\ ' PROMINENT PRE-i.
LATES WHO RECEIVE HIGH
ECCLESIASTICAL HONORS
QUARANTINE OFFICER AT
THIS PORT, WHO HAS BEEN
DEPOSED.
SAYS THAT HE KILLED
- A MAN FOB A "HOODOO"
GUTHRIE. O. T., April 15.-Fred Gay
to-day confessed to the killing of Solomon
Russell at Arfmore, I. T., on the 5th.
claiming that 'Russell was "hoodooing"
him and his family. It was he who placed
the cordon of bluestone, salt and pepper
around the house .after killing Russell to
keep, away the spirits which wera work-
Ing on him. * . fetSU^
.WEDDING OF MARQUIS*. \
WAS A SECEET AFFAIR
Announcement Made That Headfort
and Miss Boote, the Actress, -
Are Man and Wife. a
LONDON, April 16.— It is officially-an
nounced that the Marquis of Headfort and
Miss Rosa Boote, the actress.'were mar
ried April li, in the Registrar's office at
Salt Wood, near Folkestone, the witness
being a villager' and Miss > Daisy Roch-i,
an actress.
1 .They have been staying at Hotel Metro
polo, Folkestone, for several "weeks.
while his force was enveloped in a mist
on the.Jiills. No confirmation of the re
port can be obtained. The War Office her*
knows nothing about the rumored capture
of General French and entirely. discredits
the report. ;
NEW ORLEANS, April 15.-The steamer
Monterey to-day cleared for Cape Town
with 1100 mules./ . v
LONDON. April 1C— The British news
papers and magazines, commenting upon
the alternating periods of hope and ap
prehension which characterize the later
Ftagres of the South African campaign,
compare these with the latter stages of
the American war of independence aa
though to emphasize these fluctuations.
While the letters of responsible corre
spondents in Pretoria depict the situation
in a rather despairing mood the Pretoria
representative of the Dally Mall sends to
day a dispatch of the most hopeful char
acter.
"The next six weeks," says he, "will sse
a resumption of active campaigning. Lord
Kitchener will renew his sweeping move
ments. He has an army of 250,000 efficient
troops, including 60,000 mounted men. with
a good supply of horses. 40,000 having been
secured in Cape Colony alone. The army
is in gcod spirits and Lord Kitchener -is
eatisfied with the progress of events, slow
though it seems."
The War Office has received the follow-
ing dispatch from Lord Kitchener, dated
Pretoria, April 15:
"Colonel Sir Henry Rawlinson's column
rushed the south laager, northwest of
Klotfksdorp, at daylight. Six Boers were
killed, ten wounded ana twenty-three
taken prisoners. I He captured a twelve
pounder, one pompon complete and two
ammunition wagrcms . with ammunition.
Our casualties were, three wounded.
"Colonel Plummer captured a field cor
net and seven men, with their wagons'and
eighteen rifles. During Colonel Pilcher's
operations in Orange River colony seven
Boers were killed."
Pony Dffwet Sentenced.
A Barkley West special says: Pony
Dewet, a member of the Cape Assembly,
bas been sentenced by the treason' court
to Imprisonment for three years with a
fine of £1000 for seditious speeches.' :
It is said yesterday that a private ttl
egxam has been received here to the effect
that General,, French, with 500.; British
troops, has been captured by the Boers
Some 'Correspondents at Pretoria Depict the British Situation in
. Rather Despairing Mood.
"We have been accustomed to hear that
China Is very slow. But in this case many
weeks and months are going by without
any delay attributable to China, so far aa
I have heard, and yet without definite
prospects of bringing the negotiations to
a close. This unsettled condition is very
injurious to China, but it also Is an In
jury which affects the whole world. Take
for instance the cotton industry of t the
South. The shipments to China are very
large, but they have been falling off ow
ing to the " unsettled condition of affairs,
and the trade !s seriously menaced. Tho
same may be said of many other branches
of trade, and. «n fact, the commerce of all
the commercial nations of Europe, as well
as America, is injuriously affected by the
present uncertainty of conditions In the
East. What we need and what the com
mercial world needs is stability and some
definite 'understanding of what conditions
are to be."
which, he fea'r*. will be beyond the ability
of China, to meet. When seen at the lega
tion during the day Minister "Wu said in
response to Inquiries on these subjects:
BY STEPHEN BONSAL.
officer in a moment of anger at the cap
tain's ill treatment of him. Three China
men have been arrested • as accomplices.
One of them was with Ho "Wan and riding
Captain Sarthsch's horse."
New Move of the Chinese Court.
SHANGHAI, April 16.— Advices from Si
anfu to the local mandarins assert that
the court is preparing to go ¦ to Hslang
yang, in the province of Hupeh. The per
manent officials of the six boards are de
scribed as having quietly left Peking for
Slanfu In anticipation of the selection of
a new capital.
LONDON, April 16.— According to a dis
patch to the Dally Express, from Tokio,
dated yesterday, the detachments of Rus
sian marines stationed at Mazanpho have
been recalled cWlng to Japanese repre
sentations.'
"The Chinese imperial court, through
the » Chinese Minister at Toklo, has
thanked Japan for assisting China, to re
sist the Manchvrian convention." says the
Shanghai correspondent of the Times,
"and has asked for Japan's aid and sup
port in any future contingency."
Great Injury to China's Trade.
WASHINGTON,. April 15,-The Chinese
Minister was at the State Department to
day In conference with Secretary Hay on
the status of the negotiations at Peking.
The Minister is somewhat concerned over
the delay'in bringing 'about a" Snal adjust
ment and also on the' current reports that
the indemnities* reach a very large figure,
' "A young Chinaman named Ho "Wan has
been. arrested for -the murder of Captain
Barttisch. He beasts that he killed the
. "PEKING, April 13. — Major von Schoen
berg with companies of Infantry, mount
ed Infantry, cavalry and artillery has been
sent from here to disperse robbers in the
mountains- northeast of Changplngchau,
thirty kilometers north; of Peking. A com
pany of troops from Changplngchau will
intercept the retreat of the robbers".".. .
A dispatch to, the Lokal Anzelger from
Peking says': . ' ' ¦ '.¦>.- . ... '
BERLIN; April 15.— The '. German "War
Office has received the following dispatch
from Count von "Waldersee: . :
As Reported by Von Waldersee.
:, A German brigade of -4000 men at Pao
tingfu will leave that place to-morrow for
the west. The purpose of the expedition
is not announced, but it is probably in
tended to take possession of other passes
leading into Shansi province and to pro
voke a battle with the Chinese if possible.
PEKING, April 15.— The war rumors in
circulation during the last ten days have
been ' reduced to a f ew_ concrete , facts.
These facts all go to demonstrate anew
what everybody here knows, viz., that the
Germans are spoiling for a fight. Five
hundred German cavalry with intermina
ble ammunition left for Nankow Pass this
morning, j There they are to the
much-heralded Mongolian hordes com
manded by Prince Tuan and General Tung
Fu Siarig. . . : *
Special Cable to The^Call and New York Hsrald. Copyright, 1901, by the Herald Publishing Company.
Von Waldersee Sends Expeditions From Peking and They Are
x Anxious to BattIe\,With "Mongol Hordes."
was feared that this medical autocrat had
fastened himself permanently upon the
neck of California, and when relief cam*
at last it was rankeJ with the miracu
lous. But all doubts wc^e spjved when -\
reply to The Call's inquiry was receiv-d
from Washington, io the effect that tr»e
good news of KInyoun's transfer was
true. '
NEW. YORK, April 15.—The'Her
aid will " to-morrow publish the
following communication from
Senator Clark: V
$ "PARIS," April 15.— To the Editor
of the Herald: I see in the Sun
day Herald a cablegram from San
Francisco announcing my • en
gagement with Miss Laube of
> South . - As. "this reoort is
.absolutely false, I will ask * you
kindly, .to contradict it in your
highly appreciated Journal. ;
..'.;.'. ••"W.A.CLARK"
EXPLOSION OF DYNAMITE
ENDS LIVES OF MEN
Three Laborers Killed Outright, One
Dies Afterward and Eleven Are
Injured' in Mexico.
EL PASO, Tex., Aoiil 15. — A dynamite
explosion at Monacal near Chihuahua,
Mex., at 2 p. m., . to-day, killed three
laborers outright. One ; has since died
from his injuries and eleven others are In
the railway hospital, some probably fa
tally injured. >v
The explosion occurred in the ware
house of H. B. Lawrence, a dealer in
mine and railway supplies. About twenty
men were at work In tii° immediate vi
cinity, and many others were not far
away. It is believed that a lighted cig
arette smoked by a peon caused the ex
plosion, as a man was standing beside tho
dynamite just before the catastrophe oc
curred. There were several tons of dyna
mite in the warehouse. ' , '
MInaca is situated at the termius of the
Chihuahua and Pacific Railway, and \ la
the distributing point of a rich mining re",
gion. Lawrence's warehouse was the big
gest establishment in the village.
BOMBADRDS THE PALACE
OF FUGITIVE SULTAN"
Italian Consul at ' Zanzibar Makes
Things Lively Jfor the Erring
- Ruler of Mi j ertain.
ROME, April 15.— A dispatch from Aden,
says that the Italian Consul at Zanzibar
has arrived at Aden from the Somali
coast, where he went- on a special mis
sion to break up the trade In contraband.
He caused the palace .of the Sultan of
Mijertain (Italian Somaliland), who was
largely concerned in contraband.transac
tions, to be bombarded. The Sultan's
son was captured and large quantities of
arms and ammunition were taken. - The
Sultan fled to the interior with a. small
following. ~
SENATOR CLARK
IS NOT ENGAGED
The Pontiff then spoke of the position
of the Pope, which, he said, was most
shamefuj and disagreeable.
Alluding to the divorce bill drawn up by
a Socialist Deputy of the Italian Cham
ber, the Pope said:
"To the ancient -insults leveled at the
church it is desired to add another, pro
faning the sanctity of Christian marriage
and destroying the bases of domestic so
ciety.
¦ The Pope deplpred the seriousness of the
present times and foresaw a still graver
outlook in the future. He urged society
to have recourse to the light of God, and
concluded by announcing the appointment
of the new Cardinals, as already cabled,
of whom Mgr. Delia Volpe and Mgr. San
.Miniatelli are reserved in petto.
Russian Bishops of Mohilbw and Luzk
were appointed. 'X :'¦ \*'-
MartJnelli's Successor.
The elevation of Mgr. Martinelli to the
Sacred College of Cardinals will make va
cant the office of Apostolic Delegate to the
United States. After being made a Car
dinal and receiving his Insignia of office
from the special envoy which will come
from Rome to the cathedral at Baltimore
for the purpose of giving It to him, the
present delegate will remain in this coun-
ROME. April 15.— At the consistory
held to-day Archbishop Marti
nelli, the papal delegate to the
United States, was precognlzed
a Cardinal. Eleven other car
dinals were created as follows: Mgr. Fri
petl. Mgr. Cavagr.is, Mgr. San Mlnlatelli.
Mgr. Ceunarl. Mgr. Delia Volpe, the Arch
bishop of Benevento, the Archbishop of
Ferrari, the Archbishop of Prague, the
Archbishop of Cracow, the Bishop of Ve
rona and the Bishop of Pavla.
The consistory to-day was secret. A
public consistory will be held April 18.
Sod and Dangerous Events.
The Pope, in his allocution, said sad
and dangerous events have come to pass
and were becoming more serious and
spreading from one part of Europe to an
other. Several states, widely "separated,
but united by an identical desire, had en
tered into open war against religion. The
campaign was directed against the reli
erious congregations In order to destroy,
them gradually. Neither common law,
nor equity nor the deserts of the congre-'
gatlons have prevailed to prevent their
destruction. The desire was also mani
fested to prevent the y.outh from being
educated by the congregations, of whom
many pupils had become illustrious. .
COMPARE SOUTH AFRICAN CAMPAIGN
WITH AMERICAN WAR OF INDEPENDENCE
try for a few months in order to get thi
business of the delegation in shape t<
turn over to, his successor.
Several names have been mentioned by
rumor as being those of men who were
likely to succeed Martinelli In the position
of representative of the Pope to this
country and It was at one time quite gen
erally believed that Mgr. Falconio, the
Apostolic Delegate to Canada, would be
transferred to Washington and given
jurisdiction over both the United States
and Canada. A little: thought will show
the extreme Improbability of any such
action. Canada and the United States are.
under entirely different governments and
their individual interests are often con
flicting. It has never been the custom of
the Holy See to send the same delegate
to two different countries, because of the
difficulty of reconciling clashing interests
and differences in ecclesiastical laws. .'
Those in Rome who are best posted as
to the plans obtaining in the Vatican are
now agreed that Mgr. Mery del Val, now
the president of the Pontifical Academy
of Nobles, will be sent to this country by
the Pope to succeed Mgr". Martinelli. Mgr.
del Val occupies the same position as did
Mgr. Satolll when he was sent as dele
gate to Washington, and he is a great fa
vorite with Leo XII, who has for some
years shown him every evidence i of
friendship and has allowed him to occupy
apartments in the Vatican. Mgr. del Val
is yet a young man, not over 35 years of
age, and Is a ¦ descendant from one of
Spain's noblest families. His mother was
an English woman and he was "born in
England, receiving his early education
from. £he Jesuit Fathers In Stonyhurst Col
lege. His higher education, was received
in the Academy of Nobles in Rome, the
institution of which he is now president.
FEDERAL Quarantine Officer Dr.
John J.'Kinyoun has been trans
ferred to St.- Paul, Minnesota,
and Dr. .', Carm!chael. Federal
Quarantine Officer at Honolulu,
has been appointed his successor at this
port. The change will take effect on
May 1.
There is no doubt , that the action of
the United States Surseor.-General of the
Marine Hospital Corps in making the
transfer' has been In response to the
unanimous demand of the commercial or
ganizations of San Francisco, voiced
through California's Congressional dele
gation.
Dr. Kinyoun was the worst enemy the
State had ever had. His circulation of
bubonic plague reports inflicted incal
culable injury upon the State in general,
and San Francisco In particular. The
salient fact that the number of deaths in
the Chinese quarter, during the past
twelve months, with Dr." Kinvoun's bu
bonic nightmare thrown in, was no great
er than for any one of the preceding
years, could not star the damage
done by Kinyoun' s sensational declara
tions.
Added to his medical record he was
personally discourteous to the point of
rudeness, and he leaves this port the
most unpopular man in the State. No
tears will be shed over his going; no
hopes will be expressed for his . return.
His transfer has been made in acknowl
edgment of a great mass of protests sent
by business-' men from all parts, of the
State.
The removal of Dr.' Kinvoun came as a
genuine surprise to that official. He had
defied public opinion and entrenched him
self behind the dignity that doth hedge
in a medical official: No preparations for
departure had been made by. him: on
the contrary, all his preparations had been.
In the line of a nrotracted stav. In fact
he looked upon his retention here as a
victory for himself aga'nst the outraged
and insulted community, and it is said
that when yesterday morning he. open
ed the telegram addressed to himself .from
"Washington ordering his 'transfer he
was so thunderstruck that he lost the
power of' speech '/for several seconds.
Later in the day after ho had pulled h"m
self together he Informed his medical
associates of the order which he had re
ceived from Washington lidding this com
munity of his presence.
. When .the news became known on the
streets later in the .day there was een
eral rejoicing. At first the news was dis
believed.. It was too #ocd to 'be true. It
GERMAN FORCES IN CHINESE EMPIRE
APPEAR TO BE SPOILING FOR FIGHT
MANILA, April 15.— The trial of Com
missary Sergeant John Meston, : charged
with complicity in-; the commissary
frauds, is finished. No verdict was an
nounced and Meston's conviction, is un
certain. Other trials of those Implicated
will follow.
Captain J. C. Read, formerly depot'com
missary at Manila,' has been arrested./
It Is alleged that entries upon the books
of Evans & Co., Government contractors,
indicate that the commissary officers re
ceived the following sums: ¦ '
Major George B. Davis, upward of
S1OO0; Captain JVC. Rsad, $1000;
Captain Frank H. Lawton, $750; B.
L. Tremaine, Colonel "Woodruff's chief
clerk, $700.
It also appears that Evans & Co.
furnished the handsome residence of
Colonel Woodruff.
Harold M. Pitt, manager of Evans &
Co., who is now under, arrest; is notori
ously lavish In entertaining commissary
officers, while the depot commissary, a
frequenter of the tenderloin district,;'oc
casionally spent days at Pitt's house in
questionable society. (
High Revelry at Pitt's House*.
Pitt's house is a rendezvous and promi
nent officers frequently, visited it, drlnk
inrr* champagne and playing poker. W07
men of doubtful reputation have t often
been known to have been there. It' Is al
leged that Pitt had the Inside track In ser
curing Government contracts, and it . is
also asserted that he was the prime
mover in the scheme to re-establish cock
pits in Manila, Mrs.' Lara being subsidized
In securing a cock 'pit. ; , •./.¦
It is asserted that the commissary de«
partment made unauthorized purchases of
quantities of-ehamp;*sne."~Pitt- sold "som«»r
In addltlonto'what the transports brought^
the commissary ;'imported 200 ' gallons .in
February, and a. like . amount in March.
The commissary, and the commissary
sergeant kept private carriages and in
dulged* in other extravagances. ...
Campaign of Methodists.
The Methodists are planning a vigorous
campaign. Bishop "Warren of the M. E.
church has just arrived here and the na
tive converts are enthusiastic.
Commissioner Wright has returned to
Manila to complete his work on the civil
code. . •
To-morrow Frank A. Brannagln will
assume the office of Treasurer of the
archipelago. ' •
Colonel Woodruff Is Said
to Ha?e Had His FineRes
8 idence "Furnisbed."
Officers Reported to
Have Taken Tips
at Manila.
BRIBED BY
GOVERNMENT
CONTRACTORS
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, APRIL 16, 1901.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXIX— NO. 137.
Among the Noted Men Who Will Receive the Red Hat Is
Archbishop Martinelli, Who May Be Succeeded as Papal
Delegate to the United "States by Mgr. Mery del Val
TWELVE PRELATES ELEVATED
TO THE COLLEGE OF CARDINALS
AT MEETING OF THE CONSISTORY
Surgeon General of the Marine Hospital Corps Heeds Pro
tests of San Francisco Commercial Bodies 1 — Dr. Car
michael of Honolulu Succeeds Him as Quarantine Officer
DR. KINYOUN RECEIVES ORDERS
TRANSFERRING HIM AND ALL HIS
PLAGUE THEORIES TO ST. PAUL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.RAILWAY MEN WHO WILL. PAR
TICIPATE IN THE DELIBERA
TIONS AT DEL MONTE.
t ¦ yf •
Colored Eggs Cause Illness.
DENVER, April- 15.— Carrie Scott, aged
8 years, is dead and her sister Edna, aged
4 years, is in a critical condition. County
KING EDWAED LIKES
THE GEBMAN TTNIFOEK:
Sample of a Field Service Outfit Is
Warmly Approved by Ruler
of Britain
LONDON. April 15.— King Edward re
ceived General von Moltke, nephew of the
former field marshal, and Lieutenant Use
dom at Marlborough House to-day. The
German officers were accompanied by a
sergeant wearing the new German field
service uniform, sent by Emperor Wil
liam for King Edward's inspection. The
uniform differs little from the usual colo
nial equipment. The knapsack and other
paraphernalia are so arranged that their
weight falls entirely upon the back, and
the whole equipment can be released
whenever required by unclasping a single
buckle.
Klnw Edward expressed warm approval
of the uniform, and made General von
Moltke a Knight Commander of the Royal
Victorian Order, and Lieutenant Usedom
a commander of the same order.
Fear Gas From *a Well.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., April 15.—
A strong flow of natural gas has been en
countered in a well sunk at Fountain In
prospecting for oil. It is said that the flow
is so strong that the gas can be lighted
with a match. The discovery has caused
much excitement in this city.
Another carload of trunks and valises
just received, which we are selling at our
carload prices. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street. , •
' FRANKFORT, Ky/,. April 15.— The Rip
ley trial was resumed this afternoon and
the defendant went on the stand. Ripley
did not deny that he made the statements
attributed to him by ex-Governor Bradley
and Judge Yost concerning ex-Governor
Taylor's remarks to him, but said that
while they were substantially correct in
their evidence they had misunderstood
him or he had failed to convey the proper
impression on them at the time. The
cross-examination was not completed and
Ripley will be on the stand again to-mor-
Oii direct examination Ripley stated
that he had been talking with the boys
in his neighborhood for several years
about getting up a company of cavalry.
'He came to Frankfort first on January 16,
the day of the Colson-Scott tragedy, se
lecting this day. in order to see Bryan,
who was ' to • be banqueted there that
night. He had never seen Governor Tay
lor till that day, and never saw him but
once after that, January 25, until after his
company was called out. He said he never
knew Powers or Youtsey till some days
after, the shooting, 1 never ..saw
Berry Howard .at all, had .seen
Jim, Howard onry since they had
been in jail together here and never knew
either Culton or Wharton Golden. Taylor
gave him the order January 16 for the or
ganization of the company, and on Janu
ary 25 Ripley came here and secured
equipment for it. This was the day on
which he had a conversation with Taylor,
and his version of It, which varies mate
rially" from that stated by. Bradley and
Tost, was: • -"-.••
"I went into the Governor's office and
found Governor Taylor looking very bad
ly. I told him I was sorry to see him
looking badly, to which he replied: 'In
these horrible times anybody, would look
bad, Some irresponsible fool or. crank is
likely to kill me or.Jkill Goebel and cause
a riot around here, in which there will be
many lives sacrificed.' Then I told him I
did not think t.his would occur, and went
on talking to him about my .company,
which I- was getting equipments for..
" 'My God,' said he, 'haven't you -got
that company ready yet?'. That is what I
was trying to tell Governor Bradley and
Judge Tost, but I may not have stated it
to them as clearly as I Intended to." v • i
The witness : denied he ever* said', that 1
Goebel would be killed, and admitted that
he warned W. P. Thome on January 29 to
keep, his son away from Frankfort, but
said he did so because of ¦ the • disturbed
conditions here, and not from any knowl
edge of what was going to occur the nexf
day. He , maintained that there was no
secrecy about the organization and equip
ment of his. company, and said that Gov
'ernor Taylor;, told him that - it .was not
necessary to apply to .the County Judge
for authority to organize- it. -•• The com
pany, he said, was organized for pleasure.
SAYS HE WAS
MISUNDERSTOOD
Ripley Tells of .His State
ments Before the Goebel
Murder.
Sends Petition to the President
at Washington.
WASHINGTON, April , lo.-Santiago^
Igleslas, a representative of the Federa
tion of Labor of Porto Rico, who came to
this country recently with a. petition
signed by 6000 Porto Ricans praying for
relief from the distressing conditions al
leged to exist on the island, presented the
petition. to the President to-day. He was
accompanied- by Frank .R. Morrison, sec-'
retary of the Federation of Labor.
Inglesias told the President that' the
destitution existing in the island could
be relieved if the Government would ex
pend liberal sums In the building of road«--.
The President ¦ said he ; was very . much
interested in the welfare of the peop'e
of the island and promised to look Into
the matter. • \
Federation of Labor in the Island
DESTITUTION EXISTS r .»V "'"•: '¦'¦¦¦
AMONG POBTO . BICANS
ranged to Operate a Number of
Sig Steamships.
ST. PAUL. Minn., April 15.— The Dis
patch states that the Northern Pacific
Railroad Company to-day made important
announcements regarding a new line of
steamships which the company will ope
rate three-quarters of the way around the
globe, or, in other words, from Tacoma
to Liverpool, by way of the Pacific Ocean,
the Suez canal and the Mediterranean. ¦
There has been in process of formation
for several months a line of ships to run
between the Puget Sound ports and the
Far East. In fact, one boat was dispatch
ed on the new route, as was stated at
the time, but negotiations for the eight
ships which will be put on the route were
only just closed, and the announcement
that they will be assigned to regular sail
ings is confirmed by Northern Pacific offi
cials.' The ships are what is known as
the "Glen ships" in marine and transpor
tation circles.
Bailroad Company Said to Have Ar-
HEW LINE OF VESSELS
FOB NOBTHEBN PACIFIC
Great Wealth of Sstting and Scenery
at the Production of "The >
,.';':• New Coriolanus."
LONDON, April 1C— Henry Irving and
Miss Ellen Terry received a tumultuous
welcome last 'evening at the Lyceum
Theater, where "Coriolanus" was present
ed with all the wealth of setting and
scenery for which Irving is famous. Tha
house was crowded to its utmost capac
ity. The applause with which Sir Henry's
first entrance was greeted -lasted fully a
minute, while Miss Terry was receive!
with almost equal enthusiasm, t .
In the title role Irving has a- part, in
the general opinion, which suits him ex
actly, and the critics predict a success
ful run. ¦ The entire production was f/-otn
designs by Sir Lawrence Alma-Tadema,
and the incidental music was composed
by Sir Alexander McKenzie. The play
was presented in three acts, i At the clos-'t?
Sir Henry and Miss Terry were recalle-1
again and*>again, and. finally the former
made an almost pathetic speech, thank
ing the audience for its kind recepjtion
and promising to do his utmost to merit
its good will, .v - .-•
Marty notable persons were In the
house. Mr. and Mrs. Choate,' with 'M'.
and Mrs. W. B. Cutting Jr., occupied the
royal box. Sir Henry gave a supper and
held a reception on the 'stage aftfer the
performance, at which nearly all artist T c
and literary London assembled to wel
come him back to his old home.
EIG CROWD CHEEBS ¦ .
IBVIHG AND MISS TEBRY
"From an abstract point of view every
American would naturally want the
United States to fortify and .absolutely
control the canal. But from a practical
standpoint this is Impossible. The evils
to arise '"from 'fortifications would': be
greater than those from neutrality. Forti
fications are expensive and could with dif
ficulty be maintained at such -a distance
from the United States.- If our fleet is de
stroyed "the canal^ in case we build it un
der our sole protection, will be taken away
from us and will' become a possession of
our enemy. Again, if the canal be built
without the establishment of general neu
trality every nation whose territory or
commerce is expanded will be interested
in anv movement • to overcome us, which
may bring about a free canal. I think the
best interests of the United States demand
observance of the principle of neutrality."
. Rear Admiral R. D. Evans, president of
the board of inspection and survey, and
Commander J. M. Hemphill, a member of
the board, are opposed to fortifications.
Rear Admiral Evans said the j soldiers
manning, fortifications would be subjected
to malarial disease, while a fleet could He
a few miles off' and blockade the canal.
The advantages - in favor of neutrality
were greater, in his opinion, than could
be derived from fortifications, and this
opinion was joined In by Commander
Hemphill. . ;
Long interviews were had to-day be
tween Secretary Hay and Senators For
aker and Lodge, supposedly with refer
ence to the proposed canal treaty which
is to replace the Hay-Pauncefote treaty
as Secretary Hay succeeds in his task of
reconciling the. views of -the Senate and
the administration. The talk that the Sec
retary of State has thus far had with Sen
ators on the subject of»a canal treaty has
revealed considerable opposition to any
treaty at all, some Senators insisting that
nothing more is requisite to the construc
tion of the canal than the abrogation > of
the Clayton-Bulwer treaty, and it is' still
far from certain that a treaty can be
drafted that will command the support of
two-thirds of the Senate and still be rea
sonably acceptable to Great Britain. » •
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
\V., WASHINGTON, April 15.— N:aval of
ficers who discussed the matter to-day
gave hearty approval to the purpose of
the administration to provide for the neu
trality of the isthmian canal in the treaty
to be signed by Sacretary Hay and Lord
Pauncefote, the British Embassador. Cap
tain C. D. SIg3bee, chief intelligence of
ficer, voiced the views of many of his
colleagues when he made this statement
to-day: .. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"Fighting Bob" Doesn't Be
lieve in Fortifying Pro.
posed Canal.
EVANS IN FAVOR
OF NEUTRALITY
YT^y EL MONTE, Aorll 15.— From ear
. I" : -lV. ly morning until late this even
1 IB ing every- train has been brln=f
•\\ JJ ' ing numbers of delegates to at
• '.;• ;,.,:-.":v;:;t'eiid s .,.the' : ;: ( Transv- continental
"Passenger 'Association;, 1 meeting, which
opensii-hfirfi t»tb;morraw morning. The
latest ad. action was a special train whicn
'iSrlved-shjQrtly/after it o|clock this- even
ing,." ci^r.ryih'&..'>ndre':. '.'than r forty railroad
men;;rnariy'6f ;them accompanied by the'r
wiYesiiwho-^have^corne from the East to
attpnd' 1 this important, convention. When
Chairman J; Charlton the meeting
to 'order at 11 o'clock to-morrow morninp:,
it is. expected there will be Howard if
sixty- delegates present/arid every roa-l
west of the Missouri River will be ' rep
-"it "has ¦' been decided that 'the first bust
ness to be considered will be the diseus
' sion ! by the association of the soeclal
rate that the Northern Pacific, the Cana-
SAN JUAN, A"pril 15.— Harold Crowley
of Lockport, N. Y., son of ex-Congress
man Crowley, and • an emnloye of the
Postal Department, who was recently ar
rested on a charge of misappropriating
postal funds, was formally arraigned to
day and found not guilty. *
Postal Clerk Not Guilty.
WASHINGTON, April 15.— Captain John
McGowan has been retired, with,the rank
of rear admiral. He broke down in health
while commanding the monitor Monad
nock on the Asiatic station several months
ago, and has since had a short 'term of
service in command Of- the naval station
at Key West. '
Naval Officer Is Retired.
Physician Harry C. Brown attributes their
sickness to eating three or four candy
Easter eggs, which had been colored with
dyes containing arsenic. The eggs were
eaten last Friday.
There are at present sixty-three ques
tions to be settled before. the -association
meeting is . closed. Mativ of the3e are of
vital importance to California; If shrewo.
diplomacy and clever lobbying be success
ful, the Southern Pacific will come out on
top. It has as its representatives E. O.
McCormlck and T. H. Goodman, who ar
rived hero-.early in the day, and have been
busy feeling their wav before the real
battle opens to-morrow.
As the- matter stands at present, it
looks as though the northern roads will
have to recall their rate, which they have
been advertisinK>-Xor some time.
The next question .to be discussed to
morrow is that of the. colonist rate. Sev.
eral of the^rOacIs .are., anxious 'that -after
the last J; excuysJon.-'ahTi.ir'"hauekl-b e ?n run '
the. last -of.: this '.rndnthithe' agreement
be not renewed. -They claim that the low
colonist rate is not beneficial. v " The
Northern Pacific' Railroad' Will .fight to
maintain the rate. 1 'Its officers are
ious to increase the. population along th3
line, and they say that, the colonist rate
is of much benefit. to. ih,em;.^_- • ;.
Recently the Northern Pacific and the
Great Northern announced that \ during
the Epworth League meeting'.they,. would
sell tickets from . St. P&ul to all Pacific
Coast points for, $45 and return. They
also "desire that the Trans-continental
Passenger Association allow patrons who
buy tickets from them to return East
over the Southern Pacific and Santa Fe
roads. Air of • the other railroads claim
that this would injure the traffic to San
Francisco, and that the Northern Pacific,
Great Northern and . Canadian Pacific
must sell all cut-rata Eoworth tickets to
terminate at San Francisco, but that pas
sengers must return over the northern
lines if they so desire..
dian Pacific and the Great Northern roads
have made, to go toto effect prior to the -
Epworth League convention in San Fran
cisco in July. Neither the Northern Pa
cific nor the Great Northern is a member ,
of the Trans-continental Passenger As
sociation, but,' although they do not be
long to the organization, they have never
until recently attempted to work in oppo
sition to it. At the last quarterly meet
ing ,of the" association, held in Chicago,
they promised to act in conjunction with
the .association in. reference to the Ep
worth League rate. Th;s rate is' $45 for a
first-class ticket to San Francisco and re
turn, west of the Missouri River.
Three of Wilson's fellow workmen were
at work on a high scaffold. They had be
come overcome by gas when Wilson went
to their aid. In a few minutes Wilson
succumbed to gas and rolled off the plat
form. .' ¦ -
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohfo, April 15.— After
having successfully rescued fellow work
men from w"hat would probably have re
sulted in death, J. C. Wilson, a pipefitter,
whose home. is in Salt Lake City, fell off
a platform to-day at - the plant of tha
Ohio Steel Company and struck on his
head, dying instantly.
NEW YORK, April 15.— The will of the
late Fernando Yznaga was admitted to
probate to-day. Yznaga left all his estate,
both real and personal, valued at about
$3,000,000. to his sister Consuelo, the Dow
ager Duchess of Manchester, makin.tr no
provision for his other two sisters, Lady
Natiker Lister-Kaye and Miss Emily
Yznaga, or his mother, Mrs. Ellen M:
Yznaga.
It has been stated that the Dowager
Duchess of Manchester will divide the
fortune left her with her mother and sis
ters.
RESCUES COMPANIONS,
THEN LOSES HIS LIFE
BERLIN, April 15.— The German press
prints ' columns regarding the doings of
Crown Prince Frederick William in
Vienna, pointing out particularly the en
thusiasm with which he was received
there by the populace and the court.
_Private dispatches say that the Crown
Prince was at first somewhat shy and
flushed, being unused to - such ovation*,
but he soon recovered his self possession
and at last evening's banquet delivered
his toast in resonant tones and with mili
tary inflection. The accounts wired of
the toast itself vary, and the Vienna
semi-official version differs from the Ber
lin semi-official report. The latter omits
the words "comradeship In arms." and
adds a phrase about the Crown Prince's
thanks for a "most cordial reception."
All accounts agree that he spoke without
notes, while the Emperor of Austria read
_from .manuscript.:
'-.TO-day the Crown Prince -took break
fast with the Saxon Minister to Austria,
Count von Rex. . .
"YZNAG-A'S BIG ESTATE
-. - • GOES TO THE DUCHESS
First Embarrassed When Called
On for Speech.
Kaiser's Son Said to Have Been at
ceown prdj-ce shy
- • IN ATJSTBIA'S COURT
WASHINGTON. April 15.— The United
States Supreme Court to-day decided a
number of cases involving the validify
in one State of divorce decrees granted
In other States. The court held practi
cally that in cases in which the decree is
granted in States where the husband an-J
wife have made their legal residence it
Is valid In any part of the United States,
but that in other cases in which there i.s
no legal residence in the Stale if) which
ine decree is granted they are. invalid.
The opinions were handed down by Jus
tice Gray and involved the cases of At'i
erton vs. Atherton, Bell vs. Bell and
Streitwolf vs. Slreitwolf. .
In the Atherton case the husband ob
tained a decree of divorce in Kentucky,
where they had resided as husband and
wife, after the wife had left the husband
and gone to the home of her parents in
Clinton, N. . Y. In his opinion Justice
Gray called attention to and laid stres.s
upon the fact that Kentucky -was' th<y
place cf their marital residence and ho
also brought out the fact that notices of
the husband's petition for divorce ha«J".
been forwarded to New. York and that
she had made no response. The Kentuck /
court thereupon had granted the decree.
The question involved " was,, he said,
whether the decree was*, valifl in Nev
York, the question having been raised by
a counter proceeding of the wife for'di
vorce in New York. He concluded that
owing to the fact of her former 'residence
in Kentucky and the fact that due no*
tice had been given her, Mrs. Atherton
was as much bound by theKentucky de
cree as if she had been present in the
court when it was granted. Hence, ths
decision of the New York Supreme Cpu-t
in favor of the wife j and against the
validity of the Kentucky decree was re
versed. " ¦•
The other two cases also came from
New York. In the Bell case the question
of the validity of a decree granted to the
husband in Pennsylvania was raised and
in the Streitwolf case the same question
was raised concerning a decree granted
to the husband in North Dakota. ¦ In bo'.h
these cases, the decrees were held to be
invalid because neither the husband no»"
t.ie wife had domiciled in the/ State in
which the divorce was granted. In tho?=e
cases the findings of th« New York courts
•were affirmed.
In the Atherton case Justice Peckham
dissented on the ground that the husband
had been himself responsible for the
wife's change of residence.
Justices Make a Ruling to Govern
Dissolution of Marriage.
DECISION ON DIV03CE LAW.
WASHINGTON'. April 15.— The United
States Supreme Court, through Chief Jus
tice Fuller, to-day issued an order grant
ing leave to iiie a motion for a rule
against the Circuit Court cf Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit to permit the filing of
an appeal in ihat court from a decision
of the Supreme Court of Hawaii in the
Wilder Steamship Company case. The
rule was made returnable May 13. Pre
vious to this action a rule was promul
gated attaching the territory of Hawaii to
the Ninth Circuit, with headquarters at
San Francisco.
The action of the court in assigning the
Territory of Hawaii to the Ninth Judicial
Circuit, and at the same time issuing a
rule to the Circuit Court of Appeals to
show cau«? why it should not take, juris
diction of an admiralty case originating
in Hawaii involves an interesting general
question relating to our new territorial
possessions. The application in this case
was made by Duane E. Fox in behalf of
the Wilder Steamship Company of Hawaii
aginast Hind, Spreckels et al. Under the
act of lfSl organizing the Circuit Court of
Appeals they were given jurisdiction in
appeals from the Supreme Courts of Ter
ritories, and the Supreme Court was given
authority to assign the Territories to the
several circuits.
But the courts in the Territory of Ha
waii were organised by the act of April
30, 1S00, on a different basis from other
Territories, and the same distinction was
made ss in courts of a State as to writs
of -error and appeals, and. the Supreme
Court of the United States made no order
assigning the Territory. The act also por
vided that cases pending at the date of
the organization of the Territory should
be carried on to final judgment and ex
ecution in the corresponding courts of the
Territory. It also established a District
Court, having the -jurisdiction of United
States Circuit .md District courts.
The Supreme Court of the Territory
rendered judgment for $55,000 against the
Wilder Steamship Company, and then
when the company attempted to appeal
the Circuit Court of Appeals, on April 1,
1900, refused to entertain the appeal, hold
ing that the judgment of the Territorial
court was final.
Assignment of a Suit in Hawaii to
the Ninth District Tribunal In
volves an Interesting
Dispute.
Supreme Court Raises a
Point in Wilder Com
pany Case.
TERRITORIAL LAW
NOW THE ISSUE
To-day's opinion affirmed the opinion -of
the Nebraska Supreme Court. It was al
leged in behalf of the Call that while that
paper was taxed at the rate of $5 per 100
words, the Jcurndl was required 'to pay
only $150 per 100 words. The telegraph
company contended that its services to
the Call Company, were a matter of Inter
state commerce,' subject to regulation only
by Congress.' krid not by. State-or bycon}- ;
mon law. and that as Congress had taken
no action the- telegraph company could
not be restrained. ln r the opinion , of the
cdifffc 'Justice Brewer 'asked :.¦ • : ¦ ; t , <: " • ". #?
."Can . It " be right that ttie great multi
tude r of; Interstate commercial transactions
'are freed -from the burdens incurred by
•the conimori law as'; so' defined and are
subject to no rule except that to be found
in the statutes of. Congress? We are clear
ly of opinion that this cannot be so, and
that the principles of the common law
.are operative,upon all interstate commer
cial transactions, except so far as they
are modified by Congressional- enactment."
WASHINGTON, April 13.— The case of
the Western- Union Telegraph Company
versus the Ca!l Publishing Company of
Lincoln, Nebr., to-day was decided in fa
vor of the newspaper by the. United States
Supreme Court, Justice Brewer delivering
the oDinion. The Call is a Lincoln news
paper ar.d the suit was based upon the
allegation that the telegraph company had
discriminated arainst it in the matter of
tolls in favor of the'Lir.coln Journal.
Against Telegraph Company.
Supreme Court Gives an Opinion
DECISION FOR NEWSPAPER.
"The validity; of such taxes is not be
fore us for determination," he said, "and
therefore we must decline to express any
opinion thereon, and yet it may not be
Improper to say that even if the sus
gested result should follow. It furnishes
in reason for not recognizing that which
in our judgment is the true construction
cf the constitutional limitation.'.'-. j.
Justice Harlan delivered the opinion of
the dissenting Justices, basing it upon the
ground that the precedents justify the
tax on foreign bills. Justice Brown con
curred only on the result reached by the
majority.
I The judgment of the District Court was
i reversed and the case remanded with ln
1 structions to grant- a new trial. -In the
' course of his opinion Justice Brewer took
cognizance of the contention that if the
duty on foreign bills of lading is not sus
tained it will follow that tonnage taxes
and stamp duties on manifests must fail
i also.
"We are of opinion that a stamp tax
on a foreign bill of lading Is in substance
and is equivalent to a tax on; the articles
included in that bill of ladinf*, and there
fore, a tax or duty on export%and in con •
flict with the constitutional prohibition."
The case came to the Supreme Court
from the United States District Court of
Minnesota. The decision of that court
sustained the valiaily of the law impos
ing a tax of 10 eems on expert bills of
laairsg, Fairbank being tinea $25 for his
supposed offense. Ke is an agent of the
Northern Pacihc Railroad Company and
was convicted of violating the law m
March, 19(X), the specific charge being that
of Issuing bills of lading on wheat to be
exported to England without attaching
the stamp to them as required by lav/.
The tax was resisted on the ground that
it violates the provision of tne constitu
tion requiring tr.at no "tax or duty, shall
be laid on articles exported from any
other State." The substance of thij
court's decision was embraced in the con
cluding paragraph, which follows:
WASHINGTON, April 15.— In the United
States Supreme Court an opinion was
handed down to-day In the case of Fair
bank vs. the United States. The case in
volved the constitutionality of the war
revenue law,- imposing a tax upon export
bills of lading. The court decided against
the Government, holding that provision
of the law unconstitutional. The opinion
was handed down by Justice Brewer, anJ
Justices Harjan, Gray, Wnite and Me-;
Kenna- dissented. ..
Imposition of an Extra Duty on Ex
port Bills of Lading Is Hz- >
clarsd to Be Uncon
stitutional.
Supreme Court Renders a
Decision in a Kevenue
-Tax Case.
DECIDES AGAINST
THE GOVERNMENT
As a clincher to his argument Gardiner
cites the decision of the Supreme Court
in the Neely case. .¦ £ ,
At a meeting of the National Bar Asso
ciation in Albany last January Gardiner
delivered an address in which ho answered
arguments ad\aticed by former President-
Harrison against the position of the Gov
ernment. This address attracted much at
tention an"d resulted in Gardiner being re
tained by the New England Tobacco
Growers' Association to prepare a brief in
support of the power of the Government
to levy duties on goods imported from
Porto. Rico into the United SUte3. *
Gardiner presents a line of argument to
which Attorney General -Griggs. and So
licitor General Richards devoted little or
no attention. ; He bases his argument on,
the broad ground that the "United States
is a sovereign nation; it possesses all na
tional powers enumerated In the constitu
tion and all unenumerated powers re
served to the people. . These aggregate all
powers of the most potent sovereignty and
the National Government can exercise
them all. unless expressly prohibited by
the constitution." Thh» contention is the
keystone to Gardiner's brief, for it is fol
lowed by the contention that the "acqui
sition of Porto Rico and the Philippines,
the- mode and extent thereof, the delimi
tation of the boundaries of the United
States, the disposition and government of
the islands and their inhabitants— these
ana all similar questions in the cases' at
bar are political and not judicial and.
therefore, not within the jurisdiction of
court."
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, X.
W., WASHINGTON, April 15.— Into the
Porto Rican -and Philippine cases now
pending In the Supreme Court a new ele r
merit was introduced to-day when Charles
A. Gardiner o,f Xe-nT^Tork filed a brief on.
behalf of, the New England Tobacco Grow
ers' Association. Gardiner puts into the
record far .the first time the contention,
as in the Neely extradition case, that the_
Insular issues raised are political ques
tions with which the court has nothing
to do. The fact that the Government's
counsel objected to the reception of the
brief indicates that' they are confident of
winning: the cases.
Special Dfspatch/ to The Call.
New England Tobacco-Growers' Asso
ciation Takes Hand in Big Legal
Insular Contro
versy.
Attorney Raises New Point
in the Pending Porto
Rico Cases.
DECLARES COURT
IS POWERLESS
THE SAJN ftfiiAiiClSCO^ Itf, ™M J «
Reduction Made by. Northern Pacific and Great Northern in
Fares to the Epworth League Convention the First
• Question to Come Before Transcontinental Association.
WESTERN RAILWAY MEN GATHER
TO FRAME NEW PASSENGER RATES
2
ADVEETISEMENTS.
Soap in stick form; con-
venience and economy in
shaving.
It is the best and cheap-
est shaving- soap in all the
world.
An sorts of people use Pears' soap, all sort*
of stores sell it. especially druggists. .•'.,¦...,<
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
GOUT and DYSPEPSIA,
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
To Cure a Cold in One Day. •
Take Laxative Bromo-Qulnine Tablets. 25c. •
Send no money, but wrlteDr.Shoop.Raclne.Wis .
box 137. for six bottles of Dr. Shoop*s i Rheumatic
Cuie.exp.pald. If cured payJ5.50.If not.lt Is free*
¦\y. r ' ¦ '- •^• ; _,"a •.Y-v-;*.;"-*' v',YV~/.^»-iv .*":;..¦ ;
If You Have Rheumatism
"My Family Must Have
lit Brtfast Foofl
< Regularly at Breakfast,
Because They Find It
More Palatable and
Healthful Than Other
? ;' %t ; Grain Foods They
Have Used."
A Denver lady whose sons are members
of the Ralston Health Club, after reading
the letter of Webster Edgerly, president
of th© club, determined some weeks ago
to give Malt Breakfast Food a trial. Her
I family were so delighted with the Food
they decided,: to continue its use. Its de-
licious flavor* easy- digestion, Its health-
giving' properties have made it an Indis-
pensable dish for" breakfast In that home.
To»her grocer she sald:- 4 '*My family must
.have-Malt Breakfast Food regularly at
breakfast, because they find It more pala-
table and healthful than other grain foods
they have used."
Thousands of 'families have given up the
use of the old stomach-irritating foods for
Malt Breakfast Food, that proves itself
so nutritious and strengthening. Grocers
sell it. . . '
BUSINESS PROPERTY
Cor. 3rd and Mission Sis.
Cor. Bosh and Belden,
Setter, /Near Grant Ave»
Belonging to Heirs of
MATTHEW CROOKS.
'¦ ' L"V"'.
THURSDAY, APRIL 18, 1901
f\T 12 O'GI-OGK. NOON,
Auction Rooms of
HI UMBSEN & CO,,
14 Montgomery Street.
S. E. CORNER MISSION AND THIRD ST9.
—66 feet on Third st. by 77:5. feet on Mission
St.; solid 4-story and basement hrlck building,
containing: 3 stores on ground floor, renting for
$359 per month to one tenant, and 3 floors above
of- 50 rooms, renting: for $140 per month; and
assessed for $32,500; Improvements, 115.000.
AN ELEGANT LOCATION ON SUTTER ST..
BETWEEN GRANT AVE. AND STOCKTON
ST.— Premises now occupied as a wood and
coal yard; ground rent $50 per month. Land
assessed for $20,000.
N. E. CORNER BUSH AND BELDEN
STS., BET-WEEN KBARN7 AND MONT-
GOMERY STS.— Brick Improvements: rentlns
for $305 per month. Land assessed $16,060; im-
provements, $2700.
For further particulars apply to
t . f JOHN T. HARME3.
625 Market St.
Referees: G. H. UMBSEN.
. >> 14 Montgomery St.
P. J. SULLIVAN.
Parrott Building.
t Cured While
Yoa Sleep
In Fifteen Day 3
"Gran-Solvent" dissolves Stricture lt*« snow b*.
oeath tbe sun. reduces Enlarged Prostate an«
itrensfthcns tbe Seminal Ducts, stopping Drains ac4
Emissions in Fifteen Days.
No drugs to ruin tbe stomacb, but » direct local
and positive application to tbe entire uretbral tracw
Gran-Solvent is not a llqnld. It Is prepared la
the form of Crayons or Pencils, smooth and dexltl*
md so narrcw as to pass tha closest Stricture.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
Ttt St. James Assn.. Box 834. Cincinnati, O.. hsa
prepared at great expense an exhaust- mw\ fw>%
tn Illustrated Treatise upon tbe male LULL I
Mrstem. wbiob ttwur will send to any 111111
«m!e applicant. I lli-l» I
ST. JAMES ASSN 2SO ELM ST «»
31. JAJ1LJ A33fl M Cincinnati, Ohio.
KjQ |BH9Hy A Ef --^^Mffl
H El H w9 BZSS Ca PHn B 7 FL j*l
Dfi. HALL'S fiElNYIG0RAT0fi!R3&g
Five hundred reward for any S^glVS9
case we cannot cure. This eecret If 1 ** "H
remedy stops all losses In 24 hours, 1__ . . H
cures Emissions. Impotencj', Vari- l*gj K2j
cocele. Gonorrhea, -Gleet. Fits. Iu\$ V»l||
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all MEeag mBM
ti-astlr.s- effects of self-abuse or jhe%A— J-J^}
excesses. Sent sealed, $2 bottle; 3 _ _ ¦
hottle<! &- guaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
K"» HaL^S MEDICAL INSTITUTE S55
Broadway. Oakland, CaL Also for sale at 1073'4
Market st.. S. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Send for free book. , _
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE, INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine, i
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Orscans, for both inn.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of tht Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
/ NABER. ALFS & BRUNJE. Agents.
323 Market st., 8. F-— (Send for Circulars.)
F*E/Y\O\/JEE>. ,
PATRICK & CO.,
RUBBER STAMPS. ETC..
- TO 221 SANSOJVIE ST»
Between Pine and California, sta.
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the ewe of GONORRHEA. GLEETS.
STRICTURES and analogous complaints of tha
Organs of Generation.
Price $1 a bottle. For sale b7 drujgista.
WeeflyCi $1.00 per Year
JMBbBSS • This Is the picture of the Dunlap Crusher, the hat that has jgjSj533
BBaPaMJB - made such a hit this season. It is a hat well adapted foe ridinir, ESf^SSa
HjgSgggj - driving, or for an outing Of any kind, but many men and young ¦HEB&
ffflBBaBU "We have the hat in black, brown, cedar, pearl and mixed pTHKlSa
¦B steel. See them in our windows; price only fct~jS-^3^; Binding your, own pictures atchome Is
inexpensive^ interesting and produces th»
most 1 charming- effects for '• wall- furnish"
ings. -We are - constantly receiving new
tlnts;and colors of r mat boards,-. with con
veniently, gummed -V binding., papers ,: in
strips to match. : Sanborn, Vail & Co'
741 Market street. - r^WgtAsMgma * '
A Fascinating Art.
LOS ANGELES, April 15.— Mrs! Alice
Delaney, a middle-aged widow, who lived
with her 20-year-old son at 306 West Thir
tieth street, left home on Friday morning;
and , has not since been- seen by her 1
£& nds i She ls said to have had between
$200 and 5300 on her person at the time of
her disappearance, and the police are now
endeavoring to locate her. She formerly
lived in San < Francisco, but a telegram to
thar city • elicits the reply that she had
not been seen there.
•Widow Suddenly Disappears.
TACOMA, April 15.— Further efforts
made to-day to trace John H. Baronett,
tho elderly Englishman who has fallen
heir to a fortune left by his brother In
England, reveals that he is at Wallace,
Idaho, with friends instead of at Redding,
CaL, as announced yesterday by William
Seymour, who assisted Baronett this
winter. • William Hover, manager of local
associated charities, says he procured
transportation for Baronett to Wallace,
and saw him depart for that place on Feb
ruary 2S It is believed he determined to
Bo to \\ allace after leaving Seymour's
house.
Baronett Is in Idaho.
SPOKANE, April 15.— Following closely
upon, the tragedy at Mullen, Idaho, on
wM Urday nl£rht « when - Deputy Sheriff
Williams killed "Jack" Powell, after the
latter and several confederates had fired
.upon him from ambush, a murder was
committed in the Couer d'Alenes lasi
"i?" 1 ' George Fisher, a member of the
Miners Union, was shot by an unknown
assassin at Gem. Following the termina
tion of martial law In thet\>uer d'Alenes
a reign of terror appears to have begun'
hv which old scores;, giowing *out of. the
Wardner trouble, are being settled wit n
bullets. • .
Mystery, shrouds the assassination of
Fisher. Deputy Sheriff Samuel Finlav
heard a shot while in his room, and wen^
out to investigate. Passing theDostof
fice he found the body of Fisher in fron*
of, Harrington's • saloon. He went Into
Harrington's, where there wore a num
ber of men, who had heard the shot but
had not. gone outside. The bullet struck
Fisher just under his left eye romliJr
out at the back of his head, showirTthac
It must have been fired from the level
of the street and not from the upper
story of. a building. ~ w '
v. fisher, was. about 30 years of age and
• had been in Gem a year and a half? doing
no work. He is supposed to have been a
member the \ Western Federation of
Miners.- from, a : badge; ho was wearing
He was about the size of and wore clothts
similar, to those of Deputy ¦ Finlay, and
the theory is advanced he was. mistaken
for that officer. Another' theory beifiK
k?ne e d y FLK ated 1S that nlay ; himself
« With no positive evidence that the l.i
bor troubles have anything to do with the
affair the fact that Fiaher was a mem
ber of the union has aroused bitter fpel
ings,- which are increased by the charge?
so quickly made against the officer » *s
¦Last nightman unknown man - in" Gem
said he saw Fisher walk across the street
and enter Hanrinston's %aloon> but- tC
saloon inmates denied that any one camp
in after the shot was' fired, -until iffiv
showed up fifteen : minutes later This
morning one of them told Sheriff-Suther
land that Finlay fired the shot.- and ha
saw Finlay run away down the street
It is believed an organized effort^ will ba
made to convict ¦ Finlay of the shooting!
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Reign of Terror Is Begun in
the Coeur d'Alene
. . Country.
- , — — • — . • . . r t "¦
ASSASSIN SLAYS
A UNION MINER
In 1897 Sydney Hoover and -his wife,
May Hoover, were living together In
. Blalne- with two"- children that had come
to bless their union. In July of that year
the Portland, arriving IS Seattle with her
cargo of Alaska gold, started the Klon
dike fever. • Hoover was among its vic
tims, and it carried him off- to that land
in search ot -wealth. No letters camo
from him to his wife, but reports' came
out, and were published in the newspap
ers, that he was dead. An investigation
made bv Mrs. Hoover's brother seemed
to confirm the storv cf her husband's
death. After waiting- for his return, for
three- years she married W. H. Sh'affner
on July 18, 1900.
On Friday the first husband returned
to Blalne. He was informed of his wife's
second marriage and her removal to
"VVhatcom. He went thither and consult
ed with her and the prosecuting attorney.'
She prefers her second husband, andwill,
within a few days, institute divorce pro
ceedings against Hoover. After the de
cree is granted she will remarry her sec
ond husband.
SEATTLE, April 15.— Elaine, Washing
ton, furnishes the latest parallel to
Enoch Arden's sad story, save that in the
finale the gentleman play'ng the -part
makes himself known and is spurned.
It is another of the many tragedies of
the Klondike.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Gold Seeker Reported Dead
Returns From the Klon
dike District.
nation's chief. The floral parade will be
one of exceptional beauty, as the dis
trict is rich with flowers, fine horses and
equipages. »
The contest for Queen is attracting
FINDS HIS WIFE
ANOTHER'S BRIDE
President' William McKinley has con
sented to the altering of his itinerary so
as to permit an hour's sojourn in San
Bernardino on the last da.y of the celebra
tion.
FAIR DAUGHTERS OF SAN BERNARDINO WHO ARE IN THE RACE
FOR A CROWN, AND ONE OF THE LEADING MEMBERS OF THE
CORONATION COMMITTEE.
In the street. fair end of the celebration
there will be a large number of pretty
booths along- the street, with goods dis
played therein and with the thoroug'i
fares decorated in orange, white and red,
official colors of the fair, and hunsr witn
beautiful lanterns and Hsrhts. There will
be a graiid stand at the intersection of tha
two main streets and opposite It a daintv
throne, whereon the aueen and her court
of thirty ladies and gentlemen will be in
stalled.
President McKinlev*s party -will occupy
a. private box In the grand stand, and the
queen will be received in this box by th*
The formal opening of the street fair
.has been set for Thursday night. May
2. It will witness the coronation of *lie
queen elected by popular vote, with many
beautiful ceremonies attendant thereon.
On the next day the agricultural end will
have an inning, with ..ho formal opening
at 10 o'clock. There will be speeches on
suitable topics and music from the sta^e
before the grand stand. Later in the
week the Judges will pass upon the vege
tables, fruits, fancv work and other ex
hibits. There v.iil be three prizes for the
best decorated booths alone the streets,
ready on the opening night. The judges,
one irom San Berna-rdino. one from Red
lands and one from Riverside, will not
be known until after the contest is set
tled.
For the street fair, the committee of
management is presided over by James
Fleming-, president, with L. W. Buckley,
director-general, and Mrs. H. M. Barton,
president of the .woman's department.
ner. " V- ' ¦ •¦
The premium lists are now out, and
F.how values reaching to more than $700,
The following superintendents of depart
ments have been selected: Horses, Wil
liam Rourke; cattle, James Waters;
swine, James Cole; poultry. "W. D. AM
ridge; fruit, W. C. Fuller: fine arts, Mrs.
Smith Haile; viticulture. W. S. Corwin;
vegetables, P. B. .Hockaxlay; grain, John
Andreson; dairy, John W. Hall: miscsl
laneous. J. A. Cole and *E. J. Gilbert.-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
jf=^ AN BERNARDINO. .April 14.—
ft^_ The first Annual Street Fair and
Merchants' Carnival, to be he*d
in this city on Mav 2 to 7.. in
clusive, fox which extensive prep
arations are bow In progress, will be
conducted on an elaborate scale. It com
bines a carnival, a floral parade and an
agricultural and horticultural fair. The
directors of the Twenty-eighth Agricul
tural District, comprising the counties of
Riverside and San Bernardino, having
decided to - hold a district fair, selected
t». » fame dates as those for the street
'-Btr. ¦ '¦¦ ;"'•• : ;:
The agricultural end of the affair will
be. located about Third and D streets.
i^ar the City Hall. The vacant build
ings in that vicinity Save been secured
for exhibits of all classes and kinds, in
cluding live stock and machinery- The
fine arts department will be at this car-
TACOMA, April 15.— The"; lockout of the
carpenters announced . by -r the Builders'.
Association ' Saturday • night is affecting
other trades, a's none of the union men 6'f
the Federated Council will' work on build
ings, where carpenters ;¦ are . locked- out
Plumbers," painters, plasterers and paper-"
hangers- and steamfitters -are feeling-- the
effect of the lockout. Between 250 and 275
carpenters in Tacoma were Idle to-day. * "
Spread of Seattle Strike.
of-its manager, R. W.Hersey, denies the
statement made - by Judge Bond . at the
Prune Growers' meethig. on Saturday to
the ' effect that it had defeated a sale of
300 'carloads of prunes negotiated by him
at Hamburg. It is declared no report of
such sale ever-reached it3 office, and thai
any * sale , negotiated by Judges Bond, or
by any. representative of the association,
would have been promptly honored.
Manager Hersey also denies that the'
packers' company, failed to keep faith in>
the matter of > the October dividend of
1 per cent. • He admits that the packers
promised to advance $100,000 to $130,000 in
case future sales wei « not sufficient ! to
meet it, but says, that since that time the
packers have paid .to the association
from sales $425,000, and sine© the season
opened $1,075,000, of which about $700,000,
he understands, has been paid out in divi
dends. :
Fresno Built Over a Lake
FRESNO, April 15.— Excavations made
at points { about town •• for the
foundations of new buildings have deter
mined -the fact that water Is plentifully
found -at a depth of nine feet below the
level ' of the street curb. The belief has
long been entertained that the city Is lo
cated over a great subterranean lake. The
finding "of water so close to > the. surface
has ' added to the r cost ' of business- house
construction 'iin account. of pumping-, • the
use of concrete cement in foundations and
concrete 'walls and floors to keep the i
water out of basements, '
DENIES A STATEMENT
MADE BY JUDGE BOND
California Packers' Company . : De -
. ; Clares That It Did Not Defeat
' .' " ¦ a Sale of Prunes.^ . . •
, SAN JOSE, \ April lo.-The | California
Packers' Company, over the signature
South Seattle Swain the Accused
Iff an in a Peculiar Prosecu
.. tion. . ;,¦ I
SEATTLE, Wash., April 15.— Charles S.
Stephens of South Seattle is charged.With
having willfully disturbed a : religious
meeting. The case has excited unusual
interest in the community on account of
the standing of all persons connected with
the affair, as well as. the peculiar condi
tions under which it occurred.
Harry Cookson testified that on several
Sundays the defendant had escorted a
pretty young woman to church and that
while in church the young man talked in
a subdued voice to her.. —^-- ,
David Gillian bore out. the, testimony of
Cookson- and said further,. In a semi-hum
orous tone, that the young woman's
beauty was enough to detract from tWe
eflcrt of the preacher and that for
man to try to' make the -whole male- part
of ' the * congregation jealous was still
worse. '-¦-. • ' '. /
Miss Lena Butt, Miss Lena Burbank and
John Willers made statements to the ef
fect that it might have affected the elder
male members.., of the congregation, ! but
not the younger members, who had affairs
of their own to manage.' :<
Judge Carson has tak^i "the case under
advisement. . • '
AREESTED TOR TALKING . .
' TO A GIRL IN CHTJRCK
WOODLAND. April 15.— The Woodland
Gas and Electric Company to-day bought
out the Woodlcnd Consolidated Electric
Light. Gas an-1 Power Company, consist
ing of the local gas and electric plant.
The former company has the local agency
of the Bay Counties Power Company and
has now no competition.
"Woodland Gas Plant Sold.
Of Interest to .the Coast.
"WASHINGTON. April 15.— Postofflce De
partment orders to-day are as follows:
Postofflces established— California— Deelez.
San Bernardino County, . Anthony Mc-
Nally, Postmaster. Postmasters commis
sioned—California— Wallace C. Bartlett.
Slatoiits. Appointed— California— E. S.
Townsend, Dyerville, Humboldt County,
vice B. T. Tuttle. resigned. Oregon— J. G.
Rempel, Polk, Polk County, vice P. . R.
Graber, resigned; C. P. Smith, Tamarack.
Umatilla County, vice Merrill Van Tassel,
resigned. Washington— T. N. Crofton,
Centerville, Klickitat County, vice Peter
A. Hola, resigned; J. D. Sponogle, Glen
wood, Klickitat County, vice J. F. Blew,
resigned.
These pensions were issued: California-
Original— Benjamin A. Vaughn. Corning,
$6: James Hubbard, -Valencia, $6; George
Gibson, Florin, $6; John Cupps, Plymouth,
56; Francis Ventras, ' Sacramento, $12;
Owen 'J.' McCabe, San iFrancisco, $6. In
crease—John Jacob Hoffman, Yountville.
$12. Reissue and increase— Sylvester
Mayo, San Francisco, $8.. War with Spain
— Original— Otto H. Brakenwagen, San
Francisco, $17.
Washington — Increase — John Lowe, State
Soldiers' Home, Orting, $12; Abram Cas
ler,' Vashon, $10. •
In army orders' Captain Hollia C Clark
of the Twenty-fourth Infantry is ordered
before a retiring board at San Francisco
for examination.
The headquarters, at Newton's stable, of
the patrol which is guarding First street
was a lively place to-night. Men gath
ered'in animated groups, and at no time
will the watch along the "firing line"
cease. Ontario, Claremcnt and other near
by villages are ready to send men here
on short notice to help protect tne city's
rights for the past practices of the South
ern Pacific have made it generally unpop
ular in this locality.
Word has been received from Los.An
geles to the effect' that the company will
not attempt anything until April 19, when
the -writ is made returnable and the'de
fendants must answer, but little credence
is elven this, and Pomona will still con
tinue to watch and wait. .
When the company's .latest action be
came known the citizens became greatly
excited- and hasty meetings were called
to talk over the situation. These confer
ences had but one effect— to arouse the
populace still further against the railroad
and solidify the resolution to fight this
battle to a finish. It was declared in con
ference that if blood must be shed in pro
tecting the city from the covetous cor
poration, it would be shed. There are.
hundreds of men'here upon whom injunc
tion writs have not been served, who are
fully decided not to allow any encroach
ment over the city's line.
POMONA, April 15.— It seemed until this'
afternoon that the Southern Pacific had'
given up the attempt to forcibly encroach
upon the land which the city has been,
defending for two days! A- strong guard
was on picket along First street all night,,
but r.o crews of Southern Pacific track >
layers appeared. ."--- ¦
This morning the City Trustees, met and
granted the First street franchise to the
new Salt Lake road. A protest against
the action was received from the South
ern Pacific Company, on the ground that'
the city had no right to grant tl fran
chise over the company's land, which, it
claimed, included all of Firsf street. As
soon as the ordinance was passed by the
Trustees, the Southern Pacific employes
notified the company and it- at' once pro
ceeded to get out a temporary injunction
against the city of Pomona.- The City
Trustees, City Marshal. Superintendent of
Streets, a number of I deputies and many
"Richard Roes" and "John Does" were
named as defendants. After the papers
were made out. Detective Bowler of the
Southern Pacific was sent post haste! to
Pomona, where he has been busy since 5
o'clock serving: writs on those who are
mentioned. . -
Armed Men Are Still, .on. Guard in,
; . : '."... .Pomona, . ' ..'*'._• .
The writ is. made returnable on April
19, and until that time • nothing can be
done on" either side. : \ " . :
CLARK ROAD GETS " FRANCHISE.
¦ •--.-• :¦¦ • ¦¦-¦ ¦¦-... . -•¦-.. .,*.-.-. -•?¦--¦;
LOS ANGELES,' April' 15.— Judge Shaw
to-day granted a temporary injunction, to
the Southern Pacific against the city of
Pomona, restraining the latter from in
terfering in any. way with yie work cf
the road in the construction of a switch
it is Building In that city. Elliott Hlriman,
W.. ¦ Hi Postcn, • George : Heath, George A.
Carter and James ; Harry,' Trustees of .the
city, and M. Hutter, Superintendent of
Streets;. L.' H. Esterly, dty Marshal, and
his deputies, LV E. ; ;GriggsIy and - many
oth.ers ¦ are named as 'defendants.
.-In the ¦ complaint thecompany claims to
own a certain tract of land over which. 1
for the past ten years' and more, thei
broad gauge of its road" has run. This :
tract comprises fifteen apres" in the heart
of the city and is exclusive of a 100 foot
right of way. . ¦ . - .
The plaintiff alleges ihat an attempt to
build a 'much-needed- sidetrack . through
this land to connect with the main road
to-Chino was .interrupted on April 13 by
the defendants, who injured some of the
workmen and tore up . and .removed : a
large portion of ;: the, soil ¦ on the south
portion cf the track. Damages in a sum
upward of $1000 is. asked, and the court is
asked to compel' the defendants to show
on what ground title *is claimed to the
streets in Question.
-...¦••¦:. .
¦Special. Dispatch to The Call.
The three prisoners were taken to En
senada and thrown into jail. The ves
sels were confiscated by the Mexican
Government. The two- sailors were sen
tenced to six" months each, while Cap
tain Thornsan, because he owned the
vessel in. which the guano was to have
been taken away, was given a double
sentence of twelve months in the~ En
senada Cuartel. For some' reason un
known and without ev/n.tae form of an
explanation to Ithe captain, his sentence
was extended to eighteen months.
"I was treated like 'a wild animal," said
Captain ¦ Thornsan to-day, "and if I at
tempted to. go into the. presence of other
prisoners, who were given more liberty
than I, they would run away and lock the
doors. When I- was taken to jail I had
some money and some clothing. The lat
ter was taken from me, and during almost
my whole ' term * of imprisonment I had
only one- suit of clothes and one blanket
to cover me. •¦ My bed was the concrete
floor of my cell, and I slept rolled up in
a blanket with my coat as a pillow. While
my money lasted I was able to buy a little
extra provisions, but when this was gone
Thornsan was the captain of the junk
Hongkong, which was seized at • Ellda
Island more than a year and a half ago
by the Mexican man-of-war Democrata.
In company -with two. other small ves
sels of. about the same class the Hong
kong was being used by guano poachers.
There were, seven men in the enterprise
and four of them were able to get away
from . the gunboat, though their vessels
were taken. Captain Thornsan and his
crew of two men were captured and con
veyed to Ensenada. The four who es
caped lived on Ellda Island for a few
days, until the Democrata • sailed north
with. the three small vessels in tow. Then
they succeeded in getting across 'the
channel to the main land of the penin
sula, and, after enduring great hardships,
eventually reach San. Diego.-
SAN DIEGO, April 15.— Among the pas
sengers arriving here this morning on the
steamer St. Denis | was . Captain Hans
Thornsan, who returns to civilization af
ter eighteen months as a prisoner in tlie
Mexican Cuartel at Ensenada, There he
underwent . an experience which he will
not soon forget,' and the emaciated con
dition in/which he returns to San Diego
gives ample proof of the story which he
tells. ¦ V \ • . : ¦ ¦":"" ¦ ¦ ¦„;;; <":.:?-. t
"I am happy over one thing, and that is
that. I have lived through this terrible
experience, and I assure you I will never
put, myself in a position again where
there is the least chance of me having? an
other dose of it."
"As may be expected, my clothes were
nothing but a few rags, hardly sufficient
to cover my body. During my whole term
of imprisonment I was never allowed to
leave the alley that separated the cells
from the jail, and I never felt the warmth
of sunshine. Communication with the
outside world was cut off entirely, and
wh*t has happened during the last
eighteen months Is a blank to me. :
I was put on en allowance of 25 cents a
day, Mexican money. With this I bought
bread and a few beans, but six weeks be
fore I was released my' allowance was
stopped, and since then 1 have existed
solely on bread and water.
much attention ori all sloes. The candi
dates are: Miss Lulu Claire Bahr, Mls»
Isabel Smith, Mrs. Frank Cooley, Miss
Minnie * Gazzola. Miss Nettie Davidson,
Miss Lottie Frith, . itfiss Marion Kendall.
Miss Jessie -Weimer, Miss Mav Dexter,
Miss Adele Carson, Miss Mary Stevenson,
Mrs. John Andreson,- Miss Nellie Brown.
The committee on'uueen's coronation,
of which Mrs. Stiles is cnairman, has se
lected for official costumes the styles
worn In the times of Marie Antoinette
and Louis XIV. It will, however, substi
tute for train court dresses . the dainty
Dresden . shepherdess gowns .of larg-e
flowered materials in quaint make and
styles, including huge picture hats, slip
pers, buckles and flowing sleeves, which*
will five to the costumes, a beautiful
spectacular effect. .¦ The queen will wear
robes, now being made in San Francisco!
a beautiful crown and a girdle of jewels.
The ladies comprising the coronation
committee are: Mrs. W. H. Stiles..chair
man; Mrs. J. B. Gill, Mrs. R. F. Garner,
Mrs. R C Harbison, Mrs-H. M. Barton,
Mrs. G B Rowell, Mrs R. J. Jones. .--,j>.yi
' — i .».
VANCOUVER, B. C. April 15.— John
Llndstrom and Andrew Barton, two coast
prospectors, arrived to-day from Texada
Island, sixty-five miles from Vancouver,
with samples of one of the richest strikes
of cold ever made in British Columbia.
The free gold samples give assays of more
than $1000 to the ton, nuggets half as large
as a dime belne scattered through the
quartz. Lindstrom and Barton made the
alscovery a week ago, but did not hurry
to bring the news to Vancouver. They told
their story to miners at Vananda, on Tex
ada Island,, and about twenty men there
quit work and went out to stake claims on
the new ledge, which is about five miles
away from the water. It is situated not
far. from the iron mines which are con
trolled by the Union Iron Works of San>
Francisco. *
Lindstrom says it was only by accident
that they found the gold. They had pros
pected several hundred feet along an ordi
nary-looking- ledge showing pyrites, -and
suddenly came upon pieces of glittering
metal.- Then they dug deeper and found
plenty cf ore within a few feet of the sur
face. The ore yields several hundred dol
lars-to the ton. Apparently the find 1* an
extensive one, as they prospected the lead
for a considerable distance.
Each of the men recorded a claim for
himself on this lead and one for Allayne
Jones of this city, who had "grubstaked"
them. They -filed their papers at Vananda.
and when they had turned loose the popu
lation in that direction of the new find
they came down to Vancouver to make re
ports. Several prospecting parties are be
ing formed here to go over the district
thoroughly to see if another ledge Ilka
this- one can be found.
Special Dispatch to 'The Call.
Some of the Ore They Have Discov
ered Assays More Than Ona
•-' Thousand Dollars to
ths Ton.
Prospectors Bring Samples
of a Remarkable
Strike.
TEXADA ISLAND
RICH IN GOLD
Claims Title to the land Over Whlcn
Its" Track-Builders At-.
/ : tempted to Lay '
':?. : Mi '&: :¦¦' Rails. •'
Southern Pacific Gets Out. an
Injunction Against £J
CARRIES STRIFE
TO THE COURTS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Captain Thornsan of the Guano-Poaching
S Junk Hongkong Survives Awful Hard
ships in the Cuartel at Ensenada
passes many months
in Mexican dungeon
THE J5ATST FR AffCI§Co£cALL, TUESDAY, APRIL ,16, 1901.
PRESIDENT McKINLEY TO RECEIVE
QUEEN OF SAN BERNARDINO FAIR
Result of Balloting in the Southern City Will Determine
Upon What Fortunate California Beauty Shall Fall the
Honor of Exchanging Greetings With the. Nation's Chief
3
QUICKSILVER #>f
MIKING COMPANIES.
SAN B5NITO CO. AND SANTA
CLARA CO.
$1 BUYS
2 SHARES.
ONE IN E4CH MINE. PAR VALUE
IS SI PER SHARE.
Thousands of tons of rich ore already
prlned and developed.
Money from sales cf stock will be
used in the construction of Scott Fur-
neoe* immedlMtely.
Dividends will be paid as soon as fur-
nacas are In good -working order, un-
doubtedly In less than four months.
Our rair.es are adjacent to mines that
have already produced o\er $100,000,000
worth of quicksilver.
VTe own over 500 acres, XJ. S. Patent.
and have necessary buildings,' tools,
engines, teams and mining machinery;
also have 1000. cords of wood cut for
the furnaces.
We guarantee to pay all assessments.
If any, for five years.
Let us show you these mines and
Judjre for yourself.
E. B. EBUFOliD, President tad Oestrtl
Htti-rer, 7 North Xtrket £t , Baa Jose.
F»t;:etO3 at Brine* Ofiee.. 2C9 Sanseme
Et., Ecu FrsacifSt.
e. l. corriKtsd r. ds fseitas, Ag«t».
We like the trade of the man who feels that he has not a cent to squander when buy-
ing -his clothes; the. man who must make every penny count is the. one we can please best.
Fcm such a man we recommend our ready-to-wear' blue serge sack suits, because they
are full value, popular and stylish, and, what's more to' him, they are serviceable.
The suits were made by union labor, in our .own light and healthful workshops. Here
is a detail of the making: The material is a well-dyed all-wool serge, in a rich shade of Wue
¦that is unfadable; the garments are.'cut with care, just as. though they were higher -priced
goods; they are sewed with silk throughout and have many other points of virtue that will
show in the wear. The fact that they are union made alone speaks for the workmanship. They
are unquestionably the best serges for the money we ever sold. ,Your money back . if you
• are not satisfied.
We also have good all-wool mixed tweeds in desirable patterns at the same price, $7.50.,
Norfolk Suits for Boys
We are still displaying the Norfolk Suit for boys, The Norfolk is that ¦ fetching' little
suit with box plaits and a belt, for boys from 5 to 12 years of age.'
The suits come in two styles— one with a yoke front and the other with plaits extend-
ing iindertlie collar. The suits, come with knee pants cr knickerbockers, and are made up
in the following materials: Tweeds, Cheviots, Frerich Flannels and Homespuns. The.prices are
$3.50^ $4.00, $4.50, $5.00
Boys-pajamas, all colors and- patterns, $1.00, $1.25 and $1.50.
; ' Boys'^cossack made of wash goods, ages 3 to 6, $1.50 and $2.00.
Boys' straw hats, in dark and light colors, from 25C'up.
-¦ >¦ \ .,¦•-¦•¦ '>¦ '..'" ¦ ¦ '¦-¦'[ - - - - - ' .
¦See our windows. j % A #>rv " > jt% Out-of-town orders
They are interesting, kk.jlj.l/l/l II 1§ 1 Sf & f\ filled— write us for
Note qualities and y^ # LI 1%) M 11* anything in clothing,
prices. -^^ L Ff.^ I'V . furnishings or hats..Swallowed. His False Te€tb..
A man recently swallowed his false te-Mh and
it drove him- mad. Stomachs will stand a great
deal, but not everything.. If yours is weak try
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters. It cures indiges
tion, constipation, kidney and liver troubles, as
well as malaria and fever and ague. It is
particularly effective. in all nervous affections,
and Is strongly recommended at this season of
the year when the system is . run down and
most susceptible to disease. All druggists
keep it. . .
TAITFOBAIT PARK-Monday, April 15,
190L— Weather fine. Track fast.
2296. FIRST RACE-61x furlongs ; selling;
four-year-olds and up; purse. $400. '-
Index, Horse. Wt. Jockey. BL V4- Str. Fin.
22S3 Donator, 6. 109...Ransch 6 3 1 11.11
a941)Gusto. 4. 109 Mounce 1 1 h 2 2 2 %
(2287)Alaska, 6, 110...., Shields 4 14 31 3 8
2277 Rinaldo. 6. 109.Dominlck 2 2 2 4141
2188 Alleviate, 6, 107...Howell 7 '-4 h - 6 ft 6 \i
2278 Hindoonet, 6. 112.. Thorpe 8 8 5 1 6 3
2277 v AsIan. 4. 109.Wedderstnd 3 6 2 7 1 7 4
2l»4 Zurich. 5, 109 Coll 6 618 8 »
2287 Parmenlon, 4, 106. Conley Left ... ...
(2274)Loconomo. 6. 107..Hafley Left ... .'.. j
Time— %, :24i4; 14. :48; %, 1:14%. Bad start.
Won easily.' Second and third driving. Win
rer. C. Mulholland's br. g. by imp. Brutus-
Mlss Gift. Winner not lacking for speed and
probably best. Hindoonet. the heavily played
cr.e, carried the barrier away with her. Gusto
in good form just now. Rinaldo lacks game-
Tees. Asian not at himself. Scratched — Fla
m«»ro 109, Hermoso 112.
Betting— Donator. 3; Gusto, 15; Alaska, 20;
Rinaldo, 12; Alleviate, 15; Hindoonet. 2; Asian,
I; Zurich, 400; Parmenlon, 12; Loeonomo, 40..
229T. SECOND RACE— Mile and an eighth;
Belling; four-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Irdex. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2188 Catasfphe. a, H5.Glsbrn 4 3 1 1111
•22S9 Faunette, 6. 113.Alxandr 2 6 h 4 hi 2 1
(228S)Merops. 5. 115..Basslnger 3 1 h 3 h 3 n
22*9 Florablrd. 4, 114..HoweM6 2 h 2 h' 4 5
2234 Tom Calvert. 6, lU.Shlds 7 6 h 7 5 6
2166 Limelight, 6, llS.Domnck 14 3 5 h 6 1
2287- March Seven, 4, HW.Enos 5 7 "6 % 7
Time— %. :13«; %. :25>!4; M. :51%; %, 1:16%;
mile. 1:43; lttm, 1:56&. Good start. Won
liandlly. Second and third driving. Winner,
J. Carroll's b. g. by imp. Midlothian-Misfor
tune. Although showing- signs of soreness win
der displayed speed and gameness. Faunette
had poor racing luck or she might have won.
Merops did his best. Tom Calvert sulked.
Scratched— St. Simonian 118.
Betting— Catastrophe. 16.-5;- Faunette, 6: Me
rops, 6-5; Florablrd, 10; Tom 'Calvert, 15; Lime
light. 15; March Seven, 100. .....'
2298. THIRD RACB-Four furlongs; selling;
two-year-old fillies; purse, $400. '.
Icdcx. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
1-034 Louwelsea, 105.... Thorpe 3 2 2 2 4 l,n
2261 Torso Maid. 103.Domnick 2 11 1H 210
2285 Quadra. 105 Conley 1 4 10 3 h 3tt
(2189) Muresca, 101 Mounce 4 3 3 4 10 4 12
2285 You You, 100 Murphy 5 6 5 6 3 6 2
2tS9 Muslque, 109 Flynn 6 6 1 6 1 6 %
2285 Torila, 100 TampUn 7 7 7 -• 7
Time-Ji. :23%; %, :48H- Poor start. Won
first. three driving. Winner. Doble &. Co.'s b.
f. by Rey El Santa Anlta-Leola. Louwelsea
both fast and game.. Torso Maid put In a bold
rid.' Muresca very light in . flesh. . You You
slow to set away. • • .; :
Betting — Louwelsea, 7-2; ~ Torso Maid, 6;
Quadra, 20; Muresca, 7-10; You You, 10; Mu
sique, 100; Torila, 150.
2299. FOURTH RACE— Six and 'a half fur
longs; three- j-ear-elds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. 14. Str. Fin.
2275 Tayon, 4, 106..Dominick 2 2 h 13 1 %
2251 Headwater, 5, 106. Thorpe 5 5 4 2 Vi 2 2
(?263)B. Ormonde, 3. lOa.Mnce 6 6 5 4 2 3 2
2275 Prejudice, 4, lOL.Ransch 3 4 h 5 5 4 1
2251 Sad Sam, 3, »9. .Murphy 1 11 "33 55
2280 Jim Hale, 3, 92 Walsh 4 31^650 6 100
2275 Babbler, 6, 109...Phelan 7 7 7 7 .
Tlme-1-16, :07; M, :23U; %, :47; 6%f. 1:1914.
Good start. Won first three driving. Winner,
Fred Cook's br. h. by Llssak-Caroline Hamil
ton. Sad Sam eet a clip he could npt carry
to a finish. .Tayon- perfectly ridden. Head
water all out. Ormonde a disappointment.
Prejudice outclassed. Scratched— Grand Sachem
106. -
Betting— Tayon, 6-2; Headwater. • 9-5: Bes.u
Ormonde. 3: Prejudice. 8; Sad Sam, 25; Jim
Hale. 100; Babbler, COO.
2300. FIFTH RACE-One mile; three-year
olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. H. Str. Fin.
2281 S. Chamber, 4. 116.Trner 3 4 3 H 1 2
2278 Dang. Maid, 4. lll.Mnce 2 2 2 h 2 1
2270 Dr. Cave, 4, 116..Wed8td 4 12 1 h 3 2
22S1 Rosormonde. €. 115.. Dom 1 3 2 4,4.
Time— %. :25%; %, :49%; %, 1:13%; mile. 1:41.
Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, P. Dunne's b. h. by Imp'.
St. Blalse-Soncy Lass. -. Star Chamber forged
to the front when ready. Maid strung it out
quite . a piece. Rosormonde won't do in her
present form. - Too far for Dr. Cave. ¦
Betting — Star Chamber. 3-5; Dangerous Maid,
14-5; Dr. Cave, 50; Rosormonde, 7.
2301. SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse, "VTt, Jockey. St. %. V*. Fin.
2253 S. Garter. 4, 109.. Bergen 151 3 1 ¦ 1 ns
2277 Montallade, a. 109..Mnce 7 4 1- 4 14 2 n
2291 Moringa. 6, 109...Conley 5 3^22 3 ns
2098 Valencienne, 6, 107.Basgr 4 13 15 4 2
2283 Osmond. 5, 109. Domlnick 9 8 6 6 1' ' 5 1 •
2247 Expedient, 4, 106 Fogg 8 9 9 61
(216S)A. Fonso, a, XOT.Ransch 6 6 Vi 5 'J 7 2
2288 J. Jingle, 5, 107...Hafley 2 2 h 7 ft 8 6
2240 Dolore, a, 107 Thorpe 3 4h 8 2 9
Time— U, :23fc:'%, :48; %. 1:14%. Good jitart
¦Won flret three drlvirg. Winner, M. J. Daly's
ch. h. by. imp. Golden Garter-Florida. . Bergen
gave the winner an excellent ride. Mounce
waited too long. Valencienne quit. Jingle
cashed In early. Scratched— La Mascotta 107,.
Un Cadeau 106. Sweet Caporal 107.
Betting— Silver Garter, 20: Montallade, 2;
Morlnga, 15; Valencienne, 4; Osmond, 7; Ex
pedient, 30; Amelia Fonso, 8; Jingle Jingle,
8; Dolore, 8; . . ¦ -
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 15 —
Hon. Whitelaw Reid of New York will de
liver an address to the students of Stan
- ( ™» U T? IV H rslt , y n e^t Friday afternoon on
The Tendencies of American Unlversl-
Reid to Lecture at Stanford.
while under the- new- system they are
turned loose In parties.
TERRIBLE Terry ¦ McGovern ' and
his retinue of trainers, managers,
announcers and baggage did not
arrive ' in the city yesterday ac
cording to schedule. His coining
was eagerly awaited by the Twentieth
Century Club managers, a half-score of
newspaper menand an anxious public, but
the distinguished traveler from the classic
shades of Brooklyn did not loom up on the
horizon/ A train wreck on the route over
which his special was gliding put all hope
of his reaching the scene of his next fistic
battle before some time to-day. .• •
Somewhere on the Nevada desert. Terry
and his retinue whiled away the fleeting
hours playing golf, with a boxing glove
for a ball, a baseball bat for a brassle and
genial Jim Humphreys for a caddie. .Man
ager Sam Harris kept score, and Mrs. -Mc-
Govern and Mrs. Harris, who are in the
party, ' applauded the efforts of the little
champion. "
Manager Kennedy has procured rooms
at the Palace for the McGovern party.
The featherweight champion will remain
at the hotel for a few days and then will
go into training at the Casino. He is to
do battle with Oscar Gardner before the
Twentieth Century Club on the evening of
April 30.
• McGovern was born on March 9, 1879, in
Brooklyn, N. Y. He is five feet two and a
half Inches in height and weighs not more
than 123 pounds. McGovern 'began fight
ing in 1897, and his record of victories Is
marvelous. The only time he was knocked
down and had to take the count was when
he fought Gardner a year ago. Oscar
dropped him with a left hook, but when
Five Convicts Go Free.
SAN QUENTIN, April 15.— In accord
ance with the new law providing that
convicts must be discharg-ed from prison
on the Monday of the week in which their
sentence expires, Jive convicts were this
morning dlspharged from ; San ' Quentin.
The new law is not looked upon with fa
vor here. Heretofore care was exercised
to 'keep discharged convicts separated,
McGovern cleared the cobwebs from his
brain he was back at his opponent- and
fighting fiercely. Gardner succumbed two
rounds later. McQovern's record is as
follows: '.
Frank Barnes, won, Brooklyn, 10 rounds;
Eddie Avery, won, New York, 4; "Kid"
Dougherty, won, Brooklyn, 10; Tom McDer
mott, won, Brooklyn. 10; Eddie Goodbody, won,
Brooklyn, 10; Billy Barrett, won, Brooklyn, 10;
Jack Leon, knockout, Brooklyn, 7; Jack Rea
gan, won, Brooklyn. 6; Jack Doyle, won,
Brooklyn, 6; Eddie Goodbody, draw, Brooklyn,
+',' Charlie Rbden, won, New York, -6; Jack
Kelly, knockout, Brooklyn. 2; Billy Maynard,
won, Yonkers. 8; '."Plnkey" Evans, won, Yon
kers. 8; Fred Mayo, knockout, Waterbury, 6;
George Munroe, draw, Tonkers, 20; George'
Munroe, knockout, Cor.ey Island, 24; Tim Cal
lahan, lost on foul, Brooklyn, 8r George Mun
roe, won on foul, Brooklyn, 6; Tim Callahan,
draw, Brooklyn, 20; Eugene Garcia, knockout,
Brooklyn, 5; Harry Forbes,- knockout. Brook
lyn, 13; Tim Callahan, knockout. Brooklyn,
10; Paddy Donovan, knockout, Philadelphia,
3; Jimmle Rose, knockout, Brooklyn, 2; Aus
tin Rice, won, Brooklyn, 14; Casper Leon,
knockout, Brooklyn, 12; Patsy Haley, knockout.
New York. 18; Joe Bernstein, won. New York,
25; Sammy Kelly, knockout. New Tork, 5; Billy
Barrett, knockout. New York, 10; Johnny
Ritchie, won, Tuckahoe, 3: "Pedlar" Palmer,
knockout, Tuckahoe, 1; Fred Snyder, won,
Philadelphia, 2; Billy Ratchford. knockout,
Chicago. 1; Patsey Haley, knockout, Chicago,
1; Bill Smith, knockout, Chicago,- 3; Eddie
Sprague, knockout, Hartford, 2; "Freckles"
O'Brien, knockout, Cincinnati, 1; Charles
Mason, knockout, Cincinnati, 2; Harry Forbes,
knockout. New York. 2; George Dlxon, won.
New York. 8; Jack Ward, knockout, Baltimore
2: Oscar Gardner, knockout. New Tork 3 :
Eddie Lenny, knockout, Philadelphia, 2; Eddie
Santry, knockout, Chicago, 5; Joe Bernstein
knockout, Louisville, 7; Frank Erne, knockout,
New York, 3; "Kid" Broad, won, Chicago, 6;
Joe Gans, knockout, Chicago, 2.
* ' ' ' ¦ , -.
THE BROOKLYN WONDER, WHO IS MATCHED TO FIGHT OSCAR
GARDNER BEFORE" THE TWENTIETH CENTURY CLUB ON APRIL
30. HE ARRIVES IN THIS CITF TO-DAY;
¦UNIVERSAX. SERVICE PARTY.—Tickets
are on sale at Golden Gate Hall, 625 Sutter
street, for admission to' the "party" to be
given by the Universal Service Society to
j^fht at the hall.
CBEEDON" WINS QUICKLY
FROM JIMMY HANDLES
MEMPHIS, Term., April 15.— Dan. Cree
don of Australia showed his oldtlme form
and stopped Jimmy Handler of New Jer
sey here to-night In less than half a min
nute's fighting in ihe first round. The
fight was scheduled for twenty rounds.
There was practically but one blow struck
—a left hook to Handler's jaw and the
Jersey man went down for the count. He
managed to regain- his feet, but was so
weak, that .Creedon floored him again.
Handler was unable to rise and the
referee counted him out. .'
SHAMEOCK II TO BE '.
LAUNCHED ON SATURDAY
• NEW YORK, April 15.— David -.Barrie. |
American' representative* of Sir Thomas '
Lipton, to-day received a cable message;
from Sir Thomas that the Shamrock II,
the challenger of the America cup,
would be launched on Saturday next, ana '
that .the Marchioness of Duff erln would i
christen the vessel: .
Amador City Won.
ANGELS CAMP, April 15.— One of the'
biggest baseball games ever played in the
mountains was played by «the Sequoia
nine of this place and the Amador City
nine yesterday. .The score was 4 to 1 in
favor of the visitors, but the victory was'
gained by a scratch hit. ¦ Up to the sixth
inning the Sequoia's "had everything their
own way. In this Inning the ball was
batted into the field and lodged in an oak
tree, making it possible tor three Ama
dor men to score. The Sequoia team has
good timber and gives promise of develop
ing into a strong -nine. . ¦ :•
Eastern Games.
IXDIAXAPOLIS. April 15.— Score: Indianap
olis 2. Pittsburg 7. ! • - • ','"!
Batteries— Alloway, Stlmmel and Heydon-
Chesbro, Phllllppi, Wiltze and Donahue and
Zlmtner. - .
ST. LOUIS, April 15.— The St. Louis and
Kansas City clubs : played an exhibition game
to-day. Score:
Clubs— ' " -R. H. E
St. Louis ...., .8 9 ¦ o
Kansas City... ; ...:.... 0 3 6
Batteries-Jones, Harper and Nichols; Wel
mer.. Ewing and Messltt and Beville. -¦:"-*•'
zados. . - . '
Third race— Hermoso, Dollie Welthoff, Tame
Irishman.
Fourth race— Sailor, Master Cal, Rasp.
Fifth race — Xanaen, Phocnissa, Free Lance.
Sixth race— The Gafflr, Illusion, Road Agent.
Track Note.
¦ E. p. .Laurence, the hustling general
manager and racing secretary of the Mon
tana Jockey Club, will visit Tanforan to
day in the interest of his association.
Montana stake entries close April 20.
MOTLEY WINS THE
CARTER HANDICAP
Jockieys Are Heavily Fined for Need« :
less Delays at the
Post.
NEW .YORK, April 15.— The racing sea
son' in-, the metropolitan district was
opened to-day at Aqueduct. ; The Queens
County Jockey Club offered an attractive
programme, with tl'.e Carter handicap as
the feature, and in spite of a cold, rainy
day a record-breaking .crowd was In at
tendance. The track was slow. Motley,
owned by William Lakeland, and favorite
in the betting. at 3 to 1, won the Carter
handicap. 5 Thirteen horses faced the
starter. -It was a pretty race all through.
Shaw, -. on Motley, made his run at the
right moment, and taking the lead inside
the last sixteenth won cleverly by half a
length from Robert -.Waddglj. . , : ;
The delays, at the post. were long and
tedious "and many cf the Jockeys were
punished. Henry was fined $250, Shaw $150,,
•Van Dusen 1100, Slack, Dal,e and Wonder
ly $50 each, while Burns was. set down for
foul tactics' and H. Wilson for the re
mainder of the: meeting. Results:
First race, five furlongs, ' selling— Himself
won Leedsvllle second, Maple, third. Time,
1:03 1-5.
Second race, four and a half furlongs—Sedi
tion won. Easy Street second. Flintlock third.
Third race, five and a' half furlongs — The
Rogue won.- Maiden second, Mauga third.
Time, 1:10 2-5.
Fourth race, the Carter handicap, about
seven furlongs — Motley won, Robert "Waddell
second. Pupil third. Time, i:28. •> -
¦Fifth race,' about seven furlongs, selling—
Animbsity won, Buffoon second, Blue Away
third. Time. 1:29 2-5.
Sixth race, four and a half- furlongs— The
Hoyden won. Golden Cottage second, Shandon
field third. Time, :56. . •
Racing at Lakeside.
CHICAGO, April 15.— Results at Lakeside:
First race, five' furlongs— Trladltza won, Se
voy. second. Money Muss third. Time, 1:01 1-5.
' Second race, mile, selling 1 — Pirate's Queen
won. Plead second. About third. Time, 1:43 2-5.
Third race, three" and a half furlongs— Yana
won, Johanna D second, Edna Kenner third.
Time, :43 3-5.
Fourth race, one mile — W. J. Deboe won,
Thurles second. The Conqueror II third. Time,
1:40%. '
Fifth race, four an* a half furlongs— Bridge
won, Haydon second, • Tom Wallace third.
Time, :B5 2-5/
Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth — Hood's Bri
gade won. Strangest second. Frangible third.
Time. 1:49 2-5. y '
Racing at Memphis.
MEMPHIS, April" 15.— The' races to-day re
sulted as follows:
First race, four and a half furlongs, selling—
Ardita won, The Esmond second, Baccie third.
Time. :57%. .
Second race, mile and . a quarter, selling —
Tammany Chief won, ; Albert Vale second,
Fancharm third. Time, 2:11.
Third race, mile and a sixteenth, ' Chlckasaw
Club handicap— Wild Pirate won. Caviar set
ond, Ohnet third. Time, 1:50.
Fourth race, ' Memphis stakes,, five furlongs-
Abe " Frank ¦ won, Autumn Leaves second,
Wyeth third. Time, . 1:03.- ¦• • v • .
Fifth race, kbout a mile and a quarter. Btee
plechaae—Don Clarencio woi Terry Rangei
second. . Ztifalllg third. . Tima 2M7V4-
Sixth race, 'one mile,' selli g— Domsle won,
Colonel . Gay Becond, j Dleudo: Me third. Time,
1-.4394. ¦ - — - '
Eesults at Newport.
CINCINNATI, April 15.— First race, sever
furlongs— J. -J.- T. won, Dr. . Black second,
.."Woodtrlce third. . Time,, 1:33%.*
" Second race, - four and a j half 'furlongs — De
benture won, Alaza second, Queen. third. Time,
i59%. '" • ¦ ' • -• '¦ ' - . /
U Third .race, ..six furlongs— Lord Frazer won,
Stltes : secpnd.^- Morris. : .Volmer; • third. . Time,
1*19^4 " ¦
-¦.Fourth- race, mile and ' an ¦ eighth, selllng-
Gebfge B.'Cox won, Waterhouse second, Kitho
lin third. Time. 2:01*47 T ¦-.-'.•-•-'• „_ .
Fifth race, one mile-^-J:. H. Sloan "won,-Tub
culum second, Peter Duryea third.' . Time,
1:4*%."*- *•""{ '¦-¦-'- ft '¦'.*>
' Sixth race; six furlongs — Amaro'.won, Anna
Chamberlain second, Fire Play third. Time,
DR. TUCKER TAXKS ON
. ¦¦: ; ..--.HIGHER EIHJCATIO.N
President- of ; Dartmouth College A£
;*,- ' dresses the : Students of
..:<; /; . /.¦-,' .*: "Stanford.
:-",STANFQRD: UNIVERSITY, April 15.
' Rev.'Dr: William J; -Tucker, president hi
Dartiriquth College, *^poke in the. chape!
this afternoon' before a large audience,
;taklng as his text higher education in the
United States and Its growth as compared
with- that o£ Europe.- He said that one of
the-, m6st remarkable . things, and that
which would' 1 -' Impress ¦ a foreigner most,
•was the" gr&wth of -j higher education in
Air. erica in recent V, years. The rapidity
ana solidity^o£ : growth, of Stanford.Uni
versity would be a. 1 revelation to a gradu
ate of Oxford, where a gift of £10,000 is a
"large -contribution..'. 3 •- -- v ' >¦
During the last generation a great
qjjangp has- taken place in the higher ed
ucation." Instead of . studying : Greek and
Latin, .students areengaged in the more
practical pursuits ;qf physics and . chem
istry. The- college Is. being brought nearer
to' the workshop. There is less difference
between the educated 'and the uneducated
nuan.jand a better imuttial understanding
and appreciation: .-v. . ' v- ' . ! ' - ¦
Mexican carved-leather'gobds ahdCalj-
Jfornia^ souvenirs * of 'every v kind * at " Saii
bonr&" Vall's,"7ti-Markef street. V^ ;• .-.*
BY. F. E. ITTJXHOLLAND.
THE long-standing California rec
ord for six and one-half furlongs
of 1:19 3-5. made by Geraldine In
1891, was erased by Fred Cook's
crack pprlnter Tayon, i winner of
the fourth event at Tanforan yesterday,
which horse covered the route in 1:19^4.
Tayon is a prepossessing piece of racing
material when right up on edge, but the
impression generally prevailed that Head
water held him safe, and the betting Indi
cated as much, for Headwater, with
Thorpe up, closed a 9 to 5 favorite. After
Tayon the Macdonough- entry. Beau Or
monde, was next fancied. As is generally
known. Headwater Is a-horse that likes to
come from behind, and Thorpe followed
instructions to the letter. A few thought
he waited too long. At any rate, after
Sad Sam had stepped off a half in 47 sec
onds he was practically out of business,
and Domlnick on Tayon took the lead. The
last furlong the favorite closed up a
couple of lengths of intervening daylight,
but Tayon did not back up noticeably,
winning hard pressed by a half-length.
Mounce astride Beau Ormonde moved
along from sixth position, finishing in the
chow.
ICot only this particular number, but the
entire card, had a fresh look, calling out
a large gathering of turfgoers. It was
"blue Monday" so far as the favorites
were concerned, for Pat Dunne's Star
Chamber alone captured a purse. Still
the books did not keep everything in
eight, for Donator, Catastrophe. Louwel-
Bca and Tayon were well backed.
A mishap at the barrier spoiled the
chances of Hiudoonet, touted as the real
thins for the opening event and sent to
ihe j>oft favorite. When the bunch was
dispatched by Holtman, Hindoor.et in
some way got mixed up with the webbing
and was never h factor. Donator took the
lead from Rinaldo headed for home, beat
ing out the 15 to 1 outsider Gusto easily.
Alaska ran a good third.
Merops Js far from being the horse he
was last season. Favorite for the mile
and a furlon? selling affair, he led for a
mile, and then Bassinger began riding to
hold his position. . First Catastrophe, then
Faunette went by the choice, the former,
well handled by Gisbcrn. scoring by a
length. The winner was played from 7 to
2 down to 13 to. 5. ¦- . ¦ .. • - -
"Ex-Jockey' Tom Magee's . filly Muresca
made her second public appearance in the'
baby race, at four furlongs, and, a 7 to 10
favorite, was 'gnominiously defeated. She
looked rakish but altogether too light,
and was out of It before the paddock was
reached. Louwelsea, from Johnny Camp
hell's string, piloted by Thorpe, outfooted
Toreo Maid, getting the verdict by a neck.
Of the Quartet starting in the mile run
Star Chamber looked best, and 3 to 5 in
the ring early became a scarcity. ; For
over six furlongs Dr. Cave sifted along
looking like a winner, and then resigned.
There was nothing to it though when Tur
ner called on the favorite, for he waded
to the front and ¦won easing up from Dan
gerous Maid. Rosormonde ran as If her
best racing days were over.
Marty Bergen landed the last purse with
Silver Garter, a 20 to 1 shot, which downed
the favorite, Montallade. a nose. Marty
got his mount away well, lost no • ground
and cutting away at Just the right time
had his number displayed first by a very
narrow margin. Valencienne was plunged
on at 6 and 7 to 1. but went to pieces after
leading: to within a sixteenth from the
stand. . " '
To-Day's Entries.
First race — Five furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward; selling.
2150 Amasa Ill* 2290 Aluminum Ill
1276 The Miller Ill 2296 Gupto Ill
<22iO)Spry Lark 109 1502 Joe Mussle ....114
2231 Alas 106 2290 Mike Strauss. ..108
•241 Jennie 109 2175 Satan 108
2290 Vantine 106'<220S)St. Anthony 108
Second race— Four furlong*; two-year-olds;
purse. • .' '¦
2293 J. V. Kirby 103 2223 Cruzados 108
2283 Rieter JeanJe... 103 2273 Trma A ..'. 105
2201 Redan 105 227S Huachuca. 108
2279 Ogle 108 2261 Monastic 105
Third raoe— Five furlongs; four year-olds and
upward; selling. - " "• .
22<1 Clarando 109 2242 HermOFO .....:.114
228S Duckoy ...108 (2283)Dolly Weithoff.J09
2290 Nullah 106 2271 Mocorito .......108
2296 Loeonomo 108 2153 Mldlove 103
2271 High Hoe 109 2296 Asian ...Ill
2277 Tame IrlshmahlCS 17C4 Simon D Ill
Fourth race — Six and a half furlongs; maiden
three-year-clds end upward; selling:.
2278 William F ....111 2272 Cantinus .......110
2018 Sweet Voice ...109 2285 Cambaceres ...110
2272 Sailor 107 2272 Honduran .111
2276 Laicera 105 2266 Master Cal .....107
2271 Senator Matts..ll4 2276 Cerro Santa... .107
£272 Rasp 107
Fifth race— One mile and a sixteenth—four
year-olds and upward; selling. • ¦ -
K71 Phoenlssa 10S 2191 El Mido 110
2291 Alicia 103 2296 Alaska ; 107
2283 Free Lance 115 2222 Jim McCleevy.,108
2288 Rio Chlco 110 2231 Einstein 105
21S0 Nansea IOC 2217 Sunello 101
2291 Spike 106
Slxth race-^Sir and a half furlongs; maiden
three- year-olds and upward; selling:.
- 2276 Poeltlon Ill 2276 Robert J J10
2272 Plrata no 224S Illusion .........103
21S8 Alpha L#e 1(T. 2272 The Gaf fir 107
2272 John Welch 111 2276 Road AKent....l07
22S2 May Boy ,.111 20S6 Frank Duffy. ..Ill
2^2 Mlfford 114 22S6 Canejo 109
Probable. Winners.
FirM race— Jennie. Amasa, Vantine.
Second raee — Sister Jeanie. Huachuca. Cru-
WASHINGTON, April 15.— The State
Department has been advised through the
American Embassador at . Rome and the
Italian Foreign Office that Bar^n Fava
will be succeeded as Embassador from
Italy to this country by the Marquis Obiz
zo Malisplna dl Carbonara, at present Min
ister for Italy to the Argentine Republic.
The Marqufs.has had a wide diplomatic
experience and served in Washington a3
one of the attaches of the Italian lega
tion about ten years ago. He will receive
a substantial promotion by his new ap
pointment, rising from the. rank of Min
ister to that of Embassador.
Baron Fava, the- retiring Embassador, is
a man of remarkable diplomatic experi
ence, his service in behalf of his country
covering some of the most exciting pe
riods in Italian history. He is about 65
years of age and began his diplomatic
career as secretary of the : legation at
Trieste. He subsequently took a promi
nent Dart in, a successful effort to feder
ate the Italian states, and re-entering the
diplomatic service under the famous Car
bour Ministry he became First Secretary
at Berne. Thence in turn he went to The
Hague, to Constantinople, to Roumanla
and finally to Buenos . Ayres, where he
was Minister, just as his successor is to
day.
Baron Fava came to Washington in 1881,
so he has seen twenty years' continuous
service at the American capital. In 1893
he was dean of the diplomatic corps and
only relinquished the position through the
failure of his Government to' act as
promptly as the British Government in
the matter of raising their Minister to the
rank of Embassador.
EHiringr his /diplomatic experience here
the Baron has exhibited great tact and
has passed through some- trying condi
tions. During the incumbency of Secre
tary Blalne at the State Department oc
curred the killine of the Italians in New
Orleans, ¦which caused a serious strain
upon the relations between the United
States and Italy and incidentally led to
the recall of Baron Fava by his Govern
ment for a considerable time. Since that
event others of a like character have oc
curred, but they have all been settled sat
isfactorily, in large part owing to the tact
of the Embassador. . *
Baron Fava to-night furnished 'this
statement: "Baron Fava has not been
recalled. Owing to Important family af
fairs which require his presence in Italy
he has applied for his retirement. Baron
Fava on his return home will resume his
duties in the -Italian Senate."
Retiring Nobleman Has a Long Rec
ord of Success in Many of the
. Legations Throughout
the World
Prominent Diplomatic Offi
cial Will Now Succeed'
Baron Fava.
ITALY NAMES
AN EMBASSADOR
COURT CURBS
THE SMASHER
Mrs. Carrie Nation Is Or
dered to Depart From
Kansas City.
Magistrate Says ?'the Atmosphere of
Missouri Is Wot Y^t Adapted
for the Short-Haired
Woman."
Judge McAuley then gave his decision.
Missouri atmosphere," he said. "is
not adapted fcr long-haired men. short
haired women and whistling girls."
The crowd clapped loudly at the de
cision.
Mrs. Nation pleaded that she wished to
go to Liberty, Mo., within a few days,
and asked if she would be permitted to
pass through Kansas City, en route. Judge
McAuley answered in the affirmative,
but warned her not to stop off here. She
promised to leave the city Immediately.
remarking' that "the town was filled to
overflowing with hell- broth.".. A crowd
of. several hundred followed the joint
smasher as she left the court room and
made for a car, and. soon' saw her started
for the Kansas side.
When Judge MeAulev finally asked
Mrs. Nation what she had to say In re
gard to the charges placed against her,
the little woman arose Instantlv and de
lived herself of j a flerv tirade against
police . and court." She pleaded that she
was merely waiting for a car when, ur
rested, arid was making the best of her
time In the meantime by talking to the
crowd that had sathered. . - -
A policeman testified that • several car?
had passed without Mrs. Nation making
an attempt to board any of them. This
t-aUsed, Mrs. Nation's ire to rise, and she
flatly denied the statement.
"There was * no car in sight," shs
snapped, "and I want vou to know that I
am a lady and tell the truth." •
KANSAS CITY, April 15.— Mrs. Carrie
Nation, who was arrested yesteTday anr?
charged with obstructing the street, was
arraigned before Police Judge McAuley
this morning, fined S500 and r : ven untl* 6
o'clock this evening to leave town. The
Judge warned Mrs. Nation if she wag
found in the - city after that hour i »he
would be arrested and placed In Jail.S'ie
agreed to leave town, and fifteen minutes
later boarded a street car for Kansas
City, Kan. The fine will be held over
Mrs. Nation 'in ease she should return to
the city, and- until she Is released from
the court's order she is practically barred
from visiting Kdnsas City.
Mrs. Nation appeared, in court early,
accompanied by her brother and a woman
friend. The court room was literally
jammed, and the people filled the doorway
and crowded the hall. Several cases were
called . before Mrs. Nation's, and she
watched the proceedings with manifest
impatience. : i
California Cherries in Chicago.
CHICAGO, April 15.— The first box of
California cherries for the season of 1901
arrived and sold here to-day for |12. This
box contained ten pounds of fruit.
Featherweight Boxer Will Reach the
Scene of His Next Battle Some
Time To-Day— His Splendid Record
CHAMPION McGOVERN
DELAYED BY A WRECK
Defeats Headwater : Half a Length at
Tanforan— Marty Bergen Gets Home
First on ' Silver Garter at 20 to , 1.
TAYON ESTABLISHES
A NEW COAST REG0RD
THE SM FRANCISCO CALL, TUESIX^X,; APRIIi 16, 1901.
CALL'S RACIHG FORM CHART
4
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
Only Three Hours' Staging
To the prettiest, healthiest, most restful . place
in all California. Resident physician. Every
comfort and amusement. Rates— $10, *12. $14.
$15 and ?16 per week. Call on LEE D. CRAIG.
316 Montgomery St.. and see photographs of
hotel and surroundings.' We take pleasure in
writing full particulars. Address CRAIG &
WARNER.
CAMELLINE
For the complexion. Indispensable for the
Mountains and Sea Shore. Prevents and re-
moves tan, sunburn apd Infection from Poison
Oak. Indorsed by the medical profession. -At
all druggists. ' , >
DR. C C O'DONNEUL'S
MINERAL SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN,
the best camping, picnic and pleasure re-
sort on tho Coast. The greatest remedy for
lung disease, liver . and stomach complalnu.
rheumatism and catarrh In the world; 4>i
miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R. and S. F.
& N. P. R. R. give special rat"s to campers;
30 cottages and tents furnished ; rent cheap;
no fogs nor. poison oak at the park; mineral
water, boats and bathing free. Inquire of DIt.
C. C. CDONNELL, office -1021^ Market, bet.
6th and 7th, S. F. If you want your health,
pleasure and longevity this is the place to go.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND.
3tt Hours' Ride- From Los Angeles, Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IX THE "WEST.
Third Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club."
Eighth Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort.
The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL. METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLUB
always open: Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for campli>< and illustrated pam-
phlets, apply to
.. TOURIST INFORMATION BUREAU.
10 Montgomery st., Fan Francisco..
Or BANNING CO..
223 South Spring St.. Lcs Angeles. Cal.
YOSEMITE VALLEY.
"Via" Big Oak Flat and Tosemite Stajre Co.
Running directly through the Tuolumne Big
Tree Grove, El Capitan, Oh My and New In-
spiration points. Bridal Veil and Tosemite
Falls. Only 11% hours' staging on this route;
2V4 hours "flrst afternoon and 9 hours next day.
arriving at Yosemite Valley at 5 p: m. For in-
formation-call or address Win. J. 'White. Gen' I
Agent. 630 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel; tel.
Bla-ck • 3571.
LAUREL RANCH RESORT
"5 miles from station: beautiful view; moun-
tain scenery; good hunting, fishing In moun-
tain streams: short distance from Geysers;
daily mall; $7 per week. Further particulars
address- G. H. BLACK, Geyservllle, Sonoma Co.
BELLEVUE HOTEL.
P. O. EL VERANO. Cal., Verano Station
(Kings Crossing)), on California Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral baths near by. Terms,
Jl per day and upward. PETER GOUILHAR-
DOU, lessee.
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
.Two miles from ¦ Hopland: best medicinal
¦waters in the State; fine hotel and first-class
table; rates $10 and $12; housekeeping cottages.
O. HOWELL. Hopland, Mendocino Co.. Cal.
SUMMER HOME FARM,
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS— FIRST-CLASS
family resort; main hotel aad cottages;
hunting and fishing; artificial lake for boating
and swimming: long-distance telephone; camp-
ers', return tickets, J2 oC-, open the year round.
Send for circulars. •
J. H. HAESTERS, Glenwood. ' Cal
GOOD FELLOWS' HOME,
AMID THE MOUNTAINS OF MENDO-
dno. Visit this quiet little- resort for
solid comfort For particulars apply to 8.
STRATTON. 3 Eighth street. City.
MOST ATTRACTIVE PLACE IN LAKE
County -to spend a vacation. Boating,
bathing, bowling, tennis, livery, new -walks
end boats. Write for circular. EDGAR DUB-
NAN, Laurel Dell, Lake Co.. Cal.
LAUREL DELL LAKE
SKAGGS HOT SPRINGS gfS&^fSSS
from San Francisco; but 9 miles' staging;
waters noted for medicinal virtues; best nat-
ural bath In State; swimming and boating;
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, dally
mail and express; flrst-clas<i hotel anil stags
service; morning and afternoon stages: round
trip from San Francisco only $5 50. Take T1&-
urort ferry at 7:30 a, m. or 3:30 p. m. Terra*.
$2 a day or $13 a week. References— Any guest
of the past six years. For further Informa-
torn address J. F. MULGREW. Skaggs. Cal.
WII I (1W PAVPH former proprietor XV.
nlH-UW MAN UH Crandell— A summer homi
In the redwoods, 5 miles from Santa Cruz;
running .water, swimming, croquet, abundance
of fruit, home cooking: table speaks for itself.
For particulars, TUL.ET & ILIF"". Santa Cruz.
GLENBftOOK.
Just th« place to enjoy your vacation. Various
amusements. Plenty large & smal game. Table
& beds unsurpassed. Rates only J3 & $10. Infor-
mation at Traveler office. 20 Montgomery st
or address O. W. R. TREDWAT. Proprietor*
Glenbrook. L*ke County. Cal. "-?
manager.
THE GEYSERS, gsSSS!"
ONE OF NATURE'S . WONDERS. NATU-
ral steam baths; BWlmmlng, fishing, hunt-
ins and livery. "Write for pamphlet. L
WERTHEIMER. manaeer. -
HOTEL MOUNT VIEW
Changed hands. Will hereafter be open the
year round. Bus meeta 11 o'clock train from
city at present. The culinary department will
receive specall attention. For rates and par-
ticulars address HOTEL. M-TJNT VIEW Rosa
Valley, Marln -Co. Cal.
MOUNTAIN VIEW RANCH, near Santa
Cruz, In heart of the mountains; among
the. redwoods; first-class accom.; very reason-
able terms; telephone, swimming tank, croquet
and amusements: daily mall; new lmprove-
rrtentg; our well-known table la our recommen-
dation. Round trip campers to Glenwood. incl.
stage. $3 75. Frank R, Dann. Santa Cruz.
Weekly CaU,$1.00 p§? Yea?
SAN JOSE
CARNIVAL OF ROSES.
HOTEL ST. JAMES.
Fi^t Equipped Hotel la the 3 tat*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LOOKING BACH
To the time when she was plucked froic
the very grasp of death, the natural im-
pulse of the womanly heart is thankful-
ness for the means which saved her,
and a desire to help .
other women in like fS^Srf»x
case. Those are the lgf&2&si&
motives which fl&gjlg'ip
prompted Mrs. Eva
Burnett to write the
accompanying testi-
monial to the curative K
power of Dr. Pierce's fM£Mrf*fl7W
Favorite Prescription. ' Rf^J$jS»V7
This is only one cure w MTOBr^
out of thousands. I^o Jt S/5^^ffliK
one would dare say Mi n^^Wi
that the average fe'&fM
woman was not as tM|KW,ra
truthful as she is O«ft?*KrJRj
good. And it is the fmi&wrfk
truthful testimony of 4^^Mf|ljw "'
the average woman AJviC'MRltJft
that "Favorite Pre- BW^^j^m
womanly diseases jmMlBffl^n^^Q
means and medi- x^^^S^lw'^^^^S
cines absolutely
lishes regulaiitj r , x^gy^^T
dries the drains which weaken women,
heals inflammation and ulceration and
cures iemale weakness. . It tranquilizes
the nerves, restores the appetite and
induces refreshing sleep. . ' . '
' « I have intended for some time to -write to
. you," says Mrs. Eva Burnett, of Russellville. Lo- .
gin Co., Ky., "and give a testimonial in regard to
what your medicine has done for me. My baby
came in July, 1S89, and I had congestive chills.
aad lay at death's door for ten "lone -weeks. I
was in a dreadful condition and had sir of the
best doctors of the city. After^ everything had
bear done and I haa been given up to die I
esked my husband to get me a bottle of Dr
Pieroe's Favorite Prescription. He had no faith
in it, but he got it, and -when I had taken it two
¦weeks I was able to walk- to the dining room
to my meals, and by the time I had taken three
bottles I was able to cook for my family of four.
I can never praise Dr. Pierce and his medicine
enough." " • .
Dr. -Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cure bili-
ADVEBTISEMEUTS.
ifli CARTERS
JW jTiCfj^nPBr MuCb S3 n m B M JM
'SIGKIHEADAGHE
Positively cui*cd by these
- Little PH1«.
They also Tejicve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating: A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, -Drowsiness. Bad Taste
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PHI. . Small Dose.
• Small Price. .
J visit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
{museum of anatomy^
1 ¦ £"fc 1051 XASZS? ST. ttt. 6£&7a. BJtJBA d
W 9r " The tareest Anatomical Museum in the \
A . ' Tjl World. Weaknesses or any contracted B
V fi§Ts3& disease p«»»U»««-ly c»r«<d hjr the oldest \
0 ¦ jrC %g| Specialist on the Coast Est. 36 years. 0
A flfSjf 1 DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF. MEN 4
\ V&i&^il Consultation fne and strictly priyatr. \
M f TS«7h Truatment personally or by letter. A D
T H fr\i 9 iVnfiv« Cur« in every case undertaken. T
1 8 4 (I ft Write for Book. PHILOSOPHY of A
T ' II ll^* BAKItlACE. MAILED FREE. (Af
\ U Jl valuable book for men) \
F DB. JOBDAX * CO.. 1051 Market St . S. F. V
*
.^^ Every Woman
W^K™ MARVEL Whirling Spray
\\\o§CV^ • "wi» and Suction. Best-Saf-
Xi\vVtsCnr^S&»s^ est-MoKt ConTenlent.
1^'/^!^ IlCl»uM«U«taaU7.
AAjnTttmgtHtt^ra^ \V fiSLm . i sy.^^Jj^ I
If h« cannot supply IH« \J&r% <5 . ,
other, twtnend sump for H- . N >\ / "Mtfhf
full D»rtlcnl»r» »nd directions In* »*&;.'#., IS
Tmlu*t>leu>la41e». MABlTKr, CO., «*f/^'///J»4r
Boom Tline«Bd*.,.>iewYorJt. . «^Ht^j>^
Genuine stamped C. C C Never sold In bulk.
Beware of the dealer who tries to sell
something "just as good.
SI0;-#fe RUPTURE: CURED
*a£m&^^Ite for rEM dollars.
S!&SfiMi3l?S3uNS£!iS?- Thousands hare been cared
•'jj/jftiEuSBu&Bl&SW&t' at their own homes for this
f??^^$*l2 ¦ssS^k.^*S Binail price, greatest ln-
yentionof the Age, Sccur-
lty and comfort to the mi>-
tared. >"o worthless oalTes
or lotions to rub on. It does
¦ VtV '** '<^» the work. Investigate!
•'Bo«k!»t!Co. 1" tAyins full information mailed, lmmcdi-
ttnVr on recetnt \e. stamp and this adTt. Call or address
BAOHETIC * TRUSS ; CO. «^ a.rk.t str«i, SAN FRANCISCO.
§ n@tfl&iwiiWk j wZffjpf*N&fsr&£^ "^-Ssa^ff^"" _ Sr»
made "that it. can V§8|||i||f V ; v -
be tied up in any t@11|P^ :
a large .bow," a : ;.":,• V
fGurMh-hiand or an Ascot. 'You practically have
. -three ties in one. . • - . ;. ;:
.• It is' r.riiade-..-: of English twilled silk of the \
finest quality, and the patterns are polka dots, »
stripes and plain shades, brocaded: - In this '
\ tie yGirhave extreme fashionand' utility com-
' bined';for only * . .; • ¦; ... . '\\ •
: : . t}\J\* \;,-; ...
.;¦/¦ * ; •.'"*'. — — — — — — —'•"¦'" v ; - •¦¦¦¦¦.
- Out-of-town orders filled— write us. .
1718 Market Street. .
1 •^massKBBMBamuaBJBnuKms&^BisawammaKmmtm^amaumnMaaBMfc^BmKB^TO SAIL.
TUESDAY, APRIL 16.
George McGinn, the aged shoemaker,
who was run into by a Haight-street car
last Thursday, died yesterday at his resi
dence, 20^ Twelfth street. The Coroner
will hold an inquest.
Died of His Injuries.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office. TJ. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
April 15. 1901.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time. .
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N., in charge..
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED. .
Monday, April 15.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, 53% hours from
Portland, via Astoria 45% hours.
Schr Mary C, Campbell. 8 hours from Bo
dega.
Stmr Navarro. Hansen. 12 hours from
Bowens Landing.
Stmr North Fork, McLellan. 24, hours from
Stmr Mackinaw. Littlfleld. 80 hours from
Seattle.
U S stmr Wisconsin, Reiter, i days from
, Picnic.
- The parishioners of St. Peter's Church
assembled last Sunday evening after ser
vices in St. Peter's Hall for the purpose
of taking steps toward the erection of
a new parochial residence. The meeting
was called to order by D. F. Keefe and
Dr. J. H. Doyle was selected to serve as
secretary.
It was decided that the proceeds of the
next annual parish outing: be devoted to
building a priests' I house to replace the
old structure now used for that purpose.
The project was first broached at the re
ception given to Father Casey after his
return from abroad and Instantly met with
the encouragement it deserved. Much en
thusiasm was shown by those present and
the outing gives promise of being a great
success. The carishioners of St. Peter's
Church have always been noted for their
readiness to contribute to the wellbelng
of the parish, as proven by the Easter
collection, which amounted to a considera
ble sum. and will be devoted to the build
ing fund.
Chairman Keefe appointed John Kenny
L.. Cull. Joseph I. Twohlfr. Thomas Doyle
and John E. Behan a committee to confer
with the railroad officials regarding the
selection of a suitable park for the picnic.
Later on he will appoint committees to
take the active management of affairs in
order to insure a large gathering.
WTLL CONSTSUCT NEW
PAROCHIAL RESIDENCE
Parishioners of j St. Peter's Church
Arranging for Their Annual
for Santa. Rosalia.
PRAWLE POINT— Passed April 12— Br ship
Albyn, hence Dec 22, for Queenstown; Fr bark
Touralne. hence Nov 1, for Queenstown
LIVERPOOL— Arrived April 14— Br ship Arfl
namurchan, from Fraser River. . ¦
VANCOUVER— Arrived Aoril 14— Schr R W
Bartlett. from Port Harford.
ACAPULCO— Sailed April 12— Stmr Colon,
for San Francisco.
"WELLINGTON— Arrived April 13— Br stmr
Royalist, from Auckland.
LONDON— In port March 31— Br ship Rivers
dale, for San Dlejro. •
AXTWERP-Salled April &-Br bark Norma,
for Tacoma.
Nor ttmr Thyra, Edvardsen. Manila: U S
Government.
Stmr Walla "Walla, Hall, Victoria; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Ohio. Boggrs, Manila: TJ S Government.
• Ship Standard. Getchell, Bristol Bay; Alaska
Salmon Co. .
SAILED.
Monday. April 15.
Stmr Alcazar. Martin, .
U S stmr liosan, Stlnsen. Manila.
Ship .Tchn Currier, Murchlson, Bristol Bay.
Brig- Consuelo. Page, Mahukona.
Schr Western Home, Christiansen. Coos Bay.
Stmr Newsboy. Ohlstrom. Albion and Re
dondo.
Stmr President, Anderson, Bristol Bay.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Bridsett, Ventura.
SPOKEX.
March S, lat 3 N, Ion 21 W— Br shla Bar
flllan, from Hamburg, for Santa Rosalia.
April 2, lat IS X, Ion 24 W— Fr bark Cam
bronne, from Barry, for San Francisco.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, April 15, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind SW, velocity 14 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORIA— Arrived April 15— Stmr Columbia,
hence Arril 13.
Sailed ADril 15^-Br bark -Ruth-well end Br
ship Khyber, for United Kingdom. ¦
EUREKA - Sailed April. 14-Stmr North
Fork, tor San Francisco.
Arrived Aiiril 15— Stmrs Samoa, South Coast
and Westport. hence Adi-11 13.
Sailed April 15— Stmr Pomona, for San Fran
cisco; utmr Alliance, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO-Arrived April 15-Schr Louise,
from Umpqua.
Arrived April 14— Stmr Acme, from Tllla
mook.
Arrived April 15— Stmr San Pedro, from Eu
reka. ' ¦ ¦ .
Sailed April 15— Schr John A, for Grays
Harbor.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed April 15— Bktn Chas
F Crocker, for Kobe.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Salted April 15—
Stmr Greenwood, for San Francisco.
Arrived April 15— Stmr Sequoia, from Fort
Bragg. : *
SEATTLE— Arrived April 15— Stmr Hum-
Doldt. from Dyea.
NEAH BAY— Passed out April 15— Schr Com
merce, from Victoria, for Santa Rosalia.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed April 14— Schr Com
peer, for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived April 15— Br stmr Duke
of Fife, from Japan; stmr Matteawan. hence
April 10. . ¦ . . ..
- Sailed April 12— Stmr Colon, for San Fran
cisco.
Sailed April 15— Schr Wm F Smith, for Syd
ney.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed April 15— Shio
Gov Robie. for Honolulu.
In port March 24— Br bark Dunfermline, for
San FranciscQ.
SYDNEY— Arrived April 14— Schr F M Slade.
from Gravs Harbor.
VICTORIA— Sailed April 14— Schr Commerce.
Ma<rdalena Bay.
Nor stmr Kvarven, Kanitz. 90 hours from
Nanalmo.
Br stmr Bristol. . Mclntyre, 3% days from
Oyster Harbor.
Schr Ida Schnauer, Sorenson, 11 days from
Port Gamble. •¦• -
Schr Jennie Griffin, Campbell. 5 hours from
Schr ItalDh J Lonff, Isigkelt. 48 hours from
llendoclno.
CLEARED.
_ , Monday. April 15. •
Stmr Bonita. Nopander, San Pedro; Gcodall.
Wisconsin's Great Guns Pour Broadsidesat Heights of Mag
dalena Bay in Target Practice— Nippon Maru Encounters
Fierce Gales During Her Last Trip From This Port
PROTEST AGAINST
HIGHER LICENSE
Supervisors to - Reconsider
. Bill Raising Tax on
Street Cars.
Grand Jury Did Ifot Recommend In
crease — Ordinance Eliminating
Certain Territory From
Fire Limits Passed.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday re
referred to the . License Committee the
ordinance increasing the license tax on
street cars from $15 to $50 per annum.
Comte stated that the ordinance was hasU
ily passed to print on the alleged recom
mendation of the Grand Jury, whereas
only two of its members had requested Its
passage.
Two protests were filed against the in
creased license, one by Vice President
Holbrook of the Market Street Railway
Company and the other by Secretary
Clayton of the San Francisco and San
Mateo road. The former says:
Claims Notice "Was Not Given.
The Market street company does not wish
any litigation with tne city and desires not
to be forced into the courts to protect its
rights. Its stockholders number nearly six
hundred and its franchises are contracts of
the most binding character. There was in
corporated In these franchises a provision that
no greater sum than J15 per annum should be
Imposed as a license tax upon each car. The
tax on Its franchise ucts the city over $200,000
per year. Besides this it pays over *7»,000 for
repairing streets. This makes its contribution
to the public revenue amount to over $1000
per day. In addition the . company transports
iree of charge the members of the Police and
Klre departments and the school children lor
tall-fare. Tl« company Is entitled to pro
tection, not only from infringement of Its
ltgal rights, but also from such an unfair
tax as Is attempted in the proposed ordinance.
Secretary Clayton asked that the mat
ter be referred back to the committee on
the ground that the companies had not
been officially notified of the contemplated
raise. He refers to the franchise of the
company, which provides that no greater
sum than $15 per annum shall be collected
on the cars. His communication con
cludes:
It is unfortunate that this Question was
brought up at this time. The railroad com
panies receded from what they believed was
a legally Impregnable position in the matter
of half -fares for school children. The privilege
was conceded as a conciliatory measure — in
fact it was a chance of policy, that If the
railroads showed a disposition to treat the
public with consideration the public would not
be less generous to the railroads. At the very
first meeting after the concession there is
passed to print an ordinance more than trebling:
the license on street cars — passed In the most
arbitrary manner, without even offering the
railroad companies the courtesy of listening- to
any legitimate objections they might have to
offer.
Secretary E. P. Danforth of the Grand
Jury informed the board In a communica
tion that the ordinance increasing the li
cense was not the result of any recom
mendation of the Grand Jury, but of two
members only. Messrs. Dunn and Badger.
He states that the original resolution pre
sented by Dunn ¦was lost by a vote of
15 to 1. Afterward Dunn asked to have
the resolution reconsidered and that mo
tion was lost.
Dunn Sends Communication
Dunn also sent a communication, in
which he says that he informed the Grand
Jury that he would present the substance
cf the recommendation, that the license be
increased, to the Supervisors, signed Indi
vidually or with such other Grand Jurors
as approved the same. Dunn says fur
ther:
In connection with the Grand Jury com
munication now beforo your honorable body I
have to state that thirteen Jurors being pres
ent, seven voted to send it while six voted no.
It will be seen that a minority of 6even has
V£ed the name of the Grand Jury, which con
sists of nineteen members. It seems there is
an Intention to use indirectly whatever pres
tige may attach to tlie name of the Grand
Jury to prevent the final passage of the or
dinance.
The protest of the Fire Commissioners
against the elimination of certain terri
tory from the fire limits was referred -to
the Kire Committee, The commission
claims that the Supervisors have no au
thority to reduce the area covered by the
present limits nor to change them, except
by extension. The ordinance denning the
limits was, however, finally passed by the
board. '. > .
The ordinance imposing a license of $40
per annum on runners and solicitors'
agents was finally passed.
The ordinance for the prevention and
punishment of frauds upon street rail
roads in connection ¦with the pupils' half
fare ordinance was finally passed.
"Water Front Notes.
Reinsurance rates were announced yes
terday as follows: On the John McDon
ald, out 209 days from Baltimore to San
Francisco, 85 per cent; on the Grand
Duchess Olga, out 101 days from Tahiti to
tho United Kingdom, 30 per cent, and the
Manchester, out 236 days from New York
to Yokohama, 30 per cent.
Police Officer Henneberry had a lively
encounter on. East street yesterday after
rioon ¦with a number of soldiers. He ar
rested a man dressed in the uniform of a
sergeant of cavalry, and was taking him
to the Receiving Hospital. The man gave
his name as John Lynch and admitted he
¦was not a soldier. .Henneberry was sur
rounded by a howling mob, an alarm was
rung in and Sergeant Shaw and posse,
dashing up in a patrol wagon, rounded up
five soldiers. They were charged with dis
turbing the peace at the Harbor Station,
but, on the. arrival of an armed guard
were released on order of Chief of Police
Sullivan and placed on board a transport.
Uippon Maru Has Boug-h Trip.
Recent advices from Yokohama indicate
that the Nippon Maru of the Toyo Kis jn
Kaisha line. Captain W. W. Greene com
manding, had a very rough time on her
last voyage from this port, commencing
on February 9. Scarcely had the Nippon
Maru cleared the Golden Gate than her
nose stuck into a gale which lasted until
within a few hours of Honolulu. After
leaving the Island port more trouble was
encountered. On February 21 a big sea
cerried away the gangway ladder and
awnings on the upper deck, besides twist
ing the iron stanchions. On February 23 a
heavy squall, accompanied by thunder
lightning and a heavy rain, made things
un comfortable for all on board. On March
5 the seas broke over the bridge. Yoko
hama was reached on March 10. The
steamer had 60 cabin and 200 steerage pas
6en£-ers.
Launch of Freighter Alaskan.
Another big freighter will be launched
at the "Union Iron Works during the pres
ent month. Saturday, April 27. has been
selected as the day when the Alaskan will
elide off the ways. She is a great deal
larger than the Californian and has a
carrying capacity of 11.500 tons dead
¦weight. She will be provided with twla
screws, and triple expansion engines. The
dimensions are 495 feet over all, 471 be
tween perpendiculars, 57 feet beam and a
depth of 35 feet- A sister ship, the Texan,
is now being built at Camden, 1C. J. The
Arizcnian, the latest of the line, will fol
low the Alaskan on the Union Iron Works
ways. T. - '_ - -
THINGS were lively at the tran
sport dock yesterday, the Logan
pulling out into the stream prepa
ratory to leaving for Manila, while
work on the Thyra. which will
take the place of the disabled Arab, was
being rushed. The Thyra will "carry 650
horses and 1500 tons of supplies and will
get away some time to-day.
The Logan, which sailed at 5 o'clock,
carried a large passenger list, includ
ing Congressman Hull, chairman of
the House Committee on Military Affairs;
W. A. Pelliam. special agent of the Treas
ury, and M. Wi Langhorne, "Marshal of
the Court of China." The complete list
of cabin passengers follows:
Judge L. R. Willey, Congressman J. A. T.
Hull, wife and daughter; John Gibson, G. A.
Vawter Judge A. F. Odlin. wife and two chil
dren; M. A. Haynes, \V. A. Pulliam. M. W.
Langhorne; Mrs. Carleton. two daughters and
servant; child of Captain P. E. Tripp; Mrs.
Reed- Mrs. Alexander, two children and nurse;
Mrs. 'Gurovitz, Mrs. Meyer. Mrs. Connich and
four children Mrs. Hughes, Mrs. Longlni,
Mrs. A. E. Williams, Mrs. Captain Batson and
two children. Lieutenant Colonel D. A. M.
Charles. Major A. L. Meyer, First Lieutenant
G H. Shelton, Second Lieutenant J. C. Hay,
Captain P. M. B. Francis, Captain A. Guerrino,
First Lieutenants H. Alexander. W. Hocker,
E A. Meyer; Dr. A. D. Williams, Eleventh
Infantry; Major M. B. Hughes, Captain L.
Cornish, First Lieutenant C. Toung, Second
Lieutenants S. Pearson, E. Calvert, J. i..
Fechet, Ninth Cavalry: Captain R. D. Read
Jr Captain P. E. Tripp. Captain Guy Carle
toi£ First Lieutenant T. A. Robert. Second
Lieutenants C. A, Remain, F. W. Fonda.
James Hueter; T. C. Longinl, A A. S., Tenth
Cavalry: Mrs. Caldwell,. Mrs. Gibson, Master
Ellison, Mrs. Clifford. Mrs. Henderson, Mrs.
Anderson, Mrs. Cooper. ._¦
Practice and Maneuvers.
The military complement of passengers
consisted of ten officers and 339 men, com
prising. the First Battalion of the Eleventh
Infantry; six officers and 324 men, com
prising the Third Squadron of the Ninth
Cavalry; eight officers and 338 men of the
Second Squadron of the Tenth Cavalry,
and five officers and two companies of the
First Infantry. There were also eight
male and twenty-two female civilian em
ployes, fourteen children and eleven men
of the Hospital Corps.
WISCONSIN BACK FROM CRUISE.
Went to Magdalena Bay for Target
The United States battleship "Wisconsin,
Captain Reiter commanding, returned
from her maiden cruise yesterday and the
officers and men speak loudly In praise
of her sea-going qualities. The "Wisconsin
left here on March 12 for Magdalena Bay,
an average speed of 10 knots being main
tained going down, the bay being reached
on the morning of the 17th. As soon as
the preliminary preparations had been
made, target practice was indulged in.
Every gun on the ship was fired and the
results are considered remarkable, espe
cially in view of the fact that the crew
has been in service only six months. A
mountainous bluff was whitewashed and
marked off to resemble a ship. Every
shot struck. The big guns were fired at
ranges of 2600 and 3400 yards.
Then the men were landed and all kinds
of drills were engaged in. The Mohican,
was in the bay at the same time and two
races were held between the rival crews
for purses of $S0 and $40 each. The Wis
consin's gig crew won the three mile and
a half racw*y three minutes and the ap
prentices won the- second race of two
mile3 by twenty seconds. Considerable
money changed hands on the results.
In his report of the cruise to the Secre
tary of the Navy Captain Reiter sneaks
highly of the results. Out of 444 men in
the crew 137 qualified as first-class marks
men, 156 as second class and 86 as third
class. The prize-winners were fifty-nine.
They were required to make 66 points out
of a possible SO. The highest individual
score was 75 out of a possible SO.
The concussion of the big guns did but
little damage, although a couple of chairs
were knocked down, one smashing the
panel of a door In the after cabin.
Going down the -trip was made under
four boilers, but on the return trip six
were used. As the vessel has not been on
the dry dock since she was launched slow
time was made. The "Wisconsin left Mag
delena Bay last Thursday and came in
through a dense land fog yesterday morn
irg.
Sailing 1 of Ventura Belayed.
Charters.
Owing to the non-arrival of the English
mails, the sailing of the Oceanic Steam
ship Company's steamer Ventura has been
set for Thursday at 10 o'clock. She has a
large passenger list and a heavy cargo.
The Katie Flicklnger will load lumber at
Kureka for Mollendo. at 65s; chartered prior to
arrival.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United. States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) Rbout
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both Places.
Park Museum Relics Recovered.
A portion of the relics stolen from the
Park Museum were recovered by De
tective Harper yesterday morning. They
were sold for a trifle bv some soldiers to
a person, whose name the police do not
care at present to Jlvulce.. They wen;
purchased under the beliel that they wer»
trophies from the Philippines. It Is ex
pected that the remainder of the articles
sto.en will be recovered to-day.
Brooks Street Not Public.
City Attorney Lane aivised the Super
visors yesterday that under court deci
sion? Brook street, running from Market
to Gk-ary through the Blythe block, is
not a public thoroughfare. He advices
that the property be taxeo. this year, and
as It escaped taxation last year, that it
be assessed at double its value, under
Eoctloo 3'.49 of the Political Code.
Playing cards, peker chips, crib boards,
dice and tally cards. The very be^t
assortment and the lowest prices. Fo>
pale in leather goods department. San-
\ a'l & Co., 741 Market street. •
NOTE— In the above exposition of ths tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
1-and column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
<Jey: the third time column pives the last tide
of the day. except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
The communication from Associate-1
Creditors of the city, requesting action ois
the payment of their outstanding claims,
was referred to the Finance Committee to
arrange a meeting for the purpose.
The amended ordinance submitted by the
Merchants' Association, regulating sign*
projecting over the public streets, was
passed to print. The ordinance prohibits
bulletin beards and signs on the edge of
sidewalks and permits the maintenance
of clocks without advertising thereon.
The clerk was directed to collect from
each applicant for a special privilege the
sum" of $10 for printing charges, i
The petition of the Municipal League
for the ordering of an election for a new
bond issue for the acquisition of the Park
panhandle, new schools and a sewer sys
tem was referred to the Judiciary Com
mittee. • ¦
The petition of the janitors of the City
Hall for an increase In salary was re
ferred to the Printing and Salaries Com
mittee. The petition is indorsed by the
Superior Court Judges and Justices of
the Peace.
The Fire Marshal submitted, with the
recommendation for its passage, a pro
posed ordinance regulating and controll
ing the storage of oils and explosives.
The ordinance providing for the pay
ment of fees for inspection for altering
or erecting building's was passed to print.
McCarthy unsuccessfully opposed the in
definite postponement of his substitute,
providing for the supervision by th«
Board of "Works of repairs of building
without payment of fees.
The ordinance authorizing the expend!
ture of 5500 by the Mayor for the Memo
rial day celebration was adopted.
Regulating Heights of Buildings.
The ordinance limiting the height of
fire-proof buildings to 170 feet and of non
flre-proof buildings to 104 feet for seven
stories and eighty feet for six stories was
recommitted to the Judiciary, Fire and I
Building Committee. The protest of thu i
Hayes Valley Club of Progress and Im
provement and the San Francisco Archi
tects against the passage of the ordinance
was referred to the same committee.
The petition of J. L. Flood for permis
sion to erect a fireproof building, 180 fe^t
in height, on the' lot at Market, Powe'l !
and Ellis streets was referred to the Firo j
Committee.
Petition for Bond Election.
Supervisor Reed yesterday submitted a
resolution to the board of which he is a
member providing for the reapportion
ment for the building of schools, sewers
and a hospital of the interest and sink
ing • funds of $208,500. collected in taxes
last year on bonds since declared invalid
by the Supreme Court. The resolution,
which was referred to the Finance Com
mittee, follows:
Whereas, $193,375 was appropriated !n the last
tax levy for the principal and interest of th<»
rroposed park extension bonds. $3500 for sewer
bends, $6S75 for school bonds, J2750 'for hospital
bonds, making a total of $208,500- and whereas
the City Engineer has reported to this board
that the expenditure of J221.02S for the recon
struction of certain sewers Is a pressing neces
sity and has urged the board to extend the
dollar limit of taxation in order to provide for
the same. Now.' therefore be it
Resolved, That it Is the sense of this Board
of Supervisors that of the said $208,500 levied
to meet the principal and interest of bonds for
Public improvements, the Issuance o£ which
has since been prevented by an adverse decision
of the Supreme Court, th.at $100,000 be appor
tioned to the reconstruction of the sewers men
tioned in the report of the City Engineer, $S5C0
for the improvement or the hospital and the
balance, or $100,000, to the building of new
schoolhcuses-. and be it further
- Resolved That the Finance Committee is re
iiuesteJ t«. apportion the said money as herein
indicated.
City Hall Janitors Ask for Increase
in Salary — Ordinance Imposing
Fees for Building Erec
tion Passed.
Reed Asks Board to Use the
Interest Fund of Invalid
Bonds.
WOULD ERECT
SCHOOL HOUSES
TRANSPORT LOGAN DEPARTS
AND THYRA WILL SAIL TO-DAY
raE^^NrFR^C^SCO CALL, TUESDAY, . APRIL 1 6^ ; 1901. *
TRANSPORTS LOGAN AND THTRA, THE FORMER LOADED WITH INFANTRY AND CAVALRY AND THE LAT
TER WITH HORSES AND SUPPLIES, LYIXG IN THE STREAM, READY TO SAIL FOR MANILA. AND THE
SOUTHERN SCENE OF HOSTILITIES.
Steamer Movements.
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast * Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) sl&n precedes the height,- and then
the number given 'Is subtracted from the depth
r.iven by the charts. The . plane of reference
tl the mean of the lower low waters.
TO ARRIVE,
5
S-un rises 5:33
Sun sets-. g : is
Moon rises./. '. 3:42 a. m.
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft- Ft. Ft. Ft.
L W H W L, W) H W .
16 ... 3:1* O.S 9:C5 S.I . 3:M 1.1 9:45 ~SJS
17 ... 3:59 0.2 50:34 5.3 4:03 1.2 10:25 6.1
18... 4:« — 0.3 11:50 5.3 4:43 1.6 11:01 6 3
19 ... 5:31 —O.S 12:27 3.2 5:27 l.S 11:41 6.3
20 ... 6:221-0.9 1:24 5.1 6:12| 2.2
|H W jL W |H Wl L W
•1 ...1 0:271 6.3i 7:13 —O.S! 2:2ll 5.0 7:f3l 2.6
2? ...| 1:15? 6.1| S:10— O.Sj 3:20! 4.9 7:5S| 2.9
• Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Arcata Coos Bay Apr. 16
Tulton Grays Harbor Apr. 16
Pomona Hunibol.lt ; Apr. 16
Doric China and Japan Apr. 15
Corona Newport Apr. 17
Tmatilla .' Puget Sound Ports.. Apr. 17
£anta Barbara- San Pedro Apr. IS
Hyades :. Oyster Harbor Apr. IS
Acme San Pedro Apr. 18
Santa Rosa San Diego Apr. 18
Point Arena Point Arena Apr. IS
South Coast Humboldt Apr. 18
Australia Tahiti ; Apr. 19
Colon Panama & Way Ports. Apr. 19
Progreso Tacoma Apr. 19
-Argo Coquille River. Apr. 19
Eureka Humboldt Apr. 19
Columbia :. Portland and Astoria.. Apr. 20
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom Apr. 20
Newburg Grays Harbor Apr. 20
Queen San Diego Apr. 21
Crescent City. . . Crescent City Apr. 22
Tanls Hamburg & Way Pts.. Apr. 22
City of Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports Apr. 22
Steamer.
Destination.
(Sails. I Pier.
• April 1O. 1
Grace Dollar. Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
Empire. Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Eureka. Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
-Nome City.... Seattle direct 4 pm Pier 2
\\ alia \\ alia. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Bonlta. Newport' 9 am Pier 11
Mandalay Coquille River .... 10 am Pier 2
April
China China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Limarl Valparaiso & Way. 12 m S.W. 2
Queen San Diego 9 am Pier 11
April IS.
Arcata Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Santa. Barb... Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
Robt. Dollar.. Seattle Pier 2
G. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
North Fork..*. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Acme Tlllamook Bay Pier 13
Ventura Sydney & "Way Pts 10 am Pier 7
April 1«.
Corona Newport 9 am Pier 11
City of Para.. Panama '& Way... 12 m PMSS
April 20.
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Jeanle Nome via Seattle.. 2 pm OHWk
Leelanaw N. Y. v. Panama. 2 pm Pier IB
April 21.
ITmatllla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Santa Rosa... San Diego 9 amIPier 11
April 22.
Australia Tahiti direct 2 pmjpier 7
Steamer.
Destination.
(Sails. I Pier.
• April 1O. 1
Grace Dollar. Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
Empire. Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Eureka. Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
-Nome City.... Seattle direct 4 pm Pier 2
\\ alia \\ alia. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Bonlta. Newport' 9 am Pier 11
Mandalay Coquille River .... 10 am Pier 2
April
China China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Limarl Valparaiso & Way. 12 m S.W. 2
Queen San Diego 9 am Pier 11
April IS.
Arcata Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Santa. Barb... Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
Robt. Dollar.. Seattle Pier 2
G. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
North Fork..*. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Acme Tlllamook Bay Pier 13
Ventura Sydney & "Way Pts 10 am Pier 7
April 1«.
Corona Newport 9 am Pier 11
City of Para.. Panama '& Way... 12 m PMSS
April 20.
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Jeanle Nome via Seattle.. 2 pm OHWk
Leelanaw N. Y. v. Panama. 2 pm Pier IB
April 21.
ITmatllla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Santa Rosa... San Diego 9 amIPier 11
April 22.
Australia Tahiti direct 2 pmjpier 7
S-un rises 5:33
Sun sets-. g : is
Moon rises./. '. 3:42 a. m.
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft- Ft. Ft. Ft.
L W H W L, W) H W .
16 ... 3:1* O.S 9:C5 S.I . 3:M 1.1 9:45 ~SJS
17 ... 3:59 0.2 50:34 5.3 4:03 1.2 10:25 6.1
18... 4:« — 0.3 11:50 5.3 4:43 1.6 11:01 6 3
19 ... 5:31 —O.S 12:27 3.2 5:27 l.S 11:41 6.3
20 ... 6:221-0.9 1:24 5.1 6:12| 2.2
|H W jL W |H Wl L W
•1 ...1 0:271 6.3i 7:13 —O.S! 2:2ll 5.0 7:f3l 2.6
2? ...| 1:15? 6.1| S:10— O.Sj 3:20! 4.9 7:5S| 2.9
• Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Arcata Coos Bay Apr. 16
Tulton Grays Harbor Apr. 16
Pomona Hunibol.lt ; Apr. 16
Doric China and Japan Apr. 15
Corona Newport Apr. 17
Tmatilla .' Puget Sound Ports.. Apr. 17
£anta Barbara- San Pedro Apr. IS
Hyades :. Oyster Harbor Apr. IS
Acme San Pedro Apr. 18
Santa Rosa San Diego Apr. 18
Point Arena Point Arena Apr. IS
South Coast Humboldt Apr. 18
Australia Tahiti ; Apr. 19
Colon Panama & Way Ports. Apr. 19
Progreso Tacoma Apr. 19
-Argo Coquille River. Apr. 19
Eureka Humboldt Apr. 19
Columbia :. Portland and Astoria.. Apr. 20
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom Apr. 20
Newburg Grays Harbor Apr. 20
Queen San Diego Apr. 21
Crescent City. . . Crescent City Apr. 22
Tanls Hamburg & Way Pts.. Apr. 22
City of Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports Apr. 22
OCEAN TRAVEL.
TeiIep 7 J5ehring 7
Golofnin, etc,
S.S..JEANIE,
• P. H. MASON. Master. .
S.S. THRASHER
T. L. ELLIS. Master.
Will leave San Francisco on
SATURDAY, April 20, 1901
THRASHER goes DIRECT, TO NOME.
JEANIE pops by wa >* o' Seattle, leaving that
port on April 18.
S. S. VALENCIA. J. M. Lane. Master. leaves
San Francisco May 24. 19C1. and Seattle May
30. 1901, for Nome, Teller, Behring. Golofnin.
etc.
For passage and freight apply to
PACIFIC STEAM WHAUNG CO..
30 CALIFORNIA ST.. SAN FRANCISCO.
Cor. of First ave. and Yesler way. Seattle.
J 7
Steamship Ruth
OV. S. HIGGINS. Master.)
Leaves San Fraacisco on or
abont Way 20th, via Seattle,
Leaving that Port May 26th.
For passage or freight fates call or address
H. R. DUFFIN. Agent. ,
638 Market Street, opp. Palace Hotel.
SAN FRANCISCO.
_ , __^__^__^^_
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW T0SK. SfUTHlMPPO*. LOfDON. PASI3.
Stopping st Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis ..April 241 St. Louis.... "..... May 15
New York May I 1 New York May S2
St. Paul ....May S'St. Paul...: May 23
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp. .
From New .York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Kensington ....April 24|Southwark May 13
Zeeland May llVaderland May Tl
Frlesland .May 8 Kensington May 23
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY
- ~\ CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.'
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU :... Friday, May 3. 1301
SS. AMERICA MARU. Wednesday, May 29. 1M1
SS. HONGKONG MARU.SiUurdav, June 22. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, comer First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.
Twin-Screw Fxoress Service. .
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
A. VICTORIV- APRIL II, IO A.M.
COLUMBIA. MAY 2. ID A.M.
F. Bismarck...... May 9/Deutschland '....May IS
Twin-Screw Pass?ng«sr .-service.,.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG
Patricia Apr. 271 'Batavla May 11
Waldersee May. 4' Pennsylvania ...May IS
•Sails to Hambure direct.
rjfrnburq-^m^rlcan Line. 37 o'way. N. Y.
•HERZOG &CO., General Agents for Pacific
Coast. 401 California st.
PAGIFIC.STEAM HAViGATiON CO,
CIA SUD AWERIC *NA "E VAPO1E<?
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Ontral
acd South American ports. Sailing Section ti
Seawall. 12 m. "*
LIMARI Apr. 17|GUATEMALA .May 13
PERU :May »» PALEXA May 33
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral: and South American passenger service
(No change at Acapulco orPanama.) Freight
and passenger office. 318 California street.
. BALFOUR, GUTHIUE & CO.. Agents.
OCEAN TBAVEL.'
Pacific Coast. Steamship Co,
GOLDF1ELDS.
THE STEAMSHIP
CITY OF PUEBLA
WH1 Sail
1 From San Franc, sco May 26
Connecting at Seattle with the company's new
and splendid
Steamship Senator
For Nome Direct.
Leaving SEATTLE May 30tl».
The Senator made five trips t.> Ncirie" last
year, being one of the first to arrive there,
landing all her passengers and freight without
Iobs, mishap or material delay.
For passenger rates apply TICKET OFFICE.
4 Now Montgomery street
GOOITALL.. PERKINS & CO.. O?n. Agts..
10 Market street.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
ffy Steamers leavn Broadway
fe^ wharf. San Francisco:
' 'Mteii. For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m..
itft&Sfev April "• 1S - :1 - : "- Ma y *•
X^TvVv Change to company 1 * steam-
&\S*k3wV3 *" at Seattle.
ivSj&Slrl MAl For Victoria. Vancouver (R.
'jSE2C*>-3S2u C). Port Towmend. Seattle.
L Tacotr.a. Everett. Anacortes
and New "Whatcom (ffart.)-
*** 11 a. m.. April H. 18. 21. 2S.
May 1, • and every fifth day thereafter.
Chans© at Seattle for this company's steamers
for AlSska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. April
13, IS, 23, 2S, May 3, and every fifth day there-
after. " •
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles) — Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m.;
steamer- Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Santa Crtii. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucoj. Port Harford (San Luis Oblgpo). Gaviota,
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro <tios An^eles> and Newport—
Steamer Corona, Fridays. 9 a. m. ; steamer Bo-
nlta, Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Knsenada. Masrdalena Bay. San Jo«» del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Alfata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia ir.d Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. nv. 7th each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
foMer?.
The company reserves th* rigrht to chan**
ittramers. sailing dat*« and hours of sailing
wlthmtt r>r»vloin notloe.
TICKKT OFFICE—* New Montgomery
street . (Palace TTotelV . ' •
GOODALt, PERKINS ft CO.. Cen. Affts..
'-¦ in Market «t.. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
Only Steamship Line to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Sh-rt Rail Ll-e fpcm Po-ttand to all
prints East. Through t'ekefs to all
prints, all rail or «tearn*hio and rail, at
. . LOWEST HATES! •
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meats.
PS. rOTXMBIA Sails Apr. 13. 23. May S
SS. GEO. TV. ET.DKR.Sa'ls Apr. 8. IS. IS. May 9
" E. C. WARD. General A«r»nt.
1 Montgomery St.
eceaase&.5.io. ss^^ro
SS. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia
.„ Thursday. April 18. Him
SS. AUSTRALIA, for TahlU
.'. Monday. April 22. 4 p. m.
SS. MARIPOSA (Honolulu cnly>
Saturday. April 27. 2 p. m.
I D.SFECKU k BBSS. CO., Eneral Agent*. 32? Sartet St
?ai'l Pasnss Offirs, 5 13 Hirirt St.. rhr la. 7. Kill St
.: PANAMA. R..R. fig""*
TO KW YORK VIA PAH/MA DIRECT.
Cabin. $105: Steense. $1O.
S. S. Lcelanaw sails Saturday, April 2O
S. S. Argyll sails Monday, May . 6
S. S. sails Monday. May 20
¦ From Harrison-st. Wharf. 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market rt-
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.'
CCKPAQNIZ GINZBALZ TBUHATLANTIQUS
U1KECT LIXE TO HAVRE-PARIS. e.*,^.
balling every Thursday, instead of </$JCJPm
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier «. -^"«?**»
North River, foot of Morton street. First elau
to Havre. K5 and .upward. Second class to
Havre. $43 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA. 32
Broad-way (Hudson building). New York. J. T.
FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Mont-
gomery avenue. San Francisco. Tickets sold by
all Railroad Ticket Arents. ,
BAY AND RIVEB. STEAMEK3.
FOR U. S. !UVY YAF.0 AM VALLEJD.
Steamer " MontlceHo."
MOX.. TUES.. WED.. THURS. AND SAT.
at 9:45 a. m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (except Thurs-
day night): Fridays. 1 p. m. and 8:30 Sundays.
10:30 a. m., S p. m. Landing and office. Mia- ,
Rloa-st. Dock. Pier So. X Telephone Mala UOs.
•2t^^Bil»7 JKQ£^J^2 j9^^i9|bH f Ty^^LjgJ ¦R^i^^t^S *Vl" J '-% BXu jSw IjSVi »
$The rapidity with which remnant; accumula'e in a store'%
% serving thousands of customers daiU is almost incredible. %
g Short ends and broken si\es accumuLU here, not by ih:%
J dozens nor bv the hundreds, but by the thousands. In%
J addition to the odd si\es and broken lots (ffered in the'*
* Men's five sections of the Dry Goods p.vi\
jj I of the housi are anxious jo dispise of their short ends'*
k and broken loU, and the special induce m nt to buy is ar.
*? further reduction of ' x
| One-Quarter fo SShe-TfoireS \
| From the Already Reduced \
i Remnant Prises. \
g Laces— Embroideries — This has teen a great lace?
Jf season, "anci we find ourselves heavily overstocked with lace and embroider/^
H remnants. The very late.-t fane'es in trimin:ng materials — the assortmtnti soS
" large impassible to describe them. To-day only, OiiG-thlPlI Off'Jt
j£ already leiuczd remnant price?. There are remnants o£ — 3j
Jf AI'-Ovcts Embwdcrics Trrenvngs Chiffons Lbtt' Silk* S
8£ Yokings F.n: Lacts Dr.s; Braids Mcu sclina Dr s; N:ts 9
y Press GootTs R-mnxmts — Almost every stvle of col--^
% ored dress goods trut comprses tne b'g store's summer stock is represented injf
*[ to-day's Dress Gocds Remnant Sale. These short lcrgths have ar.ady be:nj{
af mark d at reduced p:ic*s, but for to-day on'y we make a further allowance •*
a? of one-quarter off* S
|l . Ken icuas Alba.ross Venttiaa: Cievroti Etc., Etc. &
* Ribbon R mr.ants — 3000 or more short lensths from{|
JJ a dig season's se ling. Remnants of ve'vet ribbons, taffeta ribbons, fancy 3c
j£ neck ribbons, satin ribbons, etc. All on special sale to-day only at Cfl2~ «j
K quart Sr Off arrady reduced remnant prices. S
tf Curtains and Drap sries— Hundreds of short leng'h?-;
j£ of Den:m, Curtain invi-s, Curtain Net, Cretonne, Upholstery Gocds and^i
|f • Oriental Stripes, together with several broken lots of Cushion Squares arui'J
>£ Tops, all marked for Tuesday's Sale at a further . reduction of OI1G~-*
i quarter off m |
g CALIFORNIA'S I-ARGEST -AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORF \
THE EMPOHIU3I.
THE EUPOEIITM.
| i §£&&&& yw^s'lk is tHf39*sI \?iot*5i without ffiolcf Bust* fjBlack Troops Welcoming- Governor Kohler, Lorn;, Togoland.
The Czar of Russia, :.s an evidence of good faith.
might at least permit the students to appeal to the
Peace Congress and give it seme work to do.
• .. It ...is. a long time, yet before the next Presidential
election; but already some effervescent patriots in the
country ; are nominating Funston arid Roosevelt as a
strenuous ticket. .-....' ... ' \ .
The local yellow shset "appears *to be daily more
completely than ever the victim of freaks and fakes.
The Pullman car nightmare and the bogus Clark en
gagement ; are models cf yellow journalistic unreli-
German officials are* denying that their Government
is making an exorbitant demand for indemnity from
China. They! probably think that any'claim less than
for the earth would-be reasonable under the circum
stances. '" .. - " V .
The local Civil Service Commission appears not to
understand just what rights have been left to it by the
Supreme Court. This condition of ' affairs should
continue, as indecision will at least keep the commis
sion out of serious mischief. •
The Emperor of Austria has conceived, it is said,
a very deep affection for the Crown Prince of .Ger
many. This may account for the interesting fact that
in reciprocation the Emperor of Germany has a very
deep desire to possess some of the lands of the Em
peror of Austria.
"Jf was -the first pay day in the office of
the Commoner, and Editor Bryan was
looking over the salary list, wrapping un
little packages of silver coin, and marking
them with the name? of the employes to
whom they severally belonged.
"Who is this?" he asked, as he came lo
the last name on the list.
- '.'That is the printer's devil." replied the
foreman of the office.
"What!" faltered the editor, "is the
devil to pay so soon?"
- This being what the crowd was waltinjr
for. there were roars of delighted laughter
and applause. — Chicago Tribune.
"See here, sir," exclaimed the success
ful manufacturer to his dilatory bookl
keeper, "you are not as attentive to bu^i
ness as you might be. It has been my
rule, through life to be at my desk earlv
and late, and ' . • ¦ 4 ¦*
"Me, too," replied he. "Sometimes I eet
there early and sometimes late."— Catholi^
Standard and Times. U1U " C
He poised a drop of ink upon his pen
"What thoughts this crop may give th*»
world," he said.
The drop fell on his shirt front— ah wpil'
Then . - ' weu -
His thoughts rolled out like hailstones
oft a shed.
S:^ —Chicago Times-Herald.
"You call him a powerful orator? Why
when he spoke of the abyss that confronts'
our. nation the people yawned." v ' oniroms
"Certainly. He made the people actual
ly see the abyss yawn, and you know how
infectious yawning is."— Detroit Journal
Binks— Jinks Is continually telling me
what a lucky fellow you are.
Kinks— Yes, but I don't like the way he
expresses It. Every time he meets nw he
says: "Kinks you - re a lucky man. You
don t seem to have anything on your mind
at all. —Indianapolis Sun.
A CHANCE TO SMILE
DEMOCRACY being in need of a new leader
and not perceiving any sign of one in the do
main of national* politics is now engaged in
looking for the object of desire among politicians of
local repute. In the search attention has been natu
rally given to the" three Democrats who were suc
cessful in the municipal elections in Chicago, St.
Louis and Cleveland. Neither of the three would ever
have been thought of iri times past as a Presidential
probability, but times have changed, and now each of
them has a circle of admiring friends who suggest that
h? would make an excellent substitute for Bryan on
tlie next national Democratic ticket.
All suggestions of that kind in regard to Harrison
of Chicago have met with rebuff ' the moment they
were heard of outside the city. Mr. Harrison is too
well known. The supporters of Wells of St. ' Louis
have also had to face a cold reception.'. Mr. Wells 'is
not sufficiently known. Thus the third man,
the noted Tom L. Johnson of Cleveland, has some
thing that looks at this stage of the game like a walk
over. At least he is so far ahead of his rival municipal
magnates that unless some man of national repute de
velop an unexpected stiength, or some dark horse as
yet unheard of be brought out, it is probable that for
a little while at least Tom Johnson will have -the big
gest Presidential boom in the Democratic camp.
The friends of Johnson assert that he possesses ex
actly the faculties that are needed in a leader and a
statesman. Heis'-a successful man* of businessman
ardent politician, a consistent Democrat to the extent
at least that although opposed to free silver he sup
ported Bryan, and, finally, is said to. have the vim,
vigor and energy that are required for success.' . He is
better and more widely known than Wells of St. Louis'
and not so thoroughly known as Carter Harrison:
People have heard of him outside of his own city'.and
his own State, a'nd have not heard anything ; worse'
about him than that he is a Bryanite. Finally,, as his
friends never fail to add, he is an Ohio man. .-
By way of disclosing to the people at large the
quality of their candidate the friends of Johnson are
chculating the story: of how he defeated a scheme
TOM L. JOHNSON HAS A BOOM.
Spring has opened up in the East this year with
more than its usual severity; where there have not
been wind storms there have been floods; and the
Pacific Coast appears to be theonly part of the Union
where one can sing without swearing the good old
refrain: "Hail, gentle spring."
It is probable that whenever the small college is
assailrd that sentence of Webster's will rise in its de
fense.
Dartmouth is identified with one of the greatest
professional triumphs c 1 Daniel Webster. In thar
case he established a precedent in favor of vested
rights which long stood undisturbed. It is worthy of
rote that, incident to that celebrated case, was the
charge by the opposing interest that Dartmouth was
a small college. This fv.rnished Webster' the oppor
tunity to make one of the few displays of sentiment
known in the presentation of cases before the Supreme
Court of the United .St-itcs. In his oral argument tc
that dignified bench he r.aid: "It is true that Dart
mouth is a small college but there are those who love
it." No phrase could b? more simple, but uttered by
Webster, in a voice that perceptibly broke, it brought
bctore the mind's eye cf the grave Judges and of
many in the distinguished company within the bar of
the court all the pleisure and the pathos of early,
memories and the debt due for sound training in somt
small college or humble school and the beginning
therein of honorable careers. It is # said that a thrill
seemed to pass through the audience and the robed
court, and every man was for an instant a youth once
more, with ambition swelling his heart and the fu
ture rising before him like a land of enchantment.
The sons of Dartmouth are widely scattered over
this country and the world, and everywhere bear tes
timony to the soundness of their mother college.
He will find here no unfriendly atmosphere. When
antagonism between the smalland large colleges ana
tuuversities was suggested not long ago President
Jordan nobly vindicated the smali institutions and de
clared that mere size was no guarantee of usefulness
and excellence. President Wheeler was equally m
phatic in demonstrating that the heads of our great
institutions feel no jealousy of the small ones.
In the discussion of ihe proposition "no small col
lege was more frequently quoted as an example than
Dartmouth. The presence of Dartmouth's president
In California suggests that such institutions may se:
their future welfare in such visits as Dr. Tucker. i«
n-aking.
At first glance it ii somewhat difficult to see at
v.hat point legislation could unfavorably affect the
small colleges. Still, t'.iere are many ways. The value
of the degrees they confer may depend upon their
corporate existence, in«i the law can take the life
of a corporation or ;o enfeeble it as to destroy the
force upon which its influence depends. The use"
of the power of taxation has proved a potent weapo'i.
We have seen it used hy the Federal Government to
destroy State banks of issue, and, lifted out of its
primitive purpose, which was the raising of revenue,
it is invoked to impair the manufacture of certain
articles which compete with products already estab
lished. Of this the oleomargarine legislation is an in
stance. As most of the small colleges aresupportel
by private contributions, many of them depending
upon religious denomiiv-lioris, it is shrewdly suspected
that this novel movement originated with the people
and the denominations' which bear the burden of their
endowment and maintenance. It is by no means. an
unlikely supposition. But, whatever its origin, the
proposition did not find favor with the thinkers and
educators of the country. The small colleges have a
record that cannot be impeached and by their work
have proved their right to exist.
DURING the past winter there appeared in sev
eral States a tei!d"ency toward legislation un
favorable to the continued existence of small
colleges and universities. The origin of the move
ment was obscure. It was not traced to the direct
a^encj- of the large institutions. The institutions
which enjoy a large private endowment seemed as
clear of the charge of promoting it as did the great
Stite universities. Yet the movement was apparent
and threatened to become formidable. . . i-Jl
DARTMOUTH COLLEGE.
The influence of Germany in the Pacific
has been brought - about chiefly, through
the work of chartered companies. > Her
protectorate in China over the territory
German Authority in China,
Such was the condition of things when
Germany entered Africa, where most, of
her colonies are, and precipitated the-par
tition of that continent in 1884. Up to that
'time the colonization movement from the
political point of view had not found
much: favor in the eyes of German offi
cials. Even as late as' 1884 Prince Bis
marck asserted that It was not . the In
tention of Germany to found provinces,
but rather to promote, trade . enterprises
(kaufmannische unternehmungen). He
had in mind giving charters to trading,
companies, as England had done earlier,
and such charters, guaranteeing protec
tion '_ were issued in 18S5 by, the. Emperor
to two companies, the "Society for Ger
man Colonization" and the "New Guinea
Company." •
• Yet in spite of the want ; of initiative
on the part of the . Government, there
grew up . on its part, after the founding
of the empire* the practice of settling Cer
tain difficulties which arose in the colo
nies; this in turn led to Germany's assum
ing control over those colonies. whose ter
ritory was not under the immediate con
trol of other nations. Thus, in southwest
Africa, where British protection had dwin
dled to almost nothing. Germany stepped
in ; and established between - 1884 and 1890
a protectorate over considerable territory
just northwest of Cape Colony. In much
the same way, and by making treaties
with the native chiefs, protectorates were
established even earlier over Togoland
and the Cameroons. along the Gold coast.
After the protectorate on the west coast,
such protectorates became a positive pol
icy on the part of the" German Govern
ment.' In the scramble for territory which
followed between Germany and the other
nations. Germany secured between 1885
and 1S50 the territory in East Africa,
which is her largest colony. .-.. ' •
Hand in hand with the aroused interest
at home, another factor looking to the
holding, of colonies was . the growth . of
the German navy, which not only took
large numbers of German sailors and ex
plorers over the seas and acquainted them
with new countries but was absolutely
necessary before territory could be held
in distant lands. .
Charters for Colonizing Companies.
It was reserved for the German Colonial
Society, founded at Frankfort, December
6, 18S2, to turn attention to a . country
where the political control of territory
might be obtained— Africa. By the follow
ing year this society had a membership of
over 3000, which since then has increased
to considerably over 20,000. The year fol
lowing its organization it gave the colo
nial movement a great impulse by issuing
a manifesto in which it stated that the
activity of the society would be directed
toward certain districts, especially the
basins of the Niger and the Congo, where,
it was urged, the German Government
should take steps to prevent other Euro
pean nations from getting a foothold.
Even as early as 1881-2 Prince Bismarck,
urged by these different societies, had en
tertained serious plans for acquiring a
hold in the Congo basin. A, year or two
later, after asking the Chambers of Com
merce of Hamburg, Bremen and Lubeck
to express their views as to what would
be the most effective means of protecting
and encouraging German trade in Africa,
Bismarck received replies pointing to an
nexation. The Hamburg Chamber of Com
merce especially urged the annexation of
independent coast regions. General inter
est in the movement was fostered by the
publication of jnany books on the subject,,
as well as periodicals, of which Export
and Deutsche Kolonlal Zeitung are repre
sentative.
Turning Attention to Africa.
In 1868 another most important society
was organized, whose objects were "the
study of those lands in which organized
German settlements already exist; the
study. of the social and commercial condi
tions and the spread of information there
on; the promotion of emigration to regions
where settlers of German origin* are al
ready established Under conditions favor
able to the genius of the German people;
the promotion of intellectual and material
intercourse between colonial' settlements
and the Ge.rman fatherland, and', lastly,
furthering the establishment of trade and
navigation and the acquisition of colo
nies." This society, which- was called the
"Central Society for Commercial Geogra
phy and the Promotion of .German Inter
ests Abroad," had its headquarters in Ber
lin, with branch establishments in the
leading cities of the empire, and even in
Brazil, the Argentine republic and New
South Wales. In. the decade following a
number of othor societies were organized,
with branches wherever German commer
cial interests could be promoted. These so
cieties, however, while directing their ef
forts toward countries where large cum
bers of German settlers were to be found,
were I directing them toward , countries
where political control was out of the
question, as the territory was already un
der the jurisdiction of other nations.
Another Important Society.
Brazil. A considerable share of emigra
tion was turned to that region, where to
the present day there are numerous flour
ishing German colonies, or, as they would
better be called, settlements, for the terri
tory which they occupy belongs to the
Brazilian Government.
Cost of German Colonies.
The total cost of administering the col
onies in 1808-9 was nearly $5,000,OQI}.- while
the revenue was considerably less than
$1,000,000. the deficit of about $4,000,000 be
ing met by imperial grants. Togoland
alone is self-supporting, having a reve
nue and expenditure of about $100,000.
Many of the imperial grants are made for
the purpose of building railroads and
bridges, improving harbors, etc., and as
yet it is too soon to look for returns. It
is an investment with the hope of returns
at a later day. Nor has trade with her
colonies increased Germany's commerce to
any considerable extent. In 1S96 the value
of all the imports of the colonies amount
ed, in round numbers, to $5,600,000, while
the value of their exports was only $2,900 -
000. Of the imports of the colonies Ger
many sends but 42 per cent, while Great
Britain and her possessions send 25 per
.cent, and vario«s other colonies are the
scene of steady development. In Africa
the territory is. being surveyed, a scien
tific meteorological service has been estab
lished and various experiments are being
made in developing the natural resources
of the country, so that of all the colonies
there those of Germany bid fair to be the
most fully studied and the best known.
Even if they should not become com
mercially profitable; Germany, no doubt
will continue to hold its colonies for the
sake of political power and prestige.
A glance at the map will show that
nearly all the German colonial territory is
in the tropical or subtropical regions, and
is, therefore, not well suited to German
emigrants, and but few have gone there,
as the above figures show. The larger por
tion of these emigrants still go to more
congenial regions in the temperate zones.
So far, therefore, as colonizing her own
emigrants goes, the German movement
has not been a success. Nor has it been a
success as yet from the financial point of
view.
¦ Togoland, on the Gold Coast, has an
area of 23,000 square miles and an estimat
ed population of 2,500,000, of whom only 107
are Germans. An imperial governor rep
resents the empire there. The Cameroons,
situated farther down the coast, have an
area of over 191,000 square miles and a
population of over 3,50tr,000. Of this num
ber only 425 are Europeans, and of these
only 348 are Germans. The government is
administered 1 by an imperial governor.
German Southwest Africa has an area of
322,450 square miles and a poulation of
about 200,000. There are 2S72 Guropeans,
of whom only 1557 are Germans. An im
perial commissioner administers the gov
ernment. German East Africa has an area
of 334,180 square miles and a population of
over 4,000,000.- Of these 1090 are Europeans,
£81 being Germans. In Togoland and the
Cameroons the chief products are palm
oil, palm kernels, caoutchouc, ivory, bark,
cacao and coffee. Southwest Africa-ex
po: ts hide3, horns, ostrich feathers, tan
ning materials, guano and raw hides.
From East Africa the chief exports are
ivory, gum, • cocoanuts and hippopotamus
tusks. The islands of the Pacific under
German influence have an area of nearly
100,000 square miles and a population of
400,000, and are all under the direct control
of the New Guinea company, excepting
the Marshall Islands, which are eon
trolled by an imperial commissioner. The
products are, of course, tropical. Since
1894 the control of all the colonies has been
in the hands of the imperial chancellor.
Germany in tlie Colonies
is controlled by an imperial governor and
a garrison of 1500 officers and men.
The surest and safeit way" of getting good citizens
to the polls is to nominate men in whom such citizens
have confidence, and for whose election they are will
ing to work and to voh\ A compulsory law might
force such men to go tc the polls, but if they liked
the candidate of neither party they would scatter their
votes and no particular bertefit would result from.it.
The advisability .of compulsory voting has, however,
been so lorlg discussed that it would be well to have
a commonwealth of the first rank, make an experiment
with it, and if Pennsylvania enact such a law the rest
of the country will watch the result with keen interest.
It will be conceded that absenteeism from the polls
is a grave evil/ for strangely enough the absentees
£.re generally of the better class of citizens, the men
upon whom a community depends for- the election
of capable and honest officials. Anything which can
induce the attendance or such men to their political
duties is beneficial, but it is doubtful whether a com
pulsory voting law would have that effect. It not in
frequently happens that the good citizen remains away
from the polls* not because he is indifferent, but be
cause he has sound reasons for objecting to the can
didates of his party.* lie remains away as a rebuke
to the bosses, as a means of proving to them that they
cannot count -on the vote of good citizens when weak
men or "ring" men are nominated.' .
A similar condition of'affairs prevailedjin Chicago
In the . strong Republican 'wards - of that city the
Republican vote fell off 37 per cent from the vote of
last fall, and throughout all. the wards there was^an
almost equal decline in the voting strength of the
party. In that city, then, as well as in St. Louis,
Democratic victory implies no increase of Democratic
strength, but only a spirit of political apathy on the
part of thousands of citizens who usually vote the Re
publican ticket.
, Upon that showing there has arisen in the East a
discussion of the advisability of enacting a compulsory
voting law, imposing penalties upon the citizen who
willfully neglects that important duty. A bill of the
kind is now before the Pennsylvania Legislature and
appears to have a fair chance of passage. • !
A COMPARATIVE study of. the votes cast at
the recent municipal elections in St. Louis an'l
Chicago shows tliat the Democratic successes
were due solely to the* fact that Republican voters ic
mained away from the polls in greater numbers than
Democrats. Thus in St. Louis the Republican vote
in the Presidential election was 60,608, and the Demo
cratic vote 59,941. In the recent election the Repub
lican vote, fell to 34,84c", while the Democratic vote
was 43,012. It will be seen that' upward of 17,000
Democrats stayed at home on the day of the muni
cipal election, or voted for the "Municipal, Owner
ship" candidates, while about 26,000 Republicans
showed the same indifference to the contest.* .
COMPULSORY VOTING LflWS.
In questioning recruits for the German army re
cently the military authoiities of the Fatherland made
the startling discovery that one out of every three ap
plicants believed that the German Emperor is every
thing which he is not. The most casual observer i.$
qualified to.- predict the character of .the first lesson
which these recruits will be taught.
LOS ANGELES— F. A. "W.. City. Los
Angeles is the county seat of Los Angeles
County.
JARRETT AND PALMER-H. L. D.,
City. The Jarrett and Palmer troupe that
came across the continent on the light
ning train in June, 1376, gave its- first per
formance on the night of the 8th of June,
the play being "Henry V," with Lawrence
Darrett as King Henry.
FRUIT IN IOWA— A. O. S., Newcastle,
Cal. Fruit grows in all parts of the Stats
of Iowa. Among the native fruits are tha
plum, crab. apple and cherry; the nuts in
clude hickory, hazel, pecan, black wal
nuts and butternuts. Grapes, apples and
pears are abundant and the usual variety
of small fruits and garden vegetables
thrive well. -
' TANNING ¦ SKINS— C. "W. O., Hilton.
Cal. The following is given as the
method for tanning any kind of skin
with the fur on: "Cut oft the useless
parts and .soften the skin by soaking. Re
move the fatty matter from the Inside
and soak in warm water for an hour.
Next mix equal parts of borax, saltpeter
and glauber salts in the proportion of
about half an ounce of each for each
shin with, sufficient water to make a thin
paste; spread this with a brush over the
inside of the skin, applying more on the
thicker parts than on the thinner. Double
the skin together, flesh side inward and
put in a cool place. After twentysfour
hours wash the skin clean and apply in
the same manner as before a mixture of
one ounce of salsoda, half an ounce of
borax and two ounces of hard white
soap melted slowly together without be
in? allowed to boil; fold together again
and put in a warm place for twenty-four
hours. After this dissolve four ounces of
alum, eight ounces of salt and twa^ouncea
of saleratus in sufficient hot rainwater to
saturate the skin: when cool enough not
to scald, the hands soak the skin in It for
twelve hours, then hang it up to dry.
Kepeat «oaking and drying two or -three
times untir the skin is sufficiently soft.
Lastly smooth the inslde f> with fine sand
paper and pumice stone."
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
WASHINGTON. April 15.— The following
Calif ornians have arrived: -Shoreham — H.
T. Scott; L. T. Scolt, San Francisco; L.
S. Waterman, Santa Barbara. St. James
—Mr. and Mrs. R. 3. Tousley. California.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON"
The German colonies and protectorates
are "spheres of influence" rather- than
colonies in the usually accepted sense of
that term; and they lie In Africa, the Pa
cific Ocean and China. The aggressive
movement for territorial extension began
during- the Chancellorship of Prince Bis
marck, -with the rise of the German navy
and the organization of a large number
of societies, whose chief object was the
extension of German commerce. The first
of these societies was organized as early
as. 1843, in Dusseldorf, for the promotion
of .emigration to Brazil. Other similar so
cieties were soon established, some di
recting- their attention to Texas, some to
the . Mosquito coast and still others to
Nicaragua and to Chile. ; In 18S9 a society
was founded at' Berlin for the purpose of
directing colonization toward Southern
along Kiaochau Bay. which is the most
recent acquisition of importance, was
brought about by the murder of
two German missionaries, who had
lived for some time in an inland"
village, wherevtheir presence had become
obnoxious to the natives. They were pre
paring: to • celebrate a church festival In
a manner which offended the natives. Tna
result was an uprising, in which the mls-J
sionaries were murdered. Time was not
allowed the Chinese in which to make an
investigation. Within two weeks a Ger
man sauadron appeared in the bay. Ad
miral Diedrichs, who was in charge of
the squadron, was greeted with courtesy
by the Chinese officials, who looked upon
his. visit as one of ceremony — and so it
was. An indemnity for the murders, con
trol over 2740 square miles was obtained,
with mining and railway concessions in
the province of Shantung:, and a German
protectorate was established. The prov
ince has a population of 84,014 Chinese and
NEW YORK. April 15.— The following
Californlans are in New York: From San
Francisco— J. Bellenger. at the New York:
A "\V*. Brown, at the Gerard: P. Bush, at
the Herald Square; Dr. J. Q. Dixon. at
the Grand: Mrs. Dare, at the Park Ave
nue: A. L. Hempon. at the Herald Square;
Miss Hoffakcr ana J. Hoffaker. at the
Park Avenue; R. Knipht and wife, at the
Morton; Mrs. I* McCreery, at the Hol
land; J. S. Maguire, at the TJarlboroush:
L. A. Maison, at the Imperial: Miss Mc-
Gee, at the St. Denis; J. Mendelson. at
the Herald Square; J. W. Nelson, at the
Imperial; C. P. Scott, at the Holland; Mrs.
E. Utley. at the Grand tTnlon; Mrs. C. W.
"Wheeler, at the Holland; C. P. Downing,
at the Amsterdam: R. L. Irving, at the
Marlborough; W. Jackman, at the Herald
Square: A. Stettlner. at the Imperial.
From Los Angeles— R. H. Brown, at the
Imperial; C. V. Roy and wife, at the Cos
mopolitan; J. W. Thaycr, at the Cadillac.
From Pasadena, Mrs. Swan, at the Grand
Union.
CALIFOEITIAUS IN HEW YORK.
TUESDAY. : . - • - ..,. APRIL 16. 1901
-
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. -
""' 'kitTtas^Tco^mwa^iKS t> W. 8. LEAKS. Kmajer.
MAXAGER'S OFFICK. .^'jj • Tc 2TJ^J^SS^!!!i^l
I'l'DLICATIOX OFFICE. . .Market and Third, S. P.
Telephone • Presn SOI.
KDITORIAL UOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Tclepbonc 1'renw 2O2. •
Delivered *»y Carriers. 1.1 Cent* Per Weelt
Slnclc foplcH. 5 Cents.
Term* »>>' 3IalI, ¦ Including Pontages
DAILT CALL, (Including Sunday), one year *«.00
PAILT CALL Sunday). 6 months 3.00
PAILY CAL^» (including Sunday), 3 months l.SO
DAILT CALL.- By Single. Month 6'>c
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1.00
All pomtmantcrH nrc authorized to receive
¦DliHcriptlonx.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mail FubscribPm In ordering: change of address should be
particular to give both XE1V AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAXD OFFICE ...1118 Broadway
C. GKORCK KItOG.XESS.
Kacagt r Foreign Advertising, K arqaetts Building. Chictgj.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
C C. CAHLTOX. Herald Square
ICEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
6TEPHEX B. SMITH 30 Tribune Daildln?
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -A etoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square:
Murrey Hill Hotel. - .
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern. Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
PARTISAN 'rancor, worked out through > the
courts of law,, or directed to the destruction of
their independence, has been checked in two
Southern States, and the check must somewhat re
pair the self-respect of the people of that section.
The Kentucky Supreme Court has granted new
trials to, the two men convicted of the murder of
Goebel. The crime itself was an appalling assault
upon civilization. The offenses of Goebel against the
suffrage were corrigible by legal methods and by or
derly processes. They were scarlet sins against the
genius of free government. But free government is
a worthless fiction unless it carry within itself the
means for peacefully righting every wrong that may
be committed against it. If assassination is. the only
resource in such a case the government is worthless;
it has no self-healing." power and only cumbers the
earth with something in;t useful to mankind.
The assassination of Goebel was a confession that
5:i the conception of its authors free government is a
failure and a fraud, and that the 'only basis of social
order is force, not publicly but privately "and crimi
nally administered. But Judge Cantrill's court accepted
just that view of government, only amending it so
as to make a court of tew the instrument of the law
less use of power. His rulings and his partisanship in
the trial'of these men were the most farcical travesty
of justice. The offer of a reward of $100,000 for thj
conviction of somebody for Goebel's murder set the
perjury machine in motion, and in the trial every rule
of evidence, by law and procedure established for the
security of rights, was shamelessly violated. Quaking
wretches, whose perjury had been suborned, confessed
their offense, but their sacramental lies had weighed
with the jury and counted in its verdict.
The Supreme Court has vindicated justice" and has
recorded the certificate of its belief thai free govern
ment can correct all disorders without violating a
single rule of law or requirement of justice.
The wretched victims of the misuse of judicial
power may be guilty, but their conviction by irregu
lar and outragous judicial vengeance established a
precedent that might cost many an innocent man his
life had it been allowed to stand unchallenged by su
perior judicial authority. Let them be tried again by
processes purged of their partisan poison, and if fairly
convicted let them suffer the penalty. J •
In North Carolina partisanship attempted the im
peachment of Republican Justices of the Supreme
Court upon the pretense that they had usurped the
functions of the Legislature. The usurpation con
sisted in passing upon the constitutionality of the acts
of that body. But what are constitutions and courts
for? If a man find his enjo3'ment of rights, guaran
teed to him by the constitution, taken away by the
Legislature, where shall he go, under our system of
government, to seek recovery of what he has lost?
The courts are constituted for that very purpose. To
them alone' can the divested citizen go for reinvest
ment with that which the constitution gives and the
Legislature tries to take away.
The effrontery of the attempt to impeach the
Judges was exhibited when it was shown that the
Democratic Justice of the court had done exactly
what the Republican Justices were impeached* for
doing, -but he was left cut of the proceedings, and
with the foul spirit of & harp3' aided all he dared in the
attempt to convict his colleagues! The leader in the
Legislature for impeachment is an aspirant for the
United States Senate, and took such desperate means
to make himself solid with the party. But, as in the
Kentucky case, free government was vindicated and
the Judges were acquitted.
; John Marshall settled it; for all time that American
courts are the custodians of. the constitutional rights
of the people. The legislative branch of the. Govern
ment may err, ignorantly or with design. It may
contravene the constitution and exceed its powers.
If its acts are not subject to judicial review by the
rationalizing processes of the courts the constitution
becomes waste paper, as void of saving virtue as the
wrapper of a pound of tea.
" These two incidents mark the turn in the tide of
public opinion. Ever since Mr. Bryan adopted the
Chicago platform there has been a growing disposi
tion to either dislodge judicial authority altogether or.
to use it for partisan ends.
The culmination of this tendency was reached in the
Kentucky trials and the North Carolina impeachment.
The reversal in one case and failure in the other mark
the death of Brytmism. The two decisions are its
epitaph. It is buried like a dead swashbuckler, and
no mourners go about the streets.
KENTUCKY AND NORTH CAROLINA.
R+.V. Day of Duluth is at the California.
Dr. A. L. Tibbetts of Pctahima la at the
Lick."
Dr. "W. X. Sherman of Fresno is at the
Lick:
D. \V. Kirkland of Los Angeles Is at the
Occidental.
R. V. Ellis, an oil man of Hanford, Is at
the Palace.
It. M. Shac&!eford of Paso Robles Is at
the Occidental.
John Rosene and J. B. McDousal. ship
ping men of Seattle, are at the Palace.
State Senator Thomas Flint Jr. of San
Benito Is at the Palace. He "will be In the
city the remainder of the week.
AX. Biggs Jr. of Oroville is at the I-lcte.
PERSONAL MENTION.
The soundness of such statements is unquestion
able. Mr. Johnson must give three-cent fares to the
people of Johnstown cr else Democracy will have to
start once more on her forlorn search for a Bryan
beater.
It must not be supposed that Johnson's boom meets
none but favorable responses. The Johnstown (Penn.)
Democrat, for example, says: "There is a disposition
in some quarters to make three-cent fares for Johns
town a test of Tom L. Johnson's sincerity. Mr. John
sn:i is the president of the Johnstown Passenger Rail
way Company, and it h said that. he is in absolute
control of the property as the owner of a majority of
the stock. If that be the case those who are already
figuring on having to beat him for President in 1904
are prepared to bring forward a failure on his part to
reduce fares in this city as proof that he has been
talking in Columbus and Cleveland for effect. And of
course he and his friends would find such a situation
rather an awkward one to deal with when it came to
an explanation. It would be difficult to make it ap
pear that three-cent faros were all right in Cleveland
and not all right here. It would be equally difficult
to show why he favored three-cent fares for street car
lines controlled by Mark Hanna and opposed three
cent fares on a road controlled by himself. A small
matter like this might discredit his whole claim upon
the public confidence. It might make his nomination
impossible; or, if that were gained, it might defeat
him at the polls." •
to transfer a part of the '-lake -front- at Cleveland to the
Pennsylvania Railroad. It appears that the City
Councilhad passed an ordinance making the transfer
arid it was known that the Mayor would sign it. The
rest of the story is thus told by the Springfield Re
publican:. "Johnson went into court and secured an
order restraining the Mayor, for a stated period, from
signing the bill. That penod expired at n o'clock last^
Thursday morning. At 23 minutes after icr o'clock
Johnson went before the City Cle^k and asked for the
certificate of his .election, which had just been pre
pared. He then presented his official bond duly made
out, took the oath of office before a notary and had
public record made of the exact hour of the day—
having in mind possible legal proceedings from the
railroad company. He then hastened to the Mayor's'
office and took possession — the retiring Mayor being
unceremoniously requested to move out. Thus John
son came into possession of the office a few minutes
before the court's order expired, and the ordinance in
question will not be signed."
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
Prepared by Experts and Specialists for
¦The San Francisco Call
! -¦ ¦¦ . i-: : — — — . .
How Germany in Her Colonies Extends Her
Sphere of Influence Among the
Nations of the Earth.
— ? —
By: 33r. John E. George,
DEPARTMENT OF POLITICAL, ECONOMY, NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY.
IX-GERMANY'S COLONIAL POLICY.
THE SAN IfBANCISCO CALL., TUESDAY^ API1IL. 16, 1901.
6
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Central Lines,
637 Market Street,
San Francisco, Cal.
CARLTOH G. CRANE,
Pacific Coast Agent New York
For rates and infor-
mation, call or address
Direct routes. Fast
time. Superb train ser-
vice. Everything up to
date.
Why your ticket to the
Pan-American Exposi-
tion, via the Michigan
Central Railroad or Lake
Shore and Michigan
Southern Railway.
Got what?
Have you got it ?
"Yes," replied the dressmaker, her
mouth full of pins. "His title is cut V-
shaped with two whalebones set in at the
side."— Plain Dealer.
"The king's new title i3 Edward VII.
isn't it?" inquired the patron who was
waiting to have her new waist tried on.
People who take Dr. Slegert's Angostura Bit-
ters in the fall save money on.doctors'bills dur-
ing the winter. The great SoutbAmerlcan tonic.
Dr. Sanf ord's Liver Invlgorator.
Best Liver Medicine, VegetableCure for Liver Ills.
Biliousness. Indigestion. Constipation. Malaria."
"What is a mere pittance, father?" in-
quired the minister's son.
"A mere pittance, my 8on. is what some
people are pleased to call a marriage fee,"
replied .the devout man. — honkers States-
man. • .
"Wedding Invitations and visiting card*.
Orders received In stationery department .
and promptly executed in the very late**
style and at moderate prices. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau fAllen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per tt> at Townsend's.*
Choice candles. Townsend's, Palace Hotel.*
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYISG TOWN FOR THE SUMMER.
C«li nnbftcrtbcrs contemplating a change of
renideaee darlutr tl»e unmmer months eon hSTfl
their paper fornarded by mell to their neff
Kddresees by notifying: The Call Business Oflice.
Thin )iii,mt will also lie on Rale at all summer
reitarts and 1m represented by a local affent Jn
•11 towci on tlie coaat. '
AMUSEMENTS.
Oirheum — Vaudeville.
Alcazar— "Oh Susannah."
Grand Opera-house— "East Lynne."
Columbia— "More Than Qu«»en."
California — "The County Fair."
Central — "Julius Caeear."
Tlvcll— "The Idol's Eye."
Olympia. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
*venir.£.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Tanforan Park— Races.
AUCTION SALES.
Br G. H. Umbscn— Thursday, April 18, at 12 o'clock. Busi-
ness Proprrty, at 14 Montgomery street.We have three kinds of people in the
world; the wills, the won'ts and the
can'ta.
PETITION' IN ITCSOLVEN'CT.— William E.
Thompson, clerk. San Francisco, filed a pe
tition In Insolvency yesterday in the United
States District Court. Me ewes Ji'OS 65 and
bos no assets.
-".", To-Morrow. .
Owing to the illness of Juror Hanson
the trial of Robert E. Glaze, on a charge
of having murdered his partner, William
Trewhella, at the Windsor Hotel, on Jan
uary 14 last, was stopped yesterday morn
ing in Judge Dunne's court. •
Dr. William Hummelsbach testified un
der oath that Hanson was in bed and un
able to leave.' his apartment and was
threatened with pneumonia. The doctor
stated , that it would be • dangertras for
Hanson, to leave his room, and Judge
Judge Dunne Is Forced to Adjourn
Hearing of Murder Case Until
GLAZE TRIAL STOPPED
BY A JTXB-OB'S ZLLJTESS
Twenty dollars, Including berth and
meals, for a five days' trip on the elegant
steamship Corona, ss.iiing every Friday
for San Pedro and Los Angeles, calling: at
Santa Cruz, Monterey, Port Harford, Gav-
Iota Santa Barbara Ventura and other
Interesting points, allowing .time for pas
sengers to go ashore, arriving at San
Francisco Wednesday morning. Paclfle
Coast Steamship Company, office 4 New
Montgomery street, under Palace Hotel.
Cheaper Than Staying at Home.
La LIsta, the wonderful myriad dancer,
made her reappearance at the Chutes last
nfght and Introduced her latest dancing
creations, the volcano dance and her won
derful Enow dance, vrith some beautiful
electric effects. The Girl of Quality scored
a big hit with her songs and clever
changes. Scott and Wilson are clever ac
rol-ats. Other good numbers are Coakley
and Huested. in h laughable sketch;
Miriam Ainsworth, In lightning- changes;
Barnes* dog and pony show and new mov
ing pictures complete the bill.
Chutes.
There is good vaudeville at the Olympia
this week. Roscce and Sims are two as
clever musical artists as one could wish
to see and Rousell and Howard's acrobatic
work is quick, clean and clever. The
other numbers on the bill were well re
ceived last night.
Olympla.
Jack Symonds kept a large audience In
a roar of laughter at Fischer's Concert
House for nt-ariy half an hour last night.
His stories were all new and delivered in
en inimitable way a:id his parodies were
good. Joseph Demtry and Viola Ban
croft presented an amusing sketch, "Act
ing- to a Finish"; MoU and Karl presented
a daring and graceful triple horizontal
bar act; Leota Howard sang songs Il
lustrated with stereopticon pictures and
I^aura Lopez repealed her pretty Spanish
dances. Tom Mack, barytone; Agnes
Fried, soprano, and Melville Coakley, the
clever child performer, concluded an in
teresting programme.
Fischer's Concert Houss.
Following- our usual custom during th's
month we will close out a big lot of odd
framed pictures at exactly one half price
Sanbcrn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
Closing Out Odd Lots.
A large audience met Neil Burgess at
the California last evening and attended
the various happenings in ."The County
Fair" very happily. The success of the
opening evening was repeated and thj
people present laughed through the great
er part of it all. Neil Burgess was in his
happiest mood as Abigail Prue. Fenton
was a droll Otis Tucker and Sallie Green
away, Elariche Rice and the others in the
cast carried the story along very cleverly;
Of course the scenic -feature of the per
formance was the race, which, often re
peated, still brings down the houso
Crowded houses bid fair to be the rule
while Burgess is at the r California.
California.
Analysis of the causes of the big busi
ness attending the* production of "The
Idol's Eye" at the Tivoli is perhaps futile;
the people fancy it, and that is enough to
insure success. . That the music Is catchy
is beybnd question, for people "leave the
theater hummingthe air of "Fairy Tales"
and other numbers. The dialogue and situa
tions are funny, for the people laugh. But
there is something more in the piece than
a mere blending of music and wit and that
is the way in which one situation is dove
tailed Into another. One complication
follows another with remarkable rapidity,
but there is a bearing, a connection, . in
short there is a plot, which many of the
musical pieces of the day lack. Then
there is the Occidental dress In the Orien
tal surroundingr, which is another factor
that aids to popularize the production '
The whole thing is farcically breezy, and
there you are. The house is,- filled to
overflowing nightly. Hartman and Whee
lan keep up to the mark as entertainers
and are assisted in the comedy by "Webb
and Cunningham. The ladies In the cast
have less to do than the male members,
but Annie Myers, Maude Williams and
Bernlce Holmes sing their respective roles
conscientiously.
Tivoli.
The farce comedy, "Oh Susannah," was
revived at the Alcazar Theater last night
to a crowded house and the laughter was
almost incessant. It is something of the
style of "Charley's Aunt," but not so
cleverly worked out. The central flguro
in the play is Aurora, the "slavey," who
is secretly ' consumed with passion for
Dr. John Shephard, and Miss Georg's
Woodthorpe, who played the part on its
previous presentation, repeated the un
qualified success she achieved last sea
son. The uiece without her would do
meaningless and she most creditably fills
the bill. Next in importance is fhe aunt,
Miss Susannah Shephard, and Miss Mar
garet Marshall was as effective as before
in the part. Joseph Kilgour as Dr. Shep
hard, Edwin T. Emery as Andrew Merry.
Howard Scott as Waverly "Vane, Charles
A. Smily as Mr. Plant and Frank Bacon
as Tupper, all helped In making the piece
a success. Miss Lila Convere as Flora
was as charming as she always is anci
Miss Georgia Cooper and Miss Agnea
Ranken were well matched as the "pre
cious jewels." Miss Cooper is now a reg
ular member of this admirable stock
company and she will prove a valuable
acquisition. New week "The Conquer
ors," a romantic play, will be produced.
Alcazar.
"More Than Queen," with its gorgeou3
stage pictures and elaborate mountings, is
in its second and last week at the Colum
bia. Blanche Walsh as the imperial Jose
phine continues to please and large audi
ences testify to the pleasure her imper
sonation affords.
Columbia.
members of the cast who performed cred
itably are Frederick Hartley, T. J. Mc-
Grane, • George Bloomquest, Nona Car
rington and Miss McNeill.
"East Lynne," played admirably by
Florence Stone, supported by John Web
ster Jr. and an exceptionally strong com
pany, began a week's engagement last
night al the Grand Opera-house. The re
vival of this intertstingiplay was most
cordially received. Miss Stone in the dual
roles of Lady Isabel and Mme. Vine is a
clever emotional actress and Mr. "Webster
is good as Sir Francis Levlson. ¦ Other
Grand Opera-House.
Another "best ever" is the record of the
Orpheum this week, with a varied and ex
cellent bill. Leading- the interest Is Frau
cesca Redding and her company in one
of Will Cressy's sketches entitled "Her
Friend From Texas," a laughable one-act
farce. . Miss Redding as the willful widow
Is amply entertaining- and Arthur Larkin
does a clever sketch of the newly fledged
society youth. Horace Goldin, Illusionist,
does one of the neatest conjuring acts we
have seen here for oome time, capably as
sisted by Jean Fransldi and company.
Nice Barbaresehi and Vittorio Castellano,
late of the Azzali and Tivoli grand opera
companies, are well received in some se
lections from grand opera — which possibly
might be better chosen. Miss Barbareschi
sings charmingly and Castellano's hJg'i
rote brought down the house. Tschern
off's dogs are amor.;; the hold-overs an<l
are greater favorites than ever. Josephine
Gassmnnn and her pickaninnies are in
their last successful week; "George H.
Wood, with a budget of new songs and
stories, was warmly welcomed; Prevost
end Prevost.. with the clever acrobatic
conceit. "Fun in a Turkish Bath," re
peated their last week's success, and Hal
Stephens does some clever . original
sketchcb of Irving. Jefferson, Sousa and
other famous folk. Altogether the bill is
way above high-water mark and drew a
house to fit the Interest.
Orpheum.
The staging of the play is always satis
factory and sometimes, as in act 2, really
beautiful. A realistic mob and fairly
played minor parts add to the interest of
the performance. Considering the small
price charged, censorship may properly
hide its diminished head, being glad to
confess that there is much to praise and
little to blame. L. DU PONT SYLE
Those who saw that bad play, "Quo
Vadis," last year at the Columbia Thea
ter may remember that there was one
good actor among the many bad ones
who then strutted their little hour upon
the stage. That actor was Mr. Mason
Mitchell, whom it was a pleasure to see
last night worthily enacting a worthy
part— that of Clssius. As to Mr: Cum
mings (Brutus), that gentleman was evi
dently suffering from a bad cold, which
made it impossible for him to do justice
to his lines. His action was dignified and
appropriate. Mr. Robert Scott played
Caesar excellently, making as much of a.
success as was possible out of a char
acter of which the author has confessed
ly made a failure. Mr. Downing I hal
never seen except as Spartacus; as An
tony he was a pleasant surprise. There
is a tender side to that highly dib
reputable • ward politician, man-about
town, captain of horse and master of
rhetoric, which Shakespeare has indicat
ed clearly enough, but which neither Mr.
Bangs nor Mr. Warde has seemed to per
ceive or to bring .'put. Mr. Downing J s
rendition, in this respect, Is superior to
that of either of the actors named— what
they fail to do he does and does well.
After a long series of rapid and lurid
melodramas the Central Theater last
night made a successful attempt at some
thing better by producing "Julius
Caesar." For this play you need at least
four good actors— that is, three more than
are commonly found at a lo\v-price*d thea
ter. I cannot truthfully say that in my
opinion Messrs. Belasco & Thall have
given us four of this production, but they
have certainly given iis three and I am
therefore three times as thankful as I had
any right to hope I might be.
You 'cannot go to the Pan-American Exposl-.
tlon at Buffalo for "eleven cents," but the
comfortable trains of the Nickel Plate Road,
"Tho Buffalo Short , Line," which leave Chi
cago at convenient hours for all 'Coast con
nections, carrying unexcelled Nickel • Plate
Dining Cars, in which American Club meals
are served at' prices varying from 35 cents to
$1.00, will satisfy. the most fastidious. Book
free showing Pan-American Exposition Views.
JAY -W. ADAMS, P. C. P. A., 37 Crocker
building, San Francisco, Cal.
Are You a Buffalo?
Alaska Codfish. Company's Boat Anna
Is Driven Ashore on Island
of Saxnak.
The Union Fish Company's vessel Czar
ina arrived in the harbor last night from
a five months' codflshing cruise in Alas
kan waters. She brings the shipwrecked
crew of the schooner Anna, consisting of
the captain and nine men. The Anna be
longed to, the Alaska Codfish Company of
this city, and left port late last fall for a
long fishing trip. . • ¦
The two v vessels were fishing In close
neighborhood to each other, and during
the winter,' when a severe storm arose,
both made fdr the island of Samak, an
choring in harbors only a few miles apart.
The storm was one ! of exceptional vio
lence, and being In an exposed situation
the Anna's anchor dragged and she was
cast on the beach.
The crew with difficulty escaped tor land
and made the best of their way across the
island to the Czarina. They were taken
aboard and worked with the crew of the
sister ship during the remainder of the
season. .The Anna and her half-cargo were
an entire loss. • • ¦ ,-'
CZARINA RETTJBNS WITH
A SHIPWRECKED CREW
Splendid Bill at the Orpheum, "East
Lynne" at the Grand Opera-House
and "Oh, Susannah !" at the Alcazar
"JULIUS CAESAR" WELL
PLAYED AT CENTRAL
William Jewett Tucker, '61, president of Dart
mouth College, and' Mrs. Tucker; Benjamin Ide
Whepler. president of the University of Cali
fornia, and Mrs. Wheeler; David Starr Jordan,
president of Stanford University, Cal.; Mr. and
Mrs. Frank S. Streeter, '79, and Miss Streeter,
Concord, N. H. ; Professor Charles M. Gayley,
University of California, and Mrs. Gayley; Mr.
nnd Mrs. Ira G. Hoitt. Mr. and Mrs. L. C.
Clark and Miss Fowler, Mr. and Mrs. Charles
H. Ham, Mr. and Mrs. W. P. Boynton, Wil
liam E. Barnard, Miss Barnard, Mr. an^i Mrs.
Frank Morton and Miss Morton, ' Mr. ami Mrs.
Pr. Sidney Worth, Mr. and Mrs? Charles W.
Kmery Mr. end Mrs. Fisher Ames, Mr. and
Mrs. S. C. Smith, George H.V Strong, Mis3
Georgia ' M. Strong, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas
Flint Jr., ' Dr. and Mrs.- Thomas Flint, San
Juan, Cal.: Mr. and Mrs. William Hood, Mr.
and Mrs. W. P. Johnson, Mr. and Mrs. William
Redding, Henry Rice, Harvard/ '91; Mr. and
Mrs C. S. Wright, Rev. Samuel H. Willey,
D. D., David L. Morrill, Dr. S. S. Herrlck,
S. H. Jackman. H. K. Moore, William D.
Walker, Rev. L. H. Frary, D. D., Judge A.
F. Sears, Thomas A. Perkins, Arthur H.
Brown, Dr. James H. Tebbetts, F. R, Freud
and John Swett. •
Advantage was taken .of the fourteenth
annual banquet of the Dartmouth Alumni
Association of this coast to honor Presi
dent William Jewett Tucker of Dartmouth
College. He was given the place at the
right hand of the president, Thomas Flint
Jr., and at the head of a prettily decorated
table laid in the banquet hall of the Pal
ace Hotel last evening, and when called
on to speak he was given an enthusiastic
round of applause.
Senator Flint opened the speechmaking
with a short address, introducing the
toastmaster, Fisher 'Ames. Addresses
were made by the Rev. Samuel A. Willey
of the class of '45, who spoke of the college
days as he knew them; Judge Alfred P.
Sears of Portland, on- "The Influence of
Dartmouth College on American Jurispru
dence"; Hon. Frank P. . Streeter, trustee
of . Dartmouth, on "The- Modern College
Trustee, ; Professor Charles M. Gayley. on.'
".The Saving Quality," and by three uni
versity presidents present, Dr. Tucker, Dr.
Wheeler and Dr. Jordan. i
President Tucker spoke on "The Recon
struction of Historic Colleges." He told
of the aims and efforts of Dartmouth to
keep up with the times and to anticipate
the needs of the future so as to train its
students to meet conditions that are to
come. President Wheeler spoke of the
"small" college and the more effective
work it did as a. result of the elbser rela
tionship between the professor and the
student. President Jordan spoke of "Col
lese Ideals." He described the American
ideal as being "effectiveness."
These present were: -
William J. Tucker Guest of
Honor at an Alumni
Banquet.
RECALL DAYS
OF DARTMOUTH
The coming session of the Grand Parlor
cf the Native Sons of the Golden West,
Judging from present indications, will be
productive of some of the stormiest con
tests In the history of the order. Besides
the three keen fights which are being
made for the offices of grand second vice
president, grand secretary and grand trus
tees, an amendment to the constitution
will l^e Introduced which will undoubtedly
arouse great opposition. The proposed
amendment is for the purpose of making
the order more exclusive by restricting
the membership to persons born within
the State on or prior to September 9, 1900,
or to persons who are the lineal descend
ants of those born within the State on
or prior to September 9. 1900.
As the constitution now reads a family
may come from the Eastern States and
locate here and a child born after their
arrival, when he attains the age of 18
years is entitled to become a member of
the order. The amendment is calculated
to change this. It is argued by the spon
sors of the amendment that as. the order
was founded for th'e perpetuation of the
memories of pioneer life its membership
should be restricted to the sons of the
pioneers and <he early settlers, as they
are the ones bcft capable of appreciating
and venerating California's early histor
ical events and traditions.
The object of the amendment Is not to
curtail the membership of the order, but
to increase it by making It more distinc
tive and a source of family pride. The pro
posers of the change claim that it Is nat
ural for man to be proud of the heroic
achievements cf his ancestors, and that
he will join with others similarly affected
in commemorating their valorous deeds,
but that he will not so willingly associate
himself with strangers who have no per
sonal interest «n the natter.
NATIVES PROPOSE
CHANGE OF LAWS
?
Constitutional Amendment
to Be Introduced at
Grand Parlor.
Attorney, Foote desired to take a depo
sition of. a witness in the presence of
eleven jurors, but the prosecution objected
to the Irregularity. -
Dunne had no alternative l)\it to adjourn
the hearing of the case until to-morrow
at 10 a. in., when it is expected that Han
son will be sufficiently recovered to attend
the trial.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLV TUESDAY, APRIL -16, 1901.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Ave.
Office 1OO4 Market Stress
Telephone— South 42O,
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
can be achieved in laundry work when
you have the "know how." :
Frtim years of experience we've gained
the knack of affording careful dressers
just the proper finish to their linen— the
finish that conforms to the tastes of good
society, v Others may attempt 1t— we ac-
complish It in every bundle we send out.
.No saw; edges. .
GREAT RESULTS
DB.MEYERS&CO,
Specialists. . Dis-
ease and Weakness
of • men. * : Estab-
lished 1881. Consul-
tation and ' private
book free, at office
or by mail. Cures
guaranteed. ' 73 1
Market street (ele-
vator . entrance),
San Francisco.
AMUSEMENTS. - J^ .;
VAUDEVILLE EXTftAORDMAftr,
Francesca Bedding and Co., Horace
Goldin, Barbareschi and Castel-
lano, Prevost and Prevost, Hal
Stephens and Co., Josephine Gas--
man and Picks, George H. Woods,
The Great • American BiogTaph.
Farewell Week of
Tschernoff's Famous Dog Circus.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c: Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c. !
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
**!* E WO L» I*
Evening* at S. Matinee Saturday at 3.
"IT SHINES BRIGHTER THAN EVER"
And Crowds the House Nightly.
THE
"HOOT fflO.N."
By Harry B. Smith and Victor Herbert.
HARTMAJfN pa ABEL CONN. *.'-,¦
TVHEELAN as "HOOT MON."
POPULAR PRICES 25c and 50c
Telephone— Bush 9.
*^ 0H3TB CSTT tUUt
TO-NIGHT and Evjry Evening This We«K-
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Last Week Engagement America's Tragedian.
ROBERT DOWNING
And a Powerful Cast. Including: the Popular
Actor. MASON MITCHELL. In Shake-
s^ears's . ¦ » .
JULIUS CffiSAR
Presented on a Scale of Extraordinary ¦*
Masnlfloence-.
. "00 PEOPLE ON THE STAOE-^ — 200 •
PDirEC EVENINGS... .'..IOc, lSc, 25c,; *3C,- Mo
iHlvCj MATINEES 10c. ISO. 23o
Next Wetk— "A FAIR REBEL."'
nLy w eat r eTM >
Funn'est Farce of the Year!
OH
Made all New York laugh.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Next Week— New York's Sensational Comedy.
"THE CONQUERORS."
IIALEJ_ park.
SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB. '
- SDC HIGH-CLAS3 RACES DAILY. ' .
April 15 to W. Inclusive. . • ' .
FIXE CARD EVERY*TJAY.
First Race Dally at 1:10 P. 3X.
Trains ' from Tnird and Townsend streets— 1 t
10:30. 11:20 a. m.; 13:40. 1, 1:30. 2 p. m.
Returning, leave track at 4:13 and thereafter
at short Intervals. Rear cars reserved for
ladles and escorts.
ADMISSION (INCLUDING R. R. TAKBJ. tlti.
E. J. POWER, Raclns Secrttar"
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND* OPERA J^OUSE
MATINEES SATURDAY AND 5UN0AY.
; EVERY EVENING THIS "WEEK, . ¦
Florence Stone znl Jick Webster
In an Elaborate Revival of
EAST
LYNNE!
Prices— 10c, ~ 15c, 25c, 50c. Few. at 75 cents.
Good Orchestra Seat Saturday and* Sunday
Matinees 25 Cent*.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
SECOND AN5TAST WEEK.
MflTINEE SATURDAY.
AMERICA'S DISTINGUISHED EMOTIONAL
- . ACTRESS.
lore Than Queen.
An Imperial Spectacle, Fdunded on the Ro-
mance of Napoleon and Josephine.
THE ORIGINAL NEW YORK PRODUCTION.
MAGNIFICENTLY RICH-
¦HISTORICALLY CORRECT.
¦ This attraction will not appear In Oakland.
THE SAME TRUTHFUL STORY PREVAILS
EVERYWHERE.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
MATINEE 8ATURDAY.
NEIL BURGESS,
AS
ABIGAIL PRUE inhi^ g DU ct,o N 0F
THE COUNTY FAIR
Mil tam-Thi m J3CKEY NIGHT.
3 Thoroughbred Bushonei mennted by as m»ay O
g»yly elti joakeys running » %-aile iti& - *-*
EVENING..:.. 25c, 85c, EOc, 73c, |1 CO
MATINEE 25c. iOc. 75c
Next— Cha!» H. Ynle'g "THE EVIL EYE."
UNDER THE AUSPICES OF THE
CALIFORNIA CLUB.
AN EXHIBITION
-OF THE—
Industrial and Allied Arts
' ; :',*'. IS NOW IN PROGRESS
IN THE ART GALLERY
_ — OF '
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
TO CLOSE ON
SATURDAY EVE.. April 20.
Ooen Afternoons and Evenings. -
Admission, 23c. Season Tickets. Jl 50. Chil-
dren, 10c.
- - -
PTCjr.HPT?' 1^ CONCERT HOUSE.
riDUlllin O Admission IOc. '
Damery and Bancroft, Laura Lopez, Jack
Symonds, Agnes Fried, Tom Mack, Moli and
Karl, Leota Howard and Melville Coakley.
Reserved seats. 25c. Matinee - Sunday.
*PALACE HOTEL**
- • • •
Visitors to San Francisco who make
their headquarters at these hotels en-
joy ¦ comforts and conveniences not to
, be Obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attaches and unequaled
cuisine. American and European plans.
•»GRAND HOTEL-
SSisL;!-' .INSURANCE COflPANY OF AflERICA. 5ffl?Sg
This company has recently entered" the Stales of Galjfqrnia and Washington, and particulars of its liberal life insurance
contracts can be obtained ] by, writing to
MacFARLAND & FELL, General Agents, T. L. KELLV & SONS, General Agents,
"^ 1408 Claus Spreckels Building, San Francisco, Cal., and Seattle, Washington.
Active, rel ! ab!e business men wanted in every town and county of Califonva and .Washington to represent THE PRUDENTIAL.
Experience in life insunnce'not necessary, as we give full instructions to the right men. References required.
THE ONLY AMERICAN LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY AWARDED A GOLD MEDAL AT PARIS INTERNATIONAL EXPOSITION, 1900.
I The Best in Life Insurance,; Absolute
\ Protection, Prof itdble. Investment,
\ . The Most Liberal Conditions ,-
W ARE OPFFRPll RY
LIABILITIES.
Reserve on Policies $33,724,393 00
All other Liabilities... 465,46701
Surplus to Policy-holders 6,410,131 92
Total $40,599,991 93
Total .....; $40,599,991 93
ASSETS.
Bonds and Mortjrajjes $n,377,63i 07
Real Estate. 6,892,770 35
R. R. Bonds and Stock (Market
Value) 12,950,09250
Municipal Bonds (Market' Value).. 3,757,966 35
U.'S. Gov. Bonds (Market Value) 116,750 00
Cash in Banks and Office 2,534,110 34
Interest and Rents, due and nc-
crued 333.007 21
Loans on Collateral Securities .... 807,000 00
Loans on Policies..... 471,891 6$
Premiums Deferred and in course
of collection (net) . . 1,357,872 4S
Twenty-fifth Annual Statement,
Jannary 1, 1901.
INSURANCE IN FORCE, end of 1900, over '- - - 604 MILLIONS
INSURANCE WRITTEN AND PLACED, during 1900, over V 249 MILLIONS
PAID POLICY-HOLDERS, in 2% years, over - ; - - 49 MILLIONS
ASSETS, end of 1 900, over - . - -. / - - '¦'¦-. - ' . . 40 MILLIONS
INCOME, during 1900, over - - ' - '- - - 24 MILLIONS
PAID POLICY-HOLDERS, during i960, over - ¦ - - 7 MILLIONS
SURPLUS, end of 19OO, over - ..-. V- - - - 6. MILLIONS
POLICIES IN FORCE, endiof 1900, over' - -' - 4 MILLIONS
FREDERIC A. BOYLE, Assistant Secretary.
Assistant Cashier. ? H J 0HNST0Nf
VALENTINE PIKER, ) Assistant Actuary.
LESLIE P. WARD, \ W. P. WATSON,
Supervisors. Assistant Medical Director.
Cashier. Supervisor Loan Dep't.
Edward h. Hamill,? John k. Gore,
ROBERT L. EURRAGE.j Actuary.
Medical Director*. EDW.^D GRAY,
JOHN F. DRYDEN, President.
LESLIE D. WARD, EDGAR B. WARD^
Vice President. 2d V. Pnm. & Counsel.
FORREST F. DRYDEN, HORACE .ALLING,
Secretary. ! * .Treasurer.
T. C. E. FLANCHARD. JACOB E. WARD,
Sup't of Real Estate. Counsel.
WILBUR S. JOHNSON, F. C. BLANCH ARD,
OFFICERS.
UNPARALLELED IN THE HISTORY OF LIFE INSURANCE.
"^^• 5 S5^^ >
j^jT" -l» •-'¦',•'•Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, quiet
and unchanged; No. 3 spring wheat, 69@70i4c;
No. 2 corn, 43\l@43%c: No. 2 yellow, 43Vi@43i4c-
No. 2 oats, 26V>@'27ci No. .2 white, 29%c; No 3
white, 28(g'29%c; No.,2 rye, 53c; good feeding
barley,. 46c; fair to cfioice, malting, 51@5Sc; No.
1 flax seed, $1 58; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 5S:
prime timothy seed. $3 80; mess 'pork, per bbl,
$14 20@14 25; .lard, per 100 lbs, $8 32%@8 35;
NEW YORK. April 15.— It was plainly to be
teen to-day that the influential assemblage of
professional operators in stocks which has led
the great bull market of this year throughout
was " making an abrupt shift from the high
priced railroad' stocks into the industrial 6tocks
Ot all grades, down to many that are in the
Stock Exchange category of "cats and dogs."
Very buoyant advances were effected in many
of these.' and the unfailing following of out
•ld'it speculators which has quickly followed
this leadership for many weeks past continued
Its docile. response to-day. There was a very
flagrant manipulation in the caee of many of
these advances and in others there was a
very large and apparently urgent demand
which argued knowledge of coming favorable
developments. A very notable feature of the
market was that profit-taking in the railroad
list persisted throughout the buoyant . rise
among the specialties. Prices of the railroads
¦were opened high, helped by some speculative
demand for London -account, the latter factor
being especially notable in Southern Railway
preferred. But the opening prices in the rail
roads or those made during the first hour
proved to be the highest In very many cases.
Railroad Etocks generally show net losses on
the day, although an effort was made to sup
port them at the last, lifting some of them
from the lowest New York Central had re
ceded to lMV. in the last hour and was made
to sell on the next and last eale at 152%, the
closing bid dropping back again to 151%. with
l.'l% asked. By far the most conspicuous move
ment of the day. owing to the enormous vol
ume cf the dealings, was in Amalgamated Cop
per. The stock fell back at Intervals on-profit
taking after its wide opening at 117 to 120.
compared with 115 at the close on Saturday.
In the final dealings it was rushed up through
a flood of offerings to 124%, closing at the top
notch. There were notable upward movements
In all the gas stocks, led by Consolidated Gas
and Brooklyn Union Gas with advances of
6% and 10 respectively. People's Gas rose at
one time nearly 5 points. There w«re gains of
4% In Metropolitan Street Railway, 3\i in
Sugar. 7H in Chicago Terminal, 8 In -the pre
ferred, I0«i in Colorado Fuel and 4 in Tennes
eee Coal. Other gains of from 1 to ( points
are accounted for by such stocks as Interna
tional Pump, Texas and Pacific Lartd and Trust-
National Lead, American Unseed Oil stocks
National Salt preferred, American Snuff prel
ferredi Glucose ¦ and New York Air Brake.
The only real notable advance In the railroad
Itet was In the high-priced coalers. Cleveland.
Columbus, Cincinnati and St. Louis, which
rose 4%, and Mexican National, which was
lifted 2\* on large buying. Burlington was at
one time carried Vk under Saturday and Rock
Inland 2 points. Call money did not rise
• bove C per cent to-day, and eased off during
New York Stock- Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
¦S : X
CHICAGO, April 15.— So thoroughly . had
traders discounted the bearish statistics Sat
urday that when the imposing figures appeared
to-day the wheat market was In a position to
ignore them. World's shipments last week were
10,105.000 bushels, while the amount of wheat
and flour on ocean passage increased 3,480,000
bushels, swelling ! the amount to 49,548,000
bushels— the largest aggregate ever known.
Added to these statistics was the perfect April
weather, which completed the array of bear
news. On the other hand cables were steady,
though lower, receipts moderate and the cash
demand, according to reports which helped
the market from time to time, better. Heavy
clearances from the seaboard and the visible
decrease also contributed to the . strength.
Trade was generally dull and lacking in specu
lative features. May opened %c lower to a
shade higher at 70%@70%<570%c and gradually
advanced, mostly on covering by local shorts,
to 70%@71c, closing firm, %c higher at 70%c.
Speculative action in corn was almost at a
standstill. The Philllns "May deal" is ap
parently affecting ¦ traders but little, although
there is no evidence that the young bull leader
has relinquished his heavy line. He has
changed some May corn over to Jnly. Un
favorable seeding weather, firm cables and
sympathy with wheat gave the market a firm
tone. May closed %c higher at 43%c.
Os.ts were dull, but firm. May closed %c
higher at 25%c
Dullness, ruled in the provision pit most of
the day, especially m products of May de
livery, the bulk , of business now being done
for July delivery. May pork closed 15c lower;
July, 12%c down; May lard, 5c depressed, and
July a shade easier; May ribs 7%c higher and
July unchanged. . .
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. ' Close
Wheat No. 2 —
May ." 70% '71 70%'. 70%
July 70%- 71% 70% 71
Corn No.»2—
April 42%
May 43% 43% 43% 43%
July 43% 43% 43i,i 43i£
Oats No. 2— *
May 25' 25% 24% 25%
July :.... 24% 25 24% 25
Mess Pork, per bbl—
May .........14 25 14 27% 14 15 14 27U
July - 14 45 14 45 14 30 1140
Lard, per 100 lbs — ;
May ;... 8 23 ' 8 25 »:; 8 20 8 22%
July 8 15-..8 17V4 8 10 8 15
September : 8 15 • 8 15 8 10 • 8 12%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— "
May. 8 25 8 37% 8 25 8 35
July-":. ...8 00 8 02% '7 97% 8 02%
September .7 95 -8 00 ,795;: 800
' FLOUR— California Family Extras. J3 25®
3 50. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 75522 85 per barrel ; for family and
J2 75® 3 for. bakers' ; Washington bakers', $2 75
@3... > . r- .:-.-¦
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 .lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; -Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7: Corn Meal. $2 75;
extra, cream do. $3 50; Oat Groats, $4 50; Hom
iny. $3 50>?£3 75; Buckwheat Flour," . $4®4 25;
Cracked Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $1 50; Whola
Wheat .Flour, |3 25; Rolled Oats - (barrels).
$6 10<?r7 60: in 6acks, $5 73@7 25: Pearl Barley,
$5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas. $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flo ur and Millstu ffs.
OATS— Heavy, purchases are reported, and
the market rules very. firm. White, $1 37%@
150; ' Surprise, nominal: • Red, $1 32%@1 45;
Black. $1 15@1 25 per ctl.- •
CORN— Yellow. $1 10@l 15; White, $1 10@l 15;
Eastern Mixed, $1 12% per ctl. •
RYE— 80@82%c per ctl. •
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 65@1 70 per
ctl, ex- warehouse.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
CALL 'BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
4000 ctls, 72%c. :.
- Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000
ctls, 72%c: 2000, 73c. May— 4000, 76% c.
Feed, 77%@"8%c for No. 1 and 73%@75c for off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades. 82%@
87%c; Chevalier, nominal. *; '
i Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 2000 ctls,
99%c. December— 2000, $1 04%.
Second Session-2000 ctls, $1 04%. May— 2000,
$1; 6000, 99%c.
Regular- Morning Session— December— 4000
ctls, $104%; 4000. $104%; 2000, $104%. May—
2000 99%c; 2000, 99<54c: 2000. 99%c; 6000, $1.
Afternoon Session— December— 8000 ctls, $1 05;
2000, $105%. * ¦ . - . -
. BARLEY— Previous, prices ruled, with a duil
but firm market.
cXll board sales,
The American visible supply decreased 2,017,
000 bushels. . The world's shipments for the
week were 44,000 quarters Danubian, 140,000
Argentine and 56,000 Australian. •
This market was dull at weaker prices on
the spot. .
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 9S&c; milling, $l@105
per ctl. ¦ '
Chicago quotations were resumed after a
lapse of . several months. That market was
quiet like all the . others, with no features.
Minneapolis was bearish and selling oft on any
weakness. " .
-WHEAT — The foreign markets were dull and
unchanged.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight — - 4 88%
Sterling Cables — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17%
Silver, per ounce — 59
Mexican Dollars, nominal 49% @ 60
San Francisco data: Maximum tempeiafure.
tt; minimum, 46; mean, 52.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen during the past twelve
J.curs rapidly over the Rocky Mountain region
and is beginning to fall slowly along the coast
i.crth of San Francisco. An area of high pres
bure over the northwestern portion of the coun
try is moving rapidly southeastward and al
rtady has caused a decided fall in temperature
iTi Utah. Foggy weather prevails along the
coast from Point Conception southward and
there are some indications of the development
oi a low on the southern coast. ¦
The temperature has risen over "Washington
a.j.d Oregon and has fallen decidedly over Ne
xsda. and Utah. At Salt Lake there has been
s fall of 24 degrees In temperature in the past
twenty-four hours:
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending at midnight, April 16, 1901:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday, with con
ditions becoming favorable for rain at night;
light northerly winds.
Southern California— Cloudy and unsettled
weather Tuesday; brisk southwest winds.
Nevada— Fair Tuesday; warmer at night.
Utah— Snow or rain in northern portion Tues
tey; much colder in the morning: probably
htavy frost in the morning; light northerly
winds.
Arizona — Cloudy Tuesday, with snow In north
«rn portion; colder north.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday,
with fog In the morning and conditions becom
ing favorable for rain at night; light northerly
winds, changing to southeasterly.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
quality. Apricots — Royal, 7%@12c; Moorpark,
8%@13c. Peaches— Peeled, 12%@20c; unpeeled,
5%@10c. • ¦
DRIED FRUITS. .
There were no new features noted In the
market for evaporated apples • to-day. State
common were quoted at 3@4c; prime, 4%@4%c;
choice, 5@5%c; fancy, 6@$%c. California dried
fruits continue inactive and nominally un
changed at 3Vi@7c per pound, as to size and
chiefly to continued spot demand, large clear
ances, strength of the May option, a liberal re
duction in visible supply figures and an over
sold condition of traders. Closed firm at %c
net advance. May. 76 11-16@77 5-16c, closed at
77c; July, 76 l-16@76%c, closed at 76%c; ' Sep
tember, 75%@75 13-16c, closed at 75%c.
HOPS-Quiet.
HIDES— Firm. ,:'
WOOL— Dull.
SUGAR — Raw, strong; fair refining, 3 9-16c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 4V»c asked; molasses sugar,
3 ll-32@3%c; refined, firm. ¦.'•¦' •
COFFEE— Spot Rio, dull ; No. 7 invoice, 6%c
nominal; mild, dull; Cordova, 8%@12%c. Fu
tures closed steady, with prices *5@10 ' points
lower; total sales, 22,000 bags, .including May,
$5 45; July, $5 55; Sepl?rober, $5 65@5 70; Octo
ber, {5 70(g l 5 75; November, $5 75; December,
$5 85@5 SO: March, $C 03. ;'• ' ¦
BUTTER — Receipts, 7964 packages; steady at
the decline; fresh creamery, 16@21c; factory,
Il%(gl3%c.
EGGS— Receipts, 18,437 packages; strong;
Western registered packing, 14@14%c; do, stor
age. 14%c.
.*__ . . . #
NEW YORK, April 15.— FLOUR— Receipts,
25,750 barrels; exports, 22,431 barrels; sales,
8750 packages; quiet and unchanged, but ruled
firm on all grades in sympathy with wheat.
WHEAT— Receipts, S2.650 bushels; exports,
207,604 bushels; sales, 3,875.000 bushels futures,
80,000 bushels spot;' spot, firm; No. 2 red. 79%c
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 76%c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 85%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth, 85%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard
Duluth, 89%c f .' o^ D. afloat. . Options had a
steady opening and subsequently developed a
good deal of firmness in spite of bearish for
eign statistics. The slability was credited
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same dat4*last
stason, and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. April 15—5 p. m.
Weather Report.
Raisins and Apricots in New York.
Mall sdvices from • New York say: "The
market on California raisins was greatly ex
cited and urset yesterday by the announce
ment of a cut on coast seeded raisins in 1-lb
cartons to 5c. f. o. b.. California. This will
permit the coast product to be laid down here
Lt 6^c. or lVit'Sl^c lower than the spot market
"at the time the news of the cut came to hand.
Uood quality coast eeeded have been selling
of late at 7U<&7V-c, and in some cases at
'slightly higher quotations.
"One of two houses on the street possibly
had a few hours' warning of the contemplated
move by the Kaisin Growers' and Packei-s'
associations, but to the trade generally the
drop came absolutely unheralded, and the lo
cal market at once became demoralized. Al
though no new goods can be brought to the
New York market from the coast in several
weeks, some -holders here dropped prices prac
tically to the basis of the quotation estab
lished by the association. One prominent Job
bing house stated that they would sell at 6%c,
and there were renorts that a quotation as
low as 6c, or %c under the new coast basis,
had been made by another holder. This last
price, however, could not be definitely con
firmed, and It Us understood a certain large
Jobt»er would take in a block at that figure.
£l>ot stocks of coast seeded are said to be
chiefly in the hands of three holders. Soles of
about 300 boxes of fancy seeded are reported to
have been made on Monday at 7%@7%c.
"The buying of apricots in this market last
week, it la Uarned, was practically all by a
large local jobber. The purchases by this
house, which are reported to be in the neigh
borhood of eight cars, are generally regarded
in the nature of speculation, though the buyer
states that the goods were bought for his regu
lar trade. ?.n important part of which is ex
port in character. Most of the goods bought
were extra choice to fancy stock, and the
buver is still looking around for more goods
at low prices. Many holders are firmer in their
ideas, tome having advanced prices as much
as a cent. Others will sell at about the same
prices they have been quoting right along.
••Arrivals of prunes continue light and prices
are firm. Demand, however, is not par
ticularly active at present. Currants are lower,
with prices in buyers' favor. Consumption of
this article is slow. Trade in figs is cood, and
the market is slightly firmer. Demand for
lower grades is particularly active, and layers
of s-ood 6ound quality at 6c are likely to be
6carce soon, it is reported. Fancy, from &c up,
are in very limited supply also. Dates are in
<juite good demand. Apples are very quiet and
unchanged."
the day. Speculative sentiment, however, is
not free from misgivings over the future of the
money market. It is to be borne in mind that
the lending In New York for account of West
ern banks which has been a feature for sev
eral days past' is effected' by drawing upon
the New York deposits of those banks. The
result is to give the benefit of the higher in
terest rate to the Western banks rather than
to the New York banks, but lt is simply by a
transfer of account which does not . afford
relief to the money market The high money
rate here, however, has checked the interior
demand for cash, and the rise in the New York
exchange rate at Chicago to par suggests the
imminence of the return flow to New York.
The unsettled condition of the London money
market pending the budget statement in Par
liament which is fixed for April 18, and which
is awaited for light on the amounts and terms
of the new issue of consols, is an influence
upon money lenders in New York, and, in fact,
all other money centers. Estimates of the
amount of the loan vary from $250,000,000 to
$300,000,000. But in any event the likelihood is
presented of periodical monthly calls upon the
London money market for the next twelve
months for from $10,000,000 to $12,300,000.
The bond market was strong, Mexican Cen
tral incomes being in notable demand and a
large business transacted in Union Pacific can-
vertible fours. Total sales, par value. $6,690,000.
United States old 4s registered advanced %
and do coupon declined % per cent on the last
call. „
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stock— Bid.
29,100 Atchison i C4>4
18.800 Atchison prefd 85
2,000 Baltimore & Ohio 93
1,700 Canadian Pacific .95
2.500 Canada Southern 64%
7,000 Chesapeake & Ohio 46%
5,000 Chicago Great Western 23» s
33,100 Chicago Burlington & Quincy lfca! 2
600 Chicago Ind & Louisville 37%
1,300 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 74%
400 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 117
300 Chicago &, Northwestern 204%
24,100 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 154%
12,600 C C C & St Louis i4%
15,600 Colorado Southern 12%
1,000 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 48
7C0 Colorado' Southern 2d prefd .' 21%
4,100 Delaware &• Hudson 178%
3,100 Delaware Lacka wanna & Western.. 223'/»
1,000 Denver & Rio Grande 45%
400 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 93%
40,500 Erie A 3s%
6,100 Erie 1st prefd 70%
Great Northern prefd 174
600 Hocking Coal 19
1.600 Hocking Valley 53
1,200 Illinois Central 140
1,500 Iowa Central..... >.-... 33%
1,300 Iowa Central, prefd 63»4
Lake Erie & Western '.... 60%
Lake Erie ~& Western prefd 125
., Lake Shore '. 230
9,500 Louisville & Nashville 104%
30,200 Manhattan Elevated 128»4
53,200 Metropolitan Street Railway 172Ts
10,600 Mexican Central 25%
600. Minneapolis & St Louis 85%
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 112
7,100 Missouri Pacific 103%
300 Mobile & Ohio S2%
2,100 Missouri Kansas & Texas 28%
10,300 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 60%
200 New Jersey Central 156
17,600 New Yqrk Central 15114
600 Norfolk & Western 52%
Norfolk & Western prefd 86%
51,300 Northern Pacific 99%
7,100 Northern Pacific prefd 96%
4,100 Ontario & Western 34%
Oregon Railway & Nav 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
32,700 Pennsylvania 1571,4
15,400 Reading 36%
21,300 Reading 1st prefd 76 "
9,100 Reading 2d prefd 52%
..Rio Grande Western 79
-."., Rio Grande Western prefd 100
2,100 St Louis & San Fran 40%
:. St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 82
2,300 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 65%
400 St Louis Southwestern 36%
1,700 St Louis Southwestern prefd 64%
15,500 St Paulj, 154
400 St Paulprefd 192%
St Paul & Omaha ; 140 "
9,100 Southern Pacific .^. 45%
13,400 Southern Railway 28V4
10,500 Southern Railway prefd' so%
16.100 Texas & Pacific 42%
49,300 Union Pacific ..' 93^g
1,900 Union Pacific prefd : S5%
7.500 Wabash : 20%
1,500 Wabash prefd 39%
3,000 Wheeling & Lake Erie I9i,i ;
100 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 34%
1,900 Wisconsin Central 20%
Third Avenue » 122
500 Baltimore & Ohio prefd.... 90%
National Tube, t r 67V-
National Tube prefd, t r IIS "
. . Express Companies —
Adams 165
200 American 196
United States 85
Wells Fargo 140
Miscellaneous —
300 American Cotton Oil..'. 25>A
American Cotton Oil prefd S4 "
American Malting s.~; 51%
200^American -Malting prefd '. 25
10,600 American Smelting & Ref 62
27.000 American Smelting & Ref prefd 96
American Spirits .: 21^4
American Spirits prefd 17 ~
American Steel Hoop, t r 46%
American Steel Hoop prefd, t r 93
American Steel & Wire, t r ;... 47%
American Steel & Wire prefd, t r..H0%
American Tin Plate, t r; 7S
American Tin Plate prefd, t r 117
39,400 American Tobacco 129%
; American Tobacco prefd 142
25,100 Anaconda Mining Co 591,4
'39.700 Brooklyn Rapid Transit.. 83%
24.700 Colorado Fuel & Iron 86V.
24,200 Continental Tobacco 47%
300 Continental Tobacco prefd 104%
....... Federal Steel, t r >. 54
600 Federal Steel prefd, t r ". 103%
700 General Electric 226%
3.6C0 Glucose Sugar 5314
Glucose Sugar prefd : 96
300 International Paper- f. 26%
300 International ' Paper prefd 79%
1,000 Laclede Gas 85
National BUcuit S9
National Blbcuit prefd.. 96
1,000 National Lead 17^
National Lead prefd 83%
National Steel, t r 57
National Steel prefd, t r in
700 New Air Brake '...159
300 North American ;.... gs
PadFc Coast 53
Pacific Coast 1st prefd.. 90
Pacific Coast 2d prefd...... 63
700 Pacific Mail ZiVt
S3.200 People's Gas .'. 114%
S.700 Pressed Steel Car 4S
5,300 Pressed "Steel Car prefd.. v ssy.
200 Pullman Palace Car 212 ,
Standard Rope & Twine 4%
79,900 Sugar 149'
3.300 Sugar prefd 125
28,500 Tennessee Coal & Iron... 68
60,209 United States Leather ". . 14
17.500 United States Leather prefd 79
500 United States Rubber.. 20%
500 United States Rubber prefd 61
3,400 Western Union • 91%
154.300 Amalgamated Copper 124%
3.903 Republic Iron'& Steel Co 20%
1.7TO Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 76
53,600 United States Steel....:. 47%
50,400 United States Steel prefd:...' 94«
P C C & St Louis 60
1,609,400 Shares sold.
.CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref reg. — 106% NJC gen 5s ..132%
Do coupon.. 106% N Pacific. 3s .72%
-Do 3s reg ..110% Do»4s .....105%
IV) 3s coupon 111% N Y C & St L 4s. 106%
Do new 4s reg 138 N & W con 4s....M01V*
Do new 4s cou"p..l33 r Or Nav lsts .109
Do old 4s reg.^.113% Do 4s 105%
Do old 4s coup.. 113% Or Short Line 6s.. 129
Do Ss reg, ex-int.110% Do con- 5s.. US
Do 6s coup... 111% Reading gen 4s.... 95«
Dist of Col 3.63s. ..12414 R G W lsts 101%
Atchitson gen 4s... 9?% St L * I M con 5s.llo%
Canada So 2ds 10S% St L & S F gen 6s.l31V>
Ches- & O 4%s..:..iO6Vt st Paul cons. ......191 "
Do 6s 121« St P C & P. lsts. ..UStS
Chi & N con 7s 142 Do Bs..: 120%
Do S F deb 5S...124 S Pacific 4s........ 92%
Sales were light on the morning session of
the Bond Exchange,- and prices showed no
change worthy of note.
, In the afternoon Giant Powder sold from $73
down to $71, recovering to $72 75. Other stocks
were : quiet.
On' the morning session of the Producers' Oil
Kxchange Peerless sold at $8@8 12% spot and
$8 iiCSS 62% for buyer 60 and buyer 90 respec
tively. Otherwise there was nothing new.
Business was dull in the afternoon.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. April 15—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bld.A«k.
4s coujjon 113%114K 4s coup (new).13» 140
Is registered... 113%114 >3s quar coup..lll%112%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C 5s. 103% — Oak W Co 5s.l01% —
Cal-st Cab 5s.H7 — Oceanic SS ss.104 104%
C C Water 5s.lO9% — Om C R 6s. ...125% —
E L & P 6s..l28%133% Pac G Imp 4s — —
F & Cl Ry 6S.115 — Pk & Cl R 63.105 —
Geary-st R 5s. — — Pk & O R 6s. 117 —
Haw C 5%s...lO6',4 — Powell-st R 6sl20 —
Haw C 5s 102 1C2U S E G & R 5s — 101
L A R R 5s..ll2%113% S F & SJV 5s.HS«4 —
L A L Co 6s. — 102 S P. of Cal 6s — —
Do CTltd 6s.. — 104 S P R of A 6s
Do gntd 5s.. 99%— (1909) — 113'4
L A P R R os.102% — Do (1910) .... — 114<4
Do 1st C 6s.. 101 — S P C 6s (1905,
Market-st C 6s — 128 Series A) ...10«% —
Do 1st C os.122 — Do(Series B)107»4 —
N C N G R 7s — 113% Do (1906) ....110 —
N R of Cal 6S.113 — Do (1912) .... — —
N R of Cal 5s. — 118% S P C 1st g 3s.lO6% —
N P R R 6s. .101% — S P Br R 6s.l32% —
N P R R Es..lOS% — S V Water 6s. 113 114
NCR 5s.\...lllVi — Do 4s — 104V;
O G L & H os.110% — Do 3d mtg.. — 103%
Oak Tr Co 6s.ll5 116 Stkn G & E 63.IOO —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. — 73 (Spring Valley. 89% 90
Marin County. 53% — I
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS. -
Cent L & P... 2% 3% Pac Lt Co.... 43 —
Eqult Gas .... 3% 3Vi Sac E G & R. — —
Mut Elec Lt.. — 7 S F G & E... 44% 44%
O G L & H... 50 50% San Francisco. 4Vi 4%
Pac Gas Imp. 38% 40 Stktn G & E.. — 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Firem's Fund. 236 250 1
.BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal 73 79 Lon P & A....1J4 14S
Bank of Cal... 406 412 Mer Ex (liq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep..l04%106% S F National.120 125
1st N of S F.. — 315
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1830 1900 Sav & Loan... — —
Humboldt ....— .— Security 275 —
Mutual .50 — Union Trust... — —
S F Sav U 515 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS. : .
Calif ornia-st.. — 140 O S L & H.... 40 —
Geary-st ......47%— Presidio 22 30
Market-st 69% —
POWDER STOCKS.
Giant Con Co. 73 73% Vigorit 2% 3%
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana Plan.... 7 — Kilauea 20 20%
Haw Com 58% 60 Makawell 33% 40
Honokaa 30% — Onomea 26ft 27%
Hutch S P 20% 21 Paauhau 30 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack.. 121% — (Oceanic SS Co 46 50
Cal Fruit Can 98 — (F-ac A F A 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — J Pac C Bor Co. 152 153%
Mer Ex Assn. 110 — I Par Paint Co. 16 —
» Morning Session.
Board—
25 California Safe Deposit 1C3 00
150 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 38 50
$0000 Hawaiian C & S Co as 102 25
. 40 Honokaa Co, cash.: ...30 25
40 Market Street Railway C9 75
10O S F Gas & Electric Co 44 37%
48 Spring Valley Water 89 75
75 Spring Valley Water 89 62%
Street—
50 Alaska Packers' Association 122 50
Afternoon Session.
Board— ,
100 Equitable Gas. 3 25
¦ 10 Giant Powder Con.- 73 00
10 Giant Powder Con 72 00
10 Giant Powder Con 71 00
10 Giant Powder Con 72 73
20 Hana Plantation Co •- 7 00.
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar. .,... S3 50
185 Honokaa Co .* 30 50
40 Hutchlnson S P Co 20 37%
135 Hutchinson S P Co 20 60
50 Makaweli r S3 S7%
20 Oakland Gas J. :0 25
$1000 Oakland. Transit Co 6S 115 00
10 Paauhau S P Co 30 OO
25 Pacific Gas Improvement 39 CO
30 Spring Valley Water 89 75
40 Spring Valley Water 89 62%
60 S F Gas & Electric Co. 44 37%
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morninz Session.
Board — v '
15 Blue Goose ZOO
1600 California-Standard 40
S00 Caribou 0
5000 Corona 03
200 Four - 50
50 Kern 7 oO
500 Lion W j
500 Monarch of Arizona, b 30.... 60 j
3cO Monarch of Arizona 58 ;
100 PeerUss, b 60 8 50
100 Peerless, b 90 8 62%
2S0 Peerless 8 CO
15 Peerless • 8 12!*
150 Petroleum Center ." la
150 Reed Crude .52.,
100 Sterling 2 02%
Afternoon Session.
50 Black Jack 100
500 California-Standard 40
M) Home i 75
800 Lion '. 18
200 Monarch oi Arizona 58
500 011 City Petroleum... 25
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornir~ Session.
Board —
1000 Monarch of Arizona, a 60 57
500 Monarch of Arizona, s 60 56
1000 Monarch of Arisona ' 60
1000 Petroleum Center, s 60 -.... 13
Afternoon Session.
Board—
200 Caribou 70.
100 Lion 20
500 Monarch of Arizona, s 60 57
-200 Monarch of Arizona £9
2000 Petroleum Center 14
150 Sterling ". i 2 03
200 Twenty-eight 1 32U
Street— •
100 Kern River 13 00 '
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning Session.
300 Belcher* 22 100 Occidental ... . 03
200 Con Cal & Va..2 SO 10O Ophir 77
200 Hale & Norc... 27 400 Ophlr 78
200 Justice 02 300 Savage 12
100 Mexican 34 500 Union Con IS
400 Mexican 35
' . Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 24 400 Mexican «
600 Best & Belcher 22 300 Ophir 87
200 Bullion 01 400 Ophir ., 89
1300 Con Cal & Va..2 50 50 Ophir 90
50 Con Cal & Va..2 55 500 Overman 25
400 Gould & Curry 23 600 Potosi 10
200 Hale & Norc... 30 300 Union Con 17
ECO Justice 02 500 Yellow Jacket.. IS
400 Mexican 40
The following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session
3C0 Best & Belcher 19 900 Mexican 34
200 Best & Belcher 21 50 Mexican ........ S3
200 Chollar 12 300 Ophlr 77
500 Con Cal & V.2 32^ 200 Ophir 79
450 Con Cal & Va..2 35 300 Ophir ........... el
Buildsrs' Contracts.
W. R. Lovegrove (owner) with C. P. Moore
(contractor), architect Charles J. Colley— All
work except plumbing, gas fixtures, mantels
and shades for a 3-story frame building (3
flats) on lot on NW corner of Lyon and Clay
streets. N » by W 110; $10,233
Same owner with G. C. Sweeney (contractor)
architect same-Plumbing, sewering gas and
water piping for same on same; $1136.
Dora and Henry Kage (owners) with TV E.
Grant (contractor apd architect) — All work ex
cept gas fixtures and mantels 'for a 2-story
basement and finished attic frame building on
lot on E line of Rc«dell place. 137:2 S of Six-
* >:77 - 13 - ? **^
N. Gertrude Brown (widow) to Karl H.
Nickel, lot on N line of Maripcsa avenue. £0
E of McCall street. E 82 by N 11S.50. lots 24
and 25. block A, Brummagim Tract, Oakland;
|500.
Ernest A. and Elizabeth D. Heron to C. E.
Nichols, lot 30, block F. Linda Vista Terrace.
Map 2. Oakland: $15f>0.
Andrew and Lindie M. Groh to Berkeley
Hospital Association, lots 16 to 19. block 1,
McGee Tract. Berkeley; $13)0.
Blake Company (corporation) to A. F. En
nulst. all Interest in lot 20. block 1. Grove
•treet Line Tract. Berkeley; $500.
Emily B. Hopkins (widow) to Frederick A.
Koetitz. lot on E line of Arch street. 50 U of.
Hill avenue. N 50 by E 135. lot 2. block C,
Hopkins Terrace. Berkeley; $1500.
James R. and Margaret A. Little to J. Edwin
Little, all interest in lot on W line of Milvia
street, 350 N of -Virginia. N 50 by W 135. lot
6. block A. Eureka Homestead. Berkeley; $500.
Sarah J. Parrlsh (widow), Hattie E. Root,
Cora B. Plunkett and Walter N. Parrish to
Francis Dunn, lots 25 and 26, Map of Peralta
Park. Oakland Township: also lot beginning
at a point on boundary line between lots 23
and 27. distant 63 feet from corner common
to lots 23. 24, 26 and 27. on above Map, thence
NW 90, E 63, S 90. W 63 to beginning, portion
o flot 27, on Map of Peralta Park. Oakland
Township; tlOCO.
Orra J. and Fred L. Krause to George W.
Harman. all Interest in lot 16 and E 50 feet
of lot 15. block C. De Wolf Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $1000.
George R. and Minnie Warren to Frank A.
Pratt, all interest in lot on south line of For
est street. 563.82 E of Peralta avenue E ?5 S
181:13. W 25. N 180:63 to beginning. liortlon' of
Forest Park Tract, Brooklyn Township; $1000.
George L. Fltz (administrator estate of
Charle3 Babb) to Harry L. Swale, lot on SW
corner of Twenty-eighth and Linden streets,
W 32 by S 1C0. block M. Map of Northern Ex
tension of Oakland. Oakland: $3G0.
Emily Scott Smith (slnjrle) to James Kenny,
lots 11 and 12. block 2110, AJden Tract at
Temescal. subject to deed of trust for $400,
Oakland; foOO.
Letitia Beretta (single) to George "\V- Aus
tin, lot on W line of Market street. 34 N of
Thirty-third or Nolan. N 34 by W 116, block
P, Map of property of Central Land Company.
Oakland; $500.
Alameda County.
William and Agnes G. Mann to Olive Ver
kouteren. lot on S line of Crescent avenue,
65:8 E of Roscoe avenue, E 23:4 by S 73. por
tion of lots 27. 29 and 31. same; $503.
I. and Jennie Sullivan to William Mann., lot
on S line of Crescent avenue, 46:8 E of Rosco^
avenue. E 23:4 by S 75, portion of lots 27, 29
and 31, Holiday Map A; $300.'
John F. English to Wilhelmine English, lot
on SW line of Thirtieth avenue. 150 NW of G
street. NW 150 by SW 200, block 537. Bay View
Homestead; gift. .
Louis P. Boardman to John Rogerson, lot 33,
block V. Park Lane Tract No. 2; $200.
Jessie D. Connor (wife of W. M.) to Louise
M. Chaigneau, lots 24 and 23, block F, Lake
view; $10.
M. F. Heyfron to Continental Building and
Loan Association, lot 450. Gift Map 2; $1000.
Same to Mary Irene Finnell (single), lot on
NW corner of Thirty-fifth avenus and N
street. N 223, W 120, S 125. W 12:6. S 100, E
132:6; gift.
Mary Isabelle Finnell (single) to Charles N.
Champion, lot on NE corner of Thtrty-stxth
avenue and N street, N 250, E 120. S 130. W
12:6. S 100. W 107:6; $1000.
Rafael H. and Mary Irene Finnell (both sin
gle) to Mary Isabelle Finnell (single), lot on
NE corner of Thirty-sixth avenue and N street.
N 250, E 120. S 25. E 120. S 223. W 240; $1000.
Albert Meyer to E. D. Kerlcher, lot on S
line of H street, 82:6 W of Eighteenth avenue.
W 23 by S 100; $1000.
Stephen L. O'Toole to Winslow Anderson, lot
on E line of Thirty-first avenue, 169:4 S of
B street, S 55:8, E 120. N 54:3. W 120; $500.
Harry H. Reigle to Walter S. ¦ Jamieson. lot
on W line of Twenty-seventh avenue. 230 N
of Clement street, N 134:3, SW 120:7, S 122:2.
E 120; $1000.
Sarah and Edward D. Donnelly to Carto Ron
dinottl and Ermenegildo Antonl, lot on W line
of Jones street. 25 N of Filbert (old line), and
27:6 N of Filbert (new line), N 23 by W 70;
??500. »
Frank R. Thomas to Louisa F. Klpp (wife of
J. E.), lot on W line of Utah street. 77 N of
Mariposa. N 25 by W 100; gift.
William and Jennie Helbing to Albert K'effer.
lot on W line of Kansas street, 115 N of Nine
teenth (Butte), N 25 by W 100: $2000.
J. C. and Carrie A. Franks to Clinton E.
Worden. lot on W line of Mason street. 77:6
N of Geary. N 60 by W 77:«: $11,000.
John F. English to Wilhelmine English, lot
en N line of Sacramento street, 91:3 E of Du-
IK.nt. E 25 by N 120; gift.
Same to same, lot on W line of Clay avenue.
57:6 N of Clay street. N 40, W 58:9. S 20. E 2.
S 20, E 56:»: gift. :
John F. English to Wilhelmine English, lot
(i E line of Howard street, 215 X of Twenty
first. N 90 by E 122:6; gift.
Same to same, lot on W line of Harrison
Ftreet, 185 S of Twenty-second, S 50 by W 122:6;
gift.
Ladles of the Sacred Heart to John E. and
Jane L. Morris, undivided . one-fifth of lot on
N line of Bush street. 157:8 E of Sansome. K
40 by N 80. and all party wall interests; S10.C00.
James B. McMurray to Eliza C. Garrett (wife
cf Frank), lot on W line of Harrison street.
til:0»i S of Twelfth. S 25, W 80. N 27:3Vi, E SO;
J2CC0.
John F. English to Wilhelmine EnglUh. lot
en NE corner of Fulton street and Parker ave
nue, N 1C9:8. E 104:4%, SE IS. SE 94:S'i, W
128:10%; gift.
J. C. Rels to J. F. Cowders, lot on SW cor
rer of Jackson and Maple streets, W 117:9 by
S 64:0'i; also lot on W line of Maple street.
64:0% S of Jackson. S 47:8 by W 117:9; *S0CO.
Ellen E. Kennedy to J. P. Falvre. lot on NW
corner of McAllister and Wlllard streets. W
60 by N 100; $2300.
Thomas F. Parkinson to Nathaniel Brew, lot
on N line of Waller street. 84:7% E of Shra
der E 50 by N 100; $40C0.
John F.. English to Wilhelmine English, lot
on SW corner of Clayton and Oak streets. S
100 by W 56:3; gift.
James W. find Mary L. Coleman to Georg9
S. and Mary E. Mackinnon. lot on S line of
Waller street, 107:« W of Central avenue (lx>tt
•treet). W 25 by S 126; $2000.
John F. English to Wllhelmine English
<wife), lot on N line of Fell street. 131:3 W o£
Lett. W 25 by N 137:6; gift.
Same to same, lot on W line of Lott street.
100 S of Waller. S 26 by W 107:6; gift.
Harriet E. and John Barneson to Katharine
Whelan. lot on E line of Central avenue (Lett
street). 55 N of Halght street. N 23 by E 112:6;
J9WX).
- Honora A. and Elizabeth A. Buckley to
Kate H. Storror (wife of L. W.). lot on NW
ccrner of Devlsadero and Turk streets. N 27
ty W 86:11; J5000.
Theodore P. and Eliza Schaller to George
Schussler. lot on S line o£ Oak street. 11)0 W
of Baker, W 33 by S 137 :«; $3500.
Thomas D. and Rose A. Rlordan to Frank
E. and Elizabeth A. Dietz. lot on W line of.
Scott street. 52:SVi S of Clay. S 50 by \7 31:3;
$6000.
Patrick Leonard to Bridget Leonard, lot on
S line of Oak street. 163 W of Trftgiina. W 27:8
by S 120; gift.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alta 04 C6 Kentuck 01 03
Andes 06 07 Lady "Wash. .... 01 ¦ 02
Belcher 23 25 Mexican 39 40
Best & Belcher 21 23 Occidental 03 01
Bullion 01 02 Ophir S3 90
Caledonia 76 SO Overman 24 25
Challenge Con.. 18 1$ Potosi ..'. 10 11
Chollar 13 It Savage 13 14
Confidence 73 75 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..2 45 2 W Seg Belcher.... 05 06
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. 34 33
Con New York. — 01 Silver HIU 3S 40
Crown Point... 13 14 St Louis 06 —
Eureka Con C6 — {Standard 4 00 4 30
Exchequer — L 01 Syndicate 05 —
Gould & Curry 21 22iUnlon Con 16 17
Hale & Norc... 29 3l!utah 04 06
Julia 01 02YeUow Jacket.. 17 13
Bid. Ask. [ Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 Co Justice 02 03
MONDAY, April 15—4 p. m.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
200 Con Cal & Va..2 40 300 Opbir — 34
SCO Con Cal & Va..2 45 500 Overman ....... 24
200 Hale & Norc... 28 100 Savags 12
200 Kentuck 02 300 Sierra Nevada. 31
Afternoon Session.
850 Con CW &, V.S 4V/% 100 Ophlr 84
750 Con Cal & Va,.2 60 100 Ophir 85
200 Crown Point... 13 200 Ophlr ........... g'j
200 Gould & Curry 23 300 Potosi io
200 Mexican JS 200 Silver HiU 30
500 Mexican S3 600 Yellow Jacket.. IS
Beans and Seeds dull at previous . prices.
Potatoes firm. Onions rather easier.
Butter in good supply and easy. Eggs in less demand.
One car of Eastern Poultry in. ' ¦
Strawberries lower and Granges higher. =¦
Limes and Lemons easy. .
Nothing new in Dried Fruits.
Provisions quiet at the old quotations.
Meat market unchanged.
Trading light on the local stock exchanges.
Pacific Codfish higher. .
Linseed Oil marked up. ¦ . .
Silver and Exchange unchanged:
Wheat dull and lower. Barley dull and firm.
Heavy purchases of Oats. Corn and Rye quiet.
Hay and Fccdstuffs steady and unchanged.
LONDON,- April- 15.— Atchison. 67%; Cana
dian Pacific. 97%c; Union Pacific preferred,
87V4; Northern Pacific, 99; Grand Trunk, 8%;
Anaconda. 11. Bar silver, steady, 27%d per
ounce. Money, 2%@3 per cent.
CLOSING.
The stock market - here was waiting to-day,
business being reduced pending the statement
on Thursday of the budget and the policy of
the Government in raising money by another
war loan or by taxes. The tone was very ir
regular. American shares, although inactive,
were firm on Saturday's bank statement and
the Government's purchase of bonds, both of
which incidents were read rearsurinsly. Ber
lin bought Eries early, giving the list a lead
toward better prices, but when New York
prices came over with the news that Wall
street was dull a sagging movement set In
and lasted up until the close. The favorites
here were Southern Railway preferred, the
Union Pacifies." and on the expectation of a
two per cent dividend on the common Atchi
son • issues. Common shares of the Mexican
Railway spurted on the belief that American
combination in Mexican must eventually in
clude the English roads.
NEW YORK. April 15.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financiel cablegram says:
London Market.
WASHINGTON. April 15.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 in the divi
sion of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $155,128,991; gold, $98,391,707.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK. April 15.— Money on pail, firm,
at 3@6 per cent; last loan, 3 per cent; ruling
rate, 5%. Prime mercantile paper,' 3%@4% per
cent. I Sterling - exchange, firm, with actual
business in bankers', bills at $4 S7%@4 88 for
demand and at $4 84% for sixty days. Posted
rates, $4 85% and $4 89. Commercial bills,
$4 83%@4 84»4. Silver certificates, nominally.
60c. Bar silver, 59c. . Mexican dollars, 48c.
Government bonds, irregular; State bonds, in
active; railroad bonds, strong. •'
New York Money Market.
Money — ' West End 9S
Call loans 3 @4 Bonds-
Time loans 3%@4% Atchison 4s 101%
Stocks— . Minlnr Shares—
A T.& S F.... 65U Adventure 15%
A T & S F prefd. 95% Amalg Copper 124%
American Sugar. ...145% Atlantic 33
Am Telephone 172 Boston & Mont 424
Boston & Albany. 264 Butte & Boston.... 113
Boston & Maine.. .193 Calumet & Hecla.830
Chgo. Bur & Q....1S8V4 Centennial 28
Dominion Coal.'.... 36 Franklin 18V.
Dom Coal prefd...U3 Humboldt 25
Fltchburg prefd ..146, Osceola Sfi
General Electric... 226 Parrot 56%
Ed Elec 111 240 Quincy 185 ',
Mexican Central... 25 Santa Fe Copper... 9%
N E Gas & Coke.. 114 Tamarack 345
Old Colony 209 Utah Mining 35%
Old Dominion 33 Winona 45*
Union Pacific 93% Wolverines 32%
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
1 Chicago Term 4s... 96U S Railway 5s 116%
Colorado So 4s 87% Stand R & T 6s... 53
D & R G 4s ..102% Tex & Pac lsts....lt9Si
Erie general 4s.... 88^ Do 2ds 100
F W & D C lsts..lO4ii U Pacific 4s. 106%
Gen Electric 5s....lS5U Wabash lsts 120
Iowa Cent lsts 117 Do 2ds .11014
L & N uni 4s 102% West Shore 4s 114%
M K & T 2ds 80% WiscCent 4s 89%
Do 4s. 98 Va Centuries 95%
NYC lsts 107% < 4
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con.... 23iLlttle Chief 14
Alice 35lOntario 8 75
Breece ....'...1 30,Ophir ..; 72
Brunswick Con lolPhoeriix 08
Comstock Tunnel... to Potosi :.' 07
Con Cal & Va 2 25 'Savage 08
Dead wood Terra..'.. 50 Sierra Nevada 30
Horn Silver ..1 10 Small Hopes 65
Iron Silver 60 Standard 4 15
Leadville Con 05
OREGON,
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, April 15.— WHEAT— Quiet and un
changed; Blue Stem, 59c; Club, 56>£c.
PORTLAND, April 15.— WHEAT — Walla
Walla, 57@58c.
Northern Wheat Market.
Portland's Business.
f PORTLAND, April 15.— Clearings, $515,860;
balances, $60,273.
HOPS-rAt London: Pacific Coast, steady, £4
<S £4 15s.
"WHEAT— Spot— Quiet. No. 1 California, 6s
5%d; No. 2 red Western winter, 5s lid; No. 1
Northern spring, 6s Id. Futures — Steady. May,
5s 9d; July, os 9%d.
CORN— Spot— Firm. American mixed new,
4s %d; American mixed old, 4s lUfcd. Futures
—Steady; May, 4s; July, 3s ll%d; September,
3s ll>id.
CLOSING.
LONDON, April 15.— Consols, 95%; silver,
27%d; French rentes, 101f 15c; cargoes on pas
sage, rather easier; cargoes No. 1 standard
California, 29s 9d; cargoes Walla, 29s 3d; Eng
lish country markets, quiet and steady; import
into United Kingdom, wheat, 299,000; import
flour into United Kingdom,* 199,000; wheat and
flour on passage to United Kingdom, 4,010,000;
wheat and flour on passage to Continent,
1,760,000; Indian shipments wheat to United
Kingdom, none; Indian shipments wheat to
Continent, none. • -
LIVERPOOL, April 15.— Wheat, dull; No. 1
standard. California, Gs 2%d@6s 3d; wheat In
Paris, quiet: flour in Perls, quiet; 'French
country markets, quiet. . • ' ,
Foreign Markets.
NEW YORK, April 15.— The visible supply of
grain Saturday, April 13, as compiled by the
New • York Produce Exchange, is as fololws:
Wheat, 51.873,000 bushels; decrease, 2.017,000
bushels. Corn, 22,026,000 bushels; increase, 36,
000 bushels. Oats, 11,271,000 bushels; Increase,
108,000 bushels. Rye, 109,000 bushels; decrease,,
17,000 bushels. < Barley, 819,000 bushels; de
crease, 31, COO.
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. April 15.— Less than 10 points
variation occurred in cotton prices to-day. The
opening was steady, though off 2@3 points.
That the tratie .here took little stock in the
Liverpool heaviness was shown by a sharp
rise of 5@9 points soon after the opening.
Several of the more prominent bears Bold for
a turn when May reached $8 04 and July $7 95.
This selling proved' successful, as prices re
turned to about the final basis of Saturday's
closing. A flurry of covering carried prices to
the best level of 'the day in the last half
hour and the market closed steady, with prices
net 2@5 points higher.
Neiv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, April 13.— Speculative Interest
in. the metal market was generally withheld.
The market for tin to-day, although denoting
a rise of about 25 points on asked prices with
a firm tone was anything but satisfactory,
th'ere being little or no trading at the ad
vance, which was principally due to the .posi
tive strength in that metal abroad. The close
here was flrni at $25 85@26 25, against the nom
inal close of $26 on Saturday. In London an
advance of £1 5s was recorded, making spot'
tin £116 and futures £112 15s.
Copper was quiet but firm here, with some
business executed -at $17 for Lake Superior.
London copper was unchanged. The local mar
ket closed at $17 for Lake Superior and $16 62%
for casting and electrolytic.
Lead wfs dull and unchanged. At London,
however, a further decline of Is 3d occurred,
dropping the spot price there to £12 6s 3d.
Spelter was tolerably steady at $3 90@3 95,
while at London quotations went oft 2s 6d,
closing at £16.
Domestic iron markets ruled rather quiet but
steady at old prices.
New York, Metal Market.
CHICAGO, April 15.— CATTLE— Receipts.
25,080, including 200 1 Texans. Steady except
medium steers. Texas firm. Good to prime
steers, J5@6; poor to medium, $3 90@4 95; stock
ers and feeders, $2 75@4 75; cows, $2 75@4 50;
•heifers. $2 75@4 75; canners, $2 10@4 70; bulls,
$3 75@4 50; calves, $4@5 50; Texas fed steers,
J4 25@5 35; Texas grass steers, ?3 50@4; Texas
bulls, $2 75@3 90.'
HOGS— Receipts , to-day, 24,000; to-morrow,
20,000 estimated; left over, 3000. Opened steady,
closed easier; top, $6 25. Mixed and butchers,
$5 90@6 20; good to choice heavy, S6 05@6 25;
rough heavy, $5 90@6; light, $5 90@6 17&; bulk
Of sales, S6 05@6 17%. . ¦
. SHEEP— Receipts, 24,000. Sheep slow; shorn
export, $4 90@5 10; Iambs steady to slow. Colo
rado muttons, $5 35;. good to choice wethers,
$4 75@5; fair to choice mixed, $4 60@4 80; West
ern sheep, $4 75@5; yearlings, $4 80@5 10 ; native
lambs, $4 75@5 35; Western lambs, $5@5 35. ' '
Chicago Livestock Market.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— May Jul>' ;
Opening ;...' ..;... 5 8% 5 SVi
Closing •. 59- 6 9%
Wheat— ' Anrll. May-Aug.
Opening : 18 65 19 35
Closing ; is 65 19 35
Flour-
Opening 23 70 24 S5 •
Closing 23 70 24 35
short-rib tides (loose), $S 2o@8 40; dry, salted
shoulder* (boxed), IQlMc; -short clean sides
(boxed), $S 37%@8 50; whisky, basis of high
wines, $1 27; clover, contract grade, $10*75@ll.
'Articles— .- Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 25,000" < 29,000
Wheat, bushels .:.... .........116.000 110,000
Corn, bushels ..-....- ....158,000 89.00U
Oats, bushels .......223.000 126.000
Rye.. bushels . ...:..... 3.000 2.003
Barley, -bushels : 19.000 2.00°
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was easy; creameries, 15® 20c; dairies,
H@lSo. Cheese, steady. ll@12Vic, Eggs, steady;
fres)j, 12c. ¦ - ¦ .
* - — '. — *
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 63; Calcutta.
¦ All descriptions remain as before.
BEEF— 7@Sc for Eteers and 6®7c per lb for
cows. - r ,
VEAL- Large, 7@Sc; small. 9c per lb.
. MUTTON— Wethers, S@9c; Ewes, 7^®8c per
pound. - . , ¦ . . ; V|
' LAMB— Spring. 9@10c per pound. '
PORK— Live Hogs. 180 lbs and under. 6%c;
180 to 225 lbs, C%@6%c: 225 and over, 6@«i4c;
feeders. — — ; dressed Hogs, 8%@9V4e. .
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about IV2C under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 9%c; medium, 8%c; light; 8a Cow
Hides. 8>/4c for heavy and 8c for light; Stags,
6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Salted ' Veal. 9c; Salted
Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 15%c: . Culls. 13c: T>rf
Kip, 15c; Dry Calf, 16c: Culls and Brands, 12@
13c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15025c each; short
Wool, 30040c each; medium, 50@65c; long Wool,
75c@$l each; Horse Hides, salt. S2 50 for large
and $2@2 25 for medium. $1@1 25 for small and
50c for Colts: Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for large,
$1 25 for medium, |1 for. small and 50c for Colts.
Deerskins— Summer or red skins, 35c : fall or
medium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins. 20c.
Goatskins— Prime Angoras,. 75c; large and
smooth, 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered," 4%c per lb; No. 2,
3%@4c; grease, 2@2Hc.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or . 1901— Humboldt and
Mendocinp, lo@16c per lb: Northern, free, 12@
13c; defective, 9@llc: Middle County, free, 10@
He; do. defective. 8@10c; Southern. 12 months,
S@9c: Southern, free. 7 months. 7@10c: do. de
fective. 7 months. 7@8c; Oregon Valley, fine,
15@16c; do, medium and coarse. 14@15c; Oregon,
Eastern, choice, 12@14c; do fair to good, 9@llc;
Nevada, 10@12c.
¦ HOPS— 15@20c per. lb.
Xhe market continues quiet and steady.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for
heavy 12%@13c for light medium. 13V£c for
light, 14',4c for extra light and 15&c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13c; Mess
Beef. $12 50 per barrel; extra Mess. $12 50; Fam
ily, $13 50;- prime Mess Pork, $15©15 50; extra
clear. 123; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef, 14c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb. for
compound and 10%c for pure; half-barrels,
pure, 10%c: 10-lb tins, HVic: 6-lb tins. ll^c.
i COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 8%c; three
half-barrels. 8%c: one tierce, 8Hc; two tierces,
gc; five tierces. 7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallozu, Wool and Hops.
Provisions.
PRUNES— Santa Clara, 4 sizes, 2c; 30-40S, — ;
40-50s, 3%c; 50-60s, 3V4c; 60-70s, 2%c; 70-80s, 2%c;
80-903.. l%c; 90-lOOs, l%c; 100-120s, lUc. These
prices apply to all districts alike, no more dis
crimination being made.
RAISINS — The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb; • choice, lie;
standard, 10c; prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's. 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, 10%c per lb;
choice, 9 J /4c; standard, 8%c: prime, 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless, 50-lb boxes.
6%c; 4-crown. 7c; 3-crown, 6%c; 2-crown. 6c.
Pacific brand, 2-crown, 5c; 3-crown. 5%c, and
4-crown, 5%c: seeded (Fresno prices), 5c; Lon
don Layers, 2-crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown,
$1 60: Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Im
perial, $3. All prices f. o. b. at common ship
ping points in California.
NUTS— Chestnuts, S@10c per lb for Italian;
Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 10c; No. 2. 7%c; No.
1 hardshell. 9%c; No. 2, 7c; Almonds, 12S13c
for paper-shell. 9@llc for softshell: Peanuts.
E&6c for -Eastern; Brazil Nuts. ll@ll%c: Fil
berts, 12@12%c; Pecans, N ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
$S 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, 13%@14c for bright and 12%
@13c for light amber; water white extracted.
7@7Hc; light amber extracted. 5@6c; dark, 4@
Sc per lb. i
BEESWAX— 25@2Sc per lb.
The market stands as before quoted.
FRUITS— Apricots, 5@7V4c for Royals and
8%@10c for Moorparks; ¦ Evaporated Apples,
3iJ@5c; sun-dried, l%@2c; Peaches, 3@3%c for
standard.* 4@5c for choice and 5@6c for fancy;
Fears, 2@7c; Plums, pitted. 3V£@5c; unpltted,
l(Sl%c; Nectarines, 4@4V4c for red and 4@5c
for white.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and' Raisins.
Seven cars of Oranges were auctioned at
higher prices, as follows: Fancy Navels, $1®
2 05;. choice do, 90c@$l 70; standard do, 85c@
Jl 45; Seedlings, 75@90c; Mediterranean Sweets,
?1 13@1 45; Bloods, S5c@$l 50.
Limes were weak at the decline noted Satur
day. Oranges ruled firm and Lemons weak.
Strawberries were lower, as usual at the
beginning of the week.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
• STRAWBERRIES— $S(gll per chest for Long
worths and $5@8 for large berries. Receipts
vere S3 chests.
APPLES— $1®2 50 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, 75c@$2;
Seedlings. 75c@$l; Tangerines, 50c®$l 25; Lem
ors, 50c@$l for common and $1 25@2 for good to
choice; Grape Fruit. 50c(g$l 50;. Mexican Limes,
S4\50; Bananas, $1 25@2 50 per bunch; Pine
arple3, 75c@?2 per. dozen. {
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
BUTTER— Cieamery. 17@17V 2 c per lb for
fancy and 16@16',2C for seconds; dairy, 14@16c
per lb.
I CHEESE — Choice mild, new, 9%@10c; old, 9c
per lb. ¦
EGGS— Ranch, 16@17c for good to fancy;
store, 14(g>15c per dozen.
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extras, 16c; firsts, 15c; seconds,
Dairy— Extras, 15c; firsts, 14c; seconds, ;
¦tore,- lie.
QIiEE.SE— Fancy, tull cream, 9V4c; choice,
S^&c; common, nominal; Young Americas, 10c;
Eastern, full cream, 14@16c per lb.
EGGS—
California Ranch— Selected White. 15c; mixed
colors, 14c per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, 13%c; stand
ard, 12'/2c; seconds, .
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
There was little change in anything yester
day, either In the open market or on the Ex
change. Dealers on the street reported the
demand for Eggs not as sharp as It has been
and that stocks were somewhat larger.' There
¦was plenty of Butter on the floors and the feel
irg was none too firm.
Receipts were 99,400 pounds and 202 tubs of
Butter, 1439 cases Eggs. 1230 cases Eastern
Eggs. 19,130 pounds California Cheese and
pounds Eastern Cheese.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs
GAME— Gray Geese, $3: AVhlte Geese. $1;
Brant, $1 50; ¦ English Snipe, S3: -Jack Snipe.
$1 50; Hare.- $l<51-25; Rabbits, ?1 25 for. Cotton
tail and 75c@-$l for Brush.
One car of Eastern came in. Local stock
•was nominal. -
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9@lle for Gob
blers and 12@13c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 50@l 75; Goslings, $2 23® 2 75; Ducks, $5@6
for old and J6@8 for young; Hens, . $4@5 50;
young Roosters, $6 50@7 50; old Roosters, $4 25
@4 50; Fryers, - J5@6; Broilers, $4@5 for large
and $2 50@3 50 for small ; Pigeons, $2 per dozen
for old and $2 50@2 75 for Squabs.
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLKF— Rhubarb. 5Oc(f?<1 25 per box:
Asparagus, $1 7502 for fancy, Jl 23@1 50 per box
for No. 1 and 75c<2!$l for No. 2: Green Peas,
$1@1 50 per sack; String Beans, 4©7c; Cabbage.
50@30c; Tomatoes, Los Angeles, $1 60® 2 per
crate; from Mexico, 75c©$l 25 per crate; Egg
Plant. Los Angeles. per lb; Green Peppers,
Los Angeles ; 15c per lb for Chile and 25c for
Bell; Dried Peppers. 12@18c; Dry Okra. 20@25c
per lb; Carrots, 25@35c per sack; Hothouse
Cucumbers, 50c@$l per dozen; Summer Squash,
$150 per box; Garlic, 4@6c per lb; Marrowfat
Squash, nominal." - -
OXIONS — Oregons, $3<g>3 35 per ctl ; Nevadas,
$3@3 50; Cut Onions, • 50c@$l 25 per sack; Aus
tralians,$3@3 75; Green Onions, 40@60c per
box. . '". . •
POTATOES— Early Rose, 70S90c: Burbanks,
40@60c for River and $1@1 15 for Oregon: Gar
net Chiles from Oregon, $1@1 15: Sweets, 60©>
60c for Merced: New Potatoes, lifflKc per lb.
Receipts were 1543 boxes Asparagus, 377 boxes
Rhubarb. 628 sacks Bay Peas and 434 sacks
New Potatoes;
Asparagus was lower under liberal arrivals.
String Eeans declined, and not all of the re
ceipts were sold. Other Vegetables stood 1 about
the eame. ". - .. ;
Some changes In Onions will bo observed.
Potatoes are firm and good old stock Is In light
supply. Three cars of Sweets came In.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 G0(ff3; Canary. 8H@
3%c for Kastern; Alfalfa, 7VitiS l ,ie for Callfor->
nia and 9(g9%c for Utah; Rape, 2©2V4c! Hemp,
3>4c; Timothy, 6^0.
DRIED PEAS— Miles, . $2(8)2 DO; Green, f 2 700
S per ctl; Blackeye. nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 50W2 70: Small White, $4 75
@4 90; Large White, 5 If/ * 15: l'lnk, Jl 75©1 90;
Red, ?3@3 25; Blackeye, $2 75(fi3; Llmas, $9 i5
<p 50; Pea, nominal; Red Kidney, *4 60 per ctl.
There Is no further change In Beans.
Beans and Seeds.
HAY-Volunteer. $5«T8; Wheat,. tll@13j Wheat
and Oat, $9@12; Oat, $9@11 60; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa. JSJt'O 50: Barley, V 5009 60 per ton,
STRAW— 35©47V4c per bale.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Darley. f 17 EO®1» per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, f25©28; jobbing,'
S2G 50; Cocoanut Cake, T17018; Corn Meal, %l»'\H
25 £0; Cracked Corn, $25 6d®26; Mixed Feed,
J15(?16.
MIDDLINGS— $16 E0«19 BO per ton
' Both Hay and FeedstufTB rule steady at pre
vious quotations.
BRAN— $15 60<S16 DO per ton.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. APRIL 15. ,
Flour. <lr sks ...A20.314 Bran, sks 1.C0J
Wheat, ctls 11.W0 Shorts.- sks 2U
Barley, ctls 8,660 Feed, sks 6oO
Oats, ctls LOW Wool, bale. HJ
Corn etl» L133 Wine, gals 68,fcO
TalloV, ctls att Leather rolls ... 279
Bugar. ctls 6.000 Lime, bbls 135
Hay. tons 813 Chicory, bbls .... So
Beans, sks 8 Quicksilver, flsks 92
Potato**, sk» .... 3.455 Hides. No 141
Onions, «ks 85 Pelts, bdls 120
Middlings, sk, •• O^J 3ON - ;
FJour, qr sks 13,443|Potatoes, ska .... 3,281
Oats, ctls 63IOnlons. ska 30
¦ EASTERN.
Oats, ctfs 5001
Grain Basts. June 'and July. 7c: spot. •Tig? 0 ;
local malie. He less than Calcutta* : Wool
¦UttK*. 3u©34c; Fleece Twine. 7M:@8c -• ¦"-.-
COAL— Wellington. i'J per ton; .f^ utn J5"2
Wellington. $3: Seattle. 17; Bryant. *« 60; Cpo«
Uay. *2> tO: Wallsend. J9; Co-operative_\*aHs
end, $3; Cumberland. .113 In bulk and »-. » in
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite EgK. IH.Can:
nel. 110 per ton; Coke, J15 per ton In bulk "4
»17 In nacks; Rocky Mountain incriv }}r^r
t» 43 per 2000 pounds and |S 50 per ton. accord
ing to brand. *-.__
SUOAll— The "Western Sugar Refining com
pany quotes, per 1b. In 100-lb bags: -__
Crushed, «.05c: Powdered. 6.65c: Candy Gran
ulated, C.Mc; Dry Granulated. 6.65c; Confec
tioners' A. 6.66c; Magnolia A, 6.15c; Extra C.
6.05c; Golden C. 4.95c; barrels. 10c more: half
bnrretn. Ko more; boxes. 60c more: 60-lb bags.
106 more. No orders taken for less than 75
barrels or It* equivalent. Domlnos. half-bar
rP i« n.Snr; br>*e*. dRRfl per lb.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Some descriptions have
egaln been marked up. as follows :¦< Bundles,
rer lb, 4»ic; ca*e*. regular. 5.6Oc: do. extra
lHree, 5.7ue; do. EnMern style. «.50c; Boneless.
6V«r; "Norway," 6%c: "Narrow Gauge." 7c:
"Silver Kin*/' 7Wo; blockii. "Oriental.' Wic;
fio "Seabrleht." 7c; tablets. 7%c; middles.
V-ic; do. "Whit* Beal." 8%c; 6-lb boxes fancy.
Tlonele". Be; Z-lb boxes do. 7V4c: desiccated.
•Ollt Edge,*' r*«r doxen. 75c: Ffckled Cod. bar
rels, each. 17 7fi: do, half-barrels, each. *4 73.
LINBElftj OIl^-U higher at 63c per gallon
for raw and 71o for boiled. In barrels; cases.
5o more. , .
THE SAN FBANCISGO CALL, TUESDAY, "APKILlfJ, 1901.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Foreign Futures.
STOCK MARKET.
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
SUMMARY OF' THE MARKETS.
8
Last 1 This I Laet
2i Hour*- Season. Season
STATIONS
I.'ureka.
Bed Bluff
ft era men to
ban Francisco...
Fresno
Independence ...
Han Luis Obiepo
I. ns Angeles
t.fcn Diego
44.49
22.67
17.50
18.99
10.38
5.80
27.88
14.17
10.55
47.31
20.56
16.40
17.89
7.36
2.81
Ij.26
5.71
3.41
Last 1 This I Laet
2i Hour*- Season. Season
STATIONS
I.'ureka.
Bed Bluff
ft era men to
ban Francisco...
Fresno
Independence ...
Han Luis Obiepo
I. ns Angeles
t.fcn Diego
44.49
22.67
17.50
18.99
10.38
5.80
27.88
14.17
10.55
47.31
20.56
16.40
17.89
7.36
2.81
Ij.26
5.71
3.41
AUCTION SALES
PEREMPTORY AUCTION SALE
By Order of Assignee.
Of Contents of SALE AND LIVERY STABLH
Located at
11« FOLSO1I STREET.
THURSDAT April 18
At 11 O'clock.
Stock consists of 23 Work and Driving
Horses, 10 Open Buggies, . 7 Top Bug-
gies. 8 Carts. 4 Surreys. 2 Hacks. 5
Top Rockaways. 2 Wagonettes. 3 Rub-
ber-tired Buggies. 1 O'Brien Patent Spring
Pneumatic Tire Road Buggy, only used a few
times (cost J330 three months ago), has polo
and shafts; 40 Sets Work and Buggy Harness.
4 Saddles. 100 Extra Collars. Lot Wheels, Top,
etc.: 2 Chests of Tools.
Sale: rain or ahlne, as everything positively
¦ must be mold on this date.
«y* -\- S. "W ATKINS. Auctioneer.MR. AND MRS. ADOLPH KO
COUR, 'WHO "WERE MARRIED
YESTERDAY.
FIGHTS DESPERATELY
WITH ABMED FOOTPAD
Seattle Newspaper Artist Beceives
Serious Injuries, but Saves
i His Valuables.
SEATTLE, April 15.— C. A. Bobbett, a
Post-Intelllgencer artist, had a hand-to
hand conflict with a footpad to-night, in
which a bulldog revolver In the hands of
his assailant and a heavy walking stick
used by Bobbett to protect himself played
an imporan t part.
The attempted robbery occurred at 13
o'clock on Madison street, directly' under
the bright glare of an electric arc light.
Notwithstanding the fact that cable cars
and pedestrians are almost continually
passing the spot, the robber fought with
Bobbett until the latter had punished him
terribly over the head with his cane.
Then the robber, realizing that his efforts
were futile, dealt Bobbett two stunning
blows on the head and made his escape
in the darkness.
"My assailant approached mo from be
hind," said Bobbett. "He had thrust tha
muzzle of his revolver against my breast
before I realized his object. The act was
accompanied with the customary com-'
mand, 'Hands up!' I Instantly seized the
revolver and struck at the robb» «• with
my . cane. He attempted to wr : bis
weapon from my hand, but I continued
to rain blows on his head. We struggled
for fully a minute and my assailant final
ly wrenched the revolver from my grasp.
He did not desist, however, but contin
ued to strike at me. I returned the blows
with my car.e and I landed two on his
head after his revolver was free. Finally
the robber made a. feint and landed two
blows in quick succession on my head
with the weapon. I became dazed and
sank on my knees to the sidewalk. The
fellow then turned and fled up Summit
avenue.*' :'-"•¦ •
Bobbett appeared In the- .Post-Intelli
gencer office at 11 o'clock, his clothing*
and face covered with the blood flowing
from the wounds, which t consist of two
deep gashes, one in the center of the
forehead, and the other on the crown of
the head. It required a dozen stitches of
the surgeon's needle to draw the flesh to
gether. Bobbett's skull was not frac
tured and his wounds, though painful, are
not of a. serious nature.
SUES FOB A BECOUirr-
OF JUDGESHTP VOTES
SAN BERNARDINO, April 15.— In the
Superior Court this afternoon Benjamin
F. Bledsoe filed a suit for a recount ot all
the votes cast * here at the election last
November for the judiciary. Bledsoe <D.)
and Bennett (R.) each polled the same
number of votes. Since then the incum
fcent, Superior Judge Campbell, has con
tinued in office. Judge Campbell contends
there is no vacancy, as no choice result
ed from the election. Other prominent
members of tho county bar insist that an
appointment should be made, and several
of them have filed petitions with Governor
Gage In an effort to get the position, which
is for six years and worth $4000 per an
num. It is said Governor Gage has sev
eral names under consideration for the
place.
Bledsoe. In his complaint, alleges there
was much illegal voting.. He claims .to
have ample proof that several men whoso
names were not on the great register cast
ballots. Permission was obtained from
Attorney General Ford to-day to com
mence the action. The contestant Is but
26 years old and is a Native Son.
WOULD LAY TRACK PBOM
SAN DIEGO TO YUMA
Ex-Mayor Carlson Returns From.
Cuba Brimful of His Former
Bailway Project.
SAN DIEGO, April 15.— Ex-Mayor "Will
iam H. "Carlson, who for the past thre«
years has been in the employ of the Gov
ernment, the last year as Commissioner of
Railroads for the Island of Cuba, returned
to San Diego to-day on a short vacation.
Ex-Mayor Carlson was always an en
thusiast on' the subject of building a rail
road from San Diego Bay to Yuma, and
he says that he is now prepared to go
ahead, with backing from three sources,
to build the road If the citizens and City
Council in San Diego will grant to him n.
clear title to the franchise which he ones
owned. He was then stopped from build
ing, by the injunction of the Santa Fe
Railroad, but : he declares that he has
found ample backing to put .the road
through now if he- can get the same sort
of concessions from the city.
General Corhin Will Marry.
¦WASHINGTON, April . 15.—Announce
ment is made of the engagement of Mi&s
Edythe Patten to Adjutant General Cor
bin of the United States 'army. The en
gagement is received with Interest In so
ciety here. Miss Patten is an attractive
brunette, and has long been a leader in
Washington's social circles.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHOENIX, Ariz., April 15.— A report
from Apache County saya that Ed Beeler,
former. Sheriff of that county, was am
bushed and killed on the Arizona-New
Mexico boundary line, near Slenega post
office. Cowboys found him dying shortly
after the shooting. Twelve shots were
fired in rapid succession from behind a
stone "fence, and smokeless powder was
employe'd. Th'e Sheriff and a posse are
searching the hills for the fugitives, with
fair chances of overtaking them.
Tho murder was one of the most cold
blooded and deliberate in the history of
Arizona, and the prominence of the vic
tim has instilled double life into the effort
to run down the fugitives. One theory
advanced is that tho ex-Sherifl's murder
ers are members of the gang of cattle
rustlers and murderers who cut a wide
criminal swath through Southern Utah
and Apache County two years ago, wind
ing up their career 'In that county by kill
ing two promirjtni citizens who were
members of a pursuing party.
His Hurdsrers Are Believed to Ba
Cattle Bustlers Who Operated
V in Apache County Two-
Years Ago. • jt 1,
Bullets Fired From Cover
Carry Death to Noted
Man-Hunter.
BANDITS AMBUSH
FORMER SHERIFF
Switzerland has over 1700 hotels.
A coward encounters a great many dan
gers that don't exist.
ENJOINS PAGE AND OTHERS.— Judge Gra
ham has issued an injunction upon the petition
of 'Allen- R. Partridge restraining Frank W.
Page, George " "W. Bak sr and others ¦ from dis
posing of certain -shares In the Vulcan Smelt
ing and Refjning- Company and certain patents
on smelters of which - the ' plaintiff alleges ' he
was unlawfully dispossessed by the defendants.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Stmr South Portland, Hall, ; .
-OCEAN STEAMERS.
SAILED.
.-:.'. Monday, April 13.
NEW ' YORK— Arrived f* April 15— Stmr Min
neapolis, from London; stmr Amsterdam, from
Rotterdam. . ¦ •' ¦ ' x. '.'¦'• • • • .-
LONDON— Arrived April • 15— Stmr Mlnneha
ha, from New -York. • ?. .
NAPLES— Arrived \ April 15— Stmr "Werra, ¦
from New York, via Gibraltar, for Genoa. -
Objects to Paying Commissions.
City Attorney Lane has filed an opin
ion with the Board of Supervisors in
which he advises that no payment be
made on Tax Collector Scott's request for
$2309 as commission on the military roll
Mr. Lane maintains that the salaries al
lowed the public officials are full compen •
sation for all services. On the' ultimate
decision of • • this question depends the
course of procedure , to be adopted In- ref
erence to similar methods of : conducting
business in the. offices of Assessor Dodgs
and Treasurer Brooks. -.. ¦:.
City Attorney Informs Mayor That
MAY . CONDEMN LAND
FOB PABK PURPOSES
Code Has Been Amended
Permitting If
City Attorney Lane informed Mayor
Phelan yesterday that it was not neces
sary, to ask for a rehearing to determine
If the city had the right to condemn
property for park purposes under the law
of eminent I domain. Section 1238 of th-j
Code of Civil Procedure amended by the
last Legislature, gives the city that pow
er, according. to Lane's: letter, which is
as follows:
Mayer Ph»lan— Dear Sir: The' chief question
concerning the bonds has been answered with
out a rehearing. I find that the code has been
amended at this session so as to permit con
demnation of land for park purposes. • The
only questions remaining: are questions of char
ter procedure. . Very truly,
r . .--, .; C\ FRANKLIN K. LANK
POLICE FIND A SACK OF
DYNAMITE DT THE STREET
Dangerous Explosive Found Lying
Near the Curb on a Business
Thoroughfare.
•A common, ordinary, gunny .sack con
taining fifty, pounds of dynamite was
found, close to the ¦ curbstone, 'near the
corner of Clay and Stockton' streets, by
Sergeant James Donovan and Officer W.
E. Dinan yesterday afternoon. -
-The sack- was lifted carefully and car
ried to a spot free from traffic and pos
sible interruption. The officers then ab
stracted several pounds of the . material
contained in the sack and took it to the
office of 'Captain Seymour.' The latter
declared It dynamite, • and on submitting
it to the -inspection of members of the
powder firm of & Nielson his
opinion was verified. ,. , -
Captain Seymour then ordered the stuff
thrown -overboard; and- the mysterious
sack, together with its contents, was soon
resting at the bottom of the bay. ¦
-The "dynamite, bag" was so placed on
the street when found by . the ; sergeant
and i patrolman that ; it j was " exposed ¦ • to
contact with truck wheels, - and ¦ if < such
contact had occurred fearful results would
have been caused to buildings and life
in the neighborhood.,
PROFESSOR. FEEYEE TEULS
OF CHINESE! FEMALE LIFE
"The Influence and Position of Woman
in China" was the subject of an interest
ing lecture delivered last night at the
Academy of Sciences Hall by; Dr. John
Freyer, professor of Oriental languages
and literature of the University of Cali
fornia. • ¦
Dr. Freyer; spent a number of years, in
the land of Confucius and during the
course of his remarks referred to many
incidents connected with the life of a Chl
neso .female that came under his personal
observation.
"The virtues of women which are ex
tolled in Christian countries receive no
recognition in China," said Professor
Freyer. "The life of a Chinese woman
is one of service. She is not taught to
read or write. When tutors are engaged
to teach the males of well-bred families
the females sometimes .have a chance to
acquire knowledge. Notwithstanding the
disadvantages under which they labor
they sometimes rise above them and in
many cases rule, the husband. Henpecked
husbands are not so scarce In China as
this description would lead one to be
lieve." • '.¦•¦¦;
Speaking of the "foot-binding." to
which Chinese women of high rank are
subjected. Dr. Freyer styled the custom a
cr>ing evil. The question of infanticide
was also discussed by the lecturer who
said: ' : •
•"The Catholic missions have done a
great deal of good in collecting thousands
of female children and bringing them up
In foundling asylums. ' ¦ , •• ¦ ¦ ¦
The lecture was largely attended and
the lecturer was . frequently interrupted
by hearty applause. ",/-,- ,.,- T-.v
DEMANDS THAT THE NEW
COPYISTS BE NOT PAID
Civil Service Commission Notifies
Auditor That Appointments
Are Unlawful.
The Civil Service Commission will make
a determined effort to • prevent the four
new copyists appointed by Recorder God
chaux from receiving any salary. ' At a
meeting last night the commission pre
pared' a communication to be transmitted
to Auditor Wells, In which that official's
attention is called to the alleged unlawful
appointment of the four additional copy
ists, "who were not certified by the com
mission fr.om the eligible list. The
ground for the request is that the recent
decision of the Supreme Court relates
only to deputies in the so-called county of
fices. • The. communication says:
The majority opinion of the Supreme Court
states" that the only Question presented In the
case is whether the city and county • of San
I'rancisco can through its Civil . Service Com
ir.ission prescribe the qualifications of deputies
of certain county officers. They alone- are In
volved and a. "copyist", cannot legally or
logically be held to be a deputy. The appoint
ment' of the aforesaid copyists by the Recorder
is in violation i of the civil service provisions
of the charter and we ask that you decline to
audit their demands.
: President Freud states that should the
Auditor refuse to comply with the request
the Treasurer will be asked to refuse pay
merit. on T . the 'salary demands. : If the
Treasurer declines to so act the matter
will be taken to. court to determine - if
copyists are exempted from the civil ser
vice clause in the charter. When God
chaux appointed the four, additional copy
ists Auditor Wells assured him that their
demands would be audited by him, and, as
the Treasurer -always j honors demands
signed by. the Auditor, it looks as if the
commission must seek relief in the courts.
Private Reed Loses His Life Despite
Heroic Efforts" of Comrades to . N
Save Him.
• Private Reed ¦ of the Twenty-first In
fantry, a member of a convalescent com
pany stationed -at Angel- Island, wa3
drowned Saturday- evening, ¦ despite the
efforts of three gallant soldiers, who
sprang Into the water -when they saw he
was In difficulties. . _f^' y. ."_:•
Heed had been watching a number of
soldiers who were enjoying a swim off the
wharf and determined ¦ to enjoy • a dip in
the bay. After the • men had left tho
water he divested himself of his cloth
ing and plunged In. He was either un
able to swim or was very -much fright
ened, for on arising to the -surface he
threw 'his arms aimlessly about. ¦"'*•.*
Three soldiers, who were on- the wharf,
seeing that Reed was in danger of drown
ing, sprang into the water,. but they were
too late. Heed disappeared beneath the
surface of the water and was evidently
carried away by the strong undercurrent,
for he ' was seen i no more. : His body has
not yet been recovered. ¦,
SOLDIER DROW.NEJ> WHILE •;.¦ .'¦¦ ;:
. J BATHING AT ANGEL ISLAND
-Special Officer George Green, employed
In. Hale Bros.' store,* caught a middle
aged woman In the act of slipping a piece
of cashmere cloth under 'her cape yester
day. The woman . was sent to the City
Hall station, where she was charged with
petty larceny. She : gave her ¦ name as
Mary Cavan and her occupation as a do
mestic. -..- :¦ .V//.V"'
Female Shoplifter Caught.
morning for a northern trip and on their
return they will make their home at 1407
Shotwell street. -
KNIGHTS AND LADIES L
OF HONOR GRAND LODGE
Delegates Will Convene in Annual
Ssssion This Morning in
Pythian Castle.
The Grand Lodge of the Knights and
Ladies of Honor will convene this morn
ing in the Pythian Castle in annual ses
sion. The delegates to that body from the
several lodges are:
A. C. Hearn from Aurora. Antoinette Graft
from Martha, Annie Brigham from Laurel, L.
A. Kidder from Harmony, TV. B. O'Donnell
from Bay City, Dr. F. Kemp Van Ee from
Golden Rule, Mrs. L. E. Kennison front Pa
cific. Mrs. R. Kahl from Star, Mrs. Nellie
Dockery from Magnolia, Mrs. N. O. Bourgig
non from Mistletoe. Ixmis O. Wolf from Oak
land, Mrs. Mariette -Whitten from West End,
S. Conradl from Angel City and D. J. Garnaud
from Yerba Buena. ¦ • -
The name of the delegate from Marys
ville Lodge had not reached the office of
the grand secretary yesterday. In, ad
dition to these delegates the grand officers
form part of the grand body. They are:
Lizzie J. Wheelock, past grand protector and
supreme representative; Z. T. Whitten, grand
protector; JV. H. Anderson, grand vice protec
tor; H.. W. Quitzow, grand secretary; A. Gotn
pertz, grand treasurer; Mrs. E. E. Hall, grand
chaplain; Frances G. Williams, grand guide;
Ellen Fitzgerald, grand guardian, and Emma
Please, j grand sentinel.
A number of propositions looking to the
advancement of the order will be intro
duced during the session. The principal
candidates for the office of- grand ! pro
tector are A. H. Anderson of Sacramento,
who Is in line of promotion, . and either
Dr. or Mrs. O'Donncll. For the office of
grand Eecretary no- one has yet been
named against H. W. Quitzow, the in
cumbent.
Last evening Aurora Lodge tendered a
reception to the grand officers and dele
gates to the Grand Lodge In Union Square
building.
- ; . . : . . y ¦¦-..¦>.¦- •
GUSSIE FUGEL, WHO HAS:
MADE A HIT ' r IN • LIGHT
.OPERA. , .. : .,'.
* : — "'. ,' . """. • .. " — — -*
has been living there for some . two or
three years. There Gussie Fugel joined
him after her separation from her hus
band and there - she again took up the
study of her music and the.. turning of her
taJents to some practical use. She had
been trained in vocal as well as instru
mental music, and naturally she turned to
light opera:
¦ The opera of "La Fiesta." in which Gus
sie Fugel took the part of Bernardo, th©
hero, was recently produced in Denver,
and the Denver papers praised her work
lavishly. The opera is to make a tour of
that section and Gussie Fugel will then
consider- several offers that- have been
made looking toward her, continuing her
staee career. ." ,';.•¦'
s/^X AKLAND, April 15:— Miss Gussie
/f \| Fugel, at one time the belle of tha
It i II German colony in Oakland and
pronounced the best amateur pian
ist in the city, has made a decided
success in light opera in Denver. The
papers of the Colorado capital are singing
the praises of the little Oakland lady, and
declaring that she possesses all of the
grace and charm, of Alice Nielsen. .
This. Is the 'first that has been heard of
Gussie Fugel for some time. At one time
she was known wherever music was heard
in Oakland. She had the finest musical
education -that her parents could objain
for her, arid ' no < function in the German
colony was- perfect without a musical
number from Miss " Kueel. Not alone
among the German population was her
talents appreciated, but she was wel
comed wherever she could be induced to
take part in musical entertainments.
In the course of .time there was an elab
orate wedding in Oakland, when Mis3
Gussie Fugel became Mrs. Julius Crist,
the wife of one of the owners of the blgr
tanning plant in East Oakland. Her hus
band's family was wealthy and prominent
and he was high in the commercial world
of Oakland.
But Gussle Fugel loved her music and
her art xnore than the wealth and the po
sition of her husband, and she refused to
give up her music.. There was a, disa
greement between the two and a separa
tion, and then Gussie Fugel resumed her
Major John H. Belcher.
BOSTON. April 15.— Major John H.
Belcher. U. S. A., retired, dropped dead
in the subway this noon. He was 72 years
old. His home was In Salem.
Constitution Convention Names Five
Delegates Who Will Have an In
terview With the President.': '.¦;.„
HAVANA, April 15.— At to-day's session
of the Cuban Constitutional Convention
five delegates— Senores Tamayo, Capote-,
Uerriel. Portuondo. Lorente — were ao
pointed a commission to g-o to .Wash
ington to lay before President McKinlev
the desires of the convention regarding
th» future relations between the United
Ptate*= /and Cuba. The commission was
inftruHed to confer with Governor Gen
eral Wood regarding the date of depar
ture and best conditions for an interview
with the President.
At to-morrow's session the convention
will consider the advisability of adjourn
ing- until the return of the commission.
Killed by Fomrsr Priest.
LONDON. April 15.— fiignora Orlanda, a
well-to-do widow, and her eight-year-old
Fon, Nicola, were shot Jn Naples by. a dis
credits priest named Don Pietro Potenza.
The woman died Instantly, having been
phot through the brain. The boy, with a
buliet in his back, succumbed as he was
being- taken to a hospital. ' Potenza had
often been reprimanded by his superiors
for irregular conduct.
Governor Nash's Dauerhter Selected.
WASHINGTON, April 13.— The daughter
of Governor Nash of Ohio has been select
ed to christen the battleship Ohio, to be
launched at the Union Iron Works on
May 2S. The customary bottle of wine will
be used in christening the vessel.
Eos-well Miller Declares That the
Deal TTas Been Consummated
Without Earriman in It.
CHICAGO, April 15.— Roswell Miller,
chairman of the board -of directors of the
Chicago. Milwaukee and St. Paul Rail
way Company, asserted to-dav that- tho
negotiations looking: to the purchase of
his company by James J Hill were off,
and would not be renewed, and that there
was no doubt that Hill had obtained con
trol of the Burlington. Asked about the
St. Paul deal. Miller said:
"There was a time when it looked as
though Hill and the Interests associated
ivith him might obtain *.hk St. Paul road,
r>ut that time is passed, and negotiations
syill not be renewed. While I am not off
icially acquainted with the facts, there
s no doubt in my mind that Morgan and
Hill have acquired the Burlington. With
:he Burlington deal. E. H. Harriman, con
trary to the general opinion, has nothing
:o do. It is distinctive!" a Morran-HUI
leal, and not a Harriman-HIll deal, and
hat Is why the Erie figures so proml-
CUBANS ABE SELECTED ,•;(
TO GO TO WASHINGTON
SAYS HILL CONTROLS
THE BURLINGTON LINE
New Yorker Interested in Scheme for
Mammoth Structure in'
• This City.
NEW YORK". April 15.— The Journal
Fays: >?ew York capital Is back of a plan
to erect In San Francisco one of the finest
vaudeville theaters in the West. Former
State Senator William J. LaRoche of
Kings County is the head and front of the
enterprise. He Fays the capital has al
ready been subscribed, and even the con
tracts with various theatrical companies
have been closed, conditioned, however,
upon the erection of the building within a
oc-rtain time.
"I have just returned from a pleasure
trip across the continent." said LaRoche
last night, ''and am in a position to say
that a vaudeville theater of the mam
moth dimensions contemplated will be
very successful in San Francisco. I at
tended a performance in the only vaude
ville house in that city and was struck by
the lack of accommodations and the won
derful crush of the most fashionable peo
ple there anxious to get in.
"I told Mr. Rich of A. J. Rich & Co..
who was with me, that I had no doubt
vaudeville was the coming business In
theatricals, and we then and there formu
lated a plan to give San Francisco a build
ing that should do it proud."
LaRoche sail he scarcely thought it
possible that the building would be ready
for occupancy in less than a year and a
half.
PEOMISES TO BUILD
BIG VAUDEVILLE THEATER
POLICE OF* GERMANY
AWAIT AN ANARCHIST
Member of a South American Club
. Said to Be Commissioned to
Assassinate William.
NEW YORK, April 15.— A Journal spe
cial from Berlin says: The entire body of
German police, especially those stationed
at seaport towns! and the Berlin political
police, are eagerly watching for an /an
archist named Romagnoli.. It has trans ;
pired that Romagnoli, who recently lived
in South America, is now on his way to
Germany, intrusted by the Buenos Ayres
Anarchist Club with the task of assassin
ating the Emperor.. •
Romagnoli so far has evaded the police
It is conjectured that -he left the ship at
some intermediate port. • . .
TROOPS ARE -GUARDING
THE CITIES IN RUSSIA
Fear of More Student Biots Requires
That a State of Siege Be
. Maintained. " ¦ :¦ \
LONDON, April i 16.— "Until Rafter ;the
Russian easter," /says the Odessa correr
spondent of the Daily .Express, "the
towns of Odessa, Kieff, Kharkoff. Eliza
bethgrad, Ekaterinoslav and Nikolaieff
will be held virtually in a stage of siege.
All the public bulltlings are occupied by
troops. The streets are patrolled by Cos
sacks and assemblages are . forbidden.
These conditions resuit from a fear of the
renewal of the student riots." :
Ends Life With a Bullet.
GRASS VALLEY, April 15.— Thomas
Eaunster, aged 21, committed suicide by
blowing the top of his head off with a
Winchester rifle last night at his home in
North San Juan, eighteen miles from
here. Drunkenness is given as the cause.
Bun Down by a Train.
SACRAMENTO, ! April : 15.— Peter D.
Beardsley, a painting contractor of this
city, while driving to Oak Park" this even-
Ing was struck by an incoming freight
train at Thirty-first and R. streets, and
Instantly killed. -
Seaton Sentenced to Death.
SEATTLE, April 15.— "W. A. Seaton was
to-day sentenced, by Judge Griffin .to. be
hanged for the murder of Dan Richards,
the condemned man's uncle. No date was
set. Seaton in a fit of anger killed his
uncle with an ax while the latter. slept. „
THE DAY'S DEAD.
General A. C. McClurg.
CHICAGO, April 15— A private telegram
announces the death to-«iay at St. Aug
ustine Fla. , of General A. C. McClurg,
head of the publishing house of A. C.
McClurg, "& Co. General McClurg was
widely known both as a. business man and
as a factor in public aifalrs, in which he
always showed a lively interest. He served
through the Civil "War from. 1862, entering
as a private in the "Crosby Guards," af
terward Incorporated in the Eighty
eighth Illinois Infantry, and came out as
a colonel; with a brevet rank of briea
dier-general. He was bcrn in Philadel
phia, but grew up In Plttsburg; took/ a
course of studies at Miami University;
Oxford, Ohio, and later studied law under
Chief Justice Lowrie of Pennsylvania.
He came to Chicago in 185y. .
' Mgr. James McMahon. ; -
WASHINGTON, April 15.— Mgr. Jame«
McMahon died at the Catholic University
to-day He was 84 years of age. He had
been -at the .university, for about eight
years but had no official connection w.ith
the institution. He was born in Ireland,
but came to this countrv • manv years
ago The greater part of hl3 life work
was done in New York and vicinity. ¦'-.--..
He gave liberally of his large property
interests in New York City to the.uni
versity, furnishing $250,000 for the erec
tion of McMahon Hal!, the second prin
cipal building of the" group in the univer
sity grounds. /____^_|_^_ - • , -
• Louis Linoberg.
SAN JOSE, April 15.— Louis Linoberg,
one' of the pioneer business men of the
State, died here, this evening at the age
of 70 vearsJ He was the father of Mrs.
Phil Hlrschberg. Mrs. Charles Hirschberg
and Montague K Lincberg of San Fran
cisco; Mrs. Tobe Rinaldo and Ann!©, Ro
sina and Adeline Linoberg of this City.' He
was a- member of -the Masonic order, the
Red Men and the B'nai B'rith.
General Gras.
AUXERRE,. Department .of Tonne,
France, April 15.— General Gras," inventor
of the rifle which bears his name, died
here to-day ct apoplexy. „ , •
A PRETTY wedding was that of
Adolph Kocour and Miss Marie
Claudia Jung, solemnized last
evening at St. Peter's Church,
Father Lyons officiating. ; It was
a quiet wedding and only the relatives and
immediate . friends of the contracting
parties were present. The church was
prettily decorated for the occasion with a
wealth of potted palms and. ferns. The
bride was attended by Miss Frida Tous
saint, who acted as maid of honor. John
Prosek Jr. officiated as best man. The
bride wore an exquisite gown of white
chiffon, over white silk, and elaborately
trimmed with lace. The bridal bouquet
was composed of lilies of the valley.
Miss Toussaint was attired in a dainty
gown of pink organdie over pink silk.
After the ceremony a banquet was
served at a downtown, restaurant.
The bride is the only daughter of
Nicholas Jung and is charming- and ac
complished. She is recognized as a belle
in her own particular set and enjoys an
enviable reputation as a musician.
Adclph 'Kocour is a well-known furrier
of this city and popular both in business
and social circles. •¦' ¦ ' '.*'
Mr. and Mrs. Kocour will leave this
BARBERS' UNION ADOPTS
NEW SCHEDUXE OF PRICES
Sunday and Holiday Snavers Will
After May 1 Have to Pay 25
Cents.
Fully eight hundred members of the
Journeymen Barbers' Union attended a
meeting in the Shiels building last night
and cheered the various sentiments of the
members who gained the "floor and ad
dressed the assemblage.
The efforts of Manuel Azevade to have
his name placed on the roll as a journey
man barber precipitated a debate that
lasted for several hours. He had been
admitted to membership at a previous
meeting, but developments proved that he
had not served a sufficient length of time
in mastering the art. of shaving and hair
cutting to make him eligible as a journey
man. The members of the union took the
stand that their rules were made for the
purpose of preventing an abuse of jour
neymen barbers' privileges «jid .as a result
the name of Mr. Azevade was dropped
from the membership roll and added to
the list of apprentices.
J. J. Calish presented a resolution bear
ing ¦ the signatures of 500 bosses, which
provided for the raising of the price of a
shave to 15 cents on all' days other than
Sundays and holidays. Twenty-five cents
-was named as the price to be charged on
the last named days. ¦
The resolution further provided that the
raise in prices should go Into effect
Wednesday. May 1. 1901.
A partial report -submitted by Secretary
Currier showed that the picnic given by
the union at Germania Gardens last Sun
day was decidedly successful.
The salary of Secretary Less was placed
at 518 per week. Stress of work was
given as the reason for the increase.
The members of the Barbers' Union
have ever evinced an intention to attend
the ball games, despite the boycott of the
Building Trades Council, and intend con
tinuing giving their patronage.
» '-.
New Officers for Builders' Exchange.
The following officers have been elected
by the Builders' Exchange for the ensu
ing year: •
President, S. H. Kent; vice president, Thomas
Klam; recording secretary, James A. Wilson;
treasurer, J. J. North; financial secretary.
John A. Dunker; doorkeeper, Julius Krauss;
membership committee— Thomas Elam, Charles
A. Ingrerson and James Kennell; rooms com
mittee—Charles A. Day. T. Sullivan and R.
Herring; finance committee — E. 1». Snel!,
Thomas Butcher and R. Herring; arbitration
committee— James A. Wilson, R. Herring, C.
A. Ingerson, Thomas Butcher, Thomas Elam.
Shoe "Workers Uphold •. Boycott.
At a nycting held last night of the
Boot an5 Shoe. Workers, after addresses
had been made by P. H. McCarthy. E. J.
Brandon. H. M. Saunders and others, it
was decided to maintain the boycott
against the- baseball league and appoint
a committee of five to see that no mem
bers of that union attended the games.
Possibility That All Employes in
Branches of United States Steel
Corporation Will Save
, aPart.
PITTSBURG. April 15.— As a result of
the 'dispute that for a week past has in
volved the employes of the W. Dewee'a
wood plant of the American- Sheet Steel
Company at McKeesport, about half of
the men are on strike- to-day and the
operation of the plant is' badly crippled.
The cause of the trouble was the recent
discharge of. seven men, who," the- men
claim,' were dismissed because they were
members of the newly- organize^ lodge of
the Amalgamated Association.. .
The strike was ordered at a meeting of
the local lodge ye3ierday . afternoon and
went into effect at 1 o'clock this morning.
All is quiet about the works to-day. None
of the discontented workmen are loitering
about the mill and there is- no prospect
of trouble. The members of the firm say
that they will continue the operation of
their plants and that if they are troubled
by the strikers at McKeespor£' they will
ship their material elsewhere for. manu
facture. The mill employs about 800 men
and about half of them are now out.
The event is looked upon as momentous
throughout the iron and steel trade of- the
country, from the fact that it is the first
conflict between organized labor and the
new United States Steel Corporation- and
because of . the announced i intention to
day'of President TV J. Shaffer, the head
of the Amalgamated Association of Iron,
Steel and Tin Workers, to tie up every
plant of the new combine— steel, tin, tube,
structural iron/ wire and all — if necessary
to win the fight. - :
.As to the chance that tho men in all
the mills of. the United States Steel Cor
poration will be called- on to come out no
one connected with- the management of
any of the organized plants in the new
corporation will consent to be quoted. The
only underlying companies in the new
corporation whose- mills 'are entirely in
dependent of the Amalgamated Associa
tion are the Carnegie interests and tho
National Tube Company. The mills of the
American Steel Hoop Company, the
American Tin Plate Company and the
Republic Iron and Steel Company are all
organized, while most of those of the
American Sheet Steel Company and the
National Steel Company and a few of the
National Steel, American Steel and Wire
and American Bridge plants work under
the Amalgamated Association. Most of
the American -Steel and Wire plants are
controlled by the rod mill men. . . •
Strike Near. Pittsburg May
Be Beginning of Great
Controversy.
LABOR OPPOSES
A GIANT TRUST
MAIL CARRIERS
LOST IN SHOW
Furious' Storm Imperils
Travelers on the Roads
in Wyoming.
Three Engines Are Demolished in a
Collision, but the Trainmen
Jump and Save Their
OMAHA. April 13.— Special dispatches
to the World-Herald from Cheyenne,
Wyo.. and other points west say that in
the blizzard now raging railroad traffic
has not yet been impeded, but as the snow
is drifting blockades may occur. W. D.
Werner, a star route mail carrier between
\Mieatland and Phillips. Wyo.. became
lost in the storm on the plains a- week
ago and wandered for three days without
food. When found l.e was snowblind and
almost famished.
John Gillespie, who carries mail from
Cheyenne to Horse Creek. Wyo., -became
lost last Thursday and did not return to
Cheyenne until Sunday. He was obliged
to abandon his mail cart and horse and
for two days and nights wandered aim
lessly about the plains until found by
some sheepherders.
A disastrous train wreck occurred this
morning as a result of the storm about
fifteen miles west cf Cheyenne on the
Union Pacific. An eafclbound light engine
and a Pacific Coast fa.«t freight • struck
head-on, the freight being a double-head
er. All three engines were demolished,
but the crews were uninjured. . having
jumped in time to escape. Traffic was
delayed seven' hours.
CHEYENNE, Wyo.. April 15.— It Js re
ported that the Swan Land and Cattle
Company, which ranges large herds of
rattle in Eastern Wyoming- and Western
Nebraska, has lost upward of 2500 head
cf cattle curing the severe storm of the
past ten days. Some of the animals we*e
•'.riven by the storm over high bluffs and
others were s-moth?rtd in enow drifts.
Jack Edwards lost 7030 head of sheep near
Kimball. N>b.. out of a band of 14,000.
The animals were nu the lambing beds
when the storm came up. Other but
tmailer losses are reported from the range
In "Western Nebraska. South Dakota and
5n the extreme eastern part of Wyoming.
The storm is sti!l in progress and many
stockmen will be ruined.
OAKLAND GIRL MAKES
BIG SUGCESS IN OPERA
Denver Papers Praise Talent Displayed,
; by Miss Gussie Fugel, a Former
Belle of the Athens of the Pacific
THE SAST FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL , 16, ; 1901.
Marie Claudia Jung Becomes Bride of
Weil-Known Furrier at St Peters.
Will Go North for Their Bridal Trip
ADOLPH KO COUR WEDS
PRETTY MISSION BELLE
maiden nam; and quietly dropped out of
Oakland. .,.-..
Outside of her personal frlendg none
kr.ew 'where she had grone, and none heard
of her until .her recent successes were car
ried from the mountain cities of Colorado
to ber old home In Oakland. Her father
went from Oakland to Pueblo, Colo., and
9
A DINNER PUDDING
Of Grape-Nuts Is Charming.
It is a known fact that many people
fall to properly digest the starchy parts of
bread and other food, and ordinary pud-
dines are especially hard on the "Internal
machinery."
The pudding described on the package
containing Grape-Nuts is very delicious
and unusually digestible.
Grape-Xuts food Is made of the "grape
eugrar which results from preparing the
starchy parts of the cereals, In the same
way artificially as the body should do by
natural process. Therefore this food fur-
nishes food all ready for Immediate as-
similation Into blood and tissue. The food
Is ready prepared— requires no cooking
•whatever. Grape-Nuts will be found most
valuable by Athlete, Brain "Worker or In-
valid.
GRAPE-NUTS.
Time to Oil Ufr
Lifef trcry other. coii^Icx'ma^ne^he'Kumaa body has its
periods 'for repair. Sleep is NatureVtime for res£ when die
repair shops or the Brain make good the damage of the waking
hours. The man who cannot sleep, or who suffers from headache,
nervousness, lost appetite, indigestion, heart trouble or pain, is
running with a hot box. Give the tired brain and worn-out
nerves a chance to rest. ' Stop! It is time to oil up,
"I was troubled for ft long time with a stomach dlsor
fler and terrible headaches. I could not rest or sleep and
night after night would lie awake until three or four in
the morning before I closed an eye. The doctors did not
help me ana I began taking Dr. Miles' Nervine. I could
see an improvement the second day, and in & few weeks
. oy head and stomacji trouble were pone."
* ¦ '. :.-' ¦;.- . ' a. B. Sxsor, Astoria, da.
Dt . MHes 9 Wet vine
feeds and rests the weary brain and weakened serve*, Ii
¦ gives zest to the -appetite, stimulates digestion, increases
circulation, and reatorea health to body and mind. ,
Sold by druggists oa guarantee.- * Da. AItjues TtfmnCAT. Go.*, EMiart, tadTHE SAN FRANCISCO : CALL, \TUE SD AY, APRIL 16,1 901 .
10
_ EMPLOYMENT " WANTED— MALE.
."WANTED— A position - In a wholesale hard-
ware, grocery, drug - or dry goods house by
a young man, 19 years of age, to learn the
business; resides with hia parents' and well
connected; salary no object; industrious- and
ambitious;' can furnish highest references.
Address box 3712. Call office.
MAN of first-class education, varied business
experience In Europe and America, seeks em-
; ployment: speaks and writes English, French
, and German fluently; good penman, book-
keeper,, mathematician, draughtsman; willing
to act as secretary, ¦ wait on Invalid, work
about house, anything. Box 3713, Call office.
WANTED — By a young man. a position as
elevator man. Address Box 3776. Call office.
WANTED— Position with family, city or coun-
try; handy man in garden and can take
care of horses or cow; good watchman; care
taken of a farm. Box 3772, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man handy with horses and
tools, wants light work; no milking; will
take care of small stable of horses; small
wages If good place. H. W.. 246 Third- st.
YOUNG man, 6 years' experience hoisting. en-
gines, would like position out of city. Ad-
V dress box 3771. Call office. '. ¦¦¦'¦¦
BAKER, steady man, wants situation' aa
second on bread and cakes. GEORGE H.
BACHMAN. 22% Seventh st.
FIRST-CLASS painter wants 6teady work In
country town. Address P., box 3779. Call.
WANT to ;) work for private family; care for
horses and work around place; city or coun-
try; reference. WM. BARRETT, .217 Third.
STEADY man wishes situation as night watch-
man. H. Dl, 2224 Bush st. --_-'¦'
WANTED— By a temperate young man with
practical experience, situation as watchmar;
best of references as to character and ability.
Box S733. Call-office. -
SITUATION wanted by middle-age.d barkeeper
In country hotel; references. Address D.
¦LOVETT. 16 Fifth at.
DENTIST— Young dentist with 7 years' experl-
• ence and" all-round man would like to go
in partnership with elderly dentist; either city
or country. Address Dentist, 200 McAllister.
SITUATION wanted by temperate young. man. j
married, good habits, -to look after plumbing,
.. gan heating, electric bells, locks, etc. ; willing
to make himself generally useful about a ho-
tel, public building or private place; . steady
position desired; best of references furnished.
Box 3721. Call office. . ' -
POSITION wanted; a first-class upholsterer; In
or outside work. Box 3730, Call office. - ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. -2200 Fillmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
. lencla st. ." ¦ .
FINANCIAL. ' ... i
FOR "'INVESTORS!!'! ~~
I OFFER FOR SALE
Unimproved and income city property; gilt-
edge bonds and stocks of electric, gas, rail-
road and Industrial corporations; money to
loan; investments- made; bank references;
¦ ¦ correspondence solicited.
. T. OTWAY SADLEIR.
Room 40. 310 Pine St..
¦ - Ban Francisco.
PLATS TO LET.
¦'AA— TURK, 1539, near Steiner— 4 rooms; lot
45x137:6, and stable for 4 horsea. »
A— CLEAN, sunny, modern 5 rooms, bath; nice
garden. ,$20. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
A SNAP— $8; clean bay-window. 3 rooms. -north
of Market. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
A SUNNY modern 1 6-room flat; storeroom. 29-
Elgin *Park. . .
DOLORES, " S22, near . Twenty-second— 6 sunny
rooms; no children. \^
FLAT, 5 sunny rooms; good yard and modern
improvements. . 622 Minna St., near Seventh. -
NEAR City Hall; fine sunny top flat, 6 rooms
and bath. 12 Grove st.
NICE clean sunny flat, 7 rooms, all newly
renovated. 442 Sixth st.. near Harrison.
SEVENTH, 336— Middle flat of .7 rooms and
bath ; modern ; rent reasonable.
3-ROOM flat; Polk and McAllister. Inquire In
. butcher shop. .
$9— THREE rooms. 5 Bonlta St., off Polk, bet.
Vallejo and Green.
$1150 — REAR; sunny 6' rooms; 2-story house.
2510 California St.; apply middle flat. ¦
$17 50— FLAT of 6 rooms and bath. 671 Hayes
st., near Laguna; no small children.'
$18 — 3 rooms, on first floor: large basement
underneath and yard. 812 Ellis St.. nr. Polk.
'FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in cak, $4S F0, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE of 5-room cottage for sale cheap.
1169- Valencia st. -.;.;'¦•' ¦
ASSORTMENTS of furniture, carpets and
stoves: give' us a trial. 1114 Mission st.
' FURNITURE WANTED.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc.. see "W.E.Cody. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
AUCTIONEER John Elder. 22 Kearny, buys &
eellB your bus.,merchandise,fur.,carpet8., etc.
IF you want to sell furn., mdse., etc., see J. A.
Munro & Co., 240 Stockton St.; tel. James 1341.
A. "WOLLPERT, .773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1205 Larkln : tel. Polk 694;
• furniture & furn/d houses bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY buys ycur furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 .Market St.: tel. Jessie 761.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WAITRESS. Point Reyes, $22 50.
Infant's nurse, $25. . - - "•
• Ttestaurant cook, $3 per week; no •¦ , .
Sunday work.
"Waitress and lunch counter girl,
railroad eating-house, Utah, . / ¦
$25 eadv fare here.
Housework. Mountain View, $25.
Chambermaid and waitress,
Fresno County, $25, fare paid.
40 housework girls, city and
country, $15 to $30. . MISS CULLEN, " .)
325 Sutter st. ' > ¦ '
AT C. R. HANSEN. & CO.'S.. ..Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cook, good on -pastry and bread, .country
hotel, few boarders..",...... i ¦••>•• HO
Cook, summer Tesort, fare paid.... $30 to start
Strong woman to run steam washing ma-
. .chine for hotel, city $25 and found
.10 waitresses, country hotels,' fare paid $25
10 waitresses, city .-..: $20, $25
Cook, restaurant, city, $9 week, no Sunday"
. work. -- . • . " •.
' ". . . . FAMILY DEPARTMENT . .V, . .'. . ; . .
Second girl and care of two grown children,
!$30; cook, San -Rafael, small, family, '$30;
cooks, housegirls, • second girls. .
C.-R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
HOUSEGIRL. email American family, J no
washing: office fee paid by lady; $15^ I -
/C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
MAN and wife, wife as cook, man as waiter,
private family, short distance, see party, here
at 10 a. m., $55. ¦ " • ,
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. ,
COOK. 2 in family, German style. $35." .
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St..
WANTED— First-class second girl for " San
. Jose, J25: second girl. Menlo Park, $25; French
or German seamstress and chambermaid, $25;
8 second girls for city and country, $20; $25;
12 cooks, . with and without plain washing.
" for family work. In city and country, at $30,
$35 and $40; 2 cooks for city and country res-
. taurants and hotel!!, $30. $35 and $40: walt-
' resses for family hotels, city and . country, .
$20. $25: 63 girls for general housework in
both city and country families at $20, $25.
$30; nurse and second girl for Belvedere. $20:
girl for cleaning In institution,- $20; second
. girl ' and- laundress. $25; 2 restaurant walt-
¦ resses, $7 week. Apply" to J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 316 Sutter st.
MR'S.'.M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1573
• HOTEL DEPARTMENT
8 waitresses, commercial hotels, $20 and $25:
' 4 waitresses, city. £H); 3 chambermaids . to
wait, $20; chambermaid. $7 . week; woman
cook, restaurant, $9 week, no Sunday ¦ wortc.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Houseglrl^ Berkeley, SSS," see lady 11 a. ,m.;
housegirl. Alameda. $25, see laJy here 11
a. m. ; housegtrl, small American family on
ranch, choice place. $20; 23 • houseglrls, city
and country. $15. $10," $25; nursegirl In hotel,
city, $_•¦. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 3S3 Geary.
A— HOTRL GAZETTE, !G Montgomery, room 1J
—Waitresses, nearby resort, %j0; also places
city. , ¦¦ - - ¦
WANTED— Lady to assist dressmakfnc;. i;$«
Market st.. Murphy building;, room 93.
AX apprentice, on vest*; one. who has had a
little experience preferred. Apply at I71S
Howard st. .--¦*¦" "-¦< . '
TIRST-CLAPS finisher on custom coat j: steady
work. Room 115. Phelan building.
GIRL to take enre of a baby and assist; steady.
si» ro*t st. ;v • ; ,
GOOD -skirt hand: come prepared for work.
Room 66. Murphy building.
OOOD waist hands and good skirt hands. 7SJ
Geary tt., near Hyde.. , . • ' . . ¦
GIRL for llnht housework: reference. Call in
morning nt 213 Stelner st.
WANTED— Girl for general housework and
washing; waws $25. Call • mornings st -1424
San IJruno av*. ¦ I
SPIRITUALIS3I.
ARRIVED — The celebrated gypsy Prince Les-
ter, -whose free tests, calling your name, the
name of the one ybu. love and the name .of the
one you will marry; the only medium In the
world so sure of his occult powerthat he will
give every person who comes prepared a won-
. derfol free test. Call or write, with stamps
for answers, 13S2 Market St., opp. Seventh.
AFTER a severe illness, Mrs. Dr. Farnham, the
world-renowned spiritual medium; advice in
all affairs of life; lawsuits, . divorces, deaths;
unites the separated; mining „ specialty; cir-
cles Sun.fWed., Fri. eve.; letters answered.
Kesld. (no signs). 513 Eddy, bet. Hyde-Larkin.
FREE— W.' ' Brockway. nervo-pathist, locates
'disease without asking questions, looking at
tongue or feeling of pulse, and prospect of
cure; nervous ' and chronic diseases treated
without medicine. 327 Larkin, cor. G. G. .ave.
A— MRS. J. J. "WHITNEY, trance, business
medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant; sit-
tings Tl. 1164 O'Farrell, nr. Gough. EHls car.
MRS. EBERHARDT'S convincing tests to-
nfght. 10c. 3250 Twenty-second St. ; skeptics
invited; telephone Blue 954.
MEETING eyery night except Sunday, Mon-
day": 1238 Howard; convincing test 'Mrs. Max-
well- ¦ .
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night; 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW. Psychic, Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14, 335 Larkin st.
W*. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night except Sat.; 10c 14S Sixth St.. 2d floor.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night; best tests,
10c; prophetic life readings dally. 148 Sixth.
C. V. MILLER'S .materializing trumpet seance
S p. m., SOo. 1084 Bush, near Leavenworth.
PROF. GEE. readings. L. 50c: G. $1; mall, $1;
tlr. Tues.. Thurs., Sat., 8 p.m.; 10c. 513 Jones.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrist, palm-
ist and card reading. 35c. 1241'j Market st.
EARLE. C22 Geary St.. telephone Polk 1S97—
Readings dally; seances Tues. and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 333 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally: tests to all to-night: 10c:
CLAIRVOYANTS.
mme! _- Bernard] — ~ ~—
the famous • '
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg.'
She reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur in the
future. If you are in trouble.dlscontented. un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-
tic, low or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how.- to
overcome them. Valuable advice In all affair*
of life; I$c up: perfect tatlsfactlon guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 120« Mar-
Vet Ft., corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms !5
' and 2«: tak* elevator. .Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed l>y mall; send stamp for mun-
t'hlet with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT. the —rent ejairvoynnt. tfjls
past and future; never falls: has the greatest
Kgytitlan secret;, shows picture of future hus-
band or wife; fees I3e up: satisfaction to
everybody; tips on races. hSH Sixth »t.
MMK. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant A card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses dlseats with life reading; ladies SOc,
gents tl: palm, and clatr. r.lt. SI Mi m Turk. ¦
VIRGINIA, clairvoyant: palmist; ndvlc* on all
nffatrs of- life; business, love, "mining, law-
-Jli-iL 1 !:-/ 6 !! Kearny^ r. S. 6: hrs. 10 to UV I to 7.
IFMAR. the Kjryptlan pypsy. clatrvoyant and
l«lnjlst. permanently located 114$ Market, op.
t*h; prlvat* readings dally. 10 a. m. to % _ m. |
MMC. I.AUOSE. best clnlrvoyant. card reader.
test medium; 23c up. iii Stevenson st.,cor.6th.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, 10c: card reader;
pa»t. present, future; Sic. 14S Sixth St.. r. 14.
MMC. ZEREOA. the typsy. U the great palrn^
1st and card reader; _5c up. 7 Seventh st.
i^J^^^^WAyTjro^yEMAJIJ&^^ni^
GIRL; good cook and assist with housework.
3335 Washington st. ¦ . ~ - .-" - "
DRESSMAKERS wanted at MME. NELSON'S.
;'10l7 Geary st.. near Van Ness ave. : *_ . ¦'
GOOD tailoress on pants. Apply at 908 Mar-
ket st. '
WANTED— Operators on coats. "- Apply S. N.
WOOD & CO.. 718 Market st.V
WANTED— Operators on vests. Apply S. N.
: WOOD & CO.; 718 Market st. - - ¦
WANTED — Pants finishers * and operators:
steady, employment: good wages. SELIG
. BROS.; 108 Battery st. . ¦ ¦
NEAT girl for housework; roust-be good cook;
reference required; 4 in family; ¦ wages '$25.
- Apply at 1728 Bush St., corner Octavia.
QUEEN— Send address" to J. C. BRYNE, box
37S0, Call office. -
WANTED-A waitress at 618 Sixth st.
GIRL " for general housework; good wages.
907 Devtsadero st. -, '
WANTED— An accomplished girl as companion
to lady: one who understands music and light
housework; references. 418 . Montgomery st. -
WANTED— Girl- to assist In "general housework
and plain cooking; call after 9 o'clock a. m.
1400 Webster st. " .' ' ¦' . •
GIRL for general housework; no' cooking; 'ref-
erences required. 37iO Twenty-fifth St.
GIRL i. for ¦ eeneral housework; plain cooking;
wages. $10. 1156 Golden. Gate ave.. -.--¦¦ :
COOK for small home cooking parlor. -3"40 Sut-
ter st. - ¦• . .
EXPERIENCED apprentice on custom coats;
good. wages. 545 Minna st." - * - '".¦••
GIRL to work. on table:' no experience needed;
small wages. 245 Fifth st. . -. .. . ".
NEAT seamstress. Call to-day' at 544 Jessie st.
N 1GHT- cashier for restaurant and bakery; ex-
perienced and references. BREUSS' Cafe, 70
Third st. .'.'".-
GIRL to assist In light housework. 931 Ellis st.
A YOUNG German" girl to assist in -light
housework; no washing. 691 McAllister st.--
WANTED— Elderly woman to keep house for 2
•men; wages $10 per month; German '. pre-
ferred; good home. Box 3787, Call ofHce.
GIRL for general housework." -1235 Geary St.,
corner Gough. ¦ '
GIRL wanted - for • general housework. 222
Golden Gate ave.. '
GOOD finisher on custom pants. 622 Clay. St.,
room 18A: ¦ .. -, • . . '.
WANTED— A good girl for cooking and general
'housework; good wages. Call at 3601 Clay st.
WANTED— Middle-aged woman for light •hou.se-
work. 12 Geary court, near Jones st.'
APPRENTICES for hand work on corsets. 231
Powell st. ' " • . ¦ -." . '
PANTS finishers. wanted by S. N. WOOD &
. CO. Apply at factory, 27 Geary st. ¦
A TAILORESS on custom coats wanted;,
steady work; well paid. 214 Seventh st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers On pants. 1000 Har-
rlson St., corner Sixth. ( .
YOUNG girl to assist- in-,*amlly of 2; may
sleep at home> 1765 Ellis st.
SMALL girl by a small family to assist' in
general housework; $12. . 2825 Twenty-fourth.
"WANTED — Good finisher on custom coats. 927
Market St.. room 623. .. ' : . " •
RE-,. TABLE house has position for good, keen,
mt.'dle-aged business woman; no canvassing;
advancement.; Box 3770. Call office. _.
HAIRDRESSING taught in 4 weeks; positions
secured when finished; eve's, classes; terms
reasonable. Halrdressing College. 574 Geary.
MILLINERY taught in 3 months; positions se-
cured when competent; eve'g. .classes; terms
reasonable. Millinery College, 574 Geary st.
OPERATOR on pants; steady. work. 83 Third
street.
WANTED — An experienced finisher for ladies'
tailoring. 524 Post St. . :
FIRST-CLASS. finisher on custom coats; steady
work; good wages. 40 Ellis St., room 14.
WANTED — Good experienced apprentice girl on ¦
fine coats. 334 Kearny St., room 9.
WANTED— Experienced shirt or waist opera-
tors. EAGLESON & CO., 535 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements 'and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions . has been established at 1091
Valencia it. . ¦
HELP. WASTED-MALE..
A— MURRAY & READY .Phone Main 5S4S
...LeadlngVEmploymeat and Labor Agents...
OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M
TO-DAY WE "WANT 1165 men for different
positions, all parts of California, Arizona and
Oregon; wages from $25 and found to $105....
MECHANICAL HELP.....
3 carpenters ......$2 50 and $3 day
2 carriage painters, country shops; 6 black-
smiths, country shops and ranches, $2 50 day,
$40 and found .....3 norseshoers
Blacksmith helper for the mines $S0
3 blacksmith helpers, different country shops,
$52 50 and $65 :....
TO THE MINES
5 more laborers, no experience required, sur-
face -work $30 and found
. 4 single-hand miners .." ..r.$6O
10 laborers, sawmill company, no experience
required, to work in mills, yards and woods.
....-CITY WORK ....:...
, 5 drillers $2 25 day
15 laborers .: $1 75 day, $26 and found
" Boys for factories $5 and $6 week
MISCELLANEOUS... FARMS AND DAIRIES
3 butchers, city and country
Farmer and wife, $40.... Choremen
Stableman, . country $30
25 farmers and- teamsters $26 and $30
5 men for .hay fleldd $26 and $30
" 15 "milkers, different places.... $30
. Buttermakers, choremen and boys.............
MURRAY & READY.. 634-636 Clay st.
•A — COOK for officers, gold mining company.. $50
23 hotel, restaurant and short-order cooks......
$40 and $50, $9, $10 and $11 week
25 waiters, city and country $25 and $30
4 bakers, country, J40 and $50; third-hand
baker, ¦ $35. MURRAY & READY, 634-636
¦ Clay st.
A— STENOGRAPHER and bookkeeper; lumber
company; country: position $60. MURRAY &
READY. 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ..Phone Grant 185
. i .'. RAILROAD "WORK
' Headers, drillers and . tunnelmen $2 50
For big tunnel..... Chatsworth Park
See boss here ...Free Fare
5 6-horse plowholders........... $2 25
For Cal. and N. W. Ry., Uklah....Free fare
6 carpenters.- country, $3 50 a day, see boss
here; 3 millwrights, country sawmill, ;$4 a
day; blacksmiths, }2 25 and $2 50; blacksmiths
helpers. $35 and $25; 10 milkers, country, $30;
man about place. $25; farmers. $25 and $28...
HOTEL DEPARTMENT..........'...
Broiler, $75; 6 cooks, $40 to $60; 10 dishwashers
and kitchen hands, $25 and $30; 6 waiters, $30
to 540; colored waiter, country club, $35;
' colored extra waiter, country...:.......',.......
C. R. HANSEN & CO... .1Q4 Geary st.
A— WANTED "..-
3 quarrymen for mine $2 a day
3 single-hand miners $2 a day
3 shovelers for mine ;. $1 75 a day
3 farmers, near city .....$26
Harnessmaker for ranch ...,...:..'.. '..$30
Washerand clean harness, country stable.$3O
Hostler, city $30
*,2 men for private places ....'. $20
. Third-hand bread baker. ...:... $35
Coachman and assist gardener $40
Candymaker and tend store $12 50 a week
Tailor for country, piece work.....
Plain painter, city $i 7»a day
W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay. st.
AT CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 59 3d: phone Red 31."
E machinists for Honolulu, .one year's work
guaranteed. $4 per day, see superintendent
here: free fare; free. fare : .
10 laborers, country, $2 per day..
Free Fare..... ....Free Fare Free Fare
r *...4 . carpenters, country
Blacksmith and horseshoer. country, $3 day.
. Machinists Machinists... $4 per day
2 farm hands. ...\.. ( $25 per month
A-HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 15.
Head cook. J20 a week, country: elevator 'boy,
$10; blacksmith for resort. $30 and found.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers'. International Union—
Free employment; only recognised union. 113
Turk: tel. Folsom 15S3. . I. LESS. Secretary.
TAILOR wanted. 1241 Kentucky at. •. *.'«*'-'
FIttST-CLASS carpenters; non-union; no officft
fees. Merh. Reg. Du., 410 Kearny st.
W A NTKP- Coat mtik >r _. Apply S. NV WOOD
6 CO.. 71S Mnrket «.
WANTKO— Foreman for oont factory. • Apply
S. N..W00D A CO;, U*. Market »t.
WAITER wanted at 1234 Point Lohot ave.;
take Oleary-st. ears; $20 per month 'and' found.
r.MNTKR*S wanted nt SSC6 Sixteenth st. T *\
STRONG boy wanted: $4 a week: no experience.
Mutual L.' and L. Co., 27 Main it. .
WANTED — Lnsters on men's heavy work: hand
and .machine. Apply. E. rc. GEORGE, 34
Stevenson et.
WANTED— Operators, on coats. "Apply S. . N.
WOOD *CO,, 718 Mnrket st. •
WANTED— Pants presser: steady employment;
.¦Kood wages. SELIQ UROS., 1CS Battery. st.
A GOOD, .steady ! short-order cook for coftee
and lunch house: wages $18. per week. .\d-
•«—>•• «'<th ,vn« f lfn,.» hoT S7R.1 r»l! ofAr*.
HOTELS TO REST.
FOR rent, cheap— Hotel of 32' rooms: near city.
Apply at Cozy Restaurant. 10C5 Valencia st.
VI LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— A locket Saturday night between here
and Oakland: a bird on one side and a Native
Sons' emblem on the other.. Return to 841>j
Harrison St.; reward; $5.
. LOST— Certificates o* deposit on the Pacific
Bank and People's Savings Bank and mining
stocks. Reward $3 on delivery at S62 Bryant.
LOST— Dosr. foot of Market St.. April 3; brown
water spaniel: Oakland tag 331; $3 reward.
W. R. JENKINS. 214 California. St.
REWARD S10— Lost, star-snaped stickpin set
with diamonds. Box 377S, Call office.
LOST— A gold watch and chain on San Bruno
road, between Sierra Point and Blanken's
Finder 'please return to HIS Guerrero st. ;
suitable reward.
LOST— Sunday, silver key ring with 7 keys.
Please return to or notify 510A Fulton st. ;
reward.
LOST — Greyhound: white and brindle. Return
to 2 South Broderick st. ; reward.
LOST— Fur boa from Fourteenth and Market
sts. to Tw enty-fourth and Diamond; rewerd.
733 Castro st. '
LO3T— A passbook with the Hlbernia Saving*
' and Loan Society of • San Francisco, in the
name of Pacific Coast Commercial Travelers'
Association: No. 212-1240. The finder will
please return to tank.
LOST OR STOLEN— White pointer" dog, red
spot on top of head between ears and on
back. Return 447 Bay St.; liberal reward.
LOST— 2 greyhound bitches: one fawn and ons
black. Return 395 Fell St.; reward!
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
¦jeweler, 243 O'Farroll. bet. Powell and Mason.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
IS pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
3IAT«I3IONIAI_
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
send 10c for list. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis at.
MAITHESSES ANO LPHOIJSTER Y.
_IAT^TREslsES~7nT^pl^^ 79!;
to order or renovated, feather and hair
cleared: expert carpet cleaning: strictly reli-
able. HOPKE BROS.. 31S-32O Eleventh st.
MEDICAL.
A — RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladles only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others: the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstinate
cases are immediately relieved- without pain;
no other treatment will do this: the most dif-
ficult cases treated; scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. 1013' Markt
ST. GERMAIN HYGIENIC HOSPITAL.
The marvelous recoveries that result from
the HYGIENIC TREATMENT aa adminis-
tered by St. Germain are astonishing; con-
sumption, rheumatism, piles, neuralgia, lead
poisoning, ulcers, old sores, the stubbornest
. things. St. Germain does not practice medi-
cine or surgery— simply HYGIENICS. Cot.
Howard and Eighteenth sts. Ready May _.
DR. AND MR& DA VIES. 1223 Market, ladies'
specialists; 32 years' practice: all cases treat-
ed by our wonderful herb remedy; a reliable
treatment, superior to a,ny other,; positive cure
guaranteed at office; patients treated can re-
turn .same day: tho?e wishing to treat them-
selves should send for the Hindoo Herb Horn*
Treatment; .harmless; consultation free.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN. 1035 Market st.. n».
6th— Expert. specialists; well known and reli-
able; 25 yrs. experience; treatment guaranteed
to give" instant relief from all female troubles;
avoid Incompetent specialists; consult free.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 2-i yrs."
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment; home before and- during
confinement. 942 Post. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS.- DR. ALLEN. HIS Market— Reliable lo^
dies" specialist; best medical care; low fees.
ALL cases of female complaints, cured; expert
for 37 years. Dr. V. Popper. 3:3 Kearnv st.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st.. bet. Mason
and Taylor — Reliable ladles' specialist.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. ?c!-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 135-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters.
linoleum, new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits en hand;
32 complete outfits o:< one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J.
. NOONAN, 1017, 1013, 1C21, 1C*3 Mission St..
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
8 H. P. STEAM bolter. $70: 3 II. P.' steam br..
$45; 5 H. P. motor. {65: |_ H. P. Hicks gas
engine, $35: lot of tents and bath tubs, cheap.
LIVINGSTON, 55S Mission st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulle>-3,
etc. WHITELAW. 215 Spear nt.
A LARGE quartz seal, made to order, of
picked quartz, for $70; to be sold for $28.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave. '
BASEBALL calendar, containing pictures of
Bill Lange and .George Van Haltren ; 30c posf-
patd. S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome St.. 9. F.
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
out; different makes: call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 403 California.
$20 SPOT cash will buy a new family sewing
machine this week:.J65 kind; 10CO sold; all
satisfactory. SMITHS'. 27 Market st.
WINE fllter3, crusher, champagne apparatus,
etc... at W.M. RUEFF'S. 113 Day at. ¦
FRESH young Holsteln cow; good milker; gen-
tle; sell or trade for dry cow. 83 Shotwell st. .
FINE suits. $10: dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A — $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Matters. 330. Kearny st., near Pine.
GAS, steam, oil and ruining machinery bought
and sold. Livingston, 553 Mission St., nr. 2d.
CANARY birds; choice stock; male and fe-
male. 1377 Minna, rear 15th; upper fiat.
FRESH family cow for sale. 1423 6an Bruno
ave., city.
2C0 LIGHT marine set, directly connected: good
shape: cheap. H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission it.
ENGINES and bollera: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE, 139 Beat: St.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new A id-hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL, 35 Bluxoms.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all makea. at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lanter\ good*
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery 3t.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
turea. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and secon.l hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
LA*DY wants furnished room near Post and
Grant ave. In exchange for mandolin lessons.
Box B, 300 Hayes st. .
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Ninth; tel. Folsom 2522.
WANTED— A.dellve— ¦ horse for the board. ApZ
ply «29 Halcht st. '
MONEY TO LOAN.
A— MONEY to loan at rates -which peopIaTcati
afford to pay on furniture, pianos etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you win Iom
their friendship; do business with strangen
and you will be better satisfied: no delay: no
publicity. Ro.oms 9 and 10, 906 Market it.
IF YOUR PROPERTY '
..:. : IS MORTGAGED
¦nd you need more money, see H. MURPHY.
(30 Market st. Leans on estates In probate,
undivided Interests in estates, second mort-
gages. etc.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate." Interest
In estates, legacies: corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities,- Room 1*. 1st flnor
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY. amount at 6%: first, id and J.I — tort-
K»t**, undivided Interest, real estat* In pro-
bate; mortgages and tog-cl** bought; no <fo.
lay: get my terms before doing business «is»-
wherc. R. McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 1.
HIGHLY respectable, private plar* to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rate*. H.iUwln Jewelry Store, *<6 Market
«t.: tel. Main ltU4. Branch 19 Third »t.
JSCO.tff* AT C per cent In sums ta suit In elfri
$i;.o,rco on Urg» rum-he* nt t»lr rates; »H-nml
mortgages,' It. J. MEItCEIt .<.- SON, 411 Pin*.
LOWEST rate* on furniture, etc., by nrlvat«
party: no removaj; no rom mission: confiden-
tial. Room S, Conservatory hl.lg., SOI .Tones.
JJOsST reliable r>Uc» to borrow on dl«mon<»«
watcht.. jewelry. W. j. HESTHAU W^Utfc
hlgh»»t prlc« for old gold. >llv»r. diamond*.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal: mon»y
quirk: lowest interest; fnn-urmn; oItok,,.
age; reliable party. 1170 _T.u-K«t »t" room «5.
CASH fount d in salarlrsi; New York tlan THB
TOUSLKY CO.. 321 Parrott building.
S-- en furniture and pianos: $13 up; no re-OTai;
no commission; private. Room »t. C Eddy rt.
__*_>?_* J»t or 2d mtgs; city, country. «%. undi-
vlded lnts.; estates. HARPER. 3»7 Parrott big.-
M Pr?r r V T loaned **larle<! peopt* wltno_ri«*r_ritr'
HILV, rm. 41, Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
_. C_AIRVOYANTS-^onttnaed. o^
MRS. MELVTLL. well-known clairvoyant, water
. reader. 11 6th;Gern lan spoken ;tei: Howard 1846.
MME. SCHAFFER.- clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44S& Jessie st..' bet. 5th and 6th.
TOUNG MISS ZEMDAR. clairvoyant; names
. given; L. SOc; G. $1. 1203 Market, cor. Eighth.
MME. AUGUST clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; .business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth St..
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING" S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st : tel. South 40.
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company.
342-344 McAllister st.; phone South 146. .
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. 'H.
I STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 -8th st.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Ca, 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74..
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. .Main 394. . GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor. .
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON, £ Eighth St.; telephone Jessie 944
CONKLIN'S Carpet^Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions. Ingrown nails, warts, chll-
blalns; painless cure. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GlEO^G^/wT^^Lr^Ag^ncy^No charge un-
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
FURNISHED cottage at Larkspur, Marln Co.;
6 rooms (with piano) for 4 or 5 months. For
particulars Inquire of C. W. RICE, Larkspur,
or at the Larkspur Saloon, 3228 Twenty-sec-
'ond st...San Francisco.
COTTAGE of 5 rpoms. 2475 Post st.
$6-HOUSE, 4 rooms,' worth $12, In heart of
city, near Mission and- Thirty-fourth. Ap-
j .ply 64 Silver St.. off Third. .
DENTISTS.
£r7h^~ELlic^b~-iDE"NTTL^
ket St., cor. 4th, rm.' 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth ;
- without .plates our specialty; gold crowns, i
$3 CO up; plutes, extractions free, $4 50 up; of- i
fic<hours,-9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2 ;
p, m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager. !
A — NEW unbreakable plate, the Rpse Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings,
'50c; plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
- warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUMHILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
EXPERT dentist in order to build up a prac-
tice will fill teeth, mr.ke plates, gold crowns
I and bridge work at bedrock prices; payments.
[ Office 1141 Polk st.,. cor. Sutter; open Sundays.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and filllngfc; extractions or fillings by my
¦wonderful} secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.
MEYER, 6 Turk— Painless extraction; vitalized
alr;crowns;bridgework. Open Sundays to 12 m.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings, 25c.
DR. R. L. WALSH.815% Geary.n'r.Larkin— Paln-
I less extraction 50c:plates $5 up;phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUEM AN, .dentist, third floor, Ex.
I aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices in S. F. Painless extraction:,
¦ 50c. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission St.. cor. 6th.
! VAN VROOM — "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H, G.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk st.
; I . .
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES •
McDOWELL Dressmaking. & Millinery School—
Class rates; patterns cut. .1019 Market st. .
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
GALLAGHER^MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50 \ catalogue,
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St..
6. F. — Bookkeeping, • shorthand, typing, -lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
. electrical and mining engineering, ¦ etc. ; day
& night sessions; new SO-page catalogue free.
AYRES" Business College. 723 Market St.— Day
& eve. ; bookkeeping, shortland, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc. ; life scholarship. $50; Individual-
instruction; positions secured • catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
¦school for. the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
jStanford professor. Phelan building. ¦ .
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
tlons guaranteed to it by .written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all its graduates. 305 Larkln st. '
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.,minlng,mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; elay, eve.; est. 1S64. Van
der Naillen School, U3 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costc only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 123G Market st. •
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping: figures; short
time. TARR, exp. acefc. 220- Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER. College; shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
Parrott bldg.; Individ, instruction: catalogue.
PROF. MERKI, from Paris, violin, mandolin,
guitar: experienced. -.1008 Mission st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo.. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SPANISH lessons; new, practical method. . 568
Mission st. '-'"-.
ILLUSTRATION— PA RTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Emnloyment Office arid House-
cleaning Co.. best help: send men at. short
notice. 1125.Sutter. nr. Polk: jel. Larkln 2391.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. . GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE, central housecleaning & employ-
ment: all kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 518$.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 42S Powell. nr. Sutter: tel. Black 5072.-
CHINESE and Japanese employment office —
Bert help. 411^ O'Farrell St.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS cook desires situation; under-
stands American. English cooking In all their
branches; refs. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
KXPERIENCED -infant's nurse - desires situa-
tion:, best city references; city or country.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
REFINED middle-aged lady wishes position
as housekeeper; city or country. Call 68-76
Ellis St., room 57, bet. 2 and 5 p. m.
NEAT middle-aged woman will assist in nice
family; good plain cook; good references.
Box 3741, Call office.
YOUNG lady desires position as bookkeeper or
assistant: over 4 years' experience; flrst-clasd.
references. Address box 3774. Call office.
RESPECTABLE young girl .wants a place to
do housework; eleep home; wages $12. 332H
Brannan st.
GERMAN girl wants situation for light house-
work. Please call at 220 Leavenworth St..
between Turk and Eddy.
TOUNG Scandinavian girl wishes situation to
do general housework In small family. I Please
call .at U5 Clara • St.. near Fourth. ¦ ""
ELDERLY woman wants light work out of
city. MRS. P.. 304 Stockton st. -
EXCEI»LENT laundrejs and house-cleaner
.wishes work by the. day; postals answered.
316 Minna st. .
A RESPECTABLE G»rmnn girl. Just arrived
from the East, wishes a situation as" bouse-
ken»*r. or senoral housework; Is also able to
'¦ sew. Address Wm. Tell House. 217 Bush nt.
WANTED— Ry elderly American woman, po-
sttlon aa working housekeeper or light house-
work; small family. Address 700 Twenty.sev-
enlh «t., Oakland. ;
A MIDDLE-AGED woman would like to do
general, housework: good cook and small
washing. 20 Eleventh at. .; -
NORWKGIAN- jrtrl wants Kenrrnl housework?
Call ISSTii Stevenson «t., bet. Twelfth and
Thirteenth. •
GOOD laundress wnnts 'wnshlng tn\d Ironing
to do at her own home. Cll McAllister si. -
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third t-t.. near Mar-
ket— 2iXt rooms: 25c to il 50 per night: $1 80 to
$6 week; convenient ana respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and I rum. ferry. - ' .- -.-. •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
rccelvednt Call brunch omccVSSOO FUlm^re st.
A BRANCH office for Calf advertisements and
subscriptions has. be<?n established at 10*6
Valencia s_ v |
BUSINESS CHAJVCES Continued. '
$350— TOBACCO and cigar store, with . living
rooms; downtown. Box 2989, Call office.'; -
MAN with $300 to Join advertiser to work.pta-
. cer claim at Cape Nome. Box 2433. Call.
.PHOTO supplies, developing and printing; a
good paying business for $300. 2204 Fillmore.
LODGIXG HOUSES FOR -SALE c^°-
FELECT A HOUSE FROM ALL..:
........THE BARGAINS IN THE CITY
85-ROOM HOUSE
. Sure to Clear $400
: Modern House .....:....
....;...; ..Price Only $1800 .¦
..; Owner Sick and Must Sell
Offer Wanted
A— 100 bouses not listed with other agents.
16 rooms; corner: fine for transient $1000
10 rooms; on Eddy St., near Market 500
14 rooms; on Third St., near Market 5oO
14 rooms; on Mission st • S50
40 rooms;rent $60; clears $150 -• 1000
24 rooms- north of Market: clears $200.... 2000
27 rooms;. Just finished; very fine 2S0O
20 rooms; on Geary st.; clears $135 2400
44 rooms: positively the best; clears $300. 3700
80-room boarding-house; clears $600 8000
' 8-room flat; sunny side 700
¦ 6-room flat: very good.: »*»
500 other houses, 3 to 700 rooms.
¦ ABSTRACTS FREE. PHONE MINT 796. "
5100,000 to loan at \Vi per cent.
" H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market .st. opp. 5th. ..
ATTENTION. SELLER— I can sell your house
or real estate for you. DECKER, 1020 Market.
A. CAMERON & CO.,
$50 Market St. and 8.6tock_on St.. .
Rooms 21. 22 and-23.~ Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotel, roomlng-hob.se or busi-
ness to sell list with us. We have cash cus-
tomers for all sizes and prices. ¦
Buyers, see our list of bargains:
85 rooms; Sutter; central location; good tran-
sient house; rent $200.... ....$3600
49 rooms: Market; Al location; rent $170:
• good furniture: sunny $3500
34 rooms; Van Ness; rent $180;" boarding-
house; good furniture and carpets $351*
27 rooms; Post; transient; new furniture and
carpets; rent $115 $2600
10 rooms; Mason; rent $70; partly unfur-
nished: sunny; good location; yard:...$S0O
SELECT X YOUR HOUSE FROM THE
LARGEST LIST IN TOWN.
10 rooms; Ellis st,; fine house; only $450
15 rooms; cheap-' rent; well furnished 475 j
32 rooms; corner house; north of Market.. SOO j
42 rooms; big money maker; a sacrifice... 2200
76 rooms; splendid locatipn; downtown... 3550
118 rooms; clears $15t) mo. ; worth double.. tlOO
Hundreds to choose from ..$100 to $100,000
Also boarding-houses and" country hotels.
See our special bargain list before buying.
WALTER HAYES & CO., S38 Market st.
6EE OUR LIST OF 200 HOUSES BEFORE
buying. We have them all sizes and prices; |
60 rooms, close In, elevator, etc ....$4500
12 rooms, new. clean; clears $50 900 ;
14 rooms, sunny corner, good condition.... 1000 |
30 rooms, all conveniences, select, central. 8000
11 rooms, only $.200 cash, balance pay-
ments 500
Vacant houses furnished
We furnish the money— you pay as you can.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. S50 Market st.
JOSEPH BAILTE, 759 Market; phone Black 4071
20 rooms and 6 kitchens; Ellis st. ....... ...$1600
7 rooms and bath; rent $30; O'Farrell; 1
worth $700; only '. 500 ]
26 rooms; suijny; rent $110; Post 1800 1
10 rooms and bath; rent $40; Eddy.... 550
18 rooms: rent $50; Third st_; cheap ', 850
Many others to choose from. . _j
FISHER & CO..' 935 Market St., opp. Mason.
48 rooms; north of Market; only......... $1600
16 rooms* Hyde: verynnely furnished.... 600
20 rooms; rent $50; location desirable 900
If a bargain we have them at any price.
LODGING-HOUSES, boarding-houses and ho-
tels to suit every buyer; this office is licensed;
I am established s(nce 1882; I loan, money to
buyers; general satisfaction guaranteed. Call
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1911.
' Rooms 1. 2, No. 917 Market St.. opp. Mason.
18 ROOMS: Mission St.: rent $60; price $725..
18 rooms; Fifth st.; rent $65: price $1000.
12 rooms; Mason st.; rent $45; price '$750.
35 rooms on Howard: rent $S0; price $1000.
19 rooms on Grant ave.: rent $75: price $1500.
• EUREKA REAL ESTATE, 28 Sixth St.
WINSTON & WOLF, 1026 Market St..
Over Wonder Millinery Store
24 rooms; rent $45; part cash $S50
22 rooms; cheap rent; only 450
j 28 rooms; rent $50; part cash 1000 I
25 rooms; corner; clears $75 1150 |
36 rooms; rent $50; good.... 1625
JL J^
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market, by Call building.
Lodging-houses of all sizes and prices for sale
and exchanged; I will lend you part of the
money and get you a good title.
24 SUNNY rooms; rent only $70 £...$1700
17 rooms; all. light; transient 1550
45 rooms; Post; half can stand 2300
35 rooms; Howard: well rented 1000
EITEL & CARROLL, moved to 1032 Market.
OLD established boarding-house; 25 elegant
large rooms'; corner; ¦ fine grounds, with
downtown; must sell; leaving; no
triflers. Box 2998. Call office.
$!25O— HOUSE. 30 rooms; rent $45; south of
Market; nicely furnished and good-paying
house: must 'sell. Box 3737, Call office.
FOR sale — 10-room rooming-house; 128% Ninth
Ft.; good location and cheap rent; rooms all
rented.
14 ROOMS; central; transient; neatly furnished;
rent $40: bargain. Donnelly Co.. 632 Market.
LODGING-HOUSE TO LEASE.
A MODERN flrst-class lodging-house .building
••of 60 sunny rooms, complete in all appoint-"
ments, will be erected near Geary and Jones
sts.: for lease; particulars at our office.
DAVIDSON & LEIGH, 30 Montgomery st..
HELP XT AXTEP— MALE-— Con-__
"WAITER and wife, $30; delicatessen man for
country, $40 and board; second cook. *». iry
"cook, $65: restaurant second cook. ? 1 -.^* e * 1 '
• baker's helper, country. -S25 and found, tmra
hand baker on bread, $35 and found; hotel
. and restaurant waiters, city and coumrj.
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628- Sac-
ramento st. . • ¦ " •
AMERICAN driver for milk wagon. $35 to $40;
2 .miners. $2 50 day; 6 carpenters for country.
$3 50. day. see boss here: wagon-maker ior
country, $2 50 day; nouse painter for country.
$2 59 day; 2 blacksmith helpers for mine, n|-
day;: Jobbing blacksmith. $2 day and board,
ranch blacksmith, $40 and board; wagon
blacksmith. $2 58 day; blacksmith and wooa
worker, $2 50 day: upholsterer and other me-
chanics. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 623 Sacra-
mento st. . .. :
MAN, upright character, to manage business of
established house; $18 . week and . expenses,
payable wkly from headquarters: expense
money advanced: permament: references.
Standard House. 324 Caxton bldg.. Chicago.
WANTED— Lunch Waiter at 223 Brannan st."
WANTED— Two laborers at 2007 Fillmore st.;
. come early. Jj ¦
A BIG boy or young man as porter in restau-
. rant: $15 and found. 9 Dramm st.
WANTED-J&A waiter for restaurant. 1550 Mar-
ket ¦ st. ¦- . ¦ ¦
WANTED— A delivery clerk for grocery busi-
• ness at JSOa Mission st.' j ;
BARBER wanted; short . b>>urs. 5C9 California.
'- street. '.-¦'"*'* *
DISHWASHER wanted; $10 and found. 1221
Point Lobos ave.. Geary cars. * •
"WANTED— A good barber at 315 Kearny st. ;
must be a union man. -
GOOD coatmaker wanted for • the country:
steady man only need apply; fare paid. Call
- at room 100, Donohoe bldg., cor. Taylor and
" Market sts. * ________
WANTED-A boy to run errands and Wrn
printing; splendid, opportunity. Box 3785. Call.
DISHWASHER wanted at 311 Montgomery
, avenue. - '
WANTED— A waiter at' 221 Grant ave.
r.OOTBLACK wanted: steady Job: good wages :
and found. 1043 McAllister st.
BARBER' shop for sale cheap. 217. Fourth st.
D1SHWASHER and waiter wanted. Cozy Re3-
taurant. IOCS Valencia st.
YOUNG man to drive milk wagon; German
preferred.' 816 Treat ave. .
WANTED— Experienced small press feeder.
.Apply at 354 Hayes st.
YOUNG man with some experience wanted aa
barber. 116 Pacific st. ; .
ERRAND boy. Apply between 11 and 12 a.
m. at. 601 Folsom St.
CLERK to select orders; qne familiar with
candy business preferred. Apply between. 11
and 12 a, m. at 601 Folsom st. ______
CANDY-MAKER as helper at steam par.a. Ap- .
5 ply between 11 and 12 a. ta. at 601 Folsom st.
UN.ION barber wanted for Wednesday evening,
Saturday and Sunday at 556 Fourth st.
WANTED— A second cook and a flrst-clars
waiter.. 29 Stockton st. ¦ '
WANTED— Ba rber. steady Job. SAM WITT.
2313 Santa Clara ave., Alameda.
FOR SALE.
A GOOD paying 2-chair barber shop and bath
In best mining town in the State: rent $15.
HENRY FALK, Angel3 Camp, Cal.
BUSHELMAN wanted. Apply S. N. WOOD
- CO.. 718 Market st.
PANTS presser wanted: good waves: steady
work. 1000 Harrison St., corner Sixth.
PRESSER: also a foreman who can take
charge of vest shop. H. HILP. 106 Battery."
"WANTED — niem'aker, locksmith or vise band.
W. H. GUTZMAN, .1706 Dwight way, Berkly.
.PANTSMAKER wanted; boy to work in store
and do errands. Apply at 40S Kearny st.
EXPERIENCED cleaners and presaera at the
Golden West Clothing Renovatory, 12 Mont-
gomery st. • .
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
PANTSMAKER wanted. 113 Hayes st.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35;
net less than 5 feet 4 inches and not ever 6
' feet 1 inch; able to read and speak English.
For- further Information apply at the Recruit-
| Ing Otflce. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
! MEN — Our catalogue explains how we teach
-the trade In two months. Having two Tears;
mailed free. We have no So shop In connec-
tion with our college: chairs and furniture
are all made to our own order, with a view
to cleanllnets and convenience.
HOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. S35 Clay St.
Beware of any cheap imitations.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics ' to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150* large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
COOK for boarding-house. 739 Fourth st.
COATMAKER wanted for Philadelphia Pants
House. 9.97 Market St.. room 21$. '
COOPER wanted to make' half-barrels; steady
' Job. 24 Commercial ft. -
GET vour shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to.EGc. 562 Mission St.. bet 1st and 2d sts.*
WAGON blacksmith and helper wanted at 103-
105 Fremont st-
CHEF who can handle busy kitchen. Apply
.bet. 8- and 10 a.' m.. restaurant 206 McAllister.
FIRST-CLASS presser on pants. BELASCO-
HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
COATMAKEES. pants and vestmakers for
country. Apply REISS BROS., 24 Sutter st.
WANTED— 500 men to buy . new and 2nd-band
army shoes. $1 up: soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
MpDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shces for sale, 50c up. 241 Third st.
AT cash prices for $1 jx-r .week, men's suits to
order. NEUHA,US & CO., 115 Kearny st.
ABOUT two. more agents wanted at 347 Third.
YOCNG man to do Janitor work for his tuition.
S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard st.
WANTED— 1C0 men to take rooms, 10c, 13c and
20c. Boston House. 930 Howard. Ft. * .
SAILORS, blacksmiths, seamen & green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
WINCHESTER 'House. U Third St.; near Mar-
ket— ,700 rooms. 25c night: reading-rooms'; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received nt Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
. HORSES A\D WAGONS:
40 HORSES for sale; also, wagons," buggies,
carts, harness. Crand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
• SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
FOR Sale— At Eclipse Stable. 1373 Eddy St..
span of brown mares. 13'i hands, gentle;
beautiful black horse, wt. 1250. gentle for fam.
S. F. VETERINARY College- will commence Its
j 3d session June 10. C-calogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast. sec. 310 Golden Gate ave.
A — 100 SETS second-hand harness: wagons,
carts, buggies, surreys, horses. 1140 Folsom.
5 SECOND-HAND sprinkling wagons In good
order for sale. 377 Shctwell st. ' .
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc.. cheap. EGAN. ft SON. 2117 Mission st.
GOOD business Lorses. wagon horses, heavy, '
light, fast pacers and trotters. 751 Howard.
AN _ -No. 1 express wegon. single, also light
• camping wagen. for sale cheap. 532. Mission.
HOUSES . TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.". 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE to rent— 104 Guerrero st.. near Thlr-
teenth: 10 rooms, besides bath, laundry and
servants' room: high ground; sanitary plumb-
ing: garden;. 1 block from 3 lines. of can;
rent very reasonable.
NICKLY furnlahed house of 10 rooms and bath,
conservatory, etc.; sunny ami very desirable.
524 Flllmore *t.. near McAllister. C. II.
UMFi-EN & CO. ¦
TO let— New house. 6 lar-e.roomsi. bath, base-
ment; mod. Imnta. 122? Stetner. cor. Kddy.-
llOfSKS -TO LET— FtnxiSHED.
AN »-room hou**; well furnUhTtfTplano" n ~ le J
yard; IMS Howard »t>: $40: -et permit from
A. M. SmCK A CO.. 667 Market »t.
DKSMtAUl.K »unny corner flat. 3 room* and
.bath; Oakland; $1S. Apply at II Grant ave..
room 2. ¦ I
FOR 3 months, from May 1. comfortably fur-
nt*hcd homo of 8 room.* and bath. Apply
*S1S Jackson tt. . any day before 2 p. m.
MODERN 5-room h<%u»e: nicely furnished: bath
npd yard: within ,2 blocks of Fourth nn.J
Mnrket fts.; rent retj-onable. , Box J7SI. Call.
NICKLY furnished mo<l»rn houne. 7 room.* and
bath: Park, location. -Box 5740. Call offlce.
UUtlMi!* \VA.\TKI). ~~~
MODERN, ftyllsh. well-furnlihed house. «
rwnw or larger, by responsible parties: «
months or longer; moderate rent. Box 3705.
Call office.
_A_V FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The, San . Francisco
. Ca... corner of Market and Third street*: open
cntil 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 _..__.-.
!08 Hayes street: open until ?r30 p. m.
CS3 McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
eJ5'LarkJn Etreet; op- until S:30 p. m. .
39U Mission etreet: open until 10 p. m.
J2C1 Market street, corner sixteenth; open
-r.tll 9 p.m.
ICC Eleventh streetropen until 9 p. in.
1W6 Valencia etreet: open until 9 p. m -
7-Torthwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets: open until 8 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
?OLDEN GATE Lodj.-e No. 30, F. and -o
A. M.— Called meeting THIS (TUES- __|V_
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. De- TtJ?
rree Three. By order of W. M. ' 1
EDWIN L. MEYER, Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. :44. F. and A. M. •
—Second Degree . THIS . (TUESDAY) _JV.
EVENING at 7 o'clock. Craftsmen TXlT
iuvittd. A. S. HL'BBARD, Sec. /^T '
CALIFORNIA Council No. »^_S3=__—__v
5:;0 National Union, meets >r *3g>__-_IJ-»-iE-
TO-NIGHT at Elks' Hall, ~*J "' \.U
223 Sutter st. Senate Sec- «. . „,„
rrtary J. W. MYERS of Toledo, Ohio, will
\tsit the council and all members of the Na-
tional Union cordially Invited to be present.
W. A S. NICHOLSON, President.
' C. H. VAN ORDEN, Secretary.
ST\ ANDREWS Society— Annual v Kjt >u
family picnic will be held at Fair- QuJ
fax Park on SATURDAY, May >aXJ_s
4. 1301. 6t. Andrew's Society of
Oakland will participate.
ALLAN POLLOCK, President.
GEO. ST. JOHN BREMNER. Sec.
LABORERS to hold mass-meeting SATUR-
DAY EVENING. April 20. under the auspices
of the Laborers' Protective Union' No. 8944,
A. F. L. : -a mass-meeting will be held at
Teutonla Hall. 1320 Howard b_: prominent
labor leaders will address the meeting.
KNIGHTS and Ladles of Honor— The Grand
Lodge of California will convene In fourteenth
regular session on TUESDAY. April 16, at
10 a. m.. at Pythian Hall. S09V4 Market st.
Z. T. WHITTEN, G. P.
H. TV. QUITZOW. G. ff.
ADOPTION. .
GOOD home open for healthy boy and gtrl
babies. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth. Alameda.
ASPHALTUM ROOFIXG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired : postal. 1186 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORXEVS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
tso fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, any at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE fr<?e: no charges unless successf ul. .W.
W. DAVIDSON, &27 Market St.. opp. Mason.
U. S. CLARXC Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket St.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
UOAUDIKG FOR CHILDREN.
WIDOW with a child wishes 2 or 3 children to
board ; yard ; best of care. 1607 California st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $1350; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon on
/Kearny st. ; rent $75; clearing $180 per month;
daily receipts about SCO. Call R. G. WILKE.
LC\ Z Keamy st, •
A — f2000; HOTEL of 15 rooms, barroom, dining:
hall, etc.; rent S75; place established many-
years; doing a steady, good-paying business;
rare chance for party speaking French and
German. H. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $330; STATIONERY, candy and branch bak-
. ery with living rooms; corner; Western Ad-
dition; rent $10; good business; clean store.
Call It. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
A — $6.jO; PARTNER wanted in commission
business. Call R- G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A -44000; SALOON on Market st; place esUb- i
Ushed many years and doing a large busi-
ness; net rent $135; sickness in family com-
pels owner to sacrifice; a mint. Call R. G.
WILKE. S6_, Kearny st. •
*— $2000; PARTNER wanted In old established
flower store, with nursery, hothouse, etc.:
boiler, horses, wagons, plants ' and trees of
all description; many year* and
doing a money-making business. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $1300; DELICACY and provision store- 1
block from Market St.; dally receipts from
$35 to $40: a first-class, .paying business. Call
R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
AAA— ICO CIGAR stands, 200 groceries and bars.
B00 candy and ice cream stores. UK) restaurants.
SCO stores of all kinds: partners wanted.
Parties with $100 up can be suited. If you
want to buy a business call and see us.
WALTER HAYES & CO., 838 Market st.
FOR private 6ale; some of the best saloons in
the city. WALTER HAYES^ CO., 83S Mrkt.
A — RESTAURANT and chop house in mining
town; money making place; good for man
and wife; average dally sales, $40; no meals
less than 25c; 2 years lease; price $1000;
stock will invoice J750; see owner at my of-
fice to-day 9 a. m. to 12 m. M. GRIFFIN,
719 Market st.. by Call building.
GROCERY and bar on Howard St.; rent $50;
4 living rooms and stable; large basement;
$2500. JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market Ft.
RESTAURANT; clears $150 a month: down-
town; $S00; good location. JOSEPH BAILIE,
759 Market st.
GROCERY and bar on Howard St.; rent $50;
4 living rooms and stable; large basement;
$TiC0. JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market st
10 NEW RESTAURANT bargains! We have
the best barp-ins In the city. Call LL'XDIN
& CO., 906 Market st.
$2200— HOTEL and bar; fine bar trade; Pacific
st. LUNDIN & CO.. 906 Market "st.
$250— PARTNER wanted in an old established
cash busiiWss; owner well known • pr--\ctical
business man; profits average $S0 a month
to each. Particulars with ' DONNELLY &
CO.. C2 Market et. * -
SPECIAL NOTICE— We have several excep-
tionaily desirable candy, notion, bakery antj
lunch, groceiy and bar and delicatessen
Ftores: als-o restaurants, barber shops and
saloons. FISHER & CO.. 935 Market st.
A— K50; RESTAURANT: no better lo'catlon In
the city; this i»-"i>ositlrely " worth over $1000,
but it must go immediately. Business Board
at Trade. 226 Pine St.; phone Davis 326.
A— $300; PARTNER wanted: light business: no
night cr Sunday work: $75 to $85 a month
each; no experience required: trial given;
young single man preferred. 25 Geary, rm. _.
BARBER/5— Byrnes' Hotel barber shop and
bathhouse. Woodland. Cal., must be sold
this- we?k; price $150, complete.
A— $^00; PRIVATE boarding-house; -well furn.-
clear $75 mo. Strand & Kaiser. 209 Kearny.
5if>0— SALOON ; cld-establlshed corner; 2 living
rooms: must sell; other business. 554 Fourth.
4 . — _ .
JSOO— PARTNER In dyeing, cleaning; good _aan;
experience not necessary. • 1421 Point Lobos av.
FOR sale — Good saloon; cheap; proprietor goes
to Germany. Box 373$. Call office.
S>iCC— CIGAR stand: no night or Sunday work-
clears $75. Box . S7S4. Call office. - '
I"OR sale — Good-paying branch bakery, deli-
catessen store. Box 3739. Call.
PAIRT produce store. 727 Laguna st; must be
cold to-day at sacrifice.
CIGAR stand for rtnt. NE. corner Davis and
Commercial sts.
BUILDING to be removed May 1; complete
restaurant furniture for sale at a bargain.
2S First st. . . .- •
JlOO— RESTAURANT; fine central location; re-
ceipts $:5; departure. Inquire at 167 Minna.
SHOEMAK1NG and repairing business for
sale cheap: best buslners of the kind In Cal-
ifornia; big profits: investigate; owner go-
ing East. Address box A, Call Agency. San
Jose. Cal. " .
TENSION— Active partner wanted In long-es-
tablished business: small capital required;
small expense; quick returns: best refs. given
* required. Pension Partner, box S7I1. Call.
MILK business; established 19 years; trial
' given; gK-kness causo ot wiling. Box 37, Call.
I-OIt ea!e— This week, well-paying corner gro-
and bar: no agents. Call at ( 101S Polk st.
ItKSTAURANT for aale on account of depart -
ture; living rooms complete, iss Second «t.
1K--n_^TAU«ANT: $irrwelptt: If Md (hit
week; central. Box 3767^ Call office.
AUJlErt stoop and fixture* In Glen Ellen, So-
noma Co.; good locution for summer.
ALOON and furnished rooms for tale. US
Second. »t.. corner Minna.
KRAJCCII bakery, notions and candle*. i$o«
Mission at.
HARK CHANCE for 2 jjood ratn: Ocean House
roaU nuiFrry for eal«. with all Improvements;
plant k. bulbs, horses, wagons. greeithcuvK. 4
blr tanks holding 55.«\i eallon*. plenty water.
.:-.(¦ -a .- to rump it. |>i|M» covering IS acres
land: best i<I*r« to rui*e flowers and vege-
tables: I bluok from Inglftlde electric car;
Ifase 10 years; reason for «e!!!n$. retiring
from busltx-K.. Ar>pi»- on place or :S Fourth
»tr*ot. . . .
I*OR rale— Saloon with 4 living rooms at a bar*
ircln; mutt be sold ou acocunt of *lckne««.
Apply at :_i Steuart tt .
OLI>- ESTABLISHED mechanics* boarding and
i: 6 t ;ivr l"u:tc for snlo. -Apply Call offii-e.HOTEL ARRIVALS.
" PALACE
W S Sherer, N Y
H L Roberts, Conn
iS Pullman & w, N Y
C .Dunphy, Millbrae
G D Grow, San Diego
Miss Grow, San Diego
H C Baldwin. Boston
C H Reoza, Fresno
H M Meyers, Chicago
HC White & w, ChBO
P J Laurltzeon, Alaska
L Shilling. Cal
G L Stark, Cal
W A Grant/ Vermont
A W More & w, Tesl&
A A Atherton, Boston
C Hedden. N Y
I N Peyton, Spokane
W M Edwards, Chgo
L Bums, Chicago
F Harkness, L Ang
S Washburn. Pasadena
F Wardenbersr. Colo
R J Dunphy, Berkeley
C Phillips, Cal
G Austin & w, N Y
Mrs S P Loce, Denwsr
Mrs J F Hartzell, Den
Mrs R '. T Coleman,
- Denver . \
Mrs" J H Henderson,
Denver
J B Mershon, Pa
C L Leonard, Cal
G Glenn, Jacinto
R L Sherman. Cal •
Mrs L McCreeily, N Y
A B Foote, Gr Valley
B B Sherman, Boston
W G Mantell, Cal
N Thompson, S Lake
G T Robin, Chicago
G F Griffith Jr, Chgo
H O Waldbaum, Chgo
Mrs E Lewis. Pasaden
M M Goodlett. Indiana
R E Goodlett. Indiana
Miss'M E GofTey, Pa j
N Evans. St Louis
J B MacDougall & w,
Seattle
R V Ellis, Hanford
Mrs F B Brace. St P'l
S R-Malrs, Portland
J G Roberts. Portlandl
HOTEL.
Mrs F E Peabody. Best
Miss Peabody, Boston
Miss T Peabody, Bostn
Miss Phillips, Boston
C P Morgan & w. Bost
Mrs W R Willson, N £
Miss--Willson, N Y
H N Fenton, Chicago
W A Lund, Chicago
J A Haddock & w, N Y
J P Smith & w, Chgo
Mrs H Holbert. St Pal
Miss M Holbert. Minn
Mrs L N Watson, N Y
W B Peck & w, N Y
Mrs M J Collins. N Y
Miss Collins. N Y
Mr & Mrs Dillenback.
USA
Mrs W P Herring, N Y
T Flint Jr & w Cal
Mrs W.S.Tevis, Cal
Miss Gaentzsch, Cal
Miss Helfrisch. Cal I
W H Taylor, BkrsHeld
C E Aldrich, Boston
3 W Winston _ w. Pa
Miss J Britton, Cal
W A Brewer, San Mat
T G Hoitt & w. Menlo
W B Buford, USA.
Miss C N Prichard,
New Haven
Miss Woolsey, N Havn
Miss Hlllhouse, N Hav
Miss C Zeupp. N J -
H Grishard & w. Cal
Miss E J Connolly,
Minnesota
J W Griffin & w, Minn
Mrs J E Cavarly, Minn
Mrs W.T Blodgett. NY
Miss Blodgett, N Y
IE E Schram, Canada
W • B Kennedy & w,
I Chicago
G H Emmons & w, Cal
C H Schmidt & w, N Y
T Schmidt, N Y
Mr & Mrs Raymond,
N Y
Mr & Mrs Whitehouse,
Chicago
E" J Jones & w. Mass
GRAND HOTEL.*
F D Newton, Sacto
G E Ureen, Cal
R.W Skinner, Cal
T B Gibson. Cal
M Dlggs, Woodland
A C Stevens, Woodland
T Keegan," Sta Rosa .
Mrs Scott, Chrlsman .
Miss Scott, Chrlsman
E Cohn, Los Ang
J H Hall, Santa Ana .
J M Stovoll. Williams
Dr A L Libbitts, Cal
C S Ruggles, Chicago
H White, Chicago
G J Kaufman. Portlnd
C M White, NY.
T BICKnell, Chlco
J C Hestwood, S Jose
L B .Rhoades, • S Jose
C M Steward. Chicago
T McEwen, Oregon
C Moltzen, ¦ Pt Reyes
Mrs Moltaen, Pt Reyes
F W Schuster. Basle
A Roosefelt, NY
P C Thaon, Paris
H Say, Paris
H W Allen, Redlands
W H Weldon, S Barb
J S Dovey, Phila
E T Pierce, Los. Ang s
Mrs Pierce, Los Ang
Miss Pierce. Los Ang
G Weir, Prtaluma
J S Coughan, U S N
J G Walker, USN
iF Frye, Seattle
T Regan, San Jose
A" M Allen, Monterey
A C White, Stockton
M Biggs Jr., Oroville
J B Richardson, Cal
Miss A Slater. Iowa
QF Winter, Kan City
C Belding, Stockton
H C Beldlng, Stockton
C E Eichelberger, L A
E F Blewett,. MkIco
T A Henderson, Cal
H F, Bracher, S ¦ Jose
D J A Ericson, Iowa .
B P Parker, Llvermore
W J Stevens, I Los ¦ Ane
P H Mack, Cal
V W Edelsten, NY
C -G Laybourn, Minn
Mrs Laybourn. Minn
C H Selby, N Y .,-¦;,'..
E J . Roberts, Lompoc
L Da P Syle. Berkley
Mrs L du P Syle, Berk
K A Mlddleton, Col"
NEW WESTERN HOTEL. '
E Lamb. St Louis .
M R Wilson. Pittsburg
E J Foy, New Orleans
S J Porter, Ind -
E I Fields, Ind
G W Wise, Cal
J -¦ Mulrojr, Ingleslde .
Miss K Joy er. Carson
E Williams, Needles
E Qulnn, St Loals
C Morgan. Clnn
W J Bertrand, Man
D McKenna, Man
Miss Hunter. Winnipeg
A Duf ard. New Orlens
E Ganoung, Pleyto ¦¦
H Ramage. Pleyto
G Ridley.'. San Jose
W Larcom, San Jose
C Ycusco, Cal
E Murphy, : US N\-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 16, 190T.
11
PKKSOXALS—^ Continned.
ELECTIIIC llKht in "every loom-wincliester
Hotel. 41 Third it., near . Market; . 700 .rooms ;
25c to SI 50 p*r nigjit; Jl 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SCHOOL, to learn liairdresislng. hair -work, man-
¦ icurlriK: private If-ssons or class. MISS A. V.
DOYLE. 1704 Market. tx»t. Polk and Van Ness.
V»'H1TE enamel iron bed*. Flnjrle, three-quarter
or doable, f 2 23. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st., near Broadway.
Ladlf-s* & gents' capf-oft clothing- bought &
sold. J. Silverman. 981 Folsom;tel.Fol«om 1191.
ALFREDUMS Egj-ptlan Henna; restores pray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
"KINGSLAND Art Colors." for leather, wood
and photos, at all first-class art storegt
ALjLi KINDS of bamboo fancy work to order.
HORISHIMA _ CO.. 243 Ellis; tel. Ked, 1361
MASQUERADE costumes, nlay books wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 llkt.
SUPERFLUOTTS hair and mol«>s destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter Et.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggrtsts. - -"'.".
CHEAPEST and beet In America— The "Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for >1. .
PIIYSICIAXS AND SCRG_OXS.~" ;
DR. C. C. O'DONXELL— Office and residence?
1021 Market Et., between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
REAL KSTATR — CITV — FOR ffALB.
£r_ENDID bargain— Get your home: stop pay-
Ing rent; $1200: 4 rooms; stable; well of water:
lot 114x23; street accepted by city; cement
sidewalk; plank side entrance. Owner, 413
Twenty-ninth St.; Mission cars pass' door.
LOT In Mission— Corner, '25x90; excellent lo-
cality: residence district; suitable for gro-
cery or other business; no opposition. , 791
Stevenson Et. •
MODERN lV4-story cottaee: Just built 1 year;
will be sold at a sacrifice; easy terms or cash.
For particulars apply 343 Lisbon st.,. near
China ave.
FOR sale— Well-constructed, modern residence,
8 rooms and bath. In a desirable location
near park; reasonable terms. 660 Mission st.
FOU the best located lots in Richmond and the
cheapest call on TV. J. Gunn. 530 California.
MODERN cottages and flats built; reasonable;
plans f urniPh<Hl. Salsbury. builder, 1333 Market.
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park,
then call on TV. J. GUNN. 530 California st.
IUSA_ ESTATE — COUNTRY — Fop S_l»
FOR sale — A first-class business location In
Bakersfield, Cal.; new building 72x31. contain-
ing saloon, dining-room and J4 rooms:- 10
years" ground lease at annual rental of $160;
price $6000. For full particulars apply to
CHRISTY" & WISE COMMISSION CO., 227-
32» Sansome Bt.. city. .
BARGAIN!! BARGAIN— 50-acre farm near
Pleasanton, Alameda County; all level land;
fronts on county road ; house, barn, etc. ; price
J3750; luxuriant crop of hay; some sugar beets; '
will grow alfalfa. H. H. CRANE, £08 Cali-
fornia ct. . ' .
BARGAIN — For sale or let.se, 4% acres; rtear'
San Mateo; good soil; level; Improvements.
Call at 5 p. m. at 207 Church st.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market st. by Call bldg.,
sells hotels, lodging-houses, stores, etc. Print-
ed Hits of farms and city nrnrjerty for sale.
ICO ACRES of land and some cash to trade for
a 6tock of merchandise. Address L. H. MON-
ROE. Placervllle. Cal. .
WRITE J. W. HORN. 812 Main. Petaluma. for i
free copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains:
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AL.A3IEDA REAIi ESTATES.
W. K. CONGER & CO., ' "
1501 Park St., Alameda.
$2700 — Elegant 7-room cottage; modern; lot
40x150; fine lawn; large basement; small pay-
ment down, ?25 per month; one-half block to
station; 2 blocks to street cars.
$2250— Fine new modern 6-room house; 6
minutes' walk to station; easy terms.
See thie —
$3000 — 9-room house, new; has never been
occupied; modern; lot 50x150; a bargain.
$4000— 9-room house; lot 115x200; offer wanted.
To let— Furnished 4-room cottage;. piano; $25.
-To let — New modern 7-room cottage; $18.
To let — Furnished 3-room cottage; piano; $17.
TV. K. CONGER & CO..
1501 Park . St., Alameda.
Telephone Grand 176.
2-STORY, 9 rooms; corner lqt; modenrand new;
$7500; offered for. {5500. with all carpets; one-
third cash. - -:¦'• '.' .'¦•' -:¦>...-
2-story, 8 rooms, modern In all respects;- new
"house; corner lot; fine view; including carpets.
. $4000. - " '. .' . ' . ;
23 large lots at a great bargain.
- E. D. JUDD & CO.",
1424 Park St.. Alameda.
$1250 — SNAP; elegant new modern cottage; 4
rooms; fine location; near station and school.
A. G. BURNS _ CO.. 1301 Park st.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$400 — CHICKEN ranch of one acre ! and two-
room shanty; $50 cash, balance $10 per month.
W, C. MORAN & CO.
$4500— TEN-ROOM house, only two blocks from
U. C. grounds; $500 cash, balance flat loan.
W. C. MORAN & CO.
$4D0— WHEELER Tract lots; will triple In value
Inside of a year; this offer for a few. days
only; ask for maps. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$150 — ACRE lots: $10 cash, balance $5 per month.
TV. C. MORAN _ CO.
$2500— THREE acres of land and a house and
barn, windmill and tank; fruit trees; on your
own terms. W. C. MORAN, & CO.
, $2200— CHEAP at $3000; lot 40x100; street macad-
amized; cement sidewalks all around the
house; two blocks to train; 7 large -rooms;
porcelain bath, tiled sink, fine mantel and
sideboard; $250 cash, balance $20 per month;
place will rent for this any day. TV. C. MO-
RA.. & CO.. Lorln Station and Schmidt
Block, Berkeley.
FOR property in Berkeley see W. C. MORAN &
CO., who has had 12 years' experience. .
STOP paying rent; we have Just completed 9
up-to-date cottages of 3. 4 and 5 rooms, por-
celain baths, stationary washtubs, large pan-
tries, -patent closets, etc.; prices range from
$1330 to $1850; convenient to station, electric
cans, school and churches, and within 10 min-
utes' walk of the university; terms, $75 down,
balance to suit purchaser, t '
RUDOLPH, PERKINS & LYON, I Lorln.
NEW neat cozy cottaso, S rooms, bath, large
• hall, pantry, : folding doors, pretty wooden
mantel, tiled sink, porcelain bath, gas or
electric lights through the house, stationary
-washstand and tubs, hot and cold water,
brick foundation, high basement; lot 40x110;
3 blocks from station, school, stores and
churches: one block from electric cars; price
$1SOO. only $100 cash, balance $17 monthly;
stop paying rent and be your own landlord.
Take Berkeley train, get off at Lorin Station;
office we<»t»,Eide of riilroad track. '
RUDoCph, PERKINS & LYON. Lorin.
FRU1TVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRtlTVALE REAL ESTATE.
4 ACRES In choice fruit, 5-r. cottage, etc.; for
salechcap. Ad,C.Michel,Elmhurst,Alameda Co.
OAKLAND - ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
AN INVESTMENT OR HOME SNAP.
52000 each — Two 2-story houses, 8. rooms;
good order; rents J20 and $22 50, worth $25;
each lot 28 and 22 feet; sure business proper-
ty; fronts main Ftrest; solid blocks of stores
within one, block; must sell; see at once;
land worth more. - '-
LAYMANCS Real Estate Co.,
460-462 Eighth St., Oakland. •
$175 CASH, $10 monthly— New cottage, '3 large
' rooms;- 7-foot basement; brick foundation- 4
large, level lots. 50x25*: price all told *775; will
fence and finish up to suit buyer; plenty of
water; soil, climate and view the very best-
close to electric car line and 90-foot wide bou-
levard, and not far from model schoothouse;
no fois nor raw winds here; adjoining East
Oakland; 10 buildings gone up already: more
coming. Call or send Tor circular. 455 Seventh
Ft., opposite Broadway station, Oakland; car-
riage free. HENRY Z. JONES, Owner. N
WEST OAKLAND— Big bargain: lot 45x150.
with good two-story house of 7 rooms. • bath-
¦ room, pantry: stable, windmill; house is in
pood location and always Vented: owner Is a
non-resident and has left Oakland.* and will
make easy terms if desired: this Is the best
buy in West Oakland to-day; between Center
pt. and Adeline St. JAS.. S. NAISMITH. 452
Ninth st. »'..•'.
OAKLAND. COTTAGES.. TO LET. \
tS— OAKLAND cottages. 4 rooms, bath, base-
ment, large lot, city water. R. J. MONT-
GOMERY, r. 3. 4th floor. Mills bldg., S F
,or A. J. SXYDER. 457 Ninth st.; Oakland.
I Just a little better
than any other train v
—a littla better service— '
• a more homelike
feeling on th« *•
[LIMITED
j than you find efsewhert,
I and it runs like this
i LEAVES SAW FRAHCISCO *
1j 9 am Kan Tuss Wed Thur Fri Sat Sun
| ARRIVES CHICAGO |
* 2.15 pm Thur Fri Sat Sun San Tass Wed
75 HOURS TO CHICAGO
Of J THE I
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trnln* l«-t»»«< nml nr* «lit«« in nrrlv* «t
MAM KlUMt'lSCK.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street!
mats — From Ai-k.ii, li. 1301. — ARKtva
7:30* Benicfa, Suiann, Elraira, Vtcavtlie,
Kumsej ami Sacramento 7s3<1p
<:30a Darin, Woodland. Knights Landing.
jMarfsfille, <>r<i»i:ie.... 7:3.1 p
7i3Oa Atlantic Kxpresa— O((dei. mod Etn ISiSAp
S.-Oii* Martinez, S:ui U&ihou, Vallejo. ?»»i*.
i.'aiMtngit ami Hama Kusa OiS^p
8:00a Livermoiv, Stockton, ILtLforJ, Vfca-
lls, » ortcnllU- , 4:2.1?
SsOOa MK Lethrop, Meioed. F:ocno, IU-
ktigrirld 1:33*
8:3«r a Shuu Kxprrss— Daria, Wmiuna (for .
liart!t-n Sprints). WiUowa, _od
Bluff, ForUmd 7sS5r
»:."<»A Kmi .limij, Uvermore, .Stock bin.
lmie, Sacrsiurntn, FlacenlUo,
Mitrj»fill«. Chlco, l:«.l IttulT 4iS3p
N:3OA Oak.Ulf. Chinese (Yoaemfte), So-
nera, Carter*..... 4t23y
!»:<>« a IIijrw:ini», Nilrs ainl Way .Stations. 1 1 :»3a
t):0OA Lus AoKelea Express — Martinet.
"', '-* Tracy, Jjatlirop. .Stork ton, Merctil
Kresno «nJ Lob Angelea .......... 7:53a,
«::i<»* Vi.n.j... Alartfum mml »V»y Station ¦ !tt.15p
I UHi « a Tho Oierla.Mil Limited— Oeden, l>ea-
tcr, Omaha. Uhioae" •¦•3r
f l:«(»r .Siicraiuriil.il ItlTor Stemnnni {SiOOa
.t:3np ilajtTHr.K N'ilrR ami War Htati»ni. 7:.13p
3:3t>p fortCoHA, Mjrtlntz Latbrop. ller-
cid ; KtremK (Vosemi r), fcresuo.. ~:23p
¦liOOr Keuiciu. Winters. Hacniuenko,
Wumllanii, KnUitj lauding,
Murynrillr. On.tlllo I0:S3a
' 4:««p Mnitinhz, Han lUmoii, Vsliejo,
NhIki. l)»!wi.t.j<n. .ShhU IXomv IIiSSa
4t««r Niies LiTennoro, Stockton. Lodl... lOiS.lx
* i :«" i- llnywjrds. ft ilsn Man.lose. Wn rrr.oro IMs.iS*
3:«op The Owl IJraited— Tracy. Stocktun.
Kretuc, IJikereUclil. lianjits fur.
Santa itarlntra, Ias Angeles ...... 8.-334
«:t>rtp Hayiranw, NilemnndNaii Juia ~a334
1»:»«r Vailojo » I li»34
SiUUf Orioutal Mail— Ocileti. Cheyenne.
Oiiiaha, Clilcign.. 12t33r
«J:«»Or Oriental Slail— Ogdeo, DenTer,
Omaha, Chicago. 4:33r
~:OOr Oci-cou »u«l l.'allfonila IU|>rrii»,Hi»s-
ritmctitii.-- Marjmlllo, K«tMliic,
»-i»i tlaii.l. I'mtnt NoutMl ami Must 8:33a,
«i«5pSan P»b'o. rnrt <;.wt», JUrtioex
amttVay .Sl»ti<i:is — 11:33*
t^:03i» V»Ufj» 7»5a»
COAST LINE (.Wrew tiaiige). .
<r<x»t».r Market Street.)
;¦;:«.» a Siatu <4ni! KxcnrstoD lo rtsata Cruz
Mid Pr _c pil Way Stations JS:03»
8:19a Netr»rk.li-tiu:r» IUf,.San Jose, Fcltiui,
)J<mM«r<;rrcli,Saii!»0riuaiid\Vay
Htatiiiiis : 5:3i»»
t2sl3r KnwMk, Ce..lr,rti!I... 8i»n .Inaa, Nr*.
Almailmi. K»lton. linuliler Vnek,
Hauta «.'n« aud l'llacipal Way
StafiOfH... fl»:3«4
4«13r Newwk, Haa Jew. Los Cal<» { jiol'sai
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. .
Tfim SIX rSlSSlSCO— rcoi *t MtTktt Strf»t(S!ij I) —
17:15 f:W 11:00«.U. 1:03 1:33 6:13r.«.
rr»aOmUB— rMUr5tu^=»»f.— fii-.oo UM tiM
10 .00 a. u. 12:C3 g:?8 iK!3r.n.
COAST L1XE llirwd (i.« B »).
(Thlnl m*t Townnetwl Sts.)
•itlftA Mouth nan *'miirue... P*lo Alto.... «in»r
(7:«M»A Kai, Jnsvaml Wcy.SUtli.liH li»«p
/7:O«a New «li««llf / l:UOr
t^:l.1* inndsy Kxcnrvinn for (fan Jtte.
H*rti Ire. P.cltic Orore anu
Pilccipil Way Sution." tS:3OT
8:00 i Cosst LiiieLimited, Vnn Jus*. Gflroy.
S»MnkS, 1'i.so i:obl«-s. 8*n Li;:«
Obhpo, Lompoc. Sanu It«rb»r*.
Los Argelss IO:i.1p
0iS»aNhii Jmio. Trrn I'innfl. Mimta rrn*.
Parifte KriiTv, rallnas San Lois
OKg-po ami Piincii>ai luttnaeduie
NUfhins. 4:1©»
10t3«A San Jest and Way Stations.. ttMww
lli:t«A Hah JnatfuiMl Way Slmtioin 3t^t>p
12: Iftr Hm M>tr». Kedwooil. Menlu Patk. i"
Palo Alto, ifenta Clara, Han June.
'."¦'. Tres Pinos. HanU Vint, Salinas,
Monterey »ihI I'aeilie Cr»Te...... |IO:434
fnsilOt- Haa Juavaud Way Ktatbiiia «:::<»*
t-til »r SwiJowniul Principal Wsy Stations U: 13*
04:43p Sui>Mt Limited— El I"»eo. I.'ew Or-
lears aLd Katt. • lflilSA
. t^iUOfSan Jose, Los Gatos aud Principal
Way Stations f»:«3*
> 5tai»p SauJi>Mi«u.l Principal Way Stations K:.~.«a
«:3»rR»».I(i»»inl \T«yMtatlons tS-.OO*
7:«Or Keir Orleans Exptww, San Jose,
S »nt% Barbara. Lou Angeles. D m-
ing. El Paoo. XewOr!e»i.A»n(lJUst 7:«Oa
7:00r Del Monte. Monterey, f-adfio GiOTe.
¦ Lo.ipoo.... t.., l»:-t3p
gil;43pSan .)i.mn»ml Way Statlmw 7:.t«»y
A for .MoRiinz. P for Afternoon. •
1 Kunitar c t capted. ! Stiiid»r only.
g "tredDMiUys. /Ti»*day» and FriJayi.
- e Snndua. , a iiaatrday only. .
MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Via Sa_ aSto Vary— Foot ot it axket St.'
IV. SAM ritAft. AH. SAM rn«N.
1:« p. M. J. WEEK DATS , g^ " M
4:00 p. it.) Stayoveroightat thexAVEKN (UhxrS.M.
8Wa.m.V f lrtJwr.M.
l<fcO0A. m. ( c:r-vnxvq IW'.H.
11:30a.m. f SUNDAYS ¦ j. „
l:15r._.j l5:55r.M.
l-'are. San Franclscn to Summit and Return. 31. *0.
Tictet Offices, 621 Market tft., «fc Sapsalito FeTrr.
SDr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 EEABXT ST. Established
in 1S34 (or the treatmpnt of Frivata
Disi-nses. Ix><t HnanooA. D?bl!ltv or
tdlw-aa- -vparlnp on borly anil mind and
¦Skin Diseases. The Doctor cnrwwiit-ri
others tail. Ttj him. t'barg-rs low.
<"ur<>« crnarmiirril. Callorrvrlw,
pr. jr. V. QIBBO.\, a«u Francisco, CaU _
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND STORES TO LET.
¦ COMMODIOUS offices to let; best location;
electric elevator service. Abrahumson build-
ing, 'corner Thirteenth and j Washington sts.,
; Oakland. '
I $10— OAKLAND I corner store, with . 3 living
rooms; Jarge yard -and city water. R. J.
MONTGOMERY, r. 3. 4th iloor. Mills bldg.,
• P. F.. or A. J. Snyder. 4S7 Ninth St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND KURXITUltR FGU SALE.
: AN introduction to you from II. Schellbaas, th«
1 furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOJ1S FOR HOUSEKEEPING. \
¦ A FLAT of 4 beautiful larre rooms, wide hall.
! stationary tubs, with bath, completely fur-
nished for housekeeping: hot and cold water:
gas and telephone; new house; fine view;
healthy location; in a small, private family;
no children wanted; rent reasonable. 42:u
; Twentieth st.. r.ear Castro.
BARTLETT. 414— Newly papered; 3 sunny un-
furnished rooms, sink and bath.
BUENA VISTA ave.. 443. near Frederick— 3
i fur. or unfur. rooms or more; fine grounds.
FOLSOM, 834 — Sunny housekeeping • room;
closets: stove; bath; private; $6 month. .
GEARY, 729, rear— 3 cr 5 unfurnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; yard. %
GEARY, 1012—4 sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms, with use of Lath and telephone.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 622— Sunny bay-window
suite, 3 room's, nicely furnished; gas, bath.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1211A— 2 nice rooms for
housekeeping; no children. •
HOWARD, S23— Housekeeping rooms and sin-
gle; very reasonable.
HYDE. 40S— Sunny basement suite; complete
for housekpg. ; yard; laundry; $12; single, $«.
JESSIE, . 656 — 2 quiet furnished- rooms; house-
keeping, or single.
MCALLISTER, 641—2 n^w completely furnished
housekeeping rooms; bath, phone; rent reas.
MINNA,. 172, near Third — An elegant suite com-
pletely furnished fcr heavy • housekeeping,
with' sink and laundry. : ; ..
OAK, 119— Sunny basement room furnished for
housekeeping;: stove;: yard; $4. u-.V
PAGE, 9 — Furnished, back suite. $9; bay-win-
dow suite, J14; grate; gas.' . .. .'
SIXTH, 541— Front and back parlor for house-
'. keeping. $10; single room. $4. •
TURK. 613 — 2 sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; gas range; running water and kitch-
en; $12.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received- at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
ROOMS TO LIST Fnrn. a'u«l Cnfnrn.
AHLBORN~HOTELrsil Grant ave.'-Best do£
lar a day family hotel In city; polite attend-
ance; large rooms; modern conveniences. 1
rooms SOe up; flrst-cliss meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 14S Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5'i3er week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms.. eultes.. single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, '863, bet. Mason and Taylor— Nicely fur-
nished sunny rooms.
ELDER Room-renting 3ureau. 22 Kearny st.r-
-T^l. Red 2334 rooms fuiiitsUed or unfurnished.
ELLIS, 725 — Large sunny furnished room; Ger-
man family; $5 per month. .
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1211A— One front room;-
suitable for two gentlemen. ' .- ...
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
' eingle; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
JESSIE, 363. near Fifth and Market— Furnished
rooms. $4 and $5. ¦:-'¦¦¦ : ¦
LARKIN, 8^4— Sunny front, room, neatly fur-
nlehed; 1 or 2 gentlemen; $8.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient. .
NEW AR_As*GTON. ,,1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms,' $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunnj furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: elec. lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 224 — Nicely furnished sunny
rooms with modern improvements, $1 75 up
per week. • ¦ . • • • '
O'FARRELL, 591— Nicely furnished front room,
suitable. for 1 or 2 gentlemen; rent reasonable.
POST, 631 — Large front loom, furnished. $9 for
. one, $10 for two persons; neither smoke nor
drink In the house; Protestant Christians
preferred. • __ ¦"'¦-.
PINE. SS6%; near Taylor— 3 nice rooms to let.
-ROYAL Heuse, 126 ¦ Ellis — Incandescent light;
reajling'-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, Sic to $1 50; week, $2 to
t8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
• rooms with hot and old water; baths. >
ROSEDALE • House, 3i!»-321 Eljis St.— Rooma,
night. 2£c to $1; week, $1 23, to $4; open.nlqht;
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SUNNY bay-window room with running water,
gas and bath. Apply 34 Eleventh st.
TAYLOR, 106— Light airy rooms, $5 up; also
furnished, housekeeping rooms.
THE BANGOR. 18 Ellis St.— Newly furnished
. . rooms, en suite or single; permanent or tran-
sient.
TURK, 542— Furnished room; convenient for 1
or 2; private family.
VAN NESS. 930
Bachelor's apartments; elegantly furnished;
all Eouth rooms; references.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
AT the old Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with annex SO" California Bt., may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and sightly rooms at' modest rates.
; A SMALL family (4 adults) have large, sunny
room; suitable for two persons ; quiet, com-
fortable home. 1512 Franklin st.
SUNNY rooms with board at 232 Halght St.-;
.also 2 large connecting rooms; suitable for
3 or 4 adults.
TWENTY-FIRST, 3375-Fumlshed room anil
board; good home cooking.
BOARD with or without rooms in private fain-
lly. 129 Hyde st.
ROOMS WANTED.
FURNISHED front and back room, suitable for
doctor's office, on. Market St., between Geary
and Jones, cr any side street within half
block -of Market; place for sign; price $20 ot
$25. Box 3742. Call office. , ;
WANTED— By man and wife (no children) 3
or 4 furnished or unfurnished housekeeping
rooms; state price and full ' particulars. Box
3777, Call office. . .
UOO91S AXl) UOAKD WASTED.
RESPECTABLE worklngman (widower) with
. little daughter desires good room and board
In respectable private Protestant family,
where little daughter will receive kind moth-
. erly care and piano practice will not be ob-
. ¦ jectlonabln; reasonable. Box 3780. Call office.
¦WANTED — Room and cheap board for elderlv
lady. Box 3781, Call office. > y
• SPECIAL XOTICES. '
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria KId
Orphsnase of 520 Lake st.. San Francisco.
Cal., has received the following orphan and
half-orphan girls from January 1 tcr April l
1901: Alice F. Debis. 10 years; Eleanor Rob^
erts. 2 years 10 months; Mary Phillips 7
years; Annie Sharman, 6 years; Harriet
• Sharroan, 3 years 4 months; Lillian L. Kos-
felt, 2 years 7 months; Bertha Koenc 3
years 5 months: Pauline E. Olson. 9 year's 5
, months; Frances Follls. 10 yeare 6 months.
LADIES — Chichester English. Pennyroyal PHls
are the best: safe, reliable; take no other'
' send 4c Ftamps for particulars; ¦ "Relief for
Ladles" In letter by return mail: at druc-
glsts. Chichester Chemical Co.. Phlladal.. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for ,J4; collections made-
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO
415 .Montgomery St.. rooms 9-19; tel. 5380. '"
MATERNITY HOSPITAL, 997 Market St.— La-
dles during confinement w. in rtnvs' cure. *2ft.
•oEWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and' repairing guaran-
| teed. Charles Plambeck. 1813 Mission, nr. loth. | ,
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired ; open even. ; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
BOUGHT, sold, rentei, repaired; needles -and
| shuttles: reduced ratea.-14.-i 6th: phone Mint 5. ¦
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage Tnd^Movinc~cT"
¦ office. Pest and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5711.'
I n EKI£S Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission Et.;
tel. Main 1S40: shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and •Furniture Moving Com-
pany. -2?20 Flllmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. S40 MIs-
slor. st. ; te;. Mint 1S21. F. W. ZEHFUSS. ¦
• STAIILES TO LET. !
TO rent— Coal yard; large barn, 15 stalls; sult^
able for milk dairy. 3353 Twentieth st:
CALIFORM RORTHWESTERH RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRAHCiSCO AMD NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIburon Ferry. Foot of Market St-
San FranciNCO to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35. 3:30.
5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip at 11:30
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 and
11:30 t>. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:20, 3:30.
5:00. 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San FrancUc*.
WEEK DAYS-6:10, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:6o
SUNDAYS-?8:10'. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40.' 3:40.
5:05. 6:25 p. m.
. Between San Francisco and Schuetaen Far*.
same schedule as above.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. {April 15. 1901. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I J Sm»- I £¦>*>«
Days. J days. | Destination. | days. I Bay*.
7:30 ami S:C0-amj Novato.- W.fO am\$:V} urn
3:30 pip. 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:15 pm 10:2.i am
6:10 pm| 5:00 pml Santa Roaa. 7:35 pml 6:22 pm
Fulton. 1
7:30 am Vi'indssr. 10:25 am
Healdsburg.
Lytton.
j Geyservllle.
3:30 pm 8:00 am| Clov-ardale. 7:33 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 ami j Hopland j |1O:» am
3:30 pm| 8:00 am| and UKlah. ] 7:So pm| 6:22 pm
,"7:30 ami *• j 110:25 am
I 8:00 am Guernevllle.l 7:33 pm
J:30 pmj l_ 1 | 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 ami Songiria 9:13 ami 8:40 am
I and I
5:10 pm 5:00pmi-GIen Ellen. 6:05 pm| 6:22 pm
¦ 7:20 am! S :00amj |W:-i0 am!10:25 am
3:20 pml 5:00 pm[ Sehastopol. I 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
Stasres connect at Santa Rfira for Mark West
Springs and Whits Sulphur Springs;
Et Lytton for Lytton Spring3; at
Geyserville for Skasgs Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers:, at Hopland for Duncan
Springs/ Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: at TJklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. "Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Pomn, Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside. Lierley"s, Bucknell's,
Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's Hot Springs,
Meniloclno City. Fort Brasg. WestporU. Usal.
Willetts, Laytonvllle. Cummings. Bell's Springs.
Harris, Olsens. Dyer. Scotia and . Eureka. :
Saturday to Monday round-tri? tickets at re-
duced rates. •
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
bevond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market St.. Chronicle bulld-
Iris-. R. X. RYAN.
II. C. WHITING. - Gen. Pass. Agt.
' General Manarrer. •
Santa Fe'
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd | Local
Dally. Dally. Daily. (Daily.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a &:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stocktcn.. 10:23 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
" Merced .. 12:Z5 p 1:17 p 1:15a
" Fresno ... 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a
'•Hanford..: 4:22 p S:27 p 7:06 a ........
" Visalla .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
" Tuiare ... 4:27 p 4:27p 5:05a
" " Bksfield.. 6:50 p 5.S0 p 7:30a ........
" Kan. City 2 Ml a 7:30 a
: ;'* Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a, m. train is the California Limited.
Carrying 1'alace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-clasd
tickets are honored on this train. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:53 p. m. daily.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally. '
3:00 p. m. is the Overland Kxpress, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Iteclining Chair Car. also Palace
Slc-eper, which cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:J5 p. m. dally.
7:20 a. m. • Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at S:40 a. m. daily.
Offices— 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 111S Broadway, Oak-
land.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry. - .
. - Commencing September SO, _03
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL. Ai^ £ ' 1
WEEK DAYS— 6:55, *9:15, 11:00 a. m., »l:43.
3:15, 4:00. 6:15, *6:15, 6:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Milt Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:00 and 11:35 p. rn.
SUNDAYS— *8:0«. •10:00, < •11:30 a. m., •!:„
3:15, *4:45.\6:30, 9:00 p. m. •
Trail— marked (*) run to San Quentfn.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— G:20, *6:30, 7:43. 9:30 a. m.
•12:30, 1:43, *3:30, 4:30. 5:20 p. m. ¦ . '
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, "Wednesdays
and ' Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:20. »8:0O. »10:00. MIMS a. m.
•1:40. *2:13. 4:43. »6:30 p. m. .
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45, 6:45, 7:55. 9:30 a. m.,
13-35, 2:10, 3:30. 4:54, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and ¦ Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05, 10:05- a. m.. 12:03, 2:15, 3:30.
5:00, 6:43 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m, week days— Cazadero and way
stations. .
.1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Tomales. and way
stations.
S a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way sta-
tions. ' • .
CHICAGO I
tn LESS *'""'
THREE DAYS
San Francisco ¦ At 10 A. M.
. . v Chicago, Union Pacific .
Line .
J~\OU^LE Dravimg-T^oom Sleeping
I J .Cars, Buffet, Smoking and Library
•^—^ Cars, with barb if. Dicing Cars-—
meals a It carte. Dailr Tourist Car
Service . and Personally Conducted Ex-
cursions t very. week from San Francisco
at 6 p. m. The btst of nervthmg. "
It. H. . RITCHIE .
617 Market St. General Agent l^xelfie Ctxut
Palace Botd x BA2T FRAXCISCO I
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
jell better machines for less money than any
-hou-o in the city: rentals, $3. The Typewriter
, Exchange, D36 California; telephone Main 266.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. '
OFFICE of the Fireman's" Fund " Insurance
Company, San Francisco, April 15, 1901.— At
a regular meeting of the board of directors of
this' company, held this day, a dividend was
declared, payable on and after April 17. 1901.
, , • LOUIS WE1NMANN, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 90 (twenty
cents per share) -of the Hutchinson 8ugar
, Plantation Co.. will be payable at the of-
fice of the company, 327 Market St., San
Francisco, on and after Saturday. April 20,
£ 1801. Transfer f books ¦ close Saturday, April
13. 1901. at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
MARBIAGE LICENSES.
The following- marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
JoEeph A. Lewis, 23, Pinole, and Henrietta
• C. Brandt. 23, ' Pinole. ¦ .
Otto H. Wulff, 39, 76 Clementina street, and
Minnie Rowald. 46, 509A Larkln' street. '
Robert Grant, 44, 279 Jessie street, and Jessie
M. - Paine, 20, Fresno.
Christian H. Schnoor, 31. 1319 York street.
and Matilda N. Ransom. 29. 128 Clara street. ¦
¦ Bernard McCabe. 29. 30 Fell street, and Mary
Reilley, 22, 100G Larkin street.
Dominique Estacallle, 29, 614 Broadway, and
Anna M. Rapeyri. 22. 323 Thirteenth street.
: Albert H. Cady, ¦ 35. Chatham, N. Y., and
Minerva E, Ka.i««r. 37, city..
' J6hn Smith. 42. 708> Ellis street, and Mary
A. Wallace, 2?, 21S Willow avenue. I.
Frank Joaquln, £8. Bethel. Alaska, and Marie
; Ryfkogel, 22, 2127. Howard street.
• Natale Maitgiaracina, 21, -2600 Howard street,
and Francesca Caldarella, 16. 573 Howard st,
Lewis Andrews. SO. 13 Johnston avenue, and
Catherine I. Drury, 24, 342 Second avenue.
¦ Lawrence II. Roche. 25. 30B Clara street,
and Mary E. Bums, 19, 27 Rcndell place.
,11. L. William Grandeman, 30. -207 Larkin
street, and Augusta A. Menke, 29, 1302 Golden
Gate avenue. .
Eli' Horirf Jr.. 32. 132 Fourth street, and
Christine Hofeldt.' 27. Sacramento. .
James Pyott, 32, Seattle, Wash., and Mary
E. Whlteliead, 23, Gilman. Wash..
.Arthur J. Falvey. 24. 4S3. McAllister street,
and Gprtrcde A. Green. 21, 465 McAllister st.
-.Daniel W. Welsh, 30, 1111 Fol3om street, and
Minnie Fairclough, 19, Crockett.
Alexander S. Keenan, 28, 402 Hayes street,
and LaucA'M., Magulre, 23. 2721 Folsom utreet.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
.mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either cf the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN. V
¦WORRALL— In this "city, April 9, 1901, to the
wife of Albert Worra.ll, a son. '
___________ _
GURKE— LEIHKAM-In Lorin. Berkeley, Cal..
April 9, 1901, Ernest Gurke- and Mrs. Sophie
I-plhkam.
JENKINS^RAWLSTON— In this city, April
• 13, ,1SC1. by the Rev. Phil Coombe, . John
I Henry Jenkins and Annie Rawlston, both of j
San Francisco. . ¦ . ¦
______
' Beach. Arthur B. McCee. Abram E.
Connlff, John V. McGinn, Georre
Considine, Maria Macauley, Thos. J.
Costello, Mazie Molander, Ccnstan-
' Dexter, Hattle J. . tine D. ¦;
Doyle, Mary O'Ccnnell. Daniel
Elliott, Thomas O'Malley, Sister Mary
Forrest, Alexander Lorenzo
Frankenberg, Char- Phelps, William S.
i lotte - ' ' Pratt, Charles ':
. Gabriel. Louis Reilly. John D.
Hauselt, John M. A. . Roach, Julia
Hayes, William J. Sadler, Herrmann J.
Hennessev, Geo. R. Sml.th. Louis :
Kenney, John TIpson, Arthur W.
- Lennon. Bridget Van Every; Henry
Logan, Edward Ward, William
BEACH— In the City and County Hospital,
April 14, 1901, Arthur B. Beach, a native of
Connecticut, eseda4 years.
CRAMER— In this city, April 13, 1901. James
H. Cramer, beloved father of Erastus C.
Cramor, a native of Ohio, aged 60 years. A
member- of Mountain View Lodce No. 244,
I. O. O. F., and Mission Rebekah Lodge No.
225, I. O. O. ¦ F. " '¦• ¦¦ ¦ •
(E~I'"rlends and . acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), from the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2425 Mis-
sion street. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery, by electric funeral car . at Twentieth
and Guerrero streets. ' Services under the
auspice a of the Board of Relief. I. O. O. F.
CONXIFi 1 - In this city. April 13. 1901, John
V., l>e!oved brother of Eddie and Frances
Conniff, and nephew of Mrs. M. Doyle, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 27 years 6 months
. and 3 days. . ¦ •
ICTFriends are respectfully Invited to al-
.tend the 'funeral .this day (Tuesday), at 9
• " o'clock. - frOrrT the -parldrs' of 'MCAVoy K-Co.,
1239 Market .street, between . Eighth and
Ninth, thence to St. Rose's Church, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose' of his soiil,-- commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment -Mount' Calvary Cemetery.
¦CONSIDINE — In ' this city, April 15. 1901.
Maria, beloved wife of Patrick Considine,
.mother of Agnes, Rose and Raymond Con-
Bldine, daughter of the late Mathew and
Mary McGrath, and sister of Michael and
Thomas McGrath, Mrs. P. Cluness and Mrs.
E. Miller, a native qf County Clare, Ireland,
aeed 33 years.
(E?"Remains at the parlors, of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mission street.
COSTELLO— In this city. April 15, 1901, Mazle.
dearly beloved and only-child of George and
Annie Costello. a native of San Francisco,
aged 3 years 4 months and 28 days.
DEXTER— In this city. April 14. 1901, Hattie
Josephine Dexter, sister of D. H. and G. H.
Bibb.a native of Santa Clara, Cal., aged 3S
years. - -' ¦ . . .
(_?"The funeral will take, place this day
- (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the Church of
the Advent. Eleventh street, near Market.
. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
DOYLE— In this city, April 15, 1901, Mary, be-
'. loved wife of the late John Doyle, and
mother of Jchn R., William E. and Harry
J. Doyle, Mrs. Frank Moran, Mrs. Charles
Regan and the late Roderick and Thomas F.
Doyle, a native of County Mayo, Ireland,
ajed 62 years.
t_f Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the ¦ funeral this day
• (Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter, C02 Fourteenth street. In-
terment at San Jose, by . the 2:30. o'clock
train from Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets.
ELLIOTT— In this city, April 15. 1901, Thomas,
relict of the late Ann Elliott, and beloved
father of Mrs. Lucy Billiard and Thomas
Jr. and George Elliott, a natl\-e of Eng-"
land, aged 79- years and 3 months.
[E^"Krlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to, attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his daughter, 1338 Washington
street, corner of Leavenworth. Interment
Mount Olivet "Cemetery.
FORREST— In this city. -April 15, 1901, Alex-
ander, beloved . husband of Elizabeth Forrest,
a native of Scotland, aged 69 years 10 months
and 27 days. • , .
FRANKENBERG— In this city. April 15, 1901,
Charlotte, relict of the late Julius Franksn-
. berg 1 , beloved mother of Nathan. Louis and
Rose Frankenbere and Mrs. Sam Levy, and
sister of Herman Glouber. a' native of Aus-
tria, aged 74. years S months and 14 days.
C^Frlends are respectfully invited' to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Wednes-
day), at 10 o'clock, at her late residence, 703
' Hayes street. Interment 1 Home of Peace
Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets. •
GABRIEL— In the City and County Hospital,
April 15. 1901, Louis Gabriel. , a native of
Maryland,' aged 40 years.
HAUSELT— In Murphys Camp, Calaveras
County, April 14, 1901. John M. A. Hauselt.
beloved father of Mrs. G. L. Keller, Mrs.
H. Borjes, Dr. E. P.-Hauselt ajid Conrad.
Fred and the late John Hauselt. a native of
Bavaria. Germany, aged 74 years.
HAYES— In th'.s city, April 14. ' 1901;" William
J., beloved husband of Maria L. Hayes, and
father of Alice L. and Allan J. Hayes, a na-
tive of 'New York, aged 53 years.
C?"Frlenda and acquaintances a-re respect-
fully invited to attend the .funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from his- late resi-
dence ' 1429 Bush street, . thence to St; Mary's
Cathedral, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing 1 at 9:30 o'clock. -Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. ...
HEKSEPSEY- In this city, April 15. 1901."
George Richard, beloved son of Richard James
and Irene Gertrude Hennessey, and brother
of the late Irene G. and Frank J. Hennessey,
a native of San Francisco, aged 3 years. 5
months and 27 days.
KENNEY— In this city, April 15, 1901. John
Kenney, a native of Ireland, aged 60 years.
LENNON— In this city/ April 15, 1901, Bridget
Lennon, dearly beloved mother of. William
Lenncn, Mrs. M. Fitzwilliam, Mra. A. Kelly,
Mrs. M. Davis of St. Louis, the late Thomas
Lennon of, St. Louis , and the . late -Mrs. . B.
T. Benson. . a native of County I Wlcklow,
Ireland, aged 96 years and 2| days. :
. tCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to -attend the. funeral to-morrow
KENkY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.) ¦ :
. DANIEL -P. DONOVAN, Mgr. ¦
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st., opposite , Lincoln School
Telephone South SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
' . 27 and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 167.' ¦
IUN1KAL DlRE0T0_3 ANi> EMBALMS!*.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates. •
I- JAMBS McGINN, r I
Formerly with McGinnn- Bros., has' opened R
new .! Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy St bet H
Taylor and Jones.'; Telephone South? 576 -. 6
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 1711 Leavenworth street, thence to
St.: Erigid's Church, where a requiem high
, mass will be celebrated for the repose of. her
;fouI. commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery. Oakland, by 11 o'clock
creek boat. ¦ Kindly -omit flowers. .- , .
LOGAN— In this city, April 15, 1901, Edward,
beloved - husband of the late Maria Logan,
- and loving father ¦ of Annie, Eddie and - the
late -Mary Logan, a native of County Gal-
way, Ireland. A member of - the C. K. of
A.. Branch IS".
C7"The . funeral will -. take place to-morrow
• (Wednesday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the par-
lors cf J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church, where
a reaulem high mass will be I celebrated for
the reDcss of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Please omit flowers.
McGEE— In this city, April 15. 1901. Abram
¦ , E. McGee. beloved husband of- Alice Mc-
¦ Gee, and fether of Claude McGee. a native
of Oregon, aged 44 years 11 months and 25
days. • ¦.
IE7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day.
(Tuesday), at 3:30 o'clock, .from the chapel
of I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
McGINN— In this city, April 14, 1901. George,
beloved husband of the late Annie M. Mc-
. Ginn, father . of Joseph A., George F., Leo
J.. Allen. Thomas P. and Ignatius McGinn,
and brother of Joseph and Ellen McGinn, a
native of. Dublin, Ireland, aged 62 years.
(New York and Maynooth, Ireland, papers
please ccpy.) \ ' ¦
ICNotlce of funsral hereafter.
MACAULEY— In this city, April 14. 1901, en-
tered Into rest, Thomas J., beloved son of
Thoma» and Mary E. Macauley, and brother
of Jane A., Frank R. and Helen I. Macauley,
a native of San Francisco, aged 27 years.
(CThe funeral will take place this day
¦ (Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2524 Howard street, thence to St. Pe-
. ter's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. - " :
MOLANDER— In this city, April 14. 1901. Con--
stantlne D. Molander, beloved son of Mr. •
and Mrs. D. Molander. and brother of An-
shlem Molander, a native of San Francisco,
aged 4 years 3 months and 10 days.
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 5% Bowie avenue. -Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
O'CONNKLL-In this city, April 14. 1901,
Daniel, beloved husband of Jane O'Connell,
and -father of John A., Daniel P.. James M.'
and Thomas J. O'Connell, and son of the .
late Hanora O'Connell, and brother of Mrs.
Mary McNamara and Mrs. Thomas O'Toole,
a native of County Clare, Ireland, aged 60
years 9 months and 20 days.
E~yFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence,' 1310A Harrison street, thence to St.
Joseph's -Church, Tenth street, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for. the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy -Crtss Cemetery. Kindly omit
flowers.
O'MALLEY— In this city, April 14, ¦ 1301. Sister
Mary Lorenzo O'Malley. Sister of Mercy, a
-native of Ireland, aged 51 years.
tC^The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), from the Chapel of the Passion,
attached to Bt. Mary's Hospital, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
" the • repose of her soul, commencins at 9
o'clock.
PHELPS— In this city. April 14. 1901, William
Sidney, husband of Jane Phelps. a native, of
Long Island, N. Y., aged SO years 11 months
and 28 days.
I • (E?"Friends are respectfully invited to at-
. tend the ' funeral sen-ices this day (Tues-
day), at 2 o'clock, at his late residence, 1531
Jones street. Interment Drivate.
PRATT— In the City and County Hospital,
April 13. 1901. Charles Pratt.
REILLY— In this city, April 14. 1901. John D..
beloved husband of Mary Reilly, and father
of "John J., Charles A. and Mae Reilly and
Mrs. A. E. Hatt Jr. of Nam, Cnl.. and
. brother of Charles J. Reilly, a native of Al-
bany, N. Y., aged 71 years 9 months and 10
- days. (Albany, N. Y., papers please copy.)
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to- attend the funeral this day
. (Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1504 Sanchez street, thence to St.
Paul's Church, corner of Twenty-ninth and
Church streets, where a requiem 'high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
RQACH— In this city. April 14, 1901. Julia, be-
loved wife of the late Lawrence Roach, and
mother of Michael II., David L., James T.,
Jeremiah E., Thomas F. and Frank Roach,
a native of County Cork, Ireland, aged 70
years.
V (C7"Frlends and acquaintances n<-e — ».po.-t-
fully invited . to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from ner laic resi-
dence, 3-13 Clementina street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul.
commencinK at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
SADLER— In this city. April 14, 1901, Herr-
mann Julius, beloved husband of Minnie C.
Sadler, and father of Aenes F., Erwin L.
and Herrmann- J. Sadler ..Jr., aged 60 years
3 months- and 24 days. \
C^Funeral - services to-ir.orrow (Wednes-
day^ at 2 o'clock, at Masonic Temple,- Post
and Montgomery streets.
SMITH— Drowned off transport Thomas. March
18. 1901. IjOuIs, youngest and beloved son of
:Mr. and- Mrs. Louis Smith, and brother of
Harry and . Ella Smith, aged 14 years 10
months and 13 days. (New York City and
Cleveland, Ohio, papers please copy.)
TIPSON— In Oakland. April 15. 1901, Arthur
William, beloved son or William A. and Bar-
tha Dtmckel TIpson, and brother of Grace
and A Ida TIpson, a native of New Jersey,
aged 24 years 10 months and 23 days.
VAN; EVERY— In Eden Vale, Cal., Henry Van
Every, beloved father of- Edwin Van Every,
ared 84 years.
WARD — An ¦ anniversary requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
of William Ward at St. Peter's Church to-
morrow (Wednesday) morning, at 9 o'clock.
Friends are invited.-
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF HONOR— The
Grand Lodge and members of the 'order Will
meet to attend the funeral of Sister Mary E.
Duncan, P. P., a charter member of the G.
L., this day (Tuesday), at .2 o'clock, at
Hatsted & Co.'s undertaking pnrlors, 946 Mis-
sion street. • Z. T. WHITTEN. G. P.
H. W. QUITZOW. G. S.
MOSEY TO LOA\— Contlnnrtl.
LOANS r-ji salaries without Indorser or secur-
ity; Eastern plan. Pearson, 5C3 1'helan bldg.
tluo.CCO TO loan on real estate or for building:
low rate. 222 Sar.some st.. room 2.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without.
Indorser. MORRKLL.. COS Examiner building.
TO salaried pec.p' e without collateral or in-
dorscr. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
MOVEY WANTED.
WANTED— $30,000 for 3 years, 10 per cent; real
estate FPcurlty. Address box 2382. Call office.
MUSICAL IXSTRU3IEXTS.
AT BYRON MAUZY'S, SC8 Post st!
Chlekerirg J41
Har.ett _ Davis ~ Mf
Dunham '. 76
Fymphony ; 100
Gilbert & Co 125
Steinway 150
Ricca ISO
Gahler 275
Pteck Baby Grand (like new) 450
Sohmer Baby Grand Oike new) 750
These pianos are all in excellent condition
end thoroughly warranted, and can be ex-
changed in three years for a new SOHMER
cr BYRON MAUZY Piano.
Pianos rented— Squares, tl 50; uprights, $3
up. and rent allowed on purchase.
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay _ Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Steinway down. Privilege
iriven to exchange medium and low priceit
pianos for a new Rteinway any time within
three years from date of purchase. Beautiful
new uprights pold for ?6 cash and J6 per
mc»th. W> offer to sell come good pianos at .
*3. *» and fo per month. BHERMAX. CLAY
& CO.. Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and
' Putter Bts., San Francisco; corner Broadway
and Thirteenth st, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY lowest rrices and easiest terms.
1 Xovejla upright... JCll Schiller $265
1 Emerson upright.. E5 I Gabler 133
1 Vose rr. «l Waverly 122
2 Steinways ....isr> up I Fisher upright.... 113
5 Heines 315 up 1 Mason-Hamltn ..390
1 Hallet-Davis 4» I Hardman S3
2 Behr Bros 3^7 1 Miller —a
and firty others^ rented and rent allowed;
rents ?3 up: we handle all makes; agents
-for some of the oldest and most famous
pianos in existence; agents wanted. HEINE*
PIANO CO.. S17 Geary Ft.
ABPOI^UTKLY the old«=t and largest house
*M of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S. K.
2S r>.nd 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
an.1 price?: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
CBFiomer. .
IT is unless for you to look elsewhere for bar-
pains, es we ha've lots of them; you can buy
for cash or payments and hav* many styles
to select from. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769
Market et.
IF you want tn Vnjy a flrst-class piano eee
THE HAZELTON— none better. We have
leys expensive, but good Instruments: several
tpr-oni-hand pianos; *ee them. DEWING
en.. Flood building. '_
f FIANO fnapf- ?6D, STS, fSO. $125. $130; easy
payments: also Ap°H n slightly used, a bar-
pain. BEN.T. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell
ft.. Chickering apency.
A? WILSON'S Stcraee. 1706 Market *t.. you
ran jret Mrrace rianos almost for a song.
FECOXD-HAND upright piano wanted for
cash: Ftate price and make. Box 3703. Call.
S3 PET< month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
ri'RTAZ PIANO CO.. MO Hayes Bt.
FINE 3-pedal Ftandard upright piano; sacri-
ficed account of death. 61S Eddy, nr. Larkln.
-] Sr— MAHOGANY Fischer upright left on sale.
117 Geary Ft., room 38.
FKAI'TIFi:L new pianos. JI53 up; rents and
easy payments. KLARE, 2200 Fillmore st.
fPECIAL sale of pianos this week; Steinway,
" Knabo and others. BRUENN. 208 Post St.
HIGGEPT bargain In F"isher upright piano;
noarl*- n«>w; must be sold. 301 Jones st.
'mnn-GHADE pianos; Eteck. Hartman, Con-
over and others. Wiley B. Allen Co., 314 Post.
BARGAIN*— Must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next HlbernlaBank.
A NEARLY new grand upright cheap; brilliant,
powerful tones. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S. 923 .Market St.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shoninger agency.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
T'nlted States or Canada one year for tl.
postmre paid.
r — — ——————— — _— _^ i^^^^
MUSICAL INSTRUCTION.
FIANO lessons given: thorough Instruction;
reasonable prices. 422H Grove St.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
tJ5 WILL rent store suitable for branch bakery
. or other business and 4 living rooms. Apply
«t i<36 Harrison Bt.. near Sixth.
FRONT furnished apartments suitable for doc-
tor or dentist. Z>% Geary: call" bet. 2 and 4.
. . - - OIL. > t -
6 CEXTS por share; the greatest money-mak-
ing opportunity ever offered; sold over 100,000
shares? last week to the best people In town;
send for prospectus to the fiscal agents here.
PACIFIC STATES MINING AND INVEST-
MENT CO.. J26 Pest et. Open evenings.
Agents TrsTited.
WANTED— 50 men with $100 to $300 cash; must
be pood, reliable men; money for development
of oil Rnd mineral lands: strlctljj._ legitimate
propositions. For particulars address box 3714,
Call office.
THE W. R. THOMAS CO.— Oil Lands In the
hert districts; Investigate; Fearless Oil and
Water Co.: a good Investment: water trans-
portation. 4C9 Examiner big.. 464 9th. Oakland.
JOSEPH B. TOPL1TZ. 330 Pine st! ~
~ EMBER PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Country Correspondence Solicited.
jrc™ FCR ieo acres Kern oil land location. Box
STfiS. Call office.
OIL tanks, second-hand. In pood order; all
Mzps; cheap. H. S. WHITE. S16 Mission St.
OIL LAXUS.
75.0CO ACRES oil lani in various counties for
I'.-ase and Fale. ROBINSON. 36 Geary st.. r. 6.
PAINTERS AXD DECORATORS.
ROOMS papered from $3 up; city or country.
Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d Et. ; tel. Red S5U.
WALL paper, window thartcs;. rooms papered, {1
•in. .lenseri ft Bnth SflS S'Tth: onen »vi»nln««
PALMISTRY."
H^ER^ME^O^ELljTscTentiflc palrnistTH?
Taylor fit., bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 5S1.
PATEXTS AXD PEXSIONS.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
GFO. r>. CAMPrcFLT,. Lawyer. Examiner big.
I'A«TA'_ItS WASTED.
WANTED— Doctor as partner on new discov-
ory. Box 2927. Call office. r
I'ERSOXALS.
A— IK your hair is falling or you are bald, cal!
en DR. G. S. MOORE. 4SS Geary St.. and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy Is po8l>
tively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts of the world: call or send for circular.
WE want reliable parties to sell goods on lib-
eral commission in out-of-town places; cash
prices will surprise you. Write S. C. S.. 27
Market st., San Francisco,
CRAV blankets \5c pair to JS for best heavy
California wool: a leader at S3 50. Trv
SMITHS", £7 Market st.; ask for. printed
list free.
A GOOD dinner at a low price. Home Dining.
room, 27 Market Ft., sixtta floor; take ele-
vator; finest view In town.
WANTED— Those having cancer or tumor to
v.rits for free book on home treatment of
this disease by absorption; no pain, no plas-
tcr. C. A. MASON. M- P.. Chatham. N. Y.
WANTED — Agents in every city to introduce
Lillif. WVbb California Olive Oil Toilet Soap,
Crram of Rose and Persian Cream. Ad-
dress Griffith Mfg. Co.. sole agents, 614 So.
liroadvray. Los Angeles. '
PRIVATE 'detective work; reasonable rates; 10
vea "s' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st.
THE Microbane Medical Co.. removed to 411
otary «=t.. where they give you free treat-
n:erjt for bald beads, falling hair and dan-
cruff • Mlcrobane Hair Grower cures all cases;
«¦• also remove superfluous hair; call and see
us. Mlcrubane Medical. Co.. 411 Geary st.
CIGAKKTTE and tobacco habit cured at
Jiome; {.,; valuable information for liquor,
rncrrhme opium, nil drug habits. MRS.
M ILLIAMS. 1S39 Polk St.. San Francisco.
REWARD— T 1000 paid ir your wrinkles, freckles
or sup. hair return after our treetment: sam-
J! l( f r f , 8t branch office. N., Y. Institute of
Dermatology, Glasgow bldg.. 100 EUls st..S.F.
£P £ ING Ft >' lcs Standard patterns now readv.
Domestic" office. 1C21 Market St.. nr. Sixth.
°k D *. C ! d ' * I!v *t. diamonds and precious itcnes
-J_."__1_ J K JEXgEL. 817 Market et.
£t££^£___*^ B ""?au. 127 Montgomery st..
_ !^ m _'^LQ 1 i 0 _ n 5^i^ h _^_£5ar^es_rea8onable.
V t£7J: K J?~ Su ' Aa l0 order from genuhTe
hcotch. ?.* up; line drees suits, $30 uj»; cle-~"
pant overcoats. SIS up.. LI3O-V LEMOS 1117
««rkct Et.. between Seventh and Efshth.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
H \^^^^~~^ Nowadays it's the easiest thing in »J
the world to go cast via the Burling- ||
P jrffiiS&Sgsi?^!^ Thro' tourist sleepers leave San M
H-/l_^___^^^ Francisco Tuesdays and Thursdays m
ip^ JpliSr * or Omaha, Chicago, Kansas City »
H I /^V\ Thro' Pullman sleepers, San Fran- ig
1 I i L$\ cisco to Chicago, daily. Dining-cars ffl
1 I 1 *$iy *^ e way. Library cars east of Den- &j
I I _J_^*^ ver * Finest scenery on the globe. O
A \'S^ /JO3 1^ Om! Tickets and berths at 631 Market MSOME OF THE ARTISTS WHO
- APPEARED AT THE EXHIBI
TION YESTERDAY.
Pyrography machines, skins for burn
ing and wooden novelties. New lot and
low prices. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket street. : - . -. , • . . •¦¦•
SUES FOR VALUABLE STOCK.-R. " W.
EchulUe has eued S. Kampe to ¦ compel th«
conveyance of stock in the Independent Mining
Company valued at $10,000. -which the plaintiff
alleges the defendant unlawfully retains.
c Bail Juggling in Schmidt Case.
Louis Schmidt, the baker; who was ac
cused of appearing at 112%, Grant aven'Ji
Sunday morning; with a revolver in oce
hand and a razor in the other aad:
threatening to kill Mi&s-Minnie Peterson,
niece of 2urs. Paul, Drasdo, the pro
prietress, appeared In Judge Mogan'sj
court yesterday on charges of threats to
kill, exhibiting a; deadlv weapon in a!
rude and . threatening | manner and dis- I
turbing- the peace. The- cases were con
tinued till to-morrow. Judse Moean wns
indignant when he learned that Schmidi
had been released on $lt>0 cash ball for the
charge of threats against life and $20 on
each of the other charges. ;He happened
to be in the City Prison when Schmidt
.was brought'in Sunday morning, and fixed
his bonds at $3000 on-the charge'of threats'
against life,.and $500 on each of the other
two charges.' Attorney-Walter Gallagher
gotfWarrant and Bond. Clerk Burke Sun
day night, to fix the low bail, and Desk
'Sergeant Brown had Lo accept the orders
of discharge. , -rf
Former Husband Wanted to Dance
on Her Grave- — Decrees Issued ¦
; and Suits Filed.
Mrs. Maude K. Spencer was granted a
divorce from Henry McD. Spencer by
Judge Seawell yesterday. The decree was
issued on the jrround of cruelty.; \'i'^'\:
Mrs. Spencer testified that she -was mar
ried July 25. 1893. For five years, she con
tinued,'she was contented: then her hus
band began to treat her cruelly, she says.
He often .told her he wished she were
dead, she 'concluded, "because he^would
greatly enjoy dancing on her grave."
Judge Seawell forthwith granted the de
cree and allowed Mrs. Spencer, alimony
in the sum of $75 a month. , Spencer is con
nected with a local insurance office. . ¦¦
Decrees of divorce were granted also to
Nellie McDavitt from James McDavitt for
failure to -provide -and Ida A. Getz from
R. J. Getz for. desertion.
Suits for divorce have; been filed by Ma
rie, Johans against Theodore Johans for
cruelty, Mary Silvas against . Ralph . A.
Silvas for failure to provide and Thomas
F. Kollman against -Mary A. Kollman for
cruelty. . ,
MAUDE E. SPENCEB IS .
GRANTED A DIVORCE
Rivierre Released From Custody.
' G.' Emile" Rlvierre, who had been de
tained in "the tanks" at the City Prison
since Saturday for- ths alleged kidnaping
of his son, Reynold, three and a half
years- old. -from Denver,' was released
from custody by order ' of CaDtain Sey
mour yesterday morning. Rivierre prom
ised to . report daily to the Captain, and
pledged his word that the would not se€k
to take possession of his son till thfc
courts decided as to his power to do so.
Mrs. La ge, .108% Fell street, who has
temporary charge of the boy, was notified
by Detective » Bally not to give up-pos
session of the boy unless* by an order of
the Police Department. Captain Seymour
has heard nothing further from Denver
as to any charge against Rivierre. ; \
• SUES .TO. STOP , SALARIES.— Ernest
Schraubstadter and B. A. Groezinger have sued
E. fC. Priber,' I L. . Jackers. E. ' M. Adams and
the Sonoma Wine Company to recover, as
stockholders, -the sum; of $9600 which the plaint
iffs allege the defendants, Priber and Jackers,
illegally appropriated and . applied on their
salary accounts for services rendered the wine
company named. Ths plaintiffs also ask for
an injunction restraining Preber and Jackers
from drawing any salary from the corporation.;
THET STOLE A BOAT.— Frank Leonard
and John Brady, two water front thieves,
were each sentenced to six months in the
County Jail by Judge Fritz yesterday for
stealing- a boat from Fisherman's wharf.
This company Is at the ' present . time
soliciting the services of active, intelligent
men to represent the Prudential in all
parts of this State and "Washington. For
information address the local office. r v,-.-«
From a synopsis of the twenty-fifth an
nual statement of the Prudential Insur
ance Company of America, which com
pany has recently commenced operations
In California and "Washington, It is shown
that this progressive institution made
large gains during 1900. Figures regard
ing such a life insurance company are al
ways interesting to note, and -it is safe
to eay that no one will be more Interested
in the company's prosperity than Its 4,000,
000 policy-holders. The policies of the
Prudential are issued upon the most mod
ern and improved plans that can be de
vised by life " underwriters. " During the
twenty-five > years of. its existence the
Prudential has paid to its policy-holders
over $49,000,000. Of this amount it • paid
over $7,000,000 to beneficiaries during- last
vear. At the end of 1900 the -company's
assets were over $40,000,000, while it had
over 5604,000,000 of insurance in.force. The
surplus at theend of 1900 was over $6,000, -
000. One of the sure tests of a life in
surance company's prosperity is its. in
come, the Prudential's record in this par
ticular for 1900 being over $24,000,000. "While
many other figures are shown in a more
detailed statement of -the company's an
nual report, those given above reflect with
particular credit upon the management of
this great institution.
A letter addressed to the president of the
company, Mr. John F. Dryden, Home Of
fice, Newark, N. J.. or to their local repre
sentatives In California or "Washington
will bring any information you may desire
with reference to the policies issued by
the Prudential.
A Quarter Century of Success.
The United States Civil Service Commis
• sion announces that on May 7, 1901, in all
cities having postal free delivery exami
nations will be held for the following- po
sitions: Inspector of Hulls. Steamboat In
spection Service, at Detroit, Mich., salary
51S00 per annum; junior architectural
draughtsman in the Supervising Architect's
office -<two vacancies), at a salary of $840
and $1000 per annum; respectively; actinp
assistant surgeon. Marine Hospital Ser
vice, at Portland, Me., salary $600 per an
num; disciplinarian, Indian Service. In the
Puyallup School. "Washington, salary $600
per annum. Persons who desire to com
pete should apply at once to the commis
sion at Washington D. C, for application
forms. - .v
Civil Service Examinations.
. During the past few nights several be
lated citizens have been held up and
robbed by the same man. Last night i a
number of policemen dressed In citizens'
clothes patrolled the streets in the "West
ern Addition in the hope of catching the
footpad, but they failed to get a trace of
him.
'Guggenheim described the robber as be
ing about 5 feet 10 inches in height and
weighing about 170 pounds. He wore a
slouch hat and a. dark suit of clothes. '
"I had just left my brother's house," he
said when telling his story to, the police,
"when the robber, who wore a mask, sud
denly confronted me and" placing a re
volver In proximity to my. head,, or
dered me to throw up my hands. As I
did so he placed his disengaged hand in
my pocket and helped himself to a small
amount of money.;. Determined to save
my jewelry If possible, I yelled for help.
At that the footpad, with an oath, took
to his heels and disappeared down Gough
street." / .
A lone robber Is operating in the "West
ern Addition. Late Sunday night he held
up J. D. Guggenheim on Gough street, but
secured little of value.^ Guggenheim had
attended a party given by his brother at
the latter's residence on Gough street, be
tween Post and Geary, and 'was on his
way home when he was held up. ' ;'.
Holds Up and Robs a Num
ber of Pedestrians in
Western Addition.
LONE FOOTPAD
DODGES POLICE
Miss Alice J. Dunn, a graduate of the
Asylum for the Blind at Berkeley, will be
accompanist. She is the daughter 1 or
Felix J. Dunn, formerly of Sacramento,
but at present connected with the United
States Land Office in this city. She is
said to be a pianiste or merit, being pos
sessed of rare delicacy of touch and feel
ing. . The programme will comprise the
following numbers:
Suite, in two movements, allegro and an
dante : Goldmark
Messrs. Wismer and Maurer. ¦
fa) "Without Thee" D'Hardelot
(b) "When the Heart Is Young".. Dudley Buck
. Miss Christine La Barraque.
(a) "Beyond the Gates of Paradise". B. A. King
(b) "The Indifferent Mariner" Bullard
. - Mr. Sheerin.
Scena, "Der Freischutz" •• ..„•
Miss Christine La Barraque.
Adagio in E flat. Spohr :
Messrs. Wismer : and Maurer.
VFleur des Alpes"........ Wekerlin
¦ , ¦ . Miss Christine La Barraque. • .
"Ave Maria'! Gounod
., (With violin, organ and piano.)
Miss Christine La Barraque, Mr. Wismer,
' • . : Professor Kelleher and Miss' Alice Dunn.
A song recital; in which many of the
leading members "of society are interested
will be given this evening at Sherman &
Clay's Hall. ; Miss Christine La Barraque
will be the principal vocalist. She has
been for some , time past \ under the tute
lage of Professor Alfred J.' Kelleher. As
sisting will be Hother "Wismer and Daniel
Sheerin Jr. ' ; ; •'; :. ".-. j. r-l-j
BLIND GIRL WILL BE
PIANO ACCOMPANIST
Miss Alice J. Dunn to Assist at Song
Recital Given by Miss La
Barraque.
George W. McNear of the Produce Ex
change, George A. Newhall, representing
the Chamber of Commerce, and, Andrew J.
Carrigan of the San Francisco Board of
Trade, are on their way to Washington,
D. C, their purpose being to Induce the
administration to assist San Francisco in
securing a direct •movement of traffic be
tween this port and Manila. They will
ask that the goods now shipped to the
army in the Philippines be forwarded by
some steamship line doing business on the
Pacific Ocean. This means, of course, di
verting the business from the transport
service. .' : • - ', '¦ !,'¦'¦
The matter has been under discussion
some time, and an exclusive account or
what was intended was published some
time ago in The Call. Since then the scan
dal • concerning the army supplies in the
Philippines has been made public and this
has furnished an additional argument for
the delegation now speeding to-Washing
ton to use In showing that the merchants
of the Pacific Coast- are compelled to meet
unjust discrimination, as army goods are
sent in excess to the Philippines and then
diverted to private parties and merchants
for profit. : ' ' - if '¦' ¦>
¦ The fact that the carrying of army sup
plies in private vessels to Manila has been
sanctioned on the Atlantic Ocean by the
Government and an advantage has there
by been, given to the. Atlantic Coast.cen
ters of trade will also be used. A commit
tee, of which T. J. Parsons of the San
•Francisco Board of Trade is the. chair
man, has interviewed the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company and the Oriental and
Occidental line and has been- Informed
that there is not enough mercantile busi
ness alone between San Francisco and I
Manila to warrant the putting on of a !
direct line on that sole account. Several
meetings of the committee have since tak
en place and it was enlarged by inviting
representatives of the other mercantile
bodies of thejeity to take part by repre
sentatives. -• '
Committee Seeking Aid for
Direct Manila Line Is
on the Way.
MERCHANTS START
FOR WASHINGTON
Customs Collector Stratton was advised
yesterday by the Secretary of the Treas
ury that Chinese who are denied a landing
must be taken to the port whence they
came. This Is a reversal of a ruling
made sixty days ago by the department,
in which it was held that a Chinese person
being denied a landing at the port of San
Francisco might be taken to Mexico or
any other foreign port selected by tue
Chinese. , . , J- ¦ . .
The recent ruling was probably brought
about by the experience of Federal of
ficials in San Diego three weeks^ ago.
Fifty-two Chinese were landed at that
port and James K. Dunn. Chief of the Chi
nese Bureau, went to San Diego with a
staff of stenographers and interpreters to
hear the applications to land. The result
of the inquiry was that two were landed
and fifty denied. These fifty, under- the
departmental ruling, were allowed to be
taken to Ensenada, Lower California,
from which place, it was subsequently
learned, they had made their way across
the Mexican border into California.
EXCI/UDED CHINESE
MUST GO TO. CHINA
Reversed Ruling of the Treasury
Deals More Strictly With, Unde
sirable Coolie Immigrants.
The arrest of Julia Gonzalerkl and
Francisco Gordelll in Los Angeles has
j?lven considerable satisfaction to the
Police' Department here. Th*>. woman
and the man have been apparently work
ing together to plunder houses where the
woman was employed. Mrs. Catherine
Espinoza". 2400 Harrison street, engaged
the woman on March a as a domestic,
and on March 21 while the family wad
temporarily absent, she absconded with
510<W worth of jewelry. 'The police wcrd
notified, but nothing was heard of tin
woman ar.d her aceomolice till Captain
Seymour was notified Sunday night thai
they had been arrested in Los Angel ,-s
for stealing from Moritz Meybcrg, Jn.
whose house she hau been employed.
Mrs. Espinoza swore to a complaint in
Judge Conlan's court yesterday charging
the pair with grand larceny, and they
will be brought here for trial if the
charge in Los Angeies fails.
Domestic Is Daring 1 Thief.
:""As a result of • the complaint made to
General Shafter by the creditors of a
clothing firm doing business in the neigh
borhood of. the Presidio, General Shafter
has directed Colonel Rawles, command
ant of the Presidio, to do all in his power
to protect the men who enter the camps
of the volunteers about to be discharged
for the purpose; of collecting money due
The Thirty-fourth is to be discharged
to-morrow and rumor has it that the men
have completed arrangements- for a
"blanket-tossing party. An immense tar
paulin is secreted about the camp, as sev
eral railroad men and drummers for
downtown business houses know. They
have been , used as "dummies" several
times during the last week. and can give
ample testimony that the men of- the
Thirty-fourth are a husky lot.
To : -orevent a recurrence . of the scenes
which occurred during the mustering out
of the Thirtieth Infantry, a strong guard
will be posted and everything in the power
of Colonel Rawles will be exercised to pre
vent 1 mistreatment of merchants or col
lectors who get within the camp limits.
•The Twenty-eighth and Thirty-fifth In
fantry regiments are encamped in Lower
Model camp-on the reservation. They
were landed at the Presidio wharf yester
day afternoon and escorted to their quar
ters by a battalion of the Eighteenth In
fantry, a troop of cavalry and the band of
the Third. Artillery Corps.
¦ The horses of the Ninth Cavalry seem to
be fated to bring the dreaded glanders to
the Presidio. Last year, when more than
150 horses were killed at the Presidio, the
disease was brought by Ninth Cavalry
horses. ' Yesterday -it was fpund neces
sary to delay the departure of the horses
belonging to four troops of cavalry that
sailed on the Logan owing to the presence
of glanders among them. The horses of
the Sixth Cavalry, that returned • on - the
Arab, were -sent instead. <
Blanket-Tossing of Collectors in Vol
¦ unteer. Camps Will Bd Prevented _
. . in Future.
MERCHANTS 10 RECEIVE
' r '. * 'PROTECTION AT PBESIBIO
ENGINEER HERLIHY
LOSES ON APPEAL
Judge Morrow Decides That He Must
Take His Case Before Captain
Bermingham.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow de
cided yesterday that his court had no
power to interfere with the judgment of
Captains O. F. Bolles and J. K. Bulger.
United States Inspectors of Local and
Foreign Steam Vessels, in revoking the
license of P. H. Herlihy, formerly chief
engineer of the Rio de Janeiro.
During the investigation by the inspec
tors into the matter of the wreck of the
Rio de Janeiro. Engineer Herlihy's own
testimony proved to the satisfaction of the
inspectors that he had been guilty of
neglect of duty and they revoked his li
cense. From the decision of the inspec
tors an appeal may be tatcen to Supervis
ing Inspector Captain John Bermingham,
but Herlihy. instead of taking that course,
hired a lawyer and appealed to the United
States Circuit Court. First Assistant
United States District Attorney Banning
appeared for the inspectors and interposed
a demurrer on the ground that Herlihy
had an adequate remedy at law by taking
an appeal to the Supervising Inspector.
Herlihy, in his appeal, alleged that Su
pervising Inspector Bermingham was
prejudiced against him, because Captain
Bermingham had signed and approved the
Judgment of the inspectors. The matter
•was argued before the court by Mr. Ban
ning and Harry W. Hutton and at the
close of the argument Judge Morrow sus
tained the demurrer and dismissed the ap
peal.
SOCIETY has -set the seal of Us
approval on the Industrial Arts
Exhibition of the California
'Club, and yesterday the art gal
lery of Mechanics' PavlUon was
crowded from morning till night,*
Repeated visits to the exhibition servo
to show the Vast amount of work accom
plished by the ladies of the California
Club in gathering one of the most notable
collections of art productions ever seen
in the State. In exhibiting the "homo
productions," the ladies of the club are
widely heralding the fsjne of the State,
as many Eastern visitors can be found in
the gallery each day, who will assuredly
spread reports of what California can do
in the matter of industrial and applied
arts.
Yesterday was "Fine Arts" day, and tho
committee in charge, under the direction
of Mrs. George Law Smith, furnished
a delightful mus!cal*programme for after
noon and evening. Several valuable paint
ings were added to the collection, an!
many sales were- made of exhibits dur
ing the day.
A feature of the programme presented
yesterday was the appearance of Miss
Isella Van Pelt, the noted church con
tralto, who captivatad her hearers by the
' purity and strength of her voice. Miss
Violet Johnson, a remarkable child vio
linist, created a furor by her skillful ex
ecution, and was overwhelmed with con
gratulations. . .
The programmes presented were as fol
lows:
AFTERNOON.
Vionlin solo Selected
Miss Violet Johnson.
Song. "The Song of the Arab" Sternberg
George R. King. •
Song, "The Bird and the Rose"
Miss Edna Smart. ...
, Song, "Is This a Dream"
Miss Isella Van Pelt. . .
Violin solo, . "Ave Maria" Bach-Gounod
Miss Violet Johnson. . : .
Song, "The Girls of Seville" Denza
Miss Stella R. Schwabacher.
Duet. "Calm as the Night" .Goetze
Miss Isella Van Pelt. Herbert Williams. '
EVENING. .
Piano solo • • Selected
Cecil Cowles (Child Pianist).
Soprano solo, aria from "Freischutz" . . . Weber
Miss Frledlander.
Duet, violins and piano accompaniment.... . ¦
, Selected
. Miss Llpscher, Miss Edith Moore, Miss
• Ruby Moore.
Song, "Pensee d'Automne" Massenet'
¦ Mrs. J. E. Birmingham.
Song, "The Armorer's Song'.' (Robin Hood)
• De Koven
' W. R. Knfeiss.
Duet. "Quis est Homo" (Stabat Mater)....
•¦......;:.. Rossini
Miss Millie Flynn and Mrs. J. E. Bir
mingham.
The executive officers of the Calif orn : a
Club last evening announced. the winner?
of prizes in. the "poster competition."
The first prize of. S25 offered by tlte cluh
for an appropriate design for the organi
zation was awarded to Miss Florence
Lundborg. . ,
The second, and special prize of $5 for
the second best. design was won by Mi-s
BerniceScoville. Miss G. Foster's poster
was awarded a red ribbon ;G. F. P. Piaz
zoni secured a white ribbon, and J. C.
Terry was given honorable mention.
. . Miss Grace Ewlng.
Songs — • • . '
(a) "Parting" Rogers
(b) "Dear Love, When In Thine Arms"
1. ....... Chadwick
. Miss Millie Flynn.
Songs — ' . - • .
fa) "A-Summer. Evening" .Grieg
(b) "Two Brown Eyes" Grieg
(c) "Der Gaertner" .....'....Kahn
Alto eolo—
(a) "The Dew I3 Sparkling" Rubinstein
. (b) "Fruehlinsrs Nacht" Schumann
Miss Feldhelm.
Tenor solo Selected
Mr. Desmond.
Recitation Selected
Hazel Sexton.
Song-, "The Gypsy Girl" ; .Donizetti
Miss Heath.
Barytone solo —
(a) "La Fiancee"...' Rene
(b) "Les Departs" .....Fred Binet
Mr. Weyl.
Alto solo, "Love Is Forever"........... Brahms
Mr«. Cecilia Decker Cox.
Duet from "Mignon" ..i. .Thomas
Miss Heath, Mr. Weyl, accompanist $
I Miss Inez Strauch.
To-day will be "President's Day," and
an unusually large attendance Is expect
ed. The exhibition wili be in charge of
Mrs. Lovell White, president of the Cali
fornia Club, and Mrs. A. D. Sharon, vice
president. A feature of the day will be
the exhibition of the American flag ;that
is to be presented bv the ladies of the
club to President McKinley when he vis
its this city next month. The flag is
made of California silk, and was manu
factured in this city; the pole is of pol
ished redwood, and the mountings are of
California gold.
The programme for to-day will be as
follows:
AFTERNOON.
Tenor soloe, songs selected....
. S. Stenhouse.
Piano solo, selection "Alda"
• Miss A. Joseph.
Aria, "Adieu to the Forest"
Mrs. Martin Schultz.
Violin selection I
Little Ilene McCabe.
Soprano soloist, selected songs
Miss Millie Flynn.
EVENING.
Under the direction of Dr. H. J. Stewart.
Pianoforte solo. "Pollchinelle"... Rachmaninoff
Miss Jessie B. Lyon.
Song, "Thou Art Mine All" Bradsky
F. G. Elliott.
Aria, "II est Doux" CHerodiade).. Massenet
Miss Mae Rose. • t
Song, "Er, der Herrllchste von Allen"
• • Schumann
Miss Margaret M. Fontana.
Song, "Love's Request" Reichart
H. M. Fortescue. ¦ > ¦ ¦
The purpose of the simple plan of greet
ing the distinguished comrade is to make
the visit agreeable and restful to him
from his point of view. It is well known
that he views the i;rogramme of San
Francisco functions as something that
may impose a. jrreat tax on his time and
strength. Appreciating his desire for rest
and recreation during his outing, his com
rades of the Grand Army have resolved
to make it easv for him.
The Grand Army posts have also de
cided to make it easy for the public, as
the chairman of the citizens' executive
committee has been informed that the
posts of the city will supply all the funds
needed to carry out the plans adopted by
the veterans for the entertainment of the
President.
It is no longer a secret of the order that
every post of San Francisco is gifted with
orators cf rare fluency. As any post, sin
gle handed, can present a formidable col
umn of talkers, one can fancy what the
President will bump up against when he
joins a meeting composed of all the posts
of the G. A. K. in San Francisco.
The President, as a member of the or
der, will be advised of a post meeting in
the city and if he fet-ls inclined to join
his comrades in the simple, ordinary fash
inn of fraternal assembly he will go to
the hall, give the national countersign and
ask for admission, lie will be announced
as Comrade William McKinley, Post 60,
Canton. Ohio, a visitor in the city. No
doubt he will be able to convince the com
mittee appointed to inspect his creden
tials that he is a comrade in good stand
ing who wants to get "on the inside. '
Without undue ceremony, the greeting ac
corded to visiting comrades v:ill be ex
tended to him by the post - commander.
If the jrer.eral talk of the session inclines
him to join in the talking, he will find in
terested listeners.
Some evening during the Presidential so
jcurn in San Francisco a meeting of the
post will take place, perhaps at Native
Sons' Hall. The hull will be equipped to
meet the recuirements of a post meeting.
At the time appointed for the meeting
the pest will be called to order in th>i
usuai form, and even* comrade of the
Grand Army in good standing will be ad
mitted, provided he gives the countersign.
A committee representing the Grand
Army posts of San Francisco has devised
a simr>ie but Interesting method of ex
tending a fraternal greeting to President
McKinley. According to this plan George
M". Mott, department commander, will be
requested to erant official permission for
the creation of a provisional post, consist
ing of Lincoln. Thomas, Garfield. Mcade,
Cass and Liberty posts of £an Francisco.
The provisional post so established will
elect a commander and other officers.
No Parade or Extra Ceremony Pro
vided—President Will Simply !
Give the Countersign and
Go Inside.
Comrade William McKinley
Is Expected to Attend
a Post Meeting.
PLANS ADOPTED
BY GRAND ARMY
of Charles Pratt, 3S years old, single, a
ship carpenter, who died yesterday at the
City and County Hospital after." being
operated on. for a fracture of the skull,
inflicted, acording to a statement made by
Pratt last week, by footpads on the night
of April 6. -..
On, the night In question Pratt was
found at the corner of Third and Natoma
streets by Police Officers Clark and Orr."
He was under the Influence of liquor and
was taken to the Emergency Hospital for
treatment. Drs. McElroy and Boscovitch
found that Pratt had a lacerated scalp
wound, but no signs were present of a
fracture of the skull. The wound was
treated and Pratt was locked up in the
Southern police station. The next day
he was set" at libert".
Pratt lived at 657 Howard street and his
landlady, Mrs. J. E. Langille, noticed that
her lodger was a sick man when he re
turned home on April 7. Pratt informed
her that he had been held up and robbed
by four men on the' previous night and
after being knocked on the head was
robbed of his watch and chain. Pratt
grew worse and last Thursday was unablo
to leave his bed. - On Saturday he became
unconscious and wds removed to the City
and County Hospital. He showed all
symptoms of a fractured skull and yester
day morning was operated upon by Drs.
Morton and Dodsworth.
On the left side of the head, directly be
neath the scalp wound, the doctors dis
covered that there was a fracture of the
inner plate of the skull, tne outer plate
being intact. The skull was trephined
and Pratt was removed to a ward, A few
hours after the operation the patient died
and his body was removed to the Morgue.
Drs. -McElroy and Boscovitch said last
evening that they had taken every pre
caution to discover if Pratt had. a frac
ture of the skull when he was brought to
the Emergency Hospital. They declared
that absolutely no clinical signs of frac
ture were observed and they discharged
the man from the hospital after treating
the laceration. •¦•¦ -. • " , '.
Dr. ' Morton went to Sacramento last
evening aijd Dr. Dodsworth declined to
give any information on the; subject.
"The case is in the hands of the Cor
oner," said Dr. • Dodsworth, "and I don't
propose to give my opinion as to the
cause of Pratt's death. The man did not
die en the operating table as reported;
he died some hours after the operation."
-Dr. rBacigalupi, autopsy surgeon to
Coroner Leland. held an autopsy on tin*
body of Pratt last night. The result of
the examination showed that Pratt died ,
from intercerebral hemorrhage, caused by
a blow on the head, and that the shock
following the operation performed at the
City and County Hospital was a contribu
tory cause.
Dr. Bacigalupi stated that It was impos
sible for him to tell whether Pratt had
sustained injury by a fall .or from a
weapon. The evidenee was destroyed by
the operation at the hospital, when two
large pieces of Pratt's skull were remove!
by trephining. . ,
The positive statement of the doctors
at the hospital that Pratt had a fractu'o
of the inner plate of the skull was proven
errdneous by the. autopsy. Dr. Baciga
lupi was surprised to find that Pratt's
skull had been trephined on the right and \
left sides,' the pieces of skull removed be
inf as large as half a dollar.
"Just why the skull was trephined on
both . sides,'! said tne autopsy surgeon,
"I -am at ¦ a loss to* understand. The
symptoms of pressure on the brain, fol
lowing an injury to the skull, are such
that it is possible to determine exactjy
the seat of trouble." Coroner Leland wul
hold ' an inquest and the doctors of the
City Hospital, who operated on Prat*,
will be called upon to testify.
City and County Hospital Doctors
Must Explain to Coroxrsr Bea
sons for Performing Un
usual Operations.
v 1 ' ' ' ' ¦ '• ¦ - " >' ' ¦ - _ .. :
The police are investigating the death
Charles Pratt Supposed to
Be Victim of Brutal
Fooipads.
DEATH FOLLOWS
ALLEGED ASSAULT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 16, 1901. s
Choice Programme Will Be Given To-Day and Ladies of
the California Club Will Display Superb Home-Made
Flag to Be Presented to the Nation's Chief Executive.
WILL OBSERVE PRESIDENT'S DAY
AT INDUSTRIAL ART EXHIBITION
12
Market and Tenth Sts., San FrancTsco.
;.• To add to the interest'the. new company will 'include /in the
reductions ten carloads of. new vehicles now unloading and en :
route. '
We are receiving new things in Spring Lap Robes; Dusters ;j
and Blankets. \ '7 -"-'-''
The', entire stock of vehicles formerly belonging, to Stude-
baker Bros. Mfg. Co. is now owned by the new company.
We have taken'them over at .reductions in price that are in-
teresting. " . '
The special discount of from 15 to 33 1-3 and 40 per cent
will continue. >- : ./":-
Studebaker Bros. Co* of California.
: 1 901 will be. the banner year with the
OIL industry of California. Take ad-
vantage of ' the opportunity, for , bisj
MONEY will be made. - '¦:
JAS. R. J. MERSHOy,
Dealer in "Legitimate Stocks Only,
537, 538, 539,550 PARROTT BDG.;§.F.
CORNER OF GEARY. S. r :F.
Owing. to Mihran'8 departure his celebrated
collection of most beautiful antique Persian
Rugs selling: at great sacrifice. Great Money-
raising Sale.
AUCTION
TO-DAY,
TUESDAY,
AND FEW DATS MORE OJTL.Y. AT J P. St
149 STOCKTON ST.,
RUGS
PERSIAN
Continuation Sale.
I Sp^claHstcurtt Blood Poison, (ionorrhcaa Gleet.
mW™' S r ln " 1 ,! Vf ; 1:nM '- imrx.tencli u»rt tltei?
allied Disorders. Book on Diw.twa of Man. fr*e.
P. v $£°.r im J^" x ? e £ en< : e - Tprni '' reasonable. Honr%
3to3cla!ly;6:.-»tn3.30«V K^ Rnndajr.vlOtft 12. O.n.-a:N
tationfreeandsacredly confidential. Call or address
••.*- -P. RO8COE MT^VlH/TY. :-3I. D.
ADVEBTISE3OENTS.
AT
Is it not true ? Women suffer, feel the very life crushed
out of them, grow 'old before their time. llach morning
wake up determined to do so much before the day ends,
and yet — ';
. Before the morning is very old the dreadful BACKACHE
t attacks them, the brave spirit sinks back in affright; no
matter how hard they struggle, the "clutch" is upon tnem
and they fall upon the couch crying :
"Why should I suffer so? What can I do ?"
The answer is ready, your cry has been heard, and a
woman is able to restore you to health and happiness. t: ;^ S
Backache is only a symptom of more fatal trouble^ —
heed its warning in time. \ --
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound will
stop your torture and restore your courage. Your pains
come from unnatural menstruation or some derangement
of the womb. Let those who are suffering read Mrs. Mor-
ton's letter and be guided by her experience. !
__j__ ____ _____ ¦"-,•'¦'
AN OPEN LETTER TO WOMEN.
" Dear Mrs. Pixkham : — I have been so delighted i . T\
with Lydia E.RinlLharn's Vegetable Compound J*t2£3&&zi ! •
I thought I would write and thank you. My system $li$fr«l$a i
was entirely run down. I suffered with terrible "back- *^^*^^^ '
ache in the small of my back and could hardly stand %j|L — g- &$? !
upright; was more tired in the morning than on retiring jEr ¥81 i
at night. I had no appetite. Since taking your Com- |_^ 57
pound I have gained fifteen pounds, and am gaining . fe~ "ff
every week. My appetite has improved, have no back- JpCi-^LJSy
ache, and I look better than I ever looked before.
" I shall recommend it to all my friends, as it cer-
tainly is a wonderful medicine."— Mrs. E. F. Morton, ll)i
1043 Hopliins St., Cincinnati, O. {|mrs CFMORTonI
When a medicine has been successful in restoring to health
more than a million women, you cannot well say, without
trying it, "I do not believe it will help me." If you are ill,
don't hesitate to get a bottle of [Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound at once, and write Mrs. Pinkham, Lynn, Mass., for
special advice— it is free. ¦ . ;
SG' K J3 «| 3 ff H &K Ca SjnJ CB &2 y a people have from time to tima questioned
Bjps Rj *3 ra fit P M "ELfiai BBf rTlaS# thesrenuiaenessof the testimonial letters
*H k alaBeffi j ..._!..,_..r. wc 2™ constantly publishing, we have
H P I! O 1 «3ej>osited with the National City Bank, of Lynn, Mass., $5,000,
B@^ (su | G H whica will be paid to any person who can show that the above
\*2!f vgfir \*w *3SP testimonial is not genuine, or waspulished before obtaining the
mr ¦vs*' writer's special permission. — Lydia E. Pinkham Hbdicimb Co.
¦ /\(\ \|\ Market; |
I A FULL SET OF TEETH
$4.00
OF
TEN 10*
URGESI2E15<
L.MILLER&SONS.
543 BROADWAY. KY.US,A.