Continued on Ninth Pago.
, -\- - _, -r - : : - :
;. Postoffices Will Close ; Thursday.
'.' Wa¥hIICG'tON. Sept. 16.— AcUng Post
master . General ' Shallenberger to-day^ Is
sued, the following order: .
': '.'Out^'ofjirespect to the memory of our
'late. President all postbftices will be closed
" on : • Thursday, - September ; 19, ' after ' It
o'clock a. m.'- : .' :
he.preslded for four years' and a half. *. I."'
-^ The* whble\co*untfy'.". seeriied v "to ,"¦ have'
drained its" ppjpiulatlop'at the' sides, 'of, the
track o'ver/which' the funeral 'train" passedl
The . thin Hries^tHrough ¦ theVmouritairis" aiid
the> sparsely •settled?' districts "''thlclceried'
at; the little ', hamlsts, r'covered -acres; in 1
towns,; suddenly^ grew ; to"; tji? • proportions
of -cities J and '\ were 'congre- 1
I gated In to 1 vast ."multitudes' in: tha :' larger
.^ '*y\% ' .'.r'ASHINGTON, Sept^. 16.—
¦ ' A t 7/ 'Through a living^ lane-bf
' • \" -/ \ /¦ barene * ded People; stretch
. r »/;-"¦ ing ¦"from: Buffalo,' up* oVer
'-• T^;'i. : »^ ;i the 5 AHeghariles; dawn iinto
r'l t > ;-.v: .v.the.. broads valleys -of. the
Susquehan.na a.nd the,xity. on th'e.bariks^f
the.:'shinlrig the nation's mar
tyred .President to-day .made his last jour-,
ney.to the seat of government, over, which
cities.'^ Work Vwasjs.uspended In field J and
mjne; arid jrcity^The^ sch6ois^€»Brfdi»J
missed.r; 'Eve^w)j§reYappeafed Tthe'trap
'plrigjs : :;and *' tokens r'ot ' j woe. V Millions 1 , of
flags^at -; Jiaff mast ' dotted '^hillsides '; and
valfey's arid formed' a* ; thicket of over
:thV&t'iies!; • And'- froifn every-,banner*
streamed fa .'bit ; r of /crape."- The
u v Contliiued, ; bni Page^Tliree. \
Reoj^etifithe Natib^
; |bf the
; -: -Gasket in Obsei^atioh^ar^rorhlB^
REMAINS OF THE MARTYRED PRESIDENT
BORNE PAST MANY THOUSAND MOURNERS
; MAIL CL^RK WHO POSITIVELY' IDENTIFIES* PHOTOGRAPH OF McKINLEY'S. ASSASS^ AS .MAN \ TO WHOM
¦ :.- % : he delivered letters 'at,- the general . delivery;, window, And Abraham isaak's former
.:V. -RESIDENCE IN THIS CITY, WHICH CONTjClNS A* NET.WORK.bE ''ELECTRiC' WIRES:- 'T • ' - : * " " ' ' i.' V
v Those 'Responsible ' for - the effigy and
notice, wexe'^sopn afterward , Informed they
would not be allowed to have their bon
fire. '.-Fearing this warning from the po
lice might', be followed by the seizure of
the.7efflgy itself the committee removed
it to a hiding \ place to await develop
ments and • opportunity. • :
.^"Hearst, the real assassin of President
McKihWy.^ill be burned to-night. Music
and refreshments."
, All this the police winked at, but this
aftern'oon : -i when ' formal ¦> notice of the
burning . was given out they objected.
This notice* was tacked on the tree from
which, the, effigy was suspended:
to murderers and red Jour
nalists/*^; ;
''Inofle'l^ind of the image was fastened
an ; old-fashioned pistol and under the
arm -was. 1 a bundle of copies of the New
Vock. Journal. . .
'. - ¦;'•¦¦¦¦¦' ¦¦ ¦ :
Wj-the way to school have, thrown stones
a.y-it,:.nien in wagons have struck at it
with- -whips. If there is any one who
J d6es not approve of the efflgy as a means
of .-f expressing public opinion he' has not
declared himself. In addition to the label
"William R. Hearst's name there
Xvasanottter placard on the efflgy which
read: ' . , •¦ ;_
Looked Like Pictures of Assassin.
"He was of fair complexion, about 25
years of age a'nd^ about five feet ten
Inches tall. :.: lie \ had a very small'mus
tache. 'He used to-c.ome very of ten . for
mail, and he . would^ always stand at /the
left-hand side, about three feet from the
window." ; J( ¦'¦.,'.'-_ : , . .., , ; ...
"Did this man Fred Neiman look like
the. picture of Czolgosz. that .was recently
published in The Call T' . was asked; ' 'i t •
\ "Well, yes, .hV.dJdj with the exception
that-Nelman was 'much' ftillerin the
face," was the feply.'i. ¦ ' ." " " ". : " "'
"How do you remember that Fred Nel
raan, was here ..when the President . was
here?" .. . .' ¦}£_; 1 _ ; ; ; , ;'¦ . •
-"I remember that^factowing to my be
ing very busy at. th,e,tlme. Neiman would
come often., and' inquire" for mail -at the
busiest 1 times;--' :¦¦: "V- ¦ . > . ,..---¦- ,>.-•"?.-; •
• "Neiman ia-not a • common name," Reed
"My memory- was- first refreshed about
Nejman;s visits, here for mail upon read
ing the article in; this morning's Call,
which stated that he had been seen at
Pacific Grove. * I immediately remembered
that a young man named ,Neiman called
several times while the President was in
the city. :. I gave, him two letters myself.
.-•¦ .;. . : ¦ . . :l . ¦" {
his hands he immediately notified ,Secret ;
Service Agent : Hazen. This is : a. strong'
link in the circumstantial evidence against'
Czolgosz, and a secret service agent was ;
immediately, detailed:^b'y Hazen,to try to ;
secure evidence of the assassin's brief so
journ in this city.' ', : '; . f '. j
- Reed_ was ¦ seen yesterday and tells a^
straightforward land,' cpnvlncin'g : story
about I Czolgosz's visits • to ¦ the general
postofficel '. - ! : •'•• • ¦ .
v The ' • was allowed to hang at the
corner of i the _two much-traveled ; avehues
for;; nearly, fofty-eighOhours ¦ 'without:!in
terference •by^the' police ;br \ request!' from
Ihem that lt'be removed.|lf. the poiice" had
'been;, looking-for an 'excuse to act'an* the'
matter', before -to-night", they - might 'have
objected' to; the effigy" biv the; conventional
ground it 'caused a fcro wd ' to \ collect.'
for there .had been a big gathering' ; under
the;' wajnut^ tr.ee ' ever ;;sir.ce ,'on? ofi tile
limbs i was- adorned* with a r stuffed', figure
labeled :;'"* ;^ ¦*«;' : 'V, > " " :.". : V.^ t '' '¦'
\ VWiliiam ': R. " Hearst. 'Accomplice of
CZOlgGSZ." ' ; .• : * !'< : - -*' ' - ¦ ¦ : '_ . ;.- ¦' j, ¦ ' f\ { ; j ; »" : > .f
; Some ; of the-- spectators were' from "as
far; away '-as "Manhattan ,oh Tone side 'and
the";, middle j Iking; Island .viUagesCon' the
other, j. At I least 2O,Ob6 persons' have' beeir
to\the - tree. ''".*¦ *~ .' :•*¦'" - ."\ • ' : - - '
1 f Many : ''- have H - hooted ':• the- : efflgy ; "arid
lch^efTd^^f^men^^o^h^g|^a-ld|Bcva
",•...-...» Jamaica avenues/! in* VEa'st ¦
N'ew ,York, on Saturday.^ night, > was cut',
down this- afternoon ' t : as a pYeliminaryvtb;
tying it ' to, a. .stake aijd;. burning $£' : The*,
second . part ';• of • the programme was pro
hibited by the* police of ;ttie v Liberty ave
.nii j' 4 station.' 1 . The burning .- will" taketplaqe
later, ; however, if tHe^ committee^ bf -cit- %
izens _ which- has "• the '' effigy" business .in
charge and which seems; to stand 'fiir '; the
sentiment ,7oT . the 'entire ; Twerity-'sixth
Wai-fl. "'where" the hanging ' occurred | can
accomplish' : It. ;. - " '. "¦¦ ' 'V; : *-;~ -.',- "¦•"-/
Special • Dispatch to- The Call.
' i: v rEW : Y0RK,' ' Sept.'. •* li-The
/ - ' effigy -of - "William R. • Hijarst,
V^^"" . ; >ditor.bf the¦New\To^k > ¦¦Jo"u^
:: ¦ nal.j which- was i ; hanged*, to ; a
L> ¦ -^1 - walnut* tree at -Cleveland and
IT.in bow an undisputed fact that
Czolg-osz, the assassin of President
MeKinley. was In California during
the Presidential visit. Yesterday It
was discovered that Czolgosz -was In
San Francisco and received mail at
the general delivery window : at : the
main postofflce on a number- of occasions.
The discovery of the fact that the assas
sin was here at that time is due .to the
article published yesterday in The Call, it
announcing that Czolgosz under the name
of Fred Neiman had paid visits . to the
postoffice in Pacific Grove while the Presi
dent was at that place.
Clerk W. E. Reed, who delivered the
letters here, is very positive that he can
not have made any mistake. He declares:
that Czolg-osz called repeatedly for mail.
Reed has been a clerk in the general de
livery department for nineteen years.* His
description of Neiman coincides with the
telegraphic accounts of Czolgosz, with the
exception that the- man who got the let
ters from Reed was much stouter than
the murderer of the President is de
scribed to be. That Czolgoez is much
lighter now than when he was In San
Francisco is easily accounted for by. the
fact that the weather, in . the Bast has
been extremely hot and the. 'assassin may,
as has nearly every one in*the East, lost
considerable weight during the hot spell.
When Czolgosz came to California has
not yet been discovered. It is, presumed
that he traveled from town to^ town. fol r
lowing the President and ' coldbloodedly
awaiting a favorable opportunity to as
eaesinate him. s . . • - . : .
.When. Clerk Reed remembered that a
man named Fred Neiman had called • for
aoail and had received two letters ' from
Isaak's Former Residence on Clinton. Avenue;
•Is a Network of Electric "Wires—His" Safe!
Forced Open but No : Papers- Are Found;
Mail Clerks Reed and Beebee Positive They!
Gave the Assassin Letters From: tttej
General Delivery Window atVPostoffioei
EVIDENCE FOUND THAT CZOLGOSZ
TRAILED McKINLEY TO THIS CITY
NEW YORKERS HANG HEARST
IN EFFIGY IN PUBLIC STREET
irivitatidrisvJAre J>;SentV? %fc^Qr/tHe -Burning
;¦ --. --^of ¦'" ¦¦yth^;v';"\Figiijre ; lat;-^t-fie.K!Stake^ but the
; Pq'ice r.Spqil&the Promised Programme
Editor of the :^/^Hrg^--?yeiIbw- Journals Is
- fl^lPl^^^^^^^gai Assassin of
ptj^^I^^^^l^siidei^p^^iarri McKinley
HALF MILLION MOURNING AMERICANS VIEW CASKET CONTAINING
DEAD CHIEF EXCLUSIVE DURING THE JOURNEY TO WASHINGTON
,A V : SAN ;^FRA2^SC6^
VOLUME XC— NO. 109.
.PRICE FIVE .1 CENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.• . . . / ..¦;•.:¦ . . '
VIEW OP ASSASSIN CZOLGOSZ IN JAIL. AT BUFFALO, THE DISTRICT ATTORNEY WHO PROMPTLY CAUSED
HIS INDICTMENT, FOR MURDER, THE ARMY. OFFICER WHO HAS THE MURDERER'S PISTOL AND THE
CHICAGO JUDGE BEFORE WHOM ANARCHISTS WERE RECENTLY ARRAIGNED. ; - ¦
The troops designed to form the escort will
assemble on the north side of Pennsylvania
a\-enue, facing the ExecuUvs Mansion, the
left resting on eastern -entrance to the grounds
and In reverse order, so that when the column
Is • formed to , the left the organizations will
be in the order before designated. The forma
tion will be completed at 9 a. m. on Tues
day, the 17th' lnst. " •* ¦¦¦¦¦¦
The civic procession will form In accordance
Governors of States and Territories and Com
missioners of the District of Columbia.
The Judges of the Courts of Claims, the Judi
ciary of the District of Columbia and
;-¦; Judges ot the United SUites Courts. -
The Assistant Secretaries of State the Treas
ury. War, . the Navy, the Interior and
Agriculture, the Assistant Post
• master General.
The Solicitor General and the Assistant At
torney General.
The Chilean Claims, Civil, industrial. Inter
state Commerce, Isthmian Canal, Joint High
Mexican.' Water Boundary. FJsh and Fisheries'
Special Tariff and Philippine commissions and
other departments and commissions of the Gov
ernment, in the order of their precedence
Official Representatives of the Insular Gov
' , • ernments.
, ' Organized Societies.
National Guard, District of Columbia.
SECTION II.
Civic procession, under command of Chief Mar
shal Henry V. Boynton.
¦ Clergymen in attendance.
Physicians who attended the late President.
Military Order of the Loytil Legion of the
United Statea.
Grand Army of the Republic.
Ouard ot honor, pallbearers and hearse.
Officers of army, navy and marine corps. In
this city, who aj-e on duty with the troops
forming the escort will form, in full dress,
right in front, on either slc'le of the hearse,
the army on the right and the navy and
marine corps on the left, .-xrlll compose the
guard of honor.
Family of the late IPresident.
.-:,. Relatives ot the. late President. A
Ex-President Cleveland.
SECTION III.
The President.
.: . . The Cabinet Ministers.
The % Diplomatic Corps.
The Chief Justice and the Associate Justices of
the Supreme Court of the United States
. The Senators of the United . States.
Members of the United States House of Repre-
¦ I SECTION I.
Funeral escort under command of Major Gen
eral John R. Brooke, U. S. A.
Artillery Band.
Squadron of Cavalry.
Battery of Field Artillery.
- Company A, United Sta1.es Engineer*.
Two Battalions Coast: Artillery.
Hospital Corps.
Marine Band.
Battalion of Marines. - .
Battalion ot .United States Seamen.
ORDER FOR TUESDAY:
The remains of the late President will arrive
In Washington to-night and will be escorted
to the Executive Mansion by a squadron of
United States cavalry. On Tuesday, at 9
o'clock a. m., they will be borne to the Capi
tol, whefe religious services will be held, af
ter which the body of the lat« President will
lie In state in the rotunda for' the remainder
of the day. In the evening the remains will
be borne to the station of the Pennsylvania
Railroad, escorted- by a squadron ot United
States Cavalry, and then conveyed to their
final resting place at Canton, Ohio.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 16.— The follow
ing is the order of arrangements for the
obsequiesat jWashlngton of William Mc-
Kinley, late' President • of the United
States, as revised to meot the wishes of
Mrs. McKinley:
OFFICIAL ORDER •;;,
;; FOR OBSEQUIES
The officer* of the army and navy to com
pose the guard of honor to accompany the
remains n* the late President to the place ot
final Interment at Canton, Ohio, will assemble
at the railroad station at 7:30 p. m. to receive
the body and to accompany it to the car re*
served for the purpose.
JOHN HAT. Secretary of State.
ELIHU ROOT. Secretary of War.
JOHN D. LONG.
Secretary of the Navy.'
HENRY B. McFARLAND.
President ot the Board of Commissioners . of
the District of Columbia.
with the directions to be given by the chief
marshal. ,, ,
The officers of the army and navy selected
to compose the special guard of honor, and
such t other officers of the army and navy
as may be designated, will be at the Capitol
so aa to receive the remains on arrival there.
Religious services will be held In the rotunda
Immediately after the arrival ot the remains.
Thereafter (luring the remainder of the day
the body will lie In state in the rotunda and
will be escorted to the railroad station In the
evening by a squadron of cavalry. While the
cortege moves to the railroad station minute
guns will be fired at the navy yard by the
vessels of war which may be in port and at
Fort Meyer and by a battery of artillery sta
tioned near the Capitol for the purpose. At
the same hour the bells of the several
churches, flrc engine houses and of the school
houses will be tolled. The flrlnir of the min
ute suns and the tolltng of the bella will con
tinue until the departure of the train from tilt
railroad station at about 8 p. m.
"Having permitted that, I could not now
deny my former associations. But all of
that is of the past. I am not now,in»any
sen3e a candidate. • If I fail in my present
duties I cannofc hope for. future - honors.
I will fail if I give thought to anything
but-the demands now made upon me."
important conferences with President
Roosevelt, . the first Saturday, the second
Sunday and the last to-clay on the train
between Buffalo and New Tork.
Common grief as they stood by the bier
of McKinley brought thsj President and
Senator Hanna together. What has
passed between them cannot be told, but
the danger of hostilities, at least in the
immediate future, no longer exists. Sen
ator Hanna will be recognized . as the
leader of the Republican party, and he
will exercise all the rights that have at
tached to the position of chairman of the
Republican National Coinmlttee. Again
President Roosevelt- has indicated hi^.in
tention of following as closely as possible
the policy established and maintained by
President McKinley. He-was forcible and
characteristic in hia anno'jncement, which
.was made, on the train this afternoon.;
-> Meant "Wnat Ke Said.
"I meant what I said when taking the
oath of. office," said the President.
"I would no sooner think of changing
the policy x>t President McKinley than of
changing a rifle which. I knew -to be the
best rifle. If the game shifted I might
raise or lower the sights;, but to change
an old reliable gun— never." ,
The President spent the day, as much
in the background as possible. He saw
a few personal friends, but denied him
self to all othere. He feemed to feel hla
position as ope of keen embarrassment.
He believes himself to be on trial before
the public and fears that he will be preju
diced. , It was while discussing this phase
of; the. situation that he made the declara
tion concerning 190-L • . . ' ¦
"It is usel^sa^&Kdeny/^sald President
Roosevelt, Vthat'-I was a candidate.^ My
ambition was, to ;be, President, but I did
not want the office to corne to me in this
way. . I expected' a contest and would
have enjoyed one. '» U ' '"'¦
' "In- Chicago a short time . ago I was
named by my friends f j>r the Presidency.
In Minnesota the Governor of the State
introduced me In a manner that indicated
my candidacy. Then I went to Vermont
and the Governor of that State also used
my name In connection, with the nomina
tion for the Presidency.
SACRAMENTO. Sept 16.-Th«
Board of Directors of the Cali
fornia State Agricultural Society
adopted resolutions to-day on the
death of President McKinley.
The resolutions place the respon
sibility for the dastardly crime
which deprived the" nation of one of Its
best Presidents' upon the attacks made
upon public men by the yellow press. They
follow: . -
The board of directors of the California State
Agricultural Society have learned with deep
est sorrow of the death of the President of the
United States, William McKinley. In his Ufa
is exemplified the career of a true American,
and the success that can follow the exertions
of . even the humblest child of America. As
a boy, respectful to his parents and obedient
to their teachings: as a soldier., brave and
patriotic; as a citiaen, honest, and enterpris
ing; as Congressman and as. Governor of hia
native State of Ohio, displaying such rare
qualifications for public Service that his ele
vation to the position- of Chief Magistrate of
the nation was but the • natural sequence of
the years of his life. > ¦ ¦
His management of the vast business of our
great country for the past four and a half
years has been so wise as to procure the
plaudits of his political enemies, actuated as
it has been by the purest motives and dominat-'
ed at all times by the central thought that
America and American Interests would be ad
vanced and protected. , .. ¦ ¦¦- •
His private life was a model; a dutiful son.
a lovingf husband and an - upright man. He
proved that a man in this free government
could be a Christian statesman. . .,
His murder' shocks the senses of all the
people of all the world, not merely- by reason
of the cowardly assassination, but -because ot
all men In ! public office in this or any other
land. William McKinley had been the friend
of the poor, the champion of the oppressed,
the one man that even the ' wicked anarchists
should have spared. . j£ ~
"We bow. In the last words TaOhlm whose
memory we -honor, to the ' wtlt?W God, but
our sorrow is great and our country suffers.
His murder was the direct result of
permittlngrtlie advocates "of ; anarchy
"and opposition to .law and' order to
poison the minds and inflame the pas
sions of the people by verbal and
printed attacks upon public men.
"We tender the widow and relatives of the
martyred President our heartfelt sympathy,
but bid them be of good cheer in thq certainty
that though dead in flesh, the spirit of William
McKinley will ever be in the hearts of his
countrymen, ' and that he is receiving now/
from the ruler of the universe the reward \p
heaven for bis good deeds on earth.
GROVE I*. JOHNSON.
PARK HENSHAW.
A. W. BARRETT.
Special Dispatch to The Call.'
Fail to Find Excuse
for teachings That
Incited His Murder
McKinley's Life One
to Win Respect of
Even the "Reds"
State Agricultural
Society Directors
Deplore the Crime
CHARGE PRESIDENT'S
DEATH TO ANARCHISTIC
PORTION OF THE PRESS
CZOLGOSZ INDICTED
FOR FATALLY SHOOTING
THE GHIEF EXECUTIVE
Stubbornly Refuses
!to Answer Ques
tions in Court
Former Judges Are
Appointed to De
fend the Assassin
Crowds Surround
Guilty Wretch, but
Police Protect Him
BUFFALO, . Sept. 16.— Leon F.
Czolgosz, alias Fred Xeiman,
was indicted to-day by the
County Court Grand Jury for
murder in the first degree, for
fatallv shooting President Mc-
Kinley at the Temple of Mu
sic of the Pan-American Exposition at
4:15 o'clock on the afternoon of Septem
ber 6. .
When arraigned before Judge Edward
K. Emery in the county court the prison
er stubbornly refused to answer questions
repeatedly asked of himby District At
torney Penney as to whether he had coun
sel or wanted counsel. The District,At
torney then suggested that, inasmuch as
the defendant refused to answer, counsel
should be assigned.'
Witnesses Who Testify.
Judge Emery assigned Loraine L. Lewis
and Kobert C. Titus, former Supreme
Court Justices, of this city, whose names
had been suggested' by . the Erie County
Bar Association.
Czolgosz probably will be arraigned
again to-morrow morning to plead to the
indictment. . -
District Attorney Penney presented the
evidence in the murder case to the Grand
Jury. . v.
Aside from the §urgeons and physicians
in the case no witnesses were sworn other
than those who were in the ! Temple oT
Music and witnessed the ' sh'ootlng. The.
complete list of witnesses in the order
in wnicn they -appeared to testify follows:
L>r. Herman Mynter, Dr. M. K. Gayior,
Dr. H. CJ. Matzinger, Dr. M. D. Manti,
Secret Service Detective Gallagher, At
torney James L.. Quackenbush, Attorney
Louis L. Babcock, Harry Rlnshaw, Gap
tain Dammer and Patrolman Merkel of
the Exposition CJuards; Corporal L>ouis
ifertschey and Privates Neff, O'Brien,
Fennenbaugh and Brooks of the Seventy
third United States Sea Coast Artillery;
K. C Knapp, llrs. Vandenborgh Davris,
John Branca, a colored porter; Captalu
Yallely. ciiief of the exposition detectives;
Superintendent Bull and Assistant Super
intendent P. V. Cusack of the local police
department; Fred Leigh ter, Charles J.
Ciose. .Exposition Guards Westenfelder
and James, Detectives Geary and Bolo
man of this city.
At 4:15 o'clock this afternoon, just ex
actly ten days after the shooting, the
cirand Jury voted unanimously to indict
Czolgosz for murder in the first degree.
At, 4:41 the indictment was presented to
Judge Kmery in the county court.
Courtroom Is Crowded.
Then ensued a wait of an hour. The
rumor that the murderer ¦was to be ar
raigned spread and in a short time the
courtroom was crowded. Great secrecy
was maintained as to the place of con
linement of the prisoner, but it is believed
that he was locKed up in the temporary
jail at the Erie County penitentiary, where
prisoners have been kept while the jail
has been undergoing repairs. After the
indictment was reported the prisoner was
driven from the penitentiary, a mile from
the City Hall, to the jail across the street
lrom the hall.
Czolgosz was then taken under a strong
guard from the jail through the tunnel
under Delaware avenue to the basement
of the City Hail and up the stairs to the
courtroom on the second floor.
The prisoner was shackled to a detec
tive and another detective held his other
arm. Assistant Superintendent Cusack
marching in front and a number of'patrol
men behind. When the prisoner was tak
en before the bench the crowd from the
courtroom surged about him on all sides.
They were compelled to resume their
teats.
Czolgosz is of medium height, of fairly
good build and has light, curly hair, but
a ten days* growth of beard on his face
pave him an unkempt appearance. Ap
parently he feigned Insanity, not stupid
ity, ana his glance roamed aooui, but his
eyes were always downcast. Not once
did he look the county prosecutor or the
Judg-e In the face.
"Czolgosz, have you got a lawyer? Do
you wish a lawyer? You have been in
dicted for murder In the first degree. Do
you want a lawyer to defend you? Czol
cosz, look at me and answer."
District Attorney Penney fired these
questions at the prisoner, his voice rising
with each succeeding question, but Czol
gosz Btubbornly refused to answer. The
District Attorney respectfully suggested
that counsel be assigned to defend the
prisoner and ascertain what he had better
do as to his plea to the indictment before
arraignment.
Counsel Is Appointed.
Judge Emery then asked the" prisoner
before the bar If he hadcounsel.'but there
was no answer, despite the fact that the
police officers told him the Judge was
i-peaking and that he must answer.
The court then said: .: ¦ , :. •.
"Czolgosz, you having appeared for ar
raignment in the court - without counsel,
the law maJces it the duty of: the court to
assign counsel. The Bar Association of
our county has considered the matter and
suggested the names of certain gentlemen
of high character for such assignment.
The court has seriously considered the
question and after much consideration has
concluded to follow the suggestion made
HELD FOR MURDER IN FIRST DEGREE.
THE -SATS"/.,- FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAYv SEPTEMBER 17, 1901.
Queen Sophia Extends Sympathy.
STOCKHOLM, Sept. 16.— Queen Sophia
has' telegraphed to Mrs. McKinley her
deep sympathy in the great loss she has
sustained. . .
SALT LAKE CITY, Sept. 16.— Governor
Wells has issued a proclamation setting
aside Thursday, September 19, the day of
President McKinley's funeral, as a day of
fasting and prayer.
Day of Fasting and Prayer.
NEW YORKj Sept. 16.— The Central
Railroad of Jersey City issued an order
to-day that every train on its system
6hduld be stopped ten minutes during the
funeral at Canton on Thursday. , ;
Trains Will Stop During Funeral.
.'.'•¦ ' ' ¦¦ ' • ; '¦ ~ — ' ¦ , . -,.¦•¦ .. . # < \ ¦..'¦'.¦•¦-... ¦¦ - .
|V Y 1^ BBTJNSWI CK, IT. J., Sept. 16.— The Rev. Dr. Jacob Cooper, vice president of Rutgers College,
j^J has sent the following letter to the proprietor of the WTew York Journal: ¦ ¦
A ' "Sir: While the worl d stands aghast at the horror recently enacted at Buffalo it looks be
. , yond the weak miscreant who fired the shot at our noble President. It sees in you and those like
you, the leaders, of a reckless press, the forces which make such an Behind the much
abused license of printing you have for years been uttering, both by wcrd and by pictures,- 'that which
youjknew to.be lies of the most damnable blackness, from the vantage ground of your. (coward's) "fort.-
This constant hell broth of. vitupe ration end lies, spewed but all over the land, j has done : . | its r legitimate
work. It has incited weak men, Jike this ignorant and fanatical Polish anarchist, to do, a 'deed in which :
you, the real assassin, gloat in your inniost soul, but from which in' your craven terror you crouch like
a frightened hare. ',' - ° *• .' ' ' ~" ¦¦'..'¦¦ V ¦•¦:.¦¦¦.¦ .'~'-~ ¦ ¦' ¦ '.'¦'.'"'' ~ : ~ ' '-¦' *
"Why don't'you, if what you have been saying for years be true,; repeat it nowP If false,; why,
do you not have the manliness to admit, that all your utterances about; the President and Vice President
were conscious, premeditated liesP «A11 good men and women in this nation denounce you and your like as
the real assassin who fired the shot. _I denounced you from the pulpit recently, and shall do so, supple
menting your own conscience with the' testimony that youjto the full extent of your ability, are the real
assassin of President McKinley. .. > Y ; ' . •
"Carry, with yourself, day and night, everywhere, while you curse the earth with your presence,
the consciousness that every honorable and virtuous man and woman in our land that has had the oppor- ;
tunity to know tne facts, hold you and your like responsible for this awful horror and loathe you, not to
the extent ybur^ conduct deserves, but to the reach of their ability. V JACOB COOPER, Professor."
COPENHAGEN, Sept. 16.— The King
of Greece, the Crown Prince of Denmark
Frederick in behalf of the King of Den
mark and Prince Christian, the«heir pre
sumptive to the throne of Denmark, called
personally on United States Minister
Swenson and expressed sympathy and
condolence with the people of the United
States and Mrs. McKinley on the* death
of the President. .. •
King of Greece Extends Condolence.
COOPER SCORES HEARST
AS THE REAL ASSASSIN
In this' matter President Roosevelt has
defined the sudden change in his prospects
. "I was a candidate for the nomination
for \ the Presidency In 1904. I have been
eliminated. I am not now" In any sense a
candidate." ' . " ¦ .
It can also be definitely announced that
Secretary of War Elihu Root will be made
Secretary of State and the successor to
the Presidency. Lyman J. Gage Is all but
certain to remain at the head . of ,the
Treasury Department. It is not probable
that Attorney General P. -C.^Knox will
leave the' Cabinet. Others will go, - unless
the present plans are changed. , .
has come into power has
taken a firm grasp on the problems of the
party and Government. Already It can
be definitely announced that Secretary of
State John Hay will not remain at the
head of the Cabinet. Within a fortnight
his resignation will be presented and ac
cepted. - ; ¦; ¦ '.. ' •
'/-«VALL BUREAU,' 1408.G
/ 1 STREET, N. W., WASHING
f ' TON, Sept 16.-Whlle the na
¦ tion's capital is bowed in grief
%^ A /.for the President who Is gone,
the vigorous President' who
While President Roosevelt thus elimi
nates himself from the preliminary cam
paign of 1904, however, others take a dif
ferent view. They see that the logic of
events may compel the nomination to go
to him. There has been also rapproche
ment between the President and Senator
Hanna. This was brought about by Gov
ernor" Odell. He has had three long and
Reconciled With Hanna.
to-day. To-day his decision was . an
nounced to a close friend, whom he had
Invited to a conference. He believes that
he has been, eliminated so far as the fu
ture candidacy may go and his adminis
tration will be shaped accordingly.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Root Will Give Up War Portfolio and Succeed Hay as Sec
retary of State and \ Become /Successor to* Presidency.
Roosev.elt Says He Cannot Be a ,in 1904
CHANGES IN THE CABINET ARE
SURE TO FOLLOW THE NEW REGIME
Telegrams from the provinces continue
to furnish worldwide evidence of respect
for the dead President. The Parliament
of New Zealand will adjourn out of re
spect on the day of the funeral.
The Globe ihlnks President Roosevelt
has already, shown -such ability that he
would have succeeded to the Presidency,
in 1905, and Is confident that he will prove
to be a strong and able President.
After alluding to the Alaskan boundary
and Nicaragua canal questions, the paper
asks: "Will his impulsiveness lead. him
to take short cuts that may prove long
and expensive? Time and experience can
alone determine."
"His accession to office is fraught with
great possibilities," says the Westminster
Gazette. "To a great extent a new ele
ment has been brought into the politics of
the world."
By command of King Edward, the union
jack, which floats over the round tower of
Windsor Castle during the absence of the
court, is half masted as a tribute of re
spect to the late President McKinley.
The London Stock Exchange will "be offi
cially closed on Thursday next, the day
of interment of President McKinley at
Canton, OKlo.
Evidences of mourning for President
McKinley are widespread at Cork. The
Lord Mayor of Cork, Sir Daniel Hegarty,
has convened a meeting of the Corpora
tion for September 25, to pass a vote of
sympathy with Mrs. McKinley and the
citizens of the United States.
President Roosevelt's personality 'at
tracts the sympathies of the English.
Many stories are told of his athletic and
sporting tastes, as well as of his achieve
ments as a man of letters, Rough Rider
and public man. ' .. •
"It would be an unique opportunity,"
the Westminster Gazette says, "of show
ing British sympathy with the United
States, owing to the accidental fact that
the King's son is near at -hand, and it
would, we are sure, be appreciated by the
American people."
The newspapers here continue to express
the hope that the Duke. of Cornwall and
York will be able to attend the funeral of
President McKinley, but it seems now ex
tremely doubtful if it can be arranged,
especially since the ceremonies' at the
Capitol have been fixed for Tuesday. Gov
ernment circles seem to think that direct,
immediate action on the part of King Ed
ward is the only way to bring about the
attendance of the Duke at Washington.
Many well-known persons called at the
United States embassy to-day and entered
their' names in the visitors' book, while
others telegraphed condolences.
LONDON. Sept. 16.— The United States
embassy, though not yet officially inform
ed of the fact, learns that a memorial
service in honor of the late President Mc-
Kinley will be held in Westminster Abbey
Thursday afternoon, at which seats , will
be reserved for members of the Govern
ment and diplomatic corps. A memorial
service also will be held simultaneously
at St. Paul's Cathedral, the Lord Mayor
and the Sheriffs of the city of London at
tending in state.
Englishmen Everywhere Show
Their Love for the Late
.President " /
ALL BRITONS PAY
TRIBUTE TO DEAD
Czoljrosz was handcuffed to the deteo
tives, who started out of the courtroom
with him. The crowds surged after them,
but found the exit barred by policemen.
Outside the courtroom door the prisoner
was surrounded by policemen and burned
downstairs Into the basement, whence ha
was taken through the tunnel to the jail
across Delaware avenue. "Whether he was
left there for the night or taken elsewhere
the police refused to say. t
District Attorney Penney said that Lew
is and Titus .would be notified and given
an opportunity, to talk with the prisoner
and that he hoped to arraign Czolgosz to- 1
morrow. .
t 1 ' — ; : — : —
by the association. The court therefore
assigns Loralne L. Lewis and Robert C.
Titus as your counsel." • .'
Judge Emery directed the officers to no
tify the attorneys and remove the pris
oner.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Noted Physician. Will Prove This
* to Sufferers in San Prancisco : ¦
Thursday.
The astonishing statement that Asth-
ma can be cured, coming from so well
known authority as Dr. Rudolph
Schiffmann, will be of interest to asth-o
ma sufferers. The experience of most^
asthmatics has been that little if .any re-
lief has been afforded them by "the
methods heretofore employed, and, in
fact, the disease has up to now been re-
garded as incurable. This noted physi-
cian has, however, after a life-Ions:
study of Asthma and kindred diseases,
discovered a remedy which not only in-
stantly lelieves the severest cases of
Asthma, Hay Fever and Bronchitis,
but has actually cured thousands whose
cases had been pronounced . incurable. '
So complete is. Dr. "Schiff mann's con-
fidence in his remedy that he requests
this paper to announce that all day next
Thursday, September 19. he offers a
liberal sample box of "Schiff mannV
Asthma Cure" free of charge to all per-
sons applying at William J. Bryan's
Drug Store, '3 New Montgomery sL .
Dr. Schiffmann believes that an ac-
tual test will be the most convincing 1 ,
and in fact the only way to overcome
the natural prejudice of thousands of
Asthmatics who have heretofore sought
relief in vain. Persons living out . of
town will receive a package free by.
writing direct to D-. R. Schiffmann.
370 Jack'son street, St. Paul. Minn., be-'
fore September 21, and enclosing a' 2c
stamp. ¦ '
ASTHMA CAN BE CURED.
Malt Breakfast Food
In Yonr Home.
Yon Miss a Treat at Breakfast
If You Are Without .
The tens of thousands now using Malt
Breakfast Food would not give up its use
even if compelled to pay twice its pres-
ent price. If you have not yet made trial
of this delicious health food, you j are
missing a genuine treat each day. If you
value body and brain vigor -try what Malt
Breakfast Food will do for you. Once
tried, It becomes" a permanent friend. At
all grocers.
DR. SCHIFFMANN'S REMEDIES.Continued from Page One.
REMAINS OF MARTYRED PRESIDENT
the household had retired to rest and the
only lights to, be seen were those In the
room where his comrades kept watch over
the dead chief. .
Yesterday the President gathered to
gether some personal friends in Buffalo
and those members of the Cabinet who
were here and gave to them such ideas as
he has already formulated for the conduct
of public affairs and his own policy. In
no sense are they divergent from >. what
has been understood as Mr. McKinley's
policy. This policy, as outlined to his
friends at yesterday's conference, will be
for a more liberal and extensive recipro
city in the purchase and sale of com
modities, so that the overproduction of
this country can be satisfactorily disposed
by fair and equitable arrangements with
foreign countries.
The abolition entirely of commercial war
with other countries and the adoption of
reciprocity treaties.
from Sixth street to the Executive Man
sion, were tens of thousands of people.
They came to pay their tribute of re
spect and love to the memory of their
President. With bared heads and with "no
murmur of sound the • people watched
with tear-stained eyes the last home-com
ing of President McKinley. There was no
music. Amid the hush of the great
crowds only the. clamor and clatter of
the horses' hoofs, ringing sharply on the
pavement, was heard.
A platoon of mounted police led the
way. Next came a delegation of G. A. It.*
men from the department of the Potomac, i
members of the Union Veterans' Union j
office he stated with much defl
nlteness: "It shall be my aim to continue
absolutely unbroken the policy of Presi
dent McKinley for the peace (and he em
phasized that word), prosperity and honor
of the country."
BUFFALO, Sept. 16.— President
Roosevelt has outlined, In some
detail, the policy he will follow
during his incumbency of of
fice. It will be remembered
that when he took the oath of
and the Spanish War Veterans, and
troops I and L of the Eleventh Cavalry
from Fort Meyer. Va. Following the cav
alrymen was the hearse, flanked on
either side by the bodybearers, with a
detachment of Signal Corps men bringing
up the rear. The carriages containing the
distinguished officials" were next in line
that of President Roosevelt being im
mediately behind the" Signal Corps. Scat
tered along at different parts of the pro
cession were groups of army and navy
offlcers~who had Informally received the
body at the railroad station. It was about
half past 9 when the head of ' the pro
cession reached the White House grounds
construction of a cable, owned by
the Government, connecting our mainland
with our foreign possessions, notably Ha
waii and the Philippines.
The use of conciliatory methods of arbi
tration In all disputes with foreign na
tions so as to avoid armed strife
The protection of the savings of the peo
ple In banks and in other forms of invest
ments by the preservation of the commer
cial prosperity of the country and the
placing in positions of trust of. men of
only the highest integrity. . •
The building and completion as soon as
possible of the isthmus canal so as to give
direct water -communication with the
coa , st s or: Central, America, South America
and Mexico. / ~ '•
The abolition of such tariffs on^forelgn
goods as are no longer needed for reve
nue, if euch abolition can be had without
harm to our industries and labor
Direct commercial lines should be estab
lishedbetween the Eastern coast of the
United States and the ports m South
America and the Pacific coast ports of
Mexico, Central America and South
America.
The encouraging of the merchant ma
rine and the building of ships which shall
carry the American flag and be owned
and controlled by Americans and Ameri
can capital.
Intends to Advocate Reciprocity Treaties,
Completion of the Isthmian Canal and
the Construction of Needed Cable Lines
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT WILL
UPHOLD STRONG PEACE POLICY
When the sad cortege arrived at the.
White House the hearse stopped under
the porte cochere. The body bearers took
the coffin upon their broad shoulders and
pasSTn? up the three or four steps, waited
until President Roosevelt and tho mem
bers of the Cabinet had alighted from
their carriages and then followed them
through the wide doors Into the east
room. Just in the center of the room,
under the great chandelier, they deposited
their precious burden on a. black draped
base and stood at salute while the -new
Chief Executive and the Cabinet mem
bers with bowed heads passed by. Fol
lowing them came the chiefs of the army
and navy now in the city, the guard of
honor, consisting of officers of the Loyal
Legion, members of the Union Veterans'
Union and the Grand Army of the Re
public. . . ¦ , ¦¦¦ • ~-v
President j Roosevelt, accompanied by
the members of the Cabinet, left the
house almotet immediately and were
driven to their homes. The casket had
been placed lengthwise of the east room,
the head to the north.'. Piled about it
were a half hundred floral emblems, ex
ceptionally beautiful, and * as many more
were placed in the; Inside corridor until
to-morrow. Two marines,' a soldier and
sailor, stood guard, one at each corner of
the casket, while seated on either side
were two members of the Grand Army
and ' two members | of | the Loyal Legion.
They will be relieved, at intervals of two
hours during the night. Before midnight
and turned into the driveway. <¦
The carriage containing Mrs. McKinley.
Drs. Rixey and Abner McKinley had pre
ceded the funeral cortege to the White
House by some little time. Dr. Rixey was
the first to alight and then Abner Mc-
Kinley. They tenderly assisted Mrs. Mc-
Kinley to the stairs. With her right arm
resting heavily and wearily upon the
shoulder of her dead husband's brother
and supported on the other side by Dr
Rixey, she walked slowly along into the
house. She was closely veiled, but her
feeble steps told the story of her great
suffering. She was assisted at once to the
elevator and to her old room, and soon
retired. . Dr. Rixey and Mr. Cortelyou
later said that she had stood the journey
very well; indeed, they had confidently
expected that she could complete the jour
ney to her old home without difficulty
Among those who know her best and
were with her at Buffalo It Is doubted
whether she yet fully realizes the calam
ity that has befallen her, and it is with
some apprehension that they look forward
to the first days alone in Canton. "The
Major," as she-always lovingly called her
husband, is still with her, but when she
finds herself really alone the awakening
may try her strength even beyond the
point yet reached. The result; cannot bo
foretold. * -^
Lies in Executive Mansion.
The military were already In line. As
the procession swept from the Sixth
street station Into Pennsylvania avenue a
deeply impressive sight was presented.
The historic thoroughfare was hung in
black. Emblems of the nation's mourning
were displayed on ey,ery building. The
•stars and stripes, furled and knotted with
crape, floated from hundreds of windows.
v Over all gleamed scores of electric lights,
* defining sharply each detail of the solemn
ecene.
Banked on both sides Of the avenue,
Escorted to the White House.
hearse.
Bugle Sounds "Taps."
Ae the casket emerged a bugle note rose
clearly and taps rang out. That was the
only sound that broke the dead silence.
Just before the entrance to the station
President Roosevelt, with the members of
the Cabinet, had paused and had taken
station so as to leave a broad space for
the funeral cortege. They ranged them
selves on the sidewalk In double rows op
posite each other and stood with bared
heads aa the corpse was carried to the
hearse. The hearse was an exquisitely
carved affair and was drawn by six coal
black horses, each of which was led by a
colored jrroom in black livery.
Just as the body was being placed in
the hearse an Incident occurred that
caused a murmur of disapprobation. A
photographer from a near by window sud
denly flashed a light for the purpose of
obtaining a reproduction of the scene.
The flashlight and accompanying noise
made people shudder. •
President Roosevelt seemed to be mo
mentarily disconcerted. The hearse bear
ing the third martyred President quickly
moved away and was followed at once by
President Roosevelt and those accompany
ing him. In the President's carriage be
sides Mr. Roosevelt were Secretaries Hay
and Gace and Captain Cowles. Secreta
ries Root and Hitchcock, Attorney Gen
eral Knox and Postmaster General Smith
followed in another carriage, while. Secre
tary Wilson, Secretary Cortelyou, Secre
tary Long and Senators Hanna and Fair
banks drove behind In other carriages.
The citizens' committee from Buffalo, offi
cers of the army and navy and friends
followed.
Fort McHenry, Maryland, were on the
right and four sailors on the left.
Straightening: themselves under their bur
den, they walked elowly toward the
hearse. Before the casket marched four
officers— Major Parker, Colonel Bingham,
Captain Gllmore and Major McCaugley—
and in that order, while the officers on
either side and In the entrance stood with
uncovered beads, the remains were car
ried to Sixth street and placed In. the
BUFFALO, Sept. 16.— President Roose
velt did not rise until '7 . o'clock. He
dressed quickly and at 7:30 was ready for
breakfast."- He breakfasted with the fam
ily of his host, Ansley Wilcox. Just after
8 o'clock had struck, together with Mr.
Wilcox and his secretary. William Loeb
Jr., he got into a carriage and drove to
the train. A few mounted police followed
the carriage and three or four detectives
Early Stir at Buffalo.
"Every precaution must be taken by all
employes to make this movement abso
lutely certain."
• General ¦ s Boyd, • assistant passenger
agent, had personal charge of the train.
The train left Buffalo at 8:30 o'clock this
morning and arrived . at - Washington at
8:33 o'clock to-night. In twelve hours it
is estimated that over half a million peo
ple saw the coffin which held all that was
mortal of President McKinley.
There was no spot of color to catch the
eye on this train of death. The locomo
tive was shrouded in black, the curtains
of the cars in which sat the lonely, strick
en widow, the relatives of the President,
Cabinet and others were drawn. The
whole black train was like a shuttered
house, save only for that hindmost car,
where the body lay guarded by a soldier
of the army and a sailor of the navy. ,
- Mrs. McKinley stood the trip bravely.
In the morning soon after leaving Buffalo
she pleaded so earnestly to be allowed to
go into the car. where her dear one lay
that reluctant consent was given and' she
spent half an hour beside the coffin. All
the way the train was preceded about fif
teen minutes by a pilot engine, sent ahead
to test -the bridges and switches to pre
vent the possibility of an accident to the
precious burden it carried. The train had
the right of way over everything. Not a
wheel moved on the : Pennsylvania Rail
road system thirty minutes before the
pilot engine was due or for the same time
after the . train had passed. General Su
perintendent ' J. B. " Hutchinson had sent
out explicit instructions covering -every
detail.- The order concluded:
No Spot of Color.
were heavy with the black symbol of
mourning. At all the larger towns and
cities after the train got Into Pennsylva
nia militiamen drawn up at "present
arms'; kept back the anxious crowds.
\ "/Silence Is Oppressive.
- The silence with which the countless
thousands viewed the remains of their
hero and martyr was oppressive and pro
found. Only the rumbling of the train's
wheels, the sobs from men and women
with tear-stained faces and the doleful
tolling of the church bells broke upon the
ear. At several places, Williamsport, Har
risburg and Baltimore, the chimes played
Cardinal Newman's grand hymn. Taken
altogether, the' journey home was the
most remarkable demonstration of univer
sal personal sorrow since Lincoln was
borne to his grave. Every one of those
who came to pay the last tribute to the
dead had an opportunity to catch a
glimpse of the' flag-covered bier elevated
in view in the observation car at the rear
of the train. ' •- '
The line had begun its march at 7:30.
Half an hour later, with measured step
and to the strains or the constantly play
ing band, the line turned into Exchange
street, where the railroad station 13 lo
lated. As the cortege passed Ellicott
street It was met by the carriage bearing
the President of the United States, Theo
dore Roosevelt. By the President's order
his carriage was stopped, and with bared
On the Solemn March.
From the City Hall.
Exactly at the appointed hour, 7:43, the
escort was in perfect readiness. In clar
ion tones Major Mann, commanding the
escort, delivered the order "Present
arms." Noiselessly the arms leaped to
position; the commanding officer turned
about, and. facing the house of the dead,
brought his sword to "present."
A minute of awe-inspiring silence and
then, emerging from the doors 'of the City
Hall, there moved eight body-bearers,
•four soldiers and four sailors. On their
shoulders rested the casket Inclosing the
body 'of the country's beloved one.
Away down the line of soldiery from the
Sixty-fifth Regiment band came the
strains of "Nearer, My God, to Thoe."
Behind long ropes the throng uncovered
and, with bowed heads, . waited and
watched in silence. Tenderly the precious
burden was borne slowly down the stone
steps, along the curved approach to the
hearse. The flag-draped casket, was
lifted gently into the hearse and the doors
closed. Through the windows of the
hearse , naught but a mass of flags, sur
mounted by a single sheaf of wheat,
could be seen. In - front came troops
wheeling Into line and' moving down
Franklin street. Once more the strains
of music, this time Chopin's funeral
march, accompanied by the tolling of the
church bells. Behind the troops came the
carriages of the members of the Cabinet.
Then came the hearse and following were
comrades of the Grand Army wit.:i a
company of local militia bringing up the
rear. The cortege passed into Church
street, winding past . St. Paul's Church
into Main street. Down Main street the
procession moved between masses of p?o
ple, all uncovered. The high winds -.from
off Lake Erie snapped and whipped the
bunting and crape . with which every
building was draped. Above the buildings
American flags awl black streamers hung
at half mast. .
and secret service men were near by. Oth
erwise there was nothing to distinguish
the President from any ordinary citizen.
The slow and stately progress of the
President's body from the City Hall to the
railroad station afforded the people at
Buffalo a last opportunity to do honor to
the memory of the lamented executive.
Statue-like, the guard of honor at the
catafalque maintained its position
throughout the long hours . of the nigiit.
There was a sergeant of artillery at the
head of the bier, a marine at the foot. At
one side was a sergeant of infantry, on
the other a marine. It was a few minutes
after 5 o'clock when there came signs of
life from within the corridor, where the
body of William McKinley reposed. The
doors were flung open, the gates swung
ajar. At 7:07 forty sailors from the steam
ship Michigan swung up Franklin street,
the first detachment of the cortege's es
cort. The bluejackets wheeled into line
directly opposite the entrance of the City
Hall. Four minutes later the four-horse
hearse drew up and a company of marines
filed Into position. Five of the Cabinet
officers arrived In Jiwo carriages. The
first carried Secretary Long and Postmas
ter General Smith. The other held Attor
ney General Knox. Secretary Wilson and
Secretary Hitchcock. United States Sen
ator Joseph Hawley of Connecticut was
next to arrive. . . . ' .
ered at the side, arid
slowly and carefully the casket was slip
ped out through the opening: and tenderly
received upon the bent shoulders of th«
body bearers. Four artillerymen from
WASHINGTON. Sept. 16.—
While the casket was
being removed from the
| observation car of the
funeral train one of tha
large windows was low-
FOR A MEMORIAL ARCH.
CASKET TENDERLY CONVEYED
THROUGH STREETS OF CAPITAL
TO THE EXECUTIVE MANSION
BELOVED DEAD AT THE WHITE HOUSE
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1901.
President Roosevelt
Completes the Sad
Mourning Journey
Body ¦ of the Late
Chief Executive Lies
in Former Home
y*^ HICAGO, Sept. 16,-Con
/f pressman Henry S. ' Bou
\^' this afternoon at a
-^ meeting In the Union
League Club spoke on the -
advisability of asking President
Roosevelt to issue a proclamation
calling upon the people, who are
now expressing deep sorrow for
the -loss of the nation's great ex
ecutive, to contribute to a national
monument to the martyred Mc-
Kinley. The call brought out In
stant approval from every citizen
who heard the appeal.
Further discussion developed the
Idea that the memorial should
take the form of an arch In Wash
ington City. In order that the
movement might be a national one
President Volney "W. Foster was \
authorized to appoint a commit
tee representing the people out
„ side of Chicago to assist In the
work of raising funds for the
arch. Among those suggested for
places on the committee are Ly
man J. Gage, William J. Bryan
and ex-President Grover Cleve
land. * .
ESCORT OF REGULAR CAVALRY THAT ACCOMPANIED THE LATE
PRESIDENT'S REMAINS FROM THE FUNERAL TRAIN TO THE
WHITE HOUSE.
Then from down the column came the
mournful sound of the "long roll." As it '
ceased there arose, clear and sweet, the
notes of the beautiful hymn, "Nearer, My
God, to Thee." The soldiers raised the
flag-covered casket on their shoulders and
moved toward the train as the band took
up the air of the grand old hymn, "O
God, Our Help In Ages Past." On tha
curb stood President Roosevelt, with Sen
ator Hawley, The former had refused
the advice of the police to move into the
aepot yard and with his hat In his hand
he stood silently watching the body being
removed. General Brooke and his staff
fell in directly behind the casket: then
came the President, Secretary Cortelyou
and Senator Hawley, and then, walking
with his cane for assistance, followed
Senator Hanna, accompanied by his son.
Arrival at Nation's Capital.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 16.— Night came
on as the train sped from York to> Balti
more without a stop, and In the darkness
only the flickering lights along the way
and the tolling bells of the station gave
evidence that the manifestations of sor
row were still going on. as the train drew
Into Baltimore black masses of people
could be seen ranged up on the huge via
ducts which span the line of the road, and
at every street crossing- a living tide
surged up to the train. Nearlng the sta
tion the locomotive literally plowed It3
way among flowers, for great masses o*
blossoms had been strewn along the path
way of the train. Inside the station the
Iron railing held back a surging multitude,
while within the rail the entire force of
the city postofflce was drawn up at one
side of the track, with banners wound
with crape, and the force of the custom
house on . the other side. In front of the
crowd stood Mayor Hayes with his sister,
each bearing great clusters of roses and
palms as a tribute of the city to be placed
on the bier of the dead President.
Mrs. McKinley Is
Now Showing Her
Fearful Suffering
head the nation's new executive waited
the passage of bis predecessor's funeral
cortege.
Once more the troops were drawn up
In line and came to "present." The hearse
(topped In front of the baggage entrance
to the depot. As the undertaker took bold
of the door of the hearse to open It and
the body bearers prepared, to draw .the
coffin out. a hush fell on the multitude.
3
Nobility
Recommends
Nervine.
The above portrait is that of
Countess Mogclstud, of Chica-
go, 111., whose gratitude for the
benefit received from the use of
, Dr. Miles' Nervine prompted
her to make this statement:
"It affords me great pleasure to add
my testimony to the .very excellent
merits of Dr. Miles' Nervine. Although
I am past So years of age I find it
soothes the tired brain, quiets the irri-
tated nerves and insures restful sleep.
I never feel contented without a bottle
of it in the house." Gratefully yours,
:Z .';,-¦ Christiana Maria,
Ccuntess Mogelstud.
Maes- Nervine
is a nerve . tonic and strength-
builder that starts right in re-
storing health immediately.
Sold by all Drusslsta.
Dr. Mile's Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind.
ADVERTISEMENTS.The criminal department of the Superior
Court, upon motion 6L Deputy District
Attorney George Samuels, has adjourned
until Friday out of respect to the deceased
President. Thursday being a national
holiday none of the departments will be
In session on that day of mourning'.
In connection with the programme of
exercises the committee has emphasized
the fact that -no •Individual Invitations to
take part in the funeral procession have
been Issued, but that all storiettes will be
. The following resolutions have been
adopted by Oakland Camp No. 3, Army
and Navy Republican League:
Resolved, That we. comrades of Oakland
, Camp No. 3, A. N. R; L., have learned with
the greatest sorrow and horror of the mur
der of our grand and noble comrade Wil
liam McKinley, at the hands of a class or
¦ -association of vile and Infamous 'wretches i
called anarchists;
Resolved. That we demand of those in
proper authority to enact such laws as will
result in the extermination or expulsion
from the country of all persons who advo
cate, either by voice and act, or through
publications »ln the press, the principles of
anarchism ;
Resolved, That we extend to the bereaved
widow of our departed comrade our heart
felt sympathy in this, .her hour of distress,
and . pray . that the God, in whom her late
husband placed his trust will look down
with compassion upon her and support her
through all of her afflictions.
By order of the Camp. .
M. D. HYDE, Colonel.
JOSEPH PERRAU. Adjutant..
nin, master; Oakland Lodgn No. 1S3. John
A. Britton, • master; Brooklyn Lodge No..
223. John C. Foster, master; Alcatraz Lodge
No. 244, Charles E. Snook, master.
The Board of Supervisors to-day adopt
ed the following resolutions:
Hesolved, That in common with all citi
zens of this loved land we iriave assembled
bowed in grief, facing, witb all citizens of
the republic, a. great sorrow. >Jo tribute
that can' be offered will adequately express
our feelings nor estimate the worth of him,
whose .loss we mourn. He is' dead. His
life's work Is ended. To his country is be
queathed a glorious heritage of magnificent
accomplishments that will Inure to the ben
efit of our beloved land forever, even as his
memory will endure.
Resolved, That we do now adjourn out
of respect to the memory of our martyred
.. President. "William McKinley.
Denounce the Yellow Press.
Commandant Glass has notified the com
mittee, that the battalion and band from,
the Yerba Buena naval training station
will. take part in the parade.
A union memorial meeting: of the Ma
sonic lodges of Oakland will be held to
morrow evening at Masonic Temple. Tho
following. lodges will be represented:
Live Oak Lodge No. 61. George W. Dor-
Naval Apprentices to Attend.
Oakland Offlce Ban Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Sept. 16.
IN accordanco with a proclamation
' Je»ued by Mayor naratow to-d»y Im
mediate itepu were taken to drape
the CJty Hall and other munlrlpul
buHdlngn and to be«ln preparation*
for united effort with the McKtnley
memorlnl committee for the public
exerd«e» on Thuradoy. Mftyor liurxtow h
proclamation rollown: ,
To tH» Clll*»'n« of Oakland! WIwmi,
I'rMldant KooHHVflt han ui>pt»lnt»4 Thum*
Aty, »*m»mh*r It, 1WJ. «» ft <l*y «<
line «tii.l pray»r ihrounhout tha .""•'••»
Hitttm, wnif •nrn^Htly n<comm«nrl* that all
th« peopl*" u«m»mt'l<» en thai «l*y Jn th«lr r«
1 dpnellv* v\»ei» ot dlv1n« womhlp, «h*r« t«»
bow down In aubmlHlon to t»i» wl «f Al
mighty Clod, nti-l to pay out of full ln»i»rt"
thflr hotnni*" of tov« and «'V#r«ic«» to tn<»
Krrat mvi «ootl Hr^iWoni whow d*oth nan
»mltt#n tho notion -with Wtttr irrjkfj'iiml.
Whtreat, If la Kx^lltne/ Henry T. (laifp,
Oovwnor of th« HtuU of Cttllfornlo, haa de
clared Mid datu u publlo holiday for ten
•r«l prayer and mourning, and ft day for
publlo ttatlmony of th* Borrow of th« peo
ple Of the 8tttt« for the loi» of their tl u»
trloui frwldent and noble dtl«n, William
McKinley. and ordered that the fla«« on *JI
Htate buildings be pined anil kept at half
mast for thirty days; therefore
I, as Mayor of the city ot Oakland, re
queit that Thursday, the 19th day of Septem
ber, 1901, be strictly observed by the citizen*
of Oakland a« a day of mourning, a«d that
all places of business of every kind and na
ture be closed on that day, and that all
buildings and private residences be draped
In mourning, especially along the line of
march of the funeral cortege, and that all
- citizens, as far as possible, take part In the
¦ ;'tfuneral e*erclses^on that day. .-, . ..
The details for appropriate funeral"'cere
monies have been left to the executive com
mittee for the reception of President McKin
ley during his recent visit to Oakland, Hon.
P. E. Bowles, chairman.
ANSON BARSTOTV.
Mayor of the City of Oakland.
September 16, 1901.
Committee States Plans.
The committee has Issued a statement
of its plans and adds:
We desire at this time to urge' upon all our •
citizens:
1. The absolute suspension of all and every
branch of business during the day.
'2. That all societies and organizations,
civic and military, accept this public Invi
tation to . Join In the solemn procession,
without "further Invitation from the commit
tee.
8. That all such organization which will
take part Immediately notify the grand i
marshal. St. ClaJr Hodgklns. City Hall.
4. That all banners and flags carried and
regalia worn be draped In mourning.
6. That all citizens not belonging to any
: : organization participating .shall march in
| the unattached division. Let every Individ- .
¦ .ual. appearing in the procession wear upon
: the breast some emblem of mourning, either
black ribbon or crape- Let all residences
and places of business in the city bear some
mark of mourning, and especially so along
the line of "march;
The marshal. St. Clalr Hodgkins. will an
nounce later the details of the formation of
the procession:-
P. E. BOWLES,
JOHN A. BRITTON,
H. C. TAFT,
SAM BELL. McKEE,
EDSON F. ADAMS, Committee.
; FRED M. CAMPBELL, Secretary.
The committee Is desirous that all citi
zens not marching: with a civic or a mili
tary organization shall parade, a place be
ing reserved in the unattached citizens'
division for those , who thus desire to
show their respect for the memory- of the
dead President. , .
President Wheeler
Offers a Tribute
to the Dead Hero
Oakland and Berkeley
Arrange Exercises
to Express Sorrow
DENOUNCE
ANARCHY
Continued on Ninth. Page.
A general order from General Nelson A.
Miles was received-by telegraph yesterday
at : army headquarters ln'tnis city, a de-
GT7NS ¦,. .WJXiIi .TJbLUUJJKK. ¦ - ¦ - .
\ AT THE ;,liILITABY; POSTS
Resolutions .of Sympathy Are Passed
and Headquarters Ordered .
... '. ' Draped.' '.'.- v '/¦:. '
At' a meeting of the members - ot the
Builders' Exchange • yesterday. ! the
lowing resolutions -were unanimously
adopted: ( -•¦-.. - •
'• ' Whereas. The ¦ entire American ' nation is "
bowed down with grief at the assassination
, of its honored and beloved President Wil- •
¦ Ham McKinley; therefore, be It •' ¦ '¦'
Resolved. That' we,, the members of. the *
Builders' Exchange 6f. San Francisco, -deep
, ly deplore the nation's great loss, and ex
tend to the heart-stricken relatives of our \
departed President pur, moet. sincere sym
pathy in their sad . bereavement ; be it Xnr- "
ther • ¦ .... ., . . - ;
Resolved, That the. entrance to the Build
ers' Exchange be draped .in mourning for
the customary period. '¦ " - -.
- It was also decided that the day of the
funeral • should . be observed- by all -•mem
bers of the exchange ' ceasing operations
and- that the exchange be, closed for that
day. ' ¦' , •'¦•..¦ . ¦ ' ».• '
-BTJILDERS' EXCHANGE
HONORS- THE MARTYR
Resolved, That we tender our heartfelt"
sympathy to the noble and devoted wife of
our beloved and lamented President. Wil
liam McKinley. . - ¦ , .
Throughout the civilized. world every llb
erty-lovlns heart grieves Tat the untimely
SSIm 0 * ? Vl } U £* T McKlnl ey. thetwenty-anh
Pr^ en n of th t Ul \!J ed States of America:
tsrsJp^ ° rhts ° *££&& ass
indomitable courage 'and ; sterling Integrity
People. magistracy- of 80.000.000 of free
.Universally endeared by :': the nobility of
his lofty character and -career, the name
and fame of William McKinley will for
ever be enrolled in the Immortal ga a*y of
the most 411ustrlous patriots In hlstorjT
of s S^ V6^ By , the Merchants' Association
of \ San Fcknclsco, that we mourn, more
?£?r w an i mere . word$ can «Press. the
Irreparable loss of one. wh6se recent pres
ence In our midst exemplified a" sublime
manhood' inspired almost with a sacred- di-
of the Merchants' Association, yesterday
the following resolution was adopted
unanimously: ¦-> • . •: < ~ -. ¦ ¦ r ¦ "-
In the Hours of Grief It Sends Forth
• a Sympathetic Series of
Resolutions.
Two series of resolutions, expressing
the sentiments of the assembled represen
tatives* of the Republican ¦• party," were
presented before the convention held last
night at B'nal B'rlth Hall. Norman W.
Hall of the Thirty-ninth . district first
presented resolutions, but as other matters
were being considered, his . resolutions
were forced to give way to those present-*
ed by Leon B. Samuels of-the.Twenty
ninth district. Following are the resolu
tions adopted:
At the threshold of the business of this,
the Municipal Convention of the Republican
party of the: city and county of Ban Fran
cisco, it is fitting that we should pause In.
our deliberations and pay- our heartfelt trib
ute of respect and honor to the memory of
him who as standard-bearer of the Republi- . '
can party was. chosen buf recently by tha
people of this great country, to the exalted
offlce of President of the United States
. William McKinley, he under whose'gal
lant leadership we achieved victory after
..victory, the laurels of peace, as well as of
war. is no more. But yesterday his was the
hand that guided the "destinies of this pow
erful nation; to-day it is risid'and Immov
able In death.. The fatal bullet of. a cow
ardiyand treacherous assassin has plun/red"
the whole civilized world, as well as' our
entire nation, in deepest grief. He died as
he lived— a brave, great and noble-hearted
man. His career will ever be one worthy of I
emulation— an example to fire -and spur the' •
ambition of our youth-and his illustrious
name will glorify the pages of our history
Patient and courageous in adversity and
moderate in prosperity, hl» waa a character
It was then unanimously decided to con
fine the exercises to the -Mechanics' Pa
vilion, after W. Greer Harrison had
stated that it would accommodate 14,000
people. Mayor Phelan suggested a change
In. the arrangement of the Pavilion to im
prove the faulty acoustics. . General
Barnes said the acoustics were not- as
poor as generally supposed, and he com
mended tfce selection of the Mechanics'-
Pavilion.
Some of the committeemen favored the
holding of an auxiliary service In Golden-
Gate Park, but no action was taken.
Rolla V. Watt suggested that the
churches be requested to hold services In
the evening, but the committee thought
the churches should not be interfered
with.
Mayor Appoints Sub-Committees.
Mayor Phelan then appointed the f ollow;-
Ing committees: , , ¦ . . /,, . .'.",'',• lZ*
Executive' committee— Rolla V. Watt." '
General R. H. Warfield, Henry J. Crocker, |j
¦William H." Jordan. D. J. O'Leary. Anflrf w >
Sbarboro, F. • \V. Dohrmann, ColoneUJ.-R. ~
Howell. . Supervisor Horace Wilson, Irving ..
M. -Scott. William Greer Harrison. Dr. C.
A. Clinton; Raphael Welll. E. B. t.Pona.-
William •Alvord,- Julius ¦ R. Rosenstlrn,
L. Edmund Stover, A. A. Watkins. W. W.
Montasile, P: H. McCarthy, n.U.'Bra'ndfn- "~
stein and B. J. Cahill. - >
Decoration committee— William Greer.:.
Harrison, B. B. Pond andB, J. Cahill.
Programme-- committee— Rolla ' V;« "Watt. '
Colonel Howell and Charles Bundscha-i ,' :
Press and printlnsr— A. A. Watkins. i A. \.}
Ebarboro and D. J. O'Leary. •• ¦,>..<¦ -
Invitation- and" -reeeption-rF.' r W.v -Dohr-' ¦
mann. General Warfleld. Irving- M." Scott, '
Supervisor Wilson, William H. Jordan,
Henry J. Crocker, P. H. McCarthy and
Dr. Clinton. • ••• .' . •*•¦
Artists Offer Services. "•
"Doc" H. Leahy generously offered the
services of the Tivoli artists and Paul R.
Steindorff, leader of the orchestra,- for the
musical portion of the programme. The
offer' was referred to the programme com
mittee. The offers of the Tivoli Theater
by Leahy and the Grand Opera-hou.se by
M. H. Meyerfeld were declined with
thanks.
The committee decided that. the foreign^
representatives, the Grand Army officers
and other officials will be given seats on
the platform. The imitations will be lim
ited to the judiciary; Federal .and. State
authorities, foreign representatives and
Exercises at Mechanics' Pavilion.
W. W. Montague spoke of the impress
ive ceremonies on the occasion of the fun
eral of the late Queen Victoria and advo
cated pervices of that kind in honor of
President McKinley. -•. ¦
Mr. "Weill's suggestion was opposed by
several of the committeemen, as a parade
¦was net considered appropriate. General
S. B. M. Young informed the committee
that he had received instructions frcm.
the War Department regarding the man
ner of the -military' celebration. He said
that the instructions comprised the firing
of guns with a parade of the troops on the
parade grounds. General Young said he
could not promise to turn out the United
States soldiers in a general parade. He
opposed the parade proposition on the
ground that it was not an appropriate
manifestation of respect -to • the memory
of the deceased President, and thought
the celebration should be confined to the
memorial exercises. •
Suggested Parade Opposed:
Calling the meeting to order Mayor
Phelan paid a feeling tribute to the
character and worth of President McICIn
ley, wbo In life had endeared himself to
the people of San Francisco on the occi
6lon of his recent visit.
"The President of the United States has
proclaimed Thursday as a day of gen
eral mourning," said the Mayor, 'and
Governor Gage has designated the same
day a iegal holiday, and it now becomes
our duty to arrange for a memorial cele
bration in which the people as a whole
may take part. Gentlemen, it is now for
you to make suggestions regarding the
character of the services."
Raphael Welll. after a touching refer
ence to the untimely taking off of the
nation's chief executive, urged the com
mittee to arrange for a parade of mourn
ing. He argued that the largest building
In the city was incapable of holding more
than 12,000 persons, and this would neces
sarily exclude many thousands of peo
ple who would wish to testify their grief
at the loss of their beloved ruler. Mr.
Weill favored a magnificent street pa
ceant. In which all the people could be'
represented, in addition to the services in
the largest building that can be pro
cured.
Mayor Asks for Suggestions.
Proceeding* w*r«« opf»fd by th« f-Wtlon
of Mayor PhHnn n* p«»rmRn»-nt rhnlrmnu
of 11>«* ronimlltff ur.6 Jl, V. UrwnrtfnPtoln
M-riMnry. Af(<i j lontf dlsrUKtilon it w^in
<i.-cid<d to Ik. id itn- Dirmorlal . fxv.rcl*a»,
which wilt b« of .i i»lftipi«« kHkIuiih char*
ntffr, on Ttiurfrtoy nftcrnoon at 2 o'clock,
In th<» Mfchanics* Pavilion. Thpro will bo
no tjeforta l»!nur>d and «cat« will not b«> roi
k«tv«4 on the main Horn 1 . Th* commMt««e
was pt t lie opinion that tin- mrmorlal
nervier* *hould bp partlolpatpd In by tin*
people, and no rentrlctlon will be phu'f'l
"ti admission to the Pavilion.
The «ervici'» will 1>«- prenlded over by n
clergyman of the Methodist church. U*n
«ral w. H. I,. BarnfH will deliver the
i»ulog>'. Solemn rellgiouit music will be
rung by a choir and an orchestra will ren
tier funeral marcben.
THE Oltlz'-niT Committee of Onf
Hundred, appointed by Mnyor
Phflan to tuka chant* of , the
memorial f<TVlr« In honor of
the late I'r-Mi.lont M.-Kml-.v,
m*'t yr-st<-r<lay tn tha Muynr'n
offlce itt ih«» city Hall. Ninety m«-rnl»<tn
of-th* cofnmlttrp w*»r« prrnpnt, the rent
I'l'.njr unavoidably nbNcnt.
REPUBLICAN CONVENTION ,-
EXPRESSES ITS SOKBOW
Siiaineii. Houses, ¦ Public Buildings,
Olubi and Private Dwelling!
1 Display Mourning.
Wh t>rv a faw.'wMkl ago the eltlzcni'of
Snn l-'iiini-lKio holntcd ttif Htitrry emblemH
i" the topi of 11k- flflgpolcH In honor of
Wllilnm MiiKJntey, to-day the »atn© em
hifniM droop i hrir glorious foldn at half
nuiKt.
Tho emblem* and trapping* of grief and
woe have taken the place of the red, white
and blu« decoration* of lant May and
crape in somberly entwined In tho folds of
the stnra and stripes, for which William
McKinley fought.
Along the water front the ahlps of the
world display tho fslgns of mourning for
the nation's beloved dead. The ferry
building, which but a .few weeks ago re
sounded to the plaudits of thousands who
heard the voice of William McKinley, '.*
shrouded in the black garb of sorrow, and
death. ; . , •
Along Market street and in the busy
marts of trade Old Glory Is to be seen on
thousands of flagpoles, not hoisted proud
ly to the tops but drooping sadly at half
mast. On the offices of the foreign Con
suls the flags of all countries are hoisted
to the sorrowful height. ' .
Again the portraits of William McKin
ley are to be seen in hundreds- of store
windows, not framed in the starry flag
but in somber black. ; The entrances' to
the hotels, the big office buildings, de
partment stores andrweil-known shopping
centers, are shrouded; in the emblems" of '
the King of Terror. '. " - '
Federal Buildings Draped.
The. municipal buildings, the' Federal
buildings, the Mint, the city's clubs, the ;
Sub-Treasury, the- main postofflce and
branches all proclaim in sable hue the in
tense sorrow that has come upon the na
tion. ¦ •--.-•. . .- . ;.-..
In the residence portions of the" city. the
mourning signs can be seen on every
street. There are none so poor but that
they honor the memory of the- martyred'
President. Tiny flags can be seen at.hun
dreds of windows in the southern . and
northern cuarters of the city, but the
flags are nailed midway on the sticks and
are covered with crape or black cloth.- •". "
Many of the city's stores make elabor
ate mournfng "displays. -. • •'¦
All about and above the windows on-,the
second and third stories, of Hale Bros.'
store' are great waves of black cloth,
standing. , out in somber distinctness
against the white front of the building.: i,
In the arched entrance to the Empo
rium, surrounded by palm branches and
resting. against heavy hangings of black.
Is a picture, of the dead President. Be
neath it la a wreath. .
At O'Connor. Moffatt & Co.'s the en
trance and windows are heavily draped,
a flag showing out/ from the blackness.
Billows of black appear on the upper
story of S. N.-\\ T o0d& Co.'s building and
the windows are all heavily draped. r
AboVethe entrance to the City of Paris
Is a mass of black, a white cord, looped
at each Bide of the entrance, running
across it. *• ¦ -• *- ' ~
At Livingston Bros, there are long pil
lars of black at the sides of the doors and
Windows and a draped. flag.
Signs of Mourning. : . .
Raphael's shows elaborate mourning
trappings. There is heavy draping high
up at the front and clusters of small flags
and crape are shown across the front just
above the show windows."
Many pillars and loops of black lend a
funereal aspect to the front of the Golden
Gate Cloak and Suit. Company's store.
Kelly .& Liebes' store front ' shows ' a
large flags, hung with black.
Black" cloth ;wlth white and black cord
is the mourning display at the front of
Kauffman's shoe house. .
A' picture v of- the President, framed In
black and backed by a large ' flag, hang3
above, the. entrance to .Rosenthal's shoe
house.' '
Marks Bros, show a picture of the Pres
ident draped In black ? above -their store
entrance. .
Above and about all the doors and win
dows of Goldberg, Bowen & Co.'s big
stores are shown dr&pings of black, flags
appearing here and there.
Flags with loops of black about, them
appear, at the entrance of Llebenbaum &
Co.'s. •¦:¦ -¦¦¦¦ . ¦'-.. -¦ .-.- ,
The --Moss clove -house has a sheaf of
wheat -against a black background above'
the entrance. " - ': $, r .j ¦ . ~
. At Newman & Levinson's therels a pic
ture of the dead President above the en-
I trance, surrounded by heavy mourning.
The . Owl Drug Company shows sable
hangings -and flacs above its store en
trance.
1 Black and white streamers are on the
front of the Royal Shoe Company's store.
i The Philadelphia Shoe Company dis
plays black- and white about Its store en
trance.'... . . . • . . -.; ¦ -
TRAPPINGS OF GRIEF
THR0UOH0UT THE CITY
ConRuli*. army pnd navy offlcerB, Grand
Army of the Republic and the Loyal J/e'
kUm. ¦ '
W. Orccr Harrliion the opin
ion that thft coHt of thfl enremony would
not exceed $2.^0). Ho mild (hut a band ol
••ui.v iiI<i<h and a choir of 4<>0 voices will
Up r«-<juirt»d.
Th«* <tii>-Hitoti of rrqiiAHtlnK th«> ParU
<"h)iiiiiI«hIuii to nuihorl7.t* wol^mn mimic In
the pink on ThunuiH)' wan Tf>tfrr?<\ to tlu
PH<«i-;hiiiii<» t'ommiUt-c.
Trappings of Grief Widely Displayed and
Guns Will Boom From Dawn to Dusk
in Sad Salute to the Departed Chief
SERVICES WILL BE HELD
IN PAVILION THURSDAY
The Memorial Exercises Open to All and
General W. H. Li Barnes Is Selected
to Deliver Encomium pn Honored Dead
CITIZENS TO HONOR THE MARTYR
Continued on Ninth Page.
Birectbrs ' Extend Sympathy 'to S tlie
-. "¦/••^Stricken ", Widow of , Beloved ¦¦/¦'. .',
' ¦ Chief Executive. *• -
At a meeting of the board of directors
MnErRCHANTS r ASSOCIATION"
. ¦ 'MOTTRNS FOR PRESIDENT
Anarchy and Yellow^ Press, Severely
Denounced as liieinies of ,:
- ¦ : tlie Republic.^ -j
The 'following circular" was Issued' yes
terday to the members of the Military
Order of the Loyal Legion of the United
States: j . . ; y. , .
| California Commandery. Military Order of .
the Loyal Legion, cannot remain silent in
• this hour of the nation's grief. Our beloved
President, William McKinley. is dead. En
deared to the. members of our order by tlie
•'memory of common- dangers shared"' on' the '<
E battle-fleld In thecause\Of national unity," •
and by the natural sweetness and lovable
ness of his disposition, as well as the noble-',
ness and unselfishness of. his character, his'
companions Join in the universal mourning
¦ and unutterable sadness afflicting the hearts
of all well wishers of 4 our '¦ country- In this ,
melancholy hour. In his noble and useful
life — as private citizen,- soldier, Repreeenta- ,
j tlve In. Congress, and President of .this great.
• republic— he was ever the friend of , the
people and the typldal American. ¦ In • his •
. private and home life his example has made \
' more sacred the ties . that • bind the family, .
1 on the purity of which rest national pros-. ;
{ peritr.. and ' safety and the security b£ all .
government ¦ . . • ; .- . .' : ',: '
¦ To the sorrowing | wife this commandery
extends its loving sympathy and expresses
the. hope that she may. be sustained, by. that
LOYAL LEOIQN MOXTRNS
* . FOB, ITS ItEAl) 'COMBADE
Ship and Steamboat Joiners; Express
Sympathy for Widow of
Late President.
• At a meeting of the Ship, and Steamboat
Joiners' Union held • yesterday morning,
President Sherwood In the chair, the fol
lowing resolutions 'were unanimously
adopted and the secretary was. Instructed
to forward the same to Mrs. McKinley":
..•' Whereas, The President of the United
States, William McKinley, died on the 14th
instant : from wounds received at the hands .
of an assassin; therefore, be it '
Resolved; By the Ship sand Steamboat >
Joiners' Union of San r Francisco No. • 8186.
A. P. of Labor,, that we deeply; deplore the
death, of President McKinley And Join our.
. fellow-citizens throughout , the -. nation in
condemning the cowardly act by which. his '
life was taken, as a blow at the . liberty
of the people and the principles of self
government ; and belt* further-
Resolved. That • we ' tender our sincere
condolence to the widow and relatives of
our deceased President .- with- . the earnest
• wish that they . may . long be spared to en-
Joy the confidence and-respect'of-a'-griev
in«r and grateful people; and be it further'
Hesolved. That a copy of these resolutions
• be forwarded to , Mrs. "McKinley.
¦ ; J. .D. 8HKRWOOD. President." "¦'
. , T. WESTQBY. Rec. Sec :
LOCAL UNION DENOTTNCES
• : ; \A/cr op, vtle' assassht
Christian f a3th which was evinced by the
last words of her devoted husband, "It is
Gods way; his will., not ours, be done."
.Notwithstanding the national calamity
that has fallen upop us, the assassin's
hand shall not stay the onward and upward
progress of the republic. Our confidence
remains unshaken In the people and In th©
servants of their choice. Anarchy must.be
allowed no hiding place In this free country,
rpr its aim is the destruction of all govern
ment. This hydra headed monster which
would destroy the peace and safety of our
country must be extirpated; no Just concep
tion of ¦ free speech and a free press " can
Justify, a license the logical result of which
is assassination and murder.
Companions are requested to attend the
memorial services to be observed on next
Thursday in commemoration of -the life and
public services of our departed friend and',
companion. . : n. p. CHIPMAN.
Brevet Brigadier General . United. ¦ States .'
volunteers. .commander. - ¦ "
_W. R. SMEDBERG, Brevet Lieutenant
Colonel United States army, recorder.
to his widow.
After the reading of -the resolutions
every delegate rose to his. feet and gave
his assent to their adoption. . " , '
¦ that forced praise and admiration even from
his political foes.
Wise In council and brave in action, his
loss ' Is an Irreparable one. In him we lose \
the noblest and ablest exponent of our times
of the doctrines and principles of the Kepub
: Mean party. But he was.- more than a mere,
party leader.. He, was a' clear-headed, and,
'.•broad-minded statesman; and: once he. as-.,
' :sumed the functions of the highest and most
.'.honorable office In the gift of the > people'
;- f of the United States he became', the devoted
' , and patriotic leader of "this great , republic,
and its welfare," progress and prosperity and
the welfare and prosperity of all Its citi
zens, regardless of. party divisions, was his
. chief care and purpose. • ' '
¦ ¦ Therefore, be it resolved that 1 in this the
nation's creat bereavement ¦¦ we extend our*
¦ profoundest sympathy, and. consolation to his',
stricken wife. Her grief is ours. A nation's
tears' mingle with hers. In spirit we stand
' 'by "her side at -the. bier- of the illustrious . -.
dead to comfort and- protect her in this the
.supreme hour of trial and sorrow, and as we
reverently eaze upon his noble face, once - j
full of life and purpose, but .now cold and '
calm in death, we solemnly ' repeat his dy
ing words, "Thy will be done."
Further resolved that as ' a token of • our?
sympathy a copy of these resolutions be sent
"The bullet that pierced GoebePs chest
Canhot'be fouQd in all the : West ;
Good reason. It is speeding here
To stretch Mcl^inley on Jpisjbier."
Excerpt from the Examiner by its Washington correspondent
February 4 f 1900 :
UNCLE SAM— Now Use Your Venomous pangs flgain if You Car).
THE SAN ERANCISCO CALL, SEPTEMBER 17, 1901.
DETERMINED TO BE ADVENGED.
4
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Stress.
Telephone — South 42O,
Oakland Off Ice— 54 San Pablo Ave.
Of course, but most people want perfect
laundering when they send out their linen.
If you could take a peep Into our work-
rooms you'd quickly learn why we're do-
Ing the laundry business of the city. Per-
fect system and absolute cleanliness maka
any other result Imposssible.' •
No saw edges.
IT'S A MATTER OF TASTE,
* -
Positively cured by these
Little PIUS.
They alsd relieve distrws from Dyf-
pepsia. Indigestion and Too Hearty.
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in the Mouth, Coated Tongne. Pain ia
the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
6mall Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Pears' shaving soap is
the best in all the world.
AH ports of people use Pears' «oap, all sorts
of stores sell it, especially druggists. - - •
Economical soap is one
that a touch of cleaiises.
• 6 A CHEAT. RESTOKAT1VE. INYIGOKA.'
'lor and Nervine. ". • . ...
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes. *
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
oeys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NAEER. ALFS & BRUXE, Agents,
(3 Iferket *U. & F.— (Send for Circulars.)
BAJA CALIFORNIA :
Damiana Bitters
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE WEST
24 Post St.. San, Francisco. Cal. - -
Established Nearly 40 years. Open Entire Tear.
"Write for 80-page catalogue (free).
SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COLLEGE
1236 Market Street. *
Actual business bookkeeping; only expert ac- I
countants and reporters as teachers; Gres<
shorthand, the easiest, fastest and most read-
able. Day and evening. FULii COURSE. |so.
Baldness Is caused by dandruff, which Is
caused by, a germ. Kill the germ and
there : Is almost certainty that hair will
grow !agaln, if the follicle has not been
totally destroyed. Nels Peterson of Lime
Spur, Mont, says: "I had been bald six
years 'and hail tried all kinds of *cure3,*
but without any benefit -whatever, until
I tried Herpicide. November 16) 1S9D, I
began ' using Herpicide, and in three
months a fine growth of hair covered my
head completely." Ask iyour drugget
for Herpicide. . Everybody can- have lux-
uriant -glossy hair.' if- Herpicide is used
thoroughly. Take no substitute.
Treatment Restored His Hair.
Three Months of the MeW, Scientific
WAS BALD SIX YEABS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS!
I visit DR. JORDAN'S grcat
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
1 . taB 1951 1U2SZT 37. tit S± 47JS, Z.T.Cil
. >^f ,« Th j Largest A natomieat Museum In the
i jmg&a— world. Weilcnes<e» or jny contracted ,
I FSlxl ?*""; P--i«i-»-Iy »r«d h, the old«t !
> jgri] Specialist on the Co»s£. EjLj* years. »
»8£fi DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEM ,
I «^?H Consultation free and strictly prWite.
J #75 B Xl*?""™* P«"<»n«"y •» by letter. A i
JV MH Jvmtnn Cur. in ere ry cue nndertaken. '
rff llW _ w "»efor B«>k,PHILO*ornYol ,
» I ".V."^?*' «»>"» "SB- ( A I
ii l± valuable book for men)
DB. JOBDA.V A €O.. 1051 Market St.. S. F\ I
ig||| CAR,T£R.3
A Book
ot Travel
written on the pages of
your Ufa by the loving
hand of memory— tho trip
from San Frnncisco to Chi*
, cago on the
California
Limited
Leaves Snn Franclico 0
a. m. Monday and Thurs-
day, arrives in Chicago
2:15 p. m. Thursday and
Sunday. The servico is
unexcelled. It's on the
Santa Fe
CQt'YBICHT..^ >C»*^^
JOE POHEIM
& The Tailor
Makes the best fitting
/p!v*\l clothes In the State at
$¦&% $*+¦* very rnoderate P^ces.
llfc Pants ¦S& o S4.50 » SIB
¦ ( M i - Saits'Sfcr SlB^l f SBB
¦' w|r 201-203 Montgomery Street
f/ A 1110-1112 Market Street
- m % SAN FRANCISCO
"<5»^w il '43 South Spring Street I
v LOS ANGELES
DR.MEYERS&CO. JiHt^
Specialist. Disease $§&? jK"
and weakness of ejp3»r g
men. Established 5^^ ,*'Tt,V~
1SSL Consultation T(Yl ?&p W
and private book Y^«L ''I
free, at office or by jdfel&i
anteed. 731 Alar- j^^^^W^
ket street (eleva- T^S^f^Sr '
tor entrance). San- 4*HOt~3$HS2P l *
Francisco. - T 5 **^"TUESDAT,- SEPTEMBER 17.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer movements.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
An alternative writ of prohibition was
Issued by Judge Dunne yesterday to pre
vent the Board of Education from sus
pending Mary O. - McKinney, a - school
teacher, pending the investigation of the
charges of. incompetency preferred against
her The writ is made returnable before
Judge Hunt on September 30.
Enjoins School Board.
There are about CGO boys and girls who
are taking the several courses. The pres
ent board of directors of the school in
cludes Horace Davis, James Spiers. Frank
J. Symmes, C. A. Murdock and E. B.
Pond. .'-;. ><:¦¦
The California School of Mechanical
Arts, of which George A. Merrill is prin
cipal, will celebrate "founder's day" on
Friday next. In the forenoon the pupils
will listen to an address concerning their
life work arid duties and relating to the
life and bounty of James Lick, to whose
practical wisdom .and generosity the ex
istence of the school is due. The address
will be delivered by Thomas B. Bishop.
' In the afternoon the friends; and rela
tives of the pupils and other invited
puests will be permitted to visit the
shops and classrooms connected with the
school and personally inspect the progress
that is being: made along practical lines.
Several hundred invitations have been
gent out-
Bounty.
Prepares to Celebrate Lick's
California School of Mechanical Arts
WILL OTTES TRIBUTE
TO FOUNDER OF COLLEGE
Reeder Crossing "No. 4, a red first-class spar
buoy, was established August 23, 1901, In twenty
feet of water, as a guide ' In the ¦ channel.
Knapp Landing post light north, Reeder Point
post light SW. by W. .
Chanel above the mouth of the Willamette
River, page IS. Loves- Crossing. On £eptem
.-¦.'•'¦ • ¦ " ¦ • ." \
Channel from Knappton to '¦ Harrington
Point, page SI. Harrington Point Channel No.
8, a. red, second-class spar buoy was established
August 28. 1301, in twelve feet of water, to
mark the starboard side of the channel. East
tangent to Tongue Point S. by W. -% W., tan
gent to Grays Point W. S. W. % W. • This
channel can only be used by light-draft ves
sels, and by persons having local knowledge.
Channel across SL Helens Bar to mouth of
Willamette River, page 59. Reeder-- Crossing
No. 2. On August 23. 1901, owing to the chan
nel having shifted, this buoy, formerly a black
spar No. L was changed to a red spar No. 2,
without change of position. . , -
Hood Bar post light, page 30, after No. 133,
and the preceding post light. (List of. Bea
cons and Buoys, Pacific Coast. 1W)1, page 59.)
A fixed white lantern light, about -twenty-five
feet above the water, was established August
15, 1901, on the north side of- Government
Island, Columbia Klver, Oregon, about six
miles above the town of Vancouver, Washing
ton, as a guide in the channel, and also to
serve as a point of departure in the crossing
of the main channel over Hood Bar to Fisher
Landing, Washington. *> :*V*
Lelser Point post light, page 30, after No.
133. (List of Beacons and Buoys, Pacific Coast.
15*01. page 69.) A fixed white lantern light,
about twenty feet above the water, was es
tablished August 16. 1901, on the Washington
shore of the Columbia River, about two and a
half miles above the town of Vancouver,
Washington, as a guide in the channel to
clear the sandspit which makes out from the
Oreson shore, and also to serve as a point
of departure In the crossing of the main chan
nel to the Oregon shore of the river.
Tongue Point Crossing range post lights, page
26, No. 92, and after No. 92. -(List of Beacons
and Buoys. Pacffic Coast, 1901. page S3.) The
rear light of the range, -which was established
July 28, 1S01, is approximately 1500 feet SE.
% S. of the front light (formerly the buoy
depot wharf post light). The course to be
uttered on the range when crobs'ng from down
the river, and until east side of channel buoy
No: 2 Is picked up, is, approximately, fi\Vi
% N. As the tidal current crossing the' range
Is very strong, an allowance for the tide will
be necessary, depending on the strength of
the tide and speed of the vessel.
Notice is hereby given of the following
changes in the aids to navigation in this dis
trict, which affect the List of Lights and Fcg
Signals. Pacific Coast, 1901.
Notice to Mariners.
COLUMBIA RIVER.
The Italian bark Pasquale-Lauro was cleared
vesterday for Hull, ! England, with 35,865 ctls
b&rley, valued at ?31,40U, and 12,000 feet lum
ber as dunnage, valued at $150. ¦
Shipment of Barley.
» Divorce Suits Filed.
Suits r for divorce have "been filed by
Flossie I.. Brown against G. O. Brown for
failure^ to provide. Duncan McD. Bayne
against "Elizabeth Bayne for desertion,
Daniel. F. Carrlck against ,Lucy Carrick
for cruelty* and L. Ward against A. M.
Ward for 'cruelty.-.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the- tides
the early, morning tides are given in : the left
hand Column and the successive tides of. th*
day In the order of occurrence as to time; tno
fourth time, column • gives ' the. last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, a*
sometimes occurs. The heights- given .are in
addition to the soundings on" the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus <— )
blgn 'precedes the .height, and. then the number
given is. subtracted from the depth given' by
the charts.' The plane of. reference is the, mean
of the lower low waters. . .. - . ¦¦
The British steamer Palatlnia will load mer
chandise at Portland for Manila, for United
States Government; the Rosamond, merchan
dise here for Honolulu; the Dunbritton, wheat
at Portland for Europe, 40s; the Elltsland,
wheat or barley here for Europe, 40s, prior to
arrival; the Henriette. wheat, barley or flour
at Portland for Europe, 42s 6d, prior to arrival.
The following vessels have been chartered,
prior to arrival, to load wheat for Europe; the
St. Mungo and the Jupiter (at Tacoma),
41s 3d; the Placlllla, same, at 3Ss S»d; the
Kdenballymore, same, 29s 6d; the Carlo P (at
Portland). 40s 6d; the Favorita, same, 41s 3d.
Shipping Merchants.
Hatters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The California sailed for New York via
Puget Sound yesteraay. She will finish
loading at Seattle and trom there will gy
to the East via the Straits of Magellan.
The immense log-raft that left Oregon
last week in tow of two tugs was outside
the heads last night and will probably,
come into the bay with the flood-tide this
morning. » ¦
A- Hutchlngson was treated at the Har
bor Hospital for a broken arm yesterday.
He was working, on a non-union ship and
was on his way home when some of the
strikers took him in^.hand^ There were
cobbles in the air and all kinds of trouble.
Hutchingson got the worst of it and' Is
now unoer repairs.
Water Front Notes.
Trade and commerce— R. V. Schwerin. Irving
M. Scott, A. Ch«>Febroui?h. Percy Morgan.'
Horace Davis; membership— F. W. Van Slck
len. Bernard Faymonvllle. Andrew S. Moseley
.Tuda Newman, Charles R. Allen; Information
and statistics— Leon Slosp. W. H. Talbot. F.
V>. Wheelan; floor— J. M. Pettisrew. Leon
Blum; arbitration— F. Tillman Jr.. H. C. hom
ers. R. G. Girvin. J. A. Hooper. C. M. Goodall
Henry RosenOld. W". M. Alexander; appeals—
Henry F. A'.len, John L>. Spreckels, John Dol
beer. Charles D. Haven, W. II. Taylor.
The hall of the Exchange may be used by
auctioneers who are members of the Exchange
for the Mile of stocke, bonds, vessels, grain' and
other personal and real property, under such
reFtrlctions as the floor committee may pre
pcribe. In all cases the coti^ent of the floor
committee must be secured before any sale can
be had.
Following are the committees:
The directors of the Merchants' Ex
change adopted rules yesterday and elect
ed committees for the new commercial or
ganization. The rules provide that each
member of- the exchange shall have the
privilege of designating one represen
tative, for whose acts he shall be respon
sible, the representative to have all the
privileges of the floor of the exchange.
Each member may iiave a messenger or
clerk on the floor. There are provisions
for the admission of strangers as visitors.
The final rule applies to auctions and is
as follows:
Floor Are Adopted by the
Directors.
Eules for the Management of the
MERCHANTS' EXCHANGE
NAMES ITS COMMITTEES
The British ship Euterpe arrived from
Newcastle, Australia, yesterday with a
cargo of coal. As she was corning in the
Alden Besse was going out and the En
glehorn was under way. Following her
was the Pasquale Lauro, bound for Eu
rope with a cargo of wheat and behind
her again was a couple of coasters bound
for northern ports. All in all there was
a busv scene on the front in spite of the
strike.
Arrivals and Departures.
After' adjournment of the Republican
convention last evening the delegates rep
resenting the Thirty-third Assembly Dis
trict caucused and decided to support
Fred Bent for. Supervisor.
Thjrty-Third District Caucus.
• As many of the sisrnature3 do not ap
pear to be genuine. Registrar Walsh has
ordered an Investigation and will pass
upon the Sufficiency of the petition at the
meeting of the Election Commissioners
next Tuesday. ¦ . ¦ .. .
Mayor, Edwin W. Carpenter. 87 Third street:
Auditor. 'George ¦ C. -Wright, 119 Chepultapec
street; Treasurer. William D. Lambert. 1221
Market street: Tax Collector. Joseph O'Farrell.
21 Harriet street; Recorder, Charles J. H. Berg,
132 Elsl« -street; City and County Attorney.
Nathan L. Griest. 1324 Howard street; District
Attorney, Albert F. Stone. 474 McAllister street;
Sheriff, Anthony C. McGinty. 278 Minna street;
Coroner. Benjamin J. W. Strassman. Ill Geary
street; Public Administrator, James L. Wright,
505 Railroad avenue: Supervisors— Fraderick V.
Scheller. 560 Howard street; William Weiss, 14
Hayes street; Jacob Olcovlch, 541 Turk street:
Thomas Shausrhnessy, 14 Hayes street; Dennis
Costello, 14 Eleventh street; Thomas .Roberts,
510 Jones street: Conrad Guenther. 1132 Mc-
Allister st'reet: Car! L. Remke, 205 Hyde street;
Edward La Belle. 3101 Broderlck street: Carlos
Calne, 21 Elsie street; Martin Hanson. '421 Sixth
street; Samuel ¦ Friedman. 504_ Eddy street;
Henry Knell, 140 Minna street: • Matthew
Sohlosscr. 134 Fourth street; Wadyslaw Skrochi.
1324 Howard street ; George H. Speed. 72 Ninth
street; George Thompson. 560 Howard street, ¦
Two petitions representing the 'two So
cialist elements were filed yesterday witn
the Registrar of Voters. One represent*
the wishes of the convention of Socialists,
held at the Turk-street Temple -several
weeks ago. The second represents what
is purported to be the "Socialist" Labor
Party.',' . ¦ ,- ¦---¦- . ..•
"The candidates of the Socialist Labor
Party follow: . "' . ¦ \"
Manipulation of Names, Dates
. . . and Places.
One Bears the Impress of Peculiar
TWO SOCIALIST TICKETS
ABE PLACED IN THE FIELD
Most of the passengers named are
schoolteachers. Many others were to go,
but they changed their minds almost at
the last moment and will seek positions In
California..
Ijossn. B. J. Albro, E. J. Gibbons, Bessie R.
Locke.' Willessie Perkins, Lillian Krauskopf,
Mary J- McKelvey. Mrs. J. R. Douglas. Chap
lain G. C. Stull and Mrs. A. M. Wilkins.
Quartermaster Stanley did not go out on the
vessel, owing U> Ill-health, and his place was
taken by Captain W. C. Cannon, formerly of
the Sherman.
ACAPULCO— Sailed Sept 14— Br stmr Colom
bia.- for San Francisco. - . •
ANTWERP-Salled Sept 13-Br ship , Waver
tree, for San Francisco. ' . ¦ • , . :
• FREEMANTLE— Sailed *. Auk ¦¦ 13— Br ' ship
Irby, for Oregon. • ¦ . , - . ¦ '¦'¦¦¦¦
FALMOUTh— Arrived Sept. 14— Br ship Alice
A Lelxh, . from • Tacoma; Br ship Talus,' from
Oregon." - - ¦ . • - .
HARWICH— Arrived Sept 13— Rus shin Har
binger, hence Aprils 27." . •"¦ , -• •,--•
KINSALE— Passed Sept 14-:-Br ehlp Port
Crawford, hence May 2.5. for Queenatown.
- GLASOOW— Safled Aug 9-Ff bark Max, for
£an Francl3co. B^WW)fe«^a.*aBalfl**»«'ifa«*j
FOREIGN PORTS.
<• . • -..EASTERN PORT.^ :
NEW YORK-Arrlved Sent 16-Stmr Orizaba,
from Colon. , " " /, '.' ¦
PORT TOWNSEND-Sailed;Sept 16-Br ship
St Muhko, for : Tacoma.: j Arrived— Br stmr
Glenlogan, from Hongkong; schr Wm Olsen.
from Lahaina. ... . ¦ - - -
' NE AH BAY— Arrived Sept 16— U S itmr Al
batros. • . • . . . - .
HADLOCK-Salled Sept 14-Bark Sea King.
for Adelaide. ' ' •¦.-..
WHATCOM- Sailed Sept 14— Stmr • Rainier,
for San Francisco. . . , - » - . - . ,
EUREKA— Sailed Sept. 15— Stmr South Coast,
for San Francisco. > '. . • .'.; : .,• „•.• ¦;
Arrlvtd Sepf 16— Stmr Pasadena, from ¦ Ven
tura. - ¦•«.... : ¦ . _¦.: - . - . .
Sailed . Sept 16 — Stmr Pomona, for San Fran
cisco., f ¦ ' • : •
SEATTLE— Sailed ¦ Sept 15— Bark Theobald,
for' San l''ranclsco; stmr "Pleiades, for . San
Francisco. ''¦'¦-. ' •
NEWPORT— Sailed Sept. 18— Schr Bertha
Dolbeer, for Eureka. •¦ • - - • • . . -.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed ¦ Sept -16— Ger . ship'
Pera. for Hamburs. ... ; ,
CRESCENT CITY-Salled Sept 16-Stmr
Crescent City, for San 'Francisco. • ¦-¦-'-.
, GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Sent 16— Schr
Oceana Vance, for San Pedro. ;
ASTORIA— Arrived Sent 16— Stmr Geo ,W
Elder, hence Sept. 13; Nor Btmr Kvarven, from
Comox. • ¦ ' -¦•-> ¦•-'-'•• .'^i'. ¦
Sailed Sept 16— Br ship (Salcate. for Unite J
Kingdom; USstrar Philadelphia, for-- .
( PORT H ARTFORD^-Arrlved Sept • 16— Stmr
Noyo, from Kiireka'. '"•' "¦:
PORT LO3 ANGELES— Arrived Sept 16—
Stmr Mlneolal'from Nanaimo. :¦ •
SOUTH BEND- Sailed SeDt 16— .Stmr Sfgrnal,
for San Francisco. • \ . , • -,.-.-¦.
NOYO— Sailed Sept 15— Br stmr' Buckingham,
for Quayaquil. . . ¦ . ¦ .... .
¦ DOMESTIC' PORTS. ¦
REDONDO— Arrived Sept- 15— Stmr =.;W H
Kru£er, from — — . . ¦ ¦ • ;> > .- :
LONDON. Sept. 1C— Br ship Thistle, from
Portland for Queenstown/ passed Lizard with
fore and main topgallant masts and mizzen
topgallant, mast cone. Ger bark Paul Isen
berg, from Portland for Queenstown, ashore at
entrance of harbor of Queenstown; blowing a
pale. Assistance. has been sent. Got of! and
is now cafe in tiarbor. Makes no water. ' " • .
Per ship Euterpe — While coming to anchor
lost starboard anchor. .. ¦ .
' SPOKEN. - ¦¦ V
Aug 21— Lat 8 S, Ion 34 W, Ft bark Constable
de Rlchemond, from Swansea, : for San Fran
cisco. Sept 1 — 45 miles north of Ushand, Fr
bark Vendee, from Shields, for Oregon.' :•:
MISCELLANEOUS,
POINT LO BOS, Sept. .16, 10 p. m.— Weather
foggy; wind west, velocity" 12 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
SAILED.
Monday. September 16.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka.
Stmr Callfornlan, Lyons, .New York.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen. Mendoclno.
U S stmr Warren. Barnes jn, Manila.
(ier stmr Serapfs, Rlchert. Hamburg, etc.
Br ship Emtelhorn, Levitt, Queenstown.
Bark Alden Besse, Klessel, Honolulu. .
Stmr Callfornlan,' Lyons, Nanalmo, Seattle,
Tacoma and Honolulu, William, Dlmond & Co.
Bark Mohican, Kelly, Oyster Harbor. Welch
& Co.
Bark.AIden Besse, Kiesse!, Honolulu, J. D
Spreckels & Bros. Co.
Ital bark Pasquale Laure, Laure, Hull, G.
W. McNear.
Monday, September 16.
CLEARED.
Monday, September 16. v
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 34 hours from Moss
Landinr. - ¦ >
Stmr Colon, Macklnnon, 36 hours from Port
Los An~eles. . .
Stmr Navarro. OIs?n, 13 hours from Point
Arena. ' . / ,
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, 14 hours fronvCle
one.
Stmr Geo Loomts, BridEett, 34 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr North Fork, Fosen, 28 hours from Eu
reka.
Ship John Currier, Muchinson,' 19 days from
Nnehasak.
Ship Tacoma, Peterson, 25 days from Nak
nek. • .
Ship Euterpe, Swanson, 68 days from New
crstle, NSW. *
bchr Salvator, Asmussen, 21 days from'Nak
nek. -
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Ough Reef No. 3. a black, seeond-ciass spur
buoy was established September 7, 1901. In
fourtepn feet of water, and marks ; the . outer
end of a rocky reef .extending outward from
the 'Washington shore near the' town " of.
Washougal. Washington. '
Fashion Reef No. 2, a red, second-class spar
buoy was established September 7. 1901. in
fourteen feet of water, and marks the outer
end of a reef extending outward from M he
Orescn shore. ju£t-*elo\v Multnomah Falls.
Oregon,
By order bf the Lighthouse Board. ¦"
W. P. DAT, Commander, ,U. S. N., .
.-^ Lighthouse Inspector.
Government Island No. 1, a black, second
class spar buoy was established September 7,
19C1. in fouiteen feet of water, about 1500 feet
above the bead of Government Island, arid
marks the lower end of a' gravel and sand
spit extending down stream from Lady Island.
ber 7. 1901, the black, and also the red spar
buoy, marking this crossing was discontinued.
as bains' no longer needed, on account of the
change In the channel. ¦ ¦ . ' ...
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-live minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both placed.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights -of .High and Low
Waters.^ at- Fort Point, entrance to ' Sao
Francisco Bay. Published by official - au
thority of Ihe Superintendent.
'.-LIVERPOOL— Arrived Sept 15— Stmr ' North
man, from Chicago and Sydney. C .B, • via
¦West Hartelpool, etc. | •
NEW YORK— Arrived Sect 16— Stmr MTnne
haha, from London.
NAXTES-Sailed Sept 1-Fr bark Duquesne,
for Ort.on.
HAML17RG— Sailed Sept 5— Er shin Penryhn"
Castle, for Senttlt?. • ...
¦¦ QITEENSTOWN— Arrived Sept 14— Ger ship
Anna, hence May 14. . ¦ •
LADYSMITH-Sailed Sept 14— Br stmr Wye
field, for San Francisco: ship Elwell, for San
Francisco. , . .
¦LONDON— Sailed Sept 15— Ger stmr Nlcaria.
for San Francisco.
• ...YOKOHAMA— Sailed Sect 14-Br stmr Brae
mar, for Vancouver;
- OCEAX STEAMERS.
LONDON— Arrived Sept -lt>— Stmr Minne
apolis, from London. ' . •
SYDNEY; NSW— Arrived Saut 16— Stmr Mo
ana, from Vancouver, ¦ via Honolulu (not pre
»Joi's!y.V-"---" '•' • ." v V->V*- i ..- •• ¦ *
I YOKOHAMA— Siyled'-Sept 14— Stmr Braemer
haven. irom HongKony, for-Tncoma.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Sept U— Stmr Grosser.'
from Bremen, for New York.
:. OLAS5GOW— Arrived Se;>t 15— Stmrs City of
Rome and Mongolian, from New York.
Arrived Sept lii— Stmr, Numldlan, from Mon
treal, if' ¦¦' " •• ¦' .• ' ¦ :
Sniled Sept 14— Stmrs> Kalstalia and Sicilian,
for Montreal;. stmr. Sardinian, for New York.
Out of respect to President McKinley
the convention adjourned to September 26
at 8 p. m.
Resolutions ""of sympathy to ! be later
telegraphed to Mrs. McKinley. were adopt
ed on motion- of Leon B. Samuels.
The names selected by the delegates
were as follows in the order of Assembly
districts: ...
J W. Larsen, Thomas Bird, S.- Schloss,
Thomas P. Saunders. J. B. Lewis Jr., J. C.
¦Welch. Clifford McClellan. Merton C. Allen.
Frank French. Thomas V. Maxwell. I. Gold
man. Marc Antony. Edmund Tauszky. C. A.
Murdock. Charles Sonntag. R. H. Warfleld,
Charles Sheble; George \V. Kingsbury.
District -suggested: the appointment of a
committee of one from each of the As
sembly districts on platform and resolu
tions and ' order \of business. This pro
voked another debate, the question being
whether the chairman of each delegation
or the chairman of the contention should
appoint. For a few moments It was ap
parent that- the convention was a free
and-easy one, and a rollcall was ordered.
Before the result could be announced a
number of the delegations changed their
votes, the final result being in favor of
the amendment— the "appointment of the
committee by. the delegates and not by
the chair. ' The' result as announced was
178 for. the amendment, and 169 against.
Martin Kelly took a prominent part In
the debate for. the nomination of the com
mittee by the chair. » "
Members of the Committee.
Walter- S. Brann of the Forty-second
District named Thomas D. Riordan as
temporary, chairman and he was unani
mously elected. There was considerable
discussion as to the policy of electing a
chairman,- %any delegates expressing a
desire to adjourn without this formality.
A heated .debate followed, but Riordan
was finally chosen. On assuming the
chair, Rioi dan t-aid that he regretted that
a motion to adjourn had been presented
at such. an early time, as the law. was
plain *and enforced -updn the convention
certain'' perfunctory duties. . He paid a
high tribute to the deceased President. ¦
"it Is only meet and proper," he said,
"that -we should put a plank In our plat
form, demanding that Congress should
control, immigration; not to shut out the
honest farmer or artisan, but the nihil
ists; the anarchists and the socialists. In
this hour, of our crisis let us ail forget
factional 'differences and unite_ as only
Republicans' can be united." ; . ".
On- motjon of W. W. Shannon of the
Forty-third Dltrict A. K. Daggett of the
Forty-fourth District was elected tempor
ary secretary.
! Frank French of the Thirty-sixth Dis
trict suggested the appointment of a com
mittecof one from each Assembly district
to. pass upon the qualifications of dele
gates, i This provoked another long dis
cussion,- the members not understanding
apparently that under the law the Regis
trar's certificate was sufficient. '
Onmotion of W. H. R. McMartin of the
Forty-second Assembly District the tem
porary I officers of the convention were
elected as the permanent officers.
. H. G: :\V. Dinkelsplel of the Forty-first
. After adjournment delegates represent
ing ; the Thirty-third and Fortieth, who
were counted on to uphold the pro
gramme, denied that they misunderstood
the question and insisted that they voted
clearly and intelligently against the
proposition ' to allow the chairman to
name the. committee. . Politicians discuss
ing the break expressed the opinion that
the manipulators could not hold the con
vention to a programme of nominations.
Predictions were^freely^made that n-juiy
a slate would be smashed before the
wind up.*, T " "¦-' '"¦"-"-'¦'- ' -
Augustus Tilden called the convention
to order. The roll call disclosed the pres
ence of 251 delegates. ¦ Norman XV. Hall
presented. a series of resolutions in eulogy
of President McKinley. but these » were
temporarily ruled out of_ order as the or
ganization of llie convention had not been
effected...' . ;
By a vote of ITS to 169 1-3 the conven
tion upset the Herrin programme and
declared that each delegation should have
a member of the platform committee.
The unique spectacle of the Forty-first
nnd Twenty-eighth districts voting to
gether on a declaration of independence
was presented.
Upsets the Programme.
• A programme motion that the chairman
should: appoint a committee of eighteen
on platfonn and ' j esoiutlons, one from
each Assembly district, caused the sen
sation of the evening. Prank French of
¦ the.Thirty-sixlh and General R. H.; War
field of the Forty-third led the pro
grammers; A motion was quickly maOe
thai each district delegation select its
member to the platform committee. The
first expression on the question was viva
voce and It seemed clear to delegates and
spectators' that the convention by living
voice had in favor of choice by
district delegation, but the chair ruled to
the contrary. Then the storm broke.
Then the programme was broken, in
stantly a hundred delegates clamored for
a roll call. Delegates, fearing that the
chairman would ignore the demand and
declare the amendment lost, intensltied
the clamor for roll calls. Twe sergeants-at
arms were dispatched to the Twentv
eighth district 10 keep an eye on Boss
Kelly. Chairman Ulordan announced that
the roll call would be called, but the din
was so great that delegations could not
hear his voice. > . :
Order/ was restored when Chairman
Kiordan took the gavel, but a tumult oc
curred when a programmer moved for the
appointment of a committee to pass upon
the qualification of delegates. Martin
Kelly rushed to the front and declared
that. the list supplied by the Registrar bf
Voters should . govern. The convention
sustained -him. V: "¦,¦¦;.¦
M?.rtin Kelly Gains a Point.
•-¦ Atter-a "succession of spirited scenes and
sqmc . aroitrary rulings on the part of
Augustus Tiiaen, cha.rman of the County
Coniinittee^a temporary organization was
effected -by the election of Thomas D.
Riordan chairman. Tilden refused to en
tertain a resolution to adjourn in respect
to the memory of President McKinley,
holding that not even a motion to adjourn
could be entertained before, organization
was effected. This ruling, evoked stormy
protests..- . - v ••»*¦'; . '
., -The ..Republican municipal convention
met : and - organized last evening. Dele
gates displayed their independence by re
fusing to accept the programme in its en
tirety. The break astounded the friends
of Herrin and they sought to explain it on
the ground that tne Thirty-third and For
tieth district delegations voted under a
misapprehension, .it was. noted as a sig
nificant tact that Martin Kehy was one
of • the leaders in the movement to upset
the progcarrnrne. The boss did not ascend
to , high flights of oratory, but in ample
exercise ot lung. power he commanded the
notice of the cmtirman and obtained rec
ognition. : Doubtless he is holding his
gr>»at oratorical effort in reserve.
gers:
Lieutenant Colonel Charles A. P. Haifleld,
Ueutentnt Colonel H. B. Osgood and clerk,
Lieutenant Colcnel O. C. Bergman, United States
Marine Corps; Captain O. E. Fecht, signal
corps; Captain E. 1 J . Neweom, Captains C. S.
Raiford. J. A. Bull, M. E. Mitchell, United
States Marine Corps; Captain A. M. Edwards,
mother and brother; J. II. Voss. Dr.- R. T.
Oliver and wife. First Lieutenant L. P. Rucker
and wife. Second Lieutenant W. H. Clendlnln,
Dr. G. P. Dillon, William H. Stanton, Mr*.
J. D. Leitch, child and servant; Mrs. Mason
E. Mitchell. Mrs. Edwin Bell. Mrs. ¦ Frank
K.lar. Mrs. O. A. Leonard. Miss Mary Barber,
Mrs. W. S. Valentine, Mrs. C. F. Kuhn«. Mrs.
F. .V Marshall, Mrs W. M. Crose and child,
Mrs. Ellis Cromwell, Mrs. A? Jones, Mlts
Hardman. Mre. -E. R. Tenney and son. George
D. Brown. Jams? A. Hugrrette. Edwin C. Jones.
It. XV. Jonee. John H. Farwell. Duncan Mc-
Kenzie. Frank Erwin. J. M. Smith. Leo J.
HE United States army transport
II Warren got away for the Philip-
I pines yesterday. She took away a
!A full cargo of general merchandise
and the following-named passen--
Adjourns to Prepare a
-¦¦;:— .. Platform.
¦¦•¦ ¦"¦» ' ¦ i - ' "---'
Effects : an Organization and
An appropriation of $4500 was voted to
ertend the insane detention hospital in
the City Hall and to complete the police
photograph gallery in the Hall of Justice
The Board of Public Works was direct
to to recompute the area of lot number 22,
in which a mathematical error was made
regarding the assessment warrant, and
diagram for the construction of a sewer
In Bryant street, from Twenty-sixth to
Army streets. Flinn & Treacy took an
appeal from the assessment on the ground
that the cost has not been equitably ap
portioned among the owners of the prop
erty liable therefor. Testimony was pro
duced to the effect that the superficial
area was incorrectly estimated at 14.S70
square feet, instead of 19,030 square feet.
A special *n«eting was ordered called in
the Mayor's office for Friday at 11 a. m..
at which merchant creditors will be pres
ent for the purpose of arranging a settle
ment of their. back claims, amounting to
5296,000. A discussion was had regarding
the propriety of paying interest on the
claims, seme of the Supervisors being of
the opinion that no interest should be
paid, while some held otherwise. The in
terest will amount to about J75 000
The Mayor's veto of the permit to ex
tend a show window on Yost street, on
the ground that it was an encroachment
not countenanced by the charter, was sus
tained.
Special Privilege Denied.
An ordinance was passed to print grant
in-- the Santa Fe Railway Company a
franchise to Jay tracks along Illinois.
Twenty-fifth. Twenty-sixth. Iowa and In
ciana streets for the pfirpose of exca
vating and filling in the lands around
China basin. This will enable the com
pany to begin operations at once, as un
der the charter such a franchise must
wait for ninety days before its nnal
passage. Captain Payson. vice president
of the Santa Fe. stated that it was the
intention to remove 2,000.000 cubic yards
from the district, which would materially
improve the property In the vicinity. The
life of the special permit was limited to a
penod of ninety days.
T, T 2\i resolution directing the Board of
Public \\ orks to remove fences on desig
nated streets in the Bay View and Uni
versity Mound districts -vas repealed.
The clerk was directed to advertiss In
all the newspapers that a meeting of the
joint committee on Judiciary, Fire and
Buildings will be held Friday. September
20, at 2 p. m.. to take up the proposed
building ordinance. Reed objected to ad
vertising in any paper but the official or
ean. The Tax Collector was authorized
to advertise that taxes will be due and
payable on October 14, with Reed again
voting no.
Franchise for Santa Fe.
necessary by reason of Judge Hebbard's
decision that the former resolution on the
subject was not signed by the Mayor.
An ordinance was passed to print pro
viding that any person, firm or corpora
lion liable to pay license taxes under or
dinances shall be liable in a civil action
for the amount of the license, which shall
be deemed to be a debt due the city.
The City Attorney was authorized to
bring new suits against the Pacific Tele
phone Company for the recovery of back
license taxes alleged to be due on Its nick
ei telephone machines. This action is
J^L * , ° f Su P ervi 6ors yesterday
™^ tO^ Prl o t the <> rdi nances providing
revenue for State and municipal pur
f^ ES r Or the flscal year endl ns June SO.
1502 In pursuance of the action of the
State Board of Equalization the State
ff 11 £™ " 4S Cents and the cltv ra *e
is $1.0762 on every $100 of assessed valua
tion, a total of 51.5562, as against $1,632 for
last year.
Will Pile New Suits Against
License Taxes.
Telephone Company for
Bate Is Slightly Less
Than That of Last
Year.
Republican (Convention
Is Not' a Harmo
';!-."'. niou3 Body:
SKIRMISH MARKS
FIRST MEETING
BOARD ADOPTS
THE TAX LEVY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLy TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 17; 1901.
A Number of Teachers and Wives of Army Officers
Among the Passengers— Many, of the Pedagogues Back
Out and Some of the Schoolrooms Will Not Be Occupied
ARMY TRANSPORT WARREN SAILS
FOR PHILIPPINES ON SCHEDULE TIME
UNITKD STATES ARMY TRANSPORT WARREN" DEPARTING FOR THE PHILIPPINES* YESTERDAY, i MANY
OF THE TEACHERS WHO WERE TO HAVE SAILED ON THE VESSEL GOT COLD FEET AT THE LAST
¦ MOMENT AND WILL SEEK JOBS IN CALIFORNIA. . . .' . r . . '
5
Sun rises
Sun sets
Moon sets • . «. . ; ."
5:52
.....::.S:16
8:41 p. m.
|Tlme| |Ttme| |Time| |
Date) 1 Ft. Ft. I Ft.
H \V| > L. W |H W
17 .. ' 2:40 -4.3 7:30 2.4 1:56 5.1
IS .. 3:35 4.0 8:10 2.S 2:36 6.0
13 ".. ¦ 4:3d -3.9 S:51 "3.0 3:10 ; 4.9
20 .. oMti 4.0 10:00 3.2 <4:0; 4.8
21 .. 6:4i 4.1 11:20 3.2 5:0it 4.8
• • . L W |H W L W
22 -.. -0:21 - 0.71 '7:40 4.4 12:30 -3.0
23 ...| 1:12 0.6[ S:20 4.7 1:30 2.6
|Tlme| - •
1 Ft.
L W|
) 8:33} ~0~3
' 0.8
10:2.V 0.S
11:26 «0.S
ii "\v ""*
6:13 4.8
7;2i '5.0
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Tier.
San Pedro..'..
Czarina
Corona.-. ..'
Australia.. ...
Walla .Walla.
Newport......
Pomona.'.."...'
North Fork:.
Doric.........
' September 17.
Humbolrlt
September 18.
Seattle & Tacoma..
Kedondo & Way...
Tahiti direct. .;
Puget Sound Ports
Panama 'it' Way:..
! September 1$). ]
Humboldt'- . . .". .-.
Hiimboidt .... ..
September 2O.
China and « Japan. .
September 21.
Humboldt ;'.;..
Honolulu ;...
Seattle & N.^What
' September 22.
San Dlepo^A Way.
September 23.
Puget Sound ' Ports.
Portland . & , Astoria
Point: Arena. ¦.".."...
10 am Pier 2
6 pm Pier 8
» am Pier 11
10 am Pier 7
11 am Pier -9
12 m PMSS
1:20 p PleVi*
9 am Pier 2
1 pm PMS8
9 am Pier 13
2 pm Pier : 7
5 pm Pier ¦ 2
11 am Pier 3
11 am Pier 9
11 am- Pier 2-*
2 pm Pier 2
Kureka
Mariposa. ....
Rainier.......
Santa Rosa..'
Umatnia'....".'
«. W. Kldtr.
Point Arena..
Steamer.
Destination.
SalU.
City of Seattle. Skaguay fi.Way Ports. Sept. 18
Oregon.......... Nome ;&¦ Teller.'........ Sept.- 18
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 20
Farallon.v...... SkaguayA Way Ports. Sept. 20
Garonne........ Notne ; direct ;.....'.. Sept."20
Cottage City...! Skasuay &. Way : Ports. Sept. 22
Humboldt. i Skasjuay &. Way Ports. Sept. 2a
Excelsior.'. : . . . j Cooks >• Inlet & - Way . : Sept' 25
Chas." Nelson. :,! Skaguay & Way.Ports. Sept. 27
Nome City..... -Nome and: Teller...... Sept. 28
Fteamer.
From.
Due.
North. : Fork.?..
Washtenaw.'. . ;
Men) plils. .......
San Bias.-...:..
Femora
Rainier..-!..'....
Crescent City..
Marlcosa.'. .'..'..
Wyefleld...:...
-Hyades....'. ..'..
Umatilla
Uanu Kosa...:
Eureka.....'....
Pleladc*
Nlppbn'.Maru.
G. W. Elder...
Point Arena...
Tltanla..
iBonlta. ........ ¦,
Ocrona.. .....'..'
Colombia.......
Tucapel .'.......
Sierra... ».'..... -
Oltyof" I»uebla..
City of Sydney
.Humboldt' /.'.......::'...'. Sept. 17
TaComa .....;..-..'.....:. Sept. 17
Hamburg &¦ Way Pts. Sept." 17
Panama & • Way Ports. Sept. 17
Humboldt Sept. 17
Seattle & N. -Whatcom. Sept; 17
Crescent City .- Sept." 17
Honolulu . . . ¦. ... . . . ... ;.. Sept: IS
Oyster Harbor. Sept. 18
Tacoiria ......;...;....;. Sept. IS
Puget Sound Ports:..'.. Sept. U
San.DieKo& Way Pts. Sept. 1J
Humboldt ..:............ Sept. 14
Seattle, Sept. U
China, and Japan....... Sept.- 20
Portland and Astoria.. Sept. 20
Point. Arena......; Sept. 2i>
Nanalmo ................ Sept. 20
Reaondo- &-Way Ports Sept.' 21
Redohdo 4 Way Ports. Sept. 22
Valparaiso. & "Way "Pts. Sept. 22
Valparaiso & Way Pts. Sept. 21
Sydney & Way Ports.. Sept. 23
Puget. Sound Ports;.... Sept.^24
Panama &.Way Ports. Sept. 25
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Tier.
San Pedro..'..
Czarina
Corona.-. ..'
Australia.. ...
Walla .Walla.
Newport......
Pomona.'.."...'
North Fork:.
Doric.........
' September 17.
Humbolrlt
September 18.
Seattle & Tacoma..
Kedondo & Way...
Tahiti direct. .;
Puget Sound Ports
Panama 'it' Way:..
! September 1$). ]
Humboldt'- . . .". .-.
Hiimboidt .... ..
September 2O.
China and « Japan. .
September 21.
Humboldt ;'.;..
Honolulu ;...
Seattle & N.^What
' September 22.
San Dlepo^A Way.
September 23.
Puget Sound ' Ports.
Portland . & , Astoria
Point: Arena. ¦.".."...
10 am Pier 2
6 pm Pier 8
» am Pier 11
10 am Pier 7
11 am Pier -9
12 m PMSS
1:20 p PleVi*
9 am Pier 2
1 pm PMS8
9 am Pier 13
2 pm Pier : 7
5 pm Pier ¦ 2
11 am Pier 3
11 am Pier 9
11 am- Pier 2-*
2 pm Pier 2
Kureka
Mariposa. ....
Rainier.......
Santa Rosa..'
Umatnia'....".'
«. W. Kldtr.
Point Arena..
Steamer.
Destination.
SalU.
City of Seattle. Skaguay fi.Way Ports. Sept. 18
Oregon.......... Nome ;&¦ Teller.'........ Sept.- 18
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 20
Farallon.v...... SkaguayA Way Ports. Sept. 20
Garonne........ Notne ; direct ;.....'.. Sept."20
Cottage City...! Skasuay &. Way : Ports. Sept. 22
Humboldt. i Skasjuay &. Way Ports. Sept. 2a
Excelsior.'. : . . . j Cooks >• Inlet & - Way . : Sept' 25
Chas." Nelson. :,! Skaguay & Way.Ports. Sept. 27
Nome City..... -Nome and: Teller...... Sept. 28
Fteamer.
From.
Due.
North. : Fork.?..
Washtenaw.'. . ;
Men) plils. .......
San Bias.-...:..
Femora
Rainier..-!..'....
Crescent City..
Marlcosa.'. .'..'..
Wyefleld...:...
-Hyades....'. ..'..
Umatilla
Uanu Kosa...:
Eureka.....'....
Pleladc*
Nlppbn'.Maru.
G. W. Elder...
Point Arena...
Tltanla..
iBonlta. ........ ¦,
Ocrona.. .....'..'
Colombia.......
Tucapel .'.......
Sierra... ».'..... -
Oltyof" I»uebla..
City of Sydney
.Humboldt' /.'.......::'...'. Sept. 17
TaComa .....;..-..'.....:. Sept. 17
Hamburg &¦ Way Pts. Sept." 17
Panama & • Way Ports. Sept. 17
Humboldt Sept. 17
Seattle & N. -Whatcom. Sept; 17
Crescent City .- Sept." 17
Honolulu . . . ¦. ... . . . ... ;.. Sept: IS
Oyster Harbor. Sept. 18
Tacoiria ......;...;....;. Sept. IS
Puget Sound Ports:..'.. Sept. U
San.DieKo& Way Pts. Sept. 1J
Humboldt ..:............ Sept. 14
Seattle, Sept. U
China, and Japan....... Sept.- 20
Portland and Astoria.. Sept. 20
Point. Arena......; Sept. 2i>
Nanalmo ................ Sept. 20
Reaondo- &-Way Ports Sept.' 21
Redohdo 4 Way Ports. Sept. 22
Valparaiso. & "Way "Pts. Sept. 22
Valparaiso & Way Pts. Sept. 21
Sydney & Way Ports.. Sept. 23
Puget. Sound Ports;.... Sept.^24
Panama &.Way Ports. Sept. 25
Sun rises
Sun sets
Moon sets • . «. . ; ."
5:52
.....::.S:16
8:41 p. m.
|Tlme| |Ttme| |Time| |
Date) 1 Ft. Ft. I Ft.
H \V| > L. W |H W
17 .. ' 2:40 -4.3 7:30 2.4 1:56 5.1
IS .. 3:35 4.0 8:10 2.S 2:36 6.0
13 ".. ¦ 4:3d -3.9 S:51 "3.0 3:10 ; 4.9
20 .. oMti 4.0 10:00 3.2 <4:0; 4.8
21 .. 6:4i 4.1 11:20 3.2 5:0it 4.8
• • . L W |H W L W
22 -.. -0:21 - 0.71 '7:40 4.4 12:30 -3.0
23 ...| 1:12 0.6[ S:20 4.7 1:30 2.6
|Tlme| - •
1 Ft.
L W|
) 8:33} ~0~3
' 0.8
10:2.V 0.S
11:26 «0.S
ii "\v ""*
6:13 4.8
7;2i '5.0
P. O. EL VERANO, Cal., Veranox Station
(Kings Crossing), on California Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral baths near by. Term«
$1 per day and upward. PETER GOUILHAR-
DOU, Lessee. .
BELLBVUE HOTEL.
The only place in the United States where
Vichy JVater-ls abundant. The -only natural
Klectrlc Waters: Champagne Baths; Springs
Numerous; Baths Unequaled. Three miles from
Uklah. J. A. REDEMEYER & CO..
-V. . Proprietors.
VICHY SPRINGS.
TOTHE HOLDERS OF INDUSTRIAL POLICIES
JAMES S. ROBERTS. .;.Assistarit:Secretary
As .temporary headquarters until more commodious' offices ' can be obtained: and
from* this Head' Office" policies will be issued and claims paid. If will be in charge
of .SECOND VICE PRESIDENT GASCON and- of .ASSISTANT SECRETARY
ROBERTS.*. V * '
JOHN /R..HKGEMEN.. :..... President ' GEO. H: ; GASTON!seoond Vice President
HALEY 'FISKB . . il" .. r. . Vice President - . • GEO. B. ¦ WOODWARD '.. .....;. S scretary
419 CALIFORNIA STREET, SAN FRANCISCO,
Has -Established Its Pacific Coast^Head Office at
THE METROPOLITAN INSURANCE COMPANY
'''."¦ ;It has over $62,000,000 of assets, river $3,000,000 of ; surplus; nearly. 5& millions of
Industrial Policies In force for an Insurance amounting to nearly a thousand mll-
: lions of dollars. .•':•;¦¦ .» ;* ; . . . .' ¦>¦!..',' ¦\-'x-:-: ¦ j . •
"" ./^It- paid^over $8,000,000 in death claims last year and pays'a claim on the aver-
age' every seven minutes'. . : v;. ; ; r : ; '• . . i "
* : It. Is .'the most- liberal .company In Its treatment of Policy Holders In the whole
'country, -or in the world. . :r -V "" •• ; l ' • C^-
:.--..[ For many. years It has written more insurance annually than' any other com-
pany In the world. " ', « '...,.¦..;."."• "
I •¦- 'In purely ordinary business, aside from the Industrial, it. stood No. 4 last year,
being; preceded onlyby the New York Life, the' Mutual and the Equitable.
- ' ! The' Industrial field forces— Superintendents,^ Assistant • Superintendents and
Agents-rof 'the Pacific have for the most part joined the Metropolitan. .They will
cair upon the Policy Holders and Invite them to"; have their policies guaranteed
by.' the 1 Metropolitan. 1 . The Metropolitan agrees to, carry out in every respect the
policy -contracts of the Pacific; so that the Pacific -Industrial will' now
have '62 millions of assets behind them. New,] Policies will inbtbe'requireci. ' The
Pacific Policies will be stamped with a contract of. assumption by the Metropolitan.'
::-,The'Industrial Insurance Offices of _the Pacific Have become' the ofBces of the
Metropolitan. . " • , - ' . % * . :: J:.'."'. .;- - ,'.:.._ . - ;
... .In ..this; city the branch offices are. as follows: _'., ;..'*'.-
". ;! T "HT*F. WRIGHT, Superintendent.... Rooms'lMS-l^DonohoeBuildinff.
!. ¦ ' » :AVO. ; HARWOOD, Superintehdeht. 405 Montgomery. St., San -Francisco.
\: The Pacific Mutual Life Ins. Co. has retired' from the Industrial. Insurance
business,;' and. by a- contract with the Metropolitan' Life Ins. Co. of New York, the
Metropolitan has agreed to assume all^the Pacific, Company's outstanding Indus-
trial; Policies, wlth'the consent of ;thej,holders thereof. .-.,,
' ..The Metropolitan is the largest Industrial . Company In the country, being 'as
large' as all the other companies put-together. ]¦ ', t '} •> ; '. -,i~ '. > - '.
——OF THE '¦''¦'
Pjpifip Mlitiiiil I iip lii wniipp fii *
AUCTION!
BY ORDER OF COURT.
FINAL OFFERING OF
Crooks' Estate Properties,
Monday, September 23, i90i,
Referee's Auction Sale
12 O'CLOCK NOON.
At Salesrooms of
G, H, UMBSEN & GO,,
Nc. 14 Montgomery Street.
Prominent Third-Street Corner,
200 feat of Market Street. Larga
fronti ges on Third, Stevenson
and Jessie Streets. The largest
available corner left in this sec-
tion of the c ty. Offered in three
subdivisions— •
1. North corner Third and Jessie sts.. 69 ft.
on Third St., 83 ft. on Jessie st. Stores and
offices; rents $5230 per annum.
2. Three-story and basement brick building
and lot fronting 60 ft. on Stevenson st., 37 :S
it. east of Third st.. and fronting 27:8 ft- on
Jessie.
3. Three-story ., and basement brick buildins
and lot fronting 60 ft. on Stevenson St., 117:$
ft. east on Third st. and fronting 47 ft. on
Jesrie st. Annual income. from these last two
pieces $4000; can be separated and increased
with small outlay.
Choice Piece of Business Property.
Nos. 310. 312 and 911 Kearny street, between
Jackson and Pacific, extending through to
•Montgomery avenue; two frontages. 1 19:8 feet
on Kearny and 60 feet on Montgomery avenue;
will pay well when properly Improved.
Brick Building. Nos. 915-917-919
Dupont Street.
Bttween Washington and Jackson: lot 47:S
feet by 137:6 feet; best location in Chinatown;
present rental {153 per month.
Nos. 832-834. Washington street.
Large,' .centrally located corner brick build-
Ing in Chinatown, northwest corner of Wash-
ington street and Stouts alley, between Dupont
and Stockton streets; 64:6 by 137:6 feet; rents
$350 per month.
Three Lar?e Piece- of Property In
Potrepo District. ; ,
Coming manufacturing center of tha city;
described as follows:
Almost entire b!ock bounded by 18th and
19th, Wisconsin and Arkansas streets.
Arkansas street frontage of 200 feet, from
Arkansas to Wisconsin streets.
Nineteenth street. S. W. corner of 'Wisconsin.
96:10 feet on 19th by So feet on Wisconsin st.
See diagrams for further particulars, or tha
Referees.
J. T. HARMES, 626 Market St.
G. H..LMBSEN, 14 Montgomery St.
P. J. SULLIVAN, Parrott Building.
DR. HALL'S RELVVIG0IUT0Rp?523f
Five hundred reward for any tk>»l"N&j
case we cannot cure. This secret "utffrtl SEX'
temedy stops losses In 24 hour*. ! I
cures Emissions. Impotericy, Vari- 5~&£
cocel'?. Strictures, Gleet. Drains. R!r"TS P*TT
Lost Manhood and all other wast- J44*» tsSH
ing effects of selr-abuse or excess- SSpS . B?5f
es. Sent sealed, J2 bottle; 3 bottles, K5csrrvSB
(3; guaranteed to cure any case. ' Addreia
HALL'S MEDICAL IN55TITUTE. S35 Broad-
wiv, Oakland. Cal. Also for ' sale at lv>73Vs
Market St.. S. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Send for free. book.; *i}%t
A Prominent Southern Lady's Letter.
Miss Laura Hopkins of Washington, I>.
C, niece of Hon. E. O. Hopkins, one of
the largest iron manufacturers of Birm-
ingham, . Ala., writes the following letter,
commending Peruna. She says:
"I can cheer, ully r. commend Pa-
runa lor indigestion and stomach
trouble and as a good tonic." — Laura
Hopkins.
If you do not derive prompt and satis-
factory results from the use of Peruna,
write at once to Dr. Hartman, giving a
full statement of your case, and he will
be pleased to give you his valuable ad-
vice cratis:
Address Dr. Hartman, President of The
Hartman Sanitarium. Columbu3, Ohio.
Mrs. Danley had catarrh . of the kid-
neys. As soon as she. took the right
remedy* she made .a quick recovery. ' ,
Peruna cures catarrh wherever located.
It cures- catarrh of the kidneys just as
quickly as. It. cures catarrh of any 'other
organ. ¦¦• ¦• ¦> '»-
None of them. are treating her for the
correct-' ailment. -I Her trouble nine times
out of ten is catarrh of the pelvic organs.
This .experience has been repeated
many, times. • We hear, of such cases
nearly -every day. A.' woman is afflicted
with kidney disease or disease of seme
other of the abdominal or pelvic organs.
She spends - hundreds of dollars trying
to find, a cure. ' . She fails. "> Why? Be-
cause the nature of .the disease is not
recognized." ' I One . doctor treats her for
inflammation,, another treats her for
congestion, '< another .treats her for neu-
ralgia and still another for nervousness,
and so', the 'list goes on. ;
"I was "afflicted for several years, with
kidney "trouble which became quite seri-
ous and caused. me considerable anxiety.
I spent hundreds of dollars trying
to be cured; but" nothing gave me
any permanent relief until I tried
Peruna:^ It took, less than three
months and only . ten bottles to.
effect ] a permanent cure, butithey
were worth ' more . than as' many hun-
dred dollars to me. I fully restored
to health, -know neither -ache nor pain
and enjoy, life.'.'— MRS: M.J. DANLEt.
-"Anything I ' can do to tell the world
of the merits of. Peruna I will 'be only
too glad -to 'do.* -
Mrs. ,M. ,'J.t Danley, treasurer of the
Robecca Lodge, -I. O. O.F., writes from
124-- First, street, N., Minneapolis, Minn. :
Restored to Health.
A Prominent Minnesota Lady
RID ( NEY | mmiIY ( CATARRH
TROUBLE r G ™ MLLY [0F KIDNEYS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Spring* call : for tickets ¦ by Bartlett Springs
Stage Line.
MILLER & HOWARD. Proprietor*.
port and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect
with trains at Hopland. Leave Hopland at
12:30; arrive at Lakeport at 3:30; arrive at
Bartlett Springs at 7:30. New 6-horse 14-pas-
senger tourist wagons, made to order for this
atase line, with all the most modern Improve-
ments. Passengers for . Lakeport or Bartlett
LAKEPO"RT AND BARTLETT SPRING3
- STAGE LINE.— Hopland to Bartlett Springs,.
via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lake-
CO^IPANY'S EXTRACT
of Beef makes the difference
between a flat, flavorless dish
and a tidbit that would tempt
the most jaded appetite in the
world, & a Ci tli &
MRS. M. J. DANLEY.Stops Diarrhoea and Stomach Cramps. Dr.
Siegert's Genuine Imported Angostura Bitters.*
Dr. Sanford's Liver Invigorator.
Best Liver Medicine, VegetableCureforLlver Ills.
Biliousness. Indigestion. Constipation. Malaria!
J. Gorham Tyssowoski. a young Wash
ington lawyer, has been chosen president
of Clarksburg College. Clarksburg, Mo.
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men ' by the
Press Clipptng Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Choice candles. Townsend's. Palace Hotel*
PRESIDENT AND VICE PRESI
DENT—Subscriber, City. According .to
the accepted theory and practice In all
cases in which the Vice President of the
United States has succeeded to the office
of President through the death of the
President he has succeeded to tha title as
well as the office and all executive docu
ments have been signed as President. In
tho meantime the duties he performed as
Vice President devolve upon the Presi
dent pro tempore of the Senate, who la
law is known only by this latter title.
The reason for this is In the following:
1. The Vice President Is directly a crea
ture of the constitution, whereas tha
President pro tempore is a creature of a
Congressional statute. 2. Ther Vice Presi
dent is elected by the suffrages of the cit
izens of all the States as a representative
of the entire country, whereas the Presi
dent pro tempore of the Senate first by
choice of the Legislature of only a single
State as Senator for that State, and sec
ond by choice of the Senate as Its pre
siding officer. While he he re
tains his rights as a Senator, and whereas
the Vice President cannot vote except
when there is a tie, the President pro
tempore can vote a 3 freely as If he wera
not the presiding officer. In cases where
a two-thirds vote is requisite, as In tha
overriding of a Presidential veto, this Is
a material matter. 3. The Vice President
succeeds to the office of President for the
entire period of the unexpired term of the
.President removed or deceased, whether
that be but a few days or, as In the case
of Fillmore and Johnson, nearly the whole
of Hhe four years. On the other hand, the
President pro tempore of the Senate can
In no case succeed to the office of Presi
dent, for by the act of 1886, In case of no
President and no Vice Presldlht to take
the office of President, the office of Presi
dent goes in the following line of succes
sion: To the Secretary of State, of the
Treasury, of War, of the Navy, Postmas
ter General. Secretary of the Interior and
Attorney General. The compensation of
the Vice President Is $5000 a year v The
Revised Statutes say: "Whenever there 13
no Vice President the President of the
Senate for the time, being is entitled to
the compensation provided by law for the
Vice President."
UPHARSIN— G>A. S.. Cummlngs, Cal.
Smith, in his Dictionary oC the Bible,
gives the following as the definition of
Upharsin: "It Is Chaldean. Mene, mene.
tekel upharsin — Numbered. numbered,
weighed and dividinss, according to Wil
liam Gesems In Hebrew Lexicon. The
mysterious inscription written upon the
wall of Belshazzer's palace in which Dan
iel read the doom of the king and his
dynasty. The Interpretation is given In
Daniel v, verses 26 to 28. In verse 28, peres
(a Chaldean singular participle: peres —
divided or broken) Is substituted for
upharsin (composed of the conjunction U
and plural participle parsin. which be
comes pharsln when the conjunction Is
prefixed." .
BALL GROUNDS— Q. H. f City. The ball
grounds at the corner of Folsom and Six
teenth streets are on the northeast cor
ner, that Is as designated generally. Fol
som street from Eleventh street to the
bay is northeast by southwest, from Elev
enth to Fourteenth streets It makes a
curve and from Fourteenth street out
Folsom is almfst north and south. Six
teenth street , runs from southeast to
northwest just enough at each end to take
it off true east and west.
SOLDIERS* HOME— G. A. N.. Agua
Caliente, Cal. An old soldier who wants
to enter one of the soldiers' homes should
send his application to the governor of,
the home at Santa Monica or to J. J. Sco
vllle, 320 Sansome street. San Francisco,
secretary of the soldiers' home. An ap
plicant who desires the sea breeze should
apply for Santa Monica; if he desires an
inland home he should apply for tho
home at Yountvllle.
PAY OF AN OILER— F. B. C. Olinda,
Cal. The pay of an oiler in the United
States navy, who ranks as a petty officer
of the second class, Is $37 per month. To
be an oiler application should be made
on board of one of the vessels and the
application will be presented to tha
proper parties.
AROUND THE WORLD— R. J. W. f
City. There have been a number of races
around the world against time, and as you
do not state in your letter of inquiry
which one you desire information about
this department cannot answer your ques
tion in its prssent form.
TO-MORROW— Constant Reader, City.
It Is not correct to say "'to-morrow is
Wednesday," because "is" Is indicative
of the present, while "to-morrow" refers
to the future. Therefore it Is correct to
say "To-morrow will be Wednesday."
CHURCHILL— A. M., City. Winston
Spencer Churchill, the author Of "Tha
Crisis" and "Richard Carvel." Is not the
Churchill who recently stood for Parlia
ment in England. The author is a native
of St. Louis, Mo.
HOMESTEAD RIGHTS— Subscriber. Ne
vada City. For Information as to home
stead rights under the United States land
law communicate with the United States
Land Office. 610 Commercial street. San
Francisco.
ARTIST'S MODEL— Constant Reader.
City. Ho obtain employment as a paint
er's or sculptor's model a person should
make application at the Institute of Art,
where artists and sculptors do most con
gregate.
rfO GUN-H. E.. Oakland. Cal. VThen
in actual service captains of Infantry ln_
the United States army are not "required
to carry a guh^ln addition to "sword and
revolver."
OLD MAGAZINES— Constant Reader,
City. Any of the charitable Institutions in
this city will gladly receive old^ magrazines
for the use of the inmates. * .
IN ANSWER
TO QUERIES BY
CALL READERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO oXLt^ TUESDAYvV SEPTEMBER -17, : 1901.
TUESDAY .SEPTEMBER 17. 1001
. ==
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, JV^^___
Aiirttt All Commcnic&tioci to W. S. LEAKE. K*n»gsr. .
MANAGER'S OFFICE. ...... .Telephone Press 204
PUBLICATION OFFICE. . .ainrUet and Third, S. F.
Telephone rresa SOI.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered l»y Carrier*, 15 Cent* Per Week.
Single Copies, S Cents.
Term* by Mail, Including Postages
DAILY CALL (including Sunday); one year $6.00
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday). 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday). 3 r.-onths 1.60^
DAILT CALL— By Single Month 65c
EUXDAT CALL. One Tear 1.60
WEEKLT CALL. One Tear 1-00
All postmasters are authorized -to recelrc <.
aabscrlptiona.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested. . .
Mail subscribers In ordering change of address should be
particular to cire both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAXD OFFICE HIS Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Villager Foreign Adrertising, Kirgaette Building, Chic go.
(Lcrtr Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT: *
C. C. CARX.TOX Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEX B. SMITH 3O Tribune Bnlldlng
-The census reports reveal the, curious fact. that the
percentage of illiterates is larger in New Hampshire
than in Nebraska, but ' New Hampshire can console
herself with the thought 5 that' she' hasn't so •many
¦" Madera Tribune. ' r :„
Some hard . things are said of Governor
Gage because of hls"~successful effort to
remove from . the superin tendency of the
Home for Feeble-minded Children Dr. A?
E. Osborne, who has occupied that posi
tion for a great many years, and it Is not
to "the. credit ¦'Of • the ¦ trustees who" voted
for his removal » that ~,'twp of them' had
been but recently commissioned and had
no /personal • knowledge of ;- the affairs at
that institution. It , appears. to have been
purely, a political trick to reward the pets
of the administration, and the 'welfare of
the . institution had no - consideration in"
the matter. -.A''' '""•?• '¦¦¦';."¦. '. '
Another Prod for Gage.
* For a year past the School. Board of Chicago has
been subjecting candidates for teachers' < places to a
strict physical examination, , and Dr. .Julia Holmes
Smith, who was instrumental in having the rule
adopted, says it has compelled the young women to
take care of their, health. "They have had soup for
lunch instead of a few cookies. They have not dieted
as they used to oh slate pencils and pickles.". -.Such
reports encourage the belief that if the rule be en
forced right through' the century the Chicago young
woman may become about as lovely and vigorous as
the San Francisco girl.
V One of the'noted;automobi]es at Newport is called
"The White Ghost" and' another "The" Red
Devil," and perhaps ere long one will be named
"The Saffron Snake," and then a stranger in the city
will hardlyhave time to see the sights before he will
think he.has got 'cm again. >
Physicians throughout France claim
that this is one of the most Interesting
experiments which have been performed
in our time, since it, shows that the mae
net • may/ be . made of irreat service as a
surgical -instrument. ¦ .
He knew that pieces, of metal had been
extracted from eyes In this way and he
thoughtit barely possible that he ml~ht
be able to extract the aalL Consequently
he provided; himself with a magnet and
having made the necessary Incision in the
skin, he placed it as near aa he could to
the nail. The result was exactly what he
had hoped for. The nail left its lurkinir
place in the child's throat and fixed it
self to the magnet. At once the child's
cough ceased and It is now in perfect
health.
An experiment, the first of Its kind was
successfully performed a few days ago by
Dr. Garel, a well-known '¦ physician of
Lyons. France. Being called upon to pre
scribe : for an infant who was suffering
from an incessant couirh, be fancied the
trouble might be due to § some . foreign
body which was clogging the respiratory
organs, and a . test whiten - he made with
Rontgen rays' satisfied him, that he was
right, for they showed distinctly that one
of the bronchial .tubes was obstructed.
He learned then from": the mother that
the infant had swallowed' a large • nail
about two months before that time, but
that, as no grave symptoms had appeared
at the time little. importance had been at
tached to' the accident. Dr. Garel felt con
vinced that the nail was sticking in the
throat, but what puzzkd him was how he,
should extract It. Finally he determined
to try an electro-maeniit.
MAGNET CURES COUGH.
From Santa Barbara— E. "W. Hadley at
the :Astor House; R. R. Whitehead at tha
Ashley. • , ;• •
From San Francisco— Mrs. Ross Atkin
son. E. A. Bruck, at the Hotel-Bartholdl:
H. J. Carter and wife at the Holland; W.'
B. Clark at the Morton House; Miss M.
Darrell at the Sturtevant; H. Franklin at
the Imperial; Mrs. H. Gregory at the Hol
land; J. Hassenmiller at the Continental;
L. Kalman at the Heiala Square; R. L.
Knapp at the Criterion; D. Knlfth at the
Marlborough; A. Leight at the Hotel Im
perial ;•' J. Llppman at the Kensington
Hotel; j. w. Ludorrici at the Broadway
Central; J.'D. Manning at the Cosmopol-
Ital; Rev. D. McClure at«the Holland;^ C.
C. Nichols at the Holland; H.-C Porter
at "the Hotel Imperial; H. P.^Roach at the
Sinclair House; H. L. Ron! at the Ken
sington Hotel; Miss C. Tobin, E. J. To
bin, at the Murray Hill; C. H. Williams
at the Arlington Hotel; F. J. Benney at
the St. Denis Hotel; Miss M. Callahan
at the Park Avenue; A. K. Edgar at'lhe
Broadway Central; S. I* LIgnyat th'g,
Hotel Imperial; J.'Macy at the Hotel Na
varre. .
¦NEW YORK, Sept. 16.— The following
Californians are in New York:
Calif ornians In New York.
"That's just the trouble. In the sum
mer we must have some hardships and
discomforts in order to make us think
we are having a good time. And. be
sides, they are necessary to make us ap
preciate home at its true value In the
fall."— Chicago Post. f
"Why do you go away for the sum
mer? You have a nic« home near the
lake with a big porch and everything pos
sible-to make you cool and comfortable."
"Yes." replied the druggist anxiously.
"Well. It did,", replied the long, thin
man. "I had to get a cabinet-maker to
come to my. house and sandpaper it off."
—Denver Times.
"I want to offer an unsolicited testi
monial to the sticking proclivities of that
plaster you sold me a month ago," said
the tall, thin man to the druggist. "You
remember that you guaranteed It would
stick?" •
"Well, the night bef are the Fourth I
got all the boys in my neighborhood to
agree to shoot their firecrackers in front
of his house. from midnight till 7 o'clock
—and then I went "out 'into the country."
—Cleveland- Plain Dealer.
"Never enjoyed anything so well In my
life.' You know that mean old hunks that
wakes me up so often at daybreak by
runninghls lawn mower?"
"Did you have a irood time on the
Fourth?"
"Will you please go out right now and
mail that letter I gave you this morning?"
He had forgotten It. of course, and he
obeyed.— Youth's Companlonl
Putting the receiver to his ear he recog
nized the voice of his wife, pitched in a
somewhat high key.
"Is that you, James?' she asked.
Its First Use.— "Maria," said a business
man. residing in the suburbs, to his wife,
"you have been wanting a telephone in
the house for a long time. The workmen
will come and put one in to-day. Call me
up after they have gone away to see if it
works all right."
Late in the afternoon there was a call
at the telephone In his office downtown.
"Is that not enough?" said Pat. "Had
I been an unworthy character, shure the
constable would . have known all about
me, yer honor.'— Edinburgh Scotsman.
Pat Delaney applied before the magis
trate for a beer house license.
"Have you tny one to speak on your
behalf in court?" asked the magistrate.
Pat looked around. "Yes, your honor—
the chief constable."
"Me," said the chief constable; "I don't
know you at all."
J. A. Keating, a railroad man of Port
land, Oregon, is at the California. Mr.
Keating is -a Stanford graduate of the
class of '04 and this is the first, time he
has visited this city since his college days.
: Mr. and Mrs. Lippincott of Philadelphia
are staying at the Palace. Mr. Lippincott
is connected with the great Philadelphia
publishing house of that name.
E. O. McCormick, passenger traffic man
ager of the Southern Pacific Company, is
expected back from Chicago this evening.
Scott McKeown, formerly the husband
of Dorothy Studebaker, is at the Palace
from Los Angeles.
Andrew Smith of the telegraph depart
ment of the Santa Fe at Los Angeles is
at the Grand.
G.. R. Walker, son of the Salt Lake
banker and millionaire, is a guest at the
Occidental.
O. J. Rogers, an s oll speculator of Ba
kersfield, is among the recent arrivals at
the Lick. .
. C. A. Canfleld, the oil magnate, has re
turned from the East and is at the
Palace.
Edward Regout, a traveler from Hol
land,.-is among the late < arrival's at the
Palace. * ", ¦
E. L. Webber, a prominent attorney and
politician of Napa, is registered at the
Grand. - "
Rev. *D. N. Alexander of San Anselmo
is among yesterday's arrivals at the Occi
dental.
F. Moulton. a grain merchant of Colusa,
is among the late arrivals at the Grand.
Rev. A. Jones of Jacintois a guest at
the Lick. /
L. L. Cory, an attorney of Fresno, is at
the Grand. • .
P. A. Cressey, a banker of Modesto, Is
at the Lick. . -\ ¦¦¦¦'¦
J. F, Edmunds, a merchant of Union, is
registered at the Russ.
Mrs. D. M. Delmas and Miss Delmas are
staying at the Palace.
\ W. H. Weishar, a railroad man of Chi
cago, is a guest at tHe~Russ. '
A. C. Morrison, a wealthy mine^wner
of Jimtown, is at the Grand.
J. G. Scott, a manufacturer of Agnews,
is registered at the California,
R. J. Smith, a mining man of Grants
Pass, Or., is at the Occidental.
M. Mendelhson, a Santa Fe official at
Los Angeles, is a guest at the Palace.
S. A. Blythe of Tulare is at the Lick.
The people weep, but not in despair of their insti
tutions. They are all American, the growth of our
genius, and the President "who takes the great oath
over the slain body of his predecessor will not suffer
their least abatement or decline,
He has been a copious writer. .Not being a- man
of inherited fortune, he has acquired what he has by
legitimate business operations and by his pen. All
that he has written hss for; its theme the encourage
ment of truth, manhood and courage, and the incul
cation of faith in American institutions. He has
never hesitated in advocating the right when it was
unpopular. Indeed, he has never made the art of
popularity by suppressing, convictions a study. He
doesn't know how. Show him a great truth, repressed
by misconception and unpopularity, and no paladin
ever exceeded the hero spirit in which he will battle
for it.
He peculiarly illustrates executive ability. His leg
islative experience is confined to service in the New
York Assembly. As Civil Service Commissioner,
member of the Police Board of New York City'
where he and General Fred Grant served together',
and as Governor of New York and Assistant Secre
tary of the Navy, his duties were purely executive
and administrative, and his discharge of them was
without fault or flaw.
That was uttered many years ago, before the young
student had a man's beard, but it now comes forward
as testimony of the first importance to the vitality of
American liberty and its immortal element. v Since
then the career of the young man, who was regarded
as so typically what an American of the first order
ought to be, has been so thoroughly American that
his elevation to the first office has a reassuring effect
upon his countrymen and upon that intelligence
abroad which is in sympathy with our institutions.
The virile and rugged elem.ent in his character, that
has sometimes unfavorably impressed men, has in
fact always been subordinated to law, order and
proper public policy. Expressed by him with great
frankness in moments of confidence with the people,
in his official relations, this abounding sense of life
and force has become the energetic impulse of qf
ficial conduct always in the right direction and for the
general good.
In nominating Mr. Roosevelt for the Vice Presi
dency the National Convention wisely treated the
action as the selection of a possible President, and
sad and tragic events have vindicated its wisdom.
When Theodore Roosevelt graduated at college, a
professor, who had a high conception of his qualities
exhibited as a student, but who withal was some
what cynical about American institutions, said that
the capacity of the people for self-government and
the quality of permanence in our institutions would
be measured and judged by "the height to which they
would permit Theodore Roosevelt to rise.
Under the first plan, Adams, Jefferson and Burr
achieved the Vice Presidency. Under the second,
George Clinton, Elbridge Gem-, Daniel D. Tomp
kins, John C. Calhonn, Martin Van Buren, Richard
M. Johnson, John Tyler, George M. Dallas; Millard
Fillmore, William R. King, John C. Breckinridge,
Hannibal Hamlin, Andrew Johnson, Schuyler Col
fax, Henry Wilson, William A. Wheeler, Chester A.
Arthur, Thpmas A. Hendricks, Levi P. Morton,
Adlai E. Stevenson, Garrett A. Hobart and Theo
dore Roosevelt were elected. Of these twenty-one
Vice Presidents, six have become President — Van
Buren by election as Jackson's successor, and Tyler,
Fillmore, Johnson, Arthur and Roosevelt by the
death of the President.
But the original intent of the constitution has
been faithfully followed by the great parties, and the
nominee for Vice President has been selected with
a view to his fitness for the Presidency itself.
This plan was followed until the people divided
into political parties, when it became evident that
working under it might change the political character
of an administration, since the second choice of the
people would naturally be of a minority party differ
ing from the majority. The twelfth amendment,
adopted in 1804, therefore changed the plan to con
form to the existence of parties, and provided that
President and Vice President should be voted for on
the same ticket, practically, by arranging that the per
son receiving the highest number of electoral votes
for Vice President should fill that office.
THE constitution intended that the Vice Presi
dent should be a potential President. In carry
ing out this intent the first provision for the
great office was that the winner of the second highest
number of electoral votes "should be Vice President.
AN AMERICAN CAREER.
PERSONAL MENTION.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
MISS HELEN MORTON, the most beautiful of former Vice President Mor
ton's daughters, who is engaged to marry Count Boson de Perigord.
second son of the Due de Talleyrand, is the best dressed athletic girl
in New York. She wears the smartest sporting clothes and is the best
all-around athlete among ,the young girls of the fashionable ,se.t. Society
men are united in their admiration of her vigorous stroke on the golf links and
the way in which she serves a tennis £aLI. She is a crack whip, too, and a daring
cross-country rider. ' . ' «
But when society women talk of Helen Morton it Is about her marvelous
sporting clothes, their beauty, style and originality, for she is s.n acknowledged
leader of fashion In all costumes for outdoor sports.
One has only to catch a glimpse of Miss Morton in the ballroom or on the golf
links to recognize In her splendid young beauty the typical athletic girl of the day.
She is remarkably tall, and, although slender in m appearance, is really broad
shouldered and muscular. The wild rose tint of her complexion is one charming
proof of her healthy outdoor life and another is her springy, graceful walk.
Again we rest in presenting the indictment found by the American press and people
against this mari and his newspapers. He threatens retaliation! Well, a rattlesnake may
do that. But William Rattlesnake Hearst must retaliate on the whole people and his
poison, great as it is, will not hold out.
The New York Press prints the following^letter: "Sir: Last Saturday afternoon while
discussing the assassination of the -President" a large number of citizens of the United
States formed a league known as the Anti-Anarchh.t League. We are associated to in
fluence our friends and their friends against the Yellow Journal— an instrument in -.the
hands, of W. R. Hearst. CHARLES B. CAROLAN; President.";
' The New York Sun of the 13th inst. prints two solid columns, of letters from citi
zens denouncing Hearst and his papers. '
Springfield (NlaSS.) Union: "That these utterances have incited to such. « crime is
even admitted by that anarchist of anarchists, John N Most, who bluntly blames the New
York Journal for the dastardly crime of, Friday." . »
Western Christian Advocate: "Seeds of calumny and defamation have i fallen on
fruitful soil. These sheets like the Journal of New" York have printed articles wherein
sympathy with assassination as a proper means of. venting malignity against order and the
laws of society was disguised. How long shall they be endured?"
. Dayton (Ohio) Journal: "At tfie door of Hearst may be laid this despicable deed.
He is quite right in his estimate of the mental capacity of the spawn of fiends. The honor
of feeding the food most 1 easily digested, by the brains of anarchism belongs to the pub
lication society headed by .Willie Hearst."
This and columns like it of encouragement to disorder and murder is being repro
duced in the. Eastern press. Commenting upon it the Brooklyn Times says: "Mr. Hearst
is responsible for what has been said in his own paper under his own name. For the pur
pose of increasing the sale of his paper among the discontented he has permitted utter
ances against the President that 'should long" ago have been silenced."
New Haven Register: "The conduct of the chief sinner in yellow journalism, with
his publications in New York, Chicago and San Francisco, has been responsible."
The New York Journal, Hearst's Eastern organ, said not long ago: "Do you doubt
that Mark Hanna, acting for McKinley, will increase the army and if occasion arise use
it against organized labor, which he so much hates? 'Of course, looked at from high up,
society seems almost as important as the scum that rises to the top of a kettle of honest
soup. Good soup is all beneath the society scum— and very often that scum has to be
skimmed off, as in the French revolution. And our little society is so harmless it will
be easily skimmed off when the time comes."
Chicago Journal:* "Is there any remedy for this yellow peril? Must; it > continue as
long as men incited by a spirit of mischief choose to publish newspapers that pander to
the lower instincts of humanity? This has been Mr. Hearst's idea of a newspaper, aid
he has made his papers vehicles for the dissemination of all kinds of reeking tales that
smell of the muck heap. Just as long as people patronize such papers they will be pub
lished. The, remedy for the yellow peril lies with the community."
New York Post: "Free discussion does not mean freeclorri to incite violence. ."" We
allow religious liberty, but no* man can plead his religion as an excuse for. committing
bigamy or murder. In the same way the advocate of violence in any form/whatever his
political tenets, is amenable to punishment. If he urges defiance of law in a. strike he
shares the moral and legal responsibility for the deaths which will follow. If he "suggest
the shooting of Presidents, even though he himself may stay cajmly weaving silk in
Paterson, his hand is red.'V *
"Slander is not of the essence of the Declaration of Independence, nor is libel
licensed in the constitution. Why should any newspaper enjoy" immunity for obscene
and cruel attacks upon the. man whom millions have chosen as their chief, for. a fixed
term, when, were the same man in private life, a tithe of the abuse would subject the pub
lisher of the paper to imprisonment and his pocket to heavy drafts?
"Have we done away with pillory and stocks ol wood to replace them v/ith
those of ink and paper?
"There .are certain newspapers in this country that Mr. McKinley's assailant
read. Who can measure the force or extent of the influence published 'ribaldry had
upon his vulpine mind?" ".".* •-•¦
Times* Minneapolis: "Among the rights of Americans is that of a free press.
It should be, and is likely to remain, an inalienable-right as a general possession. When,
however, a newspaper persistently, consistently and maliciously misrepresents, holds up
to scorn, viciously and untruthfully attacks, the person and character ; of the nation's
chief magistrate — when these printed attacks are supplemented by pictures calculated to
cast contempt upon the highest office on earth, then freedom has v given place to license
and the offending newspaper should be punished in such measure and manner as would
insure a change of course and a due regard for decency. .
New Era> Benicia: "Hearst was bright enough to see profit to be gained by catering
to depraved demand. He has made money by doi-jg so, but he has produced a monster
in journalism which before it dies of its own rot is, likely to do untold harm." - '
New York Press: "Under the Chicago anarchist decision the District . Attorney of
Erie County could probably indict if not convict William R. Hearst for conspiring, to as
sault William McKinley. It was thought a joke, to watch the antics of the demented yel
low editor who raved that the President of the United States was delivering to 'the
financial oligarchy' the machinery of this Government. ; It was a joke to hear his shrieks
that 'the trusts control the present commander in chief of the army and navy "of the United
States.' It was a joke to hear him chatter that when the starving populace was crying at
the door of the White House for bread 'a fat white hand will toss its answer/but of the'win
dow — a trust can do no wrong!'. It was a joke to hear him rant that the aim of the
President of the United States was to make of the poor men 'slaves in a. pen.' It ,was
a joke to hear him scream that assassinations — the murder of Lincoln—^'hastened the
A'merican era of good feeling and possibly prevented the renewal of, fighting among
brothers!' The' American people did hot approve such sentiments and outcries. -So rhey
took it as a joke to listen to the shrieks of the insane man and laughed' at them and
him. They are not laughing now, nor seeking any more of those yellow jokes. .They
are numb and sick and white with horror and shame. The American spirit has^bnly to
shut the door of every American home in the face of such journalism, in theschoor and
pulpit to call it not a joke, but what it is, the gospel of assassination, ancLthen it will be
dead, its excesses and crimes ended and the American people will march oh to the aims
and ideals of the American spirit."
Reedley Exponent: "The people are now wondering;if jttie Examiner was honest with
its readers when it was cartooning the President and pandering to the worst element. ot
society, or is it now, while lamenting over the heinousness of the crime of the cowardly
assassin." , • - ':¦'•¦• ¦
The Marysville Appeal says: "The Examiner is largely responsible for the prolonga
tion of the strike by reason of the unscrupulous support it has given the strikers, par
ticularly because of its conscienceless appeals to. their prejudices and passions against their
employers. Deeds speak louder than words, and , surely the advertisers of San Francisco
must see that the Examiner instead of being their ally is in reality their malicious enemy."
'Alameda ArgUSI "The Examiner set the strike going all right, and kept it up for a
time, but now it can't stop it with any "safety for itself or its dupes. -That is different."
¥ T, PON the concurrent .lines of its so-called _ policy the Hearst newspaper school
I continues to receive the Jash of the press all over the country. Ah occasional
I spasmodic attempt is made to attribute this to business rivalry. The country
—^ press all over the land feels no rivalry with the three Hearst papers! It pro
ceeds as if they were not in existence,- and treats them only as it does any other conspic
uous evil, dangerous to the general welfare. „.';- ; ' :
THE SPIRIT OF THE PRESS.
MEW YORK GIRL IS TO
MARRY FRENCH COUNT
FORMER VICE PRESIDENT MORTON'S DAUGHTER, "WHO WILL BE
. COME THE COUNTESS BOSON DE PERIGORD, IS RECOGNIZED AS
A TYPICAL ATHLETE AMONG' WOMEN.
6
newspaper, readers. We invite
comparison with any other
Atlas now "offered on this
coast.
This fine Atlas is offered to
CALL readers at the ex-
tremely low price of $1.50.
All new six months sub-
scribers to The CALL are enti-
tled to the Atlas at the pre-
mium rate of $1.50.
The CAJLL Premium Atlas
is the very best Atlas offered
CALL ATLAS IS
BEST OFFERED
ON THE COAST
AMUSEMENTS.
Central— "A Voice From the "Wilderness."
Alcazar— "Th« Taming; of the Shrew."
Tivoll— "Carmen."
Grand Opera-house— "Richelieu."
Columbia— "X Modern Crusoe."
Orpheuzn — Vaudeville.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Eutro Baths— Open nights.
Emeryville Park— Races to-day;
Horses. Bugrles. etc— This day, at 11 9' dock, at 1140 Fol-
eom street.
By G. H. Umbsen & Co.— Monday. September 23, at 12
o'clock. Crooks' Estate Properties, at 14 Montgomery street.
AUCTION SALES.The Tivoli audience was treated last
night to one of the most artistic perform
ances of "Faust" that the history of the
house records. Owing to the indisposition
Tivoli.
Stella Lee proved herself to be the best
dancer ever seen in the 1 , city. Mr. and
Mrs. Karsy, with their "giant myrio
phone," played the intermezzo from "Cav
alleria Rusticana" and the "Faust" over
ture. J. Aldrich Libbey, Katherine
Trayer and John D. Gilbert continued
their sketch, "The Debutante," with
marked success and George W. Leslie and
his company succeeded in obtaining even
more laughs than usual from "Chums."
Taking it all in all, this week's bill is the
best seen at the Orpheum in many
months.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 16.— The Supervisors
tb-day fixed the tax rate as follows for
the ensuing year: Inside city, $110; out
side, $1 60. This includes the State tax.
Santa Clara's Tax Levy.
SANTA ROSA, Sept. ltJ. T Roy Bradford,
a Guerneville boy, was . thrown from his
horse yesterday and killed. The accident
occurred in the street in front of the
boy's home. His neck was broken.
Guernevillo Boy Killed.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 16.— The Schley
court of inquiry will resume its sessions
on Friday morning. Plnns for tho daily
court have not been completed, but the
expectation is that two sessions will be
held daily. , _ . ¦
Schley Court of Inquiry.
, Chutes. '
The Chutes has a good bill of novelties
this week. James J. Mackey is. a clever
entertainer and sings several new songs
of his own. Camelia and Amelita scored
a big hit with their Spanish dances. The
Standard Quartet continue to be great
favorites with their pleasing selections.
Other good numbers are Lynton and Wild,
in a clever sketch; Val Vousden, in char
acter impersonations: Ada Sweeney, in
illustrated songs, and a series '¦ of hew
moving pictures. ¦ •
BERLIN, Sept. 16.— The three directors
of the Heilbronn Gewerbe Bank, which
suspended . Saturday owing to a run on
that institution, have been arrested. The
kisses, it is now said, amount to over
3.COO.00O marks, incurred chiefly in gold
mining, speculations in London. ;
Bank Directors Under Arrest.
Shakespeare's dellglitful comedy, "The
Taming of the Shrew," 'commenced its
second week at the Alcazar Theater last
night to a crowded house. The two prin
cipals in the cast, Miss Florence Roberts
as Katharine and White Whittlesey as
Petruchio. were warmly applauded for
their spirited rendition of the parts.
George Webster has made a decided hit
as Grumio and helps materially in keep
ing in play the rollicking fun. Next week,
which will be the last of the Florence
Roberts season. "Sapho" will be pre
sented.
Alcazar.
SANTA ROSA, Sept. 16.— The contract
was signed to-day for the erection of a
modern brick structure on B street, be
tween Third and Fourth, which will be
occupied by the local lodge of Elks. 'The
building is to be put up by Cornelius Shea,
the well-known cattleman, especially for
the use of the Elks and will cost J'20,000.
Simpson & Roberts have the contract and
will -start work "the last cf the week.
New Some for Santa Rosa Elks.
SANTA CRUZ,- Sept. 16.-The delegates
have nearly all arrived at beautiful Del
Mar-by-the-Sea and to-morrow the Grand
Council of the Catholic Ladies' Aid So
ciety will be formally opened by Father
McNamee. The parlors are being elabor
ately decorated. An altar is to be erected
and Father Hennessey will celebrate high
mass. Father Hudson of Gilroy will de
liver the opening address.
Delegates Gather in Del Mar.
Von Suppe's "Beautiful Galatea" scored
a great success at Fischer's Concert-house
last night. It was splendidly sung by
cqmpetent artists. The Bernards, sketch
artists, were immensely amusing; the
Gagnoux, unusually artistic jugglers, per
formed remarkable feats. Mae Tunison's
soprano solos were applauded to the
echo. Dilges, an aerial gymnast, sur
prised the large audience and Billy
Knight, a black-face comedian, and Mabel
Martin, balladist, completed a most satis
factory programme.
Fischer's Concert House.
A large audience enjoyed the production
last night and the sale of seats is an as
surance to the management that the at
tendance will be very big the remainder
of the week.' This magnificent production
will be taken across the continent * and
produced in New York.- Manager Fred
Belasco goes East to-morrow night with
this end in view.
ed and does credit to the artists who per
formed tha task.
TRENTON, N. J., Sept. 16.— Chancellor
Magie, sitting as ordinary of the Pre
rogative J Court to-day, heard testimony
in the probating of the will of Jacob S.
Rogers, the late millionaire locomotive
manufacturer of Patersoi*. John Havron,
George A. Hanna, Frank J. Shadier and
George H. Longbottom, who witnessed the
will or its contents,, were. called to prove
the instrument. Each testified that
Rogers appeared to be a sound man when
he signed his will. As the'eaveators ¦were
unprepared to continue the case it was ad
journed until . next Monday. The subse
quent hearings will be at Jersey City or
Newark. . .'-
Rogers Will Contest on Hearing.
LEADING ACTORS NOW APPEAR
ING AT THE COLUMBIA AND
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
BUDAPEST, Sept. 16.— Twenty-three
persons were drowned at noon to-day by
the . wreck of a ferry-boat which was
crossing the flooded Kulpa River, near
Osalj, Croatia. .
Twen.ty-Tb.ree Passengers Drowned
While Crossing the Flooded Kulpa
i River in Croatia.
WRECK OF FERRY-BOAT
CAUSES LOSS. OF LIFE
. SANTA ROSA, Sept. 16.— A peculiar ac
cident occurred here to-day and that it
did not terminate : fatally is. little_ less
than' miraculous. Mary, the six-year-old
granddaughter of Mrs. Littleton, who re-
Sides in the Hopper block, found her way
to the roof of the building and attempted
to walk across a skylight. She fell
through the glass and down the light
wcll, a distance of fifty feet, landing in
the harness-room of a livery stable below
and directly on the shoulders of Oliver
Cottrell, who was washing harness. The
child escaped with very slight bruises.
Cottrell is laid up for repairs, but will
recover.*
for Repairs.
Who Is Temporarily Laid Up
Strikes on the Shoulders of a Man,
CHILD FALLS FIFTY FEET
| AND ESCAPES TTNSCATHED
To ¦ Mrs.' McKinley, Buffalo: Please accept
my deepest and heartfelt sympathy at the
cruel blow that has fallen on you. MINTO.
To the Secretary, of State, of the United
States: The announcement of the death of the
President has created deepest sorrow here.
Please accept our heartfelt sympathy in your
heavy loss. - *, MINTO.
To Colonel Roosevelt. President of the
United States: My deeriest sympathy with
people of the United States in this terrible sor
row which has fallen upon them. . MINTO.
The following: telegrams of \sympathy
¦were sent by Lord Minto, Governor Gen
eral of Canada, upon his arrival here: '
At 10;30 o'clock Lord Minto, Governor
General of Canada, and Sir Wilfrid Lau
rier, Premier of Canada, boarded the
Ophir and had a short interview with the
Duke of Cornwall arid York. On their
return to shore a salute was fired from
the citadel.
As the Ophir and escort arrived in port
a royal salute was fired from the fort and
one of the French frigates in port and
also from the citadel. Immediately after
the salute the Ophir and all the frigates
half-masted the stars and stripes out of
respect to the deceased President of the
United States ' ¦.-¦•#
QUEBEC, Sept. 16.— Amid . the booming
of cannon. and the whistling of hundreds
of. the steam vessels the Royal High
nesses," the Duke and Duchess of York,
arrived here on schedule time to-day on
board H. M. S. Ophir. , The arrival of
their Royal Highnesses was witnessed by.
the largest crowd. that was ever in this
city.
French Frigates at Anchor in
the ?ort Fire a Royal
• Salute. • .
The Duke and Duchess
of York Arrive at
'Quebec.'.
BOOMING CANNON
WELCOME THEM
.Comedy at Columbia a Queer Mix-Up of Socialism, Senti
mentalism and Pathos, With Occasional Glints of Genu
ine Humor Thht Make Audience Hope for Better Things
ROSENFELD'S PLAY, "A MODERN CRUSOE,"
NOT QUITE BAD ENOUGH TO BE FUNNY
TERBIBLE FATE
OF GOAL MINERS
Terrific Gas ' Explosion
Caves in Mouth of
the Shaft.
in the Levels Are Be-
yond Ail Aid.
One Hundred Men at Work
COLORADO SPRINGS. Colo., Sept. 16.—
A frightful gas explosion occurred at 5:30
this evening in the coal mine of the Colo
rado Fuel and Iron Company at Spring
Gulch, probably resulting In the death of
all the miners at the time engaged in
•work, estimated to be 100 men.
The concussion of the explosion was ter
rific and the entire entrance to the shaft
•was badly caved in.
Three men were rescued from near the
entrance soon after the explosion, but
un^c^n?zr b l f e ri&htfUlly maDgled &9 tO be
The telephone line to Spring Gulch Is
£ 5 of order, and a messenger was dis-
Sfnfr 6 . 3 - 5° > he Pocahontas mine, eight
miles distant. T?here telephone communl-
c r u , on r. was had wlth Glenwood, and a spe
cial Midland train was ordered. All the
doctors in Glenwood Springs were at once
sent to the scene of the accident. No
definite Information has yet been received
here as to the number of men killed, but
it Is supposed that the men at this mine
wor«c until 6 o'clock except those who do
contract work, and in that event it is
thought that almost 100 men must have
been in the mine at the time of the ex
plosion. There is not one chance in a
thousand for any of them to escape with
their lives. .
The following casualties are known to
have occurred. Killed:
JOHN ANDRES.
GEORGE CASSENGER.
PETER DELDORA.
DAVID COLLER.
P. G. PICKERTON.
Unknown Italian. -
Injured: J. H. DIckerson. slightly
burned; William Reed, slightly burned;
Joseph Peters, leg broken.
ODD FELLOWS IN" ANNUAL
SESSION AT INDIANAPOLIS
The Report of the Grand Sire Shows
a Remarkable Increase in
Membership.
INDIANAPOLIS. Ind., Sept. 16.— This
city will this week entertain the Sov
ereign Grand Lodge and Patriarchs Mil
itant. I. O. O. F. Intertwined with the
decorations are streamers of black, as a
token of respect to the late President
McKinley.
The first general session ol the Sov
ereign Grand Lodge was held at noon
to-day. Grand Sire A. C. Cable of Cov
ington, Ky., reported that during the
year ending December 3L 1900, there had
been 173.826 Initiations, of which 2075 were
in the foreign jurisdictions.
The total amount spent in relief was
$3,736,642, an increase of $41,205, which,
however, is a much smaller increase than
for the preceding- year. The total in
crease of revenues of all subordinate
branches was $4SS,810. During this period
the expenses increased $379,733 (a gain
over 1S99) and the surplus revenue
amounted to $1,737,322, out of which the
increased amount of Invested funds ($929,
22$) came.
BOTZHI CASE TN HUTTED
STATES SUPREME COTJBT
ILecord on Appeal Taken by the De-
f endant's Attorneys Is Filed
at Washington.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 16.— The record
in the case of Mrs. Cordelia Botkln was
filed to-day in the United States Supreme
Court. She is under sentence of life im
prisonment in San Francisco for the
nurder of Mrs. John P. Dunning, in Del
aware, three years ago. by sending to her
a box of poisoned candy. The present
proceeding originates in a petition for
a writ of habeas corpus based upon the
plea that her trial should have taken
place in .Delaware, whef> Mrs. Dunning
died, and not in California. The petition
was denied by the State courts of Cali
fornia and Mrs. Botkin brings the case
to the Supreme Court on a writ of error.
Eureka's Exposition Opens.
EUREKA, Sept. 16.— The second annual
exposition of the combined Ninth District
Agricultural and the Eureka Mechanical
Fair associations opened this evening.
Roncovieri's band will supply music dur
ing the week. The booths of the mer-,
chants and the general display are better'
than in any previous year. As a mark of
respect for the memory of President Mc-
Kinley the pavilion will remain closed on
the day of the funeral. The services of
Roncovieri's band have been tendered by
the fair committee to the citizens' com
mittee having in charge the local Presi
dential obsequies.
Woman Forger Remanded for Trial.
LONDON, Sept. 16.— Marie Josephine,
Eastvick of Philadelphia, charged with
having forged a railroad certificate to the
value of $100,000, was again remanded at
the Guildhall Police Court to-day. She
looked extremely ill and was evidently in
pain. Although formally remanded until
September 23, the prisoner is -not likely
to rearcear in court until October 1. when
the preliminary Inquiry will be completed.
.< Soils a Railroad Franchise.
I^ONG BEACH. Sept. 16.— The City
Council to-night sold a franchise for a
railroad extending: from the ocean front
to the northern city limits to W. H. Hola
bird for 56610. It is supposed that Hola
blrd is acting for the Southern Pacific
Company. ;.:.-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLf; TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1901.
Special train excursion leaving San
Francisco. 8 a. m., \ Saturday, . October 5.
Daylight trip through scenerjrof Sierras,
arriving Lake Tahoe for ¦ dinner. Very
low hotel rates. Tickets good for a- week
on "'- regular.-- trains ¦;': returning. Fishing,
hunting, boating at their best. ¦, Free lit
erature - 613 Market street. . Round' trip,
Including lake journeys,' $8 50.
Lake Tatioe for Eight Fifty.
"A Voice From the Wilderness" has
undergone quite a change and for the
better. The- pruning knife has been used
and the powerful Biblical drama is given
with greater force. Last night' ; Howard
Scott.' the popular actor, \ portrayed - ; the
part of Herod. He displayed great ability
in this most difficult part and was given
many curtain calls for his • clever work.
The second act: was cut down in; places,
thus 'saving twelve minutes. The follow
ing act has been completely changed -by
the stage manager, and as. a, result runs
more smoothly and the climax at the end
of the act is more stirring than : before.
The last act is full of life and color. The
streets of Jerusalem are shown,' and the
effect is beautiful. =• The ; scenery in this
expensive production Is admirably paint-
Central.
The lady guests' of the' Hotel Rafael
held a tennis tournament on the San Ra
fael courts yesterday. Two • sliver cups
were offered by | Miss Helen Dean. As a
result of the day's play Miss -R. Bruce
and Mrs. "Wright are Jeft in the finals to
contest for first honors. '.
Lady Guests Play Tennis.
Parents Searching for Child. . -
Henry Elliott of 1209 Valencia street
notified the police yesterday that his-,7-'
year-old daughter Ada had mysteriously
disappeared. Elliott moved from Oakland
a day or so ago and yesterday morning
his wife took the little girl to the Haight
Primary School on Mission street, be
tween Twenty-fifth '. and -Twenty-sixth
streets, and- enrolled her as a pupil. The
little girl remained at the school until
noon, and since she left the school to go
home for lunch has not been seen/ When
last seen she wore a gingham dress, blue
hat and.' a blue coat. . ¦>
Joseph Haworth gives the wily Cardinal
Prime Minister a very flattering imper
sonation, but one in accord with Bulwer's
estimate of the statesman priest. The
well-known lines receive full justice ' at
his hands, although his interpretation dif
fers in many particulars from, that of the
old and fondly . remembered Richelieus
that have trod the boards before. But
be that as it may, Mr. Haworth's per
formance was a very satisfying one, and
was thoroughly enjoyed and appreciated
by an audience, critical, it is true, but not
cold, as was evidenced- by the warm ap
plause bestowed upon Mr. Haworth and
Florence Stone, whose Julie de Mortlmar
was all that could be desired. . The play
affords Mr. Haworth the opportunity that
he makes the most of, and that enables
him to give the San Francisco public a
taste of his real quality. The piece is
splendidly scened and costumed, and the
setting of the gardens of the Louvre .in
the fourth 'act are especially applauded
and admired. The star is to be congratu-"
lated upon the support given him by Her
schell Mayall, whose De Mauprat is virile
and soldierly, as the author intended that
it should be. Mr. Mayall divided the hon
ors with Mr. Haworth and Miss Stone and
well earned them. Harry . Plimmer's De
Baradas may be criticized on the score
of being, a little too dramatic, but that
fault is preferable to the opposite ex
treme, and when we can't get what we.
want on the stage we are thankful for
the next best. Richelieu is a success,
abounding in clean, honest work, and de
serves the best reception that the theater
going public can bestow. 1
Grand Opera-House.
of Montanari Slgnorina Barbareschi sang
the role of Marguerite, considerably to the
betterment of the balance of the opera.
The part is much more grateful to Bar
bareschi than to Montanari, and the
former Is Indeed doing excellent service
this season. The cast as now arranged
is the best-balanced and most effective of
the season— Dado in his splendid Mephis
to, Agostinl's fine Faust and Salassa a
magnificent Valentine. The Siebfcl of Pol
lettinl has also improved amazingly this
week, and her hearty encore for . the
"Flower Song" was well won. Barba
reschi sings to-morrow evening also, and
the opera is decidedly worth hearing. To
night "Carmen" is again the bill, with the
same cast as last week. Those holding
tickets for last Saturday's matinee and
for Thursday evening next are requested
to exchange them as early as possible.
"Nabucco," a rarely heard Verdi opera,
with Salassa In the fine name part, Is one
of next week's attractions.
The Orpheum, as usual, was crowded to
its utmost capacity last night, and every
number on the new programme was
heartily applauded. Dorothy Morton sang
splendidly and was rewarded with three
encores. "The Bridegroom's Reverie,"
presented by "the Misses Delmore and
Walter Caryll, is a pretty piece, full of
romantic novelty.
Ernest Hogan became hoarse, so often
did he have to reappear on the stage, and
Orpheum.
The rest are cardboard figures merely,
with about the same relation to life as
tha ancient and respectable tintype, and
the acting is on a par with the author's
conceptions. The plot is sufficiently In
genious, - and . handled differently would
have made a success, but the treatment
is haphazard in the extreme and the hit
of the evening was the coon song lugged
In by the ears when Mr. Seabrooke < wisely
decided there was nothing better to do.
After the hopeless muddle of the first
act the second flops unexpectedly into a
mildly humorous scene and the audience
hoped for better things. But the third
act, where the heroine,' attired in dodo
birds and a Parisian cut of a Samoan
bark toilet, with a similar inspiration to
Mr. Seabrooke's, is persuaded Into a
timid cakewalk, effectively disposed of
any expectations of that kind and the
impatient ones who did not leave after
the second act found their way out then.
One caught a glimpse of what Mr. Sea
brooke can do when he is not trying to
play multi-millionaires, and one. wished
him, for his own sake, safe in the bosom
of the Orpheum, where he belongs. He
has the pleasantest voice in a song, and
if he would but yield to his own inclina
tion and sing some more, it, would be bet
ter for the play. Lynn Pratt, In his sup
port, shows possibilities. Leighton Leigh,
Helen Gladstone and Isabella Evesson are
also much better than their parts.
GUISARD.
"Not quite bad enough to bo funny,"
I heard my neighbor at the Columbia
say last night, after three acts .of Mr.
Sydney Rosenfeld's new comedy, "A Mod
em Crusoe." And that is as fit and pat
phrasing of the truth as may be. "A Mod
ern Crusoe," If worse, would be funnier.
It Is a queer v mlx-up of socialism, sentt
mentallsm and : pathos, with occasional
glints of genuine humor in the plot, and
a lavish absence of anything approach
ing character drawing. Mr. Seabrobke
has the only part of any weight In the
play— a multi-millionaire helplessly de
pendent on the push-the-button- habit,
who Is cast on a desert Island— and he is
evidently not at his best in it.
7
"GOLD DUST."
s To-morrow, Wednesday, September 18, the day of %
$ President (McKinley's public obsequies at Washington, %
%T>. C., we will give to eacti visitor to The Emporium a %
$ copy of the i'3\(ew York Herald of April 15, 1863, contain- *
J tngj the first- accounts of President Lincoln's assassination. J
% These papers are reproduced from one of the two sets of *
J original plates that are now known to be in existence. £
* They) are ''very 1 interesting mementoes at this time. We
j will mail a copy free to any address outside of city thai is .%
*: sent to us. *
\Romnant £?ay f
§ jm a i43 MX85S *& E3 *?
I ai&JBwS 3 # H MS I
jf , The always-watched-f or Monthly Remnant Sale:*
* in the Big Store takes p!ace to-dav. As usual, from %
£ one-quarter to one-third is taKen of! the already reduced §
% remnant prices— for this day only. $
! ''4 Oil %Off I
I SilK Remnants in lengths 1000 Remnants ol Ribbons %
.a flings, etc. ' . / neck or hair — all widths j»
I Plain Talfctas, and coIors - *
if. Fancy Talletas,. == 5r
§ Pcau de Soie, .
g Colored ConJcd Silk, 1500 Veiling Remnants— .«
. Printed Indias, ~ , ' . ,, , . "5
| Choice Foulards, Good » desirable styles, in .£
|'| Colored Satins, Tuxedo mesh, with che- I
& Plain Black Talletns, . <|
jf: Black Pcau dc Soie, nille spots. *
BlacK Grenadines, f . x
J Etc., Etc., Etc. .«
tf ===== laccs » 3f
*• Lace Curtams, Dress Trimmm^s, . %
g Curtain Swisses, Esprit'Ncts, jj
jf Curtain Nets, _ rh;n m * * S
«C Curtain Muslins, ; tninons,
I SilKolincs, All-Overs, J
jj= , ; • ¦ Sateens. Embroideries,
g Art Tickings, Drapery Nets, *
I |
$ Burlaps, BuHlmfls, Braids, j«
J Furniture Tapestry, Etc. . [ Etc^ Etc, Etc 's
i AH- Wool Striped Albatross. |
JC For" waists, house gowns,' etc., '28 inches wide, in four different stripes and °&
IP twelve new shades of colorings, the regular price of which is jr
50c per yard — on sale to-day only iJ^5C* «V
I Damaged Goods — :|
I , Grocksry B&pf, 5
Thh mo-ning we p!acc on sale, at prices to Ss v^- ar^ **
close them cut in one day, the hundreds of 3»
ti pieces of Crockery, Ornaments, etc., from our Fw' m
?» new Fall shipments, that have be:n ch : pp;d •*
af and cracked in transit and in packing and' 4j^K§^^^ l?CM3'^2 J&r "*
jf unpacking. Some of the articles are damaged so T */p^^ ?A /£?$&£$& 5»
&^ slightly as to be scarcely noticeable ; others have 'x
imperfections that hurt their appearance, but do V
K not destroy their usefulness.. JS
tf This lot includes Dish ss of all kinds, Vases, Ornaments, Flower Pots, jj
Jardinieres, etc. , and those who have attended our previous damaged goods 3*
*£ sales know how quickly they wiil go at Jr
§ A fraction of regular prices* $
i : : : — S
& " 9* tfai#il^g4»n 1R file ff^yaar, " B| "^
K CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST.-A-nERICAS GRANDEST STORE. *•«
THE EMPOBHTM.
V; AMUSEMENTS.
tf*iflB IIBI&I@flA m FBAHCISCO'S'
V y &«U aw! f» 1 M IEADIIIQ THEATRE
This Theater Will Be Closed Thursday Night.
Every Call subscriber is en-
titled to a copy, of this fine
book at the premium price of
$1.50. None but CALX read-
ers are entitled to the Atlas.
Another carload of Call
Premium Atlases left Chicago
Thursday, September 12. They
will arrive in this city, and be
ready for distribution about
September 23.
CALL ATLASES
WILL SOON BE
READY FOR ALL
¦ AMUSEMENTS. _^
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
NOTICE— Those holding seats for last Satur-
day's matinee and for Thursday, Sept. 19,
please exchange, the same at once. No per-
formance .Thursday. _
To-Nlght Sunday Night and Saturday Matinee.
"CARMEN."
Wednesday, Friday, Saturday.
Next Monday— "NABUCCO" (Nebuchadnezzar).
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 50c and- 73c.
. ¦ Telephone Bush 9. |f^.
BEtASCO^oTMALC^lj^^
< » ' HUSH CfttHMX
TO-NIGHT AND ONLY 3 NIGHTS . MORE.
LAST MATINEE NEXT SATURDAY.
The Greatest Triumph Known in Years.
Edw.- Eisner's Spectacular Biblical Drama.
A VOiCB FROM
THE : •'¦WILDERNESS,
Engagement of the'Eminent Am srican Actor.
ROBFRT E»O\A/M*rMG.
This Theater Will Be Closed Next Thursday.
.... r,. Evenings. .....10c, 15c, 23c. 33c,' 50c
1 iUv' •> Matinees ...10c, 15c. 25c
BEGINNING NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE.
Next Sunday Evening and All Next -"Week.
LITTLE LORD FAUNT LEROY.
Racing, fe| Racing
. . \J v
AT CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB TRACK AT
EMERYVILLE.
Under the Auspices of the
GOLDEN GATE RACING ASSOCIATION.
Beginning L MONDAY. Sept., 16— Continuing
Eight Days.
Great TROTTING and PACING Eyents.
Three or More RUNNING RACES Each Day!
Berkeley trains meet boats from foot of Mar-
ket street every half-hour direct to track. *
RACING!. RACING! RACING!
McKENZIE MUSICAL SOCIETY.
As '. the funeral , of ' our » lamented President
occurs September 19, our, concert has been
postponed to the following Thursday, Septem-
ber 26, at Odd Fellows' Hall. •
PRICES-$1 SO, $1, 73c. 50c, 3oc and 23c.
An admirable supporting company. • including
MISS ISABELLE EVESSON. • ..
In Sydney Rosenfeld's Romantic Comic Play.
A MODERN CRUSOE.
TH « 0S SEABROOKE
. . A JOLLY GOOD PLAY! '
AN. EXHILARATING PERFORMANCE;
2 .WEEKS, INCLUDING SUNDAYS.
MATINEE SATURDAY. ,
MR. MELVILLE STOLTZ Presents •
and Company, Mr. and Mrs. Karsy
and Their Giant Myriophone, Stel-
la Lee,' Marsh and Sartella, George
"W. ' Leslie and Company, Ernest
Hogan, Libby, ;_ Thayer . and - Gil-
bert, and the Biograph.
.Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Box Seats
and Opera Chairs, 50c. .
The Newest ; of the: New !
Dorothy Morton,- the Misses Delmore
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Every Evening tills Week Except Thursday, i
Tremendous Success of
JOSEPH HAWORTH
In a Grand Scenic Production of Sir Edward !
Lytton Bulwer's Masterpiece,
"RICHELIEU."
JOSEPH HAWORTH as Cardinal RIcheHeu.
Florence Stone as Julie de Mortemar.
POPULAR PRICES 10c, 13c. 2oc. 50c. Be
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees. 25c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
NEXT WEEK-^
JOSEPH HAWORTH in "DR. JEKYLL AND
MR. HYDE."
¦ hL ¦?' ft C Rff Si. m f S3 E7 r JL Sfc :
TO-NIGHT ANT> ALL THIS WEEK.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY.
In Shakespeare's Beat Comedy.'
THE TAMING OF
THE; SHRLW. ¦.
, > ; MATINEE SATURDAY *AT 2.
FareTvell week— Extraordinary revival of
"SAPHO." -
PM^fWFR'SI CONCERT HOUSE.
f iDtnLn D Admission 10c.
Von Suppe'a "BEAUTIFUL GALATEA."
Mae Tunison. the Bernards. Kalacratus. Billy
Knight. Dilges. Mabel Martin and our un- j
rivaled orchestra.
. Reserved Sqpta, 23c. Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
OF»EIM NIGHTS.
OPEN- DAILY FROM 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
BATHING FROM 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m. .
ADMISSION, 10c. CHILDREN. 5c.
B&thinr. Including admlsalon. . I3c : children. 20c. .
PALACE HOTEL. L
— — ; •-• \
¦ For a quarter of a century these \
hotels have been the headquarters of
tourists and travelers who have
journeyed from all parts of the world
to . San Francisco. Guests enter-'" !
tained.on the American or European
plan. . *
GRAND HOTEL.
. . :'
|y "Lot tho GOLD OUST twins do your workl '" ' . ' ft
H // you knew how much Gffeaisei* |l
II makes everything' about , the house than soap does, E|
pi and how much less expense and work it requires, §1
fcij you would use it exclusively.- Try it on wash day or m
S3 TrrVian tmn nioon Vimiea Send for our FREE • booklet, ? ejja
fe| WHen yOU Clean nOUSe...'^ Rules for Hou»ework." -gg
W$ THE R. K. FAIRBANK COMPANY. Chicago. St Louis. New York, Boston. raj
THE EMPORIUM.
AMUSEMENTS. 'LIVERPOOL.. -
Wheat— • "Sept. Dec.
Opening. :'...... "..'.- 5 5% ' 5 7V1
Closing .........:.„ ....5 5% ; 5 7'A
V Wheat— ' *Ji|2 ' Sept. Ja-i.-Apr.
Opening ..2120 22 55
There Is nothing new to-report In this mar
ket. •¦>¦' ¦¦¦¦¦':'.-"'> '¦ "^ • ¦ ¦
CTJRED MEATS— Bacon. - 12c ¦ per .lb for
heavy. 12%c for light medium, 12%c for light.
ll%c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured'
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 14@14%c; California
Hams. 13%c; Mefs Beef. $11 per ..barrel- extra
Mess. ; $12;. Family.- $12 50: - prime -Mess' Pork
$15 ; : extra ¦ clear. $23 ; . Mess, '. $19 ; SmoKed , Beei'.'
14c per pound.' ¦/ . - . ....'', . .;.,
. LARD— Tierces quoted at"; 7%Q So per Ib*for
Provisions.
¦ Flour, steady: winter patents. $3 50@3 60;
straights, $303 40; clears. $2 ROff?" 20: spring spe
cials. $4 10W4 20; patents. $3 40«2>3 70; bakers'
$2 20(32 6S: No. 3 spring wheat. 66V>«Ep6Sc; No. 2
rod. 7nU0j)7OKo; No. 2 corn; 56V4c; No. 2 yellow.
aW05<>%c.: No. 2 oats. 35V,r: No. 2 white ' 37Vi
(WS7%c: No. 1 . 3 white. 36%(?i:37 I ,Ac : No. 2 ry SS
eH9\ic:' fair to choice. malting: ¦ barlev. 54«S>57c:
No. 1 flax seed; $1 .'8; No. 1 Northwestern. $1 58;
prime timothy seed. *5 2.": mess pork, per bar
rel. $14 70<f?.14 7R; lard, per 10T pounds. $3 5o<8)
9 57^4: short ribs - Rides (looseV $8 53«!)8 70; dry
salted shoulders Cboxed). 7 1 / 4@7\c; short clear
side* (boxed). $9 25ff9 35.
Articles— Reeelots. Shlpm«>nt<i
Flour, barrels 4?.ooo . ; S3. 000
¦Wheat, bushels 603.000 ' - 771.000
Corn, bushels , ...:. :..;.K9?.ooo • ?ss oro
Oats,; bushels.' V.. ...'.. 374. 0M 462!ofl1
Rye. bushels ..M.ono- 2.000
Barley.' bushels ,...208,000 '.' 04.001
On the Froduc- Exchange to-day the ¦ But'or
market was F«-»ady.. Crearnerl»<«. 14^)?0c;-Dal
rlen.-li?@17c. C^»ese, steady, 9?i@10%c. . Eggs,
steady;' fresh, 15%c. .
Cash quotations wpre as follows
Morning Session.'
¦ Board— • . ; .
200 Occidental of W. Va 47
200 Occidental of W Va 49
500 Sovereign 30
. 25 Sterling x 33
- v Afternoon Session.. •"•
Beard— • .**
1C0O Four Oil Co .;. '.. - uo
1M0 Lion Oil Co ..¦; c3
£00 Monarch of Arizona . *"* 23
10O Occidental of W Va ..:...... ; 43
10C0 Peerless :.'... 335
1000 Peerless, b-90 5 SO
25CO Petroleupi Center ;.-. • 01
KO Reetl- Crude Oil Co V... 1 .".".*" 33
TO San Joaquin Oi!& Dev ...'.. s Zl'A
."20ft Pterllns- Oil Co .......„.....; 1 37U
"100 Wolverine : a"
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, Sept. 16, 2 p. m.'
UNITED STATES BONDS.
BId.Ask. . Bid a«]t
4s quar coup..H3 114 4s qr c (new).13J *140%
4s quar rtg....H2 113 3s quar coup.. 103 1»
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C Ss.lCG 107 Oceanic ;5S 5s. — 1C3
Cal-st 5s 118 — Omnibus C 6s. 132 —
C C Water 5s. — 108% Pac U Imp 4s. — 100
Ed L & P 6s...l2S%133% Pk & Cl H 6s.lO9 _
Fer & Cl R 63. — — Pk & O R 6s. 117 _
Geary-st 5s — — Pc,well-st: R 6s — —
If. C & S 5%s.l06'4 — Sac E G R 5s; 93 —
_ Do os — — S F & S.IV os. 122 123
Los Ang R os.118 120 Sierra Cal 6s — —
L A Light 6s.l01«i — S P of Ariz 6s
Do gntd 6s. .100 — 1900) AfK
Do gntd 53. .103 — (131C) ..."".113^ _
LA & Pac 5s. — 102% S P of Cal 6s
Do 1 c m os. — — . (i?C5), Her A. 109^110
Ifflct-St Cab 6s. - 128% (1905). Ser B.1W% -
Do 1 c m 5s. 121% — (I9oe) U2Ull"i
Nev C N G 7s- - (1912) .... I 121« _'*
N R of Cal 6s.H2 — S P of Cal 1st
Do 5s ........122 123 c gntd 5s 107 —
Nor Pac C 63.101% — S P Br Cal 6s.l35% -
xt Dq5s ••••;••.. - 106% S V Water 6s.lll% —
Nor Cal R ..S..111 — f Do 43 KrfklO3Vi
Oak Gas 0s.... Ill _ Do 4s. -3d m.- 101%
Do Trans 6s.ll9^ — Stktn.Ga.s 6s. .104 —
Do Water os.102% — \ -
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 77 .78% Port Costa ... 60 65
Marin County. 53 60 [Spring Valley. S8% 89
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... 4 5 Pacific Light.. — 46t{
Equitable 3% 4 Sacramento .. — —
Mutual 4% 5U S F G & E;.. 42% 42%
Oakland 51%— I San Francisco. 414 4*
Pac Gas Imp.. S3 40yJstktn G & E.. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund. — 217 | * •
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .... — — L P & A.. ....153 153V.
California .... - - Mer Ex .Uq).. 16 _
Cal Safe Dep.108 — S F National. 127%129
First Natl ....305 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1S90 — Sav & Loan..—^_
Humboldt — — Security 275
Mutual Sav... C2 — Union Trust.. 1600 —
San Francisco. 5:10 ' —
STREET RAILROADS. "
California ....130 — lO S L & H.'.'.i 40
Geary — 50 Presidio ....... 31 27%i
Market ........ 77—1 <V *
, POWDER.
Giant 74 75 fvigorit 3% 4
. SUGAR.
Hana — 6% Kilauea 10*4 _
Hawaiian — 50 Makawell .... 24% 25
Honokaa ...... 11% 11% Onomea 23% _
Hutchlnson ... 15% — Paanhau ...... 12 —
• MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.. 136% — I Oceanic S Co 43 42ts
Cal Fruit Can. — 96 jPac Aux F A 2? —
Cal Wine Asn. — — jPac C Borax. 165 V —
Mer Ex ........110 . — Par Paint .... 16 ._
Morning Session.*
70 Honokaa S Co 1150
10 Hutchlnson S P Co.; " 15 50
40 Hutchlnson S P Co, cash .<" 13 50
15 Kilauea S P Co ]0 50^
25 Makawell S Co ¦24 7';
J1000 Market-st Ry 1st con us ."."..1»2 CO
$1000 Northern Ry.of Cal 6s.. 112 25
5 Onomea S Co ;" 04 ?j
5S F Gas & Electric Co .'... 42 '3
53 Spring Valley Water ....: gjj 50
« Afternoon Session.
1, i 7 Board—
25 Honokaa S Co. s 90 11M
$1000 Oakland Transit Co. 6s "."l*0 00
5 Oceanic S S Co " 43 «/
25 S F Gas & Electric Co.; •„.;[ 42 50
15 S F Gas & Electric Co....... 42 62«i
10 Spring Valley Water ..'. ; ss 50
— Street—, .
1C0 Hiitchinson S P Co ;...". ; 13 s/p
5 S F Gas & Electric Co. « 25
40 SpringValley Water ;., ..;.. 53 50
- "WHEAT— Paris futures were firmer. Liver
pool showed no particular change! "
Chicago was firm at. an advance of %c, with
more. buyers than sellers and a good specula
tive demand. disposition, to -buy. was ex
hibited. - The American visible supply increased
2.4J2.000 bushels. • .- .
The world's shipments last week, as far as
reported, were as follows, ' in quarters: Ru3-
Bian, 206,000; Australian, 26.000.
This market was - firm and more active on
call, but shipping grades were Unchanged.
Spot Whea:— snipping, IWiftc; milluis, | $1@
1 02% per ctl. .
. "CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal-- Session— 9:13 o'clock— December—
4000 ctl3, $100V«; 2000, $1 00%. May— 6000, $104%.
Second Session— December— 2W0 •' ctls, $1 OOVi;
8000. $1. . . .". " ¦¦¦ ¦
> Regular Morning Session — December— 10,000
ctls. 99%c; 20,000, 99%c; 10,000, $1. •. ¦ -
Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctla'99%c
8000,: 99%c. May— 2000, ; $1 03% ; 4000, ' $1 03%. , ¦
BARLEY— The • market drags along without
showing any change worthy of note. •" ¦ ¦ • _o
Feed. 73*ie75c for choice brtght. 72%c for No
1 and 70c for off grades: Brewing and Shipping
grades, SC@S5c; Chevalier, 95c<jr$l 03 per ctl. j/
CALL BOARD SALES.
,. Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
-. Second Session— No sales. ¦
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
. Afternoon; Session— No sales...
OATS— The Government orders are said to be
about supplied for ' the present ; and the mar
ket has relapsed into dullness. Quotations
stand about the same. • Chicago reports > an In
crease in the visible supply, for- the week of
1.07O.CO0 bushels. . • .. .- , , ,
Grays, , $1 lOgi 20; whites. , 21 io@l 30; black
90e(f??l 10, and red, $1 Oodjvl 20. i>.T.ctl.' '
' CORN— Chicago ..was firm at an > advance ¦ of
1%cV- The visible supply decreased 621,000 bush
els during the past 'week.' The Western weath
er "during the past few days has' been very
Wheat and Other Grains.
The local trade continues to. report a steady
demand for fruits at unchanged' quotations.
While new Prunes" are selling off at full fig
ures without difficulty the Inferior goods car
ried over from last year 'are. not In demand,
and the association Is working them off at a
fractional decline. Indeed. It is reported that
the association has lately placed a large order
at quite a reduction from the regular quota
tions. It is a good. thing to get them out of
the way, for even the best of last year's
Prunes were not over choice, while this year's
are fine.
• FRUITS— Apricots. 7%<S9%c for Royals and
S@12',4c for standard to fancy Mcorparks-
Evaporated Apples, 7V4f?S%c; sun dried, 4<j*4i4c-
Peaches. 6@Ec; Pears, 6®9c; Plums, pitted 4O
B'/tc; unpitted, ,l@2c:- Nectarines. 6fJ6yio for
red and 6i?i6%c for white; Figs. 3tfc for black.
- PRUNES— Old crop are quoted by th» Asso
ciation- on the basis .of .31Ti3'/Sc 'for .the four
sizes. • ¦ New crop are quoted , on the I basis of
3U<?£3%c for the four elzes. ,- .
RAISINS— Are cleaned up and nominal.
NUTS— Walnuts, No.- 1 softshell. 12@l"U c -
No. 2, 8@S%c: No. ,1 hardshell. 10@10%c- No 2*
6%@7V4c: Almonds. ; 13<S14c for papershell io«j
lie for softshell and. 5@6c for hardshell- Pea
nuts. 5@7c-for Eastern: Brazil Nuts, 12(S12%"-
Filberts. 12S12%c; Pecans. U@13c; Cocoanuts"
$3 50@5. * . . . '
.HONEY— Comb, 12@12%c for bright and 10©
12c{for light amber; water white extracted 5V
06c; light amber extracted. 4%®5c; dark 4(3
4y 4 c. . - ¦¦ • ¦-¦¦¦¦ ¦ ¦ .- " .« :
BEESWAX— 2:@28c per lb. . •
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 83%
Sterling Exchange, sight — '¦ 4 8u!i
Sterling Cables — 4 87V*
New * ork Exchange, sight — ; iu
New York Exchange, telegraphic — ' 12%
Silver, per ounce — cgu
Mexican Dollars.- nominal.... 1 .... 47 © tl^ x
Exchange and Bullion.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2— . , . '
September... 68% 68T4 • 68V4 tSK
December 70V4 71V4 70V4 70%
May ..--¦-.... •- 74H 74% 73% 74%
Corn No. 2— ¦ \ s . ¦
September ...: 5>% 56 53% 56 ¦'
December 57^ .53. 57H ,57T4
May f ... ; .... 59% • 55T4 59Vi ' - 59%
Oats No. 2— .
September; . 34»4 34»i 3V<4 ' 34%
December 35*4 . 36^ 35% ?6
May ••••••• • 38, 33% 3^% SS' /8
Mess Pork, per barrel— ~ .
October 14 75 14 77^ 14 70 14 70
January .15 75 15 83 15 72H ]5 SO '
Lard, per 100 pounds —
September, 9 47U 9 57H 9 474 9 55
October 9 42V4 9 60 9 42% fl 52^
January 9 15 9 22V4 9 15 9 17f;
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
September 8 62% . 8 67% . 8 62V4 8 65 '
October ...8 62% 8 70 8 62% v 8 65
January 8 07% 8 15 8 07%> 8 12%
-Cleared — German bark Ecuador, . for Queens
town, with 134,546 bushels wheat. • ..
.WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Sept. 16.— WHEAT— Steady; Blue
Stem, 55Uc; Club, 54«c.
Hi " OREGON.
PORTLANP, Sept. 16.— WHEAT-Steady, at
53<T(S4c for Walla Walla, 54c for Valley.
Northern, Wheat Market.
PORTLAND', Sept. 16.— Clearings. J431.2S7;
balances, $76, 612. . .
Portland's Business.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Nezu York Cotton Market.
. NEW YORK, Sept. 16.— The Ngw York mar
ket fcr cotton futures closed steady and net 10®
20 points hitrher. . ; -'
Good Grapes »o!d off rather better. Melons
were steady and not materially changed.
Citrus fruits remained as previously quoted.
Fresh Peaches, Pears and Plums sold off
very well, but there was a large quantity of
left-over stock from Saturday to be disposed
of, and it had to go low, which explains the
wide range in the quotations for Peaches.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
*' P F-^¥- S -J 5c @*\ 25 »> er to* good to choice
and 33(jj. C5c for ordinary. . . •
CRABAPPLES-60@75c per box. according to
package. ;
PLUMS— 40@50c . per box; Prunes, 4C@7oc per
PEACHES— 3S@60c j>er box and $15©20 per
ton for Frees and $20@30 for Clings; Peaches in
carriers,' <0<&6oc. according to size of carrier-
Mountain Peaches, 35<S75c per box *
NECTARINES— Red. 35(S75c per box
POMEGRANATES— 60<&:SGc per box for small
and $1 25 for large boxes.
PEARS— Bartletts. $1 25@1 75 per box for No
1, 75c@$l for No. 2; other Pears, 3o<g6oc per box
QUINCES— 35@65c pcr box. -
STRAWBERKIES-J8 per chest for Lont,
worths and M@7 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— $3@5 per chest. - v
. LOGAN BERRIES per tfhest
RASPBERRIES-$5@7 per chest. '
HUCKLEBERRIES— 7©9c per lb.
FIGS— Black, 40«275c for double layer boxes-
White. 35@50c.
MELONS— Nutmegs, 40<g85c per box; Canta
loupes, 75cQ?l 25 per crate; Watermelons $5@2."»
per 10O. ¦
GRAPES— "Large open boxes bring about ;a
per cent more than small boxes and crates
which are quoted as follows: Fontalnebleau
and Sweetwater, 35@30c per box and crate-
Tokay, 40@7Sc per box; Muscat, »0@75c; Seed
less, — ; Black, 40@75c; Isabella. 50c@$l; White
«"r.-nichon, — : "Wine Grapes. $25@2S per ton for
Zinfandel and $lSg?22 for white. '
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranses. 5Oc©$3; Lemoni,
Sligl 25: for, common and $2 60@3 50 for good to
choice: Grape Fruit. $1:52 50; Mexican Limes.
$3@3 50; Bananas, $1 25@2 25 per bunch; Pineap
ples. $1 50@3 per dozen. . ."
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits
CHICAGO', Sept. 16.— December Wheat opened
%<BV*c higher at 70%@70^c, the strength | of
stocks being Influential in preserving confi
dence in the financial stability of the country
After touching 70%c. December dropped to 70",!
@70%c.on profit taking fey scalpers.
There were a number of resting orders to buy
which came out on the reaction. Offerings be
came light and a fair total demand sprang up,
somewhat influenced by the- strength of corn
and the market advanced to 71Hc The heavy
receipts' and rather bearish statistics caused
liquidation on the advance, but the market re
acted only to 70H^70%c and the close was firm,
December «6@%c higher it 70%@70%c.
Confidence that the monetary situation has
been undisturbed by the calamity at Buffalo
together with a fear or frost, was the control
ling influence which resulted In an advance In
Corn prices. Trade was local but fairly active,
and although there was considerable profit
taking on the advance the dose found the
market in a strong position. December closed
%c up at 57%(fti)7%c.
Oats were quiet but firm, the corn strength,
light receipts and a decrease In local stocks
giving the market an independent strength.
Local shcrts did most of the buying. December
closed %@>y&c higher at 36c.
Provisions, the most sensitive market on the
board to the action of stocks, were considerably
strengthened by the Wall street market.- A fair
cash demand further; aided a good tone. Th»
market, however, was not active and part of
the early advance was lost on profit taking.
January Pork closed 6c higher at $15 80. Lard
2^ift5c up at $3 17%' and Ribs 2»/ 2 @5c Improved
The leading futures ranged es follows:-. -
Ear. Francisco and vicin'ty— Cloudy or fos-gy
Tuesdav morning and evening, clearing toward
the middle of the day; fresh w»st wind.
G. H. WILLSON. *
Local Forecast Official, Temporarily !n Charge.
Nevada— Fair Tuesday: lirht northwest wind
Northern California— Fair Tuesday, except
clo'ady or foggy alongr the coast: continued
wsrm In the.lnt«>rior; fresh wert wlpd.
Southern California — Fair Tuesday; light
west wind.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hcurs. endlnsr midnight. September 17, 1901:
The temperature has risen over Oregon and
Washlncton and remained nearly stationary in
other districts on the Pacific Slope. In tho
interior of California the temperatures rang*
from 90 to 100 degrees.
Cloudy or foggy wither prevails along the
central and northern California coast; else
where west of the Rocky Mountains fair
¦weather prevails. An" area of high pressure
overlies the British possessions north of Mon
tana, while the lowest pressure Is reportei
from Southern California and Arizona. Tho
pressure is falling along the coast and" rising
over the plateau and Rocky Mountain regions.
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
LONDON, Sept. 16.— Consols. 94; silver; 27d;
French : rentea, lOlf 12Vic; cargoes on passage
buyers indifferent operators; cargoes No. 1
standard -California. . 28s 6d; cargoes Walla
Walla, '^7s 3d; English country markets, steady;
import into United . Kingdom, wheat, 354.000;
Import into United Kingdom, flour, 235,009;
wheat end flour on passage to United Kingdom,
2,390,000; wheat and flour on passage to Conti
nent, l.SOO.OOO. .
LIVERPOOL. Sept. 16.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
standard California, .Ps lldffiGs ll'/id; wheat In
Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady; French
country markets, quiet; weather in England,
fine.
COTTON— Uplands. 4 19-32d.
Foreign Markets
NEW YORK. Sept. 16.— The visible supply of
grain Saturday, September 14, es complied by
the Produce Exchange, is as follows: Wheat,
30.570.000; increase. L 2, 132, 000. 'Corn. 12,502,000;
increase, j 2.432,000. Oats, 6,475,000; increase,
1,076.000. Rye, 1,609.000; decrease, 26.C0O.. Bar-
Jey, 1,215,000; increase, 462.C0O bushels.
Visible Grain Supply.
Business was dull on the morning sessions of
all the exchanges and! prices showed no change
worthy of ncte. The afternoon .was equally
featureless.
The following were ex-dividends: Oakland
Gas, 25c; Oakland, San Leandro and Haywards
Railroad, 20c; Presidio Railroad, 20c.
Contra Costa Water will pay a dividend of
42c on the 20th.
Receipts were 31.600 pounds of Butter.
pounds Eastern Butter, 518 casce of Eggs
cases Eastern Ebbs, 11,200 pounds of Califor
nia Cheese and 4C6O pounds of Oregon Cheese
! 2 TJ ™S£5rf reamery - 24 © 2 *c per lb for fancy
and 22i /2 (5'23c r for seconds: dairy. lS(H'22'^c: store
Butter. lalgKiic per lb; Creamery Tub, lS@21c;
Plrklerl Ron.. 19r«20c: Keg. lS(319c per lb
CHEESE— Now. ll@12c; old. 10^c; Young
America. 12V4c per lb: Eastern. 13®ioc.
EGGS— Ranch, 30@34c for choice to fancy,
and 26£t29c for fair to good; store, 22@25c per
doien; cold storage, 22@22V£c; Eastern, 17@22>ic.
Uealers are quoting a very depressed mar
ket for the medium and lower cracks of But
ter, which are dragging badly. • The fancy
creameries are (holding up better. Cheese re
mains as previously quoted.
In Eggs the disposition is to make conces
sions to effect sales, and the feeling Is not as
firm as a week ago. The recent advance was
very rapid, and as a good many Eastern and
cold storage Eggs are offering the higher
priced -fresh goods are being more or less
neglected. . ¦ •
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Astoria SO. 12 76 52 NW Clear .00
Baker ao.18 66 41 N Clear " .03
Cannon S).9S SI 4C N'E Clear .OI
Eureka 29.i«) •'.<! 50 SW Cloudy .0)
Frtfno W.74 1(W 64 NW Clear .0J
Flagstaff V>. 74 100 4J NW Clpar .00
Pocatello Idaho.30.20 C4 36 N Clear .O
Independence 2S.74 Sf> €4 SE Clear .0.
Los Angeles 2S.8S 74 55 W Clear .00
Phoenix ..'. B. 70 100 70 W Clenr .00
Portland 3". 10 78 M XE Clear .07
Red Bluff 29.76 102 60 SE Clear .00
Roseburg 29.94 S4 44 NW Clear .09
Sacramento £9. 78 S2 60 S Clear . .00
Salt Lake 30.12 70 45 NW Pt Cldy .0)
San Francisco ...13.90 61 50 SW Clear .Ou
K?n Luis Obispo. 29.90 74 59 W Clear .00
Pan Diego 29. KS t& 62 NW Clear .00
Peattle 30.18 74 44 NW Clear .00
Srokane 30.26 C8 40 NW Clear .0.1
JCeah Bay 30.2! 60 46 E Clear .01
Walla Walla ....3O.;» 74 42 NW Clear M
Wlnnemucca 29. «S 10? 4? SW Clrar .00
Tuma 29. 6S 106 72 SW Clear .05
c 'i a o ™ j
STATIONS. 3 =5-32 -:= £-o £
t . a • - c -, »•
THE COAST RECORD.
NEW YORK. Sept. 1G.— Tin in London ad
vanced £1 on light speculation, thus spot
stood at the close .€115 10s and futures at
£113 7s 6d. Home values further advanced 35
points under the same conditions, with spot
at the close quoted at $25 40@25 65. Trading
was materially active. Copper in London was
quiet, but 6s 3d higher, with spot quoted at
£67 7s 6d and futures at £67 15s, while the
local market for that metil was nominally un
changed at 16V4<f?17e for lake and 16%@16'fcc for
casting and electrolytic. Lead was dull and
unchanged here at • $4 3~H. It was also un
changed at London, closing at £12. .
Spelter ruled unchanged at $.4 and £16 15s
respectively.
. Domestic iron markets were nominally feat
ureless. Plglron warrants. . tOfglO: Northern
No. 1 foundry, $15@15 50; No. 2 foundry. South
ern. *$14Q14 £0; No. 1 foundry, Southern, soft,
$14 75@15 23. .
Glasgow warrants closed at 54s and Middles
boro closed at 45s 3d.
Nczu York Metal Market.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 9@10c foV Gobblers
and 12@14c for Hens; Young Turkeys. I8^20c;
Geese, per pair, $1 50@l 75; Goslings, $150@175;
Ducks, $3@4 for old and $3 50@5 50 for youn?;
Hens. $3 50@4 for common and $1 50@5 for
choice; young Roosters, $4 50(55; old Roos
ters. $4(54 50: Fryers. $4; Broilers. iZ<H3 50 for
large and $2 S0@3 for small; Pigeons, $1 25@1 50
per (\r>7.cn for old and $l 60(?l 75 for Squabs
v.? A1 J, E^7 1 2? v i iS ' pcr d02en - * 1: Hare - W: Rab
bits/ $1@1 C5 for Cottontail and $1 for Brush;
English Snipe. $3 30; Jack Snipe. $2 per dozen.
The week op&ned with four cars of Eastern
Poultry, which sold as follows:' Hens. #5 500
6; Old Roosters, $1 50; Young Roosters'. $5 50®
6: Fryers. $4; Broilers, $2 50®3 50; Squabs $2 50-
Old Ducks. $4; Young Ducks,. $6; Geese, $1 75.
Game continued quiet. The new law, limit
ing the receipts, has almost done away with
the Game market:
Poultry and. Game.
• <120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO. Sept. 16—5 p. m.
The following masimum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka SS; Mount Tamalpais. 86: Independ;
ence SO; Red Bluff. 102; Fresno. 100: Los An
pf-les. 74; Sacramento, 92; San Luis Obtspo, .4;
Bin Dl?go. 68.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
CO: minimum. 50; mean. 05.
The following maximum and minimum tem
tieratureR are reported from Eastern stations.
Boston, 7S-6S; Cincinnati, 8V62; Jacksonville,
P2-7S; Kansas City. 80-5'.; Philadelphia, 91-61;
S4-GS; New York. 92-«4. .
Weather Report.
NEW YORK, Sept.. 16.-While still being
steady In. tone, .the market for evaporated ap
ples ruled very quiet to-day ' at unchanged
prices. State, common to grocd. 5@Sc; prime
8U@894c; choice, 9c; fancy, 9»i@9V4c
California dried fruits were' inactive and
nominally unchanged. '-,*•¦ .
PRUNES— 3?4(37c. • .
APRICOTS— Royal, 8>4<»13c; Moorpark ?©12c '
PEACHES-Peeled. . ll@18c; .unpeeled, 6f 9V4c!
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, Sept. 16.— FLOUR— Receipts,
53,705; exports, 41,267 barrels.; Quiet but steady.
Winter patents, $3 50@3 80; winter straits. $3 30
@3 45; Minnesota patents,- $3 65@3 90; winter
extras, $2 50@2 80; Minnesota bakers', $2 850
3 15; winter low grades, $2 30@2 40.
WHEAT— Receipts, 208,400 bushels; exports,
333:200 bushels. Spot, firm; No. 2 red. 76^c
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 74%c elevator; No 1
Northern Duluth. 76%c f. o. b.. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth. nominal. Options opened Hrm
and later advanced on firmness abroad French
buying, good domestic support, ponfldence in
the new President and a decrease on passage
Later, they reacted partially under a big visi
ble supply and realizing, but rallied finally on
covering and closed firm at %@%c net advance
5f£.^-7v 3 - 16 ® 7a % c . closed Js^c; September.
<4%<a : 'iXC; closed 74%c; October, 73%@74%c
closed '• 4 '/4c; December, 75%@76 »-16c, closed
76%c. « *
HOPS— Quiet; State, common to choice, 1900
crop, ll@15c; 1S39 crop. 6@llc; olds 13@l5c- Pa
wr*3 CoaSt - 190 ° crop> 11 @ 15c : 1»»9. 6@llc; olds.
HIDES— Steady; Galveston. 20@25 poun'ds 18c :
fo aH o°u r nds' 2 4® 25 pounds> 19V4c: Texas dry) -24©
WOOL— Dull; domestic fleece, 25<3>26c; Texas,
COFFEE-Spot Rfo, quiet;! No. 7 invoice,
5%c; mild, quiet; Cordova. 8@ll^c. Coffee fu
tures closed active and pretty well scattered
throughout the list. Sales aggregated 19 003
bags, including: September.. 4.75@4 80c- Octo
ber,. 4.85c; November. 4.90@4.95c: December
5.05c; February. 5.20c; March, 5.30@5.3oci May.
5.4C©5.C0c; July, 5.50@5.55c. The local market
cl 25?£ «Je«<ly at a net advance of 5®10 points.
SUGAR-Raw. steady; fair refining. 3 5-16c
centrifugal, 9fi test, 4%c; molasses sugar 3c
Refined, steady; No. 7. 4.60c; No. 8 4.50c •'¦ No'
9, 4.40c; No. 10. 4.35c; No. 11. 4.30c; No 12 4 30c'-
Nos. 13 and 14, 4.Mc; Standard A, 5.03c; confec
tioners' A 5.05c; mold A, 5.60c; cut loaf and
c ™* hed - b °- 7i>c .<" Powdered. 5.35c; granulated.
BUTTER-RecriptB, . 6W4 packages. Steady
State dairy. 14<3)lS^c; creamery, 15V4@'2OUc-
June packed, factory. U@lo\ic. " '
EGGS— Receipts, 6361. packages. Firm. State
and Pennsylvania. lS@I9c; Western candled. 17
@18c; do uncandled. 13V.^I6c.
ST. JOSEPH, Sept. 16.— CATTLE— Receipts.
1170. Market strong on. natives. oth»rs steady
to 10c lowar: natives, ?2 75<fT6 15: Texas and
Westerns, $2 70®6 75; Cows and Heifers, $1 ?5
<f?4 90; Bulls and Stags. $2(34 60; stockers and
feeders, $1 7.)ff3 75: yearlings and Calves, $2 25@
3 ?5: veals. $2 503J5 50.
HOGS— Receipts. 2700. Market steady to Be
higher; .light: and light mixed, $6 40*!?6 70:
medium and heavy. $6 60@6 72»Ac; Pigs, $3 50®
6 10: bulk.- $6 60@6 75.
SHEEP— Receipts. 5200. Market active,
steady. • • • ' t
ST. JOSEPH,
CHICAGO. Sept. 16.— CATTLE- Receipts. 23.
000. including 1000 Texas, 5C00 Westerns; best,
fully steady; others, weak.- Good to prime
Steers, .$6(56 40: poor ' to medium. $4«r!5 US:
stockfrs and feeders. $2 50@4 25; Cows, $2 50®
4 60: Heifers. ?2S?S; canneni', $1 50(32 30; Bulls
$204 .75: Calves. $3fT6 75: Texas fed Steers, $3®
4 30; Wc-stern Steers, $3 7a@a. \r
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 30.0CO; to-morrow, 23.
000; ¦ left over. 2500. Strong to 5c higher,' and
butchers $6 20(iJ6 SO: tr<-r.<i to cbn'« l «'h"""-f «r, <;-,
if?>7: rough heavy. $6 10(36 40; light, $6 40@6 75;
bulk of soles, $G 43@6 70.
SHEEP— Receipts. 30,000; steady: Lambs. 10fi>
25c lower. Good to choice Wethers. $3 8O(7?4 25;
fair to choice mixed, $3 50^3 85; Western. Sheep.
$3 25iS3 7K: native Lambs, $3@5; Western
Lambs. ?4@4 85. '¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ "
CHICAGO,
Eastern Livestock Market.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, lig)2c; String
Beans 2@3c; Llmas,-3@4c; Cabbage, 40@50c
per ctl ;' Tomatoes from the river. 25@40c; from
Alameda. 30@50c; Dried Peppers, 10@12>,ic;
Green Okra, 3C@G0c per box; Carrots. 25©35c per
sack; Cucumbers. Bay. 30@35c; Pickles KfiWc
per lb for small and %??lc for large; Garlic, 2@
o^£* ree , n P f?R? rs> 30 ® 50c P er bcx ' or Chile and
20@3oc for Bell; Egg Plant. 23@50c . per . box ;
Green Corn 25®75c per sack; Alameda, 50e®$l
per crate: Berkeley, 50@65c;- Summer Squash,
i?J 6e boxes . 20@35c; new Marrowfat Squash.
$20 per ton.' .
Although receipts of Potatoes were very
heavy, amounting to 96S5 sacks, the ' market
was firmer, with better prices realized on the
wharf. ' Onions, on the contrary, were rather
weak than otherwise. Sweet Potatoes were
slightly lower, with the arrival of two cars.
All kinds of Vegetables were in liberal sup
ply^ and as there was a good deal of Satur
day s stock on the market low prices ruled.
-POTATOES-90c@$l 25 in sacks for Burbanks
from the river; Salinas Burbanks, $1 40©l 55
5 5c I @ £ for Rlv "s and $1 for Merced.
ONIONS— 90c@$l per ctl: Pickle Onions 50
©7uc per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
G. Vlgro'o uncl O. TVvino«.r.Ti (oip-noro'k with
Hanjep & \v>l!en (contractor*). ar<-hit°ot own
ers— Carpentry, planter, palrtlnsr. nlu*nbln;r fop
alterations and pMlt>^» t**a th-«M>-flat huMd-
Inp and a two-flct >«uildl*>* o n Jot on N line
of Pacific str«*t. 2S E of Scott alloy «nso
Standard Electric C<-»mps»ny of California
(owner) wltb .Alfre* W. "Bun-ell (rontSr)
fby Henry H. Run-U., attorney, with Thomas
W. Butrher xnh-contraetor). architect Edwar<1
R. Swain— Brick rnd carpenter work roofing
galvanized «ron. -. niumhlng. minting, glazing'
etc.. for !nib-*tntion for Ptandart Electric
Company. two-sto r v and ba.-ment brick butM-
Inr^on lot on K Vv> of Verrnont *tre»t t50
N of Alameda, JT ICO by E 2C0, P., N. 133; $C20.
Flizntwth Pldfol* <br JuTPff B. Rarh«r T»t
Collector) t" J.- J. Dowllnw. lot 3. Mncic F " O-v.,
la»"<1'Vl»w Homestead, tar deed. Ojikla"^- m"
Mrs. M. E. B. Durant (bv «?m^ to H * Ors-
J»f»»". lot ?. subdivision of block 450 tax deld
Oakland: *26. • .
BHdeet S"lf» (*>•«• sime* to g»mo. lot 1« trab
dl'-l.«lon «¦•* block 'SO. tax ri"ee«1. Oakland- J43
Owen Mn-r>»v f*, v <s 3 rr>»> to s?t,» f n * 1 Vm
S 8:4 of lot • *»«* i- t— .t- m $37™
Builders' Contracts.
Ellen T.on* (widow 1 * to ¦Wettf# lyinr c»i r ~i^
lot on W Uti" of Ma-»ni'- strm-t. B1:«-N „#
First street. N 0 hv .xv_ 133:3. Mot 37. block ««
rjrt-Fx Tf»ct Oakland; *1ft.
Cornelia J. Prlrsrlc an* a.« e*»etitrlx estate of
Fdward J. THnele 'bvW. S. Harlow. commN-
F«on»»r) to TpH»*>t Rj>nkhnr Coomrwnir (corpora
tion), lot on PW corner of S<»v«n»>» t>v«ni«> «""fl
T>!>t..T-<»-ent»<»th street. P 10ft by TV 130 nation
Mook 120. eld town of Clinton. East Oakland
?1?W>.
John P. Morlen to Victor tn« Morten, lof on
W l<ne of Hannah street. 123 N of A. N 23 n-r
W 133. subdivision B of lot 11. block 794. map •
W«tts Tract. Oakland: gift.
. Emma and Fva D. Cocan t" Ira V*n«rhan. lot.
on V ltn» of Taylor street. 2S W of Wood TV
2fi:« bv N 67:6. portion of lot* 37 «p<1 35. pl«n>
and subdivision. bl<*«-k «>2. Oj»kl*n<l Point. »»»«*
portion of block 702. Boardman's map. Oak
land: «™.
George "W. Austin to H. B. Grl'fl". lot on X
line of A street, ms E of Helen. E 2S by N 1<W>.
being jrubrtlvlston F of lot 1. block 792, map No
2, Watt* Troct. Oakland: $in.
Same to same, lot on N line of Ylrtfnte
street. 123 W of Grant. W 91 by N 150, portion
block D. **me,' Berkelev; gflt.
Marv J. Reno (wife of S. H.) (Bailer or Mary
Jane Bailey) to S. H. Reno. lot on SE corner
of Channlngr way and Seventh street. E S4 by
R 100. block 133. corrected map Raymond Tract.
Berkeley: alro lot on N Hn* of Vtnrlnta street.
1?o "W of Edith. W 40 by N 100. block C.
E«1!th Tract. Berkeley: gift.
Alvln B. and Mrs. Cora L. Hill to Blanch?
Whltehead (wife of R.). all same. Berkeley:
Jame9 L. and Mary C. Barker to Alvm B.
Hill, all interest in lot on SE corner ef Dela
ware and Hamilton streets. E tin by S 50. por
tion lots* U. V and W, subdivision range 8,
Hardy Tract. Berkeley; $100.
South Berkeley Hall Association to J. B. M?-
Chesney. lot on S line of Ashby avenue. 100 E
of Shattuck avenue, E 50 by S 100. lot 3. block
C. map E, portion Newbury Tract, subject t»
mortgage $2500. Berkeley: $100.
Rosa M. Shattuck (executrix estate of F. K.
Shattuck) to Edward Coffey. lot 11. block 9.
map 4. Shattuck Tract. Berkeley; $600.
Patrick Shea to Edwin C. Newton, all Inter
est in lot 6, block D, Percy Tract. Berkeley;
$100.
Frederick and Caricellta H. Boegle to Olga
W. Hammersten (wife of P.). lot on NW eor
ner of Mattie avenue and Lowell street. W 40
by N 120, being lot 8. block B. J. McElrath
Tract (correction), Oakland; $630.
Emll J. and Martha Hahn and John Scan-
Ian »by Clarence Crowell. commissioner) to
Joseph R. Kahleln. lot on E line of Linden
street. 150 S of Thirtieth. S 150 by E 123. lot 4.
block A. Golden Gate Homestead. Oakland:
also lot on W line of Filbert street. 150 S of
Thirtieth. S 50 by Xf 125. lot a. block A.
same, Oakland; $303.
William P. Wetmore to Charity A. Wetmore.
lot on S line of Eleventh street. "136 E of Jef
ferson. E 33 by S 100. portion block 146. Kel
lersberger's Map. Oakland; gift.
G S. Howell. Mrs. T. C. or LaUlIa. C. Howell
(wife of G. S.). and C. F. Howell to E. W.
Gordon, all interest in lot on W line of Chest
nut street, 150 S of Thirty-second, S 50 by W
127. portion lot 8. block C. 663 Peralta Home
stead Association. Oakland; $10.
E. W. Gordon to Commercial Building and
Loan Association, all same, Oakland; $5.
Alameda County.
Bridget A. Griffin to John Flnocchlo. lot on
SW line of Sixteenth avenue. 450 NW of U
street. NW 25 by SW 200, being block 329 of th?
South San Francisco Homestead and Railroad
Association; $10.
James Moran to Margaret Moran, lot on X
line of Loboa street, 175 W of Plymouth kvenue.
W 25 by N 125. being block P, Railroad Home
stead: gift
Jacob and Lina Heyman to James M. Cord
ray, lot on E line of Thirty-eighth avenue. 12S
N of R street. N 25 by E 120; $10. »
Edwin and Ellen Lawrence to Mary J. Clevs
(wife of C. T.). jot on N lino of M street. S2:8
W of Tenth avenue, W 25 by N 100; $10.
Mary M. B. Martin to Mary J. Cleve (wife
of C. T.). lot on N line of M street. 57:6 W of
Tenth avenue. W 25 by N 100; $10.
May C and Hugh L. Masterson to Claus
Brandt, lot on W line of Ninth avenue 200 S
of K street. S 25 by W 120; $10.
Thomas W. and Katherine A. Rivers (his
wife) and Christopher C. and Lily A. Rivers
(his wife) to Frederick O. Hansen. lot on E
line of Arkansas street. 273 S of Twenty-fifth
(Yolo). S 25 by E ICO; $10.
Potrero Land and Water Front Company to
Thomas W. and Christopher C. Rivers, same
(twenty-three pieces), as in second decree in
abstract No. 3117. August 31. 1901; $40. . .
Mary Cooley to Herman J. Axt. lot on W line
of Vermont street. 66:8 N of Nevada. N 33:4 by
W 100; $10.
Ellen McKernan to Hugh B. McKernan, lot
on-SE line of Howard street, 150 SW of Fourth.
SW 50 by SE 155; gift.
Joseph A. Fitzpatrick to Mary Dickson. un
divided one-fifth of lot on E line of Hyde street.
97:6 N of Filbert, N 40 by E 53:1%; $13.
Margaret R Crossley (Richardson) and L. G.
Crossley to Frank B. Washington, lot on NE
corner of Hyde and Greenwich streets, E 23
by N 56:6; $10. :'...
Henrietta Schammel and Ernestine Gallagher
(Schammel) to Bertha Schammel. lot on NW
corner of Powell and Lombard streets. W ICO by
N 92:6; lot on N line of Lombard street. 117:*
W of Powell. W 20 by N 137:6; lot on N line of
Lombard street. 100 W of Powell. W 17 :» by N
137:6; $L
Sarah Walsh to Marcella L. Henry, lot on
NW corner of Twenty-fifth street and Lilac
alley. W 25 by N 63; $L
Kate M. and Frank W. Merrill to Benjamin
F. English, lot on S line of Hancock street.
105 E of Noe, E 25 by S 114; $10.
Thomas W.. Katherine A., Christopher C. and
Lliy a. Rivers to William C. Sullivan Jr., lot
on NW line of Market street. 443 SW of Church,
SW 23. NW 161:1, N 28:5H. SE 145:3%; $10.
Amelia Dorland, Leonors A. and Louis A.
Souc to Mary J. Arthur, lot on E Una of
Church street, 141 N of Eighteenth. NJJRfE
S3: $10.
Mary E. and Dennis C Herllhy to Jamea
Frost, lot on E line of Lexington avenue (Stev
enson street), 107 N of Twenty-first.' X 22 by
E 80; $10. . .
San Francisco Lumber Company (a corpora
tion) to John Krabbenhoft. lot on X line of
Twenty-first street, 120 W of Howard. W 50
by N 95; $10.
Estate Jane Ludby (by J. V. Hunter, execu
tor) to William J. Axford. lot on E line of
Folsom street, 135 N of Twenty-first, K 25 by
E 122:5; $1850. " "
Herman C. Hoger to William Cluff. lot on SH
corner ofUnion street and Olive court. £ 25
by S 100; $10.
Judson and Catherine C. Wheeler to Laura
K. Isaacs and Elizabeth R. Smith, lot on E
line of Spruce street. &2:SU N -of Sacramento,
N 33 by E 87:8; $10.
Samuel and Nettle Rouda to Thomas and
Delia Fay, lot on S line of Ellis street. 137:6
E of Octavla. E 25 by S 120; $10.
Condition of the Treasury
WASHINGTON. Sept. 16.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in
the division of redemption, shows: Available
cash balance, $186,139,195; gold, $118,788,017.
Salmon— The reports of the heavy pack on
the Fraser River ar.d at Puget Sound tend to
keep spot prices Irregular, and the fall^rom top
quotations of a month or so back is a heavy
one, rarticulariy ' n the case of Fraser River
ealmon. The present prices are causing -a
largely increased consumption. Reliable figures
as to * : he pack on Fraser River and at Puget
ScuTin are not yet obtainable, but, while.it Is
not disputed that the i>ack at these two centers
is an exceptionally heavy one. it is pointed jut
that the supplier forwarded to the British n.ar
kcts will not necessarily be proportionately
large. The consuming pov:ers of the Immense
population in the States can absorb huge sup
plies of tinned ' goods, and. if prices here go
exceptionally low. doubtless some portion of
the usual consignments may be diverted. Liver
pool—It is possible that it may be found that
the decline in prices has already been dis
counted as much ss is necessary, and there Is
a steady consumptive demand at current rates.
There If no doubt the reduction in the price
lias brought a large number of consumers on
to the coods and considering the very high
l-ates for provisions of all k*nds H Is rot to b-^
rendered at that salmon should be so much
called for.
The London Grocers' Gazette of August 31
rays:
English Salmon Market.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 19c; Astral. 19c; Star
19c: Extra Star. 23c: Elaine. 24c: Eocene 21c
deodorized stove gasoline, in bulk. 15c: in cases.
21c; Benzine, in bulk. 14c; In cases. 20c: S6-de
gree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; in cases, 26c.
TURPENTINE— 58c per gallon in cases ani
62c in dTums or iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In lPO-lb bags:
Cubes, Crushed and Fine 5.10c:
Powdered. 4.95c; Candy Granulated 4.95c; Dry
Granulated. 4.S5c; Confectioners' A. 4.85c: Fruit
Granulated. 4.85c: Beet Granulated. 4.75c; Mac.
•nol!a A. 4.45c; Extra C. 4.35c; Golden C. 4.23c;
barrels. 10c more; half-barrels. 2ic more; boxes.
EOc more; BO-lb bass. 10c more K'o orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Domi
lnos. half-barrels, 5.23c; boxes. 8.60c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 15.
Flour, qr sks 28. 48"»f Middlings, sks... 340
Wheat, ctls 5,420 Feed, sks 90
Barley, ctls 6.980 Hay, tons l,3io
Oats, ctls 3.655 Straw, tans 15
Sugar, ctls 2.284 Wool, sks ">76
Tallow, ctls 223 Wine, gals 39,800
Beans, sks 3.261 Hides, No .¦ 318
Rye. ctls 820 Pelts, bdls 105
Hops, bales 5 Quicksilver, flsks 121
Onions, "sks 669 Chicory, bbls 12
Potatoes, sks.:... 8,434 Leather, rolls.... 50
Bran, sks 1.094
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 7.332IWool, bales |
OILS— California Castor Oil, in cases.
No. 1. 70c; pure, $1 22; Linseed Oil, in barrels
boiled. 69c: raw. 67c; cases. 5c more: Lucol
69c for boiled and 57c for raw ir. barrels; Lard
Oil. extra winter strained, barrsls. 80c; cases
S5c* China Nut.'55@72c per gallon: pure Neats
foot Oil. barrels.' 67%c; cases. 72%c: Sperm,
pure, 65c; Whale Oil. natural white. 401245c
per gallon; Fish Oil. in barrel!!. 37 l /ic;- cases
42%c. - ' •
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS — Calcutta's continue to shade
off. Calcutta Grain Bags, . l%®7%c; local
make, %c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags,
S2fi)3Cc: Fleece Twine. 7t£@8c": Fruit Bags, 5%"
&U%c for cotton and 7igi7%c for jute.
COAL— Wellington. *s» per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle, *7; Bryant, *6 50; Coo»
Bay, V> 50; Wallsend. $9; Co-operative Walls
end. $9; Cumberland. $12 50 in bulk and $13 75 in
Backs; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton: Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 In sacks: Rocky Mountain, descriptions.
$3 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 00 per ton. according
to brand.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 1C— A rampant bull stock
market on the first day of trading following the
death of the President of the United States Is
an anomaly. Baldly stated, that is ' what oc
curred to-day. Xo one, not even the most Ean
guine, was prepared for the action of the day's
ptock market. Much was heard on Saturday
and has been published since of the length to
which the lamentable outcome of the Presi
dent' 6 hurt had already been discounted in the
operations of last week and especially those of
Friday. In part these assertions were made
•with a view of Influencing speculative : senti
ment and keeping up the courage of those. who
feared a collapse in the market. | Those' '.who
made the assertion sincerely probably, had no
id<°& of the- extent to which the recuperative
forces of the' market j would be affected, but
supposed merely that demoralization would be
checked and the market be able to. resist vio
lent losses. Confidence rvas felt. In fact, that
the purely speculative -pressure on the market
would be successfully overcome, owing to the
extent to which speculative selPng had already
gone and to the ample preparations and con
certed measures adopted by the Clearing-houte
banks and great .capitalists to arotect the
money market and resist declines In the stock
market. The portion of the problem remaining
to be 6oJved was the effect which would be pro
duced upon business sentiment in general
throughout the country and among the substan
tial investment holders of securities. A move
ment to liquidate on the part of this element,
actuated by the conviction that a prolonged
period of .doubt and apprehension was to be
faced, would inevitably overcome the market,
in spite of the most strenuous efforts of manipu
lation. The day's events seemed to demonstrate
a 6trong underlying confidence In the future of
business a^idthe continuance of the country's
prosperity. Powerful manipulation avowedly
had its part In the day's rise, especially in the
opening, u-hich was designed to Intimidate the
speculative bear element. It not only had that
effect, brt caused a scramble to cover on the
part of the uncovered shorts who looked for a
decline. There also was an abatement of orders
to buy at prices below the market on the part
of investors and bargain hunters, which served
as a protection against bear aggression. There
was a considerable element, as well, which
looked for an opening break in. prices and
hoped to secure bargains by placing orders to
buy at the market. As the event proved the
opening market was from 3 to 6 points higher
than on Friday afternoon. There was a lack
of confidence -in the early strength -of the mar
ket, and there were many-realizing movements
during the day. but the absorptive power of the
market proved equal to all of these and with a
steady uplift the trading closed active and firm
at about the top level of the day. ' . The solemn
R«puranees given -by the new President of his
purpose to maintain the continuity of the Gov
ernmental policies -was ¦ a relief - to capitalists'
conservative dread of change. The tank state
ment of Saturday encouraged the hope that the
Treasury's relief • of the money • market would
prove effective against , money ,_ stringencies.
Large dividend payments to-day, including a
distribution of $S,000,000 to Standard Oil . stock
holders, made themselves f elf in the money
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
' Money— Rubber . .*. .'.'. ."."; ...-.: 17%
Call loans 5(jf« Union Pacific .98
Time loans ogSli Union Land ..• • 3
Stocks— U- West End 96
Atch. T & S F 75% Bonds—
' Do prefd — .:.. 96% N E Gas & Coke 5s 56
American Sugar ..130% Mining ¦ shares-
American Tele ....1«4 Adventure 28%
Boston & Albany..257' Bingham M Co.... 37%
Boston Elevated... 160 Amalgamated Cop.109%
Boston & Maine. ..191 Atlantic .37%
Dominion Coal .... 42% Calumet & Hecla.725
Do prefd .../.:.. .115 Centennial- .....:... 27«4
U S Steel ../:...... 44% Osceola .......113%
.Do prefd ...".:..... 88% Parrot .............. 50%
Fitchburg prefd ...143 Qulncy ..¦....:.. no*
General Electric... 259 Santa Fe Coprer.. 6
Adams Con '. 20 Little Chief" 12
Alice 4.: Ontario... 10 50
Breece .7. ....'....... 1 40 Ophir 75
Brunswick Con ..'.'.'..; 06 Phoenix ¦ 06
Comstock Tunnel..- Ofi Potosl ' 03
Con Cal.& Va 1 75 Savage 03
Deadwood Terra.... 50 Sierra Nevada".... 21
Horn Silver. r. 1 75 Small Hones ...... ;40
Iron Silver ...\..Y.. 60 Standard .: ..... 3 23
Leadville Con.....: Of.
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
"U S ref 2s reg.....WS Hocking V 4%s..'... 106%
Do coup ..... ....108% L & N uni 4s.......l01%
Do 3b rcg ...T....10R Mexican C 4s 83
Do coup ., 108 Do 1st lnc ....... 32%
Do new 4s reg....l31 Minn & S L 4*..\ io*»U
Do coup ....129 M. K & Tex 4s.... 9«V>
Do old it reg 112 Do Ms g2%
Do coup --.113 N Y Central lsts..lC5%
Do os reg 103 Do sreti 3H»..:....W7
Do coup .....,...10S N JCent gen 5s...J28%
Atchison gen 4s. ...104 Northern Pa 4s. ...104%
Do adj 4» 96% Do 3s . 72%
Baltimore & O 4s.. 103% Norfk & W con 4s!lO2Vi
Do 3%s 94% Reading pen 4s... 95li
Do conv 4s 106% S L ft I M con 5s. 116
Canada So 2ds 107 S L & 8 F 4s... . 95
Central of Ga 5s... 103% s L S'w lets 97U
Do Utinc 79 Do 2ds ..... 7RK,
Ohes & O 4%s 105 S A & A P 4s *86
Chi & Alton 3%s... 84 Southern Pa 4s. ¦. 91
C. B & Q new 4s.. 96',; Southern Ry 5s 116«
CM4SP gen 4s.ll0 Tex & Pa lsts 118%
Chi & N con 4s. ...149 T.SL&W 4s 83Vt
Chi. R I & Pa 4s..lOS% Union Pa- 4s ..... 1041/
C.C.C&8 L gen 4S.102 Do conv 4s 106V-
Chlcaso Term 4s... 93 Wabash lsts 119 "
Colo & Bo 4s«.'. 87% D0'2ds .. .¦ HOW
Den & Rio G 4s. ..101% Do d*b B 62%
Erie prior Hen 4s.. 9S% West Shore4s .....113
'Do gen 4s..... 88% W & L Erie 4s 91U
Fort W & D C 1st. 103%' Wisconsin C 4s... 8S%
Shares Bold 931.900 -
NEW YORK BONDS
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. Hlffh. Low. Close.
Atchison 56.1C0 78«4 73% 76
Atchison pfd 11,800 95% 9a 96^4
Baltimore & Ohio 6.100 It2'.i 100 102
Baltimore & Ohio pfd.. 200. 9< 93»i 93
Canadian Pacific 5,100 111V6 10S% 110%
Canada Southern 3,600 79 78 76%
Chesapeake & Ohio...... 5,300 46V4 H\i 46^
Chic & Alton. 2,400 39 37Va 38 ft
Chic & Alton j.fd 77»4
Chic Ind & Louis 9,600 44V4 42% 4314
Chic Ind & Louis pid... 1.4U0 77% 75 76>j
Chic & Eastern Illinois 127
Chic & Great West 5.600 24Vi 23Vi 23%
Chic & Great W A pfd 84
Chic & Great W B pfd 4S
Chic & Northwestern... 100 193% 193^4 193
Chic Rock Is & Pac 3.3U) 141 13S^ 140>i
Chic Term & Trans 3,400 22V4 2Ui 21%
Chic Term &• Trans pfd. :,W0 41b 3S% 41>i
C C C & St Louis 5.500 9?% 94V4 96»i
Colo Southern 4,000 14^» 13% 14
Colo Southern 1st pfd... 700 54U 64 64
Colo Southern 2d pid.... 7oO 25 24*4 24%
Del & Hudson 2,100 163 161V4 l<>3Vi
Del Lack 6c West 2W 222V» 221 1*24
Dtnver «i Klo Grande... l,*0O 4t> " 45 46
Denver & Rio G pid 2,600 !»4 92% 94}4
Erie ..'. 7&.5W) -42% 4u% 42%
Erie 1st pfd S,4w) 7t% 6» 70 : ,i
Erie 2d prd ; 3,400 57«* 5« 57i*
Great Northern pid 500 1S4 183 183',£
Hocking Valley , .... il
Hocking Valley pfd 200 75 75 75
Illinois Central 1,500 144y; 141 144&
Iowa Central ICO 38 38 3SU
lowu Central pfd 100 72 72 71
Lake Ene & Wefctern... 1,000 boVi 63 63V4
Lafc.e Erie «c West pid 125
Louisville & Nashvjile.. 11.600 103^4 101% 103^
Manhattan L 32,100 119% HSU 11!(%
Metropolitan Street Hy. 4.SUO 164 162 163 Vs
Mexican .Ctntra.1 1.600 24^i 23U 24^
Mexican National 7,900 14»i 14W 14Vs
Minneapolis &: St Louis. 1.6U0 108% 106 108*
Missouri Pacific loSyi 103% 100V4 1U3^
Mo Kan «c Tex l,s»w> 28v» 27h 28-*
Mo Kan & Tex pid 2.400 54v» 52',4 53-4
New Jersey Central Jw> 163'^ l&Hj V&'
New loi-k Central.. \.... 6.400 155 lal 154%
Norfolk to Avestern...... ij.biK) 64V4 oBU 54^,
Nonolk & Western pid 86v
Ontario & Western...... 9.S00 34 32% 32^
Pennsylvania 15,10d 145 lii - 144y»
Ktadlng ,~ 1,200 4i% 40 41'/s
Kc-aains,- l»t p.u 2,lOJ 76 75 76^
-Ju p-d s.smj 52% 51Vi bzt,
sit L in San r'ran 1.4W 46'i 45 4a-j*
tet L Ai fcan J? ran 1st pid <u
St L <fc ss&n Fr»n zu pid 1.20J 6SH 67 b8Vi
tet L Southwestern syo 30^j 30 30
ct L bautnwettern p:d. 2.7W 63% W b3'4
fat Paul ..'..: 6o,aw lblU 157& 16U,
&t Paul pid zw> 1S8 ¦ 186 lbs
southern Racine 2.*yu 5&U 5t> 6*%
fauuihern Kai.way Oo.lw .a .. 31V* -3*fc
Southern Kalnvay pfd.. 6,4uO ] iS'A. Sb;, fcift
'lexas & Pacmc... i,\m 43 41% 4i^
loieao bt L m West 3w> io% 2u 20
loleao tt L & Wfcbt pid I 100 34 ' 34 34"
Union .Pacific 7.1w» ssvi 96 9S
Union Pacihc pfd (K>j mv* 8SVi SS
'"?2 6 ' 100 ' ~ al * 21H 22U
\\abash. pfd 7.IOJ v) £814 3J%
\\ heeling *i Lake Erie is
Wheeling & L E 2d pfd "314
Wisconsin Central 2,3W 22Vi aoli 22
Wisconsin Central pfd.. 700" 44 43 4»u
p c c & st Louis ::.. \i*
Express Companies-
Adams • -## _ #>> j-g
American l * "" **" jjq
United states 100 95" 95" 9,$
Wells Fargo jgQ
Miscellantous—
Amelgamated Copper .. 76,100 109«4 106^ 103%
American Car & F 2.100 2y% 29 ->3\l
American Car & F pfd 1.20-J 85 81H 8o2
American Linseed Oil 17
American Linseed O pfd 300 50 45" 45
American Smelting & K 7,000 46% 43% 46 -
Amer Smelting & ft pfd 600 100% 100U 9JSi
American Tobacco 134
Anaconda Mining Co... I 4.100 i'Ai 44" 45
Brooklyn Rapid Transit. 21,500 €8 65% 65'4
Colorado Fuel & Iron.. 2,100 99% 97 SS
Consolidated Gas 2,SM 221% 219 221
Continental Tobacco * .... 57
Continental Tobacco pfd 200 116*'- 116 " 114
General Electric 400 262 259-259
Glucose Sugar 900 57 56 57
Hocking Coal 100 18% 18% ig
International Paper 1.900 25Vi 24<i 24«
International Paper pfd 1,600 73« 7!»' 79>i
International Power S0O 95 94 04
Haclede Gas -. g 5
National Biscuit 600 4»" 43% 4J%
Natonal Lsad 100 19% 19% 19?
National Salt 420 41 - Anil 40
National Salt pfd ...„ ? *s
North American 400 98% 97 9SV»
Pacific Coast g2
Pacific Mall 600 41% 39% 41%
People's Gas 700 109 107% 1C9
Pressed Steel Car 1.200 41% "39 40%
Pressed Steel Car pfd 911J
Pullman Palace Car.... 100 210% 210% *>1O •
Republic Steel 6.100 15 13% 1471
Republic Steel pfd 4.900 67 64% 66»i
Sugar I5.BO0 130% 128'4 130H
Tennessee Coal & Iron.. 5.20rt 63U 91% 63>4
Union Bag & p Co.... 100 16 16 16U
Union Bag & P Co pfd 100 73 73' 73
Unite<i States Leather.. 3.300- I2T4 1*14 i->a;
U S Leather pfd 3.100 81U • 79% 81U
United States Rubber. . 300 18 18 I7U
TT S Rubber pfd y 52S
United States Steel 68. 3M 44\ 4J" 4Oi
United States Steel pfd 40. 400 « 94% 9% 94%
Western Union 3.600 92% 91% 91%
market. The day's movement, however, was
bared broadly on the supposition that the death
of the President and the other unfavorable fac
tors in the business outlook have been suffi
ciently discounted the movement of prices
of securities, with a promise of betterment in
future. . • .
Except in speculative Issues, which were act
ive and buoyant, the price movement in rail
road bonds* and the amount of • business done
were not large. Total sales, par value, $3,277,OCO.
New 4s advanced 1 per cent on the last call.
Pink Beans are firmer, and it is reported that
the major part of the late crop up around
Stockton has been destroyed by the unusual
frost of a week ago.. "Blackeye are cleaned up
and the demand for them is good. Other de
scriptions remain unchanged.
- BEXNS— Bayos. »2 Sofc.3: Small White. J4 85©
H \Vhlte. %2 75<Si3: Pinm, f2 25@2 35; Red.
$2 7^3; Blackeye, $3 25@3 40; Limas, nominal;
Red Kidney, $4 per ctl. • :
BEKUS-arown. Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal: Flax. $2 23@2 30:>Canary, 3Vi
&3»/ic for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Kape, I**
4i2Vc; Hemp, 31,4c per lb
DRIED PEAS-Niles; $1 fi5 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
MONDAY, Sept. 18—4 p. m.
Alpha 01 03|Justice 03. 04
Alta 02 03|Kentuck — 02
Andes -91 03 Lady Wash 01 —
Belcher 08 09 Mexican 20 21
Best & Belcher 20 21 Occidental OS C7
Bullion 01 03 Ophir 77 78
Caledonia 30 31 Overman 04 03
Challenge Con.. 12 13 Potosi 03 05
Chollar 08 OS Savage 03 05
Confidence 65 6S Scorpion — C4
Con Cal & Va..l 75 1 80 Seg -Belcher.... 02 C3
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. 23 21
Con New York. — 01 Silver Hill 31 32
Crown Point... 03 05 St Louis 06 —
Eureka Con 14 —Standard —3 23
Exchequer — 01 Syndicate — C8
Gould & Curry. 07 08 Union Con 07 OS
Hale & Nor 17 13 Utah v»- 04 CS
Julia — Ul Yellow Jacket.. C6 07
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
PORK— Live hogs, 200 lbs and under. 6<3!6%c:
over 200 lbs. 5%@5T4c; feeders ; sows, 20 per
cent off; bears. 50 per cent off and stags 4tf
per cent off from the above quotations; dre.ised
Hogs. 7Ji®9%c.
LAMB— 7iftSc per lb.
Ouotations remain as before. The market is
well supplied.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealer*
areas follows:
BESF— «gc%c for Steer» and 5@5*4c per lb
for Cows. . . .
VEAL— Large, 7@8c; small, 8$(9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6V4@7c; Ewes. 6S6%c per
pound.
"San Francisco Meat Market.
LONDON. Sept. 16.-Anaconda. 9ft; Atchison,
ttVi: do preferred, 99; Canadian Pacific, 113V 8 -
Denver and Rip Grande. 47% : do preferred,
*^s: Northern Pacific preferred. 9S>Vi; Southern
Pacific ps%; Union Pacific, 100%; do preferred.
90%; United States Steel. 47: do preferred, 96%!
Money, 1@1% per cent. Bar silver, 27d per
ounce. ... . *
CLOSING.
NEW YORK. Sept. 16.-The Commercial
Advertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market to-day was idle except in
the American department, which opened cheer
ful, assisted by, the news that the steel strike
had been settled and by ths New York bank
statement of last Saturday.
Local buying caused an immediate spurt of
? m :u t0 J Po^ts. Then there was a lull
until the New York opening, when after a
short period of initial dullness, there was re
fiewed activity leading to a buoyant finish.
. TlntoB were 63V4 on a rise in the metal, a
decline of 96 tons In supplies within a fort
night and reports of 35 shilling dividend. The
exchange will close on Thursday
London Market.
Receipts of Hay were heavy, being 1310 tons,
but the market showed no change. The tone
was steady. . There was nothing new in feed
stuffs.
, BRAN— $20 50@21 50 per ton.
' MIDDLINGS— $22@23 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16@17 B0 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $23@26; Jobbing
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake, ,$17@18; Corn Meal S33 50
@34 50; Cracked Corn, $34@35; Mixed Feed
$18 50@19 50.. . .
HAY — Wheat. $7@9 50; choice, $10@10 50:
Wheat and Oat, $6 50@9; Oat, $6©S 50- Barley
and Oat, $6@8; Alfalla,{8 50M10 00; Clover So 50
»7; Volunteer, $4 60©5 £0.
STRAW-25®42V4c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
NEW YORK. Sept 16.— Money on call, easier
at 2@6 per cent; last loan. 2% per cent Prime
mercantile paper. 5@5% per cent. Sterling ex
change^ heavy, with actual business in bank
ers' bills at $4 84%@4 85 for demand and -at
$4 82%@4 82?A for eixty flays. Posted rates.
hnff^fi 4^ « nd «86@4 86%.- -Commercial
bills. $4 82%. Bar silver,- 58y 4 e. Mexican dol
1? U . • Gov ernment bonds, strong; State
bonds. Inactive; railroad bonds, irregular.
Nezu York Money Market.
Wall street recovers from one to five points. . . i.
Local stocks and bonds quiet.
Slight decline in Sterling Exchange. Silver' a fraction off.
Grain Bags continue to decline.
Wheat futures rather firmer. Barley quiet and unchanged.
Oats, Corn and Rye about as be-fore quoted.
Hay in large receipt but steady. Feedstuff s unchanged.
Pink and Blackeye Beans fi.nncr again.
. Better feeling in Potatoes. Onions easy. Vegetables plentiful.
Butter dragging. Eggs quieter and easier.' Chcase Unchanged.
Nctv Prunes firm. Old Prunes being zeorked off at concessions.
Provisions about as before quoted. »
Nothing new in the Meat market.
Four cars of Eastern Poultry arrived. ¦¦
Fresh Fruits quiet and featureless.
« e S l ?! Ln 9 e " tT ; a1 -" 2 * Tamarack .'...345
™F£ a , s &c <>ke... 7 Utah Mining 274
%\a £ olo ? y . "•• m Winona 2>/t
Old Dominion 33 Wolverine 66 .
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
The following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
Mornins Session.
300 Best & Belcher 31 6C0 Sierra Nevada. 23
400 Caledonia 32 200 Sierra Nevada. 22
600 Challenge Con.. IS 300 Silver Hill 22
500 C C & Va... .in* 200 Union Con 03
BOO Mexican 20 100 Yellow Jacket.. OS
300 Ophir 79 700 Yellow Jacket.. 07 t
300 Potosl 06
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 09 200 Mexican 21
ICO Belcher 08 200 Ophir 77
200 Choila?~ CS 10O Ophir 78
200 Con Cal & Va..l 80 500 Yellow Jacket.. 07
2C0 Crown Point... 04
100 Con Cal & Va..l 80. 100 Ophir 77
100 Occidental 06 2C0 St Louis OS
Afternoon Session.
MO Best & Belcher 21| 300 Ophlr 77
200 Caledonia 31 700 Ophlr 78
300 Caledonia 3C 200 Overman ....... 05
1C0 Challenge Con.. 13 500 Yellow Jacket.. 0.
SCO Hale & Nor 17 . ¦. . r - -
Mornlnsr Session.
MINING' STOCKS.
The following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Car . from Vacavllle: Pears— Bartletts. $1 43CT
2 90. average $2 10 boxes. Praches— Salway, 45
@'65c, average o'r boxes; White Cllne. aver
a« 40c boxes; Plnuet's Late, ¦ average 55u
boxe«: Smeck. .".OiJtSSp tier bo-^. Grasps— Tokay.
$1 10@l 50. average $t 24 i=incle crates; Mus
•Wts; flverape St 20 single oratps. Gross sales,
$930. Sixteen cars 'fruit sold to-day.
Car from Florin: Grape*— Tokays. $KfJl 70,
average $1 43 single crates"; Clusters, jl 50(f?t 65,
average $153 sinele crates; Mu«cats, 75c©$l 30.
average *1 rg single crates. Pears— Bartletts
average $1 15 boxes. Gross sales. $1350/
CHICAGO. Sept. 16.— Porter Bros. Company
sales California' fruit. Car from Newcastle:
Peaches— Sal way, 50@60c, average 69c boxes;
George's Late, 33<S5Oc. average 44c boxes;
Nixon Free, average 30c boxes ;-Levi Cling, av
erage 40c boxes. -- Grapes— Muscats, average 85c
single crates. Gross sales. $360.
Car from Colfax: Pears— Bartletts. $1 150
193. average $174 boxes;., half boxes, average
80c. Gross sales. $823. ~ ; _ . ¦ . ¦ *
; Car from Colfax: Peaches— Crawford, aver
age 7Cc boxes; Orange Cling, average 80c boxes;
Edward Cling,, average S6c boxes. Plums—
Kelsey Japan, 8uc(z'$l i,0 average $1 54- single
crates. ' PrUnes— Hungarian, $1 15@1 90, aver
age $1 78 single crates. Pears— Bartlett. $1 5C<3>
- oJ, average $2 17 boxes, bOc@$l 10, average $1
half boxes. Gross sales. $1060.
Car from San Jose: Plums— Kelsey Japan,
85c@|l 10, average $1 06 single crates. Prunes
—German, 75@85c, ' average 81c single crates;
Silver, average $1. single, crates. Pears—Bart
letts. $2@2 4U, average $2 27 - boxes; J3eaurr»
Hardy, $1800193, average $1 82 ¦ boxes, half
boxes, • average 80c; Due de Cornice, , average
$2 25 half boxes. Gross sales $960. 'Twenty
four cars fruit sold. . ...
Car from Hemme: Pears— Bartletts. $1 13@
1 30, average $1 26" boxes, . 65@70c, average 67c
half- boxes; Due de Cornice. . $1 30@l 70. aver
age $158 boxes, 55c@$l 45, average $1 13 half
boxes. - ¦ . ¦ . . - ¦
Car from Penryn: Peaches— Sal way, 43@65c,
average 54c boxes;. George's Late, . 45@75c. av
erage 64c . boxes ; White Free, • average 45c per
box. .• Pears— Beaurre Clairgeau. average ?1 23
boxes. Gross sales, $605.
NEW YORK, Sept. 16.— Porter Bros. Com
pany, sales California fruit. Car from Florin:
Grapes— Tokays. $2 25@2 40, average $2 34 sin
gle crates; Muscats. $1 70@3, average $2 08 sin
gle crates; Morocco, average $2 70 single crates;
Assorted, $2 4^@3. . average • $2 54 single' crates.
Gross sales, ' $2335. . . -. i
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discpunt to the trade: "Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; R ye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour,. $7; . Corn Meal. $3 25;
extra cream do,' $4; Oat Groats. $5; Hominy " S4
<g4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat. $3 50: Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour
$3 25; Rolled Oats (barsels). $6 S5@8 35- in
sacks. *6 50@8: Pearl Barley.- $5; Split >Peas Jo-
Green Peas. $6 50 per 100 lbs. • ' TT*
FLOUR— California • Family Extras. $3 25®
3 50." usual -terms;-. Bakers'- Extras;- $3 la@z 25-
Oregon, ; $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family 'and
$2 75@3 for bakers' ; Washington bakers', $2 75
@3. ' :.• .-'; • ¦-• ¦ .. • ¦;- . ••
Flour and Millstuffs.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls' a.nd j brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 10%c; medium, 9%c; light. 9c: Cow
Hides. 9c for heavy, and >c fc r light; Stags.,
(foe; Salted Kip. 9%c; Salted "Veal, 10c; Sailed
Calf. 10c; Dry'Kides, 16@16%c; Culls. He; Dry
Kip. 16c: Dry Calf. 18c; Culls and Brands, 15c;
Sheepskins, shearlings. 13@30c each; short
Wool.' 30@50c each; medium. 50@75c; long
Woolt 8Cc@$l each; Horse Hld.>s r -«alt, $2 50®
2 f 75 for large and $2@2 35 for medium. $1 50n»
1 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides.
dry..$l 75 for large. $1 25@1 50 for medium. II 25
for small and 50c for Colts." Deerskins—Sum
mer or red skins. 35c; fall or medium skins.
20c; winter or thin skins. 20e. Goatskins-
Prime Anporas. 75c; large an<i smooth. 50c;
medium, 35c. ¦ •
TALLOW-No. 1 rendered, 4!4@4%c per lb;
No. 2. 3^4p4c: grease, 2%@3c.
WOOL^-Spring. 1900 or. 1901— Southern, de
fective. 7 months, 7®Sc: Oregon Valley fine.
14@15c: do. medium and coarse. 111313c: Ore
gon, Eastern, choice. 11013c; do. fair to good,
Sfillc; Nevada. 10«?12c. Fall— Saa Joaquin. «%
@8%c; San Joaquin Lambo". 7Vi®9c
•HOPS— New. 12@15c p«r lb.
Hides- Tallozu, Wool and Hops.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
compound and ll%c for pure; half-barrels, pure.
1154c; 10-lb tins." 12c;5-lb tins. i2%c. , ,
COTTOLENE— One half-baro?l, 9%c; thre*
half -barrels. 9 Vic: one tierce. S^c: two tierces.
Sc; five tierces, 8%c per lb. i "--. ¦;j: : rt
rainy, and there are '. fears that it * ¦will 'be
followed • by ! frost. • : .
This market continued dull, nominal and un
changed. Eastern is- quoted to arrive in -bulk
at, $165 for White, $155 for Yellow and $150
for mixed. - • ¦ * ¦¦
RYE— 75@77%c per ctl. .• I
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal: none In first hands
Closing ...........'..•. ..;¦.;:. 21 45 " 22 65
Flour— -' -' • --¦ ; •. . - ¦ .
Opening ...... ..........;'. ; .....;. 07 40 ; 2S 60
Closing ;......'... ; ....;.. 2760"" ' 2S 75
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, ; 1^01.
California Fruit Sales.
New York Grain and Produce.
STOCK MARKET.
Chicago Grain Market.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
8
AUCTION SALES
foa 5i=»
AT AUCTION. September 17. 11 a. m.. j »t 1140
FOLSOM ST. I will sell a fine assortment of
horses, saddles, harness, buggies ""agons.
carts, surreys and robes. These goods will be
sol.l to the highest bidder. -SACRAMENTO, Sept. 16.— A young man
who gives his name as Frank • Rodgers,
but who is believed to' be John.H. Mc-
Namara, alias "King". McNamara; wanted
In Lexington. Ky., for the murder of Ja
cob Keller- on February 11, .1899, has been
taken into custody in this city. He was
found' by police detectives last Saturday
night in a-Chinatown opium, den. The
description of McNamara" as sent out by
the Lexington" Chief ?of Police says that
he Is short in stature,' that he has red
dish hair and that he has a long and deep
gear on the : left, cheek. The prisonertal
lies with the description to a dot.V ' ¦
May Be "King" McNamara.
At Broadway wharf and the Pacific
dock work is progressing very much as
usual. The men who have taken the places
of the strikers have grown accustomed to
the work and are now "capable of doing
just as good a day's labor as the striking
longshoremen. -'
. Six vessels sailed yesterday with non
union crews, and the outlook for a general
moving of the tied-up fleet is good. The
British ship Englehorn ¦ sailed yesterday
with a full cargo of grain and the British
ship Glenesslin ¦ will go , Into the stream-
Thursday all loaded for her, homeward
voyage.. V ¦:, • .
' The increase rof the regular police pro
tection along the water front: Is having a
decided effect In facilitating the handling
of cargoes. Such ships as have crews are
working as If no'Strike existed -and the
freight is being hauled- away as rapidly
as it is placed on the wharves. The Brit
ish ship Clan Mackenzie with a general
cargo from Liverpool will commence dis
charging : this morning at Howard-street
wharf No. 3. . The work on the Haddon
Hall Is progressing rapidly and every
other 'British ship along the front is get
ting rid of caiyaro with more or less expedi
tion. • Captain Prltchard's protest | to the
'British Consul, has had a -salutary effect,
on the strikers. -•..¦¦.-;-. v.
Beneficial Results.
Increase of ' Police Protection Has
SHIPPING IS ACTIVE.
Patrick Leonard, mate, of the schooner
Hayden Brown, was' brutally beaten by
strikers ' at an early hour this morning.
The Hayden ,. Brown , arrived yesterday,
and her crew promptly' walked out. Leon
ard remained with the vessel to assist the
captain.- • When he left the vessel for a
few hours on shore he was followed.- A
number of strikers finally surrounded him
at Pacific and Sansome streets* and seri
ously Injured him, using iron bars as
weapons of offense. Leonard was treated
at the Harbor .Receiving Hospital.
A man known as Tony Lauster took
carbolic acid in the. Alameda Cafe, 6 Mar
ket street, at !? o'clock this morning. The
physicians at the Harbor Receiving Hos
pital, where Lauster was treated, believe
he' will die. Lauster was In the cafe
seated at a table when he suddenly raised
a phial of carbolic held to his lips and
swallowed its contents. • No reason for
his act Is assigned.
It is believed -that the unfortunate wo
man keeps a resort in Chinatown and js
the possessor of considerable money. As
no money was found on her person, it is
presumed that her pockets were rifled by
the thugs after -they had. rendered her
unconscious with a blow from behind.
At the Harbor Receiving Hospital,
where she was taken, it was found ¦ that
her face was cut and slashed, and her
head horribly beaten -with some blunt In
strument.
An unknown Chinese woman was fatal
ly Injured by robbers at Washington and
Sansome streets early this morning. She
was lying unconscious on' the pavement
when found by the police at 2 o'clock.
Man Swallows Acid and Strik
ers Assault Mate.
Chinese Woman Is Fatally Beaten,
series of tragedies:
in early morning hours
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 16.— An immense
fcrest fire has been raging since Thurs
day near Boulder Creek. Many bridges
and much cribbery along the road have
been destroyed. The fire is now at the
edge of the Little Basin, which adjoins
the Big Basin. It was started by \L care
less camper. '
Fire Sweeps Through. Forest.
That the United States should ' refuse to
recognize that their civilization grew out of
Grecian, Roman ' and possibly English Institu
tions Is absurd. The American boy should not
be. taught American history only, as I once
heard a professor claim. In order to be a good
citizen of the United States.
If It is time that affects the traveler In
Europe most. It Is the conquest of space that
awakens awe in the traveler in America. There
Is no reverence for long distances felt here—
space Ib conquered; news can be heard and
sorrow felt from one end of, the continent to
the other In a very short period. One is ever
Impressed In Europe and Asia i and weighed
down by knowledge of the historic past But In
America It Is difficult to feel Impressed with
the reverence of the memory of man— the coun
try. Is so very new. What people call the-
Irreverence of the American people for the past
Is due to the fact that they have no relics of
past Institutions. '¦";• '
You go to a small Arizona town and the
largest building is the schoolhouse. In Europe
villages and cities are built about churches and
cathedrals; in the United States it Is the school
building that dominates ,the architectural per
spective of the town or 1 village. ¦ You go to
Alaska— the first brick building you see o£ im
portance In Skaguay Is the public school. The
church la the center of European civilization.
The universities are to America what the
cathedrals are to Europe. A single Interest In
regard to education and a very divided one in
regard to churches is what dominates - the
American. •• The Spanish vessels of exploration
and conquest carried a company of which one
half were soldiers and the other half mission
aries. On the heels of the American soldier In
the 'Philippines goes the- American school
teacher. has taken the place of re
ligion in the make up of American civilization.
Tho one thing, however, that distinguishes
the United States— East, West, North and
South— Is that education is America's religion.
I do not mean to say that there are not re
ligions in the United States — far otherwise —
but education Is the religion. .. .
; I have had the opportunity of. seeing enough
of the different States and cities in the United
States to note that there are marked, though
subtle, differences between different parts of
the country. Before leaving England I asked
James Bryce, member of Parliament, ¦ what he
thought about a trip to the United States. He
said that a man ought to live here at least one
year in order to understand the country. I
have been here-, seven years and do not yet fully
understand all parts of the United States.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 16.—
Professor. Henry Morse Stephens of Cor
nell University addressed the students
this afternoon on the subject, "America's
Religion— the School." Professor Ste
phens was enthusiastically greeted, and
his remarks were frequently interrupted
by the applause of the large body of stu
dents present. He said in part:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
' STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 16.—
The most sensational episode in the trou
ble between " Treasurer. Nourse of the As
sociated. Students i.a_nd the faculty commit
tee on student affairs occurred in a meet
ing of the Associated this aiter
noon. The metting was called for' the pur
pose of passing a resolution giving the
executive committee •• of the Associated
Students power to remove any official of
the organization, thus covering the aase
of Treasurer Nourse. This resolution was
laid on -the table and -one expressing con
fidence in. Nourse was passed almost
unanimously. .
This action came as a complete, surprise
to a majority of the assembled students
For a. moment after., the measure waa
voted upon there was dead silence, and
then the applause that followed showed
how great was the friendly feeling toward
Nourse on the part of at least a ; lar&re
number of students. <
: The resolution of confidence, which was
introduced "by E. S. Page *C0, and second
ed by. M. C. Decarll '01, was as follows:
"Whereas, ¦ The authority of .the treasurer of
the Associated Students has been questioned,
and whereas, we deem a. statement of our, post-,
tlon advisable; therefore.. be It .. . . , . . .*
That we, the Associated Students
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The report on the state of- the country,
presented by Dr. W. C. Evans, contained
forcible language in favor of the enact
ment of stringent legislation looking to
the uprooting of anarchy in America, and
embodied resolutions commending Gov
ernor Taft's educational policy in the
Philippines.
On motion of A. C. Bane, the Rev. Drs.
F. D. Bovard and J. N. Beard were ap
pointed delegates from this conference to
the coming National Anti-Saloon League
convention.
"There is general satisfaction, in Manila
over the abolishing of the army canteen
and the establishing in its stead of the
post exchange." ¦ ¦
In connection with the temperance
committee's report Secretary Williams
said that Chaplain Potter. U. S. A., in a
recent letter to him had written:
The important business of the morning
was the appointment of a commission,
consisting of J. N. Beard, E. R. Dille, M.
D. Buck, W. S. Urmy and *\ D. Bovaia,
to make the apportionment of all church
benevolence. A lengthy and heated dis
cussion preceded the vote on this ques
tion, as it touches a vital point of church
work and the present method of appor
tionment has been found inadequate. • ¦
Bishop McCabe announced the transfer
to this conference of F. Sheldon from Dea
Moines and J. D. Barnhart from the Colo
rado conference. The following were ad
mitted to the conference on trial: B. B.
Conner, .E. H. Smith. O. E. Stewart, Car
roll Spencer. P. H. Willis and Jee Kck. .
The work of the conference was re
sumed at 9 o'clock, reports of standing
committees being the first business of the
morning. The report of the Sabbath ob
servance committee was notable for a
statement that anarchy was the logical
result of a desecrated Sabbath, on the
ground that violation of divine laws en
genders violation of human laws.
Dr. Briggs gave no reason for his with
drawal beyond saying that he had been
considering the step for some time. ¦ ¦
Dr. Briggs is well known in . San Fran
cisco, having together with his brother.
Dr. A. H. Briggs, Instituted the "forward
movement" in that city last October. He
Is one of .the meat brilliant young men in
California Methodism. The Briggs broth
ers had been selected to fill as associate
pastors the pulpit of the Central Church
in San Francisco the coming year, and
members of that church are greatly sur
prised at Dr. Herbert Briggs' action to
day.
PACIFIC GROVE, Sept. 16.— Like a
bombshell exploded in the California
Methodist Episcopal Conference was Her
bert F. Briggs' request this afternoon for
permission to withdraw from the confer
ence and from membership in the Metho
dist church. His request was granted
•with sorrow, but great cordiality was ex
pressed by all the members and resolu
tions of good will and fellowship to him
in his determination were adopted by a
unanimous rising vote.
SANTA ROSA. Sept. 16.— The price of
rrapes continues to advance and 524 to
525 is now being paid for the best varie
ties of wine grapes. The buyers at these
figures appear to be mostly the smaller
•wineries in Sonoma and Xapa counties.
In HeaJdsburg a few days ago there were
£velve buyers on the streets at one time,
™J bidding openly against one another.
Price of Grapes Advancing.
Thus Declares Professor
Stephens of Cornell
University.
Openly Defy the Stan
ford University \
Faculty.'
Herbert F. Briggs Sur
prises the California
Conference.
• Chairman Green of the faculty commit
tee on student affairs could not say defi
nitely what faculty action would be taken
when confronted with a draft of the reso
lution of the student body. He said that
he did not believe it represented the senti
rnent and feeling of a majority of the stu
"••If it is the Intention of the students to
back Treasurer Nourse." said Professor
Green, "then the matter resolves Itself
into this: Either the faculty will have to
abdicate and turn the control of student
affairs over to the students themselves or
else forbid collegiate and intercollegiate
athletics altogether. Of course, you can
judge which course we shall take."
• It can readily be seen that this action
of the student body may seriously affect
college athletics at Stanford If they ar»
not brou/lht to an absolute standstill. Mr.
Nourse recently said that he would resign
in the event of his resignation being abso
lutely necessary to the carrying on of ath
letics. •Whether he would resign now In
an emergency of that kind is a question,
considering the resolution passed by the
Associated Students this afternoon.
of Stanford University, do place implicit confi
dence in Mr. Nourse and hold • him alone re
sponsible for all acts connected .with his of flee.
NEW WHATCOM. Wash., Sept. 16.—
Miss Eva Beeson, a young schoolteacher
of Sunnyside, this county, committed sui
cide to-day by jumping Into Lake What
com. Despondency caused by the recent
death of her father and her own poor
health prompted the act.
Jumps Into Lake Wnatcom.
Boston' 6 13 . ,- 1
Washington 7 13 3
Batteries— Winters and Schreck; Carrick and.
Grady.'
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 16,— To-day's game
between Baltimore and Philadelphia was close
until the seventh lnnincr. when the locals hit
safely six times, this Including a double and
a' triple, netting seven runs. Attendance 1800.
Score: ; ¦• : ' . . . '
R. H. E.
Baltimore 2 5 .. 1
Philadelphia 10 16 ff
Batteries— Foreman ;and Bresnehan; Plank
and Powers. • ¦•. .¦¦ ..'¦'''"
WASHINGTON, . Seat. 16.— The "baseball
games scheduled with Milwaukee for Tuesday
and Wednesday have been canceled out of re
spect for the late . President. •
Brooklyn .' 2 ¦¦ 8-2
Philadelphia J 3 . 8 0
Batteries— Donovan and McGulre: Donohue
and McFarland. - Umnires— Orth and Farrell..
AMERICAN LEAGUE. "
BOSTON. Sect.' ; i6.— Honors were even . to
day In a double-header. -Poor fleldinjc by
Washington- in. the. seventh inning of: the first
game enabled Boston to tie the score. The
winning run came in the tenth, resulting from
a ' two-bagger and • a single. Clean • and con
secutive batting by the visitors in the second
gan-.e save k them the victory. The game was
called at.tlfc end ot the eighth -inning: on ac
count of darkness. Attendance 4000. Scores:
First game— . R. H. E.
Boston 6 12 3
Washington o 6 .3
Batteries— Lewis, Young and Criger; Patten
and Grady. . : > • ,
Second game— , R. H. • E.
¦ Second game — • • ¦ R. H. • E.
Eoston ........ 2 - 9 -4
New York 4 6 0
Batteries— Pittinger and . Klttredge; Taylor
and Warner. Umpire— Brown. ; . .
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 16.— Bases on balls
had much to do with: the defeat of the Brook
lyn team by Philadelphia to-day, two of the
latter who received • passes, scoring. • Both
teams played good ball. Attendance 2000..
Score:- - . ¦ ¦ .--..:
' - ' • R. H. *;E;
First game— R. H. E.
New York .....'. 2 9 4
Boston :3 8 0
Batteries— McGee and Warner; Dineen. and
Klttredze. Umpire— Brown. .' .. ;• - . ,- ,
Gotham Players Lose the First Game"
Through Poor Throwing and •
' Errors. •
¦ ¦ NATIONAL LEAGUE. .
NEW YORK, Sept. 16.— New York and Bos
ton broke even in .the double-header at the
Polo Grounds to-day. The visitors won the
first game by timely batting; In the fifth in
ning, when four singles in succession netted
two ruro. What chance the New Yorks haJ
of tying the score was spoiled by an error
by Davis and a wild throw by Ganzel. In
three times at bat Ganzel hit safely each time,
one belns a two-bagger. A base on balls and
three errors won the second game for New
York. Attendance 1600. Scores:
NEW YOEK AND BOSTON 1 ,
PLAY A TDOUBLE TTRADEB,
WASHINGTON. Sept. 16.— Postofflce es
tablished: Washington— Deertrail, Stev
ens County, Kittie V. Leyson, Postmis
tress. Postmaster commissioned: Califor
nia— Phi neas F. Powers, Eagleville. Ap
pointed: Oregon— Harry EJer, Chltwood.
Lincoln County, vice C. B. Mason, re
signed.
Pensions granted: California— Original-
Shelby Tyler, Vallejo, 56. Widows— Sarah.
McFadden. Escondido. $S: Sarah L. Walk
er. East Santa Cruz. JS. Washington—Or
iginal—John Blomberg, Seattle. $8. Widows
— Rachael A. Anderson, Montesano, $12;
Lyda Herring. Snohomlsh, $8; Isabella
Jeffries, Clearbrook, fS.
Of Interest to People of the Coast.
committee of the New York Yacht Club.
In conference with the representatives of
the Royal Ulster Yacht Club, has decirt
ed that the lirst race for the America's
cup shall take place on Thursday, Sep
tember 26.
The second race will take place Satur
day, September 28.
First Contest Bet-ween Columbia and
Shamrock to Take Place on
September 26.
NEW YORK, Sept. 16.— The challenge
YACHTS WILL RACE
ON SCHEDULED DATES
EDUCATION THIS
LAND'S RELIGION
continued. "In thejast year there have
been few Nelmaris v h'ere for mall.- One
STUDENTS LINE
UP FOR NOURSE
¦ WASHINGTON. Sept. 16.— At 2:15 o'clock
this morning It. was stated at the Whlt3
House that Mrs. McKinley appeared t«r b»
resting quietly. Dr. Rixey, her physician,
remained at the White House all nigh :.
Mrs. McKinley Bests.
BIDS FAREWELL
TO METHODISM
The executive committee of the San
Francisco Labor Council met in regular
session last night and unanimously adopt
ed the following resolutions:
. i. Whereas, The death of William MeKiniey,
Labor Council Expresses Grief.
Continued From Page One.
faneehan is a native of this city and a.
brother of XV. Sheehan. the baseball play
er. He Is a young man without any
regular home and has been in the habit,
in spite of Hardiman's protest, of sleep
ing on the hay in the loft above the barn.
He drank heavily, and It is supposed that
he was under the influence of liquor when
he "turned in" last night.
Hardiman had no insurance on Ms
place or on his horses. The loss Includes
several tons of hay. The damage to ad
joining property was principally by water.
James Sheehan was burned to death
early this morning in a barn at the rnrr.er
of Brannan and Harriet streets. ' De
ceased was probably responsible for che
fire, which destroyed considerable prop
erty and caused the death of three horses/
The flre was discovered about 1 o'clock,
but the alarm was not turned in for a con
siderable interval, and when the depart
ment reached the scene the flames had
secured a stronghold.
The barn was owned by John HardJman.
who runs a coal yard in connection with
a hay and feed business. ! Surrounding
the barn is a regular nest of tenement
houses, the tenants of which escaped with
difficulty and in considerable alarm. In
the four-story tenement adjoining the
barn were four families who were held
imprisoned by the smoke until the arrival
of the Fire Department with the chemical
engine. . -
Meets Death in John Hardi
-- man's Barn.
James Sheehan and Three Horses
FLAMES PUT AN END
TO INTEMPERATE LITE
Eulogy on the Dead President' :
>a- of the Republic.
IBERKELEY, Sep.t 16,-The citizens of
the college town met to-night to give ex-
Professor B. I. Wheeler Delivers
CITIZENS OF BERKELEY
EXPRESS DEEP GRIEF
Fifty men from the Oakland police de
partment will form the advance line of
the parade.
given proper place In line. The "Workmen
have signified their intention to be repre
sented. The Carpenters' and Joiners' Un
ion of Oakland has decided to parade. ¦•
The school children, other than the pu
pils of the High Schools, will not parade
but will be given positions on Webster
street, between Fourteenth and Durant
streets, that they may view the proces
sion. • . ¦ • .
Major Sylvester, Chief of Police! re
ceived a dispatch from Chief Murphy of
Jersey City to-day telling him that an
anarchist whose name is not known, who
is about 25 years of age and of swarthy
complexion, with dark hair and eyes, had'
threatened to kill President Roosevelt- ami
had left Jersey City for either Buffalo or
Washington. The man's description 'v/Sto
sent out to all' the station hoqses' 'and
special care is being taken to see that
no one unknown approaches '• President
Roosevelt. ¦ ¦ ' • ;r \. '
WASHINGTON. Sept. 16.— President
Roosevelt' has been threatened by an
archists, and the entire Washington police
force is on the outlook for the would be
assassin. ' • . ' .
He Leaves Jersey City to
Attempt to Assassinate
¦ the President.
Continued From Page Four.
Resolved, That these resolutions be
spread upon the minutes and a copy for
warded to Mrs. McKinley.
JOHX KEAX, Chairman.
A. FL'RUSETH, Secretary.
Resolved, That we tender our sincere con
dolences to the widow and relatives of the
deceased President and assure them of our
personal sense of bereavement in the great
loss suffered by them and the country; and
further.
Resolved. By the Sailors' Union of the
Pacific, in regular meeting- assembled at
San Francisco, Cal., this 16th day of Sep
tember, 1891. that we deeply deplore the
death of- our chief magistrate and condemn
the deed by which he was stricken down,
not only as a cowardly blow at one who
in his personal capacity had earned the re
spect and honor of his fellow citizens, but
also, and chiefly, as an attack upon the
principle of popular eovernment. as repre
sented by the chosen head of the nation;
and further
"Whereas, The President of the United
States. William McKinley, died on the
Hth inst. from the effects of wounds in
flicted by the hand of an a?»assin: there
fore be it
Sailors Express Their Sorrow.
.The Sailors' Lnion last night adopted
the following resolutions:
On account of the death and funeral
services of President McKinley Bishop C.
C. MjcCabe will not deliver his lecture,
"The Bright Side of Life in Libby Prison,"
in Central M. E. Church on Thursday
evening next. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
DENOUNCE THE ANARCHISTS
Bishop McCabe Will Not Lecture.
On account of the funeral of President
McKinley the members of the McKenzie
Musical Club have postponed the date of
their thirty-fifth musicale and hop from
September 19 to September 26. The dance
will be held in Odd Fellows' Hall. -,- ¦
Postpones Its Dance.
Odd Fellows' Benefit,
The minstrel show that had been> an
nounced by Templar . Rebekah ; Lodge \ of
the Odd Fellows for next Saturday in aid
of the Odd Fellows' Orphans' Home at
Gilroy has been postponed until the 28th
out of respect to the memory of the late
President McKinley. •¦• • =
The members of the Woman's Auxil
iary, British and American Union, have
indefinitely postponed the reception . an
nounced to take place in Golden Gate Hall
on Thursday evening out of respect to thq
memory of the murdered President.
Reception Will Not Take Place.
San Francisco Wholesalers Will Be
Placed at a Disadvantage by
the Proposed New
Schedule-
POLICE SEARCH
>." FOR ANARCHIST
Let us see that they are made impossible by
raising the standard of the conscience of nhis
community to a high plane, when It shall be
impossible for an assassin to Justify, himself
by arguments of destructive logic - .-
So long as' men prominent In public life or
in the walks of business or in . the other
spheres of society are willing to recognize by
social receptions,- by subscriptions to pacers
which we all recognize as being at the founda
tion of this sad development in public opinion,
and by their advertisements, which support
these papers — so. lone as gentlemen in yaur
position shall give your countenance,- either by
social intercourse ; or otherwise to these enemies
of mankind, to these traitors to humanity it
is Idle to deplore events > like this.- ¦ - •
Who is responsible for this event? Surely
the cause of It is to be found in the perverse
teachings i of the reckless . press that has :aot
hesitated-, to coin conscience into dollars.
Upon the poor., wretched degenerate who Iia3
been impelled to this crime we know- the
penalty of the law will be imposed. But what
penalty will reach those who have incited this
victim .by : their vile, and destructive doctrines
to this deed of blood? . -¦
NEW YORK, Sept. 16.— At a session of
the Chamber of Commerce to-night, after
paying a tribute to the dead President.
Abraham S. Hewitt, ex-Mayor of Now
York, said: \ v "
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 16.-The Los
Angeles Jobbers' Association has scored
what is in all probability the greatest vic
tory ever achieved for the commerce of
this city. After contending for months
H-or a readjustment of freight rates to
, r points In the San Joaquin Valley, which
would give this city an equal footing with
ban irancisco, a compromise has been
reached which in some lines will give Los
Angeles absolute command of trade in a
large section which it hag heretofore been
able to reach only against a serious han
dicap. While heretofore there has been a
email differential in favor of San Fran
cisco for trade at Bakersfield and greater
differentials in favor of the metropolis at
all points north of Bakersfield, Los An
geles now has a good differential in its
favor for the Bakersfield trade and is in a
position to share the trade of towns as far
north as Visalia, with small differentials
against it at that extreme distance.
How tli© Victory Was Gained.
The Issue was first raised In a petition
to the Southern Pacific Company for a re
duction of rates from this city. This
appeal was turned down abruptly by the
railroad officials, who gave tnls citv to
understand that any change In the rela
tionship of rates from San Francisco and
Lob Angeles was out of the question.
An effort was then made to bring the
issue before the courts, but the Attorney
General decided against the suit being
brought and it was annulled.
Some days ago, however, the question
was brought up again and a consultation
was held. In which the Jobbers' Associ
ation was represented by President M II.
Xewmark, F. W. Braun, C. C. Reynolds,
L. C. Scheller and Will S. Bishop. The
Stuthern Pacific Company was represent
ed by Messrs. Stubbs and Sproul of the
general traffic department, and by G. \\\
Luce, assistant general passenger agent
in Los Angeles.
The question was under discussion for
,-<<ome days, ending in a compromise very
t-atisfactory to the jobbers of Los Angeles,
though the official figures have not been ,
made public. It is understood that the i
new rates will be made effective within
ten days. • - j
For nrst-class commodities the reduc- j
tions in freight rates range about 12 per <
cent, while from that the , percentage of!
reduction in rates ranges down to about
3 per cent for fifth class (carload) ship
men tE.
Extent of San Francisco's Loss.
The point of equilibrium between San
Francisco and Los Angeles rates is moved I
about fifty : tniles nor'h of Bakersfield. !
But, as or.e town can invade the territory
in which another has the advantage of a
*mall differential. Los Angeles will be '
Able, in many lines, to compete- with al
most equality as far north as Visalia and.
Porterville.
Sjxjcial Dispatch to The Call.
The postoffice on Washington street and
the branch stations throughout the city
have been draped in black on account of
the death of the President. United States
District Attorney Woodworth has had his
offices in the Federal building appropri
ately draped.
Postoffices Draped in Black.
Ex-Mayor Hewett of New
York Traces Crime to
Its Cause.
HOLDS YELLOW
PRESS GUILTY
Southern Pacific Grants Peti
tion for a Reduction
in Rates.
A committee from the coupling tap in
the tube works at McKeesport demanded
that Superintendent Mowatt reinstate
twenty men who were discharged this
morning." He refused, and the couplers
voted to stay out in a body. That de
partment was running with a full force
to-night.
The results of the strike In McKees
port are: • Wood mill probably lost to
McKeesport; Demmler lost to McKees
port; Demmler lost to the union. More
than $1,000,000 was lost in wagea as fol
lows: 9500 National Tube men out five
weeks $750,000; S00 Wood men out eleven
weeks, $165,000; TOO Demmler men out niu«
weeks, $30,000; total. $1,003,000.
The indications that the tin workers
will withdraw from the Amalgamated
Association shortly and form an independ
ent organization are becoming stronger.
Many of the more prominent workmen
are active in suggesting this course, and
of giving united aid to those men who
are standing out in the Star and Monon
gahela .plants.
The reports from the National Tube
Company mills showed that over 4000
strikers in McKeesport asked for work
there in the various plants during the
day. Of this number about 2000 were em
ployed. The other 2000 were not em
ployed owing to the mills not being ready
for them.
It is expected that they will all return
to work during the week. ,
At 6 o'clock to-night President Shaffer
left the office for his home. He looked
neither to the right nor to the left. Ha
seemed much depressed and wanted tt>
avoid every one. Other officials of the or
ganization busied themselves circulating
among the angry about the offices
and making a plea for quietness and pa
tience. They insisted that the settlement
would not prove to be so bad as had been
reported., None of those who did this
work was ready, however, to give any
inkling of the terms granted the Amalga
mated Association or how it affected th»
men on strike.
A meeting 1 of the tin-workers of the
Star mills was held during the afternoon
and the matter of the strike settlement
was taken up. After the meeting the men.
announced that they had decided to re
main out and keep up the strike until they
had heard from President Shaffer. Tney
added that In case the terms were sucn
as to make the Star mill non-union they
would positively refuse to return to worlc
and would fight the battle single-handed.
The American Sheet Steel Company re
ported that the strikers had returned to
the Idle mills in New Philadelphia. Ohio;
PIcqua. Ohio, and the Etna Standard
mills in Mingo Junction, and that some
had asked for work in the Canal Dover
mili 3 .
PITTSBURG, Sept. 16.— It was a turbu
lent day for President Shaffer and the
general officials of the Amalgamated As
sociation. The headquarters of the or
ganization were crowded to-day from
morning to evening with delegates of
strikers awaiting word from the leader
regarding th6 settlement of the strike.
The callers at the general offices were all
more or less excited, and many were deep
ly incensed. Many of the strikers declared
they would not respect the order calling:
the strike off before they were given full
particulars of the settlement, others were
calling boldly for the resignation of Presi
dent Shaffer and another class demanded
the -withdrawal of their lodges from. tb-»
organization.
Resolved. That we, feeling- the great
calamity which has befallen the nation by
his loss, and sorrowing with our fellow
citizens at this time, tender our heartfelt
sympathy to the bereaved widow of i Wil
liam McKinley. and also to the relatives
who mourn for him.
Resolved, By the McKinley ' and Roose
velt Club In meeting assembled, that we
desire to place on record our detestation
and abhorrence of the dastardly crime
which removed from us a man of in
estimable worth, a true citizen and a
President who had by his wisdom, kind
liness and statesmanship endeared himself
to all law abidine reople and Americans,
and be it further
Whereas, Our fellow citizens everywhere
sorrow, and mourn for the soldier, states
man and citizen who has been taken from
us by the assassin's bullet; now therefore,
be It
Whereas, The civilized world stands
aghast at the cowardly murder of our be
loved President, and
At a meeting of the McKinley and
Roosevelt Club, held last evening, the fol
lowing resolutions were adopted:
McKinley and Roosevelt Club Tenders
Its Sympathy to Widow and
Relatives.
REPUBLICAN CITIZENS
MOURN FOR THE DEAD
tailing the honors to be paid this week
to the late President McKinley.
This morning at 10 o'clock the troops at
the Presidio and other posts will be pa
raded and the order read to them. All
work in the posts will then be suspended
for the day. At dawn to-day thirteen guns
will be fired and every half hour a gun
will thunder a salute. At sunset a salute
to the Union of forty-five guns will be
fired.
The national flag will be kept at half
mast at all military posts until after the
funeral of the late President.
On Thursday, when the remains of the
President are buried at Canton, Ohio, all
work will be suspended at the military
posts around the bay. At noon on Thurs
day a President's salute of twenty-cue
guns will be fired at the posts.
Similar honors will be accorded to the
dead President at the naval stations on
this coast and by the warships in the Pa
cific squadron.
Many Strikers Return to the '
Mills 'Against Wishes of
the Others.
Given Control of Lower
San Joaquin Valley-
Trade.
special car over the Pennsylvania road
at 3:58 o'clock this afternoon. The party
was met at the station by Commander
Cowles, and after a cordial exchange of
greetings was driven to the commander's
residence, where President Roosevelt will
stay until after the funeral. Mrs. Ropse
.velt was attired in deep mourning. The
station was crowded with people coming
here to witness the obsequies over the
dead President., but few recognized the
wife of the President. •¦•;
WASHINGTON, Sept. 16.— Mrs. Roose
velt, accompanied by her son, Theodoro
'Jr., .Mrs. Commander Cowlcs,- sister "of
the President, former Governor Allen of
Porto Rico, and a representative of : the
secret service, reached'- Washington in "a
MBS. ROOSEVELT REACHES
WASHINGTON ON A SPECIAL
A peculiar feature of this house is that
it is practically a network of electric
wires. In every joist and molding there
are electric wires running up and down
the walls. Brickwedel says that they were
there when he took the house and cannot
see of what use they are. His wife claims
that they must have been used by Isaak
and his anarchist friends in a private tele
phone system. She said last night that
often during the week when she is in the
back part of the house or in the yard she
hears a . mysterious electric bell ring.
When questioned more closely she said
that it sounded like a telephone bell and
that it certainly did not sound like, a bell
ringing in the house, but that it sounded
as if it had been placed between her house
and the next.
Mrs. :Heal says that, when Isaak left
her house she was glad to see him go.
She says that she mistrusted him and told ;
him that she did not care to rent him her
rooms any longer. She says that he moved
from her house to lodgings at Valencia
and. Eighteenth streets. -.There- was a
lodging 'house there up to a few months
ago, when the furniture was sold, -and one
family now occupies the whole premises.
House Mysteriously Wired.
Brickwedel, when he first became an oc
cupant of the house, found the place In a
very dirty condition. He said- yesterday
that' the place was strewn with papers
and he regrets now that he threw tnem
away, as he thinks that they would have
been of great value to the police.'
In a corner of the hall stands a : large
safe. Brickwedel had -ittempted to open
this safe on a number of occasions. After
the assassination of President McKinley
a rumor was circulated that this safe con
tained valuable papers and had been used
at one time by Isaak. Another rumor was
to the effect that the safe was filled with
dynamite. Brickwedel was seen yesterday
in regard to these rumors and he said
that Be had heard such rpports and was
not in a 'position to deny them, 'as he had'
never attempted to' open the safe.. He
said his wife was anxious to have the safe
moved out of the house, as she was nerv
ous and afraid that it might be filled with
explosives. • - -.
• Last evening The Call engaged an ex
pert and took him to the house to open
the safe. Ifrook this skilled manipulator
of safes from 7 o'clock till 11 in the even
ing- to force the door of the safe open. The
safe was empty, but the residents of the
neighborhood will now rest easier that the
mystery is solved. v .
The former residence of Abraham Isaak
and the meeting place of the anarchists
of this city several months ago is situat
ed at 236 Clinton Park. After. Isaak
moved out of the house George . Brick
wedel, a porter in the employ of the
Dunham, Carrigan & Hayden -Company,
moved in there with his family. ¦.-,,, :._.
Expert Opens Isaak's Safe.
Now that the fact has developed ' that'
Czolgosz was in San Francisco living un
der the name of Fred Neiman at the time
that the President was here" the police
department of this city is to- be congratu
lated on the- fact that the dastardly deed
was not perpetrated here. Numbers of
people scoffed, at the careful police pro
tection that wa3 afforded President Mc-
Kinley, but the fact is now developed that
it was through this great precaution that
McKinley did not meet his untimely death
here.
Colonel S. J. Beebee, the night mail de
livery clerk; is also as positive as Clerk
Reed. He says that Neiman used to come
and inquire for mail about 8 o'clock In- the
evening. Beebee says that he never gave
him any mail, as there was none for him
at- that hour. *'' ;¦•' "'¦ <¦
was a Mrs. G. Neiman, was an H.
W. Neiman and then Fred Neiman."
President 'of the United State?, has caused
great sorrow throughout our country; there
tore, be It
Resolved. By the executive committee of
the San Francisco Labor Council this six
teenth day of September, 1901, that we ex
press, on behalf of the organized workers
of this city, our heartfelt and' unqualified
grief at the untimely and sudden death .of
our respected President and our deep abhor
rence of the deed by which he was stricken
down; further • /
Resolved, That we extend our condolence
to the widow and relatives of our late Presi
dent and wish for them such consolation as
may be found in the company of an afflicted
nation; further
' Resolved. That, In response to the senti
ments of good citizenship, we declare the
act of the assassin who strikes at the repre
sentative of the people to be a blow to
popular government and, therefore, an act
calling for the severest condemnation by all
who would maintain and honor that institu
tion. - W. H. GOFF, Chairman.
ED ROSENBERG. Secretary.
San Francisco,- Cal., September 16,-1901.
TRAIL OF CZOLGOSZ
. . 'found in this city
¦ This morning the front of the library
building was draped in black. The uni
versity flag will remain at half-mast for
the next thirty days, according to the
proclamation 'of the Governor of the
State.
Memorial services will be " held by the
University, of- California in Harmon gym
nasium Thursday morning 'at 10:30 o'clock.
President Wheeler has charge of the ar
rangements and details will not be com
pleted for another day. University exer
cises will be suspended Thursday.
grieved the heart of " every American.
presslon to the deep sense of loss they
feel through the death of William Me-
Klnley. The meeting- was held In respect
to< the memory of the late Chief Execu
tive, and although called by the Berkeley
Republican Club it was a citizens' meet
ing in every particular. '
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of* the
University of California delivered the
principal address,' dwelling upon the
theme of the late President's great and
natural interest In mankind. The gath
ering was held in Odd Fellows' Hall and
was presided over by Thomas Rickard,
president of the Republican Club. . Mr.
Kickard, in calling the meeting to order,
said: •
i As president of the Berkeley Republican
Club, I have asked you to ¦ come together
to-night, not ' as Republicans, but as citi
zens, to ; give . expression of what we feel
concerning: the loss the nation has sustained.
President Wheeler then' addressed the
meeting, saying. in part:
. 1 am glad to be here as a citizen of
Berkeley and join with you in an* ex-:
. presslon concerning our . beloved President. •
I trust that the whole body of citizens will
assemble Thursday morning next in Har- '¦
mon Gymnasium, where the university, the j
churches and the people will join together
for an expression of ' last thought' and
action. President McKinley was thor
oughly human. He was a man among men,
" spontaneously interested in all ¦ mankind. "
Any one who has seen the light in his eyes ;
when he looked into another's must have
known his peculiarly kindly nature. His
>. wonderful influence over man was due. to
the interest he took in their affairs. Prob-"
ably no President has ever been so near the,
people. His sympathy | with other men
enable him to mold a wonderful influ
ence in Congress. * ' ¦ . ¦ * ' .
He has given us the best '• realization " of .
.any President of the smooth action, of this
.; Government when all parts run together.
! Never has there been a time perhaps when :
the different forces that go to make the
Government worked together so well as In
McKinley's administration, especially . dur
ing: the trying times Just preceding the
" Spanish War.
When Mr. McKinley made his recent tour
through the country I think he found out
.what we have all recognized, that his ad
ministration was popular with the people.
. As we think of the party divisions of a few
months'agro this stands as a warning to us
not to be led by partisan ardors to do
things we do not mean to do. Many men-.
. cast . their • ballots because of party tra
. dltions and not according to their best
judgment.- ~ ' "¦? :¦:¦: *
His administration was more popular than
the election 'returns show. Mr. McKinley
¦ showed a perpetual sympathy to his Invalid:
wife that almost passes human understand
ing. • That fine loyalty of his to his poor
distressed wife has made him a model for
all time -to come.- ••• ' ••'*•
H. B. Griffiths was called upon and
made a short address,- saying in part:
...'. This. is indeed a time when every patri
otic American citizen should assemble to
.pay homage .to . that great chieftain, now
dead. It is perhaps . one of the saddest
-calamities in our national history. It has
Dissatisfied Workmen
Boldly Demand His
Resignation.
SERVICE IN PAVILION.
Continued From Page Four.
Resolutions of Sympathy Are Adopted by Many Business ancl Political Organizations, and- Civic Bodies
Prepare to Hold Appropriate Memorial Exercises oh the Day of the Funeral.
MEMORY OF MURDERED PRESIDENT HONORED BY THE PEOPLE
LOS ANGELES
JOBBERS GET
DIFFERENTIAL
TROUBLE AHEAD
FOR SHAFFER
THE .SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1901.
ARRIVED
' Monday, ¦ September IS. ; '
Schr Mary, C,. Campbell, 8 hours from Bo
¦dCfca, ¦.'•'.'¦ . ' ¦ . .¦ [¦ ¦¦'¦ :'.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 16.— Alfred Loon Re
naud. an orchardist. was thrown from his
buggy and killed this afternoon almost
at his own gate, on the Quimby road, near
San Jose. His horse ran away.
Killed in a Runaway.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept 16.— George G. Pat
terson, a Civil War veteran 72 years of
age, committed suicide last night by leap-
Ing into the bay at Black. Point. His
body was washed ashore on the beach
near Hotel del Mar to-day. Patterson lost
a leg In the battle of^ Stone River..
Veteran's Leap to Death.
James J. . Jeffries, . champion heavy
weight pugilist of the.. wo^ld, has put up
his deposit of $2500 as an evidence of his
intention to battle with Gus Ruhlln before
the Twentieth Century Club in November
next. Jeffries was unable to deliver the
check in person to Harry Corbett, the
official stakeholder, so he sent It over
from Oakland by Eugene Van Court. He.
however, forgot an essential thing, and
that is to indorse the certificate of de
posit. He will probably be asked to rem
edy this defect on his return- from Los
Angeles, where he goes •to , box Hank
Griffin, a colored heavy-weight. Ruhlin
deposited his check on the day articles
of agreement were signed. -.The' Twentieth
Century. Club did likewise. ¦¦¦-¦.
Jeffries Deposits a Check.
9
. Rheumatism is due to an excess of acid in the ll
blood; When this escapes -through' the pores of the " /^^Imf" " '
skin, as it often does, it produces some form of skin uVT JT/^'
eruption — some - itching " disease Kke Eczema or. v^gaT^'^S. 'fe e -- !
Tetter — -but when these little tubes or sweat glands js?*"\|lv
are suddenly closed by exposure to cold and stx^den . , J^j^k^iV^^^k.
chilling of the body; then the poisons thrown off by v ~jj W^;;..
the blood; finding no outlet, settle in membranes, \ \&*r' — ' -Jttysr^-* >©*
muscles, tissues and nerves. These parts -become greatly inflamed, feverish and
hot ; dagger-like, maddening pains follow in quick succession, the muscles become
extremely tender, the nerves break down and the sufferer is soon reduced to a state
of helplessness and misery. This acid poison penetrates the joints and seems to
dry .out the natural oils, and the legs, arms and fingers become so stiff and sore
that eye. y movement is attended with excruciating pains.
. . liiniments, plasters, electricity and baths, while their use may give temporary
ease, cannot be called cures, for the disease returns with every change of the weather.
; '.'¦ " .. ¦-..'. '•. . - • V S. S. S. cures Rheumatism by
~ "Three years ago I had a severe attack of working a complete change in
la grrippe, which left: mo almost a physical the blood: the acids are neutral-
.7vVr k e f^m^oV^u^a^S^TloSr? *£? •*£ *«JS£ n purified and
tried all the physicians In our city, but non* the . n j h « healthy blood that is
of them could do mo any permanent rood. I earned to the irritated, aching
•used all the rheumatlo cores I could hear of, j muscles and joints, soothes and
but receivod no benefit. After begrinninsr S. S. heals them. S. S. S. cures Rheu-
S. I was relieved of the pains and have trained matism even when inherited or
the grandest blood medicine in. the world, of Opium, in some
and heartily recommend it to ar.y one seek- fonn » w the basis of nearly all
ingr relief from the tortures of liheumatisnu so-called Rheumatic Cures,
B. F. GEEGOBY, Union, S. C." - which deaden the pain but do
„¦ . : . , not touch- the disease and lead
to ruinous habits. . Alkalies and 'the potash and mineral remedies so often pre-
scribed, affect the tender lining of the stomach and weaken the digestion, tons
adding another burden to the already weak and impoverished blood. S. S S. con-
tains no mineral or •dangerous drug of any kind, but is a simple, rentable
remedy and. the most perfect blocd purifier known.' Send for our book on Rheu-
matism and write our physicians if you wish any information or advice. We wduld
be glad to mail you a book free ; we charge nothing whatever for medical advic*
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC COMPANY. ATLANTA. GA.
The effect of eating Grape-Nuts ten
days or two weeks and the discontinuance
of ordinary while bread is very marked.
Tk» user will gain rapidly in strength and
PCjelcal and n:en?s*»health.
In this way the starchy part is trans-
formed into grape-sugar in a perfectly
natural manner, without the use of chem-
icals or any outside Ingredients. The lit-
tle sparkling crystals of grape-sugar can
be seen on the pieces of Grape-Nuts. This
food therefore is naturally pre-digested,
and its use in place of bread will quickly
correct the troubles that have been
brought about by the too free use of
starch In. the food, and that is very com-
mon in the human race to-day.
Email wonder that appendicitis, perito-
nitis, constipation and all sorts of trouble
exist when we go so contrary to nature's
jaw. The food experts that perfected
Grapft-Kuts Food, knowing these facts,
made use in their experiments of the en-
tire wheat and barley, .including all the
parts, and subjected them to moisture
and long continued warmth, which allows
time and the proper conditions for devel-
oping the diastase outside of, the human
body. "
This diastase Is absolutely necessary, to
digest starch and turn It Into grape sugar,
•which is the next form: but that part of
the wheat berry makes dark flour, and the
r^dern miller cannot readily sell dark
'Mur, fo nature's valuable digester la
tnrown out and the human system must
handle the starch as best it can, without
the help that nature intended.
Up under the shell of the wheat berry
nature has provided a curious deposit,
which is turned into diastase when It Is
subjected to the saliva and to the pan-
creatic juices in the human intestines.
Bread dyspepsia is common. It affects
the bowels, because white bread Is nearly
all starch, and starch Is digested In the
Intestines, not In the stomach proper.
BREAD DYSPEPSIA.
The Digesting Element Left Out
GRAPE-NUTS.THE SA3* FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1901.
10
EMPLOYMENT " W ANTED FEMALE.
A • YOUNG, woman wishes a position to look
after one or two children: .sleeD .at home.
Box, 415, Call. - . ¦ . . .-•¦-¦•
A GOOD girl from country desires position as
nurse girl in private family. 2 Keppler court,
''.off Mason st., near Post. •-.".¦.*-. -
A STRONG young German woman wants situ-
ation for" general housework: and cooking;
good laundress; sleep at home. 79 Bay st. •
LADY barber wishes position in barber shop;
country preferred." Box 315, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker, late of New York,
.w&nts engagement by the day; $2. Apply to
MRS. WAHLQUIST. 509 Kearny st.
DRESSMAKING, $1 50 per day. \ Call' or ad-
dress 1731 Mission *t. "•¦
PLAIN sewing I done reasonable. 501 Leaven-
worth st... cor. O'Farrell. room 8, second floor.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to,$l 50 per night; $1 SO to
- $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
. BRANCH office for Call advertisements* and
subscriptions has . been established at 109C
Valencia st. ¦
E aiPLOYMEKT WAXTED — HALE.
MAN familiar with city wants to drive and
care for one or two horses. Box 443, Call.
A FIRST-CLASS barkeeper wants a situation;
first-class city reference. Box 444, Call orflce.
STRONG young man wishes position to work
and learn trade: bond I and references If
¦ necessary; wagea no object. Box 445. Call.
SITUATION by young man taking care of
horses, cow, garden; good driver; handy
with tooia. _Box 272, Call office.
A COMPETENT, reliable man wishes position
on a private place; thoroughly understands
the care of horses; a careful driver; milk
rows; care garden; good reference. Address
F. P.. 1519 Howard st. \
MIDDLE-AGED man, handy with horses and
tools, wants light work: no milking; small
wages if good place. H. WARREN, 115%
Second st. .
PHARMACIST, registered, expert on pre-
scriptions, local • experience, wants position.
Address box 419. Call office.
MAN and wife, competent and reliable, want
charge of place or work on ranch. .Call or
addrera C. E.. 358 Minna st.
SITUATION wanted in grocery or meat mar-
. ket; experienced young man, 25, with refer-
ences. Box 436, Call office.
DRUMMER solicits position as local or travel-
ing salesman; commission or salary. Box 434,
Call office. ' ¦ ¦____
EXPERIENCED grocery clerk, with city ref-
erences, wishes position; city or country." F.
I. C, 330 McAllister Bt. .
MIDDLE-AGED German wants to get a place
In a wine-cellar or liquor store; has 10 years'
experience. Address H. J. S., St. George
Hotel. 812 Kearny st. > ¦
WANTED— Position In grocery, wholesale or
' retail; best city references. Box 275. Call. ¦
YOUNG man. speaks German and English
fluently, • best of recommendations and refer-
ences, desires position; country preferred.
Box 472, Call. •
MALE trained nurse, speaks German and
English, late U. S. medical service, desires
position of any kind; best of references. Box
473, Call.
AN all-round handy man wants position to
take care of horses or as gardener. Box
395, Call. . -
WANTED— By first-class baker, a position in
country; working alone preferred. Address
box 83, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes a position as a miner;
has had lots of experience in all kinds of
mining. Box 317, Call office.
COOK— Steady and reliable man wants posi-
tion. Address room 6, 45 Franklin st. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1091
Valencia st. "
FEATHERS REXO ¦VATED. *
FEATHER pillows & mattresses steamed, reno-
vated. E.J.O'Rourke.1393 Valencia jtel.Capp 2682.
FINANCIAL.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
I porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office, 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
ALL unused stamped bank checks bought: also
documentary stamps. R. Garvey, 1008 Call bid.
FLATS TO LET.
LOWER and middle flats, 6 large rooms and
bath; upper 10; beautiful grounds, keeping no
expense to tenants; completed Sept. 20: bay-
windows in every rm. NW. cor. Portola and
Duboce Pk., off Waller, bet. Pierce & Steiner.
COLE, 773-775, bet. Beulah and Frederick sts. —
Fine new sunny flats, 7 rooms and bath;
rent reasonable. .
A— NEW sunny middle flat; reduced rent; 8
rooms; bath. 2414 Van Ness ave., nr. Union.
$11 AND $9 — 2 flats, 4 and 3 rooms and bath.
14 ,I3ruce place, off Folsom, bet. 7th and 8th.
HANDSOME new flat, 5 rooms and bath. 43
Alpine St., between Thirteenth and Waller.
MASONIC ave., near Fell — Modern sunny flat,
4 rooms, bath; rent $14; water free. .
O'FARRELL. 1933—^ilodern flat, 6 rooms, bath,
basement, yard; reasonable to good tenant.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
NEWLY furnished modern sunny flat, 7 rooms
and bath. 430 Eddy st. '
FLATS WANTED.
6-ROOM flat wanted; north of Market and Va-
lencia sts.; reference; no children. Box 402,
Call office. ¦-'. i
FRAMES AND PICTURES.
CLYDE L. KELLER. 128-130 Hayes. nr.V. Ness—
Stylish effects: High-grade work; Lowest prices.
FURNITURE FOR SALE^ ._^.
$17 50— SOLID oak bedroom set: plate mirror.
$1— Solid oak chair; factory price.
$2— Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel.* Folsom 1328.
Searey's Credit House, 1429 Mission, : nr. 10th.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $48 60, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
1015 A POST Bt.— Beautifully furnished flat; vel-
vet carpets; new; for sale cheap.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc.: phone Jessie 2071.
Auctioneer; W. P. Beauchamp, 2 Golden Gate
ave.; tel. Jessie 126; furniture, mdse., bought.
A. L. Storrs. 130 Golden Gate ave. ; tel. Jessie
1464; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before - selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY, 1135 Market.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
¦ warranted: kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED FEMALE. :;
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S... .Phone Grant 185
.......... .HOTEL DEPARTMENT ..r
2 chambermaids, city and country $17 50
waitresses, city and country ..$20-$25
FAMILY DEPARTMENT .Vj
Parlor maid and waitress, city... $25 <¦
Cooks, city .-. $30
Girls to tend store, board and room $15
25 houseglrls, city and country.. $10-$25
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary St.
A COLORED second girl for small -American
family, new house, country, $20 and fare paid.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.... Phone Main 1575
HOTEL. DEPARTMENT
12 . waitresses, first-class commercial hotels,
$20 and $25; 8 waitresses, city, $20 and $25; 2
--restaurant waitresses, $7; -3 chambermaids to
wait, $20; ; cook, institution, $30; pantry
girl, $20. : -¦ ¦ . . - • ¦ ' ' '¦: ¦;j^:r
.........r FAMILY DEPARTMENT
. Cook, • $30; second girl, $20, first-class situa-
tion: cook and , second girl, Irish preferred,
country, fare here ; French or German second
girl, city; many other very choice places.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. ...... ....335 Geary st.
WANTED— 2 cooks, no wash, $35; 4 cooks,' Ger-
¦ man style, $30; 2 parlor maids, $25; 6 second *
girls, $20, $25; German nurse, 2 children, $25;
nurse, 1 child, $25; 4 restaurant waitresses,
$7, $S week; - laundress : for .institution, ; $30; i
4 waitresses for hotel, ¦ city, $20; chamber:
¦work, wait ' one meal, $20; 40 girla for all :
kinds of housework, . city and country- Apply
to J. F. CROSETT, 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— Alterater, on waist lining; finisher;
f£ also first-class sleeve ¦ hand;, good wages to
• proper parties; none but first-class need'ap-i
ply. Room 134, . Spring -Valley building,
Geary and Stockton sts. , . " ; .
WANTED— Girl ' for general ; ' housework " and
'cooking; 1 hour travel out of city; 5 in fam- .
H ily. Call at S29 Union St.. between 11 a. m.
and lp. m. Tuesday.
¦ HELP'. WASTED— FEMALE Con.
GIRL for housework and plain cooking; family
3 adults; small flat; $.20. Apply 2340 Pine
St.. corner Steiner. --.. -
AN improver -wanted for corset-making; one
who understands sewing machine. Call after
9 a. m., 247 Geary st.
IRONERS wanted to work in factory on ladles 1
and children's wear. Apply third floor, L
MAGNIN & CO., 606 Mission St.
NEAT German girl to assist in light house-
work. 451 Guerrero st., between Sixteenth
and Seventeenth, forenoon. : :
WANTED— Helpers and apprentices for dress-
making; paid while learning. 1022 Washing-
ton st.
FIRST-CLASS operator on pants, 25c pair; also
finisher. 211% Tehama St., upstairs.
PROTKSTANT girl assist housewk & children;
$15. , 717 Clayton, nr. Waller; Halght-st. cars.
WANTED— Refined young girl as apprentice in
photo studio.- HAUSSLER. 1418 Market st.
WANTED— German or Scandinavian girl to do
general housework. 1324 Ellis St.
GIRL to attend to shooting gallery; $5 week
and board. Call 623 Pacific st.
TAILORESS. first-class finisher on coats; also
apprentice. Call early, 119 Kuss st.
GERMAN or Swedish cook; boarding-house.
2130 Oxford st, Berkeley; apply mornings.
A-l FINISHERS wanted on cloaks. M. SIM-
INOFF. 122S Market st.
COMP08ITOR1 wanted at 113 Davl« it
FIRST-CLASS trimmer and makers wanted in
millinery store. 692 McAllister »t.
WANTED— A girl for general housework and
cooking; wages $25. 1317 Gough »t.
WANTED— At once, young women and men.
Call 14 Fifth st.
GIRL to do housework in Alameda. See DR.
HALPKUNEK, 28 California at.
EXPERIENCED nurse for child 2 years old.
Apply 2S44 Mission Bt. •
NOON waitress; call early. 611 Brannan St.,
near Fourth.
GOOD helpers on waists and skirts; also an
apprentice. 610 Ellis st.
'GIRL for general housework and cooking; good
wages. Call 1833 Ellis st.
GIRL to aaslit In housework and care for
children; German preferred. 755 Eddy st.
GIRL or woman for light housework and care
, for 2 children. 728 Ellis st. .
5 EXPERIENCED glove makers; Driving and
_Eurekas. Carson Glove. Co., .35 Market st.
OPERATORS and finishers on coats; electric
power. 40 Ellis St., room 62. | i-
GIRL to assist in general housework; small
family; $15. 2612 Larkin gt. '¦
GERMAN cook; wages $30. Apply between 10
and 12 at 210S Broadway.
OPERATORS on overalls at Levl Strauss &
Co.'s factory. 32% Fremont St.; good wagres;
?.°a T ??J )erlenc * necessary. Apply to MR.
DAYISi
AN apprentice at MME. LICHAU'S dressmak-
ing parlors; paid while learning. 455 Geary.
CHAMBERMAID wanted at the Manhattan
House. 825 Battery st.
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and neg-
ligee shirts, also a few bright girls about 16
years of age for instruction; paid while learn-
ing. Standard Shirt Factory, cor. Gough ani
Grove Bts.
WANTED— First-class notion saleswoman;
. one who Is competent to take charge of a
stock; state age, experience and salary ex-
pected. Address box 400, Call office.
WANTED— Experienced wrapper for delivery
department. Apply at HALE BROS.', before
11 a. m.
WANTED— Young lady who Is an experienced
wrapper. Apply at HALE BROS.', before
11 a. m.'
EXPERIENCED operators on muslin under-
wear; also learners paid while learning. G.
W. REYNOLDS, 597 Mission St., cor. Second.
WANTED— Woman with small amount of
money who is willing to invest in paying
business. Box 399, Call office. •
HAIRDRESSING, dyeing, bleaching, massage,
manicuring taught in 2 weeks for $5; employ-
ment guaranteed. College, 143 Stockton, r. 15.
LADY for fancy work, painting, -• etc., for a
store. Box 431, Call office.
"WANTED— A business woman to attend lodg-
lng-house department. 26% Kearny, rms. 9-lOt
EXPERIENCED girls wanted; bookbinder y.
636 Clay st.
WANTED— Women for light work on fruit.
1731 Folsom at. .'
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094
Valencia st. --.¦•- • ¦ ¦
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Car.ada one year for $1,
1IEL1' WANTED MALE.
AT C. R, HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
Railroad work Railroad work
Free Fare Free Fare
FOR UKIAH
100 teamsters and laborers $2 a daji
:. FOR NEVADA
100 teamsters and laborers $2 a day
t FOR TRUCKEE
50 masons' helpers and laborers. $1 75 to $2 day
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
100 dullers and headers $2 25 to $2 50 a day
100 muckers and laborers $1 75 to $2 a day
FOR SANTA FE SYSTEM
100 laborers, section work $1 75 a day
Free Fare Ship Daily Free Fare
2 blacksmiths, country shop $3 a day
4 hay balers, country , 16c a ton
10 laborers, sawmill and woods, $2 a day and
board $4 50; cooper, city, $50; stableman, pri-
vate stable, city, $35; fanners, milkers,
choremen and others, $25 and $30 and found.'
.HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Meat and pastry cook, hotel; Nevada, $50; see
party here; second cook, steamboat, $50;
¦ second cook, country hotel, $50; see party
here; 10 second: third and chop house cooks,
$30 to $45; 20 dishwashers, kitchen hands, $25
ajid $30;. 2 neat young- men, bell boys, first
class country hotel, $20 and found; fare paid.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
A YOUNG man who speaks French, - as ap-
prentice to cook's trade in first-class hotel,
$15 to $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
STENOGRAPHERS AND TYPEWRITERS....
groom for private stable. $30 and found; 2
stablemen, $40 and found and $35 and room;
3 farmers, $25 and $30 and found ; choreman ;
. boy for store, $20; stout boy for factory, $6
week; farmer and wife, Alameda County, $40;
dairyman and wife ; gardener and wife, $50;
. milk wagon driver for country, $30 and found;
laborers for mill. $2 a day; miners, quarry-
men and others. J. F. COSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st. .
RESTAURANT cook and wife. $65; night stew-
ard; pantryman. . $7 to $8 week; cook, small
hotel, $30; oystermen ;~ oyster cooks; short
order cook. $12 week; second cook, steamer,
$50; waiters and others. J. F. COSETT &
CO.. 628 Sacramento st. ¦ - ¦
AT THE CAL EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
69 Third st., nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
RAILROAD LABORERS
SANTA FE R. R ..FRESNO DIVISION
UKIAH • UKIAH
FREE FARE
60 teamsters for Ukiah.... ..$2 to $2 25 per day
Milker, near city $30 per month
Sailors and deckhands for coast. Mexico, Hon-
olulu, Australia and Japan $40 per month.
10 carpenters, big electric company
$3 to $3 50 per day. 4 to 5 months' work
4 shovelers. city .$2 per day
ANDRE'S Office, , 316 Stockton St.— Cook,, $45,
and dishwasher. $25, for same place. Eureka;
kitchen hand, $30; plain nbtel cook, $30; vege-
tableman, $25; 2 dishwashers, $25 and room;
hotel porter, $25; restaurant porter, $25; bed-
maker, $20; assistants confectionery, ..$25;
butler, $40;. sllverman. $25; man to take care
' of horses, etc., country, $30.
A HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12. —
Steward, $75; 4 bellboys, $10 to $25; 2 colored
waiters, $25, country.
A— SECOND cook, $50; elevator boy. $10. MRS.
M. E.'DAY & CO., 335 Geary st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment. 927! Market St., room 207,
.1, LESS, secretary; telephone Jessie 1176. £
SASH and door men, marine firemen, sailors;
lumber stevedores: non-union; no office fees;
MECHANICS' REGISTRATION BUREAU,'
410 Kearny st., room 24.
WANTED — Wholesale house requires a . good,
strong young man; must write -a fair hand
and be quick at figures. Address, with refer-
ences, box 433, Call office.
WANTED— Boys over 17 years old to learn-to'
- run lathes, drill presses and milling machines.
Apply to UNION GAS ENGINE CO., 244
First st, city. '¦.'=,. ¦--
A SNAP to suitable party— Barber shop, with
fixtures complete; Richmond district. Inquire
; 538 Clementina st. • --.-.:
MAN wanted to tend office; salary $40 month;
$25 cash security required. : California Busi-
ness Exchange, 78 Third st.. room 2. ' '
¦WANTED— A bootblack. 209-Larkin St.; barber
shop; wages. \ E. P.- ROCHE. '
OPERATORS on ''custom coats; steady work;
high wages. '¦ 40 Ellis St., room 52. : . .
YOUNG man to help in cake bakery; must have
a little experience.. 911% Larkin at.
SATf iritAJVCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE, tf Tb» San Fra:iclr«i
Call, corner cC Market ar.d Third rtreet*: op»s
until j; p'idodc every nlfchi in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 6:7 Montgomery street,
rerner Clay; cr-.-n until S>:3") p. m.
SCO Hayes street: open until 9:?0 3. m.
Gfl McAllister street: or>en until 9:30 p. ml
€15 Larkin rtreet; oj>en until 4:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 1» p. m.
22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. n.
iO6 Eleventh street: cpen until 9 p. m.
I0S6 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Etreets; cpen unlil ') p. m.
2200 FiUmcre street: cpen until 9 p. m.
MEETI\G XOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. M.. ft
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVaN-
ING Sept. 17, at 7:30 o'clock. Stated j&JT
meeting and R. A. degree. By order /
of the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Ledge No. 30, F. & A. ¦
M.-Owlng to the tieath of President
William McKinley there will be no TC3C
meeting THIS KVPrCING. / >
CHAS. .6.. WEGENEB. W. M.
EDWIN L. MEYER, Jsecty^
ORIENTAL Ledge No. 144, F. and A. •
M.— Second degree THIS (.TUESDAY) -/V,
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. . /V^ 1 -
A. S. HUSDARD, Secretary. y
ODD Fellowe' Cemetery Association— The an-
nual meeting of the lot owners of the Odd
Fellows' Cemetrry will be held on MONDAY.
September 23. 1901. at 2 p. m.. at the office
of the association. Point Lobos ave... for the
election of Trustees, ' etc. By order of the
Board of Trustee*.
GEORGE T. BOH EN, President.
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary.
THE California Debrii? Commission ha\'in«r re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from A. E. Jones in the Hamton
placer mine, near John«viUe. Plumas County,
to d»po«!t tailings in Nelson Creek: from
Ellen C. Sareent et al., in the Quaker Hilt
No. 2 mine, at Quaker Hill, near Nevada
City. N«n-ada County, to deposit talllncs on
a flat below the mine, and from the Calaveras
Minlnc. Water an<i Power Coitpany. In the
Round Butte placer mine, near Kheep Ranch.
Calaveras County, to deposit tailings in O'Ncll
Creek, elves notice that a meeting will be
held at room 69. Flood bulldlns; San Fran-
clfco. Cal.. on September 30. 1001. at 1:30 p. m.
A WEEK'S news for B cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pare*, in wrapper for miiillnr. tl per year.
ADOPTION.
GIRL nnd boy baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
FCNKE. 1416 Eighth rt.. Alameda.
ASFHALTUM ROOPD'G.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalk* re-
paired: postal. 1186 Mission: tel. Folsom 2477.
, ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free— Divorces a specialty; quick;
quiet; no -charge without success; collections,
wills deeds, etc., prepared; charge low; estb.
IS years. Atty. G. W. HOWE. 850 Market st.
ADVICE free;divorces private; bankruptcy ;col-
lections ;attachnients : mortgages ;bllls of sale ;
partnerships ;de«ds; wills draMrn;fees low;open
fve'g. THURSTOX. 1008% iOsx.. r. «. op. 5th.
ADVICE free; open eve.: mrderate fee If suc-
cessful. EDW. R. SHIRRAN, 927 Market st.
ADVICE free : no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Martaot Et., oppr Mason.
L 8. CLARK. Emma Spredlcels bldg-.. 927 Mar-*
ket et.: consultation free; no fees in advance.
BOARDI.VG FOR CHILDREN*.
2 OR 3 children to board; g-ood home & moth-
er's care; 110 up.; sunny yard. 1607 California.
BUREAU TRUNKS^
ASK to see Lur-dbeck's Improved drawer
trunk; at all deale.-s or factory. 826 Howard.
BUSINESS CHA3CES.
A— 1600: LADY partner wanted; must be of
business ability; in cstabl. parlors for hair
treatment, etc.: bx-siness clears easily $300
per month; proprietress will teach incoming
partner. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26%
Keaxcy st-
A — J450; GOOD-PAYING saloon, close to the
water front; rent $25; must be sold at once
as owner is compelled to return to Michigan.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny Et.
A— $400; BRANCH bakery, delicacy store, with
4 furnished rooms; rent J3J; very best location
on FiUmore St.. and good paying. Call R. G.
WILKE. ZChi Kearny st.
A— $600; CIGAR store; rent 520: very beat stand
on Kearny St.; owner must leave for Fresno;
value in sight. Call R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny et. .
A— $400; DAIRY and produce store with horse
and wagon; 3 living rooms; place established
£ years; doing good business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $1400; SALOON: choicest location on Market
st.; net rent $80; fine fixture* and good pay-
ins business; investigate at once; a splendid
and rare chance. Call R. G. TVILKE, 26V4
Kearny Et.
A— $3000; CORNER saloon with lunchroom on
Market St.; a first-class place; owner sick in
the country; must sell at once; investigate and
make offer. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— $500; CHOP and oyster house on Market st.;
rent $30: daily receipts $30 and above; owner
called East by death. Call R. G. WILKE.
26% Kearny st.
PARTNER wanted in a restaurant; $150. Mc-
BRIDE & CO., 1016 Market 6t.
CHOP house. $125. McBRIDE & CO., 1016
Market et.
A DELICACY and lunch room, $230. McBRIDE
& CO.. 1015 Market st.
GROCERY and bar. $300. McBRIDE & CO..
1C16 Market st.
ISC— PARTNER wanted; great chance In a
paying office. McBRIDE & CO.. 1016 Market.
A— $650; SALOON; central location; well
stocked with liquors. RETSLOFF, 906 Mar-
ket St.. room 12, corner Ellis.
A— $300; PARTNER wanted; light business;
must be steady, reliable man. satisfied with
SIS to $25 a week: no experience required;
trial given before buying. 25 Geary st.. r. 1.
RESTAURANT on Market 6t., near city front;
cheap 'rent; at sacrifice on account of going
north. For particulars call 550 Mission st.
A PROFITABLE proposition can secure the
cervices and small capital of an accomplished
business woman. Box 426. Call office.
SALOON for sale cheap; must be sold this
week; good location; cheap rent. Inquire
1206 Market St., rooms 9-10.
J450 — CANDY stand, stock and fixtures: down-
town; snap. RETSLOFF. 906 Market St., r. 12.
FOR sale — First-class cigar store at invoice
price if sold to-day. JAS. COOK. 93 Third st.
WANTED- Party with $250 to go into good
paying business; half interest. Box 438, Call.
WANTED— A paying barber shop for cash;
no ether need answer. Box 432, Call office.
WANTED— Partner: $300; assist place; valuable
invention on market. Address Box 456. Call.
LADY wishes gentleman to buy interest in
business. Box 361. Call office.
FOR sale— Splendid paying restaurant; apply at
once; partners disagree. 217 Sixth st.
PARTNER wanted; manufacturing business;
good chance for active man; will yield to
f-ach about $90 a month; duties light and
easily acquired; capital required. $500. DON-
NELLY & CO.. 632 Market st.
AN unusually good chance is offered to parties
wishing to purchase nice, pleasant business
in city; price $600. Particulars of J. F. CRO-
6ETT. 216 Sutter st.
J300— BAZAAR, notions, etc.; nicest little store
in the city; cheap rent, with rooms; great
bargain. Calif. Business Ass^n. 86% Market.
CORNER procery and bar; 4 living rooms;
bath; large barn: rent $20; death cause sale-
no agents; map. Box 109. Call office.
BRANCH bakery and variety store; a bar-
gain. 2760 Mission st.; no agents.
$3C0 AND $350— Fine opportunity to invest In
ettablished blacksimth business; price In each
cage covers stock, tools and good-will Ad-
drees^box 2S3. Call office.
GEO. NEWTON, 759 Market st— Large lists of
lodjrlng houses, restaurants, hotels, ranches
business chances; all kinds for Bale or ex.
J^OS-LAUNDRY route: good horse and wagon;
full Investigation^ 3372 Mission st.
FOR sale — Small restaurant; cheap; two livine
rooms. Box 410, Call office. - s
ALL unused stamped bank checks bought- also
documentary stamps. R. Garvey, 1008 Call bid.
GOOD change for bakery and coffee house -
liberal terms. 321 Ellis 6t.
I'RORPKCTOR needs backing to uncover rich
ledge. Box 107. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
reefiit'd at Call branch office. 22C0 Fillmore st.
LODGIAG-IIOUSES FOR SALE.
aiAJUON UIMFK1N. 719 Market, rms. 1 "and 2
I have 4 sal-smen; long list; money to loan.
II room*; rent $20; near Market st $200
:3 romns; r«-nt SSS: incoma $75...; .- 300
17 rjciris; rnnt $W: clears $73 a month.... 7"J»
2» jv»"tn!<; rsnt $40; income $110 R00
SI rooms: rent {45; clears J35 month .. 1200
S9 roost*} rent SCO; Income J200 1500
43 roGir.s; rent S120; clears $U« a month.. 3000
M jocir.s: fire corner p.partment house 2300
£3 rooms; Brill exchange for a Tarm 4000
hi rooms ; a ju j:ujii;:U corner 2G0O
, I $275— FLAT, 7 rooms and bath; worth $300; must
. j sell. i)?;CKEH. K'l'O Market st.
IQ-P.OOM house: Tine location $<j-3
, H-roon; hoi^se: sood; transient -,^
24 rooms; on Gears' st Jj?™
100 rooms; clears $350; payments to suit... 6000
16 rooms; transient; only ?W0 cash <*>
6-room flat; fine corner
36 rooras; on Market Et 1300
i 10 roonjs; north of Market Et 4«0
42 rooms; clears every month $300 1600
I rooms; fiat near City Hall 42j>
15 rooms; fine comer; claars $50 tfOO
S rooms; good j>iano; must sell 425
4S rooms; hott-1 a:id bar.. 1500
IS rooms; on Sixth St.; clears $S0 .*.. S00
24 rooms; on Market st.:. clears $150 160ft
IS rooms; corner; Just like home 1500
10 rooms; on Mason sst.; new 750
; 22 rooms; offices; clears $250 3500
21 rooms: $600 cash, balance payments 1210
FRENCH AND GERMAN SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.
, ATTENTION, BUYERS'.
. OUR MOTTO SQUARE DEALING.
1 NO TKOUBLS TO SHOW HOUSES.
Any of the following on monthly payments:
22 rooms: sacrifice; clears $150 $S5(i
7-rcon» flat; a bargain 650
14 rooms; choice location flOO
• 6-room flat: new furniture 273
l 15 rooms; full of Heady roomers 850
14 rooms; transient: clears $125 650
17 rooms, $7C0; 12 rooms S00
21 rooms; $500 cash, balance payments.... 1000
SO rooms; rent flOOr' clears $250 1300
100 rooms; grand corner; clears $400 6000
28 rooms; on Mission >. 200
MONEY LOAKKT) Phone John 531
A. H. RETSLOFF. 3C6 Mrkt. cor. Ellis, r. 12.
A." CAMERON* & CQ>, ~~
*50 Market St., and S Stockton St.,
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bu*:i 828.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with km; We have cash customers
lor all ri7.ru and prices, bee list of bargnlns.
C5 r.: corner; downtown; sunny $3500
43 r. ; rent $165; good fur., carp.; trans.. 1300
Notice — IS r. ; rent J£0; NE. cor.; 6 years'
lease; new house; elegant furniture.... 1800
Money leaned on deferred payment*, 1% p. c.
22 r.; rer.t $10G; mahogany and oak fur. 1500
17 r. ; rent $50; 6th el.; good house 850
8 r.; rent $40; oak furniture 425
, Over 500 houses lined. Call before buying.
' 11 ROOMS; rent $35; must be sold $400
| 12 rooms; choice location; rent only 510... 450
, 7 rooms; nicely turn.; good home ., 373
10 rooms; good fur., carpets; liu«h St.... 800
4i> rooms; line sunny corner; central 3740
; Z5 rooms: corner: everything new; snap.. 2500
ICO r. ; fine location; good money maker.. 6000
ICCOO— 37 rooms; Kills; clears $200 over all
; $650 — 14 rooms; O'Farrell; rent $45; bargain.
$500— 6-room flat; grand furniture; rent {25.
$1100 — 17 rooms; money maker; rent $55.
! {650 — 8 rooms; now being furnished.
S2E0O — 70 rooms; Ellis; rare opportunity.
We loan money on en" proposition. DONALD
INVESTMENT CO., feSO Market Et.
WINSTON & WOLF.
! 1026 Market st.. telephone Jessie 2211.
15 rooms; nicely furninhed; snap.....' $1175
29 rooms; pays well; good location $1400
32 rooms; bsst transient in the city $2200
18 rooms; all on one floor; bargain $900
, 12 rooms; beautiful yard; grand $1500
3 mortgaged houses; must be sold.
. McBRIDE & CO., 1013 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
20-room house, $S50; 6-room house, $123; 10-
room house. $150; 10-room house on Eddy St.,
$650; ll-room house. $650; 20-room house, $1500;
21-room house, $1250; half cash, balance to
suit the buyer.
FISHER & CO.. 935 Market, phone Folsom 1592.
34 r $1400 22 r $800 16 r $S00
20 r 1153 20 r 800 14 r 430
18 r 1000 13 r 600 12 r 403
15 r 700 8r 350 10 r 400
8r 5'tO 6r 225 7 r....:. 225
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1911.
317 Market St., near Fifth.
SUNNY comer— 60 rooms; rent $100; price $2500;
$700 can remain; can run as hotel, rooming
or housekeeping. Corner Twelfth and Frank-
Iln sts.. Oakland. The Merrett.
SPIRITUALISM.
A~CONVINCING' 25c test seance to-niehtPTf
you are in- doubt as to what steps to take
in social or business life attend this seance
»nd have the right path pointed out to ycu.
BROCKWAY, The Ps/chlc. 299 Hyde St.,
cor. Eddy. ¦
COME & see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances;
Sun., Tues.. Frl., 8 p. m., 50c; you can speak
to spirit friends face to face, recognize them:
five names; received medals from many
countries; taken last world's record medal
Paris Fair. 10S4 Bush st. ; tel. 2275 Larkin.
DEVELOP your medlumistic gifts; ladies given
proof before beginning; guaranteed full names
90 days. 724 Post. nr. Leavenworth. Franklin
on door.
A — Mrs. Dr. Farnham, spiritual medium and
life reader; mining- a specialty; cir. Sun., Wed.
and Fri. evenings. 1035 Market st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium:
life reader; medical clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car.
BROCKWAY'S. 25c; seances this week, Tues.,
Wed. and Friday, 8:15 p. m. ; full names to
every one; readings dally. 299 Hyde, cor.Eddy.
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak St.: circles Tuesday
and Friday, 8 p. m. : Wednesday ladies, 2:30
p. m., 10c; readings daily, 50c.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night, 6C5 McAllister: 10c; come, skeptics.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night; also Wed.;
best tests 10c; readings dally. 148 Sixth st.
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night except Sat.; 10c. 148 Sixth St.. 2d floor.
EARLE. independent rlate writer; 328 Ellis; tel.
Po!k 1601; seance Tues. and Thurs.. 8 p. m.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J. •
Meyer: sittings dally: test to all to-night. 10e.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un- i
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes- ;
tic. love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 120G Mar-
ket St., corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT. ' !
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fail; permanently lo-
cated at 125 Turk st. ; readings by mall.
MME. MONTAGUE. IT ~~ ™~
Truthful predictions in all affairs of life;
gives names, facts, figures; gives luck; honest
predictions in love affairs; reunites separated,
not one failure: letters answered. 116 Turk.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife:
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays; hours 10 to 8 p. m. 215Vfc Sixth St.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c;
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
paHnlEt, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th; private readings daily. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m
FREE, ladies, morning. September; free test
readings, future events and questions; abso-
lutely, free. 721 Post; open 10 to 6. Franklin.
PROF. JOHN J. HULTHEN^ clairvoyant,
palmist and card reader: reveals past, present
and future; 50c. 1007»4 Market st.. near Sixth.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader;
German spoken: 25c up. 777% Market st.,rm.lS.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only lfe; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna St.. nr. Fourth.
MRS/ irtELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th ;German spoken ;tel. Howard 1846.
MRS. Dr. Valecn, 1583 Market «t.. nr. 12th:
clairvoyant, palmist, bus. medium; advice.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, cardreader; ladles
25c. gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth St.
MME. HANSEN, card rf-ader and palmist; tells
past, present, future, 25c. 148 6th st., room 14.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; ladles 25c,
gents &Oc. 351 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
M. WILLE, crystal seer, clairvoyant, medium;
sittings, 9 a. m. to 8 p. m.; 50c. 326A Ellis st.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana:'
only 10c;from 1 to 8 p. m. 262 Minna st..nr. 4th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader '.palmistry;
truth or no pay: 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader-
Fittings dally. <48>£ Jessie et.. bet. 5th and 6th.
MME RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
, ad\ice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CAUPET BEATIKG AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
rend to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st. :-tel South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning
3c;renovated;relaid. 105 14th st.; tel. Capp 2542.
CARPETS beaten or laid. 3c per yard. CHAS
PARRY. 3511^4 Market St.; phone Mint 1095.
I -A-pVAN'OE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
! tel. Main 394. , GEO. WALCOM & CO..' Prop.
[ RUDOLPH & CO.. carpct-beatthg works; prices
I _ I !i a f£ n i^ ble .- I 703 Ha Tison; tel. Mission 263.: -'
i CONKLFN'S Superior Carpet-beating 'Worksl
' Golden Gate ave.: telephone ' East ltH.-.:
. CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. O. H.
) STEVENS. Mgr.. S8-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
» J J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Iteno-
1 vatlng Co.. 210 Fourteentn st. ; tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS. . : ; .
PROF.Strassburger fromN.Y., specialist on feet.
diploma T.P.S.S.N.Y.; Chronicle big., rm. 7«.
BUNIONS," corns, ingrown nails; painless cure.
PR. DUNCAN. 206 Kearny St.. room 307.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.» -
DENTISTS.
A— Dlr. T. S. HIGGINS, i»27 Market street.
Emma Spieckels building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry: pure gold filling $1 sO;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed, $5 up; a good metal plate; $15;
gold and porcelain crowni $5 to $10; teeth
without plate: painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bids., you can
havo ycur extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, y a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to
2 p. m. J. "VV. TH/ fCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prlzes.for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed ; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'FarrcIl gt.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,'
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; filling*.
BOc: plates, $5: full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Pental Parlorp, 24 Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy St.— Work done
on weekly Installments: lowest rates.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bu»-h—
Full *et of teeth. $4: crowns, $3: fillings. 25c.
YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work by
going; to DR. BROWN^jrt Sixth st. . -
BET of teeth without plate. . DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 I'olk st.
DR. R. Is. WALSH, 815% Geary, nr. Lsrkln— I'aln-
less extraction 50c; plates $5up; phone Polk 1135.
DR. II. O. TRUMAN, denlst, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
VAN VHOOM— "Painless"; evenings and Pun-
day*. 1001 Market «t., corner Sixth.
CHEAPEST innrt best in Amer!ca-The Weekly
Call, 16 vnnev. font to any address in the
• United Stat*-* or Canada om* year for >1.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY' S C. P. dog eoap by druggists
or at tho Hospital. 510 Golden Oate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. w5i
PILGER, 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
JIcPOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
Ki>lCAilO.\.\l..
AYRES' Leading Business College. 723 Market—
$S per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc. ; experienced teachers;
new typewriters: positions secured; cat. free.
A — The official reporters of the Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE; is this advice worth fol-
lowing? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an r.ccredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. , ¦
CALIFORNIA Medical College, regular term
- opens October 7. Full information write D.
MACLEAN. M. D.. dean, Donohoe bldg., S. F.
ACTING, elocution, specialties. Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rolt bldg.-; individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.mining.mech, sur-
vey, essay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
fler Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
era is TARR, the expert, 220 Parrott bldg.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only ?60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market st.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Ma«on st.
ACTING — Send to Grand Opera-house for cir-
cular of Grand Opera-house School of Acting.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep., $6. mo.
MARY P. 'WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
PROF. L. MERKI, experienced teacher: violin,
mandolin, guitar; juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON' S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night .class. 424 Pine St.
HE ALP'S Business College, 24 Post st., S. F.;
founded 1S63: new SO-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. • 3024 Mission, nr. 6th\
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lenria Bt.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st*; tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411^ O'Farrell st.: tel. East 426.
SAM KEE & CO., employment office-^Best help;
estbd. 1850. 621% California St.; tel. Red 401.
CHINESE Employment Office— All kinds best
help furnished. 433 Bush St.; tel. James 1601.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliabla help. 524 Bush St.; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51SS.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situa-
tion: good ref.; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutler st.
A FIRST-CLASS French chambermaid and
seamstress desire* situation; good reference.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A FIRST-CLASS infant nurse desires situa-
tion; best of reference; city or country.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GENERAL housework or downstairs work an«l
cooking; wages $2o; city or country. Call or
address 721 Bush st. .
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes a few more
engagements by the day; terms $2. Box 446,
Call office. .
A FIRST-CLASS cook with 4 years' references
desires a situation in American family. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS French and German cook wants
situation in private family; wages $25 to $30.
Box 440. Call office.
SWEDISH girl would like to do general house-
work. Address 1209B Florida st. ,
WOMAN wishes .work by. the day .washing,
cleaning or ironing. 1036 I St., Sunset District.
SWEDISH young lady wishes situation to do
upstalr3 work and sewing; American family;
wages $25. 704 Clementina' St., near Eighth.
GERMAN girl wants a position to do cooking
or general housework. 1728 Bryant st. ...
YOUNG lady desires position as entry clerk in
office; accurate and a good penman. Box
418. Call office. . ¦¦- ¦¦
YOUNG woman, good cook, wishes situation;
/ no objection to large family. 345 Minna st.
YOUNG lady desires position; good. education;
large plain writer; envelope addressing. Ad-
dress box 365, Call office.
WOMAN • wishes situation to do general house-
work and cooking. Call at 1407 Scott st. ¦
MIDDLE-AGED I Protestant woman wishes
position as housekeeper. 314 Turk st . ¦ "
FIRST-CLASS boarding-house and hotel cook
wants situation; country preferred. 202 Sixth.
AN expert lady stenographer desires situation;
city references. Box 437, Call office.
GOOD home in refined family for girl of 14
where she can help before and after school.
- Box 427, Call office.
RESPECTABLE elderly, woman wishes situa-
tion as housekeeper for small family; city or
country; references. -Box 442, Call office.
YOUNG Scandinavian girl wishes a place to do
general housework. Please call at 316'^ Ritch
st., between Brannan and Townsend. '
EXPERIENCED lady stenographer and type-
. writer desires position; references. Address
box 447, Call office. . . .
YOUNG woman wants cooking and downstairs
work. 114 .Hayes st. • *
SITUATION wanted by competent Scotch
woman; a first-class, cook or housekeeper;
city references. Call 31 Market st.
RELIABLE woman wants position as cham-
bermaid in hotel. or rooming house, or light
housework: Please, call 704% Mission st. ..
EDCPERIENCED second girl wants situation,
city or country; best of references. 1 Cair at
944 Van Ness ave. : " .
WANTED— Situation to do cooking In private
family; city or country: has good reference.
Please call for two days S45 " Mission st. ; no
mall answered.. ' - : . ¦
A YOUNG lady; heat; with exceptional clerical
ability; desires immediate position; experi-
enced stenographer; typewriter; • bookkeeper;
salary $30 per month; references. M. JI.,
Box 404. Call office.
HELP WANTED MALE Con.
_____ — i ¦ ¦ -»«i
MEN WANTED IMMEDIATELY.
Carpenters,
Experienced Plledriver Hands.
Experienced Raftsmen.
For work in this city at China Basin, Potrero
and for various Jobs along the water front.
A13O for work at Mare Island and Hunters
Point drydocks.
Steady work at regular wages.
"We are starting new jobs daily, and will
put on all competent men applying at once.
BRIDGE AND WHARF BUILDERS' EM-
PLOYERS* ASSN..
4 California St.. room 13.
— _ , — — - .
WANTED— Able-bodied men able to handle
grain, etc.; none others need apply; wages 50o
per hour, board, lodging and protection In-
eluded. Apply to WM. THOMAS. 614 Bat-
tery st.
WANTED— Strevedorei. seamen, firemen, coa!-
passers. cooks and waiters; good wages; per-
fect protection afforded on Broadway wharf,
where employes are boarded and lodged on
•teamer lying alongslda; men working for
the company and giving satisfaction at this
time will be given preference in future. Ap-
ply to Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
Broadway wharf. San Francisco.
100 MEN wanted— Sailors, stevedore*. flr«mar •
laborers; steady employment; good wage-..;
Lumber Dealers' Association, 20) Examiner
bulldlnsr. Good board on veisel and trans*
portatlon night and morning; provided.
TEAMSTERS— Steady work; rood wapi. JOS
Front st. ¦
FIRST-CLASS waiter for hotel lunch counter-
single; sober; steady; wages $35 and found
I per month. Address Depot Hotel. Wads-
worth. Nevada. C. WALLSTAB.
WANTED— A few bright boy B to work In shirt
factory. Apply THE L. ELKT7S CO.. 23 and
31 Battery st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor still
i runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 150 larga
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25o
to tOc. 563 Mission st.. bet 1st and 2d its.
PENSION atty.. E. A, Bullis, r. 40, Phelaa
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Po»t. G. A. R.
WANTED— Jewelers. 328 Bush st, third floor
room 4.
ROCK drillers and quarrymen. Apply 233
Montgomery st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— A man that understands nursery
work and floral business. Call 500 Halght st.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
•hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st.
100 ORDINARY teamsterst Apply at 232 Mont-
gomery st.
YOTJNG man to do Janitor work for tuition Ini
San Francisco Barber School, 74LV Howard si
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes. $1 op; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms. 25c night; reading rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FiUmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st
•^ HOSPITALS. '
MENTAL and nervous diseases cared for at San
Elmo Hospital. 230 Douglass St.. San Fran.
¦^HORSES AND WAGONS.
H. BRANDENSTEIN & CO., has removed from
631 Mission st. to 819 Folsom st., with an as-
sortment of sale horses; also livery and
boarding; new boarders solicited; brick stable
to let for 20 horses.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
S27 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
DISSECTING subjects wanted. Apply to San
Francisco Veterinary College, 310 Golden
Gate ave. DR.- E. J. CREELY. dean.
ONE black road team, one carriage team. on»
fast road team. 721 Howard st.
FOR sale— Handsome English dog: cart. Ad-
dress box 251. Call office.
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL, 605 G. G. ave.
150 HEAD stock horses for sale. A. M. SCOTT
& CO.. 35 Dore st. S. F.
FOR sale— Pair of stylish dapple gray carriag*
horses; French stock. Box 68, Call office.
CHEAP— New panel body delivery, 1 laundry, I
baker's, 1 shoe, 1 grocery wagon. 82S Harrison.
BOYCOTT the ROBERTS Harness and Wagon
Co. ; he sells too cheap. 54 Eighth st. - .
FOR sale— Couse and buggy; cheap. Addreaa
box 63. Call office. - ..^
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc. cheap. EG AN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 533 Mission.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A HANDSOMELY furnished flat (7 rooms and
kitchen) for one year, or furniture for sale,
on account of owner leaving State. Address
H. H.. P. O. box 2685, city. ¦
TO let— Residence, 104 Guerrero St., near 13th:
10 rooms; sunny; high ground: garden: sani-
tary plumbing; 3 lines of cars; rent cheap
to permanent tenant.
HOUSE to let— 7 rooms and bath. 1403 Steiner
St.. near Ellis. _^
HOUSES TO LET — FIR.VI3HED.
HOUSE of 8 rooms and bath; handsomely fur-
nished; will lease for one year or more; gar-
den and convenient to car lines. 2315 Wash-
lnston st. ' •'.
HOUSES WASTED.
WANTED— In Alameda. a modern cottasre, i '
or 7 rooms and bath; rent $25. Address MRS.
J. F. B.. 19 Yerba Buena st. City.
WANTED— Unfurnished lodging-house. Ad-
dress H. CRITCHFIELD. 735 Montgomery st.
""' LOST AND POUXD. *
LOST— Monday night, about 10 o'clock. «, V 5* -
Geary St.. between Leavenworth and T f\
Ness ave., lady's small gold watch. oiV F
face. Return STEIN-SIMON'S. Second ana
Market sts.. or 2117^ Bush St.; reward.
LOST— Diamond cluster earring this morning,
between 12th and 19th sts., Castro and Harri-
son; liberal reward. , A. S. COHN, 930-3ii
Washington st.. Oakland.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs oM
gold and silver to make new watch cases. '
MATTRESSES ASD PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery: Al carpet cleaning: honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell st.;
tel. Bush 421.
~" MEDICAL.
DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and la
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken: the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment; fre*
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature: all classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR G
W. O'DONNELL. 1013 Market st.. opp. Fifth.
RETURNED
MRS. DA VIES has returned from her vaca-
tion and will be pleased to see her friends at
the old number. 1228 Market st.
HINDOOHERB AND MRS. DA VIES* origtnii
. method of treatment: maternity home; home
in confinement. 1126 Market St.. S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN, IMS Market-Reliable la-
dies" specialist: a prlv. home before anrl dur-
lng confinement; best medical care: low fees.
MRS..D. WYETH. ladies' specialist; home con-
finements; removed to 410 O'Farrell st.
MRS. D. KOHL, ladies' specialist, conflnem'f*"''
removed from Market — 410 O'Farrell stL
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly CaJL
16 pages, In wrapper for mailing Jl.per year.
HELP WASTED— AaLE Con.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 58«
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
......OFFICE OPEN 7 a. m. TO-DAY
K R MEN WE SHIP TO-DAY
FRUIT PICKERS WE SlilP TO-DAY
UKIAH
UKIAH *.
CAL. N.. W. RY
SANTA FE R. R
60 teamsters Ukiah, free fare
50 laborers Ukiah. free fare
25 men to cut right of way Ukiah
Free fare wages $2 to $2 50 day
........SANTA FE CO.'S OWN WORK
Stockton Fresno Merced
Bakersfleld and other divisions........
50 laborers to work' on section, steel, ballast
and extra gangs..
FREE FARE SHIP DAILY
FRUIT PICKERS ....WANTED TO-DAY
125 men and strong boys to pick all kinds of
Jruits $30 and found; fare from 50c to $2
25 men and strong boys to pick all kinds of
fruit, work in packing house and dry yards;
no experience $30 and found
10 men and boyB to work in packing house.
orchard company, .north
$30 and l'ound; long Job
MECHANICAL HKLP
Carpenters Rough carpenters
4 carpenters .to build barns, sheds, etc., coun-
try, $3 50 per day, see boss here
5 rough carpenters, city $3 a day
Plumber and pipe fitter. Institution
}2 and found
Carpenter, factory, south; boiler-makers'
helper, country. $2 2S day; camp blacksmith.
north $45 to $50 and found, see boas here
3 harness-makers, camps and ianches..$35, $40
3 machine blacksmiths; 5 blacksmiths anil
helpers; well borer
8 men handy with hammer a:nd saw.. $2 day
GOLD MINES SILVER
LABORERS— QUARRIES
5 single-hand miners, $75 and 160; 6 laborers,
new mine, no experience required, $60; 60 la-
borers, different gold and silver mines, $73, {80
and 140 and found; 25 drillers and hammers-
men; 600 laborers, different places, city and
country, $1 75 to %4 day; 2 laborers, factory,
$175 day; 5 men handy. with tools, city, $2
day; furnace man, etc.
10 laborers, no experience required, to cut and
work in brush.. 137 60 and found
:... SAWMILL— WOODS
10 laborers, no experience required, to work In
mills and yards, south, f 35 to }53 and found ; 10
lumber plleri; 6 crosscut w/yern. 143 and
found; 15 laborers, no experience required, for
different sawmill companies $33 to $60
head timber fellers, $45; second tlmb«u* feller,
$40; 5 laborers, no experience, sawmftKcom-
pany, San Mateo Co., $30 and found
10 laborers to work in mills and yards, So-
noma- Co., $30 and found
FARMS. DAIRIES, ETC
39 farm hands, steady jobs. *:.<S, $30 and $35;
6 ranch teamsters; 17 mllkeni, $30 and $33;
choreman, private place, $25; 7 stablemen and
hostlers. $60, . $35 and $30; gardener; farmer
and wife. $40; buttermaker and milker, $35; 2
young men, machine shop, $1 50 a day....
Young man, livlnsr with parents, as order
clerk andxwalt on customers
Milk wagon- driver, country.... $30 and found
Young man to learn nursery and green house
work, see boss here
Furniture salesman who can upholster;' team-
ster for mining company
BAKERS, HOTEL HELP, ETC
5 bakers, country shops. $45 and $50: cake
baker, $40: 2 butchers. $52; camp cook, $35; 3
ranch and camp cooks; dishwasher, ranch,
$25; 9 waiters; butcher for mine, $40; 7 cooks,
city and country
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED — Manager for a bazaar; experienced;
first-class references required. Address box
2313, Call office. Oakland.
STEADY, willing boy. 16 years, to learn trade:
good opportunity.' CARSON GLOVE CO 35
Market st.
A YOUNG man; one who has snme knowledge
of advertising. BOSTON OPTICAL Co. 11
Stockton st.
MAN and -wife to take charge of delicatessen
and coffee saloon. Apply D.. McRAE, 837
Mission at ¦
A GOOD union barber wanted. 479 Ninth st.
BARBER; union; for Wednesday night and
Saturday noon until Sunday noon. 511 Castro.
WANTED— A first-class barber tor 'Wednesday
Saturday and Sunday. Call 517 Montgomery
avenue.
WANTED— A man to work around a place. 1443
Harrison st.
PLAYERS of various Instruments wanted for
fine amateur orchestra. Box 435, Call office.
HOTEL Graystone— Boy to run elevator, 7 to
10 p. m. dally.
WANTED— Genteel boy, about 14 years, for
photo studio. HAUSSLER. 1418 Market St.
FIRST-class ladles' tailor; good jay. LESTER,
8 and 10 Kearny st.
BOY from 13 to 15 years old to . learn trade.
GLOBE GLOVE CO.. 52 First St.
WAITER wanted; to do all around work. 37
Eddy st. . "
BOY wanted to black boots in barber shop.
Corner Jones and Sutter sts.
GOOD tailor wanted for bushelinjr. at 625 Com-
mercial Et.
SHORT order night cook wanted. 612 Kearny
street. ' _^-"
STRONG boy wanted; call 8 a. m. F. J«' MIL-
LER, 2304 Fillmore st.
GOOD solicitors for McKinley memorial pic-
tures. Call 508 California St., room 34.
WANTED— A good cook in restaurant. 1507
Market st., near Eleventh.
YOUNG man, about 16 or 17 years, for men's
furnishing store. Address box 219, Call office.
GOOD finishers and apprentice on pants wanted
' at 935 Market St., room 16.
SHOP boy wanted. ELECTRICAL SUPPLY
CO., 60 First st.
BOY about 15 years of age; $4 a week. CITY
OF HAMBURG, 27 California Market.
COATMAKER and bushelman for country. Ap-
ply REISS BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter St., S. F.
GORDON press feeders wanted. :.13 Davis st.
WANTED— A good boy, 16 to 17 years, for book
store. 107 Montgomery st.
WANTED— Bright boy about 16 years old. Ap-
ply S. N. WOOD & CO.. 713 Ma.rket st.
WANTED— Bright young man, 18 to 20 years of
age.' Apply at HALE BROS., before 11 a. m.
WANTED— Cooks, waiters, porters, dishwash-
ers and kitchen help; no fee. 127 Mason st.
PANTS presser to take charge cf pants shop;
steady work; good pay. SELIG BROS.. 108
Battery, st.
A FIRST-CLASS bushelman wanted. Call 11
Battery st., 8 a. m. *
BOY at the CAL. CLOTHING RKNOVATORY,
116 Geary st.
PRESSERS at the CAL. CLOTHING RENO-
VATORY. 116 Geary st.
TWO lunch waiters wanted at 9 Drumm st.'
WANTED-r Young men and women. Call
14 Fifth st.
WANTED— An engineer who is familiar with
' one running planing mill. Address Box 441,
Call office.
WANTED— Dishwasher. Call .sarly at 135
East sX.
A TAILOR wanted on fine custom coats;
steady work and good pay. 533 Natoma st.
"WANTED — A general tailor and 'bushelman. at
M. J. MYERS & SON. 35 O'Farrell st.
COATMAKER wanted to work in store. 3056
Twenty-fourth st.
BARBER— Twelve months' experience, wants
position. Box 622, Call office.
WANTED— Experienced ; helper I in candy f ac-
tory. 721 Larkin st.
WANTED— Bartender. 29 Stockton st.
WANTED^-Musicians, first and second class,
for the Puget Sound Navy Yartl Band; E flat
clarinet; -solo B flat clarinets; cornets, altos;
trombones, barytone, tuba a no drums; men
who double In orchestra preferred; pay of mu-
sicians, first class, $32 and $9 ration ; , musi-
cians, second' class, $30 and $9 ration. Apply
to recruiting officer U. S. R. S. NIPSIC.
Navy Yard, Puget Sound, Bremerton. Wash.
WANTED — Blacksmiths, hor:=eshoers and
wheelwrights to go to Manila, -P. I. Apply
Depot Quartermaster's Office, ,36 New Mont-
gomery st. OSCAR F. LONG, Major and
.' Quartermaster, U. S. Army.
WANTED— A reliable man to act as night
watchman and porter; a steady place to right
• man. Address box 108. Call office. .
A FEW good solicitors between 9. and 10. 206
Kearny St., room 511.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
.less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 fee.t 1
-' inch; able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
office, 40 Ellis st., San Franclnco.
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers; tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co.
near "Weavervllle. Trinity Co.. Cal.; apply on
work; steady work, >good board and best
•wages in State. San Francisco Construction
Co., 26 Montgomery St., room 23. San Fran-
cisco. Cal.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires eight
• weeks; positions secured at $60 monthly-
special Inducements this month; write at
once for free catalogue. MOLER BARBER
COLLEGE.. 635 Clay st.
GOOD driver for mineral - water wagon; must
have reference and security. Box 294, Call.GRAND
H Kraft, Maxwell
J Lonergran, Stanford
ti L Cory. Fresno
L Pratt. N Y
W S Davis, S Rosa
J B Cooper. Cal
S C Kennell. Portland
M1S3 Huseman. Yreka
Mrs A very. Yreka
A Smith. L Ang
Al Wigg. Nomeu
W I Hupp. WeavervUle
Mrs E Darling. Napa
F Brandon & f . S Jose
C Curtis & w. Colton
Miss Irvine. S Rita
C Robinson & w, Cal
Miss Bittman. Kansas
Miss Streves, L Ang
P H Whitehead. N Y
J Kelnhart St. w. Cal
J M Gardiner, L Ang
G Hazzard & w. Cal
Miss Heltman. Honolu
,W Howard. Stockton
W Hood. Sacto
HOTEL. .
C Foster, Mass
W Maguire & w, Cal
W D Hopkins. Seattla
S Jones. Fresno
J Smith, Fresno •-¦ v '
Mrs Foley, N T
Mrs Murphy NT I
W S Hoyt, Fresno.
C G Bonner, Fresno
J T Harmes. Sausallto
C Dahlstrom, S Josa -
E L Webber. Napa
J Abrams, S Rosa
Mrs Adalr. Chicago
J A Mackay & w. Cal
O H Wllloughby. Cal
M Marks. OrovlHe' .
C C HIckok. Colusa
L F Moulton. Colusa
H Kemp. . Chicago
J Keating-. Portland
E Falkenburg. Mo ¦.
D Newton. Louisville
M Doyle & w. Selma
A-Morlson. Jamestown
F Kelsllng. S Jose
PALACE HOTEL.
J T Lynch, Stanford
E J Skllman, N Y
C Morean, USA
E C Kienan. U S A-
E A Davis, Chicago
E It Jones, Stanford
T F Seabrooke. N T
E H Wedekind. Spok
I E Levl. N T
A B Thomas, NY
J E Ryder. Chicago
H R Jacobs, Portland
Mrs L. Kahn. NT
Mrs S H Levy. NT
S D McKeown. Pa
Mrs B V Collins. I* A
C A Canfield & w, L A
C E Day & w, Mont
F A Hudson. Ohio
E J Seymour. Chicago
J M Root. Chicago
Mrs J Wolfskin. L Angj
Miss 'Wolfskill. L Ang
W K Etler. Nev \
Mrs D M Delmas, Mt
View -
Miss Delmas. Mt View
W A Brewer. S Mateo
Helen F Barnett. N Y
F E Clark. NY
A H Baldwin, WashDC
T J Jones & w, Nev
H C Moore. S Jose
E Regrout. Holland
W J Klley. 'San Mateo
B Sulka. NY
H B Winters & w.
Paris
H Abrahams. N Y
J H Henry, San Jose
C Miller. San Jose
Mr & MrsGroundwater,
Shanghai
M Mendelsohn. L Ang
C M Faris. Stanford
E T Barnum &. w, : LA
Mr & Mrs Lfppincott,
Philadelphia -
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
R S Tllson, Ind .
J L Wedeman. Reno
J Coleman. S Rafael
P Shoemaker, S Rafael
W Devere & w. Seattle
Mrs Bowmann. Seattle
P Lundqulst. Minn
B C Bassage. Denver
F B Hank. Mo
T J Coelllns & w. Salt
.Lake -/ >; *-y'-\ •"» ii.
M M Murphy. Auburn
Mlsa Sackett. Truckeo
F R Flynn. Portland
E Gardner. L Ang .
Capt Ethelbretten. NT
Rev J -Erwlne & w.
Santa Cruz
L VIrson, St Helena
J Nelson. Sacto •
M Kelly. Oakland ¦
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
THE GEYSERS, .Sept. 18.— Ona of tha
largest, if not the largest, trout ever taken
from the waters of a Sonoma' County
mountain stream was brought in to-day
by Arthur L. Adams, an attache of the
San Francisco postofflce. Mr. Adams,
who Is here on his- annual vacation, 13
an adept -At trout fishing and has had ex
ceptional success. The big fellow, ha
hooked \o-day was caught In the gorge
less than 200 yards above the hotel. It
offered splendid battle and the fisherman
was forced to bring into use all his knowl- '
edge of the art before it was landed. Tha
trout measured exactly ¦ twenty Inches •
from Its nose to the tip of Its tall.
LANDS A MONSTER TROTJT.
Fifth race — One mile and a sixteenth; three
year-olds and upward. ' .- -¦.-...
2C62 El Mldo 1071 2654 6alantb.ua ..... 97
2642 Decoy 1071 2646 Alicia. ..107
2652 Wardman 975 2662 Lizzella ........Itf7
Fourth race— Six furlongs; four-year-oldj and
upward; selling.
2646 Frank Duffy.. ..1041 26<& Flamero 104
.... Trladitza ......110 2652 Merops .........104
2658 Vantlne liol 2663 Gusto 107
Third race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward; selling.
2639 Fine Shot 111 ..., Corrtente Ill
2644 Katie Walcott..Ul (2865)Saul of Tarsus. Ill
2648 First Shot Ill 26S5 Lou Clieveden..lll
2643 Almoner Ill ,
• Second race— Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
selling.
2650 Flattered ......102| 2650 Jennie Hushes. 153
2643 Wander' g Boy.102 2655 Dawson 109
2653 Senator Bruce.. 103 1 2655 Flo Culver...... 109
The entries for to-day's events are as
follows : ¦.
First race— 2:12 pace; mile heats; three in
five. ¦ . . . •
Queen B ' I Doc 'WUkes
John A I Midnight ' ¦
Gaff Topsail I Edna R < ..
To-Day's Entries.
Time, 1:30.
LfUcidla 105 and Ringmaster 106 also ran.
First race, trotting, 2:14 class, beats, 1 la $.
Dan W, rn. *., by Hero-by .
Mambiino Prince (Albertson) 4 S S 1 S 1 X
Boydello, b. h., by Boydell
(Lefferty) I 1 I 4 1 S I
Alta Vela, b. h., by Election
eer (Hooper) 2 I 4 I Jr.*.
Osita, br. h., by McKlnnoy
(Mulnolland) 1 4 1 S 4 dls.
Tlme-2:21, 2:23,2:23. 2:33, J:S3. 2:29%. 2:32.
Second race, five and a half furlongs, selling;
purse. {250.
S. Mctfaughton's en. g. Saul of Tarsus. 4. .
109, by Watercress- Judith (Ruiz). 2 to l;... t
Flamero, ch. g., 5, 109. by Flambeau-Boniar
(Russell). 2 to 1 >
Del Vista, ch. jn.. 4, 109. by Del Mar-Playful
(J. Walker). 7 to I S
Time. 1:10%.
The Gaffer 103. Master Cal 103. Firelight II
109 and Sugden 109 also ran.
; Third race. Golden Gate handicap, ate fur
longs; purse, $250. ....
Philip Ryan's b. gr. Sir Dougal, 4, 112, by
Dandy Dinmont-Queen Fisher (Ruiz). 2 to 1 1
Kitty Kelly, br. m.. 4. 96, by Apache-Play
Toy (Duggan), *3 to 2 S
Mike Strauss, br. g., 4. SS, by Iroquo la-Gypsy,
(Hoar), 8 to 1 3
Time, 1:15%.
David S -111 and Good Hop* 107 also ran.
•Coupled with. David S. ...
Fourth race, five furlongs, selling, two-year
olds; purse, $230. *
D. Cameron & Co.'s b. t. Parlzade. 105. by
St. Carlo-Partisana (Russell). 3 to 1 *
Royalty. 106. b. g., by Cavalier-Empress of
Norfolk (Tullett), 6 to 5 X
Inocencia, 109, ch. f.. by Emperor of Nor
folk-Espirata-Santa (Hoar), 2 to 1 X
. Time, 1:02%.
Evea G 105 and Arthur Roy 100 also ran.
Fifth race, seven furlongs, selling: purse, 1250.
J^ Conway"s ch. f. Helen Smith, 105. by Tren
tola-EHa Smith. 106 (Russell). IS to 1 X
Mike Rice, b. gr.. a. by J. H. Fenton-Mrs. Mc-
Allister (Tullett), even j J", |
Jim McCleevy, ch. h.. a, 114. by Linden-Ver
bena (Foucon), even 3
Summary.
No better or more exciting sport could
be desired than that which marked tha
opening: of the Golden Gate race meeting
at Emeryville track yesterday. The asso
ciation caters to both the harness and
running horse elements, and, strange to
relate in this section of the country, the
2:14 trot was the salient feature of tha
entertainment. Seven subbornly contest
ed heats were necessary before the roan
horse Dan W, driven by J. Albertson, was
eventually returned winner.
The attendance was surprisingly large,
there being a bis gallery, and the rinj
was crowded with speculators dressed m
their best betting clothes. Three regrular
books and a combination book had all the
business they could attend to. Besides
the trot four running: events were de
cided, with the choices all bowled over.
"Chief" Russell and "PI" Ruiz each pilot
ed a brace of winners. . - - .
Unfortunately the programme was te
diously drawn out, through no fault qf
the management. Some of the horses
were late In arriving from Sacramento,
but this will be obviated to-day and the
racing will begin promptly at 1 o'clock.
Bookmaker Caesar Young lost the ser
vices of his consistent mare Good Hope in
the Golden Gate handicap, at six fur
longs. She was a hot favorite, with
Ransch up, and about three furlongs from
home, while leading, was cut down. An
examination showed the tendon complete
ly severed. Her racing days are over.
An upset closed the session. "Butch"
Fisher sent Helen Smith # to the barrier
for the first time, and at odds of 15 to 1
the Trentola filly landed the merchandise.
Russell let her slip to the front and she
lasted just long enough to beat Mike Rice
a half-length. Jim McCleevy, the favor
ite, ran third.
Choices in Running Events
I Are Outfooted — Good
Hope Ruined. /
Golden Gate Race , Meet
ing; Draws Big Crowd
at Emeryville.
DAN W THE STAR
OF 0PENING DAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.!,, TUESIXAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1901.
11
\Shanahan Florist Co.
ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable .\
107 POWELL ST.N« R ELUS 25K5O56
OCEAN" TBAVBL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
k -'¦ Steamers ¦ leave Broadway
; *• Wharf, San Francisco:
SMiifc, For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m.,
¦BBMBfe Sept 13, IS, 23. 28. Oct. 3.
MB*K38Sifc. Change to company's steam-
i §9wnErcK3 'ers at Seattle.
nfi&9H 'Bn For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
*""^xMi c -)< Port Townsend, Seattle,
i L^^SSBSSvi Tacoma, Everett and New
""^HSQat Whatcom " (Wash.)— 11 a. m..
-.-' ¦ T^^ .Sept." 13. . 18. 23. 28, Oct. 3.
. . ! • Change at Seattle for' this
company's steamers for. Alaska and G. N. Ry.;
at Seattle or Tacoma for N. P. Ry.; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry. ¦ • , '
For Eureka' (Humboldt Bay) — 1:30 p.m.. Sept
14, 19. 24. 29, Oct. 4.
? For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Fort Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m. :
steamer State of California, Wednesdays, 9
a. m. ' , .. t .. . ,
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz.
Monterey, San Simeon, . Cayucos, Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo),. Gavlota, • Santa ¦ Barbara.
Ventura, Hueneme, . East San Pedro, San x Pe-
dro and *Newport (*Corona only) — Steamer Co-
rona. Saturdays, 9 a.m.; steamer Bonita, Tues-
days, 9 a. m. . . -
For Ensenada, Magdalena- Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a.m.. 7th each month.
For further information obtain company
folders. '
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, galling days and hours of sailing
without previous notice. ¦
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New . Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
' i v •;- . - 10 Market st.. San Francisco.,
Lewlstoo. Coeur d'Alene and Boise City
r ' .. Gold Mining Districts.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent.
No. 1 Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
"COLUMBIA RIVER ROUTE."
Portland to all points East and in the North-
west..
"Chicago-Portland Special.?'
i . SuDerior Service— Quick Time.,
THE SHORT LINE TO • ;.
Walla Walla and Spokane, and the Baker City.
oi /?; TV: CO,
¦ New York and Antwerp. . ¦
.From New 'York Wednesdays,' at 12*noon.
•Zeeland Sept 2.*| *Vaderland .....Oct. 16
Friesland Oct; 2 Kensington Oct. 23
Southwark ..Oct. 9) *Zeeland Oct. 30
•Stop at Cherbourg eastbound. ¦
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
CHAS. D. TAYLOR, .
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
RED STAR LINE.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound. »
From New York Wednesdays, at 10 a. m.
Haverford Sept. £1 St. Paul Oct. 3
St. Louis........ Sept. 2." St. Louis ....Oct. 16
Philadelphia ...".Oct. 2 Philadelphia ..'..Oct. 23
NEW TORS, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PABIS.
AMERICAN LINE.
UlXdlSSC^.oXOc ZEALAND AHO SYDNEY
VVVUm^ W»-W VC aiREcruNETO TAHITI. .
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti ....:..... .
...Sept. 19, 10 a, m.
S. S. MARIPOSA, for Honolulu
..T Saturday, Sept. 21, 2 p. m.
S. S. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck- •
land and 'Sydney... Thursday, Oct. 3, 10 a. m.
J. D.SPRECKELS k BROS. CO., Genera. Agents. 327 Harkec St
Cen'l Passenger Office; 643 Market St, fisr Mo. 7. Pacific St
' Cabin, $105; Steerage, $40; Meals Free. ¦ '
5. S. Argyll sails Monday, , Oct. 14
6. 6. Lcelanaw. sail* Thursday. ' Oct. 24
S.S.Argyll ' sails Monday, Dec. 2
6 From Howard-street Wharf at 2 p.' m.
Freight and Paasenger Office, 330 'Market st.
¦ F. F. CONNOR, Pacific , Coast Agent.
PANAMA R. R, 5 S ?
TO NEW YORK .VIA PANAMA DIRECT,
MUSICAL ISSTRU»iextS---Coii.
ATTENTION. PIANO BUYERS!
1 Pohmer, Byron Mauzy, Gabler. Lester, Ham-
ilton and Splelman pianos to be had* new
only at BYRON MAUZY' S. SOS. 310. 312 Poit.
»50— EMERSON and 7 bargain • uprights and
baby grand. Fay's Piano Facto'ry, 1729 Missn.
LEFT on sale— Novella upright. $37; Steinway
upright, $165. Room 38. 217 Geary at
ABSOLUTE sacrifice— Fine large 3-pedal up-
rlght piano Reaving city. 770 O'Farrell st.
BTEINwat, $200; Hartman. $100; elegant new
pianos. U50 up. W. C. Hamilton. 8 Floofl bldg.
ELEGANT piano as good as new; standard
make; a sacrifice. Hornung's. 216 McAllister.
AT- KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk St.. near Market—
Ehonlnger. Schubert and Stelnway bargains.
175 AND upward— Fine uprights. PIERCE' 3
Piano Factory. Market. 14th and Church sts.
A SPECIAL for this weik- J*UO piano for $275.
BRUENN. 208 Post et.
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent, $3 per
ma. SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
GOOD second-hand > upright for sale cheap.
ECHMITZ. 1« McAllister «t
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
TO Lease— 3 sunny lofts or separate, 65x60 feet;
electric elevator service and water free. Ap-
ply COLLINS. 500 Mission St. -_^
t Olli.
OIL tanks, second-band, in good order: all
sizes: chean. H. 8. WHITE. 61« Mission st
. PAIXTEItS AKD DECORATORS.
ROOMS papered from $3 up; whitening done.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 3>9 3d; tel. Red 3521.
PHYSICIANS AND " SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residency
1021 M Market st., between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; see
testimonials at office, 115-117 Masou, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WO, herb doctor; sanitarium.
764-766 Clay St.; see testimonials at office.
DR. NG TOT KEE. 210 Stockton St., opp.
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
PAL.SIISTRY. '
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist; head and face
reading; lessons given. 617 Jones st.
PERSONALS.
ANYBODY knowing the whereabouts of ADA
ELLIOTT, 7-year-old child, who disappeared
since school hour this a. m. (Monday), kind-
ly notify parents. Coal yard. Twenty-third
Et.. bet. Valencia st. and San Jose ave.
ONE BOTTLE of Pinus will cure any case of
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; price
$2 50 per bottle. For circulars, Plnus Med.
Co.. 734 Valencia St.. S. F. ; tel. Church 1571.
ELECTRIC light In every . room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
tl WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. $15 up; fine dress suits, $20 up; ele-,
grant overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS, 1117
Market st.. between Seventh and Eighth.
WHITE enamel Jron beds, eingle, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1812 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 457 Minna st.
A — If your hair is falling or you are bald, call ou
Dr.I.G. Moore, 332 O'Farrell; send for circular.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
OBESITY cured: no dieting; no weakening. THB
A' VIDA CO.. 736 Valencia St.. bet. ISth and 19th.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists. ' ¦
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
TAILOR-MADE EUits. $7 50; dress pants, $! 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. S17 Market st.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
PLAMXG AXD TURXIXG MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planing. Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont St.
REAL. ESTATE — CITY—FOR SALE.
EIX, seven and eight room cottages: also two
Cat houses in block between 17th, ISth, Castro
and Noe sts.: J ,i cash, balance monthly pay-
ments; CaMra or Guerrero-st. cars. F. NEL-
RON. builder. - • ;.
SPLENDID bargain— Large double house and-
cottage; house 384-386 San Jose ave (corner
Twenty-sixth st); cottage 360$ Twenty-sixth;
desirable sunny corner. Address Box 2S0.-Call.
LOT wanted — Contractor will build house or
flats and take lot as part payment. Box
416. Call. ij> _
WELL-BUILT modern 7-room residence, with
bath: 2 blocks from park. Inquire £60 Mission.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY Fop Sale
EPECIAL bargain— 160 acres land, near Yuba
City. Sutter County, short distance from
Harysville; all rich valley land under- culti-
vation; good buildings and well watered and
fenced: this land will be cold in whole or In
part at a very low price; also 140 acres, atl
under cultivation; rich valley land; good
buildings; well fenced; short distance from
Yuba City. Sutter County: will be sold In
whole or in part to suit purchaser, and at an
extremely low price. The two abeve pieces
are situated in the heart of the fruit grow-
ing district of Northern California and should
be seen to be appreciated. If contemplating
purchasers will address box 4980, Call office,
for information a bargain will be given.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl. Sonoma Co.: future value assured, as
San Francisco is growinc rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co., 302 California St., for pam-
. phlets and information.
FOR barcains in timber land, fruit ranches,
suburban lots, farms, all through the State;
also large list of desirable city sites. See
The Phelps Lewis Co.. 702 Market st.
CHICKEN, and hog ranch for Bale; place for
eale or Tent; chickens, hogs, horse. 6Wlll
wagon, etc.; about $450. C. WILMOTT, 916
Market st.
HOG ranch to exchange for city property. Par-
ticulars apply 12 Vache St., off Crescent ave.
$2500— IMPROVED 'foothill farm, 204 acres: El
Dorado County, near R. R. Box 222, Call.
CHOICE farm bargains; call or' send for list.
¦Wooster, Whltton & Montgomery, 634 Market.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for eale: write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma, Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
MODERN cottage; first-class in every respect:
a few 'minutes' walk from narrow or broau
gauge; extra large lot; sacrificed on account
of departure; easy terms if desired. 1518
Benton et.. Alameda.
BARGAINS: improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure: U cash. Bank of Ala.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE!.
$250 cash, $6. monthly; lot 43 40-100x403 feet;
. grand chicken run; 3-room cottage, chicken
• house, eheds and all fenced; fine well ot Al
water; large row of shade trees; near electric
car line and 90-foot boulevard and 3-story pub-
,11c grammar school; soil, climate and view
the very best; no fogs nor cold winds here;
I price, all told. $675. Call or send for circular
455 7th St., opposite Broadway station Oak-
land; carriage free.. H: Z. JONES, owner.
$1800— IN Piedmont; modern Ea'stlake cottage
of S large rooms. 2 bay windows, bath. laun-
dry, high basement; lot 50x110 feet; sunny
tide; elevated ground; choice location; right
near the cars; will be Bold on monthly pay-
ments if desired. .- /
- GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
Exclusive agents for this property,
. 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
HOUSES of every description and price foi
eale or rent. Apply to W. E. BARNARD.
1118 Broadway: telephone Main 10.
OAKLAMD FURNITURE FOR SALE/
AN Introduction to yon from H. Schellhaai. tha
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CLAY. 1026—4 nice unfurnished rooms; bath;
all conveniences for housekeeping; $13.
ELLIS, 1164, near Gough— Elegant unfurnished
rooms, gag and bath.
GEARY. 813%— Two. three or four j furnished
hAieekeeping rooms; bath, gas range.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1404— Nicely furnished
front room and kitchen; also single front, $3.
HOWARD, 1703— A furnished bay-window room
for housekeeping; also tingle one. . -> ¦
COMPAGNIH GENBRAL3 TRANSATLANTIQU3
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.' ,.^.
Sailing every Thursday, instead ot <fflrfCST&
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42, iaflUwHSlB
North River, foot of Morton street; *L'Aqul-
talne, September 19; La Bretagne,. September
26; La Champagne. - October 3; *La Savoie, Oc-
tober 10. . . • • • • " • • '
First class to Havre,' $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson ' building), New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue; San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
?Twin Screw Express Steamers. ¦ .
DWYER— In this city, August. 21, 1901, to the
¦ wife of John H.Dwyer. a son. . . -
GOLDMAN— In this city, ' September 14. 1901, to
the wife of M. B. Goldman (nee Barasch), a
¦ daughter. ¦ ¦' >:•¦ ':. , . .
IVERSON-In! Oakland, September 13, 1901," to'
¦ . the .wife of Captain V. Iverson, a daughter.
McGRATH— In this city. August 28. 1901. to the
wife of Thomas F. McGrath. a Bon. ,¦ ; ¦ .V
\ ; MARRIED. ;
IMHAUS— HUMPHREY— In this city. Septem-
ber 15, 1901, at the Third Congregational
Church, : by the Rev. William Rader, Alfred
C. Imhaus and Laura B. Humphrey. .
:/ : ' died.,
Boretti,'- Elizabeth . . 1 McCann, Patrick" " ; .V-.-
Clark, James Bruce McConville. Jamea
Delaney, Mrs/ Laura McKernan, Ellen M.
' Donovan, James "¦-. Mitchell, Marion C.
Dowlinr, Teresa L. Modie, Sanford W.
Durney, Isabel Muser, Otto
Gibbs, Harriet E. . Oliver, William " -"
.Jacobi. Hannah - t* Paulson, Dr. Bernard
Kldd. Mrs. Phoebe A. Schuster. Frederick .
L'onjr," Ellen ¦ ' Stewart, John
Marron, Margaret Thompson, Henry - P.
McArdle. Nellie [
BORETTI— In' this city, September 15, 1901,
Elizabeth, beloved wife; of Giovanni Boretti,
• and cousin of Mrs. Conrad -Diehl, a native of
. Hcckwelzen, ¦ Germany, aged 47 . years 6
months and 12 days. - . ¦¦ ,
t^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
." fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
' (.Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
.dence, 1418 Pacific street.. Interment ' Laurel
Hill . Cemetery. ¦¦ : "¦'¦./ '. ¦
CLARK— In Oakland, SeiJtember 16, 1901, James
• Bruce, beloved son of Archie B. and Ida E.
Clark, brother of Mrs. Ella P. Cate, Nellie,
John, Herbert and- Preston ¦ S. Clark, a,
native of Oakland, aeed - 17 years and S
months.
DELANEY— In the Willows, near San Jose.
Cal., September 15, 1901, Mrs.. Laura G. De-
laney, relict ol the late Edward J. Delaney,
a native ! of California, S aged 60 years and
1 7 months. .¦ - j • • . .
-lu?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
: fully requested to attend the funeral to-
morrow (Wednesday), at 9:45 o'clock,- from
the family residence on Lincoln avenue,
thence to St. Joseph's Church at 10 o'clock,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul. Inter-
ment Cavalry Cemetery.
DONOVAN-In the City and" County Hospi-
tal, September 16, 1901, James Donovan (or
Donald), a native of Ireland, aged 73 years.
DOWLING— In this city, September 15. 1901;
Teresa . Loretta • Dowling, . •- dearly beloved
daughter of Mary Dowllng. and the late
Thomas Dowlinj,. a native of Nevada
County, Cal. (Ukiah- papers please copy.)
U->"~Kriends and acquaintances are , respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral' to-morrow
(Wednesday), ,at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
. residence, 114S Turk street, thence to St.
Ignatius Church. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. - , t -.
DURNEY— In- this city,' September 15. 1901, at-
St. Jose'ph's Home, Isabel Durney, a native
of Philadelphia. (Philadelphia papers please
copy.)
IE? A requiem .mass will. be. said at the
chapel of St. . Joseph's Home at 9 o'clock to-
day (Tuesday). Intermenfprlvate.
GIBBS— Entered into rest,' September 15, 1901,
Harriet E. Gibbs, widow of the late C. V. S.
Gibbs, and beloved mother 'of W.' C. and
Harry T. Gibbs, Mrs. John Stafford and Mrs.
; W. G. Holcomb, aged- 75 years.
G7"Funeral and interment private, owing
to sickness in -family. Please omit.flowers.
JACOBI— In this city, September . 16, 1901.
Hannah, beloved wife of David Jacobi.
mother of Louis H., Arther, Samuel, Daniel
• H., Tillie. Alice, and sister of David and
Julius Samuels and Mrg. Eliza Schwartz, a
native of Bechtheim, Germany, aged 72
years. 7 months and 8 days.
C^Funeral services will be held~ Wednes-
day at 10:15 o'clock from her late residence.
'. 827 Golden Gate avenue. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets. Funeral and
Interment strictly private. Please omit
flowers.
KIDD— In San Jose, September 15, 1901, Mrs
Phoebe A. Kldd, widow of the late Captain
George W. Kidd. (Nevada City papers please
copy.)
ICTFuneral services at the Unitarian
Church, San Jose, to-day (Tuesday), at
10 o'clock. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery,
' San • Francisco. ¦ ; ' ' ' •
LONG— In- Oakland. September 15, 1901, Ellen,
beloved wife of the late John- Long,' and
1 mother of Daniel W. and Nellie Long, a
native of Ireland, aged 58 years. : .
ICT Friends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral' to-morrow
(Wednesday), at ; 9:15 o'clock, from her late
residence, 619 Magnolia street, thence to con-
nect with the 10 o'clock creek boat for San
Francisco. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery,
San Mateo County. ,
MARRON— In this city,- September 16. ,1901
Margaret, beloved wife of John H. Marron,
and loving mother of William, .Agnes, Den-
nis, John and George Marron and Mrs. S.
Cowap and Mrs. M. Marrlnan, • and sister of
Mrs. C. Nolan and Mrs. John ! Ahern, a
native of Tipperary, Ireland, aged' 60 years.
(Stoneham, Mass., papers please copy.)
(CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 3921 Eighteenth street, thence to
-Mission Dolores Church, where a requiem
; high mas3--wlll be'celebrated for- the repose
: , of- her soul, - commencing at* 9 o'clock. -In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. -'
McARDLE— In this city, September 15, 1901,
Nellie McArdle, dearly beloved wife of John
McArdle, and beloved ' mother; of May and
Joe 'McArdle, a native of . San Francisco,
. aged 27 years.
C?"The. funeral takes place to-day (Tues-
day), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late residence,
353 Pierce street. - Interment i Holy Cross
Cemetery. .< '.
McCANN— In thls.city, September 15, 1901, Pat-
rick McCann, a native of Ireland, aged 70
years. • -
McCONVILLE— In the City and County Hos-
pital, SSDtember 16, 190,1, James McConville,
a native of Australia, aged 36.
McKERNAN— In this city," September 16, 1901,
Ellen M;. beloved wife of H. B. McKernan.
and cousin of John and Margaret Lawler and
Mrs. J. Caughlln, a native of County Tip-
perary, Ireland, aged 47 years.
IC^Friends and acquaintances/are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 819 Howard street, -thence to" St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem high
• mass .will be celebrated for the rer>ose of her
soul at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
MITCHELL— In this city, September 15, 1901.
Marion C, beloved Vlfe of George H.
Mitchell, a native of Massachusetts, aged 71
years 4 months and 25 days. '. - :
IC?"Funeral services to-day (Tuesday), at
10:30. o'clock, at the parlors of the First
Unitarian Church, corner Geary and- Frank-
lin streets. Interment private.
MODIE— In Nome, Alaska, August 25, 1901,
Sanford W., dearly beloved husband of P.
. Lauretta Modie, and loving father of Mrs.
Cora I* Harvey, -Mrs. Lula E. Fuller. Mrs.
Blanche L. "Woodruff and Mrs. Lora A. Jor-
' dan, a native of Ohio, aged 63 years 2 months
and 16 days.
MUSER— Ih Brussels, Belgium, September 16,
1901, Otto Muser. beloved husband of Minna
Muser, aged 59 years.
OLIVER— In this city, September 15, 1901,
William, beloved husband of the late Mary
M. Oliver and beloved father of Joseph E.
and Charles R. Oliver and Mrs. B. de Mar-
tini, a native of Philadelphia, aged 73 years
8 months and 28 days.' (Philadelphia papers
please copy.) ' .- . ,*..
(CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
•(Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, ¦ 1S08 . Powell street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, Stockton and Filbert streets,
• for services. Interment National Cemetery.
PAULSON— In. this city, September 13, 1901,
Dr. Bernard , Paulson, a native of Mecklen-
burg, Schleswlg, Germany, aged 62 years.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday),- at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington
street, under the auspices of Verein Ein-
tracht. . Cremation at Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery. '. • . ¦ -.
BCHUSTER-In this city, September 14, 1901.
Frederick Schuster, beloved husband of the
• late Marie Schuster, . and father • of Fred P.
- Schuster and Mrs. E. P. Corbett. a native of
Alsace, Germany, agnd 78 years 7 months and
3 days.- , •"¦ :- •
(CFriehds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
HENRY J. GALLAGHER Cd.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3
20 Fifth st.,, opposite. Lincoln School..
Telephone South 80. ¦
Mt. Olivet Cemetery;
, Ban Mateo County. '
. OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET. ;
J. HENDERSON. Manager.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,.. I
27 and 29 Fifth st Tel. South 167> I
FUNEBili DIRECTORS AND EMB ALMERS I
. Finest _E^ulpment_atJ_Moderate Rates. ¦ I
Eugene McGinn. McGINN BROS-
- Funeral Directors' and Embalmers.
. 31 EDDY- STREET. ¦ •
Telephone South 252. . " ¦ ¦ : - ' , San ' Francisco.
No ' Connection With 'Any Other_House.
JAMBS McGINN, I
Formerly with McGinn Bros.; has opened I
new Funeral Parlors . at 214 Eddy ' st.,' bet I
Taylor and Jones, j ' Telephone South 676. >-'.¦ |
: NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS, v
Samuel McFadden,' 18 - years manager for
.the United -Undertakers' . Association: \ M.
J. McBrearty, with - the same company for
10 years; P.-F/ Green, late, with J...C.
O'Connor & Co.. have opened new Funeral
Parlors at 1171 Mission street," between Sev-
enth and Eighth. Telephone South 44. ¦ •.• '.
BAIL WAYi TRAVEL.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING-1-Con.
LASKIE.' 27. bet. 8th and 9th, off Mission— 4 .
furnished rooms; complete housekeeping: t!5.
MARKET, 1658." opposite Tenth— Adults only;
large furnished sunny front alcove. $10.
PIKRCE.' 3000, • corner Filbert— A sunny corner
suite of furnished rooms; piano; bath; use of
kitchen; rent $15.' i . -: ' :
POLK, 1002— 2 and 5 room' suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; cheap;' reference'.
TURK. 625 — Solar flats, ¦ fine, new, Chicago
- style; 3 and 5. room suites for housekeeping;
unfurnished and furnished; elec, hot water.
WEBSTER,, 2927— Two . furnished rooms,
' kitchen and bath, complete for housekeeping;
near Union and Fillmore street car ¦ lines.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at '1096
Valencia st. ¦••-"¦. • •-' ' ..-¦,..¦
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn.. and tnfarn,
AHLBORN HOTEL, 821 Grant ave.— Best %\ a
day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms, 50c up; meals, 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK , HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ARGTLE. 234 McAllister— New, elegant, sunny;
RTlll attached ; country, visitors find no place
like the Argyle; take McAUlster-st. cars.
AT Shasta House, 246 Third— 200 rooms; newly
renovated; 25c to 75c, $1 to $3 week. '
BACHELOR Hotel. 18 Mason St.— 100 newly fur-
nished rooms, $1 50 per week up; elevator,
electric lights Jn every room, return call belle;
first-class: .quiet; central. 1
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
ntshed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 897 — Newly . and handsomely furnished
rooms; also elegant parlors suitable for physi-
cian or dentist: every convenience. • ¦
BUSH. 2026— Large sunny alcove -bedroom in
email family; reasonable; reference. .
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FOLSOM, 820. Hear Fourth— Furnished rooms to
let, $1 per week. -
GEARY, 405, The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.'
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan). 24 Turk
Et., near Market — Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
60c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st. - '
HOWARD, v 539 — Sunny furnished rooms; 'dou-
ble and single; reasonable. -'
LEAVENWORTH' 1521—2 large rooms; hot and
cold water and bath, with' yard; rent $S.
MARTINET. 1101 Geary^ one door above Van
Ness — Suites new fur. ; single rooms, $10 - up.
MINNA, 667, corner Elghth-Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1" per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market ' st.
NICELY furnished room to rent. Apply 609
Grove st. . ... '.
O'FARRELL. SO— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: elec. lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 327— Single sunny room, ?6; also
one, $4 'per month. . ¦
ROTAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $150; week, $2 to
{8; month. $8 to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth' BU.
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SILVER. 121%— 4 pleasant 'rooms.
STOCKTON. 432— Nice sunny clean suites and
tingle rms.: run, water: baths; phone; cheap.
SUNNY bay-window room in private family.
Apply 1096 Treat ave., near Twenty-fourth st.
SUTTER, 320% (The Stanford)— Suites from *3
to $7; singles $2 to $5 per* week; transient
VAN NESS ave., 1100— Sunny front single room
for gentleman; reasonable.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore at.
ROOMS AXD BOARD. r
HOTEL Lambourne— Strictly high class; moat
elegantly furnished; reasonable in price;
suites and single rooms; board optional. 420
Eddy St., near Leavenworth.
THE Crocker. 915 . Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single «.nd en suite; beautiful grounds.
A SUNNY suite, with excellent board; mod-
ern;, also table board. 1184 Ellis; reference.
California, ¦ 807— Stevenson mansion; select fam-
lly hotel; exceptional table; attractive rooms.
HOTEL Repeller. 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
O'FARRELL. 605 (Johnson House) — Sunny con-
servatory suite and others; excellent board- ¦
POST, 739 — Exceptional rooms and board;
beautiful grounds: table board given to few
select parties: refs.' MRS. J. CALHOUN.
VAN NESS ave.,. 1407 — Large front alcove room;
also smaller ones; eood table; reasonable.
, ROO3IS WANTED.
GENTLEMAN wants sunny furnished^ room;
close In; state particulars. Box 44S, Call.
\ SPECIAL NOTICES. . '[
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
sultatlon free. American Dispensary. 514 Pine.
SEWIKG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged ; re-
palrlng: lowest rates: phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE • AND WAREHOUSES..
PIERCE-ROD6Tp^T^tcTa^r > a^id^^-lTjg~Co^
office Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion st. ; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co... 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
GREAT BARGAINS, IN YypEWR~m3RS^We '•
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors; estimate given free. 203
Sansome st. ' ¦
TYPEWRITERS, 2d-hand. all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
HUTCHINSON SUGAR~PLANTATION CO.—
• Dividend notice— Dividend No. 95 (twelve and
one-half cents per share) will be payable at
the office of the company, 327 Market St., on
and after Friday, September 20, 1901. Trans-
fer books "close Saturday. September 14 190L
at 12 o'clock m. H. W. THOMAS, Sec.
MABBIAGE LICENSES./
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: . :. . .
' Hugo von ' Guffenbere, 37, city, and Eunice
M. Irwin. 24, Sacramento.
James Hopper, 25, Berkeley, and Mattle E
Leonard, 25, 1052 Ellis street.
Russell B. Howe, 28, 414 Golden Gate* avenue,
and Clara L. ODpenheim, 22.' 1711 Post street.
Moreau Ashley, 37, Seattle, and Fannie B.
Sperry. 33, Clayton, Cal.
William McKay, 42, 1613 Lyon street, and
Emma G. Medaw, 29. 2714 Sacramento street.
Herman Witte, 29. Redlands, Cal., and
Maude Woolley, 21. city. .
Thomas H. . Goodine, 48, Shoshone, ' Idaho,
and Nannie J. Campbell, 32, Shoshone, Idaho.
1 Zadoc J. Riggs, 24, Salem, Or., and Violet
L.- Rulofson, 20, 2428 Pine street.
. August Gustafson. 36, 60. Highland avenue,'
and Nannie Carlson. 31, 64 Richmond avenue.
Henry ' Bostwick, 28. 1322A Pine street, and
Lillian M. Parsons, 23, 4331 Twenty-third. .
Charles A. Glenanth, 41, Lincoln, Cal., ¦ and
Ella Homeland, 28, ' city. . /.
Louis Zalbert. - 38, South San Francisco, and
Justine Dalmonly, 31, South San Francisco.
Edward J. Melcher, 24, city, and Bertha
Samuel, 22/ city. .
John O'Laughlin, 26, Alameda, and Adelaide
E. Rodeat, 23, 1614 Washington street.
Holland S. Scott. 64,. Boulder, Colo., 'j and
Ida V. Holden, 42, Portland, Or: -
Thomas J. Jones, 33, Austin, Nev., and Ads-
laide Farnum, 23, 3312 Washington street. .
William G.-Lee. 29, 222 Clipper .street, and
Mae Doulton r 36. 1162 Ellis street.
Herman L. Hertzel, 50, f 797 Mission street,
and Virginia M. Patton, 36, 284 Natoma. i
Baptlste 1 Immoos, 33, 1409 Vermont" street,
and Rosa Fohn, 21, 1409 Vermont Btreet. ,
aBIRTHS-MARRU&ES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death : notices sent ' by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the . publication offices and »be
Indorsed with- the name . and residence of per--
fons authorized to have : the same published, j '
BORN. 1 -
DUNNE— In this city, September 3, 1901, to' the
wife of Frank P. Dunne, a daughter.. >:
DRISCOLL— In 1 East Oakland, September ,9,
1901, to the wife • of George Driscoll.v. a
dau-hter. .- . .
f~%. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
M^taJM KEAKNT ST. Establishtd
S*«?#^[gjsVin 1S34 for the treatmpnt of l'riv»:e
Ml 9y *&?<*l PlMyasey. Ixr»t Mannood. 'Debility- or
HWm»*^tCMCftrtlspaBc wearlneon hody and mind at 1
SMSSJKBKjSkln Dlscsiscs. The Doctor curerwhea
i?Sy5K^M ntner3 ' a "- '^ rv b |rn - t' nar SP s I 0 ' 1 -
rNJa^»gfiaJ^3«:»ire» L-uaraaicfd. Cull or writa
Dr. a. £*. «IBM.\. aan Francisco. CaL
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-Btreet Ferry Depot. \
' ~~ Local LIm'd Ovrl'd Local
•_'¦;, •¦-;..'• Daily • Daily Daily*
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced.... 12:22 j> 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
"Fresno.... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
"1 Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a ........
'• Visalia.... 3:40 p 4:48 a «...
"Bakrsfleld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a ........
*.", Kan. City 2:40 a 7:30 a 1
"Chicago- •• 2:15 p 9:00 p i
a for morning, p for afternoon. ¦; '. ;
•9 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
- Cars through to Chicago. Chair- Car runa
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of ' local
first-class passengers. « No j second-class
tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
' ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday. . - : . ; r •¦
4:20 p. m. is Stockton and Fresno local.'
Corresponding ' train arrives at 12:30 p m.
' dally. , - . -. ¦ v
8:00 p. m. is: the Overland Express with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers -an<i
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; "also
PalacetSleeper, which cuts out .at Fresno.
Corresponding tr§Jn arrives at ( 5:55 p. • m. J
dally.' '. C: ¦ ' — '''¦-' ' ' ' ' ¦. ' ¦¦ ; - '
-7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in. San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily. ¦
Offices— 6lr Market street ; and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak-
'land. -¦•'•- ¦•-.¦¦¦;•¦¦.
¦ TU SssmUcs TwiJ WVwtHuU* 8*.
uuyi •*¦) num. : .. »miiv« a*a inuih
W0^ -?.... -WEEK DATS..... ifg''*
8.-00 a. m-1 12:15 r. u.
9.-00 a.m. -.. : - las r. nr.
10.00 A. M. Y STTNDATB 4 8;30 •• ir «
U0 p. u. -. " b-JjOr.11:
Mb r. l*. J '. : ; '.- - - 7dO f. ir.
. '• . rsra. Sss PrudsM Is Sssnan ssd sM«m, tl .«>
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St.. & Sansalito Kerry,
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
.9:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.,~ except Sunday.
Sunday, 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves ' Vallejo
7 a. m., 12:30 noon. 6 p. m., except Sunday.
Sunday,.. 7 a.- m., 4:15 p. m. Fare 50 cents.
Telephone Main 1508. Landing and office, pier
2. Mission-at. dock. HATCH BROS.
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
FOR U, S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS. •
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAH.
Via Sausdllto Ferry.
. ' , Commencing April 28, 1901.
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VAUjBt"
AND SAN RAFAEU -
WEEK DATS— 6:55, 8:30. »9:30. 11 a.. nL.
12:45, *l:45, 3:15. 4:15. 6:15, »6:15, 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Si.a
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. *9:00. »10:00, 11:00. 11:30
*. m., 12:45. »l:30. 2:30, »3:45, 6:00, «:00. 7:30
p.m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays.
. Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-»5:25. 6:27. 7:47. 8:35, 10:15
a m.. *12:25. 1:15, 2:20, *3:35. 4:40. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdaxs
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15. »8:00. 9:45, ni:0O a. m. «11
m.. 1:00. 2:15. »3:30, 4:30. 'S^. 6:45. 7:30. 10:10
p. 'm. .
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin;'
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 6:45. 6:45. 7:65. 8:55. 10:3»
a. m.. 12:35. 1:45. 2:45. 3:50. 5:10. 5:20 p. m.
EX"ERA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
6UNDAYS-6:35, 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.. U:ll
1:20 2:30, 3:45. 5:00. 6:15. 7:15. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS. .
6:53 a. m. week days— Cazadero and, way atx-
tlons. - •: » '¦'¦¦¦
8:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. •
8-oc a. n. Sundays— Cazadero and way stit-
tlons. , •
10 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way stit-
tlona. ¦ • -. ' • ¦ ¦ - ' ¦ ' - ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦- -
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION 4J0.
And Clfl SUD AMERICANA DE VAPOFJES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. : Sailing from How-
ard 3. Pier 10, 12 m.
COLOMBIA. '...Sept. 2SIAREQUIPA Oct. 12
TUCAPEL:..... ILIMARI Oct. 26
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral . and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Frelgh:
and passenger office, 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents. -
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RL CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Marfcct St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:3!;,
3::;o. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 -p. m. Saturdays — extra trips at l:!>0
and 11:30 i>. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:SJ.
5:00, 6:20 p. m. ¦
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— b:10, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:*!,
¦ 3.40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at I:!i5
and 6:33 p. m. ' ¦
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40, 11:10 a.m.; 1:40, 3:*0.
5:05, 6:25 p. m. ' ' .
*~ " Leave ' • I In Effect J Arrive
San Francisco. (April 28, 1901. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I ' . • | Sun- J Week"
Days. [ days. | Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 ami 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pml 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:03 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm| 5:00 pm Santa Rosa, 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
~~ ! , Fulton, » v
7:30 am Windsor, 10:23 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg, 10:40 am
Lytton,
'¦ Geyserville,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
•-7:30 am! 5:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am 1 10:25 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 am] and Ukiah. [ 7:35 pm[ 6:20 pm
7:30 am . '- 10:40 am 10:25 am
, - 8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 5:00 pm - 6:20 pin
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sonoma I 9:15 ami 8:40 ara
I and )
5:10 pm 5:00 pm| Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pm| 6:28 pra
7:30 am] 8:00 am| 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm(.5:00 pm| Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Went
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fultcn
for.Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; ut
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lake*. Laurel Dell Lake, Wittur
Springs, Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Bucknell's,
Sanhedrin ; Heights, Hullvllle,- Oil's Hot
Springs, • Mendoclno . City, Fort Bragg, West-
port. Usal. Willits, Laytonville, Cummins,
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
•Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at rs-
duecd rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. ' -¦
• Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
, . i Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Aft.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA;
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE 7 WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. ni.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG: calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo • received on board on
day of sailing. - ¦
faS. NIPPON MARU.. Friday, September 27, 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU....
"... Wednesday, October 23, 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARU
: - ...- Saturday,- November 16, 1901
: Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First. ' - ,
ii . W.H.' AVERT. General Agent.
;~ E AILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN, PACIFIC.
Train* !•»»• nml *tr* tine to nrrlv* *t
f MAN ritAN«!lN<!O. ¦ ¦ -
• (Main Line. Foot ot Markrt Street)
IUti - - From Jxtly 14. 1901. — lumi
7iOOi Benlda, Sutauu, IClmin and 8«cr»-
-. men to.. 6:t.1r
TiOOx V»oniUe, Wlot«r«, Bamnr ;.. ?:33]-
1 illVA M ur tine*, San U&mou, Vallejo. Napa,
¦ ¦ . . ¦ Caltatoga aud Santa Bom «iSS|-
8:O(IA DitIs, Woodlaod. KnlgftU Landlnj,
k M»rja»ill«, OrotUle.... 7i5!ll
8>OOA A tlantio Kiprew— Ogden and EmI 12:S3i
»:«»«*. KUea. Lsthrop, Stockton 7*99!.
. tivoi MUes, Mendota, . Hanford. VisaUa.
Portorruls «t33j
1 SiSOa Shasta Express— Dkria, Wllltami (for
Bartlett . Scrinp), WlUows, . Bed >
Bluff, Portland. « Tx83j
- SiBOa Sau - Juie, Ufermore, Htooktou,
Iono, Hacrameuto. Plaonriil*.
M-ry.Tlllo, Chlco, ltort Wolf 4iS3|
¦<SQA Oakdale, Ohlneso (Ycsemito). 00-
nora,CaiKer»..... 4tt3|
9:00* Har ward, Ullei and Way Station*.. 1 1 i«a a
•«•©!. VajQejo '. lS(»3j
Wi«*A Los Angeles Sxpraa — Martinet -
. ;¦: . Traoy, Lathrop. b took ton, Moroed
'-.- Fresno md LoiAu»Bl« .......... 7i23j
0i»Oa ValMo, MarUnei ami Way Staklom ?ii)Sr
IOiOOa The OTerland limited— Ogdeo, Don-
• Ter, Omaha. Chlcmjo «i»3f
fliOOr Sucrammito itlier 3te»nier« fSiO*A
5 St8Or Hayward. Nil*-, and War 8t»Hom.. 7>33l
4i«ur ISanleia, Winters, Htoramenlo, >. .
Wooilland, Ktit.hU a ]«nalog.
lrI»ry.»llle,OroTlll8....! 10i33*
4i«0r Martiiien. " Han Ilamoii, Vallejo, ¦ ;
Hapa. Oallitoga. Santa llesa »i»3a
¦ 4sO«r NIlos, LWermoro, Stockton, LoJl... - ISaBSy
4<:io r Hayirard, Mlet, Sau J»u, UTtrmore tS>HS A
«t3Or Fort Oosca, Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton IoiSWa
StOOr The Owl Llmitod-f raiuo, Tulan,
- . . ' Bakenflald, Saapis for Sauta Bar-
bara, Los Angeles •i(J3*
BtO«r Martlnrz, Antloch, Stockton, Mer-
"• . oed, Fresno M< ; 1»:33»
Oi«»rYoMinite...*. ltiSOf
SiSOrKev Orleant Enre**— Mendota,
' - Fresno, Bakersfieid, Los Aoselaa,
Dciulng, El ¦ Paao. New Orlaana
" and East 7i53* .
6iOOr Ha»ward, Nllea and San Joae 7.53 a
JOiOOr Vallejo: lliS34
«iO«r Orlontal Mail— Ogden, Cheyenne,.
Omaha, Chicago lSiSSf
•s««p Oriental Mall— Ogden, . Denver.
St. Louia. Chicago... «tS9l
' 7>90r Oregon aud Oallfoniia !Si|>reat,Hae-
. - ; riiuioiitc), Maryifllle, Keililliif.
1'orMun.l, rngek Mound ami Vaai IMl
St«3pSan Fablo. Fort Coita, MarUnes
and Way Station*..... 11i33a
< t«:O»P Vallein, 7i»»»
. COAST LINE (Narrow tia» K a).
. (Foot of Market Street.) ¦
" |7x43a Santa Ortiz Excursion to daota Oma
and Prinofpal Way Stations JSiO3j
¦i15a Neirirk.Ooiitortllle.rtan Joee,FeIton, .
Boulder Oreek,S»uU Orui and Way
8tatlou«.. ., »«8»l
fSiinr Newark CeiiterTtlle, 8an Joie, New
. . Ahna<1en. Felton. llonlder Cteek, .
Santa Ctus and Tzlneipal Way
. , Stations I»i8»l.
• 4il5r Newark, Han Jose, Lob Qattw «8iS9|.
e<il»P Glan wood. Bonlder Creak. BantaOraa « »t50j.
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from S1I ms CISCO— fool of Miriat Street (Slip 8)—
t7:lB 9.00 11:0Oa.u. 1:03 3:03 B:lBr.N,
'friaOilUHfl— f»ilt!Br»«4w.jr.— 1«:00 J8:00 tS.-Oli
lOiOOi.M. 12:09 8:00 1:03 r.M.
COAST LINE (Bread flaaffe).
(Third and TowB»eiiJ SU.)
' fl:l»A Ban Joceand Way HtaUona..... 573*53!
47i«Oa Han JoN»ml \TaySUUuus ltX«l-
/7<n»A New Almaden / 4tlO]P
J7::»Oa Sunday. Ezounion for San Jcse.
Hanta Crai. Ptdfio Grore and
Principal Way Stations J8:30i-
- •tOOAHan Joie. Holliiter. Hanta Crnc.
... . Paellte tlrote, fe'alinaa. Ban Lois
Obispo, Santa Barbara and Prln-
Cipal Intermediate HUtluns Ti8o>
IOiSOa Ban Jcte and Way SUtiona.. CiBOir
I IiSUa Hau .loan anil Way Htatlom 0i30jr
42tl&r San Mateo, Uedwooil, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. HanUOlara, San Juse.
HoUilter, 8auta Cruz. Salinas,
MoataieiraiMl l'nclllc Orore tl*>43jt
liaor San Joie, Tres Plnoa, Santa Crux,
Pacific Grore aud Way Htatluna 4ilO.f
f4:13r San Jose an .1 Principal Way Stations Si-ISa
is<O«rSan Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations fOiOO.l
StSOp San Jose ami Prinofpal Way .Stations 8(39.1.
Ui«Op Redwood, Han Jos*. Gilroy, SalioM,
* Santa Barbara, Los ADceleeT 10:03a
«l<.1OF8an Joae and Way Stations t"<O«.k
Cll:4Sp San Jose and War Stations 7i3Op
A for Morning. P for Afternoon,
t Sunday excepted. JSnndayonly.
a Saturday only. - « Monday.
e Saturday an! 8nnda7 i^_/ Tneedaye and Fridays,
of.hlo son. 130 Julian 'avenue, between Flf-
¦ teenth « and Sixteenth streets, and . thence . by
electric funeral- car leaving corner of Mission
and Fourteenth, streets at 2:40. o'clock to Cy-
,. press. Lawn Cemetery, for interment. Thera
: - will, be a special passenger car provided for
'the accommodation of. friends. ¦' : , .
STEWART— In Oakland,- September 16, '1901.
John ; Stewart.' beloved father . of Mrs. James
D. Craig, and grandfather of ¦ Ethel and
.Stewart Lergery a native of Scotland, * aged
69 years.'* ; . . . ' " a "; *i
¦' ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited- to "attend- funeral services to-
. morrow (Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, at his
late residence." 1125 ¦ Leavenworth street:_ In-
terment private. . - * t -
THOMFSON-In this city, September 16. 1901.
Henry Percy, infant' son of Hans and Ger-
trude Thompson,, a native of 'San Francisco,
affed 18 day.' ¦ ¦ ¦.-¦.-. ¦'- ¦ ' ¦•¦ -;• ¦ ¦
MKIKO ASCD ASSAYING.
Q GMe*li L ,y EI V mine. - tZ
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE
second-hand; we always have a large Btock of
ealoon outfits on hand; 32 complete outflte on
one floor, ready made; we can ihip e?erythlM
in. 2 * hours. J. NOON AN. 1017 1019 loa lSi
. Mission st.. above Sixth; 'write for catalog^?
"^iJV"^ 1 " and =S-H.P. engine complete J30O
£° l er and 15-H.P.engine complete"!^
A CLEARANCE eale and removni ?« 17,0
sssr a ! iS^saSW "B
Billard Co.. 409 MarketS. Germain
Graphophonea. Phonosraphs. GramoDhonwi ts t«
CASH register <Hallwood): brand new- kss"
reduction. Apply H. F. ALLEsf 202 Calif' %'-
clo f hln^. shoes, tools, metals.
' 1 -T^ H i? O S B ' ht * , SOld - exch «' l 4-H.Pl Covey
1 >^-H.P. Hercules; gasoline eng. 910 Kearay.
0 ; «£•"¦" pants - $27S - MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
,? t 2>P E1 i BY and Fedora hats. U Ti Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny si. near Pin!
O H E * fr !SJull koift drum - brand new; cheap.
H. B. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
G -} S P\ liiK engines, all sires, new & 2d-hand,
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 5U Slisslon St.
BICYCLE-New high-grade 1901 genfs wheel at
a bargain. Box 429, Call office.
HEADQUARTERS for trunks, faacs and dress
eult cases. A. B. SMITH CO.. 12S BUis st.
LIGHT wagon, horse and harness. 2 incuba-
tors, g brooders. 1157 Thirty-fifth ave.. South.
s^^ond-hand. THE HER-
MAX SAFE CO.. 417-4^ Sacramento st.
PHOTO bargain list No. 17 now ready for
mailing. 109 Montgomery st.
BA ?^ utflts - showcases: all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. Sn Mission st.
DIAMONDS, watches. Jewelry: cash or lnstall-
me:its. Thea Fershtand. 126 Kearny. r. 29.
FIRST-CLAES eecond-hand modern englneg and
•bollere bought and sold. . KROGH MFG. CO/
EXGIXES and boilers; Eecond-hand machin-
ery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; jeweler's steel.
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California et.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. RT-LLARD & BRKCK. 131 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS > W'AXTS.
ALL unused 6tamped bank checks bought; also
documentary stamps. R. Garvey, 1008 Call bid.
W'AXTED-At once; old sealskir.r; will pay
highest cash prices. Box 37. Call office.
TILTON wants good eecond-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 ?th el; tel. Folsom 2522.
moxev xo lou.
loan company!
*300,000 at 6 per cent in sums to suit. City and
Oakland, town and country property; second
mortgages, life insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided interests in
real estate and legacies. We will purchase any
of above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MANHAT-
TAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
AJCY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT '
First, second and third mortgages !
Undivided interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st.. room 3
HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner building—
45.000.C00 at £<;; or- less in large sums: loam
on second mortgages, estates, etc.; financial
problems of all sorts and s'zes. If your prop-
erty is mortgag-ed and you need more money
eee HERMAN MURPHY. CC3 Examiner bldg.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
In estates, legacies, undivided interests, secu-
rities, manufacturing, mercantile and timber
interests; corporation loans. R. 16, first floor.
Chronicle building. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
ANY proposition;- any amount; 6 per cent, on
mortgages, estates, undivided Interests; chat-
tel mortgages, etc. D. J. HALLORAN,
Adams building. 206 Kearny st., room 314.
RELIABLE corporation, established 1S6S. proper
place to borrow money on diamonds, jewelry,
pianos and sealskins at lowest rate of interest.
i Grant ave.. near Market eL; tel. Black 5471.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, £46 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Gran^ ave.. near
Geary et. ; phone Red 16C3.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages & on furni-
ture or pianos without removal; any amount:
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 26 Montgomery.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser or on mortgages at 6 per cent per
annum. MORRELL. 603 Examiner building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. By private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal; money
quick; lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
» ege; reliable party. 1170 Market St., room 63.
ON REAL estate — 6 per cent per annum; no
brokerage. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
3% on furniture and pianos: $15 up: no removal;
no commission; private. Room SI. 6 Eddy st.
UNCLE HARRIS has retired from business.
IF you •want a home I will loan you money to
buy it. A. E. RUDELL, 222 Sansome st.
THE TOUSLE Y Company; loans and discounts.
821 Parrott building.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
ity. Hill, r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
ON salaries or wages; no indorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
LOANS money on salary; no tndorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co., 309 Phelan bldg. " •
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United StP-tes or Canada one year for tl.
MOXEY WANTED.
WANTED — fTOO for Al aecurity; good Interest;
no ecalpere needed. Box 252. Call office.
J__JflPg»CA£ __
A BONANZA FOR SNAP HUNTERS. :
PIANOS.
1 rood upright, $55; 1 better. $85.
2 good grands. $175. $1S5.
6 upright*. $125. $155. $188. $190. $198.
Also Conover. Stelnway. Weber. Vost. Curtaz.
k.wker Bros.. Pease. Standard, littlo used.
¦jrgans.
» 6-6top. $39; 1 7-Stop. $44.
1 7 -stop. $48; 1 fine like new. $$4.
1 2-manual. $75; 1 16-stop. Liszt etyl*.
Mason & Hamllo. very fine. 1150.
Easy payments. BEXJ. CURTAZ & SON.
J6 t>'FarreIl et. Chlckerlng Agency.
34,000 eq. feet: largest and oldest piano house.
ALL piano* purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY A
CO. may be exchanged for a new Etelnway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
I years from date of - purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright planoc, $1 per
month: come good pianos sold for ii, $4 and
« per month: SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Eteinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
rts. Ban Francisco: corner Broadway and
Thirteenth gt.. Oakland.
OUR special •*anniver«ary" sale is still on: If
you have not already bought we can make it
' an object for you to come and see us; we
have uprights from J75 upward; you get low
nrices for cash or, payments. THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market 6t,
ALL highest grade* sold by Heine Piano Co..
eole a«ents for famous and oldest Arserlcaa
makes. Including Hallet-Davle; great bar-
gain list. $50 up: Bteinway. $IS5 up; KUcher.
JIM: Chickering. $165; 20 othen, rent« It up;
great inducements to agents. 217 Geary rt.
a FIRM'S lallure to realize on account of
rtrike has placed two carloads ol high-grade
nianos in storage to be sold at Eastern fac-
torv nrices: second-hand pianos for a. Bong.
TnLsON'S STORAGE. 1708 Market et.
A"CY piano sold by us taken back any tlm»
within 3 year* and full purchase price al-
lowed en a new .peerless Knabe at regular
erice- costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
frbm'u* KOHLER £ CHASE. '30 O'Farrell
ct.; established 18SO. . ¦ *
PIANOS— Steck. Everett. Hardznan. Packard.
Ludwlg and ethers; 20 different factories rep-
resented: wholesale end retail. .THE WILET
\ B ALLEN CO.. S33 Market et. 'fopp. Mascn);
yr&nch store. SSI Broadway. Oakland.3 prevailed upon to" continue in the service
-ofithe.McKlnleys. a . * : .'
:- ¦ Miss Hunt* accompanied \ Mrs. McKinley,
loniher^trlp to the Pan-American Exposi
• tloh at Buffalo and. when' the President
, j was stricken by an : assassin's' bullet she
I was. In • the j sick-chamber up to the hour
1 of his untimely death.: .
| ; Miss" Hunt i Is extremely, popular, and the
residents of V.saliaare proud of her worK/
V Held, to Answer.
"W. H.BynomTwas held t oanswer. before
the . Superior 1, Court % by ; Judge Cabaniss
yesterday on a ' charge of grand - larceny
in 51000 torMs. .. " r-.> . --w --• ------ •¦¦.-.
Fred Curtis, a bookkeeper, 54 years old,
was found- dead *in his b*J' yesterday
morning at 73G O'Farrell street. : Death is
supposed . to - have been < due to * natural
»USCS. . -"; •- '¦¦:•; -.{;<,*. • _^ _
Sudden Death of , Fred ;, Chkrtis.
)v There is one whiskey that always lives up to
' Ha reautatlon — arid ; that \ Is ' Jes&e . Moore. ff jT • £j
1 ,. Leonard^ L. - Nott.l'* ex-policeman ¦ and
striking • teamster, appeared before. Judge
Cabaniss yesterday^on the charge of rob
"bery f or ' attacking : and : robbing Luther
-Cochfan',.: a' : special 'officer.*' He'.was^in
structed ' and arraigned -and the case, con
tinued till, to-morrow.' A" case against
Charles ' Rowland, a striking"" teamster, on
the .' same - charger is - also pending; before
Judge Cabaniss and will also be heard to
rnorro'w."* Nott-" ¦w- as t. booked- at the City
Priscn ; yesterday on anothei"- charge of
.'- Justice of the Peace Daniels yesterday
gave . judgment - in I favor of the"; Rev.
Father Nugent for the return of $271 paid
to . satisfy a lien '.that, was : afterward de
clared Invalid/ l The litigation arose over
a contract which Father Nugent as pastor
of St. Rose's Church entered into for the
ienovation of the. roof *of • the church, in
1896.- The defendant in the case was the
Pacific Metal Works. - : . .
Father Nugent Gets Judgment.
Adam Griffith, formerly" employed " as" r a
waiter , in.'" Rlngllng's | circus, - committed
suicide last Sunday evening- by asphyxi
ating himself with illuminating gas in, his
room," 117 Taylor street. '.- After leaving the
employment^ offthe* oircus company he
went .to the City, and County .Hospital . for
treatment." Three days ago he rented the
room in j which, he died. 5 An; inquest will
be held.'- v v i. . v
Suicide of a Waiter.
i A writ of habeas ' corpus j was petitioned
for-"in,:the 'United . States District Court
yesterday o'a-behalf. of John F.Corrlea, a
commission- merchant, under Police Court
sentence for. having ,in >his possession
more than fifty doves 'on any one calendar
day. This' Is a -test "case attacking the
constitutionality of --this portion^ of* the
State ' game j laws. ; Judge : de ; Haven ¦'. will
hear the. .arguments "at .10 o'clock ithls
morning.-' > - ; ¦ ¦ -. ¦ ¦•- v ,'¦¦¦'
To : Test the Game Laws.
THe second trial of "Sir" Harry" "West
wood Cooper, ¦ alias' Ernest' Moore'; Chad
wick, 1 ) on ~ the charge of | forgery j for i send
ing a forged telegram to , Miss Norlne
Schneider, .was to have cpmmenced before
Judge" liawlor yesterday- morning, 'but a
postponement wast taken'till 2 o'clock, as
Ms attorney . had applied to ¦ the Supreme
Court for a writ of- prohibition. . .. .
The writ was denied, and when court re
convened at 2 o'clock Cooper's attorney
again delayed the wheels of justice by ob
jecting to the 1 trial going- on. : He alleged
he had discovered that under a section of
the Penal Code, which had not hitherto
been properly interpreted, the summoning
or the jurors by the clerk: of ; the court
was Improperly done. Argument on the
point had not been concluded when court
adjourned. . , ; •/'";¦"
Cooper Fighting for Delay.
STRIKERS IN COURT.
7. Chief -Sullivan received a letter, yester
day from Wcllesley Moore, acting Consul
for : Great Britain. The letter was" dated
September 14 and was as follows: " . :. .
I. have the honor to ' inclcst* a cutting from
to-day's "Call " in reference ' to an assault com
mittedupon Charles Lindsay, a member, of the,
crew.. of the .Pritish ship. Hartdon Hall,- now
lying at Howard-street wharf in this city. The
master of the vessel states that three men were ;
attacked : Instead of one. but that; In other re
spects the article Is substantially correct. Both ]
the master of the vessel and the chaplain of the
Seamen's Institute have called upon me with
reference to this occurrence/and from represen
tations made by them' Ir.understand; that the
corner of Howard- and .East, streets is insuf
ficiently protected- and that a '•-. very •' lawless
element congregates in that vicinity every even
ing. X am aware that the. services of the police
are- t taxed to the. utmost at this time, but should
be obliged if you. would kindly give this matter
your consideration -'with ». a view to . affording
increased protection totha- shipping In . the
neighborhood referred to.: ; -v . ¦. ,_•.
/Chief Sullivan gave the letter to Cap
tain ¦ Seymour with instructions to . make
'inquiry . and -report on the matter com
plained'of. "Detective Hamlll was detailed
for that purpose. r -
Actiner British Consul Files Complaint
' "WithCnief of Police. = '
PROTECTION I TO SHIPPING.
The' local' Retail ¦ Grocers* Association
and the directors of \ the • State \ Grocers'
Association held a joint meeting Jast
night at" which it was" decided v ' to, tenUer
a banquet -to . the visiting grocers on | the
evening of the convention, and a.commit
tee on arrangements, consisting of Messrs.
D. F. Keefe, J. M; Sullivan and U..-H.
Powers, was appointed and ' given -full
power to act. .'.-¦,.• - .'^ .^
The.State Grocers' Association- has now
been in existence a -little over a "year, it
has assisted the grocers in many . com
munities) to organize, and the iChief "pur
pose of the coming convention is- to ar
range for such a complete organization'
of the rets il dealers throughout the Stats
as .will enable them to secure the pass
age of necessary legislative reforms.. the
correction of various existing g . trade
abuses' and lessen -.: the losses ¦ front* the
-ravages: of .the omnipresent "dead, beat." '
Retail grocers from all parts of Califor
nia are to meet at B'.nai B'rith Hall "next
Friday 'to discuss the need's of .the trade
and to decide how" these requirements can
best be met. The evenjt;i,s-to»be the sec
ond annual convention* of Jthe California
Retail Grocers and Merchants' Associa
tion and the affiliating * organizations? ¦ of
grocers In Lo3. Angeles, Fresno, Sacramen
to, Alatoeda,"' Berkeley, \ Oakland and
Santa Rosa'. .All will get together to out T
line thelfMine of work fornhe next year!
Will Discuss Trade Abuses and
¦ Possible Remedies. .
Merchants From ' Many : Communities
EETAIL GROCEHS SEEK.; ' ¦
, TO BETTER CONDITIONS
At the hospital- Murray stated that he
was -a citizen V of.' Los' Angeles and that
since he had : been -in the city he had not
done a stroke. ' of ..work. - He emphatically
denied being ; a -non-union teamster • and
asserted that • he had ' nbt* o'nee been on a
truck in this city. , He'.claimed that' he
had $25 on his person when the strikers
seized him," and ¦ that it was taken - from
him by his assailants. None of the strik
ers who took part in the affair were cap
tured. . . v~~ . •"
-' The assault'was made in full. view of a i
great, body.- of ane people .coming 'from
Morosco's Grand- Opera-house. Murray, ;
who is an unobtrusive laborer of the more !
intelligent class, had' been to the theater.
His assailants "had . evidently •' planned the ; i
assault and were in waiting-. As soon as
he emerged from the theater, and while
he. was yet in the midst of the crowd, the
strikers set UDon'him.'T He had no arms of
any. kind' anu'.wa's absolutely defenseless.^
None of the people who, witnessed; the as
sault attempted to go to' his assistance.
The strikers hurried him down 1 to 1 the
dark part of Mission street, past Third.
They threw him to the ground and kicked
and beat him until his lace was one mass
of .bruises. .The police finally arrived and
the strikers .fled -from their victim. - So
badjy was -he .-beaten, and such a sorry
spectacle did he present, . that people who
saw., him . before he was removed- to. the
Emergency Hospital .were sickened at' the'
sight. :; ;-- .-• . ,- ".. 1 . : - ¦ - - . .
* "William Murray, a labqrer from Los An
geles, who has been residing in, this city
for the last two njbnths, was set upon" by
a, gang of strikers 'last night, at tne. cor
ner of Third " and • Mission street, and
beaten until both Asides' of his face were
almost reduced to a pulp. The assault was
one of the most brutal.-and- fiendish that
has;'come . to ; the attention" 'of - the police
during the strike^ Besides beating, the de' T
fenseless man.alrnost into insensibility the
strikers finished their 'assault by robbing
him of $25. \ , .'. ; '•
Three True Bills -Found Against
Former Mint Clerk for Em
bezzling $31,836. r V
¦ The Federal Grand Jury reported yes
terday to United States District Judge de
Haven three indictments against Walter
N.' Dimmick, ex-Chief Clerk of the United
States Mint. The first indictment charges
Dimmick with having presented a false
claim for and embezzling $49S 37 on April
7, 1300; the second charges him with em
bezzling seven different . sums "from De
cember 18.1839, to February. 1901, amount
' Ing to $133%. and the third with having em
bezzled $30,009 on June 1, 1901. - -
Dimmick was taken" before United
States Court Commissioner Heacock and
on motion of United "States District At>
toroey Woodworth the charges pending
agralngt him In that court were dismissed,
they having been cohered by the indict
ments. Judge de Haven set Dimmick's
bail at ?33.000.
Alexander Nanbos, a teamster, was shot
and fatally wounded last' night by a no
torious character, who is known to the
police as "Big Machado." The shooting
occurred at HincUley : alley and Pinckney
street. , - ... .
According to Nanbos' story, he was con
versing with several friends,- when Ma
chado, with whom he is well acquainted,
and who had been friendly -toward him,
accosted him and in an insolent manner
demanded- to know if he was working on
some' steamer. Seeing that the fellow was
drunk Napbos told him to go home, when
Machado suddenly drew a Tevolver and
fired three shots at his victim. :.;
One of the bullets pierced- Nanbos' left
lunc causing a fatal wound. ; .
Immediately after the shooting Macha
da, who Is known ns the "bully,of.Hink
ley alloy,'.' fled, and up to an early hour
this morning had not been arrested. :.- •
Although mortally' ¦¦- wounded, Nanbos
Actress Gets Her Balafy.
Justice of the. Peace Thomas F.' 3>unn
decided yesterday that Actress Lenora
. Atwood ts entitled to two weeks' salary
¦from the management of the Central The
ater. Miss Lenora Atwood -was at one time
the leading lady and was dismissed. Jus
tice Dunn held that she was entlUed.to
two weeks' notice. and gave her judgment
accordingly. / ;.-. ¦.,.' -
Alex Nanbos \ Shot by
the "Bully of Hinck
ley. Alley.
Administer v Beafcng to
an Unprotected
Laborer..^,
DIMMICK INDICTED BY
FEDERAL GBA2JD JXTRY
Fireman Brutally Beaten.
J. McEacheran, a striking marine fire
man.' living at 2i Minna street, formerly
on "the Umatllla, was beaten almost- to
death- yesterday by striking teamsters.
McEacheran has been helping a man
named Morris, who owns his own team.
Yesterday the teamsters bes.t him and
then compelled him to g-o to their head
quarters at Fourth and Townsend streets.
They pointed out the error of his*way^
and then" told' him he was exempt: from
further assault. McEacheran walked away
from., the headquarters and when -he
reached Fourth and Bluxo:me J streets
about twenty cowardly men jumped on
him and administered a terrlb|p beating.
The unfortunate ! man was' taken to the
Emergency 'Hospital for treatment. His
•face was battered into unrecognizable
shape r both eyes were closed and his body
was a mass of bruises. The doctors be
lieve he has suffered a. fracture of the
skull. This is the worst case that has been
treated at the hospital.
Sailor,* Cut by Thugs.
Charles Christensen. a sailor, who lives
at 23 Sacramento street and Is a member
of the crew of the ship Berlin, was held
up on East street early yesterday morn
ing. He refused to throw up his hands
when -ordered and received a slash with a
knife over the right eyebrow. He fired two
shots at his assailants, who ran away
without waiting to take the few dollars he
had in his pockets. He was treated at the
Harbor Hospital. .. .
Wants Damages for Son's Death.
Peter D.; Wilde filed suit against the San
Francisco Gas and Electric Company yes
terday for $25,000 damages, -alleging In his
complaint that the loss of his son's life on
the night of June 29, 1903, was j due to the
carelessness of the company in allowing
• its .wires.. to. remain. ..uncovered.. .Wilde's
son was in the employ of the company as
a lineman; and was killed while repairing
a break on Ellis street, between Taylor
and Mason. - \--< ¦'-.-^
Petitions In insolvency were filed in the
United States - District Court yesterday
as follows: G. W. McDonald, druggist,
(Petitions; in Insolvency.
FATALLY WOUNDS
FORMES FRIEND
STRIKERS MAKE
BRUTAL ASSAULT
• Archie Hutchinson of 5S4 Geary street, a
non-union teamster,': was .. yesterday at
tacked . by strikers on Pine and Battery
streets, i In' the course of the engagement
one of the strikers struck Hutchinson
with s a' brick . and dislocated his right
wrist. He was treated at the Harbor Po
lice Station. ' -¦ . , ¦
Word was sent to" the Central Police
Station ,and Sergeant Helms and Police
man Tiickev. droVe to the scene in .the pa
troKwagon. .When they made their ap
pearance .the crowd dispersed.! Bolliger
was 'taken to the-Receiving Hospital, but
Butler and Smith, had their wounds at
tended to by a physician in the neighbor
hood. - Some -one. in the crowd took a nut'
off the wheel of the truck and it was
some time before a new-nut-was procured.
No .arrests were made. *-,¦_. ;.
'¦ At "Fourth and Harrison streets a" spe
cial officer who was protecting a teamster
in the employ of Friedman & Co. was
brutally beaten, and but for .the timely
arrival of Sergeant Christiansen he" might
have been, killed. ¦ The assault was-com
menced v.hen the special officer -got down
from his seat-to retie a rope cut by un
known persons. The strikers immediately
gathered around and commenced- to beat
him. After rescuing -him from the hands
of the strikers Sergeant Christiansen es
corted him to the. stables. • .
There was a small sized riot c£ Sixth
and Folsom streets yesterday morning be
tween "8 arid 9 o'clock. 'A wagon 'loaded
with bran, belonging to Pitcher & Co.,
was capsized while .leaving the car track
and a number of strikers struck the driv
er. Peter Bolliger, on the head while ne
was getting the' wagon righted. Just then
atruck belonging to Englander Bros., and
driven by C. J. Butler, came along and
one of the wheels of the , truck collided
with a traction engine near the track.
Butler an,d Special Officer --. Smith, who
were on'the truck.got off to fix matters,
when they were attacked by the "strikers.
A', mounted, policeman V appeared on the
scene and succeeded in keeping the "crowd
at bay, which had. increased. to nearly lt^O
people.- ,' ¦ • •' ,. . .' ;
Danger District.
Teamsters Have Lively' Time of' It in
STRIKERS CAUSE .RIOT.
walked 'to the Louisiana House, at Val
lejo- street and Montgomery avenue,
where he has been living. Pbliceman
Snowball, upon hearing, of the shooting,
went to Nanbos' room and seeing that he
was dangerously wounded he had him re
moved-to the Receiving Hospital. .
Detective George McMahon subsequent;
ly visited the scene and endeavored to get
a trace of the shooter, but, without suc
cess: • " He interviewed ; several eye-wit
nesses, but they were.either .unwilling/ or
unable to give- any information as to the
cause of the , shooting: . : . . . : <-. .. '. :
Machadd is known, to the police as' a
"bad man." He has been mixed up in
several shooting" scrapes, but. "always
emerged uninjured." As he Is well known
the police expect to have little difficulty
in arresting him. -,
TRAINED NURSE OF VISALIA WHO LEFT THIS CITT WITH MRS. Me-'
KINLEY AND ATTENDED THE LATE PRESIDENT WHILE HE LAY
WOUNDED AT BUFFALO. \ : . .'¦¦¦. . : N * ' V -
A report was current that a semi-offi
cial proposition had been made to the iron
men to treat with the machinists on a
basis of nine hours a uay with nine hours*
pay. The iron men were reticent when
approached upon the subject, while the
officials of the i striking meta 1 organiza
tions denounced the -report as. false. The
identity of the party making the propo
sition was not disclosed.- ¦ . ;
It was I claimed by the strike leaders
that fifteen men left the RIsdon Works
yesterday because of misrepresentations
made to them at the time -they accepted
employment. The Risdon people do not
deny that several men left the works, but
said- that it was an everyday occurrence
for men to come and go. Since Saturday,
it was reported, nearly fifty new men had
been' secured. — -' . .
,The iron men made material gains, yes
terday, the total number of men to go to
work being se,venty-one. Of that number
twenty-five were added to the force at the
Union . Iron Works and the re mainder to
the RIsdon. Iron Works. The men are
largely from the East and embrace all
lines of- artisans, ranging from expert ma
.chinlsts to" ordinary helpers." ; "
IRON MEN MAKE GAINS.
Mrs. Jxtbaugb first became known
through her connection with the illegal
rturgeon fishing carried on by Charles
L-inget. After his arrest and conviction
she moved over to Marin Island, where
she lived in a tent with the child. The lit
tle one was often left without food or
water for hours at a time, and the chari
table society took steps to relieve him
from his unfortunate position.
Mrs. Lobaugh lias, however, avoided the
authorities until lately,, -when she. was
found living with the child in a fisher
man's cottage a . few miles down the
beach. The boy has been placed with' the
Presbyterian Orphanage Society at San
Anselmo, where he will be looked after in
future. - - . .
Secretary "White of the California So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children was granted the guardianship of
the 3-year-old boy of the notorious Mrs.
Lobaugh of San Rafael by. Judge Angei
lotti yesterday.
•Charitable Society Finds Lobaugh
Woman and Places Her Boy in -
Safe Keeping.
MOTHER LEAVES CHILD
: ' TO HUNGER AND THIRST
; —^ VELTN HUNT- of- Visalia
. watched beside the bedside of
,' '• j .the late President and is now
. .'-. . :^ V ministering , to the" j sorrowing •
wife. : She has by her faithful- j
•j - «*f ness and energy won the regard
of her present patient and the
approval of the physicians..
When Mrs. McKinley became ill on the
martyred President's Western tour, Miss.
Hunt was one of the trained nurses en
gaged to look after her every comfort.
Her untiring attention to Mrs. McKinley
and her pleasing personality won her a
place in the affections of the distinguished
couple. . When the Presidential party., de
parted for the East, .Miss Hunt was a. '
member of it. It was her intention to
return home Immediately after bringing
the patient to her destination, but she was j
.Supreme Court to Be Closed.
- Chief Justice fBeatty.. of v the; Supreme
Court ha3 directed that the court and thV
jlerk's office .be closed on Thursday .put of
respect to the memory of President Mc-V
Kinley. - '¦ -' '¦¦ .>.. ¦ -• -, - • ¦
Stephen Hatsky, a marine fireman on
the steamer Wellington, appeared before
Judge Cabaniss yesterday on a charge of
discharging firearms within the city lim
its: He was arrested Sunday night at
Third and Harrison streets by Policeman
Mullen. Hatsky testified that he was at
tacked by. fifteen men and that he fired a
shot in the air to frighten them. Police
man Mullen testified that no one was near
when the' shot was fired. -The Judge con
tinued the case till to-day and intimated
that. he would probably give Hatsky the
limit. ¦«- - . ./ ¦ : . ' -. : "-,--,
The case, of Charles Gordon., watchman
af Pier -No. 7, charged with battery upon
Daniel Sweeny, an artist on a morning
newspaper, was called in Judge Fritz'
court yesterday and was continued for
trial till September 25 at 2 p. m. •<. ; .
robbing C. H. Car rington, also a special
officer. ". • . - - - •¦¦ •
"The case of Alvin Smith, a stationary
engineer, charged with" assault to murder
for Mriklng Fred Muffelman, engineer for
Healy, Tibbits & Col, on the head with a
piece of lead ¦ pipe, ' was called- in -Judge
Cabaniss' court yesterday. Attorney Cof
fey for the ' prosecution again drew- the
attention of the court to the fs.ct that the
bond accepted • for. Smith's release was
worthless.: The Judge agreed that the
bond was not sufficient and ordered Smith
into custody.' He was soon' released on
another, bond with reliable sureties. The
case/was continued till Monday.
Sacramento, liabilities $324.50, no assets:
David Thornton.' confectioner. San Jose.,
liabilities 57291. assets $5620; Frank Borges.
laborer, Eureka, liabilities $667 64, no as- j
sets. . . •¦',¦.':•
W. Borrowe. formerly manager of the
Anti-Caloric Company, on Mission street,
was arrested yesterday afternoon by De
tectives Whltaker and . McMahon and
booked j at the City Prison • on the felony
charge of obtaining money by false pre
tenses. ¦ The complaining witness. is I. F.
Moulton, paying teller in the Bank of Cal
ifornia." ¦ - !
It Is alleged by the complaining witness
that Borrowe.' while manager of the com
pany in October Ia6t, represented • that
certain firms were indebted to him and he
wanted money advanced, the bank to hold
the claims for money due him as ¦ col
lateral security. . He alleged that the Un
ion Iron Works owed him $154 50, Charles
C Moore. 5316 45, San Francisco Gas and
Electric Company J1S0 87 and the Pacific
Power Company S21S. He was asked to
get these firms, to : certify that the ac
counts were, correct. .. He pretended to do
so and got 5800 from the bank. It is now
alleged that the firms referred to were
not owing the amounts and that Borrowe
forged the signatures to the certificates
on the accounts.
Borrowe was manager of the company
up to June last, when it was reconstructed
and a new manager appointed. He has
no shares in the company but gets an in
come for the use of his patent.
W. • Borrowe Is Arrested on the Com-
plaint of the Bank of
California.
SECTJBES MONEY x BY THE
f-:-iW- USE : OF FALSE NOTES
Ex-Judge Dudley Dubose was taken
back to the Alameda County Jail last
night by United States Marshal Shine, the
Marshal' having received | a dispatch yes
terday ' forenoon from Frank D. Monck
ton. Clerk of the United . States Circuit
Court 'of Appeals,/ announcing that the
court had reaffirmed its former judgment.
in the .contempt, proceedings and- instruct
ing the Marshal to execute the order of
the court; forthwith. .~ . ,,-.„.,» — ...
Dubose was sentenced by^-the court, .to
slx months' imprisonment in the- Alatneda,-
Jail for contempt -of court .committed./ by :
him when he adx*ised his clients to dis-r
obey a writ of.- supersedeas issued by.;the.
court, command ing-, those clients and oth-.
ers to deliver to certain litigants certain;
gold dusl.« and. .other mining, property in* '
Kome, Alaska. Mr. Dubose obtalned';a;
rehearing last week, United States Court*
Commissioner Heacock taking the test!-.
raony, and. was released on 71003 bail. The
transcript of the testimony and proceed
ings reached Portland, where the court
¦was sitting, yesterday morning, and was
at ence considered, with the result that
Dubose will have to do his full time. - He
began his sentence on Juiy 22 and was re
leased for the purpose of the rehearing on
September 3.
•Manager Renner of the Draymen:s As
sociation said there was nothing new: in
the situation. ' He- had heard" of no team
sters \ returning* to ¦ work, nor did he ex
pect any to return until ample police pro
tection was assured every man who show
ed up. .He contended that many of the
teamsters were, more than anxious to re
turn, but that "the fear of \-lolence ; de
terred them from doing so. .'' r -"'..-.¦ V
. The draymen are perfectly at sea when
it 'comes to predicting when the strike
will end. 'The reports of defection in the
ranks of the strikers so often heard, and
usually- believed, are now listened to with
caution by the. employers. ..While the sen
timent is general that the strike is ¦ wear
ing itself- out, recent developments have
proved the futility of accepting as true
the thousand and one rumors which are
floating about, and which invariably/prove
to *be without foundation. y v--.-.
/' The break, among the striking teamsters
which: was -expected to. occur yesterday
did not .materialize. This event was pre
dicted by some' of ! the draymen,, who
claimed to ; have inside information^ of ¦ a
reliable character. The leaders • of the
teamsters were .out with increased forcts
and promptly nipped the matter In the
bud, if,- indeed, the dissatisfied teamsters
were ready and - willing to desert the
cause of their union.'.-
No Break /Among Teamsters.
.John Parry of. 512 Mission street is = a
non-union boiler-maker. He was home in
bed and asleep when a number of strikers
called at his residence. They sent up
word that he was - wanted • right- 'away
about some work. He arose, dressed and
went, to the door. He- was immediately
seized, dragged out to the sidewalk and
when, a half-hour later, he was removed'
to .the Harbor Hospital it was found 1 that
he had sustained a laceration of the right
ear, a laceration of.- the nose, numerous
contusions on the face, two ', lacerated
wounds of the left eyebrow and asimilar
wound of the right eyebrow. His nose is
probably broken. ,.¦• ¦' ¦;...-'-.
John Sternberg, a deep s.ea sailor just in
from a long voyage, was attacked on
East and Folsom streets.'He was knocked
down and robbed of $6. The hospital rec
ord of nis case tells of . a lacerated scalp
and lacerated wounds of the left eyebrow
and the right cheek. £ ..,'.-. .,-¦.•..-..¦.
John Kaiser, a miner just arrived in the
city from Trinity County, was accosted on
Mission .and Ste'uart streets by three
strikers: They asked him for 10 cents, 1 ; He
took out; his purse, which was immedi
ately grabbed. - He recovered his money,
but at .the hospital Dr. McElroy put
stitches in a lacerated wound of the" left
cheek, In a similar - wound on the scalp
and -also- joined together the upper and
lower halves of the "miner's right ear.".
. Arthur. Burrows, a sailor, was accosted
by three. men on East street, just where,
he does < not remember. He sustained a
severely lacerated scalp," a j broken nose
and a deep cut under the right eye. .
Some of the Injured.
The belligerent striker'was in bold]evi
dence last night In the neighborhood of
the docks and wharves. He knocked men
down, he cut, kicked and robbed them. He
worked quickly and . openly. He was
vicious. of attack and. speedy of . retreat.
"HisvicUms went to the hospital all more
or loss bruised an<l mutilated. He and his
kind are still at. liberty in spite of- the ac
tivity, of the little police guard which is
doing active work in the strike district.
The police look for still more serious signs
of his activity in the- immediate future.
With the, vanishing. of 'the fear of mili
tia reinforcements for the police the cam
paign of violence along, the water, front,
which . had ceased for- a . spell, broke out
last night afresh and police officials and
hospital attendants had their hands full.
Tha expected break in the ranks^of -the
teamsters dM not ¦materialize and the day
fora general, resumption of work is again
postponed. -¦' ) V * ' :¦¦¦ : ¦ ' ¦
Teamsters Are Deterred Prom
Working/ tjy Fears of :
.¦.-•.'.¦¦' v ¦".':.- '-Violence. V
N Convince Justices of
His Guilt
Rehearing Only Serves to
Non - Union 7 Men and
, Strangers ~ Victims
United States Circuit
Orders.
Court of Appeals So
MORE VIOLENCE
ON WATER FRONT
DUDLEY DUBOSE
BACK IN JAIL
MINISTERS TO LATE PRESIDENT
IN THE LAST DAYS OF HIS LIFE
Miss Evelyn Hunt, -Trained Nurse -of : Vikalia, ;Attends
McKinley During
idence and Is Now^at Bedside of thfe : 5tfiGkeri; Widow
THE SAff-S^RA^ 6EPTE MBER ; 1 7, 1 901.:
12
DR. G. E.. SUSSDORFF,
Late Superintendent Physician City
' • and County Hospital. '.. j ' -
MENTAL AND NERVOUS DISEASES.
SPECIFIC TREATMENT
For UQTJOR and MORPHINE HABITS.
.Twenty Tears' Experience.
Patients may be treated at hom« or pri-
vate sanitarium. . Office Glasgow Butldinff.
105 Elli* st.. near PowelL Hour*. 10 to U
a. m..~ 2 to -4 p. m. ' ,. / -
MgfQ^ CANDY CATMARTTC- ««
tse. nn'^^^^tilft til TVl'i
Genuine stamped C C. 1 C NeVef io!d b^, boDt
Beware of the dealer who tries to sell
'.',;; o «omcthing "hat as good. \. V^-— .?'
~
f-> f W JT-1 PERSIA NENtit
50 prominent business men s«nt as reference.
For particulars . address PHTSICLAN,** box
1950. Call office. ¦'.¦ ",¦> • •-. :•„•:? ;• ¦
" "^ " ¦ r ,
Market and Tenth Sts.
STYLE and COMFQRT can
just as weir be obtained in Cairr
riages as in ¦ clothes or, other
wearing apparel- Do not be sat-
isfied with an old, out-of-date
vehicle, buy a STUDEBAKER.
ADVERTISEMENTS-
FATALECO^ v
jMM/|VERY old maxim declares that it isn't ccon-
jfflfcy/ omy to pick up pins ;the.time is worth more? .-. \
Wz%6, than' the pins. Similarly.it is not true econ-, \
m%£z*k omy to do -without Ivory Soap; yotir^ health . "i
requires the daily removal of the bodily excretions
which are discharged through the pores of the skin.
These tiny mouths must be; kept open, and they
should be opened only with a'pure soap. '^0C.
' IVORY SOAP— 99 4 >iS» PER CENT^ PURE.
. ' eo»T»iowT m> »y th€ Fnoeriif «am»ii eo. ei»eimi«Ti - -,. . . --
'-• { '" : '¦¦¦*-'• r -V .' ¦ ;: . /"'. ; J
l^;^^^^ DREAD J
I /^\I^N CHAIR! ; I
I U VAN YROOM^J
I . PAINLESS DENTAL PARLORS; - 1
I 1001 MARKET, Cor. 6th; i
1 Uig^^i 0 iii.' fey©^'-'^©.^;!-
K As the national capitol overt owers other famous Kg;
H structures, so' we exceed in size any shoe concern! in San H
2 Francisco. We are bigger in amount 'and. variety of stock M ,
I carried— almost as big as a metropolitan . department gjgj
H| store, though we, carry nothing but" shoes. We are really M
m, a shoe department store, and in our $3.50 DEPARTMENT B
H . we . carry every style in our exclusive shapes, every new ra
H material/ and all extreme sizes and .widths.'; Thus, as we H
I employ people specially trained to fit: shoes'; perfectly; give H
8j' ou your choice of materials and guarantee you good wear, and the jffl-
¦¦HP ret tiest shoes obtainable, we are sure to satisfy you. That we can Bj
Mdo this for $3.50 is due to the magnitude . of our business, . in ; which E
Wt tiny profits mount up to large gains in the aggregate Sn .
HEADQUARTERS FbR" HEATING V'.
APPARATUS OF-jAlill KINDSi^i
...OllJsTdVE^..
'BLUE FLAME. -:."¦¦,.; -'¦¦';:'^' ,"¦
:C V WITH OR WITHOUT WICKS.
ilSi: 309 iorZjfi^kefiStreeU
'-¦;' ; \\. San Francisco. ;v" '
ADVERTISEMENTS.