AvPG- C^TVS to
Sunday Call Women and Children's Section
FortQna
ON PAGE NINE.
San Francisco
Artist Declared
Iby the Critics
of Paris to Be
a Second
Rosa Bonheur.2
<Jome Joints for
tf oung People
Copyright, 1901, by Doubleday, Page & Co.
].F good manners are .expected of.chll
"*dren , they must be treated cour
teously. They should be taught that
consideration for others underlies
genuine courtesy. Mere manners may
treacherously desert one at critical mo
ments, but. true politeness may be re
lied upon.
To talk of children in their presence
makes them self-conscious and robs them
of the simplicity that Js their greatest
charm — "klngdom-of-heavenltes," Cole
ridge calls them.
The least shade of impertinence or dis
respect should be checked promptly and
sharply. American parents are not con
sidered good disciplinarians. An English
man once- jestingly remarked, "In the
States parents are sent to bed for 'an
swering back!' "
Children v who are not obliged to be po
lite to their elders and to one another
will not suddenly become well-bred when
strangers are present. They should not
take the mest comfortable seats or most
advantageous ppaltlons, but be observing
and offer such little attentions to their
parents and elders, and the boys to their
plsters.
Such attentions should also be acknowl
edged with courteous appreciation. A
home may have the elegance of high
breeding, no matter how elmple the sur
roundings. Children should not be al
lowed to contradict each other, but be
early taught to use the same courtesy in
expressing differences of opinion as do
their elders— "I beg your pardon" or "I
am sure that you are mistaken." It i.s all
a mutter of habit; but the outward form
often compels the Inward feeling. They
should be made to understand, too, that
their unsold ltdl opinions or r advice of-
THE SUNDAY CALL.
fered to their elders is a rudeness that
will make them unpopular. " :
It used to be the custom for children to
say "Yes, ma'am," "Noi sir," to their
elders, but that is now considered to bs
long to the courtesy, due from servants,
and well bred children say, "Yes, mam
ma,", "No, grandpapa," and the tone of
polite deference must underlie the simple
"Yes" and "No" when unaccompanied by
the name of the person addressed.
Well-bred children do, not pass in front
of a person without an apology, or enter
a room whistling, or addressing some one
therein, unobservant of the conversation
that may be in progress.
In the Presence cf Visitors.
Young people should .rise whenever a
visitor comes into or takes leave of the
family circle/ and also if addressed else
where by an older person, should they
happen to be seated.
In France young girls are trained in
winsome, attractive manners. They are
careful to stand aside to permit their eld
ers to pass first. They do not sit while
any one of them Is standing, "and their
polite deference in conversation pays them
a pretty compliment. It was for a French
woman that the word "charming" was
invented.
Children should not be forward in claim
ing the attention of friends or visitors
when they are being greeted by the elder
members of the family, neither should one
hold out a reluctant hand under parental
coercion. Shyness Is only less unattract
ive than forwardness, and is due generally
to ignorance of what is expected of one.
Should a child enter the room where the
mother is entertaining a visitor to ask a
question oc favor he or she should stand
by the mother's side, without speaking,
until addressed by or presented, to the
stranger. Then, after asking permission
to prefer the request, it is made, and the
child withdraws, after taking courteous
leave of the guest.
We all feel that It is humiliating to have
the attention of others directed to our
shortcomings and children are not less
sensitive, but some mothers do not seem
ETIQUETTE
to know that they are breaking all the
laws of good taste in correcting a child
before a guest. It is as annoying to the
visitor as It Is cruel to the child, making
him awkward and self-conscious, if noth
ing •worse. The time is ill-chosen for child
training.- Any possible conflict or clash
of wills between parent and child should
be anticipated in time and the little one
tactfully withdrawn before any 'unseemly
friction becomes apparent to the visitor.
'. "Showing off" children is an unconscious
injustice to them. Let a mother keep to
herself, for private delectation, the knowl
edge that her child is a prodigy/, ■
A Well-Trained Boy^
L»et a boy be as free as air out of doors,
but in the house demand that he behave
like a 'gentleman. In medieval times
lads were, made pages to courtly dames
for such training.
It is not^' however, the province of the
entire family, to bring him up. "Nagging"
Is one of "the small foes to the >peace of
a household, but the teaching of boys to"
be gentlemen at home is as essential 'as
the training of them ' to ' be men in ' the
world. ■'.:.;•. ,:.'' :; ■■. ■'.,. ._.'.<-..••■; ,:.. : .
When: physical ;. strength begins to be
realized by 'a boy. his first idea is touse
it solely as a power. He must be taught
to regard it also as c responsibility. His
strength inclines a truly manly man. to
gentleness toward those who tire weaker.
"Noblesse oblige." A' tactful mother. will
make much, of a lad's strength, appearing
a little dependentupon it. . ■. ■• , -*• ■ < '
A boy accompanying his mother or sis
ters inf the street should be taught to
raise his. hat when they return a bow or
meet a. friend;-' or when '.alone the boy
passes an acquaintance of his own or of
the family, he should show the same cour
tesy, unless in the case of a fellow lad
or a young man, when a bow or , nod
suffices.
The old adage. "Children should be seen
and not heard," has not been supersed
ed by a better, however unpopular with
the present generation. It would spare
mal-apropos r remarks until the child
were old. enough to recognize when to
speak, and when to be silent.'
Boys early learn sportsman's etiquette,
to accept defeat uncomplainingly, to show
no favoritism in playing games, and to
keep one's temper, but girls are some
times offenders in these things.
Unless self-government is taught, pa
rental training- is imperfect.
Imposing Self -Control.
—A look should be sufficient to restrain
a child in public if he or she has been
properly Instructed behind the scenes.
Especially when guests _ are present it is
unseemly for there to be any protest on
the , child's part against the parent's*
■wishes, expressed by word or look.
At air times "No" should be irrevocable
when uttered; but a conscientious review
of the situation should first be made, in
strict Justice to the* little beings who are
so entirely dependent for happiness. A
"teasing" child is merely a victim of bad
management.
A wholesome - self-restraint about an
noying trifles la imposed by good man
ners. Fretting: about the weather or a
disappointment, fussing about what can
not be cured, poisons the atmosphere like
a miasma. •' .
The practice of allowing a sick child to
be as cross, petulant, and exacting as his
humor dictates is an injustice to the child,
who should be taught that under no cir
cumstances may one remit the effort at
self-control. The Injunction should be
pressed with loving firmness, -v.
Children should be early instructed in
behavior at table. No amount of tiub.se:
quent drilling quite atones for early neg
lect.
All corrections should, however, be
made in such a manor as not to attract
the attention of others. At the family
meeting-place nothing should be allowed
to overshadow the general pleasantness.
Kvery-day etiquette includes the custom
of cheerful daily greetings. When a
grunt does duty for a a pleasant "good
morning" and inaudible murmur replaces
a tender "good-night," family manners
need mending. ..'.,■
People should never be criticised ad
versely in the presence of children.
A look should be sufficient to restrain a
child from eating some coveted dainty at
table. If children were made to feel that
their parents denied themselves? a pleas
ure in denying them their wishes, and
that only their best judgment guided by
tenderest love prompted the refusal of
what they would be. far happier to grani,
there would be more trust and less fric
tion between parents and children. "'■•"
In no one thing does the good and bad
training of early life so quickly betray
itself as, in the treatment of those whom
circumstances have placed in dependent
positions. The higher the nature the more
strongly is felt the inarticulate appeal
from the less-favored classes for . justice
and gentleness.
Children should not be thrown in the
society of servants for companionship
more than necessary, but they should be
required to treat them with courteous con
sideration, prefacing every request with
"please," and ready with pleasant thanks
In acknowledgment of anyv service.
Among influences that mold and re
fine the young persons of the household
is the informal and frequent entertain
ment of welcome guests. Those ac
customed to the, presence of visitors have*
more pleasing manners, are more at thelij
ease, and consequently more graceful and
tactful than those who have not this ad
vantage.
Entertaining visitors unifies a family, all
being pledged to the same object, the
gratification of theTJuest.
.Children should be made to feel their
identification with the home. A little fel
low replied to th,e question whether he had
any brothers and sisters, "No, we have
only one child."
Social observance requires no effort if
one' learns it in early youth. A child
should be encouraged to write his or her
own note of thanks for a pleasure offered
or a present received. However, childish
ly expressed, it will probably thank the
giver better than most correct effusions
written by an elder.
- Should a ehild;bf one household have a
quarrel with another, the mothers show a,
petty spirit in adopting it themselves.
The difference should be carefully look
ed into, and the children urged to apolo
gize and "make up." The one who is
most forward to take the initiative has
usually the finer instincts. Should a
mother learn that her child has been
guilty of some grave fault toward an-i,
other, she should call at once with her^
child upon the one who has been injured,/
and make her child apologize, expressing,
her own regret and offering to make any
reparation in her power. She should be
met in a generous and forgiving spirit.
The rule works goth ways.
5 No woman should ever presume to scold
or correct the child of another, rtur should
she be. the one to report its misdeeds.
A' school girl's dress should be plain,
neat and calculated to excite no envy, at
tract no attention. Simplicity Is not only
in good taste, but it is the characteristic
of a little maiden's costume among thoso
•who set a fashion by adopting it. Chil
dren should be as unconscious of their
clothes as birds of their plumage. To
talk of their dress before them is fatal
to that spirit.
When unwise mothers or nurses admire
them, in a particular costume or discuss
its becomingness, the poison begins to
work.
It is wisdom on the part of parents to
. encourage the visits of their children's
friends and make them so welcome that
they may feel at' home. So it may bo
Judged whether or not their companion
ship is to be desired,
• It is best for the mother to limit the
children's circle of acquaintance to thosa
of her own personal friends, as far as
may be, since she nresumably knows
, something of the home influences. KhouM .
invitations come from children whoso'
parents are unknown to her, they should,
be written by the mother of such chil
dren or accompanied by a line from that
lady seconding the invitation; but in any
case it is wise to make inquiries and
learn what one may of the influences sur
rounding the new playmates.
Children's Entertainments.
A birthday Is generally the occasion of
childish hospitalities. The young" folk
Continued on Page Seven.THE GIRL
WHO
ELOCUTES
TWO DIFFERENT TYPES.
SOMETHING ABOUT THE
MAIDEN WHOSE HISTRI
ONIC EFFORTS ARE A JOY
AND PLEASURE TO HER
FRIENDS— ALSO A LITTLE
CONCERNING THAT OTHER
ONE WHO, THINKS SHE
POSSESSES TALENT BTJT
PROVES AN AWFUL BORE.
BE ONE, NOT THE OTHER.
DO you happen to know her? If not,
you may consider yourself fortu
tunate Indeed. Lives there a man
with soul so dead that he really-'
enjoys hearing the amateur elocu- ,
tlon of a schoolgirl? It is said that "love
is blind," and so, alas, arc the mothers
and relatives of embryo, would-be elocu
tionists of the feminine persuasion.
Oh, girls, why will you do it? :
Are there not other arts which -would be
lees obtrusive and harm no one- hut your
selves? ■"•■■:■ ■ ' ■..' -
Could you not take up a fad of some
kind— something -which would not of nec
essity have-to be inflicted upon along-
Buffering public— golf, tennis, Greek."any«
thing rather than this absurd ranting and
rolling of eyes and wringing of hands
which makes your audience feel ashamed
for you. and which no one under the blue
sky cares for except your poor, love
blinded maternal ancestor, and perhaps,
by chance, the paternal also?
Not one girl In a thousand has any real
talent for elocution, and yet It seems to us
that about half of the girls nowadays
are laboring under the fatal delusion that
they have marked talent in that direction.
We have in mind just now the one girl in
a thousand who has the "real thing"—
genuine talent— "all wool and a yard
wide," and we have also in mind one of
those deluded ones who are chasing the
Ignus fatuus of the counterfeit.
• The former is a sweetly pretty girl, who,
when she addresses an audience, does bo
la such a sweet and unaffected manner
THE SUNDAY CALL.
that one's sympathies go out to her at
once, and she hua only spoken a few
words when the audience is en rapport
with her. It ia not bo much what she
Bays, as how she says it. For instance,
If she Is going to say: "Waiter, bring me
a sandwich," she says it, and does not
yell like a raving maniac, supplicating
some unseen demon and fairly tearing her
hair out by the roots in her frenzy. No!
the girl with the genuine article makes
Her request In such a natural and winning
way that the people are moved, and feel
like Roln~ en masse to grant her request.
If she Hnys "This ia killing me," her
tone is «o genuinely full of sorrow that It
needs no tearing of hnlr and facial gym
nastics to prove It to them. They believe
It, nnd genuine tears are streaming from
their eyes; for she made it ronl, and did
not weaken the effect by clawing atten
tion to the fact that the diamond in the
ring on the middle finger of her left hand
la not a genuine one, and that when she
leans forward her waist twists In a way
which shows that her dressmaker also
is an amateur, and is not up. to dato in
her manner of clothing "tho human form
divine."
When girl No. 1 says anything funny it
seems to have sprung spontaneously from
the impulsive humor of a girl's fresh
heart, and does not seem at all seconU
hand. You are not painfully Impressed
with the fact that this la the place to
laugh, and you must do it if it chokes
you to death, because the watchful eyes
of the girl's mother are fixed upon you
and she knows that this is .ae proper
place to laugh, so you can't elective her
for one moment. She Is Buch a der>r
friend of yours, nnd It takes so little to
please her, so, Wiilfa you watch h>r
enRer fnce and see her lips moving in
unison with every word her daughter in
saying you take the cue, and -guided by
the mother's face you laugh at the prop
er moment, or rather, you do not laugh,
but go through n process which is n crosa
between a hiccough and n yell, and for
which you loathe yourself ever after, and
ho the day is paved, and the mother 13
still your friend. . iV.-A, •',
Girl No. 1 might say exactly the same
thing and you could not restrain yourself
—you would roar, you would fulrly howl,
wime your sides would ache and the tears ;
would roll down your cheeks and you
would npplnud and try to bring her back
until your hands were fairly blistered,"
and yet— ycu had heard girl No. 2 recito
that Eelf-same thing and you had no In
clination to laugh.
When girl No. 1 has said, "I am not
mad, but soon will be,", your very heart
went, out to the poor creature and you
believed it was really, true, and you cried »
until you were ashamed of yourself and
made furtive dabs at. your nose and
thought of the time wasted in '-putting "
cold cream and powder on the aforesaid
organ in order to look nice. What did it
matter whether you looked nice or not?
Looked nice, indeed! and that poor, sweet
thing there before you,, actually going
mad— MAD! Ohi it was horrible! Your
very soul^was convulsed- with agony. Sho
so young and beautiful,' too, and yet— her
unaffected tone had carried such convic
tion with it that believe it you must.
A few weeks later you happened to be
at a "missionary tea" where the other
young female with elocutionary impedi
nients was to shine forth.
\ After the heathen had been fully dis
cussed, and 11 cents had been collected
for the support of "little Rose," a heath
en in a heathen land, and sister N
had read, the- "minutes" (they seemed
more like- hours) and weak, lemonade and
sponge cake had been passed around, the
"passer" /ailing all over herself in order
to hurry by the good old "sister" who
always took two pieces— after all these
things- had been done and the heathen
duly commiserated for not coming: at
once en masse to our country and get
ting hold of our one exclusive form of
religion as fast as they could, then^ in
deed, came THE moment of all the meet
ing:. ■• ' .. • ■ . " -
The heathen were, "not In it" when
Sophronisby paced the boards. "There
was racing and. chasing on Cannnbie
Lea" when Sophia, with majestic mien
. and stately pride, condescended to amble'
out and place herself in front of the
portieres (portieres always' looked tragic,
she thought, there was always a chance
of some one being concealed behind them
witha- dagger, "don't you know")."
■ Well, it chanced that No. 2 had
made the same selection , as the one
tflth; which No. 1 girl had con
verted you into a perfect Niobe, but
evca though you. could plainly see her
inother working her lips a.nd searching
vainly in' the back breadth of .her skirt
for a handkerchief— even that did not
move you from your stoical indifference.
When she frantically pulled the trump
from her sleeve and yelled In a voice
which sounded like Finnegan in the pho
nograph, "1 am not mad, but soon will
be." all sorts of ridiculous answers filled
your mind, and you felt like saying,
"Bet your life, old girl," and instead of
putiing your handkerchief up to mop the
coptous tears, you put it up to hide the
idiotic grin which you felt was gradually
spreading from ear to ear. It seems to
you that you never were possessed of
such un insane desire to laugh, and you
know by watching the thermomctrlcal
expression of the mother's face that a
laugh at ihls juncture would be "the last
strlftv."
Oh, girls, girls, GIRLS! If you are cher
ishing illusions to the effect that you are
embryo geniuses In the elocutionary line,
go, I beg of you, and be phrenologized,
or— or chloroformed, or anything, In fact,
except to grow up retaining the illusion
and Inflicting it upon patient and well
meaning people, who might othervviso
have been your friends. ";'
To all such girls I would give tho ad
vice usually given to thoso about to
marry— -• > .
Dou't. JESSIE JULIET KNOX.
3no_textno_textTHE WINTER SHIRT ;..
.yWAIsf GIRUND HER
'WINTER SHIRT WAISTS
.They are made of all'ma
terials, from men's overcoat
ing ■! to chiffon, and are lined
or unlined, according to • her
uses; but of air waists the
daily and general" utility one
stands highest in her estima
tion, for upon this the shirt
■waist girl, depsnds'.for the
beauty and comfort which are
now heis all the year round,
with the assistance of this lit
tle garment. Shirt' waist
"sets" and of what they con
sist—Waists,built to show the
back^-N'ew belts nnd the latest
buckles — materials just out.
Y F the shirt waist girl was a Tcr.tnr?
I of. summer, she Is no less a fcvUuirj oC
I winter. . " v
X Not in the glorious summer tide were
' there more .shirt waist girls than'theru
nroto-day;; ami, thoughuliere Is snow 1 iu
the air und ice in ..the Htreets, the shirt
waist flourishes In numbers ami in beauty.
: 'l'heit! is veiy lit t e comparison In gojii
looks between the shirt waist of 'summer
and the 'one or' winter,' for. the latter so
. l'nr outdistances ttitj former that it were
unwise to look' at the two in the euma
day or. by ; tire same -light. The' summer
ehirt waist was a iltile wusli. thing, some- '<
thing- to : be picked up, put on, worn a
day and thrown aside for the tub. The
winter shirt waist is something that is not
to be tubbed,. but to be worn delicately,
wisely und well, and to be enjoyed as a
staple and- conventional feature of dress.
■ .Yet there are winter shirt waists that
can be tubbed. The new flannel waists,
made, with ; tucked yokes and plain. bust,
with buttons down the back, are titted for
washing, provided the colors be of; the
Hurt that do not fade. ; These waists are
made without lining; there being the
veriest shell of a lining from the stock
downward toward the bust, but terminat
ing Just at the yoke.
Kven the' Bleeve3 of, these waists aro
unlined and the cuffs are stiffened with
material that will - not shrink, usually
with another thickness of tlannel, stitched
along the edges.
' The Wash Winter Waist.:" v >
The wash flannel , waist is very useful
nml ticK-idedly pretty/ It comes In the doe
ukln : tlannel, in silk tlannel, in French
tlannel and in the outing wools. It is
made up In any simple way, though taste
Inclines toward the tucked front* and
back, und it is buttoned down the back.
Those who do'not fancy the back but
tons can make the waist wlthsilver but
tons extending from the throat to the
belt. The waist has a few side plaits for
fullness just at each side of the throat.
and at the waist these plaits are again
laid with neat precision. There Is no other
trimming down the front, for the elegance
of this waist depends wholly upon the
general set of the collar, the way the
sleeves are put in, the : trlmness of the
back and' the squareness of the coat
tslpeve shoulder. A waist properly fitted
on these lines is called the Kngliah waist,
lor it is the accepted one abroad.
But it is in the trimmed waists that the
•hirt waist shows to best udvuntage.
Here one sees it with all the newness of
the recently invented and lately imported
LATEST
NEW YORK
FASHION GOSSIP
modes and upon this fancy shirt waist
one expends one's .admiration, for it is u
thing'of much beauty.
A shirt waist, to tell of the handsomest
first, was made of panne silk, very soft
nnd very velvety upon tho surface. Its
color was the dearest rose, such a delicata
shade. The yoke, for It had u deep yoke
front and, buck, showed a covering of net
lace upon when' there, was a litlo silk cm
broidery. To the yoke hung a. deep fall
of lace. •- ■ .. • .
The upper part of the sleeves and th*
upper part of the waist were made of tha
pink* panne silk with u little figure in it,
all Htudded with, the tiniest steel nail
heuds. Around the elbows there was i\
band of chinchillu with a deep fall of side
reaching ulmost to the wrists.
The belt wag a very deep band of white
satin ribbon studded with steel and fas.
tened at the back, with three little buc
kles of eteel and rhinestones. Over this
belt fell a putting of plain pink panne silk.
to look like a blouse. The stock was of
pink velvet and lace.
Such u waist, worn, by |Mrs. Clareivo
Mackay, was one of the loveliest at a
matinee party, and owing to its high neck
and long sleeves It was wholly appropri
ate for the occasion and for the tea which
followed the theater. No hat was worn
with this shirt waist, but a little shouLier
cape* with a hood that came up over liiu
hair. The skirt was u plain black sain
one, trimmed with a deep flounce of k> • t
lace with a little pink velvet laid unlor
the lace as a heading.
The Waist and Skirt.
The ehirt waist, while differing from the
skirt, matches it In many ways. It bears
a family resemblance to it in color und
often in general style, though rarely in
texture.
In these days of choux the matter of
color can always be arranged, and it ta
a simple thing to get color results from
the judicious use of ribbon and roses.
Upon tne shirt waists there. are choux.
and few are the dressy waists that do not
show from one to three of them. These
are made up In materials light or materi
als heavy; in ribbon,, in chiffon or in vel
vet, and in the hearts ot the handsomest
ones there nestles the fashionable rtM*.
Surely there was never a season when
the artificial rose was one-half as much
sought after nor a season when it was
used In more ways. The newest chou
sets show the rose nestling In the middle
of the chou, and besides they show a ro*e
dangling from the chou until It hangs at
the end of a ribbon. - A chou that wua
placed upon the bust of a gown worn bythe pretty Miss May Goelet recently had
two narrow ribbons fastened to It, and on
the other end of the ribbons there hung
a velvet rose, dangling fully four inches
below the chou. He sure in trimming u»
your handsome shirt waists to use -arti
ficial roses in plenty, for you get the. fin
est results in that manner. . j
Quite apart from the waist of flannel,
or the one of handsome velvet and lace,
Is the winter shirt waist, which is made
of corduroy and its cousin, winter velvet.
This waist is for utility, and well does it
serve, out its self-appointed mission 7 of
wearing well. A good shirt waist of
heavy, warm, dark velvet will furnish
a staple article of dres.i for every day
all winter and probably make a mountain
jacket next' fall.
Get Good Velvet.
In buying a dark velvet shirt waist
there -is -only one course- open— get the
best. Poor velvet never was a bargain at
any time and made up Into a shirt waist
it Is doubly not what It seems to be.
Good velvet does not "crock," does not
wear off, does not crease readily and is
warm and beautiful while an inch of it re
mains.
Corduroy is still more serviceable than
velvet, for it has about it certain admir
able traits of. durability. Where velvet
"spots" corduroy does not; it can be
cleaned here and there delicately with a
sponge and water. It wtll bear hard
usage and It Is a little heavier than vel
vet. ■ ' •
The young women of New York's Pour
Hundred are wearing corduroy shirt
waists for their tramps daily on Fifth
avenue. They select the dark-green
shades, buttoned down the front with big
brass buttons, and they choose i the
strange blues, with their big army-like
fastenings. There are browns, too, browns
galore, In corduroys, and- the waists Hint
are made from any of these are good.
The corduroy waist is very much liked
made us a Norfolk, with a wide plait
each side of the middle of the back and
one each side of the middle of the front.
The plait is stitched upon each edge and
Is very flat and trim, not loose, uncertain
an- baggy, as some plaits are.
Corduroy is also brought under the spell
of the tucker's art and Is tucked. A
beautiful corduroy waist, worn by Mrs.
Harry Payne Whitney, was In black, *. .th
the uppers of the sleeves tucked as far
as the elbow. The tucks were very, very
small and were released only to allow
the elbow room, then were resumed again
to the wrist, where they were released
again to make a Russian puff, below
which came a tight little coat cuff, all of
corduroy. The waist showed a tucked
front, with the fullness of the release com
ing over the bust, then there was tucking
again, the whole caught in a belt, which
waa, very pointed In front.'- though not
by any means exaggeratedly so. ■• . -
Mrs. Vanderbilt's Corduroy.
1 Mrs., Alfred Vanderbilt ha# been v.ear
ing a corduroy which 1 was warm and
pretty. The waist and skirt were alike
and in» a tobacco brown." The skirt was
perfectly p'ain, except for rows and rows
of stitching around the foot, and the
waist was of the full blouse variety. Over
it she wore the prettiest. of ermine capes,
coming just over the shoulders. The cape
had • those "eyes' 1 - which 'mark ermine
with the price mark of expen&lveness.
The collar was very tall, but was cut to
roll back irom the ears. . . !
Around the neck there was a iband.of
brown velvet put on in u half puffed, half
gathered fashion, with a big bow' in front
with Jong ends that came far bjelow the
waist. These ends were "made"; ones o"
velvet, cut slanting' upon the ends, and
widening all the wajr They were lined
with satin.
"Made" velvet bows will be very much
worn and the velvet in them must be of a
very, high quality. To be extremely up-to
date these velvet ends and loops, indeed
the whole bow, must be satin lined; in
stead of velvet lined, and they must be.
large, not at all suggesting the skimpy
little .velvet bow worn upon the shirt
waist a year ago.
The winter shirt walnt is built for the
back, as the summer tsliirt waist is built
for the front. The summer girl wants to
look attractive as she comes to meet you
in the sunlight. The winter girl must
look attractive at all times, in parlor and
in Kitting room, on dull days and bright
ones. To accomplish this she must build
her shirt waist for both views, front and
back.
Not a few of the new waists are ui
trimmed In front except for bunds, per
haps of sllk.Jaid on in great circles, one
circle looping the front from shoulder to
shoulder, one edge of the band sewed
tight, the other loo.«e. There may be three
bands of ullk, one laid below the other,
and slightly overlapping, as though they
were tiu-ks. This style is very much af
fected by those who like the shirt waist
that is buttoned In the back.
The buck of such a waist may be quite
elHborate with Its folds of silk, its hem
stitohiiiK and its very handsome buttons
whieh can sentinel the path between tho
back of the neck and the back of the
belt. —
The trick of trimming the waist for the
back view Is much noticed upon the even
in; waists. Many of these are positively
elaborate, even fussy, in the flouncing^
and. rutnings that fall from tho neck and
from the yoke. , .
• ihere Is- a back that is liked by those
-who enjoy the French waist. It begins,
to start with the belt, with a very wide
liberty satin ribbon • which Is hooked in
the back under»a very.ornate buckle. Tho
belt In the back" is very, very wide and
would suggest an empire were It not for
the fact that It dips upon the sides and la
pulled low, in front.
At the back of this fancy French waist
there Is. a litle bolero, put on the back
only, for. it comes only from the armpits.
Then there ' s » little puffing of chiffor.
wnich falls below the bolero^and over
the belt all the way around; anl
finally/ to finish at the neck there, is a
yoke of lace with a deep lace ruffle. Th»
stock ie, of course, necessary, but it is a
thing that Is put on afterward and whicto
can be varied. -
Shirt "Waist Belts.
The shirt waist belt is a thing that d«
mands attention, for it Is a thing apart,
like tho stock. Belts spring up every
day, and are every day buried and for
gotten in the depths of Mme. La Mode's
castaways, but they come to light again,
anew; enjoying another existence.
The belt which at this very second
holds the center of the world's attention,
that part of It which is interested in the
winter shirt waist, Is the one that haa
two buckles, one in the middle of the
front and one In the middle of the back.
This may be a shaped belt, but it must
be Bhaped by some one who understands
the how und wherefore.
The buckle in the back, in the case of
the beltwlth two buckles, is the one that
Is for show. It is slidden upon a ribbon
and takes Its place right in the middle of
the back. It may be one of those long,
nanow buckles which make the waist
look so lengthy and slender, or it may be
a more up-to-date thine.
One of the very newest of the back-of
the-walst buckles looks like three buckles
— and, indeed, U Is three, fastened .under
neath in some way. Visible there are
three circular buckles caught in buckle
fashion through the Bilk. They may b«
in pearls, which are so pretty, or In steel,
which is so fashionable, or In silver, which
is a fad with so manv women.
The newest convert to the silver fad Is
Queen Wilhelmina, who has decided that
all her small ornaments shall be stiver.
Continued on Page Seven,6
THE KING AND QUEEN
OF SIAM
WILL VISIT SAN FRANCISCO
ROYALTY Is really going to pay a
visit to this country In the person
of King Chulalongkorn*of Siam,
and his Queen.
Hamilton King, United States
Minister at Bangkok, Slam, has' been in
formed through Prince Devawongse, Sia
ir.eso Minister for Foreign Affairs, that
King Chulalongkorn of Siam would like
to pay a visit to America in the near fu
ture. His, Majesty has It in his mind to
visit Japan, and would be pleased to avail
himself of the same opportunity to visit
the United States also. The Minister
Pineapples for Decoration
PINEAPPLES for decoration seem a
little odd, but they prove very ar
tistic for center tables. The variety
Caraguata cardlnalis , has green
leaves, the inner ones of the rosette hav
ing a magnlll: snt orange red tint. . Out of
this ro?ette rises the bright red blossom.
The brilliantly tinted leaves of blooming
plants retain their color a whole year.
Other plants show beautifully marked
leaves. Billbergla rhoducyanea, for In-
Htnnco, has liuted leaves, with wavy
white cross lines. Strong plants bear
stately blossoms surmounted by large
rose-colored leaves. These plants collect
a great deal of water in the funnel-shaped
base of the leaves, whereby the at
mospheric moisture necessary to the plant
Is created and maintained. The plants
renew themselves by sprouts, so that one
l)lant pronorly attended to provides never
ending pleasure.
THE SUNDAY CAT.L.
■ -■■■.■' -•»;-; •' ■ ■ ■ • ' ■
Hamilton King, our Minister at Bangkok, receives formal no
tice of Chulalongkorn's projected trip. The monarch wants to take
another look at western civilization for the benefit of his subjects.
He "will make the trip in hia own yacht. This visit should boom
American trade with Siam. ' ' C ■
thinks that such a visit would lead- to A
better appreciation of American institu
tions on the part of the Siamese.
For some years there have been period
ical rumors that the King Intended visit
ing America. There Is a certain degree
of caution "required In discussing and ar
ranging such a trip, because of the ne
cessity of determlninc the exact status
of the Ktng abroad In such a manner
that nothing might happen In his treat
ment which would cause him to lose^dlg
nlty In the eyes of his people." While^the
King waa on his trip through Europe
several years ago circumstances with re
gard to his reception gave rise to much
newspaper comment and misinterpreta
tion. It la against the possibility of such
misinterpretation that he wishes to guard.
He appreciates that for one monarch Lo
visit the realm of another means an in
vitation from the sovereign host 'and
more or less -recognition on the part of
the government to which he Is of neces-
Kity in the position of a guest. He at
the same time appreciates that with our
republic it must be quite otherwise, and
while he fully understands this and would
be glad to come to the United State* iu
a private capacity, if he could do so, for
the sake of the education it would be to
himself and his people, he feels a fear
that tff co in such a manner might be
regarded in Siam as indicating something
of hostility, or at least Indifference to his
country.
The King would come with his suite In
his own yacht to San Francisco. There
lives In Michigan,, at Grand Rapids, Rev.
Duniel P; Bradley, D. D., who was bowi
in Siam and lived there years ago as an
Intimate friend of his Majesty, and who
speaks the Siamese language fluently. He
would be of vast assistance, if his ser
vices could be secured in charge of the
royal party.
Siam Is well disposed toward us and
thoroughly appreciates the Influence of
America in the Chinese question. She has
known us, with the exception of the
Cheek case, very favorably through our
missionaries, but naturally through such
a channel she has known us only as a
good people* rather than as a. great and
strong nation. For political power she
has always looked toward Europe only.
The best Blum has seen or now knows
in commercial or industrial development
lias either been seen in Europe or been
brought hither from Europe by her lead
ers, very many of whom have been edu
cated there.
The stars and stripes have not been
seen in the harbors of Bangkok for over
six years, but American commerce is find
ing its way there and her products are
commending themselves in competition
with the cheap stuffs that flood the Ori
ent. Japan has opened her doors toward
American goods and American Institu
tions, and the ways of Japan are the am
bition of her little sister. All^thls makes
the King the more desirous of knowing
the United States.
Bee Venom for Rheumatism
A DOCTOR of much repute in Vien
na advocates as an effective rem
edy for rheumatism the saturat
ing of tho patient's body with tha
venom of bees. For the purpose he ex
tracts the venom, treasuring it up in
quantity and applying it artificially in the
way of punctures. He founds this treat
ment on his discovery that rheumatic pa
tients do not suffer from a bee's sting
to anything like the same degree as other
people. He found that the r tumefaction
or swelling that follows the stinging of a,
bee does not appear In the rheumatic pa
tient unless ho has been stung several
times, while in gome cases the stinging la
hardly felt. When the patient suffers
himself to be stung repeatedly his, im
munity against the poison of the bee be
comes complete and he feels no pain
whatsoever. What ia more, he get»
cured of his lheumatlsm.THE BEST KNOWN CLUB WOMEN OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Mrs. Severance has been called "Tha
Mother of Clubs" so often that it is some
what of a blow to tradition to be told that
she does not wish the title.
Yet here is what she writes:
"I do disclaim being: called the Mother
or Clubs, since, although the New
York Sorosis was u trifle behind our lios
ton-or rather, to give it the true title,
our New England Woman's Club-they
should not bo rivals for that honor, but
call themselves 'twin clubs,' as our friemi
or San 1< rancisco, Mrs. Horace Davis, hap
pily named them. When I look over the
lists and activities of our numberless wo
man s clubs the world over, I feel like si
many times great-grandmother."
However, in spite of her renunciation of
the title, It was given to her with reason.
*or she was the founder of that Boston
?"}»•. the New England Woman's Club.
? m il Was t i? e llrst o£ lhe er eat ll »t to
which every State in the Union has added.
That was founded when she was still a
young woman; to-day she Is over eighty
and I proud of her years, for they are mile
5nn?r?i 'i r K ,S h< L ro ? d of mucn lab « r ac
complished. ]f thut labor had not been di
rected by a warm heart and a cool hea-1
<^ e < W( ?V ld RS* be t0 " da y thousands of
tafe country over to tell the
She began carrying off honors when she
was a school girl and she has been keep
»™i«h P w£ »™c«co ever since. She has
exploded the theory that those who gradu-.
ate with honors never do anything else.
She went to Mrs. ftkord's school, a pri
vate institution in that exclusive old New
«V i^°^ n> Gen <L va - J t was a school ot
the old type where young ladies were
aught not only branches of book learning,
but the savoir f»ire of the polite world -as
we »l. You will notice that those who were
grounded thus in the old days have never
lorgotten the lessons that were often im
pressed by a ruler over the knuckles or a
thimble over the cranium. In these days
when the multitudinous facts and theories
crammed into baby headfi go in at one ear
and come out at the other, Jt is a marvel
to look upon the old-time pupils and see
tn<3 impression made by early training.
Mrs. Severance, with all her up-to-date
ness, is an example of that old-school
training. Her courtesy is old-fashioned
and ■ flawless. .That she devoted herself
also to the more solid branches at Mrs.
liicord's school is proved by the fact that
she was valedictorian of her class. She
was only sixteen years old at that time.
She married young. She has never been
the one-sided woman that some of her
clever co-workers have been. She has
never found club life enough for hei\ She
had her romance just as other girla have,
in aplte of the fact that she was a vale
dictorian and an embryo "clubber."
£tfqU$ttg--5y Mrs.' KTnSsTaejd.
Continued from Page Two.
should be encouraged to write their own
invitations, under the guidance of some
older person— stationery with special deco
rations comes for the ■ purpose— and j it
may be posted or the youthful hosts may
think It an added pleasure to leave them
. at their destination in person."*
If the invitation be for a small dance,
it may be formal, written in the third
person — «
Miss Gladys Jay
requests the plcapure of the company, of
Master Harry Danvers
at her birthday party on Thursday
the seventh of February, at four o'clock.
Thirty" West Fortieth street.
Or the invitation may be given in a
friendly little note, in some such form
ns —
Dear Jean: ■ .
Will you come to my birthday party
on A ednesday afternoon at four o'clock?
We shall meet on the lawn, and I hope
that we may have a pleasant time.
Yours sincerely,
Gladys Jay.
Thirty West Fortieth street.
In winter the entertainment usually
takes the form of a little dance, lasting 1
from 4 until 7, during which the playing
of games alternates with or follows the
dancing. '
The shades are drawn, the gap and
lamps ure lighted, the music of a piano
or a piano and violin or harp is arranged
for, and the young hosts, simply dressed,
receive their guests, aided by the mother
or some older person who is fond of chil
dren. \
The pretty courtesies and generous lit
tle sacrifices demanded by the position
of host and hostess should be mado
to appear as their pleasant duty, and
that their chief concern must be to
play the games their visitors prefer, to
Bee that none are overlooked in the
dancing and at supper, and that every
one there has a good time.
The refreshments may be served when
things begin to drag. Supper need not
necessarily be the final feature. The
birthday cake may occupy the center of
the table, Its top either decorated with au
many small candles as the child has
years, or frosted to represent the dial
of a clock, the hand pointing to the nu
meral that coincides with the age of the
host or hostess. A wreath of green may
surround it, if flowers are too expensive,
or Instead of the cake there may be a
large low basket of paper roses, which
Is passed around after the feast, and
THE SUNDAY CALL.
"The Best Known Club Women on the Pacific CoastP" Do you,,
know who they areP Or, in knowing who they are, have you ever
studied their personalities to know why they should be considered
the "best known"? /■ This sketch of Mrs. C. M. S. Severance is the
sixth in an interesting series on just those lines. ..
She married before she was 21. Auburn,
another of those small and exclusive New
York towns, was her home and there she
was married. She went at once to Cleve
land and set up housekeeping. Her hus
band was launching himself in life' as' a
banker. ' '■
There the younj? Severance family pros
pered in a worldly sense, -but there was
sorrow in the household when the oldest
from which each child draws a flower
«i:.J finds a little Rift attached to it.
It fulfills the child's idea of a good
time if there is something which may be
carried home— a tangible evidence of
what has passed like a dream. Therefore
a simple favor may be provided, either
in the way just indicated or placed at
each cover if the children sit at_table.
This is, of course, only adapted to a
very small party. Bouillon, sandwiches
rolled and tied with rihbons, oranges cut
in the shape of baskets and plenty of mot
toes suffice for the early supper.
In summer the birthday fete will be
the more enjoyable if held on the lawn
from 4 to 7 in the afternoon. In the free
dom of an "outdoor party," in the so
ciety of many playfellows, children ac
quire such bright spirits and are usually
in such holiday mood as to make any
great effort for their amusement unnec
essary.
Games of all kinds may give merry
occupation until a slight weariness begins
'• . threaten,' and then the young folk
may be marshaled to another part of the
grounds, where little tables set under the
trees, decorated with daisies and butter
cups, will enable them to "play tea
party" after an ideal fashion. A sensible
menu that will be productive of no un
pleasant after effects may consist of
chicken sandwiches, -with milk or cocoa,
let) cream in flower molds, sponge cake
and plain bonbons. The costume mottoes
never fail to create a little flutter of fun
and excitement. The boys like the noise
and the girls enjoy the "dressing up."
There is often a birthday cake with can
dles, in which are baked a little ring and
thimble. When the cake is cut, great
interest is felt in their chance of desti
nation. A bowl of lemonade should be
accessible throughout the afternoon.
If the entertainment is In hi.nor of a
birthday, the guests often lung some
trifling gift to the young host or hostess
— »i book, a game, or some small inex
pensive souvenir.
Their greetings should be In the form
of congratulations — "Many happy returns
of the day," "I wish you a happy birth
day," or, as a bright little girl once
s -id, "I hope that you will have three
hundred und sixty-five happy days In this
year."
In taking Jeave, each little guest should
say to the lady of the house, "Good af
ternoon, Mrs ; I have had a very
pleasant time," or "Thank you, Mrs. ;
I have enjoyed myself very much," and
then bid the child host or hostess good
by with some cordial expression of pleas
ure.
child, a son, died. Perhaps if It had not
been for this sorrow Mrs. Severance would
be less of a woman than she. Is , to-day.
Her warm heart and quick sympathy are
known •verywhere, and they must have
ripened under the influence. of trouble.
There were three children besides the
one who died, and their growth and edu
cation kept her' busy. She studied with
them as they grew, keeping up with all
PashTon~l3y A'JS'Jsta ,p?$5cott-
Continued from Page Five.
Silver, it may be remarked, is the desnair"
of the dress decorator, for it is very diffi
cult to get effects with it, whereas Bteel -
works in well and ' is decorative, while
gold is absolutely brilliant. Jet has a
wlnky attractiveness, and even gun metal
looks well 'from a distance, but silver has
a provoking way of disappearing across
the room. .
A back buckle that is worn by many of
the most fashionable dressers is in strips,
all : the parls coming together at the
middle, but separating Mop and bottom.
This makes a wide buckle, narrow just
where you would have it narrow— at the
middle of the back. "»
The front of the buckle had better be
small, unless one is either- very, slender
or very much after effects. The. wide
front clasp has a way of making the ab- .
domen seem prominent, and is not becom
ing to many. The little, round buckle, the
medallion, the circle, the clasp, the little
no-matter-what ornament, so long as it is '
small, looks well upon all waists and can
be drawn down In the universal point.
With the Fur Wrap.
The most delightful feature of the new
shirt waists is seen In the manner in
which they are now being made to wear
with the fur wrap. They are actually
constructed for wear -with the shoulder
cape, and are not pretty unless worn with
it. True, they will pass muster when the
cape is slipped off, but by far the hand
somest part is that which appears below
the edge of the cape, when the cape is on.
A shirt waist, made to wear with a
deep velvet collarette, trimmed with, chin
chilla, was in de pegray silk flannel,
probably lined, for It was to be worn all
winter, with no other coat except the
shoulder ornament.
The front was built. upon the Norfolk
plan, with a big plait at each side of the
middle and big brass buttons upon the
middle, between the plaits. In front there
hungdown below the belt two wide basque
ends, while the belt, with its round waist,
wan cut off and in the back it was short,
coming just to the belt line. This half
Norfolk was very pretty for a winter's
day. ■
The project of owning two or three
shirt waists that are warm enough to
wear all winter under a shoulder cape is
a good one for the woman who la out
much in the air. This heavy shirt waist
Is comfortable for walking and does not
weight the shoulders like a coat. More
over, the little collarette protects the
their Interests m ptay and work. She let
noclety severely alone. She had no time
lor-lt, nnd besides, it did not interest her
as much us /study did.
She began to write for publication. She
took up book reviewing and at last catne
the day when she went to report n wo
man's suffrage conventioln at Akron,
Ol'iii,' It was one of the first of them,
v/hen the movement *vns new and unpop
ular. This was in 1S51.
This wns the real beginnir^t of her pub
lic work. She was tired with Ihe spirit of
the convention und she returned home a
full-fledged surfifiglst.
She -wrote , clcvor nnd enthusiastic re
ports of the convention, nnd these led to
Jier being invited to prepare a memorial
to be presented to the legislature oC
Ohio. The Ohio Woman's ltights Asso
clMlon requested this, und it was through
this organization that she was started
\ipon her career as a suffragist. She came
quickly to prominence In this association,
for the president was absent from the
first annual meeting in 1853 and Mrs. Sev
erance was chosen to have charge of tha
session in her place. . ■-.
From that time on she was a club wo
man amonfr club women. She moved to
Boston later, and thero'she kept up her
work. Her friends included some of the
best-known thinkers. Julia Wurd Howe
■was one of them. The famous .Hutchinson
family were of her intimate friends. Sen
ator John A. Foote encouraged her In her
juffrace work.
She has never lost her interest in th«.
■work of women, and .when she took up
her home in Ix»s Angeles she went about
stirring women there. She founded the
Friday Morning Club in . , ISM. was its
active president until the labor became
too arduous., and since that has been
president emeritus of the 'organization.
Mrs. Severance has always delighted in
adopting proteges in, whom she saw
symptoms of talent, and her generosity
has carried her too far at times, makink
inroads upon her pocketbook for unde
serving people. She believes, however,
that it is better to give to the occasional
undeserving than to refuse the now nnd
then angel who. may be entertained un
awares. ;..-... . . • . . ,
A little while ago I nsked her to write
a few words that might, he published as
a message from her. to club women every
where, and this is whaUsbe sent, in her
firm, youthful handwriting that shows no
trace of a tremble:
"The club Idea for women surely met a
real, perhaps a long.felt want, and I re
joice exceedingly in its wonderfully widn
acceptance, and believe- unfalteringly in
the gain to woman aud the world: hnppv
to have had »y. share in its launching."
enouiders and the lungs, and ia really th«
beat article that could be chosen for the
winter's outing: woman.
There is a waist that is made peculiarly
.for walking .wear., IJke its sister waist
it is built for show below the deep fur
collarette, with this difference, that all
the trimming ia In the back. This Waist
is designed to be worn with the collar
ette that has tails or ends in front. The
back, which is protected only by .the.
cape, is elaborately trimmed below the
yoke, or. below where the cape ends. This
is a novelty- waist, but It may contain -a
suggestion for the woman who likes to.di)
everything in the right, way.
Waist' Materials.
In waist materials one is really unlimit
ed. There are new goods this yeur that
flllevery chink found vacant in laBt sea
son's demands. The latest fad is the waJst
( that Is made of men's overcoating. It is
vex-y heavy and is, indeed, a coat. It is
almost too thick to be worn with a cape,
a collarette or even a boa, though there
are chiffon boas that. come for tne pur
pose of wearing with these thick- waists.
The waists made of overcoating are for
the most part blouses, as there is really
no other way to handle them, unless it be
as a Norfolk or as a plain waist, pulled
down front and buck in that rather se
vere new style. . ' .
It is a pretty mode which makes this
heavy shirt waist unbuttonuble, and of a
style, that comes oft entirely. The stock
unhooks at one side. The waist unbut
tons down the 1 front. Under it there ia
a guy silk waist, all lace und furbelows,
or a plain bilk blouse, just as may be,
Such an unbuttonable cloth shirt waist
mukes an excellent and very serviceable
church waist. One can keep it on or take
it off.
i The taffetas are more durable than they
were and some of them almost rank with
cloth in point of durability. A business
woman, who carefully tests each shirt
watst from a standpoint of durability,
found that one of tho new black' taffetas*
recommended by her dealer wore her
counting day for day, as. long as one of
cashmere. In point of beauty and com
fort she elected in favor of the talfeta,
though eomo find cashmere u more com
panionable stu rr.
The figured silks, the Loulsines, pompa
dours, Empires and colonial silks are all
relieved of their objectionable features by
the way in which they are treated. If you
cannot wear a whota bodice of J-ouismj
silk, with its scattered flowers, you cun
wear a deep yoke of it, and your sleevo
puffs can be of I^ouisine. The rest of tha
waist can be in plain silk of a color to
match the background of your Louisine.
Then your belt can be a little black velvet
strip and your stock can be of the same,
the latter overlaid with a strap of white
lace juit where it turns over under the
chlu.
78
THE SUNDAY CAM..Sunday Call Magazine Section
THERE are some things better
than to be born with a silver spoon
in one's mouth.
One of these is to be born with
a great gift and then, just at the right
moment, to have a fairy-godmother ap
pear.
r In this story Edna Darch of Los An
geles is the good little girl and Calve
—capricious, captivating, quick-pulsed
Calve — is the fairy-godmother, and
Hans Christian Andersen couldn't do
anything better if he tried.
The Darches are poor, but Edna has
a voice, and Mme. Calve has promised
to see that she has a future.
In other words. Calve is to do for
the child what the parents would gladly
do for her if they could — have her voice
trained by the best masters and fit her
for the operatic stage. More than this.
Calve herself will take her*ior a time
under her ov-n tuition.
Did ar.y princess in a fairy-book, or
out of one, ever fare better than this?
• And it has all happened so suddenly
and unexpectedly that Edna Darch feels
as though she were afraid to open her
eyes wide lest she find she has been
asleep and it was only a dream.
She knows how that feels, for she
tried it once — just the night before she
tang for Calve. She had dreamed that
Nordica heard her sing and had taken
her away to Europe and made her a
great artist. Just as she was singing,
■w-ith all the world at her feet, she
woke up.
4 "Do you believe in dreams?" asked
her older sister when Edna told her of
the beautiful dream.
"No. But I wish they came true."
Even then, unknown to the child, a
letter had bem written to Calve asking
her to hear Edna sing.
Not that Edna's teacher hooed for
anything more than a word of praise
that might be used to advertise a bene
fit concert which it was proposed to
give in January to help a little with the
expense of music lessons. The wages
of a clerk in a lumber-yard do not war
rant the training of nightingales.
Calve, seeking rest at Pasadena, had
shut herself away from all visitors.* and
that she should take fitsc to listen to
an aspiring child singer was almost a
vain hope. -But Edna had a teacher who
knew that her pupil was a genius, and
for more than a year her one wish has
been that the child should sing for a
truly great artist.
Something in the letter struck a
chord in Calve' s warm heart. She con
sented, and on the very day of Edna's
dream the vision of the night was part
]y realized.
Edna Darch. in a plain little cotton
frock, with a voice that faltered iust ther
least with excitement, sang for the great
song-geddess. the unrecognized fairy
godmother.
"Beautiful, ravishing, magnificent."
•whispered the artist as the child sang.
It took but one look from the deep,
wonderful eyes of- the diva to tell the
child that all was well, that the soul of
the other understood.
AfteT the ?ong there were more hugs
znA kis*es and more adjectives.
And then all in a moment Calve made
ier plans.
She must take Edm with her. teach
her. have her study and hear other great
artists, and have pretty frocks and furs
— but simple, mind yon. for'da petite.
And then Paris, and then — the world.
No wonder the child blinked hard and
pinched herself to-make sure she was
really awake.
Edna Darch has always loved music,
always lived for it.
When a baby, tied in her little rock
ing chair and left to amuse herself, she
sang and sang, rolling her eves far
back and rocking vigorously to help
make the high notes come.
Her mother had the love of music and
an car for it. without the knowledge of
it. and her father had a voice. Edna's
gift was a natural one. and when she
was old enough both parents meant
that she should have the best help they
could give her.
But the best is not to be had for the
least money, and it was not until a fam
ily friend came to the rescue with an
open purse that Edna could have in
struction worthy of her art.
For a year or two she studied only for
piano, but that other longing would not
cease. Still she must sing, stretching
her voice from its highest to its lowest
pitch.
Then, when she was nearly 12. she be
gan to study voice culture with Miss
Elizabeth Carrick. There were no more
wild, unstudied bursts of sone. She
must sing not higher than D for a
whole year, and not more than an hour
a day in fifteen-minute periods.
When she was just slipping into her
teens there was a short rest, and she
was not allowed to sing a note.
In those days Edna was restless and
unhappy, but she obeyed her teacher.
Yet the music must out. and the child
would shut herself away in a room and
whistle until her overburdened soul
/ouid relief.
\ When she went back to her lessons
Eagaio her tones were rounder, fuller.
more mature. But now she must not gr»
hieher thai E. with an occasional E
with Miss Carrick. by way of a treat.
Not only must Edna thank Miss Car
rick for her first training, but for this
great opportunity that has come to her.
HM the teacher known less of the value
of Edna's voice she might still be work
ing hard to play and sing for a recital
which at most would bring her but $25.
It was really Miss Carrick who discov
ered this embryonic artist. A year asro
she had the child sing for Damrosch.
and the great interpreter of Wazner
prated her. v '*A
"Did he say no more?" asked Calve in
surprise when told that he had heard it.
But she was reminded that a year ago
th* voice was but half of what it is now.
Edna and her mother had their
Thanksgiving dinner with the fairy
godmoth«*r. and it was a dinner that
no"r of the three will ever forget; W
Mrs. Darch was the silent one. for
'fhack of the thankfulness for her child's
fortune was the thought of sep
aration. ■•" -/, -■•" r
"But I shall not steal her awav from
you." said Calve. "She will stUl -be
your daughter. But from to-dav I must
attend to her needs, give her everything
and attend to her education for three
years. Then she will be ready to make
her debut. She shall sing Micaela
when I sing Carmen— or, no, she will
be an ideal Marguerite."
The diva talked on, carried away with
her plan.
"I would take you with me to-day,
but that is too soon. You will wait and
come with your mother and meet me in
New York December 20. We will have
Christmas together; then when the
mother sees that you are happy in your
new home she can come away.
"No, you must not live with me. You
must learn nothing now of the theater,
not yet. You must remain sweet and
good and pure as you are now. You
will live with some friends, and study
German, Italian and French, for the last
year will be spent in Paris. You must
know French, for my sak- -~r so much
is lost when everything must be repeat
ed between us."
To the mother Calve said in parting:
"Je suis devout-mpi. I believe in le
bon Dieu and his wisdom. I shall not
let la petite forget that God is over all.
I shall arrange everything so that if I
die the child shall not suffer. I am now
responsible to you and to God fpr the
little one."
Before leaving for San Francisco
Calve took measures . for the pretty
things she is to buy for her protege,
and these will be sent to her for her
journey to New York.
At the train when she left Los An
geles Calve met Edna's father, and
when he saw the great songstress clasp
his child in her arms and kiss her again
and again he felt that she had found a
place in a warm mother-heart.
And row before leaving the home
where, she has worked so hard for her
art Edna, is busy and happy as a bird.
She spends three or four hours a day
studying French, for she must not sing
again until she is with Calve. Then
there is the dear piano nearly filling the
tiny parlor which she cannot abandon
all at once. And as she sits and dreams
and plays, the faces of Beethoven and
Mozart and Paderewski and the rest
seem to speak to her from out f their
frames, encouraging her to work, work,
work for the great art.
"I feel as if I had been away up in tfco
air and then dropped avpay down and
had just come up to the surface." she
said as she finished a serenade of ; her
own composition. "But I am so happy.
"See, here is a chain Calve gave me."
and she Held out a thin gold strand with
a strange little pendant. '
"That is an ■ Egyptian charm, and
stands for strength, force, perseverance.
"I felt something cool on my throat
and Calve turned me to the mirror. •
"'There,' she said, 'you must wear
that because you were sweet and inno
cent when you came to me and you
must be sweet and innocent always.'
"She had on her neck a wonderful
EMMA CALVE'S
PROTEGE-EDNA
DARCH
rope of pearls, and as I kissed her my
hand passed over them. I could not
help asking if they were real. She took
my face between her hands and said,
'Ma petite, mon enfant. I* would not
wear them if they were not. If you can
not have what is genuine have nothing.
Let nothing about you be sham.'
"Oh, yes, and she gave me a hat that
she had brought from Paris. It is so
pretty and plain, just black straw with
a bit of ribbon and a feather.
" " 'You must wear it when you come
to meet me in New York, and I shall
have one made just like it to wear my
self when I come for you.
" 'You must wear it now.' she added,
and took the rubber from my red hat
and pinned it in and put the hat on my
head.
" 'But you must always keep the little
cotton gown and the jacket and red hat
so we can look at them sometimes and
think of the time we first met.'
"This made me feel very near to her.
and already I love her very much. And
my mother, too; when she first saw her
face she felt drawn to her. and when we
were at the table on Thanksgiving day
mother could scarce eat for watching
Calve's face."
Edna will be 14 in January. She is
the picture of health, with a clear skin.
a winning smile and the verv dearest
bit of dimple just where the smile
stops. In soite of praise and good
looks enough to turn many a head, she
is «ti!l thoroughly unspoiled.
"I have always wanted to be a great
musician, always." she said. "I have
worked hard, and it is hard work to be
come gre?t v/hen one is poor.
"AnH when I am a great artist?
Well. I shnll try to do something for
those who have been so good to me."10
GRAUSTARK THE STORY OF A LOVE BEHIND
THE THRONE
CHAPTER XV— Continued.
THE BETROTHAL.
<5y/OU do wrong hi set-king to deceive
">| m<?." she whispered, as Anguisii
il rrisE*d liirousfc the door ahead of
them. ?] know why you «lo not
ecsne."
"lias phe told you?"
"I have gveR**d. 'Would ihat it could
have been you and not the other."
"One cannot fc« a man and a Prince at
the same time. I fancy." he said, bit
terly.
"Nor can ' o?ie be a princess and a
woman."
Lorry reciUfcd tn<s conversation in the
sick room tv?o weeks before ami smiled
Ironically. The frii-miiy g\r\ 3«ft then, at
the door and they {tasked ov.t of the castle.
"I shall leave Edelweiss to-morrow,"
eaid one. r.-.ore to himself tban to ' ills
companion. &s they crossed the parade.
The other xuve a start and old not look
picased. Then i»« instinctively glanced
toward She caSt'.e.*. . ■:
"The Princess i.s at h*r window." he
cried, clutcbii;? Lorry's arm a;id pointing
back. But the oilier refused to turn,
walking on JjHikJI.v. "You ought not to
have acted like ;hat. Greu." said Anguish
a few momenta laterJ "She saw me call
your attention to her. and she raw yo'.i
refuse to look back. 1 don't think that
you should have hurt her." Lorry did
not res-pond, and there was no word be
tween them until they were outside the
castle gates.
"You may leave to-morrow, Lorry, if
you like, but I'm going to stay a while,"
said Harry, a. mile confusedly..
"Haven't you had enough of the place?"
"I don't care a whoop for the place.
You see. it's this way: I'm jus^. as hard
hit as you, and it is not a Princess that
I have to contend with."
"You mean that you are in love with
the Countess?" c
"Emphatically."
"I'm sorry for you."
"Think she'll turn me dov.n?"
"Unless you buy a title of one of these
miserable counts or dukes."
"Oh, I'm not so sure about that- These
counts and " dukes come over and marry
our American girls. I don't see why I
can't step in and pick out a nice little
Countess if I want to."
"She is not as avaricious as the counts
and dukes, I'll wager. She cares nothing
for your money." /
"Well, she's as poor as a church mouse"
said the other, doggedly. v
"The Countess poor? How do you
know?"
"I asked her one day and she told jue
all about it," said Anguish.
XIV-4THE CLASH AND ITS RESULTS.
"I feel like spending the rest of my days
in that monastery up there," said L'orry,
after dinner - that, evening. They were
strolling about the town. One was deter
mined to leave the city, the other firm in
his resolve to stay. The latter won the
day when lie shrewdly, if explosively, re
minded the former that it was their duty
as men to stay and protect the Princess
from the machinations of Gabriel, that
knave of purgatory. Lorry, at lasC recog
nizing the hopelessness of his suit, was
ready to throw down his arms and aban
don the field to superior odds. His pre
sumption in aspiring for the hand of a
Princess began to touch his sense of hu
mor, and he laughed, not very merrily, it
is true, but long and loudly, at his folly.
At lirst he cursed the world and every one
in it, giving up in despair, but later he
cursed only himself. Yet, as he despaired
and scoffed, he felt within himself an
ever-present, hope that luck might turn
the tide of battle.
This puny ray grew perceptibly when
Anguish brought him to feel that she
needed his protection from the man who
had once sought to despoil and who might
reasonbly be expected to persevere. He
agreed to linger in Edelweiss, knowingt
that each day would add pain to the tor
ture h*e was already suffering, his sole ob
ject being-, he convinced himself, to frus
trate Gabriel's evil plans.
Returning late in the evening from their
stroll, they entered a cafe celebrated in
Edelweiss. In all his life Lorry had never
known the loneliness that makes death
•welcome. To-night he felt that he could
not live, so maddening was the certainty
that he could never regain joy. His heart
bled with the- longing to be near her who
dwelt inside those castle walls. He scoffed
and grieved, but grieved the more.
The cafe was crowded with men and wo
men. In a far corner sat a party of Ax
phain nobles, their Prince, a most demo
cratic fellow, at the head of a long table.
There were songs, jests and boisterous
laughter. The celebration grew wilder,
and Lorry and Anguish crossed the room,
and, taking seats at a table, ordered wine
and cigars, both eager for a closer view
of the Prince. How Lorry loathed him!
Lfcrenz was a good-looking young fel
low, little more than a boy. His smooth
face was flush ?d, and there was about
him an air of dissipation that suggested
depravity in Its advanced stage. The face
that might have been handsome was th«
reflection of a roue, dashing, devilish He
was fair-haired and tall, taller than his
cenrpanions by half a head. With reck
less abandon he drank and sang and Jesr
ed, arrogant in his nighty merriment.
His cohorts were not far behind him in
riotous wit.
At length one of the revelers, speaking
in German, called on Lorenz for a toasf
to the Princess. Yetive, his promised
bride. Without a moment's hesitation
the Prince sprang to his feet, held his
glass aloft, and cried:
"Here's to the fairest of the fair, sweet
ictive, so .».ard to win. too good to l".se
•She loves me. God bless her heart! Ana
I love h*r, God bless my heart, too. For
each kiss from her wondrous lips I shall
credit myself with one thottsand gavvos
That is the price of a k'ss."
"I'll give two thousand!" roared one of
the nobles, and there was a laugh in
wh;ch the Prince joined.
"Nay ! I'll not sell them now. In after
years, when she has grown oid and her
lips are parched and dry from the siy
pings I have had 1'Ji sell them all a\ a
bargain.- Alas, she has rsot yet
kissed me!"
Lorry's heart bounded with joy, though
his hands were clenched in rage.
"She wtJ! kiss me to-morrow. To-mor
row I shall taste what no other man has
touched, what al! men have coveted. And'
I'll be sener.ius, gentlemen. She is bo
lali that your foul mouths would blight
with but one caress upon her tender Up3 '
and yet you shall not be deprived of bliss'
I ahuU kiss her thrice for each of you!
Lc! me count: thrice eleven Is thirtv
th:ee-aye, thirty-three of my kisses
Thirty-three of my kisses Ehall be
wasved for the suko of my friends, lucky
dogs! Drink ton:;/ Princess:"
•'Bravo!" criod the "others, and the
Classes .were raised to lip.
A chair was overturned. The form of a
man landed suddenly at the side of the
Prison cm! a rough hand dashed the glass
{ran ii;s lingers the' contents flyinjT over
his irnjr.K.ulat? Knjrltsh evealns dress.
'Don't you dar? ;t. tlrir.k that toast!"
cried a 'voice- 5ii hi?- asiorifshei! car, a voice
speaking in excited German. He whirled
iin'i taw a scowling face beside his own,
■a pair of rrray eyes that flashed fire.
"What do you mean?" he demanded,
a:iser replacing ii«5aze;ne:it. The other
ir.tnXcn of.hi^iarty stood as if spell
bound. , _
•J Kic&ii that you speak at the Princess
■
of Grav«tark. Do you understand that,
you miserable our?*'
"Oh!" scrcariiert the Prince, convulsed
with rage, starting back and instinctive
ly reaching for the sword he did not. car
ry. "You shall pay for this! I will teach
~you to Interfere — -" v : . , *
"I'll insult you mow decidedly; just to
avoid misapprehension," snaried- Lorry,'
swinging his Wg-fist squarely on the
mouth of the Vrince.-His PLoyal Highness
landed under a table ten feet away.
Instantly the cafe was in an uproar.
The stupefied Axphn'.nlana regained then
senses and a. general. as>sault was mafle
en the hot-liead*:d American. Ha knockeJ
another down. Harry Anguish coming :u
his assistance with several savage blovr..'
after which th« Graustark spectators ".and
the waiters interfered. It .was ai! over ia
an instant,- yet a sensa-tion that would
live in the gossip of.^geserations had been
created. A Prince of tne realm ,had been
brutally assaulted! 'Heading his jaw, Lo
renz picked himself up ircm the floor, sev
eral of ills friends _ running to his aid.
There was biood im-lns lips and chin; it
trickled to. his shirt iicnt. For somVmo
ments he stood panting, giaripg at Lor
ry's mocking face, , ■ ' : '
"I am Lorenz of A::phain, sir," he said
at last, his ,vo:co quivering with sup
pressed anger., . ■ *"
"It ; shall be "a pleasure ti> "kill -you. Lo-.
rens," observed his adversary, displaying
his ignorance of lese-r.i;ijesty. :
Anguish, pale and -'ery much concerned,
drag<jod him away, the Prince leaving the #
cafe ahead cf them, *pll=wed by bin chat
tering, cursing companions. Prince Ga
briel was standing near the door as they
passed cut. He looked" at the. Americans
sharply, and Anguish detected' 1 something
like tr'umphar.t joy -in his eyes." ,r r.
"dood' Lord, "^orry; this means a duel!
Don't you know that?" cii'ed he, as they
started upstairs.
"Of course, I. do. AnJ I'm. going to kill,
that vil!ain, toJ," exclaimed Lorry, loud
enough to.-be heard from one end of the
room to the other.
"This is horrible, horrible! Let me
square it up some way if " began the
alarmed Anguish^ . n
"Square it up! Look here. Harry An-;'
guish, I am the one who will do the squar
ing. If he wants a duel he can have it
at any old time and in any style tie de
sires." . s
"He may kill you!"
"Not while a just God rules over Qiir
destinies. I'll take my' chances with pis
tols, and now let me tell you one thins,
my boy; he'll never live to touch his lips j
to hers, nor will there be a royal wedding.
She cannot marry a dead man." He was
beside himself with excitement and it was
fully half an hour before Anguish could
bring him to a sensible discussion of tlie
affair. Gradually v he became cool, ano,
the fever once gone, he did not lose his
head again.
"Choose pistols at ten paces and at 8 to
morrow," he said, nonchalantly, as a. rap
at the door of their apartment announctd
the arrival of the Prince's friend.
Anguish admitted two well dressed,
black-bearded men, both of whom had
sat at the Prince's table in the cafe. They
introduced themselves as the Duke of Mjz--'
rox and Colonel Attobawn. Their vioit
was brief, formal and conclusive. r .
"We understand that you are persons
of rank in your own America?" said h!s.
Grace of Mizrox, after a. few moments;-..
"We are sons: of business .men,'.' ■ ic;-
sponded~Mr. Anguish. .'.,."*"•"■:■ .'. " >; ' •
"Oh, well, I hardly .know. But his his u
ness is very willing to waive his rank ami
.to grant yotia meeting."; .
"I'm delighted by. his Highness' comJe- '
scension/ which I perfectly understand," _
observed Mr. Angiiish. " • "Now; what have .
we to settle,' gentlemen?" . V -■
"The detail of weapons."
When Anguish announced that his prin
cipal chose pistols a strange gleam crept
into the eyes of the Axphainians, and
they seemed satisfied.. Colonel Attobawn
acted as Interpreter during this .short but
very important interview which; was car
ried on in the Axphain language. Lorry
sat on the window-sill, steadfastly gaz
ing into the night. The visitors departed
soon, and it was understood that' Prince
Lorenz would condescend to meet . Mr.
Lorry at 8 o'clock on the next morning
in the valley beyond the castle, two miles
from town. There Is no law prohibiting
duels in Graustark. .
"Well, you're, in. for It, old man,""said
Anguish, gloomily, his chin in his hands
as he fastened melancholy eyes upon his
friend. - ' .. ' ' ..
"Don't worry about me, Harry. There's
only one -way for this thing to end. His
Royal Highness is doomed." Lorry spoKe
with the earnestness and conviction of
one who is permitted to see into the fu
ture.
Calmly he prepared to write some let
ters, not to say farewell, but to explain
to certain persons the cause* of the duel
and to say that ho gloried In the good
fortune which had presented Itself. One
of- these letters was addressed to his
mother, another to the father of Prince
l^orenz, and the last to the Princess of
Graustark. To the latter he wrote much
that did not appear in. the eplstlfes di
rected to the others."- Anguish had been '
In his room more than an hour, and had;
frequently called to his friend and begged
him to secure what rest' he could in
order that their nerves might be steady
in the morning. But it was not until
after midnight that the duelist sealed
the envelopes, directed them and knocked
at his second's dor.r to say:
"Ij shall entrust these letters to you,
Harry. You must see that they start on
their way to-morrow."
Then he. went to bed and to sleep.
At C his seco'nd, who" had slept but lit -
' tie, called him. They dressed hurriedly
and prepared for the ride to .the valley, j
The!r own new English bulldog revol
vers were to serve as weapons in the
coining combat, and a carriage was to be
in waiting fox" them in a side street at 7
o'clock. J
Before leaving their room they -heard ■
evidences of commotion. In the hotel, and
were . apprehensive lest S the inmates had
learned of the duel and., were making
ready to follow the fighters , to the ap
pointed spot. There was a. confusion of
voices, the sound of rpshing feet,' the
banging of doors; the noise increasing as
the two men stepped Into the opeu hall. .
They were amazed to -see half-dressed
' men and women standing or* running
about the 1 halls/. Intense excitement in
their . faces and in their actions. White
uniformed, policemen' were Hocking" into
the xsorrl'dora; soldiers, coatlcss.and hat
iess. fresh from their beds, came dashing
upon the scene. There were excited cries,
angry shouts and, more mystifying than
all, horrified looks and" whispers.',. 1..
1 i "What ''has happened?" asked Lorryi
stopping I near the door. ; ; ,
'• "lfciui't be a fire. Look! .The door to
that' room ,. down there seems to be the
center of attraction. Hold on!: Don't
go over there, Lorry. There, may be
something to unnerve you, and .that. :
must not happen' now. Let us
go down this stairway— It leads id a side
entrance, I think." They were Jfalf wayj
down the stairs when the thunder of ,
ru.sh'.r.g feet in the hall above. -came to
their ears, causing them to hesitate t be
tween curiosity and good judgment. r
"They are coming this way!"
"Hear them howl! What the devil can
be the cause of all this rumpus?," cried
the other. / '.
.<\t that Instunt a half dozen police
guards appeared at the head of the stairs.
Upon seeing the Americans, they stopped
and turned as- if to oppose a ..foe, ap-
preaching from the opnositei.direction.
Baron Dangloss separated himself from
the white coats above and called to the
men below. In alarm they started for the
street door.. He was with, them. In an in
stant, his usually. red face changing from
white to "purple, hte anxious eyes. darting
first toward group above- and' then
toward the bewildered Americans.
. "AVhafs the matter?" .. demanded Lory.
. "There! Seel" cried _Dang]oss, and even
as l»e «poke a conflict began at the head
of , the stairs, the police, augmented by
a" few soldiers, struggling against a howl
ing.'enraged mass- of' Axphainians. . Dan-
Gloss^ . dragged" 'his reluctant charges
through a , small door, and they -found
themselves in the baggage-room of the
hotel.- Despite their queries, he 'offered. no
explanation but rushed them along, pass
ing- out of the opposite door, down a short
stairway and into a side street. A half
dozen police guards Were awaiting them,
and before .they could catch the faintest/
. idea of what it all meant they were run
ning- with the officers through ■ an alley
as if pursued by. demons. . ' ■'« '■'"■<■
-"Now, what in thunder does this
mean?" panted 'Lorry,' attempting to
slacken the,pace. He and Anguish were
just beginning to regain tti'eir senses. V
"Do not stop! Do' not stop!" wheezed
Dangloss. ."You. must get to a piac'e of
safety. We cannot prevent ., something
dreadful happening if you are caught."
-. "If we aie caught!'.' cried Anguidh.
"Why, -what have we done?"
"Unhand me, Baron Dangloss! This is
an. outrage!" shouted Lorry.
"For God's sake, be calm! We are. be
friending you. When we reach the Tower,
where you will be safe, I shall explain,"
gasped the panting Chief of Police. A
few moments later they, were inside the
prison gates, angry, impatient, fatigued.
"Is this a plan to .prevent" the duel?" de-,
manded Lorry, turning upon the Chief, who
had dropped limply into a chair and was
mopping his brow. When he could find
his breath enough to answer, Dangloss
did so, and he might as well have thrown
A bombshell at their feet.
"There'll be no duel. Prince Lorentz is
dead!" -.■-. .-• ,;
\T>ead!" gasped. the others.
"Pound dead in his bed. stabbed to the
heart!" exclaimed the Chief. "We have
saved you from his friends, gentlemen,
but I rihist say that you afe still in a
tight Dlace." -
He then related to them the whole story.
Just before 6 o'clock Mizrox had gone to
the Prince's room to prepare him for the
,duel. The door was 'closed but unlocked,
aa he found after repeated kuockiiigs.
Lorenz was lying on. the bed. undressed
and covered with blood. The horritled
duke made a liasty examination and found
that .he was dead. 1 A dagger had been
driven to his hearths' he slept. The hotel
was- aroused, the police called, and the
excitement was at its' highest pitch when
the two" friends came from their room a
few minutes after 6.
"But what have we to do with this
dreadful affair? Why are', we rushed off
here like criminals?" asked Lorry, a feel
ing of cruel gladness growing out of the
knowledge that Lorenz was dead and that
the Princess was freed from her compact.
"My friend," said Dangloss, slowly "you
are accused of the murder.
Lorry was too mucn stunned -to be an
gry, • too we^feiio protest. For some mo
ment after.the blow fell he and Anguish
were speechless. Then came the pro'testu
tio lia, *he. rage and the threats, through
all of which Daugloss sat calmly. Finally
he sought to quiet them,' partially suc
ceeding.
.. '.'Mr.- Lorry, the evfdance Is very stror-s
against you. but you shall not be unjust
ly treated. You are not a prisoner as yet
In Graustark a man who is accused of
murder and who was r.ot-seen by any one
to commit the crime cannot be legally ar
rested until an accuser shall go before the
Princess, who is also high priestess, and
swear on his- life that he knows the guilty
man. The man who so accuses agrees to
forfeit his own life n case the other ib
proved innocent, fit you are to be charged
with the murder of t^.o Prince some one
must go before the Pt inress and'take' oath
—his life against yours. "1 am holding you
here, sir, because it la the only place in
which you are safe. Lorenz' s friends would
have torn you to piece-j had we not found
you first. You are net. prisoners, and you
may depart if you think it wise." '
"But, my God, how, can they accuse me?
I knew nothlnq of the murder ■: until ' J
reached this place," crk-d Lorry, stopping
short in his restless walk before the little
Baron. ' ' ".'-..- <■
"So you say, but— — '•
"If you accuse me, -camri you, I'll kill
you!" whispered Lorry holding himself
tense. Anguish caught and held trim..
"Be calm, sir.V cautioned Dangloss: ;< 1
may have my views, bm I am not willing
to take oath before her Uajasty. Listen:
You were heard lo;say you would kill
mm; you began the lipht; you were the
aggressor, arid, there is no one else- on
earth, it is said, who could have wished
to murder him. The man who did' the
stabbing entered the room through tie/
hall door and 'eft by. thesame. There are
"drops of blood In the carpet leading dU
rect to your 'door. Onyour knob are the
iprints' of bloody fingers where you— or
some one else— placed his Siand in open
ing the door., it was this discovery, mad-*
by me and . my men; tj»&t fully convinced
the- enraged friends_ of the dead "Prince
that you were guilty. When we; opened
the door you;wcre gone. Then came the
search, the fight at the head of the stairs
and the race . to the . prison." The reason
I saved you - from , that mob should bo
plain to you. I love my Princess,- and -V
do not forget that you risked your life
each of you— to protect her. . I have done
al! that I can, gentlemen, '.to protect you
in return. It means death to you If you
fall Into the hends of, ius followers Just
now. A few hours 'will cool them off, no
doubt, but now—now it would be madnejs
to fac/e them. : I know" not what they
•have done to my men at the hotel—per
haps butchered them." ■
t There was anxiety in Dangloss' voice
and there was honesty in his keen old
eyes. His charges now saw the' situation
clearly and apologized warmly for the
words they had uttered under the prei
sure of somewhat extenuating - circum
stances.' They expressed a willingness to
remain In the prison until the excitement
abated or until some Xne swore; his life
against the suppose! murderer. They
were virtually prisoners, and they knew,
It well.. Furthermore, they could see that
Baron' Dangloss believed Lorry suilty . of
the murder; protestations' of innocence
had Tjeen politely revived and -politely
disregarded. .•
"Do you expect one of his friends to
take the oath?" asked Lorry. , .
"Yes; it is sure, to ; came." ■ : .
- "But- you wlll.notdo so yourself?" ''' •
."No." -» <-■' V- '.;'■■"'-• '■' >,-■ ■'" ; ' : '•
"I thank: you, 'captain, forl's'ce. that
you. believe me guilty." - - ; ■ /
"I.do not : say you arc guilty, remem
ber, but I- will -say. that if you dld.mur-'
der Prince Lorenz you have made . the
peopl6 of Graustark reioice from" the bo.t
tpm of their hearts, and you will be eulo
gized from one end of the land to; the
other.'", . .- ■;
."Hanged and /eulogized," said' Lorry,
.grimly. . : : V': ; ;,v ' .;' . -• :
XVII— IN THE TOWER.. ' '-;,
The two captives .who were not" prison
ers y/ere so dazed by ' the ■ unexpected
events of the morning that they did. not
realize the vast seriousness of- the situ
ation for hours. Then it dawned upon
them . that . appearances ' *: were really
against them, and that they were, alone
THE SUNDAY CALL;
in a land far beyond the reach of help
from home. One circumstance puzzled
them with its damning mystery— how
came the blood stains upon the ' door
knob? Dangloss courteously discussed
this strange and unfortunate, feature
with them, but /with ill-concealed skep
ticism. It was evident that his? mind was
clear in regard to the wTiole affair. •
Anguish , was of the opinions that the
real murderer had stained the knob; in
tentionally," aiming 1 to cast suspicion on
the man who had', been challenged.
The | assassin had an object - in
leaving: 1 those convicting finger-marks
where they would do the most dain
nge. . He either desired ", the arrest
and a death of the , American or hoped
that;hls : own guilt .might escape atten
tion.- through the misleading evidence.
Lorry: held, from his •deductions, that the
crime had been committed by a fanatic
who ; loved his sovereign 'too devotedly to
see her wedded .to. Lorchz. Then why
should he wantonly cast guilt upon the
man who.had been her protector, object
ed Dansloss. ; ' : . : .-:■•■■
The police guards came in from the
hotel about 10 o'clock, bearing marks of
an ugly conflict with the Axphainians.
They reported that the avengers had been
tiuelled for the time being, but that a
deputation had already started for the
ensile to lay the matter before the Prin
cess. Officers had searched the rooms of
the.Americans for blood stains, but had
found no sign of them.
"Did you find bloody water in .; which
hands had been washed?" asked Anguish.
'-"No," responded one of the guards.
"There was nothing to be found in the
bowls and jars except soapy water. There
is not a blood stain in the room, captain."
"That shakes your theory a little, eh?"
er^d Anguish, triumphantly. "Examire
Mr) Lorry's hands and see if there" is
blood upon them." Lorry's hands were
white and • tmcon tarn mated.' Danglossf
wore' a pucker on his brow.
Shortly^ afterward a' crowd of Axpbain
men came to the prison gates and de
manded the person of Grenf all Lorry, de
parting after an ugly show of rage. Cu
rious / Edelweiss citizens stood afar off,
watching' the walls and windows eagerly.
"This may cost Edelweiss a great deal
of trouble, gentlemen, but there Is more
happiness here this morning than the city
has known in months. Everybody be
lieves, you killed him, Mr. Lorry, but they
a!l love you for the deed," said Dangloss,
returning at noon from a visit to the ho
tel and a ride through the streets, VThe
Prince's friends have been at . the castle;
since 9 o'clock, and I am of the opinion
that they are having a hard time with .the
High Priestess." -- . v v" ;
"God bles3 her!" cried Lorry. > . "
"The town > is crazy with excitement.
Messengers have been sent to old Prince
Bolaroz to inform him of the murder and
to urge him to . hasten hither, where he
may fully «njoy the vengeance that is to
be wreaked upon his son's Blayer. I have
not seen a wilder i time in Edel
weiss since the close of . the siege,
fifteen years ago. By -my soul,
you. are in a bad box, sir. They are lurk
ing in every part of town to kill' you if
you attempt to leave the Tower before
the Princess signs an order to restrain
you legally. Tour life, outside these
walls, would not be worth' a snap of the
fingers." . .
Captain Quinnox- of the Princess' body
guard, accompanied by a half dozen of
his men, rode up to the prison gates
about 2 o'clock and was promptly admit
ted. The young captain was in sore dis
tress.
"The Duke of Mlzrox has sworn that
you are the murderer, Mr. Lorry, and
stakes his life," said he after greetings.
"Her Highness has just place'd In my
hands an order for your arrest as Ithe as
sassin of Prince Lorenz." :
Lorry turned as pale as death. "You—
you don't mean to say that she has signed
a warrant— that she believes me guilty,"
he cried, aghast.
"She has signed the .warrant, but very
much against her inclination. Count
Halfont informed me that she pleaded and'
argued with the 1 Duke for hours, seeking
to avert the act which Is bound to give
pain to all of us. He was obdurate, . and
threatened to carry complaint to Bolaroz,
who would instantly demand satisfaction.
As the Duke is willing to die if you are
proved Innocent there, was no other'course
left^ for her than, to dictate and 'sign this
royal decree. Captain Dangloss,. I anvin
structed to give you these papers. • One
is the warrant fqr Mr. Lorry's arrest, the
other orders you to assume charge of
Jiim and to place him in confinement un
til the day of : trial.'! ' '
While Quinnox was making this state
ment 1 the accused .ftood with bowed head
and throbless heart. He -did hot see the
captain's hand tremble asi he passed the
documents to Dangloss, nor did he, hear
the unhappy sigh that came from the lat
her's lips. Anguish, fiery and Impulsive,
was not to be subdued. ...
"Is there no warrant for my arrest?"
he demanded. ..'
. "There is not. You are at liberty to go,
sir," responded Quinnox.- . -
"I'd like to know why. there isn't. I
am just as guilty as Lorry." . '
"The Duke charges the crime to . but
one of . you. Baron Dangloss.S will yotf
read the. warrant?" . '■ . •
The old Chief read the decree of the
Princess -slowly and Impressively.- It was
as follows: ' /
" Jacot, Duke of Mizrox, before his God
and' on his life swears that • Grenf all
Lprry did foully, .maliciously and 'de
signedly . slay Lorenz, Prince of Ax
phain.^on the. 20th day of October, In the
year of our, Lord, 1P3-, and in the city
of Edelweiss, .Graustark. It is therefore
my decree'ihat Grenfall Lorry be declared
murderer of Lorenz, Prince of. Axphain,
until he be proved Innocent, in whlch^in
stance his accuser, Jacot, Duke of Mlzrox,
shall; forfeit his life, according to .the law
of this land providing penalty for falso
witness, and by which . he himself has
sworn to abide faithfully. '
"Signed: ;.Yetive."
There was silence -for some moments,
broken by , the dreary tones of the ac
cused.
"What chanco have I to prove my-in
nocence?", he. asked, hopelessly.,
"The same opportunity that he has to
prove your guilt. The Duko must, ac
ccfrdiria:. to our law, prove you guilty be
yond; all^doubt," spoke the young cap
;."Whon:'am I to be tried?"
"Here is my order from the Princess,"
said Dengloss, glancing over the other
paper, "It says that I am to confine you
securely and to produce you before the
tribunal on the 26th day of October."
"A : week! '< That is a long tjme," said
Lorry. '"May I have permission, to see
the. signature affixed 'to those papers?"
Dangloss handed them to him. Ho glanced
at i the name he; loved, written by the
hand he had kissed, now signing away his
life; perhaps. A mist came, over his eyes
and a strange Joy filled his soul. The hand
that '-. signed • the name had trembled in
doing so, had . trembled" pitifully. , ; The
hea*-t tiad not guided the fingers. "I am
your prisoner, Captain Dangloss. Do with
me as 'you will," he said, simply.
"I regret, that I am obliged to place
you in a cell, sir, and under guard. Be
lieve'me,' I am sorry this' happened. * \l
am your friend," said the old man, gloom
ily.:. .'■■
"And I," cried Quinnox. ' :■
: "But what is to -become of me?" cried
poor Anguish, half in tears. "I won't
leave' you-, Gren. It's an infernal out
rase!'* : -
"Be cool, Harry, and it will come out
right, "v. He has no proof, you know," said
the- other, wringing his friend's hand.
"But ..I'll', have to stay here, too. . If I
go" outside these walls I'll be- killed like a
dog."- protested Harry.
VYouare: to have a guard' of six men
while you are in Edel^/eiss, Mr. Anguish.
Those are the Instructions of the Princess.
I do not believe, the scoundrels — I 'mean
the' Axphain nobles— will molest you If
you do not cross them. When you are
ready to go to your hotel, I will accom-J
pany you."
■ Half an hour' later Lorry, was in a cell
from which there could be no 'escape,
while Anguish was toward the
hotel, surrounded by Graustark soldiers.
He had sworn to his friend that he would
unearth the murderer if it lay within the
power of man. Captain Dangloss heard
the oath and smiled sadly.
At the castle there was depression and :
relief, grief and joy. The royal family. ;
the nobility, even the servants, soldiers
and attendants, rejoiced in the stroke.
that had saved the Princess from a fate
worse than death. preserver's mis
fortune was ■ deplored deeply
oi sympathy were whispered among them
all, high and low.; The Axphainians were
detested— the Prince most of all — and the
crime had corneas a joy instead of a
shock. There were, of course, seriou3
complications "for the future, ' inrolving
ugly conditions that were bound to force
themselves upon the - land. l * The dead
man's father would demand the life of
his murderer. If not Lorry, who? Grau
stark would certainly be asked to pro
duce the man who killed the heir to the
throne of Axpbain, or to make reparation
—bloody reparation, no doubt. ■
In the privacy of her room, the stricken
Princess collapsed from the effects of the
ordeal. Her poor brain had striven in
vain to invent means by .which she
might save the man she loved. She had
surrendered to the inevitable because
there was justice in the claims of the in
exorable Duke and his vindictive friends.
Against her will she had issued the de
cree, but not, - however, until she had
learned that he was in prison and unable
to fly the country. The hope that delay
might aid him in escaping [ was rudely
crushed when her uncle informed her of
Lorry's whereabouts. She signed the de
cree as if in a dream, a nightmare, with
trembling hand \ and \ broken heart. His
death warrant! And yet like all others
she believed him guilty.. ' Guilty . for her
sake! ; And this' was how she rewarded
him.' v , ; . . : •?,;>
/ Mizrox and his friend3 departed in tri
umph,' revenge written on every face. She
.walked ; blindly," numbly ; to her room, as
sisted by her uncle, the Count. 'Without
observing her aunt or the Countess Dag
mar,' she staggered to the window, and
looked below. The Axphainians were
crossing the parade ground jubilantly.
Then came, the clatter of a horse's hoof
and Captain Quinnox, with the fatal pa
pers in his possession, galloped down the
avenue. She clutched the curtains dis
tractedly, and; ieaning far forward, cried
from the open window: '.
"Qulnnox! ' Qulnnox! I Come, back! I
forbid— I forbid! Destroy those papers I
Qulmiox!"
But Quinnox heard not the pitiful wall.
He; rode on, his dark face stamped with
pity for the man whose arrest he was to
make. Had he heard | that cry ; from '.his
sovereign the papers would. have been in
her destroying grasp with the speed .that
comes only to the winged birds. .Seeing
him disappear down the avenue, she
threw . her hands . to her head and sank
back with a moan, fainting." Count Hal
font caught her in his arms. It was
nightfall before she was fully revived.
The faithful young Countess clung to her
caressingly, lovingly,, uttering words of
consolation until long after the shades of '
night had dropped. They were alone In
the Princess' boudoir, seated together"
upon the divan, the tired head of the' one
resting wearily against the shoulder of
the other. Gentle fingers toyed with the'
tawny tresses, and a soft voice lulled with
its'consollng promises of hope. Wide and
dark and troubled were the eyes, of the
ruler of Graustark.
Ah attendant appeared and announced
the arrival of one of the American gen
tlemen, who insisted on seeing her maj
esty at once. The card' on- the tray bore
the name of Harry Anguish. At once^he
Princess was aflutter with eagerness 'and
excitement. ■
'-. "Anguish! Show him to this room quick
ly! Oh, Dagmar; he brings word from him!
He comes from him! Why is. he so slow!
Ach, I cannot wait!" ,'
Far from being slow, Anguish was ex
ceedingly swift in approaching the room"
to which he feared admittance might be
denied. He strode boldly, .impetuously
into the apartment, -his. feet muddy, his
clothing splashed with. rain, his appear
ance. far from that of a gentleman.
• "Tell me! What Is It?"' she cried, as he
stopped in the center of the room and
glared, at her. . \, ,7.?-,.
"I don't; care whether you like It, and
it-doesn't matter if you are a Princess,"
he exploded, "there are a few things I'm
going to'' say : to you.' First, I want to
.know what kind of a woman you are to
throw Into prison a man like— like.— Oh,
it- drives me crazy, to think of it! I don'.t
care if you are insulted. He's a friend of
mine and he is no more guilty than you
are, and I want to know what you mean
by. ordering his arrest?"
- Her lips parted as if to speak, her face
grew deathly pale, her fingers clutched
the edge of the divan.- She stared at him
plteously, unable to move, )tp speak. Then
the blue eyes filled with tears, a sob came
to her lips and her tortured heart made
a last, brave effort at defense.
■ ' "I— I— Mr. Anguish, you wrong me—I—
I-: — " - ; She 1 tried to whisper through the
closed throat and stiffened lips*. Words
failed her, but she pleaded with those wet,
imploring eyes. His heart melted; his an
ger was swept away in a twinkling. • He
saw that he had wounded her most un
justly.
j . "You brute!" hissed the Countess, with
Hashing, indignant eyes, throwing her
arms about the Princess and drawing her
head to her breast.
: "Forgive me," he cried, sinking to his
knee before the Princess, shame and con
trition in his face. "I have been half mad
this whole day, and I have thought harsh
ly of you. I now see that you are suffer
ing more intensely than" I. I love Lorry,
and that 13 my only excuse. ,He Is being
foully wronged, your Highness, foully
wronged.".
; VI deserve your contempt, after all.
Whether he be guilty or Innocent, -I should
have, refused to sign the decree.. It is too
late nowT I have signed away, something
that ia very dear to me— his life. You are
his friend and mine. Can you tell me what
he thinks of me— what he says— how he
feels?" She asked the triple question
breathlessly.
"He believes you were forced into the
act and said as much to me. As to how
he feels, I can only ask how you would
feel if you were in his place, innocent and
yet almost sure of ■ conviction. • These
friends or Axphain will resort to any sub
terfuge, now that one of their number
has staked his life. Mark my. word, some
one will deliberately, swear that he saw
Grenfall: Lorry strike the blow and that
will be as villainous a lie as riran ever told.
What lam here for, your. Highness, Is to
ask if that decree cannot be withdrawn."
1 "Alas, it cannot! r would gladly order
his release if I /could, : but you can. see
what that would. mean to, us. .- A war, Mr.
Anguish," she sighed miserably.
?"But you will not see ah innocent man
5 condemned?" cried he. again Indignant.
"I have only your statement for that,
sir, if you will pardon me. I hope, from
the bottom of my heart.' that he did not
murder the Prince after b£ing honorably"
challenged!" •• ■ .
"He is no coward!" thundered Anguish,
startling both women with his vehe
mence. "I say he did not kill the Prince,
but I'll stake my, life he would have done
eo had they , met this morning: " There's
no use trying to have the decree rescind
ed, I see, so I'll take my "departure. I
don't blame you, your Highness; it is your
duty, of course. But it's pretty hard on
Lorry, that's allj.'.
"He may be able to clear himself,'' sug
gested the Countess, nervously. .
"And he may not, so there you have it.
What chance have two Americana over
here with everybody against us?" , .
"Stop! You shall not say that! Ho
shall have full justice, at any cost, and
there is - one here ' who is not against.
him," cried the Princess, with flashing
'eyes; " • '-'-' '» ■
"I am : aware that everybody admires
him because he has done Graustark a
service in ridding it of something; obnox
ious—a prospective husband. But' that
does not get- him out of jail." V:
■""You are unkind' again," said the Prin
cess, slowly. . "I chose my husband, and
you assume much when you intimate
that I am glad because he was mur
dered." > ■ ■
"Do not. be angry," cried the Countess,
impatiently. "We all regret what: has
happened, and I for one hope that Mr.
Lorry may escape from the tower and
laugh for'evermore at ,his pursuers.' / If
he could only dig his way out!" " '
The Princess shot a startled look to
ward the speaker" as a . new thought en
tered her wearied brain; a short, involun
tary gasp told that Jt had lodged and
would grow. She laughed at the_ Idea of
an escape from. the tower, but' as she
laughed a tiny spot of red began to
spread upon her cheek, and her eyea
glistened strangely.
Anguish remained with them for half
an hour. When he left the castle it was
with a more hopeful feeling In his breast.
In the Princess* bed-chamber late that
night two girls in loose silken gowns sat
before a low fire and talked of something
that caused the Countess to tremble with
excitement when first her pink-cheeked
- soyerelgn mentioned It in confidence.
XVni-FLIGHT AT MIDNIGHT.
Lorry's cell was as comfortable as a
cell could be made through the efforts
of a ,kindly jailer and a sympathetic
chief of police. It was not located In the
dungeon, but - high ?n the tower, a little
rock-bound room, with a single barred
window far above the floor. There was a
ted of iron upon which had been placed
a clean mattress, end there was a little
chair. The next day after his arrest a
comfortable armchair replaced the latter;
a table, a lamp, some books, flowers, a
bottle of wine and some fruit found their
way to his lonely , apartment— whoever
may have sent them. Harry Anguish was
admitted to the cell "during the afternoon.
He promptly, and truthfully denied all In
terest In the donations, but smiled wisely.
He reported that most of the Axphain
contingent was still in tpwn; a portion
had hurried home, carrying: the news to
tne old Prince, instructed by the aggres
islve Mizrox to fetch him forthwith to
i.EdelweissV Where his august presence
,was necessary before the twenty-sixth.
Those who' remained. In the 'Graustark
.capital were uuiet. but still in a threat
ening mood; The Princess, so Harry in
formed , the prisoner, : sent sincere expres
sions of sympathy, and the hope that all
•would end Veil .with him. Count Hal
font, the Countess, Gaspon and many
other* had asked to be remembered. The
prisoner smiled wearily and promised that
they, should not . be forgotten in a week—
which 'was as far as he expected his
memory .to extend. • .'.
Late in the evening, as he was lying
on his bed, staring at the shadowy ceil
-Ing and puzzling his brain with most op
pressive uncertainties, the rattle of keys
In . the ' lock announced the approach of
visitors. The . door swung open J and
through the grate he" saw Danglosa and
Qulnnox.' The latter wore a long mili
tary rain coat and had just come in from
■ a drenching downpour. Lorry's reverie
had been so deep that he had not heard
the thunder. ' nor 'the howling winds.
Springing to his feet, he advanced quick
ly to the grated door.
"Captain Qulnnox brings a private mes
sage from the Princess," said the chief,
the words scarcely more than whispered.
It was plain that the message was impor
tant and of a .secret nature. Qulnnox
looked up and down the corridor and
stairway before thrusting the tiny note
through the bars. It was grasped eagerly
and .trembling fingers broke the seal.
Bending near the light he read the lines,
his vision blurred, his heart throbbing so
fiercely that the blooa seemed to be
drowning out other sounds for all time to
come. In the dim corridor stood the two
men, watching him with bated breath
and guilty, quaking nerves.
"Oh!" gasped Lorry, kissing the mis
sive insanely as his greedy eyes careened
through the last line. There was no sig
nature, but in every word he saw her
face, felt the touch of her dear hand,
heard her timid heart beating for him—
for him alone. Rapture thrilled him from
head to foot, the delirious rapture of love.
He could not speak, so overpowering was
the Joy,- the surprise, the awakening.
"Obey!" whispered Qulnnox,, his face
aglow with pleasure, his finger quivering
as he pointed cbmmandingly toward the
letter. . . -
"Obey what?" asked Lorry, dully.
_ "The last Hne4"
He hastily reread the last line and then
deliberately held the precious missive
over the lamp until it ignited. He would
have given all he possessed to have pre
served it. But the last line commanded.
"Burn' this at once and in the presence
of the bearer." ..*-*'^
"There!" he said, regretfully, as he
crumpled the charred remnants between
his fingers and turned to the silent
watchers.
. "Her crime goes up in smoke," mut
tered Dangloss, sententiously.
"The Princess commits no crime," re
torted Quinnox, angrily, "when she trusts
four honest men." /
"Where Is she?" whispered the pris
oner, with thrumming ears.
"Where all good women should be at 9
o'clock— In bed," replied Dangloss, short
ly. \ "But will you obey her command?"
"So she commands me to escape!" said
Lorry, smiling. "I dare , not disobey my
sovereign, I suppose."
. "We obey her because we love her"
said the captain. of the guard.
"And for that reason I also obey. B>»t
can this thing be accomplished without
necessitating explanations and possible
complications? I will not obey if it ; s
likely to place her In an embarrassintr
position." • °
She understands perfectly -what she is
.doing, sir. In the first place, she has had
my advice," said Dangloss, the' good old
betrayer of an official trust.
"You advised her to command you to
allow me to escape?"
■ "She commanded first and then I ad
vised her how to command you. Axphain
niay declare war a thousand times over
but you will be safe. That's all we— I
mean, all she wants."'
"But I cannot desert my friend. How
ls he to know where I've gone? Will not
vengeance fall on him instead?"
"He shall know everything when the
proper time comes. And now, will you
' be ready at the hour mentioned?. You have
but to follow the instructions— I should
'say, the commands of the writer."
\ "And belfree! Tell her that I worship
her for this. Tell her that every drop of
blood in" my body belongs to her. She
offers mo freedom, but makes me- her
slave for life. Yes, I shall be ready.
If I do not see you again, good frfends,
remember that I love yo 1 * because you
loveher and because she l'ves you enough
to entrust a most dangerous . secret to
your keeping, the commission of an act
that may mean the downfall of your na
tion.*; He shook hands with them fer
'vently.
"Jt cannot be that. sir. It may cost the
lives of three of her subjects, but no man
save yourself can involve the Princesytjh
the crown. They may kill Qs, but tnv^
- cannot force us to betray her. I trust you
will be as loyal to the good girl who
wears a crown, not upon her heart.'* said
'Danjrloss, earnestly.
' "I have said my .life. is. hers, gentle
men." said Lorry, simply. "God, If I couM
but throw myself at her feet! I must see
her before I go. I will not go without tell
ing: her what Is in my heart!" he added,
passionately.
"You must obey the commands Implicit
ly, on your word of honor, or the trans
action ends now," aald Qulnnox, firmly.
"This escape means, then, that I am
not to see her again." he said, hia voice
chekins with emotion.
"Her instructions are that you are to
go to-night, at once," said Dangloss, and
the black-eyed soldier nodded confirma
tion. V.;..
The prisoner paced the floor of his cell,
his mind a jumble of conflicting' emotions.
His clenched hands, twitching - lips and
half-closed eyea betrayed the battle that
was Inflicting him with Its carnage.' Sud
denly he darted to the door, crying:
"Then I refuse to obey! Tell her that
If she permits me to leave this hoie I
shall be at her feet before another night
has passed. Say to her that I refuse to
go from Graustark until I have seen her
and talked with her. You. Qulnnox, so
to her now and tell her this, and say t^
her also that there is something" she musH
hear from my own lips. Then I will leavo/
Graustark. and not till then, even though
death be the alternative." The two men
stared at him in amazement and con
sternation.
"You will not escape?" gasped Qulnnox.
"I will not be dragged away without
seeing her," he answered resolutely,
throwing himself on the bed.
"Damned young ass!" growled Dan
gloss. The soldier's teeth grated. A mo
ment later the slab door closed softly, a
key rattle, and his visitors were gone
messengers bearing to him the most posi
tive proof of devotion that man could
exact. What had she offered to do for
his sake? She had planned his escape,
had^ sanctioned the commission of an un
paralleled outrage against the laws of
her land— she, of all women, a Princess!
But she also had sought to banish him
from the shrine at ■• which his very soul
worshiped, a fate more cruel and un
endurable than the one she would have
saved him from.
He looked at his hands and saw the
black stain3 from the charred letter, last
evidence of the crime against the stace.
A tender light came, to his eyes, a great
lump struggled to his throat and he
kissed the sooty spots, murmuring: her
name again and again. How Jonely he
was? 'How cold- and Cheerless his casts!
For the first time he began to appreciate
the real seriousness of his position. Uj)
to this time he had regarded It optimis
tically, confident of vindication and
acquittal. His only obiection to imprison
ment grew out of annoyance and the
mere deprivation of liberty. It had not
entered his head that he was actually
facing death at close range. Of course,
it had been plain to him that the charges
were serious, and that he was awkwardly
situated, but the true enormity of his
peril did .not dawn upon him until free
dom was offered in such a remarkable
manner. He grew' cold and shuddered In
stinctively as he realized that his position
was so critical that the Princess had
deemed it necessary to resort to strategic
measures in order to save him from Im
pending doom. Starting to his feet he
paced the floor, nervousness turning to
dread, dread to terror. He pounded on
the door and cried aloud. Oh, if he could
but bring back those kindly messengers!
Exhausted, torn by conflicting emotions,
he at last dropped to the bed and burled
his face in his arms, nearly mad -with, tha
sudden solitude of despair. He recalled
her dear letter— the tender, helping hand
that had been stretched out to lift him
from the depths into which he was sink
ing. She had written. — he could sea the
words plainly — that bis danger -was great;
she could not endure life until she knew.
him to be safely outside the bounds ox
Graustark. His life was dear to her, and
she would preserve It by dishonoring her
trust. Then she had unfolded her j.!an
of escape, dlsjolntedly, guiltily, hopeless
ly. In one place near the end she wrote:
"You have done much more for me than
you know, so I pray that God may be
good enough to let me repay you so far
as it lies within my power to do so." In
another place she said: "You may trust
my accomplices, for they love me, too."
An admission unconsciously made, that
word "too."
But she was offering him freedom only
to send him away without granting one
moment of joy In her presence. After all,
with death staring him In the face, the
practically convicted murderer of a prince,
he knew he could not have gone without
seeing her. He had been ungrateful, per
haps, but the message he had sent to her
was from his heart, and something told
him that it would give her pleasure.
A key turned suddenly in the lock, and
his heart bounded with the hope that It
might be some one with her surrender In
response to hia ultimatum. He sat up
right and rubbed his swollen eyes. The
door swung open, and a tall prison guard
peered in upon him, a sharp-eyed, low
browed fellow in rain coat and helmet
His lantern's single unkind eye was
turned toward the bed.
"What do you want?" demanded tn«y
prisoner, irritably. f
Instead of answering, the guard prcH
ceeded to unlock the second or grated
door, stepping Inside the cell a moment
later. Smothering an exclamation. Lorry
jerked out his watch and then sprang to
his feet, intensely excited. It was just 13
o'clock, and he remembered now that sh<J
had said a guard would come to him at
that hour. Was this the man? Was the
plan to be carried out?
The two men stood staring at each other
for a moment or two, one in the agony of
doubt and suspense, the other quizzically.
A smile flitted over the face of the guard;
he calmly advanced to the table, put
ting • down his lantern. , Then he
drew oft his rain coat and hel-y
met and placed in the other's band af
gray envelope. Lorry reeled and would
have fallen but for the wall against
which he staggered. A note from her
was in his hand. He tore open the en
velope and drew forth the letter. As he
read' he grew strangely calm and con
tented; a blissful repose rushed in to sup
plant the racking unrest of a moment be
fore' tho shadows fled and life's light was
burning brightly ence more. She had
written: , .M
"I entreat you to follow Instructiofip
and go to-night. You say y6u will not
leave Graustark until you have seen me.
next week.)Tliotos by Charles Weidner, S." P.
7h$ QUsTiit
An=* BasUtrFUT
Thst You
yH=y S^n
Else Now Heap
AbsUt Foj*
The Ftps* Trnns
PERHAPS you think you knov»
Golden Gate Park.
You Ur.crv where to find the ani
mals. and you know the way tc
the conservatories and band stand;
you know all the route that is traceable
of a Sunday by its orange poels and us
peanut shells; but did it ever occur to
you that this is only a part of the park,
and a small part at that?
Take a day to pry out *tie unknown
places, to examine the rare plants, an:
besides this take another day to investi
gate the new beauties that are now unde'
xvay. It's ten to one you'll lind twice af
many things as you have. ever dream«jc
were within the park's limits.
Do you know all about Laveaga Dell'
You den't. And yet it is one of the great
est improvements in the park and almo=t
completed now.
Not so very long ago J. de Laveaga left
in his will a fund of several thousand
dollars to be expended as the Park Com
missioners deemed most expedient, and
the result is that a most Interesting anl
beautiful work is now In progress.
What was once the deer park Is being?
transformed Into a fairyland, made beau
tiful by shrubs and plants of many vari
eties, and is to be called "Laveaga Dell."
Nature has done much for this can
yon and the hand of man is busy mak
ing It a still more lovely spot.
Tou have seen in the woods a rivulet
tumbling, running, sighing; on its banks
large bowlders, their harshness hidden
by glistening moss and waving ferns,
and behind them the wild flowers of the
forest and the trees for a background.
ART NOTES AND GOSSIP IN THE LOCAL STUDIO
THE New York critics are saying
many interesting things about trie
Californian artist, Amedee Joullin.
In the Town Topics of Nevember
the critic, Byron P. Stevenson,
says: "Nearly all of Joullins pic
tures shown at the Union League are ex
traordinary. When they are impressions
they do not slur over the tale they are
Intended to tell; when they are more high
ly finished the work does not stultify the
-^iruth. There is great skill shown in the
Yirawing and coloring of his figures, and
the landscapes -are refreshing in their nov
elty.* They are as bracing as the air in
•which they are painted. A glorious sunset
has all the color wealth of a Turner.
These landscapes are the work of a true
artist, a man who loves his work and
does not attempt to foist vagaries on the
public. The art committee of the Union
League are to be congratulated for intro
ducing him in the East, where he will
soon be appreciated at his true value."
That is the kind of thing we like to
bear about our native sons of California.
As a city or country is sometimes judged
by a stranger from the breadth of Its art
ist element. It may be a satisfaction to
the residents of San Francisco to know
that the circle of active professional art
ists here is a trifle over two hundred
strong. Including the stufient body, that
number would be more than doubled. It
is a credit to any place to have a colony
of artists, but when a city of^this size
*4^n beast the number above quoted and
2ffirm that they are all making a living
and some are getting rich, that city
ehould lie thrice happy, for it really
THE ODD AND UNKNOWN
OF
GOLDEN GATE PARK
Sucn Is "Larefega Dell," unfinished at
present, but so far completed that it re
quires little imagination to realize how
natural it is all going to be.
Here are the scrub oaks with the
gnarled trunks and crooked branches, nil
knees and elbows. Here the bowlders.
Presently the ferns and flowers will
spring up and the water gush forth, send
ing a spray as it jumps to the pool bo
low, which is now so nearly ready to re
ceive it.
Imagine the luxury of those shady
paths, the odorous flowers, the sound of
the water, the smell of the woods!
The Japanese tea garden is another spot
that you think you know thoroughly.
Tou understand the system of carrying
means more than one would credit at first
thought.
This is the season of exhibitions. The
last two months especially have been
happy in studio openings, water color and
oil displays. During the last week of No
vember a fashionable crush attended the
annual exhibition and reception given by
L. P. Latlmer and pupils in the Maple
Room of the Palace Hotel. The place was
prettily decorated in a harmony of green
and the walls were well covered with
about two hundred water colors and some
black and whites representing the class
work of the last year.
The Improvement over the work display
ed in 1900 was very noticeable, and both
Mr. Latimer and the students are to be
congratulated for the progress shown.
Very few from the brush of Mr. Latimer
himself were in evidence, but those few
attracted a great deal of attention. One
in particular, a marine, was much ad
mired. During the week a number of
sales were made. A musical programme
was given each evening of the exhibition.
Miss Ethel Wicks will hold an exhibi
tion in the maple room on the 13th and
14th of this month (December.)
An exhibition in the studio of Annie
Frances Briggs, 44 Pine street, the last
three days In November showed some de
lightful studies in water colors.
Miss Briggs had a class In Monterey
the greater part of the year, but still
found time for her own brush to repro
duce many of the most beautiful portions
of the old capital. Among her most re
cent a picture called the "Three Oaks"
was very much admired. A sandy road
winds up the slope and disappears in the
heart of the wood. To the right In the
foreground stand three majestic old oaks,
tb«> roots firmly grasping the bank,
a lunch and getting a cup of tea and the
use of a table for your picnic. But there
are things going on in that same tea
garden that may not have been called to
your attention.
You are used to the quaint houses, the
pools with their goldfish, the picturesque
bridges. You know the stunted ancient
trees, the chrysanthemums and the tea
that the smiling. geisha serves so dain
tily. But have you heard that the road
way between; the garden and the knoll op
posite is going to be filled In and on the
knoll is to be built a Japanese temple and
the whole to be changed to conform with
Japanese Ideas?
This means much more space, more
bridges to cross, more fish to feed and
beautiful In rich green, restful in dignified
simplicity. The composition is out of the
ordinary and the picture full of feeling.
Some fine glimpses of the Alameda
marshes were shown, also several Hol
land scenes, but none attracted more at
tention than the little Montereys, the sand
dunes, the cloudy effects and snatches of
the coast. Miss Briggs has surely helped
to immortalize that picturesque old place.
In the Kennedy and Rabjohn gallery on
Post street there- is an exhibition in water
THE SUNDAY CALL.
more cups of tea to be drunk. •
For another thing we are to have a bit
of real country, the wild flower kind of
country, introduced into our very midst.
California is noted for her wild flow
ers and in no park in the world are these
selfsame flowers so well looked after and
protected as in Golden Ga^e Park.
It 'is good to think that they are as well
cared for and worked on as the rare ex?
otics in the hothouses. Any day now one
may see the men at work, spading and
clearing, among the daisies and forget
me-nots.
Orders are given to increase the number
of wild flowers this year, the yellows and
blues arid reds, so that the banks may
make the road worthy of its name, "The
color from the well-known painter of
flowers, Paul de Longpre. This work is
not only attractive for the graceful/group
ing,' the delicate coloring, but from • a
botanical standpoint the flowers painted
by .'this artlst'are extremely interesting.
Each flower in color, texture and every
minute detail is finished. "■ Each petal is a
study in itself. Among the most admired
is a branch of.the pepper tree, showing
the graceful droopingleaves In their va
ri-colored green, the, red berries mingled
Wildfiower Drive."
By the beach, as you dilve, you will see
how strong and hardy the trees look; yet
for a while it seemed that for once the
strong sea winds were to whistle a vic
tory. .
. Three times attempts were made to set
out young trees and ] each time, before
they could get foothold, they became vic
tims of the elements, j
At last new kinds of trees were tried
and succeeded, but that little piece on the
left hand side was a thorn in the super
intendent's flesh, and a mighty hard bit
to conquer. i.'.^.' ■*"■
It has been suggested and the Idea may
eventually.be carried out that here would
be an ideal spot for a natatorium.
with the, half-turned fruit, an exquisite
subject exquisitely painted. It is an edu
cation in' floral culture to visit the ex
hibition; and 6tudy this work.'. i
;ln the gallery of. William Morris on Sut
ter street are a'nutnber of important can
vases from the 'famous Glasgow school in
Scotland. One from the brush of H. Yar
land represents a foggy day 'in the High
lands. .The mist comes softly sifting down
from a wet sky, the brown rock-iiovered
hills are half hidden by the vapory shroud.
Snch a swimming bath would be unique,
but enormously expensive; still the Park
Commissioners, should they conclude that
such a place would be beneficial to the
people, would seek ways and find means
of carrying out the idea as they have done
so cften before.
Down by the south road there lies a
meadow. Have those who>have pleasure
tripoed out to the park seen it?
If not, go and take a look at the buffalo
meadow. * Take in that long stretch of
smooth land, with Its grass undulations
and majestic trees.
Then go over to the elk meadow, now
in course of completion, and see how. it is
all done.
There you will see the amount of work
and arduous toil necessary to produce all
this richness.
First comes the ground work of manure,
cartload after cartload; then many inches
of loam are spaded over the inclosure;
there is the laying of the pipes for irri
gation, then the sowing of the grass.
Simple enough to tell about, but mean
ing days and days and weeks of constant
hard work and watching.
There are so many rare shrubs in the
park that it is a hard matter to pick
It Is a masterly piece of work full of na
ture's daintiness, yet strong in its execu
tion. In the same gallery the Japanese-,
artist, Fukwa J. Basuke, has some studies
in architecture and landscape that are
well worth seeing.
One cf the best things in any of the lo
cal galleries Is a canvas by 31. Couland
in S. Gump's gallery on Geary street. Only
a flock of sheep slowly coming forward
almost out of the canvas; a cloud of yel
low dust whirls and 'eddies as the dainty
hoofs beat the road. The foreshortening
In this picture is excellent, the composition
well balanced. Both the. subject and its
treatment make one conscious of the
earnestness of the artist, of the simplicity
and the great grandeur of the lesser
things in nature. This work of Couland
will compare favorably with that of many
artists whose works are better known.
-, An artist who has enjoyed the friend
ship, who has walked, talked and painted
with Innes, quotes the painter, who one
day remarked, "I never knew how to man
age things just right until I had this ko
dak. The little Instrument gives such
an immense foreground and throws things
v back so far -that one, can readily see that
the us-ual '.amateur error 'of niggling ami
making diminutive near objects all out of
proportion to those in the middle, distance
is corrected by . its use." Can any one
fancy the great Innes consulting his ko
dak as advi3er and friend? .
Speaking of fake signatures," it is said
that recently the police in Brussels un
earthed a manufactory where spurious
masterpieces of all the foremost modern
artists have. been produced. Several false
Millets were seized. All that were seen
were pronounced to be excellent Imita
tions. Report goes on to say that the
enterprising managers of this manufac
tory amassed over one million francs by
the sale of their forgeries, a majority of
which were shipped to America. A good
dealer these days has to possess, besides
good business Instinct, a certain amount
and choose, but perhaps the stateliest of
them all at the full bloom Is the "Eacal
lonia Monte Vidienses." a white flowering
bnsh from South Amer:c;i.
Thre arc mrny fine sp.cimens of ih»
"Escallonia" laid out in thj park, but ir
is seen at its best at the present time ;-t
Stow Lake.
The "Polygala Dalmalslana" i3 another
of rare beauty. A native of Damascus. It
blooms in the park as though born there.
The flower is of a delicate purple shad©
and can be seen in great profusion along
the main drive wav.
The "Reck Rose" comes from Naples
The flower Is roselike, hence the Ens'ish
name, yet it is not of the rose fami y
even.
Its petals are a delicate white, with lit
tle brown spots or eyes. It reem3 hardy
and at home in the park, though the deli
cacy of the flower is camellia-like in that
to touch it is to spoil it.
Last, but not least, is the "Plmcl'a
Rosea," a product of Australia. It is a
very, sturdy, though small, bush, and tha
.flower shews Itself oJt to great advantage.
These are just a few of the out-of-the
way plants that flourish in San Fran
cisco's great playground. For the rest,
go a-hunting yourself the next fine day.
of occult power to detect these fake sig
natures. /
A number of influential citizens of
Naples have decided to hold an interna
tional art exhibition there during 1502.
Many peculiar phase3 of natur^ are dis
covered with each new day, bat one of
the queerest bits of human existence is a
colorist who is color blind. "To speak of
a color blind artist sounds like joking."
days an oculist, "but strange as it seems
there are several persons so affected who
can nevertheless paint extremely well.
Numbers of colcr. blind people there ara
of course who draw perfectly in pencil.
Ink and crayon, but I myself know a
scene painter attached to a provincial
theater, who, though color blind, paints
all its scenery and has quite a local name,
not only for his interior and oak cham
bers, but even for landscapes. I can tell
you also of two London ladies who con
sulted me for color blindness, yet who
paint real'y beautiful picture3. One is a
daughter of a late famous artist. She i3
quite unable to distinguish red from green,
but her colors are labeled with the names
and she has been taught which to use for
certain effects. The other is a lady artist
of some celebrity, who has for years ex
hibited annually in London. The public
is not aware that she is color blind. She
painted the wedding group for a certain
noble bridegroom a year or two ago and
several portraits of public men. There ia
also a gentleman residing In Kensington
who. having years ago left the navy
through finding his advancement hopeless
ly barred "by his color blindness, is at
present making several hundred a year by
h!s brush as an artist, designing most
artistic and brightly colored picture post
ers for advertisement purposes."
Grace Hudson, who has been for some
time on the islands making a study of
the Hawaiian people, has returned to thi3
country and Is taking a flying trip to Chi
cago and New York.
- HARRIET QUIMBT.
11Ray Stannard Baker, in His New
Book, Writes a Vivid Account
of the German Student Duel
THE extract below is taken from a
chapter. "A Glimpse of German
Student Ute." in Ray Stannard
Bakers book, just published by Me
Clure. Pnillips & Co., New York.
<Price $2.) Mr. Baker's name is so well
known through hip excellent work ap
pearing from time to time in the maga
zines that his book cannot fail to attract
merited attention. . -
The author made a trip, to Germany re
cently, accompanied by George Varian.
the artist. Mr. Varian sketched and
studied while Mr. Baker '.'saw" and wrote.
"£een in Germany." his present book,
is the result. Mr. Baker was provided
■with credentials that permitted him to
eee and hear much that is denied to the
ordinary traveler. A glimpse at. the
chapter headings of his book will give
an idea of its contents. Mr. Baker Is a
rare hand st gathering facts and under
the following headings he has placed
many that would have escaped the ord
inary traveler entirely unless his atten
tion had been especially called to them
by a person of the author's experience:
"Common Things Seen in Germany,"
"The Kaiser," "The German Private Sol
dier," "A View of the German Working
man," "A German Professor/' "A Typi
cal Scientific Institution," "How the
Germans Created a New Industry." "A
German Venture In Practical Philanthro
py," "How the Germans Build Ships,"
"Some New Educational Ideas in Ger
many," "A Glimpse of German Student
Life," "The New Germany."
The following extract describes a corps
duel at Wollnitz. Read it and you will
probably fin.I that you have had a very
mistaken idea concerning these German
student duels:
The dueling hall was a long, low-raf
tered room s^t about with tables and
benches. In the center there was a strip
of black canvas, well sanded, on which
the duelists were to stand. Blood was
ppattered everywhere, on the white
washed ceiling above, on the walls and
rrindows at each side, and there was fresh
evidence of the last duel on the floor. The
spectators formed a ring about a sword's
length from the place where the con
testants were to 6tand, those behind
mounting on the benches and tables, until
the whole room was walled in with hu
man faces, and most of those faces bore
the gashes and scars of just such con
flicts as the one we were now to see. Two
Furjreons came in bringing a bowl of
Mine antiseptic solution, a roll of absorb
ent cotton and a bundle of bandages.
They had added oilcloth aprons to their
«rblte surgeon's blouses. A student in a
purple cap arranged a chair at each end
of the canvas strip, the backs facing:.
And now came the duelists themselves
with their seconds. An American uni
versity crowd would have cheered madly,
each corps for its favorite fighter: but
there was no sign of excitement or en
♦hufiasm here, although every >eye was
f>xe<3 on the combatants. They were -both
powerfully built men. ■ so tall that when
they raised their swords the points bare
ly escaped touching the ceiling. Both
here the scars of past duels, ' and both
had the reputation of being hard fighters.
The s=econd§ and other attendants looked
narrowly to the adjustment of the ar
mor. And such armor as this was. A
knight of the old crusades could hardly
have been more completely protected.
Thick leathern stocks or collars covered
each combatant's throat,- holding his chin
souarely in place and preventing the pos
sible severing of the jugular vein. Thick
ly upholstered pads covered the shoulders.
The front of the body, from just above
the heart downward, was protected by a
shield not unlike that worn by an Ameri
can baseball catcher, only much heavier
and" thicker. The shields worn by both
of these duelists had a peculiar bronzed
appearance, which we took at first glance
to be the natural shade of burnished
leather. On closer examination, however,
we discovered that this color was the re
sult of the blood of many battles— the
same armor doing service in the duels of
an entire corps.
Heavy outjutting spectacles protected
the eyes of the duelists. They were held
in place by stout straps, which, in pass
ing round the head, bound the ears
irmly back. We observed, however, that
parts of the ears protruded above and
below the straps, a fact accounting satis
factorily for the fashion among advanced
German students of wearing their cars
squared either at top or bottom or both.
All the combatants' heads, therefore, ex
cept the eyes and part of the ears, were
entirely unprotected, although, as we
afterward learned, in some duels there
is an agreement to permit the covering
of the nose, some students preferring to
retain their noses intact. It is the sole
purpose of each duelist to cut his oppo
nent somewhere in the face or head, else
the scars will not show and much good
honor will go to waste. This is the chief
purpose of the thorough protection of the
body and the exposure of the face.
We observed that each second gave
Epecial attention to the covering of his
chiefs sword arm, which consisted of a
heavy cloth pad extending from the
shoulder down to the wrist.
The stress of many duels had cut the
outer covering of this portion of each
duelist'F armor into picturesque and
bloody tatters. And now the opponents
■ re faced, looking squarely into each
others eyes, and yet making no sign of
recognition and saying nothing, not even
to their seconds'. It is a point of honor
that there must be no show of emotion.
Each wore the gay cap of his corps,
vizor turned behind. As they raised their
arms each second stepped quickly for
ward aod fitted his chief's gloved hand
into the basket handle of the sword. A
dost disagreeable weapon is this sword.
SoracT.hat shorter than a fencing rapier
and flatter and thinner, square at the
point and as sharp as a razor.
The combatants step deliberately to
ward each other on the black canvas un
til they are exactly a sword's length
apart. One might almost have touched
H Optimistic, Inspiring,
j] HdpTvl •• . •• ••■•"_■
Into the Lighi
By EDWARD ROBESON TAYLOtt.
Brilliant quatrains o!
A exquisite portic bcavty.
An attractive volume
lor the holidays. •• ••
75c
Elder and Shepzird,
. 258 POST STREET.
the other with his hand; they were so
near. Indeed, that we who were uniniti
ated could hardly understand how with
euch swords they could escape cutting
each. other all to pieces. ■ ■• .
Without ceremony the umpire mounted
a bench at one aide with a schoolboy's
elate in h!s hand. The two seconds, both
of whom were armored almost /as effect
ively as their chiefs, especlaily'about the
eyes and shoulder*, lifted their hats and
bowed. The umpire- lifted his hat. The
duelists said nothing at all, but looked
Into each other's eyes. At a. word from
the umpire the seconds removed the corps'
hats from the duelists, so that they stood
bareheaded. This Is the sign that there is
no withdrawal.
The seconds now 6prlng to their places
with feet widespread, each Just at the left
of hie chief. The spectators crowd back a
pace, for sometimes the points ■ of those
■words fly far. Each duelist clenches his
left hand behind him in the lacings of his
armor. Up go the swords with a flash,
the points nearly touching the ceiling.
There Is a moment's pause, distressing
enough to one not inured to duels. Then
one second shouts: "Bind swords."
Instantly each of the seconds rests the
point of his eword behind that of his
chief, so that he may not strike until the
final word is given. "Bound," comes the
reply, followed immediately by the shout
ed word, "Los" Goose). • -.
There wan a downward rush of black
padded arms, a flash of swords, a din of
clashing steel, and then, before the battle
seemed fairly begun, there was a' shouted
"Halt," and the seconds rushed in with
their swords and threw up the blades of
the fighters. So quickly was it-qyer with
that one imagined there must have been
pome mistake, but this was merely the
first round. It had lasted perhaps five sec
onds, and there had not been to exceed
four swift strokes and parries' of each
duelist's sword. The chief surgeons cam*
up and examined the duelist's heads In
the most matter-of-fact and businesslike
manner. There were no wounds. A fel
low-corpsman ' lifted the sword arm of
each fighter, holding it out horizontally,
and another supported each sword. A duel
imposes a hard strain on the fighter's
sword arm, heavily padded as it is. and it
must be thus held up between rounds.
Everything had been done with so much
seriousness and formality, especially the
examination of the surgeons, and -the
round had been so short and so bloodless,
that an outsider could not 'help feeling
that a German student duel had its;irre
sistibly humorous side.
A moment sufficed .for the rest. Again
the swords went up. again the seconds
shouted, and again at the word "Los" the
clashing of swords began, this time more
swiftly and fiercely. Suddenly we saw a
lock of hair shoot from the head of one
of the fighterp. instantly followed by the
shouted '"Halt" of the seconds and the
upward swee? of th«> swords. The hair
bad fallen from the purple — Bavarian; tha
umpire marked down credits for the green
■v— Tyrolean. Again the surgeons ma.de ah
examination. There were no wounds, but
there' needed, no other evidence as- to the
keenness of the, blades than the smooth
ness "and closeness -with which that lock
of hair had been clipped. We could see
the bare place above the Bavarian's . ear
where it had been. The Tyrolean corps
man was slightly taller than his oppo
nent, though not so -powerful of build.'
He wore a heavy black mustache. The
Bavarian had been slightly pale from the
first, but absolutely unwavering.
The third round was already, beginning
with that peculiarly shrill "Los"-" Appar
ently there were only two fierce flashes
of the swords before the shouted "Halt" -,
of the seconds. But, this time the sur
geons hurried forward more eagerly.
Across the Bavarian's cheek, from the
ear nearly to the corner of the mouth,
there was a long, livid line, just* begin
ning to drip. The sword had cut almost
through the cheek. • Both duelists- step
ped back, and the chairs were advanced
so that they could lean against the backs:
a duelist's armor Is too stiff for him to
sit down comfortably. We saw now
where all the blood came from. The doc
tors were busy with cotton, but they did
not attempt to put on bandages. We
were just beginning to feel relieved that
blood had at last been shed and that the
duel was well over with, when the com
batants again advanced, measuring a
sword's distance between them and lift
ing their blades. Again there were the
shouted signals, and the fourth round be
gan with the din of parried blows. We
had quite mistaken the nature of a Ger
man student duel In thinking that first
blood counted in any way except on the
umpire's slate.
In the fifth round the Bavarian returned
the cut, slashing the Tyrolean across the
scelp, so deeply that the blood instantly
gushed down over his forehead and from
his spectacles to the floor. Again there
was a rest on the chairs. This wound
was so deep that not only was cotton ap
plied. b'.:t a 'narrow leather " disk was
passed across it and fastened down to
the ear straps on each side. This did not
seem, however, to stop the flow of blood.
Indeed, the surgeons In these duels never
attempt to quench the wounds, for the
excellence of the performance depends on
a liberal flow of blood.
After each wound the swords were
wiped with cotton dipped in the antiseptic
solution, for the German duelist is noth
ing if he is not scientific. As the rounds
progressed we saw more clearly how the
fighting was done. There was none of the
movement and activity of the ordinary
swordsman's conflict, none of the splen
did clash and parry, or advance and re
treat. The duelists stood stock still; it
was dishonor to give way by an inch: it
was dishonor to move the head in the
least or to dodge a blow/'no matter how
severe the wound. The entire contest
consisted in holding up the sword arm,
and In so using the hand and "wrist 1 that
the point of the sword would slash the
opponent's head. Much' depends on the
strength and endurance of the right fore
arm, for upon it fall most of the blows,
and If it gives, way a "wound almost cer
tainly follows/ An' old fighter ' becomes
exceedingly strong and dextrous with
both wrist and forearm; and yet one can
not but reflect that all this training
would go for nothing if one of these duel
ists were called upon to defend himself
from an ordinary sword attack' such as
a soldier might have to meet. The whole
training is special, an outgrowth of the
student duel.
It was plain that the Tyrolean was the
better fighter of the two. The longer; the
duel progressed the fiercer became his on
slaughts, and in nearly every round he
struck the Bavarian somewhere on the
head or face. Blood was spattered
everywhere; on the floor." on the clothing
of the seconds, and on the surgeons.' As
fcr the duelists themselves, they were
literally bathed in it; it even ran down
their bare backs ui:der their armor lac
ings. Once the Bavarian- removed a bit
of tooth which had been broken off as
the Tyrolean's sword ripped through his
cheek. These things are not pleasant to
relate, nor pleasant to see, but without
them one cannot arrive at an understand
ing of what a. student duel really is. ■
Nor were the wound3 a«d the blood the
least distressing features of the fight. It
was a warm morning. The room was
packed to suffocation with students, ana,
astonishing as it may seem, not one of
the windows was open, and the single
small door was blocked with spectators.
Add to the stifling atmosphere much to
bacco smoke and the rank smell of beer
and blood, and a faint conception 'of the
condition of the room may be formed.
The spectators suffered enough from t*he
heat and bad air, but it must have been
nothing as compared with the torture of
BOOK OF VERSE BY A YOUNG CALIFORNIAN.
/■vOME time ago Lionel Josephare. a
\j-i_' young San Franciscan, made his
y]fl appearance in the literary world *is
L^/ the author of a poem, "The Lion
\, .-. et the Well." His verses were
daring, original and bizarre. They gave
promise of something much better, for,
in the fantastic at least, they showed that
this ft-oung man could write with the
touch of genius and not with the labored
strain of studied- effort. . •
"With the holidays comes frotn the pen
of Mr. Josephare a volume of twenty
four poems under the title of "Turqujise
and Iron." In this book there is the
same promise of better things— but then
the reputation of a poet cannot thrive on
promises alone. It is to be regretted
that in the case of* Mr. Josephare he does i
not cultivate a little more of the "labored 1
strain" in his work. He writes with a
youthful enthusiasm that is charming at
times, but in the undertaking of *> serious
things proves disastrous. *
He has enough disregard for conven
tionality and enough good ideas to be
benefited by. a thorough course In loglci
mathematics and English. It might be
said by the unthinking tnat work of such
prosaic character would kill the divine
genius of poesy. Michel Angelo was -the
most expert stonecutter of his day, yet
it did not kill his genius. • You cannot do
good work,_wnether. you are a brick
layer, a sculptor, a painter or a poet—
from the lowest to the highest— unless
you understand the perfect use of the
tools that go to make your craft or pro
fession. '; -.:
True, a poet must be. born, not made.
So is the eagle born an eagle and not a
clumsy pigeon; but he must learn to fly
for all that before he attempts to soar
to empyrean heights. Mr. Josephare. has
tried to soar too young. He has all the
temperament of the poet. His form is
good, and, best of all, he has that ear
for music that gives to, his lines a
euphony, of sound so delightful , to the
reader— that faculty so highly cultivated
by the, old Greeks, who selected and
placed their words • to the best possible
advantage to impress the musical ear.
All of this can never be taken away from
him, for it is inbprn. ., -
But more Is required :of the . poet than
the niefe musical arrangement- of words.
Such, writing might please the ear
: ■•■'• ' •' / :
Impressions I
Calendar ■ |
Bcautiiyl, Practical, I
Original. ........ i
■ "■■•. . - : ■-''■' a
.... Gtod Whsn (ht Year Is Don* |
r<xtptid Anywher* ■ : ., Q
Elder and Shepard, B
23S POST STREET. 3
L'fTmJH ll '""h-" t "' 1 "T " r --—**CB. A
THE SUNDAY CALL.
the duelists. For both of them were,
muffled in thick padded armor, especially
at the throat, where its effect would be
most painful, and at the same time, they
v.ere exercising violently under Intense
excitement.
Both dripped with perspiration and
there were frequent calls for water. The
Bavarian was ashy pale where the blood
had not blurred out all view of his face,
and it seemed at the close of every round
that he must certainly drop, but he came
up cheerfully at each cry of "Los!" and
went at the Tyrolean with vigor and
sometimes with effect. The swords flew
with incredible swiftness, and" the range
of the duelists was, by no means confined
to each other. After one of the rounds we
saw the Bavarian's second clap his hand
to the back of his head, and when he took
it away again out came the blood. It.
sometimes happens that the seconds are
as -seriously, wounded, as -the duelists
themselves. Indeed, a student, may thus
IL-fi \JAA Vil aji UtD** \YJ 1 !1 Gill Vs
of a foreigner who understands, not
one word of the language, but wishes it
read to him for its melodious sound; but
to those who seek their pleasure in the
metrical expression of beautiful thought,
the thought must be there and it must be
evident and clear to the reader.
In his simpler verses Mr. Josephare is
of ttimes peculiarly happy in his writing,
but in lofty flights his ideas seem so
hazy that the reader is given to grave
suspicions that the-, young man has lost
all thread of reason and is. attempting
to :; make up with mere words and
rhythm' what is lacking In meaning.
At times his 'case reminds one
very much of ' the old" lady who de
cided to read the dictionary from cover to
cover, but finally gave it up, with the re
mark that the language was very, finer,
but the plot was most confusing. !
. Mr. Josephare's work is uneven. Take,
for example, his. poem "The Statue." In
that you . find some . of his best efforts
ruined by the outrageous^ abuse of words
and figures of speech that are worse than
mixed.- -Follow closely the picture that
the following lines bring to your mental
viEion: . , ..'-.'■'■
The room and I, with her own voice propelled,
Through earth and air extended: -
And like a boat, with onward prow unquelled
Glided when she had ended. < •
In the first line the word ,propel gives
the idea, of motion and you expect both
the room and the man to move at any
moment, but you 'are not prepared for
the most remarkable phenomenon indi
cated in the second line. You can.hardly
believe, that even the brain of^a maglc
wprklng poet can accomplish the feat of
"extending" the room and the man
through both earth and fair. Think of the
stretching involved in continuing the
length of that man and -his '■ room through
the earth,' to say. nothing of continuing
the elastic figure of, speech t6 take in an
infinity of miles of air. ' " • ; ■--■ -
The third line brings them back with
a 'snap and starts them out "like a boat
with . onward 'prow unquelled." "-Boat"
goes very well with the "propel" of the
first line, ' and it is not beyond • compre
hension, forgetting the "extended," to
imagine the man and his room sailing
away; but there again we have the "prow
unquelled." You can quell an insurrec
tion, or. a tumult \of your soul, or a fire;
but "quelling" the prow of a boat is a
new one In the generally accepted sense
of the word. It rhymes beautifully with
propelled and is fine reading, but "the
plot is most confusing."
The last line changes the figure in the
twinkling of an eye and tells us that after
all possibly the man and his room were
not "extended," and the prow of , the boat
did not even need to be : Vunquelled," but
merely "glided? safely into port.
I It is hardly fair in this review of Mr.
Josephare's book to bring in a verse from
the master pen of Shelley, but some lines
.occur to me from. "Prometheus Unbound"
that are quite apropos — lines that express
beautifully that thought ..which 'Mr. Jos
cphare'mangles: u -
My soul is an enchanted boat, I , •
■ ■■-•■ Which like a sleeping swan doth float
Upon the sliver waver of thy sweet singing;
. And" thine doth like an angel sit
'Beside the helm conducting it, .
Whilst all the winds with melody are ringing,-
It .'seems to float ever, for ever, ' . ' ". /
. Upon that many winding river, _ ' '/.'■
Between mountains, woods, abysses, '
A .paradise of wildernesses!
Till, like one in Elumber. bound, < -}■
Borne to the ocean; I float down, ' around.
Into a eea profound ! of ever-spreading sound.
Here is another, bit from the same poem
C;\ no— she said, she who had lately, suns—
obtain a very conspicuous and honorable
scar without having to go to the trouble
and pain of a regular duel.
At last," at the end of fifteen rounds, tho
duelists were led back and their armor
•was loosened so that they. could sit down.
We were just congratulating: ourselves
that it .was well over with, when we were
informed that this was only the first half.
There were fifteen rounds more to fight.
The surgeons were very busy now for a
time, and the fellow corpsmen of . each
duelist crowded up to give him advice as
to how he could best defend himself or
overreach his opponent. The Intermission
lasted only'a.'few minutes, and then, at
the cry of the umpire, the men came back
to their," posts. .Both walked steadily; it is'
a dishonor to 'waver or flinch. And then
the hacking began again. '
One of the oddest phases of the duel wa3
the- nonchalant attitude of the students
who came as spectators. At no time -was
there a cheer, or protest, or .any other
With fertilizing grief thou art combined.
And thence thy vision sprung.
With too much world our faces are unkind;
Art Is the countenance of a lovely mind.
And thy courageous mind hath wildly hung
To heaven's ever-swinging chandelier.
But now from it are thy poor fingers wrung.
And thou art here. '
Read it and see If- you can get any
sense out of it. The figure of the mind
personified and hanging to a chandelier is
so absolutely silly and in such bad taste
in a poem of serious character that one
wonders how. on the same'page and from
the same hand we can | find verses as
pleasing as the ones immediately preced
ing thia poetical daub. 'Here are the lines
referred to:
Once mOre away! -
No more, with gaudy sound, my soul betray;
No sound shall kiss or kill my sin to-day.
. My obstinate regret
Still does desire to fret.
Music with it provokes a gentle fray
That makes th_e soul forget.
It tells the soul that sorrow Is' no debt;
With sound for prayer, the soul forgets to pray.
Thereat, again I found myself at home;
The singer sang no more.
But told me not to let my fancy roam
Beyond the human door.
She told me heaven had no bluer skies,
- No gladder golden floor, ..
Than I may see with still my earthly eyes,
.'/.•And might have seen before.
But" oh. while we are learning
The meaning of our yearning.
Who has not wept while heaven did refute
His statue's claW -to godly attribute?
Since no't with" entire godliness,
Did God the human visajfe knock.
Can human hammers, thinking to excess.
Inscribe upon' a; rock
Divinity which they do not possess
Within their own diviner God-made stock? '
That line.- "With sound for prayer, the
soul forgets to pray," Is", good. The
thought , is well expressed, and in tho
thought Itself there is meat for consid
eration. The idea is not a new one. for
we find in "Hamlet" the prayer of the
King and his closing words:
My words fly up, my thoughts remain below;
Words without thoughts never to heaven go.
I . am not accusing Mr. Josephare of
plagiarism. It would be difficult to find
any thought that had not been "brought
out in some way in the great works of
f "*!
| ioi |
SandwicheS
f : 101 Epicurean Thrills, 101 / \
I 1 excited anticipations ol I
; a well tickled palate. > > fl
. A recipe booK invalu- y
able !or Original Teas, X |
- Luncheons end Picnics. I
. / -.. «•«•!• ■" C-'.'_ • ■ ft
Elder and Shcpard, J
„ 238 POST^ STREET. J
manifestation of enthusiasm or excite
ment, although once there was general
laughter over the retort of one of the sec
onds as to a charge of foul. Many of the
students had brought their wooden beer
mugs Into the dueling Inn with them. anJ
they could be seen drinking from tl^ie tc*
time, and even proposing in a loud voice
the health of some one across the room.
A barmaid was continually pushing her
way 'In and out among the crowd, some
times at the very elbows- of the seconds.
and once we saw her coming into the
room with a plate of sausage, cabbage
and rye bread. Some one had actually
ordered lunch in- this room of blood. — ; *«
The closing fifteen rounds dragged
themselves slowly along'. They, were even
more bloody than the first. It was diffi
cult to understand how the Bavarian
stood It to the end, for nearly every round
brought him a new wound or laid open
an old one. Toward the end he began to
pant with heat and exhaustion, and one
of the surgeons examined hte heart with
tome care; and evidently feeling that
there was danger from this source he wet.
a towel in cold water and placed it over
the heart and just under the edge of. the
armor, and then the fighting went for
ward again with its usual vigor.
At the close of the duel, astonishing as
it may seem, both contestants- were able
to walk upstairs to the dressing-room, al
though the Bavarian looked every mo
ment as if he would go down. His appear
ance Is not to be described in this place.
An hour later we saw the Tyrolean walk
ing about, unconcernedly smoking a cigar
ette, his colored cap perched oii top of his
bandages. He had not been seriously
wounded except for the single cut' on 'top
of his head. The Bavarian did not ap
pear.
' The duel had lasted in all about forty
minutes. - . ... -•'
Bachelor Bigotries.
Any one caring to enjoy a little laughter
con indulge himself by reading a small
volume called "Bachelor Bigotries," by
some authoress l/i this Instance unknown
to fame. It is a compilation from differ
ent writers, arranged to form a calendar
of the year. The selections are short,
varying from a sentence in length to a
short paragraph. The subject of most of
the selections is either woman, love pr
marriage. Particular stress is laid upon
the disadvantages of a personal experi
ence of any of the three. Still the satire
Is in humorous vein and some amiable re
flections are mixed with it. The following
selections will give an idea of the char
acter of the book:
March 19—- •.
Who collars alljny scanty pay
And. with my. little plans makes hay?
"Who say 3 mamma has come to stay?
Who takes away my easy chair
Because. "It has no- business there."
And only says she doesn't care?
Who says she hasn't any sown
And wants to put the horses down
And thinks -.we'd better live in townT
Who commandeers my only hack.
Returns him with a bad, sore back.
And sayn the little beast is slack?
Who thinks that I must ride a bike.
And makes we do what I don't like.
And tells we if I don't she'll strike?
And when I'm feeiine sad and low
Who syniDathizcs with my woe * .
And softly breathes, "I told you so?"
no one:
—London Punch.
April 23— A second marriaee is the triumph
of hope over experience— Dr. Johnson.
June 19—
Drink to fair woman, who, I think.
Is most entitled to it:
For if anything drives men to drink
She certainly can do it.
(rublished by the Commercial Publish
ing Company, San Francisco. Price 50
ccnls.)
The Golden Chimney.
An interesting tale for the young has
been written by Elizabeth Gerberding and
called "The Golden Chimney." It re
counts the adventures of a young boy,
Ben Ralston, in his, struggle to lay the
foundation of his fortune. Ralston has
been left an orphan with only a few hun
dred dollars with which to support and
educate himself. One day while he and
a young cousin, Beth, are wandering near
the ruins of an old smelting works the
latter suggests to him the Idea of mining
the works for the gold which may be left
among the soot and rubbish. Ben acts
upon Beth's suggestion and invests all of
his money In preparations for seeking the
treasure. Ben's venture leads him into
difficulties which at first promise to de
stroy air of his hopes of success, but he
surmounts them all and the end of tho
story leaves him the possessor of a cap
ital sufficiently large to enable him to
obtain the college education which ho
covets.
The book is illustrated by several fine
photographs by Dr. Arnold Genthe. (Pub
lished by A. M. Robertson, San Fran
cisco. Price $1.}
Literary Notes.
Book News for December reflects the
Christmas spirit as Well as the literary
spirit of the time. There are jnore pTc
tures than usual; 1 a page is filled wUh
Christmas poetry, and there is an Unus
ually full list of the best books of the
day, which will be helpful to those in
quest of gifts in the book line. Robert
W. Chambers is the subject of the month-
Shakespeare. In this connection It might
be mentioned that Mr. Josephare's work
shows rather an inattention to the writ
ings of great poets. It is well to be orig
inal, but experience in what has been done
before you. can do no man harm.
Some of his best work in the present
volume is found in the more unpreten
tious of his sonnets, take for example
this one:
TO MY INKWELL.
Thou blotty bottle, bottle stained and Brim,
Thou imp, thou gnome, a moody friend art
thovj.
And yet thyself I would not trade, I vow.
For golden Ink-decanter with a rim
Of pearls and decorations wreathed and slim.
Now tell me, ugly boy with Inky brow.
Of some unwritten thoughts, which you
allow *
To dream awhile within your tranquil brim. ■
How many black . imaginings are there
Waiting to crawl out for my livelihood?
Phantasmas. whims, a poefs morbid ware.
Capricious thoughts, perhaps misunderstood?
All liquid yet and blended In their well;
Some will be born: how many, who can tell?
When Mr. Josephare comes down ■ to
earth he shows signs of most promise.
And he ruins what he intends to be in
spiring. Eagles do not crawl. The things
that do crawl are generally more repul
sive than impressive.
As can be seen from his picture, Mr.
Josephare is still a very young man and
therefore the good work that he has done
is all the more remarkable. It is also an
indication of what we may hope for from
him in the future. . At present he is try
ing to do too much without the proper
groundwork and experience. He" should
confine himself to verses like the follow
ing until his wings have . grown - enough
that he may fly without bumping hi3 head
on the ground: -
MADELINE. \.
.■ Madeline, -maiden, of • dreams, •■ ■ '; .
Pale Is the face of the ; moon.
What dost thou think of its "beams?
What is that message that seems
Music of mystical tune?
Phantoms and pearls from its.grteama
Over the garden are strewn—. .
Pearls in thy moonlight of June.
.. : Madeline.
f Maiden— with many weird themes-
Moonlight in 'summer night teems. ■■ .,
Out of this moonlight are hewn.
; Bodies of Intricate schemes, -•'
-Dreams that thou dreamest too soon, -
Madeline.
("Turquoise and Iron" is published by
A. M. Robertson, San Francisco. Price
,$120.) S. G. LATHROP.
\ Ths Life WoriUT \l
8 WILLIAM. McKINLEY.
» The aim has been to make thia j
[J work reliable and nutheniic. an
pj honor to our beloved President and »
ti worthy of a place In every library. ■
II Special feature* Invaluable for hls-
13 ' torical reference. , Superbly Illus-
'#§ : tr»ted: tastily bound: large. clca>-
13 type; superfine paper. Over 3".T> .
H pages. Agents wanted, everywhere ;
{§ .Special library edition..;.... Jfi— .» .
K Cloth, inlaid cover panel... "Tgr
» : World's B«t Prc verbs >.
£3 pnd Short Quotation?. Vyt Oeo. H.
B Opdykc, M. A. Amm^ed $aIph«t!'M-
E lcally by subjects. Library edition. '
n Full leather, full itllt, u: | ff f|
B 8 eneravlnjcs OI»OU
R| Cloth edition. Hlu>tratec! fl.OO
p Dilzac's Comple'e Drama ic
tj Works. '
6' Five deliKhtfu! dramas and come-
B ('icy. teem'nc with Intense human
5 Interest. Written at the height of , '
Jt Balzac'* brilliant career. Most ex- ;
« qulaite examples ut his . Inimitable
JB character creations. '
m Now ready. Two i:W vola., lllus- ;
raj trated. HngHuh cloth, deckle ertffC*. !
B gold tops, in a box CIO '
f^Ffolics oil thT^BC if
- f| The moat delightful and instructive 9
P| . children'* book published. Teaches H
M ■ the alphabet unconsciously and tj
M tj'easinjjly. The quaint antics or tha R5
H 'Metterjir'rKes" are "clever, original jj
\ H and amusir.jr. * Just the book for lit- |l
I m Ue tots. Printed In ten col- TtZf m
!■ ors. Boards, cloth back.... C 9C j J
H Bab" Go set His Adventures. h\
< If By Fannie' E. Ostrander, lllus- * ■ H
j trated by Hirchert. ' Fairly bubbling Ml
M fiver with clean, wholesome fun for Hm
' IJ the children. Every page superbly Of
B Illustrated. B'jok and cover printM fa
H In 12 colors. Bound in art QC a
■. 'boards, fancy wrapper. O »«^«O H
K| The Heart «f a Foy. t"|
•B' ' Holiday Edition* de Luxe. From B
|f the 224th edition >- of Edmondo de H
f I Amicis. 33 full -page half-tones and If
,B 28 text etchings. Printed on fine B
1 1 half-tone paper. 8vo., f?| CiCZ a
fl silk cloth. Bilt top.... tDI»-^«J [I
fl Cloth edition, illustrated 75c |l
f J Firesidt I Miilts. , 1 1
fa By • Annie G. Brown. A story for 'B
IJ girls. Tells the brave, cheery way i]
B to face hard problems. Illustrated if
1 1 by J. C Leyendecker. Holiday Kdi- H
I tion de Luxe. * 8to., C| OS ti
ti cloth. Ulumtd. cover.. <I> »•-*■«*. >{
R Cloth edition, illustrated ....75c M
jj For sale everywhere, or supplied by. > * K
fa 'LAIRD 6 LE£. PobHsliers, Cfeici<» ; H
— - ')
ly portrait and biography; there are short
sketches of Reginald Wright Kauffman
and Herman K. Viele; a page of wise
and witty sayings from the newest
books; reviews of the latest publications,
together with all the customary depart
ments.
December's contributions to The Cen
tury's leading feature, the "Year of
American Humor," are "Blackgum Ag'in
Thunder," by Frank R. Stockton; "The
Testimonial," by Gelett Burgess, with
pictures by Florence Scovel Shinn; "The
Deception of Martha Tucker," an auto
mobile extravaganza, by Charles Battell
Loomis. with pictures by Miss Cory: more
of "Policeman Flynn's Adventures." by
Elliott Flower, with pictures by F. L>.
Steele: "Officer Brady (the Modern Re
cruit)." a humorous poem, by Robert W.
Chambers, author of "The Recruit," and
"Lighter Vein" contributions from Ruth
McEnery Stuart, E. L. Sabin, Beatrice
Hanscom. Oliver Herford, Carolyn Wells
and others.
No one who cares for art. and whi
chances to read in the December Mc-
Clure's Mr. La Farge's first article on the
old masters wiU fall to Tead the rest as
they appear in McClure's Magazine dur
ing the coming year. The author la both
a great artist and a profound student of
art. and the series is therefore bound to
constitute the most Important contribu
tion to art criticism for some time to come.
For the importance of such, work is meas
ured by the breadth of its appeal. Other
great artists and critics have written on
the subject, and what they have said is
forgotten, because It was addressed to a
limited audience of those who have made
a life-long study of the subject. Mr. La
Farge knows better than that. No one
can fall to understand every word of these
essays, but there is no shallowness in
their simplicity.
The form of the essays is the very best
as it is also the most difficult; that, name
ly, of the critical short life. Mr. La
Farge knows how to steer successfully
between the Scylla of barren encyclopedi
cal facts and the Charybdis of critical
formulae, detached in their application
from biography and history. The person
ality of the artist is~ projected on the
background of his times, and the influ
ence of each on the other 13 carefully
traced in every one of his great paintings
and sculptures. Of the tint Illustrations
which accompany the text It is only nec
essary to say that they are fully worthy
of it.
Boohs Received.
S63 BREAKFAST DISHES— Published by
George A. Jacobs & Co.. Philadelphia. 40c.
THAT GIRL MONTANA— By Marah Ellis
Ryan. Band, McNally & Co., New York.
THE PRINCESS CYNTHIA— By Marguerite
Bryant. Funk & .Warnalls Company. New
York. *1 20. - - •
rTJSSY MEOW— B» S. Louise Patteson.
George W. Jacobs & Co., Philadelphia. 60c.
JUNK— By Leon Lemoert Jr. C. M. Clark.
OUR FIRST SCHOOL BOOK— By Carrie Si»
yer Ferris. Silver, Burdett & Co.. New York.
30c.
MARS DISARMED— A play by ,R. Cunning
hurst. The WhlUker & Ray Company. Saa
Francisco.
THE REAL LATIN QUARTER— By F.
Eerkeley Smith. Funk & Wagnalla Company.
New York. *1 20.
BALLADS OF BROTHERHOOD-By Al
phonso Alva Hopkins. The Abbey Press, Ne^r
York. 50c.
WHITE'S ART OF TEACHING— By Emer
son E. White. American Book Company, New
York. Jt. • .
FOLLY IN FAIRYLAND— By Carolyn Wells.
Henry Altemus Company. Philadelphia. SI
AMERICAN BOYS' LIFE OF WILLIAM
McKINLEY— By Edward Stratemeyer. Lee &
Shepard, Boston. $1 23.
WILLIAM McKINLEY— By E. T. Roe. Laird
& Lee, Chicago. « 25.
THE PRIDE OF RACE— By B. L. Farjeon.
George W. Jacobs & Co., Philadelphia. $1.
THE FORTUNE OF CHRISTINA M'NAB—
By S. Macnaughtan. D. Applaton & Co., New
York. 11- \
THE MARCH OF THE WHITE GUARD-/
By Gilbert Parker. R. F. Fe^ino & Co., New*
York. 50c. . . *
THE WASHINGTONIAXS — By Paulins
Bradford Mackle. L. C. Page & Co., Boston.
»1 50.
MARK EVERARD— By Knox Masee. R. F.
Fenno & Co., New York. II 50.
A UNIQUE HOLIDAY B!FT
•'JINGLES from JAPAN"
Verses bv Mabel Hyde.
Pictures by Helen Hyde.
"The Jingles, 'as set forth by the
Ghlnks.* are bright and' far above
the average in cleverness. The au-
thor shows a delicate wit. and some
of "rvr poems are exceptionally good.
• The volume will be a most accept-
able holiday souvenir, for its unique
style and attractive drawings will
appeal to the public. The pictures,
printed In flat blacks and reds, are
strikingly artistic."— The Milwaukee
Sentinel.
/ PRICE 7£c NET.
A. M. ROBERTSON,
Pub hher. 26 Post Street. ,A SAN FRANCISCO
GIRL IS THE SECOND ROSA BONHEUR OF
THE WORLD
«yy ?CD tjott the -wheel of fortune has
f I taken another spin, and once more
f— — I the needle is pointed to the place
V, I where Sunny California spots the
JL map.
Often has Dame Fate, who turns this
Tronderful wheel, paused In her flight to
give a smile of approval to genius In the
realm of music and to the devotees of
drama. In fact, she has discovered so
much cleverness on this far end of the
globe that looking for her has become al
most a habit. But seldom has she deigned
to notice the •workers In the field of art.
Truth to tell, seldom has she had occa
sion to, but this time she has made an ex
ception-
She has apparently been abroad, this
Madame Fate, and has been gathering
evidence of much study, hard work aria
close application, which Is ever the ac
companiment of talent: now she seems
to be satisfied with her proof and is scat
tering: broadcast over two continents tKe
fact that another American girl has "ar
rived," has knocked on the door of fame
and baa been admitted. X student of
California, a San Francisco girl, Matilda
Lotz, haa been declared by the critics of
art In Paris to be the second Rosa Bon
heur of the world. That statement trans
lated and paraphrased means that she Is
to-day the greatest woman painter of an
imals and of animal life living.
The world of art has taken off its hat
to Rosa Bonheur, but now that only her
■work remains to Immortalize her name
this American woman has taken her
THE SUNtfAY CALL.'
place, and the artists abroad 1 and those
who have seen her most recent work here
•are talcing off their hats to Matilda Lotz.
Miss Lotz is a •Southern girl, born in Ten
nessee, but a California^ by adoption, for
she was brought to California while only
a babe In arms, so she claims, to be a na
tive of our State.
The early education of this artist who
portrays "animal life with such -realism
was gleaned f here, where in the school
room tiae little miss was at once the de
light and despair of her teacher. De
light, because she was so deliciously droll:
despair, because, like all artists, she re
fused point blank to cudgel her brain
over the mathematical problem whether
Jwo'and two-made four or six. She pre-
f erred instead to , draw. On ; every . book
and blank leaf, every piece of paper were
pictures— landscapes, houses, cows, horses
—anything and everything in the way of
Pictures, but Tier pet subject seemed to be
pigs. On the margin of her arithmetic,
all around; the pictures of i the village
blacksmith in the Second Reader, were
pigs— whole; processions of' them, tum
-bling, scrambling, pigs en masse, pigs sin
gle; and ' other animals, too, j some of
them entirely unknown to the world of
science, strange lookingjereatures, but all
in proportion, were drawn.
Later, when her mother began; to add
inches. 'to the length of her skirt and she
tied blue ribbons on her dignified mar
guerite braids, her chief delight was to
visit the. Zoo. The old Woodward Gar
dens was a favorite resort and there she
sketched lions in all their glory. .It was
said that even at that time, and this qual
ity is now a very pronounced fact, she
seemed to posse'ss a sort of magnetic in
fluence over, the ' animal kingdom and
could, and' frequently did. put her hands
"through the bars to pat the beasts with
perfect safety.
As the years passed and her love for art
did not abate, it was decided by her par
ents to give her a course of instruction.
.Here- in San Francisco she studied in the
old school of design, under Virgil Will
iams, and immediately made great prog
ress. At an exhibition of the local artists
her picture of a horse captured the gold
medal offered by Jlr.v William Alvord as
a prize for general excellence-' Then un
der the 'advice of Mr. -Williams and a
number of the local critics the young ar
tist was. sent to Paris, where, after a
year's sjtudy, she had two pictures . ad
mitted at the Salon.
In Paris Miss Lotz studied for scrhe
time- in the- Julian" Academy, later under
Van Marcke, but her work, unlike that
of Van Marcke, who is renowned as a
colorist. seems to be influenced more by
that of Rosa Bonheur. who, from the first,
was to Miss Lotz a faithful friend and a
valuable adviser. Up to the day cf Miss
Bonheur" s death these two artists were
' tirm friends and daily associates. Miss
Lotz, like/her friend, early decided not to
wed, .fancying tt?2t a divided attention
would 'be' a drawback in her chosen and
miich'-lnvert art, so. while she always has
many friends and la not an old maid la
any sense of the word, she Is still single.
Moreover, In spite of her artistic temper
ament, there has been no .rumor o£ a ro
mance.
The romance cf her life is perhaps cen
tered in her extensive interests, her trav
els, her several studios and her numerous
pets of beautiful horses and dogs.
The pictures from Miss Lotz's brush are
all painted in a low tone; the very high
est quality being perhaps their absolute
truth to nature. Of the two principal de
partments of art comprehended in the
idealistic and the naturalistic school*
Miss Lk>tz belongs decidedly to the
latter. Nature seems to be her
inspiration; she loves the field, the
mountain, the wood; she loves animal
life, her horses, dogs and oxen are her
personal friends and to their ears are con
fided all her joys and troubles, all her
hopes and disappointments. And they,
coming under this spell of human affec
tion, stand docile and content while her
ready brush makes rapid strokes, trans
ferring their grace and beauty and their
atmosphere of utter peace 'to the canvas.
This is where her work excels, In its
atmospheric o.ualities. There is a very
vibration of the- air. a wealth of feeling:,
a rare spirit of nature. Her oxen stand
ont from the canvas in bold relief, yet
not in harsh outline. They appear almost
as the natural eye would see them in" the
field of yellowing grass. That she Is ac
complished in drawing and anatomy is
apparent. As a coiorist she does not ex- (
eel. but in boldness of execution cannot Da
surpassed. . '
'Miss Lotz paints like a man; there is a
strength and vigor, a broadness in her
work' that in some instances equals in tha
particular style that of Bonheur, who al
ways worked out the detail with a little
more linish to get the same effect. An
other' marked characteristic 'in painting
animals, and that which undoubtedly adds
to their natural appearance, is that of
preserving the likeness of each particular
animal.. Miss Lots likes to study the in
dividuaf physiognomy of a dog. an ox or
a horse, just as a. portrait artist would
do to get the exact expression of a sub
ject.
Thirf artist in her sketching tours
through Kuri'Pi baa made many friends
and has from time to time been presented
with t;ome valuable animals. As she
likes to kee:> them all. she has now in
Paris besides a studio almost a complete
menagerie.
The oops in this croup illustrated are
all gifts and personal pets and are also, I
presume, accomplished models. Ml as
Lotz' work-in panning do^s Svjen.s to u<s
influenced more by the English school
and the work of Sir Kdwin Landseer.
Kach year Hiss Lota sends to the Salon
and has received from that high authori
ty much gratifying praise and several
medals.
While dogs and oxen are, her favorita
bubjects she has also painted many horses,
malting some special studies in the racing
stable of the Duke and Duchess of Port
land, whose country estate lies near
Paris. One of her best known pictures is
that of the head and bust of a magnifi
cent St. Bernard, which was painted for
the Baroness Rothschild. The noble ani
mal became so attached to the artist that
he was afterward presented to SIIs.i
Lotz by the Baroness and is now one of
her most cherished pets and most intelli
gent models. _
Last year Miss Lotz. finding herself
failing in .health, decided to take -re3t
and' recreation in' a trip up the Nile,
where she made studies of the came's
and also painted some in landscape and
architecture, although In this line her
work doe3 not compare with her animal
pictures. After in her travtls she
stopped for a time In Budapest, whers
the Count Esterhazj-, the head of the
Government, the ruler next in power to
the. Emperor Francis Joseph, admired her
work so much that he ordered the erec
tion of a. studio for her especial benefit.
The studio is now locked up, awaitins he
return to that country. Emperor Francis
Joseph save her several commissions atn»
now has a number of Miss Lotz' pictures.
Mrs. Phebe Hearst, who for many years
has been among the first to reeoVn ie
talent among our American girls, has al
ways been much interested < in the prog
ress of this artist. Two canvases, one 1 a
Jersey calf, another of hunting clogs,
which now hang in the Mark Hopkins
Institute of Art. were purchased and pre
sented to the gallery by Mrs. Hearst.
■ Although Miss Lotz has been sixteen
years absent from her native land tt >is
said that she is still as patriotic as ever
and some San . Francisco friends who
spent last year abroad remarked upon
her observance of the good old American
Independence day. In whatever part of
Europe she may be, when the Fourth ot
July comes around her studio is always
gayly decorated in Uncle Sam's colors
There Is a possibility that in this com
ing year Miss Lotz may return for a few
months to her. old home In California
where she will make some studies of our
Wood and field.- HARRIET QUIMBT
1314
DTSTRTCTS
THAT HAVE
F^DZD TNTO
OBSCURITY
UPPOSB that all the new houses
\q^ of San Francisco could be knock-
V~ 1 ed over as If they were toys cf
wood; and that in their places
could be Bet up the homes of the
people who have made history here on
ecr tittle peninsula.
Thea you would never dream for a mo
ment that you were- in San Francisco, for
never did a city change by such swift
magic as this.
The distinctive type of the early day
house was a rambling- wooden structure,
either cottage form or square, with bal
conies above and below. Of this class, in
the northern part of the city, were the
homes of General J. P. Haven on Pow
ell street, near Unfon (he was the well
known "funny man" of the town and one
of the first major generals of San Fran
cisco's militia); Colonel J. D. Fry, on
Pacific street, near Mason; Judge H. T.
Thornton and his son-in-law. Judge
James D. Thornton, recently of the Su
preme Court, on Green street, near Stock
ton; S. M. Wilson, also on Green street,
in whose house were born his numerous
eons, several of whom are present legal
luminaries; George Hearst, on Lombard
fctrcet; W. II. V. Cronise. and William
Sharon on Green street.
Although the homes of our early day
residents were scattered all over the city
of that period, the fashionable portion of
the north side of the town was beyond
question that part of Stockton street ly
ing between Clay and Green and its im
mediate vicinity. Many of the houses
are still in existence, the buildings look-
Ing, in the main, outwardly as they did
fcrty years ago. It is in the interiors
that the most startling changes have
taken place, and to one who- may reta'n
pleasant recollections of the home life
and hospitality of that quarter at that
period a visit there now is an actual
f hock. Outward and visible signs of Chi
nes* occupancy are on every hand, and
the dilapidation which follows in its train
is but too evident. Take, for example,
what was the handsome, imposing home
of Thomas O. J-arkin,*on the east side
of Stockton street, between Pacific and
Jackson. It was one -of the city's most
elegant residences in the early sixties,
and in its spacious parlors was married, .
In 18G2, Mr. Larkin's only daughter, Caro
lina., to Sampson Tarns. Miss Larkin en-
Joyed the distinction of being the first
white child born of American parents in
6an Francisco. It is now a Chinese lodg
ing-house, -with scarcely a. whole window
pace to be seen In the entire structure.
On the opposite side of the street other
prominent early day homes have met a
similar fate. Here stand a couple of
brick houses. In one of them dwelt —
about 13G0— Judge J. P. Hoge and his fam
ily. The twin house was occupied by
Judge M. Hall McAllister of the United
States Circuit Court and his large fam
ily of sons and their wives. Mrs. McAl
lister the eldef was the soul of hospital
ity, and the McAllister house was one of
the most delightful in town to visit; the
entertainments were legion. Next in oc
cupancy came the French Consul, M.
Gautier, and his family, who kept up the
horse's reputation for brilliant festivi
ties until the recall of the Consul by his
Government. The first French consulate
was on the corner of Jackson and Mason
streets. It was a square three-storied
house, the lower story far below the
grade and most dilapidated in appear
aice.
A third example of wreck and ruin in
the vicinity of Stockton street can be seen
In what was known in 1S55 as the Gwln
hcuse. on the north side of Jackson street,
rear Stockton. Jt was one of the most
substantial in the city at that date and
in it Mrs. Gwin held almost regal sway,
eurrounded by the leaders of the Demo
cratic party and numerous satellites. It
vtas while living here that Dr. Gwjn was
re-elected to the United States Senate.
G. W. Guthrie was the. next occu
pant of the Gwin house, which was soon
£.fter purchased and improved by Dr. Hf.
K. Tch.nd and lived in by him and his
family for a decade or more. The house
is now the headquarters of a Chinese
laundry; in fact, the Chinese have ab
eorbed this locality In its entirety and the
old homes of the elder Dr. J. D. Whitney,
John Middleton, the pioneer auctioneer;
Dr. R. T. Maxwell, John Sime, the banker.
tinC others are now occupied by that race.
1 here are. however, two exceptions in this
block; one. the home of Captain Roberts,
en the corner of Washington street, and
the other adjoining it, the early home of
Captain F. W. Macondray," the pioneer tea
raprchant.
A building which has seen many vicissi
tudes still stands on the southwest corner
of Powell and John streets. In it were
held the first services of Grace Episcopal
Church, under the especial charge of the
late Bishop Kip, and when that congrega
tion moved into the newer church edifice
near by its Interior was remodeled into
a dwelling house and was for many years
tlie abode of J. B. Hag-gin and family.
To them succeeded as Joint occupants the
families of J. 0. Duncan and Myers P.
Truett. and at present the lower portion
1« us«?d as a grocery store. It was in a
little house Just round the corner on John
street (now called the "nigger quarter")
HOW SAN FRANCISCO SOCIETY FOLK YEARS
• >£
that the Flood heiress, Tkllss Jennie, first
saw. the light of day. Or* the northwest
corner of Powell and Jackson streets and
adjoining Grace Church was the pretty
white cottage of, Captain R. J. Vande
water. It has since been partly rebuilt
and at the present time is used as a drug
store.
Another house with a history in this vi
cinity was built In the early fifties by
Fletcher M. Haight on the south side of
Jackson street between Mason and Tay
lor. Sand hills abounded there'abouts at
that period and each particular piece of
lumber used in its construction was hauled
to the spot by means of a rope attached
to It at one end and to a horse at the
other. It might well have been called
building under difficulties. All of Mr.
Halght's daughters were married under
this parental roof, and then he sold the
house to J. B. Haggin, who resided there
with his family until the present hand
some abode was built on Taylor street
The Haight house was then moved from
its old locality and - now, standing on
Washington street nearly back to back
with Its old site, is the home of Lawyer
A. D. Splivalo and his family.
When F. L. a. Pioche, the French
banker, built his elegant new residence
(then the finest brick dwelling house in
the city) on Stockton street near Clay it
surely never entered his brain that ere
many years It would be used as a hos
pital and finally become the Chinese con
sulate, with the heathen "washmen" sur
rounding It on all sides. Pioche was a
man who dearly loved a good dinner; his
chef was a cordon bleu, his wines were re
nowned for their vintage and the large
dining room on the lower floor of the
three-storied building was weekly the
scene of elaborate dinner parties.
A queer looking little iron cottage on
Stockton street near California, was for
many years in the latter fifties the home
of Henry B. Willis, the Pacific Mail
steamship agent, and another odd looking
little box of a place next Starr King's
Church on Stockton street near Sacra
mento was the'abode at E. W ■ Joice, the
well-known notary. About 1S57 Julia Dean
Hayne, the actress, bought and llve&Mn
the small cottage perched on top of an
almost inaccessible sand hill near the cor
ner of California and Powell. streets, aft
erward the home of C. Temple Emmett,
the lawyer.
Of the two extremities of the town it
Is a question which It is the most sadder
for an old timer to contemplate. The erst
while fashionable quarter at the north end
of the city has been absorbed by the Chi
nese, that on the south seems to have
fallen Into decay.
What was always - considered a -great
piece of vandalism by the property owners
on Rincon Hill was the cutting through
of Second street: so many pretty homes
stood upbn its lines which were ruined by
the act and disappeared from sight, while
those that remain in the vicinity are but
shadows of the past. The handsome
house of General Henry W. Halleck,
which stood part way up the hill above
Folsom on the west side, was the first
to go, its site being ■ now occupied by a
brewery. (,
i farther uo the EfiT «as ih'e elegant res
idence of Bishop Kip, which actually top
pled over and fell into the excavation.
One of the mosfc noted residences in this
vicinity was the home of Thomas H.
Selby. Built above the grade on Harri
son street (or, rather, the street was
graded down from the, land upon which It
was built early in the fifties), access to it
was gained by a series of long flights of
stairs, and as the Selbys entertained a
great deal these stairs were always cano
pied and looked like! a succession of tun
nels winding up thei side of the hill. • The
house Itself was a two-storied double
frame^ structure, to which some time
about'the middle sixties was added^a spa
cious ballroom— the only one that Embel
lished a private dwelling in the city,
which was the scene of many brilliant
entertainments, such as the reception
given in honor of the Japanese Embassa
dor, Iwakura; the weddings of Clara Sel
by and A. J. Ralston and of Cornelia Sel
by and Captain Kempt of. the navy, to
say nothing t>f the yearly grand ball and
innumerable smaller receptions that Mrs.
Selby gave each month during the sea
son. . •
On the southwest corner of Harrison
and Second streets stood a large frame
house which was built in 1860 by Commo
dore R. C. Ogden for his family home,
but upon the marriage of F. W. Ather
ton's daughter tp Fred Macondray he was
induced to sell it to Mr. Atherton, who
made it a wedding, gift to the bride"..
When the hill was\cut through the lot
upon which It stood partly crumbled
away and the house was' moved to South
Park, where it was afterward for a tlrao
the abode of the Gwin family. There it
still stands, but bears evidence of the de
day that one familiar with the early day
life of that locality detects so readily.
South Park was designed and laid out
about 1E53, after the plan of English cres
cents, by the late George Gordon, one of
our best known early pioneers, and it was
for many years the nucleus around which
gathered a goodly portion of ; the social
system of that period. Within Its limits
were the dwellings of the founder, George
Gordon'; Commodore . Watklns, Horace P.
Janes, John H. Redlngtori, Lloyd Tevis,
Isaac Friedlander, Charles de. Ro, Cap
tain Richard Whiting, Alexander Forbes,
the steamship agent; Russian Consul
Kcstrlmetlnoff; James Bell, founder of
the house, of Falkner, Bell & : Co.; Dr. R.
P. Ashe (father of Porter), George C.
Johnson, Mrs. - Martha Ritchie, James
Otis, William M. Lent, etc. Thte-colony—
for It was one— far removed from tho
other parts of the city, was very sociable
within Its own circle, and among others
boasted three young ladies whom one of
the wits of the day dubbed "the world,
the flesh and the devil." They were Miss
Lottie Hall, Miss Rosa Gore ■ and Miss
Patsie Ritchie, who .were the trio thus
nicknamed. South Park still remaips,;but
fashion has long since. deserted It. ; .
Another of the residences of the South
Side which saw many vicissitudes, was
the one which until lately stood 'on the
north side of Bryant street, near Third.
Originally the early day home of Colonel
B.-.F. Washington, one of the Collectors
of the Port of San Francisco; it came
THE SIJNDAY GALL.
I
into the possession of Louis McLane, who,
purchasing the adjoining property, re
built and^ altered th*e house and laid out
the grounds in an extensive flower gar
den, until the place was regarded as one
of the prettiest residences In the city.
When the McLanes ; removed East the
place was rented to "' Isaac Friedlander,
who still further improved it. Within Ua
doors hospitality reigned supreme, and
elaborate entertainments were of fre
quent occurrence. Perhaps the grandest
wedding that ever took place In our social
■world, was -celebrated in this house, when
.the eldest daughter, Lizzie, became' the
wife of Dr.. A. J. Bowie's eldest son, A:
J.. Bowie Jr., the well-known present-day
mining engineer. . Upon the return of the
■McLanes, .when, the Nevada Bank was
opened, they 'again took' possession "of
their old home and; they were again suc
ceeded by George T. -Brander, who re
slded'there until the death of Mrs. Bran
der, when the place became a private in
i sane asylum: under /the' charge of Dr.
' Whltwell. - : It has recently undergone
many changes,' and Is, now transformed
into a block for business purposes.WERE DOUSED AND INTERTAINED
THE SUNDAY CALL^
One of the few houses In this locality
•which has Improved with age is the resi
dence of Mrs. Peter Donahue on Bryant
street. The grounds are now laid v out nnd
ke'pt with some degree of. care, whereas
in earlier • days,: they were the veriest
waste. The; house; was. builfjsy Peter
Donahue early, in the fifties, and from it
his wife's sister',' : Miss Susie Maguire.'was
married to Martin' Murphy Jr. : After ,tho
death of Mr. Donahue's first wife, in 1S37,
he rented hia house -to F. D. Atherton,
whose family had just arrived from Chile;
and there they resided until they, •went .to
make their- permanent home at Menlo
Park. ■--,■ ■'■'.':■ , ; '• '■'':'■ /;_\ -■ A /; v^ ,\-'
■ Folsom street between Second and Third
was for many, years a fashionable resi
dence locality. The two earliest homes
thereabouts were [ the Handsome Gothic
cottage', of Captain ■ Folsom, Which stood
on the west ; side of; Second ' street near
Folsom, "but which years ago was turned
into a beer hall, and : the massive .square
etone residence - of _/, John ', Parrott, v the
banker/ on the north side of Folsom street,
which from early in the fifties till far
on into the sixties was recognized as the
most pretentious private dwemng house In
the city. In it was given the first private
ball of any magnitude and in later years
It was the scene of the debut and wedding
of several of Mrs. .Parrott's daughters.
Mrs. Parrott sold the property a decade
or so ago to the Wieland family, Tvho af
terward made it their home.
Adjoining the Parrott residence on the
west is a house which In its time has seen
as many vicissitudes as any in the city
and has come to be regarded as a most
unlucky piece of property to its owners.
It was originally the modest littjje cottage
of Captain G. W. P. Bissel, standing in
the midst of a pretty flower garden. At
his death it became the property of the
man known as "Ophir" Woodworth, he
having made a large fortune in the stock
of that mine. Moving the cottage to the
rear -of the grounds, he built in front of
It a very pretentious mansion as a home
for himself, and family, and while living
there the marriage of his daughter took
place. She was then quite an heiress. She
married Dr. W. H. Bruner. Time in its
flight brought failure and ruin to Mr.
Woodworth, who sold the property to Mil
ton .9. Latham, then in the zenith of his
wealth and fame, who still further im
proved it, adding the large library, which
was the great feature of the house.
Here Mr. Latham entertained in lavish
style; here occurred the death of his first
wife, Sophie, daughter of Dr. Louis A.
Birdsall, and a remarkably brilliant wo
man, and here also was held the marriage
reception after his second bridal to Miss
Mollie - McMullin, one i of San Francisco's
belles in .the sixties. Evil, days also be
fell Mr. Latham, and upon his failure the
house was bought by Senator William
Sharon as a wedding present to his daugh
ter, Mrs. Frank Newlands. But when she
died two years later! the place ceased to
bo looked upon as a desirable residence,
especially as fashion had j commenced to
seek other localities, so, after passing
through various hands, It is now a lodg
ing house. ' . • •
Some of the smaller streets, such as Te
; hama, I Minna arid Natoma, were in early
days considered among the fashionable lo
calities arid- had as residents the families
of Eugene Casserly, Morton Cheeseman,
T. J. Poulterer and. others. The cottage
wherein William F. Babcock and his fam
ily, for so many years made their home
on Essex- street once stood In the midst
of a beautiful? flower .garden,, but, alas,
weeds are now'ramparitithe fence has fall
en I into decay, and the i house Itself has . a
dilapidated appearance." Another house In
: this' locality -which 'retains but few traces
of "Its pristine glory Is the old-time'resi
dence of L. A. Garnett on Essex street.
Quite in ■ contrast Is the handsome dwell
ing' - opposite belonging • to the Miller es
tate. : It "was originally buijt by . J. "W.
• Tucker, the pioneer jeweler, and .was al
ways regarded as a beautiful house.'eveh
in early ' times,' y but i of late years; it \ has
■ been greatly enlarged and improved/, The
• large house jon First street above ; Harri
~ son, which was built ,by\ Hall 'McAllister.
next door; to his brother Cutler, afforded
; plenty of space for . him ,and his wife to
folio wj their . hospitable bent to ; the utmost
and while living there they entertained on
a lavish scale. The house passed into the
.hands of: Judge' H. A. Lyons in 1871 and
is now used as a lodging house.
The first-pretentious home of W. C. Ral
ston, built during the middle sixties, was
on Fremont street near Firsthand herein
he began the series of lavish entertain
ments which afterward made his name
so famous in connection with Belmont.
The handsome residence of Mrs. A. M.
Parrott on Sutter street is one of tha
it-stances of stately oak produced by the
tiny acorn. Sutter street during the mid
dle fifties was beyond Powell street an
almost impassable sand waste, ungraded,
and consequently nearly devoid of build
ings. AJmost the last dwelling-house on
the south side near Mason street was a
l'.jile four-room cottage, standing in the
middle of a sand lot. This was the home
of Lawyer W. H. Sharp, his wife and
young children^ In the course of a few
years, about 1S60, the street, being "then
graded, he built an addition of several
rooms In front of the little cottage? mak
ing it quite a presentable house. This was
the one he sold to Senator Sharon, who,
"about 1S73, occupied it with his family,
and here was soon after given the grand
ball which celebrated the entree of the
Sharon family into San Francisco society.
The house was not large* enough, however,
to suit the Sharon ambition, so after pur
chasing the adjoining property on tho
cast Mr. Sharon built the large addition
to his dwelling which made the house on*
of the most commodious in the city. Tha
first use made of the elegant, spacious par
lors was upon the occasion of the marriage
of his eldest daughter, ( Clara, to Frank
Newlands. This was the first social func
tion in which enormous wealth was lav«
ishly displayed and marked a new era in
entertainment among us. The parlors
were next thrown open to friends when
the body, of Mrs. Sharon lay in state be
foie the funeral, when the floral decora
tions were, almost as great a feature of
elaborate display as at the bridal. Not
very long afterward the failure of the
Bank of California caused Mr. Sharon to
transfer the property to W. S. O'Brien,
who placed It at the disposal of his sister,
Mrs. Maria Coleman. whose pretty twin
daughters speedily became leading, belles
in society. A couple of years later the
rooms which were thronged for the mar
riage festivities of Miss Sharon once more
.were, filled with wedding guests, the bride
being Miss Cecilia Coleman and the jtroom
Harty May. After the death of Mr.
O'Brien Mrs. Coleman, to whom he willed
the property, sold .It to Mrs. Parrott, who
during the winter season generally resides
there surrounded by her large family, and
since her occupancy It has been the scene
of many brilliant hospitalities.
There wer/s but* two houses on the north
side of Sutter^treet In the block between
" Powell and Mason in the middle fifties.
One. at the corner of Powell street, was
a two-story' tottage belonging to W. S.
Clark; the other, ' a double two-storied
, house on the corner of Mason, was the
; home of Isaac Friedlander. Between the
-two was a' deep gully, long flights of stops
for, pedestrians reaching down and up on
"either. side. There was no attempt at a~
roadway, and vehicles .were an unknown
quantity^ thereabouts. The. Friedlander
house was afterward occupied . by John
Young of New Almaden fame and his
wife. Her pretty sisters, the Misses Walk-
WHERE AND
HOW THE
SMART SET 'OF
THE FIFTIES .
UVSD
mshaw, formed part of their family dr»
cle; one of them afterward became tha
wife of Joseph Barron of the well-known
firm of Bolton, Barron & Co. To the
Youngs succeeded the Rev. Dr. Ver llehr
ind his family, and it was during hia oc
cupancy that his only daughter, the beau
tiful ( bionde Gertrude, became the wife of
J. M. Seawell.one of our present Superior
Judges, and the beauty of the bridal party
as they appeared at the reception, held in
the long: parlors of the old house, was the
topic of the hour, The. bride, a perfect
blonde, looked as if she had stepped from
the frame of one of the old family por
traits, which formed a background for t)6s
party, and her two bridesmaids, Miss Sa
rah Poett and Miss Ella Maxwell, were
perfect specimens of the brunette type of
loveliness. The old house is still extant,
but it has been turned around and now
faces on Mason street, a short distance
above Sutter.
The furnishing of our early day homes
was of a very different character from
that of the present and seldom varied
from black walnut upholstered In hair
cloth cr red plush with mahogany frames.
Of this latter description was that which
the long drawing room of the early day.
Friedlander home on Sutter street con
tained, quite in contrast to the pale blue
brocade and gilt furniture of their ele
gant parlor in the McLane mansion on
Bryant street. Apropos of furniture, when
Senator Sharon finished and furnished his
Sutter-street house in 1S74 the cost of the
parlor upholstery alone exceeded the sum
of $30,000.
On the block between Powell and Stock
ton there were but three dwelling houses
on the north side of Sutter street. The
large frame house on *he corner of Sut
ter and Stockton was built early in the
fifties by Lucien Herman and was one
of the handsomest in the city for many
years. Dr. Bowie purchased the property
in 1856 and resided in It until about 1S70.
when, after being partially destroyed by
fire, it was remodeled and became a beer
hall, known as the Vienna Gardens, where
concerts were given nightly to the accom
paniment of lager and tobacco. Adjoining
it on the west was one of the cottage
houses which were brought here around
the Horn and put together with screws,
not "a nail being used In its ■construction.
It was the property of B. Davidson, Roth
chllds' agent, and to the original housa
Mr. Davidson added a couple of wtng3.
one of which he used as a billiard room.
Being a lover of floriculture, he laid out
the extensive grounds which surrounded
his house in flowers and foliage, which
were brought to such a state of perfection
that it was a noted place In the young;
city. The property passed Into the hands
of the Congregation Emanu-El In 1363.
and upon it was erected the present syna
gogue, tho price paid for the land being
about $12,000. The house was then re
moved to Ellis street Just above Mason,
where it now stands, the main house by
Itself and the two wings forming- another
house, used as a blacksmith's shop be
low, with lodgings in the rooms above.
The third house on the block next west
of the Davidson domain was built and
lived in first by Abel Guy, then by F. Cav
allier, both well-known old pioneers, as
well as the third resident," Julius May,
joint manager of Rothschilds* banking
house of B. Davidson & Co.
A house which retains much of Its old
time appearance still occupies its original
location on the southwest corner of. Stock
ton and California. It was built by
Colonel J. D. Stevenson in the early fifties
and was the scene for many- years of. a
great deal of hospitality, the large draw
ing: room to the right of entrance betas
a marvel for size and "Just the thing" for
dancing. It is now and has for a
decade or more been used as a lodging
house. Across Stockton street and ad
joining Grace Church on the south Is the
large double house of Antolne Borel.
which looks precisely as It did when built
thirty years ago by "William Barren, and
occupied by him until bis death, the joint
occupants with him being his brother Jo
seph, and Thomas Bell. Mr. Barron' s bach
elor parties were renowned, and tho ball
given by him" In celebration of the mar
riage of the'eldest Miss Wallrtnahaw and
Sam Price, an early day notable, was
the most brilliant private affair ever given
then In San Francisco and would com
pare favorably with the most elaborate
function of tha present day.
Our early day residents had two otrt
of-town resorts, to which of a pleasant
afternoon many teams found their way.
They were on the route to the beach,
which, even before the building: of the
Cliff House Road, was the popular drive
of the day. One was the Ocean House,
the other the Lake House, which was
prettily situated on the banksi of the La
goon near the Ocean Beach. The Lake
House was purchased some time near the
end of the fifties by John 3Jidd!eton. the
pioneer auctioneer, and he moved It Into
town to "occupy his lot on Second street
near South Park, and it became his fam
ily home. Indeed It was owing to the po
sition of this home that Mr. Middleton
was • induced to engineer the - cutting
through of the Second-street hill which he
so successfully accomplished. A house in
the Western Addition which looks to-day
exactly as It did forty years ago Is that
where Samuel Holladay and his family
reside; the only difference is that when
first built there was not a vestlga of foli
age around or near it and not a house
within a dozen blocks* ; What a contrast
between then and now In glancing at the
palatial homes in the neighborhood oc
Millionaire W. B. Irwin. Henry Crocker,-.
Dr. Barkan, the Goads, Dunphy and,
Henry. Scott.
1516
LASHED to the masthead of a
ship, one hundred and thirty-live
feet above the heaving sea. with
the wind j blowing a regular
■'shiver my timbers" gale, Mclvin Van
iman. a plucky photographer of San
Francisco, retently accomplished a tri
umph in securing: tbe largest and most
beautiful harbor-city view of Honolulu
ever obtained. And thereby hangs a
tale that is of interest to photographers
and laymen alike.
Mr. Vaniman. after years spent in ex
perimenting, has reached a point in
photography which has long been
striven for unsuccessfully. He has suc
ceeded in making a continuous pano
ramic picture 20 by 72 inches in size on
one plate. The original sizes of the il
lustrations used in this article are 16 by
48 inches. The picture of Honolulu
was taken from the top of a pole 107
£eet high.
The other, snowing a stretch of city
streets reaching from, the Emporium to
the Hopkins Art Institute, was taken
from the Lcepalmer building. They
are taken on one plate, the camera
lenses having been made from special
designs in Germany. Until now these
large photographs have always been
taken in .sections and joined together.
Mr. Vaniman followed up this
method and used all of the various pan
orama cameras. In the joining process
all negatives have to be printed exactly
alike, the same time of exposure, etc.,
to make the whole picture perfect. He
tried enlarging small negatives.- but
found that unsatisfactory. Then he set
about making a camera of his own,
finding that- no > ordinary . one would
achieve his object. Since then he has
been through a maze of bolts and
screws, shutters and lenses, and lias
made four cameras. .
THE SUNDAY CALL.
"It took nim three weeKs to maKc tlie
first one. and with it only two suc:ess
lul pictures were made, in size 7 by ;?o
inches. Finding these somewhat de
fective, .the camera was thrown aside
and a second and larger machine start
ed. This was torn to pieces at least
six times, but, after much ;vork, with it
was made the most artistic photograph
of the famous Pali, near Honolulu, ever
produced. Mrs. Vaniman.' with the eye
of an artist, has colored this picture,
making it" even more beautiful.
The camera used for these photo
graphs is almost as large as a small
trunk. At the time of makinsr the pic
ture of the Pali Captain Maj?ee of the
bark Battle Abbey, then at Honolulu,
expressed a desire to -accompany Mr.
Vaniman up the rugged cliffs. He had
climbed the Andes and Alps, but had
hcaVd from English travelers of the
Pali, and wanted to try it. - '
LARGEST PANORAMIC
TAKEN ON
He was a heavy man,' and the method
employed in ascending the Pali was not
calculated to reassure him. The side of
the cliff is covered with tangled vegeta
tion and shrubs. The climbers made
their toilsome way with a larjje iron
hook secured to the end of a rope. This
hook was thrown up as far as possible
to catch a hold among the moss and
shrtdps and the explorers would then
pull themselves up by the rope. This
process, oft repeated, brought them at
last to a ledge at an elevation of 500
feet. . ■•
Here the picture was taken, after
some time spent in bringing around the
doughty captain, who nearly collapsed
from his exertions in breathing and
climbing.
Mr. Vaniman became known in Hon
olulu as the "'trapeze photographer,"
from the aerial methods to which he
was often obliged to resort in securing
his broadest picture effects. In taking a
picture of the beach at Waikiki he built
a three-cornered portable tower thirty
feet high, somewhat like a windmill.
This was placed in position amone
the incoming waves and helped in giv
ing the picture a depth not usually seen
in such views. This tower cost $$o and
only came into service on this one oc
casion. \
But the most thrilling and melodra
matic position into which, Mr. Vani
man's keen scent in the advancement 01
photography ever took him was when
he spent two and a half hours rocking
to and fro at the tnn of the tallest mastPHOTOGRAPHS EVER
ONE PLATE
of the bark Gerard C. Tobev. waiting
for the great masses of cloud to give the
sxra a chance, so that he might get the
birdseye view tor which he had risked
hi< life and his limbs.
He tells of his success in the follow
ing entertaining way: "Well. I am a
great "landlubber/ you know, and I
never was tooth of a climber. I never
thought of climbing a mast before in
sny life. But, I wanted that view and it
seemed to me that the masthead of that
ship was the only place from which to
get it. The captain offered- me any part
of the ship that 1 might want, but when
he found that 1 was going to climb the
mast he advised me not to do it. I tell
you there were a grinning lot of sailors
around when the procession of two
started up through the rigging.
"I took the big box camera, and there
was no grin on my face. 1 am sure. The
captain was half way up the rigging be
fore I got stsrtcd. When I reached
him lie took the camera from me.
"I hung on and got over the rim of
the foretop.. wishing I was anywhere
but where I was. I exemplified the
next dizzy climb. of over one hundred
feet to the royal yard at the top. I
didn't <!are look anywhere else. The
captain was sitting there unconcernedly
hvjrginsj the camera. lu a few moments
more the sailors below had hoisted the
yard to the eyes of the rigging, or mast-
Ijcadcdifci as they call it^ A lower point
would have been no good for the view.
r>n account of the intervening ropes.
Then the captain slid down again.'
"I was alone, and my hair w^.s stand
ing on end — of course from the wind!
I Ird'a wad of trood stout rope 'in my
pocket and I lashed myself to the mast.
THE * SUN DAY CALL.
a (hTi'cuft onc-lianaed sort of a fob. i
tied knots without number and the
wind whistled around me and threat
ened to throw me out into space. My
bead was whirling; from the d ; zzv
height, and my hat .was gone. The
pigmy-like figures of the sailors below
seemed as far off as though in Africa,
and the mast swayed back and^ forjh
with a qualmish motion that was awful!
"The big camera box bobbed about
like a spool and threatened to fall, into
the sea with - every pitch. The royal
yard wobbled fearfully beneath my feet,
and I had to do a sort of sailor's horn
pipe step with every lurch to keep mv
feet where they ought to be. I had a
great time getting the camera into po
sition. I supoorted it on a triangle
which I lashed to the mast. . • • ■■:
"The wind blew the cap from the lens
and I had to use a piece of paper which
I found in my pocket. Finally when I
got it focused and all readv with the
sun shining j brightly, a great cloud
sailed over the city. It threw the wnore
view into, shadow, and, will you believe
it? I had to wait up there two hours and
a. half, with the wind blowing at thirty
five miles an ho'.ir. . before I got a
chance to press the lever and take the
picture. '
"To make sure. I went through the
process three times, though with the
greatest difficulty. It took one arm to
hold on to the mast, and the other to
take out the plate holders and replace
them. The swaying of the mast ren
dered it almost impossible to keep the
plate horizontal with the view and two
of the plates were spoiled 0:1 this ac
count. The third was a success.
''Good -luck. I guess, got me down
again safely} My nerves needed, and
.trot, about two days in bed afterward.
But I felt repaid with the results I got.
If you want to take pictures, go up a
ship's mast. You'll enjoy it."
Through a* hornets' nest with a cam
era was another of Mr. Vaniman's ex
\ ■
plorations in search of the picturesque.
He found it in large bunches.
He was on his way from Hilo to Wai
aluka to take a picture for the railwav
company, and with him was young Ad
dison Mizner of San Francisco. The
two were clambering up a side hill, car
rying the camera, as big as a trunk, be
tween them. The end of it struck what
looked like a big. mass of clav. but
which turned out to be a hornets' nest
in disguise. The air was filled with
many things in less than a second. A
flying camera, two flying men and hun
dreds of flying- hornets! The lid came
off the camera, the light got in it and
no picture was taken that day.
Mr. Vaniman. who starts on a tour of
the world shortly, has just received a
commission from General Warfield to
make a panoramic view from the sum
mit of Mount Tamalpais. Before his
return the world at large will have con
tributed many beautiful scenes to his
camera. ALFRED DEZENDORF.
WOpJfj6,f^FUU
flf| S^OT
SHTP 135
1718
NOTABLE ART
COLLECTIONS
OF SAN FRANCISCO
THE S UNPAY CALX.
THERE IS A SPLENDID COLLECTION OF THE FAMUUb mnoiLun oonuuuu. . «.„.-
ING RIGHT HERE IN SAN FRANCISCO. TH^SE ARE THE PAINTERS WHO CAME FROM THAT
LITTLE VILUGE NEAR THE FOREST OF FONTAINEBLEAU, SUCH MEN AS COROT, MILLET,
ROUSSEAU, JACQUE, ETC. POSSIBLY YOU KNOW THE POSSESSOR OF THESE WORKS OF
ART AND THE STORY OF HOW THEY CAME TO OUR CITY— IF NOT, READ BELOW.
(This Is the beginning of a series
o* articles devoted to famous art col
lections of this city. The second paper
will appear at a later date yet to be
announced.)
-_i_ /■ ■ "
f>"t COLLECTION of the famous Bar-'
f\ blzon school of painting on this
J— I far end • of the continent! Con-
V, I nolsaeurs may open their eyea.
JL artists pause to listen, - and the
patrons of art Jingle their gold and brisk
ly Inquire, "where/," and well they may,
for the statement is not a mere jumble of
words, "it really, means" something.;
It means that here in a private gallery
in San Francisco is one of;the irfost com
plete collections in "America of the orig
inal masters and. founders of the: famous
Barbizon school of painting. In the resi
dence of Colonel Trumbo. a well known
lover and patron of ' both local and for
eign painting, are gathered together can
vases representing, with . two exceptions
only each member of the original famous
school. ' ■"
This school of Barbizon,. which- Is sit
uated in the little : village of the same
name in ; Paris, has had more or less In
fluence, on art the world over, and of all
the various schools this one has to-day
the most distinguished followers. For tha
greatest landscape painters the world has
ever known and recognized lived and died
in. this little world, near the forest, of
Fontalnebleau. ' . '■ \. \
Few there are. in America,- or for that
matter abroad, who can boast a collec
tion of these original signatures, for they
are indeed rarities. In every gallery of
note there is at least one of the Barbizon
school,- but, as the years pass the diffi
culty to procure these increases: and now
to get a Rousseau, a ..Corot or a Millet
means not only enormous outlay of ready
cash, but genuine strategy to purchase it.
Strategy, because if bought in France the
sale must be closed in secrecy, for the
French Government, the highest author
ity on art known, recognizing the merit
of their .'countrymen's work, and con
tinually wishing to add to the gigantic
salon for which Paris is renowned, will
overbid any foreign purchaser, and, of
course, claim the painting.
Whenever the rumor is given out that
a house of nobles must dispose of its gal
lery to" readjust its financial condition,
which case • in France is .not an Infre
quent one, the Government purchaser i3
always on hand. For several years past
a Rousseau, a .Corot, a Millet, Dupre,
Daubigny. Diaz. Jacque,, Gerome or a
Rosa Bonheur has not been allowed to go
out of France at all if the fact were
known. So- Colonel Trumbo is wise to
prize his collection, for it would be almost
an Impossibility to duplicate It.
One side of this gallery. is given entire
ly' to the Bartfizons. There is In all a
Rousseau, a Corot. a Millet, two by Jules
Dupre. one by Victor Dupre, a De Camp,
a Daubigny, a Diaz, a Van.Marcke, a
Jacquot. a Gerome and a Rosa .Bonheur.
The last two named are of the ljiter Bar
bizon school, the others of the ekrly.
SOt the first-named master, RousseaiV
there is. much to be said, for he was one
of the original settlers in Barbizon, and
his love .-.for nature and the marvelous
fidelity, with which he could impart" the.
.same to canvas won him the name which
•".will.- go down; in •, history. He was called
the "king of landscape painters," the
■Beethoven of, art. .the Shakespeare of the
.••brush and many other appellations,' which
',^only ; partially convey the fact that., his
. handwas gifted with an execution . cer
..tainly marvelous. :■■-,- , , ■.. ; . "
'.- Rousseau; painted., nature in all, her va
riety—mountain : and... valley, gay ' and
•somber,' but always nature.. Perhaps, his
most ; prized -work ■ and that, in which he
.has never: had a rival is the treatment of
; <the oaks.' The.. forest of Fontainebleau,
wiiich he loved as only a native of France
can love -her woods, was immortalized by
his brush, and to-day it -is known there,
"as Rousseau's Forest, and several par?
' ticularly. grand. old trees standing on the
ioutskirts; of the' village are pointed out
• to curious tourists as the Rousseau oaks.
,But like all great souls who have helped
.to make the : world's history, - Rousseau
,. . had' his hardships and his struggles. Born
v " in 1812, he worked, studied and exhibited
his efforts only to 'be laughed at and ig
nored until the year-1855. : whenhe began
• ' to ; receive faint commendation. Ten years
..later the world, began \to wake to his real
worth and to'pay the homage due a great
master, but he, did not t live : to enjoy ha
fame, for in 1867 he died, i™™*" 1 " 1^*
upon his death his works became of peat
commercial value, and now owing to
their scarcity- as well as beaut}, are
greatly coveted. . • 1Q —
Camllle Corot. who died in the year -IS, w.
was also another of the so-called P^asanc
painters, whose Intense love for na^
has made his name sacred in the wora
of art. The Corot landscape which han ? s
in this collection is one of a very few Hi
the United States. It is an idealization of
nature, a beautiful brown in tone, a . poe t
lcal bit of woodland, with here and theie
a delicate effect of light; every line . eie-y
sweep of the brush-clean and aaimj,
every touch of detail adding to a har
monious whole. This masterpiece- at
Corot is a painting which will day aftei
day, with sunshine or gloom, develop new
beauty. Enchanting as it is at first sight,
with long acquaintance it will be loved-
Another very beautiful picture is a large
canvas of a storm scene by Jules u«P*e ■•
Of this artist the authorities of the Fails
salon have said that he is. the only man
who ever succeeded in painting the. otner
side of a cloud. And his clouds are cer
tainly wonderful in this picture which
represents- an angry sky, grotesquely
formed masses :of clouds, spotted ana
fringed with flecks of transparent color
and this whirlwind of toned mist swerves
and moves as the current \ sweeps _it
down landward. In the foreground a few
trees stand en masse, tall and
watching as it were the. war of the ele
ments which threatens above.
A very noticeable thing about these pu.
tures of the Barbizon school is tteelr re
markably smooth finish. There is barely
the mark of a brush shown, no furrows
of paint, no labored efforts apparent to
gain a desired effect-as Is .sometimes
noticed in a more modern school.- me
shades tone and blend together in a way
which brings the picture very close to
"it is said that these masters sometimes
used their fingers to blend and rub the
paint in place of brushes to get the smooth
A S beautiful little piece full of atmos
phere, representing a grpup of sheep In
the middle distance, a bit of nature palnt
ed in exquisite low ton*. Is signed C.
Jacque." There is a cattle piece by Victor
Dupre, who is famed as a colorist. A
landscape, a birdseye view of a village by
Daublgny, a De Camp, a Van Marcke, a
Gerome; then we come to Millet, who
is perhaps ) the best-known artist of all.
that Is, the best known to the public at
large, for the painting, ' that pathetic bit
of human 'existence, "The Man With the
Hoe," was from his. brush. "
Few places in the world are more closely
allied with genius than Barbizon. anl
few nainters are better known and loved
thete than was Jean Francois Millet, for
he was born and bred a peasant; he min
gled with and was to the last one of the
people. His brush: spoke nature In its
every interpretation and always with ab
solute truthfulness. Millet did not ideal
ize; he put all the matter of fact, all tin
prose . in every-day life in his work. Yet
every picture from his hand Is a master
piece.
As with his contemporary, Rousseau,
Millet had a cruel struggle for existence,
fields tor his daily brtad. and there where
he heloed to reap and gather the harvest
he made many l-£ the studies which now
stand as his most famous v.-orfc.
The most widely known of Millet's pic
tures is perhaps ihe "Angelas. " In Bar
bizon thi? beauciful cus-iom of observing
the Angelus baa not entirely passea.
Sometimes stilt, when the silver bell rin~>
out, 5 the field workers bow their heavlj
reverently, and the poor struggling peas
antry, who. after ail, may be happy in
their very ignorance of a. better condition,
offer up a prayer to their Creator. Coun
try of mingled poetry and prose, small
wonder It is that it is called the Mecca of
artists. Millet was not fully recognized
and appreciated until 1S71. /and fate left
him but few years in which to enjoy
his fame, for his death occurred In '75.
But In' the village of Barbizon his studio
Still stands, every detail of interior as he
left it. - The shurters are closed and the
blinds drawn, but any one desiring to ,
visit this sanctuao* of the great master,*
can, with a small fee to the attendant;!
C There Is his table, his bookshelves. hl3
easel, the palette brushes and a few
chairsi No luxury, no article that was
not in almost daily use: simplicity was
the keynote of Millef s life. Sometimes
the students of the present day Barbizon.
and there is a colony > there, steal away
from their companions and reverently
pass the door of this humble domicile.
They sit In his chair and wander about
the room, with a vague hope that through
some subtle Influence of the quiet studio
the mantle of its former occupant will
envelop them. But Barbizon has not ye«
produced a second Millet. -
Visitors to France cannot say they havf
been in France at all If they skip Barbi
zon, for there Is the most famous wood
in the world, giant trees which for count
less ages have spread their sturdy arms
to the smiles and tears of the elements,
the forest of Fontalnebleau. This forest
which Is criss-crossed with paths and
roads, is also used as a preserve, and
there the nobility of France In gay hunt
ing parties add' a touch of romance as
they dash through the masses of follasa
in pursuit of game.
The other side of the life plcttrr» dis
closes a peasant, as he stoops to gather
the fagots and twigs under tha branches
of the giant oaks, forln France nothing
goes to waste, each twig Is carefully ta
ken home and Is added to others of which
the queer brooms are made which ara
used by the peasants throughout FTan.ce,
The ground Is clean, for each dried
branch Is taken for firewood.
But Barbizon with these later years fs»
being invaded by wealth and fashion, r
Young Mr. Artist who has a rich father l
studies in Barbizon, the grandes dames
of society take rest cures In Barbizon
and go home with trophies In the way of
sketches of the Rousseau oaks. Young
students who are geniuses, if geniuses
consists in the length of hair, wonderful
ly attired in vari-colored clothes, with a
valet to carry their painting parapher
nalia, sit about in the fields and alons
the byways to study the tollers, much to
the disgust of those whole-souled people.
Henry Breuer, one of our local art-
spent some time In Barblzon last
rear, and while there made many charm-,
ng studies of the famous forest. Alaal
:his illustration of the street of Bar-f
Mzon was painted while there. In the\
■niddle distance to the left is the studio
>f the immortal Millet. Mr. Breuer says
:hat now through the very center of this
Jtreet. which appears so beautiful In ita
simplicity and cleanliness, the poetry la
somewhat disturbed by a very up-to-date
md decidedly out of place little tram '
;ar, which dashes up the narrow avenue
>ast the studio, chug-chug, puff, and, with
frequent unmusical toots, stops in front
af the quaintly charming old hotel, ths
first building to the right In the picture.
Here the cars are unloaded of theii
aurden of tourists and do\frn street agair
sputters this evidence of modern progress,
whose Invasion the old artist residents
there regard as sacrilege.
At the far end of this street. Juttina
nut from the ylope of the mountain, is
i huge bowldjer. one sitle made smooth,
and It serves as a mount for the portraii
head of Millet, coupled v.ith that ol
Rousseau. A noble evidence of the ap
preciation to these giants of their' da}
and generation.
The only "living member of the original
Barbizon school Is H. Ilarpignies. and h«
13 conceded, to bo the greatest living land
scape painter in the world to-day. Colone'
Trumbo. who has visited Barbizon man;
times and i? a=« familiar with its charac
teristics as he H with San Francisco, wil"
some clay journey there again, and par*-*
haps by good Itick may entirely completl^
his collection of Barbizons. In the mean
time he may congratulate himself tha'
there arc only two more to add
' , HARRIET QUIIIBT,THE HOME OF HALF A
MILLION CACKLING HENS
CT^ HE town or rotalurra is ruled by
I five hundred thousand hens. They
j rule as Ions BS They produce osrgs.
{ When, they are past that stasr? Qf
JL usefulness they are put out of the
way soreehov. perhaps spnt to San
FranciFco boardinjr-hcuses. and a young
er generation of rulers take their places.
But for these half a million of hens
the town would cevcr have been v.'hat
it now is. r.r.d the eg-g and poultry rais
in j industry of Petaluma would never
!>avo hatthed. t=»i t^t speu'e. and reached
5ts present immense proportions. The
ft iicr:? know ft. aw' hrv.ee there is no spot
In the place that is forbidden to thern^
They greet: the tirttflir as he steys from
;he train and they rluck at him as he
departs That is. if he doesn't stay and
wi\ In thr> r>ii«'trv hi'v'rw^s 1r>. Ihic fnvnr-
ed spot, which many finally do. Twenty
three years ago . there were not more
than a hundred or two chickens to be
found In or around Petaluma. Now more
e-gs and poultry are shipped from that
ooint than from all the other towns of
the State combined, and the poultry
ranches vary In «i*e from a backyard to
a hundred acres or more. No person hav
«-ig a scrap of land to spare is without a
"Yrijck of hens.
/ The few figures following make the egg
-business appear a very much more dig
nified occupation than it is popularly sup
posed to bs"
The shipments from Petaluma last year
were '' 600,000 'dozen eggs. 30,000 dozen of
poultrj : . As h!gn a? 14.000 dozen eggs
have been shipped oit in one/day from
th* Petaluma market alone. More than
onv-half of the e%s and poultry used
Jn San Francisco yearly come from this
town of brooders and Incubators. For
the motherly hen -docs "ot belong' here
and it is as much as her life is worth to
show acy inclination to set.
PetaluVna's proud position as the egs
center of the Pacific Coast Is not the re
sult of accident, but is due to a combina
tion, viz.: right soil, cool summers and
favorable location. Nearness to the San
Franclcco market and the extremely low
freight rates afforded by reason of the
competition between water and rail
transportation are other important fac
tors In its development.
The poultry Industry has been the
means of making much otherwise worth
less land much more valuable. The big
Ootati Rancho of 10.003 acres has recently
Oa on subdivided and Eold out In small
ladings. To drive through it now is to
rind a veritable poultry city.
The white Leghorn fowls, among the
best layers known, are kept to nearly the
entir* exclusion of other breeds, for the
*SX business is really more promising
here than the poultry side of the indus
try. x
It is a pretty sight at the feeding time'
of 6000 or 70C0 hens on a many-acred
ranch. Perhaps the chicken houses, each
with its r.ear-by colony of 100 to 150
chickens, are scattered over many acres,
sometimes i^rnidst the green of. a foothill
orchard. • :•■..••"■
There is a rush and. flutter of v a living/
cloud of white 1 iis the man starts-^out'
from the feed house' with hdrse land '6led«
sind • makes the: round -• of-.'the^'-tiers, • Jit. ,
houses..' sctitteiing v feed;ka.d'.'gatlie'rins,thb ;
harvest of egps ,:as' he goes- .The: length ';
of this trip' Varies/, of -course,' with: • the
Bmount .of Jand. occupied*, .nut the^feedingi
sled sorretimes makes a circuit of a mile.
The hens are generally- fed only once a
day, with the addition of ?» lunch of greah
feed at night. The eled Is loaded with
four barrels of water, five sacks of wheat
and a mash composed of three /sacks of
coarse middlings and forty pounds of
either cut green bone or ground fresh
meat, which Is mixed with skim milk
that has been allowed to sour. On a big
ranch it takes from 6 a. m. until 11 o'clock
to complete the feeding: and watering, and
'a sufficient quantity is put out to last
twenty-four hours. Seventy-live hens ar*
roosted In' each house, and the houses are
built on runners.
The colonies are from 400 to 500 feet
apart and the hens being well supplied
with feed, are content and do not wander
from one colony to another.
An interesting feature of this open col
ony system is that each fowl knows and
goes to unerringly Its own , particular col
ony house, for roosting, at night.
No man is considered a professional
poultry reiser about Petaluma unless h«
keeps at least a thousand hens. Anothef
way of keeping the fowls Is in 'a continc
uous row of houses with wire-inclosed
run-yards attached; but the scattered col
ony system seems to be the favorite, ari£
is also .the more healthful and gives beC
results in fertility, and vigor. .._
Many of the women" of Petaluma are
kept busy feeding the chickens. In 1900
$20,000 was spent with the merchants of
the town for. chicken feed. This was out
side and above the feedstuff which some
of the larger poultry raisers Import from
San Francisco. Small oyster . shells are
bought in this town of hens by . the
schooner load to furnish the biddies with
the lime wherewith- to produce' a proper
eggshell. The cost of feeding one hen wei!,
ami strike. the happy medium of success
in feeding:, is about 65^ cents per. year—
THE SUNDAY CALL.
from that to $1. ' A" man will. go' into a
store in Petaluma and buy $500 worth. of
chicken feed and pay cash forit as read
ily and -perhaps more so than he would
buy.hls wife a silk sown.
Spot cash is the basis on which trading
• is ; done in : Petaluma; = and . the hens have
made it so.* The local merchants pay out
to small producers on an average of $3000
per. day for eggs and poultry. -
Producers get cash almost dally for
their 'products and can. sell one . bird or
one dozen eggs to a lively lot of.competi
tors' for cash at i the same rate that a
.thousand, birds or a thousand dozen eggs
would be bought for. -
. The Petaluma poultryman sells his eggs,
he. don't consign them. In the spring sea
son- San Francisco and other dealers send
to the town, and their agents may be
often found out on the country roads.try
nlg to induce the incoming poultrymen
to sign contracts to sell their products to
them i for the entire year. Many small
producers ship eggs and poultry direct
to San Francisco hotels and restaurants.
Twenty to thirty coops of poultry are
shipped each day from Petaluma to the
San. Francisco market. Poultry and eggs
to the. value of $1500 are the daily ship
ments from the town at' present, which
figure is raised to $2500 from April to July.
Wells-Fargo shipped through their of
fice last year, from Petaluma 11,000 cases
of eggs and 6000 boxes of butter, and the
Petaluma Express Company is handling
more than 100 cases per day. . ;c -.j*
The best r argument as to profits Is the
fact that everybody in the town is in the
poultry; business in some form, and they
all stay, in it and enlarge each year.' The
average profit per hen Is $1 to $1 53 Ret
per annum. One man about three miles
from Petaluma has succeeded by special
care, neatness and good selection of fowls,
in making his hens pay a trifle over £2
each ' per annum.
If the eggshells were only as valuable
as the eggs what a duplicate store of
riches would accrue to many. The in
cubators leave behind them a vast num
ber of shells, which are carted away by
the wagon load for use- in the tanneries,
or are crushed and fed to their near rela
tives, the chicks. Perhaps the biggest
wagon load on record was made by the
shells left by 45,000 chicks hatched by in
cubator. Encased in wire netting they re
sembled a case of huge popcorn.
The average poultry ranch is of about
ten acres, on which can be kept 1500 hens,
with plenty of room for a horse and to
raise kale and cabbage for dry season
food for the chickens, and plenty of bar
ley.
One of the biggest income producers
near Petaluma is the Freeman ranch at
Fallon, with 7000 hens, bringing in $30 per
day.. The Strantz brothers, known' as the
most progressive paultrymen, having the
prettiest ranch in the surrounding coun
try; with over 1500 thoroughbred white
Leghorns, make $20 net per day. The
Purvine brothers have among them the
largest poultry interests of the county,
perhaps, there being seven or eight of the
brothers, each having a ranch with from
S000 to 6000 hens. The farm of W. Purvine
contains 313 acres. A few people go in
for fancy breeds, but there is practically
no one engaged in raising table fowl to
any extent. H. R. Campbell makes a spe
cialty of barred Plymouth Rocks and ha3
come of the finest in Sonoma County.
Many 'poultrymen make a -specialty of
hatching by the thousand, to sell to.
others to keep up their,- flocks. In 1880
much wheat was shipped from Petaluma;
now twice the quantity • is shipped into
the town to be sold for chicken feed. Te»
years ago anything could be sold for
feed; now the demand Is for choice mill
ing wheat. The dealers buy in immenso
quantities" and can sell law.
It may be said that the Petaluma hen
practically lays .'her egg on. Front street.
San Francisco. • •
By- the steamer Gold cases of eggs are
delivered in San Francisco every day to
dealers and the empty cases returned to
Petaluma for 20 cents per case. This, is
less than the cartage would be from the
ferry to the buyer in San Francisco. Tha
dealers'; aim is to make one-half to one
cent per dozen on eggs"shipped. The pro
ducer gets the balance. Eggs marked
"Petaluma" . readily bring five cents per
dozen - more than those, from other
sections. Petaluma eggs keep bet
ter than • others in cold.- storage,
and - the big plant run ; there by
Dodge, Sweeney & Co. Is no small help to
the poultryman. The ■ company . is now
shipping seventy-five or eighty cases per
day. and last year in competition shut out
17,000 cases of Eastern storage eggs from
the San Francisco market. The storage
room, of this. company In Petaluma will
accommodate . 10,000 cases of eggs.
Though many broilers are marketed In
San Francisco every year from Petaluma.
yet- 247 carloads of poultry came
into the San Francisco market from
the East last year, with • from.
6000 to 6000 fowls In a car. which,
would suggest that some one might
make a< 'profitable specialty of ta
ble fowl raising in this town of Sonoma
County. When San Francisco needs a big
order,- of: eggs and poultry at once for
shipment to * Honolulu or for any other
purpose Petaluma is drawn upon at ad
vanced prices.
The difference in the cost of transporta
tion and the certainty of best values in
Petaluma' as compared to other more
remote,' or not so naturally favored local
ities, amounts to the saving of an enor
mous tax. Figure It on a medium sized
ranch, one 'that sells six cases of eggs
per week and saves say 'ten cents per
case on his freight and gets one cent per
dozen more lor eggs than is paid for the
product of other sections for a run of
say ten years.
One half a" million of hens within a ra
case on freizht and gets one cent per
ter fed and give the egg collector a
chance oftener than in any other known
spot. Truly, Feialuma and vicinity must'
be the ideal hennery of the world.
1920
THE SUNDAY CALL.Pages 21 to 32
VOLUME XCI.— NO 8.
MARIN'S ANTIQUATED NARROW-GAUGE RAILROAD
WILL BE CONVERTED INTO AN ELECTRIC LINE
PUTS A NEW
MEANING INTO
THE DOCTRINE
Roosevelt's Interpreta
of Monroe's Stand Dif
fers From Others.
Disfavors Land Grabbing by
One Republic at Expense
of Another.
United States Has Never ilade Any
Alliance With. Any Other Amer
ican'State on the Sub
ject of Aggression.
Specie! Dispatch to The Call.
' CALL. BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
'TT, WASHINGTON, Dec 7.— President
Roosevelt's remarks on the Monroe doc
trine In his nessage to Congress are re
garded here as an announcement that the
Monroe doctrine will hereafter be Inter
preted as discouraging and disfavoring
territorial aggrandizement by one repub
lic at the expense of another.
This Interpretation has aroused much
Interest among public men and diplomats,
and efforts have been made to ascertain
just what the President did mean by l^s
declaration.
"It is not." said a Cabinet officer, "a
declaration on the part of the President
that the United States will not permit any
aggression by any one American, power
upon territory of another. It Is" a declara
tion that this Government would regard
with great concern and great disfavor any
conquest cf an American power by an
cther American power. It does not mean
that the United States will form an alli
ance with a weaker power to prevent its
conquest with a stronger one."
Senator Lodge, a member of the Senate
Foreign Relations Committee, who lis
tened to the statement, approved the in
terpretation given, adding, "The declara
tion simply repeats the traditional , and
uniform 'policy of this country. It Is nof
a new departure."
3oosevelt's Interpretation Hew.
Nevertheless, an examinaion of former
Presidents' messages shows no such in
terpretation as given by President Roose
velt. These positions have been hitherto
taken with respect to the Monroe doc
trine:
The declarations upon which Monroe
consulted Jefferson and his Cabinet relat
ed to the interposition of European pow
ers in affairs of American states.
The kind of interposition declared
against was that which may be made for
the purpose of controlling their political
affairs or cf extending to this hemisphere
the system In operation upon the conti
nent of Europe by which great powers
CSerclse control over the affairs of other
European states.
The declarations do not Intimate any
course of conduct to be pursued in case
cf such interposition, but merely say they
/ Tould be considered as dangerous to our
peace and safety, and as "manifestation
of an unfriendly disposition toward the
United States," which it would be im
possible for us to "behold with indiffer
ence," thus leaving the nation to act at
all times as Its opinion of Its policy or
duty might require.
The United States has never made any
alliance with or pledge to any other
American state en the subject corered by
the declarations.
No Prohibition by Monroe.
Declaration respecting non-colonization
was a subject distinct from European In
tervention with American states and re
lated to the acquisition of sovereign title
by any European power by new and orig
inal occupation or colonization. The
principle of public law upon which It was
placed was that the continent must be
considered as already within the occu
pation and jurisdiction of an Independent
civilized nation.
There Is nothing In the message of
President Monroe which refers in any
way to the relations of Spanish-American
states or the Imposition or any prohibi-
tion upon them to extend their respective
territories. President Monroe asserted
ltfat."it is stiil the true policy of the
Ty:ited States to leave the parties (Spain
and the South American States) to them
selves, In the hope that other powers will
pursue the same course."
President Grant, in his second annual
message, paved the way for President
Roosevelt's utterance by declaring that
"allied and other republics of Spanish
origin on this continent may see In this
fact a new proof of our sincere Interest
In their welfare, of our desire , to see
them blessed with good governments cap
able of maintaining order and of preserv
ing their respective territorial Integrity."
Little Bepublics Protest.
In Pan-American diplomatic circles
great importance Is attached to Roose
velt's declaration. One diplomat stated
that it meant nothing less than an" an
nouncement cf the purpose of the Wash
ington Government to direct the foreign
policies of the American republics.
"The Monroe doctrine," he said, "de
fined foreign policies of American repub
yc» crlth respect to Europe. The doctrine
pTSLauIgated by Roosevelt tells us that
we will not be allowed to take the fruits
of war provided they be in the shape of
territory. If Brazil and Argentina were
to become involved in a war under Roose
velt's policy the conqueror would'not be
The San Francisco Call.
REAR ADMIRAL SAMPSON
NOW CONSIDERED TO BE
IN VERY FEEBLE HEALTH
While There Has Been No Marked Change
His Chances for Withstanding Seri
ous Strain Are Slight.
ONE OF THE PRINCIPALS IN A CELEBRATED NAVAL CONTRO
VERSY WHOSE FAILING HEALTH. CONTINUES TO CAUSE GREAT
CONCERN AMONG HIS RELATIVES AND FRIENDS
WSHINGTON, Dec' 7.— It is
authoritatively stated that
there has been no marked
change for the worse In the
condition of Rear Admiral
'allowed to permanently occupy territory
of the conauered.
"In the case of Chile this is particularly
unjust. She is progressive and Industri
ous. Her country Is now too small for
her population and expansion Is necessary •
if she Is to become a great power. Presi
dent Roosevelt, however, steps in and
says she cannot acquire additional ter
ritory. Does his doctrine apply to the
Tacna-Arlca dispute? Is Chile to be com
pelled to surrender provinces which she
has held as compensation for her ex
penses during the war with Peru?
Permanence of Small Nations.
"Carrying out the policy of Roosevelt,
in case Costa Rica and Colombia become
Involved in war, an appeal from Costa
Rica will result in the Interference of
th« United States, because of Roosevelt's
purpose to secure the permanence of the
lesser among the new world of nations."
Senor Silva, the Colombian Minister,
said Roosevelt's declaration was certain
ly a new Interpretation of the Monroe
doctrine. "The Idea Roosevelt probably
had In mind," he continued, "was to dis
arm the suspicion unhappily harbored by
some South Americans that the United
States still contemplates expansion at the
expense of South American republics. He
undoubtedly designed to tighten the bonds
existing between Pan-American nations,
and to this end he gave utterance to
statements certain to inspire confidence
and trust in the country which has al
ways been our friend. Roosevelt's decla
ration is new, and it Is important, but I
am unable to state what Its effect will
be."
Court-Martial Verdicts Confirmed
WASHINGTON, Dec. 7.— The records in
the courtmartlal cases involving officers
who have been convicted of bribery in
the Philippines, in connection with the
opening of hemp ports, have been pub
lished. In the case of Captain Michael
K. Spellman, Forty-third Volunteer In
fantry, the sentence of expulsion from
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1901— FORTY-FOUR PAGES.
W. T. Sainpson. However, he is in very
feeble health and his chances for with
standing' any serious strain on hls-vlltal-
Ity are said to be slight.- - • • ,
the Bervicp and two years' Imprisonment
is confirmed, with the exception that the
imprisonment is limited to one year. The
cases of Captain Dudley Welch, assistant
surgeon, 1'orty-third Infantry, sentenced
to dismissal, and First Lieutenant Del
bert-R. Jones, same command, charged
with disobedience in connection with
hemp frauds and sentenced to dismissal
and two years' imprisonment, also have
been approved. j
QUICK DROP IN SILVER
CAUSES A STAGNATION
Mexican Purchasers of United. States
Whei.t Are Sure to Be Heavy
• Losers.
AUSTIN, Tex., bee. 7.— It was stated
to-day by traffic officials of the Texas
railroads leading to the Mexican border
that the xeraarkable decline in Mexican
silver has caused almost a complete sus
pension of importations from the United
States into that country. Many large
orders for mining, agricultural and other
machinery placed in this country for
shipment to Mexico have been counter
manded. „
The droj> in the price of silver was so
sudden thl'it many of the Mexican pur-
Chasers of United States wheat will suf
fer heavy losses, as they bought the grain
on a gold iibligation and will have to sell
the product on a silver basis. No more
orders for wheat will be placed until the
situation Usiproves.
Army Board Concludes Session.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 7.— The board of
high ranking army officers, headed by
Lieutenant-General Miles, which has been
holding daily session at the War Depirt
ment in the consideration of the Import
ant work Intrusted to it of reorganizing
the present system of army posts, pre
paring a plan for the location of four per
manent camping grounds and other mat
ter already outlined, adjourned to-d*v
and will probably not convene again until
January 10, 1902.
GREED LEADS
TO CLEARING
OF MYSTERY
Grass Valley Officers
Find Missing Man's
Body.
Pay Sum in Gold for Informa
tions-Resulting in the
Discovery.
Charles Allen Tinder Arrest for the
Murder of Joseph Griffith, Who
Disappeared in April
of This Year.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GRASS VALLEY, Dec. 7.— Joseph Grif
fith, the Grass Valley citizen who disap
peared from his home on April 15 of this
year and was not heard from again there
after, was murdered, 'tils bodj^ was
found to-day at the bottom of an aban
doned mine shaft, where it had lain dur
ing all the months while the relatives of
the missing man were prosecuting an ex
haustive search for trace of him. To
night Charles Allen is in the custody of
the Sheriff, charged with the crime. It
was through a relative of his that the
body of the murdered man was recov
ered, its hiding place being revealed upon
the payment of a stated sum by the
widow.
This sordid desire for money may result
in the hanging of Griffith's slayer. Al
len's relative had asked what he might
expect if he showed the exact spot where
the body lay. He was offered $100, but
this was not enough. He demanded $200,
with $50 for the woman who gave him his
information. After consultation with the
widow of Griffith it was decided to pay
the man the sum he asked and all ar
rangements were made for the transfer
of the money upon the finding of the
body. " . > '.'■" ? ;■.'• .■ •,.•;■ !
Following the receipt of the money he
demanded the relative of Allen gave di
rections as to how the -body could be
found. The descent into the shaft was
made by William . Curry and John Hock
ing, who found the remains. The body
was covered with brush, tin- cans and
other refuse matt***- The head had been
severed. The body was fully clothed and
the clothing and shoes were recognized
by the relatives. The shaft was fifty feet
deep.
ylt was In Charles Allen's house that
Griffiths was last seen alive, and Mrs.
Allen's stories in relation to his visit
have been conflicting. To the members
of the missing man's family she said that
she had last seen Griffiths at' 7 o'clock on
the morning of April 15, while to Sheriff
Getcheil she said she had seen him at 4
o'clock that afternoon. Although . this
variation caused comment at the time, It
was not deemed of sufficient Importance
to connect the woman or her husband
with the disappearance. - ,
The secret of the crime came to light
through the women of the neighborhood
discussing it among themselves. At the
outset knowledge of the tragedy. was con
fined to two or three persons. One woman
confided in a friend, and in this manner
the facts came to the ears of Marshal
Deeble and John Hocking. Having as
their clew only a word dropped in an un
guarded moment they eventually came
to believe that Charles Allen had some
connection with the crime, and it was
while they were keeping him under sur
veillance that the offer to reveal the hid
ing place the body was made. The
shaft Into which the murdered man was
cast is back of Allen's house.
An inquest was commenced to-night,
Allen being the principal witness. He
denied guilt, but was very nervous.
OVERPOWER THE GUARDS
AND LYNCH THE NEGRO
Louisiana Men Hang Their Prisoner
Almost in Front of a
. . Courthouse.
LAKE CHARLES, La., Dec. 7.— Saul
Poydras, a negro who cut Chief Deputy
Sheriff Richard and his wife seriously
with a razor Thursday night, was arrest
ed yesterday near Walsh, twenty miles
east of this city.
Poydras was brought here and the offi
cers were about to lodge hlirf In the par
ish prison when a mob overpowered the
guards, took charge of the prisoner and
hanged him to an electric light pole, a few
rods from the courthouse. The lynching
occurred about 2 o'clock this morning.
State Department May Appeal.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 7.— The legal offi
cers of the State Department are looking
Into an application made by. the family of
Miss Eastwick, the American girl confined
In London after conviction of having
raised a stock certificate. The purpose of
the applicant is to have the department
appeal to the British Foreign Office In
Miss ■ Eastwlck's .behalf. They have pre-'
sented an overwhelming mass of testi
mony to show that the girl has in the past
been subject to fits of derangement, ren
dering her irresponsible, and it is asserted
she is at present in that condition.
Shoots Three Oklahoma Hen.
WICHITA, Kans.. Dec. 7.— At Granite,
O.\T., to-night Sam Pepper shot Rush
Arbry, Leonard McDonald and Tom Thur
man. The two latter are fatally wounded.
The cause of .the trouble could not ' be
learned. f .' . ' ■ • •
HAY FLATLY REFUSES
TO DIVULGE SECRETS
OF STATE DEPARTMENT
Fruitless Attempt Is Made to Compel the
Secretary to Give Testimony in a
New York Libel Suit.
MEMBER OF THE CABINET WHO REFUSES TO BE BLUFFED BY AT
TORNEYS IN A LIBEL SUIT AND MAY ' BE CITED BY A NEW
YORK* JUDGE FOR CONTEMPT OF COURT.
_ __ -WASHINGTON, Dec. 7.— There
>\y\ / was an interesting; and un-
VLf yy usual proceeding to-day
» » the State Department, when
attorneys representing parties
to a New York lawsuit sought to compel
the testimony of Secretary Hay. The case
was an action for libel brought against a
New York newspaper by Carl Fischer
Hansen, a Danish banker; resident In New
York, and in it Is Involved Captain Dirk-
felt Christmas. These persons were said
to be interested as agents in the attempt
to sell the Danish West Indian islands to
the United Government, and the
publication which forms the basis for the
libel suit Is said to have, reflected oh their
competency. . .
, No Personal Knowledge.
Some days ago Secretary Hay had notlco
that his testimony had been called for
by the defense before the United States
Court in New York, and to-day Clarence
J. Hearn, counsel for the newspaper in
question, appeared at the State Depart
ment with United States Commissioner
Frank Blackistone of this, city, and a
stenographer. Robert Honey of New
York appeared as counsel ; for Hansen.
The parties were : received .by Secretary.
Hay in the diplomatic room, the Secretary
being accompanied by Judge j Penflcld,
solicitor for the State Department, as his
counsel. . /
The examination did not last long; in
fact, there was no examination In sub
stance. The counsel for the newspaper
attempted to propound some "questions
touching the 4 negotiations that occurred
between Secretary Hay and the Danish
agents In 1899-1900/ The Secretary flatly
refused to answer these and through
Judge Penneld announced his reasons for
doing so— that he had no personal knowl
edge of the . matters at issue. •■ Whatever
knowledge j he possessed had been ac
quired in his capacity of Secretary of
State, and' not ■ as an' individual. More
over, the information sought to be elicit
ed was a privileged communication to the
Government of , the United States and to
make this public would be highly preju
dlclal^to the Interests of the country. .
■May Be 1 Cited for Contempt..
Having formally noted the Secretary's
refusal and the character of his answer,
the Commissioner and counsel withdrew.
It is their purpose to state the facts to
the New York court, with a view to_hav
ing the Secretary of State brought before
that court on a charge of contempt.
It appears that the same parties have
examined or- sought to examine Senator
Lodge and Admiral Bradford, chief of the
Equipment Bureau of the Navy Depart
ment, who has had much to do with the
negotiations looking to' the acquisition of
coaling stations by the United States
Government.
It Is gathered that neither of these wit
nesses gave *• any j testimony material to
the suit, Senator Lodge, It is said, never
having, heard of Hansen, and Admiral
Bradford being acquainted with none of
the facts sought to be developed by the
defense as bearing upon the alleged libel.
Secretary Hay had had very little to
Jo wit^ the parties in this case. He saw
Captain Christmas for about five minutes
on the occasion, of the officer's visit to
Washington,- but Hansen he ■ does not
know. The officials of the State Depart
ment feel secure in their position in re
sistance " to the court's order, finding
strong precedent for It in a controversy
that "arose . between President Jefferson
and 'Chief Justice Marshall over a similar
application for a mandamus. '•
Commerce of the Philippines.
Dec. 7.— A comparative
statement of the commerce of the Philip
pine ; Islands for the fiscal year 1901 and
1900, prepared In the division of Insular
affairs .of . the War Department, shows
that, the .total value of merchandise im
ported during the fiscal year 1901 was
$30,279,406, as against {20.601,436 for -the fis
cal year 1900, and the total value of mer
chandise exported during the fiscal year
1901 Was $23,214,948, as against $19,751,068
for. the.' fiscal year 1900,' an increase of 47
per cent in the value of Imports and an
increase j of 17& per cent in the value of
exports. , •• . r' s
Lives Are Lost in 'a Lake.
WINNIPEG, Manitoba, Dec." 7.— Two In
dians, one Englishman and two Iceland
ers, their names not given, met death to
day by" drowning in Lake Winnipeg. A
storm had been raging and made the ice
treacherous.
Pages 21 to 32
PRICE FIVE CEXTS.
AND TRAINS
TO BE RUN
California Gas and Elec
tric Company Will
/ Control.
Giant Corporation Will Make
Rapid Transit the First
Object
Surveying Party Already in the Field
to Establish Lines for the
Transmission <A*
Power.
The recently incorporated California Gaa
and Electric Company, with its capitaliza
tion of $30,000,000, is well on the way to
ward the consummation of a deal that
means the speedy development of Marln
County as a suburban residence section
and probably its ultimate connection with
the counties to the north and east DV a
network of electric railroads. The young
giant of California corporations will ab
sorb the North Pacific Coast Railroad,
commonly known as the "narrow gauge
road," and will at once convert it into an
electric road. Fast ferry-boat service will
be supplied, and the residents of San Ra
fael, Ross Station, Mill Valley and other
favorite town in California's "Switzer
land" will be given up-to-date rapid tran
sit, with electric cars or trains of cars
running as close together as the patron
age will Justify.
Papers will be filed within a few days
that will insure the control of the rail
road by the Interests dominant in the
new electric light and power corporation.
Already a surveying party is in the field,
having started from San Rafael, to es
tablish the most practicable lines for tha
transmission of power from the Yuba and
other sources controled formerly by the
Bay Counties Power Company and the
California Central Gas and Electric Com
pany, now merged Into one and strength
ened by the union of Eastern with Cali
fornia capital.
Electricity to Be Motive Power.
The entire railroad, from Sausalito to
San Rafael and San Quentln, from tha
junction to Mill Valley, and from San
Anselmo northward some eighty miles to
Cazadero, will be converted Into an elec
tric railway. First attention, of course,
will be directed to giving the section pop
ulated by San Franciscans, who have
built country homes among the redwoods
of Marin, the best possible service, with
fast boats making numerous trips and
comfortable ' electric cars or trains run
ning at short intervals and carrying the
commuters to and from their homes with
out the vexatious delays and discomforts
and great waste of time that have oper
ated to check the development of & re
gion fitted by nature to be the Ideal of
suburban residence districts.
Sausalito, Corte Madera, Ross station.
Mill Valley, San Rafael— all these and
others have climate and natural beauty.
Beautiful country homes have been built
on oak-studded hillsides and In shady,
canyons. Farther up the railroad are
dozens of popular summer resorts. To
all— the residence towns and resorts—the
conversion of tha antiquated narrow
gauge road into a modern electric railway
means a new era. And by San Francis
cans who have homes In Marln tha news
of the prospective change will be re
ceived Joyfully.
Extension to Petaluma.
The first extension of tributary lines,
reaching Into the territory In which tha
new corporation controls the power and
lighting systems, -will be from San Rafael
to Petaluma. It 13 understood that one
of the duties of the surveying party now
in the field is to make a preliminary sur
vey for such a line.
Some of the leading men among the
California stockholders of the new Cali
fornia Gas and Electric Company are
among the heavy stockholders of the
North Pacific Coast Railroad. J. C. Cole
man Is a director, and one of the large
stockholders of the railroad, and he has
already subscribed $30,000 in the stock of
the new corporation.
The p^clse nature of the deal Is still
kept secret between the two corporations.
It is believed, however, that enough pur
chases of stock have been made, together
with the affiliation of certain stockhold
ers of the railroad with the new corpora
tion, to give the gas and electric company
interests complete control. A change in
management will be involved and the
smaller stockholders who recently ; tried
to oust J. B. Stetson from his position of
president and general manager will now
doubtless have their wishes gratified. The
reorganized road will of necessity be
placed under the management of a man
familiar with the operations of electric
railroads.
The Nor^h Pacific Coast Railroad is
owned practically by ten stockholders,
four of whom have the large part of the
15,000. shares of the corporation's stock.
These are J. B. Stetson. Antoine Borel,
John C. Coleman and the Parrott estate.
Borel has not been friendly to the Stet
son management and his encouragement
and support and Coleman's Interest In the
new gas and electric corporation have
doubtless been* Important factors In tha
deal that will end in the absorption of
Continued on Page Twenty-Three.22
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A LARGE STOCK
RICH
HOLIDAY GOODS.
Night Robes
Neck Dress
Gloves
Underwear
Shirts
Hosiery
Handkerchiefs
Pajama Suits
Umbrellas, Etc.
MESON & CO.,
748-T5O Market St.,
242 Montgomery St.
tSTRICTLT RELIABLE
Dr. Talcott
& LO.
DISEASES AND
WEAKNESS OF
Men Only
Consultation Free.
CONTRACTED. DISORDERS.
UNDER THE TREATMENT PURSUED BE-
fcr» irrigations were established, six weeks
wu deemed the duration of an acute contracted
dlaorder. If It proceeded beyond six weeks It
tutkB considered to have gone Into a chronio
condition. From statistics compiled from our
practice in the past five years, covering over
€500 cases, we can show that 90 per cent of our
patients nave recovered In fourteen days or
less. It Is, therefore, equally proper to hold
that a case not entirely cured within two
weeks must be considered a chronic one. and
some complication has arisen for which the
patient should see a specialist. We invite free
consultation on this tubject end offer an ex-
-perlence of over twenty years; In fact, we 'can
positively assert that we have never failed to
cure In a single Instance.
All Varicocclcs Should Be Cured
Varlcocele U an enlargement of the mott
vital blood vessels in man. The function of
these velnt 1« to carry off waste, thus enabling
the organs to receive fresh nutrition. , The dis-
ease consists of a dilation and local stagnation
of blood, from which the organs are deprived
of their proper quantity and quality of nour-
ishment. Varlcocele Is a very common dis-
order. Statistics show that 25 per cent of the
male population are afflicted with nome stage
of the disease. We emphatically guarantee to
cure varlcocele in one week at our office, or
four weeks of home treatment. We have cured
over 8000 cases without a eingrle failure or un-
pleasant result. We mean by a cure, re-
establishment of nutrition of the organ, and its
function will be restored. We have shown this
result eo often and can refer to eo many cases
In proof ' of this statement that we make it
without hesitation or reserve. We Invite cor-
respondence and the fullest investigation of
our methods.
997 Market St., Cor. 6th.
Cubans Have a Grievance.
HAVANA, Dec. 7.— Pierre Fidel left
Havana to-day fcr "Washington to present
to the authorities there the grievances of
the supporters of General Maso as a can
didate tor the Presidency of Cuba. One
oX the complaints he will make is that
the central board of canvassers, which is
composed exclusively of Senor Estrada
Palma'e supporters, are not complying
with the laws. Secretary Root will be
asked to appoint a new board with a
Maso representative and a request will
be made that new provincial boards be
appointed and that the election be post
poned until January 1 in order that the
desired reforms may be brought about.
NEW TORK. Dec 7.— Lady Pauncefote. wife
of the British Embassador to the United States,
aad her daughter, the Hon. Sybyl Pauncefote,
arrived from England to-day on board the
steamer St. Paul.
m Xmas PerfuineryA
Jfo -Special-- sale at the O w I $h
jm Every lady who cares for choice and dainty perfumes and toilet 'yffa
fjfiC* luxuries, superior to the common kinds sold in most stores, should {Ma\
jhJSs b e interested in the special sale prices at the Owl this week. /?*
aI^v Jicky the Latest Parisian Perfume Roger and Gallet's French Perfumes -$c\
jvy\ Gnerlain's Extract Jicky, -3 oz. bottle $i-7S Peau de Espagne, 1^ oz. bottle £..90 )Bf>\i
y^£\> Gucrkin's Extract Jicky, 5 02. bottle 2.75 Pcau de Espagne, 2 oz. bottle 1.50 I j>j
i^KV PinamTs Carnation Pink, 1^02. bottle 1.50 Pcau de Espagne, 17 oz. bottle 8.25 fwrS,
JXKV R c y na J| s E^act Grecian Violet, 1 oz. bot. .75 Violette de Parmc, 1 U oz. bottle '75 V^i^
YJl N Keynal s Extract Grecian Violet, 2 oz.bot. 1.25 Vcra Violetta 1^ oz. bottle 100 > fk.
J&X |* e y Dal ' $ Extract Grecian Violet, 4 oz. bot. 2.50 Violette de Parmc/ 2 oz. bottle i' 2 c '/ & R\
jAr5 1? * Ex - L * T refleIncarntte, i^oz.bot. 1.25 Vcra Violetta, 2 oz, bottle t'co l*t 1
L.LcgrandeEssVioletteduCzir,ii^ozboti.25 Iris Blanc, 1 oz. bottle 100 VSS
jf>\ Reynal s Ex. Pcau de Espagne, i^foz bot .75 Heliotrope Blanc, ,5/ oz. bottle 1.00 jQAw
ink » 1." w de Es P*Z° c > 2 oz " bot ' l '°° HcUotrbpe Blanc, 2 oz. bottle i.eo !£&**
<£v Keynal t Extract Violette, 2 oz. bottle 1. 00 Bouquet de Amours, \j( oz. bottle ' 1.0b '!jt|\
JX^ Violet's {Ve*o.lay) Vera Rosa, 1 # oz. bottle V^ ${\A\
/5.A- Amber Royal, 1 1^ oz. bottle 1.25 Opoponax, 11J oz. bottle i.oo--. {A£^
Amber Royal, 2 oz. bottle 1.50 Indian Hay, 1^ oz. bottle 1. 00 JJkS
JJkL* Extra Violette, 1 J^ oz. bottle . 1.25 Indian Hay, 2 oz. bottle I. co f9x\
Extra Cytise, 1 }4 oz. bottle i 1.25 Indian Hay, 4 oz. bottle 2. 50 "\^W
jkPv Extra Cytise, 2 oz. bottle i. 5 o . Indian Hay, 17 oz. bottle 8.25 *9 '
/jjjx E *ta Chypre, 1% oz. bottle 1.25 Chypre, ii{ oz. bottle 1.00 Ma\
Tg£Y Extra Chypre, 2 oz. bottle i. 5 o Celtis, 1 j( oz. bottle 1. 00 J^W
m The Owl Drug Company W
#|Of 1 128 market btreet^ S a n F r a n c i s c o ($£*
■/jO\ Broadway and Tenth Street Oakland Cal r ww
NEWS FROM THE CAPITALS OF EUROPE
FEARS ADVANCE
OF UNCLE SAM
English Editor Advises
an Alliance With
Germany.
Bitter Article Against the
United States Appears ■ '
in London.
LONDON,' Dec. 7.— In an intensely bit
ter anti-American article,, the Saturday
Review to-day advocates German-Eng
lish friendship for the purpose of holding
the United States In check. Emperor
William, it declares, sees in the growing
German population of Chile and Brazil
the inevitable necessity for future inter
ference, which, "In any form, involves a
conflict with the United States."
This, the Saturday Review holds, It Is
impossible for Germany to wage success
fully if Great Britain is hostile. "While
not advocating an alliance with Germany
against the United States," the Review
says, "we advocate still less one with the
United States against Germany. But in
the event of a conflict we might, with ad
vantage to ourselves, hold the balance."
The Saturday Review stigmatizes Ger
many's rewarding Nicaragua and other
matters as fatuous, ridiculous and unpop
ular.
How English opinion differs, however,
ADVE3TISE1OENTS. »^ *
USED HABITUALLY
KEEPS OFF THE
Persons who take "77" habitually never
have a severe attack of Grip, and so are
not among the wrecks caused by this in-
sidious disease.
"77" breaks up Coughs, ColdsrGrip, Ca-
tarrh, Influenza, Bronchitis and Sore
Throat by restoring: the checked circula-
tion, starting the blood coursing through
the veins— relieving the congestion— giving
• the liver, heart and lungs a chance to act.
Take "77" early and persistently to get
the best results.
At all Druggists 25 cents, or mailed on receipt
of price. DOCTOR'S BOOK MAILED FREE.
Humphrey's Homeopathic Medicine Co., Cor-
ner William and John Streets, New York.
can be judged from to-day's Spectator,
which devotes its chief article to advo
cating a closer understanding with Rus
sia, in order to head oft Germany, from
whom, It declares, it is impossible for
Great Britain to expect friendliness, add
ing:
"A German alliance is the least stable
ground on which we can lay the founda
tions of foreign policy."
Railroads Find New Employes.
PITTSBURG, Dec. 7.— All Plttsburg rail
roads that were affected by the strike of
the switchmen now have the full number
of crews at work and the officials say
that so far as they are concerned the
etrike is at an end. The officials of the
switchmen's organization assert that all
the men who went out on the general
strike order have remained loyal and say
they will keep up the fight.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAX.L, SUNDAY. DECEMBER 8, 1901.
BY. CABLE TO THE CALL.
GERMANS WILL
FIGHT TARIFF
Opposition Leaders Plan
to Del ay Action on
a. Bill.
Russia and Austria May Suffer
From Proposed Leg-
islation.
BERLIN, Dec. 7.— The tariff bill goes
to the committee next week and nobody
expects its reappearance for months.
Bebel and Richter and other opposition
leaders have agreed to delay the measure
as long as possible in committee. They
are determined to make a light on every
one of the items. This well worn form
of preliminary action is to be continued
in the House after it leaves the commit
tee, and it is «f*rtte' possible that the final
vote will not be read until 1903, unless the
Government offers a. compromise, which
is unlikely. The Government, being aware
of the dilatory tactics ahead, is consider
ing changing the rules of the House so
as to block the obstructive work of the
opposition.
A variety of estimates of the majority
for or against the bill are being consid
ered. The general impression is that the
Government commands a large majority.
It is not the United States that would be
concerned should the tariff bill be put
through in its present form, but Russia
and Austria-Hungary. It is the belief of
the Foreign Office that Germany is well
able to uphold her side should the United
states make reprisals.
Russia and Austria -Hungary have al
ready informed Germany that they are
not willing to negotiate commercial
treaties on the basis of the pending tariff.
These notifications are considered equiva
lent to the declaration of an economic
war, in which the broad markets now
open to Germany will . immediately be
closed and the considerable volume of
United States products now finding its
way to Russia through German traders
would in consequence be excluded with
German goods.
The manager of the American Tool
Company's works in Berlin has made a
remarkable comparison of the wages paid
and the cost of tools made here with the.
wages paid and the cost of tools at the
American works, both sets of laborers
using identical machines. He finds that
the American workman, making an exact
allowance for the difference in wages,
turns out a clear 25 per cent more of
product for the same unit of wages. Man
for man, the German produces two-fifths
of what an American does. A shoe fac
tory at Breslau, using American machin
ery, secured better results by importing
eight American workmen and ! paying
them by the piece. »
The debate on- the tariff bill 'was re
sumed in the Reichstag to-day. Baron
von Wangenheim, Conservative, declared
that the proposals of Count von Kanitz,
the Agrarian leader, were the only ones
which would give relief, and that sooner
or later- recourse would have to be had
to them. The speaker added that if in
creased protection was rejected the Con
servatives would not vote for the bill.
Theatrical Affairs in London.
LONDON, Dec. 7.— The theatrical pro
gramme of the next few weeks is given
over almost entirely to Christmas plays.
"The Silver Slipper," whlch^has run 200
nights at the Lyric, and "San Toy," with
its uninterrupted run of two years at
Daly's, will both be withdrawn next week.
The new opera at Daly's ■will not be ready
for about a month. After. "Kitty Gray,"
at the Apollo, Charles Frohman, by ar
rangement with George Edwardes. will
produce "Three Little Maids." Sousa's
success here has exceeded all expectations.
He has now arranged with Philip York,
his recent English manager, to return
here June 26 for a season.
Antarctic Expedition Sails.
CAPE TOWN. Dec. 7.— The steamer
Gauss, bearing the German Antarctic ex
pedition, headed by .Professor von Dry
galsky. which sailed from Kiel, August 11,
and arrived here about two weeks ago,
after much anxiety as to her safety had
been aroused, proceeded to-day for the
Antarctic 1 regions.
ROYAL RAIMENT
WILL DAZZLE
King Edward Decides
Upon Coronation
Robe Desges
Thre9 Thousand Precious
Stones in the Monarch's
Crown.
LONDON, Dec. 7.— The designs of the
coronation robes have been decided upon.
King Edward will wear a cloth of gold
under a jacket embroidered with palm
branches and the shamrock, rose and
thistle. On the King's stole the cross of
St. George, the royal crown and the rose,
shamrock and thistle will be woven In
f°™ thread - Hls ca Pe will be a niagnifl
1^}Iarment, decorated with silver eagles
and fleur de lis and the national floral em-
ii*?,. Q Vu en wln wear robes almost slm
xiHii kL t i? ose of Queen Adelaide. They
?"L b « bro U g ht to Marlborough Housa
«« To. , rodle Castle, where they are kept
«r P fn rl °° m ?; In s P ite of their age. they
h[»ow e . XCe . llent condition. They are of
»ifi^ v f Ivet manufactured in hand looms,
fnt b °^ e L y , embroidered andi^aced, hav
ing si trimmIn & s ajid with flnge hang-
h 2 coronation rites will last four
S; B A | te r the sacrament has been ad-
K™ 8 ' 6^. to me King he will discard
rSbes vestments and put on his state
°Y.f o r precious stones-diamonds,
Lin I' ,\ es l sa PPbires and emeralds-
Thl 1 < n Cluded in tne King's crown.
™ re ,^» be 1360 pure white diamonds
r, n &> », ro 2 e d 'amonds. The historic
Sia y i«- v P the Kin& of Castile gave the
Black Prince in 1367, and which subse
quently was worn by Henry V at Agin
?« /L • 2 the center of the crown, placed
in the heart of a Maltese cross.
PRINCE AS OBATOR
PLEASES THE BRITISH
Utterances of the Son of Edward
Raise Him in Public Es
timation.
LONDON, Dec. 7.— The evolution of the
Prince of Wales from a sailor Into an
orator causes more comment and satis
faction than any event of the week. His
Guildhall speech was perfectly free from
that platitudinous element usually no
ticeable in royal utterances in England.
His declaration that the old country must
wake up if it wants to hold its own al
most took his hearers' breath away, but
it has produced in all sections of the press
praise quite untainted by servility.
It is probable that the Prince was 1 not
entirely responsible for the construction
of the speech, as he used copious notes,
let his delivery, earnestness and willing
ness to commit himself to such senti
ments have raised him higher In the esti
mation of the people than any previous
action. Indeed, several of the papers de
clared that the elocution of Lord Salis
bury, Lord Rosebery and Chamberlain
fell quite flat after the Prince of Wales'
effort.
_•- Unquestionably the best speech deliv
ered at the breakfast," is the Spectator's
comment. The Saturday Review says:
He used his opportunity by saying things
of distinct political import, conventional
propriety being none me less punctilious
ly saved."
BRITONS FEAR FALL. .
OF THE IRON INDUSTRY
Statist Advises the Importation cf
Ore From Newfoundland and
Nova Scotia.
LONDON, Dec. 7.— Under the caption,
"Crisis in the British Iron Industry," the
Statist to-day, after expiating upon the
enormous developments in this line in the
United States to the detriment of Great
Britain, earnestly advocates the import
ing of ore from Newfoundland and Nova
Scotia and the establishment in England
of basic furnaces, by which alone that
ore can be treated.
"The revolution in the British lndustrv
must begin with the construction of basic
furnaces for the utilization of phosphoric
ores,", the paper adds, "which soon will
be all that is available. But that will not
suffice to preserve our steel making In
dustry. We must, also merge our smelt
ing^ and steel making in one continuous,
economical process."
In corroboration of the Statist's re
marks, it is said to-day that in the
Scotch steel trade many works will're
main closed throughout January, owing
to the uncombatlble competition of Amer
ica and the Continent and tne dearth of
fresh orders.
CORRESPONDENTS HAVE
PUN WITH STATESMEN
Members of the Famous Gridiron Club
Give a Notable December %
Dinner.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 7.-The Gridiron
Club, composed of forty Washington cor
respondents, scored another notable suc
cess to-night on the occasion of the De
cember dinner. About 150 guests assem
bled around the Gridiron table- at the Ar
lington Hotel. The features, as usual,
touched upon public events in a jocular
manner, and began with a menu which
was "A New Alice in Wonderland."; By
the most delicate inference the illustra
tions and quotations could be applied to
some of the events in the life of President
-Roosevelt. The arrival of the collier Mer
riment (Merrlmac) with a supply of cham
pagne to fill the bunkers of the diners was
a laughable skit, and the selection of : a
delegate to London to attend the corona
tion furnished opportunity for the nomi
nation of a number .of delegates for the
place and their rejection for various rea
sons.
Another laughable skit was a fake.meet
ing of an alleged cabinet, in which vari
ous characters appeared and tried to pass
themselves off as the real thing. They
were finally hustled out unceremoniously.
Among those who made excellent speeches
were Postmaster General Smith, Senators
Allison and Mitchell, the Chinese Minis
ter, former Senator Carter and Governor
Francis, both now connected with the
Louisiana Purchase Exposition.
Suspected Assassin Is Arrested.
LONDON, Dec. 7.— The Vienna corre
spondent of the Central News announces
the arrest at Sofia, after a violent re
sistance, of a man named Halju, who is
alleged to be the assassin of ex-Premier
Stambouloff . The police have been on
the lookout for Halju ever since the mur
der of Stambouloff, but he had only Just
returned to Bulgaria. He emptied two
revolvers at his captors, but none of the
bullets took effect.
Humors
They take possession of -the body, and
are Lords of Misrule. ,
They are attended by pimples, boils, the
Itching .tetter, salt rheum, and other cu-
taneous eruptions ; by feelings of weakness,
languor, general debility and what not.
They cause more suffering than anything-
else.
Health, Strength, Peace and Pleasure
require" their expulsion, and this is posi-
tively effected, according to thousands of
grateful testimonials, by
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Which " radically and permanently drives
them out and builds up the whole system.
As Well as the Housewife and Professional Woman Endorse
% Pe-ru-na as a Specific for Winter Diseases, ' -
■ ; H0ME TREATMENT FREE -
J^Slm^^fr^ylk * Catarrh Cures by Thousands Under
W>»G/iiQ} k 1 Cr> Hartman ' S Free Treatment -
\ StOsJa Wl /rOw r^lT 3 Catarrh of the nose and head produces
vP-^S?^. \^^i CTflj^A^i* d'.s.-hargc from the nose, sneezir.gr and
g /^^\^x\^f^^^km^y^^ jf^o^jz o> v uin in the eye3 and f ° rehead > weak an <*
*J_rf-__Zir sometimes watery eyes ancl occasionally
Jl^w 1 * 1^ fs4&l^i Unless something is done to prevent the j
$^OXJLJyi2ll- -^^^^^S^™S^S^^5^_ catarrh will follow the mucous mem-4
Vk !>^^'^™T8Bgg»w dl^-..^^y sdZZZZfr^ brane into the lungs, where it will be fol- '
&\«b^ * fty m 'ik H £aiS/P^ Mi^ lowed by cough, night sweats, rapid I033
jSfSiP^ °° llesh and the other dread symptom3 of
%Jf fyp& *^> To a11 such P e °P le Dr - Hartman'3
'fyfflr "-. -^I^* treatment comes as a sreat boon. It is
&gr on'y necessary to> send name and address
H '- rx B self more improved than I had ever hoped
H -- §^g^g^;^^^^^^-*-**-'-~-.-^ — M has worked a perfect cure, as I have no
V\ irfflh^^ z ~ : ' : ~l~^£*^wWF f J$f\ M rr'-other wrote me to take Dr. Hartman's
V V Uhc^T^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^fianr A medicine, so I did. but my case was a
. - \ v JVt^Wy^ "^^^f^^^^y-^>r^^^^^. j£h***Lyj chronic one and I was also in the chancre
2s* w _^" w "^C2SCS*N k /''^ "<<£ <*>" J%' w^^^f I of life Through the use of Pcruna and
■T^r~ j 001 1 _ ff^ - - X Manalln I am now entirely well.
\ T\ 7TX ** ■ *^r •; I have not taken a drop of medicine for ,
S \-*sT Zi TVl V_*.Li..E-i i.Yi X -T T^> O* -^. I seven months and would advi3e all sufter-
JL -*— i i-i^*' J -J^^^—^-Z-^-* *X-^*,^*^J ers to consult. Dr. Hartman. The- neb— .
' . .. " m^^^>^^ummmmmi^^^ raJgla affected my head and eyes and for
A SOCIETY' LADY'S LETTER.
"During each of the past four seasons I have caught a severe cold, write at once to Dr. Hartman. civim? a
when suddenly chilled after an evening party, and catarrh for several & u p ££ t «3 n u?iiv5 iw"i
weeks would be the rssult One bottle of Peruna cured me, and I shall not gratis. „ . man *>-,««,♦ nt
j j 1. 1 j'j ft di Munuc uvcoo Address Dr. Hartman. President or
dread CO/ds any more as I did. — aLANLHt MTtHS. The Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. O.
GET'S MURDERER
STILL AT LARGE
Brutal Chinese Assassin
Succeeds in Covering
His Tracks.
After a thorough investlgatoln the po
lice are satisfied that the three Chinamen
who were arrested in connection with the
murder of Wong Get, who was foully
slain ' on Commercial street , Friday
afternoon, had nothing to do with the
killing. The prlsoners.will.be given their
freedom to-day. The murderer, accord
ing to the police, is Quan Ho, a notorious
gun-fighter, who hails from San Jose. It
is known that he arrived here last Thurs
day, presumably in answer to a sum
mons from the BIng Kong Tong, the
most powerful organization in China
town.
Get, it was supposed, held the secrets
of a rival tong. and it was decided to put
him out of tne way. According 1 to the
ponce, Quan Ho was specially imported
trom San Jose to carry out tne eaict of
the Bing Kong Tong. While walking
along Commercial street, near Kearny,
Friday afternoon Get, who had arrived
in this city only a few days before, was
shot in i the back, dying in a short time
from, his wounds.
The murder was witnessed by Jack
Kelly, better known as Manila Jack, who
conaucts a saloon contiguous to the scene
of the shooting. After the murderer had
emptied his gun at his victim Kelly
chased him 'tor two blocks, but finally
lost him in - Fish alley. He is satisfied
that he will be able to Identify him in
case he is arersted. In his flight the
murderer dropped the revolver which he
used in dispatching his victim.
Last night Detectives George McMa
hon and" Kd Gibson were scouring China
town for the murderer. They seem, to
think he is in hiding in some den In the
Chinese quarter, awaiting a favorable op
portunity to leave the city. It is expect
ed that the Chinese Six Companies will
to-day offer a reward for the apprehen
sion of the murderer.
Native Daughters' Sazaar.
The members of the joint committee of
delegates from the local parlors of the
Native Daughters of the Golden West
have about, completed all arrangements
for a Native Daughters' bazaar to be
held in Pioneer Hall on the nights of the
13th, 14th and 16th insts. This bazaar, ii
which all the parlors are taklng'an inter
est, is to be held for the purpose of rais
ing funds to entertain the grand officers
and delegates to the Grand Parlor of the
order, which is to meet in this city in
June of next year. Each parlor has been
assigned a booth, and the parlors will
name the ladies who are to take charge
of the same. These booths are to be
ranged around the walls of the hall and
the central portion will be reserved for
dancing. Mrs. H. Greene of Buena Vista
Parlor is chairman of the. general com
mittee. ■'.
Dr. Russell H. Coll Entertains.
Dr. Russell H. Coll gave a dinner in
honor of Mrs. Robert- Louis Stevenson at
a Chinese restaurant at 808 Dupont street
last. night. After the dinner, which was
served In regulation Chinese style, the
guests, about twenty in number, repaired
to the Chinese Theater, where they spent
the evening. Mrs. Stevenson will leave
for Mexico within the next few days.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 7.— John Sampson, who
murdered his wife on Tuesday afternoon was
to-day held to answer to the charge of murder.
Reservation. Cace Is Settled.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 7.-»The basis of
settlement of a very knotty problem rel
ative to the San Francisco Mountain for
est reservation in Arizona, with which
Secretary Hitchcock has been wrestling
for over two years, was arranged at a
conference at the White House to-day, at
which Secretary Hitchcock, Willis Van
deventer. Assistant Attorney General of
the Interior Department; William F.
Murphy of Arizona, and ex-Representa
tive Sperry of Connecticut were present.
I Friedman's Furniture 1
I Santa Claus likes color I
I He likes cosy, bright homes. There are many p
II things for home-brightening, that meets with his H
I approval, in the Drapery Department. a
n £'1
w Oriental and "picture" cushions in the most fetching-designs up to 57. 3 ¥
U One feather filled, interlined, Oriental cushion with knotted comers, S&] |j :
I Turkish and Persian patterned Portieres and Couch Covers; Indian and Eg
Oriental heads; Turkish lanterns and armor for Cosy and Orental corners, jy
Rich, heavy French velour table covers. Patterns and colors fit for the tl
finest gift Santa Claus may place thereon. 6" — 4 from $4.85 up. |]
Lace curtains, lace panels and lace bed sets; rare old patterns as well as n
the latest novelties. The most extensive and varied selection we have If
ever had. . Even a man, who cares so little for such things, would have 11
to enthus; over our lacs showing— he'd bs safe choosing here, too. t\
1 Tn'Hprfnnt Thick » soft s ra y fur ru s s ?n
UlIUClIUUl the Carpet Department. 2
feet 8 inches by 5 feet 6; well tanned skins $1.65
I The same size and quality in white fur for 1.75 B
I ;;//;•; "The Credit House." Six Stories High. 'A
■3L . - ' ■■ . m 4 w * ™"i
Killed by Fall Prom a Sorse.
SANTA BARBARA, Dec. 7.— Clinton
Ireland, the 11-year-old son of Sidney W.
Ireland of this city, fell from a horse and
was instantly killed at an early hour thl»
morning-. The child had been in. the habit
of saddling the horse for his father and
riding it around the block while waiting
for Mr. Ireland to finish his breakfast.
This morning the saddle turned and in
trying- to right it the boy fell. He was
struck in the left temple by the horse's
hoof. •j .-.-.-_■_-.-_-.-_- AD VmTISEBCEMrTS. ._ _ .
' — — — —
WITHOUT parallel in the history of educational enterprise stands the offer of
THE AMERICAN NEWSPAPER ASSOCIATION to the thousands of friends
; an i readers of "The Call." Such an offer should, and doubtless will, have your care -
; fu" consideration. The merits of this liberal and mammoth literary enterprise can only
! oe judged by careful investigation. Every reader of "The Ca'l," therefore, is earnestly
■ solicited to £ive the attention to this offer that its importance and liberality deserve.
It means that the best and heretofore most expensive Encyclopaedia is now within
; easy reach of even the boys and girls. Parents, encourage your children in habits of
\ economy for the noblest of all purposes, economy for the sake of education.
Just think of it—a saving of 10 CENTS A DAY will secure to you the
greit ENCYCLOPAEDIA B2ITANNICA, which covers every department of
; knowledge known to mankind. No man needs any other library, -^plftjlp
>y : no man can have a better one.
Not only are Scientific and Historical subjects brought
[Hup to date in this new edition, but a vast fund of new ; r
J information is added relating to the material, social, r^^^M^W/
H industrial and educational progress of the w.rld, J&gS|l|iy
I together with many thousand New Biographies $)%$ *$%%
jnot in the Original Edition. I
[ j Those who act promptly can secure .^J^^^feUT^ \\\\SV+f I
I this great work at p^—^^^^^P iY^^ST
Hle« Than Half Prin* jSS^~ Brings you
li kV J J lliail liall llltC, f=^^^^ i^^^=== = rM W¥. ,' \ . ThisEntire31
[] and on easy monthly pay- JSShiiy 4rn'$4Wj ¥ VoX ' Se * of
I j . . tf ' — ■—— tarn —■»—_—■—__ V&?>. £sfffl "/&■ ' f S I IIP IV AW
| T.ents amounting to only BsSSSttttsm Mfwfi *$J ' F
j im rcMTc * -fgr -~^^ss^«]& -M '% J 20th Century
I 1 * >^t- " " ---^ Mr I M nw Mt f f / You cnn P°y t>ne balance at
[I DAY /m Jfff WJ VJ % Jf the rate of only
j- /ffl Iwfj '-'jff^i V0 W 5 Volumes American Additions.
r-^r^~r—rr- i x ... "" Wdr'' VJ/WIm V Volume Guide to Systematic
"'I ' H^ll jdff wflj '^^i^Af Readings of the whole work.
Wm/F SB. IT CONTAINS :
'^w»'''W< C%Z EsHj^j^ L^(Wfc' 8 i »Wii/W » \i 15,509 artlclcB, averaging 1% pages «>.ach.
e-.':. •",,.'. 7>w- -C E [X^M^iS SaS MrV^Sl/ t&Jjf. * fni pon lO-aay 3,339 arUeles written and Bigned by spe-
. .s-^.yy*S lt Z %3 1 £^"v?!>sg& t%f&?/j 'ijM> ? i I >W for partlCU- cialists. or 142 per volume.
T- i:!*u*Sj ., . ti^^w.vwSt? >^ */lf3>fl )fSl¥ 1..0 »kV...» n..i> 15.256 rases compiled by special contribu-
H- !: -. : .--.r%5 ' BlaSSITe -Sfe^-^ m fil y^ IT if S^ lars about our tore, torming four-nrths of the entire
• : K? ( "£;$!$ Va1««i»i. Xr<J/..&MV*Jj I y t ' * »S8 full-pa*e engraved platw, contain-
! Sx!2S^ 'OiUID £S 5^^^J §Pft$f W fir Q Q „ Ing over 900 separate illustrations.
1 Hmi Weisht /THE AMERICAN T 3w,Iiri!t
z : ~7*& Over fi^^M^ / NEWSPAPER maps and plans -
iSlIf 200 lbs li W J/lW / ASSOCIATION, Special Features of the Five Volumes
i"-''-- 1^ feUttt^ S : 1>7 / V / ITliTK "RflTT T1TNP American Additions.
j J :'"^'' *i\i.*l _ AV / OO o K<aarnvf <;♦• J - An extension of tha original articles
■^ti^na^yi--A^-^^4^i»ffi«^Si£E^ iKiF • «"« S>t. , on the arts and sciences down to the pre«-
# J 1 >#ry / San Francisco. Cal. «>nt day.
' JiH^^'*! <M1' r piUrK^Y. a iJ,'i <1^ \^f > I \ ///// / «,„.„ ,^ nA ■ , 2 - Introduction of new topics either arie-
' S^Jw Vvi **Vi "iN»rfc«rai -^ V/fffl / pe**« ?end me free Ing from th« differentiation of new derart-
< 'Mslief V4d->1 ■{■I'M- I4w iLgaJg- J« WM' / °* charge sample pages mcnis of sciences (as Ecology, Sense-Or-
: :^*O^^ J-ti^^^wSkj^ Hi jSB^ / 8nd fnl1 Particulars Of pans. etc.). or from discovery and lnven-
fc *"T-T-~ : ~^ : " l>v -^^gS&jr^TTi^J SI W&l / J ' our Encyclopedia Of- tlnn 'as Trsla's Oscillator, Argon, Rcent-
w . '■--■ ■"•■■•>- -■■ ■- r ■•'. -■ ■■■'•'■'•'■. VL'JA,.xU."?*p* Taaay / fer. sren Rays. etc.).
TIT . . — «-i • -1 *» ■» 1— r»i •- -Bloerr«phlc«l »>nlarKenient to Include
What U Said of It. <T^ X"^"aSTSSS m 8 d tinct e ton. undMds
"I wi!I deff any ons to buy 3000 NAME rth C e rvaK%h^el merlcaa ln '
volumes that will give h!m as good 5 - A Presentation of technical tubjecta
a wjrkinq library as is furnished STREET ers. as'Tn^he^treTtrnent °o° r Bl^trfcltyl
In th« F\fYn CIPSn'k RRIT4NUTA Morphology, etc
in uie t-M-TCLUK/tuiA bKlUNN.CA 6 . coploua llluBtratlons, over 1500 la
alone.*'— Ex-Presidsnl Dwight, Yale TOWN numb«r. ______
University. Ihe Guide to Systematic Readings
I tOt eubdlvides the whole work Into d>par»-
"lf all Other books were «fe- ment " ln accordance with the different oo-
. _-■■';--. . RTATTT cupatlon» of all th« peoples (outllnlnjr n
StTOyed, the Bible exceptcd, the a *■*■*■*' different courses of reading) and point* out
world would io«^ hut ITftlA nf It« ««r " Onll Rnmn the things you may want to know or orgbt
wona woujo lOSS DUI IlltlO OJ US C, Call Bureau. to know about your business or profesilo»i
information. — Spurqeon. Furthermore, It makes systematic readlnr
Q Q along any line practical.
News Furnished for Exporters.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 7.— In answer to
numerous Inquiries from United States
exporters. Commercial Agent Greener, at
Vladivostok, has supplied the State De
partment with a list of the articles
whoB» Importation into Siberia from.
America Is affected by the Russian tariff.
flM^^ffS Throat —
V^^nfj Soreness
Vi |H The danger signal is 1
V^ hL surely out when you feel I
ft the first symptom of a sore
**^^ \ throat or • a pain in the
/ You can no more afford
to pass this signal unno-
ticed than can the engineer pass the danger signal thrown across
I his track. \\
V Sore throat means an inflammation in the tender membranes
-J of the most delicate part of the body — it means that this is trouble
for you unless you drive out the inflammation at onceg If you do
not do this the soreness will spread to the bronchial tubes — to the
lungs — and then it requires persistent and insistent treatment to
get rid of your trouble. . I
Halpruner's will drive out the inflammation — it is prescribed to
cure sore throat and bronchial troubles — pain in the chest — lung
1 soreness. It is a medicine you can depend upon to cure your
pains and aches. It will keep the entire family well — and it J
I should be in every home for all the little troubles that are con- \
\ stantly bothering members of the household.
• ■'-- V:;-""- 1 : /■■.".':'-..<■ '
j Take Halpruner's and you take a new hold on health — it's al-
ways the right medicine at the right time.
) Trial Treatment Free.
To prove the remarkable merit of his wonderful medicine, Dr. Hal-
pniner gives a trial treatment free, every afternoon, between 1 and 4
i o'clock, except Saturdays and Sundays, at his office, 3d floor. 28 Call- \
[ fornia street Telephone consultation also free— Bush 463.
All druggists Bhould sell Halpruner's— if yours refuses to supply you /
Y, [ the Halpruner Medical M'f g Co., 28 California street, San Francisco,
\ will send you a large bottle by prepaid expressage on receipt of $1.00.
: ~~ ==>:
It appears that there Is a prohibitive
duty on iron or steel of American origin,
and Importers are required to prove other
origin of their material before securing the
reduced rates. Greener refrains from
commenting upon the tariff until the ar
rival of the Russian Assistant Secretary
of Finance who was to hear the protest
of the importers.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1901.
Important Oil Suit Bedded.
BEAUMONT, Texas. Dec. 7.-Fe.Jeral
Judge Bryant filed an important opinion
late this afternoon in the case of Mra An
nie E. Snow vs. the Higgins Oil and Fuel
Company et al., involving: a one-Mgh
teenth life interest in the Veatch surroy
?£i=^ £ h ls s 11 "^ 163 a » of the v/eli.s in
this field except five or six.
The court thinks that the complainant,
nf r th» Sl \°i W> isentltled to one-eightaenth
of the oil marketed after the e.xpeng.;s of
marketing have been deducted?
Northwestern Governors May Muet.
ST. PAUL,, Dec. 7.— It is announced that
Governor Van Sant may call a (confer
ence of the Northwestern Governor"* to
assemble In Montana for the considera
tion of the so-called merger of the North
ern Pacific. Great Northlrn and Burling
ton. No official acknowledgment has
been made to this effect, but the Gover
nor Is much elated over the encourage
ment he has received from the repli«s of
the Governors to whom he addressed let
ters on the subject. .
Taf t Soon to Come Home.
I WASHINGTON, Dec. 7.-Secretary Root
to-day received the following cables ram
from Lieutenant Wright, acting •"'lvll
Governor of the Philippines, dated Ma
nila, December 7:
"Taft will leave Manila on the trans
port Grant December 20. Reach Wash
ington as soon as possible. Condition
much improved by second operation. Re
covery in full* expected by time San
Francisco is reached."
Fulton Is a Success.
NEW YORK. Dec. 7.— A test of th« iub
marine boat Fulton was made to-day in
Long Island Sound for Captain Geelmud
gen of the Norwegian navy. The Fulton
was given a surface trial of one mile and
was then submerged for a longer run. at
the end of which two torpedoes were ilred
at imaginary targets. The trial was pro
nounced entirely successful and Cantaln
Geelraudgen expressed great satisfaction
over the Fulton's showing.
_•__♦'•_• ••••■••■■ ....^ .
MARIN'S AHTIOUATED NARRQWGAfJGE
Continued from Page Twenty-On,e.
the railroad by the new corporation. Uev
cral Scotch Investors and a fewlScal taJn
complete the list of ten stockholdenrof
the railroad. Its directors are J. B. Stet
son, J. C. Coleman, C. de Gulgne for the
Parrott estate, J. H. Meyer for Anbaln*
Borel. A. H. Small for the Scotch stiJck
holders, C. R. Winslow and Ca?talD °I"
H. Payson. The company was organized
December 16 187L It operatesiilnety" ou?
miles of road, the cost of construction ind
equipment of which has been $34,25149 Der
mile, or a total of $3,099,759 4L P
Many Plants In Operation.
The California, Gas and Electric Com
pany, having absorbs the Bay Counties
Power Company and the California Cen
tral Gas and Klectrlc Company, has al
ready In operation light and power sys
tems In San . Rafael, Petaluma, Santa
Rosa, Vallejo, Dlxon. Woodland, Nevada
r City Grass Valley and many other town?
tp.the north and east of San Francisco
Bay. and Its excursion Into the electric
railway field, with lines running throuch
the, territory In which Its power sources
and system are located. Is a comparative
ly small undertaking? for a corpq ration
with so large a capitalization and bo
tnuch wealth behind it.
PERRY TELLS HOW FREE TRANSIT
WAS MAINTAINED ON THE ISTHMUS
Liberal and Conservative Forces Show the Utmost
I Respect for Americans and Old Glory.
• ■ ■ .-..■.'.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Dec. 7.— By means
of an armored car Captain Thomas
Perry, senior officer in command of the
American naval forces j at Panama, main
tained free communication across the
isthmus. Secretary Long received to-day
two mail reports from Captain Perry re
garding the action he took to keep transit
open between Colon and Panama. Cap
tain Perry states that the interruption of
transit occurred on November. 24. He
continues:
"I decided to send an armed force of
150 out by the 8 o'clock train next morning
(this Monday morning) to clear tne line,
so an armored car was prepared during
the night and manned with a part of a
company and two Colt guns. This went
ahead of the engine flying the United
States flag. The remainder of the de
tachment was in the cars with orders to
permit no armed persons to enter, and
under command of Lieutenant Command
er G. H. Peters, U. S. N., who is com
manding the force on shore. I accom
panied the train. By the time we reached
Colon it was completely understood from
one end of the line to the other that in
future and while this disturbance con
tinues trains would be guarded by the
United States forces and under the
United States flag. On the way back to
Colon the greatest respect was shown,
and no objectionable act was committed
by either Conservative or Liberal sol
diers."
Cnptaln Perry's cable reports show that
the situation on the isthmus is quiet and
that the Government is able to maintain
free communication.
Trouble at Bocas del Toro.
COLON, Colombia. Dec. 7.— General Al
ban the Colombian commander, returned
here to-day on the British cruiser Tribune
from Bocas del Toro arid proceeded im
mediately to Panama. -
In a short interview the general said
too much importance had been attached
to the disturbance at Bocas del Toro. Re
ferring to the alleged ill-treatment' of
members of the Tribune's crew General
Alban said the disturbance was due to
the inability of the men to speak Spanish.
The matter was amicably settled at a con-
NATION'S CHIEF
DEPEW'S GUEST
Roosevelt Attends the
Senator's Bachelor
•* Dinner.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
i WASHINGTON, Dec 7.— The Corcoran
House, overlooking Lafayette square,
was ablaze with light to-night on the oc
casion of Senator Dcpew's bachelor din
ner prior to his departure for Paris to
■wed Miss May Palmer. The beautiful din
ing-room was brilliantly decorated, and
the great square table surrounded by the
host and his twenty-eight guests' was
spread magnificently. _j»v.
The center of the table was set with
elaborate gold candelabra, while pink
roses and rich cut-glass with the Sena
tor's superb dinner service added to the
at Th^ Ct Sc e na e tor was in .the best possible
epirits. He will sail for France with not
only the hearty good wishes of his guests,
but with to-nlghfs brilliant scene firm
and fresh in his memory. Among the
gu 2 sts were President Roosevelt. Embas
iador Choate. Secretary governor
Odell of New York. Lieutenant Governor
Woodruff of New York, Speaker Hender
son, Secretary of the Senate Bennett and
the Republican Representatives fromNew
York State. There were no set speeches,
but plenty of informal toasts 'and Jokes.
WOUKINGMEN VICTIMS
I OF At CRUEL HOAX
1 Are Mad© to Believe That Bailway
I Positions Are Awaiting Them ,
I in. Texas.
T OS ANGELES, Dec. 7.-Two hundred
laborers gathered In a local employment
offlceto-day in response to posted notice*
that men were wanted to work on the
ployment agency as fees. This was finally
done and the men departed. „
Several days ago a man appeared .at
the employment agency, representing
wmwif assn agent of the Southern ra
ffle RaUr\>£dV a^^ an order for 200
men to bo shipped to Texas tp-day. The
Ere?s were on hand, but the alleged
"agent" failed to keep his appointment,
hence the trouble. This is the second
i, naY n f this sort practiced on the em-
Sloyment aglncfes of this city within the
past two weeks.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
For $3,50 Shoes
They Ape the Best Manufactured
In the World, From All Leath-
ers and in All Styles.
WB HAVE THEM FOR
MEN and WOMEN
Before you buy SLIPPERS for the holi-
days see our stock. . The styles will please
you and the prices are lower than the
We iead them all in Children's Foot-
We give Green or Red" Trading: Stamps.
LIPPITT & FISHER,
945 MARKET ST.
• REMEMBER THE NUMBER.
OPEN EVERY EVENING.
i visit DR. JORDAN'S great
IHUSEUM OF ANATOMY
A Cb 1051 HABUTCT. tat. 6thS7tli,8.r.Cil.
\ Of Thai-arrest Anatomical Museum In the
A . J- World. Weaknesses or any contracted
i V@^n *se«e.»»» H *'* l 5' «=■'««« by the oldest
© IE? a| Specialist on the Coist £st 36 years.
A AffVfi DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
\ f CS5^H Consultation free and strictly prirate.
A I JCVkTH Tr«»tment personally or by letter. A
\ S W SI H Fatitiv * C« r »fn every case undertaken.
f I H llv HAKRMCE, MAILED FREE, f A
O 1 ;J^, valuable book for mm) , -
f DK. JOBDAM A CO.; 1051 Market St., 8. P.
ference at Bocas del Toro between tne
foreign consuls, Captain Galloway, com
mander of the Tribune, and General Al
ban. . The latter declares that all the
Jamaicans imprisoned at Bocas del Toro
when the Government forces drove the
Liberals from the old bank were found in
arms against the Government. All of
.them had since been released.
A Colombian soldier who bayoneted a
steward of the Tribune at Bocas del Toro
was brought to Colon and will be im
prisoned at Panama, for thirty days.
Many British claims for damages sus
tained at Bocas del Toro and elsewhere
are being presented to the Government.
• General Alban received the following
telegram yesterday from the capital of
the republic: .
"The country, proclaims you the savior
of the republic by virtue of your recent
triumphs and applauds you for your in
comparable energy, which is - always
greatest In times of national danger.
Alban Blames Railroad.
Senor Del Rio, the acting agent of the
Pacific Mail Steamship Company at Pan
ama, who has been accused of complicity
in the doings of the Liberals and who was
given the option of standing trial or pay-
Ing $1000 and leaving the country In fifteen
days, has accepted the latter alternative
and will sail to-morrow for Chile.
General Alban says that all diplomatic
relations between Venezuela and Colom
bia have been severed. Venezuela, he
says, has 10,000 men In the Tachira dis
trict under General Gonzalo Valencia. Co
lombia has a much smaller force at
San Cristobal, under General Castro.
General Alban lays all the blame for
the recent isthmian events on the Pan
ama Railroad. He says it was criminal
to bring the enemy from Las Cascades
station to the gates of Colon, allowing
the Liberal soldiers to subseauently pay
the , fares for the Journey. The general
has formally protested against this ac
tion and a lawsuit will follow. He fur
ther declares that the railroad's subse
quent refusal to convey Government
troops along the line to the scene of the
engagements greatly Intensifies the of
fetise committed.
General Alban says that the Interior of
Colombia is all but quiet and that the
prospects of peace throughout the repub
lic are now very bright.
COURT SENDS
HER TO JAIL
Mrs. .Smith Refuses to
Tell Where Bonds
Are Located.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BRIDGEPORT, Conn., Dec. 7.— Because
she persistently refused to reveal the de
pository of 5300.000 In Government bonds
after being warned that her conduct con
stituted contempt of court and that the
only punishment provided by the 6tatutes
Is confinement in jail, Mrs. Mary E.
Wright Smith again defied Judge How
ard J. Curtis, in the Common Pleas Court
to-day and was committed to the County
Jail for an Indefinite period.
Mrs. Smith admitted to the court again
to-day that she had $300,000 in Govern
ment bonds, but she. said she will never
tell where they are deposited. She has
other interests which raise the value of
her fortune to more than $500,000. 8he Is
a business woman of the modern type
and has repeatedly spurned the advice of
her friends in her present predicament.
In business and social circles Mrs. Smith
stands high.
Orrin F. Dailey, a new York hat manu
facturer, brought suit against Mrs. Smith
to recover 5300 for office rent, contracted
Borne years ago when Mrs. Smith con
ducted a hat leather business in New
York City. During the trial of the case
she had as counsel " two women lawyers.
She declared, after the case was decided
against her that she would never pay the
judgment, which amounted to $300 with
costs. As she failed to liquidate the
judgment and no attachable property
could be found she was brought into
court on November 24 to reveal the
whereabouts of her bonds. She stub
bornly refused to answer the questions
put to her by the counsel and court.
3 OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
I OF THE PACIFIC COAST
WASHINGTON. Dec. 7.-The Postofflce
Department to-day issued the following:
Postofflces established:* Washington—
Wauconda.Okanogan County, Morton V.
Hill, postmaster. Discontinued December
31: Washington— Roosevelt, Lewis County,
mail to Silver Creek. , .
These pensions were granted:
California — Original— George M. Merrill,
San Francisco, $10. Widows' — Lucy F.
Spears, Arroyo Grande, $S; Susan R. Hib
bard, Cloverdale, $8.
Oregon— Thomas Perkins, John Ray,
Grant County, $12; William Rldgeley,
Faust Grove, $3.
.Washington— David Burton, Cora, 512;
Patrick Mathews, Port Angeles, $8; Mar
cellus H. Pratt, Spokane,. $8: John Smith,
Seattle, $17; Austin Prouty, Colvllle, $12.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IT*^H JlPtf^ tf^HTklP £*l TUT
f ff % %pf 11
Volumes, at times, of woman's happi-
ness or misery. The dull, sunken eye,
with its dark circles almost surely speaks
i . of womanly ill-health, and its attendant
f suffering. With the dull . eye goes usu-
ally the sallow, sunken cheek, the drawn
1 mouth, the shrunken form— the whole
glory of woman's- beauty marred by the
effects of disease.
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription cures
the diseases which undermine the health
faud.mar the beauty of women. It estab-
lishes regularity, dries weakening drains,
. heals inflammation and ulceration, and
e cures female weakness.
e Sick women are invited to consult Dr.
. Pierce! by letter frfe t and so obtain the
advice of a specialist upon their disease,
i. All correspondence is strictly privato
and sacredly confidential. Address Dr.
9 R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
* With pleasure I send a few line* to let you
know that I feel much better than for eight
years before talcing your medicine," writea Mrs.
' Pierce Geise, of S22 West Phila. Street, York, Pa.
- « Will recommend Dr. Pierce'a medicine to every
person who may inquire as to what it has done
9 ' For me. I was troubled with female weakness,
I and began to think I would never be well. If I
had continued the treatment prescribed by my
I doctor I don't know what would have become of
me. When your treatment was commenced my
weight was 108 pounds, at present it- is 130.
Have healthy color and my friends say I look
1 well. My best thanks to you and my best
wishes, too; for what you have done for me."
? "Favorite Prescription'* makes weak
[ women strong, sick women well. Accept
) no: substitute for the medicine which
i works wonders for weak women.
f Dr.; Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cleans©
I the clogged .system from accumulated
I Impurities.-^ j -- : •• -. . --i
. • , ■■ DB. KHJEEB'B SWAMP-BOOT. .
• .-■■■
But if You Have Kidney, Liver or Bladder
Trouble You Will Find dSSSl^ 1 ■
Swamp-Root Just the ?fic|5ljlf
Remedy You Need. ipWl
It used to be considered that only tirln- IT f I, |j] grt
ary and bladder troubles were to ba a I Bj • .
traced to the kidneys, but now modern J a If, If R
science proves that nearly all diseases ' V | Si
have their beginning In the disorder of ft J II 1
these most Important organs. n If. I I «*
The kidneys filter and purify the blood il S ?| * '«&. .
Therefore, when your kidneys are weak _afzffl/$ 1/ Vl
or out of order, you can understand how _/gTSre**r V "\,^S>Wct»w
quickly your entire body is affected, anl X^^^^SS5»^^^^S5s«W
how every organ seems to rail to do its >^HePiiilflllPiS£i»l§ Wfek
If you are sick or "feel badly," begin MmBJfmffimi SB Ifl tHuiH 111 SH&
taking the famous new discovery, Dr. £KS]5I iHEi jti Wi Wm&k 3! KffKl&
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, because as soon «§*«§& iNst i BBSiHsSty S iHESi!
as your kidneys are well they will help MflpQSiellllHlIiaUffiaUuuUUiiSB JsaH
all the other organs to health. A trial *« ; f, J^il'tt
will convince any one. gffl Dn# KILMER'S ||5flH
Doctors Prescribe Swamp-Root. IJ| CW AMP -PHOT IS fin
"I have prescribed that wonderful remedy for LEal irAl'll "1VUU1 djj H
kidney and bladder complaints. Dr. Kilmer's SHLlI -_.. .. . „, ., lf«l'ia
Swamp-Root, with most beneficial effect and Ng*fc Kidney, Uver and Bladder ijwa'a
know of many cures by its use. Theee patlenU \&v\ Oil DC I L^l
had kidney trouble, as diagnosed by other phy- Pill vUKti I ?
Bioians. and treated without benefit. Dr. Kll- tl I _,._„_.„„„ pii^
mer"s Swamp-Root effected a cure. I am a fl If Dis-cnowa. CTI
liberal man and accept a specific wherever I ?i\ 1 Mar take on», two or Use— I &«jrj
find It, In an accepted school or out of It, For Gil teaspoonfula b«£or«or «A«r meals 'J I Dai Ml
desperate cases of kidney or bladder complaint I ! J»lJ' I and at bsdtime- FilmlH
under treatment with unsatisfactory results I 1*^, n,,,,™ i^..^^, «,-♦« .-« 'fW i*l
turn to Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root with most &« £ hLirsa lea accorlbj to i^. Ifl.uS
flattering results. I shall continue to prescribe May commenco BnaJ daw IH fl
it and from personal obsenatlon state that >Ri if *nd increasa tofoados»ormor^ IliyH
Swamp-Root has great curative properties." Cfl as Oia caso would cecm to require, jlgi.ijfl
L. BARSTOW IRISH. M. D., 'fM This grreat remedr cures «JJ |]G||H
2.6 9th St., Borough of Brooklyn, N. T. t i|#3 ! ildner. Urer. bladder and Crlo glU
Sept. 24, 1901. ■ « :jj I Aciil troubles and disorders duo Hrgj'3
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are re- %<%] to weai Udnf " s > mcil ** catarrix j|KHq
sponslble for many kinds of diseases, and J j °* to* W»d<Jer, cr*Tel, rhenmv l|K.|r]
if permitted to continue much suffering ! n I Usns « Inrabajo and Br)?lit's El* I] l\r/,i
with fatal results are sure to follow Kid- ii^i eaw, which la th» worss t arm of if {»,-jj;j
ney trouble irritates the nerves, make* J% kidney dlseasa. I ft'idffl
you dizzy, restless, sleepless and Irritable. It Is pleasant to tais. lUlSIS
Makes you pass water often during tho j 1 »,».=,„«„,»» fflcll^l
day and obliges you to get up many timea 'A prepared omly sy ISHD
during the ■ night. Unhealthy kidneys !l is I no KILMPRAPrt MK«i&l
cause rheumatism, gravel, catarrh of the 'I Ull U K1LMtR & CO# fi£9fj
bladder, pain cr dull ache in the back. >\\: i\\ B1NGHAMT0N, N. Y- fi^i'H
joints and muscles; makes your head >\\\ il) -, , , - „ _. , flag It
ache and back ache, causes Indigestion. a! Sola Dyuil Drnsjiits. liillfcl
stomach and liver trouble you get a sal- :! ™|BSa 9
low, yellow complexion, makes you feel \ \mM\MUffMUfrmmmniinnmiMll
as though you had heart trouble; you Wjfc Jj'I'flli rB
may have plenty of ambition, but no g.; £/_!__: " : ~~_ -^i-^-Wr?y*»nJ jtl
strength; get weak and waste away. Mi J===SS!iS^ :^ :r: =^='^^i^^S :^%Ja
The cure for these troubles is Dr. Kll- | Ih;gJijlfltt|jS^*?^^^Sa!B^ai^| 1 !'ff|Tll
mer's Swamp-Root, the worM-famous ' iilll^^^P^ T^ llaf
kidney remedy. In taking Swamp-Root yjpggB^'" - . ~~~~ --^^^^Ss^^Q
you afford natural help to Nature, for M^ - ■-* r-2"™-.--- - vrsTg
Swamp-Root is the most perfect healer _ _ k . . x
and gentle aid to the kidneys that is (Swampt-Root la pleasant to take.)
known to medical science.
If there is any doubt in your mind as to ed by physicians in their private prac-
your condition, take from your urine on tic<«. and is taken by doctors themselves
rising about four ounces, place it in a who have kidney ailments, because they
glass or bottle and let It stand twenty- recognize in it the greatest and most suc-
four hours. If on examination It is milky cessful remedy for kidney, liver and blad-
or cloudy. If there is a brick-dust set- der troubles.
tling. or if small particles float about in If you are already convinced that
it. your kidneys are in need of immediate Swamp-Root Is what you need, you can
attention. purchase the regular fifty-cent and one-
Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and »3 dollar size bottles at the drug Btorca
used in the leading hospitals, recommend- everywhere.
Sample F ottle of Swamp-Root Sent Free by Mail.
EDITOBIATj NOTE— If you have the slightest symptoms of kidney or blad-
der troubles, or If there Js a trace. of It in your family history. s»end at ones to
T>r. Kilmer & Co.. Blnghamton. N. T.. who will gladly send you by mail. Im-
mediately, without cost to you, a sample bottle of Swamp-Root and a book
containing many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial letters re-
ceived from men and women cured. In vrrlting, be sure to say that you real
this generous offer In the San Francisco Sunday Call. >:.; :
FRENCH COMMERCIAL STUDENTS
MAY COME TO THIS COUNTRY
Official Who Will Investigate American Trusts to
Aid an Industrial College Project.
PARIS, Dec. 7.— Lazar« Welllers, Coun
cilor of Foreign Commerce, who with
Maurice de la Goutelllere. an engineer,
was Intrusted by the Government with
the task of making a special investigation
of American trusts, said to-day that he
will also make Inquiries In aid of the
Government's plan of organizing an In
dustrial college. He is a strong supporter
of the project and of the fostering of
closer commercial relations between the
two countries.
Weillers considered Plttsburg the best
center for the establishment of such an
Institution and he Intends to make an in
vestigation there, but Chicago and Phila
delphia are still being considered. The
Government has examined the suggestion
to send commercial students also, but will
wait until the industrial experiment shall
have been tried.
WeHlers' inquiry in the matter of the
trusts will occupy about four montEs,
during which time he will visit all the
Jndustrlal centers of the United States.
As the head of an electrical business he
already has relations with all the metal
lurgical concerns.
The Government is anxious to have a
competent opinion upon the effects' of the
formation of big trusts, and to what ex
tent they count in the Industrial progress
of the United States. This matter is of
peculiar interest to France, which is the
only European country enforcing the law,
dating back to the revolution, absolutely
prohibiting any form of trust. "\VeUlers
concluded:
"The results of my inquiry into the in
dustrial situation will enable the Govern
ment to Judge whether it will be the bet
ter policy for France to seek to work
hand and hand with the United States In
BOYS ORGANIZE
CRIMINAL CLUB
San Jose Police Uncover
] Band of Youthful .
[ Marauders.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 7.— The police have un
earthed a Juvenile criminal club in this
city, which has been committing numer
ous depredations. In It are a dozen or
more boys and young men who have
gained notoriety in police circles because
or petty thefts. They have a thorough
organization, known as the Davy Crock
ett Club, with headquarters and a full
set of officers. So perfectly have they
organized that it is believed by the police
that some Fagln in the form of an ex
convict has been coaching the boys.
The disclosure was made by Peter Gar
cia, who was recently arrested for steal-
Ing a number of tools from John Leffler,
a livery stable keeper at the corner of
First and William streets.. Of late the
many small thefts have puzzled the po
lice. Garcia claims to have been refused
membership until he had gained a police
record, and In order to qualify he began
stealing.- Upon his arrest for purloining
the tools -Garcia pleaded guilty and re
ceived a sentence of sixty days in the
County Jail.
The boys disposed of tnelr goods
through a' local "fence" and In San Fran
cisco. A part of nil the proceeds went
into the club treasury. The police expect
to round up all the members of the club.
* .
Pictures and Frames.
We have all the new things In pictures
and t rames for the holiday trade now on
exhibition and sale. Sanborn, Vail & Co
741 Market street. • '
. . ■ » ♦ ■ ■
: One way of keeping out of trouble is
«ot to glv» advico, ■
the industrial movement rather than ta
enter into a struggle with her."
B.KATSCHiNSKI
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
10 THIRD STREET. SAN FRANCISCO.
We Beg to Present
For your consideration a few
styles In shoes and slippers that
are particularly adapted to this
season of the year. Our Holiday
stock Is complete and we cordially
Invite you to inspect the same. Spa- .
cial— Ladies' three-strap button
"Queen" sandals, made of vlci
kid. with plain coin toes, turned
soles and French heels. The PRICE
ONLY S1.J5O. sizes 3 to 7&
widths A to E.
Ladles' ideal patent leather kid n
lace shoes, with mat kid tops,
straight foxed, coin toes and tips, I
extension edges, with rope stitch- 1 1
ing and Cuban heels, REDUCED I j
TO $2 15 A PAIR, sizes 2Va to 7%.
widths A to D. y
Tan or black, opera or Everett m
slippers, with patent leather trim- 1 1
mlngs, for men. ONLY $1 00, »lxes I }
5 to 11. ||
. \ OUR STORE has been enlarged 1 1
and seating capacity Increased. ||
WE "WILL BE OPEN EVEN- fj
INGS during th« month or Decem- U
ber. n
NEVER MIND THE SIZE. Jnst '. 1 I
buy a shoe order. No present more m
acceptable. It
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. \
10 THIRD STREET, jl
San Francisco. M
2324
si Special Sale of i ■ •■ ' . „ ... _ . ~—^"Saleof Eiderdown 2
£ Feather Boas. NOW fOf an EflOrillOlIS Holiday BUSineSS, cnSSas^ur^l Comforters. i
5= MOM DAT <£(f\ err| fort* "will bo especially directed toward tlie display of -articles of Interest to those
Jj: OHLY vJJlV.vJV/ jjj gearch o f presents. Purchase before the crowds begin. You "will find it as ece- - $4 fi*5 EACH =3
SH Good Value 815.00 boaical and a much more satisfactory way of preparing for Christmas when as- , vJJTtVJ sJ .
Sr Eepecuny tnterwtiar to Xmai Bortments are at their best and choosing unnarassed by the jams incident to the Would* make an ideal xmas gift. ~S
*= Fel^r t BoaT a ba ad l S^r S2S2J »•■* approach of Christmas.' Holiday goods of any description may be selected SE&.T^^^^^gSS-S
ZZ. thick end fluffy; 45 Inches loarj la and laid aside by US Until the hour you Wish them delivered. ; - French sateen, ln choice deilgns; -^
•*- black, natural and gray. X 515 boa. ■ ■ - ■- ■ • full »Ue; regular value, $3.50. On
y* Monday yinjtft Ba i e to-morrow $4.65 each —» J
i IMMENSE OFFERING OF HOLIDAY HANDKERCHIEFS GREAT SALE REMNANTS OF BUCK GOODS T °^£T I
5= FOR MEN, WOMEN AND CHILDREN. [ A season's unprecedented selling of Black Dress Goods has Jj =3
25^ They «mbrae« th» prettiest «ffect« in hemstitched, rerered, embroidered handkerchiefs, left us a greater quantity and variety of Remnants than any il US
5= with or without lace: al*o a complete line of INITIAL. HANDKERCHIEFS, prettily IT l^,o «««.«« mt.«. w l I,,,,. +« 1 lT ,JB,_
•- bovea. euitabie tor *ifta. The following great «Deciau on eaie. commencing to-morrow, previous season. These we have determined . to close cut to- mmm -~
El T^^T^.^'^^^^ftt^^'- •». WTO . ««,«-r».r ,™ ,. morrow/regardless of their original cost. You will be able to
INITIALED HANDKERCHIEFS.^i^^^iga^f^fekTrchilfs 1 : n ft tod J^ «» lenstu you may need ' either for a waist ' skirt cr *~% 3
S^ pn i nnv nr oiv put up in elegant fancy boxes; a Ullfl complete dress, varying from 2 to 6 yards. There are BROAD-
ZZ OUC A DUA Ur OIA. w"t\ lnltlk^nd^e UUU CLOTHS, VENETIANS, CHEVIOTS, SERGES, SILK MATE- UI =S
trimmed; eix ln a box. A great bargain at a BOX LASSES and NO VEI/TY EFFECTS, AOLL to be closed out at OWE -. ,
fc= I£>C W*- c 2?-7 lj *? ie *'*. ?"•. "2.* 11 H* 1 " 1 - |QV EACH-boo dozen Ladles' initialed THIRJ> AND ONE-TTATiF THE FORMER SELLING PRICE. PriCe
•»— ****' kercniela. In choicest effect*, lace 1^2^ Handkerchiefs. In openwork, lace .
trimmed and tiabroldered. Great value and embroidered effects, handsome Btyles; ai nr nimiTU nnmnrn urinnnr .,„-,,... ZSt
E "g- zlc****^,*. _, Sffi.'Sm., x , w Mr . to 51-25 QUALITY COLORED MELROSE SUITINGS, mondav 2
JT" TlTTj: ■5 a = 1 ,v2S?S^] >^} mfta # ft S* # ». lB iiiiihtfrni up™ flered and tinlaunflered. ThU Is one of the mo«t popular fabrics In u»e th!» fall for a stylish atreet ft »■ _,
•^ JfrtLtC e^^bSSdi^S i?d a ?X HANDKERCHIEFS. ln aU ******* «>f the eostume-our regular SI 25 quality that we Intend to sell for Monday and U h rt I3S
T~ Sr%!?7 w^^S^JnrJiS 4 JSf?. !_1I^ , M ' , . flaest Unm, with hand- Tueeday only at 85o a yard. The groods are of unquestioned excellence, war. 7| . I § -
S= 25SJ?*w!?^f% Tl-fc^ 1 ®* th * m •»bxold*re<l Jnitials. Bpeoial value at... ranted pur« wool and fully 44 Inches wide— ln these elepint colorings, navy V UU "2
Jp wortli tto and ioo ttxh. , ..15c, 25o, 85o and 60o each rray. cadet, red. new blue, reseda, row, brown and black. . YARD
& A Big lace Extraordinary Black and Colored Silk Event To-Morrow. Mercerized 5
y »i3.IS. * X. tale «f gTea.tatt interest: one that should jam th* 611k Department with eager buyers as lt never was before. It should Ciflr QfriUPil =22
gS M prer* the banner SUk Week of the entire rear. Through very extraordinary circumstances— the particulars of which it Is not n»c- tJlin. OUIJ/WU .^J
T" Monday 24-C Yd. tZf^TL$*J?JS£J} K *~?JZ? ic:ittMl * h0UBe turned over to us about 6500 YARDS or their best grades BLACK PEAU DE SOIE, If «-««- rS
•C mwv *r *" •** •*"• BLACK TAWBTA aad BIOH NOVELTY SILKS, which w» secured at •uch a tremendously low price concession as to enable us iUOrCGIl. ZH
e»— holiday «he> now to efftr you this Immense purchast PAB BELOW what they could be purchased for at the mills to-day. This Is a stroiut state- ~ 1-5
fc: tag -wOl oot eirtall 2 t H^ pot ypor lnT«tl«iUoa will prove its truthfulness. It should be borne in mind that these Silks were manufactured for this Mondav "i "iC Yd """•
S- the 1-aoe s*ninjr at »^U'« Retail TnO* and are Bilks of the highest order— very appropriate for Chriatmas gifts— and will be sold at the following great " l *" lua r v^v^V, ■ u.
eh>- this store. At the redactions: , '. ... »-»,,i ,_ v<.i..- Ai?« — •»
BUCK TAFFETA SILK. BLACK PEAU DE SOIE. rvlfr^^
Ifc gcT!^S^ 900 TAFFETA $..5O BONMET £„£* SJ^ot^ S^ 1^ SS^uife
S^ Jie^f BlsJk £££ FOR 69C YARD, rood >-alue at 80c On special sale at.... PEAU DE SOIE beauty and durability no other silks ne ver before known =S
Sr"!^ • •- r cm for $i.o5 yard,
de Venice in White «| nn TlCCETl A magnlftcent Taffeta, of the blackest . •., r,^..i nr . . A .t. Extra heavy, warranted pure silk, "coats. Regular 65c --•
•*- and Ecru; the choic- * l<o ° "AFFETA brilliancy, 24 Inches wide; a splendid . $1.25 PEAU DE SOIE f a b . )lliant fast b , ack dve . WP , goods, Monday...... ■
*- est patterns offered 700 YARD. quality for dresses; always sells at $1 00. FOR QftC YA^D or a b.unant rast black dye, well , Yard Ii3c =2?
this year; all of Tn Ini nl 70c yard rUK a»C TM^U. TJorth S1 . 2 =;. On sale at:.08c yard -^ :
»= th 5 m ,/ vo J tn S5 ° * nd "^— — —^— — . \ . „ . ' None better suited for complete ""• !
40c. Monday. ; . $ . __ TAFFETA A eenulne Swiss Taffeta. 27 Inches wide. «l 75 PEAU DE SOIE ""Its than this one: extra heavy *31ICClllij^ Ottlw —5,
& " 33c YARD. yg 1 'S?3.'2 "«»»«■■»- 2»«« FOR SI.I9 YARD. %^,£ZR£?^ V ffi2*& Monday I7C Yd. 3
5= OUT QlOYe .W O»«i. rt SScyard , special sale at.... 51.19 *ard A q J llty of stand . =J
Orders. 2 E^M 1 IL ! IS Ji ENGTHS ' Worth $5 ' 00 ' $6 ' 00 and S7 ' 50 ' for <fiO fih S^f-Sl 3
«fc- T . . r-,^..^. ♦- «i2^^Ji«TI^».^^v ° h " ndr^ °* these exclusive Waist Patterns in this purchase— measuring from 3 ffO W& • \J CJJ you generally pay
•5= 4^ cb3 *?* jaa Z ™J ll ffL »*=>Ple Pieces the wholesale bouee had on hand. They embrace the choicest weaves .JTm «, ._ 22 1 /i«5 for- Bought 1200 --g
*- fvi^i^nr. TA^^T^^pA^ aJ^i?ST 0^?SN a^S?5 urpMSed - Most prominent you will find PERSIAN EFFPJCT H B E «ch yards below the reg- rS
n .^ PRII J T e??^ A^ n FE ?^• STRIPED and CHECKED NOVELTIES. Most of them V^f Length ular price, which we :Zl
ZZ Bonally select their have been, .elllns rlyht alons: at J1.25, $1.60. $2.00 and $2.25 a yard. AU to be closed out, your choke, each offer on Monday spe- 3
~- owa Cloyes. length at. i(} 5 clal at Tard 1Tc
1 Remarkable Values in Ladies' Suits, Silk Waists and Petticoats 1
e^; Tcu never eaw euch bargain wonders as this popular and growing department will have for you to-morrow. They outrank and undersell anything we have' ever offered be- Z2 !
g^ fere and you know what great va_ue* we ye been giving you of late. These garments are bright, new and attractive— to be eacriliced just when you need them most. The fcllcw- — S
e» Ing are lair examples ol many more that are here: ■ ■ ~ ' ' , ' M "
lHigii=Class Novelty Suits M S22.50 Suits- for Grand Silk i
| z RTHS40 - $25-2?. ' /%'■ $I5-J C ? Waist Sale. -|
In every one of these elegant suits there is ( \\ W| Made of Venetian, Cheviot and ' • Ci K.00 =S
fc strong individuality^ the beautiful designs, tho . \\3«t' Broadcloth, in colors of Brown, M>^ EACH =3
y gracefxil hang and the perfect workmansliip are S^'V ' j -m i_ « "^"
S^ so markedly emphasized that the suits bear tho jf Navy, Oxford Gray and Black; in Make no se i ec ti O n before seeing 3
S^ strongest possible resemblance to custom work. . / . double breasted Eton and blouse these. Another one of our famous i
JIade of Navy, Brown and Black English Chev- / effects. The jackets are silk "Waist offerings. Made in the -^
«J2 iot and Broadcloth, with silk-lined Jacket, half- n lined Peau de Sole facing beau- ver y latest fashion of the finest :^
sp: tight fittingj Eton style with the latest dip ef- /? V f4#,,n'- ««f-v, o^. ♦>,. .irfr'fa or« 'i Taffeta, in lace, hemstitched and
.cr feet — trimmed with pretty braid and panna IK ..:>■ A :- . m ~*^ eutcnea,. tne • SKirts are tucted effectS) with bisnop
tZ velvet — skirt also elaborately trimmed; has fine // J**±J\: Prettily trimmed with satin folds; sleeves and fine stock collar . in
£=: sweep and graduated flounce— the greatest suit / j \ very graceful in their hang. Good shades of white, light blue, pink,
5»= bargain of the season. "Well worth R4O.OO. At '\j£/ i / y. value $22.5O. On sale at . rose, gray, lavender and black; _-■
$25 00 cacl1 - S ..................... .Each $15 75 sizes 32 to 44. A grand waist bar- -^»
SZ " "^ • ' . . ; at.. /.:....... T.Each $5'00 =^
i I , ■^^ I Greatest of Glove Sales. § |i|| IBililH
Wm^r C nAA n • ,/,*,,. J/h i . ir^ > Flannel Sales IVionaay^
B tmmsk 6000 Pairs Ladies' $1.75 and (PA 4 Q au-wo.i MM t ,nd ah-wo.i 3
&^§ <£g rzi\ ft^t.m^ C->I A -»4- 1 * Eiderdown Flannel, in the very
' r -: *f0-zp v^le3ll UlOVeS Oil OalC at %$rJL PAIR latest colorings, that regularly^!
SH /*■ -^j ' This has beea the biggest Kid Glove purchase in our history. A trans- sell at 40c' yard. On special sale rj
S^ y^^^^'V /l* 11^^"-^ ac tion involving more good goods for less money than ever before went into a Monday. Yard 29c
5~ /^^^^/«^\s^. single purchase. -They came from the most celebrated Glove manufacturer of ■ . -'3
S^= /^^^^^C r*iW^ Prance, who sacrificed his entire surplus stock to us. Eveiy pair is this sea- ppRiiAli V'RAPPFR * A new US
tZ Kf \S\^SH eon's, production— of the finest selected PRIME ITALIAN LAMB, GRENOBLE J. UCI o shipment^
SP \\ *\ / Hxr*~¥ i ~\. and CAST0Bp SUEDE — of the best workmanship, with the latest FLANNELS, jC« to be placed =S
VV*"Yf >^3v7/y7// stitclied back s an d fashionable clasps; in colors of Tan, Mode,. Brown, Gray, gfgaf VaIU3 f 1 0 If ■ Yflrd . ' on sale to- 32
>s >*ls/2t* VAu I Ox °lood, White and Black; in all sizes. Ai better opportunity was never pre- morrow. Some of the grandest
~f lllll seate d to anticipate holiday needs by supplying your requirements now, patterns are to be found in this
<Sz yS /x/ jJi-^N whUe tte assortments are complete, besides the great saving, getting $1.75 i o t. The colorings are the most :23
r= .-C, *^ and ?1 * 50 Glovesfor ••• Pair $1.10 fashionable. Great value at. ..... Z2
TT 2S£^ 1 EVERY PAIR GUARANTEED AND FITTED IF DESIRED. Yard 1 5c
T~ —— — — — — — — — — — •^—— COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. =^»
£ Ladies' Fall Underwear. j^<W M*** tzHMm^^A' $7.50 Silk Petticoats %
| 7AJPS $1.00 ™ _,^^^^^^^^^^^] M0NDAr $5-50 «« 1
l£Z widely known than Norfolk and Sew Bruns- \&r& *%i/*7W Thia 8pec j a ] o ff er you should not let go un-
*■— wick Underwear. Thf?<> mills usa the best tB**' . -*HS2r noticed, for lt la Indeed a genuine bargain. A **^
„__ quality and the finish 1s superior to other »«■ i grand Taffeta has been used for them; rende ZS
■»-_ inakep. A full line on sale t-;-morrow in Veits 'l m \l ■u i mi i in iiH IWI i 1 iMI> with accordion ulaited flounce, extra dust "^
2^: and Pani?. gray or white. Cmr special leader ;^3ft»»^f'\* T^^'fa ti&Zf&P'^ ruffle - ful1 length and width; in black only.
RUSSIA MASSING
TROOPS IN CHINA
Special Dlepateh to The Call.
TACOMA, Dec. 7.— According to Cap
tain L K. Jacques of the English army
thousands of Russian soldiers are being
transported into China because of the im
pending possibility of war with Japan.
Captain Jacques arrived yesterday. Up is
captain cf the Fourteenth Sikhs, of the
I DfChrioadof Bedroom $&t!s_l
/<£&£^f&Z^- J^ "' ) t~»—iSSL— J! ■ P' aco this entire
\ iyr^ffilv^K carload of 3-piece
[i] fl $[+~*SV'< bedroom sets on
jj^^^^^^g^-SS^i i' j^> £J< Bale during the
"S'^.m '.'"?' ;I*' J=^ >^Tl I !x_ J' cy^M) , coming week at
'^^ ;^->- ' ; r^~^??^ 8 1 a. 5 O up.
r , ... S | ~jffg^*-- j^SJSiSi? } ilfejiSii^jS^'rl rrhJs Is positively
n5EfVKT."/8» ! l|!il2§iiflgE|5 A ,, '" T ~"^ 1I \ °«e of the best
''Uf.iU'Iv^V- ■ ' _**^- — r^i*;*4*t7 offers we have
\ : 'jt \ l iTr-^t '' .^iSS^SuSE^- *_ I t '. ~ -v> ever made the
\W?\' Wfli /^T7T^^ J -AJ& Public. These sets ..
-■/■U'lfX-'nt' "irt -Ch*. [ ■ ~ * ' are m ade of.
S;.: feo; l-^rM"^^] beautlful P>wen*
< **" SSS - ==::^H & ]f -^^^Sty^. ly decorated.^Bed
YC is 5 feet 10 inches
lar length. Bureau has^German bevel slass and measures 41^9° inches"
j This gives you a good chance to buy cheaply. • " ICA - ultB * 1X1S ! menea.
; You May Have Credit if You Wish,
Indian soldiery, and is en route to London
on furlough, having been in Peking Eince
the siege of the legations.
"Russia, from an army standpoint,
takes an intense interest in China." said
he. "In every part of the empire the
Czar is well represented by arms. This
naturally would be expected in Manchu
ria, but on the smallest pretenses Rus
sia has located company after company of
soldiers everywhere. While no one except
high army officials of Russia know any
where near the exact number, it is esti
mated that Russia has an aggregate force
of 200,000 soldiers in China. This is the
popular estimate, but it is probably too
conservative. The Czar's representatives
execute their movements in a manner
that attracts the least possible notice. In
this way thousands of soldiers have been
quietly added to the encamped forces."
In his recent articles on China United
Slates Senator Beveridge applauds the
> . ■ ■ . •
THE SAN FBANCISCO OALLj SUNDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1901.
Russian soldiery for being of a passive
and kindly nature. Captain Jacques takes
a quite different view. He claims that
there were more acts of depredation and
cruelty by Russians than. by any other
soldiers in Peking. ■
"Continually reports were brought to
me by my men," said he, "dealing with
misdeeds of Russian soldiers. They were
charged with many murders of innocent
and defenseless.' natives. Tho relations
between them and the American cavalry
at one time grew so strained that trouble
was momentarily expected. The Ameri
cans publicly denounced their acts."
Butler Practiced No Fraud.
SAN DIEGO, Doc. 7.— The Superior
Court here to-day decided the long-con
tested Butler-Hartupee mine case In favor
of tho defendant, Butler. Two years ago
Dr. Butler traded a gold mining property
in the Grapevine district to Hartupee for
Cleveland, Ohio, property valued at $17,000.
Later Hartupee alleged that the mine had
not that value and that fraud had been
used, and suit was brought to obtain a re
conveyance of the property. The court
decided that no fraud had been used and
refused to order a reconveyance.
Wanted in Napa for Forgery.
NAPA, Dec. ?.— Harry C. Miller, who, lt
is believed, is now in Seattle. Is wanted
in Napa for forgery. On November 6 he
passed a check on Oscar Fagerberg, a
local saloon-keeper, for $34. The next day
he disappeared. The check was for C. S.
Miller of Carneros Creek, for whom he
had been working, and was from a San
Francisco firm. Harry Miller passed lt
oft as his own. C. L. Miller sent Harry
Miller to Napa to get hlB mall and the al
leged forger rifled the letters. * , ;
Censures Santa Fe Company.
KINGMAN, A. T., Dec. 7.— The Jury im
paneled to inquire Into, the Franconia
wreck on the Santa Fe on the morning of
November 20 rendered a verdict to-day
holding the crew, of the westbound .flyer
and the railroad company equally respon
sible for the wreck, and, consequently, for
the Iocs of life. The company was cen
sured. .
Useful and Artistic
Christmas presents, such as water col
ors, etchings, photographs, statuary, gold
clocks, cameras, dress suit cases, trunks,
valises, pocketbooks, - fountain pens and
picture frames. Greatest assortment and
lowest prices. Visitors always welcome.
Sanborn, Vail-& Co., V41 Market' st.' •
BOY UNFOLDS
SOME SECRETS
CHICAGO, Dec. 7.— A number of wit
nesses, whose evidence was wanted to
show that ex-Bailiff James J. Lynch was
often in the office of Alexander Sullivan
when the latter was attorney for the West
Chicago Street Railway Company, occu
pied the stand in the Sullivan conspiracy
case to-day. Emory Warnc, Edward
Turner, P. H. Maroney ana Robert Hill,
all formerly connected with the Traction
Company's legal department, and F. Rich
clson, formerly in the city law depart
ment, testified. ,
Hill, who was an office boy for Sullivan,
was sprung as a surprise on the defense
late yesterday. He said that he had car
ried letters from Sullivan to Lynch and
that he had brought verbal communica
tions for Lynch to meet Sullivan. He
had seen Lynch and Attorney St. John in
Sullivan's office many times— as often as
twice and thrice a week. On cross-exam
ination the defense brought out the fact
that letters were delivered ln the open
courtroom of Judge Clifford, where Lynch
acted as bailiff. Assistant State's Attor
ney Barnes asked:
"You didn't wave them in the air, did
you?".
"No," Hill answered. "I slipped them to
him quietly." .. ■ •-.-•' .V;
The testimony of Warne, Turner, Ma
roney, and Richelson supported Hill's
story that Lynch called often on Sullivan.
The defense on cross-examination brought
out assertions that. there seemed to be
nothing suspicious about the meetings.
Maroney stated that he had often seen
Dan Coughlin in Sullivan's office also.
John Gordon, husband of Josephine Gor
don, was a witness and told of forwarding
to Lynch in New York, under the name of
Conners, money which he received from
Dennis Ryan, the custodian of a fund
of 54500. which had been provided for the
support of Lynch during his exile. He
was followed by his wife, Josephine, the
last witness of the day, who corroborated
Lynch's narrative wherein it concerned
her. . and told ■ of conversations she : had
had with St. John about her brother.-
FRESNO. Dec. 7.— The Great Western Vine
yard Company to-day purchased 1010. acres of
land at the base of Mount Campbell, and near
the famous orange district. The purchase price
was $47,500. > The cultivation of the land will
be commenced at once. > • ■ - , .
SIGHT WRECKAGE
OF A SCHOONER
Steamship Men Bring
News of Northern
Disaster.
Lost Craft May Have Been the
Ralph J. Long of San
Francisco.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Dec. 7.-Accordlng
to news brought to-day from the north by
the steamship New England some small
vessel recently met disaster in the waters
off Queen Charlotte Islands. On Wednes
day afternoon, when the New England
was steaming southward past Banks Isl
and, a lot of wreckage was seen floating
on the water. Some of it was picked up
and was found to consist of the front
frame of a small ship's locker. The frame
was made of rock elm and had three
openings for drawers. The men who
picked up the wreckage saw a portion of
a curved taff rail, several . white-painted
boards, apparently belonging to & schoon
er's bulwarks, and a lot more broken and
splintered wood. No pieces bearing any
lettering could be discovered. All the
flotsam was in such a state of preserva
tion that it is not considered probable
that it had been in the water any length
of time.
It is believed here that the American
Echooher Ralph J. Long from Unalaska,
November 9, for Seattle, may have got
into trouble during the recent gales and
that the wreckage sighted may have come
from her. as she would have been in that
vicinity about the beginning of the week.
No other small craft is known to be in
northern waters. Judging from the size
of the ttotsam it did not come from a
large vessel.
The schooner Ralph J. Long should have
arrived in Seattle long ago, but she
stranded at Unalaska and for a time it
was believed a United States revenue cut
ter would be dispatched to rescue her pas
sengers, who were reported penniless and
starving. Just as the cutter McCulloch
was about to sail northward from San
Francisco, word was received from Un
alaska that the Long had sailed south
ward on November 9, fully provisioned.
The Ralph J. Long was a single-deck
schooner of ninety tons. She was built in
1888 at Bandon, Or., and was owned by A.
Frank of San Francisco, her home port.
FIVE TRAMPS SUSPECTED
. OF WBECKTNO A TBAIN
Charged With Having Caused Fri
day's Disaster on the Oregon
Line Near The Dalles.
PORTLAND, Ore., Dec. 7.— Five tramps
are under arrest at The Dalles, charged
with wrecking the Portland-Chicago spe
cial train on the Oregon Railroad and
Navigation Company line yesterday. A
negro tramp, who wa3 taken into custody,
has identified the men under arrest as
those whom, he heard make threats to
wreck the train. The tramps were put off
an early train yesterday and the negro
says that he heard them say there would
be a wreck on the road before night. The
men under arrest are: James Page, Fred
Grant, William Cole, Frank Cole and
Harris Williams.
Union Miners Join Hands;
NANAIMO, B. C, Dec. 7.— The miners
of Nanaimo, Extension and Alexandria
to-day decided at a mass meeting held
here to affiliate their unions. The Exten
sion and Alexandria collieries are worked
by the Dunamuir Company, and as-Pre
mier Dunsmulr. has declared that he will
shut them down sooner than recognize the
federation a strike may result. The reso
lution was carried by a large majority
after an exciting meeting.
Long Electric Power Line.
SPOKANE. Dec. 7.— The Washington
Water and Power Company, owner of the
falls of the Spokane, has started a survey
for a line to carry electric power from this
city to the Coeur d'Alene silver-lead mines
ln Northern Idaho. President Richards
says the power plant here will be doubled
and he expects power will be delivered at
the mines by July 1903. It will be the
longest electric power line in the world,
with one exception, being about 100 miles
in length.
Suesser Taken to San Quentin.
. SAN JOSE, Dec. 7.— Sheriff Langford
took George Suesser, the convicted mur
derer of Sheriff Farley of Monterey Coun
ty, to San Quentin this morning. Suesser
will be confined ln San Quentin Peniten
tiary pending the decision of the Supreme
Court on the appeal taken in his case. He
is now under sentence to be hanged on
February 7.
Lash Is Released on Bail.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 7.— T. M. Lash,
who was arrested yesterday on a charge
of murdar in having performed a criminal
operation upon Mrs. Nellie Dewey, spent
last night in jail and was this morning
admitted to ball ln the sum of $2500. the
amount having been reduced from $5000.
Taken Back to Placerville.
SAN JOSE, Dec. ".—Robert E. Burgess,
who on November 21 stole a horse and
cart from Spence Avery ln Placerville.
was to-day taken back to that place by
Sheriff Keena. Burgess was captured in
Gilroy by Constable White. He con
fessed and told where he had sold the
rig in Browns Valley.
Drs. Shores, the Catarrh and Chronic Disease Experts,
Give Their Services Free This Week.
■ x- ==^-*< s ~^w In crder to demonstrate to the sick and afflicted the value of CORRECT
J%P'^''<r^^k. ' DIAGNOSIS in the cure of Deafness. Catarrh and all forms of Nervous and
( e>* i *>^ Complicated Chronic diseases, Drs. Shores have arranged to examine abso-
%• <$«» v lutely free of charge all who apply before December 15. Drs. Shores will tell
£r :'V , MftM you, FREE, what the disease is from which you suffer, the "CAUSE" of
S?^«&&?^4 wl vour ai ! ment and "WHETHER" or not you can be CURED.
$S§y \' ! tc1^/iw\ • This grand special o.Tcr goes into effect AT ONCE and holds Rood every
p®f '%r day this week up to SATURDAY NIGHT AT 8 O'CLOCK, DECEMBER
\ I -* .^'3\k// 14, to all who apply. Difficult and obscure cases especially invited. Apply any
mUff^mmSmk day this week. WRITE. IF YOU. LIVE AWAY FROM THE CITY..
f,W»ifir for FREE EXAMINATION BLANKS, and take advantage of this special Vf~
.^M^fefe- TEST DRS. SHORES' SKILL '
: - AT DRS. SHORES' EXPENSE
S. P. MITCHELL, 478 Frederick St., S. F.,Cal. This free expert examination is given by Drs. Shores for the special benefit of those who
.__.,., „ are in DOUBT as to what their ailment really is. it will also allow the public to test.
ASTHMA FREE. Drs. Shores' skill as expert physicians and specialists at Drs. Shores' expense. Dr».
READ THE TESTIMONY OF MR S P Shores court the fullest Investigation. This expert ' examination Is absolutely free to all
MITCHELL, THE WELL-KNOWN COMMIS^ j£° »PP! y T^' or |^!^rJ' c r r JI; r ]£^L WIL1 ' NOT BE REQUIRED TO TAKE TREATMENT
SION MAN? an old resident: OR PAY DRS. SHOREfe ONE CENT.
Mr Mitchell save- "I hava lived in San Drs. Shores know there are thousands of sick people with Catarrh or some OBSCURE
Francisco for theTast twenty-five years; my NERVOUS OR COMPLICATED CHRONIC DISEASE *ho blindly doctor year after year
occupation is commission business and insur- wl » h tnls doctor and that, and spend hundreds of dollars on "FAKE -PATENT MEDT-
ancef and a great many people know me. I CINES." who have no correct or definite Idea of WHAT THEIR AILMENT REALLY 13
HAVE SUFFERED GREATLY FROM ASTH- or th* CAUSE of their sickness. It lls to this c^ss of Bufferers that Drs. Shores' free ex-
MA for the past three years and from CA- P* rt examination will prove of INESTIMABLE BENEFIT.
TARRH FOR FORTY YEARS. MY BREATH- lt vou are a "Doubtlnjf Thomas" as to Drs. Shores' skill; If you are deaf: if you h*T»
ING WAS VERY BAD. I WOULD CHOKE Catarrh; ir you suffer from any Chronic Disease and are in DOUBT as to the CAUSE
UP AT NIGHT UNTIL I WOULD have to of your ailment. Drs. Shores especially invite vou to come. This free expert examination
SIT UP IN BED TtO BREATHE The loss of ls made t0 DEMONSTRATE clearly to the afflicted that DRR SHORES ARE "IN FACT"
my natural reft T reduced me Tin^strenrth until WHAT THEY ARE IN NAME. SAN FRANCISCO'S LEADING SPECIALISTS IN THK
"became VERY WEAK^VND RUN DOWK TREATMENT OF DEAFNESS, CATARRH AND ALL FORMS OF NERVOUS A\D
MY STOMACH ALSO WAS BAD complicated chronic diseases. DRS. SHORES' VOLUNTARY TESTIMONIALS FROM
M "Th? S °waf my^ondklon whe?- I applied to HOME PEOPLE EACH WEEK POINT THE WAY. If you apply this week Drf fho?£
Drs. Shores THREE WEEKS AGO. Drs. wnl tel1 y° u fre * ™ h ** £ our a»ment la and If you can be cured. CO NOT DELAY. COMB
Shores' treatment and medicines helped me ANY DAY THIS T\ EEK. _-,„„ .. „ m
from the FIRST DAY. I can now breathe easy . A " er . v0 . u nave had ,T?? r CR9 « dlatrnosed. FREE. If you want to be CURED. Drs. Shores*
at night, and my stomach is better. I ,-FEEL Prices, * nd terms are wth.n easy reach of all. $5 a month for all catarrhal chronic dlsea»e«.
STRONG NOW AND CAN WALK WITHOUT medicines free. Consultation JREE TO ALL.
BEING SHORT OF BREATH. . __ ' : ~*-\'m'm rfc. V>
MAgYc in°my cawl^nd I^a^'pFe^sure^n i| W H A> SU Ss t% T 1^
recommendlnir them to all sufferer* from 1/1%^O \X OIl\/B4L.Oa OpeClallSIS.r
ASTHMA and catarrh, for their treatmont has •wKBk4) t& - J
done wonders for me. Permanently HISTORY RI III fllMft T)^ MARE^FT 2d Floor A. n
(Signed) S.P.MITCHELL. Located in ****& » Ul « ■ DlllLUIWlf, / Z3 tVIAKSVt 1 S I . pranciSTo cZl
.478 Frederick St., San Francisco. Cal. Otflce Hours— Week Days, 9 a. m. to 4 p. m. Evenings, S to 8. Sundays, 10 a. m. to 13 noon.
MURDER CAUSES
SECOND TRAGEDY
Grief of Victim's Widow
Deprives Her of
Reason.
Mrs. Delia Rader "Will Pass
Her Remaining Days ;!
in an Asylum.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, Dec. 7.— Mrs. Delia Rader
was to-day for the second time commit
ted to the Napa Insane Asylum. As she
la now 50 years old it is uuitc probable
that she will end her days tnere. and this
seems to be the finale of an unusual fam
ily tragedy that had its opening chapter
five years ago.
John Rader was a goat and sheep
raiser of the Bald Hills section, near Gas
Point He and his neighbor. David Mau
pin. quarreled over pasture lands. As
Rader drew rein one day in the midst or
his children David Maupin shot him dead
from his saddle. Clay Taylor made a
famous plea in court for Maupin and ne
was acquitted. , ,
Mrs. Rader's mind gave way over grief
for her husband and ahe was taken from
her four son3 and daughter and sent to
the Napa Asylum. After a year she grew
stronger and was discharged. lor sev
eral year* Mrs. Rader has been living
with relatives in Trinity County. Re
cently she came back to ths old family
scenes at Gas Point. Ten days ago aha
suddenly became demented again and
since then has tried in many ways to
end her life. To-day her son, E. N. Ra
der, having given up hope, brought his
mother to town and she v. r a3 recommitted
to the asylum.
ATTOBNEYS ARGUE OVEB
SCHOOL BOARD AFPATBS
Method of Procedure and Stato Law
Sones of Contention in Zim
merman Case.
The case of "William Zimmerman, Ger
man teacher at tha Polytechnic 'High
School, who applied for. an injunction re
straining the Board xtt Education from
trying him on charges preferred against
him by Principal W. N. Bush, wm sub
mitted yesterday for decision by Judge
Murasky. Attorney Stephen V. Costello
appeared on behalf of the teacher and
Assistant City Attorney Brobeck defended
the board. _„
Brobeck Insisted that tho Board of Ed
ucation had absolute control of tho teach
ers ln the School Department by virtue
of powers conferred on it by the laws of
the State, which the charter could not
override. He called the court's attention
to the number of writs issued by the
courts, and declared that they greatly
hampered the board in , the discharge of
its duties.
Attorney Costello, who contends that
charges must be preferred by the Super
intendent of Schools, said that "while
there was no doubt that the State law
invested the board with the power to in
vestigate charges there was nothing ln
the statutes providing any method of pro
cedure. The charter has provided a
method," said Mr. Costello, "and by so
doing has not abridged in any way the
powers of the board."
Brobeck then said: "Supposing the Su
perintendent refuses to prefer charges,
then the board is powerless to act, ac
cording to your argument."
"The Superintendent will do hla duty,
I suppose," retorted Costello; "at least
the law presumes so."
WELL-KNOWN FEESKBLAN
BUBIED AS A PAUPEH
Henry Karstens, Formerly of the
Virginia Chronicle and Stock
ton Mail, Dies Unnoticed.
A representative of the Eagle Society,
a fraternal order of liquor dealers, called
at the Morgue yesterday- to claim tho
body of Henry Karstens, who was found
last Saturday lying on the sidewalk at
the intersection of Third and Howard
streets, and who died of pneumonia short
ly afterward. The dilatory Eagle was in
formed that Karstens had been burled
by the city undertaker, no one having
come forward to claim his remains. Kar
stens was well known in Virginia City,
Nev., and in Stockton, Cal. lie was a
pressman in 1878 on the Virginia Chronicle
and on the Stockton Mail in the early
eighties. About three years ago he won a
prize in a lottery and opened a saloon on
Third street, between Mission and Steven
son, afterward removing to the basement
on the northwest corner of Howard and
Third streets.
Suit3 for Divorce Filed.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday
by John B. Garneau against Isabella
Garneau for desertion, Clara Ellse Veazle
against William Everett Veazie for de
sertion. Wanda Fogarty against Charles
Fogarty for desertion. J. W. Johnson
against Annie May Johnson for desertion
and Mary Johnson against August John
son for failure to provide.
Suit for Damages Filed.
Mrs. E. A. Roddy filed a suit for dam
ages against the Market-street Railway
Company yesterday, for damages which
she alleges she sustained by being thrown
to the ground by the sudden starting of
a Halght-street car at the corner of Ma
sonic avenue and Haight street. She
asks for $25,000.
A NEW ANNOUNCEMENT. jS
askIor a book
Send No Money— Simply Learn If I
Know How to Cure Yea.
I will mall the book wanted If you will
send me your address. Don't let doubt
or prejudice keep you from aaklngr for It.
with the book I will send an order on
your druggist for six bottles Dr. Shoop 1 3
Restorative, and he will let you test lt
a month. If satisfied, the coat is JS.EO.
It it fails. I will pay your druggist my-
self.
No other physician ever made such an
ofter; none ever will. I do lt because I
have discovered a remarkable remedy,
and millions need it. I want them to
It Is a treatment that strengthens tha
Inside nerves. It brings back the power
that operates all vttal organs; the only
power that can ever make them strong.
I have furnished the remedy to over a
half million people on these terms, and
39 out of each 40 have paid for it because,
they v.-ere cured. I will rely on your hon-
e?tv; j»nd If I fail, not a penny is wanted.
Won't you wri^ a postal to learn about
a remedy like that?
SimDlv stat<| «ork No. I on DySpep^la.
...,' h tmnir v, c\ Book No. 2 on the Heart,
which book v. uj Bj<jk N _ o 3 on the K)< 3 ne^
want, and addr»ss Book N - o 4 for onle j, ,.
Dr. Shoop. Box 630. j pooh m 0 . 5 for Men, (s«altfv|
Racine. Wis. I Book No. ( on Rheumatism.
Mllci cases, rot chronic, are often cured
by one or two bottles. At all druggists*.
SHIP A WITNESS
BACK TO CHINA
Friends of Alleged Mon
golian Murderer
Active.
Sacramento County's District
Attorney to File Sensa
itional Affidavit.
Sswelal Dispatch, to TS» Can.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 7.— A sensational
affidavit in the case Ng Yet, charged with
the murder of Chew Jew, and awaiting
trial in the Superior Court, has been pre
pared and sworn to by District Attorney
Baker and will be presented to th© court
when the casa is called on Monday morn
ing. District Attorney Baker alleges that
a Chinese named Young Sam, an Im
portant witness for tho prosecution, has
been paid 5300 by persons Interested in
clearing the accused, and shipped to
China in order that his damaging testi
mony will not be available when the case
is tried.
It will be further alleged that friends of
the defendant have paid to th© relatives
of the murdered man $300, as balm for
their grief and an Inducement not to be
too clamorous for the conviction of the
accused. Tho District Attorney will ask
for a reasonable continuance of th© cas©
to enable him to obtain other evidence,
but as th© testimony of Young Sam la
regarded as the most Important bearing
on the case, it appears that the crafty
Chinese have won a victory over the
prosecuting: officers by spiriting Young
Sam out of th© country.
MAKING * A'PPT^TflT.T/rpTgT?
OF ST. MABTS SQTJABB
Representatives of Improvement As
sociation Confer "With. Board
. of Works.
Representatives, of the St JIary'r'
Square Association appeared before th*
Board of Public Works yesterday regard
ing the appraisement of the lands de
sired to be acquired for a park. The
Board of Works was recently directed by
the Board of Supervisors to estimate the
value of the lands which are bounded by
Pine, California, St Mary's and Dupont
streets.
F. S. Shadburne, president of the asso
ciation, argued that the lands could be
bought by condemnation for $123,000, the
amount proposed to be incorporated iu
the bond issue. After considerable dis
cussion the three members of the Board
of Works and the representatives of the
association adjourned to visit the prop
erty under consideration.
To Test an Ordinance.
John Nolan Sr., who has livery stables
at 1611 California street, Is to test the
validity of the ordinance which imposes a
tax of U per month upon proprietors of
such stables. With that object In view
C. F. Knerr. deputy Tax Collector, swore
to a complaint in Judge Mogan's court
yesterday for Nolan's arrest on the
charge of refusing to pay the tax. When
he called upon Nolan he was told that
the Merchants' Association had advised
him not to pay the tax and he proposed
to test the validity of the ordinance.
Small Loss by Fire.
A defective flue in the kitchen of the.
lodging-house at 12 "Washington street,
occupied by Charles Anderson and owned
by Mr. Livingstone, caused damage by
fire yesterday afternoon to tne extent of
$250. The adjoining building. 14 "Washing
ton street, known as the "Washington Ho
tel, occupied by M. Lamb and John Ja
cobsen and owned by Mrs. Mills, was
slightly damaged. Alarms were rung in
from two boxes In the neighborhood.r THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE ■ EMPORIUM. | ;\ THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. " THB EMPORIUM.
- ■ , . . , . ■ . . . ' . . ■ v " •-.'■■■. „■-.■■■■■ - - - ■ ■ ■ ■'
I Beginning to-morrow the Emporium wiJ ba open every week-day evening until Christmas. S
I The Holiday Hdkfs.—— Mdse. orders. mii^mgimAHIlIi aiusio special Rich Gut Glassware if
fa* : -jL v rb jt If in doubt what to give, buy a Merchan- Rjl hUbBI llgB£rmi B WtoB BJyMB KB WjBBr)Kl7||l H R&afcfrl #-»■« MnMfliir /3 A /TA^. l9i^ UA g^_.^ . V
£ J^^5^$&-'.. -EXflP*&* di«Order. We sell them for any amount, || fif B BT 1 twlOnaay m ME iLB&fltm &&OPQ ITIFICQSm S
£ J? &^5>'' > >^^ Th « Holiday Handkerchief at Glote^ountSn *LJLIT'' Buy || gj S^^ CaliforrNJSw^ L2)wr<$C5t^SP^^ BWS Harm ' 8 Mandolin Folios, containing Rare, rich cuttings, idected §
*° &L \ jl^r-v'ic&s^ Belling is more than ever the fa W XmuffiL^-tX'n-aJk C\r*X\e\f*X\ Strife . the latest hits, including "TeU Me, from Americi'j most noted fkc- \ti$$wf *
I t _ anofferingol & ■ Egg^nc^s orsuvdeat 5|p^gP MiTSt" 4 ' '™; .«"-«i» « i*- M 3
*.* st- "\5r .v j c 1 c_ n i mji *aMt£wwmJlc(2M^%y~—M^ flrilSt /-UnTTVvi/v AJrrD » Palm, and many otner regular is c m *m V*s-fT mr *V//^5aVI7 V
\ \ J f»t and St GT^/Tnth^Tit than 3000 design, "in Ca.endars, /^ t^ J^^ & &*S* S* <2t iK-p4-^ piece,'; special Monday. . 17C hf S , Hoar'., Bergin's, Empire, W $
% J>fX .'I • - r Z \l ™* *™ Y^ Cards. M» n ; & fl tj£2*?m lii^ Sud^Fl I TS We receivc cach m ° nth ffOm aU the etc. Unmistakably the best dis- 1^
K &£$> «!^8 concern from present cost pnees The d$dnctivcl cffcct , t0 5end % \ J ■ fl4^^;^^^ * * V^^ music publishers one each' of their new publi- p] ' Tn FrandscO On dl«- If S
K Jr^gC Fnces quoted bdow are unquesconably beyond all Ea£tern fr /. nds _ /^* IS r^W^S O 4, «tions. Mu.iy of these will be hits in a few P ay in ban Tranasco. Un 0M- WI
** X eoopeenon. . Calendars", each 8c to $5.GO "l^tv <J^ /W^m^^^JfL^^^^li Z~ S'lT^ A^\ months. Monday we offer 300 pieces, fn ?}*Y sale in a bcautliully de- £§!$%& g J
* Sj%£p> I Vcny Sa GCla /■—Commencing to-morrow we Christmas Cards, each . . /c to $1 4 QO i Of A^to% HM «^ » i « &^ Ji. onJy one of a kind, per copy . . . BUG signed, brilliantly light CUt-glui il%g||$\ fff Jt
k° offer 300 do en of this season's mast drsirablc sheer »J» ~ & mL %&■ *»• *■> A' Sa^m^m* SL M> A **• A •^•"1 room on the main floor, special- K iSfeffl B fi "*
t  SnSS^ vSJS^ 1 1 of S ott«t Begin to make your gift purchases to-morrow. In a day or so the inevitable rush will set in, and unless all signs fail this year will be a record ly marked at most economical | |
JanMjjg 2 S C 6C >' lcs ; suitable for' Holiday gifts; "S £^ /f% rea^ cr - Nowhere else so much of merit for your money as here. Nowhere else such an elaborate showing of charming Christmas Merchandise — practical, prices. ig%5»!s$sa ft*Bft e*% §
V % cach ItvODG pretty, dainty, durable snd desirable presents. Noteworthy bargains in Holiday Goods. Monday's multitudes will gather here, for the selling and saving will 5* Jnc h Bonbon Dishes, with handle •*• • ,^Sj*|§57 v '^~? j«
I °s:S5>^srts ; ■ ■■■ - - ■■ ■ ■■■ : ■■ -■ ' - sass^S 1 *^ •*s-?s:*ifts i|
$ A Great Holiday Sale of Beau- Holiday Stationery, Playing irA^^i^,^: : : «8: "kS& I
A* collectjoa that has ever been shown on the coast, comprising sheer *** B ***t m m *r*-t m- —^ ' ' ' •■ - f. T c PP^ ' jTl 1 "Pi F« r" • • • •• _ ~ *n J*T% **
S W-e^broldcred, and Jinca ccntcn, trir^ned tifwl COi^^GCl SllkS* G&fii®, CMpS, MO^GlfiGSj, EtC. £. Va^. T .^ '. # . I I08 S S-OO |
I SSSSsS^.- ■•■??.« the^^ft^fe^S'TSI^ I
JJ $l-5D, $2.00. : 2.50. $3.50, $5.00 to $ 5.00 known aS PeaU Sultana, abOUt 2 COO yards in all. ThiS Silk One-quire box Whiting's fancy-shape Envelopes and Paper, in one, 4 tints ... jm **-. — -** TJVfcw £M*»#%£r S
J Unca Center Pont Rose Lace Handkerchiefs . . . . J^ & beautiful rich fmjsh, j S perfectly dyed and Ohe. Of .'...,.. 5OC MUrOOM M OJf 9WOCK ,|
x udiesMnitiaiH«Qk^kfs-Bo'xe; of kaif dozen at .'..'.'..'. the best wearing qualities of the season's weaves. We vc " quirc bo^ fine Papcr> Squarc Envclo P" t0 mat f h » 3 tints........ ©5o MOW S&f US BQSHw x
K 90c. $1.50 and $3.00 h fh f o ii ow f n « rn 1 n rincr<; t -7 in all- Three-quire Upright Cabinet, containing Paper and Envelopes in 3 tints and T T • 1 T , «r M.« V«4^_ *
a£ nave me luiiuwnig COlonilgb, 17 in ail. , sizes in a box 85c suc^ 1 * showing elsewhere west of New rea*— i
| The Holiday BOOk StOre wSS {Sfo«n ■ SuTose 6 I^wn ' Fo^^a^ga^y|gua%^ 50,000 square *« flow «^ 1
If OtterS EntiCina Bar StainS. Knk Lavender Gobelin Hunter's Green • Large assortment of . Fancy Holiday Boxes .$#00 to 52 51 Toy 3 and Games of all kinds. YlttXj thbff >« ,5c each, jj
«T J~* • V. r. u 1 tj ! Light Blue Gray Nary Blue Reseda Cardinal Playing Cards in leather cases . 75(3, 85O, $1.00, $1.25, $2.00 beautiful toys at $$O and til the prfcd b between. . 40O J
af With one exception the Emporium has the largest Book Thcsc silks are manufactured express i y tor high-class waists and f oh " Set— Hardwood Revolving Racks, 4 packs of cards and 300 i#-inch chips . . 2>75O extra people to serve yon now in this one department. «
Department in America. The present stock aggregates costumes, and arc regularly sold at J 1.2 5 the yard; a big special AQa U^her Library Set-Sterling sUver trimmed, desk blotter, roUer blotter, inksttnd and pen- g^/Jg Monday- A rtron,, ftfl kid body --. l{
I c^^'°uJ'S n Id^&^^«; " &&<s : : : :z6c^% 3 d°o S^^feM t tl £k
I n l2 Headquarters lot* Christmas .Jowoit^, Silvorwat^. ■'^^H^^is^ 7^ I
J "Tbt Crisis— By Winston Churchill Y^-So"' 5^ SO Department Store prices-<or fine Jewelry, Solid Silver and Silver- Plated Ware and Clocks. A very large and beautiful Holiday Stock now ready, in- JjjJJJ JJ^JJJ^^^^. X . 4 3 7© //sij j
V "The Eternal City" — By Hall Caine.. 150 SO eluding many Exclusive European Novelties in Jewelry and dainty Bijouterie.* <Znnnlal Mnnriav Fine kid doll. 17 bches /^y\)
*£ ««Tb.e Right of Way"— By GUbert Parker . . . 1.50 98 ..^ . long, as shown la picture,' roll metal riveted »t a/ VJ «
Y* "The Co'uffin"— By Marriett 1.5° 65 jPj^jgjK flbi. ***j*xi'**^k — . >^^t#»v^^__^nii^^ -^ , — knees hips and elbow* bisque forearms, fiae bisqtt* \S\ S3 3k
*k Hundreds of Other titles at like reductions. Open Face Enam- Ladies* Solid Gold Ladies' Gold Filled Boys* Nickei Open Men's Gold Filled Ladies' Solid Gold Gentlemen's Intag- ' Fine French Opera idiSr^Z^— J^ 2^*^ tern— \\ S
»* n eled Watch — With Hunting Case Watch Hunting Case Watch Face Watch— Amer- Hunting Case Watch Ring — Single .stone, Ho Watch Charm — G:ass — Folding ex- *»*^ "^--_ Made of I «
* Lu^rnthnura Library nf Gift Books I fieur de lis chatelaine -Hkt. satin finish, -With a reliable ican movcmcnt stem -E^ Wa 'tham or ' clusters, g y p s y set- v«y e h o i c e hand tension handle, blue . „ fc^ J
* i-C/X'- mauUry imiarary OI VUrt auunz* I 1 ] ar ge diamond in Waltham or Elgin , ' Elgin movement, tings, etc., 50 or , ' . Iron, with is slides ol.t/l/>"—— —^ > "•
J. I ' P'n to match, put up case, fulljewel Wai- movement, cut shows winder, pendant set, guaranteed for 20 more very pretty cutting, solid gold enameled, with silver (^5,^ Tea Set, 13 pieces, prettily decorated} j | J
V Bcausf-!!y bound in haadsoaie decorated, cloth, gold sapped cover design, in pretty velvet case, tham or Elgin move- one of several designs a good timepiece, ■ years, many designs styles, choice for . . mount, a bargain at fleur de Us decorations, on ]y 5^O C^> fj \i "jft
*1 gilt top, each volume separately boxed. Published at $1.50 each. only. . . $7t5O rnent .. $48, OO • • . . $9.85 only. . .$2.50 • • . • $15.45 ... . $2. SO .... $3.00 complete. .$Q.OO Tin Kitchen, with utensils; very bright . 25O W"*** 1 •**
J» Our price » . . $1.23 „ . - . . • China Toilet Set — Handsomely decorated, 7 ,i=55=* 2»
* r ' Alhambra, Irving Romola, Eliot £~*\ Ji Jf H h ' ' ■ pieces $1,(00 * * ■' H J?
*t Cloister and the Hearth, Head Scottish Chief, Porter /JsSu ' <fcv) /^^v B H M ' v . rff**^ lb^7J777 mmm ~ mm %. Mechanical Jock'y — On 4-wheel sulky, with horse * • • • . 50 O 3
ft SSffiS: SciT 1Cy T^reeNfuskete^Dumas i^^lh Wfe //^ i V 1^, wW/// 1 B Stovt-Shape just like picture nickel- =^ J
Jane Eyre. Bronte Tale of Two Cities, Dlcken3 v "fffa 4wr»*V> /v^i=^CT «-»TT-r'' l ;5 , !!^.._~r' /a/a^^SdSfejJfe^^ 1YV WJ$V I r///'/// 13 plated, complete with utensils . CIO Q-ggrV^ '*
* John Halifax. Mulock Twenty Years After, Dumas *^*vV*^'VJjf d if^^^^^^^J^^T^ /^/Q^^^'^»«^5«^5SSi!i*g t^Os^' >is!>L III' £7 ' ron " a S on — Size 9 by 18 bches, body a yB5^g==?_~"' T"*i •»
J^ .... , a^j^^ m *U~~ a *~ G .Ut Novelty Clock— - Eight-Day Gilt Clock— Eight - Day ' Mantel Sterling Silver Novelties— Handles 3 Cologne " Bottles Brush, Comb and Minor— Solid silver P 1^^"-'- $1,73 \
S JnTT^y^n rana~a Leatner rOBZSi Cupid holding wreath, runs Cupid driving chariot, jew- Clock — 11x17 inches an d 3 % inches long, 925-1000 fine, style —Sterling silver backs » gray finish, in satin-lined case f-35ttT&— lfN^Sa-H Chauta U q U a % *^
V f^^S^CCy^N -A" assortment Of sixty titles of the 24 hours, good timekeeper eled with brilliants, will half-hour and hour cathe- a! in picture; any one of the 9 articles , . $10.00 \^7/t^>J\/^^ M ' Blackboard, jg^y^ • *T
V I SrW^^ world's greatest pcets. Printed from $2,75 not tarnish . . &9.OQ dral gong strike; cbonized shown above for 5OC P ° a> J^TZ Brush W d Comb— In satin-lined cases \UJ^^J<^^^ That can be £M||MX .J
£ I entirely new plates, on a sup:rior rt , . , c OM o , , wood, with bronze trim- Other styles of handles in same assortment, • ' ' '$3 75 . . . . $1 85 to $22 SO ■ converted In- ffl 1 |1|M 1 «
* <2y*%' g»de of book papeV. Bound b genie seal Other un^ue styles of Gilt Clock, . ... mings and bronze figure each .. 35O, 5 JO, 65O Other styles- clothes Brush-Gray finish, m solid sil- to , desk, complete w,th 47 P«««» JsWSSi ■ . |
£ m4&<& father, embossed front and back, title stamped $1-5O, $2.53, $3, 93.5O, $4 tt»$2D $6-00 75O, 85C, $1 and $1,5O $1.50 to $1000. ver back ... $2,5 J to $6.00 „, m • •-.' * ' * . *. ' S f' S ° » «
* : f if iPlS i ° n Smd tack - la *?*'* COniei3 ' ' -'' ' -_— -—^-^^-^ ' Coolly aeep-^Thite, t « H - J J ' S
l Bro^nir.g. Elizabeth Barrett M^^t°hTKin^Tennyson WAMW^ 1 4^^W/^^^ «^. J/mAJF j^^^^^^^^^f Sk^Uw^O^pfatSrm.'wTth v'ofce';'. cow thft 3
V Cary, Alice Phoebe Light of Asia, Arnold -...-, .— », ~- •■ ■■ • • 7So -^^fcSillLfirrtfTli """
* Campbell Locksley Hall, Tennyson Rich Cut Glass Puff Heavy Silver Pu-se This Rogers Bros.* quadruple - plated Beautiful Game and Roast Child's Sec — Rog- Roger Bros ' *'l84.7" 6 Children's Boxing Gloves^ Set (tjt^ai.1 '■ T r 1 '^^5fTTftf|TfffH}l "^
V CnlldeHa?^ C plSlm aB e Henr> ' & *~ Box-Hea^ silver top; -Fish scale mesh Tea Set-Colonial shape, satin finish; Carving Sets- S pieces, selected crs Bros.' make," hoi- ,.-:„„ c ,-_]., 6 teasnoon , of 4 gloves . . $1.OO N^^^Mf Hj
Departmental Ditties, Kip- Poe, Edgar Allan to $7.50. to $22 ?0. Other sets— $10.00 to $45.00. . . $3,50 to $12,51 25c to $1.25. . .•9tU*4D Chatterbox— The children's favorite story book, 1901 edition .. 75o J*
jtf ling Pope, Alexander ! • ■ ■ : ! • -— . i Jt
I pf%rS»?°- |BS|§ir B "— A Holiday Dinner Set. $zo Fur Capes *t+ The Holiday Qloves. Oriental |
J» Gow/n l^ejend, Longfellow Rubalyat of Omar Khayyam . . J- > f 3 !! " Wnat a delightful >Q§€nii<F» Electric Seal Cape, N i;W Sitti N0V3i SivtBSm £%&% EBf%HtM£b\t &n ft fJl f& G£ J*
V Goldsmith Scott. Sir Walter J^-^-^-*-^^%f^ F " ent ' We can U^^^ style as shown in ™ .. t , r . _.■ , .... • •■ G)Httft MTIZJJM&ileSJJ 0»W#UT«» jg
ii Goethe Shakespeare «^^^-^/5^^^5t •^..••-1 _ jS&s hear a hundred illmtration « mnA? We sell thousmds or pars o\ Gloves for holldav gifts i^2^W»i\L^. ~. . -r , jt o
S § il Eto " S OO - SS^"*- '^M^^j! »™*°t- «PIL S"Sa"5£ -A W -king a™^,, m on,h, ah,,d .vi*^ jf^^fe - SiSSS. ZTJt?S°£™. $
X Hiawatha. Longfellow £ cl ? me r cv 1 VVi^^-/>^A. /L^^^^Rf in S>. WI | en u V MtJlM§ Z ' skins, well cut and foreign manufacturrrs to supp y us for this occasion with |R^*ir^'^ffc ment, U one of the Holiday sights of The <*
*, c Hemans' Poems Tales from Shakespeare V?"^^/ ■ /<ft*t^My received one of these f^^"sJ»^ "mlrndidlv 1 i n e d u 1 , • • L j • • , • T r •• 9Jjffir'J\-lry2if} „ '. tV mi c j j- 1 j <T
J 1 Hptoe? PoTrns. O. TV. Tennyson's Poems \f"_/ <^^ ben quality English •P 1 " ldldI y lln f d the very latest novelties in the daintiest colorings. If you anticipate get- Emporium. Here you will find on daplay and <*
ft, 1 Holmes Wordsworth, William <T^ ,^> "" ' -Ts^ c " • •; fY /^/4luV W n«vy satin; ting gloves as a present and do not know the size or color desired, buy a ne c l° lssons » bronzes, ivories, Oriental >j
Jf Homer's Iliad n \\£*^ft ArrKHi^T .1,™ r*!w,Lr™ /^2^ f I s'j^^ they were made to Glove Order for the amount you wbh to spend. - Ladies' K : d Gloves Chinaware, handkerchiefs, quabt toys, silk '. \-}i
J Tte most compute line of ckidrenS books on the « « Th fL "Xft*,-. «» #//| I M^fj. S h ?* ™ tb ° ro " 8h * i "-'" i ' b "' mt " nKd '" n ™ c0!t f ""° KT' 1 hi^ b °° y Sf™"!
j: Bi& SpsoiaS Saffe T*m±**L;y/^\\\\\\\\-.Mn'.po'^V&>** ,914.00 'hm\ <« ST'^'J : ;
«C »»«t mm m *nxa- Thin flown Glass Lemonade or Water Sets — Fancy shape pitcher, . T ,.,,,.. •. 1 en '■ vfy^R\ \ v\ Vv\ A\ ParU noint harb« a One of the special offerings in this department Jt
I of Holiday Slippers. %*a^J?a^a jmii :SHS, : J^STT-1fc= l i=s:at.^7^ 1
V worsen and children. To particularly M'v2£&{&f& *33a*M*jr KjSMTaKS & *Zif&GM llm,Gtijjjaa(U?er£2> special sale price 3?fO«</«S U) / l\ ///// \ / \y W Re y mer Sucde OUC P Jt
*k direct your aaentioa to this stock, we /|^^^ Pp:C<9S to'PIeaSO the Thrifty. Sable Hare Collarette with yoke of Baltic seal. '/ ,,\ ///// \\^L_ \\ Gloves —Soft, vel- Ell *%$ m *B ~*\B B?BB9+m£ fh 5 BH (M Q «
i have selected three of our best sdlbg A^^^ Hams-Best Eastern sugar cured, £upe ior Table Claret - From Satin «?P l-ing, high collar, stylish with i\ 1 \ (^VS\T" / fit Wonderful P f U Wl I & *S SMTig & * j
£ ladies* Juliets, and reduce them for Mon- Monday only, lb . .' . . /Jc the Livermore Valley; 4 years tailor suits. Regularly $ S . 00; _ 1\ J^A V 7 \\\V . /-3J ; ' ™" tuJ wear - Space will permit us to take but a '1
» day and Tuesday to « fg C> <^S I Soda Cracke- — J| boxes, regularly old, and well worth 75c a gallon; special sale price 3, «?•<£«> IJ^ I \^T ] tf " g H* 1 I 1 ' glimpse of the large and varied stock ) •*
Jk" H* B Mitfrqjt 45c, on Monday .. . . 3SG Monday only 39c Gt *Y Mouflon Collarette with yoke of gray ' of \fen's Outfitting^ that are suitable r - ]f
Jk° The assortment of Juliets on »le in- <^_^ y<Z-} Luce » Oil— Crosse & Blackweil's, 5 ratio is for $1 ik Astrachan. This season's latest combination New Trefousse Kid and Suede Gloves, pair $2,00 for Holiday gif:s. Rest assured that t£I=3jy?~lQjh *
X dude best quality black felt with fur trimmed pints on Monday .. . . 35® . . - for Mbses' wear. Regularly a» 3 f* Children's New French Kid Gloves, the pair tf/ OO the assortments are large, the styles / Y\^i0/ JSjj / jj
} tops and gold trimmed dps; best quality black and red quilted satin with fur Van Camp's boup — Assorted, 'WIIHs' Anderson Ccunty Whiskey . $17.50; special sale price . 2&*3bmU{J New Napoleon Kid Gloves worth 42.00 pair for «?# 7% -correct,' and then there are the : S *\\j£3f E/jf I J
Jf trimmed tops and best quality red and maroon colored Juliets with colored Monday, 3 tins . . . . 25O —Hand-made sour mash; distilled California Beaver Collarette; yoke of electric . ■•' ' * * * ' '9 mm MO savings made possible by department / • IU fffllsMffff §
* kid vansp and felt tops to match; all have hand-turned soles; we have all Kcna > off e — The celebrated per- /■ in 189 ij regularly $4.00 gallon, seal. Finished with tab ends and 8 toils. ~~~ \ " "~- ~ store prices.- %^ ' y}l*j&fKj&ff Ifo. ~*
Z «iw of each style, and they would be an unusually good value at feet quality brand, Monday, lb . Monday only. ... . .$2,95 Extra heavy satin lining. Regularly j'iiftoj «« mm ■ Km j*' [ Men's Ho'Iday Suspenders — Nice fl\ J»
$ *•-»* __ p o ,-u-c. r ;.i-i,'F ? -^ Bo S;'. r : |uW? : {I : ro '.% m ak rr:-'/i $m.oo "Oliday Perfumes. *££•„ fu£\JZ >WM '3
i' Chatelaine Bag GfaSpS* Ccrcal Health Coffee, instead of Thome's 0 d Tcm Gin-Monday $ oo Balt ; c Seal Tie3 . . . . .$2.00 °*f cnomo ™ «ock includes every well- SO© / / J
•f «™ __. , "^ . , , " . , ., , 25c package, Monday . .fQo only, bottle.. .... .75c I ™ • 'i . v, it • »#• V o j *„ «- known make that is in demand in this If- O O irin^ nualitv «ilk web silver-mounted . - \— — V \^*^ J|
Jf /^ Mixed Nuts-Bestqu a lity,lb.i5C £h:w S M t - Regularly . .-, ,.00 *3-oo Blended California >M,nk Scarf $ 2 .OQ market, wh:ch we jetail at all times at . /J5*| AgMll buddes^n^L col'ors and fmcy figured effect,, packed in lundsome -J
V X$9 Bag Clasps, now so much in demand by Hoh- E . $tern Cheese— McLaren's lb. . bottle, Monday ..... 75 C $7.50 Sable Opossum . Fox Scarf; 2 large tails special department store prices. , For the ' //9//B«/W/fl ''' box ■ •• $100*
X SL^WewXnfAet^ C^,^ S weS SO W^^B "^^^7^
I Ke^y Be^nisKey^ Children's Angora CoHa^.o^OO "£^^ eL5 T " "^ |
V jS^S^ft at prices ranging from 5jC to $4.U0 Z u Zu Snaps and Oysterettcs, old; a good family Bourbon; full Ext^* SpBdal. Pretty box> containing 4 cakes of soap, I Th: N^w Dress Mtf I:r-The Oxford or Dress Muffler," in black, made S
If OuCtt, package . 5o quart bottle ....... 75© Another , lot of those fine Electric Seal Jackets bottle of perfume, x package^— ■ n^J/'^^yj^M o f «lk and satin, nicely quilted on inside with white, shape to fit the . £
*f @g&r If yon wish us to, we will do your bag mount- Eclipse Champagne — Genuine Emporium Cognac— 3 Star brandy have just arrived by express. They'are made sachet powder, only ... . . S5(Q neck. .- . . . . . ... • • • .:. . $1.50 if
J? *^ ing at very reasonible prices. Arpad Harasrthy, will be placed for cookbg; quart bottle . 65o of choice selected skins and cut in the very Handsome ■ package, . containing 1 %" oz. bottle Belezare Per- _._ Men's Gloves — Good quality dogskin, one of the best makes of gloves on %
X Cut Ste el Beads, all siies, per bunch 15o on sale Monday only. A limited Progress Beer — Pale Brewj pints, > latest style with or without beU sleeves. Look , fume— choice of all popular odors for ... . ... . . 25C the market, aU of the new shades, every pair guaranteed . . $1.5 1 X
K Cut GoU and Silver Beads, aU sires, bunch 2 *O quantity of this famous wine; $1.50 dozen; quarts, as good as Alaska seal and^ &*%g% r*M% "Chic," the new popular odor, special gift packages, i-oz. Men's In tia Ha dKerchiefs — Nice soft-finished- cambric, full size, with 5
jf Cutjet Beads, per bunch 5o and 1 C pint bottles ."... . . .. 38C $2.33 .dozen. wear almost as well .. . 9mfUmlfiU bottles ....... . . . . .• . . . 25C raised initial in corner, half dozen in box. Per box . . . . . 75o . g
EUBGLABS ENTER STOBE
thbjoxjgh bbicb: wall
Steal a Lot of Shotguns Which Are
Found in Their Pos
session.'
James Bulllvan and Charle. Chase
whom the police suspect of committing
several daring crimes, were arrested last
evening by Detectives Ryan and O Dea
and Railroad Officers Lewln and Klndelon
and charged with burglary. ! :
J On the night of December 6. It is said,
prisoners broke into Shreve & Bar
ber-s gun store, at EU Kearny street, and
etol« eight ehotruns. » eve "^ pIsto l?Ji?2
a lot of razors and knives. They effected
an entrance by boring a hole In the bncK
vail la tho rear of th« store and then
cutting a hole in the floor./
Last evening they were discovered on
Howard street, trying to dispose of the
stolen property.
A CUBE FOB ASTHMA.
Asthma sufferers need no longer, leave home
and business In crder to be cured. Nature has
produced & vegetable remedy that will per
manently cure Asthma and all diseases of the
lungs and bronchial tubes. Having tested Its
wonderful curative powers in thousands of
cases (with a record of SO per cent, permanently
cured) and desiring to relieve human suffer
ing. I will eend free of charge to all sufferers
from Asthma, Consumption, Catarrh, Bronchitis
and nervous diseases, this recipe In German,
French or English, with full directions for
preparing and using. Sent by mall. | Address
with stamp naming this paper, W. A. Koyes,
847 Powers block. Rochester, N. . T.
Brown stout— a fat Filipino.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1901.
TRIES TO DISPOSE
OF A STOLEN CHECK
Colored Man Admits He Committed
Theft While on Voyage
' From Manila.
Edward Knowles, a colored man. who
was recently discharged from the army,
was arrested last night by Detective Cole
man and locked up in the tanks.. Shortly
after 7 o'clock Knowles went into a cloth
ing 1 store on Washington street, near
Montgomery, , kept by A. Lichtenstein,
and after buying a suit of clothes pre
sented a check for $100 indorsed by Ever
ett Prince, also a discharged member of
the army.
Suspecting that ' the check did not be
long to Knowles Lichtenstein summoned
Detective j Coleman,< who placed Knowles
under arrest. ■
After being taken to the City Prison
Knowles broke down and admitted that
he had stolen the check from Prince while
en route to this city from Manila. An
other check for 5100, which he had stolen
at the same time from Sergeant -Edward
Davis, was found In his possession." He
will be turned over to the United States
authorities " to-day.'-
Calendars for 1 002.
"California Poppy," "California "Wild
Flower," •"Indian," - •"Chinese," "Japa
nese" and "Pipe Rack" calendars are the
beet for ; 1902. • For sale at Sanborn &
Vail's. . ' ■ ' . •
A fellow may be as thin as a rail and
still strike his gait when It comes to
fencing.' . , . ■•.■ , ■ • ■ .-•
LIQUOR MEN MAY HAVE
LICENSES REVOKED
Those Using Slot Machines for Gam
bling Cited to Appear Before
■ Commissioners.
The Police Commissioners have In
structed Chief "Wittman . to make a full
report of the number of nlckel-in-the-slot
machines seized during the present raid,
with the names and addresses of the sa
loon-keepers and grocers who used .them
for gambling purposes. He has been fur
ther . instructed ' to cite them to appear
before the board ; next Tuesday night to
show cause why their licenses should not
be revoked.*; f ;•'
At the meeting of the board Friday
night the Chief laid before the Commis
sioners the section of the charter which
gives them the power to order the ma
chines destroyed and Commissioner "Wal
lace said it was good law, confirming the
opinoin of the District Attorney. The
Chief stated that other saloon-keepers
and grocers have now got rid of these
gambling machines for fear, of arrest.
".; Seventeen arrests have been made and
an equal number of machines seized. Of
the seventeen men arrested, eight have
been convicted and fined, five cases con
tinued till Tuesday and four . till Thurs
day. In Judge Fritz's court yesterday
H. Schroeder, George H. Hayes anil
George Wobber appeared for sentence.
They had an attorney with them and
asked for new trials.- The Judge contin
ued the cases till Tuesday to . hear the
attorney's reasons, but Hayes and
Schroeder. came Into court later and paid
their fine of $5 each.
Flanagan Has Nimble Fingers,
Patrick Flanagan, who says he Is an
engineer, waa convicted by Judge Mogan
yesterday on a charge of vagrancy, and
will be sentenced to-morrow. Witnesses
testified that Flanagan was In the habit
of visiting hotels and saloons on the Bar
bary Coast and every time he left some
thing was missing. In his pockets were
found some certificates of stock that had
been stolen from T. F. Fresh, a guest at
the New "Western Hotel.
"Will Give a House-Warming.
The Young Men'8 Hebrew Association
of San Francisco will give a house wann
ing on Sunday, the 15tb lnst.. In Its rooms
in the former Supreme Court Quarters,
305 Larkin street. A special programme
of entertainment and dancing will be
.given afternoon and evening.
2526
NEW USES FOR MUSIC.
"l ROM a time that precedes, the beginning oihis
—4 tory the effect of music upon the human system
was known to exceed the mere pleasure derived
from the concord of sweet sounds. When Saul
was disordered- in mind his attendants knew of no. better
way of healing the distemper than that of getting David to
play before him upon the harp and sing to him; and we
may.be sure that was not the only instance in those re
mote old days when music was resorted to as a curative
agent for diseases of one kind or another.
All classes and races of men appear to have learned
very early in their history of the value of music in rousing
the mental and moral energies of men and fitting them
for the performance of dangerous duties. It is a very low
race of savages indeed that has not a martial music which
it uses in times of war to incite the courage of its soldiers.
Among civilized races this martial strain has been devel
oped to a high degree of perfection, so that it now con
stitutes one of the chief divisions of the musical art.
Priests from the oldest times have made use of music in
the ceremonies of religion, and schoolteachers have been
hardly less earnest in resorting to it as a means of bright
ening the minds of children at their school work.
Thus from the most ancient days music has been used
in medicine, worship, war and education. In our own
time it appears a new use is to be found for it. Several
tests have been made of its availability for increasing the
efficiency of labor, and according to those who have made
the tests the results have been 'uniformly good. Some
time ago we directed attention to a report of the use ol
music in a cigarette factory, where it is said the experiment
proved that the girls worked faster and worked better, as
well as more cheerfully, while the music was sounding
than when there was none. Since then several other ex
periments have been made and the results are said to have
been equally satisfactory.
Among those by whom the industrial test of music
has been- made is Elbert Hubbard, publisher of the well
known Roycroft volumes. He is said to have placed a
piano in every room of his plant and to have found" that
the music not only provided a pleasant diversion for his
employes but increased and improved their work. He is
reported to have stared in a recent address on the sub
ject: "The time is past when music can be regarded
merely as an amusement for idle'women or a source of de
light for children. It has a higher and wider function, and
I have noticed that its effect upon the nervous system is
marked."
It is not in factories and publishing houses only that
tests have been made. The Atlanta Constitution reports
that one of the largest railroad corporations in the South
in employing negro workmen has made it a rule to select
two musicians to every_ fifty employes, since it has been
found- that "when inspired by the song of their leaders and
permitted to join in- the chant, as they keep time with
pick or shovel, the negroes are less inclined to be morose,
and can perform a greater amount of work with less
fatigue than when working in silence."
It hardly seems right that music, heavenly maid,
should be taken from the church, the camp and the court
and set to working for an increase of human wealth but it
seems she has to meet the common fate. This is a practi
cal world. If music can help industry it must get in and
SOME IMPRESSION OF THE CHARMING
ENGLISH POETESS, ALICE MEYNELL.
CALIFORNIA Is very far from
Olympus! To Us It is not given,
except at rarest intervals, to
look upon the faces of our di
vinities. We are all more or
less the readers of books, and
yet the writers of books cross
our paths but seldom. Our literary loves
dwell in the distance. "We must be con
tent with worshiping from afar, accept
ing the good things that they send us.
very much as children accept the offer
ings of Santa Claus; the greater our de
light with that which is accorded us the
greater our regret that the gracious giver
must always be invisible. "He Is a beauti
ful old man." every natural child has
thought of Santa Claus, "but oh, to sec
him. to touch him and to hear him speak!"
Most of us with emphatic literary affec
tions are thus child-like toward our Joves
—to see them, to hear them speak— there
is a real thrill in the prospect! An idle
hero-worship, this sentiment is sometimes
called, but why? "We may read bi
ographies at length and be anything but
idle; we may righteously peruse chapters
that tell of Wordsworth's or of Tenny
son's personality; It is an indication of re
flned taste to Epend hours In the National
Portrait Gallery etudying the faces of
those who have made literature and his
tory. Should an Interest ln the personali
ties of those who are making literature
and history be less righteous or less re
fined?
Mrs. Alice Meynell, at present vleltlng
in San Francisco, ls one of the makers
of the literature of our time. No less
an authority than George Meredith has
classed her among the great English
women of letters. People who are famil
iar with' her writings and with the praises
bestowed upon her by such men as IU13
kiu and Coventry Patmore, or those who
have read the beautiful tributes in verse
by Francis Thompson, will expect much
of her personality and much will be ful
filled. A profound Intellectuality com
bined with the simplicity of a child, an
acute interest ln all life, ln all things
both great and small, with occasionally
the pardonable abstraction of the poet;
a eaint-like spirituality, and withal a
sense of humor that asserts itself in a
•well governed smile around the corners
of her mouth, are characteristics of Mrs.
MeynelL Her friend whom she is visiting
remarked to me concerning her: "She ls
a beautiful combination of genius and
eaint." I had long been acquainted with
the genius, the saintllness I divined at the
first meeting and was grateful for its ex
istence. Without the saint I might have
been afraid of the genius. As It Is, this
delightful combination of qualities ren
ders Mrs. Meynell the sweetest, the most
approachable of women. Never posing
herself, she requires no pose from those
who meet her. Her . physiognomy is a
tempting one to artists and yet adifflcult
one; the "heavenly light" that illumines
her countenance ls not easily caught • by
pencil or brush.
A sketch of her by Will Rothsteln, that
recently appeared in the Critic, is simply
a caricature, conveying no suggesUon of
the qualities that distinguish her. Even
the portrait by Sargent hardly does her
justice, although containing much of her
beautiful Epirft. There Is an Interesting
bit of history connected with the Sargent
drawing. Coventry Patmore, as every
body knows, was an enthusiastic admirer
as well as a devoted friend of Mrs. Mey
nelL His physiognomy was most pecu
liar and impressive, and Sargent in pre
paring his series of prophets for the Bos
ton Public Library became possessed of
the desire to have him for a prophet.
The request was made to him with this
result; Mr. Patmore consented to pose as
a prophet on condition that Sargent make
for him a portrait of Mrs. Meynell. This
was agreed to and the portrait was made.
Mrs. Meynell comes of a most Interest
ing and talented family. The essay en
titled "A Remembrance" in "The Rhythm
of Life" is an exquisite description of her
father. Without knowing whom it con
cerned I had long been an admirer of the
personality therein described. "A man
whose silence seems better worth inter
preting than the speech of many another.
• • • Loving literature, he never lifted
a pen except to write a letter. He was
not inarticulate, he was only silent. • • •
He had an exquisite style from which to
refrain. • • . ♦ it was his finest distinc
tion to desire no differences, no remem
brances but loss among the innumerable
forgotten." ; : V£
Mrs. Meynell'a education was super
vised entirely by her father. With tho
single exception of a master of languages
she had. In fact, ho other Instructor. A
man of the most exquisite culture, he
made no practical application of his at
tainments except ln the education of his
children. Her. mother, as well, was a
woman of remarkable accomplishments.
She was a noted musician ln her day, a
pupil of Thalberg. and ranked well as
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 8j 1901.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, proprietor. • . . - Communications*© ,W. S. LEAKE, Manager
Publication Office . .., . 1 "• . . ...^ ....................... ...^ Market and Third. S. F.
WHAT'S IN THE CANNIKIN:
THE consumption of alcoholic beverages is by no
means abating in the modern world. It must
not be assumed that drunkenness increases with
the increased consumption of liquor, for it is the
judgment of all observers that the advance in consump
tion is due more to the generality of the habit than to the"
increase in individual use. More people use liquor in mod
eration and fewer use it to excess. Drunkenness
is frowned upon by custom and fashion, while the mod
erate use of these beverages is more, general and more
generally tolerated. It is .possible, .-too,'.. that man by habit
is becoming more immune to alcohol, and suffers less,
therefore, from its use, than formerly, and has less inordi
nate craving for it.. ,
Taking six leading countries as the standard, their
consumption of wine, beer and spirits shows an increase in
the aggregate that progresses steadily. The yearly con
sumption of these is: United Kingdom, 15,000,000 gal
lons wine, 1,160,000,000 of beer, and 39,000,000 spirits;
France, 990,000,000 gallons wine, 196,000,000 beer
and , 71,000,000 spirits; Germany, 60,000,000 gallons
wine, 1,230,000,000 beer and 99,000.000 spirits; Russia.
45,000,000 gallons, beer, 90,000,000 wine and 125,000,000
spirits; Austria, 130,000,000 gallons beer, 376,000,000
wine and 97,000,000 spirits; United States, 20,000,000
gallons wine, 870,000.000 beer and 73,000,000 spirits.
We show up pretty well as the fourth in consump
tion of hard red liquor, though we are the second in popu
lation. Germany, Russia and Austria are all ahead of us.
We are the fifth in wine and the third in beer. France
leads in wine and Germany in beer.
Reducing the, whole consumption to proof alcohol
the record is interesliiig. The United Kingdom conr
sumes of alcohol 73,000,000 gallons; France, 143,000.000:
Germany, 111,000,000; Austria and the United States,
78,000,000 each.
The consumption per capita of pure alcohoi is:
France, 3.80 gallons;, Belgium, 3.10; Switzerland, 260;
Germany, 2.20; Italy, 2.10; Spain, 1.86; United States, 1.
After every university match we are told that footbail
fits men for scholarship and civic. life,. but now after the
match between West Point and Annapolis we are told it
fits them for war and stratagems. By and by we shall hear
of its introduction into business colleges as a means of
teaching the students how to sltand off a creditor and rush
a debtor. .
'It looks as if reciprocity would be put r on -the .shelf
with tariff for revenue only. Protection and prosperity. are
too good a team to be traded off for any, other that con be
brought forward.
It is said that despite the large army under his com
mand, Lord Kitchener has only 45,000 troops available for
pursuit of the Boers,. and it seems that those are tired.
a landscape painter. Having no taste for
society they preferred life on the,Conti
nent to life in England. Italy particu
larly attracted them and the memories of
Mrs. Meynell's childhood are associated
with a" beautiful old villa near Genoa,
terraced to the sea. Here she and her
sister, now Lady Butler, spent a number
of years k studying systematically, yet
mingling freely with the peasant children
about them. Evidently it was no part of
their father's educational plan to attain
culture at the cost of all human - sim
plicity. In fact one feels through an as
sociation with Mrs. Meynell the great
humanness of her character. Learned ln
It will; be seen that one gallon of alcohol divided by 365
gives a very low daily consumption, and if equally divided
wouljj hardly make that diminutive measure per capita
which sociable gentlemen call "a snoot full."
Belgium figures in the statistics as the greatest beer
drinking .country, with 42.2 gallons per capita; Great
Britain is second with 29.6, and Germany third with 23.5.
f One fact of great interest appears . in the American
consumption of wine, being 20,000.000 gallons per year
It is undoubtedly due to the rapidly increasing use of our
good California wines. ... As this State is the only. American
producer of true wine, it is evident that oitr vintners have
the promise of a -home market equal to the ab
sorption of their entire production. If they will
fake the same pains to .- study the tastes of that
market as carefully as exporters study the foreign mar
kets to which they cater, we may look forward to a de
mand at home that will make every, vineyard profitable,
and at. the same tim<5 serve the purposes of real temper
ance by replacing distilled ■ liquor with a mild vinous
drink which has its best and most agreeable use as a part
of the diet. It is not a matter of speculation nor uncer
tainty that temperance is promoted in proportion, as we
teach the. appetite for alcoholic cjrink.;to be satisfied with
a beverage that. takes. the. place of tea and coffee at table.
Itis observed that an alcoholic beverage so used does not
become the vehicle of drunkenness.
Of course there are men capable of flooding an
empty stomach v w.ith dry. wine. • Such men. prefer to irri
gate with whisky, which does ten times the harm with not
one-tenth the immediate discomfort.
While the statistics show a general average increase
in tlie consumption of liquor, they show 'also a decrease in
Russia, Scandinavia, Holland and the United States. The
use of whisky in this country declines as the use of wine
advances, and the vineyards of California may yet be
looked to for the supply of the national beverage, and the
glories of Blue Grass will fade and go into limbo along
with Monongahela and Robinson County.
The appointment of Congressman Mctcalf to a place
on the Ways and Means Committee is a compliment to
California, and it is also a proof of the wisdom of re-elect
ing good men to Congress for term after term instead of
changing every year, as some constituencies do.
Hawaii vvishes of this Congress appropriations for im
provements to the amount of $10,000,000, the Philippines
wish aboiit twice as. much and Porto Rico will apply for a.
million or two, so it is evidently the opinion in the islands
that an appropriation follows the flag.
The Charleston Exposition may not count for much
as expositions go in our times, but it is none the less no
table as an evidence that the city of State rights and
secession has quit talking politics and is ready for business.
a remarkable degree, she is not in the
least -cut and dried, and, is quite as cap
able of simple joys as the most un
learned. Sho is to-day, the mother
seven children, . and I doubt not is a
glorious mother. She has written" a "little
book, entitled "To Children" that reveals
her perfect understanding of childhood.
There is no exaggeration, no distortion
in the picture that she draws— It is child
hood pure and simple.
Mrs. Meynell's sister, Lady Butler, has
achieved great distinction in England as
an artist. .Her picture "The Roll Call'.'
created quite a furor In the art world
a number, of years .ago. To-day several
THE ENGLISH POETESS, A PHOTOGRAPH OR HER CHILDHOOD HOME
NEAR GENOA AND PICTURE OF HERSELF AND OF HER SISTER
LADY BUTLER, DRAWN BTHER MOTHER. . '
of, her,: pictures hang » in the * Tate' . gal
lery. She. is "the wife of General Butler,
who .was knighted several years; ago for
distinguished . services , in the army. ; : H«
has recently : received new honors ' from
the British Government,
; Mrs. . Meyntll Is , the wife of ; Wilfred
Meynell, a well-known London journalist,
whose greatest strength Is manifested In
political • editorials. -f For several •• years
Mr: and Mrs. Meynell. were th«: joint; td*
ltors of a magazine cilled^ i'Merrle ; Eny-
THE DEAD HAND.
% * 7 E-suppo^ that only law will restrain the de
\ A I sire of nien^to'put'the quick under restraint
V V of the dead. £ .
▼ " ■ Men die and condition a devise to their
wives upon their remarriage and make that work forfeit of
the estate. Some undertake to control the religion and
<ome the politics of their heirs, even to the second genera
tion It is strange that a desire to dominate should sur
vive the grave and that the dead hand should be raised m
restraint of nature, and that the living shall be under or
ders from the dust.
One would think that the experiences of this brief
life would satisfy and that the dead palm would no longer
itch to hold the reins. To a normal mind it seems unnat
ural that any one can so value the sweets of power as to
cling to its post mortem exercise and expect to enjoy it in
the "cerements. Such expectation is the vanity of vani
ties, and the sooner courts curb it when directed to sticffl
purely personal rights as the right of marriage or remar
riage, freedom of conscience and natural selection of a line
of civic conduct, the better for the community.
A case of that sort has recently been before the Su
preme Court of New York. One McCombs of Dobbs Ferry
died leaving an estate worth $10,000,000. To one of his
daughters he refused equal share and put $300,000 in trust
to yield her an income of $10,000 only, if she marry Louis
Herzog. If she do not marry Herzog she to share
equally with her two sisters and brother. So it is $2,500,000
I without Herzog and $10,000 a year with him. The court
refused to construe the will and trust. It said that she has
not married Herzog and no one knows that she will ever
marry him, therefore the executors cannot execute the
trust, for its conditions are lacking. The executors must
take the responsibility of dividing to her her share of the
estate, or refusing to do so. She is not Herzog^s wife and
is clearly entitled to her full share. If she get it and then
marry him the troubles of the executors begin. The late
Mr. McComb, in trying to run things from his coffin, hax
created a pretty puzzle for all concerned, and it looks as if'
the proscribed daughter has the best of it so far.
Our advice to her is to get her share of the estate
and marry Herzog, if he is a decent fellow. Then let the
executors go into court to recover her $2,500,000. If they
get it they must create the trust and pay her $10,000 a
year, and if Louis is the right sort of a husband that will
keep the pot boiling.
' This Congress has much business before it, but it
need not attend to it all. If it exclude Chinese, restrict
undesirable immigration, begin the Isthmian canal, provide
for the merchant marine and for a Pacific cable and enact
needed legislation for the Philippines, it can adjourn with
the consciousness that it has done well and won the ap-
Our McKinley memorial fund is increasing at a satis
factory rate, but judging from reports of other move
ments of the kindVin different parts of the country it looks
as if the aid of Carnegie would have to be called, in before
The proceedings of the Democratic caucus just before
the opening of Congress show that ihere are still a good
many silver men in the party, but it was also shown "they
are r.ot strong enough to to wag the dog any more.
land." One of their pleasant experiences
while thus engaged was the discovery of
Francis Thompson, whose poems nave
attracted so much attention of recent
years. This young man, an undeveloped
genius, was selling matches. and holding
cab horses In'the streets of London, writ-
Ing occasionally ln hi3 leisure moments.
He was fortunate In submitting a manu
script to Mrs. Meynell. who quickly rec
ognized its merits. His work was pub
lished and the poet found himself fa
mous. Mrs. Meynell has since been the
Inspiration of much of his finest work.
She is the subject of the entire poem,
"Love ln Olan's Lap."
Although Mrs. Meynell is undoubtedly
one of very few writers whose works will
be read by posterity, she has no scorn
for journalistic work and expresses no
aspiration beyond the honors of mortal
ity. Posterity gives her very little con
cern. "Fifty years ago," ■ sbe writes in
one of her . delightful Bttle essays, "men
worked for the honors of < immortality;
they declined to attend to the beauty oJ
things that were destined to be broken
and worn out. and they looked forward
to surviving, themselves by painting bad
pictures, so that what to do with their
bad pictures in addition to our own has
1 f C °^ e t he Droblem of the nation and
of the householder alike. To-day men
have begun to learn that their sons will
be grateful to .them for few bequests
™ 3 at J? St tO work upon tfl « "si,
sue and the china that are doomed to
the natural and the necessary end-de
struction." On the same principle sha
consents to adorn that short lived thin*
the newspaper, with her rare and beau-I
tiful English. She is at present writin-
Stall* Ga r 2 e S t S te OnS ° f AlMrlca f ° r the PaS
™ 3 \ :V J ey " e11 ls a true republican, with
*«""' fon £ ne , s 3 *«>r America. She would
h 5 L, Ch!ldren tO be Amerlcans&nd
has lightly planned careers for all of
them under the stars and stripes Sh«
has much to say about the beauty of
American women-"like the women of tha
Parthenon" she describes them-* retura
to the ancient Greek ideal. "
The parents at Mrs. Meynell were on
who Is so enthusiastic in his praise of
££t^«r ei ? , them ls a recent aevei °p
2?™ «?™° rlg ' nated ln Meredith's admir
oriw- Mrs M eynelrs WQrk
orable meeting of "the Omar Khayyam
Club in London. Meredith spoke paptu™
n n tv ♦ *«nethh, s from Mr 3 . MeyS
■p.n that had recently attracted his at
tention Since then he has published a
long article in the National Review con
cerning tter and never misses an oppor-S
tunity to praise her. f i
Mrs. Meynell 13 at present In cor/
respondence with Major Pond, who wishes
her to undertake a lecturing tour of this
country under his management. Major
Pond has managed the tours of many
celebrities and has only one absolute
failure to record— the expedition of Mat
thew Arnold, whom nobody could hear,
not even thepeople In the front row. In all
of Mrs. Meynell's lectures she has a point
of view, something to say. She does not
ask people to listen to a retelling of
what they might reafl for themselves at
home.
Walnut and Pecan Panocbe. Townsend, •
Choice candies. Townsend's. Palace Hotel*
CaL Glace Fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men br th«
Press Clipping Bureau tAl!eT>*«>. 510 Stout,
tomery street. Telephone Main Hhj *
It Is a sure sign that a man is growing
bald when he takes offense at being told
that his hair is getting thin. XI
■ • ■ ■ . -,1
Bionhart's Flaxssed Balsam T
Will eur* your cough: EOc^nts; at all drurrfstr.
i Gurnet's Christmas extra mine* pfca, u»
, cream and cake. 905 Larkin at ; phone East US. «C^ 8 1 7 s /jT^ ¥ /^ ¥ '¥ ¥/^\¥ ¥¥™^ A O A I T"T*
or^iiOiAL rlvJLlUAY OAL.E1
Commencing Monday, December 9.
Each year furniture is more and more sought after for Christmas gifts, partly be-
cause of the ever-increasing beauty and worth in its manufacture, andi lar^e'y because the
world is growing more sensible in its giving. People want useful things.
More than in any other year, we have taken pains to gather together for this Holi-
day Season an extremely attractive eolection of furniture and other useful articles of
household adornment.
This includes not only the most elaborate and elegant pieces that it has ever been
Our P riviIe £ e t0 present, but also a great variety of exceedingly good things between $2.00'
An invitation is extended to visit our showrooms and inspect these beau:iful goods,
which are both instructive and interesting.
: NOTE — Distribute^ throughout this stock will be found some pieces that have been
reduced in price from 25 to 50 per cent, that are also very appropriate for Christmas gifts.
Upholstered Furniture. High Grade Carpets Reduced,
Our Own Make. _^rmi_i_- -
Never before have we shown such a marvelous array of all kinds of Sofas,
Chairs, Rockers. Divans and Odd Pieces as that which now greets the visitors t&lilgBnal^ <&^^^^^^^^^^^^^_
There is an especially large variety of Arm Chairs and Parlor Chairs, as 1 IsSii^xS *J% *wfc& E&IC^K
we'.l es a great many desirable pieces finished in weathered oak. Among the ? >E>5%g Xitt wrbwfii l^ 3^ J
pieces reduced in price in this department are tie following: l^jroSfnF' $£ QTAvfeMl'fe^^''^
$160*00 Mahogany LOUIS XVI ' %m 00 Davenport Sofa, velour.. 8 12 7.00
iirT&loSS?' da s m uS s sl20 -° 0 S 8 S^ en c ffi- ??&;£&: §1:88 N o matter what you are taxed to-day, you will be able
i«P<S^S5S k "Buite. i 100 - 00 1 !^ 6 ! 3o oo to buy all grades of Carpets except Body Brussels from cc to
i*ooB*hiaS BMk n"«Jtaha 110 - 00 64*88 20c per yard cheaper next season. 1 his being the case, we
*- S £\%- I P ieces « velour 75.00 70 00 Mahogany Arm Charr to are OffpHna flll nur T^rnpt^ flt cnrincr nrirpQ
B7 OO Mahogany Finished match ..?..... 46 OO UiiCIlllg all UU1 V-.d.ipcLS dl Spring pilCcb.
-/» s^ u » e r' ' P ieces - flamask...... 5O.OO 78 00 Mahogany Sofa"velour" oliioO It's Jl r^Hiral nit in nrnfitQ hut n enn* m^nc r»f rpHnrinrr
SO OO Manograny Finished 56 CO Mahogany Arm Chair to "■"•" v . 11 2» a ld.UlL.dl LUL 111 piUULb DUt a bUlC nicanS OI rcUUCing
suite, s P iec ea . damask 24.00 match 3 7.5o our surplus stock; and to-morrow the opportunity is offered
ROCkerS and Chairs* t0 se ' ect from our immense stock °^ fine Carpets at a saving
r?s. Price. sai« Price. Reg. Price. * sai« Prica °^ S c to 20C per yard from the present market prices.
£7 OO Mahogany Library Chair. $ 5 50 Rocker 8 3.OO '- "
rw P^aho-«nT'*iJbrarv" Chair 3 oo Chair 1.25 WllfflTtQ Magnificent in appearenca and wear; very heavy; royally
v € i?w?^!.."?.™?...?!!!ff: 48.00 10 » Mahogany Finished Parlor .WllCOnS rich colorings; Empire border; also plain^colors. | A m
a r h0Sany " brary Chalr ' 60 00 9 '°° carpet sells at present at ?1.75 in downtown stores.. ...;... U<*O y
SO 00 Golden Oak Easy Chair." Chair, damask j 6.50 B , «, ' , . . „
leather 22.00 18 RO Mahogany Finished Parlor A "VTnincf nvo Alex. Smith & Sens' and Hartford Azminster Car-
"iSatt"" 1 ° ak ROCker ' ->3 5O 4S 1 Chkfr a Ta a pe k str y " 1 o*2JJ -a.iiAlAnbterb pets; best quality made; large selection of new pat-
£5 00 Mahogany Parior Arm .•- ' 6 00 Oak Caned Chair"!.'!!!!!!!!! 3*00 terns » regidar $1.40 quality, with borders I |C
Chair, damask ~ 23.00 8 00 Oak Tapestry Chair 4.00 .••• v Yard ■•■CJ
BedrOOm Plirnitlire. MnnnPttPS At ?1#05 those famous Smlt31 Hoquettes. Established
Spccicl Sale of Birdscyc Maplo Goods. • UXU H UCUUCD price ?1.25. Better patterns than elsewhere at | (\m
A constantly increasing demand for Birdseye Haple has induced us a price lower than ever l.\/3^
1 to offer very special attractions in these charming woods. Bedroom Pur- - , _. ■ _ _, , ~Z 7T^"-j •» * 'fAi
niture of exquisitely graceful designs, finely carved, highly polished.' B0(IV BrUSSelS ■ Ig Sf^ X°7 e " *J dj B J ru " ds » 1 vei 7 '
Fashioned with delicate elegance of liAe and ornamentationT Eve?y detail , U J gg , ? „ F* 0 **'* 1 * 0 * 1 * *««J«»»» *** and Persian de-
is perfect, every model marlelously aitistic The largest assortment In the Bi^ ns ' *? tab A e 1 ?' stftir f' libraries and parlors. This carpet sell, at
c:ty-ours presents unparalleled advantages to the many admirers of pie8ent for ?1 ' 50 in a11 carpet Btores > vbut wlU be hl 5 her "g* | l^l
these dainty, desirable woods. The attractions appended are but a few scason '"""" * '^2
of the many exceUent ones we offer. Every article represented^ is of the .TfpJrril^O Wilton Velvets-75 rolls genuine, including very latest fall
choicest grain, beautifully marked, and hand-rubbed polish finish. An VeiVetS creations in styles and colors, with and without g rki\ '
tmusual and unequaled sale. borders; real worth ?1.25. Y*rd.i ........... ............... I.UO
2-PIECB SUIT, swell front dresser, with CHIFFONIER, swell front, 8 large, 2 -J-^ _-
large bevel plate mirror, beau- -.A nn smaller drawers and hat box, French rn J. T% 1 "RirrhnW Tn«*Bfrrr "R me col* . c m u~u --.j
tifui caned bed. very special.. 3» OO bevel mlrror , 20x18. cast brass o n Cr* TflTIPRrTV nniRRPIR "oxoury Tapestry Brussels, Smith and
8-PIECE SUIT, bed. dresser and wash- handles; very special 2V.OO AO/pODUlJ Ul UODCIO Eanford lO-wire makes; all new designs
and without borders; real value $ 1.OO.... ............ Tard 8Oc
wroedal 5OOO Plate mirror 18x14; ,5^ j i,|, m;i p T^^p,,^ American and English make, this
CH^FoTlEk'7e-ry-'hand;om;iy carved AHiaiQ .1116 iimOieUHl klnd of floor coverlng Is
Soo-veWBt^5i ?..!!?. -7o.OO frame and stanchions. «weU front, 4 tible, regular city price $1.60, but some stores ask S1.75. ....... g r%i\
2-PIECE "SUIT, exquisite in design and large and 2 smaller drawers, fancy "; I.JjU
finely carved, perfect in every tf. s nn shaped French bevel mirror, ort .;; V~ -' ' ' * "^ v
detail -worth $200: very Bpec'l. IO3 * O ° 24x18; very special — __ ,..»_,
TOILET TABLE, of novel design, carved DRESSER, serpentine front, 2 large and TflTlfilpnTn y ards wide, will cover your kitchen in one piece with-
frame, 1 long drawer, French bevel 2 smaller drawers, carved frames and JLJULV/l V U ill out a seam: regular 81.00 and 80c. Sale price 42 M\
mlrrcr, 18x26; 1 A C\(\ stanchions, oval mirror, S0x24, 3— sr% an . • / -v^-a nllP
veryTpecial I4.UJ of French bevel plate; special.. •> 2^5 O 80c and. • Yard VVt
You Save Money at Pattosien's.
THY FUTURE I
sir henry'prichard, I
I MEDIUM, PALMIST I
And Trance Clairvoyant/ 1
Direct from Hotel Cecil, London. — M
---EXTRAORDINARY OFFER--- I
i=a b% bd na convincing tests of his marvexx>us power that H
D Jta || fi WILL. CONVINCE THE MOST SKEPTICAX. TO ALL. THOSE H
isa b& Ra na who comb fok a reading, without asking a single El
B DP H ■ QUESTION, HE DIVINES THE NAMES AND INNERMOST ft
li i hL WISHES OF ALL. HIS PATRONS WITHOUT RESORTING TO H
" ■ " ™ SUBTERFUGE OF ANT KIND. HE TELLS THE OBJECT OF H
r-r r-CTC\ YOUR ERRAND— WHAT YOU CALLED FOR- WHOM AND M
UCOlOJ WHEN (IF EVER) YOU WILL, MARRY. gU
PAST— PRESENT— FUTURES-REVEALED BY— THIS WONDERFUL MAN W
R PERFECT SRTIS FACTION CUARflMTiED OR MAKES NO CHARGE. ||
h Is this, not honest? Could anything be fairer? M
1 \ Thi» is net floae to catch business or the riffraff, but to snow those who have M
m •* money to sjiend where to go for reliable information. fiS
L** The beat citizens have come^-those who have never, visited a clairvoyant before! M
it TCTiy? Because I intelligently unravel their troubles. I s*e all. I tell all, and never fig
[ j ££}£ one solitary <jriestion; but you must come to m« falrmlnded and honest, or I can- 9
I i not help you; the very nature of my profession admits of no challenge contest. Be
I ! oaj-sive and I will tell your Inmost- soul, what you are adapted for, your present rj
I i business what you earn, and the prospect* of an increase of business, who your em- B
H Dloyer"la and how you rate with him. who your employe! are and who are honest or H
i 4 diehoneet with you. I give the names of those who love you, who are true and those E
t \ who are false. I locate missing persons, papers, and furnish evidence. I give B
I ■ the names of your rivals, enemies and friends. I do find out what causes your bad M
\j luck, and remove epells, hindrances, stumbling blocks, cure nervous diseases and re- M
Is etore health fry a new method. I stop evil habits, vice and your enemies' designs. . BS
bi ABOUT MARRIAGE — I will tell you the on* who Is sincere and who Is simply I H
I 1 fnrdine you I can and I do effect reconciliations, reunite the separated and cause M
H hknnv marriajres. You, who are now In sorrow, can't you look back and see how B
« all of It might have been avoided by proper information as to who was secretly do- m
li lne vou harm? Perhaps it Is not too late. Come and see me and I will help you to H
Yi frustrate vour enemies, rival, or the efforts to ruin your business. • M
HI If you "are going to consult a clairvoyant, why not see the best? I am a special- HI
B l»t in mental impresalona: every person respects ma because of my sincerity. I can • Kj
f 1 deecribe the plaoe you searched for bidden treasure and tell you what you may ex- , M
I ' «*rt nhout it- locate ccal, mineral, oil or gas on land miles away, if you are the In- , B
i t«V K ted! narty'and will come aad see me candidly and let me fall in sympathy with ■
your mind. ArtorcBarges, simply pay if you are perfectly satisfled. if not, NO
.| i wonder If you consider my terms fair, square and honest? If so, consult me
9 «t once Dally Sunday. 10 to &. ■ Fees within reach of all.
| J to out-of-town PARTIES— If you cannot call, write and send $1. to stamp,
H flate of birth and three questions, and receive correct answers by ™;turn nail.
i,| i,, ".Yi matter and P. O. money orders should be addressed to Sir Henry's privato
1 1104 Market Street 1104 opposf^ln^nTs
I I BulU 1L 12, 13, 14, 15 aad 15V4 THE VENDOMB.
t| Up Stain, First Floor, Reception Boom* U-li..
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1901.
KITCHENER IS CARICATURED,
BUT HE PROMISES TO HANG ON
LONDON. Dec. 7.— A letter Just received
from an officer in South Africa says that
a subaltern drew a caricature of Lord
Kitchener as Rip Van Winkle, leading a
centenarian soldier up a kopje. A staff
officer showed it to Kitchener and the
chief gave one of his grim, smiles and
■said, "It's an ugly prophecy, but if neces
sary we will hang on here until we are
that' age. Our duty Is to win, and we
will.".
The subaltern was paralyzed with ter
ror until assured that Kitchener had not
asked for the artist's name.
THE- HAGUE. Dec. 7.— The confiscation
REGISTRAR'S OLEEKS -
WANT PAY TOR OVERTIME
Auditor Wells Refuses to Sign De
mands and. Tney "Will Appeal
to the Courts. • f'V ;
The clerks In the Registrar's office, who
have been working overtime during the
last election and subsequent thereto, have
resolved to appeal, to the courts to de
cide whether they are entitled to extra
pay, notwithstanding that the charter
limits their salaries ito 5100 per month., j
This resolve on the part . of the clerks
was precipitated yesterday by Auditor
Wells, who refused to audit a number of
demands -aggregating $550 for | overtime.
As their salary for November would have
exceeded the sum of $100 per month - If
the overtime were paid. Wells ruled that
he could not sign the additional demands.
It Is intended to test a certain section
of the charter which, excepta the Tax
Collector's- office from the provision re
quiring city ofljeesito be kept open, from
8:30 a. m. to 5 p. m. The Tax Office is re
quired to be kept open during the busy
time of .tax collections until 9 p. m.%No
provision, however, has been made for
tho Registrar's office, and the clerks
claim that they should be paid for over
time. They say that tney have worked
on Sundays and nights,. though the char
ter specifies that eight hours shall con
stitute a day's labor. Two, of the clerks
have refused. to work nights on that ac
ccunt, and the Election Commission holds
that they cannot -be "compelled to do so.
Unless the others agreed it would' be im
possible for laboring men to register, they
being: employed during the daytime.
Walsh Gets Fourteen. Years.
William Walsh, a deaf mute,
guilty In Judge Cook's court yesterday to
tho charge of committing an assault upon
Rosa Brown, a little girl. The Judge sen
tenced him to ' fourteen years In" San
Quentin, and remarked that If a prior
conviction against him for petty larceny
had -not been withdrawn the sentence
would have been imprisonment for life. :■
RIO VISTA. , D««. T,--Th« r eroposltion fof
bonding the town for $20,000 for a water system
■wai carried to-day b> a vote of 108 to Si •• j
of the Dutch Red Cross outfit outside of
Pretoria and the imprisonment of the
staff on the Island of Ceylon was again
the subject of heated comment in the
Chamber here to-day, the members de
nouncing the action of the British as be
ing contrary to the Geneva convention.
The P'orelgn Minister, MelvelVan Lyn
don, explained that the Geneva conven
tion was only applicable to the ambu
lances of belligerents, but even their
staffs could be made prisoners if they
violated neutrality.
The Government, he added, had fre
quently demanded that the Netherlanders
be released on parole, but Great Britain
in not obliged to release them until after
the close of the war. '
ill rfl^
..* •••/IT* TffE.ii
" NO PERCENTAGE,"
TiiAcdav December
Our Christmas Gift Day.
We present free to our patrons on' the'
above date an elegant doll,. 13 inches long,'
real kid body, cenulne , blsc head, with
'every purchase of 60c or over. :
SEE THE DOLLS IN OUR SHOW-
WINDOW^
jb vmn ybod y welcome.
\WmG@
WILL SERVE FOR
THE NEXT TERM
Officers Are Elected by
" Local Fraternal
Societies.
Various Organizations Select
Men to Fill the
Chairs.
Elections have been In order In various
fraternal organizations during the last
week and many more will elect during the
current week.
Golden Gate . Lodge of Free and Accepttd
Masons has elected Samuel A. Clarke worship
ful master, AV. A. T. Agrard senior and Asa
H. Phelps Junior warden. Edwin L.., Myer sec
retary and Charles A. Wegener treasurer. The
installation of the officers will be private and
the ceremony will bs followed by ■ a banquet
•at the California Hotel. '
Excelsior Lodge, F. and A. M.. has elected
L. A. Murch worshipful master, L. A. Hunter
senior and D. A. Hare Junior warden, H. J.
Owen secretary and S. II. Daniels treasurer.
Installation December 21.
Parker Lodge of the Independent Order of
Odd Fellows has elected C. K. Jackson noble
grand, E. Harris vice grand, J. F. Nichols
secretary (re-elected), V. F. Northrup treas
urer and J, Griesman trustee. Installation
January 7. ' .
Templar I-odge, I. O. O. T., has elected E.
J. Lloyd noble grand. W. E. Creed vice grand.
C. F. O'Nell secretary (re-elected) and D. A.
Hagans treasurer.
Oriental Hebekah Lodge, I. O. O. F.. has
elected Sarah Draffln noble grand, Josephine
"VVolworth vice grand, Gertrude Spottewood sec
retary. May Layton financial secretary. F.
Derby treasurer and Lucie Hammersmith trus
tee.
Yerba Buena Lodge has elected William P.
Humphreys noble grand, J. J. de Haven vice
grand. W. W. Cross recording secretary, B. F.
Wellington financial secretary, L. E. James
treasurer and U. S. G. Clifford, F. J. Smlthson
and Charles A. Stahle, trustees, hold over un
til June.
Unity Lodge of the Ancient Order of Work
men has elected C. A. O'Brien master work
man, Frederick Trowbridge foreman, W. F.
B. Gunther overseer, J. P. Fltzslmmons guide,
John R. Kane inside and J. F. Stemberg out
side watchman, Peter A. Smith trustee and R.
C. Arnberger, organist. ■ — .
Yosemlte Tribe of the Improved Order of Red
Men has elected Charles J. Granz sachem,
Charles M. Price senior and Al Friedman Jun
ior sagamore. F. C. .Adams prophet, George H.
Stein chief of records, W. J. O'Connor keeper
of wampum. Dr. J. J. O'Keefe surgeon and
E. Lastreto, J. A. Haldcn and A. D. Cheshire
trustees.
Pacific Parlor, Native Sons of the Golden
West, has elected; R. M. Roche, president; A.
F. Williams first. D. C. Deast second and
George G. Fraser third vice presidents; William
Locke, marshal ; John Miller, recording, and
John I). O. Cannon, financial secretary; Kd
ivard J. Lynch, trustee; Drs. T. W. B. Leland.
H. W. Hunsacker. T. A. Rottanzl, T. B. Roche
and William C. Hopper, surgeon?. ■
Niantic Parlor, N. S. G. W. has elected: M.
H. HernonT, president; Frank, McElrath, James
Gaffney and R. V. Mulcahy, vice presidents;
J. D. Sweeney, marshal; J. F. Toomejr. record-
Ing, and A. W. Borchers, financial secretary;
J. C. Keenan, treasurer. Installation on the
first Tuesday In January. *
Rincon Parlor, N. S. G. V., has elected:
James Hannan, past president; John Manion.
president: Frank Roeschmer. L. Oringo and
Kd Courtney,- vice presidents; Harry Sophey.
marshal; L. K. Hagenkamp. recording;, and
W. E. Foley, financial secretary; T. H.
Vivian, treasurer; W. J. Wynne, L. Serecan
and F. Horn, trustees; Drs. W. W. Wymore
and D. F. Ragan, anrgeons.
California Parlor. N. S. G. W., has elected :
E. Myron Wolf, president; C N. Janes, Theo
dore Forbes and J. J. Cusack. vice presidents;
Charles A. Boldemann, recording, and B. F.
Hanlon, financial secretary; W. D. Hobro Jr.,
treasurer; the old corps of surgeons was re
elected; E. A. Jouju, organist; J. F. Mitchell,
collector. Installation on the second Thursday
In January.
National Parlor, N. S. G. W., has elected:
W. O. Dlxon, president: William Patterson,
Charles Boxton and Henry Muller, vice presi
dents; James McFarland, marshal; Walter V.
■D. Douty. recordlnff.% and William - Larklns,
financial secretary; Al Vaughn, trustee; Dr.
N. Rogers, surgeon. ■ Installation on the first
meeting night in January.
Darina Parlor, Native Daughters of the
Golden West, has elected: Cathrlne McGough.
president; Edith Brown, Lydla Carroll and
Fanny Everett, vice presidents; Pauline linger,
marshal; Lucie Hammersmith, recording, and
Emma Marks, financial secretary; Sadie Drury,
Inside, and N. Goddard, outside sentinel; An
nie Gerichter," Sophie Hewig and Mary Ran
dall, trustees.
Golden State Parlor, Native Daughters of the
Golden West, has elected: Miss L. Wedel, presi
dent; Miss M. M. Smith, Mrs. D. Worsdale and
Miss H. Rensche, vice presidents; Mi.«s Millie
Tietjen. recording, and Mrs. B. Denahey. finan
cial secretary: Miss A. Sturken. marshal; Hiss
P. Buhr. Inside, and Miss Johanna Meyer. out-
Bide sentinel; Misses F. von Staden, M. Burke
and G. Schade, trustees; L. Fahrenkrug, organ
ist, and Dr. E. S. Merritt, physician.
El Capltan Council of the National TTnlon
has elected: Dr. W. D. Clark, president; Z. H.
Harris, vice president; Dr! E. R. Hanlon,
speaker; Leo de Cardona, chaplain; A. G.
Page,' financial secretary: Otto Katz, record
ing secretary: J- C. Lackenback, treasurer;
Charles C. White, usher; L. J. Thornhlll, ser
geant, and O. Cr Kell. doorkeeper; Joseph A.
Wilson, Laurence Vincent and M. J. Levy,
delegates to the cabinet.
California Council of the National Union has
elected: A. M. Klngsford, president; E. A. M.
Gilbert,- vice president;- Charles Bondel,
rpeaker: Charles H. Van Orden, secretary: H.
A. Graves, financial secretary; Fred Schu
macher, treasurer; George Wale, chaplain; J.
R. McGufflck, usher; L. W. Clarke, sergeant;
A A. ("Lou") Banz, doorkeeper; H. L. Tlck
ner. G. W. Luce and F. F. O'Connor, trustees;
W. A. S. Nicholson. W. R. Drelsbach, P. A.
Doane. F. A. Sleiper. A. K. Kingsford. C. It.
Ford, Dr. M. B. Estes and. A. M. McPherson,
delegates to the cabinet.
Genera* George E. Meade Post, Grand Army
of the Republic, has elected William W. Free
land post commander, James Kelly senior vice
and Thomas Mathews Junior vice commander.
W. F. Howe quartermaster, Joseph Washing
ton surgeon. Barton Wllmarth chaplain. Robert
Graham officer of the day. Samuel W. Knowies
officer of the guard and James Kelly and Rob
ert Dewey representatives to the Stats en
campment.
Lincoln Relief Corps, . auxiliary to the Grand
Army of the Republic, has elected, by acclama
tion in each case, Laura A. Hursh president.
Emma B. Leeds senior vice president, Jettte
Keith Vaughn Junior vice president, Cathrlne
Barnstead chaplain. Mary E. Kurgeson treas
urer. Millie Rainsbury conductor, Mary M.
: > ADVEETISEMENTS.
Cured Itching and -
; . Protruding Piles.
;Mr. Phil Owens of So. Omaha. writes:
"After suffering two years from an ag-
gravated case of Itching and protruding
piles I was cured by a single BO-cent pack-
agtr of the Pyramid » Pile Cure. purchased
from a local druggist." For sale by all
druggists. Little book. "Pilea, Causes and
Cure?? mailed free. Pyramid Drug Co.,
Marshall. Mich. . ■ -. i
World Famous Mariani Tonic
Many thousand physicians and . mil-
lions of persons invariably experienced
beneficial ■ effects.' Try Vin Mariani • on
its merits. . .
'AH Druggists. Refuse substitutes. ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
' ■-- -- ■■ --. .-.-J-LT--.-.-L ■■-..■■.-■ i- ■ i iii.ru i "■
w/ga-rme^s\u|
w &§l There is no use to pay an exorbitant price \&
iHy to an exclusive dressmaker for a tailor-made i|k
$£& suit — if you don't know how well a ready-made |2&
ism tai'or suit fits, ccms in and try one on — 1 g
.. .«! the most satisfactory suits ever sold in San m
lj Francisco are tho e already made — We have an j|
HI immense stock in an unusually good line of ;>. :
> 1' styles frcm the very best makers in the Unitei 3jj
i| States. Our entire autumn stock is ready now [|
Jm and we believe it will pay you to come in and |
1 A Reduction in Walking Suits — c$
i|| We have taken our $15.00 all-wool Rolf cloth walk- Jo
IS ins suits and cut the price for a special sale, beginning Jar
s I to-morrow — tight-fitting, dip front, short back jacket, §3
' a with the new bell sleeves — the entire suit is tailor- ffl
- ?a stitched and the skirt has the new graduated flounce fg
1& — of oxford gray, very stylish, particularly well-made iff
-jrfffl5rrfia and an unusually good fit — only a few....$10.2t> Each jjrafr-
Tailor made suits — many novelties— up to ?3O.O0. *^£*E^\
Hi We are offering: a peau de soie and taffeta silk waist at a ||
JH low price, front all over tucked, with the new jrrad- v :i
tinted yoke effect — sleeves and back all tucked — these jjS
||s come in cream, pink, red, light blue, 6Id rose, reseda, gray, y
fffl . delf — have the new open back and are offered at the price jg|
?!£ we quote instead of $5.00 in order to advertise the depart- i,3
ment — special, beginning to-morrow $3.S3 Each 5wj
M .We have other styles at $5.00, $5.50, $6.00 and $7-SO each ||l
H —they are very swell, very novel and extremely well made «jf
M of unusually good materials — we want you to come in and ,yi
i A Sale o? Flannel Waists— S
Of a fine quality of French flannel, with 21 rows of tuckina: rpjll
M v and six rows of white hemstitching on front — 8 tucks in the £0
HJ back— thev come in red, old rose, green and black, fit par- fra
m ticularly well and usually sold at $3.00— on sale, beginning e||
IH to-morrow $1.95 Each r "."]
H ... A Sale of Dress Skirts— t m
JP One of the best tailor all-wool dress skirts we have ever h'*\
||ft handled — trimmed with three stitched bands of same mate- fU
|§] . terial round bottom, thoroughly well lined and in oxford g£
§a gray and navy mixtures — these skirts were bought to sell at r|
III $6.50. but arrived too late for our early autumn trade, con- figs
jp! sequcntly will be closed out immediately, beginning to- pg^
{jpk morrow, at 9^.00 Each p&>
MM Ladies' Golf Skirts— jsj
MM J ust thing for everyday wear — particularly good for £f»ij
Hjgyk rainy weather — of heavy golf cloth with plaid back and If HI
KJ lg stitched flounce — there is a curve to the fit that 13 hard to Q W
ffl « describe. You would never get a dressmaker to make a tj wd
M M skirt to fit like this — they are perfect — the regular^ $5.00 J? ta
ra ® grade, on special sale, beginning to-morrow 93.15 Each Egj
Smith guard and Jettle Keith Vaughn, Cath
rine Barnstead, Emily T. Fuller and Ella Cor
bett delegates to the State encampment.
Court Seal Rock. Foresters of America, has
elected J. B. Relghley chief ranger, Joseph
Gallagher sub-chief ranger, Ed J. Coffney
treasurer, Ben F. Johnson financial secre
tary, J. H. Willis recording secretary, Simon
Carlson senior and H. Lang* Junior wood
ward. F. Redelflnger senior and Ed Burrows
Junior beadle. Henry Murray trustee and Dr.
A. K. Happersberger. physician. Installation
In the early part of January.
Court Independence, Foresters of America,
has elected George Wheeler chief ranger, T.
Moran sub-chief ranger. John Renault treas
urer. William Foley financial secretary. W.
Reid recording secretary. Thomas Brodie senior
and William Gibson junior woodward. G.
Sweeney senior and William Delahanty Junior
beadle, Charles Spader trustee, R. J. O'Reiley
librarian and Dr. D. F. Ragan physician.
Court • Zenith. Foresters of, America, has
elected M. A. Allman chief ranger, B. J. Nolan
sub-chief ranger, George S. Berg treasurer, W.
A. Lynch financial secretary, E. W. Haughey
recording secretary, Leslie Webb senior and
H. Wollert Junior warden, Peter Baffin senior
and F. C. Henry Junior beadle and Dr. J.
Sobosly physician.
Court Columbia. Foresters of, America, has
elected A. Valentine chief ranger, J. T. Hayes
sub-chief ranger, T. L. Cook treasurer, Joseph
Goodman financial secretary. J. E. O'Brien re
cording; secretary. Daniel Hlgglns senior and
H. Coe Junior warden. L. W. Obbert senior
and Mace Nava junior beadle, J. G. Chase Jr.
librarian and Dr. W. G. Hassler physician.
Court Bonlta, Foresters of America, has
elected Charles Wilson chief ranger, Oscar
Buhllnger sub-chief ranger. D. O'Callaghan
financial secretary, William J. Bell recording
secretary. George . Mangels treasurer, James
O'Callaghan senior and J. Wild junior warden,
William Reagan senior and John Carey junior
beadle and Dr. Hugh Lasan physician.
- Liberty Lodge of the Knights of Honor has
elected B. K. George dictator; James Johnson,
vice dictator; M. Citron, assistant dictator;
Thomas -BHIingslea, reporter; W. J. Langstaff,
financial reporter; R. R. A. Summers, treas
urer: Ben I. Salomon, chaplain; W. White,
guide; Fritz Palm, guardian, and M. Scheen
berg,. sentinel.
Fidelity Lodjre, Knights of Honor, has elected
Thomas W. Collins, past dictator; John W.
Rourke, dictator: Alfred C, Rulofson, vice dic
tator; Edward B. Cutter, assistant dictator;
Edward J. Duncombe. guide; K. K. Hawkins,
chaplain; T. S. Hotchklss. reporter: John L.
Lowell, financial reporter; Frank H. Eckenroth.
treasurer; George R. Sanderson, guardian; Pel
ham W. Ames, sentinel; Edward K. Hawkins,
George R. Sanderson, Alfred C. Rulofson,
trustees.
Fidelity Circle of the Companions of th« For
est, has elected Miss E. Wunderllcb, deputy
grand chief companion; Mrs. Jennis S. Clark.
junior past chief companion; Mrs. Georga Mo-
Pherson. chief companion; Companion Mrs. Del
gar, sub-chief companion; George \V. Corwln.
treasurer; Mrs. Florence N. Morrow, financial
secretary; Companion Mrs. Morrison, record
in«r secretary; Companion Miss Hunter, right,
and Companion Miss Farrell, left gutda; Com
panion Mrs. Frledenburr. Inside, and Com
panion Mrs. Watters. outside guard.
Redwood Circle, of tho Women of Woodcraft
has elected abel McCracken guardian neighbor;
Johanna Stay art. advisor; Emily Swan, magi
clan; Mrs. M. J. Katz, clerk: Esther Hynes,
banker, and Emily Springer, attendant.
MANDOLIN" A1II> . GUTTAB.
CLUB HOLDS A CONCERT
Professor Walter Clarkson's Class
Discourses Sweet Melodies at
Golden Gate Sail.
The members of Professor Walter Clark
son's Mandolin and Guitar Club furnished
a most delightful entertainment for their
friends last night at Golden Gate HalL
.The young musicians acquitted themselves
In a most commendable style and were
frequently applauded for their pleasing
work.. The affair was concluded with a
dance. The programme presented was as
follows: ■
fa) March, "Charlatan" (Sousa). fb) raise.
"Tuyo Slempre" (Tocaben), Mandolin Club;
piano solo, ••Rondo Caprlccioso. Op. 14" (Men
delssohn), Miss Bertha Frankl; mandolin solo,
"in Slumberland" (Krogroan), Little Irene
Ooudy. pupil -of Professor Clark»on: duet, "The
Language of Love" (Bocacclo), Miss Erne Happ
and Miss Rae Goldstein Maud Greven, accom
panist; (a) overture. "Rlcordl D'Iselle" (Sar
tori). (b) selection. ••The Holy City" (Adams),
Mandolin Club; tenor solo, "Song of Triumph' 1
(Weir), : Sig. Carlos N. Keller, by request; spe
cialties, Harry Glick;. operatic selection, "Bo
hemian Girl" (Balfe). Mandolin Club.
members of tho mandolin club are:
■'Miss Anna Cattermole, Miss Carrie Piperling,
Miss Lizzlfi Lagomaslno, Miss Mary da Martini
Miss Amelia Gatto. Miss Freda Behlmer Miss
Adele Heeder, Mrs. K. Hathaway, Mrs. A. W.
Carley. Mra.'E. Apperson, Isadore Goldstein.
Kmll Scheer, Miss Jeanette Robertson. Ml&s
Mlnnlo Abell, Miss Rosie Rosenblatt, Miss Ella
Donlln, Mies Ida High Miss Rena Conley, Miss
Lillian Skahaen. Miss Bessie Sexton. Mlsa Alice
Roemer, Emll Bos», Henry Haake and Walter
Needham.
' The following? comprlso tho guitar clubs
Miss Amelia Bose. Miss Rat Goldstein, Mn.
Millie Bell, Misa Minnie- Pratt, Mrs M Mer
£*,*' £ rs -,. M - Poole - Mra - w - OartSm and
Miss M. Mlrarnonte.
Every Bottle of Evans' Ale
POURS out Just as natural as if drawn direct
from the cask and retains its briskness and
goodness to the last drop. Sherwood & Sher
wood. Pacific Coast Agents. •
Charged Witli Burglary.
Frank Contreras, the ex-bellboy, who
was arrested by Detectives Crockett and
McMahon Thursday afternoon and at
tempted to make his escape, was booked
at the City Prison yesterday on a charge
of burglary. He entered the room of
Miss Eva Johnston, 1008 Van Ness avenue,
last Sunday night and stole a quantity
of her clothing. Other charges may bo
preferred against him.
Californlans in "Washington.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 7.— Tho following
Calif ornlacs have arrived at the hotels:
St. James— W. M. Cubery, San Francisco;
Metropolitan — C. D. McNeven, P. D. Mc-
Neven, San Francisco: Arlington— Mrs.
Henry C. Mlnton, San Francisco; Fairfax
— Helen T. Heraon. M. D., Los Angeles:
New Willards— Alfred Holman and wife,
San Francisco; Raleigh— J. W. Kller, San
Jose.
MAKGXNI GOBS FREE.— Tha cas* of Joso
Jlanginl, charged with an assault to murder
upon George Orlando In the brass works on
Main street, 'was dismissed by Judge Ca.baolas
yesterday as there was only the evidence of
Orlando for the prosecution. The case of Or
lando on a similar chare* was dismissed Thurs
day. This leaves the cases of Mika and Georg«
Caldavella, charged with assault to murder
upon their uncle, Felipe Caldavella, still to b«
heard.
ALLEGED DISHONEST COLLECTOR.—
Frank Conklln, proprietor of. a laundry at 3"3
Golden Gats avenue, swore to a complaint In
Judge Cabaniss' court yesterday for the arrest
of Charles W. HIckey. .a collector, on th<»
charge of felony embezzlement. The complaint
charges him with embezzling $100. but Conklin
says th» total amount will reach over $330.
HIckey has left the city.
CASH AGAINST LBVT DISMISSED*.— Th»
case against Isidore Levy, a. Jaweler on Mont
gotnery avenue, charged vlth receiving stolen
goods, was dismissed by Judgs Cabaniss yes
terday. Ha was accused of receiving a scarf
pin from Cattrlblco Clrtmelo, a boy. ■who. It
waa alleged stole It from his brother. The ooy
was the only wltnes for the prosecution.
SAN DIECJO, Deo. 7.— The TJniUd BtatM ship
Ranger left to-day for La Pu, to mai« sur
veys In the vicinity of the new O»r eminent
coaling station near that place.
AD V JlttTIH K M V1U TB.
SENT FREE_TO MEN!
A Host Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will -write the Btato Medical Institute. <
They cured so many men who had battled
lor years against tho mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that th» Insti-
tute has decided to distribute fre«. trial
packages to all who write. It Is a homo
treatment, and all men who suffer from
any form of sexual weakness resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss 6t
strength and memory, weak back, vorlco-
cela or emaciation of parts can now cur*
themselves - at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving: strength
and development Just where It is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that coma
from years of misuse of the) natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success in
all cases. A request to th© State Medical
Institute, 82S Elektron building, Fort
Wayne, Ind.; stating that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute Is de-
sirous of, reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to bo
treated, and the free samples will enable
them to see how easy it is to be cured of
sexual weakness when the proper reme-
dies are employed. The Institute make3
no restrictions. Any man who writes wKl
be sent a free sample, carefully sealed in
a plain package, so that Us recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers are requested to -writ*
without delay. ;;. ■. P
2728
, - ADVEBTISElgENTS. .„„„..„.. ....^.. WWJ .
Happy Childhood Knows Whafs Best
Medicine that a child dislikes, will not do it much.good. Sensible
parents will give the little darlings medicine that tastes good and
does good, and don't grip or gripe; the kind they like themselves.
.^bh-^C***"-.^. "I h*™ never used any remedy that has been »•
jff-j&Vtg!' cood as CaaenreU. Have to keep them hidden from
>w Bg£^~*> my little boy. as he eats them like candy."
J&&&- yggy^ \. -^■^^ — Mre. Bobt. G. Fay, Goes, Ohio.
JPi^^S^ B&^f°^^^*~ "I shall n«ver be irithout Cascarcts. My children
jya»K?^.vg;^^gg?ly "x^ are a l w «y» de lighted when I jrive them a portion of a
Ct«H^6T ¥ n^ •» tablet, and cry for more. They have a permanent
B|w'^S _ — Mr». John Flagel, Michigan City, Ind.
5?f| «^ «•'" "» "We nse Cascar^ti in our family and they are the
>K-^?4 f~ V** ' * —Mrs. James Greenwood, Menanha, Wis.
vffe. IJ "I alway»krep Cascarets in the house for the child-
Jt« *'\ iy r^Jily\ —Mrs. Chas. lto'ot, €32 Lorain St.. Cleveland. O>
jfiC^SS^T JS >«-*' s *5a* ic&^£t/\ "For months I have used Cascaiets, and my little
bS*£LV&E»mjdnL*^ZL^V* G-yJwa ones require no other medicine." \ ' ,
I^^J^S§}r V Ifci^S^ —Mrs. G. H. Hammond, 6s3-21th St., Mlnneapolia.
vV^S' / #<I "^ up ?, n Cas caret» entirely In looking after
J^^^r^^X^yru^ J *^^ >N *V OUr -^ r "^ llen Bnrwell, 1S12 Division St., St. Lonls.
QP " /"" ' *\^\ "My little boy three years old was troubled with
»^*^ > — "^ bleeding piles. We began to give him Cascaret»,
I- S" \ •"! before he had taken one box. he was sound and
ys^^OW 0— *\\ wolL"— W. A. Goin, Okmulgee, I. T.
y I c^s^3i/l>'\\ "Mr little daijchtcr complained of not feellne well
*. \ S*Sir\ Tfei- M " nd oegka to vomit and became very sick. A half
\ 1 r*f^ I Cascarct tablet wa» cl^en her and In leis than half
¥. \ I iA I an honr she got up as well as ever. Cascarets ate
j^ \ .«v 1 / I a household necessity."
>»^ \O*Vl /- -Thos. L. Most. P. H., Trenton. Pa.'
Yfy y^^ S^mr I "My little rlrl was creatly troubled -with worms,
*r \ fjS J bnt after giving her a £5c box of Cascarets, she is
I 1 ™_^" <^ «ntlrely rell-" •
* I -^ ojuh —Mrs. John F. Biley. 6 EudlerSt, Gloucester, Kasi.
Medicine forced on the little ones loses half its power. Nasty,'
sickening medicine is an injustice to the dear little innocents who
can't protect themselves, makes them peevish and afraid' of the dose.
When a child hates the medicine, it will not be effective. Children
like Cascarets Candy Cathartic, ask for them and are kept healthy
always and easily against the damages of childhood's ailments.
.-CW Best for tho Bowels. All druggists, ioc, »5c, 50c Never sold in bulk.
f tALiOjQuiJCA^J The genuine tablet stamped C C C. Guaranteed to cure or your
UWVVVbVW money bacV. Sample and booklet free. Address
ViVTsisJll Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or New York. ' m
UPHOLDS RIGHT
OF CRITICISM
Chicago Jurist Gives
Judgment in a News
paper Case.
CHICAGO, Dec. 7.— Andrew M. Law
rence, managing editor of Hearst's Chi
cago American, and H. S. Canfield, a re
porter, who were sentenced recently by
Judge Hanecy to forty and thirty days,
respectively, in the County Jail for con
tempt of court, were discharged from
custody by Judge Dunne to-day.
In granting a writ of habeas corpus the
court said the matter hinged on whether
the case on which the American com
mented had been disposed of by Judge
Hanecy or was still pending. Judge
Dunne held that the case in question bad
been finally disposed cf by Judge Hanecy
•when he gave his decision from the bench.
The fact that the clerk had not entered
the order when the comment on the de
cision was printed and published, there
fore, does not show that the case was
still pending. The act of entering the
order on the record was merely a minis
terial act, Judge Dunne said.
Judge Dunne admitted that the arti
cles and cartoon which Judge Hanecy ob
jected to were clearly calculated to in
timidate and coerce the court, had the
court not already rendered its decision.
Judge Dunne admitted that the cartoon in
evidence was probably libelous and the
articles possibly so. Harsh criticism.
Judge Dunne remarked, Is one of the in
cidents and burdens of public life. He
continued:
I eee no reason •why a Judge should b» offered
a different remedy for attacks In the public
print* than a President or a Governor or a
Congressman. Criticism of a particular official.
If Just, will do good; if unjust, will do no
harm. I am clearly of the opinion that the
language used in open court by Judge Hanecy
amounted to a final order disposing of the
ease under consideration, and that being a
final order under the doctrine of "contempt"
eft laid doivn in this State by our Supreme
Court In Storey vs. The People, that tha re-
Iators had a right to comment and criticize
that decision, even to the extent of libeling
the honored and respected Judge who rendered
that opinion, without exposing themselves to
prosecution for contempt of court.
Following Is Judge Hanecy*s comment
on Judge's Dunne's decision:
Judge Dunne had the power so to decide, but
he did not have the right. Any Judge has tha
power to let every prisoner oat of the peni
tentiaries, but they have not the right, nor
does anybody expect that they will.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
UUIIkU if B»nii III Kail I HlLb
Send Name and Address To-Day — You
Can Have It Free and Be Strong
and Vigorous for Life.
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY HOME.
Hair any tn«n may Quickly cure himself after been extraordinary. It has completely braced
rears of Buffering from sezoal weakness, loot »»• up. I am Just as vigorous a*. when' a boy
\-ltallty, night losses, varicocele. etc.. apd en- "Slwn cannot realize how. happy I am."
Une S-llf weak or^s to full^e and vi^. H^^2£t£%S T5&1TSSS&
Bltaply send your name and address to Dr. u. and vigor have completely returned and en-
W. Knapp. 137J Hull building. Detroit. Mich., larsement Is entirely satisfactory."
«nd he will cladly send the free receipt with "Dear Sir— Yours was received and I had no
full directions bo that any man may easily cure trouble In making use of the receipt as directed
himself at home. This Is certainly a most gen- and can truthfully say it Is a boon to weak
trous offer, and the following extracts taken men. I am greatly Improved in size, strength
from his dally mall enow what men think of and vigor." <&sbst>*&&e . . . ' ■
tls generloslty: : AH correspondence is stslctly confidential.
"Dear Blr— Pleas* accept my sincere thanks mailed In plain, sealed envelop*. Th* receipt
for yours of recent data. I have given your Is free for the asking and he wants w«ry man
treatment a thorough .teat and tie benefit to hav* It. .. - ■
SCANDALS SET
EUROPE ON EDGE
Marital Troubles of Boy
alties Disturb the
Rulers.
LONDON, Dec 7.-The domestic inf ellci
ties of European royalties have never,
come so prominently before the public as
have to-day the difficulties of Queen Wil
helmina of the Netherlands, the dramatic
circumstances of which form one of the
chief topics of conversation.
The romantic halo surrounding the
young Queen and the keen interest taken
in her marriage only help to accentuate
public curiosity and sympathy. Moreover,
It is realized that Holland's scandal may
have grave political consequences for
Europe, and hence its developments are
followed closely by statesmen. While
those best fitted to judge Incline to the
belief that it will all blow over for the
present there are grave apprehensions for
the future.
From a personal point of view England
Is more deeply concerned in the scandal
going on In Hesse, where one of Queen Vic
toria's granddaughters is on the verge ot
separation from her husband. This youth
ful marriage— the Grand Duchess of Hesse
was only 18 when she exchanged her Brit
ish for a Continental title— has proved to be
one of the -most unsatisfactory among all
the loyal matches, and the climax, ilt is
believed, would have been reached before
this time had it not been for- the late
Queen Victoria's Imperious Influence.
The Duke of Edinburgh's other daugh
ter, the Crown Princess of Roumania, ac
cording to common report, also leads a
none too happy marital existence, though
recent rumors of an open rupture are met
with strenuous official denials. However,
no one in England would be surprised to
hear that she is figuring In a role similar
to that of her sister, the Grand Duchess
of Hesse.
Then there are scandals going on in the
courts at Belgrade and Lisbon, but these
ha.v« been so long before the public eye
as to need no comment.
Notorious Outlaw a Captive.
GALENA, Kans., Dec. 7.— Sol Temple,
an outlaw, who operated extensively in
Kansas and Oklahoma, and who has
broken Jail half a dozen times, has been
captured at Dallas, Texas, according to a
telegram received to-day from the Chief
of Police of that city. Temple broke Jail
recently at Pond Creek, Okla.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1901.
GIVES PRAISE
TO SOCIALISM
British Delegate Speaks
to Federation of
;~ Labor.
One Resolution Asks for Aid
for San Francisco Iron
• Workers.
SCRANTON, Pa., Dec. -7.— the Ameri
can Federation of Labor, which has been
in session here for three dUyB, completed
its organization to-day and the teal work
of the convention will begin oh Monday.
The official roll of the fede'ratlori Bhows
the presence of 312 delegates, the largest
number In the history of the organization.
During the .past two days 197. resolutions
were presented for . consideration by the
convention and all of them were referred
to committees. The committees will hold
sessions to-morrow . because of \the enor
mous amount of business to be disposed
of. --: '- •. ,.i.- -r-v..^ •"'. . .:.-'
The morning session was given up to
the completion of organization and in the
afternoon the British fraternal delegates
addressed the convention on union condi
tions in Europe. .'-■>■;
Among the large. number of resolutions
presented to-day were several relating to
the vital question of trade jurisdiction.
Other important resolutions introduced
were these: . . ; • /'. ■■,■
Asking for an appropriation Of $5000 to aid the
Ban Francicco ironworkers;. Increasing; the sal
aries of the national 'organizers -15 p«r cent,
and also Increasing the salary of the President
from $175 to V250 per month. and, that of the
secretary to $200 per month; demanding munici
pal. State and Governmental ownership of rail
roads and .telegraph lines, etc.; asking work
men to aid in the acquirement of 'the. power
of government for the purpose of nationalizing
industrial combinations; protesting against the
hhip subsidy legislation; expressing «ympalhy
for the Boers; requesting workmen to hold aloof
from the militia and indorsing the Swiss mili
tary Bj-stem; providing for the organization of
school teachers.-- ■.■'■■:'_• -
Frank Chandler of the Amalgamated
Association ot Carpenters and. -Joiners,
who is here as one of the -fraternal dele
gates from Great Britain, was Introduced
at the opening of the afternoon session.
He reviewed the labor conditions as they
now prevail in the British Isles. He said
his association organized a union in his
country thirty-three years ago and efforts
had been made in certain localities to
have Its members join the Brotherhood
of Carpenters. He pleaded with the dele
gates not to force the amalgamated mem
bers-to do this, or they, would sacrifice
much if they took such. action. .'
Benjamin Tillett of the British Trades
Union Congress made an address advo
cating socialism. Tillett held the atten
tion of the delegates for an hour 'and a
half. He said that the force that is do
ing more for labor than any other "is the
intellectual force of socialism." He- em
phasized the need of liberal contributions
of monfy to help labor In Its struggle for
better conditions and aided with Presi
dent Gompers on the question' of compul
sory arbitration. Gompers, in his annual
report made an argument In favor of
compulsory arbitration. Tillett said he
was opposed to leaving disputes to the
"prejudices of the courts." He believed
in placing these questions in the hands
of a board of arbitration made up of ex
perts.
P. M. Draper of the Canadian Trades
Union Congress pleaded for more aid
from the federation. - He said. Canada pre
sented a wide field for missionary 'work In
the Interest of organized labor.' He
touched on the Chinese exclusion act and
said that Canada should also restrict Mon
golian immigration instead of admitting
the Asiatics on the payment of a poll
tax of 5100. ■ r - : .-, . - : . .; . . -
SACRAMENTO'S MAY 'QtfEEN
SOON TO BECOME, A BRIDf!
Engagement of Miss Edith. Tufts to
Charles Bay of Gait Is ".;' " -',."
Announced., . .
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 7.— For the second
time a pretty romance has followed the
reign of a Sacramento May queen. • Last
year, soon after Miss May McAdams laid
away the ; scepter and . ermine-bordered
robes, her engagement to her prince con
sort, L. Stuart Upson, was made public
and their marriage— she in her May Queen
costume— followed. To-day It was given
out that Miss Edith Tufts, the queen of
the floral festival and street fair carni
val of 1901, Is engaged to mairy Charles
Ray of Gait, who is connected with the
firm of Whltaker & Ray of that place
and San Francisco.
Miss Tufts is one of the most; attractive
of the younger set of Sacramento girls.
Her parents, Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Tufts,
are at present residing In Virginia City,
Nev. Miss Tufts fills a position In the
Sacramento School Department. The date
of the marriage has not been umounced.
BULLION" THIEF HENBT
TAKES PAUPER'S 1 OATH
Employe Who Robbed the .Carson
Mint Walks Out .of j Nevada's
Penitentiary.^^. '':i . :
CARSON, Nev., Dec. . 7.f-Jariies Heney,
who has served a seven yearn' sentence
for robbery of the Mint , in 'thlu city, , and
who refused to take a!pauper'u cm th: last
week, came before, the v United States
Commissioner to-day, and took the oath,
whereupon he was released. ~ .Vhe United
States District Attorney askeil Heney : a
number of- questions regarding the dispo
sition of his property.: Heney said that
the property, had passed out «>f his pos
session at the time of his | imprisonment
and that most of it went in settlement of
attorneys' fees. The property that ,was
left was placed in the hands ' «>f his wife
and she procured a divorce about a year
ago. Nothing that the Government at
torney asked him revealed. th«> existence
of any proceeds from • the theilts of bul
lion. • .. ,;•;■••
"old dick" a vicrm ;.,:.._
OF FERBY DISASTER
Carcass of the San Rafael's Big Truck-
Horse Is Found Floating
In the Bay. ; \-v \ ".-;■: "■ ~~
SAN RAFAEL. Dec. 7.— Aiaother re
minder of the recent ferry-boa»t disaster
floated to the surface of the bay to-day.
It was the carcass of old Dick/ the horse
that for the last seven years made his
home on the San Rafael and dally, did his
share in hauling the heavy tructks on and
off the steamer. ..'Dick was a character
in his way. All the regular passengers
knew him and frequently pett««d, and fed
him. On the night of. the .collision the
last act of tCaptain McKenzIe 1vas to cut
loose the faithful old horse before he left
the sinking vessels. •• •^-» € *,.', ;-
I The carcass of Dick was se«n floating
in the bay this morning off ' Alcatraz.
Near it floated some chairs anU cushions
of th© Ill-fated boat! - ,
Arabs Attack the , Soldiers.
PARIS, Dec, 7.'— The Tempi ; to-day : pub
lishes, a dispatch from Tunis, B' lying that
serious disorders t have [ occurre'l at Souk
El DJema, near Tripoli. The Arabs, dis
contented with the institution Of military
service and the imposition of 'new taxes,
made a demonstration in the market place
and a conflict with the police ensued. Two
companies of infantry were dispatched to
restore order and were : attacked with
stones. When the soldiers , duelled the
riot they found that six Arabii and, two
Turks were killed and -that numbers were
wounded. Martial . law has been ■* pro
claimed' in the disturbed-distriit. :■;•;
Appeal for the Boer WlUnea.
PARIS, Dec. 7.— All the newspapers her«
to-day publish verses entitled "A. Christ-*
mas Carol," written by Bdmontl Rostand,
in the form of an appeal to the children of
all countries • to . contribute a .. portion of
their Christmas gifts to 'be sent to the
poor mothers and ' • children < In . , the' con
centration camps of South Africa. , .
The Best Fountain Pens.
We are selling agents for the V'Water
man" -Ideal . fountain, 'pens/. $2.50 to $10
each, and- sole agents for 'the "Marshall,"
the best $1.00 fountain p«n in the: world.
Sanborn, Vail & - Co. , ,-. . -,->;.; •,
mnv rZZ rT JOB ROSENBERG'S. .(W
r ' -. JOE ROSEJTBERGKS. | JOE JROSENBERCKS,- | JOS ROSENBERG'S. I
1DECIDED YET? \ m j&. gn W& Tgr 1 <SL . X hard-luck story of a B
1 Getting close \ JEW /y£gk H » J tH"" J^^3» S-H hard-up manufacturer jrtth H
m • *-~-&?&v£\ a. -v 'x. TJl3r iBa EW wL_ J WS^^^0^^^^^ aI'7 a wealth of WAIbTB ana a u
H .- >Cy— £jrKn^$£^fri*i tOim&SJ won. t *t Da 4h3BS2P &mi^^^ *ii poverty of ready cash i3 the k
I l0 Vl W know CORSETS— THAT'S WHERE WE ARE WE ARE OVERSTOCKED, hM S
I ~^V^SP"- "the rtor? 5" KING. Hence these remarkable price concessions LAfcft ' J^^ln^wi *
f the early bird and the worm; bet- a WHEN THERE IS AKT- $'.75 '"JSTEAD OF $2^75. Uf U the f^Jhad to^f^you'to B
ter make an early selection while F$ Jgo^° ?§ W JOE C S§l!x S - © KO&l male oYS^w*- * ' \ this l&e. ttatjjyayla,
the stock is at its best. Prices i^*^™F$®L. . /SL S°^ B S£ wwtaCe yOU ""* |
1 low, crowds comparatively small. /bg<7\ Military Straight lCw lar. There is no exaggera- todies' WAISTS, made of best
I We are now showing an elegant ffi^j? 8 ? 'Front Her Majesty's Cor- *&W tlon when we i say J these quality pressed flannel stitched point- U
I line of holiday goods.* W»J S^^Ti^^rSl Jl 8S |&"*S£. «g f n d f b ro nt SSfSSA^^K
I WHENEVER THERE IS ANYTHING NEW W\ Jl SSSru. <&*?i*J8S. t S& '
I IM UCn^U/CAD ' Pered steel, which make ?^3S> pink and blue. desirable shades. Just see this
B IN (ltUMfitAH them durable and strong. Stout women - price oX.^O
I Come to Joe Rosenberg's . who^had . A SENSATIONAL SKI3T SALE. - .„.- n.rARANCES.
I >^%^ And you will be sura to corsets give them a" better figure. A PARTNERSHIP DIVORCE CASE: PS& yUiU\ ULt«nfliiULO|
i fi nd it at prices much easier wearing for less than one- THEY COULD NOT AGREE. fe-^vS^ MATfiHLESSLY
B lower than elsewhere, quarter of what they have been pay- Agrree to disagree. To wind up affairs V&fc&r HiMium-utfuui
3 w « have just received Ing for them. We guarantee and fit they offered us their entire line of refty I flW PRICES
M \ S&sf an elegant line of neck- them S3. -5 petticoats. The price we paid does fitfwg: uw " IHIWhVI
R C-rfSZT wear for holiday use „,.-_„ DB . niNO not represent the cost of material, to *f|J]l\ Too much goods fa oar
B J^i and » order to make WORTH READING. Bay nothing of the making. Nearly *:*||IUl Wraooer Department.
if room we have reduced The new W. B. CORSET has the 500 of them. BfriHa. t fr> r C a. „-.,
H ■ dvn* f\ the P rice ot stoc>k on new military straight front steel, bias WE QUOTE A FEW. fi/A W LlA , DIE^ 8 Y RJCP 2
9 R&fi} \ 1 hand more than half. cut hand gored, rust-proof steels. 200 LADIES' PETTICOATS, made T//hl » PERS. made of rood •
B VaW ) # Read the following made of the best Italian cloth: low. of XX EngUsh Fast Black Sateen. iffll^ quality flannelette, pol-
| <6r / and be convinced. / sloping bust, long over the hips and finished with a nine-inch flounce, also /SW^S^O ka-dot effect, fitted
H LADIES' NECK RUCHES, made of abdomen, with new garter attach- with a corded ruffle and dust ruffle. 3 back, full front, deep
U • best fast black liberty . silk, full and noent- colors Black. White. Gray. To The making will cost you more than flounce on bottom.
1 p[g^ffi."5.j^sar js> c & si.hs*iS l M2r.".™..«ioo ss^&as-sSi »* « <wte*«. ******
a collar made of best white taffeta, hem- s flounce, corded and fluted rufHe. When _„.......-...„
H stitched overcollar, finished with fancy ._ .,;„ , rftln r tup innr nilT nc >" ou s^ 0 them you wil1 think they are HOSIERY TALK.
B hemstitched butterfly bow of pink. T WLL SCARE THE MICE OUT OF j wonders for SI. OO. „ t . ""^ " J • , ., „„
Q blue, red or black. Dainty, dressy and vmia uniicc Something that wilt interest you. \
1 Sin lb at*thi? r Dr l i t ce Cr0Wd " brInglI18f S ' Y0Ua " 0US L • ; A PERFECT GEM. ' < LADIES' HOSE, mad* of the best
I gaIn at thlS PriCe ' 30c $- ■ ' -n It will bring good ladies- SKIRTS made of best Quality Peruvian Hsle the "west
I LAST WEEK OF OUR GREAT RIBBON Eglgi \2« «u SS^ ffiS^^l^^&Vffi Sffaj^ng&t^^
| " SALE. I^SII Ir^^Als & "^to 1°^^^..^^
a <9t*^*!&^ 5(m yards of BEST IvL^mOT^'F'I ri-ri •■ w^vpvnu under flounce: also extra dust ruffle; M
1 flHfcS^^i RIBBON, made of ItlOT^A^.'' Anthem? '"» length, extra width. No better MOTHFR'^ FRIFND if
■ fp^-^ Qj ' all silk, three inches Mfi^^sKl They a?e made value to be had anywhere for even MU I tltn d rniCllU. H
1 *M<C?r?2r*>~^ wide > fancy corded. |gf2g^.-v^-v> of vl?v best De- more money S2.45 CHILDREN'S EVERLASTING If
ft *&££Z>&?5*8? in a11 the newest gfffe^^^^^f nim with raised Or CORSET COVERS made of best HOSE, made of best Egyptian cotton U
US ta on piHow c^n^^^ SS SS SBTJS^S^SV^ •**- ft ««T drt-t M« thh^ of »o w. .« - '^«..^^ggj4; '
Sj\ elsewhere for double this price.. 12%c tng 85c you can at VC wr §5v
ikl ' HERE ARE STILL BETTER YALUiS/ IRRESISTIBLE BUYING OPPORTUNITIES WINTER-WEIGHT UNDERWEAR fft
MV^^Sk .v nTHPR TREAT BATTENBERG In our Muslin Underwear Dept. Pried exceedingly low. X*^S
aajrjj^^ SURPRISE REMEMBER we MANUFACTURE LADIES' VESTS, made of best Peru- M&
I l5^S2w i3 t-.-kt OUR MUSLIN UNDERWEAR and In vian cotton, high neck, long sleeves, jTs "■JaWKal
*¥A«sIv»€mL A brand new special lot of BATTEN- CONSEQUENCE we are ENABLED fleece lined, neck crocheted and drawn «i "* - JwoFa
«g*gfff?Mr BERG RUNNERS. SCARFS, CEN- to UNDERSELL any OF OUR SO- through with silk tape; colors pink and •SL/^ffiaSSS'
MSn/WSBr TER PIECES AND DOILIES. CALLED COMPETITORS. blue. Best for the least 48c
fm ' K'SH"/iS ? i! #f:ti5S M WHEN YOU BUY AN..UMB3ELLA 'W
ra/»\^^ linen center. Why ruin your eyes made of best Lon^e % You buy a "new" one. Href » B
W % WlL when you can buy Battenberg at these 0 a se^n-lnch That Is one that has an original d; 3 - fE8$p i |
M • W^k prices? Sl.D* J^ffle of two Insertions of tinctive style about It-no need to stick JSBfflF ' I
OR BATTENBERG SQUARES. fine washable Torchon to the old conventional type or handle. jF~&Lj f\
Ull^ made of solid Battenberg. 14x14, pure face and trimmed with lace edge; cut There are over a hundred styles in this /C§i^ r »fii
msdtimSSL ■ ffnen braid, new stitches. True v^lue wide and full. Manufacturer's price., new -lot .not an .ugly one amons them. jS?iL JI
I E&3B& hBHSSCbV *nr- vmir mnnpv hfre r.flc 7oC UMBRELLAS, made or best Italian Mf*Jue18lL£k^Km
IWsBfYBBB&L •alSOI'lADIES:- DRAWERS made twill cloth, steel rod. steel frame. M%88SS&8m
I HEW Hs9»S6SL ««i.r uiiiinrnrm DiDnnue of good soft bleached muslin, deep Congo or natural wood handles, ster- mSsSfSsr'V^i^
lW W&® SOME WONDERFUL BARGAINS -|e 4?Wi[Wn
i^ /n our Knitted Underwear Department. A positive wonder for the money. -S^c 75c BW^ STf
I T\ . me DtiOCMDCDP 816 MARKET street, M Ml
\\\ \V t n h% c o^urinrs e e%^rLc d k r f^ Jut ItUuLNDLnu » » oTa^,,. / ni
\J&± Wl^^^^^^^^f^h Wal1 Q^ 0 " 8 8°» c 'tcd. PHELAN BUILDING. U J/J
m - wrr *&C!2&$Oto^ ;i -rtjctfSSBsss^Qhifc^^ y^S|Q^^MBM^r v^
ENTIRE NATION
PROMISES AID
McKinley Memorial As
sociation Receives
Assurances, y
WASHINGTON, Dec. 7.-The board of
trustees of the McKinley . Memorial As
sociation is in session here to-day. Judge
William B. Day of -Canton presiding.
Among those present wer© Cornelius N.
Bliss, New York; Senator Hanna, Ohio;
Henry C. Payne. Milwaukee: Myron T.
Herrick. Cleveland; Alexander H. Revell,
Chicago; General Henry M. Duffleld, De
troit; George B. Cortelyou; John G. Mil
burn, Buffalo; Senator Fairbanks, Indi
ana; Henry J. Lowry, Atlanta, and Henry
T. Scott, San Francisco. . - t V » -
\ Ryerson Ritchie, the secretary, reported
that the work of organization has so far
advanced that within : ten days the whole
country will be covered by the State and
local committees. From Hawaii Gover
nor Sanford B. Dole, who has accepted
an honorary membership on the board
of trustees, writes that hi expects a most
satisfactory contribution, as the people of
Hawaii thought a great deal of Presl-
JV1 iT\lVT tJ\/ ■ Made in these at any time.
iVl\^l>XIi I MORE fiONEY if bought now.
Intezui iig comiT Copper king mining syndicate I
OF WASH1N6T0H. OF WASBW6TBR. . ' . • I
COPPER, COAL, COKE. 65 COPPER CLAIMS. . !|
I The Montezuma . Mining Company Is 1 a lusty yearling. Its first Is- Tha Copper King Mining Syndicate was Incorporated September 14. t ' ]
sue of stock was put on the market in December. 1900;, first quarterly 1901, under the laws of Washington, with a capital stock of $10000000* E Q\
dividends paid October 31. 19 01; second payable January SI, 1902; regu- of which $7,000,000 Is treasury stock for development purposes It has I Ef/
lar dividends in larger amount will be pajd thereafter from coal and sixty-five claims In the Carbon River district In Washington north of I If
coke alone, for which . and near Mount Ral- | if
the demand far ex- gBBHB^eBEaBSB BEaaDBBEOBBBDH L WIirnni IIMIIBII 1111 II ill nier. The mines of I] [1
*ceeds the supply. Dlvi v ■ ,..;v'\ A tha district are rich, i *■
"™ I SAFE INVESTMENT HONEST SPECDLATION I 5SS 1 1
year. The company | 7 ; ■ . .. | value, being In copper, f |
000.000 is treasury . _ '• . . ££•;•£ W33* with excellent pros- I |
stock, ron-assessable and carries no personal liability. Big pects of securing a valuable tract Copper Is the main reliance of tha P ti
copper properties In Tahoma and .Carbon River . districts, only fifty company for profits, and development work is- going briskly forward H i
miles from the sea; 2000 acres coking coal lands, eight-foot vein black- during th« winter M»^i n .™ . ♦ Z • * "-f™ 11 * Dnsxiy rorwara g|
smithing coal (better than Cumberland); 150 men employed; Monte- tninJr-! ™ ♦ ""^^ ls t0 be Installed early In tha spring. »i
zuma postofflce established; bunkers, railway and company's store engineer s report says: The company plan to make Its mines pro- |
built. The only copper company operating coal mines and coking fluctlve the first year." Prices will be substantially advanced after tha *U
ovens— a combination that reduces operating expenses. to the., lowest first issue > of shares Is placed. At the price they offer honest r»
notch. Montezuma Bhares are purely Investment; sold on speculation, to say tha least, with tha chances strongly In favor of 1
| a: guarantee; a big; strong,, .safe -company. Some of them becoming, with early development of the district, a profitable a 3
l W pro^ Dt of ':■■• b l8r to 8 °& Sft^fira. °gVe*& M num&rwi.ery Sl^V&TSoSXt'l?* * V*2 T "^ *™ " I I
hold on. .Shares going to par in; the next twelve months. Read tha !^L Sin 1 7 , . ,i these shares for a handsome P™nt. which tQ
opinions of the shareholders who have- visited the mines. Par. value ' tney wlu most sui> ely yield. Par value of shares $100; first issue of- t3-
$1 00; offered at 27c cash or 30o on installments; advancing monthly. fered for quick subscription at 5c cash or 6c on installments. Ask for » 1
Write for printed matter. So c ore. coal and coke at our office. ' prospectus and maps. Ore at our office. f«
ThB AMERICAN BUflBANTY& TRUST C 0>, Sl^g 328 Mo^gomery St., Sa n Fr JnS, f
dent McKinley. Governor Hunt of Porto
Rico Is . equally sanguine, and from
Alaska the thousands who have gone to
the gold fields assure the association their
hearty co-operation. From New England
the people have already responded gen
erously. - Similar assurances come from
many other quarters.-
Many schools have taken up the plan
enthusiastically. In Minnesota Governor
Van Sant has given assurances of $20,000
from the school children alone. Governor
Hunt of Idaho has set apart a special day
for school contributions.
A deputation from the "William McKln
ley National Memorial Association for
mally proposed to the meeting a co-op
eration of the two memorial associations
in the collection -of funds and that the
total thus collected shall. be divided, one
third to go to the construction of a tomb
at Canton and two-thirds to • the con
sruction of an arch at Washington. A
sub-committee met late this afternoon to
take action on the proposition.
File and -Fistula Core.
Bample treatment Red Cross File and Fistula
Cure and book on piles free to any address.
Rea Co.. Dept. 2. Minneapolis. Minn. •
Loses His Coin in "Chunks."
BOSTON, Dec. 7.— At the close of the
stock market to-day Thomas "W. Lawson
issued a statement that he had not as
signed and had no Intention of doing so.
In regard to rumors that he had failed
he said, when questioned: "I have not
assigned and do not intend to. I have no
reason to now or any time. I do not deny
that I am losing money and losing It In
chunks. But I have It to lose and when I
get through will have enough left to buy
at their (his opponents) price and resell
at mine and still have something left."
LABORIE MAKES
NO DISCLOSURE
Reasons for Rupture
With Dreyfus Are
Kept Secret.
PARIS, Dec. 7.— The general expecta
tion of sensational disclosures In Maltro
Laborie's explanations of bis rupture with
Dreyfus has thus far been disappointed,
as ho announced that his lips are sealed
by professional secrecy from telling the
story of the actual breaking of relations
with the Dreyfus family.. His articles up
to now have taken the form, of a personal
polemic against . Reinach and Bernard
Lazare, but they have gone to show how
wide is the breach between Dreyfus and
Reinach and the former's champion.
The friends of both sides are pained to
read such letters as Lazare writes to
Laborle. In which, declining to reply to
certain allusions by the latter, he says:
"It Is unnecessary for me to help you
In throwing down your own statue. You
appear quite able to do the work your
self."
The antl-Dreyfusard press naturally ex
ults over what they describe as a "display
of dirty Dreyfusard linen," and, with
Machiavellian Intention urge Jfaltra
Laborle, now that he has been thrown over
by his ungrateful friends, to reveal tha
whole Dreyfusard conspiracy against tha
army.
On the other hand. Tves-Guyot In tha
Siecle says the adversaries of Dreyfus are
mistaken if they Imagine that any proof
of his guilt will emanate from tha
polemics of his former friends, bnt ha
repeats his prediction that the Dreyfus
affair will dominate the elections of 1302.
as It did those of 1393.
The accusation of Major Carrier* tT'Ht
Governmental pressure had been pat upon
him to plead in favor of the release of
Dreyfus continues to be discussed, and
General de Galllfet again denied any part
therein, and challenges bis accusers to
arraign him In t&e high courts.
Doesn't Know Finn's Liabilities.
OMAHA, Dec. T.— The directors of tha
Omaha Loan and Trust Company are la
session to-night with Edward Battle ot
Philadelphia, who represents the Eastern
creditors of the Institution. Tho Omaha
Loan and Trust Company was organized
In 1SS5 with a capital stock of KOO.OCO.
which was fully paid up. A. TJ. Wymin,
president of the company, said that aa
to the nature of the company's liabilities
he was unable to speak with certainty,
but would probably make a statement
later. He said that some time ago It
owed $650,000 on It debenture bonds, but
thought that amount had been somewhat
reduced. The guarantees of the company
on securities It had handled and of Inter
est payments had, he said. Involved It to
some extent A large amount of 1U
mortgages were put up some time ago to
protect the debentures.BUSINESS LOTS
ARE IN DEMAND
Second Sales Show the
Drift of the Market
for Realty.
Purchasers Are Also Seeking
Out Choice Sites for
Homes.
The demand for business properties In
San Francisco can hardly be better illus
trated than by a transaction which haa
aken place in the last week. A lot at No.
ZX Suiter street, on the south line, the di
mensions bein;? 25x120 feet, has just been
sold, the Von llheia Real Estate Company
* :11ns as brokers. In two weeks the lot
is been sold twice. Each time it has paid
a Droflt to the former owner. A number
of iinj>orta.nt sales have been made by the
earae brokers, lour of which are reported
to have aggregated $115,000.
One of these properties is the flfty-vara,
on the southwest corner of Franklin and
O'FarreU streets. The lot will be subdi
vided and resold. A lot on the north line
of Turk Btreet, at No. 120, west from Tay
lor street, 27:6x127:6 feet, with old Improve
ments, has changed owners. Unless there
is a resale the old improvement* will be
torn down and a slx-story-and-basement
buildlsgr will take their places. The bro
kers decline to give the figures in each
transaction, as the deals are really speo
ulative, based on the present rapid growth
and future bright prospects of this city.
ehainwald, Buckbee & Co. have sold the
residence of Mrs. 8. B. Welch, on the
north line of Pacific avenue, between
feteiner and Pierce (streets, with lot 46x
127:6, being No. 2510 Pacific avenue, to Mrs.
Samuel Q. Buckbee for 527,500. As a part
of this transaction Mrs. Welch has bought
from Mrs. Buckbee a lot on the south line
of Pacific avenue, fifty feet east from
Pierce, 43x127:6, for $10,000. Shalnwald.
Buckbee & Co. also report the following
eaies;
Property oa the southeast line of Mission
etreet. ITS feet northeast of Sixth street, 45x80
feet for $14,000, sold for account of John Pforr
io the Peter Dean Company; lor the California
Title Insurance and Truet Company to Mrs.
J. R. Freud, lot on the southwest corner of Van
Hess avenue and Bay street. 112:6 feet by 123
feet, for JU.6C0. The brokers hare made sev
<.-:! other transactions amounting up in the
~y?:grhbcrhood of flOO.000, details of which are
l.i yet ready for publication.
Other Deals Are Made.
Four lots in the flfty-vara -at the south
west corner of O'Farrell and Gougrh
streets have been sold by Thomas Magee
& Boas for 522,000. The lots are described
as follows:
Southwest corner of O'Farrell and Gough,
Z2:en.ff1 :«: eouth line of O'Farrell. 82:6 feet
west from Cough, 12:6x127:6, less an L. of 12:6x
iS; eoutb line of O'P"arrell. 110 feet -west from
Goush, £7:6x137:6; west line of Gough, 107:6
feet south from O'Farrell street, 30x95.
The Eame brokers have sold the lot on
the north line of Union street, 24:4 feet
east from Franklin. 25x117 feet, for $1750.
Henry P. Sonntag has purchased a lot
on the north line of Geary street, with old
Improvements, situated 137:6 feet east
from Jones street, 28xC2:6, for $16,000.
Mrs. Dr. Pescia and Frank Mahon have
sold to John Martin 63x127:8 feet on the
north line of Washington street, west
from Gough, including a handsome resi
dence, for a-bout $40,000. A. J. Rich & Co.
■were the brokers. Through the same
tgency L Schwartz has bought from the
Goodall-Nelson heirs 70x128:6 feet on the
east line of Van Ness avenue, with an L
of 21:4x50 feet, running: to Bush street, the
rrcperty being on the southeast corner of
Austin avenue. On the site a twenty
apartment house will be erected. The
price paid for the property is reported by
the brokers to be about $12,500.
Madison & Burke have sold for John T.
Harnes 68:2x275 feet on the east line of
Eighth street, 137:6 feet north from Bran
nan, to Schussler Brothers for $9000. Upon
it Trill be erected a factory for the manu
facture of picture frames.
Two large leases have been effected by
A. J. Rich & Co. For the sum of 5140.000.
for a term of ten years. Tobias Brillantl
•will occupy the 130-room, five-story hotel
■bullOlng to be erected by the Luchsinger
estate, to face the Tivoli. For $78,000. dur
ing a term of ten years, Louis Audat will
use the 100-room, six-story building of
stone and brick to be placed upon the
south line of Bush street, between Taylor
and Jones streets, 137:6 feet west from
Powell street, which will be built bv Louis
Hulbing.
Edward B. Hindes has leased to S.
Hutchlnscn for five years, at the rate of
tSOO per month, a hotel building on the
eouth line of Bush street, between Taj'lor
and Jones streets.
Fhlna Kahn has leased to Julius I*evy
for ten years a building at 106 First street,
for 523,250 for the terra.
Leases and Sales.
Bovee, Toy &. Sonntag have just leased
for A. Aronson a portion <;f the lower floor
and basement of the new building going
up at the corner of Mission and Anthony
streets to Cluett. Peabody & Co. The con
cern has occupied quarters on Battery
street for some time, but more room was
needed and it was decided to move to Mis
sion street.
Sol Getz & Bro. report the following
sales:
Lot 50x120 en the east line of Ninth avenue.
102 feet south of M street, for $1100; 21x120, on
the cast line of Ninth tvenue, 100 feet south of
J street. SSOO; 27:6x10(1. on the southwest corner
of M street and Klnth avenue, for $1200; 25x120,
on the west line of Ninth avenue. 100 /eet north
of M street. J6M; 75x100, on the southeast corner
of Sixteenth avenue south and'H street south,
5350; 50x100. on the southeast line of London
rtre«-t, 100 l>et northeast of Persia avenue. $400:
'-~x:.\ on the west line cf Thirty-fourth ave
nue. 175 feet south of J street. J150. and 2Sxl20.
on the west I in* of Thirty-seventh avenue. 175
feet eouth of C street. ?1j0.
O. D. Baldwin & Son have made recent
Bales as follow?:
Lot SoxlCO. on tbe east line of Van JCes ave
nue. 327:S north of Pacific avenue, from O. T>.
Ilfildwln to H. TV. Crellin. for {8500; lot 20x£0,
with improvements, on the north line of Hnnv
ar(J 5tre«>t. 273 feet east of Tenth, from George
£ GRAPE-NUTS.
MISCHIEF MAKER.
A Surprise in Brooklyn.
An adult's food that can save a baby
proves itself to be nourishing and easily
digested and good fcr big and little folks.
A Brooklyn man says: "When baby was
about eleven months old he began to grow
thin and pale. This was at first attribut-
ed to the heat and the fact that his
teeth were coining, but, in reality, the
koor little thing was starving, his
"Hfriother's milk not being sufficient nour-
fchment
"One day after he had cried bitterly for
an hour, I suggested that my wife try
him on Grape-Nuts. She soaked two
tcaEpoonfuls in a saucer with a Mttle
sugar and warm millt. This baby ate so
ravenously that she fixed a second which
he likewise finished. It was not many
days before he forgot all about being
nursed, and has since lived almost ex-
clusively on Grape-Nuts. To-day the boy
is strong and robust and as cute a mis-
chief maker as a 13-months-old baby is
expected to be. . t- ; -
"We have put before him other foods,
but he will have none of them, evidently
preferring to stick to that which did him
so much good In his time of need— his
old friend Grape-Nuts.
"Use this letter any way you wish, for
my wife and I can never praise Grape-
Nuts enough after the brightness It . has
brought to our household. These state-
ments can be verified by any one who
wishes to make a visit to our home."
F. F. McElroy. 256 South Third street,
Brooklyn, N. Y.
Grape-Nuts is not made for a baby
rW'd. but experience with thousands of
bibles shows it to be among the best, if
not entirely the best lit use. Being a
i-cientific preparation of nature's grains,
It is equally effective as a body and brain
builder for grown-ups.
CUSTOMS MEN
ARE SUSPENDED
lnree Revenue OflQcials
Charged With Bad
Conduct.
Accused of Releasing Two
Smugglers After Ca
rousing.
The not very edifying spectacle of cus
toms Inspectors carousing in saloons with
two smugglers whom they had under ar
rest, and allowing their prisoners freedom
for two daj-s, has been called to. the at
tention of Customs Collector Stratton and
the offenders have been suspended from
duty pending an investigation which will
result either in their exoneration or their
dishonorable dismissal from the service.
The suspended inspectors are E. C.
Broderick, A. M. Clifford and John B.
Peppin Jr. It was reported to Acting
Customs Surveyor St. John that the ac
cused officials had arrested on Saturday,
November 30, John and Joseph Alexander,
longshoremen employed on the Doric, for
smuggling a quantity of silks and silk
hats purchased by them from L«ong How,
the sailmaker on the Doric, and that they
did not surrender their prisoners into the
custody of the proper authorities until the
following Monday. It is charged also that
immediately after making the arrest and
seizing the smuggled articles on the per
scn of one of the prisoners they went
with the smugglers into several water
front saloons and drank an indefinite
number of ••healths," all of which is al
leged to be conduct unbecoming officials
of the revenue service or of any other
service.
Collector Stratton will begin the inves
tigation nest week and will report the
facts to the Secretary of the Treasury.
"H. Rankln to Levl M. Kellogg, for $5000: lot 23
xlOO, and house, on the south line of Fine
street. £1:3 west of Webster, from William G.
Hoasr to Oscar C. Cappelman, for 52700; lot 25x
120, with three flats, on the south line of Oak
etreet, 112:6 east of Octavla. from the estate of
M. de Lonruel to Hermann F. Sahlender. for
*7750: lot 20x50. with two-story brick building,
on the northeast comer of Dupont and Adler
streets, from Daniel Sullivan to D. S. Weaver,
for $6000; lot 45x100, on the southeast corner of
Lake street and Tenth avenue, from the Cali
fornia Land and Granite Company to Hani
Wolff, for 11500; lot 25x100, on the north line of
Carl street, SO east of Wlllard, from Mary B.
Presson to T. B. Draper, ror $1525: lot 37:6x
102:8, on the northwest corner of Sacramento
and Lyon streets, from William K. Van Alen
to George E. Ames, for $4700; lot 25x137:6, on
the south line of Clay street, 87:6 west of Ma
ple, from John McGaw to Thomas A. Keogh,
for J2000.
Sales of the following described prop
erties are reported by the Von Khein
Real Estate Company:
Lot on the west line of Kearny street, 117:6
feet south of Union, 20xS0 feet. $4500; lot on the
east line of Mowry alley, north of Broadway
32x71:9 feet. J2300: lot on the west line of
Union place. 140:6 feet south of Union street,
£0x€2 feet. J2SS0; lot on the east line of Howry
alley, north of Broadway, 32x71:9 feet, $2100;
lot on the west line of Mowry alley, W:6 feet
north of Broadway, 27x67:6 feet. ?1100, lot on
the west line of Stockton 6treet, south o! Lom
bard, 21x87 feet. $2400; lot on the west line of
Twelfth avenue, north of K street. 102x93 feet,
$550.
Edward A. Kiel has bought from John
Coop the Slocum stable property on tie
north line of Post street, 137:6 feet east
from Hyde, for $46,000. The lot Is about
S0x275 feet, being of irregular shape.
George T. Marye Jr. has bought from
the Greenberg estate 75xS0 feet on th°
west line of Seventeenth street, 30 feet
south from Mission.
Market-Street Values.
Thomas Magee & Sons, in their Real.
Estate Circular, give an example of in
terest concerning the increase in value of
real estate on Market street In this city.
The Circular says:
James L. Flood last month bought for $120,000
the frame building and lot on the northwest
side of Market street, 131:2 feet southwest of
Stockton. The lot has a frontage of 27 1-6 feet
on Market by a depth of 92:6 and 76 2-3 feet
through to Kills, with 22 feet rear front on
that etreet. This property adjoins on the south
west the gore lot on Market. Stockton and
Ellis, owned by Miss Flood. Few sales better
illustrate how San Francisco has grown and
Its best real estate increased in value than the
history of this small parcel of property, which
contains only 1S59 square feet. It was sold on
December 17. 1862. by A. and H. Wolf to Sarah
Jane Hull Icr $o200. It was resold on July 20,
15.G6, to John Grant, an old and hale pioneer
etili livine here, by Asa Hull and wife for
$10,5CO. Mr. Grant built fair two-story frame
Improvements covering the land. The building
was refitted two years ago by the present
tenant. Thomas Magee sold the property on
June 2, 1S75, for Mr. Grant to M. A. de La
veaga. for $61,500. and resold It aeain on Feb
ruary 15, 1S77. for $72,500 to the late Charles G.
Mason, discoverer of the Silver King mine of
Arizona. Mr. Mason's son is the seller now.
The rent of the property now. as we have said.
Is $550 a month from one tenant. When sold
for $61,50) in June. 1875. It was renting for $425,
and when it was resold in 1877 for $72,500 the
rents w«!re the same. Now, when the property
resells for $120,000 it is renting for only $125
a month mere than that. The explanation of
the big advances in price and the comparatively
stationary condition of the rents, is due to the
reduction of interest rates, and the desire of
Investors not so much for high rates of in
come as for certainty and steadiness. Market
street secures the latter better than any other
meet. *
Hew Buildings.
A four-story brick warehouse, on plans
by Fred H. Meyer, will be erected by
Sampson Tarns and D. L. Randolph on
the west line of Spear street, 183:4 south
from Market street, to cost JGO.OOO.
The heating apparatus to be placed in
the Mutual Savings Bank building on
Market street will cost $18,440- OH will be
burned for fuel. •
Timothy J. Sheehan will build on the
east line of Baker street, 110 feet nortn
from Halght, a three-story and basement
frame building, to cost about 57500.
C. F. Marwedel has. contracted for the
erection of a two-story and basement
frame building on the north line of Lick
alley, ninety-five feet west from First
street, to cost 52300.
L. Peterson will build a two-story and
basement frame structure on the south
line of Twenty-fifth, street, east from
Guerrero.
Isaac Anderson will erect two flats on
the west line of Stelner street, between
Waller street and Duboce Park, the out
lay representing expense amounting to
$30,000.
Mrs. MIna Xeller and Louts C. Euck
will erect a two-story and basement
frame residence on the north line of
Union street, 126 feet west from Polk, to
cost $M00.
D. J. Sullivan has arranged to place a
three-story frame dwelling on the south
line of Fourteenth street, 155 feet west
from Valencia street, to cost $5600.
The Citizens' Building and Loan Asso
ciation has removed to 219 Montgomery
street.
On the north line of Page street, 103:6
feet west from Clayton street, Robert
McMillan will place a three-story and
basement frame building, to cost $9000.
November a Light Mpnth.
G. H. Umbsen & Co., in their Real Es
tate Record, say of the transactions of
the last month:
November counts among the light months of
the year in the record of the transfer of sales.
This was chiefly owing to investors holding
back in the election period and for some days
following the announcement of the success ot
the Union Labor party candidates for Mayor
and three members of the new Board of Su
pervisors. At first there was a feelinsr of un
certainty and then one of distrust, but these
soon passed after the reassuring declarations
of the incoming Mayor and a calm review, of
the municipal situation. The latter half 'of
the past month developed some activity, anil,
if more were not done, it waa due as "much to
the disinclination of holders of business and
semi-business properties to accept offers aa for
buyers to make them. However, some of the
best prices ever paid for these classes of real
estate In San Francisco were received in No
vember, such as the $4000 a front foot given
by the Union Trust Company for the premises
on Montgomery street adjoining its bank build
ing, and figures given for Market street prop
erties. The prices paid for most other pieces
of realty were In general above those which
have heretofore prevailed. Little has been do
ing on the eastern end of Mission and adjoin
ing and cross streets as land there Is highly
held, but it is known that offers have been
made far In advance of those of the earlier
part of the year, while the disposition to pur
chase south of Market 6treet and, west of Third
is making itself more and more apparent. Ex
cept In a few of the outlying districts values
are advancing with the indication of maintain
ing their forward movement. ■ i
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1901.
HARRY GREGORY
CHARGES FRAUD
Seeks to Prevent Dis
tribution of Uncle's
Estate.
Says Henry Campbell Is Not
Entitled to Represent
Heir.
Harry Gregory of Wayne County, Mich
igan, applied yesterday to the Superior
Court of this city and county for a stay
of the distribution of the estate of his un
cle, - George I>. Gregory, -who died in this
city In April, 1899, leaving an estate valued
at ?14,698, consisting of property at North
Beach and in the Western Addition, $5392
in bank and a number of ■ promissory
notes.
The petitioner claims he has learned
that Henry Campbell, his brother-in-law,
has been collecting the share of the Greg
ory estate which wae coming to the father
of the petitioner, and . that | Campbell
claimed such right by virtue of a pretend
ed conveyance. .'■• ■
The petitioner says that -if his father,
James Gregory, who Is entitled to one
eighth of the estate, executed such an in
strument he did so before he knew of the
extent of his brother's estate. The peti
tioner therefore asks that all further pro
ceedings be stayed until his right as the
heir of his father, James Gregory, be
passed upon. The records of the Superior
Court show that Edwin O. Tucker was
appointed special administrator of the
Giegory estate In "April, 1899, and that at
least two payments, one for $500, the other
for $750, were made to Henry Campbell on
account of the interest of James Gregory,
father of the petitioner. The estate was
handled by Judge Coffey, who signed two
oidcrs directing the partial distribution of
the estate, and who passed upon all the
claims presented against the estate. Greg
ory, in his petition, alleges that if Canip
bell possessed any document giving htm
the right to assume charge of James
Gitgory's share of the estate that it was
obtained by fraud and that he has good
and sufficient reasons for claimin.j that
iio such conveyance was ever made.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. H. B. Gates of San Jose is at the
Palace.
A. H. Ashley, District Attorney of San
Joaquin County, is at the Lick.
H. B. Strauss, purser of the transport
Sheridan, is staying at the Russ.
J. E. Minor of Stockton is staying at
the Palace. He is accompanied by his
wife.
FV M. McPheters. owner of the stage
lines around Truckee, is a guest at the
Russ.
Frank Dulmaine, a prominent mining
man of Grass Valley, Is a guest at the
Grand.
Charles G. Bonner, a raisin dealer of
Fresno, is among the arrivals at the
Grand.
Bradner W. Lee, the well known resi
dent of Los Angeles, is a guest at the
Palace.
C. C. Clark, superintendent of the
Church mine In El Dorado County, is at
the Lick.
A. B. Lemmon, an attorney of Santa
Rosa, is down here on a short visit and is
staying at the Grand.
R. G. Pacheco of Albuquerque is at tho
.Palace. He is in the employ of the Gov
ernment and is en route to Manila.
Dr. Thomas Flint, accompanied by Ws
wife, is down from San Juan and is
spending a few days at the Palace.
John A. Ljubibrotich, proprietor of the
Mansion House" at Watsonville, Is here on
a short business trip. He has made his
headquarters at the Buss.
PRINCIPALS INSTRUCTED
REGARDING PROMOTIONS
School Board. Authorizes Them to
Promote Pupils on Term Stand
ing Alone;
The Board of Education issued a circu
lar of instructions yesterday regarding
promotions of pupils in the public
schools. Principals are authorized to pro
mote on term standing alone if they con
sider it best for the interest of their
schools. The circular says:
Examinations for admission to the high
schools shall take place as follows:
Monday, December 16, 1001. at 9 o'clock a. m.,
language. 100 credits; Monday, December 1»,
1901. at 1 o'clock p. m., spelling, 50 credits:
Tuesday. December 17. 1901, at 9 o'clock a. m.,
history. 100 credits; Tuesday, December 17, 1901,
at 1 o'clock p. m., geography, 100 credits; Wed
nesday. December 18, 1901. at 9 o'clock a. m.,
arithmetic, KM) credits.
Kight grade pupils of the following schools
win be examined at the Lowell High School:
Pacific Heights, Spring Valley, Hancock,
Washington, John Swett and Adams Cosmo
politan schools.
At the Girls' High School: Richmond. Jean
Parker. Hamilton, Hearst, Clement, Crocker.
At the Mission High School: Horace Mann,
Columbia, Kairmount, Mission, Monroe, James
Lick and Everett. • •
At the Polytechnic High School: Franklin.
Longfellow,- Lincoln, Irving Scott and Denman.
Eighth grade pupils of all other schools will
be examined at the High School most easily
reached, as the principal may determine.
Honorarlcs in B.. eighth grade, are to be
excused on December 13. Pupils are to be
excused upon completion of examination each
day.
Killed by a Fall.
Charles Splchel Jr.. a clerk employed by
Faber & Co., grocers, died in the Buena
Vista Hospital last Friday night from In
juries received last Thursday forenoon.
Spichel. while engaged in arranging stock
in the basement of the grocery at 11!>
Taylor street, slipped and fell a distance
of ten feet to the floor. He was picked
up unconscious and removed to hJs
home, 1436 Dolores street, and afterward
to the hospital. Splchel was a son of
Charles Spichel, one of the proprietors of
the Pacific Box factory, corner of Fifth
and Berry streets.
News in Army Circles.
It has been definitely settled that the
Hancock will sail to Manila by way of
Honolulu and Guam and those who are
to sail on her are hoping to spend Christ
mas at the former port. Lieutenant L. A.
Edwards, Artillery Corps, has been as
signed to the discharge and detention
camps on Angel Island. It Is expected
that a large detachment of casuals will
leave this country in company with tlw
Fifteenth Cavalry. .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fii»j >4^^b vUw |Sl E^vt P5H BBS R
f ,?.£?? h , aT 5 Rh enniatinn, Goat, Lnmbigo, ScItMci,
Jl % °rf» Tome" a 60 cent box free to ell who
SEi ki * l?.* lTe t 1118 Preciou* remedy a faithful
M ' n *- 6ch 2 tt of Mnr ioD, Ohio, writes:
•Tor Ujears I suffered from rheumatism. I watted
on cratches and had to take to my bed. After an
remedies failed I adopted Gloria T^nTe which com!
pletely cared me." Fullj one hundred thousand per-
*on»harei been cured through this wonderfulipeciflc
asfflsarKj'jasjr 1 " 11 «-«>~-5-
JOHN A. SMITH,
2825 Germanla Bulldlna. '
RILWAUKEE. WIS., U. 8. A.
■ . ' " "^" . ADVERTISEMENTS.
9 Price $4-00. Weathered - iWPm _5=*=5Sp~ : ' ==:::= ~ \.}\ s _ . ., „ -, , . — —^— —^»^^____ W
B PngNo^nShlX^nJ Price J3.S0. Go.deT 19^^^^^^^M\\ Oak'^tbt&tT 18 inches Price. K.50. MahoT] 8
B "5 is nch« In dlam- Oak . Taboret. 20 Inches \W --s*^ -~*=^=- . W in height: top 14 by 14 anized Birch Taboret. H
I eter Very strongly l 1 ' 6^ to ? 13 b v 13 /» J -* E^ " — ' V inches. Also In imlta- 18 Inches In height; top I S
H built. "trongiy inches. A very pretty tP C <5~ V tlon mahogany at (3.30. j 15 by 15 lnchea? IB
1 r « - ft _jgg—^L Price, J22.50. "Weathered Green Ash Li- rf*"* ' m-'i I/ 1 ""^inf 4^ C^w — •*
H Price, $8.50. Golden Oak t>,i^» *11 m Mnhniran- I r SKS . '— r?*— ~ \\i\ I T>rle* $3 50 Mahoftan- I Prtce - tT.SO. Goiaenl »
1 dipper Chair, with rush aeit, i,S wirpb Mualc CibSS ' *T*^P^ i/fi ized Birch MusfcCab- °t^ Arm Chalr ' wlUx **- I
B neasures only 14 inches from WiK? W Sd a i fU^ ' Ulff ' Inet 33 inches high by 13 »*«» wo £ d , «*t «* H
| 1oor to seat, thus enabling a fLhi. wide SnUlM «Ix ' W*^ ff nches wide? Contains high, restful arms. H
B .erson to button shoes with ln , c l h «?»wJ^ -helves fo- • li five shelves anci rod for Also in imitation ma- «
I »-- at^ Ration mahogany co'm- ? V c^tain^ "ill go' nicely i
5 I L. partment for books. j ■ with most any piano. to match OaJt Chair. J7.50. D
B .' :■ ,• Price, $25.00. "Weathered Green I "&
1 /{355K .«» Asn Wrltln *' Desk. A decided nov- n
u . - iKi?^ /3\ e ' ty ' n a new finish. Measures 28 u
H 4flB ra waKjWK \'nl Inches wide by 42 inches high. . ■ Jgj #te>_ ; M
M 'RE*. 7M/*i'v!iF?t£fKlii • • Tne writing surface measures 14 by >..-.-• ' /22J2SSCS fl
H S85t7*?^?!V§*1 "" " 34 lnches and there are slx Pteecm- h£&?M 3
n.. _ „ .,. ,, . . I ' • . ' , ' ' Price, $16.50. Quartered Oak Cen- ■ 1Z11 : "■ i ■
Price, M.50. Golden ■ ; ; — _ — ter Table, finished golden brown. — T~i ZTT1 T-.T T"T— Price. H5.6O. Golden a
Oak Hall Rack. Price I"0 CO Golden Oak Boudoir This is a beautifully finished table, n FT , lce ' $ t 5 5 G ° I ?, tn Oak Oak Chiffonier. » fl
plaKlrr^r iO F b e v n< io -I***? With ornaSStal carving on having highly polished surface. Top l^d c^h/on «? a f U a v^ Inches wide and 17 |
lnch«i and Xne front Contains three drawers an.l measures 27 inches In diameter. pE?rn??ahi£ «f?»fr Avery ln ? hes ,,«* ee P;, , ? M H
nooks six * feet fou? usual number of Pigeon holes. height SO Indus. | comfortable affair. - mirror 12 by 13 Inches. »
B Inohcs high and two ■ ■ .■ " . : .....'".. B
B Bachelor's Cabinet, 55 inches . . ' ■ /\22K«" -^' , ■ ■
H high and 27 Inches wide. , ..'.-.:'.: • *^ \ Price. J20.00. - Golden a
■ Consists- of two cabinets. «— — — — — - — -— — — , : J .,,-•«- —;,..."» i Oak Combination Book It
■ containing shelves, alr-tlKht Price, $7.C0. Golden Oak - ■ Price. 115.00. " Golden Case Desk. It Is six feet 1
6 tin box and revolving Book . Case, mounted on Price, J37.C0. Golden Oak Extension Table, Oak Shaving Stand. 2 Inches high and 3 feet t\
B stand which wilt hold seven good casters and "havinc highly polished. ' Size of top when-closed 48 by €3 Inches high- by 13 4 inches wide. Mirror 10 H
B bottles.? There are a drawer four adjustable shelves. Cur- 48 Inches; when extended. 8 feet long. One ol f Inches wide. Contain* by 14 inches. Book Case fl
M and a sliding shelf between tain is not Included in price. . the new designs In round tables and delight- swinging mirror 10 by compartment contains U
EJ cabinets. A charming little book case. fully pleasing. • 16 Inches. _ five adjustabla shelves. B
I j (Successors to California Furniture Co.) I
| 957 to 977 Market Street, Opposite Golden Gate Avenue. )
2930
ADVEBTISEJIENTS.
THE OFFSPRING
OF HEREDITARY
BLOOD TAINT. '
Scrofula is but a modified form of Blood
Poison and Consumption. The parent
who is tainted by cither will see in the
child the same disease /-^TTJ>- >*v
manifesting it self in £»$VX
the form of swollen £3&&*b*i\
glands of the neck and ffiSwo^S'S'-
throat, catarrh, weak *M^*" r-^ SpM
eyes, offensive sores jgJfcA?* S^Sl
and abscesses and of-zjerarv "£- /%£&
tentimes white swell- >$j$£Sik/^z(jt?^
ing— sure signs of jJ^J^Sfev r
Scrofula. There may W/ (<i\A v, X^l /
be no external signs for / \f-- * '•*^. \
along time, for the disease develops slowly
in some cases, but the poison is in the
blood and will break out at the first favor- J
able opportunity. S. S. S. cures this wast- \
ing, destructive disease by first purifying
and building up the blood and stimulating
and invigorating the whole system.
J. M. Seals, 115 Public Square, Nashville,Tenn.,
stys: "Tea years ago my daughter fell and cut
her forehead. From this wound the glands on*
the side of her face became swollen ancl bursted.
Some of the best doctors here and elsewhere
attended her without any benefit. We decided
to try 8. S. S., and a few bottles cured her en-
tirely. M
StjG& iflfe makes new and pure
¥L^ WL^ blood to nourish and
strengthen the body,
fri jff K_ffff an( * * 3 a positive and
xsr safe cure tor Scrofula.
It overcomes all forms of blood poison,
whether inherited or acquired, and no
remedy so thoroughly arid effectively
cleanses the blood, 'if you have any
blood trouble, or your child has inherited
some blood taint, take S. S. S. and get
the blood in good condition and prevent
the disease doing further damage.
Send for our free book and write our
physicians about your case. We make no
charge whatever for medical advice.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, CA.
ST/\TTE7VYEiNT
1 OF TJd-15
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE
Fireman's Fund
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF BAN FRANCISCO. IN THE STATE OF
California, on the Slst day of December.
A. D. 1900, and for the -year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and €11 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the
Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash $1,000,000, 00
ASSETS. ' ~
Heal Estate owned by Company $563,700 00
Loams on Bonds and Mortgages 2S0.1S7 61
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2,262,825 00
Amount of }»ans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral 151,100 00
Cash in Company' s, Office 14,472 07
Cash in Banks 176,032 43
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 780 30
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 6,913 24
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 460,975 64
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 50,743 88
"Warrants r. 1,256 56
3>ue from other Companies for Re-
insurance on lcfses already paid.. . 8,102 05
Advances on unsettled Marine Losses 5,076 S5
Bills Receivable 1.680 00
Total Assets 14.013,675 76
LIABILITIES. ~ ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid $32,093 30
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 138.775 92
Losses resisted. Including: expenses. 6.S25 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. SI. 153, 362 S8;
reinsurance 50 per cent 576,681 44
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,463,-
609 40; reinsurance pro rata 744,333 SO
Gross premiums on Marine and In- 1
land Navigation Risks, $23,365 47;
reinsurance ICO per cent 23,365 47
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, 5127,814 95; reinsurance 50
percent 68,907 47
Special deposits 14,759 It
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 61,850 61
Marine bills payable 6,213 07
Total Liabilities $1,671,807 61
—
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,597,432 63
Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine rremiums 323,183 05
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages S2.609 15
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 117,4:9 08
Received for Rents 27,952 09
Total Income' $2,098,676 00
EXPENDITURES. ~ '
Jfrt amount paid for Fire Losses.... ?9SS.931 74
Net amount paid for Marine Losses. 197.496 85 |
Dividends to Stockholders 120,000 00]
Paid or allDwed for Commission or |
Brokerage 257,30143
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 236,017 74
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 68,432 45
AH other payments and expenditures 191,003 91
Total Expenditures $2,059,209 14
Losses Incurred during the year .$1,191,457 64
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $192,755,941 $2,316,597 26
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 1C7.293.911 L982.621 48
Net amount In force
December 31, 1800.... 217.250.S96 2,616,972 28
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks, j Premiums.
Net amount of Risks T
written during the |
y ear ry,-""] nOl.564,872 $862,05080
Net amount of Risks] i
expired during the! !
> ear I 103,524,793 1 831,06185
Net amount in force! '
December 21, 1&00.... | 4.550.425 1 161,180 42
WM. J. DUTTON, Prest
r ,*.«..* a a ™ VIS WEINMANN." Secy,
subscribed and sworn to before me, this 16th
Cay of January. 1901.
ANDREW J. CLUNIE,
Insurance Commissioner.
-^UJggyy -v •Jffipra. *d strenrth and
''Vr^fi > Vn" 1 "EIECTRIOBK.T" j
and Appliance*. Drugs do not cure. Kite- I
tridty Is the remedy 1 Buy no Belt until
you »ee Dr. Pierce' a. for it is tht BEST
Thousands cured!
C7Call at office or aend a 2c stamp for
new "Booklet No. 2." Address PIERCK
ELECTRIC CO.. 20« Post St.. San Fran-
clseo. Eastern offic*— 1145 Broadway. New
Tcrk.
fSa CHICHCSTCR'8 ENGLISH
Pesnyrqyai pills
« ,«<i"-'v VrigimmA urn* Only e«uls«,
.£& tor' CniClLKSTEK'S KNGLISH
m» in irr.D ut Gold mtullla bout. m'M
flWa with fciue ribbon. Take ■• otiw. Befasa
k WJ J>«»roro»« B«l»UtuUoo« aad Inlto.
(Jf Ueaa. »«y ut jr»«r Drcgjrl.t. or «nd 4«. la
tX. "*"£*..*". Pardralan, TaatlsamlaU
f> •*t* u tt*H«r tmr lMMmm, m t» Utur.it r^
IS tar* Malt. 1 «,O«M» Testimonial.. S*14 b»
' »'.l DrL»fi«u. ' CUrh eater Oil ctnloalC*-
KutttO (fell aapn. 1U41MK £«•»«, fOUjL, V£,
FRATERNITIES
s~*^r) UPREME CHANCELLOR OG
/T DEN H. FETHERS -will visit
(^sA^\ San Francisco during: the cur-
Vv A J rent month, arriving here on
*■ -Jf the 18th irist. On the 23d he will
" "^"^ be tendered a reception by the
local lodges in union meeting in
Pythian Castle.
On the 10th inst. II. Schaffner, G. K. of
R. and S., and other grand officers will
pay a visit to Sequoia Lodge In the Red
Men's building.
Active measures will shortly be taken
by the various lodges of the order in con
nection with the Supreme Lodge meeting
in 1302.
A new lodge was instituted on the last
day in November at Junction City by W.
C Bonell. with fifty charter members.
On the 10th inst. the members of Mars
Lodge will tender a. farewell reception to
its members who have been ordered to
Manila with the Fifteenth Cavalry.
A new company of the Uniform Rank
will be mustered in on the 13th inst. at
Dixon by H. Schaffner, brigadier general,
retired. On the 14th Brigadier General
McGlashan will muster in a company at
Vallejo and on the 21st one at Bakersrield.
The bal masque given last week by the
uniform company at Newman was a great
success.
The San Diego lodges .will shortly pro
mulgate a circular letter throughout the
various grand domains of the world im
pressing upon Pythlans everywhere the
attractions of their city and why that
point of Interest should be included in the
itinerary of all persona who come out to
the coast to attend the great Knights of
Pythias international gathering in Cali
fornia next August.
The new Uniform Rank company at
Vallejo Is holding regular drills, and Cap
tain Fifield, who ranks high as a drill
master, predicts that the company will
soon be able to hold Its own against all
comers.
Marathon Lodge of Los Angeles is one
of the latest to quit paying compulsory
sick benefits. The numerous California
lodges that have so far taken similar ac
tion feel more than satisfied with the re
sults.
Milo Lodge of Nevada City had a smo
ker Friday night and there were present
a large number of members and other
gentlemen.
Riverside company gives bi-monthly so
cials to raise funds with which to pay the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Healthy Blood.
The blood is the source of
strength. If you are weak you
need a medicine to tone up your
stomach and make p'.enty of rich
red blood. The medicine to do
this is Hostetter's Stomach Bitters.
It will not shock the system and
it cures indigestion, dysp3psia,
heartburn, be'ehing and ma-
laria, fever and a°;ue. Try it,
also obtain a copy of Hoststter's
Almanac frcm your druggist.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS
That Is aa positive in its results
beyond all question. If you have
Rheumatism. Catarrh, Cancer, Ca-
: tarrh ot the Stomach, Kidney Trou-
ble or any disease attributable to
| germs or microbes. K*')A"'
jVTTnPO"R v - X'T.T/KTR will
f CTJItE YOTJ. $100 a bottle. $3.00
1 a Jug. Delivered free to any part
a Market street. Phone Mint 1455.
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
to CHICAGO
The maximum comfort
combined with highest . speed
is secured on this celebrated
train.
It runs over the
SANTA FE
From San Francisco, daily, 9 A. M
Ticket Office— 641 Market Street
(Perfect Eye •Glasses
Fitted by E3(perf6pticiar\5
,theOculariDm '""
0PTIC!ANS^uor!^ HICAPRAf?AT U3 .
Rao m Scientific '
6^JK52ST s S Tv Instruments.
B^WBKhT \ tHtI AJI Bfl ' mff^lsHfflB
IbIIi essi bH Ed! ra^cwS?
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
K EA 5^L AND WASHINGTON STS.-RE-
/i« modeled and renovated. ICINa. WARD &
«°; uro P«» n P^n. Rooms. 60c to $1 60 day;
5L to *?- w fS k: * 8 to $2 ° month. Fre*. baths
toot and cold water every room; lire gratea In
•very room; elevator run* a 1 .: nlcbt.
THE SAN FRAOSrclSCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1901.
organization's encampment expenses at
San Francisco during the Supreme En
campment. Colonel A. A. Wood lias re
sumed the captaincy of the company.
A strong Pythian club has been organ
ized at Manila, P. I., where there are
some 500 knights from various domains.
A lodge will be formed there as soon as
the constitutional status of the islands is
fixed by our Government. -
A series of district meetings has been
inaugurated at Stockton.
Grand Chancellor Calkins has already
during his term officially visited nearly
half of the lodges In the State. Wherever
he has gone he has been received with
unbounded favor, and has by his practical
methods and earnestness awakened deep
interest in the coming international meet-
Ing at San Francisco and other matters
pertaining to the order's welfare.
The Eastern Star.
Th»» officers of Ivy Chapter will be in
st ailed in Gold.en Gate Hall on the night
of the 10th inst., when Mrs. C. E. Tisdale
will enter upon her duties as matron of
lhe» chapter.
The ottieers of Harmony Chapter are to
be installed in Golden Gate Hall by Past
Matrosi Annie Marie Johnson, assisted by
Past Matron Emma Carter as marshal,
in Golden Gate IJall 'on the night of the
12th inst.
A very enjoyable evening was spent In
the hall of San Francisco Chapter on the
occasion of its last held meeting. In the
absence of Charles L.. P. Marais, the pa
tron, Past Grand Patron George L. Darl
ing presided and conferred the degree on
two strangers. After the work there was
a social hour and dancing to sweet music,
furnished by Past Grand Organist Mrs.
Nellie A. Darling, until a late hour. Re
freshments were served during the even
ing. This new chapter is very hospitable,
and the officers and members have the
happy faculty of knowing how to enter
tain and interest their visitors.
At the meeting of California Chapter
on the 5th inst. six strangers were re
ceived by initiation and three by affilia
tion. These are Mr. and Mrs. William
Cordes. Mr. and Mrs. A. W. Turpin, Dr.
L. P. D. Dorais, W. T. Kibbler, Mr. and
Mrs. F. Bronson and Miss Lillie Bronson.
A change in the officers took place. Mar
guerite Witner was elected treasurer,
vice May E. Browne, and Jane Mc-
Laughlin was elected assistant conduct
ress, vice Ida May Roberts,-
Klng Solomon Chapter spent a pleasant
social evening after business on the 4th.
The new officers of this chapter will be
publicly installed in Franklin Hall on the
night of the 18th inst., after which there
will be a banauet.
The following " appointed officers of
Berkeley Chapter, together with the elect
ed ones, whose names have already been
published in this department, were in
stalled on the 3d inst. by Worthy Grand
Matron Mrs. Clara A. Giberson, assisted
by Miss Susie M. Willats as grand mar
shal: ' Miss A. E. Gage, Adah; Mrs. A. J.
Marliave, Ruth; Mrs. F. Stephens. Es
ther; Miss Hill. Martha; Mrs. C. Smith,
Electa; Mrs. Belle Payson. warder; Mrs.
McClain, marshal; Mrs. Coddington. chap
lain; Francis Ferrier. sentinel. Mrs. La
vina Jane McClain, the outgoing matron,
was presented a handsome jewel, and the
Installing officers were each presented
beautiful flowers. The music was by the
Masonic Quartet and Mrs. Mills and C. S.
Merrill, while a recitation by Mrs. Mal
com Johnston closed the programme.
The Odd Fellows.
It Is expected that the officers of Golden
Gate, Unity, Wildey and Oriental en
campments of the Independent Order of
Odd Fellows will be jointly installed in
public for the ensuing term. The idea is
to have the instaUatJpn in the Assembly
Hall of the Odd Fellows' building and
then have either an entertainment or a
dance.
Canton No. 5 of the Patriarchs Militant
is arranging a banquet to 'be tendered to
its drill team.
The grand master and grand secretary
Instituted a new lodge at Gazelle on the
26th of last month and instituted another
one at Isleton on the 7th inst. At the
last named place the grand officers were
assisted by the grand warden and a de
gree team from. Sacramento.
Considerable progress is being made in
the line of organizing the new degree
team for District No. 103.
Alta Lodge on the 4th Inst. gave a high
class entertainment in the Odd Fellows'
building to about 300 people, members and
friends, under the direction of the gen
eral committee, consisting of Charles O.
Paradls, N. G.: Alf Z. Zobel. V. G.;
Frank McDonald, S.; W. B. Hibbett. P.
G., and B. F. Stevens. The programme
was made up of an overture by Brother
Patrick; address of welcome. C. O. Para
dis, N. G.; address. Past Grand Atkins;
vocal selections. Brother Hanna: instru
mental selections, orchestra; specialties,
Brothers Osthoff and Cameron; selections
on the zither, Joe Regensberger; vocal
selections by a quartet of ladies from the
McKenzie Society, specialties by Lily
Spencer and recitation by Brother Steven
son. ]
Jubilee Rebekah Lodge Is arranging for
a grand social evening on the 12th Inst.
in celebration of the second anniversary
of its institution.
On the night of the 4th inst. Oriental
Rf bekah Lodge had Its art party, which
was a success and was well attended.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
mi^YSPMA
A CURB_FOR IT.
Not a Patent Cure All, Nora
Modern Miracle but Simply a
Rational Curs for Dyspepsia.
In these days of humbuggery-and de-
ception, the manufacturers of patent med-
icines, as a rule, seem to think their med-
icines will not sell unless they claim that
it will cure every disease under the sun.
And they never think of leaving out dys-
pepsia and stomach troubles. They are
sure to claim that their nostrum is abso-
lutely certain to cure every dyspeptic and
he need look no further, v
In the face of these absurd claims, It is
refreshing to note that the proprietors of
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets have carefully
refrained from making undue claims or
false representations regarding the mer-
its of this most excellent remedy for dys-
pepsia and stomach troubles. They m-ikc
but one claim for it, and that is that for
indigestion and various stomach troubles
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets is "a radical
cure. They go no farther than this, and
any man or woman suffering from indi- •
gestlon, chronic or nervous dyspp.Dsia
who will give the remedy a trial wilinnd
that nothing is claimed for it that the
facts will not fully sustain. ■
It is a modern discovery, composed of
harmless vegetable ingredients acceptable
to the weakest or most. delicate stomach
Its great success in curing stomach, trou-
bles is: due to the fact that the medical
properties are such that it will digest
•whatever wholesome food is taken into
the stomach, no matter whether the stom-
ach is In good working order or not. It
rests the overworked organ, and replen-
ishes the body, the blood, the nerves, cre-
ating- a healthy appetite, gives refresh-
ing sleep and the blessings which always
accompany a good digestion and proper
assimilation of food. ,' .
In using Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets no
dieting is required. Simply eat plenty of
v/holesome . food * and take these Tablets
at each meal, .thus assisting and, resting
the stomach, which rapidly regains its
proper digestive power, when the Tablets
will be no longer required. ■
Nervous Dyspepsia is simply a condi-
tion in which some portion or portions of
the nervous system are not properly nour-
ished. Good digestion , invigorates the
nervous system and every. organ In the
bedy. ■ /. ■■.:■■<■ ,' .-_i -.-,-.
- Any ■ druggist will tell' you Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets give universal- satisfaction.
• ■"■■ ; . . ADVERTISEMENTS. . . . . ' " *
j| THE TWO £RE&T QS^Rf'STMAS BOOKS OF 1BOU ||
im STRONG; ViVip, AMERICAN, SWEET, HEALTHFUL. |&
|§* "J ''CAN FIGHT SASSY, BUT NOT FOR NO KING BUT GOD 'A' MIGHTY." - @j
I@ ■ SO SAYS D'RI IN THE GREAT STORY ©I
um\ •' ' '■ - ■ _ ■ _ ■ - #fel
il 150th THOUSAND. ®f
: H^C Ey IRVING BACIIELLER, autho/of "EBEN HOLDEN." Eight Brewings by F. C. Tohn. Price $1.50.
Herb Those words are the keynote of his character, -R-hicli is strong, patriotic, inspiring, full of the ruggedness of the triM woods, *!*§
HEiwl the cunning of the fox, the wisdom of the bear. " £^ a
la BUT WHY M
1j^ Do people buy books? Is it because they are praised by their own publishers? NO. It is because some friend has read the Afi
ffl book. He meets you— he asks if you have, and perhaps you say no. '*** | ;
|*§ WELL, READ IT, HE SAYS. *|1
H JJC Those are the magic words that sell books— millions of them. Here are men you kno\r— wise and disinterested men of sood %jj9g
119 judgment whose word is as that of a friend.. They say: • &jfl
1^ . •■ READ D'RI AND I tij?l
|^ BECAUSE: "It is a most vivid and enffrossing tale worth telling and well told," says the HON. JOHN HAY, K'JH
||j>j Secretary of State. •
avP BECAUSE: D'RI AND I is a rare book, In style vivid, in thought elevating. I wish every young man and woman might W#H
a%) read it for the leshon of its love motive. It makes you see clearly the difference between true end false love: yon feel |Wn|
BO the P eril of the one . the beauty of the other," go says the REV. DR. T. DeWITT TALMACE. tf$H
Hw?s BECAUSE: "It is a story of interest and humor, which carries with it splendid lessons of brave character, true patriotism and tt H
|<«f P ure lov . e '" bo says PRESIDENT WILLIAM DeWITT HYDE of Bowdoin College. $#a
|^> A fireat story, full of love, mystery, droW sayings. Nearly 400,000 «old in America and England. fj
HX • By IRVING BACEELLER. Price $1.50. * gj |
O^f - Sa - vs r » J David B. Henderson, Speaker of the House of Representatives: "Dear Old Eb! When troubles and bur- 1^1
R^ dens press upon me, old Eb can lighten them. 'Eben Holden' is one book in thousands. It goes to the heart; it lifts the character; C'afj
n^ it makes character; it will keep the young good, and make fie old better." Jj
i^ LOTHROF* PUBLISHING COMPANY, Boston. §(|
Many witnessed the art pictures and the
winners were W. Dupay and Mrs. Lucie
Hammersmith. The lodge will have a
grand entertainment on the night of' the
llth. There will be a literary programme
which will include a talk on Whittier and
Holmes by the Rev. W. Rader, a lecture
by Noble Grand Mrs. Harriet Beckley on
Juarez, Mexico, and vocal and instrumen
tal numbers by professional talent. Each
lady will bs presented a souvenir of Jua
rez. •
Loyal Rebekah Lodge will give a
Christmas plum pudding party in Pros
pect Hall, Odd Fellows' building, on the
night of the 16th inst.
The entertainment that was given on
the last Saturday in November by Wal
halla Rebekah Lodge was a delightful
one which was attended by a large num
ber of people. The several numbers were
contributed by Miss Coonan, Miss Thier
bach, Miss Muchaus, Miss Roche, Miss
Grueniger, Miss Rahlmann. Miss Uhlberg,
Master Harold Hoff and Miss Alice P*er
rln. The several numbers were presented
In artistic style and were well received.
To the untiring efforts of Mrs. Meridlth,
Mrs. Miller and Mr. Breckwoldt is due the
success of the term ju3t closed:
Native Daughters.
The entertainment that was given last
week In aid of the Native Daughters'
Home will realize a very creditable sum
for that institution. The ladies of Buena
Vista Parlor, who gave their services to
the cause, are deserving of a great deal
of credit. Of the minstrels, the one who
demonstrated that she is a natural born
burnt-cork artist was Mrs. Ella Wehe.
and in the position of tambo she was as
good if not superior' to many male or
female minstrels who have taken the
place of end men. She was full of life,
witty and sang with so much gusto that
che was forced to give two encores. She
had two good seconds in Miss Tlcoulet,
the president of the parlor, and Miss Adel
Lignon. All of the performers received
many beautiful 'flowers.
The Christmas tree party and snowball
social that has been arranged by Darina,
the parlor of beautiful girls of the West
ern Addition, will be given on the night
of the 23d inst. in Red Men's Hall, and
as the committee is composed of good
workers it Is bound to be a success.
Lilly O. Relchllng, founder of the or
der of the N. D. G. TV., was quietly mar
ried on the 2d inst. In Simpson Memorial
Church to Francis Dyer, a Journalist. The
newly wedded pair left for a tour of
Southern California.
Miss Mary Murray, for many years sec
retary of San Miguel Parlor, was on the
5th inst. tendered a banquet by the mem
bers of her parlor in appreciation of
faithfulness in office and her amlableness
and courtesy for, as the members say,
"she is one whom to know is to love."
Mrs. Menefel of Arcata Is in this city
visiting her sister, Mrs. A. Decker. She
is the organizer of Wlnona Parlor, which
bids fair to have two delegates at the
next Grand Parlor session.
The following named were visitors ; at
the office of the grand secretary last
week: Grand Treasurer Amanda Ham
merly. Grand Trustee Stella Finkeldey,
Grand Marshal Harriet S. Lee. Miss May
Stein, Grand Vice President of the Young
Ladies' Institute Lilly O. Relchling, Mrs.
A. Decker of Buena Vista Parlor, Amy
Menefel of Arcata, Mrs. M. Kervan of
this city, Miss ' Kervan of Alta Parlor,
Nellie Blumb of Sans SoucI Parlor, Mrs.
Lamee of Angelita Parlor, Mrs. Emma
Coffman of Llvermore, Mrs. Ed Leake of
Woodland and Mrs. James Toman of Sut
ter Creek. . .
Druidic Groves.
Hartnagle Chapter No. 3, United An
cent Order of Druids, has changed Its
regular meeting night from the second
Friday In the month to the second Mon
day. The next meeting will be held on
the 9th : inst., when It Is expected that
there will be a number of candidates to
initiate.
Manzanita Grove at Its meeting on. the
5th Inst. initiated three strangers, com
pleting the clas3 of 102 which should have
been present at the great initiation.
There are still fifty applications on the
desk, and the prospects . are that this
grove will make an increase of 200 before
the opening of the next Grand Grove ses
sion. On the 12th inst. the grove will ini
tiate a large class in the second degree.
McKinley Grove is still forging ahead,
receiving new members at each meeting.
It has at present a proposition to create
a . social fund by voluntary contributions
from the members, so that social'func
tions may be given without drawing on
the general fund.
At the last held meeting of Galileo
Grove '. the second degree was conferred
or. six eliglbles in the presence of Noble
Grand Arch Godeau and Grand Secretary
Martinoni, who expressed themselves . as
delighted with the manner in which the
work was performed. The team of thi3
grove working in the second degree will
join In the competition In the amplified
form on the 16th of March for a trophy
offered by the noble grand arch.
Golden Star Grove at its last held meet
ing was visited by Past Noble Grand Arch
L. F. Dunand, Noble Grand Arch Godeau
and Grand Secretary Martinoni, on which
occasion it was announced that In the
division of the prizes for the initiatory
work at the' great Initiation the first was
awarded to the team of Golden Star and
the second ■ to the team of Perseverance
Grcve. The announcement of the noble
grand arch was accepted with thanks,
and at his request a committee consisting
of P. J. Molitarnl, J. : Rossi and J. 1 Focado
was appointed to select the trophy. , •
Laurel Grove at its last held' meeting
initiated ; five strangers and received five
petitions to become members. ; : •
\ The grand secretary ■■> was. visited ; last
weekvby Noble Arch Silva of Pleasanton
Grove. -This grove was visited in a body
recently by the membership of'Ldvennore
Grove, on .which occasion | the • officers of
bcth groves were Jointly installed in.pvM
lie. After the ceremony there was a ban
quet, at which there were present about
200, Including many ladies. The principal
speakers were Past Noble Grand Arch
Frank Lewis and Grand Marshal George
Beck.
Llvermore Grove at Its last held meet-
Ing initiated six strangers and expects to
have a large class at its next meeting.
Centerville Grove, in the town of that
name, was visited on the night of the 2d
inst. by Noble Grand Arch Godeau, who
was accompanied by Grand Secretary
Martlnoni and Past Arch L. A. Wolff of
Laurel Grove and Past Arch J. L. Gomez
of Vasco da . Gama Grove. There was
a large attendance and the visitors In
stalled the officers for the ensuing term.
This grove shows a gain of fourteen mem
bers for the past term and two applica
tions on file. Under good of the order,
the grand officers and. other visitors de
livered instructive addresses.
Daughters of St. George.
On the evening of the 5th Inst. the So
cial Club of the membership of Britan
nia, Daughters of St. George, gave its
annual dinner in one of the popular rotls
serles. : The dinner was enjoyed by nine
ty-six, including the escorts to the ladles.
F. D. . Brandon was toastmaster,' and he
called upon a number of those present
to respond to various sentiments. The
principal speakers were H. Digby John
son, the toastmaster; William Claack, and
M. Dunn. There were vocal numbers ren
dered by Messrs. Chalmers and Mulhern,
Hugh Williamson, Miss Flora Beauford
and Miss Guerin. The health of Presi
dent Roosevelt was drunk, as also was
that of King Edward.
On the 2d inst. the officers of Britannia
Lodge were installed by Mrs. M. A.
Brady, D. D. W. G. P., a member of
Golden Gate Lodge of Oakland. There
were present a large number of both
lodges. R. Hewitt, W. P. P., on behalf
of the lodge presented a beautiful gold
emblematic badge to retiring Past Presi
dent A. Price. The presentation was fol
lowed by the serving of refreshments.
This lodge will have a bazaar and Jap
anese tea in its lodgeroom iln Pythian
Castle on the afternoon and evening of
the 9th inst. v
Improved Order of Bed Men.
Altahmos Tribe No. 87 of the Improved
Order of Red Men celebrated the fifth
anniversary of its institution by a delight
ful entertainment and grand ball in Gold
en Gate Hall on the night of the 4th
inst. There were present at least six
hundred -people,- who were entertained
with the following programme that was
greatly appreciated by all.
Overture, Stross Orchestra; welcome by Past
Sachem V. F. Northrop; vocal solo. Miss
Evelyn Morrell; fancy dance. Miss Florence
Sanders; recitation. Miss Mae F. O'KeefCe;
Orpheus Quartet, C. R. Winchester, Charles
Petrie, F. Grannis, H. C. SImpkin; "Our Or
der," Great Prophet F. B. Brandon: contralto
eolo, Miss Grace J. Savage; San Francisco's
favorite monolcglst, H. Auerbach; vocal solo,
Miss E. Clair Madden, accompanied by Miss
Katherine Madden. .
' The programme of dances was made up
of the grand march, nine dances and two
extras. The very pleasant affair was
managed bv the following:
Arrangement committee — Lester Ulfelder
(chairman), ' J. L. Sanders, Dr. R. F. Lane.
Frank Pearson, J. S. Patterson, R. L. Apple,
Dr. H. L. Lacoste and J. H. Hutaff. Recep
ton committee (red badges) — A. E. Wtssling
(chairman), G. W. Baltic, C. F. Jacobson, \V.
T. Lyon, A. A. Perrin, F. G. Thornton, H. M.
Blan'.censtein. Dr. F. B. Petrie, W. J. Blal3
dell. C. N. Brown. V. F. Northrup, F. Hardy.
A. L. Adams, H. ■ Cllls, - Dr. -W. F. Barbat and
Dr. H. A. Nlemeyer. Floor manager, W. G.
Harloe; assistant floor manager, R. L. Apple.
Floor committee (white badges)— Thomas Bate
son, H. S. Henry, A. H. Freund and H. F.
Ofkenkamj>. .
Great Representative ' Henry A. Chase
is on his way back to San Francisco
from Baltimore, where he spent a few
weeks with his family after the session
of the Great Council of the United States.
He expects to be here In time to attend
the session of his tribe on the llth Inst.
Prior to his departure he was one that
attended a family reunion of the Chase
family at the old homestead, and on the
last day of November he visited Pow
hattan and Oneta tribes of the city named.
The last named team got up a great
tA book thttVell % "Among the mo« brillUM works of Bctlon M "A rottunw of
•oari th« feidinf."% I have read'Mlnett* 1 itaad» conjplcuou*." M absorbing Interest.
ZrHsturrTeU^kX : -Caspar Wi,t.r HiaU. , M -««£«3,«££
\ A STORY §
Y THE FIRST t
\ CRUSADE^
■ S I2ra».. Cloth. DecorM*l\.
t •••Anintorestinf.torT M For sale by all bookselliwX TV'!? V\ "£.',?•
• oEZi^mml'W : • % markabl, well man-
-"'"'' '<""y.j 0HNW . iLIFF & CO., Chlcago.\ **%£%2SL
feast in honor of the visitor from Cali
fornia.
American Foresters.
The first grand entertainment and ball
given by the board of relief of the For
esters of America of San Francisco in
aid of the benevolent fund in Native
Sons' Hall on the evening of the 3d inst.
was a very pleasing affair that afforded
a great deal of enjoyment to all who
braved the elements that night and at
tended. The programme of entertain
ment included:
An overture by the El Dorado Orchestra; ad
dress o/ welcome by Grand Chief Ranger John
Heenari; vocal solo, Louise Bendervater; fancy
step and Jig- dances by O'Connor and Kelleher;
fancy dancing: by the Cronin children; mono
logue. A. H. Hal let; Professor Palmer" s Juve
nile Mandolin and Guitar Club of Oakland—
(a) "Creole Belles," march and two-step
(Lampe): (b) "Song of Love" waltz (Weber);
primos, Harry Ellis, Carl Larsen and Harold
Willebrand; secondos. Warren Osgood, Vivian
Dent; guitars, Tessa Dent. Marjorie Shaw and
J. F. Palmer; vocal selections, F. Murphy and
J. Beatty; stuff and nonsense and storiettes.
M. S. de Roco; fancy dances. Miss Gladys
Cordy; caricature artist, Fred G. Cooper.
The programme was followed by danc
ing. - The function was under the direc
tion of the following officers of the board
of relief; •
Dr. M. Neumann, president; Gus H. Vincent,
vice president;- Daniel Teare, treasurer; S.
Schweitzer, secretary; arrans amenta— G. A.
Sullivan (chairman), S. Schweitzer (secretary),
Daniel Teare (treasurer). Thomas E. Gibbons,
C. W. Brown. ' H. S. Bally. Gus H. Vincent,
L. F. Guedet, J. Label; floor manager, Frank
Noriega; assistants. J. J. Bacon and Matthew
Brady; floor committee— Frank Miller (chair
man), Hugo K. Asher, D. O'Callagrhan. Thomas
J. Woods. G. F. Blmkman. M. C. Lasky, H.
S.-Baily, I. Sullivan, Charles Rasmussen; re
ception—C. W. Brown (chairman). Dr. C. M.
Frappman, A. M. Tucker, Emil Lampe. J.
Cavagnero, A. Hallet. E. Mohrlgr, Dr. I*, G.
Bacigalupl, A; J. Glover. P. H. Coyle. N.
Lauritana. George Boden. J. W. Gleadell, C.
R. Hayden, P. J. Gray. M. T. Alliman (C. R..
Court Zenith), I. Levy (C. R., Court Hayea
Valley), William Reed. Charles Goldberg, Hon.
Frank Kerrigan. Hon. Frank Muraaky. P. V.
Long, Hon. Franklin K. Lane, T. B. W. Le
land. William A. Hanson, Charles Woodall.
Judge F. Dunn. Hon. J. F. Duane. John Lack
mann. Hon.' E. J. Smith. J. Samuels. P. S.
C. R.
At the quarterly session of Court Sutro
Heights in Shasta Hall of the Pioneer
building on the night of the 9th Inst.
there will be held the election for officers.
It is expected that there will be an in
teresting session.
Court San Francisco gave . a very pleas
ant social in the Alcazar building on the
night of the 4th Inst., which was con
ducted under the supervision of T. V.
Severance, F. Smith, I. P. Beban, E. F.
Wills, M. Pander and J. L. Goetz.
A board of relief has been established
in Sacramento and one In Santa Bar
bara. ■ ..
Court U. S. of America celebrated its
twelfth anniversary in . Oakland with a
banquet, which was enjoyed by about
two hundred. E. T. Holden was the
chairman of the committee of arrange
ments.
The official visit of the grand chief
companion of the Companions of the For
est of America to Presidio Circle has been
postponed until the 15th of next April.
The time and place of the entertain
ment to be given by Elmhurst Circle have
been changed. Instead of being given in
Red Men's Hall at Elmhurst it will be
given In the American Foresters' Hall In
Oakland on the night of the 13th Inst.
instead of the 14th. There will be a fine
literary and musical programme.
A movement has been started to have
the local circle, together with, those of
Oakland and Alamedn, give a grand min
strel entertainment in the near future to
raise funds for the purpose of entertain
ing the grand officers and delegates to
the next Grand Circle. Grand Chief Com
panion Miss Alice Tlcoulet was elected
honorary chairman of the general com
mittee of arrangements, Supreme Sub-
Chief Companion Mrs. Lizzie Atwood
active president, Mrs. A. Davis first vice
president, Mrs. M. Smith second vice
president, Mrs. Drendell of New Century
Circle secretary. E. H. Chamberlain In
side guard and S. Schweitzer outside
guard. A number of the members who
attended the meeting of delegates from
the various circles held last week were
appointed to visit the different circles and
talk up the minstrel show. Jacob Label
of the American Forester Review, Dr. "W
A. Atwood and the modest member of
Inter Nos Circle were made honorary
members of the general committee.
Loreiey Circle will hold a Christmas fes
tival In the social hall of the Alcaz&r
building- on the night of the 12th Inst., on
which occasion Kris Kringle will appear
and give presents to old and young. Thera
will also be dancing.
DELTA. Ohio, Dec. 7. — Three robber* brok*
into the bank of the Archibald banking Com
pany at Archibald last night and secured about
$2000. ■ The thieves slole a horse ana surrey
and fled.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ffflAnOptical^f/
ILL-* There's no economy In JL.VA
fiZf) going to an optician of foXyl *
-^Vydoubtful ability to Pur-vCvJ'
1/ chase glasses upon which _
If your eyesight depends.
f You wouldn't go to a \
cut-rate physician, would ' }
you ?
I Then come here, whera
j you're safe, where you'll .
find experts to serve you,
where you'll find no ap-
prentices and no delays or
disappointments. '
We've everything !n
I optical goods from specta- i
\ des to telescopes— and /
\ nothing but the best I
\\<y optician. If
if 201 KEARNY ST. 11
I 1 CORNtfe or SUTTER I 1
% y% KOPAKAGENCY- PH0TO3UPPUg3fJ 1
CONTINUATION
EXTRAORDINARY
AUCTION SALE
OF REAL ESTATE
The following chofca and select Hit of tapnwtd M4
nnimproTed properties will be fold for the. hairs of id*
lata William A. Piper, aft oar salesroom, Monday^
December 16, 1901, at 12 o'clock noon, by order of Gos»
Uts II. Umbseo, sols referee, subject to coaflrmatloa
by the Superior Court.
Northeast Cor. Sntter and Cough Sts.
This choice corner would pay handsomely It property
Unproved. Lot 70x120, three frontages.
1450, 1453.1454,1456 ft 1458 Franklin St.
Southeast corner Bush St. This choice- tnTeatment
consists of two corners, with five elecant 2-ttorr aaj
basement houses of 14 rooms and bath each, ot&ta
1315 per month. Lot 120x114.8. .
— Also —
Two desirable building lots, 33x120 each, flouting a
Bash St. and Fern Are. Will be sold separately.
1313 to 1326 Folk St.
Southeast corner Bush St. ThU choice Viiftifrsi
property consists of two corners, aad la clow to th«
transfer point of Butter and Polk Bts. ImproYemsntt
consist of eight stores and three -flats, with fraais
buildings, Nos. 1325-1329 Bush St. Rants $390 pw
month. Lot 120x150, three frontages. «X
McAllister St. | j
Near Junction of Market and Jones Sts. ' This ehoto \
business property could be made to yield haadscmtly li
properly improved. Lot 123x37.8, irregular.
City Hall Avenue.
Between LeaTenworth and City Hall Sqpara. T—
eholce buildins lots, 25x100 each.
213 Washington St.
Between Front and Darts Sts. ImproTsmenta octal*
of frame buildins. Bents (SO per month. Lot 22x130 to
Oregon St.
POTKERO.
Portion of Block 441, lot 100x400, thr«* front* res.
» .... 466^ .. 100x400> ibj9n tnmtMse*.
m w m 432^ i, 100x300, two frontaess,
M ** ** 513, " 100x409, three frontajs*.
" u M M2, •* '.00x200, two frontages.
* *» ~ 473, " 100x300, two frontage*.
" w " 614, " 100x400, three front****.
530, " 300x200, three frontagw.
" " * 518, *» 100x130. two frontages.
Gift Map No. 3.
Elsie St., west line, between Esmeralda aad Cos* *
Its. LoU 364, 3&S, 367 and 363, 25x70 each.
Wat catalogues and further particulars, apply to __
O. H. miBSEN ft CO.
14 Montgomery Str«*s.
DR. HALL'S REINYIGORATORS^mi
Stops all losses in 24 hours. Flvs &?l|*'I»r4
hundred reward for any case we " * p-JBP
cannot cure. This secret remedy i B
cures Emissions. Irapotency, Snfl RB
Varicocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet. yvsl »**
Strictures, Drains. Lost Man- 1*1:1 ioh «
hood and all other wasting ef- IT L
fects of self-abuse or excesses. Kg»mgl f
Bent sealed. »2 bottle; 3 bottles. *3; "laianteedJ______JUJVEBTI^EMEN-TS.
WHAT CAUSES DEAFNESS.
Zhti Principal Cause Is Curable bat
Generally Overlooked.
Many things may cause deafness, and
very often it Is difficult to trace a cause
Seme people inherit deafness. Acute dis-
tases like scarlet fever sometimes cau»#»
deafness But by far the most common
hcafanVthro^ 11^^ * Catarrh S"b?
.A!^M^
cases of deafness are traced to thr.v.t
StSS? 1> °° r hear ' ng "«™ "uSSi 1 by
hearing and ultimately cause deaf nefs
catarrh, the hearing will at once prelnv
improve and anyone suffering from d tl.Y
ness and catarrh can satisrv thi.^«»^
on this point by using a nfty-cent hnt ?
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, a new^frrh
cure, wtach m the past year halT £™ h
approval of thousands ofTatarrhsuffe- 6
ers. as well as physicians, because it u
in convenient form to use contlfni J
cocaine or opiate and Is as safe and SfeaT
ant for children as for their eldr>s "
Stuarfs Catarrh Tablets Is i Wholr
*^e combination of Blood Root Gua a"
-4 ■!• Eucalyptol and similar antiseDUcT
Hr.i they cure catarrh and catarrhal Sea&
ness by action upon the blood and
mucous membrane of the nose and throat '
As one physician aptly expresses it-
"You do not have to draw upon the im^'
ination to discover whether you arerat"
ring benefit from Stuart's" Catarrh Tab
lets; improvement and relief are appar-
ent from the first tablet taken."
All druggists sell and recommend them
They cost but fifty cents for full sized
rackage and any catarrh sufferer who
has wasted time and money on sprays
salves and powders, will appreciate to the
tall the merit of Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets.
(Hi* i\H " S sl
FOR XMAS— MAKE A PRESENT THAT
WILL BE HIGHLY APPRECIATED FOR
Many Years to Come,
Mayerle's Snperior Quality Eyeglasses
Are the or.ly ones indorsed by the highest
C 8. Army. Xavy and Government officials.
(U. S. Trademark.)
These Glasses will be* sent by express, with
privilege of trying them before paying any
charges. Prices. $6, $10 and $15. When order-
ing by mall state age, occupation, also wheth-
er glasses are wanted for reading or to see oft.
EOS. E. S. EISCAID, EECBETABT OF STATE.
Ordered by Kail and writes: My Dear Mr.
Slayerle: Tb« pair of eyeglasses you sent me
from a description I gave you, without seeing
or examining eyes, are most excellent— THE
BEST I HAVE EVER HAD, although expert
opticians have examined «yes and made
glasses to order. It is ■wonderful how you
ca-i succeed so well in fitting persons you have
never seen. I feel under great obligation* to
you for the comfort and benefit derived from
your glasses. Tours very truly,
H. R. KIXCAID. Secretary of State, Ore.
FROM CHIEF OF POLICE OFFICE.
It gives rr.e much pleasure to recommend to
the public Mr. George Mayerle of San Fran-
cisco. I have been using glasses the past four
years, and during that time have consulted
several opticians, but not until I consulted Mr.
George Mayerle aad had him fit glasses to my
k«yes -did I set entire satisfaction. - Most re*
I«pectfully, J. H. ANDERSON.
Sergeant of Police, San Francisco.
| FROM GENERAL WM. R. SHAFTER.
Mr. George Mayerle, San Frandeco. . . . .-
Dear Sir: The glasses made by tou received
yesterday. I have never been letter fitted
than with this pair. Very trul/ yours,
WM. R. SHAFTER,
Major General, U. S. A.
Neglected Eyesight Affects the Brain.
GEORGE MAYERLE,
Graduate German Expert Optician.
German Optical Institute,
Also GRADUATE AMERICAN COLLEGE OF
OPHTHALMOLOGY. (Charter Member Ameri-
can Association cf Opticians.)
1011% Market Street, Near 7th,
San Francisco, Cal.
Consultation, Examination and Advice Free.
Open evenlE£» until 9. Telephone, South 572.
GERMAN EYEWATER 50c.
See City Director}' for German Eye Special-
ists sad Graduate Opticians.
CUT THIS OUT.
Frank Fouch was held to answer before
the Superior Court by Judge Fritz yes
terday on the charge of robbery in $2000
bonds. He is accused of robbing William
Turnbull of a gold watch at Fourth and
Stevenson streets on the morning of No
vember 14.
Jj™ZT" IiYooWantTheBejt |
J PPjJiftKDHNBRdS. MAKER?!
1 £ % 3fc-'-C5? CHICAGO.) I
j'i i ; £$M If your dealer does not handle |
I I Ii m% the "GAYROCK BRAND" |
i] Jlf- write us and we will furnish |
M ||l |j| the name of one who does. |
id Write for our large map of the United States y
A 5 B sent free on application. Address Dept. B, p
MINE WORKERS
ARE STIRRING
Recent Rains Supply the
Means to Resume
Operations.
Progress of Developments
Promise to Be Very
Satisfactory. . > .
The last week has been a good one for
the miners of California, and Nevada, in
asmuch as considerable snow and rain
have fallen and the streams are tilling
up. Repairs on mills have been rushed
to get ready for the season's work, and
theie is general activity now all along
the line. Placer claims In the north are
reported to be in good shape for operat
ing. The feature of the time is still the
general prospecting for copper. A large
demand will undoubtedly be made for the
torthcomlng bulletin of the State Min
eralogist for the practical information
which it contains.' The scope of the pub
lication has been already indicated. It
will be out of the State Printing Office
this month. Every copper property in
the State is described and every prospect
is indicated.
Heports are received of large discov
eries of copper in Arizona. A correspond
ent of the Los Angeles Times, writing
from Jerome, makes the following state
ments:
This district has seemed to centralize in the
great United Verde copper mine, which has
made Senator Clark many times a. millionaire.
Two or three years ago miners began to .pros
pect . on adjuLning claims a; well as in the
tSlack Hills, and on Mingus Mountain, two or
three miles from the United Verde works, and
their search tor copper has been maintained by
encouragement from Eastern capital. ; The
theory long entertained that the United Verde
contained about all the really valuable copper
deposits in this region is being disproved re
peatedly, and Senator Clark's protracted legal
struggle for the Iron Mountain and Copper
Chier prospects in the Black Hills, ending in
a compromise in which he retained a hall in
terest, has demonstrated the Senator's con
fidence in the 'new property. Some experts be
lieve that the output from the Verde region
will be so enormous in a few years that the
production of the United Verde mine, the
greatest copper property in the world, will be
but one ol several great contributors to the
general output of the region.
Placers and Ledges.
According to the Yreka Journal, the
trouble between parties concerned in the
copper mine in the Preston Peak section
has been compromised. Late rains have
furnished sufilcient water to operate the
quartz mill of the Yreka gold mine at
Salmon River. There is water enough jn
Humbug Creek for the placer mines.
At Soulsby mine, so says the Tuolumne
Independent, the stamps run at night,
leaving the water power to run the hoist
in the daytime. The water has been
taken out of the old workings of the Sem
inole mine and underground work is pro
gressing. The Union-Democrat reports
that the Tanzy pocket mine near Sonora
has been yielding big bunches of gold
recently, and that the finds of the pres
ent year will net the owners $60,000. The
Stockton Smelting Company .has started
up its furnaces in the old Mason Reduc
tion Works and sulphurets i»f the Black
Oak and Rawhide mines have been
treated-
Stephen Bowers, field assistant to the
State Mineralogist, who has been explor
ing the Slate Range and Spangler Moun
tain . in the vicinity of Borax Lake, re
ports that he examined a large deposit
of iron ore in the Slate Range and ad
joining country, the extent of which was
about one mile in length and one-half
mile wide. The deposit may prove to be
of value when a railroad that has been
already surveyed to pass the spot is con
structed. The pass between the Slate
Rang© and Pilot Knob, which debouches
Into Death Valley, is about 2300 feet
above sea level. Slate Range is about
4o00 feet higher.
A quartz ledge has been discovered by
S. Irvine of Nevada City In Sierra Coun
ty. Fourteen men are employed at the
Ruby mine, near Downievllle, taking out
ore
During the present year the Gwin Mine
Development Company has paid $115,000
in dividends, making J266.000 to date. The
mine is in Calaveras County. Laree
Quantities of old tailings have been
handled by the cyanide plant at Indian
Creek, near Murpnys.
Farmers Find Mines. "
The Mining and Scientific Press calls
attention to a familiar enough phenom
enon In California— the discovery of min
eral wealth in a locality that has long
been worked over without revealing its
hidden stores. The recent discoveries at
Mormon Island and Folsom placers are
referred to by the Press as follows:
t T 1 *^ ricl l £. lacer strike made near Mormon
If land andFoleom, in Sacramento County, is
another illustration of a good mine missed by
the old miners. Mormon Island was a big
placer mining camp in 1&49. In 1S69 the writer
recalls it as given over to the Chinese, who
were reworking the tailing piles of the 1849
miners. Its former brief glory Is not even a
memory to the present generation, and few of
the old miners who worked at Mormon Island
are still alive. The new discovery would ap
pear to be a rediscovery of the old channel of
the American River at this point The- miners
who worked out Mormon Island In the early
days knew nothing of channels. Gold was
where they found It, and when they did not
find It they moved on. Their successors for
years have accepted this ancient verdict of con
demnation. It has remained for farmers to
find the mine the miners missed. The incident
of farmers finding mines has been common
enough in the last twenty years In California
to base expectations for its recurrence. It is
hardly probable that this last discovery will
prove very extensive. It is likely only a rem
nant that, missed In the old mining. Is found
now. But It does not exhaust the possibilities
of the vicinity of Folsom that awat discovery
In strongly calling attention to them, an in
vestigation has been started that may lead to
the opening up to exploitation of a dozen or
more new old mines.
The mining plants in Meadow Lake
District, In Nevada County, will use
petroleum for fuel, which will be hauled
in wagrons from Truckee.
A- L. Johnson and E. S. Hadley of Sac
ramento, who bought a mine for a gold
property between Greenwood and George
town, in El Dorado County, have devel
oped a three-foot asbestos ledge, twenty
inches of it being fiber and the remainder
asbestos rock.
Twenty-eigrht men are now employed in
the old Wedekind mine in Nevada, now
known as the Reno Star. The property is
near Reno and was recently described in
this paper. The 100-foot level is being ad
vanced and the main shaft is down 140
feet Nine men are working at the Eng
lish mill, near Wedekind, getting the
plant in condition to develop 100 horse-
THE SAjS t FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1901.
AUTOLIGHT WINS FROM EONIC
IN A HAIR-RAISING FINISH
Qrayf:ld Captures the Burlingame Stake, Superbly
Ridden by Buchanan=- Favorites Do Well.
v|— s^ROM a spectacular point of view
1.,,^ the finish between^ Autolight .'and
| j '^ Eonic in the free* handicap over
Ji seven if urlongs at Oakland yester-
day must take precedence " over
the stake event in which Greyfeld was re
turned the winner.
Winnie O' Conner tossed the leg over
Autolight, .while Willie Buchanan piloted
the 100-pounder Eonic, the 9 to 10 favorite.
Down near ( the three-sixteenths pole Auto
light was bumped and nearly turned
around by Galanthus. Nothing daunted,
O'Connor went to work on the brown
horse and, later on bringing Buchanan to
a drive, was given the verdict in a finish
that se.nt the big- crowd present into a
wild state of enthusiasm. Many thought
Eonic had Tvon, so closely aligned did the
two'horses cross the wire, while twice as
many others were equally conndent Auto
light was the winner. When the numbers
were displayed, with Autolight first, It
■was greeted with tremendous applause.
Little Johnny Daly rode Galanthus and
no doubt the oumping was purely uninten
tional. The matter will be taken up by
the track officials, and quite likely a mild
fine will be imposed on the offending
jockey.
As on all previous occasions when a
course is in a heavy condition, there is
bound, to be more or less jostling, which
is unavoidable because of horses tiring.
Form was well upheld, four favorites, a
second and a third choice winning laurels.
Things seem to be breaking better for
"Bob" Smith after a long siege of ill
luck. He sent Grayfeld to the post in the
Burlingame selling stake at one mile and
a sixteenth, worth $12UO to the winner, and
.under Willie Buchanan's clever riding
the chestnut was returned winner. P.
Ryan's Obia at first had the call, but re
'ceded to 5 to 2, and J. Daly handled ths
mare about as well as a Chinaman can
throw a curved ball. Bernota cut out the
running for Grayfeld almost to the pad
dock. Then Buchanan crossed the
channel, scoring by more than a
length. If Hoar on Hortbn had not
grown over anxious way down the stretch
and drawn his whip the prize might have
been his. As it was Horton ran a dan
gerously close third.
P. Ryan's Plohn hooked up with a clus
ter of cheap ones in the opening mile run.
After six furlongs had been covered it
looked as if Lost Girl might land, but
the favorite stood for some vigorous urg
ing on O'Connor's part, winning easily at
the wire. Lost Girl at 20 beat First'Khot
for the place.
The St. Carlo youngster Hainault closed
equal favorite with Commissioner Forster
for the two-year-old sprint, and won all
the way. The Commissioner tired badly
the last furlong, losing the place to Dr.
Scharff. The latter was away badly and
ran a smashing good race.
Three fast ones in Meehanus, Frank
Bell and Hilee met in the five and a
half furlong scramble, and opinion was
about evenly divided as to the outcome.
Hilee finally closed favorite, but showed
no inclination to extend himself in the
going. Frank Bell could not lose Mee
hanus any part of it, and Caesar Young' <»
horse actually rolled in first, at the close.
Bell was sec-jnd.
jd^ii was istrfjna.
Bullman put up a highly polished ride
on old Wyoming in the last number, a
six-furlong run, nipping the decision by a
neck from Flamero. Heina de Cuba set
a sizzling: hot clip to the stretch, but
could not carry it to the wire. Rollick,
the second choice, finished a close third.
Track Notes.
Buchanan, who rode Landseer in the
second event, was fined $25 by Starter
Holtman.
Most of what is termed the "educated
money" went into the books on Frank
Bell. Meehanus seemed a better horse
than in any of his previous starts. - r-
Winnie C^Connor piloted two winners.
He certainly deserved v the reception he
received for his persevering effort tan Au
tolight, when it looked as if all hope of
success had flown.
Galanthus and John McGurk were all
power. Fourteen claims have been
bought by Salt Lake parties near Battle
Mountain. Bamberger Brothers have
purchased ten claims .in the same locality.
Platinum in Shasta.
The Redding Searchlight has the fol
lowing:
The value of platinum is beginning to be
appreciated by the miners of Shasta County.
There Is a brisk demand for the metal, which
commands a price of about $22 50 an ounce. A
great many of the miners have heretofore paid
no attention to this metal and have allowed
it to go to waste, being unacquainted with its
appearance and knowing nothing of the value
of it.
An aged German who Is engaged In mining
between Shasta and Keswlck was in town
Tuetday morning and shipped to the United
States Mint at San Francisco by express ten
ounces of the precious metal.
He Eald that he had been working his claim
for some time and had allowed the strange
metal to pa«s without particular attention, un
til -while at work one day a Swede approached
him and asked him why he did not save it
He replied that It was of no value, when the
Swede explained to him that it was more valu
able than gold. The miner immediately began
saving the metal and his first shipment of ten
ounces is expected to net htm the handsome
eum of 1 ?230.
The miner represents that he has a claim
which will yield large quantities of the valu
able stuff.
There have been some recent changes in
owners of mining properties in Southern
Oregon. The Victory mine on Soldier
Creek has become the property of Chi
cago and Tacoma parties. Placers at
Foot Creek have been transferred to a
Seattle syndicate. The Tip Top mine on
Williams Creek has been purchased by
A. C. Merrill of Tacoma and George St
John.
The Western Mining World, published
at Butte, Montana, says:
According to John Stanton, copper statistician
for the associated producers the production of
copper in the United States for October reached
a total of 24,098 long tons. This shows an in
crease for the first time in several months
being a gain of 753 tons. Of this gain 653 tons
were made by reporting companies and 200
came from outside sources— the small mines
and from custom smelters as a by-product
This grain, which might have not been 'ex
pected, had full credence been given to cur
rent rumors of closed works and idle mines
changed the gmall decrease shown at the end
of September to a small increase over last
year's output. The actual gain for the ten
months was 237 tons, or 0.1 per cent" the
total for this year being 223,724 tons. That is
the production this year has been for teii
months practically the same as in 1900 and
there Is every probability that the full year
will show much the same result as the period
already passed.
An explanation of the plans for the re
opening of the Tombstone mines has been
given by Edward C. Xenney. who repre
sents the American Finance and Trust
Company, which is financing the Ameri
can Development Company of Arizona
Kenney says that E. B. Gage, since the
mines were flooded, has been securing
options and the syndicate now has con
trol "of sixty-eight mines in a group. The
plan is to operate them all from the
Grand Central. The shaft has been wid
ened until it is now 10x24 feet. It is pro
posed to put in pumps every twenty-four
feet to control the water. The ore of all
the mines will be taken out through one
shaft by meana of tunnels and electric
cars.
Women Neighbors Quarrel.
Mrs. Mary Dillon, 18 Georges ■ street,
Potrero, was the complaining witness in
Judge Fritz's court yesterday against Mrs.
Mary Dalton, her neighbor, on a charge
of disturbing the peace. She testified that
on Friday Mrs. Dalton used vulgar lan
guage to her children and she remon
strated with her. A few minutes later,
■while she was in her kitchen, Mrs. Dal
ton attacked the house with an ax and
the force of the first blow knocked down
the stovepipe. The Judge convicted Mrs
Dalton, but reserved sentence for a week
to see how she would behave herself.
To Test the Game Law.
When the case of L. Leon, poultry
dealer, California Market, charged with
violating the game law by having more
than fifty, wild ducks in his possession on
one day, was called In Judge Mogan's
court yesterday his attorney Intimated
that he would . test the constitutionality
of the law. By consent the caBe was con
tinued till December 1L
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
,OAJJLl^AjyD^RAj3TR^^
'2044. FIRST RACE-One mile; Belling; three-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
1~ ' ■ ! ' i ~ j '■ Betting.
Index. Horse, Age, Wt. St. tf. y.. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
2919 Plohn, 4 109 4 In2h 24 11 P. Ryan O'Connor 7-10 2-5
2915 I.*)st Girl, a 109 6 3n 13 1 >£ 2 10 K. Q. McConnell Hoar -8 20
2933 First Shot, 4 109 2 2n4h 3h 34 P. J Moore & Co J. Woods 3 6
2S92 Ringmaster, a 103 5 8' A -.7 1 4 2 4 3 O. Appleby Burlingame 10 24
290S Alas, 4 .109 2 41 8 5255 H. C. Ahlers & Co... Stuart 10 40
2897 Helen Smith, 3 103 7 5131 63 66 J. Conway L. Daly 10 30
2918 Romany. 5 109 1 62 5% 7 575 Liberty Stable J. Daly 8 20
2100 Sidelong. 5 Ill 8 7% 6 1 8. 8 W. McGulre. Bullman 8 12
Time— %, :27>/4; Vi. :55; %, 1:21%; mile, 1:50%. Good start. "Won eabily. • Second and third
driving. Winner, P. Ryan's br. g. "by Strathmore-Kelp. It took some hard urging on
O'Connor's part to set Plohn up, and when collared Lost Girl "passed ■ the buck." First
Shot did not like the traveling. Helen Smith showed a trace of speed. Romany requires
strong, riding:. . >
aO4g. SECOND RACB-Futurlty course; selling; two-year-olds; value to first, |325. '
I j ' ~. I Bettlnf.
Index. Horse and Weight. St. %. - %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. ' Op. Cl. '
2910 Hainault 115 2 1% 16 15 110 E. Lanigan Hoar 2 6-2
25)29 Dr. Scharff 118 7 7 2 2 2 4 2 2 J. W. O'Neal & Co..Mounce 9
2910 Com. Forster 118 4 2 1 3 2 3 3 3 2 J. W. Schorr.. -....J. Woods 4 8-2
2837 Royalty 115 1 4 h 43 45 4 10 W. B. Sink Jr Bullman 6 9
.... Landseer 115 5 5 h 7 54 5 12 Ezell & Lazarus. .Buchanan . 5 5
2916 Mr. Timberlake....ll5 6 6 3 i< 6.3 7 6 15 D. A. Honig t,. Daly 20 60
(2934) Nonie 115 33156 62 7 M. Kane Spencerj 4_13^3
Time— To %, :23tt; to %, -.47%; last %, '1:04; short %, 1:15. Good start. Won easily. Second
and third driving. Winner, E. Lanigan's br. g. by. St. Carlo-Libbertlflibbet. Hainault is im
. proving right along. Dr. Scharff away badly. Commissioner Forster did his best. Landseer
away poorly. Nonle had early speed. Scratched— Montoya 118, Evander 115. N
2O4G. THIRD RACE— Five and a h^r^riongTr^hreT-yeai^oias^and np;~^alue~toHnrBtr732T
_ „ _ . Betting.
Index. Horse, \ Age, Wt. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
(2S94) Meehanus. 5 ..120 3 2n 2 1 2 6 14 Caesar Young- J. Woods 6-5 2
: 2323 Frank Bell. 5 117 2 11 1 % 1 % 2 10 J. W. O'Neal & Co..Mounce 6-2 9-5
2894 Hilee, 6 , 110 138 3 8 3 10 3 25 W. W. Elliott O'Connor 7-5 3-2
.... [Nellie Holton, 5....U0I 4 4 4 4 4 iDlckey & Llnder..A. Kellyl 100 200
Time— 3-16, :20; U. :24; %, :50%; 6%f, 1:1054. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driv
ing. Winner. Caesar Young's ch. h. by Golden Garter-Fedalma. Meehanus could have
run over Frank Bell any part of It. Htlee, It is said, did not like the goin*. Nellia Holton
a stranger.
2047. FOURTH RACE— 1 1-16 miles; Burlingame selling stakes; 3-year-olds and up; $1200.
I Betting.
Index. Horse. Age, Wt. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
(2927) Greyfeld, 5 104 5 3 3 3 3 1% 1 1% R. A. Smith..... '.Buchanan 11-S US
2984 Bernota, 3 ...-. 87 1 2% -1.4 2% 2% Burns & WaterhOuse.Winsl 5 8
(2912) Horton, 5 98 4 42.4333 34 J. McGovern Hoar 4 6
(2917) Obia, 2 .....96 2 1 V4 .2 1 4 1 41 P. Ryan J. Daly 8-5 5-2
2930 Bedeck. 3 93 3 6.6 55 5 10 J. Gardner ...Jackson 4 18-5
2912 Rio Shannon. 4 98 6 5 1 5 % 6 6 J. Coffey Fauntleroy 6 20
Time— 1-16." :07; %. :24%; %, :51U; %. 1:17%; m, 1:45%; 1 l-16m, 1:52. Good start. Won first
three driving. Winner. R. A. Smith's ch. h. by Azra-Anadem. Greyfeld received a brainy
ride, swerving toward the rail and bothering Bernota near the close. Latter was Interfered
with first part. Horton might have won had Hoar not drawn his whip too soon. Daly on
Obia found all the bad footing in sight. Bedeck is etale. Scratched— Imperious 95, Wyom
ing 95. '.
2O4S. FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; Free handicap; three-year-olds; value to first, $425.
I - . . Betting.
Index.| Horse and Weight. St. %. . ft. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
2904 Autolight 120 2 24 3n 2% Ins G. B. Morris ....O'Connor 2 3
(2930) Eonic 100 1 11\ ln,l% 2 10 Caesar Young ...Buchanan 1 9-10
2930 Galanthus 100 3 3}J 2 2 ■ 3 1 3 2 J. Coffey .....J. Daly 6 ■ 5
28S3 John McGurk .90 4 4 -.4 4 4 Dr. H. E. Rowell.. Jackson 8 20
Time— %, :14; M, :26%; %, :51; %, 1:18; %, 1:32. Poor start. Won first three driving. Win
ner, G. B. Morris' br. c. by Autocrat-Silver Light. Autolight much the best. Galanthua
bumped and almost turned him around near the three-sixteenths pole. McGurk and Ga
' lanthus away badly. . ■ \
2O4O. SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
I I " ~~ Betting.
Inder. Horse, Age, Wt. St. %. %. Str. FIn._ Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
(2931) Wyoming, a 109 3 5 4 8 4 10 1 n J. G. Brown & Co. Bullman 8-5 11-S
(2933) Flamero, 5 ........109 5 31 24 24 2%D. Cameron O'Connor 3 14-6
(2928) Rollick. 3 # 104 2 21 3% 3 3 32 Burns & Waterhouse. Woods — S-5 6-2
2928 Reina de Cuba, 5.. 109 114 14 1 1,4 4 15 E. J. Baldwin & Co... Hoar 6 6
2937 llnvlctus. 3 104| 4 4 15 5 5 Ijames Wilson. ..Fauntleroyl 5 7
Time— M, :25%; %. :50%; %. 1:18M. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, >J. O.
Brown & Co.'s b. g. by Pardee-Caprice. Wyoming came from behind and was best. Fla
mero was . hard ridden. Rollick did his beat. Cuba had more speed than usual. Invlctus
ran badly. - ■ • •
tangled up at the start of the free handi
cap. The former ran a creditable race.
Sixteen books again cut in.
A. B. Spreckels was numbered among
the visitors at the track.
Hainault is one of the most promising
two-year-olds at Oakland. Possessed of
all sorts of speed, ills race shows that he
—— ° OPEN EVENINGS y o
if M STERLING FURNITURE TO?
1 vi / r/It Why not give a lasting, substantial gift this Christmas? I I u
1 ' Y^. Jl\ Furniture for instance. ■ j I 9
I £y \ Think how long it will keep the giver's memory green! • • . j I | f§
1 N^^^^£/^ 1 So many people think furniture is too expensive for a Christmas gift _^— 3«5P?4 L .»*r>
_ B gL _Jg__ They don't know how little it reallv does cost. I nWT
«j^,niipM™n,. 'J_" '"ippfjwK*^^ And then your credit is good at the Sterling. You can pay for it out of ' • \ \\\\\\\1 a HI I
3 ~^ ' 'ygffiUmiiiuuaiHMiimijiiuuiitMiiiitimiijoi^iiu vilUUW^ HnlL
For a daintie ladie. SI J* S'^^^^^ti^ ftocker $3.00
Know a lady who'd like a pretty j£§|f«ilS fc-i ~ % T *^*- rtfS COBBLER SEAT. A BIT OF
S?ve ca &ffiJKiff'of ol^g£ urea m^-i^^^ mahogan][zeS E birc A i? OR
BIRD'S EYE MAPLE $10.50' . . • . _. • Arm* are broaB backs art a
ffSSSlia . All wnrvl <mvni7i Rime s £8iS5*£i£? am
iuxns&ss a^issis •**ii wool kMnyrlla luigs rc*^ <**** g^
the best French plate. . ■* *^ EvcrV TOCk a thOVfiht Ol VOV.
The wide curved drawer is lined 26 inches Wide iM F"l/V 30 Inches Wide d«4 PJr» .
with bird's eye maple in every one. ( •"! . ~ 7 X| "%lJ V* u. v , SI V S We show over .300 sample rock-
S3 DO#N dl n A C WEEK y! lP YOU . " . . S6 "^ *"* •P 1^ . 60 *«*» lon * •?!• « •> ers and we're pretty sure we can
CHOOSE. These rugs'are made by Bromley & Sons, and are usually soW at $2. S o and suit you ~ m rockcr ' and m pnce -
5 Q $2.75 respectively. . . • £ c
€9 Mother would like one or two. of them, and only two weeks till Christmas. ' ##
SS A c«i A «f Tf» rP /v A ir. Don't suppose we have enough for everybody who will want one. so we A c •_ . w»«.*««lre 5$
oo A Sale of nassocKs Uni not accept man orders. - I A Sale of nassocKs oo
99 Made up in Tapestry and ~" " Made vp m Administers qo
!• ■**»* Can yov think of anything your wife would md?elTetI ••
II 50c appreciate more than a Richmond Range. DpC g»
i °* — — a o — — t^ — — : — — — — o o — — : — — — !£.
ilii IHPil Another Gilt Hint ' **0k Solid fi^Wf
r *\ ' Lamp ,. . _ f . • • Mm • . -. -x^W^M- <
M$m vfc-pEwe. Palm, Tabouret "W%Mm^ ftnW P J^r^i
L-r •# J Prices are right - ' m ' *fl1W/<Wt\S^ ■ \SCI1Y. .- -.^^--^^ ,
and we've hun- 9tit#l l9iMf1mTAMA ' ' m - I' I '
dreds for you to - ' tUtU JarUlllICrC W > xjj. , m
*sgjtt*V choose . from. .. , m~ -' II 71 11 . ' : " eC*"
f*^uF\ ¥ i1.~ HP1-* THE PALM shown In picture Is a five- 11 till i%i
USfcfSgJ LIKC IJtllS leaf dwarf Sabal and sells for Jl 50. Of i§333?- "•' ' >: '
>4J^ *J***%' aaaawi course we have lower priced ones as low (MY/MrS 5 ! - ■■ '•'*- TV I>- - •
20 Inches in height. an 60c. . . , .. WaLWkyjf-: • • • Lift f* wC ■' *- • > '
J™%K Rochester burner. . They are preserved by a chemical pro- ■-J53flEKilL_ " JKiAVI\
removable oil tank cess and have the grace and beauty . of (^vT<?SijSSe£>v "
tjgg^i&SSg]^, 9-inch decorated the living palm. ((in ma
555^' Doty^ t f°the lt l C a h mD e THE JARDINIERES are 8 Inches In gTwT O.l llJ
. Doayoi tne lamp, y diameter and In half a dozen shapes and MM ft\\" •-? ~ 4»t/»fc/V . W . U:/*- '
.. ■ .'J' ' :/ - \xflli 1 twice as many colors.......... £K^%c : " jthtttthIih ' -• • ' '"
ijffl *p£*UVT .: v DDC - ... I ~- : &i 20 inches wide. . ■ - J -
bis : THE TA-ROTJRET is of golden oak, S (f '• " "p^J " f? p ' n *« high. , -^ .-^JV-l^.-.y
*SJ —..■«•■• quarter sawed and polished. 1 Picture ■" UR Vn -• ■ w~£? Plate Cr~— — -Xs/i
i y& Dorloct 91 1 show ? the shape, but they're prettier than /ft Y ft £?,>£■ Jir°- U F lw— ~~T^g
nffl ' JrCUCMul the picture would lead you Sl.OO' // 1 - * Such a wcrld / F^ ~^T^
/ • !W *P^X»ffc/ J • -^ . - . ■,':■. '"<J* - choosing. Name /. 't n
% tf» For a lamp or w ' — ■ * . your price and / I
fcW statuette or vase— (T^^h . - 1 • "n ■'■•♦♦ • f\ "' •*■•"*.' we'll find a hall- if / S
$9 or a present at Xkl f\"Wt 1TT% it. H* \ *•*% Vi HI TH> f\ a /\ rack to fit It, i - I
JL: asa Vo olCrilllfl -I; vrnilUrC . UO. I srsr . sac I U^ -■ !
/ «*^C^~«*i>- r \ or eolden oak, pol- \' '•-■.■ ' ' ' ' est affair or -a- J3 !-., IJ.—^. ►>< a
s d he c d oiu 4 m n n? htwlst - " 1039 MarKct SL, Opposite McAllister. o^riuUfeTo^^^^^M
36 inches in oo©o0©eooooe©oeeooooo©«©ooo©©oooooo®©coeco0o the mansion. l|gp§Sg^gj
I OPEN EVENINGS 4- •
can come from behind. s
Bedeck runs as if stale and a rest ! would
do him good.
If Eonic had won the combination box
would likely have been turned into a
lemonade stand. Bill Langford gave vent
to a sigh of relief after the number had
been displayed. '
COOPER MAKES
A NEW DEFENSE
Raises Important Point
in N the Perjury
Case.
Alleges That the Grand
Jurors Were Illegally
Drawn.
When "Sir" Harry Westwood Cooper,
alias Ernest Moore Chadwick, appeared
before Judge Cook yesterday to plead to
the charge of perjury against him com
mitted during his trial for forgery in
Judge Lawlor's court. Attorney Murphy
made a motion to dismiss the indictment
of the Grand Jury, . raising an important
point on behalf of the defendant.
He claimed that the Grand Jury that
found the indictment had been illegally
drawn by Judge Dunne on June 3 last.
The statute provided that not more than
thirty names should be drawn from the
box and not less than twenty-live, but.
Murphy .contends, Judgi Dunne instruct
ed County Clerk Deane, wnile selecting
the grand Jurors, to draw all of the luo
names from the box. The Judge then
marked them off ' on a list of the names
as they were called out by the County
Clerk. This procedure has been declared
illegal by the Supreme Court. Murphy
contended, therefore, that as the Grand
Jury had been illegally selected it had no
power to return the indictment against
the defendant.
Chief Deputy Goddard was called and
testified as to the mode adopted ia select
ing the 100 names for grand jurors and
County Clerk Deane testified that he had
been instructed by Judge Dunne to break
the seal of the box and remove all the
slips, the Judge checking off the names
as he called them out.- The Judge then
selected the nineteen grand jurors. It
was ' done in open court and by instruc
tion of the Judge. •
The point raised took the District At
torney by surprise and by consent the
further argument on the motion to dis
miss was continued till Tuesday to give
the District Attorney an opportunity to
look carefully into the matter.
Attorney Murphy was successful in car
rying his motion to dismiss the previous
indictment . against Cooper for perjury
committed at the first trial ,of the for
gery charge before Judge Cook, and he
believes he will be equally successful in
the case at bar.
Christmas Holidays in Mexico.
Southern Pacific special train leaves
San Francisco December 18, Los Angeles
December 19. reaching Mexico in time for
the holiday celebrations. Round trip San
Francisco, $80; Los Angeles, tfD. Person
ally conducted. Dining car. Pullman
sleepers. Limit 60 days. Lowr side trip
rates. Optional itineraries. Make reser
vations 613 Market street, Saft Francisco,
281 South Spring street. Los Angeles.
Chinatown Squad's Good Work.
Sergeant M. J. Conboy of the Chinatown
squad filed his quarterly report with Chief
Wlttman yesterday and was congratu
lated by the Chief for the good work
done. The number of arrests made dur
ing the quarter was 1000 and 654 were con
victed and paid fines, 162 convicted and
confined, 19 convicted and appealed, 128
dismissed and 39 pending. The total fines
and forfeitures amounted to 55670. - For
the month ending December 6, the total
arrests were 329, of. which 240 were con
victed and r>aid fines, 40 convicted and
confined, 1 convicted and appealed, 41 dis
missals and 7 pending. 'The total fines
and forfeitures amounted to $2105. -
Practitioners Under Arrest.
The nine warrants for the arrest of H.
M. Park, J. H. Josselyn and R. S. Mac
beth and six Chinese for practicing medi-
A T> V P. R.T I M KTVTRTTTS. _ _
BEWARE OF
COUGBSandeATARRB
AT THIS SEASON OF THE YEAR. ■ '.
How to Prevent and Cure
. * Them.
■ \\.
.
People who are subject to coughs or
suffering from catarrh even in Its mild-
est forms should protect themselyes
against catching cold now, for more cases
of .consumption ars contracted in October
and November than at any other tlma
during the year. Just at this season ths .
sputa of consumptives expectorated In the
streets of every city and town during tho
summer has become . thoroughly dried
and, teeming with germs of the disease,
is taken up Into the air by the fall winds
and inhaled by every living person.
If the air passages are in a healthy con-
dition there ia no danger, but let . them
become inflamed by coughs and catarrh*
then these germs find lodgment on the in-
flamed surfaces, multiply with astonish-
ing rapidity and the disease consumption
is contracted. ' .
Heretofore the public as well as tha
medical profession have been at a loss to
prevent this terrible disease, but now that
Government statistics and health reports
have shown there is a way. and only
one. every person who contracts the dis-
ease has only himself to blame forth*
consequences.
It has now been settled beyond all dis-
pute that the new Dry-Air Germicide
HYOMEI will cure consumption, and
that coughs, catarrh, bronchitis and other
diseases of the respiratory organs cannot
exist where it Is used. HYOMEI protects
and cures by destroying the germs which
cause the disease, and which cannot be
reached by stomach medicines. Every
weak lunged or catarrh affected person
should use It dally.
' HYOMEI is sold by all druggists or
sent by mall for the following prices:
HYOMEI Outfits complete, ILOO; Trial
Outfits, 25c: HYOMEI Balm. 23c. Send
for a free sample and our book on re-*
spiratory diseases. It may save your life*
The E. T. Booth Co., Ithaca. 17. Y.
DEINHARD&CO.
Coblenz on the Rhine
Purveyors to H.M.THE EMPEROR OF GERMANY
SELECTED
Rhine and Moselle Wines
WM.WOLFF&GQ.
216-218 Mission St., San Francisco, Cat
X=»aoiflo Co««t < A.8cent»
cine without being regularly registered
practitioners were served by Detectir*
Dillon yesterday. All the defendants wei«
released on ball.
'Passes Fictitious Cheeks.
D. A. Huntemann, butcher, 421 Turk,
street, swore to a complaint In Judge
Mogan's court yesterday for th» arrest of
H. H. Hansen on the charge of passing
a factitious check for V 60. Hansen told
Huntemann that he was president of the
Pacific Cigar Company. The police have
been notified that Hansen has been pass
ing checks upon other storekeepers.
3132
[ . ''T i 1 . 1 1^." 1 "! M / ' y 7 ***! ° ' ■ ' 'A *jy. f '1 1 fm 1 ftjP' 1 "! ''fi 1 ' 1 .1 f 't . ■ ' P J ' W f . i J . fj| , "1 if ,'JUJL JtJt.y' - Wonderland has proved itself a /TV/7"~\
1 1 ' -■■"'■""•■■ -•; "~' ■• •-■■-■•.>■..-.■.■■.>--.-' to- Suppose you come and see it. /^^^^fii-'lltl'lJIJ^^M a\" • ■
<&%& 5^) see pictured opposite is fM?$&, teeming over with bright ideas in men's WM; ti&s fflffll
jQ\ t* \ Strathmore - S/m^lk pCer c \- \1 Mhi>^
/v I JU \ "I* UllllllUl Vj { miMf^J^^sx per for ' ' (//// *f \\ mA/Y> / / fjh
fe^l I A' Gra V t Shade ' The real ' \ jllft W^ (W have'^the ■W's^VWW* ' r ff
W^l I ?\ fashionable chapi are j ' la 'SSfw.-rfSl \jm proper, ca- fll'lili I^i'Ul/'/A 1 V V.
\>.' . wearing Long Coats • 'SI [ MU W - '' •■ vW-Fi ift /* ■
\f% tj Lih* The Strathm^ llB. h^k^J^ j
jS&L p It hasn't its equal in I \ \M • 'W^S^f'^flV Th °se T* -9 - a
>■ m \.%z££'£.Ve ; i wjp»fc/ !i s r That s the ;
R ' •***»*«*■ . . ' "IMSi W •■ssr-™ Smart Hat
Ir^ • The ' UU l\\ I ' the swell ■■«>
S * Ilw. OU ctLlllIlUI w I . Aa ** ■ I - ' ;a~~ ~~a v«..mi !•— • , .<"■ . ,
* I j ; • m \ Wi I i ' ldea and You " notice it on the head of every
| I COSTS YOU* ' '! ■ W fl ||.\ 1 1| I can be had smart dresser in San Francisco, v
> — « ! , .. • I In' ■ U r a \i * only from 'TU r» j u a
i bw— —^rT 4D^^ W* £\ II ■ ' ■*'■ iil vl us; we : ■ He Ko3u Hat
III W m\ -TO *B Hi 1 )■ \' ■■■ I frll \l control the It's a real swell affair in black, raw
J=l^l H Ml V/v^OVJVf / XA" »■".* it VI ml ' i" c: wu f ed S e ' t'g 114 curl, tipped : a little in ■ the
f -^73 M WJ . i iCTrrr^' ,- ', HI | I , Plamcloth front. Just as smart as anything can be.
■YtrtyiA' Sf &&&&■. ' ?'.'.- I II ill' °-j i°"i" J he ■ exclusive hat stores are getting
•'-Htv^L *^^ - '^i^K^ ■ WE U Mi side, plaid $2.50 for this hat.
'"•• J-Sffi&fe >---J- l^'r.'^^.^ ■■ "" Mi -UAUy/ffL,-^ t ->.fm i \J ,-:-JM' l .'Jlg | m ■^l^V^ ' L' . ■ U I ~\\M on the r T In our big and popular hat depart-
i-m'&.'.W _: .vpt \£VW/'XE? r~ r VJ K-^ryr'-H^^^? • = M ffl yerse. and ment at. -^
V Is Our New Suii /or ■ ' ffll/ and t" mrne d in mostr exquisite fashion. . , — . •
Chaps, made just as psffip ' I J Somc of ' these . M . OI \ da y at$4 ' 98 TtU B=H I'
you see it pictured, op- -K 4^—'"- '' « ' jf^*\ ' k '"-"• •'■'■ lllC-llOII™'
posite. It s built on Itnes ' '■ : * ■ F* "Sfa ■ ' ■"-" ■'■"' «
r /^ 0 V^zf f<J<! 7 ;^f ir^smklit^' "' / }M "-. -•■' : House ." EUCaS
I; for the hard Jcncclcs that ni*wffiMr^WK //^>W^vv\ " Rnhf» ' Hf^ %eA ' ■'**^^^«^'
! school chapi their ffi^MPM '^^^^^k\\ ' ffffl ES-Jf; in suspenders. and
suits, in all the dressy ffl ffiMtlMwkl /ARSftW^ made from ftfjfir 7 they're right smart ones
winter coloring greel M Jf|l}//Mi ' iX^M BM * °» "
] ish (ftic'.s, Scotch ef- pMip^hiMSJ^^ l\WT\ )^i^Ivra velour fancy box, suitably in-
; feds and the plain : '■u{lfe'>\!Ut$tfUM&%%W\ I'^sliC cloths. y\>V\ scribed, and the buck-
drcssy blue among ll}W&Mi%r&^\ ■, l^£§iwC?:?J&$ « r J ffl J tf " «i ///S<5& ' l t s and trim , minss °"
thern. The coats ' arj llf]||l!jf/ W^ ! |W fch^^ac^
built with that broad W*4Jils!H!™J j . wQ^^&hf^Smll I with girdle /A K\ • could desire. A pretty
■military shoulder \~ W^M^mM vW^~^^¥r^K 1 1 " at - he , /z$k$& % Ut for any Dne ~ spe "
which impart, such a \ WMWM '*WQW§W I ■ Srf and"' ™>* P "" d =
stunning and smart air \ V t^ySS W&l • , If^XiJ IJj* I I tassel at EZLf\r*
to your littte chap, and \ IW \Mj ' *k90j* A the ne?k OUG
io fit chops between' the \ Kf VM' Jv Ir*l rV H Some rd
ages of / and 15; this \fffli \m I X^>2 f>V/ /// markably -*-<
sy.it hasnt its equal in, IMS Wk ' \ ZYJ \\K \ .smart ones TUf* Qm^rf
[II, tr.wn at $5. Wm fffl ■ liLL . •/ J^f H k r* Monday at ■ ■■" OlIICll L
/- -^=4 The Skulc Chap Svit Costs You \WJ \m ir^m4 fcv^ *J*£ cqqq .. „• „ *»
. ,:.. . st^. •-»*. m m \. B*f iro •■• '■•■• •■•••■••» ' i»; TiV] c, *-^7 — Oil 1 1 1 a a «ri \f 7^1 n m 1^
• '-T^r-- '.'■ vJiT^B /a &-2 ' JM Pi : *'IWr\£ : - Krc/C^ C\ ■ Hv/IIUU J OV»%JI 1^
j ,''''•'.'*"■. . 1 u . .'■■.'. ■.•'VJt •>,. .-1--J ,»■■ ■ ■.,..-■ . . *^** r •f! e j^3 J^'V a w . »''~^* - ~s» ■ once-over wide-
' . SAN FRANCISCO./ ; ; -.^^^ : ' S&^ht.- -!Si ;
. ' . !"' ' ' " -. '•• ' < . you know the
• • ' '. . • . • ■ .. . • .' smart men's fixings are always shown by
-.•-.- •■- •■-,- .- .'- ' i . . . : - us. . These scarfs are especially priced,
M 'That much-admired Lon^ W^^^^W® Open Work
|X a^en° Dergarmentf01 ' gei: ' I^^^^^H"® I 1 ? 8 ? F l f ° r Mef}
)HW The Stroller Juts proved a i : - J '"&l^^^^^^^%I^^Mfe I_M&V *£IV cadet blue and fcwTcoioHngs.
XT distinct triumph with- the :f lXk'
iKW smart drpwrinhnnr +niiin -;-„ :^' i:^W^^^*^AW^SS^ /WSfiU ■ °! im P° rt . ed id eas for men folks. A box
'\BL/ • SmarvareSSerS (WOWttOWn,in mm-^mpM^Wm^mmm / TSSn of these is a very acceptable" gift, espe-
J^, . peer in town at $20. It drapes 'Mftii^^^Si^^^M fflfc v7^) You *,n-t know
VL \ ;,.Vjy. ve^
«l»i. an easy fitting, loose fitting fe®*!;^R#K'H?®f§l?^ wB&\ i*9r/T HraC\ wi " be - and it>s s0
EMf garment, yet hangs upon you iPI«^Pi^S^^«'jU U °P ■SSSd'ILl'oS!
W^ asthmihrrnldedtothe/vrm. mm^^m^^a)E ' U T
■..'.. ,.".'■. '; - • 7 I.. -SAN FRANCISCO.:
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL,; SUNDAY, DECEMBER 8, 190i:
WRECKERS
TURN OPEN
THE SWITCH
California Express Is
Derailed Near the
Salem Depot.
Fireman Fish Loses His Life
and Engineer White Is
Injured.
Second Crime of its Kind Within
Forty-eight Hours Causes Con
sternation in Hailroad *
Circles. i ,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 7.— For the sec
ond time within forty-eight hours • train
wrebkers have sent " an ' Oregon S train
crashing into the ditch. The California
Express on the Southern Pacific, which
left San Francisco yesterday morning and
was due in this city to-night, was
wrecked 600 feet south of the depot at
Salem at 5 o'clock this morning. Fire
man Silas L. Fish of Portland was killed
and Engineer W. : H. White seriously in
jured. • . • •••'
That the disaster, was the work of
wreckers the company employes are con
vinced. An examination of • the track
shows that a -switch was left-half open
and the lock taken away. The engine ran
upon the switch, while' the tender stayed
on the main line. •
Thi3 wreck, following so closely upon
that of yesterday, when obstructions upon
the raHs sent eastbound passenger train
No. 2 on the Oregon Railway and Navi
gation Company line into the ditch near
The Dalles, has caused consternation in.
railway circles. The object of- the wreck
ers is hard to fathom, as it is apparent
that the motive is not robbery. That
they are actuated by a desire for revenge
likewise seems improbable, as they: have
not confined their operations to a single
road. In yesterday's wreck Engineer
Maurice Cavanaugh was killed and -Fire
man Frank Chase injured. > >
"When the California express left the
rails near Salem this morning Engineer
White was caught under the wreckage
and held there an hour before being res
cued, but his Injuries are not considered
fatal. Expect the fireman and engineer,
no one on the train was hurt, notwith
standing the fact that the engine and the
mail, express and baggage cars all went
into the. ditch.
At the scene of the wreck there Is a
trestle about fifteen feet high over Mill
Creek. The engine plunged into the creek,
turning over on its side, and the mail car
piled on top of It. The express and bag
gage cars left the track on the opposite
side from the engine and mall car. The
day c»ach was derailed, but remained up
right The Pullman sleeper and the pri
vate car of Superintendent Fields re
mained on the track.
The train was running about ten miles
an hour at the time. The track was torn
up for more than 100 feet, blocking traffic
for. . several hours. The Albany, local
train, due in Salem at 6:30 o'clock, was
turned back to bring the overland pas
sengers and malls to Portland.
ALONG THE COAST
SPOKANE, -D«c- 7.— Eighteen of- the .twenty
offices of the Spokane i and British Columbia
Telephone Company are to be closed by order
of the court on petition of Receiver Campbell,
who. says they do not pay expenses. This
leaves but two offices open, those in Spokane
and In Republic. ■ -
SAN DIEGO. Dec. 7.— In a runaway accident
this morning Mrs. M. R. Blllmeyer and her In
valid mother. Mrs. Sharp, were thrown from a
carriage. Mrs. Blllmeyer escaped with a few
bruises, but Mrs. Sharp .was seriously Injured.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 7.— James Hall was to
day sentenced to three years' ' imprisonment in
Folsom Penitentiary for robbing a box car of
the Southern Pacific Company.
BAKERSFIELD. Dec. 7.— A. M. Critea of
Keene, father of A. J. Crltes of the Kern Val
ley Bank, sustained a fracture of both- bones
of the right leg: below the keen and a disloca
tion of the knee joint while hitching: a colt to
a wagon to-day. The animal suddenly jumped
forward, knocking Mr. Critea to the ground and
trampling upon his leg.' The injured man Is of
an advanced aze.
MONTEREY. Dec. 7.— The British cruiser
Warspite, flagship of the North Pacific squad
ron, arrived here this morning en route from
Esquimault, B. C, to Coquimbo. The War
spite called here for mail and supplies and will
remain In port until to-morrow afternoon.
WOODLAND,- Dec. 7.— Edwin Matteson, a 17
year-old bov. who says his home is In Sacra
mento. • while trying to board ■ a freight train
near Yolo this morning, slipped and fell. One
leg was mangled, necessitating amputation be
low the knee. His condition Is critical.
.VANCOUVER. B. C, Dec. 7.— Miss Ellen
Perdue, aged 21, is dead in New Westminster,
B. C, from .an overdose of oil of cedar. She
swallowed an ounce, : it is supposed, by mis
take and died soon afterward in creat agony.
" VALLEJO, Dec. 7.— Word was received at the
navy yard to-day that the French cruiser Pro
tet would come from San Francisco on Monday
and so into dock for repairs of an extent to
necessitate her staying here several months. •>
PALO ALTO, Dec. 7.— An effort is being made
by the citizens of Palo Alto to obtain a gift
from Andrew Carnegie to aid In the erection of
a public library building. The movement is led
by the, Woman's Club. , ,
STANFORD t/niveRSITT. Dec. 7.— Dr. B.
W. . Everman of the United States Fish Com
mission will come to Stanford early next spring
to assist President Jordan in the study and
classification . of the collection of fishes gath
ered by the latter in Hawaii last summer.
MAMMOTH DEAL IN
VALDES COPPER CI^AIMS
Purchasing Company Proposes to
Construct Railway Into, In
• - +*>rfnr Alncirn
SEATTLE, Dec. 7.— A transaction, in
volving the proposed j construction and
equipage of a-railway from Valdes to the
interior of the Copper River country and
the transfer of the richest copper proper
ties in the latter, district,' is reported to
have been effected In Chicago. • Portua B.
Wtare, formerly of the North American
Transportation and Trading Company, is
mentioned as president of tne corporation
which is to undertake the mammoth deal
The capitalization of the company is
placed at $9,000,000. The price paid for the
mining properties' was $l,125,u0i>, $35,000
down and the remainder when experts for
the company -return a' favorable judg
ment on the value of the claims.
F. B. Millard, one of the owners of the
claims, together with L. C Dlllman, - a
local proprietor, is credited with the exe
cution of the transfer.
You can't enjoy winter, without a Barler
Oil Heater. -Absolutely odorless. .No
chimneys to break. Nine sizes. Money
back if not satisfactory. Chas. Brown &
Son, 807 Market street, near Fourth. San
Francisco. ■ •
Sustain State Fish Law.
SANTA BARBARA, Dec. 7.— Judge W.
S. Day. Of the Superior Court to-day hand
ed down a decision in the habeas corpus
proceedings of Ah Jim, convicted of and
sentenced for taking abalones under the
size prescribed by the 'State fish laws.
The defense held that abalones were not
fish and that the law restricting the tak
ing Qt fish and abalones was unconstitu
tional, as it embraced two subjects under
one title. Judge Day admitted that the
abalone /was . not, a fish, scientifically
speaking; but hekf that the Leglslatur/
like the courts and the common people'
referred to all animal life in the sea as
nsh, and that on land as game. He con
cluded by denying the writ and remand-
Ing the prisoner to custody. '. .-•■-■■•-•
Trapper's Oil cure» rheumatism and neuralgia.
DrusslBts, 50c flask.- Richard & Co. 4<M Clay. •
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
i ■ ' - ■
Special Holiday
Ladles' Linen Cambric and Sneer Linen Hemstitched
HANDKERCHIEFS, i anl Uncn nem
$1.50, $2.00, $3.00, op to $9.00 Dozen
Ladies 1 Sneer Linen Hand-Embroidered. HANDKER-
CHIEFS, hemstitched, scalloped and lace edges
: /. . 15c, 25c, 50c, op to $5.00 Eacb
Ladles' Linen Camhrlc and Sheer Linen Initialed hand-
kerchiefs, i-inch hem $1.00, $1.50 and $3.00 Box
Half Dozen In a Box.
Ladles' Sneer Linen Demi Laundered Hemstitched and.
Embroidered HANDKERCHIEFS 15c and 25c Eacb
Ladies' Sheer Linen HANDKERCHIEF CENTERS, 9 anl 11
inches, sauare, I and I Inch hem 25c and 40c Eacb
Gents' Linen Cambric, Hemstitched HANDKERCHIEFS,
l y I and 1 Inch hem $2.00, $3.00, op to $9.00 Dozen
Gents' Initialed Linen Cambric HANDKERCHIEFS, Hnch
hem.............. $1.50, $2.40 and $3.00 Box
Half Dozen In a Box.
'Gents' Plain Silk Hemstltchel HANDKERCHIEFS
50c, 75c, $1.00 and $1.25 Eacb
Gents' Initlalel Silk HANDKERCHIEFS
40c, 50c, 75c and $1.00 Eacb
Gents' -Silk REEFERS and MUFFLERS, In White, Black
anl colors. . . . /. .$1.00 op to $2.50 Eacb
Laiies' Real Duchesse Lace HANDKERCHIEFS anl
COLLARS....................... $2.00 to $30.00 Eacb
We haye also receiYel a large shipment or LADIES 1
NECKWEAR, in Llbertu anl Net Ruffs, Silk Stock
Ties and. /Jabots anl;Feather Boas,
OUR. GLOVE .ORDERS MAKE VERY ACCEPTABLE
v - CHRISTMAS GIFTS.
HI, !13, 115. JIT, 119, 121 POST STREET.
WE OWN OUil OWN BUILDING-WE PAY NO RENT.
<&®MkM. K "X Christmas
IjM^^^ \$M } Presents
li^^^^^^l H^Jawl You can buy on time here.
Needn't wait until you have the
B J b % 3 \~ money to spare, but order now
'fl ff *" UfJm^^^^S and we will put it away for you.
SM fesjS^Si Coma before the stock gets low.
" (f I ijl Two acres of ground covered
hfflt ataTFmE- jl • | with fine furniture of every de-
' J^:.' t^*^****^* scriptioi. We furnish every-
nrfcnCHiVm^FORCHRisTMAS thin S from basement to attic
UUUCnAIK?> . ufts. complete, and at such low
The « Vfw"*!? 151 '^ m C ? P rices as to be a constant sur-
your friends that will Rive them as Kreat v #
pleasure as a beautiful piece of furniture. P"se to all our customers.
Free Delivery to Oakland. Alameda and Berkeley. ••
THEJ. NOON AN FURNITURE CO., I nc .
IC 17-1023 Mission Street, above Sixth, Ban Fransiaco.
OPEN EVENINGS UNTIL AFTER THE HOLIDAYS.
G00©00009®000000000e0©
$ REGARDING g
I CHRISTMAS!!
5 WHAT IS O
S - '*% ■ sr.?«'
• Useful, Stylish and Lasting g
s — I
: 3 FEATHER BOAS - $10.00 TO $2100 O
! § NECK RUCHES - - $4.00 TO $7.£0 §
g DRESS SKIRTS - - $5.0) TO $2) 00 g
O SHIRT WAISTS - - $3.00 TO $10.C0 o
% UNDERSKIRTS - - $2.00 TO $10.00 |
I • TAILOR SUITS - - $15.00 T8 $25.00 •
0 e
• . • y. \~ ■ . : ®
| ORDER A SUIT •
g FROM US |
• '"•-■■■'' ■ •
9 — —
1 $25.00 to $50 00 g
• '• '. - \ '■ • •
e ©
| The Black Goods House |
g 1106 Market Si %
oeeoooooeooooooeoeooeS
whips, robes; blankets
rOK JHE HOLIDAYS.
Novel ties— many . ot them hn-
ported— all new — most any price.
STUDEBIKER BHOSfOMPANY
OF CALIFORNIA. ".
Market and Tenth Sts.
Oriental
Rug
Sale . . .
We offer our entire line of
beautiful Oriental Carpets,
Rugs and Curtains at
25 % Discount
from regular prices.
Chas. M. Plum & Co,.,
13QM307 MARKET ST. * £
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
ney, and Bladder. Sells on Its own merttaf^
' ~, NABER, ALFS ft BRUNE, Afenti
ta Market »t. S. F.-<3end forCircuUri.)
DR.MQNULTY.
■nien iiisordf rs. Hook on Diseases of Mm fr««»
Overa>year«>xperieMce.T^rm^awn»abie HoS^'
»to3daily;8:30to8.30ev'K^RundVT^ToSiiC<;nSSi:
toUon freeand s»credly confldentiai: Call or address
••t?i. Ito * COB ™«xm.TY. aa. d.
gO^Kearnyst., Sag Francisco, CaL
BRIISHRR FOR BARBER3. BAK-
UllUUU£lQ«n. bootblacks, bathW
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers. 60S Sacramento s»Pages 33 to 44
CALIFORNIA CHAPTER, ORDER
OF EASTERN STAR, HOLDS
ITS INSTALLATION IN PUBLIC
Instructs Officers in Their Duties With Impressive
Ceremony and Presents Rich Jewel to the
> Retiring Matron.
j*^ OMMANDERT HALL, was crowd
// ed to Its limit last evening, the
vL_^ occasion being the public instal
\^^ lation of the new officers of Cali-
fornia Cliapter of the Order of
the Eastern Star. There were an unusual
number of members of the order present,
for It had been whispered around that the
retiring matron was to be presented with
the richest Jewel that was ever made in
this State for one who had held that
office. There were present many friends
cf the members, anxious to witness the
ceremony of charging the officers as to
their duties and Inducting them Into their
several offices.
The hall was decorated with evergreens,
while at each of the several stations
there was a profusion of sweet smelling
fiowers, and above all shone the Templar
cross In the east, flanked with large
American flags. The paraphernalia Is the
most elaborate and beautiful of any in
this jurisdiction. It consists of an Illu
minated altar resting on the central star
with Its five points; at which were chairs
of burnished gold covered with heavy
Eilk. Each chair bore in embroidery the
particular emblem off the five officers.
Adah, Ruth, Queen Esther, Martha and
Electa. who occupy them.
To the right of each of these was a
nandsome marble-white pillar, surmount
ed with a crystal bowl filled with fiowers
of the color cf the points of the star—
blue, yellow, white, green and red. Each
pillar was capped with a different capi
tal, nve styles of architecture being rep
resented. Each has a deep symbolical
ElgniScanee in Masonry.
Officers Enter the Hall.
In the east sat the installing officer
who was the outgoing matron, Mrs Liz^
zie Tonningsen. who filled that position
for eighteen months; 'Worthy Grand Ma
tron Mre. Clara Abbott Giberson. Past
Most Worthy Grand Matron of the
BRAVE OFFICER
HOME FROM WAR
Captain Hazzard, Who
i Aided in Aguinaldo's
Capture, Arrives.
Captain Hazzard, U. S. A., was among
the arrivals from Manila yesterday. . He
registered at the Occidental. The distin
guished officer won fame through his
bravery in the Philippines. He was one
of the party of five Americans that cap
tured Aguinaldo, near Palanan.
The party ■was composed -of General
Funston, his aid, Lieutenant Kltchell;
Captain Hazzard, Lieutenant Hazzard
and Captain Newton. Seventy-eight
Macabebes, enemies of the Tagalogs, were
£ilso chosen by Funston to form the body
of the command. The Macabebes were
mted out In castoff insurgent uniforms
and the Americans donned field-worn uni
forms cf privates. Three days' rations
were provided and each man was given a
rifle. The Vicksburg was chosen to take
the daring: command to the East Coast,
near Palanan. Arriving at Casigman, the
party was landed. Three Macabebes who
tpoke Tagalog fluently were sent into t5e
tov.n to notify the natives that they
a T'ere bringing additional forces .and im-
American prisoners. • Over 'the
atony passes and through dense jungles
ttie adventurers tramped. When only
eight miles from Agulnaldo's rendezvous
their provisions gave out and they were
too weak from exhaustion to move
A messenger was sent forward to Agui
naldo begging for food. The rebel chief
tain promptly replied by dispatching rice
United States Mrs. Mary Flint, Grand
Secretary Mrs. Kate J. Willats and a
number of other grand oflScers, matrons,
patrons and past officers.' The scene as
the new officers were marshaled into the
hall by Minnie G. Stebbins and ranged in
position around the altar to take the ob
ligation was a very pretty one. After the
obligation, the answering of questions by
the worthy matron-elect as to her fealty
to the order and the offering of a prayer
by J. George Leibold, chaplain, the offi
cers were charged as to their specific du
ties In a very impressive manner. The
officers who were so charged are:
Bertha Warner Stark, worthy matron:
Phineas Fanning Ferguson, worthy patron;
Mary Wittman. associate matron; Isadora Hor
ton. secretary ; Marguerite Wltroer. treasurer;
Cecelia. Harmon, conductress; Jane McLaugh
lla, associate conductor; Julia A. Haste, chap-
and a letter commanding the officer of
the party to treat the Americans well,
but to leave them outside the town. They
all marched into the town and presented
themselves to Aguinaldo, who cane out
on the porch of his house to see. them.
The spokesman so completely hoodwinked
Aguinaldo that he did not suspect the
ruse. In the meantime the Macabebes.
directed by Funston. maneuvered until
they secured favorable points of vantage.
At a given signal the- entire party
emptied their rifles into Aguinaldo's body
guard. Aguinaldo and his staff retired
into the Interior of his house. A native
rushed into the house and grabbed Agui
naldo round the waist and he was cap
tured.
PULLS GTJKT AFTEB HIM
AND IS BADLY WOUNDED
E. R. Gould Meels With. Painful Ac
cident In Marshes Near San
Rafael.
E. R. Gould, a carpenter living at 5 Myr
tle avenue, and employed by Fred J. Fern
hoff. 430 O'Farrell street, met with a pain
ful accident yesterday afternoon while
hunting In the marshes near the brick
yards near San Rafael. In company with
"D09" Lopp, a friend, Gould left home on
Friday afternoon for a few days' hunting.
Early yesterday morning: they started out
in a boat and when. they were returning
the accident occurred.
Gould thought he had discharged the
shells In his gun, and, grabbing it by the
muzzle, pulled it after him. One of the
triggers caught In the seat and the load
of shot struck Gould In tho groin. His
friend gave him such attention as he
could, placed him on a stretcher and
brought him to the city on a late boat.
Gould was taken to the Receiving Hospi
tal where Dr. McElroy made an examina
tion. Owlnp to the nature of the Injury it
was deemed best to remove him to a hos
pital where an operation could be per
formed. His friend accompanied him to
the Lane Hospital, where it was said that
his Injury though painful was not dan
gerous.
SAN FRANCISCO StTNDAY^DECEMBER 8, 1901.
NEW MATRON AND PATRON AND
JEWEL PRESENTED TO' CHAP
TER'S RETIRING OFFICER.
lain; Isabelle Woodside, marshal; Bessie Haste,
Adah; Edith Boyes, Ruth- Alma Harder,- Queen
Esther; Sophie Miller, Martha; E. Grace Bus
well. Elect a; Esther Phillips, organist; Ella
Buechse,' warder; Mary Lewis (of Golden Gate
Chapter), sentinel. ,_;-•--:
Worthy Patron Makes Address.
Previous to the installation there was a
short address of welcome by John Ton
ningsen; the worthy patron, r and' the"
chanting of the Lord's .. Prayer - by ' the
chapter quartet, composed of Mrs. Ralph
Hathorn; -Miss Esther Phillips, William
Collins and George B. Ferguson; During:
the installation the following solos were"
rendered: . '. . -i '.•• • ■ •
"Holy City." George B.' Ferguson; 'Xargo."
Mrs. Ralph Hathorn; "For All Eternity," Mrs.
Leontino Wef elsburg Price. • . - • . ,
The quartet rendered the following:
"Home Light." "My Heaven in Thee,"
"Abide With Me," "The Two Angels," "The
Voice of Jesus" and "Gloria." .
As extra numbers there were a lute solo
by Professor Samuel Adelsteln and a vio
lin solo by Hermann Gingg. :
After the proclamation of installation*
by the marshal and an address by Worthy-
Grand Matron Mrs. Giberson, the presen
tation was made of tfae jewel on behalf cf
the chapter to the retiring matron, Mrs.
: Lizzie Tonnlngsen, by Chief George Wal
ter Wittman. The jewel Is In the form
of the emblematic star of the order, pen
dant from a Jeweled clmiter having in
the center a three-carat diamond In a
Templar cross, and three diamonds in the
handle weighing one and V quarter car
ats. In the center of the star, which is
of gold with Oriental precious Btoues
forming the five points In appropriate col
ors, there is a two-carat diamond, while
at each pcint of the star there is a large
diamond. "Within the spaces of the points
are five branches, -each bearing a dia
mond, these weighing six carats. The
cost of the Jewel, which was designed by
Theodore Fershtand, a member of the
chapter, was $1800.
Those Who Received Guests.
The following \ named members of the
chapter acted as receptjon committee, to
receive the members and. guests and ex
tend to them the hospitality of the chap
ter:
Dr. Frank Pamie (chairman). Jud^e Carroll
Cook, Judge George C. Groezlnger. Dr. Bert
ram Alden, Dr. D. E. Barger, Dr. G. S. Back
man, Dr. Alfred Blake, Dr. c. Deichmlller,
Dr. William Edwards. Dr. W. C. Hassler, Dr.
Ben Korts. Dr. James W. Likens, Dr. E. Hal- '
eted. Dr. Thomas W. Servian, Colonel Charles
Boston, Hon. John Lackmann, Hon. Samuel
M. . Shortrldee, Consul Alexander K. Coney,
Colonel Adolph Huber. Captain Herman Huber,
Henry Lunstedt, William McKay. S. A. Clark*,
Milton Unser. Cantain Thomas A. Nerney,
Captain T. H. Brow'ne, James M. Wilkins,
Matt Lindsay, Wlllljm II. Thomas. Alexander
Bergen, Thomas P. Andrews, Thomas P.
Burns. W. F. Buawell. Ernst A. Buchse,
Bralnard Rowley, James A. Devoto, Thomas
Duke, Henry Knust, Colonel George W. Dow
ney, Dr. Wlnslow Anderson. " i
FALLS THIRTY
FEET IN HOTEL
Drummer Meets With
Serious Accident at
Occidental
Samuel L. Hunter, a commercial travel
er for a New York house, met with a
serious accident at the Occidental Hotel
last evening. Hunter, after leaving the
dining-room, was walking to his apart
ment, when he fell through the light sliaf t
from the third to the parlor floor.
Two ladies were passing from the din-
Ing-room at the time and the unfortunate
man fell close to their feet. The ladies
screamed for assistance and the injured
man was taken to his room. He was later
removed to the Emergency , Hospital
where it was found that he had sustained
a* compound fracture of the right. thigh
How the Injured man came to fall over
the railing is a mystery. ' In the history
Of the hotel this is the first time that «n
accident of this kind has ever occurV£i
Hunter arrived from New York on th*
4th inst. and made himself very popular
during his brief stay in the house iiu
friends in the East have been notified iVr
his serious condition. "ounea of
Only Two Weeks More
And all shoes of Pahl's stock will be
£one. To-morrow, as a special, 1000 men's
and women's shoes, worth $2.50, each and
every one for Just JLOO a pair. Every
pair must be sold before Dec. 31 at Pahl's'
324 Kearny street, near Bush. • '
REV.MULLIGAN
MAY BE BISHOP
Is Mentioned for Promo
tion to Old See of
Monterey.
Report Current That r Four
Prelates Will Be Ap
pointed.
Advlces from Washington are to the
effect that the Right Rev. : George Mont
gomery, Bishop of the See of Monterey,
is . to receive the appointment of Arch
bishop of Manila.
These reports state that the appoint
ment will be made as a result of the
meeting of the Archbishops o
recently held in Washington. Arch
bishop Riordan was present at this meet-
Ing, end it is declared that he made a
strong appeal at these executive meet-
Ings on behalf of Bishop Montgomery.
It la also stated from Eastern advices
that there will be four Archbishops ap
pointed. Mgr. Bernarjuna Nozaleda de
Villa,' at. present Archbishop of Manila,
is expected, to return to the "Philippines
for a year to straighten out all of his af
fairs before retiring. Father Fitzgerald,
who is at' present acting as Archoishop
of ..Manila, has made a splendid record
In the Philippines. He went to the isl
ands as chaplain of the Twenty-first In
fantry. To him much credit is due for
the harmony- that exists between the old
Spanish clergy and the American .Cath^
oilc priests tnat arrived there during the
late- war. - It Is conceded that Father
Fitzgerald will be selected as one of the
four Archbishops appointed from Home
when the names are announced.
Should the Right Rev. George Mont
gomery be elevated to an arcnblshopric
great interest will be aroused In Cali
fornia as to who will be his successor.
It is thought to be more than probable
that the Rev. Patrick B. Mulligan, who
has held the important office of secretary
to Archbishop Riordan for several years,
will be the next Bishop of the diocese of
Monterey. Father Mulligan has every
thing in his favor, as Archbishop Rior
dan greatly admires his secretary. Father
Mulligan Is now about 37 years of age
and has great executive ability. . .-
The selection of a Bishop for the dio
cese of Monterey is made only after care
ful deliberation. The Archbishop of San
Francisco, the Bishops of Sacramento
and Utah meet and select the names of
three men whom they think the most
capable. to fill, the exalted position. c"-The
pastors of Los Angeles also -meet and
they also send to Archbishop Riordan the
names of three priests who they think
would fill the office with : honor. These
names are -then sent back, to Rome for
final decision. . , , .
It is admitted, however,: that the Arch
bishop s- selection would-be roost favored
The old Spanish See of Monterey' Is . full
of traditions \.and ls-still a very wealthy
diocese.'. • . • ■ •;♦'. •••••.■: ;
It Is supposed that should the- rumored
changes be made Archbishop?,-,Rior
dan would select in father Mulli
gan a places as.. ;se.cretary>2.s.6ome ■■ "young
priest recently ordained: *The office at
secretary; is; a most important post.'^'Wtth
It goes an immense amount of clerical
work, besides thenecesslty of being pres
ent with 'the Archbishop at high church
functions. = • ■■■ . • .-,»*•-
Excursion to Mexico.
The Southern Pacific excursion to Mex
ico, leaving San Francisco December IS,
will afford a delightful and unique oppor
tunity for a Christmas vacation. To
many it" will; 'bey 'a" new experience to
spend the' ..holidays 'in a foreign land
amid novel scenes « and with a stranee
tonguo noundihg in the ear.
The excursion will be personally con
ducted and a dining car will be attached
to the special -train.:
Especially lpw rates have been ar
ranged for:the"maln;excurslon and for all
side trips to points of interest.
Literature- and full details can be ob
tained at .the' information bureau. 613
Market street. - : . \"
VETEBAN SIGNAL; CORPS
HOLDS ANNUAL BANQUET
Affair Takes Place in' Banquet-Boom
of California Hotel and
Proves Success.
The Veteran Signal Corps held its fifth
annual banquet last evening at the Cali
fornia Hotel. About thirty members were
present and . a most '- enjoyable evening
was spent. Colonel C. J. Kvans acted as
toastmaster.' .The programme follows:
"Our Native .'• Land,". 1 Colonel D. E.
Miles; "The Active Corps," Captain E .A.
Selfridge Jr.; "First Impressions." C* S
Burnell: "The National Guard,' 1 Major
C. L. Hewes; song. A. Y. Wood; "The
Jolly Bachelors," J. C. MeussdorfTer;
"The Defense of the Benedicts," O. East
wood; "Recruits for the Service," G. C
Bcardman Jr.; "What Our Comrades Are
Doing," A. A. Hanks; anecdotes, S. A
Sarle.
Merrily Going On
Is the great sale of clothing, furnishing
goods and hats of the Monarch. Every
thing must be sold. This large stock of
men's good3 will be disposed of. Any-!
body that will miss this sale don't caro
for money. Men's 518 suits for $4.15. Un
derwear worth 75c for 25c; 3 for 50c col
lars for 6c each; stylish $2.50 hats for men
only 85c. Go way back and sit down un
til somebody can wait on you at the clos
ing out sale of the Monarch, 915 Market
street, opposite Mason. • .
McKinley .Memorial Fund.
The following contributions were mada
to the McKinley memorial fund yester
day: United States customs. Surveyors
office, $194 50: Grand Hotel Cafe, Foster &
Fay, $20; Frank Koenig Shoe Company.
$10; Dr. H. J. Sartori, J5; F. M. Butler, 4
California street, $5; J. S. Young, Russ
House, ?5; J. A. Gray Company, $5; Fine
Hal & Co., $3; V. L. de Fiquerds, $1;
George Olivas. $1; D. Brandley Plymire.
$1; J. E. Young. $1: Chris H. Schmidt. 50
cents; H. H. McCollister, 50 cents; A. G.
Blake, 50 cents; M. Cuneo, 25 cents; D. L.
Pirrone, 25 cents; C. W. Hardy, 25 cents;
total, $255 75; previously reported, J2S
297 91; grand total, J28.553 65.
1 The Radam's Microbe Killer Company
has recently leased and moved into the
large store at 1470 Market street, where
it proposes to carry on a vigorous cam
paign in the advertising and marketing
of its excellent remedy. It already has
a large sale on the coast, since it is we'l
known as a certain^ cure for all bacterio
logical diseases. There are thousands* of
people In California who attribute their
release from the ravages of disease to
Radam'3 Microbe Killer. It Is sold for
$1.00 a bottle and $3.00 a jug, and 13 deliv
ered free to any part of the city.
Fined for a Trespass.
George Evans, a ranchman" of Mendo
cino County, appeared yesterday in the
United St«(*s District Court and paid $100
In lieu of sentence for cutting timber on
Government land.' -The sum paid was in
accordance with the statute . providing
that tho defendant may compromise by
paying at the rate of $2 50 per acre for
the number of acres of Government land
on which the trespass was committed. ' •
Statuary, Lamps and Screens.
We have a "select line of screens, mod
erate priced statuary "and I fine lamps—ex
clusive designs and best values in the
city. . Sanborn, -Vail & Co.. 741 Market. •
SYMPHONY CONCERTS ATTRACT
ATTENTION AND THEATERS ALL
ANNOUNCE BILLS OF MERIT
Lovers of Harmony Look Forward to Coming Treat,
Their Appetite for Husic Left Unsatisfied by
§ \ Singers in Grand Opera,
JT is pleasant to be able to announce
that the subscription sale for the
three symphony concerts to be given
under the auspices of the San Fran-
cisco Symphony Society has much
more than fulfilled the expectations I of
the officers and members of the society.;
The single seat sale will open next", Tues
day morning at Sherman- & Clay's ' music
store. It Is hoped that the sale will ex-'
hibit the same encouraging features * as
that of the subscription seats. ■, ■ \
The first concert of the series will take
place next Friday atfernoon at 3:15 sharp,,
by the way, and also with' the excellent
proviso that no one will be seated during
the performance of a number. Mr. Stejri
dorft is pleased, and with good reason,
at the "form" of his men. Rehearsals are
going with a continued increase of en
thusiasm. Giulio Minetti has been ap
pointed concertmeister, and in the choice
Mr. Steindorfl has shown the wisdom and
tact that, as much as good musicianship,
go to make the good leader. Mr. Minetti
is thoroughly well equipped for his im
portant post and is a valuable acquisi
tion to the strength of the orchestra. Mr.
Steindorfl will also have under his baton
almost all of the best orchestral material
in San Francisco, and it is not a little to
the credit of the city that flfty-flve mu
sicians of the caliber of those to be found
in the symphony orchestra can be gath
ered together here. It now only remains
for the public to do its part as nobly aa
it has done during the recent opera sea
son, but with the further impulse of help-
Ing the local musician. No more signifi
cant musical movement has been inaug
urated in the city since the Scheel sym
phony concerts and none with a fairer
promise of success. .It is to be devoutly
hoped all round that the series' will be
successful, no more infallible measure of
a community's musical standard being
avallai..*. than that of the standing of its
symphony society. As an educational:
means it. is unequaled. and as music pure
and simple the symphony remains unap
proached. There are all kinds of use
fulness open to a standing orchestra also
The visiting artists who come here cati
be heard in their finest efforts, in the con
certos and orchestrally accompanied num
bers that have heretofore been denied us.
Hofmann comes in the spring, also Nor
dica and Geraray, and there is' already'
gossip concerning a joint concert wit:i
singer and orchestra, and the orchestra
with the famous pianist and cellist. It
all depends on the public that has so far
done nobly, but all thejoupport possible
is essential to a solid suwess.
CLAIMS ESTATE
OWNS PROPERTY
Lena Eisner, administratrix of the . es
tate of her father, the late Oscar, Reln
stein, who died September 16, 1900, is suing
J. B. Reinstein, her brother, to I recover
moneys and property in his possession,
which she claims Is part of her father's
estate. >
She claims that a life insurance policy
policy for $15,000 left by her father was
made payable to J. B. Reinstein, the de
fendant, as' security for certain sums ad
vanced by the defendant to -her father to
pay the premium on , the policy. The
property In question Is a one-half
Interest in a lot on Ellis street, west of
Van Ness avenue, which also stands in
the name of the defendant. "'
Mrs. Kisner claims that before her fath
er's death he put the property in his son's '
name to secure him against loss ! for
moneys advanced- to' pay taxes and other,
expenses. ; ::U\S- v ;
The advances made by the defendant,
alleges Mrs. Eisner, do not amount to
$15,000, and . she asks! the- court- to 'direct
her brother to render an accounting and
show thereby the exact sums he luane'd
his father. • ■ . >V'
-Mrs. Eisner alleges that the property
and the money received by Reinstein is
part of the estate of Oscar Reinstein, not
withstanding the fact that it stands in the
name/ of J. B. Reinstein, and that the de
fendant, should be compelled to turn it
over to. her as administratrix of her
father's estate." Her suit Is based on the
allegation that the value of the Insurance
policy and thejane-half interest in the
Ellis-street property is greater than the
CONCERT MASTER OF THE SAN FRANCISCO SYMPHONY SOCIETY
AND THE LEADING ACTOR IN "THE COWBOY "AND THE LADY."
ORIGINALLY WRITTEN FOR N AT GOOD.WIN.
Here is the good programme for Friday
afternoon: -
Academic overture (J. Brahms): "Im Walde"
<In the Forest) Symphony No. 3. P major
(Joachim Rail); (1) allegro, am tage — "Eln
druecke" und Empnndungen," (2) "In der
Daemmerung," (a) "Lanro Traumerel." (b)
allegro ass.il, ' "Tanz der Pryaden" ; allegro,
nachts— Stilles Weben der'Kacht im - Walde.
Kinzug und Auszug der wilden Jagd mlt Frau
Holle und Wotan. Ausbruch des Tasres; <a>
■German, (b) Spanish — From "Au» Aller Hetren
Laender," suite (M. Moszkowsky): serenade
for strlnjrs No. 2, F major (R. Volkmann);
Rakoczy march (Fr. Liszt).
. * • • • I
A good deal of interest « among local
play-goers is being taken wn the Clyde
Fitch play. "The Cowboy and the Lady."
that will be seen to-night at the Cali
fornia Theater for the first time here.
The play was originally written for Nat
Goodwin, who was quite successful with
It, and whose part In the drama will be,
essayed by S. Miller Kent, a young, ro
mantic actor of sor"*> *-*»pti»#» «-• ***• T*««t.
Mr. Fitch is one of the important dra
matic facts of the day in ms particular
line, and even If the play is badly acted—
though: there seems to be good reason to
believe that it will not be— the Interest
of the drama itself will suffice to draw
amounts advanced by her brother, and
that the property and policy should be
turned over to the estate until the extent
of the defendant's claims Is determined.
J. B. ReinstPin. the defendant, is a
regent of the University of California.
Automobiles for Big Oak Flat Route
to Yosemite.
The Big Oak Flat and Yosemlte Stage
Company Is negotiating with a New York
automobile company for the construction
of twelve autos constructed to carry 12
passengers each. . The auto company
guarantees these machines to be specially
adapted' to handle passengers with ease
on mountain roads. Wm.-J. White, the
general passenger and ticket agent of the
stage company, will leave for the East
on January 5. Paul Morris, the superin
tendent tit the stage company, as well ss
others thinks that" the machines are as
yet imperfect for mountain grades. The
stage company will hold its coaches and
horses until Mr. White makes his re
port, which will be about February 15, as
he will -give the autos a fair test. The
people 'In the mountains are' very anxious
as to the outcome.
Found Starving in a Shack.
Frank Dossello, an aged peanut vender
who for a number of years has been a
fixture at the Cliff House, was found yes
terday afternoon in his shack, between
Devisadero and Broderlck streets, in a
starving condition. He was discovered
by Sergeant Anderson of the O'Farrell
street station lying on a bundle of rags
and old newspapers. He had not tasted
food for three days. He was removed to
the Central Emergency Hospital. Because
of his advanced age and his long fast the
physicians; do .not believ.e he will recover.
Indian Baskets.
>. Fine specimens : from' nearly all coast
and Alaska tribes. Skinner's Sporting
Goods Store, 416 -Market street. •
1111111
good houses. Clyde Fitch's "Barbara
Frietchie" was one of the hits of the last
Nelll season, It will be remembered. "The
Cowboy ana the Lady" promises to be
at least equally Interesting. The scenes
are laid In Colorado, and a good local
color Is sald< to be one of the attractions
of the play. It has a 'plot that cheers,
and In its working-out affords the witty
Mr. Fitch opportunity for much of bis
characteristically smart dialogue.
Jeff detAngells In "A Royal Rogue, "at
the -Columbia Theater this week, prom
ises a- comic opera relief to the grand
opera sublimities of the last month. Jeff
de Angells ■ is a deml-Callfornlan— t&at
is, he was born and "raised" here, but
has - not . illumined his native land for
something like, twenty years now. It
would be offering too serious reflec
tion on the ages- of the Columbia clientele*
to .say that the singer will be warmly
welcomed by a large circle of admlrlrs
friends to-morrow evening, but accord
ing -to- the press agents there are other
reasons to welcome De Angells. Ho seems
to have a good attraction in "A Royal
Rogue," and* is credited with a consid
erable capacity as a comic operator him
self, i
Alfred Bouvi&r and 'William L. Green
baum, well known in managerial circles,
have entered into an lmpresaxlal part
nership and will bring out to the coast
a number of Important musical attrac
tions. Mme. Nordlca Is first to corns
among these, and the brilliant Brunn
hllde of the last Grau season will b«
.heard in a series of song recitals. The
second event will be the appearance of
the Chicago Symphony. Orchestra, un
der the direction of Adolph Rosenbecker.
This organization, numbering fifty ar
tists, has been in existence about six
years, and is admitted one of the best
of the few- permanent orchestras in this
country. The orchestra brings with it
four eminent soloists, the most impor-
tant being , Jan Van Oordt, a famous
Dutch violinist, who played with great
success at the Thomas concerts in Chi
cago and at the Damrosch concerts In
New York. Franz "Wagner is a/violon
cellist of good reputation, and the vocal
ists are Mme. Ragna Llgne, a Scandina
vian soprano, and E. C. Towne.
The second- of the Pasmore concerts to
be given on Tuesday evening 1 next in the)
Maple Room, Palace Hotel, will hive
the following good programme:
Petite suite in B flat. Allegro (at
work), Andante (sorrow and hope). Al
legro Vivace (at play) <H. B. Pasmore). Mary.
Susan and Dorothy Pasmore; (a) song.
"The Lorelei" (Liszt). <b) aria, "Lietl
Slsnor." from "The Huguenots" {Meyer
beer), Miss Adelaide Birchler; cello solo.
"Songs Without Words" (Mendelssohn), Dor
othy Pasmore; violin solo. Adagio and Car.
zonetta from Concerto Romantlque (B. Gotlard).
Mary Pasmore ; songs (Arthur Flckenecher)
(a) "Am Abend." (b) "Mondnacht," Miss
Birchler. Arthur Fickenscher accompanist;
Hungarian dances (Brahms), arranged by II.
B. Pasmore, Mary, Susan and Dorothy Pas
more; "In a Persian Garden" (Liza Lehmann). ,
for soprano, contralto, tenor and baas. Mrs.
Florence Wyman Gardner. Mrs. Edith Scott
Basford. A. E. Nowlan. H. B. Pasmore. Fred
Maurer Jr. accompanist.
HEALY CREATES
USUAL RUMPUS
A few members of tb^e Mechanics' Insti
tute met last night in 'quarterly session
and talked over a variety of subjects, in
cidentally nominating trustees for the an
nual election set for February, 1002.
• The Pavilion site sale was discussed,
but was left as It stands at present
P. J. Healy, denominated the "obstrep
erous obstructor," nearly wrecked the
meeting. When the nomination of trus
tees came up In regular order he read a
list of several hundred names for *ha
seven vacancies. Hooted and howled at
by the members, he continued his pro
tracted reading of nominees. The chair
told him he was trying to make things
ridiculous, but Healy claimed his consti
tutional privilege and continued. Ho got
his names from the city directory, accord
ing to the interrupting members, who de
clared that many of those mentioned
were dead or out of town. As it now
stands, about half the members cf the In
stitution are named for trustees on the
next ticket.
It was decided to leave the legislation
on the offer for sale of the Pavilion sit3
untouched. When the Board of Super
visors makes its preposition to the Me
chanics' Institute further action will ba
taken. ■•■ ■'-••*
Reports from the secretary and libra
rian were read. It was shown that dur-
Jhg the current three mdnths 53,374 books
were taken out of the library, or 731 per
day. This is 23,300 more than during any
previous three months. There are now
3666 members, 130 additions having been
made during the last quarter. •34
BALLPLAYERS OF THE WEST DEFEAT EASTERN STARS
NORDYKE'S HOME-RUN HIT WINS
A GAME FOR LEAGUE CHAMPIONS
San Francisco Players Outbatand Outfield the Visitors.
Shay's Clever Work.
HE San Francisco baseball team
I winners of the California League
I championship pennant for this
LL season defeated an all-star team,
picked from the American League.
yesterday at Recreation Park by a score
of 3 to 1 In a brilliantly played game.
Nordyke, the big first baseman of the
home team, was the hero of the day. His
home run hit over deep center-field fence,
also sent Joshua Rellly home scoring the
runs which •wen the game. Thinsrs were
not coining very well for the home team
and the spectators had few opportunities
to applaud. They had settled down to a
quiet enjoyment of the game as a/i exhi
bition of baseball when the unexpected
happened.
With two out in the seventh. Nordyke
stepped to the bat. Suddenly the bis first
baseman conected with the ball and it
■went sailing far out over the center-fleld
fence. The change in the scene was elec
trical. Where but an instant- before all !
was quiet, pandemonium reigned. The j
spectators were all on their feet. Hati !
were thrown high in the air, and "Dyke," j
as his familiars call him. made the circuit
of the bases to a chorus of shouting and
cheering such as has not been heard here
on a ball field for many years. Even "Un- i
cle" Henry Harris applauded the play vig
orously.
Shay's Brilliant Fielding.
The home team, according to the official
score, outbatted and outfielded the visit
ors. On the bases the Easterners proved
ADVEBTISEMENTS. j
fi£9nQp'M^btf3y nw rim fH *^f AU jl' j^j
BICYCLES
For Boys and Girls
Men and Women
BAKER & HAMILTON,
Cor. Pine and Market Sts.,
SAM FRANCISCO. y
much the faster. They ran like sprinters
and are credited with six stolen bases,
fchay, the shortstop of the pennant win
ners, accepted seven difficult chances
without an error. Irwin was not so suc
cessful, accepting four chances and being
•chaged with one error. In the latter case
the ball apparently belonged to the left
fielder, but Irwin made a gallant try for It
and failed. This left Reilly safe and he
was immediately scored by Nordyke's hit.
Lajoie did not score a hit off Whalen.
In the sixth Whalen hit him. possibly by
accident and possibly to prevent him
swelling his hitting record.
San Francisco was first at bat and the
quick action of the Eastern players was
at once in evidence. Nordyke sent the
ball down the left field line for a snigle.
Wilson hit to Irwin at second, doubling: up
Nordyke. Hildebrand struck out. For the
visitors Barrett bunted safely. Pickering
and Davis struck out and Lajoie hit to
pitcher and was out at first.
Inu the second inning Schwartz was site
on Davis' error, the first baseman letting
the ball slip through his fingers. Pabst
was given a pass to first. Krug flew out.
Shay forced Pabst at second and Reilly
retired the side, gclng out at first on a
bunted ball.
Shay commenced his preat work as
shortstop in the visitors' half of the sec
ond. He threw Bradley, Mercer and Sul
livan out at first, fielding: hits which were
difficult to handle.
The WfiFp* went out quickly in the
third. Whalen flew. Xordyke walked,
Wilson fouled out r.nd Hildebrand flew
put, retiring the side.
Pickering" Scores First Run.
The visitors made their only run in th<»
third. Fraeer hit safely, but was caught
stealing second. Earrett singled and met
the same fate as did Fraser at second.
Pickering sirurled and stole second on
Cousin Parke'Wilson's bad throw. Davis
singled, sending the ball to right field and
scoring Piclering. Dav's sto'e sjcoiuI
and went to third on Wilson's overthrow, i
Lajoie was the next man up. As any
kind of a safe hit meant a run the spec
tators watched the play breathlessly. Th^
best the mighty batsman cou'd do was
a little hit to Whalen, who threw him
out at first.
In the fourth Schwartz hit one appar
ently well above Third Baseman Brad
ley's head. Bradley reached for and cap
tured it, robbing Schwartz of what looked
like a two-bagger. Pabst flew and Krug
was out at first.
Shay was much In evidence in the
fourth inning. Bradley singled to deep
left and stole second. Mercer struck out.
Irwin was out at first after a great stop
by Shay. Sullivan met the same fate at
Shay's hands.
The sixth had no returns for the Wasps.
Hildebrand walked. Schwartz sacrificed
and Pabst and Krug were out at first.
I-ajoie who. from his apeparance on the
field, is not the most amiable man In the
wcrld, had much to ruffle his temper in
the sixth. Davis, who preceded him, was
thrown out at first by Shay. Lajoie was
then hit by Pitcher Whalen, to the visi
tor's evident disgust, as he apparently
■wanted a chance to show what a handy
man he is with the bat. As though this
was not enough he was called out Imme
diately afterward by Umpire "Jim" Mc-
Donald for running down to second be
fore a high foul by Bradley .had landed
Steinfeldt Is Injured.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 7.-By the score N
of 9 to 6, Los Angeles defeated the Na
tionals at baseball to-day. The game was
■me of hard hitting and many features.
Both Schmidt, who pitched for the East
erners, and McPartlln, for Los Angeles,
were at times wild. Schmidt was the first
to go In the air. In the sixth Inning oc
curred most of the trouble.
Rellly singled and went to second on
Kelly's bunt.< In his effort to reach sec
ind Reilly collided with Steinfeldt. who
tell like a log. He was unable to get up
on account of a badly wrenched ankl<;
and had to be carried from the field. Van
Haltren took Btelnfeldt's position at short
and Doyle went to center. When play
wa* resumed Spies made first on a bunt
and the bases were full. Schmidt Bent
McPartlin to first on balls, forcing a run.
Htmphill singled to left, scoring Kelly
and Spies. Householder's two-bagger
brought McPartlin home.
me nationals had their innings in the
seventh, when McPartlln went wild and
ilt four men In succession, forcing a run.
IVhen the bases were full, Schmidt hit a
Iner to right field, which was returned
ay Klhm to the plate. Spies missed it.
lowever, and Hulen, Carr and Schmidt
, THE SAN FRANCISCO UAl-k. -SUNDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1901.
ln Parke "Wilson's big glove.
Nordyke's Home Bun.
The home team scored all Its runs in
the next innliig. Irwln was 'responsible
for one of them. a3 he- dropped Rellly's
hit to left Held. He ran some distance
into the left- fielder's erritory. and then
with the sun in his eyes he missed the
ball. Shay was at bat before; Reilly and
was out at first. Reilly followed with his
hit and tlien Whalen flew out. Nordyke
followed with his sensational home run
hit. Wilson lined out bl two-bagger. Hll
debrand flew to Davis, who dropped the
ball. Wilson scored the third and last
run on the play. Schwartz's out retired
the side.
The visitors seemed on the verge of
scoring in- their half of the seventh. Mer
cer was safe on Reillv's bad thnjw to
SOME IMPRESSIONS GLEANED
BY THE CARICATURIST AT
YESTERDAY'S GAME.
first. Irwin flew out. Sullivan went" to
first on claiming he was hit by the pitch
er, although It Is doubtful If the ball
touched him. Fraser flew out. Mercer
and Sullivan worked the double steal
cleverly, the former going to third base.
Neither side sent a man .to second In
the last two Innings. In the ninth Mercer
£ as J ?? lled out ut flrst on a dose decision.
mSt? ?2 l acce P t the decision of Umpire
McDonald gracefully and they had quite
a war of words over it on the field.
To-day G. E. (Rube) Waddell. the ec
centric southpaw pitcher, will be in the
box for the visitors. He was in uniform
yesterday and won the affection of the
smal boys at once. "Ham" Iburg will
display his shoots and curves for the
Wasps. The score:
ALL-AMERICA.
Barrett. 1. f *£ B f S f' ™ A Q - \
dickering, c. f 4 l 0 1 I 0 0
Davis, lb 4 0 118 1?
Lajoie. 2b 3 0 0 0' 5 \ I
Hmdley. 3b 4 0 2 I 4 * 0
Mercer, r. f 4 0 0 10 0 0
Irwin, ES 3 O 0 0 4 4 I
Sullivan, c 2 0 0 1 4 J 0
Crater, p j _0 1 0 1 5 0
Tota!s •••• SI "I 1 1 27 12 1
SAN FRANCISCO.
x- .. , AB - R - B H. SB. PO A E
Nordyke. lb 2 1 2 0 13 0 6
Wilson, c 5 1 1 0 $ " ■
HlldebranU. 1. f 3 0 0 0 l n 0
Schwartz, r. f 3 0 0 0 2 00
Tabet. c. f.... 3 0 0 0 3 0 0
Krug, 2b ,.Jk... 4 0 10 3 4 6
Shay, ra .W... 4 0 1 0 1 7 n
J. Ueilly, 3b 4 11 in I ?
Whalen, p.....^....:.j| _0 0 0 0 . 1 0
Total S »«« 1*1 1 27 i 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS..
A U- Ar nprica 0 0100000 A-l
Bass hits 1 021000OK
& an FYanclsco 0 0 0 0 0 0 3 0 0-3
Base hits 1 00010 220-1
SUMMARY. !
Runs responsible for-Whalen L Home run !
Nordyke Two-base hit-Wilson. Sacr?nc™hit
-Schwartz. First b«.«e on errors-San Fran
clgco 3 All-America 1. First base on caliej
balls-San Francisco 6, All-America 2 Lefl
on bases-San Francisco 8, All-Amerloa 7
Struck out-By Whalen 3. by Fraser™ H*t by
Pltcher-Lajoie, Eullivan. Double pUys-Irwin
to Davis; Wilson to Krug to Nordyke- Laloie
S? 1^ m » t0 Da ,T l8> , Tlme of Darnell hour and
scor?STcher Umr)lre - J - McDo «»^- OBiSS
New Orleans Race, Results.
NEW ORLEANS. Dec. 7.-Re B ults:
First race, six furlongs— If You Dare won
£«?;! SterIlD8r 8econi1 ' Sim W third e TTme,'
Second race, live and a' half furlonirs-
TlSt B l:C7%.° n> 8CC0nd> °" t lron th '" d -
Third race, six furlongs— George Arnold won
mm" e iS. adde11 8econd '. Tom M"s.™y thffS:
Fourth race. Palmetto handicap, steeplechase"
purse-Governor Boyd won. Dick Furblr bc£
ond. Gliesando third. Tlme.-3:05H.
Fifth race, selling, mile and an eighth— Fell*
fhira. w -?, n me p if 5 r ch secon * *»*. h iS£
Sixth race, selling, mile and a sixteenth-
Jena won. Albert Lee second, Eda Riley third.
1 lmc li4S,Tt«
"Will Captain the Senators.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. . 7.-Manager
Beebe of the Sacramento baseball team
has signed Tim Flood as : second base
man and captain for the coming season.
scored. Altogether it was an unusually
exciting came. . ' *
Stelnfeldfs ankle proved to be badly in
jured. He will be out of the game some
time. The doctors prescribe absolute rest.
STAKE FAVORITE
IS FREEZE OUT
Talent Picks the Young
; Greyhound to Win
Open Event.
Palo Alto Is First Choice in
the Union Park Spe
cial.
" Good coursing marked the run-down of
the open stake yesterday at Union Park.
Strong hares played an important part in
the day's sport and made the courses as a
rule long and hard trials. Relief dogs
were called into play oh several occasions
and -.in- more than one instance the hare
beat the combined efforts of its pursuers.
The talent had the better of the argu
ment from a betting standpoint and
picked the winner in air but eight of the
three dozen trials.
In the defeat of St. Ives, however, Ihe
wise ones were given an expensive set
back. " Sharman's courser was slipped
with Kelly & Hanley's Lusmagh L:ias
and an easy *victory was, predicted for
him. When the hare was liberated St.
Ives' chances were considered so good
the knowing bettors were laying 10 to 1
he would get the flag. St. Ives took the
lead but in the work the Lass outpointed
him and when the course was ended she
had the long end of a 13-10 score.
Imperial beat May Hempstead, a 1 to 3
choice. Ben Kirby beat Gramercy, Warco
beat The Levite, Black Bart beat Master
Workman at-1 to 2, Fannie Hughie beat
Agamemnon, Miss Brummel beat Clarice
at 3 to 5 and Lilac beat Candelaria at 2
to 5.
Probable winners in the second round
are Leola, Tralee Boy, Prompto, Courage,
Cold Shivers, Jewess, Sleety Mist, Freeze
Out, Gold-Bug, Rural Artist, Fair Oaks,
Minnie Sankey, Golden Garter, Fannie
Hughie, White Hat,. Firm Fellow, Liber
ator and Castaway. . _
In the long odds book Freeze Out and
Tralee Boy are even favorites at 4 to 1,.
Rural Artist 6, liberator and Castaway 7,
Merrimac. and Firm Fellow 8. With any
kind of even coursing Freeze Out should
win the stake. •
In addition to the open stake finals a
special event made up of sixteen cham
pion coursers will be run to a conclusion.
Palo Alto is favorite for honors at even
money, Charta is second choice at 5 to 1.
Following are the day's results, with
Judge John Grace's official scores:
Open stake, first round— E. Parkinson's Ben
Kirby beat J. Hurley's Gramercy, 6-3; A. R.
Curtis' Leola beat O. Zahl's Miss Wilson, 12-o.
A. K. Curtis 1 Kibosh beat Pasba Kennels
Fiery Face, 32-17; T. J. Cronln s Tralee. Boy
beat George Sharman's Chicago Boy, 8-6; M.
Lawler's Glen Coe beat P. Doyle" 3 Thelma.
6-5; P. M. Clarkson's Prompto beat J. ■ w. M.
Muller's Eagle Cracker. 32-0; W. C. de B. Lo
pez's Courage beat T. J. Cronin's Rambler, 8-J;
D. G. Frantz's Warco beat W. C. de B. Lopez, s
The Levite, 12-3; H. Lynch's Merrimac beat A.
R. Curtis' Fly by Night, 10-2; Sterl & Knowles'
Cold Shivers beat M. Kohlander's King's Bor
derer, 16-0; W. C. de B. Lopez's Jewess beat
M B. Kavanaugh's May be Kind, 22-3; H.
Lynch's Black Bart beat P. H. Stoddard's Mas
ter Workman, 12-10 ; Sterl. & Knowles' Sleety
Mist beat J. Durnane's Swedish. 4-2; W.
Cairne's Imperial beat J. M. Halton's May
Hempstead, 4-1; Sterl & Konwles' Freeze Out
beat D. G. Frantz's Dorothy M, 7-3; P. M.
Clarkson's Sofala beat D. Wleland's Floranthe',
8-3; E. Geary's Ruby Sankey beat Ed Neave's
Spiteful 18-10; George Sharman's Gold Bug
beat M. Kohlander's Master Whalem, 6-4: Kel
ley & Hanley's Lusmagh Lass beat George
Sharman's St. Ives, 13-10; Pasha Kennels' Ru
ral Artitt beat D. CahlH's Maid a' Gowrle,
12-6; E. Geary's Fair Oaks beat* Ed Neave's
First Foot, 9-7; E. Geary's Minnie Sankey beat
J. Kelley's Gov. Mack. 18-4; L. F. Bartels'
Best Bargain beat O. Zahl's O'Hara, 8-6; H.
Schaffer's Fair Glen beat J. D. Cardinell's
Union Jack, 7-0; C. O. Peterson's Haphazard
beat R. Strehl's Three Cheers, 8-5; P. M. Clark
son's Golden Garter beat W. C. de B. Lopez's
Sara, 5-2; E.- Geary's Fannie Hughie beat M.
Nealon's Agamemnon, 6-4; P. M. Clarkson's
Miss Brummel beat H. Lynch's Clarice, 13-9;
Chlarini Bros.' White Hat beat R. H. Stod
dard's Lady Sears, 5-4: J. D. Cardlnell's Jesiby
beat A. Vanderwhite's' Miss Nicholls, 4-1;
George Sharman's Firm Felow beat J. Hur
ley's Living Picture, 10-8; W. Calme's Gold
Ore beat W. C. de B. Lopez's B. P., 11-6; P.
Doyle's Liberator beat W. H. Robinson's Rosle
Freedom, 14-3; Ed Neave's Wedding Bells beat
F. Lee's Sweet Locust. 10-5; Ed Neave's Cast
away beat D. G. Frantz's Motor, 12-5; H.
Lynch's Lilac beat A. R. Curtis' Candelaria,
3-1.
SIGNAL CORPS DEFEATS
ALAMEDA FOOTBALL TEASrt
Persistent End Bunning of the Win
ners Proves the Most Interest
ing Feature of Game.
By a score of 11 to 0 the Signal Corps
aggregation of pigskin kickers defeated
the Alamedas yesterday afternoon at the
Sixteenth and Folsom streets grounds.
Despite the top-heavy score, the game
was interesting. Neither side displayed
any team work and interference was to
tally ignored. The features of the game
were the persistent end-running of the
Signal Corps' halfbacks.' In the flrst half
Hooper, right halfback for the Signal
men, executed a 70-yard run and carried
the ball across the goal line. The second
touchdown was achieved principally by
constant line bucks. During the second
half the pigskin was zigzagged up and
down the gridiron, but neither goal was
in danger. George Dinsmore and Whip
pie of the University of California were
the officials. The teams lined up as fol
lows:
Signal Corps. Positions. Alameda.
Grant .....L. E. R Bardwell
B. Mel L. T. R B. Colburn
Bacon I'- G. R Jacobl
Mel Center Siegfried
Hyde..... R. G. L ; Murdock
Bray.... R. T. L R. Colburn
Johnson ...R. E. L Hamilton
Jones Quarter .*. Pond
Webber L. H. B. R Thomas
Hooper R. H. B. L ....Bird
Hajnllton Full Allen
CYCLIST KRAMER FIRST
IN TWENTY-MILE RACE
Defeats Floyd McFarland of San Joss
by Inches in Madison-Square
Garden, New York.
NEW YORK. Dec. 7.— The winter In
door bicycle season was opened at Madi
son Square Garden to-night. The most at
tractive feature of the programme was a
20-mile professional race. In a blanket
finish Frank Kramer, the professional
champion of 1901, finished inches in front
of Floyd McFarland of San Jose, wiih
George C. Schrelber third and Hugh Mc-
Lean fourth. These four riders lapped
the bunch at the seventh mile. Kramer's
time was 1:16:38. .
George C. Schrelber of New York, with
a handicap of thirty-five yards, won tfi«
mile professional handicap in 2:02 3-5.
Albert Champion of France, holder, of
the world's motor bicycle record, rode 'an'
exhibition mile in 1:27 3-5.
Jimmy Michael, following a single motor
pace, rode an exhibition two miles in
3:32 2-6.
Interest in Sport Vasco.
v Eder Jal, the. royal Spanish handball
game, drew a large crowd to Central Park
yesterday. The greatest Interest was
manifested in the contests by the specta
tors and the players were frequently
cheered for their marvelous dexterity.
The players, who have all been brought
here from the City of Mexico, are adepts
at the game. Their ability to wield the
"chistera," the apparatus used to catch
and cast the ball, is amazing. They are
able to hurl the light rubfcer ball from
one end of the "cancha," or court, to, the
other and cause it to strike with unfail
ing accuracy inside the required space on
the front wall. One of the features of
the game Is /the interest and life which
the players put into the contests.'
A game will be played this afternoon,
commencing at 2 o'clock, between cham
pion teams. The game is rapidly coming
to;the front. as. one of the most exciting
sports ever introduced here. A team ar
rived yesterday from Madrid, .the mem
bers of which are credited with being the
champions of the Basque provinces,
where the sport had Its origin. -
BLUE RIBBONS AND HONORS
FOR THE ST. BERNARD DEWEY
Charles Newman's Splendid Young Dog One of the
Sensational Winners at Oakland Show.
CHARLES NEWMAN'S rough-coat
ed St. Bernard. Dewey, was one
of the sensational dogs exhibited
at the show which closed last
night at Oakland. This is the the
first time he has been benched and he
won first ln the limit open and winners'
classes. In addition to this he. carried off
the Breeder and Sportsman medal for the
best St. Bernard in the show. He was
placed over Le King in the winners' class.
Dewey was bred and raised by his own
er, being by Mr. ' Newman's great trick
dog Golden Lion and out of Wainina, In
color he is a rich golden fawn with white
markings. He Is said to be the largest
dog of his breed in America. He stands
thirty-seven inches high, measures eight
feet from tip to tip and weighs 224%
pounds.
He is two years and a half old. From
his success at Oakland, where the class,
although small, was a representative one.
a great future is predicted for him ln the
show ring. , He has a fine ; skull, great
chest and barrel, heavy bone and sound
legs. >
KAXES WINS QOODAliL
CUP ON OAKLAND LINKS
Two Teams of Ladies Will Engage
To-Morrow in a Tournament Over "
the Presidio Golf Course.
' Sixteen J players, including two ladies,
appeared on the Oakland golf course yes
terday in the first competition for the
Goodall cup, over thirty-six holes, medal
play. -The sixteen were divided into two
classes— scratch and handicap— E. R. Fol
ger, R. v M. . Fitzgerald, F. S. Stratton and
W. P. Johnson playing from scratch and
the rest receiving a handicap of eighteen
strokes. The best gro^s score of the day
was AV. P. Johnson's 178; but F. Kales
won the i contest with a gross score of
190, less 18—172, C. R. Winslow being sec
ond with a score of 191, less 18—173. The
best score for a single round was made
by W. P. Johnson, who accomplished the
short course In the second round in the
excellent score of 38. The same player's
87 was the best card turned in for eight
een holes, though D. Belden's 89 was a
good second. Miss Jacqueline Moore after
one circuit retired. The details are
Shown in the table:
OAKLAND GOLF CLUB— COODALL CUP.
?S S'S 2 a 3 E I
CONTESTANT. 3 • 3 * \ ? S \
3 c : 3 c : * : :
?• a • a. 3 - !*.•■•
: p. : ; a.: ; .::
E. R. Folger.l...... 44 46 00 49 52 101 191.. 191
R. M. Fitzgerald... 42 52 94 44 53 97 131.. 191
A. H. Hlggins..:... 41 12 93 48 56 104 197 18 179
F.S. Stratton...... 43 52 9*40 50 90 1S5 .. 185
G. E. de Golia 50 52 102 48 52 100 202 18 184
E. E. Baker 54 58 112 56 56 112 224 IS 206
J. P. Ames 54 52 106 46 56 102 103 18 190
C. M. Gayley....... 54 60 114 54 57 111 225 IS 207
MrSvH. II. Sherwood 52 58 lie 54 62 116 226 18 20S
Dr. Carpenter 49 56 105 5162 113 218 18 200
D. F. Belden., 42 47 89 47 56 103 192 18 174
W. P. Johnson 4150 9138 49 87 178.. 178
J. O. Cadman Inl!^ 110 48 62 110 220 18 20'
F. Kales 45 55 100 40 50 90 190 18 172
C. R. Winslow 45 47 92 46 53 99 19118 173
Mlsa J. Moore : 66 64 130 »| lg ....
♦Retired. 1 '■ .
On Friday John Lawson beat Dr. J. Me-
Conkey 5 up. 3 to play, in the semi-final
round for the Council's cup of the San
Francisco Golf Club. H. C. Golcher and
OGG©©3O©©eO©OQ0OO©G©3©©e©«©eO3«OOO©O©O0©Q3OOOCOOCaOCOOOOOOOOOOOOOO<?O
e » ©
!5ome Facts for Men!!
© •
1 "The vital force of every man is like the steam in an engine— g
I constantly under change, growing greater or less as it is generated •
S or exhausted. Some men exhaust more than nature can replace and, 3
| like the engine, they break down. J
g "The vital force or steam of a man's body is electricity. My Belt •
e replaces what is lost, and sets the organs in motion. 11 — FROM DR. 2
g MCLAUGHLIN'S BOOK FOR MEN. m •
§ This book Is sent sealed, free, upon request. •
a ■■.■..;...■■• «
I Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt. :
• It Has Free Electric Suspensory For Weak Men. 3
2 Here is the appliance that is curing men— making Electricity is life to every living thin*? 8
g them feel as they did in their full-blooded youth— and it Mr. Creed Moxley. Sawyers. Meadocino'county Ca!.. writes: C
& does its work while you sleep. , V -nv i!£J', ear i n ? your . Belt . 1 had almost lost hope'of ever being a
S Do you need it? Are your bones achin K . nerves tired m &£^
© nights restless, ideas confused, memory poor, kidneys and »"°* Lt^H^T t0T what you have dcne for me - and that x hav « wS
® bladder out of order, energy low? Are you srowinR old o* *" honeat man " 'V* ln you "' - Ti
• too soon? These are signs of low vitality. My Belt , men s . av thev don t believe in testimonials. They g
S will restore it. • ' must believe in these letters from honest men. There is 2
f ' , '• , ..r „ no be «« evidence than the word of an honest man who S
© Mr. Louis Foscallna, Auburn, Cal.. writes about It: "I suffered says: You cured me -inH T »K, n t- ,,„,," IS „<-.,! C o?r» 2
A for ten years with varlcocele and the attending weakness, doc- th * w * "i^JV: Q me » and L thank you. If you said 0
A tored with various concerns without relief. As a last resort I tried v "^i. woman t you expect your friends to believe you? Q
S your Belt, and In six weeks the weakness was entirely cured and I can name a CUre in rvcrv tnmn in this Stirp vnii' fl
© the veins reduced to their normal condition. I never expected such own n*.;JrI,T,^ tf every town in tnis btate— VOL. w
© results and win always be sratefui." "wn neijuiDors, whom ycu have known for years. They *j
| I can cure any man who is suffering from lost vitality. y ™ 1°^ '^ £ «
g no matter what caused it. Here is an appliance that will «;ir«d frfm iSfc^^ta?^ rt Siiu^ aB fo r«i I irt?^eS r beforS 2
A restore the Steam that makes the vital Organs KO. and it &it entlwi» trl ?' treatment, and in two months your wonderful 5
© will make a new man of you. / : method " y Ured me - I "P^late the excellence of your g
9 You notice that nearly all my cures are of men who I don't care whar vrmr frrmM- ;= :t ;«. ,.,,,n 8 t rnm '» 2
g have done lots of docioring. They usually try nw Bel, loss o/Vner?," ca/cX yS^MTid ri*™™ «
• f S l' a f re . SOrt .- ? Vhtn A a ma ° « ts tlreiJ "to 8 " 1 * hlm «" stiff ,oints: it will put springs in your leas and a feelimt S
1 tUfi^ir >our hcart - Y °° r? — d " th « ™* s
8 .hI°wor?d n ''a E nd Vhe^T/one" wtfe-st^trLJS 'ggggM <°« ™ » ™ h » ' sh °" *» ° f |
S th^ n 7- e i and V ' talS and St ?7r th "?u " CtriC^ • • i' li you are sick - if y°« *»ve a pain or an ache, or if you I
© That.is because a man can t live without Electricity: it's don't feel. as. strong as you ought to, try it. and you will «
® a part of his .body, and, when he >ses it he srets weak, be the happiest man you know. 5
g stupid, nerveless and slowly. goes downhill and dies, just It's just as good for women J
Q hkeaplant.withoutsunandair. Come and see me. or let me send you my book, which §
© ; A plant- can live without sun and air if it sets Elec- is full of the things a man likes to read if he likes to be 1
g tncity. That is a scientific fact. Cant you see that a strom? and healthy man. Send this ad. V*
§ DR. M. G. McLaughlin; 70 ( ? o^rkbt street j
J • ° * - (Lotta's Fountain), San Francisco. «
o OFFICE HOURS— 8 a. m. to 8:30 p. m. Sundays, 10 to 1. Never So'.d by Agents or Drug Stores, j
Warren Gregory will play their match
on some day during the week. Tester
day several players were out for prac
tice, among them being J. W. Byrne.
Leonard Chenery, Worthington Ames, S.
L. Abbot Jr., R. V. Watt, Major Charles
Christensen, Warren Gregory, George B.
Cooksey, H. C. Breeden and J. S. Sever
ance.
To-morrow morning at 9:30 the ladles
of the San Francisco Golf Club will hold
a tournament, match play, between teams
to be picked by two captains chosen be
fore the game. The following ladies have
already entered: Mrs. R. G. Brown, Miss
Florence Ives, Miss Alice Hoffman and
Miss Maude Mullins. On Friday Mrs. R.
Gilman Brown made two practice round3
in 56 and 53, and Miss Mullins went
around once in 55. In order to save the
regular course until the grass ln front
of the greens shall have grown up well
the Presidio golfers are playing the- holes
in the reverse order to the usual one.
Pope "Was Not Notified.
ROME, Dec. 7.— The Fanfulla says the
Pope will not send a delegate to attend
the coronation ceremonies of King Ed
ward VII. as hl3 Holiness was not noti
fied of the King's accession to the throne.
Receiver Is Appointed.
CHICAGO, Dec. 7.— On petition of sev
eral creditors in the Federal Court a re
ceiver was appointed to-day for the busi
ness of Keating, Smythe & Shoemaker,
ST. BERNARD WHICH CAR
RIED OFF HIGH HONORS AT
THE OAKLAND DOG SHOW.
makers of leather and canvas goods. It
Is alleged that the Indebtedness of the
concern Is $76,737, and its assets about
$50,000.QUICKSAND HOLDS
HUNTER CAPTIVE
Friendly Limb of Tree
Saves Man From
Awful Death.
Sinks to His Chin in Marsh
and Is Rescued Six
Hours Later.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA,,r>ec. 7.— The friendly limb of
a tree and his own strong voice saved
Thomas Raymond from being buried alive
In cuicksands in a swamp 4n Black *T>ia-
yesterday afternoon. Raymond had
Ifcoa hunting and at dark he lost his way.
jie wandered into a swamp, became fast
In the quicksand and gradually sank in
It up to his chin.
For four hours he screamed for help.
Finally his cries were heard by Mrs. John
Jones, who gave the alarm and sent
neighbors to his rescue. They found Ray
mond nearly exhausted and barely able
to keep hi* mouth above the treacherous
Quicksand. He would have been swal
lowed up hours before had he not been
able to reach and hold fast to the limb of
a stunted tree overhanging the edge of
the Ewacp. x
A roadway was built out to him with
Umbers and he was extricated six hours
after he had stepped into the swamp. His
run had sunk out of eight and could not
be located.
CAPITALISTS PLAN" TO
GET COENER ON OXYGEN
Object of a 2J"ew Corporation Is to
Bottle a Portion, of the
Atmosphere.
LOS ANGELES, Dec 7.— To bottle the
Oxygen of the atmosphere Is the Queer ob
ject of a company whose Incorporation
papers were filed with the County Clerk
this morning.
The name of the concern is the Califor
nia Oxygen Company, with headquarters
in Los Angeles. Tbe capital stock is fixed
at S5,0007Tully subscribed. Charles Corn-
Ing. H. L. Martin. A. M. Lovelace. Wil
liam Rodman and L. R. Garrett are the
j-DCkholders, who constitute the board of
directors. Corning has subscribed $21,000
of the capital stock.
According to the articles, the purpose of
the organization Is to obtain oxygen from
the air and Bell it, either in gaseous or
liquid form or combined in a mixture with
other substances; also to manufacture all
other gases whatsoever and to license
other persons and corporations to make
use of Its letters Va-tent, processes and
formulae.
PASSES ABANDONED HULK.
Collier Haria Exports a Vessel's Loss
Off Cape Flattery.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Dec. 7.— The col
lier Maria, arriving to-day from San Pe
dro, brought news of a marine mishap off
Cape Flattery. When nearly 100 miles off
Cape Flattery yesterday morning the Ma
ria sighted a four-masted steel bark. She
was light and her ballast evidently had
shifted, so that she had a list of forty
rive degrees. The vessel was riding at an
chor and there was no apparent danger of
her turning turtle or otherwise coming to
disaster. A. signal of distress was flying
from her mast, but no person appeared
aboard.
The Maria went as close as she could
In the heavy swell that was running, but
Captain Czerlick was unable to make out
r the ship's name. The Maria's own pro
pellers was half out of water and she was
too light to attempt to take the vessel Into
tow. A schooner was coming up from the
southwest at the time the Maria left and
it is probable that the sailing vessel will
make a complete investigation.
Sensational Charge Disproved.
SANTA CRUZ, Dec. ".—Judge Smith
filed his order yesterday, denying Plain
tiff L. F. Grover's motion for a new trial
In the case of L#. F. Grover vs. the Bank
of Santa Cruz County et al. Grover
brought suit against the Bank of Santa
Cruz County, o£ which ex-Governor Jeter
is president, and made defendants with
ihe bank J. H. Logan, H. E. McKinney,
J. W. Jorgens and J. G. Tanner, who
were directors of Grover & Co. He
charg-ed the defendants with fraud and
other misdeeds. The case was tried and
In September was decided in favor of the
defendants on every point. The decision
completely exonerated the bank, its presi
dent and the directors of Grover & Co. of
the charges against them. The motion
for a new trial, denied yesterday, finally
disposes of the case in this court.
New Improvements.
FRESNO, Dec. 7.— The Pacific Land Im
provement Company filed articles of In
corporation to-day. The directors are.
George H. Fullerton and Edward F. King
man of Riverside; L. li. Fairbanks of Co
lumbus, Ohio; F. S. Riegert of Topska,
Kansas; and Williamson Dunn of Los An
geles. The capital stock Is 5100,000, all of
which has been subscribed. Geonre H.
Kullerton and G. \V. Smith are the prin
cipal shareholders.
Freshmen at a Dance. '
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Dec 7-
The class of 1305 gave Its class dance, the
Kreshman Glee, in the large clubroom of
Knclna Hall last night. The affair -was a
success socially and financially and was
one of the prettiest functions that have
ever occurred at Stanford. One hnudred
and fifty couple were in attendance. In
accordance with a ruling by the univer-
Klty authorities dancing- stopped promptly
fit midnight. Yanke's orchestra of San
Francisco supplied the music.
DENVER. Dee. 7.— Tee Chow Jung; filed of
leprosy In a hovel In the Chinese quarter of
this city last sight. This Is the first death
from leproty that ever occurred la Denver. I
¥. The above few words tell the complete story of Felts' sale from V
J now on. ■ V
| The whole stock will be offered for $3.5O a pa j rt whether they i
} be the regular $6.00 shoes or the $8.00 fancy slippers — everything now B
! goes at $3.50. |
I All the shoes are swell, stylish, up-to-date creations — the I
I only kind Felts carried. In each instance it is an absolute savins: to I
* you of from one-third to one-half and you couldn't Ret finer or more i
! elegant footwear no matter how much more you paid or where you I
You can't have an idea of the values until you see the shoes — I
5 well, you might if you think of the finest shoe you ever saw and I
then stop and realize that it can be had here for 93.50.
The Walk-Over Shoe Store
* Felts' Successor
'j 924-926 Market Street.
SAYS EXECUTOR
ROBBED ESTATE
Mary B. Percival Sues
Former San Joaquin
Resident.
Alleges That E. H. Jack Mis
appropriated Funds in
His Keeping.
STOCKTON. Dec. 7.— Mary B. Percival,
eldest daughter of the late William S.
Moss, who was a wealthy farmer of this
county, to-day brought suit against B. H.
Jack, a rich resident of Peoria, 111., to
recover 145,000 which she claims as her
one-third share of $135,000 which she
charges that Jack withheld from the es
tate of her father, of which he was ex
ecutor. Jack lived in San Joaquin County
at one time and still ownes a large ranch
here, which Mrs. Pervical has levied upon
to secure her claim. Mrs. Percival has
been at work a long: time collecting: evi
dence and recently sent an agent to Peoria
and Chicago for this purpose.
William S. Moss died many years ago,
leaving a large estate to several children,
three of whom are now living. He was
at one time the owner of a San Francisco
paper. Jack was a relative by marriage
and was made one of the executors of
Moss* will. The estate was long ago dis
tributed among the heirs, but Mrs. Per
cival alleged fraud.
SAN" JOSEAN'S DEATH DUE
T9 PECULIAR ACCIDENT
Collar Button Swallowed Years Ago
Causes a Complication of
Diseases.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 7.— Dr. Charles A- Mc-
Gettlgan, a promenent young dentist of
this city, died at the home of his parents
yesterday. He was the son of Charles
McGettigan, a well-known baker of this
city. Deceased was a native of Oregon
and 35 years of age. A wife survives him.
Some years ago Dr. McGettlgan acciden
tally swallowed a collar button he was
holding in his mouth. It lodged in the
lower part of his throat and all attempts
to remove it proved futile. His life was
despaired of. A year later he coughed up
the collar button during a coughing spell,
but he never recovered his health and
death was due to a complication of dis
eases arising from th* accident.
GENERAL WEBB UNDER
AEEEST TN EITSENADA
SAN DIEGO. Dec. 7.-A special to the
Union from Ensenada, Lower California,
says that General W. E. Webb, a well
known resident of San Diego, was arrest
ed on Thursday on a charge of calumny,
preferred by J. E. Packard, manager of
the colonization companies, who alleged
that General "Webb has said that he
(Packard) had taken steps to facilitate
the "jumping" of iron claims in which
General Webb was interested. General
Webb was taken to the cuartel, but was
6hortly afterward given his freedom on
bail.
CALIFOBNIANS IN NEW YOBK.
NEW YORK, Dec 7.— The following
Calif ornlans have arrived at the hotels:
San Francisco— J. C. Adelsdorfer, J.
Reid and wife, J. Reid Jr., J. H. Reid, at
the Herald Square; P. P. Davis, P. Con
radl, F. H. Hunter, at the Grand; C. E.
Adams, at the Marlborourb: D. L. Ran
dolph, at the Manhattan; S. Mann, at the
Gllsey; N. T. Smith and wife, Mrs. II.
Rothery, at the Grand Union; P. L.
Davis. E. Jones, Mrs. L. G. Terrell, Miss
C. Terrell, at the Imperial; A. C. Lush, at
the St. Denis; G. B. Reed, Miss Reed, at
the Broadway Central; A. G. Chapman,
at the Murray Hill; Mrs. F. H. GrlOith,
at the Continental; O. J. Humphrey ami
wife, at the Park Avenue; J. S. Hanna, P.
S. Hanna, L. P. Wiel and wife, at the
Hoffman; M. Levi. at the Holland; S. E.
Slade, at the Albermarle.
Los Angeles— Mrs. Burnett, at the Man
hattan: Mrs. M. Devere, at the Vendome.
San Jose — Mrs. W. Piper, at the Im
perial.
Six-Day Bicycle Race.
NEW YORK. Dec. 7.— When the mid
night hour strikes to-morrow night, sev
enteen crack riders of the world will line
up for the Btart at Madison Square Gar
den In a six-day international race.
"Young Corbett" will fire the starting
shot. Under the conditions of the race
the men will ride in teams, each man put
ting in twelve hours a day on the track.
The seventeen teams are:
Hall and McLaren, England; Gougoltz
and SImar. France: McFarland and Free
man, California; Munro and Newkirk,
Memphis; Babcock and Turville, C. R. A.
C. : Deroeck and Keriff. Belgium; Fred
erick and Jaak, Germany; Fisher and
■Chevalier. Switzerland; Lepoutre and
Muller, Italy; King and Samuelson, Salt
Lake City; Furtus and Peterson, Cleve
land; Lawson and Julius, Sweden; Karn
stadt and Franks. Vienna; Walthour and
McEachern, Pan-American team; Nor
cotte and Jones, New York; Maya and
Wilson. Pennsylvania; Butler and Mc-
Lean, Scotch-American.
Boston Men Want Pickpocket.
BOSTON. Dec. 7.— Inspectors left Boston
to-day for Los Angeles, Cal., with requisi
tion papers for the delivery of Edward
Harvey, otherwise known as "Old Man
Harvey," a pickpocket, whom Boston po
lice have been following all over the con
net during the past three years. Harvey
is wanted for the alleged robbery of Po
lice Captain "Warren of Brighton, whose
pocket-book was taken two wears ago
Harvey was arrested, but he "jumped"
PARIS, Dec. 7.— The Chinese loan of 265.000 -
000 franca at 3 per cent will be Issued Deceni-
I ber 21.
THE SAN FRANCISCO OALIi, ' SUNDAY, JBajBMBER 8, 1901.
YOUNG ALAMEDA POLITICIANS
WIN FIGHT FOR SCHOOL BONDS
Juvenile "Heelers" Coerce Papas and Other Citizens
at Polls and Achieve Victory.
ALAMEDA, Deo. 7.— By a vote of
nearly five to one the electors of
this city decided to-day that
$100,000 In bonds should be Issued
for school Improvements. The
victory is more sweeping than even the
most ardent advocates of the bond pro
ject had anticipated. A two-thirds ma
jority of all votes cast was necessary In
order to carry the bonds.
The total number of votes polled was
1467. Of this total 1210 were for and 257
against.
The vote by precincts is here given:
• ■ For. Against.
First Precinct 85 37
Second Precinct : 104 8
Third Precinct .■ 70 22
Fourth Precinct 64 29
Fifth Precinct 115 14
Sixth Precinct 96 12
Seventh Precinct 100 II
Eighth Precinct 94 IS
Ninth Precinct 100 ■ 6
Tenth Precinct 88 1«
Eleventh Precinct 77 18
Twelfth Precinct 11» «
Thirteenth Precinct ".,' 69 17-
Fourteenth Precinct 89 10
Life and novelty were added to the elec
tion by the Interest taken in tho work at
and near th© booths by hundreds of
school children. Th© youngsters, boys
and girls alike, were up and around when
the polls were declared open. Near the
local stations they were particularly ac
tive during the early morning hours and
more than one commuter who was run
ning for his train and forgetting all about
the election was held up by a squad of
juvenile politicians and urged to exercise
his electoral privilege and drop one for
the bonds.
Slogan on Donkey's Back.
Master Lincoln Van Orden", with a don-
HATPIN ENTERS
WOMAN'S SCALP
Miss A. L. Rodgers
Meets With a Pecu
liar Accident.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 7.
As the result of a wound that was
caused by a steel hat pin being forced into
her bead. Miss A. L». Rodgers of 1424
Franklin Btreet is lying dangerously ill.
Miss Rodgers was walking along a down
town street yesterday afternoon when a
boy allowed an awning: in front of one of
the stores to descend upon her head. The
awning struck the hat pin at such an an
gle that it was forced into her head. She
uttered a scream from the pain that en
sued, but in a moment had recovered her
composure and withdrew the pin with her
own hands. She did not pay any attention
to her wound, thinking little of it, but
later in the afternoon she fainted and was
taken home by friends. A physician was
called to attend the young woman and he
discovered that the pin had , pierced the
head at a dangerous point, nearly entering
the brain cavity. Miss Rodgers has been
constantly under treatment and she now
holds an even chance for recovery, al
though there is danger of blood poisoning.
Infantry Captain Is Convicted.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 7.— Captain Fran
cis P. Fremont, Second Infantry, was re
cently convicted by court-martial In. the
Philippines of the charge of conduct to
the prejudice of good order and military
discipline and sentenced to be suspended
from rank and command for six months
and to be confined to his headquarters.
In the specification it was alleged that
Captain Fremont cursed and assaulted
Private Boyd of Company G and also that
he instructed Lieutenant Preston Brown,
Second Infantry, to try Private Boyd by
summary court without regard to the
evidence. The findings and sentence of
the court were approved by Brigadier
General Wade.
Footpads Seize Woman's Purse.
STOCKTON. Dec. 7.— Two footpads, giv
ing as their names David and John Mar
shall, this evening grabbed a purse from
Mrs. T. B. Buck and made a run to es
cape. •Police officers overhauled them
after a long chase.
Jury Acquits Hong, Q-uy.
; SACRAMENTO. Dec. 7.— The Jury In the !
case of Hong Guy, charged with the mur
der of Sen Ah Hlng, returned a verdict
of acquittal to-night. The verdict was a ■
surprise to the police authorities who i
were certain of conviction.
Railroad Will Spend Millions.
HOUSTON. Tex.. Dec. 7.— It la \ an- ;
nounced officially that tho Southern Pa-
key cart and drum, did much to notify
citizens that an election was on. Over
the donkey's back were hung -two large
home-made placards- bearing the admoni
tion, "Papa, vote for bonds." Van Or
den and his donkey visited every booth
and both boy and beast were everywhere
cordially greeted by the populace. At the
polling place of the Sixth Precinct a triclc
dog created some excitement by upsetting
the ballot-box and alarming the election
officers by his wild antics. George E. Bew.
one of the clerks, fell through a fractured
chair and wrenched his back.
clfic will, during the coming year, spend
53.000,000 on the Atlantic system between
El Paso and New Orleans. This money
Is to be spent on reballastlngr, new
eighty-pound steel rails, bridges, new
equipment and building of branch lines.
President Signs First Bill.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 7. — President
Roosevelt to-day signed the first bill sent
to him by Congress, thus creating the
first law to be enacted under his admin
istration. It was the act to admit free
of duty and permit the transfer of for
eign exhibits from the Pan-American Ex
position to the South Carolina Interstate
and Industrial Exposition at Charleston,
New Railroad for Bolivia.
LIMA, Peru,' Dec. 7.— Advices from La
Paz say that the Bolivian Congress has
sanctioned a concession to a Belgian syn
dicate to construct a port at Bahia Negra
and a railway from the River Paraguay
to Santa Cruz, with branches to Sucre,
and Potosi; and has also authorized the
Government to negotiate a foreign loan,
the basis of which is not made public.
Fight a Draw at San Bafael.
SAN RAFAEL. Dec. 7.— A large crowd
gathered in the San Rafael Athletic Club
Hall to-night to witness a 11 f teen-round
boxing bout between. Rudolph Grossman
of this city and. Tom Pendcrgast of Sac
ramento. The bout .went the limit and
was declared a draw.
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
San Francisco's Scientific Dermatologists
IS Wrinkles.
In San Francisco, at the parlors of the
New York Institute of Dermatology, a
woman is on exhibition with the wrinklos
removed from one side of her face and
left on the other side as a sample to
show what their remedy will do. Tiie
contrast is both striking and convincing,
as attested by the wonder and admiration
of the ladies who call daily to see her
and who pronounce, the- remedy perfect.
You are invited to call and see her— see-
Ing is belie vine. :
de Beer's New Discovery for Wrinkles
Makes women of sixty look thirty-five.
The Institute is sole Western agents
for de Beer's great remedy. -This Is the
only reliable remedy for wrinkles known
to science, guaranteed to eradicate the
worst cases of deep' wrinkles, which we
prove before you pay us a cent. For
sale at the parlors or sent plain sealed to
any address. Price two dollars. Strangers
ordering from a distance must send price
with order. ..';•-. . ■ - • • .
By a simple painless operation our sur-
geon from New York, specially trained
and experienced in this work, corrects
ill-shaped noses, outstanding ears, double
chin, ■ flabby throat. sagging cheeks,
drooping -mouth, puffy, baggy eyelids,
positively without pain or scarring, ■ and
removes.. alt marks and blemishes from
the' skin by the latest scientific methods
Consultation in, person or by letter is free
and strictly confidential. Call or address
N. Y. • Institute of Dermatology, Colum-
bian building, 916 ; Market st. (opposite
Emporium),, San Francisco. A lady is in
reception at the parlors to explain meth-
ods to callers, s Take elevator to flf th
floor. i .-. . .
SOME OF THOSE WHO WERE IN
TERESTED IN THE ALA1IEDA
SCHOOL BOND ELECTION.
Superintendent of Schools Charles C.
Hughes was one of the persistent workers
In the Eleventh Precinct. Dr. A- W. Scott,
principal of the High School, spent his
time going from booth to booth and ob
serving how matters were shaping them
selves.
Bulldog Intimidates Voters.
In the Twelfth Precinct a massive bull
dog took up a position near the entrance
to the booth and at a signal from his
young master barked at every one sup«
posed to be against the bonds. ■
Attorney R. B. Tappan, one of the
Judges In the Twelfth Precinct, while en
deavoring to adjust a poster In the win
dow fell from the sill and injured his
right kneecap. The injury, however, did
not incapacitate him from performing his
duties. '
There were no arrests during the day
and the election passed off in a quiet and
orderly manner.
The success of the bond project means
that Alameda will have a new $65,000 High
School of modern equipment. The remain
ing $35,000 will be devoted to repairing
and enlarging grammar school buildings.
CALL SOUNDS
FOR MISSIONS
Episcopal Conference
Finds Need of Active
Work.
ROCHESTER, N. Y.. Dec. 7.-The Epis
copal Missionary Conference came to an
end to-night. In the opinion of prominent
divines It has brought out distinctly the
following things:
The Episcopal Church has a call to mis
sion work in Latin American lands; it
sadly needs young men for mission work
both at homo and abroad: its present sup
ply of funds for prosecuting its mission
work and for entering upon Its larger op
portunities is inadequate; the laity and
even some of the bishops and clergy are
responsible for the apathy which prevails
throughout the church toward missions;
the church. at large needs a revival, a
fresh baptism of the holy spirit and sys
tematic instruction in order that zeal for
missionary work may. be aroused, stimu
lated and sustained; the men of, the
church should be systematically organized
for the purpose of coming to the aid of the
missionary cause and sharing the burdens
which have so long devolved upon the
women and children.
The Right Rev. Peter T. Howe, bishop
of Alaska, said: ,
"We sadly need money for schools and
for helpers. * Wo are the only denomina
tion in Alaska that, trains the natives to
help us in our mission Wjork. We have
three hospitals in Alaska. We want to
build more, especially -onfi at Cape Nome.
Our native schools could be planted every
where, but we have not the money to
plant them." : .
Thrown From a ."Wagon by a Car.
Frank Jjawrence, an expressman resld- !
Ing at 2324 Folsom street, was unseated 1
from his express wagon by trolley car 1014
of the Folsom-street line at 6 o'clock last .
evening at the crossing of Nineteenth and
Folsom streets. He .was rendered uncon
scious by. the fall, and when he came to:
was taken to his home in a patrol wagon
of ' the Seventeenth-street police station.!
Pickpockets in Jail.
Detectives Hamlll and McMahon last
night arrested George - Harris and Kid
Drew, both well-known pickpockets, while
they were working a crowd in- front of the
Emporium. They will be held until after
the holidays. .','.-• :■ ., \\ v , ,
Bodgers Cutlery
The , English standard for . 100 years.
Carvers, pocket and table knives. Skin
ner'Co., 416 Market street. •
: — ■♦'■".
Opium Smuggler. Sentenced.
EVERETT, ; Dec. 7.— Henry Furgeson, a
notorious opium • smuggler, - was = to-day
sentenced to fourteen years in the peniten
tiary. It Is estimated. that -Furgeson has
smuggled $70,000 worth of opium into this
country during the past flve years.
DEATH CAUSED
BY ANESTHETIC
Patient Dies While Being
• Prepared for Oper
ation.
Case Is Placed in Hands of
the Coroner for an In
vestigation.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
ins Broadway, Dec. 7.
While being placed under the Influence
of chloroform preparatory to undergoing
an operation Mrs. Nellie Bell Sherer, 25
years of age, died suddenly this after
noon at her residence, 513 East .Twenty
fourth street. The patient was In charge
of Dr. A. It. Cunningham and Dr. H. J.
Lackey.
The death of Mrs. Sherer, who is also
known as Mrs. Nellie Bell MoChesney.
occurred suddenly and under such circum
stances that It became a matter for pub
lic Investigation. - The case Is now In the
hands of Coroner Mehrmann. That offi
cial will determine whether an Inquest
will be necessary after he has completed
his examination. ,
Mrs. Sherer had ■ been In . the doctors'
hands for some time. An operation for ab
dominal trouble having been decided upon
by the medical attendants, she was pre
pared for the ordeal to-day, arrangement*
having been made for the operation to be
performed at her mother's residence,
where she was staying.
Customary preliminaries were arranged
for the operation, which was of such a
character as to require the use of the
anesthetic. The patient, according to
the report to the Coroner, was examined
as to her ability to stand the anesthetic
and then the surgeons began to adminis
ter it.
' While the chloroform was being given
Mrs. Sherer began to show signs of dis
tress. The indications pointed to the
weakening of the heart under the effects
of the chloroform. Stimulants were ad
ministered, but no reaction could be se
cured, the patient succumbing from heart
failure.
When requested to give an explanation
of his connection with the unfortunate
case Dr. Lackey said: "I have nothing
1 to say upon the subject. If you want ln
; formation go to the Coroner."
PRESENTS MEMBER -WITH:
A HANDSOME GOLD FOB
Bay City Club Gives Smoker to Ban
O'Callahan in Appreciation of
Sis Service.
A smoker -was given by the Bay City
Club in its rooms, 441 Golden Gate ave
nue, last evening in honor of Dan O'Cal
lahan, a charter member, who has been
closely identified with the organization
for seventeen years and has done much
In placeing It in its present standing. A
large crowd of members and invited
guests attended the entertainment. Some
well known local amateurs offered their
services to complete a very enjoyable
evening.
President "William L». Day, after a neat
address. In 'which he spoke of 'what O'Cal
lahan had done for the club, presented
him with a handsome watch fob with the
emblem of the club engraved on it and a
diamond in the center. Refreshments
were served after the entertainment, and
the members rejoiced over the prosperity
of the club. The following is the pro
gramme rendered:
Peter Dunworth, tenor solo; "Will Ha
zleton, comic songs, assisted by Charles
Norman; Lloyd Spencer, stories and
songs; William McDonald, bass solo;
Richard Whelan, stories; presentation of
watch fob by the president. Henry L.
Day; William Barrett, monologue; Wil
liam Baudoin, barytone solo, "Sentinel
Asleep": exhibition boxing 1 contests be
tween H. S. Bates and W. J. Leonard,
feather-weights; D. A. Carroll and Sam
Berger. lightweights, and Fritz Wegener
and De Witt Van Court.
ACCIDENTS ON THE HYADES.
Two Men Fall Into Hold and Are
.Severely Injured.
Two accidents, one yesterday afternoon
and the other last night, occurred on the
steamer Hyades. and both. It is feared,
will result fatally. Both happened In
practically the same manner. In the "first,
which occurred In the afternoon, Percy
Karrington fell down the vessel's hold and
sustained a fractured skull. He will prob
ably die.
In the second, which took place last
night, Nicholas Smith fell down the hold.
His left thighbone was fractured and his
right hip was dislocated. He was re
moved to the Marine Hospital, where he
was treated by Dr. Digging. His Injuries
are so severe and the shock to his system
so great that It Is feared he will not
recover.
Charged With Stealing.
o o 1
:A woman about 45 years of age, elvlnsr
her name as Mrs. Curtis, was arrested In
Hale Bros.' store . last night by Special
Officer Green. It is charged that she was
detected in the act of stealing: a purse.
When placed under arrest she endeavored
to dispose, of the stolen article. She wan
taken to a rear apartment and searched
and a second purse was found on her. It
is thought this was stolen from some
other store. Mrs. Curtis wa3 sent to the
Hall of Justice, but was balled out soon
after her arrival.
Klaus May Have Iicft City.
Detectives McMahon and Wren have
been searching the city unavaillngly for
Max Klaus, who is wanted for the alleged
shooting by him of Frederick Ripplch on
Friday nlsht at a lodging house at Nine
teenth avenue and California street. The
row is said to have started over a woman.
The police have a pood description of
Klaus, but they think he has left the city.
Although Ripplch was shot' twice he has
been pronounced out of danger by his at
tending physicians. \
I NOT A DOLLAR NEED BE PAID I
g Dr. Meyers & Co. Will Wait for Their Pee Until Patient Is' Cured ®
J It is the rankest sort of folly to imagine ? — — — — — ©
that a weakness or an ailment will get well **ffRTSBHW o
© ivithout proper treainv^nt. ... jEgllsPra^!'. g
Ib is both dangerous and expensive to fe^^^^^^ ©
® treat with inexoerienczd doctor* or to at- WM y S
8 tempt to cure yourself luith frae trial treat- iS&d junr\*£f* O
merits, patent medicines, electric belts or ff>C raB[ O
q other dangerous stimulants. vm* a- A 1 *
O For nearly twenty years we have been fii^*<6y!8G3fr •
® curing contracted diseases of men, including f^^^^^F O
O contagious blood poison; also, lost vitality, gen- di\^n&^$L i °
© eral and nervous debility, varicocele, rupture, ®
S stricture, piles, diseases of the kidneys, b!ad- Jg_ __§
O der, etc. ""* . O
§ We are specialists in curing these ailments. We cure at any §
a '.stage. of the disorder and restore the patients as quickly as is O
• consistent with a permanent cure. Our remedies, which are §
Q always effective, but are never harmful, are furnished free to o
• our patients from our own private laboratory. §
g .Consultation and advice free at our office/Or by mall. Full ©
• information'and our private book, sealed, free. Home cures a O
• specialty. Remedies tent by mail or express. §
I DR. MEYERS & CO, 731 SS |
S . HOURS— 9 to 4 daily; Sundays, 9 to II. %
CORPSE LASHED
TO SEWER PIPE
Infant's Body Is Found
Near a Wharf in
Alameda.
Murder May Have Been Done
and the Police Will
Investigate.
AULMEDA. Docl 7.— Lashed fast with •
piece of sash cord to a section of terra
cotta sewer pipe, the dead body of a baby,
girl, apparently about two months old,
was discovered this afternoon by Fred
Johnson of the sloop Gazelle, tied up at
the Walnut-street wharf on the estuary.
Johnson first observed the remains from
the deck of his boat yesterday as they
were being washed about by the action
of the tide In the shallow water near the
shore, but says he paid little attention to
them, as he .then thought they were those
of a. drowned pup. To-day the body drift
ed In nearer to the Gazelle and Johnson
discerned that the object he first believed
was a dead canine was the corpse of an
infant. With the assistance of two boys
the little body was taken from the water
and Deputy Coroner James Fowler was
notified of the find by Wharfinger OltU
Zingg.
There was no clothing or anything on
the body by which It could be Identified!
neither were there any external marks
of violence noticeable. The remains are
those of a perfectly developed child. Tha
cord which bound the body to the sewer
pipe was tightly wrapped several times
around the dead Infant's breast.
Deputy Coroner Fowler said:
"This case appears very mysterious ta
me, and as there might have been mur
der done I reported the matter to Chief of
Police John Conrad, who intends to mak*
an investigation. I could detect no signs
of violence on the body and whether tha
little one died and was thrown into the
estuary or was tossed in alive and
drowned' It , Is difficult to say. I should
Judgro that the remains are those of a
child from six weeks to two months of
age. If It was an instance where a child
died and its parents were too poor to
bury it, I think it would have been more
likely for them to have Interred it secret
ly, rather than have It sink in the estu
ary. I have communicated with Coroner
Mehrmann and it is very probable that
an autopsy will be ordered to determine
the cause of death. I am of the opinion
that the body was In the water about
three days."
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
"WASHINGTON. Dee. 7.— Frank A. Cboser ef
Ohio, now supervisor of Indian school*, has
beea appointed a special Indian agent.
NEW YORK, Dec. 7.— Giovanni Besalo and
Doraencla Parove were found dead In bed In
their boarding-house to-day. They had. beea
killed by escaping Illuminating gaa.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 7.— Governor Yates eC
Illinois lunched with the President to-day and
It Is understood discussed with him the) po
litical situation In Illinois.
PHILADELPHIA. Deo. T.— B. J. Matthews,
president of the American District Company
and a prominent broker, tell from Bla hora*
■while riding near his home at Valley Forge to
day and broke his neck, dylnj almost Imme
diately. Ho was (5 years old.
CALCUTTA, Dec 7.— Tha punitive expedi
tion against the Mahsuds Is meeting with con
siderable opposition. After the British had
destroyed seven villages December 5 the Mah
suds reassembled and attacked tha former's
camp at niyht. Ten of thd British were kill*!
and fifteen wounded.
■ m ■
Apologizes for the Insult 7*.
BERLIN, Dec 7.— The Governor General
of Warsaw has officially sent regrets to
the German Consul General for the recent
attack by students upon the consulate
and has promised to replace the German
coat of arms with appropriate ceremonies.
Criminal proceedings have been Instituted
against the persona who took part In tha
demonstration-
President Bars All Politics .
DENVER, Dec 7.— The Post to-day says
that all Federal office-holders In this
State have received an order from Presi
dent Roosevelt to resign whatever posi
tions they bold In political organizations.
C. D. Ford, Register of the United States
Land Office, is chairman of the State Re
publican Committee and a dozen other
Federal office-holders are comxnltteemea
In the Republican carty.
Hevr Apostolic Delegate Named.
ROME, Dec. 7.— The Journal da Roma
publishes the announcement that Mgrr.
Scalabrinl, Archbishop of Flacenza. who
recently returned from a visit to tins
United States, will be appointed Apoatolla
Delegate at Washlnffton.
Lavs His Head on a Track.
"WTNFIELD, Kans.. Dec. 7.— A man In
whose pocket was found a card bearing'
the name of Edward R. McCoy committed
suicide at Wllmot, northeast of this city,
to-day bv laying his head on the 'Frisco
track. He was a stranger here and no
cause la asslsmed for the deed.
"When the barkeeper sets out Jess» Mooro
"AA" he elves the customer the best la tht
house. •
■ m ■
Licensed to Many.
OAKLAND, Dec. 7.— Licenses to marry,
were issued to-day to Frank M. Downing 1 ,
aged 23, Santa Cruz, and Ida Simpson, 22.
Watsonville; Joseph F. George, 26, Center
vllle, and Rose L. Gularte. 17, Haywards;
Robert F. Morrison, over 21. and Alice R.
Alexander, over IS. both of Oakland; Louis
Jensen. 32, and Eva Rosewood. 26, both of
Oakland; William S. Street, 21. and Mae
D. Smith, 20, both of Oakland; Andrew J.
Mussleman, 33, and Mra. "Veda McDanleL
40, both o* Oakland; John M. Hogran. 28,
Oakland, and Kate A. Eapan, 22, Rich
mond; Manuel F. Frank, 33, Rodeo, and
Caroline Lopes. 36. Oakland. .
3536
MUSIC LOVERS
WERE BUNKOED
Subscribers to Grand
Opera Season Are
Disgusted.
Methods of Manager Grau
Meet With Severe
Criticism.
Now that the grand opera season has
come to a close the p?ople of San Fran
cisco, who 'contributed so largely to its
financial fuccos*. arc •wondering: Jf they
have not been bunkoed. They have heard
much concerning fake prizefights, and
have repeatedly expressed their indigna
tion thereat, but when bunkoism is con
rsreted with art at $7 -a 'seat for the privi
lege of hearing prima donnas who be
came suddenly and mysteriously 111 at the
croda] hour, then lovers of music re
rignedly say to themselves that they
must put up with the whims of renowned
artists whose fame has been won In the
metropolitan centers of the Old World.
When the subject of a season of grand
opera in San Francisco with such artists
as Calve. Sanderson, Gadski, Sembrich
and Eames was first broached, the lovers
of Wagner and the Italian school of
music rapturously promised their support.
Here was an opportunity to hear the
most renowned singers of the world in
standard operas, which should not be
neglected.
But what a tremendous risk for Maur
ice Grau to transport such an array of
musical talent across the continent away
from the recognized musical center.
Would the wealth and musical culture of
San Francisco come to Grau's support?
Would it pay the prices asked to hear the
greatest exponents of the art of Wagner.
Verdi and the other composers? Would
i he venture be profitable enough to war
rant Grau In sending an army of high
ralaried people to the coast? These were
the questions which were asked, and ulti
mately answered to the satisfaction of
Grau and of those interested with him in
the great venture.
Successful Sale of Seats.
When the season was under considera
tion it was decided by Grau that if suffi
cient seats could be disposed of by sub
scription for three weeks he would send
his galaxy of vocal talent to San Fran
cisco. A local agent of recognized ability
v.as engaged to work up the season's sale
f.nd his efforts wore more than success
ful. Before three days passed the greater
part of the Grand Opera-house for three
weeks was sold out at fancy prices rang
ir.g from $50 to $10) per seat. The box
sale was enormously successful, several
of the boxes bringing in as much as $SW
for the season. This substantial recogni
tion of the virtues of Grau's aggregation
ADVESTISKBEENTS.
Piano Purchasers,
ATTENTION !
28 Grand and Upright
Csed by Artists of the GRATT OPERA
COMPACT Will Be OSered for Sale at
Largely Reduced Prices.
COMMENCING MONDAY, DECEMBERS
Old Instruments Taken la Exchange.
O , o
Amon* all the Instruments of re-
I nvtcned makers here and abroad I to-
I day prefer the 'Weber.
EMMA CALVE.
CLARK WISE & CO.,
41 GEARY STREET,
Cor. Grani Are.
THE MARTIANS
Ey Du Maurier. ■ r* a?
Published at ?1 50 Our price OOC
FIRE 0ND SWORD
By Elnklewicr. *
Published at \\ 00 Onr prtc« 4UC
DROSS
B7 Merrlmao. "yer
Published at Jl 60 Our price (OC
THE CRISIS
By Churchill. ' Ocr
Published at Jl 50 Our price OOC
THE HELMET OF NAVARRE
By Bertha Runkle. - CkCX'
Published at $1 60 Our price */OC
THE RIGHT OF WAY
By Gilbert Parker. «t» f —
Published at $1 60.. Our price <J> I tUu
THE MAN FROM GLENGARRY
By Ralnh Connor. <£•« /\»
Published at U 50.. Our price gliUD
ALL BOOKS CUT AT
COOPER'S
746 IIABKET STBEET.
We furnish homes, flats, w* m« ' * i ' * 1
hotels and rooming-houses We close at six, except |
complete. We have all on Sat ur<*ay. ; |
the latest designs in furni- * I
\ ture, carpets, curtains and T $?,r*d(8S "&**-£- I
\ draperies, and will gladly B« |JE eBllCfillL |
give you an estimate. _,_ m
Credit if you wish It. FURNITURE CO.. I
\ and free delivery within 338-342 POST STREET, |
150 miles of San Francisco. opposite union sauara. - ?; ;" |
MEMBERS OF EXCLUSIVE SET
ATTEND MANY BIG FUNCTIONS
Fancy Bazaar Is Held at Residence of Mrs. N. D. Ride
out=«Denman=Cheatham Weddings-Miss
/ Hellman Makes Debut.
MRS. N. D. HIDEOUTS beautiful
home at 1950 Washington street
was thronged yesterday after
noon with residents of this city
and vicinity. The occasion was
a bazaar given for the benefit of the Pres
byterian Orphanage at San Anselmo. The
success of the affair exceeded the expec
tations of the patronesses. Throughout
the day the residence was crowded with
society people, who purchased liberally of
the useful and beautiful things on exhibi
tion.
The various tables containing articles
of all kinds and descriptions were presid
ed aver by pretty girls tastefully gowned.
The little orphans In the home number
more than 100 and they will receive many
additional comforts through the thought
fulness of the ladles having the bazaar in
hand. Checks were received from many
quarters and when the funds are all in
many hundreds of dollars will be added to
the treasury of the charitable institution.
The kindness of Mrs. Hideout in throw
ing open her mansion to the charitable
workers was greatly appreciated. Her
servants lent their assistance and the
hostess was extremely gracious to all vis
itors. The rooms were prettily decorated
with greens, cut flowers and potted plants.
At the various tables were the following
ladies:
• Icecream table— Mrs. E. G. Dennlston, Miss
Ethel Hot hel. Miss Jean Pollok, Miss C. Huff
man, Mies J. Eastern, Miss. Lillian Moflatt,
Miss Florence Latham.
San Rsfael candy table— Mrs. F. M. Angel
lotti, Mrs. Thomas YYinlrlnghain, Miss Georgie
Wintringham. Miss Anna Foster, Miss Mabel
Dodge, Miss Marion Angellotti, Miss Milane
Lancet and Mirs May Dollar.
Candy table— Mrs. P. D. Brown, Mrs. A. W.
Jackson, Mrs. H. L. King, Miss Winifred
Leary, Miss Florence Marvin, Miss Alicia Mills,
Miss Winifred Morton and Miss Alice Jackson.
Children's table— Mrs. E. G. Frieble, Mrs. R.
R. » ail, Mrs. George Underhill. MIsb Llda Vali,
Miss Jean Pedlar, Miss Hazel Maydwell and
Miss Edith Latham. . >
Doll table— Mrs. Robert Dollar. Mrs. John
Dollar. Mrs. C. ' C. Stevenson, Miss Stitt and
Miss Majloch.
Alameda fancy table— Mrs. T. P. Tisdale,
Mrs. S. R. Chappel. Mrs. Julius Fox, Miss
Mary Smith, Miss Mamie Chappel and Mi s
Mary Parkhurst.
Twelfth night cake— Mrs. I* McLalne. ■
Apron table— Mrs. T. C. Pedlar, Mrs. H. M.
Cullberg and Mrs. Dr. E. L. Wemple.
Fancy table— Mrs. T. M. Stone, Mrs. Fred
Miller, Mrs. Percival Roberts, Mrs. Fredericks,
Miss Reed and Miss Weir.
Fancy cushions— Mrs. J. A. Weston, Mrs.
Frank Dalton, Mrs. J. C. Blair, Mrs. J. D.
Jessup, Miss Jennie Partridge, Mrs. Will Dal
ton and Miss Cole.
The patronesses were:
Mrs. N. D. Rideout, Mrs. P. D. Brown, Mrs.
L. .A. Kelly. Mrs. L. McLalne, Mrs. H. L.
King and Mrs. George Moffatt.
There was a meeting of the executive
and advisory committee of the George
Washington Memorial Association yes
terday morning at the Century Club. The
committee will devise ways to raise fif-
was made much of by certain of the press
which united In praising: Grau's enter
prise, and devoted columns to th© free
advertising of his musical stars.
The furor in local society increased
from day to day. Everybody who pre
tended to social distinction, and many
who did not, were determined to make
this an occasion for that ostentatious
show which, as Balzac says, is so dear
to the feminine soul. The services of mo
distes were brought in requisition, for new
opera gowns and cloaks were an absolute
necessity. Those that were used at the
opera last season were out of date, and
new costumes were imperatively demand
ed. Men who could afford the expendi
ture, and many more who could not, in
vested large sums for the adornment of
their wives, who read with delight on the
following day in the newspapers complete
descriptions of their charming: costumes.
It was a social triumph for many, but the
end is not yet- The collectors for the
cloak and garment makers who do busi
ness on the installment plan will be busy
for months to come, reminding their pat
rons that while the opera season comes
but once a year they are as perennial as
the summer's sun.
Hacks Were Much." in Need.
Another item that contributed to the dis
comfiture of society spouses was the ne
cessity of hacks to and from the theater
and petite soupers at the Palace and other
noted caravansaries. It was necessary for
the social standing of many that their
names should appear in the papers as
being one of a distinguished party which
discussed an elegant collation at some
bonton restaurant or other. All this sort
of thing costs money, and, added to the
price of opera seats, enough wealth was
disbursed in this sort of polite dissipation
to keep many of the participants busy for
the next six months in an endeavor to
even up scores." It is estimated that fully
$25,000 was expended for hack rides and
fancy menus during the pendency of the
season. While this may have benefited
the industries mentioned, there are many
who will look at a hack and an epicurean
menu with positive loathing lor some
months to come.
Finally came Grau and his troupe of
world beaters. They opened up business
at the Grand Opera-house in brilliant
style. It was a triumph of art and San
Francisco went wild. Calve was to ap
pear, but instead came the sudden an
nouncement that the greatest of Carmens
was ill— positively ill. This was the first
disappointment. Then followed the state
ment that Sybil Sanderson, the California
songstress whom everybody was desirous
of seeing, had partaken of poisoned meats
and was unable to meet her engagement
as scheduled. She finally recovered and
on her appearance as Mauon people won
dered what she was doing in grand opera.
Then came Calve to win a veritable tri
umph in a single performance during the
subscription season of three weeks.
Wanted More of Calve.
For the remainder of tha season th©
subscribers were forced to content them
selves with Gadski, Sembrlch and Eames,
all artistes of merit, but who alone would'
scarcely have enlisted the support of San
Francisco music lovers to the tune of
nearly $200,000 for three weeks of grand
opera. The subscribers wanted more of
Calve, but the failure of Grau to gratify
them in this respect aroused that spirit
of resentment which was to grow to posi
tive hatred before the end of the season.
During the last week of the season the
subscribers were treated to four repeti-
THE SAN- FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY,- DECEMBER 8, 1901;
teen thousand dollars to be devoted to
the erection of a George Washington Me
morial Institution in the nation's capital.
The building is to be a memorial to the
father of his country. It is to be devoted
to such uses as shall carry into effect
that object and purpose which the flrsl
President so earnestly desired- for, the
American people and which he endeav
ored to secure by a bequest in his last
will and testament.
The George Washington Memorial As
sociation has been instituted and organ
ized throughout the country to take up
and accomplish the great work of estab
lishing the foundation of tho National
University of the United States. This
national institution is not intended to be
a university for fundamental education,
but for original research, and all the de
partments, bureaus and scientific insti
tutions at Washington will be at the dis
position of the students, under reasonable
regulations, to facilitate this investiga
tion. It will have such relation to other
universities as the Berlin University has
to those of Germany.
California is expected to send $15,000 to
the central organization. The members
of tho organization in this city have
taken the matter in hand and expect to
raise the requisite sum in short order. A
number of subscriptions amounting s to
55500 have been received.
At the meeting yesterday it was decided
to give a grand colonial ball on the even
ing of Washington's birthday. Tickets
will be placed at a high figure and the
event will be a society one. The ball will
either be held at the Mark Hopkins Art
Institute or at the Grand Opera-house.
If held in tho theater a platform will bo
built over the chairs and the boxes sold
for very high prices. The advisory com
mittee is composed of the following well
known society people of this city:
Mrs. Eleanor Martin, Mrs. CharlC3 W. Slack,
Mrs. E, B. Pond. Mrs. H. J. Crocker. Mrs. W.
H. Mills, Mrs. E. J. Bowen, Mrs. Charles
Stetson Wheeler, Mrs. A. L. Bancroft, Mia.
i James S. Reid, Mrs. Halph Harrison. Mrs.
Horace Hill. Mrs. P. N. Lllienthal, Miss Mary
Lake. Mrs. Benjamin Ide Wheeler, Mrs. W.
B. Bourn, Mrs. Emma Shatter Howard, Mrs.
Irving M. Scott. Mrs. James Denman, Mrs.
John F. Swift, Mrs. Alexander Morrison. Dr.
Charlotte Brown, Mrs. C. T. Mills, Mrs. J.
B. Stetson, Mrs. L. L. Dunbar. Mrs. M. B.
Kelloggr, Mrs. A. B. Butler, Miss Ida Kervan,
Mrs. I. Lowenberg,- Mrs. J. L. Moody, Mrs.
George OuKcn, Mrs. G. P. Lemon, Mrs. M. F.
McGurn. Mrs. S. A. O'Neill, Mrs. G. S. Abbott,
Mrs. Kate Bulkeley, Mrp. Isaac Hecht. Mrs.
Henry T. Scott. Mrs. Henry L. Dodge. Mrs.
Ella Sexton. Mrs. William Alvord, Mrs. W. R.
Sn-.edberg. Mrs. Genevieve Baker, Mrs. Louie
Gerstle. Mrs. J. G. Brandt, Dr. Emma Sutro
Merrltt, Mrs. I. L. Requa.
The executive committee of the associ
ation is composed of the Following mem
bers:
Executive committee— Miss Sarah V). Ham
lin, chairman for California; Mrs. Phebe A.
Hearst, honorary chairman; Mrs. Willard B.
Harrington, Mrs. John F. Merrill, Mrs. F. G.
Sanborn. Mrs. William H. Crocker, Mrs. Louis
Sloss. Miss Annie Beaver, Miss Mary Kohl,
vice chairmen; Mrs. Warren Gregory, record-,
ing- secretary; Mrs. Horace Wilson, correspond
ing- secetary; Miss Jessie Peixotto. treasurer.
• • •
The International Dall Show that has
tlons, a delight they had not bargained
for. In addition to this the management
announced that "Tristan and Isolde"
would bo produced during the supple
mental season of four days. • Efforts were
made by .the subscribers to have th's
ultimatum changed and "Figaro"- substi
tuted, but without success. The "Meis
tersinger" was given instead, as was a
series of Wagner operas which General
Shatter .said he liked because he could
fall asleep at any time during the per
formance and on waking find that the
thread of the musical narrative was not
disturbed. To most of the subscribers
Wagner's wild muslp was an infliction
which was borne at any old price simply
because society was there and pretended
not only to understand but to enjoy the
jargon of bachannalian sounds. Grau
wns appealed to in vain to provide enter
tainment, with a little less of that inde
finable soul which the Wagncrltes declare
characterizes the work of their master
i^mim 11 has . tne effe °t of stunning the
sensibilities of those poor, uneducated
people to whom Wagnerian strains are
an affliction rather than pleasure.
. Grau's Bisk Was Not Great.
It now transpires that the risk taken by
Grau in bringing his stars here was not
of the magnitude claimed for it by his
enterprising press agent. It appears that
the Grau Grand Opera Company ia a
stock concern, with a capital of $250,000 of
which Grau owns fifty shares, and a num
ber of capitalists, including John W.
Mackey and others, the remaining fifty
shares. The company has a lease of the
Metropolitan Opera-house in New York
and It is its custom to send a company «m
tour every year. It is a business proposi
tion which pays well to its promoters.
Grau is manager, and in addition to his
interest in the profits as a share holder Is
allowed a salary of $25,000 a year and a
percentage of the receipts. Grau has
made the discovery that the music loving
people of San Francisco will pax almost
any price for something: which has a
metropolitan reputation and he is in the
business of supplying just what is de
manded.
But in order that he may be absolutely
on the safe side, he works the subscrip
tion Bcheme for all it is worth. Then,
assured against financial loss, he trusts
to luck to carry out his part of the agree
ment. Jf one of his stars becomes ill or
her voice cracks by reason of some slight
bronchial trouble, he merely makes his
excuses, shrugs his shoulders and ex
presses the hope that his prima donna
will soon get well. Tho subscribers' to
the season just closed were led to believe
that they would have several glimpses of
Calve and the rest of the show, but at
the last they were Informed by circular
that they might have their choice of seats
for the supplemental season of four days
by paying anything from $2 to $5 a seat.
During these few days Calve appeared
three times to packed houses. There was
method in this, for Calve drew $10,000 at
each performance and on each appear
ance she was paid $2500.
Subscribers Bef used to Pay.
About 75 per cent of the subscribers re
fused to pay the additional Bum demand
ed by the management for the privilege
of seeing Calve during the supplemental
season, and many vowed they would
never again subscribe for anything, to
which the name of Grau is attached.
It is quite likely that the music loving
folk of San Francisco will remember
the shoulder-shrugging indifference with
which Grau met all their requests after
he had their money safely stowed away.
The astuteness displayed by him in add
ing a supplemental season at which his
great stars appeared at reduced prices,
while his inferior vocalists were given
carto blanche at phenomenal figures for
a season of three weeks, may have re
sulted In increasing his bank account, but
it did not endear him tho more to the
class to which he must of necessity cater
when he brings hla aggregation of vocal
ists to San Francisco again. •■ That class
has set the seal of its disapprobation
upon such mountebank . methods, and if
Grau's next season here is a "frost" he
will have nona but himself to thank for
such a result. , .
That the Grau company has not treated
the San Francisco public with fairness in
the matter of charges for Beats is illus
trated by the advertisements now appear
ing in the Kansas City papers. Tho com
pany is to open in "Carmen" at the Con
vention Hall to-morrow night and the
prices for seats range from $1 to $3,: ac
cording to location. While it Is true that
the expense of transportation of a large
company to San Francisco is necessarily
large, still that does not justify a doub
ling of prices to hear singers who are con
tent to take what they can get elsewhere.
If Kansas City people, pay $3 to hear
Grau's stars, there, is no Justifica
tion for tho charge of $7 for the same
privilege In San Francisco. , This is an
other bill in the indictment against Grau,
and when he appeals to San l?*ranci scans
in the future he may learn to his cost that
he cannot twice fool the people here to his
own profit.- > .. .- . .
Boy Charged With Burglary.
, Frank Nell, a 15-year-old boy, was ar
rested early yesterday morning: by Special
Officers R, Sample and Frank Neal and
charged with burglary. The officers claim
that the boy stole a lot of tools from the
tool chop of "William Edwards at 109 Fre
mont street. ■ ..
been in progress in the Maple room of the
551*9? Ho ,tel came to a fitting close last
oX^ lv. g ' he attendance was very large
n~Sri* v °Une extremely heavy. An ex
™H u P r °8Tamme was rendered, after
J5«i5 an au ctioh sale was held. The bid
«rti S * w ? s *5 plrlted - and many dollars were
*»?£?- ?u the already large fund gathered
Mri35?V a " weelt - rrhe dolls wlu be
™n *. and sent back to Boston, rn the
SS r? 0I \ 18 tne beautiful California doll.
rn™£ °.? ular vote it was named "Ra-
t ,Til'°. T ™ ent > r • Minute Workers of St.
™i * Ulurch wlu open- a sale of odds
on T,?f^ appr S prIate for Christmas gifts
th«Tttffi y aft / rn oon- It will continue
k,,? fo , llowln e day. A number of de
bTea a? 7 11 , 1 ? reslde at the various ta
made u» }?& S , Church congregation is
this cUv a n^ he^ ea(ilns: society people of
clullvi L* d n, the me m b ers of the ex-
ThfnrJ 61 / 111 assIst tne worthy sale,
fv L P th C6 1 ds S re t0 be devoted to beautl
of^fe'socl^ty^^e™ 6 ChUrCh< The ° mcerS
M^Hpn 1 * rs -c PhIUp Caduc: vice presidents,
Mrs" A m T t\ Scott ' Mrs - Horace Piltebury.
Mrs' T^,,. -o Drown ' Mrs. Sydney M. Smith,
urer Mrl frrrott. *m. j. g. Clark; treas
reta^v Mr 4?, or & e ■ Kline; recording 8 ec
e creTa^ e r ?i r f. 1^ n^. I^ e c^ r ° rt = cor « s P ondln *
<£&& J £ mes Hall of Dawson enter
rt«l^ d AS?^ fl "y fiends at her resl-
1228 Pos t- street, last evening. The
Tain « S W^ 3 P lea £antly passed In games,
etc< An excellent musical pro-
1 C ,T W^ s ren dered and refreshments
ZrL?£ rve £- ¥ rs - Hal1 was assisted In
muJ rj 1 * , h y* lvB - Green, Miss Green,
f^-irf J P SSi ?xr Green Chandon and Miss
woro- : Wells - Am ° n S thoce present
T^i es «^ ae SulIlv an. Jessie Stelsll, Mamie
Towne Helen Land, Rose Towne. Querita Vln
n£™ , rtl £ de pltz S era 'd. Belle Donohue. Ella
lJesmond. Beatrice Turay. Mrs. Culbreth, Ethel
and Hazel Culbreth, Mr. and Mis. Anderson,
Mr. and Mrs. Devol. Caroline Bacon. Mr. Ba
con. Robert Dempsey, Albert Tyrcll. Kiel
btewart A j. Harris. Richard Hunt,. Louis
°,V,}X Rlter Packard. CJiarlcs Houseman.
A. T. Williams. T. W Wrlsht
Mr. and Mrs. Augubt Koehncke cele
brated their silver weddinj? anniversary
last evening at their residence, 2808 Green
wich street. A great many friends took
part in the festivities and numerous hand
some presents were sent the happy couple.
Sirs. Horace D. Pillsbury entertained
J>er friends at a matinee tea at her home,
-000 Broadway, yesterday afternoon. The
leathering was strictly a society one. From
4 o c!ock until dinner hour there was a
constant going and coming of the notables
of the exclusive set. Mrs. Pillsbury made
a charming hostess. She was assisted in
receiving by the following named:
Mrs. Augustus Taylor, Mr3. James A. Kobln-
Eon, Mis: J_culs Fimlley- Montfigle Mrs. Rew
ard McNear. Mrs. William H. Taylor Jr., Mrs
u alter S. Martin. .Mrs. Lawrence Irving Scott
Mrs. H. M. A. Miller. Mrs. Herbert Moffltti
Miss Sophia Pierce. Miss Kdllh McBean. Miss
Carrie Taylor. Miss Georgia Hopkins, MiSb
Olive Holbrook. Miss Bmlly Carolan, Miss
Edith Preston, Miss Hilda Van Slcklcnd, Miss
Pillsbury and Miss Daisy Van Ness.
The house was beautifully decorated and
the music was delightful.
• • • •
A euchre party . was given yesterday
afternoon by Mrs. Edward C. Landis and
Mrs. Charles Sharrocks at the residence
of Mrs.* Landis, 1121 Hyde street. The
prlzer. offered for the victors were novel
and pretty. Refreshments were served
during the progress of the games and the
guests enjoyed a delightful afternoon.
Among those who were present were:
Mrs. Victor Matthews, Mrs. E. W. Peabody,
Mrs. James Patrick, Mrs. George Smith Mrs.
S. P. Tugffle, Mrs. Walter Willett. Mrs. Hush
son. Mrs. H. G. Otis, Mrs. Frederick B Lake
Mrs. M, Curtis, Mrs. W. R. L. Campbell Mrs
Louis Danglada. Mrs. Unlph Holtt; Miss Ida
Voorman. the MIsae3 Rels, Miss Julia Mau
Miss Burke, Miss Lavlna Giestlng, Miss Daniel
Miss Tlllie Feldmann, Miss Grace Whitney'
Miss Clara Flood, Miss BesEle Knight
Miss Daisy Burns, Miss Mary Amos.'
Miss Geraldlne Bohen. Mrs. Burke, Mrs John
Hunt, Mrs. J. L. Deahl. Mrs. O. O. Ellinhouse
Mre. James A. Snook, Mrs. Harry Trevor Mrs'
William Lang. Mrs. Clarence B. Sloane' Mrs'
Howard, • Mrs. ■ Robert Knighton, Mrs E a'
Barnes, Mrs. J. F. Lilley, Mrs. G. C. Landis'
Mrs. William H. Stlnsdn, Mrs. John B Medau
Mrs. William H. Hammer. Mrs. H. C Tilden'
Mrs. Charles J. Bandmann and Mrs. Linda h!
Bryan.
More than a hundred guests crowded the
pretty home of .Mrs. T. I. O'Brien, at 1536
McAllister street, yesterday afternoon and
met Miss Olivia Verdon, the charming
nelce of the hostess. In whose honor a big
tea was given. Hollyberries, smilax and
flowers were tastefully used in the deco
rations. Miss Verdon was assisted In re
ceiving by the following named:
Miss Margaret Winters, Mrs. George C Sut
ton. Miss Margaret Ruddick, Miss Edith Morris
Miss Mary Cook. Miss Vallle Winters Miss
Bessie Bates, Miss Edna Cook and Miss Ger
trude Sullivan.
Miss Alice Maynell. the celebrated Eng
lish author and poet, will deliver a lec
ture entitled "The Treble Note," Thurs
day evening. December 12. at Century
Hall. 1213 Sutter street. The lives and
works of women who have helped to make
the literature of England will be consid
ered.
Miss May Denman and Colonel B. Prank
Cheatham, United. .States army, were
united in marriage last evening by Rev
Bradford Leavitt, pastor of the Unitarian
Church of this city. The ceremony was
performed at the home of the bride's par
ents, Mr. and Mrs. James Denman, 2318
Steiner street.
The house was beautifully decorated in
honor of the event Many friends of both
Kohler & Chase, Established 1850.
Some suggestions from the stock of
KOHLER & CHASE,
'where retail buyers have their choice from our wholesale stock.
Pianos===
, Largest stock in -'the -West-frtm the peerless KNABB to the lowest-
priced instrument. Kohler & Chase guarantee to give you the best value
for your money.^Don't buy until you have Been their stock and the won-
derful bargains they are offering for Christmas. New. reliable, guaran-
and Pianolas
Make ideal Xmas gifts, for all can play them. With their aid any on«
can render music 'artistically. Used by Paderewski. Sousa. Rosenthal and
in fact, all the great musicians. On exhibition daily at Kohler & Chase's.
Washburn Guitars, Mandolins and Banjos
& Chase are also sole distributors of the celebrated CHASE line. Just think'
I A beautiful mandolin you could present anybody for Xmas at the sbeeiai
holiday ; price of 85.00. special
laiiuug iuavOlIIwb . - ■
Kohler & Chase are the largest wholesalers and retailers of talking mn
chines on this coast. Their line includes the. EDISON PHONOGRAPw"
the best machine in the world; the Vitophone. ; the leading indestructible
. flat disk machine, and specially selected records, for all talking machined
Indestructible, Records for the Phonograph. Machines,
•- KNflBE AGENTS. "■'■ '■-•'
headquarters 26-30 0'FarreHSt.v« ANF RA^isco
FIUPINOS WANT
MORE TEACHERS
Secretary of Commission
Speaks of New
Conditions.
Natives Are Assimilating
American Customs
Rapidly.
Daniel R. Williams! secretary of the
Philippine Commission^ and who has just
returned from Washington, where he de
livered the first report of the commission,
ia at present staying with friends in Oak
land. He will leave on the next transport
to resume his duties in Manila.
Mr. Williams thinks that in time the
islands will become thoroughly American
ized. Speaking about the situation there
he said:
I regard the present situation In the Philip
pines as most hopeful. It was my good furtune
to visit over thirty-four provinces of the archi
pelago on the tour made by the commission
when organizing provincial governments. We
everywhere met the most cordial reception and
there can be no question that the people
are anxious lor peace and for the civil liber
ties and protection which the lav/s of the com
mission hold out to them. It is natural, of
course, that five years of war should leave
much of disorder and lawlessness, as was the
case in adr own border States after the Civil
War. In addition to the sufferings caused by
war over 75 per cent of the carabaos— the
draught animals of the islands— have died of
rinderpest, while swarms of locusts have de
stroyed the rice crops in many provinces. In
thirty out of the thirty-three provinces or
ganized by the commission, however, quiet
prevails and the people are once more taking
up their usual avocations. In five provinces
only — Batangas, Samar, Cebu, Bohol and La
guna—is there now any military activity.
When it Is considered that scarcely three years
have passed since the American occupation of
the islands, and but little more than two since
the outbreak of the insurrection, the showing
made" is certainly not discouraging.
Demand for American Schools.
In our tour through the provinces the first
request of the people was for public schools
and American teachers. They Imitate readily
and arc good linguists. It can safely be pre
dicted that within ten or fifteen years English
will be the prevailing language of the archi
pelago. With a common language many of the
misunderstandings which now necessarily arise
will disappear. The commission has had a big
task on its hands. It has had to construct a
government from the ground up, for the Span
iards bequeathed little that was of value either
in lav/s or morals. Some estimate of the
amount of work «fione may bj gathered from
the fact that In thirteen months something
over 283 laws have been passed. Every branch
and department ; of the Government has had
to be reorganized and started anew. The
promulgation of this legislation has had an Im
mense influence in bringing about a better un
derstanding between Americans and Filipinos.
Accustomed to being deluded, our professions
of good laith and upright intentions toward
them were regarded with such doubt and sus
picion that nothing less than a practical object
lesson would gain their confidence. This they
have received and are receiving. A municipal
code has been adopted under which the gov
ernment of the municipalities is practically au
tonomous. A act has been drawn
under which the Governor of the province is
elected by the Councilors of the municipalities.
> Public Moneys Spent by People.
All taxes collected from the people are spent
by them for their own purposes and In the
province and town where collected. The bal
ance of power is still held, however, by Ameri
cans. The courts have been reorganized. Judges
appointed and the whole machinery of Justice
put in motion along modern lines. In every
department the quickening and cleansing in
fluence of Anglo-Saxon ideas Is apparent. The
i Filipino Is quick to see where his own Inter
ests are concerned, and while the pace set may
be somewhat rapid for him at this time his
power of Imitation, his quickness and his de
sire to excel will Insure constant progress. It
may be slow work, but it is not hopeless work-
Mr. Williams was formerly connected
with the law office of Bishop, Wheeler &
Hoefler. . • He went to the islands as secre
tary of Professor Bernard Moses, and
about' six months ago was promoted to
his present position. .
■ -" ■ •
families were present and took part in the
festivities.
Promptly at 9 o'clock the strains of a
wedding march were heard. The beauti
ful bride was prettily gowned and was
escorted by her father to her place be
neath a huge floral wedding bell. She was
met by the groom and his best man, Wil
liam Denman, the bride's brother. Miss
Norma Preston was maid of honor and
the bridesmaids were Miss Medora
Cheatham and Miss Alice Cheatham 61
Tennessee, sisters of the groom. Kather
ine Redding was flower girl and Kenneth
Monteagle ring bearer.
The ushers were Thomas Ransome, Dix
well Davenport. Dr. Morton Gibbons. Fer
dinand Stephenson, "Worthington Ames
and Percy King.
Colonel Cheatham is a son of the lato
Lieutenant General Cheatham of the Con
federate army. Colonel, Cheatham has
served with distinction in the United
States army and is now on leave of ab
sence from his arduous duties in the Phil
ippines. The bride was a society belle and
extremely popular. They will, depart to
day on their honeymoon. The gifts re
ceived by the couple are handsome and
elaborate.
Miss Mabel Toy entertained seventy-five
lady friends at a euchre party at the So
roeis Club yesterday afternoon. The in
terior was tastefully decorated and the
young lady made an excellent hostess.
Miss Flora Hellman, the charming
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. I. W. Hellman.
made her debut Into society last evening
at a dinner party given at her parents'
home, corner of Franklin and Sacramento
streets. The gathering was a large one
and a delightful evening was spent by the
many guests.
MEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
$10,000 Donated
tft fflvonotism
Dp; X. La MotteSage. a Noted Scientist, Donates
§10,000 to Be Used for the Publication and
Free Distribution, of a Valuable Work
on Personal Magnetism and
Hypnotic Influence.
Wants to Demonstrate the Practical Value and
Power of This New Science in Business, In
Soc ; ety, in the Home, in Politics, in Love, In
Diseases and as a Factor in Influencing *
and Swaying the Minds of Peop'e.
Prominent Business and Professional Ken, Ministers
of the Gospel and Others Heartily Endorse
the Movement— A Noted College
Undertakes the Work of
Free Distribution.
Any One May Gst a Book Absolutely Free So Long as the Edition
Lasts and Master the Hidden Mysteries of This Mar-
velous Power at His Own Home— Many Jealously
Guarded Secrets Made Public.
Carnegie is giving away his fortune for
libraries. Dr. X. La Motte Sage proposes
to put the most useful book in all libraries
free of charge right into the homes of the
people. For this purpose he has just do-
nated $10,000, and a big publishing house is
busy day and night turning out the books
for free distribution- The book Dr. Sage
wishes to distribute free of charge is en-
titled "The Philosophy of Personal Influ-
ence." It Is heartily endorsed by the ablest
business men, ministers, doctors and law-
yers of two continents. It Is beautifully
illustrated with the finest half-tone en-
gravings, and every page is brimful of In-
tensely interesting and practical informa-
tion. It is a book which should be In every
home. It is by far the most remarkable
work of the kind that has ever been writ-
ten, and it has truly created a sensation
in the book world
It tells you how a wonderful woman In
England got millions of dollars simply by
the exercise of her marvelous hypnotic
powers over the lords and millionaires or
her country. It explains numerous in-
stances in which people have been secret-
ly and instantaneously controlled by hyp-
notic influence. It teaches you how to pro-
tect yourselves from the use of hypnotic
power over you. It tells you how to de-
velop and use your magnetic power so as
to wield a wonderful influence over those
with whom you come in contact
Men like Vanderbilt, Morgan, Rocke-
feller and other millionaires have studied
the very methods explained in this book
and have used them in their business to
pile up millions. This book lays bare se-
crets in the lives of rich men of which
you have never dreamed. It reveals all
the hidden mysteries of personal magnet-
ism, hypnotism, magnetic healing, etc.,
and discloses the real source of power and
influence in every walk of life. It contains
secret information of inestimable value to
every person who wants to succeed in life.
Many of the most prominent public men
in this country have obtained this book
and read every line, and they are daily
using its teachings to their own profit and
gain.
It explains to you the power by which,
you may cure yourself and others of all
diseases and bad habits without the aid
of drugs or medicines. It tells of a secret,
instantaneous method by which you may
produce a state of insensibility to pain in
any parts of the body, so that the teeth
may be extracted and surgical operations
performed without the use of cocaine,
ether or anaesthetics of any kind. It gives
you the power to induce sleep in yourself
or others at any time of the day or night
you may desire. It enables you to develop
your mental .faculties, improve your mem-
ory, eradicate disagreeable tempers and
habits in children, and to develop within
yourself a marvelous magnetic will power
so ptronc: and so subtle as to make you
practically irresistible. It will give you
a force of character of which you have
little dreamed, and will truly make you a
leader of men. No matter how strong this
description may seem, it is not one-half
as ctronsr as the marvelous power ex-
plained in this wonderful work.
If you have not achieved the success to
- OCEAN TBAVEIi.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
j^ Steamers leave Broadway
BL^ , • Wharf. San Francisco: .
|S5^l*»i. For Alaskan ports — 11 *- m -»
RstefclrS^vk—^ Dec 2 - 7 - 12 > 17 - 2 " - 7 - Jan-
Rasfe?^^ Change to company's ste&m-
: K*»?o*U^3 ers at Seattle.
REaSFiSerf-sil *"° r Victoria. Vancouver (B.
i : «£m c.). Port Townsend. Seattle,
J^ Tacoma. Everett and New
Wfcatcotn (Wash.)— 11 a- "».,
Dec 2 7 12 17 22. 27. Jan. 1. Change at Se-
aVt?; for this c^pany's steamers for Alaska
and G N. Ry>; at Seattle or Tacoma for N.
P T?? : it£lJ*$n%™££r?-A- m-; Dec
"For San Diego, stopping only at Sar.ta Bar-
bara, Port Los Angele? and Bedondo (Los An-
peles)— Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
Steamer State of pal.. Wednesdays, 9 a. m.
• For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Crux -Mon-
terey. San Simeon, Cayucos. Port Harford <l San
Louis Oblspo> Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ven-
tura. Hueneme. East Sao Pedro. San Pedro
and Newport-Steamer Corona. Saturdays. 9
*'For Ensenada. Magrdalena Pay. San Jo»" del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th of each
For further Information obtain the company* »
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing days and hours oJ sailing
without T>revlou« rotJre.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New - • Montgomery
street fPalace.Hotpn.
' GOODALL. PFTiKINS * CO.. Oen. Agents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
I O, R,S/V,CO,
'" Only S*^m=r» «l-»l-r> XjIxio *c»
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail L>ne from Portland to all
points East." Tbroufih Tickets to all
points.' all mil or stenmshin nnd rail, at
i IiO"WBST XCA.fTI3S.
STEAMER TICEET3 INCLUDE BERTHtad MEAL3.
ES. COLUMBIA Sails. ...Dec. 4, 14. 24. Jan. 3.
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
• , : Sails Not. 29. Dec. 9. 15. 23
Steamer sail* from foot of Soear St., 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Montg"y. S.F.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And Cia Sud Americana de Yapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, Pier 10.- 12 m. . -
CHILE (Twin Screw).. TUCAPEL Dee 21
Dec. 7AREQUIPA Jan. 4
These steamers are built • expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service
(No change at Acapulco or Panama). Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agents.
oceanic S.S.CO, shkb&s
_^-^ -.. ,,' , DIRECIUNE TO TAHITI
SS.ALAMEDA, for Honolulu...*.
' ••-• Saturday, Dec ii'^'n* m
S3. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Anckland
: and Sydney.... Thursday.^ Dec.' 26 10 a m
SS.V AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti.. ............. ...
J. B. SPHECKELS k BROS. CO., B«sraj Igwk 327 HariraSSt
which your abilities and talents Justly en-
title you, if you would like to secure a
good paying position, obtain an increase
in salary, if you car© to rise higher in
your accepted business or calling; if you
desire- to wield a greater influence over
others, if you care to win the love ojv
friendship of some one you know, or i£r r
you long for fame or renown, you should;
write for a copy of this remarkable book
at once.
The following extracts from a few of
the letters received from some of th© peo-
ple who have read the book give an Idea
of its unusual character and great value:
Mrs. Mary Milner, 312 D street. Pueblo.
Colo., In a recent letter says: "I was so
sick and worried I could not eat or sleep.
I wrote you for your free book. I used the
methods on myself with wonderful suc-
cess. To-day I am perfectly well. I would
not part with the information you r*ve
me for any money."
Mr. T. L. Undenstruth, SO East South
street. Wilkesbarre, Pa., says:. "Your
work on personal magnetism Is a fortune
to any one starting in life. It Is absolute-
ly sure to bring success."
A. J. McGinnis. 60 Ohio street, Alleghe-
ny, Pa., says: "When I wrote for your
book I was laboring by the day. Now I
am managing a business. This 13 certain-
ly the best proof that could be offered of
its great value. I advise every man who
wishes to succeed in life to get a copy at
once."
G. S. Lincoln. M. D.. 101 Crutchfield
street. Dallas. Texas, writes: "Your meth-
ods of personal influence are marvelous, t
have used them on my patients with won-
derful results. They cure diseases , when
medicine and every thing else fail."
S.. R. King, M. D.. Glllam. Ind.. writes:
"You have sent me the most remarkable (
book I have truly ever read. By the meth-
ods explained in your work headache, back- {
ache, rheumatism and. other diseases of
long standing disappear like magic. Your
instruction in personal magnetism is sim-
ply grand. It gives one a power and an
Influence over others which I did not
dream it was possible for the average man
to acquire. Your book Is worth more than
gold to any one starting In life. Its value
cannot be estimated. My only regret is
that it was not in my hands when I was a
young man."
The New York Institute of Science has
undertaken the free distribution of the
book referred to. Big roller presses are
running day and night to supolv the de-
mand until the J10.000 worth of Books an
distributed free. On account of the great
expense Incurred in preparing- and print-
ing this book only those are requested to
write for free copies who are especially
Interested and really and truly desire to
achieve greater success, obtain more hap-
piness, or in some way better their condi-
tion in life. Please do not write through
mere curiosity, as the free edition Is lim-
ited. If you want a book, write to-day
as the copies are going very fast. Never
before is the history of the publishing
business has there been such a great de-
mand for any book as to-day exists for
"The Philosophy of Personal Magnetism."
Remember at the present time It will
be sent to your address absolutely free
postage prepaid. Address New York In-
stitute of Science. Department 117 N, 1335
Broadway. New York.
OCEAH" TBAVEL.
TOYO KKEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan atreeta. at 1 n. n!
for YOKOHAMA and HOXCKONO. calllc, ai
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with •teamen tor
India, etc. No cargo received oa board oa
d».y of sailing.
6.3. NIPPON MARTI
s.s •AiiSucA-afliS 6 !?': »«^£*ir»n
R;«ndV«V*ticiVt^7 d^uc^^e^ &
£7^2* S nd P assa S« »PPly at company** ofsce.
4H Market utreet. corner First.
j W. It. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
tXW YOST. SCBTHAXPT03. LOHDOIf. PIXEL
Stopping: at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York "Wednesday* at 10 a. m.
St- -Louis.. Dec. IStZeeland Jan. ?
Philadelphia ....Dec. 2slst. Louis Jan. IS
Bt. Paul... Jan. ....Jan. 22
BED STAR LINBi
M«w York and Antwerp
From New York Wednesday at 12 noon.
Southwark Dec. IS *Zeeland Jan. S
•Vaderland Dec. 25 Friesland Jan. 15
Haverford Jan. 1 Southwark Jan. 22
•Stopping at Cherbourg, eastbound
INTERNATIONAL NAVIQATION" CO
_ , . CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Padflc Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
PANAMA R, R, S S ? 4
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIREGf.
Cabin. J103; Steerage. tiO; Meals Fre«.
S. S. ArjjyM «ails Monday. Dc«. 9
S. S. Leclanaw enJN Saturday, Dec. 2J
S. 6. Argyll sails
From. Lombard-street wharf at 1 p m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacinc Coast Agent.
COHPAGiriZ 6ZKSKALB TaAKSAH^STIQTIl
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ,^^.
Balling every Thursday. Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from plsr 42. mS&tZZS*
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havrj. J70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. J1S and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 33 Broadway (Hudson building). New
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pad So Coast
Agents. 6 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Ticket* sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
FOrITs. NAVY AND YALLEJ3
Btcamsra GEN. FRISBIB or MONTICSLLO
f :4» a. 1 - rn.. 1:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:43 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave*
Vallejo 1 a. m., 12:30 nocn. • p xn. except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m.. 4:13. p. m. Fare »*
cents. Teliphonn Main 1508. Landing and Jr
vl flee, pier 2. Mlaaloa-street dock. HATCH f
BROS. * rt .. - ■
WeeHy Can $1.00 per YearADVERTISEMENTS.
STRAIGHT FRONTS.
We hav« never told you about our corset orders; we have them and they
ere becoming more popular every year for Christmas gifts; there Is nothing
more suitable to give than one of our 53.00 straight front Redferns.
LADIES* HANDKERCHIEFS.
We have them, and a very large line to select from; some of the neatest
and daintiest things you have ever seen In lace and embroidery: prices ranging
from 5c to 53c each.
100 TK3T. LADIES' SHEER f LADIES' BLACK LISLE
LJXEN LAWN HAND- jjSftk \ \ FINISHED HOSE; sev-
KERCHIEFS. scalloped is?*if \Z* eral different styles of
a.nd embroidered: several jL*/ U?' * ace r^ s » ne Quality,
different patterns; zVJ^^^L i^' double heels and toes;
Price 15c each. *'/sSL_ >!s sizes 8% to 10-
=*> Do, LADIES' FINE (773^ !
SHEER ALL. LINEN // / WvtW/ £ LADIES' FINE BLACK
B^Rcmsrs. .» <,V^f I ss^^ssas
loped, embroidered and M\«/^J3 f or black with white feet,
lace Insertions, \rtth lace MJi ,n V^f W high spliced heels, double
edge; some of the neatest i*J! %■-- -^ sole and toes; sizes 8 to 10,
you have ever seen. Wl \ iv^-^ooi Price 25C DBF tld.ll.
VZ — LADIES' FINE BLACK
50 Doz. LADIES' FINE A straight front MACO CdTTON HOSE,
SHEER ALL LINEN CORSET for slender extra fine quality, high
HANDKERCHIEFS, self Jg^'dSStllytrim! *P llced hee1 ' double Bole
embroidered and seal- »>ed with lace and and toes; a regular 50c
loped edge, lace insertion to^M stocUln s: come 3 P airs ln
and lace edges, inches. ' a box -
Price 50c eacb. Si.oo. Price $1.00 per box.
$1.00. LADIES' COTTON RIBBON GIRDLE CORSETS, In Pink. Blue,
Black and TVhite. boned with Rust-Proof.
55.00. LADIES* HEAVY SATIN RIBBON GIRDLE CORSETS, in 'Pink,
Blue, Black, White and Lavender, boned with Whalebone.
Mail Orders Promptly Filled.
Crescent Dorset Co.?
742-744 MARKET ST., I successors to I 1157 BROADWAY,
SAN FRANCISCO. | FREUD'S CORSET HOUSE | OAKLAND - - CAL.
Master Mariners' Ball.
Th* Interior of Native Sons' Hall, dec
crated and Illuminated for the Master
Mariners' Benevolent Association's ball,
t given last evening, presented a beautiful
■ fpectacle. S. Lund acted as floor man
ager. The following committees assisted
In making the ball a success: Reception
committee— E. Henrix. O. Matson, N. C
Larsen, I* Foard; floor committee— P.
Rice, M. Thompson, C. T. M. Klitgaard,
M. M. Tuft, H. Haverslde, H. Madison.
M. Tyson, E. P. Tway, T. Thompson, C.
Foard: committee on arrangements— L.
Lund, O. Matson. P. Rice. C. Foard, E.
Henrix, M. Thompson, M. M. Tuft and C.
G. Akmann.
lettered in Gold.
Remember that we stamp your name In
Krold letters, free of charge, on pocket
books, traveling bags, cameras and all
fine leather goods purchased at our store.
Banborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
WTien In Rome most people are done
as the Romans do them.
Acceptable
Christmas Gifts
Special for Ooe Weel^.
One-quarter off our regular re-
tail price uporj the followiog articles:
Fur Boas, Feather Boas and Fancy
Lace Ruches for the r>ecK.
One-tbird off all our Imported
Pattern Hats. Hats of our own roal^e
and Walking Hats; Children's and
Misses' Jackets, Trjree-Quarter Coats
and Raglans.
One-fifth off all our Tailor Made
Gowns, Cloth Coats, Waists, Separate
Shirts, Wrappers and Kimonos.
... KING OF THEM ALL ...
w% v^ w% w /"w^
WALLACE,
219 Grant Ave.
For the Past Eight Years at
ooooooooooooooooooo»»«aoeocco90ooo«ooooooe
Holiday- Gifts gj
Men, Women and Children ¥? Sta^ S|
If not in stock, what \ fe^'^^
yOU Want — We'll make /
it for you. Our goods \ SWEATERS,
are the best and our SUITS
prices most reasonable. ) LEGGINGS _
1 ,' Ot Mackintosh, Jersey
If W^|©'jl r * y/-&jL;Ai ( In Silk, Woo!, Linen or
k| kjl kW nf/1 /SMwJhi ) Lisle for any member of
u-MiTBriMnnrt ) SPORTING GOODS—
MM! IUH llMb LU. ) For Tennis, Handball,
60 Geary Street, San Francisco. } Baseball, etc.
0
Mrs. Deffer Is Cared For.
Mrs. Louisa Defter, the unfortunate
woman who was found wandering on the
street a few days ago with her babe, has
secured a home in Oakland. Through the
thcughtfulness of Mrs. Lydia A. Prescott
of the Children's Protective Association
the poor, woman was given many com
forts. The story of Mrs. Deffer's condi
tion affected many charitable people.
Money was 6ent to her, and George May
erle, the well known optician, sent her a
check on the Crocker-Woolworth Bank
for $25.
Just received, another carload of those
Barter Odorless Oil Heaters that you hear
so much about. Nine sizes. Sold with a
money-back guarantee. Chas. Brown &
Son, 807 Market street, S. F. »
OTTAWA. Ont., Dec. 7.— The body of Mlsa
Bessie Blair, daughter of Hon. A. G. Blair,
Minister of Railways and Canals, and that
or H. A. Harper, editor of the Labor Gazette,
who were drowned while skating on the Ottawa
River last evening, were recovered to-day.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1901.
SOCIETY EVENTS
/V /7T| / T\ OW that the opera season Is
v" 'N \ over society matrons are
.A-l I planning: functions that
v I will keep the belles and
JLJ \y beaux on the go. The
. past week was a busy one.
The various clubs held re
ceptions, there were many
teas and a few dances. i
At this season of the year, when !
thoughts pf the poor and afflicted are
brought to mind by the nearness of
Christmas, bazaars, rummage sales and
doll shows fill a great part of society's
time.
The Fortnightly dance last Friday night
was the big event of the week. The ex
clupive set filled Cotillon Hall and spent
a merry evening. A great many social
events are scheduled for next week.
They Are Engaged.
The engagement of Gussle, daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. S. Green, to Ed Caro is an
nounced.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Bertha Lehmann of this city and David
E. Harris of Oakdale, Cal.
Mr. and Mrs. B. Getz of 213 Broderlck
street will hold a reception to-day, be
tween 2 and 5 p. m., in honor of the en
gagement of their daughter, Blanche, to
Arthur C. Franklin.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Mamlock announce the
engagement of their daughter, Bertha,
to Frank Lev/is.
Mr. g.nd Mrs. Henry London announce
the engagement of their daughter, Leo
nor, to Herman Lindner.
Mr. and Mrs. B. J. Triest of 1230 Post
street announce the engagement of their
daughter, Sophia, to Nathan J. Strasburg
of San Francisco.
The marriage of Miss Ruth Markey,
daughter of the late Henry S. Markey, to
Eugene Ashby Carter of Virginia will
take place Thursday evening, December •
12. Owing to the recent death of the
bride's father, the wedding will be very
Quiet. \
Announcement has been made of the
engagement of Miss Mary Roberts of Car
son City, Nev.. to Phil McGrath of Haw
thorn, Nev. The wedding is to take place
in Oakland during the holidays.
Mr. and Mrs. B. Getz of 213 Broderlck
street will hold a reception this after
noon from 2 to 5, in honor of the en
gagement of their daughter Blanche to
Arthur C. Franklin.
They Are Married.
On Thanksgiving: day* at the home of
the bride's parents, 1431 "Webster street, '■
Miss Bertha Lehmann became the wife of ,
David E. Harris of Oakdale. The cere- |
mony was performed shortly after 2 p. m.
by the Rev. Dr. Levy in the presence of
the relatives and intimate friends of the
couple.
The groom is connected with the John
M. Klein Electrical Works of this city,
and the bride is well known in local so
ciety. The bride was very pretty in a
gown of pale blue crepe de chene.
Among- those present were:
Mr. and Mrs. M. Lehmann, Mr. and Mrs.
S. Lehmann, Mr. and Mrs. John M. Klein, Mr.
and Mrs. H. Sayles, Mr. and Mrs. M. Loewen
thal, Mrs. B. Berg and daughters, Mr. and
Mrs. Sonnenbaum, Mr. and Mrs. M. Heineman,
Mrs. Steam, Miss Pauline Steam, Miss Flora
Harris, Miss Geiger, A. Lehmann. M. Cohn,
Miss Elsie Cohn, Miss Ella Jacobson, Abe Gyle.
Miss Eva Gyle. Mr. and Mrs. Joe Weber. Mrs.
Canpher. Mrs. Lizzie Jacobson, Mr. and Mro.
Samish, Mr. and Mrs. J. Xossen, John Stone,
Miss H. Levi, A. Jacobi, J. Jacobi. Dr. Max
Strunsky. Mr. and Mrs. Will Mentz. Mr. and
Mrs. Fred Thall. Mrs. E. Nathan, Miss Gussie
Harris, Professor R. E. Murtka. S. Rosener,
Miss L. Radden. Levi Harris, Mr. and Mrs.
Henry Harris, Sam Harris, Miss Esta Levi,
Miss Lena Moore, Ben Jacobs, Mrs. A. Abrams,
Mr. and Mrs. 1. Goldmeyer.
A pretty wedding was solemnized at the
residence of Mr. and Mrs. H. S. Prowse,
520 Sanchez street, on Sunday, November
17, when Miss Nellie Williams of San
Francisco was united in marriage to
George Aubery of Delano, Kern County.
The bride is the eldest daughter of Pearce
Williams of the Market-street Railway
Company. The groom is a stockraiser of
Kern County.
After the ceremony a wedding break
fast was served, after which the happy
couple departed on their honeymoon amid
a shower of rice and old shoes.
The following were present:
P. Williams, "Mr. and Mrs. George Aubrey,
Mr. and Mrs. H. S. Prowse, Clalr Livingstone,
Miss Mary Hlegel, Miss Mamie Tyler, Mrs. C.
Farrell. C. Farrell Jr., Harry Prowse and Andy
Prowse.
Mrs. Phoebe Samuel of Stockton an
nounces the -marriage of her daughter
Ann to Eli Pinner Sunday, November 21,
at noon, in Stockton.
Home Parties.
On Thursday evening, December 5,
friends of Mrs. John Robertson tendered
her a birthday party. The evening was
passed pleasantly. Among those present
were: Miss Ella La Belle Miss Lizzie
Armstrong, Mrs. John Robertson, Messrs.
Martin Dieckmiller. George Lawson, J. E.
Oliver and John Robertson.
An enjoyable dinner party was given by
the members of the Fourteen Club at a
downtown restaurant on Saturday even
ing last. Covers were laid for eighteen.
An impromptu programme was rendered.
Among those present were: Mrs. Angela
Wood, Miss Elsie Quedens, Mrs. Claribel
H. Kirby, Miss May Jefferson, Mrs. Alice
Taylor, Miss Lea Brough, Mrs. Genie *
Tully, Miss Hattie Lippman and Mrs.
Jesse H. Miller, Messrs. Fred H. Stanle,
Jack Cunningham. Will Yates, Phil J.
Neumann, Jesse H. Miller, Robert Duke,
Jack Hawks, Edward Moldrup and Jesse
D. Hannah.
A most enjoyable surprise party was
given to Miss Rena Douglass Saturday
evening at her residence, 2916 Pierce street. I
The evening was spent in music, dancing
and games. Dainty cards, on which was (
written the future of each one present, (
were the souvenirs of the evening. Among
those present were: Miss Rena Douglass,
John Wright, Marie L. Chesworth, Harry
B. Haley, Cyril P. Wood, Will Haley,
Grace Wright. Will Hyman, Alma »'Har
umberg, Alfred C. Petersen, Millie A.
Wright, Russell Wood, Grace Haley, H.A.
Marchand, Gwendolen Boyer and Frank
Douglass.
Mr. and 'Mrs. Charles Nonnenmann
were agreeably surprised on Saturday
evening, November 23, by many of their
friends and relatives and the singing so
city of the San Francisco Maennerchor,
who appeared to welcome them to their
new home at 630 Shottwell street, lately
purchased by Charles Nonnenmann.
In epite of the rainy weather there were
many present. At 10 o'clock the singing
club arrived and surprised the guests.
Dancing, singing and games were In
order. At 12 o'clock the guests sat down
to a sumptuous supper. After supper
dancing and games were resumed. Among
those present were:
B. Bailee, Hans Kroeger, Henry Bobsien,
Joseph Flacb, Mr. Duller. John Utschig, Mr.
Kerth. Ed Arendt, Mr. Herten, H. Franren,
Mr. Schilling, W. Stumme, Joseph Hallinan,
Lloyd Rickman. Albert Nonnenmann, Ch. Saur,
Gustav Nonnenmann, Josle McCarthy, Mr. and
Mrs. Charles Nonnenmann Sr., Mr. and Mrs.
Joseph Fetz. Mr. and Mrs. Bernhard, Mr. and
Mrs. de Artigues, Mr. and Mrs. Louis Nonnen
mann. Mr. and Mrs. Henry Nonnenmann, Mr.
and Mrs. J. Saur. Mr. and Mrs. P. Schenkel,
Mrs. W. Biggs. Mrs. Carrie McCarthy, Mrs.
John Bayle. Mrs. Hahn. Mr. and Mrs. Philip
Schoelles, Mrs. J. L. Rickman, Mrs. Albrecht,
Miss Albrecht, Miss Kitty Bayle, Miss Gussie
Hallinan. Miss Nellie Maxwell, Miss Barbara
Biggs, Miss Carrie Biggs and Miss Bertha
Nonnenmann.
A most pleasant gathering took place
Saturday evening, November 30, at the
residence of Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Delaney,
418 Francisco street, it being the fifteenth
anniversary of their marriage. The floral
decorations arranged in honor of the oc
casion were very pretty. The parlors
were draped in heavy ropes of smilax, in
terwoven with pink ribbon and surmount
ed by heavy pink satin bows. Over the
curtains were trailing strings of smilax,
and the mantelpiece was entirely covered
by pink carnations. The hallway and
dining room were also strung with heavy
ropes of emllax, relieved , by standing
Jardenlerea of Immense bouquets of pink
blossoms. The festive board was sur
rounded by smilax, relieved here and
there by pink 6atin bows. In the center
of the table stood an immense bouquet
of pink carnations, banked up to reach
the chandelier above. Mr. and Mrs. De
lanev led the march to the dining rooni
at 12 o'clock. Toasts, speeches and con
gratulations were the order of events till
2 a. m. Mr. and Mrs. Delaney were the
recipients of many useful and ornamental
presents in glass to commemorate their
crystal wedding. Those present were:
Mr. and Mrs. John J. Delaney, Mr. and Mrs.
A. Young, Mr. and Mrs. J. Murphy, Mr. and
Mrs. H. Mckowskl, Mr. and Mrs. P. Hayes,
Mrs. J. Runnels, Mrs. McKnew, Miss Belle
McKnew. Miss L. Mckowskl, Miss E. Steppen
bach. MlM M. Steppenbach. Miss M. Smith,'
Miss M. A. Soldate, Mies M. Lyons. Miss F.
young, Dr. Creagh, -H.> Walters, M. Delaney,
J. Leckle. T. Lewis, C. Preston, T. McGovern
and J. Mckoweki. . ;
The pupils of i Miss Bradley's School
gave a picture party December 6 at 523
Eddy street. Those who took part were:
Eve Bowden, Evelyn Baddely, Juanlta Ed
wards, Margaret Force, Lorena Mills, Orra
Fulton Claire Salamon, Gladys Rosenthal,
Ruth Howard, Hazel Hollingsworth, Weston
Merrlck, Edwin Amark, Frederick Hicks,
Homer . Gossett, George Hennessy, Oswald
Eglehardt, Charles Langrsdorf. Harold Gold
stein, Calvin von Staden, Sydney Slusher,
Lloyd Glendenlngr and- Harold Gilson.
Miss Clara Zwleg was hostess on the
6th inst. at a delightful dinner given at
her home. 2597 Howard street. The dec
orations were all in pink. Those present
were:
Mr. and Mrs. A. S. Hammersmith (ne« Tlllle
Ohlandt), Miss Clara Zwelg, Henry Ohlandt,
Miss Freda Ohlandt. Bert L. Davis, Miss
Bertha Zwelg. Percy M. Bailey. Miss Elsie
Hammersmith and Walter Zwelg.
Club Parties.
The friends of the California Keramlc
Club members are looking forward to the
annual exhibit and social which Is to be
held by the ladles of the organization In
the Maple room of the Palace Hotel on
December 11 and 12.
A dinner and reception was tendered to
Haverley's Minstrels on their arrival,
Sunday, November 17, at the residence of
George Garden, and the following Thurs-
Gday evening, November 21, a party was,
given and an elaborate supper' was served
at midnight. Those present were: Mrs.
E. Garden, George Garden, Miss Addle
Nisbet, Perrin Somers, Miss Daisy Mo-
Dermott, Rudolph Kopka, Helmer Gar
den, George Morgan, Annie McGulre,
Francis Sutherland, Stella Smith. Gus
Lewln, Mamie McCall, Oscar Murphy,
collie McDermott, Ray Wagner, Edward
Smith, Cora Smith, William Pearl, Katie
Sherry, William Schooley, Kittle Kerri
gan, Jack Cullen, Mollie Tribly Walde,
Clarence Cooper, Alvina Winterlee,
George Zweifel, May Morse, Hermann
Marlon, Edward Bryar, Annie Walth
mann, Walter Walling, Gustav Strum
berg, Emma Esterberg, Frank Clark,
Carl Garden, Pearl Gillett, Maurice Selgel,
Oscar Garden, Maud Coggins, Philip
Munz. Nellie Phillin, Mr. Wilson. Carl
Smith, Tillle Walde, Charles Newqulst
and Mr. Dempsey.
Despite the Inclement weather a fair
number of members attended the meeting
of the Country Club held with Miss Jullen
at Masonic Home, Decoto, on Tuesday
last. Several papers were enjoyed. Miss
E. Whlpple gave one on "Firemaklngr and
Foodgetting" and Mrs. Liddeke on "Bas
ketry and Pottery." Miss Partridge of
the Corona Club, San Francisco, added
greatly to the interest of the afternoon
with a paper on "Heredity." The music
was furnished by Miss Julien, who ren
dered two vocal solos to the delight of
many, who were unaware of her musical
ability.
Battery D, First Battalion Artillery, N.
G. C, gave one of its regular monthly
hops last Monday evening at the armory,
815 Ellis street. The success of the affair
was largely due to the untiring efforts of
the members of the Ladles' Auxiliary,
among whom Mrs. Farless, Mrs. Whitney,
Mrs. Hlteman. Mrs. Mund, Mrs. Munson
and Miss Brown are the most active.
A concert will be given this evening in
Verein Elntracht Hall, 237 Twelfth street.
The committee having the affair in hand
is composed of C. Wedemyer, A. Wittrock
and J. Martin-
San Francisco Parlor No. 49, Native Sons
of the Golden West, will hold its seven
teenth anniversary ball in Native Sons'
Hall on Saturday evening, December 14.
The California Ceramic Club will hold
its annual reception in the Maple Room
of the Palace Hotel December 11, from 1
to 10 p. m., and December 12, from 10 a. m.
to 10 p. m. Lovers of art will have an op
portunity to view much new and beauti
ful work done by the members of the club
during the year.
Personals.
Mr. and Mrs. Sigmund Schwabacher
and their daughters. Misses Mura arid
Stella Schwabacher, will entertain, their
friends at a grand ball to be given at the
San Francisco Vereln on ..Thursday.even
ing. Dece'mber 12.
Miss Annie Horwitz of New York will
be pleased to see her friends at the resi
dence of Mrs. A. L. LeszynskI, 1126 Eddy
street.
Mrs. Cheeh of 1265 Castro street, Oak
land, invites all Oberlin Colege students
and friends to an informal social at her
home Monday evening, December 9.
Miss Gertie Holland has gone to Los An
geles to meet her sister, Miss Mollie Hol
land, on her return from Europe. After a
tour through Southern California they
will return to San Francisco.
Mrs. D. Mucha has moved from 935 Mc-
Allister street to 1208 Golden Gate avenue.
Mrs. L. H. Levy (nee Pechner), formerly
of Fresno, will be at home to see her
friends the last Wednesday of each month
at 1257 Clay street.
Miss Mary Genevieve Moroney left Sat
urday morning for the East, where she
will remain indefinitely. She accompanied
the De Young party as far as New York.
Mr. and Mrs. E. F. Baroth have depart
ed on a trip through Mexico and the
southern part of California.
Mrs. H. Hamburger will be at home the
first Friday of each month.
Mrs. W. Wolfe, 1213 Pacific avenue, Ala
meda, will be at home the second Wed
nesday of each month.
Among those seen at the opera last
Wednesday evening were Miss Susule
Ricnards, Miss Lillian Hanscom and N.
M. Hanscom. Miss Richards was robed in
pink mousseline de sole over pink taffeta,
made becomingly decollete. In her coif
fure was a dainty white aigrette set with
diamonds. Miss Hanscom was gowned in
i a creamy white point d'esprit over blue
1 satin. The corsage was made high necked
, and elbow sleeves.
Madame von Meyerinck entertained Mr.
I Damrosch and Mr. Blspham at dinner last
I Monday evening.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SUPEmFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed by
DR and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE. Donohoe
building, 1170 Market street, cor. Taylor, rooms
28-29,' with the electric needle without pain or
scar; permanency guaranteed; hours 1 to 4 p.m.
■ ■• . . ■
ABSOLUTELY WITHOUT
• RESERVE, LIMIT OR SUBTERFUGE.
MONDAY • • December 9
AND DAILY AT 2 P. M.
331 Post St. p^.,
COME, SEE AND HEAR.
Then you will know that Rugi are really cell-
ing: at your own prlets.
SPECIAL EVENING SALH THURSDAY,
FRIDAY and SATURDAY at • O'CLOCK.
M. B. MIHRAN.
Radway's
Pills
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable/Causes
perfect digestion, ■ complete absorption and
healthful . regularity.
For the cure of all disorders ot the Stomach,
Liver, Bowels, Kidneys, Bladder, Female Ir-
regularities, Sick Headache, Biliousness, - Con-
stipation, Piles and all derangements of the
Internal Viscera. - 25c a box. At Druggists, or
by buUUz ■ rR^DWAY ft CO., New Yorl^
- /NEWMAN" & I^EVINSON. ; ___
=?== #£^^ — If
A Big Sale of Flannel Waists
At $4.50 instead of $5.50, $6.00 and $6.75
Commencing to-morrow, Monday— Hundreds of choice Flannel Waists go on sale — Goods we
have just received— the patterns, materials and styles are new— -distinctly different from anything
we have ever shown — The best of this season's productions are here in French Flannel — Russian
Crash— Prunella and Henrietta cloth— some are buttoned in the back and some in the front — all In
such desirable colors as :
Rose, Cadet, Royal Blue, Garnet, Black, Gray, Green M Navy Blue, Cardinal, and Kile.
Not a waist in the entire offering worth less than $5.50 and Takes reachjip to $6.7>
Sale Price* cpA.CO cac^.
Holiday Suggestions
At our store, gift buying becomes easy buy ing — scores of pretty and useful
articles for Christmas Presents are here— If you are in doubt what to buy, pay
us^ visit— On every floor, at every counter, abound helpful hints, that cannot fall
to facilitate selection.
Ideal Gifts in Decorated Glassware
No such wonderful collection has been gathered anywhere; they are here in all sorts of pretty
shapes,' beautifully decorated, embracing Vases, Bowls, Perfume Bottles, Wine Sets, Smokers Sets,
Writing Sets, etc. . .
Bohemian Glass Ornaments $2.25, $2.50, $3.25 and up to$ 0.00
Tiffany Glass Ornaments.. 7-5O, 8.50, 9.50 and up to 15.00
Lonhuda Glass Ornaments •• 3- 2 5» 3- 8 5» 4°o and up to 9.25
Opal Crystal Ornaments 30, .65, .90 and up to 2.00
Choice Ebony Goods Gun Metal Novelties
The variety which we have received this sea- The display of genuine gun metal goods,
son surpasses all former assortments — all are ex- comprises every variety of article useful or
quisitely decorated with Sterling Silver. ornamental, which is made of this handsome metal.
Hair Brushes $1.25 to $2.25 each Match Boxes $4.25 each
Military Brushes 3.00 to 3.50 pair Pocket Knives 2.15 each
Cloth Brushes 1.25 to 2.00 each Pencils 1.95 each
Hat Brushes . 65 to 1.25 each Pen Holders ....: i-soeach
Also sets containing Brush, Comb and Mirror. . Also Card Cases, Coin Holders, Cigar Cutters,etc ,
Gloves for Everybody Feather Boas
Men, Women, Boys and Girls in Holiday Readiness .
A profusion of stylish and durable gloves of Of all the beautiful holiday goods none make a
every sort, possessing every genuine quality more useful or desirable gitt — we never had such
known to the glove trade. " - . a fine collection — all fashionable colors are here.
Kid Gloves for Ladies $1, $1.25, $1.50, $2 a pair Boas 1% yds long $10, $11.75, $13.75, and $15.50
Kid Gloves for Gents $1, $1.50, $1.75. $ 2 a P a i r Boas i# yds long $18.75,520.75, $23.75 to $60
Useful Fine Values in
Triplicate Mirrors Pin Cushions
In a magnificent assortment — some round, some Beautifully painted by hand and prettily trimmed
square— others oval— all handsomely mounted — with lace — come in all kinds of shapes — prices
prices, from $1.7$, *4-O0» $5.50 to $12.00. range 85c, Si.oo, S1.25 and up to $5.00.
I (~*\ rcm Orr1f=>rQ are an easily purchased gift — You don't have to know
vJUr VJlOVC v/I LiCFo tj, e s j ze or co j o? . o f glove when buying an order — The
recipient makes her own selection when she chooses— and if gloves are not desired, the order will . be
accepted at any department in the store.
Mail Orders receive prompt attention — Our new illustrated Catalogue free,
!= \Kearny and Suiter Streets]
NEWS OP STATE LAND
AND WATER TVTTT.TTIA
Target Practice for Field and Staff
Officers of the Fifth Infantry
Regiment.
The field and staff officers of the Fifth
Regiment of Infantry will have their
final pistol shoot for the year at the
range of Company G, Alameda, to-day.
Major D. A. Smith. Fifth Infantry, will
preside at an election for second lieu-,
tenant In Company B, Fifth Infantry,
San. Jose, to-morrow. ' • '
Lieutenant Hunter and Private Mc-
Comas of Company I, Livennore, have
been ordered to appear before the exam
ination board of the Fifth Infantry as to
their qualifications as first and second
lieutenant, respectively.
An election will shortly be ordered In
Company F. Fifth Infantry, to fill a va
cancy caused by the acceptance of the
resignation of Captain Bennett.
Lieutenant Commander Douglas White
was in Mew York yesterday as the repre
sentative of Cantain Nerney of the Naval
Militia at a meeting of militia ofiflcers on
board the United States ship New Hamp
shire to discuss the suggestion of Presi
dent Roosevelt to organize the naval
militia of the several States Into a na
tional naval reserve.-
Captain Nerney has Issued orders for
January to the effect that all officers of
the Naval Militia must perfect themselves
In the manual of drills. He has also or
dered the establishment of a school of
instruction for the commissioned and the
petty officers. During that month there
will be military drill with one-pound
Hotchkiss guns. - '
During January there will be several
elections in the Naval Militia to succeed
officers whose terms • will expire. . > .
The crew -of the Marlon will be taken
in cutters towed by the ship's - steam,
launch to Harbor "View to-day for tar
get practice. .
Lincoln Belief Corps Inspected.
Lincoln Relief Corps No. 3 of the auxil
iary to the Qrand Army of the Republic
was at its last held meeting inspected by
Department Inspector Lou M. Tripp In
the large and beautiful hall of Lincoln
Post, where the floor work of the corps
was exemplified to advantage. The other
work of the corps was also well per
formed, especially that of the treasurer,
secretary and color-bearers, that of each
officer being almost faultless. There were
many visitors from ' other corps present,
and all had a pleasant evening. This
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
CAUSE. OE FALLING HAIR.
Dandruff, Which Is a Germ Disease-
Kill the Germ.
'Falling hair is caused by dandruff,
which Is a germ disease. The germ In
burrowing Into the root of the hair,
where It destroys the .vitality of the hair,'
causing the hair to fall out. digs up the
cuticle In little scales, called dandruff or
scurf. You can't stop the falling hair
without - curing , the dandruff, and you
can't cure the dandruff without killing
the dandruff germ. "Destroy the cause,
you remove the effect." ;Newbro's Herpl-
clde Is the only hair preparation that kills
the dandruff germ. Herpicide is. also a
delightful hair dressing. ' ■
corps has taken an increased interest in
the charitable labor in which it is en
gagred, having lately added many to its
ranks, who promise to be willing workers
In the cause. Under the direction of the
new officers, who are soon to be Installed,
it Is expected that the corps will during:
the next term surpass all previous rec
ords. Mrs. Mary J. Parollni, who for
some, time has creditably filled the posi
tion of press correspondent for th*> mms.
geoooooooeeoeeooooeeooooooooooooooooooaoooooo
• s
I i
• Made to order, London Dyed, S
J Elegantly Finished, Fit Guaran- g
5 ■ teed. •
e 2
I A Special Offer for the Holidays. 8
I - • I
I H. LIEBES & CO., i
J INCORPORATED, g
| 133=137 Post Street, S. F. I
J o - We call attention to our endless J
8 . . variety of Fox Neckwear, Capes, 8
o . Collarettes and Scarfs of every o
g description at Popular Prices, g
Seeeeoeootoooooooooaoooeoeoeooooooooooooooooo
will retire from that position at the end
of the present term, as her duties will
not allow her the time to continue fur
ther In that position.
Transcontinental Freight Bureau.
The Transcontinental Freight Bureau
will hold an Important meeting la this
city the early part of next month. The
specific date has not yet been announced.
3738
ADVERTISEMENTS. .,.....;.,...
ococoococo©c©o©ooooo(»©oo©o<»oci©oe©oooo»ooooo
CITY IdjKfcPARIS]
Dry Goods Company. |
WELL TAILORED SUITS I
$20, $25, $30 and $35 |
Every week brings its novelties and this veeK it is new shapes fn g
WOMEN'S STRICTLY MAN-TAILORED SUITS fn eton, blouse and Jacket O
styles; lit and finish unsurpassed. Latest novelties fn materials and ellccts 9
vill b: shown, to sell at prices that are simply vnappro'chablc, and to J
please the most lastidious. •
SHOWSMGS FOR DECEMBER.]
LADIES' SATIN COATS are LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS In &
neatly made garments and slllc. net, velvet, broadcloth •
artistic novelties. and cnevIot by art|lt|o de- •
*«*~ »— w brk , and |
been pronounced a decided newest successes. g
hit. LADIES' WALKING SUITS and •
RAGLANS AND ULSTERS In Skirts In the season's most S
22k£i.££ V Z33U£ ' -«raot,v, and m o,t a d -|
fitting make a most attrac- vanced novelties Invite com- J
tive showing. parlson. O
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, §
SE. Comer Geary and StocVtoa Streats, Union Square. *
Send Orders by Mall or Express. O
OOCOOCGOOGCOOGCCOCOOOOOOQCeSCOOCeOOOOOOOOO©
Little Tryphina Entertains.
That bright little 12-year-old Companion
of the Forest. A. O. F.. Trypnina Pritch
axd, the pet of Loyal Circle and In fact
cf nil members of the order, on the night
of the 4th lnst. gave an entertainment for
the enjoyment of the members of the
circle named. 6he arranged the pro
gramme, secured the talent and during
the evening acted as mistress of cere
monies and discharged the duties of that
position without the least embarrassment
and in a manner that surpassed the ef
forts of many older in years and experi
ence. "With one exception her talent was
all juveniles and the features of the pro
gramme were a fancy dance by Miss
Martha Davis, recitation by Miss Frances
Brown, violin solo, Miss Gladys Couth, and
recitations by Little Tryphina. She gave
"The Polish Boy," a place that required
feeling and dramatic poses to render it
properly, with all the force and effect that
was Intended by the writer, her voice be
ing strong and clear in passages and
modulating to tho soft yet distinct in pa
thetic passages. She was loudly ap
plauded and as an encore gave "Joshua
and the Mouse." demonstrating her abil
ity to do as well in the comic line as in the
highly dramatic. Her mother, Mrs.
Pritchard. entertained with the rendering
cf \wo dialect selections. A -programme
of dancing followed the entertainment.
II Going' to buy a piano for II
|| somebody's CHristmas? II
■ jj Then get an instrument that will give the recipient satisfaction. In
| A piano you can depend upon. Don't take chances, come here, I
*■ where you're safe, where you can get a piano you know is a \
\ good one. jj
' Everything is marked in plain figures. We arc open evenings
and vn believe we can save you money.
| Sohmcr Piano, artists favorite $600 to $1,000
; Byron Mauzy Piano, home manufacture 450 to 600 1
Lester Piano, grand tone 400 to 500 I
Hamilton Piano, mandolin attachment 350 I
Spielman Piano, very substantial 3oo 8 1
A New Piano, special I75 a I
■ SPECIAL BARGAINS II
These pianos have been slightly used: |1
One Sohmer . . $450 B I
One Sohmer v • . • 409 * " |
Two Byron Mauzy . * 350 f
Two Hamilton "» ' • . 250 ~" I
Two Dunham - ... , 150 a
\ One Weber - .' 1-25 I
One Chickcrmg - . . 100 I
One Hallet and Davis - • 50 I
Small Pianos The Cecilian self- |
! J|i||||]| for PWing piano J
( 4||||§SSgf i Without doubt the best I
I jp£^PJ^Ii 1 a pi an o player in the mar- j
merits. Small prices in the East and in I
but great tone. Europe. $250. I
V BYRON MAtJZIT
il OPPO5ITE UNION SQ.UAREJJ1
; $16 .25 SAVED.
tt^^^^^S^^^^^^^^*^^^ We have 6000 Maynard Carbines
rggg£g|g^ggg*>^ Avhlch cost the U. S. Government $18
» npjece, and we aro Relling- them for
E»^sp^^ $1.75 apiece. These puns are in per-
' ? b n o d SSKf-iSSft at "Vyf anS 6^^^^- 10^^^
ft^HffW" hY^an^herchS «2
Irmnni h^ J °??y, "^ then conclu <3« you did not want ft vou'd pet
your money back without a word. 2fl f!A"RT r RTTV3."P!3 travv' vrrrrnxT ■ ■
EVEEY MAYNAED SOLD. CABTBIDGES ■ EBEE WITH
MORE SAVINGS
■ | W. S ; KIBK, 517 Market Street, San Francisco.
Independent Foresters.
At the session of Court Yerba Buena of
the Independent Order of Foresters the
following: officers were elected for the en
suing term: J. W. Keller. C. R.; W. H.
Forester, V. C. R.; W. L A very, R. S.; L,.
Fitzgerald, F. S.: Louis Metter, T.; E. C.
Stock, O.; N. TV. Cuthbert. organist: R.
Volkman, S. W.; F. Hammers, J. W.; W.
Sutter, S. B.; I. Birnbaum, J. B.; Dr. H.
M. Beck, R. Volkman and E. C. Stock,
trustees; A. J. Fritz and TV. H. Forester,
F. C. The memorial service that was to
have been held in memory of the late
treasurer, K. Petroschka, was postponed
and at the next meeting a comlttee will be
appointed to arrange a programme appro
priate to the occasion.
2Tew Leathers and New Ideas.
Ladies' purses for this season have had
unusual attention from the artists. Some
of the designs displayed by Cooper & Co.,
the Market-street stationers, are ex
tremely novel and the jeweled mountings
are artistic in the extreme. •
HELD FOR. GRAND LARCENY.— F. R.
Dewey was held to answer before the Superior
Court by Judge Cabaniss yesterday on the
charge of grand larceny in $1000 bonds. Dewpy
ls accused of stealing a valuable gold watch
from R. Oliver Trvlss. a saloonkeeper of Stock
ton, In a saloon on Ellis street on the night of
November 25.
THE SAN P?P?JMBEB 8, .1801
OIL SUPPLANTS
COAL AS FUEL
Many Big Local Con
cerns Now Burn Oali
- ■ - •
fornia Petroleum.
Outlook for Growth of New
Industry Decidedly
Encouraging.
■ i
In a list Just complied by Secretary C.
T. Deane of tho California Petroleum
Miners' Association the firms and com
panies that are burning California petro
leum for fuel in this city are named. If
there were no other literature relating: to
the oil Industry at this time, this Hat
would show to what extent coal la being
superseded for the making of power in San
Francisco. Incidentally the Indorsement
of these many responsible concerns sup
plies an excellent guarantee for the
growth and permanency of the industry
when tho obstacles -that are due to a
greater supply than demand and the de
moralization in prices caused by haste to
market at any rates for ready money are
overcome.
In Secretary Deane'a list are all the
San Francisco parties who have been
granted permission between May 22, 1899,
and November 18, 1301, to handle oil fuel
In this city. Railway companies, manu
facturing plants and many leading enter
prises not before mentioned axe now us
ing oil fuel in preference to coal. Cheap
ness and convenience and neatness are
the incentives for making the change in
the fuel used. The complete list la as
follows:
Large Showing for Oil Consumers.
American Fuel and Power Company, Ameri
can Tool Works, Alcatrax Asphalt Paving Com
pany, American Steel and 'Wire Company,
Abrahamson-Heunlsch Company, American
Fuel ana Power Company, American Crude Oil
Burner. Bowers Rubber Company, Bay City
Brick Company, California Glue works, Cen
tral Light and Power Company, California
Street Cable Railway Company, Cascade Laun
dry Company, Crocker Estate Company. Cali
fornia and Nevada Ice Company, California
Fruit Canners' Association, . Consumers' Ice
Company, California Wine Association. Cali
fornia Saw Works, California Canneries Com
pany, George W. Caswell & Co., California
School of Mechanical Arts, City Street Im
provement Company, California Hotel, Cali
fornia Woman's Hospital, California French
Laundry, Abner Doble Company, Z. U. Dodge,
M. H. de Young, Deming-Palmer Milling Com
pany, Eureka Laundry Company, Enterprise
Brewing Company. Electric Laundry Company,
Fair Estate, Fairchild & Gllmore, Fulton En
gineering and Shipbuilding Works, ferry-boats
Oakland, San Pablo, Thoroughfare, Transit
and Tamalpals, D. - Ghirardelli Company.
Golden Gate Distilling Company. Golden Gate
Compressed Yeast Company, Golden Gate
Woolen Manufacturing Company, Guggenhime
& Co., Hearst Oil Company, Joshua Hendy Ma
chine Works, J. Downey Harvey, Haywards
Laundry Company, Independent Electric Light
and Power Company, M. J. Keller & Co., King
Keystone Oil Company, Palace Hotel, Lane
Hospital, La Grande Laundry Company, Lach
man & Jacobi, Legallct-Helwig Tanning Com
pany, G. R. Lucy Company, Merchants' Ice and
Cold Storage Company, Miller & Lux, Market
Street Railway Company, Martel Power Com
pany, McPhee Company, P. McLellan, W. J.
Martin, Mission Soap and Candle Works, Dan
iel Meyer, New England Soap Company, P.
Noble, National Brewery, Neustadter Brothers,
Oil Storage and Transportation Company. Oriel
Glass Works, Olympic Club, Olympic Salt
Water Company, Oil Saving Fuel Company,
PaclHc Sheet Metal Works, Pacific Oil Supply
Company, Pacific Power Company. George W.
Pennington & Sons, Pacific Oil and Lead
Works, Pacific Refining and Roofing Company,
Pacific Packing House, Presidio and Ferries
Railway, Producers' Oil Storage Company,
Pioneer Varnish Company, Pacific Coast Bis- i
cult Company, Pacific Vinegar and Pickle
Works. Phelan building, Risdon Iron Works,
Rufflno & Btanchi. San Francisco Brick Com
pany, San Francisco Breweries, Limited, Jo
seph Scheerer, San Francisco and San Joaquln
Valley Railroad. Standard Oil Company, San
Francisco and Pacific Glass Works, San Fran
cisco Gas and Electric Company, Spring Valley
Water Company, Stauffer Chemical Company,
Simmons Font Brick Company, 8an Francisco
Candle Company. Sutter Street Railroad Com
pany, C. R. Spllvalo & Co., Southern Pacific
Company, San Francisco Savings Union, St.
Luke's Hospital, F. E. Seidl, St^- Nicholas
Laundry Company, steam schooners Albion,
Llndauer and Olympic, SL Nicholas Hotel,
Standard Shirt Factory, tugs Hermosa, Pren
tUs, Richmond and Vallejo, San Francisco
Timber Preserving Company, Emma Spreckels
building, F. Thomas Parisian Dyeing Company.
Tubbs Cordage Company, United Oil Producers 1
Company, Union Iron Works. Vlavl Company,
Vermont Marble Company, Wllgus Manufactur
ing Company. Wunder Brewing Company.
This makes a very good showing for
two years, the period since the first per
mit to use oil fuel in this city was grant
ed, for there are represented 126 ; of the
leading enterprises of San Francisco,
practically all the street railways and ell
the great manufacturing plants, with
many of less size. When oil reaches th9
price of $1 per barrel delivered, it will
still be cheaper than coal and will hold
Its own as a fuel, while it will give the
stockholders In the oil companies some
dividends on their investments.
The Mining and Engineering Review
say3 that there are 'only two Texas oil
companies whose stock is above par but
there are thirteen in California.
■According to the Bakersfield Callfor
nian, the shipments from the Kern Coun
ty fields in November amounted to 23C4
carloads.
I#os Angeles Is Overstocked.
The Los Angeles Express says: *
What to do with the oil is now the problem
that faces the oil producers ' of Los Angeles.
The pumps have been kept going and wells
have been deepened until to-day there is a
surplus In production over consumption of SO -
000 barrels a month, and there are thirty-flvp.
rigs at work deepening wells in the local field
Charles Victor Hall has over 10.000 barrels of
oil stored In the field, the utornge company ha«s
its tanks filled with th« surplus, and the oil
continues to flow out of the ground as If the
market was short instead of overstocked. The
storage company can store 175,000 barrels in
its tanks and the total amount on hand over
and above what is needed to fill contracts is
to>-day nearly 150,000 barrels. The price has
tumbled until all the contracts have been filled
and the producers now face twelve months of
price cutting and Inactivity unless something
Is done on »oma of th« many refinery schemes
on foot. Nearly every clique of oil men In tho
field has a refinery scheme on foot. There are
no less than six new refining companies being
organized and from one extreme to the other
the oil men are at their wits' end to find a
hole to crawl out of. v
The Bakersfield Californian reports that
there is a probability that the pipe line
for the Sunset district will be begun early
next year.
The Kern County Courthouse Is now
heated with oil.
The Government returns of. exports
shows that the quantity of American pe
troleum that was sent abroad in October
was 89,476,865 gallons, a decrease of 3 712 -
196 gallons as compared with the expor
tation In October, 1900. For ten months
of the present year, as compared with
tlie corresponding period last year the
showing is a gain in exportation of illum
inating oils amounting to 56,594,439 gal
lons. The total exportation of the illumi
nating oils for the first ten months of
this year waa 616.011.167 gallons. The ex
portation of crude petroleum fell off to
the extent of about 12,000,000 gallons in
ten months.
The Greatest Shoe-Buying Opportun
ity of the Tear.
Beginning to-morrow, the Bee Hive
Shoe Co. will Bell all their celebrated $3 50
shoes for IL65. This Is by all means tho
beBt bargain In Bhoes ever offered. Mind
you, men's and ladles' fine kid shoes
Btyllsb. up to date, worth $3.50, for $1.65 a
pair at the Bee Hive, 717 Market streot
near Third. ■ ■ - ■■ ■ . .-. *
An Insolvent Druggist.
Creditors of A. W. Mosely of Suaan
vllle, Lassen County, filed a petition yes
terday In the United States District Court,
praying that he be declared an Insolvent
debtor. They state that on November 12
of this year he transferred all his prop
.erty to Daniel Cramer, a creditor, with
the Intention of preferring him ■ over tho
rest. The petitioning firms aro the Lang
ley & Michaels Company. MlchaelitBchke
Bros. & Co. and Clinton E. Worden & Co.
Little Gold Clocks.
Another large shipment of our superior
gold-plated, clocks, candelabra, candle-
sticks, candle vases, ornaments, etc: San-
'born, vail & Co.,, 741 Market street. ' ♦ '
WILL DISCUSS
TIMELY TOPICS
Local Pastors to Speak
on a Variety, of
Services to Be Held in the
Churches of This City
Many Interesting sermons will . be
preached In the churches to-day.
Rev. A. C. Bane of the California-street
M. B. Church will preach this morning
on "Sin," and In the evening on "Greac
Love, Great Sacrifice, Great Salvation."
Rev. F. M. Larkln of Grace M. E.
Church- will preach thl3 evening on "All
Men's Comrade."
F. A. Keast of the Epworth M. E.
Church will preach this morning on
"How to Maintain Pentecostal Conditions
in the Church," and in the evening on "A
Knowable Religion."
Rev. John Stephens of the Simpson Me
morial M. E. Church will preach this
evening on "The Modern View of an An
cient Doctrine." -
Rev. }T. W. Lloyd of the Richmond M.
E. Church will preach this morning on i
"Soul Satisfaction," and In tne evening j
on "Protit or Loss."
I Rev, Milton D. Buck of the Trinity M.
E. Churcn will preach thia mornuij vu
i "What Keeps Men ivrom churcii," and
in the evening on ".Danger 111 Sight v£
Home."
Kev. Frank K. Baker of the First M.
E. Churcn will preacn this morning on
"The Greatest Ambition ol a Great Man,"
and In the evening on ''The Xoung Man
us an lueal Worsmper."
"bacramont" is me subject of lesson
at the .first Church of Christ this morn-
Ing.
j*ev. George C. Adams of the First
Congregational Churcn will preach this
morning on "What .Does ifour City Need
Most?" and in the evening on "Tiie Val
ley of Baca."
Kev. William Rader of the Third Con
gregational Church will preach this
morning on "The Fruits of the Spirit,"
and in the evening on "Julius Caesar."
Kev. E., A. Woods of the iJ'irst Baptist
Church will preach this evening on "A
Little While."
Rev. E. H. Avery of the Westminster
Presbyterian Church will preach this
morning on "Conformed or Transformed,"
and in the evening on "Tne Glory of
Christian Heroism."
Kev. Philip Coombe of the Richmond
Congregational Church will preach this
morning on "President Roosevelt and His
Message." and in the evening on "The
Gospel in 'The Man From Glengarry.' "
Rev. E. J. Harper of the Centenary M.
E. Church will preach this morning on
"The Invisible Conflict," and in the even
ing on "Portraits— No., 1, The Doubter."
Kev. J. W. - Sullivan of St. Paul's
j Church will deliver the second sermon of
the course during Advent this evening.
The title is "Shrinking."
To-morrow, the Feast of the Immacu
late Conception, there will be a solemn
high mass in the cathedral. After mass
the Archbishop will give the papal bene
diction and a plenary indulgence to all
who have complied with the general con
ditions.
A solemn high mass will be celebrated
at, the 10;30 o'clock mass in the morning
at St. Ignatius Church. Rev. Father
Butler will deliver the sermon; in the
evening there will be solemn vespers, ser
mon by Rev. Father Mahone and solemn
benediction.
Rev. Henry E. O'Keefe, C. P. S., will
preach tho second of his Advent dis
courses at the 11 o'clock mass in St.
Mary's (Paullst) Church this morning.
The discourse will be "The Two Sons."
The evening services will consist of the
rosary, full vespers and a sermon on
"The Immaculate Conception" by Rev.
Father M. P. Smith, C. P. S.
This afternoon at 2:30 o'clock a number
of aspirants will be consecrated Children
of Mary in St. Francis Church. At ves
pers Father Oneslmus, O. F. M., will
preach upon "The Immaculate ConceD
tlon." ■ •
Rev. Ernest Baker, D.D., of ' Oakland,
will speak before the mass-meeting of
the Young Men's Christian Association
to-morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock on "Men
of Mind, a Study of Faith."
Rev. T. Brown of the A. M. .E. Zion
Church will preach this morning on
"Come and See." and in the evening on
"The Thanksgiving of the Nation."
Injuries Result in Death.
John Churchill, who received a fall at
625 Pine street on November 4, died yes
terday at the City and County Hospital.
Churchill was taken to the General
Emergency Hospital and treated by Dr.
Malaby for a contused wound of the left
side and possible internal injuries. Two
days later he was sent to the City and
County Hospital, where he died from
pneumonia. An Inquest will be held.
MISCELLANEOUS.
THE LIVE MUSKOX.
Will be exhibited to-day on the east side
of Stanyan street, between Halght and
Page streets, opposite entrance of Golden
Gate Park. It can also be seen Sunday
evening and Monday and Tuesday at 427
Bush street, opposite the California Hotel.
This muskox is the only one ever seen
outside of the Arctic regions. It is con-
sidered a rare curiosity because none of
its species has ever been captured before.
This animal is not far from.18 months old
and weighs about 800 pounds. It was cap-
tured Jn March of this year somewhere
on the barren lands east of Lyngton Bay,
a branch of Lady Franklin Bay. some 700
miles northeast of the Mackenzie River,
taken by a party of Esquimaux Indians.
The animal now is completely tame and
is more docile than an ordinary domestic
cow. though it is much larger for its age
and looks ferocious.*.' The Indians at this
time killed eighteen full grown animals,
which included the males and females.
Three of last year's calves were captured
by them, one being badly wounded, and
the other two not being harmed. The
one that was wounded died of Its injuries
and the mate to this one was killed, by
the Indian dogs at HerscheMslands. /
The great value attached to thlB animal
is that it inhabits a portion of the earth
which has never yet been visited by hu-
man beings. In air the records of the ex-
plorers, Nansen, Perry and others, who
have visited those northern regions In
search of the north pole, each day their
logbook r notes what they have seen and
found in the most extreme northern re-
gions, and the muskox at all times la; en-
tered in a prominent place in those rec-
ords, which shows that, as far as we
know, the muskox inhabits all the coun-
try In the circle bounded by the north
pole. If there is land at the north pole,
there is no. doubt that this animal lives
there also.
Owing to the extreme difficulty in. reach-
ing these lands, no live specimen is to be
found on the face of the earth from those
regions, except the muskox which is now
on exhibition. Considering this and tho
fact that actually there is not, -nor ever
has been, an animal captured_and brought
from those regions before, this animal Is
a rare curiosity which all should see.- .
. In addition to this, there is also on ex-
hibition. at 427 Bush street some rare' and
• valuable curiosities'. from the. Arctic re-
gions which are possessed of great inter-
est. The price of admission- Is a very
popular one, namely. 10 cents. As stated
above, -the muskox will be on; exhibition
to-day at the entrance of. Golden Gate
Park and. later at 427 Bush street. C. D.
Ladd; Manager. -
! CUT PRICES !
I STILL PREVAIL! j
•®./' .■ ■ .' ■ : S
m Notwithstandin? it is the height of the season we shall offer our O
• SPECIAL PRICES in order that every one may be suited in QUAL- O
• ITY and PRICE. These prices will maintain our reputation as beinc O
• the LOWEST PRICED HOUSE on the coast, quality considered. The g
• reliable •• -- .. ©
] GOLDEN GATE !
[CLOAK and SUIT HOUSE j
• > will offer this week at CUT RATE PRICES ®
• - ' . . ■ ■ ; o
• 500 TAILOR-MADE SUITS, the very latest styles of Eton. New •
• Blouse, Norfolk and Box Styles, elegantly trimmed and hand- g
2 somely tailor-stitched. . CUT PRICE $1O.OO, $12.&O. $15.00. •
!? Jpl7.50, 92O.OO. Were $12.50, $15.00, $20.00, $22.50, $25.00. g
• 75 BROADCLOTH AND VENETIAN TAILOR SUITS, first-class %
S workmanship, perfect in every detail, with fine quality Taffeta p
a ' Silk Drop Skirt or silk-lined throughout. CUT PRICE. ?25.OO, ©
q ?3O.OO, $35,00. 'Were $32.50, $37.50,. $4500. a
S 50 CHILDREN'S KERSEY COATS,. silk-lined throughout: sizes 6 to •
• 12 years, cut to 9O.OO, ?7;OO, f 8.OO. Were $8.00. $q.oo. $10.00. O
2 100 FINE CHEVIOT AND VENETIAN DRESS SKIRTS, hand- •
• somely trimmed, with extra quality lining. CUT PRICE. ?4.OO, •
• 95.00,97.50,98.50,910.00. Were $5.00, $6.00, $8.50. $10.00, 5
J $I2.5O. •: ©
• 150 TAFFETA SILK PEAU DE SOIE AND SILK GRENADINE 2
S SKIRTS, fancy trimmed, very stylish, cut to 912.5O, 915.OO, Z
J 916.5O, 918.50, 922.50. Were $15.00, $18.00, $20.00, $22.50, 6
• $27.50. . " •
'• • ' .' .■■: ■ —
I Open Evenings Till Christmas. I
• ■ ■ • o
| 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET. |
AMTTSEMSSTS.
*TIVQL8*
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
"DON'T FOROETi THE COMING WEEK
IS THE LAST OF THE CLEVER
CHILDREN." ,
POLLARDS
AUSTRALIAN
JUVENILE
OPERACCX
TO-NIGHT—
A GAIETY GIRL
Week of Dec. 9th— First • Time In this city of
the Famous London Hit,
EVERYTHING NEW AND NOVEL!
A TREAT FOR OLD AND YOUNG!
MONDAY, Dec. 16th— Grand Opening of the
Favorite,
THE TIVOLI OPEIU COMPANY.
POPULAR PRICES— 23c. EOc and 75c.
Telephone— Bush 9.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
LAST TWO NIGHTS OF
The CrusUrf Society
Week Beginning: TO-MORROW (MONDAY)
. EVENING.
MINNIE SELIGMAN
In Sardou's Great Play,
"A WIFE'S PERIL,"
Mad* Famous by Lily Langtry.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 13c, 25c, 60c, 75c.
. . Good Orchestra Seats AH Matinees, 25c.
GRAND aPERA-HQUSE. speciau
FRIDAY AFTERNOON, DECEMBER 13/
"V At 3: 15 Sharp.
Under the- AusdIccs of the
San Francisco Symphony Society.
PAUL STBINDORFF, Director.
Orchestra of Fifty-Five Musicians.*
GIULIO MINETTI, Concertmelster..
RESERVED ■ SEATS. JIB, $1, 75c and 60c.
On sale, at- Sherman, Clay & Co.'s next Tues-
day morning at 9 o'clock.
STARTING TO-NlfJHTT ONE WEEK
WITH— 1U lNlUrllt i MATTSAT^V
■ The .Young Romantic Actor,
S. MiERlMNJili
. NAT GOODWIN'S GREAT SUCCESS, . . ;
THE COWBtiY AND Trtt LADY.
By CLYDE FITCH Author of "Barbara '
' Frletehte.''. etc.. etc.
Complete :N. Y. Knickerbocker ■ Tlieater Pro-
r duction— Beats Now Selling.
NEXT— SUNDAY. DEC. 15. THOMAS .TEF-
•FERSON, - Present! ng on a -Magnificent Scale
"RIP VAN WINKLE." .
' _ •■BEATS ON. BALE THURSDAY. ; ': >' J
JOSEF HOFMANN
. THE RENOWNED PIANIST, •
I In ' San Francisco and California Cities Weeks
;■ ot February 3d and 10th.
Addrens HENRY WOLFSOHN, Manager, 1S1
Ea«t 17th St.. New York. , , - :
VUbUmDIA LEADING THEATRE
TO-NIGHT %5Z
THE FAMOUS FUNNY FARCE.
The Girl From Maxim's
Hiiii MONDAY
Every Night. Including Sunday.
Season's Most Delightful Musical Offering.
America's Foremost Comic Opera Comedian,
JEFFERSON
DeANGELIS
In the Enormously Successful
OPERATIC NOVELTY,
Written by Chas. Klein— Music by Win. T.
Francis.
Presented by a SUPERB COMPANY, including:
Henry Norman Helen Byron
Charles Dungan Adella Barker
Edmund Lawrence Gertrude Mackenzie
John Dudley Adine Bouvler -
Frank M. Kelly Alice Maud Poole
And 50 others.
Complete N. Y. Broadway Theater Production.
MAGNIFICENT STAGE SETTINGS.
BEAUTIFUL COSTUME EFFECTS.
BELASCO AHaTHALL&jfotftf!?
MATINEE TO-DAY— 10c. 1S«. 25c.
TO-NIGHT. Last Time. THE
STREETS OF NbW YORK.
See the Great Fire Scene.
PDTfFC EVenlngs ioc to Me
rillvCd Matinees ioc. isc, 23o
TO-MORROW EVG— All next week.
Chas. S. Blaney'a Great Melodrama,
The Electrician
;ftVH BAT R r^A >
BELASCO A THAW, .Manager*
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT-"AN ENEMY TO THE KINO."
TO-MORROW (MONDAY).
The Successful Comedy.
"CHRISTOPHER JR."
Presented by the
EXCELLING ALCAZAR STOCK CO.
. Regular Matlneea Saturday and Sunday
Seats on sale viz days In advance '
PRICES— 15c. 85c, 85c. 60c and 75c.
NEXT-"THE GAT MR. LIGHTFOOT."
BASEBALL.
all=ame¥cans vs,
The Champions of California
i TO-DAY AT 2:30 P» M.
RECREATION PARK.
GENERAL ADMISSION, 25 CENTS
Entire Grandstand* Reserved. 25 cents.
• LADIES KREK TO GRANDSTAND. "
FISCHER'S co ncert \house.
■ - !(\r.
MME. CHARITY MARTIN: John Desmond:
the Four Lerners: Blanche Reynolds- Kalacra-
tu»; .Dunnins and Grimm:. Oro. Bernard and
OrD * ?? d .. Hlnr £ sh ".l Op =l 1 «'tr». ■ Reserved Seat*
C5c. Ilatlnec Sunday. w«»»»
• Vert Commence? THIS AFIEB- |
0 NOON, December 8. o
| abjlTthmjsTju^Sj §
• "SBERRlTHAfDEWSr I
1 NORMA WBilLEY, §
S SAM MARION S
• And WM. McCART, |
0 Presenting "A LAWLESS LAWTER." q
0 Tho Clever Comedy Duo Q
S FLO IRWIN and |
• WALTER HAWLEY, aft
0 In "CAUGHT WITH THE GOODS." ©
| I
2 The American Monoloctst.
• HDUMOND'ii" I
1 PARISIAN MINSTRaS, 8
0 Eurcsa's Great Musical Trio. ©
|THE?RASE?TRODPE, I
q International Dancers. ©
I wiMNTsBEPflERD I
® Illustrated Ballad Slnsera. 5
8 'IISF^biographT I
# ', Showlnr the Futurity Race. «
A n «-> ■ ©
• Farew«U Appearance of ®
| LA TORTAJADA, |
0 Spain's Beautiful Etnzer and Dancer. 0
o -~p^ "" — -+~-*^*~ o
A Parquet. 25c, any seat; Balcony. 10c: O
• Children, any part except reserved. 10c. fk
_ A few front Orchestra, rows reserved. Xf
© 60c: front rows of Ealcony, reserved, 25c. J»»
UNION COURSING PARK
JOHN GEACE, Jadg« ; JA3. T. 6KACZ, Slipjet.
TO-DAY, SUNDAY - - - December 8th
HIGH-CLASS
COURSING EVENTS.
—AND—
Special^Stakes;
88— NOMINATIONS— 88
TRAIN SERVICE.
Leave Third and Townsend its. at 19:13 a. m..
11 a. m., 13 m. and 1 p. m.; Twenty-fifth and
Valencia streets five minutes later. Returning
at 4:45 p. m. and after the last course. San
Mateo electric cars every four minutes.
ADMISSION 25 CENTS-LADIES FREE.
CHUTES^* ZOO
The Lockos, Leando Brothers, Mand
Frazer, Levy and Parent, Clinton
Montgomery, The I<eslies.
new movingTpictures.
NEXT THURSDA7NIGHT,
THE AMATEURS
IN A NEW NOVELTY.
Telephone for Seats Park 23. i
EDER JAI
THE GREATEST AND MOST EXCITINO
, SPORT EVER WITNESSED IN SAN »
FRANCISCO.
PARK,
Market St., near Eighth.
TO-DAY 2 P. M.
EXCELS FOOTBALL.
vSUPERIOR TO BA3EBALU
EQUALS BULL-FiaHTTNO.
A 8PORT THAT AROUSES THE WILDEST
OF ENTHUSIASM.
PLATED BY CHAMPIONS DIRECT FROU
MADRID.
■ m THE TALK OF THB CITT.
RACING
u ' '^^C^* Every Week Day-*
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
n OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races »tart at 2:13 p. m. sharp.
Fjrry-boats leave San Francisco at 13 m. and
HM. U Id©. 2, 2:M and 3 p. m.. eonnectla«
with trains stopping at the entrance to th*
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts: no smokies. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via,
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenu*
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oa)> j_-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole co IS
cect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fou W
teenth and Broadway. OakUnd. These electrtt*
cars so direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave tho track at 4:15 ana
4:4» p. m. and Immediately after the last rac*.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS jn.. President.
C1IAS. F. PRICE. Stecy. and U;r.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
.On one tide of thes© masnlflcent
notela Is the wholesale and manu-
facturers' district— on tho other re-
tall stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, banks and the- I
aters. Street cars to all parts ot
the city— depots, ferries and parks-
pass tho entrance.
American and European plans.
weeklFcali^COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver a fraction lower. No material change in Exchange.
Great buoyancy in Wheat, Barley and Oats.
Corn and Rye show no change.
Steadier feeling in Hay and Bran.
Becns.rule dull at unchanged prices.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables cs before.
Butter quiet. Cheese and Eggs weak.
Poultry in ample supply and dull. Game higher.
Oranges continue weak under large supplies.
Raisins and Prunes very active and pointing upward.
Provisions stronger at Chicago than here.
Hides quieter and weak, both here and in the East.
Hogs weak at the recent decline, with liberal stocks.
Linseed Oil marked down again.
Local stocks and bonds selling very well.
Stocks of grain issued by the Produce Exchange.
Bank cUarings gain, as usual.
Stocks of Grain.
The Produce Exchange has Issued its regular
•emi-anaual statement of the stock of grain
In the State December 1 as follows: Wheat,
i:.(C2,6S0 tons, against 12.401.SSO ctls on the same
<5at* l*st year: barley. 4,467.300 ctls. against
3.8S2.SKJ cUs; cats, 304,320 ctls. against 200,280
ctls.
Bank Clearings.
Local bank clearings durlns the past week
were nS.S44.4S4. fcg&inst CX04S.043 during the
Hffle week lact jetr.
Dried Fruit in New York.
t~ Mail advice* from New York say: "In spite
~*^<*f the lull In trade caused by the Thanksgiving
■*>reak. the market at the close of the week
wes in good .-!;:•."* and there was a very fair
activity In several lines. Currants and figs
continue Etrong and consumptive demand for
both artlclec 1* excellent. Layer flgn are. if
anything, firmer and practically nothing of
desirable quality is now to he had under So.
Loose Muscatel raisins meet uith fair d-mand.
4-crown being scarce and firm at 6 ! s c. Throe
crown California layer* are quoted from $1 35$
1 *>0. Old peerless Muscatel are selling quh>
well from 5"V(Jt*Vic. There Is a very lair de
mand for sjwt prune*, supplies of which are
fair. On the coast $anta Clara 40-50s and 5O-€0s
are mostly held firm on a 3c basis, with Eises
from €0-70s to SHMOOs not easy t<> get even on
& 3>*c basis. Sizes M-SOs and SO-lOOs are hard,
cst to secure. S'-.nomp-s are quoted about lie
under Santa Claras, but pome oackers have
D* more to offer. A number of cars of VI-
were sold late In the week but prices
tvere not divulged. Peaches, apricots and other
coast fruits are quiet.
"Grenoble and French walnuts are still
lower, the quotations being dropped to 9*4c and
S'ic. respectively, on Saturday. The Chateau
Lafite. now due from Bordeaux, brines heavy
fupplies of both varieties. Jordan almonds
are scarce and higher, holders now asking 27c"
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 7—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of eame 4at<!
I last season, and rainfalls in the last twenty
four hours:
La*t This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Kureka. 0.00 ' 15.03 13.41
Red Bluff 0.00 9.62 6.74
Sacramento 0.00 5.9S 6.3*
.^a Francisco O.Qfl 5.50 fe.J-5
Fresno 0.00 2.17 5.10
1 udependenoe P. CO 1.34 2. IS
San Luis Obispo O.00 4.S6 J).:M
ls3S Angeles 0.00 2.46 0.73
San Diego O.OO 0.76 1.73
San FYancisco data: Maximum temperature,
€T'; minimum, <7; mean, 54.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston 26-11 Omaha 5J-28
Cincinnati 3S-GC Duluth 32-SO
TTaf-hinirton 32-1-i Halt Lake City 44-30
Jacksonville 54-3S Chicago 34-30
Kansas City G0-3t|6t. Louis 3S-34
New York 2S-1C Philadelphia 30-20
THE COAST RECORD.
S K E2 3 i 5
•stations. B?|Bif^i Eo 5
3 ': 3 ! 3 I 3 I I
Baker 30.56 26 16 SE Cloudy .00
Astoria 30.16 52 36 S Rain .02
•'areon 30.44 44 24 N Pt CIdy 1.
Kureka 30.48 M 38 SW Cloudy .1)0
Fresno 30.40 54 38 S Clear .00
Flagstaff.. ..30.28 28 24 E Clear .00
Pocstello. Idaho.. .30.;.2 22 26 SW Cloudy .OH
Independence 30.34 50 .. NW Clear .00
J^c* Argeles 3<J."0 70 E2 W Clear .(*:•
, I'hoenix 30.10 C4 44 N Clear .00
Portland 3*. 32 50 3<S S Rain .Ci
Red Bluff 30.42 5S 38 N Pt Cldy .00
Uoseburg 30.44 52 34 Cm Cloudy T.
Sacramento S0.3S 56 44 ?»' Clear .00
Halt Lnke S^.50 S8 30 N Pt Cldy .00
San Kranoisco 30.40 Cl 48 Vl r Clear .00
San Luis Obiepo...3f'.36 62 46 N Pt Cldy .00
San Diego 30.12 «6 48 N Clear .<:<)
Seattle 30.12 50 34 RE Rain .13
Spokane 30. SS SS ZZ S Cloudy M
Wa'.la Walla Tfi.y, 46 34 K Cloudy .00
V.innemucca SO. 40 38 24 KW Clear .00
Turna.* 30.16 6C Zi X Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the great
er portion cf the country west of the Rocky
Mountains. An area of unusually high pres
sure overlies the Pacific elope, and the first
ceneral frosts of the season will probably oc
'■ur Sunday morning. Citrus fruit growers in
the southern part of the State have been ad
vieed of the likelihood of lipht froste.
High northerly winds are blowing In the val
'py of the Colorado and freezing temperatures
may be expected In the mountains and the
foothills.
Forecast made at Eaa Francisco " for thirty
hour« ending midnight December 8:
Northern California — Fair Sunday, continued
oool weather with light northerly grinds; frost*
Sunday morning.
Southern California— Fair Sunday, continued
coo! weather; light northerly winds; fro6ts Sun
day moraliyr.
Nevada — Fair Sunday, continued cold weath
er: lljht northerly winds.
San Krancisco and vicinity — Fair Sunday,
licht northerly winds: frcst in the morning.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market
NEW YORK. Dec. ".—Speculators of stocks
rushed to sell to-day and precipitated a vio
lent decline which carried prices below last
Katurfiay'e level, leaving no vestige of the
week's gains. Amalgamated Copper led the
van with Manhattan a close second. The cop
per etock touched G4"£, a loss from last night
cf 3»fc. The scramble to cover among the shorts
reduced the net loss to S l A. In Manhattan the
extreme decline was 1% and the net loss only
\i. On the first break In the market many
railroad stocks and the Steel stocks were little
effected and they resisted the decline stoutly.
On the second break, after the appearance cf
the bank statement, the weakness became very
ireaeral at declines of 1@5 points. New York
Central. Great Northern preferred, St- Paul.
Rock Island, Chicago and Northwestern nnd
General Electric were weak. The bank state
tnmnt was even weaker than expected. The
loss in cash reserves reached over seven mil
lions and an expansion of over five millions
in the loan* stretched the legal reserve require
ment so that the surplus waa cut in half and
brought to $7,000,000. Heavy losses In Amal
gamated Copp«T necessitated sacrifice* in other
Mocks. It was manifest that recent pool sup
jwrt In various etocloi had been withdrawn, the
I insiders having presumably taken their profits
I on the week's rise. The transfer of funds for
speculation to the rraln and cotton markets
Impinges on the eupply available for the stock
market. liquidation for account of unimport
ant firms about to retire Is believed to figure
largely In selling. The closing: was feverish,
but ellgtotly better than the worst.
There have been periods of general etrengtb •
In the etock market this week and points of
continuous strength, but the spirit of doubt
has been sufficiently obvious. The operations
were by professionals, sometimes combined
into Etrong pools and by banking Interests and
large capitalists. The commission houses re
port that there is no evidence that the general
public, which makes the really good periods of
Fpeculation, has taken any interest In the
market This is accounted for In part, no
doubt, by the large diversion of interest to the
cereal markets, in which a rampant specula
tion nas raged during the week.
The President's message was a favorable In
fluence In ths stock market, especially because
the bears had sold the market In anticipation
of an extremely hostile attitude on the part
or the Chief Magistrate against the great com
binations of capital. The buying by the bears
to cover after the contents of the message be
came known argued that the document did net
meet their expectations In that regard. The
list of stocks which advanced during the week
is rather conspicuous, nevertheless, by the ab
seno*' of thopr concerned, directly or indirectly,
in the formation of the Northern Securities
Comi-any and of such stocks as the United
Mates Steel Corporation and Amalgamated
Copper. The copper security has had Us own
srHH>l«l considerations to contend with. The
discujsicn of the progress tnaktr.R In the plan
Involved in the formation of the Northern
Securities Company has been without any fur
ther information on the subject of who is con
cerned. The meeting of Western representa
tives called to discuss the new conditions and
to further the community of Interests wm with
out the attendance of the most prominent of
the executives expected, and the Information
was given out that It was considered wise to
hold the discussion in abeyance. A number
I of directory changes in the railroads con
cerned in the Northern Securities Company
1 were explained as due to a purpose to avoid
questions. It is feared also that the money
outlook to the end of the year Is not altogether
clear owing to the international situation. Less
Fold went out than was expected, but further
requirements are to be met apparently. Con
ditions ore more Improved trom Uie worst in
Germany, and the Berlin money market has
| been easy, but the year-end requirements are
J very many. Money scarcity is expected in
London to the end of the year. Paris has re
newed the buying of discounts in London, but
money rates have advanced again In Paris and
sterling at Paris has declined. The prospect
of further gold exports from New York Is not
viewed with equanimity by speculators es
pecially on account of the continued depletion
of the bank reserve here on domestic account.
Againet these factors admonishing to precau
tion is the indubitable fact that the country's
business and industries are still on the upward
trend. Bank clearings for November were iii
excess of any previous November In the coun
try's history, and it is notable that the ratio
of increase Is largest outside the._jrreat specu
lative centers. Railroad earnings continue to
show increases over those of last year, though
in a somewhat diminished ratio. The earlier .
fears of wide inroads upon railroad earnings
on account of the shortage in the corn crop
are giving way to a conviction that the gen
eral merchandise movement Is more than suf
ficient to offset tills, as it did the spring wheat
shortage last year In the Northwest. Com
platnts of insufficient car supply to carry the
freight offered come from all parts of the coun
try, and railroads are increasing their supply
of equipment and making improvements to In
crease their carrying capacity. There is ap
parent confidence '.in the continuance of de
mands tipon their* reserves. The present ac
tivity of the iron trade and the demand for
future requirements continue to break all rec
ords. General trade in all lines is reported
active and prosperous. The contrast with the
commercial and Industrial depression reported
in foreign countries Is striking. Increasing at
tention is given to the course of our foreign
trade, which reflects the depression abroad.
The question in asked whether this condition
of the outside world can fail to find an ulti
mate reflection upon our own conditions. Our
iron and steel exports have fallen on* $23,C00 COO
or 2L5 per cent, in ten month3 of 190L com
pared' with the corresponding period of 1300
In copper the decrease hae been $23,000,000 also
but the percentage is 45.5. It is claimed that
the domestic requirements of the iron and steel
industry are fo large that none can be spared
for export. The upset caused in the copper
trade by the decline in the export demand is.
however, very obvious, notwithstanding the
confusion and obscurity of the present condi
tion in that trade. The decrease in exports.
»s most marked in the two commodities named,
but th? declining tendency of the country's for
; eirn trade Is dear. It Is a patent fact that
while enormous proprei=s has been made In the
wide distribution of capitalization of financial
combinations, some of the most Important part
of it is still in the hands of the syndicates and
capitalists who projected it.
There has been a good demand for railroads
this week, mostly of the speculative and semi
sppculativp olafs.
The United States refunding 2s advanced %
and the 3s registered % per cent over the call
cf last we.elt.
j The sales of bonds were $2,978,000.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales High Low Clo«e
Atchlscn "0.000 78 76% 77>,(i
Atchison pfd P.2CO 99% 99 99%
Baltimore & Ohio 6,300 103% 102 102%
Baltimore & Ohio pfd.. SCO ?5\4 95 95
Canadian Pacific 4.5ro 112*4 112 112%
Canada Southern 500 M'i 844 84
Chesapeake & Ohio 5.6^0 <7% t<>% mil
Chicaip-J & Alton 1.5W) r,.-,i,4 35 35'
Chicago & Alton pfd... ICO 77 7 ,i 77% 77s:
Chicago Ind & Louiovl. r.000 jsifc <;»£ 45s.,;
Chicago Ind & L pfd... 100 74U. 74Vi 74U
Chicago & Gt Western. 7.000 ?C'i 22V. 2°%
Chicago & G W A pfd.. BOO 87 S7 * 87
Chicago & G W B pfd.. 100 45 45 44Vi
Chicago A Northwe*trn ICO 2C3V4 203", 2C3 "
Chicago R I & Pacific. 2,300 ISO 147V~ 14SH
Chicago Term & Trans. €00 15>A isyi -\-m,
Chicago T & T pfd 3.100 29'Z 2% ?9?Z
C C C & St LouIf.... 1.500 97 S7 9714
Colorado Southern 3,100 • Wi 13% 14
Colorado Fo 1st pfd 100 16% Z6% T6V,
Colorado Sa 2d pfd 206
Delaware A Hudson 1.200 171 nOU J70U
Delaware Lack & West. 400 241 210 "41
Denver & Rio Grande... «V) 44V4 ~«4'/i ~44
Denver & K C pfd 300 93 H3 \ 9*14
Erie 14,300 4\u, inn iim
Erie let pfd 5;iC0 71 J i 70% 71
Erie 2d pfd 1,700 57U 56 5614
Great Northern pfd LMfl iST'i 1SF.H lftfiii
Hocking Valley 1.100 f,2=i fil^i %>'■>
Hocking Valley pfd lffl si si Rnu-.
Illinois Central 4,000 13S 117*4 1S7V.
Iowa Central 100 37'i 3-u xiv <
; Icwa Central nfd 72
Lake Erie * Western "" fix
Uike Erie & Weft nfd ,;; jjq
Tyouisville <*t Nashville.. 7.°' 1 fl 107 jc6^ Kfii.;
Manhattan L 67.9ftO 13«1 13414 J3"i
Metropolitan Street Ry. 7.800 lKH'i Jfiov, igf.U
Mexican Central 2.000 ZiM. 22V- *2Vi
Mexican National 1,500 14'4 14 - J4
Minneapolis & St Louis. 100 106'i 1CSU 106
Missouri Pacific 14,200 103*-* 1C2U 1CV4
Missouri Kans & Texas 051;
Missouri Kns & Tex pfd 400 52 50»£ }-AK
New Jersey Central 200 17<> 178' 178
New York Central HS.500 167 164 ]C4»i
Norfolk & Western 5,900 87% 57'i 5714
Norfolk & Western rifd • gov;
Northern PrcIBc prd 3.E0O 1C0*. 100»A in05i
Ontario & Western 6.400 34><i 33% 34
Pennsylvania 22.100 KHi 148U wv,
Reading , U jfio 49 48 i» w /
Reading 1st pfd 3,100 79% 79 . 79
Reading 2d pfd 4,200 5S«i 57s: 57%
St Ix>uiff <Sr Fan Fran 1.100 62'i 51*i E2
St Louis & S F lFt pfd .'. sou
St Louis & S F 2d pfd.. 1,000 .• 70VJ 70" 70U
St Louis Southwestern.. 200 27>J ■ 27V4 "7
St Louis 6outhwetrn pfd 400 59 ! 58« rru
«ra U !"« 30.100 165% 163% 163%
St Paul pfd " igj
Southern Pacific 19.100 B9V4 BS% RS%
Southern Railway l«.2OO 33\4 1 32*i £>■£
Southern Railway pfd.. 3,100 92 S1W 9l»t
Texas & Pacific 3.100 29>4 38% 38%
Toledo St L & Western ;... ioii
Toledo St L & West pfd 32$
Union Pacific M.fiOO 101>* 9&% loo
Union Pacific pfd 2.500 R9U 884 SStf
Wabash 2.200 22 1 /4 21*4 21?4
Waba*h pfd 10.200 41% 40% 40%
Wheeling & Lake Erie. 200 1SU 18U JS
Wheel & L E 2d pfd.... 100 29 29 29VS
Wisconsin Central 400 20% 20% 20&
Wisconsin Central pfd.. .... 40H
Express Companies—
Adams ..... .... .... IK
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALU, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1901.
American .......... »nn
United State. " "ll^Z I " ?o
AV ells Fargo ,21
Miscellaneous- * "" 19 °
ArlK 1^ Copper.:..150,700 68% 64% 66'i
Am Car & Foundry 1,400 / 29"A 29 28^
Am Car & Fdry pfd '500 ' «T 86
American Linseed Oil * . . 16
Am Linseed OH pfd 45
a™. i me }i iJ i g^ Ref---- 1.000 43% 43* 43>,i
Am Smelt & Ref pfd.... 400 97 37 96V 4
Brooklyn-Rajjld Trans.. 7,100 63-62 62%
Colorado Fuel & Iron... 1,300 90 8914 89>-4
Consolidated Gas ....... 1 300 216% 2l5Vi 215§
Cont Tobacco pfd 117
General Kleotric 2.500 283*' 2S0'i 280H
S Iu< v°, se S^ rar 4«> 40 39t| soil
Hocking Coal 400 16 18 16
International Paper .... 1,600 20% 204 20^i
Internatnl PaDer prd 78
International Power ... 100 8914 89>i 89
Laclede GaS - .„)
National Biscuit 100 43li «Vi 43
National L?ad ;■... 400 l7'-i I7«i 17U
National Salt pfd ?„ ..^ ...* \z
North American ' 100 92V> 92U VZ
Pacific Coast SOO 73^4* 73* 73
PaclfliMail- SOO 44?i 44 44>4
People s Gas 3,300 99 ggtj 98U
Pressed Steel Car 300 42 41'i 42
Pressed Steel Car pfd 85
Pullman Palace Car.... 200 2I5U sio'ii 215
Hepublic Steel ],000 15«A- 15 15
Republic Steel pfd SOO | fi9'4 68'i 68'i
Sugar 16,600 12214 120' 120%
Tennessee Coal & Iron.. 3,400 63 61>A 62U
Union Bac A Paper Co " 14
Union Bag & P Co pfd 74U
United States Leather.. 1.900 11% ll*i lissi
U S Leather pfd 1,800 81% 81U" 81%
United States Rubber... 1,000 15>fc 15 15
U S Rubber pfd 200 51 51 51
United States Steel 36.100 42Vi 41% 41%
United States Bteel pfd. 24.100 92*4 9O»4 91H
Western Union 2.400 P1S» PI 91-
Amerlcan Locomotive... 2,fiO0 31'i 30 s i 31
Am Locomotive pfd 600 88" 87^ 88
Total shares sold.. ..694,100
NEW yORK BONDS.
V S ref 2s reg 108M L & N Uni 4s l«2si
Do ref 2s coup... 109 Mex Cent 4s S2Vi
Do Ss reg 108* Do 1st inc S0V4
Do Ss coup 108$. Minn & St L 4s....lO3>4
Do new 4s reg...l39V5 M K A T 4s 9I5H
Do new 4s coup.lSSH Do 2ds 81U
Do old 4s reg UHi N Y Cent lsts 103%
Do old 4s coup. ..112>4 Do gen SHs 109'^
Do 6s reg.. 107\i N J Cent een Ss.-lSlVi
Do Ss coup 107H Northern Pac 4s...lO5»i
Atchison gen 4s....lO3H Do 3s 12%
Do adj 4s 941i N & W con 4s 102%
B & O 4s 10SU Reading Gen 4s.... 99U
Do 3' a s , 96H St L & I M con 5s.HR
Do conv 4s 103 S L & S F 4s 97^4
Canada Sou 2ds...lO9H St L SW lsts 9»»i
Cent or Ga 5s 106W Do 2ds 79V4
Do 1st inc 75*4 S A & Ar Pass 4s. S9»i
Ches & Ohio 4Hs..l07H Southern Pac 4s... 92H
Chlo ft Alton 3Hs.. RS"& Southern Ry B8....121
C R & Q new 4s.. $>S Tex & P«c lsts HSU
: M ft St P gen 45.111U Tol St L & W 4s.. 81
C «: N con 7s 1S9 Union Pac 4s 106"i
C R I & P 4s 10«tj, D oeonv 4s 105%
CCC * S L qren 4S.1P34 Wabash lsts HSU
Chic Term 4s 8SV, Do 2d» 111W
Colo Sou 4s. Mt£ Do Deb B .'... 64W
D & R G 4s 103U West Shore 4s 114
Erie prior lien 4s.lOO«4 Wheel &: I. E 4s.. 91»i
Do gen 4s 8?\l Wls Cent 4s 91
F W & D C lsts...1fi5U Con Tob 4b 64'i
Hockin* Val 4V&S..1CS
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Mining-
Call loans- 4fHVi Adventure 18
Time loans 4Vs65 AHoue*' 4
Bonds— Amalgamated 66»i
Atchison 4s 102 Baltic 39
Mex Cent 4s SO Bingham 28
N E Gas & Coke.. 67 Calumet & Hecla..62S
Railroads— Centennial 13'i
Atchison 7(i 8 i Copper Range .... 68
Do prefd 93»« Dominion Coal .... 66>i
Boston & Albany. .257 Franklin 14Vi
Boston & Maine.. .189V4 Isle Royale 20
Boston Elevated ..167 Mohawk 36
N Y N H & H....213 Old Dominion 23
Fltchburg pfd 142*1 Osceola 84>4
Union Pacific 99% Parrot 29
Mex Cent 22U Qulncy 150
Miscellaneous— Santa Fe- Copper.. 3»A
Amer Sugar 120U Tamarack 260
Amer Tel & Tel. ..ICO Trlmountaln 35
Dom Iron & Steel. 24% Trinity 13%
Gen Electric 279 United States 14
Mass Elec pfd. 73^ Utah 20
United Fruit .89^ Victoria-.: 5
U S Steel 4H4 Winona 1%
Do prefd 91U
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 18 Little' Chief 12
Alice 45 Ontarla 9 00
Breece 75 Ophlr ;.... 64
Brunswick Con .... 14 Phoenix ..•.....". C6
Comatock Tunnel .. 06 Potosl ,;... 01
Con Cal & Va '..1 55 Savage 03
Deadwood Terra ... 60 Sierra Nevada 05
Horn Sliver 190 Small Hopes 40
Iron Silver 60iBtandard .....S 75
. Leadville Con 05 I
Associated Banks' Statement':
NEW YORK. Dec. 7.— The statement of the
Associated Banks for the week ending to-day
shows :
Loans, $881,552,000: increase, $5,332,000.
Deposits, $938,558,100; decrease, $1,71,0,400.
Circulation. {31,986,400; increase, $11,400.
Legal tenders. $71,816,500; decrease, $578,700.
Specie, $163,530,700; decrease, $6,655,500.
Reserves, J2U.247.200; decrease, $7,234,500.
Reserves required, $234,789,235; decrease
$427,600.
Surplus. $6,607,675: decrease. $6,806,900.
The Financier says: It is to be observed
that the decline from the br.nks into the Treas
ury last week was largely due to the excep
tional movement of a retirement of circulation
by interior institutions and also that there can
be no smaller retirement of notes at least until
January, the law limiting such operations to
$3,000,000 per month. The movement of the
money through transfers to the Interior watf
likewise exceptional. The estimate by the De
partment of Agriculture of a smaller crop of
cotton than had been exoected caused a bull
speculation in the staple, thus increasing the
requirements for money to carry the latter In
store and to move it from plantations. The
transfers to Chicago, which were notably large
at the end of the week, were mainly, due to the
speculation in grain at the Western centers.
It Is probable that these Fneculative move
ments In cotton and in grain will spon sub
side, and hence It seeirs likely that not much
additional money will be needed from this
center for such pun>O6es. The forelen ex
change market probably will be afTected this
week by the active money which will be ex
pected to result from the low bank reserves,
hence cold shipments to Europe may be held
In check unless. Indeed, there should be urg
ency In the demand for th<» metal for export.
Considering the facts noted, ths bank state
ment may be regarded as of such a character
I as not to excite apprehensions of prolonged ac
i tivity in money as the result of low bank re
' serves. Should higher rates for loana prevail.
I however, such rates will of themselves tend to
attract money from Eastern and near-bv
points, thus relieving any undue stringency in
the situation.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 7.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram Bay3'
The stock market to-day was idle and heavy,
' having been dominated by the big slump in
American shares. London is aoathetic, but
takes a bloomy view of the monetary outlook
in New York. Copper shares as well aa Ameri
can stocks dwindled throughout, Rio Tlntos
declining to 41%.
The recent issue of £1,000,000 National Tele
phone preferred has been underwritten by the
Morgans and it Is reported that that house has
placed 50 per cent of the iFBue.
November trade returns Fhow a decrease In
imports of 6.9 per cent and in exports of 7.2
per cent.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Deo. 7.— Aanconda, 6^; Atchlsnn,
80; Atchison preferred, 102Vi: Canadian Pacific.
)16\i; Denver and' Rio Grande. 46; Denver nnd
Rio Gr?nde preferred, 96; Erie, 42: Erie flrpt
prpf erred, 73Vz: Erie second nref erred, 58:
Southern Pacific. 61: Union Pacific. 103V4:
T*n!<>n Pacific preferred. Sl'/i: United States
SV»el. 42K : TTnited Statrs St»el preferred, 94%.
Money. 2 1 ,£@3 per cent. Ear silver, dull, |
Ii 7-16d. .
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Deo_< 7. — To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances In the general ' fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $170,382,678; gold, $112,711,167.
New York Grain and Produced
NEW YORK, Dec. 1 7.— FLOUR— Receipts, 17.
3C0 barrels; exports. 8S0O. Fairly active and
very firm on the wheat advance. Winter pat
ents, $3 C0®3 90; winter straights. $3 50@3 60:
Minnesota patents, $3 £0@l 13; winter extras,
J2 8C@» 10; Minnesota bakers', $2 90@3 ZS; win
ter low grades. $2 6C@2 70.
WHEAT — Receipts. 20,900 bushels. : - Spot,
firm; No. 2 red, 87%c f. .0.' b. afloat and 8391c
elevator: No. 1 Northern Duluth, 86!4c f. o. b
afloat: No. 1 hard Duluth, 93Kc f. o. b. afloat
Options were strong- and . for a time excited
on higher cables, a further scare of shorts and
renewed outside buying on a big' scale, but
later quieted down a little and closed strong
March. 86 9-16c@86%c. closed 86Hc; May, SoUft)
88c, closed 85%c; December, 84@84".4c, closed
S4Hc On the curb May advanced to 87%c -
■ HOPS— Steady. State, common to choice 1901
crop, 11015V4C ; 1900 crop. 8@12c:' 1.893 crop gf}
9c; Pacific Coast, 1901 crop, ll@15c; 1900 crop
S012c ; 1893 crop. 6®9c . v
. HIDES— Finn. Galvestori, • 20 to 25 ; pounds,
18c; California, 21 to 25 pounds, 13 We; Texas,
dry. 24 to 30 pounds, 14Ho. t . .
WOOL — Steady. Domestic fleece, 25@26c;
Texas, 16@17c. -•■■.-.- * -
COFFEE — Spot Rlc, dull: No. 7 Invoice,
6 13-16c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 7"4@llc. Fu
tures closed steady and unchanged to 5 points
lower.. Total sales, 12,500 bags. Including:
January. $6 65@6 60: March, $6 75@6 SO; July,
$7 10; September. $7 30; October, $7 35.
SUGAR— Raw, steady;, fair - refining, 3Uc:
centrifugal, 96 test, 3%c; molasses sugar, 3c;
refined was steady; No. 6, 4.30c; No. 7. 3.20c;
No. 8, 4.10c; No. 9, 4.05c: No. 10, 4c; No. 11,
3.95c: No. 12, 3.95c; No. 13, 3.90c; No. 14. 3.90c;
standard A. 4.70c; confectioners' A. 4.70c; mold
A, 5.25c; cut loaf, 5.40c: * crushed, 5.40c; pow
dered. 5c: granulated, 4.90<*; cubes, 5.15c.
BUTTER— Receipts, 4400 packages. Firm.
State dairy. 15®23%e: June creamery, I8@22c;
factory. 12»i@15c. /
EGGS— Receipts. 4400 packages. Firm. West
ern, at mark, 26c.
DRIED FRUITS.
The market for evaporated apples ruled very
quiet, but about steady. State, common to
good, eSiGVzc: prime. 9@9tfc; choice, 9U@9?Ic;
fancy. 10<210%c. .
California dried fruits were Inactive.
PRUNES-3%@7c.
APRICOTS— Royal, 10§14c; Moorpark, 9V4<0
13c.
PEACHES— Peeled, r 12@19c; unpeeled, 7@10V4c.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Dec. 7.— Pandemonium broke
Io6!=e in grains to-day.' and with an enthu
siasm that has seldom If ever been equaled bulla
carried everything before them. It was a wild
day in the ;>lt, with wheat in the lead, and
as on other recent bulges, an incessant stream
of buying orders from the country brought the
advance.
Wheat easily led all other pits and set such
a ra:>id ;*ace that it was a difficult task to
follow. Ah has beeu the fashion for several
days past, the pit opened with a Jump end dis
regarded the usual Kovernlng factors. Bullish
enthusiasm did everything. The country was
crying for huge quantities and it was a case
of buy, buy, buy. Such a market was a great
temptation to' holders of. long wheat and soon
a flood of it poured in from several sources.
One prominent broker threw a million and a
half bushels on the market and It had prac
tically no appreciable effect. Where uevera."
large seller? were making Cat profits, there
j were as many others taking In all offerings
with avidity. Commission houses had orders
that demonstrated that the public was bigger
; than Jlhe professionals. The regular trade was
; of the opinion yesterday that the bull cam
paign was at an end and that prices would
slump in a panicky way. Tips have been go-
Ing out to sell everything. But to-day's busi
ness showed the effort was wasted. Besides
the countryman, the capitalist was getting Into
the trade. And, added to these very .strong
bull aiguments, cam* the news uf strength a*.
Liverpool and In the English country mar
kets. Receipts, especially jNorthwtsiern, were
tailing on.'. The weather was unbetlled and
all ouuide markets were showing correspond
ing stienzth. December wheat opened riy
Tic to IU&IUc hlshsr at 7b\(jj.?'ii-. edited uif
to ?6*ic on the heavy profit-taking, but in the
last hour of business sailed upward *nd closeu
very strong, S^itjfiVxC higher at 7SH<-'. May
opened TbHi'Ic to 1'itflHc higher at SufiQKllio,
sau'eed to M)%c, but near the last moment uf
trade ran excitedly up to £3c, and thus estab- .
lishlng a new crop record. The close was very
*t rons, 2%c higher at -i^'sl' M' R 4»-.
Corn was inclined to . !>•.■ fully sympathetic
with wheat. Country offerings have increased
somewhat the last tew days on the big nd
vances and the inclination to-day was rot- fur
ther prutit-taking, whkh. It la thought, would
have a markedly depressing influence had
wheat not taken matters In hand. Trade was
smaller than In wheat, but cables were higher
nnil offerings temporarily held off because of
i ho wheat demand. December closed strong.
*»•■ higher at 6!%c. May opened ] ,?c to lc
higher at 6S<iu to bS*«c, sold down to t^Ue and
then literally junu>cd to 69c, a new record
price, where it cloted very strong, llic up.
There wrs a good all-around trade in oats
and a strong feeling in sympthy with wheat
and corn. May aMd to 47%c, closing strung,
l%e up at 4*H<- - -
Provisions Inclined toward dullness early and
prices were slightly ..down on a weaker hog
product. Strength In grains caused a sharp
rally and they closed strong, January pork 15
{/•17V4c up, lard 2V4c higher and ribs 5c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
December 76?i 78% 76»i 78?i
May.. 81U 83 80% 82&J
July SI 82*4 80Vi S2Vi
Corn No. 2 —
December 65% 65% 64% 64%
May . CS% " 69 68<» 69
July 68J.4 68% 67 J 4 68%
Oats No. 2— • . , • .
December,. 46U 4S% 45% 46%
May-. i. $ 46%.. x il% 46, - ~ 47%
July 42 42'A 41 .. 42<i
Mess Pork, per barrel-
January .. .....IS 67^4 15 S7% 16 60 16 85
May 17 00 17 32'^ 17 00 17 25
Lard, per 100 pounds— . •»
January ............ 9 70 9 80 9 65 9 80
May 9 80 9 87>,4 9 77^4 9 87^
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
January 8 55 8 57>J 8 43 8 57',i
May. 8 62^ 8 75 8 60 8 72', i
. Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, strong: winter patents, $3 50@3 70:
straights, $3 20@3 50; clears, $2 90@3 SO; spring
specials, $4 20; patents, $3 35@3 70; straights, $3
<§!3 25; No. 3 spring wheat. 75@'75%c: No. 2 red.
80@83%c; No. 3 yellow corn. 68%@68%c: No. 2
oats. 4Sc: No. 2 white, 49%@00%c; No. 3 white,
49@50c- No. 2 rye. 63c; fair to choice malting
barley 68®62V4c: No. 1 flaxseed. $144: No. 1
Northwestern; $1 44; prime timothy seed, $6 40
@6 50; mess pork, per barrel, $15 S0#15 90; lard,
per 100 pounds. $9 77%@9 80; short ribs sides
(loose), $8 45@8 60; dry salted shoulders (boxed),
7U@7%c; short clear sides (boxed). 8 8o@8 93:
whisky, basis of high wines, fl 32; clover, con
tract grade. $9.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 23,000 37,000
Wheat bushels 90,000 41,000
Corn, bushels 1G4.000 73,000
Oats, bushels 225,000 253,000
Rye. bushels 14.000 1,000
Barley, bushels 124,000 22,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm. Creameries. 14ffi24',£c: Dai
ries, 13@20c. Cheese, steady, 9)4Q'10Uc. Eggs,
firm: fresh, 24c. ■ ,
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — March. May.
Opening 6 \% fi 2%
Cloaing • 6 1% 6 2%
PARIS.
Wheat— Dec. Mar. -June.
Opening 1 .22 35 23 lfi
Closing: .....'... 22 30 2.5 05
Flour— .
Opening 27 90 23 20
Closing: , 27 85 . 29 10 • •
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Dec. 7.-CATTLE-Rcccipts, 430.
Steady;, good to prime nominate," $6 50@8 70;
poor to medium, $4@6 2.1; stackers and feeders,
$2 25@4 50; cows. Jl 2j@4 75; heifers, $2 50@5 50;
canners, $1 25@2 30; bulls, $2@4 75; calves, $2 53
@6; Texas fed 'steera, $4 50@3 25.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 2S.0O0; Monday 50,
000; left over, 2300. Five to 10 cents lower, for
bulk. Mixed and butchers. $5 S0@6 20; good to
choice heavy, SS S5fc6 49; rough heavy $5 60®
& So: liRht, $5 25@5 90; bulk of sales, Jt 80@6 20
SHEEP- Receipts. 1500. Sheep and lambs)
steady; good to choice wethers. $3 50@4 15; fair
to choice mixed. $2 75®3 50; Western Bheep }'i
f/ 4; native lambs, $2 30@3 2D; Western lambs
*2@4 53.
ST. JOSEPH. - r
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Dec. 7.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts. 700. Market steady.
HOGS— Receipts, 9000; market steady to 10c
lower. Light and light mixed, $3 70(g'6 30; me
dium and heavy, %3 15@6 50; pljs, $3 75$5 10.
SHEEP— Receipts, 200; market steady.
New York Cotton Marker. \
NEW YORK,. Dec.' 7.— The cotton market
opened firm and up 9@11 points on very active
buying. The market closed firm, with urlces
12@15 points higher.
Foreign Markets.
LONDOX, Dec. 7.— Consols, 92?4; silver,
25T4; French rentes, 10U 62%c; cargoes on pas
sage, quiet and steady; cargoes No. l standard
California, 3Ca; English ' country markets,
LIVERPOOL,' Dec. 7.— Wheat, firm • No 1
standard "California, 6s 2d<5>6s ' 214(3; wheat' In
Paris, dull; flour in Paris, dull; coun"
try markets, quiet; weather In England un
settled.
< COTTON— Uplands. 4 17-J2d.
■New .York Metal Market
( KEWTORK, 1 Dec. .7.— No new features were
noted In metal circles to-day. - Locally , tin
continued steady, but values were unchanged
at $25 70@26 for spot. Copper was dull at $16 50
017 for lake, $16 37%@16 62V4 for electrolytic and
$16 for casting. Lead and spelter remain dull
and featureless at J4 37*4 and $4 80 respectively
Iron .ruled steady but quiet at J10 60@U 50 for
plglron warrants; No. 1 Northern foundry $15 50
@16; No.2 foundry. Southern, $14 50^15 GO- No
1 foundry, 3outhern. $15 50@16, and No. 1 foun
dry. Southern soft. $15@17. • . -
The usual absence of news from London had
a depressing effect on the local market.
Exports and Imports.
NEW YORK. 'Dee. 7.-The imports of 'dry
goods and general merchandise at the port of
New -York for this week were valued at $11,
229,610.
The imports of specie this week were $147,651
gold and $135,413 silver.
The exports of specie from this port to all
countries for last week aggregated $881,749 sil
ver and $2,443,107 gold.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, Dec. 7.— Offerings at the wool auc
tion sales to-day amounted to 12,736 bales. Com
petition was spirited. There was an excellent
demand from the home trade for New Zealand
merinos, and Germany, bought Queensland
scoured and Victoria greasy freely. An occa
sional purchase of superior ■ cross-breda by
American buyers caused' keen competition and
an upward tendency to prices. During the
week 133.500 bales were offered, of which 11,000
were withdrawn. Sllpes were In increased de
mand and showed a steadier tone.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Dec. 7.— Wheat— Steady; 61@62c
for Walla Walla. 63c for Fluestem.
. Cleared— Ship Slrene, with 79.911 bushels .of
wheat; bark Francois Coppe, with 109.000 bush
els; bark Grande Duchess Olga, with 101,853
bushels, all for Queenstown.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Dec. 7.— Wheat— One-half cent
higher; Blucstem.- 62c; Club. 61c.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or.. Dec. 7.— Clearings, $367,403;
balances, $32,971.
Tacoma's Business.
\ ■
TACOMA. Wash., Dec. 7.-rClearlngs, $:i:,335;
balances, $19,602.
LOCAL MARKETS.
and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange. 60 «lays — $4 S5
iitprllnpr Exchnngs. s:ght — ■ * SSU
Sterling Cables — * 83U
New York Excharute. sight — OJV 2
New York Exchange, telegraphic — ' 03
Silver, per ounce — &"V«
Mexican Dollars, nominal *Z\'t © *•>■?*
» Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Paris was weaker and Liverpool
firmer.
Chicago continued to rise, advancing from
79T»c to *C%cl Traders and commirslon houses
were large buyers, and the professionals re
placed the wheat they Bold out recently. Thero
was continued large realizing, but the volume
of speculative buying seemed well maintained,
though there were more sellers than buyers
at the advance. The market was very sensi
tive. The Northwest reported * decreasing
movement. The condition of the Ohio crop **4
announced at 72, against 78 last month. Stocks
at Minneapolis increased SC0.547 bushels during
the week.
This market advanced again, both on and off
call, and the feeling was very firm.
The stock on baud In the State appears In
the first column.
Spot Wheat- Shipping, fl 03»i@l 03; milling,
U O6U©1 Oi'.j per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 6C00 ctls,
$1 07-H: 26.000. $1 07>i.
Second Session— M«y— 6000 ctls. »1 OS'S: 2S.C00,
U 0SH: 14.000. II 0S«i.
Regular Jilorning Session— May — 2000 ctls,
$tC5%; 40CO. $10S7j; 2000. U OSU. December—
1S.00O. $1 04<£.
BARLEY— The market rules very strong, and
prices have again advanced.
There Is a good demand, chiefly speculative
and sympathetic with the buoyancy in Wheat
and Oats, though the short crops In the West
and Southwest are a strong factor.
The etock on hand In the State in
the first column.
Feed, 77V4@"85ic for choice bright, 75@76Uc
for No. 1 and 70072^0 for off grades; brewing
ami shipping grades, 8Q@85c; Chevalier, SOc'ail
per ctL
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— May— 20C0 ctls, SOc;
12,000, 80Uc; 2000, 80%c. - ■ • ■
OATS— The market Is stiff and prices are a
fraction higher. The Government demands are
Increasing and Impart great strength to the
situation.' The : army ha3 already taken »20
tons on the Sound and SCO tons here, and it
is talk on 'Change that it will very eoon call
for bids for 800 tons more here and 2300 tons
at Portland. This military demand, coupled
with a good local inquiry, makes everybody
In the Oat business very. bullish," and It is the
general opinion that prices will go still higher.
The stock on hand in the State appears in the
first column.
Grays. $1 12^@1 20 for feed and $1 20@l 15
for seed: whites. $1 15©1 30; Surprise, $l"30*i
1 32«4; black. 95c@fl 07Vi for feed and U 15@
1 22'^ for seed; red, $1 12&@1 20 per ctl for feeu
and $1 20@l 30 for seed; .
CORN— Chicago was quiet, but the market
was firm and advanced from 67%c to 69c. Re
ceipts were Increasing and the demand was not
improving, but farmers were reported hanging
back for a further advance.
There was very little change in the local
market, though white sold off a fraction or so.
do. $1 30@l 40; white. %\ 35@1 40. To arrive—
$1 30@l 35 per ctl for all kinds, according to
dryness.
RYE— 75(S77V4c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at 11 «5 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Fsmlly Extras. 13 25@
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15®3 25;
Oregon, $2 r.0<j?2 75 per barrel for family and
« 75@3 for Bakers': Washington Bakers'. J2 It
®3. ,
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye FItur. $2 73; Rye
Meal, $2 50: Ulce Flour, $7: Corn Meal, $3 23;
extra cream do. $4; Oat Grouts. $5; Hominy.
!?4©4 23: Buckwheat Flour. J1Q4 23; Cracked
Wheat. £{ SO: Farina. t4 50: Whole Wheat
Flour, f3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). Jt; 83Jfs 35;
in sacks, $6 uC@S: Pearl Barley, Jo; Split Peas,
$j; Green Peas, Jii 50 p*r 100 pounds.
Hay and^ Feedstuff s.
Hay Is steadier under modarato receipts and
ri3ing markets for Wheat. Barley and Oats.
If the latter advance much' it may help Hay
later on.- Bran is quoted firm, but Middlings
show no change.
BRAN— »15 oUftj-16 TO |»er ton. !
MIDDLINGS— n 7(^39 i>er ton.
FEEDSTUFFS- Kolled Barley. S16@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. ?27©2S: jobbing-.
|28 50(329: Cocoanut Cake, . ■ J2O#2h Corn Meal,
Ml £04*32: Cracked -Corn, $32@22 50; Mixed
Feed. J16@17.
HAY— Wheat. $3311: fancy. $11 £0@12; Whea:
and Oat. SS®U: Oat, $7ii?10; Barley and Oat.
J7(P0: Alfalfa. iS@3 DO: Clover. * JS@7; Volun
teer, jr. 60SIS: Stock. • $5@7 per ton.
STRAW— 20® 47»ic per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans are still quoted dull at unchanged
prices.
BEANS- Baycs. $2 3502 CO; Small White, $2 73
@S 15; Large White, $2 K0@3; Pea, tf 50@4':
Pink, $1 75@2; Red. J2 5C@3' Blackeye. $3 50®
3 70; I.imas, Ji :^i 50; Red , Kidneys, $3 50&4
pe» ctl. ■ . '
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard, $3@3 15; Yellow
Mustard. $3 27<TiZ 50; Flax, S2 65@3 25; Canary.
3V4@3%c for Eastern: Alfalfa, from' Utah. 8V2C;
Rape. lVi@l=ic: Hemp, 3'/fec per 1b.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 30@2; Green, %l 75 Jf
2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables: -
Potatoes and Onions remain unchanged. Two
cars of Merced Sweets came in.
Mast of the Lima Beans continue to arrive
In bad condition. Good Tomatoes brine top
prices readily, but the market Is oversupplied
with inferior stock. .
POTATOES— 70«*?l for Burbanks f rcm the
river: Salinas Burbanks, $1 23@1 60; Oregon
Burbankp. U 25$n 45;; River Reds. }1 33@1 bQ;
Sweets. 35@40c for Rivers and $1 for Merced.
ONIONS-S202 10 per ctl; Oregons, »2©2 10.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas from Los An
geles, 4(fJ6c; String Beans from Los Angeles,
3<S6c; Llmas. -2<36c; Cabbage, 40@50c per ctl;
Tomatoes, 25$285c; Dried Peppers, .- 10@15c per
lb: Okra, li'^igZOc per lb; Carrots, 25®35o per
sack; Cucumbers. 40«J65c; Pickles, 2^j@3c per
lb for small; and 1@1 Vic for large; Garlic, I 1 *®
ii'^o; Green Peppers, 40@60c per box for Chlfl
and 40(S65c for Bell; Egg Plant, 65$J75c per box;
Egg Plant from Los Angeles, 6®8c per lb;
Summer .'Squash from Los. Angeles.
rowfat Squash, $S@10 per ■ ton; .. Hubbard
Squash, SS@1O; Mushrooms, 5@12Vic per lb.
Poultry and Game. -
The 'Poultry market ' closed the week dull
under ample supplies. Two ; cars ■ from the
-West. are announced for to-morrow. -Receipts
of Dressed Turkeys were 14 cases. }
:Game sold higher/- Receipts were 120 sks. .
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 17@19c; Live
Turkeys, 14&16c for; Gobblers < and 14@16c Tor
Hens; Geese, per pair. J1 500175; "Goslings.
$1 75@2: Ducks. $3 50<ff4 for old and $4®3 for
young: 'Hens. $3 50@4 50: young .Roosters, $4(j>
4 50; old Roosters. W&i £0: Fryers. $3 50@4;
Broilers, *J3 50®4 - for large ' and $3@3 CO for
small: Pigeons, ?I@1 23 per dozen for old and
?1 75@2 for Squabs. ■,'•'./•,.,•
GAME— Doves, per dozen,' 75c; Hare, ?1@1 23;
Rabbits, $1 SO for Cottontails and SI for Brush;
Mallard, «®4 50; Canvasback, fcf 5; Sprig.
*2 50; Teal. $1 75©2: Widgeon, $1 75: Small
Ducks. $1 25@1 50; Black Jacks. $150: English
Snipe, $2; Jack Snipe, Jl 50; Gray Geese. $3 50
@4; White Geese. $1 50; Brant, *2 50@3 per
dozen; Honkers, }4@a.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter stands precisely as before. ■ Fine
creameries are taking care ot themselves, but
the market is crowded, with medium and lower
grades, which are • dragging.
Cheese Is weak under liberal stocks.
The downward tendency, in Eggs, while not
pronounced, la sufficient to keep the market
weak and lead buyers to demand concessions.
It takes a fine, large Egg to bring 35c, and
then it is only in a small way.
Receipts were 23J100 pounds of Butter, — —
pounds of Eastern Butter, 423 cases of Eggs.
cases of Eastern Eggs, 1900 pounds of
California Cheese and pounds of Eastern
Cheese. -
BUTTER— Creamery, 23©24c per lb for fancy
and 20@21c for seconds; dairy. 17%@20c; store
Butter, 14@17c per lb; Creamery Tub, 21@22&c;
Pickled Roll. 19@20c; Keg. lSS19c per lb.
CHEESE— New, 12c: old. iO'Ailfll'.ic; Young
America, 13c per lb: Eastern. 131J15c.
KGGS— Randi, 32^4@35a for selected large.
3ia.";o for good to choice and 30c for fair;
store, 23@27Vic per dozen; cold storage, 20®
25c; Eastern, 20@27%c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Large Strawberries are scearce and choice
Longworths are also selling well. The regu
lar train was late.
Persimmons are slow, the market being over
stocked.
Receipts of Grar>es continue to dwindle.
Fresh stock sells well enough, though there
is no shipping. There is plenty of old stock
lying around and selling for almost anything.
Orances, Lemons and Limes remain about
as before. Oranges continue weak under large
wuyplles. A car of extra Navels -from Red
lands sold at 12 25@2 50, but these figures were
above the market.
The regular winter auctions of Oranges will
-be resumed on the 16th.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— $1 5002 per box for extra, 75cO j
$1 £5 for good to choice and 35&i65c for ordin
ary: Lady Apples, $IJ;-.
MlMEURANATES- *l 23 per box.
PEAHS— Winter kinds, |1®3 per box.
yl)lNCKS-40ijri6Cc per box.
1 J EKSIMMONS— 25»j75c per box.
STRA"\\ BF.RK1ES— }8'*ia per chest for Long
v.orths and J?"5 1 for large berries.
ULAi'KBEKKIES-'o&T per chest.
RASPBERRIES— 14 5C(&6 per chest.
CRANBERRIES— Eastern. JUO@11 per bar
rel; Coos Bay. $3 per box.
FIGS— Black, per box; white, .
GRAPES— Verdels. 75cf?U per box; Black. 40
@7i>c; Cornkhons. S0<685o.
CITRUS FRUITS-Navel Oranges. »1©1 25
for standards. $1 3iKf?>l *5 for choice and %Z tor
fancy: Seedlings. 73c!j?fl 23: Tangerines. HO
1 £5. Japanese Mandarins. Ilf?l 75; Lemons, *'•©
1 50 f'T common and VS- 53 for good to choice;
Grape Fruit. $lfi3 SO; Mexican Limes. $3 50<&
4' Bananas, J-iu."! per bunch for New Orleans
and 50ctt$l £5 for Hawaiian; 1'ineapples. $384
per Ooun.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The Raisin situation continues Interesting..
as ' the struggle for the control of stocks Is
sharp. Meanwhile the goods arc In brisk de
mand and moving off well. Prunes are equally
active and firm, with higher prices possible
before long. The other fruits are steady, but
FltU ITS— Apricots, 7©3V»o for Royals and 8®
13c tor standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 7«?S4c; min-drled. J'4®44c;
Peaches 5©74c: Pears. 4<JJ8c; Plums, pitted. 4'j
©6c;vunpttted. lJJ2c; Nectarines. 5®31ic for red
and 5'.4tf«4c for white; Figs, 3©3>ic for black.
PRUNES— New crop are quoted as follows:
SO-40'8, 3U®3',4c: 40-60's. 45i©Sc: 50-60'n. 414©
4Uc; 60-70's, 3%@4c: 70-80's. 3*©3Hc; 80-9iya. 2%
esc: SO-lCO's, 2»4©2V4c Per lb. - ; „,
RAISINS— (Price per 20-lb box): Clusters-
Imperial $3: Dchesa. J2 50; fancy. $1.75; 4
crown $1 60; London Layers— Three-crown,
$1 20; two-crown. $1 10. Price per lb: Standard
lcos* Muscatels— Four-crown, ; three
crown, ; two-crown. ; Seedless Mu*ca
tels ; Seedless Sultanas, 6>4c: Thompson
Seedless 6%c; Bleached Sultanas— Fancy. 8%c;
choice 7"4c; standard, 6"4c; prime. 5V4o; un
bleached Sultanas, 5c. Bleached Thompson's—
Extra fancy lie; fancy. 10c; choice. 9c; stan
dard. 7^ic: prime, 6}ic Fancy seeded. ;
C NUTS— Chestnuts." 10@12V4c; "Walnuts. No. 1
softshell. 9Vic: No. 2. 7V4c; No. 1 hardshell, 9c:
No 2, 7c; Almonds, ll@12c for papershell. 9@
10c' for eof tshell and 6@7c for hardshell ; Pea
nuts, 6@7c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts. 12@12%c;
Filberts. 12@12*7ic; Pecans. lKglSc; Cocoanuts.
S3 5005
HONEY— Comb. 12@12%c for bright and 10®
HVic for light amber; water white extracted,
5@6c: light amber extracted. 4@5c; dark. 4c
BEESWAX— 25@28c per lb.
Provisions.
Conditions remain unchanged, both here and
in the East. Chicago advanced again, the
market deriving its chief support from the lib
eral country buying. The demand In this mar
ket Is hardly equal to the supply.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 1114c per lb for
heavy, 12c for light medium, 13c for light.
14c for extra light and ll*>4c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13c; California
Hams, 12Vac: Mess Beef. JlOfJlO 50 per barrel:
extra Mesa. $11@11 50; Family, $12@12 50; prima
Mess Pork. $15: extra clear, $22 50@23: Mess.
$18 50® 19; Smoked Beef. 13%@14c per lb.
LARD— Tierces, quoted at 8c per lb for
compound and. He for pure; half barrels, pure,
ll»ic: lC-lb tins. ll%c; 5-lb tins. ll%c; 3-lb tins.
12c. •
COTTOLENK— One half-barrel. 10Hc; three
half-barrels. 10c: one tierce. 9>»c; two tierces.
9%c; five tierces. 9%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Hides are quieter and weaker, both here and
in the East. Prices show no further change,
however.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie: medium.. lOo: light. 9%c: Cow
Hides. 0%c for heavy and . OSa'/jC for light;
Stags. 7c: Salted Kip. 9lic; Salted Veal, 9V4c;
Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides, 16',ie: Culls. He;
Dry Kip. 1Sc: Dry Calf. 18c; Culls and Brands.
13c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 154£COc each; short
Wool. 4G*»60c each: medium. 60rgS5c; Ions
Wool. 80c6?t 10 each: Horse Hides, salt.
$2 5CQ2 73 for large and $232 23 for me
dium. Jl 73 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry, $1 73 for large. $1 25@1 50 for me
dium. $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins—Summer or red skins. 35o; fall or me
dium skins. £Cc: winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins — Prime Anporas. 73c; large - and
.-month. oGc; medium, 33c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 6c per lb; No. S.
4Vi-<9*"-'"- grease. 3c.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 to 19C1— Southern, de
fective, 7 months. 7<&Sc: Oregon Valley fine.
13fil5e; do, medium and coarse, lt@13c; Ore
gon, Eastern, choice. ll®13c; do. fair to good,
k&lle; Nevada. 10@12c.
Fall— San Joaquln. 6'/4@8>4c; San Joaquin
Lambs', 7' / J@9c: Middle County. S@10c; North
ern Mountain, free. SijlOc; do, defective, 8@3c
per lb.
IlOrS— 9<?l(te for fair and ll@12c per lb for
good to choice.
San Francisco Meat Market.
-Hogs are quiet and easy at the decline al
ready noted. The other meats are unchanged.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6@7c for Steers and 5®6c per lb for
Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7H@8»4c: small. 8®9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7®7V£c: Ewes, <HO7c
per lb. • .
LAMB^8@S«c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, from 130 to KO lbs. 5^c;
under 150 lbs. 5'i@5»ic; sows, 20 per cent
off, boars 30 per cent off and stags 40 per cent
off from the above quotations; dressed Hogs.
7%@S?ic.
General Merchandise.
■ \ ._
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 7e; local
make, %c less than Calcuttas: Wool Bags. 32
©35c; Fleece Twine. 7%@Se: Fruit Bags. 5%O
6}jc for cotton and "©7^0 for Jute.
-.COAL — Wellington. }3 ner ton: Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant, $S 60; Coos
Bay. $5 50; Wallsend. $S 50; Co-operative Walls
end. $8 50; Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $13 23
in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egc. $15;
Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk
and- $17 In' sacks: Rocky Mountain descrip
tions. $S 45 per 2000 lbs and $S 50 per ton, ac
cord ins to brand. .
RICE-China, No. 2, $4 12*,i@4 15; No. 1. U 70
Hi SO; extra, $5 20@5 50; Japanese, $5 25®6:
Louisiana, $4 25©6 50: Hawaiian, $4 50.
OILS— Linseed is lower again. California
Castor OH. in cases, No. 1, 70c; pure
$120; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled. 63c
raw, C.".o; cases, 5c more: Lueol, 60c for
boiled and 68c for raw In barrels: Lard Ol!
extra winter strained, barrels, 85c; eases, 90c-
China Nut.' KfiKs per gallon: pure Neatsfoot'
In "barrels. 70c; cases. 75c: Sperm, pure, 63c;
Whale Oil. natural white, 40@45c per gallon
Ffsh Otl. barrel*. 37*£c: cases. 42%e; Cocoanut
Oil. , barrels. 63Hc , for Ceylon and SS'.ic for
Australian.
COAL OrL— Water White Coal OIL Jn bulk
l3V4c: Pe^rl Oil, In case*. 20c; Astral. 20c; Star
iOc; Extra Star. 24c: Elaine. 25c; Eocene 22c
deodorized stove Gasoline, In bulk, 15c; In
cases, 21'ic; Benzine, in bulk. 14c; In cases
Sfl'/ie: 86-desree Gasoline, In bulk, 28c; In cases
2614c. ' ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ • - -
TURPENTINE— 58i,4c per erallon in cases and
Sin In drjirm ami iron barrels. /
■ : SUGAR— The Western Sn?a»- Reflnlns Com
pany quot*n. po r lb. In 100-lh bags:
Cuhes. Crushed and Ffno Crushed. 5.30c;
Powdered, 5.15c; Candy Granulated. 5.15c- Dry
Granulated, 5.05c: Confectioners' A. 0.05c: Fruit
Granulated. 5.05c; Beet Granulated (I00-lb baes
only). 4.95c: Magnolia A. 4.65c: Extra C. 4.35c;
GoMen C. 4.45c; D. 4.33c; barrels. 10c more;
half-fcairels.' 25c more: boxes. BOc more; 60-lb
hass,U0c more. No orders taken for less than
", -bsrroiR or Itn.. equivalent. Domlnos. halt
barrels. 5.55c: boxes. 5.80c cer lb.
TOR SATORDAT. DECEMBER T.
Flour, qr aks 3S.2SO Leather, rolls .... W3
Wheat, ctla .183,732 Shorts, sks X8S
Barley. ctla 3.970 Chicory, bbls ... - 55
Corn, ctls S70 Mustard Seed. sk» »5
Sujrar. ctls 13,836 Bran, sks J,3&>
Tallow, ctls 244 Middlings, ska .. 1.27.*.
Pelts, bdls 91: Potatoes, sks .... J.83O
Hldea, No Sll: Beans. »ks 1,919
Brandy, gall .... 2.200 Straw, ton* ..... IS
TV Ine. gala 115.400 Hay, tons 4M
OREGON. • v -
Flour, qr sks 18.431 Onions, sits ...... 171
Potatoes, ska .... J.99S
STOCK MARKET.
For Saturday trading was rery seed on th»
Bond exchange, but quotations showed Ilttl*
change. Some Bank of California stock sold
at $410. Tha oil stocks stood about as befor».
The 23c assessment on Equitable Gas falfa
delinquent on the 10th; sal» day, December SO.
Brea Canyon Oil has declared a dividend of
2 per cent and an ejrtra one of th* timt
amount, the first payable on ti» 10th aad tb«
second on tha 20th.
Sales on the Producers' Oil Szchangs lait
week were 29,(91 shares, valued at $15,743, tfc*
leading sales being aa follows: Apollo, 2500
shares: Bear Flag, 2000; California Standard.
1300; Caribou, 1560; Giant, 1000: Independence.
1000; Petroleum Center. 3400; Plttsburg, 1500:
Reed, 4400; Oil City. 1800; Uon, £250; Sterling,
1000.
Ths Boston and Montana Mining Company
fcas declared a dividend of $5 per share. A
larger amount was expected, but nearly all
the copper companies reduced their last divi
dends. The previous dividend, paid In August,
was $19 per share. This will mak» tour divi
dends by the company for this year. amount-
Ing to $5,250,000, making a total of $=S,r5.C0«
to date.
STOCK USTD BOND EXCHANGE,
SATURDAY. Dea. 1—13 a.
traiTED STATES BONDS.
Btd-Ask. I • Bid. As*.
4s quar coup.. 112^113 Us qr cj> (n«w) .13814140 I
Is quar reg — lll'.jU2 'Sa quar coup.,10Sb —
MISCEIXANFOUS BONDa
Bay C P C 5s.lO7ii — Oceanic S3 5s.l»4 1P8
2al-st 5s 113 — Omnibus C 6».123U1»
C C Water os.111 — Pao G Im» 4s. 94. 9THi
Ed L A P 6s. — — Pk 4 C H 6a.. — 113
Fer & Cl H 68.120H — Pk A O R 6s. .131 —
Geary-st 5s.... — 100 Powll-st R gs.llSTilCO
U C & S 5V4s. — — Sac E- O R U. 93 —
Do 5s 99% — 3 F & 8JV 88.123^4124;
Los Anr R 5s. US — Bierra Cal Is.. — —
Z, A Light 6s. .10114 — 3 P of Aria 6s
Do *ntd 63..10O — UM8) US%114
Do gntd 5a.. 103 103?; (1910) — —
L. A & P Ss....lO2U — B P of Cal Sa
Do 1 c m Ss.101 103 (1X5). Sar A.10?X109»£
Mkt-st Cab fcs.ir.*; — (1305), Ser B.100 109x1
Dolcm 5s.l22*4123li (190«) 110 111 1 *
N R of Cal 6s.ll2*sU3% O912) H8& —
Do 6s 121U — S P of Cal 1st
Nor Tac C Ba.lO'H — c imtd 6s....lO» —
Nor Cal R Ba. — — B P Br Cal 8S.135H —
Oak Gas 6s....U3H — 3 V Water 8s.Ul<113^i
Oak Trans 6«..121»ii:3'i Do 4s 1C2% —
Do lat c 5a.. — 1ir » Do 4a. 3d m.100 101
I>ak Wat g 5».104>;iO5 IStktn Gaa 63..102H —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 75% 78 iPort CosU .... «H 9*
Marln County. 6S — Spring Valley. 83 $3
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP... 234 t»i I Pacific Light.. 41 —
Kqutt G L Co. S'$ — Sacramento ... — 40
Mutual — S S F G & B... 42% 43'i
<)nk G !• * II. 51 — San Francisco* 5*4 —
Pao Gas Imp. — 43 Stktn G & E. $ —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fund.24Ji4 — /
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .... 7>V4 — L P A A H2H179
California ....410 — Mer Ex (llq).. ISVi —
Cal Safe Dep..lO9«i — S F Natlon*1.130 —
First Nation!. 32ft —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1923 — Fav & Loan... — fi
Humboldt .... — — Security Sav..Si50 340
Mutual Sav... 69 — Union Trust. .1SC0 —
S F Sav U....5:5 — I
STREET RAILROADS.
California ....143 154 lOSLt H.... 40 —
Geary — 50 Presidio Si —
Market 8S»i 90 I
POWDER.
Giant — 88 [Vlgorlt — 4%
SUGAR.
Hana 3'i 6 IKlIauea — lUi
Hawaiian 35 40 Makawell 23 21
Konokaa lnv; 10U Onomea C2>i —
Hutcnlnson ... 11 '. 3 U** IPaauhau 10U 10|-i
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Paclc..l65>il3S\i Oceanic S Co. 4SH 50
Cal Fruit Asn. — 100 Pac Aux FA. 2% —
Cal Wine Asn. 87% 89% Pac C Borax.150 —
Uer Exchnge.UO — Par Faint .... 1» —
Morning Session.
100 Alaska Packers' Assn 136 0O
4 Bank of California .....410 OO
20 California Street R R 150 00
13 Contra Coeta Water 75 00
100 Equitable- Gas 3 25
50 Hcnokaa 10 i*.
235 Hutchinson S P Co , 14 50
10O Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co 11 (K)
$t000 Nor Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds 121 50
*3O,0OO Oakland Transit Co 5 per cent bds.lll 00,
83 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90 43 P1»
$1000 S P of Arizona. (1310).... i 114 Z">
$5000 S V 6 per cent bonds 112 00
Street—
$2flQ0 Oceanic S 8 bonds 104 25
10 Pacific Gas Imp 40 CO
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board — . '■■• ' .
1000 Bear Flag n
2 Hanford 13 CO
Vm Lion 0T
100 Monte Cristo 1 62MJ
100 Monte Cristo « 1 (W
1800 011 City Petroleum (s S) » a
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In th« San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
' Morning Session.
400 Best & Belcher 13f 400 Sierra Nevada. ■ ««
POO Gould & Curry «6 3P0 Yellow Jacket. OS
' 200 Justice ........ 01 200 Yellow Jacket. 05
2C0 Mexican lit
The following- -were the sales In the Paciflo
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Belcher 0:1 SCO Mexican H
SCO Belcher 05 500 Ophlr (g
130O Best & Belcher 1C iOO Savage 04.
400 Best & Belcher 14 S0O Union Con. .... 10>
200 Con Cal & Va.1 62li 500 Union Con .... U
500 Crown Point... 01
\ CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, Dec. T— 13 m.
Bid. Ask Bld.Aak.
Alpha — C: Justice 01 02
■Mta 05 ot Kentnck — 03
\ndes 01 C3 Lady Wash W —
belcher 02 03 Mexican It 15
Best & Belcher 12 13 Occidental 03 H
Bullion 02 C3 Ophlr «* «3
Caledonia 13 15 Overman, 03 03
Challenge Con 03 10 Potost 02 0.1
Chollar 03 04 Savage 03 04
Confidence ..... 55 SO Scorpion ........ — <M
Con Cal & Va..l 60 1 65 Se* Belcher .... — 03
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 0? 07
Con New York. 01 — Silver Hill 23 30
Crown Point ... 01 02 St. Louis — 04
Eureka Con .... 14 — Standard 8 60 3 85
; Exchequer — 03 Syndicate ...... 45 07
Gould & Curry. OS CS Union Con ..... 10 11
: Hale & Korcrsa 13 13 XJtab 05 09
Julia — 01 Yellow Jacket.. 06 07
National Union.
The next function of the National Union
Social and Literary Club will be given In
Odd Fellows' Hall on the night of th»
11th inst., under the management of the)
general committee composed of W. TV.
Healey, E. A. Kidd, J. N. Bunting and
F. H. Hastings. The following Is the pro
gramme that has been prepared:
Selections, Sichel's Orchestra, (1) march.
"Creole Belles." (2) valse de concert. "An
Autumn Bud"; barytone solo, "The Great Be
yond," !». E. Beban; comic recitation, Carrie
True-Boardman; the child wonder, Little Alma
Wuthrich, character change artist, the only
child dancing on her toes while swinging doubla
batons; xylophone solo. "The Rose of Au
vergne," J. Casad; a comic opera In one act.
personae — Fleurette, landlandy of a village cab
aret. Mrs.' E. Burns; Alphonse, a shoemaker,
William M. Osilvie; Gaston, a blacksmith. J.
C. O'DonnelL ,
Senator James E. Field will be ths
chairman of the evening. The programme
will be followed by dancins.
California Council will have for Its new
officers, who are to be installed on tho
third Wednesday in January, the follow
ing named: A. K. Kingsford. P.: E. A.
SI. Gilbert, V. P.: Charles Bendel. S.;
Charles H. Van Orden, K. S.; .11. A.
Graves, V. S. ; Fred Schumacher, T.;
George "Wale. C; J. B. McGufflck. XJ.: I*
W. Clarke, S. at A.; A. A. (Lou) Banz.
D. K.: H. L. Tlcknor, G. W. Luce and
F. F. Conner, trustees; W. A. S. Nichol
son, W. R. Drelsbach, P. A. Doano, F. A.
Sleiper. A. K. Kingsford. C. R. Ford. Dr.
M. B. Estees and A. M. McPherson. dele
gates to the cabinet. This council will
hereafter meet but twice a month, on tho
first and third "Wednesdays. G. W. Luce,
who was initiated in this'council, but took
a demit when he took up his residence In
Los Angreles. having returned to this city
has again enrolled his name on the roster
of California. J. R. McGufflck, re-elected
usher, enters upon his eleventh year in
that office. Worlds may come' and worlds
may go, but McGufilck will so on, *u
usher, forever.
3940
bAH FHAJf CISCO OALU
VUBINKS8 OFFICE of The Ban Franclsoo
CalL corner of Market and Third streets; open
until u o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFTCES-627 Montgomery street,
terser Clay; open until 9:t» p. m.
SOO Hayes street; open until >:S0 p. m.
63* MeAlllfer street: open until 8: JO p. m.
SIS Lerkln street; open until 9:80 p. ra.
l»4l Mission rtreet; open until 10 p. m.
£261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; opea
BEtll.« p. ra.
J2L^l* v * nth rtr * et 0 P« a » P. n.
1006 Valencia street, open until » p. m.
"Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
to .££r *******: open until 9 p. ra.
ZZOO Flllmore street; open until 1 p. m.
CHURCH SERVICES.
IXRINITY Church, corner Bush and Gough sts.
— Holy communion 7:80 a. m. Sunday school
8:80 a. ra. Morning service 11 o'clock; ser-
mon by rector. Afternoon service 4 o'clock;
address by the assistant. People's one hour
service S p. m.; music by the full choir. Ser-
mon by the rector. All seats free.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, California
and Octavla ets.— Rev. John Hemphill, D. D..
pastor; Rev. George G. Eldredge, associate
pastor. In the absence of Dr. Hemphill,
dedicating the Presbyterian church at Healds-
burg, Mr. Eldredge will preach at 11 a. m.
and at 7:80 p. m. Sabbath school at 10 a, m.
and at 12:80 p. rn. Y. P. S. C. E. at 6:30 p.
m. Prayer meeting Wednesday at 8 p. m.
AH are cordially invited.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, corner of Van
Ness ave. and Sacramento St.— Services at 11
a, xn. and 7:30 p. m. Sunday-school at 12:45
p. m. Christian Endeavor at 6:15 p. m. Rev.
W. K*. Guthrle will preach both morning and
evening. All are cordially invited.
CENTRAL Church, Mission et., bet. Sixth and
Seventh— Pastors, Arthur H. Brlggs and Her-
bert F. Briggs. 11 a. ra. sermon; topic,
"What We Are to Christ." 12:45 p. m., Sun-
day school, Rolla V. Watt, superintendent.
6:15 p. xn.. Societies of Christian Endeavor.
7:80 p. xn. concert; programme: Organ solo,
prelude (Berthold Tours); chorus anthem,
"Hear, O Lord (Watson); quartet, "Art
Thou Weary (Schnecker): violin solo, "Noc-
turne" (Mendelssohn). Charles E. Robson;
chorus anthem, "Slon" (Rodney). 8 p. m.,
sermon; topic. "A Good Man's Recklessness."
The pastors will preach morning and even*
Ing. Rosooe Warren Lucy, organist and
choirmaster. The seats are free and the peo-
ple are welcome.
PIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner of Hayes and Buchanan sts.—
Rev. John Stephens, pastor. Sermon at 11
a. m. by Rev. J. N. Beard. D. D. At 7:30
p. m, the pastor will preach on "Counting
Faith for Righteousness." Excellent musio
by large choir and male quartet; I. E. Blake,
director. Snnday school at 12:45 p. m. Ep- :
■worth League at 6:30 p. ra.
RICHMOND Congregational Church, corner
Seventh ave. and Clement st. — Pastor, Rev.
Philip Coombe; residence, 2415 Jackson st.;
telephone Jackson 1S4L At 11 a, ra., patriotlo
service; subject, "President Roosevelt and
His Message." At 7:45 p. ra., theme. "The
Gospel In The Man from Glengarry." " Sun-
day school, 9:45 a. nx; Christian Endeavor
Society. 6:45 p. ra. Seats free. A cordial
welcome for every one.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post
and Mason sts.— Rev. George C. Adams, D.
D., pastor, will preach at both services. At
11 a. ra., topic. "What Does Our City Need
Most?" At 7:30 p. m.. topic. "The Valley of
Baca." All are cordially invited.
tNITARIAN Church (First), iw! corner
Geary and Franklin sts.— Rev. Bradford
Leavitt, minister; Rev. Dr. Stebblns, minis-
ter emeritus: Charles A. Murdock, superin-
tendent of Supday school. The Sunday school
is at 10 o'clock. The morning service is at
11 o'clock. Rev. Mr. Leavitt will preach;
subject. "God In Man." The choir will ren-
der Mendelsshon's cantata, "Hear Our
Prayer." All are cordially invited. There is
no evening sen-ice.
UNITARIAN Church (Second), corner Capp
and Twentieth Ets. — Rev. E. F. Dinsmore,
minister. Sunday school at 9:45 o'clock. The
minister will preach at 11 o'clock on "The
Religious Influence of Poetry," and at 7:45
o'clock on "Childish Religion." All seats
are free and strangers cordially welcome.
EMMANUEL Baptist Church. Bartlett St..
near Twenty-third— Morning service, 11
o'clock. Sermon by Rev. J. George Gibson.
Subject, "Some Men's Opinion of Christ.''
Evening, 7:30, sermon by Rev. J. George Gib-
eon, subject, "Christ Revealing the Father "
and barytone solo, "He Hideth Me" (Gabriel) .
BEVENTH-DAY Adventist Church. 914 La-
guna st.. bet. McAllister and Golden Gate
ave. Preaching this evening at 7:30 o'clock
by the pastor. Elder W. S. Sadler. Subject,
"Industrial, Social and Other Indications of
an End Approaching." All are cordially ln-
vited. Beats free.
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist. Central
block. 223 Sutter St.. between Kearny st. and
Grant ave.— Christian Science service at 11
a. m. : subject of lesson-sermon. "Sacra-
ment." Sunday school for children at the
came hour. Wednesday evening meeting at
8 o'clock. Free reading-rooms. 208 Kearny
gt. rooms 609-510. All are welcome.
FREE religious services conducted by the Rev
Benjamin Fay Mills at Golden Gate Hall. 625
Butter et.. above Mason, on Sunday evening
at S o'clock. Mr. Mills will deliver his sec-
ond lecture on "The Riddle of the Universe—
Unsatisfactory Answers." Vocal and Instru-
mental music. All seats free; doors open at
7:15 p. ra.
THEOSOPHICAL— Free public lecture every
Sunday at 8 p. m.. Flood bldg.. 809 Market
Et. Subject to-night. "The Good, the True
£?,?, Beautiful." by Mr. Charles P. Nellson!
Bible class, Sundays, 11 a. m., by Marie A
Walsh. Inquirers' class and lecture on
Thought Culture, Thursdays. 2:30 p. m. Free
lending library open Mondays, Thursdays
and Saturdays, 1 to 4 p. xn. and Saturday
evenings.
•THE Theosophical Society— Public lecture to-
night at 8 p. m. in Odd Fellows' bldg. by
Mr. Thomas Prime of Birmingham. England
Subject, "The Human Aura." Children's
Group, the Golden Chain, meets Sunday, 11
a. m. Inquirers' class Sunday, n a. m. Pub-
lic meetings on Thursday afternoon at 2-30
and Tuesday evening. 8 p. m. Lending li-
brary open dally from 1 to 4 p. xn.: also
Tuesday evening from 7:30 to 9 p. m.
A r G ? EAT m " s meeting for young men this
Sunday afternoon at 3 o'clock in the Young
Men's Christian Association Auditorium
Mason and Ellis streets. Address by Rev.
Ernert E. Baker. D. D. Subject. "Men of
Mind— A Study of Faith." All men Invited.
THE First Mental Science Temple of San
Francisco meets every Sunday morning at 11
o'clock sharp In Golden Gate Hall. €25 Sutter
6treet. This morning Dr. R. Brown will de-
liver his lecture on "The Evolution of the
Earth and Man." The lecture will be Illus-
trated with charts. Seats free. Collection
Trill be taken. -
MEETINGS — SU\DAY. ~~~
AA— DR. JOHN A. KERGAN will lecture this
evening at Crystal . Hall, Pythian Castle. 9C9
Market St.. to Gentlemen Only (appropriate
illustrations). Those attending may procure
free tickets to the X-ray exhibition at Sani-
tarium next Tuesday evening. Seats free; no
collection. Remember the Question Box.
A— SPIRITUAL test meeting. 009 Market st.
front hall— 11, free; 2:30-8, 10c. Wilson and the
regular mediums; entertainment and dance
Wednesday, Dec. 11.
BPIRTTCAI. meeting, 909 Market: 11. free; 2-8.
10c; Mr. Swan, limes. Maxwell, Wren, Mll-
ler, Mott, others; 'Dr. Howland, evangelist. •
MRS. EBERHARTS spiritual test meeting to-
night. 2250 Twenty-second st.. betweenMls-
slon and Valencia; 10c.
PROGRESSIVE Spiritualists, Occidental Hail,
805 Larkln St., Dec 8, 7:30 p. xn., Mrs. R. 8.
Llllle. speaker; free.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit re-
turn to-night. 60S McAllister; 10c; come.
skeptics. '
■ A «-'? : 2 W /' leeture : Henry Harrison Brown.
Odd Fellows bldg.. 6 j>. m-i seats free; music.
"ARNOLD & Dlckson leave Wed.; read. 60c $1;
last materializing seance to-night. 201 Turk!
FULL form materializing seance Sun. Wed .
Frl.. 8 o'clock; 60c; sittings daily. 118 Eddy.
A £ HE ? T>O 'materializing seance to-night. 8;
SOc 13M Post, nr. Franklin; sand read, daily!
M^?- M^ RY EVANS 1 circle this eve., 8 o'clock.
10c, and every evening except Friday. 120 6th!
W -,iL KE:E i >AN .. hold " «P lr »tual meeting every
night ex. Saturday; admission 10c. 148 Sixth.
C « V v MILLER 'S rnaterlalizing eeance. 1084
8 elate - wrttln « to-night,
MEETT*XGS Universal Brotherhood.
INTERNATIONAL Brotherhood League (non-
polltlcal and uneectarian). 810 O^Fajrell st.-.
Meeting to-night; subject, "The Perils of
Greatness"; musical selections; all Invited.
MEETING "NOTICES.
ilOUNT Morlah Lodge No. 44, F. and .
A. M.— Officers and members are re- ML
epectfully re<ruc*ted to assemble at the *V V
temple. MONDAY. Dec 8. at 2 p. m.,/VS
for the purpose of attending the obsequies
of our lat* brother. ROBERT Wilson
MURPHY. By order of the W. M. yLXJMJN
; THEO. FROLICH. Secy.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
, process from W. W. Stone Sr., In the Red
Hill gravel mine, near Placerville. El Do-
rado County, to deposit tailings In a worked-
out pit; from Mrs. OUvene A. Stone, in the
Glgnac gravel mine, near Placerville, El Do-
rado County, to deposit tailings in Webber
Creek; and from J. B. Lassiat. In the Las-
elat mine, at Poker Flat. Sierra County, to
deposit tailings in a worked-out pit, gives
notice that a meeting will be held at room
CS. Flood building. San Francisco, Cal., on
December a, 1901, at 1:30 p. xn,
TTirmniMs»^i— — ssi'— nisfris sm iT isiiissi — i sf —■ sfrT nilTT iTifiBilrM^F
" ■ AGEXTS WAJTTBP. .: . -
START a mall order business; we tell you how,
furnish catalogues, circulars, stationery, etc,
and place ads In a list of 40 different maga-
zines on credit; particulars free. Chicago
Specialty Co., 134 Van Buren St., Chicago.
HOLIDAY books for -everybody; lady, gentle-
men., boy or girl agents send for samples;
books now ready; don't forget Halstead's
Life of MoKlnley; we are the agents. THE
J. DEWING CO.. Flood building.
AGENTS wanted to sell our new, patented
chemical automatlo gas lighters; they sell
on eight; no more matches needed. Coast
Lighting Co., 28 Second St., San Franolscoi
A MERCANTILE agency wants reliable men
to sell memberships. The Retail Credit and
Collection Association, box 578, N. Boulder,
Colo. -
AGENTS — Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or lnsur-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
AGENTS make $10 per day selling our novelty
machines to farmers and rig owners. FOOTE
MFG. CO.. Los Angeles, Cal.
CANVASSERS for S. F. and Alameda coun-
ties; patent pen; 40 per cent profit. R. W.
GLENN. Frultvale. ■
GOOD steady agent; to right man will pay sal-
ary and commission. BROWN. 418 Larkln st.
TWO men wanted to canvass something new.
1067 Market ct., room L . i
ASPHALTUM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
palpcd; postal 1186 Mission: teL Folsom 2477.
CITY ASPHALTUM CO., 632 Market St.— Roofs,
eldewe.lkg, floors; cheap rates. Tel. Red 2332.
ATTORNEYS AT "LAW.
ADVICE free ; divorces a specialty; quick, quiet:
no charge without nuccess; established 16 yrs.
Open evenings by appointment; phone John 318L
G. W. HOWE, 850 Market St.. cor. Stockton.-
I ADVICE free; divorces private; bankruptcy; col-
lections; attachments; mortgages; bills of sale;
partnerships; deeds; wills drawn :fees low; open
eve's. THURSTON, 1008& Mkt.. r. 4, opp. 6th.
ADVICE free; divorce law specialty; private;
office open evenings; moderate fee If success-
fuL HUGH C. GRANT. 927 Market st.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket St.; consultation free; no fees In advance.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
LADY would like 1 or 2 children under 7 years
to board. Apply 1205 Laguna st.
GOOD home for girl not under 3 years; private
family. 4106 Twentieth st.
BOOKS— NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. TeL Red 295*.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission St..
BUREAU TRUNKS.
TRUNKS of every description at bedrock
prices. Factory and salesroom. 826 Howard.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
MILES & CO., 927 Market St., room 208.
$4500— Hotel in dairy country; always full.
$5000— Hotel in farming country; close to city.
$600— Restaurant, this city; very central.
$2000— Saloon and building; rent $40.
A full list of all kinds business chances too
long- to advertise; see us.
WE have all kinds of business chances— If you
want to buy, come and see our list; we can
suit you; sellers do well to list their property
with us; we can find a buyer quick. MILES
& CO., 927 Market st., room 208.
STENBERG CO., 759 Market stT
Phone Black 5491.
Buys and sells real estate, furniture, lodging-
houses, restaurants, business chances of all
kinds. Phone calls promptly attended.
$350— PARTNER wanted in the manufacturing
business; clears $100 to $150 per month to each
partner. Call 935 Market St., room 14.
ICECREAM parlor and candy store doing a fine
business; must be sold; price $450; call and
Investigate. Room 14, 935 Market st.
HEALY & HENDERSON, phone James 2771.
6 Eddy St., rooms 18 and 19.
Hotels, restaurants, lodging-houses, grocery
stores, cigar stores, ranches, oil lands, leases.
Money to loan on any of the above.
McBRIDE & CO., 765 Market st.
If you want to buy or sell business, call at
our. office, room 2; see our large list of dif-
ferent chances; a friendly Inquiry costs noth-
Ing. v
A— FOR cigar stands that actually make money
see C. L. HEDGES, 461-463 Parrott building.
HONEST speculation— Make your money earn
steady income; $25 upward Invested with us
will earn 30 to 40 per cent monthly, payable
every 15 days; send for new book, "Success-
ful systematic Speculation," free: tells "dpw
to operate on grain market without loss;
Highest commercial and financial references.
FRED E. PARKER, Broker. 155 La Saile St.,
Chicago, IlL ,
GOOD business man and wife for branch office
of an established business; should have some
money for running expenses; splendid oppor-
tunity for those looking for legitimate busi-
ness propositions; must have references. Box
2638. Call office.
$3000 WILL buy interest In manufacturing bus-
iness established 10 years and give position
at $150 per month; Invoice on hand; all new,
fresh 6tock; will sell for $12,000. Address
box 2695. Call office.
$400— CIGAR Etand, stock and fixtures, on main
street of lively town of 4000 Inhabitants; 2
hours from San Francisco; must be sold at
once on account of owner's health. Address
box 2622, Call office.
TO lease for a term of years to a reliable party
—A first-class new family hotel, unfurnished;
centrally located; on sunny side of street; con-
talns 140 rooms. Address box 26S5. Call office.
STEADY man who can loan employer $300 on
ample security; I •will give steady employ-
ment, good wages and chance to advance In
business. Address Mfg.; box 2470, Call office.
49 PER CENT average, monthly profit on our
plan speculation during past 4 years; particu-
lars on application; mention paper. HAM-
MOXD & CO.. 23 Park Row. New York.
$300— CANDY and icecream store, with living
rooms; rent $16; must sell, as the owner is
going East; established 12 years. Business
Board Trade, 326 Pine st.
FOR sale— Good teaming business with list cus-
tomers; net owner 1250 month; selling account
111 health; no agents wanted. Box 2693, Call.
$5000 WILL buy half interest in proprietary
medicine that will double money in a year
Address Pro-Med., box 2694. Call office.
$1000— PARTNER wanted In established butter
business; hotel and restaurant trade- will net
$150 month each. Box 2629, Call office.
WANTED-For partner, lady physician with
capital. Inquire at Vibration Massage Insti-
tute. 1065 Washington st.. Oakland, Cal.
GROCERY, fruit and vegetable business; good
location. Box 2367. Call office. Oakland.
$300— PARTNER wanted In old established com-
mission business. Box 2605, Call office.
PROBATE Bale— Grocery and bar; good busi-
ness location; cheap rent. Bids received and
full particulars at office of C. F. MOORE,
935 Market st.. room 8.
I WILL Invest $300 with a first-class oyster
cook to open oyster and chop house. Address
box 2597, Call office.
ACTIVE dry goods salesman with $1000 or more
can secure good investment and position with
risii* house. Address O. STEWART, 17 Mar-
ket st., San Francisco.
WANTED— A hardware store in city of 1000 to
6000 inhabitants; cash sale. Address box W
Auburn, Cal.
FOR sale— A good planing mill in a lumber
yard; located in a growing town. Address
P. O. box 459. Healdsburg. Cal.
FOR Sale— Saloon: good location. Apply 644
Sacramento st.. room 3.
INCOME of $1000 per year can be secured by
any one taking trouble to investigate our
plans; no gold mine, oil well , or gambling
scheme: straightforward business proposition
JUMIAPA CO.. 621 Fullerton building, St!
Louis, Mo.
$2S CASH and $10 per month for 12 months
will buy interest in fine copper mine; this in-
vestment will pay several thousand dollars'
profit In one year. Address MINEOWNER,
Lock box 7. Tucson. Arizona.
INVESTORS'- savings can earn minimum of
12% per annum, payable quarterly; guaran-
teed from loss; particulars on application.
Add. Investment Dept., 66 Broadway, N. Y.
CANDY store and icecream parlor; $250; > large
living rooms. 1521 Devlsadero st.
SALOON for sale, opposite the ferry. Apply
111 East St.. north of Market
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SAJ,E.
A FEW SAMPLES OF OUR LARGE LIST.
Any of the following on monthly payments:
9 rooms; bargain; $£0 cash, baL payments $150
22 rooms; income $200; elegant; bargain.. 1S00
8 rooms; -well furnished 400
ti rooms; grand transient location 2200
25 rooms; good location; clears $150./...... 1200
16 rooms; corner; part cash 1000
28 rooms; clears $60; payments 400
99 rooms; grand corner; clears $600 5500
CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU.
18 rooms: respectable; clears $90 isoo
20 rooms; good location; money-maker... 760
- MONEY LOANED PHONE JOHN 631
A. H. RETSLOFF. 906 Market st.
LODGING HOUSE, the -finest location In this
city; 16 rooms; turn people away every night;
(450 cash; $400 can remain. 7 Grant ave. .
THE ■-.SAN^raMTGISpO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1901.
XOnGTHO HOrgBS FOR' SAtB— Con.
B4-ROOM corner house ...'...■..:...."..:;.".:... »4000
10 rooms on Eddy St.. .:..... •• .850
18 rooms on Third st.. ...;.% ! . . . . ... .1 .". .... 950
24 rooms, 2 fronts; clears, $200... ........... 1600
M rooms; best la the. city.. ............. ..2000
60 rooms;. sure to clear $300................ S600
CALL FOR MT LIST OF BARGAINS IN
LODGING-HOUSES. - ; . ■
From t . to 600 roomji ; \ prices | from ■ |1W to
'- " "■• $25,000. < V. ■' ■"
CALL FOR MT . LIST OF BOARD1NG-
*>:• < houses; ♦ . ■. vv
..From 8 to 850 roomfe :. prices $75 to. $40, 000..
......CALL FOR^MT- LIST OF HOTELS.
..From 20 to 800 rooms; prices $400 to $50.000..
CALL FOR. MY -LtST OF FLATS AND
' : PRIVATE HOMES. KjJtS
....From 4 to 15 rooms; prices $200 to $200C....
CALL IF YOU WANT A HOUSE ON PAY-
MENTS. : ■ -.- •-'- '• "• , -.
CALL IF YOU WANT A" LOAN......
CALL IF YOU WANT CITY OR COUNTRY
S ' REAL ESTATE.'*- ' ' .:..
CALL IF YOU. WISHiTO BUY/.'
....Sell or exchange any kind of property....
....;. ..I CANSUIT.YOU.
WHAT HAVE YOU :TO; OFFER?
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market; phone Mint 796.
THE DONALD INVESTMENT CO.V ' . "
850 Market st.Tel. Davis 281.
35 rooms; swell family hotel......; ,....$6500
20 rooms; cheap rent. ...... ;:.;.:::%*:.■'. • 1300
12 rooms; good location; bargain...; .:. 750
21 rooms: fine fur.; very profitable.... 3200
13 rooms; all light; cash.......'..' 500
28 rooms; close in; good payer:.. 1 .;.... 8200
16 rooms; new building; new fur.....« 1100
10 rooms; all 'furnishings good,.: 1000
14 rooms; boarding; bargain. ........;.. ...... 1200
18 rooms; paying well;, boarding....... 2500
40 rooms; new fur. ; rent $80..... '..*.;•;".. ...... 2000
VACANT HOUSES FURNISHED. ,
VACANT HOUSES. FURNISHED. :
DO YOU WANT A LODGING HOUSE?.....:..
if so................;......
SEE :.......;.. ......:
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 MARKET ST.
(THE RELIABLE AGENTS.) :
7 r.; brand new; G. G..ave.-; part cash.. $550
11 r.; corner; ofnces;,part cash; $10 monthly.
15 r.; comer; near Powell St.: $900
17 rooms; rent $30; reduced to.......'.... $450
20 r. ; brand new furniture; modern bldg.
20 r. ; must sell; make offer; see this!
28 r.; apartment house; corner :...;'.. .$2500
SEE LIST IN EXAMINER &. CHRONICLE.
18 r.; rent only $50; payments :...:. :.$go0
65 r.; finest corner in city; we. have It.
A. CAMERON & CO., .■,-;*.' • -; • .
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22 and .23. Phone Bush 328.
See our list of bargains. ■■. ' ,.'-..: •
100 r.; cor. ;• rent $550;- lease; fine Income;
first floor offices; best location in city. ...$6000
7 r.; rent $12: Mission; good and neat.... 200
36 r.; rent $140; first-class room, house.. 3250
14 r.; rent $45; residence; good fur.; piano. 850
26 r.; rent . $90; clears $100; good fur..... 1800 i
15 r. : finest little board, house In city.. 1100
17 r. ; rent $45; cor.: oak fur. ; clear s $100. 850
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market, lir/Call bldg.
SAMPLES FROM LIST OF &tf HOUSES.
16 r. ; modern; marble steps; grand view;'
quiet; respectable; clears $80' a month.:.. $1300
14 r. ; central; nice furnishings; dears $63. 800
12 r.; N. Mkt. ; quiet: respect. ; clears $52 650
22 r.; Golden Gate av. ; fine; clears $79.. 1600
46 r.; Sutter St.; lst-cUss ; in eao.h particular;
clears $200 a month over all expenses.'
115 r. ; best proposition north of Market st.
FOR Sale— At Sacramento, Cal. , a second-class
hotel of 60 rooms, reading-room, .dining-room,
kitchen and, barroom; all the rooms rented to
steady lodgers; located on principal business
street; offered at a sacrifice, as owner's health
will not permit him to continue the. business;
rent reasonable. For further particulars in-
quire of W. P. COLEMAN CO.. 325 J 'st.,
Sacramento, Cal. . : ' . . . V ■..*
A— NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all sizes
and prices, in all parts of the city: get our
list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1*06 Market st.
23 ROOMS; clears $80 a month; good location.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS ASSN.. 865H Mkt
LODGING-HOUSE for sale. 21, rooms; rent $80;
price tlOOO. Apply at 207 Post et. . ■
A ROOMING house, 17 rooms :■ rent . $30 ; well
filled; good location; price $425. '28H Clay st.
$550— SEVEN beautifully furnished rooms; new
4 months ago; rent $35. 807 Van Ness ave.
CHEAPEST lodging house iin ' city for sale.
1008H Market St.. room 4. ' - t
$500-LODGING-HOUSE, 34 rooms, all filled;
rent $20.| 543 Howard ft. . .
"LODGING-HOUSES TO LET.
FOR rent— A profitable lodslnR-house; 19 !
roopca; cheap. 12 and 14H Steuart St. !
SPIRITUALISM.
BROCKWAY, the psyehic ; readings dally. 1052
Ellis st. ; phone 1086.
•/ '.. ■ ' ' ■ '■ ■•-'■ i
A— MRS. DR. FARNHAM, spiritual medium
and life reader; mining a specialty; dr. Sun.; ;
Wed, and Friday evening. 1035 Market gt.
A— C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tue., Fr!.. Sun., 8 p. m., 50c. 1084 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. "WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium:
life reader; medical, .clairvoyant; sittings, $1:
letter, $2. 1164 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car.
ETHEL HODGE CRINDLE. materializing se-
ance. Sunday eve., SOc. 325 Ellis st.;. spirit
photographs dally, 10 to 4 o'clock.
A— PROF. GEE, 108 Sixth St.; satisfactory
readings, 60c, |1; circle every night,. 10c.
KATIE HUESSMAN removed to 1774 15th, nr.
Guerrero; readings by mail; sittings daily.
BROCKWAY' S seance Sunday, Tuesday.. Thurs-
day, 25c, 8:15 p. m.; readings daily. 1052 Ellis.
MME. THYES, 148 6th St.— Test circle to-night,
only 10c; 8:15. private, readings.
MME. DU PREE. 118^. Ellis, r. 4-Card read-
ing lessons given; cards marked for reading.
EDWARD EARLE. 828 Ellis, phone Polk 1601;
sittings 6:30 to 6; seance Sun. and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally: test to all to-night. 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.,
PERMANENTLY LOCATED '
IN HIS OWN HOME. '
417 ELLIS STREET.
WESLEY ORMAN,:.'. •
PSYCHICJ TRANCE, CLAIRVOYANT ME-
DIUM. HE WILL TELL YOU WHAT YOU
CALLED FOR-ANYTHING YOU WANT TO
KNOW. .
$5 READINGS REDUCED TO
50c— SPECIAL READINGS— 50c '. .
FOR A SHORT TIME WESLEY ORMAN
WILL GIVE SPECIAL READINGS FOR SOc,
AND THIS PRICE WILL BE FOR A SHORT
TIME ONLY. AS WESLEY ORMAN'S PAR-
LORS ARE CROWDED.
"' . ",■ WESLEY 'ORMAN. : " !
THE FIRST REGISTERED AS WELL AS
THE FIRST GRADUATE PALMI9T AND ;
CLAIRVOYANT EVER IN SAN. FRANCISCO, I
WILL FOR A SHORT TIME GIVE 50c SPE-
CIAL READINGS. 50c. .
. To demonstrate to the people of San Fran-
cisco WESLEY ORMAN'S absolute superiority
over so-called mediums'' and self-styled clair-
voyants and palmists, whose praise comes from
their own lips only, and whose ability is ap-
parent only In their advertisements, HE WILL
FOR ONE WEEK GIVE COMPLETE READ-
INGS for SOc. This is as long as this price
will continue. ■ .-". v ■
$10 READINGS REDUCED TO
* GENERAL READING ONE DOLLAR— $L
The Immense crowds ; that have 1 visited * the
parlors of .WESLEY ORMAN in the last five
months, and the fact that people having read-
Ings come back and brine: J their • friends,
PROVES WESLEY ORMAN'S POPULARITY
and accuracy with which he must read events
in the life. . , . . y-.ti"/' '
PALMISTRY is an exact science, r and it ex-
cites the wonder and admiration of the- most
skeptical. It is the truest- way yet' discovered
to open thi sealed book of the future, and in
PALMISTRY HE TELLS YOU THE COM-
PLETE STORY OF YOUR -LIFE "AS TOLD
BY THE LANGUAGE OF -THE HAND.- ,
WHILE IN CLAIRVOYANCE HE TELLS
YOUR NAME. AGE. OCCUPATION, AND
GIVES NAMES. DATES AND FACTS, SHOW-
ING THAT YOUR LIFE TO HIM IS AN
OPEN BOOK. .•>-.' .< . .
DO YOU WISH TO KNOW FACTS THAT
YOU SHOULD KNOW? .'.; ; .-., . ,-. ,.-
Will you succeed In . business or your under-
taking? If you are loved? What business or
profession you should follow?' If you are going
to be lucky In mining or speculation?-! If ab-
sent friends will return? ■ If past troubles will
torment you In the future?. Does another share
the love and attention- that .should ; belong to
you? If- you 'wijl attain your ambitions?
DO YOU WISH TO BE ABLE TO "LOCATE
MINERALS OR HIDDEN. TREASURES? DO
YOU WANT TO BE ; A GOOD MEDIUM OR
CLAIRVOYANT? THAT ■ YOU MAY EARN
FROM $10 TO $25 PER DAY? THEN CALL
UPON WESLEY ORMAN. HE IS THE PEER
OF DEVELOPERS, AND IF: HE FAILS TO
DEVELOP YOU IT WILL COST- YOU- NOTH-
ING. • ■•■ ..- •■—.;-, ■;.'■.,...„ ,:,. i
WESLEY • ORMArl READS . THE) FUTURE
AS ACCURATELY AS THE HISTORIAN RE-
CORDS EVENTS OF .THE PAST. .- - .,
He causes speedy . and- happy - marriage, i set-
tles lovers', quarrels, reunites the separated,' en-
ables you to win the affections of the one you
desire. Long standing and chronic disease that
has baffled the physicians' skill cured without
the use of medicine. In a word, .whatever your
troubles, he will help you or charge nothing for
his services. , ' . \--s--:, •
ARE YOU UNDER EVIL INFLUENCE?
.'*£; 50c— SPECIAL READINGS— 50c
GENERAL READING, $1 00.
HOURS, 10 A. M. to 7:30 P.- M.
* CLOSED SUNDAYS.
" WESLEY ORMAN,
• •• .417 ELLIS STREET. '
CLAIRVOYANTS— Con«<nwe«t.
Jl ~——— — ,'■': ' . '"" ■;;"•."/■ ;:■ . ■ .. ■ • ;; '
KJJOW THY FUTURE
AND PROSPECTS FOR 1901.
: — CLAIRVOYANT —
CLAIRVOYANT--
-PALMIST-PSYCHIO
* PALMIST-PSYCHIC5
PALMIST-PSYCHIC—
FREE TESTS! ' FREE TESTS!
To all those who come prepared for a reading.
1 As a test will tell your full name and moth-
er's, maiden name.
SIR HENRY PRICHARD.
TRANCE-CLAIRVOYANT AND . PALMIST.
Direct from Hotel Cecil, London.
ADVISER TO HER LATE MAJESTY THE
QUEEN OF ENGLAND.
Prlchard has also been consulted by the Czar
of Russia, Emperor of Germany, China and
Japan; also by distinguished men and women
in every walk of life.
FREE! FREE! FREE! '
IF NOT CORRECT.
So positive am I of my powers to tell the
Past, Present, Future and exactly what you
want to know that I will make.
no charge: no charge;
Unless you obtain perfect satisfaction and find
; me superior to all other mediums, clairvoyants
and palmists in this city. .
FEES MODERATE! FEES MODERATE!
AND WITHIN REACH OF ALL.
THE FUTURE CAN BE TOLD. . I
SEEK AND YE SHALL FIND SUCCESS,
HARMONY, PEACE. POWER AND
: ■ ■: ■ . HAPPINESS.
Ycu are experiencing either domestic or busi-
ness difficulties. You are worrying about some-
thing. You are in doubt. > You suspect that
everything is not as it should be. You are un-
happy—at times very melancholy. Everything
seems to go wrong with you. Why not seek the
advice of one who has helped and advised the '
greatest men and women of the world? You j
may never have another opportunity to consult
a man of the reputation and standing of Sir
Henry Prlchard.
Make no mistakes when you undertake any-
thing of importance— get his advice first. Hun-
dreds of. others have been put on the road to
fortune by him, so why not you?
HE TELLS YOUR FULL NAME. MOTH-"
ER'S MAIDEN NAME, ETC. HE ALSO
GIVES ADVICE ON BUSINESS, SPECULA-
TION, INVESTMENTS, insurance, changes,
travels, health, sickness, love, divorce, MAR-
RIAGE. LAWSUITS, separations. WILLS,
deeds, mortgages, patents, CLAIMS, collections,
etc. He will tell you what trade, business or
profession you are adapted for. :
LOVE, COURTSHIP AND MARRIAGE.
Gives truthful revelations on all love affairs,
troubles, marriages, and by proper advice re-
stores lost affection, reunites the separated,
settles lovers' quarrels, tells you WHEN AND
WHOM YOU WILL MARRY and how to WIN
the man or woman you love, and how to make I
your husband or' wife be true to you, and how !
to overpower all your enemies; gives full secret
how to control and charm any one you love or !
meet. •■ - [
HE NEVER FAILS TO GIVE PERFECT !
SATISFACTION. 1
You are told how to avoid weakness, warned i
against all treacherous friends. Locates burled I
treasures, mines, old estates, lost friends, etc.
COMMENT OF EUROPEAN PRESS AND
SOME DISTINGUISHED PERSONS:
As a palmist and psychic Sir Henry Prichard
is without an equal; all should see him.— Daily
Graphic. . j
Sir Henry Prichard. the palmist, is the man
of the hour — his name is a byword in every I
household. The common query is: Have you
been to Sir Henry, the palmist? He is so won-
derful, etc.— Standard.
Sir Henry Prichard. the leader of his profes-
sion, is a marvel. He tells the innermost se-
crets of one's very soul; he is always busy.—
Morninr , Post. . , . •.,....
Sir Colin Scott-Moncrleff says: That fellow
Prlchard beats my time. • He told me every-
thing I wanted to know and more, too. I have
profited greatly financially by following his ad-
vice.
Prince Adalbert of Prussia says: Sir Henry
is the moEt wonderful clairvoyant I ever con-
sulted. He is well read and the master of his
profession.
Princess Christian says: Prlchard is the most
accurate palmist I ever consulted. He tells the
truth.
TO OUT OF TOWN PARTIES:
If you cannot call, write and send $1, 2c
stamp, date of birth and 3 questions and re-
ceive correct answers by return mail. All mail
matter and. P.- O. money orders should be ad-
dressed to Sir Henry's private secretary. Mr.
C. F. Walsh (this address).
Hours— Daily, 10 a. m. to 7 p. m. Sunday,
10 to 5.
Suites 11, 12. 13, 14, 15. 15»4 (The Vendome).
1104— MARKET STi— 1104.
Near corner of. Turk. . .
Nearly Opposite .Zlnkand's. : Upstairs. First
Floor. , Maid in Attendance..
See display ad on page 27.
LADY CELESTIE.
Clairvoyant. Medium. Palmist.
Startllnar Revelations.
Have I Been Benefited?
It is safe to say. that seven 'out of every ten
who go to see a clairvoyant have asked them- I
selves the above question, and the answer has I
been no. If you will consult Lady Celestle you '
will receive names, dates, facts, locations. In !
love, courtship, wills, marriages, divorces,
sales, changes, lottery, patents. Investments,
changes. Journeys, etc.. in all their, details;
nothing omitted; everything told and satisfac-
tion guaranteed.
SHE NEVER- FAILS
To reunite the separated, causes a speedy and j
happy marriage with the one of your choice. !
gives you good luck, settles old estates, gives j:
lucky numbers, removes the evil influences, j
brings back the loved ones, teaches you how '
to fascinate any one you desire in 23 days or ;
r.efund money: no matter what it may be I
can help you: consultation by mail with
stamp: hours, 10 to 8 daily; Sundays, 11 to 5;
fee this week. $1, $1. $1; no higher; parlors 2-3.
1035— Market St.— 1«5. J
A— ISMAR, THE GYPSY.
Ismar, the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the
uncertain years ahead; happiness and success
go hand In hand, yet hundreds fall where sue- •
cess is possible, were it not for the lack of fore- •
sight Into the future: if you are in trouble- of '
any kind, discontented, unhappy or not satisfied '
in life, consult Ismar, for she Is a prophetess 1
of world-wide fame, and her name has become [
a proverb in thousands of homes made happy j
by her aid and advice: Ismar can be consulted |
daily from 10 a. rn. to 5 p. m.. Sundays from
10 to 12 a. m., at her office, 1148 Market St.,
opposite Sixth. .
SPECIAL— Owing to a large number of In- I
quiries from country patrons Ismar wishes to j
announce that her readings by mail are equally j
as satisfatcory as in person; readings by mall |
$2; send lock of hair, date and year of birth, j
MME. M. BERNARD, j
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently j
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg. She i
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de- |
scriptlon of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu- I
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented,' un- I
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life:
25c up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
A PROOF positive test seance to-night,"* 25c: In-
dependent writing and psychic seance where
every one receives a test -with full names;
■write' your questions at home and bring to
this seance and receive answers In writing.
BROCKWAY, 1052 Ellis st. *
THIS notice and 10c — Past, present, future,
sickness, lawsuits, troubles, family affairs,
enemies, friends, investments, speculations,
changes, detect dishonesty, unfaithfulness,
treachery, love affairs, happy and unhappy
marriages;. Just what you want to know.
-607 Kearny st., parlors 1. 2. 3.
MISS M. AVILLE. 326A Ellis St.; the only crys-
tal seer, clairvoyant, business medium: reads
your life correctly; gives names, dates, facts,
etc., reveals the past and gives correct fore-
cast* of your future; if you are discon-
tented, unhappy, .love, business troubles, not
satisfied in life, consult this great medium
, and you will be told how to overcome them;
readings 50c, $1; hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. .
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
: - medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st.. cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. . Daily and Sunday. -
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future; never falls; has the greatest Egyp-
tian secret; shows picture of future husband
! or wife; 25c up; satisfaction to everybody;
' cures diseases by sympathy. 215H Sixth st. ■
A— LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT,
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fail ; permanently
located at 125 Turk St.; readings by mail. .
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading; ladies 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50^ 126 Turk.
TO establish the new. address. BROCKWAY,
the renowned psychic, will give his regular
• $2 reading for $1.- 'This offer only open until
Dec. 15. 1052 Ellis • st. ; 25c seance to-night.'
ISMAR, the - Egyptian Gipsy. - clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
! poslte Sixth; private readings dally,. 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
A— MISS M.'. WILLE, 326A Ellis: clairvoyant.
. crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques.: full names. ,50c.-$l: 10. a. m. to 8 p. m.
BROOKS, 1206 Market— Suite 84 and 85; won-
| derful clairvoyant and trance medium; read-
Ings, \\ & $2; readings by mall; eatlsfac. guar.
CLAIRVOTAWTS— Contlnnad.
ARRIVED ARRIVED
ZAN ZAN.
,' Direct from Chicago and Denver.
Never Chances His Name.
Only one in the world advertising to tell ex-
act thought or question in your mind; positive-
ly asking no questions, or make no charge for
reading.
Can call you by name; tell your ago.
Where born; mother's maiden name.
Ever marry;- who; when. - - - •
Name of past, present or future love.
Tell If f rlendg are living or dead.
Locates disease; -not a word spoken. . 1
Stolen articles; what: If recover. !
Locates scars, birthmarks on your body.
Although hidden by your clothes. -
Any question connected with human destiny.
Zan not only gives you facts, figures, dates,
but actually tells names, times, points, places,
and the circumstances connecting them.
Remember, you don't ask nor tell. him your
questions; nor need you speak during the read-
ing; Write any questions at your own home on
any kind, color or size of paper you choose.
Zan can give instant answers to your questions
positively without seeing your writing.
Besides answering your exact questions Zan
commences your reading at childhood, going
year by year through the various experiences of
your life. In so plain a way that .you will be
astonished at the knowledge possessed by Zan
regarding your most secret personal affairs.
The more experience you have had with others
the more you will appreciate his reading.
One Visit Will Make You His Friend.
The most refined and timid need not hesitate
to call. Lady attendant. No mall work.
$100 General Reading $100
226 Taylor st., between Eddy and Ellis.
Bring Call ad. with you.
WONDERFUL Clairvoyant! Tells everything
or money back; send 10c and birthday. J.
I MYERS. Lincoln Park Station, Chicago.
MME.. WALTERS, great card reader ;ladies 25c;
gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
MftsTMALLORYTlirrHoward. clalrvoyant~and
spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c; G. 50c.
KATIE HEUSSMANN'S cymbal test circle to- !
night, 250.^1774 Fifteenth St.. near Guerrero, j
PRINCESS . ISHMAEL, wonderful astrologist :
tribe Alohobar. 1008H Mkt.. 2d floor, hrs. 10-9.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; la-
dles 25c; gents SOc; readings dally. 132 Sixth.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; tel. Jessie 1563.
MRS. B. Bauuiann, well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 315 O'Farrell to 222 Eddy.
MME. AUGUST, clatrvoyant,*Teader: palmistry:
truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
I MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
1 advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
; DR. PERKINS' psychic circle to-night; "Vltae
! Ore." 1073^4 Market st., near Seventh. •
! CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN yon become disgusted with poor work
I send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
; ing Works. 853-357 Tehama St.: tel. South 40.
MODERN CO. ; steam cleaning, 3c; laying:
cleaning on floor.. Phone Mint 301; 923 Mission.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning.
3c; renovated, relald. 104 14th st. ;tel.Capp 2512.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleanlnsr Co.. 402 Sutter St.; ;
! tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1*03 Harrison st: tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works:
: 833 Golden Gate ave. : telephone East 128. -
CITY Steam Carpet-beatinff Wortcs. G. H.
: STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th st. : tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th st : tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS.
Ingrowing toencils, bunions and (corns cured
painless) r.o knife. Dr. Brown, graduated chi-
ropodist, indorsed by ned. prorn. 304 Stockton.
OFFICERS.
COLUMBIAN Law and. Collection Agency; 6th
floor; 916 Market st. : advlca free. Tel. Bush
194: able body of attorneys.
COTTAGES TO LET.
THIRTIETH. 340— Four-room cottage; sanitary
Improvements. .
$6— COTTAGE 4 rooms; worth $12 In city; near
Crescent ave. Apply 64 Silver St.. off Third.
5 ROOMS: latest improvements; $10. 1229
Cortland ave. ■ •
DENTISTS.
A^DrTtTsTIhIGGINS."^ M^ket~sTTEmma
Spreckels bldg.— Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other fill-
ings, $1: gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 up.
Painless extraction.
I do first-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my i
wonderful secret, painless method: 20 years' [
experience; no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.
4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. extractions done pain-
lessly: teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns. $3 50 up: plates, extractions free. $4 50
up: office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. : Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D., S., Manager.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns $3 50: fillings 50c:
plates to. full set: all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy St.— Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates.
PARIS Dental IYrlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3: fillings. 25c.
LOWEST prices In ,S. F.: painless extraction.
SOc. N. Y. Dentist:. 969 Mission. SE. cor. 6th.
-YOU can save 40. per cent on dental work by
going to DR. BROWN. 54 Sixth st.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. 'H. gT
YOUNG. 1841 PoU st.
DR.R.L. WALSH. 815*4 Geary, nr. Larkln— Paln-
less extraction, iOc: plates {5 up; phone Polk 1133.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building: formerly in Murphy bldg.
_ JP° g .
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AMJ SKAMSTRKSSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordian and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
~ EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING— Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S. F.;
catalogue free. ■
AYRES' Leading Business College. 723 Market—
$8 per month: $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling. Spanish, etc. ;. experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST..
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining- and mining
engineering; day and night: catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
-echool for the university, law and medical col-
leges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A — The official reporters of theSupremeCourt ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
. lowing? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methds; positions for all graduates;
_ new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
lng, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg. ; individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mining, mech.sur- !
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects-beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers Is TARR, the expert. 220 Parrott building.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School.
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st. .
A— Miss Bolte's School. 2734 Pine St.; board;
Eng., French. German, music; $30 mo.; coach.
MARY P. WESTHAUS. piano, mandolin, guitar
. lessons, SOc; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting-Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. ' 126 Mason st. ■■-.■•■'■
Violin, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher. 1008 Mission; instruments selected.
SPANISH taught; correct pronunciation; terms
moderate. J. H. GARCIA. 704 Sacramento st
LEO Cooper's School of Acting. 814 Geary st:
day and even, classes; send for new circular.
ENGLISH. Latin, Mathematics, Literature a
specialty. MISS ROUL3TON. 776 O'Farrell st.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th—
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, *• mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business Colleg-a. 24 Post St.. 8. F.;
. founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free. .
EDPCATIONAl^— Continued.
A FULL course of Ellis *»*^? to .f Bn u $»£
A WEEK'S news for 5 oents-The weew £tU.
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. W per_ye»r.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
1 — TAT>A»rir<5'R reliable house cleaning, sjso
br'ch 605 Stevenson, cor. 7th; tel. Folsom £.u-
AOKI St CO.. 421 Post st.; tel. Bnan m».
JAPANESE intelligence ™*f^g£ a f xt ! OMt
reliable help. 524 Bush st.; teL Bush 518.
ORPHEUM Employment <X***-**JP2g2l
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. 6utter;teLBlacK wnz.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese E^Pfoyment Of-
flce: all kinds help. »15 Stockton; Main 618*
EMPLOYMENT WAMTED---FJBMA1JB.
FOUR trained nurses, well <l ua j lfled ( t ;*i? h £l
of physicians' references, wish positions. Bee
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
LADY with a boy of 4 would like V**™?*'"
housekeeper, care of children, sewing, studies
and music. E. A.. 2 Belvedere st.
SITUATION wanted by competent Canadian
housekeeper or would do housework in small
family; good cook. Call 1307 Mission st.
BY respectable woman, washing or house-
deanlng by the day. Box 2599, CalL
A SITUATION doing chamberwork in a notsl
or private home. Box 2619, Call office.
LADY would Wee a laundry office to keep.
Address MRS. PARKER, 1219 Mission st.
A REFINED young lady wishes position as
useful companion to lady or to have care
of Invalid; city; good sewer; small salary.
1 Box 2617. Call office. ___
COLORED girl wishes to nurse for children or
cooking for small family. 1515 Leavenwortn.
POSITION wanted by middle-aged lady, bouse-
keeplng; country preferred. Box 2630. Call.
SWEDISH girl wants a position to do house-
work; wages $25. Call at 160 Fourteenth St.
RESPECTABLE woman wants a situation as
working housekeeper; has good references.
3392 Twenty-second st.. near Guerrero.
WOMAN wants work by day, washing or
housecleaning. ISO Clara st. » :
WANTED— By a good cook, a. place to work
in a small private family. 113 Austin ave.,
near Polk st. '
YOUNG woman wishes work by the day. $1 10.
45 West Mission st.
TRUSTWORTHY woman wishes housekeeper's
position; references given. Please call at 2015
Hyde st. ;
WOMAN would like to assist in light house-
work or take care of children; sleep horns.
Box 2644. Call office.
A COLORED woman wishes housework: a good
all-round cook; best of references. 104J Pa-
clflc st. ■
STRONG, reliable woman wants housework or
washing by the day. Box 2939. Call.
A HEALTHY woman of 30. having a plump,
healthy baby 1 month old. wishes position as
wetnurse. Apply 1051 Market St., Oakland.
PERSONS wishing their children cared for by
the hour or day at their own homes while
attending teas, operas or other social func-
tions, will find a competent nurse at 1403 Mc-
Allister st.; phone Page 1528.
GIRL for general housework: is a good cook;
wages $20. 517 Ninth St.. Oakland.
RELIABLE woman, cooking or housework,
wages $25. Address 823 Linden St., Oakland.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes position to
cook In small boarding house; across the bay
preferred. Box 2612. Call office.
YOUNG lady desires position as housekeeper.
1015 Market St., room 58.
A LADY of 10 years' experience wishes position
as housekeeper for first-class rooming house
or hotel by January 1 in exchange for rooms
and board; best references. Box 2518, Call.
LADY would like a position as companion to
an elderly or invalid lady, or would be will-
ing to be housekeeper for an elderly couple;
reference. Box 1509, Call office.
RELIABLE woman wants position; chamber
work or office cleaning. 317 Minna, st.
2 DANISH girls wish positions in the same
house: either country or In Alameda or San
Rafael. Box 2593. Call. .
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 SO to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to anl from ferry. -
' CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Filtmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED 3IALE.
YOUNG man of good education, understanding
assaying, wants a position at a mine; refer-
ences. Box 2623, Call office.
1
YOUNG man wants to learn baker's trade; X
year'B experience; country preferred. A.
HOWELL, 459 Minna et.
BOY 18 years of age. wishes situation to work
In store or drive small delivery wagon; good
recommendation. 1288 Eddy St.
EARTENDER, experience, with good refer-
ences, sober and reliable, desires steady posi-
tion; city. Box 2620. Call office.
POSITION as watchman, night clerk, collec-
tor or some responsible position; Al refer-
ences. Box 2696, Call office.
POSITION" as fireman or fireman and Janitor;
have had 2 years' experience as locomotive
fireman; good recommendations and refer-
ences. Box 2618. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a young man In some
kind of office work; 3 years' experience as
bill clerk; best of references. Box 2616, Call.
MAN (30) wishes situation hotel clerk or por-
ter; Is good horseman; take situation gent's
country, place; do anything; references. ED
MORGAN. 1303 Seventh St.. Oakland.
YOUNG man. excellent business training,
wishes position in wholesale house; first-class
references. Box 2631. Call office.
good meat cutter wishes situation In city. Box
2€27, Call office. ..
STEWARD, long experience, country hotel or
mine bearding- house; good buyer; Al meat
cutter. Box 2626. Call office.
YOUNG man about 30, not afraid to -work,
wishes position to do any honorable Indoor
work; no objection to small salary at first;
bond if necessary. Box 2361, Call office.
A YOUNG man wishes position around private
place; familiar with livestock and gardening;
good references. Box 2634, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS coachman and - valet; single,
neat appearance; sober; uses no tobacco; will-
ing and obliging; expert horseman and driver;
very best references. Address box 2S33, CaU.
POSITION wanted by reliable man; thoroughly
understands the care of horses; careful driver:
milk; care of garden; generally useful; good
references. P. S.. 21H Harrison «.va., ©ft
Folsom st.
JANITOR or porter wants Job; also a first-
class hand with carpenters', painters' and
plumbers' tools; used to institution. Janitor.
box 2700. CaU office. *
WANTED— A situation by a good all round
man: useful in kitchen and chamber; Is a.
good driver. Box 26S6, Call office.
EXPERIENCED American, accustomed to or-
chard, horses, poultry, plain gardening, etc.,
wants position to care for • country place;
moderate wages. Box 2641, Call office.
AN experienced male nurse would like a posi-
tion in some sanitarium or hospital, or take
care of a sick person or an invalid; refer-
enceg. M. P. L., box 268S, Call office.
ARTISTIC Jobbing gardener, all branches
seeks position; highest references. 213 San
Pablo ave., Oakland.
■WANTED — Situation by middle-aged man cap-
able and willing to work; good flgurer and
accountant, as porter in wholesale house
bookkeeper, timekeeper or such where trust-
worthy man Is required. Box 2643. Call.
COMPETENT, vineyardist and orchardlst. with
long practical California, experience In prun-
ing, wlnemaklng and all branches pertaining
to the Industry, wishes position as foreman or
general manager; good references. J"or in-
■gSffSoiiSg to roon23 - *"•***•
out of city. Box 2698, Call. m
COACHMAN, formerly from near Newnort!
• R. I.. American, married, of neat ipp5J£
ance. cosltlvely sober, no bad habits- first-
class dnver; thoroughly understands the feed-
ing and conditioning of fine horses • ki««
how they should be shod to l£™blm souni
and have good action; can ride and gait fine
saddlers: care of harness, saddles, bridles
steel bits and .chains; can use enmiwHi!!;
and different saddle and harness d^Msines-
STSll. and u . Cal " ornla references. Idd"! »
A SOBER young man (Scandinavian) wishes
work about place as choreman; carTof horses
sag Sn-'«gzr*? Ti clty or ,»A-ft
YOUNG man. Danish, reliable and sober
3£~!*rW .Ca5. klnd: a0t
srrrnATIOlT wanted by .experienced bookkeeper
s!nd bill cleric; first-class references. r7 x
2598. Call. __ m
▼OTTVO man. German, wttn some expertsace fc»
T bu^er builness. wishes, position. Box HO*.
Call office. _
roACHMAN: thoroughly ttnderst*ndi «jj
atoutborses. harness and «utJw«: good
driver- acaualnted in city and best of ref-
ZZvnZ'm- * young man; thoroughly under-
SJanas'proVJ care and treatment of horse*
Address box 2556. Call. |
WARDS, cltv general delivery.
™g3fi? eSeSenSf S SnHfKS
Address box 2SO. Call.
wavitd-Bt competent and trustworthy man
charge o« rtneyard or ranch;
rentes. Address 3« Forty-nttn st.. We.t
Oakland.
0^
Valencia st.
EICHASGE.
watt*-!? rood condition, in exchange for ham-
W meK SSSlth* Wesson. 421 Powell: fiEB-
HARDT. *Jgk
WANTED to exchange-Property to the wuntry'
for lodging-house. Box 2824. CaU otflce.
FIXAXCXAL.
PACIFIC CotJt Underwrltta* Co. One.)— W»
P t,To offices in operation: new method of
niaelnic stocks and bonds: companies Incor-
norateS- stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
oflddresrmaln office. 607-8-9 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES promoted snd fmaneed. stock
tS«tol*yment for set-rices; good mining
Ind industrial propositions wanted: gold
bonds %"ished. PAOTIC STATES MININO
AND INVESTMENT CO.. C» Post st.
FLATS TO UBT»
NEw'upper «-room flat. flnished»tttai fine £
cVtion. and grounds; northwest oorner
Waller and Portols, bet. Pleroe and Stelner.
a— SUNNT 4 rooms; warm belt. 19 Julian ave..
bet r 14tt TandlSth. Mission and Valencia sts.
BtTSH. iSW,k— Modern upper flat. T room* and
bath. Key at premises.
ELEOANT upper flat. 6 rooms j » finished atUa
72» Shrader St., near Waller.
ELEGANT new sunny flat. > rooms. tM Sddy
st, near Van Ness ave.
MODERN lower flat ot * rooms and bath; rent
$18. 1839% McAllister St.
O'FARRELL. 1335— Modern flat, • sunny rooms,
bath, yard and basement} reasonable,
BUNNT corner T joo^^^™!.*!??*** 1 * 1
perfect order; $33 month. 1S00 O'Farrell st.
VALENCIA. 649. bet. 18th and lTth— »17 6O1
cheapest flat tn city; « sunny rooms, bath. %
|17 60— «8 LASKTB st, oft Mission, near Nlatli;^
4- room flat, with bath; no children.
FLATS TO LET— FCRJi ISHED.
REFERENCE; couple wanted to rent a new
furnished flat 8 rooma & bath; RS. 1*14 Jones.
FLATS WANTED.
MODERN sunny flat I or I rooms and bath;
rent not to exceed $23; permanent: no chll-
dren. Box 2628. Call office.
FURXITURB FOB SALE.
FOR sale — 4 rooms; furniture brand new; sold
at bargain. Apply 160 Clara St.. between 1
and 4 p. m. .
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $4S 60. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1137-1131 Market.
FOR sale— 5 rooms, completely furnished, and
corner flat for rent. Apply W Ninth st.
FURXITURB WASTES.
"WILSON buys all kinds of household goods.
1710 Market st.; tel. South 413.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
A. L. STORRS, 634 Ellis St.: telephone Larkln
2782; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jes»ie 761 before selling; furniture, c»r-
pets. pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
GLOVES.
CHRISTMAS present— Danicheflt glove order;
factory price guar. : kept In repair. 121 Grant.
HELP WASTED— FEMALE.
A-WANTED TO-DAY. SUNDAY.
2 waitresses, first-class commercial hotel, see
party here between 10:30 and 11 a, ra.'. $20;
also one waitress, first-class hotel, $25, short
distance. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S Phone Grant 1S3
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses same commercial hotel. J2)
Chambermaid to wait, country ...$2)
Waitress, short distance south $20
Waitresses, restaurants and hotels, olty.$20-$30
Waitress, first-class hotel, country £5
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Housegirl, Alameda. S25; houaegirl. Colusa,
$20. see party here; houseglrls, second girls,
nurseglrls, »10, 125. C. R. HANSEN A CO.,
104 Geary st.
WANTED— 4 cooks. $30; laundress for an insti-
tution $25; S chambermaids, wait one meal.
$20; 4 second girls. 823. $2S; 4 houseglrls for
Alameda, $20 $25: laundress. 2 days week.
SI 50 day: restaurant waitress. $6 and $S; S
waitresses, city and country hotels. $30. We
' have quite & number of situations for Ger-
man, Scandinavian, Protestant and neat Irish
girls for housework in American families at
$25 and $30. Call early Monday. J. 5\ CROS-
ETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
WANTED— WORKING GIRLS and WOMEN to
learn hair dressing, manicuring. < electrical
face massage, shampooing, dyeing and bleach,
ing, eta; full course. 3 weeks; tuition $3; posi-
tions positively guaranteed; 4 good positions
in fine stores now open to those entering im- Z
mediately. S. F. HATRDRESSINO COL-
LEGE, first and only school of the kind on
Pacific Coast; all others are Imitators. 8. 7.
Halrdxe»3lng College. 233 Geary, rooms 1S-U.
LADIES, if yon want genuine homo work, no
canvassing, we will give yon a yearly con-
tract to do copying for us in your own home
and pay you from $3 to $15 weekly; copy and
paper furnished free. Call all the week from,
9 to 12; or send 10 cents for samples. Novelty
Company, 613 Eddy st.
WANTED— Solicitors; salary aad oomm! salon.
Tomlinson Printing Co., 320 Bansom* at.
LEV! STRACS3 * CO.'S overall factory win
resume Monday. December 9. About 800 new
operators will find good-payta* work. Apply
to Mr. Davis, 32^ Fremont st.
WANTED— Saleslady having had czperlenc* la
crockery, glassware, lamps and plated war*.
Apply from 8 to S Monday. CHAS. BROWN
& SON. 807 Market st.
WANTED— Salesladies familiar with retail bus-
lneas; fiv« references, line ot work familiar
with and wag— expected. Box 2838.6111.
PROTESTANT middle-aged woman wanted for
general housework; small wages: good horn*
with references. Apply at U08 Lyon st.
MAN or woman who thoroughly understands
running a first-class dlnlaf-rooxa. Box 2S47
Call office. *-,";>/
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper and stenographer!
references required. L. SAMTEK A BON.
BIS Market st. .
A RESPECTABLE -woman help tn apartment
b^2'« : ***** *": u * a « *<«*; «ood homo. N
1003 Polk st. . i
A BRIGHT, neat copyist for 1 or t weekst \
wages $S per week; hours I to I. Box tttS.
Call office.
10 LADIES for concert hall in country, rin
906 Market St., room 17.
WANTED— Oirl to assist with general houso-
work. 1423 OTarrell st.
WANTED— Experienced girls; also apprentices)
in bookblndery. Brown & Power Co.. B08 Clay.
YOUNG girl general housework, S adults, $13
to $20; Monday afternoon. 15 Fair Oaks st.
NEAT cook and houseworks* for t adults;
work light. Call Monday, 2700 California, st
A LADY to assist in giving baths. Call after
2 p. m.. 118 Taylor st.
GIRL to learn dressmaking. 288 Boott st.
OPERATOR on vests Monday; good wages. 407
Turk st.
WANTED— Services of a refined woman who
has tact In meeting strangers. Box 2837, Call.
YOUNG girl to learn be medium: travel when
taught. Box 2633. Call office.
TWO girls to run foot power sewing "montrm
E. H. LEVY. 513 Market st. .
YOUNG ffirl for houseworl;; no small children.
WANTED— Waitress at 428 Geary street. /
GIRL to assist in housework. 2104 Bush at.
A LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion: good opportunity to right oar-
ty. F. PERSON, room. 412, Parrott bulldta*... JtCLP WAJrTKP— FEMALE- -g«»«-
/jKL to usslet with housework. Call Monday
f «t 1605 Geary st. - - • *
"vvaXTED— Operator* on pants. 732 Monteo-n-
ory ft., room 1. >-*uin
G)KLS! California Halrdresslng College, wl
teach the 20th century profession for women-
all branches taught. Including the hyfirovacii
end Pack-Pague treatments; latest method*-
Fj.eclal rates; visitors welcome. Sunrem*
Court bieg., SOS Larkln st; take elevator?
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and nes>
i:gfe shirts; also a few bright girls about 18
v«ars of age for instruction; paid while learn-
U» Standard Shirt Factory, corner C?urt
end Grove ets. wu »"
}3 AND $35 per week guaranteed; C ladles and
| gentlemen; theatrical sketch; no nreviou.
«x;.rricnc€ necessary. CALDWELL Collece rf
Oratory and Acting. Hoover Hall. 1227 Market
O1KL for candy store. Apply mi Devisa.
dcro rt. "■
WANTED— A young lady who la an exnerl-
oncod wrapper nnd a young lady who le an
n'£ r !ST?t HALg'BR^/ b * 1WCn S and
Y,ANTLD-L-x;>erienced salesladies. Apply be-
t»c:i » and 11 a. m.. at HALE BROS'.
V. ANTKD-Badly freckled youne or middle-
fl jr»d womau or otherwise nSoectabU au-
t-rarance to act as demonstrator at the«e
utMrion after free treatment; good wa-es'
l>;easant ration. Room S2. Columblan^bTdg
''■crposlte Emporium). U8
GIRLS, be Independent : entire course in hair-
:^. Soor"*^ 1 ' furalshiS -
CLASSIFIED advertisements an.; subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A ERANCII office for Call advertisements and
Valencia *t * b * 6a eBUlWi£ae <l »-t 10W
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
IS rages, in Trrarper for mailing, tl per year.
HELP WAKTED — 3IALE.
A-MURTtAY & READY Phone Main 6848
...Leading trnploymtnt and Labor Agents...
«^"v OFFICE OPEN 7 A - M - MONDAY
Bright young man for a lumber company
15 farm hands and plow teamsters $26 to $30
Cheesemaker and milker; 0 milkers
Old man to do chores; stableman sio
.0 woodchoypers «5 tiemakers
HOTEL DEPARTMENT . . .7. 7^ „
2 restaurant waiters. 540; cook, country ho- i
tel. 5»0; butcher and drive wagon, $30; 9 cooks,
city and country; 3 waiters, country hotels; 7
kitchen hands and dishwashers; dishwasher
end assist cook. $30
MURRAY & READY 6S4-636 Clay 's't
A TO-DAY.. SUKDAY
TO- DAY.. SUNDAY
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
20 header and corner men S2 60
20 drillers $2 25
20 muckers !$2 00
TO laborers $1 75
SHIP TO-DAY ]
fFree Fare Free Fare
>lc R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
Ranch blacksmith, ehort distance,
pood place. $35; metallurgist to take charge
cf smelter, $300 a month. Apply to J. F
CROSETT & CO.. CSS Sacramento et.
ANDRE'S Office. 216 Stockton St.— Cook, coun-
try hotel, $50; French cook, country, $S0;
waiter. 920: couple on a ranch. $50; gardener
tor nursery, $30 to J35, etc.
TVE teach either illustrating, bookkeeping
journalism, stenography or ad writing by
nail; you pay when you are earning J13 a
week; information free; mention subject in
vhich ycu ere interested. Correspondence
Institute cf America, box 230. Scranton, Pa.
WANTED — Solicitors; salary and commission
Tcrnlinaon Printing Co.. S20 Sansome st
WANTED — Experienced tool room man for ma-
rhine chop; must understand how to makn
»nl systematically care for tools. Apply at
5 r 5 Mi&sion et
I FIRST-CLASS specialty salesmen for 1902;
good ray; permanent positions to right par-
tics. Box £14, Chicago.
WANTED— Errand bey; references required.
Call HOLM & NATHAN. 512 Market st
WANTED — Ballmaker who understands awning
and tent making; good wages. 1139 Mission.
WANTED— Sober, experienced bedmaker. Call
S o'clock at 149 Third et.
ABLE eolicitors can earn $100 per week on our
propositions. A. E. Co.. 1412 Call building.
ERRAND boy wanted. A. BERBERT & BRO..
1430 Market st.
WANTED— A first-class merchant tailor or
clothing salesman. J. T. F.. box 2642. Call.
BOYS to distribute bills. 1052 Ellia et Call
S a. m., Monday.
EXPERIENCED bartender for night work.
Call 1047 Market, bet 10 and 11 a. m. Sunday.
GOOD boy to learn harness-making-, $2 EO week.
l-SS Folsom ct
EXPERIENCED florist. 1441 Pollc at.
FAITHFUL manager— Old established business
hr,\ibe desires to arrange with capable man,
good local standing, to assume charge office
this city; 210 soliciting; office duties; commer-
cial line; unquestionable references given and
expected; salary r209 mo., expenses, char*-
earnings; yearly engagement; active man with
TOO cath. tiupt., box 521, New Haven, Cona
CIVIL Service Government positions; 9SS9 ap-
pointments made last year; probably 10,000
this year; only common school education re-
quired for examination: catalogue of informa-
tion free. Columbian Correspondence College.
Washington. D. C
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON,
room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED — Man Jn each county to represent o«d
established house; solid financial standing;
Ftraijrht. bona fide v/eekly cash salary of SIS
by check each Wednesday with all expenses
from headquarters; mor.?y advanced for ex-
' >' or - ses - Manager, C?7 Caxton bldg., Chicago.
V.- ANTED— Physician for special practice. Box
2603. Call office. 1
CONFECTIONER candy-maker. Apply 123) Va-
lencia st.
BARBER ehop, 2 chairs steady, for sale cheap.
R03 Kearr.y et.
ALL elzes men's? shoes, slightly damaged, half
Pfice. t.£3 Mission St.. bet. 1st end 2d Bts.
"WANTED — Young ra»n who It a first-class silk
and dress goods ralesman. Apply between 8
and 11 a. n. at HALE EROS.
WANTED— Young man who is an experienced
wrapper. Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and £5; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis *t. Ban Francisco.
It en to learn barber trade; only elcht weeks
required; tools donated : position* guaranteed;
catalogue free. MOLER BARBER COL-
LEGE. £25 Clay Ft.
WANTED— Laborer* and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, utlU
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 130 large
rooms; Zlc per night: {1 to J2 per week.
Ti' ANTED— City cigar salesman at once on sal-
ary; must have cash security for samples.
Pacific Cigar Co., 49 Phelan building.
WANTED — Good gardener and nurseryman.
Inquire 3041 Baker ft.. Pacific Nursery.
ARCHITECTURAL draftsman; must be first
class; good wages. Box ZZU, Call.
■V t MEN to buy new anO 2d-hand army shoe*
•I "flc up: Bolir.g "OR up. 922 Howard *t. nr. 5th.
JiARBERS, tv.-o revolving chairs and fixtures
for tale reasonable. Inquire 213 Sansome et.
SAILORS ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart Et.
FOR SALE— Barber shop, 2 chairs. Apply 107>4
Fifth ct. -
CICT your shoe* half-soled while- waiting; 25o
to EOc. 6C3 Mission et.. bet 1st and 2d st*.
McDONALD & PERRY have DOO pairs second-
hand r.hoe* for Bale; 60c up. 241 Third *t
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
ABLH solicitors can earn $100 per week on our
proi^giticns. A. E. Co.. 1413 Call building.
PENSION etty.. E. A. Bullis, 8. 40. Phelan
bis. Part com. Geo. H. Thoma* Post G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Houpe. 44 Third 8t, near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 25c vlght; reading room*; tree
'bus erd baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscription*
recei ved et Call branch office. 2200 FlUmore et
X BRANCH office tor Call advertisement* and
«ni Inscription* hai been established at 10M
Valencia at.
IXOL'SES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list house* to let; send tar cir-
tular.O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. U Montgomery.
jf-itTSi: of 8 room* and bath; rent $40. Inquire
'fwtcrnoon on premises. 8321 Clay st '
KHAP.NY. IX.M, near Greenwich— Small house, 6
rooms?; rent ta; water free. Key 1567 Kearny.
M<-^ LLIt-TXR. J7J3— Highly modern 8 room*
Rtsd bath; elec. lights; art. glass; yard; reas.
KT ~ Fp R^ISHED.
h A em°nat^t~ T^. furnIture of an 8-room mod-
soSabli* r^7V?& g ckoIc « and nsw : rent rea -
! Call 1020 Ellis *t; phone East 2S8.
WAGONS.
t0 attend the B P«1»I auction .ale
cade" & S**; 1L at » a - m - a * «'• Ar-
DOYT^ a Mark «. 327 Sixth st. JOHN J.
umLly Auctioneer.
°hoL! e^ n i hand "ndertaker'8 wagon, one 1-
VI?T £££' °^A 12 -r> asB «'neer carriage. CAR-
ILL MFG. CO.. 43 Eighth st.
F «^V "5 e G T crm an Government horses always
on hand. JOHN H. H ALTON. 1732 Market.
S^l E . ? ne . E ?. ntle carriae« and driving horses
for sale at 721 Howard st.
A « B £ RGAIN in KOOd carrlac-e. saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL", 605 G, G. ave.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc., cheap. EGAK & SON, 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for tale, cheap. 533 Mission.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
1- . »*" pases - Fen t to any address in the
i nlte.1 States or Cannna one year for $1."
__^^^ LOST A\U KOUXO.
LOST— Lady's breastpin; large yellow topaz,
set In quaint gold setting; lost in Grand
Opera-house. Return to MRS. WOOLWORTH,
Grand Hotel, city, and receive reward.
LOST— Silver purse, containing silver and
check; reward. 915 Leavenworth Et.
LEFT— Friday night, on McAllister-st. dummy,
vf* opera glares. Please return to 111
r.ddy st and receive reward.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of HARRIET WOOD. No. 62-247. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of MARGARET HOLLICY. No. 210-581
The finder will please return to the bank.
VERY Email lady's chatelaine watch; J. K on
back. C23 O'Farrell Et. ; reward.
LOST— A gray parrot with red tall; $3 reward.
Return to 5C8 Octavla st., near Hayes.-
LOST— In San Francisco Bay. near Point San
Quentin. a large net A reward of Jl'O will
be paid- for its return to San Quentin or In-
formation leading to Us recovery by JOHN
GEORGE and ANDREW SOFICHICI.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernla Saving*
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of France L. Schwab. No. 216-15C1; the
tinder will please return to bank.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of Daniel Boynan, No. 203-764; the
finder will please return to bank.
$20 REWARD— Gold hunting case watch, scal-
loped edge, name engraved. 2111 Hearst ave.,
Berkeley.
LOST— Bracelet; on . Kearny-st. car or down
Sutter to Montgomery. 220 Bartlett; reward.
COCKER spaniel, black, white line on breast:
tagged. 22S8 Baker St.; receive reward.
SCO REWARD— Palace of Art. 16 Post, round
magnifying glass; broken rim: no questions.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Calltor-
nla Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs old
gold and sliver to make new watch cases.
MINES AND MINING.
MINES AND MINING.
WARNING.
We are Informed that certain parties, taking
advantage of the success attending the Mon-
tezuma Mining Company of Washington, for
whom we are sole agents, are offering the
shares of another corporation of the same or
similar name at a fraction of the value of
genuine Montezuma chares. "While there may
be some genuine offerings Intending buyers
should be on their guard. Montezuma shares
(the kind sold by us) are gradually climbing
toward par, and— mark the prediction— they will
earn more money In the next ' five years than
any other mining shares on this market A*
prospectus of the genuine Montezuma Mining
Company for the asking. THE AMERICAN
GUARANTY & TRUST CO.. Selling Agents.
328 Montgomery st. (Price advances Dec. 15.)
WANTED— Partner with IS00 to develop paying
gold quartz lode. Box 2G2L Call office.
_^_ MEDICAL. !
DR O'DONNELL— All who are sick and In !
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases have
been rel!e\-ed by my medical treatment; free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature: all classes of female complaints
treated: relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
"VV. O'DOXXELL. 1013 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
A— Dr. & Mrs. Sweet is a graduate of the Royal
University of Berlin; has had 25 years' expe-
rience In midwifery cases; has opened strictly
private sanitarium at her own residence. 606
Guerrero, nr. 18th: takes ladies before & dur-
ing confinement, with best of motherly care:
$15; room & board. $4; Infants adopted; every
case guaranteed to be restored to best of
health; advice fre«; phone Blue 411.
MRS. M. WEGENER. ladies' physician, has
returned from the East and resumed business;
home in confinement. 210 Eddy st, near
Taylor, formerly of 1312 Golden Gate ave.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladles' specialist;
SO years' experience in midwifery cases; pri-
vate home before and during confinement. 410
O'Farrell Et, near Taylor; hours 9 to 5.
THE original MRS. DAVIES Is still located at
1228 Market; maternity home provided; office
hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 6 to 8:30 p. m.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; home
in confinement. 1126 Market st., S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist: a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care: low fees.
DR and MRS. GOODWIN, expert specialists,
well known and reliable; 25 years' practice In
S. F. ; maternity home; fee low. 303 Market
DR. NO TOY KEE, 210 Stockton st, opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS — -FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand; we always have a large stock ot
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
• one floor, ready made: we can ship everything
in 21 hours. .1. NOONAN, 1017. 1013, 1C21. 1023
Mission *t. above Sixth; v.-rite for catalogue.
LOT machine shop tool?, lathes, planers, shap-
ers. etc.; also good working tools, such as
hand Eavrs, wocd planers, shapcrs, stickers,
mortisers, caws, etc J. B. JARDINE, 220
Fremont st.
ATTENTION, printers— Now on wharf, ex New
York, drum Cottrel'l and 4-roller. 2-revoIution.
front-delivery Campbell; rebuilt Hadwen-
Swain Mfg. Co.. 21a Spear St.
EXCELLENT fuel cheap; good as coal: 200 tons
apricot pit*, carload lots, loose, at $1 per ton.
f. o. b. Nilcs: less than car lots at $1 50. E.
A. ELLSWORTH. Nlles Alameda Co.. Cal.
MATTING and Bamboo Furniture Wholesale
and. Retail: Special for Xnuss; Children's
I Toy Furniture Se*.«.
f YEDA CO., 422 and 424 Geary st '
BAKER'S portable oven, almost new, cost $150,
bargain $65; upright piano; sewing machine;
furniture; No. 7 range, like new. 3279 Mis-
slon Et. near Twenty-ninth. ■
GET a Kinney steam cooker; makes cooking
a pleasure; saves half In fuel; everything
sterellzed. SINCLAIR & SMITH, 26 Mont-
gomery st, room 16. . . ■
LACES, direct from Brussels; finest and rarest
kinds cheap; can be eeen at 1590 Alcatraz
ave.. Lorln station, Berkeley, or I will call at
your residence; agents wanted.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WinTELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
BARGAINS In guaranteed second-hand Na-
tional Cash Registers; easy monthly pay-
ments. Room 813, third floor. Emporium bldg.
SEALSKIN: bust 38; finest condition and
quality; $100; originally cost more than
double. Box 2067, Call office.
BARGAIN sale of unredeemed overcoat* and
cults;' one-third their original cost. Plaza
Loan Office, 702-708 Kearny st
BEFORE you buy see our. runts, hen pigeons,
white homers; reasonable. 2041 Linden *t.
Oakland. ' - .
A— $3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny at. near Pine.
FINE eults. $10; dress pants. $2 75.- MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery »t.
$5 SINGER family sewing machine;'' good
working order. «14% E11U st. ; lower flat
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALIi, SUNDAY, DECEMBER ■ 8, 1901.
mSCEH.ANEOI78--.FOR S/ V.B— Con.
ENGLISH foxterrlers for sale. 1828 Powell st.,
bet. Filbert and Greenwich.
3 HALF-GROWN Angora cats; best breeding;
make nice Christmas presents. 3313 Clay st.
FAMOUS Rlcca mandolin, very sweet* tone,
$12 60. Plaza Loan Office. 702-708 Kearny st.
CORAL neck chain, ; unredeemed,- $7.. Plaza
Loan Office, ■ 702-708 Kearny Bt.
WILL sell at a sacrifice solitaire diamond ring
and diamond sunburst Box 2602, Call, rf flee.
FOR sale— Fox terrier pups. 567 Sixth st.
CANARY birds; rollers and other good singers
cheap at LOHMANN'S, 3168 Sixteenth st. .
ALL are notified that UNCLE HARRIS has
retired from business.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
GASOLINE engines,' all sizes, new and 2d-hand,
and launches. J. E. DOAK, 396 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE, 139 Beale st. ' ■ . .
8 HP. boiler and engine.. '"Economizer" pattern,
complete, $175 f.o.b. H. S. White, 516 Mission.
FINE sealskin, nearly new. $S5. New Munici-
pal Loan Office. 617 Washington st. ■ '
LOCOMOBILE, nearly new: will sell cheap:
owner going East. Box 2546. Call office.
THOROUGHBRED Kreyliourvd pups. male, fe-
male. $10 each; fawn, brlndle. K. C. 19 Polk.
TURQUOISE diamond ring worth $30. only $28.
Portland Loan Office. 25 Stockton st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scales; jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
! SAFES— New and, second hand. THE HER-
; MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
! 1ST-CLASS 2il-hand modern engines and boilers
sold. Krogh Mfg. Co., 9 Stevenson.
NEW Singer sewing machine: 5 drawers; oak;
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, near Fifteenth.
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stones
bought T. Fershtand. 126 Kearny st., rm. 23.
: BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
i JACOB SCHWERDT. S21 Mission st. .
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
MI.SOKM.ANKOL'S WAVI'S.
WANTED-»-A second-hand steam boiler. 13 to
20 H. P.. economizer or marine type; must
be in good order; also second-hand eteam
j winch for handling lines. Apply 405, Call b!dg.
i USE piano for storage; good care; no children;
responsible. Box 2697, Call office.
! I WILL pay cash for one or two fine large
diamonds. Box 26CJ. Call office.
WANTED— Second-hand billiard or pool, tables.
Address L. C, box 2601, Call office. ,
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
skins. Box 1205, Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. . 154 9th st : tel. Folsom 2522.
LADIES' & gents' good 2d-hand clothing bought
&sold. Silverman, 384 Folsom ;tel.Folscm 1191.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton.
matrimonial:
— . — — _u
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladies send 10c for list Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
— ™— — — — —^^ — — m
31ATTRESSEJS ANIJ FIM.OWS.
TO order, also cleaned and . sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning: honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell st;
tel. Bush 421. - •
MONEY TO LOAN.
HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner buildlngT
Si. 500. CCO at lowest rates
on first and second mortgages !
Life Interests in estates
Property being held In trust...
Undivided interests in real estate......
..Life. Insurance policies, estates In probateT.
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
If You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bldg.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (IncTy!
$300,000 at 5% & 6 'per cent In sums to suit;
City, Oakland, Town and Country property;
Second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terests In real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
H ATT AX LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT C PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest In real estate In probate..
Mortgages arid legacies bought: no delay....
Get my term* before doing business elaewher i
R. McCOLGAN«
...24 Montgomery St.. room » .-.~...
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages, on furni-
ture or pianos without rem6val; any amount;
lowest rates; open evenings 7 to 8. BECKER
& CO., 027 Market st. room 613.
ANY amount lowest rates on mortgages, es-
tates, legacies, undivided Interests, chattel
mts». etc: enterprises of merit also sousht.
D. J. HALLORAN. 206 Kearny st, room 314.
A RELIABLE corporation established In 1863:
proper place to borrow money on diamonds,
jewelry, pianos and cealsktns. Columbia Loan
Office. 9 Grant ave.. nr. Mrkt: tel. Black 5471.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 8<S Market
st; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal, libra-
ries, goods in warehouse.etc. :any amount:low-
est rates; private. Ormsby. 26 Montgomery st.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave., near
Geary st ; phone Red KOI
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out Indorser or on mortgage at S per cent per
annum. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building:
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. SOI Jones.
ON furnituie, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms: no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 68. '
ON salaries. N. Y. plan; Indorsed paper dis-
counted. TOUSLEY CO., 321 Parrott bldg.
Z% on furnltu,e and pianos; $15 up: no removal;
; no commission: private. Room 81. 6 Eddy st
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal: no
commie.; confidential. Whltehgad. 1710 Market.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAUleter st.
ONE per ceat en furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 202 Montgomery st., r. 1. j
IF you- want a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome, Bt.
ON SALARIES without Indorser; other propo-
tltlons. S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan big.
LOANS money on salary; no tndorscr; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
I JIU^SICAJ^INSTRUBIENTS.
THE only piano player for people to buy Is the
i Simplex, because it does better work than
any other and with less than half the effort.
Cail and hear one of these wonderful Instru-
ments play. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO.. 7G3 Market st. .
A BIG holiday sale of pianos, to last for four
weeks only Is now on at The Mauvals Music
Co.. 769 Market st. The very best quality of
goods will be offered at greatly reduced
j prices, as the management wish to place It
within the ability of most any one to posses*
b piano. Purchasers of presents can select
now and have the instruments kept until
ready for delivery. Payments accepted If not
convenient to pay cash. THE ZENO MAU-
VAIS MUSIC CO.. 768 Market st.
NOW la the time to have your old piano re-
paired and fixed up. We have the best fa-
cilities for such work and will make price*
very reasonable. Pianos tuned by the year.
Pianos for rent THE ZENO MAUVAIS MU.
SIC CO.. 769 Market St. .
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both new and second-hand. Is the largest went
of Chicago and includes the most reliable
makers to- choose from. New pianos sold upon
' easy payments of $6 per month ; some good
pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY ft CO.. Rtelnway dealers, corner
Kearny snd Sutter *ts.. San Francisco: cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth sts., Oakland.
ALL hiRhest grades sold by the Heine Piano
Co., scle agents most: famous, and oldest
American makes: easy payments: .bin allow-
ance fer second-hand pianos: rents $2 up al-
lowed; bargains. $25 up; Stelnways, $185;
Chlckerings. $135; CO others; agents wanted.
217 Geary sf ■. ■ ": ■ •
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright -pianos from $55 up. •'■
Second-hand square ■plane* from $50 up.
Second-hand organs ' from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 ' up. BENJ. CURTAZ A
SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell: Chickerlng, Mason
& Hamlln, -Vose. Sterling pianos. • -.
ANY piano sold by us taken back . any time
within 2 years and futl purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe, at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER & CHASE. *0 O'Farrell
St.; established 1850. : ',--. ,. -.
A SMALL Weber upright. $125; elegant walnut
case Knabe upright almost new; also Steck,
oak case; Hardtnan square, $45; organs, $25
up. BOWERS & SON. 23 Fifth st. IVERS St
POND and A. B. CAMERON. Agent*.
COME and. see our new stock of . pianos from
$200 up to Hazelton'* best; ' specially low
prices for the holidays; terms easy; no wreck-
ed goods; all perfect. THE J. DEWING CO.,
' second floor. Flood building. .
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 933 MARKET. '
PIANOS THE BEST.
- PRICES THE LOWEST.
WTTSICATi IKSTttPMEXTS— .Coa.
EXCITING bargains— Three cars new ' high-
grade pianos stored with us; ordered sold to
realize advances and storage; dirt cheap (in-
stallments). WILSON'S Storage, 1710 Market.
CHRISTMAS piano; Installments; discount any
time for cash: beautiful tone and case. 1678
■ Washinston st . ■ "■"■"•,■' -
Magnificent high-grade upright piano: S pedals;
sacrifice; party going East. -773 O'Farrell st.
STEINWAY upright, almost new. »200; party
must sell. Box 2565. Call office. : •
FOR sale— Virgil Practice Clavier; good as
new. 1514 Sacramento st. '.- - ;
A BIG bargain — Two- Weber pianos, good a?
new, 1115 and $195. 217 Geary st.
$650 UPRIGHT left on sale; price $155. R. 38,
217 Geary st.
$12.V- SCHLEIP uprlffht. excellent condition.
: $75: Erard upright- Hornung. 216 McAllister.
SUPERIOR viollnp. zithers, oldand new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
SOHMER, Byron' Mauzy, Lester Hamilton,
• S.plelman pianos. 308 Post st.
GOOD second-hand . upright for sale cheap.
■ SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister St. •
AT KF.EFFE'P. 22 Turk tt, near Market—
Shoninger. Schubert and Steinway bargains.
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent S3 per
j mo SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes.
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for maM'ng, tl per year'
OFFICES AXn STORES TO LET.
BARBER shop to rent, furnished: only $7 50
1 ! per month : good location. . C. F. MOORE,
933 Market st.,. room 6.
FOLSOM. 870— Larre store, suitable for any
j business. . UMBSEN, 14 Montgomery st.
DESKROOM in fine office cheap to right party;
1 private phone. 727 Emma Spreckels building.
FOR rent— 2 good light floors, office and Pftl'ee-
raomg.. cheap. H. A. SMITH. S3 Market. S. K.
$12 50— STORE 2 rooms, with fixtures: good for
; dressmaker or small business. 353 Fifth st.
i STORE for shoe shop and 2 living rooms; old
established place. 622 Capp st.
~- on..
OIL tanks. Fecond-hand. In good order: all
r\ 7 **; rh.9T>. TT. E. WHTTF. T.Ht M|c°|on yt.
iMfVTKii 1 * Avn nrcooi* vtoic<».
ROOMS papered from $3 up: whitening done.
Hartman Paint Co., 319 Third; tel. Red 3521.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME KO6KLLI, scientific palmist, 613
Taylor st. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
NEERGAARD, president St. Germain Colles*.
reads from 1 to 4. 700 Poyt: phone Hvcig 2S33.
r.vrLVis am) rii2.\sio>s.
PENSION" advice free; general practitioner.
: GKO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. Kxamin°rMiin.
~ 1'KHSOAiAtS.
ARl'ISTlJT halrdresslng, 25c, manicuring 25c,
gents' manicuring aOe, by experts; best hair
work at reasonable prices; baths, most ele-
gant in city. 25c; our specialties, scalp treat-
ment and face massage; Pattl Beauty Cream
I o0e; headquarters for genuine Farina Cologne:
i dainty Russian tea served free to all visitors
j at the BON-TON. 321 Post st.
j THE Star Hair Remedy Is guaranteed to re-
store gray and laded hair to natural color;
stop falling, cure dandruff, grow new hair;
* not a dye; no stain, grease or oil. At drug-
gists', hairdressers' or our office,. 3S5 Geary St.,
S. F. The Star Remedy Co., phone Black 4893.
I AN elegant line' of remnants (or suits to order,
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on Install-
ments $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. lilt Market
St., between Seventh and Eighth. ■ -• '
VAGRANT verses dedicated to ex-Queen. LI1I-
uokalani of Hawaii; never published In
America: quite Interesting. Address box 2646,
Call, with $1 75 In stamps, post paid; no
1 book »tore has It. ■ ■ ' '-.
YOUNG man would like to meet young lady
who would appreciate a Christian home; ob-
•ect matrimony; strictly confidential; no
trlller3. Address box 1625, Call office.
■ ONE BOTTLE of Plnus will cure any case of
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; price
$2 50 per bottle. For circulars, Pinus Med.
Co., 734 Valencia st. g. F.; teU Church 157V
ELECTRIC light In every room — Winchester
Hotel, 44 Tihrd st, near Market; 7CU rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to ?6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY Guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Nov. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANfa.
Domestic office, 1021 Market' et., near Sixth.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS, 709 Fifth, Oakland.
POSITIVE cure for drunkenness, opium and
morphine habits; -Mooser Co. Gold Cure; many
testimonials; direction to give secretly; price
$5. Address 1125 Geary st. San Francisco. .
.FACE massage, complexion beautifying; latest
Continental methods: electric roleau; superflu-
ous hair removed by electrolysis. Mme. Zephey
Kia-ora, parlors 330 Sutter; phone Black 1322.
BUSINESS man. *5, strictly sober, best refer-
ences, wants lady partner with means to
start honest paying business; object <• matri-
mony if suitable: Box 2610, Call office.
LETTUCE lotion Is a cleanser for the com-
plexion; Alamondlne skin food Is not grease;
. applied with cold water;, face massage a spe-
cialty. MME. FISHER. 502H Ellis st.
CANCER cured at home by Internal treatment;
no knife, plaster or pain; book and testi-
monials mailed free. Cancer Institute, l-l
West Forty-second st., N. Y.
BUSINESS man, middle-aged, wants to make
acquaintance of a lady with means: object
matrimony. Address AL SCHROEDER, 731
Mission st.
DEC. 15, Montezuma shares rise to 29c; soon
after to 50c per share. By addressing box j
2613, Call office, you can buy them cheaper.
REFINED widow, 23, wishes the acquaintance
of a pentleman of means; object, matrimony;
references exchanged. Address box 2C3C, Call.
MARRIAGE paper, containing hundreds "per- !
sonal" advertisements marriageable people,
many rich, mailed free. J.W.GunneU, Toledo, O.
ALL diseases of the hair and scalp guar. cure;
hair. grown, gray hair restored: shampooing
unexcelled. Mrs. E. R. Dunlap. 34 Kearny st.
RARE and unique presents for the holidays at
The Old Curiosity Store. US* Geary st, NAT
RAPHAEL: novelties of every description.
WHITE enamel Iron bea>, Hlnsrle. three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO. 1310-1312 Stockton *t., near Broadway.
I DO the I best halrdresslng in the city; 25c for
any style; you receive polite attention. G.
LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
YOUNG frtan would like to correspond with a
young lady or widow in the country. Box
2687. Ca office. ■ ■ '. :
SUPERFLUOUS hBlr nnd moUs destroyed with
electric needle. MIPS EATO5T. 1119, Sutter st.
A— IF your hair Is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G.S.Moore. 332 O'Farrell; send for circular.
Mrs Brlggs — Superfluous hair, moles removed
by electric needle. 96S Sutter; tel. Larkln 3171.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 7S3 Mrkt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's theatri-
cnl costumer, 26 O'Farrell; country orders.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT,
the best corn cure; 25c: all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
SCO MEN wanted to order suits for $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO.. tailors. 115 Kearny St. •
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 CO; dress pants. $2 50.
Ml3flt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. .T. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C, O'DONXELL— Office and residence,
1021»& Market st. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of . the. human body; sea
testimonials at office, .115-117 Mason, nr. Eilli.
A— DR. WONG AVD. herb doctor; sanitarium.
7C4-768 Clay st: gee testimonials at office.
PLANING AKPTDRXINT, MILLS. .
WOOD and Ivory Turning, Planing,' Shaping
and Sawing. . CARL F. HAAS. 55 Fremont »t.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
CUT rate* on shipping, draylng. storing, insur-
ing furniture, etc. SMITH. 25 Market; phone
- Main 1340. ..■■/.-■■■.. ■ ---,■
PIERCE-RODOLFH Storage and Moving Co.;
office Post and Powell stg. ; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mls-
*lon St.; tel. Howard »41. F. W.-gBHFUga.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st ; phone Jackson 28L .
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st;
tel. Main 1840: shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES, j
cSeAT^BARGAINS IN TYpl£wMTERa-We
cell better machines for less money than any
, house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. £36 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER I Typewriter : Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctor* ;astimate free. 209 Sansom*.
REAL ESTATE— CITY-— KOR^SAJLE.
G. H. UMBSEN &' CO.. •
.14 MONTGOMERY ST.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
$23,000— Make offer; McAllister St.. this side of
■ . Fillmore;' Improvements consist ot 8
. . dwellings of 6 and and 9 rooms and
bath each; all in good order; 82:6x120; 2
frontages. .-• - .
$17,000— Rents $168 per month ; near 16th and
Mission sts.; 12 well-built flats of 4 and
5 rooms and bath each; steadily rented;
brick foundation, cement walks and
- street bitumimzed. • .
$S,100— Rents $70 per month; Ashbury at, near
' park panhandle; 3 new bay-window flats
of 5 rooms and bath each; 25xlC8.
' $7,250— Rents $6S per month; Howard st, near i
12th; 2 bsy-wintlow flats of 6 and 7 rooms ;
- . and bath each; brick foundation, eta.;,
23x137:6. , '- " ■
$3,000— Rents $47 per month; Stelner-st. corner;
::.,,. 2 . flats of 5 rooms and bath each ; bay
windows, brick foundation, etc. ; all in
■ good ■ order. ■
$4,750— Kents $45 per month; near park pan-
handle; 2 well-built bay-window flat* of
5 and 6 rooms and . bath- each, with
stable In rear; 23x137:6.. .
$4,100— Rents $32 per month; Diamond st, near
19th; 2 substantial bay-window flats of
5 and 6 rooms and bath each; brick
foundation, cement walks, etc.; stable
in rear; large lot 27x125. -
$3,100— Uents $43 per month; near Sixth and
. ' Folsom ■ sts. ; 6 tenements of 4 rooms
each; good building; brick foundation,
etc. ; 25x75. : ■ '
$1',5CC— Rfints $17- per month; close to the car-
house on Mission-st. line; 3 flats of a
and 4 rooms and bath each: in perfect
order and steadily rented; 23x70.
$2,500— Bryant st; near 21st; bay-window cot-
tage of 2 rooms and bath, with 2 rooms
in attic; in perfect order; brick founda-
tion, stone sidewalk and street- bltu-
minized; 25x100.
$2,100 — A; new cozy bay-window cottage of 5
ropms and bath near the Mission-st. car
line; lot "5x100.
Send for our "Real Estate Record," contain-
ing a list of propel ties lor sale in all parts of
the city.
Latest Pocket Map of San Francisco, 23c.
, G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
,' ■ 14 Montgomery Et.
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO.. '
2C5 Montgomery St.. opp. Mills bldg.
Must be sold this week to highest bidder; any
reasonable offer submitted; cost present owner
$7&00 six months ago; mortgage of'$3o00|at 6 per
cent can remain lor 5 years; elegant AVestern
Addition residence, 6 rooms and bath and ser-
\ants' room; large basement; sunny side; best
car line street in Western Addition.
DOWNTOWN FLATS.
I15.0C0 — Rents $1740; three new elegant modern
flats, 7, S, 8 room3 and bath; 5 minutes'
walk to Powell and Market sts.
SNAP!
BARGAIN!
MUST BE SOLD THIS WEEK.
PRICE $6000: RENTS $J12 PER ANNUM.
Choice part Western Addition; Killrnoie-st.
cars few feet away; bltuminlzid street;
cement walk; north side street; i flats,
! modern, tiled mantels, etc.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$10,300— Rents *1206; three new modern flatj of
, 7 rooms and bath; Juet completed ; lot
23x125 feet: biK barzaln.
MISSION WARM BELT FLATS.
$5500— Rents $672; three elegant flats of 6, 5, 5
rooms and bath; tiled mantels, etc,;
23x!20 feet.
OAK STREET FLATS.
13000 — Two fine bay-window riats of 5 and 8
rooms and bath, on bsst block on Oak!
st.; lot 2Jxl37:«; bitumen street.
RINCON HILL FLATS.
$3300— Two well-built Hats on Rlncon Hill;
marine view; easy walking distance of
Market and Kearny sts.; rents $123.
$3750— Rents $4S0; In the manufacturing dis-
trict, close to Howard and Second sts.;
sure to double In value; four good flats.
$4250— Rents $J2!>; never Idle; three well-built
flats of 5. 5, 6 rooms; near Sixth and
Market sts.
NELSON, JOHNSON & CO.,
205 Montgomery st.. opp. Mills bldg.
MADISON & BURKE,
Established January, 1S58.
REAL. ESTATE AGENTS.
FULL. CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
K6 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
Choice piece busineis property on Kearny,
near Market St., paying G per cent on asking
price.
Sacramento at. — 2 modern " flats, near Fill-
more: lot 25x127; price $68C0.
$9730 — Grove at, near Webster; four flats;
rents $72 per month; lot 33x82:6.
$6230— Clay st. near Buchanan; 9 rooms and
bath; in good order; 27:2x127:8.
$3C00— Flats on Pleasant st. near Taylor:
renting: for $42 per month; this property. Is in
good order and is always rented. ■ ■
, $12,CC0— Rents $1116 per annum; 6 good bay-
window flats and lot 39:6x97:6; inside property.
$0710— Pays $864 per annum; 4 good flats and
large lot In good renting locality. Western Ad-
dition. . .
$23,C0O— Downtown corner; on Post st; stores
and lodzlns-house. * :-. •
$3230— Rents $600 psi" annum; Woodward ave.,
near 15th and Valencia sts. ; 4 flats; lot 23x70.
$3S00 — Very cheap corner; Church and Valley
sts.; Etcre and flats; rents $."ti; only &SCO.
$3500— Two flats; Clinton Park, near Dolores
st; rent $340 per year.
$3CC0 — A nice sunny home; north line Bush st..
near Devisadero: 7 rooms and bath; lot 24x177:6.
$33C0— Twenty-sixth st, near Castro; 2 flats:
rents $27; lot 25x114. . , .
$3400— Jones st, near Jackson* two flats;' rents
$30 per month; 35x62 :C. ...
$2730— Sanchez at.. NW. corner Jersey; cot-
tage of 4 rooms; lot 30x100.
$2000— Nice cpttasre home on Nineteenth st,
near Eureka; modern, 5 rooms and bath; lot
25x75. . ;
$4000— Valencia st. near Twenty-flfth; partly
> Improved; SoxGO to an alley.
I $6;C0— Seventeenth st, near Dolores: 4 flats;
rents IE9; lot 36:6x57:6; offered low to force
I sale. MADISON & BURKE. .
625 Market st.
WRIGHT & KWELL.
Real Estate and Financial Agents.
Loans, Insurance. 316 Montgomery st.
$42,CO0£-A prominent corner on Larkln st. : size
70x87:6: leased; pays over 7 per cent net.
$110,000— Splendid Investment on Geary st., close
in; pays over $S00 per month.
$60,000— Mission st, near Beale; within 1 block
of new railrcad offices; pays over 6
per cent.
$20,000 — Pine at., west of Leavenworth. north
. side; 75x137:6; on car line; splendid lo-
cation for lodging-house improvement.
SIXTEENTH AND GUERRERO STS.
Large lot, 130x170. with fair Improvements;
splendid opportunity for development.
DOLORES ST.,
Between Fifteenth and Sixteenth; lot 100x150.
$7,250— Shrader *t, near Waller: lot 27:8x106,
with 2 flats; renting for- $63- per month.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS DISTRICT.
Beautiful building lots: south side of Jackson.
Have fine lots en San Joee ave.. In Mission
' . warm bcltk upon which will build fiats
to suit.
To exchange— A' fine home . place In Omaha,
Neb., for good- property in country.
HAWKS & SKELTON,
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken
.of Property.
$15. CCO — S.W. cor. Leav«»nworth and Green sts.,
137x187; good house; superb view; easy ap-
proach from Hyde or Union st. ears.
$G000— Valencia-st. Investment; 2 houses, 7
rooms each; rents $45 per month; cheap.
$6000— Bargain; Investment on ' Twenty- fourth
st, near Howard; 3-story flats and store; rents
?45: easy terms; cost $10,000; make an offer.
$8300 — Jessle-st. Investment, between Fourth
and Fifth sts.
$2700— Pays big Interest; Zoe St., near Third
and Bryant; rents $360 per annum; In good re-
pair.
$3100— Lot on south side of Chestnut st, west
of Hyde: 27:«xllO; fine view of bay.
?8550— Lot N.W. corner Hyde and Filbert sts.;
60x137; fine slto for building with every room
sunny: good view south; also view of Golden
Gate from upper floor, i ■
$3000— Lot In Potrero. cor. Vermont and Eight-
eenth: 110x100; street graded and sewered.
$1500— Lot north side Fulton st. near First
ave.. facing Park: 25xl"7; make an offer.
HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st.
FOR SALE OR RENT—
New 2-story house, with lot 60x120, fronting
Boulevard and; Ocean Beach; 2 blocks south
from electric cars; a profitable place for a
hotel, as it Is the only place on the boule-
vard; neiir the station. ■
Lot on First ave.. bet. Clay and "Washington
sts.: bituminlzed: 25x101 (cheao).
5-room and bath' house j on Twenty-third st.,
near Doujlass; come In and secure; ,rent
money will r>ay for It. v
Nearly finished ; 2 houses: 4 rooms and bath;
opposite Valencia-st terminus; easy terms.
$2"0— House and lot; 50x120; on Alvln Tract,
ElmhurstR. R. station; $25 down, ?5 monthly;
and lots 25x125; BOc monthly payments.
Go and ««e the new modern 2-story house front-
ing Boulevard, Ocean Beach, near Boulevard
station; orofltable place for a hotel. .
Lots in different parts of the city.
: .JACOB HEYMAN. 117 Sutter st
MY neighbor Is rich and their children are
riding In carriages, . but we are poer. Why?
Because their father bought sand lots at $100,
worth now $4000. - ' •
Just think, I am offering: sand ' lots -near
Park and j Ocean Boulevard for $100, $1 down,
$1 monthly. Call for diagram. .
JACOB HEYMAN,
; . . :m sutter st.
A SACRIFICE-rCottage. 4 rooms; modern Im-
provements ; terms same as paying rent Ap-
ply Stoneman st, near Folsom. * .
REAL ESTATE — CITY-— FOR »ALB.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
: . 10 Montgomery. street
$2,250— Dolores, near 15th st. ; best and cheap-
■ est building lots in town;- extra deep; ;
size, 25x150.
$9,000— Rents $960 per year; northwest corner
on Bryant st: sire 75x75; store and
fiats; all In first-class order throughout.
. $500— A bargain in a lot for a home; adjoin-
ing lots sold $750 each; Elizabeth st,
near Diamond. - -
$2,100— Cheap; cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
■ • lot 25:3xl£0; 4th ave.. near Point Lobos.
$7,000— Vallejo st, corner Montgomery: lot 65x
■ SO; 2 houses and 2 flats.
$3,750— Rents $33 per month; flats 6 rooms and
bath; driveway and stable; lot 25x30;
Kislipg st., near 12th and Howard.
$e,5C0— Russ St., near Howard and 6th; lot
30x100; house 13 rooms, 2 baths, etc.
$10,500— Taylor St., corner Greenwich; lot 90x90;
frame buildings.
$5, 500— Howard st, north side, near 7th; lot
25x90; improvements rent $33 per month.
CHOICE LOTS FOR FLATS.
$l,C00— Waller, near Shrader and the Park en-
trance; 25x137:6.
$2,250— Stanyan, near Frederick, faces the
Park; 25x106:3; only lot left.
$3.C0O— SE. corner of Green and Gough; 28x100.
$20,000— Extra large lot 40x105; 2 substantial
■ a buildings renting for $115 per month;
splendid site for apartment house; near
' Sutter and Mason.
$9,500— Rents $S6 per month and can be In-
creased; building in first-class order:
separate flats; Sacramento St., near
Hyde; large lot 35x137:6.
$13,000— Rents $170 per month ; J new modern
fiats of 7, 7, 10 rooms and bath each;
lot 27:6x137:6; Nob Hill, California st.
$11,000— Large residence of 13 rooms and bath,
easily converted Into flats at outlay of
$4000: would rent for $1920 per annum;
lot 30x137:6; Bush zt
$1.830— Turk at., near Baker; cottage of four
rooms and basement
$3,500— Folsom st; 2-story building, store be-
low, flat above; 7 rooms; vicinity of 4th
■ street; rents $25. '
$8,250— Three-story and basement building;
store and 4 rooms, 2 flats above, rear
house of 2 flats; lot 25x137:6; rents $63 50
month; 8th st. not far 'from Market.
$3,600— Four separate flats In splendid condi-
tion; vicinity of Folsom and 9th «ts.;
lot 27x75; all rented; rents $39 per mo.
Send to our- office for "Buyer and Seller,"
containing full list of Improved and unim-
proved properties for sale; mailed free.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery *t
.....CREAM OF PARK LOTS
— In blocks fronting Golden Gate Park....
Opposite 19th ave. Boulevard Park Entrance
On H and I sts. and
17th, ISth, 19th and 20th aves "...
......Streets and Lots
....On Official Grades, Macadamized, etc....
• All Ready to Build On
Water! Gas! Welsbach Street Lights! Plank
— : Sidewalks'. Excellent Car Facilities!
The Better Class of Residences in Sunset Dist
...Low Prices Bound to Increase In Value...
These Lots Have No Equal
Your own terms, small first payment, balance
..$!0 monthly Installments; interest only 6..
Per cent
For diagrams and prices call at our branch of-
fice (open week days, Sundays and holidays),
corner H st. and Ninth ave.. south of Park.
Horse and buggy at your disposal.
BALDWIN & HOWKLL. 10 Montgomery st.
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
Houses Rented, Rent3 Collected and Full
Charge Taken of Property.
BJ4 MARKET ST.
$13.000— Splendid NE. corner In the Western
Addition, with stores and flats, renting for $123
per mouth; lot 31:7x100 feet.
$13,0oO— Choice 3-story house containing 12
rooms and bath; north line' of Mission st,
close to Sixth; lot £5x35 feet; rented at present
for $55 per month; rent low.
$13,000—5 fiats on Grove st. near Franklin;
lot 27:6x120 feet; rents for $131 50 per month.
$12.000— Sacramento st., near Scott; modern 2-
stoiy residtnee containing 9 rooms and bath;
lot 50x127:6 feet.
$11,000— Eddy st., near Laguna; 2 flats and 2
rear houses; lot 25:9x120 feet through to rear
street; rents for $7S 53 per month
$10,000— Choice residence of 12 rooms and 2
baths; lot 2G:10V4xl27:8' / i feet; on the north
line of Clfiy St., near Walnut.
$7;00— Choice 12-room residence on the,, north
line of Washington st, near Flllmore; rented
for $S9 per month.
$C753 — Pierce St., near Haight; 2 modern flats
of 6 and 7 rooms and bath; lot 25x106:3 feet;
rents for $55 per. month.
$6500—2 fiats on Grove st, near Laguna; lot
25x120; rents $50 per month. .
$4000— Choice residence en Twentieth at, near
Valencia, containing 6 rooms and bath.
$40€0— 2 f.ats on Natoma St.. near Sixth; lot
25x75 feet: rents for $30 per month.
$3230— Clara st. near Sixth; 2 flats; lot 22:6x
80: rents $28 per month.
5IS0C — Cottage of 5 rooms and bath; large at-
tic and basement; lot 27x120 feet; Richmond
district, adjacent to 3 car lines.
$2250— Twenty-third St.. near Douglass; choice
cottage of 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x111 feet;
$300 cash rind balance on terms.
$1700— Diamond st, near Twenty-fourth; cot-
tape of 5 rooms and bath. ■ .•» -
$700— Choice SE. corner In the Mission district:
lot £8x100 feet.
SGZl— NE. corner Eighteenth ave. and Califor-
nia st. ; size 28x100 feet.
Further particulars of
. BOVEE. TOY & SONNTAG.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market opp. Kearny.
Real Eftate Agents and Kent Collectors.
$70,CCO— Reduced from $SO,OCO; corner, ■ 75x75 feet,
within one-third block cf Market st.
and close to Hlbernia Bank; stores and
: lodijlng-houae: best Investment oft
Market st. ; mu.=t be sold.
JCO.CCO — Corner 48x82:6; first corner facing Mar-
ket st. north: sold for $42,500 twenty
years aso: v/ant offer.
JCO.CCO— Gore corner; brick building; S stores
' and 1C6 rooms; bank mortgage $50,C(!0;
rents $400; can easily be Increased tu
$3C0.
$55,000 — Half - block from Orpheum: one block
from proposed Crocker Hotel and new
Flood building; stores I and lodging-
house.
{■10,000 — Geary-st. corner; lot $7:0x137:0 ft.; very
substantial Improvements; rents $255;
pays 7 Der cent net.
$32,0CO— Turk st, one block from Market st;
store and 16 rooms above; this is a
splendid buy. •
$30,000 — Eddy st., near Jones; 4S ft. frontage;
frame Improvements; this is a quick
'seller.
$27,5CO— Business corner: best location In West-
ern Addition; store end flats; rents
*200.
$23,C0O— McAllister St. bargain: 82:6x120: only
party Improved; rents $134. - j
$16,500— Panhandle corner; two new buildings; I
rents $142; lot 37x115.
$15,000— Leavenworth st. Investment; 57 feet
. front; rents $105; always rented.
$12,750— New Van Ness ave. flats; rents $123; a
safe buy.
$11,500— Ellls-st. corner: stores and flats: S
frontages: lot 37:0x87:6 feet; rents J33.
$9,500— Rents $1C3; lot 50x80; downtown invest-
ment.
; $1,950— Two modern flats; only one-half block
fiom Market st. ; rents $10; cost nearly
. $75CO. .
J3.6C0— Flats vicinity Third and Howard »ts. ;
rents $46 50; mortgage $17C0 can remain.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 657 Market st. !
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.),
.513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
$16,500 — Turk, - near Jones; 27:6x137:6; two 2-
story houses. '
$82iC— Hayes, near Buchanan; 27x35; 3 flats;
rents ?67. - . ..
$5000— Union place, near Green; 20x58:9; two
houses; rents £41.
$5000— Leavenworth, near Union; 23x112:8; 3
■new flats;, rents $47..
' $4750 — Mason, near Sacramento; fiats; rents
$11 E0. . '
$4C00— Union, near Jones; 22:6x120 to rear
street; residence of 7 rooms and bath.
$45C0— Corner Twenty-sixth and Capp; 30x63;
2 houses; rents $31.
$4250— Fell, near Devisadero; 23x137:6; house
of 7 roorr.s and bath.
$3000— Scott place, near Broadway; 25x5S; (
flats; rents $C9. -
$2500— Shipley, nr. 6th; 23x75; 2 flats; rents $17.
UNIMPROVED.
California, near Webster; 3 lots, each 25xl37:B.
$9CC0 — Corner Buchanan and Pine; 55x31:3.
5i7CCO— Broderick, near O'Farrell; 50x137:6.
$7CC0 — Buchanan, near Sutter: 50x137 :6r-and L
25-50. - >
$5500— Greenwich st, near Taylor; 43:18x137:6.
?3000— Waller, near Webster; 60x120 to rear
street.
$50C0— Capp st. near Twenty-fifth; 65x115.
■ Cor. Nineteenth ave. and Clement st; 200^120.
$4000— Corner • Jones and Filbert *ts. ; 26x70.
$3500— Fulton st. near Flllmore; 32:6x137:6.
Point Lobos, near 22d ave.; 53:4x100
' Corner 25th and Point Lobos; 48:6x100:
$2250— Union st, near Webster; 34:4^x137:8.
$12:0 each— Polk st., near Chestnut;" 3 lots.
27:6x87:6. .
$1250— Octavla 1 st, near Union; 23x59:6.
$1CCO— Sanchez, -near Eighteenth; 25x105. -
$83 a front foot— Mission, near Twenty-eighth
400 lots, $200 to $400; terms easy; electric road
passes. ' ' -■
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Choice lots at low prices cause quick- sales.
$100 to $450— Graded Ocean boulevard lots;
fine, view; only few left; $10 monthly.
$500 ' to . $300— Bargain* in Sunset; atreets
graded and sewered; easy terms.. - . .
, Sunset branch office, 9th ave., near H at
5400 to $S0O— Choicest lots In Richmond.
$100 to $250— Level lots near MIsslon-st elec-
trio cars; $10 down; $5 monthly. - .
$950 to $2000— 4-room cottages; all bargains;
splendid location*; easy terms.
SOL GETZ & BRO..
>.:, - Room 44, Chronicle bldg.
BARGAIN. EXCELS ANYTHING.
MUST BE SOLD.
Choice block, 240x600, south of Park," bet L
and M.bts., 42d and 43d aves.: call quick. ■
• SOL GETZ & BRO..
, . , . . Koom 54. Chronicle bids. •
REAL ESTATES — CITT— FOR SALS.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
623 Market Street."
AUCTION !
AUCTION I
AUCTION! *
TUESDAY December 17, 1S01
At Our Salesroom. 638 Market Street,
At 12 O'clock Noon.
SECOND ST. IMPROVED PROPBIBTT.
Northeast side of Second st, 137:4 aoutheart
of Brannan — Improvements consist of U flat* of
5, 8 rooms and a grocery on Second it.; also IS
cottages of 4 rooms each on Rlncon av«. ; rent*
$3SSS per annum; large lot, 137:6x255 feet,
through to Japan st.
HAIGHT ST. IMPROVED PROI"ERTT.
• South side (Nos. 133-137) Haight it, CT:«
feet east of Laguna— Two flaa substantial
houses of 6, 9 rooms and bath each; rents $73 50
per month; lot 50x37:6.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
North aide (Nos. 73-73U) Elliott Park. 440 fe<rt
west of Steiner et., and between Geary and
O'Farrell sts— Two nice flats of 4, 5 rooma and
bath; rents $23 per month; lot 22x70 feet.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
Southeast side (Nos. 923-92514) Natoma at. 12S
feet northeast of Eleventh — Two front flats. 4.
5 rooms and bath, and a rear cottage, 4 rooma;
rents $33 per month; lot 23x73 feet.
POINT LOBOS AVE. INVESTMENT.
North side (31S-320-322) Point Lobos ave., 83 :t
feet west of Wood St.— Two good flats, 5 rooma
and bath each and a two-story house. • rooms
and bath; mortgage of $3000 can remain at • per
cent; lot £0x81:3 feet.
1 WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
South side (No. J25) Haight *t, 125 fast w««t
of Devisadero — An Imposing, well-built house
of 7 rooms and bath and basement; cement
walk; lot 25x137:9 feet
MISSION HOME.
North (Ids (No. 4338) Army *t, H9 tnX wett
of Diamond— A well-built house, 4 rooma; al»o
stable: 5 e tails, loft, well, windmill and tank;
rent $11; large lot. 110x114 feet
MISSION FLATS.
West side (I486) of Dolores at. 78:5 feet norUi
of 28th— Two well-built flats of 5, I room*;
rents $30 per month; lot 25x100 feet
-CITY LAND ASSOCIATION LOTS.
South aide of Garfield at. 73 feet wwt of
Ralston— Two lota, 25x100 feet.
CHOICE SUNNTSIDB LOTS.
Southwest corner Sunnyslde ave. and Badtn
*t. also south side of Sunnyslde ave., 75 feet
west of Baden at— Three lots, 25x100 feet each.
EASTON, SLDRTDGB A CO..
. ; 833 Market t.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
63S Market it.
VXRIZ PANHANDLE FLATS.
$10,000— Three new modern flat* of 8-T room*
and bath: all the latest modern up-to-
date ideas are to b» found In this
building: just completed; rents $37 SO
per month; lot 23x112:6 feet
y A SNAP. ■'»'
$6,390 — A handsome home of 10 room* asd bats
and a cottase of '4 rooms and bath; on
- Sanchez, near 21st at; ftn» larce :
grounds, with an elegant view of the,
city and bay; the land consists of two
lots, 101x114 feet each, and has Uires
street frontages.
HARRIET-ST. FX.AT3.
$5,500— Six well-built Cats of 3 room* each:
present low rent nays $608 »*r annum:
lot 50x73 feet; flats of thla character In
this location are easily rented.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
$3. CCO — Make offer: handsome modern up-to-
date house of 9 rooma and bath: near
Park Panhandle: fine stable and good
cottagre in rear; situated In th» mlddia
of a fine large B0- foot lot; a rare chance
for a physician.
PAYS OVER 89 PER CENT PER ANNUM.
Only $S00 cash required: 4 well-built flats of
3 rooms each; new plumbing; thla U a
bargain that cannot be duplicated.
-MUST BE SOLD.
$3,750— Handsome modern residence of I rooms
and bath on a northeast corner: near '
Haight and Broderick sts.; magnificent
panoramic view of the city; a great op-
portunity to' make a quick turn; lot 2S:3
x86:3 feet
WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE ON TOUR
OWN TERMS.
$1,2:0— Handsome cottage of 8 rooms and bath:
modern; on the north side of Waller
st. near Scott; no fog or wind; lot 23:9
xl37:6 feet
GUERRERO-ST. RESIDENCE.
$3,250— A substantial well-built residence of T
rooms and bath; near 22d St.; this prop-
erty has been reduced from $4000 and
must be sold.
NOTE.
Settlements on the above sales will b« mad*
after the flrat of the year, after the *everal
savings banks declare their dividends.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market it.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
. . .103 MONTGOMERY ST..
3AN FRANCISCO.
NEW FLATS.
In Ashbury Heights; 7 and 9 rooms; all lat-
est modern improvements; rent (60; lot 23x137:6;
rrlce $6CC0.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
A fine key lot on Spruce st, near "Washing-
ton, with marine view; slza 27:5^x137:3 feet;
price ?3CC0. .
PAGE STREET.
Near Laguna; residence of 10 rooms; fin«
sunny lot, 27:Gxl37:6, with good rlew; pric«
$7500; cost $10,000.
RICHMOND LOTS.
Send for out* plats of Richmond lots; all
prices; sold on terms if desired.
HOWARD-STREET FLATS-
Rents $63; price $6750; three flats on Howard
Bt., near Twelfth; 7. 6 and 5 rooms; all rented;
lot 25x137:6; In good condition; new plumbing,
PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
Splendid nearly new borne on. Pacific Heights;
D rooms and bath; sunny lot, with beautiful
marine view; price $13. SCO.
BUSH-STREET FLATS.
Two new flats on Bush st: 6 and T rooms;
rented for $60 50 monthly; price $7000.
LOTS FOR FLATS.
Fine lots, corner of Scott and McAllister *t*. ;
j must be sold for absent heirs: sizes. 27:8X127:4
and 25x106:3: prices very reasonable: send for
plat and prices. - .
IN THE MISSION.
Cottage of 6 rooms and bath, on Shotwell st.,
near Twenty-second; easy terms If desired;
trend for our list of other Mission cottages; all
prices.
A SNAP.
On Clay *t. In Presidio Heights; 25x103 feat;
only $15C0; the cheapest lot in the district.
CHEAP LOT.
On California street, between Second and
Third avenues; 25x100; only $850.
NEW FLATS.
In Panhandle district; Just built; seven room*
each; all the latest Improvement*; price $10,500;
rent $03.
MISSION FLATS.
Two flats of 5 and ( rooma on Bartlett st.,
between 21st and 22d; rents $42 50; price $5100.
Three-room cottage lot, 10x114 feet In th«
Mission; only $1100.
Seed for our list of cheap lots situated in all
parts oT the city. -
McAFEE BROTHERS,
103 Montgomery st, San Francisco.
LYON & HOAG. ~~~~
/ 114 Montgomery it-
$14.000— Rent $110; elegant flats oa FacUlo
Heights, facing public park; contain
S and 11 rooms, etc., each; larg* lot;
offer wanted.'
$S250— Mission st, near Sixteenth; t-story
building, containing a store and S flat*
of S rooms and bath each; also 3
rooms In rear of store; bulldlnz cost
$10,000.
$12,500— Great bargain in business property; on
two prominent streets In Mission; lot
35x92:8. with substantial Improvements
In good condition, containing stores
and flats; renting for $123; heavily
mortgaged and must be sold at once.
$S000— Close to Page and Ashbury sts. : 1
bay-window flats, containing 5 and (
rooms each; total rents $72 50.
$10,500— Two substantially built houses. clos«
to Devisadero and California nts. ; con-
taining 9 rooms and bath each and all.
modern conveniences; lot 55x110; must
be sold to close- an estate: rents $90;
offer wanted.
$7000— Great bargain; O'Farrell St.. near La-
guna: two bay-window houses. 7 rooms
and bath each; rented low at $53; lot
25x120, to Oliver ave.
$3250— Three fine corner flats on Flllmor* *t.;
sun in every room: rent $70.
$23,500— Splendid corner Investment on McAl-
lister st.; handsome 3-story bulldlna;;
stores and flats; always rented; rent
$2550 per annum; big lot"; best buy la
the market.
SEND. FOR PRINTED CATALOGTJHL
LYON & HOAO.
lit Mont -ornery st.'.
SNAPS— ~
$10,000 — Rents $120. which can be .Increased:
large lot with L in the rear 75x70. and
main lot. 51x137:6; improvements In
good order; must be sold at once; a
barzaln. ■ .
$1400— Sold on account of mortgage: can be
bought cheap; cottage and lot 23x114:
Twenty- ninth St.. near Noe; cars at
property. , ,'.'■■•
$500— UOxlCO: sold for absent owner, who
needs the money; well-located lot In th*i
' Excelsior Homestead: Misslon-st. enrs.
McEWEN BROS.. 113 Montgomery st.
FOR EALE— 3-roomed house and lot, $300; $3
down. $10 per month. J23 Utah st.
$1200^ — 4-ROOM pottage, with bath; see owner on
premises. 1C2 Tenth ave.. Sunset District.
For Additional Classified Advertise-
ments See Page Forty-Two.
4142
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR 8 ALB.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO., .
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
218-220 Montgomery st.
JJ.250— Northwest corner; Presidio Heights;
flats, 7 and 8 rooms and bath each;
latest in every way; lot 37:6x37 feet.
$2,000 each— Capp Et.. near 16th; 2 lots. 2jx
105 leet each.
$7.750— Residence ; Washington st., near Wal-
nut; 10 rooms and bath; lot ClM'.jx
127:SVi.
$14,000— Calllornia-st. residence; 2 stories and
basement; 15 rooms and 2 baths; lot
84:9x1^7:6 feet; fine view of the city.
$7,000— A northwest corner In ' Western Addi-
tion, with residence of 11 rooms and
bath; lot 24:6xt>7:6 feet; cheap.
$16.000— Mission-st. investment; rent $130; sub-
Etantial building, stores and rooms
above; lot 60x122:6 feet.
$8,000— Valencia 6t., corner Seventeenth: lot 25x
100 feet; Just the place for store and
flats.
$4, BOO— Valencia 6t., between Seventeenth and
Eighteenth; 25x100 feet, or 2 lota at
same rate.
$S, 000— Two-story brick building downtown,
close to Montgomery st. ; leased to one
tenant: $50 per month net; will pay
over 6 per cent.
$11,500— Post et.. sunny side, near Larkin : sub-
stantial 2-story house of 10 rooms and
bath; rent $60; lot 24:6x120 feet to rear
street.
$18,000— California st.. corner Franklin; beautl- '
ful residence; lot 43x137:6 feet.
$13,500— California St., between Van Ness ave.
end Franklin si.; lot 45x137:6 feet.
$11.000— Bush st.. near Leavenworth; lot 30xlS7:6
feet, with substantial 2-story and fin-
ished basement hous-e of 10 rooms and ;
bath; this house could readily be
changed Into flats and would bring a
large income; rents at present $90.
$:2, 500— Pacific ave.; modern residence, 7 bed-
rooms. 2 baths; hardwood finish on
main floor.
$7,600— Oak St.. near Market: S flats and cot-
tage; rents liS; lot, 27:6x120 feet.
$12,000— Turk st., near Jones; 2-story house, t
rooms and bath; present rents nominal;
lot 22x137:6.
H.2W— Bents $18 monthly; $400 mortgage at 6
per cent can remain; south of Market
it. Investment; close to Third and
Bryant sts. -
C2.000— MUsicn et., sear Ninth; lot 40x160 feet;
church building on Mission st. and 2
dwelling: housei on Ninth.
t7,0O»— Clay st., near Baker; 2 modern flats, •
and 7 rooms and bath; lot 27 :< feet
front; a rare chance.
$5,500— Howard St.. between 22d and 23d; sub-
stantial residence of 9 rooms and bath:
lot 22x122 :C feet.
$5,250— Capp et., between 22d and 23d; 2 modern
flats of 6, 7 rooms and bath: lot 26:Sx
122:6 feet.
|7,600— Jackson st.. near Maple; modern resi-
dence of 8 rooms and bath; lot 30x129
feet; must be sold.
$3,150— No. 8648 21st et., near Church; modern
artletlc cottage of ? rooms and bath;
large lot. 60 feet front by 114 feet;
grand view of the city; a positive bar-
gain; must be sold.
$7,000— Lyon st., near Page; modern and well-
built residence, 9 rooms and bath; rent- '
Ing at present for $52; lot 25x100 feet. '
$5,000— Xlneteenth St., near Valencia; 2-story
frame dwelling of 8 rooms and bath*:
lot 2;xS5 feet; mortgage J150U can re-
main.
112,500— NW. corner of Oak st., with store, flat
and house; pays $100 per month; lot i
42:8x&:8 feet; near Market et.; a snap. •
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE &. CO.. I
218-220 Montgomery St.. Mills bldg. j
O. D. BALDWIN & SON,
_'_«• il ~ Montgomery st.
$2,600— Rents $25; 2 flats. 4 rooms and bath '
each; near Geary and Steiner sts. '■
$10,000— Rents $37 50; 3 new flats cf 6, c and 7 ]
rooms and bath: all the latest Improve- i
ments; Panhandle district. :
$2,000— Rents $34; near Folsom and Seventh J
sts.; 3 flats; lot 25 feet frontage I
$1,200— Fifteenth St.. bet. Noe and Castro; 24x '
. .,„, 90; street accepted; concrete sidewalk. I
$1,603— N.B. cor. Fifteenth and Castro; 24x90; i
street bituminized; concrete sidewalk. !
$3,800— N.E. cor. Folsom and Norfolk; Ss>x75; j
suitable for stores and flats !
$3,500— Green ct. t near Leavenworth: finest '
marine view in town; 2 lots and house. ;
$500-Cheap as dirt; corner lot in Richmond; !
50xli'u; with marine view
$6,000— Minna, near Third st.; house of 21 i
rooms; rents $60 i*er month.
$13.000 — Howard, near Fourth St.; rents $100 j
per month; fine 3-story building.
J2.000— Cheap lot on California st.. near Baker; '
24x100. ;
$19,000— Rents $2100 per annum; Eddy, near j
Franklin; large lot; rineft flats in the !
cky. ;
$1,800 each; lot* on Sacramento et., near
Bpnxce; 23x127 each
$12,030— McAllister et.. north side; best bus!- I
ness block; 30x137:6; 3-story building; ;
rents $90. j
$6,000— Handsome house of 9 rooms and bath on i
sunny side of Green st., near Fillmore; j
fine marine view. i
t \0r0— lients $80; N.W. corner on Bryant st. ; !
store and flats; lot 75x75. •
V ■.'■'-— Howard Et.. near Fourth; 4-story and;
'.Mjsement building containing stores and i
i.jdging -house; rents $120; bank mort- !
Hige of $3000 can remain; pays 14 per !
cent net on equity. * ;
C2.0W— New cottage of 5 rooms and porcelain
bath on Fifteenth et. near Castro; lot
41-X103; very cheap.
$9,000— Rents r75 50; Folsom st. near Fifth; 3 '
stores and 2 flats of C rooms and bath j
. „ «*„ * ach: alwavs rented; a good investment.
$10,000— Hyde st., near Geary; 25xS7:6; 2 nice I
flats; rents $£5. ;
$5,000— Bush St., mar Fillmore, north side; I
27:6x77:6; 2 nice flats. i
$7,S00— Larkin St.. near Washington; 3 flats C. '
6 and 7 rooms and bath; rents $6153; i
mortgage of $3500 can remain j
$2,600— Bluxome St.. near Fourth; 25x120; cheap |
$3.000— Shipley, near Fourth; 3 flats; rents $34! j
A. J. RICH & CO.. Real Estate Agents. !
.112 Montgomery st. ' >
$120,000— Post St.; large corner; three frontages; '
new modern building; pays $S400 per !
annum; gilt edge investment
$45,000— Paclflc ave.; magnificent corner resi-
dence; latest modern Improvements; I
large lot; commands a grand marine !
view. i
$43,505— Sutter et., NE. corner. 50x80; pays $276
per month; can be Increased to $300.
$42,500 — Stockton st., opposite Union Square;
pays $2400 per annum; can be Increased;
fine large brick building.
$42,500— Devisadero St.; large corner lot; sub-
stantial improvements; stores and flats;
rents $232 per month.
$28,000— Sacramento et.: grand residence near '
Franklin St.; fine grounds; lot C8:Ux i
137 :6. , i
$20,000 — Mission st,: large improved corner near ■
Sixteenth; stores and flats; rents $170
per month; a fine Investment.
$18.500— Ellis st.; ! large modern Improved
fiat?; 6teady tenants; large income.
$18,500— Post St.; corner; 65x162:6 with ell 1
7ixl00; flats and cottages; good invest-
ment.
$12,000— Washington st., near Webster; large
lot. 53x127:6.
$11,000— Fillmore st.; corner: store and flats;
fine Income.
$10,000— Sacramento St.; corner: 32:6x87:6; dou-
ble house. 8 rooms and bath In each.
$6,800— Geary St.. near Devisadero; lot 28x123
to rear Ft.; 4 flats.
$7,000— Reduced to $6000; Sacramento St.; mod-
ern improvemed residence. 8 rooms and
bath; lot 27:6x132:6.
$5,250— Post St.. No. 1625, between Lag-una and
Buchanan; lot 27x137:6; bouse i rooms
and bath.
$4,750— Residence II rooms and bath with fur-
niture: Hawthorne st. near Folsom • lot
rsnos.j. a. j. rich & co..
112 Montgomery st.
nSOO-COTTAGE. 4 rooms; lot 25x100.
J1200— Cottage. 5 rooms.
S16T/0 — Cottage, 4 rooms.
$2000—2 flats, 4 rooms, bath each.
$2600—2 flats, 5 rooms, bath; lot 40xSO. W L
$2250— Cottage. 5 rooms, bath; $150 cash, bal-
ance on eaey terms.
$2500—5 rooms, bath.
$3500— Lombard et.; 10 rooms, bath; lot COxflO.
$8500 — Handsome residence, 14 rooms bath*
lot 87:Cxl30. PATTERSON & CO., '
t 11 City Hall square. ,
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS.
' EASY TERMS.
vie are offering the NW. corner of Hayes
and Fillmore sts. In subdivisions. 25 and 27;6
feet front; Ideal location for residence or flats.
G. H. UMCSEN & CO. 14 Montgomery st.
A SPLENDID INVESTMENT.
Six new fiats, all leased for one year at a
total rental of $2870; price $24,750. For terms
eee owner on premises. 1229 Page st. near
Baker. >■--
$2C0O-£16 SEVENTH St.. neat cottage, « rooms;
lot 25x80. Apply DAVID STERN, 11 Mont-
gomery et.
FOR sale— Sacrifice ; handsome flats on Liberty
st.; choice location. Owner, box 2614, Call.
$1750 EACH— 2 choice level lots suitable for
residence or flats: close to Park Panhandle -
to be offered at a bargain or will exchans-e
O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery el.'
FOR sale— Must be sold; a three-story house of
4 looms each; newly painted and renovated
throughout. Apply Owner. m% Sixth st.. city.
FOR sale or to rent, near San Mateo— AK
acres: good soil: water; level; small bouse!
207 Church St., after 5 p. m.
A SNAP— Cottage, 4 rooms. $1050; terms same
as paying rent. Apply SE. corner Alabama
and Montcalm sts.
FOR SALE — As a whole or In subdivisions &0-
vara lot, south line Union et.; 137:6 feet eaxt
of Pierce. Lot, northeast corner Green and
Pierce ets.. 103:6xl27;f feet. Inquire of
CHARLES C. BEMIS. Real Estate Broker
224 Monte-ornery et.
$12.000— 40-FOOT lot: Pacific ave. THE Me-
CARTHY CO.. 646 Market St.
$1600— COTTAGE and lot In Mission; near car
THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market et.
FOR sale— Three lots in Mission <San Jose ave
and Twenty-seventh St.). $3000 for the 3; lots
at Ocean View from $100 to $400; lots at Bel-
mor.t, $500 each; lots near Palo Alto at $300
each. Address box 2583, Call office.
CORNER York and ISth sts.— 2 fiats; lot 28x91;
street work done; $3500; cash or installments
Particulars see Owner. 2300 Leavenworth st.
IUSAlA ESTATE—CITY— FOR SALE.
R, D. CRANSTON & EON.
25— Third Floor— Mills Building.
$10,500— Rents $1176 per annum; three new flats,
7 rooms and bath each; latest improve-
ments; Panhandle district; lot 25x125.
$11,000— Rents $110 per month; three new flats,
6, .6, 7 rooms, bath; modern Improve-
ments; near McAllister St.: lot 25x112:6.
$10.000— Rents $97 50; three new flats, 6. 6. 7
rooms and bath; near Park; lot 25x100.
$7.500— Rents ?G7 50; two modern flats, 6 and 7
rooms; east side, near Park; lot 25x134.
$6,500— Rents $57 50; two modern flats, 6 and 7
j rooms; lot 25x106:3; Clayton, nr. Park.
16,600— Modern residence, large parlors, dining-
room, breakfast-room, 6 large bedrooms,
finished basement; lot Z5xl37:6.
$S,000— Attractive modern residence, 10 rooms,
bath, lurnace, etc.; near McAllister.
$7,000— New artistic home; hardwood finish, 8
rooms and bath; best residence district
south of Panhandle.
$27,000— Market St.; lot 33x124 through to Ste-
venson st.
$44,000— Mission st., between Fourth and Fifth;
56 feet frontage.
$l,C50— Cheapest lot in Panhandle, one block
from Park entrance; 25x100. . •
SEW modern house 7 rooms, large basement
and yard; sun all day. Cor. Waller and Por-
tola sts.. bet. Pierce and Stelner.
HEAL ESTATE — COU.NTHY — For Sale
VINEYARD,
Winery.
Distillery.
In Napa Co.,
1150 acres,
300 acres resistant vines.
400,000-gallon cooperage.
Fine brick residence,
Price only $60,000.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
103 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
THE CHOICEST BODY
OF RECLAIMED MARSH LAND.
3CG0 acres.
No waste soil.
2S00 acres under cultivation.
Remainder will be.
Net rental, $5 to $7 per acre.
One and ont-half hours
From San Francisco
By rail or water
For sale
As a whole
On easy terms.
A longe lease might be given to desirable
parties.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
1C8 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
VILLA SITES
In the heart
of the
EL CERRITO HIGHLANDS,
San Mateo.
In view of the great demand for building |
j sites in El Cerrito we have been instructed by
the Bowie Estate Company to offer for sale
tne choicest portions of the above property.
Maps showing locations and subdivisions to
be seen at our office.
Terms one-third cash, balance in one and
two years.
; McAFEE BROTHERS,
' 108 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
i FOR SALE
OR EXCHANGE.
A highly improved country home and vine-
! yard property, situated adjoining the town of ]
! Saratoga. Santa Clara Co., and consisting of 50 |
i acres; there are 30 acres planted to the best
1 resistant vines grafted to choicest wine grapes; j
a few acres are in family orchard; the Im- '■
l>roveiEents consist of a. large 11-room modern ]
residence, with spring water piped throughout ;
the house ts surrounded by handsome grounds,
with lawns, flowers and shrubs; there are also
' stables and other ranch buildings; the house
sets on a sufficient elevation to command a
beautilul view of the Santa Clara Valley; the
: wln^ industry i» assured good prices for years
to come and wine grapes are selling for $25 to
$39 per ton, which makes a resistant vineyard !
an Investment preposition : this property is
worth your immediate investigation; price $15,-
000. For full information call on or address
McAFEE BROTHERS.
1CS Montgomery St.. San Francisco. Cal.
OIL LA&DR. J
i
Near Sunset District,
Kern County, California.
C000 acres.
For sale or exchange Cheap
McAFEE BROTHERS,
10S Montgomery st., San Francisco.
: 30- ACRE home ranch, 2 miles from RR. town,
i Alameda County: house, barn, poultry houses,
i etc.: plenty good water: price $2000 for quick
j sale. H. H. CRANE, 508 California st.
j ATTENTION, HOMESEEKERS.
j SAN MATEO.
I FAIR OAKS,
' MENLO PARK,
~~ PALO ALTO.
I We have some beautiful villa sites and homes '
! in these beautiful places; also some handsomely j
furnished houses for rent. ;
DAVID BUSH & SOX. 10 Montgomery st.
ATTENTION', Homeseekers.
We desire to call the attention of intending j
buyers of country lands to some bargains In in- ]
i come producing orchard, vineyard, grain and |
stock farms, many of which are bank foreclos-
: ures, that we have for sale. Mr. Bush having I
; had forty years* knowledge and experience of
, the value of lands and being the owner of an !
Income-producing orchard and vineyard, can In- '
telligently direct intending buyers to the best j
i lands and bargains in the State,
i DAVID BUSH & SON, 10 Montgomery st. ;
CHEAP little home In town, Alameda County;
extensive poultry houses and yards; house for
1000 pigeons; real estate, personal property,
all for $700. Call 508 California St., room 2.
$12.000— 6'4 ACRES land, Menlo Park, near de-
pot; good for wealthy gentleman.
■ $1000—12 acres splendid land in Benlcia, joln-
; ing the U. S. barracks; must be sold.
: f2000— 20 acres splendid land, all in aprl-
I cots 3 years old; $1000 net profit for owner i
I each season; Oroville, Tehama County.
$12,000—23 acres splendid land: grand view;
would be grandest place for wealthy family, j
: $11,000—260 acres land near town of Sonoma, ]
most of whtch Is vineyard; good building; j
j distillery, cooperage, etc. ',
HEALY & GILLESPIE,
j " 630 Market Et.. opp. Palace Hotel.
• NEAR Haywards, Alameda County; 18 acres I
nearly all in full bearing orchard; surround- '
! ings first class; sightly and b?autiful loca-
l tion; modern residence, etc.; this choice piece
j of property must be sold to close estate ln-
I terests: price $7000 for Immediate sale. H
H. CRANE. 508 California st.
FOR sale or exchange for city property, on ac-
count of leaving the valley, about 125 acres
of land In Pajaro Valley; mostly young apple
trees of choicest variety, Just beginning to
bear; buildings, tools, horses, wagons, etc; a
very fine invesement and sure crops every
year. Apply 40 California St., room 8.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
' Cctati. Sonoma Co. ; future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location >
best for poultry and general farming. Apply i
to The Cotatl Co., 302 California St.. for pam-
phlets and information. . t
$6000— FARM of 40 acres. 14 miles from, large
I town. Alameda County; all level land; 25
I acres In bearing vineyard of choice wine
grapes; good Improvements; this Is a cheap
Income borne property. H. H. CRANE. 508
California st.
$2500-IMPROVED foothill farm. 204 acres; El
I Dorado Co.. near R. R. Box 222, Call office.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluroa. Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
GREAT BARGAINS IN REAL ESTATE.
Fine Homes for Sale Very Cheap.
$1500— Buys a (-room cottage; lot 40x100.
$1500— Great bargain; 6 rooms and bath; fine
location; a snap.
$1800—7 rooms and bath; large lot.
$2500— Foreclosure; 8 rooms and bath; lot 35
xlDO. - - - ......
$2650— A great bargain; 6 rooms and bath;
must be sold.
$3250—8 rooms and bath; lot 40x207; windmill,
tank, etc.
$5500— Elegant corner lot; new modern home,
8 rooms and bath; best location in Alameda.
SEE OUR PROPERTY.
GREAT REDUCTIONS IN REALTY.
Now Is the time to purchase.
' Houses Built. Rented and Exchanged. ,";,■'
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
r ■ 1500 Park st., Alameda.
Office open Sundays and Evenings.
$2200— THE greatest bargain In a cottage home
of 6 large rooms; on one of . the principal
avenues; large lot and plenty of sun; very
easy terms; see It.
$2230— The finest lot In all Alameda; In the
best neighborhood ; fronts on the bathing beach
where you can enjoy, the finest marine view
and have your private bathing house and boat-
Ing; eee it and you will buy it.
J. . S. JOHNSON,
' 630 Market St., San Francisco.
FOR SALE— New cottage « rooms, ready to
move In. J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park st.
BARGAINS: improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; >i cash. Bank of Ala
THE SA1S FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1901
AtAMEDA ADYERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE^
$800— LOT 45x150; two-story house of 6 rooms;
j; one block from Park St.; $o50 can remain on
mortgage. ■ ' -
$1350— Large corner lot, 5SxlOO, with six-
room house; all street work done; great bar-
gain.
$1900— Lot 30x150, with a fine nearly new cot-
tage 5 rooms and bath; porch; reception hall;
neighborhood built up; $250 cash and $20 per
-month. - " '■
$2350— Lot 60x148. near station and school,
with cottage of % rooms and bath; sold on ac-
count of departure; at a bargain.
$2100— Lot 50x150, with two-story house of six
rooms and bath; bank foreclosure; good neigh-
borhood.
$2900— Lot 40x173, with elegant new cottage;
everything up to date, and complete; $500 cash
and $25 per month. • . '
$3300— Lot 40x175; new 2-story- houso of ■
rooms; great bargain. . ■ . ■.
7 acres land, all in bearing fruit; house »
rooms; 2 barns; new artesian well; electric cars
pass the door; will be sold under foreclosure;
great bargain: lose no time on this, it is a snap.
$6000— Lot 50x207:6; elegant house of 10 rooms
and bath, basement, attic, stable and barn; on
one of the main avenues; cost $11,000; must be
sold on account of departure.
Bargains in bank estates, properties, houses
to let, new houses built to suit on the install-
ment plan H. P. MOREAL & CO.,
1424 Park St., Alameda.^
FOR sale or exchange for Alameda property;
lot 25x117:6: east line Dolores, near Twenty-
thlrd. Address box 25S2. Call office.
BERKELEY ADYERTISEMENTS
nKRKKIiEY KKAIi KSTATEv^^
$1500— REDUCED from $2200; must be sold; 4
large rooms and bath; lot 85x130; windmill and
tank; $300 cash, balance $15 per month. W.
C. MORAN & CO.
$3700— Reduced from $4500; 1 acre of land; 6-
room house; large barn; chicken-houses; full-
bearing fruit trees; windmill and tank; best
part of Berkeley. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$4100— New 7-room house ; fine barn and 20
acres of, land; reduced from $7500 j .must sell;
only 2 miles from Berkeley. W. C. MORAN
& CO.
$500 to S4500— In the Wheeler tract; last week
before the raise: next week property will be
raised $20,000; buy before the raise; Mrs.
Hearst's and President Wheeler's property
adjoin this tract. W. C. MORAN & CO. .
$1500— 5-room cottage; $100 cash, balance $15
per month; bank loaned $1500 on this prop-
erty 2 bay windows; basement . done off; lot
40x100; 2 blocks to cars./W. C. MORAN & CO.
$2000— New 5 or 6 room cottages; lots 43x100;
2 blocks to train and electric cars ; porcelain
bath; tiled sink; tinted walls; gas fixtures;
fine mantel and sideboard. See some of the
new houses we are building all over town;
will furnish lot and build you a house to suit
you and sell on terms same as rent. .
W. C. MORAN & CO., Lorin station, and
Schmidt Block,
Berkeley.
$C30— LOT 40x135: ptreet wot,k done: situated on
Henrv- Et., between Vine and Rose, within
hair block of N. Berkeley station; a snap.
MAY & MORTIMER, Berkeley.
$650 TO J1050 for lots in the Byrne Tract, east
of railroad, 1 block of depot; electric cars
pars the tract MAY & MORTIMER. Berke-
ley.
$1250 AND upward for lots ' in the beautiful
Scenic Park Tract, just north of College
grounds; location of Mrs. Phebe Heart's new
California Home. MAY & MORTIMER,
Agents for Tract.
$7:0 AND upward for lots In the sightly
Wheeler Tract, which adjoins the Scenic
Tract; view simply grand; cars within few
minutes' walk; street work done; near to
college. MAY & MORTIMER, Regular
Agents, Berkeley. >
$650— Lot 40x119, on Shattuck ave.. within half
block N. Berkeley depot; street work all
done: a snap. MAY & MORTIMER, Berkeley.
$3200 — LOT SO feet wide; street work done; 6lt-
ute near Nob Hill, adjoining college grounds
on the north; a good Investment. MAY &
MORTIMER. Berkeley.
$1000— NEAT 4-room cottage: good neighborhood.
$1150 — Nice lot; paved streets; 5-room cot-
tage; 3 blocks of university.
J14Q0— Good 5-room houae; large lot; 3 blocks
of station.
?2200— 7-room house; nearly new; all street
work done; near station and university.
52400— N Ice new 6-room house; near station.
$2750 — 8-room house; nice condition; near
station; easy terms.
$4500— New modern 11-room bouse; 1 block
$4000 — New 8-room house; in choice location;
very easy terms.
$44500— New modern 11-room house; 1 block
of university.
$4500— New 14-room house; near university.
$5500— Substantial 15-room house; close to
university; quite moderate terms.
$6000 — Modern 11-room house; nice location;
lot 100x150. LTMAN ALLEN,
2129 Center st.
. 12 HOMES, ranging in prices from $2000 to
$3C00 on terms of from $o0 to $100 down, all
in the course of construction; all modern and
have from 6 rooms and bath up to 3 rooms and
bath; situated on the local Berkeley road,
giving the same service and time as the Oak-
land local from Seventh and Broadway to
San Francisco, Further Information apply
A. J. SNYDER,
467 Ninth St., Oakland, Cal.
Or Branch Office ■
A. J. SNYDER.
Adeline Station, Berkeley.
NO. 245— $4000; 7-room house; lot 225x145; fruit
trees; electric cars.Dass the door. '
No. 243— ?31C0; a new. 8-room house; lot 50x
125; wert front.
$ii>0 — Lot 50x123; south front: Scenic Park.
$850 — Lot 75x125; south front; Scenic Park.
S. S. QUACKENBUSH,
Opp. First National Bank, Berkeley.
$2250 — BRAND new, modern six-roomed cottage;
porcelain bath; stationary stand; large recep-
tion hall; house lighted by electricity; lot 37:6
1 xlOO ft.: street work all done; two blocks from
railroad station; one block from electric cars;
can be sold on easy terms; discount for cash.
E. J. STEWART & CO.,
Successors to Geo. W. Austin & Co.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$2250— A WELL-BUILT house of 6 rooms and
bath, neir the station, on sunny side of street;
a bargain.
$3300— New 2-story house of 9 rooms; thor-
oughly modern In every respect; near electric
railroad.
House of 6 rooms and bath, east of railroad,
between Dwight way and Berkeley stations.
Apply to JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate. Berke.
ley station.
$3000— A VERY pretty modern cottage of six
large rooms; large lot, with fine garden; only
four blocks from Berkeley main depot and
near the university; easy terms If desired; If
you are looking for a home this will suit
you. J. S. JOHNSON. 630 Market St.. San
Francisco.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE HEAL ESTATE. <
H. A. PLEITNER, Fruitvale Station Cal.
Great bargain— Good farm of 300 acres ad-
Joining syndicate lands, three miles from Oak-
land; $75 an acre, which is less than one-half
price of adjoining lands ; parties in interest
will sell as a whole or dispose of one-third
or one-half Interest to right party; two-thirds
of purchase price can be borrowed on the
land at 6 per cent interest; this is an excep- '
tlonal opportunity for a quick speculation.
$130— Lot 50x108; fine location
$275— Choice building lot, 80x132:6; $25 cash,
$10 monthly.
$650— $50 cash, $8 monthly; cozy cottage of 3
large rooms; hard finished; pantry, closets, etc.;
city water; only 2 blocks from electric cars.
$900 — $50 cash and $12 50 a month; cottage of 3
large rooms, 7-foot basement: good brick foun-
dation; chicken house; lot 75x100; all fenced;
fine location and a bargain.
$1400— Two-story house of 7 rooms and bath;
good brick foundation; stable; 3 chicken houses;
12 fruit trees; good well and pump; corner lot,
80x135; all fenced; this property must be sold
as owner Is called away. ■
$1450— Modern cottage of -6 rooms and bath;
high basement; barn; chicken house; fine well
windmill and tank; lot 50x125; near local train.
$1700— Chicken ranch" of 2'V acres; house of 4
rooms; stable; chicken house; fine location; only
one block from electric cars.
- $2200— Modern cottage of 5 rooms; large hall;
porcelain bath; marble washstand; stationary
tubs; rooms beautifully tinted and frescoed; 7-
foot basement; good brick foundation; chicken
house; lot 50x218; all fenced and cross-fenced;
In walking distance of local train: For par-
ticulars apply to H. A. PLEITNER, Fruitvale
station, Cal. . .
HULL & LEE, Fruitvale Station. *
$100 down, balance $12 50 monthly; 8 blocks
from electric cars; 3 large room cottage, high
basement, carriage-house, chicken and pigeon
yards and houses, plenty of fine fruit trees and
flowers: away from the fog and harsh winds;
fine place to raise chickens; a most desirable
home; large lot 75x103; price for all only $1000;
free carriage. ■ HULL & LEE, Fruitvale Sta.
$275— FINE chicken ranch, about 250 chickens,
ducks and pigeons, incubator, brooders, feed
cutter, chicken houses, fencing, 1 buggy and
' harness, . garden tools, etc.; one block from
car line; personal property for sale; house of
5 rooms; 2 acres of land: fine garden soil;
rent only $12 CO month. HULL & LEE.Frult-
i vale Station. ' - ■
LOT near electric road; must sell; make bid.
H. W. DAVIS, Fruitvale station.
FOR sale— 100x100; price $600, in Installments.
Address 1378 I4th ave., Oakland, . ■ ..-. 1
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, In wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
OAKLAND; ADYERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 ;••; 'BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE/
POINT RICHMOND LOTS.
NOW OR NEVER.
. If you want to make money.
• Point Richmond Lots. ■
- Point Richmond Lots.
Point Richmond Lots.
Pojnt Richmond Lots.
Point Richmond Lots. I
Last Offer of Lots In the
. Last Ofter of, Lots in the
Last Offer of Lots in the
RICHMOND TRACT.
RICHMOND TRACT.
RICHMOND TRACT.
RICHMOND TRACT.
RICHMOND TRACT.
. Adjoining the western terminus of the
great Santa Fe Railroad, with its car-shops,
roundhouses and warehouses, employing hun-
dreds of men. Fifty minutes to San Fran-
cisco; 30 minutes to Oakland; 2 railroads. -
175 Lots Bold in One Week.
175 Lots Sold in One Week. .
175 Lota Sold In One Week.
Only 69 Lots Remaining Unsold.
Only 69 Lots Remaining Unsold,
Only 69 Lots Remaining Unsold.
RICHMOND TRACT,
Which has Just been subdivided and placed
upon the market, adjoins the lands of the
SanLa Fe Railroad Company's property,
where the car-shops, warehouses, round-
houses, etc.,. are located. The Richmond
l ract is in the direct line of the improve-
ments now being made by the Standard Oil
Company, adjoins the postofflce, hotel, stores
and live minutes' walk to the Santa Fe Rail-
road station. The Richmond Tract is the
key to the situation of all the lines of Im-
provements.
The first offer of lots, in the Richmond
Tract will be sold at low prices and upon
easy terms, so -that any one who makes tn
investment in this property will be able to
double their money long before they have
their lots paid for.
t •-
Only two weeks on the market— over 175
lots sold. The cheapest and most convenient
property In this whole district.
The Standard Oil Company,
Erecting the third if not second largest oil
refinery In the world, capable of employing
from one to two thousand men, and' furnish-
ing cheap fuel which will make Richmond
the manufacturing center of California and I
affording employment to more men than any
other two combined manufacturing centers in
the State.
The Morgan Syndicate, and Others,
With their recent purchase of the MaraschI
property of over 500, acres, including Molate
Point, at a. great cost, combined with over
3 miles of water front, will accommodate the
LARGEST SHIPS THAT FLOAT IN THE
WORLD.
Where railroad and water will come together
and the trades of the Orient and the whole
European country' will have access to our
Western shore at this point, the extent of
which Is so great that it would be vain for
us to predict the immense volume of business
that will center into this section within the
next few years.
Remember,, purchaser, this Is only a com-
mencement of what will be done. If you do
not take Immediate advantage of this special
offer you will regret It. You yourself will
see month ' by month this property Increase
in value and it will then be that you will
say to yourself: "If I had only bought uiis
or two of these lots six months ago." We
say to you, buy now; do not wait. $25 cash
as first payment.
Balance Ten Dollars per Month.
Low Rate of Interest.
RICHMOND TRACT.
Is the most eligible tract In Richmond.
Is five minutes' walk from the Santa Fe
Station.
Is inside the town of Point Richmond; ad-
joins the DOstofnce.
Is within a few blocks of the roundhouses
and car-shops of the Santa Fe Railroad.
Has two applications for an electric road
running" through this property from Barrett
Station on the Southern Pacific to the East
Yard Station on the Santa Fe.
Is Intersected by three of the tnaln streets
of the town, Macdonald, Nevln and Rich-
mond avenues,, each of which is 60 ft. wide.
Adjoins the Santa Fe lands, where the rail-
road improvements are going on and where
property must enhance in value most rapld-
. ly. Soon their land will be covered with
workshops, warehouses, employing hundreds
of men. Now Is the time to buy; It is\ still
very cheap compared with property adjoining.
Nothing is more certain than that your • in-
vestment at the present prices is better than
any savings bank in the United States and
sure to bring you greater returns on the
amount Invested than any other property In
this section.
, Richmond will be a great manufacturing
as well as a great shipping center.
Richmond the Chicago of California.
Three things have made Chicago a great
city.
Its central location, its position at the i head
of navigation and Its railroad system.
Richmond enjoys these advantages already,
-and very soon it will enjoy the manufactur-
ing business of the coast. It will enjoy the
; deepest water vessels . that travel from the
Orient and European waters.
The Ban Francisoo Call In a recent editorial
says the' development of , Point • Richmond
"means that this city (San Francisco) will
■ transact its whole business along the whole
. eastern shore of . the bay, and that Its great-
est concentration ■ and best development will
be where ship and car can come together."
If space would permit dozens of these' edi-
torials could be produced from the leading
- papers of the State upon . the same , strain as
Just quoted. ' Remember, purchaser, we of-
fer you ■- Vms opportunity. • Will you avail
yourself of the same? <
tThe Richmond Tract only contains 234 iot\
out of which 175 have been sold during the
■ past 10 days. - Select ■■ your lot to-day and se-
cure one of the best locations. - -
How to Reach the Prop«rty.
Take Southern Paclflo train foot of Market
■ '■■■. f ■:■
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. ;
street, 7 and 9:30 a. m.,' for Barrett Station;
33c. 'Returning leave Barrett 10:20 a. m. and
6:30 p. m. Via Santa Fe,. leave S. F. 7:20 for
East Yard. Returning leave East Yard 11:30
a. m. and 4:52 p. m.
Only. 10 minutes' walk from either station.
' Representative on the Richmond Tract the
following days: Sunday, Tuesday, Thursday
and Saturday. >
For full particulars, maps, catalogues, etc.,
apply to
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE COMPANY,
460-462 Eighth Street. Oakland, Cal.
• (32 Market street, room 10, San Francisco.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
' - SPECIAL BARGAINS.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
DETERMINED EFFORTS -TO SELL.
DETERMINED EFFORTS TO SELL.
DETERMINED EFFORTS TO SELL.
DETERMINED EFFORTS TO SELL.
DETERMINED EFFORTS TO SELL.
READ THIS.
$18,500— Business corner; Just the location for
a bank; choicest location in Berkeley. Blnce we
secured our contract a 140,000 business block
going up; the new Postofflce has leased adjoin-
ing premises for 10 years; present Income $..00
per annum; no leases; believe we can get $1300
per annum.
A Genuine Investment.
"Thanks for Your Contract."
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460 and 462 Eighth St., Oakland.
AN ELHGANT HOME. •
MUST BE SOLD (READ THIS).
Near Senator Perkins' mansion, Vernon
Heights. We offer lovely modern Gothic style,
built for a home; 9 rooms; porcelain bath; elec-
tric appliances; fine mantels (one cost $250);
interior superb order; barn; choice garden;
large double frontage lot; present price in-
cludes $S0O worth fine new 5-months-old carpets
(would sell at a bargain elegant Flemish carved
oak dining-room set. value $1000); property
mortgaged, *50<X> can remain; cost over 310,009;
reduced to $7250; we possibly can get further
reduction to close sale this' week.
Forcing sale— First come, first served. Our
instructions are. to sell.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460 and 462 Eighth St.. Oakland.
A SPLENDID OPPORTUNITY.
SPECIAL SNAP; ON SMALL PAYMENT.
A contractor has two ideal new 8-room homes,
with flat loans of $3000 and $3500 on each; to
save paying interest and rather than rent, and
to get his working capital out, has authorized
us to obtain immediate offer over present loans.
We have sold 3 to prominent Oakland merchants
and a lawyer, who have a quick knowledge of
their value; located close in: superb neighbor-
hood; 500 feet of several $25,000 homes; no
choicer home neighborhood; stop paying rent;
if you have not much money, see us; we will
arrange balance; don't delay; call at once,
while seller Is anxious to sell. We Btrlve to
offer good values.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
460 and 462 Eighth St.. Oakland.
J22.O0O-PALATIAL MANSION.
"Beautiful for situation," possessing advan-
tages of near remoteness and accessible seclu-
sion; only one year constructed; a rare home
offering.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
4G0 and 462 Eighth St.. Oakland.
DETERMINED EFFORTS TO SELT*
DETERMINED EFFORTS TO SELL.
DETERMINED EFFORTS TO SELL.
DETERMINED EFFORTS TO SELL.
DETERMINED EFFORTS TO SELL. .
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
SPECIAL BARGAINS. ,
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
$8000— VERY fine home on 18th St., between
Market and Adeline; large NW corner: lot
120x130, with "L" house of nine large rooms;
all very modern: basement; beautiful
grounds. WOODWARD, WATSON & CO., 903
Broadway.
M5,C0O— FRUITVALE home; two acres; highly
Improved; large modern house of 9 rooms; all
hardwood floors; everything the very best;
beautiful grounds; barn and all necessary
outbuildings; fronts Fruitvale ave.; part ex-
change might be entertained. WOODWARD,
WATSON & CO., 903 Broadway.
$1CO,COO— The finest suburban home in Alameda
County; has cost owner over $250,000; has 140
acres in all; 40 acres fruit, balance grain: an
J elegant house with every modern lmprove-
*ment; barns, .stables, outbuildings, poultry
houses, etc; near San Leandro; full particu-
lars on application. WOODWARD. WAT-
SON & CO., 903 Broadway, Oakland.
WEBSTER STREET.
Corner of 24th; 65x100; finest lot In Oakland
for the money for residence or flats; only
$39 per foot; would sell In two lots. WOOD-
WARD, WATSON & CO., 903 Broadway.
VALDEZ STREET.
Corner 24th; 32x100; beautifully elevated: east
front: only $1400. WOODWARD, WATSON &
CO., 303 Broadway. I
TELEGRAPH AVE.
In Berkeley; 106 feet front: only $1700.
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO., 903 Broad-
way. -
$3750 — ON west side of Union st., near Four-
teenth; have Just completed one of Oakland's
prettiest homes; location none better; see it
and you will buy it. " '
A. J. SNYDER,
467 Ninth St., Oakland. Cal.
WILL offer a corner on which you can erect
flats which will return 1% per cent per month
on money invested.
A. J. SNYDER.
467 Ninth St., Oakland, Cal.
$2000 — NEW 6-room cottage, ' modern and con-
venient; lot 50x100; street sewered, macadam-
ized and side walked; two minutes' walk from
car line. For terms apply
A. J. SNYDER.
467 Ninth St., Oakland, Cal.
NEW 2-story house, eame vicinity; convenient
and pretty; see this property at once.
• At reasonable prices — Homes, lots, business
property for sale In all parts of Oakland and
vicinity. A. J. SNYDER,
467 Ninth St., Oakland, Cal.
100 ACRES near Nlles, $3000; good house; bcar-
' ing orchard; unincumbered: will rent, sell
or exchange for city Improved. ■'.
616 acres, .7 miles from Oakland: $28 an acre.
WYMAN LAND CO.. 1137 E Fourteenth St..
near Twenty-third ave., Oakland; phone 123.
FOR rent— Confectionery, bakery and restau-
rant; good location; also two vacant stores;
good opening for grocery or any kind of busi-
ness; three neat cottages; 3 rooms, closets,
etc.; one block from local; $7. WYMAN
LAND CO., 1137 E Fourteenth St., near
Twenty-third ave., Oakland; Phone Brook 123.
300 ACRES; three miles from Oakland; $7C an
acre; two- thirds ' of purchase price can be
borrowed on the land at- 6 per cent interest.
GILBERT WYMAN, Attorney at Law, office
and residence Twenty-seventh ave. and East
Sixteenth St., Fruitvale. Cal.; phone Brook 123.
GRAY'S BARGAINS. ~~ "
$2250 ;for an elegant lot on Lake street;
snap.
Elegant new colonial house of 9 rooms,
laundry and bath; furnace; electric lighting-,
combination fixtures; beam ceiling in din-
ing-room; elegant - location on Nob . Hill of
East Oakland; 200 feet from car line: lot
60x150. :;J
$6500 for a fine new house of 9 rooms, laun-
dry and bath; plate glass windows; very lat-
est plumbing; furnace; beam celling dining-
room; large basement, etc.; large lot; terms
can' be arranged to suit; situated on Adams
Point, one block from electric car line. -
GEO. B. M. GRAY,
ya-y 454 Ninth street.
14800— ELEGANT home, 8 rooms; all modern;
porcelain bath and stationary stands; house
nearly. new, in fine location; handy to local
trains and close to business center: this also
includes a 4-room cottage; owner going away
and is anxious to sell. ■• E. J. STEWART &
CO., 1008 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$300 CASH; $7 CO monthly— New modern cottage
of 4 large rooms; high basement; Immense
• shade trees; shrubbery; grand soil; well shel-
tered rook:: 28 houses gone up In 4 months-
near church chapel, and -school; electric cars
near by; 4 main, roads; a place where one
can more than make a living In the chicken
business If -they wish; adjoining East Oak-
land; no fogs nor raw winds; lot 162:6x100;
more land adjoining;, for price in all $1325.
Call or send for circular, 455 Seventh St., -op-
. poslte Broadway station, Oakland: carriage
free. ; H. Z. JONES, . owner. •; . ■■ s
HOUSES of every, description and price for
■*>• ° p rent Apply to ,W. E. BARNARD,
1118 Broadway; telephone Main 10. ■< -.-.■ :.v_<
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call,
18 pages, In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
OAKLAND ADYERTISEMENTS.
OAKLA NDMRB AJJjBSTATE.;
E. J. STEWART & CO..
Successors to Geo. W. Austin & Co.,
1008 Broadway. Oakland. .
$2500— Rents $360 per annum and can be in-
creased; store with living rooms: upper flat of
5 rooms and bath; rear six-room cottage; al-
ways rented; large lot; good .location for any
business: all In good order; electric cars In
front; only one block from local trains; in the
very best renting and Investment part of Oak-
land; street work all done; handy to »c hoo «
and churches. This is a real snap and must
be seen to be appreciated. Mortgage of $1»00
can remain or be paid off. or can be Increased.
Call or write at once.
$2500-$3M down and $25 per month. Whc-
would pay rent while these terms will buy a
brand new cozy Dutch Colonial cottage of 5
rooms with porcelain bath and sink, open :
plumbing; ornamental brick mantel and an-
tique fireplace: large veranda; every rcom
sunny; nice open sloping lawn with stone
walks; street work all done: house all nicely
tinted; gas and electric fixtures; forty-foot lot.
choice neighborhood; close to schools ana
churches and handy to Telegraph avenue. To
see It is to like it and want it.
$3250— Brand new two-story house of six
rooms and bath; fine large basement; lot 40xLO
feet, street work complete: sunny side or
street: situate In Linda Vista Terrace, one
block from electric cars; terms $500 cash, bal-
ance on easy terms.
$2750— Two cottages of 4 and 5 rooms: good
brick foundation; within easy walking distance
of center of town; bringing In $27 per month;
good location; lot 65xlS0 feet: large barn r must
be sold right away: reduced from $3500. ■
E. J. STEWART & CO..
Successors to Geo. W. Austin & Co..
1003 Broadway. Oakland.
THE best bargain yet offered In Oakland; a
nice cottage of 5 rooms and bath; large lot;
within 14 blocks of City Hall: good location:
$1250 for one iweek only; easy terms.
E. E. BUNCE.
952 Broadway.
S. M. DODGE A EON,
11(0 Broadway, Oakland.
$3250— Something extra nice In the way of
a modern up-to-date, brand new home In Oak-
land out toward Berkeley; lot 60x125; 7 rooms
and bath. .Call and let us show you this.
OAKLAXD COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY lower flat. 8 large rooms; electric ser-
vice throughout; 2 coal and 1 gas grate; larga
corner lot: lawn: fruit and shade trees and
flowers; lot elevated: choice locality: will rent
low to satisfactory permanent tenant; Elghtn
ave. electric cars, corner Washington and
Eighth sts.. come within 1 block. Call or
address 1659 Ninth ave.. East Oakland.
HOUSES TO LET.
$16— 6-ROOM cottage; near train; desirable.
$10 — 5-room cottage: bath; stable.
fii — 8-room house; near train.
135— 7-room fiat: central; elegant.
$43— S-room house, furnished; central.
E. J. STEWART & CO.,
Successors to Geo. W. Austin & Co.,
. 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND la'UMTVRE I- OR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
OAKLAXD HOUSES WAXTEP. .
ABOUT 8 rooms, furnished, near car line; Ver-
non Heights. Address box 2265. Call. Oakland.
HEAL ESTATE TO EXCHAXGE.
$SO0O— GRAIN ranch in Yolo County, only 5
miles from depot; 320 acres level land, all un-
der cultivation; good 6-room house, barn and
outbuildings; large- living spring; also good
well; plenty of timber; fine roads; good neigh,
bors; beautifully situated; will exchange for
Oakland Berkeley, Alameda or San Fran-
cisco property. WOODWARD. WATSON &
CO.. 903 Broadway. Oakland.
KOOJ1S FOU HOUSliKKEl'JSU.
AUSTIN ave.. 102. off Polk— 3 nice housekeep-
ing rooms and bath.
BUSH, 1007 (The Holland)— Just opened ; few
sunny housekeeping apartments: fur'd or un-
- fur'd: front suites, $30 up; electric lights,
baths, gas ranges and grates; phone East 667.
BUCHANAN, 604— Sunny front bay-window rm..
with kitchen, $15; singe and double bedroom.
FIFTH, 353— Two sunny rooms and kitchen. $20;
also 3 connecting, $12; also single, $4 up.
GEARY, 1219A— Large sunny room; suit lady;
private family; very reasonable.
HAYES, 526 — 4 sunny, large, newly furnished;
gas; bath; phone; no children.
HOWARD, 1831— Large ■ sunny parlor, bedroom
and large kitchen, furnished complete; pri-
vate family; references; no children. Call be-
tween 11 a. m. and 4 p. m.
LARKIN. , 819V& — Large sunny housekeeping
room, gas stove, bath and phone, $12 a mo.
LARKIN, 81914— Sunny front alcove rooms,
light housekpg; gas stove; bath; phone; $18 SO.
LEAVENWORTH^ 517—2 or 3 unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping.
MARTHA place, 3, off Geary, near Mason — 2
sunny furnished housekeeping rooms; gas
range, bath and sunny back yard; rent only
$9 a month.
MASON. 514— Nicely furnished rooms; also
housekeeping.
MCALLISTER, 536— Sunny furnished suite;
sink; gas ranee; bath; laundry; $U.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 1738— Two sunny side rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; coal range; bath; pri-
vate; $10. •
OAK, 119—2 sunny large parlors; furnished;
heavy housekeeping; gas; 2 beds; $16.
OAK, 125—2 nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms, $10. - \
PINE, 1300, cor. Hyde — Sunny front corner
room; running water; light housekeeping; $10.
SACRAMENTO, 1514— Two sunny rooms, nice-
ly furnished; private residence; light hskpg.
TWELFTH, 12. near Market— 1 or 2 furnished
rooms for housekeeping; rent $8.
TWO and S room suits, nicely furnished for
hskpg. 592 O'Farrell and 506 Leavenworth.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencir. st. '.'.Vl
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
ROOMS TO LET — fnrn. and Untnrn.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New. eleganti
sunny; grill attached; 75c day upward; rates
by week or month; McAllister cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSeT" 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and'
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
A— BEAUTIFUL rooms In Bowhay building,
en second floor, 508 Sutter St.; suitable for
millinery.
BIRCH ave., 527%, bet. Octavia Bnd Laguna—
A- large front room; suitable for a gentleman
or a lady who works out; furnished, $8; un-
furnished $6; home comforts; phone; also one
unfurnished, $5.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms.,. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 727— Furnished room for gentleman: gas*
bath. . '
BUSH, 1084— For gentlemen; sunny, beautifully
furnished front suite and smaller rooms;
bachelors' 1 residence.
CAPP, 909V4— Pleasant sunny furnished room;
use of bath; for 1 or 2; private family.
CLEMENTINA, 434%,. bet. 5th and 6th— Fur-
nlshed room In private • family, $3 month.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 303, corner Jone*— Two large front bay-
window sunny rooms; phone.
ELLIS, 310— Fine newly furnished front par-
lor: sunny; reasonable.
FOLSOM St., corner Ninth— Large sunny bay-
window room, $9; adults.
FOURTEENTH, wii corner Market— Unfur-
nished front parlor In new flat; bay-window.
FRANCISCO HOTEL-Elegant suites; single-
transient; baths. Mrs. King. Turk & Taylor!
GEARY. 405. The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
HAIGHT. 461— Furnished room with or with"
out board; suitable for <>ne or two gentlemen'
terms reasonable. '
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan) 24 Turk
St.. near Market— Central location; n*w build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class-
BOc per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in the. city; references-
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st •
HOTEL FLORENCE, 102 Ellis st.-Sunny out*
side rooms; single, $2 60; suites $4 50 per
week; newly renovated: elevator; baths.
HOWARD, 728— Large room; good for house-
keeping; $12: also single front room. $7 month.
HOWARD. 761%-Ntcely furnished sunny bay".
wlndow room; others; reasonable. ; '
HYDE. 841. nr. Sutter-2 handsomely furnished
J^»rn e r-, tOlIet ' hOt and «" d
JONES. 614. near Post-Parlor floor of three
rooms, suitable for doctor or dentist, or will
•IfSL tor houaefceepln* ; also sunny frftnt alcove
with kitchen, reasonable; single room, $}. .
ROOMSTO^LET-— Fnra. and Pafnrn.^
■vr *T?TTF"r 18'4 (The Pearl) — Nicely furnished '
sim^front rooms with gas. grate, telephone;
"ro other rooms; terms very reasonable.
MCALLISTER. 3S— Neatly furnished room; gas;
bath; phone Folsom 975; private.
MCALLISTER, 515— Nice sunny room; hot and
cold water: bath: gas: phene: use kitchen.
MINNA 28— Sunny furnished rooms, single and
double! 75c and $1 peT week.
MINNA. 434— Single sunny furnished fronuhall
room. $4.
MONTGOMERY ave.. 16. top floor— New turn.
rooms^ central; reasble; near Hall of Justice.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely fn>
nlshed rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL 20— Sunny furnished rooms an*
offices: elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
POLK. 622— Unfurnished • front room to desir-
able 'party; no housekeeping.
ROYAL HOUSE, 123 Ellis-Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles par.
lor; rocms. per night. 35c to $1 SO; week. $2 to
$S- month $3 to $20: elevator on ground
floor: room'3 with hot and cold water; batha.
SHERMAN Apartment House. Vt Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
STOCKTON" 322— A sunny suite and singles.
neat and clean; bath, phone: prices low.
: SUTTER 2"0?4 (The Stanford)— Suites from S3
! to $7: singles. $2 to $5 per week; transient.
TENTH. 153— Large double room with fireplace-
and closet; bath. -Jk
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions'
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109« Va-
lencla st.
, HOC»MSAXTDJBOAIID.
HOTEL Dennlston, cor. Valencia and 21st sts~
In the "Warm Belt": free from prevailing
fogs; choice sunny suits; first class.
THE Irvlngdale, «2« Eddy— Suite suitable for
three gentlemen with board, $60; single rooms
with board, $23 SO np; excellent table.
THE Pierpont, 413 Ellis— Everything newt most
elegantly furnished apartments; first-class
dining-room. __^___^__^___
ROOM and board for 2 ta alegmnt furnished
home; sunshine; billiard, room, and telephone.
25 Baker st.
ROOM and board for a few gentleman In Saa
Mateo; home cooking. Address Mrs. H, box
46. San Mateo. ______^_______
HOTEL Repelier. 781 Sutter— Newly rurnlahedl
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
HOTEL Nlara. 615 Taylor— Nicely fur. rms.|
running water; excellent board; reasonable.
ELEGANTLY furnished sunny rooms with
board. 316 Eddy st.
PINE, 79S— Large parlor suite; aUo slag!*
rooms; excellent board; very moderate.
PRIVATE rooms and board: newly furnisiied:
at very low rates. S27 Mission st.
VAN NESS. 513— Handsome furnished parlors;
all conveniences: other suites; table board.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select!
family hotel: exceptional table: popular rates. J
RUPTUItE SANITARIUM.
RUPTURE cured at HUNTER'S BANITA-
RIXJM, 1206 Market st: treatment free; only
Invention In the -world that will not torture.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE— Abandoned children In Roman Cath-
olic Orphan Asylum, since July. 1900: Emma
Breig. age 12 years: Carrie Breig. age 3 years;
Ellzth Winthrop, a~j 10 years; Grace Wln-
throp. age 9 years.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5530.
SEWI.VO MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing: lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, eold. rented, exchange; re-
pairing: lowest rates: phone Mint 45, 145 6th.
WANTED— TO BUY.
ROOMING-HOUSE, 20 to 20 rooms; or to rent-
large unfurnished flat. M. S. Blount. 119 Jones.
DIVIDEND XOTICES.
' OFFICE of the Contra Costa Water Company,
room 16, second floor. Mills building — San
Francisco, December 3. 1901 — Dividend No. 195,
of 42 cents per share on the capital stock of
the Contra Costa Water Company, will b«
payable at the office of said company, room
18, second floor. Mills building, on December
15, 1901; transfer books will close on Decem-
ber 9, 1901. at 3 p. m. EDWARD McGARY,
Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con. — A dividend. No. ,36, of seventy-
flve cents (75c) per share on the Issued capN
tal stock of the company has been declared
payable at the office of the company, 433
California st., San Francisco, on Decembef
10. 1901. Transfer books close December
3. 1901. at noon. A. A. SPARK3. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
"BUSINESS Men's Legal Bureau." consulta-
tion free; in bankruptcy and divorce proceed-
ings parties not required to go Into court.
Room <11. Examiner bldg. : phone Black 8604.
PROPOSALS.
BIDS Wanted— Notice Is hereby glvea that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home ot Cali-
fornia, at Its office, room 13, 320 Sansome St..
San Francisco. Cal.. up to 10:30 o'clock a. m.,
SATURDAY, December 21. 1901. and opened
- immediately thereafter In the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home. Napa County, Cal. (railroad sta-
tion Yountville), for six months ifw^Mirtm
January 1. 1902. and ending Juno 80. 1S01.
Schedules -with information and Instructions
for - submitting- bids will bo furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders wilt
carefully follow the conditions of the sched>
ules. and no bid will be considered unless It la
In accordance with such schedules. Each bid-
der must accompany his bid with, a certified
check upon some well-known and responsible
banking-house for at least 10 per cent of thm.
amount of his bid. payable to C Masoo>
Klnne, treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
.will enter Into a good and valid contract upoa
notice of acceptance as required by Uw. The
board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids and to order any quantity over or under
the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary Bear*
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Call*
fornta, room 13. 320 Sansome at. Saa Fra.iv.
Cisco. Cal. Ey order of the Board of Dtrect-
ors. J. J. SCOVrLLIX Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES*
The following marriage licenses ■were Issued
yesterday:
Charles Legrand. 14, 1037 Clay street. «M
Therese Louhoo, 22. 1027 Clay street.
John H. Dunker. 23, Cordelia, »"<* Lulu S3.
Herbison, 19, Cordelia.
Georgo J. Reynor. 21. 1122% Elm avenue, and
Ella Palmer, 21. 2027 Fifteenth street.
Benjamin F. Cheathazn. 34, Nashville. Tean..
and Mary W. Denman. 22, city.
William L. Smy the. 23, 208 Powell street. H
Mabel L. Wharton. 18. Oakland.
Fred Clark. 43. Falrfleld, and Eva J. KtrU
tins, 22, Vallejo. • •
Peter E. Tanner. 27, 32 East street, and Han-
nah J. Twomey, 22, 782 Folsom street.
George W. Stevenson. 23. 1809 Stockton street,
and Ethel J. Graves. 21, 1326 Stockton street.
D. Frank Carlton. 26. 521 Paclflo street, and
Lillian Hansen, 22. 651 Broadway.
Edward Owens. 23, Selby, and Kate 8.
Hughes. 23, Butternut. Minn.
Eugene A. Carter. 33, Baltimore. Md.. and
Ruth Markey. 28. city.
Pletro Balestrere, 24, 671 Chestnut street, and
Rosa Tradella, 17, 503 Union street.
Jean L. Prat. 21. 614 Broadway, and Made-
leine Mirandette, 23, 10S8 Paclflc street.
Jean P. Mlnjoulet. 38, 2K2 Shipley street, and
Catharine Bonnamaiou. 23. 415 Clementina st.
Vincent J. Kuslch. 23, 253 Natoma street, and
Vlncentla J. C. Sarich. Si. 2^8 Natoma street.
BIRTHS— MARBU6ES— DEATHS '
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and bo
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN".
ANDERSON— In this city, December 1. 1801. ta
the wife of John G. Anderson.' twin sons.
COHN— In Folsom. Cal., December 3. 1901. to
the wife of. P. C. Cohn. twin sons. '
EBERT— In this city. December 3, 190L to the
wife of William Ebert. a daughter.
HEALT— In this city, November SO. 1301. to the
wife of William F. Healy. a daughter.
LYONS — In this city, December 5. 1301. to the
wife of Maurice A. Lvons, a daughter.
MARKS— In this city, November 23. 1301, to
the wife of P. L. Marks, a ipn.
NORMAN— In Llvermore. Cal.. December 5.
1901. to the wife of R. E. Norman, a son.
O" SULLIVAN— In this city. December 5 1901.
to the wife of Michael CSulllvan. a son.
PARKHURST— In this city. November 10 1901
to the wife of F. A. Parkhurst. a daughter
SIIEPSTON-In this city, December 3. 130L to
the wife of Robert SI Shepston. a son.
VOLPIN— In this city. November 23. ljor ta
the wife of A. VolDln. a son.
WIESER— In this city, December 1. 1301. U 1
the wife of J. H. Wleser. a daughter.
MARRIED^ — —
GR S^ OO i D^ S ¥F H^r In Sacramento. No-
Aii?S%m/th^ w-i$ hn , T o Gr^n™x>d and Mrs.
Alice Smith, both of San Francisco
HEMPLKR— Mc"WILLIAMa-Ia till alty, X*t< ember 3 MCL by the Rev. Paul Branke.
Charles Hempler end Julia McWilllams, botli
of fcan Francisco.
HOSKO-LVNDBLADE-In this city. Novem-
ber -<. 1S>.1. nt St. Paul's EDiscopal Church
by the Rev. W. M. Kellly. William D HoS
Jr. and Kate Lundblade. both of San Fran-
cisco.
1 '^, TT r F<^ L F- in this cii y- November 30.
l.«CL by the Rev. F. \V. dampen. Charles
Clark Pratt and Ada Lotta Focle. both of
ban Francisco.
SCHMITZ-VOLLHRS-In San Mateo Cal
November Z7. l&ol. by the Rev. \V. D. Kidd"
.loppph fcchmitr or «an Francisco and C E
\ ohers of San Mateo County.
tTKVKNSON-GnAVliS-December 7. 1301. bv
S £S£ , R t S Koute ' Georee W. Stevenson
and Lthel J. Gravos. both of San Francisco
SX -V., I 1 KT r KI l IB 4 LL - ln thls olt >- December 4.
,1«1 by the R#v. Father Lyons. J. Lionei
etoooi mi!v KimbaU. both or San Fran-
DIED. ~
Avery. Edith M. M. Hannan. Patrick E
B ack. Annie E. Johnson. Mrs. Emily
Black. Peter It. McClUBney, Nellie li
Hrennan. Marietta Murphy, br it w
Uurr. Jamca P. Packer. Carrie
i-arleton. George H. Plise. Albert E
Chapman, Dr. Wm. Ramsey. Neals"
cosgrove. Mary Salisbury. A. G
Deacon, trances Schroder. Joseph H.
Uierks. Henry Serpa. Hazel L
Donovan. Annie SUchel. Charles Jr.
IJunlap. Albert Straub. Medard
Dutctaer. John M. Von Arx. Marie
EBKltah. Daniel Warrlngton, Samuel
>V arren. Andrew J. Whltelaw. Marv A
M-e ta*. Gur.herme Wilder. Georse^wT
" ?, o^, in .^:« Aaron B. Wilson. Ezekiel
Halbritter. Oaa V. Wood. Edward L.
1 " ? !ty ' Dec err-**r 7. 1901, Edith
Mai Ian MJHer Avery. a native or Grinnell.
Iowa. a»red 32 years S months and 1 day.
L H AC i K 7 ln - thl8 City> December 6. 1901, Annie '
L., beloved wife of the late Asa J. Black,
mother of Asa J. and William Black, ami
cister of John and William Heta. a native of
S££ a^ <fa^ Zerland ' aECj 51 JearS a
li~yi riends and acquaintances are respect-
lully invited to attend the runeral to-day
(bunfiay). at 2 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of Theo. Dierk*. 957 Mission etreet.
between Fifth and Sixth, and thence to Odd
I-ellows' Cemetery for cremation.
B fe AC .£— } a thls city - December 4. 1901. Peter
R. Clack, beloved brother of the late Wil-
liam and Joseph Black, and beloved uncle of
Mrs. Dr. Luck of Sacramento. Hattie Black
of Beikeley and Mrs. I. G. Morey and the
late Charles Black, a native of Pennsylvania.
aged 79 years 6 months and 26 days. A
member cf Manzanita Tribe No. 4. I. O.
R. 2*1,
GT Friends and acquaintances and members
cf Manzanita Tribe No. 4. I. O. R. M.. ar*
rtspectrully invited to attend the funeral to-
day (Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from Red
Men's Hall, 320 Pcet street, where funeral
cervices win be held under the ausrjlces of
ManxEnlta Tribe No. 4, L O. R. M. Re-
rnaln* at the parlors of the Gantner & Guntz
Undertaking Company. 1209 Mission street,
between Eighth and Ninth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cerneterj-.
BRENNAN— In this city. December 6. 190L
Margretta, beloved wife of John Clark Bren-
nan. end dearly beloved and deeply mourned
mother of Joseph and Nicholas Brennan.
Mrs. Caddy M. Heuer and Mrs. Helen Freese.
inyThe funeral will take place to-day
1 'Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, rrom her late resi-
1* dence. 2622 Gouch street, thence to St.
> Brt£id'« Church icr services. Interment pri-
vate, Holy Crocs Cemetery.
BURR— In this city, December 7, 1901. James
Pesflcld Burr, a native of Connecticut, aged
76 years.
CARLETON— In Oakland. December S, 1D01
George H.. beloved husband of Henrietta
Carleion, sen cf Mrs. Eames Carleton. and
brother of Charles Carleton. a native ot Bel-
fast. Me., aged 5S years 5 months and 17
days.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Sunday), at 2:S0 o'clock, from the Fir»r
Congregational Church, corner Twelfth and
Clay streets. Oakland. Services under the
«U£r-ees of Live Oak Lodge No. 61. F. and A.
M. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
CHAPMAN— In this city. December 4. 190L Dr.
William Lan? ChaDican, father of Margery
Chapnnan. a native of New York, aged 4!
years and 3 months.
E^yThe funeral will take place to-day
'Sundav), at 2 o'clock, from the hall of San
Francisco Lodge No. J, B. P. O. Elks. 223
gutter street. Please omit flowers.
COSGKOVE— An anniversary solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
or the soul of Mary Coegrove. beloved wife
of T. H. Ccsgrove, at 9 o'clock Monday at
i-t. Francis Church, corner Vallejo street and
Montgomery avenue. Friends and acquaint-
ances are respectfully invited to attend.
DEACON— In this city, December 6, 1901. Fran-
ces, eldest daughter of William and the late
Helen M. Deacon, a native of New York.
C7 The funeral services will take place to-
day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at her late resi-
dence. 3C25 Twentieth street, between Mission
r.nd Valencia. Interment private. Please
omit Cowers.
niERKS— In this city. December 6, 1301. Henry
Uierks. beloved brother of Mrs. George Reese,
rnd uncle of Mrs. Robert Boyd. a native
of Hanover. Germany, aged 75 years.
CTFur.eral to-morrow (.Monday), at 10
o'clock, frcfti the funeral parlors of Theodor
Dicrks, 937 Mission Etreet, between Fifth and
Sixth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
DONOVAN— In this city, December 5, 1901.
Annie beloved wife of Jeremiah Donovan.
of Daniel and William Donovan, and
sister of John end Bartholomew Dinneen of
San Francisco and Patrick Dinneen of Colo-
rado, a native of Garendruige, County Cork,
Ireland, ared 47 years.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sundev), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1524 Bryant street, thence to the
Chuich of St. Charles Borromeo, where ser-
vices will be held at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
DUNLAP— In this city, December 7. 190L Al-
bert Dunlap. a native of Maine, aged 74
years.
DUTCHER— In Alanieda. December 6. 1901.
John Mllo. beloved husband of Louise Wood
Dutcber. and father of Mrs. J. B. Horton, a
native of New York, aged 65 years 11 months
and 22 daj-s.
JCyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
fEundav), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence,
1113 Peru street. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery.
ENGLISH— In this city, December I, 1901, Dan-
iel, beloved husband of the late Mary Eng-
lish, brother of Mrs. S. Meyers and Jane
English, and uncle cf Charles E. Meyers, a
native of New York City, aged 46 years 3
months and 21 days.
FARREN— In this city, December 6, 190L at
his residence, 600 Harrison etreet, Andrew J.
Farren. dearly beloved son of Margaret A.
and th* late John W. Farren. a native of
San Francisco.
ETThe funeral will take place to-morrow
'Monday), at 10 o'clock, from St. Brendan's
. Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his souL Inter-
ment private.
FREITAS— On Santa Margarita Ranch, near
8an Rafael, December 6, 190L Gullherme T..
oearly beloved son of M. T. and Maria
Freitas, aged 1 month and 13 days.
ETThe funeral will take place to-day
( Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the residence.
Santa ilarearita Ranch. Interment Catholic
Cemetery-
GOSLINER— In this c!ty, December 6. 1901.
Aaron £. Gosliner, dearly beloved husband of
Jennie Gosliner, and father of Mrs. H. Tol-
chard and Tlllie Gosliner, a native of Roga-
scn. Germany, aged 45 years 2 months ana
13 days.
C3Trien<Is and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1223 Bush street, between Hyde and
Larkln, and thence by 11:30 o'clock train to
New Salem Cemetery for Interment.
OFFICERS and members of the Journeymen
Butchers' Lodge No. 1— You are hereby noti-
fied to attend the funeral of Brother Sam
Gosliner to-day (Sunday), at 10 o'clock,
from his late residence. 1233 Bush etreet. By
order of FRANK KRAUER. President.
fBEN DAVIS, Rec. Sec.
HALBRITTER— In this city, December 3. 1901,
Ona V. Halbritter. a native of West Vir-
ginia, aged 28 years and 10 months.
ry-Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of Theodor Dierks, 917 Mission
street, between Fifth and Sixth.
HANNAN— In this city. December 6, 1901, Pat-
Yick E.. beloved husband of Mary Hannan.
and fatber of Edmond, James and Richard
Hannan, a native of County Galway. Ire-
land, aged 67 years. (Virginia City papers
pi caw copy.)
CTFrlendE and acquaintances are respect-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
<£uccessor to Flannaean & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FITVERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth et.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
Alt. Olivet Cemetery,
Ean Hateo County.
CFFIC2 WIG MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON. Manager.
JAMBS McGINN,
Formerly with McGinn Bros, has opened
new Funeral Parlors at «4 Eddy rt.. bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 5.6.
UNITED UNDromklERsJ
I 27 ZJZ is Fifth St. TeLSouth 107 t
I FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS. |
Fine*. tquipmentatModcrateK»te*-J
Eugene McGinn. McGLNN BROS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
31 EDDY STREET.
Telephone South ZS2. » &m Francisco.
, No Connection With Any Other House.
NEW FIRM OF UMDSitTAKiiRii.
Samuel McFadden. 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McBrearty, with the eame company for IS
years- P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.. have opened new Funeral Par-
lor» at 1171 Mission etreet. between Seventh
and Eichth. Telephone South 44.
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 9:15 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 23V4 Perry street, thence to St. Rose's
thurch for services. Interment Holy Crosa
Cemetery.
JOHN-SON— In this city. December 7. 1901. Mrs.
i-^miiy j. Johnson, a native of Maine.
MeCHESNEY— la Oakland, at 618 East Twen-
ty-fourth etreet. December 7. 1901. Nellie
Belle, (Jaughter of H. N. and E. J. McChes-
ney, a native of Missouri, aged 24 years.
MURPHY— In this city. December 7. 1901. Dr.
R. W. Murphy, beloved husband of Julia. C.
Murphy, and father of Mrs. W. H. Green-
halgh, R. W. Murphy Jr. and Grace Mur-
Phy. a native of Braxton County. West Vir-
ginia.
EyFrlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from Masonic Tem-
ple, corner Post and Montgomery streets, un-
der the auspices of Mount Moriah Lodge No.
■«. P. and A. M. A member of Golden Gate
Commandery No. 16, K. T.
PACKER— Near Haywards. December 7. 1901,
Carrie, beloved wife of Martin Packer, and
mother of Annie Packer, a native of Den-
mark, aged 47 years 7 months and 9 days.
IL^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral ssrvlceB
to-morrow (Monday), at 1 o'clock, at her late
residence, thence to Union Church, San
Lorenzo. Intermen* San Lorenzo Cemetery.
PLISE— The funeral of Albert Elmo Plise. to
have taken place to-day, 'was held, Saturday,
December 7. at St. Joseph's Church, thence
to Holy Cross Cemetery. This correction is
made for the benefit of his friends and ac-
quaintances, aa a mistake was made in the
date of interment.
RAMSEY— In this city. December 6. 1901. Neale
Ramsey, beloved brother of Mrs. B. Pender-
eon. a native of Norway, aged 64 years 2
months and 21 days.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler & Co., 636 Washington
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SALISBURY— In this city. December 7. 1901,
A. G. Salisbury, a native of California, aged
41 years.
SCHRODER— In this city. December 5. 1901,
Joseph Henry, beloved husband of LllUe
Schroder, father of Harold Schroder, eon of
J. Henry and Elizabeth Schroder, and brother
of John Schroder, a native of San Francisco,
aged 33 years 6 months and 22 days.
(C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlor*-
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission etreet,
where services will be held under the aus-
pices of Mission Parlor No. 38, N. S. G. W.
Interment private. Mount Olivet Cemetery.
SERPA— In this city. December 6. 1901, Hazel
L.. dearlv beloved daughter of Frank and
Louiea Serpa, a native of Ban Francisco,
aged 2 years 10 months and 7 days.
STICHEL— In this city. December 6. 1901.
Charles Stlchel Jr.. dearly beloved and only
son of Charles and Amelia Stlchel, and
brother of Katie, Annie and Lydia Stlchel. a
native of Baltimore, Md., aged 19 years 8
months ani 6 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 14S6 Dolores street, corner of
Twcnty-sisrhth. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
STRAUB— In this city, December 6. 190L Med-
ard Straub. a native of Blienchweller, Al-
sace, a red r.2 years.
(T7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company.
1209 Mission street, between Eighth and
Ninth. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
VON ARX— In this city. December 7. 1901.
Marie von Arx. beloved wife of Joseph von
Arx. and devoted mother of Emll. Joseph,
Henry. Rosie. Cecelia and Nellie von Arx.
Mrs. Madeline Kurtzis: and Mrs. Marie
Koschnitzky, a native of Germany, aged 57
years and 6 months.
WARRINGTON— In this city, December 6, 1901.
Samuel Croll Warrlncton. beloved and only
son of Mrs. and the late Samuel Warring-
ton, a native of San Francisco, aged 21 years
6 months and 23 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), from the residence of his mother.
2023 Filbert street, Oakland. Time of funeral
in Monday's papers. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery.
WHITELAW— In this city. December 7. 1901,
Mary A., beloved wife of Frank Whltelaw.
mother of William Garneau and Mrs. Charles
Birg, and sister of John, James and Robert
McDonald. Mrs. P. Hayes, Mrs. H. Schroder
and the late Mrs. Elizabeth Luzler. a native
of Pennsylvania, aged 46 years 9 months and
15 dars.
WILDER— In this city. December 6, 1901, at
the Darents' residence, 418 Tenth street, of
scarlet fever. George Washington, beloved
son of James and Margaret Wilder, ani
brother of John, Nellie, Sadie. Maggie,
James. William and Veronica Wilder, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 6 years.
WILSON— In this city, December 6. 1901.
Ezekiel Wilson, beloved husband «pf the late
Louisa C. Wilson, father of the late Henry
C. and Clara L. Wilson, and brother of Still-
man Wilson of New Mllford, Conn., a native
of Warner, N. H., aged S5 years 1 month and
30 days. - - •
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 453 Fourteenth avenue, near Point Lo-
bos avenue.
WOOD— In this city. December 4. 1901. Ed-
ward Lovett Wood, beloved husband of Edltn
Wood, father of Juanita Wood, brother of
Arthur R. and Jesse B. Wood and Mrs. Dr.
George G. Gere, and son of the late Sarah
Louise Wood, a native of New York, aged
41 years 5 months and 9 days.
E7Trlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Se\'enth and Eighth, where services
will be held under the auspices of Court Jus-
tice No. 16, F. of A. Interment Mount Oli-
vet Cemetery, by electric funeral car.
«ihanahan Florist Co.
*-' ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable . .
107 POWELL ST.ncmELLIS £££ 5053
HOTEL ABBXVALS.
RCSS HOUSE.
J Ruck, Sacramento C F Moss, Palo Alto
G D Coe, Missouri G W France &. w, Cal
W H Hennage, Cal DrJM Shephard, N Y
G McMurtry, Seattle G H Shoemaker, Cal
E W Martens, San Rat J A LJubibrotich, Cal
J P Anderson, Cal J H McLaughlln. Cal
C H Hemler. Susanvlll W Golden. Tehama
R D E Espie. Oakland « C McClune, S Quentn
J P Mahon & w, L An V Allen. Cal
H B Atkins, Los Angr W Richardson, Trucke
F Smith, Sacto C E Bond, Brownsville
F M McPheters, Cal G M Morrison & w. Or
Mrs J Gruber & d. Cal O B Barber & w, Mont
Miss K Mugler, Slsson E K Rawllngs. Cal
H Hornberger. Amador M D Fltzwater, Cal
E M Clark, Portland E J Burllngham, Wash
L O Shank & w, Ohio C Falconer, Chicago
J F Trainer, Sacto Mr» W Jump, Antwerp
P Brown, Arizona L Main & w, St Louis
H B Strauss, Sheridan A Behning, St Louis
H H Chase. Manila
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Leclatr, Sacto L A Goebel, New Orlns
J D Betsar, Gridley B R Dunn, Denver
G W Morgan, Fresno D Brosnan, Nebraska
H P Cornlck. Mich M Lacey, New York
M Waters, Brooklyn L R Whipple, Campbel
H M Ball. Belmont G B Lean, Illinois
B M Cooper. Boston T D Taylor, Hartford
W B Walker. Peoria S B Stoddard. Hartfrd
T C Henshaw, Pulaskl P Turnley, Yuma
j B Anson, Chicago N A Gernoin, Neb
M T Barstow, Sacto
Music at the Park.
The following programme will be ren
dered by the band in Golden Gate Park
to-day:
Overture. 'Test" Leutner
Mazourka de Concert, "La Mousme" Ganne
Selection, "II Trovatore," including the
tower scene Verdi
Waltz. "Eepana" .Waldteufel
"American Fantasia" Herbert
Overture. "Guarany" Gomez
Cornet solo, "Air de Ballet" Sired
Mr. D. C. Rosebrook.
"Egyptian Ballet" Luiglnl
Popular dance Mom "Florodora" Stuart
March, "Maestoso" ...» H. C. Watt
To-Morrow the Last Day
For the Lyceum Clothing Co. All suits
and overcoats, of which there are about
500, will be sold for Just one-quarter of
their value, namely, $18 suits and over
coats for men for $4.65. Thursday the
gTeat bankrupt sale of A. Brick & Co.
will begin at the Boston, 773 Market St.,
near Fourth. •
Must Admit "Will to Probate.
The Supreme Court decided yesterday
that the will of Edward E. Lakemeyer
must be admitted to probate. Lizzie R.
Blizzard contested the validity of the doc
ument because certain abbreviations were
used, and the lower court sustained her
claim. The Supreme Court holds, how
ever, that the abbreviations are unmis
takable in their meaning and that the
will is therefore valid.
Value of Twin Peaks Tract.
F- H. Qualman of the West of Castro
Street Improvement Club filed a descrip
tion with the Board of Supervisors yes
terday of the Twin Peaks tract proposed
to be acquired for park purposes. The
tract north of the Ocean House road con
tains fifty-one acres of land, and Qual
man says it can be purchased for $102,000.
Did you ever see an oil heater which
was absolutely 'odorless? We've got it.
It's Barler's and we guarantee it. Nine
sizes. Chas. Brown & Son, 807 Market
street, near Fourth, San Francisco. •
■ - - ■ ■■•.:.■■. ' ■ :; ■ ■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1901.
DAMAGED BY TYPHOON'S FORCE
SHERIDAN ARRIVES IN PORT
Consumes Nearly Two Months in Getting Here From
Manila, but Beats Nagasaki Record.
THE United States army transport
Sheridan arrived from th« Philip
pines, via Japanese ports, yester
day. She now holds the record
for the longest run from Manila
anil the fastest run from Nagasaki, Ja
par, of any of the twin-screw fleet In Un
cle Sam's service. She was fifty-eight
days on her way here from Manila, but
came from the Japanese coast in seven
teen days and six hours, which Is a splen
did performance.
Boon after leaving Manila the Sheridai
ran Into a typhopn, and during It the ma
chinery was disabled. The vessel was
hove to for a time and repairs made and
then the transport was able to reach Na
gasaki on October 10. Once on the Japan
ese coast her passengers began to desert
her. and many of them came home on the
M&il steamers and some on the Hancock.
Captain Pierce of the Sheridan cabled
■Washington that the repairs on his ship
would take some time, and as the Con
gressional party was aboard the Govern
ment, rushed the "Warren to the scone. All
hands were taken aboard the latter ves
sel and she made a start fpr San Fran
cisco, only to come to grief in the Inland
Set 1 ..
Then the Hancock was called upon and
rhe also went ashore, but without injury
to the hull, "so she went along, alter get
ting oft the beach. Later the passengers
of the Sheridan and the Warren were
taken aboard. They reached San Francisco
Beveral days ago. :
Nevertheless the &heridan . picked up
1600 passengers while she was detained at
Nagasaki. Those who came up in the,
cabin were:
Colonel Tully McCrea, Artillery Corps; Mrs.
Tully McCrea, Lieutenant Colonel M. C. Foote,
Ninth Infantry; Major L. W. Cooke, Twenty
sixth Infantry; Mrs. L. W. Cooke, Major W.
F. Lippett, surgeon United States Volunteers:
Captain A. Todd, Artillery Corps; Mrs. A.
Todd. Captain J. H. McCall, surgeon United
States Volunteers; Captain H. J. Hlrsch, Twen
tieth Infantry; Captain S. M. Foote, Artillery
Corps; Lieutenant R. F. McMillan. Artillery
Corps; A. B. Johnson, United States Consul,
Amoy. China; B. C. Miller. United States Con
sul, Newchwang. China; Captain P. W. West,
Eleventh Cavalry; Miss Marion West, Lieuten
ant R. L. Ball. Thirteenth Cavalry; Mrs. L.
R. Ball, A. V. McManus. Judge Infantry Court,
Manila; H. Hollingsworth, late lieutenant
Twenty-ninth Volunteers; R. S. Miller, United
States legation, Toklo. Japan; Mrs. R. S. Mil
ler, Lieutenant D. P. Lyon. Sixteenth Infantry;
Captain A. P. Berry, Tenth Infantry; Captain
C. Stewart. Fourth Cavalry; Miss E .Finch, •
Willard Church, Army and Navy Journal; J.
R. Rucker, Lieutenant Van Leer Wills, Twelfth
Infantry; Lieutenant R. T. Hazard, First Cav
alry; Lieutenant W. H. McCornack, Eleventh
Cavalry; Mrs. W. H. McCornack, Captain
A. C. Merrillat, Fifteenth Cavalry; John W.
Ward. late lieutenant Thirty-third Vol
unteers; Captain F. A. Johnston, Ar
tillery. Corps; Dr. J. K. Ashburn. contract sur
geon: Captain" H. E. Ely. .Mrs. H. E. Ely. Mas
ter Ely, Mrs. John C. Fremont, wife^of Lieu
tenant Commander Fremont ;" Miss Julie Fre
mont. Miss Jessie Fremont. Captain C. F. Par
ker. Artillery Corps: Dr. J. F. Slier, contract
surgeon •' Mrs. Merchant. Mrs. W. S. McNair
and three children. Miss Kate O'Connor, nurse:
Mrs. J. F. Berry, N. B. Roper, engineer
quartermaster's department; C. W. Thornton,
commissary clerk; Miss Hughes, army nurse;
Miss Auger, army nurse; Dr. L. D. Fricks,
Marine Hospital Service; Lieutenant George 8.
Richards, Twenty-eighth Infantry; W. M. The
bout. postal clerk; Mrs. Thebout, Fred Strong,
transport service; J. W. Gregg, transport serv
ice; J. O. Wanzer, postal clerk; J. F. Gretzer,
postal clerk; Phillip Egner, McC. Lingan.
transport service; Dr. J. M. Sheperd. contract
surgeon; J. A. Fealy, ex- Postmaster, Cebu;
Mrs. W. F. Knack. B. F. Wells, postal clerk;
A. J. Drake, postal clerk: E. J. Foster, postal
clerk; Mr. Geistlng. postal clerk: Felix St.
Claire, clerk; Mrs. St. Clalr,e and child, Mrs.
Davis and five children, E. B. Briggs and three
sons, L. S. Simon, clerk; H. H. Cheal. chief
clerk quartermaster's division of Philippines,
and E. E. Carey.
The short' term men, of "whom there
were 1499 aboard, were at once transferred
to the detention camp at Angel Island.
They will be held there until their papers
arc made out and will then be sent home.
H. H. Tassler, a discharged soldier, was
in trouble on the vessel. He was a cor
poral in the Signal Corps and overstayed
his leave at Nagasaki. Being a dischaged
man it seems hard to understand how he
could overstay his leave. Anyhow Colonel
McCrea ordered him put In Irons and then
the other discharged men nearly mutinied.
There were catcalls when an officer put
in an appearance, and when he tried to
discipline a discharged man uncompli
mentary remarks were hurled at him.
"I'm not a soldier. I'm a citizen of the
United States and as good as you any
day,' one of the men exclaimed.
Finally Tassler broke out of jail and de
fled rearrest. "If the crew, of the ship
will arrest me," said he, "well and good,
but the military authorities have no con
trol over me." Then Colonel McCrea ap
pealed to Captain Pierce, and when the
fifth officer and two sailors cajne along
Tassler went quietly into the brig. .
This was on December 3 and the pris
oner was only released when the Sheridan
was making port. Every discharged man
on the vessel contributed money to help
Tassler carry his case to Washington.
Among the arrivals on the Sheridan was
Lieutenant Hazard of the First Cavalry,
who assisted in the capture of Agulnaldo.
He subsequently entered a Filipino camp
and captured Howard, a deserter from
the First California. For his services he
has been recommended for a special
medal by the commanding general and
also for promotion.
The Sheridan came to the dock late in
the afternoon and will sail again for the
Philippines almost immediately.
BOUND FOB VALPARAISO.
Pacific Steam Navigation Company's
Chili Sails Southward.
The Pacific Steam Navigation Compa
ny's liner Chili was a little late in getting
away yesterday. She was detained owing
to the arrival of a lot of heavy machinery
at the last moment, which had to be put
aboard. Her cabin passengers were:
D. Deladouespe and wife. E. ' Gallols, A. B.
Eacobar, Y. M. Castro, F. Bogen, Miss P.
Schoepffer, D. Chaves, Alberto Orive. F. Oener,
Robert Dillon, Eugene Van Court, R. D. Mor
ris, J. M. Pierson, H. Wldmaier, Mrs. Wtd
maler, S. P. Hlntze, Hans von Adelson, Dr.
K. Nordeu, Ira P. Bayles, J. B. Funk, So!
Rodriguez, Mrs. Canedo, H. I*. Burleson, P.
M. Neal, George Peel, Hermann Blauken, Max
Larranaga, Pleree Perron, J. T. Wilkinson,
Mrs. Francesca Lopez and daughter, T. Fuje,
M. Takata, John Klausmann. Mrs. Dolores
Den«gri and two children, J. D. McDonald,
Feronimo Mendoza, Benito Mendoza and Ted
Bunker. ■ ■ .
Beside these the Chill took away quite
a crowd in the steerage. Among her car
go were fourteen race horses shipped to
San Jose de Guatemala to the order of
K. Schumann. Nearly all of them are
brood mares. Mr. Schumann Intends to
establish a stock farm.
Chinese Is Badly Injured.
Muey Bon was brought from the ferries
yesterday to the Harbor Hospital with a
fractured skull. He was found in the
depot and no one knew what : was the
matter with him. At the hospital an ex
amination was made of his papers and
they showed that he was In transit from
Mexico to China. The doctors at the hos
pital therefore came to the conclusion
that he had eluded his guard and jumped
from the moving train, and as the effects
of the fracture did not show themselves
for several hours he was able to reach
the. steamer and get as far as San Fran
cisco. Muey Bon is not likely to recover,
but if he does he. will, go back to China. .
The Ernest Beyer May Be Saved.
The French bark Ernest Reyer will be
got off the beach if prompt assistance is
sent. According to a dispatch to the
Merchants' Exchange the first officer
has arrived at Portland and the ship
is on a well protected,, sandy beach.
At low tide the stern is in about three
feet. of water and the vessel is lying
easy. The prospects for floating her
when the mate left Qulnault were good.-
Water Front Notes.
Captain Lucas of the French bark
Edouard Detaille paid a visit to the
French. frigate Protet yesterday. It was,
said that he Went out in connection with
some trouble he had had with his chief
officer, but the agent of the vessel denies
this and says the visit was one of
courtesy only. The Protet will be open to
visitors to-day and Peterson's launches
UNITED STATES ARMY TRANSPO RT SHERIDAN THAT WAS DIS
ABLED IN A TYPHOON AND TRANSFERRED HER PASSENGERS
TO THE WARREN, WHICH VE SSEL ALSO WENT- ASHORE.
will run from the foot of Folsom street
after the noon hour. Monday the frigate
goes to Mare Island for any overhauling.
The schooner \V. S. Phelps sailed for
the Gallapagos Islands yesterday. A
great deal of mystery has been made out
of the affair, but the facts of the case are
that the vessel goes from here to Clipper
ton and thence to the Gallapagos after
turtles.
Michael Smith of the steamship Hyades
fell down the hold of the vessel yester
day and fractured his forearm and hip
Joint. He was treated at the Harbor Hos
pital.
The Bear, Thetis, Albatross and Protet
are all off Folsom-street wharf.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
' Shlppin g Merchants.
.'...• Charters.
The British steamer Foreric will load lumber
at Portland for Manila (6s 9d per gross ton
per month), chartered prior to arrival.
The British ship Iverna Is chartered for
wheat at Tacoma for Europe, 37s 6d, If at
Portland 9d extra, prior to arrival.
The Italian steamer Luigrl Cl&mpa loads
wheat at Tacoma for St. Vincent for orders,
33s 9d, If two ■ ports, 35s, chartered prior to
arrival.
The British ship Sierra Blanca has been
chartered prior to arrival for wheat at this
port for Europe, 33s 9d.
The bark Martha Davis will load merchan
dise here for Hilo.
Shipment of Wheat.
The German ship Christel waa cleared yes
terday for Queenstotvn for orders with 60,601
ctls wheat, valued At $63,630, and 15,000 feet
lumber as dunnage, valued at $225.
Merchandise for British Columbia.
The steamer Umatllla sailed yesterday for
Victoria with an assorted merchandise cargo
for British Columbia, valued at $20,893, In
cluding the following merchandise and pro
80,550 lbs dried fruit, 14.280 lbs raisins, 077
gals wine, 10 pkgs paint, 70 pkgs groceries and
provisions,. 2S0 lbs soda, 10 cs cartridges, 9
pkgs machinery, 578 lbs tobacco, 33 c.s canned
goods, 32,475 lbs malt. 1296 ft lumber. 2169 pigs
lead, 6 cs drugs, 15 bbls tar, 25 cyls gas, 113 lbs
1 cs cheese, 2992 lbs nuts, 409 pkgs fruits and
vegetables, 300 lbs beans, 11 pkgs hardware,
1S2 lbs coffee, 650 lbs mlllstuffs, 700 lbs sugar,
2800 lbs chocolate, 216 lbs ham, 100 tins
matches, 508 bxs paste.
In addition to the*above the steamer carried
700 cs canned salmon for Buffalo, N. Y., valued
at J280O, and 1762 lbs dried fruit, valued at *63,
for Calgary, Northwest Territory.
The Chile's Cargo.
The steamer Chile was cleared yesterday for
Valparaiso and way ports with a general mer
chandise cargo valued at $34,634, manifested
and destined as follows: For Mexico, $9288 ;
Central America, $13,183; Panama, $4574; Ecua
dor, $3076; Peru, $3854; Chile, $519; London, $140.
The principal exports were as follows:
To Mexico— 32 cs 472 gals wine, 51 bbls flour.
5 cs drugs, 35 crs potatoes, 640. lbs 2 cs dried
fruit, 557 lbs bread, 315 lbs zinc, 20 bxs window
glass, 9 pkgs paint. 1536 lbs lard, 81 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions, 6 cs millstuffs, 81 cs
canned goods, 66 lbs ham and bacon, . 18 pkgs
furniture, 20 cs coal oil, 99 pkgs machinery,
780 lbs raisins. 64 pkgs mlllwork.. 68 bdls
Bhooks, 40,962 lbs malt, 207 lbs spices, 190 lbs
codfish, 16 bxs fruit. 44 pkgs paste.-
To Central America— 3215 bbls flour, 25,632 ft
lumber, 6000 lbs rice, 16 crs potatoes and
onions, 1180 lbs lard, 19 pkgs paste, 10,000 lbs
salt 196 lbs cheese. 700 lbs dried fruit, 18 cs
wine, 80 pkgs paints and oils, 8 bales bags,
26,662 feet lumber, 14 cs canned goods, 24 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 641 lbs ham, 3 pkgs
dry goods, 11 bxs fruit, 32 bdls iron, 12 horeei.
To Panama— 12,817 lbs sugar. BOO cs soap, 150
bxs paste, 813 lbs ham, 1694 lbs codfish, 23,412
ft lumber, 4 pkgs groceries and provisions, 107
cs canned goods, 73 cs salmon, 32 pkgs ma
chinery. 17 Pkgs scows.
To Ecuador— 600 bbls flour, 135 colls rope, 14
cs canned goods, 17 bdls brooms, 820 lbs dried
fruit, 900 lbs codfish, 262 lbs bacon.
To Peru— 1020 lbs dried fruit, 400 bdls shooks,
4 bdls shlrigles, 9 coils rope, 3082 railroad ties,
264 cs canned goods, 90- lbs ham, 1800 lbs lard,
658 lbs bread. ,-''.,,
To Chile— 2400 lbs lard, 17 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 1345 lbs tar grease, 10 cs turpen
tine 20 cs salmon. • ■ .
To London— 140 sks ore.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetlo Survey—
Tlmea and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Baa
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTES— The high and low. waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SUNDAY. DECEMBER 8.
Sun rises • 7:13
Sun sets • 4:50
Moon rises 4:51 a. m.
Time Time; Tims ITime,
Dat « Ft. Ft. Ft. I Ft.
_IL-W H W L W H W
S .. 2:50 Te 9:21 B.S 4:11 0.0 11:12 TTs
9 I.. 3:27 2.8 9:50 6.9 4:46 —0.3 11:57 4.3
10 .. 4:05 3.6 10:19 5.8 5:19—0.4
HW L.WHW LW
11 0:36 4.4 4:41 3.2 10:49 6.8 5:52—0.5
12 ., 1:16 4.6 5:20 3.2 11:21 6.7 6:30—0.5
13*.. '1:54 4.6 6:05 3.2 12:00 5.6 '.:<&— 0.4
14;.. 2:81 4.8 6:53 3.1 12:41 5.3 7:42-0.2
16 ... 3:06 4.9 7:49 3.2 1:31 5.0 8:22 ■ 0.1
NOTE— In the abovo exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
band column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there ore but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given am in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts/ except when a minus (— )
elsrn precedes the height, and than the number
riven Is subtracted from the depth riven by the
chart*. The plane of reference) U the mean of
the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrosraphio Office, XJ. B. N., Mer
; chants' Exchange, San Franclaca, Cal.,
December 7, 1901. , •
The Time Ball on the tower of tha Ferry
building: was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
t. e., at noon of the uotb meridian, or at I
p. m., Greenwich mean time.
W. H. STANDLBT,
Lieutenant. TJ. 8. Navy. In Chars;*,
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVB.
Steamer. From. - Du«.
Rival Wlllapa Harbor Dec. 8
Matteawan.... Nanalmo ...;.... Dec. 8
Mandalay Coquille River Dec. 8
Wellington.... Oyster Harbor ........ Deo. 8
Pleiades....... Seattle Deo. 8
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Port* Dec. 8
State of Cal... San Diego ft Way Pta. Dec. •
Eureka Eureka Dec. S
Washtenaw..., Tacoma : Dec. 8
Arcata. ........ Coos Bay & Pt. Orford Dec. 9
Empire Coos Bay Dec. 9
Crescent City. Crescent City Deo. 9
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Dec. 9
Bristol Oyster Harbor Dec. 9
Peru China & Japan D«c. 10
Pomona Humboldt Dec. 11
Columbia Portland & Astoria .... Dec. 11
Alameda Honolulu Deo. 11
American Seattle Dec. 11
San Pedro Humboldt Dec. 13
Santa Asa Seattle & Tacoma Dec. 12
Santa Rosa..,. San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 12
P^? a *';'«.'*" N e , w P° rt & ™»y Ports, Dec. 12
Point Arena... Point Arena Dec. 12
£ewburg....... Grays Harbor Deo. 13
Walla walla.., Puget Sound Ports Dec 13
s™*? fan""" g ambu^ & Way Ports Dec. 15
San Juan Panama & Way Ports. Dec. 15
Leelanaw N . T. via Panama Dec! IS
I 011 *,™!™:;"' I ydn , ey .A Way Ports.. Dec. 18
7 oi-i i? p ,V Portland & Astoria .... Dec. 16
J; ?; 1 ? c ' m * a11 " Seattle & Tacoma Dec 16
North Fork.... Humboldt Dec 16
Coptic. china and Japan Dec 1?
T T uca Pfl Valparaiso & Way Pts Dec 17
Umaiilla Puget Sound Ports.." Dec 18
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma .... Dec! 18
TO SAIU
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pter."
_ 1 December 8. I
Coronado Seattle dlreVt 5 pm Pier 2
ban Pedro.... Humboldt 10 km Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Santa Kosa.. San Dle go & Way 9 am Pier 11
December 8.
Alliance Portland & Coos B. 6 pm Pier 16
Sequoia....... Grays Harbor .... 6 pm Pier X
Q. W. Elder.. Astoria * Portland U am Pier U
City Sydney.. Panama & Way.... 12 m PMSS
Argyll N. Y. via Panama 2 pm Pier 27
■ , December 10.
Rlval Willapa Harbor ... 6 pmlPler »
Arcata ••• Coos B. & Pt. Orf'd 4 pmlPler 13
Humboldt DuoWu
Empire Coos Bay 4 Dm Pl»r it
North Fork.. nVmboldtSfe.; 9 Im P« "
Mandalay.... coqullle River .... 5 pm Pier 2
December 11.
Rainier....... Seattle & N. What. 5 pm Pier 2
Stale of Cal.. San Dlego & Way 9 am Pier 11
Nippon Mara China & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
December 12.
City Puebla. . Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
December 13.
Pomona...... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
December 14.
Corona Newport & Way... S am Pier 11
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier t
Columbia..... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier 8
Alameda..... Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
1 • . December 15.
San Pedro.:.- 'Humboldt 10 am Pier 3
Santa Rosa. . San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
December 17.
Newburg Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier ?
December 18.
Acapulco Panama & Way Pts 12 m PMSS
PROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. From. . . Due.
Bertha Valdez & Kodiak Dec. 10
Dolphin Skaguay & Way Ports. Dec. 12
Efl Thompson. Cooks Inlet & Way Pt* T)ec. 15
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. Dec. 16
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. Dec. 18
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. Deo. 21
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Dec. 25
' Shipping Intelligence.
■ . » ■■ ■ : ■
ARRIVED, i
Friday, December 6.
Stmr Acme. Lundqulst, 31 hours from Eu
reka.
Brisr Vf O Irwln. Garthley, 12 days from
Roche Harbor. . :
Saturday, December 7.
- Stmr Geo "W Elder, Randall, 80% hours from
Portland, via Astoria 60 hours. - .
Stmr CoQullIe River, Hansen, 19 hours from
Fort Brass.
Stmr Centennial, Conrad!, 7 dayi from Se
attle.
Stmr Asuncion, Evans, 5 days from Tacoma.
Stmr Gualala, Genereaux, 12 hours from
Bowens Landing. .. ■ ' • • .
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, 3^4 days from
Ladysmith.
Schr Corinthian, Korth, 19 days from Co
quille River. . ■ . <
Schr Melancthon, Olsen, 12 days from Coos
Bay. . ■
Schr T-izzle Prlea. Anderson, - 19 days from
Slualaw.
« . CLEARED.'
Saturday; December -7.
Stmr Curacao, Paulsen, Guaymas; Goodall,
Perkins & Co. -
- Stmr Umatllla, Cousins, Victoria . and Port
Townsend: Goodall, Perkins & Co. . . -
■ Stmr Coronado, Johnson, • Seattle ; Pollard
Steamship Co.. '
Stmr , Pomona, Shea, Eureka; . Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
. Br stmr Chile. Todd, Valparaiso and way
ports; .Balfour, -Guthrie & Co. "
Ger ship Christ el. Wurthmann, Queens town;
Qlrvln & Eyre.
Bktn Irmsard, Schmidt; Honolulu; Williams,
Dlrnond & Co.
TARIFF RATES
FOR PHILIPPINES
Ways and Means Com
mitteemen of House
Not in Accord.
Another Important Question
Is Whether Goods Can Be
Carried in Foreign Ships.
'CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON. Dec. 7.— There is a
division of opinion among the Republican
members of the "Ways and Means Com
mittee of the House over the question of
Philippine tariff. Some favor quick ac
tion on some measure like the Lodge bill
that will extend the Dingley rates to im
ports into this country from the Philip
pines and establish the duties of the Taf t
commission upon all imports into the
Philippines.
Others think that such a law should
have a definite limit, expiring: In a given
time, and that meanwhile It should bo
understood that a permanent law would
be in preparation, a result of careful and
economic Investigation, to go into effect
at a stated time.
The question will be determined by
Monday or Tuesday, and after that data
it is expected there will be prompt action
In the committee and the House on the
tariff bill.
Whether goods must be shipped ex
clusively In American vessels between
the United States and the Philippines is
a question the Treasury Department will
not decide until some definite case arises.
Treasury officials say that it would be a
misfortune should It be found necessary
to decide that the coasting' trade law ap
plies to the Philippines and that It would
certainly impede the development of our
trade with the Orient, for there are not
American ships enough to do the busi
ness. . . ■
Merriam's Son Will Marry.
DENVER, Dec. 7.— A marriage license
was Issued to-day to Lieutenant Henry
Merriam, son of General H. C. Merriam.
and Miss Alice Llshman of Honolulu. The
bride-to-be has been the guest of the fam
ily of General Merriam, who commanded
the Department of the Colorado until his
retirement last month. Lieutenant Mer
riam returned a few weeks ago from the
Philippines. • •
Pyrography Outfits.
we have fitted up a small exhibit of
burnt wood and leather which all are in
vited to see. Wood and skins for burn
ing: and pyrography machines for every
body. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market. •
' SAILED.
Friday, December 8.
Stmr John S Klmball. Thwing. Seattle.
Saturday. December 7.
Stmr Czarina. Seaman. Seattle and Tacoma.
Stmr W H Kruger. Krog. Tlllamook Bay.
Stmr Corona, Gielow, San Pedro.
Stmr Curacao, Paulsen, Guaymas.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen. Mendoclno.
Stmr Alcazar. Martin. .
Stmr Newsboy, Ahlstrom. Eureka.
Stmr Geo Loomls. Bridgett. Ventura.
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins. Victoria and Port
Townsend.
Stmr Lakme, Kelson. Eureka.
Br stmr Chile, Todd, Valparaiso and way
ports.
Ft bark Pierre Lotl, Trotal, Queenstown.
Schr Newark. 1 Crangle, .
Schr W S Phelps, Nye, hunting cruise.
Schr Archie and Fontle, Skipper. Flsks Mill.
SPOKEN.
Nov 20, 15 miles off Lizard, Br ship Scottish
Glens, from Hamburg, for San Francisco. •
Oct 5, lat 85 N. Ion 31 W— Br ship Laomene.
from Antwerp, for Port Los Angeles.
Nov 22. lat 19 N. Ion 22 \V— Fr bark Marthe
Roux, from Havre, for San Francisco.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Dec 7, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind NW, velocity 8 miles an hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Deo 7— Ital ship Luigl
Ciampa, from Talcahuano.
Sailed Dec 7— Stmr Santa Ana, for San
Francisco; stmr Chico, for Tacoma; stmr Cot
tage City, for Skagway.
Arrived Pec 7— Stmr Chico. from Portland;
U S stmr Grant, from Port Townsend.
TACOMA— Sailed Deo 7— Stmr GlenoKle. for
the Orient.
Arrived Deo 7— Bark Iverna, from Santa Ro
salia; stmr Santa Ana, -from San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Dec 7— Stmr
Santa Rosa, from San Diego.
Sailed Dec 7— Stmr Titanla. for Nanaimo:
stmr Alctraz, for Port Arena; stmr Santa
Rosa, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Dec 5— Schr Maggie C
Russ, from Honolulu. ' -«-* 5- -"»<eNirW-n
Sailed Dec 7— Schr O M Kellogg, for HIlo;
Nor ship Plleone, for Sydney; stmrs Eureka
and Luella, for San Francisco.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Dec 5— Stmr Rival,
for San Francisco, and not as previously re
ported.
BOWENS LANDING— Sailed Dec 7— Stmr
Scotia and schr Ocean Spray, for - San Fran
cisco.
CRESCENT CITY— Sailed Dec 7— Stmr Cres
cent City, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Sailed Dec 7— Stmr EmDlre. for
San Francisco: stmr Area t a, for San Fran
cisco.
: WHATCOM— Sailed Dec 7-Schr Win Ren
ton, for Port Harford. »
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Dec 7— Bark Coloma. for
San Francisco.
MONTEREY— Arrived Dec 7— H B M stmr
"YVarspite, from Esquimau.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Dec 5— Stmr
Santa Barbara, hence Dec 2. Dec 6— Schrs R C
Slade and Chas E Falk, - from Honolulu. Dec 7
—Stmr Newburg, hence Dec 4.
Sailed Dec 5— Schr "Wempe Bros, for San
Francisco; schr Jas H Bruce, for San. Pedro.
Dec 7— Schr John A. for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HAKODATE— Arrived Dec 7— Schr Forest
Home, from Shanghai, to load for San Fran
cisco.
VALPARAISO— Sailed Dec 3— Br ship Jesso
mene, for .
BRISBANE— Arrived Dec 6— Br stmr Moana,
from Vancouver.
CORONEL— Arrived Dec 5— Br stmr Milton,
hence Nov 6, for St Vincent. Nov 20— Ger
stmr Denderah, from London, for San Fran
cisco. . •
ISLE OF "WIGHT— Passed Dec 4— Br ship
General Roberts, from Rotterdam, for Puget
Sound.
HAMBURG— Arrived 'Nov 6— Ger stmr Neko,
hence Aug 29. • •
MALTA— Paesed Dec 7— Br stmr Hyson, from
Tacoma, for United Kingdom.
ST VINCENT— Arrived Dec .6— Br stmr Flint
shire, hence Oct 4, for United Kingdom.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to Dec 7— Jap
stmr Idzumi Maru, from Seattle.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Arrived Dec 7— Schr
Metha Nelson, from Fremantle.
HONGKONG— Arrived Drlor to Dec 7— Jap
stmr.Rlojun Maru. from Seattle.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Dec- 7— Stmr Minne
apolis, for London; stmr Umbrla, for Liver
pool; stmr Palatia, for Hamburg; stmr Potts
dam, fcr Rotterdam, via Boulogne.
ANTWERP— Arrived Dec 8— Stmr Belgian
King, from San Francisco, via Coronel. etc.
"Sailed Dec 7— Stmr Vauderltn. for New -.York.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to Dec 6— Stmr
Hongkong Maru, from San Francisco, for
Honzkong. _
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Dec 7— Stmr Campa
nia, from New York.
Sailed Dec 7— Stmr Etrurla. for New York.
HAMBURG — Sailed Deo 7— Stmr Hermonthls.
for San Francisco. ,
HAVRE— Sailed Dec 7— Stmr Leveter, for
New York.
BAILWAY TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAlLROAa
Via Sausallt* Ferry.
Commencing September 29. 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
etW AND SAN RAFAEL. *■""=• *
WEEK DAYS— «:65. 8:30. «9:30. 11:00 a. m.
1M5 a:15. ;.4:15. 6:15. «6:15. 6:43 p. m. '
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill ..Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. •
8TJNDAYS-'8:00 -10:00. Ml:30 a. m.. .1:13.
..« »4:45 6:80. 9:30 p. m. *.
Trains marked (♦) run to San Quentln.
- *12:25. 2:15, •3:S3. 4:40. 5:30 p. mV
EXTHA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m. y
STJNDAYS^6:15. •8:00. '10:00. 11:43 a. m.
•1-40 *S:15 4:45/ '6:30 P. m. •;-...> v . '
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCOl
WEEK DAYS-5:45..6:45. 7:55. 8:55. 10:30 1 a in?
12-35 2:45. 8:50. 5:10 p. m. ' "**•
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05. 2:13. i:ii
6:00. 6.4a p. T^ ROCGH trains.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. •'■::"■ . '
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. ' .,
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run, oa
Sunday time.
BAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.;
Train «••%»•« •»•••* nr* <Mmm to nrrlT* »» •
NAN KIUMCUCO.
(Main Line. Toot of Marl"* 8trt«U '
tun — faoa Dicncam a. 1301. — amuti
7sO*a Benfci*. SuUuu, Elmtm tod Sacra*
aaento SiSSr
7iO«a V»ca*Ule. Wlnten. Runuey ?i»r
«:U«A M»rtiiia*.SauU»mon.V»ll<jJo.2**c>», "
CalUtoga sud Hiut» Kom OlSSf
•:0« a Davis. Woodland. Knig&ta Ltndlar.
SUrysfllle. Oroillle.. . 7l5Sr
•:••* Atlantic KxpteM-Ogden aad East liMi
HsOOa Mlw, L»thro p , Stockton tO»t
SMIOAMlee. MendoU. H»afcrd. Visalia,
PorierrUle 4:33*
a: SO A Shut* Kxpreaa — DbtIo, WlUimma ( ror
BartlQU Sartass), Vflllowt, Bed '
Bluff. PortUni 7>Uf
*iSOi Sau Jos*. LI»etiaot», Stoektou, ,;■;
Ious. fUeisiiiento. Flaeenllle,
M««»»ille, Chico. UeJlllulT 4ittr
■iSOa Otkdal*. Chinese, Sonorm. Tuotamae 4ia3y
UiOOa Harvard. Nilrs aad Way 8UU0111.. » Ii»3a.
»:OOa Vallejo H:2Sr
Oioo a Los Angalet Express — Martiuer,
Tner, LeUirop, tttooktoo, Merced
Fresno ind Los io«»le» TiMA
0t8«* Vallttjn. Martiuoi aud Way Stations 7l3it
I ttiOWA The OTerlauil IJmlted— Ogdes. Den«
ier, Uioaba. Chicag) ItitSr
tl:Oflp Sucriineuto Itliar Slaamere fll«Ot»»
Woodland, KiTwiiU Landing-,
MurytTill*. Otoiill* l«:33 A, .
a:8l»r Hajwtid, Nil*. * and Way SUModi .. 7:33 F
■tittOp Martinez, Hau lUiuon, Vall»J»,
Napn. CnHafcciKa. Hauta Uom •i33p
4hOOp Nile*. LiTermore. Stockton. Lodf... ISiMr
■liUiip Htjw.rJ, NU««. Hau.lot*. Ltwrmoro t»»3**
4:30? Tha Owl Uraited — Firano. Tulaie.
BakanSaUI. Maiifus for Santa Bar-
bara. Loa Ancele* BtSSa.
HtO»r Port Costa, Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton IuiSSa.
0M»or Martinez. Antioch, Btockton, Msr-
ced.Frwno. l!iS3r
«:<»<lp Ilarnani, MilastudSau Jose 7i33a
1«iOOr ValleJ 11:234.
«iO»i- Oriental Mali— Ogden. Dourer.
Omaha, St Louis. Chicago 4:33a.
7>O»p Orecau aud O»llf..ni!«. !5»i.r.M. H»o-
rnniautii. Marjmlll*. Itatl'llnr.
1'urMHinl, I'ugat rioimtl ami Kuk 8i33A, ;
liOSr San Pab!o. Pork Ceits. Martloes
ami Waj Stations Ui33a
t*:O!lp Tallr]« 7i3a?
COAST LINE (Sarro.T Uauge). "
( Took ot Murkot Streak.)
»«I5a Neirark.Cantertille.SaiiJoas.Foltnu.
Donlder Creek. Haul » Cnu »ud Waj
8UUons •iflOf
tails* Newark t'entervllt*; Ban .late. Now
. Aliiuiisn. Fulton, lloiiltler Creek,
Santa l-'rm ami l'rlneipal Way
Buttons... , !•.«*•*
4i1.1p Newark. Han Joa*. Lr* Gato» tStSVa
o».a»r Hunters' Train— Sao Jcte and Way
Station* w.. t7*»*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SI) mSHSCQ-ftot af Market Strset (Slip Si—
MilS W.OU 11:00A.M. 1:03 3:09 S:X8».tf.
rr«»0lIU«D_ Nil tfIiM«»>T.— 1«:00 +8 : QQ t3;0*
10:00 t.M. 12:03 2.C3 4:03 r.M. •
COAST LINE (liroaii llange).
(Third and Town'eiul Sit,)
«:IOa Ban Jose and Way HUtioos. «t-tVA
7:«Oa Han Joseaml Wai MUtluus f«iO«>p
/7i«tOA New Almadeo. / 4-.10T
SsOOa Coast Lino limited — Ban Jose,
Gilroy, Sallnai, Han Lnie Obispo.
Bant* Barbara, Lox Aog«lea and
principal intermediate stations .... 1 0:43*
ViOOa Hai) Jw*, Ties linos. HhiiU Crux,
Tactile Uii>»#. f alinis. dan I.oii
Obispo ami Principal intermediate
Mtutiima 4>IOp
IO 1 :i«t San Jrse aud Wsy Stations *:»•*
I IsSCOa Man. l<»s i»ml Way Station U;I8a !
t'-trl.ip San Mateo, Uadwood, Menl» Fu>,
Palo Alto. Sauta Clara, San .lose,
Tre* Pinoe, Santa Cruz, Sallnu.
Moiiteiej ami l'aeilie Grove 110:43 A
3iSto r 8 an Jose and Wty Stations. l>aup
» 1:1 ilr San Join and Principal Way fttallotis St3OP
4:3 or Sunset Limited— Monday*. Wednm-
. days, Frldayn, for Loa Angeles, El
Faao. New Orleans and X«w York.
ArriTes gosdaji. Tuesdays and
Thursdays IOiISa
{SiOOrSan Jose. Los Gatoa and Principal
Way Stations fOiOOA
SrStOr Sao Jose and PHnelpal Way Stations C>3tty
«:»ltpSan Jos: and \V%y stations li'.ltir
■ 7:00 r New Orleans Express — Paa Lnls
Obispo. Santa Barbara, Los An-
Kelea, Doming, El Paao, New Or-
leans and last 7:30 A
oll»43p Sail .lose ami War Stations 7i3Oy
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
t Rnuday exeertlad, 1 ftandaf only,
a Saturday only.. and Friday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
6aa Francisco to San Rafaol.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 1:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:23
3: JO. 5:19. 8:30 p. ta. Thursdays— Extra, trtp
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:S*
aad 11:30 p. ro.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. S:20, 11:00 a. m.{ 1:30, J:tt.
: 6:C0. |;20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco,
WEEK DATS-6:10. 7:60. S:29. 11:10 a. m.; 13:43.
3:40. 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:34
aad 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 1:40. 11:19 a. m.; 1:49, 1:40,
6:03, 1:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. [April a. 1301. | Ban Francisco.
Week I -Sun- I ! I Son- I Week'
Days. I days. | Destination. | daya. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Nova to. 10:40 am 8:40 in
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
8:10 pm 8:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm <:20 pra
. Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:33 ana
5:00 pm Healdsburr. 10:40 am
Lytton.
GeyservUle.
1:30 pin 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm <:20 pra
7:30 am 5:00 pm Hopland. 10:40 am 10:23 am
3:30 pm 3:00 am and Uklah. 7:35 pm «:iO pra
7:30 am 10:40 am 10:23 am
1:00 am Guernsvllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm 8:00 pm 1:20 pra
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm S:I0 pra
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am|10:2S am
8:30 pml 8:00 pm[ SebastopoL | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pra
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Wesc
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fultoa
tor Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
GeyservUle for Skagga Springs; at Cloverdala
for the Geysers; 'at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carts-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vlcby Springs. Saratog*
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Lierley's. Bucknell'a.
Banhedrln Heights. HuUvlile. Orr*a Hot
Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg, West- -
port, Usal. Wllltts. Lay ton vine, Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris. Olaen's, uytT, ScotU
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rate*.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronic!*
building;
H. C WHITING. R. 3C. RYAN.
'Gen. Manager. Gen. Paaa. Agt.
Santa Fe
Trains— baiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local'
Dally Daily Dally Daily
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:13 p
" Merced... 12:35 p 1:17 p 1:30 a »:H p
"Fresno.... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a _.
, "Vlsalla.... 3:39 p 6:00 a
" Bakersfld. 6:1a p 6:20 p 7:45 a
•• Kan City 2:40 a 7:30 a '
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for af tern son.
>:C0 a. m. train la the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Can and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local firat-claa* passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train.
Corresponding train arrives at 7:05 a. m.
dally.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 13:.$
p. m. daUy.
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist 81eer>era aad
Free Reclining Chair Car* to Chicago: also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
dally.
7:29 a. m. Is Bakersfleid LocaL stopping
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. .Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
- Offices— 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco: 1113 Broadway. Oak-
land.
flOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave .Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive . -
« San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
9-30 A. 8:00a. -„* s^ mlBt u.«, u T *> !•«> *• **> A.
F*r», S*a fnaebn t» Summit tod iMn, II SO.
tv>k«toflc«, «a luunsTaxn wt sarauoo nut
THE WEEKLY GALL
Si per Year.
4344
. , ■ . . . . . ■ ■ • ■ ' - - - - - , • • • _, ,-,-■ ■•■"• " ."v ■■•■:■ ■ ' ".- i Hale's. ».•'.. '
; ' Hale'i.*" "--■•■* J | Hale's. j - _ ' Bale>a -_ . _.: _^_ T _^^_ _ _ j 1 1^1^,^- j 1-5 -^-^ :. , L-_ -^ ' ?f?^5 _ ... _ -* - '" -'>--- '~_ — — -— ~ — —
- 4 ' : - ' - — 1 — !■'•;'•. <■ '' : — ; ' ", ■ — i -^ — ]'"' '"■ i — : ' ' i — : — — ' ■-■,. r ~" ( 2§& '
// ifeF'/fai iWff L " "All- ready for the reapers— and the reapers are plenty. It's a grand sight— this: A store full of gifts— ar? to take care of those who are here. To fully accommodate all who want to come \P^ "%h"^^M^\
//'*m*^-ie&fe/M f ■ thoroughly ripened, values. -If we hadn't been at it twenty-five years arid were not buying at a stroke six times : %TLT^11l l/"^.^-^ r\' M A.»« D-V^-ii," C^m;^^. T*« 1 1 r(ii*lcftnfiC \\ » " 7«^\4-V'' V ''A *
/'t/^ f 7// f as much as the average concern (we buy for the six stores at a time) we'd never have such tempting otTers. Well mVeeO Upefl Jb VCrV DVCn I H 2T 1 .11 1 WliriSLmaS. V x '. Of \ > \\A \ V^Nfl
(L^^di 25t ° n !. bi8: ' «° n f ° r y T : bU i ng at . Hal !' s; Xt means g • . . We've arranged relieffso that the strain won't overtax any one and yet the store will be fully equipped at all 12{\ %ffefA \$'
'■ I WgMBBMm . Sfllff* KrOflfl iSfltl^fflCtOfV Chon^inO* times to meet the demands. . ; \\¥ x >^^^-
. *u~rJ^?WESffl " Ul UaU, VI1UUM11-< ■.-.;. Plenty for children to see in every part of the house-and they shouldn't miss any of it. V^ Z^^
J5& The fullest return for one's money; the quick righting of any wrong (real or fancied) and the freedom from ■ T.hp>cf> l^r» Hampc ffr»t» Qr §K
Js^*^S&y^'Jffl any fuss or worry V • " " f ncse IOC OaiTlCS TUP %J\Jm ■ • B\^y^~^i "^^7
'MS^^^a-' - We want you to know the store-how to enjoy it. We are not so anxious to get more folks here as we ; -^Shgtf Bicycfe™"' 8 Luck . Fofand clese '■ SSSJdT** Mounf the Donkey M^^Hf^fZ^H
&. .. T ° &ff ■ - ....... Redi White and Blue United Statei Mill . BS 'I <#?%**/
'""■"■ — — : — : 'f \ • *T*L« >^ *-*'*+. mm, >• #w *•» «^^i >%. /* iC/v^ O .-_ _. - Thev arc popular games and worth their full price, but we have reduced it to lend in- Mf * ~Tvs I
// *\£m ' V"€jse 5oe;ijames tor 30c. ° — —T. —^ z^^^^^^s^ #
WQijKj^^^^H Come 'in lithograph boxes 13^22 inches, and include _ Write Donai«'anH I ifiAti Ta17 RaaI/C A^ #/^* i4j i /
fa8?^a.iu,- i --saay-.' ■v-n.sa'o™- fe'^a^r— For Anything m this a<i. raper ana Linen loyDOOKspc. /( /WL^ / ;
•#v/ * li *J^JizMffl Vassar Boat Race blockade Runner Voyage to the Moon And many others. Or any of our advertisements— we try Picture, alphabet and story books irt a long range of styles. It's a tempting variety. / L //, />^«
M^ _. Games that sell regularly at soc will be on sale here after to-morrow at 38c. and have plenty of all we advertise.- We have marked them oc each. * B > ~* C-^)^ •*<£- / fcjr
«^y» #y dAME 8 OFAUTHOKS.,:5c-Al 8 o. Snap .'and DRAWINOTBACH^ c^-« -« w^- fTiUy r fi < li r e d d erS Wi " ** ifS^Jg and ski "- 25C kindS Of TOy BOOkS 15C. " *==^L/
i* F I^^ffi Y «y^eiJi1n^ wp0lWl^ chea P a .V. f these card8 ' Very — QuSy ordera from clubs, societies , Square, oblong and fancy shapes, all with attractive covers, bright and highly colored f^^S__
fflW^I "^JtSftSStfa***" S^lg g^^^.— are solicited B f Cover Boo^s ,0c. | f|| G f c Ot Story BcoK 49c. MffiJl Z&l
i < t -'*&Ct-<^ '< Bi going to sell lt tnis ween ror .. .. . ,8^x10% Inches, large clear typ« and a picture on Large thick book of short stories, well Ulnstrated. I2t B^rT^LX * ' I ATpMl
iubr t ,lt!=.\ { ?^ 'tf Crokino^e Boards T5c. Parlor Croquet 59c. j every paEe - A bls book for a fima11 rrIce - targe dear type and ciotu back. ffj^y -/»*
iSV^^Ow With a checker-board combination. K's strongly Suitable for dining-room table, enough for six play- (1 Ini/P (1 rHp r<l ! . '^ »- Big Letter fl B.C EooK 15c. Mother GoOSC's RhvmCS 75c fiV'V^A tfl
- made and^ well finished, full elxe (25 Inches). ers mallet and balls nicely striped. . VIUVG UrUttr* For home and school work, pretty lithograph eovei .'; u «w« s "\nymes COC. »£wV * <?-^l M/ !
Iv I l^S^r^ & nt^rltS»c91OS 91.40. ■ : ■ ' GESCHAFT S3c-A game of business transac- _ _'. .' : and cloth binding. Lithographed cover and colored frontispiece, calen- Bwy/*fL /'V .Sol
tin \{ t ' i^^ll PaSc^eIS 75'*- i ' 1 ' r * ys P°P ular - alway9 eDter " 8 j n j° re^ ln p _ ayed by 2 or 4 pe °P le - Instructlvo , For ChriSt ma«._ Holiday Story BOOR 25c. d « re< * «**« and well bound. The best edition there I*. Imh?Jj? JJ^SM
£fPQ / [vl^h^il/ of 60 games V* STT FOH THE -MTmTTI POT.T, 03c- Many folks are taking advantage of Christmas Gems, , Happy .Hour». Gem. from_StorJ. Saota ClaUS Story Boofc 83c. jF"^ V *"^ ic^/'A,n Iti
#tf^ / 'l^'P'i^Jff COJJtJil:S^rA- attest rarior amusement of the Urge board game. 16x22 Inches • A ilmple game ffelc- t*'« *U- kt=» !.,,„ ft XfvJ 3 nv *V an<» wany others. All large books cloth bound. Aesop's Fables. Chrl.tmas Joys. etc. An 8%xl0 Inch & *[{• f^S&r JMl
'i^f U^.]\iB St It^J well 9 Sade.-p^ltshed Sd varnished. for 2 or more people. Usually *1. We've marked these. It S the best way to give gloves, good paper and clear type, each one nicely Illustrated, cloth book. Titles in^ gold •mbosaed lettew. jf rf'^Sh^W
Everything; for the Baby Toys-— An Interesting List. Christmas Fans A=Plenty.
■ „■ ■ . t . ,, OT \ H \ AM w wa nr vou to think of Hale's x^Sfev'- ' * ' • ' T . Wc arc showi njf this holiday season a splendid variety of silk gauze fans.
Now is the time to think about the baby. We want you to tmnK oi _^^* ' -^ 4^ - j£? - re are so many of them and in such a variety of designs as to make choos-
at the same time. Our infant's wear, is always ready to m . eet JJ5 ltt f 0T * ht -=***>^ Jk 9/25 lng ? as - v and interestin*-and the result a most acceptable gift
every need, and do it with an assurance: that no more can begotten ior ><TT .._^T^^:- •-—^¥~S§li£^ ■ Le^ "s give you an idea of how the prices run:
SS tJe'^dd^^^a^ofSe^ngS ' /^^^^^W\ ' <^^^^& S^pS^^,In^ JSS&WWffi
A Baby's Coat for $1.75. •- -- v • , , ■ ne .£^f> e " Vf^ £S. B0 -& k -"f«SSS w*S2 w w h^
It is made of white Bedford cord. -has turn-down co lar law shoulder cape. V^P^^ J 0&<^fi]\/-- ' i^^S^HIr^^i^P ft?5 i^S'^STTticK 11 * 1 ** aU ° ver and s 4^r 1 S^^ w^^^ e | l H^^S.1&
nicelv trimmed with fancy silk ribbon and guimp, lined throughout with a \O7^ jCL^X ■. S^^S « h* 1 ,',! 5 -^,"*- 8pan " P^^^Vw^.^nrflote^Z: oS
good quality of sateen: Comes either Jong or short. . , .. . Shoeflies or. Double Rocking Horses, XJ^N^V, £^^*S^,^Si VKTo^r. SS S3WSS t iSa«£ t 8Uver 8paasle- "*
InF^ro^r?^h^d»^%iar^ Stron,^aS^^^ .re nicely and paln.d, Othlr. , SffiT^M %^ « " "SS^S^^MK
- Other new styles in cream Bedford cord, long and short coats, at $.1.00. .•_ r -_ -> - . ' -^K anKic^ taS&.S" a° S goodT«%'halr w^-v! inchc. fl w?d S /: 8 lnCh ? lonS> V * '• fanc^ halved bo'ni'sticks' • ipan « IeB aad :^"» ■ pinteT?5St-SS£tE with^Sirve'd
$3-50, $400, $450, $S-oo. . ■<^rM£T*'- ■ O^^s^ marked. 98c' . ; ' • . -•-,< Velocipedes, $1.75. . 6tlcka "
A Babv'S Silk Coat for $7«50. JO&ZZ^/ I a=s*9 '^— An lrcn: ' »teel -wheels; red or black enam- jvf • *+ •* • -w *
i^^^^^^s^St^i^stSn^ wSz^Wm s§s=Si||g^ "^s^ "- 1 " 6^; rlen's Smoking Jackets,
out with good quality French sateen. . Np^I&k \Ul 75* c \l^^li '^T^T^S. >7 Plus all the style we can put in them,
Infaots' Colored SilK Bonnets 50c. h'- s rf : n\ A-/, ; .:> 1 -^ 1 " . j'yay >ti^ minui the usual fancy profits.
Made of corded silk and neatly trimmed with a band^ fi of an J ur " ound - the ' J \\ V .. Iron Wheelbarrows, 75c. /j^'i!. This /is good news. Hale's methods make possible cozier, more comfort- 1
InfnnV? Coined^St Snn."t^tS • W mldet^^nt^a^^nt^^snown^n • ■ ZSfflS able house coats for^ the money this season than eVer. f ° rt .. t J
infaots Colored siiK Eonoets coc. . # picture. ,. 1>^7/Iktt^ —$4,95: Plain tricots, navv blue and wine 1
f. Made of corded silk, trimmed with band of fur, ribbon pompon and mink Printing Presses, 98c. . ffl V/Vy -fifi 2«?! P^rv Artl««A« M 1 i 1 1
Head, Valenciennes lace ruche. Colors tan. navy blue. • ah complete, even to the type. . Jw 1* A .J5L X ***% i ,. „ ff „ ftO T?/ 40 * anc y gOlfingS, plaid CUffS, POCketS, lapels.
Other styles fancy colored silk bonnets, $uoo, $1.25, $1.50, $1.75. $2.00. Washing Machines D8c Os'-Wi «. 1 , i ' 9 , , ft, ThOse i tw 2 values themselves are worth coming down to see. though we've
Infaots' $1.50 S 0 ort Skirts $1.00. one O fth. new ljZZ'1 .A^^K^t^^ 11^.^ "• doubl * O % S f ? ou t r ° sc $9 ca 4 r 5 lv foL'^^^0 h^f 1 d h^ nd3 r " V a^ S^ c3 •
Two styles, made of fine nainsook, with waist, skirt handsomely trimmed since last September, well made; an exact Others at f995> * 1248 and up ' i* early folks are going to get better choosin- than late folks.
8 inches up from bottom with rows of point de Paris lace and beading, fine model or the regular washer, a. the picture #P r^^^B^IS •- 1»5§) ffej»S^ll ! _r^^ ; — Mefl S HolldflV SllQnPtiHprc
tucks above. Other styles with flounce of deep embroidery and two clusters *how« it . IS^A^Sl ' » . fiC " 5 "lUIIUciy
of fine tucks above. Size 1 to 4 years. An extraordinary value. ■ Washing Sets, 19c. t «... • W nsju^- fflBpSlBBl I «S^^^^N.^\V ■} up rP- P rettv ' nerit boxes. They make the finest kinds of Christmas
1 f . . or r,, |Q P-.-K ' - Contains a stand, tub. wasiboard, wringer .Iron Toys, 25c. | IIMaBSBHi U I IV^^iX sjl B»ts. Prices Start at • ' •
•tP, Olips I»C cacn. . and clothes rack, all for 13c. Larger ones at Horses and carts fire engines, trucks, etc., VPm V\^^^\s=*V TgcPAIH— Very substantial webs, prettily trimmed.
Made of good soft cambric, neck and cuffs trimmed with lace. 2 jc, 43c. n.oo. nicely finished, an iron.. • x^^^V^''^ I OTHEBS AT 81. OO. up to $3.50, in a great variety of styles and trimmings.
Infants' Crocheted Silk- Caps $1.00. . - 5 ?a U nd r lf h r K r h°a h s c^ on toys> lc> 49c> "* ■ HHH f ■■f^T^A IT* T 8te _ r " n<fO>uc " e8 are e " 5 . ravcd free ° f chare " e -
Good quality silk. Colors oink. blue, white and red. Sizes 1, 2, 3. • /ji!||||l!»i.,,.,.. .,,uHHHfe\ ' - Mechanical Trains, 49c K^^S II /v4jS^TTf MCflS HanflKPrrniPf Tpmnflfin Va!ffQC
Size 2, $I.IO; size 3. $1.20. " ' -'. AliLL-o" VvS?^ fcgfl4 k Four coaches.: two ilat caw. a locomoUve and BBS<00«I11 //^^N// IT »V 11^ ■ ■« II U I\CI t^ll ICI 3 I CI 1 1 |J LI 1 1 L| TdlUcSa
Lepglo Drawers 50c. ■•;■..;.. J^^^V^-^g^^ te S^er mec O h n ai«ca1 l Va O in 8 a wi°th S • • < >^- XV JnponetJsHk initial, 8 Xc. - Fine lawn. 16*Ac.
*6f heavy soft yarn, in white and black. ' .,..,' . f^^V trac ' :S> 'r^^w^nr^ R ftv y/7Vv dllHith, 25c. _ , Silk, handsomely initialed, 5 0c
■ ' •■■•■■■. ■ . ■ ■ ■ [^ WT^ Vr/v7 „« ? 7^ ' ' ? v.7 ;. » f% - '^- \ -■// : /\s ■' Male's is^ better place than ever to buy handkerchiefs--so many of them
' j^-a' ' w%» Ad. <d§!) ' ■■ • X <a> / : 7 ... ii?^t^2^V^r3S3l^ < lSK"^5tar mt - MV J v;'fc . ;• J/ .^ arid.theyareSOBOod . so reasonably.priced.^ We've been in the^handkeS
*^^ S^B r' mV Klfl^ "^^ » '■".„ c ==5 :=: _r ' - "•-. J •• ! I* ■ ; business 25 years and we buy for six stores at a time,- so we ousht to be rnas-
/iS M^" 5^£1 rS?^ 11* j^5?^ffic??5>>». Iron TJ^Taffons SI 10 *?/i^ ' ' '" : «t'u ■ - * ■• ters 01 nandkcrcnief values. ■ » .- - •■ - • ■
/^k V& *98t /W^%k , «E --•---' '""* : "°" ! "°° f^^^^^P a^SSs 2 ''" h " "* Men's BlackSilk Reefers $1 and $J.5O Each
fj|f ' \ ■ T% / mj° T 5j| - f^f-^ ...s /l^=^ Desk, $1.25. Qf surah silic, the usual length. 54 inches, but in two widths— 20 inches. $1.00;
■^^ a. .^^^ : 7 '^^^^ Hh^B:'^^ S^^ftSB ' Oiii pure Dresser Scarfs i g^f
r r» 7 I.J io^r '•-'-'. ' • /&L>^^^^Rs^^ Bissell Carpet Sweeper, 18c. ~2^5*;^> For Christmas selling. This is fine. The scarfs were in high favor even ar
• iiOTilz 21-71117 fc .OLe Uff-ruigs • ' JQ^^pJW if« a splendid toy; has rubber rollers and a /TY>- former prices. So who can foresee the commotion these reduced prices are
In Watches and Jewelry <*«^PW ,'22^^^'^ l^f?^||i
■ -Firs- Thelownessofthepric-* U-Inch Locomotiv., ?X.23. " i Saratoga Trunks, 98c.' M a^c Lanterns, 98c They are all white, open, work and prettily embroidered.
: -.v« ored ; M ,. 0 /,^^ f . -. • : . .: ? t^ iJJiJSSA iSSs j ssSSSS^ " : « S«^«M , Sofa Pillows Complete $1.57. >
Here S a" combination you Can.t resist Beautiful gold-plated Cravat pins and Is practically non-breakable: will last for . other trunks In a groat variety of shapes and We've ten other different styles and makes ICO more of them "ready for selling to-morrow mornine Thev have hMrrtl -
(scores of styles) $1.50 each, or new style snake bracelets -(sterling silver) 50c. years; u inches long. 7 inches high. ■••<. - ; finish. 23c. 49c. 75c. 80c, Q8c. u P to $g.oo. from which to .elect. -49c to J15 . . ful lithograph tops, finished with cord and tassel The back fa offanS 9 S ?iS"
Then there are brooches. earnnKS. # watches and such like* in a; long- line of . • »'w » ■ - . * i TtZ+mmr /wT • j '■ ' — « inc The mateml itself would" cnit $t ct ... r . wnqr aiT tlcJC "
as^^^fe^^j^g^^lf ■ • Women's; $15.00 Suits at $8.75. R^fflSS^I^^^i^
Just as'.Good as they are Stylish. , biggest surprise of all. •- - ■jixa&g'i^
See the. pictures .above.. Read the description here: • • , - . - ' 82 Just in frcm New York by express- no suits could be newer or prettier— and for half money! SiSSy^Strty« wTth 5iTir«S Srt^i^^^ 6 .S? 1 °» *^
*m8^tt3^'J&l& 't5^?' jmSFWS?- tJS-°SS?3 Aren't we lurkv? Wll share our luck with you • . ■ J — ! .-, ■• :,. _ >\
ca««. set with jewels. Elgin movement. <Joub- back. Guaranteed to slve good satisfaction. , Arent We lUUy. ..VVtU BUdlC.UUl 1ULK WILU yuu. ; st?W^\ ' /V TW^ >7[k JyM. L^T^\ (PI lr
'H^Ll"';^ "1™ r'T '^SSSli^'l^lh^J'lSa* fir We showed them t0 a c^ taiIor wh0 >»PP«i«i t0 b =. h «e when they came in. - He said l^^} : /^\^^/><^Mm^ I E
.WV^M? -H^^S: iS«i e NGS. sais paxb-^u. ...a. .. ' that the materials alone : would ; cost^e.ght dollars and. seventy-five cents. "Why, look at that . •IPtf^ M^ \M a^^^W^ 5^
%.„, =«,. Ti....b 1 » tI mo™i1i?%i, „„«„: kSX* ( ; ( 4S tl ° 1 ». n ™p' 1 !'r5W™™M M 'i» styl«." said he J its- the very, latest- thing; and the careful . tailoring" (for he tried to find fault . %JlgL- -^U— -fV^^P^ I «♦*? «=-•--:». ;
flitea*™ from * M> J2500 -: Bllver " d * oW ; • iSp^ts'^hect'ctaxh S3 so- with it—^ n^ couldn 0- "Jj beats an y thin g I ever .saw," was his decision. : : ' ■ iOFv^ fe /^^^^IL*^ \ •
s^ a^nlr L ii'L s - 3 ewe ) iS-^d. utest link^cufp bttptons si 75 pair ' Factsare; they wouldn't be. such fine suits if they came from a way-up maker, and '1 J. ', (^Ljf| Vf^l sS,^Jr
got!tj"stick 5 pt-n-s.-.si.50 each- drxLDlEirs binos «i oo-set with wouldn't be so stylish if we hadn t bought the cloth first and told him how we wanted suits made. ; - ™ -^^^ . £±^±f£' zsf
Bolld gold, some with ,»ettta«». others plain. . t»ir<ruoise. garnet, pearls or rubies. Solid ■«»' • •-» j* I — • 1 Tf «.^c ♦!,-» «r i.i • •'" ' * • " J'^a-
a large assortment. .; „ g O id. aii sizes. W/Am^n'Q Co^ltQ /$S^*^3 lt: xvas the end ofthe season r^ jj rr « • &M ,
W^iL. Jy ..^ A ,:.' . w Tnd" R s AP , oals JH|4'- for him. He wanted to thank us Pretty Handkerchiefs
«er^ S^r £«^.r, Kodak- AlbUITIS. - -7-on *.«.,*» Coa.s «5_^rfA *7.5fl. f ° r tHe buSineSS We had " " " ™ 'BUNDANCE.
C)CIS5OrS OOC: , The cutest, cleverest books of the ~ Thr "tToT * erseyC ' mts * 12J5 ~ ' T\ ' . given him. So it IS you get at " Temptingly pretty-temptinsly priced. More so now than ever. We are
v ' .. w/rt-ji, ci kind we hav^ «#.^n worth $20. . ' \ f» i * o "" st > enthusiastic over them we ve printed pictures here of a few stvl« anri th» r V
V^^^^.. Worth $|. kind we ha ve seea oc .^-^ • -Long-flowing Wraps $WJ5-"Duchess" ; :, Eiqht-SeVentV-FlVe description of many more. :-• P - . s nere °^ few styles and the ? k,
/^C^f^^^^V They are just LEATHER COV- — ram-proof. , , • :_ V^W/'/bL^*^"^ \ c •" v Women's. * T- " 75c— '.
' /4r\^V^j£A^ as Pretty as EES-48 pages. 5 Not out of anything— nnd still we' "■ /*""^' WvF " '" J txpect to Pay Fifteen iz^c^- de'red 0 scki^rt « em '" tC K hlI i5' e ?br<>«-
ff'^8fmk-tt'"'*tt. ./^fiharAWitt can', g« enousl, Stocks come and « ...* /Tp^£ VrT%. . B ., r. . Dollars for. gg ■ jl^^uffi IS JSTBaff®' 8&SRffiSfflSS
- rH ■ tft^S m^^^,R? .work. We i fcJS %'t strikingly burnt. «?nn in keen ud with Vo'j Even then / /\ 1 / bargain than the price, though the price 15c- .■ -- fljss-
\W^O^ Sfe^^w 0 ! Mim^ 4 J§VE m E?-S rou'-bou^^Tor^VVfeTu^ . / /Xi^ I // ' grade or all- * &S^u«^ fc T&S=S d fic.^^S ift^S^ ffg
■^SjPT-.!&&.d PT 1 V Sn • ' You°like W^ f V^/M f 8S> S {S^^JSa-SW S
STEBLINO SILVEairEAiTfi^rv 5 - AutOffraDh Albums catching trout. Same with coats. „. ; .A/. ; tf >' A.'-sho5f to -Jhl. iiluSSttoS if. the - 2 au" imen handkerchief «,»• Sloped: 9 {Wffi ta * faacy box '
S^th oF^tthf St 8 mSef EABTS ' 1OC " .^"^T^i!" AIDUmS. $7.50 Kersey BOX Coat« at 95.OO— . .- / / | ■' season's latest and most popular hit!" V otlwm hemstnched and mjjroW e^: •U *Air linen, himstltehed. with hand embrol-
-s^^i.^ife!^^ S S^^ O S SS '^S^S^^^^i— -v-; > Si I^^^^^SI ISS^^S^^
O ' - '- ■• tions and in all sorts of shapes. Clever- J^ «oo <>O Tkree-Quarter Coat at " V ' - }■■■■ '•' . J'^^ t l 6 r f S V # '^Timen. with .iw.' insertion and **. bor- ", *i5 O iiS^ < &titeh««. with hand . embroi-
°T TTTTrrTrrT ~9 tst oi them all is perhaps this • The $20.00 TMee-«Uarter Coat at ..: r V I ,-: Ot all-WOOl pebble cheviot: tight fitting. ders: others trimmed with lace footing edged dered Initials Jnside an embroldefA^^Sth
- Free Art bCnOOl a bUCCeSS ' DIAMOND-SHAPED ONE T5e-With .912.75— Has caught. ,mofit-' women's:; , ; ;,, .; I- .. : . •r c^W«jJ» r «J"i«*-_iJ?g ; ««..-« v «;« *£?"*.• ,;withW andhavins !.« i n «rttoa m tor- Putup six in a fancy box for n.50 «2*i
. Free lemons bein«: e iven daily in . g«Sffi r Wve sold more, of -them this ; ||g | g | g |?fflB^?fffit^£ |fe - -- ■—:.:. rMMn^^o
•making paper ncn:elties. leather q uaiit/ of piper -" .sea'son than any other. . 'Fine kersey. ;. .. | ' edges; Velvet ■■• collar;, iraduated flourice : aij imen. some scalloped: others .hem- Children's.
■burning and in -fancy, needle' and 2r>c-FANCY,AtiBUM-Celluloid cover ' elegantly 1 tailored; new-Hans-ahd cas- • > ' :\ I \ j .V . ■• I K. \ : . eklrt. ; Black, vbrown and colors. ,> • ;;;.:»^td a wfth"wl?d^wrU O rk he Sr5S" 1 coioted B( D ord"er hemstitrh^ i. « *
J[one. I»O tuition charge. 5^L orM celluloid cover. beautifully .-° , - -!t g r t.^w« tV,J Jr««f ' >^l/- f H\K >v Cheviot; blouse Jacket : taffeta lined, and - .tar-shaped with Valenciennes lace «nd m- Colored borders, hemstitched with colors
O-. O lithographed. y inlaid with velvet: down i the front are ■ y< > X l< tY\ : \ trimmed with broad bands of stitched. sertlon. . . : Initial in corner; rut un j in » hn« 2^
0 q r~-T PW *&Bf — o broad kersey straps; cufcs, straps and /\ I '..|.\^ »\ taffeta; finished with silk braid," stitched ' «-.'• -r:^;,^.:, . II p n a rancy box -
MarKct &m^ Jffl &* MarK-t collar stitched_ • / 'J7 \^| V\^/ tri^med^ma^chthe' jack a e^ ated ; *^ T l' °~" ° f£Lj£@[JM/ HM &. °~~~ °/
JT 0211 " A$Br /k&i J*~ ■ • Golden some are partly fitted; others are snugly : - V f j**-' - Russian 'blouse* Jacket, tailor stltchfnjr ' NwJU* MB* ftftfU Jj~j **^ . r ij
Stxth. *&* GtttC AVC shaped at . the back; flowing iileeves; ; X / ' . down the front; velvet collar and belt- tfrtli /$8M * Ba Z*£?~ mm ' QOlOCn
X ' '^^^fJFQD €tOOO&*<^ 1 turn-back cuffs; slashed up andl down >*^ _ / lined with taffeta; skirt has a deep flow- aa!IU Z£* (iQODSl*^ ■* Gate Avc.
w w mM — — "^ ' O O pockets-best of all, rain proof. .. *N^_7- ". ing flounce, finished with tailor atltchlBi O— — — O *^ >^^^ ww^^r I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DE CEHBER 8, 1901