/S hypnotism to be part and
parcel of medical practice?
Judging from zt'hat some of
the doctors say, it is so useful an
aid to medicine that zve may expect
to see it in the near future
packed away hi every neatly mono
grammed black leather case that
accompanies a frock coat.
Judging from what others of the
doctors say, it> is all one with
quackery, with foolery, with fak-
Dr. Q. J. Fitzgibbon.
Dr. C. Kenz.
Dr. C. C. Kenyon.
Dr. F. "W. D'Evelyn.
Dr. George F. Shiels. "\
It is only the effort to reduce results to a scien
tific causation that has attracted so much atten
tion to the psychical condition of hypnosis. That
this power should have not only a # significance
but utility is not an illogical conclusion, arid any
Hypnotism will never take the place of
an anesthetic. I have not taken much In
terest in it because I do no»think It is of
any' benefit' In therapeutics, except In
cases of nervousness or hysteria. . The
immense amount of time it takes to treat
by hypnotic influence is one thing against
it, and its limitations are another.
Dr. J. "W. Thorn.
Hypnotism exists and has always done
bo. It is coeval with man and the evolu
tion of the higher animal forms, as l\ is
rot either in its presence or phenomena
eciely confined to the former. The weird
influence of the Hindoo fakir o\'er the
eerpent of the field, or in turn, the subtle
fascination of the reptile over Its para
lyzed prey, are in fact based upon the
same principle as the experiments of a
Paracelsus or a Charcot— viz., the elimina
tion and concentration of a force or in
fluence which pervades life, creating an
atmosphere of reflexodism— as palpable as
It is universal.
;It is! a 'very dangerous force, and I do
net approve of its use cither by physicians
or. any one else. When put to -legitimate
purpose . it Is not of • any., great''"* benefit
either, in medicine; or surgery.. It" could
not possibly take the place of an-anes
thetic, ¦ although It has ; been substituted
for it in mild 'operations -where the pain
would not, even ' were \ the .patient con
scious, De very severe.
[stsrlng Intently': at their reflection- In a
i mirror. These cases surely are paralleled:
?by a large and not unfamiliar : class,. who
so persistently see "self '%— ever-reflected
self— that they finally, rest in the calm and
peaceful- hypnosis — that -amidst all- mun
dane phenomena they are ever IT. Would
it not be cruel to awake them?
The use. of hypnotism Is riot a matter of
indifference and demands the same -pre
cautions as would '.!¦ be : employed in the
therapeusis of any potent agent. It is in
teresting to. note a certain phase of auto-
Infection— of a consolatory- and flattering
'character— not'infrequently found in will
ingly hypnotized patients, viz., a power to
produce the : hypnotic- state simply by
¦^-•y/v-T" r :.~.~ ¦?:<:*;.: j, ¦"••'* •¦:¦ ¦ ••¦¦•¦•¦-¦¦< ¦ ... ¦
the; '"weak-minded", that are amenable;
¦on' theicontrary, .the mentally strong — pro^
• ' vlded -they ¦ are -passive— often" afford the
most profound 'results.- ?; ';'
. i Children iare '¦¦ of ten beneficially treated,
not <by\ the method . of , direct suggestion,
whichin children is apt to produce a feel
•Ing 'of .awe j or ' fear, akin I to 'that begotten
by. the; mention of a bogyman, but by con
centration of the > mind upon some ' phy
sical "exercise which throws Into- activity
the set ; bf organs— contrary to those eni-'
ployed in produclpg the 1 morbid phe
nomena. ' .. , , - . . .
In • true organic . , disease Its
power would essentially be lim-
Hed"to the modification of cer-.
tain symptoms . associated
therewith, e. g.jhraln, sleepless
ness," fear. '¦ All persons are not
equally.; susceptible,- nor must
it be concluded that it is "only
Hypnotism has been success
fully employed;as a '''/medicinal
agent," but its field, probably
for the reason above stated, Is
at present limited.' If we should
define a class of maladies, in
which j it .has • proved and will
likely prove most valuable, we
should say. It- will , be- that of
functional ¦ nervous diseases.' • ' J
f all „".-£ should j probably be at
tributed to. our faulty, interpre
tation rather than to > lack -of
functional'activlty upon part of
the force or bower. • ' ' ; . '¦'.'•*•
I have used hypnotism a great deal In
my. practice, and yet I consider Its use
very limited, almost entirely to nervous
and hysterlcalpatlents, and I do not think
it' possible for it to ever take the place
of an anesthetic because of the length of
time it requires, - and also because some
are not susceptible to its influence.' No
one knows what type of person is the
most susceptible, as opposites in charac
teristics and temperament prove both sus
ceptible and resistant. »I have used hyp
notism on nearly, a hundred patients, but
it only after all supplemented In a smaller
degree medicine. \lt cannot touch organic
trouble, and the length of time consumed
in' hypnotizing a patient is a great draw
back.; I do not thlnkthe morphine' habit
can be cured by it; ••"',. . ,' ,--C-' :
Dr. A. A. D'Ancona.
The salaries of lawmakers In many
parts of Europe seem trifling, according to
American standards. In- London, for in
*stance, there are 150 members in the upper
and 250 in the lower branch. The former
get no pay at all and the latter but*$300
a And if any session lasts lonser
than four months they are paid at the rate
of $2 GO a day additional. The Parliament
of Holland. comprises 150 members in two
-houses.. Members of the Upper House re
ceive 54 a day and of the second body $300
a year and mileage. Parliament of
Holland costs $300,000 a year.
The most ; scantily paid of \ any of the
regularly salaried lawmakers are those
of Austria. There are two legislative
bodies for Aastria, one meeting in Vienna
and -one in : Budapest. The total cost is
$SOO,000 a year. An Austrian law provides
that the members receive 10 florins.' of J2 a
THE most expensive Parliament la
Europe is that of France, which
costs $1,500,000 a year. The French
people are very well represented.
There are 300 Senators and 5S4 Deputies, a
total in excess of £00. Each 'receives a sal
ary of S1S00 a year.
In the United States the ninety Senators
and 3G0 Congressmen are paid $2,500,000 In
salaries.
The members of the British Parliament
serve without salary. The incidental ex
penses of this body last "year were but
$260,000. The German Reichstag, with its
two branches, costs the voters on an aver
age S1C0.C00 a year.
Russia has no Parliament in the Amer
ican or French sense, ao that this item is
entirely saved. The legislators In the
Italian Parliament receive no salaries, but
have free transportation on railroads. The
cost of the Italian Parliament last year,
nevertheless, was $420,000., ' ' : /,"/•'; . •
LAWMAKERS AND
THEIR PAY.
The evil that could be done with the
aid of hypnotism Is practically unllmlte-i
and the good eo very limited that on the
whole it should better be frowned upon
by all, including the medical profession.
I have never tried to hypnotize any one,
though I have seen something of It. It is
not to be depended on and there Is very
little to recommend it.
Its use is so limited, almost entirely to
hysterical patients, and it might assist in
nervous trouble. It has no curative qual
ities, and I do not think it has made much
progress or headway.
I do not favor hypnotism. It is a bad
agent in the hands of unprincipled per
sons, and I think the majority of physi
cians in good standing disapprove of It.
I know there are some good physicians
¦who favor its use, but they are the ex
ception that prove the rule to the con
trary.
Hypnotism! Why, I really never tried
it, and have not even seen much of it, so
my opinion on It would not amount to
anything. Of course, there Is such a
thing, but I always feel like classing it
with the work of mediums and clairvoy
ants. It is so associated In my mind,
though some physicians approve of it. I
do not think the majority favor it. Hys
terical patients are about the only class
benefited by it.
Dr. Louis Bazet
In some of the Eastern cities of
our own United States it is being
used in the medical colleges Tlnd in
the hospitals. The San Francisco
colleges and hospitals have not as
yet adopted 1 it, although some of
our physicians are using it in Their
individual work. What somt of
tlie representative doctors think of I
the zvhole thing is here given,
i
Judging from what all of them
say, its use, if it have any, is
greatest in the curing of nervous
diseases. . ,.
In Russia a law has been passed
making it a criminal offense to hyp
notize or to be an accomplice, aider
or abettor in hypnotism. Itsad
lisability is being questioned in
France, and the questioning may
end with its being made illegal
there.
ery. It is not reputable enough- to
be considered by any physician.
It is, already used to a great extent in
Germany,' but physicians are divided in
their opinions, some disapproving strong
ly of it. while others find it a great aid in
the practice of medicine.
Suggestion is a great aid, to. physicians,
but its,, drawback is the length of time re
quired; Some people are very slow" to
come under Its Influence. '
It* repeated use does not weaken the
Intellect as some suppose; on the contrary
in ' the two hypnosis schools of France
they claim It strengthens one mentally,
f I have used hypnotism to advantage in
my own family, curing, after a few treat
ments, my little boy of biting his finger
nails. Now any one who has a child with
this habit, that sometimes clings through
life, will realize how almost r wonderful
euch a sudden cure Is. .
, >To my mind Christian Science Is nothing
more^than mild hypnotism. The diseases
that I they ! cure can always be cured -. by
hypnotism'. But neither Christian Science
nor hypnotism can cure organic trouble or
malignant 'diseases..-* _ _
It could not, perhaps, cure an organic
disease, but it. would be anv assistance In
the treatrasnt.
Of course, anything in" excess -- Is bad,
medicine of any kind or morphine, but
hypnotism . cannot possibly hurt the pa
tient 4nd really strengthens him mentally.
I -'havexured cocaine. and morphine fiends
and also the.- alcohol habit, and have used
it to advantage In la grippe and accouche
ment, while' I find it of great value in
nervous trouble. ". . .
It 13 surprising the number of peoplo
who have absolutely nothing the matter
with them and yet think that they are
seriously sick. Nothing a physician can
say to the contrary will disabuse their
minds of the idea. For this class of pa
tients hypnotism is a "very good thing;
outside of such it is of little use. For
genuine sickness or ailments, such as con
stitute the great majority of every phy
slclan's practice. It is practically useless.
I favor hypnotism to,sqme extent, .but
Its 'reach is so limited that It really
amounts to little or nothing In therapeu
tics. It can never take the place of an
anesthetic. It is good In imaginary dis
eases, and may assist in functional trou
bles, L~ut could never be of the slightest
use in organic diseases.
less dpos some good In cases of morphine
and alcoholic habit, but with few great
exceptions its benefits are only temporary,
and as any one with ordinary intellect and
perseverance can learn to hypnotize there
is practically no way of controlling Its
use. The charlatan can use it as well as
theohyslclan.
It Is a terrible thing to subject children
to treatment* under hypnotic influence or
"suggestion" either for their ailmenta or
behavior. Each one of us Is endowed with
a free will, and we 'are responsible for our
own actions, and I do not believe any one
should take the Individuality from an
other.
I approve of it neither In science nor
as a parlor pastime.
not think u can re£ch such, but in func
tional complaints and nervousness I have,
had very good results.
In my own opinion It cannot hurt tha
patient mentally or physically and is per
manent In Its good results.
I had one case — a little boy— whose
mother wa3 heartbroken that her son
should be a thief and a liar. This boy was
hypnotized and I commenced treatment,
which after a few repetitions resulted in
the reformation of this child with crim
inal tendencies. JHls Improvement was no
ticeable at # -er one treatment, and after
five or six he was a changed boy, obedi
ent, honest and considerate. Imagine his
mother's satisfaction at this metamorpho
sis!
MAGAznvff -SECTION
It is claimed the British army surgeons
In India have used It In amputations, but
those are the only operations of that na
ture reported. For the few good things
It can be used there are many bad ones,
and the evil far outweighs the good.
It is certainly very Interesting as a
psychological phenomenon. .1 have even
seen Charcot, the celebrated hypnotist of
Paris, make patients change (or apparent
ly do so) complaints. But I object strong
ly to the subservience of a person's in
dividuality, even though it is for that per
son's immediate Dhyslcal benefit. It doubt-
There are so few things in which It can
be used with efficacy. I really care very
little for it, and outside of hysterical pa
tients do not think It will ever be used
by physicians to any extent.
Dr. Beatrice M. Hinckle.
I consider hypnotism of great benefit
and have used it frequently. I use It
wherever practicable In nervous and func
tional trouble, but have also found It of
great assistance In ac
couchement cases. - 1 have
' never treated a patient for
the morphine ' habit except
tonce, a woman at the Jail
who was suffering torture,
and she was soon quieted
by the hanmotle treatment.
I have been' able to hyp
notize patients quite read
ily, usually In a few min
utes, although some require
I considerable time and pa
,--'.; tlence. I do not use it at all
in organic trouble, for I do
day.
THE USE OF HYPNOTISM
IN MEDICINE
SUNDAY
CALLCharity's argument la short, but It has a
Ions reach.
made: '• , • • ' '.
James' Bowie was engaged in the pur-
COLONEL JAMES BOWIE AND HIS KNIFE THAT NEVER "MISSED FIRE"
present The fight began with pistols. One
of. Bowie's missed fire, while both of
Wright's bullets took effect upon his an
tagonist. ,'
Thinking he had Bowie at his mercy,
Norrisl;W right sprang upon him. 'In. a
moment Bowie had drawn his deadly
knife, and though two or three of Wright's
friends were shooting a\, him and hitting
him, too, Bowie made one awful slash at
Wright's neck. The keen steel hit" Into
the very neck bone. The blood shot. out
over Bowie, and Norris .Wright was dead
before : he touched the' ground.
Seriously wounded himself, it was for
some time ." a very doubtful question
whether or, not he would 'ever get well.
But youth, a temperate life; and an excel
lent ¦ constitution finally brought him
around, and in a year from that 'time he
killed General Craln with the same knife
he had. used in -his first encounter.^ "The
knife doesn't miss fire," he said to an inti
mate friend, : Mr. Bynum of. the parish of
Rapldes; "the pistol does." This, "of
course, wa3 long before the p|rfection of
the percussion cap or the invention of the
Colt's revolver, the' first revolver ever
chase and contest of claims for great
tracts of land that had been grants made
by the French crown. When Louisiana,
was ceded to the United States and fin
ally became a State there was a good deal
of trouble on this account over some of
the titles to land along Red River and its
tributaries. A man often had to fight for
his plantation, as frequently he would net
give it up to somebody with an old French
or Spanish' grant It was^ in these con- .
tests that James Bowie did the most of
his kilUns. He had sixteen lives on- his
hands from the use of that one bloody
knife. After much consideration he had
made a knife that has been the model and
pattern for all the real bowie knives that
ever had the sanction of their originator.
In 1835 Colonel Bowie sold his Louisiana
property and went to Texas. The Lone
Star State was in the throes of a bloody
revolution. The gallant resistance of the
•Texans so exasperated General Santa
¦ Ana,. who was chief in command of the
Mexican forces, that he swore he would
take no more prisoners. When Bowie ar
rived in Texas and 'offered his services
to the young republic, he was at once
made ¦ a 'colonel of riflemen in the army
of Texas. \ .."
¦ ' ' ' ¦.• V •
In January, 1S36, Colonel Bowie was or
dered to San Antonio de Bexar to- assi>t
in holding that place against Santa Ana's
coming 1 forces. The siege ran along until
March, when San Antonio, trusting in the
pledged word of honor of Santa Ana. with
a starved-out garrison, surrendered. A
general massacre took place. Travis,
Crockett and Bowie were murdered In
cold blood, a stain on General Santa- Ana's
memory that time can never blot out.
Colonel Bowie was badly wounded three
times, and was in a room of the main
work of the place called the Alamo. He
opposed the surrender as long as was pos
sible. • .
He was lying on his bed when he heard
the triumphant Mexicans coming In. It
was the first hint he had had of the sur
render. He knew his life was ended. He
could, however, move about a little. The
instant the Mexicans came into the room
they began shooting at him.' He grasped
his knife and leaped among them like an
enraged tiger. And when the firing ended
six of his enemies had crossed the, Styx
with James Bowie and gone with him to
the shades.
The knife was fitted with' a wooden scab
bard, covered with leather* and was sharp
enough to shave the hair off the back of
one's hand. ' This was the original bowlo
knife, though.lt was somewhat modified
subsequently in shape. ', 'Bowie, : whll6 a
student In New Orleans, had studied other
''-:'.'[ . - •->. -rgSEJfiESB&BSSBtaSi
when it ought not. to. Bowie determined
to rely upon a knife he-had caused to be
made for' just such a contingency.. He
had taken a 14-inch long file, such as was
then used to sharpen crosscut saws and
the upright saws used for 'turning out
planks from logs. He had the file marks
carefully ground . off \ the file and the
smooth piece of steel skillfully . reduced
by the grindstone until it was about the
thickness and weight he desired. Then
he took it to a Spaniard in New Orleans
known as "Pedro, the skilled cutler," a
man who had learned his art In Toledo,
where the finest sword blades in all Spain
were forged. He tempered and finished
the knife, fitted it with a crosspiece and
haft. When it was done James Bowie had
a weapon "fit to fight for a man's life
with," as he said to Governor Wells.; It
was beautifully balanced, and the artist
had hollow-ground it like a razor, with a
double edge for three or four inches from
the point.
things besides the humanities, as the dead
languages of Greece and Rome were then
called. By accident. he found in his fenc
ing master a man who could not only, use
the sword, but was a master in the use
of the cuchlllo. the Spanish fighting knife,
a weapon not unlike the bowled Our
young student entered enthusiastically
into the training and science of old Spain
In that ( natlon's once, national ' .weapon.
And so he was much* better equipped for
the deadly fight that was so near at hand.
Natchez Island, where the fight was to
be, ' was "midway between the Louisiana
and Mississippi shores of the great Father
"of .Waters. Therefore it was a favorite
meeting place / for gentlemen who had to
adjust affairs that might have a fatal end
ing, as the authorities of neither, State
could interfere. "I stayed all night with
James Bowie," said a mend of his who
died over twenty years ago. In his nine
tieth year. "On the night before the fight
was to take place I never saw a man sleep
more soundly. than he did, nor eat. a bet
ter breakfast the next morning."
It was understood that each of the prin
cipals v should have but one friend, and
certainly; not more 'than- two, on' the
ground. But Mr. Wright had five or six
gallantly died under shield before Troy
the least known of them all and yet in
many respects the greatest was James
Bowie, famous only by reason of the
v/orld-renowned knife called by his name.
A few words touching his ancestry may
not be out of place. He was not from
Maryland, as has been stated, but was
born In Burke County, Ga., in 17D0. In 1802
his father emigrated to Louisiana. .
That country was then still under
French domination. There had been large
tracts of land granted by 'the French
crown in the territory named for Louis
XIV. and one of these, in the parish of
Catahoula. was acquired by the elder
B,owie. He was a man of substance, own
ing nearly 100 slaves. He soon had his
estate -well opened out and was growing
superb crops of cotton and corn. His ; sori
Jame3 he sent first to a- famous private
school at Natchez, Miss., and afterward
to the Jesuit college, then located in New
Orleans.
Jarats Bowie in 1827 was challenged to
a duel with Norrls "Wright. -The pocket
pistols of that day were uncertain. It
was long before the percussion cap had
been brought into common use, and the
flintlock arm v/as i the .only , firearm
known, g It was liable to miss fire just
THERE are men who seem especially
created to fill a certain place in the
affairs of their time. This fcas been
particularly true in American his
tcry. The man that in the storm
and stress of the, period was most needed
has always come to the fore at the su
preme moment. If ever this was demon
strated by circumstances it was in the
early history of the Texas republic— that
eiorm-born State evoked from the local
/•evolution of 1835.
In his remarks concerning the early his
tory of Texas that President McKlnley
xnade in his recent tour he referred most
felicitously, though briefly, to the four
men who, under Providence, had been
most prominent in the early days, when
the greatest State fn the Union In the
matter cf territory was a young and
struggling republic— Houston, Travis,
Crockett and Bowie. Ke spoke on classic
eround, too. for it was at the Alamo,
where he then stood, that three of the
four crowned with their lives, their devo
tion to the young State, whose founda
tions they had laid deep and wide, and
sanctified it3 cornerstone with the seal of
their Llocd.
Of this CTOup of heroes as worthy of
place in sons and story ca any who so
BIRDS THAT BIND
THEIR OWN
WOUNDS.
YOU are not accustomed to think
of birds as surgeons, but It Is true
that the woodcock, the partridge
and some other birds are able to
dress their wounds with consider
able skill. A French naturalist says that
on several occasions he has killed wood
cccks that were when shot convalescing
from wounds previously received. In
every instance he found the old Injury
neatly dressed with down, plucked from,
the stem of feathers, and skillfully ar
ranged over the wound, evidently by the
long beak of the bird. In some Instances
a solid plaster was thus formed and In
others ligatures had been applied to
wounded or broken limbs.
One day he killed a bird that evidently
had been severely wounded at some re»
cent period. The wound was covered and
piotected by a sort of network of feath
ers, which had been plucked by the bird
from its own body and so arranged as to
fcrro a plaster completely covering: and
protecting the wounded surface. It had
evidently acted as hemostatic in the first
place and subsequently as a shield cover
ing the wound. The feathers were fairly
netted together, passing alternately under
and above each other, and forming a
textile fabric of great protective power.
Birds are often found whose limbs have
been broken by shot, with the fractured
ends neatly joined and ligated. AT.
Dumonteil tells of a woodcock that had
been shot by a sportsman on the after
noon of a certain day. After a long
search the bird was given up, but It was
discovered the next morning by an acci
dent. In the meantime the wounded legs
were found to* be neatly ligated, an ex
quisitely neat blindage having been placed
around each wounded limb. The poor
bird, however, had. in dressing Its wound,
entangled its beak with some long soft
feathers and had It not been discovered
It would have died of starvation.
A HUMAN CALENDAR
FOR LAST HALF
CENTURY.
fTy? 1S-TEAR-OLD boy of Bloomington.
/Z-A\ Ind., carries in his mind a per
11 » manent calendar for at least the
last half-century, although by
many of the citizens he Is considered men
tally deficient.
To everybody in Bloomington and
around the quarries he is known as the
"weasel." "When asked his real name he
gives any of a half-dozen which he has
at his tongue's end for the purpose of sat
isfying the curiosity of the questioner.
So far as known the boy has never at-
Itnded school and knows nothing about
the system by which past and future
dates are calculated. When -asked on
what day of the week a date twenty
years back carae. the "weasel" answers
the question correctly within the space of
cne minute and often in much less time.
He gathers up many nickels and pennies
by telling commercial travelers " at the
hotels on what day of the week they were
born. The day of the month on which one
•was born is given the boy and he imme
diately supplies the day of the week. To
the Questioner this is in many cases
knewn, so that it is at once known that
the boy has given a correct answer.
Every ruse has been made use of to mud
dle him in his calculations, but in each
case he gets the best of the undertaking.
The other day he was asked on what day
of the month would come the seconJ
Tuesday after the first Monday of a
month of a year In advance. His answer
ccme in forty seconds and it was found
to be correct.
Nobody in Bloomington claims to know
the secret of the "weasel's" method of
calculating dates. When ask': I a date he
raises his hand to his mout'i, mumMes
something through* his thin lips, and
works the finders of one hand.
The Bushmen, or low-grade Hottentots,
of the plains of South Africa have a lan
guage which has been proved by Gamier
to be a close approximation to that of
the higher apes. It consists of hissing,
clicking and grunting sounds.
laying the side of the face 'fiat on the sur
face of the water, so that it just reaches
the side of the mouth, keeping the.head in
exactly the same position in relation to
the body as when walking, taking care
not to move it up or down. ' The body and
head should be kept rigid and the arms
and legs used as propellers.
. Supposing the pupil to be lying on his "
right side, his first movement is to place
the left hand as far advanced as possi
ble, the thumb being tightened over the
forefinger .to form a kind of scoop to en
able the swimmer in the next movement
to get a good "grip" of the water, the
right hand being held at the breast and
the legs opened as wide as possible. -This
is movement No. 1... The next movement, '
No. : 2, is to bring the ; left hand
pact the breast,' getting~a* good -hold of the
water in so doing, throwing the. hand back
to its full extent, the right arm being shot,
straight forward, palm downward. Take
great care not to allow any part to come
iut of tbe water, but to be iust beneath
water, and the movements of arms and
legs are for propulsion only. ¦
The most common fault with beginners
is their anxiety to keep their heads too
much out of water, which necessitates
great efforts— efforts which Bhould be di
rected to propelling the body along. The
lower your head is in the water the bet
ter; just keep it sufficiently above the wa
ter to breathe.
Before entering the water practice
drawing the hands up to the breast, palms
downward and thumbs together, with the
lower arms and elbows close to the sides.
Next shoot out the arms well in front of
the breast, as if trying to touch something
out of reach, taking care to stiffen the
joints. Then turn the palms outward and
take a circular sweepwith both arms un
til they are square "with the shoulder.
These three movements constitute a stroke
and should be performed in one continu
ous motion. . •'
As for your legs, you won't -have to
¦worry about them. In all my experience
I have found that the legg fall in line
naturally when the arms have learned
their duty. You need not teach them to
kick; they will do it automatically. For
you know swimming is almost natural to
you, anyway. Your cousins, the other
animals, swim by instinct. If Darwin is
true, probably you used to do the same.
Now that you have practiced the stroke
on dry land so that you have the idea of
it a little, you are ready to try the water.
Obtain a small rope about twenty-five
or thirty feet long, make a running knot
in it and let your friend place this around
your waist with the knot in the center
of the body in front, so as to balance you
nicely; then haul the rope in while you
make the stroke at the same time. Enter
the water with a resolve to make three
long steady strokes and increase the num
ber as progress is made. I lay great
stress on the steadiness of the stroke, as
all beginners seem to be possessed with
the idea that they can only keep up by a
succession of quick, jerky strokes, which
only have the effect of jerking the head
out of the water at f one moment and im
mersing it the next, besides quickly ex
hausting . the learner's strength. Great
care should, be taken to keep both hands
and feet, when taking a stroke, under
the surface of the water. The inhaling of
the breath should be done at the moment
when the arms are being shot forward
from the breast.
After you make yourself thoroughly ac
quainted with the breast stroke, you
should learn to float. Some people learn
this before swimming. Place yourself on
your back, throw, your head back, your
chest well out, straighten your limbs and
you will float with the lightness of a cork.
Be careful not to throw the head up after
getting into position.
When commencing to learn the side
stroke, turn the body over on the side.
Many lives would be saved if people
could keep a cool head and place them
selves in floating position when a ship Is
wrecked. People who could not swim
have often floated for hours, waiting for
succor.
THINK of it — you way learn to swim
by yourself. It is almost as easy as
hanging your clothes on a hickory
limb and not groins near the w^ter.
It is somewhat wetter but very
easy.
As far as hanging your clothes on a
hickory limb goes, that is exactly the
same proposition. The only difference is
that you have to go near the water.
The things to provide yourself with are
a bathing suit— the simpler the better
plenty of water, a rope and a devoted and
patient friend. Now go ahead.
In the first place put yourself In the
right spirit cf confidence by remembering
that of all outdoor pastimes, swimming is
the most easily learned, especially swim
ming in salt water. In learning the first
necessity is to fully understand that It is
our natural buoyancy that keeps the hu
man body afloat, since the specific gravity
of the human body is less than that of
the surface. As the left arm Is pulled
back the legs are brought sharply to
gether, the swimmer taking care to use
the 'flat part of his feet as much as pos
sible for propellers.
The side stroke Is, of course, very dif
ficult to learn, but once you have mas
tered It you will employ the stroke con
siderably and pronounce it easy, graceful
and pleasant.
Now, in the overhand stroke the head
sinks lower than in other styles of swim
ming and the feeling Is not so agreeable.
Presuming you are on your right side,
the only difference between this and the
ordinary side stroke is that the left arm
Is thrown forward above the surface of
the water to . Its utmost extent. Then
placing it In the water, a strong, powerful
pull is taken, letting the arm go back to
its full length. The exertion is much more
severe than for the common side stroke.
Try to consider swimming as a sport for
your own benefit. Never mind other peo-
By this time you are a good swimmer.
Not by the time that you have read to the
bottom of this page, but by the time that
you have implicitly followed these direc
tions. You have been brave and you have
' been accurate: the rest was easy.
• Now that you have learned, you are In
vestigating the matter of bathing suits.
I'll tell you what I think about them. I
much prefer a knit garment modeled after
a man's suit.; I use, however, for public
exhibitions (and so will you) the loose
blouse, short skirt and long hose common
to patrons of the surf. Some may .consider,
the former syery bold, but I consider it tha
..best, when I think of my health. The
«mbre play the arms and legs have, the
: more the benefit derived. "We should wear
'suits to swim in, not to make a display.
pie and whether they admire your cos
tume. I know you won't pay any atten
tion to this advice, but I throw It away.
Just the same.
Swimming is ona of the most beautiful
sports that there Is In the world as well
as one of the most useful. You glrl»—
those of you who don't swim— ought to be
gin the learning the very first chance yon
get. Ton need it. "With your present
mode ofjdressins. your sedentary habits,
exerclseis what you need. This Is the best
kind.
It expands the chest. This strengthens
the lungs and heart and gives each muscle
a certain amount of exercise which keeps
the frame in a healthy condition, pre
venting headaches and bilious attacks.
In. any accident on the water a person
who Is unable to swim constitutes a real
danger to those who have to do the sav
ing. The lives of Innumerable good swim
mers have been sacrificed to save their
drowning companions.
Perhaps if they had some time employed
a friend and a few yards of rope there
might have been other stories.
ALICE
hy
THE SUNDAY CALL.
AN EASY METHOD OF LEARNING
TO SWIM
2The Indian, left Kaskaskia. For almost
a year nothing was heard of him, and
Benard thought that his daughter had
forgotten her lover, for she ' appeared
gay and careless, and she accepted < with
apparent pleasure the 'attentions 'of a
young Frenchman. One night -y when" a
large ball at Kaskaskia was at Its height
But love always finds a way, and the
young couple managed to see each other
despite all the precautions of the girl's
father. Benard became aware of
these meetings and again took .means to
prevent them. He was a man of wealth
and influence, and he had the Indian
forced out of the partnership in the trad
ing' company. ',
The girl was at once fascinated by the
tall, . fine . looking Indian, who fell in. love
with ber at first sight and made no secret
of his, admiration. But' Benard pere soon
noticed the attachment and forbade his
daughter from communication -with the
young Indian. To make sure that : there
would be no more meetings Benard used
his influence to prevent the chief from at
tending an/, of the social entertainments
given in Kaskaskia. ,
A young chief of the'Kaskaskia tribe of
Indians, having become converted to
Christianity, after several years of study
undsr the tutelage of the Jesuits, built
himself a house in Kaskaskia and was
taken into partnership in one of the trad
ing houses there. He was prosperous,
handsome and well educated and was soon
received Into the homes of the wihte set
tlers. One night at a ball he happened to
meet Maria Benard.
Jean Benard came to this country from
France in 169S, bringing with him his wife
and Ills 10-year-old daughter, Marie. The
family settled in Kaskaskia, where Be
nard established a merchandising business.
The Frenchman soon became one of the
most 'prosperous and most influential men
of the town. Marie, his daughter, grew
to be a beautiful woman, 'much courted by
the most eligible young men of the new
country. "
land where the town once stood has nn
ally disappeared. According to the people
who knew ! the story, it had taken two
hundred yours for the curse to act..
Beneath our .feet are forms equally
weird, the bottom blazing with light at
every step. j Hera are: phosphorescent
crabs, and seafans that emit golden* green
and lilac hues. ' Blue scintillations come
from seapens, while others give out
gleams of gold and green. Almost every
animal is a light-giver. Some of the craba
are phosphorescent over the entire sur-.
face; others have their lights on stalked
eyes, while the very mud that rises seems
to scintillate with light that would appear
to be an essential feature of the deep sea. -
We might in this walk of Jhe imagination
descend to a depth of six miles beneath
the sea and still find life. ,
In all probability the largest and most
remarkable fishes have not been seen, and
escape the dredge. Many of these strange
forms of the abysmal depths are types of
A WHOLE town destroyed- by * a
wronged man's curse. Such, • de
clare the people who once lived
there, is the fate which has finally
overtaken Kaskaskia, the old town which
was tee first capital of ; Illinois.
| Kaskaskia was situated on a peninsula
at the. Junction • of the- Kaskaskia and
Mississippi rivers, and In 1882 the Missis
sippi . cut its way through \ the peninsula,
leaving the, remnant of the town on ah
island. The water continued- to wash
away the rich alluvial deposits on which
Kaskaskia was built until, during - the
winter just -passed, the last' foot of the
surface, each one emitting a vivid, lilae
colored light.
Above this forest of living lights strange
and weird fishes are passing, which we
recognize as forms that have been dredgfl
from great depths by the Albatross, Chal
lenger and others. . One, the Chiasmodun,
dashes by emitting light from its own
bedy. and wonder of wonders, we see it
seize a fish live times Its own bulk i.nd
draw itself over it like a glove. Its Jaws
by a special arrangement separate, and
the mouth is a cavern- of India-rubber
like possibilities. A similar fish, mala
ccsteus.is of a rich black velvet hue, and
as it poises we see Upon , its head two
large lights. One emits a golden light;
the other throws out fitful green rays,
which have some hidden meaning in the
company of nature. Some of the fishes
seem to be literal mouths. Such is the
Eurypharynx or pelican fish. The mouth
is enormous, the bones of the jaw being 1
attached to the skull by movable joints,
so that It has enormous powers of dis
tension, i!
A curious black fish called Echlostoma
has Its lanterns arranged about its head:
two are just below the eyes, while there
are several others at various portions of
the head. At a depth of two miles we
find the fish Bythites, and at three miles
we shall find others more remarkable. A
hideous snakelike creature is' Stomias,
with pointed teeth and a row of lights
along its ventral surface like the lights
that are seen in a dark night in the car
window as the train dashes along. This
fish has been taken from a mile and a
quarter beneath the surface by an Eng
lish dredger. .
In descending into the intermediate
depths, the jelly-fishes and forms that
live in the open water attract our atten-/
tlon. Here is a jelly-fish, its disk six feet
across, its train of tentacles possibly emit
ting a vivid light and stretching away in
a maze of brilliant lines for. perhaps, one
hundred feet. Such is the Cyanea. one of
about this dimension being seen by Mrs.
Agapsiz off Nahant. Such a. jelly-fish,
moving through the upper depths, might
well be compared to a great comet.
Other forms — huge disks— are the moons
and lesser planets of this submarine
world of space. The variety of tints and
colors* emitted, by the jelly-fishes is al
most beyond comprehension, and so- di
verse are the lights that the belief is
forced upon the beholder that they have
some marked significance in the economy
of nature. One known as Liucernuria.
emita a pale-bluish light all over its sur
face. Obelia has a luminous stem alone.
Cestus, or the Circle of Venus, nas a yel
. low light. Idyia emits a roseate hue,
while the light of Aurella is of such a bril
liant yellow that when one of the animals
was squeezed into a glass of milk the
latter was rendered so luminous that a
letter was read by it.
From these instances, and they are but
a few in many, it is evident, that the
stroller through the ocean, either in the
moderate depths at night of the abysmal
realms of day, would not wander about
blindly, but would have his pathway
illuminated by lights effective, and bril
liant, rendering the deepest ocean a region
the opposite of the conditions of stygian
darkness that it Is erroneously supposed to
hold.
*_ . _ _ 4.
THE TOWN
DESTROYED BY
A CURSE.
Assuming that we are walking on tho
ocean bottom at the depth of over a mile,
we move cautiously along In water Icy
cold, and suddenly are confronted with a
blaze of light, and find ourselves in a field
of light-givers. Imagine a cornfield with
stalks from two to four, feet in height,
tho tips gleaming with light and .waving
gently to and fro. Such an appearance
the fields of umbellulana present. Off St.
Vincent the Challenger dredged In a fioid
of light-giving gorgonias wlth v stems about
two feet long. The trawl came up choked
with them from a region a mile below the
Descending into deeper depth we still
find life. Many of the fishes are blind;
nearly all have phosphorescent lights, and
their shapes and forms are strange and
uncanny. Sunlight does not reach below
1000 fathoms: beyond this no plant life
exists, and the various forms of life prey
upon one another. Among the deep sea
fishes especially there Is constants war-
The rainstorm is the falling of these
countless shells to the bottom. They are
ever dying; the animal Is destroyed, and
the, little shell sinks, piling up at the
bottom and forming . the well-known
globigerina ooze. The increasing weight
grinds up the lower stratum into an im
palpable powder and slowly piles up the
bottom, forming a mass which, if
elevated above the surface, would re
semble the chalk cliffs of Dover, which
were formed at the bottom of the ocean
In much the same way:
ture. Everywhere there is life. Kvery
drop of water is alive; and standing In
this strange region, at a depth of a mile
or so we find ourselves in a rainstorm
beneath the sea. All about are count
less objects dropping upon us. Invisible to
the eye, but so result-producing In the
aggregate that the raindrops pile and
heap up in such masses that with those
th6t die on the bottom they round off
the tops of submarine hills and moun
tains, fill up the valleys, and the thick
gelatinous ooze through which we have
walked with so much difficulty Is the
visible result of the rain. In brief, we
are in the region of the globigerina ooze—
a condition found In great depths, but
not always In the greatest: It has been
estimated that if lime-secreting organ
isms are as numerous down to a depth of
600 feet as they are near the surface
there would be more than sixteen tons of
calcareous shells or carbonate of lime
In the uppermost 100 fathoms of every
square mile of ocean.
extinct forms, and we only imagine what
wonders the deep sea hides. In the At
lantic and Pacific gigantic squids from
fifty to seventy feet in length are found,
and glimpses of strange snake or cell
like sharks are suggestive of the uncaught
mysteries and unseen dwellers in the deep
eea. Among the curious light-givers Is a
Fhark which was caught by Dr. Bennett,
It was perfectly black, but emitted a
strange phosphorescent light which ) re
mained some time after the animal's
death. The shark was placed in a Jar In
the cabin of the vessel, and is described
as presenting a ghostly appearance, emit
ting a rich green light almost sufficient to
read by.
I have often read of boys who awake at
sunrise and bound/ out of bed with a sin
gle leap, and ha,Ve always thought that
such sudden awakening could be true only
in books. But that was exactly how thl3
shark woke. It fairly leaped out of a
sound sleep and jerked the skiff ahead so
violently that the box seat upset and I
fell backward upon my companions. This
upset was certainly not a dignified begin
ning, and I heard a roar of laughter from,
some fun-loving lookerson.
The shark, now feeling; the rope, dashed
along at a rapid pace, making It ex
tremely difficult for us to retain our
places; but my companions aided me.
Carefully raising me, they righted the
box. I secured ¦ the painter and held th©
single rein in triumph. It was a signal
success. We had harnessed the shark and
were moving at a rate that was wildly
exciting. The speed was so great that tha
boat was pulled almost bow under, and a
wave of foam preceded us.
One of my companions paddled gently
and the flat-bottomed boat slowly drifted
on. Leaning forward, I picked up ths
float and quickly ran the painter through
a hole thar had been left in the float for
the purpose, and fastened it with a bow
line knot. "When thls^was done I hauled
in the slack and gently pulled tha rein,
while one of ihe boys "clucked" at the
shark and the other said "Gedap!" No
response. Then I gave another jerk at
the line and the shark woke up.
Presently we saw the float lying mo
tionless on the water near the wall. The
shark was undoubtedly asleep, little sus
pecting the rude awakening that was in
store for him. I now handed the paddle
to one of the boys behind me and took in
hand our painter, the rope fastened to the
boat, and it was now my business to se
cure this to the float and to arouse tha
shark. . $'C-
Finally the day arrived, and very early,
while the great tropical sun was creeping
up through the vermllllon clouds, we
made our way around the wall and to our
marine carriage. Being the originator of
the scheme, the privilege of the box seat
was awarded to me. Literally, this seat
was a box— a discarded cracker box. My
two companions sat upon a board In the
stern to balance the skiff. "We were soon
in place.' and sitting on the box I care
fully paddled the little craft out from the
tide gate and began the search for our
steed. I paddled down one side of the
great wall, keeping perfectly quiet, as
every quick movement threatened us with
a capsize.
For some time we had been building: a
boat which was to be the carriage of thl3
steed. The. masons had given to us the
frame of a great brick arch upon which
they were working. This resembled a
scow with squaro ends. It was a perfect
eklff, except that the planks were an Inch
apart; but we filled these crevices and
calked It with oakum. The day before the
shark was caught the boat was launched
and tested, and It was found that It would
hold three boys, two on a lower seat and
one on the box seat of the coach. The
"shark ride" was looked forward to with
the greatest Interest
gate. Just before it was released a rope
bridle was passed over It — a loop .that
fitted over the head and was tightened
Just behind' the fins, so that it remained
in place, a perfect saddle girth. To this
a rope about ten feet long was attached,
and in turn made fast to a float. All this
was prepared in advance, and It did not
require much time to attach it. though
the plunges of the shark knocked several
men from their feet. Finally all was
ready and the shark was rolled over into
the moat, where It went dashing away,
the telltale float following at the surface.
"With no little difficulty, says Mr. Hol
der, v/e caught the nurse, towed it to the
aquarium, which was an Inclosed meat
half a mile long; fifty feet wide and from
six to eight feet deep. It required a dozen
or more men to haul the fish, which was
eleven feet In length, over the little tide
shark, captured at sea and im
pounded in a tide- water aquarium In Flor
ida.
THREE MEN
ARE TOWED BY
A SHARK
«7v» MONG the "Queer Steeds" of whtch,
/U^ C. F. Holder tells In St. Nicholas
ZT~~V perhaps the queerest'ls a **nnrse"
Strange animals inhabit this region,
and • the deeper we go the more remark
able they appear, and finally at a mile
or so they fairly compel our admiration.
Here are scarlet shrimps, crabs on stilt
like legs; others that are blind; more
that carry their own lights, for long ago
we saw living stars, moons and comets
In this abysmal region that serve a va
riety of purposes in the economy of na
¦-¦-« -
In shallow water we have passed
through the region of abundant life.
Along the shore are schools of porpoises,
immense whales that occasionally ven
ture far below the surface, and a number
of air-breathing, fishllke animals that
ere kept near the surface by their struc
ture and requirements. Here are schools
of fish — salmon and sardines; and pass
ing is a migrating herd of seals: Deeper
we pass, and leave them behind, de
scending to a depth of 1500 feet In dark
ness profound. An electric light would
show a singular change. Many of the
fish are of gay. colors, and could we
whisk one to the surface its eyes would
be popping from its head when it arrived
from the sudden change.
To make the ocean bed a reality I will
ask the reader to imagine that he is equip
ped with a diver's armor capable of re
sisting pressure and accompany me into
the deep sea. As we descend Into the blue
depths we realize that we have entered
another world, where to all Intents and
purposes water Is the atmosphere. If we'
entered the ocean on the Pacific Coast
from the beach we would gradually walk
down an easy descent for many miles: and
the same is true of the Atlantic. Almost
Immediately the light fades, so that when
at a depth of 500 feet it Is comparatively
dark and intensely cold. Deeper we de
scend, the sunlight gradually fading, un
til at a depth of a quarter of a mile the
darkness Is intense so far as the sun is
concerned.
If the ocean bed. which is popularly sup
posed to occupy three-fourths of the
world's surface, should suddenly be laid
bare we should In the main find a dupli
cate of terrestrial conditions. The .bed of
the present ocean has at some time been
<5ry land; has been cut by wind and weath
er, washed into river beds by streams,
thrown up by volcanic action into moun
tains, or elevated and depressed by oscil
lations of the crust. It has undergone all
the changes of the land with which we are
familiar, and in a measure resembles it.
The deep sea. while forbidding and un
inviting, has Its inhabitants that are well
adapted to the strange conditions within
its borders, where eternal darkness was
supposed to reign. "We have every reason
to believe that there is at times a wonder
ful assemblage of light-givers, who Illu
mine the dark unfathomed caves of the
ocean and change Its abyssmal regions
Into scenes of weird splendor. *
Such a region, finding its extreme depth
In five or six miles, does not appear to of
fer many Inducements to the investigator:
yet it has been a most fruitful field, and
the discoveries which have been made
during the last few years have entirely
changed public sentiment regarding it.
TO the layman, the reader who has
not followed the investigations of
students of the deep sea, it is dif
ficult to realize how life can exist
where the pressure is so gTeat that
It is compared to a train of cars loaded
with pig iron bearing down upon a man's
shoulders, or many tons to the square
inch. Neither are the conditions of life
readily understood at a depth where a
ray of sunlight never has reached, where
eternal night apparently reigns; where the
temperature is nearly at the freezing polr/
and where in all probability a silence ho
profound exists # that a Bound has never
broken the auiet of ages.
By Professor Charles K. Holden.
WONDERS
BENEATH THE
WAVES.
The "monarch" butterflies often appear
in the streets of towns or even in city
parks and squares and are easily recog
nized by their prominently veined, dark
brown wings, splashed with white on the
apex and edged with a black band, con-
Still another kind Is "the green-clouded
swallow-tail," which is one of the most
beautiful of its tribe, the middle portion
of its deep black wings being thickly cov
ered with metallic green scales, while a
succession of light spots of different sizes
adorn their outer margins.
The black swallow-tall is a smaller but
terfly, found both in the Sierras and the
Coast Ranse. and its wings are decorated
with two large orange-colored disks and
Trtth dots and lines of blue and yellow.
Its larva lives on fennel, wild carrot, pars
ley and other umbelliferous plants, and,
for protective purposes, the chrysalis par
takes of the general hue of its surround
ings.
A closely allied species, ¦which makes Its
home in the ravines of some of the coast
peaks, has three distinct points, or tails,
to each lower wing. Instead of the single
one usually seen.
The largest western butterfly, the beau
tiful blacfc and yellow swallow-tall,
usually measures from four to four and
a half Inches In expansion and differs from
Its eastern representative only in minor
points of size and markings. It is com
paratively common in summer in suburb
an gardens, the caterpillars feeding upon
the leaves of numerous kinds of fruit and
f hade-trees, though the perfect insect pos
sesses the tastes of a scavenger.
On account of their attractive coloring
-and their association -with free, open-ait*
life, these insects are always objects of
interest, both to the naturalist and the
casual observer, though many admirers of
their grace and beauty are unfamiliar with
their names, structure or curious habits.
ders of the southern desert*, near the
snow-Iln« of the Sierras, on the cliffs of
the sea -beaches, in the. recesses of the
pine forests or on sunny open hillsides.
TJC the genial climate of California
butterflies may usually be found in
| most localities where Vegetation ia
*^ present, whether It exists on the bor-
The caterpillars feed voraciously upon
the leaves of .the milkweed and are yel-
tainlng two rows of small white specks.
They are remarkable for their strong,
well sustained flight, and during migra
tions often unite into large swarms or
flocks, sometimes venturing out to sea
many miles from shore.
As, on account of its strong taste, this
butterfly Is not eaten by birds. Its habits
are closely mimicked by what is known as
"the sovereign," a similar Insect, which is
a favorite tidbit with the feathered tribe.
low, with black markings; but the short,
thick chrysalis is a bright pea green, or
namented with small spots of gold color.
What is known as "the red admiral" Is
a medium sized, purplish-black butterfly,
with white splashes of different sizes and
bars of reddish orange oa the forewlngs
with royal purple and edged with a broad
band \ of gold and a row of small blue
epots, are valuable ornaments In a cabi
net collection.
Another., familiar butterfly is "the
mourning cloak," or "camberwell beau
ty," which is found all over North Amer
ica and in certain parts of the Old "World.
It may frequently be seen flitting around
elms, poplars and' other garden trees, and
is greatly, prized by entomologists, as its
velvety, chocolate . brown wings, tinted
BERTHA F. HERRICK.
Among other varieties are the banded!
butterflies, the dark wings of which are
crossed near their middles with bars of
round, white splashes; the dainty, little
sulphur-yellows, flitting over clover-blos
soms In country meadows; and the "skip
pers," or dwarf butterflies, which ara
distinguished by their queerly shaped!
wings, broad heads, long beaks and slen
der antennae recurved at the tips, as well
as by their habit of flying In jerks, near
the aurfaco of the ground.
Cabbage butterflies belong to a famnyj
which Is widely distributed throughout*
the United States and are -well-known •
pests in vegetable gardens, their green,
worm-like larvae devouring the hearts ot ,
cabbages, lettuce and similar products!.
They are also frequently seen around!',
flower-beds, and are small, rather pretty
insects, with white wings, dotted with;
a few black spots and sometimes tinged*
with lemon.
The most familiar California butterfly. ,
is "the painted lady," varieties, of wnlcH I
ara found all over the world. It Is usro- •
ally common in gardens, hovering ever >
heliotrope, sweet-peas, mignonette and) i
other fragrant plants, but it also lnhab- i
its open fields, often resting upon that
heads of thistles. The ground color ofil
the wings Is a sort of tawny red, elabor»<
ately marked and mottled with, brown* j
black, orange or grayish-white, and theiri
width is almost two inches.
and a margin of the same bright has, dot
ted with four or five black spots, upon
the lower pair. It is one of our most at—'
tractive species and Is comparatively;*
common In hop fields or around nettles in.
pastures, though It also frequents or-!
chards, feasting on the Juices of overripe,!
fallen fruit. •
In the neighborhood of shady creeks lnj
the Coast Range may often be seen **the;-i
nymph butterfly," floating 1 high up among j
the tree trunks. Its dark-brown colors,!
varied with bands of white and. streams j
and dashes of yellow, blue and ©range- j
red, being sharply contrasted against j
their foliage; and. In elevated regions, la I
midsummer, Is found "the mountain but- j
terfly,** which has -white wtnga about!:
three Inches In spread, diversified ¦wltlaH*
spots of black and ruby.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Marie Benard disappeared.
Those who searched for Marie discov
ered that the young chief of the Kaskas
kians had been seen that evening in the
town, and the conclusion was at one©
reached that the girl had eloped with him.
Benard at once organized a party to go
in pursuit of the fugitives. As there was
a heavy, snow on the ground, their trail
was easily discovered and followed. The
Indian and Marie had crept away afoot,,
and' as their pursuers were supplied with
fast horses the young lovers were cap
tured after a day's chase, about forty
miles from Kaskaskia. Their destination,
had been the French settlement at St.
Louis, where the Indian had provided a
home for his wife.
The Indian surrendered without resist
ance, and the posses started on- the jour
ney tack to Kaskaskia, taking the two
captives. Most of the men who composed
Benard's party wanted to kill the Indian
Instantly, but Benard would not allow it,
for he said that they should leave him
to deal with his daughter's lover.
When the party reached Kaskaskia the
girl was placed In a convent there. Then
Benard took the Indian to the bank of
the Mississippi and, binding him tightly
to a log, turned him adrift in the liver.
As -. the helpless Indian floated away to
his death, he raised his eyes to heaven
and cursed Benard, who, he declared,
would die a violent death. That Indian's
last words were a prophecy that within
200- years the waters which were then
bearing him away would sweep from the
earth every vestige of the town, so that
only the mime would l.e left.
The unhappy girl died in the convent.
Benard was killed in 1712 in a duel. The
last trace of Kaskaskia has been ob'Uer
ated.'and the superstitious declare' that
the Indian's curse ha3 had something to
do with the passing of the once flourish
ing town. On dark and stormy nights the
ghost of the Indian is said to appear.
The specter, with strong arms bound and
face upturned, float3 slowly by on the
river where the stream sweeps by -the
'site of the vanished city in which Marie
Benard once lived and In which she died
mourning the red man that she loved.
fare.
3
SOME CALIFORNIA
BUTTERFLIES"Highways and Byways of Music", is by
Hugh A. Clarke, musical- director of the
University of Pannsylvania..- This, book, a
companion volume to , "Music and the
Comrade Arts," is a series of six essays
on the history of music as an art, with its
development along that line from the days
of myths down to- the present composers.
In no sense is the book biographical, but
it deals with the trend, the motif, of the
musical art. 1iv:vvv; :
; In ,the. essay 'on "Myths", the universal
ity of - certain striking coincidences is
pointed out and- argues for the great an
tiquity of the art. ; "Literary Men and
Music" is a plea for the fuller recognition
on the part of literary men of music as a
•'great art." Professor Clarke sets forth
the theory, that the, \'folk song" is simply
an indication cf racial temperament, out
of | which "art music" may grow, ' arid that
the German branch alone of the . Teutonic
family-was possessed of the requisite tem
peramental conditions for this growthMn
"Modern Tendencies" the author has at
tempted to* strike . a balance ; between .the
losses and gains i of the art since the first
quarter of the century just ended.', -.
The book is full of original ideas- and
. .-. ¦
Highways and Byways of Mu3ic,'
Ekuring the y^ears 1881-82-83 Eugene Field
was associate 'editor, of the .Denver Trib
une, and his pen was busy turning out
many. of the, richest of his poetical gems.
These poems j bear the marks of wit, hu
mor and pathos so characteristic of Field,
but have been ; in a fair way to pass into
oblivion until now Joseph- G. Brown, who
¦
A Little Book of .Tribune Verses.
The Home Life of Wild Birds.
I Frank H. Herrick is the author of a
book on birds that cannot fall to attract
attention. "The Home Life of Wild Birds"
is one of the most valuable and unique
publications of the sort that has as yet
appeared. By a simple system | of his
own Mr. Herrick has been able to get his
camera within two feet of the nests of
the birris^of the field and in this way
registered every bit of thdlr home life by
carefully ; chosen snap shots. The Volume
contains some 150 '. half-tones from actual
photographs of \ this kind. They jj are as
nearperfect as it is [possible to getand
give a ; splendid idea of the life of our
feathered friends. The printing, binding
arid half-tone work is a great credit to the
publishers. j (Published" by G. P. Put
nam's Sons," New York. Price $2 50.) ; * v .
THE INTERNATIONAL VEST-POCKET LI
BRARY—Published by Laird & Lee. Chicago.
Six volumes; ?2 50.
THE JEWISH ENCYCLOPEDIA— Published
by Funk & -W" agnails Company, New York.
Volume I. Cloth. $7; half morocco, $3; full
morocco, $11. i
FAMILIAR TREES AND THEIR LEAVES—
By F. Schuyler Mathews. D. Appleton & Co.,
New York. $1 75.
A LITTLE BOOK OF TRIBUNE VERSE— By
Eugene Field. Tandy, Wheeler & Co.. Den
ver, Colo. $t 50.
ANTING-ANTIXO STORTES AND OTHER
STRANGE TALES OF THE FILIPINOS— By
Sargent Kayme. Small. Maynard & Co., Bos
ton. $1 23.
; MILLS OF GOD— By Elinor Macartney Lana.
D. Appleton & Co.. 'Sevr York. $1 50. :
THE TRAVELS OF A WATER DROP— By
Mrs. James Edwin Morris. The Abbey Press.
New York. 50 cents.
. THE WHITE MAN'S CHANCE— By Abbta
Oliver Wilson. The Abbey Press. New York. Jt.
LOGIC— By George H. . Smith. G. P. Put
nam's Sons, New York. $1 25.
TOM HUSTON'S TRANSFORM ATION-Ey
Margaret B. Love. The Abbey Press. .New
Tork. 50 cents. . '1 . . - :
A FEATHER'S "WEIGHT— By Amarala
Martin. The Abbey Press. New York. 50 cents.
A PACIFIC COAST VACATION- By Mrs.
Jam.es Edwin Morris. Th» Abbey Press, New
York. $1 50. :. ; ;v: :
A CANDLE LIGHT— By Louis Smirnow. The
Abbey Press. New York. Jl.
THE ADVENTURES OF UXCLE JERE
MIAH AND FAMILY AT THE PAN-AMER
ICAN EXPOSITION— By Paul Pry Jr. Laird
& Lee, Chicago. In paper, 25 cents.
Books Eeceived.
HIGHWAYS AND BYWAYS OP MUSIC— By
Hugh A. Clarke. Silver. Burdett & Co.. Sew
Tork. 75-cent3.. /-«--"
WARREN CHENEY.
THE latest addition to tha fast- growing group of California authors
is Warren Cheney, who has just published a collection of poeina
under the title "The Flight of Helen and Other Poems." Like, sev
eral, writers in 'whom California has centered her hopes of becoming as
prominent in the field of literature as by the efforts of others she has
already been made in the domain of art. Mr. Cheney, although a native
of New York, received his training in letters at the "University of Califor
nia.' He had the good fortune to be there when Edward Rowland Sill was
doing so much by his teaching to incite in his pupils a love for all that
is "best in literature and, whon he was producing examples of .literary ex
cellence ! which for a long time have proved an inspiration to young
writers. /
Although this is Mr. Cheney^s first book, it does not represent the
results, of his, first efforts as a writer. He-was at one time J associate
editor of the Overland Monthly and at another editor of the Mining and
Scientific Press. Besides, he lias at various times contributed to maga
zines verses and short stories. ', \
All of the poems in the book are short. They are dainty and mu
sical, and have the charm which comes from the felicitous expression of
a beautiful thought. ¦ .
The following poems reveal well the main • characteristics of Mr,
Cheney's work: .- :
/ January.
"TCTien garden plats are pinched and brown.
Because the sun itself is cold:
When streams are sullen, freighted down
"With sodden drift and the red mold;
When plum trees, stripped of leafy gown.
Toward, the salt mist lean branches sere;
Then hey, my heart, and ho, my heart,
The turning of the year. \ ; .
When crows fly low, and dusks are_ gray,
And mists He fleecy on ths hills; . : ,
When walks are white at break of day
And from the hedse a robin trills; £*:
When leaf buds feel the rising play [ '-•¦¦-
Of spring's Intoxicating brew, •-.- ""."'
Then hey, my heart, and ho, my heart, ; .,
The year begins anew. j 1 ,».,'..
February. , ' ' £*i,LL'
Small, ; kindling pulses In dry stems. ;^
Green carpets cn the lanes; ¦ *
Bold, little, sudden winds that whirl, '
And warm, sweet blustering rains—
The earth Is warm, the heart i3 warm, ».
The gay acacia blows; ' '-'; -
And lo! the lovely march of flowers .-'.._
In glad procession goes. - .
March.
All day from the north : the fierce wind blows
And the stunted oak' trees bow;,.
All day as I. plod in the' endless rows
The seagulls follow the plow. . ¦
I hear in a tumult of sound their cries
And the shock of the bending trees.
And up from the west like a. call arise
The roar of the breaking seas.
And bitter -within burns the old unrest.
With the oM unquiet heart—
The maddening pulse of the heart repressed.
The tret for the higher part.
The Tryst. ; :
. If I skirt the cherry hedge ¦ .: r "..
As the clock Is striking eight;
Turn there by the grass plat's edge,
Passing by the iron gate— ¦
Ugh! I hear its hinge creak still!—
- And; silent as the whippoorwill
¦ Flitting up before me, wedge
Through a gap I know, and gain •
The great passion" vine they train
Up around, her window ledge. ¦ :
.-.Then, at the last '. silvery . stroke, <
. If .1 whistle, once, twice — so— : i"
Like the little house owl's 'call—' THH
Somehow In the "dark I know,'
"' Though I hear no sound at all, ' •'
That the door there on the right '
Opens slowly, ' and a patch ¦:;•-¦
Of shadows drifts along the wall
. Somewhat less than woman' b height. •'
Drifts and flutters, and no more
Till I hear the smothered scratch.
In the . gravel, of ' swift feet,
Rush of garments, and I see •
There, where nothing was before,
By me close,' the shadow sweeter.
Hands outstretched my hands to greet, -
And her face leaned out to me.
•^TvP SECOND volume of short stories
// \\ by Jack London is on the market
/' \under the title of tbe first tale in the
*'book-"The God of His Fathers,"
Last year before the appearance of Lon
don's first book he was practically un
known in the field of letters. It was only
when his short stories had made hits in
various magazines and then were gathered
together under the title of "The Sons of
the Wolf that people began to realize
that this Oakland boy possessed a genius
peculiarly his own. Now his life has been
printed so often and his praises sung so
loudly that every one is familiar with his
history and certainly every reader who
reads at all has read one or more of his
stories of the "Frozen XCorth" and the
"'Great "White Silence."
That firpt collection of short stories of
last year was sp'endid. "The God of His
Fathers'* is not so good.
Xow let it not be misunderstood that
his tales of this season are lacking in
merit— quite 4 _he contrary— but. in com
parison with" the spontaneous outburst of
last yeaT. they seem a. little bit "written
to order."*
This year there seems to be an effort
cn London's part to affect the marvelous
and out of tbe ordinary — last year there
was rc.".fc. Elill, it must be said that in
its own line of virile tales of this stranara
Jand "Ths Gad cf His Fathers'* stands
far and aiiead of any of its competitors —
excepting, of course, L«ndon's own work.
"The Sons.nf the Wolf."
It mar possibly be that. Mr. London's
r.ext work ' wIH either "make or break"
him. The reading public is a fickle jad^ 1 .
£he i?ooti decides that '•'enough of a good
thing is enough/* and now that London's
Klondike stories have gone up close to
the two dozen mark she may net praise
a third effort if it is simply more short
stories from the ICorth.
Of coxiTse this great country is a vast
and comparatively virgin field and there
is plenty of cliance for volumes upon
voVanK-s of good copy to come out of it.
but or?? of London's etories is very much,
like another—^good cf course — but one
even tires of beefsteak for steady diet.
He possesses undoubted and natural
genins for short Etory writing. He gets
his effects naturally and without effort,
liut he seems lacking in versatility. "When
lie strays from the frozen lands, from the
trail, from the scenes of sweat, toll and
¦bloodshed to the comparative quiet of the
settlement or the ballroom and cabin
-where the atzaosphere of civilization i3
more stranger in evidence, he sinks to the
orCmary.
Last year JL T. QuHler-Cotich issued a
¦book of short stories that Is an excellent
excrnpie of U*c <raalit3eB apparently lade-
Ing in I/on&CT. His stories range wide ta
purpose and treatment from the mystic
sind meiajifcjiacal to the taie of the sea
and jrtcre aaSreatrtre or the story of lighter
-vein •en -Use fitocktonian order. The hand
ot the zvSJzzxr as «esn in one conld not be
reeognJaed a* the writer of the other. £0
"varied .axe sJb« .subjects and their trcat
anect. ~ V :_
One <dT those stories ty Qutner-ConcTi Is
called Tbe Seventh Man"— a horrible
tals of the weird vratch for the summer
etm <dS some sbiiraTecked sailors who have
leso <cast away in the .Arctic ctrcSe. Ii
ElatrvTS Hal its author could folkrcr Ms.
Jjor-iOcn -rerj closely on Ills crvra ground.
.Eteren stories go to make -up the ctm
tetita of Tlie God of His Fathers."" Ths
tost one, from wMch the book tai^s its
titJeu Ittrns -ujwm the denial of his God by
«. mteSonarr as contrasted "with the death
of. a. brare inajB who would not forsake
the God of 'his fathers though the earas!
transfixed him the next second.
The figlrt between the tribesmen and fhn
•diners is eplendWly told. The figore of
1iz.Y Slockard at the last, wielding his axe
ainta t>y main strength he has cleared a
£ pace, is like a reincarnation of Umslop
oga? and Ihe mighty weapon that Rider
Jlaggard had ttim use to sucTi advantage.
2£ven -Baptiste the Red. the halfbreed.
jnust admire as the warriors pause with
spears upraised to slay from afar this
zraa with whom j they dare m>t dost.
Even tfcowgii the character of ths mis
sionary is rather inconsJsteni when
analyzed, still ;t makes a contrast that
jaeds to the climactic ending; and after
ell y<m do not think of the missionary, for
2iay Stockard commands center stage.
"The Great Interrogatfoa** tells of a.
vomaB -who comes to the North to fin-1
Jier Jover, gome years before she ha<l
thrown him over to marry a matt with
jnoney and. save her ruined family. This
wealthy Jiusband is dead and so she sets
out to seek egain the hjan of her choice.
6he finds him living witti'a native woman
of the land of ice and snow. The tetnpta
tioij. tor the man to return to civilization
jand » life of ease and plenty is strong,
frut there is this woman of the North to
ootsider— a woman who has risked her life
for hira »a<J whose devotion has never
fceet* Jxraad wanting.
gucb e, pituation as this admits ef pos
sibilities, but, as in the last story in the
icolleetiefi, 'The . Scora of Women." Lon
don Js » little too heavy with the mind
feminine for the most effective results.
His use of big words is to be deplored and
Jie for theatrical effects.
1 ''Which Makes Men Remember 1 .' js , en
tirely Improbable but excellent feeding,
The eurprise comes at the end, end, lik<j
the periodical eentence, it is fine if . not
overworked, A man shields a murderer
and keeps him hidden. until all search for
Jiim U over, merely I that he may test the
The most striking illustration in the
volume is the frontispiece— a splendid en
graving of Edward VII. Probably the
most timely. articled that one by Fred
erick Greenwood on "Monarchy and the
King." It is of interest to Americans as
well as to Englishmen, for Mr. Greenwood
handles his 'subject broadly. His feaity
closes with, a prophecy; he says:
"A certain magnificence is due to the
state and may. be asked of King Edward
without fear of ' excess. These are not
times for such excesses/Here again there
will "be no disappointment. In council
sagacity, firmness, moderation. In the
world — consideration, generosity, gracious
ways, and a fine and liberal patronage of
the arts. This is every .man's forecast of
the reign of Edward the Seventh." "
We have heard enough of the Sikhs in
China — when they ' were : with the first
forces of the allied powers to Center. Pe
king—to make us wish to read more. The
Countess of Jersey writes about them in
a way that is convincing and Instructive.
All of the 'papers in this issue are a
credit to the good judgment of its able
editor, Lady Randolph Spencer ChurcMU
(Mrs. George Cornwallis-West). It is
published hy G. P. Putnam's Sons, N*w
York. Price $6. 'i r^^ •
. • . - . '¦¦¦¦-
Marcus Whitman.
William A. Mowry, Ph.D., an honorary
member of the Oregon Historical Society,
member of the New England Historic-
Genealogical Society, and of the Ameri
can Historical Association, gives us a
valuable and interesting history in "Mar
cus Whitman and the Early Days of Ore
gon." ¦..- ; 'T/%,
Mr. Mowry tells us that his book was
not born, but that, like "Topsy," it grew.
He has spent his time for the last twen
ty-five year*? in collecting material for It—
in fact, ever since he first learned cf the
heroic labors and the tragic death of the
man who saved Oregon for the United
States— Dr. Marcus Whitman. His list of
books and pamphlets consulted numbers
over fifty of the best works on the sub
ject; moreover, he further prepared him
self by personal contact with men and
places. He sa>*3: v- ; "-^iV.-
"I have visited Oregon, Washington ana
California, stood before the great grave
where Whitman was. buried and walked
the halls of Whitman College in Walla
Walla. I have talked with many leading
men of that country. Dr. Cushing Eells;
Mr. William H. Gray, author of a history
of Oregon, with whom I visited- the rooms
• of the American Board, inspecting : their
archives and reading and copying letters
to and from Whitman, Spalding, Eells,
.Walker, Gray and others, covering the en
tire period from 1836 to 1S4S; Dr. Ander
son, president of Whitman College; Judge
Deady of Portland, Dr. Atkinson of-Port
land and many others. With Dr. : Atkin
son I went over the whole subject. Dr.
William Barrows, who wrote the history
of Oregon in the Commonwealth . Series,
¦was consulted, and every phase of the en
tire subject was discussed years /before his
• history appeared.".;: : .' ; - c ; " ~: ; n : V
Mr.- Mowry expressly I states ; that; hl3
work is a history. and jiot an "embellished,
story." " He writes .with the purpose . of
showing what he firmly believes that all
honor is due. to "the a memory of that
Christian patriot, tkat heroic missionary,
Marcus "Whitman,"., who braved all " the
cold and snows of the Rocky Mountains
to cross the continent and warn our Gov
ernment of 'the advance i of an English
colony of eighty persons from the"; Red
River region. "Whitman set the truth be
fore , President Tyler, and in June, ; 1843,
led a caravan of two hundred wagons and'
nine hundred ; people back to the new
country. This was the first marking:., out
of the Oregon, trail over which, so many
companies of emigrants were '.to pass.
Whitman's final death at the hands of the
Indians : gives a very tragic ending to a
romantic ¦ life. .
We have read records of remarkable his
torical rides, but that ride of Marcus
Whitman to save a State for the Union—
a ride of over four thousand miles . In
midwinter— would seem to put all others
to shame.
Mr. Mowry has treated his subject
thoroughly and his book deserves a place
of Its own with the best historical, ac
counts of early Oregon. (Published by
Silver, Burdett & Co., New York.)
A Series of Uatxire Books.
The Appletona have published a note
worthy series of nature books this year.
First came/F. M. Chapman's "Bird Life,"
which was reviewed at some length in a
past Issue of The CalL Mr. .Chapman i3
recognized as an authority onthe subject
all over the United States. The other
volumes of the series are" "Insect Life,"
by Professor J. H. Comstock; "Familiar
Trees," by F. Schuyler Mathews, and
also Mr. Mathew's ""Familiar Flowers."
All of these books ara illustrated pro
fusely with excellent half-tone reproduc
tions, as —ell as many colored plat«3.
Professor John Henry Comstock is
professor or entomology in Cornell Uni
versity and his book certainly deserves
a. Srst place among popular guides to the
study and identification of insect life. The
twelve full-page plates reproducing but
terflies and insects in their natural colors
are remarkably well done. These wood
engravings were made by Anna. Botsford
Conastock, member : of the Society of
American "Wood Engravers. _Y*: ;
"Familiar Trees and Their Leaves"
also has twelve pictures of representative
tress in colors and la addition there are
over 200 drawings from nature by. the au
thor.' Mr. Mathews, besides treating his
subject in a popular vein, gives the
botanical ¦name and habitant of each tree
ajid a record of the precise character and
color of its leafage. Nature lovers can
not fail, to appreciate the conscientious
work . evidently expended' in bringing this
book to It3 present state of completeness.
No small part. of this series is the ad
mirable manner of illustration. Just to
look over the pages i3 enough to give one
the ' out-of-door-study : craze. And a aen
clble craze it is. to have, too.' (Published
by D. Appleton & Co., New York. "Bird
Life,"' $2; "Insect Life,", 51 75; "Familiar
Trees,'" $1 75; "Familiar Flowers," ?1 40.)
, History of the Christian Religion.
It is now nearly, twelve, years since the
fourth edition of "The History of the
Christian Religion to the Tear 200" was
exhausted.- The fifth edition is Just now
being placed on the market. Its author,
Charles B. Waite,. A. M., has made a
thorough and careful revision. ; Having
Xiaftsed safely, through the ordeal of ad
.verf?o criticism, the book has undergone;
no changes of consequence in the' text.
As a history it will stand as it was WTit-'
ten. • ¦ *
The value" of the work is enhanced by
,the addition of much new. matter in the
appendix. Among the additional articles
here is a dissertation on the Essenes, dls
'cusHing the probability: -of Jesus having
belonged to that :sect." Also 'articles 'on
the zealots, and. the -inquisition. The the
ory that the inquisition was first estab
lished In the middle v ; ages," about the
twelfth century, is shown to be . without
foundation, Onthe contrary, it is tracedi
"Monarchy and the King," Frederick
Greenxrooa; "St. Edward's Crown," Cyril
Davenport.' TV 8. A.; "Episodes in For
eign Policy," ths Rev. Canon MacColl:
•Th« SUcb* and Their Golden Temple."
.the Countess or Jeracy; "A Squire's
Househoia In the Ttelgn of George I," AV.
.1!, ¦ Mallccfc; "A Kight \Qut in Peking'. 1 '
Professor Ro'oert Douglas; "La Trappe in
Africa." Ro«i«rt Hichens; "Gaston Bon
nier, or Time's Hfivenges^* -\v. L>. Court
ney, "Decor ativ$ Domestic Art," Lady
Randolph Churchill', "Plays of the Mod
ern French School." John Oliver Hobbes:
"French Claims in Poetry," J. C. Bailey;
"The Brownings," Wilfred Meynell; "The
Last Years of th<& Duchess of Ports
mouth," J. Lemoins and Andre Lichten
berger; "Broussa end Olympus," Hamil
ton Aide; "Moltke," Judge O'Connor Mor
ris; "The Custom of Biography," Edmund
Gosse; "Mainly About Johnson," Frank
Richardson; "A Word More About Ver
di," G. Bernard Rhaw; "Wanted— a De
partment of Fisheries," Moreton Frewen;
"Cavalry ," Winston S, Churchill. M, P.;
"Notes on lh« Portraits of Madame- de
Pompadour and Maria of Austria," Lionel
Cust, P, 6, A,, director of the National
Portrait Gallery,
A glimpse through . the - contents will
£hovr the Intrinsic worth of the articles:
Cyril DaT-enuort writes a note on the
Tjlndfcj; of this volume and -gives some
historical explanations in this connection
that are interesting.
As ther had IItd" ty -pry open Jan's
teeth -with the hatehet. I should think
that they would have spared a few mo
ments to tap him on the head with the
handle thereof— trat then that would have
spoiled the four pagres of lusty fightin"
snm to follow, (Published by McClure
Phillips & Co., .Nerr TorX Price, $1 50.) '
B. GL IiATHROR
Tits Anglo-Saxon Se-pie-wr.'
The ¦btra-na volume of "The Anglo-Saxon
Hevierr"" for, March is one of the most
notabl- publications of that month. Not
only for its mailer Hoes it deserve special
comment Trot In dress and typograpbv it
is practically perfect. One glance at it
and the book lever cctrid not possibly re
sist placing it oa his shelved The bind
ing: is of rir'a red and gold leather, and
the stamped designs show the best of
taslff arA. highest art. The illustrations
are Eieel «mgxaTed portraits of the high
est order. Too type and paper are In keep
ing "with the rest — easily read and of the
finest qtrallir.
Jan -was evidently a heavyweight lifter,
for they had to pry his teeth open with
a. Jnftchei. All of irtiieb reflects further
credit on Mr. Taylor, for he goes right
on with the fight after merely politely
expressing his relic?.
Even -with a. -wooden finger It is con
clraively shown that Taylor was a friend
.out of the ordinary, that he could sins
the praises of "Mistah Gordon, as brave
ami honorable a gentleman as ever hit the
trail aftah the dogs," even -while the fight
¦was on. :0-W~% ' ¦"-
Personally I think that Mr. Taylor must
have had a wooden finder and that Jan
got his mouth full of splinters for his
trouble.
. •Thank yon, suh; it is a powerful relief."
Anl Sir. Taylor proceeded to gather into his
arms ths victim's wildly waving legs.
'Xemme get the hatchet to him!" vociferated
tbe sailor. "Lemme get the hatchet!" He
shoved the f!p«1 edge close to Mr. Taylor's
finger and used the man's teeth as a fulcrum.
Jan held cn and breathed through his no3e,
melting like a grampus. "Steady, all! Kow
she takes it!"
"I' yen will allow me, Ulstah Lawson, be
foah we eo further in this rumpus, I would say
it wall a good idea to pry this hyer varmint's
teeth apart. Neither will he bite off, nor will
he Jet go. He has the wisdom of the sar
pint. suh. the wisdom of the sarpint."
"Stand by Jpr stays." As Lawson gave the
warning, Jan half lifted himself and the strug
gling quartet floundered across the tent into
a muddle of furs and blankets. In Its passage
it cleared th<? body of a man who lay motion
less, bleeding from a bullet wound In the
neefc.
"Steady, all!" Lawsoin the . sallorrnan,
bawled. "Jam his head Into the bean pot and
batten down."
".But my fing-ah, suh," ilr. Taylor protest
ed.
"L?Si?t> with y*r finger, then! Ahrays la
tie way!" .. ¦
"But I car.'t, Mirtah Lawson. It's In the
critter's gullet, and nigh chevr-d o~ as "Us."
But Jan kept his grip on the third man's
finger and squirmed ever tha floor of the tent,
into the pots and nqr.s.
"Touah no Kentl?man. suh," reproved Mr.
Taylor, his body foHowfns his finger, and en
deavoring to accommodate, itself to every jerk
of Jan's head. "You h»v killed Mistah Gor
don, as brave and honorable a gentleman as
ever hit the trail aftah tbe dogs. Youah a
murderah. suh, and wfchcut honah." -.:-
"Quit yer tantrums, Jan, an' ease up!"
ranted Red Bill, getting a strangle-hold on
Jan's neck. "\Yhj- on eerth can't yeh hang
decent and peaceable?'*
Jan rolled over, clawlnj . and kicking. He
was fighting hand and fcot now, and he
fourht crimly. silently. Two of the three
men who hung upon him shouted directions to
each other, and strove to curb the short, hairy
deril who would not curb. The third man
bov.'cd. His finger ivas between Jan's teeth.
I will give a part of what the Man with
a Finger has to say and then appeal% for
a verdict to any one who has a finger of
his own. If you are lacking in the ex
perience of ever having had your finger
chewed by a Jan you misht place a digit
in the door jamb, set a friend to close the
door gently at first and then as the pres
eare increases try to repeat the lines of
Mr. Taylor as interpreted by Jack Lon
don. Poss?bly % Mr. London has had his
own finger so placed— but I think not.
Now Mr. London does not say, but pos-
Fibiy this finger is a wooden one and the
Southerner is merely anxious lest the
paint pet scratched off it. If so, all
well and good. But if this finger Is mere
ly the normal digit of flesh and blood then
the words that London puts in the mouth
of the man with his finger in the other
man's mouth show that the author could
not have heard as well as he saw. That
is a ml'd way of putting it.
There is one point in "Jan, the Unre
pentant," that is either deeply hidden
humor or worse. Mr. London opens his
story with the fight in full blast. Three
men are endeavoring to overpower Jan.
One of these men, a "real Southern gen
tleman, suh," has his finger between Jan's
teeth.
Jan's campmates are busily trying to
hang Jan for the shooting of one of his
comrades. 'Jan 'objects and puts up a
royal fight, but finally agrees to the hang
ing. It Is found that there is nothing to
hoist him up to— no trees, no telegraph
poles, a bad country . for Judge Lynch.
One of the men is a sailor, however, and
rigs a scaffold in short - order. Just as
Jan is about to swing, the man who is
supposed to.be dead comes walking out
of tha tent and announces that he • was
merely stunned and proposes now to lick
Jan on general principles. They fight.
The curtain drops.
will of God and reckon a personal account
at the same time. "Jan, the Unrepent
ant," is another of this class— probability
waived for a surprise and a climax.
possesses great charm of manner, besides
being the work of a man thoroughly
versed in the lore of his art. To all music
lovers, to all art lovers, to all book lovers,
this little book appeals. (Published -by
Silver, Burdett & Co., New York. Price 75
cents.)
International Vest-Pocket Library.
The International VestrPocket Library,
just Issued by Laird & Lee of Chicago,- is
certainly a dainty and valuable collection,
These six little volumes, uniformly bound
in marbled paper, leather backs, include
works that are recognized as perfect in
their line. A delicate red border frames in'
every page and enhances the. general
beauty <of the. make-up. The titles com
prised are: The' Webster Dictionary, the
French-English Dictionary, the Spanish-
English Dictionary, the German-English
Dictionary, the Cyclopedic Question-Set
tler and "Electric Sparks," a teacher in
matters electrical. The dictionaries are
all indexed and contain the latest words
and most popular Idioms in the four lead
ing languages.' It. is remarkable for com
pleteness, attractiveness and everyday
usefulness. Its place Is marked on the
desk of the. teacher, student, Journalist,
business man, etc., and is indispensable
. for . every one wishing to travel in this
country or abroad. For a young, girl or
young man about entering high school or
college, no more appropriate present could
be found. The set is inclosed in a pretty
box. (The six •Volumes, $2 50.) l .
"Logic," by George H. Smith, . seems a
good commonsense treatise planned to be
within the easy comprehension of, all, and
one that will set the studies of the logi
cian in the right light before the less
scholarly. Mr. Smith's purpose is to show
that logic is of practical utility and not
merely a purely formal science concerned
with the* form and not with the thought
expressed. He claims that. logic does deal
with the matter as well as with the form
of thought and its expression; dnd that
it embraces, in its scope everything that
relates to the right use of words. He as
serts, further, that logic is the very foun
dation of rational education; that "it; is
indispensable to the rectitude ofithought
and of life, and that it is of great prac
tical utility to "man. (Published by G. P."
Putnam's Sons, New York. Price $125.)' .
vj \ ' /" " '•-¦¦¦ ¦ ¦ '-[•
Logic.
This . is an octavo volume of about 600
pages, printed on superior paper from
large and elegant type and handsomely
bound. (Published by C. V. Waite & Co.,
Chicago.. Price, cloth $2 25, sheep S3.)
., The work has received the indorsement
of eminent scholars in; this country "and
Europe,; among whom may be. mentioned
Bjornstjorne Bjornson, the late Dr. Sam
uel Davidson of London and. the late Pro
fessor Gustav Volkmar of Zurich. A .
back to the days of Jerome and Augus
tine, and is proved to have , had its foun
dation'in the teachings of Paul and in the
reported sayings of Jesus. * " . • H •
Dr. Edward Everett Hale relates this
story, of a recent experience: * "I was rid
ing, on a railroad train," says he, "and
the newsboy came along with an armful
of books. -He stopped at my seat and ask
ed me if I didn't want to buy a book.
'No, sir,': said I; 'I write bonk«? T rtnn-i
'¦ WIue d °oks. 1 aon t
D. Sidney Appleton, second vice presi
dent of D. Appleton & Co., sailed for Eng
land June 27 to take entire charge of the
London branch. As Mr. Appleton has
spent considerable time in London, he has
many friends among the English authors
and publishers. It is the purpose of ths
Appletons to engage more actively in the
competition for the products . of. foreign
pens to add to the firm's already large list
of American ' English authors. It is
understood that many Important engage
ments have been recently made and the
future will show some interesting devel
opments. "D. Appleton & Co.'s London
branch has been. in existence for nearly
seventy years and its numerous" connec
tions afford exceptional advantages In ar
ranging for new bo"6ks and placing those
of American authors.
Law," Allen, 120,000; "Richard Carvel,"
Churchill, 375,000; "To Have and to Hold,"
Johnston, 285,000; "When Knighthood Was
in Flower," Major. 325,000.
Books that have sold 100,000 copies from
1898 to 1901: "Alice of Old Vincennes,"
Thompson, 100,000; "Black Rock," Con
nor, 143,000; "The Crisis," Churchill, 100.
000; "David Harum," Westcott; 500,000;
"The Day's Work," Kipling, 100,000; "De
Willoughby Claim," Eurnett, 100,000;
"Eben Holden," Bacheller, 255,000; "Elean
or," Mrs. Ward, 100,000; "Helmet of Na
varre," Runkle; 100,000; "Hon. Peter Stir
ling," Ford, 100,000; "In His Steps," Shel
don, 150,000; "Janice Meredith," Ford. 250,
000; "Prisoner of Zenda," Hope. 100,000;
"Quincy Adama Sawyer," Pidgin, 106,344;
"Red Rock," Page, 100,000; "Reigii of
Book News for July opens with a short
story entitled "A Daughter of the Au
rora," taken from Jack London's "The
God of His Fathers and Other Stories."
Charles Malcolm Flandrau is the subject
of the biography and portrait; there is- a
page of patriotic poetry; Charles Felton
Pidgin has . something interesting to say
about his book, "Quincy Adams Sawyer,"
and Dr. Talcott Williams has his month
ly talk on the more important new books.
There are the usual reviews of other new
books, review3 of the leading- current
magazines, a small portrait and sketch of
Jack London, and a talk on the best sell
ing books of the past month.
Little, Brown .&. Co. report that Mary
W. Tileston's "Daily Strengh for Daily
Needs" 'has reached a total sale of over
200,000 copies. The book Is made up of
selections from the Scriptures and of pas
sages from various ancient and modern
authors that reinforce the divine thought.
"These words of the goodly fellowship
of -wise and holy men of many, times,"
says the author, "it is hoped may help to
strengthen' the reader | to perform the
duties and to bear the burdens of each
day* with , cheerfulness and courage."
That the book has fulfilled its purpose is
atteste'd by the constant ¦ demand it has
met with.
"Impostors Among Animals" are so nu
merous and so clever that Professor Wil
liam M. Wheeler's illustrated article on
their tricks and devices will probably be
a revelation to most -readers of the July
Century/ Some insects. It geems, could
give points to Sherlock Holmes.
Miss Agnes Fallows, who told in the
June Century- how men work their way
through college, will write in the July
number of, "Working One's Way Through
Women's Colleges." Her paper will be
fully illustrated.
The July Overland has an exceptionally
interesting article from the pen of James
F. J. Archibald on "Our Legion of
Honor."- Mr. Archibald from his long
service as war correspondent is well
versed In affairs military and has a large
store of anecdotes at his command that
always,- make prime reading. The pres
ent' paper/ tells Of the medal of honor
men; on the Pacific Coast— men who are
entitled -to the same consideration that is
accorded Englishmen who -wear the Vic
toria .Cross.
D. Appleton & Co.'s July announce
ments will include "The Beleaguered For
est." a romance, by Ella W. Peattie;
"Four-Leaved Clover," an every-day ro
mance, by Maxwell Gray, author of "Tho
Silence of Dean Maitland"; "A Woman
Alone," by Mrs. W. K. Clifford, author of
"Love Letters of a W r orldly Woman":
"The Story of Books," by Gertrude B.
Rawlings, and "The Story 'of King Al
fred," by the late, Sir Walter Besant.
Andrew H. Green, tho "father" of
Greater New York, says of Ulmann's
"Landmark History of New York": "It
is the most accurate book of its kind that
I have seen, and, whil«« couched in *a
form designed particularly to interest the
young people, it performs a valuable ser
vice in fixing the identity of many his
torical sites and landmarks of our great
city that might otherwise have been
lost." ' '
"Three new books recently published by
McClure, Phillips &, Co., namely, "The
American Salad Book,'" by Maximilian de
Loup; "The Darlingtons," by Elmore El
liott Peake; and "The Children of the Na
tions," by Poultney Bigelow, are being
brought out in England.
Within three weeks of its publication
the Macmlllan Company announce the
ISOth thousand of Winston Churchill's
new novel, "The Crisis." "Richard Car
vel Is nearly in Its 400th thousand.
For eix* months "Alice of Old Vin
cennes" has -held first place in the Book
man's list cf the six best-selling books.
Well, it deserves its popularity.
Literary Notes.
Mr. George M. Drum, the blind man
who keeps the "Little White Stand" for
the pale of newspapers, etc., in front Oi
Hale Bros.', on Market street, has gone
into literature* on his own account. In
hia announcement he says that the pres
ent little pamphlet, containing a short
Btory and a few verses, Is to be the first
of a series of travels In a wonderful sub
marine boat described in this tale. This
first story Is called "The Bottomless Lako
and Mysteries of the Haunted Cavern."
Mr. Drum la to be complimented both up
on "his grit in not giving way' to his un-~
fortunate affliction and also upon the ex
cellence of this fantastical bit of story
telling. "The Bottomless Lake" is an ac
count of a remarkable adventure in which
Mr. Drum himself is supposed to take the
leading part and meets with all sorts of
experiences in an apparently haunted
country. .
Tiie Bottomless Lake.
was cn the staff of the Tribune at" that
time, has gathered them all together and
caused them to be published in book form
—"A Little Book of Tribune Verses."
In the introduction to/ the volume it is
stated: - : ."'f "i ¦ ¦
"A number of the poems ' appeared In.
the paper over the signatures of well
known Denver men, a form of humor of
which Field was very fond and which he
afterward practiced in Chicago. To one
who" was familiar with the personality of
these men the poems have a peculiar zest,
but even deprived of this they can still
well afford to stand upon their own mer
its. Only 'one of them— 'Christmas Treas
ures'—appeared over his own name."
Although they were not then known as
the work of Field, their authorship would
now be plain to the many lovers of -the
genial poet's verse. They are filled with
his versatile spirit. This volume will make
a very acceptable addition to two volumes
of his newspaper | work in Chicago that
were published last year, "Sharps and
Flats." (Published by •Tandy. Wheeler &
Co., Denver, Colo. Price SI 50.)
The American development of coaching
interest has been very great in recent
years, and Edward Penfield's story of Its
ancestry in July Outing, Illustrated by a
delightful collection of drawings in four
colors, of ancient coaches from the ear
liest times to 1S30 is a most attractive
paper. Anglers the country over Just now
are thinking trout and talking trout, and
Professor John D. Quackenbos points out
a flood of Information on its habitat, its
ways, the lures and tackle to use for it
and how to use them. How to dress the
fish when caught is less well known than
the methods of angling. "Walton knew
both secrets, and Clarence Deming, after
the manner of his prototype, tells and il
lustrates by a special series of photo
graphs exactly how to handle the fish
from the creel to the table. The automo
bile is the great transit problem of the
day; everybody Is Interested in it. .but
few know much about it. J. A. Klngman.
a practical expert, with a capacity to Im
part his knowledge lucidly, has written
on "The Care of the Automobile," point
ing out the differences in mechanisms and
functions, and the best method of treat
ment of each class, of automobiles on "the
road and in storage. This is the camping
out season, and "Dick Swiveller" tells ex
actly what the camper wants to know—
what provisions to take,, what outfit; how
to prepare camp, how to build and ke«p a
fire and cook and mend, what to do to
keep out the wet and many other camping.
wrinkles worth knowing. Poultry keep- V
ing is a delightful occupation if one only
knows how to tegin. H. S. Babcock tells
just what breeds to select and why. "and
how and why to match them, and how to
feed the birds and build their houses. He
gives diagrams, too, and specially, pre
pared photographic illustrations, jj In ad
dition to these articles Outing for July Is
full of summer matter. J. "William White
tells of his "Summering in Norfolk":
Frank Farrington. "Bicycling From
Montreal to St. Anne"; Horace Hutchm
son, "The Most Difficult and Beat Holes
in Golf*'; Ada W. Anderson. "To the Sum
mit of Mount Rainier"; Mary B. Mullett.
"Country Walking for Women"; Gene
Streatton-Porter. "Bird Architecture";
Henry Chadwick. "Old-Time Baseball";
Robert Blight, "The Amateur's Garden":
Aloyslus Coll contributes another of hi3
"Forest Fables," John R. Spear explains
why "The America's Cup Is, Safe" and W.
H. Rowe relates "The Turf Career of
Hon. W. C. Whitney."
The International Monthly for July con
tains the usual number of important and
attractive articles. The question of
"Academic Freedom," which at present is
claiming: quite a share of public attention,
is discussed in a direct and vigorous fash-
Ion by President Hyde of Bowdoin. The
eminent educator is disposed to allow the
college professor almost every liberty ex
cept that of "incompetency." upon which,
however, he places a liberal construction.
Professor Scott ~ of Princeton contributes
the first Installment of a concise outline
of the "Evolution of the Mammalia."
and Professor Shaler of Harvard writes
. on "American Quality." This "quality"
he defines as "confidence in the fellow
man," in contrast with the inability of the
European to feel or to recognize that
"confidence In the essential likeness of the
fellow man'* in which the democratic in
stincts of the American have their origin.
Salvatore Cortesl describes in a graphic
way the peculiar conditions that surround
the "Vatican in the Twentieth Century."
The Hon. Bertrand Russell of Trinity Col
lege, Cambridg'e, discusses "Recent "Work
on the Principles of Mathematics" in an
article that i3 intelligible for the most
part to all and that is full of genuine lit
erary charm, thus "squaring the circle,"
as it were. Herbert Friedenwald writes
of the sufficient causes that led to the
Declaration of Independence, and admires
in the conception and wording of the
great document the master mind of Jeffer
son. The '.'Story of Ahlkar," by Professor
Barton of Bryn Mawr. is an exquisite lit
tle review, which shows how interesting
a most learned theme can be made. Pro
fessor Fetter puts in its true light the
valuable work of an "American, Econo
mist," and Brander Matthews -writes a.
few pages on the "Spelling of English."
He is optimistic enough to believe that an
era of common sense will at length besln
in this region of darkness and prejudice.
buy them. Folks who write books don't
by any possible chance ever buy books.*
The boy looked at me curiously for a few
moments, and passed- oh. Pretty soon ha
came back, holdinsr a book open. 'Say,
mister.' he broke out. 'I reckon here's a
book that you'd like to have, because lt'3
got your picture in it.' He handed to mo
a copy of Holman Day's book of Yankee
verse. 'Up In Maine.' It was open at tha
half-tone cut of the queer-visagred old man
•who illustrates the part. "Long Shore." I
bought the book right then and thern,
and before I had arrived at my destina
tion [ I read it every word." Dr. Hale,
-when he related this anecdote to the au
thor of "Up in Maine." awked curiously.
"Who is that old man whom newsboys
on trains mistake for me?" The eminent
preacher's amusement was deepened
¦when he was informed that the picturo
was that of Elbridgo Gerry Carr of Mex
ico, Me., one of the quaintest characters
in the State, a writer of rhymes and a
real son of the soil. Mr. Carr wears a
medal that he claims was sent to him by
Queen "Victoria in return for a poem that
pe wrote and sent to her at the time of
ner jubilee.
4
THE SUNDAY CAXL,.
WRITERS OF BOOKS
A. K. ROBERTSON.
SAN FRANCISCO.
Prices are always in the
Reading Notices.
\26 POST STREET,
Can Be Gbtained at
The Books Reviewed
ON THIS PAGE5
Sure-enough there "were three ' bright ,
lights— red, green and white— following in
our wake: They secm=d to be glaring at
iis like a hound .in pursuit of its prey.*
"Are they chasingus?" asked Madge.
"Well, it looks a bit like it," I answeredi
"Call Mr. ; Musgrave, Rogers." \ \ .•¦"*¦'
Jack came on deck, and his countenance
fell as he sawthe vessel astern.
"Drake," he said, "whatever happens
they. are not going. to take Eva away."
"No, they shall not," said the fierce lit
tle Madge.; "They can't, Air. Drakes can
they?" ¦ : ,- .' :: '¦
"We'll do our best' to give them the
Blip." I answered, "but^they have got the
advantage of us in speed."
¦ The tug drew up, and when her bow was
overlapping our quarter, a gruff voice
hailed, "What yacht is that?" > .
Rogers, with a capability for ready lying
that did him credit, answered, "Fleur de
Lys, Gravesend for Harwich."
"That can't be her," I' heard some one
say sot to voca.
ed impudence) to laugh, but ' she didn't.
She gave me quite a respectful glance,
then threw her arms around Eva's neck
and kissed her. She was a sympathetic
and affectionate little rogue.
We got quite cozy and companionable
over the tea-table. There is something In
the very smallness of a cabin that seems
to bring you all physically and psychical
ly close together — and I dare say you've
noticed it. Where have you any snugger
times than In a yacht's cabin? You. see,
you're altogether out of the world. Madge
was just charming— a captivating little
burlesque sailor boy. No Grampus uni
form had ever before been so graced; and
certainly no man-o'-war hat had ever
perched more daintily above such a bright
little face, or tried In vain to cover such
obstinate masses of wavy brown hair.
I reluctantly went on deck to relie% r e
Rogers, but pjresently Madge joined me.
"Two's company — you know the j rest,
Mr. Drake," she said. ¦
"I don't care about the \rest. Miss
. - •" ¦•¦. ¦/¦¦¦---!. ¦¦ .<••.¦¦'.'¦¦¦¦. a: 1 ¦ ' ¦: ¦ .¦-. . . ¦ ••¦ .:¦•-¦¦¦.¦¦:
get over that when we return to town." I
knew what Eva would have preferred to
the most valuable present— something that
would have completed her happiness.
Alas! my sailor boy was no more, and
women froze me. Still she was Madge.
.There was a stile . on the seawall— an
awkward one— and she required helping
over. There are two ways of helping a
girl over a stile, the polite way, which
amounts to nothing 1 , and the hearty one.
which does everything. • The former was
fqreign to me, the latter promised a
greater success. Raising the little burden
In my arms. I lifted her over the obstacle
in the twinkling of an eye— her eyes, for
they certainly did twinkle, and her lips
they smiled and her cheeks blushed. It
seemed a trifle — to make a man feel
heroic. •
"Madge," I said, "do you know the
kind of gift (that is If it can, be called a
gift) that Eva would most value this
morning— a mutual affair, you know?"
"No. Mr. Drake; at least I'm not quite
sure," she answered, casting her eyes on
the ground.
"Don't we seem to have known each
other for a lifetime. Madge? Of course,
if circumstances were otherwise I would
not be so precipitate. But when we meet
Eva can I tell her you and I h&xe agreed
? 1 sign articles?" 2
"I'm such a poor little sailor-boy."
"You are the dearest, pluckiest little
sailor-boy ushore or afloat. I've never
met a girl I should ca're to be shipmates
with for a day. let alone a life. But you.
my trusting, confident little Madge.' I've
made one short voyage with you, and
now I want you to sign on for life. I'm
not too rough a skipper for your*
"Xo, no. I shall never forget your kind
ness." ~* v;- *-' '.. ?'-?•
"Well then. Madge, agree to b« my
mate, and we'll defer starting on our
voyage as long- as you like."
"You really want poor llttl© me?" she
asked Ingenuously.
"You know I do, Madge. Can you trust
yourself to me?"
"I think so. Captain." she said.
We kept them waiting at the Vicarage.
"How long you have been, Madge," said
Eva.
"Madge and I have been delayed ar
ranging about a mutual wedding gift,
.^rs. Musgrave." I said.
"Oh, Eva," exclaimed my sailor boy.
"Ifs not a present at all. You will be
so disappointed. It's only that I've agTeed.
to sign on."
"Sign on, Madge, what do you mean?"
"The atmosphere of matrimony. Mrs.
Musgrave, and the thoughts of your hap
piness have been too much for Madge and
me, and we've agreed to follow suit— at
some time or other." .'• : ;
"Oh, are you really engaged? Madge,
my darling-, let me congratulate you. This
is noble of you, Mr. Drake, and I do so
hope you will be as happy as you have
made me."
There you have the complete yarn; now
ye scoffers, scoff to your heart's content.
But they didn't.
"What became of the heavy father?"
asked some one.
"I hope the two boys got away," said
another.
"I'm not on speaking terms with the old
man, but a friend of mine heard the wholo
however, we struck the wall just below
Havengore Cre'ek. I knew the spot well,
which was lucky. Looking back over the
sands, I saw two distant figures f ollow-
Ing us. •
: ''Jacfc." I said, "if we; can only put
Beauchamp on a false scent, you and Eva
will be safe. There's no time' to be lost:
listen to me. You and Eva go on by the
side of the creek, and you can either walk
to the village or get a bargee to take you
to Raglesham in his boat. You will be
sure to find several bargees off the brick
fields yonder. . Madge and I will decoy
Beauchamp northward toward Foulness;
then weUl give him the slip and return
aboard again before the tide has had
time to flow."
"I can't leave Madge." said Eva, anx
iously.
" "You must, Eva." said Madge. "Don't
trouble a bit about me. and besides I
can't go into civilization like this. Don't
ruin everything, Eva."
"Jack, we must not leave her," Eva
pleaded;
"Don't be silly," said Madge, and fling
ing her arms around Eva's neck kissed
her good-by.
We crossed the dry mouth of the creek
and hurried north along the sands. Our
pursuers sighted us and changed their
course. Presently we mounted the sea
wall and ran across its- summit until we
came to some saltings that afforded ex
cellent cover. ; Being out of sight of the
captain, we took refuge in a dry sully.
In a few minutes we heard the heavy
tread of feet and the muttered curses of
panting lips, and the captain and one fof
his officers passed. The old man seemed
pretty well done up and dragged himself»
along painfully. As they passed I felt
my companion thrust her arm through
mine and the moonlight fell upon a little
face plaintive in its excitement.
' "Thank goodnesa, he's gone." she said.
"Oh, how my heart is beating."
We waited a few minutes, then com
menced our walk back. Madge was feel-
Ing the effects of fatigue and excitement
and leaned rather heavily on my arm. I
would have gladly picked her up and car
ried her.
Well, to get to the end of my yarn, we
got aboard the yacht and told Rogers how
that the runaway couple had made good
their escape.
We got the yacht off as the tide flowed
and sailed round to Raglesham. The tug
was lying at anchor "with her crew turned
in as we got under way. Bringing up off
the village at about 9:30 o'clock, I hurried
ashore and was met at the causeway by
Mr. and Mrs. Musgrave. They had spent
the night in the village of Barling, and
gone on to Raglesham in the morning and
got married j as per arrangement. On
leaving- the church the welcome sight of
the yacht sailing serenely up the river in
the bright sunshine met their gaze.
Jack and his wife went on ahead to
warn his friend tha-t two more guests
Eva ran up to the Vicarage and bor
rowed some attire from, the vicar's wife
for Madge, and then we all went aboard.
We congratulated the happy pair, but it
was easy to see that a shadow of anxiety
rested on the bride's face. I guessed Its
generous cause. The wedding breakfast
was to be given at the Vicarage and
thither wo all presently repaired.
You're* keeping the gentleman waiting,"
paid the officer.
"Half a minute, sir, if you don't mind,"
raid one of them. The other young beggar
actually winked at me. Two other young
boys took the bags down to the boat, while
my two dived below.
"More farewells, . I suppose," I said to
the officer, with a smile. Some youngsters
were skylarking aloft— doubtless with a
purpose— and their daring gymnastics
caught the officer's attention. He took a
few steps forward and shouted for them
to come down, which they did not appear
anxious to do. Just then the, two boys re
appeared, and skipping across the deck,
descended the ladder. They had their sou'
westers pulled well over their faces, and
their oilskin coats were thrown over their
shoulders. I followed hastily, leaving the
officer rating the skylarkers. He came to
the gangway as we were entering the
boat, and hurled some sarcasm at the
boys for wearing oilys now the rain had
stopped, and also passed disparaging re
marks at their want of smartness In tum
bling into the dingy. It must have struck
the fellow as being strange that the boys
eat aft while Jack and I took the oars. In
fact, I saw a puzzled look come into his
face, and heard him utter an ejaculation
of surprise. He evidently thought some
thing strange was happening.
f'Hurrah!" she cried.
We soon arrived alongside the Lillth
and found Rogers had everything ready
We bent our backs to our work and sent
the little boat flying over the water. Our
two new hands sitting on the stern-bench
did not have the appearance of rollicking
young sea-dogs. Poor girl?, they had been
through a trying ordeal. Eva was"deathly
pale and not far off fainting, I imagined.
Madge had stood the strain best, and now
clasped Eva's hand tightly in hers, and in
many mute little ways tried to cheer and
comfort her cousin. As» we increased the
distance between us and the Grampus her
eyes brightened, and her face caught the
flush of excitement She did not allow her
embarrassment to overpower her, as did
Eva, but seemed to catch th'e true spirit
of adventure and rise upon it. As I
watched her little flushed face peeping
from beneath the sou'wester, I was forced
to admit that for the first time In my life
I was afloat with a girl who harmonized
with her surroundings. "You're a plucky
little girl. Miss Madge," I thought.
"They are not chasing us, are, they?"
she asked me.
"No. no," I answered, reassuringly,
"we've completely given them the slip."
for a start. There was a nice whole-sail
breeze from the westward, and in a few
minutes the yacht was under way, hurry
ing seaward. ,
Musgrave gave a sigh of relief, and the
tension of his features relaxed. "So far,
£0 good, Jack," I said.
"You're a good fellow, Drake," he re
marked, "and your nerves are like Iron."
I did not tell him what a miserable funk
I'd been in aboard the Grampus.
The girls had retired to the after cabin
to attire themselves more conventionally.
The skylight was opened an inch or so for
ventilation, and I heard Madge chattering
as I stood at the tiller. Then I heard Eva
utter an exclamation of dismay, and her
cousin exclaim. "Oh, goodness!" A si
lence followed— broken by Madge's rip
pling laughter. Evidently nothing very
serious had happened. Presently Eva said,
"You have my dress. Madge."— and the
reply came, "Certainly not, Eva. I'm all
right as I am— I don't care." Jack came
aft.
' "There's something wrong- with the
wardrobe," I said, nodding toward the
ladies' cabin. In a few minutes Eva's
head appeared at the companion, and Jack
ran to her.
"Oh, Jack," I heard her say, "those
stupid boys have made such a terrible
mistake. They packed their bags intend
ing to escape later in the evening, . and
somehow Madge's bag got mixed with
theirs, and now she finds that she has cot
Wood's things, and I suppose he has got
hers. What shall we do?"
I admit it was most heartless conduct on
my part, but really I could not help laugh
ing up my sleeve. But, you know, I did
not feel that the roguish Madge would be
overpowered by the contretemps. If, It
had been Eva who had lost her bag, I
should have been sorry for tier.
On a strong ebb, tide, and with the wind
dead aft, we made a good ten knots past'
the land. The night was clear, and we
should have the moon presently. One
thing was certain— none of the ship's boats
could overtake us while the breeze held, j I
began to feel hungry, which was. a' sure
sign my anxiety was wearing off. Rogers
came aft, and I went. down t<$ tea. '
Eva was looking pale and interestingly
distraught, but' she gave me a generous
smile and offered her hand. I was always
a lout with women, but to show how im
pregnated I was by the spirit of romance.
I bent down and kissed her fingers. Think
of that, ye fair damsels who have 'flouted
me! Jack was quite affected. I expected
our sailor boy (the very uniform suggest-
Madge, but the first is the solid fact."
"Jack told Eva, and she told' me, that
you were a wretch — a woman-hater."
"That's nnother fact." I remarked.
"I think It's shameful. You really can't
mean it, Mr. Drake?"
"To apply to you?" I put in, "certainly
not — that would be, absurd." ' \\
"Oh, I think I had better' go below
again." But she didn't.
"What a glorious night," she said pres
ently.' "It must be lovel" to be a sailor,"
and she commenced singing "A Life on
the Ocean Wave." Laugh if you like, but
we callous beggars are softer than we
think.
I "I say, won't you feel 'cold?. I can't
leave |he helm, and you'll find my pilot
coat hanging by the side of the ladder.
You'd better go and get It." She went
below and got the coat.
"Eva's looking very much better," she
said.
"I'm glad of that. Let me help you on."
Steadying the tiller with my knee, I held
the coat for her to slip her arms into it.
Girls always used to glare at me when I
helped them with their wraps and things;
but then I never knew which was the
right side up. and as often as not . helfi.
them upside down, or Inside out, or hind
part. before— never getting the right bear
ing of the things. But a pilot coat's dif
ferent. Madge slipped into it, and I'but
toned it and turned up the collar. You
see. her hands were half way up the
sleeve, so how could j she help herself?
She didn't say "thanks, very much." In
a tone that Implied "you clumsy idiot,
you." like girls generally do,; but just
looked at me, and a good deal more sen
sible and expressive I thought it. There
was a softened glitter in her eyes,' and a
little smile at the corners of her mouth
that spoke the truth. A good binnacle
lamp is always desirable. .
.' That was rattier a pretty sail down Sea
Reach— take it altogether.
' "I suppose Jack and Eva are discussing
the wedding," said Madge. - " -
¦ "I expect so. Jack : has -.made all ar
rangements. A chunvof his, a clergyman,
is doing temporary duty, at the village of
Raglesham and that's where we're bound
for. Jack told him to be ready first thing
to-morrow . morning. I If ! all goes well,
they'll be -man and wife i in a very few
hours now." .
' We had left the Nore Light astern when
Rogers icame aft. ¦'"¦.- ¦ -
"What's 'that chap doing* astern,' 1 sir?"
he asked. "Looks like 'a tug.", •
story from one of th© officers. Oh, he
trudged on to Foulness, and arrived at
the * village completely done up, so he got
a' bed and slept till late next morning.
Obtaining no tidings of his daughter, ho
drove to Snoeburyness in a cart, and then
returned to the ship, where a telegram
awaited him announcing Eva's marriage.
The boys escaped ashore during the com
motion that the • discovery of. the girls'
flight caused. The whole affair waa un
attended by a single regret— tor the sap
tain didn't count."
were coming along.
"What a .. funny experience It has all
been. Mr. Drake," said Madge, : "It:
seems like a dream."
• "A pleasant dream."
"I hope dear Eva will be happy. ' Do
you know, Mr.- Drake, I had a wedding
present for her in my bag, but those
, wicked . boys have got it now. Its loss
, worried me yesterday; I thought it was
a. bad omen."
' "I never, thought a word about a pres
ent—that was just like me. But we can
"It's a He," an angry voice ex
claimed. ("Oh. that's Captain Beau
champ," said Madge.) "It's the 'Lilith,'
and ¦ my daughter and Musgrave are
aboard. Let us come alongside, or by -^—
we'll sink you.*' ¦ .
"What's to be done, Rogers?" I asked In
a whisper. -- :
"He'll be drawing; more water than us;
let's gibe over and run into shoal water
on the edge of the Mapllns."
Jack sprang to the weather runner and
cast it off. The tug ¦was closing In upon
us when I put up the helm, and the boom
came over with a Jerk that made the ves
sel heel. Madge was standing by my
Bide, and I clasped her round the waist
to Bteady her. You know : a man can't
stand on ceremony in a sudden glbft.
Trimming in the sheets, we started off on
a broad reach for the sands.
' "If we can pick up the East Shoebury
buoy," said Rogers, "I know a llttlo
swatch-way we can run into." The tug
was after us, but as we neared the sand,
I heard the" engine-room bell ring, and I
guessed he was- slowing up. We sighted
the buoy, and Rogers taking the helm ran
the yacht into the swatch-way. The tug
dared not follow, and we noticed that she
came-to just inside the buoy.
"What's the -next move, Rogers?" I
asked.
"Well, sir, if .you want to give the old
gentleman the slip, I should run on*- till
we ground. Then go ashore."
"Jack," I said, "that's the very thing.
Beauchamp is.aure to come off in the tug's
boat."
"They're getting it over now, sir; I can
hear 'em."; ,
"Come along. Jack, fetch up Eva; we're
not caught yet,'nor will be. Hurry up, old
fellow; :. moments are precious. Hallo,
we're aground. You'll be air right here,
.Rogers?" ' , .•••-¦ ",¦',':''"?
Jack dived below and brought up Eva.
The dingy was alongside and the girls
were helped in. ., ;.* : v^ £,
"It's just, possible, Rogers, that I may
come back presently, so keep a lookout
for me." .. .'
A few strokes 'brought us into, shoal
water/ and ,we carried the girls on to the
dry I sands.- The moon' had ; risen clear of
the Kentish ' hills . and ¦ I • was able to - see
theltug's boat making for the Lilith.
"Coma along : let's \ run for , it," I . said.
Jack, took Eva's hand and, I Madge's and
off we started.' Those Mapllns are a con
founded width and . it seemed' as though
we' should never reach the shore. At last,
¦. . . . •....-...-..¦ . . ;
conventional, though that was not our
fault.
I am ready to admit that I funked go-
Ing aboard the Grampus for those '"boys."
I told Jack It was clearly his duty, but
he excused himself on the ground that
he might be recognized. He 'remained In
the boat while I ran up the accommo
dation ladder and stepped through tha
gangway, whera a petty officer was
standing guard.
"My boys ready?" I asked. ,
*"Oh. let me see, youjre from the yacht.
Yes, I think they're rc*ady, sir. Here, boy,
run down and send Davis and Wood on
deck."
I desired to pet on friendly terms with,
tii« officer, so produced my cigar case. It
was all I could do. Had It been possible
I would have stood him as much whisky
as he could swallow, regarding the ex
pense as nothing-. /
Two boys came on deck with their kit-\
bags. There had been a bit of a- shower
a few minutes before, so they had their
sou'westers on. #¦
"Now, Uu»n» *ra jh»u ,TgJlg£> therjj.
" i
WELL* w» can understand Mus
grave' s marrying., but you.
Brake, ruch a blatant misogyn
ist, to fall a prey to a. petti-
coat—**
There'* where yow're wrong, old Jnaa,* 1
1 said;- "It wasn't a petticoat. **
"Wasn't a petticoat!" exclaimed my
friend.
"Not a bit of It. You know Td for
eworn petticoats. **
"How the deuce did yon get married
inen?"
"Thereby hangs a tala," I remarked.
And I toM It
It came about through Jack "Mupgrave's
Jailing over head and ears la lore with
-Eva. Beanchamp — it common or garden
j>arty attachment. The affair, however,
jiut on a different complexion later, lor It
B.I->I>e&red that Eva's papa and Jack's gov
¦error were on terms of the bitterest eo-
Jnitj--.
There were sfx training ships on the
Tiver Thames, so I shall not be personal in
referring to one of them under a fictitious
name. Captain Beauchamp commanded
the Grampus, and during his earlier
career in the navy nis superior officer.
Commander Musgrave, had reported him
lor some dereliction of duty, whereby his
prospects were blighted. So that our
Borneo and Juliet had parental Montagues
and Capulets to thwart their love.
It does not naturally follow that th»
commander of a training ship should be
a cross-grained martinet, though the life
Tnay be conducive to such a development;
but the captain of the Grampus was an
autocrat of the good old school. His
daughter, however, possessed a sweet lit
tle will of her own. and refused to be the
slave of her arrogant father. She was a
handsome blonde, and proved herself to
be as sweet and gentle as she was do
voted and determined.
"When the old man heard of the engage
ment he fumed and made the atmosphere
of the battleship a bit suffocating^ but as
tc-OE as his fury had effervesced itself Into
a elate of calm he chuckled and thanked
his stars he lived on a vessel moored out
on the river and not ashore. He was cap
tain of the Grampus and could rule all
aboard with an iron hand. No medieval
Baron could have dealt more effectively
with a recalcitrant daughter than it was
ir. his power to do. So Eva was locked
In l.er stateroom at night and confined to
the £±Jp during the day. He vowed he'd
bring tb« sirl to her senses.
M-usgraTe took me into his confidence;
tis great wish was to find some means ol
o-omnmricatinr with Eva.
7W* oagbt to be able to manage that.**
3 said. "My boat is moored under th«
rtera ol the Grampus and I've often seen
M!ss Beanchamp standing on the gallery-
Come and spend a few days aboard and
we'll try and open up communication with
fcer."
He did so. and Hiss Beauchamp soon
recognized him. It was rather a quaint
balcony scene-^Juliet leaning over the rail
of the stern gallery of the old warship
and Romeo (in a sou'wester) serenading
her in dumb show 'ram my dingy. He
•waj eager to instruct and she quick to
learn, and a post was established by
means of a fishing line suspended from
her stateroom window.
TCIth a discreet fellow like myself act-
Ing as Postmaster General, this clandes
tine corre?ponder.ce was carried on suc
cessfully. The first letters that passed
were merely silly protestations of love
end did not concern me. but presently Eva
wrote in a different strain. Her father
¦was treating her shamefully— she could
r.o longer tolerate the indignities of her
position. Her cousin Madge was coming
on a visit, and they would take counsel
toseiier.
A second young lady appeared on the
rtern gallery the next day— a piquant lit
tle brunette— an affectionate and impul
sive creature, to Judge from her bearing.
I was not wrong In thinking that this
little Madge would bring matters to a
crisis. That night's post brought us the
following- from Eva:
"ily cousin and I have seriously dis
cussed my position, and I have resolved
to put an end to this Intolerable captivity.
Escape Is most difflcult. as there la al
ways an officer on watch to prevent tho
boys from deserting. We hope, however,
same opportunity will aid us."
"We discussed the matter half through
the night, and the result of our delib
erations was that Alusgrave asked her to
elope vrith him. so that they could bo
married at once. This she agreed to do,
nrsd asked Jack to help them to escape
from the ship, stipulating that Madge
was to come, too, for she would not leave
her cousin to meet her father's wrath.
nor would Madge leave the ship until
she <Eva) had got safely away.
Tfcis step decided on we made our plans.
I wrote to the captain in the name of a
fellow clubman whose yacht lay further
down the river, asking' to be supplied
•with a couple of time-expired lads. The
ship. I knew, was always glad to find
berths for the boys, and I received a re
ply staling that two reliable lads were
at my disposal and awaiting instructions
to join the yacht. Of course we were act
ins in collusion with Eva, and after com
municating' with her, fixed a certain
evening on which to call for the boys.
In the meantime the girls had to arrange
their difficult and trying escapade, and
Jack to st-.e to his part of the contract.
Our anxiety was lightened by our knowl
edge at the fact that the boys' on the ship
liked Eva as much as they hated the
captain, and I had little doubt that the
bewitching: Madge would soon surround
herself with a train of loyal courtiers.
We moved the yacht half a mile down
the river, and there waited the eventful
day. My man Rogers, t being: a trust
-vorthy fellow, was taken In our confi
dence. He grinned. "I've seen some mm
starts In my time, sir, but this beats all."
Rogers was familiar, but he was loyal;
and as a matter of fact It was a bit un-
THE SUNDAY CALL.
MY SAILOR
BOYSOME VERY EXCENTRIC
DISPOSALS OF PROPERTY
o aj7 CHEN Benjamin Franklin died,
VVJ in 1790. he left a small sura of
\j\j money which was not to be
usfd until the twentieth cen
tury. His gift is at last available, and
the sum now amounts to $375,000, having
been Invested at compound interest.
The trustees of the Franklin fund have
decided to use the money for the erection
of a Franklin Institute in Franklin
square. Boston.
Curious provisions made by will are
more common than 'one would suppose.
Within the last few months there have
been several examples of eccentric dis
posals of property. To one young woman
has been left S23.000 by her brother under
the express conditions that she neither
marries nor becomes a nun. If the con
ditions aro. not fulfilled tho money i3 to
be distributed among other relatives.
To his three daughters an Italian who
recently died left $500 a year each if they
remained single and $2500 each a year if
they married. ¦
V A late member of the English Parlia
ment left by will to his two daughters
5720.C0O, with the provision that the money
is only to be payable if they attain the
age of thirty-five without marrying either
a citizen of the United States or a He
brew. , ¦ ' ' \ . • *
More singular even than these odd be
quests was Lord Bute's wish, expressed
Just before his death,' 'that his heart
should be taken to the Holy Land and
burled on Mount Olivet, which was ac
cordingly done. . .-.,_- .
Even more eccentric than these strange
bequests was Lord . Southey's cool ar-
rangement ,for suicide . by means of . a
guillotine. He had a magnificent one
erected In the drawing-room of his house
In the Rue do Luxembourg at Paris. The
machine was of ebony, inlaid with gold
and silver, the framework carved with
artistic skill. The knife, sharp as a razor,
jwas of polished and ornamental steel.
Preparing for death, his Lordship had his
hair, cut close, and, clothed in a robe of
white silk, he kneeled upon the platform
under the knife before a mirror and
pressed the spring which should release
the knife, but the spring failed to act,
a'id.the .would-be suicide decided to give
the guillotine , to a museum instead of
making a second attempt to end his life.
It is said he made an annual pilgrimage
to see the guillotine until the end of his
life. . -"' •"'.--" ' ¦ ¦./¦ "¦'.'. ¦:.- . -
On the banks of the Purus,. in South
America, dwells a peculiar tribe of people
who are spotted in a queer manner. Ail
members of ¦ the tribe are similar in this
respect, women . and - children being: mot
tled black and white. ;
Telegraph WIres Are
Good Weather Prophets
CCORDING to Dr. Eydam, a Ger
/lJ\ man physician, there are no more
it "^ reliable weather prophets than tel
- egraph wires. This novel discovery
was made by him in . the following 'man
ner: As be was waiting for a train at a
country- station ho heard a shrill sound,
which was made by the wind as It passed
through a ¦ net work of nearby wires. At
once'the doctor remembered that he had
frequently heard a similar sound either
immediately before or after a stornVor a
heavy fall of rain or snow, and it natur
ally, occurred to him to try and ascertain
whether there was any connection be
tween the sound and such changes in the
weather.
As a heavy shower of rain fell within
forty-eight' hours after! he had heard the
•ound at iJne railroad station, he conclud-
ed that there was such a connection, and
he then determined to investigate the
matter thoroughly. As a result he now
maintains, first, that any unusual disturb
ance in the telegraph wires is an infallible
indicator of bad weather, and. second
that the nature of the changes In the at
mosphere may be learned-frOm the sound"
which the wind makes when passing
through the wires. \yV : ;> * H
Thus a deep sound, he says, which is of
considerable or medium strength indicates
that there will be slight showers of rain
with moderate winds within from thirty
to forty-eight hours, and.^ on the other
hand, a sharp, 8hrill sound is the sure
token of a heavy storm, which will be ac
companied by much rain or snow.
. « The ratio of paupers in Minnesota In 1900
was 43S0 for each million of population.
THE fruit garden comes, well within
the range of household economics.
An acre is none too_iru»eh for it. yet
it may be brought within the con
fines of an ordinary village lot. The tini
est back yard has space for at least a
grapevine, a dwarf fruit tree and a
strawberry barrel. Set the vine so it may
be (rained over a light trellis shading the
back door. Dig out a hole for it at least
three feet square and board the hole all
around with rouph lumber painted with
coal tar. This will last a long time and
keep t'.ie vine roots from damaging: drains
or cellar walls, If, every fall,, when the
sap is well down, the roots are cut along
the board line with an ax or sharp-edged
spa<3e. Such root pruning* properly done
is an aid to health and fruitfulness.
In the corner farthest from the vine set
the tree. The strawberry barrel needs all
the light and sunshine possible. It must
be stout and well hooped, otherwise it is
not worth while. Begin by taking out one
head, then bore the sides full of two-Inch
holes and bottom full of half-inch ones.
Bury it half way, fill with very rich earth,
set some sort of drain in the middle and
let the earth slope . lightly toward the
drain. Plant a strong vine in every hole
and a row all around the top. A barrel
prepared in May or June and well tended,
especially if planted with pot-grown
vines, ought to bear., next season. The
main trouble is to keep it well watered.
In warm weather water it twice a day,
before sunrise and late In the afternoon.
Once a week give a copious watering of
liquid manure. Pick outsail weeds and
semi-occasionally lighten the earth with
a garden trowel. Protect through the
¦winter with boughs of i cornstalks. In
spring, as soon as the buds swell, water
plentifully, and. until the berries are with
in a fortnight of ripening, give liquid ma
nure twice a week. When the earliest
fruit begins turning white stop the ma
nure water, but double the supply of
SIMPLE HINTS FOR A SUCCESSFUL FRUIT GARDEN
f resh. By renewing earth and vines ev
ery second year, after bearing time, the
barrel may be kept indefinitely in com
mission.
A plat of 93 by 50 feet may be made to
yield an astonishing supply of fruit. Given
such dimension in the brick shape un
luckily, so common, run narrow paths
down each side next the fences and plant
in them grape vines with roots projecting
inward. For six inches around the stems
the earth should be kept light and loose
and in winter the whole root spread needs
a good coat of coarse manure. Train the
vines up against the fence or on wires
stretched inside it. Keep the canes well
shortened and summer prune from." June
forward, rubbing off all but two or three
new shoots. In the fall cut back these
new canes to sound, fully ripened
wood. .
All along beside the end fence dig! a
trench four feet wide and five feet deep,
the whole plot breadth. Board up ] the
sides stoutly with well-tarred boards,
then fill in the first with a foot of stones,
brickbats, old shoes, bones and general
coarse litter. Upon top of that put six
inches of rotted manure, and cover with
rich earth to within a foot "of the top.
Thus, in spite of the boarding which will
keep in the roots, the trees will be in no
danger of starving.
• Plant three dwarf fruit treats In the
ditch, spreading out their roots well, then
filling in the remaining foot with the fin
est, lightest earth. Tramp and pack firm
ly, heaping .the earth a little, then mulch
the whole trench surface thickly so as to
keep down the weeds. Once In six months
or so rake off the mulch, dig up the whole
space, using a three-tined fork, and never
prying out the roots, replace the mulch,
thickening it as necessary, and water
•whenever there is even a hint of 'drought.
Fruit trees will always be the better for
a copious sunset watering, also at mid
day or 1 o'clock, if the leaves droop per-
ceptibly. #
A good tree selection is a pear, a peach,
a plum, or a cherry. Choose a very early
pear and a very late peach. Very early
peaches seldom bear fruit enough to be
worth while. A medium early sort will
give more satisfaction. Keep down all
suckers. Dwarf trees being grafted upon
other than their own roots, if alien shoots
come up, the budded trunk will die. Sum
mer prune, which means pinch back all
shoots to a compact, symmetrical -head,
flattish rather than round, with no branch
extending beyond the trench. Every
spring dig away the earth around the
trunks down to the crown of the root, ex
amine for borers, and, if found, dig them
out and burn. Wash the trunks well with
strong soap suds the first warm day. If
insects attack the foliage either cover
them, a tree at time, with a sheet
or burn half a pound of sulphur under
neath it, or spray well with some insecti
cide. - . _.fe .
Considering the conditions in which he
was found. It Is evident that he was asso
ciated with a late period of the new stone
age of Egypt He was burled in a char
acteristically neolithic grave (the graves
of tib&i period are covered with rude slabs
of Ftone), and has neolithic pots and
chipped flint weapons and knives found
In ether parts of the world. The line,
thin knives were perhaps placed in tho
trave as part of a funeral 'ritual. They
should be compared with the Egyptian
tints In the prehistoric section of the
i: zseum: they are almost identical with
f ose found In the grave. There Js, of
c. urse, no inscription of any kind on the
pots, knives or grave, all having been
— ade long before the invention of a
v ritten language. It is curious to note
that certain ancient Egyptian documents
ruention traditions of a race called the
irebennu. who had red hair and blue
eye*. This man had distinctly auburn
P" ir. He was buried on the western shore,
later times every Egyptian was burled
on that side of the river, and Egyptian
models cf the death boats on which the
booy v.as ferried over the stream may be
seen in tbe Egyptian gallery. — The
Sphere.
The grave was flrst seen by a wander
ing Arab; he reported his discovery to a
British official, who immediately eent a
couple of Egyptian soldiers to guard it
day and night until it could be safely re
moved. The body is not a mummy of the
ordinary historic Egyptian period, such
as that of Rameses II, the father of the
Pharaoh of the Exodus. It was never
bound up In linen or cased In any paint
ed coffln. but was merely coated with a
preparation of bitumen, the Arab word
for which is jmumia: hence our word
mummy. To reach the period when this
man hunted along the banks of the Nile it
Is necessary to travel backward in time
through the modern period since Eliza
beth, through medieval Europe, through
the whole history of Rome and Greece,
past the time of the earliest mummied
king the museum possesses, past even
Menes. the earliest king to which Egyp
tian records make reference, who. ac
cording to Mariette. ruled about 5004 B.
C. Then we are among two prehistoric
races, one of the conquerors and the
other the conquered, out of which sprang
the Egyptian race of the earliest dynas
ties. It is with these remote stocks that
this man Is connected. '¦- ': V ;:
£-p{HE Egyptian gallery at the British
1 Museum has Just come into posses-
I «ion of the mummy of a man which
j^ may well be the oldest known body
of any human being. The facts con
cerning it are briefly summed up
In the following particulars:
Oldest
Mummy Yet
Found.
• Probably the class who are the best
buyers of these colored-to-order meer
schaums is collegians, who want to show
fine pipes, but who have neither the pa
tience nor thejriull to produce tho effect
themselves. .
The best meerschaums, it is said, come
from Turkey, and the designs are worked
out and cut upon the meerschaum In Vi
enna.
This kind of work as a rule takes all
the time and attention of the men. but
some or them are so perfect that they
can devote themselves to designing
shapes and figures fcr new pipes, special
attention being given to the possibility of
producing quaint effects in the coloring.
The highly accomplished among: these
young fellows can get away with four
ounces of tobacco a day. They are paid
weli, and they have their regular holi
days. Some of them have been with
their employer for five years. But it
isn't a business in which on© may stay
a- lifetime, for, though they appear able
to smoke for years, night and day, with
out hurting them, when they get to bo
old men their occupation has made them
too nervous to be useful. The proprietor
himself smokes not at all, when
he Is teaching an apprentice how to go
about It. The new hand receives a cheap
pipe, and after being toJd how to go
ahead is left to himself to show what he
can do. There are prize competitions,
and these thirty newly arrived young men
who are on an upper floor, when they
become proficient are graduated to taJce
their seats with the notables on the sec
ond floor, back.
can take his pipe and hava It smoked
until the desired color Is obtained. Such
an enterprise exists In the outskirts of
London and makes a fine competence for
its proprietor, an Austrian. It Is a larga
house that used to be the country seat
of an English gentleman. Hither come
every day a score of young men who are
the "experienced employes of the house.
They pass upstairs to the business room
in the rear of the house, seat themselves
In arm chairs and forthwith begin their
day's work of smoking meerschaum
pipes. Each one knows the art of smok
ing steadily, neither too fast nor too
slow. The tobacco they use is a special
blend of the proprietor's, for he knows it
is only rarely that the right kind of to
bacco is used for thl3 purpose. The bowls
of the pipes which these young men
smoke are covered with wash leather so
that they cannot by any chance be
harmed or improperly stained.
•"VOLORING a meerschaum Is a long
I / and delicate process, and unless &
\l m \ man likes to do a difficult feat
j"^ there la no reason why he should
V get himself to the task of putting
a beautiful shade on his costly pipe. That
is a business In Itself, and an experi
enced smoker knows, or can learn the
location of establishments to which he
About
Meerschaum
Pipes.
Mr. and Mrs. Virgil If. fiikuUch.
put aside, and the man kept the old mot
to, "If at flrst you don't succeed, try, try
again." constantly in his memory. 1
Then one gloriously sunny day he
gained his point," and has never lost an
inch of ground, and, Judging from the
looks of things at the present time, never
will. S
These two tall Dalmatians seemed made
for each other. . •
As Bakulich said, "What wrs the
earthly use in waiting for a long time?
I loved Andriane and she loved me, so
why not get married and spend my va
cation together?" '
So he insisted, and insisted " and kept
right on insisting until Andriane married
him "to get rid of him." .
It took Just fifteen days fiom the ctart
of the courtship to the happy consumma
tion, and Virgil thinks he wasn't so very
slow. •
it wasn't so awfully strange, after all,
perhaps. Their parents had been neigh
bors for years, and Virgil could lie In his
bed and see the house that Andriane was
born in. • , • .~-
This tall bridal couple started out on
their wedding trip. They visited various
parts of Europe, and wandered aimlessly
hither and thither until it was time for
Bakulich to report at police headquarters
in San Francisco. i .
Then he brought the girl who had only
known him for such a brief time across
the water. Away from her family, all
her friends, and even her country. She
certainly proved her love for him when
she did that, for it requires strong con
victions and great moral courage to leave
behind, all that is connected with one's
youth' and to tear oneself away from
father and mother.
She believed as did our friend of long
ago, "Whither thou goest. I will go,' 1 and
like her also, went.
When reached New York the
policemen had already heard the news
and they were brimful of curiosity. They
met Mr. f.nd Mrs. Bakulich and ques
tioned them fast and furiously. Didn't,
Wasn't— and - Wasn't Didn't, all over
again. Talk about women! y
Through It all Andriane could only smile
and now • and trfffi resort to her hand
language, which, by the way. has im
proved wonderfully since her sojourn in
this city.
The fellow officers insisted that an in
terpreter had been employed and that Vir
gil had met his wife in Rome. How could
Bakulich get up enough nerve to propose
to .a girl through another fellow, and
stand right beside her at that?
To all kinds of vigorous expostulations
and Indignant "I dldn'ts" they deliberate-
ly closed and barred their ears. It was
delightfully romantic to think that one of
them had stood In the Parthenon by
moonlight and had been bo eminently suc
cessful.
"Why. the idea of It; It's absurd 1 My
wife and I can talk with perfect ease In
several languages," and Bakulich fairly
bristles when he even thinks, about it.
They slipped quietly into San Francisco
tired and awfully cramped, for six days
and nights in a Pullman Isn't a restora
tive for anybody, let alone seven-footers.
Everywhere they went the same curious
crowd turned and gazed and made re
marks, and they still continue to do so,
by the way.
California people are accustomed to
large girls and are Justly proud of them,
but they don't, as a rule, raise girls who
go over the six-foot mark.
Business kept him away. His relations
insisted on giving him dinners, luncheons
and every other old thing to keep him
busy. His friends took occasion to tease
him a little. Everything went wrong for
two long, miserable weeks, but Cupid had
sent too straight an arrow to be lightly
Then he tried to get an introduction to
her, for he somehow felt it in his bones
that she was the only girl on earth for
him.
Then everybody commenced to iaugh.
and Virgil failed to see tho Joke. But
only for an instant. Several girls were
coming toward the group of men, and
one girl loomed above her companions
head and shoulders. What was -more to
the point she was pretty, and from the
way she was* smiling appeared to be Jolly,
too.
So that was the first gllmps.e that Bak
ulich got of his wife. - :
That's where he showed the man in him.
No, Vir wasn't married yet.
"Well, old man. you are getting old
enough to commence thinking about it."
Informed his kind friend. "What kind of
girls do you like?"
Then it ¦was that Bakulich settled down
and told them that he couldn't find any
one to please him, and furthermore, that
he wanted a wife who could look into his
eyes without standing on a chair. He
liked large girls, the larger the better,
only they must be pretty.
So Virgil met and confabbed with his
friends of long ago. It took them some
time to get over the marvel of his six feet
and about as many inches and his 350 solid
pounds. Then they commenced to ply him
with questions about America and the life
that he led out in that far-away place.
One fellow said: .
"Not married yet, are you, Vir?"
If he had. he micht have thought twice
before leaping, but as it was he walked
right into Cupid's little snare Just ! as
many another fellow had done before him.
How could he help U when love and fate
led the way? , '
About eight months ago Virgil N. Bak
ulich, known as the tailest policeman in
San Francisco and a brilliant Greek schol
ar, took it into his head to visit the home
of his boyhood days.
Little did he dream that he would go
over one and come back two.
A real, true love story in which Cupid,
a man's determination and a few kind
friends figured strongly.
She has a romance!
her interesting, and more than her pretti
nesg to talk about.
LEAH MAT must look sharp. She
will find that there are other tall
people — and not so very far away
from her height, either. _
Andriane Babulich is six feet four
and a half inches taiL Her four and a
half inches creep to five and a half, and
sometimes add an extra half-inch wlien
she puts her shoes on.
And she is still growing!
People who profess to know all about it
and -who tell how old you are by your
teeth claim that no one attains the full
height until 25 years old. If that is
the case, then. Indeed, may Leah com
mence to think ft Is time to grow a Uttle
more, for Andriane Is only in her twenti
eth year.
Andriane Bakulich has another advan
tage over many women. Not satisfied
with standing head and shoulders above
them, sne has the audacity to have a prct
ty face.
She Is slender and carries herself to
make the most of every inch. She knows
full well what a fright she would be If
Fhe doubled tip and tried to conceal that
Mother Nature had modeled her after her
own pet design. Then Nature, for ono<>.
finished her task. She gave her that soft
voice that so many Europeans are proud
of. and a decidedly pretty Frenchy man
ner.
Indeed, she talks with' her hands. If she
didn't 6he would be In dire distress all of
the time. As it fs, it Is about even up.
It isn't because she is stupid, for she can
Jabber in Just about seven languages more
than rr.ost English people, but she only
knows how to say "thank you" and par
don me" in our language.
But Mrs. Virgil N. Bakulich has more
than her extraordinary height to make
SAN FRANCISCO'S
TALLEST
POLICEMAN
AND HIS
ROMANTIC MARRIAGE
The only consolation that Mrs. Virgil N.
Bakulich has for being called a freak and
for being a stranger In a strange land is
that she is still horribly Interested In her
own husband.
They both agree that Cupid had a. fin
ger In their pie, and maybe two.
"Andriane gets lonely and It Is hard on
her because she can't understand people.
She appears at poor advantage, too. Oh,
we are uaed at people staring now. They
always do," and Bakulich chuckled as he
recalled the rubbernecks.
Mrs. B. with girlish pride showed me
her wedding frocks. Just for fun I tried
one on and I looked like a baby in long
clothes and was almost as helpless. When
the skirt was fastened a la Mother Hub
bard fashion It was too long to'comfort
ably walk In.
Then It was that Bakulich said all sorts
of bad things about himself for bringing
his wife to_a new country, but wound up
with the question, "What else could Z
do?"
Verily, what else would any other man
do?
After fl^.een minutes' talk we came to
the collusion that Mr. Baku-
HcX 1 was the only thing that both of us
were certain of, excepting: that we had
succeeded most beautifully In waking up
the lord and master of the house. Then
I waited for Virgil and while I sat waiting
a dainty table was placed before me, and
coffee, rolls and fruit were served ma by
his wife.
"Got any rags, bottles, sacks to-day?"
or "Strawberries, strawberries: 10 cents a
box. Want to see them, lady?"
A dozen times a day Andriane goes to
the door, and a dozen times a day she
fails utterly to comprehend what the
caller wants unless he pokes his wares
under her nose.
Think of being in a strange country
with absolutely no frl?nds and not being
able to understand a word that is spoken
to you! Think of the thousand and one
vexatious things that araf always and for
ever bobbing up to annoy you. when you
are not fully able to Rive tit for tat. Im
agine how dreadfully hartdleapped yon
would be in every respect, and how terri
bly lonely and stupid it would be. It
would take an American girl Just about a
month to get Rood and sick of It and to
pack her little trunk and go home to
mother.
Perhaps Dalmatians train their children
better than most Americans do. for An
driane has been over here between three
and four months and she i3 decidedly
cheerful yet and delightfully hospltabl*
when she gets a chance.
When I called at their flat the maid
chanced to answer the bell. Yes: Mrs. Ba
kulleh was at home, but sh« couldn't un
derstand a word of English. Should, she
call her?
Then the mistress of the house appeared,
and I wondered whether I should better
take to my heels and run while I had a
chance, for she looked like a giantess who
had Just stepped out of a fairy book.
After a while they settled down In a
cozy flat on Taylor street and spent their
time In getting furniture large enough to
be comfortable. No ordinary sized bed
room woii'd do for them. Well, hardly, as
the bed is in Itself over eight, feet long
and takes up a goodly space the other
way. Everything In their house Is built
on the extension plan. Imagine one of
them sitting on a tiny chair! -it might fall
down in the first place, and. secondly,
their knees would be In their faces all the
time, and last, but not least, that position
Isn't at all graceful.
But though the path of their love was
not strewn with thorns, it wasn't exactly
covered with roses either. When Virgil is
afhome there Is no difficulty, but the>
minute he goes out about his duties trou
ble is sure to brew.
B-r-r-r goes the doorbell.
THE SUNDAY GALL.
6a more comfortably Inhabited look than
low, easy chairs, hassocks and footstools,
rich sofa cushions and broad couches. In
a room which bears the impress of re
fined, intelligent living there should also
be at least one broad, substantial table at
which to write and on which lie the latest
magazines or the last popular novel, etc.
¦i his table, to be complete, should hold a
shaded light, either an electric light
brought up from the floor or down by a
cord from the ceiling (it can be so shaded
and arranged as to represent a handsome
reading lamp) or one of the tall lamps In
standards called banquet lamps. This
lamp can be so decorated with an artistic
shade as to be one of the features of your
room.
One thinks of an easy chair as. neces
sarily an expensive piece of furniture, but
a determined and energetic woman can
get around this obstacle by searching the
Becond-hand shops for a large, comfort
able, stuffed chair, -the glory of whose
covering has departed. It may once have
been covered with brocade, but she can
rejuvenate it with some or the art denims
which are brought in such soft shades of
old blue, dark blue, green, old rose, dark
brownish red and clear -wine color that it
will affiliate much more congenially with
its inexpensively artistic surroundings
than if clad In brocade. The striped can
vas, cross-legged chair which is bought
for porches and which costs from SI 50 to
J2, can, with taste and very little trouble,
be transformed into something handscme
enough for a room of this character.
¦ While not 'made on the precise principle
of the Morris chair, it can be let down to
any angle of extension one requires.
Therefore If rubbed down and painted to
look like ebony and stretched wilh tapes
try or . velours instead of awning goods,
then filled with cushions of eiderdown cov
ered with silks or rich brocades, it is
transformed into an extremely handsome
article of furniture. A tiny brass beading
let into -the wood of the pieces which
come down the sides makes a still pret
tier finish. More cheaply still. I have seen
one of these chairs ebonized and having a
As you have not a har*dwood floor, cover
it with dark red filling and lay a Turkish
rug under the table. It would be well if
this rug also had some blue in it. Cer
tainly there Is nothing more beautiful for
dorways than handsome Kisklllims.
The large windows you speak of and the
... ¦ / £ ¦ <¦ ,
woodwork juover yonr walls with
the glazed s in Venetian red and
have your «. > calclmined in a softer
and slightly , _er shade of red. It will
look well between the crossbeams of black
wood, and you. will flnd the effect excel
lent, especially if your electric light of old
brass comes, up close .against it. Have
your chairs made to order in some pretty
' quaint designs. Any thoroughly artistic
architect can - do this for you. As . you
would do well to keep a hint of Venetian
art to the fore in this room, I would have
the back pieces run up in some long twist
ed effect, and then have them stained;
in the very dark Flemish oak. Let the
seats be covered with dark red morocco
and finished with old brass nails. Have.
. a Flemish oak table made with twisted
legs. If you have an impression that to
have furniture made to order by any spe
cial design Is an enormously expensive
fancy I wish to undeceive you- You will
be agreeably surprised to flnd that chairs
of your own design frequently can be
made for less than the more commonplace
patterns found in the shops.
Use a heavy white lace scarf across tha
middle of your table and have for a center
piece a Venetian glass bowl set in silver
filagree. You will flnd, I think, that all
of your silver, cut glass and brasses will
gleam out with extreme beauty in this
room. I like a buffet built into the wall
with doors here and there of brilliant
glass leaded in. Curtala your windows
first with, net which has a heavy white
lace border. Let this border run across
the window, showing heavily against the
glass. If you are fortunate enough to
possess any old Italian ecclesiastical laca
this is the place to use it. FTom the top
of the window to the window seat hang
full draped curtains of some rich Oriental
stuff which has some- blue in it.
which Is slightly off shade from the rest
of the room.
- M. P. G.— By all means set the large
mirror into the wall of your hall. As you
say, It will in this way exactly face the
front door, and as your hall is not large
it will be a great acquisition,- for it
apparently add much depth and certainly
much elegance to the apartment. I would
place some sort of light pedestal with a
growing fern or delicate little palm In it
in front of the mirror if I were you.
INEXPENSIVE' DEVICES THAT LEND
LUXURY. ,
B. M. G.— You ask me for some- general
advice about lending to a simple room
that "air of luxury . which I have sev
eral ¦ times referred to. I have no doubt
you have smiled over this expression as
being rather strong when used in connec
tion with really ¦- economical arrange
ments, but I promise you sincerely, if you
will- carry out- practically some of the
hints I am now going to give you, you
will smile with .satisfaction over the 're
sult o\ your work. You must feel that
many rooms,' while expensively furnished,
lack -that air of invitation to: restful ease
which, after, all, lends the real charm to
an interior. It Is more desirable to in
vest a room with this quality than to be
able to spend an unlimited amount of
money on It.- There Is nothing which gives
row of.brass-headed tacks driven into zn*
wood so closely as to look like a beading |
a piece of dark blue denim was then
doubled and stitched together (to give it
sufficient firmness to serve as a seat) ami
stretched over the chair. In this -were
cushions of orange-colored silk, a long one
tied to the back, a square one in the scyr,
which almost hid the blue denim. Thus
It was one of the prettiest, things in a
room which held many that were far more
expensive and intrinsically valuable.
A hassock or largo cushion placed on the
floor can be made of Japanese matting.
Put two pieces, a square of the width of
matting, together and bind them with
wool braid. You will flnd that you caji
readily stitch this on the machine. Make
a firmly stuffed cushion first of white cot
ton or canvas, filling it with excelsior aril
cotton wool, then slip your matting cover
over it. Use this cushion to throw on the
floor and on top of it lay a softer one cov
ered with cotton or silk. This will. give
you a bit of bright color just when some
dingy corner of the room seems to call
for it.
A DINING ROOM m VENETIAN
RED— L. T. V. I agree with you that
Venetian red is very- rich and handsome
for a dining room. As your woodwork
has .been painted and you cannot use the
Flemish oak stain, I would paint my
heAry white lace In tms room will pre
vent all possibility of Its looking darkj it
will be exceedingly rich, but not glomy.
And now for the mantel, which you con
sider so hopelessly commonplace. Paint
it black and make a lambrequin- for It
coming down in a straight line across tho
front — do not be tempted to drape it — of a
piece of old red brocade, somewhat faded
if you can get it. Border this with gold
galloon, and if you can find a tall Vene
tian bottle with a' twisted neck, or a hus»~
"Venetian candlestick, it will pay you to
place it there, as it will lift your mantel
at once out of the commonplace. Your
flredogs should be of brass and selected
to accord with your electric light fixtures.
PAINT FOR BEDROOMS— You ask my
advice about painting the woodwork for
bed chambers. In a bedroom I prefer the
paint to hardwood. It seems to me to tone
in more softly and beautifully with the
papers. If your paper has a white ground
with yellow roses on it. paint all of your
wood the exact shade of some yellow toao
in the rose. I would select a medium tone,
but be very careful that your painter
catches it exactly. Your yellow mantel
piece will look very attractive with wblta
hearth and tiling.
rich bronzes, rare carvings, cabinet3, etc.,
thougn these latter are not necessary to
give a Japanese effect and may be ac
cumulated at leisure when one has ar
ranged a setting- for them.
First, by all means have y jur paint as
black as ebony or teakwooci, your floor
must be stained dark and highly polished
or (if you prefer it so) covered with fine
Japanese matting. Curtain your windows
with strips In widths of stuff unsewed
together of blue and white cotton crepe,
Japanese. Do not use white muslin with
them.ss You will flnd that the blue and
white against the black woodwork of
your window casing is beautiful, and I
would hang several strips at each win
dow. If you can procure for your door
way one of the Japanese curtains which
come In strips of embroidery on colored
silks you will be fortunate. Have your
pots of plants (dwarf cypress trees, etc.)
Fet near the floor on the little square
teakwood stands which lend such a for
eign look. Place a flowering azalea or
small rope t*-ee in full bloom in a pot on
a high shelf.
A dado of fine matting running up "to tie
black candle shelf around the walls is
beautiful, and above that the walls shoulJ
be colored a dull blue. For a frieze above
your black picture molding you may be
able to find a paper which represents Jap
£.rse figures and trees, In blue on a white
ground.' I found It once and used It sev
eral years ago. Tho effect was exquisite
and Japanese to a degree. The cotton
crepe would also make a good frieze. As
for furniture I would use only bamboo and
teakwood. You will find also that .one of
their vivid scarlet panels of embroidery
will add much life and beauty to your
room.
THE DRAPING OF WINDOWS AND
DOOKWAYS— In window drapery it Is
often merely a matter of taste whether
the curtains hang to the floor or are cut
off at the sill, but it is also sometime^ a
matter of construction. For a casement
window there Is seldom a question— the
curtain should fall only to the sill. Cass-
ment windows are meant to Iootk wide, and
short curtains strengthen this effect.
These short curtains may be caught back
midway with cords and tassels, If straight
muslin curtains next the panes are un
derneath them; or, all.colored and white,
may be left to hang straight ami full to
gether.- In hanging muslin, or net, or silk
at casement windows do not sew any of
the breadths together. They .are much
more artistic and airy loking if left hang
ing selvedge to selvedge. The fashion of
trimming with fringes and tassels has for
tunately been abandoned. The outer cur
tain, therefore, you understand, may bo
caught back and the under ones left"
straight or vice versa. These are all
rather cottage effects. If your windows
are medium long and you wish to five
more height and a statelier look, hang
heavy outside curtains to the floor. <Thesa
curtains may be only of cretonne and yet
will look very rich, If lined with plain
colors in raw silk or sateen. They should
be caught back just above the sill lin Q .
A very commonplace window may be
metamorphosed into a picturesque arrt
¦noticeable feature of your room by means
jof its drapery. If, for instance, you have
two plain, mill-made -windows .which are
placed not more than a fc/ot apart, you
can so curtain them that they, will look
On the other hand you- might. If you
choose to do so, merely hang green paper
blinds at these windows and leave them
undraped to stare at you in characterless
stupidity. For curtaining doorways I
would merely advise hanging all drapery
'straight from rods. It is seldom pretty
caught back. A handsome KisklUim rug
should be thrown over a pole and one
end left to hang over straight. They can
be fastened invisibly/ to the pole with
safety pins and push back easily. • Inbuy
ing- a handsome KiskilUm rip "the • seam
which runs down the middle and hang
them with the borders facing one another.
L. M. P.— You ask about the fireplace
tiling in your yellow •• room. As "your
woodwork is yellow and your paper yel
low and white, I would have my tiles
white. Indeed, It Is a very safe plan when
you wish to keep a room light and to
give" it a particularly dainty, look to have
white tiling. It is far better than a color
like 9m targe window. This Is done by*,
hanging a valance from the top casing
over . both windows, and letting the
breadths of goods hang from this. One
on either side of the outside edge and one
to cover the wall space between the two
windows. Suppose this poods to be pretty
flowered chintz, and that you have whlto
muslin caught back against the panes,
and suppose you go still further and have
a broad shelf made and fastened to your
sill, so that you can set flower-pots on it i
with blooming plants in them; have you
not thus created an effect which will be a
constant pleasure to you and to your
friends? --¦-:".-
A JAPANESE ROOM— As I do not
know Just what Japanese furniture you
may have it is diincult for me to give
you any precise information; however, I
may be able to help you. I think the
first thing to do in turnishing up to any
particular period or foreign nationality
is to realise in your own mind the salient
twin's, the leading characteristics which
lend the most potent charm to that period
or nationality We know that to embody
a Japanese idea is to produce an effect
of airin<-Ks> and grace almost beyondHhat
of any o'her nation. There must be much
vivid color delicately sprinkled about and
constantly outlined and intermingled with
black. There must be the pale pink of
the cherry bloom, the varied tints of
chrysanthemums and the rich glitter o f
embroideries.
There should be swinging lights In lan
tern shapes and always glowing through
colored glass or silk, and there may be
THE ADAPTATION OT FOREIGN
IDEAS— To furnish a room as the
Japanese would furnish It is one
thins and to furnish It In Americo-
Japanese style is quite another.
There are many people in the United
Stales whose conception of Japanese in
terior* and effects tallies with that of
the stage Fetters cf Sullivan's opera of
"The Mikado." Indeed, I think that the
prevalence of Japanese operettas pro
duced the rage for Japanese furnishing
in our staid American houses a few years
ago While th* finest touches of Japan
ftp* art lie in their use of grays, of black
and white and absolutely neutral tones—
and in reality the interior* of their homes
are marked by an absence of furniture
which to the American taste is actually
painful— the embodiment of a Japanese
idea in this country usually means a
glittering confusion of colors and of
objets d'art. A lady writing- from Santa
Barbara asks my advice in fitting up a
Japanese loom..
THE STjND lY CAtli.
THE HOUSE BEAUTIFULTHE SUNDAY CALL.
jectlon to it is that it invariably works
into the coat of a long-haired dog. From
an economical point of view it Is also less
preferable than straw, -which, as a bed
ding for dogs of every kind, is unsur
passed.
Wlieaten straw has been found better
than oaten, when it can be obtained, as
it lasts much longer and is softer and
more comfortable for 'the dog to lie on.
Some breeders think that animals are
better for not having anything but boards
to sleep on, claiming that bedding in
jures their coat. This, however, is a
fallacy. Bedding should never be allowed
to remain more than a week at the ut
most, and the house should be thoroughly
cleaned every week or ten days.
It has been said that a dog's goodness
goes in at the mouth, meaning that a
well nourished dog. will turn out a better
animal than one whose wants in this Una
have been neglected. The secrets in feed
ing are: Wholesome food and variety in
diet. Those in a position to know never
advocate the feeding of dogs wholly upon
meat. Such a diet is injudicious, as it is
heating. Meat can be given to a dog three
or fcur times a week, not oftener, in addi
tion to the meal or biscuits which form
the foundation of the daily meal.
Decayed or maggoty meat, such as Is
given to many dogs, is sure to affect their
health sconer or later. They will thrive
better on a small of good food
than an unlimited supply of bad quality.
The subject of how often dogs should be
fed is one that has been much discussed,
v In the case of old dogs once a day is
generally considered ! enough, provided
they are given all they want. In' this
event the evening is the best time for
feeding, as it allows the animal to be put
¦ by comfortably for the night, and they
yfill generally sleep quietly after eating.
.''tTounger dogs require more food, and
jhould be given one or two extra meals.
Che meat biscuits which are so generally
Used form an excellent diet, and can ba
givendry or soaked.
Another good food as a basis of diet Is
coarse oatmeal, which should be thor
oughly boiled, or it will disarrange the
dog's " stomach. Bones from which most
of the meat has been scraped 3hould ba
freauently BUDDlIed.as they not only
amuse the dog for hours, but benefit the
teeth considerably and help to strengthen,
the jaws. Large bones are preferable, for
emallones will be bolted whole and may
Btick in the throat Dry broadband veg
etables are also good. If a large dish o£
food Is placed before a doe which, is feed,*
Then the low shoes for indoor wear or
for the frou-frou gowns worn in the after
noons. They are called walking ties and
lace up with black silk braid. They come
in patent leather or kid or a mixture of
both and in so many styles that in pur
chasing one is almost bewildered. High
heels of the Cuban or military -variety dis
tinguish these shoes. The Cuban is the
most popular. Smart women are 'wearing
Beginning with the bath or lounging
slipper, warm or cool as the season hap
pens to be, the high boot for tramping.
But first the slipper for evening wear
there are any number of them — patent
leather, undressed, kid and Velvet. Two
especially pretty styles are In patent
leather. One, the Colonial, with a broad,
high tongue and huge silver buckle; the
other one a lattice instep, now so much in
.vogue. The heel is high, two inches, and
tiny gold buckles or ribbon rosettes cover
the fastening, which is either at the side
or on top. These slippers have from one
to four straps, and are trimmed according
to the number. Black silk open work
stockings in intricate patterns are worn
with these two models. '
Such a variety of choice In low and high
shoes can be found in the shops that even
the mcst fastidious woman can be suited.
The box holds as many as can be afford
ed. But when one can afford it, what a
number of pairs are needed for the vari
ous conditions of one's toilette.
And the contents?
only useful, but an acquisition to the fur
nishings is the shoe-box.
Photos by Alisky.
Poses by Stella Bozetta of tha
Alcazar.
Shoes 'from Rossnthal's
(Incorporated) .
Fortunate Is the woman who can have*
and keep going a model shoe box. The*'
majority of us are lucky if three pairs of/
foot coverings stand on the shelf in the»)
closet.
The latest fad in the evening for feet is
the Roman sandal, made of white kid,
with two diamond or torquolse set
buckles. A pretty foot well pedicured is
most attractive in this classic dressing.
Riding boots are of all patent leather or
brown Russia calf or have patent leather
fronts and morocco top.
Black or tan kid cycling shoes lace up
the fiont to the knee and fit like gloves.
They have rubber medallions in the soles.
Rainy day shoes are In tan Russian calf*
or are black. Worn not only on wet days,*
but for long country walks. They lace up
the front and. are between the cycling
boot and the one for golfing in length.
with these low-cut shoes stockings •wnien
match in color the light gown, pale blue,
pink and 'sometimes red.
A shoe exclusively for indoor or carriaga
wear is the one after the Louis XV model.
It comes in black or bronze, with a two
inch heel, very much curved, and laces
closely around the ankle with black or
brown silk laces. Very dressy for women
with small feet.
For outdoor wear under this head ara
the walking shoes for dress, the boots for
cycling, hunting, golfing and the ones for
a rainy day. The regulation dress walk
ing shoe is of patent leather, with exten
sion soles and moderately low military
heels. Low shoes have been, so very pop
ular this season that there has been but
little demand for this style of shoe, A
high toot for hunting or fishing laces up
the front to the knee and is of soft tan
leather. Extension soles and low flat heel.'
It looks heavy, but In reality is not. New
golf shoes lace to the ankle and come in
black or tan leather. Rubber disks are in
the sole and heel to keep the wearer from,
slipping.
8
lng badly it Is apt to sicken him, when
he will not eat at all, whereas a littla
given him from his master's hand will
most likely be swallowed eagerly. Some
dog fanciers claim that an animal should
be fed off the ground, but this Is not a
good plan. They should be fed from a
plate or a tin of some kind.
The best feeding vessels for dogs are
probably round baking tins, which will
be found in every family. A dog should
also have all the fresh water he wants.
The value of this point can hardly be
overestimated, for, although he will drink
almost anything, he is sure to be upset
by bad water sooner or later.
When a dog is kept in the house ha
should be washed every week or ten days.
Remove .his collar and put a strap around
his neck, or an old collar, so as to have
something to hold him by. as in. all prob
ability the . canine will not take to tha
bath as he might. Securely held the work*
with soap and sDongre can then be com*
menced.
DOGS like comforts the same as hu
man beings. They want a roomy
house, a good place to sleep and
kind treatment, and will repay
their owner for all that is done for their
comfort.
A dog house should be raised from the
ground, as the dampness will give the
animal cold and rot the floor. A few
pieces of three-inch flooring placed un
derneath or some bricks will serve the
purpose in every way.
Bee that the opening of the house Is on
one side, so that the wind and- rain will
be turned off as much as possible. It is
never good to chain a dog in his house;
better drive a stout piece of quartering
into the ground about one foot and fasten
the chain to this. Chain a dog only when
necessary.
Hay has been recommended as being
¦nltabia £<HLfe§4&£*i. feu t .the greatest ob-
POINTS ABOUT THE CARE OF DOGS
Y their boots Bhall ye know them."
j *fj Yea, verily. From the high heelg
Jr\ of the little soubrette to the "3ob
.£*• J gy" toee of the college girl.
It takes a "nervy" woman to
dress her feet to eult the occasion; to
put pride In her pocket, and be willing
to change from a dainty house-slipper to
a heavy golf or walking shoo, which she
knows makes her foot look twice as
large, and do It gracefully, content in the
knowing that the smallness of the foot
is etill there and that she is suitably
shod.
The average woman will not do it. She
dons her thin-soled, high-heeled boot in
any and all kinds of weather and sallies
forth.
"Never wore any other kind— Just
couldn't do it," but never a word about
the size of her foot." She might add "I
hate to have my foot look big."
After all it is vanity— in humankind
that gives the family physician extra
coin to send his daughter to a fashionable
boat ding school. • "It's an ill wind that
blows nobody eood."
Small feet or no small feet — it is to the
"nervy'.' woman, to the woman who likes
that "eternal fitness of things," belongs
the shoe-box which is the envy and the
admiration of her friends. It is about
four feet long and two leet deep; is made
of either soft or hard wood polished, or
covered with as handsome material as
Its owner wishes. It is supposed to car
ry out the color scheme of the room. In
side it is lined with quilted satin or tha
material used for the covering. The pock
ets are varied in size and are made of the
6ame material used and fastened to the
Eides of the box with brass-headed
tacks. The space in the center is for the
ghoes, which are kept on "trees." When
the wood used is hard it can be polished,'
and the only ornamentation, the mono
gram and* heavy brass corners. So not
LATEST
FASHION SHOESAPABLE of discharging 116 bullets
ff a minute, at high initial velocity,
the new automatic pistol adopted
by the Board of Ordnance and For
tification for the United States army is in
many respect* a remarkable weapon. As
a first step toward the equipment of the
army with the new arm, an order for 1000
of the, pistols for the use of the cavalry
has been placed with the manufacturers.
Exhaustive tests by Government experts
have been made, which seem to Indicate
that the principle of the automatic field
gun and magazine rifle have been combin
ed In practical form In a pistol no heavier
than the revolver with which the army is
now equipped.
Named for its inventor, G«org Luger, a
former officer In the Austrian army, the
Lug-cr automatic pistol Is made, by the
German Arms and Ammunition Factories.
This concern has manufactured about
6,000,000 Mauser, rifles for European ' na
tions, and has also brought out several
types of automatic pistols. H. Tauscher,
one of the representatives of the company,
who came to this country to submit the
Luger pistol to tfc# Government, said re
cently, when seen at his hotel, that the
new pistol was the result of ten years' ex
periment.
"We brought out the Borchardt. the
Mauser and Browning, and tested the
Mannlicher, the Bergmann and others,"
eaid Mr. Tauscher. • "All governments
sought an Improvement on the revolver,
which becomes practically useless after
the cartridges In the cylinder have been
Revolver That Discharges 116
bullets Per Minute.
fired. The first government to change was
the Swiss.
"At a test which It Instituted In 1896
the Borchardt, which employed the 'link
system' of feeding from the magazine,
was deemed superior. This is the system
that has shown value in the Maxim guni
and Is now used in many arms. The Swiss
ordnance officer asked for a smaller arm
than the Borchardt, and Mr. Georg Luger,
the inventor of the Mannlicher, set to
work 'to reconstruct the arm, retaining
only the link system. Switzerland made a
test in 1838, % and in 1893 its military com
mission adopted the Luger pistol.
i "In a recent test at Washington the pis
tol met all requirements arid received the
unanimous approval of the members of
the board. Its chief points are its fine
shape'. Its balance, its precision of aim. Its
rapidity of fire and its great simplicity. It
operates on the link system, has a maga
zine containing: eight cartridges, which Is
thrown out when empty and may be re
placed by a single movement. It uses a
22-caliber bullet. The initial velocity of
1200 feet a second gives a greater striking:
effect than a 44-callper bullet from, the
pistol now in use In this country.'*
Recent tests in Springfield Armory cov
ered accuracy of aim, penetration, veloc
ity of projectile, speed of fire, endurance
and the usual dust, rust and sand tests,
and a ppeed of 116 shots per minute was
attained, while the accuracy of aim with
rapidity was shown by a score of twenty
four bullseyes out of thirty shots by one
man, who could make only nine out of
twenty-eight with other styles of pistols
In the competition.
her?" the chubby-cheeked boy* at the
door Inquired. Yes, I wanted to see him.
I wanted ttf see her. I wanted to see
all there was going, and only my con
science, which gets busy now and then,
prevented me 'from demanding that the
babies be hauled out of bed.
Waiting, I gazed longingly for a sign
of the Orient. One large screen, a splen
did chrysanthemum-adorned one, ' stood
in a remote corner. A small fire screen
flaunted golden birds on golden boughs.
The asparagus fern in the ; blue china
boat was trained into a miniature tree.
These three touches were absolutely the
only signs of Eastern art, and they were
no ' more than any American's home is
likely to display.
"You drink Jap'nese tea?"
Ah! That was charming. The tiny
lacquer tray, the .tiny bowl-shaped cup
filled with a tea so faint, so delicate that
it might be steeped from rose leaves.
Thank heaven that Japanese hospitality
is a plant that this climate can't kill.'
"How are you?"
And I find that the custom of, serving
tea to every guest who enters the door
is one that Mrs. Uyeno adheres to as
she does to Buddhism. She may wear a
shirt waist; she may sit on a chair, but
her Oriental hospitality can't give way.
It was Mr. Uyeno. timed to the finish
ing of the tea. He is taller, stronger in
appearance than most men of his race.
H3 is crisply American in dress. He
speaks English readily.
"Where did you learn It?"
"First at ; th' Imperial University. Then
I travel. . I live in Germany. Then I
am Consul to Hongkong." . . >
So he has learned Japanese-English,
German-English, Hongkong-English, and
now he comes to us" to "learn American
English. JUid although he handles the
VSBtm - . '.¦¦¦ » • ••--.- - ' v-
THE Consular residence at. 1724
Broadway is American to a degree,
I This is not altogether surprising,
J as we have no bamboo architects
and matting: contractors here-
abouts. Yet I couldn't help a feeling of
...'... — 4*
disappointment. I had vlsloned a blaze
of Oriental colors, old bronzes, precious
porcelains. Instead there are landscapes
pompously arrayed . in gilded frames,
plush chairs, chenille curtains. -^ It is
dreadfully Western.
"You want see him? You want see
most cultured woman of her race that we
have here. She is of a highly, educated
family, ..whose home was In Nagasaki.
She was educated at 'a seminary there;
she was given the e'ducation - that fashion
able young ladles of her people* receive.
Then she married a distinguished , and
highly educated man. She has had every
opportunity to cultivate- the charms that
Buddha endowed her with, and he was
generous, about them too. And here she
is, her'dainty dollishness.: her graceful
Oriental charms, almost hidden by' tho
as her mother must have looked at ' the
same agre, except that her mother has
all the smiles and cheery nods that repre
sent, to us the sunshine and brightness of
one phase of Japan, while Yeko has the
big, • melancholy - eyes that call up the
tragic legends of another phase.' They
are. such eyes as might have belonged to
the "Daughter of the Dragon Kins of the
Sea," who, 'as Hearn 'tells us, rose out
of the eea_and appeared to Urashima and
rowed away with him to be his flower
wife—she who wept and continued to weep
Then I had to\know all about it.
"Osaslml— flsh no cook." she explained.
This, then,. is the raw fish of th» Japa
nese— this dish that Mr. Uyeno didn't want
to tell about. But his wife confides to me
that It Is deliciousr-a round, pink-fleshed
tai; seasoned to taste. She wishes that
tal were plenty on this coast.
. After the fishy, course, air- dishes are
served at once. Sometimes these amount
to twenty or thirty in number. .There are
meats and, vegetables.. Quichltorl is a de
licious mixture of .beans and scrambled
What Wars Cost
the Nations.
THE disbursements by the United
States treasury on account of th« '
Civil War from July 1. 1SS1. to Jun«
30,. 1ST?, amounted to $3,187,243,285.
Thomas E. Wilson, in the Review of
the Republic for March, estimates that
the additional Civil War disbursements
for dubt, interest and pensions from Juna
30, 1879, to July 1, 1900, amounted to
$3,904,838,775, making a total Federal ex
penditure, of $10,092,C82,160. The disburse
ments of the Confederate Government
exceeded $3,000,000,000 for th© mere main
tenance of armies In the field. Mr. Wil
son estimates that the Governmental ex
penditures on both sides in the Civil
War will, when the books aro closed,
amount to $17,772,000,000, and that the In
dividual losses during? the war amount
ed to $30,000,000,000. Placing the cash ex
penditures of the United States In the
Civil War at $17,772,000,000. in the Span
ish, war at $500,000,000 and In the war of
1S12, the Mexican war, and the Indian
wars at $500,000,000, Mr. Wilson makes
the total contribution of the United;
States treasury to the war fund for tha
century $18,772,000,000. It is estimated that
the Napoleonic wars from 1793 to 1315
cost $8,250,000,000; the war between, Rus-
Bla and Turkey In 1S23, $100,000,000; tho
war between Spain and Portugal, from
1830 to 1840. $230,000,000: the war between
France and Algeria, from 1S30 to 1847.
$190,OCO,CCO; civil war In Europe. In 1348.
$50,000,000; v the Crimean war, $1,125,000,000;
the war fn 1839 between France and Aus
tria, $223,00.000; the war of 1866. between
Prussia and Austria, $100,000,000; the war
between Germany and France, in 1870
and 1S71, $1,580,000,000; the war of 1877. be
tween Russia and Turkey,' $350,000,000; the
war between France and Mexico* In 1375,
$75,000,000; between Brazil and Paraguay,
in 1864 to 1S70, $240,000,000. Thes© figures
are from Mulhall, and Include only di
rect .Government expenses. It Is esti
mated that the minor wars of Great Brit
ain in India, Egypt and Africa have cost
$2,000,000,000. ' The Eoer war has already
cost England $500,000,000. France's minor'
wars have cost $1,600,00^.000, and Spain
has epent . in various wars $3,000,000,000.
On these statements presented by Wil
son and Mulhall, manifestly incomplete
and unfair, the United States Civil War
cost more by $7,000,000,000 than ten Euro
pean wars, and the wars of South
American republics have cost more than
all the Russian wars in Asia. The total
expenditures of civilized natians for war
In the century are put at $43,068,000,000.
. o ,
Bats measuring nearly five feet from tip
to tip of their wings have been found in
a cave near Tanga, In East Africa,
T /f / HA T is this coming over
yy the land of the cherry
By Sarah Comslock.
blossom and the kimono,
of the sad music and the myth
maidens f Is its personality flee
ing before the dragon of learning
that has entered, from other lands?
Lafcadio Hcarn, authority by
popular concession on things Japan
ese, says no. In one of his vol
umes he discourses to the length of
a sixty-page chapter on the theme,
and sums up with: "As a fact,
the Japanese arc not imitative at
all: they are assimilative and
adoptive only, and that to the de
gree of genius."
Maybe. Yes, to be sure. ' He
knows. But the poetry of Japan
— alas, the poetry of it.
Here in San Francisco there has
lately arrived the distinguished
"jAfe of the distinguished Japanese
Consul, Uyeno. She stands io us for
swell Japanese society — it is up to
her to set the fashions for Japanese
society on this coast. And it is
enough to tear a poet's heart strings
to note how she has cast azvav the
poetry of her native land and has
adopted the homely practicalities of
ours. Why can't the Japanese,
even in our country, where the cli
mate is not radically different from
theirs, preserve more of their
charming personality in dress,
homes and manners?
% ob s. Bamboo sprouts In season are a
delicacy. .'— "
When these dishes are all finished, des
sert Is preluded by green tea and cake.
After this, the dessert—some kind of pud
ding. _ Fresh fruit.
"Sake?" I queried. "'
"Ah, you know sake?" She fluttered.
She beamed. I had made the hit of my
life. Sake, the rice brandy, -tie drink of
old and new Japan— to be known .in this
strange land. I tell . you this affectation
of American ways is an affectation. A
Japanese is a Japanese at heart and lt'3
all a pity that he should try to be other
wise. ¦ -
There were two more disappointments
in store for me when the two little Uyenos
were brought down. Yeko, meaning Eng
land—named when she was born in Hong
kong among English friends— Is the elder,
a mite of 2. Fu Miko— her. mother
translates it "Beautiful Ditch"-ls fat and
sleepy and sputtering— only three months
old.
They ara both in American dress.
Worse than that— they have never been
in any other.
Worse yet— they cry if they are shown
a kimono.
And it's all in the world that they ever
ought to wear. Yeko Is already old enough
to show that droll hereditary tilt to the
figure that is charming in the native dress
and wholly unfit for ours.
But she wears a Paris importation
bought in Japan and she and her mother
are both delighted with the fact. *
She Is a dainty little thing, looking much
i ¦ ¦
silently when he left her, never to return
I don't believe she will even be- taught
to play on the koto as her mother waa
Mrs. Uyeno has given up the art now and
keeps the Instrument as a curiosity. Sht
hasn't touched its strings for three years*
She calls upon one 'of her maids to plaj
when a guest desires.
These 'maids, too, are on the high road
to Americanization. Their dress la ours.
They- giggle in American fashion. And th«
other servants— two boys and a cook— art
all in line.'
Upstairs, where the little folks play. J
stumbled against an American toy wagon
Beyond, on the floor, lay an American*
bought doll. An American rattle sounded
In Fu Miko's hands. . • j!
"It has come to this!" I murmured dole,
fully.
But from another room. Yeko, clasping
to her heart the biggest and most splen
did of Japanese dolls. She passed tht
American baby lying on the floor.
Her mother held it out to her but «h#
did not heed.
"I don't know why— she rike Jap'nest
dorrie best." her mother apologized.
shirt waist costume that a Parl» flresa
maker In . Yokohama fitted to her.
It Is a shame to see it. Her flexible lit
tlo' figure was made for: the clinging folds
of the kimono. Her feet are distressful in
tan boots. Her hair, born for the glisten-
Ing folds and gorgeous decorations other
native land,' is clumsy in its attempt at
our style.
, "You have American furniture,** I re
marked to her. "Is that so all over your
house?"
"Yes, "yes," she said, delightedly. "Up
stair, . downstair."
"And in your home In Japan?"
"Yes, in Japan. Chair, table. No sit on
floor." — .-'¦'- ' .
She was so proud of it all. No more
sitting on the floor, although . all the
muscles of the Japanese' body are built
by the building of generations for the
domestic customs that aft traditional.
They don't know how to sit .in chairs.
They draw themselves up miserably and
dangle their feet. No more serving of tea
on low stools— tea is served on a full
height table. , -.
She is still clinging to .Japanese styles
in cooking, but even this Isn't likely, to
last long. She says already that sho is
coming to like our dishes'. Incidentally,
though, she gave me part of a menu for.
a swell Japanese dinner— when she says
"good custom" with a fastidious curl to
her lip she means "swell," I find. Here
are her instructions:
Begin with ocha. (I am spelling
words as they sound.) Ocha is the tea
made from tea powder— boiling water be
ing poured on the powder and the s whol&
served immediately without further cook
ing. Only the Japanese of the highest
class serve ocha at the beginning of a
dinner— it seems to be the hall mark of
good form. ' . >»'.•'.
Next the soup— the osuemona. , It may
be made from chicken, \ meat, 'or fish.
Smelts are the favorite. Green vegetables
and seasoning are used— pepper is de
manded in plenty. "
Now for the fish. . Many kinds are eaten.
Best of all"ls tal. _ .
¦ "Osaslml," she said in her husband's
presence. > ,
"No, no," he reproved.^
language boldly and well, there are cling
ing to his speech a few. varied signs of
dialect, so subtle that there is no use
trying to reproduce them in print. .; v
¦ "How are you?" « .'•:' .v
It was. the Consul's wife at last. She
advanced Without waiting to be presented
and she performed her "How are you?"
in a . mechanical way s that led me to be
lieve that it was her stock in trade and
that she would say the,same ir you asked
her how the children, are or if she were
seasick on the trip.
- Not at all. She knows considerable Eng
lish'contraryto the Consul's and her own
statement. They are both apologetic for
her in true Japanese modesty. That Is
another characteristic that can't be lost
in a hurry. Dress, customs— the outside
things— can be altered at will, but you
can't rid a Japanese of national- traits of
character in less, than several genera
tions.
Any American who knew half as much ,
Japanese as i Mrs. Uyeno knows. English
would consider himself equipped for trav
el in Japan. He would also announce the
fact.
"You are well?" she inquired as she
joined us. ' a '
"Very well, 1 hank you. And you— how
¦ did you get through the long trip?"
'' "Very well, thank you," she replied,
-beamingly; and I saw then that she could
be talked to.
Since that time we have had some con
fidential conversations, have taught each
other to say five or six words in a new
tongue and have exchanged recipes. I
have noticed that although her husband
speaks far more English' than she. she
understands quite an well. That's the
woman of it.
She Is quite the most ¦ charming,- the
THE SUNDAY CALL.
9
ARE THE JAPANESE LOSING THEIR
PERSONALITYmany cases bef ore> the Federal ceurt3. ' xa
the Circuit Ceurt of Rhede Island was
recently heard 4 'The United States against
certain, lands • In „ Jamestown," and
"against certain lancia at Boston Necfc.**
These properties were defendants tn con
demnation proceedings, the Government
deslrins their use.
fluty; and another 'Vs.- 1 ea 8 , o f 6
ladies' cape*.". >to.. held on a similar
cnarsre. The Government vs, "1 packaffo
of artificial violet," «l paekapj of How
Perfdmery," "288 cases of Merry Wot Id.
smoking tobacco,"/ "2 packages of early
Tork seed," "14 bales of: wool," "2 pack
ag-es of glassware,'.' "149 school books"
and "34 bales of empty nrraln ba ff s'\ are
cases pending or recently disposed of in
the Federal courts. The United. States
against "1 distillery" la a recent Internal
revenue case, 1
Fife photographs were recently sued in
California, ' 21 in New Jeraoy and "1
lot" In Porto "Rico, All these .pictures
were aeeueed of .' immorality, and were
sentenced to ."destruction ; by flre,"."Ona
gross of immeral articles," recent'defend
ants in a Porto Rlcan case, suffered Ilka
punishment, •. • , ¦_'¦¦'
"Fifty-three boxes, eaeh . eentaining 5
taela of prepared opium,", are held as de->
fendanta in a case now before the Su->
prema Court. In California 130 tins ef
prepared opium were lately sued. These
cases result, ef course, from smuggling,
Areas of land-- appear as defendants in
In New'Jeraey was recently tried a Fed*
eral case "v«, ,1 'trunk containing 3
metal belts, 1 .puffbox and other ar-
/'The United States vs. 488 pairs o(
shoes" is en Important ease now before
the District Court of Porto Rico, The
defendant»*are held for a violation of. the
customs laws, ' , ..
In the Federal Supreme Court Is pend
ing the case of "The United States vs.
certain vessels painted white," held for
violating the law forbidding the importn
tion oZ f reworks Into Alaska. A similar
case, "vs. one certain vessel painted light
drab," was lately; decided against the de
fendant, and she was sentenced 'to "for
feiture and sale." But .when Uncle Sam
came , to carry out the decree of tho
court he found that she had escaped from
the custody of the authorities. Tha Gov
ernment has sued numerous schoonere,
tugs, steamboats and other water craft
in recent years. Cases in whloh a
schooner and a . tug are * held as defend
ants ore pending In the Supreme Court, i
UNCLE SAM IS BUSY WITH FREAK SUITS.
cult Court of the Eastern District of
Michigan. The .'defendant when produced
before the dignified tribunal remonstrat
ed so loudly that the spectators saw fit
to clear the court and take to the frssh
ulr cf heaven. The .record shows that
the honorable court sentenced the : da-,
fendant to "condemnation and destruc
tion." . . '
*Th« United States vs. *J728 pounds
adulterated nenfetidu" woa a sensational
case which lately called forth an elo
quent and profound opinion from the Cir-
Misbehaving cattle have troubled Uncle
Sam to a serious degree of late. He has
arrested and tried no less than 10£3 within
the past two years. They were all accused
of coming, into the country in violation
of the quarantine laws. In these cases
it was deemed. Impracticable to. commit
the defendants to Jail, like common hu
man offenders, or . to lock them up in
the Marshal's *safe, as the diamond rings
were treated. The Government had to
hire a pen. wherein they could be kept
under constant surveillance and out of
the way of the enterprising Journalistic
tnterx'iowers. There being no docks in
the courts to suitably accommodate them,
they were denied an ear In their own
trials, and had to Intrust their cases en
tirely to thoir counsel. , Tha greater num
ber were found gruilty and sentence 1 to
iiais uttCiir the hammer.
united States vs. 1 diamond and pearl
brooch, with pendant. 1 pair diamond
and pearl earrings and 1 diamond brooch"
was the title of a case which lately went
against the aforesaid Jewels 'in the Dis
trict Court of New Jersey. They were
held guilty of allowing themselves to be
smuggled; and were sent down to the
auctioneer. • ¦
UNCL^J SAM Is busy. Just now.
prosecuting numerous freak suits
against Inanimate things and
dumb animals. These helpless
law-breakers are held as defendants, Just
as though they were human beings.
They are Imprisoned in the custody of
the court, and lawyers eloquently recite
their misdeeds, for they are offenders in
the unsparing eyes of the law.
"The United States vs. . 14 diamond
ring*" Is the title of the case which will
decide the status of the Philippine Isl
ands. It Is pending before the Supreme
Court of the United States. The mis
deeds of these rings are so serious, and
the case against them. I« so complicated,
that the most dignified Judicial body of
the land has decided that It must scratch
Its wise head over them during Its sum
mer vacation.
Uncle Saiu made a snug fortune by su
ing fifteen packages cf diamonds Ennig
'g-Jed last Jur;e through Niagara. A ivvr
days ago the Federal court of the West
ern New Tork District sentenced them to
be sold. Thirty-one tnousand dollars was
poured Into the treasury as the result
of this auction. Uncle Sam lately sued
"581 diamonds, cut, etc.," susoected. * of
having been smuggled Into Michigan, but
the District Court dismissed the ca*e,
and they were liberated from t)m .cua
tody of the United States Marshal. "The
This work is one which appeals r\
strongly to womanhood that cold indeed
would be the heart which could resist its
Influence. To strike the harmonious chord
in these childish natures may not always
be readily or successfully accomplished,
but when found and the responsive tones
ring clear and true, all disappointments of
the past are forgotten, dormant energies
awaken and no effort seems too great
that will aid in fostering and caring for
these helpless little ones.
dr.en or Episcopalians. NertKeTlff^TWt «w.
Any child who really needs a home may
conie to us and be given the best in the
house.
It is true, however, that the daily serv
ices in the chapel are those of the Episco
pal church, but the gold medal which
• Bishop Nichols confers upon the girl
whose record for good conduct has been
the highest during the past year is given
irrespective of anything but conduct.
believed the prophecy could have neen
fulfilled in 80 short a time.
Prior to August,' 1SS9, the work was as
sociated with the "Armitage Orphanage"
at Ban Mateo.
Finding the house inadequate for the
rapidly increasing numbers, it was de
cided to separate the orphanages, -which
were already separate incorporations, and
on August 10, 1SS9, with thirteen girls this
Institution began its career at 570 Harri
son street. San Francisco.
It took Just nine years to build our new
home, which is located at Lake street and
Seventh avenue, but the place represents
a. paid up capital of $60,000 and there is no
home of Its kind that surpasses it In the
city.
Being an Episcopalian home, the insti
tution has a chapel, and it is truly a
beautiful one. About $1500 has been
given to the chapel in memorials, which
could not help but make it more attrac
tive. Things. which we never could have
hoped to have had— for instance, a solid
silver baptismal bowl and two very hand
some brass altar vases — have been gen
erously and lovingly given.
The home has been furnished with an
eye for comfort and durability, for It is
the borne of 115 orphans, half-orphans and
forsaken girls. Children are taken in
when they are two years old and in
urgent cases a little younger, and are kept
there until they are 15. When it is time
for them to leave the home the discharge
committee usually knows of some church
family who will take them in. Many
times they are adopted outright, and, for
tunately, there seem to oe many philan
thropic families left.
During- the eleven or twelve years they
are taught as well as our limited means
•will permit. Every afternoon upon the
close of the public school, which ail the
larger girls attend, most of them may bo
found mending, darning or learning- to cut
out garments under the tutelage of a
careful instructress. A few hours later,
when the evening meal has been heartily
consumed. many nimble fingers quickly
restore order in the immense dining room
under the guidance of a watchful house
keeper.
People have two wrong- impressions of
the Maria Kip Orphanage. They think
because we- have an imposing building
that we are a rich institution. That is not
so. They also think we take only the chil-
Dr. Worth makes visits to our home to
see thai all is well. At the first intima
tion of trouble the child is bundled off to
the sick ward, where a trained nurse and
the doctor rout the enemy. Once in a
while the whole household comes down
with measles or whopping cough, but they
are babies' diseases and are very seldom
severe.
There are only two men about our Im
mense building. One does all the washing.
We have a steam laundry, but even then
it keeps him. busy all the time." The other
, one keeps the lawn in good order and
sees that the windows are clean, also the
steps.
The Mary A. Crocker Trust has given
550 monthly, quietly and un.>_eentatiously,
for the past six years, and It Is one of our
mainstays.
The expenses -of the house are paid by
donations from various firms, churches,
people and from the State. What we want
is an assured income, be it great or small.
To depend upon the spasmodic generosity
of the public is, to say the least, an un
businesslike way of conducting- any enter
prise. "We want our membership increas.
ed. The fee is $3 annually, but even that
small amount counts up.
Perhaps one reason why the girls gret
along- so famously is that only-experi
enced, able churchwomen are employed.
The work runs along: harmoniously, as
all are heart and soul in the cause. Thl*
method, -which has been so successful, is
a great strain upon the Orphanage, and
it is nip and tuck to keep all things run
ning-.
The girls are also taught to cook, notn
lng the least bit fancy, but plalr whole-
Bome food. Some of the ~*rls can make
bread as -well as any first class baker In
town. In the mornings they are taught
to maku beds and to care for dormitories.'
as well as the details of nursery life.
They have plenty of practical experience,
and it is astonishing how quickly and
easily they learn-
Next week will appear an article
by the secretary of the California
Girls' Training Home on the condi
tion of that charity and the good it
has accomplished.
•T AD a gifted peeress, as. In the flay*
I \ of old, foretold on our natal day
I I a short eleven years age- the won-
derful prosperity In store for this
orphanage I doubt if any of ua,
who are naturally optimistic, would hav«
The present interesting paper on
the Maria Kip Orphanage is by Anna
Spain "Woodward, the secretary of
that organization. ¦•/''.
Coming from such sources of au
thority they cannot fail to awaken
interest among the many readers who
know, in. a general way, that good
work is being done, yet lack specific
information as to how, where and
by whom.
THIS is the third of a series of
articles being published by T*kj
Sunday Call In the interest of
charity as exemplified by those char
itable institutions of San Francisco
controlled by •women... _.'-_*' j"
These papers • are written by tha
officials of the different organiza
tions and therefore can be relied
upon as accurate in detail.
THE SUNDAY CAI/L.
10
MARIA KIP ORPHANAGE
AND ITS WORK'. Fish Is always best for breakfast when
prepared in small quantities, either cream
ed in little baking dishes or mada into a
souffle. Little fish are also good,
from 'the ordinary pan fish to the delicious
brook trout; The commonplace flounder
becomes .most aristocratic if its bones are
removed, and It is cut into** strips four
inches long and one wide, rolled into tur
bans pinned with wooden toothpicks and
fried in deep fat. A bed .of watercress
with a tarnish of" lemon adds still more
to its appearance. . At most fish markets
this way. of preparing flounders i3 under
stood, and for a cent a pound more than
the regular price it will be sent home
ready for cooking. : A pleasant accompani
ment for a breakfast dish of fish is either
T^he bit of cloth .my forget-me-nots
adorned was fast assuming an all blue
appearance' and the surface of the cup
was as it had been when ' lifted down
from the little^ brass 'hook.' and its chances
were good for going back to its spick and
span brothers and sisters who hung from
the shelf just over my head. China paint
ing was certainly not for such as I.
"Contented?" said Mrs. Perley; looking
up from the. -book of designs through
which she was searching for one suitable
for an expected student; "don't you think
when one has something to show for., the
efforts , of a lifetime . they would be tho
least bit ungrateful if they were : other
wise?" :,.
Mrs. Perley looked about .the studio
.with a satisfied expression which, bespoke
* heart's dearest desire, accomplished. ,V.
"All that^is reauisite is'the true artistic
Each color, its\ application; each brush,
Its use. all have been studied carefully to
©btain the best resiilts. ¦¦•
-¦ : ..: .-:¦ :V.< ' - " ,
I looked at the vase with its exquisite
coloringand thought of the years of work,
of thought, of experimenting along dif
ferent lines by. different students," it had
taken to reach such" perfection. From the
dentist, who. becaiise he needed an oven
in which to bake the porcelain teeth ho
made, spent the better part of his life ex
perimenting with kilns to the woman
who made the study of making gold paint
her profession.'
¦ "This Persian work, the miniature and
the figure painting are the highest Iine3
of keramic art— the hardest to do and do
well." •' "'¦'-¦'¦•'..-' . - ¦¦¦'.¦'¦. ¦¦•¦.-
"It is the most difficult line of work, ex
cept figure painting,' and takes so much
time that it cannot be handled success
fully in class. You see, first the design
has to be traced, then it is fired, then the
colors are, put on and again it is flred.
The coloring and firing is repeated until
each color is' perfect. After the fifth fir
ing the enamel is put on, and it. is then
that I nearly burn my poor old nose off
watching the heat. It must be just so
or the enamel will melt and run off and
hours of work will be-lost.
Mrs. Perley held up a bell-shaped vase
In turquoise blue, with a deep Oriental
looking border of many colored enamels.
But patience it takes and patience you
must have' to succeed. Genius without
work will not avail. LAURA MEIGGS.
And it is perfect— beautifully perfect,
with the kind of perfection that makes
me envious and wish that they, too, could
do 'such work. .-"•
spirit, the desire of knowledge and pa
tience : — emphasis on patience."
So says Mrs. Perley.
Students of keramic art In San Fran
cisco owe to "the desire of knowledge
and patience" the existence of the cosy
flat in which they pursue their studies;
Its completeness in its every detail and
tho perfection of the work done.
"We were,' and a sorry time we had
getting the things back. See those,"
pointing to six exquisite plates almost
covered 'with '¦ gold .; work, "those were
taken with the other things." He. almost
cleaned out the shop. We were months
getting them back. The police' found
them In every and any old place. That
tankard yonder was found In a' five-cent
•beer Joint hobnobbing with a lot of empty
beer barrels. Been sold for 23 cents and
I valued it at the same number of dollars';
Those plates were scattered all over town.
And cups and saucers! One cup and its
saucer were disposed of in different places
and It was two months before we found
them. How the pieces escaped breaking
or chipping I can't imagine, but not ono
piece" was Injured. It '- consoled me to
know tfiat even burglars have an eye for
.the beautiful, but since then I have been
least b!t careful about locking doora
and windows. No, we never found) 1 / out
who took them. .Do you know that man
must have made at least ten trips to carry
away all the things he took. How he es
caped being seen I can't imagine.
"My favorite line "qf work?"
"I love tliis best."
With a last look at the kiln to see If the
heat was good, we went back to the lor.g
table with its brushes and bottles. Mrs.
Perley to a delicate tracery of gold and I
to my forget-me-not.
"Perhaps you won't believe it, but we
were robbed once." Mrs. Perley looked
at me questioningly.
"Robbed!" The cup had another nar
row escape. ' . %
Imagine a burglar burgling for hand
painted china!
'these are for my flrst lesson. TThat shall
1 bring for to-morrow?' She soon learned',
however, that the days spent on one small
piece were many."
1MAKT5 a forret-me-not!
Sooner far design a battleship,
t I gazed helplessly at the little dab
of blue paint, the only blemish oa the
otherwise spotless surface of the
palette, then at Mrs. Perley to see if she
really meant it.
The tiny cup I was holding #ot bigger
and bigger: it absolutely refused to stay
etiU and somehow, try as I might, the
brush made nothing but a geometrical de
sign which might be proved anything but
a forret-me-not.
Mrs. Perley is the fair ruler of the Ker
amic Art Etudio at 203 Post street.
My gaze wandered from the table, with
Its miscellaneous assortment of brushes,
bottles, paints and half-finished studies,
around the cosy studio, with its wealth
of curios, its beautifully decorated china
on shelves, on tables and on the walls.
Its "comfy" inviting looking couche-s and
"Getting along all right?"
I started guiltily, nearly dropped the
cup, gazed stupidly at the forget-me-not
—the beginner's flowci— and then at my
feeble attempt-
I -aiped it out.
"So," said Mrs. Perley. as wi-.h a touch
here, and another one there, she showed
me hew it was don*". She. went on in
anxver to my cuestion.
"To make bread and butter to put Into
niy two little ones* mouths. The same
reason which makes the majority of.,
women find out wherein their talent lies.
Mjr ambition had always been to perfect
myself in this kind of work. but. strange
to Kay, not until misfortune overtook me
4id J find the opportunity."
The Wg, sort-looking, pink roses were
growing pinker and softer under her
mapip touch. I looked on and marveled.
"I tried sowing at first, but the very
Bigbt of a needle and a spool of thread
raa<jo me ;ii. I set to work to find the
wberetrtthal to study china decoration.
My brother finally consented to 'see me
through," .- lG he expressed it. If I prom
'^6 not to cry if ar.y of the pieces were
broken, nor punish the boys if they in
their romp* should mistake a cherished
Mt of thina for a baseball.
How long? ji; s » about ten years. Ten
years of h ar j f hard work- Of teaching
acd fxpprimr.ming- with colors and fir
ing and i r yi n p t0 cbtaJn p Cr f ect j c ' n .
B«t tiicd of it? r>car me. no. It's my
very life."
My fourth forget-me-not was. con-
fired.
"Speaking of people not appreciating
the amount of time china decorating con
sume?, reminds me of a youiig woman,"
Mrs. Perley laughed heartily, "who came
to her first lesbon followed by her coach
man, on whose shoulders rested an Im
mense hamper: I wondered what the girl
had, but waited! thinking it best not to
ask. Out of that hamper she took half
a dosen cups and saucers, half -a dozen
dinner plates, the came number of dessert
plates and three Cream* pitchers.. 'There,'
she said, looking triumphantly up at me.
be successful in this line of work. The
process has not yet been found in which
all colors will take the same degree of
heat and until then «?ach piece must bo
worked over and over and flred and re-
perfect. ' -
"You have no idea the time it takes to
signed to a painty-looking bit of cloth.
"There, this !s ready to be flred."
Mrs. Perley laid the pink roses on the
table and began putting the covers on the
salve-like looking little tin boxes v.'hich
contained the powder, paints.
"Put in the kiln." she explained, "for
the first firing. Come, I'll show you."
She led the way into a .Back room where
the kilns stood. Two big, important-look
ins: ovens which bespoke of beaten bis
cuit rather than painted china.
Into the clay-lined Interior Mrs. Perley
put the china, turned on the oil, lighted it
and the fire was started.
"Now, it takes two hours' steady heat to
accomplish the desired effect. Then I put
out the. flame and allow the oven to cool,
which takes usually about twelve hours.
The slightest change in the temperatur" —
that Is, quick change-r-will sometlire.-*
break or chip the china.'
I sat on the corner of : the _ table and
asked questions.
"And after the first firing?"
"Many others. You see, sometimes— y<?3,
always— in the firing we lost some color.
Different degrees of' heat bring out or
spoil different colors. For instance, pur
ples and greens take^the strongest, heat,
while pinks and yellows the most delicate ;
consequently they are lost in the first fir
ing, while the purples and greens are per
fected;
"Then the colors lost are strengthened,
the whole design retouched. Intensified,
here, softened there, and then the second
firing with heat not so great as for the
first. And so on and on until the work is
CATS are by nature dainty, even In
their cruelties. There Is all man
ner of feline grace in the way they
play with mice.\ Cats suffer much
less from constant housing than dog3,
although they run wild much more read
ily, and never quite get over their mur
derous instincts. A cat of fancy breed,
as Maltese. Angora. Conn-eat or JIanx.
is a possession more fashionable than
precious. Each and " several they are
no end decorative, but in affection, in
telligence and playfulness they rank be
low their black, gray, tiger-marked and
tortoise-shell brethren.
"White cats are in general more savaga
and less intelligent than gray or tortoise
shell. Many of them have blue eyes, and
all such are said to be stone deaf, hence
they are less desirable in the house. Un
like dogs, cats require to have their
meat raw, but they must not have too
much of it. Milk should constitute at
least a third of their food. Crumple
stale bread in the milk, and now and
again beat up a raw egg In It. A bit
of raw liver as big as two fingers, or a
flsh head, is meat enough for a day's ra
tions. Supplement it with milk and bread,
or milk and mashed potatoes, a cracker
or two or a bit of hard bread, lightly
buttered, and a few^ small bones, as from
chicken, same or chops.
Cats as well as dogs suffer a plague of '
fle2s. Oddly enough, cat fleas are unllkft
dog fleas, and if the two sorts of in-
sects meet upon one poor beast there i3
a fight to the finish, ending commonly in
victory for the ca^ fleas, which are much
bigger and more voracious than those
found on the dog. If left to ravage un
checked, they soon ,reduce a sleek,
healthy cat to a miserable skeleton, suf
, fering all over from. eczema. To get rid
of the fleas, wash with sulphur soap —
any good brand which the nearest shop
affords — comb out the fleas with a flne
tooth comb . while the hair is still wet,
then rinse the cat well in milk warm
water, dry It with soft towels, and give
It after the bath a saucer of warm milk
with a teaspoonfut of brandy or whisky
in It. A kitten should have only a. few
drops of spirits, and kept snug In a
clean basket for an hour after the bath.
"When the hair is very dry blow in all
alorg ; the backbone some sort of line
insect powder— either larkspur or pyreth
rin. Hub behind the ears with the sul
phur ointment directed for dogs. Next
day brush out all the powder with a fine,
close brush, comb the coat lightly, then
part it along the backbone, and rub with
the sulnhur ointment.
For mange, rub all over with the sul
phur ointment. Keep the cat confined so
It cannot He in the dirt., and after, twen
ty-four hours wash it well In hot soap
suds — Just comfortably hot, not scalding:
rinse, dry, and leave alone. In three days,
if the mange persists, repeat" the oint
ment, and after the treatment give the
cat plenty of catnip, either green or dry. '
with milk and bread diet. Catnip indeed
ought to be given always twice a. week.
Burn infected bedding, and fumigate
sleeping baskets, or else wash them well
iri bichloride of mercury. Let them stand
six hours after washing, then scald plen
tifully, with, boiling water and dry well,
before letting the cat sleep ¦ in then*
again.— Washington Star.
TO TAKE CARE
OF CATS
a salad of cucumbers •with jTreneh dress-
Ing or cucumbers and sliced tomatoes with
the same dressing, or tomatoes dipped in
crumbs and egg and fried or broiled.
Either with or without potatoes these
vegetables go far toward making the meal
attractive.- . _ l _ . .
THE SUNDAY CALL.
11
THE HOME OF
KERAMIC
ARTTHE SU^DAYCALL
12IPlii
WITH TORCHLIGHT, RED FIRE AND MUSIC THE THIRD
NATIONAL BUNDE5 FESTIVAL IS FORMALLY OPENED
AND VISITING MARKSMEN ARE WARMLY WELCOMED
VOLUME XC-NO. 44.
PRIC E FIVE CEN TS. l
SAN PRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JULY" 14v 1901-^rHIRTY^TWO ;PA:GrES;
. \ Continued ¦ oa Pace ". Fourteea-
..id-^A - GRAJJD tattoo— thezapfenstrelch— a'torchllght procession, the burnlngtof red fire 1 along *, the 'line :of ¦.march/^the-"
1 V^ : shooting -of rockets, afterward! a gathering at California' Hall and \n address ' 5 of welcome, by ;Mayor.; Phelan. and /
..;"/%" the. great,. third National •Buhdes , Shooting Festivai wTas '.introduced, last night ( in -preluded' fashion ..to the "
f^^L ' ' people of San Francisco. Nothing more \ than an; introduction was Intended.; '.The real f uii, In oth'er.Vords the.busl-'
'--*: ' ness of the festival, will begin to-day. . But this same Introduction; has set the ball Mn;matton.andv has vwhetted tha
appetite for. more. .The. first. sparks. ot'enthusiasm- have kindled into a fire that will burni without nursing for the "
next, nine * days. '.- The , red ; fire,, the music,'- the ; play - of ? the • piccolos; '- the '< beat . of the 'drums 'as the of the y
¦ festival followed its line' of march -from: California' Hall along the' chief thoroughfares^ ...of SanlFraniis'coTwere'but^ an an"-' '
nouncement of what ,is on ; the,way. " ; r ' ' ."''•' ':;"'.>"'¦'¦; ••^n j"'- »'¦'¦''¦'.' f - : ' ' '"-' ; '' '~'''~'L ''¦'.', '¦-'-'¦¦'I '" '?
, Sharp upon, the -set hour, the procession formed, in front of California , Hall : last: night; and -at. 8:30 ; o'clock. 'was on : tho .
march. • Grand . Marshal .Wieneke and his aids In* the .van, a military, band,* a corps of piccolos, a . drum '. and , delega-', ..
•tlons from- the. following, societies, made up '.the 'procession:; San; Francisco !Schuetzen ,Ver.eln, San^Francisco ; Turner -Schu'et- ..
. zen, San Francisco , Eintracht"; Schuetzen," Rothmaenner | Schuetzen,- Indep.endentV Rifles. s Deutscher Krieger -.ye.rein, . .Califor- -; ,
nla ':¦ Schuetzen Club, Germania 'Schuetzen[ Club; Swiss ; Rifle Club; Norddeutscher , Schuetzen ; - Ciiibr, Gruetli . Sliootirfg; Section,-.
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol," Club^Columb'ia PistoKand Rifle I Club. '. ; .\;;. . ; • :, . ; : :-J^., ,..,,, ; .;.•
¦ ' ' Down Bushi street. from Powell; to. qfaht'avenue 'they- marched;- then to O;Farrell street; red 'light* arid^^^ rockets playing.
a steady, accompaniment.". Up^ O'Farrell- to Stockton the procession made its way 'and jthen: to 'Ellis^ street^;.;. The; sidewalks
were well lined with people and ; rousing cheers kept r pa*ce .with' the marchers. ! At ; Elllsl and : Powell 1 .a'. turn'/waS^Hmade." ¦ :On V.
street- the- torch-lit' band (proceeded to-" Sixth '; street and 'then' countermarched. ¦! Moving east ward^at.ra^steady; pace ¦¦'¦':
the first stop was made at The'Call'buiiding..-The T rhythmic beat of the*"2apfenstreich was" then intb^o^rjdwn^
tionalairand cheer ./upon cheer -rpse; upward. .-All" three dally newspapers ywere serenaded In- turn*. »With r this 'part 'of 'the •
march accomplished the orderWas ' given ¦ to move -up Kearny .street.; Back- to •. the i place ; from .which :. the [ start wasVmnde . ;
shooters and musicians footed ™ ; and 'tnen" Joined ;withf their .brothers; in' bidding' a hearty -welcome to j^the; guests, < the, men
,' who ' have traveled thousands ' of : miles' to ' get : honor, glory, and , handsome^prizeB it's ; testimonials ,'. of --their --unerring •; marks- : - ;
manship. •, '- . '-¦¦> . ¦ *. ' ' • v ' •¦
With Ceremonious Customs
Festival Will 0pen.
frjj< FIEY have come and are still coming— the men who strain eye and nerve
' H to ping the small central spot of the target. '; ..t'J^ ¦-'¦ '.'. ' •
g Tho^ third National Bundes Shooting Festival, talked and written,
K about for six- months- and more, was -inaugurated in this, .city last
JaL night, and for the next nine days the celebration will continue unremlt- ,
tingiy. except for sleeping hours. Riflemen • wi^h medals ; that find . the
biggest of human chests too small for a resting place .' and with reputations for
eagle eyes and steady nerves are pouring into San Francisco. To-day. the scene ¦'¦
of their gun shooting activities will be Shell Mound Park. "With formal, • cere
monious rites, such as are^ prescribed in Xational Bundes shooting., festivals, the
third affair of its kind" will be ushered In and for more than a week the'peppering
gun fire will go on.' Medals and prizes of costly value .will be won,* decorations ¦;,
will be distributed, old chief tains^of the rifle will give" way to new ana a general;
festival will be In store. - }' . ~- '¦¦ . ;
Last night's demonstration-was- but a prelude. The real celebration will be- -
gin to-day with a procesgion that will' bring, out every enthusiast and sympathizer
of the National Bundes institution in this city. German hospitality,' especially fthe ,
California, transplanted variety, is known the world over. ¦ It j will be ¦ shown * this
morning as an Introductory welcome to those marksmen who have crossed the
continent to attend the festival." -There will be more of it from day to, day as the. ;
festival progresses. Preparations of days, ¦weeks and months will find a culmina
tion in a recurrent daily materialization of fraternity and good fellowship^- ..When ';',
President F. A. Kuhls fires the three symbolic shots" at Shell Mound " to-day— one
for the adopted country, one for the.old fatherland and the third'for the common
\real of the National Shooting Bund — there" will, be installed: a" shooting, sym--.
posium such as America has never seen before. -' - ' " . ¦ •. ¦ ' -l
Torchlight Procession IntroduceS a Nine
Days General Celebration
Visitors Formal ly Welcomed
by Mayor Phelan.
\; ymr -war -^ITH both' hands full, of gifts,, the Schuetzen societies of San Fran
tBl', J»' I claco extended last night a California welcome to the members of the-.
: %/%/- N - tl0n i l1 Shooting Bund" now' In this (Jity to' attend, the 1 third national
W W shoot of the - society. .. -.-. -. . ... . . \, ,. '
. »;>.».. California Hall/ oii Bush"- street, j where the- forina.r_welcoine was
Y> . . . / tendered, /'was'; fittingly, decorated for "the 'occasion. Bunting'tn the
; . , colors of the Bund, background of white with golden 'bars, was
r stretched around the galleries, and from the celling, was pendent, a yellow star
I- fronrwhich a long net'hung low down, ; tricked out -with red roses... The "stage was
a mass of flags 'and bunting, American; flags and the colors of the Bund..;
- r The parade. In which the uniformed shooting societies of San ¦ Francisco took
>•¦ part; ended at the doors of California Hall and here were stationed the members \
'' "of •' the* reception committee^ to: greet "and welcome the visitors. * "-.-'-• •
Long before' the procession arrived the "commodious' hall was filled ' with the
.'Invited guests' df the societies.' . '
¦..., .-.-.. .'*.. > •] .". '.'Mayor Phelan Introduced! *
%¦."_/ : Upon .its 'arrival Captain * F. : A:t Kuhls; 'president of the National Shooting
vBund, led Mayor Phelan" to the' stage. • The audience; men -and. women, rose and
' cheered and the air w'as' full of many, hats and fluttering flags and handkerchiefs. .
'¦.The. president was foilowedjby! Henry.' M. .Wreden," treasurer of the prise coin- .
."•.mitteeof the Bund;'Louis Haake, secretary of, the National Shooting Bund; Joe '
--Straub,- chairman "of the press -committee; Carl Gut, grand trustee of the Bund. ¦'.'
and George R. Hauser of the shooting committee. Then Captain Kuhls stepped
PRIZE COMMITTEE OF NATIONAL BUNDES; AND PROMINENT EASTER^
•?*?*? ??*???? ?*?#? •?* ???*?*?*?»
Pages 13 to 22
The San Francisco CallContinued From Page Thirteen.
WITH RED FIRE AND MUSIC THIRD liTKBUID&FEST IS OPENED,
the' following statement was given out by
esfed^ ° f the three com P anles inter
aT!L!, ?° nfe rence between the" Amalgamated
n-?™^ ? i lon , and the sheet, hoop and tin plate
companies failed to come to an agreement be
r S L , Am al§amated Association did not
tw ,1, v lts original position, which was
liSi t V? ree companies interested should
-S *i5 r H thelr mills without regard as to
wnether^ these mills, had in the past belonged
™™% Amalgamated Association or not. The
aCtu £ ers did not refuse their rI Bhts to
nn? ?¦;?•>. but hav 'n«r many men in the mills
™i ,, n i L * Amalgamated Association who do
not wisn to become association men claimed
= = ™. ™ USt respect these me " ln thelr wishes
««Mofi a 8 ,. 1110^ who are members of the as-
S?f !, 7 0n ; In order t0 affect a compromise the
kP^ facturers offered to sign for several mills
wnicn have always in the past been out of
tne association.- No 'compromise was offered
y rS, Amalgamated Association. The Ameri
can Tin Plate Company has only ohe non
union mill. They requested the privilege to
make a special scale for this mill and sign
the same. This was refused and the company
was given to understand that the men in all
the tin mills would be called out, even though
the scale has been signed for all other tin
mills. The privilege requested above would
settle all differences between the tin plate com
pany and the Amalgamated Association.
It was after 6 o'clock to-night when the
members of the executive committee of
the Amalgamated Association filed down
stairs from the conference room. In 'the
Hotsl Lincoln. The members looked un
concerned, and when questioned as to the
result of the day's work declined to say
anything. \ They each referred the in
quirers to President Schaffer, who,- they
said, was still in the conference room.
sV wait for nearly an hour developed the
fact that President Schaffer. had eluded
the newspaper men and had taken a pri
vate exit in departing from the- hotel.
Warner Ames, vice president -of the
American Tin Plate Company, and Voyl
Preston, on behalf of the Steel Hoop Com-,
pany, shortly afterward announced that
.they had but one statement to make re
garding the conference. 1 This was em
bodied in the foregoing communication.
None of the officials of the manufactur
ing companies would consent to an inter
view as to the probable result of , the
strike. They would not estimate the num
ber of men who will go out o"n the order
of President Schaffer and said the facts
in the statements submitted embraced all
that they had to say. As soon as the
workers reached the quarters of the
Amalgamated Association a statement
was prepared for the association side of
the case. * . -
MANY MII/LS ABE AFFECTED.
SchafEer-WillTry to Make the Strike
General as Possible.
PITTSBURG, July 13.— In giving gen
eral details of the effect of the strike that
is now ordered, President Schaffer said
that the first order only went to the mills
of tlfe three companies that have been
carrying on negotiations. It was thought
best that this should be the case.
The orders for the others to be called
out is to follow in a circular letter sent to
every lodge of the Amalgamated Associa
tion in the country where there are mills
of the United States Steel Corporation in
operation, it would Include the mills of
the Federal Steel Company, the mills of
the National Steel Company, the National
Tube Company and wherever there were
organized men employed in non-union
plants of the first-mentioned companies.
He could not give the total number of
men that. would be thus' rendered idle,
but estimated them at 150,000 directly. It
was his intention to have the strlice as
general as possible at the earliest pos
sible moment, so as to force a settlement
of the dispute the quickest way.
. The plants affected by the strike are: ;
American Sheet Steel Company, Aetna Stand
ard Iron and Steel Company, Bridgeport, Ohio;
Cambridge Iron and Steel Company, Cambridge,
Ohio; Canton Rolling Mill Company, Canton,
Ohio: Chartiere Iron Company, Carnegie. Pa.;
Dennison Rolling Mill Company. Dennlson,
Ohio; Dresden Iron and Steel Company, Dres
den's Ohio; Hyde Park Iron and Steel Company,
Hyde Park, Pa.; Klrkpatrick & .Co.. Leech
bur?, Pa.; Midland Steel Company, Muncle,
Ind. ; New Philadelphia Iron and Steel Com
pany, New Philadelphia/Ohio; Pittsburgh Sheet
Steel Manufacturing Company, Spouseville, Pa.;
Piqua Rolling Mill ' (corrugation 'company),
Plqua. Ohio; Republic Iron and Steel Com
pany Sheet Mills, outside of Alabama; W. De
wees-Wood Company, McKeesport, Pa.; "Wells
vlile Plate and Sheet Iron Company, Wellsvtlle,
Ohio; Sharon Iron Company, Sharon, Pa.
The mills not yet affected are:
Apollo Iron and Steel Company, Vandergrif t.
Pa. ; Chester Rolling -Mill Company, Kast Liv
erpool, O. ; Corning: Steel Company, Corning,
Ind. ; Falcon Iron and *Nail Company, Nlles,
O. ; P. H. Laufman & Co., Baulton. Pa. ; Old
Meadow Rolling Mill Company. Scottsdale. Pa.;
Revere Iron Company, Canal Dover, O. ; Salts
burg Rolling Mill Company, Saltsburg. Pa.;
Struthers' Iron and Steel Company, Struthers,
O. ; West Pennsylvania Sheet Steel Company,
Leechburg, Pa.
- American Steel Hoop Company mills imme
diately affected by strike order: J. Painter &
Son, Pittsburg; Lindsay & McCutcheon. Pitts
burg; Union Iron and Steel Company. Youngs
town, O., which embraces the upper and lower
mills at Toungstown and mills at Warren and
Girard. O. : Monessen ! Steel Company. Mones
sen.'Pa.; Kimberley '& Co., Sharon and Green
ville, Pa. ; Portage Iron Company, Duncans
vllle, Pa. ; Aetna-Standard Works at Bridge,
port and Mingo Junction. O. • • ".
Mills not affected yet: Isabella' Furnace
Company. Pittsburg; William Clark Sons Com
pany, Pittsburg; Pomeroy Iron and Steel Com
pany, Pomeroy, O. . ... .
The following American Tin Plate Com
pany mills are immediately affected: .«
American Tin Plate Company, Ell wood. Ind.;
American Tin Plate Company, ,-MontpeIier,
Ind. ; Beaver Tin Plate Conmany. Lisbon,'
Ohio;' Crescent Sheet and Tin Plate Company,
Cleveland; Falcon Tin Plate and Sheet Com
pany, Niles, Ohio; Humbert 'Tin Plate Com
pany, Connellsville, Pa.; Irondale • Sheet /and
Iron Company, Richmond,. Ind.; Labelle Iron
Works, Wheeling.- W. Va,; Monongahela Tin
Plate Company, Pittsburg; National Tin Plate
Company, Anderson, Ind. ; Newcastle Steel and
Tin Plate ¦ Company, Newcastle, Pa. ; Pennsyl
vania Tin. Plate Company, ' New.,1 Kensington,
Pa.; Pittsbure Tin Plate Company, Kensing
ton, Pa. ; ¦ Shenago • Steel Company, Newcastle,
Pa.: Star Tin Plate Company, Pittsburgh Pa.;
United States Iron and Tin Plate Manufactur
ing Company, Demmler, Pa. ;. .Wallace," Ban ,
field & Co., Irondale. Ohio; Washington Steel
and Tin Plate Mills, , Nelson- Pa.; Atlanta
Steel and Tin Plate Mills, Atlanta. Ind. : Blalrs
ville Rolling Mill and- .Tin Plate pompany, .
Blairsville. Pa.;, Cincinnati Rolling Mill and
Steel Plate Company, Cincinnati; Cumberland
Steel and Tin Plate ' Company, Cumberland,'
Md. ; Ellwood Tin ! Plate ' Company, Ell wood,
Ind.; Great -Western Tin Plate Company,
Joliet, 111. ; Hamilton & Co.. West Newton,
Pa. ; Johnstown Tin . Plate Company, Johns
town. Pa. ; Laughlln Nail ¦ Company, Martins
Ferry, Ohio; Marshall .'Bros. & Co., Phila
delphia; • Klmore Wood Company, Gas City,
Pa.; Morton. Tin Plate Company, Cambridge,
Ohio; . Nesshanock Sheaf -and Tin Plate Conv
pany, Newcastle, Pa. ;'Ohio River Sheet and
Tin Plate ¦ Company, Agnew, Ohio; Reeves Iron
Company, ' - Canaldover, Ohio : Aetna-Standard
Iron and Steer Company, Bridgeport. Ohio.
Three Days' Conference Ends Without^^ Concessions and President Schaffer Orders a Strike
in Steel.- Mills That IVlay at Once Bring Out Seventy=Five Thousand Men.
journed finally at 6 o'clock this evening
without reaching an agreement In less
than an hour later President Schaffer of
the Amalgamated Association had wired
the following order to all the Amalgamat
ed lodges in the tin plate, steel hoop and
sheet steel mills of the country.
"Xotify your men that the mill is on
strike and will not work on Monday,
July 15. :
PITTSBURG, July 11-After a
three days' session the conference
between the representatives of
the American Sheet Steel Com
pany, American Steel Hoop Com
pany and American Tin Plate Company,
subsidiary companies of the United States
Steoi Corporation, and the general execu
tive board of the Amalgamated Associa
tion <*f Iron, Steel and Tin Workers, ad-
REPRESENTATIVES OF THE BILLION- DOLLAR TRUST
AND THE AMALGAMATED ASSOCIATION FAIL TO AGREE
Continued roi Page Fifteen.
Americans did the same thins; in 1876. An
drew Jackson did the same. thing at New Or
leans in 1812. I They did not • have " long range
guns in tho«« days, but he said "Boys, hold
your fire until you see the white of the
enemy's eyes." and from behind - the cotton
But the fighting nations must keep their men
in the highest state of organization and skill,
and then will they be respected; then will one
nation hesitate to go to war with another.
What comes - through | the Instrumentality of
your shooting ' societies as much as anything
else Is the skill , of men and boys everywhere
in the use of firearms. The nation by reason
of these facts is strong and powerful, and be
cause that is known throughout the world she
Is respected and no nation dare challenge her
to battle, because it is now. universally known,
by reason of our exploits on land and sea, that
we are able to take care of ourselves. . We
have an instance of this in the great struggle
in South Africa, which no doubt has your close
attention, where a handful of Boers are stand-
Ing off an English army composed, we are
told, of 250,000 fighting men transported , to
that country to down a little' nation, which
holds its own because every, man and boy is
skilled in the use 1 of weapons — such skill as
you are Inculcating in the American youth.
And their little army 13 capable by reason of
that skill and their devotion to their native
land oN-wlthstanding one of the most powerful
nations on the globe-. , (Great applause.)
' . American Examples. ¦
The perfection of arms and skill in the use
of them will give the besf assurance of peace.
And that, is what I desire to say,- that no
sane man will go into a war which means the
slaughter of so many human , beings. It is a
terrible thing, but with the perfection of arms
and their use there is very little likelihood, ex
cept for the gravest of causes, of nation going
to war against nation. .The highest efficiency
in the use of arms, then, is the best guarantee
oft peace throughout the world, better than
universal disarmament, ' which is proposed by
the Czar of Russia and which is a practical
Impossibility. - . , ,
Skill in Use of Arms.
War is a terrible ¦• thing. It has ' been said,
"Who preaches war is the devil's chaplain";
and old Sherman said more forcibly than ele
gantly that war wu hell. Terrible as war is
there are occasions on which every drop of
blood in our being and : every fiber dictates a
warlike policy for a nation, - lest it be humili
ated, and lest all the terrors of war be nothing
as compared to the humiliating condition in
which it would be put if it did not pick up the
gage of battle when it. was cast down. We
do not wish to go to « war, but .when we are
entered upon: so serious a -business we wish it
to be done expeditiously,;well and conclusively.
Therefore, in the success of American arms in
Manila, just as in the success of American
arms before Santiago, for us it ts a conspicuous
and glorious fact that it\ was due primarily to
the skill of. the marksmen on ioard our men
of-war that the war was decisive, and what
ever horrors there were of the war, they are
abridged and limited by reason of the perfec
tion which our men have attained In the use
of weapons of precision. (Applause.), It was
a most remarkable thing m the history of war
fare.that battles should be waged in which the
bloodshed was all upon one side, and that great
armaments were engaged in .fierce conflict, and'
an enemy older and more seasoned in the
usages of war should be beaten to silence by
a foe unused, -you might say, to war, but who
was accustomed to the uto or firearms in the
gentle pursuits of life, simply at target ' prac
tice. The United States never engaged in a
warfare within our recollection in which they
were called upon to use weapons of high pre
cision, such as have been invented \ and per
fected since ' the civil war, great guns^-those
great guns, "which make ambition virtue." says
the poet we were unaccustomed to, and yet
that new learning, the making of the steel ship
and the making of the perfected rifle, we went
into, and engaged with one of the oldest coun
tries of the world, and signally achieved a vic
tory. This >ls due to the fact that the men
behind the guns knew how to use these modern
weapons-more than to the guns themselves-
and that they attained their skUI by practice
at targets, both on land and on sea, and when
they engaged In war they knew exactly what
they were about. ¦ ¦
so largely the membership of your bunds,* were
the first to enlist, and the hero of that Cali
fornia - regiment. • one of the few who' went
down to glorious . death on the battlefields of
Manila, was Captain Richter. (Cheers.) 'j
. When the Spanish war broke out the people
of San Francisco at once hearing the call for
troops, organized the First California Regiment
Crpnewed applause), and in thi» very hall, ,1
believe, ;. the 1 contpanles were ' mustered In, and
our German- American citizens, who '• cbmoosed'
Good Shooting Success in War.
The Caltforniari who enters largely into our
estimation of the hospitality of -our people is
really the Eastern man, men like yourselves,
gentlemen. He came here In tha earlier Immi
gration of 1849. soon after the discovery of gold,
and. he has been coming , ever since. "¦ * So our
city and State are peopled with men from Colo
rado, New York, Maine. Alabama and all other
States,' aye, of all the ¦ nations of the globe,
because - upon our great register there are no
less than sixty-three nationalities represented
In the voting population of San Francisco,' and
every State in the Union : has its representa
tive. ; Hence we are not a people like those of
Maine, If you please, who ¦ have been 'Ameri
cans and Maine men for two hundred years.
We are a new people, and our component parts,
when you come to analyze them, 1 reveal the
fact that ' we are j men from . Germany, ¦ from
France, from Ireland, and from New York and
Colorado and Alabama, and in fact,- from every
State in the Union. Therefore when we speak
for the hospitality of San Francisco we are not
vainglorious nor egotistical ; we simply speak
tax the great throbbing and cordial heart of the
American 7 people, which . is glad to meet an
American 1 citizen anywhere . in this great, free
and prosperous land. • - .-* : ¦ .
Hospitality of Calif orniaus.
After the long, and we may, notwithstanding
the luxurious character of travel, say, after an
irksome trip across the continent, it must be
pleasing to their eyes to behold the fertile
plains of California, and when they arrive at
the great Bay City, the metropolis of the Pa
cific, to behold the waters of the largest ocean
on this globe stretching away to v the far-off
east And wherein -has California acquired a
reputation for hospitality? I can see two rea
aone why our fame, with little effort of our
own, has established itself: because, in the
first place, nature has been kind beyond the
expression , of words In conferring upon this
State, in mountain and in valley which gladden
the eyes and please all the senses, and the sky
above, always benignant, looks down upon the
Inhabitants of this favored country, not with
the severity of winter's cold nor with the tor
rid heat of middle summer in the East. We
read in the East to-day that the people, with
out any fault of their own, those who must
labor in shops and in the field, are stricken by
the deadly heat, and never in - this favored
land are our people exposed to such hardships.
In fact the only hardships which they do feel
are those which they impose upon themselves,
though they do not so regard it. They are the
labors which they are constantly engaged i in
In preparing a welcome for their Eastern
.neighbors; but "the labor we delight in physics
pain," and if the heart is in the work it adds
its grace unto. every part. Californians seem
to me to be always happy when they are mak
ing welcome their friends. -.'¦*¦ , "' •
Mr. President and distinguished guests, and
fellow citizens: San Francisco Is so remote
from the great centers of population in this
country that we feel a special obligation upon
ourselves to greet and welcome the stranger
and the wayfarer. That obligation is Increased
when they come by reason of our invitation,
an invitation which \ they graciously accepted
many years ago when the citizens of San Fran
cisco, through ' the shooting bundes belonging
here, extended the city's invitation to the Na
tional'Bund. • . - . • v
Speech of Welcome.
. The -Mayor, again greeted with a roar
of applause, bowed his thanks and thus
extended the courtesies of the city to the
visitors: " ¦ .
Again, Schuetzenbrueder: Impelled by an
ardent desire to convey to you an expression of
how deedy we here I in San Francisco • ap
preciate the honor and pleasure of your visit,
to grace this memorable event, the Bundesfest,
to give you full assurance that ¦ your coming
and your stay is' hailed with delight by all
the people of this city; that all, without ex
ception or distinction, are anxious to welcome
you in our midst, and will endeavor and vie
with each other to extend to you the hospitality
of our city, we shall present to you the Mayor,
the chief executive of this great metropolis,
the golden gateway of the Pacific, standing as
the threshold between the Orient and the Oc
cident, who will bid you welcome In the name
of all our people who dwell within those gates.
He, more than any other man, is competent
and most eminently qualified to speak to you
the loving, affectionate sentiments of all the
people whose faith and confidence repose In
him to a most remarkable degree. The people
of this great city have evidenced their loyalty,
respect, yea almost veneration for him In elect-
Ing him repeatedly to the highest position
within their gift, to the post of honor in this
great commonwealth. On this most auspicious
occasion it Is meet and proper that none other
than the Mayor of this city, scholar, orator,
eloquent, and brilliant cosmopolite, the moat
public-spirited and unselfish of all men, broad
of mind and generous, shall convey to you,
who have traveled far, in his happy, eloquent
manner, on behalf of all the people, how gladly
we welcome you, how greatly honored we feel
by your presence.
¦ Schuetzenbrueder". — (Pardon me, Mr. Mayor,
for using a term not In our American vocabu
lary; but to us sharpshooters it is a word so
full of meaning and Import. | so pregnant with
fraternal feeling and affection, that it would
be hard to find its equivalent in any other
modern tongue.)
forward,, introducing Mayor Phelan in the
following: brief address: ... '.-
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL,' SUNDAY, JULY 14, 1901*.
President Schaffer says that for the
present the three companies named will
be affected, but* that later all the union
men in the employ of the Federal Steel
Company. - National Steel Company and
National Tube Company may be called
out if it is found necessary to resort^to
extreme measures to win the fight. fAt
the start, it is claimed, 45,000 skilled work
ers, 30,000 unskilled men and indirectly
many thousands more will be affected.
After the adjournment of the conference
14
"/ am now in my eighty-seventh
year and can walk and get about
as well as many much younger than
myself and attribute it greatly to the
use of Peruna. I keep some" on hand
all the time, and consider it the cheapest
medicine ln the world."— Mr. A."Howell.
If you, do not derive prompt and satis-
factory results from the use of Peruna
write at once to Dr. Hartman, giving a
full statement of your case, and he will
be pleased to give you hl3 valuable ad-
vice gratis.
Addresa Dr. Hartman, President of Tha
Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus, Ohio. ;
"I was all my life up to about five yeara
ago a very healthy man, and about that
time I was troubled with catarrh.- I tried
a number of prescriptions from different
doctors but none seemed to relieve me
until I commenced the use of Peruna, and
from its use I can t^uly aay that I have
been greatly benefltefi. ;,
Mr. A. Howell,- -Marietta, Gai;- writes:
"I have been troubled ; with catarrh in
head, throat and stomach for:... several
years, and the, accounts that-I have
read in several newspapers of the good
effects that many had received "from Pe-
runa, and whose veracity could, not be
doubted, caused me to give it a trial, and
I bless the day that I did maker a trial. '
It has made a new man of me. ?
HON. JOHN PAULJN, Sr., a pioneer of
Port Washington, Wis., is held in high
esteem by the residents of that place.
He is one of the oldest citizens. In a
recent letter he says: . * .••
"/ have used Peruna with good re-
sults for coughs and colds. It has also
cured my catarrh which always be-
came worse when affected with but a
slight cold. I am recommending Pe-
runa because it is worth its weight in
gold."— John Paulfn, Sr.
J. R. Prince. East Leon, N. T., writes:
"Peruna has saved my life, and made
a strong, healthy, jolly old man of me.
i £g' r ¦ -kikhsA ' Perunais just what
rf 'jjJW^' W~J every famliyshould
// \ n °t be ¦without. I
/• IHpimUktt* a\ i have taken very
// fij ' a\y 3 few colds since I
'// ffl -+cm -m.-Rlr - have. used Peruna,
'// IP? *®3 S£^ V^~ but wh en I do catch
,j ¦ Wk Jb YW, cold. Peruna is my
«fi llfi&m^W^ " A minister came
Mwv JarafflBwi^ • to me last summer
W^i^wWr^^^ and said thCLt he
had seen m y testi-
monial in the pa-
vSiW^^^f&ef IliS P er > and began tak-
m«V V ft # in S Peruna. He
gggffgSl— I- ' B v '«9 said that it
¦ , " • BaB ' straightened him
J. R. PRINCE. right up— (ha -was
... troubled with kid-
ney' trouble) and Peruna cured him.
. -'? Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets Is probably the safest, most pop-
ular and successful digestive on the market and sold by druggists
everywhere ln the United States, Canada and Great Britain.
Nervous, thin-blooded, run-down - people should bear In
mind that drugs I and stimulants * cannot furnish good blood,
strong muscles and steady nerves; these come only from whole-
some food, thoroughly digested; a fifty cent box of Stuart's
Tablets taken after meals for a few weeks will do you more
real good than drugs, stimulants and dieting combined." , ;'
-, Mr. N. J. Booher, Chicago, III., writes: "Catarrh is a local
condition resulting from a neglected cold in the head, whereby
the lining membrane of the nose becomes inflamed and the
poisonous discharge - therefrom jj passing | backward into ; the
throat reaches the stomach, thus producing catarrh of the stom-
ach. Medical authorities prescribed for me for three years for
catarrh of stomach without cure; but to-day I am the happiest
of men after using only one box of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
I cannot find appropriate words to express my good feeling.*
I have found flesh, appetite and sound rest from their use."
Mr.tJudson A. Stanion, the great Church and Sunday
School .' worker and president \ Christian Endeavor Union,
St. Louis, Mo., says: . "I have had to be extremely careful what
I ate. Many things were Indigestible, and after a hearty dinner
I could scarcely keep awake. I never have been sick in bed,
but have had a great deal of inconvenience from indigestion.
Since X learned of the merits of Stuart's Tablets I keep them in
my desk or carry them ln my pocket, and find j that I can eat
anything at all without discomfort. They were recommended
to me by a friend who is enthusiastic In their praise. I cannot
afford to be drowsy after lunch, and find these tablets just the
thing to assist digestion and keep all my faculties wide awake."
The Rev. F. I. Bell, a highly esteemed minister residing hi
¦Weedsport, Cayuga Co., N. Y., in a recent letter writes as fol-
lows: "There has never been anything that I have taken that
has relieved tbe dyspepsia from which I have suffered for ten
years except the new remedy called Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
Since taking them I hava had no distress at all after eating
and again after long years can sleep well. : Sev. F. I. Bell,
Weedsport, N. Y-, formerly Idalla, Colo." , . -
• "I carry a box ln my pocket continually, and whenever I
6ee any symptoms of indigestion I take one, also one after each
meal, and for a year and a half I have not lost a day by reason
of poor health and can eat anything and relish what I eat; my
digestion' Is absolutely perfect as far as I can judge from my
feelings and although there may be other stomach medicines
]ust as good as Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, I do not know what
they are. Certainly for people who travel they are far ahead of
I any liquid medicine, as they are so convenient, they can bo
carried ln the pocket and used whenever needed."
because It directly Interested me; and at the next town I in.
quired at tbe first drag store and bought a package for fifty
cents, and from that day to this I have nover been without
them. They are pleasant tasting tablets, not a secret patent
medicine but composed of vegetable essences, pure pepsin,
fruit salts and Golden Seal; being in tablet form they never lose
their good qualities like a liquid medicine would, but are always
fresh and ready for use. -
Every Man Must Be That to Retain His
Haafth and Digestion.
There are- thousands of people in t!z!s world who eat no meat
from one year's end to another, and certain savage tribes in Af-
rica and PolT&asla are almost exclusively meat eaters; but
while there are thousands of these, there are millions who lira
upon a mixed diet of meat, vegetables and grains and if num-
bers Is a criterictn it would seem that a mixed diet Is the best
for the human f amlly.
Tbe. fact thnt you will find many vegetarians who appear
healthy and vigorous and many meat eaters equally so, and any
number of robust specimens who eat both meat and vegetables
and anything else tbat comes their way all goes to show that
the old saw Is the true one, that every man must be a law to
himself as to -what Jve shall eat and drink.
To repair the waste of tissue in brain workers as well as to
replace the muscle and sinew of the laborer, can only be done
through the process of digestion. '
Every serve, m-scle, sinew, every iropof blood Is extracted
from the food we eat and digest. - . '
In these days of hustle and worry,' and artificial habits of
life, scarcely one person ln a thousand can lay claim to a per"
feet digestion; d?spep£a is a national affliction and Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets a national blessing.
Most cases of poor digestion are caused by failure of the
stomach to secrete sufficient gastric Juice, or too little Hydro-
Chloric add and lack of peptones and all of these important es-
sentials to perfect digestion are found In Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets ln convenient palatable form.
One or two of these tablets taken after meals Insure perfect
digestion and assimilation of the food. !
Cathartic pills and laxative medicines have no effect what-
ever In digesting food and to call such remedies a cure for
dyspepsia 1» far fetched and absurd.* " ' , -
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets contain pepsin free from animal
matter, diastase and other digestives, and not only digest all
wholesome food but tend to increase the flow of gastric Juices
and by giving the weak stomach a much needed rest bring about
a healthy condition of the digestive organs and a normal ap-
petite. /.?;>
Mr. E. W. Wlncherdon, a commercial traveler from Birm-
ingham, whose business keeps him almost, constantly on the
road, relates ln tbe Sunday News the dangers to health result-
ing from constant change cf residence and the way he over-
came the usual injurious effects.
He says : "One thing people traveling cannot very well avoid
Is the constant change In water and food; the stomach never
has an opportunity to become accustomed to anything and in a
few yeara or much sooner the average traveling man becomes
a hopeless dyspeptic.
"For several years I suffered more or less from Indigestion,
sour stomach, headaches, distaste for food, often no appetite,
gas on the stomach and the usual unpleasant effects of Imper-
fect digestion.
"Nearly every traveling man has his favorite remedy for dif-
ferent trouble* and I tried all of them with indifferent results.
Finally on the train between Pittsburg and Philadelphia one
day, I overheard a conversation between two ladles, one of
whom had suffered severely from Indigestion and stated she
had been completely cured by a remedy which she.caHed
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets; I remembered the conversation
A LAW OUT© USEiSELF.
and alB who are
obliged to eat EB*i*egii B
iai*ly and put up with
ail sorts of food,
cooked in all sorts
of ways? can keep
perfect digestion by
the regieiar use of
Rheumatism
\ ":- What Is the use of telling the' rheumatic
that he feels as if his joints were being di»«
locatea?''-;;^';-- ' ',V . \ " r ' ' ¦ ¦¦' '" \
P He ' knows that his sufferings are very
much like the tortures of the rack.
What he want* to know is what will per-
manently cure his disease. ' .. ' • . *
That, according to thousands of grateful
testimonials, is . • - ". ¦ '. - \
Hpj&sSarsqp^
It prdKptiy. neutralizes ; the acid 'in the
blood • on which the disease depends, com-
pletely- eliminates - It, and strengthens the j
system against its return,' ..Try Hood's./^ /•J
'Its Weight in Gold.
Recommends Pe-ru-na as Being Worth
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I cannot express my thanks for the ben-
efit your medicine has been to me."— J. R.
Prince. ¦ > *&g
'"JJkmm
lid Sill WiSO a i* © * ¦ V%^ << «m. H
hliged to eat irregu- /^^^^^^Hi
ii"ly stnd .put sip with / | \ : KI
ii sorts of fooeSp / |j> i^s^fii
Doked iei ail sorts | J wBfci
f w&y& 9 casi keep / 1 pBi Pi
arfect digest!®!* iiy #| . mB|11
ie reg^Sas 8 us® of ; J iSl ii
LAW OUT© HISiSELF- 'H «|
ery fi^an Rfust Be That to Retain His H
Health and Digestion. N
iere are-ttousands of people In tMs world who eat no meat | j$|fc|||||||y' • './
oaevear'send to another, and certain saraee tribes in Af- ' KSrj['* r S»y^ . ' HS
.Jfr A illS IS til©
II ; 0 "WeeK. to Save
(M ! . % See this list of drugs, medicines, etc., at special % r "
W prices— from 20 to 50 per cent lower than any other %
M- drug store in this city. These prices good until m
IjU. Saturday night, July aoth: \\\
Jj, Pinaud's- Extracts 65c One cake each Cuticura Soar> ll
wB Pinaad's French Perfumes — Qaid- j /•§,¦ iLitit o ' ~ It \
n . nipls Extracts: Iris Blanc, Helio- ana V^nurcnili S oOSD " 25c - l]|| ;
j&t ¦ trope Blmnc, Lilas Blanc, Violette Regular price SJc each. ill
#ri Blanc, White Rose Blanc. Regular .. .,. • U r
||j , price of the»e odon $i. Valdiers Violet Ammonia 20c fl I
tnl t M liny On 5 Soap -,~ -. IOC A P' e *»antanddeIightfullaxaiyfo* U J 1
HiJ . Somo stores charge l$e— » far 15c' *^ e bath— regular price ijc In
¦ ito. Renncr*s Malt Extract t 15c Belladonna Plasters A for 25c Im I
MV\ ' German (Munich) Malt generally Regular orice toe- S *«S IE
.|ft\ sells for. *5c or |i.ij a dozen — ' . pnee ioc eaca. . t a
\lr« l *" 8 we «k; on'jr >i.75 a dozen. Gasoline Of LticinC 10c ' tjjfl
yra\ ClOth5 Brushes 35C Pint bottle — sells reg-ilarl/ at j ?c, " irli
H* Yonr choice of any 50c brash in LcnOX Hair Tftflir "£? k ViH
Wfe Alpha, Fountain Syringe ¦ SS'aiSwSj.Vpric? **£"** te fflf
\K& _ No " 3 $*- 25 Duffy's Malt Whiskey 75c fff/f
. vV\», Two quarts— regmr pi ice |i.6o. . Re-uiax price ll - ff/J/PARIS MERRY
WITH REVELERS
SPECIAL AGENTS
RAID DISTILLERY
Proprietor and His Wife
; " Give Battle to the -'
Officers.
One Burns the Books ; and the
Other Chews Up Rev
enue Stamps.
Special Dispatch to Ae Call.
SAN JOSE. July 13.— The distillery of
Nicholas Antecivich, on Devine. street,
was raided to-day by Special Agent B. M.
Thomas and Deputy Collector Flannery
and a quantity of contraband |j brandy
seized. Antecivich was arrested. -• \
'For some time .the officers have sus
rpected .Antecivlch .of .selling unstamped
goods, for it was learned he was .dispos
ing of brandy at. a price below the Gov
ernment tax. To-day the officers went /to
his place and accused him'and asked to
see his books. Antecivich handed over
the Government book and told Ills wife to
destroy the others. Before she could be
caught she rushed upstairs, and locking
the door burned the books. Antecivich
was then arrested, but on his way to Jail
he eaid he would give them the- books if
they would go back with' him. -. .
The.officers returned. 'Antecivich opened
a drawer, and picking up a book of stamps
began to chew them up. A .fight, ensued,
with. the officers, and Flannery was bitten
in trying to rescue the stamps 'from the
man's mouth, and In addition Antecivlch's
wife hit him on the head with a club. The
stamps recovered were issued in 159S,
which shows conclusively that Antecivich
has not been using them on his product.
Antecivich was arraigned before United
States' Commissioner James and released
on $500 bonds. His examination is set for
Tuesday. . ' ¦ - ¦
Steamer Grounded at Pucherea.
CONCEPCION, July 13.— The Pacific
Navigation Company's steamer Talca is
badly grounded at Pucherea.
LEAVES A BLIND
MOTHER NOTHING
Qontest Against Thomas
M. Cooke's Will Is
' Filed? r
Butte County Citizen Charged
With Exerting Undue
"Influence.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
SACRAMENTO. July 13.-Margaret
Cooke, aged and hopelessly blind, has in
stituted in the Superior Court a contest of
the will of her deceased son, Thomas M.
Cooke, asserting that . he was induced
through undue Influence to > part' with his
property. Cooke owned in the rich Sacra
mento River section a ranch worth $8000.'
Some time ago, needing ready money, he
borrowed $300 from William H. Curry of
Nord, Butte County,; giving as security an
absolute deed tc his ranch. . Soon after
ward Illness necessitated his departure
for the dry climate of Tucson, Ariz.
It Is alleged in the proceedings brought
to-day that Curry followed ' Cooke to
Tucson; that he Induced him to return
with him to San Francisco and there en
ter a private hospital, and that while
there . and undor the influence of strong
drugs Curry prevailed -upon him to make
a' will in his 1 * favor, confirming the trans
fer of his ranch and giving Curry all he
possessed. The- will named William H.
Schooler, an attorney of San Francisco,
formerly of Chico, as executor. It was
filed ohortly after Cookc's death in May.
It is averred in Mrs. Cooke's complaint
that her son induced her to come to Sac
ramento to live with him; that their rela
tions had been s.uch as became a mother
pnd son, and that he often remarked that
he intended to leave her his estate. It is
alleged that Si?hocler, the executor, is a
friend of Curry, but- he is not cnargred
with having had any wrongful connection
with tbe transaction. It is declared that
at present Mrs. Cooke is penniless.
»'t..y.'t..t..t..'»..*..t..?:.«-f: . » » »«¦«-»- ? .»..t..t..f..t..T..i
LACK OF MOTIVE POWER SPOILS
SECOND TRIAL OF THE AIRSHIP
. Lands in a Tree.
A cumber of spectators had congregated
on the platform of the Eiffel tower to
watch the trial. They cheered the balloon-
prise of 100,000 francs offered by
Henry Deutsch for a manageable balloon
before a committee of the Aero Club to
day. Starting from the Pare de Meudon,
he reached the Eiffel Tower in a quarter
of an hour, and after sailing around the
tower started to return to the Pare de
Meudon. but lack of motive power neces
sitated a descent at Boulogne-sur-Seine.
The condition of the winning of the
Deutsch prize is that the trip from St.
Cloud to the Eiffel Tower and back must
be made in half an hour.
Santos-Dumont started at 7:40 a. m. He
reached the Eiffel Tower in fifteen min
utes, turned around it and had begun his
return trip, when the motor failed and
the aeronaut ripped the silk of his bal
loon, fearing disaster unless he could
quickly reach the ground. The balloon
pitched forward headforemost into a
clump of trees on the Rothschild estate
near Boulogne, where it was caught and
suspended In the branches on the oppo
site side of the Seine from, the starting
point. Santos-Dumont was not hurt.
IT. Santos-Dumont Starts Out Well for the Deutsch
Prize, but Suddenly Lands in a Tree Top.
PARIS. July 13— M. Santos-Du
mont. the Brazilian aeronaut,
made the official trial of his bal
loon in the attempt to win the
ably is responsible for the collapse of hla
machinery, as the balloon was seen to
turn partly over on- its side. ,, It is calcu
lated that but for the accident the trip
from the Pare de Meudon around the
tower and back would have been a com
plete success and would have been accom
plished in fifty minutes. Santos-Dumont,
as he climbed down from the tree where
his balloon caught, was questioned as to
what had. occurred. He said; . f
"My motor was badly regulated and
suddenly refused to act when I was pre
paring to descend. I saw at once that un
less some action was promptly taken the
balloon would be carried away by the
wind. So I ripped the silk in order -to
come down immediately. All had gone
well on my trip up to that moment. I did
not succeed entirely this time, but I hape
to be more fortunate with my next at
tempt. I am not bruised or hurt in any
way."
Consternation Prevails.
A . few more ¦ moments would have
brought Santos-Dumont safely back to
his port of , departure, when suddenly the
balloon stopped short and its screws
ceased to revolve. Consternation pre
vailed among the members of the Aero
Club committee and the crowd, and some
one exclaimed, "He is done for."
The balloon, however, was carried slow
ly by the breeze toward the grounds of the
Aero Club, and subsequently it was blown
back to Boulogne, where the aerial trav
eler ripped its silken sides and descended
Into a clump of trees.
Santos-Dumont will resume his attempt
to win the Deutsch prize a. week hence.
BUTTE, Mont., July' 13.— According to
the,, estimate of, Manager Wilson i of the
Butte Hotel, $25,000- will cover the entire
loss by. the fire . at that'place this^morn
ing. The i work of renovating the hotel
has already been begun.
Twenty-Five Thousand i the Loss.
Last March Lulu Glossbreriner, 13 years
old, -. disappeared from Eldersmill. The
body has been identified as hers, and a
Mexican, Jesus Carrara, has been ar
rested, charged w%th her murder. At the
time of the girl's disappearance it was
suspected that* Carrara knew where she
was, but there was no proof against him.
SANTA FE, N. M., July 13.— The body
of a murdered girl was found to-day by
a dog which was discovered feasting on
one leg , of the corp'se near Santa Rita.
Tho limb was brought to Santa Fe and
examined by a doctor, who said it was
that of a human being. Search was made
and presently, the girl's body was discov
ered buried under rubbish.' ... ; ',
Special Dispatch to The Call..
Remains of a Murdered
Girl Found in New
"fj Mexico.
DOG DISCOVERS
CHILD'S BODY
Baroness de Pallandt and they had a long
conversation., Then Hanna and several
detectives searched the ship • and found
that rooms 4, 5 and 6 had been engaged by
Mrs. Hanna, but also that her name had
been stricken from the passenger list.
Her maid was aboard, however, and all
her baggage was on the, steamer's deck.
Upon arrival at room 6 the detectives
found that it was locked and guarded by
a member of; the ship's crew. As no
criminal -offense was charged, the detec
tives did not dare break in the cabin.
About half an hour before the Campania
sailed Hanna left the ship and the dock
in a cab, accompanied by a Cleveland at
torney. •"•¦¦'
MANY DEATHS DUE
. TO THE HOT WEATHER
NEW YORK, July 13.— New York City
had a death rate of 40.82 last week, al
most double the usual summer rate. This
large Increase was due to the excessive
heat that prevailed in the early part of
the week. There were 2267 deaths from all
causes,' against 1524 for the corresponding
week in 1900. ;¦' ' „
NEW ORLEANS, July 13.— The Govern
ment thermometer at 2:30 "o'clock reg
istered- 101.8. breaking all hot weather
records for New Orleans. No prostrations
were reported. 1 : .-, , - ' • '
ST. PAUL, July 13.— This was the hot
test day , ever, recorded by the Govern
ment weather .' bureau at this station,
being .' 98. i instruments ranged
from 100 to '105. One prostration was re
ported, -i": ¦;¦;.' - , : ; ;
Consul Is a Bankrupt.
NEW YORK, July 13.— Sol Berliner, the
United States Consul at Teneriffe, Canary.
Islands/who is here on a sixty days' leave
of absence, filed a. petition in bankruptcy
to-day. The liabilities are placed at $51,-
S53, with, no assets.
Hanlan Coach for Columbia.
•NEW YORK, July 13.— The World will
say to-morrow: Edward Hanlan is to be
the Columbia ; University's permanent
rowing coach and Is to make New York
his 'home in the future, and will become
an Atnprlpan Htizen. "
LEE LOOK MUST
FIGHT FOR LIFE
Evidence Against the
Highbinder Is Past
Accumulating.
- •/ — — • —
Santa Clara's District Attor
ney Will. Have Plenty
of Assistance. *
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, July "13. —Great interest cen
ters in the second trial of Lee Look for
the murder of 'Lee Wing, ! which will be
gin in Judge Lorigan's court on Monday
morning. ; Since the disagreement of the
jury last week District Attorney Camp
bell and Sheriff Langl ord have been hard
at work on s the case, and the evidence in
troduced at the first trial has been mater
ially strengthened.. There will be a. posi
tive identification of Lee Look as the
murderer of Lee Wing by Deputy Sheriff
Rives and Policeman Hughes, who caught
him in the act. ' ;.. .
j Coroner Kell, aa '¦ olisor, has summoned
a- special venire of sixty talesmen for
jurors. Greet care has been taken, in tha
selection and all parts of tho county will
be represented.
The flndingof a 44-caliber bullet in the
remains of Wins, which corresponds to
the revolver taken from Lee Look, with
four chambers empty, Is seemingly proof
positive that'he flred one of the sixteen
shots into Lee Wing's body. Besides this,
it Is said some of the witnesses for the
defense are willing to modify their testi
mony.
The action of the Jury in disagreeing in
the first trial is severely denounced.
Judge Lorigan was so amazed that he
gave up his vacation and set the second
trial for a week later. JListrlct Attorney
Campbell will be assisted in the prose
cution by Attorney V. A. Scheller, who
has b«n hired to assist by W. K. Beans,
the late- employer of Lee Wing. It is said
that James W. Rea has engag-ed Senator
Charles M. Shortridge to assist in the
prosecution.
FAILS TO FIND
HIS CHILDREN
Wife of Daniel Hanna
Outwits Her Former
\ Husband.
NEW YORK, July 13.— Mrs. Mary Har
rington Hanna, who obtained a divorce
from Dan R. Hanna of Cleveland three
years ago, sailed for Europe to-day on the
Campania with her three children. Hanna
is a son of Senator M. A. Hanna. The
young woman succeeded in boarding; , the
Campania and in remaining hidden until
it was too late to serve a writ of habeas
corpus requiring her to produce the chil
dren in court on Monday next. This writ
was obtained after service of a similar
one had been avoided in Ohio. Both writs
were issued on the application of Hanna,
who did not wish his children taken to
Europe. .
Hanna arrived in New York this morn
ing and after a consultation with attor
neys he applied for and obtained a writ
of habeas corpus commanding Mrs. Han
na to produce the children in ' court on
Monday: As soon as the writ - was ob
tained^ Hanna and a detective went to th,e
Savoy Hotel, where Mrs. Hanna and sev
eral -friends had been stopping, to . serve
it. There it was learned that the entire
party had left the hotel early in the
morning and it was reported that they
had sailed on the Menomlnee. . On Kear
ing this Hanna went directly to the At
lantic Transport dock, where he was told
that his wife had not sailed on the Meno
minee. Then he went directly to the
Cunard dock,, where the Campania was
being made ready to sail.
On the Campania Hanna met the
Continued From Page Fourteen, :,'.
WITH RED FIDE HID MUSIC THIRD (jlTIDl'liL BUNDES-FEST IS OPENED.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 14, 1901.
Shooting King Honored.
After the cheering that greeted the close
bales they slaughtered the great English army
of Fakenbam. I tell you this, skill In arms
Is important and this is • no holiday for you
gentlemen. Tou come here to shoot at targets,
but your coming means a great more than
that. It means awakening the Interest of our
people In the use of these weapons of pre
cision, which will make them strong and In
vincible in war. I welcome you most heartily
to our great city. I trust your coming among
us will be received, as I know it will be, and
you will be received by our citizens cordially
and taken to their hearts and their .homes.
We are clad to see strangers, we are glad to
welcome our Eastern brethren, and when you
come on a. mission of this kind you are thrice
welcome. And now in the name of the city
I bid you ¦welcome and good cheer. (Great ap
plause.) *
.:..' When a . man " asks a . woman to t be his
wife.it is ; merely; a' catch; Question.' ':. •¦
"Tester day afternoon . and evening repre^
sentatives of the Eastern schuetzen socie
ties arrived in this city in large numbers.
The visitors >now. here represent the Mas
sachusetts . Rifle Association, the Iroquols
Rifle Club -of Plttsburg, the Brooklyn
Schuetzen Corps," the Independent .New
York : Sqhuetzen'^ Club , and -' the ¦ Wisconsin
Riflemen. -. • ' •:.-.-_ •.-.. >• :< i
Many Club's Represented.
.At 12 o'clock Captain F. A. Kuhls, presi
dent of the bundes," will deliver the open
ing-address.--: An' hour,; later he will fire
the three -symoolic' shots,- and then the
shooting. contests will be inaugurated. .
This will be the day of the great parade
and every . German society, in ; the city,
military and otherwise, \will find a place
in line. Seven divisions 'there will be, all
headed by full military bands. The order
of-: the parade was DUbllshed in . full in
Saturday's Call. ; The line of march will
be from the Palace Hotel, the nolnt of
formation, up Market street to City; Hall
avenue/ There the procession will coun-,
termarch ' around - the .Lick • monument,
turning down ;• Market to Kearney,- to
California, , to Montgomery,:, to Market,
and .then to the ferry. :The parade will
start promptly at 9 o'clock this morning.
A ' special ¦ boat : will > carry the Schuetzens
to the Oakland mole, where special trains
will run directly to Shell Mound Park.- |
Grand Parade This Morning.
'- There were more cheers, and then Cap
tain Kuhls introduced that veteran of
many shootings, Wilriam Ehrenpfort, 74
vears of age and the only surviving mem
ber of the Centennial shooting team of
1876. The veteran spoke briefly in German,
and then the crowd dissolved into a social
gathering, the : !" Calif ornians urging re
freshments.upon their, guests. Most of the
visitors were introduced to _ Mayor Phe
lan, while those who were strangers • to
each other were made acquainted by the
members of the reception committee.
Other Honors Bestowed,^
' "But I assure youthat I can appreciate
the ¦welcome we have all ¦ of us had here.
It is generous, almost overpowering. "Why,
If the members of this Bund accept all the
hospitalities tendered to them some of
them will not : survive. They will be
killed with kindness." > '
Then Captain Dux, commander of the
Central Schuetzen of 'New York, was In
troduced and returned: thanks briefly on
behalf of the men he represented.
By this time Louis- Haake had found a
prize among the visitors and came down
the central aisle leading William. Hayes,
the Shooting King of America. There
was a roar of applause,-, and when it had
subsided Captain Kunls introduced the
visitor. Stepping before Mr. Hayes, Cap
tain Kuhls took an elaborate gold and
white badge. from his pocket, having the
insignia »f the order, and in due form
invested the visitor with the rank and
dignity - of honorary president of the
Shooting Bund of America. How well. the
honor was/ deserved was testified \ by the
enthusiastic cheering of the audience fol
lowing this announcement. -
• ."Ladies and gentlemen." said Mr,
Hayes when the applause had subsided,
"I am- sorry that I do not speak your
native language. Unfortunately, I was
born in America. Worse than that, as I
now see, I was born on the wrong side of
America — I was born in the j East — and I
appreciate that the more with every hour
that I liye in this wonderful climate.
of the Mayor's remarks had in some de
gree subsided, Captain ICuhls, speaking in
German, proposed a toast to the visitors.
Refreshments, both liquid and solid, were
by "this time being served to all present,
and the toast was drunk with all the hon
ors. .
M. Santos-Dumont, in his latest
airship, called Santos-Dumont No.
5. circled Eiffel tower and traveled .
five miles in the teeth of a west- /
erly wind.
Total distance covered in trip
from St. Cloud round Eiffel tower
and return was little under ten
miles.
This distance the airship covered
in forty-one minutes, eleven more
than the half hour in which it is
necessary to complete the trip in
crdec to win the prize of 100.000
francs offered by M. Henri
Deutsch. i
Going out from St. Cloud to Eif
fel tower with the wind astern he
took thirteen minutes; coming
back against the wind required
twenty-eight minutes. With the
wind the airship made a speed of
about twenty-three miles" an hour,
and returning against it ten miles
an hour.
SPEED OF AIRSHIP.
1st as he rounded the tower. The wln<
which was lacking during the first part <
the trip, sprang up after Santos-Dumoi
started on the return journey and prol
' Tightening the strings of a violin is a
strain of music. ;'
A big procession of cyclists and automo
biles carrying torches and Japanese . lan
terns left the Latin quarter to-night and
rode to the Bols de Boulogne. Those tak
ing part in the processioil will, return to
the ctty ¦ for the midnight ball. - " . ¦
The change in temperature this evening
is hailed -with satisfaction in view of the
great annual review at the Longchampa
racecourse, which will take place to-mor
row afternoon. An unusual attraction at
the review will be the presence of the
members of the Moorish mission, attired
in striking Oriental costuwies. There will
participate for the first time a company of
military cyclists, who have just ridden to
Parts from Sedan in three days. They
ride specially -made bicycles, .which can b«
folded in thirty seconds and carried on the
backs of the men. They will march past
President Loubet, first with their bicycles
on their backs and the*n mounted.
The spell of sultry weather which has
prevailed for a week past was broken by
a heavy hailstorm this afternoon and to
night the weather is fine and cool. The
terraces in front of the cafes are crammed
with holiday-makers. There will be a
children's fete, open-air games and other
amusements in the working quarters to
morrow and displays of fireworks will.be
given and music and dancing will be re
sumed in the evening. The festivities will
be continued Monday, ••which, although
the' authorities have refused to declare it
an official fete day, it will be kept as a
holiday by most Parisians. - v
PARIS, July 13.— Paris Is gayly be«
flagged to-night in anticipation of the na
tional fete to-morrow, the anniversary ot
the Fall of the Bastile. Throughout tha
city, particularly in the middle and work
ing classes, open-air bills, are being held
in almost every square* and cross-street,
where band stands have been erected.
Th6se in central positoins, such as tha
Opera square and the Place de la Bourse,
are elaborately decorated with bunting
and Chinese lanterns, while in the poorer
quarters a few planks placed on barrels
or a wagon dra pea with national colors oj
ornamented with a half dozen lanterns
serve as a stand for a scratch orchestra,
around which workingmen and their fan>
ilies dance the night long.
15
While scientists are puzzling their brains
to find out the cause, each individual can,
by a little precaution* avoid the chances
of contracting dreaded and dangerous
kidney trouble, or eradicate it completely
from their system if already af Aicted.
Many precious lives might have been, and
many more can yet be saved, by paying
attention to the kidneys.
It is the mission of The Call to benefit
its readers at ' every opportunity and,
therefore, we advise all who have any
symptoms of kidney or bladder trouble to
write to-day to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Bing-
hamton, N. Y., for a free sample bottla
of Swamp-Root, the celebrated specino
which Is having such a great demand
and remarkable success in the euro of tho
most distressing kidney and bladder
troubles. With the sample bottle of
Swamp-Root will also be sent free a pam-
phlet and treatise of valuable informa-
tion.
To-day -we see a relative, a friend or an
acquaintance apparently veil *¦ and in a
few days we may be grieved to learn of
their serious illness or sudden death,
caused by that fatal type of kidney trou-
ble— Bright's disease.
- Kidney trouble often becomes advanced
into acute stages before the afflicted Is
aware of its presence; that is why wa
read of so n?any sudden deaths of promi-
nent business and professional men, phy-
sicians and others. They have neglected
to stop the leak in time.
At no time in the history of disease has
there been such an alarming increase in
the number of cases of any particular
malady as in that of kidney and bladder
troubles now preying upon the people of
this country.
Increase in an Already Prevail-
ing Disease — Are Any
ExemptP
Vital Statistics Show an Alarming
IS IT AN EPIDEMIC?
DB, KILMER'S SWAHP-EOOT.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CHAS. CONKLIN &CO.,
710 Market St. Phone Main 5337.
Steamers sailing- July 18.
Grand round trip excursion!
NOME!
We- have certain special Induce-
ments to offer to freight shippers
and passengers to
PORTLAND, Or..
And Khort Rail Lino from Portland to all
points East. Thpoufth fi;ket* to all
pclnts. all rail or «tenm*h!o «nd rail, at
STEAXEB TICKETS IKCLUDE BERTH »cd HEALS.
6S '.f. Sails" July '*«/». AueiiVtl. U, a, 31
ES - GEO -..YslV D^vviv;' 2 v:' Au^s'tX-ie. 2 .
D.W.HITCHCOCK.Gen.Agt^l Montgom'y. S.F.
Oaly tSt^atxa-mtxtf* !**»• *°
O. R. & N. CO.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And CIA 6UD AMBRICA>A DE VAPOSES
To Valparaiso, etoppinc at Mexican, 'Central
and South American ports. Sailing from Har-
yison-st. wharf, 12 m.
AREQUIPA JuryiT.'PERU .. ..Augrust 7
ACONCAGUA ..July 21|GUATEMALA...Aus 22
These steamers ere built exnreesly for Cen-
tral and South American nassenirer service.
<No chanre at Acapuico or. Panama.) • Freigrht
aod pasuneer office. 316 California street.
fUI-rOCB. GUTHRIB & CO.. Gen. Agents.
f\ a f"I* •* nmil ¦ Corner Fourth and
r IilL nilulil Market - s - f - Tr y
I Urr Kill 111 r Special Brew,
liiii L IIU 1 HL steam and La * er -
"¦ •¦:¦•- ¦ "V " • •¦"Be. . • Overcoats i and
--'valises checked t rea.
1:45 t m., S:15 and' 8:30 p.m., except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:45 a. m.. 8:80 p. m. Leave*
Vallejo. 7 a. m., 12:30 noon. S p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m., 4:13 p. m. Far* N
cent*. - Telephone - Mala 1508. Landing and ot*
fice,' pier 2. HUslon-tt. Cock. HATCH SRO3.
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
BAY AND " EIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY; YARD AND VALLEJO.
DR. BALL'S REINVIGORATORgSfRfa
Five hundred reward for any
case we cannot cure. This secret |39 .Hu
remedy stops all losses In 24 hours, | * • ¦.--- * H
cures Emlsslcns, Impotency, Varl- BBB KfilM
cocele. Gonorrhea, Gleet, Fits, fS\\" fivrttl
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all JfeMJ LWj
wasting effects of self-abuse or ESSsLJeSqb
excesses. Sent sealed, $2 bottle; 3* ftaBcaiTwy
bottles $5; guaranteed to cure »ny case.' ¦ Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE, 855
Broadway, Oakland, Cat. Also for sale at 1073ft
Market et., 8. F. Ail private diseases quickly
cured- Send for free book. ¦ • ¦ , •' : ;_
S. S. ZEALAXDIA, for Honolulu
. Saturday, July 20, 2 p. m.
S 8. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa, New
Zealand and Aus Thurs., Aug. 1, 10 a. m.
B. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Tuesday. August 6. 10 a. m.
i. D.SPEEGKELS & BROS. CO., Bsnera! Agonfe, 327 Garket St
ten'! Passenger CiSot, 643 fearket St., Pier Hi. 7. Pacific St
23 First Street. San FrBnclno.
PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS- JUDD CO.,
AAA^nlA St £ Pii Mmn ' MKM « Kns 1
VV*mUlV < ' -<J * VV# OWECfLIKEloUHIIL !
COKPAGNIE GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQUE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ji***^.
Sailing- every Thursday, Instead of <E^f^S%
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42, ««*iJ0B»
North River, foot of Morton street; *La Nor-
mandle. July 18; La Bretag^ie.- July 25; La
Champagne. August 1, La Gascogne. August 8.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOll UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 22 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. . FUGAZI & CO.. Paclno Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery ave-uie. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by alLRallroat^cket Agents.
»• *Twln Screw Express Steah.V B . ¦¦'¦< ?¦ ¦¦
PRINTING.
ET HFTfiHFS printer,
\f IIUUnC3, ; BllSansome st..S. F.
Pioneer. Dry Goods Store.
MEN'S WHITE DRESS SHIRTS for 40c.
¦worth $1; Ladles' and Children's Hose 5c a
Pair, at Pioneer Dry Goods Store, 105 Fifth st.
LUBRICATING OILS. ENSIGN & McGUF-
FICK, 23 Spear St., S.- F. Tel. Main 5320.
From Steuart street at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office, 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
S. S. Leelanaw sails Mon-Jjy, duly 15
S. S. Argyll sails Monday, , Aug. 12
S. 6. Uelanaw Kails Monday, Aug. 26
Cabin, >105; Steerage, ?40,
PANAMA R, R, S S
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
- - 418 Front St., S. F. . Phone Main 1719. • .. ,
/ FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IAQ RflYFS £ Tfl Shipping Butchers. • 104
JA3- flWlCJtt W;- clay. Tel. Main 1294
SUGH A CHANGE.
Not only in feelings but in looks. The
skin is clear, the eyes^ are bright, the
cheeks are 'plump. NS more pain and
misery, no more sick headache, no more
jaundice. What worked the change ?,
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery,
which cured the disease of the stomach
that prevented proper nutrition, and also
cleansed the clogged and sluggish liver.
Dr. Pierce's Golden' Medical Discovery
cures diseases of the stomach and other
organs of digestion and , nutrition. It
cures diseases . of lungs, heart, liver, and
other organs which • seem remote from
the stomach because many of these dis-
eases have their cause' in a diseased con-
dition? of the stomach ' involving . the
allied organs of digestion and nutrition.
"Isentvou a' letter about a year ago," writes
Mrs. J. Ellis Hamilton, of Farmington, Marion
Co., West Va. ¦ "I stated my case as plainly as I
could, and deceived a letter from you in a few.
days, telling me to use Dr. Pierce's Golden Med-
ical Discovery and V Favorite ( Prescription '—a
bottle of each. .1 used three of each, and feel
like a new woman. ¦> Don't suffer any pain or
misery any more.; Before using your medicines
I suffered all the time — had jaundice, caused
from food not digesting properly. : I would have
sick headache three 'and four times in a week.
Could not do the work myself. I commenced
using your medicines as recommended for liver
complaint, and think I am cured now. '-I asked
our doctor if he couldn't cure me, and he said he
could give me medicine „ to help nie but the
trouble ' might ' return any time. ;' ' I doctored
three years ¦without any relief. Haven't had
sick 1 headache since . I took the first bottle of
your medicine." ' • ,. ¦ ;. v ¦-. :?
Dr. Pierce's Pellets cure constipation. .
COAL. COKE AN J PICJ IRON.
JT WII £ ffl ¦¦ 90 ° Battery Street.
• L- iTll/OUK tt VU-> Telephone Main 186!.
BILLIARDS. POOL AND BAR FIXTURES
St. Germain Billiard Co.. ¦ late Jacob Strahle
& Co. (est'd. 1852V 409 Market St.; upon in-
stallment or rented; also beer apparatus.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
STEAMERS WILI» LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at Id, m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hicgo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board oa
day of Bailing. •<> ••
SS. NIPPON MARU.;. Wednesday, July 17. 1901
6S.. AMERICA MARU.. ..Saturday. Aug. wVl901
SS. HONGKONG MARU
¦ Wednesday, September 4, 1901
I Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. . For
freight and passage apply at company's offlce,
421 Market street, corner First
W. H. AVERY. General Agent
TOYO KISENKAISHA.
From New Tork Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Pennland July 24 Kensington ..August 14
Bouthwark ......July 31 "Zeeland August 21
•Vaderland ..August 7 TYlesland ....August 28
•Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL. NAVIGATION CO.,
CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
Stopping at Cherbourg-, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
Bt. Paul .August 7 St. Loula.. September 4
St. Louis August H Philadelphia ...Sept. 11
PhiladelphUu.August 21 St. Paul Sept. 18
St. Paul August 28 St. Louis .: Sept. 25
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW 70KK. 80OTHAXPT0N. MKD0S. PAB18.
OCEAN TBJLVEL.
OCELAJN" TEAVEL.
OCEAN TB.AVEI1.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
m <a.' Steamers leave . Broadway
'Wharf. San Francisco:
ThNhr,-. For Alaykan ports — 11 a. m. t
l^^ji July 15, 20, 25. 30, August 4.
m#lTj*|^jh Change to company's Bteam-
V£n&t\*?k * Tf fit Seattle.
Kb^iSH \ib For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
£ffidEr^yfr*3 C.). Pert To-nnspnd, Seattle,
f^**j^^«B^3 Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
end New Whatccra (Wash.)—
11 a. m., July 15. 20. 25. 30,
Aug. 4, und every fifth day thereafter. Chang*
at SeatUe for this company's steamers for
Alaska. an<I G. N. Ry. : at Seattle or Tacoma
for I*. P. Ry-: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. m.,
July 11. 16, 21, 26, 31, Aug. 6. and every filth
day thereafter.
For San IMeeo. stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo <Ix>s An-
jrcles) — Steamer Santa' Roea, Sundays. 9 a. m. ;
Steamer Corona. Wednesdays. 9 a. m.
Foe Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz.
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford
<San Luis Oblspo). Gavlota, Kanta Barbara.
Ventura. Hueneme. East San Pedro. San Pe-
dro and "Newport <*Coos Bay only)— Steamer
Coos Bay. Saturdays, 9 a. m.; Steamer Bo-
n'ita, Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jo*e del
Cabo Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas <Mex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th each
month.
For further information obtain company* b
The company reserves the rii?ht to change
eteemers. sailing: dates and hours of sailing
without prevSoii« notice.
TICKPT OFFICE — < New Montgomery
¦^SafpraSlKS ft CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market et.. San Francisco.
I h Few Reasons Which Are Rapidly taking ' np|Iij|
I , a Hew Catarrh Ours Famous. Wi!s1M)
t§& 8tnart'&>Catarrti Tablets, the new Catarrh can catarrh, but simply give temporary relief which K r^'ls
&** fcas tbe foHowiag advantages OTer otfcer catarrh a <5oseof pla!: 1 salt andTrater-rrilldo justas well. ic-imt\~-
||j£ remedies. Catarrh must be driven out of tho system, out ll&fufiil IW + i>n
IM First- These tablets contain no cocaine, mor- of the blood, by an internal remedy because an l|fJfplpf jiji '^Sfi
wS rhlne or any other injurious drug and are as internal remedy is the only kind which can be m \ |[d hjl jH^ I •
CS3 eafeand beneficial for children as for adnlts; assimilated into the blood. ... §|;%fl M \\\Wfr,' 1
HI ful« i« an important point when it is re-called Stuart's Catarrh Tablets do this better than |» ft If -M mjfl/%
VM that man* catarrh remedies do contain these the old form of treatment because they contain g| ft W - \^i //£
Et« Terr ob'ecttonal ingredients every safe specific known to modern science in /j ff
W A-'ext-'" Being in tablet form this remedy does the antiseptic treatment of the disease ?'
m not deteriorate irtth age, or an exposure to the >ext: The use of tahalers, and spraying ap.. gtt|I
H Sr m lUmid preparations Invariably do. P ara us f f s - f esldes being and dis jgtt \ j
Kp fcu««"*« r --,.-?•>,• appointing Is expensive, while a complete treat- |fi B 15J
1 Kert: The tablet form not only p re^rresthe m Xtof Stuart's Catarrt Tablets can be. had at i \\\-
m medicinal properties tmt It is so far more con- Unlte4 qi Oanada «l A ' \ ,
jw£ Tcniest to carry and to rise at any time that it is gs* k a a
I on!y a question cf time when the tablet will en- A Charlestoaf Mass> the . || \ % \\
I 8^^ e " quId < JS2 1 2SrSl«t^£ ha PPy Possessor ot fonr children, writes: §| \ \ \\
$£ ready done In the medical department of tha .. Catarrll TaWet9 not only cured me of chronio W&A \\\
% United States army. nasal and throat catarrh, but they have saved ij^SAVHl**^
a No secret is made of the eomposl- me man y an anxious night with my little ones." rIL v\ \ A H
Si tion of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets; they con- Dr. J. J. Reltlger, of Covlngton, Ky., says: — Iliiai B \ \ »
S tain the active principle of Eucalyptus baric, red «j suffered from catarrh in my head and throat I |§J&I \ n \ M
jjg gum blood root and Hydrastin, all harmless antl- eTerT f aU) stoppage of the nose and lrrita- 1 \\ ¦ \ B
gi septles, which, however, are death to catarrhal tlon In the throat affecting my voice" and often ||i \ v \S1 H 1 1
jM| cerms wherever found, because they eliminate extending to the stomach, causing catarrh of the e|ft\ Ml \ft
|B them from the blood. stomach, I bought a fifty cent package of |>9?I I 1 II l|
t? Next: You can not cure catarrh by local appll- Stuart's Catarrh Tablets at my druggist's, carried jjliaY | ' 1 \»
Hp cations to the nose and Uuoat, because these are them In my pocket and used tbem faithfully, and faf^V '1 B''\rl
fe simply local symptoms and such treatment can the way in which they cleared my'haad and W&sij\ 1 1 la
gj£ not possibly reach the real seat of catarrhal dis- throat was certainly remarkable. I had no KSy J \ I I IS
fe ease which Is the blood; for this reason, Inhalers, catarrh last winter and spring and consider my- KfraL _j • 1 1 J!
W douches, sprays and powders nover really cure self entirely free from any. catarrhal trouble."
I Furniture ~j
H , A Superb Collection of Fancy and odd Rockers. S
I Comfort and quality first, then originality in de- 1
g Sign and variety in finish. This one comes in quartered gold- §
B en and Flemish oak, boldly carved, rich leather upholstered scat. m
U Other Leather Scat Rockers, comfortable and scrvicable as low as 1.50 I]
1 A \ \CWX\f*f For your comfort and |
a 11 AJVJlllV^l . , .. -\g
g ,. convenience when visit- ' t&
I -ing our New Drapery Department. It is on the |
¦ ground floor now. Come and see how .complete it 1
I is. Rest on cosy couch or easy diair while enjoy- 1
ing the_ beauty in color and fabric — your pleasure |
' shall be our recompense. |
"The Credit House." Six Stories High. |
23 3-23 1 5-23 7 v BrW f*2J!i? S Marfoa in Plain Tt<tta*^ji Private Exckaif* ' gj-- In Bavaria' only 5 per cent of the army
• recruits have sound teeth.
v. Modesty ! Is • a*- rare? virtue that- many
people blush • to own. <¦'¦.¦ " .
.Coast line parlor, car daylight express
leaves 9 a, m.. Instead of 8 a.m. for Mon
terey, Santa Cruz, Paso Robles, San Luis
Oblspo. Santa Barbara.' Last afternoon
train for Santa j Cruz : and 3:30
p. m.\ Time-tables 613 Market street and
Third and Townsend streets station. \
Southern Pacific Change of Time.
,'GUTHRIE, O. T., July 13.— Fire broke
out at Enid, to-nisht and destroyed a
butcher shop, second-hand store and four
other stores. -The water supply gave out
and the town ; was at the mercy 'of the
flames.;
At the Mercy of Flames.
MEMPHIS,. Tenn.. July 13.— The scourge
of charbon is creating: a -reign of terror
throughout the counties'of Bolivar,'Madi
eon and Coahoma, in Mississippi, and it
Js rumored that not enough animals have
?•scaped the disease to work the crops. for
the remainder of the year; The disease
is so very, virulent that It is affecting all
forms of animalllfe. Seven negroes have
died in the vicinity ofBeulah." Bolivar
County; . : from the . disease/ and it. .has
created such, dread among: other negroes
that they are refusing. to take work.
Scourge Terrorizes the Negroes.
SACRAMENTO. July 13— Late this aft
ernoon fire broke out, in. a Chinese |drug
store at I street and' swept every
building fronting on I. street: to Third, a
half block. - The buildings were . all old
iand most of them wooden structures. All
except one were owned by Philip O'Neill
of San Francisco and were insured. The
other building, -an old two-atory i frame,
was owned by Jacob Tate of this city. It
had a history, having been' brought in sec
tions around the Horn in 1853. The loss on
buildings is estimated at from $5000 to $10,
000, and the loss to the Chinese shopkeep
ers at about $5000. . «.
Fire in Chinese Quarter.
SUNBURY. Pa., July 13.— An excursion
boat anchored in 'the Susquehanna River
at the foot of Market street in this city
blew up with terrific force to-day, killing
two boys and injuring a dozen other, per-
EXPLOSION ENDS
LIVES OF BOYS
i ""The northern portion of the district I
could not reach, because there was^no one
there . who knew, where,' the", water .: ho^es
are, and as no development, work has been
done there; anfi- as no feed is obtainable
it would have been suicidal to attempt lt. v
I investigated thoroughly all of the coun
try, commencing at the Mexican boundary
line and running northward, past the Car-
"In that country," said he, "the super
ficial and mechanical deposits are over
lying the -'shale, making it = difficult for a
geologist to predicate, anything definite
concerning it; One cannot find ; the rim
rock on the outside, of the district .and
trace it in. In portions of the section,
there are a great many external evidences
of petroleum, and in all human probability
it will be found," although test wells must
be put down to ascertain the amount On
the other hand, there is considerable ter
ritory filed upon that it will be necessary
to turn down, as if is too near igneous
and metamorphic rocks. One. might as
well look' into a lime kiln lor oil as into
igneous rocks." : . .--':"¦ . - • ¦ ."
.SAN DIEGO, July 13.— Dr. Stephen Bow
ers, State Mine Examiner and Geologist
in the field, returned to-night from the
desert, where he investigated the oil pros- 4
pects of Ihe Carrlso Creek section for the
State. The trip consumed twenty days,
and during part of that time the ther
mometer registered from; 110 to 130-de
grees. Despite the extreme ' heat, Dr.
Bowers said,' the j investigation' proved to
be. a pleasant one for 'him and of. unusual
interest scientifically. -
Special Dispatch to The Call,
OIL INDICATIONS
OW THE DESERT
sons, two "fatally* One man is missing
and mav have been killed. The dead smss:
ALLEN and ARTIE FET2ER, aged 14
and 12 respectively.
The missing man is George Frymier,
the pilot of the boat, and the injured are:
Charles Keller, aged 12 years, internally,
will die: Frank Keller, aged 8. will die;
William Pulen, aged 17; Harry Adams,
aced 13. ;
Several others wore injured, but not
seriously. All of the boys killed and in
jured were fishing on a near-by wharf
when the explosion occurred. The engi
neer was absent at the time, having, left
the boat in charge of the pilot. When he
left there was a pressure of sixty pounds
in -the boiler, and he says he opened the
nre door. No cause is given for. the ex-,
plosion. . , ¦
riso Mountains, the Black Mountains and
the range to the north, while- the mer
cury was from 110 ¦ to 130 degrees. - We
would work in the f prenoon and lay by
from 12 till 4 o'clock, the hottest part of
the day. Sometimes, however, . we worked
all day without stopping. We visited the
four oil wells on the desert and found
them- down to the following depths:
Bailey's, 130 feet; Barrett's, 175 feet; Han
na's, .190 feet; Harper's, 150 feet. Work
has been | suspended temporarily on the
Hanna and Harper wells until larger and
better outfits can be procured. '
"I found the accumulation of fossils
wonderful; ¦ in - fact, they, exceeded any
thing.that I have ever met- in any part
of the world or have ever read about. In
tertiary times the conditions ; for the
growth of oysters must have been of the
most !. favored character. The. probabili
ties are that the ; fresh water from the
Colorado River,- mingling with the salt
water of the ocean that existed there at
one time has made it so favorable., I
found beds of- oysters 200 feet thick and
extending for nearly thirty miles. In one
place I discovered an old coral reef, which
I traced for ten miles. ¦', The accumulation
of shells, bivalves and univalves Is almost
beyond belief." - ..
. Mr. Bowers will leave for thenorth to^
marrow morning..- - . •; ¦/ . , ¦;,. . f.
Smelters Will Resume Work.
BUTTE. Mont, July 13.— After being
idle for six weeks on account of differ
ences with employes over the elpht-hour
question the Colorado smelter will start
to-morrow with a full force of men. Tha
trouble arose over the demand of tho
smelter men that the outside men. In
cluding machinists, should receive tha
benefit of the eight-hour law. The com
pany, not being willing to concede thia.
closed down the works. The men will go
to work on the old arrangement, by which
all men actually employed in the work of
smelting get eight hours a day at tha
wages formerly paid for ten.
In India and Persia sheep are used aa
beasts of burden.
The Kansas. City livestock market la an
index to the situation. The livestock mar
ket has gone through one of the most try
ing weeks ln many years. As many, feed
ers as possible are holding back their cat
tle in the hope that rain will come. Each
day. however, brings them to the inevita
ble and the commission men are flooded
with letters Indicating that next week is
the longest they can hold out. Ruling
¦prices are. the !owest in many years, and
during the last few days the commoner
grades of stock cattle could not be sold at
any prices.
Receipts during the week aggregated
over 63,000, the heaviest ever known at
this season of the year. As compared
with the previous week there was an In
crease of 30,000, and 23,000 more than the
corresponding week a year ago.
Some of the dressed beef buyers said as
early as Thursday that their coolers were
full and that they could not buy more
until there was an outlet for the dressed
beef which had accumulated in their
hands. ¦ " ,'
The week's movement of hogs to the lo
cal markets was the heaviest ever known.
The total receipts were above^ 122,000.
Trying. Week for Livestock.
There is no relief in sight and the situ
ation becomes worse each hour. Prayer
for rain will be heard | in . scores of
churches in Missouri and Kansas to-mor
row. • , ¦
The atmosphere la heated to such a great
altitude that It makes precipitation almoet Im
possible. Clouds may rather and a few drops
of rain may fall, but the lower stratum of air
Is so hot that the raindrops would be trans
formed to vapor in passing through It.
.KANSAS CITT, July 13.— Despite local
thunderstorms, accompanied by slight
rainfalls in Western Missouri last night,
the drought that is burning up vegetation
in Missouri, .Kansas, Oklahoma and In
dian Territory is still unbroken. The Kan
sas City weather bureau observer says:
Much sickness is resulting from the
scarcity of good water. .. Boiling the
water will not remove the disease germs
with which it is infected, so low i3 the
supply.
Reports from the country districts tell
that all the streams are getting runs.
Mills and electric light plants that were
run by water power have been forced to
close. Most of the ponds have been dry
for two weeks and the. question of where
Much. Sickness Results.
The fir© departments in Topeka, Atchi
son, Emporla. Lawrence and other of the
larger cities have addressed appeals to
the people asking them to shut off all
their hydrants whenever the fire whistle
is blown, so as to give the proper amount
of pressure on the water mains leading to
the flres. There is not a city ln the otate
which is to-night able to cope with a fire.
Buildings have reached such an intense
degree of dryness that a fire will start on
the slightest' provocation and once start
ed Id some part of the cities, enormous
losses would be sure to ensue.
People do not now expend so much time
ln worrying about the loss of the crops
and the hard times which must of neces
sity come— they are devoting all their
energies to the exigencies of the. present.
With water works systems givlrtg out. Ice
famines threatened, and .farm products of
all kinds obtaining large prices, the sit
uation is' becoming a serious one for Kan
sas. \ ¦ i- » -
A Topeka special says: The suffering
in Kansas from the prolonged drought 13
now more intense than ever. The skies
are leaden and the sun's heat is intense.
No immediate relief is expected. It is the
opinion of some who experienced the
drought of 1860 that the present dry period
promises to be even more severe. It is
hardly expected that there will be any
lasting relief before fall.
Great Suffering in Kansas.
Unless rain comes the supply may be still
greater next week. -
The livestock situation Is very Jsad.
Dairymen have been obliged to double the
price of milk, so high have the prices of
feed become.
Reports from twenty-four Kansas coun
ties to-night, mostly in the eastern and
central parts of the State, indicate that
the corn crop is not so bad off as ha 3
hitherto been published. The late product
has not yet begun to tassel and It is th©
general verdict that it i3 standing the
heat remarkably well. In some places the
corn is worse off than in others, but tak
ing It on an average of aJl the conditions
reported, it can be safely said that If
favorable weather conditions' would coma
at once half a crop of corn would be ob
tained. But the conditions now are any
thing but propitious for better weather.
to obtain -water for stock Is one of the
most important propositions that ha3 con
fronted the Kansas farmer for years.
As a result stock is being placed on sale
at ridiculously low prices. Some have
said they would even give their stock
away if some relief did not come soon, as
to purchase feed for the animals would be
investing more money than they are
worth.
No Relief From the Drought, and Vegetation Is Being
Burned Up in the Southwest.
PEOPLE WILL PRAY FOR RAIN
IN SCORES OF CHURCHES TO-DAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO ; CALL^ SUNDAY- JULY 14. 1901.
16
I am a native of France. I came to this
country thirteen years ago. By occupation I
am 8. Journeyman tailor and "work at 116 Mont-
gomery street, this city. I have been a great
sufferer from catarrh of the head, throat and
stomach. I have consulted many doctors and
so-called specialists for my trouble, but their
treatment did me no. good. In fact, I became
greatly reduced and feared I never would be-
come well again., My nose would stop up so at
night it Interfered much with my sleep, and I
became very nervous. I lost my appetite and
strength. This -was _iny condition when I
came to Drs. Shores & Shores JUST . ONE
MONTH AGO. I can truthfully say Drs.
Shores' treatment and medicines helped me
from the start. My appetite Is good; my ner-
vousness ia gone, and I sleep good now. The
catarrh in my head is much improved, and I
feel better in every way. I feel that ln a
short time Drs. Shores', treatment will entirely
cure me, and I heartily recommend Drs. Shores
to all in need of medical aid, for they have
Catarrh, Head and Throat
Mr. Devltt says:
FRANK DEVOT.
112*4 Grant avenue, San Francisco. Cal.
MT DEAFNESS IS MUCH BETTER AND MT
STOMACH DOES NOT DISTRESS ME.
• "DRS. SHORES HAVE DONE "WONDERS
FOR ME. AND I HEARTTLT RECOMMEND
THEM TO ALL."
(Signed) MRS. JANE CONDRON.
IN THE FRONT AND BACK Off THB
HEAD, aJid I SUFFERED bo much I thought
I would lese my mind. The catarrh also mad*
my NOSE RUN ALL THE TIME* and I HAD
DROPPING in the throat. It also affected
MT HEARING, making: me Quite DEAF, and
also my STOMACH. I would BELCH TJP "WIND
AND BLOAT. My stomach has been bad FOR
TEARS, and it^made me NERVOUS so that X
could not sleep. I was very weak and ran
down. This was my condition when I cam»
to Drs. Shores ONE MONTH AGO. I CAN
SAT DRS. SHORES HELPED ME . FROM
THE START. AFTER THE SECOND DAT
I BEGAN TO IMPROVE, and the improve-
ment has been steady ever since. NO MORE
HEADACHES: NO MORE RUNNING FROM
THE NOSE. MT HEAD IS CLEAR NOW.
since '69 and am an old resident. TTar the paat
three months I have been Tlsltins with my
daughter at 1314 Green street, tils city. I
HAVE BEEN A GREAT STJFFEREK FKOSC
CATARRH IN THE HEAX> FOR THE PAST
SIX TEARS. It made me have great PAIN
MRS. CONDRON SATS: "My home Is at
Summervillei California. I have lived tier*
MRS. JANE CONDKO2T. '
KEEP YOUR BLOOD GLEAN
Hcasant. Palatable. Potent. Ta«te Good. Do Good,
Kercr Sicken. Weaken, or Gripe. 10.25. and 60 centi
per box. Write for fre« sample, and booklet on
lieslth. Address • v ... . , . «¦»
tTEELTCa UESEDY COJ^iST, CHICAGO or SEW TOEK.
EAT 'EM LUCE CANDY
If yon haven't a regular, healthy morement of tha
faowcia «v«ry Acy, you're 111 or will be. Keep your
borrcls open, aud'bc well. Force, in the Ehapeof vio-
lent phvtie «r pill poison, is daiiccrous. The smooth-
est, easiest, most perfect »»y ©t keeping the bowels
clcr.r sad clean is to take
¦ When catarrh of the head or throat Is neg-
lected or wrongfully,. treated. It extends down
the windpipe into the bronchial tubes, and
after a while attacks the lungs. Quickly
cured with little ¦ cost by , Drs. Shores' famous
treatment.' ; - . . • • '
i • 'Have you a cough ?"
. "Do you take cold easily?"
V'Have you pain , in the side?". ¦••¦
- "Do you raise frothy materials?"-
"Do, you 'spit up. little cheesy lumps?"
"Do you feel you are growing weaker?"
H Don't .risk neglecting, these warnings— stop
the disease before it reaches the lungs. .
The Bronchial Tubes.
'This form of catarrh is most common— re-
sulting from neglected colds— quickly cured
with little cost by Drs. Shores' famous treat-
ment. . .-¦-:¦'-.¦ . • ¦ ¦ •' ¦ *
"Is your nose stopped up?"
•""Does your • nose, discharge?"
"Is your nose sore and tender?"
¦ "Is ¦ there, pain in front of head?" - -
"Do you; hawk to clear your throat?*' - ;
"Is your throat dry in .the morning?".'
"Do you sleep with your mouth open?"
You can be easily cured now— don't let it run
into complications. j_
The Head and Throat.
Read the following symptoms over carefully,
mark those you feel ln your case, and send or
bring them to Drs. Shores and ¦ they will tell
you whether you can be cured FREE OF
CHARGE. •
Aches and Pains Are the Banger
. Signals That You Are Sick and ¦
Weed Treatment.
DANGER SIGNALS.
V Liver Disease.
- The " liver is affected by Catarrhal poisons,
extending from the stomach into the ducts of
the liver. Quickly cured with little cost by
Drs. Shores' famous treatment. .
"Do you get dizzy?"
"Do you feel miserable?"
"Do you get tired easy?"
'"Do you have hot flashes T* ¦ *
"Are your spirits low at- times?"
Kidney Disease
Results in two ways, by taking cold and by
overworking the kidneys in separating from
the • blood the catarrhal poisons which affect
all organs. Quickly cured with little cost by
Drs. Shores' famous treatment. ¦
"Do your hands and feet swell?"
"Is. it noticed more at night?"
"Is there pain in the small of the back?"
' "Has the perspiration a bad odor?"
' "Is there pufflness under the eyes?"
. "Do you have to get up often at night?"
"Is there a deposit ln urine If left stand-
ine?"
Don't neglect these signs and risk Bright'a
Disease killing you. Cure it now. \
Catarrh extends from the ~ throat along the
euatachlan tubes into the ears, causing partial
or complete deafness. Quickly cured . with ¦ lit-
tle cost by Drs.- Shores* famous - treatment.
"Is your hearing failinB?"
"Do your ears discharcer*
• "Is the wax drying in. your ears?"
"Do you hear better some days than others?"
"Is your hearing . worse when you have a
cold?"
• Don't neglect this until' your hearing is ir-
reparably destroyed.- Drs. Shores can cure you.
of the Ears.
Of the Stomach.
Catarrh of the Stomach is usually caused by
swallowing mucus which drops down from tha
head and throat at nlcht. Quickly cured at
little cost by Drs. Shores' famous treatment.
* - Is there nausea?" /
"Do you belch np gas?*'
"Are yon constipated?"
"Is your tonsue coated?" - ,
"Do you bloat up after eating?**
"Is there constant bad taste in the moutat**
Now is the time to be permanently cured.
SPECIALTIES. . . .<
CATARRH — Deafness, Nose and! Throat
Troubles, Eye and Ear Diseases. Bronchial
and Luhet Troubles. Asthma. Stomach, Liver
and Kidney Diseases. Bladder Troubles. Fe-
male Complaints. Diseases of Women and
Children. Heart Disease. Nervous Diseases,
Chorea (or St. Vitus' Dance). Rickets. Spinal
Trouble. Consumotion In the first stages.
Ovarian Diseases. Sciatica and Rheumatism.
Diseases of the Bowels. Piles. Fistula and
Itactal Troubles. Lost Manhood. Private Dis-
eases. Goitre (or bis neck). Blood Disea»?3.
Tapeworm. Hay Fever. Hysteria. • Epilepsy.
Insomnia, afl skin diseases.
WE TREAT CATARRH AND ALL FORMS
OF NERVOUS AND CHRONIC DISEASES.
If you apply any da"y this week you can con-
sult Dr. Shores free.
ONE PRICK FOR ALL.
CONSULTATION FREE TO ALL
In treating with Drs. Shores you know 'Just
what you have to pay. Drs. Shores do not
charge J5 for Catarrh and $20 for Kidney Dis-
ease or any other trouble. They will treat
you for all your ailments, no matter . how
many, for J5 per month, all medicines In-
cluded. Now understand. $5 per month ia ail
you have to pay for expert treatment.
HOME TREATMENT * t ° &¦ d ffi!S2
of Drs. Snores" treatment because of living at
a distance from the office. The same wonder-
ful and uniform success attending the treat-
ment of Drs. Shores ln their office is found In
their HOME TREATMENT OF PATIENTS
BT MAIL. By the use of a symptom blank
they are able to diacnese casas and prescribe
for . them, and by their reporta keep a close
watch upon ,them. Patients living in th»
country may enjoy the benefits of Drs. "Shores
skill as weir as those, in the city. • WRITB
FOR SYMPTOM BLANK and have your case
diarnosed. It will . cost you nothing. Th«
charjea for home treatment are JS a month,
all medicines free, including all .. instrument*
and appliances.
DRS. SHORES & SHORES.
SEBGIAIjISTS,
teS^MSTORY BUILDING, 723 MARKET ST. !|i2Ki.%3..
Office. Hours— Week days.- 9 a.m. ; to 4 p.m/ Evenings, 6 to 8 p.m.; Sundays," 10 a.in. toj!2 noon.
MBK MJMNER SAYS: "I am an old ra*].
drrt :>f Kan Francisco and live at 333 O'TTHr-
rell street. . I have been a great sufferer from
CHRONIC CATARRH OF THE STOMACH for
the oast fourteen years. MY STOMACH
WOULD BLOAT up and .PAIN me. and I
would VOMIT a great deal. My stomach got
so bad the DOCTORS SAID I HAD CANCER
OF THE STOMACH: others would tell me I
had ULCERS in the stomach. No one knows
how I have suffered. I got so bad I could not
keep anything on my stomach, not even water.
When I would eat or drink I would VOMIT it
up.' I became very, weak and run down and
thought I would never be well again, as 'I *.«.i
tried so many doctors for my trouble and none
of them did me any. good. I read DRS.
SHORES & SHORES' testimonials of their
wonderful CURES in the papers and I con-
cluded to try their treatment as a last resort,
and I am glad that I did. I have been under
Drs. Shores & Shores' treatment JUST ONE
MONTH and the change in my condition ia
WONDERFUL. Drs. Shores' medicine helpe.l
me in THREE dai p s.' I began to get better
right from the start and in two weeks I QUIT
VOMITING ur> my food and the AWFUL
PAIN in the stomach left me. I CAN EAT
GOOD now and my food does not distress me 1 .
I HAVE GAINED FOUR POUNDS IN
WEIGHT IN FOUR WEEKS and I feel that
Drs. Scores- have done "WONDERS FOR ME.
I feel better and stronger in every way and I
take great pleasure in adding my testimonial
to the WONDERFUL BENEFITS received
from Drs. Shores' treatment.. I live at 333
O'Farrell street, San Francisco, and any one
doubting this statement is at perfect ltbertv
to call on me and I will gladly verify the truth-
fulness of the same.
"(Signed) . MRS. J. R. SUMNER.
v "333 O'Farrell street. San- Francisco, Cal."
READ THE TESTIMONY OF MRS. SUM-
NEK. WHO HAS BEEN A GREAT SUFFER-
ER FRCM CHRONIC CATAHUH OF THE
STOMACH AND LIVER FOR THE PAST 14
YEARS. .
Stomach Disease.
MRS. J. R. SUMNER.
S33 O'Farrell stieet, San Francisco, Cal.
JUST ONE MORE WEEK TO ALL WHO APPLY.
THE $5.00 RATE EXTENDED!
™ « <!>,„«« jt- starM- «T>*eial announcembnt last Sunday to treat sufferers from Catarrh and all forma of Nervous and Chronic Com-
„ D«. Shores & Shores "Peel*} * n S2r^5fS "or the low fee of $5 a month, all Treatment and Medicines Furnished Free, to prove to tha
plicated Diseases that aPP»ed £" r 4?«"£ ; w^ 1 i : i o T Yg SUPERIOR T O ALL OTHERS." filled Drs. Shores' parlors, to overflowing all tH»
public that '-THE DRS. SH .°^. E S TREATMENT is °""rf"^ res forthe offer to be withdrawn-the crowds were so large, U I>rs. Shores
v*Z\ ISS^Tm tfad \ZV?™^"OTinoth^'taSSTedtoemlltltude. IN 'OKDER TO ACCOMMODATE ALL. Da Shore,
had. been twenty -lectors of two. tn ey iou Now lf you want to obtain Dra. Shores' regular $10 a month treatment for
have generously decided to extend the ofierONt ' MUKtvv£ t£ . «o . * LOST IN THE RUSH, as was the case with many last week.
.g5t d .°tartSS e AT-O^CE° t T^^«« U h*d. 1 SS^ l tS ALL WHO* ApIlT BEFORE JULY 21ST ONLY. This will be the LAST EXTENSION of
the offer. CONSULTATION FREE TO ALL.
$5— WHAT DR. SHORES' $5 RATE MEANS«=$5
EN AILMENTb. if you apply to Drs. Shores ff^ TriVF'? AND TREATMENT FURNISHED ABSOLUTELY FREE. Under this spe-
OTHER CHAROEor expense in any toTjo. Why EXPERIMENT? Why pay BIG FEES to incom-
cial offer YOU GET DRS. SHORES K^'" ''J *«, E " h week Dr3 . Shores stve VOLUNTARY TESTIMONIALS from people whom you
petent doctors when Drs Shores will cure , you^ for expert PHYSICIANS AND SPECIALISTS. They tell you how
Th^hav^p^t^
SHORE J TREATMENT CURES^ when^others had faHed. and^ for y*J5gf |c «e»D«?Sh5r3 SS££t BBm^TOAllSpS!
r a^ieVtS 1 a A d LL f ° r A^°t^ fS^VJ^^S^^rrJ^ - u » a b p e pl C y^o^ 3 tSdIy- 1
cial offer has been WITHDRAWN and the Pric S2rt% £$XL%&°tS?t& low te«
i of N J5 a monThf 1 A W frea1mtSt antmSl^tur^ltree. CONSULTATION FREE FOP. m DISEASE.
(Si-ncd) FRANK DEVITT,
112V4 Grant avenue. San Francisco, Cal.
ADVERTISEMENTS. • ."¦'-'-'-., y '¦' '-- : ---
,Sjj The Biggest Linen Crash ) |HS « J* I H n in B O (P* S/S% Otk 1 °SpeciaI/ Z"*"* -^
?^~ **^ I dl U» \ wf"- ' ¦ W ' ''¦ ' # ••¦'We -offer to-morrow 1505 yards =21
a i3neS f &nt A A Thousands of thrifty shoppem'have been benefited by the MAjBVElOTS OF- f^ . h ln fl ln |, Yhf&o f\ _
•£: Crash lor Suits 'H 'R /TJ ) FEKIN"GS of our Julv Gcarancc Sale. Dependable merchandise, allied to,cconom- quality, in all col- 'R B J0jHJ
5=: mSiS?^ 8 " 1 £L/ ) ical prices, has Riven u s unprecedented patronage. Ourdesire to make an immediate ors and Black, r/L/'^S
ZZ $S5- JLAW7 Sarance of ALL ODES AND ENDS, broken lines and spring and summer stock, ;5°^ y o i a _ W^
Jtr x None sold to dealers. / leads us to offer you bargains absolutely iinequaled before. Plans- have been made _2 1__ -. - : - '-?
fc: -^-w^~w-~~-^~ ' f or the coming week for a week of great selling. . The values, indeed, are extraordi- ' ; IS
'5= nary, which ought to pack our store to-morrow such as it has never been before. . =S5
i A Tremendous Foulard Silk Sale.|The Greatest Sale of j
|l This Season's Best $l.O0 Foulards | BlaCR QOOdS RemnantS
£ Commencing to-morrow we will place on sale *5ooyard s p< f^ r\ * ¦ • ggg£ q g j y - haye hdd -^ Qne {s b ' y At Atont
£S Cheney Bros.' this season's best $i Foulards at the extra- J^H 1|^. ¦ UiaH^ "!^' ac^ t 0 ? n a 5,^ ain stre ngth, as the items and prices -g
{g Yafd ••.-• •••(Xosampl.V^nofti^bovO**"*:': '"" .all Wked at ABOUT ONE-KALE the former selling price. :
8=1 & i ir two items of Black silks to be offered to- jvinre S2 oo and $1.5o Silk Grenadines 3
•S J)i*Zb morrow that have never been equaled before in " lul V T O e r^nt« Vard '
--^ 4/ r ?-*-#->• quality and price; not ordinary bargains that can .. , y^ L/CllLS I dill.
: jp Ot^,-»T»- QifT»-« be secured every day, but startling values that rT\ We continue that great sale" of All Silk =3
S= Dld.CK OI1KS none can duplicate. ¦ \7 anH'nl Black Grenadines started last Monday. Hun- 35
'^Z BLACK PEAU DB SOIE, 21 inches wide, \ip£* «*I1V* 4J > ?s^V<r dreds of yards were sold, and we e^ect to =5
'.ZZ A f pure silk, extra heavy quality, magnificent, rich -^ ¦'-» 4* double our sales the coming week, because rS
fi= Ixl O/C X O* and lustrous black finish; imported O^-^ I Tt*^nAu.tH^S there is a larger variety to choose from.
'fc ¦ • ' • to sell at $1.25. Monday fSYll . Vi^ 11^^"^" They are fully 44 inches wide, in exquisite
ZZ - . Yard WV Kj_QLZ \T Jf striped effects, of a brilliant JT\ f =S
~~ GTJAKAirrZZD BLACK TAFFETA, 23 inches wide; unquestionably /\t /3C 1 3»lO* bIack : every yar , d / old S 1«J"^Jk/^ z£
ZZ one of the finest grades for dress purposes, of the highest luster;. QA^ * **¦ - high -as $i.7S and $2. To ,?7cJLl 2
Jtr everj' yard guaranteed; money refunded if it provesunsatisfactpry. Q?7|j close....: Yara
.'ZZ The regular $1.25 Taffeta.. Monday..-. Yard v v ,, W-=.^— «-^ nln .,..,.,„.
E: Pmmpncp Offering in Cambric /^^^ BIG GLOVE SALE 3
. i£z y^^*\ rfff^f/T?< — ""I i'r~^~ '» Til to* 1 ! ' BIIliii.^iiow viivi ¦* fc» ../ [/$\ . ff FOR MflH^AY *^
O tt¥ ifrrinnlnr to-morrow we will placemen sale the great^t line of "' //lA^ " / WOrt'i '$1.75 fCF
iiu^nn^l «iiiP»^^ : « ill liiiili
• S= Wl/^V^^^^^^^^^/^^^^W J^ Lot l-Cambrlc Skirt?, tucked and lace trimmed, with "7^Q f^ \3 highest - grade Ladies'
¦ gr \ /MZy^rjf/, ,'>%X, #^^^y^VVV^W M&l deep under flounce; good value 5125. Special Lach % W | Gloves, 60 dozen in all. 135
• *ZZ Insertion; pood value $2 25. Pppcial V JT^ ok ' v\ K sewn, the latest Ptltch-
2T E^^^e p^^SrS^S^TL^^^-^^M? Lot 4-Cambrlc Skirt?, fx.juJsitely trimmed with lace land CO-3o \J ed backs, with 2-clasn _*»
• S^ U^k^^^^^i^P^lwJ^W Insertion double ruffle; gcod value ?3 50. ' Special Each«P^< fasteners, in Red. Tan. Brown, . Gray, Black =^
l£&£^ £S£->3©2 £!&&£#£$&&&' Thp fi ner &rad es up to *3 will be Bold at the same proportionately and White, evei-y^ pair guaranty 1 .''' -g
J£l . t '' low prices. , or on ay o y _^
I Sweeping Reductions in Dress Skirts, Suits, Silk and Wash Waisk I
I i .u o a/Is^^^-.^.'S^/^*^^ 2fix&!£is#tt3& a-Afaaasr >"^ - p g g - 1
$8,50 $39 and $35 % @ A Phenomenal |
t Silk Waists XaiWade : 'J% Silk Dress Skirt j
DC nfl ' • Purchase, on Sale ZHm
ODlUU CuiJQ eiA-AC \WA\ To-morrow at 3.
We announce for to- k3lillS «P1U»7«/ V KjU? TftJ " <MA FA « &1G fA
SSSS»&3g '4 unprecedented o.reHn.-T.at M. . . , V , . JIO , 50 ' 3W 3
and Judging from the g rea t twice a year Clearance Sale. ,!H ¦ • > v . ¦ Y v w -«
demand thece has been . ¦ rarment In the entire - • \ We bought the entire sample lines of one' of rS
for these waists of late * nen e%ery Barmeni in uie sum i i» the blKgest concerns ln the Un i te d States. We =5
• Jn New Tork"s blg-g«»t section is marked at naif and less - ii ia . , got them at a ridiculously low price, and pass — «¦'
- stores these waists will than half price— not a suit Is re- II ilA I 'them on. to you at the same astonishing con- 2
sell in a hurry. 200 Just ,, , . . I! MlY ™»*/k -cessions. Although high-class samples, you will J2>
arrlved-the very latest served. I l\PA//fi5(/ find in the lot many of the simplest- garments,
fad. made of soft Taf- Ladies" high-class suits In -\ene- v •>' I lUVV all to be sold at about one-half. Skirts made "2
feta in hemstitching tians and Cheviots, ln brown, blue. A I HlR\ , - ' ¦ . of the. finest Black Taffeta, entire. Z3
' and tucking, with fancy • "tan and Hack: all strictly tailor" / ;UJ \\ i.MltqjV ' .top is tucked, beautifully trim- """•
stock collar and Bishop made, a variety of individual /ywjrft? t Vlf ,l frftVi med. new .flaring shape, with- -^
elwve, in colors of styles, some beautifully trimmed, /^SSfrvtSY^'iT^^t^. ' f foundation' drop underskirt; . the — n
pink, light blue, car- blousf and half-tight Eton effects, , /y <_;•,¦:,;. *,,¦ hang, and fit are- perfect In every -^
dinal. navy, new green. giclrt cut with deep flounce. «ilk- /W^^wLJ^ ;^3>s. ''' respect— Skirts worth $20- and, $30
• ' Mack and white: sizes lined Jacket, a marvel of beauty /" r S^S^^>«*vT^_,^ , . .each; on sale to-morrow at A, - _•
, 32 to 44. A regrular $8 50 an d stylej regular value ?30^ana ic ?^£^ p '' v Si^p^V ' mtn Cn i^.,!' fffO C<1 ChaIi '' ~*^ '
'waist for^.^^g^H* *35. To be closed | Q^H S **OSi^*wmB£S£!e^: SlU.OU 311(1 $l0l 0U tSClli
it GREAT- VALUES IN BLANKETS AND CflMFOnTERs" BIG LACE : rWHASE. ; • |
j-- customers the benefit of the great saving. b ' o?erlice Sale we ever held and because of our desire to clean them up quickly they are -^
\~ $6.00 Blankets §3.95 Pair. . , AMAZING WASH GOODS BARGAINS. . marked regardless of original value :. ,„,„:,,.,,„„....-.„ DCHIincn 3
11-4- All Wool White. Blankets, extra . . • . | ftf 1 Point de Paris All Over WASH WASTS GREATLY REDUCED. IIS
«SZ heavy and fluffy; pretty silk bound; reg- The clearing of all summer goods in this L*VJ * 1 Lace, neat patterns for ifntfii "«!»»• «u n- vnnA^,'
«*-- ular rrlce $6.C0. Hale price eq.»3 department is absolutely imperative. Values waists and yokes; worth 40c yard. QQ^> w e place on sale to-morrow 200 dozen -•
r~ PalrOO or former prices cut no figure In the mark- Sale price Yard -*OV w a uts for Jess than the cost of material.
2^ $7.50 Blankets §4.05 Pair. S»,* Wn and clearlDK Of a11 thls 8eaS0n ' 8 f OT Q Normandy Valenciennes AH - SSw.^t'tVrn*?taM of'iSe'S £2" «#£ Z2
«*•- verr fine grade 1T-4 All Wool -White ">'». Ji^XJ M j£,m Over Lace, dainty designs. date, of the best materials and made in tha r^
55= Blankets, extra hea\-y. with beautiful 1Oe Tvradra'a Gine-hams Mondav - - fine 9Hal«y: worth 60c yard. Sale Q^r latest fashion.
-ZZ borers; worth $7.50. Sale price J° C Madra " GingliamS, Monday, ; • price Tard Olt* for ?1 0Q &nd ?1>2 5 Waists.
iT" '''"'i'"' ¦""¦"" J»TU« a y a * I C\ r V O Fine Cluster and solid' Made of the best Percale in pretty stripes.
5— S2.25 Comforters S1.69 eacn. IOO pieces good quality Madras Ginghams. L*\J 1 «>• tucked Lawn Yokings; ln CO rrect colorings, latest, sleeves, collar '—~
i^i |^^^^k^#^9c 3
Zl SS^SSSSS^fS SI- W£^^?^M£^ 6C I AT4 Mm «e Pan a i^ce ah S9c for S1.5O Waists. 3
¦ •*- M«»r j mot lT •¦: -HlI-4. O v e r s . Arabian shades. white Lawn and Colored Waists, daintily .*¦
$ L- 7 iL2r^Sr a £.'iSL2S- Bed- 60= and Site Foulards and Satin- T S a a r I 65C : &%&P^£%r^ ZZ
Fpreads. In ¦ pretty patterns, warranted to Strip€d DlDlltieS, ' . ; , - To close Each A-'*'»v -^
£ & &0OdWear:W ° rtML75 -SSl^I OQ C Yd highest noveHie, of the LOT 5. gg? d? ParifX^fr ?3.85 for "Ladies! ?6.00 and ?7.00 " —
P — tSZ^'-SS^S^ 1^^^.' |.»-. e|« f ant designs; worthy 59c White Wais t S . .
•-- rvrnl ....,,,' ... onrr-TP inn lards, in exquisite designs and colors of old oa P r "- B ¦ ¦...-....;... The daintiest and finest Waists weshowed r^!
S== EXTRA SPECIAL IN SHEETS AND rose. red. tan. green, light blue. gray. .. rrtTUCD DfllC Ull C DDIPC this season. Made of sheer White Lawn.
g- niPLO navy and black and white; were QQ r BLACK FEATHER BOAS HALF PR Gt, with fine tucks, lace and embroidery, the —5
ZZ C\ShS. fOc a nd 50c yard. Monday..... Yard 4Ot DLhUIV 1 uhiiiuii uwn« »«'-',' ]atest Blpeve> turn . over cu(t an <i collar;
;•— fi „ , , __ . . w f\ r T r t % to 1U yards lbng. Ostrich • sold at $6.00 and $7.00. To close.. flJQ' 1 * 5 =3
•-;; 300 Kheets. S4x90. jrood -wearinK QO C fln « Pr«^ rholH« ' LU I I • Feathe? Boas, odd lots; ' Bach <!> O
reg. value 45c. for..Each Ol7^ 6OC French CnallieS, . were *4 00 to $6.00. To close ffO.SU _ =S
«£T bo dozen Pillow Ca*es, 45x36; reg- Q» QOr» Vrl Plain All Wool Challies and '..... Each«P'*< PUI1 ItQCU'C I tWli UAT? ANI1 PAPC 7S
„_ oler value I2>4c Each *7^ OcIC i «? novelty effects in dots. , , CHILDflEH S LAWN HAlO ANU UArO
«r: . • - J . . \ stripes, figures and scrolls, ln all the lead- I f^V Q 1 yard to 1»4 yards long. . ,_ - Q ...,. ~2
P"~ Jng colors; also black; the finest Challies • i^XJ i X • Ostrich Feather Boas, odd ft| JHC tAbfii . ZS
s= FOR MONDAY. . wh^at^SoldaV 66 " e y a Ti 39c . I^ 6 .L w .!:?.^.!?,f 8 :^.. s . aU Elcif $3^ w ere «i .50 and « 3 .oo.
g*- CMC PC D! IP!/ UCIUCT GIRtJflNC ' • 'Odds and Ends of Children's White iZS
ZZ SALC IT DLAUR VtLYtl nlDDUNOi , " '¦? ¦ ' Lawn. Batiste and Silk Summer Hats and •
Z=, Biark Wlvet Ribbons were never In . ' V^S^S^ J$L*e6 Ljffk m ra ? 8 -' elaboratplv /^ Im T«^ llh TC m «°i ! l ery == »
Mfpt then they are at the prefent J&Gi^^S} ¦ ' A Af^LriSk- close '^ werC ' a Each o"C rS
»— No. 3— The best quality Fatln tC\C° l^*^''-^**5SmH~— <&£&* . _^id^r black dye. Special at OP^r* ~~~^L
y* back; regrular price 124c, for. Yard ivv m .^ ... Pair ¦**&>* *~g
<£Z &-Thp V^Ft quality Fatin |Q/> , w '*Sa*Y^i?ii*UJIJU,yHi 11 J U*^ ll V B^3i^k 4Dr ia. p o i r 50 dozen superior Quality ~°J
ZZ1 back; regular price 18c. for... Tard »OW : lrffC x«H" children's Fine > Rlbbpd rS
*?¦— y n 7_The beft quality patin 1 Q r - "^^™*^g^fcf^^»» J^ BSh^jSSJm^^^^ ' .''. Cotton Hope, very elastic, double knee and • —^
back- regular price Z""--r for Yard lOw ... ¦ 1 '™ foIcs, absolutely fast black, sizes 5 to 9yi;
S IL Sti^ZT SfLt ' tht '* meV ' rOPOki0n '- : COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION.
ill 1 1 frP^w^*'*'^^^^ f RA^i xv DE v ITT! I,The repartee: you think of : when It 13
everlastingly too late -to work off may
save you a friend. .._ ' ....
Low Southern Pacific Rates From All
Over the West to San Francisco.
Tickets, on sale at all Southern Pacific
stations to San Francisco and return at
low rates July 15 to 18. arriving San Fran
cisco not later than 18th. Additional datea
of sale in California only. 19th and 20th.
reaching San Francisco by -20th. .Limit
31st. v ¦ ¦ . -•.;-;¦--¦..
Margaret Olcese Borlini : was granted . a
divorce from Alfred A. Borlipi by Judge
Dunne yesterday on the ground of failure
to provide. . Attorney S.V. Cosvello filed
an answer yesterday on behalf of Borlini,
which v .was not verified, however, Borlini
still being counted among the: misslne.
and the case .went' to trial. Mrs. Borlini.
whose testimony .was corroborated, testi
fied that for longer than the required sta
tutory period Borlini had not contributed
toward her maintenance and support.' The
decree was then : granted and the plaintiff
was permitted : to '¦ resume her . maiden
Judge Dunne Finds That Absconding
Husband Did Not Provide Her
With Necessaries.
MARGARET O. BORLINI
SECURES DIVORCE DECREE
name, Margaret Olcese.
Suits for divorce have been filed by
Clara A. : Wllde against Richard A. Wilde
for failure to provide, Lizzie A. Ker.dal
against Alfred T. Kendal for desertion,
and Annie R. Green against Thomas E.
Green for/desertion-
"The MissoiriPacific; Limited/'
; -.The ; only route .having' through ' sleeping
car service between San Francisco and St.
Louis ":¦ daily.' Stop-overs 'allowed at Salt
Lake - City. .*? For ull ' information r - ask . L.'
M. Fletcher, 126 California street.' •
For 50c a Pair of Shoes.
The bankrupt'shoe sale, 1506 Market St.,
will sell to-morrow ladies'- shoes ; and . ties,"
none worth less than $2, for only 50c a
pair. This is byfar the .best selection of
shoes ; ever : offered at the bankrupt shoe
sale of the - California,r 1506, Market > St.,
above City: Hall ave.-r -.-..-, ;•:- ;->-,- :-.*•; .
I It Is .probable that the first. battalion of
artillery will' on the day before Admission
Day go to Petaluma and on 'the following
day take part In. the parade there.
Troop A; N. G. C, will give its annual
ball in its armory on Market street on the
night of. the 31st inst. .
National Guard Notes.
¦Captain's Seymour, acting Chief; of Po
lice,.: has " issued" an 4 order-instructing de
tectives and policemen to arrest all known
bunko * men 'and pickpockets - in - order to
protect the strangers coming to ; the : city
to • attend : the ; Epworth League i Conven
tion, and the Bund ! Shooting 'Festival. - ,. r _
. . The . flrst - one „' to -¦ be / brought \ in v-yester-*
day. was , Robert : Jackson.' i- known :. as * the'
."Sheeney:Kid;"' He was locked up in the
."tanks" and will be kept" there till? the de
parture , of .the .visitors. :> He : Is ' one ; of i the
bc3t ? known ; bunko ' men In ¦ the city. >' De
tective r Hamill- arrested "him; rand when
Police Will Protect the" Large Nuin
'¦y -vber of Strangers, in the -
.' S^-: 1 .¦:;-.-city/r/.;.;-V./ :; : ;' . .
BUNKO MEN AND CROOKS *
TO BE KEPT IN JAIL
searched at the City Prison he had In .'his
pockets I "fake" checks and drafts aggre
gating $6200 with which to delude the un
wary. ;¦ •;- -.¦ .
which he prays judgment as. stated.
Frances A. Walton filed suit yesterday
against the Market-street Railway Com
pany for $5000 damages for personal • In
juries, sustained, >she alleges.. through the
carelessness of the defendant corpora
tion's employes on December 29, 1900. The
plaintiff ; avers , that while alighting from
a car at Market and Third streets on -the
date mentioned the car. suddenly started;
throwing he&. violently to the ground. The
plaintiff is represented by.E. S.Pillsbury.
ILYNU" AVEBS HE WAS
EJECTED FROM A TRAIN
Sues Oregon Short Line for Big Dam
ages—Frances A. Walton /
Institutes Action.
John "W. Flynn, throuph his attorney,
D. M. Delmas, filed suit yesterday agrainst
the Oregon Short Line to recover $25,000
damages, alleged to have been suffered
by him through the acts o£ x the defend
ant's agents and employes In ejecting: him
t roiri a train running from Ogden, Utah,
to Huntlngton. Or. . \/
Flynn avers that on June 19 last, while
he was on the train running between. the
cities named he was publicly Insulted, had
his ticket taken from him, .was ejected
from the train and , was exposed i to ' con
tempt, obloquy, disgrace and shame, for
The case of Theodore Gamble, the actor,
charged with assault with a deadly weap
on for striking May illlles, a woman he
had been living with, on the face and i
head with a revolver In a room in, the 1
Leepalmer House, was dismissed by Judg-?
Fritz yesterday. The woman was In court
and positively refused to prosecute him.
Gamble Escapes Prosecution.
Henry H. Ljmch. who has been super- j
Intecdent of construction of the Market- I
street Rail-way for many years, has re
cently been promoted by H. E. Huntlng
toii. In the future Lynch will be super
intendent of all repairs aad construction
of the entire system. This includes the
Enperintendency of all power-houses, and
lie will have more than 800 men under
him. Engineer Falrchild. who recently
resigned to accept a position In the inte
rior of the State, will not be succeeded
In this city. Lynch will perform the du
ties formerly attended to by Falrchild.
In Future He Will Superintend All
Bepairs of Market-Street
System.
HZNEY LYNCH PEOMOTED
BY H- E. mTNTINGTON
The Supervisors, sitting as a Board of
Equalization, adopted "razooing" tactics,
as Braunhart put it. yesterday in the
case of tax-dodgers who Ignored the
Bubpenas to appear before the board and
Ebow cause why their arbitrary assess-'
znents should riot be raised. - In most in
6tanc.es the assessments •were doubled by
way of penalty and education in the
duties of citizensKlD.
Since the sessions of the Board of
Equalization, assessments have been re
duced $2,030,000. The Supervisors felt that
eorae part of that amount might *be added
again to the rolls with advantage at the
expense of Indifferent citizens who appar- •
ently regarded themselves as lucky to es
cape "with the assessments fixed by Dodge, i
J. B. Relnstein, attorney and regent of .
the University of California, was one of
the first to be penalized. Assessor Dodge
had placed an arbitrary assessment of i
$51WO on his personal property. He ignored
the board's subpena and his assessment
was doubled.
P. N. Lilienthal will pay taxes on an as
sessment of $30,000 for personal property
Instead of 510,000, as tixed by the Assessor. ,
Charles S. Wheeler's assessment was
raised from $10,000 to $15,000.
Assessments That Were Raised.
r Homer S. King, manager of the Wells-
Kargro Bank, was assessed $6000 arbitrar
ily. He stayed away and the figure was
raised to $10,000.
J. H. Follis and R. J. Kerr & Co.. will
each pay taxes on 35000, double the
amount of the assessment-
Joseph B. Crockett will have to raise
enough ready money to pay taxes on an
arbitrary personal property tax of $4000.-
Dodge had fixed the assessment at $2900.
James G. Magrulre. holding: consistently
to single tax, ignored the subpena. and
his assessment was raised from $1500 to
J2500. Maguire & Gallagher suffered an
increase from $1000 to $1390, but Walter
Gallagher had the satisfaction of getting
a reduction to $16,000 from an assessment
of $19,000 upon the clubrooms on Sacra
mento street of the Yeong Wa Associa
tion—cne of the Chinese Six Companies.
Other arbitrary personal property as-
Btfcsnients were raised as follows:
Sullivan & Sujlivan, from $5000 to $6000:
Louis Meyerstein, from $2000 to $3000; Mr?.
S. Seymour, from $1500 to $2500; John A.
"Wright, from $1500 to $3000; Crittenden
Thornton, from $1501 to $250); H. F. Lally.
from 51500 to $2590; M. Ostrosky. from 51500
to S2500; A. V. Morrison, from $1500 to
$2500: H. Duncan, from $1500 to $2500; W.
H. Daly. $1000 to $1500; William Bradford,
from $2500 to $3500.
Crocker Estate Overlooked.
An arbitrary personal property tax of
$217,750 on the Crocker estate was author
ized. Assessor Dodge had overlooked the
estate, and no statement had been filed.
The H. E. Huntlngton assessment of
$1,000,000 was allowed to stand. The cor
responding assessment last year ¦was but
$80(K>. The following assessments "also
wer«» left unchanged:
Rudolph Spreckels, $70,000; W. H.
Crocker. $60.0o0; W. G. Irwin. $27,000; R.
E. Queen. J1S.120; Robert Oxnard, $10,182;
J. M. McDonald, $10,000.
Charles Mattheas. the cigar dealer, who
had a wrangle with Assessor Dodge be
fore the board last year, appeared again,
asking- that his assessment be reduced
from $22,490 to $16,000. He had his book
keeper along, but Dodge objected to the
presentation of evidence that had persist
ently been denied the Assessor's depu
ties.
Mattheas was in choleric mood, and
raid he did not care whether his
assessment were raised or lowered,
but he was not going to be abused nor
to stand before the board and be accused
of dishonesty. Finally Deputy Assessor
Ginty ¦was instructed to examine the bal
ance sheets presented by Mattheas. He
did so and reported that the cigar man
•was entitled to a reduction to J2L.S34 in
stead of to $16,000. The reduction was
made.
The Armour Packing Company's fran
chise assessment of $10,000 was not can
celed, the company's application being
denied.
The board will meet at 10 o'clock to
morrow morning to complete its work.
Assessments of Indiffer
ent Citizens Are
Doubled.
Supervisors Impose Heavy
Penalties for Failure to
Appear.
GIVING LESSONS
IN CIVIC DUTY
THE SAN FRANCISCO j-CALL, SUNDA^,- .TtJLY 14, 1901.
17
ADVEHTISEJOIKTS.
A sew eeJentlftc means of enrteg ¦weakneasea
of men and disease" peculiar to the oex has
at last been discovered, and the prescription
ts being offered free to all who eead name and
address.
r>r. U. G. Llpes. 1C3 Eterenson building.
Indianapolis, Ind.. Is the discoverer of this
remarkable new system of treatment, and h«
eays there is now no difficulty In caring the
wort-t cases which may arts* from diseases of
?his nature.
The Doctor has made a lonar study of Sexual
Dlsorfler* and he claims to have found the
exact medicine which removes all traces of
debilitating disease from the human system,
restore* tlie fire an! buoyancy of youth, and
f.upplie« the strength of body and nerves that
all wish for but so few peases*. Irapotency,
nightly emissions, varicocele, nervousness and
kindred . troubles disappear in a marvelously
ebort epsce of time, while any weakened or
emaciated organs are restored In a very few
6ays to thrfr natural «Jze and vigor.
•When you etop to consider the possibilities
of lovlnr and being loved as only strong, well
and happy men can be it does seem that any
sexually weak man should no longer hesitate,
but write at once for the receipt which costs
absolutely nothing. There are no restrictions
whatever, as Dr. Ltpes is anxious that every
afflicted man who needs It should have tbe
benefit of one of his free prescriptions with-
out delay. The treatment can be used In the
privacy of your own home without tbe knowl-
edge of even your most intimate friend or as-
sociate.
Write to-day and learn that while tbe re-
ceipt coBle you nothing at all. It may change
your wjiol* existence from one of misery; to
«. ASBtisuous life of pleasure and happiness.
1h.e Prescription Is Seat Free to Any-
one Who Writes.
of Restoring Weakened Phys-
ical Powers, Curing Sexual
Weakness, Nerve Exhaustion
and Lost Vitality.
A New end Successful Method
FREE TO WEAK MEN.
. — : : : : ; ; — : ; — ; — : ~r- . ¦ , " , ~ : 7 — ~ : — : — : : : ¦ ; ¦ ' : = ; , .
THE EMPORIUM. | THE .EMPORIUM. j r \ THE EMPORIUM. =:'' | j ' '¦ ¦_ __ TE:E ' _ EMF0 _ BIUM ; _ '.'''_': "\ .*^ ' EM _ P0:SIPaL _______L _ TSE _ TrTvrP0BIUM '
S, . . . "" ; ¦ ¦: : y :i ¦-:-•¦¦•. v :; • . *."•¦ l \: } ;V-/,cV :°--V- rt '^^^ .... - . " ¦ . * ' ¦ ¦ .. , " -i S
ft. |. .. , . {. Souvenir Photographs— / «» <: '#iiiHkA^'iB yu i ;?Slvll^ GalSfornia Souvenirs* . '$
k s^^^W st The SS.QQ Kind &3.QQ* IMWi^.tw 3 I'Wi^il^i Bllmti Largest Assortment of Native Products. *J
*C %^S/^^\^m c avc a(^' a special Epworlh. League -Mount made for • ffij ' m By^W IPP Jm ffiS S fl^^mi! P^^f ora ' a Oi d Souvenrs 1Oc to 40g — such as Linked Hearts Photo X
*• 01 !¦^^ IhI'l our t s.oo cabinet sze photoprajh. - The design is timiar to illustra- - wjm w$&, !ffl& \P~ *.¦ ¦ , a .- MTmrfS Frame, Mission Bell P.n Cushion, California Bark Pin Cushion, Toothpick c^
2? §&\3Z&@?)fii' t! -° n - Y C Wil £C ' J , theS f bciut ' J u ' iyfin:sh=t fBffi OBI mm'TZZT^ ± : ' ! '- '¦ ... ¦ -^^J|VH|.- Holders, Burnt P,nc Wood Bowl, Napkin Rings, etc. Pen Wipers, *
k f>\3^X: r p '7"f perdc,™....,.- && a UM P^OoBdleBlWuleftaajaar. *k Match Cases, Horn Tcads, Souvenir Books, Pressed Wild Flowers, Cali- J
K * £2tu_>*\ /N Get a few dozen to exchange w;th the pleasant f.iendi* you have made: ,,-r... - • •" ' .. ,• .\T\-t~:. m 7z r5* ™. • ™ T^T"-"~ I^- m^^'r m ~ ". mm . m umm . m c . _.. . TT * _, , T _ , .. c m
*•! on your way to California. They will make a much ap^ci^d. CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S N GRANDEST STORE forma Views, Mcxxan Hand-Carved Leather Goods, etc -Also Souvenir
5 I*- t ~~ r ~ ¦* ¦-! memento of your visit to the Go'dsn St\'ts. • > . , . . . -.v ~ ', . Postal Cards — per dozen '. 25o a^d OUO .4J
I speeiat sale of O&tf§Qi*nis?& Handsomest Shopping Place c '^l hff of I
* Embroideries -_ i « i»- * m# » : * : jta^ *%*T • SS> + Shoe Sale. s
\ Swiss, Nainsook Extends Gopslms , Welcome to the City's Guests. i-£ |
6 and Cambric. The visitor .'.who turns homeward from San Francisco without having spent at least half a day in making £di« f#
J Monday only we shau tdi 5000^ of perfsct ||sy|teTr^ one of the >J» \&U y^ M "^'
$ H m thc 0I w most interesting: sigh's in the metropolis of the ; coast. ': Free '.a«?"air.'i? this great store to all wh^ come within its fi jm \ ( *j£^^ $
ffijd&^J^ ~£h beautiful dc- doors. . Welcome whethtr buying or not. There are free parlors, lavatories, children's nursery, emergency hospital, observation galleries, parcel checking and e\ S^A%>V\ S^ccs b '5
tf . ¦" h 8n * * n^ ormatlon bureaus/ There are Western Union telegraph effice, PcstofEce S:ation cafe, barber shop, ladies' k air- dressing and manicuring parlor, m)r[\& jgj&J^ ovxSho* '5
A » . at^everTdou-" c^ r opodist; photograph, gallery, art room, etc., all under the one roof. Nine acres of. floor space,' with nearly 1400 employes. Departmrnt store prices on £_ ¦ J UV m Depwt- 5
*I : t b ' e to-mor- everything to eat, drink, wear or use in your home. . • . £%!fer ' Iff* /"^r mentM r -*
£ f^Mj M WSS? Jjg^ Dollar Gloves Made. We place shipment just re- "oTlltk^l^coJ^g now 'of aw i^.il^^iV^rZVy^ 1 ' 27 : *
& I v \U:>* land, thesr .. , v _, ¦ A • ~_^ j :^'lt" ' on sa'e ,"OO ccived of Ostrich *W*- yards of new styles, b«t quality w«h "^m **• a© *«nca Itm Oxford Tie., no«r J|
%> fl T/.f em^ oicris Ladies. Fns\G»ace Kid. G:cv i3 -Wuh 1 wo Nx^^^^, '• >. Feather Boas ¦J$k~pZ Silk, that are neyer«ldregu'ari; -Tfc^^ r^l^'i'^n'/^ S*f2
fc* / <+y wnnU .„. patent fasttn- ['¦¦¦' fl\Wmr!ttSr>- 1 '¦frncycush- r e a : n er DOas » M - JE$ at If 53 than coc wr vard lor mSSSG Ladies 00 Oxford Ties, no-* $1.78 '•
* ' ' J ,, , . J A ings and kt- ,^ •' " cho : ce s e 1 e c ted 'p$M&S 1 l?^ , i! " **T, Ww § |a.oo Vid Kid Shoe., enf to.S#^2 j{
a» much more at vvho.esale than 43 jff§ _ _, ° , . . c /\\>fct« 3r fis-.JV.-sN ion tops ,• . . , , *3^H7#^^SK These are ths Silks that are to popu ar for LadW *, - n vir? VU ci.__ , .. «Ji me* m
l « shall for tae » Men- f &G / " " T££ ijA- W^-! ' <™™^ r^*yZ^ *
X >F eryard . htVw±?vA W\\\\\) 1 ,- , I,, cm en MM, -ad^, a larg.vanety of handsome pattern, m _..$/.0S ?
X — T— aU tbe new- S^ 7f$m?*. ' edmc;l- Black...... $13.50 j^^ such much-in-demand colors as rose, hght. blue, Misses' Sh*ej that were |i. 5 o and |i 75 now J
$ MUSiG SpeCiai. «t staple shades, -.fimd-to-the -.V^A /r ~\ ~ :>)¦.> ors, 4 dif A $12.50, $15.00- m$2&' nn, navy, Ni e green, lavender, etc. c«to8ieand ......ggp .ft
$ We have purchased the first cditxw of WiO-am hand and v.ar- - fi%ff* \v\ 1^__^____ J ferent de- $17.50, $22.50 MSVCltV VsWniMS.* O—.-^Z^ *^~~ 5
I .Loraine'J (the author of Salome) four -ted . ff'^ \^> Natural G r a y , M^ U^TZTJ^ZZ""^,^ SOUVetltr . SfiOOttS |
Jf new instrumtntal p:eces. Th:y are .geim. Ladies Undessed Kid G ovzs- v.ry pret- bhek and white, ¦ ¦'ffiftSI most tecoming meshes Tuxedos, dotted and aHU JeV/ClfV. J€
«f the best he has erer written and the b.g An ex ra > line grade, with three patent clasps t y, SIZ- 22X22 inches, each/ SBC $12 50 to $25.00 W&* p'ain compexion veils, chiffon veils, prices, Souvenir Coffee Sooons— SterK n r^v«. rB, 5
?» store offers them this week, a!l four compo- and silk backs, cab e stit.h, fa: t b ack, gray, « -*S*»%m +v. *v w +-j.vv . ; . L. Ta .j from - Mn to 75o Jouvwir vrfmee spoons— sterling tllTer, gflt -
% mien, ior 6DGJ or any one of fi *9 II m.de and tan, a one- 4 g£&k ~ -. ¦ " . ~ ~ . . P " yard> 25 ° *° 75 ° *%}**%' CTi^^ H£ 5 > '«
tf them, per copy.. M4G twenty -five g'ove for. . ...fl> S a %S W JSC Pl&SglSeS 33C LWBn SpSClalS* LsdiCS' H' dkOrCWfS. e* • 1 75C > 50O..&&U J
* .«n?. e 4I2S? -r™*" ' ¦ ' 16-inch met il piques, upoi which Damask Napkins— Pure b'eached linen, sire zoo dozen Sh:er Belfast Linen Handkerch-efe, SZThaZ^^'^f^jen ?o^S* <
*: •T^^nVL^e^n^rrTe^-." Best JI.OO Silk G!ove-An extra heavy silk, cho : cc p Cture s are Artistically C X,- -« incL )5 o^no» Spe - trimmed in fine Vaenciennes lace and in! %UsS £'*£*% *
*. "Zallah," an Eerj-ptian Intermezzo. with colored silk linings, three patent faiten- j- ¦ 1 n t- cial sale Monday only.cer dozen 5^#»^O u tbn, {"a : nty sty'es and exceptional valu-s • tf % We **'***? *>Sm mMmm •*
g "Casilda," a Sp>nl,h Intermezzo. ers ; the iastene, w.th. ,.k, cutedm co.on by excellent European B ¦ LS-450 y«* of , good The Bi g Store'/ price for .our' 0 _' *£*, «? ~-' ' ' » f ?*f ? J
a, 1 ' — ™'«ng » very F««y c ff"«, something rew, artists— all with gold nms £nd a ring d da ,. ity 6o ]^ ch^ s w5de in 5 choice, «:h 25C A™ 0 ™ Shel «. Jewelry- Mounted m Sterlin S
3 flFM Lac<* S^Sp™*** '$tdOO ¦^ k ? pfsngpiggpart| Ores* Fat-inn w^=t^uSi^£iof5/ 1 5
K %,% Wfi C^«. M^. pp.' > -yrBBwii* ment of pleasing subjecs to select yar.l .....r.. ......... 9^C UrCSS t aCtnff* - Hat Pins 50c 75c Broocb«7Sr tioft ti 9* <X
i WW[ ScarfS . •. mt from; regularly 75 cea^^^
» <& ; V C?O*« A fuU Ime of Fzbl'SC GiOVBfS for ".¦.,, \ b 3 . ' > ~**0* reguar.v 1 2>^c each, ioo dozen on'y — plaid effects, a-sorted patterns, sp:- _ . nuLmn» /Jt, *i.vv, ji.to «
I' \V OStCw countryu £ e >F air........^5 C and S3cl M ° nda > r •¦••••• 33Q on sale Monday, each. ........... 3C . c-al s.'e price, yard. ........... 2 €Z~~~B~m O # *"' JK
* * 150 fine Wash Blonde " -,, ,. . . '„ .- A -, —— ! ~ — — — — — — _ „ -TB^'St ¦ 5*1° ° f S
i III Lace scarfs, ends finished Visst our Beautilul Gut-Glass Rocna, on the Mam Floor, and the Four Hand' Dress Suit Gases, J
% ;J| and embroidered in SOntB Art ROOMS On Se&OTtd FIOOF*. ',' . / , ,' So id cow hide dress *9\ ' j|
K , m Po5nt Venise Lace, ecru ~ ~ 7~Z _. ¦'. ¦ : — : - - " . 1 '.' ¦ \'. — —.- — . " ". . . ' . '—- : -.. 1 ' ' ; ¦; — r~ — — s : ; swt cases, steel frame, ¦,.. _, Jb j»
t mM or whitCj resular pricc July Ussdermuslin Specials. California's Largest Oriental
% mm Sl ; JO M f aCh 7 Mda) ; . - •^•C.n.brieSh-af. French: Corbet' Cover,' finkheV seams, pearl , - 09z*^£*Z*** '~~ "J" * % - ° " V^t " V " 5
S &A V only at the phenomenal - ¦ buttons, cambric ruffle on neck ahi arnv, p.ice a'- . 'JL \fia> • ' BS&ZiMiMr fate, men lined, w,th I I
» 5^ special price. A C JSS " X*S ways 35 r, Juy, special tiice. .......;;:..... .ISC JE& • double strap, Mside, a V^ A.
J^ W S^^J-^S: 85c Fine Cambric -Draweis, extra Wide, lawn ruffle, double / CTP /S^ •?%- good »?!« at our Kg- .,;_• J
*. ' /^^iQM^b^ clu S terof tucks, «ith two .rows of hems'itching-, _ -, r^L^^^ r-} u'«FK«j on sp^cul sale Monday only: \g
J Monday Only. ¦ \X} \p?%?€j fuU krg4,;weu cur, nne -y. made and. finhhd, WM^ - ¦-•Of all the famed lOpPD " f res y $7 ' 5 °' ior -~-$5*55 %
g Our famous Kcnmorc edition of line J^f ff^f( P «d buttons, P rke always^1.50, j u : y special F ice '.Oriental Bazaars in Sin Fran- V^Egf S2.OO Spreads : *
books published at $1.00 each ; printed f /{fl * % \ \)',. *»!oo Nainsook Skirt" Chemise,' iacelttirnmVd' yoke" and skirt, \^^J^>^3, C1SCO t! »l e Big GllllCSe &nd ,^^^^^^1 " Sf^28 "*
•• from new plates on deckle-edged paper, (/••¦ ' I . ribbon at neck, price always $2.00, Taly'sprcial -»«, . Tftn7tn A Cr* Ri -7 jor ir» tKic cf/M-A '-*^^^^^&^J^W^ wr «. 1 L-* • -» «t .. -i* 5
* , , . r r , j , , l -u ' • ' - ¦ -' • ¦•- - • : J ¦ r - 35n japailwSC DiZ\d.l 111 tnlS SlOre Wc haT « 96 only, white s*tin finish ManeiUo 'Jt
I g b n;3^dt ra E oi/b*k"nd s ..5o',^i^Sc^S|ppSg|SSpy|^^ iseasilv the tinest The rare We*, curious bric- a - 1
|. front. P We have on:y. few each of .he M^m^^^^^^^M^^^^mS,?, b«c, c.rved ebomes embroidered »ilk, beauaful elohonne ware and curio. «„ .ig3 y y »i/to iJK J
I- rid«kft; Monday, while « KiB> M^^^^^^^^^0J^^.1^.90O. fro ™ V^Pf s °f «^ O«« >« w<U wof a "su of in^cuon. Tourists will n,.kerc«t.b. price »W.o d«e then, .«t :*
*" lasts- each' AZ&G ag;s4to 12, p ue was }i o c,.j y. . t . . mss one of the s-ghts of San Francisco if they fail to see this remarkable and that we ihaU offer them for f __ -J
£ Boon's Essays ' a." Mysterious' Isl- XT* V >T*VT> £#B 9 S*** ' G^t*33&t l RUUS. imerestin^ c f cction ' r-?° ods f c marked in P'ain figures at surprisingly low Monday only, each &M.*V -j
IT - Children, of tbe Ab- and - f WrW«W« »f V«f |M?I, «IIW flMI^O» prices. -Both native and American clerks. . Qfhf*l» RpHtfSn ~ $
? DanTel Deronda Ol^M^Sne-fse: ' L.rge invoices have been arriving for the last month. An elegant and very complete. new Main F oor-r. Ir. ' ; . ; . , / ' ¦ UUMGr UeOUmg* ; % |
s BBsjft&s-iffiasr «*»,^-« M * miMm wmM <^^^ w^m^m^m^^^m 'lilP^^ 5 « I
tf Alexandre Dumas The Prairie ' KOXDury lapesiry, wenumc, s, *>*?Y^^-^£> miik, rice or mush, regular y 90c, special Monday. .. ._ _ White Woo! ETanketj— 45 pairs only in this lot, C
£ Gold Elsie Robinson Crusoe the double • Etnpes . on the back, sewed, law . ' AL1 \m I ±*Z-^Z- 0 ' ?--?^ • G7O aiz- 6<ix-S inches mJi of » »r4 fin» «^,j1 5
$ fflSe^^D^S^softheSea SSm^M^^^l^^ Hanging Hat Rack-Wth a French plate mV- jj l^iB^i^i^i^S^ ,££& |
I asa^a i isa« it 8?3s id . i:::r:rr^:J^^i^^§^il!ss i^ c 9OX m 9 Sc h 57I / O B 2* o S
K Ludle theSea Unol-ums-Of extra good qinlity, 4 yarcs filled w.th assorted co'ors of si kolin-, worth ••••••..... •• *Vb 9«93^«...oZ,jO »«9=> .">">.- <M?}SO «
*. KUddlemarch When a Man's Sin- wi i e Excellent natternr and co'or- -»' #4.00, special this week; . .'^^ .„ n J& A gS*% /B 4 1ft** MS 4 BS ** 7"9O»nch...47 !4O S4^9=>^^-35O S
J Mlcah Clarke / gle. ZnhTocZ^t^ck G5C ....;. • $2.SO M% &Cm At iUGm MW M&Om P ' \" Cascs-M.de of , firm quality rf«ing J»
£ QdU^MM^Af'Mae GDvlrkmentLineVMatUgS-O/aa excellent Oolden O.kDresrer-With a Jargc French Wire Coat Frame* , . Pant, H.Pfers Fine WVsk Broo^, fpVA efc^ V^ '"t* *
g &eWmg EVIaCmneS , jtvy hin(l made) -.e^mWe and service- plate mirror, 30x14 inches) double -drawer Cookie Gut ers \ Wire F y. Kill. w. Nicke -P a-ed Str a -ner ? K# tg \ I ' *
2" Gl&S tnSSfaaii nf GSO able, wcrth 30c yard, special this top, worth _.|lo.O3, special —- D zrn Pa.er Plaes Picture Du.t-n Oa'c Tow^l Rollers S4X3 ' f 5C tiCh ' *
&*£& fnSieaU OF &SJU. week......:.................. SfilC this week.....-.'....... &B4-mTO a'Packag.s Tacks FourSiters F.v Trap, ", . J^ ~ = . g
|t These machines an made by a - Bt' the roll of 40 yards cheaper. Genti.ie Mahogany • Library Table— Size Dhh Mop-, Measuring Cups Both Tu"> Soap Dshes i-Caffier ESlimmtJi X
AT fll famous factory, whose nam: Oil Clqlh-We have in srock a "q a-itiy of 42x2* inches, wi;h Jarge glass, caw feet and Drawer Pul's . Asbest.s Inn Holders Nickel-P.attd Hanm:rj C mp!«t: Pyrography Oa'fits, _ «
flllSl ¦ w- cannot use and cut the R-mnants, ranging in lengths frcm 1 to 10 crawer, < worth *22 50, a- "No Pidd'er" Sign Fine Tooth Pi: k Comb and Brush Cases upward fom , ' §4:00 S
f'M - yards - worth lrom 30c to 50c p:r jard, special this week . ;..'. V'T'' 9 . Mou e Traps Wood Char Ssat a-Qiart Tin C< ffe? Po: Sheepskins— FuU siies, clean, assort- — Jf
«« U'lH, P nce > -O we. which we close out at . Parlor '-Table— Ot quarter-sawed ; oak, ,h:gh.y Fruit Knives CillurroBag Wh te E airelcd Ca 1 elycolcrs, each 75O 5
*" \l Ull (Cff^-^ t^ lCm C •• 15ti ts* 25C ywd pol : shed, about 20 in stock, which wj wish Fruit Can^.— each Nb. 4 Bowl Straimr WHte E-ameled Plates ' J
* : drop-head 'T'ndLm/SyJ'gns, «izl— 3 6xf| inche?, to c-os, cut; from... gg V j to g7 5 J LasSJos 1 ' Hair-DrissBstq Boys' Fjx~ni*hif3fjii GrOSkery Specials. 5
** Qwfiilfe^ MW i n ; nB Sssika QrstaBnenis* %-&SMtneB* istOtosss, Han(S )irc privatc apartr r e nts on the first '^.^ &Gn&o2* P^nwC /£\ 5
* 0 easy running, WftfM . W «« •» _ Comb^i6n^rirst\a^Cwd^>%?gg ! &^A^m F IetoiH^^dii^kdi Boys' Golf Sh-rfs-Neat pattern, Bedford cord ) S
S° iSIOyS n O1 se;css, ball- Our full Stock of Spike Ornaments '-i^^^J : grain lecher -in as- of w gs for la i« and geat e nen. Wig, made ¦ Perce, with cuffs to match 5£? O V/^^^^£^S^^fe) 5
ffWrT^P^ bearing. Thc or Ribbon Ends, inc.ud.ng all the j Eo^ d co " ors '" both to crcer. Wor.c guaranteed the b:st and a prr- Boys' Golf Shirt;— Good qu-.lity of Ma-'ra., \ W^^^^^^^^^^T "*
a ° ViJt\^K?^^^3 head drops into latest patterns and novelties, in gold, j /^§|fjnfe5K plain, an! embossed, , ect fit ;. , • nice, -s.yi.h patterns, cuffi to match.. 75o Nc^^-^l^P^^P*^ *
X c^^tjli -tight box silver and gun metal, on special sale, . }^^^^^\ ¦ : .2n'^ ZJlrTcl LargeSt a : !Ort " lent . of -Switch*; all len gths Beys' Ne g ligee Shirts-Soft co'lar and cuffs, " *
I .¦r^s.ps.-; 55S5SSR ¦
V IS the equal of any $50 machine on Children's 1x1 and 2x1 ribbed cotton hose, ,. ====s^. g, a in leathers, nicke". 50C . Face Tie.tmenU.B.eauhing and D.eing Boys' School !t ckings— Mate of ks: qual- T hi-" 'n-w " \ 9*0.00 ;; «
J. . the market; guaranteed for 5 years— - double knee, guaranteed last black, excep- - frame', tall clasps..-. ..........'..* "A— by expert aitiots. " ity Maco yarn, double knee, heel and so'e, C h mber <!r f 5
g ,.,dd,eb iS s K , r c- i price>.. ggg tSio iS^liSipi^ § Toilet Articles- fi^g — I
I eroeenr Specials. C1 S>S^^, S |^|pi^p^^ |terf|i^?rft^| fef J^kf 1
fc" Emporium Hour— Regu',rIy8 S c. tack, h.gh . ««1 lo'e-.thii sacking comes also Wrist PfffSeS-The latest fad, gen- T o i 1 e t Sca ? - jA wcrr, well made, each. e d g e b«m S
& C ra^e mo-ev refun-ed if not M-inf/rtore in a-sorted tans, sizis 5 to 9^, pair „•„, gran leather, in asrorted _ _ Lavender cream, , ' ' . \T . ".? f ' rgal^ X
tf graie, mo..ey refused if not sasfactory, h . aS8Ortm . nt o f -, Q , „ 75C a nicely scrn-ed, _J-¥ B °>' $ Underwesr- Ga/ rcerir.o, soft, nice with ht "y S
S , n . sSalMondar .tins p£S sc>ction of. the latest eff^, aso in tan, Mu ., c * R o!is - Imitation grain^-- sell regu ar y at <S$£2&ifc~l% ***, T , > f ° Ur - n - h3 " d y :l " ' ' ' ''' V^M. J^=^ X
j. t n«, tptc.ai Aionaiy, 3 tins £HC ,»s;,, „;„!, c t v r^d n^t «' a^ 1 .u - • - - -. . :-i V\35§S2aK S new up-ta-dite designs, eacn 25c f£ C V^f?**^ • «
5 Peariine-i-lb packages, Mondav 3 for.. 25C ,' T ,' k- J " \ ' *»!?/» ». ;^ e . r -> :-•¦¦•¦'"¦¦• OC *f, .» P » « al ' ' ' °° >^^^ ' •
| Swiss Cheese-Theb4 imported EaenthJ r .°J a l * nd T y lk nc J"J P ur P^ P» ' -^ | Udie»' Jewel BagJ-Mocha leather, Monday rj^v, T^ga*^ - -J . . Notions 50 - differ-nt 5
*f rerular'v -oc 1b Monday • OtiJi Qhi-dren's Jersey nobed heavy fleece lined cotton | j n assorted colon. ..':.......-.. J dC&C nerhox... f9* V^^-^ftTu mwfirffi* MUSMUniS. 5° airrerrit ; dj
$ SardineslcWeimportedfMondVyidnsiSS v:£t! ' P aI ? tS " n « J boy8> drawm ' P atent finished I ««' '^ 4 y ' Bagf-In fine ch-m=is leather, Ha | r Brush- -^^-^DBgfflS^ ' "Onandoff" De s Shields, for thirt wa'sts. » . . * 7e8 °io "^IS'o/i 2
f ChlrardeHr,Ea g 'eCh O co !a U-,lbcake._ gg|^^p^p ||gpM^^fi|g Mix^^ in so.d hack, r Ci uWly^ |
I J -^ dJ f;"-^ 1 "--^ t - d — tfress Linings. s^/S^^*?/2Bo n 6M^-s^ i^ n .,.... 25c s^ : BwiVb«i^^^^i;ifg f'?m0\ Sj'V^^ : I
I xop-ecesFine Bbck Mercerizedlteen, 3 6 V- :' •— — -^-^ •¦ Ram ..d^Quljne Hair Tork., ... 2 5O White and Sored Fln:shin g Brid,', L^LJ J^^twi Jit 5
Jf-- are sure you wiU like it ....... P^c inches W ide, exta value, yard., .. _,L | .--.-.. ,,,« ; • ' VWet Toilet W.hr-Sprinkler-top bottles. ;. ............................. ./-?O ?2hch ,£4" » 5
g iChoiceTeL-UncoloredandEreenJ^atand .............. V. . ..^^.i.'. £5C A Sg33Oial \ ........................ ..'.......-^Jo Tomato Pin Cushion,, extra fia>, each...f^ 3 ,-^S^ '«! $
fc* Ojong, alnnc qual : tirf, 1b 4^ G Black anJ Co'ored Si k Finished Taffeta Sk rt ScHOOl BOOU CcKul id !o p Brxej— Large s"ze . . . .^Q^j Ciihaaere Men.ing Woo!, al, cokrs, 2 ,aras. . J|pg38» ' " $3.'4S?5 '«
S m , 71 "•--. L:nine;. 36 inefcei, inducing aU the new and Rjyal To: th Powd.r-Antiseptic, very nice. . p";!,:;; « V Boil" ""*"" ""if 0 /^^^^^ This ' fine Imitati.n Cut- J
S I Kttiaet** &93f*f*g£afe shaies, resedas and old rose, yard -_, _ . ' ' ' - ' ##»« Pompadour Ha r Roll', each fSO /^-^S^l r .« R-rrv «: t t »> «. 2
j Liquor ., ?, 1 2 ic School Sunn Iv B;Vri h^ :^^T^ r^w G.ssB--rrys-t, 7 p^«,
5 1 Kentucky Bourbon— Full quirt botths, regu- ¦¦•••.•••••••¦•. •• • 2 ;"*!!?vn / f^ - Violet Toilet Soap— Box 3 cakes. .... /^ B a :k Satin Corded Belts, enam:l buckles. ;... >^_ -r^ v*^' "^^^N^^ X
Si' Iariy 75c, Monday only ' *****»*!:***¦** K3 S ** uric Mine ' VS P Slrttn^ n *' Cloth Brushes -Wired tu'ts ,25c ... •- Sij© ,-^^^K^ frg^Jpl^l^SS^ •*
«C - &OG <L0&rUUrUy mitaiWUnggS* A11 O f the authorized Text Books that will Hair Brushes— Extra fine qualit/ bristles. £ JC Satin Be t Hos: Su.porteis, all co'ors, pair . . . • *
J> Litbig's Btit Malt Tonic — Reeu'ariv £2-25 50 doien p'eces, 4-yard hngths, of gcoi quality be used in the Primary, Grammir and High Toilet M rrorj— Beveled glass, in ei:el frame. . ........... ... : 25C 8-'nch bowl and 6 /^/rP^^ifflJ^/^v "5
tf per dozen, special Monday $t»7S Back Corduroy Skirt Binding, regular width School for the ensuing term.; . All . kinds of .../.... .\. ....23o Shell Hair Pin?, dozen • 2uc fauce paes com- ffcryy^^KVv $%$&? "*
*>* Lyttjn's Ginger Ale — Instead of $1. 00 per and p:r e:t co!or, vjlae aoc piece, 40% school stationery, and. schoo!. supplies at depart- Colapsible Drinking Cup: — Pure aluminum Large Cube Pins-, b'ac'< and colorei, 100 ccu-.t, p'.ete. lor. ' rejg^jgj^Trlr 2"
5C dozen, spicial Monday 75c special sale pnee, piece. ......... *%MG ment store" prices. . . . : . . . . /. . . ..25O each .SC ...... 55O {ETHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUN DAY; JULY 14, 1»O1.
Publication Office.-. < *^|lpil^* .';'. ............ ..Market and Third, S. F.
BY GUISARD.
BIRD-LIKE SADA YACOO
OF CHRYSANTHEMUM LAND
GIVEN HARSH CRITICISM
POPULAR ITALIAN SINGER WHO
GAINED FAME IN THE ROLE OF
CARMEN.
CALIFORNIA GIRL WHO HAS
BEEN SUCCESSFUL ON THE
STAGE.
leaning* toward the stage. In "Privata
John Allen" she played the part of Bes
sie Stokes, a loud good-hearted woman of
the racetrack, and won strong favor by
her characteristic impersonation. That
Mls3 Van Braham has a pleasing exterior
is amply evidenced by the picture.
Los Angeles— G. Hockwell, at the Gil
sey; E. W. Kilsey, at the Westminster; L.
J. C Spruam, at the Holland.
NEW YORK. July 13.— The following
Calif ornians have arrived: San Francisco
— B. L. Dow and wife, at the Imperial;
Miss V. Foltz, at the Victoria; Mrs. M. A.
Greenwood, at the Imperial; W. G. Mc-
Carthy, at the Earlington; D. E. Newell,
at the Albert; J. H. Reid, J. Reid Jr., J.
Reid and wife, at .the Grand Union; F.
Shaly, at the Ashland.
Calif oroians in New 'York.
The organ, by the way, is not the least
notable of the features of the convention.
It is the new memorial instrument pre
sented by Mrs. Jane L. Stanford to Stan
ford University, and desUned to occupy
a permanent place in the college chapel.
It has been very kindly lent to the Ep
worth League by Mrs. Stanford and has
come right from the organ shop to San
Francisco. The instrument has a patriot
ic as well as an artistic value, being the
work of a Californlan organ builder, Mur
ray M. Harris of £os Angeles, and Is, I
believe, the fim electrical, organ built
west of Chicago. It is an excellent speci
men of the organ builder's art, the most
ambitious product so far of home talent
in this direction, and is the promise and
portent of development here of a highly
Important industry- The organ is large,
with three manuals and forty-six stops,
thus divided: On the great organ, thir
teen; swell organ, fifteen; choir, nine, and
pedat. nine. There Is an ample variety "of
tone and color, a good volume, excellent
balance and admirable mechanical action
It Is most probable that the Epworth
League chorus singing will be of the kind
that is worth hearing. Long practice has
gone to the study of the choruses, there
are 1300 voices in the choir and a good or
gan to back up the vocal volume. There
will be sung on Tuesday evening next at
the Pavilion "The Heavens Are Telling,"
"Gloria" from Mozart's "Twelfth Mass,"
"Thanks Be to God," "Be Not Afraid,"
"By Babylon's Wave," "Worthy Is the
Lamb" and to conclude with the "Halle
lujah Chorus." There Is but one thing
lacking— the usual lack— that , of a sym
phony orchestra to add to the orchestral
coloring. But the organ will- go far to
remedy the deficiency In the capable
hands of W.'F. Skeele of Los Angeles and
"William B. Kin? of Oakland, who will ac
company the choruses, and also give solos
on the new Instrument.
It is Impossible to overestimate the hu
manlzing-^plritualizing, if you like it
better— influence of this form of- musical
expression both on listener and singer.
There is a vastness of 'result, a breadth
of emotional reach never otherwise ob
tained. Heaven is touched and earth's
utmost sounded as the great common
chord of worship or lament is set vibrat
ing. Each singer feels the God of his
fathers praised by the thousand throats
of his fellow choristers, each listener the
joy and grief of his world sung to heaven
by lips opened for him alone. Most truly
do' these things make for the brotherhood
of man, and — but. I never meant to be be
guiled into sermonizing this gracious Sun
day morning!
Beethoven felt this. In his last, and
largely held to be his greatest symphony,
to the wealth of orchestral beauty he
added the human voice, with what mag
nificent largeness of result is known to all
hearers of the "Choral Symphony." More
familiarly felt because more widely
known Is the effect of the great oratorio
choruses, many of which we shall have
the privilege of hearing during the comr
ing week from the Epworth League sing
ers.
TO the Epworth Leaguers, Chris
tian Endeavorers and other oon
ventioners—to keep the English up
to pitch— San Francisco ' owes
it gets in the way of
the large choral festival, a debt, look you,
cf no mean proportions. Since old King
Solomon's time (who, according to Jo
sephus. numbered two hundred thousand
Levltlc choristers in his temple chorus,
not to speak of two hundred thousand
trombones and. trumpets and forty thou
sand harps and psalteries of finest brass
In the accompanying orchestra!) the
grand chorus has ever been held the only
cufflcient medium of expression for the
fullness of the joy and sorrow of nations.
It is the democracy of music, the voice of
the Intimate heart of the race, the boon
of speech to the great common human
thrill that is left untouched by the sub
limated emotional aristocracy of the or
chestra.
Sonata, piano and violin. Op. 20, Arthur
Foote; violin concerto in D (Pagantni) ; piano
solos, (a) Intermezzo (Schumann), (b) Scherzo
(Mendelssohn); violin solo, "Chaconne"( Bach);
piano solos, (a) Nocturne (Chopin), (b) Scherzo
(Chopin); violin solos, (a) Romance (Sindlng),
(b) Passacaglia (Handel-Thomson); Benata in
E minor (Mozart), piano and violin.
The following programme given by Mr.
SIgmund Beel at. New Bechstein Hall,
London, on June 10. affords a very 'wel
come assurance of the distinguished vio
linist's restored health. The London cli
mate has not suited Mr. Beel like his na
tive air of California, but he seems now
to be quite well again, and hard at work,
which will be good hearing to his host of
admirers here. Mr. Beel was assisted by
Miss Ada Wright at the piano, and Henry
Bird accompanist:
• • •
The above portrait of Estefania Colla
marini, the popular Carmen of the last
Tivoli grand opera season, is the charm
ing singer's latest concession to the came
ra artist. She will appear again as Car
men this year, and will also essay the
hole of Delilah in Saint-Saens' "Samson
and Delilah." - • . --
throughout. The instrument will hardly
be heard to best advantage in the Pa
vilion, but W. F. Skeele, who "opened" it
in Los Angeles a few weeks ago, will ex
hibit Its- possibilities next Tuesday even
ing, when he will be heard in the follow
ing solos, that complete the programme
of ths leaguers' first concert: An opening
march; the "Grand Choeur" in D of Gull
mant; "Barcarolle," Lemare; "The
Storm," Lemmens; "Variations on a
Scotch Air." Buck, and the "Toccata,"
from the "Fifth Symphony" of Wldor.
A dispatch from Europe announces that Queen Wilhtlrriina expects an heir to the • Dutch
throne to be born ) about Christmas time ; and the way these European correspondents keep tab on
things. is remarkable. ¦'.;;', ¦ :,¦¦¦.,.: ¦"¦¦'•. ¦¦¦¦•"¦' • : * ' ' ', " """. . " \ * 1 .¦
Massachusetts is bragging because her prison census shows 483 less criminals confined this
year 1 than at the corresponding period of last year;^ but it is to be noted she has carefully ab
stained from counting how many criminals she has out of jail.
Since Comptroller Dawes has resigned his office for the purpose of making a race for the
Senatorship from Illinois, Senator Billy Mason will probably conclude that the best way to spend
a vacation this year is to make a tour of the country, and get around among the boys!
It is announced that the famous dispatch instructing Dewey "to capture or destroy. the
Spanish fleet'" was written by; Lieutenant* H. W. Whittelsey, ; but the information comes too; late
to give the gentleman much of a boom. Still he may get a chance to write a magazine article.
Despite the fact "that Olney is quite an old man, some of the Boston papers declare he is
a better leader than the Democrats can find anywhere else; and it 'may be so, for after four years
of the boy orator, it would not be too much of a reaction if the party went back to Methuselah
for a change. 7 • . , ' ' ,- : : ';/\ ' ". : ¦"•,•¦ . \ ¦ >
A movement to raise money to erect a monument to Whittier was started in New Eng
land just about the time -the, hot wave struck that section of the country, but the promoters were
not demoralized. On the contrary, they redoubled their efforts and'urged everybody to subscribe
to the fund because Whittier once wrote a poem called "Snowbound."
A woman in Kansas City who has applied for a divorce is said to have written to her
lawyer the following instructions: "I have a very fine marriage certificate, with little Cupids on
it and a ribbon. attached, and I would like to have my divorce decree on parchment with a blue
no, a pink— seal; tfiat would. blend better with, the parchment I'd like pink ribbons, too, if you
please." -.••¦. \ '. '« . .'.-,"
In a dead level State, where the seasons change at the same time throughout its area, one
game law may apply to all parts, but it is not so here, either 'as to feathered or four-footed
animals.
THE Marysville Democrat assumes that the Call opposes the protection of:fish and game
because we question the wisdom of .a. law which destroys allfish and game found on hand
the first day of the close season. Such' a regulation destroys food and causes a loss to the
dealer. Precautions against accumulating a surplus stock in cold storage are just as easy
as the tagging of such legitimate surplus as a dealer may carry over in the ordinary course of trade.
Game laws should be rigid and rigidly enforced. It is even well to have laws that forbid
entirely the taking of deer and large game for a period of three or five years, in order that it may
multiplicand then the open season be thereafter limited, and killing restricted to the male
animals. •.
It would be well if Legislatures would consult naturalists in the fixing of the open and
close season for game. In California the altitude of our mountains counts for latitude, and the
season of breeding has a wide range. A law that permits the shodting of deer and birds in the
valleys is not applicable at the same date to the whole State. When spring is advanced and it is
even summer in the valleys, the vernal season has not opened in the mountains.- The present
arrangement of the deer law permits the killing of deer at a season wkjen the venison is not fit J:'o
eat, so that all taken is wasted, and the animals are practically killed for their hides. At the sea
son when the venison is fit to eat, it cannot be taken without penalty. This misplacing of the
shooting season does not preserve the deer, as the great bales of dried hides sold in this city
prove.
The same criticism applies to the dove season. For years it has opened while the birds
are still nesting. The result has been a great decrease in that game. The opening has now been
set forward to August, which is* an improvement.
To return fo the deer season, prohibition of the sale of venison and of export from the
county where taken has turned deer hunting into hide hunting. The limitation of the season's
hunt to. three deer per hunter is entirely ineffective, since there is no way of proving that more
are taken, and the hunter is not likely to turn informer "on himself. As has been frequently said
our deer law is intended for an exclusive few, "or to profit the hide hunter. The Legislature
should consult naturalists and intelligent hunters in the different zones of altitude, and they
would then prepare a law that would run not by county lines, but according to altitude, as the
natural seasons go. Its effect would be to really preserve the, game and permit the best us.e of
that which is taken. \
THE GAME LAWS.
And still they come. Miss Elsa Van
Braham," .who is pictured above, is a
young- ' Calif ornian girl j who has just re
turned to San Francisco after a success
ful season with Charles B. L" Hanf ord In
"Private John Allen." • Miss Van Braham,
who ; is : known ', at home : as Elsa. Grace
Abrams," is* a graduate. of ; Miss Lake's
school . and . has always . shown a strong
Alice Taylor, another young Calif ornian
with histrionic aspirations, has just
signed with Howard Hall for a season.
The former leading man of the Alcazar
and Central theaters will star during 1 the
coming season under the management of
Charles Blaney, in a play entitled "The
Man ' "Who Dared," and Miss Taylor will
be the leading ingenue of the company.
The former Oakland girl had a consider
able success in "The Prisoner of Zenda"
In New York a short time ago. .
"Well, - it is an old story now, ¦ how the
Japanese actors played for three cents a
performance at the beginning of the Paris
Exposition, and ended at eight francs,
with Bernhardt * and Kejane everyday
spectators of their efforts. But we had
the first hearing and sight of the unique
entertainment, and gave the first god
speed to the quaint company.
• ¦. • • ¦»'*..
But one thing out of key was there, the
unspeakable singing of the De Reszke of
Japan, Fujita, Of all amazing, hair-rais
ing and incomprehensible performances
that It has been my lot to hear, that was
the worst, and so far as that goes the
Englishman's attitude is readily under
stood — one is tempted to believe, indeed,
that the London performance began with
Fujita, and could readily sympathize with
the critic If for him it had ended there.
Fortunately for us Fujita came late on
the programme. The audience had settled
down Into an inspired politeness of at
tention, suggested by a printed slip with
minute directions for the etiquette of the
affair, and had just attained a soothing
belief in itself as a model of manners
that even the most hypercritical maid of
Nippon could find no flaw in, when Fu
jita happened along. It was the sudden
ness of the affair. Into the cherry-blos
som daintiness and grace the little brown
grotesque dropped like a frog in a bou
quet of butterflies, and the newly acquired
manners of the audience took rapid
flight It hid behind its shrieking neigh
bor, stuffed its handkerchief . into its
mouth in a vain attempt to smother Its
Olympic laughter, as Fujita howled and
squealed and squirted out his gong. But
just the same the song had the artistic
value of the grotesque, and only made the
Japanese introduction to the West the
more nationally characteristic.
Not that it matters, for the quaint lit
tle company that we first greeted here on
one never to be forgotten night in June,
'99, at Maple Hall in the Palace Hotel,
has received its full meed of sympathy
and appreciation since that time. To any
one present at that Vsach-blossom festi
val, that correct, ridiculous and charming
affair, the future success of Madame Sada
and her company in Paris was a, foregone
conclusion. The whole thing was as cer
tainly and conventionally artistic as a
Hiroshlgo drawing, with the same inspired
and weird perspective, the same absolute
loveliness of line and the same auda
cious brilliance of color. From the geisha
dance of Madame Yacco, an absolute
music of movement, in which the slim,
brilliant figure fitted, half bird-like, half
like a butterfly against the still gold of
the black edged screen behind, to the
delicate melancholy of the symphonies of
Japan played on the saaiisen and koto,
and the crowning grace of the quaint
ceremonies of the Chanoyu— the ancient
festival of the tea-drinking— the Japanese
greeting to the West was a keen, artistic
delight.
OUR Captious Critic" in the Lon
don Sporting and Dramatic
News, this week, falls afoul of
that charming: little tea-house
lady, Sada Yacco. whose first
acquaintance with the stern world on the
other side of the jade and pearl screen
was made some two years ago In San
Francisco. Sada Yacco and Otto Kawa
kami, the Ellen Terry and Irving of
Japan, have recently been doing the
drama as she is done in Japan for the
benefit of Criterion patrons in London,
and the critic caps his captlousness by a
refusal to see good of any kind In the
efforts of these stars of the Oriental
stage. Gcod, that Is. according to Occi
dental standards, and that there may be
others he seems to find difficult of be
lief. Even for the music and dancing of
these jewels of Asia he finds no word of
praise, but the doubtful appreciation
"that it may be simply perfect in Japan,
but that I feel that I should need to be
a Japanese to enjoy it," an attitude
neither wise nor logical.
BAFFLED in their efforts, to obtain- control of the machinery of the Republican party, and
seeing defeat of all then- political schemes staring them in the face, the bosses, who
for so long a ' time have done politics for profit in this city , have now in their despera
tion turned to the Republican State Committee for assistance. , * It is their desire to get
the State Committee to recognize their so-called County Committee ; as the body legally author
ized to present to the Board of Election Gommissioners on the part of the Republicans of San
Francisco a plan for apportionment of delegates to the approaching convention.
In these efforts the bosses have been so far successful that the chairman of the State Com
mittee has been induced to consent to issue a call for a meeting of that body. An jssue is there
fore raised which, it behooves the members 'of the committee to study carefully. The gentle
men who compose the committee are to be called from their counties to interfere in the local
politics of San Francisco: There is no State; question involved in the campaign, nor is any State
officer to be voted for at the election. Such controversies as exist are matters of what is strictly
and exclusively San Francisco politics. Why then should the State Committee be called upon to
decide them?
It is to be borne in mind there has been established by law. a Board of Election Commis
sioners to settle any questions of this kind that may. arise. The board is a part of the political
machinery of San Francisco, and the members of it are much/better fitted to.deal with local con
troversies than are any set of men drawn from the State at large. There* is no reason why men
should come from their homes, in far-away Modoc, or even from the nearness of Alameda. to
interfere in San Francisco politics, any more than that San Francisco politicians should inter
pose "in the politics of those counties.
While there are no reasons to justify interference on the part of the State Committee
there are several good reasons why it should not interfere. In the first place by such action the
State Committee would be involved in a broil from which it could not derive credit and might
emerge with discredit that would seriously affect its efficiency in matters that rightly belong to it.
The outsider who interposes in a family quarrel never gets thanks for his pains. In the second
place such interference from outsiders would probably disgust- many of the more independent
members of the Republican party and thus endanger the whole ticket. ... It will hardly be denied
by any sane man. that the American people resent outside interference with local, affairs, and such
interference in San Francisco on the part of the Republican State Committee would go far toward
bringing about a Democratic victory.
Finally, the State Committee should bear in mind this, plain, fact — there is no controversy
among the Republicans of San Francisco; they are united and harmonious. The controversy
that has been carried to the committee is ope raised by Martin Kelly and Phil Crimmins, sup
ported and assisted by W. F: Herrin,\ John C. Lynch, Jere Burke and other employes of the
Southern Pacific Railroad. Not one of these men is in any sense a genuine Republican. They are
in politics for what they can make out of it, and are even now scheming with Democratic bosses
to do politics together. The claim of such men to control the Republican organization is
so shamelessly impudent that it. is not entitled to a 'moment's consideration.
The activity of the Southern Pacific officials and employes in supporting men like Crim
mins and Kelly is in violation of the orders issued by President Hays, and he should certainly
give his attention to it. If that. order is not to be looked upon as a farce it should be promptly
enforced. t> •
STRICTLY A LOCAL ISSUE.
Address Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
BY BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
QRAND CHORUS REGARDED
AND PRIZED THROUGH AGES
AS MUSIC'S DEMOCRACY
THE SAN PRANGISGO G/VL.L
18
Among the several . States and Terr!-,
tories Oklahoma shows the largest per-
centage of increase, according to tha
census of 1300.
Special Matinee at Columbia.
Miss Blanche Bates will appear at a
special matinee at the Columbia on Frl-.
day, July 19. Ib&en's famous play "Hedda
Gabler" -will be presented.
On sale July. 20 and 21," the Union : Pacific
Railroad will ; sell round trip . tickets : to ' Chi-
cago, good for 60 days, at rate of $72 50. D.-.W.
Hitchcock, General Agent, 1 Montgomery «t,"
Ban Francisco. 1 ' \ ;
Chicago and Return $72.50.
The Santa Fe will- sell'- low "rate tickets to
all points j July 12 to August 15 -inclusive to
holders of Epworth League tickets and friends
accompanying [ them. . Call at Santa F? ' office,
641 Market street, or ferry, depot. ; Jv, "'-
Cheap Bates for Epworth Leaguers
-and Their Friends.
The Santa Fe to Merced and stage thence
via Merced Falls. Coultervnie, Hazel Green,
Merced Bis Trees, Cascade Falls and Bridal
Veil Falls, arriving at Sentinel Hotel at 6 the
next afternoon. This is the most popular route
and the rates are the lowest. Ask at 641 Mar-
ket st. for particulars and folder.
Best Way to the Yossmite.
On July. 22d a special excursion rate of $40
for the round trip. San Francisco to the Grand
Canyon of Arizona, will be made. Leaving San
Francisco at 8. p. m.' on the 22d, you reach the
Canyon for supper the 23d. No other sight is
comparable to this, the grandest ] of nature's
marvels. Ask at, 641 Market street, the Santa
Fe office, about it. iiVK-'i
Grand Canyon Excursion.
¦Everything pertaining to the New "World
may be easily and cheaply seen at the Pan-
American Exposition, and the best way to
get to Buffalo is by the comfortable trains
of the Nickel Plate . Road, carrying Nickel
Plate Dining Cars, In which are served Amer-
ican Club meals from 33c to U each. Book
free, "showing pictures of exposition buildings.
Hotel accommodations reserved. JAY W.
ADAMS, P. C. P. A., 37 Crocker building.
San Francisco, Cal.
Are You "Of the Old World"?
No man has ever been able to ascertain
which gives a woman the most pleasure,
hearing herself praised or some other
woman run down. •
Special information supplied dally to
business bouses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
CaL glace fruit 60c per 1b at Towrisend's.*
Choice candies, Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
IbkatsghinskiI
1 PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO., I
1. 10 THIRD ST., SAN FRANCISCO I
I Three=Strap Sandals 1
| Sold Below Cost |
y A bargain like this is not offered m
y every day. They won't last long, K
U so come around early and be fitted, i
H Ladies* full dress three-strap Vici |
B Kid Sandals, coin toes, hand §
H turned* soles and French heels. 1
H Reduced from $2 to $1 20 a pair, |
|j Sizes 2j4 to 7, widths A to E. |
3 - This is certainly our bargain I
11 week. Here is another special. 1
f| Ladies' Vici Kid Lace Shoes, em- S
|] broidered vesting tops, coin toes El
9 and tips. Reduced to $1 20 a pair, m
H ' Sizes 2}4 to 8, widths A to E. |
fl 'We have no branch H
H stores ncr traveling. sales- h
g men. * ! |]
fj Country Orders Solicited. «
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. j
I 10 THIRD STREET, |
'¦ ¦-: ' : -- r ¦ • ~r"" ~ ¦ ¦ ¦)LONDON. July 13.— John W. Bookwal
ter of Ohio, who sailed for the United
States on the Hamburg-American line
eteamer Columbia yesterday, spent a few
days in London this week after a two
thousand mile bicycle trip through South
ern Europe, during which he traversed
PREDICTS WAR
BY TIE MASSES
SAN JOSE, July 13.— Santa Clara Countj
has a candidate for the secretaryship ol
the State Board of Horticulture, made va
vant by the suicide of B. M. Lelong ¦ H«
is C. W. Childs, who for many years was
principal of the State Normal School here.
Childs claims to have the State Grange,
several horticultural societies, Senator
Perkins and Congressman Loud back oi
him. The election will occur next Mon
day.
Childs "Would Succeed. Lelong.
WASHINGTON, July 13.— Official ad
vices to the Marine Hospital service re
port that the total number of plague cases
in Cape Town up to June" 15 was 714, with
338 fatalities. There were two fatal plague
cases in Maurit5us during the week ended
June 13. Remarkably low averages in the
death rate in Great Britain are reported
for the week ended June 15, being 13.7 per
1000 in London and 15.2 for the thirty-three
great towns of England and Wales.
Plague Continues in Cape Town.
Kidnaping.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., July 13.— A. W.
Brewster, an attorney of this city, has
received a draft for J250 sent to him by
"Pat" Crowe from Johannesburg, South
Africa, The amount was sent to the law
yer to pay an attorney fee Crowe had
been owing a number of years.
Crowe's name had been connected by al
legation with the kidnaping in Omaha ol
the young son of Edward Cudahy, the
packer, who paid a ransom of $25,000 in
gold to recover his boy. Several years
ago. Crowe was under arrest in SLJoseph
on the charge of train robbery. He em
ployed Brewster, who is a State Senator,
to defend him. The charge was finally
dismissed.
St. Joseph Attorney Receives Lette:
From Man Accused of Omaha
CROWE SENDS MONEY
FROM SOUTH
His Wife.
LONDON. July 13.— Bertram ; O'Nell
Murphy, son of a late San Francisco mil
lionaire and brother of Lady Wolseley,
appeared. In the Bankruptcy Court, the
petitioning creditor being his former
wife,- who has' Judgments against him ag
gregating £5000.. With respect to the ali
mony allowed by the court when the cou
ple were divorced in 1894, Murphy, in the
course of his examination, said that never
since his divorce had he paid a penny to
ward the maintenance of his wife and
child and, although • until "June last his
brother in San Francisco had given him
an allowance of £1500 yearly, his father
had disinherited him. Murphy also said
a certain .solicitor In London' was now
supporting him, and he denied the use of
aliases, although he admitted he might
have been known by the name of Mudie.
The newspapers are using the occasion
of Murphy's appearance in court to re
print the stories of his clandestine mar
riage with a daughter of Field Marshal
Sir Donald Stewart and the kidnaping of
his child in 1894.
MURPHY A WITNESS
IN A LONDON COURT
Brother of Lady Wolseley Explains
, • About a Claim Made by i
ACTIVE POLES
ALARM GERMANS
y ¦ • * — — , ¦¦¦ .
College Students on Trial
for Alleged Con
spiracy. ° .
Pears Exist That a Serious
Uprising Is Being
Planned.
BERLIN, July 13.— In the complete
absence of other political Interests , this
week/ the great trial at Posen of the thir
teen Polish students charged with be
longing to secret political societies at vari
ous German universities, organized' to
promote the national aspirations of Po
land, attracts much attention. ;¦
The examination of the accused students
has not, up to the present time, developed
any sensational features. They all deny
the charges of participating knowingly In
illegal societies. The most sensational
feature of this trial so far has been the
throwing up of their briefs by the leading
lawyers for the defense, protesting
against the rigid limitations prescribed
for them by the court." ,
In connection with the trial the German
newspapers print articles concerning the
Polish National Fund at Rapperschwyl,
Switzerland, which was collected chiefly
among American Pole3. This fund now
amounts to about $46,000 and continues to
grow rapidly. The newspapers, referring
to the matter, say:
"The purpose of this fund, as stated
by the Polish managing committee, is that
it be used at a given moment, with all its
power, In support of a decision for po
litical action." The official publications of
those having in hand the collection of this
fund say the only institution openly work
ing for the Independence of Poland is "the
national fund."
Other developments of the last week
Indicate further Polish activity. Besides
the decision of the German authorities to
prosecute the sixty Polish students at
Thorl, in West Prussia, charged also with
being connected with Polish political or
ganizations, the Polish voters In the bye
electlon at Duisburg, on the Rhine, re
fused to support the Centrist candidate
unless a pledge was given to support the
idea of holding Polish religious service
every Sunday In the Catholic churches.
The trial of the Polish students has
been adjourned to permit the commission
conducting the trial to take the testimony
of Students Bolewik at Cracow and
Milowski at Zurich. .
ITALY'S RULER SHOWS
WONDROUS INTELLIGENCE
United States Embassador I$arvels at
the Brilliancy of the New
Sovereign. ,
LONDON, July 13.—George V. L. Meyer,
United States Embassador to Italy, is
staying a. few days in London, en route
for Boston. He said to-day:
"Before leaving Rome I had an hour's
audience with the.King.' Not only did he
express the most cordial friendship to
ward the United States, but he surprised
me by his intimate knowledge of our insti
tutions. He is a wonderfully intelligent
sovereign. Slgnor Zanardelli, the Pre
mier, has certainly surprised every one
by his outspoken utterances. He appears
to have met the political crisis with re
markable ability. The relations between
the Vatican and the Qulrinal continue as
they have been for thirty years. The last
time I saw the Pope he looked wonder
"The question of the Philippines excite*
keen interest in Rome. Archbishop Cha
pelle has given the Vatican the benefit of
his extended experience In those Islands,
and doubtless has done much to explain
the religious • questions which puzzle the-
Catholic authorities. Archbishop Cha
pelle will return to New Orleans In about
a month." ¦ _.
Governor General Wood Improves.
HAVANA, July 13.—Governor General
Wood, who is suffering from typhoid fev
er, has recuperated wonderfully and his
physicians are confident he will be able to
get up in a'few days.
Officials of the War Office are more wor
ried now than at any previous time dur
ing the war, and they are working stren
uously to. explain the mistake. The inci
dent has awakened in the public mind an
eagerness, most unfortunate for the Gov
ernment, to know the details of opera
tions and an everlasting and ever-Increas
ing dissatisfaction with the progress of
the British army in South Africa. ¦
Amid the storm of disapproval of the
Vlakfontein affair and which the Govern
ment supporters are pouring out on the
War Office on account of the suppression
of news and the flagrant vagaries of the
censorship, the Liberal party, through its
hopeless differences of opinion, is obliged
to sit stupidly- and see the best oppor
tunity ever afforded pass out of its hands.
The extraordinary spectacle has been pre
sented of an advance radical newspaper,
the Daily News, patting the War Office
and Lord Kitchener on the back for sup
pressing the story of alleged Boer out
rages to British wounded, while the
Times and other Government, though less
radical, organs, like- them say the feeling
aroused In the general public, who have
up. to this time blindly and enthusiastic
ally supported the Government's war pol
icy, can scarcely be estimated.
There is little doubt that Lord Mil
ner and Lord Kitchener have had several
disagreements and the High Commissioner
does not want to return to South Africa
as long as the hard, high-handed General
Kitchener remains in control there.
LONDON, July 13.— The Vlakfontein in
cident has come near to spelling Water
loo for the Government. An apparently
unimportant incident, the censorship of
one- of the newspaper dispatches, has had
the effect. of crystallizing all the widely
differentiating^sorts of public dissatisfac
tion concerning the conduct of the war in
South Africa. This dissatisfaction has
long been pent up and now finds free
vent, not, strangely enough, through the
columns of the opposition newspapers, but
In the Government journals.
For months past the public belief in and
admiration for Lord Kitchener has been
waning and by some he is openly and
severely criticized. A rumor which can
not be substantiated is current that he
will shortly be succeeded in the command
of the British forces in South Africa by
General Sir Bindon Blood, who has been
operating in the Eastern Tran3vaal.
Should this change occur it would prob
ably be due to the differences of opinion
existing between Lord Milner of Cape
town and Lord Kitchener, and it would
be announced In the form of promotion,
accompanied by the statement' that the
operations in South Africa no longer jus
tified the presence of an officer of the
seniority of Lord Kitchener.
Storm of Disapproval .May
Cause His Recall to
London.
The English People Turn
Against the War
Commander.
CRITICS WROTH
AT KITCHENER
WASHINGTON, July 13,-Secretary
Root left this evening for a tour of inspec
tion of the principal military stations In
the Middle west. -. He was . accompanied
by General Glllesple, chief of engineers,
and Colonel Randolph/ chief of artillery.
The party goes from here; to Buffalo. ¦
BRUSSELS, July 13.— Queen Marie Hen
rlette fell a victim to the extreme heat
which prevailed yesterday. Her Majesty
was playing croquet In the grounds of her
villa at Spa when she was overcome and
fell. She was carried indoors and soon re
covered consciousness. ":'. Her Majesty's
physician, however, was summoned to Spa
to attend her. . _: ¦ . _ :
Queen Faints From. Heat.
Fostofnce Department Makes Changes
in the Service and Pensions
Are Issued.
WASHINGTON, July 13.— The Postofflce
Department has issued the following:
Postmasters commissioned: California-
Clara J. Jose, Whitlock; Oregon — Charles
H. Baker, Walterville; "Washington—Hen
ry L. Shaffer, Nasel. Postmaster appoint
ed: Oregon— G. W. Vincent, Galloway,
Morrow County, vice H. E. Bartholomew,
resigned.
These pensions were Issued to-day: Cal
ifornia—Original—Henry J. Wllber, San
Diego, $6; Charles Cooper, Soldiers'. Home,
Los Angeles, $8; John Hickey, San Fran
cisco. $6: Hannibal H. Holford, Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles, $8. Supplemental —
Henry Rebstock. Ban Francisco, $4. In
crease—William P. Goolman, Los Angeies,
$12; Albert Daggett, Soldiers' Home, Los
Angeles, $12; Charles L. Libby, Kern, $8;
Joseph Staples. Santa. Barbara, $10; John
J. Thomson, Veterans' Home, Napa, $12;
Joseph C. Spongle, Veterans" Home,
Napa.. $8; Isaac N. Downey, Templeton,
$10. Original widows— Mary C. Smith, San
Francisco, $8. "Widows Indian wars—Sal
lie B. Reddick, Los Angeles, $8. •¦•
Oregon-Original-Samuel P. ' McKee,
Portland, $6; John Storan, Portland. $6. In
crease—Clark T. Ryckman, Clackamas
$17. Original widows— Frederlcka. K. Fry,
Mount vernon, $8.
"Washington-Original— Frank P." Con
nelle, Tekoa, $6; Harvey J. Burkett, White
Salmon, $6; William w. French, Seattle,
$12. Additional — Cyrus B. Bondurant, Ort
ing. $10. Increase— William Fannin, Stella
coom, $10.
LITTLE ROCK. Ark., July 13.— The town
of McRae, four, miles north of Beebe, was
almost wiped out by flre last night.
MEMPHIS, Tenn., July 13.— Fire to-day
destroyed the plant of the Snyder head
ing factory. Loss $50,000. , ..
0E INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OE THE PACIFIC COAST
This movement, he believes, will com
mence In America, where he believes the
economic conditions are Inferior to those
of Germany and France, especially the
latter, which, he maintains, is the sound
est country in the world, owing to the
distribution of wealth between the agra
rian and metropolitan classes. -
Bookwalter spent the greater part of his
time living among: and closely studying
peasantry, and he Is thoroughly convinced
that a crisis is imminent between the
urban and rural populations of the world.
In the rise in the price of grain he sees
the beginning of a struggle of the agri
cultural element against the concentra
tion of capital in cities.
Italy almost from end to end, crossed the
Apennines, went over the Saint Gothard
Range and wheeled over the mountainous
roads of Switzerland.
Taylor has a long record of crime and
was in Jail awaiting trial for holding up
and robbing a passenger train on'the Gulf
Colorado and Banta Fe Railway near
Coleman, Tex., two years ago. Taylor
and other members of his band were cap
tured by State Rangers after a desperate
chase of several hundred miles, but short
ly after arrest he broke Jail and was nt
liberty for several months. He was" cap
tured a second time and on the trial of
one of his accomplices the latter turned
State s evidence and placed the blame for
the robbery on Taylor. The accomplice
was given his liberty in return for his
testimony.
¦ Taylor vowed vengeance, and a short
me thereafter he again escaped from
Jail. He got on the trail of the accom
plice who turned State's evidence and aft
er a chase of 300 miles he came upon the
man in a cow camp near the Rio Grande
The two men had a desperate duel wl 4
pistols at short range and . Taylor kiliea
his former companion. Shortly after this
Taylor was recaptured. He said that he
left Jail for the purpose of killing the
man who had turned State's evidence and
that he had another old score with a cer
tain man before he would be satisfied. It
is thought that he has gone in search of
this man, whom he has vowed to kill.
AUSTIN. Tex.. . July 13.— The Federal
authorities of .this district are much
aroused over the escape yesterday from
the jail at Brownwood, Tex., of Bill Tay
lor, the notorious train robber and mur
derer.
Special DiBpatch to The Call.
BREAKS JAIL
TO DO MURDER
Copeland, Who Killed a Man out
Train, Wanted for Alleged
Embezzlement.
OMAHA. July 13.— Ned Hartley Cope
land, who last night killed A. P. Rogers
on a Union Pacific train near. Rawllns,
Wyo . was a trusted teller in the Nebras
ka National ' Bank -. In this . city for ten
years prior to August, 1899. He left the
city at that time, ostensibly for a sum
mer vacation and visit to the Eastern
At the bank Copelahd was designated as
the "B. and M." teller/he having charge of
the deposits of the Burlington and Mis
souri Railway. A month after his de
parture the Burlington account at the
bank showed a shortage of $10,000. Half
of this amount was made good by Cope
land's brother-in-law and the remainder
by his* bondsmen. .The bond company
that acted as his surety has been look
ing for Copeland ever since the shortage
•was discovered, but has been unable to
lecate him. • ' ; "¦ '
Henry W. Yates,* president of the- Ne
braska National Bank, said that Copeland
had , been leading a fast life for. some
tine prior to hla departure from the city,
and he thinks this, • with ~- his other
troubles,* caused him to partially lose his
vmind..-" ": :', ¦ •¦— -C?".
OFFICERS HAVE SOTJGHT
A PASSEN'GEH'S SLATTER
For the -benefit of those of my friends who
don't know the situation. I want to Bay that
there Is a grreat deal of animus on the part of
Fethers and his followers back of this proceed
ing The cause for this bitter feeling on his
part consists of my refusal to support him in
1896 and again In 1898. for supreme vice chan
cellor. He succeeded In being elected In 1898
at the convention held at Indianapolis and after
the contest was over threatened to drive me
out of the order.
I again refused to support him 1 for supreme
chancellor at the Supreme Lodge session held
at IJetrolt tn 1900. This action of mine seem
ingly-added to his enmity to me. Being su
preme chancellor he was ex-offlcio a member
of the board of controf and I was president of
the board, re-elected at the Detroit convention.
They claim that I voluntarily resigned. That
is not true; they made It Impossible for me to
continue as president, having long previously
contended that the president of the board ought
to devote his entire time to the business of the
rank and be paid a salary commensurate 'with
the service. Taking- advantage of this expres
sion of mine, a resolution was offered to that
effect and to be consistent I had to vote for it.
The resolution passed and, of course, I re
signed, because the endowment rank could not
pay the salary 'which I could afford to accept.
These are the exact circumstances under
which I resigned and no other. "When I re
signed as president I also desired to resign aa a
member of the board, but my request was vig
orously opposed by the whole board, and I con
cluded to continue as a member of the board.
Taking up the charges made in the re
nort of the Supreme Lodge, Hlnsey justi
fies his course in financial matters, and
his Btatement closes by saying:
"I am not ! Indebted to the endowment
rank to the extent of one cent, and have
not used any of its funds for my per
sonal benefit, neither directly or Indi
rectly." ¦¦ ' ' " '- ¦ ' ¦
CHICAGO, July ll-John 'JL Hlnsey,
former president of tho board of control
of the endowment ranV of the Knights of
Pythias, made n statement to-day regard
ing the report of Supreme Chancellor Og
den H. Elthers and the board of control
to the special convention of the Supreme
Lodge Just held in this city. Hlnsey says:
CHICAGO, July 13.— Wealthy December
has wed penniless May. and an attempt
to keep it secret has failed. James A.
King, whose wealth Is estimated at $10,
000,000 and who has beautiful homes In
this city and in Pasadena. Cal., and Miss
Maude Morrison were married last Thurs
day at the residence of the bride's mother
In Morrison, 111.
The bridegroom is 72 years old, the bride
but 26. They are enjoying their honey
moon at the Victoria Hotel in this city,
HINSEY MAKES
STRONG DENIAL
h ?*t; WPSj 1 ** been an ardent admlreB
of Miss Morrison for four years. He laid
constant siege to her heart, but while she
esteemed him for his character an!
achievements she hesitated, not certain o£
her love.
It took a trip to Europe and a year oi
musical study In Continental capitals' to
acquaint her with her own desires. Sha
Is a tall brunette, the daughter of the
late S. W. Morrison, who was a merchant
of Morrison. The bridegroom sained hla
wealth In lumber. King's first wira died
twelve years ago. He has no children. -
The marriage was kept secret until to*
flay, and was a surprise even to the clos
est of King's friends and equally ao ta
Miss Morrison's friends. #¦«•«¦
riarriage of flulti-nillionaire James A. King
to fliss flaude florrison.
• - . ,' ¦ "~~ — "• *
Special Dispatch to The Call-
WEALTHY DECEMBER TAKES
PENNILESS HAY FOR BRIDE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 14, 1901.
19
For sale at Market-street store only.
For safe nt Market-street .store only.
TABLE NO. 3- REMNANTS OF SILK-FINISH CASHMERE.
Very soft and pretty for.street or evening wear; old rose, v cream, pink,
baby blue, reseda, helio, nile and two shades of golf red: 36 inches
wide; usually sells at 40c a yard. Any remnant in the lots for sale to-
morrow at 21c yard
TABLE NO. 2-REMNANTS OF LONDON TWEED SUITINGS.
Light and dark oxford gray mixtures ; brown, navy, and also a fast mid-
night black; full 56 inches wide, and a most serviceable cloth for outing
suits, short skirts, cycling costumes, etc; remnants from 2# to 7 yards.
Jong. All our $1.00 grade for the sale 40c yard
And now we start the second week. Hundreds of pieces
will be orr the tables to-morrow which have never been shown
before. We have thousands of remnants still in the stock-
rooms—the accumulation cf six months' business, the ammu-
nition for the greatest remnant sale, in the history of San Fran-
cisco. Extra salespeople, extra table room and extra delivery
wagons for to-morrow will make buying easier.
TABLE NO. I— REMNANTS OF FANCY RBDFERN CHEVIOTS.^
Pin, or broken check effects; also some neat mixtures in medium and
dark shadings; fcr children's dresses, wrappers, /etc.; from 35 to 38
inches wide and from 3 to 10 yards long. Thta is a regular wool Cheviot
1 that sold over our counters for 50c a yard. Any remnant 17c yard.
For safe at Market-street store onfy.
Second Week ot Our
GREAT REMNANT SALE!
, We want to apologize to all those who could not be waited
upon last week.
Oar remnant sale brought the biggest crowd of eager buy-
eis we have had since Christmas. . \
REMNANTS
REMNANTS
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TTree trial packages of a most remark-
«tuii, remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured bo many men who had bat-
tled fcr years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute free
trial packages to all who write, it is a
home treatment, and all men who suffer
Irom any form of sexual weakness result-
ing from youthful folly, premature los»
of strength and memory, weak back, varl-
cocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where it is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success In
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute, 228 Elektron building. Fort
"Wayne, Ind., stating that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptls'. The Institute is de-
rirous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed and the free samples will enable them
to see how easy lt Is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness when the proper remedies
are employed. The Institute makes no
restrictions. Any man who writes will be
sent a free sample, carefully sealed in a
plain package, 6O that Its recipient need
nave no fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers are requested to write
Srtthout delay. : ¦ - .- _-- - '
to All Who Write.
A Free Trial Paekajre Sent by Mall
Quic kly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
SENT FREE TO MEN!
I GLOVE ]
I PARASOL I
f BARGAINS. I
• . v " : #
• With us July Is stocic ta&tns A
(fl month. "We ax» having «Tb5 S
0 CliEANINO UP SAI4EX 2
A Here are some Special Baryatoa A
2 for this week: -«*•»»«#
9 40 dozen LADIES' QATTWTT.-prrg 2
with latest military cxdt»j for drlvw X
• Ing, bicycling, traveling an4 coon- 2
8 £%£k?*& 8
#;;tnode, gray, pearl, bnff and whttet. •
price $L Reduced to^63c #
•> 50tt dozen L.AI>IES' REAI* trm 9)
9 GLOVES, with latest Btltchlsgs •
a and clasps. In all colors and sizes. A
Z Have always sold at JL Bale price Z
9 - - — ..~...«.-.74o a
Z CHILDKEarS PTNE3T QUAX- a
T ITT FRENCH KTT> GUOVES, per- S
g f ectlon of fit and finish. Formerly 2
O sold at U and JL25. On sale this •
• week only for ¦ n.m .65c •
8 Special Note About Parasols. 8
• We are offering LADIES' PARJU 5
0 SOLS In larcre and email sizes that •
9 formerly sold for *8. fT. J3, (9 and 9
A HO for the ridiculous low prices of a
1 ~~ —^2.50 ancrs3.00 2
2 . We have many such bargains we 2
r cannot tell you about. Ton must •
• come and sea the goocla to > ««nj2re-«-, p O
• date them. - »> - '9
f MOSS? I
{GLOVE STORE!
5 1210 Market St, $
• Between Taylor and Jones. 9
• N. B.-Cut thJ3 oat and lavestl* O
•rate. 9
Dad way's]
U Pills
Purely vegetable,. mild and reliable, Cknaeti
perfect disestion. complete ahjorptloa «aJ
healthful reculartty. ~1
For the cura of all disorders of ti}« Stomach j
Liver. Bowels. Kidneys. Bladder. FemaJ« ir-
regularities. Blck Headache. Bllloti»naa», - Con-
Btlpation, Piles and all . derausexnenta of tba
Internal Viscera. 2So a box At Prantita qs
by mall. RADWAT h CQ. t N«w T«k^
Pile Cure.
Mrs. Aaron Medron of Savannah. Ga., writes:
"I had piles and rectal trouble for years until
It was unbearable any longer. As I had ofter
seen Pyramid iFlle cure advertised I determined
to' try lt and for two years . have never ceased
to congratulate, myself that I did bo for I have
been entirely cured of rectal troubles, and twe
packages of the Pyramid did It."
, The Pyramid' Pile Cure .contains no cocaine,
opium nor any. Injurious drug whatever, .and Is
absolutely safe,* painless and never falls to cure
piles to; any form. ;¦ *•¦ . v N^ ' ; • . '
, Druggists sell "full sized treatment of thlj
remedy : for 60 cents. "-> v v
PraSses Pyramid
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MISCELLANEOUS.
the remnant tables at v . Jt2jXq cac h
For sale at Market-street store only.
Remnants of Cotton Goods !
REMNANTS OF DOTTED SWISS—
Small, medium^nd large dots and fancy stripes; for bedroom curtains.
etc.; from i}4 to 354 yards long and 1 yard wide; an elegant 20c quality
on the remnant tables at. He yard
For safe at Market-street store onfy.
REMNANT SALE OF BLANKETS— " f
Big enough for double beds; some are slightly soiled, and there are not
many in the lot; our great $4.00 blankets to go on the remnant tables to-
morrow at .$2.95 each
. ¦ . For safe at Market-street store only.
REMNANTS OF LAWNS AND DIMITIBS—
Light and medium shades of the 7j£c and 12&C grade in remnant length*
all this week .....4c yard
For safe at Market-street store only* .
REMNANTS OF HUCK TOWELS—
For hotels, rooming-houses and family use; an odd lot; hemmed, ptire
linen and a good size; sold at 16 2-30 each; the balance of the lot on
S
E
¦ ' 0
JE* So is cash when you take it to PATTO- 8
JavW\ SIEN S. Little cash buys GESMMT** 8
¥^^U4$^^^ standard furni- •
K' l^^^p^^4"l^W > *f' ; '^^j7 ture. install- nfpjjW>ff^%~~£ g
ment means en- W^^^O |
'^c.SgaiSfvSr 'i\ ' ¦ HAiiu^iciND piece g
4lMPr\ \jP*fc* " at-a-Time" plan means 55^™^^ •
$$& V peace all the time. •
A'OTF. WHFRF KOBLE, ISN'T IT? |
S2I ci-ri? R " ¦ ¦ raS^^^fe^^s^P} What a chair for the " rcst - S
SHE SITS. ¦ IgJ^As^? !i <?X^^ 8^agEg!Sa fcl . cure"! Hand-buffed leather, g
These beautiful Daven- • solid steel frame. A $50 value. 2
ports, in English Tapestry Goes this week for... $32.00 %
or French Velpur, carved \Q^^£^^::^ f ;lfh¥^}^^ '. . - - §
legs, oak or mahogany V^., , , . 1 ?Jplr>i^*f^-r5Z=7fn- ITiHggsffiBMaSa — «^ i - l l 1 1 "*fc?^ •
frame, your own choice of :*&sifr/^^M^ (fliabAcfcfesSHi ' f S
colors, and our own art Vr — 1 . - . : 1 •/ ¦ yP/TN f A^il #
make. Away with them )Ui ' " J/flSEV W*» 6 H I ' 'A
this week for...... S?27.5O <"> VCJ M* I TJ_jMj. ' 3
H f i) ®i Wffi?) \\ W rd^ ed plenty f rames : have >em JTSgl hU SjT 9
YUi$ w if vlD ns » our own make. This *~-™&i v
C^ y'lLii /^i lounge opens bedwise, so you »DT IM thp a
/r^\ " CTL^PS Vi^ i *' don't lay on the veiour. Your AKI 1W IHO g
viii^ *Sr P^k °^ fifty designs this week. BEDROOM •
/wiTOv S16.00 t •
<iLilj)U I ;• ' Y Is our study. See this triumph of #
Dl ATF rtllO TARI FQ © ????????????^??$ 1 © taste and art! Perfect jn design, cast- 9
ALL C INA U RONV BLBS | HOW THE 1 •
And th:n how far do you think they'd fto? | DATTHSIFIV AY f our best wishes and guarantee for. ... 5
Well 'twould be a long distance. We * wr*\sc£ $ ' • • ¦ ' $16.75 g
offer an exceptional snap this week in 2, SLICES f A wnrri mnr. ,i, n i,> u n n.^. ti A
£%^£^±S&S^S ! The 'down-town prices! I che\p° o^are^ woVthlesfank^ |
Ie4- io- flet dos^d^Tdght feet^hen I Cash does it! The safe ' cer " I ones are worth no more than g
?i«- rni? SS ? tai " "piece-at-a-time" plan ¥ we charge for them. Fifty styles to 5
SSsSZSg^gfSfgZ J^SfesI^-! choosefrom - ' ' I
j&mmsbtiss,*. f AXifllNSTERS and J P^^ ""s^a •
"^WVxf^^Vt^i^ iMuyuo 1 1 no. X I 11 •
W^^pK^&^Mt^! Spring designs: down-town I f j ©
VS^§»^^^^^^^§»^''' 4> "little payment" stores say <*, .3 r^*^-MlWj^ jj^j^^^tj ©
l^^^^^^^m | yards w^ide 0 ; the* Hjghyentl j' S 9 ©
; =s^?,':i*§;i£ : S3j0SESsSSr »i -* DvfLli t5rCLJooI-Lo <y . >»
¦ — rffi' ~~Lr» ' ' ' "^~'l t> L ? well ' s » Bigelow's and | A CORNER TIP, %
J Whittal's latest A wow-^ Here . s one of our ideas for the ©
W ? S° W w ° nder wher f th * Bl * ? empty parlor corner. Fill it with one ®
>@^J^ "*^^S^ <-v Rent stores are for $150 £ of these clever chairs; mahoR any fin- g
? and $1.75- Easy with us this | ish; either in silk tapestry or ve i our . g
A CHAIR FOR AfiE ' I W ' * " ¦ I made to order « you like; colonial 9
FnP ?HH n Sp ?Af,F ?ROLL ON! <?> &«*.. and spring seat, remember. ©
V . *f ni f" L ',^ 1^ O/UiE. Sanford's ? Isn fc lt an eas y P in money buy this ®
Gee! But there's easy times and soft <$> . on roil 01 aantora s ¦> *- j q
rest in every fold of it, isn't there? Cane I best Tapestry Brusse s, bor- week lor ,....^.»U #
from the ground up, our o;vn make/a | $%%£?£. I I All the old world'>-Our| S
splendxd special value for §3. , o Z r | tapestries velours are direct- O
CLEAN UP FOR THE | $r.oo and more if they "lit- | ly imported by us, and all our g
CHRISTIAN SOLDIERS. I tie-payment" you. Our can- f parlor, furniture is made in our §
Start with your lace curtains. Our % did cash slash this week^^. . X own big factory. This saves do- A
prices this week will encourage you to f 75c mestic freight and local middle- ©
tear down the curtains you put up in q^^^^^^^^* men - %
good faith ten years ago. " «_. . q
10 Dollar Values this week. ? 5-00 1 T^ TT W^ l^T 9 i^\ ©
13 Dollar Values this week 10.00 IIA fl g IK | | l%%h. *
25 Dollar Values this week...... 15.00 %& #M I 111 1 i^ It •
Full lines to quick comers only — Brus- g fcJa {I « v k V I I" iw ®
sels, Battenburg, Cluny, Saxony Brus- J|. 1 B. JL JL %*r « Samd JL V Smir ®
sels and French curtains — the last special ©
imported and sold for less than foreign ' » g
bord e era?d C Cign redreamSinteXtUre I6th ekUQ MlSSiOH StS. §
"ALL ROADS LEAD TO ROME—ALL CARS LEAD TO PATTOSIEN'S." %
%9999&99QQ0W9999999999e99*0*99)99999909**0Q*099*9*90tf9990Q99909*t99%
I j I o|l 3IiOCS j 11 .
M ¦ : B
|g Now is the time to buy tan M
M shoe s.f We are "closing out ||
M. our tan stock, and have cut jj|
lH the prices on every pair in g
!§ order, to get them out in 'a g
|j hurry. We can better afford lj
H; to stand these reductions now i§
H than to tie up our stock in g
jl tan shoes during the winter j§
|j and be burdened with an old §|
H stock next summer. Our sale H
g will continue until' all are fH
j§ sold. Now beinjf shown in g
H the window. B
j LADIES' TAN OXFORDS- Jj
H Odda and ends with French §
=| or leather heels— some Bold as ||
== high as $5.00— miscellaneous lot s
== —closing out price 65c pair m
|j LADIES' TAN LACE SHOES— |
§y In' kid or Russian calf— a H
= . good line of sizes to be closed £=
=j out at .......... ...S2.O5 pair §f
¦ LADIES' TAN SHOES- ¦
§{! Laird, Schober & Co.'s make W--
= —button or lace — Louis XV or il
==: leather heels — miscellaneous S
g§ assortment— $5 and $6 shoes to j§p
p be closed out at... 83, 35 pair |p
1 MISSES* TAN SHOES— . ¦
B Laird, Schober & Co.'s make HI
M —odds and ends of our $2.50 »
s .line to be closed out at.. is
j ... ............... . . . . 81.0O pair M
j§ All of our $3.50 tan shoes, H
s=- this season's make, high or H
p= low cut. for ladles or gentle- H
|=f men— will be closed out lrre- =
== spective of value at s
i§ • 82. SO pair g
M VsEN'S TAN OXFORDS- jj
g Johnston & Murphy's make— S
= selling everywhere at $6.00— to
g : be closed out at. . -83.85 pair Ig
1 MEN'S TAN SHOES- jj
1§ Hand-welted— our great $3 00 H
s leader, to be closed out at... 1=
m '••'••'•••• ••• •82.4Opaif jj
jj MEN'S TAN SHOES- 1
HI Odds and ends and small §
H= sizes — narrow widths... ***•*•*
HI • Sl.OO'pair g
m % oiCKE.\jH# 1
KJ33 MARKET STC.&E-/MIMis3 Hill resides in Alameda, and Is ons
of the most popular of the pretty girls of
the Tivoli chorus.
Colverd was just starting- for the thea
ter whan he heard Miss Hill scream, for
assistance. It was only a matter of a
minute for him to pull off his coat and
plunge into the water and* swim for the.
girl, who was sinking for the second time.
Colverd can swim as well as he can
play tho trombone, and he soon reached
the drowning pirl and bore her In safety
to the shore." It was a forty-yard swim,
and -when the gallant musician placed bis
dripping burden on terra firma he was
completely exhausted. A change of
clothes and several warm drinks quickly
restored the rescued and rescuer.
Mr. and Mrs. Colverd live In a trim lit
tle houseboat at Pleasant Cove, at th»
foot of Powell street, and Miss Hill was
their guest. Yesterday the girl went for
a swim. She was not many minutes In the
water before she got tangled In the ropes
attached to the boats, and her cries for
help came shrilly over the water.
Jack Colverd, the trombone player of
the Tlvoli orchestra, is a hero. Colverd
distinguished himself yesterday by sav
ing Mae Hill, a pretty little chorus girl,
from a watery grave.
Jack Colverd Saves
Pretty Mae Hill From
Drowning.
HEROIC RESCUE
OF CHORUS GIRL
The decision In the case of the woman
was postponed until August 26 and she
'was released on her own recognizance.
Becker attempted to make an explana
tion but the Judge would not listen to him.
Becker has been barred from entering
Judge. Mogan's court for over a year.
• "With regard to you, - Becker," con
tinued the Judse, "I believe ¦where there
is so much smoke there must be some fire.
I am convinced your interest in these
women is not from a motive of friend
liness. You are always hanging around
the courts and I .want you from this time
to keep away from my court, and I will
advise the other Judges to make a similar
order."
The Judge said he. believed the woman
and adjudged Potter guilty of contempt
of court. He sentenced him to twenty
four hours in jail. Potter protested that
he was innocent, but the Judge promptly
silenced him.
The woman declared positively that
Potter was the man who made the propo
sition to her. He at first asked $20 and
finally reduced the amount to $10.
Detective T. B. Gibson found Bert Pot
ter, a teamster, at his home, 348 Clemen
tina . street, yesterday morning and
brought him into court. He was sworn
and denied that he had made the proposi
tion to the woman to "fix" the case for
$29. He said he had never spoken to her
on the subject and only saw her once
¦when she was in the company of Abe
Becker, the saloon-keeper, and "Pinkey."
Judge Fritz continued his Investigation
yesterday of the alleged charge that some
one had offered to "fix" the case of Stella
Bolman, charged with grand larceny, for
a consideration in money.
Bert Potter, \ Teamster,
Ordered Into Custody
for Contempt.
JUDGE GRILLS
THE "FIXERS"
.SANTA CRUZ. July 13.-It is now learn
ed that the real name of . George " Linden,
who was found dead at- Boulder Creek a
few days ago, was William Scott. In early
days 'he -was ¦ a conductor on ;the San
Francisco and San Jose Railroad. : Aft
erward he. was a policeman in San Fran
cisco.'r At one time he.was'champion long
distance walker of the, Pacific Coast, win
ning a diamond-belt in a six-day walking
contest in" San Francisco. '
Dead Man Was "William Scott.
Captain Putnam Bradlee Strong, who is
sojourning in this city with Lady Francis
Hope, wife of the heir to the Duchy of
Newcastle, is likely to be court-martialed
and dismissed in disgrace from the United
States armv.
When the liaison of Captain Strong and
Lady Hope was exposed the military; man
at once sent his resignation by telegraph
to the. Secretary of War, fearing expul
sion from the army at the hands of the
authorities. Secretary Root accepted
Captain Strong's resignation immediately,
but on learning yesterday that' the gay
soldier was guilty T>f conduct unbecoming
an officer and a gentleman the War Sec
retary . at once withdrew his acceptance
of Captain Strong's resignation.
The "protector" of the ex-burlesque
singer and dancer, May Yohe, whose mar
riage to Lord Francis Hope placed her in
line of succession . to the coronet of a
Duchess of England, will be called upon
by the Secretary of War to forward by
letter the reasons for wishing to discard
the shoulder straps of an officer of ancle
Sam's army.
At the French restaurant on Geary and
Stockton streets the couple have-, given
strict orders that no one is to be allowed
to even approach their rooms.- The host
and the well 'trained garcons shrug their
shoulders when any inquiry is made for
Captain Strong or Lady Francis Hope.
Captain Strong sent his valet to the
Palace Hotel yesterday for his-mailand
telegrams. It is understood that one of
the telegrams was -from the Secretary of
War, who, in addition to notifying Cap
tain Strong that his resignation had not
been accepted, also ..ordered him to re
main in San Francisco on waiting orders.
Trouble Looms Ahead.
Lady Francis Hope is booked to sail for
the Orient next Wednesday on the Nippon
Maru. If Captain Strong attempts to de
part on the. same vessel he will be guilty
of -desertion from the army in the event
that the orders to remain in this city are
not countermanded by Secretary Root.
The flagrant violation of social ethics
by Captain Strong and Lady Francis Hope
is attracting the attention of the Pacific
Society for the Suppression of Vice. The
friends bf the couple informed them yes
terday of the arrest. in this city some
years, ago of the wife of a .well known
millionaire of Southern California and th«
man ! who accompanied her \ to this city.
The possibility of being taken in a patrol
wagon to the City Prison and charged
with adultery has made no change in the
menage maintained by Lady Francis Hope
and Captain Strong.' They are known as
husband ¦ and wife at "the restaurant to
which they fled after being ejected from
the California Hotel.!
Lady Francis Hope did not leave her
.apartments yesterday until the afternoon,
when, she accompanied Captain Strong
for a drive to the park in a closed car
riage.
:.The friends of Captain Strong are i say
ing. that he was very -much amused when
he read an account In a morning paper as
to Lady Francis Hope being identified by
her displaying the famous . diamonds of
the Hope family. May Yohe .when she
married- Lord Francis Hope was not pre
sented ¦with any of the famous Hope jew
els. They are . heirlooms and are in the
custody of the Duke of- Newcastle, the
elder. brother of May.Yohe's husband. The
glittering gems- worn -¦ by Lady Francis
Hope in this city may possibly be replicas
of the famous* Hope jewels. . Lord Hope .
when- he v/ent- into bankruptcy; did not
sell the family pictures, for the good rea-
Bon that, he did not have the paintings to
sell.'; He did sell some paintings that were
bequeathed to. Mm by the late Duke of
Newcastle, - who ; purchased them; during
his lifetime.; y >" ' •¦
. . Throws Away, a Coronet.
~ Lord Francis? Hope squandered a • for
tune of $3,000,000, and Is at present depend
ant ron' the bounty of ; his -brother, -.the
Duke of Newcastle. In the event of the
present ; Duke .dying" without' issue 7 Lord
Francis Hope would become eighth I Duke
of Newcastle, : with a princely income and
the. superb country seat of Clumber,
Worksop,' Notts.' • ¦ -; >-' ¦
•In deserting: Lord Francis Hope for the
society of Captain' Strong, May. Yohe has
lost • her chance of r one -\day- becoming
Duchess of Newcastle, one: of the proud
est titles in\ England. .-„ : : .
.Thefamlly • of^Lord Francis Hope , op- '
Uselessness of Cdurt-Martial Is Apparent, as
the Captain Wants to Leave Army.
posed his marriage to May Yohe, but
there was a reconciliation after a time.
There is no possible doubt now that
Lord Hope will soon divorce his actress
wife.
When Mayor Strong of New York died
he was rated as a millionaire. His estate
¦was appraised, however, at $125,000, of
which amount Captain Strong, his son, re
ceived about $30,000. In the few months
that have elapsed since Captain Strong
secured his inheritance he has lived at a
rapid gait, and It is generally stated that
his means are almost exhausted.
Whether May Yohe will dispose of her
jewels in order to maintain her relations
with Captain Strong Is a doubtful ques
tion. She has always been fond of the
pleasures of Hie; and many men have lav
ished fortunes Jn entertaining her. She is
known to have objected seriously when
she married Lord Hope to using his fam
ily motto on her stationery. The motto
of the Hope family is "Loyalty knows not
shame."
A Washington dispatch says:
The War DeDartment does not desire . that
Stro'ng should complicate his case by any Ill
advised action. He may be able to make an
explanation, the officials nay, which will b?
entirely satisfactory and which will admit of
his retention in the service. The department
does not, of course, desire the retentiort of any
officer gruilty of scandalous conduct, but there
is certainly a disposition to be lenjent to
ward Caytaln Strong. There Is no intention
to appoint a court of inquiry to make an In
vestigation, nor Is it proposed to hold a court
martial. The uselessness of a. court is appar
ent when CaDtain Strong stands ready to
Bever his connection with the army.
It was. the understanding of the department
that financial matters connected with his
father's . estate were the cause of Captain
Strong's action. His explanation, called for
By/;, Secretary Root, will now be officially filed
with other papers regarding hia military
career. •
Strong- and his companion ' left the
French restaurant last night, . having se
cured private apartments. They departed
in secrecy.
¦ .¦ • •
LEAVES HUSBAND FOREVER.
Lady Francis Can Hardly Hope for
' ' ' ' Eeconciliation.
NEW YORK, July 13.— There is no
doubt In* the minds of the friends of Lady
Francis Hope in this , city that she went
to San Francisco with Captain Strong
two weeks ago.' She had previously made
up her mind to sail for England to accept
overtures ; for reconciliation which had
been made by her husband.
All who. knew her. were aware of the
fact that she and Captain Strong had
been Infatuated with each other ever
since they met in Paris several years ago.
Captain Strong continued his attentions
after she returned to this country last
November, and Lord Francis finally *went'
to England, leaving his wife here. The
Duke. of Newcastle, Lord Francis" elder
brother, came to this country and tried
to patch up the differences.. Lord Francis
returned soon afterward, having • sold
Deepdeem • in Surrey, an estate which he
had inherited from his mother. His wife
did not meet him, though he had asked
her. to do so, and he joined his brother at
the Savoy Hotel. . '.
After a trip through the South with the
Duke of Newcastle Lord Francis returned
to England. Recently it was '; announced '
that he had written to his wife, offering
her a final chance to return to him. She
was strongly, advised to accept the offer.
Captain - Strong himself agreeing that: it
would be the wisest thing she could do.
; Lady Francis gave up her apartment on
July 1, and told all her friends that she
was going to England. She .was to have
saiied two weeks ago. ; Her friends ¦ fear
that their presence In San I Francisco to-'
gether -has. not only seriously affected
Captain Strong's career but has also pre
vented any possibility that the^Hopes will
makeup their differences. ' ¦ . .
WAR DEPARTMENT INCLINES
TO BE LENIENT WITH STRONG
One of life's peculiarities is that the
¦world is seldom watching a man when he
Is doing good.
While celebrating the Fourth of July
with a loaded pistol James A. Mahon, a
plumber, residing at 606 Ellis street, acci
dentally shot himself in the left hand.
He had the wound treated at the Central
Emergency Hospital and for .several days
experienced notrouble with It. Two days
ago blood poisoning set in' and he died
last night at his home.
Died From Pistol Wound.
A Good Business Manager Will Posi
tively Do as He Says.
In accepting the management ol the Bee
Hive Shoe Co., 717 Market street, I prom
ised Mr. H. Lesser, proprietor, that the
original stock of $65,000 worth of shoes of
the Portland shoe factory would be dis
posed of by August 3. Now, In order to
redeem my promise will do as follows:
5000 pairs of ladies', men's, boys' and girls'
f hoes must and will be sold (aside of other
shoes). Namely, I will place on an Im
mense table to pick from shoes that are
worth between $2.50 and $3.J>0 and wili sell
the same, beginning to-morrow, for 75c a
pair. What is left at the end of the week
will be sold on the following Monday for
50c a pair, for all must be sold. Now. if
this does not sell the shoes I don't know
what will. So better be ready for your
first choice to-morrow at 75c a pair of
Fhoes at the factory sale of shoes, 717
Market St., near Third. W. F. Pipher,
Manager. . •
It. W. Card and Josephine Belmour,
a Salinas Belle, Mar
ried.
E. W. Card, bookkeeper of the Spreckels
sugar, factory and refinery, at Spreckels,
and Miss Josephine Belmour, a Salinas
belle, were quietly married at noon yes
terday at Trinity Church. Rev. Clifton
Macon officiating. The bride was attended
by Mrs. Irving Bllnn, who acted as brides
maid. L. W. Grant was best man.
After a breakfast at a downtown
restaurant. Mr. and Mrs. Card left for a
bridal tour in Southern California.
HIGH NOON WEDDING
AT THINITT CHURCH
The engineers' bureau of the Board of
Public Works is preparing to send out
two parties of surveyors into the interior
of the State for the purpose of reporting
on the cheapest and most available
sources of water supplies intended for ul
timate acquisition by the municipality.
The Board of Supervisors has appropri
ated the sum of $20,000 for the investiga
tion of public utilities and under an agree
ment with the Board of Works $4000 will
be voted to the water investigation.
The first party of surveyors will leave
this city next Wednesday. It will be in
eharge of Assistant Engineer J. R. Price,
who will have seven men under him — a
leveler, transit man, four helpers and a
cook. His destination is Altamont. from
which place he will proceed to the Liver
more Valley and survey the streams con
tiguous to Niles Canyon. The second
party will leave a week from to-morrow
and will be under the direction of As
sistant Engineer F. R. Reed. He Is to
report on the Tuolumne River as a source
for water to be supplied to this city.
Each party will be gone ¦ about three
months, provisions for that period having
been ordered.
WILL INVESTIGATE THE
VARIOUS WATEB SUPPLIES
Board of Works Ssnds Out Two Par
ties of Surveyors to Beport
Thereon.
After referring to -the formation of
trades guilds 'in 'the -ancient days of Eng
land, the ; whole: history :»¦ of the trades
union movement is considered up to date
with? a view, of "establishing *a precedent
for the present strike of the ironworkers.
Over the signature- of ¦ William < J. Mc-
Cabe, president of the Iron Trades Coun
cil, a lengthy statement reviewing the his
tory' of the struggles of the machinists
and other ironworkers has been issued.
The statement is prompted by the * pro
posed conciliation programme which it -is
now. being attempted to carry out In this
city, and contains no new. facts relating
to the controversy. ' : ;-
. Pickets were placed yesterday in • front
of the two markets boycotted by the La
bor Council on Friday night. .
President,' Michael W. Coffey; vice president;
John Hudspeth ; recording secretary, * John
Dowling; financial secretary, '. John ¦¦< O'Kane;
trustees, William O'Kane, M. Kelly, - Joseph
Kerr. . :^ -,<;-..;: . -, • ¦- . v " ¦; • - -: ... .
The iron-molders, twenty-five in num
ber, employed in the Eureka Foundry, on
Beale street, and the Liberty Foundry, on
Main street, have been ordered out.; It is
claimed that these .foundries' were doing
work for "unfair" shops.
The Hackmen's Union has elected the
following officers: ,""¦-'.¦ ,.* ' . > r . :
Representatives from the Iron Trades
Council had a conference yesterday morn
ting with members of; the conciliatory
committee. A modification of the demands
heretofore made will probably . be submit
ted within the next forty-eight hours. The
matter is now under consideration, and
¦while the local council has the ' power to
adjust the matter, advices as 'to . the
course to pursue are anxiously awaited
from national headquarters.
French Laundry "Workers' Union, and Shirt
Waist and Laundry Workers' Union No. 23,
Jacques - Bouscat, Simon Fortayon; San Fran
cisco Laborers' Union No. 8944, Thomas Rea
gan; Coopers' International Union, W. F. Col
b«rt and James Clark; Cigar Makers' j Union
No. 228. J. C. Mlllan, F. Westcott, . H. Clem
ens; Retail Shoe Clerks, J. J. Fog^rty; Retail
Clerks' Association, I. A. Alvarez; Internation
al Broommakers' Union, Jamee Ournane; Sta
blemen's Union, Robert F. Gamble, Walter
Troy, Frank Miller, T. J. Flynn. John Har
rington, J. B. Coughlin; Iron Molders" Union
No. 164. Frank Waeker, T. Eermlngham, I. A.
Sullivan, William McCabe, H. Drew; Lead
Workers, J. Becker.
Delegates to the Labor Council have
been named by various unions as follows:
The Wine Bottlers' and . Cellermen's
Union has affiliated with the council and
designated M.^A. McKlnnon and W. -E.
Downs as its delegates. A schedule of
wages is being prepared. >¦;.< ¦ .
• President, W. G. Goff; vice president, "*M.
Casey; secretary and business agent, Ed
Rosenberg; assistant secretary, H. Gallagher;
financial secretary, P. H. Coyle; treasurer, W.
E. Walker; sergeant at arms. F. Johnson.
The election will take place on the last
meeting night this month.
Another matter of local Import, the clos
ing of Butchertown, is also in the hands
of the executive committee. ' H. W. Hut
ton has been engaged as counsel to prose
cute the matter, first through the Board
of Supervisors and later through the
courts of the State. - According to Secre
tary Rosenberg, the franchise granted the
wholesale butchers to .maintain the
abattoirs In their present location was
obtained about the year 1869 for twenty
years. Subsequently by ordinance of the
Board of Supervisors the time -was ex
tepded. It Is claimed that this ordinance
may be revoked at any time. Should that
fail under the charter a demand will be
made for a referendum vorl on the ques
tion of its removal. Action on the matter
will be requested at the meeting of the
Board of Supervisors on Monday, i Officers
of the Labor Council for the ensuing year
have been named as follows: ,
Efforts to secure the assistance of the
.visiting Epworth Leaguers In the cause
of the continuance of the present Chinese
exclusion act are to be made by the San
Francisco Labor Council. If possible the
leaguers will also be initiated into the
mysteries of local boycotts directed
against two flrms— Sanborn, Vail & Co.
and Johnson's restaurant. A committee
from the executive committee of the coun
cil will seek a hearing before the conven
tion in order to exploit the views of the
labor organizations.
No definite plan - of action has ' as yet
been developed. It is proposed to use cir
culars if personal solicitation and ad
dresses will too much interfere with the
programme of the convention. In addi
tion to this, every member of the council
is expected to use his personal influence
with all those visitors with whom he may
be acquainted.
teen of the Employes, Grievance Committee.
ASK ASSISTANCE OE VISITORS.
Chinese Question to Be Presented to
- Epworth League Delegates.
In making: these requests we are actuated
only by a desire to protect our membership and
families. The hours now- worked and the
wages' Daid do not in any wise conmare with
those, in other sections of the country for sim
ilar work. We are under heavier living ex
penses than those employed as dock and ware
house men in San Francisco, where the wages
are far in excess of what we ask. • Again, the
work along 1 the bay shores of this county Is
never as steady as that In San Francisco,
which diminishes the chances of providing
proper support for our families and to educate
our children to properly enter the field of hu
man endeavor.
We trust, therefore, you will see that we are
enduring wrongs that must be righted, and
the committee would be glad to have you or.
your authorized representative advise them of
your concurrence in or rejection of these re
quests before 7 o'clock Monday morning, July
15, 1901. Respectfully submitted, ¦"*
A. N. DETHLEFSON, Chairman, and Thlr-
No man shall be dismissed from service be
cause, of his connection with this organization,
and no man shall be discriminated against on
account of serving on grievance committees of
the organization. . , ¦
• The time which constitutes a day's work
shall be nine consecutive hours, from '7 a. m.
until \i m., with one hour for luncheon, and
from 1 p. m. until 5 p. m. After 6 p. m. and
before 7 a. m. shall be considered as over
time and charged for at the rate of time and
one-half. Between the hours of 7 a. m. and 5
p. m. shall be considered as -regular time and
the amount charged therefor shall be $3 per
nine hours' labor; Sundays and holidays to be
considered overtime and charged for at ¦ the
rate of time and one-half.' Fractional portion
of regular time to ibe computed at the rate of
33 1-3 cents Der hour, and overtime at the
rate of 50 cents per hour. . . . „ •'
Gentlemen: The grievance committee repre
senting the Bay ! Counties ! Warehousemen's
Protective Association, an organization com
prising the majority of the men employed In
your warehouse at Vallejo, and affecting those
employed at piling', sack sewing . and truck
in?, prader men and at receiving and ship
ping, betr to submit the following 1 schedule of
wages and hours . of labor, . and urgently re
quest that the same become effective Monday,
July 15. at 1 a. m. - ¦' •
* ' SCHEDULE.
following firms
California and Hawaiian Sugar Refin
ing Company, Grangers' Business Asso
ciation, Balfour, Guthrle &yCo., G. W.
McNear & Co., E. J. De Pue and Glrvln
& Eyre.
The agreement which the firms refused
to sign is as follows:
There Is a strike pending among the
warehousemen at Crockett and the towns
between that place and Martinez. The
grievance committee of the Bay Counties
¦Warehousemen's i Protective Association
submitted an ultimatum " last week to
their employers, asking for $3 for a nine
hour work day, and time and a half for
overtime.
The warehouse owners" met last Thurs
day and refused to grant the demand.
They offered their employes thirty cents
per hour, straight timrf.wlth no extra pay
for overtime. The owners' schedule was
to go Into effect to-morrow if accepted.
The warehouse employes met Friday
night and decided to refuse to accept the
owners' schedule. Unless some -agree
ment is reached to-day the men will I all
be called out to-morrow. The threatened
strike will involve 512 men.
The employes' demand was sent to the
Unless Agreement Is Beached
To-Day, Men Will Walk
Out To-Morrow.
Employers Refuse' the
Demand - and Strike
Is Threatened.
WAREHOUSEMEN
WANT SHORT DAY
* •¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ - - - ' ,.
THE < SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNbAY, JULY .14, 19O1.
SAN JOSE, July 13.— The French resi
dents of this city commenced a two-day
celebration of the fall of the Bastile this
evening at Schuetzen Park. Fireworks
and dancing- opened the event. To-mor
row there will be all kinds of athletic
games and races, with dandnff and
speech-making:, ending with a grand tom
bola. There Is a good attendance and Jol
lity Is the order.
French Patriotism. Unloosed.
20
JOE BOSENBEHO'S.
JOE BOSENBERCr'S.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
job:: bosenbebq's.
JOB .ROSENBEBG'S.
Scrofula is an unwelcome legacy, but one which I \^^#<^7^3TK
the children of blood poisoned parentage must vL^m^Q^^^rf^Q.
accept, with all its humiliating consequences. It as M/rag^.
an inheritance that makes one poorer; that brings \M J.MW^-Z^^J
wretchedness and disease instead of health ard WMJ/fk V\ Ax"\rv
riches for the child whose ancestral blood is tainted WmlJ>F \ *¦¦£ < /<^H\
with Scrofula or the loathsome virus of Contagious IgSHP^-^^r. jfflls'vU \»
Blood Poison is unfitted for the arduous duties of jgy _ Xy^
Seek and throat, catarrh of the head, weak eyes, hip bone disease, white swelling
and offensive s^res and abscesses are fif^OTf^' *5£? The 3d? is
loss of strength, poor digestion and pale or bloodless complexion. The s^n W
sometimes mist dreadfully affected eruptions breaking °£ onall pa^of the .body-
Scrofula destroys bone, tissue and flesh ; no part of
Whea nineteen years old, and about one year ji^nta -whose blood is pois-
after tho tirth of xny first child, th« Kl»d» on b their own misdeedsj
ImHESSSS aaiwa-ssi:
X"ha5ewa. simply awfaL The doctors said I remote ancestor, must re-
had the worst case of Scrofula they had ever store own blood to its
seen. I took iodide of potassium, but this nor nonnal pur ity and strength,
the other druR« for thi. disease brought fa can not. expect
relief. When the physicians advised me to ha^ - Healtliy, robust children.
iSffi&'^S^'SSaJ&r^ SA o' sTk Secures Scrofula like
tttl terrible disease are left. other diseases of a deep-
JIES. BIOHABD WASSON, seated, consUrational charac-
Golden Corners, Ohio. restoring life and
nwfer to tie orofotmdly poisoned blood, and the rich, strong blood that is carried
to^K swSfen Mddisealed glands absorbs and destroys the tuberculous deposits,
«nd iL mmSl dSfiWing stres and other evidences of Scrofula disappear
end Uie pamful disfagurm^ the of the fi«t symp-
Mly J« thi SSnnation you dsire, for which we mate no charge. Book or
Bk-a-dsunDto-gtoj^ spEc|nc iMU , AN¥> ATLANTA . oa
Jg_ WEAK MEN j
g .Keme y cu.es c(/reg eur / ous wga^ ne5SSS an j failings of If
I. men. Purely vegetable. Guaranteed to curt. B
WXVIGORA-REMEDIO-TREAT^IENT IS NEARER FAILING IS RESULTS— CURES E|
•where air else fails— cures quickly all diseases of the nervous system and diseases h
I of the generative organs. The . complete treatment— ninety days' remedies costs but Pe
. $1. Sold under a positive guarantee. Invlgora Remedlo Treatment restores the lira of W
I youth, gives the bounce of real life, brlcgs to tho cheek & rich, ruddy glow and to th« fc
eye the sparkle of flre. Invlgora Remedlo Treatment cures quickly Impotency, Night f
Losses, Drains. Blues, Melancholia, Emissions. Prostatltls. VARICOCELB, STRIC-
, TUBE, . SPERMATORRHOEA, Insomnia, Constipation. Night Sweats, Facial Twitch- U
. Ings, Twitching of Ix>wer Lip, Loes of Sleep, Pains Over Eyes. Pains la. Back Pains S
Over. Liver, Kidneys, etc. Clgraretto, Tobacco and Liquor Habits find relief and curs 1
. In. the great' Kemedio Treatment. Ninety days' treatment-three months' remedla*- I
¦will be sent for One Dollar.' carriage paid. Send fl.OC.. Address . g
[M1LO MEDICAL CO., 40 EHis St., San Francisco, Cal. I
Sterling Furniture . !¦
I 7ti ih * nd * t0 ]i V*id every.
E thing from upholstery to
I W%zL jf /// itfWIr tinwart in fiur store— one
B M&M - * IMRSi saIesman '* show , you
I "isiliL !Ji^w * r9und > 0nt amount for
R I^'^^fessM^^I^ tverytbin§ and credit
I if ||i 1/ M Gobbler Seat
0 W, B 8 n Finished in either gol-
P «UM\lll *Vi^ij/ jfmT' den oak or mahogany
n --^^V^^^^^^^^O^U Broad high * backs,
u spreading arms — com-
d ]S Jj2^%Wli$^^~Q 11 f gt The r °cker is strongly
w *j^^*"^ ! *^rPy^^%kriM\l ' strengthened byan iron
y ffLma^iir^ss S S / Another sample of
gj ff '" j^x^ vih^ts STERLING value and
Q I^\ y ¦ "what we say. we do, we
1 We made 500 people happy at our last '- - _ ¦.
B tabouret sale, but lots of. late comers were /^lll'^ll!^ fl^a
? disappointed. A still better value this - % b |i2_V.IgM
fl week for the disappointed ones. Jpfl^S'Sl ([iy
aTaboupefs, 90c. fj__M
I Polished Quarter-sawed Oak
I or Maho^anized Birch
I " Picture tell the rest of the story "5oyir~ * |"
1 A T o maU or telephone order* for these goods accepted
II 'fi^W 1 9° r^P iece dinner Set, $7.
H l»£~Kr «» 'fn- imported set (English ware) but the
/l££&ig^S**iPl) ™ 1B DOt Vei7 cIear ~ heace th e special price
« I \lJ^??wr*fw Puritan WicKless Blue Flame
I SF^rtt I Oil Stoves
b' ' h Two Burners, $7. Three Burners $9.
I sfflf/ 1 , . '„"" ""rar . J he crockery show windows wUl be particularly
I '¦"¦J--»^=ailiiiii I interesting this week— crisp snappy prices.
P If after a feir trial .you should not agree with us that
I A Richmond Ran<5e
a IS f'h#* h^«4" hi* A __ 11 »jj^_ *^ -
n and in every way as srood or y^ff , |L^ttjLj»ui - ..ghiyw t
I better than you expected it to .
t be, we'll take it back and re- r)|^«^^^^^^^J
I your home with water back
I '3>3. down $1 'weeK %^ i *9b
I 51«' < li >B «¦•!*¦*• Jiaw you an account with us. ¦ ;V ;
R You can make the payments to euit your convenience.
j Sterling Fiarniture
L,^— j lO39^MarKet^StfftWt I _¦-__•
I ¦ ==0 > M»l»» McAtllmr — - -— \** m !^ a *Bi
-.¦-¦ . I , ----... . .... I ' /¦¦
CvOv^^.^^v335h^ui^^B IjqI Hh i^^^Bk AeS^^b cab 1 no t .*«.*.,.,..»... J*^ t* m^vsca Ail i, yj it «¦ A iTnP* rf,^^^^*
T' . them a bargain at ji.00. Our price.... 5Oc V tr xa ' tt -i
KoittedUnderwearDepartment. It WiU Pay Yon to Read This! In Onr Skirt Department. x VSt nl*2'J2fiS%*
have enoush on hand this week. TAFFETA RIBBON, in all the new- V * 1 "' 0 WE FIT THEM FREE.
75 dozen LADIES' AMERICAN . est SU mmer shades: width No. 7, hair »' -'• \V r ~i ft OUR ONE DOLLAR CORSETS ARB
SILK. VESTS, low neck and no .or neck ribbon width. Your opportu- AflOUier UOOfl OllC * WONDERS.
sleeves/crocheted around the neck, nIty ; 6c yard - fluumwi uuuu viiw. They are made of tha
run through with silk tape. Swiss ana LADIF*?' «5Tf»rTCTNO«?- thev are ITSI vcr y best Imported sateen.
5Sf;|£^|^^3| m Neckwear Department. W^^SjKs&ns M f^™?s/€i :
OaE MORE — LADIES fali>Jv vii<&J.o, ... * ve i,.,t *_ t >, o _ ,..„. Triiii-u- wnrth mL. -j\ ered or lace tops and bot-
made of the best jersey silk, Swiss -^ —^ 65 doze n LADIES' twieW Drice wTas? oer walr *Ke /mSSQ toms. mad© In the miUtary
ribbed, low necked, no sleeves, fln- Frj~- v, V -^ TURN-OVER COL- -"Tceine price we ask. per pair....«oc fij£g£*f straight front shapes; all i
ished with a two-inch silk lace, run *fis&S££KLtf33^ LARS, made of the .».-", »* «- w -i i a \Knz\J lengths and shapes that*
through with double row of silk tape, rtnest Swiss cmbroid- A Little ltCOI. DUt fill IfflpOTtilllt UI18. \3fMv Sive a perfect form: com© I
colors pink, blue, cream and white. .grr ery and neatest pat- . r f&^A ' in such makes as "W. B.,
Our way of selling.: oOc fey— * ; t-£teS«3 terns ever made; IT'S A DRESSING-COMB, made of -f» | R. O. and Thompson's
_. . ' - .' ¦ 1 -^ there are 50 different extra strong pliable rubber, in coarse glove-flttlng and many oth-
fCMI T* Ul~ styles to -choose from; one look will ajid fine polished teeth; the kind that ers. You save 75c by buying your cor-
M1K llfflSlS. convince you that they were never does not pull your hair. Regular 35c sets here this week for. Sl.OO
° fold. for less than 40c and 50c apiece, comb; our price 10c n^^.^± ms~±~ *.».. rt,:iJ-« —
Made of the very best Our clearance sale price 12%c ., b tOrSCt WaiSIS IOr tflllaTeil.
- quality of Vega silk, i«niliof finn/1 (ISfarinir frnm EYerV Lady WlSfleS .t0 DC BeaHlrflll. A The reliable FERRIS
open, ankle length, fln- AllOlfler UOOU Ulienilg irOHl ™ ir , . -. Prices? P%. WAISTS, made of tha best
Ished with crocheted fhir NpfA'WPflr DfTlflrtmPnt flt^fl quality sateen, colors white
top and run through V VU1 1^ VR " 6ai ¦ if«l«U UUW1L -^ L ADIES' WASH VEILS, made /fcsfls. and drab- buttons attached
with •. life tnnp'- -* colon LADIES' LINEN COLLAR AND of the finest netting, embroidered In /tf\ MjSr •"??. araD « ' ™«« . ZZtZZZ*
with silk tape, colors REVERE COMBINED, edged with dots and figures, also with embrold- (MW$>) wIth 1 _ a patent fastener,
black or white. If you Valenciennes insertion and lace to ered borders, ,50c and 75c would not be \W V lU, which wfll not pull off even
' are not In need of them match. Splendid value at...... .^.50c too much for these veils. This week's \" • jf In the washing. All sizes at
it will pay you to lay . r , I fl I PrICe •••25c extra low prices 23o
them aside at this price UIOVCS I UiOVeSl e M a | e a SpeCl- WOfth Reading.
••••••'• •.•••$1.50 The steady increase In >1 /K nltv nf MlMirnitur SOME PEOPLE CANNOT wear cor-
, /Y' ¦ v this department--week by /1/lfiL ' * MOUrHlUg others cannot wear waists, but
pAflfllAr Rnac at PrirPC that WK2==? week speaks well for our . (-^V l)m Vfiik here is a combination of both: it's a
rtaUlcr DOaS al ITICes Ifldl Vy values given. JI*A<k'/l • »C1!>. waist or a corset made of the best
•II i. • i. 11 IJ/L*. ' LADIES' RENOWN &g&s&r$>9jfik LADIES' nuaiitv «ateen in black and drab, hook I
Will aStOniSh all. kjm £ LO \ ES i m h d g,° f Pic t ke ? JPIiiii vV?T^ RN rt INC r orbu\Wfr?nt. n c U Ud hips, easy and
WzjjW French lambskin, patent J^§^^53w^% EILS, made of graceful effect to the figure. For
They have advanced in price, but not 7*77; „ , two-clasp fasteners, _^B|gS35^~£Srai| the finest black health and comfort this waist has no
so here. 43 inches Ions, made of Ren- stitched back; the kind that will not &£«3£«S6£gSS|sg • Brussels net, bor- equaJ for invalids; worth its weight in
uine good ostrich feathers, the kind rip because they are made that way;' «pgg d nf cd with rJt ne sold. Why not have a perfect figure
that keep their curl; extra long fibers, a 1 colors, including black. Extraor- Vt/Vl^l *» S$## silk crape. They f O r only Sl.OO
rich and lustrous in color, in black, dinary value for ...Sl.OO W' 1 •- sj^jy come in round . , _, - ,
I ?. a geSS<IS5n^c^ I p^fn c p h SS thYFacf o^Ho^^sAil^ifrFn? \&L$f A. ¦SS'JriS. D^ct from the Manufacturers
but not in quality Price S1O a crowd to this popular counter. We _ jSOTnsS^T always the low- i n Irpl'inrl 1
.-.". know byexperlence how much this -"*—*- est 50c ' u llwiailU.
Ladies' Shirt Waists at Less J^^i o^ggg«5. I S I S: ° Be Item irm l«* Department. §% 52k3«5i:
than Half PriCC. tra heav y Peruvian cotton or fine lisle, 5000 yards of NORMANDY and kY 0 at STITCHED
" mu "»•" I1 " n " double heels, double toes and double POINT DS PARIS LACE, made In all *U_2i > HANDKER-
S65 SHIRT WAISTS, made of the knees; soft, pliable and warranted fast the newest patterns, from 1 to 6 inches fCV »v«~" ?v^~Aj. CHIEFS % and %
best percale in plain-and dotted ef- blalk; air sizes. Our way of selling — wide; there is only a small quantity. *Sk !?: 5*-?fe? Inch hem. The best
fects, in pink, blue, and red; worth 2oc so come early for this price.. lOc yard |7 iC^ quality you ever
double the price ; we ask ...29c — — — — — — — — — — -—————- — ¦— —^— — — — — —^— — ___^^____ I f* saw f or 6^4o
•d^T ) -^A&l le^ad 1 e^? le tfi lie i M Sf I ft JT R fl 0 C M D C D P 816 MAR KET STREET L. t*\ ao^^rD-nfi
JUl RUdCR OE Hu Running through to 1 1 OTarrell, bK ext£ h^ iS&
a chance to get a $4 or $5 waist for. g „ Mai , Op^ crs Solicited. PHELAN^BUILDING. S^cE^S?^ hand - made>• No minister has aver been able to trace
his _ unpopularity to short sermons. ¦"-. ¦/
Best Routes to the Yosemite Valley
: Are via the Southern t Pacific.
Choice ; of ; three old-established ' stage
routes,:' with, largest and , best equipment.
Big ;tree groves en route/- Rates! K»w, 'as
any. with -or: without hotel - or" camp ac
commodations en route and in valley. Full
Information and literature : 613 Market
street'and Mechanics' Pavilion.
The executive committee of the Union
Labor party met last night in the Emma
Spreckels building and after effecting per
manent organization decided upon issu
ing a call for a nominating convention to
nominate a municipal . ticket to be voted
for in November. The date of the issu
ance of the call will be decided upon later.
The following officers:, were chosen:
President. I. Less; vice president, J. C.
Lane; recording secretary, Joseph Galla
gher; financial secretary and treasurer. J.
P. Llghtbody; sergeant at arms, H. F.
Gallagher. . •
Municipal Ticket in ths Field.
Executive Committee I>ecides to Put
LABOS PARTY CONVENTION.
¦ The "commercial bodies of- San Francisco
and - vicinity officially commend the real
and enterprise of the visitors. The claims
of • every section of the State were con
sidered, and It is expected. that great ben,
eflts will aerue to this part of. the coast
as' a^ result of 'the visit of the national
committee. : ¦ .
.The official report of the reception .com
mittee; In: ; reviewing its .work, renders
special thanks to the following: - -' . •
-Colonels Jared A\ Smith, "W. H. Heuer ana
O.' F. I Long. U. ! S. A. ; John D. Spreckela, the
Atlantic. Gulf and Pacific Company, the pal
ace Hotel," Marx. -' Gottlob - & Co. of .the . Co
lumbia Theater, Captain Hatch of the steamer
General Frisble and to the San Francisco Morn
ing Call, which specially illuminated the Claus
Spreckela building in honor of the guests.
It. Is Inevitable that "many ' localities will
have to be disappointed, but it Is certain that
California* will receive, the most careful and
friendly consideration. ? ' I • cannot : omit • to ex
press our admiration for the course which the
city -of San Francisco has pursued daring our
trip. . Although very little- Is asked there In the
waj» of Improvements the citizens of, that city
have taken tbe utmost pains to make' our stay
pleasant and to give. us opportunities for thor
ough inspection- and- favorable impressions of
projects in the States. -.-¦.' *.
It has been particularly noticeable that San
Francisco has shown a .disposition to help all
the outlying .towns of which it la the metropo
lis, even though in some cases building ' up of
other places would . seem to be a detriment to
Its own - trade. ? I am sure that j I vole© the
opinion : of ¦ the , whole j committee when I say
that - no ther city has shown . so friendly a
guardianship over the outlying towns and cities
in its locality. / .......
Chairman Burton of, the Congressional
Committee, In I speaking i of the . work of
himself and colleagues and In. reference to
their visit to this city t says: -
; The executive" committee appointed by
the commercial .organizations '* of San
Francisco to take charge of the reception
arid j entertainment of : the Congressional
Committee on Rivera and Harbors has
submitted its report, which contains much
of interest In showing' the- attitude with
which the visitors, regarded the needs of
California. No pains 'were spared to make
the stay of the committee an attractive
one and. the needg of the harbor were
practically demonstrated. ' ' .
COMMITTEEMEN
SUBMIT REPORT
DOVER * Del., July 1 13.— The Delaware
witnesses in the celebrated Botkin murder
case will ettend the new trial and testify
for the people of Calif ornia. . and have so
communicated to the Attorney General of
California. The last witness was heard
from to-day. '-- It Is John P. Dunning, hus
band of the Dover woman, who -with her
sister, Mrs. Ida D. Deane. was killed- by
poisoned candv sent by Mrs. Botkin in
August, i 1898. ; • Dunning in a letter, which
he voluntarily, wrote to-day to Mr. Deane
- "You can, Inform the California author
ities that I will be there at the trial and
will be ready to 4 go, whenever they call
upon, me,: at any .' hour, and ': will, submit
again* to- all; the criticism and roasting
of the former trial." ~ A; r . ¦
The ordeal of the former trial, say. the
Delaware witnesses, was the most' severe
on Mr.: Dunning that they have ever seen
Inflicted ¦¦ upon a witness. The whole list
of .witnesses from I this. State who will
make the : transcontinental ¦ trip is now
complete, and all will positively go except
Dr: Li'.-A. Bishop, the first. physician called
tn for. Mrs.' Dunning," and Professor T. j R.
Wolfe, acting, president of Delaware Col
lege, each : of whom has asked -an extra
allowance of " $1000. <Dr. , Bishop ¦ will, of
course," have to I be : paid, but it i ia • under
stood ¦ here; to-day : that Dr. -Wolfe's testi
mony - can ¦ be j cut , ; out, as ;. the - California
chemist, Professor-Thomas Price,"- who ex
amined the. candy found two kinds of .ar
senic • and ' gave most ' conclusive - evidence
for the 8tate.-'/,v.~-.v-/--. /.;. ¦¦..,. v_\.--.' ..;.;
Around these two points will be woven
arguments in favor of and against the ac
cused Before a final judgment upon these
points can be had before the court of last
resort of tbe land months must e!ans«
which Mrs.' Botkin must' pass In jail
awaiting freedom, and, hardly expecting
it, preparing for the ordealof again fac
ing a jury in the trial which Involves her
life. . > •; : ._¦¦¦¦-- .--I - v :-': •¦ .
Delaware Witnesses Will Come Here.
The trial of all crimes except in cases of Im
peachment shall be by Jury; and such trial
shall be held in the State where the f said
crimes shall have been committed; but when
not committed In any State, the trial shall be
at such place or places as the Congress may
have by law directed. • .•. •
Second Point Raised. '^
" The second point raised in support of
the petition for a writ of habeas corpus
is that article III of the constitution of
the United States strictly the
trial of an accused, person except In the
State where the crime was actually'com
mitted. This section of the constitution
reads: . : ¦ • ¦ ¦ -
rrTTTnTTTTTTTT'rrrr.'TTTT-rn
committed within this State either "in
whole or in part:" ;
'-¦,The following persons are liable to punish
ment under the laws of this State." •>.'• All
persons who commit in whole, or in part, any
crime .within this State. /: • . • •. .' , • -,*
! Knight & Heggerty assert that ; at - the
time of the alleged commission ; of , the
crime with which Mrs. Botkin stands
charged — the Bending of a box of poisoned
candy; through' the mails, which -caused
the death of Mrs.v John p. Dunning.
wa.<onot a crime - in this > State and
that the court In which Mrs. . Botkin was
convicted and also the Supreme Court i of
this State erred . in sustaining ¦ the . juris
diction of , the ; courts of this . State to | try
the accused upon : the -theory; that 'the
words "crime committed in • whole "or ¦- in
part in this State" could cover the matter
of the death -In Delaware,' where;: as a
matter of fact, it is ¦ contended, - the only
offense which it is alleged was committed
In this State was the sending of the I box
of ': poisoned candy v through the - mails,
which was not, a crime- at < the time of lts ;
alleged .' commission." C Hence • It . la ¦ urged
on t behalf of the defendant no crime waa
In the petition for the writ- of habeas
corpus . two new points are raised on be
half of the defendant. ! In the "first place,
it is contended that the defendant has
been unlawfully imprisoned and once con
demned without due process of law,. her
conviction having been secured under that
section of the Penal Code which reads:, ';¦•
Claims Illegal Conviction.
After more than three years In prison,
and after having once suffered "conviction
on the charge of murdering Mrs. John P.
Dunning of Dover, Del., Mrs. Cordelia
Botkin is about to carry the case to the
United States Supreme Court for, . tlnal
judgment, in the hope that a favorable
decision may save her the ordeal of a sec
ond trial. To-morrow morning Attorneys
Knight & Heggerty,. representing j Mrs.
Botkin, will file j a petition on behalf of
their client for a writ of, habeas. corpus.
The 'writ- will issue, a hearing thereon.be
had and as, the judgment of the court will
In all likelihood be against Mrs.-Botkin
the case will - be carried to the United
States Supreme Courton a writ of error.
SEEK FREEDOM
FOR MRS. BOTKIN
ONE of the rHbst tragic suicides
reported to tliS Morgue in a long
time was that of a stranger who
deliberately knelt in front . of an
approachln- passenger train *at
Eighteenth and Harrison streets last
night and calmly welcomed Inevitable
death. A head completely severed from
the body as . if by a knife and the sev
ered f ragments of the body gathered up
along the stretch of railroad track for
100 feet now occupy a slab at the Morgue,
mute evidence of the accomplishment of
the strange being's desire to leave this
vale of tears.
The suicide's horrible act was not com
mitted on the impulse of a moment. He
had evidently contemplated the deed for
somo tlme.for he was v seen loitering
about In the vicinity, apparently awaiting
hij opportunity . since * morning.' • He was
poorly . dressed and his .actions created
Shortly after 5 o'clock the whistle of
the south-b^und San Jose express sound
ed -the crossing signal and the stranger
was seen to approach the track. : He
stood for a time as if waiting for the
train to pass and then suddenly sprang
forward \ and . stopped between the rails
when the pilot of the engine, driving
along at a high rate of speed, was but
fifty feet away. . ¦;-¦¦.
.The' horrified spectators ¦ turned their
heads as the man deliberately dropped to
his knees and laid his neck over one of
the rails. In an Instant the heavy loco
motive had done its bloody work. A
human head rolled in the dust alongside
of the track, and the body, ground to
fragments beneath the wheels of the
cars, was scattered In many directions.
The engineer of the train was powerless
to avert the tragedssf ' He was taken by
surprise and did not realize what was
some comment, but no one questioned
him and he remained throughout the day,
pacing up and down and paying little
heed to any one.
Th* chairman of the committee. Colonel
George Stone, has frequently declared that
he was opposed to the scheme of calling a
meeting of the State body. He did not
Issue the call for a meeting until the
pressure came with great force from the
source that issues orders. HI* own Judg
ment was against the proceeding, but he
was not able to stand up.
Republican- merchants, business men
Stone Changes His Mind.
The bosses of both political parties are
pulling together to bring the Republican
Etate Central Committee into the San
Francisco municipal contest. The argu
ment is put forward by the Republican
bosses that Mayor Phelan controls the
Board of Election Commissioners and
that the Republican members of the board
take orders from the Mayor. The people
, of San Francisco have greater respect for
the Election Commissioners than they
have for W. F. Herrin. Jere Burke, John
C. Lynch and the other bosses in the
camp of Crimmlns and Kelly. The inter
ference of the Republican State Commit
tee is not sought by the voters belonging
to the party.
Stranger Ends His Life in Terribly Tragic Manner,
the Train Beheading Him.
about to happen until he saw the cronch
inj? figure directly ahead of him. He In
stantly applied the air and reversed his
lever, but It was -too late and. the train
ran a hundred feet before It was brought
to a standstill. •.- • '
Four people in the vicinity witnessed
th> tragic act. William Connolly, Alex
Hogue, John Spangler and Sam. Harring
ton were standing on an opposite corner,
but, like the engineer, could do nothing.
'Deputy Coroners Brown and Smith ar
rived on the scene a short time afterward
and took charge of the dismembered re
mains. They spent most of the evening
In. an effort to discover the man's Iden
tity, but without success. Nothing in the
torn and bloody clothing could assist
them. A pocket comb alone remained In
ono of the vest pockets.
The suicide was apparently 35 years of
age. He had light hair and a light mus
tache. He was attired in a black coat
and vest, gray trousers and wore no
socks. Hla shoes were dusty and had
been used for some time.
and workingmen will take note of the sig
nificant fact that the Republican State
Committee is being- used at the instance
of W. F. Herrin and Jere Burke, who are
on the railroad pay roll and using South
ern Pacific prestige to do politics. John
C. Lynch of the Federal brigade is also in
the scheme to deprive- the Republican
voters of San Francisco of the right to
regulate their own affairs.
The Election Commissioners will meet
to-morrow to determine the questions in
volved, and it is to be hoped that they
will do their duty as the law directs. They
are assured that the citizens of San Fran
clsco will honor their courage and intelli
gence if they refuse to obey the orders of
political rounders, and railroad lawyers
and lobbyists. .. ' . »
Stone Issues the Call.
The call issued by the chairman of the
State Central Committee is as follows:
Headquarters of the Republican State Central
Committee of California, room 1S4, Palace
Hotel, San Francisco. July 13, 1901.
To the Members of the Republican State
Central Committee of California— Gentlemen:
Two organizations, each claiming: to be the
Republican County Committee of the city and
county <Jt San Francisco, have filed petitions
with the Board of Election Commissioners of
San Francisco to participate in the primary
election . to be held on August 13, 1901. each
claiming that It represents the Republican
party of San Francisco.
A ¦written request has been received by the
chairman of the Republican State Central
Committee, Blpned by the chairman and seore
tary of one of the two organizations claiming
to be the Republican County Committee of the
city and county of San Francisco, petitioning
that a meeting of the State Committee "be con
vened to hear the claims of the two organiza
tions respectively, and to determine which of
the two J« the Renubllcan County Committee
of San Francisco, as provided In section 11SG
of the Political Code, as amended at the last
sesEion of the Legislature.
In compliance with said request a meeting
of the Republican State Central Committee
will be held at Golden Gate Hall. 625 Sutter
street. San Francisco, on Saturday, July 20,
1901, at 2 o'clock p. m., to determine which of
the said organizations represents the Republi
can party of San Francisco, and for the trans
action of euch other business as may properly
come before the meeting. Resi>ectfully.
GEORGE STONE. Chairman.
TVILLIAM M. V CUTTF.R. Secretary.
PERSONAL.
M. E. C. MuncJay. an attorney* of Los
Angeles, is at the Lick.
N. E. <Je Foe, a prominent merchant of
Modesto. Is at the Lick. _ ;
John Gaffery, an extensive rancher "of
Grayson, is a guest at the Lick.
Charles Dunphy. an insurance man of
Mlllbrae, is registered at the Grand.
Nathan Levy, a prominent merchant of
Vi?alla, is a guest at the California.
T. H. Buckingham. , a 'rancher of Vaoa
ville. accompanied by his j wife, is at the
Grand. ¦ " : . ¦
H. F. Gentry, who is connected with the
Mount Lowe Railroad, is a guest at the
Palace. , j>
J. E. Gabbert of Woodland, accompa
nied by his wife/ is spending a few days
at the Lick.
Lieutenant Schroon. \ German military
attache at Washington, is here on a visit.
He is at the Palace. .
¦ General Robert A. Friedrlch, United
States Attorney for the Eastern District
of Alaska, is in San Francisco for a vaca
tion of sixty days. . : .
M. M. Harris of Los Angeles, who came
here to superintend the erection of the
Stanford organ in Mechanics' Pavilion, Is
a guest at the Grand. ,-. •
A. L. Craig, general passenger agent of
the Oregon Railroad and Navigation Com
pany, with headquarters at Portland. Or.,
is in the city on official business and ex
pects to remain here several days. - -•/
Many. i a „ man spends . half his ' time : an
ticipating to-morrow and the other half in
regretting yesterday. .
Conger is favorably inclined toward the
young Chinese Emperor and is of the
opinion that the latter la becoming more
rational, the edicts that were , issued by
th > Emperor in the last few months be
ing held by the Minister to be a proof of
this. ' t •
- Mr. Conger ,1s much benefited by ' his
leave of absence and says that ( he never
before felt so fit for hard work as he
does now. When he reathes Peking he
will at once go to work on the indemnity
question, which he wai working hard on
before he left for this country. .
In reference to the Chinese indemnity
Mr. Conger says that he is fully satisfied
with the progress that is being- made by
the international powers and the the peo
pl; of this country cannot realize how
slowly this work has to be done and what
difficulties have • to be contended with.
Mr. Conger is satisfied that there will
bo no more Boxer uprisings, or at least
no more organized rebellions.- He says
the Boxer movement is thoroughly
crushed out and that the Chinese have
been severely punished and. will not dare
to start "such another movement.
"I never was a candidate for the of
fice," he safd. "My name was* simply
brought forward by some of my friends
in the hope that with my nomination all
the trouble would be settled." .
Conjrer denies that he is or ¦was a candi
date for the Governorship of the State
of Iowa. He says that if the nomination
is offered him he will at once resign his
present appointment, but that he will not
fight for it and that l.e would only accept
It In the hope that he would be able to
end all controversies in the Republican
party in that State.
xe objected to discussinp- the present
situation in China, having been away so
long, he said, that he was not familiar
with, affairs there.
. The able diplomat has been on a short
tr.p to his home at Des Moines, , Iowa,
and is now on his way back to Peking to
resume the arduous duties of his office In
the Celestial empire. He will sail on the
Nippon Maru on Wednesday, but on this
trip he will be unaccompanied by his wife
an 1 daughter and he does not expect that
they will rejoin him until next spring:.
Dressed In a faultlessly cut Tuxedo and
smoking a fragrant after-dinner weed,
E. H. Conger, American Minister at
Peking, was taking life very easily last
evening at the Occidental HoteL
Minister Conger on the
Governorship Fight
in Iowa.
WOULD ACCEPT
IF NOMINATED
KNEELS IN PATH OF SPEEDING
LOCOMOTIVE OF FAST EXPRESS
Republican State Central Committee Will
Meet to Decide Local Differences.
CHAIRMAN STONE ISSUES
CALL AT BOSSES' BEHEST
THE SAN FRAjTCISCO CAi:^
21
DANDRUFF '" DESTROY^ THE CAUSE JttLI* ¦¦.S"--'- ~
IS A GERM -. M YOU REMOVE^ , THE DANDRUFF
DISEASE. THE EFFECT. .„;,_ GERM.
SAN FRANCISCO PHYSICIANS INDORSE HERPICIDE.
I am pleased to say that, after a thorough trial of NEWBRO'S HERPICIDE, I can conscientiously state that it-has given' my customers more satisfaction
than any other Dandruff Cure that I have used in my business. I am confident that its merits will secure it a permanency in all of the best tonsorial parlors.
B. BERNHARD, Palace Hotel Barber Shop, 10 New Montgomery Street, San Francisco, California.
Testimonials on File From Over Fifty Reputable Physicians of This City.
DR. H. S* WELCH. DR. J. BALL. DR. J. C. ANTHONY. " U , g DR. W. H. DAVIS. :
Herpicide baa given most excellent re- Herpicide certainly removes dandruff. Most excellent^. and agreeable hair I have used .Herpicide personally with
suits. ' ,* *;"• Very pLeasant dressing. . preparation I have ever seen. ' -. satisfaction. I recommend it. ¦
HBRPICIDE GIVES MORE SATISFACTION v
Than Any Other Dandruff Preparation Ever Used in the Palace Hotel Barber Shop.
GEAPE-U UTS. •
SSTRICTLIT RELIABLE.-
MEN
ONLY!
R . T FAR TIB
** greater number oi
patients - seeking relies
, for .so-called weakness
I are strong, robust men in
' every other respect. Our
• theory that Losa of Vital-
ity Prematnreness, eta,
9. but tbe symptoms of in-
flammatory processes In tha Prostate - Gland
(so-called neck of bladder) caused by con-
tracted disorders and early dissipation. Is now
being adopted by the leading specialists of tha
world. Under our local ' plan of | treatment,
directed toward reducing ths enlarged and
swollen Prostate. Immediate result*, as Indi-
cated by ' Increased circulation and renewed
¦ strength, are observed. Our colored chart oi
the organs,, which. w» send fret on application,
ia interesting to any on* wishing to study ttu
anatomy et the male.
DR. TALCOTT & CO., 997 Market St.
' ' ' , ' '
ivisir DR. JORDAN'S great
JHUSEUia OF ANATOMY
9 fiS 10&lU12XX?ST.tat.6thft7a.S.] > .CiJ.
\ ,Cy*^ The Larrest Anatomical Museum in tha
V SsJgSj disease p»»Mi»«>ly emr.^VSTe oldest
© iSSI Specialist on the Coast EsL 5$ yevs.
A JJigp J OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
\ W^S^S^B Con«ult»tkra freo and strictly prints.
O I %WH Treatment personally or by letter. A
T H yqll PMUm Cur* in erery can undertaken.
iiffa ' tin Write for BocV.PHILOSOPHV»r
» I 1 ¦ ¦AnnZAGE. MAILED FRE3. (A
\ O li «luable book for mra) ~
7 JDK. JUBD4X A CO.. 1051 ACar&etSt.S. P.
£C| CNICMESTCFfS ENGLISH
Pehhyroyal, pills
B _~*T."~V Ortcinml and Only e«unuln«k.
PKS*V*M?KSATE. HwsTirclUbla. Ladles m* Ora«r!rt •
;>.<< WJa *>x CHICHESTEivsTENGlJSEt •
£s£»^&^\ >a HE» and Gold m.taUlo boxu. xul
*£v -_?•>« with bio. rlbWo. Take ¦•other. Rafea*
TO *"** *fej Btumw (»nb»tlt»ao«» and Imlte>
' I*/ -T"~t nrttoaa. Boy .f r»or Snceta. or Mad 4e. la>
I **¦¦ M ""C tor Particular*. Tc«tlm»olal»
' \ W. f? »«• "Belief IWp Ladles," toUttw, by re*
i\ ¦-< -P 't«T» Mall. 10,000 Tettimoolali. Sold by
/ inDrugjiin. CklohMtcrCkemlealCo^
iM&aimp^w. uuiiw 8<«w. rniu, y J
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
K-BAKNT ATO- WASHINGTON ~STS.-Rr-
*» modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms. 50o to U B0 day;
33 to |3 week: 18 to $20 month. Free baths; fco«
and cold water every room; flr» prates tn fT«x
room; elevator ' run* all aj»ht,
ACTIVE BRAINS
Must Have GOOD FOOD
or Nervous
Prostration Surc!y Follows
...USB...
GRAPE = NUTS
TRATION BY PROPER USE
OF FOOD.
TO KEEP OUT OF NERVOUS PROS-
It is a lamentable fact that American
brain workers do not. as a. rule, know
how to feed themselves to rebuild the
daily loss occasioned by active mental
effort This fact, coupled with the dis-
astrous effects of the alkaloids contained
In tobacco, coffee and ¦whisky, makes a
sure pathway toward nervous prostra-
tion.
Ths remedy is simple enough. Em-
ploy the services of a food expert, who
knows the kind of fopd required to re-
build the daily, losses in the human body.
This can be done by making free use of
Grape-Nuts, the famous breakfast food,
which contains exactly the elemental
principles which have an affinity for
albumen and gro directly to rebuild the
pray matter in the brain, solar plexus
and nerve centers throughout the body.
Follow your selection of food up with
a dismissal of coffee, tobacco and whisky
" for nfteen days and .mark the difference
in your mental ability, which means
everything to the average hustling
American, who must nave physical- and
mental strength or he falls out in the
nice for dollars.
F»/\L/\CE HOTEL Q/\RQER SHOP», S/\N FRANCISCO.
Without dandruff, hair must-
grow luxuriantly; and it will be
soft and silky. Herpicide is a de-
lightful hair dressing, being: en-
tirely free from preasiness. It
makes the scalp clean and feel
fresh. One" bottle will convince
an\' one of ¦ Herpicide's merits
over all other hair dressings. i
Xewbro's Herpicide is the only
hair preparation in the world made
to kill the dandruff cerra that
claims to kill the dandruff perm
and that actually does kill the
dandruff germ.
NEWBRO'S
HERPICIDE
(s the On'y Known Remedy
That Kii.'s the Dandruff Germ.
"He took a rabbit and inoculated
it deeply under the skin with the
fluid. As he hoped and anticipated,
the rabbit speedily began- to lose Its
fur. and In between five and six
weeks it was completely denuded —
Jn fa<-t. it had become entirely
bald."— From Pasteur Institute,
Paris, France. Official Report.
M. Sehouraud found that this mi-
crobe which makes men ba'd is so
deadly to hair that it is possible
that animals inoculated with it lose
all their fur.
"The development and growth o£
the microbe causes certain changes
in its environments— the breaking
up. for Instance, of substances
around from which It obtains nec-
essary food and ener?ry— and the
cycle of results thus brought about
pives the production of a substance
poisonous to the root of a hair.
This tcxln passes down to the root
and acts as a Flow poison, not kill-
ing all at once, but inducing cer-
tain characteristic symptoms: the
hair becomes liehter in color until
its pigment has practically disap-
peared; its diameter gradually les-
sens, it becomes brittle and dried up
and eventually dies and falls out.
The root, though weakened by the
poison, sends up another hair to re-
place the fallen one. but the new
outgrowth begins life feebler and
poorer than Its predecessors, so It,
too, only -with greater speed, be-
comes a victim. So It goes on; each
successive outgrowth starts more
weakly its fight against the in-
sinuating poison until a point is
reached when the root can no
longer make a fresh effort, for it
has also fallen completely under the
noxious influence as it does simul-
taneously in hundreds of adjacent
hair-follicles, naturally resulting in
complete baldness."
M. Sebouraud. a former pupil of
the great Pasteur, has discovered
the microbe of baldness, says a
v.riter in the London Contemporary
Review.
Prof. Sebouraud's Experimeats
With the Human Dandruff
Germ on a Rabbit.
DANDRUFF GERM.
DEADLY
n A'M n d i t jc n i c - a n p dm ni q fa^p
The only Dandruff Germ 1^ Stops fall-
ing hair. Makes Hair fs0^)j0^sU^^^ay^ ail itching instantly.
KILL THE DANDRUFF GERM.
Highest Terms— Read What They Say and
¦ Ask Them About Herpicide.
LEADING SAN FRANCISCO BARBERS
Use Newbro's Herpicide and Indorse It. 'in the
"HERPICIDE HAS NO EQUAL."
"Bound to Be Used by All Afflicted With Any
Scalp Trouble.".
I have tried NEWBRO/S HERPICIDE, and; I. find it a sure Dandruff
Cure. Its antiseptic qualities are in : harmony . with our antiseptic appli-
ances, and as such HERPICIDE is highly appreciated by our patrons and
by me. HERPICIDE has no equal. It's bound to be used by all afflicted
with scalp trouble. .... W. G. SEPPICH, I -
Russ House Baths and Antiseptic Barber . Shop, San Francisco, CaL.'
For the past two months or more I have been using HERPICIDE
throughout my barber shop, and it has given the utmo9t satisfaction toall
of my' customers who have tried it. In all my thirty years' experience I
have never used an article for Dandruff or other head annoyances with so
effective and satisfactory results as your preparation.
- - - P. D. BERNHARD.
Hairdressing Saloon, Masonic Temple, 6 Post St., San Francisco, Cal.
Used in This Shop.
"Most Effective and Satisfactory" Article Ever
" UTMOST SATISFACTION TO ALL."
1 - : , WALSH &GRAHN.
Oaks Shaving Parlor and Bathhouse, in Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal.
We are having splendid success with NEWBRO'S HERPICIDE. and
we are entirely satisfied that it has NO EQUAL as a cure for Dandruff and
Falling-Hair. We most cheerfully recommend it.
"Entirely Satisfied."
As a Cure for Dandruff and Falling Hair."
"IT HAS NO EQUAL
NEWBRO'S HERPICIDE is not only a pleasant tonic to use, but it
does the work you' claim for it. It stops the falling of hair, and cure3 the
Dandruff when used according to directions. MRS. L. E. ALLEN,
Hardressing Parlors, 850 Main St., San Francisco, Cal. .
Hairdresser.
"And It Cures Dandruff," Says a Leading Lady's
"IT STOPS FALLING HAIR"
We have given NEWBRO'S HERPICIDE a good trial, and now it is
used continually in our shaving parlor with efficiency as a Dandruff Cure
and as a preventive of Falling Hair. Our customers who have used thi3
wonderful preparation claim it to be far superior to any other tonic now on
the market. • ELLIGER S. GELLERT.
i, ¦ 228 Montgomery St., San Francisco. CaL
Falling Hair.
Efficient as a Dandruff Cure and Preventive of
"FAR SUPERIOR TO ANY OTHER."
I [l.^^^^^^^^^ : -~^^
Fine oak rocker with
illuminated leather I
¦ ' seat.; _ " 4 ... ' h
Get "an'-'estimate from us on R
everything required . to -furnish 1]
- your ': entire ' establishment. ¦
Credit and free delivery within j
•ioo mUcs. We close at «bc, R
T. Brilliant I
FURNITURE CO., I
338-342 POST STREET, |
OpDo»U« Union Squax». HNEW SCHOONER IRENE BEING TOWED TO OAKLAND CREEK TO
DISCHARGE HER CARGO -OP COAL. SHE IS ON HER' MAIDEN
VOYAGE, BUT TOOK EIGHTY DAYS TO COME FROM AUSTRALIA.
- , - •¦ ' ' . ¦ *¦- ¦ >: '¦ . J ' •' ¦' ¦ "
' TO SAIL.
-FROM SEATTLE.
'Oriental Encampment of the Independ
ent iOrder of Odd Fellows will celebrate
the twenty-fifth anniversary of its insti
tution by a grand ball in Odd Fellows'
Hall to-morrow night. The affair is a
EtricUy invitational one.
Encampment Anniversary.
Veru* cures piles or $50 reward. All up
to-date flruggists sell and truaraatee It. •
Customs searchers made an additional
seizure yesterday orr the steamship Are
qulpa, consisting of thirty-two silk hand
kerchiefs, nineteen silk shawls, three
pieces of eilk and one case of bay rum.
On the Newport 300 smuggled cigars were
seized.
Smuggled Goods Seized!
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
DruetfsU. Me flask. Rlrfcards & Co.. 406 Clay.'
Chaplain. Rev." James A. Grant; president,
Charles G. Wllley; first vice president, Thomas
K. Maher;~ second 'vice president, Robert M.
Plunkett; financial secretary, F. A. Kesseler;
recording secretary, D. J. Moynihan; corre
epondins secretary.' John E. Richards Jr.;
treasurer. John F. Comyn: marshal, E. C. Cal
lan; inside sentinel. M. O'Dea: outside sentinel,
John Bchatt; medical examiners— Dr. T. D
Maher and Dr. J. H. O'Brien: executl\-e com
mittee—D. J. CLeary, Thomas B. Slevin and
A. Anfiler.
New Officers Installed.
The newly elected officers of Mission
Council No. 3. Young- Men's Institute, in-
Etalle'd last Wednesday evening by Coun
cil'Deputy Richards, are as follows:
The "Hotel Lambourne" Opened:
"The Hotel Lambourne," an extended
description of which appeared in The Call
yesterday, is, now formally opened.' The
entire equipment of furniture, draperies
and carpeting was supplied by the Patto
sien Company and is considered the finest
ever placed in any hotel Jn San Francisco.
The hotel is under the management of
Mrs. Janet Macdonald, the . well known
litterateur and lecturer. The prices for
rooms ¦will be from $16 up, for suites from
?40 up. References will be required of all
intending guests. All rooms are steam
heated, supplied with separate baths and
hot and cold water washstands. The Ho
tel Lambourne is desirably located at 420
Eddy street, near Leavenworth.
Represents Business Interests.
William M. Bunker left yesterday for
Cripple Creek, Colo., to attend the Trans-
Mifcsissippl Commercial Congress. He rep
resents interests of the Chamber' of Com
merce, Manufacturers' and Producers' As
sociation. Merchants' Association; San
Francisco Board of Trade and, by ap
pointment of Mayor Phelan, the city of
San Francisco. -
Supreme Chief Coming;.
S. M. Harlan, supreme chief of the
Knights of the Golden Eagle, has left his
home in Union City, Iowa, for the pur
pose of making a visit- to the West in
order to pay official visits to the different
castles of the order. He is expected in a
few days and upon his arrival will be the
guest of the officers and members of Cali
fornia.. Castle No. 1.
Sun, Moon, and Tide.
United States . Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official, au
thority of the Superintendent. .
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city • front (Mission-street wharf)' about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort .Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Matters of Interest to Mariners antl
Shipping Merchants.
.The Eaton Hall will . load wheat at Tacoma
for West Coast (owner's, account): the Forest
Home, lumber on Puget Sound for Shanghai.
50s, prior to arrival: the Gerard C. Tobey and
the Emily F. Whitney, merchandise here for
Honolulu; the John Palmer, lumber at New,
Whstcom for Mollendo. 52s 6d; the St. Francis/
lumber at Chemalnus for Sydney, 43s 9d, with
option of Melbourn'e, Adelaide or Port Pirle,
50s, prior to arrival.
? ¦-.....
Merchandise for Manila.
The steamer Algoa cleared yesterday for
Manila, via-Puget Sound,' with merchandise as
noted below, at $13,757, as cargo from
this port. - - ' • . . . .•
4000 lbs codfish. 250 gals wine, 46 cs boots,'
5088 lbs rice, 53 lbs tea, 50 cs canned goods, 19
fkK* 1 - RriKcriPs and provisions, 125 ' cs whisky,
C5 C3 blackberry brandy, 3C00 bbls flour.
. ¦ . ¦ ' - ' '—' ." : i'— ¦>:."¦¦'
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
"Water Front Ndtfes.
The steamer Iaqua arrived from j San
Diegro yesterday, thus completing her. flr6t
round trip since she went into commis
sion again. To look at her. one would
never think that the smart lookftig coast
er had ever been on Duxbury Reef.
The -schooner Czarina • arrived : f rom
Unga yesterday. She did wonderfully well
on the banks and brings to port 206,000
codfish.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Zea
landia is scheduled to sail for Honolulu
next Saturday morning and the Sierra
will sail for Australia August L
The steamship Homer is fitting out for
a voyage to the Pribiloff-group. She will
go via Dutch Harbq£. .
A BIG fleet of vessels bound -for.
this port is making long passages.
From Europe, Australia and Ha
waii they are all behind time and
clippers ..that. h%ve made, the' run.
from Honolulu in ten and eleven days
are now out from twenty-five' to thirty
tiays. . ..•,...-.
The handsome new schooner Irene, built
at Eureka for the Gardlner:Mill Company,
made a splendid run- to Australia and re-^
ceived quick dispatch there, but she wast"
eighty days coming home. Yesterday she
was taken to Oakland Creek to discharge
her cargo of coal. The bark Gerard C
Tobey . was twenty-nine days and j the
schooner H. D. Bendixsen twenty-five days •
coming from Honolulu, while the ship
Emily F." Whitney took twenty-four days
to, come .from Kahiilui. . . ¦„
-. I Amon? the flyers the bark St. Katherlne
is Tcut twenty-eight days from "Ililo, while,
the ships Geo. Curtis, and Marlon Chil
cott and the bark Santiago are apparently
trying to see: which shall get In last. AH
three of the. vessels hold records for very
fast time*, yet they are now eighteen days
out fronvthe islands and> it will probably
be trie end of the week before they show
up. . Th«i bark Kaiulani is out twenty-five
days, . the schooner Vine twenty- three
days and the barkentine J. C. Pfluger
twenty-two days from Honolulu, while
'the bark Diamond Head and the four
masted schooner Geo.W. Watson are each
out seventeen days from the same place
ard, the schooner Mary Winkleman thirty
days from Kahului.
" The British ship Allerton took 171 days
to come from Antwerp and the Maxwell
182 days to come from Newcastle-on-Tyne,
while the Montebello is out seventy-five
! cays and the seventy-one days
from- Newcastle. Australia. All In all It
seems to be a famous month for long
I-us.sa&es. . ¦ : '
SUNDAY, JULY 14.
- PORT GAMBLE— Arrived 1 July 13— Schr John
G North, from' Port Townsend. ; - :¦ - ' "
' UGASHIK' RIVER. Bristol -Bay— Arrived
June ¦ 1— Sh Id : Lucille, - hence - April * 9. ¦-. June . 6—
Bark 'Nicholas Thayer, hence April ;9;< schr
Premier, from ., New ¦ Whatcom. . :-. June ' 9 — Stmr
Mohawk,: from. Nushig-ak. ¦••¦..- ;; ¦¦-¦¦¦ '. •
¦¦ Outside ' June : 6— Bark , Conlinra. '• hence ."April
14,- and brie. Geneva, ' hence*- April- 28.' ¦ ¦•-.
:AaTOP.IA— Sailed- July 13— Tug ' Maggie, for
San Francisco.- ' - ¦ '— •--."¦£ " • . '¦ ¦ '¦ *
f PORT • JLOS ANGELES— Sailed ; July 13— Stmr
DOMESTIC PORTS.
* POINT LOBOS. July ' 13, 10 . p m— Weather
hazy; wind W, -velocity . 20 miles per hour. ;--
TELEGRAPHIC.
• Schr Premier.: at : Ugashik ¦ Rlver, T from ' New
\\Tiatcom, reports having been ashore and los
ing deckload. '.¦-•..* ... -¦.'• !.»>¦.
MISCELLANEOUS.
¦ July-2,ilat! »: N, Ion- 18 -W— Br ship Mer
ioneth, hence March 29, f or . Queenatown. ; •.. • r
SPOKEN.
.-•;.'¦ '- Saturday, July 13. •
Stmr Despatch,' Johnson, . Eureka.
Stmr. Coos Bay. Nicholson, 8an Pedro. \
Stmr . Empire, Bacgenn, Coos \ Bay.
-.Stmr Navarro, Jacobs, Bowens'Landln*.',.
Stmr Eureka, Jensen, • Eureka. SI
- : Nor. stmr Tellus. Pedersen, Oyster Harbor..
, Br. stmr: Victoria, .Blakey, Noyo./
, Br stmr Aljcoa, , Hansford, Manila, " via Se
attle. ¦' ¦¦¦ ¦¦«•'¦ ¦' ¦¦ ¦ ¦-¦-.. ¦ ... -:;. '¦ -: • ¦".:
Schr "Repeat,. Olseni Columbia Rlrer.
Schr Mayflower. Goodmansen, Coquille River.
• % . Schr Marion, "Tonfer. Taooma. '
/Schr Winchester, Henderssn, Unga.
SAILED.
' ¦ • ¦ Saturday, July 13. ;
I Stmr Crescent City, j Payne, 32 hours from
Crescent City. \ .. . • . , .
• Stmr Alex Duncan, Nicholson, . 90 hours from
Newport, eto. ; . . . . ¦ . /
Stmr Noyo. Johnson, 21 hours from Eureka.
Stmr . Scotia. . Walvisr. 16 . hours from Fort
Bragg. .
Stmr Iaqua, Gunderson, 41 hours from San
Diego. . ' . . .
Stmr North Fork, Fosen, 24 hours from Eu
reka. ' : ¦ ¦ ' . . ¦ ;
Ship Emily. F "Whitney, Brlsman, 24 days
from-.Kahulul. . • .:;.. ' '
S?chr H D Bendixsen, Olsen, 25 days from
Honolulu. . .
¦ Schr Amethyst, Zimmerman, 4 days from
Waldport.
Schr Czarina," T/allstedt, 13 days from Unga.
• • CLEARED. £, ,
' ¦. .Saturday, July 13.
Stmr' Coos Bajt Nicholson, San Pedro; Good
all, Perkins & Co.- ¦ *- ;- •
... Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Goodall. Perkins & Co. A
- Br stmr AUcoa, Hansford, Manila, via Port,
Townsend; Pacific Mail SS Co.
Bark Albert, Griffith, • Honolulu: Williams,
Dlmond & Co. ' - -
Schr : Queen, J Nielsen, Petropaulovskl; Roth,
Blum & Co. ¦ j ... .
Shipping Intelligence.
\ ARRIVED. ;¦•;
Time Ball.
Branch . Hydrographic -Office, U.. S. N..* Mer
chants 1 Exchange, .-. San Francisco, Cai.,
July 12. 1901: V. ""'-- -¦'¦¦•¦
The time ball: on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
l.,e.,at noon ~ of the : 120th ¦ meridian, or at S
o'clock, p. m.. Greenwich time. -¦/• -.'.—>
-ax: r; --.. _ • ... C. G.- CALKINS, '.:
" Lieutenant Commander/ U. • S." N.,' in chars*.
NOTE— In the . above exposition of the tides
the early morning tldesare given in the left
hand column and the • successive . tides of - th«
day in the order of occurrence : as to time < of
day; the third: time column gives the last tide
of the day. except when, there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. - The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the. United
States . Coast . Survey * charts, except - when a
minus < — ) ¦ slgm precedes the height, I and then
the number given is subtracted • from the depth
jtiven by the charts. The plane of reference la
the mean of the lower., low. waters. *¦ : y.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 14; 1901.
Vessels That Have Made the Run Rrom Honolulu in
Ten Days Out Nearly a flonth.
BIG FLEET OF WINDJAMMERS
BOUND HERE IS BEHIND TIME
Aberdeen, (or San Francisco; Btmr San Mateo,
for Nanaimo. - -
PORT GAMBLE- Sailed July 13— Bktn Ska.
glt,-for Honolulu; echr Maria' E Smith, for
San Francisco. •
S NAKNEK- Arrived June 6— Schr Salvator,
hence May 5. 7 • ¦-¦¦
PORT. TOWNSEND- Passed In July IS— Stmr
Humboldt, from Skasruay, Tor Seattle .
Arrived July 1&-Chil bark Lake Leirian, from
Iqulque; schr John A Campbell, from Hono
lulu. .¦¦•-• • .
Sailed July 13— Ship M P Grace, for Syd
ney. ......
TILIiAMOOK-Arrived July 12— Stmr WH
K-rvier, hence July 8. • K
COOS BAY— Arrived July 13— Stmr Arcata.
hence July 9. .
SEATTLE— Arrived July 13— Stmr Humboldt,
from Skaffuay. y
WALDPORT— Sailed July 9— Schr Amethyst,
for San Francisco. - : 1
DUTCH . HARBOR— Arrived June 28— Stmr
Brunswick, and sailed June 28 for Nome.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed July 13— Schr Emma
Utter, for Coos Bay.
Arrived July 13— Schr Azalea, from Fair
haven. ,-•..-
Sailed July 13— Stmr Alcazar, for San Fran
cisco. . ,-• ¦
EUREKA— Sailed July : 13— Stmrs Pomona,
Santa Barbara and San Pedro, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Pasadena, for San Pedro;' schr
Bertha Dolbeer. for San Diego. ¦
CASPAR— Sailed July 13— Stmr South Coast,
for San Die^o. ¦ . ¦• ,
FORT BRAGG— Sailed July 13— Stmr Sequoia,
for San Francisco. ¦ •
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
22
Sun
Sun
Moo:
lees .......
lets
rises .....
Vl:5l"<
.4:57
.7:33
.. m.
Date
Time
Ft.
L ,w •••;¦¦¦¦
4:10 —1.0
4:56—1.1
5:40 —1.0
6:20—0.7
H Wl.
0:271 5.8
1:18 .5.3
2:14| . 4.8
Time . Time
Ft.
H W L W
11:16 "4.7 3:40
12:00 5.0 4:31
12:42 ,5.1 '5:24
1:20 5.3 :6:18
L W H W
7:00—0.3 '2:03
7:40 0.2 • 2:41
8:20 0.7 3:20
Si
Time
H W
Ft.
14 ..
15 ...
16 ...
17 ...
: 2.8
2.6
2.5
f • ¦ , I
° 9:55
10:48
11:35
6.4
6.4
6.1
18...!
19 ...
20 ...
5.3
5.4
5.4
7:15
8:13
9:14
¦J 2.3
2.2
: 2.1
Steamer.
From.
Due.
St. Paul.r
North Fork....
Mandalay
'Pomona...
G. Wj Elder...
Bonlta
Corona ;,.'.•
Santa Uarbara
San Pedro
Bristol
"Washtenaw
Arcata
State of Cal....
Peru
Urtatilla :.
W. H. Kruger.
Fulton..
Eureka
Rainier
Coos Bay
Rival.*..-:..
Santa Rosa....
Wellington....
Robt. Dollar...
San Bias.......
Columbia......
Point Arena...
Pomona........
Crescent City..
Nome & St. Michael...
Humboldt '..'..,.
Coquille River ."..."..V.'.
Humboldt -.
Portland and Astoria..
San Pedro &"Way Pts.
San Diego '.'.'..
Humboldt
Humboldt
Oyster Harbor l-\:
Tacoma — 1
Coos Bay.. v..
Seattle
China and Japan.......
Pujret Sound Ports ....
TUIamoolc Bay ....•.'.'.'.:
Grays Harbor
Humboldt
Seattle & N. Whatcom
Newport &;Way Ports.
WUlapa Harbor ¦..-..: L.
San Diego & Way Ports
Oyster Harbor ...V......
Seattle and Hadlock...:
Panama & Way Ports..
Portland ' and I Astoria..
Point Arena
Humboldt ..
Crescent City "...;.......
July 14,
July U
July 14
July H
July 14
July 14
July 14
July 14
July li
July 15
July 15
July. 15
July 15
July 16
July 16
July 16
July 17
July 17
July 17
July 18
July 18
July 18
July 18
July 19
July 19
July 19
July 19
July 19
July 20
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
,1 Pt* r -
Alliance......
Santa Rosa..'.
Newbtirg
Czarina
Leelanaw
Walla Walla.
Pt. Arena....
Noyo. .........
Pomona
North Fork;.
Mandalay....
Bonita
St. Paul
Sg>n Pedro....
Arequipa
Nippon Maru
Connemaugh.
G. TV*. Elder..
Arcata
Corona..:.....
•Inly 14.
Portld & Coos Bay
S. Diego & W. Pta
July. 15.
Grays "Harbor
Seattle & Tacoma.
N. T. Via Panama
Puget Sound Ports
Point Arena
July 1G. ,
Humboldt
Humboldt
Humbojdt ..........
Coqullll River ....
San Pedro & Way.
July IT. _
Nome & St Michael
Humboldt
'Valparaiso & Way.
China and Japan...
Nome via Seattle..
Astoria & Portland
Coos Bay..
San Diego .........
Jnly 18.
Humboldt
Panama & Way Pts
Nome and Teller..
July SO.
Honolulu •.
Puget Sound Ports
Seattle & N. What.
Wlllapa Harbor ..A
Newport & Way Pt
8 ami
9 am!
5 pm
5 pm
2 pm
11 am
2 pm
5 pm
1:30 p
I 9 am
4 pm
9 am
2 pm
10 am
12 m
1 pm
I V ¦
I Pier 16
IPler 11
I
Pier 2
Pier 8
Pier 20
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pler-
Pler 11
Pier 34
Pier 2
Pier 16
PMSS
Pier —
Pier 24
Pier 13
Pier 11
I
11 am
12 m
9 am
I
Eureka
Newport
Arctic
9 am
12 m
12 m
i Pier 13
i PMSS
i Pier 2
Zealandla....
Umatilla.....
•Rainier:
Rival
Coos Bay .
2 pm
11 am
5 pm
12 m
9 am
i Pier 7.
iPler 9
i Pier 2
i 5th St.
i Pier u
Steamer.'
Destination.
Sails.
Dliigo Skaguay & Way Ports July 14
Alkl Skaguay & Way Ports. July 14
Dolphin.......". Skaguay & Way Ports. July 16
Chas. Nelson... Skaguay & Way, Ports. July 17
City of Seattle. Rkasuay & Way Ports. July 19
Clt(y of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. July 19
Chas. D. Lane. Nome & Teller City July 20
Queen Skapuay & Way Ports. July 21
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts July 25
Nome City . Nome & Teller City.... July, 23
Steamer.
From.
Due.
St. Paul.r
North Fork....
Mandalay
'Pomona...
G. Wj Elder...
Bonlta
Corona ;,.'.•
Santa Uarbara
San Pedro
Bristol
"Washtenaw
Arcata
State of Cal....
Peru
Urtatilla :.
W. H. Kruger.
Fulton..
Eureka
Rainier
Coos Bay
Rival.*..-:..
Santa Rosa....
Wellington....
Robt. Dollar...
San Bias.......
Columbia......
Point Arena...
Pomona........
Crescent City..
Nome & St. Michael...
Humboldt '..'..,.
Coquille River ."..."..V.'.
Humboldt -.
Portland and Astoria..
San Pedro &"Way Pts.
San Diego '.'.'..
Humboldt
Humboldt
Oyster Harbor l-\:
Tacoma — 1
Coos Bay.. v..
Seattle
China and Japan.......
Pujret Sound Ports ....
TUIamoolc Bay ....•.'.'.'.:
Grays Harbor
Humboldt
Seattle & N. Whatcom
Newport &;Way Ports.
WUlapa Harbor ¦..-..: L.
San Diego & Way Ports
Oyster Harbor ...V......
Seattle and Hadlock...:
Panama & Way Ports..
Portland ' and I Astoria..
Point Arena
Humboldt ..
Crescent City "...;.......
July 14,
July U
July 14
July H
July 14
July 14
July 14
July 14
July li
July 15
July 15
July. 15
July 15
July 16
July 16
July 16
July 17
July 17
July 17
July 18
July 18
July 18
July 18
July 19
July 19
July 19
July 19
July 19
July 20
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
,1 Pt* r -
Alliance......
Santa Rosa..'.
Newbtirg
Czarina
Leelanaw
Walla Walla.
Pt. Arena....
Noyo. .........
Pomona
North Fork;.
Mandalay....
Bonita
St. Paul
Sg>n Pedro....
Arequipa
Nippon Maru
Connemaugh.
G. TV*. Elder..
Arcata
Corona..:.....
•Inly 14.
Portld & Coos Bay
S. Diego & W. Pta
July. 15.
Grays "Harbor
Seattle & Tacoma.
N. T. Via Panama
Puget Sound Ports
Point Arena
July 1G. ,
Humboldt
Humboldt
Humbojdt ..........
Coqullll River ....
San Pedro & Way.
July IT. _
Nome & St Michael
Humboldt
'Valparaiso & Way.
China and Japan...
Nome via Seattle..
Astoria & Portland
Coos Bay..
San Diego .........
Jnly 18.
Humboldt
Panama & Way Pts
Nome and Teller..
July SO.
Honolulu •.
Puget Sound Ports
Seattle & N. What.
Wlllapa Harbor ..A
Newport & Way Pt
8 ami
9 am!
5 pm
5 pm
2 pm
11 am
2 pm
5 pm
1:30 p
I 9 am
4 pm
9 am
2 pm
10 am
12 m
1 pm
I V ¦
I Pier 16
IPler 11
I
Pier 2
Pier 8
Pier 20
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pler-
Pler 11
Pier 34
Pier 2
Pier 16
PMSS
Pier —
Pier 24
Pier 13
Pier 11
I
11 am
12 m
9 am
I
Eureka
Newport
Arctic
9 am
12 m
12 m
i Pier 13
i PMSS
i Pier 2
Zealandla....
Umatilla.....
•Rainier:
Rival
Coos Bay .
2 pm
11 am
5 pm
12 m
9 am
i Pier 7.
iPler 9
i Pier 2
i 5th St.
i Pier u
Steamer.'
Destination.
Sails.
Dliigo Skaguay & Way Ports July 14
Alkl Skaguay & Way Ports. July 14
Dolphin.......". Skaguay & Way Ports. July 16
Chas. Nelson... Skaguay & Way, Ports. July 17
City of Seattle. Rkasuay & Way Ports. July 19
Clt(y of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. July 19
Chas. D. Lane. Nome & Teller City July 20
Queen Skapuay & Way Ports. July 21
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts July 25
Nome City . Nome & Teller City.... July, 23
Sun
Sun
Moo:
lees .......
lets
rises .....
Vl:5l"<
.4:57
.7:33
.. m.
Date
Time
Ft.
L ,w •••;¦¦¦¦
4:10 —1.0
4:56—1.1
5:40 —1.0
6:20—0.7
H Wl.
0:271 5.8
1:18 .5.3
2:14| . 4.8
Time . Time
Ft.
H W L W
11:16 "4.7 3:40
12:00 5.0 4:31
12:42 ,5.1 '5:24
1:20 5.3 :6:18
L W H W
7:00—0.3 '2:03
7:40 0.2 • 2:41
8:20 0.7 3:20
Si
Time
H W
Ft.
14 ..
15 ...
16 ...
17 ...
: 2.8
2.6
2.5
f • ¦ , I
° 9:55
10:48
11:35
6.4
6.4
6.1
18...!
19 ...
20 ...
5.3
5.4
5.4
7:15
8:13
9:14
¦J 2.3
2.2
: 2.1
125 'to 131 Ktarn^Stmt]
X£^* Above Goods now on Display in Our Windows
$3.00 Shirt Waists Reduced to7........... 2.OO
$4.00 Shirt Waists- Reduced to..:.. L 2.50
Monday July 15th we shall close out our entire line of Colored
Wash Waists at a reduction of 25 to 337! per cent ¦ off <
the regular prices. All are in the Correct Styles in this
season's most fashionable fabrics such as Scotch Zephyrs, "
Madras, Chambrays, Lawns.. Batistes and Linens, in the
choicest, of Stripes, Figures and. plain colors. AH to go. Not
one reserved. Note the reductions:
$1.75 Shirt Waists'Reducedto;.....;...;;$1.25- ;;;
$2.00, Shirt AVaists .Reduced to ............ 1 .50 |
$2. 50 Shirt -Waists'-Reduced ¦lov.-.-ii.V.'i... '"^-l •% 3--- — • i
At i to I 'Off Regular Prices
Shirt Waists
Reduction Sale
Fringed, .Hemstitched- and;, ,
Open Work ¦
50c Values, 18 x 28, at ' 25c
. 75c Values, 18 x 28, at 37c
$1 .00 Values, 18 x 27, at 45c
1.25 Values, 18 x 27, at 60c
4.00 Values, 20x28, at SI. 90
I Hemstitched, Embroidered
and Scalloped
40c Values, 12 xi2, at" 20C
65c Values, 24 x 24, at 33c
75c Values, 24 x 24, at 38c
$ 1. 10 Values, 30 x 30, at. 53c
1.50 Values, 30 x 30, at 75c
Trays
Squares
(Round) ?, .
* . Scalloped, and Embroidered
$2.50 Values, 20 inch, at $1.39
3.25 Values, 20 inch, at 1.65
j 5.00 Values, 30 inch, at 2-45
6.00 Values, 30 inch, at 2.95
6.25 Values, 30 inch, at 3.15
Center Pieces
Doyles -
' Hemstitched, Scalloped and -'
Fringed . . .
ioc \ r alues—^S.ale Price • 5c
20c Values— Sale Price 10c
30c Values^— Sale Price 15c
50c Values — Sale Price 25c
60c Values — Sale Price .29c
Commencing tomorrow we t)ffer hundreds 01 dimples in
LINEN DOYLES, SQUARES, TRAYS, AND SCARFS at
exactly one-half their regular prices. A manufacturer sacri-
ficed them to us at a big loss. Every one is different, every one
is brand new and in perfect condition. Some are beautifully
hemstitched, some scalloped, some embroidered, others are in
prettiest openwork. They are the greatest bargains ever
offered in Art Linens and certainly will not last long at the
prices we ask. for them.' We expect crowds, so come early.
Here are. some of the values : ' ' " . : •
At an average of 5Gc on the dollar
on sale on our second floor
Art Linen
$2,500 Worth of High Class Art Linens
Decidedly the Greatest of All
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OTSTER HARBOR— Sailed July 12^Br stmr
Wyefleld, for St Michael.
NANAIMO— Arrived July 12-7-Nor stmr Tlta-
nia, from Port Los Anseles. ¦ ¦'- ¦
LAUNCESTON— Sailed July 13— Schr Honoi-
pu:\for Nexvcastle, Aup. ' .- •
HONGKONG— Arrived July 13^Br stmr Gae-
lic, 'hence June II. ¦ . • ;, ¦ -
CALLAO— Arrived . June 26— Ger bark Antu-
co, from -Vancouver. ¦ '•:'_ > " ' '•
LONDON— Arrived July 12— Br stmr Teen-
kai. from Tacoma. • ¦ ' •_- •-
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived July 7— Ger stmr
FOREIGN PORTS.
GRATS HARBOR— Arrived July 12— Stmr
Fulton, hence July 7; schr Jennie Thelln, hence
June - 27: sbhr Guide, from San Pedro. . .
Sailed July 12— Sclir . La Gironde, for San
Francisco. . ' ''.." .' ¦
US At— Sailed: July • 13— Stmr -Aloha, for .San
Francisco.''.' ."' • ' \ ' • • ; ¦ '."
PORT LUDLOW-Arrived July.13-Ship.Lour
Islana and schr Robert Lewers, from Port
Townsend. ¦, r -¦¦•.. r ¦¦¦ ~ •¦
NEAH BAT— Passed out July 13— Ship M P
Grace, from Port Hadlock. for- Sydney.' ..
WHATCOM— Arrived July 12— Stmr Rainier,
from Seattle. July.; 13— Stmr Robert Dollar,
from Seattle. * ' " " - • '¦ . ' :
SANTA CRUZ— Arrived _ July 13— Tug Res-
cue, from Ventura, with barge Santa Paula
UNALASKA— Arrived July 'l— Stmr Chlco,
hence June 15. ¦ ¦ .
Alsterdam, from Tacoma. - "_' ¦
ALGOA-BAY-Salled July 6-Shlp Clarence
S Bement, for Guam. '
CALLAO— Sailed June 28— Br bark Baroda.
for. Oregon. July 10-^Br ship Chas Colesworth.
for Royal ~Roads. -¦;-" -_--¦-- :-—' - ¦ -.-¦ "¦ «
. SANTA ROSALIA— Sailed June- 25-Ger bark
Artemis, for Taltal. \ , •'
'. -:. OCEAN STEAMERS.
JTEW TORK— Arrived July 13— Stmr L'Aqul-
taine. from liavre. - . • •-- • - -
. Sailed s July 13— Stmr Minneapolis, for Lon-
don; stmr Menomlnee, for London;, stmr Pots-
dam, for Rotterdam, via Boulogne; stmr An-
choria, for Glasgow; Btmr Campania, for Liv-
erpool; atmr -Phoenicia, - for Hamburg."
Arrived July 13— Stmr Umbria, .. from Llver-
P °Y0K0HAMA— Arrived prior to July 13— Stmr
Hongkcns Maru. from San Francisco, via
Honolulu, for Hongkong; stmr Klnshlu Maru,
LIVERPOCiL— Arrived July 13— Stmr Taurlc,
from New York.. " '~~
SaUed July 13— Stmr Bovic. for York;
Btmr Lucanla. for New Tork.
GLASGOW— Sailed July 13— Stmr Ontario,
for Montreal. . ¦ __ __,
BREMEN— Sailed. July 13-Stmr H H Mler.
for ' > T ew York. - " %
HAVRE— Sailed July 13— Stmr La Gascogne,
'°ANTOERP-^Sailed July 13— Stmr South-
wark, for New Tork.
The J. Koonan Furniture Co. (Inc.) >
\ ©^n-OH-blTTbL-AT-A-TinE: ( '
Chamber Suites I;
\ Only $15.5O. / (|
\ Elegant golden oak finish fine '
( suites for very little money. We |
} have more expensive ones for <'
) more money; mahogany, oak, )
\ cherry, etc. We can furnish your \
\ whole house complete for a very (
small figure. We pay no rent— I
you get all the benefit. Try us i'
once and you will always trade I
here. . \
The J. NcoDan Fornltiire Company >
(Incorporated), \
10 1 7-1 IO23 Mission Street. !
Above Sixth, San Francisco. I
We close at 8 p. m. every day but '.
Saturday. - »
Golf-Grip 1
Eye-Glasses
(Patented April 2, 1901),
NEVER TILT OR SLIP
Only to be had of
OPTICIANS^Sp^"^.
642 Market 5t. imstrumcmts
uMDtR CHROwcit BU11DIN&. CATALOGUE FREE-
. '^m^^^L MEN and
;^MJ^P women
>*^3^S3iS^^S^*r can obtain r-?n?w-d
/ *'VS!^»3^h5 V% ' etren K t n and \-l5cr
' >JV5%SSb3^ Vt \ by the use of "Dr
./ A ?^yJTXV» \V Pierce'* (latest Im-
€J* r* i t> \v \ proved) E L. E C-
- — * - x TRIC BELT" and
appliances. Druses
<Jo not cure. ElectrlcltT Is th« remedy'
Buy no Belt until you see "Dr. Pierca'a ••
for It Is the BEST and the lowest In price
C7CalI at otflce or send a 2-cent stamn
lor new "Booklet No. 2." Address PIERCE
ELECTRIC CO.. 2OR Poi-t *t.. Saa Fran
Cisco. New York office— llta Croadway.
. DR. KEE.
iL^w A * a<> ST OCKTON ST --
BJ^S> M Sai » Francisco Cai*
-W^ V th- S T reCent i y established
\y ? the Tea and Herb Sanita-
¦'¦^kfTJlL. , Ot dls " >a8 *»- both exter-
nal and •nternal, and »n
RRITSHRS FOR BARBERS.' B.\K-
OLi U OUJJU «a. bcotbfack),. bath-
. '.¦£_ , houses, billiard tables
brewers, bookbinders. candy-ma'.{ ers . canneri'
dyers, flourtnllla. foundries, laundries. d*dJtC
hangers, printers, painters. *hoe factories:
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, «ta
- . ; BUCHANAN ? BROS. :
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacrarrierito St
Aleo " graduate 'AMERICAN COLLEGE OF:
OPHTHALMOLOGY: \ (Charter Member Ameri-
can" Association of Opticians. )_
1O71^ A Market r ;street
(Nearly opposite Hibernla Bank), San Francisco.
Persons .ordering glasses by mail should state
their age; also -whether glasses are wanted for
wading or distance, or both, and what price.
consultation, Examination- arid Advice Free.
Telephone - South 572. Open Evenings Until /$.
-/GERMAN EYEWATER, SOc."
CUT THIS OUT.
-' ; German Expert. Optician. • •- .
GERMAN OPTICAL" INSTITUTE.'
GEORGE MAYERLE,
are FAR SUPERIOR to. all others for reading;
or distance, weak eyes, poor sight, headaches,
dizziness, cloudiness of vision, floating- spots,
pains about the eyes, behind the- head or in
temples, nervousness, »/>re eyes, discharging
eyes, feeling like sand in the eyes, cross. eyes,
burning-, smarting; Itching, scratching, twitch-
ing, gluey or discharging eyes, heavy eyelids;
etc. Neglected eyesight affects the braln;
Mayerle's Glasses strengthen -the eyes ;and
brain. 1 Mayerle's Glasses are used by the high-
est United States Army, Navy and Government
officials. .
MAYERLE'S CLASSES ; '
DO NOT COST MORE THAN OTHERS, but
(Copyright and trademark applied for.)
EXTRA SPECIAL.
• We will have on display all -this weet ahout 250
pairs EXTRA FINE GOLDEN FLEECE WHITE
-BLANKETS, (Made' expressly for us hn the
Golden Gate Mills, this citg.) These Blankets are
for single, three-fjuapter and double heds and
also some extra large sizes. .The prices are from
$7.00 to $15,00 per pair and are the
"finest goods ever shown hu us.
UI.I13. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
300 pairs LACE CURTAINS In Colonial Net, Fish Net
.and Saxonn Net stnles, hoth white and ecru, with
fast lockstitch edges. Price S3.OO pair.
175 pairs TAPESTRY PORTIERES,' 8 airrerent color-
/ Ings, with handsome Knotted Fringes top and
/ bottom \ are all full length and width.
( : - Price $2.75 pair.
; 5 cases WHITE ENGLISH MARSEILLES BED-
SPREADS for ftill-slze heds. Than come In 8
different designs and are all hemmed.
x ' Price $3.50 each.
SPECIALS FOR THIS WEEK:
During ttiis montli our gus-
tomeps will- find. Extpaor-
dinapu Values in all oup
flBDap-tments, : ¦
/MtolU fill Illli5^\ There'll be over iooo Summer Wash Waists in the lot
1M«[1S illB(l/^t\ with which to commence this sale Monday mornins?.
/iHWfl'illi^^/ We've just finished stock taking and every odd and
\Y end an<^ broken line in stock has contributed to this big
Av^^Smii^Si assortment. All are this season's goods and some of
WKNjy .^ the choicest styles we have. are among them. 'Values
if^«a\ h U P to $2 50 in linen, chambray, madras, percale, etc.. in
"V^^^ 1 ' //Mil colors; also sheer white lawns. All have been selling
y "" readily at the regular prices, but we prefer giving you
•, "^ a benefit and closing them out now, and quickly "at a re-
,' . ; Huced price when you've a present need for then\ rather
, than when the season is over. All sizes from 32 to 44 to begin the sale with,
and a choice for the early comers: " , ... /" •
SAILOR HATS. SUMMER JACKETS.
Jf— '— — - — -- — *¦ There'll > ' » ; -*T. h i s
1 SPECIAL 95c j^s ISPECIAL $2.50iS £
'.if" \ • '¦ ¦ — — ¥ty doz- *- — — rafter
en women's high grade, natural stock taking result and tells of the
rough straw* Sailor Hats," with black reduced price for next week on all
or^white silk bands, for a' choice on our remaining $5 and $6 styles in
Monday; morning. They're our reg- women's summer weight Covert and.
ular $1 50 and $2 values ; reduced to Kersey Coats. They're Eton and
:95c; 'are the Ideal hat for: general jaunty short jacket styles, in colors
summer wear and for'outin/i occa- navy, tan, castor, and black; full silk
sioris.\ '/: ¦- lined and tailor finished. tX;^ 1
SiLK WAISTS. CRASH SKIRTS.
iMcWiSSS ISPECIAL SKDOlE^
-.'^ ."...'..'"!. : —" — - — *vomen's . Y . . ; — *c o 1 o r
silk waists at this -reduced price are crash are of a superior quality'and an
the handsomest $5, $6 and $7 .so sorts attractive style; hang well and are-
'we've shown this season;. with all the .trimmed around with rows of white
most desirable colors and black to braid. They're the correct com-
chbdse from. Attractive style designs panion' to the shirt waist for summer
in corded,. strapped, tucked and vari T wear; are dust»shedding and launder
. ous stitched effects. .; Note the saving, perfectly. ¦ ;;^-CV \ ¦
¦pfc. JZD* ?: M Go.
¦¦¦; Cor. Geaiy Street and.Grari, Avenue.;^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
EXPERT. OPTICIAN.
WITH A CROWN OF SUCCESS.
ra ir ' *t ' JElf Jbl^ X^^k fi E^^ Ba
¦ MIDSUMMER'SALEl
i 3 This is Epworth Leagrue week. Strangers are taking: in the attractions H
¦§S of the city and residents are showing them about. It is safe to say that M
[3 no more Interesting sights can be found than that of our fine Bhoes In R
tJ broken, lots, small sizes and some complete lines, selling- for prices like ¦
m Ladles' (Hanan & Son's) Tan Russia Calf Lace. Goodyear, welt, the B
M newest shapes. Our regular $6 shoes. " - . u H
M REDUCED TO 84 5OH
SI LafiIeE'_finm Tan Chrome Kid Turn Sole Button and Lace." Worth $5. 9
I MISSES' AND CHILDREN'S; 9
£3 Misses' and ChilSren's Fine Black Kid, heavy extension sole, - button H
4 and lace, all Elzes and widths. . . ' H
H* - Sizes 5 to 8 REDUCED TO «1 O."> 9
hi sizes s»4 to 10% reduced to ki:£KH
t| Sizes U to 2 REDUCED TO : •••§1 gKB
P -^BOYS' AND YOUTHS'. 1
|d Boys' and Youths' best quality Satin Calf Extension Sole School Shoes, Bj
En 2.11 sizes and widths. ' ¦ ¦ - • : --r .-¦¦¦ ' ' r * ¦¦ H
.HP Sizes 11 to 2 REDUCED TO ...JKl.GOB
¦M Sizes 2 l A to 6 REDUCED TO S1.T5 IIi Pages 23 to 32
Q**4++ #???*?*?#?????#?*???*???#
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY^ JXJJL.Y 14i 1901.
Final Arrangements for Receiving: and Entertaining
the Main Army of Delegates Is Completed by
the General Convention Committee.
ADVANCE GUARD OF THE EPWORTH LEAGUE REACHES
SAN FRANCISCO AND IS RECEIVED WITH WARMTH
BY THE FAITHFUL RECEPTION COMMITTEE WORKERS
JT7 ORTY trains are scheduled to ¦ depart from Ogden at
j[~^ midnight, with thirty minutes' hcadzuay for each, and all
will arrive in San Francisco on' Tuesday next .in time
for the grand chonis and concert on the evening of that day.
LEAGUERS WILL LEAVE UTAH TO-NIGHT.
•;. .' ; Crispi Is " Seriously i 111.
>¦ NAPL.ES v July 13.— Francisco Crlspi. the
celebrated; statesman; is jseriousiy-'illr •"_.¦¦
.The sermon, at; the, 10:39 mass -at St. Ig
natius Church will .- be " preached by Rev.
William; Culligan. ' Rev." : " Joseph' Rlordan,'
S. r J. . will : preach in: the evening. -_ , : . ' " :
Rev. ; J. J. : Doran . of. St. ; Patrick's Semi
nary,-Menlo, Park, ..will^preach the ser
mon at the ll # b'clock mass in SC Mary's
(Paulist). Church. . . '• t .
the evening.
.- This . morning at . St. ' Mary's Cathedral
Rev. J. J. Prendergast, V. G., will deliver
the* discourse at the 11 o'clock mass. Rev.
J. : . B> Hannigan will occupy the pulpit in
Rev.' J. B. Miller, D. D., of St. Louis.
(secretary, of the Board of Missions of the
Cumberland Presbyterian Church, will
address men's meeting at the Young
Men's Christian Association at 3 o'clock
this ' afternoon.:; . ¦ •
"TltevNew Creation" is the theme on
which Rev. H. H. Bell of the First United
Presbyterian Church will preach in the
morning; He will preach on "The Peace
You Crave" in the evening.
Evangelist Boss will, preach at Penlel-
Mission, 49 Third street, at 3 o'clock on
the [ subject, "A Living Picture of the
BridV of Christ." * r: ; >>>'-?:'?
: - Rev. John Hemphlll, pastor of . Calvary
Presbyterian Church, ¦ will .' preach both
sermons. "The New Song" Is | the sub
ject- of the- evening sermon—
At the First Christian Church Rev.
Frank S. Ford will preach -on. "The Law
of -Christ" and '.'Christ and the . Indlvid
u&i.".
¦ "The Hidings of Power" is the "title of
the sermon to be preached by Rev. John
A. B.- Wilson in the morning at the How
ard-street Methodist Episcopal • Church.
"The One Only Essential of Clylstian
Life and Character" is the subject of dis
course in the evening. \
Rev. William Rader of the Third Con
gregational Church will preach morning
and evening, his' subjects being, '.'Wait
ing , Upon God" • and Science ' and what It
has done for religion, as Illustrated in the
theories of John Fiske and Professor Le
Conte." . • Y^;-:.;
Epistle to the Saints That are in San
Francisco."
street is the initial point of reception and
from there the visitors are escorted across
the- bay and turned over, to the_ San Fran
cisco section. Messrs. Finch," Needham,
the accommodation of passengers arriv
ing on the la.te trains. Chief : Wharfinger
Percy Henderson has been untiring inhis
efforts to aid the committee,, and his ser
vices have oeen heartily appreciated^ ..
On the Oakland side ' the Alameda
County section at the Oakland pier has
been comfortably installed in one of -the
waiting rooms, where the aids gather to
meet the incoming, trains. Sixteenth
frt-Md HAT the advance guard of the |
r \. Dpworth League has taken pos-
I session of San Francisco, the
| crowded streets, with the white
| caps, Maltese cross badges and
"^^ league colors so constantly In
evidence amply prove. Every
Incoming overland train furnishes its
quota of Leaguers to swell the number
now in the city, so that their presence in
our midst is becoming more and more
conspicuously apparent.
!Co less than 600 leaguers arrived In the
city yesterday, making the total now here
nearly 3000. Yesterday's arrivals belonged
to no special party, but they came as
ordinary passengers on toe regular trains,
of which four arrived. AH trains were
from one to three hours late, but this did
not disconcert the members of the recep
tion committee, who extended ' the hand
of welcome to every traveler . who wore
the Epworth cap or league badee. One
party of twenty-five arrived at the foot
of Market street at 5:30 a. m., where they
were met by the committee and escorted
to the. Pavilion. The members of the
party were registered and after breakfast
had been provided all were furnished
quarters by the entertainment committee.
This prompt discharge of duty, even at
the expense of personal comfort, is dis
played among the membership of all the
committees without exception. It is to
this enthusiasm manifested by the active
workers that the success of the Epworth
convention ¦ wiU be principally due.
Through the painstaking efforts of these
indefatigable workers on the committees
the reputation of California for warm
hearted hospitality will be added to.
All Incoming trains were met by the
Berkeley and Oakland 'sections of the re
ception committee. * The- sectipn- at the
ferry was managed by-J.-C Smith. The
Oakland section was. under the guidance
of A. H. Trathen.
The treatment accorded the members of
the committee and the aids by the public
officials and the transportation people has
been most courteous. Every effort is be
ing made to assist those . in charge of
terminal points in the most practical
manner. The Harbor Commissioners have
even gone to the Inconvenience of vacat
ing their offices in the grand nave of the
ferry building, and have installed the fer
ry section of the reception' committee
therein. The Commissioners.. ha,ve- also
agreed to light up the building whenever
the reception committee may desire It for
I ENERGETIC EPWORTH LEAGUERS WHO REPRESENT SAN FRANCISCO IN HEARTILY WELCOMING CITY'S GUESTS.
•. The Epworth 'League transportation; bu
reau and the affiliated transfer companies,
undeY the direction of Chief Clerk P. D.
Thornbrough,' with . headquarters in ; the
south end of the nave 'of the "ferry build
ing, seem to be in a position to success
fully cope with the baggage question." The
system. for handling the baggage Is so or
ganized that it makes a - complete chain
from the general committee - of the \ Ep
worth League through the- affiliated trans- 1
fers into the. baggage-room -on the^wharf.
The system is clever and sfmple,, with. litr
tie , detail,: and • if . the ¦ incoming, delegates
will . bear • in mind .the Injunction "> they, re
ceive.' to • hand their - baggage J checks '¦ only*
The volunteer aid committee under i the
direction of C. J. Haars is doing efficient
service. Its particular -province is' to: as
sist wherever necessary. The members
supplement the work of the other com
mittee and are always to be found in
readiness to accept any detail. Mr.-Haars
has also installed in the. Pavilion a com
plete messenger service composed of -the
members of the Junior and Intermediate
Epworth ¦ Leagues ' of the city. A central
station, has been .established, with call
boards in each of the various committee
headquarters and' on the desk of each of
the principal officers, of the convention! /
The scenes of 1897 are being . re-enacted
on the Oakland ferry-boats. Friday night
the Oakland . singing section of the con
vention chorus, which had been in at
tendance at the concert rehearsal, gave
an impromptu concert on the Piedmont as
they were crossing the bay. under . the
leadership of 'Professor O. M. Vesper, who
mounted one of the seats and acted as
director. - The chorus rendered several
selections in a manner that gave much
pleasure to the weary commuters. •
Trathen and Uslnger have a large and en
thusiastic band of Oakland people under
their charge. . ;•>/;.•¦ . «•-
FIRST RECEIVED
ACROSS THE BAY
Impromptu Concert on Piedmont j by,
Oakland Section of Convention
Chorus. :
] ¦ This course has been" decided upon- in
order that -the attention of -.the'* vocalists
might not be"; diverted , from . the: sole duty
that » confronts r them— that 'of belngiabso
lutely perfects for r the opening on Tuesday 1
evenlngi i Only . members :. of v the*; chorus
therefore will i be admitted to the Pavilion
on Monday. evening 7 . - ' *" "< ' "V •;.; -.
; It. is announced by.. Chairman 'Husband
of the music committee that all rehearsals
of the chorus hereafter will be private: It
is Intended that none save members of the
chorus will' be 'admitted: to the '. building
during rehearsals. V ' ¦ .'¦ .
A. force . of seventy-five men has been
placed in the baggagerroom at the_f erry,
and It is believed that they wilKb? ln;a
position to handle all baggage,- without
confusion or. loss . of - t time. In order to
facilitate operations a baggage depot has
been 7 established ¦ at the; Pavilion •¦ in -the
chamber, adjoining , the; entertainment
booth. With the^aid thus afforded. tq trav
elers the % crush that - was ¦ a- : conspicuous
feature of the closing of the Christian En-;
deavor convention~of 1897 will undoubtedly
be- avoided.' : : . '«.'/ . - : .' v. : i; v : • '¦
The delegates upon arrival on this side
of the bay are taken to the bureau head
quarters and there surrender their checks,
taking proper, receipts bearing the nurn
bers^of the pieces pf brass. Upon being
given, the; address of the. home to which
they have been assigned , they take , them
to the headquarters ¦ of the baggage bu
reau, where those-in charge at once hand
the same, together with the ' check num
bers, to the transfer people. The baggage
corresponding with the number of -the
checks will be hunted up and sent to the
numbers . taken by . the clerk at . the Pa
vilion. In this manner the leaguers are
put into possession of their baggage in
the earliest possible time. and an accumu
lation of trunks at the ferry lsavoided.^
Checks and Numbers of Booms Ars
Taken at a Central '.•-.-?>
. Bureau. . v
WILL NOT LOSE
THEIR BAGGAGE
to the transfer bureau representatives
there will be little confusion. ;
-;In*;the morning Rev^: J.. : B.TGreen, D. D.|
of v ! - Southern .v California ¦'¦. .will . : preach
at v* the ¦';- Simpson • VMemorial.:-.',Methb
dist-, ; Episcopal ' Church J -'".The ; pastor I will ¦
preach in the evening ,'on- the subject '"The'
,..-f.-^o -¦¦ t..- ---,¦¦ -¦-;.:''-:-'¦ ..:"¦¦¦-: ,-.
>. Rev.': A. B.V.Ulrich, pastor : of the Rich-'
mond^Methodist Episcopal "Church, .will
preach '- to-day? pnlttie ¦ subjects i"Self-De-;
nial'-Var.d VThe Great: Healer. V" .. .
."Dangers -.That Confront :the Twentieth'
Century.. Church*' is . the : title . of the ser-'
n\cr.' to be preached- this -morning by. Rev.
A. Ci Bane of -the Calif oVnia-street Meth
odist Kpiscppar Church. "' In'ithe" evening"
the j pastor vwill j preach on ; !^If Christ Di
rected ',, the' Great "Epworth League* Con- !
vention."- •;•; * •¦•'•'-»¦:••-¦- ¦ ¦ -¦- ¦¦¦ ¦ -"¦ , . ¦ ¦
K Rev.' S. ; D. Hutsinpiller, pastor of the
Central Methodist Episcopal Church,; will
preach, 'in. -..the, evening -on "Supposing
Jesus Were in'the. Company." ' Vv,V'^
; Dr. James M. '• Buckley, editor of the
Christian Advocate of New. York andper
haps the most renowned. leader and orator
of I the -Methodist -¦•¦ denomination, will
preach this morning at the Central Meth
odist Episcopal Church. : --v ¦'•
Texts '.of : Sermons' to ¦ Be Delivered
To-Day in the City's
y Churches.,
WILL PREACH '
ON nANY THEMES
Southern Pacific, at Third and Townsend, in
charge of - Miss ;Ruth Sorrels. ; Committee— M.
WV Brown,- James Beard, Lizzie: Bean,' Isabella
Behrens. LI 111 e Campe, . Grace . Rlddock, G. j V.
McCausIand and wife, . Erasia Kingston, Mrs.
Foster, Emma Butler,. Georgia Hanks, 'Laura'
Cooper, Bessie Fromm, . Elsie . Keanely. L. . F.
Moore,: A." Anderson,. Florence Patterson, Maud
Coggins, Mary ' Halderman, Carrie . Stokes,
George* Poss;; Mrs.' J. S.* 'Elliott," Ethel Vance,
Etta .Davis, Alex Davis,'. James : Morris," Mabel
Harper, \G. VT. Halght; and -Pearl , GUleat. •¦".'
staff. ' Committees-Herbert' Freuler, R. "I*.
Grant, Frank J Kergan, ¦ Fred Morcom, Robert
Grant. 'J. Gohngorman. . "W. , R. . Lett. , John
Rogers. Calvin Morcom, Laura ' Morcom, '. Miss
J. Partridge, KJeie Moore, Mary Moore, Bertha
Smyth,* Florence Porter, Ivy Me Adams, Lucy
Hall, Etta- • Halli Jennie Hall, ' Lulu Forbes,-
Anita Provinct."- ..i_ ~ '_ " ,_ ". ..'¦.
r The >Kev."vW. : vB.'.;-Bell,f a" distinguished
evangelist connected:! with "the '.Southern
California conference, ; arrived in; the* city
and paid;a visit to the headquartersjast
evening. 6 He - will i occupy, the '/¦: pulpit ? of
Grace Methodist -.Episcopal i Church '..this
evening*" ?V. .;..¦¦/. M \ A ;-- • : ; • .-.'. iV. ¦;{¦:•> ,-.:
-.: The t members of t the .'specials station- re'
ceptlbn'¦ committee are as ' follows : >'. 1 •-.'%. :
i" Santa Fe ferry, ; in ¦ charge" of E."? K. .IBlgger-
The books include illustrations' of the
Yosemlte Valley," California"; missions ; and
scenes - of ; Southern \ California.';
ings' of the : Big .Trees in X the ¦ Yosemite.
printed in > three colors, will .¦ also be sold
at .'the Pavilion by. representatives of Jthe
Southern* Pacinc. "The prints, will: be Isold
at", 10. cents. ; : ; They j are ; encased , in card
board rollers ready if or ', mailing. ¦/:: tj ' . »-
During the-vlsit of Ithe members of thej
Epworth League .the. Southern- Pacific
Company' will; -distribute a series ..of
pamphlets describing, California": to* every*
visitor- who attends the j meetings at' the
Pavilion.' .'-.'. 7 -.-;:> ; : .>'- VV'JV
Railroad Will Distribute Many Cir
• 7 culars— -Special Keception \
.Committee. 1 "
i The .trains of the. leaguers at Salt^Lake
will '.leave Ogden- at- midnight. * : They' will
leave -with a headway, of a half-hour. : In
this manner the "first will arrive v early
Tuesday v morning,; and every ; . half-hour
thereafter until ali are in.
CALIFORNIA TO
K BE ADVERTISED
The Southern Pacific Company informed
the geperal committee last j night . that no
information ' concerning , the movement • of
special trains £J or ' of State ' delegations
would be supplied until Monday, evening. •;
.The further, sale of tickets for the. con
cert on Tuesday evening has been discon
tinued by A. A. -Knox, until" further no
tice. - The demand has been so large that
there was a' 1 prospect that many of the
leaguers now route -to the city would
be unable '. to . secure seats , for .the event.
The excellence of the programme, togeth
er^ with the unparalleled rush for reserved
seats, will: unquestionably necessitate
repetition of'the affair/ .. ":' /-¦-..•-.' •¦
I .Many a friend in need Is allowed to re- .
main -in: that condition."
A MEETING of the general com
mittee was. held at the Pavilion
last night. at which the various
sub-committees were represent
ed. The final details of the re
ception of visiting: leagtsers, as
well as their entertainment, were
presented and discussed. It was decided *
to make another appeal to the public for
donations to the fund, in the hope of rais
ing- an additional $5000, which is sorely
needed. The chairmen ! of the various
committees reported progress. /«' .-
The Pavilion will bV Closed to-day. ¦
arfid all members of committees will have
an opportunity of resting, preparatory to
the great rush on Tuesday. A. few of the
reception committee, however, will be on
hand at the ferry to-day to receive the
incoming leaguers who are expected to
arrive. It is reported that a number of
special trains will come in, but the re
port lacks confirmation by the railway
officials.
More than 100 leaguers registered at th'o
Pavilion last" evening.* The number In
cluded a delegation from Indiana, . and
many from Michigan and Iowa. All of
them were provided with quarters by the
entertainment committee.
Professor. Skeele will make a flnaj test
of the grand organ In the Pavilion this
aftlrnoon. The Instrument will be tuned
and placed in order for the concert on
Tuesday evening. Organist King will as
sist in the test.
A~ reception' will be given to the Penn
sylvania delegation at the First Methodist
Episcopal Church, on. Powell, between
Washington and Jackson streets, on Wed
nesday evening. Rev. F. K. .Baker, the.
pastor, who is a native %l Pennsylvania,
will deliver the address of welcome.
The illumination of Market street at
tracted the attention of thousands last
night, and was greatly admired. The^Ca^i
building was ablaze with light, and
its appearance delighted the throngs.
The ' Illuminated League emblem at
Fourth and Market streets formed a con
spicuous feature of the electrical display.
The emblems to be erected at Fifth. Sixth
and Seventh streets will be in place to
morrow.
Rev. Mr. Fllben wired President McKIn
ley in behalf of the general committee
yesterday, requesting him to press the
button by which the concert on Tuesday
will be formally opened. At 10 o'clock last
night no answer had. been received.
Kept Her Railroad Ticket.
Mrs. Bessie Shotwell, who. is here to at
tend the Epworth League convention, so
cured a warrant yesterday for the arrest ,
of J. Graham Jr., ticket agent at 17 New
Montgomery street, on the charge* of pet
ty larceny. She' accuses him of keeping her
railroad 'ticket which she took to his'of
fice Friday ; to get , stamped for Omaha
for the return trip. Graham was ar- #
rested and released on cash bail.
•?*?•? ??#•???#?*?*?•?*?*?*???•?*?©
[Pages 23 #32 1, Don't think for a minute that the World
owes you a ; living, 7 young g man.' ;; It : was
herenonffi before youritime, and? is in, a
position to have you pinched for not keep-
Very low season • round trip tickets to
Lake Tahoe from San Francisco, Oakland,
Alameda, Berkeley, San Jose, - Stockton,
Sacramento,- -MarysvUle, Napa.v Santa
Rosa,' Woodland. . Friday ' to • . Tuesday,
round trip from San .Francisco only $10.80.
-Literature nearest ,. agent or; at . 613 '¦ liar
iket street. 1 "- '¦. v'C" r ~ ".¦"••• ¦¦.•;¦¦•'.?¦ "•¦*¦.»<..'¦*•;:.-',¦-.
Lake Tahoe'and Return. ¦
Will Compete in Relay Race.
SAN* JOSE. July 13.— Captain J. W. Der
mody, Burton Downing, Jack Wing, Ed
Waste, Arthur McDonald, Homer Lowe,
L. Letcher. M. Francis, , Carl Marty C*
Umbcrg, - Roy Gates and Norton Mahoii
(substitute) of the Garden City Wheel
men left here. to-day for Reno, Nev to
take part In the fifty-mile relay race there
to-morrow. The men are in good condi
tion, but > their . friends - fear the unaccus
tomed altitude may affect them." ¦'
I NIAGARA-ON-THE-LAKE, Ont.. July
13. : — W. A. Larned of Summit, N. J., won
the Canadian championship here this aft
ernoon by default from ; M. D. Whitman
of ; Boston, 1 last ". year's champion. : The
doubles of the final resulted in a five set
victory for.W.J. Clothier and M. Opden
The handicap - finals will be played on
Monday between Wright and M
Ogden. Scores: Men's singles, champion
ship round— W. . A. -Lamed, challenger
beat M. D. Whitman, holder, by I default
Men's -doubles, final- round — "W. J. Cloth
ier, Philadelphia, and Montgomery Ogden,
Prh!ceton.\beat Beals Wrlght'and Irving
Wright.' Boston.* 8-6, 5-7. 6-2, 0-6.. 8-6. La
dles'-* singles, ¦ championship round— Miss
Summerhays." holder, beat-Mrs.' Burgess
challenger,; C-3, 2-6, 6-0, 8-5. 1 • — . ~
New Jersay Man* Victorious.
CHICAGO, July 13— R-D. Little of New
York won the. American. tennis champion
ship this afternoon at the Kenwood Club
courts from Krelgh Collins of Chicago by
the score of 3-6. 1-2, 6-2. 9-7. Little and
Alexander are already champions of the
West In doubles, and - to-day's victory
Elves Little the leadership in singles as
well Collins, on the whole, played more,
brilliant tennis and Little the steadier
game. Collins was beaten chiefly because
his physical endiirance seemed unequal to
the task of playing out a hard set at top
speed. . - ' . •_-; •- '"
Little Wins Tennis Honors.
BIRMINGHAM, Eng., July 13.— At the
Birmingham Athletic Club meeting to-day
the 120-yard hurdle race was won by A.
C Kraenzlein : of the University of Penn
sylvania in 15 2-5 seconds, beating his. own
Stamford Bridge record. In the 120-yard
hurdle handicap Kraenzlein fell, and I. K.
Baxter of the University of Pennsylvania
(13 yards) and B. W- Gould of Newport
(14 yards) ran a dead heatin 18 1-5 sec
onds. The high jump was won by Baxter,
who cleared 6 feet 1 inch, defeating
Kraenzlein, with 5 feet 6 inches to his
credit The 100-yard dash was won by
Arthur Duffy of Georgetown University in
10 2-5 seconds. • ' ; ;
Athletic Sports in. England.
held Its regular Saturday medal contest at
Stow Lake, Golden Gate Park, yesterday,
the attendance being light from the -fact
that many of the members are now on the
mountain streams enjoying the trout fish-,
ing, tnat is now at its best. President'
Mansfield and Mr. Everett acted* ' as
judges, Mr. Muller as referee and Mr. 1
Young as clerk. The scores of the mem-'
bers who competed are as follows:
RECORDS OF THE FLY- V.
CASTERS AT STOW LAKE
Attendance Small Because of the
Counter Attractions of the
Mountain Streams.
The San Francisco Fly-Casting Club
The $120,000,000 of iron and steel products
exported last year exceeds the total of
American manufactures exported twenty
years ago.
werp crowded with players yesterday, from
morning until evening. The event was a'
match between two teams, captained by
J. J. Crooks and R. Gilman Brown. Five
of the matches were played in the,morn
ing and the rest in the afternoon. , In the
morning's play Major C. Christensen
scored 7 up for R. G. Brown's side but
against this D. Hardy was 7 up, Mrs
George Heazelton 1 up, Mrs. F. W. Skaife
5 up and Mrs. L. A. Wright 4 up; leaving
R. G; Brown's team 10 to the good. The
afternoon's play changed all this. J. J.
Crooks' team being 11 up when the last
score was handed in at 6 o'clock. The full
details are shown in the following table:
J. J. CrookVs side— I R. G. Browns side-
Up. • . up.
J. J. Crooks :... 0'R. G. Brown 5
Mrs. R. G. Brown.... 0 C. A. Belden. :........ 3
Dr. H. O. Howitt.... 4 C. P. Pomeroy.: 0
Mrs. D. E. Skinner.. l'Mrs. T. T. Williams. 0
A. A. Curtis 8 R. D. Murray.; 0
R. P. Rorrlson ."."'0 H. 'Sonntag ;; 2
F. I Hi Green 0 Dr. F. V~. Skaife.... 7
F. S. Johnson......... 1 T. T. Williams....... 0
G. E. Babcock 8 W. H. La Boyteaux. 0
J. K.Bee... : 4iVincent Neale 0
I,. A. Wright OS. H. Boardman...... 4
Maurice Casey 0'G. E. Starr 6
W. J.' Casey.. »|H. T. Huie..... •
E. H. Fltzhugh..:.... 4. P. H. Ingram.. 0
W. Graham 0 E. A. Barnes ....2
E. J. Hooper. o Major C. Christensen. 7
Douglas Hardy....... ".Mark Gerstle ... % .... 0
Mrs. Geo. Heazelton. l'Mrs. J. J. Crooks...^ 0
Mrs. F. W. Skaire.... oiMrs. E. J. Hooper.... 0
Mrs. Wright 4 Mrs. W. J. Casey..... 0
(Jther. matches........ 2 Other matches '0
Total ....47 Total ..............36
•Tie. . ,
In addition to the above named, I. J.
Well played against W. L_Gerstle, S. G.
Buckbee was matched against Mrs. F/S:
Johnson and Mrs. W. Gerstle tried con
clusions with Miss Hecht, the first named
of each pair, being on J. J. Crooks' side
and the last named on the team captained
by R. G. - Brown. As a~ result of these
three matches two holes were - added to
J. J. Crooks' team score, .making them
winners by 11 up. The two holes credited
to E. 'A.- Barnes were trained by the de
fault of his opponent, William Graham.
?There were four prizes, two being pew
ter, flagons and the other, two flower
vasei» Of these three were awarded to
the three players scoring most holes on
the winning side and the fourth was given
as a consolation prize to the player mak
ing the. best score on the losing team. G
E. Babcock . took first prize, being , S ' up
against his opponent." '• . ;. ,-
The links of the San Rafael Golf Club
GOLFERS GALORE ON" '
; SAN RAFAEL LINKS
SACRAMENTO. July 13.— There are a
number of sportsmen In the city from vd»
rious parts of Northern California to par
ticipate in the bluerock shooting tourna
ment begun here to-day and to . continue
to-morrow. Sixty men faced the traps
to-day and seven twenty-bird events were
shot off. The best score was made by
McCutchecn. who broke 133 out of 140 blue
rocks. To-morrow the elegant Kimball &
Upson trophy will be shot for, and there
will be a team shoot of clubs from. Wil
lows. Chico. Marysvllle, Sacramento and
other places. '
Bluerock Tournament.
Peter W.McGIade, ex-bookkeeper in the
office of the Superintendent of Streets,
who was ¦ convicted by a jury en the
charge of forgery, was sentenced by
Judge Burnett of Santa Rosa, who tried
the case, to eight years in San Quentin
yestdrday. A stay of proceedings of thir
ty days was granted to enable the defend
ant's attorney, T. J. Lennon, to prepare
a bill of exceptions preparatory to an ap
peal to the Supreme Co«rt.
When the case was called yesterday
morning Lennon made a motion for a new
trial, chiefly on the ground that the Judge
had erred In his instructions to the jury.
He quoted numerous authorities in .sup
port of the motion. Assistant District At
torney Deuprey briefly replied, and the
Judge denied the motion. ¦
• The Judge said it was not a pleasant
duty to pass Judgment upon the defend
ant, but the lav/ must be upheld. One of
the most grievous points , that>he had
noted during the trial was the defendant's
insensibility to the fact that he had com
mitted a crime against honorable men.' He
regretted that the custom was too preva
lent for young men. to condone offenses
of the kind. They seemed to glorify men
who committed these crimes, and in that
regard they fell far short of the customs
of their fathers. He failed to understand
why the defendant had committed the
crime. Ho seemed a young man of ability
and intelligence, and was apparently fit tb
fill any position in the gift cf the com
monwealth. He could not comprehend it.
As the court was about to pronounce
judgment Attorney Lennon interrupted
him and 'made an earnest and impassioned
plea for the mercy of the court, not alone
for the defendant, but for his wife and lit
tle son. 1 He pointed out that the defend
ant had. been nearly three years in jail,
and for the short time he had been at lib
erty he. had worked to support his family,
showing a desire for reformation.
- "I have no assurance of that," replied
the Judge. •= "If I thought the - defendant
was sincere In; his reformation I would
not sentence him to a single day."
Lennon continued his plea, and stiid that
although the defendant might seem cold
and phlegmatic he keenly felt the position
in which he had placed himself. There
was already a conviction against him and
the case was in the Supreme Court on ap
peal,'and there was still another case on
the court's calendar. The day would come
when the defendant would walk from the
prison walls to take up again the battle
of life -with a renewed and good purpose.
< Deuprey said there was no desire on the
part of the prosecution to be merciless,
but if seemed to him that the defendant
had forgotten his wife and child when
committing the crime. It was not done
in a moment of passion, but was premedi
tated. - . . • -
The Judge said he would give Judgment
at 1:30 o'clock, and at that time when
court reconvened. he said'.that the defend
ant was yet young . and there- was a
chance of his reformation. "• Punishment
was not so much, to punish, -but to re
strain others from crime. If the defend
ant- had a ,. proper idea of citi
zenship and became a good citizen he
might do v well, as he had a splendid per
sonality and intelligence. His first impres
sion Lwas to give him the limit, fourteen
years, but under, all. the circumstances he
thought ; the ends of justice would be
served by a sentence of eight? years in San
Quentin.- : ,--.. ¦..'-.. }' >
McGlade .retained % his composure
throughout, and did not seem in. the least
perturbed when sentence was passed upon
him. The trial of the/other, case against
him was continued for three weeks. : • .
Judge Burnett Sentences
Man Convicted of
Forgery.
PUNISHMENT
FOR M'GLADE
James .Alfred Page Is concluding his fif
tieth year as head master of the old
Dwight School in Boston.
DETROIT, Mich., July 13.— The Blua
Ribbon meeting of the Detroit Driving
Club at the Grosse Polnte track, begin
ning next Monday, will open the grand
trotting circuit for 1901. As usual the
Merchants' and Manufacturers' $10,000
stake for 2:24 class trotters will be the
feature and a splendid field will be under
the wire when the word is given. Fol
lowing are the starters: Alberta D., A1-,
goneta. A. J. D., Bella Kuzer, Country
J., Dalton McCarthy, Eleatea, George
Smith, . Iva Dee, John Hooper, ' Louise
Jefferson, Neva Simmons, Point Dexter
Porto Rico, Quoddy Girl, Rhea, Rose, Ted,
Zario and Zilka H. . . •
The Chamber of Commerce $5000 stake
for 2:24 pacers on Monday has as start
ers: Brown Braden, Bunco Jr., Challie
Downing, Clear Night, Cricket, Ed Ben
nett. Fred H., Harry Logan. J. C. King
Willis, Laura McCord. LilHe Knox, My
sotis. Plenty. Rajah. Reckless, Stanton
Wilkes, Star Pugh and Zipper. ;
a Notable Card.
Grand Circuit Is to Be Opened With
TKOTTEBS AT DETROIT.
sledges to beat Nansen's record. It was
here that an English explorer, Jackson,
was staying when Nansen and, his com
panion came back from their historic
journey. And hither came Wellman. an
American, several years ago when he
meditated an attack on the pole. Baldwin
was with him at the time.
Baldwin has etudied the procedure and
equipments of his predecessors carefully,
and has sought ' to discover the reasons
why they did not achieve greater tri
umphs. He has sought to improve on their
methods. He carries an unusual lot of
food in condensed form and more dogs to
haul his sledges than any other Arctic ex
plorer ever had. In other particulars also
it is probable he is better provided for his
undertaking. Moreover, he takes the Stars
and Stripes, a Masonic flag, a great sup
ply of Yankee pluck and the good wishes
of a host of friends.
AMERICAN LEAGUE""" !s
CHICAGO, July. 13.— Milwaukee won *a hard-,
fought contest > by' bunching hits in the sixth,
eighth and . ninth innings. Attendance, 4500.
Score: ¦ — — - - • -¦
Clubs— ; R. . H. '; E.
Chicago •• jj-- 1 jj
Milwaukee .....3 11 2
Batteries— Hawley and Sparks and
Connor.
PHILADELPHIA. ¦ July 13.— The local team
proved to be the better mudlarks to-day. The
game was called at the end of the seventh
inning on account of rain. Attendance, ¦ 2256.
Sccre : ,
Clubs— R- - H. E.
Philadelphia ••• «' I I
Boston • 1 5 3
Batteries— Fraser and Smith; Mitchell,. Mor-^
rissey and Scnreick. ::
¦ DETROIT, July 18. — As an exhibition of poor
batteries to-day's game was ' the best of the
season. Attendance, 3600. Score:
Clubs- R- H. E.
Detroit : 19 1J -. §
Cleveland 12 6 5
Batteries— Miller and Buelow; "Weyhlng, Dow-
Hng, McAleer and Wood.
Fittsburg 5 8 2
Philadelphia ,3 -7 4
Batteries — Cnesbro and Zimmer; Orth, McFar
land and Jacklltch. Umpire — Emslie. rj?
CHICAGO, July 13.— The locals defeated Bos
ton tOrday by a batting rally in the sixth inn
ing, making seven runs. Attendance 1800. The
score:
Clubs— : . . R. H. . E.
Chicago 7 . 10 . 2
Boston ...V 6 .10 ; . 1
Batteries— Hughes ' and Kling; Willis and
Kittrldee,- Umpire— O'Day. ¦
CINCINNATI, July 13.— Errors gave Brook
lyn most of their runs to-day. McJames was hit
freely. Attendance 3000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 8 9 4
Brooklyn 9' 13 1
Batteries— Guese and Bergen: McJames, Car
sey and McGuire. ? Umpire — Nash. .
St. Louis 8 . 10 0
New York ...-. 252
Batteries — Murphy and Ryan: Mills, Bower
man and Warner. Umpire — O'Day.
PITTSBURG, July 13.— The Fittsburgs hit
Orth at opportune times and won with ease.
Attendance 7400. , Score:
Clubs— ' . R. H. E.
S. LOUIS, July 13.— Mills made his debut with
New Tork to-day. Hi was hammered hard, but
not until rank support had unnerved him. At
tendance 12.000. Score:
Clubs— . R. H. E.
EASTERN BASEBALL GAMES.
Kcsults of the Playing r in National
and American ILsagues.
' NATIONAL LEAGUE.
fi^--J ROMSOE, Norway, July . 13.— On
I the 16th inst. the Baldwln-Zlegler
I Arctic-expedition will sail from
\1L here. Baldwin, accompanied . By
Otis ' and W. Schamp, who have
charge of the equipment, will go on board
the chartered ship Frithjof to Vardoe,
where he will purchase Arctic necessities.
From that ..point he will ¦ proceed to a
small town. near. Archangel to gefvhis
horses and dogs. .;' ¦¦ ", . . . . .' . - ; j
The three vessels of the. expedition, the
America, the Belglca and the Frithjof ras
sembled off Frans Josef Land.- Evelyn
Baldwin will go to various points on the
White Sea and embark 400 dogs.
Baldwin's attempt to reach the North
Pole is made possible by the generosity
There ¦was quite an exciting race on the
bay yesterday morning and now chal
lenges and counter challenges are being
bandied about among the launch boatmen.
The launches Crowley and Willfam D
carry the morning papers <rom this side
to Oakland.. The former boat, is fitted
with a 45-borsepower engine, while the
William D Is propelled by a Union 25
horsepow^r engine. The Crowley was first
•away yesterday morning and was well on
her way toward Goat Island when the
"VYiniam D came out of the Folsom-street
slip. It was a stern chase all the way
across and up Oakland Creek, but the
"William D was in first and the crew had
her papers on the wharf when the Crow
ley came up.
There was some Joking over the run and
then the captains of the two boats made
a match to raco from the mouth of Oak
lard Creek to Mission-street wharf for $3
a eide. It was aip and tuck nearly all the
way, but the lower powered boat drew
away inch by Inch and at the finish the
William D was six boat lengths ahead.
PAPEB BOATS HAVE A HAG£
William D and Crowley Have Test
of Speed on the Bay.
j Seventh race, seven furlongs, selling — La
Desirous won, Hungarian ; second. Grantor
third. Time, 1:29. , " .
BUFFALO, July 131— Weather pleasant, track
fast at Fort Krie. Results:
First race, 'six furlongs. selling— Toung
Henry won, Nina ¦ B second. Miss Shanley
third. Time. 1:14%.
Second race, four and a half furlonga — Doyle's
Commoner won. Silk Cord second, Vlviani
third. Time, :54%.
Third race, six furlongs, selling— Silent Friend
won. Lady Hayman second, Edinborough, third.
Time, 1:15%.
Fourth race, one mile, selling — Patra II won.
Giipss 'Work sec«nd. Lixzie third. Time. 1:40%.
Five furlongs,, selling— Bronze Medal won,
Lauretta Burke second, Lady Handy third.
Time. 1:02. •
Steeplechase, short course — Interference won,
Harry Corbln second, Auld Lang Syne third.
Time, 3:34. •
BUTTE, Mont.. July ll— Track heavy, at
tendance poor. Summary:
Four furlongs — Spindel won. Undergrowth
second. Bill , Bchmanson third. Time. :49%.
Six furlongs— Sweet Caporal won. High Hoe
second, Duckoy third. Time, 1:15%.
& One mile — Ada N won. Hagerdon second, Al
garetta third. Time, 1:43%.
One mile and seventy, yards — Gauntlet won,
Julletta B second. Donator third. Time, 1:50%.
Five furlongs — Adnor won, Alary* s Garter sec
ond. Sir Dougall third. Time, 1:04.
One mile — Ting-a-LIng won. Old Fox second.
Cousin Letty third. Time, 1:46. • '
ST. LOUIS. July 13.— Delmar Park results:
1 First race, mile and twenty yards— Irvlns
Mayo won. Pirate's Daughter second. Sir Philip
Sidney third. Time, l:46Vs.
Eeccnd race, fiv* . furlongs— Ethylena won.
Miss Dora second, Gallagher third. Time, 1:02.
Third race, six and 'a. half furlongs, selling—
Lomond won, Elsie Basnes second. Mound City
third. Time. 1:18%.
Fourth race, mile and twenty yards— Karly
Bird won Sylvan second. Meddlesome - third.
Tirna. 1-.44V4. ' • -
Fifth race, the Meramac. mile and seventy
yards purse $1500 — Blink won, Oudenarde sec
ond Joe Doughty third. Time, 1:46%.
Sixth race, six furlongs— Tom Collins won.
Bummer second. General McGruder third.
Time. 1:15. «
First race, six furlongs — Carbuncle won;
Hammock second. Cervera- third. Time, 1:18 2-5.
Second race — Punciitown steeplechase. . about
two miles— Perion won.i Sacket second. Magic
Light third. Time, B:M 2-5. ,*
Third race, mile and a sixteenth, selling-*
Lucky Star won The Golden Prince second.
Survivor third. Time. 1:50 2-6. - l.
Fourth race. Brichton Junlon stakes, $10,000,
six furlongs— Allan-a-Dale won. Goldsmith sec
ond, Masterman third. Time, 1:15 2-5.
. Fifth race, one mile — Herbert won, Janice
second. Baron Pepper third. Timo. 1:44.
Sixth race, five furlongs, selling — Red Dam
pel won, Ascension second,' White Owl third.
Time, 1:02 2-5. • ¦. .
Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth — Captain
Gaines woo, Scotch Plaid second. Hard Knot
third. Time, 1:47%.
NEW YORK. July 13.— Allan-a-Dale, T.
C. McDowell's Western crack, won the
$10,000 Brighton Junior stakes at Brighton
Beach to-day, a short head before "VV*. C.
Whitney's Goldsmith. A big half-holiday
crowd filled every nook and corner of the
grand stand and inclosure and frantically
cheered the exciting finish and then gave
both Spencer and Burns an ovation when
they came back to the welghout.
A field of ten faced the starter. Allan
a-Dale was a hot favorite, played from 3
to 1 to 8 to 5. Hyphen was a steady sec
ond choice, while- Goldsmith and Master
man were supported at 7 and 8 to 1. They
were sent off on the second break to a
good start, the favorite being among the
tall-enders, but Spencer quickly rushed
him through and took a lead at the half
mile point. He led into the stretch by a
scant length, with Goldsmith, Peninsula
and Firing Line pressing him hard. Foot
by foot Goldsmith crept upland at the last
sixteenth they were on even terms, with
both Jockeys riding- hard. It was a pretty
race to the finish, both boys rfdlng out
with their hands, and Allan-a-Dale earned
the verdict by a short head. Masterman
came up with a rush In the stretch ' and
earned third money, three lengths back.
Results: •
Fourth race, mile and a sixteenth — Excelsls
won, Nettie Regent second, Hllo third. Time,
1:48 2-5.
Fifth race, one mile^ — Jiminez won. Mr. Brown,
second. The Lady third. Time, 1:4J 2-5.
Third race, the Young handicap, .mile and
three-sixteenths, J5C0O added — Terminus won,
Vesuvian second, John Bright third; Time,
1:54 3-5.
CHICAGO, July 13.— In one of the great
est races ever seen "here Terminus, the
Tennessee three-year-old, this afternoon
won the Young handicap in the presence
of 12,000 spectators at Washington Park.
Never did twelve horses run a closer race.
Terminus, cleverly handled . by Gormley,
won' by nearly a length; Vesuvian' finished
second, and John Bright was a close third.
Close on the heels of the three money
winners came " seven horses, • so close to
gether that their order under the. wire
was almost a guess. Terminus was 20 to 1
in the betting. Results:
First race, five and a half furlongs— Memnon
won. Old Hutch second. South Trimble third.
Time, 1:07 3-5. -
Second race, six furlongs — Montanlc won.
Money Muss second. King Dellis third. Time,
1:13 2-5.
Rich Brighton Junior Stakes
Captured by Allan-a-
Dale.
• ¦ ¦¦•¦ .- 1 .-¦ ¦ __
Tennessee Thre^e- Year-
Old Wins the Young
Handicap.
TERMINUS GAINS
GREAT VICTORY
crew. The course was from Glen's Bay
to Castlelough Bay. The water was
smooth and there was no wind.
A good start was made, at 4:35 p. m. The
Irish crew took the lead in the beginning,
rowing: thirty-eight strokes to the min
ute, while the Americans rowed forty
strokes. The Trinity shell was seen to be
In the lead for about thirty seconds, then
the Pennsylvanians" drew up even and
Immediately took first place. At the
«nd of the first minute the- Penn
sylvanians were well in front and at !
once drew clear, widening the distance, :
until at the finish they were twenty !
lengths ahead, having covered the course i
in sixteen minutes twenty seconds.
The Pennsylvanians will dine to-night
wltii Sir Peter O'Brien, the Lord Chief
Justice of Ireland. It. is their intention,
to make a tour of the lakes of Killarney
Sunday and return to London next Tues
day, where they.wiJl be entertained at
dinner Toy the American residents. The !
Pennsylvanians will entertain the Lean
der crew at dinner during the coming
week.
KILLARXET, July 13.— The University
of Pennsylvania crew iron their race
against the Trinity College of Dublin
PENNSYLVANIA
WINS THE RACE
>
Oarsmen of Trinity Col
lege of Dublin Are
Defeated.
Lord Chief Justice of Ire
land Entertains the
Americans.
.."?¦¦
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Croll. c. f .'5 13 0 4 11
Hildebrand, 1. t 3 0 0 0 3 0 0
Schwartz, 2b 5 11 0 4 3 0
Pabst, lb 3 2 10 9 10
I Krag, s. e 4 2 3 0 2 4 0
j Nordyke. r. f 3 2 2 1 2 0 0
Reilly. 3b 4 1 1 0 ' 1 -J 2 *
I Graham, c 4 0 2 : 0 . 2 * 1 .- 0
j Evans, p 3 1 2 0 0.20
Totals 34 10 15 1 27 14 1
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
(Devereaux, s." s 3 2 1 0 2^3 1
'McLaughltn. "1, f 4.1.2.0 2 1 0
Courtney. :b 4 0-> 1 0 1 ' 3 0
Doyle, r. f 3 1 10 0 0 0
Hanlon. lb 4 1 10 4 1 0
Stanley, c 4 0 2 0 7 0 0
Sheehan, 3b 4 0 0 0 3 2 0
McGucken, c. f 3 ' 0 • 0 . 0 • 3 • 1 -0
i Harper, p 3 0 1 0V2 "0 1
Totals 32 5 9 ' 0 24 11 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. :
j San Francisco 0 0 6 0 3'0 ; l 0 •— 10
Base hits 1 2703011 •— 15
i Sacramento 0*0 0 2 0~T*0"0 1— 5
Base hits 0 10 4 0 10 12—9
, ; SUMMARY. . ! '
Runs responsible for — Evans 5, - : Harper 6.
Home run— Krug. . Two-base. hitfi^Kruj?.. Nor
dyke. Stanley. Croll, Graham. Sacrifice hits—
Nordyke., Hildebrand 2.i First base on errors—
'San Francisco 1.' 'First base on called balls —
Off Evans 2. off Harper 1. Left on bases—
•San Francisco 4; Sacramento 2. Struck out—
By Evans 1. by Harper 4. Double plays—
Krug to Pabst: Devereaux to Courtney to Han
lon. Wild pitches — Harper 1. Evans 1. Timo
of same— 1:35. Umpire— Graves. Official scorer
— E. C^ Rutherford.
SACRAMENTO, July 13.— There was
nothing to the game to-day but; San Fran
cisco, as they defeated Sacramento ¦¦ in a
walk by a score of 10 to 5. Both Harpei
and Evans, who did the twirling for their
respective teams, were hit hard and often,
but the visitors placed their hits safely
and the locals dropped theirs into the mits
of their opponents. ¦ In the seventh lln
ning Evans retired the side on taree
pitched balls. The feature of the gaine
was Hildebrand's running catch of Shee
han's fly. Score: _¦
SAN FRANCISCO.
ALL SAN FBANCISCO'S WAY.
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Hale 2. Two-base hit—
Francks. Sacrifice - hits — Babbitt, j Brockhoft
First base on errors — Los Angeles 2, Oakland 1.
First base on called balls— Los Angeles 2.
Left on bases— Los Angeles 7. : Struck out-
Hale 3. Mosklman 3. Hit by pitcher— Brockhoff.
Double play — Arrellanes to Krancks to Eagan.
Time of game — One hour and twenty-five mln-.
utes. Umpire — Rube Levy. Official Bcorer— H.
S. McFarlin.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. K.
Drennan. cf 311 1 1 0 0
Babbitt, 3b 2 0 0 0 3 0" 0
Streib. rf : 3 0 0 0 1 0 0
Eagan, lb S 0 0 0 12 0 0
Dunleavy, If 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Francks. es 3 110 3 5 1
Arrellanes. 2b 3 0 0 0 4 4 1
Lohman, c 3 0 10 12 0
Moskiman, p 3 0 0 0 0 3 1
Totals 2S« 2 8 1 27 14 Z
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 0 0 0 10 0 0 0 0—1
Base hits 0 0 12 1 11 0 .0—6
Oakland 0 0 0-1 0 0 0 1 •— 2
Base hits 0 0 0 10 0 0 2 "—3
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff, rf'.. 2 0 0 0 0 0 0
Reitz. 2b 3 0 0 1 6 8 0
Hutchinson. lb 4 0 0 0 11 0 0
Householder, cf .... t 1 3 11 0 0
Bowman. If 3 0 0 0 10 0
C Reilly, Sb 4 0 1 0 15 0
Spies, c 4 0 0 0 4 10
Kelly, ss 4 0 10 16 1
Hale, p 4 0 2 0 0 0 0
Totals 32 1 6 J . 24 13 1
LOS ANGELES.
Mosklman, who was on the slab for the
Oaklands, although weak from recent ill
ness, pitched excellent ball and kept the
six hits which were made off his delivery
well scattered. The score:
C. Reilly. at third, Reitz at second and
Bowman in left field all participated in
brilliant plays. C. Reilly, in the early
part of the game so greatly distingnished
himself that he almost succeeded in win
ning his way into the hearts of the fans.
Hale, who pitched for the losers, besides
restricting his opponents to but three hits
secured two hits himself, the first he has
made during the season.
Despite the sweltering heat, the game
of baseball which was -played yesterday
at the Eighth and Harrison streets
grounds' between the Oakland and Los
Angeles teams glistened with innumer
able snappy plays. The talent from across
the boy took sweet revenge for the de
ieat which was administered to them on
the previous* day. With the score tied at
1 to 1 in the eighth inning and with
: Francks on the third station Lohman
drove a beautiful hit to the left garden
which won the game for the Oakland
team. •
To the hardest of hard luck more than
to poor playing may be attributed Los
Angeles' defeat. With Bowman on third
base in one Inning C. Reilly launched a
long, high fly out Into center field. It
was taken into- custody by j Drennan. On j
the play Bownjan attempted to reach the
home station, but was called out by Um
pire Levy on the ground that he failed to
hold his base until after the ball i had
landed in the ' fielder's hands. The decis
ion of the umpire, although considered
just by a major part of the fans, was se
verely criticized by Manager Morley. The
Southern baseball magnate threatened all
kinds of dreadful things, even to with
drawing his team from, the league.
The Manager of the Angels
Questions One of Levy's
Decisions.
Subdue3 Southern Tal
ent" in Very Close
Contest.
OAKLAND WINS
SNAPPY GAME
Short-End Players at 'Union
- Coursing Park Have a _
Good Day.
¦ »
The opening rounds of the two stakes at
Union Courslns Park yesterday resulted
in good sport, though the day was not
one of joy to the ones who set the odds.
From start to finish the unwelcome short
end bobbed up with monotonous regular
ity and made the talent reach well Into
its ever-shrinking wallet. For a while it
seemed that the longer the price the mars
certain the chances of the piker to cash.
Results of yesterday:
Open stake, first round— Sterl & Knowles'
Olita beat J. Hurley's O. K. Capitol, 9-5; F.
A. McCotnb's Patriot beat Steri & Knowl«3*
Sleety Mist, «-»: P. Al. Curtis* Cash beat E. M.
Whlteslde's Greenback. 18-7:' P. J. Reilly's
Honesty beat Star Kennels' Master Lawrence,
4-0; F. A. McComb's Warship beat George
Sharman's St. Ives, 5-0; A. R. Curtis' Vulcan
beat It. F. Bartel'» Beat Bargain. 4-0; F. A.
McComb's Sir Paf>h» beat Russell <fc Allen* ¦
Strayaway, 6-3; Sterl St Knowles' 5*©r Glory
beat P. J. Reilly's Floughboy, 13-33; E. IX.
Keliogg'8 Frisco Lad beat P. Doyle's Libera
tor, 3-2; A. V»nderberg'» Naughty Girl beat
*e*'M. Kellosrs Modest Lad. 5-C: J. Cane's
Greenhall beat J. Hurley's Gramercy, 9-7: A.
R. Curtis* Flying F"ox. a, bye; Pasha Kennels'
Roman Athlete beat P. Doyle's Thelma, 8-4;
T. J. Cronlnls Parlor Maid beat Pasha Ken
nels' Random Aim. 13-7; Thomas Mailer's Bad
Boy beat P. M. Curtis' Vagrant, 6-3; E.
Geary's Bonnie Pasha beat J. J. Keenan's
Lundin Links. 12-0; J. R. McCarthy's John
Doe beat Aeneid Kennels' Fine Fire. 83-2:
O. Zabi's Homer Boy beat J. Perigo's Far
away, 7-4; D. J. Healey*s Lady Clara heat A*
Vanderwhite's Copper King. 14-6; Star Ken
nels' Game Boy beat P. M. Curtis' Echo. 3-2:
F. Jones" "Wedgewood beat Tosemlte Kennels*
Mose, 4-0; Aeneid Kennels' Achilles beat R.
B. Kay's Hawker, 5-3; H. Lynch' s Lilac heat
J. Caesar's Kanaka. 17-3; A. R. Curtis' Can
delaria beat L. F. Barters Banner Bright.
5-0; L. McConnell's White- Hat beat Star Ken
nels' Fontenoy, 16-8; Star Kennels' Blackhead
beat B. Wood's Cliff Wilson, 13-4; Sterl &
Knowles' Ripple beat Pasha Kennels' Real
Article. 6-S: A. R. Curtis' Luxor beat George
Sharman's Black Flush. 4-0: P. M. Curtis' War
Ka*rle beat Star Kennels' Mayflower. 3-2; T. J.
Mclnerney's Johnnie R beat Pasha Kennels'
Rude Awakening, 3-0; P. M. Curtis' Shadow
beat T. Tlerney's Tea Rose, 6-0; P. M. Curtis'
Narcissus beat Pasha Kennels' Royal Anne.
6-0; Captain Clarkson's Flower of Gold beat
Chiarlnl Brothers' Dewdrop, 9-6: George Shar
man's Bowery Boy beat D. J. Healey*s Tibu
ron. 10-7; F. A. McComb's Bona Fide beat J.
Holden's Scottish Chief. 6-2; Hussell & Allen's
Spiteful, a bye; E. M. Kellocrg's Sweet Emma
beat "W. C. de B- Lopea's Eager. 4-1: A. -R.
Curtis" Rector, a bye; P. M. Curtis' Warpath
beat Aeneid Kennels' Athena. 5-1; F. A. Mc
: Comb's Motto, a bye: F. Jones* Harlean,
Gladys beat J. T>. Cardlnell's Jesiby. 7-2: V.
B. Gerber's Rlenzl beat F. Schdu's King's
Borderer. 9-6; Pasha Kennels' Rocker beat J.
D. Cardinell's Union Jack. 7-1; J. Markland's
The Grafter beat D. J. Healey's Tapioca, 8-3;
Star Kennels' Herscbel's Pride beat P. J. Ho*
ran's Harper, 5-0: Chlarini Brothers* Santonin
beat F. Schou's Nora Lawrence. 4-0: Russell
& Allen's Talk to Me beat J. Smith's Boney
Boy. «-2; F. A. McComb's Hot Haste beat
J. Henderson's Trade Dollar, 12-2; Captain
Clarkson's Golden Garter beat W. Calrne'a Im
perial. 4-2: Aeneid Kennels* Agamemnon beat
A. R. Curtis' Loyal Lad. 7-0; P. Jackson's
Golden Russet beat T. J. Mclnerney's Tommy
Rex. 5-0: J. Dowllng's Sir Lawrence beat J.
Smith's Master "Workman, 6-3; L. M, Connell's
St. Helen beat Pasha Kennels' Roberts Anny,
4-0; Pasha Kennels' Rollicking Airs beat P.
M. Curtis' Anchor, 7-5; T. J. Cronin's Vandal
beat F.- S. Price's Brutus, 5-2: A. Van<W
whlte's Lear King beat J. M. Halton's May
Hempstead, 4-0: F. A. McComb's Little Sister
beat Star Kennels' Pickpocket. 5-3: J. P.
Thrift's Tyrone Prince beat Pasha Kennels!
Royal Archer. 3-2; A. R. Curtis' Klng_Cotton
beat D. Toland's Pleasant Girl. 3-0; Pasha
KenneK Lawrence beat Russell &" Allen's
First Foot. 6-4. . -
Puppy stake, first round — Chlarini Brothers*
Tame Tralee beat H. Lynch's Harvey M. 22-0:
T. J. Cronin's Killarnev beat A. Vanderwhite's
May Gordon, 8-4; B. Silva's Funston beat Star
Kennels' Minnie 'Warren, 8-6: Pasha Kennels'
Rustic Arbor beat F. Lee's Sweet Locust. 8-5;
Sterl &' Knowles' Freeze Out beat T. J.
Cronin's Rambler. 5-0; Star Kennels' Lothario
beat Pasha Kennels* Rich Argosy,. 12-6: T\
Rosenberger"s My Nell beat A. R. Harrison's
Alice Louise, 4-3: J. Segsrerson's Algie Mc-
Donald bent J. LInehan's Bernal Lasa. 4-0.
Second Round — Tame Tralee b«at Klllarney.
11-7: Funston beat Rustic Arbor, 3-2: Freeze
Out beat Lothario, 3-2; Algie McDonald beat;
My Nell. 5-0.
Talent Picks Jones' Dog
to "Win the Open
Event.
WEDGEWOOD
STAKE FAVORITE
Expedition Financially Backed by Ziegler Is Soon to
Start on the Trip to the North Pole.
AMERICAN EXPLORER BALDWIN
READY FOR THE ARCTIC VOYAGE
24
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, STJflDAY; JULY 14, 1901.
CHARTERED SHIP FRITHJOF OF THE NORTH POLE EXPEDITION. WHICH WILL SAIL FROM NORWAY
NEXT TUESDAY, AND THE NOTED AMERICAN EXPLORER WHO WILL GUIDE THE DESTINES OF THE
THREE VESSELS ENGAGED IN THE MOST PERILOUS UNDERTAKING. ' :
Of William Ziegler. who has backed the
enterprise financially. The explorer is a
thoroughbred American, but there are
two good reasons why the expedition
starts from a foreign instead of a domes
tic, port. First, all of his ships were pur
chased abroad, the chief one having been
bought, refitted and provisioned at Dun
dee, Scotland. Second, the objective point
of this: year's voyage is Frans Josef Land,
whiohlies to. the north of Russia. Conse
quently it would' have been necessary for
the whole fleet to crocs the Atlantic twice
needlessly had New York been made the
port of departure. ¦ : -
v Franz Joseph Land, where winter quar
ters are to be established, has been the
base of operations for several Arctic ex
peditions. It was in this archipelago that
the Stella Polare remained when Captain
Cagin started northward with dogs and
¦--¦¦• . >¦ • -. tt*.
a
« s
hi
Event Nt
Dclit-a
<. 3.
p s " > a t?
- ; name, h T .^ ? :
6 a
n
NAME.
I T
¦ ' :¦: « l' ; ¦ " r
; 5 ov •
: r g 3 •
1 •••.IS s*
• **' • ¦:• • : ' :
Mocker 91.8 74.2 82. n
Grant 106:6 [ 89.8 90 74.2 82.1
Brook* 91 91 E8.8 74 79 4
Everett 118 91.4 88.8 77.6 83'.7
Mansfield 94 . 92.8 77.6 So 1
Muller 99 94 82 74.2 83 i
Young 94 91.4 92.8 76.8 84.8
Battu .......;..... 89 89 91 77.6 84.3.
3
a
« s
hi
Event Nt
Dclit-a
<. 3.
p s " > a t?
- ; name, h T .^ ? :
6 a
n
NAME.
I T
¦ ' :¦: « l' ; ¦ " r
; 5 ov •
: r g 3 •
1 •••.IS s*
• **' • ¦:• • : ' :
Mocker 91.8 74.2 82. n
Grant 106:6 [ 89.8 90 74.2 82.1
Brook* 91 91 E8.8 74 79 4
Everett 118 91.4 88.8 77.6 83'.7
Mansfield 94 . 92.8 77.6 So 1
Muller 99 94 82 74.2 83 i
Young 94 91.4 92.8 76.8 84.8
Battu .......;..... 89 89 91 77.6 84.3.
3
St. James Association,
gSO BT. JAMES EDILDIKO. CIWCIKKATI. OHIO.
Varicocol* is an accumulation of sluggish
blood in the \ - eins of the scrotum, due solely
I to Imperfect circulation, and has its origin in
a diseased and torpid Prostate Gland. Opera-
tions In this disease are only temporary, and no
mechanical device yd discovered has cured a
single case. "Grsn-Solvent" heals the Prostate
end restores healthy circulation. Varieoiele
disappears and the sluggish accumulation is
replaced by pure, healthy, red blood.
Space will not permit a complete descrip-
tion of the Incomparable St. James treatment
fn urethral diseases. K\'ery sufferer from Stric-
ture and its offspring, Prostatitis and Seminal
Weakness, should write to the St. James Asso-
ciation. 250 St. -jemea Bids.. Cincinnati. Ohio,
for their wondernil illustrated work, showing
the parts of the human sys- nm B>& tpa Fao
tera Involved in urethral all- H Gja S3 fj
mrr.ts, which thoy ¦will wnd H3 Bs» gg Eg
6ecurely wrapped In plain j| HTb y s|
package, prepaid. Q I tea Qrz
treatment in urethral stricture, and yet there
has never been one cure by *uch savage meth-
ods. The eagerness with which medical men
are applying for this Solvent is an open confes-
sion of their «rror in the past. Over 800 lead-
ing physicians in the T.'nlted States and Canada
have abandoned the knife and are employing
"Gran-Solvent" In <heir practice as a humane
and unfailing agent.
VARICOCELE.
The alterative and antiseptic action of "Gr&n-
Bolvent" asserts itself In destroying Gonococci
and the eerrr.s - that Infest the bladder and
Prostate Gland. ¦ >
During .the jmst year thousands of weak,
wasting wrecks were cured— an army of men
born again to begin life anew with fresh vigor,
full of strength and the consciousness of re-
stored manhood. Under the influence of' this
sovereign uolvent urethral stricture is dissolved
and dislodged in IS daye. .';• .
From time immemorial cutting and dilating
have filled up the brutal, fruitless record of
STRICTURE,
dislodging the granular mass, ' root and branch.
together with the false membrane upon which
it forms, thoroughly medicating the Prostate
i Gland reducing Enlargement and contracting
the EJaculatory Ducts, forever Etopping
drains and losses.
' The treat virtue in the method of ap-
plication is its direct and positive action.
JCo vile, drastic dniKs to ruin the stomach and
digestive system. I The .Crayons are inserted
upon retiring at night, dissolving by the heat
«nd Bscretlon6 of the body in three hours,
¦which Is sufficient time to penetrate and dis-
eolve
At enormous expense THE ST. JAMES
ASSOCIATION outstripped all competitors
and secured exclusive control on the Western
Continent.
Gran-Solx-ent is not a liquid. It is prepared
in the form of Crayons or Pencils, smooth and
flexible, and so narrow as to pass the closest
Stricture.
GEAS-SOLVE.\T Is the Wonder of
the Century. Discovered by the Chemist
Kabrion, it quickly interested the sreetf Scien-
tist and Physician. Erdmaji, who developed It
and proclaimed that marvelous action in
Urethral ailments which electrified the world.
\o drn??s to ruin tbe stomacb, but
sl direct local and positive applica-
tion to the entire Urethral Tract.
"Gran-Solvent'* dissolves Stricture
like snow beneatb tbe snn, re-
duces ENLARGED PROSTATE and
Btrengrtbens the Seminal Duetts, stop-
ping drains and emissions IX FIF-
TEEN DAYS.
IN FIFTEEN DATS.
Cored While You Sleep
ADVEBTISEMEMTS.
QUICKLY and PERMANENTLY.; |
DR. MEYERS & CO. have /^§g|^Z^\
become famous by curing fEBB£w~&^&ti\
the following ailments: / WtiSt ' yt\
Lost Manhood, Blood Poison, W^m - :*^Mbl*^W* I
Premature Decay, Varicocele, Tumors; *X1l» "*^^7 Tp?| I
Unnatural Losses, Also diseases of <^Jg> ~Jfe^A j I
Wasting Drains, The Kidney, Bladder, \ /
Nervous Debility, Spine, Liver, Heart, \ j I
Private Diseases, IJlood, Skin, Y^|
Stricture, Rupture, Ear and Lungs. >\A I \£/
Pay When Well. Home Cnres-Free Book.
As a guarantee we will let the pa- Although it Is" preferable to see the'
tient deposit the .price of a cure in patients iri many instance* £ £ not
any bank In San Francisco to be always necessary. If you cannot C aH
'paid after he Is entirely well. If it .write for private book dulosls
,s not convenient to do this u pay- sheet3> free advice, prices" and^ther
ments may be made in monthly in- particulars. Correspondence solicits
stallments. It requires confidence All letters confidential. No prtntinj*
backed by ability to make such an °*J envelopes or packages to indicate
A S<aff of Skilled Specialists, Established 20 Years.
731 Market Street, ||i| ISpK
BAN FRANCISCO. ; ' Ev S nInft.-7 to 8. ¦
jBDTTLhujJHE DjFnLLERY./
PURE-ASBfljffKDLesaME^ J
l/set/S/j//ieMe//cQ/Depzrf/»efifs of tie]
as. ARMY $ NAVY. Service 4
)WiLUAM VVOLf F & CO/ ;
*SAN fRANCiSCO." ) DISTRIBUTORS."'
Stwerw cSJmffaf/o/ts'cf re/mea Botttes.-*''/- - PALACE HOTEL.
F S Glass, Berkeley J A Green, N T
T G English, Cal W J Milne. -N T
. G Mason. Los Ang J A Barr, Los Ang
L K Baldwin. Stanfrd J A Dooner, N Y
C M Clark. Phlla . Mrs H L Dooner, N T
W R Castle Jr. Hon A Dooner, N T
J P'Logen, Stanford . E J Dooner, N T
W M Murphrf Stanfrd W C Teasdale. St Louis
J H Morse, Phila Mr & Mrs Douglas, BC
A EiHoover, Chicago Mrs B U Steinman. Sac
R Golden & Wi Denver C D Wright, Los Ang
Mrs J Burke, Mont W H Fefdhouse & w
W D Thornton. Boston Chicago .
B Storey. Chicago Mrs C M Clack. Ind
C L Dietz. Illinois ¦ Mrs Winston. Los Ang
A N Tanner & w. Ark Miss Bradbury. Ls Ang
Miss Gordon, Ark M Levinson Minn
Miss C Gordon, Ark C D Inslee, N Y
C A Wooten, Ark A B Cohen, St Joseph
Mrs J J Boose. Chlcag Mrs R J Dolter, Ark
Miss Booge. Chicago Miss Dolter, Ark
C Loetschell & sn. la W H White & w, Kans
Mrs H Plngard, Cal H White, Kansas
J R Pearl & w, Boston C H White. Kansas
R E Jeffery & w, Cal E A Norfleet. Norfolk
WH Thompson, Cal J E West. Norfolk
F W Newcomb. Boston C West, Newport News
Miss E Newcomb, Bstn Mrs Sanchez, Guatemal
S P Hutchineon. N Y H W Grout. Waterloo
B Titus. New Mexico Dr Rulison. Reno
C Diltmer, Pueblo - H W Keller, Los Ang
H F Gentry, Los Ang Miss C J Flood, Menlo
A L Levinsky, Stocktn
H A Strauss. NT Lt Schron. D C
W S Stltt. Chicago T J A Mayer & w. Or
Weinacht's Excursion B Bauerdorf,
Party— Mrs J Brandt,
R Welnacht & w. Miss J K Schnell,
Miss H Weinacht, Mrs Sommer,
Miss M Weinacht. Mrs Vorbach
H Weber & w.. H Fulling & w,
G Depecker & w, • . A Bunke & w, ¦
G F Gennerlch & w, F Slppellns & w,
C C Wehrum & w, Miss Sippelins,
Miss J Wehrum, A Bergerow.
C E Wehrum, J P Delahanty,
J B Hagebueckle & w, J Ohler & w,
F C Halbe & w, F Ohler, .
J Thuraan & w. Miss A Hochhalter.
F Pfelffer & w. Mrs V Kolb.
H Moritz & w, ' , O Schmidt A w.
Miss Mortiz, D W RohdJ & w.
Mrs C Kunold, M Rutterman,
Miss S Kunold, G Wolf..
J Appell. G Tlefel,
Miss Appell. y A Rodecr.
H Dreyer & w, ¦ H H Noll. " ~\ '
H Bormen & w. G D Nebhuth. f «JI
W Fischer & w. J H Rohde, i r ;j
P D Fischer,* w. H Nacke. ] "
W Schneider & w, E Berkmann, • ' -
J Knoth & w. . H Koeter, ] ¦
C Stoehr. . Mrs*S Ellis, >"\. :
Miss G Stoehr, Mrs A Krause, ¦ : .
J Plrkel & w. J Bruning,
C T Bauerdorf & w, J Schuman,
A Bauerdorf, G Shelling, '
A JSckert.
JUDGE SELLERS
TAKES MORPHINE
Suicide of a Man Who
Had Been Prominent
in Politics.
Leaves a Pathetic Letter Say*
ing His Life Had Been
a Failure.
CRAWFORDSVILLJE, Ind.. July 13.—
Judge James M. Sellers, one of the bright
est and best known attorneys In Indiana
and a prominent figure in legal and po
litical circles, was found dying In his of
fice in this city this morning. H© had
taken morphine with suicidal Intent and
he died before he could be removed from,
the building. Judge Sellers succumbed to
the deadly drug while engaged in writing
a letter explaining his reasons for taking
his own life. The letter reads as follows J
To whom It may concern— With- me Ufa haa
been a total failure. It micht have been en
tirely different. There has been no on-s to
blame for this difference save myself alone.
I have been the poorest kind of a financier for
every one and especially for myself.
I am preparing to leave the world, badly In
debt to it. I have as Is usually the cas* wiia
a - worthless husband been blessed with th»
bravest, purest, truest and most patient wifa
ever given to a man. <
I have abused the best set of friends ever 1
possessed by one man. I feel that I am m
dead weight, ' entirely too heavy for thet
worthy willing members of ray family to
carry: Indeed, they will be better off without
GRAXD HOTEL:
W Fuller. Chicago
Minnie N Howell, Cal
Mrs Plummer, K City
Mrs S H Stelle. Nebr ¦
F E Shattuck. Ky
B J Wolterlnr. N T
C H Amy, Mo
D S Fish, Hanford .
R Clark & w, Monti*
cello
P E Holt. Stockton
C H Davles & w, Cal
Dorothy Allen, Green
Valley
F A Stelger. Vacavlll*
C H Greenfield, Cal
Miss Mayberry, Reno
Agues Hollis, Oakland
F Perfn, Auburn
R M laurinsr, L. Ang
F F Smith & w, Sacto
P N Keller. N T I
J Stanton. N T
Mrs F I> Joiner, CMo
C Dunphy, Millbrae !
E C Knox & w, Mlna '
C D Clark & w. HI
Maria V Clark, HI
Miss Hall. Scraaton
Miss E Hall. Scrantens
Miss M Hall. Scrantoa
"W Wakeman. N-T
F W'Caldwell. El
T H Buckingham & w,
Vacavlllift •
A L irryant & w.Waalx
DC
A H Berfeld, Boston
J O Gray, Ind
J A Munroe & nr. Mass
A J Munroe. Mass
L, P Wilcox. Chicago
W I Horner & w. Aria
A Clinton & w, N Y
MI33 E Clinton. X T
L Clinton. >T T
G H Carrier. N T
Lucy Hoffman. I»ebT
E T Pinchback & d.Pa
E O Wilson. Nebr
R W. Adsure. Nebr
Leila Nurde & 2 ch,
Iowa
Mrs B Flesn. Chicago
Miss A Zarbell. Chic
3R^T HOTEL.' ' ' ¦ '
C P Crippen, Cal ; .
C Alien. Newman
J Hevely. Oakland
R W Southmoyd. Corm
Miss P Eistey, Redns
J Deston. Denver
Dr F H Prithard. Ohio
R E Fllcher. Cal
A P Tugwell. Wash
C E Ma her & w. WsH
Mrs D D Wadsworth.
Los Angeles
Feeling so why should I live to be as enor-»
mous dead weight for others to carry?
I have chosen, the morphine route as tha
cheaptBt and most certain.
Let no one try to pay my debts. They are
paid by this act of mine. If I could I 'would
suggest a few I would rather see paid than
others. I freely -torglve those who have
wronged me. : Hoping this explanation ex
plains, I now. feeling tired and sleepy, sub
scribe myself.
Judge Sellers in politics was an ardent
Democrat and stood high In the councils
of his party. In 1S92 he was elected Joint
Senator and served as a holdover Senator
in 1894. •
R V Bheehy, Merced
"W A Zimmerman, 1. A
E Matthewson, Fresno
M E JlcGrath, Denver
Mrs H GUI. Colnsa
Mrs J W Potter, Colus
J M Jones & w. Colusa
M Diffgs, Woodland
J D Hazen. N Y
T B Carson, Davenport
C Carson. Davenport
G D Lane, St Louis
S Lydeard, San Jose
C Z Biels, San Jose
D D Brooks, San Jose
K Cope, San Jose
O W Hutchins, Marysv
F Hutchlnson. St Louis
S C Wenzel. St Louis
C E Wagoner. Ill
Dr T M Hedges & w,
Cal
Mary L Lincoln, Chic
Elizabeth Adams. Chic
C P Escovar, Mexico
A IV Le Gro. Detroit
F Tosnl. Crescent City
C N Anderson. Ohio
E G Anderson, Ohio
G A Miles. Mass
C R Brlggs, Redding
G F Ditzler. Biggs
F A Bahr, Los Angeles
J H Armstrong, Mexico
W-H Armstrong & w,.
Mexico "
F Largford, Ontario
W F Steele & w, L A
C T Green. Bksfleld
W H Webb. Salinas
P H Grode. Fresno
Mrs E M Glffen, Mon
' xerey
G A Glffen, ilontetrey
W 1. Clark & w, Iowa
N T Stockton, Cal
M M Harris & w. t. A
S Btorrow, -Los Ang ,
C W Travis, Ind
L, Lukes, Bolles Ferry
Josephine B Scovll. O
Jessie L Scovil, Ohio
S Schultz & w, Ind
Clara Resling, Ind
E H Rogers, Sacto
NEW WESTI
T Richards & w, Cal
Miss M. Marsh, Hodson
J C Heaton & w, Cal
C Hill. Seattle
H O Hanna. Lincoln
H H Colos, Lincoln
J S Reese & w, Iowa
F Reese. Sioux City
Miss N Terhun. Mo
Miss M Terhun, Mo
2 Sneso, Philadelphia
VANCOUVER, B. C, July 13.— Police
Judge j Joseph Russell narrowly escaped
death just after, a session of the Police
Court at noon to-day. He was assailed
by Michael Sullivan, a member of the
strikers' committee of the fishermen.
Sullivan made his escape after the attack.
Judge Russell was standing on Powell
street, in front of the police station, talk-
ing with a friend, when suddenly' a man
rushed up and demanded why the Magis
trate had been out last night in. one of
the police patrol boats. The Judge Is a
cannery manager and the feeling against
him and other members -of the Canners'
Association has mounted to a high pitch.
The Magistrate replied that it was no
b'usiness of any one but himself.
"Wejl, 1 had the drop on you last night
and I am sorry I did not fill you full of
lead," said Sullivan.
"Tou ought to be under lock and key,"
replied the , Magistrate.
With an oath the man drew a revolver
from his hip pocket. Judge Russell, who
is an athlete, sprang at him before he
could pull the trisrger. Sullivan got away
and fled down the street, with the Justice
at his heels. All of the policemen who
happened to be around the station Joined
in the chase. Sullivan led them up Water
street,, ran through the lengtn of two ho
tels, down an alley and into two business
streets. Then he dashed Into the side
entrance of a saloon and was lost to
view. A patrol of police surrounded the
block, but although the search was kept
up for two hours the man got away. It
was learned afterward that he stood in
a closet while his pursuers passed four
feet away, and then quietly walked back
Into the street.
Intended Victim's Agility
Saves His Life and the
Culprit Escapes.
Attempts to Fire Upon
Police Magistrate in
Vancouver.
STRIKER TRIES
TO KILL JUDGE
- LINCOLN. : Neb., July : 13.— Joseph Bart
ley,' for. four years treasurer of Nebraska,
convicted of embezzling State funds to the
extent of nearly $100,000, was late to-night
released from the penitentiary, : having
heuan . nu.ro] ed - bv ; Governor. Savace. • " '
HXTGH TEVIS' DAUGHTER
MADE LARGE BENEPICIARY
The filing of the Tevis will. at Salinas
sets at rest all uncertainties as to the dis
position of the property. .
While It appears by the terms of the
will that his nine-year-old daughter by a
former marriage Is to receive the bulk of
the property, the fact remains that by
reason of the value of the property which
was deeded to Mrs. Tevis Bhortly after
the marriage the estate Is almost equally
divided. .
Mro. Tevls Is named In' the will as
guardian for. her stepdaughter and is to
receive the little girl's share of the estate
In case of her death. - . " •>¦
The property willed to -Alice Boalt
Tevls, the daughter, Is left in -trust with
the Mercantile Trust Company, which will
hold, manage and operate the $ime until
she reaches the age of 21. v ,- * ¦. - .
H. L. Tevis, W. S. Tevls and M. t.
Michael are named as executors, , They
are empowered to sell any portion ; of , the
estate without an. order from a.nv -court .~
I KANSAS . CITY, July 13.-South-bound
passenger train No. 1 on, the Kansas City
Northern Railroad, due at 5:30 p. m., col
lided with an extra flock Island, meat
train at the - Rock " Island crossing, one
mile north of Weatherby, Mo., at 8:15 this
afternoon, killing one . man and Injuring
six other persons. -The dead man is Elijah
Price, a farmer; of Santa Rosa. Mo., three
miles north of Weatherby.- The seriously
injured are: W." J. Stoneburner, euperln-]
tendent of. tho .Kansas" City Northern
Railroad, fchoulder blade broken and 'chest '
bruised; --Otto: Balew, passenger: brake
man, . ankles ' Express aieseenger
Gage, badly ; bruised ; W, C. Harvey, con
ductor, on passenger, train, , bruised. . • :
TRAIN'S IN COLLISION
ANT3 ONB MAN KIIXED
The following officers were '. installed :
President. Aug Czlchard: vice president,
John Rick: secretary, Ludwig Berg; finan
cial secretary, Horace Speck; treasurer,
Philip Brawn. „ . •
A telegram was read from the executive
officers in the East stating that the local
unions would have the moral and financial
support of their brethren throughout the
East. This was offset in a measure by
the fact that the Brewers' Protective As
sociation had invited the general secreta
ries of the National Union of Brewery
Workmen to come to this coast and en
deavor to settle matters.- It was decided
to refer the whole question to the various
unions throughout the State, with a view
of taking a referendum vote. It will take
under the circumstances nearly two
weeks to reach a result. Secretary Berg
says that all the men will continue at
work until the matter Is thus settled.
No general strike of the brewery work
men •will take place to-morrow, as exp«ct
ed, according to Secretary L. Berg of
Brewery Workmen's Union No. 7. A meet-
Ing of all the onions which would be af
fected by the failure of employers and
employes to reach a satisfactory agree
ment In settlement of thf differences be
tween the agreements submitted bv both
fides was held last nisrht at 1159. Mission
street. The situation was thoroughly uia
cussed. and the rules and regulations gov
erning the situation carefully gone ever.
Brewers Will Not Strike Yet.
F.-J. Xelll has written to the Board of
Supervisors regarding the petition pre
sented to the Health Board by the resi
dents In the neighborhood of Eighteenth
and Oakwood streets, asking for the
abstement of the nuisance created by a
tannery located in that section. Nelll
eays the most objectionable nuisance Is
"tank" tanning, which consists of put
ting the hides in tanks, where they are
left ten deys. Xelll.also claims that the
boiler used In the tannery Is dangerous to
life and property, and that the concern
runs up to 11 o'clock at night and almost
every Sunday.
Want Tannery Condemned.
X. H. Xlelsen of defrauding the United
States by obtaining care and maintenance
at the United States Marine Hospital for
H. Johnson, whom Nielsen represented to
be a sailor, whereas Johnson was only a
barkeeper en shore. Nielsen, after his
arrest, admitted the truth of the charge,
but said that Johnson had formerly work
ed as a sailor for him on the schooner
Queen, and being sick and penniless he had
thought it only a pious fraud to deceive
the hospital authorities Into taking care
of him.
Captain Nielsen Charged "With. Fraud.
United States District Attorney Wood
worth filed a complaint yesterday against
Oakland Divorce Cases.
OAKLAND, July 13.— Annie Lamer has
been granted a decree of divorce from
Frank D. Lamer on the ground of cruelty.
She was awarded the custody of the two
minor children and $20 a month alimony.
Janle D. Durand was ifiven a decree of
divorce from Gilbert E. Durand on the
ground of desertion, and the wife.' was
given permission to resume her maiden
name. Janle D. Carter.
BAN JOSE, July 13.— An aged Spaniard
was struck and killed at 7 o'clock this
evening by the broad guage train as ; it
entered the railroad yards. The old man
was a familiar figure about the yards,
where he was In tbe habit of gleaning
bits of coal. His name la supposed to be
Castro. .
Killed by a Train.
FRESNO. July 13.— The Contractors'
Union, at a late hour. to-night,. agreed to
.the cleht-hour schedule demanded by the
CaxpenterB' and Bricklayers' Unionn, and
the strike Is practically over, although
there are st!H some minor, disputes to ad
just. '¦'iPsill; gM^^^gsffifcs^^ggsa^gaj^^
Fresno Strike at an End.
again, but was soon disturbed by a cow, which
rubbed its tides against the tent.
Lieutenant Beasley was dreaming about tents
and tent-pegs after midnight when he was
ludely awakened by his tent collapsing on him.
He rushed out in negligee costume to upbraid
the night hawks, but all were safely hidden.
Beasley- delivered a lecture, but his remarks
were interrupted by shouts of derision. He
then returned to his couch.
"Bug^" Broderick came to camp with a bud
ding mustache and was the envy of the crowd.
Last night, while "Bugs""was sleeping, a half
dozen of .the jealous ones dropped Into his tent
and clipped oft the hirsute appendage. This
afternoon, while "Bugs" was visiting friend»,
tha advance guard held a mock funeral, using
the mustache for corpse. As none of \ the
hair was saved a piece of Jack Hennos' dog's
tail was used. This' was placed In a small
fruit box. A cross wan prepared to mark the
Bpot where the mustache was interred and
the boys formed for the solemn ceremonies.
Three drummers led the way, followed by two
buglers. Then came the' honorary pall-bearers,
carrying a cross on which was printed in green
letters, "Sacred to the Memory of Bugs'
Mustache."- Following in their wake were
the bearers' of the priceless bunch of hair
neatly tied with a piece of hay-rope. The fun
eral cortege wound its way through camp and
then out to the parade ground, where the burial
services wercheld. Bugler Cresalla, who Is a
clever mimic, imitated the chaplain of the regi
ment and 'delivered a soul-stirring oration.
The "corpse" was lowered Into, its abiding
place, tap3 was blown, drums were muffled,
the cross was placed in position and the cadets
returned from their task to the tune of a
quickstep. It is ' understood that the remains
will be resurrected to-morrow and . additional
ceremonies are planned. . .-" .
Reilly donned his Chinese costume last night
and proceeded uptown with other boon com
panions.' He startled the natives and afforded
much amusement. , ..:¦_'
; . *» , . - • ; . .
DEPARTURE OF THE CADETS.
Market-Street Crowds Review .. the
Passing 1 Companies.
Led by Lieutenant Colonel McGloln. the-
League of the Cross Cadets marched
down Market street yesterday afternoon
with drums beating and banners floating
gayly in the west •wind. The boys were
off to the summer camp in the Napa Val
ley, and each felt himself every Inch a
soldier as the martial music made . his
blood go bounding to his head. . He looked
every Inch a soldier, too. The boys of the
several companies made, in fact, a most
martial appearance in their dark blue uni
forms with '.red trimmings, . their cam
paign hats and leggings, and with their
rolls of blanketa about their shoulders.
The companies began assembling at the
Market-street armory early in the after
noon, and for an hour or two the place
was full of : the bustle of preparation 'for
the march. - . At 2 :30 tho , order was given
to fall In, ) and the companies I began to
find their places. In ten- minutes more,
headed by the League of the Cross band,
the ferry to see the last of the young
toldJers, and many of these crossed with
them on the boat.
SCENES ATTENDING THE DEPARTURE OF THE LEAGUE OF THE
CROSS CADETS FOR CAMP POWER AT NAPA, WHERE FOR A
TIME THEY WILL DO MILITARY DUTY.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, CAMP
POWER, NAPA; July 13.— The
First Regiment, League of the
Cross Cadets, arrived in this city
shortly after 6:30 o'clock this
evening. The train drew up at the First
street crossing and the cadets poured out
of the cars like so many bees. Cheers
greeted them and the young soldiers re
sponded with happy shouts of recognition.
There was an immense crowd at the train.
Pretty girls predominated and the cadets
proceeded to break hearts like so many
gallants. The advance guard, which has
been here for the last three days, setting
up tents and making itself popular as well
as useful, was drawn up in line at the
station and presented sabers to its fellow
cadets. . ¦/ .
As soon as the cars drew'away the regi
ment formed in line and, precedtTd by its
brass band, marched through the main
thoroughfares. Crowds lined the streets
and welcomed the boys. The cadets made
a martial showing and their appearance
and soldierly marching aroused favorable
criticism."
When the command reached Camp Pow
er It was drawn up in battalion formation.
Orders for the night and the morrow were
read by the adjutant. The detail for
guard duty numbered forty men. Captain
Philip Bannln of Company C is officer of
the day and Captain J. McCormick of
Company D officer of the guard. •
The cadets were then marched to their
company streets and took formal posses
sion of their tented homes. Five minutes
were given to the.command to prepare to
attack rations. Mess call sounded loud
and clear and the bugler wa3 blessed for
the timely warning, as the cadets were
hungry. Company by company marched
to the open-air dining place. "When all
were at their proper nlaces Rev. Philip
O£Ryan, chaplain of the regiment, said
grace. The boys listened with bowed
heads and hats over their hearts. When
this little ceremony was concluded they
sat down- and fell to ¦with vigor. The first
meal of the regiment in camp was hugely
enjoyed. ,
After supper the cadets removed the
stains of travel and dust from their
clothes and then went uptown on an all
conquering expedition. As usual brass
buttons and glittering cros3 cannons cap
tured the fair ones. Some of the boys
forgot to return to camp before taps,
and when they did come in it was on the
run, with the guard hot on their heels.
Before midnight the guardhouse was filled
to overflowing. These culprits will be
compelled to tidy up camp to-morrow
morning. Those who escaped the guard
after taps are proudly boasting of their
cleverness.
The following * routine will govern the
encampment: First call for reveille, 5:20;
reveille, 5:30; breakfast call, 6:15; sick
call, 7: first call for drill, school of bat
talion, saber or skirmish, 7:10; assembly,
7:15; recall, 8:15; guard mounting call, 8:55;
assembly, 9; Inspection of tents, 10; or
derly call, 10:15; dinner civil,- 12; regimen
tal parade, first call, 5:40; assembly. 5:45;
supper call, 6:15; tattoo,, 10:30; taps, 11. .
Notes of the Camp.
The members, of the advance puard have
many Interesting 1 ¦ stories to tell their friends.
During their short stay in Napa they have
made Innumerable friends and have been ac
corded the best treatment by the residents.
Last night the Native Daughters of Napa In
vited a number of cadets to be their guests
at an Informal social held In their lodgeroom.
There were refreshments, music and dancing
and the boys had a merry time.' Among the
cadets fortunate to be Included In the invita
tion were: Lieutenant J. Meaghar, Sergeants
G. Thompson and E. Olson, Corporals Andy
Burke; J. Thllgen, B. Burns and Privates M.
Kent, D. Broderlck. H. McEnhlll. J. Flynn, J.
Riley, F. Creealia and W. Harrlman.
Stewards O'Dea and Drossel of the Hospital
Corps were awakened - from sound slumber by
a flock of ducks that marched in stately dig
nity Into their tent and quacked a reveille.
O'Dea shooed them, out and returned to sleep
the march was. begun along the crowded
street, which ceased Us crowding for a
moment to ¦watch the boys go past. There
were fifteen companies in line, 350 boys all
told, and they reached the ferry, building
in ample time to take the 3 o'clock boat
for the Oakland mole, where they board
ed i a train for. Napa™ At Oakland they
were joined by two more .companies, of
seventy-flve men, so that»tnere will be
more than 400 cadets in camp when they
reach their destination. There was. a
large crowd of. friends and relatives at
Ftrrtugs were evidently at work in this
city about midnight last night and they
Trertced rapidly, confining their efforts
wlthir. a. radius of several blocks ami
making stables the especial mark for tha
torch. Alarm after alarm ran* in. excit
ing citizens and keepiajr the Fire Depart
ment busy.
Shortly before midnight an alarm
called the Fire Department to Turk street
and Van Ness avenue. A blaze hid been
discovered !n the stables of the San Ma
t»o r>tlry Company, situated In the rear
of 715 Turk street and facing on Elm ave
nue. When the engines arrived the sta
bles were a mass of flames and a second
alarm was sounded for more apparatus.
Derp'.te the efforts of Chief Sullivan and
his men. the fiery element completely de
stroyed the two-story frame building and
Its contents. Eipht valuable horses be
longing to the San Mateo Dairy Company
were fctirned to a crisp and a like fate was
met by four animals belonging to H.
Sturfiiv&nt. a coal man doing business on
Golden Gate avenue and Larkin street.
Four milk wagons and their contents and
two coal wagons were destroyed by the
flames.
A. Berg:, the owner of the dairy, who
resides at 717 Turk street, was burned
about the fsce and hand? In trying to
save some of his horses. He resides next
door to th* Ftable? and was awakened
by the screams of the animals. Berg
locked up the stables at 10 p. m. and is
positive that everything was safe when
he retired. The rear of 717 Turk street
and the porch of 236 Elm avenue were se
verely damaged. The stables were owned
by A. Levi and Trere fully insured. The
loss on the stables is estimated at $1003.
Berg estimated his loss In horses and
wagons at $3000, while Sturdivant's prop
erty -was estimated to be worth £2009. Berg
and SturdJvant were insured for half the
amount of their losses.
Another Stable on Fire.
"VTMIe the firemen were at work an
alarm was sent in for a burning stable in
the rear of 7» Ellis street, facing on Olive
avenue. The second fire was but three
Mocks from the first. Six horses belong
ing- to O'Meara & McCarthy, coal dealers,
were in the stable on Olive avenue and
wer? safely taken out of the burning
building by Special Officer Stevenson. The
rtab!e was completely destroyed, the
fenaf? being estimated at J1000.
At 1:20 o'clock this morning, as the fire
apparatus was on its way home, a fire
¦was discovered In the rear of a saloon
owned by D. B. Dunbar. on the northeast
comer cf Geary and Larkin streets, In the
locality of the other two. The prompt ar
rival of the firemen and engines prevented
any but nominal damage. ,
The third alarm from box 137. located
at Laxkin and Post streets, and the sixth
from that locality, was sounded at 2:10.
The stable of the Signal Transfer Com
pany on Larkin street, between Bush and
Gutter, was blazing fiercely, and the
flames were only subdued after a hard
struggle.
Fifty head of horses were in the stable
¦when the fire broke out and six perished.
The rescue of the animals was accom
plished with great difficulty, owing to the
Intensity of the heat and the fierce strug
gles of the horses.
The stable is in the rear of 1110 Larkin
ftreet and is owned by A- Boardman.
The property at 1110 and 1112 Larkln
etreet. •which is also owned by Board
inan, is considerably damaged.
Police Pour Into District.
As soon as It became evident that the
fires were ot Incendiary origin the police
poured into the locality from which the
¦lanne were sounding, in the hope of cap
turing the dastards who were applying
the torch, or at least of preventing more
destruction of property.
Owners of stables were aroused and told
to watch their buildings. So many peo
ple were running to the fires from va
rious directions that the police stood lit
tle chance of capturing the truilty ones.
All the available policemen were sent
Into the district with Instructions to con
tinue the patrol until daylight. Mem
bers of the detective force in citizens'
clothes also scoured the neighborhood.
Engines Are Kept Racing From Plac*
to Place, and Police Turn
Out to Capture
' Miscreants.
Stables Especial Marks of
Firebugs and Fourteen
Horses Perish.
Many Alarms Arouse
and Excite the City's
Populace.
INCENDIARY
TORCH USED
AT MIDNIGHT
Prosperous Year Reported
by the Southwest
Association.
The annual meeting of the Southwest
Miners' Association was the occasion of
a general statement "of the affairs of the
association by President Thomas S. Ew
ing. One year ago there was bankruptcy.
Xow the organization is out of debt and
has a surplus in the bank. Two mineral
collections have been sent East— one to
Buffalo and the other to Boise, Idaho, to
the International Mining Congress, which
will open at Boise next week. Sixty min
ing, companies contributed to the making
of these collections. The association will
make a strong effort to have the next an
nual meeting of the association held at
J^ps Ange!e3. Colonel Ewing was re-elect
ed president. The directors are Thomas
a. Ewing, Kzra T. Stimson. I. B. Newton,
J. Irving Crowell. F. G. Monagrhan, John
J. Fay, Ben McCready, Dr. W. A. Hen
dricks, H. B. Gieason. \V. M. Stewart and
H. G. James.
American River's Gold.
Silas Peary writes to the Amador Dis
patch that there are millions of dollars
In gold at the very door of Sacramento in
the American River. Peary says:
j From a tew mites below Folsom down to
the raouth of the river 1 am told that the bed-
I rock on the bottom of the river has scarcely
j been touched by miners at any time, owing fo
j its drr>th nnd the dlfncultles attendant upon
i deep gravel or placer mining by the former
I system of oreraiion, thus leaving at the bot
tom of, this *reat natural tall race all the
' rich virgin gold that it originally contained.
besio.es the millions that have accumulated In
the sand and crave! since mining commenced
on the upper American River in 1849. TestB
nave been made of the late deposits of sand
and travel in the river channel and bars and
1 am informed that they show an average
prospect of not less than 30 cents per cubic
yard very near the ton. )
If these prospects are correct— and I have no
doubt about them-the American River is in
deed one cf the Greatest gold bonanzas ever
known !n California, if not in the world.
There are millions upon millions of cubic
yards cf this sand and gravel in this
great irround alulce. in which the gold has
been concentrating ever since mining first
commenced fn the State, and it is but reason
able to presume that the gravel gradually be
comes richer and richer as the bottom is ap
proached, which point, as I before stated, will
be found In its virgin richness.
It would be folly to attempt to even approxl
rriately estimate the gold in this river, but
tliat it will reach many millions of dollars is
not the figures of wild fancy.
By tha up-to-date system of gold dredging it
is an established fact that gravel situated as
that In the American River can be worked at
a cost not exceeding 4 cents per cubic yard
leaving a marrln for possible accidents and
bad luck" which sometimes occur. Even if
it should cost es high as S cents to work the
dirt and brine down the contents as low as
, "HlS aer cubic yard, even then the profits
ft* ™m.™ r Ch f n 5*, 1 , WOUM reach hl * h U P Into
J^r»? u T of . do »ars for those who might
operate it. I have every reason to believe
?ZIJ C a £? IW , >leld of the wel «" the
"4£rIii£St JH2S £ r over twent y miles above
Sacramento will be very materially above the
figures I have suggested.
Hayward Gets Tories
The Plymouth Consolidated mines in
Amador County, which have been trans
ferred to Alvinza Hayward and the Ho
bart estate, were largely owned by Hav
ward and W. S. Hobart for many years
The transfer was brought about by the
failure of the company to meet its pay
ments. The mines produced an average
of $53,000 per month for five years. A fire
caused a shutdown after tha mines had
been worked to the depth of 1700 feet.
The Sonora Union-Democrat reports
that Prank Plummer and partner uncov
ered a $1000 gold pocket in the Telephone
mine recently located' by* them. The
strike was made near the surface. An
other rich strike has been made in the
Susarman pocket mine on - Bald Moun
tain. The extent of the strike is not
known, but it will go into the thousands.
The Tanzy pocket mine situated just
outside the northeasterly limits of So
nora, which yielded a $40,000 pocket about
five years ag-o, Is still being operated un
der lease by Birney, Munroe & Co. Since
the big strike the mine has produced onlv
55000.
GOLDEN STORES
ARE IN RIVERS
— — .
Miner Says Millions Are
at the Portals of
Sacramento.
THE SAN fEANCISGO CALL. SUNDAY,; JULY 14, 1901.
First Regiment Arrives in Napa and Takes Possession
of trie Canvas=Covered Field.
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS CADETS
BREAK BREAD IN CAMP POWER
HOTEL ABEIVALS.
25
"It eared me."— -E. G. Chamber-
lain, 651 Vallejo street, San
Francisco.
"Cured me of Rheumatism."— •»
J. D. Benham, Long- Beach, Cal.
"Cared my hack an<l constipa-
tion." J. A. McCoy. Presidio, Cal.
It cannot, will not fail if you try it.
Don't hesitate. It is absolutely guaranteed
and no man is aeked to pay for a cura If
he don't get lt- Pay for what you get. :
That's a better plan than doctoring . and
paying out two or three dollars a week as
Ions as you live.
Come and see me, or If you can't, send
for the book, sealed, free or request. It
explains t>ie trouble fully.
I am the inventor of the Cushion Elec-
trode, which prevents burning from tha
current. I All other belts burn and blister
if they give any current at all.
¦ Office Hours, S a. m. to S:30 p. m. Sun-
days, 10 to 1. Los Angeles office, 131 W.
2d st. Seattle, 1C5 Columbia st.
I take other belts In trade to prove 'how
much better mine Is. Call or write to-day
and inclose this ad. .
dr. M.c. Mclaughlin,
702 Market at.', cor. Geary. San Francisco.
Nine cut 9 put of ten of early decay In
men ar» oausod by Varlccoela, •
It drafts the nerve out of a man quicker
thai) consumption. It does not destroy Ufe,
but lt destroys all that life is worth livins
for. ' . •> * , -
Have you got It? If so be- cured at once,
Dr, MoLaughlln's Electrio Belt is a euar-
anteed cure. It has 6000 eurea . of Varico-
cele,
"My Yarleocele Is cured, and I
feel better and stronger than I
have.for yean."— C A. Behrens,
Gracy, Cal. ¦¦
Tou are unjust to yourself, to . your
friends and those whs look to you for their
future happiness It you allow this trouble
to drain your life away.. Cure lt now.
In & few days after you besln -wearing
the Dr. McLaughlin Belt you will feel new
life and Bplrit in your nerves, everything
will look brighter to you, and you will be
full of ambition. Your neighbors say it
cured them, why should it not cure you?'
'-, "Your Belt Is a smre remedy for
"Vnricocele and back pains."-—
' Henry Bray ton, Point Arena, Cal.
There's - a cure • In • every ¦ town in the
State; not a ham'.et of fifty people but has
one- cured by Dr. McLaughlln's Electric
Belt V Is that proof ?
Varicocele Makes a
Coward of a Man.
It mix>« the very essence of courage from
his vital* and leaves him weak, wrod and
discourased. . . , .' . • ¦ .
The drain of vitality due to>a weak di-
gestion, weak kidneys, • rheumatism.s nerv-
OU8 - debility ; and those fallings which
¦ arise from excessive disregard of the lawa
of nature. 7 Is almost as bad. ¦ :
No real happiness can coma to a man who
suffers, like this. -
. ;Dr, McLaughltn's Electrio Belt li t per-
manent cure for him.
; "After years of infferlBR from
Varloocole / and treaknen, and
trials of many, other remedial,
Dr. McLemsrhltn's Electric Belt
cured me 'in six • Treeks."^— Loulai
FoNcallna, Mok Hill/ Cal. V .
Tou wear It while you. sleep. •¦? It Infuse*
a glowing- - warmth, It washes out the
clogged .varicose veins," restores new blood,
and renews healthy circulation. It ' cures
the : worst cases of - Varleucele - In three
. months. .¦-¦•¦< •
-Have you grot .Varicocele ? pead my. book.'
It describes the trouble and will tell you if
_you have it. t: . "¦ -. . '. • ... ' '¦;;}'.
Prof. Laborde's Wonderful French PreparatioB
"CALTHOS"
Restores Lost Manhood.
5 DAYS' TRIAL TREATMENT
JLbMlatclj FREE hj Sealed HaiL
PBO7. JULES LABORDB.
DISCO YEBE2 OF "CALTUOS."
"CALTHW in put before 70a on it* merit*
•Jen*. Try it and put it to the t»«t. Try tt fr**.
Tbere is no aecuritr required — no C. O. V. scheme.
. Send n« yonr name and nddree*. and «« will send
Ton enough "CAKVTHOS" to laet five daja. It
Will be sent Id m »caled package by mall.
Tbe m&rrelooi French remedy "C'ALTIICS"
recently introduced in tbU country by the Von Mohl
O>., of Cincinnati, Ohio. 0110 of tbe largest, richest
fno most responeibie business firms in the United .
tat*, i»t attracted the attention of the entire
pedlcu profession becanre of t«e wonderful cutpi
U bae effected. If yon suffer from Loct Manhood.
Taricoeele, Weakoese of any nature Jn tbe Sexual
Organs or Ker»ee, < jjo matter liow caused.) or if tbe
fan* are undeveloped or Iiare shrunken or wasted
•war •• CALTHOS •• will restore yon,
•? CALTHOS" ii tbe discovery of Prof. Juleg La-
borde. imumI in Paris as France's foreniuht specialist.
"CALTHOS" is tlie only remedy recognized tiy
tk* medical" nrnfemiion a« a specific cure for »eak men.
"CALTHOSC hai the endorsement of the Cer-
Bi<in and French governments, and it largely ueed in
u* standing aroSec t,t tlione countries. I
All correspondence relating to the *• CAIiTtiOS"
¦epe-rtment of our Invinro is utrirtiy confidential.
We neither publish nor liirnith testimonials.
AddreMThe VOW MOHL CO.. • 4ao B.
tercett Importeri of Bttritsri •-—¦¦• . ¦ . . . *
fj.f.itiuoBi is iLt u. s. CINCINNATI, OHIO*
HK3BHnHnBHHHERHaEaESHraHEnSEHBHBSE2HESSE232HHaSHSG3rsaE3nSEa32SB2aa
K» ,._.. . _ . ......Mrs. Adam Smith and Miss Ella L.
Smith have returned after a month's out-
Ing at Camp Hepsiaam, £a.nta Cruz Moun
t tains.
Mrs. A. S. Tobin has removed to 1227
Guerrero street. At home Wednesdays.
Mr. and Mrs. James Cullinane of 1617
Dcvisadero street are spending their vaca
tion at White Sv.iphur Springs, St. Helena.
Mrs. J. Levison, accompanied by her
daughter Rcbe, will leave on the 15th iitst,
on the stoamer Walla. Walla on a pleasure
trip to Victoria. Seattle and Portland.
' The following from the Pacific Coast
sailed on the Hamburg- American liner
Deutschlar.d irom New York on the 11th
Inst. for London, Paris and Hamburg:
Mr. and Mrs. Charles L. Fair and maid,
Dr. E. de Witt Connell, Mrs. Connell,
Miss Jennie Oonnell, J. R. Selfridge, J.
Melczer, F. C. Lehner. . Mr. and Mrs.
Maurice Silbenslein, Mr. and Mrs. Emil
Bolbrugge. Mr. and Mrs. Leopold Hlrsch,
Mrs. C Jewell, Miss Charlotte Jewell.
John Bryson Sr. of Los Angeles, Urs. G.
Mrs. E. L. Nuttman, wife of the purser
of the Walla Walla, has left for the north,
where she ¦will remain until the winter
season.
Dr. Hirschkowitz has left for the south,
and will return about the 18th inst.
Mr. and. Mrs. E. A- Sehmitt have re
moved to 1023 O'Farreil street.
Mrs.' f\ K. Stnart has returned home to
Los Angeles after a two months" visit in
this city.
Miss Kathryne Hall of this city left last
lo spend a few months' vacation at
the elegant summer home of Mrs. James
Dunne at San Felipe.
liliss Eva Ososke is visiting Mr. and
Mrs. Robert Donald of Birds Landing.
James Mallady •will r»pend his summer
Vacation cf a •month at Monterey.
Mr. and Mrs. Grattan D. Phillips are
it-pending the summer months in Ross Val
ley-.
Dr. and Mrs. Edwin A. Clay left Friday
for a short visit to Astoria and Portland.
Dr. Josef I. Manson of 917 Van Ness
avenue ha& returned after a month's trip
Miroug-h New York State. - -¦ • .
Mr. and Mrs. _E. V. Herve left Monday
evening ior a trip through Southern Cali
fornia., ' ¦ . •
y^rs. Goodsell. the Misses Good.*ell, S.
S^avar.nah ana S. Adelstein were the
g-ueets of Mr. i«nd Mrs. b\ Dellepiaine at
lien Lomond last week.
211&KE Martha and Mabel Franklin are
spending a couple of weeks in San Jose.
Mr. ana Mrs. Henry GcMetein will re
turn in a few riays from a three months*
visit to all the large cities of the South
and East.
lliss Winifred Stateler of Alameda and
Miss Susie Belle Stone and Miss Bertha
li. Boas of .Oakland, chaperoned by Mrs.
Oeorfif E. Bennett of San Francisco, are
ut Shustn Springs.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Merrill Bailed Sun
cay on the steamer Sarta Rosa for a trip
through Southern California.
Processor L. J. Merzbach left for Skaggs
Springs latt Saturday, to be absent two
\vp°ks. ¦ *
Mr. and Mrs, C. E. Graham and little
daughter Margaret left on the 10th of this
tn.on.th for New York, where Mr. Graham
•win reside as the confidential agent of H.
32. HunUngton. \ .
After an extensive tour through Ger
many, P. F. Butler, Miss Genevieve and
iliss Alice Butler have left Berlin and re
turned to Paris, where they arrived In
lime to ¦witness the Grand Pns. They
leave shortly for England.
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Unna have left
Ross Valley and will spend the rest of
the summer at the Hotel Geneva, Sausa
lito.
ilr. and Mrs. l3yron Mauzy and family
have returned from a visit to New York
and other Eastern cities.
Mrs. Helen Antterson, from Davenport,
Iowa, ia visiting Mr. and Mrs. Fred faoye,
tind will spend about three weeks in Pa
cific Grove.
Mrs. Prendergast and her daughter.
Rose, are spending- their vacation in So
i.i xna.
Mrs. Henry L. Falk (formerly Stern) of
Idaho is visiting at 1619 Laguna street and
wjli be at home Wednesday afternoon,
July 17.
Mrs. L. Krause and sons of Portland,
Or., are visiting this city and during their
stay will reside with Mrs. Krause's par
ents. Mr. and Mrs. D. Adler of 527 Oc
tavia street.
Misses Bella and Sadie Goldberg have
kft for Santa Cruz for the summer.
. Scott Dickson ' and William
MavSscn Hennen. Mies Dickson is a San
Francisco {riri, but now a resident of New
York, and the only daughter of Robert
Dickson, manager of the Royal Ex
change.. She made her debut. in this city,
iust previous to leaving for New York,
and at once became a great favorite. She
is extremely pretty, charming and accom
plished. Mr. Iler.nen, the fortunate young
man. is a grandson cf Judge Hennen of
Louisiana and a. cousin of Dave Hennen
Morris, prominent in exclusive circles in
New York. Hennen has also relatives
whose names are making history in the
Old World. One of his cousins is a prin
cess and la/iy in waiting at the Italian
court. Another cousin is lady In waiting
to the iimpress of Germany.
Miss Dickson is related to the best fam
ilies of Scotland. Best known among
these relatives is Sir Richard Keith. E&rl
Marshal of Scotland. No date for the
¦weddl'.is of Miss Dickson and Mr. Hennen
has yet been decided upon, though it is
¦arranged that the marriage will be sol
emnnzed in December.
EVERAL. charming .little wed
/r" dhigs made the past week,
(\J\y\ from a social standpoint, a
W\] very delightful one. Word
¦ -^V came from New York of" the
0 *<s engagement . of Miss Ethel
L. Lambertsbn, Mr. and Mrs. B. "Wagner.
Albert Wagner, Mrs. G. M. Grelg. Mr. and
Mrs. Ad Bradv. Captain G. Berudo, Mrs.
G. Berude, Miss Onja Berude. Miss May
Berudq, Miss A!ma JSerudc, Mr. and Mrs.
E. Drechsler, Miss Fannie Bahrenfuss,
Mrs. S. Blum, Albert Hasselof, Theo
Bergdahi, MrV- and Mrs. E. Hillmann,
Harry Hillmann Arthur Hilimann, Fred
Wic-dv.ald and J. N. Jordan.
At the Kesorts.
WILBUR HOT SPRINGS— The following
guests registered'at Wilbur Hot Springs during
the <iast week: From San Francisco— Gustava
Schnee. A. B. Rissi, Ben Jones. John Brew,
Mrs. J. Schmidt, J. Curry. From Oakland-
Mrs M. Learner. Miss Minnie Learner. From
Wallows— Mrs. B. F. Gies. R. S. Marshal.
From Colusa— George A. Hinrichs, J. Itchier.
G. R. Philips, S. de Sotto. From >eville-J.
F EUIp R G. Burrows and wife. John Wil
liamson. From Kacramento-Mrs. A. Howard,
W Pleasant James O'Keefe. From Cordelia—
H. Tunnusen. C. A. Harvey, From Suisun-F.
Robin and wife. Master Ralmond Robin .and
Miss Robin. From Del Paso-J K. Lundffuish.
J David and wife. From Norman— La La
gran<i and wife. Georse Patterson. .
CAMP CURRY— Arrivals at Camp Curry,
Yoseniite, during the past week include: Pro
fessor JoKiah Keep. Professor \\ inthrop L.
Keep. Mills College : Mr. end lira. Charles S.
Greene, Oakland; L. E. Kilkeny. F. F.
Sweeny Salinas; Arthur McDonald, Will Moon,
Miss Carrie Uea, Kan Jose; F. F. Kennedy ban
Francisco; Rev F. S. Brush, Alameda; John S.
Drum, San Francisco; Adrian A. Kosseter.
A'.ameda; Charts Utzlu*. San Francisco; John
T McClean Miss Mary Helen McClean. Master
John Paul McClean, Alameda; Judge V. illmm
P. Lawlcr, Sidney M. Ehrman. San Francisco:
Wales L. Palmer, Oakland; Alex O. Lels, ban
Francisco; George C. Ross. Lee L. Ross . »*i
mont; Miss. Susanna Cory. Miss Harnet Cory,
San Jose: Miss Cora M. Rowell, A. C: Olney.
Fresno; B. Broemmel, F. Bender. U. Btaplo
fcldt. William E. Colby, San Francisco: h. Sid
ney Elston. Berkeley; Mr. and Mrs. C. A. Kl-
Bton, Honolulu; Miss Monah L. Morgan. New
York; Miss F. A. Gillette. Syracuse; Hubert M.
Evans Modesto; Edward Hohfeld, San Fran
cisco; Major and Mrs. Charles H. Weir, U. S.
A.; Dr and Mrs. John C. Spencer. John Chet
wood, William Balnaves, San Francisco; Philip
Eteiner, Bluffington. 111.; Rev. Edward L. Par
sons San Mateo; Professor L. J. Richardson.
Berkeley; Professor H. R. Fairclough. Stan
ford University: C. C. Slelner. Silvi Schu
macher, Pandora, O. ; Charles F. Scott, Mrs.
G H. Axtell Denver; Mr. and Mrs. George
Schammel. G L Schmidt, Alvin Powell, Oak
land; A. H. Sanborn. J. S. Sanborn. E. S. .
Stevens. C. C. Stevens. S. S. Stevens. San
Francisco; Miss Annette Butler. Santa Barba
ra; Miss Elizabeth E. Lanjdey. Chicago; Mr.
and Mrs. C Fred Henking. San Diego; Mr. and
Mrs Ford A. Carpenter. U. S. Weather Bureau;
Mr "and Mrs. Earl C Bronatgh. Portland; Miss
J. A Waymlre. Alameda: Miss A. E. Hall.
San Francisco; Miss Alice Edwards Pratt. Kan
sas City Mo. ; Miss Helen Clare Llllis. Mr. and
Mrs Charles J Barrett. San Francisco; Ar
thur L. Paine, New York; F. G. Proctor. San
Francisco; Miss Evangeline Wright, Kansas
Citv, Mo.; Miss Dolly Chapman. Alameda.
CAMP REVERIE— The weather at Camp
Reverie has been more than ordinarily delight
ful during the past week and the excellent op
portunities tor bathing and swimming are at
tracting large numbers. Among those register-
Ing irom San Francisco are: Manfred - H.
Heynemann, W. J. Maloney of the United
States transport Sherman and Mrs. W. J. Ma
loney, J. F. Schemp, H. R. Wiley, W, W.
Hanscom, Mr. and Mrs. E. F. Moran, Mrs: F.
Friedman, William J. Huber, Mr. and Mrs.
N. j. Tobias, George H. Tyson and family,
Mrs. C. Chalmers, Miss Alice Chalmers,
Charles H. Lombard. A. Cane, DD. S. ; H. A.
•Teague, DD. S.; Mrs. H. A. Teague. Miss H.
M. Teague, Daisy Daniel, Mrs. H. C. W r hltlng,
James B. Gordon, Harriet T. Noah, Alice As
crolt, Mrs. James E. Gordon, Mabel Florence
Gordon, Hoy T. Klmbali, E. R. Field, Mrs. H.
C. Winn, Lillian Field, George Wall, H. C.
Whiting, F. W. Thompson, Miss Nellie Galla
gher, Miss Mae Gallagher, George Schmullian,
Sylvan Loewel. Miss A. M. Geragtity, .'Mrs. E.
Geary, Miss Mary Geary, J. C. Wolf, Charles
Harris, Mr. Keatlngs, Mr. O'Brien and family,
Irom New York; Mrs. Mary D. Fiske, from
Alameda; Maude G. Cohen, Mrs. Emma Rath
geb, Mabel H. Barber, Mrs. McNeil and daugh
ter, R. L. Hill, M. D.; Vernon Irwin, Mr. and
Mrs. R. Hoppee, Mrs. J. H. Dingwell, Fred
Dingwell, A. H. Glascock and wife, from Oak
land. From Berkeley— Hattie O. Kelsey, Aus
tin Lewis ana family. Mrs. W. H. Hilton. Mrs.
Alice Chittenden, M. Doyle," Dorothy Doyle and
Florence Doyle. 'From Santa Rosa— Mr. and
Mrs. O. Fountain, H. S. Totten, B. F. Graves
and family. 3. C. Nathanson and family and
A. Hendrickson. Mr. and Mrs. C. W. Thomas,
Miss Green and Miss Smith. Altruria; H. U.
Ojrburn, Hilton; Pauline H. Green, Los Ange
les; Charles Whiting, Sonoma; Mrs. F. H.
Muller, London, England; Mrs. Clara B. Colby,
Washington, D. C: Lucy Zstne. Glen Ellen.
The management announces I that the pro
gramme for the next week at > Camp Reverie
will carry the names of Professor George M.
Stratton of the department of philosophy of
the: University of California; H. L. A. Culmer,
the artist of Salt Lake City, and Austin Lewis,
who will remain over another week. Professor
Stratton will lecture on "The Difference Be
tween Men and AVomen" and "Imitation and
Suggestion." 'Mr. Culmer's subjects are, "The
Domain of Art" and "Ideality in- Art." Mr.
Lewis will supplement his course of lectures
by a fourth on the same lines, which he will
give on Monday morning, July 15.
VALLEJO WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS—
The following guests are registered at the
White Sulphur Springs: From San Francisco-
Mrs. McQuarrie, Miss Carrie Sheehan, Mrs.
Hanley, Miss Mollie Hanley, Mr. and Mrs.
Patereon, Mrs. A. E. Tiernan, William J.
Tiernan. Mies K. E. Dowling, J. P. Connaugh
ton. Miss Kittie Mullin, Mr. and Mrs. Schrier,
Mr. and Mrs. Lange, Miss Ida Lange, J. / P.
Payne, .Frank Kirwln, Mr.and Mrs. O' Conner,
J. H. Gillies, Miss Etta Johnson, H. Stewart,
Colonel Belt, Mr. and Mrs. Huff, Mr. and Mrs.
Klopstock, Miss Te&sie Klopstock, Fred Klop
stock, Sam Klopstock, Ike Klopstock, Miss
Mabel Peters, Mr. and Mrs. Elmquest, Mrs.
Milker. Lionel Millzer, Mrs. Parker. Miss Ger
trude Bryan, Miss Mullens, Mr. and Mrs.
Knox, Mrs. Coats. Oakland — Mr. and Mrs.
Heafey, Irma Heafey, Edwin Heafey. Vallejo
— James O'Leary. John Anderson, Sam Cooper,
Charles Walsh, Paul Norton, Mr. and Mrs.
Seibrandt, MY. Haupt.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS-^Among the late
arrivals at Klamath Hot Springs are: From
San Francisco— James Murphy, W. D. Leahy,
Miss Madeline Leahy, Y. R. Parks, Benjamin
Edson, L. P. Bell, J. C. Gyle, Paul Cowles.
Dr. T. F. Sullivan. Mrs. D. Sullivan. From
Klamathon — Jacob Isler, John Rogers. Sacra
mento—J. A. Manley, E. Heinrich," Arthur
Loupe, E. P. Peart, W. H. Lewman, W. F.
Geary. W. C. Smith, F. R. Remele. Montague—
J. E. Beaudrout. Lakeview, Oregon — R. E.
Lee Skinner. A. F. Tonnengsen, James Moore,
E. M. Brittain and wife, : A. Y. Beach and
wife, George Reid, Frank Reid. Rex E. Bord,
Los Angeles; Miss Ellen Cobb, Boston, Mass.;
D. S. Minogue, Pokegama: Charles A. Fetch,
Chehalis: Mrs. T. M. Hermann and Miss Nel
lie Hermann, Myrtle Point; .Dan McGugin and
B. E. Van Voorhies, Portland; W. D. Owen,
Chicago; R. P. Gleeson and wife, Oakland.
CAMP MEEKER— The following guests reg
istered at Camp Meeker last week: From San
Francisco— William Muller, E. C. Pitcher. W.
C. Harvey, W. I. Wilcox. D.D. S. ; Essie Coax,
Mr. and Mrs. John Oswald, M. w. Howard,
Captain H. S: Cox, Thelma Coax, Maud • E.
Reynolds, Ada M. Powers Mrs. J. D. Powers,
J. X. Boardman, Mrs. J. Rogers. Jessie Mack
pherson, Charles Rogers, W. B. Webster and
wife, Mrs. H. Wollenschlager, Miss K.. Feeney,
M. J, Smith, Mr. and Mrs. F. Webster, : Miss
Margaret Webster. John -Jay • Scoville. Grace
S. Scoville, R. R. Vail and wife, ; Miss Vail,
E. J. Root and family, Fred Manchester, B.
S. Manchester, Miss Daisy B. Hewitt, Miss
Margie Hewitt, Miss Myrtle Beiyea, Mrs. J. L.
Herget. Mrs. W. F. Swift. S. ¦ W. Holland,
Fred S. Hare. Leslie Houdlette, William Day,
Amy Cummings, Grace Rogers, Mrs. A'. .L.
Jenness, F. J. Roskamp, Al Gibson, H. Han
fen and family, C Rapp and family. H. A.
Bllay, Anna C. Murphy, Bert >W. Bernhard,
Charles ilauman. F. O. Clark, Edward Adams,
Howard Bernon and wife, Ruth Vernon, Helen
Vernon, Mae Vernon, . George S. Dryden, J.
T. Dryden, Mrs. Kate Toner, L. August Len
icke, W. H. Feedmann, Miss Ethel Cox, Mrs.
J. ' C. Weber and son, Mr. and Mrs. ! F. A.
Hatch and daughter, Joseph Landers,' Chester
L. Stanley. Mrs. I. P. Lupman and son. Miss
Emyle L. Murphy;- Mrs. K. Maack. B. Bern-,
hard. Miss B. F. Hewitt, William M. Robert
son, V.'. R. Myers, S. Disbecker, Mr.
and Mrs. Stand and family, Mr. and Mrs
G. H. Wilson, L. W. Snow, Miss Grace Han
sen, William Jackson, C. H. Walls, E. P.
Matteson. • Mrs. E. . P. Matteson Mrs. T. H.
Whitney, F. E. Palmer, Adolph Bilay, Eliza
beth M. Lee. George F. Brown, John Attridge,
George Eamey, C. Lyons. From Berkeley-
Professor .Charles Rogers, Mrs. E. A. Mohr
hardt, Carl A. Mohrhardt, Mrs. H. W. Wilder.
From Oakland — Mrs. F. L. Gove, F. I*. Gove,
Arnold Bruner, Arthur Jackson, • R. W. . A.
Jay, Miss Beatrice Marks, Mrs. Fonte
bellamma. Miss Mabel Dlxon, Mrs. A. Chres
toffersen. Miss Lillle ChrestoflTersen, Miss Car
rie E. Hazeltine. Gretchen Nelle, Louise Nelle,
Rosa Langon, James -Langon, Mrs. O. K.
Jeffress and son. Miss Mabel Jeffress, M.'W.
Jeffress. ,W. F. Hazeltine and family. From
Alameda— Dr. L. T. Cranz.- Mrs. E. R. Mar
riott and son; C. B. ' Allsopp, Miss Julia
Wrlg-ht, Miss Ethel - Wright. From San An
selmo — Mrs. James Twlstead. From Tomales
Mrs. K. A. Keys, Miss Keys/ Miss Cooper.
From Camp Taylor— Mrs. ' L. E. Pettus, Mrs.
Varly Schutte. From Santa Rosa— C. ' B
Wright, Mrs. C. B. ' Wright.
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS— Registered at
the California Hot Springs during the past
w<*k are: -Mrs." E. L. McAdory, Dr. R. J. Mc-
Adory, John Bollman. R. H. Rountree, George
L. RJddell, George H. I. Jackson, John Hoey,
Charles Hoey, Merrett A. Cutten, L. Granwell
Captain • A.V E. Chapman, Joseph Constine, W.'
J.' Coey, H. McGowan, J. • Dorety,' G. Prag,
Captain and Mrs. Matt' Turner," Eva Turner,
Aehle L. Rundle, Miss Anna M. Gaff ney, . Mrs.
A. -H. ; Schiimacker, Mrs. I. Molinelli. Mrs. g.
ChlarlnU Miss Josephine C. Eckler,' Miss Mary
E. Eckler. Misi May E. Kelly, S. M. Simon,
J.' Gold, -San Francisco; Mrs. Henry Ken
rlouelle, SanMateo.. .'" "' -' •; -*_':^v '
•'LAKE TAHOE- Recent arrivals at Rubicon
Park, Lake Tahoe, include:' "From San Fran-
..While none : of the Directors will admit
what his course will be in dealing, with
;the easel it is said that the accused prin
cipal is slated for suspension for a period
extending 1 from six ¦ months to - a * year.
This action Is regarded as probable from
the attitude of the- board while the trial
/was in progress.; The Directors could not
conceal their displeasure because Miss
McKenzie had the temerity to blame the
course of : study for the failure of her
eighth 1 grade t pupils to pass the High
School examinations. The course of study
is held to be a sacred thing by the board
and attacks •: upon ; It;, bring down official
wrath . on ' the : offender. . s , . .• • ,-^
Agrain, .the ? charge made by - Miss ; Me-
Kenzie's attorney that his client had not
been, accorded a fair trial has only added
fuel to the flame. ; The evidence that Miss
McKenzie is; of a' 1 , nervous .temperament,
which i unfits her for the position of prin
cipal; will | Influence the board's ( decision
aguinst her, especially in view of a vague
remark of : Director : Casserly, whoi- is re
ported to have said a few -weeks' ago:
A'Well, we I intend to | make an 'example of
gome /principal.". Miss McKenzie claims to
have ; discovered new . evidence ; to \ justify,
her administration, > but; the board is; dis
inclined 1 to go deeper Into the-matter. It
asserts that the ¦ principal : has ibeen given
the fullest" opportunity ,- to defend , herself .
and children, Bakersfield; Thomas Lynn, Gil
roy ; J. W. . Smith, Mrs. E. - Farley, Mary V.
Farley, J. S. Oliver, J. J. Silva, A. L. Souza,'
Watsonville; O. Eldridge, , Arroyo Grande; T. J. •
Hart. New Haven. Conn. ; .W. F. Holleii, Mrs.
T. Usher and daughter,- Gussie Bennett,; Mrs.
William Friede and son. Rev. Garrlg:a, King
City; Julian Young, Spreckels; W. J. Richard
son, Lincoln; W. K.- Brown, Mexico; Mrs.- K.
Bailey, Salinas; F. A. Wideman, Chris Wide
man, • N. Quirk, Gonzales; Rev. V. Close, San
Juan; A. M. McCabe. San. Jose. .
SARATOGA SPRINGS— Following is a list
of late arrivals at Saratoga Springs: A. P.
Fisher and valet. 'Charles Lachman and sister,
M. A. Abrahamcon and wife, San Francisco;
J. D.Cutherbert. W.H. Lander, San Rafael;
A. Krip, .D. Menckle and daughter, D. Wing
and wife, H. Muller and family. A. T. Deckle
man, F. Schusslor, James Hanson, San Frail-'
Cisco; I. H. With, -W, M Watson, Mrs. M.
Littin, H. Kemp, Mrs. H. A. Curly. Mrs. T.
Curley. J. H. Llnsman. Charles Linsman. Wil
liam Christ and wife. Captain and Mrs. Charles
Ltavy, Miss Edith Leavy. Miss Nan Leavy, San
Francisco; J. . R. Thomas and wife, Mrs. Dr.
Thomas, Miss Evaline Thomas, Ukiah; Andrew
J. Noe, Oakland; Miss Nellie Crisly,.- Ukiah;
Mrs. Shroder, Paris; Miss, Eugene Harris, Ven
ice: MlssDollie Graham, San Francisco; Mrs.
L. J. Phclps, San Carlos; W. C. Butler,- Clipper
Lake; Fred H.Schott, Louis Bollinger. Tony
Ortega, John Halloran, Milton Moye. M. Har
ris, San Francisco; Dr. M. J. Sim and wife,
Miss Leonard, Berkeley: I John Coffey, San
Francisco; Charles Hendy, Berlin; Dr. J. H.
Seymour, S. Straussberg, H. J. Friedlander,
H.. S. Neil, Bill Straussberger, San Francisco.
.HOTEL BEN VENUE— Arrivals at Hotel
Benvenue during the past week include: Miss
Ella Young, Miss Lila Stuskey, George Wits
chey, Mr. and Mrs. Bradford and child, D. K.
Penner, A. H. Hunter, E. C. Swain, George
Ready, ErnilieBruner, William Dooley, Stew
art Menzies and daughter, G. W. Myers, J. L.
Cook, William Ralph Elliott Jr.. Miss Grace
M. Elliott, Mrs. W. R. Elliott, Sam Hlreske,
W. Morrison, wife and two children, Miss
Josephine M. Hill,- Mrs. Mary Irwin, John
Hallivan, Fred H. Bibrott, L. Antone Ortega,'
Moses -Harris, Louis Bollinger, Milton Moye,
Miss Loretto V. Conway, Mr. Devine and wife,
San Francjsco; Claud Pierce, Alameda; W. F.
Honefenger. Bartlett Springs; L. D. Lane,
Williams; J. C. Cunningham and wife, Los
Angeles: J. A. Berran, Berkeley; W. H. Whit
ton, ACams; M. J.- Gundler, Dublin; O. H.
Roberts, San Jose;, Pat Behr, Calio Bay; Mr.
and Mrs. W. L. Rldeout and Dr. Nott, Lake
port: Georn-e H. Behan, Kelseyville; Harvey
Spindler, Guerneville; Francisco Gordon, San
Jose; Will J.Allen and Maud S. Allen, Berke
ley; Donald P. CamDbell, Stanford; J. J.
Archer, J. A. . Dunn, Santa Rosa; John Martz,
Ralph . Russell, Lakeport; J. L. Dobbins,
Berkeley; C. L. Patterson, Healdsburg, C. S.
Simpson. Vallejo; J. L. Lamb. Healdsburg.
HOTEL CAPITOLA— Registered at Hotel
Capitola last' week were: H. F. Anderson,
wire and family, W. A. Fortescue. Miss Do
Cousey Corbet, Captain -A. W. Baker, Joe
Alexander, wife and family Jules Abrahamson
and wife, Miss Estelle Phillips, E. J. Ackerman
and wife, Mrs. James Agler, Miss Agler, Mrs.
L. Allenderand son, William H. Robe, G. H.
Brugg and wife. A. C. Bassett, Dr. E. S.
Boyea. wife and family, Mrs. M. Brooks, Miss
¦Mattie Brooks, Colonel H. P. Bush, Miss Maude
Brooks, John Beyntesen and wife, O. Anderson.
'E. H. Bacon, Mrs. J. P. Bamman and son,
N. S. Bunker and wife, E. Bowen and wife,
John Bice and wife, Leo Cooper, Mrs. Dr.
Crowley, D.D., C. W. Clifton, A. B. Cassaras,
Miss E. G. Cassaras, Robert Cummings, H. C.
Delano, Mrs. Dr. E. Doychut, Miss L. Doy
chut, H. Franklin and wife. Miss Laura Frank
lin, .Morton French, wife and child, Mrs. J.
Goodman, Mies . Hilda Goodman. Miss Stella
Goodman, George' Glbbs and wife, Leo A. Gon
zales, Mrs. C. Van Gulpen, Miss Mary Van
Gulpen, Miss Agr.es Hihn, Mrs. D. Hall, Miss
Lillian Bowen, Mrs. A. Howard and family,
Mrs. H. J. Haber, Miss Lucille Haber. G. B.
Harty and wife. Mrs. M. J. Johnson," Misa
Francis Silver, "Mrs. J. Kohn, Miss Edith Levy,
W. H. V. King. Mrs. N. Kleeman, Miss S.
Kleeman, Mrs. George Leek and two sons, Mrs.
J. W; Langford, Miss Louise Langford, Miss
Ida Lazarous,/ C. J. Lelghton and wife. Mrs.
E. P. Ltttlefleld. Miss E. M. Littlefield, Mrs. L.
Loupe. Miss Elsie B. -Loupe. Mrs. Samuel O.
Meyers, Mrs. A. E. Meunter and family, H. W.
Meek and wife. Miss Harriett Meek. Mrs.
Charles Marshall, J. H. Matthews and wife,
R. Mott and wife, M. O'Brien. Mrs. J. C. Pal
mer, W. C. Folk, Mrs. A. 1 Rothschild and fam
ily. "W. Rosenberk, wife and family, H. C.
Stilwell and wife, Miss Gracie Stilwell, E. B.
Stone, wife and family. Mrs. C. Stevens, Cap
tain- C. F. Taylor H. T. White and wife, Mrs.
E N. Wilder, Miss and Ethel N. Wilder. Ed
ward Wilder, O3car Wilder and wife, H. P.
Wilson, wife and family, Mrs. M. C. Wilson,
Mrs. J. Weisben and family. Miss Wolf, Mrs.
N. Angle Webster, E. S. Wheeler and wife.
Miss Essie Wise, C. Linderman and wife. Miss
Carrie Marsh, A, R. Wortham and wife.
HOTEL METROPOLE— Among the recent ar
rivals: at the Hotel Metropole, > Avalon, Santa
Catallna Island, are: John J. Gleason, L. M. v
Lawsbn, George P. Griffith. Joseph Murr, R.
Schranz, Mr. and Mrs. E. E. Stoddard, T. J.
Savage and family, Sam, I. Bayles, R. Adams,
David M. Fletcher. D. A. Hulse, Dr. G. S.
Backman, A. G. Luchsinger, Mrs. Mary E.
Crowley, Margaret I. Crowley, Annie T. Crow
ley, A. M. Creighton, C. A. Slackay. S. B.
Pauson, J.W. Pauson, Miss Carrie T. Gummer,
Mr. and Mrs. B. P. Oliver, Mrs. A. H. Bayles,
Mrs. C. B. Long, E. J. McNamera and wife,
T M. Nathan, San Francisco; Andrew Mattee,
.Louis Gundefnipe. Walter and Herbert Gunii
efnipe, Fresno; Mrs. J. C. Judklns and son,
Mrs. W. S. Noyes, Miss Lucelia Noyea, F. B.
Noyes, Oakland; Dr. F. W. Bliss, Santa Cruz;
W. J. Taylori Sacramento; P. E. Holt, Stock
ton: Mrs. J. H. Stark, Miss Molly Stark. Ala
meda. There was a very keen little tennis
tournament on the 4th and 5th. T. B. Brown
of Los Angeles won the singles and K. Carter
was runner up, from an entry of ten players.
The round-robin doubles were won- by J. Hop
kinson and, K. Carter; A. J. Copp and Aben
helm were second. .
BOARD OPPOSES
ALL TRANSFERS
?-
Will Adopt a Stringent
Rule for Teachers
Who Apply.
The Board of Education has dedded to
ba more particular in the future regard-
Ing, the granting- to teachers of transfers
from one school to , another. " Heretofore
it has been the practice of the board in
most cases to act favorably on the appli
cations, of teachers who desired to be as
signed to schools near, which they re
sided. . Mrs. Kincaid, president of the
board , said yesterday that in future the
convenience of teachers would not be con
sulted in the matter of transfers. If it Is
possible to grant the application the board
will do so, but no teacher will be trans
ferred simply because' she may ' happen to
reside ' a ; long- distance J away ' from I the
school in ' which she is teaching. | If there
are physical reasons for making:, the
change the transfer will be made. ; The
rules affecting transfers will be made
more stringent in the-future. '
The, board will meet on Wednesday to
inaugurate a new classification. So much
unfavorable ' criticism has been engen
dered over, the requirement of fifty-five
pupils in each class .that it is almost cer
tain that the rule wii» be abrogated. The
board has finally come to the conclusion
that fifty-five pupils are too many for one
teacher to do full Justice to. There will
be no particular limit set to the enroll
ment, but only the number of pupils that
a classroom can comfortably accommo
date will be admitted. This will do away
with ¦ some pupils occupying the desks
while others are absent. ¦ • -'¦ . -V
P From 'all accounts Miss ' Margaret ¦/ Mc-
Kenzie, ; principal of the Hancock Gram
mar School, whose trial on charges of in
competency. has just been , concluded, will
fare-badly at the hands * of ; the board.
SOCIETY'S SUMMER OUTING
o ¦ ' ' ¦ . ¦ • ¦ ' •
ciscp — Emeret E. Kennedy; Mrs. II. 'A. . Ken
«dy, .W. Clayton and wife, Emily Clayton, Mrs.
J. E. Tade, Mildred Tade, Miss A. E. Franks,
Miss It. Boukof&ky, Miss S. Boukofsky, | Mrs.
W. W. Marvin. Miss Marvin, M. Douglass
Judah. "A. E. Roberts, wile and child; Otto
Tiedetl, F. Iburg, L. Coffman, John llitchen, T. •
! \V. RogorB, H. M. Hill. F. M. Henderson. E.
[ W. Garrett. J. H. -Lodewyck, A. Postern, Etta
' McCue, Gertrude Corns r, Neil O'Neil. From
Oakland— Mrs. A. Armstrong. From , Berkeley —
W. A; Setchell. From Belvedere— Charles C.
Dobie. From Sacramento— Mrs. Frederick. J.
Schwartz,' F. Russell Schwartz, J. G. Knowles,
J. E. GDvan r C. -M. Willis, Elizabeth Tindall,
A. A. Van Voorhles, Van Phinney, H. T. Har
per and wife, Locke Harper, Horatio Harper,
Ferham Harper, A. Meister. From Stockton—
W. H. Post and wife, Harriet Post, Martin C.
Post, Mrs. . C. J. Jones, Miss Grace .Jones,
Glenn Jones, Mi's. J.' J. Tully, Miss Genevleve
Tully, Jasper Tully, Eugene Tully. From Reno
i —A. W. Plummer, R. J. Reese. From Klko—
Dr. G. M. Gardner, Mrs. G. M. Gardner, Mrs.
•J/ Wright, Miss Fern Gedney ; . -
SUMMER HOME FARM— Recent arrivals at
Summer Home farm include: . From San Fran
cisco—Mrs. J. del Valle and child, Mrs. E.
R. (ialland, E. R. Oalland, Miss Juanita Gal
land. Mrs. Sh'arb, Mrs. G. Alexander, Mrs.
D. Hoffman, Carl Hoffman, Myron Hoffman,
¦Samuel Hoffman, Florence Hoffman, O. K.
Alexander, N; Cahn, Mrs. N. Cahn,":M.
Newtleld, Mrs. M. Newfleld, Master L. New
field, Rudolph Mueller, Mrs. S. Block, Miss
Eeutta Bloch, Miss Sadie Bloch, Herman
Keiner, Mrs. H. Keiner, Miss E. Keiner, Mrs.
L. Bloch, L. Bloch, Miss M. Bloch, Fernand
Bloch. Miss Kitty Lichtenstetn. Miss Ray Voor
aangrer. Mrs. M. S. - Sehmitt, Evelyn Levison,
Hattie Levison, J. H. Bloom, Mrs. J. H. Bloom,
Miss Rietta' Bloom, Fiorina Bloom, Mrs. Gold
smith, Mark ..Goldsmith, Miss R. Alexander,
Miss H. Alexander, Miss J. Hochhelmer, Mr.
and Mrs. J. II. Shaefer, Miss E. Shaefer, Miss
B. Shaefer. Captain D. H. Shaw, Mrs. D. H.
Shaw,' H. Seller, Mrs. H. Seller, Miss Edith
Seller, J. H. Zemansky, H. W. Forrest, George
Remke. George Helms. Miss Ida del Valle,
Mrs. L. Tussig and maid, Mrs. L. Moise, maiU
and tv.-o children; Mrs. P. ' H." Hanson, Mrs.
H. Pierson, Mrs. Ch. Poulter, Miss Ella
Holmes, Mrs. R. Towart and child. Miss Ther
ese Batvable, Adolph Rosenthal, Mrs. Adolph
Rosenthal, M. L. Schmidt, Dr. M. O. Alexan
der. Miss Cecile Friedlander, Miss H. F. Rose
ner, S. Livingston. Mrs. ¦¦ S. Livingston, Bruno
Livingston Carl Livingston, Miss Helen Ben
feld. From Alameda— Alexander Polltzer, Mrs.
A. Politzer, Jerome Politzer, Mrs^Sanford Ben
nett. Marie Bennett. Ch. Fletter, Mrs. Ch.
Fletter. J. H. Temple, Adolph Polltzer. From
Oakland— Mrs. Ch. Poulter. D. P. Hughes, Mrs.
D. P. Hughes. Miss Mae Glover, Miss Lou
Glover, J. Walter Ward, wife and child. From
Vallejo— A. Hanson, Mrs. A. Hanson. From
Los Angeles— C. A. Hubert, Mrs. C. A. Hubert.
The Fourth of July was celebrated in a most
enthusiastic manner at Summer Home Farm.
The festivities opened with a parade of all
the guests over the grounds. Miss Margaret
Bloch, the Goddess of Liberty, leading the pro
cession, which stopped before the main hotel,
where J. H. Bloom delivered a very appropriate
address, after which the' flag was raised amid
the cheering of those present and the singing
of the "Star-Spangled Banner." In the even
ing a masquerade was arranged which was a
most enjoyable affair, the different characters
being very artistic and ably eustained. Danc
ing continued until the wee small hours.
' GLENBROOK— Among the guests who regis
tered at Glenbrook tdurlng the past week are:
From San Francisco— James Selly, Mrs. T.
Parsons, Miss Etta Parsons, Miss Alma Par
sons, Miss Carrie Parsons,' WiUard Parsons,
Agnes Al. HlKerans, Mrs. J. A. Banzhof, Frank
A. Banzhof, Miss E. A. Berring, Jessie de F.
Davis, A. J. Stlnson, R. W. Coffin and wife.
Miss Florence Coffin, E. A. Remig and wife,
J. R. Meeper, J. i U. Lowerie, ,W. L. Meuss
duffer, Amonard Blum, C. Harynet, F. B.
Dickson and wife, W. F. Peas and wife, Mrs.
J. J. Meyer. Miss D. Burk, Dr. Mayo A. Green
law, Miss Alma Greenlaw, George Conegeys
and wife, David Martin, Al A. Rossett, A.
Dickson, S. B. Carr. From Oakland— Mrs.
Shannon, Mrs. Handlyem. From Vallejo— John
Green, H. A. Brandon, A. Tlllie McManus. O. ¦
H. Brandon, W. J. Conner, - L. F. McManus,
M. C. Cully, Denis Lang, . R. A. Peoples,
Charles rAshwell, Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Rich
ards, Miss Louise Richards. F. F. Cunning
ham, J. F. Reardon, Fred Fish. From An
derson Springs— William Cormick, Charles A.'
Suckhart, E. A. Wright. .From Colma— Mrs.
A. C. Rowell, Miss Elsie Rowell, Miss Giissle
Sunderman. From Napa— A. L. Vohrees. . From
San Leandro— Mr. and Mrs. Miller. Miss Lula
Miller, Mists Ora Miller. Toney Frates. From
Stockton — Miss Emma Debnam. From Pine
Crest— William F. Hess, Miss M.- Schuly. From
Middletown— D. E. Yates, Miss W. Cleary.
From High Valley— Miss Mattie Buttler. ...../
, GILROY HOT SPRINGS— Late arrivals ' at
Gilroy Hot Springs include: From San Fran
cisco— Miss C. Cwney, Frank Sawyer, Mr. and
Mrs. John Glavin, Professor Hother Wismer,
Miss B. Nunan, T. C. Bennett, F. W. Welch,
Mrs. M. Jensen, Miss Davis, Miss C. J. Don
nadieu, P. S. Perrin, Mrs. J. Burke, Bonnie
Ruth Warren, H. Wilson, H. Mooney, B. Ba
ker. Miss Theresa Feeney, Dick Williams,
Thomas Mineban, Miss M. Nichols, Mr. and
Mrs. T. Jackson, Mrs. Catherine Ohiandt, Miss
Martha Ohiandt. From' Santa Cruz— John Mll
lich, J. S. Carle. ' From Alameda— Miss L.
Brampton, Mrs.- H. M. Ladd.-From Gilroy—
S. M. KilDatrick, Tom Ellicott, Miss Nellie
Kannely, Masters Georsre and Matliew Kan
nely. Miss Elsie Richards, -Jacob JCuppus, John
Tolkdorp. From Rucher— Mr. and Mrs. M.
Kannely. From San Benito— James F. Corn
wall. From San Jose— J. Simpson. H. M.
Hartley, F. S. Spurb, J. N. Niel, L. S. Fisher,
George M. Murnhy. From Oakland — F. M.
Schraeder. From Los Anffeles — Thomas H.
Broivn and son, Miss M. McCarthy.
THE GEYSERS.— The guests at The Geysers
during the past week include:. . Miss A. L..
Averell. Miss M. Radford, J. C. Sundt, V. L.
Tyson and wife, S. S. Palmer and wife. Rev.
Otis Mitchell, M. L. Whelan, Miss A. Karney,
Gale Perkins, Will H. Milroy, Mrs.. Pearl, de
Veach and family, Mr. and Mrs. A. Sbarboro,
Miss Ruild Sbarboro, Miss Reno Sbarboro, Miss
R. Balrobus. Mary E. Anderson, Margaret
Shea, Mrs. F. Katz, Mrs. Mayhew, Stanley
Cutllns. H. M. Barry, J. R. Senshaw,
Jean E. Senshaw, A. W. Senshaw, Herbert
Senshaw, C. H. Lovall, Mrs. C. H. Lovall. Mrs.
T. M. Butler, Mrs. ,G. L. King, Mrs. Wilber
Walker Jr.,' Miss Eleanor Herunz, William Mc-
Laughlin, Eugene Richards, Joe Moritz, Charles
Sighs, Louis Holms, Thomas E. Morrissey, W.
H. Hutton. Mrs. M. ! L. Ladd, Ed Sanders.
Charles C. Anderson and wife, San Francisco;
Miss Bumfller, Los Angeles; Miss C. B. Bailey,
San Francisco; Mrs. Elliott Truits, Washing
ton D. C; Mr. and Mrs. James A. Snook, Mr.
and Mrs. Tupper. E. W. Williams and wife,
.San .Francisco; W. L. McCray.
MARK WEST SPRINGS— Recent arrivals at
Mark West Springs include: Richard Telfer,
Mrs. M. Lindner, J. H. Daly, Mrs. J. H.Daly,
Miss Ramona Daly, Charles J. Lane, A. Hoff
man, Charles B. Novinsky. Miss K. Lundblade,
Mrs. M. Levy, Miss Dora Levy, M. Cashel,
Winifred B. St. Claire. Mrs. H. C. Kaiser,
H. C. Kaiser. William D. Hobro Jr., Bertha
H. D. Schwemttzer, John J, Barry, O. H.
Nitram. Mrs. S. Cohen, Mrs. James B. Smith,
Miss Maude Hulford. E. W. Hulford. Miss
Alma SmitK, - Miss Carrie Cohen, Miss L. B.
Edmonds, J. B. Stokes, Mrs. Friedman, Theo
dore Llnek. Mrs. T. Linek, Mrs.: D. Meyer,
Joseph D. . Fox, Mrs. P. A. McDonald. Miss
Katie McDonald, Miss Bessie McDonald, Miss
Alice McDonald, Joe McDonald, D. M. Perrin.
C. L. Tilton. Chester Carrell of Denver, Miss
Josephine Lycatt, William P, • Perry, James
Osborn, . Mrs. , Joseph A. Stulz, Miss M. Hlp
klns, Thomas F. Hardy. P. O'Byrne, R. L.
Wilson, J. P. Sharpe,' M. J. Gundler, Samuel
Kusky. Mrs. A. L. Wise. Thomas Brown, John
W. Fox, Mildred Genesa, Mrs. Hahn, Miss
R. M. Kast, Miss Irene Barron. Rene A. Du
mont, H. J. Leonard, Alice E. Severence, J.
J. More, R: T. Symonds, P. J. ¦ Peabody,
Richard Cruez, M. J. Gundler, Mrs. Joseph T.
Grace, Joseph T. Grace. Mrs. S. Cohen, • Miss
Wollenberg, Mrs. ¦ K. Lynch; Miss Ida Murray,
Miss Theresa Lang, , Miss Mabel Lang. , N. H.'
Lang, Hermann Joost, H. Lindner, /Mrs. L. M.
Dallion, A. Jacobs of Oakland, A. Jacobs. Jr.
of Oakland, Mrs. C. R. Kennedy, Miss Viola
Casselle, Mrs. P. "W. Drury. Miss K.. I. Burns,
John J. Burns. Clarence de Venol, Marie Fan
compe, Gardner Fancompe, -Rene Fancompe,
N. -de Venol. ¦ . -
HIGHLAND SPRINGS— Among the late 4 ar
.rivals at Highland Springs are: San Fran-
Cisco— Miss Clara E. Bailey. G. Rich, I. C. An
derson. Dr. H. Lagan, A. W.' Linforth, Walter
H. Linforth, Miss Florence Liffltt. MIbs Emelie
Cerf, Dr. Robert D. Cohn," Lawrence Buchanan,
Sol Lewis, Miss Marion Lewi3. Miss Mae Cam
eron, E. E.' Drake, Miss Catherine Boone, Miss
Helma Thompston, Miss Julia- M. Neppert, MIsa
,L. C. Neppert. Miss A. Schcndel. Judged J. H.
Sullivan.. Mis3 G. M. SuIHvan./Miss H. B. Sul
livan, J. F., Sullivan Jr., Mrs. J. F. Sullivan,
Miss Margaret Sullivan, H. Kemp, Emil Frank,
Charles J. • Blumenthal, Mrs. John . Traynor,
Miss Irena Traynor, Miss Katherine M. Ball,
-MIrs M. A. Schmidt, Miss C. A: Conly, James
Hanson. J. P. Bates, Miss A; L. Averell. Mrs.
S. B. Averell. Miss Eleanor N. Averell,- Mis3
M. Radford, Mrs. Eugene Moffatt, Miss Moftatt,
Miss Clara Moffatt. Miss Eleanor Brown. G. L.
Moffatt, J. Frowenfeld and family, Mr. and
Mrs. . F. G. W. Paige. Sacramento— Miss Etta
D. Bteinman, W. • P. Dwyer, Mrs.. Robert T.
Devlin, Miss Rose Ryan, Miss Emily P. Rhine.'
San Rafael— W. P. Taylor, Mrs. . J. E. • Alexan
der, J. Nelson Alexander. .Miss Bernlce Alex
ander. I Oakland— Stanley Crellan, H..M.' Barry,
Miss Ella M. Fitz. Miss Ida Prince, Mrs. J. P.
Ames, Miss "Ames, Miss Julia Andrus. Berke
ley—Miss Averell, Frank : A. , Davis, Henry W.
Davis. Alameda— Charles M. Sadler. Miss Ruth
Sadler, Mrs. F, W. Van Sicklen . and family.
Los -Angeles— Miss Emma Bumiller. Jacinto—
Mr. and Mrs. F. B. Glenn, Miss Rhea ; Glenn.
Woodland— Mr. . and Mrs. Joseph Craig and
daughter. BakerEfleld— Dr. and Mrs. -: Clarence
W. Kellogg.- /San Jose— L. ' Hart. . Miss Estella
Hart Miss Natalie Hart. Visalia— Leon Lewis,
Slips Reta L. Lewis. Denver, Colo.— George
Noble Tod<J. , Liverpool, England— Mrs. Low
ther. Miss Barker. Masters C.~ and A. Low
thcr. •;- . ,. ¦ ; .;-¦:¦; '-¦_¦ .... ¦ •- ' . .;. ¦.'
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS— Following: is a list
of the guests at Paralso: I. Raphael and wife,
Marguerite Howard, R. P." Hooe and wife, R.
A. Doak. M. M. » Matthews, R. US Clark, W.
W. ; Pierce.' Robert Ewlng, Mrs. P. A. Mahoney,
Miss Theresa Gorman. Charles Crockett, • Eii
grene Gorman, - Miss W. • A. de Witt. Mrs. - L.
Furth, « child; and nurse; H.- Block. Mrs. J, S.
IiOve, Archie Block, C..F. Block. Charles Le\T,"
Lillian Finck, -T.' L. Lyons, James '<Dunphy,
Mrs. J. W. Raphael and children, ->Alf. Elling
house. Max Samuel, San Francisco- S. E.^-Led-'
man, Louisvtlle, Ky. ; L. M, Dinkelsplel, ; wife
"There are two happy old men in a cozy
little home out; on Howard street, and
their happiness is not due to thoughts "of
the leaguers that throng our streets nor
of the famous marksmen that are arriv
ing on every train./ They are happy : in
their thoughts of each other, for until last
Friday night they had not met for fifty
years. ¦ •
They are Joseph and Charles Cooke,
and each has lived more than man's al
lotted three score and ten years. Both are
white-haired, wrinkled and 'bear other
marks of age, but from the eye of each
beams the light of a brotherly love, which
a half-century of separation has not
dimmed. They are both bright and chat
ty, and "Joe" laughs heartily as "Char
lie" tells him of some boyish prank in
which they participated more than fifty
years ago. They speak of these pranks
of the days of their youth as if they had
happened but yesterday, and enjoy the
telling.
Joseph Cooke, who is 76 years of age ana
resides at 1760 Howard street, left his
home in Ohio in 1851, leaving his brother
Charles, Ms junior by rive years, at home
to care for the farm. He traveled across
the plains with an ox team, settled in
Salem, Or., and embarked in business. He
remained there until five years ago, when
he came to this city with his family to
enjoy a much needed rest.
His brother Charles remained In North
Monroeville, Ohio, tilling the acres which
his brother had left in his charge.
The meeting was an affecting one and af
forded the two old gentlemen a great deal
of pleasure. The visiting brother will re
main here for, some time and then go to
Oregon, where he will spend a week or so
with another brother, whom he has not
seen for forty-eight years.
Clasp Hands for the First
Time in a : Half '
Century.
Joseph and Charles
Cooke Reunited at ,
Former's Home. /
LONG-SEPARATED
BROTHERS MEET
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ; SUNDAY; JULY 14, 1901.
26
' road. Stage from tTktah.
RODNEY McCORMICK. General Manager.
a MEDICAL SPRINGS COMPANY.
T>nn^r Lake P O.. Lake County. Cal.
Main P Offlcefc Water "Depot. 916 Market, r. »«¦
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Sulphur Creek.\ Colusa Co., Cal.. 26 miles by
stage west of "Williama; fare $2. Hottest and
strongest water on the Coast; temperature Hi
deg. : Cures rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum,
skin diseases, neuralgia, liver and kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury in system, dyspep^
sia, catarrh. Natural mud baths. New 2-story
hotel: fine new bathhouse. Board and lodging.
Including baths. $10 a week. WM. OELGEART.
Proprietor.
Healthiest and best climate, prettiest plac«
In all California; lots amusements; flna walks:
all mineral waters. Rates. $10 and $12 per
week. Open May 15. Circulars at city office.
918 Larkin St.. S. F. DRTJRT. & KROEGSR.
- ., « r*r%r% HOT springs, sonoma
\KufifiS Co -' on >y. ?% hour " tT s m
Oit" l/C/U San Francisco; but 9 miles
staging; waters noted for
medicinal virtues; best natural bath In State;
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, daily
mail and express; flrst-class hotel and Btage
service; morning and afternoon etages: round
tripfrom S. F. only. *5 60. Take.Tiburon ferry
at 7:30 a. m. or 3:80 p. m. Terms $2 a day or
112 a week. References— Any guest of the pa«t
eix years. Further Information at Traveler _ot-
fice, 10 Montgomery St.. or of J. F. MUL-
GRE"W. Skaggs. Cal. -
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL • OF ALL
health resorts.
Rates $10 to $15 per week. Two trains dally,
foot of Market street. 7 a. m. and 4 p. m.
¦ For further Information address
• A. DOLLMANN. Proprietor.
...NAPA...
ODA SPRINGS
Napa County,
Cal.
OWN A HOME IN Ti B /fA u - CAMP MEEKER
Buy lots $10 up: cottages built by Meeker. $30
up' boating, bathing, tenting ground free; saw-
mill depot, store, postof nee at camp: board
and lodging $6; take Sausallto ferry, $3 round
trip. Address M. C. MEEKER,, or H. M.
GREGSON. Camp Meeker. - Sonoma County.
Three trains daily; 2<£ hours' ride. A
¦'^"^ Bettens, Mgr., Byron Hot Spgs., Cal.
Lombard & Co.. 86 Geary street. City.
BEN LOMOND.
Park House in the Santa Cruz mountains; S
minutes from station; fine scenery; fishing,
hunting, fine drives, free carriage meets all
trains. MRS. I. N. HATES.
HUNTING AND FISHING 6AL0RE.
Parties wishing to go on a hunting and fish-
Ing expedition In the Coast Range, where deer
and bears are plentiful, and trout-flshing is
elegant, may find their way out by writing to
G. A. EATON. Lowrey, Tehama County.
"THE fiDAVF"- I ' ake Tahoe. Cal.. % mil*
lliC UttUYC east of TaUac. Board and
lodging per week. $9. By the day. $3. Meals.
50c. Good saddle horses and the best ofllyery.
Boats free to all « guests. PARMETER A
COPLAND. Proprietors.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
1% hours' ride from S. F. : S miles from Vat*
lejo. Sulphur baths: cure rheumatism, naoral-
g-ia eczema, kidney, liver, stomach disease*.
Hotel and Cottages renovated. Lake for boatimr
and bathing. Dancing Pavilion. $3 to $19 a we«k_
Special rates families. JL MADRID. Vallejo, Cal.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
address EDSON BROS.. Beswtck. Slsklyou
County. C'aL
Finest fishing: hunting and health resort em
the coast Climate perfect. On Klamatij River.
Rates, $2 and $2 50 per day; $10 to $14 per weeic.
Call Traveler Office. 20 Montgomery rt., of
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINCS.
Greatly Improved. New cottages, largo nail,
pianos, billiard, pool and other games: «Tery-
thing new; J7 per week. Round. trip by ttmr.
Point Arena. $7. Inquire at Beadla Bro«.'. S«
Mission, anrt N. T*. R. R- Co.. 14 Sansoma
Bt.. or of DR. "W. A. McCOKNACK. Point
Arena, C&l.
RUBICON PARK,
A delightful summer resort on the ihoro of
Lake Tahoe. Everything new. Best beacn for
bathing on the lake. Fishing and hunting.
Boats, flshlnsr tackle and saddle horses at mod-
erate hire;' $2 per day. or 110. t\i and $14 p«r
week. Poetofflce. telephone. A. L. FROST.
Rubicon Park. Lake Tahoe. Cal.
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS
Hot Springs, but not a sanitarium.
Formerly Agua Calient* Spring*. Sonoma
Valley. No staging: 46 miles via C. N. Ry. or
S. P. R. R. Immense swimming tank. • Splen-
did table. Come Sundays, t.y it. Round trip.
$1 10. Telephone: expensive Improvement*; $11
and 114. COOPER & SHEDDEN. Agua Ca-
Uente. Cal.
SOLID COMFORT HOME p^d'r^o X
altitude. No fog; climate delightful. Larff*
orchard, vegetable garden. Hot, cold baths.
Spring water. Rates. $7 week up. Stage meets
train. SCHTJLER & SCHEBBM. Napa. CaX.
jrOH/*.l>Jr*ISBEFfc<3.
First-class family resort In the Naps red-
woods. Exhilarating air, hunting, fishing,
swimming and boating. Terms reasonable. In-
quire /THEO. BLANCICENBURG JR., Prop.,
Oakville. Napa Co., or The Traveler's Bureau,
10 Montgomery St. .
CAMP CURRY
Makes It possible for you to spend a w««k or *
month In Yosemlte without exhausting all root
YOSEMITE I I
resources. Rates, $12 per week: $15 per montb.
Office. 630 Market street.
HEALTH AND PLEASURE AT THE COZY
SARATOGA SPRINGS.
S. MARTENS. Prop.. Bachelor P. O., Lako Co.
IT IS NEVER TOO LATE TO ENJOY GOOD
Or less -win cover all expenses of * 10 day**
trip to Tosemlte. Curry's Office, (30 Market
¦treet. S. F.
YOSEMITEI!
GILROY HOT SPRINGS.
Trains leave Sd and Townsend 8 a. m. and 2:45
p. m daily. For pamphlets address R. ROB-
ERTSON Prop.
BOULDER CREEK HOTEL.
Under new management. Entirely renovated.
First-class family resort. I Fine hunting and
flshlnj. Sulphur springs. For terms and par-
ticulars address P. J. WELCH. Prop.. Boulder
Creek. Cal. . • , -
HOTEL BENVENUE.
On the shore of Clear Lake; home cooking:
$7 per week and upward. F. and" A. M.
SCALES. Lakeport. Lake County. Cal.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
Flshlrg; hoats; excellent table; climate per-
fect: 16 mllea from Truckee, in an unbroken
forest. Further information Traveler office. 20
Montgomery. or MRS. H. M. CLEMONS.
Truckee, Cal. ..
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Two miles from St. Helena. Borjrd and room,
$7 a week; camping privileges. XI 50 per week.
Address TV. W. McCORMICK. St- Helen*.
ViCHY SPRINGS,
The only place In the United States where
Vichy "Water is abundant. The only natural
Electric "Waters; - Champazae Baths; Springs
Numerous; Baths Unequaled. Three miles from
Uklah. . J. A. REDEMEYER & CO.,
• : ' Proprietors.
Forrest and health | N THE SIERRAS
near Coif ax on C. P. R. R. Elevation just right —
240Oft.— 136 miles from San Fr. No staging? . good
table; finest scenery, water, air, fruit and climate.
Ideal forests and grounds. $8.00 a week. Send for
booklet, i. Orchard Springs, Coif ax, Cal.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRING3
STAGE LINE.— Hopland to Barlett Springs,
Via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect
with trains at Hopland. Leave Hopland at
12:30: arrive at Lakeport at 3:30; arrive at
Bartlett Springs at 7:30. New 6-horse 14-pas-
senger tourist wagons, made to order for thi3
stage line, with all the most modern Improve-
ments. Passengers for Laksport or Bartlett
Springs call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
Etage Line. , -
MILLER ft HOWARD, Proprietor*.
BELLBVUE HOTEL.
P. O. EL VERANO, Cal.. Verano Station
(King's Crossing), on California Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral baths near by^ Terms,
$1 per day and upward. PETER GOUILHAK-
DOU. lessee. ' ':'-+¦ .,¦
MOUNTAIN HOME.
I In Santa Cruz Mountains. Health, pleasure,
fishing, bunting and swimming; good, table;
guests at home; never fall- to return; stnd for
souvenir. VIC PONCELET. Llaga*.- •
THE LAUREU.Los Gatoa — First-class family
boarding-house: home cooking; beautiful
surroundings; 5 minutes' walk to town. Terms
H to $10 a week. Piano. References. MRS j'
McKENZIE and MISS A. HAMILTON. Props*
LAKE COUNTT.— New 19-paasenger Tosemits
Stage, all outside seats. Leaves Callstoga
daily (Sundays excepted) at 11:30 a. m., direct
to Harbin. Seigler. Adams. Howard. Ander-
son, Astorgs and Glenbrook; buy round-trln
tickets; half an hour for lunch at Calistoga-
also to Middletown. Lower Lake. KelseyviU*
and Lakeport. WM. . SPIERS. Proprietor.
: TOLL HOUSE.
PLEASANT A€COMMODATION3 FOB A
few guests; mountain scenery; pure air. t$
per week.-_H. B. LAWLEY, Callstoga. Cal.
HO ! FOR THE GEYSERS.
ViaC. C Foss' Stage Una from Callstoga.
The scenic route. Livery in connection. . c. C.
FOSS. Proprietor. Calistoga, Cal. . ,\,j ¦
r A HP T A VI tiH Cottages, camping, fishing;
LAair lAILUK 23 miles from-S. F.; in th*
redwoods. Call Traveler office. 20 Montgomery
street or address IL'.G.* MARTIN, Proprietor.
1IIC: If CClVIJ Udll
$1 per Yeap.
BOARB^FRDITFAKM^? 3^^,,^
Terms, |8; " fare 89c* Box 64, Redwood Cfty. :
BIG OAK FLAT AND YOSEMITE STAGE
CO.-Runnln* directly through the Tuolurnne
Big Tree Grove. Lowest rates on the market.
SBS&r SSSS-^ff-i'cWW "g;$
Agent 630 Market st.. opposite Palace Hotel,
S. F.; tel. Black 3571. ¦
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE; OF THE WEST
¦ 24 Post st.. San Francisco. Cal.
Establlfehed Nearly 40 years. Open Entire Tear.
Write for 80-page catalogue (free). .
COGSWELL
Polytechnic College
Corner Twenty-sixth' and Folsom streets. .
- SAN FRANCISCO.
Courses of Study to fit youns men for
positions as
CARPENTERS. PATTERN MAKERS,
FOUNDRYMEN, MACHINISTS, DRAUGHTS-
MEN, SURVEYORS AND STEAM. •
v ENGINEERS.
Open to any graduate of "the grammar
schools or equivalent course.
A ONE-YEAR BUSINESS COURSE,
WITH STENOGRAPHY AND TYPEWRITING
For young men and women over 16 years of age.
MUSIC COURSES. PIANO AND, VOICE.
DOMESTIC SCIENCE COURSES,
. With Instruction in
SEWING, COOKERY. DRESSMAKING,
MILLINERY. HOME NURSING. ' - .
INVALID COOKERY, ETC.
NORMAL COURSES,
' To Prepare Students as -
TE 4CHEKS OF DOMESTIC SCIENCE AND
i£i V"^ MANUAL. TRAINING.
NO TUITION, except a fee of Five Dollars
per half year to cover cost of materials and
bre a£ ?? E RM OPENS JULY 29, 1901.
Office now oien " for applications. Send, for
Catalogue. -
BARTON CRUIKSHANK, M. S., President.
ST. GERTRUDE'S ACADEMY FOR
YnuNG LADIRS.
Conducted by the Sisters of Mercy, opens Aug-.
5 1S01. Full Academic Course of studies. Spe-
cial Normal Class " for preparing Teachers.
Grammar and lower classes graded on State
Schools. . Modern building: steam heated;
lighted by gas; large exercise grounds; loca-
tion unsurpassed for health. Communication
by several lines of ateamers. .
Address MOTHER SUPERIOR, Rio Vista, Cal.
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY,
CONFERS DEGREES AND GRANTS Di-
plomas; seminary course accredited to the
Universities; rare opportunities offered In mu-
sic art and elocution: thirty-sixth year: fall
term opens Aug. '. 1901- "Write for catalogue
to MRS. C. T. MILLS. Pres., Mills Collere
P. P.. Cal. ¦
HAMLIN SCHOOL and VAN NESS SEMINARY
1849 JACKSON STREET,
San Francisco, Cal. i •
Boarding School for. Girls. Accredited by
universities of California and Leland Stanford
Jr. also Vassar, Smith and Wellesley colleges.
Reopens August 12, 1901.
SARAH D. HAMLIN, Principal.
' THE LYCEUM,
AN ACCREDITED PREPARATORY SCHOOL
for the university,' law and j medical colleges ;
references. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor. Phelan Building. . ¦
THE HITCHCOCK SCHOOL,
SAN RAFAEL, CAL.
Xmas Term Will . Commence $ August , 14.
Major Geo. C Collins. Commandant.
REV. C. HITCHCOCK. Principal.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE.
.. : • » A THOROUGH SCHOOL.
Progressive, exceedingly thorough; finely
equipped departments; positions for graduates.
105 Larkin Bt. Illustrated catalogue.
R. L. DURHAM. President
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Boarding and day school for girls, 2126 Cali-
fornia fit. Accredited to the universities. \ The •
next session will begin Aug. 5. For Illustrated
catalojrue address the principal. - '
REV.- EDWARD B. CHURCH. A. M.
ASP MATTHEWS MILITARY SCHOOL; :
BAN MATEO. CAL. The next term will begin
August 15, 1901. For catalogue and Illustrated
circular address Rev. WILLIAM A. BREWER,
A. B.., Rector and Head Master. ¦
MISS M. G. BARRETT'S
SHORTHAND ACADEMY,
' "', 802 Montgomery 5 St.," San Francisco, Cal. -'
Lessons personally or by mall. "Acknowledged by
official- reporters, "best teachers, best system."
¦ College San Rafael fop Young Ladies.
i Conducted . by • the Sisters v. of ? St. ¦. Dominic. '
Opens August 1, 1901. : Full . college : course of
studies.: Modern (building; steam heated. Un-
surpassed for . beauty and healthf ulness. Ad-
drees MOTHER SUPERIOR, College San Ra-
fael. San, Rafael. CaL ;¦..'.• ¦ . - -¦ - - • .¦-.:..
UNIVERSITY SCHOOL,. 1615 Bush st. (west of
; Frankllh)-Prlncipal GEORGE BATES, Mjrr.,
. 13 Intended to furnish the best preparation for
¦ the universities or for . business , to a, limited
.number of s pupils. • Opens on Monday,- Aug. . 6. .
¦'For circulars, etc., address 901 Van Ness aye.
NO W_OPEN.
cally a hotel under canvas. _ -ns,^,«->,Bd
Table board by the week J8 60. J^? 1 '^
tents-different slzes-everytning
reasonable. Railroad fare from t1 E^^Ty
round trip. $2 50. Take boat at' P 13 "^"^!^'
Call or address Camp R?verle A^soc^tion.
Room 81, Flood Building, San Francisco for
particulars and booklets; or write Camp Reverie
Association. P. O. Forestvllle, Sononr * *jjj.
Cal. Booklets may also be had a^^.V^ay
ofHces of the California Northwestern Railway.
IK THE
RUSSIAN RIVER REDWOODS.
SCAMP REVERIE,
Only Three Hours* Staging
To the prettiest, healthiest, moat restful plae«
In all California. Resident physician. EwT
comfort and amusement. Batej-»10. gl 114.
«5 and J1S per week. Call on LEE D. CRAIG-
SIS Montgomery at., and see photographs or
hotel and surroundings. We take Pleasur* In
writing full particulars. Address CRAIO *
WARNER. -
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND.
o3uSSS$ A^RA^TO^N^II^V
Third Annual Rod and Reel Fishing -Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club. •
Eighth Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort. •
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
F^iuil C lnSaS- hote,^rat" -^e^-
rangements for camplns and Illustrated pam-
phlet.. apply to - AgenU
1 U Montgomery^^^anclscc,
M2 South Spring St.. I^os Angeles. Cal.
Pan Jose Is the central city of Calif ornla. an!
Hotel Vendozne Is lta most attractive feature.
Adjacent to IJclc Observatory, New Alm*de»
Quicksilver Mine, Alum Rock Park and count-
less other attractions, reached over perfect
reads. Hotel thoroughly modern and first cla*«
In every respect, with service unsurpassed.
Rates reasonable. For further Information call
at "Traveler" office, 20 Montgomery street.
Ban Francisco, or address
GEO. P. SNELL. Msr.. Ban Jose, Cal.
Central California
THE SEASIDE RESORT OV CEXTRAIi
. California, on Monterey Bay. Now open.
Free booklet. K. M. BRIARS, manager hotel;
FRANK REANIER. supt. camp. Capltola. CaL
Delightful Surroundings and WITTCD
Excellent Accommodations at «111L«
MEDICAL SPRINGS
UH.KB COtTNTT. CAL,
Certain cure for Stomach. Liver. Kidney.
Bladder EWn and Blood Diseases.
Recommended by Leadtnr Physician*. T*»-
t a i?£tf B Saifoni1» and • Northwestern Rail-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Or. & Mrs, TRAVERSE^
DERMATOLOGISTS. ; ¦
Pennane-ntly remove superfluous hair and other
facial blemishes with the electric needle with-
out pain er scar. Wrinkles removed with the
electric roller. Skin diseases cured. Free de-
monstration of ability to make hair grow on
bald headg Hours 1 to 4 p. in. Evenings by
appointment. Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market Bt
cor. Taylor, rooms 28-29, S.. F." Brahman Toilet
Cream, 50c; Brahman Tooth Powder, 25c. All
druKKists. Large stock always at J. S. Potu
Drug Co. . • >-
"s^ Perfect
Possible, and such things as tan,
sunburn, 'sallow-ness, oily or muddy
6km, pimples and blackheads are out
of the question if you use
Sold by druggists and general
dealers, or sent prepaid "on receipt of
price — 50c. Sample bottle ioc.
£: B. HARRINGTON & CO., Mfrs
¦Los Angeles, Cal. '^' : t ;v /
. j Brunette Complexion Powder I;
B in Jum tbe ftL&de for •" ««4i-btvw»e4 con- H
B • ptcttnn; abfreletcljr pare, burolen *n4 »
I . . LtntUciiL 'T«o other • colon — ptnk tnd ffl
E « bite. £»onpl« Iree. . tj
I . . J. A. Petionl. St. Looit. Mo Othe office. of Great Chief of Records Bllsa
show a remarkably .. large increase In
membership, and finance for the current
term. • , . .
Mancopah Tribe, one of the youngest In
this city, has decided to occupy the Sa
chem Hall of the Red Men's building.
The warrior's degree was conferred last
Wednesday night by Manzanita Tribe on
a- number of candidates. The membership
then visited Seminole ; Tribe and enjoyed
its hospitality.
Althamos Tribe had work last Wednes
day night in the warrior's degree and
then its drill ¦ team 5 had an exemplifica
tion of the adoption degree, as the team
proposes to compete for one of the prizes
to be offered by the Great Council. At a
recent meeting this, tribe presented to J.
H. Hutaff, P. S., a valuable gold emble
matic medal in recognition of .his many
services for the tribe and the order at
large. As a worker Hutaff may have had
equals, but he never has had a superior.
After the chiefs of Oshonee Tribe had
conferred the warrior's degree 'last Wed
nesday the new chiefs were raised up for
the current term.
The chiefs of Modoc Tribe were raised
up last Thursday night by U. A. Lewis,
D. D..G. S., assisted by a number of past
sachems. The team of this tribe has en
tered for the competitive drill.
¦After the raising up of the new -chiefs
; of Sotoyome Tribe last Thursday night
' the retiring sachem was presented by the
tribe with a fine badge in recognition of
his services. There was a large attend
ance to witness the ceremonies.
A new tribe called Nez Perce, with sixty
members, was instituted In Loughead
Hall last rilght by Great Sachem F. D.
Brandon and the great chiefs. This, the
tenth tribe. institUc. during the present
great sun, was • organized by Louis F.
Klein.
Last Wednesday night Great Wenonah
Mrs. Mina Rew, assisted by the great
chief of records and members of the coun
cil of ' Vallejo, instituted a new council
of the Degree of Pocahontas at Napa!
The event was followed by a great feast
of corn and venison. ¦¦ ¦ .
Pawnee Tribe's team, that was a close
second in the competitive drill in 1900, is
drilling for the next contest.
Yokayo Tribe of Ukian gave an enter
tainment and dance last night which was
attended by many of the residents of that
place and there were present members of
the'tribes in Healdsburg and ¦ Geyservllle.
On Friday night Arapahoe Tribe after
the adoption of several palefaces pre
sented John Roberts and Robert E. Cole
each a fine emblematic badge In apprecia
tion of services rendered the tribe.
THE FRATERNITIES
Two strangers were admitted by. initia
tion, Mr. and Mrs. Perkins. . It was an
nounced that Miss McConkey is at pres
ent visiting relatives in Cripple Creek,
Colo. .'¦¦ ¦ v • ' . v > . , . . . "
; King Solomon Chapter has arranged for
a grand. entertainment and ball in Golden
Gate Hall on the night of the 7th of Au
gust. : •;• > : •
Golden Gate Chapter will have work in
the initiatory degree at its next meeting
as several candidates have -been elected.
Home Valley Chapter -of Windsor will
hold its first anniversary celebration on
the 26th inst. v- . .
California Chapter is ¦ arranging for an
anniversary/ celebration during the month
of August:; At the last held session of
this chapter there was read a letter from
Mrs. William McKinley, the wife of the
President, acknowledging the very kind
invitation to attend a meeting of the
chapter during the time she was In San
Francisco, but regretting that her illness
prevented . her from accepting or answer
ing before. She also declared in her let
ter that it was the only invitation that
had been extended to her by any chapter
of. the order during her trip. west.
The Odd Fellows, f
Thomas P. Jarvis, past grand of Cos
mopolitan Lodge, one of the most active
officers the lodge ever , had, will not ap
pear in the lodgeroom for some time and
all because he and Laurance Scott went
riding in an automobile last Tuesday.
.Either the vehicle did not appreciate
Jarvis and Scott's handling or they were
not up to the methods of the modern
means ot transportation, for there was
a mix up and a spilU with the re'sult that
the v.-eli-known odd Fellow is nursing a
discolored eye and a badly bruised face
and young. Scott is explaining the pres
ence of a few scratches. Since the acci
dent Jarvis has been heard to say that
hereafter. street cars will be good enough
for him.
Grand Master Nichols has announced
the following .visitations for the latter
part of the current month: July 25, Pajaro
Lodge at Watsonville; 26th, Paradise Re
bekah Lodge at Watsonville; 27th, Soquel-
Lodge at Soquel; 29th, Boulder Creek
Ledge at Boulder Creek, and 3i)th, San
Lorenzo Lodge at Santa Cruz.
. The officers of Templar Lodge, will be
installed on the 17th and on the 24th four
or five candidates will be initiated.
.The officers of Spartan Lodge were in
stalled last week . by District Deputy
Grand Master F. E. Smith, after which a
banquet ¦ was served to the members and
the visitors.
The following named officers' of Yerba
Buena Lodge were installed' last. Thurs^
day night: T. C. Martin, N. G.;'W. P.
Humphries. V. G. ; Joseph J. de Haven,
S.; B. F. Wellington, F. S., and L. E.
James, T. . .
\Kebekahs.
On the night of the 6th inst. there was a
public installation of the officers of Amity
Rebekah Lodge by Deputy President Floy
Urquhart and her staff of officers, with
LilHe B. Holcomb as marshal. The prin
cipal officers .'are Mattie Hudson, M. G.;
Sarah Thompson, V. G. ; Emma.. Archer,
S.; Rose Burwell, W., and Antoinette
Holtz, C. After the installation Ida Al
len, the retiring noble grand, was pre
sented a beautiful jewel by Hattie Fenn
on behalf, of the lodge and a richly em
broidered collar by Florence Giovanessi,
also on behalf of the lodge. This was
followed by a short programme of song
and instrumental music and dancing until
just before midnight. .:¦¦•-
Last night the officers of Templar Re
bekah Lodge were installed in public .in
the presence of a large number of people,
who witnessed the work done in a charm
ing manner by the district 'deputy and
those who assisted- her.. The event was
followed b; r a social hour.
Ancient Order of Workmen.
Grand Recorder Spencer has. returned
from his visit East, where he attended
the session of the Supreme Lodge and a
session of. the Supreme -Relief Board; also
oneof the grand recorders of the several
jurisdictions. Before the relief board he
succeeded in,' obtaining" relief which will
help in" the payment of some of the obli
gations outstanding, and he also obtained
the payment of two rejected claims -which
the board at its previous session held up.
He has prospects, that before long he will
obtain from that body the allowance of a
third rejected claim. These were deferred
on account of technicalities,- but the
amount due has been paid by the Grand
Lodge of the State.- He reports that the
Supreme Lodge adopted a lav/ prohibit
ing the order from accepting to member
ship men who are engaged in certain haz
ardous occupations. At the session of the
grand recorders J. B. Moore of Colorado
was elected president, Grand Recorder
Spencer vice president and J. W. Meyers
of Mississippi secretary. The grand re T
corder while in Buffalo paid a visit to the
Pan-American Exposition. v
¦ The officers of Triumph-Lodge were in- 1
stalled by District Deputy Sharp on the
2d inst., he being assisted by a full corps
of grand officers. After the proclamation
of installation there was an hour of in
teresting talk by prominent members of
the order and' then followed a banquet.
Last Friday night he installed the offi
cers of Triumph Lodge in Franklin Hall
in ; the ; presence of a large number of
members of the order. The work was
well done,- and during the evening -the"
hospitality of the lodge was/extended to
members and visitors.
Last Wednesday night . the officers of
Valley Lodge were installed by the dep
uty of District No. 5, assisted by Special
District Deputy Grand Master Workman
Walter Malloy as grand guide, and a full
corps of acting grand officers. There was
nothing following the ceremony but ad
dresses by a number of the members of
the order, ' including Grand Recorder
Spencer, Special Deputy Malloy, Past
Master E. F. Joy, the new master work
man, Dr. J. W. -Harris, and ex-Deputy J.
J. Cunningham. On Thursday night the
same; officer installed the officers of Burns
Lodge, and after the installation there
was spent a very pleasant hour.
Last Thursday night, after the installa
tion of the officers of Burns Lodge, Gus
Pohlman, the .recorder, who ; during the
previous term was district deputy grand
master workman and had in his district
his own lodge, Triumph and Friendship
lodges, was presented by. the lodges
named a fine desk and office -chair as a
mark of appreciation of his services. After
that Past • Master | Burmeister was initi
ated, into the order of has beens and was
decorated with a valuable . gold watch
chain in; recognition of his past services.
Then there .was a banquet and addresses
by many members of the order. •
After , the officers of Noe Valley Lodge
had been installed by District ..; Deputy
English there. was presented to Past Mas
ter Ahem a small gold badge emblematic
of his rank, one of the most beautiful de
signs ever presented to any one. -
The officers of Excelsior Lodge were in
stalled last Wednesday night and there
were many present to see the new offi
cerB take their positions. After the cere
monv ¦ there was a banquet, at which
Grand Receiver Booth was toastmaster,
and the fun was fast and furious.
j Degree of Honoi*.
The- Installation of the officers of For
get-Me-Not Lodge of the Degree of Honor
last, Wednesday night ,by: District Deputy
Grand Chief --.of Honor : Mrs. McNear of
Silver Spray I^odge, assistedby Mesdames
Pinkham, Qulnton, Cooper and /Harring
ton, in Bed Men's Hall, was one of the
most t delightful affalra ¦: of the ! kind ever
known.. Ths work of the installing officer?
was most creditable and was 'highly com
mended by all. The new officers are: May
E. Shea, P. C. of H.; Annie Lee, C. of H.;
M. Bain, L.,of.H:; Claudia Miller, C. of
C. ; Blanche L. Heiss, U. : Alice Hawley,
Rri—Ed Lee,:.F.; Nattie. Christensen; R.;
Mabel Simpson, I. W., and George J. Gor
rell, O. W. After installation the chief of
honor -appointed Fred Rothgangeran ac
tive member. of the lodge as her adviser.
Under good of. the order there were short
addresses by -members -of the lodge and
visitors, -the new chief leading in, elo
quence and earnestness.- All the speakers
were strong in their expressions of exten
sion of .the order and all promised to help
the good work . along. The work, in the
lodgeroom was followed by a banquet and
interesting responses to toasts and then a
dance. : . • . •• • ' -- - *
Improved Order of. Red; Men.
Yosemite, . the elite tribe of the Im
proved Order /of j Red Men ; has arranged
to give monthly a series of musical and
literary ;¦" entertainments, .with refresh
ments, : on .thejline of .those which have
in the past i pleased beyond j measure those
who - were so % fortunate as { to receive an
in vitation." ! These ', functions • are \ strictly
invitational. .There will be : a 'vaudeville
show in September,; and ; that will, be fol
lowed; by, a. full dress anniversary. ball.: ' v '
' The ,' reports * that" have ' been received ; at
Cleanliness may be next to godliness on
one side, but it is next to impossible on
the other. " \
/ <^ T ULIUS. S.' GODEAU, noble
(j**7[ grand archj will Issue a proc-
lamation in a few days giving
""S \ a lis t of official visits he pro
_ . \) poses to make, and he will in
V\^ }J that" offer three prizes to groves
showing the best ¦ increase of
members during his term, of office. The
' prizes will be in the*nature of badges and
a banner. :
Grand Secretary Graves, who for some
time past has been very busy preparing
the. Journal of the recently held Grand
Grove, will distribute the same this week.
Manzanita Grove is fast becoming the
grove of professional men. It has .on its
roll of membership the names of several
of the local Judges, a number .of well
known attorneys and a goodly number of
physicians and doctors of dental surgery.
This grove will be. visited by the Past
Archs' Association on the night of the
25th inst. -
Owing to the Illness of Montcverde
Grove's noble arch, G. Fontana, Past
Grand Noble Arch James F. Martinoni
presided and conferred the second degree
on four eiiglbles. ¦
Galileo Grove at its last held meeting
conferred the third degree on two candi
dates for honors. The grove has appoint
ed a committee to arrange for an excur
sion to be held in May, 1902.
There was a lrirse attendance at the
meeting of the Past Archs' Association
last Sunday, and the principal topic dis
cussed was the resolution of the" Grand
Grove that the association "and others of
the same character in different parts of
the jurisdiction v/ould be of great advan
tage to the order. It- was decided that
the Grand Grove had acted wisely in
adopting the resolution. Past Arch Ada
mini, being present for the first time, gave,
an interesting account of Druidism in Oak
land and invited the association to pay it
a visit In the near future. President J. F.
Martinoni stated that as soon as the as 7
sceiation had completed its tour of visi
tations to the local groves it would visit
Oakland.. He also announced that the as
sociation will "visit Manzanita Grove on
the 25th.
Supreme Arch M. A. of St.
Paul, Minn., contemplates visiting Cali
fornia next spring.
Druidic Circles."
The proclamation issued by Grand Arch
Druidess Mrs. Sorensen is a most inter
esting document, up to date and full of
excellent suggestions. It is deemed so
good that a copy has been sent not only
to the circles but to the groves to take
hints.
El Dorado Circle at its last held meet
ing initiated two candidates. The follow
ing Saturday the^circle was called upon
to attend the funeral of Sister Flories,
the first death since the circle -was insti
tuted. The beautiful service adopted at
the recent session of the Grand Circle
was read for the first time.
Golden Gate Circle received .- five appli
cations at its last held meeting. Olympia
Circle gave a pleasing entertainment on
the 5th inst., which was well attended.
Cypress Circle has ordered a new set of
regalia for officers and members.
Supreme Arch Beckman has written for
a copy of the constitution of California's
Grand Circle to be used in the organiza
tion of a grand circle in the State of Min
nesota. -
The noble grand arch of Ohio in his re
port to the Grand Grove of that State
recommends the organizing ' of a grand
circle in that State, expressing the opin
ion that it would be for the welfare of
the order. The Grand Grove acted upon
the recommendation and appointed a com
mittee to organize such a body. •
A new . Druidic circle was instituted at
Los Angeles by Mrs. A. Sorensen. G. A.
D., last week with a membership of flfty
two. The circle is called Golden West.
1 Eastern Star.
At a meeting of Olive Branch Chapter
last Monday night the officers were at
their stations, as is U3ual in this chapter
and unusual in fraternal orders, on time.
From the semi-annual report of Mrs. Ber
the Machrett it appeared that the chap
ter is in a healthy financial , condition.
THE SA1ST FRANCISCO -CALL, - SUNDAY, JULY 14, 1901.
27
AMUS-RTVrENTS.
*TIYOtl*
"KIDS THAT CANT BE BEATEN."
MONDAY, Jnly 15, THIRD WEEK
The Jolly Midsummer Extravaganza,
IN ffsn 4
THE^
Book by FERRIS HARTMAN.
INDORSED BY EVERYBODY AS
A GREAT SHOW !
HFAP " wm °' th « Wl8 i>'"
111 - rmrv "Exhibit No. 1."
"Things That Cannot Be Explained." "Tjtvtng
Pictures." ""Object Matrimony." •"I*l»
of the Kangaroo." "Yidisha Coon."
Cf?p[ The Harvest Ballet— Ths BtusBinff
Costumes and Scenery.
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT
MONDAY, July 29th,
Grand Opera Season Opens.
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at S.
POPULAR PSICES f2S0 and lOo
Telephone— Bush 9.
UNION COURSING PARK
JOHN GRACE, Judge; JAS. F. GRACE, Slipper
TO-DAY,
Sunday - - - - July 14.
TWO fiREAfcODRSINfi
EVENTS!
AND Tv.-"..-.;v- T;
PUPPY
STAKES,!
136. ..NOMINATIONS,. .136
$1OOO TOTAffUfiSE $1000
t '. TRAIN SERVICE:
Leaves Third and Townsend streets 10:13 a.
m., 11 a. m., .12 m. and 1 p. m. ; Twenty-flftlx
and Valencia streets five minutes later, return-
ing at 4:45 p. m. and after the last course. Saa
Mateo cars every six minutes.
ADMISSION 25c. LADIES FREE.
BASEBALL!
RECREATION ' PARK, July . 14 and 15.
SUNDAY. 10:30 A. M. MONDAY. 3 P.M.
BOSTON BLOOMERS,
LADIES' CHAMPION BASEBALL CLUB. VS.
BUSHNELLS.
¦ Shapely Girls In Bloomers Bright, Making
Phenomenal Catches. • Sensational Plays aad
Darlnsr Slides, in an Interesting. Exciting and
Scientific . Game . of Baseball. General Admis-
sion 25c. " . • '¦'-¦•¦. -"*-*¦
S = 5^^HQTEL <^^
Connected -by ¦ a' covered' pas-
sageway and Operated Jointly
, under one management on ths
American and European plans.
1400 rooms: 900 with baths.
¦ L^^:HOT/EL.; : \^
WBiFCS^OOierYear;
BAILWAY TRAVEL.
lALliumuii ifUiilllnLdiciAA HI. lu
LESSEE
SAH FRANCISCO AriO NORTH PACIFIC
railway company.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St
San Francisco »..» San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00, 11:00. a. m.; 12:35.
3:20, 5:10, 6:30 l>. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:30
and 11:30 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
5:00. 6:20 p. m. ' . '-\
tsa;i Rakael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-6:10, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
2:40, 5:15 p. ni. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS- 8:10. S:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40, 3:40.
6:05, 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. |April 28. 1901-1 San Francisco.
: Week I Sun- j | Sun- I Week
Days. I days, f Destination. I days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
I ¦ - Fulton. '
7:30 am - Windsor. ; 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg. 10:40 am
Lytton.
Geyservllle. ,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale f 7:35 pmf 6:S0 pm
7:30 am 5:00 pml Hopland 110:40 ami 10:25 an
3:30 pm 8:00 amj and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 ami . i 110:40 am 10:25 am
| 8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm '
3:30 pm] 6:00 pm | 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma I 9:15 ami 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:0Q ami 110:40 am!10:25 am
• 3:S0 pm[ 5:00 pint Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
i Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Oeyeerville for SkaKKS Sprines: at Cloverdale
for the Geysers;- at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Sprints, Kelseyville, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakcport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witttr
Sprines, Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside, Lierley'a. Buckne'.l's,
Eanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle, Orr's Hot
Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Brajtg, West-
port. Usal. Wllllta, Laytonville. Cummins.
Bell's Sorlnes, Harris. Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka. ¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦ .. . -. ¦
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates..
Ticket Office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
Buildlns.
H. C. WHITING. 1 ~ R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. . Gen. Pass. Agt.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry .- Depot.
I Local I Llm'd I Ovrl'd I Local
Dally I * | Dally | Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton.. 10:lS a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p .
" Merced .. 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:13 a 9:11 p
•" Freeno .. 2:08 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
•• Hanford . 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a .'
". Vlsalla .. 8:40p ...:.... 4:48a ........
" Bakersfld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:3« a
V Kans. Cy 2:40 a 7:30 a
*' Chicago .. ...r 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning. . p for afternoon.
•9:00 a. m. train Js the California Llm-'
Hed, leaving. Monday and Thursday only,
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dlnlny
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
.to Bakersfleld ..for .. accommodation of- lo-
cal first-class passengers. • No second-class
tickets honored . on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday. ¦ : ¦ ¦¦-.
4:20 p.:xn. *. !• Stockton and Fresno . local.
Corresponding . train arrives at 12:30 "p. m.
daily. • V . . .. -.. -Ji .
8:00 p, m. Is the Overland Express, with
' through Palace j and Tourist j Sleepers, and I
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago:
also Palace - Sleeper, which cuts : out at
Fresno. Corresponding train arrives ¦ at
6:65 p. m.. daily. . -
7:20 a. m. Is . Bakersfleld Local. : stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. -Cor-
responding; train arrives at 8:40 a. ni. daily.
Offices — 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San. Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land. ' -?~>- v- < ¦' . ¦ *. . ¦¦' ¦>--¦¦-¦-.•¦,.,¦. , .
GREAT NORTHERN RAILWAY.*
COOL AND DUSTLESS.
T:,.^- Dally. Palace and .Tourist : Sleepers.
Dining Car, Meals, a la Carte. ¦<*••.!-,•» '- ? "
. * Library Observation Can.-
Reduced Round Trlr» ', Rates to Eastern Points.'
E. S. ; BLAIR, Gen. Agt.', 633; Market st."
AMUSEMENTS.
•Week Commenciner TO-DAT. SUNDAY, Mat-
- ¦ • inee. ¦ July 14. <
VAUDEVILLE IX ALL ITS MODERN RE-
FINEMENT.
ISjEnMENWuTMAnMT
SCOGNAMILLO,
The 'World's Famous 'Cellist.
Celebrated Euronean Acrobats.
mTLEomlLmiiS
Original Monologue and Singing Comedian.
;The XlD-to-Date Versatile Comedians.
America's ' Greatest Colored Comedian.
MARIE STUART & GO.,
America's Premier Farceurs.
'^PROSMjllPEr"
The Tumbling Kings.
¦Presentins New Views.
Enjragc'ment for One Week Only and Last
Vaudeville Appearance of
ETTA BUTLER, .
America's Greatest Mimic.
Parquet, 25 cents, any seat; Balcony, 10
cents: Children, 10 cents, any part except re-
served. A few front Orchestra • rows reserved.
50 cents. Front rows of Balcony, reserved, 25
' cente. . *
ART PRODUCTIONS. T.WENTY-FIYE
PARISIAN MODELS..
MATINEE TO-DAY-LAST NIGHT OF
"SECRET SERVICE"
Commencing MONDAY EVENING,
T. DANIEL FRAWLEY
Will Present Another Great Drama,
"THE WHITE HEATHER."
The cast will include Mary Van Buren, Kath-
erine Grey. E. J. Morgan, John Mason, Theo-
dore Roberts, and the first appearance of Har-
rington Reynolds this season.
SAME PRICES^ — — 10c. 13c, 25c. 50c, 75c
Good Orchestra Seats AH Matinee*. 23c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium
Fall of 1 Bastilal
FRENCH NATIONAL CELEBRATION.
SUNDAY, JULY 14, 1901.
ALL DAY! ALL NIGHT!
AT THE CHUTES.
¦ LITERARY EXERCISES. CONCERT,
FIREWORKS (Modern) at 9 P. H,
GRAND BALL EVENING.
ADMISSION. 25 cents: CHILDREN. 10 cents.
Literary Exercises .Afternoon. Begin at 1:30.
ELECTRIC CARS RUN ALL. NIGHT.
SUTRO BATHS.'
OPENNIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY - FROM ; 7 . A. ¦ M. ' TO 11 P. M.
Bathing from "a. m. to 10:30 p. m. -'-•
ADMISSION . Mta j| 1 1—: CHILDREN 6c
Bathing, Including admission, 23c; children 20c
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE.
'Ay-V**-"", 9 ;-.:...• Admission lOc.
CHARITY . : MARTIN, G. • S. . V/ANRELL. .
Pletro Buzzi, James J. -Mackey. Ointon Mont-.
Komery. ¦ the Keldey ' Sisters, Baby . Ruth and
Hinricha' Orchestra. ¦ - . •. . . - - ¦..- » -
• . Reserved - Seats, 25c. Matinee Sunday, -
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
'J mini Ivarr «rt. I nr« Uu« tm xrrlin ni
MAK Kit* IKt: I %««».
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
X.E&TS — From Jclt 14, 19CL — xrbivi
T:OOa B«iic;», Suisuu, Elmira and B«cra-
mentn... . M ,., ...••-.........• 6^3r
T:OOa V»c*Tilie, WlttsTB, Ramsey ?:33r
« :8o a Marline?., ttaii llamuu, Vaiiejo, 2iapa,
enlistees will 8auU Row fl:35r
ft :tw a Davis, Woo'.iiand. ICcigatt LindiEg,
Marj»fjlle. Uro»ille ?:.V1r
S:OOa AUkuti.: l< » press — Ogden and Eaat I2:SSr
»:«»«a Xiles, Ii%throp, Stockton <:24F
bivOANiles, Meudota, Htnford, XhiUi,
Porterrille 4rfl5p
SsSOa Shasta Express— Darts. Williams (for
Bartlett fcprircs). Willow*. Ked
Blufl. Portland. 7:S3r
*>"O* San .ioae. Liverraore, Mtockton,
Inne, Saorameuut. PlaecrTille,
M»ry«»Ule. Ofalco. UedUinff 4:33r
*i3OA Oakdale, Chinese (Yosemlte). So-
nora.Cart«n 4:C3p
»:O«a Hnj«Mrd, Kilcrsanu Way Station!.. • 1:3.1a
•sO<»a VaUejo l*:23r
»:0Oa Lot Angeles Express — Martinez.
Trtcj, Litlirop, .Stockton, Merced
Fresno aod Los Aneeles 7:23r
»:»» A Vali.-j,.. Martinez and IV ay Stattou* 7sSSr
lOiUUi The Orerlaud Limited— Oedeu. I>eD-
ver, Uiuaha. Chicago ..,. B:H5p
fl:OOp6acrammit«i:ifer8ie«ttien fS:O«»A
3:3«r Haj«r«rd, Mlm M d War HUtiom.. 7:3Sr
4i»ttr ileuicia. Winters. bacrain«uto.
UooUi.iid. Kulii'LU lAiidlug.
MarySTUii:, Ororlllc I O:35 a
4:«*r Kartiuex, 8au lUinon. VaUejo,
Kapa. OalistoRK. Santa Hoc* *:23l.
4«00t Kile*. IiTennore, Stockton. Lodl... 12:25r
4 1 SUr Hay ward, Mile*. San Jose, Llvtrmore 1H:SS*
4«aop Port Ooe».Tr«CT. Lathrop. Btictttm lodJi
S:**r Ttte Owl JJmlted— Freauo, Tuiare,
Bakersfield, Kaugns (or Sauta liar-
bara, Los Augelrs 8:S3a
3 HiOp Martin* t., Acticch, Etockton, Mer-
oed, Fresno 1 2:25p
ttt«M»p Tosemite 12j*3p
ft:3Wr Krw Orleanp K«pr<^« — Mendota,
Fresno, BakenteJd, Los Angeles,
Dcming, El Paso, New Orleaae
and Lsst 7:35a
e:*t«p Harvard, Xiles and feau Jose 7>33a
f*:OOp Valiejo I l>234
«iWir Oriental Mail— Ocden, Cheyenne.
Omaha, Chicmgo I2:25p
6i00r Oriental Mail— Ogrten, Decver,
Bt. Lou!*, Chicago 4:»5f
7:OOp Oreicnii aud California IC<|>reM,Hae-
rm.ieut... Mur]nvll!e, Itrddliifr.
l'cirtUii.1. I'm-et Hu.u.J and I net 8:53*
8t«9rSan Pablo, Port <:o»u, Martinez
md Vi»j fltatloui 11:25a
t*:03p Vallejo 7i5.tp
COAST LINE: (NxrroTT Ummgt,).
( Foot of M« rket Stroet.t
~ J7«43a Ssata Orcz Exrareioa to Basta Cruz "
and Principal Way Stations J8 :03 r
StISAKewark.OBiiturtille.rtanJose.Feitnn,
Boulder Creek, Kauta Oruz and Way
fciUtloun 5i3«F
t*il »p Xevark, Ceuterrille, Ban Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, lionlder Oreek,
Buite Cruz and Principal Waj
8UU011S I«:SOA
4tinp Kewark, Han .Kne. Lo« Gatos fRi»«A
««tiapGleawood.ltooIderCrcek,8aDtaCruz t»:»»A
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from Sif F&IBCISCQ-F001 cf Mirktt Street (Slip E)-
{7:15 »:00 11:00a. u. 1:93 3:00 6:15r.M.
rrcaOlfURt— risl •! Hims ««j._ t6:00 J«:00 tS:05
10.-O0A.M. 12:C9 2:S3 l:C3r.M.
COAST LINE (Itroad (iaiige).
(Third and Townseml Sts.) .
' «:I«A Sao Joeeand Way stations 5735a
47i*«a Ran Jon and Way Stations ItSUp
/7:«»«>A New Alioaden. / *:1OP
JT:UUa Sondsy Excursion for rUa Jrte.
Kant* Crnz. Pacific Grore and
PriDcipal Way Stations !S:30r
• ¦•Oa Hau Jute, Ilollister. Hmita Ctnr..
r«cii.c <;.-</•«, balinss. can Luis
Oblspo, Baste Barbara and Prin-
cip»! interiEedlate sutimit 7:8«>p
I 0:30a Ban Jrse and Way Stations 0:30p
Ht3«A Hail J<m« ami Way Htations 3>30p
«2tSftrSaii Matt-o. itedwiKxI. Menlo Park.
Patn Alto. Santa Clara, Han .luse,
Hol'ister. banta Omr, Salinas,
Momeirj and I'acllic OroTr |IO:43i
8:3«r tsn J.*p, Tres Finos. Suit* Crnz,
Padac Grore aud Way Stations 4:l«»p
t4:I8p Ran Joaean<l Principal Way Mtatious »i4*l
tS.-oor San Jour, I/os Oatos aud Priudpal
War KtatioDS fWtQOi
ft:»«p fian.lns<> anu Principal Way Rtations fc:36A
WiOOp Eedwo-xl. Nan Joan. Gilrcy. Salinas,
Santa lterbara, Los Aogelcs 1«:O3a
«:3Opf;at!.Ios«aud Way MtaUou« 1»:»»A
Tlli4ap Sati Jose mid Way Stations 7;3Op
A tot Uoruiuc P for Afternoon. 1
4 fitmrtav eicnpted. i bandar only.
« Saturday only. « Mondiy. - \
« Satcrdar «nl Sunday. / Tuesdays wid Fridsys
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
VU llnv"" r erry— r ewt of Market St. .
u»t ••« rn*M. amiivc a»« ruts.
ifstZl WEEK DAYS J ?%ZZ
K:00a. m.) f 12:15 P. U.
»«0 K. M. N 1:18 P. M. <
10.-00 a . K. 1 strrwrn a n 8i"5O P. M.
1130 A. M. f StJNDAYS « AJjQr.M.
ISO p. m. b-M r. m.
Z-Mir. U.J 7:10 P.M.
Pare. Saa rrmoef w *• Summit aa< Kcraro. U-*»
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St.. ft SansaUto Ferry.
Weak Men and Women
gHOULD USE DAMIAXA BITTERS. THE
v ercat Mexican remedy; gives health and.
(strength to esxyaj crga.is. Dtpot, 33 Market.
The places, the rates for
- the round trip and the
dates of sale are below.
The other details can be
had of the Santa Fe
Agents.
BUFFALO, $87.00
Aug. 22 and 23;
Sept. 5 and 6.
MILWAUKEE, $74.50 -
July 17 and 18.
'CHICAGO; $72.50 •
July 20 and 21.
LOUISVILLE, $77.50
August 20 and 21.
CLEVELAND, $82.50
Sept. 5 and 6.
THE COMFORTABLE WAY IS
641 Market Street.
SORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Farry.
'Commencing April 28, 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— G:55. 8:30. *9:30, 11:00 a- m.,
12:45, *1:45. 3:15. 4:15. 5:15, *6:15, 6:45 p. m. -
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. *3:00. *10:00, 11:00. 11:30
a. m.. 12:45. "1:30. 2:30, *3:45, 5:00, 6:00, 7:30
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — *5:2S. 6:27. 7:47. 8:35. 10:15
a. in.. *12:25. 1:15. 2:20, *3:35, 4:40, 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TK1FS . on Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS-«:15, »S:00. 8:45. '11:00 «. m., •»
m.. 1:00. 2:15. *Z:30. 4:30. *6:ii, «:45, 7:30. 10:10
p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Querttln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45, 6:45, 7:55, 8:55, 10:30
a. m.. 12:35, 1:45; 2:45. 3:50. 6:10. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
at,'] Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 o. m.
SUNOAYS— 6:33. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.. 12:15
1:20. 2:30, 3:45. 5:00. 6:15, 7:15, 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:53 a. m. week days— Caradero and way sta-
tions. ¦ • . ¦/.
3:15*p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.'
6:13 r. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales end way stations.
6 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations.
30 a. m. . Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations. ; .
&C0,>SV
& J
MARKET 'sLsH^Sr ,
SE. Comer Geary and Stoctton Streets, San Franoisso.
UNION SQUARE.
SEND ORDERS BY MAIL OR EXPRESS,
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
9 ¦; ' - ¦¦-¦¦ - - * * :'':. ' • . ¦ "' .' '/¦'^"¦¦¦'x'-'"''-''!;*
I llSii BBr'ii IIA 1 r I
{ CLOAK and SUIT HOUSEj
\jULY BARGAINS, \
9 PREPARING FOR FALL. &
g New Garments Applying Daily. j
J AH oup latest Spring and Summer Tailor •
e Suits, Jackets and Skipts S
I NOW ON SALE \
9 AT LESS THAN HALF FORMER PRICES. %
• . '. J .".¦.¦ ¦¦ ' ' ¦ ¦ °
• $20.00 FANCY TRIMMED ETON SUITS reduced to $9.95 %
J $25.00 NOVELTY TAILOR SUITS cut to.. $12.95 •
5 . $30.00 HIGH GRADE TAILOR SUITS now on sale at $14.95 •
O 04 ODD TAILOR SUITS, to close out at '.. o
9 $3.95, $4.95, $6.45 and $8.95 0
f $10.00 SILK ETON JACKETS, to close out, at $4.95 J
S $15.00, $17.50 and $20.00 TAFFETA SILK and PEAU DE SOIE ©
© ETON JACKETS, elegant, silk lined, to close out $8.95 ©
• $12.50 RAGLANS, cut to........ $6.95 9
S $10.00 TAN AND BLACK AUTO BOX COATS, reduced to.... $6.45 J
• 108 ODD JACKETS, TO CLOSE OUT at 25c on the dollar at 9
9 .95c, $1.25, $1.95, $2.45 and $2.95 9
9. $2.50 TRAMPING SKIRTS, neatly stitched, cut to. »5c •
S $5.00 SATIN TRIMMED WORSTED SKIRTS, cut to ...$2.45 J
9 $7.50 FANCY TRIMMED VENETIAN SKIRTS are now $3.95 *
• $12.50 SILK DRESS SKIRTS cut to $7.OS •
© $5.00 FANCY TRIMMED PIQUE SUITS, to close out, at $1.95 J
9 "^50 AMISILK PETTICOATS, with silk moreen accordion flounces! ©
g cut to 95c «»
a $1.00 PIQUE SKIRTS will be closed out at 45c g
• $2.00 FANCY TRIMMED PIQUE SKIRTS, cut to. 75c o
'• 75c and $1.00 PERCALE SHIRT WAISTS, cut to .25c •
S ?i.35 and $1.50 SHIRT WAISTS, to close out, at ....45c •
• CHILDREN'S and MISSES' Box Coats and Raglans. . . .$2.75 to $20 *
• ~^^^^^^~-~ •
I 1230, 1232, 1234 MARKET STREET. |
9 ' •
AMUSEMENTS.
"WEEK BEGINNING TO-MORROW NIGHT.
Farewell to Frisco ! g * np
Farewell to Frisco ! La J\ O 1
Farewell to Frisco ! WEEK OF
LAPT SIX NIGHTS! CHAHLEa FROHMAN'S
LAST SIX NIGHTS! TR*MRND0U« Prodnotion
LAST SIX NIGHTS! 5 Acts! 9 Scenes!
Good-by Mat. Next Sat. 10O Peoplel
Good-by Mat: Next Sat. By Arrangement With
Good-by Mat. Next Sat. DAVID BELASCO
Positively Last r erforn»icePaul M. Potter's Play
Positively L»it Performance on Ouida's Great
Positively Last Performance Novel,
Nxt Sat Ngt, July 20 — T - - -,. r«-ffv
Nxt Sat Ngt. July 20 I IVI I 3 C 1 1
Nxt Sat Ngt. July;!0 § VllrBf
ADIEU TO Llill/LflV
-BLANCHE BATES! **%
ADIEU TO
BLANCHE BATESl rT . rc
let Find App earanci Her* til A |¥
Her Fict' Appearance Here J. Mjt\\£kJ
Her Final Arpetranee Herj
SPECIAL!
AN IBSEN MATINEE
WITH MI>S BATES
By Overwhelming Request of the Many Hun-
dreds of the Patrons of This Theater.
FRIDAY AFTERNOON, July 19, at 2:30.
And for This Occasion Only,
M SS BLANCHE BATES
"Will Appear In Her 'Favorite Characterization
..of. the Heroine of Henrik Ibsen's
Famous Play,
HEDDA UABLER
As Originally Staged by Mr. David Belaseo. i
Miss Bates Will Be Supported by a Picked Cast
From the "Under Two Flairs" COmDany
by Permission of II R. CHARLES
FROHMAN.
BOX »nd SEAT SALE MONDAY MORNING
Regular Matinee Prices.
MONDAY, JULY 22.
The representative Irish comedian,
MR. CHAUNCEY
PLCOTT,
"THE SWEETEST SINGER ON v THE
-15 ' STAGE,"
In • the new comedy,
"GARRBTT O'MAGH."
Written by AUGUSTUS PITOU, Manager.
The play will be .presented here with the
great ca.st. all of the magnificent scenery and
grand effects that characterized Mr. .Olcott's
Ions and successful' engagement of five months
in New York.
. Hear OLCOTT'S NEW SONGS.
SEATS READY THURSDAT,
Ryh eat r if^4X
TO-NIGHT AND ALL NEXT WEEK,
Positively the Last of
FLORENCE ROBERTS
AS LADY TEAZLE, Supported by White
Whlttlesey, In ,
"THE SCHOOL
FOB SCANDAL."
Next-"THE COUNTRY GIRL."
- Seats on Sale Six Days In Advance.
aElASCO*»oTffA£i:Sy: p tf\F?
( .;^K5t»* .V mmtcnriuu
MATINEE TO-DAY, 10c. 15c, 25c.
TO-NIGHT ' LAST TIME
of Wiillanv Gillette's Great War Drama,
HELD ])y the ENEMY
JAMES M. BROPHY and a superb cast.
'PDff'lik Evenlniys... .IOC 13c, 25c. 35o, EOo
ifllWLJ Matinees............... 10c, 15c. 23o
To-morrow (Monday) Evening— Mammoth Spec-
' . . ¦ tacular Production of
MICHAEL STROGOFF
. JAMES M. BROPHY ' and a great cast.
OLYMPlA£Si&ti6*
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE HOUSE IN
'. . THE CITY. ; .' ' . )
THE TWO^AMONTS,
Marvelous Society and Novelty Acrobatic Duo.
LESTER^REEVES,
* • The Eminent . Bary ton*. ••> i. -
IONE
In Poses Plastlques.
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK (COMPANY.
- AMATEUR NIGHT, EVERY. FRIDAY. .'- '.
> .'-.^MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.'
; i ADMISSION '. . . .>. . .„ . . /. . . FREE
To enliven Petticoat Trade and make room for rew arrivals.
SILK PETTICOATS!
...CLEAN AND NEAT...
STRIKING BARGAINS!
Twenty Changed from....
Styles $20.00
Ladies' to
Petticoats
Dry Goods' Company.
ADVESTISEMENTS.
ADVERTXSEMENTS.
EA2XWAT TEAVEL.
1 f&M vffii±\ ou ave mac^ e U P 5 T ° ur mind to i
1 jfirr ' east ' s to as ' c t^ lc nearest u
1 jd^^ M^Bl Southern Pacific ticket-agent for a
1 c^^f w « a er descriptive of the m
W !J Burlington I
|pip| Overland I
ife.^m ° Excursions I
8 w^^^^I^^^^^Sl^ t contains J ust the informa- P
tion you need — time-tables; a i
Wyy r^ \iZJ22i2J J map; illustrations of Burlington 1
E / tourist sleeping cars, and a de- 0
| / scription of the scenery en route. 1
fc ' / From Los Angreles Mondays and B
H / 5 j?j'!trVi" r Til Wednesdays; San Francisco Tues- Gy
fc I / JjJffij]j|iHHjjj days and Thuridays— Omaha, Chi- H
Q | yEffir&kjS? c ??°- Kansas City, St. Louis — B
J^^*^W&?^E^^^^^E±^f lywl intitrv*^?! LV t*R \ W xit-RE east. 3
1/j" '/ *3i Market street, San Francisco. 6 HTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY^ JULY 14, 1901.
28
SAW FRAK CISCO CAJLL.
BUSINESS OmCK of Tb« San Francisco ¦
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
onUl _! o'clock every night in the year. 3
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery etreet, p
eorner Clay; open until 8:30 p. vn.
SOO Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. nw -
€15 Larkin Etreet: open until 9:80 p. m. ¦
1*41 Mission ttreet; open until 10 V- jax. .
£281 Market etreet. corner Sixteenth: open -
tmUl * p. xn. _
106 Eleventh etreet; open until » P- m-
106S Valencia street: open until » p. m. t
Northwert corner Twenty-second and K.e_-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Killmore street; open until » p. m. ¦_
CHURCH SERVICES. '
CALVARY and St. John's Presbyterian
Church.- worship together, corner of Call- .
fonu- and Octavia Bts.— Rev. John Hemphill.
D D.. will preach morning and evening at
11 and 7:46 oV.ock. Evening topic, 'The New .
gong." Sabbath school and Mr. Johnston s ;
Bible daes at 12:30. Christian Endeavor. 6=*0.
•Wednesday evening service, 8 o dock. All .
are cordi— Uy Invited. «
FIRST Congregational Church, comer Post and '
Mason sts— Rev. George C. Adams. D.D., Pas- j
tor. Sen-Ices at 11 a. in and 7:45 p. m. Rev.
Andrew M. Brodie. D.D. of Xu****" 1 **;* j
will preach at both services. All are cor- '
clally Invited. ' .
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church, Mis- '
sion s_ t between Sixth and Seventh-Rev. Dr.
James Vt. Buckley, editor New York Chris- !
U_o Advocate, will preach at 11 o'cloclc and
at? -45 Rev Dr. S. D. Hutfdnpiller. the pas-
tor. will preach on the topic. "The Coming j
Kingdom." Good music Seats free and . th «
people welcome. Sunday school at 12:4». .
Young People's meeting at 6:K>.
XTNITARIAN Churcli (First), southwest corner \
Geary a_d Franklin sts.— Rev. Bradford Leav- .
ltt minister; Rev. Dr. Stebbins. minister
emeritus ; Charles A. Mnrdock, superinten-
dent of Sunday school. The Sunday school
Is at 10 o'clock- The momlng service is at 11
o'clock. There will be no eervioes in July.
TRINITY Cb-rch. corner Bush and Gough sts.
-R.T. Frederick W. Clampett, D.D.. rector.
Holy communion. 7:80 and 11 a. m. Morning
eei-lee. 11 o'clock- Evening prayer. 4 o dock. «
Krld-y'Bervioe for army and navy at 11a.m.
Special musical service July 28. 1301. at c4»
P. n.
_3_M_J~-_L Baptist Ch_rc_. Bartlett St.. near
Twenty-third— Rev. J. George Gibson^ pastor.
Ssrvlcee, morning. XL '¦Enjoying God 6 Bless- ;
lnrs." Pastor's solo, "While Jesus Calls
raosc-e). Evcni-s. ":i5, "Compel Them to
Come In." Pastore sola, "O Grant Ls
Light" (M_Uer). Tenor solo. Mr. J. Dozler.
"A-e Maria." (Ma-cagnl).
AT the Welsh Church. 11» Mission St.. be-
tween Sevtnth and Eight-, the Rev. R. E.
Williams of Minneapolis \rill preach to-day ;
la Enrllsh at 11 a. m. sharp, and in Welsh
at 7:90 p m. Rev. Mr. Williams ls here for
a short stay. Take advantage of tie oppor-
tunity to -ear one of the leading Welsh
preachers. All are cordially Invited. Bring •
your frienflg.
BBVENTH Day Adventist Church. 814 Lagnna
et. between 'McAllister st. and Golden Gate •
avi.— Pre-cbingr thU evening at 7:30 .o'clock
toy Elder W. S. Sadler. Subject. "Divine
He_U_g." All are cordially invited to attend.
Seats free.
HOKB of Truth (Practical Christianity). 1231
Pine Bt. near Hyde— Sunday services, 11 a .
m. 7:45 p. m. -Weekly meetings. Monday, 8
p. m. Tuesday. S p. m. All are welcome. | ¦
FIRST Church of Christ Scientist. Central
block. -3 Sutter et.. between Kearny st. and
Grant ave.— Christian Science Bible lesson at
11 a. r __s subject. "Life": Sunday school for ;
children at the earne hour: Wednesday even- ;
Ing meeting at 8 o'clock. Free reading-room,
236 Kearny st-. room S10. All are welcome.
REORGANIZED Church of Jesus Chris^DruM
Temple Folsom and Fourteenth rts.— Pi—ach-
inir at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. rn. Sunday school. ¦
9-45 a m This church claims divine author- i
ity to preach the restored gospel of Jesus
Christ as a eign of his second coming in the
"dispensation of the fullness of times. To
restore all things lost by gin. j .
THE First Mental Science Temple meets every I
•Sunday morning at 11 o'clock sharp In Golden j
Gate Hall. €25 SuUer st.-Publlc ever wel- j
come. This morning Mr. J. Adam* Rollins ;
will lecture on "The Positive Individual." .
8e_t« free. Collection will be taken.
I F S BIBLE Spiritual Society and Church, ! ;
¦909 Market; 11. free; 2-8. 10c; Kate Heuss- | ¦
man. Seeley. Nllson and others.
MEETINGS— SCXD AY.
AA— DR. J- DEPEW KERGAN will lecture
this evenlne at Crystal Hall. Pythian Cas
tie. 909 Market Et. Subject, "Success, to be
followed by magnificent views of a tour
"Among the Clouds." Those attending may
procure free tickets to the X-ray exhibition
at the Sanitarium next Tuesday evening.
Seats free; no collection.
COME and see'C. V. Millers wonderful seances:
Sun.. Tues.. IFri.. S p. m.. EOc; you can speak
1 to your spirit friends face to face and recog- \
nize them; _lve names; has received medals 1
from many countries: taken last world's j
record medal at Paris Fair. 1084 Bush; tel.
«27S Larkin et. j
GRAND spiritual test meeting, 909 Market B_:,.J 3
11 free- 2-8 p. m., 10c; rear hall. Mr. swan,
Willson, Mads, Maxwell, Maude Lord Drake,
Wrenn Etoddard, Kotter._
DR j L. YORK will speak to-night In Ocd- j
dental Hall. 305 Larkin tt., on "Mental or .
Christian Science, Which T" i ,
MRS STODDARD'S convincing tests. 10c; cir- ;
cles Sundays. Tuesdays; developing circle j
Friday. 278 Ninth ft. j
Arnold Dlckson, materializing seance' to-night; j
farewell; £5c; readings and spirit photos to- j
day. 14S Sixth st.
MRS -WINCHESTER. 1610 Clay St., near Lar-
Ida— Circles to-night and Wednesday, 8; Tues-
day. 2 p. m. ¦
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit re-
turn to-night. 605 McAllister St.; 10c; come, ]
skeptics. I j
KATIE HBUSSMANN'S test circle Friday ;
eve.. 25c; sittings daily. 136 West Mission. 1
MRS. GIELINGHAM'S spiritual meeting, 8:15 ,
p. m.; bring sealed questions. 305 Larkin st. )
"W G. KEEOAN holds spiritual meeting every :
night exceot Sat. ; 10c. 148 Sixth et.. 2d floor.
JOHN SLATER will hold circle. 25c. to-night, |
8:15 sharp. 1809 Stockton eU. nr. Greenwich. |
MRS. EBERHARDT'S Fpirltual test meetings. I
3250 22d. bet. Mission & Valencia; 8 p. m. 10c. :
EDWARD EARLE'S wonderful and convinc- j
ing test eeance to-night. 328 Ellis st
MRS. VIGARS' test meeting to-night. 10c; sit- 1
tings daily. 148 Sixth St., room 32. j
FREE lecture on palmistry with free readings !
at 8 this evening. 423 Ellia st. !
MEETINGS Universal Brotherhood, j
INTERNATIONAL Brotherhood League, Hu-
manitarian Department of IJniversal Brother-
bood Organization.— Meeting Tuesday, July .
July 1«, 8 p. m.. at U. B. Hall. 310 O'Farrell
et.: subject, "What Does Life Mean?" Mu-
sical selections; all invited; meeting to-night
for roemberi only. ,
MEETIXG NOTICES.
TERBA BUEXA Lodge No. 15. I.
O. O. F. — Members are requpst^d ¦§jV"2s>!<C
to assemble In the lodge room -%5*5©^
SUNDAY at 1 o'clock sharp for "*»*
the p— rpoee of attending the funeral of our
late brother. JOHN GRANT LIEBERT.
THOS. C. MARTIN, N. G.
3. 3. DE HAVEN, Rec. Sec.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, I. O. ..«*«»_&.
O. F.— Members rflease attend fe'/'gsSfe
meeting MONDAY EVE, July 1_
Installation of officers. Visitors
welcome. O. W. DAHLSON, N. G.
EXCELSIOR Loose No. 310. I. O. \s_-w_wi*
0 F.— Installation of officers
MONDAT EVENING, July IB.
Brothers cordially invited. '"""
T. C NIXON, N. G.
S. SCOTT, R. S.
JR. O. tT. A. M., Abraham "fr^BlTtf 1
Lincoln Council No. J. meets a __V » !
ever>- THURSDAY EVENING, &/TlVa '
In S~.-en Pines Hall, Alcazar tLNrS^yJ
buildlag, 120 O'Farrell et.
THE annual meeting of the San FtanciEco So-
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Anl-
mala will be held in the Parrott building on
MONDAY. July 16, 1901, at 4 o'clock p. m..
¦when a board of trustees will be elected.
C B. HOLBROOK. Secretary.
AGESTS WANTED.
I HON. THOMAS BRACKETT REED'S "Mod-
ern Eloquence." The second edition goes ta
press Aug. 2; if you are a bookman there Is
a great chance for you on the sale of the j
balarce of the first edition; plenty of terri-
tory open; it's the greatest work ever pub-
liphfrt. Call room gl. Flood bldg.
WE want agents to sell a complete course In
hypnotism and magnetic healing; e\-ery doc-
tor, lawyer, clerk, dergyman, drummer,
agent or business man will buy one; on re-
c-elpt of 35c in Etamps we will mall you a
•sample. PROF. FOOT CO., 337 Banchet st,
Los Angeles. CaL
A GOOD live agent wanted In every town in
this State to sell a new article that every-
body needs; a wonderful new invention; no
co-npetttlon; $2 50 to $5 per day guaranteed
a good steady worker. MAY & GERBEK,
€38 Market nt. . , . t
AGENTS— Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to veil than books or Insur-
* ance? Afl. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
SCALP and face massage agents. MADAM
RUGG, 1153 Market et.. between 7th and Sth.
AGENTS can make 52 to |S per day. Call at
1 Taylor »C . . ¦ •¦
ASPHALTUM ROOFING. _'¦«_.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postal. 1138 Mission; tel. Folsom 1607.
LNFANTS adopted Into good homes. MRS.
DR. FUNKE. 1416 Eighth St.. Alaroeda.
ASTROLOGY.
_ME. CARLSON, celebrated astrologist: horos-
copes cast; lessons; 4 to 6 p. m. 148 Sixth, r. 22.
ATTORNEYS' AT v LAW.
ADVICE free; divorces, private; bankruptcy;
collections; damages; attachments; mort-
gages; bills of sale; partnerships; deeds;
wills drawn; fees low; open evenings.
THURSTON, 1008% Market St.. r. 4. opp. oth.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. S50 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket et.: consultation free: no fees In advance.
BOjUtDIJiG FOR c ?, I k"^^V J^
A. GOOD home for 2 children; furnished room
for parent- 246 Clementina st.
LADY would like small children to board; good
home and care. 3218 Sixteenth st. ¦ ¦- ¦¦
2 OR 3 children to board, week or month: best
careiEunny yard :nr.school reasonable. 1607 Cal.
BOOKS NEW ASD OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red 2956.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-7O6-7OS Mission st.
BCSIl— SS CHASCES.
£4000— GENERAL merchandise store 'and saloon,
groceries, hay, grain, hardware, horses and
wagons; established for over 13 years; right
In Oakland; owner retiring on account of sick-
ness; doing about U00 per day; investigate at
GEO. W. AUSTIN & C,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
fl&OO— ESTABLISHED grocery and butcher
shop, with etcre fixtures; flat above, and sta-
ble, well and pump; gore lot; cost £500;
streets complete; fine location In North Oak-
land* Insured for J1500; easy terms if desired.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
YOU can secure a good, safe business and full
value for your money in cigar stores, groce-
ries, saloons, hotels, confectioneries, partner-
chips, branch bakeries, restaurants, butcher
t<hops road houses, delicatessens, livery sta-
bles. Name your business and I will suit you.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
817 Market st., opp. Mason; phone Mint 191L
YOU can be suited in any kind of business by
calling at offlce.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD, 917 Market St.. near
Flftb- Phone Mint 1S1L
DRUG store, downtown; fine location; big
money-maker; legitimate reason for selling.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. S3S Market st.
100 CIGAR stands, 200 candy stores. 300 gro-
ceries and bars, 400 saloons, 500 bakeries, 609
stores of all kinds; hundreds of businesses to
choose from: call in and see what we can
offer. WALTER HAYES & CO., 838 Market.
A — WE buy sell or exchange any kind of busl-
ness. GUS STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny < St.
A— $250; CANDY and variety store, 5 rooms,
furnished: offer wanted; call Sunday and
Monday at 2706 Mission st. STRAND & CO.,
209 Kearny st. ;
J1250— CREAMERY business; all stock, fixtures,
machinery, cash register, etc. ; thoroughly es-
tablished; receipts daily $70 to $S0; situated on
Mkt., where thousands are continually pass-
ing: chance never before offered: value In
sight; Invpt. at once. Fischer & Co.. 935 Mkt.
$125— FRUIT store; bargain this day. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777V& Market Et.
1300— CORNER saloon; bargain this day. In-
quire MCLAUGHLIN & gO.. 777V& Market st.
WANTED— An honest and sober partner with
J3000 In an optical business; must either be
an optician or be able to attend to corre-
sponding, etc.: cash receipts about $1500 to
J20C0 per month. Address GEORGE MAY-
E1J.LE. German Expert Optician, 1071% Mar-
ket Efreet. San Francisco.
FOR sale or exchange— For city or country real
estate, within 100 miles of city, a first-class
corner saloon, established for years; only two
blocks from Market St.; elegant fixtures, large
nock; lease and reasonable rent; good reasons
for selling; no agents. Box 4392, Call office.
$50 WILL buy good paying business for young
or middle-aced man: 818 to *25 a week can
easily be made. Call Monday, room 14, 12
Eddy £t.
BAKERY, notion and candy Etore for sale at
a bargain irom $80 up. Apply at 2239 Mis-
sion st.. notion store, between 1 and 3, 7
and 8 p. m.
PAINT shop; must b» sold on account of sick-
ness; has steady trade; clears $1000 per year.
Call at 22 Verona st., off Third, between Fol-
som and Harrison.
FOR sale— One of the best patents ever brought
into the State. Call early and investigate.
WARD _ MOSE-EY, 20 O'Farrell st.
FOR sale— Clears, confectionery, store and
fixtures, ice cream stand; $150. M. C. COF-
FEE, Petaluma.
CIGAR stores— Having three of them, I will
sell one or two. AUG. H. AUBIN, 1 Grant |
ave.: no agents.
AN opportunity — Cash grocery: Seventh St.,
opp new P. O. W. F. HARRIS, 92 Nlnlli St.
CHOICE corner saloon; good location; paying
business. Apply NE. cor. Folsom and 7th.
JSO&— WELL-ESTABLISHED delicacy store;
neatest place across the bay. Box 3981, Call.
JOB PRINTERS— Good business and plant,
cheap; about J1000. Box 2271, Call, Oakland.
¦WELL stocked fruit and chicken ranch near
Oakland; bargain. Box 2272. Call, Oakland.
WANTED— Energetic, ambitious woman for
good business opening. Box 3999, Call offlce.
LODGING and boarding-house, 28 rooms, $275
cash: sickness. Miss Jones, 1G0SV& Market, r. 4.
J35 DOWN will put upright man In splendid
manufacturing enterprise. Box 33S3, Call.
WHO wants to Join Eastern parties in a part-
nership? 1008»4 Market et., room 4. *
FOR SALE — Grocery and bar. 1322 Natoma St..
between Fourteenth and Fifteenth.
FOR sale— Merchant tailoring establishment.
701 Geary st-
BRANCH bakery and variety store; a bargain.
P21 Howard st. ; no agents.
MINER; working partner; quartz and placer.
Room 35, 192S Market st.
BOOTBLACK stand for sale, with 1 chair, $5.
216 Sixth st. barber shop.
MILLINERY store for sale in the thriving
town of Salinas; about 4000 Inhabitants;
Fplendid location: rent reasonable: will be
sold at a bargain. For particulars address
box 218, Salinas. Cal.
5750— RESTAURANT in factory district; bar-
g-aln on account of departure to Europe. Box
4455 Call office.
WHOLE or half interest In real estate offlce,
with large lists of business. 759 Market st.
GOOD opening for barber shop and baths " In
hotel; also tailor. 718 Valencia st. "
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subpcrlption3
recei\ed at Call branch offlce, 2200 FUImore Bt.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
H. C DECKER^ ilWO^M^ark^tT^P^rFifuTEt!
14 rooms $600
18 rooms on one floor — $9C0
27 rooms, 17 furnished $600
S-room flat .'......$400
70-room hotel, country town $3000
S5-room boarding-houee $75C0
10 rooms, muf-t sell $500
21 rooms, fine corner, clears $2C0 $1500
6-room flat, downtown (transient) $300
16 rooms on Mission st $600
23-room house, clears $200...' ;...$2100
16-ROOM HOUSE
New, fine furniture
Clears $150
Price 11400
666 other bargalm: from £50 to $10,000. -
H. C. DECKER,
1C20 Market St., opposite Fifth.
A. CAMERON & CO.. ~~ :,
850 Market et. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 2! and 23. Phone Bush 32S.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have. cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
62 rms.; rent $135; good fur., carpets $3250
46 rms.; rent $150; perm., transient 240O
33 rms.; rent $150; Market; mortgage $800... 2000
16 rms.; rent $50; perm, and transient..... 700
MONEY loaned on deferred payments; 1% p. c.
12 rms. ; rent $65, pri. board; good fur $1000
10 rms.; rent $52 50; fur. carpts & loc good. 400
6 rms.; rent J25; new hardwood fur 375
Over 600 houses listed. Call before buying.
ATTENTION, BUYERS! j
You may buy any rooming-house In
the city, and | pay for it
In monthly payments
from the profits .. ;
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. . 850 Market.
OWNERS of good lodging-houses— Notice; I
have buyers for any good house that ls offered
at reasonable price." To sell your house quick
list same with me' Send me a postal or call
me by phone— Mint 191L Same will command
Immediate attention.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
- ; 917 Market St., opposite Mason.
A WELCOME to all Epworth Leaguers. ,
MARION GRIFFIN. •
719 Market st:, by Call Bldg.; tel. Black 1803;
restaurants, delicatessens, Etores of all kinds;
£22 lodging houses. • Call at offlce for list.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE— Con.
WINSTON & WOLF. ¦ *
¦ • . 1028 Market St. .
Telephone Jessie 2211.
7 rooms; new flat; rent $25; corner.. $165
17 rooms; rent $50; clears $50; time........ 850
26 rooms; good corner; part cash 'J2SS1
42 rooms; rent $105; payments 1700
55 rooms; rent $100; paying house..... 2100
FISHER & CO., 935 Market; phone Folsom 1343.
75 rooms; price.... $5000 1 42 rooms; price.... $3300
26 rooms; price 1900J 30 rooms; price 2230
14 rooms; handsome; rent only $60; prlce..$750
22 rooms; elegant; rent only $60; price.... 1500
We have over 300 more, any location, kind
or price, at bargains , and hurried sales. :.
THE largest and - best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at offlce of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD, .;
' No. 917 Market st. (near Fifth . St.).
Phone Mint 1911. /
A — WANTED at once, tenants for new rooming
house; 50 to 100 rooms. A, M. SPECK & CO.,
667 Market Et. : ¦ .¦-¦¦¦
SrmiTUALISMj^^^
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known ' tranca
medium, is permanently located at 1206 "Mar-
• ket Bt., corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guaran-
\ teed by mail: send stamp for pamphlet w:th
special terms. Daily and Sunday.
______________
Trance, business medium; life reader; exam-
ines ore; oil' locations; medical clairvoyant:
treats, cures sick: cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell, nr. Gougrh: Ellis-
et. car; sit., $1; letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 2461:
RESUMED business— MRS. DR. FARNHAM.
the world-renowned spiritual medium: advice-
in all affairs of life: lawsuits, divorces,
deaths: unites the separated: mining a spe-
cialty; circles Sun., Wed., Frl. eve.; letters
answered. Residence (no signs). 38 McAllister.
CHAS. BROCKWAY has returned and ' will
give one of his proof positive test seances to-
night; admission 25c; developing class Tues-
day. 8 p. m. ; private readings dally. 299
Hyde Bt., corner Edrty.
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak: cir. Tues., Fri.. 5
p. m.; Wed.. 2:30 p. m.; 10c; meet, daily, ROc.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
/ Meyer; sittings dally; teBt to all to-night, 10c.
EDWARD EARLE. 323 Ellis— Reading dally;
I seance Sun.. Tues. and Thurs. Tel. Polk 1601.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ALWAYS CONSULT THE BEST.
MRS. DR. CLARK, •
The well-known trance medium, 1206 Market st .
' Are you in trouble?
Bad health, business worry, family difficulties,
legal complications or under evil Influences?
Mrs. Clark will help you. She deals wlih life
and its practical bearings, and many are they
who rise to call her name "blessed." Her enor-
mous, and varied experience for years of study
and travel, and above all her marvelous power
of knowing all things at a glance, make her
advice invaluable. The most complicated dis-
ease, business entanglement or domestic diffi-
culty Is Instantly perceived and the retnedy
suggrested. There is no case too difficult for her
to handle, as thousands can testify.
_____ #
Life in all Its various phases she has made
her one study.
The cause of failure, the road to success, de-
nominate conditions, and rise above all evils of
whatever kind she has mastered.
No man or woman need remain under the
cloud. There ls always a way out. She will
discover it and help you. :
READ HER CIRCULAR.
Sent free on application with 2-cent stamp,
and learn more about the laws of life and her
own riecullar and wonderful powers than you
have ever known.
SHE GIVES ADVICE ON BUSINESS,
Speculation, stocks,. Investments, law, etc. She
will tell you what trade, business or profession
you are adapted for. Tells you when and whom
you will marry and how to make It a peaceable
and happy union. Has your lover deceived you?
Or are you in trouble? You can be aided and
all can be made right. Family love and. In
fact, all domestic troubles of public or private
nature can be made right and kept right after
a visit to this inspired medium of modern times.
Removes evil Influences.
She never falls to unite the
Separated by proper advice.
LEARN THE SECRET POWER TO CONTROL
Have you ever noticed how some people are
lucky, happy and prosperous In life, while oth-
ers merely exist and are just as miserably un-
happy? Why is this? Can you anwser? Ask
her and she will tell you why. Mrs. Clark has
devoted ten years of her life to the study of
clairvoyance.
Mrs. Clark Mas been located In this city for
several years and ls not compelled to seek
other localities.
SHE HAS STOOD THE TEST AND IS HERE
TO STAY. .
Call and test the doctor to your heart's con-
tent, and you will depart thoroughly satisfied
that there is at least one reliable medium and
clairvoyant now In your midst. Nothing in life
Is too obscure for Mrs. Clark to reveal.
If you have lost faith and given up In despair
because of former failure, take courage now
and call on Mrs. Dr. Clark without delay. Con-
viction will be sure and happiness and success
will follow.
ALWAYS CONSULT THE BEST.
Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by mall. Send
stamp for circular and special terms. All busi-
ness sacred and confidential. Sickness, losses,
deaths, etc., will be omitted from your reading
at your request; otherwise everything, good
and bad, will be given.
MRS. DR. F- CLARK.
1206 Market St., corner Golden Gate ave.
Parlors 25 and 25; take elevator. Offlce Hours —
10 a. m. to 5 p. m. dally.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st., next Examiner bid* Sh«
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
i ture. If. you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
2Sc up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
A— LINCOLN — CLAIRVOYANT AND
HIGH PSYCHIST
' He tells your name, condition, desire, hopes,
etc., without asking a single question; cures
diseases without medicine; shows you how to
avoid bad luck and hew to make yourself
lucky: reunites the separated: makes harmony
in your home: gives: accurate advice on all
business affairs; investments.minlng.oil; read-
Ings by mall; send stamp for terms. 125 Turk.
WHY. If some people only knew that they could
be benefited by my wonderful occult powerF,
what a chanjre It would make in their lives;
it would be brighter and happier and better
in every way; consult the genuine and she
will guide you right. MRS. DR. VALIEN.
1523VJ Market 'st. '
KNOW YOUR FUTURE. -
REMOVED— MME. MONTAGUE, eminent
clairvoyant and scientific palmist; gives ad-
vice on business, speculations. Investments,
sickness, law, divorce;, gives truthful revela-
tion In love affairs: reunites the sepa- !
rated; no failure. 116. Turk gt. ' :
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st., corner Golden Gate ave.; rooms 25 and
26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; • send stamp, for pamphlet'
with special terms. Dally arid Sunday. ¦
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future; never falls; has the greatest Egyp-
tian secret: shows picture of future husband
or wife; 25c up; satisfaction to everybody;
cures diseases by sympathy. 215V4 Sixth st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 60c;
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit.. $1 50. 126 Turk.
Mrs. Dr. Saylor, queen of clairvoyants & palm-
ists: names and dates; L. *3c; G. 60c; mail £L
1511% Market, op. Van Ness; tel. Mint 1095.
MME. SANDERS, 127 Mason, medium; teaches
palmistry and mind telegraphy; advice on all
business; 4 questions by mall, $l;.hr's, 12 to 8.
KNOW your fate; Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist and render of human deEtiny; never
fails; 25c and 50c. , 1203 Mission st., cor. 8th.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist,, permanently, located 1118 Market, op..
. 6th: private readings dally. 10 a. m. to S p. m.
WONDERFUL clairvoyant— What • he- tells
¦comes true; send 10c. name, birthday. Prof.
E. Garnet, box 672. Manchester, N. H.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader;
ladies 25c. -gents 50c. \ 132 Sixth st. ' ' - : ¦'
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
Mrs. Mallory, clairvoyant card reader;when oth-
ers fall consult me ;: L. 25c, G. 50c. 917 Howard.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; ladles 25c;
gents 50c... 951 Mission'., nr. 6th; open Sundays.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c. 262 Minna st., near Fourth. •; '¦'¦'¦:• ¦ .
MRS. MELVILL. well-known: clairvoyant. water
reader. 11. 6th;Gcrman spoken ;tel. Howard 1846.
M. WILLE, crystal seer, clairvoyant,': medium;
; sittings, 9 a.m. .to 8 p.m. ; SOc. 215 Leavenworth.
MME. ECHAFFER.: clairvoyant, 'card- reader;
sittings dally. 44SV4 Jessie St., bet. Sth and 6th.
CXAIRVO YAKT8— - Contln _*d.
ISMAR THE GYPSY. /
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the
uncertain years ahead; happlnesB and success
go hand in hand, yet hundreds fail where suc-
cess is possible, were It not for a lack of fore-
sight Into the future. If you are in trouble of
any kind, discontented - unhappy or not satis-
fled in life, consult ISMAR, for she . Is a
prophetess of world-wide fame and. her name
has ¦ become a proverb in thousands of homes
made happy by her aid and advice. . ISMAR can
be consulted dally : from 10 a. m. to 5 p. '- m.;
Sundays by appointment only, at her offlce, 1148
Market Et.; opp.i Sixth. By mall, three- ques-
tlons answered. $1. Full life reading. $5.
MME. VON GORGEN. the greatest card reader
in the world. 521 Octavla St., bet. Hayes and
Grove. ' . ¦ .
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given: 25c up. - 5 Fourth st.
CAPE NOME.
CAPE NOME direct; first-class. $75; . second-
class, $40; first-class steamer sails in few
days. C. F. MOORE, 935 Market at., room 6.
CARPET nEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULOING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Teha ma St.; tel. South 40.
BEATING, 3c; laying. 3c; renovating, 5c up;
work guaranteed. T. R. Co.; phone Scott 1310.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 17C3 Harrison; tef. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S SupTrior Carpet-beating' Works,
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. W ALCOM. Proprietor.
JONES & CO.. reliable carpet cleaners and ren-
ovators. 25-27 Eighth Ft.; tel. Jessie 1061.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 Sth St.: tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Reno-
vatlng Co., 210 Fourteenth st.; tel. Mission 74.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. 3 Flghth St.; telephone Jessie 944.
CHIROPODISTS.
INGROWN nailp, bunions, corns, warts, chil-
blains; painless cure. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.-
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency,
room So, 916 Market St.— Experienced, reason-
able, trustworthy. j_
GEORGE w. KELLY'S A<rency^-No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market Bt.
} COTTAGES TO LET.
. COTTAGE of 4 rooms and bath, large yard ;
rent reasonable. 3756 Seventeenth st. '
FIVE rooms; large yard; cellar; reasonable. 714
Florida st., near Twentieth and Bryant.
WOLFE. 8—4 rooms; rent $8 50. Key No. 12.
next door^
DENTISTS. \
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th." rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done, painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. P., Manager.'
EIGHT prizes for best crowns," plates.' bridges
and fillings: extractions or fillings by.my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Peari,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings,
50c; plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy st.— Work done
on" weekly Installments; lowest rates.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $1; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
DR R. L.WALSH.815% Geary.nr.Larkin— Pain-
less extraction SOc; plates $5 up;phonePolkll35.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor, Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg. ¦
LOWEST prices In S. F. Painless extraction,
EOc. N. Y. Dentl6ts. 969 Mission st.,.cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. • 1001 Market st., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk St.
DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
McCABE'S Detective Agency handles all legi-
timate detective business; divorce cases posi-
tively refused. ' Emma Spreckels building,
rooms 323-324. San Francisco; tel. South 381.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking '& Millinery School-f-
Class 'rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL. '
A^RESn_e_d7n^Busine«rColie^^ra3^arket—
$8 per month ; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, cm'l arithmetic, com'l law,
,i penmanship, etc.; experienced teachers; new
typewriters; positions secured; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
. shorthand:, reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President" Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
HIGH school • students — The Weekly Geometry
Papers make home study easy; circulars. 3040
, Sixteenth st.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell St.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg.; Individual Instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mining. mech..sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market, st.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping: figures; short
time. TARR, exp. acct., 220 Parrott bldg.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
MARY P. Westhaus, piano, mandolin, guitar
lesson?, SOc; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.. S. F. ;
founded 1P63; new 80-page catalogue free.
PROF. L. MERKI, successful teacher of violin,
mandolin and guitar. 1008 Mission St., nr. 6th.
BANJO and jruitar. R. T. ROSS, 514A Jones
Et. ; strlnc music furnished.
MEDICAL hypnotism taught to students of
both sexes; chronic functional nervous dis-
eases and habits cured. Suite 5, 141 Powell.
. ' ELECTRO-THERAPEUTIC.
Electric-Chemic medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blood _ constitutional diseases.
Drs. K. & K.'s Electric Sanitarium. 8 Mason
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES..
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. > GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post at.; tel. Bush 135. -
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter; teL Black 6072.
CHINESE and Japanese employment of flee—
Best help. 411^4 O'Farrell st.; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment ot-
¦ flee; nil kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
EMPXOYMEXT 'WANTED— FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook desires situation;
best city ref. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS waitress wants a position at the
• springs. MISS_CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. ¦
FIRST-CLASS second girl desires situation In
country; ref. MISS CULLEN, 325. Sutter st. |£
HOUSEKEEPER by Eastern woman; elderly;
used to children: good cook and laundress;
; capable to do entire work- of small family;
wagett $15. ! Box 3908. Call office, ft
A LADY. Just from the East wants 4 days in
"the week washing and ironing; first-class
flannel washer; best of reference. Call at 3B
Treat ave.. between Thirteenth and Four-
teenth, Folsom and Harrison sts/-: ¦• . '
BOOKKEEPER and typewriter, lady, experi-
. . enced,' first-class double-entry bookkeeper, de-
sires position; understands safeguard •¦ and
corporation systems thoroughly; Al . refer-
• ences; salary moderate. Box 3924, Call offlc9.
WANTED— Dressmaking : in families; $2 per
• day; good, quick -worker; ref erence. : 2509
Misslon'st... rear. - . ' ¦
RESPECTABLE ' young girl -wishes a. position
to ' do , second . work ; neat sewer. -.Call at 2832
1 Howard St., near Twentyrflfth. , ¦ ! ¦
$12— EXPERIENCED cook; light washing; gen-
eral housework; -children's qare; ' piano- les-
• sons; by mother and ¦ daughter. • MRS,; A. I.
. MARSH,' general S. F. P. , O. , / . r
EXPERIENCED nurse would like the: care of
invalid;' best • of reference. : Address M., 1511
; ; Golden: Gate : ave. . : ... ' •'''-. ;--•
RELIABLE 'woman ¦ wishes ' position, ;' private
: family or hotel, .to do chamberwork. Address
: :box 3980. ; Call -offlce. .;• v" - ' •¦'.- r - ' ' '
EMPLOYMENT WAKTED— FEMALE.
WOMAN would like a place as cashier. Ad-
dress M.. 1511 Golden Gate ' ave. ;;->
GIRL would tike a place to do general house-
work in a nice American family. Box 4440.
'' Call offlce. ...¦¦¦ --
GOOD chambermaid or dishwasher wishes a
situation in a hotel or boarding-house or to
care for a lady Invalid; by the day or week. (
428 Broadway. - '
FIRST-CLASS German cook wishes position in
private family; no housework. Box 4390, Call.
RELIABLE mldde-aged woman wishes position
- to do general housework in small family or
care- for sick lady. 118 Grant ave., 2d floor.-
WANTED— Situation as housekeeper or assist-,
ant in first-class hotel or rooming house dur-
ing stay of Epworth Leaguers or longer by
a refined and experienced housekeeper. Box
4000. Call. . . ' '•__.
YOUNG lady, 3 years' experience, desires situ-
* atlon as stenographer and typewriter; ' also
acquainted with bookkeeping; references. A.
M.. care.Alden Co.. 1118 Broadway. Oakland.
STRONG, _ood, willing woman; great house-
cleaner; can do most any. kind of work; good
references; wages $1 per day and car fare.
88 Third St., room 10, upstairs. .
REFINED youner lady, 20, from the East, ' de-
sires a position . as housekeeper. Box 3794,
Call offlce.
WOMAN wishes a position as cook In a coun-
try boarding-house. Box 379O, ; Call offlce. _
DRESSMAKING in families; skirts a special-
ty; $2 per day. Address A, box 3312, Call.
EXPERIENCED sick nurse would like care of
Invalid; good references. 1804 Howard st.
A GERMAN woman wishes to work by the
day at washing and housecleaning. Call at
629 Peat St.. M. G. .
A YOUNG woman with five years old child
would like a respectable situation; city or
country. Box 3935, Call offlce.
DRESSMAKER would like work by the day;
$1 50; no objections to country. Address 121
Shotwell st. - ¦
A GOOD reliable girl wishes situation for gen- i
eral housework; no postals; references If re-
quired. Call at 3873 Seventeenth st.
YOUNG woman wishes work by the day; best
of references. 244 Linden ave. ¦
YOUNG girl wishes situation as saleslady ; no
experience. 915 l /£ Fourteenth si.
DRESSMAKING by the day or work at home;
llght'sults. 507 Turk st.. tel. Polk 2510. _
WANTED by a -respectable German, a place
as working housekeeper in a nice family or
with an elderly couple; best of refeience.
Box 3979. Call offlce.
ELDERLY woman. Protestant, wishes to do
light housework; good cook; city or country.
13S Fifth St.. between' Mission _nd Howard.
WOMAN wishes work in first-class family or
second work and care of children and assist
in general housework. Call 429 Fell st.
A "WOMAN wants sweeping or cleaning or of-
fice work. Call or address M. S., 152% Clara.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and firom ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st. » •
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
PRACTICAL miner wants' position; thorough
. mill- man on stamps or circular mills; had
experience on low-grade ores, also with mine
¦ development, the handling of men, and ls
capable of taking entire charge on free-mill-
ing plant or construction: have assay outfit
and transit; understand steam, water power
and compressed air; tools and calculations;
reliable; reference. Address box 3982. Call.
A YOUNG man (Danish) with ¦ wife and one
child year and a half old wishes situation
on country place; man good gardener, horse-
man and understands that work thoroughly;
wife good cook if required; reliable In every
respect: first-class references. D. N., box
SS01, Call offlce.
RELIABLE man wants position In private
place; understands care of horses^hd garden:
good driver: can milk; best of references.
Box 3922, Call offlce.
A— TRUSTWORTHY man (Dane) wants situa-
tion in city as gardener and horseman, etc. ;
good home more an object than wages: best
of references. M. B., box 3321, Call offlce.
BUTCHER wants position in some wholesale j
place to drive wagon or some other work.
Write to C, W. F.. 1909 Leavenworth st.
EXPERIENCED cutter and fitter ¦ on men's
garments open for a job. Box 3927, Call office.
YOUNG man 23, honest and reliable, wishes
position as driver for a wholesale- or retail
house. Box 4464, Call offlce.
WHO wants a reliable farm worker lately from
Sweden? Address S., 1S25 Webster St.. S. F.
JANITOR, experienced, references, wishes a
position; tie content with moderate salary.
Box 3992. Call offlce. .
YOUNG man experienced In general offlce
work would like situation. Address box
3926, Call offlce.
YOUNG man from Pennsylvania, age 23, wishes
steady position; excellent ref. Box 4451, CalL
A MARRIED baker, ls good foreman on bread,
wishes a steady position. 376 Fifth st.
WANTED— A position by a man handy in the
. kitchen or chamber; handy with tools; a good
all round man. Address box 3791, Call offlce.
PARTY wants good article to sell to pro-
vision dealers; describe same. Box 3994, Call.
YOUNG man wishes position of any kind in
a wholesale or retail store; can give good
references. Box 399fi, Call.
WANTED by first-class accountant, position
as bookkeeper, accountant or general offlce
work; can* give best of references. Address
box 4450, Call offlce.
FRENCH pork butcher wants to work as an
apprentice cook in a private family; refer-
ences. FAUVET. 725 Sansome st.
NEWSPAPERMAN, practical printer, wants
position; can work in any capacity. Box 3918,
"Call offlce. |
YOUNG man, German, 27, seeks employment
of any kind; grocery store or saloon preferred.
Box 3919, Call offlce. - .
ENGINEER and machinist of long experience;
up to date, temperate: has good references.
L. A.. 809 Sixteenth St., Oakland.
POSITION wanted as attendant to an Invalid;
best of references. Box 4469, Call offlce.
PHYSICIAN from the East wishes position an
assistant or nurse, or attendant; also a mas-
seur; fnll ltne of instruments. Box 4162, Call.
GOOD butcher wishes situation in city. Box
4326. Call offlce. ¦
JAPANESE boy wants some situation a por-
tion of the day, between 6 and 8 a. m. ; good
pay. "The New World," 1018 Powell st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore St.
A BRANCH offlce for -Call advertisements and
subscriptions . has been -established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦
EXCHANGE.
EXCHANGE and sales offlce, 321 Phelan build-
ing. Market St.— Send particulars of anything
vcu have for exchange, sele or want: registra-
tion free; insurance and loans; genuine oil
lands, Coalinga and Kern; patent desulphur-
¦izer; crudeoll burner; large tract of timber
land: copper and gold mining property; fine
hotels, country; jewelry and piano, $2000,
snap; choice dairy ranch, investigate; state
your wants. . . , .
WISH to exchange good real estate in San
Jose; well 1 Improved; 5 50-varaa, with large
bearing trees, .all kinds of fruit; price $10,000;
for San Francisco property. Box. 4313, Call.
"^ JFEATH^RS^REKO^VATED.
FEATHER pillows and mattresses steamed,
renovated. E. J. O'ROURKE, 1393 Valencia
st. ;. phone Capp 2682. .
.;! FLATS; TO LET: ~
$37 60— UPPER flat on Larkin, between Jackson
and Pacific, 7 rooms, etc. ; brand new; light
and sunny;never yet occupied. ' • : ; ¦• .
¦ $32 50 for lower 7 rooms and $40 for upper
j 9 rooms, on Flllmore st., between Green and
I Union; both fiats light and sunny and brand
j new. LYON;& HOAG, 114 Montgomery st. -
! HOUSES, COTTAGES, FLATS TO LET. . ¦
1125 Leav'wth; h.,8r.$S2 921 Buchanan; f. 6 r.$30
2118 Central av. h lOr 5U 1618 Bush; f. 9 r..... 30
1178 Ellis; f. 8 r..... 45 2427 Sutter: c. 6 r..:. 22
i 1521 O'Farrell; f. 7 r. 37 418 Clayton; f. 5 r.. 21
j Apply A. M." SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
O'FARRELL,' 1275" and 1277— Beautiful upper
' . sunny flats 6f 8 rooms and . bath, with all
!• modern conveniences. SHAINWALD, BUCK-
| BEE & CO.,; 218-220 Montgomery st. .;,
EDDY, 751, near Van Ness— A. well-arranged
furnished upper flat of -9 rooms and bath;
centrally located. SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE
J & CO., 218-220 Montgomery st.
TO ' let— New flat ; ¦ carpets '; down, but never
.. ' , used owing to sudden call to Honolulu ; owner
I of carpets will be at house 12 to 4 p. m. Sun-'
day.." 1131 Guerrero st., near Twenty-third.;-'
FINE, 2132— 6 rooms,' bath; all'- modern; large
i back yard ; ' fine basement. '-. Inquire of 'owner,
1 ; - / 2134 Pine 6t.""V. -¦ ¦ ;' ...¦'• --. " ' _ ¦¦ l, : 'r-
$25—1018 CHURCH st ; furnished sunny flat for
. s" 2 ' months ; piano; ' gas ; stove. MADISON &
I. BURKE.' ¦•:.." :¦¦".: ' :'-.:¦:'-.¦
','¦•!' A'" FINE i flat * of 5 * rooms : and . bath at ¦ 4585
» -Eighteenth: 'St.; ¦ fine view. -•' ¦¦•, >
FLATS TO tET— Coatly||* linrJ
IF you are looking I otJ™™?* 0 *?' c^tif'u
stores, call at PATTERSON & CO. S, 11
City Hall square. -
BEFORE moving drop a postal, to9~.% "olsom
et.; we buy anything you don't care to vaov.
BOWIE ave.. 5--A flat of 3 rooms; bay : wlndow;
cheap rent to a small family.,
CHARMING, modern. s unn /- at nJ_ r : chure™ S '
bath. etc. 332 Cumberland ».. near Churcn.
ELEGANT new modern _pper_ flat; 7 rooms
and bath: sun all day. 1638 Grove st.
FLAT of 4 rooms to let. 673 Clementina st..
near Eighth. .
NEW 6-room flat; faces park. 54 Partola St..
off Waller, west of Stelner. ¦_
SUNNY bay-window flat: w**™?^ and
bath. Corner Dolores and Fifteenth sts.
SUNNY corner flat. 6 rooms and bath. Eight-
eenth and 'Howard sts. ; .'
TWENTY-THIRD. 3725— Flat of 5 rooms and
bath: rent $15. - '
2 MODERN flats; one a corner; 8 and 9_ r^ 1 "!;
2 kitchens In each; $30 and $35. 41.tt Third st
$7; HOUSE, 3 rooms; good neighborhood; sun-
ny yard. Addrera box 4463. Call office. •
$25: SUNNY flat, partly furnished. 6 rooms and
bath. 335 Fair Oaks st.; adults only.
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED— Near the park or in desirable part
of Mission, below Twentieth St., furnished
flat of 7 rooms and bath by family of adults;
rent reasonable. Address immediately box
4457, Call office. '
WANTED— Unfurnished flat of 7 or 8 rooms and
bath, near Park; rent not over $30; on long
term. Address box 3917. Call office.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
WE will furnish your house on monthly pay-
ments. A. B. SMITH Furniture Co.. 123
and 132 Ellis st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak. $4S 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-11— L Market.
FOR sale— Fine bedroom set cheap. Apply
1506 Pacific ave.
FURNITURE WASTED.
CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture.
merchandise, etc.; phone Jessie 2071.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture see
Golden Gate Auction Co.. S28 Howard at
A. WOU-PERT. 773 Mission St.. payB highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkin; tel.Polk 634;
furniture & furn'd housea bought ; spot cash.
GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted ; kept in . repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WASTED— FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN _\CO.'S....104 Geary st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. •
2 waitresses. Coronado beach, rate fare.. .$29
3 waitresses, same country hotel $25
2 waitresses, Vlsalla. tare paid .....$25
2 waitresses, commercial hotel, see party
here $25
Waitress, St. Helena, fare paid $20
Chambermaid, woman with a child, same
place $15
Waitress, Berkeley $20
Waitress, mining town, fare paid $-M
Waitress, Red Bluff, fare paid ....$J)
Waitress. State of Nevada, fare paid $20
3 waitresses, springs^ fares paid' $20
2 waitresses, Santa Cruz $2")
Waitress nurses' hall, watering resort $-•>
Waitress, Sausallto $20
10 waitresses, city ! $20
Pantry glrl3, summer resort, '. $20
2 fancy ironers, Southern California, rate-
fare $33
Plain ironer. Santa Rorfa MU
2 ehakern out and assist on mangle.... $1 day
Protestant woman, institution $30
Linen room woman, country hotel $20
Starcher. ' country itel. south ..; $35
Chambermaid to wait. Colusa, fare paid. ..$20
Chambermaid to wait, springs, steady
place $20
Cook, ¦ country, fare paid $30
Chambermaids, city and country hotels $23
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Many choice places In this department for
cooks houseglrls. second girls, nurseslrls,
ranch cooks, city and country, highest wages
paid; call and select.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary Bt.
A— THREE First-class waitresses, watering re-
sort. $20, fare one way. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary tt,
THREE waitresses for beautiful Capitola. $20,
free fare one way. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st. . _
WANTED — Early Monday morning. 2 second
girls, $25, see lady at 10 o'clock: 4 second
girls, $20; cleaning woman, institution, $25; 4
cooks, plain wash, $25 to $30; 2 laundresses,
$30, private family; cook, 3 in family, $25, nice
place: 10 hotel waitresses. $20 to $25, city and
springs; fancy Ironer, $30: head waitress, *3O:
! hotel cook, $30; housework, 2 In family, $30;
neat girl, general housework, 3 in family,
short distance In country, $25; pastry cook,
$50; Swedish cook, $35, no wash; man and
: wife. $40, country resort: restaurant wait-
resses, $7 and $8 a week; a large number of
houseglrls. $20 to $25. city and country. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter St.
COOK to g:o to the country *35 to $40
4 cooks for city .$23 to $30
10 housework girls $20 and $25
12 waitresses, city and country.... $20 and $25
7 second girls ..' ....J20
3 nurseglrls, city and country $15 to $20
20 young girls to assist ...,..$12 to $20
MISS HORGAN. 323 Sutter St.
A GOOD remuneration for twenty persons to
receive and usher at Mr. Thomas House-
worth's address on physical culture to ths
pupils and friends of the Hoover University
of Physical Culture. 1319 to 1329 Market St..
on ! Tuesday evening at 8 o'clock: admission
free. For nearly 50 years Mr. Houseworth
was a leading photographer and optician In
. S. F. Now he is one of the greatest teach-
ers of physical culture In the world. Has
taught over 15.C0O pupils.
WANTED— Experienced saleslady for Infants'
department. DAVIS. SCHONWASSER &
CO., 128-134 Post st.
A YOUNG girl for lirht housework; sleep at
home; wares small. Apply 4045 Twenty-
sixth st., near Nee. .
GIRL to assist In housework, 2 in family: no
washing; sleep home. Call Monday, 257 Lin-
den ave., near Franklin.
EXPERIENCED hands accustomed to making
children's woolen dresses to work in factory.
220 Sutter St., room 25.
WANTED— Experienced sewln* machine ope-
rators. Apply J. J. PFISTER KNITTING
CO.. 412 Polk st. r-
WANTED— Girl for urstalrs work and to as-
elst with children; wages $20. Call 3523 Wash-
ington st.
WAITED— A good .strong girl for general
housework and plain cooking; wages $20. 1315
Sutter st.
GIRL for gen^ril housiwork: small family. 112
Lycn st.. between Oak and Pase.
TWENTY girls to shell nuts. Apply 123 Clay
St.. upstairs, between 8 and 10.
A YOUNG Rlrl to assist a young couple with
housekeeping. 2754 Twenty-third st.
FIFTY •women to make ladles' undeiwear at
home. BAUER BROS.. 21 Sansome et.
WOMEN to sew on wrappers to take work
home. ' 723 Market St.. room 35.
GIRL for housework; $10; , small flat; two in
family. 1039A Dolores, near Twenty-fourth.
SEWERS to take work home. 723 Market St., |
room 35. j
NEAT competent cook, some housework ; ref-
erences. 1509 Pacific ave.- - . -.
FINISHER on ladles' suit3. 783 O'Farrell st.
'WANTED— Good girl for cooking and general
housework: good, wages. Call 3601 Clay st.
GIRL for general housework and cooking; good
wages; call Monday. 1718 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Retoucher at TONKIN'S, 1227 Mar-
ket; must be first-class; no others need apply.
WAITRESS wanted. Central Restaurant, 1191
Market st.
WANTED— Girl to wait at table at Eureka
Hotel. 415 Brannan st. ....
WANTED— First-class cook and second girl to
.do work of small family In country; good
¦ wages; modern house. Box 3920, Call office.
A LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
EXPERIENCED hands ! on woolen waists:
good pay. JUD A BROS., 109 Battery st.
GIRLS . wanted to wra:> chewing gum. 27
Main st. v ¦ ¦
WANTED— Girl .for general houseworic. $25 a
¦ month. Call from 2 to 5 at 2314 California st.
60 OPERATORS on silk and wool waists: good
.*. pay; steady work. S. F. _t.Co.. 623 Market.
YOUNG girl to .assist - with housework; 4 In
family; wages $12. Call morning at 2450 Bush.
GIRLS wanted at Contra Costa • Laundry, cor-
ner Fourteenth and Klrkham sts.. Oakland.
WANTED— A girl for general housework; Ger-
v man preferred. Call 9 to 11. morns. 92« Eddy.
A BRANCH, of flee for. Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at . 1096
-.Valencia at.-' ¦-; * : --¦..¦ ; • -.
HE!-* \rj_yTKP— MAUffl.
A^^^ATr^^-^-^on- Main 5843
"\ TO-DAY.. SUNDAY
"-"o^ffl^- fe 8^?:::::::
"V " RAILROAD MEN
w'^Hr^'rs .UKIAH SHIP TO-NIGHT
SHIPSUNDAY
HE
iir trrs 1*> tn 22 25 day xut-Ci r _\Ki_
WAGES J- to *^ -o.-S OWN WORK
175* men to work for the S. P. R. R. Co. in
sectton steel, ballast and other gangs , oil .the,
ST£ fo^!^
' FREE FARE .--SHIP TO-NIGHT -SUNDAY
.MECHANICAL DEPARTMENT
5 carpenters, rough work.^..- £>
. SSS»r%uSK b_r 5 nsVshe^::::.^
2" boiler-makers' south *S 23 and J3 50 day
Blacksmith, railroad camp, free fare; ranch
5 fiira SI $40 and found
17 aC bfa™ks h mn-sf 'machine, callage, shop.
camps and c^ $ V*$5"2"and '^ and' found
j' blacksmith helpers. .$1 75 day. J32 and found
2 harness-makers, ranches, fare Jl aO. $o3
and found; gans edgerman. see boss here,
good wages.
........ MINES.. ..LABORERS
2 machine miners, good mine »»2 »0
j«7 50: 6 miners, S60; 10 muckers, good mine
875- 15 laborers for a mine $60 and found
5 laborers, $34 and found; 10 laborers for sur-
Jace work of mine, easy job....»30 and found
25 laborers, city. ?14 week: 10 laborers city
J27W>r board and room: 5 laborers $33 and
found; 7 laborers for quarry. S3 Jp8!» day,
• !-ef:H'SVliJ'^o&'^:....
..ELECTRIC COMPANY'S WORK..^...
15 laborers, no experience * y%
SAWMILLS AND WOODS...........
10 swampers, new lumber Co.... $40 to $63 _ fd
_! lumbeV pliers, steady Job....«5 and found.
19 laborers, no experience, for sawmill Co.
Bteady Job year round.... J3o to $4» and found
2 tree fellers, $45 and found; If crosscut saw-
yers, 5 Jackscrewers. 10 linemen, for woods;
10 laborers to build roads, fare 90c. $30 and
found; barkpeelers, $40. ............
. MISCELLANEOUS
*".'.,".! WAREHOUSEMEN
8 warehousemen, $3 day; 10 men to handle-
Coachman for'lnjstltution *25 and found
Stableman, private place, country ?¦»
15 2 and 4 horse teamsters, Araador CO........
$2 and $2 25 day
4 "woodchoppers, pine wood ...O 73 cord
15 men to clear land $40 and found
75 men for hay
150 farmersfor" 'steady work on farms, vine-
yards, orchards; 28 choremen and boys; 15
ranch teamsters, $1 23 to $2 50 day and found;
17 milkers. $30 to $40 and found; dairy maa
for hotel, see boss here. J33 and found: hay
balers. J3 60 day; 8 pruners. J30 and found,
HOTEL, BAKERY. LAUNDRY, BUTCHER
AND OTHER DEPT.
Cook, mine boarding-house $80
Second cook, mine •" •-**>
2 camp waiters, 130; cook for surveying party.
9 men. $45 and found, see boss here to-day,
Sunday *
15 cooks, different hotels and restaurants:
waiter for springs. ?2S: 2 waiters, country
hotel. J35; 17 waiters for other Jobs: dish-
washer, ranch, Jl fare, JSS.and found: 25 dish-
washers, kitchen hands and vegetable men;
baker, country shop, north, $60 and found:
baker, city, $50; baker's helper on cakes. $25
and found, country; butcher, country shop,
good block man. J4O and found; butcher shop
and wagon, see boss here. MURRAY &
READY, 634-63S Clay st.
TO-DAY (SUNDAY)
Office open
To-day (Sunday) -
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. ..104 Geary St.
Wanted— 2000 men for new railroad work.
Teamsters, laborers, tunnelmen. drillers,
muckers, axmen. choppers and crosscut saw-
yers for - -•• -
„ UKIAH
, NEVADA
TRUCKEE
Chatsworth Park (big tunnel)
Wages from $173 to |3 a day
Free fare Ship to-day Free faro
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,"
59 Third St.; phone Bush 4C5.
100 R. R. laborers, S. P. Co.'s own work.
L. A. and Santa Barbara, division.
No experience required. ' m
$1 of See fee; no other expense.
FREE FARE ....FREE FARE
6 harvest hands $2 per day and board
5 lumber pliers .-$35 per month and board
8 men for rock work 52 25 per day
6 rutwmill men. ...$30 to $35 month and board
3 miners to run air drills $3 25 per da/
3 men to feed hay press $3 to $4 per day
4 teamsters, city.
2 milkers. 25 cows, $30 per mo., eee boss here.
Office cpen Sunday until 12 m.
S. F. EMPLOYMENT OFFICE. 323 Kearny st.
50 R. R. laborers, Ukiah and Santa Barbara,
free fare; 50 laborers for lumber mill, ship
Monday; 20 laborers and 20 teamsters. $2 25.
country, fare $1 20: porter. $30 and found.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
Free employment.. 927 Market St., room 207.
I. LESS. Secretary; telephone Jessie 1176.
CIVIL service Government positions: about
! 95G0 appointments made last year; probably
10,000 this year; only a common school edu-
cation required; catalojue of Information
free. Columbian Correspondence College,
Washington. D. C.
"WAREHOUSEMEN and grain handlers are
hereby notified to remain away from Port
Costa and Crockett until further notice. By
order Bay Counties Warehousemen's Protec-
tive Association No. 9228.
TRUSTWORTHY persons In each State to
manage business of wealthy corporation; sal-
ary $13 cash each; Wednesday from head-
quarters; expense money advanced. Man-
ager. 325 Caxton building, Chicago.
BARBERS — 5-chalr shop connected with 10 ele-
gant bathrooms; this is one of the best pay-
ins shops in city; can be bought reasonable
if called Immediately. STOLTZ. 723 Market.
BOY about IS. in office of wholesale house;
must live with parents, -write a good hand
and good at figures. Address in own hand-
writing. Box 43S9. Call office.
WANTED— All honorably discharged soldiers,
sailors and marines or their heirs will find
it to their interest to send their present ad-
dresses- to box 3&91, Call office.
WANTED— Cooks, waiters, waitresses and
buses; also extras for Epworth League meet-
ing; oftlce op?n Sunday; register at once, no
fe<>. 127 Mason st.
MEN to take lessons In self-shaving; will b<s
of lasting benefit to you; terms reasonable.
Boston Institute of Autoshaving. 105 Ellis st.,
room 31, 10-12 a. m.. 1-4 and 6-3 p. m.
WANTED — By a leading fire Insurance offlco
for outside work, a party well acquainted and
connected. Box 3DSS, Call office.
GOOD solicitor and collector. Industrial insur-
. ance; salary advanced. N. COHEN, assistant
superintendent. San Rafael.
WANTED— A good second cook; call early.
California Restaurant, California Market.
BLACKSMITH helper. 2315 Pine, St.
WANTED— Young man with some cash; $30
month and board: no exp. Restaurant. 436 4th.
MAN with team for photo traveling: good ref-
erences and share given. Address box 3323,
Call office.
STRONG boys: steady employment. B.
BLUMENTHAL _ CO.. 25 and 27 Battery st.
CONFECTIONER on pies, cakes and candy.
Apply or address 803 Valencia st.
WANTED — Strong boy, about 17. LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.. 36 ! ,i Fremont St.
PIANIST; lady or gent. 770 Howard st.
WANTED— A sober bedmaker. Apply Dewey
House. 22 East St. -
WANTED— AH ex-soldlers to call at 630 Mar-
ket St.; business of Importance.
WANTED— Wagon blacksmiths. 637 Brannan
street. /
GERMAN baker wanted; third hand. 370 Hayes
street.
BARBER wanted; also young man with soms
experience. FRITZ. 112S J st.. Sacramento.
GOOD dishwasher wanted- 134 Third st.
VEGETABLE man wanted. Park Hotel. 2S
Turk st. ""
WAITER wanted. Capital Restaurant. 206
McAllister st.
LUNCH waiter wanted. 14CG Polk St.; call
- Monday.
WANTED— Waiter. 38 Seventh St.. after 3
p. ¦ m.
WANTED — Industrious men ¦ and women 1_
. every town to work for us at borne. No
canvassing. We will send work any dis-
tance. Have several lines of work to gl~s
out; gome requires no experience. If you
can't devote the whole " day to our work,
you can earn $5 or $S a week by working an
hour or two evenings. .Address Standard
Mfg. Co.. 142 West 23d St.. New York.
MAN. upright character, to manage business of
established house: salary $18 weekly & ex-
penses, payable wkly. from headquarters; ex-
pense money advanced; perajanent; reference
Standard House, 3S4 Caxton bldg., Chicago. "
WANTED— Laborers and^ mechanics to know
* that -Ed Rolkln. Reno -Rouse proprietor, still
' runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 larg*
•rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 1 4, 1901.
29
HELP WA?fTP!n — , M . 4 . T ' W — r< Wy
WANTED— An experienced domestic salesman.
Apply at HALE BROS., 979 Market St.. be-
tween £ and 10 a. m.
FOR SALE— Good two-chair barber shop ac-
count of sickness; established 7 years. Ad-
tiress 642 E. &_;-. st.. Stockton.
WANTED— Boy about 15: wages liberal. Ad-
dress Machinist, box 3316. Call office.
BOY to assist in store and run errands. 035
Valencia Et. f-'tt
PANTSMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter et.
BOY to work In a laundry. Apply SI Jessie
St., near Fourth. .••*,:
BOY wanted; not over 16 years; $3 per week.
Pacific Electric Motor Co.. 183 Jessie et.
DRUG clerk wanted. Inquire at 603 Montgomr
ery st.
ALL eizes men's ehoes. ellghtly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
CARRIAGE painter wanted. _I HORTOP.
Rutherford, Cal.
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and push:
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON
room 412. Parrott building-.
MEN wanted to learn the barber trade; only
S weeks required; t years' time saved by our
method; examination and diploma given
frre. complete outfit of tools donated; special
Inducements this month. Call or write at
once for special offer and free catalogue. MO-
LER BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay Bt.
8OLDIERS wanted learn the barber trade; epe-
cial inducements; situations guaranteed after
8 weeks' practice; call or write at once for
•special offer and free catalogue. MOLER
COLLEGE. C3S Clay st.
"WANTED— At Master Bakers' Protective Asso-
cl"tion, foreman, second and third bread
bakers; also confectioners; good pay; perma-
nent positions. 127 Mason s_
WANTED— Cigar clerk; good wages; must be
acquainted In city; references wanted. Ad-
dress box 442S. Call office.
TREE EOMES SOLDIERS'
Declaratory statements filed M 630 Market
gt. SMITH & HOWE.
PENSION ATTORNEY EDWARD A. BULLIS.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2,
O. A. R.. room 40, Phelan bids., 80« Market.
GET your ehoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Miesion st., bet. 1st and 2d Ets.
GOOD boy who understands bookbinding. MY-
SELL. ROLLINS & CO.. _ Clay st.
WANTED— COO men to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes. $1 up; eollng 20c up. S23 Howard.
McDONALD & PERRY have COO pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c. 241 Third St.
EAILOIIS. «rdir.ary. for ships for all parts of
ft-orld. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
WEN to learn barber trade: catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard Bt.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third Bt., near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; iree
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore «t.
r —
HOUSES AXD WAGOXS.
FOR SALE— Fine young work horne Just from
country: 7 years old; 1300 pounds; must be
Eold; well broken. 2200 Point Lobos ave., cor-
ner Eleventh.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
S27 Sixth Et. ; auction sales ex'erv Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
A HANDSOME registered young thoroughbred,
broken to caddie n_>i harness; lady drives
him; cheap at $150; don't answer if you are
looking for a $50 horse. 125 Geary k_
FIXE matched teams, suitable for carriages
and doctors' teams; 4 single horses. Thir-
teenth and Harrison 6ts.
OKE pood Etrong one-horse express wagon.
1270 Turk «.
WANTED— Good single-footer. 5 to 8 years old,
weight about 1000 pounds. Union Stock Yard.
Thirteenth and Harrison 6ts.
40 HEAD of work and dri\-i_ET horses; 2 fast
pacers. 721 Howard et.
ALL kinds of wagons, burgles, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EG AN & SON. 2117 Mission et. '
AIC A No. 1 express »_ton. single: also light
<-amplng wapon. for eale cheap. 532 llltmon.
HORSES WASTED.
T\'^XTED — To buy a pair of ponies or a small
horse; must be gentle; price must be reason-
able; trial asked. Address box 4354. Call.
KORRES wanted to work on scraper Job: four
ci;; five months' work- Apply at 26 Montgom-
ery t-t.. room 25.
A— PRINTED l'rt houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. I'MBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
ALAMEDA — To lease, ideal home; beautiful
residence, 9 rooms, furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; sunny correr; flowers and fruit;
photos at office. BURXHAM & MARSH CO.,
20 Montgomery Ft.
HOUSL* 4 rooms, stable, yard, chicken houses
H5ALY & GILLESPIE. CSO Market st.
HOUSES TO LET FCH.MSHED.
NICELY furnished cottage 5 rooms and bath;
coal and gas range; garden. 3035 Twenty-
third Et.
PAGE. 4<3 — Sunny furnished house 8 rooms.
bath, piano; 6 months or less.
HOUSES WA.VTED.
¦WANTED— To rent furnished, with view of
buying, fine rooming house, about 40 rooms;
furniture must be in good condition, house
in best location and respectable. Address
box 27S3, Call.
I .\STAXTA\EOUS WATER HEATER.
HOT bath in ten minutes at cost of 2%c; saves
fire in ranee; you light your flame and by the
time you are disrobed your bath 1« ready; no
danger from explosion; sold on installments ;
call and see it in operation-. RIBBON
WATER-HEATING r-p. F._am. bldg.. r. 607.
LOST AXD FOUXD.
LOST— From 4S4 Sixtieth et.. Oakland, long-
haired black and white collie dog, valued
as baby's Dlaymate. Reward if returned to
434 Sixtieth St.. Oakland.
LOST— On Thursday, the 11th, one black and
white deerhound pup, «oout 7 months old.
Return to <23 Post Ft., St. Lawrence Stables,
end receive reward.
LOST— Saturday, lady's gold watch and fieur
tie lie pin attached; reward. 4 Post court off
Post St.. bet. Hyde and Lsrkin.
IXH3 lost— Liver-colored Irish water spaniel;
tag £23: liberal reward for return or lnforma-
tion. L. PH. BOLANDER, 432 Fair Oaks st,
LOST— Black Newfoundland dog; tag No. 231S-
reward. E3 Sll\-er ave.
LOST— In the vicinity of First and Natoma
ets.. small brown Fpanlel bitch with white
breast. Return to 26 Jessie st-; reward.
¦Wanted — Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
JIATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
Btery; Al carpet cleaning: honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell St.-
tel. Bush 421. .
MlftKS A\O MIXING. "
MONTEZUMA— OOPPER^ODAL— COKR
MONTEZUMA— COPPER— COAL— COKE.
1IONTEZUMA— COPPER— COAL-COKE.
A TELEGRAM FROM THE MINES.
A telegram from the mines states that the
e!xty Callfomlans now thoroughly inspecting
the properties of the Montezuma Company are
of one opinion: "They are all and even more
than Is claimed for them.' and development
work at the mines exceeds their most sanguine
expectations. "
REMEMBER
Now it the time to invest tn a blgr, rich, safe
company at ground-floor prices. This Is the
opportunity of a lifetime.
Montezuma Mining Company shares offered
for a ehort time at IS cents per share or 17
cents per chare on in/ tallments. While the
price of shares advances from month to month
the increase by no mean* keeps pace -with the
cc-velojitnent.
Ask for prospectus and learn what these
shares offer as an Investment.
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST CO.,
| Selling Agents,
S10 Eafe Deposit Building. San Francisco. ¦
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wlTwng^o^arry wealUiy Tadtes
send ltto for latest list. MRS. HERTZ. 206 Ellis
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SAL-%
BOILERS, enginesT^hand machinery^ Mc~
IN TOSH St WOLPMAN. 155-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bar-, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand; we always have a large stock of
caloon outfits on band; 32 complete outfits on
cne floor, ready made; we can ship overything
tn 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017. 1013, 1021, 1023
Mission st.. above Sixth ; write for catalogue.
ON acount of vacating present location and
moving to new works we offer for sale— for
removal — our present buildings, consisting of
machine shop, foundry and boiler shop, with
traveling cranes. Rledon Iron Works, Beale
and Howard sts.
YOUNG Central America parrots, $6; remember
College Kennels has largest and finest St.
Bernards, English and Irish setters, cockers,
Scotch. Skye, Yorkshire, fox and bull terrier
and collie pups; Great Danes and dach-
shunds; dogs boarded. 115 Haight st. '
3 FRICTION elevators, complete.
Z baker blowers, AVz and 5.
6 boilers and engines, various sizes.
410 Third st, Oakland.
AIR ccm&resscr, 3 sizes, 6. 10, 20 stamp mills;
30 ml nine cars, pumps, locomotive, rail mo-
tors, generatcrs; 4 Beta hoisting works; steam
and water Dower. J. B. Jar dine, 220 Fremont.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
4 BEAUTIFUL diamond rings for sale cheap;
no reasonable cash offer refused. 2400 How-
ard st; no letters answered. '.
ALL kinds second-hand building material, lum-
ber, lath, brick and firewood; lowest prices.
Dolan Building Supply Co., 1611 Market et.
THOROUGHBRED runts, white homers, Bquab
breeders, Irish setters; prices reasonable. 2041
Linden et., Oakland.
CURIO hunters— A fine collection of Indian
baskets for sale. Address C. H. G., box 27,
Covelo, Cal.
FOR SALE — Baby buggy, pood as new, cheap;
also cot, wire and hair mattresses. 803 Van
Ness ave.
A— 37x52; 2-roller Campbell press; fine condi-
tion. Address box 3925, Call office.
A — 13 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny Et., near Pine.
FINE suits, $10: dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
A FINE toned, small upright French piano;
bargain: $60. 109 Sixth st.
A BARGAIN— 20-foot sloop. Apply 339 Grove
St., San Francisco.
AT 3c roll, wallpaper, painting, 'paper hang-
ing. 1302 Webster st. ; tel. Jackson 1321.
CHICKS, thoroughbred poultry and eggs. In-
gleElde Poultry Yards, 807 Mt. Vernon ave.
MOVING picture outfit; signs, tickets, banners,
slides and films. Box S12, Oakland.
TYPEWRITER for eale cheap. At 2216 Mis-
slon St., near Nineteenth.
WANTED— To sell old Spanish coins. Address
box 3792. Call office. j
DOMESTIC sewing machine for eale cheap,
with all attachments. 2216 Mission st.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and second-
hand. J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission et.
2D-HAND machinery of all kinds bought; sold,
rented, exchanged. H. S. White, 616 Mission.
I SAFES— New and second-hand: all sizes. THE
! WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St., San Fran.
$64 MAGIC lantern and moving picture ma-
chine $37 50. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento Bt. -'
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machin- j
ery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st. j
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & Id-hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL, 66 Bluxome.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. Co.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post Bt.
WE pay big prices for sealskins. Portland
Loan Office. 25 Stockton Bt.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
ALL unused check stamps bought; 2c; loose or
imprinted; also all documentary and proprle-
tary stamps. R. GARVEY. 1008 Call building.
INVALID'S chair wheel; divided foot rest;
rubber tires. Address S30 Elm St., Oakland.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and |
theatrical goods. 154 9th st- : tel. Folsom 2522.
i? MEDICAL. -^
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladles only; !
my regulator has no equal; all classes of le-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment "that
1 helps the unfortunate; the most obstinate
cases are Immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated; scientific methods gruar-
anteed. PR. G. W. O'DONNELL, 1018 Market.
HINDOHERB home treatment; the most won-
derful simple, sure remedies ever known for
Indigestion, tapeworm, neuralgia, leucorrhea.
gonorrhea and all troubles of male and female
eexual organs; treat yourself; be your own i
doctor; 4 months' suppository treatment, $4;
maternity home; bust developer; send stamp I
for circulars. 1126 Market St., S. F., Cal.
A TREATMENT that is guaranteed to give in-
stant relief for all female complaints; the
longest and most obstinate cases immediately
relieved without pain; travelers helped; no
delay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122
1 Market, bet. Mason and Taylor, opp. Hale's.
MRS. DR. WYETH has removed from Post St.
to 410 O'Farrell; reliable ladies' specialist; 26
years' successful practice; guar. treatment at
office; any ailment; private home for patients
before and during confinement; low fees.
— — — — — — — — — — — — ________
DR. and Mrs. Davies. 1228 Market; our regula-
tor is a treatment superior to others, has
brought health and happiness to thousands of
anxious, suffering and despondent women;
.office treatment guaranteed; strictly reliable.
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed In all female
complaints or money returned; my regulator
never fails; the most obstinate cases relieved
without pain; best care: fee low; consult free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1118 Market, nr. Mason.
T. DUFFY'S solution guaranteed to cure all
skin diseases. NW cor. G. G. ave. & Flllmore.
MOy~Y_ TTO_LOAJr.
ANY AMOUNT 6 PER CENT.
CITY AND COUNTRY
Money loaned on estates in probate, first,
second and third mortgages.
MORTGAGES BOUGHT
Interests in real estate bought (money ad-
vanced to prevent foreclosure); loans on fur-
niture and pianos.
EUREKA LOAN AND INVESTMENT CO.,
14 McAllister st..- room 28. adjoining Hibernla
Bank.
AA-MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.
$300,000 at 6 per cent in sums to suit. City
and Oakland. Town and Country property,
Second Mortgages. Life Insurance and Secu-
rities. Loans on unsettled Estates, undivided
interests in Real Estate and Legacies. We
will purchase any of above securities. Phono
Red 5024. MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th
floor, Crocker Bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT....
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided intercut in real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAN .:....
24 Montgomery St., room 3 ..;'.;
HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market st.. loans on
first and second mortgages, interests in. es-
tates, undivided interests in real estate, lega-
cies, etc.; if your property Is mortgaged and
you need more money, see HERMAN MUR-
PHY. C30 Market St.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay
Get my terms before doing bus4ness elsewhere.
...' R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st.. room I
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
'and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, chattel mortgages; secur-
ities, manufacturing, mercantile and.minlnx
Intereets; corporation loans. R. 16, 1st floor,
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 946 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
$23,000 IN trust to loan at 6 per cent; city or
country; see me before going elsewhere.
HARPER. 3S7 Parrott building. •
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st..- room 6S.
MOST reliable place to i borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. • W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold,' silver, diamonds.
DEAL direct; furniture, pianos; no removal;
'low rate; strictly private. Lick. 116 McAllister.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st., r.L
MOyEY TO LOAN — Continued. V\
3% on furniture and pianos: $15 up: no removal:
no commission; private. Room 8L.6 Eddy st.
ON salaries or wages; no indorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co., 309 Phelan bldg.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome Bt.. room 2.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
321 Parrott building. , ¦ ' ¦
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 933 Market, S. F.
(Branch 951 Broadway. Oakland.)
We sell the popular pianos of the day— Steck,
Everett Packard, Conover, Hardman, Ludwig,
Baldwin, Valley Gem, Smith & Barnes. Har-
rington, Kingsbury, Jewett and Straube. ¦ f
You cannot afford to buy a piano until you
gee THE WILEY B. -ALLEN' CO.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN, CLAY
& CO. may be exchanged for a new Stelnway
upright or baby grand p'ano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos, $6 per
month; some good pianos sold for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., Ban Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth st . Oakland. '.
A SURE indication that the publio is appre-
ciative is the fact that our 20 and SO per cent
reduction sale of pianos for July is such a
success. ¦ *
Think of a $500 piano for $350. Such prices
were never offered before. We sell for cash
or payments. THE ZENO MAUVAIS CO.,
769 Market st.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 3 vears and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs, you only 20c a day to buy _
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE, 30
O'Farrell St.; established 1850. '
A LIST of. fine' second-hand bargains— 1 Emer-
Eon, 1 Hallet & Davis. 1 Conover, lCurtaz, 1
, Sterling, $75. $125. $145, etc.; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O"Farrell St..
Checkering, Vose, Sterling Agency; also
Apollo, king of self-players.
ALL makes; great bargain; $50 up; rents $2
up allowed; we want agents; pianos furnished
free; you get first money when you selL
HEINE PIANO CO., 217 Geary st. :
FOR SALES — Account departure, for one-third
value, grand upright piano; standard make;
fine carved case; absolutely as good as new.
2009 Sixteenth st.
JAS. KEEFFE'S piano warerooms . now per-
manently located at 22 Turk Bt, near junc-
tion Mason, Market & Turk; largest in city.
ANOTHER cleaning-out sale of storage pianos
at your own price; $6 installments; no re-
serve. WILSON'S STORAGE, 1706 Market, st.
PIANOS $75 up; Hartman, $100; Chlckerlng,
$150; Nleuman. $150. W. C. HAMILTON, 8
i Flood building.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy, Lester, Hamilton
and Spellmann pianos. 308 Post st.
PARTY going to Chicago must sacrifice hand-
some 3-pedal upright piano. 782 Ellis st.
TWO upright pianos left on sale; Fisher. $95;
Chlckerlng. $1£5. Room 38. 217 Geary st.
GOOD second-hand uprisrht for sale cheap.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister St.
A SPLENDID Stelnway; uprights, $100; pianos
• rented $2 upward. BRCENN, 208 Post st.
$80 — FINE upright: baby grand Steinway: other
makes. FAY'S Piano Factory, 1729 Mission.
A LARGE lot of second-hand upright pianos
for sale cheap. HORXUNG'S, 216 McAllister.
$3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
A FINE upright piano for sale cheap. 837 Me-
Allister st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
MUSIC BOXES.
MUSIC BOXES— Paul Mcnaco, expert, and the
best repairer and maker on the coast for 15
years; fine Swiss au>! American music boxes
a specialty. 769 Market st, bet. 3d and 4th,
south side; thoroughly understands his busi-
ness aj*d the rleht party to deal with.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
HYDH, 1517— Basement brick, hard finished. 31
x40 feet; suitable for painter, carpenter or
storage; rent $8. .
LARGE front window to. let with space. 117
Sutter st., near Kearny. JACOB HEYMAN.
FOR the choicest double store In city for re-
tail trade address Owner, box 4434, Call.
328 PACIFIC st.— Handsome, large store, cheap;
alsp 810 Sansome, store $6 per month.
LIGHT, cheerful offices; $15 and $20. Emma
Spreckels building. 927 Market st.
OIL.
COSTA RICA PETROLEUM & COAL CO.
We have just received advices of the grant-
ing of the concession to us by the Costa Rlcan
Government. We now own over 60,000 acres
of the' finest oil and coal lands In the world;
same is also best tropical agricultural land ;
the stock Is as yet 10 cents per share, but upon
receipt of the Government documents will im-
mediately be advanced to 25 cents. The stock
cannot fall to go to several dollars per share.
Call or send for prospectus to PACIFIC
STATES MINING & INVESTMENT CO., 326
Post st., San Francisco, Cal.
Reference: The Consulate of Costa Rica In
San Francisco.
CALISTOGA Oil and Development Company,
operating on 2120 acres of oil land in nine
¦ districts. Office, 23 and 24 Merchants' Ex.
40 ACRES, Just north of ,Bakersfleld. $30, con-
ditlonally. HAMILTON & CO.. 8 Flood bldg.
OIL tanks, second hand. In good order; all
Fizes; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
PAINTERS AXD DECORATORS.
PAPER-HANGING, house painting; good, reli-
able work. Clark's, 808 Larkln; tel. Larkin 1060.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist; head and face
reading; lessons given. 617 Jones* st.
MME. GERMAINE, the business palmist of
the Pacific Coast; 1 to 5. . 906 Market st.
H. JEROME FOSELLJ, scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
PERSONALS.
WHAT LADIES WANT TO KNOW.
LADIES— When tired of poor work, try the
LA VERITE Halr-Dresslng Parlors, the only
place where you can obtain egg shampoo and
have your hair dried in the sun; our egg sham-
po> will restore sunburnt hair to Its natural
color. . •
LA VERITE MILK TREATMENT.
Excels all others for complexion; by the
steaming process opens the pores and removes
all imperfections of the skin, such as black-
beads, pimples, tan and sunburn; we guarantee
to do this, or refund the money. -
Monday, our bargain day, we will offer
natural curly bangs at 50 cents up. Free trial
of La Verlte Rob Roy Lotion. "
MRS. L. J. WHEELOCK, Prop.
1140 Market st, opposite Hale's.
FREE— Success in life can only be obtained
through Influence; will send absolutely free
a 100-page book which explains all the secrets
of -hypnotism, personal magnetism and mag-
netic healing; tells howto euro diseases and
bad habits, enables you to win and hold the
love and respect of others; . anybody can
learn In a few days; we guarantee success;
write to-day. Address New York Institute
of Science. Dept. 117 T, Rochester, , N. Y. -
A— EPWORTH ' Leaguers' downtown - meeting
place at the. Bon-Ton at S24 Post st, near
Powell. Luxurious reading-room; writing
facilities. Dainty tea served every afternoon.
Everything free. Manicuring, halt-dressing or
baths. 25c. All visitors welcome.
A— IF you balr Is falling or you are bald, call
on DP. G. 8. MOORE, 483 Geary St., and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy Is posi-
tively guaranteed: preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
JULY 11. 1901.— I hereby give notice that I will
not be responsible for any debts contracted by
my wife, IDA B. LAUGHLAND, a's she has
left 'my bed and board. : : : '. .
. WM. LAUGHLAND.
ELECTRIC light ; in every, room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st, near Market; 700 rooms;
ir,c to $150 per. night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
RAG carpets wove to order and for . sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer ¦ In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS, 709 Fifth. Oakland.
$1 - WEEKLY— Suits to order " from J genuine
Scotch, $15 ur; fine dress eulta,' $20 up; f ele-
gant overcoats, $15 up. - LEON LEMOS, 1117
.' Market st,, \ between Seventh and Eighth.: < ,
.PERSONALS — Continued.
CANCER cured at home by internal treatment;
no knife, plaster or pain; - book and teeti-
' monlals mailed free. '••• Cancer Institute, 121
West Forty-second St.. N. Y.
ALL scalp* and hair diseases cured; hair grown
on bald heads and gray restored; shampooed
hair . dried by the sun. E. R. DUNLAP. 34
• Kearny st. . - .
PROFESSIONAL chiropodist with satisfactory
references. '. lady preferred, can ! find space at
the La Verlte Hairdressing Parlors, 1140 Mar-
ket st.
YOUNG -man of means, stranger, wishes to
meet refined and handsome young lady; ob-
Ject, matrimony.. C. ,B., box 3735, Call office
WONDERFUL clairvoyant; tells everything;
money back if not true; send 10c and birthday.
Prof. J. Myers, Lincoln Park Stn., Chicago.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, Blhgie, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St., near Broadway.
HIGH-CLASS violin lessons; agreeable method
. for beginners. ANTOINE MEDEft, . 320 Van
Ness ave. • • , . .
Ladles' and gents' cast-oft clothing bought and
sold. J.Sllverman, 9S4 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
WANTED— To correspond with respectable
young lady; object matrimony. Box 3585, Call.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. S36 Mission st.
MATERNITY Villa— Strictly private; terms
reas. Mrs. Dr. Funke, 1416 Sth St., Alameda.
SPANISH lessons given by a native Spanish
teacher. 513 McAllister st.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
POISON oak cured in one application or no pay;
satisfaction guaranteed. 469 Hayes st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter. Bt.
TAILOR made suits, $7 50; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL, 817 Market Bt.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. ©"DONNELL^-Office and residence.
1021 Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr.. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; sanitarium,
764-766 Clay St.; see testimonials at office.
• PILES.
NEARLY 10OO permanent cures here in your
midst; many who have suffered 20 to 30 years;
over 60 names of prominent business men
sent as reference; no chloroform, surgery or
delay from business, and no salves for sale.
Particulars address Physician, box 1950 Call
office. S. F.. Cal.
PROPERTY WANTED.
HAVE you a vacant lot to sell? I want to
build a home; state price and location of lot.
Box 4414, Call ofHce.
HAVE you vacant property for sale? I can
deal with you If price and location are right.
Box 4413. Call office.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
$22,500— RENT $210; east of Van Ness ave.'; 6
handsome new flats, 7 rooms, bath, etc.;
modern, light and sunny; lot more than
50x100; this Is the best investment on
the market.
$6,800— Rent $64; 3 handsome new flats on Fol-
Bom, close to Tenth; contain 5 rooms
and bath each; fine investment.
$5,500 — ?7S0 cash; Lyon, near Oak; 10 rooms and
bath; handsome home.
$3,250— Laurel, near, Sacramento; bay-window
cottage, 7 rooms and bath ; extra high
basement; at small outlay building could
be changed into fiats; must be sold. -
$2,250 — $300 cash; new house, 5 rooms and bath;
Nome ave., near Eighteenth and Dan-
vers sts. • . »
$3,250 — Rent $32 50; splendid Investment; busi-
ness property in Mission; store and flat
In good condition; must be sold.
$7,250 — Rent ?S10 per annum; handsome new
. flats, close to Park; contain 6 and 7
rooms; all the latest conveniences.
$10,000 — Corner , of Fillmore and Page; 63x120;
fine place for flats. . .
$2,850 — Cottage 6 rooms and basement, I near
Waller and Clayton sts. ; In splendid
condition.- . . • ¦ -,
A GOOD INVESTMENT.
$5,570— Rent $60;- 4. flats, well located at the
. Mission; lot 80x114. of which 40x114 is
vacant; very cheap.
$4,100— Rent $41; store and two flats on Fran-
• ¦ cisco st. ; good building; always rented.
$7,750— Rents $73; Powell et.; . lot . 40xb7:6;
stores, rooming-house above.
$11,000 — Large corner on Octavla St., near Page:
lot 50x90; Improvements rented for $S0;
offer wanted. . - • .
$9,000— Post '-st, near Larkin; good 2-stciry
house; 10 rooms and bath; has two
¦ frontages; fine place for a doctor. ¦"
$5,000— Rent $45; cheapest flat3 in city; Park
Panhandle district; 2 flats, 5 and 6
rooms and bath each; lot 23x137:6; over-
. _ looks the Park. . " . .
LYON & HOAG,
114 Montgomery street
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.).
613 CALIFORNIA STREET.
IMPROVED.
$12.000— Union St., near Taylor; 25:9x128:9; 3
modern flats and rear house; rents $99 60.
$11.000— Corner Folsom and Erie sts.; 30x143;
3 flats; rents $78.
$10,000— O'Farrell 6t.. near Larkln; 25x120 to
rear street; house of 10 rooms.
$8000 — Pacific St., near Powell; 40x60; store
and 2 flats; rents $69.
$5500— Buchanan st., near Post; 24xS7:6; house
of 7 rooms and bath; rent $35. .
$5000— Corner Leavenworth and Francisco; 70
x87:6;~*»story residence of 11 rooms and bath.
$5000 — Leavenworth, near Union; 25x112:6; 3
new flats; rents $41.
$5C0O— Corner Leavenworth st. and Broadway,
cottage and 2 flats; rents $11.
$4500 — Guerrero _st., near Twenty-fifth; 24:6x
125; house of 8 rooms and bath.
$3500— Harriet St., near Bryant; 25x75; 3-story
building; rents $37.
$3500— Lyon. near Sutter, 25x119:3; house of 8
rooms.
$3350— Clementina Bt, near Sixth; 20x80; house
of 6 rooms and bath; rent $25. i
UNIMPROVED.
$5500— Greenwich Bt.. near Taylor: 45:10x127:6.
$5000 — Capp, near Twenty-fifth; 65x115.
$4800— Union St., near Webster; 68:9x137:6."
Corner 19th ave. and Clement; 200x120.
$4000— Cor. . Jones and Filbert; 25x70. ' '
$S5G0— Fulton st, near Fillmore; 32:6x137:6.
$3050 — Laguna St., near Page: 25x100. >
J250O— Corner Thirtieth and Dolores; 26:6x100.
$1250 each— Polk, near Chestnut; 3 lots, 27:6
x?7:6. ' .
f 11C0 — Francisco, near Leavenworth: 25x102.
400 lots, $200 to $400; terms easy; electric road
passes. . '
$4000 EACH— 2 new houses, 7 rooms and bath;
everything up-to-date; big lot; Castro, not far
from Market St.; will be finished In 2 weeks.
$3000— House, 9 rooms and bath; stable for
six horses; lot 60x134; mortgage of $2100 can re-
main; buy, now is your time. .
S8500— Corner lot, ,55xS0; 3 stores, 3 flats; rent
$80; building good as new; a bargain.
House. 30 rooms and baths; rent $S0; lot 25x
75; 100 feet from Sixth st., near Market.
$4500— Two splendid flats In MlEsion; rent $50;
north of Twenty-first Et.; must sell.
$3500— House of 15 rooms and bath; good im-
provements; lot 25x75; Clara st, bet. Third and
Fourth. ' • '
$6000— What do you think of this?— 3 flats, S
and 6 rooms and bath; rent $60; lot 25x105;
Valencia and. Fourteenth sts. .
$1500— Acre of land, O'cean View.
HEALY & GILLESPIE, 630 Market st. - ' :
_____————— __ „ .
$1600— Modern house of 6 rooms and bath; fine
view of ocean; . free water; one block
from car line; monthly payment," $22 40;
no payment down. ' ¦
$6000— Beautiful modern residence of 8 rooms
and bath ; conservatory ; stable and other
buildings; lawn; flowers and' shrubbery;,
lot- 100x122 feet; small, payment down;
balance monthly. : :
SUNNYSIDE.
$1000 — House of 7 rooms and bath; no payment
down; $14 per month will buy It; this is
• a rare opportunity. '
$1250- : -Deslrable home of 6 rooms and bath; no
•: payment down; monthly payment is
: .. $17 BO.-- : ¦¦-.;¦ .¦," . . ¦ . :
$1200— Two-story frame • Building; , upstairs 6-
; 'room flat; first floor rented steady at $8
per month; $100 down, • balance $15 40 per
month. .The income- from this property
. ' will- nearly pay for it. ¦
$2400— No. 3508 Mission st", store in front, with
• living rooms In rear. ...
\ . All the above properties were taken by
'¦ , mortgage foreclosure and are ; bargains. .
A. E. RUDELL, 222 Sansome St.. S. F.
RARE • DOWNTOWN- CORNER • INVEST-
\ ' MENT. - ..'
1- Block From "Baldwin Hotel Site and TIvoll
$72,000 refused 1 years ago for this property;
2 stores and 2 lodging-houses; .60 * feet front-
age; will pay 6 per. cent net on $75,000.
For further particulars apply to
• . V A. M. SPECK,
>'. -vV/-- ¦ -.V---..S '¦•¦ '¦ -.' - ,.'¦" 667 : Market :. st. .-
SELECT your, lot anywhere, we will buy It for
¦ you, i erect i a house to suit and sell ltto you
3 on : very easy terms. . THE ¦¦ MCCARTHY CO.,
646 Market st. ' '.', . , :i .
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, - - '. ¦
• -..-.:. : .10 Montgomery Street.
PARK LODGE CORNER.
PARK. I 'I PARK.
' STANTAN STREET. . ¦'
100 ~
. - ¦¦ ¦ '" / ¦'°'
'¦ ' : ¦¦ .-¦ ¦'. .. . S m . .
¦ • . ¦ ¦ ¦ w g
- — : _ '$
PRICE ONLY $15, 000. .
. Biz© 100x100 feet.
$6500~RENTS $56.
Vicinity of Filbert and Mason sts.: lot J3xl*>
to Valparaiso St.; 3-separate flats and house of
6 rooms and bath. ¦ - . *> -
' GROVE-STREET INVESTMENT.
' $7730— Rents $80 per month; Grove St., near
New City Hall; lot 25x120 to rear street; front
and rear fiats.
LARKIN-STREET FLATS.
. $6150 — Rents $62 50 per month; 3 separate flats
of 6 and 6 rooms and bath each; always rented;
well located; must be sold.
' ELLIS-STREET RESIDENCE.
$S500 — Ellis St.. near Pierce; house of 10 rooms
and bath: lot 27:6x137:6.
BAKER-STREET CHEAP FLATS.
$5000— Two flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath
each; lot 23x52:6; rents $41 50; near California.
ONLY $100 CASH— BALANCE MONTHLY.
New modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath:
high basement: porcelain bath and sink; ce-
ment trays; large lot; double frontage, size 25x
153; Sliver ave.'; 1 block from Mlssion-st. elec-
tric cars; price only $liC0.
HAYES-STREET BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$21,E00— Not far from Market st. ; large lot to
rear street; 37x120; stores and fl_ts; rents well.
NINTH-STREET BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$6000-Only $2000 cash; lot 25x100; house of 9
rooms and bath; near Folsom st.
' SACRIFICE— OAK-STREET FLATS.
$52CO — Owner anxicus to sell; 2 modern flats
of 6 rooms and bath each; high basement; Oak
st, near Buchanan; can be had at a bargain.
. ONLY" $18oO-COTT AGE.
$1S5O— Turk-st cottage of 4 rooms and base-
ment; rents $11 per month; lot 24x137:6. \
CORNER STORE AND FLAT.
$7500— Corner McAllister and Stanyan sts. ;
store and 5 rooms and bath below; upper flat of
9 rooms and bath; old established grocery and
bar. ' .
$12,000— RENTS $110 PER MONTH.
$12,000 — Shrader St., near Haight: 4 separate
flats; rents $110 per month; large lot 40x106:3.
MISSION COTTAGE— $1200.
$1200— 4-room cottage on Diamond St., near
Twentieth; lot 27:6xlC0. -
DOWN-TOWN MODERN FLATS.
$21,000— Rents $2160 per year; lot 27:6x120 to
rear street; modern building of 3 flats; near
O'Farrell and Larkin sts.
See this to-day; elegant corner flats at a
sacrifice; only $1500 cash needed: this. is the
cheapest property offered in the city to-day; S
large elegant corner flats, 28 feet frontage; sun
in every room;, interior finished without regard
to cost: large plate-glass doors, porcelain tubs,
nickel-plated plumbing, natural wood mantels,
ingrain paper and lincrusta work throughout;
rents $70; price $6000.
LOCATION
Southeast corner Sanchez and Clipper sts.;
Mission and Twenty-second and Castro st. cars;
owner on premises to-day.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
.10 Montgomery st.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery street, S. F.
MAGNIFICENT HOME.
On Pacific Heights; modern residence of- 16
rooms, completely and elegantly furnished;
marine view; will sell furnished or unfurnished;
price, with furniture. $35,000.
THREE GOOD FLATS.
Near Buchanan st ; 5 rooms and bath each;
modern flats and up-to-date; rented at $40
month; renta are very, low; should rent $50; a
quick sale desired; price $4500.
A FINE CORNER.
*Near Market st, downtown; store and 8 flats,
all in first-class repair; new sanitary plumb-
ing; always rented $103 monthly; price $15,000.
VALLEJO STREET. -
Modern residence of 9 rooms; flnely finished
throughout; splendid marine view; price $13,500.
BUSH STREET.
Three-story brick building, stores below,
rooms above; 4 tenants; rented for $290; lot 35
xl37:6; price $40,000.
NEW HOME. /
On Castro »t., near Twentieth,' 7 rooms and
bath; all latest, modern Improvements, $1000
cash, balance on time; price $4000. :
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
-Northwest corner; good location; broadside to
sun; 10 rooms; only $7500.
PANHANDLE DISTRICT.
Three fine, new, modern flats, Just built; T
rooms each; price $12,500.
SOUTH OF, MARKET.
Two buildings on Clara St.; rent- $28; price
$2C0O. , .
HOWARD STREET.
Three flats on Howard st., between Twelfth
and Thirteenth; 7, 6 and 5 rooms; rent $63;
lot 25x137:6; price $7000.
MENLO PARK RESIDENCE-
With 20 aores of beautiful grounds, to rent;
everything elegant; tent $175 monthly.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery St., j
_j . San Francisco.
MADISON & BURKE,
ESTABLISHED JANUARY. 1858.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
626 Market St.. opp. Palace Hotel.
¦ Geary st., inside Larkin; 50x137:6; partially
Improved; only $25,000; cheapest offering on the
street.
Cheap— O'Farrell St., near i Devlsadero: con-
¦ tains 6 rooms and bath and stable; rents $25;
only J29C0.
$56CO— Broadway, near Octavla St.; 7 rooms
and bath; a nice home in choice section; lot
26x131.
Two flats — Clinton . Park, near Dolores St.;
rent J340 per year; price only $3500.
$43W> — Twentieth st,. near Valencia; 8 rooms
and bath and stable: lot 2Sxll4. - "
$15,000— Beautiful • modern - house In the best
part of the marine view section of the city.
$S5C0 — Pays $78 per month; flats; Scott, near
Ellis; 31x137:6. ' . .
$7500— Seventeenth St., near Dolores; flats;
well rented; 35x57:6. »
$2750— Corner Sanchez and Jersey sts.; lot 80x
100, with four-room house. - . v
J2500— Twenty-fifth st., near Sanchez; 6 rooms
and bath. S - . - ' - .¦
$3000— Morris ave.. near Bryant St.; double
house; rents $24; lot 25x75.
$4500 — Folaom St.. near Eighth; 25x90; two
houses at $16 each: total $32.
J80CO— Natoma Bt., cor. Russ; elegant Income
property; 25x75.- . |
$6iOO— Pine Bt.i near Scott; two flats; rents
$57 60; lot 23x137:6.
Laundry building with two flowing -wells of
Al water, tanks, barn and lot 168x120, on north
line of Lombard St., bet. Fillmore and Stelnex;
also lot 152x120 on Chestnut St., In rear; rents
$73 per month; must be sold on account of non-
residence, .
. $ZCCO— Cheap; Sixth st., near Brannan; 8 flats;
there Is a good future for this property. .
$7000— Harriet St., near Howard; - lot 50x75,
holding- frontage to Sixth Bt. ; rent $50. :
$1000 — Leavenworth Et.", near Jackson; 8 rooms
and bath; 22:6x115. »
$1950— Florida St., npar Twenty-fifth; cottage,
5 rooms and bath; lot 20x100.
MADISON & MUKKK. 626 Market st.
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG,
¦ .. REAL ESTATE AGENTS. ., •
Houses Rented, Rent3 Collected . and Full
Charge Taken of Property. -
1 . - 624 Market et.
$54,000— Mission St., close to Sth, ' lot . 67:6x160
feet through to Minna St.; old Improvements
on same; rents 1 $150 per month; this Is an ele-
gant location- for hotel and stores. .• v
$22,SG0 — Choice residence, on Pacific ave., near
Franklin st.: contains 10 rooms and bath; mod-
ern In every re?pect. v ¦ , . . -.- n ¦ , : .
• $20,0fX>— Choice water -lot on the north line of
Howard st., close to Steuart St., 45:10x137:6 feet.
JSoO per front foot; 3 choice lots on the north
tide of Pacific ave. : size 40x47:6x50 feet; by
137:6 feet in depth; these are the choicest lots
on ; Pacific ave. ; : .
$85CO— 3 choice flats or. Jackson st:, near Brod-
erick st.. 6-7-8 rooms . and bath; rents $80 per
month; lot 25x127:8% feet. : , .
•gOOO— 2 new flats on Frederick St., near Ash-
bury; 6 and 7, rooms and bath; open plumbing;
rents $70 per month:""'- .:>.-• . . , .
J6700— Choice 9-rodlw ¦" residence . on Leaven-
worth St., near Washington; rented at present
for J45 per month; modern In every respect. >.
$5750— Choice modern : up-to-date residence on
Sacramertto st. ; 10 , rooms . and bath; porcelain
tubs and sink;. 'open plumbing; natural wood
mantels; lot 23x117 :« feet. .
• JS3000 — Choice lot on , the north line of Cali-
fornia St.; lot 25x127 feet. . ¦ ; ¦.•¦..
$1SOO— Choice cottage on 5th ave.. near Point
Lobos; '4 rooms and bath; solid cement founda-
tion; built one year. ¦ '
Further particulars of ¦ BOVEE, TOY - &
SONNTAG.: ; •¦:¦"•.'
$30,000— RENTS $200 per month; business cor.;
Western Addition; stores and fiats; new bulld-
¦ lnev *• ¦ - .-. -' ' ¦• .¦"-¦¦.- ...•-- . '
¦. $20.000— Cheap corner; Drumm, nr. Market.
' $25, COO— Imp' d cor. on' Powell st. ; rents $2000
per annum; 8 houses and lot, 87 ft. front. .-
- $6000— Flats ; on Fell St., west of Baker.
. :$4000 — Modern 7- room, house ; Castro, nr. 20th.
: . $2900 — Rents $30 mo. ; 3d. and Brannan.
$3000— New cottage, 6 rooms; W. A:; 1-3 cash.
$20,000— Fine residence; 14" rooms; lot 90x120.
$9750-^ new flats;; Page St., near the Park.
v$4500- ; -Two modern flats of B and 6 rooms.'
JEROME ENGLISH. 11 Montgomery, st. V
WANTED— Old buildings to be removed, build-
ing material any description.- Dolan Building
Supply, Co., 1611, Market; tel:. Howard 1 2436.*
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR 8 ALJB.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.
638 MARKET STREET.
MUST BE SOLD. "
$4,500— Make offer; fine home of 7 rooms and
bath in the best . portion • of Pacific
Heights; fine marine view; owner going
North, wishes a quick sale; $3000 can
remain on mortgage flat loan.
FURNISHED WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
. DENCE.
$16,000— Fine large modern residence; up to date
, in every respect; elegantly furnished;
10 rooms and bath; north side of street;
key lot; plenty of light and sun; Wash-
ington St., near Fillmore; 27x1:27 :SVi feet.
DOWN TOWN MODERN FLATS.
$21,500— Three handsome new up to date flats
. of 9 rooms and bath each; north side of
street; present rental $1930 per annum;
O'Farrell St., near Jones; will consider
part trade in Park Panhandle lots; £Sx
137:6 feet.
PARK PANHANDLE FLATS.
$10,000 — Three new modern flats on north side
. ; .. of street; on Fell St.; 5-5-8 rooms and
bath; pays $060 per annum; gilt edge
property; always rented; 25x137:6.
MISSION INVESTMENT.
$6,500— Three-story house of 18 rooms and bath
and two modern flats 5-4 rooms and
bath; north side of Nineteenth st., near
Valencia; rents $660 per annum; In good
condition and always rented.
I '¦ ; ¦
WESTERN ADDITION HOME.
$5,000— Modern house of 8 rooms and bath on
north side of California St.. near Devlsa-
dero; lot 25x92:2^£ feet; recently reduced
from $5500. • .
BEAUTIFUL SITES FOR FLATS.
$3,600—33 feet in the famous Mission warm
belt; north side of street; two car lines
• half block; on Twenty-third St., near
Guerrero.
= •
REDUCED TO FORCE SALE.
$5,000 — Two sir ell flats of 5-6 rooms near Sev-
enth and Folsom sts.; pays $510 per an-
num; built one year; cost $6250.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S Market at.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., .
633 MARKET STREET.
BARGAINS. SNAPS.
. ESTATES. < FORECLOSURES.
ALL MUST BE SOLD.
AUCTION.
AUCTION. »
/ « ATTr"7*Trk\r
*/ «X \J \*> X JLU*i •
TUESDAY, July 16. 1901,
At Our Salesroom, 12 O'clock M.
6::s Market St.
DOWN TOWN INVESTMENT.
South' side (625) Post St.. 30:2 feet west of
William; two stores and two flats. 7 rooms
and bath each; rents $107 50 per month; lot
28x70. feet.
GUARDIANSHIP SALE.
North side (2408) Washington St.. 95 feet west
of Webster; elegant residence. 9 rooms and
bath; modern in every respect and all material
of the finest; lot 25x92 :4'£ feet.
WESTERN ADDITION INVESTMENT.
Southwest corner (1223) Webster and Ellis
sts.; two stores and 6 rooms, 2 flats 6-3 rooma
and bath each; rents $1140 per annum: three
frontages; lot 37:6xS7:6 feet.
ELLIS STREET INVESTMENT.
Kouth side (1253) Ellis St., 192:6 feet west of
Octavla, through to Willow ave.; house 8
rooma and two rear houses 6 rooms and bath
each; rents $54 per month; lot 27:6x120 feet.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
South side (1815) Broadway. 155 feet west of
Gough st. : modern residence 14 rooms and bath ;
lot 42:9xim feet; porcelain bath; stationary
washsiands in every room; cement wash trays,
etc.; newly painted and tinted throughout.
SACRAMENTO STREET CORNER.
Southwest corner Sacramento st. and Pros-
pect place; lot 30x46 feet; house 8 rooms; rents
$12 a month.
SHIPLEY STREET FLATS.
North side (220) Shipley st.. 150 feet west of
Fifth; two flats. 4 rooms and bath each and
rear house 3 rooms; rents $23 per month; al-
ways rented; lot 25x75 feet.
HARRIET STREET INVESTMENT.
East sHe (Nos. 419 to 425) Harriet St., 100 feet
south of Brannan; two front houses, 16-8 rooms
and rear house 6 rooms; rents $524 per annum;
lot 50x80 feet.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
Estate of James McCarty, deceased.
Southeast side (211) Shipley st.. 91:8 feet west
Fifth; house 8 rooms; under instructions
from the executors must be sold; lot 16:8x75
feet.. ., _ •
FORECLOSURE SALS.
East side (SI) Chattanooga st.. 234 feet north
of Twenty-second; a cozy cottage of 5 rooms
and bath; Mission warm belt; rents $12 per
month; lot 25x123 feet.
For further particulars, terms, of sale, etc..
procure catalogues at our office and on the
property. EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
¦¦ ¦¦ ¦ 638 Market st.
F. B.' SURRYHNE,
Real Estate Asent,
138 Montgomery st. . ,
$5500— Pine St., close to Van Ness av>. ; old
improvements; rents nominal; lot 25x120 to a
rear street; splendid location to improve with
3 flats; want an offer.
$6500— Rents $60 per month; 4 tenements on
Eddy St., near Buchanan; lot 25x120 to a rear
street; a good buy.
$6500— Bush St.. Inside of Larkln; 3 flats;
rants $55 per month.
$10,000— An offer wanted: splendid corner on
Howard st.; 2 good houses of 8 rooms and
bath each, renting for $62 50 per month; lot
40x90.
$8500 — Eighth st., short distance from Mar-
ket; store and 2 flats and rear building; rents
$C3 60; lot 25x137:6.
$7750— Guerrero St.; 3 elegant flats: rents $65
per month.
$7500— Possibly a little less: 2 good flats and
rear house; a corner on Buchanan st. ; rents
$61 50. ¦
$40CO— Rents $42; 3 good flats on Shotwell St.;
lot 25x120.. ,
$5250— Rents $45; 2 splendid flats on Folsom
St.; lot 25x122:6. !
$20,000 — Want an offer; corner on California
st. ; store and apartment house: rents $130 net.
$15,000— Four splendid flats; Geary st. ; rents
$112 per month: lot 45x120 to a rear street. ,
$15,0(MV— Rents $120; 4 beautiful flats on a
corner near, the Park.
$12,E00— Rents ?100: swell flats In the Western
Addition; aristocratic neighborhood.
$65CO— Near Geary and Scott: 2 nice flats and
rear house: rents $30 per month.
HAWKS & SKELTON.
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken
.-¦of Property.
$3000 — Home in Mission warm belt: San Car-
los ave.. near Mission and Twentieth: 7 rooms
and bath; street bltufnlnlzed; sidewalk con-
crete.
$4000— Green, close to Hyde-st. cars; nice home
of 7 rooms: fine view of bay. _
Choice lots: Hyde and Francisco: 13 minutes
from our office; superb view of tay; corner;
35x112; *3£00; inside lots, $1750.
$3000— Lot on south side Chestnut St., west of
Hyiip; 27:6x110: fine view of bav. • •
' $120(V— Lot - Stockton, near Chestnut; 22x65;
flat3 here will, pay big Income.
< $15C0— Cheap lot: Rufsell, near Hyde and
Union; 49x60; will pay well if improved; make
an oiter. ¦
$1500— Lot on north stde Fulton, near First
ave.: facing- park: on car line.
HAWKS & SKELTON, 323 Montgomery st.
SPECIAL. BARGAINS. '
$12,000— Southeast corner, east of Larkln, south
of Bu*h; fine modern 3-story building.
store and 2 flats; building alone cost
$14.0C0; sold for amount of bank rnort-
' gsg-e.
$9,250-60xl22:fi; Mission-st. business -property.
$17,500— Elegant new residence, 12 rooms, 3
baths; every modern convenience; un-
obstructed marine view; Pacific, near
Scott.
Improved and unimproved property In all
parts of the city; easy terms. - %
DAVIDSON & LEIGH. 30 Montgomery st.
CONTRACT let for a new 5-room house on 23d
St.. near Douglass, Heyman Tract; plan 'at
office. - ¦¦ -
Also 2 new four-room houses on Lundy st..
near Mlssion-st. carhouse.
$750— Will sell or lease, 4 lots, 100x120, front-
ing Ocean Boulevard, near Park, for a nice
. hotel. - ¦ ¦ Va«SM!9e iti lfi_fW*^Sfc*=-»
¦ For sale-^-2 flat house, near Ocean Beach,
47th ave. and J St.; lot 50x85; very reasonable.
' $J50— Lots fronting San Jose ave. and elec-
. trie road. .
$750 — Cor. " lots, 85x93. fronting San Jose ave.
and electric road.- -
- . $250— Lots,' 25x114. on 23tn st., , near Dia-
mond. , . '¦. / •
Park lots, south side, $1CO and $130 and up-
ward. • '_ - - -."¦•-¦
¦ \ *450— North of Park, near Chutes. 25x120.
.- $50— Lnts Elmhurst railroad . station, , near
Oakland; $1 down and tl per month.
¦ ¦-;-¦, JACOB HEYMAN. ,117, Sutter st.
$1350— CHICKEN i ranch, z blocks > from the
.-street car, near Silver- ave.: 5 level lots; new
4-room cottage; chick* n houses, barns; a good
"! well : of > water; $300 can remain on mortgage.
S. DUCAS. 646 Market st. /
REAL* ESTATE— CITY— FOB SALB.
SHAINWALD. BTJCKB-TB & CO..
KSAL ESTATE AGENTS.
213-220 Montgomery Street.
WA—NTJT-ST. LOT.
12000— Best buy In the Presidio Heights dis-
trict.
RESIDENCE NEAR TOWN.
J3000— Leaveaworta St., near Clay; lot 38x100
feet.
CORNER. NEAR MARKET AND SEVENTH.
$30,000— Lot 75x125 feet; good Improvements;
renting for $223; for full particulars call
at office.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
K0CO — Clay st.. near Baker; 2 modern flats: 8
and 7 rooms and bath; lot 27:4 feet
front; a rare chance.
J23.0C0— Splendid business corner; clos* to City
Hall; transfer point: substantially im-
proved and in fine condition; rent $20O
month; always rented; large lot. >
ASHBURT HEIGHTS FLATS. -
15500— Modern improvements; renting for $53 M
per month; lot 29 :8 feet front.
FINE BUILDING LOT.
|320O-Near 16th and Mission sts.; lot (5x100 ft.
MISSION INVESTMENT.
112,500— NTV\ corner, nr. 24th and Valencia, sts.1
3 flats and house; lot SS:4x72:«ft feet.
BIG BARGAIN.
$28,000— Northeast corner Sixth and Clementina
sts.; lot 25xS0:6 feet: two stores with 23
rooms above; rent $160.
LOOK AT THIS TO-DAY.
$1S5O— Cost $4000; bay-window cottags of six
rooms, bath and basement: 3843 Twen-
ty-first St.. between Church and San-
chez; lot Sftxlll feet; a great chanoa to
get a house.
MARINE VIEW-BROADWAY.
$14,000— North side of Broadway, near Laguna:
residence of 9 rooms and bath: lot 32:6x
137:6 feet, with unobstructed marina
view.
ELEGANT MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS DISTRICT.
$20,0C0 — First floor, living-room, finished in
' Spanish cedar, dining room in oak.
.kitchen and butler's pantry; second
floor, five bedrooms and bath, porcelain
tub; attic, four bedrooms and bath, un-
finished attic for trunks: basement floor
concrete; two finished rooms; laundry,
wfne closet, furnace room.
SACRAMENTO-ST. LOT.
I1S0O— North line, near Laurel st.; lot 25x100
feet; street work all done; very good
neighborhood. . -
PAGE-ST. CORNER. '!z. ¦-'•? % '¦&
U5.0CO— New flats; rents $112 50 monthly; a very
-~—~ good investment; 6 tenants in all; lot
37:6x112:6 feet; rents are low and can
be increased.
SANSOME-ST. CORNER. *il<
$15,000— Two-story building; rents fUO; •_ fore-
closure sale.
THIS IS A BARGAIN.
JS50O— Northeast corner Central ave. and Clay
St.; lot COxlCO feet.
__H "
LOOK AT THIS INVESTMENT. ¦
$22.500— O'Farrell ¦ St., near Hyde; two houses;
rents $110; lot 45 feet front; a pocjhivo
bargain and must be sold.
VAN NESS, NEAR PACIFIC.
$S500— Van Ness ave. residence; bargain; lot
alone worth the price: contains 9 rooms
and bath; near Pacific ave.; lot 23x100
feet.
INVESTMENT-PAYS 14 PER CENT.
$7000— Rents $92 per month; south of Market
St.. between Third and Fourth; call at
our office for full description.
, SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO.,
218-220 Montgomery st. Mills bldg.
ALL Genuine Bargains In This List.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
. $1300 — Eight-room house on Union st.
$1500— Five-room cottage near Buchanan st.
$1600— 7-roora house on Broadway; a snap.
$2200— Three flats near Mason and. Sutter
sts.; rents $21. . - -
$2500 — Stora and four rear Uvins-rooma on
Mission st.
$2400— Five-room cottage, half a block from
Ninth and Market sts.
$3300 — Store, flat and house: rents $38; near
Fourth and Mission sts.
$3750— Two nice flats near Hyda and Califor-
nia sts.; rent3 $37.
$$500— Ashbury-st. residence of 10 rooms,
strictly modern: magnificent view.
$11,000— Choice flats near Golden Gate Park;
rents $140: lot 50-foot front; third cash.
$15,000— Eight modern fiats on corner near
Larkln St.; all rented for $145.
$13,500— Grand investment; modern improve-
ments: lot 70- foot front; near Jonea st. ; rent*
$170; all rented.
$15,500 — Near Stockto— st.; one tenant; rent
$120; lot 35-foot front.
$18,000— Howard Bt., near Fourth; modern,
four-story building: safe business investment.-
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market St.
HEADQUARTERS FOR* PARK LOTS. . j
Bargains in Sunset. See- them at once.
Sunset Branch Office. 9th ave.. near H st.
$500 to $900 each— Graded and sewered; build-
ing up fast; superb view of park and ocean j
$10 monthly.
$1CO, $150. $200 to $330— Choicest ocean boula-
vard lots, ready to build on; $5 monthly. '
$73. $100 to $230-Level lots near Mlssion-st.
cars; sdendld bargains, for choice homes; $3
monthly.
CHOICEST RICHMOND LOTS.
$400 to $800— W« never fall to suit; on caoio.
est streets: on very easy terms.
- $1000. $1350. $2000 to $3500— Elegant cottages In
Richmond, Sunset and Mission districts; ail
bargains; on Installments.
BOL GETZ & BROTHER.
54 Chronicle building.
A.E. BUCKINGHAM Real Estat*
26 Montgomery st.. Room 11.
$16,500—75 ft. on 'Mission st. and Impts. for
factory; rents $112; bargain.
$4S50 — Stylish new flats. 4 and 5 rooms; very
sunny; rents $40: Twenty-third St.
$12.000— Stylish new flats; Hayes st.; flna lo-
' cation; rents $115.
$3750—2 flats, 4 and, 5 rooms; Baker at-t
renti $41.
$3000— Modern 4 and 5 room flats; California
st. and Eighth ave.; rents $30.
$2150— Snap: Clay-st. lot. 25x100; north side;
fine residence location.
$6000— Bargain; Howard, nr. Sth; bus. prop.
PARK LOTS— $500-SUXSET HEIGHTS.
$825-LOTS ON EASY TERMS-SUNSET
HEIGHTS.
Eleventh ave.. between H and I sts., near
entrance Park music stand; cars pass prop-
erty. ; ; ,
$3000 Houses— easy terms — $3250; above block,
6 and 7 rooms, bath, etc; plans at office.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM. 26 Montgomery str.
room 11; branch office. Sunset, 1215 Ninth ave.
RAYMOND. BALDWIN & CO.. ~~~
Room 2. 7th floor. Mills bldg.
$75,000— Downtown business property; will pay
*H per cent net on long lease; substan-
tial Improvements.
$10,000 — Another' bargain: pays rally 9 per cent
• net: 6 substantial bay-window flats;
brick foundation, etc.: 39:6x97:5; on a
main street; inside of Taylor st.
$8,730— Eastlake flats; rents $840 'per annum:
- Webster st. : 2 modern flats of 9 and 8
rooms and bath each.
$8,000— Wholesale business district; 4-story
„ brick building and lot; rents, above
water. $60; a bargain, as it is bein?
. sold to close an estae.
$5,500 — Large corner; lot 137:6x120; good manu-
facturing site: -3 frontages.
ROSS VALLEY PARK.
SAN ANSELMO. MARIN COUNTY.
A beautiful subdivision in Ross Valley, close
to San Anselmo railroad station; lots 50x150;
fine graded roads; water pipes laid; open Iota
ami lots covered by flno natural trees; low
prices; easy terms.
RAYMOND. BALDWIN & CO.
W. F. AMBROSE & CO.. "
REAL ESTATE BROKERS.
41 and 42 Chronicle Building.
MUST BE SOLD.
CHEAPEST BUY ON EARTH— Only $700 cash
required- business property; stora and 4 rooms
in rear; high basement; driveway extra large:
lot 33x125 on Valencia st.; the continuation of
Market st. and the only outlet to San Fran-
cisco; bank mortgage of $2300 can remain. < -
$3,«S00— Baker-st. corner near Golden Gate Park;
choicest location . In Western Addition
for flats; 25x100.
$20.000— Howard st.. near Second; 35x80: sub-
stantial 3-story building; rents $90. '
CHEAP LOTS.
$2,200— McAllister, near Baker: 23x137:8.
$1.100— Church, near Eighteenth; 27x33.
$900— Colllngwood. near Eighteenth; 27:8xlCS.
$2,150— Stelner, near Wallrr: 25xM:6. .
W. F. AMBROSE & CO..
. : - ' . 41 and 42 Chronicle Bnlldlng.
___________
$3750— A fine Mission home, costing . $4500, H
offered at a big: reduction as owner has
to leave; - on Liberty, near Guerrero; t
rooms and bath. ,
$1650— A Fancheas-st. cottage, near 26th St.;
graded, sewered and macadamized; a
nice home of 5 rooms and bath; brick
foundations all hard finished. .¦
*225 — Cheap lot on Moultrle. near •Cortland.
$35O-rCheapest lot on Holly- Park.' Crescent
ave.. near Mission; worth $G0O. *
McEWEN BROS.. US Montgomery st.
MODERN flats on Capp. near 25th: up-to-date.'
HENRT FEIGE. builder. 1024 Capp st. -
For Additional Classified Advertise-
ments See Pago Thirty,!THE SAN FKANGISGO GALL; SUNDAY* JULY 14, 1901.
30
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms, and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
OXFORD. 271 O'Farrell— Furnished front suite
and single rooms, $3 week up; transient.
POWELL, 207 (changed hands)— Nicely fur-
. nished rms., en suite or sin.; baths; transient.
POWELL, 13 — Changed hands; rooms, $1 50 per
.week and up. . * .
PERRY. 39'i, 4 blocks from Market, near Third
— Two nice rooms, furnished; "private.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
. $8; month, $S to $30; elevator on ground floor;
'rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ROSEDALE, 321 Ellis— Pleasant sunny room*
at very reasonable prices.
PRIVATE family; 2 front rooms; use kitchen
and washing done; .$6; working lady. Box
-4468, Call. • _;•
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SHOTWELL, 227, nr. 17th— 3 sunny rooms, un-
furnished. .
SIENA House and saloon, 410-412 Broadway —
Most elegantly furnished sunny rooms in lo-
cality; rents reasonable; first-class attention.
SIXTH, 123%— Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms with gas, quiet respectable house;
cheap rent.
STEVENSON, 535'i— Furnished rooms' to let.
1 OR 2 unfurnished rooms. $3 50 (Tehama St.),
Inquire 81 Fourth st., spectacle stand.
VALENCIA. .1171— Furnished, large front rooms,
suitable for doctor or. dentist; references.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
$300d MORTGAGE foreclosing— Rich farm,
worth $70CO; oil in sight; sell for mortgage
and half of oil or lose all; $2000 can remain.
Box 3902. Call office.
VAN NESS ave., 1409— Three nicely furnished
rooms; rent cheap.
VAN NESS ave., 1407— Nicely . furnished sunny
rooms; board optional; reasonable.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
$1476— COTTAGE - of 6 rooms, bath, basement,
barn. Owner, 108 Fourth st.
VAN NESS ave., 1612— Elegant sunny alcove;
also room, newly furnished: private family.
$700— 5-ROOM house: lot 50x130; good well and
tank: $100 cash, balance $10 per month. «.
C. MORAN &. CO. ¦
BARGAIN— 50-acre farm near the . town of
Pleasanton. Alameda County; all level land:
house, barn, etc: a good home place and very
cheap: price {4000; easy terms If desired. H.
H. CRANE. 5CS California st.
$150 TO $500-Acre lots. W. C. MORAN &
CO. , .
$1 A WEEK— Sunny furnished room; also one
front room, closet, bath, $1 20. 834 Folsom st.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
BARGAIN— For sale or to rent. 4% acres 1
mile below San Mateo: level; can raise any-
thing: small house, etc.; fine climate. 207
Church st.. near Market, after 5 p. m.
AN exceptional table; pleasant rooms; good
service ; popular rates. 807 California st
$17 — 6-ROOM cottage; lawn; central.
$16 — 9 rooms; fine location; near train. ]
$9— 4-room cottage; near trains.
$38—12 rooms; elegant location:, lawn.
$15— Furnished cottage; right In town. P
$35—7 rooms nicely furnished: in town."
$62 — 10 rooms, furnished : finest location.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO., 1008 Broadway,
The House Renters of Oakland, Cal.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
FOR sale — 20 acres income bearing, well-kept
prune orchard, near Gilroy; a snap for ready
money. Lock box 222, Gilroy, Cal.
NEW 7-room. 2-6tory colonial house; large
rooms; fine mantel: electric fixtures; porce-
lain bath, laundry tubs; all fine open plumb-
ing- riJtht ud to date; only 2 minutes to R.
R station; lot 40x100: price. $2400. For terms
call cm J. R- PERKINS, Lorin station.
¦ Berkeley. ¦'
LAKE County ranch for sale; 160 acres; flee
crop of grain; plenty wood, water; near Clear
Lake. Address J. P. CRANE, Kelseyville.
$500— LOTS in "Wheeler Tract: 50x135; finest
view In Berkeley; street work all done. \V.
C. MORAN & CO., Lorin, and Schmidt block,
Berkeley. ?- ':¦!¦¦"- ' :; ¦ '- ; * ' : - -•
ALMOR A, Twentieth and Mission; warm belt;
new management; modern: sunny rooms; ta-
ble board; unexcelled. Tel. Church 1181.
UNRIVALED furnished rooms;" best corner In
Oakland; unsurpassed family tab'e, 25c per
meal; $4 per week; every accommodation and
attention. 1103V4 Broadway, cor. Twelfth St.,
third flat. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhads, the
furnifure dealer, 11th and Franklin. Oakland. 1
POWELL, 938 — A suite or single sunny - rooms
with or without board; three car lines.
ROOMS FOR^HOUSEKEEPING.
AUS'roFave., 102, off Polk St.— Three sunny
housekeeping rooms to let.
THE Victor, 1006 Pine— New management; thor-
oughly renovated; sunny suites with board.
BRANNAN, 729. near Sixth— 2 sunny furnished
-rooms for- housekeeping; rent $8. .
VAN NESS, 1407— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; good table; $25 to $30 per month.
HOTEL Repeller, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table '.special rates to tourists.
FIXE. new. up-to-date 8-room, 2-story colonial
bouse; porcelain bath, electric fixtures, man-
tel- a -fine, convenient home for somebody;
price $2500 for cash, or will exchange for
country or San Francisco property. J. R.
PERKINS. Lorin Btation, Berkeley, formerly
Oellerich, & Perkln6. " .". 1
ELLIS, 1478— Front and back parlor furnished.
CEDAR ave., near Larkin, Post and Geary— 3
sunny unfurnished housekeeping rooms; run-,
nlng water; bath; reasonable. . . .
PINE. 1222 (old Ralston home)— Elegantly fur-
nished sunny rooms, en suite & single; board.
FIFTH, 353— Furnished, housekeeping; two. $10;
3 for $12; 3 for $14; also single rooms, $5 up.
FIFTEENTH. 1479, near Howard — Two unfur-
nished housekeeping rooms. i
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite: beautiful grounds.
Lots on Thirty-fifth St., $15 per foot; any
size.
Lots on Thirty-fourth st., $15 per foot; any
size. " .
Lots on Thirty-third st. from $12 50 to $15 per
foot; any size.
Prices will be advanced from $1S to $20 per foot
after August 1, by order of the owner..
Lots on Market st. from $15 to $17 50 per foot;
any size.
BEST LOTS IN OAKLAND FOR THE PRICE.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FOLSOM, 647— Lower part of house, complete;
piano.
WANTED— By 2 Sxung ladies, room and board
in private family; convenient to business dis-
trict. Box 43S2. Call.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
FOLSOM. 776% — 2 neatly furnished connecting
rooms for housekeeping; reasonable.
ROOMS WANTED.
FOR -. RENT— Two sunny rooms . suitable for
; housekeeping. Apply 166 Perry st.
GEARY, 408— Three nicely furnished rooms;
rent $20.
WANTED — Two sunny unfurnished housekeep-'
ing rooms with bath; rent reasonable. Box
4470. Call office.
. Lots on Thirty-sixth St., $16 per foot; any
size.
Lots on West st., $17 60 per foot; any sice.
Terms to suit, small payment down.
Houses built from your own plans.
SEND FOR MAP.
These prices Include all street work, ma-
cadamizing, cement sidewalks and sewers.
Water and gas in all , streets. .
Close to two car lines, schools and churches.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
903 Broadway, . Oakland.' ,
$2400— ORIGINAL cost $2400..
7 rooms and bath, fine basement; corner lot,
' 33x120; street work complete; best nelghbor-
¦ hood in Oakland; owners are non-residents;
hence the great reduction In price; must be
seen to be appreciated.
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
. .- - 1002 Oakland.
$2700— A COZY cottage home. '
Fine neighborhood, to every-
thing; main street; lot 60x115; small stable;
an ideal spot, but must be sold; seeing, is be-
lieving; don't miss this.
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
GEARY, 569— Neatly furnished % housekeeping
rooms; bath on floor.
SMALL furnished flat or rooms wanted; roust
be clean and cheap; central location. Box
4468, Call office.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
GLEN PARK ave.,' 6, off Twelfth, near Mis-
sion — 3 unfurnished sunny clean rooms; clos-
ets; bath. W; « "
AUGUST 1— Adults want 3 furnished . house-
keeping rooms; sunny; central. Address box
4467, Call office. '
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
HOWARD,. 728— Single room for $G per month;
also housekeeping; reasonable.
$16; ALCOVE room and adjoining room; gas
stove: sink; bath; tel. 1911 Geary, opp. park.
HOWARD,- 1609— Sunny back and front parlor
'nicely furnished; use of kitchen; gas; bath.
HOWARD. 761V4— Nicely furnished sunny bay
window suite; kitchen; man and wife; others.
Berkeley, Cal.
eesy.
Fire and life insurance In companies of the
hlchert class.
. Rent! ng, collecting. loans negotiated.
SATOFF & WILKINS.
2121 Center* St..
HOMES IN BERKELEY.
JS50— i room cottage: fruit trees, flowers.
jinoo — 4-room cottage; $300 down.
$1200— 4-room cottage; easy terms.
J1400— 5-room cottage; fruit trees, Cowers; $500
down.
¦ $1650— 6-room house; a fine bargain.
Several houses for sale In different parts of
Berkeley at prices rangtng from $1500 to $8000.
Fine "building- lots from $250 upward; terms
HYDE, 412— Sunny parlors & alcove suite, un-
furn. ; basement " floor suitable for boarders.
$2200 — A NEW bungalow cottage, up-to-date,
five rooms and bath; an Ideal home; large
lot; near local station and business centers;
cheap for $3000; owner must sell; wants an
offer; mortgage $1800. balance cash. ¦
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
J3250— THE finest, both in finish and architec-
tural arrangements in Oakland; the choicest
neighborhood; large lot, near business centers
and schools, etc. ; terms, $400 cash.
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
{1050 — FINE business corner lot: Shattuck ave.
ar.d Cedar st.: 49x135; street work done both
sides; one block of depot. MAY & MORTI-
MER, v.
McALLISTER. 2000. cor. Central ave.— 2 sunny
rooms furnished for housekeeping; sink; $10.
McALLISTER, 538—2 or 3 nicely furnished sun-
ny front rooms; sink; range; bath; laundry.
Oakland, Cal.
BIDDALti & CO.,
Real Estate Brokers,
1118 Broadway,
BARGAINS— BARGAINS,
IN REAL ESTATEL
Do you want to buy, -;,..-: . ' .."• —
Do you want to sell, ' ' , :-jj : . ;
Do you want to exchange • . ¦ .
CKy property for a ranch. • : •' " 1
Do yourwant to exchange "¦ :!}".*:¦
A ranch for city i.roperty. ' ', • "\ '
Do you want your property " ¦ 'j -
Rented; If eo -call on
NEW modern apartment house; suites 2, 3
and 5 rooms for housekeeping; electric lights;
gas ranges; baths. The Malar Flats, 531 Turk.
SEVENTH, 304 — New front housekeeping rms.
for couple; folding bed; gas stove; $10; also 1
unfurnished room, $5.
SECOND, 212— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing: other rooms; clean, respectable, reasnble.
POWELL, 911% — Unfurnished or-partly;l to 4
rooms: also kitchen; range; modern improve-
ments; $6 to $12. .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. .- ¦ • ¦ : ¦ • --• ¦' ¦ " ¦ ¦• -
VALENCIA, 550— Three furnished rooms; sun
all day; adults. '.-. v
TWELFTH. 120—2 nicely furnished front house-
keeping rooms; select locality; private family.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— Best *1 a
day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms, 50c up; meals, 25c; free coach.
ROOMS — TO LET.
X — For rooms, ' apartments, housekeeping, : fur-
nished, unfurnished, with or without board,
finest In city, see ELDER ROOM RENTING
CO., 22 Kearny St.; tel. 2334 Red. .
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unfurn.
Mclsaac. Angus - ":
McLeod. Angus J.
Mahon, : James A.
Mort (infant)
Murphy, Thomas V.
Ploda, Antonette
Ealuaga. - Elizabeth
8mlth, . Harold -
8ommer, Hiram E.
Eorenson, - Nela "
Brady, John
Bush, ; James A.
Callaghan. Felix
Chadwlck, Joey
Derichs, Hazel R.
Doyle, .William
Elvers. Mrs. Joseph.
Getchell, James T. ."
Goe, William. ,"
Grlf fln, Catbarlna ¦{
DISEASES 'and ' ailments of men treated : con-
sultation free. American Dispensary, 514 Pine.
MENTAL and nervous i diseases : will > be : ac-
:-i cepted ,-at . hospital. . 230 Douglass St., S. ; F. ; :
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections* made:
¦ city .- or country. " PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-19, tel." 5380.
NOTICE . Is hereby given that the , Maria Kip
Orphanage/ 620 Lake St., San Francisco, has
received the following ¦ orphans • and half or-
' phans — girls — from April 1 to July - 1. • 1901:
Bertha Koepp. -3 years 5 months; Pauline Ol-
!sen, 9 years 10 months; .Florence. E. . Reed, 7*
years . i mftnths ; • Sadie Chapman, 9 .' years 7
months;. Lora E." ; Williams, 1 year 6 months;
Alice Monahan, 1 year,7 months: Grace Lavil-
; Ian. 10 years 5 months;- Julia. Voss, 11 years 3
months; -Flor la- Voss, 7 years; Constance •: M.
Henry. 7 years 11 months; Genta Flshburn,.8
' years ; . Violet M. Bishop, ; 11 years 11 .months ;
Gladys W. Bishop. 9 years 4 months. >
THE secretary of the San Francisco Protestant
, Orphan Asylum Society hereby gives notice
• that the following , orphan and half-orphan
girls and boys have' been received at the asy-
: lum on Halght st. from January 1, 1901, to
' July 1, 1901: Angelina Willet. 7 yrs. ; Delia
Willet, 2 yrs. . 10 : mos. ; Emma L. Henniger,
4 yrs. '3 mos. ; Annie Kenyon, ,9 yrs. ; Rachel
Kenyon, 6 yrs. ;¦ Minnie ' Iverson, 12 yrs. 10
mos. ; James Farley. 7 yrs. 7 mos. ; Raymond
Francis, 6 4 mos. ; Herbert E. Francis.'
6 yrs. 9 mos. : Martin Kvalvig. 11 yrs. 1 mo.;
Albert Lake, 7 yrs. ; Harry Lake, 4 yrs.; Clar-
ence Stephenson, 7. yrs. ; Charles F. Henniger,
2 yrs. 10 mos.; Thomas Semler, 12 yrs. a mos.:
Henry Hanson, 5 yrs. ; Arthur Davis. 9 yrs. 8
1 mos.; George Kvalvig, 9 yrs. 3 mos. ; Herbert
.' O. Love, 6 yrs. 6 mos. ; j George Elliot, 3 yrs.
$ mos. ... ¦ •¦" - ' ~
MISSION, 1217— Sunny furnished suite; all con-
veniences. .- '-. / .-. >,<¦"'
MISSION, 1738— Sunny suite, front, completely
f urn. for housekeeping; bath,' modern; $12.
MINNA, 28— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms. $1 75 per week. .
THE Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum gives
notice that the following orphans, half-
" orphans and abandoned children, also found-
lings, have been received in the orphanage
from December 31, 1300, to June 30. 1901:
Charles Dragler. 7 yrs. 6 mos. ; Henry Drag-
ler, 5 yrs. 6 mos.; Antony Marino, 5 days;
Mary 7 yrs.. Margaretta 7 yrs. and Joseph
Olsen 3 yrs.; Catherine Gibbons. 5 yrs. 1 mo. ;
Catherine 9 yrs. 3 mos., Anna 7 yrs. and
Henry Mennors 3 yrs. 6 mos. ; Virginia Klrby,
6 yrs. 7 mos.; Rose' 6 yrs and Lewis Passolot
3 yrs. 6 mos.; Banodino Bartona, 3 yrs. 3
mos. ; Louis Drexll. 5 yrs. 6 mos.; Martin
Samuels. 3. yrs. ; Ida Woldloff. 6 yrs.; Cliff
N Kuntz, 2 yrs. 1- mo. ; Harry Russ, G yrs. ; Mary
. 7 . yrs. 1 mo. and Bernice McClelland 5 yrs.
30 mos.; George McKann. 5 yrs. 7 mos. ; Ada
- 7 yrs. 4 mos. and Michael Doland 6 yrs.; John
.. Larken, 2 yrs. 1 mo. ; John 3 yrs. 6 mos. and
S Evalyn Kessler 5 yrs. 10 mos. ; Lucy 5 yrs.
10 mos. and Lizzie Giovanina 4 yrs. -6 mos.;
Edith Doland. 9 yrs. ; Magdaltna 5 yrs. 11
" mos. and Fulton Vannici 4 yrs. :. John d'Arsy.
3 yrs. 1 mo. ; ' Mira 10 yrs.. Ernest 8 yrs.,
Josie 9 yrs., Eleanora 5 yrs. and Katherine
Gianetti 1 yr. 10 mos.; Mary Smith, 3 yrs. 6
., mos. ; Gertrude 3 yrs. 7 mos. and John Daley
2 yrs.' 11 mos.; Gertrude 5 "yrs. 11 mos. and
Mary Sullivan 3 yrs.; Irene 10 yrs. 10 mos.
and Raymond . Doland 2 yrs. 11 mos. ; Albert
8 yrs. 6 mos., Gordon 1 yr. 6 mos., Ken th 4
yrs. 10 mos. and Constance Heanery 6 yra. 8
mos. 1 ; Katherine 4 yrs. and Edward Slatten
3 yrs.; Ellenor Edwards, 4 yrs. : Olander Mur-
¦ rey, • 3 yrs. ; Edward 3 yrs. 11 mos.. Lewis ¦ 2
- yrs. and Bertha Kavanagh 5 yrs. 5 mos. ;
Elenore Brady, 12 yrs.; Iona 7 yrs. "and Mary
Gladwin 3 yrs. 7 mos.; Mary 10 yrs. 8 mos.,
Frederick 3 yrs. 8 mos. and Bertha Louis 4
yrs. 10 mos. ; Dante Tarraborl, 6 yrs. 3 mos. ;
Katherine Kalhl. 3 yrs.- 1 riio. ; Gertrude 6
yrs. 10 mos. and Francis Kelley 2 yrs. - 11
mos. ; ¦ Mariana Purdee, 5 yrs. 10 mos. ; John
6 yrs. "8 mos. and Catherine Matthews 4 yrs.
2 mos.; Margarlte Kaisar. 8 yrs. 10 mos. .
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re>
paired; open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
greatTraIrgains in typewriters— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California: telephone Main 266.
RENT a new Franklin typewriter for $1 week
and have your work In sight. CUTTER
TOWER CO., 302 Montgomery; tel. Black 4885.
HARTFORD typewriters: new. $60; anti-trust;
all makes: used machines $10 up. 209 Sansome.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIvlDE>IDrNotlce^Dlvldend No. ITTtwenty-
flve cent.* per share) of the KUauea Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company. 327 Market street, on
and after Monday. - July 15, 1901. Transfer
books will close on Tuesday, July 9. 1901, at
3 o'clock p. m. E. H, SHELDON, Sec.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 93 (twenty
cents per | share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company. 327 Market street, on
and after Saturday, July 20, 190L Transfer
books will close on Saturday, July 13, 1901. at
12 o'clock noon. . E. H. SHELDON, Sec.
DIVIDEND notice.— The Nevada National Bank
of San Francisco. ,At a regular meeting of
the beard of directors of this bank, held July
2, 1601, a dividend was declared for the- half
year ending June 30, 1901. at the rate of 7 per
cent per annum, payable on and after the
. lath lnst. Transfer books will be closed
from the 7th to the 15th lnst. both days ln-
clnslve. GEORGE GRANT. Secretary.
LEGAL A11V 'ISR'A'ISK AU3NTS.
NOTICE of intention to lease seawall lot No.
15 and portions of seawall lot No. 14— Office ot
the . Board of State Harbor Commissioners.
Union Depot and Ferry House, San Francisco.
Cal.," July 5. 1901: Sealed proposals or bids
will be received at this office at 2:30 o'clock
p. m. on Wednesday, July 17, 1901, for leasing
all of the seawall lot No. 15 and those por-
tions of seawall lot No. 14, described and
Inclosed by metes and bounds, as follows,
viz.: Commencing at the Intersection of the
northerly line of Broadway with the easterly
line of Davis street, running thence easterly
along the northerly line* of Broadway one
hundred and forty-three (143) feet, thencs
running northerly on a line parallel with the
westerly -line of East street one hundred (100)
feet, thence running along a curve of thirteen
degrees and thirty minutes (13 degrees 30 min-
utes) (curving. to the right) one hundred and
ninety-one and eighty-five one-hundredtbs
feet (.191.85 feet) (measured on a curve) to a
point in the southerly line of Vallejo street;
thence running westerly along the southerly
line of Vallejo street, fifty-seven feet (57 feet)
- to the Intersection of the southerly line of Val-
lejo street with the easterly line of Davis
street; thence running along the easterly line
of Davis street two hundrd and seventy-five
feet (275 feet) to the point of beginning; also
that portion of said lot bounded and described
as follows: Commencing at the Intersection
of the northerly, line of Broadway with the
westerly line of East street, thence running
westerly along the northerly line of Broad-
way twenty feet (20 feet); thence running
northerly at a right angle to the northerly
line of Broadway ito the Intersection with
westerly line of East street; thence running
southerly along the westerly line of East
street to the point of beginning for railroad
terminal freight facilities in connection with
the operation of the Belt Railway System of
said Board of State Harbor ommlsslonera.
its successor or successors. The purposes for
which said premises may and shall be leased
and used are to consist solely in, of and for
the laying and maintaining of railroad tracks
thereon by the party to whom the lease shall
be .made and executed and the loading, un-
loading-, hauling and switching of freight cars
thereover and thereon and the construction,
maintenance and operation of the usual fa-
cilities therefor— the hauling and switching of
Buch cars to, from and on said premises to be
done and performed only by the said board.
Its successor or successors, the lessee to pay
for such hauling and switching the regular
rates established for such service by or un-
< der the authority of law or by said board. Its
successor or successors; such payment to be
in addition to the rental to be paid for the
lease of such property. Said bid must state.
among other things, the purpose for which
said premises will be used. A statement of
the bid will be embodied in the lease award-
ed, given and executed with a statement and
covenant that the property shall be used sole-
Iv for such purpose. The board reserves the
right to reject any or all bids. Blank forms
on which bids may be made can be secured
from the secretary of this board at his office
- In the building aforesaid, and tb» bidders are
J requested ¦ to use the same. Said lease shall
contain proper terms and covenants to protect
the parties thereto. Said property will be
leased to the highest and best bidder.
PARIS KILBURN.
RUDOLPH HEROLD JR..
JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK.
Board of State Harbor Commissioners.
LOTT D. NORTON. Chief Engineer.
"WJI. D. ENGLISH, Secretary.
IN the Superior Court o£ the city and connty
of San Francisco, State of California— Probate
—In the matter of the estat* of WILLIAM
H. AYERS, deceased. Notice for publication
of time appointed for probate of will, C. C
P., Sec. 1303. Notice is hereby given, that
Tuesday, the sixteenth day of July, A. D.
1901, at 10 o'clock a. m. of that day, and the
courtroom of Department No. 9 of said court
at the New City Hall, in the city and county
of San Francisco. State of California, have
been appointed as the time and place for
proving the will of said "WILLIAM H.
AYERS. deceased, and for bearing the ap-
plication of Katie Myers Avers for the is-
suance to her of letters testamentary thereon.
(Seal.) "WILLIAM A. DEANE. Clerk.
By V. F. NORTHROP. Deputy Clerk.
Dated July 3, A. D. 1901.
HENRY C. McPIKB.
' Attorney for Petitioner.
CARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
John A. Faull, 21, Portland, and Harriet M.
Griswold, 18, Oakland.
Michael A. Hart, 29. 406 Bryant street, and
May A. Lyons. 18, 56314 Bryant street.
Albert M. Davis, 26. 319 Grant avenue, and
Minnie F.'Anderson, 25. 927 Hyde street.
Tilden T. Dlcklns. 21. £06 Cole street, and
Jennie B. Collins, 18, 1S29 Eddy street.
Edward W. Card. 34, Salinas, and Josephine
L. Belmour. 26. city.
James H. Peck. 23, 301S Stelner street, and
Minna A. Monsee?, 22, 764 Bryant street.
Frank J. Murphy, 28, Stockton, and Inez
Stuart. 27, Stockton.
Giovanni Camx.il. 28. 35 Oakwood street, and
Luigia Moscone. 19, 33 Oakwood street.
~BIRTHS—MARRIftGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in nt either of the publication offices and bs
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to- have the same published.
•y;;; BORN.
BALLSER— In this city. July «, 1901, to the
wife cf E. C. Ballser, a daughter.
BALZER — In this city, June 24. 190L to the
wife of William W. Balxer, a daughter.
CHRISTENSEN— In this city, July 11, 1901. to
the wife of Enevold Christensen, a son.
DILLON— In this city. July 11. 1901. to the
wife of Michael Dillon, a daughter.
FENN— In this city, July 2. 1901, to the wife
of L. J. Fenn, a son.
FISHER— In this city, July 6, 1901. to the wife
of Joe Fisher, a daughter. . .-¦• •
GLASER— In this city, July 1. 1301. to the wife
of S. Glaser. a daughter.
HPIINICKE-In this city. July 8, 1901, to the
' wife of William F. Heinlcke, a son.
LUCKOW— In this city. May 24. 1901. to the
wife of R. C. Luckow. a son.
PETRUSICH— In this city, June I, 1901. to
the wife of John N. Petruslch, a son.
RASMUSSEN— In this city, July 9. 190L to
the wife of Captain R. P. Rasmussen. a
daughter. .
SHEEHAN— In this city. July 3, 1901. to the
of Joseph Sheehan, a son.
SUTTER— In this city, July 10, 1901, to the
wife of Theodore Sutter. a daughter.
SULLIVAN— In this city. June 23. 1901. to the
.wife of J. F. ¦ Sullivan, a daughter.
VAN OTERENDORP— In this city, July 1L
1S01. to the wife of Charles Van Oterendorp,
a daughter.
MARRIED.
ARCHAMBEAULT— VOIGHT— In this city, July
3, 1301. by Thomas F. Dunn. Justice of tha
• Peace, Damas- (Alfred Archambeault and
, Metha Corella Voight. both of Dutch .'Flat.
/.Placer County, Cal.
BURMESTER— HESSE— In Oakland, July 10,
1901, . by the Rev. J. H. Thelss, at Zlon's
German Evangelical Lutheran Church. Henry
¦ D. Burmester and ' Erna Hesse.
EWVELL-McCOT-In thla city. July 12. 1901
- by the Rev. John Stephens, Lloyd E. Elweli
• of Riverside, Cal., and Mas Lilly McCoy of
•Berkeley.
GOLDBERG— CLANCY— In Oakland, CaL. July
8, 1901. i by. Justice of - the • Peace James La-
rue. Gabriel Goldberg and Annie E. Clancy
both of San Francisco.— .-.
LUNDIE-^WILSON— In this city. July 11, 1801
:'¦- by Justice of the Peace Groezinger. William
Lundie and Clara L. ' Wilson, both ' of San
Francisco. • '
SCHWERIN— MCCARTHY- In this city, July
10, laoi. by the Rev. Father Griff en. Theo-
dore , C. Schwerin of Visitadon, San Mateo
¦ County, and Kate A. McCarthy of San Fran-
V clsco. ¦• ... ' - • .
WHIPPLE— FREE— In this city. June 19 1901
. by th* Rev. C. • S. Stevens. H. L. . WhiDDle
; and Miss H. L. Free, both of San Francisco.
OCTAVIA, 1403, corrter Geary — Bay-window
rooms and others; day, -week or month. ;
OCTAVIA. 1259, cor. O'Farrell— Furnished front
rooms, single or en suite; rent reasonable.
" Apply ALAMEDA LAND CO.,
Frultvale Station, -
or 1500 Park st., Alameda.
$650 — 4-ROOM hard finished cottage," stable,
well and pump; lot 50x108; 3 blocks from
street car. ¦
$850— 5-room hard finished cottage, chicken
yard; on a corner; 2 blocks from street car;
lot 45x100. • . - - * - -' ' ¦
$2?00^ — One acre with 5-room cottage, good
windmill and tank, stable, chicken yard and
hoiii-es, 175 ; chickens, 1 horse and 2-seated
wagon, harness, 1 cow, all the furniture and
tools; all fenced and cross fenced.
$1750 — 1% acres of sandy loam with 85 bear-
• Ing fruit trees, good windmill and tank
house, stable and carriage house; all 'fenced;
3 blocks from street cars.
$650— Lot 50x300; all In bearing fruit trees;
soil sandy loam; 20 minutes' walk from Frult-
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to. any address In tne
United Statts or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid. ' »
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
THE Mezes Tract at Belmont.
Containing over H00 acres, with many beauti-
ful lots, covered with oaks and. other trees
an 1 commanding grand view; within one hour
of the city: in subdivision; price only J75 per
acre ar.d \'z>.
For further particulars address
MeAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
$4^0—160 ACRES I^ake Co.; small house and
bain; few acres level; 2 miles from P. O. .
$750 — 10 acres Lake Co.; good 6-room house,
barn and outbuildings; 2 acres orchard, 8 acres
rich lotm soil, balance tolling.
$1CCO— 160 acres Calaveras Co.; SO In cultiva-
tion, balance timber. 5-room house, barn and
outbuildings; 6 acres orchard; all fenced: 3
milts from town. C. F. MOORE. '.£5 Market
et., 100m C.
FINE stock farm of 620 acres, near Marysville:
¦4S0 acres wheat. 15 acres garden, berries and
fruits, balance summer fallowed; water right
to 2000 inches of water goes with place; ditch
will cover several thousand acres; water
right alcne Is worth Price asked lor place:
this must be sold to close an estate; price $25
an acre. Box 476, Marysvllle. Cal. -« ~-
$500— A RARE chance to secure farm or «tock
ranch; 220 acres unequaied grazing Govern-
ment land on county road, Humboldt Co.,
Cal.; free & unlimited range surrounding: 3
horses. 4 cows, young stock; house & out-
buildings on place; spring water. Particulars
SETTLER. Elcho House, 863% Market St.
BE TOUR OWN LANDLORD.
Cottage. 6 rooms, in good condition; conve-
nient to station; large lot; windmill and tank;
good water: barn and chicken-house; price
$1100; $100 down. $12 50 per month.
Genuine bargain— Modern 2-story house of 6
rooms, bath, etc., on fine corner; central loca-
tion; 2 blocks from station; lot fOxljy; about
10 minutes' walk to university; price $2000, $laC
down, balance $20 per month.
Owner must sell: make offer— New modern
l»i-?tory house. 6 rooms, bath, etc; conveni-
ent to station and stores; lot 40x117; price flSOO;
$1CO down. $17 50 per month.
NOTHING DOWN secures this new 1%-story
house of 6 rooms, bath, laundry, tubs etc. ; lot
EOxlGO; l>i blocks t» electric cars; 2 blocks to
station; payments $20 per month. \\e have
others on the same terms.
Take Berkeley train, get off at Lorin sta-
tion Office west side of railroad tracks. Open
Sundavs. HOME REALTY CO..
Formerly RUDOLPH. PERKINS & LYON.
J"5 000— ONE acre of land and 12-room house
In heart of town:, two blocks to \j. <~.
grounds; If you are looking for something
nice see this. W. C. MORAN & CO.-
18 ACRES. Alameda County. 20 miles from this
city; all level land; abundant water supply;
Al improvements; near R. R. and town;
price J45C0. or might exchange for good Oak-
land property of equal value. H. H. CRANE,
IfOS California st
I j#TRES of rich 'evel land on easy terms ; 3
miles from Berkeley, on San Pablo ave.; low
price; franchise for electric road passes the
land. McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st.
$3500 — New cottage of 6 rooms and bath: all
modern; 1 acre of land; all in bearing trees;
good substantial barn; all varieties of fruit;
handy to electric cars; a model home place
at a bargain.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
THE HEART OF MILL VALLEY.
Formerly known as
The Wormonth Tract,
Now to Re Called
f^ZiZ ,'¦ Sunnyeide Tract.
This beautiful tract, consisting of over ( 40
acres. Is now subdivided into lots and are
placed upon the market for sale.' Streets are be.
ing graded, macadamized and sewered. -The
California Title Insurance and Trust Company
of San Francisco will issue an insurance policy
for every lot sold guaranteeing title.
For mans and full information address
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st., San Francisco. •
$3500— New 7-room house: all modern improve-
ments; fine garden: .cherry trees; fine neigh-
borhood. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$2:00— NEW 7-room house: only $300 cash, bal-
ance $20 per month: fine sideboard and man-
tel- tiled 6ink: porcelain bath: cement side-
walks; gravel driveway: two blocks to school,
stores, train, electric cars, etc. W. C. MO-
RAN & CO.
MISSION, 1061— Nicely furnished housekeeping;
also single rooms.
MISSION. 925!4— Well-furnished sunny bay-
Vindow front and other rooms; lower flat. .
?1500-NEW modern 5-room cottage lot;
$300 cash, $12 60 per month. J. H. YOUNG.
1243 Park st., Alameda. " -^
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
¦ furnished; private; bath; single rooms $10 up-
MARKET, 1725, nr. Valencia— Single room,
suitable for gentleman, $1 per week.
MARKET. 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
- nished rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
FOR Bale— Santa Clara County; an estate con-
sisting of r.early 1000 acres, with the best
improvements found anywhere on farms In
California and most beautifully located: the
climate is ursurpassed and entirely free from
injurious frosts,- where oranges and lemons
are grown successfully; a large vineyard and
orchard are part of the property, and the
vines beinc larpely on roots resistant to
phylloxera they are safe from destruction by
this pest: the crop now on vines and trees is
Tarlou»ly estimated as worth from $40,000 to
SSO.OO-J; the dwelling is large and modem,
with a perfect sewer system, 3 baths, gas and
water; prounds are elaborate and appropriate
to the location: cellars of stone with 300.000
gallons of cooi>era«:e: possession will be given
when the crop is harvested or sooner by spe-
cial agreement; it is a gentleman s place and
at the same time an Investment that will pay
25 per cent on the price asked and will bear
the rocst searching inveslgation. For par-
ticulars address the owner, box 4571. Call.
CHOICE BARGAINS In Unimproved Lots.
$600— Lot 25x150; near Morton-st. station. --
$650— Lot 60x140; on Broadway, near Park-st.
S $10C<£-Lot 60x120; near Morton-st. station.
$1000— Lot 50x150; Pacific ave.. near W illow-st.
et !ua£-Lot 60x150; Buena Vista ave and Wal-
I "$10C0^-Corner 50x140; Everett st.. near Park-st.
elation. . r i._
11500-Lot 50x132: near Grand st. and Cen-
tral ave. CHARLES ADAMS & CO..
irm Bay 6tation. Alameda.
REAL ESTATE COUSTRV For Smle
HYDE, 1517— A large sunny and one small un-
furnished rooms -.' closets; connecting with
bath; $S ; ref erences. -- ¦ "' '
FOR 6ale — Sacrifice; handsome fiats; near Lib-
erty and Guerrero sts. , Owner, box 4491. Call.
ELEGANT flats California 6t. for sale; or ex-
change for Oakland property. Box 3997. Call.
HOWARD, ! 1063— Neatly furnished sunny front
bay-window room; stove; electric .lights, etc.;
reasonable.- . \
HOWARD, 930— Boston House ; rooms 10c. 15c,
2oc per night; new management: transient.
FOR eale as a whole or In subdivisions; 80-
ran lot; south line Union et.: 137:6 feet east
cf Pierce. Lot. northeast corner Green and
Pierce sts., ]C3:6xlJ7:6 feet. Inquire of
CHARLES C. BEM1S. Real Estate Broker,
224 Montgomery st. _^
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan). 54 Turk
et., near Market — Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class ;
50c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in«the city; references.-
H. A. PLEITNER. Kruitvale Station. Cal.
$650— Cottage of 3 large rooms, pantry and
closets; all furnished; fruit trees and shrub-
bery; good well and pump; stable and chicken-
house; lot 50x100, .all fenced.
$1600— Cottage of 4 rooms, all furnished; fine
well, windmill and tank, stable, chicken-house,
ISO chickens, Incubator, brooder and brooder-
house, fine cow and 2 hogs; lot 100x150, all
fenced. -
$1150— Bay-window cottage of 5 rooms and
bath; 7-foot basement; good brick foundation,
etc.; barn, chicken-house; lot 50x116; 1 block
from electric cars; easy terms if oesired. .
$1400— Cottage of 6 rooms and bath on one
floor; high basement; choice flowe:«; lot 50x120;
connected with main sewer; only 1 block from,
Krultvale ave.i-
$1400 — Sacrifice: modern cottage of 5 rooms,
basement and attic, bath, etc.; stable, chicken-
house, fine well, windmill and tank; lot 50x125,
.all fenced; owner must sell; don't fall to see
this place. .
$1675— Modern 2-story house of 6 rooms and
bath ; fine mantel ; corner lot; 2 blocks from
Fruitvale station; must be sold at onc-e.
$1700— Choice bargain; new bay-window , cot-
tage of 4 large rooms: 7- foot basement; good
brick foundation; bath; hall, cicsets; lovely
pantry; marble washstand;, stationary tubs;
chicken-house: lot 50x265, ; all fenced ; line loca-
tion; only 6 blocks from local station.,
$1850— Two acres of sandy loam; modern cot-
tage of 4 rooms and bath; high basement; stable
and chicken-houses; good well, windmill and
tank; fine location; 3 blocks from electric cars.
For rent— 4 sunny furnished rooms in private'
family; gas and bath; electric cars pass doors;
rent $20. For particulars apply to H. A.
PLEITNER, Frultvale Station. Cal.
$C50— COTTAGE of 4 rooms; lot 25x108. . :
$750— Ccttage of 4 rooms; lot 25x100.
$1050— Cottage of 4 rooms; lot 25x107.
. $1100— Cottage of 6 rooms; lot 25x150.
$1200— Cottage of 6 rooms; lot 25xl«C. .-• •
$1500— Store and flat ;. lot 23x150.
$2000— Cottage of 7 rooms; lot 88x70. .
$1500— 2-story house, 7 rooms; windmill, etc.,
lot ECxlSO. „... .
Modern 7, 8 and 8 room houses, from $jOCO to
Furnished and unfurnished houses for rent.
Agency Xew Zealand. London Assurance,
British America and Citizens' Insurance com-
panies. CHARLES ADAMS & CO.,
Bay Station. Alameda.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
HOTEL Graystone, 66 Geary st. — New 6-stpry
. fireproof hotel ; electric light and elevator; un-
, questionably.: the most luxuriously furnished
In the city; steam heat;, private baths; one
block from Palace Hotel. Phone John 3331.
. OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$1COO— COZY modern Eastlake cottage of - • 5
rooms, bath, hall, high basement, laundry,
brick foundation, double parlors, etc. (all in
good condition) ; street - work all done ; stone
-walks laid: one block off San; Pablo ave. ;
, thandy to narrow-guage station; sunny front-
age; now well rented: barsain for a quick
cash sale, but terms can be arranged.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
. 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$28QO^-AN elegant modern Eastlake cbttage con-
taining 6 larsre rooms. : porcelain bath, open
plumbing, . high ; Basement, ¦ cement laundry
tubs, brick foundation, etc.; lot 40x125 feet,
with nice open lawn; fruit trees and stone
¦ walks in front and around the house;, street
work- complete; nice central location; .near
cars and train: house alone cost $2400 to build;
Insured for floOO; title perfect; no mortgage.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
$6000— ELEGANT home sacrificed ; corner
Eighth and Adeline sts.; only one block from
station; 13 rooms; modern plumbing and
6team furnace; finished basement and attic;
newly painted; convenient and prominent lo-
cation for local physician or San 'Francisco
business man; lot 50x100 feet; nice lawn, and
all in good condition; cost fll.OOO; a big. sac-
rifice.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
' 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$1300— ESTABLISHED grocery, and butcher
shop, with store fixtures; flat above .and
stable, well and pump; gore lot; streets com-
plete; fine location in. North Oakland; cost
$2509; Insured for $1500; easy terms If desired.
¦ GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
.- 1003 Broadway, Oakland.
$1450 — PLAIN, comfortable house of 7' rooms:
lot 30x120 feet; nice location, with street work
complete and stone walks laid; garden, fruit
and shade trees; right close to Telegraph ave.;
handy to schools and churches: reduced for a
Quick sale; easy terms can be arranged. ¦
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
¦ 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$850— COZY little bungalow cottage; all
shingled; new plumbing; lot 40x120 feet; close
to Telegraph ave. and city trains: will ar-
ranee terms.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
_^ 100S Broadway, Oakland.
$1800— JUST like rent; 9 rooms, bath basement,
etc.; lot 40x120; cost ?25OO; sunny side; near
San Pablo ave.; $20 per month. Installments;
near the Jocal railroad station. , *
> ¦-.-.;-¦ v : ... V GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
$4500— BRAND new and elegantly finished 8-
roomed modern dwelling: porcelain' bath and
sink; house all tinted; perfect in detail; sunny
side, between Telegraph ave. ' and Grove st. ;
easy terms can be arranged.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
$2750— NEARING completion; very pretty 2-
story Colonial house of 6 rooms; sunny front-
age; on Market st.'. one block from cars; lot
32x116 feet: nice surroundings; good neigh-
bors; close to schools and churches; terms
/ can be arranged.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1003 Broadway, Oakland.
$2250— NEARING completion; cozy 6-roomed
cottage -with high basement: brick founda-
tion and every modern convenience; ¦ will fin-
ish the house to j suit the buyer; lot 35x100
feet; sunny side; street work all done; easy
terms If desired; can have more land 'to the
extent of 1C0 feet adjoining at a moderate
price. .
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$3500— FOR pale, or would exchange for desir-
able country property in vicinity of Oakland;
good business corner; store and seven rooms.
$1400 — Cottage, six rooms; nice location, near
train. 1312 Thirteenth ave., Oakland.
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
HAWTHORNE, 172, near Harrison— Pleasant
medium- sized room for gent; reasonable; ref.
REAL ESTATE CITY— FOB. » gAJLB.
-SUNSHINE IS LIFE"; green fields and flow-
«rs bring rosy cheeks, health and happiness;
why not let your family enjoy these bless-
ings by securing a home In a suburb of the
eity where l»vel lots, llfe-glvlng eunshln».
flowers and electric cars take you to all parts
of city for 5c? THISTLETON. 272 Sadowa
et.. Ocean View.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
Hoey. Michael T. Stada. TSrnemt
Howard. Fannie ."Wall. John C.
Leibert. John G. Well. Alexander I*
* McDonough, Anna —
BRADY— In this city. July 11. 1901. John, be-
loved son of the late Richard and the lata
Elizabeth A. Brady, and brother of Rich-
ard. Sam. Edward and Brady and
the late Matilda McKenna. a native of San
Francisco, aged 21 years S months and 1
days. . v
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12:15 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of the Pacific Undertakers. 777 Mis-
sion street, thence to St. Joseph's Church for
services, commencing at 1 o'clock. Interment
Holy Crcfcs Cemetery.
BITSH— In Aparrl. Luzon, Philippine Islands,
September 25, 1900. James A. Buah* beloved
husband of Anna M. Bush, father of Marion
Georgia Bush, son of the late Andrew and
Annie Bush, and brother of William K.
Bush, Mr». Marcia. Wenfc and Mrs. Llzzla
Haertz. a native of Washington, D. C. aged
35 years 2 months and 2 days.
tiy Friends and acquaintances "are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
at National Cemetery. Presidio. "Wednesday,
July 17. at 2 o'clock.
CALLAGHAN— In this city. July 13, 1901.
Felix, beloved hasband ( of Mary C. Cal-
laehan. a native* of County Cork. Ireland,
aged 70 years.
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 207 Clara street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for servicea at 13:30 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. A requiem,
mars will be celebrated Monday. July 15.
at 9 o'clock, at St. Patrick's Church for the
. repose of his soul. Friends are Invited to
attend.
CHADWICK— In this city. July 12. 1901. Joey,
dearly beloved wife of the late Nathaniel
G. Chadwlck, mother of Mrs. Edward F. Mc-
Chesney and James P. and Frederick Chad-
wlck, and sister of P. H. and Edward Flem-
ing, a native of Melbourne. Australia, aged
55 years 1 month and IS days.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the residence
: of her daughter, Mrs. E. F. McChesney, 1S41
Hyde street.
DERICHS— In this city. July 12. 1301, Hazel
Ruth Derichs. beloved daughter pf Mrs. Lou-
' Ha Orland, a native of San Francisco, aged
11 years 1 month and 23 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her mother. 1200 • Larkin street, corner ot
Bush. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
DOYLE— In this city, July 13. 1901. William,
beloved son of the late Thomas and Mary
Doyle, and brother of Thomas. John and
Josephine Doyle, a native of San Francisco,
aged 28 years. • - :¦¦¦¦
inyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morro^r
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Rose's Church for services at
10:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. V; .'-""-
EIVERS— An anniversary mass will be cele-
brated at the Church of the Holy Redeemer.
Hartford street, to-morrow (Monday), at »
o'clock, for the repose of the soul of Mrs.
Joseph "W. Elvers, who died July 14. 1S98.
GETCHELL— In this city, July 11, 1301, James
T.. beloved husband of the late Mary F.
Getchell, father of James Ferdinand Getchell
and Annie M. Kerrison. and stepfather of
the late Edward M. Walsh, a native of,
Maire, aged 69 years.
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English. 41 Van Ness avenue. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
THE officers and members of Valley Lcdg*
No. 30. A. O. U. W.. are respectfully invited
to attend the funeral of our late brother.
James T. Getchell.
THOMAS H. LORD, Recorder.
GOE— In Hobe,rt Mills^Nevada County, Cal..
July 13. 1901. William Goe, father of Georga
! C. and Charles A. Goe, a native of Ohio,
aged C7 years 7 months and 27 days.
' GRIFFIN— There will be an anniversary re-
quiem mass on Tuesday morning in St. Pat-
rick's Church for Catharine Griffin, beloved
wife of Thomas Griffin. Friends and ac-
> quaintances are respectfully invited to at-
i tend.
HOEY— In this city, July 12. 190L Michael F.. •
beloved son of Ellen and the late Michael
Hoey. and brother of Lizzie. Mamie. Wil-
; Ham and the late John Hoey, a native of San
Francisco. (Virginia City, Nev.. papers
please copy.)
CyFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Sunday), at 1:30
o'clock, from his late residence, 231 Clara
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church for
services at 2 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HOWARD— In this city, July 11, 1901. Fannie,
beloved wife of Michael Howard, grand-
mother of Edith Minor, stepmother of Na-
thaniel Howard, and cousin of Belle Beraud.
a native of Crlttenden County. Kentucky,
aged 58 years 2 months and 19 days. A
member of Naomi Chapter No. 4. O. E. ft.
(St. Louis and St. Joseph, Mo., p&pera
please copy.)
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
-(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Bethel A. M. E.
Church, Powell street, between Jackson and
Pacific. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LEIEERT— In this city, July 11. 1901. John G..
beloved husband of Mary E. Leibert, and
father of John G.. George B., Robert E. and
Emma Leibert. Mrs. F. W. Butterfleld and
Mrs. W. P. FenneH. a native of German-
town. Pa., aged 70 years and 24 da^s.
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from I. O. O. F.
Hall, Seventh and Market streets. wher»
services will be conducted by Yerba Buena
Lodge No. IS, I. O. O. F. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery. Remains at the parlors ot
McAvoy * Co.. 1233 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth.
McLEOD— In this city. July 13, 1901. Angus J.
McLeod, beloved brother of Daniel and Wil-
liam S. McLeod, a native of Prince Edwards
Island.
E7" Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the parlors of Carew ft English. 41 Van Nesa
avenue. .
McDONOUGH— In this city, July 12. 1901.
Anna, wife cf th« late Mathew McDonough,
and mother of Katie. Bessie. Lily. Maggi*
and Hugh McDonouxn, a native of Ireland*
aged 43 years.
(C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited, to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her son's resi-
dence. 315% Lanxton street. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland, by 11 o'clock
creek route boat.
McISAAC— In Oakland. July 11. 1901. Ancna,
beloved husband of Mary E. Mclsaac, and
father of William A.. John L., Mary H. and
Joseph A. Mclsaac, Mrs/ James W. O*Kan»
and Mrs. H. V. McFadden. a native of Cap«
Breton Islands, Nova Scotia, aged 74 year*
and 9 months.
ET'Friends and acquaintances ar» respect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:13 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence in St. Mary's Cemetery, thence to St.
Francis de Sales Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for tha re-
pose of bis soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
MAHON— In this city, July 13. 1901. James
Aloysius. dearly beloved and youngest son
of Helene and the late Franklyn Mahon. a
native of 8an Francisco.
, ityNotice of funeral hereafter.
MORT— July 12, 1901, ' Infant son of George W.
and Katie L. Mort, brother of George, Rob-
ert, Lily* and John Mort, and nephew of Mxv
and Mrs. John W. Hughes.
MURPHY— In this city, July 11, 1901, Thomas
F., dearly beloved son of John and Bridget
Murphy, and brother of John J. and Agnes
Murphy, a native of San Francisco, ased 23
years 7 months and 20 days.
ICTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1824B Howard street, thence to the
Church of St. Charles Borromeo for ser-
vices, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
PROSPERITY Lodge No. 801, A. O. U. W.— '
Officers and members: You are hereby noti-
fied to attend the funeral of our late over-
seer. Brother Thomas F". Murphy, from his
late residence, 1S24B Howard street, this day
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock. By order of
.0 ¦•-¦• JAMES A. CONNELLY. M. W.
R. H. McPHERSON. Recorder.
PIODA— In this city. July 13. 1901. Antonette*
beloved daughter of Paul A. and Maud E.
Pioda," a native of San Francisco, ased 4
years 1 month and 20 days.
ICFuneral and interemnt private.
SALUAGA— In this city. July 13. 1901. Eliza-
beth Saluaga. a native of Ireland, ased S3
years.
ICTTrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:43 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. C'Connor & Co.. 767 ll!aston street,
thence to St. Jdhn's Church (Old St. Mary's
College), where a requiem high mass will b«
Continued on Page Thirty-Two.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMBR3.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
. Telephone South - 80. : - .
Eugene McGinn. McGINN BROS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
31 EDDY STREET.
; Telephone South 232. ¦ San Francisco
No Connection_Wlth Any 'Other House.
SAi-I FRANCISCO, Cal-^-Nqtlce is hereby given
that CHARLES H. JACOB of the Hrm of
CHARLES H. JACOB & CO..' funeral direc-
tors and embalmers, 318 Mason street, has
by order of court, had his name chanced tn
CHARLES H. J. TRUMAN, by reason of
which the i name of hts firm becomes
CHARLES H. J. TRUMAN >& CO. Under
this name he continues to do business at tha
same place. Telephone Main 5313.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
ESP San Mateo County. ¦
- OFFICE 916 MARKET STRBET.
_. J. HBNDER30N. Manager.
Ml— MM— Hi ¦ I ¦¦ ¦ — y^^M
FRUITVA LE ADVERTISEMENTS
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
ROOMS TO LET— Font, and TTnCnra.
PACIFIC Storage and ; Furniture . Moving ¦ Com-
;;; pany. i 2320 Flllmore st! ; \ phone Jackson 28L""*/ "
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st.;
:,.tel. Main 1840;; shipping at cut. rates.
GOLDEN^ WEST "Storage Warehouse, 840 Mls-
"slon st; tel. Howard 941.';F.,W.' ZEHFUSS. ;
new homes *i9KMBHHMQaBBBM^^S)l
On ' Telegraph avenue. .
..Just Completed. •:
Entirely Modern/
8 rooms, . bath and laundry; front and back
stairs; , nickel-plated ? plumbing; .. mantels,''^' gas
fixtures, . lawn, i cement - walKs, » etc. ; . lot • 31x100;
all four of a different architecture. ¦-¦¦--..'. • .-
' STORAGE Ay D ..WAREHOUSES.;'
PIEECE-RODOLPH - Storage , and Moving Co.,'
: office Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713. ¦;¦_,
•A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
>. light ¦ housekeeping rooms: open all night.
ARLINGTON House, 113 Kearny St.— Pleasant,
v sunny rooms. -¦•:.,¦
AT Shasta House, 246 Third— 200 rooms, ' newly
renovated ; 25c to $1 night ; . phone Black 4915.
BURNETT, 1426 Market > (Old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms., suites, single ; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. ' Mason— Elegantly
* furnished ¦ sunny , rooms ; , prices reasonable. ;
DIAMOND, 40 — One , or ., two handsomely * rur-
. / nished front ; rooms; i suitable for • ladles.
EDDY, 210— Changed hands; newly' furnished
' and renovated ; elegant* ¦ suite, suitable for
doctor or professional 'man;: also single and
j double rooms; running water; rent moderate.
ELLIS, 639, corner Larkin— Bay-window, other
- sunny rooms;; day. week or. month. "¦
FIFTH,' 107 — Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms
¦¦:- to let.y.; ¦":_--,¦': — '¦•¦--*•¦-.¦>.¦*.¦ .¦•¦'¦¦¦ ¦¦''¦¦ ':¦'-- ;
FOLSOM, . 620— Furnished '! afTd ; unfurnished,
with large grounds," for families with children. '¦
1 FRANCISCO— Elegant suites; single with baths;
¦ :•• transient. MRS.. KING, Turk and. Taylor. ¦ ;
FRANKLIN, 521— Nicely ? furnished' bay-win-
.. dow *¦ parlor for ; rent ; during ; league's conven-
- tion ; near Mechanics' ' Pavilion ; - also • single/
GEA.RY, 604— ; Very > desirable : ; sunny ; furnished
* front ; ro6m»..^ ¦¦:¦ : v::-- -¦¦".;— t- -¦¦¦•¦•:¦
GROVE,- 1424— 5 ¦ rooms and .bath; . near, Golden
Gate -ParlL";V ¦¦;:;¦.;•¦¦:.". ¦.:¦ . ¦'.;' - •¦•¦¦¦.
FOR sale— Beautifully situated 7-room house
front Ins University; 2509 Hearst ave., near
president's residence: wide south veranda:
large grounds, fruit, flowers. Address H. I.
COON, owner. 222 Sansome St., S. F, •
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address la the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. ••"-.•-." . - ¦ :
¦W. K. CONGER & CO..
$2£S0— Elegant 2-story 7-room house; lot Kil130.
J3OO0— Fine 2-story 8-room house; stable; lot
50x150.
S2000 — Two-story house of S rooms; lot £0x144;
close to station; must be sold; make an
offer.
JC0 — Four-room cottage; lot 46x50; don't fall
to see this. Houses to rent in all parts
Of Alanseda.
W. K. CONGER & CO..
1501 Park : et., Alameda.
Mione Grand 176.
HOUSE-* FOR SALE-BERK ELEV,
$2250-On monthly payments; fine modern «-
room cottages, near . station; large 'lot; all
modern conveniences; houses Just - completed.
McBRiDE, Golden Gate Station; take Berke-
ley train. - • %
T?ebster-st. station. Alameda.
ALAMEDA and Frultvale bargains for Invest-
ors and houFe-seekers on easy terms or ex-
change for city or country realty.
. SPECIAL BARGAIN.
One of the finest residences in the city; 13
•rooms--, Z bathrooms, etc: best location; fin-
ished in oak, blrdseye maple and Carolina
pine: highly decorated: lot 83x170 feet.- ¦
SPECIAL.
Two modern cottages, 5 rooms and fcathf
Mir elalon; *l£00.
¦ A. R. DENKB.
BERKELEY ROOMS AJfD BOARD.
PLEASANT rooms and board during vacation
'and next college term; Scenic Park," 2. blocks
from i Diversity. Box 3984,'. Call office.'
$2000 — NEW house; Just completing; -7.' rooms
and bath; large hall; > pantry, .laundry, etc. ;
modern and complete in all details; lot 50xPT»;
close to Ashby station; a fine bargain. H. D
IRWIN. Lorin Station.
Drug stores. ¦''"¦ ¦'-r»' i '
- Fifty good farms for sale; some for exchange.
• Business property paying 6 per. cent net on
Investment. -...;.¦
Colony property from 10 to 25,000 acres. r
_,-ThIrty-«age catalogue of California homes. :
Large list; may exchange.-' '= -.-,.;
See E. E. BUNCE for all bargains, ¦ 952
Broadway, Oakland. . .. •
$1350— SEE this neat • cosy . cottage ; • , ne w ; - 5
rooms and - bath, panto', : etc. ; tinted . walls,
brick mantel; china closet: brick founda-
¦ tion; hot and cold water;: convenient, to train
and cars; $1100 cash, $16 per month; . a snap.
H. D. IRWIN7 ¦' Lorin Station.
SOUND INVESTMENTS FOR CAPITALISTS,
Hotels for sale.
Lodging-houses.
' Grocery stores. | );
$:600— PRETTIEST cozy little home In Berke-
ley: new; complete; open plumbing; fronts
nurtn street: electric cars in front; near sta-
tion; lot 40x138; sloping lawn; flowers
chicken-houses and stone walks; partly fur-
nished with new furniture; easy terms If
desired.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway. Oakland
No. 165— $5500; 14-room house; rented for 2 years
at $50 r>er month; thii is a good in-
vestment.
No. 1S5— $22C0: new 6-room house; cement walks.
No. 1S4 — $5000; 10-room house; south - front • lot
eoxiro.
_, S. S. QUACKENBUSH,
Opp. First National Bank. Berkeley.
No. 148— $5000: 18 rooms; house new and newly
furnished; one of the finest boarding-
houses in town: one block from U. C.
grounds: the house Is full of boarders
$8000— Price reduced to $5500; the most com-
plete cottaxe in Alameda; beautiful grounds;
tnust be Bold; *
E. D. JUDD & CO.?
1424 Park St., Alameda.
FOB SALE.
Cottage of 4 rooms; fine location; $1500; offer
granted.
JlfiOO— Cottage on Pearl st; lot £3x100.
Two new modern 7-room houses, near Morton-
et. station, for $2750.
6-room 2-story house on San Antonio ave..
near station; $5000.
Lot 150x107. with all Improvements; near
Park et.; $12,000.
500x207 feet, with all Improvements; near
Park et.: $9000; choice property.
B«a.utlful 7-room house; lot 50x150; $6500.
10-room modern cottage; all on one floor; on
northwest corner. ,
$3000 — NEW two-story building; large 'store on
first floor;, six room flat upstairs; small
cash payment; balance to suit purchaser.
$2500— Modern house, of seven rooms and bath;
never occupied; $35 per month will buy
$2500 — Beautiful modern house, 690 36th St.. half
a block from Telegraph ave. ; small cash
payment, balance same as rent. :
$1350— New house of six rooms, | desirable local-
ity; half block from "Piedmont ave.. car
line; no payment down; $18 90 per month.
$1200 — Cottage of five rooms and bath, 2 blocks
from car line; $16 80 per month will buy
this home. . '
W. E. RUDELL, Frultvale Station,
Or 222 Sansome • St.. . S. . K.
Boarding-house, 11 rooms;. very small pay-
ment down.
Also some houses to lease; call bet: 9 and 11
a. m.. or by appointment. . • . •
M. L. WURTS.
Seventeenth st. and Broadway, Oakland.
FOR sale— In Berkeley, near university, 6 new
modern houses; small payment down, balance
same as -rent; lot 40x135; street work com-
plete; lawn and garden made; 10 bearing fruit
trees on every lot; house ready to move Into;
water connected; push buttons and electric
fixtures: shades, mantels, bookcases and side-
board: 6, 7 and 8 rooms, from.$2600 up; grand
marine view; cement walks, porcelain tubs; 2
$300 CASH. $20 monthly; up-to-date, modern 2-
story house of 9 rooms; all- conveniences;
large lot, 150 feet deep, on Frultvale ave. : no
fogs nor raw winds; a lovely home at a bar-
j gain; price all told. . $2750; will' make terms
to suit or discount for cash. 455 Seventh st.;
opposite Broadway station, Oakland; carriage
free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
NOW la the time to purchase a home.
Call early and secure some of the bargains
In real estate we are offering.
Nothing like It ever offered before.
• A chance to secure a. home below cost.
Terms easy: better than paying rent.
A choice number of 5 and C room cottages,
large lots; near trains and schools; modern
design; some Just completed; to be sacrificed:
only $2500.
Lots In all parts of Alameda at greatly
reduced prioee.
Fine 4-room cottasres; cost $1800, to be sold
; for $1000 each.
A fine 8-room 2-Btory house: lot 35x160; on
principal avenue; situated In the best prat
of Alameda; only $2500; see us at once. I
Houses built, rented and exchanged.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 Park street, Alameda.
Of flee open Sundays and ' evenings.
$150 CASH— $10 monthly; fine business corner;
125x120, fronting two main roads;. superb soil;
choice climate; grand view; for business or
residence this excels; come and look Into this
bargain; only $590; time limit-one week; it
lays near a fine 3-story school house; electric
car line, two churches close by;. 12 new nice
homes gone up within 4 months; adjoins East
Oakland. Call or send . for. circular. - 455
Seventh St.. opposite Broadway station, Oak-
land. HENRY *.. JONES, Owner.
POLK, 1002—3 and 6 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping, $15 up; reference.
$27C0— IN the neighborhood of the university;
house of 6' rooms and . bath; lot 50x134:6;
6treet work all done; a bargain.
$5000— House of 9 rooms and bath; lot 52z
160; gas and electric light connections; street
work all done; within ten minutes' walk of
the university and R. R. station.
Hopkins Terrace— 250 ¦ feet above the bay;
finest view; r.o back climbs.
Hlllegass Tract— The cheapest, choicest,
largest lots in Berkeley
For sale by JOS. J. MASON, adjoining
Postofflce, Berkeley.
$300 FOR lots on Grove st.; 50x135; opposite the
new Hich School. MAY "& MORTIMER,
Berkeley, Cal.
$S50— FOR 3 lots, each 40x135; sewered; near
schools : a snap - for the investor. MAY &
MORTIMER... ,. -
$3750 — MODERN up-to-date home; 7 rooms;
large lot; street work all done; near college.
MAY & MORTIMER.
$1900 — Lot 80x150; nearly new modern cot-
tage of 5 rooms and bath; $250 cash and $20
per month.
$2100— Lot 50x140; with 2-story house of €
rooms and bath; $300 down and balance to
6ult; 2 blocks from Park-street station.
$2500— Lot 33:4rl50, with a fine, well-built
modern cottage of 6 rooms and bath; 1 Mock
from school and station; will sell on easy
monthly installments.
$3000— Lot 40xla0; elegant new modern cot-
tage of 6 rooms and bath; elegant front and
rear porch; $500 down and $25 per month;
great bargain: near Morton-street station.
$3500— Lot 40x150; new modern story and
half cottage of S rooms and bath, with fine
finished basement; $500 down and $27 60 per
month installment; 2 blocks from station and
school.
$G000— Lot 50x207%; on Main 8 venue, near
school and station, with elegant 10-room resi-
dence, stable and carriage house; cost $11,000;
a great enap.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.,
1422 Park street, • Alameda,
$SO0 — LOT 45x150; 6-room house; one block
from Park street; easy terms.
$1600— Lot 33:4x125; house of 5 rooms and
bath; on Central ave.; will sell on monthly
$15no— SIX lets, clear, for sale, or will exchange
for house and lot; no objection to small in-
i-umbranc*; will pay cash difference; give full
description and, location of propertv. Box
4355. Call office.
GROCERY store in Berkeley: stock and fix-
tures at Invoice. LITTLE & WOOLSEY, 2108
Shattuck ave., Berkeley.
WILL EXCHANGE— For suburban property
around the bay or San Jose, one of the finest
corners on Eleventh St., in Oakland. 50x100
ft. lot: 12-room house; value $8000. Want a
cheaper property and cash balance. Box 4426.
Call.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
11400— HOUSE of 5 rooms, bath; corner lot; 45x
125- small stable and chicken house; terms
easy. LITTLE & WOOLSEY, 2108 Shattuck
ave., Berkeley. ¦ -.•¦-.
TO EXCHANGE.
A good home in Berkeley of 7 rooms and
bath; lot 125x270; fruit trees and berries; to
exchange for a ranch within 100 miles of San
Francisco. LITTLE & WOOLSEY, 2108 Shat-
tuck ave., Berkeley.
$1200— A FINE corner on Shattuck ave. ; lOOx
100: street work done. LITTLE & WOOL-
SEY. 2108 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley.
$10 CASH, to MONTHLY.
LEVEL LOTS. PRICE $150.
In Santa Fe, the new terminal city at Point
Richmond. -Terminus of the Santa Fe R. R.
McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery at.
POINT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. CaL
FOR Mendocino County stock ranches and
farms address W. M. PEERY. Ukiah. CaL
CALL and see the 2 new 5-room cottages I
am building: high basement; mantel; all Oie
latest nlumbln: well, tank and windmill ;
10 minutes to R. R. station; price only $1400;
$100 cash: balance on easy payments. J. R.
PERKINS, Lorin station. Berkeley. •- >
BFOR sale— An improved 7-acre income orchard;
H mile from San Jose. Address box 4465. Call.
FOR sale or exchange — A fine stock and gen-
eral farm of noo acres. Address L. H.
BROWN, Nai« City. Cal.
KEARNY, 34, and 47 Post— Sunny furnished
rooms and offices; rent reasonable, i^^i j
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
HOUSE of 5 large rocms, lot '50x150, for Bale
cheap. Address box 39D3. Call office.
$1LOO— NEW modern 5-room cottage with lot.
$300 caeh and $12 £0 per month. J. H. TOLMj,
owner, 1243 Park st. -. i-7^
ED.
Real
Estate.THE COAST RECORD.
= s a o s . - *o
I «Sg?f Jl fii
«<»» f illf |f %l h
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
', ' The . census returns Kivins the area* of
various . States show . that the ¦ one which
has the largest amoun! of land under
water is Florida, and the least, In propor
tion to tta size, Wyoming:.
Articles — - Open. High.': Low. > Close.
Wheat No. 2— ; ¦ . . ¦ .
July ;.......- 66% : 66% .65% , 65%
September ......... : 69& ¦- 69H ., •. 66V4 . .6714
December-. " IIM " THi - . : 6SV4 69H
- Corn '• NO. 2— . ' • 4 ¦ '
July ....-.,..: 4S\L 50 48'i ¦ 49%
September '....:..".. 64 . 54 ; 49ft :&0$
December ..;/.;....'- 53»4 53ft : ' 49 '60.
* ¦ ; ; — *
CHICAGO, July 13.— Higher cables . and re
ports of the spreading of the hot, dry^weather
Into the spring' wheat territory caused & strong
opening. In wheat. However, the advance -was
maintained but a few minutes,' when upon re
ports of rain . in the West, traders became
panic-Etricken in their anxiety to sell; .and
prices dropped accordingly. Some recovery
and a renewal of confidence resulted from pre
dictions of continued hot weather for another
thirty-six hours, but trading was rather light
during' the second , half of the session.' Sep
tember opened %@&c to l@l%c higher at 6S%c
to 69^c, broke to 66%c, ralUed ' on covering by
shorts and closed lc lower ax 67H® l 67%c. *
There was an exciting opening in the corn
pit and sales, were made simultaneously . any
where frcm 53c to 54c for September. The buy
ing lasted but a few minutes and there was
then a wild struggle by, longs : to . unload,
brought about by reports of rain: Prices de
clined 1 about 5 cents before they rallied, ¦ but
further rumors of rain caused another decline.
September, closed 3%c - lower 1 'at '.50lic
Oats opened about steady In sympathy with
corn, but weakness was predominant t during
the greater part of the day." September closed
with a loss of l%@l»ic at 30%©31c. •
. Provisions were dull and steady with few
features of Interest. September pork closed 10c
lower, lard 5c lower and ribs with a .loss of
2V4@fc .' ; ¦,__;___. ' .¦! : •;£:•,<
. The ¦ leadlnc "t utures ranged as follows: V:
Drastic liquidation of speculative accounts
has swept the stock market this . week and
considerable long selling has been added under
the threat of damage to values of securities
by developments indicating future impairment
of earning power. The speculative buying,
which was conducted pretty eteadlly during
June, has been thoroughly shaken out and the
level of prices cairieci below where it started.
The process was begun last week and cut
•ihort by the aojournment of the Stock Ex
< hung from Wednesday until Monday of this
week. T'ie developments during the interfm
aggravated the : rtsture to tell this week. » A
eurvey of the motives of the June speculation
will help the understanding of the acuteness
0/ the depression this week. For one thing,
the stiffness of the money market wa» per-
Firtently Ignored during June on the supposi
tion that with the July requirements met and
the accumulations rediebursed there would be
sr t abundance of resources and easy credits.
On the contrary, bankers have shown a
mark«>d indisposition to extend credits for
*P*-oulatlv« purposes. They have exercised
more stringent discrimination as to collateral
under the influence of the disclosures in con
nection with the Seventh National Bank fail
ure and they have called many loans to repair
Inroads made upon tbeir legal reserves. Fresh
exports of gold to Germany made additional
drains. The movements oT the Interior money
markets have indicated an unusually early de
mand upon New York for funds to move the
crops and bankers have felt impelled to pre
pare themselve* for this. The sums disbursed
for dividends and interest on July 1 made no
impression on the stock market In the way
of ceniand for reinvestment. Wall street is
inclined to recognize a division Into two groups
of the dominant financial power of the -country
— the distinction between which was empba
rtze<J by the struRKle for control ot Northern
Pacific. The operations of these two groups
are easily distinguished as independent, but as
a result of the promised settlemAat of the
Northern Paelnc contest they were ¦ supposed
to be not antagonistic and to be u one to
support the stock market at the high range
of pricee. The fear got abroad -thla week that
the policy of the two groups In this respect
wm diverging i earn. Brokers supposed to act
SEW YORK, July 13. — There was a feverish
and erratic market for 6tocks throughout the
day's chort eessicn due to hesitation engen
dered in the minds of the bears by the vio
lent break in the corn market and by the
l8rge recuperation in the condition of the
clearing house banks disclosed by the weekly
bank statement. There were two sharp
rallies on account of these factors. Neither
rally was held with any firmness and the mar
ket closed with renewed declines at many
points en realizing and sharp advances In in
dividual stocks. There was evidence of con
tinued pressure to liquidate in the opening
d«allngs. most marked in the United States
Steel stocks. The preferred was carried down
2% before vigorous support rallied it. The com
mon lost V& and rallied more easily. The pre
ferred rose again l^i with the general rally in
the market, but continued under pressure.
The recent market leaders— St. Paul, Atchison
*nd Union Pacific— lost 1 to 2 points, but
came up vigorously when the break in corn
on the Chicago market was reported. The re
covery in corn sent prices of stocks down
again, as it was feared the movement was
more due to precautionary realizing by longs
In corn on the possibility .of Sunday rains
than to actual new* of amelioration of the
conditions in the corn belt.
New York Stock Market.
OATS — 'Weather, and crop I conditions in - the
West continue very bad. as will be seen under
the head t>f Corn.- In Iowa,- which has hitherto
fared better: than- the- neighboring. States "the
crop Is now said to be a failurfc,. which makes
It bad for Texas,' as that State haB - been ¦ rely
ing on "Iowa for her -Oat supply this year.
?The. San Francisco market continues dull and
featureless, with light stocks * and an . equally
light demand. White, »l 35@1 45; ¦ Surprise,
$1 50@l 56; .Red,- 9?%c@|l 12%; Black. $110(2
120 per ctl. r - - \ . ;¦ , ; •.-.. ¦:.,¦-.-..
CORN— Chicago opened at 54c, : but dropped
like a' shot . to. E0<4o on; reported rains In the
belt. - It was * subsequently learned, however
tnat there was rain "over, a. limited area in
Southeast Iowa and * Northeast .; Missouri . only;
but the market, did not recover, '-having been
largely oversold I during the past three or" four
days. Dispatches to Bolton. de Ruyter.&'Co.
said that weather and crop conditions remained
unchanged. - Except i In , the 1 limited area I above
mentioned the weather was hot and dry with
a continuation predicted by the Weather Bu
reau. One I recognized - authority says I that • the
Kansas crop Is ¦; practically - gone. ( ' Snow, ¦ the
statistician, says : • "We I have . had a . week I of
the wonst!- weather conditions on record, in: the
Corn belt." -Missouri and -" Kansas i cannot , now
make over. half a .crop. ." The northern, part' of
the . belt -. has hitherto ¦ been <¦ In good > oonditlon,
but nowvlowa is- catching-it" with Corn -aha
Oats, ¦- the latter being a failure.' ' : 1 This makes
It bad for, Texas, as that ' State i. has been rely-
In p. on Iowa for. her Oat supply, this " year. '"•;-'
, The' San! Francisco market shows no further
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales,
Second Session— No sales. ¦ : -
CALL BOARD . SALES.
BARLEY— The slender quantity on the mar
ket enables dealers to sustain prices without
difficulty. Feed, 73%c for choice bright, 7H4®
72'^c for No. 1 and 67%@68%c for off grades-
Brewing and Shipping grades, 75@82}*c; Clieva
ller, nominal. ¦¦ . • -. > : . . -
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 8000
ctls, $1 00%; 4000, $1 00%; 30,000, $1 00%.
Second Session— December— 6000 ctls. 11 (KW4:
10.000, -u 00%. : . - - . . . ¦
Regular Morning Session — December — 2000 ctls
$10094. ,- - - '
CALL BOARD SALES.
In this market futures dropped 1 In sympathy
with Chicago. Spot values stood about the
same. ¦ ¦' . ' ¦¦
Spot- Wheat— Shipping, ; 96»4c; milling, 9S»ic@
$1 01«4 per- ctl. :
Chicago declined In sympathy with the break
In the coarse grains, corn selling oft sharply
on rumors, subsequently seen to be groundless,
of rains in the corn belt. The drop was from
68%c to 66%c. with a '.subsequent recovery to
67»4c. There was an ominous telegram from
Minneapolis saying that the Northwest was
menaced by" the same conditions that have
lately been damaging oats and corn, viz., hot
and dry weather. The thermometer at Huron.
South Dakota, rose to : 104 and damage of 10
to 15 per cent to the crop was reported.' The
AVeather Bureau predicted similar weather for
the following day.- In addition chinch bugs
were reported In Minnesota.
/ WHEJAT— Llverf^Jl futures were higher. It
was a holiday at Paris.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days ...... — . $4 86
Sterling exchange, sight, '— 4 88VS
Sterling Cables — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight ....... — - 12%
New York Exchange, telegraph..' — 15 .
Silver, per ounce.*. — . 58%
Mexican dollars, nominal 49'<j @ 50
Exchange and Bullion.
UNITED STATES BONDS. ': ' '*:.\"
Bid.Ask.| ."...-.. - Bld^Ask.
4s quar coup..ll2%113V4|4s <ir c Jnew) .l&Kmx
4s quar reg....H2%113% 3s quar coup..l08»4109H
¦ •, I' MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P C 5s.l05H106% Oceanic" SS 5s.l01 «. —
Cal-st 5s: 116U — Omnibus R 6s. 127' —
C C Water "5s.. 107V4 — ¦ Pac G" Imp 4s. — 1C0 .
Ed L & P 6s..l2$iil33V2 Pk&CH 6s.. 106 —
Fer & 01 R 6s.ll7% - Pk&OR 6s..U7 —
Geary-st 5s — — Powll-st R 6s.l2O —
H C & S 5V4S.106& — Sac E G R 5s. — —
Do 53 — 102% S F & 8JV 5s. 120 121%
Los Ang R 5s. 116 — Sierra Car 63.. — 110 ¦
L A Light 6s.. — 102- S P of A 6s
Do gntrt 6S..100 - (1909) ... — .111% —
Do gntd 5S..103- — (1910) 111% —
L A & Pac 5s.l00% — S P of C 6s
Do 1 cm Bs.102% — (1905), Ser A. 108 108?i
Markt-st C 6s. 125% — . <1905). Her B.109 —
Do l.c m fis.123 . — . (1906) ...109% —
Nev C N G 78.105 114 (1912) .. ......119 122
Nor R Cal 6s. 112 — S P of Cal 1st
Do 5s. ..:.., -.119 — cp gntd g 5s. W7 —
Nor Pac C 6a. 100% ->¦ S P Br Cal 6s. 133% —
Do 5s 105 H — S V Water 6s. — 114U
Nor RCal"6s.ll0 113 Do 4s ..1C2%1O3V.
Oak Gas 8B....U2H — ' Do 4s 3d m..l01 — '
Do Trans 6s.ll6%117% Stktn Gas 6s.. — ~-'-
Do Water 5s. — 103
V. WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costal. — 81 (Spring Valley. 8( • tl
Marin County. 50 — |. \ ,
-, ¦ . GAS AND ELECTRIC. . %
Cent L & P.- 31.4 — - Pacific Light.. 47% 4%%
Equitable.' 4% 5 ' Sacramento ... — .
Mutual .......i 56 ~ — '- S F G & E- 43% —
Oakland - ...... 50% 61 San Francisco.' 4% VA
Pac Gas Imp. 42% 43 Stktn G & E.. 8 —
. :¦<?;; . ::'•. ¦ INSURANCE. . .
Flrem's Fund.24S 250 I : ¦ " "
. . -".BANKS.. .'.'.-'-::^VV '"•-;,;
Anglo-Cal .... 77% — L & P A: . . . .-.150 .160 '
California ...'..4O8&41O Mer Ex (liq).. 16 : —
'Cal Safe Dep..lO8 — ' S F, National.127,^ —
First Natlonl..305 — , -' ,.
-' SAVINGS BANKS.-,', j.,
'¦ '.-' •-.: -.• " San Francisco. 515 '
German ....... —1925 Sav & Loan... — ' —
¦Humboldt.:. 1 ..:— — SeciTrity- ¦</...:. 275 '-.— -
Mutual. .......:50 — Union : Trust.~.160O . —
r ;" : STREET RAILROADf. - .
California ...'..ISO .134 O S L &' H.:.\ 40 —
Geary ......"...—' 40-- Presidio-. — 36',3
Market T3V* .74% It -. : • •
' Powdert. .•-¦"'.
Giant. 75. 77 (VlgOrlt "3 vjj;
-Jvxi*;-:;; '¦•; .: *2 - .sugar."'--:" "T - - ' ••¦¦.
Hana .:........ «H',6?4 Kilauea. ....... 17»4 — '
Hawaiian..... 60 . — -- Makawell ..... 33 > 3S^i
Honokaa .....118% 19^» Onomea ..-...:; 2\%'~ -
Hutchlnson ' . ".': , 17V4 — ¦ Paauhau '.V. : :. 23 • • — '
SATURDAY.' July" 13-^12 m.
*_ — . _ __ , _ — 3.
Business was light on all the exchanges and
the only fluctuation worthy of note was an
advance in Spring Valley Water to $S6 25.
The Bear Flag Oil Company has levied . an
assessment of 2c, delinquent in office August
13. - '"'¦-.'¦•-
Sales on the Producers' Oil Exchange last
week were 31,916 shares, valued at $14,835, the
leading sales " being as follows:" California
Standard, 1500 shares; Caribou, 2435; Independ
ence, 1300; Junction, 4180; Lion, 5000; Occiden
tal, 3925; Oil City, 1150;' Petroleum Center, 6045;
Sterling, 21C0."
Local bank dividends are payable, to-morrow
as follows: Bank of California. $4 per share
for the ¦ quarter. . Calif ornia Safe Deposit. .and
Trust Company, $150 per share for the quar
ter; Nevada National Bank, $3 50 per share
for the half year; Wells, Fargo & Co., $3 per
share for the half year. - ¦ . . . - t . .
STOCK AND BOND- EXCHANGE.
EASTERN MARKETS
NEW YORK. July 13.- FLOUR-Receipts,
25,004 barrels; exports, 34.S22 barrels; sales, 2900
packages. Irregular and quiet.' Minnesota,
patents, $3 65@3 90; Minnesota, bakers', $3 05@
3 15; winter sa tents, $3 55@3 SO; winter extras,
$2 50@2 80; winter low grades, $2 30@2 40. ',-
WHEAT— Receipts, 266,200 bushels; exports,
218,253 bushels. Spot— Easy. No. - 2 red, 75%a
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 72%c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 78^4c f. 0. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth, 83%C t : _j/ b. afloat. Options-
Opened firm, but were broken very sharply by
the collapse In corn and by free unloading.
Closed unsettled at %@lc net decline. July,
73@73 3-l6c, closed 73%c; September, 72%@73%c,
closed 72%c; October, 72%@73%c, closed 73c;
December, 74%@75%c, closed 74%c.
HOPS— Steady. State, common to choice,
1300 crop, ll©18c; Pacific Coast, 1900 crop, 16®
18 Vic.
HIDES— Steady. ' Galveston. 18@18#c; Cali
fornia, MYzc; Texas, dry. 14V-".
WOOL— Dull. Texas, 17c.
COFFEE— Spot— Rio, dull; No. 7 invoice,
5-13-16c: mild, quiet; Cordova, S%iff,l2Mc Fu
tures — Closed net unchanged. Total sales, 6850
bisjp. Including: August, $4 95; October, $5 05;
November, $5 10;' December, $5 05; April, $5 56.
SUGAR— Raw, steady: fair refining, 3 9- 16c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 4 3 16c; molasses sugar,
3 5-16c. Refined, steady. No. 6. 4.95c; No. 7,
4.85c; No. 8, 4.75c; No. 9, 4.70c; No. 10, 4.65c;
No. 11. 4.60c; No. 12, 4.55c; No. 13, 4.55c; No.
14. 4.50c: standard A, 5.30c; confectioners' A,
5.30c; n-old A, 5.85c; cut loaf. 6c; crushed, 6c;
powdered, 5.60c; granulated, 5.60c: cubes. 5.60c.
BUTTER— Receipts. 6784 packaees: firmer.
State dairy. ll@18%c; creamery, 15@19%c; fac
tory, 13@15>/4c. , \
EGGS— Receipts, 5095 packages; strong. West
ern candled, 13@15c: Western uncandled, 9@
12%c. ' ¦ • • , -
. ,-VV DRIED FRUITR
The market for dried fruits was quiet, clos
ing steady.
EVAPORATED APPL.ES— State, common to
good, 3V4@5c: urime, 5%@5%c; choice, 6@6&c;
fancy, . 6V4@7c. •
Trade la California dried fruits -was com
paratively lisht. -• .
PRUNES— 2%@SVic per pound, as to size and
quality. •" \,'.
APRICOTS— Royal, 8@12c; Moorpark, 7U@12c
PEACHES— Peeled, ll@12c;_unpeeled, 6@10c. -:
m : : 41.
Palermo— South wind; early p«ars being ehlp
ped.
San Jose — Xorth wind; apricots excellent qual
ity.
Hollister— Threshers running wheat and bar
ley; yielding up to full expectations; good Qual
ity.
Hanford — Xorth ¦wind : all crops "favorable.
Santa Maria — Apricota beginning to ripen;
crop light; beans and grain conditions un
changed.
Napa— South wind; clear; morning high fog:
barley good crop; berries fair; other fruits
about the same. G. H. TVTLLSON.
Local Forecast Official. Temporarily in Charge.
Nrjv York Grain and Produce.
John Gibson (ownar) with ' W. R. Kenney
(contractor), dans .by' owner— All work ex
cept Imantela. ras fixtures • and shades for a.
3-story frame' building '3 flats) on lot on N
line of Fourteenth street. 100 E of Folsom,
E 25. 116.513, thence 23:10 to a point S 118.773.
Mission block 18; $4720. . . . "- ~." c , ;V_ !
Henry Hoffinan (owner) with Charles Alaup
(contractor). architect John " McHenry— All
work for two 2-story frtime buildings on lot on
N line of Green street, 127:6 E;of Sttfaer, E
50 byN 137:6r $0733.
Builders' Contracts.
Joseph H. and Elizabeth . H- . Dunn t» Emit
Kehrlein. .same: $10.
George C. and Etta H. Edwards to* Isaac and
Mary M. Smith." lot on E line 1 of Eleventh ave
nue, 175 S of O street. S 50 by E 120; $lfe ~*.
Jacob and-Llna Heyman to William and
Ernilv Maloney, lots 576 and 678. gift map. 2;
$500. -•.--. - ¦ s - .;-
Lizzie and Amy McCausland to Bank and
Trust Company of Tomales, lots - 45 to SO,
block 6, lots 30 apd 35, block I. lots 23 and ».
block -15. lots 43 and 44, block- 23, lota 45 to 47.
block 14. lots 12 to 17. block 20. lot* 4 to 13.
block 81,- Iota 10 to 16, block 21, lota 16 to 19.
block 28, lots 12 and 13, block 32. Lakevlew;
$30co.«- 1 •¦:•-.
William McCausland to same, lots 14 to 19,
block 31. .lots 6 to U. block 20.- lots 38. 89 and"
43, block 19. lots 45 and -46. ¦ block 23. lots 1 to
4 bloc?? 5. Lakaview, and all interest in Lake
view: ?1500. "
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to LI1119
A. Lange, lot in Odd Fellows'. Cemetery; $135.
. London and San Francisco Bank (limited) to
Gottlieb Relchstetter. lot on W corner of - JT
street and - Tenth avenue. NW 73 by SW 23.
block 210," Wardenville" Homestead, $10- "
Estate Adolph BIssinger (by Samuel 'and Isi
dore Bissinger, executors) to William Matson,
lot on N line. of Jackson street, 137:6 E of
Octavia, E 68:9 by N 127:8%: $40,000.
Helen C. EMxon to Fannie L. Tyler, lot orx
S line of California street, 156:3 E of Webster,
E 25 by S 137:6; $1000.
Emite and Felicien Bareilles to Barellle*
Estate Company, lot on SW corner of CFarrell
and Hoi Us streets. W 90 by S. 50: also lota 6.
6, 7, lp and ]£, block 436, • South San Fran
clsco Homesteaa and Railroad Association; also
lot on NE line " of Twenty-third avenue, 300
NW of K street, NW 75 by NE 100. being &
portion of block 436.' same: also lot on W cor
ner of Salvador and Savannah streets. SW
225 by SW 100. being a portion of block 436.
same; also lot on NE line of Twenty-second
avenue. B0 SE of K street, SE 23 by NE ICO.
being a portion of block 423, same; also lots
13 and 14. block 436. same; $13,000.
Evan "Watts to Welsh" Presbyterian Congrega
tion, lot on S line of Fourteenth street. 253
W of Valencia. W 40 by S 130; $10.
Frank and Rebecca J. Greenan (by Califor
nia Safer Deposit and Trust Company, trustee)
to James S. Hutchinson. 1S94 D. 92. lot on K
line of Treat avenue, 108 ;T% M of Fourteenth,
street, -N 28:7%. E 122:6, S 25:2%, W 122:6,
trustee's deed; $3C0O.
Estate- Thomas F. I* Qu!n (by Maude Quin.
administratrix) to Louisa G. W. Fisk. lot on
W line of Chattanooga street. 195 N of Twenty
third, N 25 by 117:6; J2C0O.
Maude Quln to same, uame; $10.
• Henry and Maria F. J.' M. Mails to Wilson
Estate Company, lot on S line of Sacramento
street, 102:10% E of Montgomery, E 1% Inches
by S 137:6: . : ' .
• -Wilson Estate Company to Henry "Malls. lot
on S line of Sacramento street, 102:9 • E of.
Montgomery, E \y 3 inches by' S 137:6; .
. Charleys A. Bon and Marie E. Chauche to
John E. Fitzpatrick. lot on N line of Commer
cial street, 41 :11 W of Kearny, W 40 by IT
55: $10- f -
Amelia and A. Aronson to Anna A. O'Con
nell, lot on N line of Union Square avenus
(Morton, street), 1S3:4 E of Stockton. E 45:10 by
N 60:' $18,730.- •¦ ' '
California Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany to Henrietta L. Stadtmuller, lot on W
line of Taylor street. 173 N of Broadway. N
29:6, W 74. SI.W 26. S 28:6, E 100; $3000. i
Sarah MV and E. B. Dunning to same, lot
on W line of Taylor street. 202:6% N,of Broad
way, N 72:5 by- W 74: $2300.
California Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany, "to Ida. C. Kelsey, lot Tin W line of Tay
lor street, 169:6 N of Broadway, N 3:6. W 1M.
S 3:6. E IS, N 3, E 15. S 2^ E 40. S 1, B 27; $10.
Same to same, lot commencing 74 W ot Tay
lor street and 72:6 S of Vallejo. W 26 by S 1:
$10. . ' . -
Charles W. Sutro to Anna A. O'Connell. lot
on N line of Ellis street, 37:6 E of Jones, E SO
by N 87:6; $15,250. ;.
Callaghan Estate Company to Charles G.
White, lot on W line of Eleventh avenue, 150
T» of I street. N 25 by W 120; $10.
Frank V. and Emma F. Pistolesi to Eliza
beth H. 1 . Dunn, -lot on E line of Ninth avenue,
230 S of H street, S 23 by E 120. quitclaim
de.d; $40. ¦ - -. „--•
HEAL ESTATE TBANSACTIONS.
SPECIAL DAILY FRUIT SERVICE.
\> £-Al±lt.rt CUAUUIUAS AS\XJ lif.M'.HAl.
FORECAST.
Generally clondy weather prevails over "Wash
ington and Oregon and clear weather over the
lemainder of the Pacific Slope. lAght showers
ere reported from Eastern Washington and
Northeastern Oregon.
The jressure has risen over the Pacific Slope
and fallen over the Rocky Mountain region.
An area of high pressure _ls central off tfce
"Washington coaet and a trough of low pres
sure over the plateau region.
The temperature has fallen In Eastern Waeb
lnexon an<3 risen o\"er Central CaUfornia; else
where the- change* have been slight.
Conditions are favorable for fair and some
yhf.t warmer weather in California Sunday.
WEATHER CONDITION'S AND GENERAL
Astoria - 30.14 64 E2 SW' Cloudy -00
Raker iS.SS 72 4S SW Cloudy .02
Carson 29.99 76 62 SE Clear .00
Eureka
Fresno 29. S6 04 58 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 2».!»i >4 5« SW Clear .00
Pocatello. Idaho.2y.66 8s 70 NW Clear .00
Independence -3.66 5(4 64 W Clear .00
Los Angeles 2S.M fcS 54 W Clear " .00
Phoenix £3.64 1<1S 84 SW Clear .00
Portland 30. cS 68 52 SW Pt Cldy .00
Red Bluff 78 56 SE Clear .00
Koecburg SO. 10 6* 50 NWPtCldy .00
Sacramento 25.92 S6 E2 SW Clear .00
Pi. It Lake 2S.7C 96 72 SW Clear .00
Fan Francisco ...29.88 62 48 W Clear .00
{-an Luis Obispo. 23. 96 76 44 N Clear -00
£&n Diego ».S4 72 60 NTT Clear .00
Seattle 30.08 »4 4S SW Cloudy -00
fpokane 29.92 70 54 SE Pt Cldy .20
Neah Bay 30.12 5S 4S SW Cloudy .00
Walla Walla 29. S4 £0 56 S Rain -OS
¦Winnemucca 29.78 82 54 W Clear .00
Vuma 29.66 US 78 W Clear .00
489,300 Sh|rea sold
CLOSING BONDS.' . . v
U S.2s refunding NT Cent ists.....I04$i
re«r 107i,i N.J Cent eren 5e... 130 ,
do coup 107V« North Pac 3s ..... 72%
do Js reg 108 do 4s .103%
do coup .....108% N Y C & St L 4s.lO"l4
do ntw 4s reg... 138% Nprf & W con 4s.. 103
do cWip- 138% Or Nav lsu 107
do old 4s reg 112%, do *b ' 102%
do coup ...112% Or S Line 6s 130
"do 5s reg.. ....:. .109 . do con 5s ...,.'...117%
«o coup ..........109 Reading, gen */... 95
Dlst of Col 2.05s. ..125 ROW lsts :\. 101%
Atchison gen 4s...lO3'/-i' St L & I M con 5s.llT' 4
do adj 4b :.. 97 St L & S F gen 63. 133%
Can. South 2ds 110 ' St Paul cons ISO
Ches & Ohio 4%s..lO8 St P C & Pac lsts. 120
do 6s 119" do 5s ........lnvi
C & N W con 7s. .142% South Pac 4s 91%
aa S F deb 5s... 122% 'South Rallway5s..ll7%
Chi Term 4s . .."... 92% S Rope & T 6e.... 60
Colo South 4s"..... Sa Tex & Pac lsts.... 118%
D & It G 4s .......101 do 2ds ........V.. .103
Erie gen 4s ....... 87 Union Pac 4s .... .104*4
Ft W & D C lsts.103 Wabash lsts ...:;. 118%
Gen Elec 6s'.' .200 ' do 2ds ...:.. ...... 113
Iowa" Cent .< lsts ..115" West-Shore 4s ....112
L & Nash uni 4s.;lO2 ' Wls Cent IbU .... S6%
M K & T Ids...:.; S4 . Ve Centuries'...;. S8
do la ...; »'. *T
1L&00 Pennsylvania 143U
9.900 Reading ....:... 33
3.900 Reading 1st prefd 74%
4,900 Reading 2d prefd. 43%
1,300 St Louis & San Francisco 42%
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 78
800 Et Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 6S%
100 St Louis Southwestern 28
300 St Louis Southwestern prefd 60
21,200 6t Paul - 155%
200 St Paul prefd ..182
19,900 Southern Pacific ....t 51%
8,400 Southern' Railway 29%
2.100 Southern Railway prefd 83V4
7.000 Texas & Pacific • 38%
Toledo St Louis & "Western 20'.4
2.000 Toledo St Louis A "Western prefd... 33%
68,600 Union Pacific ;...» 34%
ECO Union Pacific prefA.. 87>4
3M Wabash ...A..... 19Vi
3.100 Wabash prefd ..V. 36%
200 ¦Wheeling & Lake Erie.... 17
1,100 "Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 29%
600 Wisconsin Central 20%
100 Wisconsin Central prefd.... 41%
P C C & St L&uis.. 77%
Express Companies— - -.-'; - .
Adams • 165
........ American 192
United States '• 85
Wells Fargo 140
Miscellaneous—
16.400 Amalgamated Copper 113%
2,900 American Car & Foundry 28%
1.500 American Car & Foundry prefd.... 82%
American Linseed Oil 25%
SCO American Linseed Oil prefd 62
1,100 American Smelting &. Ref 52%
2,100 American Smelting & Ref prefd 100
4.000 American Tobacco .129
1,500 Anaconda Mining Co 44
6,400 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 76%
800 Colorado Fuel \ Iron 93%
2,000 Consolidated: Gas 212%
1.100 Continental Tobacco 65
Continental Tobacco prefd ....116%
200 General. Electric 248
200 Glucose Sugar :.., 54
1,000 Hocking Coal 18%
100 International Paper 21
100 International ' Paper prefd 75
200 International Power ....:. 90
Laclede Gas 95
100 National Biscuit 42
National Lead 20%
National Salt 43%
National Salt prefd 26
500 North American 96
...f... Pacific Coast 04
Pacific Mail 36
2,700 People's Gas ii3yi
2C0 Pressed Steel Car.... 41
Pressed Steel Car prefd 83
Pullman Palace Car 205
1.2C0 Republic Steel 1S«4
COO RepuMlc Steel prefd.. 77%
8.900 Sugai) 136V*
3,600 Tennessee Coal & Iron 68%
100 Union Bag & Paper Co...' 15
200 Union Bag & Paper Co prefd 70
1,200 United States Leather 12U
600 United States Leather prefd....;.;. 76%
200 United States Rubber 19%
United States Rubber... .-.53
60.200 United States Steel „. 4114
S9.100 United States Steel prefd.."......... 9114
1,500 Western Union "."..; 90
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares . Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
35,900 Atchison 73 li
11,600 Atchison prefd - 94V4
3.100 Baltimore & Ohio 95
Baltimore & Ohio prefd 91
1,500 Canadian Pacific ,-lOOVi
Canada Southern , 67
2,1«) Chesapeake & Ohio 43%
$50 Chicago <fc Alton .'37
100 Chicago & Alton prefd 75
S00 Chicago Burlington & Quincy ...194^4
1,209 Chicago Ind & Louisville 83Vi
Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 68
_ Chicago & Eastern Illinois 123%
3,209 Chicago & Great Western 22 '
Chicago & Great Western A pfe-fd.. 81
600 Chicago & Great Western B prefd.. 45%
' 800 Chicago & Northwestern 189
8,700 Chieatro Rock Island & Paeiflc. 133
700 Chicago Terminal and Transit 19
1,200 Chicago Terminal & Transit prefd.. 37
609 C C C & St Louis ! 87%
SO) Colorado Southern 13
300 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 48>4
100 Colorado Southern 2d- prefd .i.. 20%
1,500 Delaware & Hudson :... 150^4
6C0 Delaware Lacka wanna &. Western.. 223
-- 700 Denrer-ft Rio Grande ...:.-.... 42
• 1,200 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 90%
14.S00 Erie _ ., - 36%
2,200 Erie 1st prefd 6«
600 Erie 2d prefd hlM
400 Great Northern prefd 176V4
200 Hocking Valley 49V4
100 Hocking Valley prefd ..; 73
700 Illinois Central .-.-14Sy,
1,000 Iowa Central - 35
900 Iowa Central prefd 73
Lake Erie & Western II
* Lake Erie & Western prefd.... 118
6,100 Louisville & Nashville .....103%
6.500 Manhattan L 116%
5.400 Metropolitan Street Railway 165V«,
5.7M Mexican Central .22%
500 Mexican National 9%
100 Minneapolis & St Louis 102
12.100 Missouri Pacific ...104%
2,100 Missouri Kansas & Texas 26
1,200 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 53Vs
New Jersey Central 156
4,100 New York Central 15tf4
J.100 Norfolk & Western 47%
Norfolk & Western prefd 89
400 Northern Pacific prefd 96
5,100 Ontario & Western 31%
for members of the one group were selllnff
Etocks, while for the other there was buying.
Sensational reports . were published of a
i stormy interview between the two principal
representatives of the "groups which threatened
to reopen the wh61e Northern Pacific quarreL
In the absence of a formal authorized an
nouncement on the subject the inspired publi
cations designed to create assurances that all
was peace in Northern. Pacific "failed of their
purpose. The announcement by the Atchison
of an open cut in freight rates between Chi
cago and Missouri River points, to go into
effect July 15, was a proclamation of the
futility of the community of interests plan to
prevent rate contests in the very territory
where that policy had had its most striking
example. This .week's market -proves that
large speculative holdings still remained which
were boucht last June in the belief that the
community of interests plan would prevent
rate-cutting and which were unloaded Indis
criminately in the fright caused by the doubt
cast upon it. It will be seen, therefore, that
the stock market was in a weak position tech
nically. The damage to the corn crop is of
most Immediate concern to the Grangers, Pa
cifies aiid Scuthwesterns. A contributing cause
to the weakness of stocks was the threatened
strike of steel Workers.
The railroad bonds have been affected In
sympathy with stocks, but In much less de
gree. .«
United States new 4s declined '*£ and the re
funding 2s, old 4s and the 6s advanced \i per
cent over the closing call of last week.
(130th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
EAN FRANCISCO, July 18-5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported Irom stations In California to-day:
Mount Tamalpais. 72; San Luis Obispo, 7E;
Fresno, S4; Los Angeles. 88; Red Bluff, 7S; Sac
ramento. 86; Independence, 94; San Diego, 71
San Francisco /lata: Maximum temperature.
63; minimum. 4S; mean", 56.
Weather Report.
Local bank cle*rta»rs for the past week were
122,015,934, against $20.95«,€52 during the fame
week last year.
Bank Clearings.
Bid. Ask. I . Bid. Ask.
Alpha 01 03IJustice 01 02
Alta 1 04 06 Kentuck 01 03
Andes 03 Q4 Lady Wash 01 —
Belcher 03 10 Mexican IS 17
Best & Belcher 19 21 Occidental 03 04
Bullion ...'.:.... 01 03 Dphir ..- 68 63
Caledonia :..... 37 39 Overman 16 17
Challenge Con.. 22 241 Potosl : r ... 05 07
Chollar .:..-..—..' 06 07! Savage 07 C3
Confidence ..... 88 S9 Scorpion — 01
,Con Cal & Va.l 90 1 ?5 U e g Belcher — : C2
Con Imperial..: . 02 Sierra Nevada. 17 IS
CTon New York. 01 02 'Silver Hill • 23 29
Crown Point... 07 08 St Louts » 06 —
Eureka Con.... 06 — Standard .......3 70 —
Exchequer — .02 Syndicate ,05 07
Could. & Curry. 12 13 Union Cbn, ..... 14 13
Hale & Norcrs. -23 24 Utah.. 02 04
Julia — 02r/ellow Jacket.. 06 OS
SATURDAY. July 13—13 m.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
100 Confidence 87 200 Hale & Norcrs. 24
100 Confidence 88 200 Hale & Norcrs. 23
100 Confidence. 90 400 Mexican ....... 17
200 Crown Point... 08 500 Yellow Jacket. CS
Mornlnsr Session.
Following -were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday: .
25 Paauhau S P Co 23 CO
SO S F Gas & Electric Co, cash 43 50
5 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 50
10 Spring Valley Water, casn.. SS 23
PRC/DUCERS- OIL EXCHANGE.
• < • - •..• . . ¦ .- - ' y"':\
Morning: Session. • . j-
Board—. ¦ •. . ¦ • • -
ICO Caribou .; 89
100 Occidental of W Va • 43
20 Peerless ! 4 90
BOO Petroleum Center *<5
35 Reed Crude 35 ..
- . SAN FRANCISCO - OIL. EXCHANGE. : j
Morning Session.
Board— '„
1 Hanford J4 00
500 Lion .......*. 11
300 Occidental of W Va .'. ¦ 51
50 Peerless ; 5 CO
. MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the Saa Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session. • - ¦"¦
200 Challenge 23 100 Hale & Nbrcr«. 24
300 Con Cal & Va.l 90 100 Ophir 69
200 Crown Point:.. 08 ICO Savage 08
lOOOHale & Norcrs. 23 200 Sierra Nevada. 13
Morning Session. • ¦ • ' ••
Beard—
20 Hana Plantation Co ;. 8 23
25 Honokaa S Co IS 75
25 Hutchlnson S P Co 17 6V£
5 Kilauea S P Co ..* 17 25
20 Market Street. Rail way 74 00
Alaska Pack.. 131*4133 Oceanic S Co.. SO U
Cal Fruit Can. 96 97% Pac Aux P A 43 —
Cal Wine Asn. 99^101 . Pac C Borax. .143 —
Merchnts' Ex. .110 — # Par Paint .... IB —
MISCELLANEOUS
OREGON,
WASHINGTON.
Northern Wheat Market.
TACOMA. July 13.— Wheat— Quiet arid steady;
Bluestem, 57c;" Club. 56c.
— : — i — • ' .
PORTLAND, July 13.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
oo@56c. ¦ - ¦-• r '
PORTLAND, Or.,. July 13.— Clearings, $317,888;
balances, $49,935. . ' ' .
* LONDON, July 13.^ConsoIs, 92. .Silver,
26 15-16d. Cargoes on passage, quiet and steady;
English country markets, quiet. •¦
; LIVERPOOL, July 13.— WHEAT— Firm; No.
1 Standard California, 5s 10d@5s lO&d; French
country markets, quiet. ) . ; 7"
! COTTON— Uplands, 4 ll-16d.
I FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, dull, 7s 9d.
! HOPS (at London)— Pacific Coast, steady, £2
las® £3 5s.
• Portland's Business.
NEW YORK, July 13. f — The imports of • dry
goods and : merchandise ,aj J.he . port . of _ New
York for this week were valued at $8,645,437. .
Imports of specie this week were $30,739 gold
and $58,449 silver. • ¦ - - . - . - ,_. .
Exports of gold and silver from this point
to all countries for this week aggregate $627,722
silver bars and coin and $756,403 gold, i
'Foreign Markets. j
Exportsnnd Imports.
NEW YORK. July. 13.— Cotton closed steady,
6@8 points higher. -. ¦" . ' ...;,..".
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, July 13.— Trading was slow in
all branches of the metal trade, with prices
standing practically where they did yesterday,
owing to the absence of market cables from
London. There was a moderate demand for
spot tin on the basis of $27 50.
Copper was scarcely moving at all in large
lots and the prices are quoted on the basis
of 17c for lake and 16%c for casting. •
Lead isj about steady at 4%c. V
Spelter has a slow and small demand at
$3 90@<3 95. ' " .
Steel rails are quoted at $28 at the mill.' ;
Pigiron warrants, nominal, at $9 50@10.
New York Metal Market. !
ST JOSEPH, Mo., July 13.—CATTLE—Re
ceipt's 170. Nominal. Steady. - Natives; $4 15®
4 80; cows ' and heifers, $1 60@< 80; bulls and
stags, $2 25@5; stockers and feeders, $2 25@2 45;
veals, $2 75@5 50.
HOGS— Receipts, 9853.- Steady early, close 6@
10c lower. Light and light mixed, $5@5 90; me
dium and heavy, $5 85@6 20; pigs, $5.
SHEEP— Receipts, none.
ST. JOSEPH.
CHICAGO, July 13.— CATTLE— Receipts, 492,
Including 330 .Texans. Generally steady. Good
to prime steers, $5 10@6 20; poor to medium,
$3 90@5 10; stockers and feeders, $2@4; cows,
$2 40@4 50: heifers, $2 5O@4 90; canners, $1 75®
2 50; bulls. $2 25@4 40; calves, . *4@7; Texas
steers, $3 25@4 62^4; Texas bulls. $2 50@3 40.
HOGS— Receipts, to-day, 13,000; Monday, 33,-
CfcO; left over, 2300. Market 5@10c lower. Mixed
and butchers, $5 95@6 25; good to choice heavy,
$6 10@6 25; rough' heavy, $5 90@6 05; light, $5 90
@6 £0; bulk of sales, JC 05@6 20. .• •
SHEEP— Receipts, 1500.. Market for sheep
and lambs steady. Good 'to- choice wethers,
tittl 75; fair to choice mixed, $3 50@4 25; West
ern sheep, 93 70@4 40 i/ yearlings, $4 35@4 75; na
tive lambs, $3 75@6 25; Western lambs, shorn,
$3 75®5 35. ¦ ' '/i ¦ _ .
Chicago ; Livestock.
Wheat— ; Sept Dec.
Opening 6 6%- 6 7V4
Closing 5 6Vi 6 7%
v PARIS. .
' Wheat—- - - July. Sept. -Dec.
Opening ¦ ...Holiday.
Closing • • ...Holiday. ,
Flour-^- •
Opening Holiday.
Closing ...:. Holiday.
£: LTVKRPOOL.
Foreign Futures.
1 On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firmer; creameries, 14@19c; dair
ies, ll@16V4c Cheese, steady; 9@10c. Eggs,
steady; 12Hc ; . .-' •- . ;
Articles — '¦ - • • ' ' Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ...........:... 13,000 13,000
Wheat, bushels 118,000 335,000
Corn, bushels'......^. ....;.. .247,000 223.000
Oats, bushels .........153,000 332.000-
Rye, bushels 4,000 27,000
Barley, bushels 5,000 1.000
, "WASHINGTON, July 13,— To-day^s statement
of the treasury .balances shows: Available
cash balance, $171,103,647; gold, $101,221,859.
H ' _#
Condition of the Treasury.
The stock market to-day was stasrnant and
weak, -with consols flat at 91%. Americans were
fairly active, opening well above parity, but
sagged later. I After the close of business they
rallied oa the curb. .
NEW YORK, July 13. — The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
¦ NEW YORK, July 13.— The statement of the
Associated Banks for the week ending to-day
shows: Loans. $868,485,400; decrease.- $21,001,500.
Deposits, 5947,534,100; decrease, $17,719,000. Cir
culation, ?30, 629,500; Increase, $60,700. . Legal
tenders, $77,395,200; increase, $726,500. Specie,'
$172,312,700; increase, $6,448,600. Reserves, $249,
707,900; Increase, $3,175,100. Reserve*- required,
$236,898,525; decrease, $4,422,450. Surplus, $12,
809.375; Increase, $7,757,850.
The Financier eays: The statement of the
New York Associated Banks last week was
quite favorable, Indicating an expansion In
the surplus reserve compared -with the previous
week from $7,597,850 to $12,809,375. The reduc
tion of - $21,011,500 in loans was a striking fea
ture of the statement. . The decrease in this
item was doubtless principally due to the
liquidation which was in progress in stock
values during .the week, caused by speculative
manipulation, the unfavorable news concern
ing the condition of the corn crop, the threat
ened railroad war among the Western lines
and tension between the operatives and steel
manufacturers. There was probably also pome
reduction of loans by individual banks, with
a. view to the rectification of their percentage
of reserve to deposits. The gain of $3,175,100
cash closely agreed with the most liberal oi
the preliminary estimates. One notable feature
of this gain was the preponderance of specie,
due to the fact that this kind of money- is
held by banks in greater abundance than cur
rency, and therefore, . In interior bank move
ments, specie or its representative, gold cer
tificates, is preferred for transfer. The de
crease of $17,691,000 in deposits is in close cor
respondence with the changes in the loan cash
items of the statement, which together call for
a net reduction of $17,862,400, and therefore the
statement harmonizes. Taken as a whole the
bank return may be regarded as reflecting in
the improved condition of the banks the re
turn of the money disbursed to the interior for
the early July settlements of Interest and divi
dends, and through this contraction of loans
the banks are doubtless placed In a much
stronger position than has recently, appeared.
With further Improvements, which will doubt
lees be possible should nothing occur to pre
vent, the banks will most likely be able to
meet the early requirements of money for crop
purposes without difficulty, thus allaying much
of the apprehension which has recently been
felt regarding the effect of the crop demand of
the current season upon the New York banks
and Incidentally upon the money market. The
excess reserve is in fact higher than at this
period last year, and it is also to be remem
bered that bank receipts from the treasury and
through replenishments due to shipments from
Alaska will from this time on constitute an
important factor in the situation. Stories of
regular weekly exports of gold to Germany,
current last week, j are denied, and shipments,
if made, will be only Intermittent. Altogether
the statement is favorable In its revelation
of the power of the banks in making a quick
recovery from the low point reached eaxller
In the month and the apprehension manifested
at that time is seen to have been for the most
part unfounded.
'Associated Banks' Statement.
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 13 Little Chief ....... 13
Alice •« Ontario 9 25
Breece 1 50 Ophir 65
Brunswick Con ... 11 Phoenix .- 10
Comstock Tunnel.. 06% Potosl ' 05
Con Cal & Va 1 90 Savage 07
Deadwood Terra .. 50 Sierra Nevada..:. ' 15
Horn Silver ... 130 Small Hopes 45
Iron Silver ¦ 58 Standard 3 25
Leadvllle Con 05
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money-
Call loans 4@5
Time loans ....... i\i<Sa
Stocks—
Atchlcon 72%
do prefd 95
Am Sugar 137
Am Telephone ...153 1 /
Boston & Albany. 256
Boston Elevated... 1S3
Boston & Maine... 193
c b & q mv>
Dom Coal 39%
do prefd 114%'
V S Steel 42
do prefd 91^4
Gen Electric 249
Mex Cent 22
N E G & Coke.... 6%
Old Dominion 29%
Rubber 19%
Union Pacific 94 J
Union Land S
Bonds — ••
Atchison 4s ... 103
N E G & Coke 6s. 86%
Mining shares— 1
Adventure 21%
Bingham Min Co.. 22%
Amalg Copper 113>4
Atlantic ..;..... 36
Calumet & Hecla-.790
Centennial ........ 28-
Franklin .*;..„• 17%
Humboldt -. 25
Osceola 90
Parrot .52
Quincy ....175
Santa Fe Copper.. 6%
Tamarack .'...313
Utah Mining 29^
Winona. ..22
Wolverines 58 ¦
; ! j SUMMARY. OF THE'MARKETS:
1 'Another decline in Sugar. - '. \ . •¦
San Quentin Grain Bags reported- sold out.
Weekly bank clearings show the usual increase. :
Wheat futures declined. Barley steady. I
Oats and Corn still suffering in the West. :
Hay weak at the decline. - - ! . „
Nothing new in Beans and Seeds.
Potatoes in moderate supply and firm.
Poultry firm, under moderate receipts.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs firm.
Fresh fruits continue to bring good prices.
Large sales of Raisins reported.
New dried fruit quoted firm.
Some dealers quoting higher on Lard and Bacon. [
Hides, Leather and Wool firm in the East. . i , .
Nothing new in the Meat market. \ r
¦ ?'~"«r'' : ' ' •
Business quiet on the local stock exchanges.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour-
Steady. Winter patents, $3 3003 40; straights,
$2 90@3 20; clears, $2 60@3; spring specials, $4
@4-W; patents,' $3 30@3 50; straights, $2 70Q3;
bakers', ?2 10®2 50.' No. 3 spring wheat, 60(g>
65c; No. 2 corn, 48Vlc;.No. 2 yellow, 4S%c; No.
2 oats, 32%c; No. 2 white, 36c; No. 3 white,
34035c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 88; No.- 1 Northwest
ern, $1 88; prime . timothy ,. seed, $4 65; .mess
pork, »er bbl. $14 35® 14 40; .lard, per 100 lbs,
$8 55@8 67%: short ribs sides ' (loose), $7 90@
8 05; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 7%@7%c;
short clear, sides (boxed). $8 60@8 60; whisky,
basis of high wines, $1 27; clover, contract
grade, 49 50. ¦,.•,..... j ...
OREGON.
Bran, sks 630/
Flour, qr sks 9,336 Middlings, sks .. 91
Wheat. ct!s 3.420 Hay, tons ...*...; 573
Barley, ctla 11.510 Straw.-. tona ...... • IS
Oats, ctls .... 1,740 Wool, bales • 60
Corn, ct!s 410 Shorts, sks ...... 25
Sugar, ctls 2,463 Leather, rolls ... 98
Tallow, ctls ..... 253 Quicksilver,' flska" 35
Potatoes, sks ... 4.924 Wine, Kals 27,600
Onions, ska 1.093 Pelts, bdls 263
Bran, sks • 2,255 Hides, no 363
FOR SATURDAY, JULY 13.
Crushed. 6.05c; Powdered. 5.65c: Candy Granu
lated, 6.65c; Dry Granulated. 5.55c; Confection
ers' A, 5.55c; Fruit Granulated. 5.55c; Beet
Granulated. 5.45c; Magnolia A, 5.15c; Extra C,
5.05c; Golden C. 4.95c: barrels. 10c more: half
barrels, 25c more: boxes, 50c more: 50-lb bass.
10c more. ' No orders taken for less than 73
barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos, half-barrels,
6.30c; boxes, 6.55c per lb. ..
Receipts of Produce.' f -
SUGAR— Prices declined again yesterday. The
Western Sugar Refining Company quotes, per
lb. in 100-lb bags: . ¦¦ . -.
OILS— California Castor Oil. in cases. No.' 1,
75c; pure. $130; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled,
94c: raw, 92c; cases, 5c more;. Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels, 80c; cases, goc; China
Nut, 53063c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot Oil,
barrels, 65c; cases, 70c; Sperm, pure, 65c; Whale
Oil, natural white, 37%®42%c per gallon; Fish
Oil In barrels. 35c: cases, 40c.
COAL OIL— Water . White Coal. Oil. In bulk,
12%c; Pearl Oil, in cases, 18%c; Astral, 18%c;
Star, 18%c; Extra Star, 22%c; Elaine, »%c;
Eocene, : 20%c; deodorized, store .: gasoline, in
bulk. 15o; in cases, 21c; Benzine, in .bulk, 14c;
m cases. 20c: 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c;
in cases, 26c. . . ¦ ¦ -
TURPENTINE— E8c per gallon in cases and
62c in drums or iron barrels. . < ¦ ' ' . ¦
RICE— China, No. 2. $4 10; No. 1,..*1 65@1 90;
extra, to 10@5 50; Japanese, $4 6505 30; Louisi
ana. $406 60; > Hawaiian, nominal. ::
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld Wel
lington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant. $6 50; Coos Bay.
$5 50; Wallsend, {9; Co-operative Wallsend, $3;
Cumberland, $12 50 in bulk and $13 75 In sacks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14: Cannei, $10
per ton; Coke, $15. per. ton in bulk and, $17 In
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 45 per
2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton. according to brand.
GRAIN BAGS— Tha San Quentin Bags are re
ported . all sold out up to October. Calcutta
Grain Bags,- 8V6@S%c; local make.- %c. less
than Calcuttas; Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fleece
Twine, 7%@8c; Fruit Bags, 5%06c for cotton
and 8%08%c for jute.
General Merchandise.
PORK— Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under, 6%c;
over 200 lbs, 6c; feeders, ; sows, 20 per cent
off. boars 50 per cent off and stags 40 per cent
off from the • above quotations; dressed Hogs,
7%69%c. ¦ - • •¦ ' - -
..The market remains without change, as the
demand and supply of all descriptions about
balance. ....
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— <5©7e for Steers and 50fic per lb for
cows. . - ••
• VEAL— Large. 7@8c; small, 8@9c per Ib.
.MUTTON— Wethers, 7@8c; Ewes, 7©7%c per
pound. ¦"• ¦ '
LAMB— Spring, 8%09c per pound. ,
San Francisco Meat Market.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendocino, 14®15%c; do; Lambs', lie per lb;
Northern, free. 12® 13c; defective. 9@llc;'Mid
dle County, free, 10@llc; do, defective, 8@10c:
Southern, 12 months, 809c;- Southern, free, 7
months, 7@10c; do, defective, 7 months, 7@8c:
Oregon .Valley, fine, " 14® 15c; do, medium and
coarse, ll@13c; Oregon. Eastern, choice, ll@13c;
do. fair to good, 9®llc; Nevada, lO011%c.
HOPS— 15020c per lb.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about ' l%c under \juotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 10%@Uc: medium. 9310c: light, SH©3e:
Cow Hides, 8%@9%c for heavy and 8^@0» for
light: Stags, 6%c; Salted Kip, 9%c; Salted Veal,
9H«S10c; Salted Calf; 10c; Dry •Hides, lfi%c;
Cudls, 14c; Dry Kip. 18c; Dry Calf, - 17@18c;
Culls and Brands. 14015c; Sheepskins, shear
lings, 15@30c each; short Wool. SOtgaOc each;
medium. 60@7»c; long Wool, 80c@$l each; Horse
Hides, salt. $2 5002 75 for large and $2@2 25
for I medium. $1 50@l 75 for small and 50c for
Colts; Horse Hides, dry. , $1 75 for large, $150
for medium, $1 25 for small and 60c for Colts.
Deerskins — Summer or red skins, Soc; ' fall or
medium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins. 20c.
Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; "large and
smooth, 50c; medium, 35c
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%c per lb; choice,
5c: No. 2. 3%@4c; grease, 2%03c.
Eastern ' reports quote strong markets there
for Hides, Leather and Wool, with an occa
sional slight improvement in quotations. .
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for heavy.
12%c for light medium.- 13%c for light. 14V4c for
extra light and 15%@lSc for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 13%@14c; California Hams.
13c; Mess Beef, $13 per bbl; extra-Mess. $12 50;
Family. $13 50; prims Mess Pork. $15: extra
clear. $23; Mess. $19; Smoked Beef, 13%@14c
per lb. • - - ¦ .
LARD— Tierces quoted 'at 7@7Wc per lb for
compound and 10%c for pure;.half-barrel3. pur©.
10%c; 10-lb tins. HHc: £lb tins. U%c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 9%c; three
half -barrels. 9%c; one tierce. 9%c; two tierces,
9c; -five tierces. 8%c per lb.
The market continues very firm, and some
dealers are quoting advanced prices on Lard
and sugar -cured Bacon. , . . -.
Provisions.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. ll@ll%c:
No* 2. 8@8%c: No. 1 hardshell, 10@10%c; No. 2.
6%@7%c; Almonds, 13© 14c for paper-shell. 100
lie for softshell and 5©6c for hardshell ;. Pea
nuts, 606c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 11011%c;
Filberts, 12012%c; Pecans. • ll@13c; Cocoanuta,
$3 E0@5. - - .' ¦ . ¦ . . :
HONEY— Comb. 10@llc for bright and 9@9%c
for light amber; water white extracted, 5@5%c;
light amber extracted, 4@4%c; dark, 3%c. -
BEESWAX-2502SC per lb.
Pacific brand— 2-crown,' 5c; 3-crown, 514c, and
4-crown,-&%c; seeded (Fresno prices).- 5%c; Lon
don Layers, 2-crown^ $1 50 per box: ' I-crown,
$160; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Im
perials, $3. All prices f. o. b. at common ship
ping points in California. '
Apples : continue .very . firm In .Eastern.mar
kets." The , output ' this . year \ will : not ¦ be heavy
and comparatively high prices are expected to
rule. New enjp in this market are nowquoted
below. .,. Peaches ¦ and Apricots are steady, and
unchanged. There is no talk of Prunes.- . . ¦¦
The Raisin Growern* Association has Just sold
32 cars Sultanas at 5®G%c. - A sale of 5420 boxes
layers - to a San. Francisco ! house : is also -re
ported at $125.- '.'.-¦ ' - ' - , ' " "¦.:•*¦"
¦ FRUITS— Apricots, . 809c \ for:, new; EvaVo
rated -¦ Apples, ! 4®6c;' sun dried, slV4@2%c;
new -.-' evaporated « Apples, • 5@6c; ; '¦¦¦ Peaches,
3V.04C- for standard, 4%(S5%c for choice and
6©6%c ¦'¦ for ; fancy ; New . Peaches. 6c for July
and 5c' for .August -delivery;;- Pears, : 2@7c;'
Plums, pitted,- 304c; unpitted, 9401V42;' Nec
tarines. 4®4%c for red and doctor white;
:¦•'- PRUNES— -4 sizes. 3c: 40-60a, 6%c; 50-6Os, 414c:
60-708, 3»4c: 70-80s. 3'.4c; S0-90s, 2%c; SO-lOOs, 2'^c;
100-120s.< 1H& ' r *-¦•-, •:*¦¦¦¦¦¦- .,-:;'•:•¦
it RAISINS — The : Raisin Growers'. Association
has established the following, prices: Bleached
Thompson's 'fancy,,-: 12c '-per ¦ lb; " choice, -lie;
standard.' « 10c: -prime. > 9c;. unbleached Thomp
son's.' 9c per lb. ¦ ¦ Sultanas— Fancy, 10^; c per Ib;
choice,'/ 9%c ; - : standard, j 8%c ; •• prime, 8c ; un
bleached; Sultanas, ' 8c: : 8eedlBss, f 60-lb -boxes,'
61£c; ' 4-crown,' .' 7c; * 3-crown; . 6^c; 2-crown,'- 6c;
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
CITRUS FRUITS— Seedlings. B0c@$l 25; Medi
terranean Sweets, 50c@$l 25;. Valencias, $1500
2 50; St.. Michaels, $1(®1 75; Lemons, ,75c©$l 25
for common ¦. and $1 50@3 for good to choice;
Grape Fruit. 50c@$l 50; . Mexican Limes, $7 50©
8;. Bananas, $1@2 per bunch; Pineapples, $1 50@
3 per . dozen. ¦ . . : ¦ . '
f EARS— Dearborn Seedlings, '40@50c per box
and 40c ner basket; 'Bartletts, $1@1 10 per box
and $32 50 per ton in the country. . ¦ .
- STRAWBERRIES— $2@5 per chest for Long
worths and $304 50 for large berries. '
LOGAN BEKH1ES— $4@« per chest. .
BLACKBERRIES— $2 50@5 per chest. : " ¦ .
RASPBERRIES — J4(fj>6 per chest.
CURRANTS— $2 6005 per chest. S
„ HUCKLEBERRIES— 12%@15c per lb. .,.
FIGS— Black, 40@85c per box for single and
$l@l 75 for double layers; White,, nominal.
MELONS— Nutmegs, 85c@$l per box and $2
@2 50 per crat-i for Rivers, and for-Indlo;
Cantaloupes. $1 25@1 50 per half-crate and $2 50
@3 25 per large Crate; Watermelbns, from Fres
no. 10@20c each/- : - . -v
GRAPES— Seedless and Black, ! from Arizona,
$1@1 25 per crate ; Fontainebleau, . from Vaca
vllle, • 75(6 90c per box; •-¦-... • -
PEACHES— E0@50c I per ' box and 3O@40c per
basket for *arly common and 35@50c per box
and 30055c per basket for Crawfords and $22 50
per ton in the country. .
!i NECTARINES— White.- 1 40@S5c per box; Red,
60©75e. ' - ¦ -. •¦ ' - . ; ¦ .
APPLES-New, 25c0$l 25 per. large box and
20®C5c per basket.
APRICOTS— 30050c per. box. 40@65c per crate
in bulk, $15@17 50 per ton for small and $20@30
for large. •¦¦.:. » .
CRABAPPLES— 40@50c per small and $1®
125 per large box. . ¦
PLUMS— 20@60c per box and 25040c per. bas
ket; Prunes, 35065c per crate and i35@o0c per
basket. '", '.«. ':.'-. V . ', •-.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
A dispatch to the East from this Coast says:
"The Bartlett rear crop of the present' season
is confined. to the central portion of the State,
and will be gathered and shipped mostly from
within a radius of 75 miles around Sacramento.
Districts which have heretofore made reason
ably heavy shipments, such as Anderson, Cot
tonwood, Red Bluff, ». Biggs, etc.. on the ex
treme north, and Bakersfteld, Tulare, Visalla,
Fowler. Fresno, etc., on the extreme south, are
more, than deficient, and . in | many instances
will not be able to gather and ship a single
car load. The. supply for canning purposes is
short, and canners are making unusual efforts
to obtain their share of the fruit." -
There is nothing new in'Berrlea.
.Peaches are in rather better supply and some
what lower, but Apricots and Plums keep up
Figs are scarce again and higher. Supplies of
Nectarines are moderate and the market is
steady. Apples have not changed, for .¦ some
time. Pears are weaker here' but there is a
good demand for Bartletts in the country at the
price given below. .-, • _ ...
Grapes and Melons continue to bring good
prices under light receipts.
The recent arrivals ""of Limes are reported
cleaned up and' the market is nominal at the
high prices. Stocks of, Lemons, too, axe great
ly reduced, though , there are still some lying
around. Oranges have ceased to cut much of
a figure. ¦ ¦".. •¦¦ ¦ .-'•' ¦ '. ¦ . . •
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 9c; choice 8%c
common, nominal; Young Americas. 10c East
ern, full cream, 13@15o per lb. ,
EGGS— •
, California Ranch— Selected white. 19c; mixed
colors, 17c per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, 15c; standard
13c; seconds, ' . . • '
Eastern— Standard^ 16c per dozen.
Dairy— Extras, 19c; firsts, 17c; seconds. 15c
store, 12014c. -
BUTTER -
Creamery— Extras. 20c; firsts, 19c; seconds.
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER— Creamery, 20@21c per Ib for fancy
and 18%@19%c for seconds; dairy, 14018c per lb
.CHEESE— New. 9@10c; old, nominal; Young
Americas, 10@llc per lb. ; . -
EGGS— Ranch. 16@I8V£e for good to' fancy
store, 13@15c per dozen. . *
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
The. recent 1 order of things has been reversed
and the Dairy Exchange is now quoting Eggs
higher than the outside dealers. But the lat
ter, on the contrary, are quoting Butter higher
than the Exchange. .
Stocks of Butter are now reduced to moder
ate dimensions, and the demand is reported
sufficient to keep them down. Cheese rules
firm. Eggs are in lighter supply and steady
though the demand is nothing extra.
Butter and Eggs were both advanced on the,
Exchange. ¦ ¦ . . .
Receipts were 54,203 pounds and 214* tubs of
Butter, 987 cases of Eggs. cases Eastern
Eggs. 2200 pounds of California Cheese.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
A car of Eastern came In, making only threa
for the 'week. -The market has ruled firm for
several days under these moderate receipts.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 8©10c for Gobblers
and 8@10c 'for 'Hens; Geese, per pair. '$l«5)l 25-
Goslings, $1@1 25; Ducks, $2 50@3 for old and
$3 S0@4 for young; Hens, $4 5O@5 50; youn*
Roosters, $608; old Roosters. $404 50; Fryers
$4 5005; Broilers. $304 for large and $2@2 75
for. small; Pigeons, $1 50@l 75 per dozen for
old and $1 E0@l 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare, $1@1 50; Rabbits, $1@1 50 for
Cottontail and $1 for > Brush.
Poultry and Game.
, Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes ¦ . continue " in moderate and
firm and quotations are maintained. \ Texas
would buy here, but our prices are too high
and local dealers are turning: the Texas orders
down. Onions are in sufficient supply.
Corn is doing: better and Tomatoes from the
River are also. quoted higher. Otherwise there
is no particular change In Vegetables. • ¦
POTATOES— New Potatoes, $1@$1 25 in sacks
and $1 1001 60 in boxes for Burbanks, $I@1 10
for Garnet Chiles and $1 10@l 20 for Early
Rose; Salinas Burbanks, $1 35®1 50.
ONIONS— New Red, 25O50e per sack: New
Yellow, 80@90c. ¦ ¦ . • . ¦
VEGETABLES-Asparagus, $1 75@2 for large.
$1 2o@l 50 per box for No. 1 and 5Oc0$l for No.
2; Green Peas. 65c®$l 25. per - sack; String
Beans, l@3c; Llmas, 3@5c; Cabbage, 35<g40c
per ctl; Tomatoes, from Winters, 25@50c
Rivers, In large boxes, $1 25® 1 50; Dried Pep
pers, 12©18c; Dry Okra, 15©20c per lb; Green
Okra, 25c; Carrots, 25036c per sack; Marys villa
Cucumbers, per "box; Winters* 45@60c;
Bay, 75cffl>$l; Garlic, 2@3c; Green Peppers $1®
I 50 per box for Chile and $101 50 for Belf;
Egg Plant. $1@1 50 per box; Green Corn. 50c@
$1 50 per sack; Bay do, $1@1 75 per crate: Sum
mer Squash, large boxes, 20@35c; New Marrow
fat Squash, $2O@3O per ton.
1 The market shows no further change.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 45@2 60; Small White, $4 83
©5; Large White.' $3 50@3 85; Pink, $1 4001 60;
Red, $3 1503 23; Blackeye,- $3 10@3 25; Limas.
$6 35@6 50; Red Kidney. $4 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 50@3; Canary, 3%@
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2@
2%c; Hemp, 3%c; Timothy, 6%c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 60 per -ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Hay continues weak at Friday's decline: Re
ceipts are too large, j There is nothing new. In
Feedstuffs. . ¦ ¦' ¦ .¦•.-'. • ' '¦ ' - ,
BRAN-J17 50@18 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS-J19 50@21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS^-Rolled Barley, $16 50(317 50
per ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill,->$25@26; Job
bing, $26 60; Cocoanut Cake, J17@18 ; "Corn Meal.
$28@29: Cracked Corn, $28 50®29 50; Mixed Feed,
$16 50017 50/ • ! ;
HAY— New is quo'table- aa follows: Wheat,
$8 50@9 .'0; choice, $10; Wheat and Oat, $8@9 50;
Oat, $6@8 50; Barley and Oat; $7@8; Alfalfa,
$8@9 50; Clover, nominal ; Volunteer. $4@7.
STRAW— 35@42%c per bale. .
¦ MILLSTtfFFS— Pricee. in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade :• Graham
Flour,' $3 per 100 lbs;' Rye Flour. $2 75: Rye
Meal, |2 50; Rice Flour, *7; Corn Meal, $3;-ex
tra cream do, $3 75; Oat Groats. $4 75; Hominy,
$3 75®4; Buckwheat "'Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat. ?3 50; < Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels). $6 35@7 85;
In sacks. $6<§7 50; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
{5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
:.'. FLOUR— California . Family extras, (3 250
3 B0, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon. J2 50@2 75 per barrel for. family and
$2 75@3 tor bakers'; 'Washington ' bakers', $2 73
@3. • -" ¦...'• .¦.: '
Flour , and Millstuffs.
advance, but rules firm.' Small round Yellow,
«1 50 ; Eastern , Tellow, $1 41% ; - White, SI 47% ;
Mixed, . $1 40 per ctl. - .
. , RYE— 72%@77%c per ctl. I - "
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 80 per ctl, ex
warehouse. '"'• . •¦ ; ;•- •*
THE SAN FRANCISCO tCALL, SUND A Yi JULY 14, 1901.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
Oats . No. 2— - ¦
July •: 31% . 81V4 •- 30 '-... S0&.
September 32% , 32% 29% . 31
May 35% .35% 82% 34tf
Mess Pork, per. bbl— " .
September ...:...;. 14 50 14 50 14 35 14 42%
January 14 45-14 43. 1430 14 30 ,
Lard, per. 100 lbs — ¦\ y : •¦¦' '¦ •¦-¦- - •
September ......... 8 70 ,8 72%. '8 70 8 72%
October ............ 8 70 .& 72% 8 70 V 8 70 .
January ...........'8 ZV& 8 37ft ' 8 35 -8 35
. Short Ribs, per 100 lb«— ' . - *
September ......... 8 05 .8 07% 8 02% 8 07%
October ... . 8 02%. 8 07% 8 00 8 05
January 7 57% 7 67%, 7 55 7 65
31
AUCTION SALES
ON TUESDAY, JULY.23d,
I ."Will. Sell ' _i_ :_ *l'
100
GERMAN GOVERNMENT
HORSES,
"All thoroughly - broken and carefully selected'
to suit ; everybo'dy. - Thesa horse* weigh, from
9S0 to 1100 pounds each. No reserve.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
' - .721 HOWARD ST W near Third. : '.
. - WM. G.LAYNG, Auctioneer.
PACKING-HOUSE MACHINERY
oALc. .... . ..\vr,.-
Tha following described Machinery, formerly,
the property of .
UNION STOCK TAHD3 COMPANT. .
of Rodeo, Cal., . .. ' . ,
Will be sold at public auction on t&* prem-
ises at Rodeo on
MONDAY July 29. 1301
At 10 a. m.,
By th» Present Owners. A. Alper and N.-
Ohlandt, to wit:
Kngines, Boilers, . Tanks. Vata. Beltintr, Pul-
leys, Shafting:, Scales. Elevators. Miles cf Pip-
ing, all sizes, and Fertilizing: Plant. Packing-
house, Sausage-makinz and Can-maklnjr Ma-
chinery, etc.. etc. All practically unused and
as good aa new.
Catalogue with full description will be
mailed on application to ¦ - - - ¦ ¦ •
N. OHLANDT & CO.. 327 Market street.
Or A. ALPER. 217 First st.. San Francisco.Mrs. Perrin was elected and installed as
guardian neighbor to succeed Mrs. Anna
Corvls, who was forced to resign by rea
son of the fact that she will soon leave
for the* East and will 'be absent indefi
nitely. Mrs. Corv's was presented a
beautiful pin in appreciation of the ser
vices she rendered-the circle while in th«
office of guardian neighbor.
Golden Gate Circle of the Women of
Woodcraft has had the following- officers
Installed by Mrs. Staenart, D. G. G.:
Mrs. A. A. Perrin. G. N.: Mrs. Lv Meredith.
A.: Miss Hattie Brown, P. Xi. N/; Mrs. M.
Schneiderwind. M.; Mrs. Helen McCllntock.
C. ; Mrs. Kamers. B. ; Mrs. Anna Isenbruck.
Mrs. J. Low and Miss H. E. Brown, managers;
Mrs. Mary Brooks, I. G. ; Mr. Kaufman, O. G.
P. ; Ben Levy. George Ash and Dr. W. Jack
son, V.' P.'s; Frank Marini. T.; James H.
Nelson, F. S.; Louis P. Powelson, R. S. ; Dr.
J. W. Creagh, I. S.; D. O'Connell, O. S.; A.
Mazzinl, trustee.
- > :¦ • ARRIVED.
¦¦-'¦¦':¦ July 13.
Bktn Archer, Hard wick, 21 days from > Hono
lulu; bk Kalule.nl, 24 days, from -Honolulu, y
SAILED.? ' . > -.
s.: :¦'>¦ v . .July;' It. ;
' Stmr L&qua, Gundefson, .— -. • ¦. , •
- . , .¦¦¦':• DOMESTIC PORTS. : V '.
SEATTLiE— Arrived: July ! 13. ' echr Jaha • A.
• Campbell- from : Honolulu.'.;- .>' ¦< ; \ --. : ;
liATE SHIPPING: INTELLIGENCE.
COAL TRUST
IS ORGANIZING
Producing and Trans
portation Companies
in Harmony.
CLEVELAND, July 13.— The Leader to
morrow will say: Owing to certain ex
pansions of the original plan having been
agreed on, the formation of the soft coal
trust may be delayed to give time for the
working out of larger. plans. The plan as
now outlined by those who are on *the
Inside provides for close harmony between
the producing and the transportation
companies. In the latter are to be in
cluded both lake, rail and ocean facilities
of the largest proportions.
It now comes out that the purchase of
the Ohio River mines reached by the Bal
timore and Ohio was a part^pf this big
scheme, and perfected in a way the con
trol of the soft coal carrying facilities for
certain parts of Ohio. West Virginia and
the Pittsburg districts. The same inter
ests now control, with the assistance of
the Morgan holdings, all of the- coal car
rying properties in this territory that ship
coal to the lakes or the East. A. fleet of
ocean-goin and lake-traversing vessels is
to be collected under the guidance of the
big combination that will be distinctly
trust boats. - \
In this connection It might be said that
more of an endeavor is to be. made to sell
the Pittsburg and "West Virginia- steam
aoals abroad- than to put them into com
petition in the Northwest -with the coals
of the same company, which are mined in .
the Illinois and Western Indiana fields.
The West being compelled to.- provide
largely for. itself In the way of coal pro
duction, the -fields of Indiana and Illinois
will be developed and the mines recently
discovered ~, in ' Indian - Territory and
that vicinity will be opened to afford
material for -the Western part of this
country.' v .
The. main hindrance to the exportation
of bituminous coal has been the lack of
do=k facilities for handling, the big boats
which heretofore have engaged • In the
coaling trade. .It Is. the announced intend
tlon of the promoters of r the soft coal
trust to build a specific class of ocean go
ing tonnage which can be handled In the
MANILA, July 13.— Colonel- Sautos, with
forty men and thirty rifles, .has surren
dered at Ligao. in Albay province. -. The
insurrection in North Camarines province
is. practically ¦ended.'-."*.- ; ~
Surrender of Rebel Colonel.
WINSLOW, Ariz., July 13.— Fire this aft-
v ernoorr destroyed five cottages; and'dam
aged- several others. < It was started by
gome children playing with -matches. The
loss Is about $5000. ' :¦¦ V . 1
Five* Colleges Destroyed.
SAN DIEGO, July 13.— The report comes
from the mountains above^the Julian sec
tion that during a thunder-storm- on
Thursday afternoon . lightning ; struck a
tree on the mountain east, of Julian rand
set fire to the grasa and underbrush. '..The
conflagration soon spread to the . trees.
All ranchers living in : the '¦" vicinity and
many Julian people turned out and fought
the flames. After working for a day and
a half the fire was finally controlled last
night. Quite an area - of the forest was
burned, but - no damage . was done to
ranchhouses or farms., .. .
Forest Area in Flames.
harbor at Marseilles and other South,Eu
ropean coal receiving ports j without the
intervention of a lighter. ¦ ' ' ¦
'Associated directly with this scheme is
the purchase of the Pennsylvania Steel
Company by the Pennsylvania financial
interests which seem to be handling the
transportation- end of the big soft coal
deal, while the Morgan Interests take
charge-of the financing of the producing
properties.^ It is said that one of n the
plants of the Pennsylvania Steel Company
is to.be turned' Into a ship yard for the
production of ships of specific "size' that
will be able to navigate the harbors of
Southern Europe and - still carry enough
coal to make them pay.
Some have looked upon the Leyland
purchase . as the establishment of ¦ a ' nu
cleus of" this fleet, and it is thought these
have more to do with the United", States
Steel 'productions. It "is said the . flnan
cial interests wfeich are behind the steel
corporation are forming an- underwriting
syndicate to take care of the securities.
/These will be exchanged for stock of the
six coal companies in the West which are
to be included In the trust and with them
will also b* some Eastern; coal 'Interests.
Farmer Perishes. in Flames.
GREAT BEND. Kans.. July 13.— Fire to
night west of here destroyed 10,000 acres of
standing wheat. The loss is $50,000. Wil
liam Gerhardt, a farmer, is said to have
perished.
vi The.board: of deputies of- the 1 , Company
ions of the Has -Installed the fol
lowing as the officers of : Loyal Circle of
that>order: •-..,;•-¦:- ¦ . .
Grade Garratt.C. C; Julia Baker. S. C. C;
Lizzie Pritchard, T.; Annie Sennc. F. S.; Cora
LIndsey, R. S.; Mrs. A. Conway, R.G.: Norma
Daley, L. ..- G. ;" Jennie Conway, •' I. ¦ G.'; Edna
Brawn, :.O. V G. _ •¦ ; . .- / > - ¦-• ¦- x -" ¦'¦.
;—The following named officers .of Califor
nia Lodge, Knights of Pythias.' have been
Installed by District : Deputy Grand Chan^
cellor Clifford: '+73SpiQ9fi4(»ttj|NiRKH&£@£
\E."M."BlBf elder, C. C; Charles O. Crowley.V.
I Mies Georgiana Brooks "and Miss Lillian Gold
berg, V."; Ps. ; MiB« Maud E: • Gallup, j R. S. ;
Miss* Lillian Hannah, . F. • S. ; .' Miss Leda ; Ran
dall. T. ; Miss , Stella Goldberg. M. ; Mrs. M.-rf
tha Dewey. ¦ Mrs. Fannie White and Mrs. Etta
Wright,-- trustees ; I Miss . Ruby Reid, O. S., and
Miss Edna Garner, I. ' S. -. ' - . "-¦, " : :< ¦'¦¦;•¦
The following named officers of Hanford
Parlor. N. D. G. W..' have been installed
by Florence Kimball, D. D. G. P.: -; ;
William fBullnger, C. R.; *D. J. Beban, S.
C. R. ; . J. Fogarty, S. W. ; El Smith, J. T.-.W. ;
F. ,- Larson. ,,S. B. ; W. M. Smith, JB.; E.
Stevens, captain of, the guard.
Installations have been the order of the
week. Nearly all of the fraternal organ
izations have been placing new officers
in control for the current term with all
the ceremonies usually attending induc
tion into office. >
The following named have been in
stalled as the officers of Apollo Lodge, I.
O. O. F.:
C.-K. Perry, J. P. G. ; Frank V. Cox, ,N. G.;
W. H. Gibson, V. G.; TV. F Norcross, It. S. ;
V. 'C. Tost, F. S:; Jacob Classman, T. ; H. B.
Packscher, AW; N. D. Sickel3, Con. ; Charles
Mangeol, O. O.; R. F. Lange, I. G.: Ira C.
Bush, K. S. to N. G.; W. J. Blain. L.. S.
N. G.; Robert. B. Dcwnie, R. S. to V. G.:
N. A. Carlson, L. S.-to.V. G. : E. M. Coffin,
R. S. S.; T. K. Munroe, L.' S.' S.;,John C.
Geisincer, chaplain; H./W. Patrick,- organist.
Deputy Grand Chief Ranger" J.' Gardner,
assisted by J. W. Gleadell of Court Sutro
Heights as grand marshal, installed the
following named . as officers of C.ourt San
Francisco of the Foresters of America:
Many Who Are to Rule
, in Different Secret
'. . Societies.
INDUCTED INTO
THEIR OFFICES
The flr»t contract for the construction
of th© Flood office building to stand on the
old Bite of the Baldwin Hotel has been
a-warded by James Ll Flood. This is for
jjulkheading. pumping, grading, trench
ing, refilling and paving. Albert Pissis
is the architect. The City Street Improve
ment Company has the contract for the
preliminary -work, the cost being $11,515.
This is the most significant move of ' the
•week relating: to realty. The Flood and
Crocker hotel buildings will be under con
struction simultaneously.
There is a slack season in the realty
raarket as in other lines of business, and
that season has arrived, but it will be
very brief. The coming of the Epworth
Leaguers^has distracted attention for one
thing. The vacation season is still on,
and will not end for some days yet. The
curing market for realty was good. So
will be the fall market. G. H. Umbsen &
Co. in their Beal Estate Record say that
the revival of interest in city realty,
which dales back to the purchases made
by the Santa Fe and the Southern Pacific
Company, has been more than maintained
Blnce that time and during the
Hist half of the present year. It is well
that the Epworth Leaguers have come
when signs of improvement are apparent
in many Quarters. The advantage of that
iact will be manifested abundantly in the
future. They will relate what they saw
in San Francisco to many thousands in
the East upon their return.
The deed has been placed on record
conveying the property of Anna A, O'Con
nell on the south line of Geary street, Lx :6
feet west from Stockton, to A. Aronson.
The "lot is 55 by 137:6. The price was
148.750.
Properties Change Owners. .
The northeast comer of "Washington
and Franklin streets has been sold by the
Baler Estate Company to William J.
Dingee for 536,250. The lot is 167:8% by
124 '3.
Property on ' the north line of Golden
Gate avenue, 160 feet east from Devisa
dero street, 30 by 75, with improvements,
has been sold by Patrick Cahill to Julius
Soboslay for $14,500.
Two corners, the southwest corner of
Page and Pierce streets and the south
west corner of Noe and Beaver streets,
have been sold for $15,000 by Richard H.
McDonald to Mattle S. McDonald, Alice
D. and Scott C Spencer.
The Wells- Fargo Bank has sold to Cath
arine Wesernan a lot on Twentieth street,
between Castro and Hartford, 25 by 82:6.
¦with six-room cottage. A- M. Speck & Co.
were the brokers. -
Easton, Eldridge & Co. have sold the
following 1 parcels:
Estate of James Collopy to T. Derfaajn, 48x90
f«et on the northwest line of Brj-ant street,
£5 feet northeast from Ninth etreet, , t or $3075:
same seller to same purchaser, 847 to 851 Bryant
etreet, four flats, $2600; same seller to Johu
Hart, southeast corner of Point Lobos avenue
and Cook street, 40x120. $307; same seller to A.
- "W. Anderson, northwest corner Twentieth and
iJexlxigton axenue, store and flats, 5S5SO; JIis.
Hose LangfonJ to Joseph Nash, 3942 Clay street,
north line, 179*4 feet east from First avenue,
nine rooms and bath, $3100: to Mrs. Eliza Mc-
Allister, 1217 Sanchez street, east line, near
Twenty-filth street. 25x81, with cottage of six
rooms and bath, $2750; Julia Jaegling- to Mar
garet A. Walker. 1627 Hayes street, south line,
H:I feet east from Central avenue, 23x100, with
house of nine rooms, f 4600.
A- E. Buckingham has sold property at
1210 Howard street, near Eighth, the lot
being 25x90, for $6000; also two lots in block
662 of outside lands on Eleventh avenue,
between H and I streets, for $825.
Tew Ij&rge Loans.
McEwen Bros, report that the Alta
Punta rancho on San Pablo avenue, three
miles north from Berkeley, will be sub
divided and placed on the market for sale
by them. The nearness of the tract to
Berkeley and Oakland makes it available
for country homes and for farming or for
garden truck and poultry raising. "'
Easton, Eldridge & Co. will hold an
auction of realty on Tuesday, the 16th
inst. Among the properties to be offered
are 625 Post street, near Taylor: 2408
Washington street, near Webster; south
west corner of Ellis and Webster streets:
1253 Ellis street, near Octavia; Pacific
Heights residence, 1S15 Broadway,
near Gougn; southwest corner of Sacra
mento street and Prospect place; flats at
220 Shipley street, near Fifth; 419 to 425
Harriet street, near Brannan; 211 Shipley
street, near Fifth, and 61 Chattanooga
Etreet, near Twenty-second. The sale will
take place at 638 Market street at noon.
A lease for five years has been made
by Miss Isabella Levy for her -newly con
structed rooming-house on Hyde street,
consisting of 110 rooms, to Mrs. Neff at
$300 per month. The house has all modern
improvements.
The loans of the week have included
few large ones. The Hibernia Savings
end Loan Society loaned to the C. lleyer
Estate Company $S5,000 on property on
the southeast line of Stevenson street.
6eventy-flve feet west from Third, and on
properties on Post, the northeast corner
«f Sixth and Minna, Clay near Davis,
northwest corner of Folsom and First,
Third near Stevenson, and Stevenson near
Seventh. The German Savings and Loan
Society has loaned to the estate of Eugene
Tanniere $25,000 on property at the north
west corner of Hyde and McAllister
streets. Sol Wangenheim & Co. loaned $20,
(XX) to Joseph P. and Rose G. Haller on
property on the north line of Greenwich
street, .eighty feet west from Broderlck.
and on the north line of Greenwich" street,
eighty feet east from Flllmore. The
Hibernia Savings v and Loan Society has
loaned $65,000 to A. Aronson on 55x137:6
fefet on the south line of |Geary street,
137:6 feet west from Stockton. The re
leases have been small in Individual
amounts.
George P. Tallant will build a three
story frame structure with basement on
the east line of L>evlsadero street. 56:3
feet north from Washington, to cost $12,-
D00. - '
Helen E, Graves has sold to Henry B.
Bothin lot 25x80 on the southwest line of
Fremont street. *205 feet northwest" from
Kolsom. for $65031 „
Dull Season Has All the
Signs of Quick
Revival.
? — . ..
Two Huge Structures to Be
Added to Oity at Same
Time.
REALTY PRICES
CONTINUE GOOD
THE SAN FBANClSCa; CALL,: SUNDAY, °JUr.Y 14, 1901.
' The following 1 named were installed as
officers of Golden Gate Camp- of the.
.Woodmen of the World by Past Head
Consul M. T. Moses : :
W. P. Jones/ P. C. C; T. J. Barry, C. C:
¦William Carr, A. L.: F. P. . Phelps, - banker:
D.'- Oliver Jr., C. ; John Boyle, A. C. : J. J..
Donahue. E. ; Felix Gross, W.; D. Brown, ¦: S. ;
V. G. Raymoure, C. Kaufman and Mr. Bright,
manigers. : "..-•• ' ' : ¦ '
Chiefs Are Raised Up.
• The chiefs o»Monadnock Tribe have
been raised up by -District' Deputy Great
Sachem G. S. Kewell and Past Sachem
Hausman of -White' Eagle Tribe. /They
are: . . ;
William McLeod. prophet; J. Byrne, fachem;
"John D. Hammell, senior, and J, • McRowe,
Junior sagamore. . 4
" District^Deputy^Saville has installed the
following ofticers of Cosmopolitan Lodge
of. the. I. O. O. F.: ;¦ ,-t
. -N.iFick. P.' G.; P.'E.Arndt.'-N. G.; J. P:
Hundrup, V. G.; William Meuser. R. ¦&; W1I- !
11am-W.. Peck, F..S.; E.MRginnis, .T-"; -3:
L. Larklns, R. S. to N. G. ; W. H. Borsfeldt.
L.. S. to 1 Ni- G.;- G. R.'Drever.f K.- and J.' G.
Knacfjo' L. S. to V. G.;.W.:G. Wlttman, W. ;
Thomas'* P.' Jarvis,'; C. ; r,W: H.» K.'. Klmbali,
1. G. t and F.- Svendsen.^O. G.
.The 'officers 'of San Francisco Parlor of
.the NV S. G:-W. who are to serve for the
current term •¦ were -installed .by -District
President J. P. 1 Dockery,' assisted by Past
Grand President "J. A: Steinbach. They
are: ,¦ \ \ . . ..-¦-'¦:; ; ; . .;¦ ,']. : "
'.'Charles A, Kelnfeld, P. P.; C. Baclgalup^
; Court , Ferrucio has had the following 1
named Installed as Its officers for the cur
rent torm:< ._ .
- N." Lausitano, C. R.; G. Parodl, S. C. K. ;
L>. - Magnelli, S. W.; F. Zangrlllo, J. W. ; A.
MIchelottl. S. 13.; F. Mariano, J. B.
Burns Lodge, A. O. XT. W.. has had the
foHowlng officers installed: ¦
' Walter Wilkln, M. W.';G. F. Pohiman. F.;
H. C. Moyce, O.; Gus Pohlman, R.; Alf Fair
weather, Fin.; Jacob Wlerck, > Recv'r; Wil
liam Lem. G. ; Frank Stohr. I. W. ; John Mur
phy, ¦ O. W. ; Leonard Stone, trustee; Edward
Baumelster, P. M. W. "
- The following named officers have, been
installed for. California Camp- of the
Woodmen of the World by Past Consul
Commander- Thomas F. Quinlan: , .
Joseph A.' \filson, P. C C; C. H. Itulofson,
C. -C. ; A. J. Pare, A. *Ii. ; H. Bienfeld. B. ;
M. Berwln. C-; H. Jesser. A. C. ; H. Baum,
E.;D. L,. Mauer. A. E. ; M. S. Cohen, "W. C. ;
C. Therbach, S.; J. W. Cutberth, C. H. Shuldt
and O. Tuttle, managers; Dr. M. B. Estes, M.
D.,' medical examiner. ' '*« .
Woodmen of the World.
C. ; L. P. llillman. P.: "Warren T. Dean. M.
of W. ; Frank A. Brooks. K. of R. & S. ; Henry
Beaver,' M.- of E. ; John Huber. M. of F. ; A,^O.
DavlS, M. at A.; J. M. Harris, I. G., and r M.
Schumacher, O. G.
Past Grand Chief Mrs. Ada E. Mergulre
will Install the officers of San Francisco
Temple- No. 11 of. - the Rathbone Slaters,
K. of P., on Thursday next. •
32
72-inch Damask $1.OO.
An all-linen tabling-, bleached a snowy
white. ,. ,
Three-quarter size napkins to match,
$100 a dozen.
60c Quality for 48c.
It is a heavy, unbleached damask, 64
Inches wide, m neat, cheery patterns;, 25
pieces laid aside for selling at 48c.
Table Linens Are Reduced.
; Figured Denims 10c.
33 inches wide, in a large variety of pat-
terns. It's our 12^c quality, but will sell
now at 10c. ?
84 pairs ecru or white, 3% yards long, 50
inches wide; petite patterns for bedrooms
or nice for dining-rooms;/ six designs. A
pair $1.25. : / ¦
Nottingham Curtains $1 25.
95c to $6.00.
More than 300 all told— splendid variety!
Crash Toweling 10c.
17 inches wide, twilled, all linen— re-
duced from 12%c.
For double beds, silkollne . and sateen
covered, cotton and eiderdown i filling—
they are samples from the foremost man-
ufacturers of the East. We have'oelect-
"ed our regular stock from these sampled
so they must be good. Then the man
turned right around and .gave us these
samples to sell. at a loss— prices range
from ' .
Sample Comforts.
Beds and Tables for Visitors.
have lately.: They arc the shrewdest buyers of all. If it pays them, it must pay
you. Ts. . : . - ¦ -j ¦"; • .... .
Double Bed Sheets 42c.
They Ape Regular 50c Ones.
They could not be better made or of better material if you paid full- price.
They have a two-inch hem at the top and a one-inch hem at th« bottom— SL
inches, wide, 90 inches lonp. "We have just 792 of them to sell at 42c They .are. un-
bleached; most women have been buying them that way now. They say they wear
longer, and before long they wash white.
20c Pillow Cases 15c.
The "Gold Medal" brand, made from a
Very fine quality muslin, 45 by 36 Inches—
a clear saving of 5c on every one.
Wamsutta Sheets.
Splendid, sturdy, standard ! sheets-
hemmed— our prices now are :
6oC for sheets 63x90 inches.
•TOc for sheets 72x90 inches.
§Oc for sheets 81x90 inches. -' i
5e for sheets 81x99 inches. •• •
85c for sheets 90x90 inches. '.¦:.¦ '
90c for sheets 90x99 inches. • '
. Wamsutta Cases.
These, too, are the best kind— they give
splendid service: : > "
17VSc for cases 45x36 inches. - •
22c for cases 50x36 Inches.
24c for cases 54x36 Inches.
: Curtain- Net 12>^c.
Yard wide, In white or ecru; for short
or full length curtains. . •'
They are plain -white Swiss,' with ruffled edges 4% Inches wide; the border of tha
curtains .has a neat design of white braid. It's a very dainty bed-chamber, curtain—
a neat and inexpensive hanging: with -which to cheer up your rooms -for Epworth
League friends. Four choice designs to pick from, and instead of $2.00 pay $1.40.
Tapestry Portieres $3.00. Nottingham Curtains $125.
They are prettier, than usual, for they 84'naira'ppni nr wHt» ; w v»ni« inn?
designs; Very dainty CUrtalnS, finished n _ n i- fl fnr flfnlnir rnnma' rItt fleatirnc
with a heavy 10-inch knotted fringe; come or nl .ceior dining-rooms v six designs,
in-all the leading shades of green, red, P air ? 1 -^-. •; ,
brown and blue; 3 yards long, 50 inches ' _. *' . ¦ . .-¦' ¦
wide. - . . - Figured Denims 10c*
$2.00 Cottage Curtains for $1.40.
We've got about everything we "could think of that you'd need, and we've
never hejped so many, big fellows fix up their hotels and lodging-houses as we
Let Us Help You Fix Up Your
We alone were awarded the contract of making and supplying every one -wit
sizes; mounted or unmounted; special prices in quantity lots. . . .
their banners. They are very "suggestive; printed i:
colors;
Society's
Mome^/knted ' ShhtWaists
cl2e&&er th&n ev&r- Also skirts-
They are snappy, stylish garments; the pictures above illustrate
them; the details that follow describe them. Not relics or wrecks,
but right up to the minute in every detail. We want you to see
them. See if our new July policy of "making cheapest those
things you want. most" isn't working wonders'. .;.
. The economies are important, for the savings are not at the sac-
rifice of some point of style or making or material.
- $1.25 Waists for 95c. V Stylish Dress Skirts S4.95.
Madras in corded stripes with soft collars and cuffs. Made from all-wool Cheviot and trimmed with three
French backs and finished seams; choose from such dainty bands of taffeta silk and finished around the bottom with
colors as blue, helio and the popular ox-blood; sizes 32 to a flounce. Of course, they are lined throughout and well
44—O.5C now. bound — colors are navy, gray and black. Price. $4-95-
$1.45 Waists for $1.25 Fashionable Skirts $6.75.
. T ... , ¦ . . . . .. , , a l Made from sturdy, dressy Cheviots with flare flounce
Lawn, with open work stripes. in hemstitched effects, and trimmed with broad and narrow bands o{ taffeta
soft collars and bishop sleeves; French seams; colors are stitched on in geometrical designs; blacks only,
blue, helio and ox 7 blood; sizes are 32 to 44. snk D Skirts $9.T5.
$1.75 and $1.95 WaistS $1.65. Made from a jrood taffeta in a deep rich black; trimmed
Striped Madra* ancT Dimities' with latest style collars jggg
.pin^Tuet-S^el^^^^^^ -
Tht Frettia-.tPinki and Bines aniOrayitni Lavenders it l?e yard, • iS*T /£&?
Only last week they were quoted to us in New York 4 t^ "^**&/ **- -. /ur/ (&}
lobbinj? circles at 10V*c. Here we're able to retail them / //f3/ y^fS$\ iy,
)ver the counter a yard at a time for less than they sell/ /rx/ /Z&ttmh IMLiA /g£pSSy r=s
The cloth is good— the best'that can' be found to sell at, /Mjf/ /JJSI ' -^
20c— 30 inches wide. . /£&/ ~_ — '^ySuf*_n. __ _- L j-i.n _*^ -'
They make pretty wrappers and house dresses or jg *¦ - ' UJTmi %jQQlP^Z^^^
sacques. * ¦ '
3000 yds 20c Silk Striped Chailies 10c
And they're in next fajrs new, Persian effects. - There's the
biggest kind of a rage for these at 20c, "so' what dismay
will come upon the trade and consternation to the public
when they hear that we can: sell -
-^^^)0igffi£> OOO^^^^^
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
¦ mencinz-at :9:30 o'clock. . Interment -Holy
., Cross Cemetery. ~ . \ .-
SMITH— In Oakland, July 13. 1901. at 6415 Tele-
graph avenue, Herold, infant eon o( Harry
and Sarah fcmith. a native of Oakland. Cal.,
aged 1 month and 10 days. -
SOMMER— In .this city, July • 12. 1901. Hiram
- Emar.ucl. - beloved son of A.^M. and Hannah
¦ Sommer, and brother of A. . M. Jr. and I. J.
Sommer, , Mrs. Sarah Horn, Mrs. M.' Rogin-
sky, . Mrs. : W. L. Block . and M. " A. , Zelljc.' a
native of-. RyDin. l , Russian Poland. . aged 33
years and 9 - days. . .'.. . - •- ¦ ¦¦
: . ." C7Frlends ¦ and acquaintances ' are respect-
DEATHS.
... . . ¦ — -..'.-.-
Continued -From Page Thirty-One.
By Wm. G. Layng— Tuesday, July '23, horses,
721 Howard street. ¦
\ By Union Stock Yards - Company — Monday,
Ji- 29, at 10 o'clock. Packing-House machin-
ery, at Rodeo, Cal.
AUCTION RATES.
¦AMUSEMENTS.
Alcazar — "The School for Scandal.".
Grand Opera-house — "Secret Sen-Ice." tfe£j§i
Central— "Held by the Enemy."
Tlyoli— "Babes in the Wood.".
Orpheum — Vaudeville. '- ) .
Columbia — "Under Two Flags" to-morrow
night. . . . • •
Olyir-riia— Coiner Mason -and Eddy streets—
Specialties.- •;- ¦ •
' Chutes. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every
afternoon and evening. . . .
• Fischer's— Vaudeville. •
Recreatiun Park— Baseball.
Chutes, "" Zoo- and Theater— French National
Celebration ¦ to-day.
Union Coursing Park— Coursing to-day.
Sutro Baths-f Swimming.
OFFICERS and members of Live Oak Circle
No. n^/C of F. of A., will assemble in
• Afcazar bvHdlna:. 120 0" Farrell street, this
"day (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, for the pur
pose of attending the funeral of our late
. companion, '. Joseph . Farrell. By order . of tha
, C. C. . N. ROTHMAN, Secretary.
MRS. AUGUSTINE RENAULT and Family.
We desire to express our sincere thanks to
the many friends and acquaintances for their
sympathy and kindness in our hour ot sor-
row, as also the many courtesies extended
by Air. J. S.' Godeau, -undertaker.
CARD OF. THANKS.
We. the enderstsned. hereby take these
mtans of expressing our sincerest thanks for
the great attendance and beautiful tokens of
nympathy at the funeral of our beloved
brother; also tt» the clersy of St. Boniface's
Church. St. Peter's Society, the Brewery
Workmen's Union No. 7, and also to the
Gantner & Guntz TJndertakins Comcany for
their kind and able manner In conducting
the funeral. .
Signed BARTHOLOMEW BUCHNEB.
JOHN BtJCHNER.
IGNATIUS BUCHNER,
CARD OF THANKS.
IE7Frtend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
? Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Druids' Hall.
413 Sutter street, where funeral services will
be held under the auspices of Court Hubertua
No. 15. F. of A. Remains at the funeral
parlors of the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking
Company, 1309 .Mission street, between
Eighth and Ninth. Cremation I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
STADE— In this city, July 11, 1301. Ernest.
beloved son of Mary and the late John Stade.
and brother of Minnie. Alma and Ella Stade.
a native of Nebraska, aged 27 years •
months and 1 day.
E7Frlem1s and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence, 529 Grove street. Interment Cypress
•Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30,-0* clock train from
Third and Townsend streeta.
WALL-In this city. July 13. 190t at his resi-
, dence, 433 Hayes street, John C. Wall, dearly
beloved son of Caroline and the late James
Wall, and beloved brother of Carrie Wall, a
native of Sutter Creek. Amador County, Cal.,
aged 25 years 4 months and 16 days.
WEIL— In this city, July 13, 1901, Alexander
L.. beloved son of Leopold A. and the late
F.ertha Well, and brother of Alphonse B. and
Adella "Weil. Mrs. Leopold Weil and Mrs.
iSol Sondhelmer. a native of Germany, aged
53 years 9 months and 4 days.
1 C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday),, at 10 o'clock, from the family
residence. 87S Eddy ' street. Interment Home
of 'Peace Cemetery, by-' 11:30 o'clock train
frcm Third and Towr.scnd streets.
fully Invited to attend the funeral tills day
<Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 24 Harriet street, and thence by 11-30
o'clock train to New Salem Cemetery for in-
terment. Please omit flowers.
SORENSON— In this city. July 11. 1901. Xela
Sorenson. beloved brother ot John Sorenaon
of San Francisco and Mrs. Charles A. Pres-
ton of Stockton, a native of Denmark, aged
E3 years and 2 months. A member of Court
Hubertus No. 13, F. of A.
Visit our . m.r' •*
EgyptianWriter
itPhis oriental den
OI7; seeoncf f/oor*
On the Second Floor.
. Sayed Mehrem is the only Egyp-
tian professor of chirography. within
10,500 miles of San Francisco. He is
a unique and 'interesting person.'
He is such an interesting and unique
character that we knew you'd be glad
to meet him and see what he can do.
We've fixed up for him a cozy Ori-
ental room on the second floor. He
says it reminds him so much, of Cairo
that he'll dress up as he used to.
By the way, he is a full-fledged
American citizen now, with a charm-
ing American wife by his side. '
But visit his booth. See the wed-
ding announcements, the diplomas,
the calling cards and all such things
that he has created."
Good news of good
We've got a finer stock of silver-
ware than many folks think we have,
and our prices are less than what pre-
vail about town. /
Maybe it's our fault you haven't
become acquainted with these facts.
We'll try and be more faithful from
now on. . '
ENGRAVED CAKE STANDS— Triple-
plated in bandscme patterns, price now..;
'SATIN * FINISHED". CAKE ' STANDS— Tri-
ple-plated— newest and prettiest designs..
:... 91.50
BREAD PLATES— QUADRUPLE PLATE,
burnished— Colonial design— were $2.00,
now OSc
BUTTER DISHES— Triple-plated, satin
finished, handsomely engraved $1.30
SILVER CUPS— Triple-plated, satin fin-
ished, reduced from 25c to 10c
OYSTER FORKS— Rogers Bros." 1847 fam-
ous goods In Columbian patterns and
other good styles— were |1.90 a set, now
6 for ;.. $1.4S
ROGERS' TEASPOONS — Silver nickel-
plated. 6 for '....lOc
ROGERS* DESSERT KNIVES— 12-dwt. sil-
ver-plated. 6 for.* OOc
SILVER-PLATED FRUIT KNIVES— A
set $1%15
DESSERT SPOONS — Silver-plated In vesta
patterns — were 75c. now fi for OOc
Hale'e.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
"I* France Dress Forms"— Made
of taznpico. with double pad; one of
the most perfect fitting forms made;
your dress will hang perfectly if you
wear one. Only 50c each.
Hand ' Mirrors- Of one-half-inch
thick plate glass; 2% inches by 4%
inches long, with different shades of
plush binning. These were purchased
at a low figure, which enables us to
give you this advantage while they
last. »c each. >
Hair Combs in Side and Empire
Style®— Of shell/and in a large as-
sortment of shapes; goods that we reg-
ularly sold for fee. are now marked 9c.
Nickel-Plated Safety Pins. 3c
Dozen— Choose from three sizes— num-
bers 2, 2% and 3. They are our 5c pins,
but you may have them now for 3c.
' Beeswax 5c "a -Diece— It's for wax-
ing thread.- We have Just -jceceived a
gross, but out it goes again.
Ifextefe KnittinGr t Oott<m-Regu-
larly sold at 5c a ball; 350 balls of
brown, cardinal, black, navy and some
white will be placed on sale at 3c a
ball.
Other, notions too rood to pass:
Womefte 4&e 'fjz
nosfSvppottm
Another convincing proof of our
"NEW JULY POLICY" of making
things cheapest when most wanted.
These, supporters couldn't be prettier
or of a better quality, even* when sold
at full prices. T^yjj
They are tn all colors, of fancy frilled
«Ia8tle: th« fastening is the new safe-
ty kind; 10c a pair.
5c each. CC\ //
Women's whit© cam- tvOw ft
brie handkerchief*— \WtC^/
soms are hemstitched, J£r
others have colored -And A \
hemstitched borders— \\ .v\
Btlll others have rever© t\ x_rf?
effects. - We recently re- ©A
ceived 130 odd doaen. X/'^f-'Y
which w© aye able to /$r^C\
sell at 5c / \
9c Each. Regular ws* /)
15c and 2Oc Values V^^^y'
Fine Swiss handker- \^r^w
chiefs 'with sca'Jopedi
and embroidered borders, others hem-
stitched with embroidered borders and
corners — hemstitched with lace Inser-
tion and lace edging as well as lace
corners, others with fancy openwork
borders — a magnificent variety of
handkerchiefs that you'd pay 15c and
20c for usually, now 9c
8c each.
Women's plain whits
handkerchiefs with hem-
stitched borders— mora
than 1000 of them to sell
now at 3c,
3000 Yards Muslin at 42C.
36 inches wide and unbleached. An exc eptional quality at this price.
the
two
m
I vw\ \~Z^[S*i&-ffi*<&ncisco-A Convention City x §^pr^MMo' L -
fcNIOf & ffai&s- A Convention^Store\\^v Wjg r
' kwdy^^ I SiSiilfi wMlll
L ' /illill/ ' I We'll make the store speak 'pur. welcome as yoifll need to replenish your wardrobe, and we've RlS. 1 1'inrTn^UTO H I
V WWj I I warmly and heartily as we know-how. ' We've' : put them -forward this week— gloves, veilings, t MM'S/l / / (M V Mil
Wv /' lilt ddne . a11 we can think of hei J e to make vou feeI at neckwear, .handkerchiefs, belts, run-about hats or U>MU |\| r-— — '« 1111. ifi
y^S^Y ¦'¦'¦ /| ' / I home. There's a hundred-and-one ' little -things . lighter=weight wraps, stationery, satchels, etc! OJ llQll j ill lJ U' fflJItn
\~4wi\ I Hale's is California's Proudest Women's Store. pSi^^PM
'Wm^\^^:^^T^,m^^ It's too big, ne d t r f n ss a^ oln a t^ n ffl^ e^^^^ i^TOl'^R^li
vT rVr A< YIU II lUl too light, too airy, too comfortable and too busy • work Is performed by experienced artists— prices h\rk''YjSF>'\ M^T^Jw^l
J/Ls I^Z in , ., . . . . ¦•-••¦. ¦ c are no higher than what's asked for the doubt- t /niVr* | i\;'KP» \ 'WSJ.5i«J : lN9S8»l
»&/Ki^-*^ v > III any wl deawake visitor to keepaway. from. ' f uf work ' \\/).li / !'«tv t \ «\^W»WvTO¥
\ / Then, too, you'll want to tell your friends you've A Postoffice in the Stor^-Is another convenience iVOT'h'ia., . », I Wl W \^3
OryiX M!S/KK '¦ \Vi PI v 1 tr i y ¦••••¦ " for you to enjoy. • Postofflce matters of all kinds /,» ltiMti/W^k I TOM fl&W^SKJ
izAfLrrJJjr c^ l[l I been to Hales. ..: . \ . . may be attended to here officially and quickly. 0 wWRv I \3^ SlW^I
@^f'?K0W>S /<\\^MI Our Ladies' Parlors are cozy places to lounge In. - Ves, Hale's is a handy store for Epworth Leag- Wl||fJ I^ft -OT j£|r\ Vl
or read, or write, or telephone, or meet your uers; only three short blocks from the Mechan- j»M/^yJ{Kj MiWi
/ffl/fa/JP^/L"Vi^!rZ^\ friends in-as luxurious and- homelike as they can ics. Pavilion, where the Convention meets. So tMJtMm / 1W, WPIMII
%L ifcmllJr U^rr^rV^ " be " Quite handy to them are our ' handy that- The' Central Commities Has MaJt Us Wfflwj-^M^uWlMflff 1
*±W?mL'l }i vv%l Official Headquarters for Epworth League Flags. • BHWBIft^fftF^^^I
8c each. tff
Women's plain whlta Vv /tn
ndJcerchlexa with hem- stfrr^yM/
Itched borders— more iiJhImSBh
an 1000 of them to sell /xir
iw at 3c. S \
5c each* bs\ //
Women's white cam- \v*rW £]
f I c • handkerchief*— •
me are hemstitched, ]£r n4f\
hers have colored -And A \
smstltched borders— \ \ . .A
11 others have revere t\ Stf/
!ects. - We recently re- @ri
lved 130 odd dozen xsrvT-'Y
hlch we are able to y$r
; Each. Regular ws* /0
»c and 20c Values
Fine Swiss handker-
S^^^^l^S/ Q Out " best £4 'jnch > */.** * gvar'ah teed
RffiEgif \ Blach Taffetas for^X %
bIJIIlI lljlap**^? ? \idL/d \\ They are just as good and true silks as we can get to sell for $1.25. In fact,
\ff/ ' ;• Q''.jS 1 we give you the same rigid money-back guarantee at a dollar as we do when you
I />-•* *vV '•• //ftSir pay us a dollar and a quarter. . " • ' ' \ , ' /. v »
I fa ihwuTt '* '" ,r_!r?t*L' ' --'^ ¦ And this guarantee means something: ' You either get your money back or have
\/r^St~/' \*"&- * W'2/7) i ir7nf7rtWW&V the cloth replaced if wear Is not satisfactory. . » j* ( ! ;-.
U V* «"•/ r 'if-'L-Jl V^fyPlWJnijSQx^i P f course, if business had no uncertainties, the" case would.be different. For
r \'n%&^^rh**~ Accident That BHn^s Such an Offer,
-.....¦ ¦ As this. We don't see how it can eVer happen again, for- when this limited quan-
Black Serges 55c." ' tity is gone youjll have to pay $1.25. :>..:¦ \- ;¦•,
Of best French make and in a fine India We've a 23-inch wide. Black Taffjta at 55c "that's a heavier quality and 4
3 wlde ~ extra value lhls inches wider than anything we know hi in the city for near the price.
' Black Granite 50c. ' Also guaranteed Black Peau de Soies, $1.00, that are 21 inches wide, very
A new extra heavv fabric of Vest dve heaw; the softest and most beautiful blacks seen anywhere. ' * >
and Sh and 36 inchel wide, now on^J . 1^ has our money-back guarantee for its wearing Qualities. We take
50c yard. a Bift^ifaybe you want some printed silks. So here are
5Oc Jacquards 29c y This Si ascn's Choicest Styles of .
A fancy suiting which comes in 12 colors, s\f\ « /t>< V\ mm «-r ¦ ¦ jr>'»W« wm
is 37 inches wide and especially adapted <R1 i|BI 51 fl fl fl% I *}E\ H OIll^l f»fl SSlll^Q ] £2%C
for outing wear. On sale now at this ex- 1 • Vivf d IIU t{> I • -^O rUUIdl UOUKO (UW
ceptionaUy lowprice,_»c. -¦ And" there's plenty of blacks and whites amongst them.
Waistings 5Oc Yard. This is for women who love fine silks; silks of real " practical importance.
French wafifings°in SSpeEfS *$£*£?- Jhere couldn't, be anything more popular than these Foulards. Every yard of-
ular Zoc grade and full 27 inches wide— fered is new this season and the designs are all our own; 24 inches wide. >
while it lasts 50c yard. > Thank our new July 'policy for all this. . — - .' ' '.
i , ; »— — — — i — •
&(kneYanied$hirtWalstS s ' ill
"hey are snappy, stylish garments; the pictures above illustrate l^^^BIIiB?Kp^^fefe J^P^Y
m; the details that follow describe them. Not relics or wrecks, 5 ' 1 '^'
right up to the minute in every detail. We want you to see /Sk ;§&-«&
m. See if our new. July policy of "making cheapest those $^LrfS$i#x
igs you want most" isn't working' wonders. '
'he economies are important, for the savings are not at the sac- « -S*^£gsg!^ .
ce of some point of style or making or material. - '
IlillDlT
1 «... this firea! Trala 1
I **"" runs but twict 1
9 per week during k
I HOBSDIT ;™ J
8 THP Leaving a! 9 am. I]
p Han-rvesin |
I AIlirAflUll Chic2 8» at 2.15 I
I CALIrOnRli >" cnThu^i
I r" LI1 W"" 1 " and Sundays. |
1 iiuinn — B
I Li till I III Itsbltfk standard I
g of service is 8
3 ON \ toity maintained, j
|»FE I