VOLUME XC— NO. 67.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, AUGUST 6, 1901.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
General Manager Kruttschnitt Enlightens the Board on Cost of
Building a Spur Track and the Amount of Money Expended for
Operating Freight Trains Between This City and Bakersfield
RAILROAD COMMISSION LISTENS
TO SOME INTERESTING TESTIMONY
IN OIL RATE INVESTIGATION
Death Gomes Somewhat Suddenly After the Attending Physicians
Had Reported No Change in Condition of Their Royal Patient.
Crowned Heads Are Now on Their Way to the Bier
DO WAGER EMPRESS FREDERICK
PASSES AWAY QUIETLY AT CRONBERG
IN THE PRESENCE OF HER CHILDREN
COWES, Aug. 5.— King Edward received
the official news of the death of Dowager
Empress Frederick on board the royal
yacht Osborne simultaneously with the
receipt of the Associated Press dispatch
in London. The yacht'sflag was imme-
King Edward Receives News.
At 8 o'clock this evening Emperor "Wil
liam conducted the members of the Dow
ager Empress' : household into the death
chamber and led them one by: one past
the bedside to take a last farewell of their
mistress;
o'clock her physicians reported no
change Jn her condition. Emperor Wil
liam and her Majesty's other children
and the Empress Augusta Victoria were
in the sick room most of the day. They
were all around the bedside when the
Dowager. Empress passed away quietly.
Professors Renvers- and Spielhagen were
also in her room. The flag on the castle
was immediately half-masted.
CRONBERG, Aug. 5. — Empress
Frederick died at 6:13 p. m. The
death of the Dowacer Empress
. .was somewhat sudden. At 4
The witness said that the rate from Los
Angeles to this city was put in force to
meet the competition of the water car
riers an* to give the people of Southern
California an outlet for their oil; that the
cents more for doing double service. The
amount of oil shippe"d from Bakersfield in
June was 35,000 jtons. In May it was 37,500
tons.}. Assuming an average of 35,000 tons,
the business from Bakersfield alone would
amount to 420,000 tons. At 6 barrels to the
ton and 42 cents per barrel, this would
. amount to $1,058,400. . This same quantity
with a spur charge of 4 cents per barrel
would amount to $100,000 in round figures,
while the spur cost less than $110,000 to
build.
Why Hates Were Lowered.
which would leave a difference of only 5
the rate of 42 cents,' which would allow 9
cents for the other half of the same serv
ice. It is a fact, however, that to the
Bakersfleld rate there is an average of 4
cents per barrel added for spur charges,
than half of the service the' railroad made
from Bakersfleld to San Francisco, and in
making the rate from Bakersfield for less
Continued on Page , Two. ';!.
Continued on Page Two.
Sproule also testified that II was more
expensive and difficult to ship freight
itrom.Los Angeles to Bakersfleld than
Mr. Sproule . testified on Thursday last
that in fixing the rate for transporting
crushed stone for road purposes the rail
road company figured as carefully as it
could and made a rate of 7 5-10 mills per
ton, with the privilege of holding it at its
own convenience. The testimony yester
day- showed the company was shipping
lumber from Portland at $3 per ton for
more than 750 miles over two mountain
ranges at approximately 4 mills per ton
per mile and wheat from Og-den over 800
miles at $4 10 per ten, or approximately 5
mills per ton per mile; that It was ship
ping oil from Los Angeles to this city, a
tVstauce of.4S2 miles, at 52 cents peribar
rtl, approximately 6 2-10 mills per ton per
nlile, and while the rate of 514-10 cents
p.«r barrel was enforced it put a rate of
42 cents per barrel from Bakersfleld,
which was stated to be a nominal rate to
encourage the industry. -.- ? , — .
Freight Bates Discussed.
Kern County to San Francisco was $2 20 a
ton for a distance of 2S5 miles, making 1
-cent 19-100 mills per ton per mile. He then
g-ave the rate on furniture, tin cans and
other articles. The witness said the dis
tance in railroad miles between Los An
geles and San Francisco was 482, from
Bakersfield to San Francisco 314 and from
Los Angeles to Bakersfleld 168. He said
the oil rate from Los Angeles to San
Francisco was- 12-10 cents per gallon, or
51 4-10 cents per barrel, which is equal to
6 8-10 mills per mile per ton.
GENERAL. MANAGER KRUTT
SCHNITT. WHO TESTIFIED
IN THE OIL RATE CASE.
William Sproule, freight traffic manager
of the Southern Pacific, and Mr. Krutt
schnitt were the only witnesses examined.
Railroad Commissioner Laumeister had
recovered from his indisposition and was
able to take his seat with the other- mem
bers of the board.
In his effort to show the Railroad Com
missioners that the Kern County oil men
•were being overcharged by the railroad
for shipping their oil to this city and en
vironments Attorney Short examined both
vitn^sps on the cost of operating trains,
on rates between other points and asked
other pertinent questions.
Attorney Short opened the examination
by asking Mr. Sproule the rate on oil be
tween Beaumont. Tex., and three other
points— New Orleans, San Antonio and El
P3so. Mr. Frroule dispatched a clerk for
the necessary information, and during the
interim the witness enlightened the Com
missioners en the lumber traffic here and
in the north. When the clerk returned
Mr. Sproule read off the following state
ments in answer to the question;
The rate on petroleum from New Orleans tn
Eeaumcnt, a flistence of 2T8 miles, is $2 40 per
ton, or S% mills -per ton per mile. Between
San Antonio and Beaumont, a distance of 293
rr.'Jes, the rate is J2 40 a ton, or EH mills per
ton' r>er mile. From El Paso to Beaumont,
216 miles, the rate is J3 SO, or < 13-100 mills per
ton per mile.
Mr. Scroule said the rate on sand from
Mr. Sproule Testifies.
FRANK H. SHORT of Fresno and
Julius Kruttschr.itt. general man
ager of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, engaged in a wordy fencing
b6ut yesterday at the investiga
tion Into oil transportation rates now on
before the Board of Railroad Commission
ers. While the attorney proved an able
antagonist, the general manager parried
his Questions xvith the skill of an expert
railroad official. Short was persistent In
his verbal attack on Mr. Krutts';hnitt,
and when the day's proceedings came to
an end honors were a trifle In favor of the
railroad company. Attorney Short and
the general public were not Informed as
to the secret workings of the railroad
company, but 'sufficient Information -svns
elicited to be of advantage to the Fresno
attorney and of interest to oil men gen
erally.
WOULD NOT BE PITIED.
Why. She Ordered Public Excluded
Prom Her Grounds.
BERLIN, ¦ Augj 5.— The announcement of
the death of the Dowager, Empress Fred
erick was published, here too late for
comment in the "evening papers/; with the
exception | of- , the Freissinnige Zeitung,
which recalls i her heroic bearing; during
her husband's last days, "when she silent
ly: endured .the heartless; allusions of
Chauvinistic iGerman press." :.This'jour
nal'also praises her "dignified self-efface
ment"'since, the death- of .. Frederick the
Noble... .:.;- '¦¦' : • {¦,. .'•• ¦ ... " - ¦ .
'Soon after : the announcement was made
Within a " few hours of her birth, ¦ No
vember . 21, ' 1S40. .' the little lady, wrapped
in flannels, .was placed upon a • table in
Buckingham Palace and gave 'audience to
certain "lords of the Privy 'Council, and
other., notabilities.- According to their, ac
counts, the' wee specimen of royalty testi-
Few royal careers in modern times have
been marked with sharper contrasts than
that' of the Empress Frederick. Born
Princess Royal and heir apparent to the
British throne, she became successively
the Crown Princess of Prussia, the con
sort'of the ruler of Germany, then in a
few months wholly bereft of power, re
taining but the empty title of the widow
of an Emperor. Following the period of
mourning for her imperial husband. Came
the harsh, unfilial conduct of her son, who
did his utmost to ; make her feel that in
Germany there was no abiding place for
her. During the ensuing years she had
been practically lost to the public eye, un
til last spring, when it was reported that
she had secretly married Count Saecktorf.
This report, however, proved to he un
true.
VICTORIA'S OLDEST DAUGHTER.
Incidents in the Varied Life of the
Empress Frederick.
CRONBERG. Aug. 5.— Closely following
the announcement of , the. death from the
castle the church bells -were tolled and
the . flags half-masted. ¦_ Visitors to the
castle 'began inscribing, their, names in a
book placed for the 'purpose in the hall.
It ls>aid ttie cause of death' was dropsy,
accompanying cancer. The remarkable
vitality' of .the . Dowager Empress aston
ished her physicians. She retained con
sciousness to the end. The castle grounds
are now surrounded by soldiers and pa
trolled by hussars and mounted police.
"The world . shall not learn what' I am
suffering! I will not be pitied in my mis
fortune." ' .
The papers.assert that the Dowager Em
press long ago adopted her husband's
motto, "Learn to -.suffer without com
plaining.'.' She recently ordered, that the
public should r be excluded from • the
grounds of Friedrichshof, saying: "
the flags on all public buildings were half
masted. It is taken for granted that the
interment will be at Freidenskirche, Pots
dam, by the side of Emperor Frederick,
but the date, of the function is not yet
known publicly.
The marriage of Victoria and the Prus
sian' Crown Prince appears to have been a
genuine love match." ¦'Frederick ¦was one
of the most genial and gracious of men,
possessing . few of the harsh characteris
tics of the Hohenzollerns, while his bride
The teaching of the Prince Consort pro
duced great effect on the mind of his
eldest daughter, who had from her
earliest years been his constant compan
ion. He delighted in her quick intelli
gence and lively mind. While she was but
a child he had encouraged ¦ her to under
stand something of the pursuits which
most interested him and into which sha
was able to enter with the keenest pleas
ure.. She' often accompanied him in . his
walks, when he taught her to know every
herb and plant by its English, German
and Latin name. It was his custom when
she was only 13 to impart to her the con
tents of letters embracing a political cor
respondence with almost every civilized
country and to show her copies of hla re
plies. Political • economy was added to
the usual course of studies.
Companion cf the Prince.
The Queen was reading to her one day
from the Bible, when she came to the
words, "And God created man In his own
image." The Princess exclaimed. "But,
mamma, surely not also Dr. 7" Need
less to say, the doctor was not a hand
some man.
fled in by no means low tonea that she
resented this intrusion on her privacy.
When, less than a year after this scene,
the Prince of Wales was born, his preco
cious sister retired from the front row a3
heiress to the crown of England. When
the Princess was three year3 old her
mother writes that she "was quite a lit
tle personage, who speaks French and
English with great fluency and choice of
phrases. Pussette learns a verse by
heart, which - ends' | -with, 1& tableau se
deroule a mes' pieds" (the tableau muylls
itself at my feet). To show how well she
understands this difficult line I must tell
you the following bon mot. "When she
was riding on her pony and looking at the
cows and sheep she turned to her govern
ess and said, 'Voila le tableau que se de
roule a mes pieds' (there la the tableau
that is unrolling at my! feet). Is not this
extraordinary for 'a child of three year a
old?"
"We leas%d cars in order to put them
into the., service. . The rate in itself was
not compensatory. We were forced to put
in both rates by ' controlling conditions
with which we were confronted. The low
rate was given Bakersfleld and Coalinga
for the purpose of developing the country
and the oil industry. The rate by water
from Los Angeles to San Francisco was
a secret one and made by people in Los
The rate on oil from Coalinga to
Hanford is 15 cents per mile. A rate was
made on cement between Colton and San
Francisco to meet the competition by
water. Cement is freighted to this City at
$4 per ton for 528 miles,, which is at the
rate of 7 6-10 mills per ton per mile. The
rate on pomace is 1 cent per mile."
"In; shipping livestock," Mr. Short sug
gested; "you permit shippers to mix their
animals?" -
"Yes," answered the witness, "but they
don't desire it. In shipping horses with
hogs I fear the hogs would come out at
the worse end of the arrangement."
"But they would benefit by their higher
association," replied Attorney Short.
After this bit of pleasantry Mr. Sproule
Oil Cars Were Leased.
oil transportation was at that time, in the
hands of parties who were in the oil busi
ness, operating from San Pedro; that
when oil was discovered in Southern Cali
fornia the people called upon the railroad
to assist them. Their only avenue of ex-,
porting their oil was by water. They were
compelled to put their oil in barrels or
iron drums or sell !t to companies.
"Thereby," sa?d Mr. Sproule, "the in
dustry was troubled, and the producers
called upon us for help. Prior to that time
we had a rate of 1 2-10 mills per gallon
from Newhall to San Francisco to try to
capture the oil from the water carriers
via. Ventura. We, however, made a condi
tion^ that the exporter furnish the cars.
When the people of Los Angeles called
upon us for the same rate they had no
cars, and it was considerable expense to
get them. We saw an opportunity of de
veloping a new industry. But for our ac
tion in the matter people would have been
compelled to "sell to private oil companies
or charter craft for the purpose of trans
porting oil. They would have created
new lines of transportation. It was inter
est in the development of a new industry
and country that led us to make a rate : of
1 2-10., ....
THE LATE EMPRESS DOWAGER FREDERICK OF GERMANY, MOTHER
OF EMPEROR WILLIAM, WHO DIED YESTERDAY AFTERNOON AT
CRONBERG AFTER AN ILLNESS LASTING SEVERAL MONTHS.
¦ WASHINGTON, Aug. 5.— A dispatch
was received at the State Department to
day, from. Embassador White announcing
the death of the Dowager Empress' of Ger
many. The dispatch was sent to the
President at, Canton.
LONDON, Aug. 5.— The news of the
death of the Dowager Empress Frederick
spread slowly in London. The Associated
Press gave Buckingham Palace, Marlbor
ough House and the Mansion House the
first information that her Majesty had
passed away. As all the members of the
royal family and many of the officials are
out of town on holidays, it is not expected
that official recognition of her' Majesty's
death will be issued before morning. The
bells of St. Paul's Cathedral will be tolled
when the Home Secretary. Mr. Ritchie,
officially informs the Lord Mayor/ of the
death of the Dowager Empress. The offi
cials of the German Embassy had not
officially heard the news at 7:30 p. m.
Their, colleagues at The Hague, on the
other hand, received the news of the.de
mise of the Dowager Empress before it
had occurred, ! and halfmasted the lega
tion flag at about 3 p. m. The Foreign
Minister and the members of the legation
here cabled the legation at T*he Hague
when the mistake was discovered and the
halfmasted flag was hastily removed.
London Bells to Be Tolled.
The usual gayeties of Cowes regatta
week, which began to-day, are almost en
tirely absent. By. royal order, no dancing
of any kind will take place durins the
week. The entertaining will consist of im
promptu invitations to small concerts and
dinners issued an hour or two before
hand. The Americans here are seldom
ashore, except during the shopping hours
or on a brief visit to friends. Mrs. An
thony J. Drexel's yacht Margarita is
moored close to the royal yacht Osborne.
Mrs. Arthur Page is a guest on the Mar
garita. W*. K. Vanderbilfs Valiant is
also moored near the royal yacht. • The
Aphrodite, an American vessel belonging
to Captain Oliver Payne, and the Ameri
can yacht Calanthe, belonging to J.'Ar
thur Hinckley, are also here.
diately halfmasted. King Edward and
Queen Alexandra will leave here for Marl
borough House to-morrow. It is not
likely they will start for Berlin until
Wednesday.
'¦ A general alarm was , turned in for
apparatus and ambulances, and in the
meantime the work of rescue was volun
tarily begun by those in the neighborhood
that were not injured. Here and there
a person was dragged from the'ruins be
fore the fire could reach the victim, sev
eral lives being saved by the prompt
work. When the firemen reached : the
scene the flames had reached great head
way anrl were igniting the buildings
across the street. The fire, however, was
soon under control and with the exception
of a small blaze here and there "the fire
was extinguished .in a few, minutes. i
The work of digging away the ruins was
then begun in- earnest. Near the edge of
the debris several colored men were taken
out and sent to the hospitals.
The "Jefferson and the Pennsylvania
hospital*, which are located nearest to the
scene of the, explosion, were soon crowded
with the injured. None of those taken to
the hospitals had died up to midnight.
•Two hundred men are now at work clear
ing away the* wreckage. The buildings
containing the poolrooms, clothing store
and the restaurant were three-story brick
structures, while the other buildings .were
two ' and qnp -half stories. '
At 1:30 a. m. the only known deaths are
those at the .hospitals, that of an un
known colored woman and a 2-year-old
colored child. • ', • ; ,
At Pennsylvania hospital five of the pa
tients, it is thought, will die before morn
ing/ These are two colored women! one
colored man and, two colored children,
names not obtainable. Others at various
hospitals will also die." Among these' are
Samuel Gale, aged. 40 (white),, and his
daughter Florence, aged 20. Both are
badly burned in addition to other injuries.
- Of the Rosenthal family Minnie, aged 12,
was taken from the . ruins seriously in
jured and will die. The father is also
badly injured.
: Firemen and Policemen at Work.
Up to 1:30 a. m. the : police or ' fire offi
cials cannot add to the list of the dead,
but are positive that' a number of bodies
are still buried under the ruins.' Large
forces of firemen and policemen are at
work removing, the .wreckage,; ;but at this
writing have found no;bodies. •
; From forty to forty-five persons are to
night .lying", in /the several hospitals suf
fering more or less severe injuries. : .
At 2 a.m. the rescuers - came" across the
apparently inanimate body of a colored
woman/ but;; remarkable 'to ; relate, the
woman was alive; and, asked' for water.
She ,was quickly" 1 placed ' in; an ambulance
and sent to a hospital. ; She is Lizzie Wat
kins, aged 18.\; She had! been in the ruins
for four and a half hours. : , . } ,;
-. Five minutes-later, the .body., of *a negro
man was found. ' He .was not identified.
Victims in the Ruins.
A terrible cry . went up from the ruins
the moment the explosion occurred'.
Women, children and men, occupying the
wrecked houses, were seen crawling out
of the ruins, while the agonizing cries of
others were heard in the wreckage. . From
all the surrounding buildings injured peo
ple came running and fell into t!-ie streets
unconscious. To add to the horror, fire
broke out in the debris the moment it
settled to the ground, and in less than
five minutes the great pile was burning
fiercely from end to end.
The., explosion occurred about 9:30
o'clock. ~\Vhat exploded and how it hap
penedis not known at this time, but It i3
believed to have been a barrel of gasoline
in ones of the three grocery stores. With
the exploslomat : No. 1008 the front walls
of the buildings' were,, blown- outward,
-while, vt* -flwrs and .the roofs -were derhol-'
tshed. " ! - Almost - every .building in : a ; radius^
of two, blocks about the scene of : the ex
plosion had window panes shattered..
Every building on the opposite side of
Locust street was more or less wrecked,
but none of them fell.
Caused by Gasoline.
The buildings were occupied as follows:
No, 1008. Houseman's . pool and billiard
rooms: No. 1010, Morris Rosenthal's sec
ondhand clothing store, occupied by
Rosenthal, his wife and five children; No.'
1012, William Jones,- colored restaurant,
occupied by Jones and about fifteen board
ers; No. 1014, George- McClemmy's grocery
store, occupied by McClemmy's clerk and
servant girl ; ' No. 1015, . Patrick Quiglcy's
grocery, occupied by Quigley. his wife,
three children and his uncle; No. 101S, Al
bert Mountain's grocery and meat store,
occupied by Mountain, mother, sister and
clerk.- ",'
Over two score of others were more or
less seriously, injured. Some of those
taken to the. hospital will die. It is esti
mated ; that at least thirty-five persons
were in the .five buildings when the ex
plosion occurred and . the exact number
of dead will probably not be known for
twenty-four hours.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 5.— A terrific
explosion in -.a block of six: buildings on
Locust .street, near Tenth, wrecked five
of the \ structures and caused the death
of from ten' to twenty or more persons.
Disaster Supposed to \ Be Due to a
Barrel, of G-asoline and Flames
Add Horror to the
¦*'•*¦ ¦ ' Victims.
Five Structures Collapse,
Burying Scores of Unfortu
nates in Ruins.
Buildings Are Laid Low
and Twenty Persons
: Killed.
EXPLOSION
CAUSES BIG
DEATH LIST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLSECRETARY OF YOUNG MEN'S
/ j CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION, WHO
: WAS HONORED BY. ASSOCIATES.
Continued From Page One.
1 , Honors for : Von , Waldersee.
BERLIN,; Aug.. 5.— The Senate of Ham
burg- will "confer. upon Count .von Walder
see the freedom of the city on his return
from China. •
The only, route having through sleeping
car service between San Francisco and St.
Louis daily. : Stop-overs allowed at -Salt
Lake City. For full Information > ask L.
M. Fletcher, 12G California street.- / •¦¦• ,
'.'The Missouri Pacific Limited."
No Evidence Against Felkner.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 5.— The charge of fel
ony embezzlement against Attorney O. O.
Felkncr. which was made by John Down
of Almaden. was dismissed this morning
by Justice Rosenthal. The evidence was
not sufHclent to support • the charge.
Felkner was accused of getting J5S0 from
Down and for security giving a mortgage
which had already been satisfied.
. REDLANDS, Aug.: 5.— M. A.;Crawford,
a well-known horseman, was fatally in-,
jured last "evening about 7 o'clock ' while
driving a fractious .colt. The 'animal be
came frightened while passing the electiic
light - plant on East State - street and
swerved into ' an alley, throwing Crawford
to ; the -pavement. ¦;¦ The man sustained a'
three-inch fracture , of ' the skull, - besides
severe body bruises and internal injuries.
Horsemen Fatally Injured..,.
PHOENIX. Ariz., -Aug. >5. — A message
from Prescott says the southbound freight
train on the Santa Fe, Prescott and"Phoe
nix road ran into a washout at Point of
Rock, north of Prescott, this evening. The
fireman, engineer and head brakeman
were Injured, the fireman probably fatal
ly. Very heavy rains in the north have
caused great damage along the line of the
Santa Fe.
Train Buns Into a Washout.
RANDSBURG, Aug. 5.— There was a
tremenodus rain at this place this after
noon, accompanied by terrific thunder and
lightning. Half the houses in town' are
flooded and the streets are badly washed
out. Two and a half Inches of rain fell in
three quarters of an hour. The water
came down in blinding sheets and rivers
of water poured from every hillside. The
gravel and sand piled up at every obstruc
tion and many houses were flooded. Great
stones and deep holes obstructed the
streets. -- .-I ' ¦"' •>'.;•
Terrific Storm at Bandsburg.
Proposed Electric Line Changes.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 5.— There are some
contemplated changes in the management
of the San Jose and Santa Clara Elec
tric Railway to take place at the annual
meeting of that corporation Wednesday
The road was recently purchased by
George and Hugh Center, and it is said
Hugh Center will succeed J. P. Burke
as manager of the road. The Centers
own the Alum Rock road, and a new
corporation will be formed into which
both roads. will be merged. Plans are
also to be considered for transforming
the Alum Rock line from a motor into
an electric railway. The reSuction of the
fare from Santa Clara to San Jose from
10 cents to 5 cents will also be consid
ered.
Mcllhenny came to Redlands three years
ago and . acquired a half-interest In the
West American 'Fruit Company; the larg
est in Southern California, and it was on
account ," of 111 health, contracted while
looking | after his " extensive ¦ interests that
he determined- on a sea voyage on the
Stimson: He was ; an, enthusiastic sailor
and owned a fine: modern yacht at At
lantic City. N. J.., which he had latelv
placed at the disposal of friends. He was
a brother "of \ David- Mcllhenny of ¦ the
Philadelphia; firm of Huelme &.Mcllhen
ny,' - the largest' manufacturers of gas
fixtures in the world. ;
REDLANDS, Aug. 5.— It was not until
this morning that Redlands learned of
the death of one of its principal business
men,,' James Mcllhenny, who died while
en route to Seattle oh the schooner Stim
son. -Mcllhenny, according to private ad
vices from Captain Peterson of. the Stim
son, which arrived at Seattle yesterday,
was found dead on his stateroom floor ten
days ago, his death having been caused,
it is supposed, from a' fall of three feet
from his bunk. .
Killed on a Voyage to
£sV?k Seattle.
Prominent Business Man of Bediands
FALLS IN STATEROOM
AND IS FATALLY HURT
REDLANDS, Aug. 5.--A cloudburst in
the Santa Ana Canyon, the principal feed
er of the San Gabriel Valley water shed,
sent a volume of. water down this' after
noon .which-: destroyed ranch, 'mill and
power property to the extent of $200,000.
The storm was entirely unexpected/ not
a cloud, being In the sky two hours before
the precipitation. The water washed out
mountain roads, telephone and telegraph
lines and entirely . destroyed communica
tion, with the farther mountain resorts. .-
Several hunting . parties = were out after
deer, and up to 9 o'clock to-night were
still missing, but since they were hunting
on the hills it is thought they escaped the
first rush of water that flooded the lower
Cienegas ] and are prevented " from return
ing, to camp by the torrents still pouring
down the bottoms of the canyons. ;
Missing, but ? They Are Prob-
: -:>- ' : , jably Safe.
Hunters in the San Gabriel Valley
CLOUDBUBST SENDS
TORRENTS INTO CANYONS
WASHINGTON; Aug. 5.— The charges
and specifications upon which Major
Charles Doyen, fleet officer of- the No'th
Atlantic squadron, who was tried by
court-martial recently at Newport, the
findings of the court sentencing him to
lose two numbers and be publicly repri
manded, together with the action of the
reviewing authority in the department
here, have been published In general or
ders. The reprimand authorized ' by the
court is contained in the following In
dorsement of Acting Secretary Hackett:
"An officer should be deeply mortified
by the publication of an order announcing
to the service the fact of his trial by gen
eral-court-martial and a finding, that he
has been incapacitated for • the perform
ance of duty by reason: of indulging in al- !
coholic stimulants. Such publication will
be regarded as a sufficient performance
of the duty imposed upon the department
by the court, viz., that Major Doyen be
reprimanded by the . Secretary of the
Navy." i ' , ¦¦ ' " ¦- ' ' ¦, ¦ ¦ ¦;•'-¦¦•,.••¦£
Stimulants.
Overindulgence in Alcholic
Major Doyen Loses Two Numbers for
FINDINGS • OF THE COTJUT
MARTIAL ABE APPROVED
Will Close Quack Dental- Colleges.
MILWAUKEE, Aug. 5.— James Woman,
United States* Consul at Munich, Ger
many, who has been authorized by • the
State Department at Washington to make
an investigation of the operations of
dental institutions ' in the various States,
is here to attend the convention of the
Dental Association,. which opens to-mor
row. He will endeavor to secure evidence
that will put a stop to many of the dental
"diploma mills", which are said to exist
throughout the land. .- . ¦;
Helena Loses Revenue Office.
WASHINGTON, Aug.- 5.— Commissioner
of Internal Revenue Yerkes has ordered
the removal of. the ofHce of Collector of
Internal Revenue for the- district com
prised of Utah and Montana from Helena
where it has been located, to Salt Lake.'
The change is made to suit the con
venience of the new collector.
W. F. Pickston, manager of A. Block
Company at Santa Clara, has attended to
the buying. H- P. Pickston. a brother
of the latter, was taken from Santa Clara
a year ago to manage Rhodes' fruit in
terests and introduce up-to-date Califor
nia methods in the cultivation.
SAN JOSE. Aug. 5.-Cedl Rhodes, the
South African magnate, has been buy
ing a large quantity of orchard and farm
implements here for his extensive fruit
colony at Rhodeeia, South Africa. By
the steamer Sierra twelve complete sets
of harness and other accessories for or
chard work were shipped from here.
Previous shipments Included orchard
trucks, cultivators, spray pumps fruit
ladders, etc.. to the extent of many thou
sands of dollars. . .
South African Magnate Makes Larga
Purchases of Orchard-Cultivat
"./.¦ ing- Paraphernalia Here.
CECIL BHODES BUYS
HAHIfESS IN SAN JOSE
Attacks were made on the cars on the
night of June 18 and some of them were
burned. A large body of police succeeded
in dispersing- the crowd, but on Sunday
the disturbances were renewed and on
Monday six cars were burned in the Lar
geo De Sao Francisco, which was finally
cleared by the police after several per
sons had been wounded. The following
day barricades were built In the Quividot
and other important business streets In the
vicinity of the Largeo de Sao Francisco,
and the thoroughfares were kept cleared
only by the repeated charges of boththo
cavalry and Infantry- Quiet ¦was restored
on Wednesday night by an announcement
that the company would return to the old
schedule of fares. The police aroused al
most a universal protest . by their reck
lessness and severity, but the only demon
strations against them were entirely un
organized and almost puerile. They were
apparently directed,' Bryan says, against
the police as individuals rather than as
Government authorities. The only legal
questions as yet growing out of the dis
turbances have been suits against indi
vidual policemen for undue violence.
CALL BtTREAU, 1406 G STREET,
N. W., WASHINGTON," Aug. 5.— Rio Ja
neiro was the scene of seTious rioting
June 18, according to an official report re
cived by the State Department from
Charles Page Bryan, Minister to Brazil.
Five persons were killed and 200 were
wounded before quiet was restored. Bryan
says the disturbance was not of a political
character and no traces of a revolution
ary attempt against the Government could
be discovered. The rioting lasted several
days. It began in consequence of an in
crease in the fares made by the Sao Chris
tavos Street Railway Company under the
terms of a recent contract with the Gov
ernment.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 5.— Suit was insti
tuted in the Supreme Court of the Dis
trict of Columbia to-day by a number of
Caddo Indians and white men who have
married Indian women asking that a writ
of mandamus be Issued against the Secre
tary of the Treasury compelling that of
ficial -to approve selections of lands in
the newly opened lands in Oklahoma Tee
ritory. They base their claims upon an
old act of Congress granting lands to
members of Indian tribes affiliated with
the Wichita Indians. An order to show
cause, returnable on the 13th inst. , was
Issued by the court.
ury to Approve Selections
Made by Them.
Seek to Compel Secretary of the Treas-
CADDO INDIANS SUE <¦£>? "
FOR OKLAHOMA LANDS
Five Persons Ai % e Killed
and Two Hundred
"Wounded.
LONDON, Ky., Aug. 5.— A" party of
about thirty men, nearly equally divided,
engaged in a fight on Tan Tard Branch
Sunday. It is said the Stapletons and
Hamptons were on one' side and the
Benges, on the other. . The trouble had
been expected. Both parties were armed
•with rifles and shotguns.
The attack Is said to - have been made
from ambush, but reports are conflicting
as to which was the attacking party. Be
tween 75 and 100 shots were fired and sev
eral were wounded, though none killed.
The most seriously hurt are said to be
Perry Hampton and Tilford Benges.
Further trouble Is expected, as > both
sides are reported to be reinforcing.
Shotguns, but None of .Them
Are Killed.
Kentuckians Battle With Rifles and
SEVERAL MEN SHOT
DTTRINGr A FACTION" FIGHT
Inherited from her father rare intellectual
gifts and from her mother that excellent
good sense for which the English Queen
was noted. When the young couple
reached Prussia and settled down to the
humdrum of domestic life they were given
a suite of rooms in the castle of Babeis
bere. near Potsdam, or in a wing of the
Berlin castle. Not till after their first son
was born was a house of their own as
eigned to them. Then they, went to live at
the new palace of Potsdam, the vast pile
whica had been built by Frederick the
Great. Here the couple lived and reared
their children. Their mode of life, was
quiet, but they appear to have thoroughly'
enjoyed It It was not until after the
close of the Franco- Prussian war and the
unification- of Germany 'that the -'breach
bet-weerL the Crowa Prince^ and Bismarck
occurred, which widened as the years
went by. In his opposition to the tyranni
cal policy of the Chancellor Frederick was
Ftrongly supported by his wife, and the
enmity thus engendered bore bitter fruit
in after aays. In June, 1S&S, after reign
ing less than five months. Emperor Fred
erick died. The blow was a cruel one to
the widow. She had not only to endure
her wifely grief, but had to bear the pro
nounced and dimly veiled hostility of Bis
marck and the coolness and negle'ct of her
first born, who had succeeded to the
throne. After the first period of her se
clusion was over the Empress went to
visit her mother. How bitter the inter
vening months had been to her now that
her son sat in his father's place may bi
pathered from an observation that fell
*rom her lips when sne was being escorted
around the Stuart exhibition at the new
paiJery in London. The Empress paused
before a picture of Mary, Queen of Scots.
I am glad, she said, "that queens do not
lose their heads now in the way they did
.nthose days." She paused, then added
<Jr»Jy. 1 should have lost mine several
times during the last few months if they
Continued From Page One.
. At six barrels to a ton this , would
amount to 1,502,000 barrels. The bulk of
the oil Is shipped to San Franciso and vi
cinity. In May, 1901, 6954 tons were shipped
from all points of the Coalinga district.
The heaviest month the railroad has had
from all points in the Kern County dis
trict was 37,586 tons, the witness said.
..Mr. Sproule was allowed to depart and
an adjournment was taken until 10 o'clock/
this morning. - . - /
The Southern Pacific Company handled,
he showed, in the years 1898-1900 from the
Kern River district the following quanti
ties of oil:
•98-'99, 66 tons; '99- p 00, 6845 tons; 'OO-'Ol, 250,
9S3 tons. - . . _ .. \,i:.v.
Mr.. Sproule was then recalled and read
a tabulated statement showing the list of
oil shipments, in tons from the CoaJInga
and Kern County districts, beginning July,
1898, down to June, 1900. He showed that
the average capacity of a car was twenty
five tons; that the oil in Kern County
district was heavier than that of the Coal
inga district; that oil averaged about 7%
pounds to a gallon. . - ¦•• — ¦
Mr. Sproule Recalled.
Southbound— Through freight, 18 hours and 5
minutes; way train, 29 hours and 15 minutes.
Northbound — 17 hours and 10 minutes; way
train. 28 hours and 15 minutes. --
¦ Despite the answer Attorney Short grew
more persistent. He asked what it would
cost to run a freight train to Ban Fran
cisco, and Mr. Kruttschnitt replied:
"The answer is obvious. I am to say
that the whole cost of running a train is
wages and cost of fuel. I am not ready
to admit It. I never believed it. T have
given you the average cost of running
trains on this division. If we* admit that
the oil train can be run for wages of men
and fuel, some one else would ask, 'Can't
the cattle train be run for the same?' and
another would ask, 'Could not the grain
train be run for the same?' Then we
would reach the absurdity that trains can
be run over the road for the wages of men
and cost of fuel. Every train bears its
fair share of expense."
, "Assuming that a train loaded with oil
should return empty, what would be the
portionof expense of taking it back?"
"The same," answered the witness. ••
' Mr. Kruttschnitt in answer to a ques
tion said the locomotive burned 175 gal
lons of oil, which equaled a ton of coal.
He said if coal and oil cost the same he
would use coal, as there would be no
necessity of changing the engines Into oil
burners, thus saving between $500 and $600
on each engine. He said the time occu
pied by a freight train ' plying between
West Oakland and Bakersfleld was as fol
lows: . . .¦
Kruttschnitt Was Cautious.
erators or superintendents, with managers
to look. after superintendents* and presi
dents to look after managers.
was allowed to leave .the witness stand
until Mr. Kruttschnitt could enlighten
Mr. Short on matters pertaining to the
cost of building roads -and the profits
from them.
Mr. Kruttschnitt Testifies.
Mr. Kruttschnitf was asked the cost of
constructing the spur line from Kern City
to the Oil River district. He brought forth
a number of statements from his pocket,
and after consulting one of them an
nounced that it cost $110,000. When asked
what the length of the spur track was,
he replied that there is a track running
from the main line to Little Oil City sta
tion, which is called Kern River, which is
6 41-100 miles long, and springing from
that line is another track 2% miles in
length, making approximately nine miles
of track. He was then asked to show
how the $110,000 was expended to build this
spur, and he read off the following items
of expense:
Railway, J1650; clearing, grabbing and grad
ing-, $11,240; trestles, culverts, etc., $5489; turn
tables, telegraph lines, water tanks and build
ings, $15,910; track material and labor, $58,551;
ballasting $3765; fare and freights, -«S709: rental
of cars, hand cars and locomotives, $1135; train
service, wagres of locomotive men and train
men, $3975. Total, $109,838. . .
An adjournment was taken for lunch at
this juncture.
Wages of Train Crew.
Engines TJsing Oil.
At the opening of the afternoon session
Mr. Kruttschnitt was asked by Attorney
Short to tell. what wages a train crew
operating between this city and Bakers
fleld would receive. The witness said it
was necessary to have' six men on a train
and he enumerated the engineer, firemen,
conductor and three brakemen. He said
the engineer received from $4 to $4 50 a
day, a conductor $3 50 and a fireman and
brakeman $2 50 per day. Mr. Short then
did some figuring and made, the witness
admit that this would amount, to about
$45 per day. The attorney then interro
gated the general manager about coal and
oil as fuel for locomotives. Mr. Short
read the following passage from a booklet
issued by the railroad:
The Santa Fe and Southern Pacific railroads
have adopted oil as fuel and are now using
about 6000 barrels a day. These two roada
have about 600 locomotives In use In California,
which are b»Inff equipped for burning oil as
rapidly as the supply can be assured. Over
200 locomotives are now using fuel oil, which
consume thirty barrels each a day. When the
remaining 400 locomotives burn oil it will re
quire 18,000 barrels a day to supply them, or
about 6.50O.00O barrels a year, which Is nearly
double tbe entire production of the State at
preaant. The Santa Fe has recently made ; a
contract for 750,000 ¦ barrels a year for five
years at a price said to be $1 a barrel at the
wells.
The witness admitted that to his knowl-
"Eliminating those Items," said the at
torney, "what other expenses are neces
sary to move the train?" ;. .- •
"If those other items were not. Included
you could not move the train?'- replied the
witness.
Judge Short and the witness then ar
gued the matter. Mr. Kruttschnitt de
clared that he did not want to testffy to
an absurdity. He said the railroad com
pany could not run the train without
rails, crosstles, dispatchers, .telegraph op-
"I should say that every item on. the
route up to the portion of. the salary of
the president was needed to move that
train." ¦". ' .• ¦ .
Attorney Short interrogated the witness
along these lines for the purpose of show
ing the Railroad Commissioners that the
cost of running a train from Bakersfleld
to this city was nominally a small one.
He next asked Mr. Kruttschnitt whether
there was any expense outside of fuel and
wages of train crew. The question was
cleverly parried by the witness, and the
attorney and railroad manager had a
merry tilt. Mr. Short was persistent and
Mr.- Kruttschnitt was on the defensive.
In answering the question the manager
said: . . ¦ '
Cost of Running Trains.
The witness was next asked the number
of tons of coal it takes to fire an engine
to pull a freight train of thirty cars be
tween Bakersfleld and West Oakland. Mr.
Kruttschnitt said he preferred to answer
this question correctly, and Mr. Sproule
obligingly, went to the office and had the
matter looked up. Mr. Kruttschnitt, on
getting the data, answered that twenty
four tons of coal would be needed and
that this would cost about $100< This he
based on the average cost of coal on the
Western and San Joaquin divisions.
edge both ' roads were rapidly 'changing
their engines into oil burners. He said it
was very expensive to make the change.
He was then \ asked the amount of coal
used by an engine traveling between Bak
ersfleld and "West Oakland, and he replied
petulantly that he . had been answering
questions in an unsatisfactory way. He
stated he was trying to give ¦ categorical
answers to all questions and had on. re
ceiving the subpena directed his clerk to
furnish him with information that was
said to be desired. Tf Mr. Short wanted a
proper answer to that question he would
have to send to his office and have it
looked up. Mr. Short expressed the de
sire, $o a clerk was dispatched. In the
meantime Mr. Kruttschnitt informed his
auditors that the price for coal paid by
the railroad for the Western division was
$4 30 per ton and for the San Joaquln divi
sion $4 24 per ton. The cost of running a
train one mile on the Western division
was $2 20 and on the San Joaquin division
$2 42. The~slze of the train on the West
ern division 'wou\d be twenty-six cars and
on the San Joaquin practically the same.
COMMISSION INVESTIGATES OIL RATES.
SERIOUS RIOTS
IN RIO JANEIRO
Boys "Km a Bear's Cubs.
Rev. George S. Mead was rector of Trin
ity Episcopal School. He* had been for
many years assistant to Rev. E. B. Spald
ing and when that well-known clergyman
retired deceased succeeded him. Rev. Mr.
Mead was very popular with the pupils
and the news of his death was received
with sorrow by his pupils and many
friends.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 5.— Minister
Hunter, at Guatemala, in a cablegram to
the State Department, reports the death
from heart disease of 'Rev. -George S.
Mead of San Francisco, formerly of Hing
ham, Mass., which occurred at Antigua,
June 19.
y/The deceased was an Episcopal clergy
man and was traveling with Professor
Walter E. Bryant of Santa Rosa, Cal.,
combining pleasure with scientific inves
tigations in . Guatemala. Rev. Mr. Mead
was buried in Antigua and Professor Bry
ant took charge of his effects.
Well-Known Rector of Trinity Epis-
copal School Passes Away in
* Guatemala.
OFFICTATi EEPOETOP
BEV.'G. S. MEAD'S DEATH
Advices from Dutch Harbor via Sitka
on the steamship Queen indicate that two
white men shot down Con and Florence
Sullivan and P. J. Rooney on Unimak Isl
and last* June. Owen Jackson, the only
surviving member of the ill-fated party,
expresses in his statement of the affair
the belief that natives shot down ¦ the
defenseless prospectors. Other evidence,
however, tend3 to make two deserters
from a fishing schooner responsible for
the deed. It has since been learned that
when the Rev. Mr. Scott and a party of
prospectors were catnped on Unimak Isl
and about the time of the murder two
white men who had deserted from one. of
Linn & HofTs fishing schooners came to
their camp and told a story of having
stopped over night at another prospector's
camp, where they found two of them dead
and evidences . of another having left.
These men showed Scott about $1200 in
money, a Savage rifle, revolvers and a
gold watch. They said they were going"
back to bury the men. This was the last
seen of them by Scott.
Judge E. C. Rognon of the United States
Commissioner's Court at Teller City has
been indicted by the Federal Grand Jury
and arrested for alleged misuse of Gov
ernment money. It is charged that the
Judge used Government money for the
purchase of supplies and a building which
he claimed was for Government use. He
claims to have made arra-ngements where
by the Government is amply protected
from loss and *he matter should have and
would have been settled by a civil suit if
it had not been for the activity of his ene
mies.
Improper Use of Government
Honey.
SEATTLE, Aug. 5.— The Teller News of
July IS, received to-day via the steamer
Queen, just in from Alaska, says:
Charges Preferred That He Hade
¦
GRAND JURY ¦ INDICTS
A TELLER CITY JUDGE
The proclamation, of which 50,000 copies
have been printed, purports to emanate
from Batangas. It is a characteristic in
surgent document, charging the Amer
icans with all sorts of atrocities. It re
counts the losses of guns and ammuni
tion and the death of four distinguished
American officers, July 10th, a|l of which,
it says, the authorities concealed. The
proclamation threatens General Cailles
with death for treachery, and warns all
Filipinos who surrender that they will
never be able to live outside the Amer
icin lines. Malvar claims he has suffi
cient arms and supplies to continue the
fighting indefinitely.
The American officials believe the proc
lamation was really written by Agoncillo
(the former representative of Aguinaldo
In Europe) at Hongkong, and he prob
ably has never seen Malvar. Strong ef
forts are being made by the police to pre
vent the distribution of the document.
MANILA, Aug. 5.— Miguel Malvar, who
has been recognized as the successor . of
Aguinaldo by the Filipino Junta at Hong
kong, issued a proclamation dated July
16, copies of which arrived this morning.
giving assurance of the continuance of an
active campaign and expressing hope for
its successful issue.
Some Important Conferences
Precede the Coming State
Convention..
DOWAGER EMPRESS
HAS PASSED AWAY
managers of his candidacy claim that the
matter is one of Indifference to them.
There are several counties that are In
structed for Cummins that are also in
structed to vote as a unit, and the ques
tion is about as broad as it is long. The
matter will probably be left to the choice
of the individual delegations. As the
matter stands to-night Cummins has a
long lead.
a-x-i :¦: i m i : ii-i-i-.; ¦:¦¦;¦.:¦¦;¦¦:¦ :¦¦:-;¦ e
-Cummins can. ' -with the strength he
owns at the present time, practically con
trol the vote for Judge of the Supreme
Court, and he is likely to . put that
strength where it would bring the largest
return for his own candidacy. There has
been some talk of enforcing in the con
vention a unit rule. It was first suggest
ed by the opponents of Cummins, but the
It was decided by the conference this
morning tliat if the Cummins faction tri
umphed on the floor of the convention in
the fight over the report of the creden
tials committee a bolt should be made to
some one candidate and the full strength
of the opposition thrown to nim.
The Cummins people laugh at this, and
pay that after they have won the fight on
credentials there will be nothing to do
but count the dead, and among them will
be nobody named Cummins.
The make-up of the credentials commit
tee is EtiH in doubt, the opposition to
Cummins claiming seven out of eleven
members, while the Cummins people
claim four, -with excellent chances of get
ting two mere. The make-up of the com
mittee is not of prime importance, as no
matter how the contests are decided in
the committee room they will be brought
before the convention in the shape of ma
jority and minority reports, and right
here will come the tug of war that will
reveal the full strength of Cummins and
that of these who are against him. It is
admitted by both sides that t±>e winner of
the fight on the report of the credentials
committee on the floor of the convention
will name the next Republican candidate
for Governor. The Ccmmins men claim
that they will be able to win the fight on
the floor of the convention, no matter
how the report of the committee goes, but
this claim is denied strenuously by the
managers of the other candidates. They
claim to have in opposition to Cranmins
an aggregate of 940 to S3) votes, and these,
they sar, when handled solidly, will not
only prevent the nomination of Cummins,
but will insnr- the choice of any other
•man who may be selected by the steering
committee.
Cummins. The determination, of the can
didates to make a common fight against
Cummins was reached this morning in a
conference that lasted from an early hour
until noon. It was decided to force the
contest first of all before the committee
on credentials, where the opposition to
Cummins hopes to take from him twenty
eight votes. There are three contests to
ccme before the committee, involving in
Jackson County , sixteen votes, in Carroll
County twelve votes and in Polk County
eight votes. The contests are all against
the Cummins men. and a mighty effort
will be made to unseat them.
nomination In the coming Republican
State Convention. The committee is com
posed of two represents tives of each can
didate for Governor with the exception of
CEDAR RAPIDS, Iowa. Au^. 5.—Cum
mins against the field and the fortunes of
the field in the absolute control of a steer
ing and sifting committee is the situation
to-night In the fight for the gubernatorial
WASHINGTON, Aug. 5.-Cornptrollcr
of the Currency Dawes has Issued the
following statement regarding the results
of the passage of the act of March 4, 1900;
The impetus given to the organization of
national banks by the act which became a. law
on March 14, 1900. still continues. £»**** «£
(sixteen and a half months since the passage
of the act there have been organ! zed in the
United States 6S5 national , ba « klng « 3 f||? C oW
tions with an aggregate capital of J34.267.00O.
accompanied by a bond deposit »SSI£f*"£f
$10,006,200. Of these banks 157 were o«"} lJ J?J
with a capital of less than -$-0,000. the total
amounting to $11,882,000. tind 208 £ it n h _ a un ta & 1 .
tal of $50,000 or over, the aggregate am ° un iP£
to $22,385,000. Included in the total number
of organizations are ninety-two banks ™tn
capitals of $5,920,000 which were conversions of
Stato institutions, sixty-three of which were
capitalized for less than $50,000 and twenty
five for $50,000 or over. • m .
Viewed from a geographical standpoint, the
Middle States lead in the total »> U £ I^*!'. O^,?£
ganizations. namely 214. of which Io4 were
with capital of less than $30,000 and sixty witti
capital of $50,000 or more. The aggregate capi
tal stock of the banks organized In this section
was $11,580,000.' » v
In the Southern States 159 banks were organ
ized, with an aggregate capital of $8,4o3,pou.
103 of which were of the small class and fifty- ;
six of the larger. ;
The next greatest number of organization?
occurred In the Western States, namely 13a.
with - aggregate capital of $4,385,000; 113 of
these banks were of the smaller clas3 and
twenty-two of the larger. ~ '
In the Kastern States 123 banks with capi
tal of $7,114,000 were organized, of which sev
enty were with capital of less than $50,000 and
fifty-five with capital of $50,CO0 or more.
In the Pacific States, including Hawaii,
there were twenty-two organized •with an ag
gregate capital of $1,635,000. Of this number
twelve were of the smaller class and nine were
with capital of $50,000 or more.
¦ The smallest number of organizations in our
geographical division was in the New England
States, namely 10. ,with,a capital of $1,100,000.
Four of the number were ot the smaller class !
and six had a capital of $50,000 or over.
On March 14, 1900, there were in operation
3617 banks with a capital of $616,308,095; bonds
on deposit to secure circulation t244.611.570: dr-,
culatlon secured by bonds, $216,274,795: bonds
secured by lawful money deposited by banks
placed in voluntary liquidation in the charge
of receivers, and i those reducing circulation,
$38,027,013.
On July 31 the number of banks had In
creased to 4217; capital to $659,556,695; bonds on
deposit to secure circulation to $219,346,430; cir
culation. secured by bonds to $327,039,373. and
circulation secured by lawful money. J29.113.530.
The net Increase in the number of banks,
capital, etc. during this period was as fol
lows: -Number of banks, 600; capital stock."
$43,24S,6?0; bonds deposited to secure circula
tion, $84,736,860: circuiation secured by bonds
and by lawful money. $101,750,173.
Of the aggregate amount of bonds deposited
as security for circulation. $329,348,430. a trifle
over 96 per cent— i. e.. $316,025,150— are 2 per
cent of the Issue of 1930.
The circulation of the National Banking As
sociation reached the maximum on October 23,
1S82. namely, $363,400,602. which was $6,240,699
higher than the amount outsanding on July
31, 190L '
Miguel Malvar Arraigns the
Americans . and . Accuses
Filipinos of Treachery.
Comptroller of Currency Tells
of the Many Millions of
Capital in the Business.
HENRT X.McCOT, general secre
tary of the Young Men's Chris-,
tian Association,, was tendered a
reception and concert last evening
at the of the organiza
tion. Mason and Ellis streets.
The completion of twenty years' service
by Mr. McCoy and his return, from the
East with his bride were celebrated joint
ly by the legion of associates of the pop-;
ular general secretary.
The main auditorium of the building
was tastefully decorated with flags, bunt
ing and potted flowers, and from 8 p. m. ;
until midnight thousands of the -friends of ;
Mr. and Mrs. McCoy were entertained In'
the commodious headquarters of the
Young Men's Christian Association.
The concert and reception were under
the management Njf the board of man
agers and the Ladies' Auxiliary, the com
mittee of arrangements consisting of C.
Fight in Iowa 'for the
Nomination for Gov
ernor.
Aguinaldo's. Successor
Has Issued a Peculiar
Proclamation.
Review of the National
Financial Institutions.
by Dawes.
CUMMINS MEM
CLAIM CONTROL
MAKES CHARGES
OF ATROCITIES
MIDDLE STATES
LEAD IN BANKS
YOUNG MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
HONORS SECRETARY HENRY J. McCOY
Completion of Twenty Years of Service Is Celebrated by Host of
Friends of the Popular Official, Whose. Devotion to Work Is
Lauded by Prominent" Speakers at Reception and Concert*
SMALL BOY SETS
FIRE TO A HALL
Kansas City Exposition
? -Building Burns to
the Ground.
Blaze Starts in Rubbish and
Quickly Gets Beyond
Control.
KANSAS dry, Aug. 5.— The exposition
building erected during the boom of 1887
at a -cost of over $200,000 was destroyed
by fire in less than two hours' time this
afternoon. The fire started shortly after
1 o'clock within ten feet of where Patrick
Gilmore stood when he directed his
famous band at the exercises dedicating
the building fourteen years ago.* A boy'
among a crowd which had gathered to
watch a large circus that had pitched its
tents across the street set fire, in a spirit
of mischief, to\some loose rubbish lying
on the floor. In a moment the flame
leaped beyond control, spreading almost
instantly throughout the whole building,
which occupied a half-block square. No
effort was made to save the building.
The exposition building was situated at
Twelfth street and Kansas avenue, three
miles from the center of the city. It had
not been occupied for ten years. Recently
a syndicate planned to raze it to make
way for modern buildings. The loss 13
nominal.
Rifled Trunks Found Near Graves.
WICHITA. Kans.. Aug. 5.— A dispatch
to the Eagle from Marlow. I. T., says that
two newly made graves have been found
in the Klowa, Comanche and Apache
country, fifteen miles west of Duncan,
and near them some rifled trunks and
boxes. Deputy United States Marshal
Thomas has left Fort Sill for the acena
to make an investigation.
Local Company Gets the Contract.
SALT LAKE, Utah. Aug. 5.— The board
of public works tc-day awarded to the
Alcatraz Asphalt and Paving Company cf
San Francisco, on its bid of $140,280. tlw
contract for paving certain streets of this
city.
-.-.-¦- ¦ ¦ . - .- . ¦ ¦ ¦ -"¦¦¦•.¦..-;-,.-.--¦¦--¦¦¦,-..-.. ¦ -- . ¦ . \ . - -
THE SAST FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 6, 1901.
2
A. Maydwell, A. S. Johnson, C. B. Per
kins, C, W. Pike and James Horsburgh Jr.
The concert in the auditorium com
menced at 8 p. m., aad every seat in the
big place was filled. An excellent pro
gramme was rendered and brief addresses
werardelivered by A. B. Forbes. Rev. John
Hemphill, Rev. F. W. Clampett and the
presiding officer, C. "W. Pike.
All the speakers dwelt upon the devotion
to Christian work shown by Secretary
McCoy, who was eulogized for his unself
ishness and constant readiness to extend
a helping hand to the young men of the
city. Many instances of the kindness of
the secretary were cited by the speakers
and all hoped that the association might
long enjoy the untiring efforts of its
genial and popular secretary.
A short reply was delivered by Secre
tary McCoy, who extended his heartfelt
thanks to the speakers of the evening and
to every member of the association.
The concert rendered during the even
ing was presented by Hynes' orchestra,
the Knickerbocker quartet, Mrs. Isella
Van Pelt Mills, J. Casad, Miss Helen Kel
leher.-William Ogilvie, L. Burris and H.'
L. Todd.
After the concert Mr. and Mrs. McCoy
received their friends and the visitors in
the handsome parlors of the building.
They were assisted at the reception by the
ladles of the auxiliary. During the recep
tion music was discoursed by the orches
tra and light refreshments were served.
"..X- L
TRTjCKEE. Aug. 5. — Joe Lewis, aged 16^
years, and Earl McGlashan, aged 13. haX
an excitlns experience with a family of
bears this evening near Deer Creek, eight
miles from Truekee. The boj'swere hunt-
Ing deer and -were following a wounded
buck when they suddenly came upon a
bear and three cubs. They fired one shot
at the old bear at a distance of less than
forty yards, and -wounded her so severely
that she forsook her cubs and took to the
brush. Each boy killed a cub, and to
gether they -wounded the other cub so
badly that it fell down several times
¦while following the mother into the
brush. Uarkness coming on the boys car
ried the dead cubs Into town, and will re
turn in the morning to look for the
wounded bears. The cubs weigh forty
pounds each.
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Most Hair Preparations 'Are Merely
. Scalp Irritants of Ho Value.
Most hair preparations are merely scalp
irritants, miscalled hair tonics. When
hair Is brittle, lusterless and begins to fall
out the- dandruff germ is '. getting in its
deadly work at the root, sapping the'vi-
tality. Since science discovered that dan-
druff is a germ disease there has been
only one. preparation put on the market
that will ' actually destroy ' the dandruff
germ, and that is Newbro's Herpicide. It
allays itching instantly,, destroys 'the
germ, and the falling hair stops and hair
grows luxuriantly. Ask your druggist for
Herpicide. It > allays itching instantly;
makes hair grow.
MISCAXIiED "HAIR TONICS."
13 B XUSm V I 9 Si %^£sj|
LEAOING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE WEST.
24 Post et., San Francisco, Cal.
Established Nearly 40 years. Open Entire Tear.
"Write for 80-page catalogue (tree).
COGSWELL
Polytechnic College
Corner Twenty-sixth and Folaom streets.
SAN FRANCISCO.
Courses of Study to fit younr men for
positions as
CARPENTERS. PATTERN MAKERS.
FOUNDRYMEN. MACHINISTS, DRAUGHTS-
MEN, SURVEYORS AND STEAM
ENGINEERS.
' Open to any graduate of the grammar
schools or equivalent course.
A ONE-YEAR BUSINESS COURSE,
WITH STENOGRAPHY AND TYPEWRITING
For young: men and women over IS years of age.
MUSIC COURSES. PIANO AND VOICE.
DOMESTIC SCIENCE COURSES,
With Instruction in <t
EEWTNO. COOKERY. DRESSMAKING.
MILLINERY. HOME NURSING-.
INVALID COOKERY. ETC - / .
NORMAL COURSES, —
To Prepare Students as
TEACHERS OF DOMESTIC SCIENCES AND
MANUAL TRAINING.
NO TUITION, except a fee of ITr» Dollar*
per half year to cover cost of materials i and
breakages.
TERM OPENS JTTLY 23. 1901.
Office now open for applications. Srod tor
Catalogue.
BARTON CRUIKSHANK. M. S..' Pr*aidsnt.
ST. GERTRUDE'S ACADEMY FOR
YOUNG LA DIRS.
Conducted by the Sisters of Mercy, opens Aug.
5. 1301. Full Academic Course of studies. Spe-
cial Normal Class for preparing Teachers.
Grammar and lower classes graded on Stato
Schools. Modern bulletins: steam heated:
lighted by gas; large exercise grounds; loca-
tion tinsurpasaed for health. Communication
by several lines of rteamtw.
A-ddress MOTHER SUPERIOR. Rio Vlata. Cal.
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY.
CONFERS DEGREES AND GRANTS Di-
plomas; seminary course accredited to tits
Universities; rare opportunities offered la ma.
>ie. art and elocution: thirty-sixth year: fall
term opens Aug. 7. 1901. Writs for catalocu*
to MRS. C. T. MILLS. Pres.. Mills CoUec*
P. P.. CaL -.
HAMLIN SCHOOL and VAN NESS SEMINARY
1849 JACKSON STRFET,
San Francisco, Cal.
Boarding School for Girls. . Accredited by
universities of California and Leland Staafosd
Jr.. also Vassar. Smith and Wellesley colleges.
Reopens -August 12. 1901.
SARAH P. HAMLIN. Principal.
UNIVERSITY SOHOOL.
1615 Bush otreet (West of Franklin)
PRINCIPAL, GEORGE BATES. MA.
Primary Dep't.. MISS MARIE McDONNELL.
Is intended to- furnish the best preparation
for the universities or for business to a limit-
ed number of pupils. Opens MONDAY. Aug. 8.
For circulars, etc.. address 904 Van Ness ave.
SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COLLEGE,
1236 Market street.
Actual business bookkeeping; only expert ac-
countants and reporters as teachers; Grejr-?
shorthand, .the easiest, fastest and most read-
able. Day and evening. FULL COURSE. $60.
ST. MARY'S COLLEGE,
OAKliAND. CAU
Studies will be resumed MONDAY. August
5. 1901. BRO. ERMINCLD. President.
THE LYCEUM,
AN ACCREDITED PREPARATORY SCHOOL
for the university, law and medical colleges:
references. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor. Phelan Building*. '
THE HITCHCOCK SCHOOL,
SAN RAFAEL, CAL.
Xmas Term Will Commence Aocnst 11
Major Geo. C. Collins. Commandant.
BEV. C. HITCHCOCK. Principal.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Boarding and day school for girls. 2128 Cali-
fornia st. Accredited to the universities. TIM
next session will begin Aug. 5. For illustrated
catalogue address the principal. .* -
REV. EDWARD B. CHURCH. A. M.
ST. MATTHEW'S MILITARY SCHOOL,
SAN MATEO. CAL. The next term win begin
August IS. 1901. For catalogue and illustrated
circular address Rev. WILLIAM A. BREWER.
A. B.. Rector and Head Master.
MISS JV1. G. BARRETT'S
SHORTHAND ACADEMY,
S02 Montgomery stl. San Francisco. CaL •
Lessons personally or by mail. Acknowledged by
official reporters, "best teachers, beat system,'
JlfflflBDEBt!ijJ£iXIEBjG?ll 11 llll'HnfjlMi! w*tt* : v ~ ¦•« ¦ ' -'COLLIER TELLUS AT DOCK ALONGSIDE THE BUNKERS, READY FOR THE WORK OP DISCHARGING CARGO
TO COMMENCE". AND A GROUP OF WATERFRONT LABORERS AT THE NOON. HOUR TESTERD AY, THE
BUSIEST DAY SINCE THE BEGINNING OF THE STRIKE. ,
For every humorist there is In the world
there are at least a thousand women who
are unable to appreciate his Jokes.
Teamsters Make Protest.
The: Brotherhood *of Teamsters /held
a meeting last night at -the San Francis
co Athletic Club's hall for the purpose of
considering . the •' latest .developments of
the strike. Routine > business ¦ waa
transacted, and ¦ a v protest l against allow
ing non-union teamsters when" accom
panied by policemen' to drive their trucks
and .wagons upon ; Van : Ness ¦ avenue . ¦was
drawn up. ; The protest will be presented
to the Mayor' to-day.
In accordance with the permission
granted by the Secretary of the Treasury
Special Deputy Collector Hamilton has
notified fifteen applicants of their appoint
ment as customs inspectors . for thirty
days at a per diem of $3. | The names were
taken without discrimination as they ap
pear at the head of, the civil service eli
gible list." The names are as follows: :
Henry Clay Hall. P. E. Allen, Emmett Breed
ing. Henry F. , Schllemann, T. J. Crane, ;B. M.
Coffey, G. M. Brown,. H. F. Hopper, v C. M.
Keeler, "WV' H. Coleman, J. B. Cowden. W." E.
Bacon, R. A. Miller, Edgar F. Zumwalt and
"W. E. Conner. .
These appointees will be assigned to the
regular duties of cuetoms inspectors, and
they will relieve fifteen regular and-uni
formed Inspectors. : who will be detailed
to guard teamsters" . engaged } in hauling
bonded goods.
NEW CUSTOMS INSPECTORS.
dustry Almost Completely.
Longshoremen Tie Up . Shipping In-
OAKLAND, Aug. 5.— Shipping business
Is at a standstill. The longshoremen's
union has established a .tie-up all along
the^llne,. and In only two cases have ves
sel handlers been able to move cargoes. -
Police details were furnished to-day at
the Howard Companyls docks, where the
steamer "Aconcagua" is loading coal, and
at the Adams wharves, where a non-union
crew went to work this morning to dis
charge lumber from, the steamer Man
dalay. ' "• . : t ¦•..'.. '¦-
Delegations .from the sailors' union, of
San I Francisco tried . to board the vessel
this morning, but were prevented by the
police, . who were under orders to check
any attempt at . molestation of the gang
that was at work on the steamer." •"'¦
: The ship Highland Light is at' the How
ard Company^ docks with a cargo of
coal, but no men have as yet been put
to , work onthat vessel. At the Pacific
Coast -Company's • bunkers . on ¦ Adams
wharves", the steamer Australian is
moored.: The company's agents notified
the police that. they would commence dis
charging, this afternoon, but no men ap
peared.to be put to work. . ' [.'
The schooner Laura Pike and the steam
schooner North Fprk, from which a por
tion; of .the.. cargo., had.; been discharged
when the union. longshoremen' were called
off on, Friday, were untouched to-day. • [
-The Brotherhood -of '. Teamsters- has
called out union teamsters from the How
ard Company and the Pacific Coast Com
pany, and threatens to order out. all union
lumber -teamsters if the employers make
any, attempt- to , discharge cargoes from
vessels whose crews are on strike. -
y Up-river, steamers, fruit laden 'for the
San, Francisco canneries." are being: sent
to this city/, their cargoes »" loaded onto
the cars direct 'and? then : shipped ;acrosa
the bay to the canneries.,: The -Haywarda
cannery received 3500, boxes of pears ; to-'
Union Adopts Resolution Declaring
Against TTse of I*iquor.
At a largely attended meeting the Pile
Drivers' and Bridge Builders' Union "held
yesterday afternoon a resolution was
unanimously adopted declaring that the
sense of the union was for total absti
nence during the continuance of the
strike. The passage of the resolution was
greeted with hearty cheers.
The men realize that the strike Is likely
to" prove a prolonged affair and that to
win it they must husband their resources.
Leaders of the movement at the meeting
yesterday spoke of the benefits that would
accrue "to the' members of the union
through their evincing, a desire to shun
the saloons, not only in a monetary sense
but through the fact that by shunning
liquor they would remove themselves from
all danger of hazarding the success of
the strike by the violence which intoxi
cated men are likely, to indulge In. Ef
forts will be made to secure co-operation
of the other unions in the movement. /
FIGHTING THE BOYCOTT.
Issues a Circular.
Beer-Bottlers' ' Protective Association
The Pacific Coast Beer-Bottlers' Pro
tective Association has prepared a circu
lar for distribution , among patrons,' an
nouncing that the association will protect
John Rapp &. Son against the boycott by
keeplng hands oft the trade of that lirm.
The circular continues:
- Our action in this matter may not meet
with the approval of all, but thooewho are
in a position to know the facts, certainly would
be with us if properly informed. We have been
refused the privilege of hiring our own men.
Our members have been compelled under threat
of ' strike and boycott to reinstate discharged
employes. I without . the privilege of arbitration,
upon which clause the union makes its great
boast. In spite of the. fact that the union had
an agreement with us for one year regulating
hours and wages, they disregarded this agree
ment and made new demands of Increased
wages and shorter hours before the agreement
then in force had expired, to which demands
we submitted, r '¦"-.' " '.."¦¦¦ :: ¦¦>¦
We have been told not to give our horses
to a certain blacksmith to shoe, and In all of
these instances we have submitted to the de
mands of the union in order 'to avoid com
plications. New difficulties arose from . day
to day. and in all instances arbitration was
refused. Our employes have received all that
they asked for. in wages and hours without
opposition,- but .the dictation from/ outside
sources became unbearable, and . the last
straw came when," without a. moment's no
tice, the men were: called out of -one of-our
member's establishments because said mem
ber received goods on a .truck with police pro
tection;' • ; . ¦
Will Stand Firm, for Increase From
S3 to $3 50 a Bay.
OAKLAND, Aug. 5.— The striking
painters of Oakland did not secure their
increase in wages and there are Indica
tions of a prolonged struggle. The master
painters to-night refused to grant the
increase of wages demanded and the men
who struck this morning have . decided
that they v.-ill stay out until their" union
has an opportunity to meet and consider
the situation.
The painters submitted to the employers
a wage scale which fixed the minimum
day's waeres at $3 50 instead of $3, as at
present. The employers refused the In
crease and .this morning 300 painters,
paper hangers and decorators left their
work. As the demand for the Increase in
wages was not a new one the employers
were. In a large measure, prepared for the
strike. Contracts of»large size and with
time limitations were all refused. The
employers waited to see whether the men
would make good their threat of walking
out, and when 'they did it was thought
that the result in Oakland would go with
the result of the same demand in San
Francisco.'
The Master Painters' Association held a
meeting to consider the situation and
finally decided to stand by their original
refusal, and they empowered the execu
tive committee to prepare an .announce
ment for the press, which was given out
as follows:
OAKLAND. Aug. B. 1901.
The members of the Master Painters' Asso
ciation of Alameda County, at a meeting held
this evening unanimously indorsed the action
taken. at a former meeting not to grant the
demand of the painters' union for an increase
of wages to the minimum of {3 50 per day.
L. ,X. COBBLEDICK, Secretary.
The members of the executive commit
tee are: President.' James Cahlll: secre
tary, L.. N. .Cobbledick; E. C. Thurber,
John Donovan and C. L. Metzger. There
were present about forty of the members
of the association. .
In speaking of the stand taken by the
master painters. Secretary Cobbledick
said: "We have decided to stand to
gether as one man. We are unanimous
in the stand taken and will not grant the
demands of the journeymen painters un
der- any 'circumstances'. Non-union men
are now . applying for work, and in a
week's time we expect to have all of the
places vacated by the union men filled.
The San Francisco association Is standing
with us in the matter and we have no
fear of the outcome. This strike is -in
augurated principally by the poorer ¦work
men, .who were not being paid $3 50 a day
The result is that the good workmen have
been drawn into the strike to assist the
others." . - •
President : R. P. Poorman of the Jour
neymen Painters'. Union said: "We met
this evening and indorsed the stand we
took two months ago. "We will not recede
from our demands for a wage of $3 50 a
day. "We will meet again Thursday even
ing and may . take some further action
in the matter, but I- am not prepared to
say what that action will be." •
OAKLAND PAINTERS OUT.
MATOR PHELAN failed to get a
conference of the board of di
rectors of the Employers' Asso
ciation yesterday. M. F. Mich
ael, attorney for the associa
tion, had gone out of the city, and re
sponses were not obtained to requests
made to Individual directors that they be
present.
At 11:30 a. m. the Mayor met a number
of merchants in his office, among whom
were Raphael Welll and A. M. Davis. All
but one of them disavowed any connec
tion with the Employer!*' Association.
These men decided against asking for an
other meeting of the Employers' Associa
tion, and at 3 o'clock Mayor Phelan sub
ml£ted Attorney Michael's letter of August
2 to the labor leaders.
The Mayor gave out the following state
ment late In the afternoon:
The situation is as follows: The City Front
Federation, of which the Teamsters' Brother
hood Is a part, proposed the following basis
for the re-establishment of peace:
City Front Federation,
Southwest corner East and Mission Streets.
SAX FRANCISCO. Cal., July 31, 190L ,--
Hon. James D. Phelan, Mayor, San Fran
cisco Cal. — Sir: As per your request, the
City Front Federation hereby submits the
following propositions as a basis for the
re-establishment of peace: The Employ
ers' agrees that its members
•will not discriminate against any employer ¦
or labor because such employer chooses to ,
employ union men only.
' The Employers' Association agrees-that
its members will not discriminate against
any employe because he chooses, for reasons
sufficient to himself, to be a member of a
labor organization.
The Employers' Association agrees that
all employes who are locked . out or who
have quit work on account of the exist
ing difficulty shall be reinstated. Labor
organizations agree that any member who
is employed shall, while in such employ,
obey any orders given . to him concerning
the work to be performed." Whenever any
difficulties arise between employers and em
ployes no strike or lockout shall be insti
tuted until the parties in interest shall
have done all in their power to adjust such
difficulties.
JOHN KEAN, Acting. President.
• By order of the City Front Federation.
THOMAS WESTOHY, Rec. Secretary.
Adopted July 30, 1901.
Attorney Michael's Letter.
The Employers' Association last Friday
PILE 1 DRIVERS WILL ABSTAIN.
evening, through its executive committee, made
the following counter preposition:
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 2, 190L
Hon. James D. Phelan, New City' Hall,
San Francisco — Dear Sir: Your communica
tion of August 1, 1901. with reference to the
present differences between the members
of the Draymen's Assoclatlon'andthe mem
bers of the Brotherhood of .Teamsters ha^
been submitted by me to the executive com
mittee of .the Kmployers 1 Association. ' In
pursuance of your request for a reply, the
Employers' Association instructs me to ex
press its attitude concisely as follows:
The Employers' Association Is willing to
recommend to the members of the Dray
men's Association that they fill all present
and future vacant positions In -their ser
vice by such persons as may apply, for
work. Irrespective of .whether the applicant
belongs to a union or not, upon the follow
ing terms:
First — That the employe will obey all law
ful orders of his employer.
Second— That the employe will not, direct
ly or Indirectly, attempt to compel a« fel
low employe, against his free will, to join
a labor union, nor to compel his employer
to employ none but union men. .¦¦•¦•
Third— That the employe will not, directly
or indirectly, engage In or support any sym
pathetic strike or boycott. _ *
I am Instructed to define the attitude of
the Employers' Association with regard to'
• unionism, as follows: .
First — The association recognizes the right
of labor to organize to ameliorate Its con
dition.
Second — The association has not In the
matter of employment discriminated in
favor of or against union men, and has no
intention of doing so.
Third— With regard to the adjustment of
differences between employer and employe,'
this association has made It clear in Its
previous correspondence with you that the
settlement of all such- differences must be .
left to the employer and own employes,
' without Interference from the officers or
members of any labor organization.
Fourth — It has been -the practice of this
. association not to discriminate against any
employer of lp.bor solely because he has in ,
hie employ none but union men, and it. is
not the intention of this association to de
part from that practtce. Yours truly,
M. F. MICHAEL.
Labor Leaders' Objection. .
The representatives of the Federation took
exception to several points and on. Saturday I
asked the Board of Directors of the Employers'
Association to consider the objections, inas
much as the letter h*ad come from their execu
tive committee, with a view of modifying or
explaining some of the terms. . I made an
explanation, and while the board of directors
refused to modify the language they explained
its meaning. There was no serious objection to
the first and second conditions of re-employ
ment; but the third was objected to by the
representatives of the federation on the ground
that it was a- legal right of the employe to
engage In a sympathetic strike or boycott. The
employers answered that If It is a legal right
it can be exercised, and they bo desired me to
explain to the labor leaders. •
The Employers' Association disavow any
intention td sympathetically boycott any
employer of union labor by refusing to sell him
goods. This they state in their fourth para
graph defining the attitude of their association
with regard to unionism and is a concession
to the federat.on. The employers also yield
their original Intention of employing none but
non-union men and concede the right of their
men to form organizations.
I delivered the letter 'to-day to Messrs. Furu-
Sfcth and Casey, at a conference at which City
Attorney Lane and P. II. McCarthy, president
of the Building Trades Council, were present,
explaining these several matters -as I received
them from the Employers' Association, and
they were to report the letter to their,feder
ation this evcnlns.
End of Negotiations.
This morning I conferred with-, representa
tives of business Interests and explained the
situation. There were present gentlemen repre
senting the shipping Interests, the commercial
Interests and the retail trade,- and the Munici
pal League, as well as a representative of the
Employers' Association, who was not present,
however,' in that capacity. The. only point
argued was the • advisability of - asking the
Kmployers' Association to meet again to strike
out their third condition of re-employment,
namely, that the employe will not engage in a
sympathetic strike or boycott, on the ground
that It wa3 a legal I right of the employe and
that such a modification might serve to pro
mote peace; but as the employers had agreed
not to sympathetically boycott employers oC
union labor by refusing to sell them goods, it
waa considered 1 , that that was an offset and that
such an agreement at any rate had no legal
force or effect. .. There was, nothing that could
prevent a man from leaving his employment,
with or without . a grievance. ,
Th^ negotiations have resulted in giving to
both sides a. better understanding of their re
spective demands and allowing them to coolly
deliberate and agree to respect each other's
rights. ¦
SITUATION IN OAKLAND.
If each aide did not get all It desired, what
ever concessions have been made should, I be
lieve, be accepted in the right spirit and
industrial peace be restored. These negoti
ations, with the delivery of the letter, seem
to -be at an end. I requested the leaders to
Impress upon their men that It is the serious
business of the municipality to keep order and
to see that order is maintained.
. '-", JAMES D. PHELAN.
THE number of men working* on
the water front since the com
mencement of the strike was
doubled yesterday, but the same
congestion of traffic still exists.
On every. wharf along the*front there was
a gang of men at work, and the large
number of Idle men in evidence on every
block of East street was the only visible
evidence of the mighty struggle between
labor and capital that is in progress in
this city. '
Among the men who are able to Judge
of the progress made by crews in handling
cargoes, however, there is a feeling -that
the strikers have succeeded in making
great strides toward a general tie-up of
the shipping. Vessels that were scheduled
to leave days ago succeed In getting out
of the harbor, but they leave several days
behind time and with their* holds only half
filled.
Vessels that entered the harbor loaded
to the gunwales with freight and that
were due to leave port within two or
three days after their arrival have been
unable to get away,, owing to the fact
that, though plenty of men are obtainable
to handle freight, these men cannot dis
charge or load a vessel in the time al
lowed them.
With freight coming from the holds of
vessels and load after load arriving hour
ly from the wholesale houses, the ship
owners are greatly handicapped, but they
have succeeded in accomplishing a won
derful lot of work. At the wharves of the
various steamship companies "bunk
ships," or floating boarding houses, have
been established, where non-union bands
are boarded and lodged. The first few
days of the strike the men who took the
places of the union men were allowed to
board and room where they pleased, but
the strikers' pickets were so vigilant that
they stoppec^the men on their way to and
from work and won many of them from
their employers. The number of men who
reported for work every morning- was be
ing gradually reduced, until the. shipping
men gained a knowledge of the tactics
being pursued by the strikers. Since the
establishment of the floating boarding
houses on the front there has been little
accomplished by the strikers in securing
recruits.
Floating Boarding-Houses.
The steamer Colon is being used by the
Pacific Mail Steamship Company as a
boarding and lodging place for the hands
employed on the Mail dock. The company
has 250 men quartered on the vessel. Ar
rangements have been made whereby the
wives, sons or daughters of the men who
are employed can draw their wages, thu3
relieving them of any need they, might
have to leave the scene_of their labors.
The firms of Ben..ett & Goodall, Eschen
& Minor and Thomas Young & Co. have
chartered the Ohio and will quarter all
the men they hire to take the places of
the strikers on the vessel. Cooks and wait
ers have been hired and arrangements
have been completed to furnish accommo
dations for more than 500 men. The Ohio
will be anchored In Mission Bay and the
men will be taken back and forth in tugs
to the wharves where they are to work.
In consequence of this move on the part
of the ship owners and boss freight hand
lers the force of pickets employed by the
unions has been greatly increased. Mem
bers of the unions patrol the bay in all
sorts of craft and. they lose no opportunity
to approach the vessels on which the men
are living and make every endeavor to
win them over to the cause of unionism.
The work of discharging the cargo of
the collier Tellus was commenced yester
day shortly after noon at Folsom-street
dock No. 2, where the Dunsmulr bunkers
are located. A gang of twelve negroes at
tempted the task of emptying the im
mense holds of the vessel, but as they
were all green hands they made slow
progress.
The experienced longshoremen work in
the holds of a vessel totally unmindful
of the Iron buckets, each containing a ton
day by the river steamer/ Sonoma. The
fruit was reshiDped in cars from Adams
wharves.
There has been no disturbance, either
on the water front or among the team
sters. The few non-union drivers who are
working are unguarded, and there ¦ has
been no attempt to" molest them. The
police report no trouble on. the harbor,
the sailors' union delegates making no ef
fort to resist the guard that has been
placed on the Adams docks. The situation
on this side of the bay is controlled
by the movement cf affairs in San Fran
cisco, and the unions interested look to\
the headquarters across the bay for direc
tion concerning their future action..
There were a number of patients treated
at the Harbor Emergency Hospital yes
terday, but there were no serious cases,
most of the injured being non-union
stevedores hurt through their lack of
knowledge of the way to handle freight.
The force of clerks employed by A. M.
Simpson were on hand bright and early
yesterday morning to unload the steam'
schooner Signal. The schooner Gotama
was pulled alongside the lumber vessel
and arrangements were made to transfar
the cargo to her. .The first sling of timbers
had hardly been passed over the sMe.
however, when the captain and' mate of
the Gotama put on their coats and re
fused to handle any more of the cargo.
At the transport dock the loading of th-e
Meade continues. The Government offl
clals had considerable doubt as to their
ability to get the transport ready for sea
by the loth and had made arrangements
to replace her for the trip with the War
ren, which is expected in dally. So much
work was accomplished yesterday, how
ever, that the latter plan was abandoned.
The arrivals yesterday were th* City of
Puebla. the Milton and the Coronado.
The crew of each of these vessels quit
as soon as the ships reached the wharves.
The firemen on the City of Puebla did cot
go out as the order issued by the City
Front Federation does not affect the ves
sels of the Pacific Coast Steamship Com
pany.
The Pomona, which was scheduled to
sail for Eureka yesterday at 2 p. m., did
not get away until after 5. She was not
fully loaded when she pulled away - from
the dock. She was the only vessel to clear
during the day.
Pomona Alone Gets to Sea.
There was more fruit landed at the
Jackson street wharf yesterday than was
landed on any two days since the incep
tion of the strike. There seemed to be
little difficulty encountered In securing
teams to haul it to the commission houses
and consumers.
At the Oceanic dock there are fifty men
employed on the steamships Australia and
Mariposa. The Australia will be ready
to sail on Wednesday and it i3 expected
that the Mariposa will be ready for sea
when her sailing date arrives.
The collier Titania which arrived yes
terday will be moved to Rosenf eld's coal
bunkers at the foot of Mission street this
morning, where the work -of discharging
her cargo will be commenced. The col
lier Milton is anchored in the stream tnd
men are engaged in transferring her cargo
into the'hulk Germania. The coal on the
Bristol is being taken out of the vessel
and put in the bunkers at the sugar re
finery. . '
The work of coaling the Chilean mail
steamer Aconcagua is progressing rapidly
at the Oakland wharf. She is also bein?
loaded with wheat at the same time. She
will probably be brought to this side of
the bay this afternoon. She will dock at
Howard street pier No. 3, to which
freight for her is being hauled.
At the dock of the Oregon Railway and
Navigation Company the steamers Colum
bia and George W. Klder are being load
ed. It is expected that the first name.1
vessel will be ready to sail to-day. The
100 men who are handling the freight
destined for these vessels are living and
sleeping on the dock and extreme pre
cautions are being taken to prevent the
strikers or their sympathizers from ap
proaching them.
Australia to Sail "Wednesday.
of coal, suspended over their heads. With
the negroes It Is different. Thev stop
working every time a bucketfulf of coal
Is hoisted from the hold in which they
are working. The principal trouble which
embarrasses the coal people is the fail
ure to get men to handle the steam
winches. For several days past they have
had men practicing on the windlasses so
as to enable them to work a larger force
of men. There is another gang of men
ready to go to work on the cargo of the
Tellus as soon as a man can be trained
to handle the steam hoisting gear.
Large Gangs at Work on Docks and Aboard
Vessels— Lack, of Skill Retards Slightly
the Discharge and Loading of Cargoes
WATER FRONT A SCENE
OF GREATER ACTIVITY
FIVE HUNDRED MEN WILL
JOIN ARMY OF STRIKERS
Mayor's Byplay Comes to Naught and the
First Move Is Made in Renewed Figtit to
Enforce Fuller Recognition of Unions
the union if w© would remit his unpaid
dues and get him a position.
"Caiish did not make the statements
attributed to him by Doan. He did not
say the pickets were his. I was present
at that little encounter Sunday morning
and I know that Caiish made no such as
sertions. Caiish had nothing to do with
placing the pickets. It was the executive
board of the Barbers' Union that took
that action, and Caiish Is not even a mem
ber of the board."
PAINTERS LEAVE WORK.
Andrew Furuseth, secretary of the Sail
ore' Union of the Pacific, said last night
that for the present at least the strike
•would not be extended beyond San Fran
cisco and San Francisco Bay.
"While we are conducting a merely local
fight," Mr. Furuseth said, "we do not in
tend to extend it to other ports. That
will only be done when necessity compels
it. For the present no reason exists for
such a step. The fight is on in real
earnest. We have gone into this fight
to win, and we shall win it. too. So far
as the City Front Federation is con
cerned the unions affiliated therewith are
in a position to stand a siege of two
months without serious difficulty. We
were hoping a prolongation of the strike
might have been averted, but through the
obstinacy of the Employers' Association,
which is determined to do all in its power
to kill the labor organizations in this city,
business will get another setback far
more serious than may at this time be
imagined, i ?Ye ask but for little, but that
little, affecting as it does the principles
of organized labor, was denied us. We did
not ask anything- the employers might not
have freely granted without loss of dig
nity, but our r<?qu€st was met with scorn.
The workingmtn of »this city will not be
responsible for what the future may give
birth to."
Emploj'ers who were informed last night
of the action of the Labor Council com
mittee were surprised that no bolder
move was made. It was pointed out that
while the strike of the sand teamsters
would doubtless hamper the building In
dustries the weapon was not particularly
dangerous, since the building trades un
ions are not affiliated with the Labor
Council, and there is no probability of a
sympathetic strike extending to them. In
other -words, if the contractors are able to
pet sand and cement hauled In spite of the
strike of the sand teamsters the carpen
ters, brick masons, etc., will not strike
because non-union men are hauling the
material-
Resolved, That we submit the communica
tion to the public press in order that the peo
ple may see the Justice of our cause.
Resolved, That we eee in this communication
no basis upon which a settlement of the pres
ent difficulty may be had. And be it further
"WTiereas, the Employers' Association in a
communication dated August 2, and which was
submitted to us thi* day by Mayor Phelan,
Insists upon malntalnine the previous atti
tude cf the association of discriminating:
ap&lnst employers who employ union labor
only, and also discriminates against work
men wbo choose to b* members of labor or
caaizatiens, therefore be it
Mayor Phelan's opportunity Is gone,
and neither industrial peace nor rehabil
itation of his own political fortunes will
result from his efforts at mediation. The
only conference he secured yesterday
went up Into the air, negotiations were
ended, and the labor leaders went back
to their headquarters to take the first
steps of their plans for the prosecution
of the campaign.
The calling out of the sand teamsters
was the single move made by the Labor
Council. The executive board of the City
Front Federation contented itself with
the adoption of resolutions, as follows:
rTf*^ HE battle Is on again between
I employes and employers. Parley
I la at an end, and to
1L morrow morning more than
500 sand teamsters will quit
work if the order of the executive
commltttee of the San Francisco Labor
Council b« obeyed. The Labor Council
has taken up the fight, true to its prom
ise, and henceforth it will be the recog
nized head of the labor side of the con
test.
SA2TD TEAMSTERS TO STRIKE.
"The executive committees of a number
of unions consulted with the executive
committee of the Labor Council with the
view of taking strike measures." ,
eociation — a letter full of premeditated in
sults and deliberate falsehoods — has been
forced to take immediate steps to defend
the rights of the workers of this city to
organize for the improvement of their con
dition. The Sand Teamsters' Union -was
requested to order its members to strike
Wednesday morning:.
At the close of the meeting last night
Secretary Rosenberg gave out the follow
ing statement:
"The executive committee of the Labor
Council, having been informed of the con
tents pf the Jetter of the Employers' As-
The sand teamsters are affiliated ¦with
the Brotherhood of Teamsters and would
have gone out with the men who drive
drays had the union not been held back
by the advice given by the labor leaders.
determined upon after a lengthy discus
sion of the strike situation. The order
affects 530 men and means that practically
all building operations going on through
out the city must cease unless non-union
teamsters can be secured to replace them.
At the meeting of the executive com
mittee of the Labor Council last night :t
was determined to order the Sand Team
sters' Union to join the ranks of the strik
ers to-morrow morning. This action was
To-Morrow Morning.
Order of Committee Goes Into Effect
SAILOES TO TAKE ACTION.
"One of the reasons why we shall not*
grant this demand is the increase in the
cost of material. Oils and leads are high
er-now than they have been for some time
and to pay our men more than they are
receiving now would mean ruin to our
business. We are backed in our determin
ation by the Master Painters' Association ¦
of Oakland."
"We have decided that the condition of
our business does not warrant the pay
ment of higher wages to brush hands. We
pay the men what they are worth, and
every member of the association has men
in his employ to whom he pays more than
$3 00 per day. Evidently the order issued
by the union does not affect these men,
for they are still at work.
E. H. Black, president of the Master
Painters' Association, said last night:
"We were informed three months ago
that an increase of the pay of painters
would be demanded by the union August
5. We appointed a committee to meet with
a committee from the painters, but the
meeting resulted unsatisfactorily. The
members of the association have met
often since then and thoroughly can
vassed the situation. As a result of our
deliberations we have determined to re
fuse to grant the demand. Our members
are under ?500 bonds to live up to the laws
of the association and so far only one
member has shown a- disposition to grant
tire increase.
Cannot Afford to Grant Demand.
Xinety-four shops have been reported
to the council as in accord with the above
mentioned request. Many shops which
are supposed to be definitely opposed to
the raise have signified their willingness
to employ men at ?3 50 per day. The
Building Trades Council, therefore, feels
confident that it is only a matter of time
until the other employing painters will
see the wisdom of doing likewise. The
council desires to state to the public that
as far as the painting industry is con
cerned, building construction in the city
will not be retarded. The Building Trades
Council desires also to announce to the
public that the Building Trades Coun
cil is the only order concerned in the
controversy and. that being true, the
public need not fear that any erratic or
overt action will be committed, but, on
the contrary, the council will conduct the
matter in its usual conservative manner,
looking only to the best interest of the
city and State.
"Reports from the pickets which were
appointed to the different shops all point
to a grand success, as far as the $3 50 per
day is concerned. Many shops which"
were considered doubtful up to this morn
ing have conceded the raise in pay and
stated that the demand made by the
Building Trades Council on the 4th of
last May in behalf of Painters' Union No.
73 was a very just one.
If the employers are organized and
united to resist the demands of their men,
the Building Trades Council, which is
handling the flgrht for the painters. Is
equally well prepared to fight the matter
to the end. At the meeting of Painters'
Union No. 73, which was held last night
at the Turk-street Temple, it was claimed
that a great number of the important
shops bed already conceded the increase
in salary. The painters look upon the flght
as already virtually won and confident
ly assert that almost all the employers
will give In this morning.
The executive committee of the Build
ing Trades Council took part in the meet
ing of the painters last night and after
the meeting was concluded P. H. Mc-
Carthy issued the following statement in
behalf of the committee:
On the other hand P. H. McCarthy of
the Building Trades Council asserts that
but 220 painters have been compelled to
quit work and that the others of the uion
are working under the new schedule.
Both Sides Are Prepared. '
In accordance with their preconcerted
plan, the members of Painters' Union No.
73 reported for work as usual yesterday
morning, but on the refusal of their em
ployers to grant their demand for an in
crease of 50 cents per day In their pay
they walked out. The demand for a raise
in wages had been made three months
ago. so both the men and the employers
were fully prepared for'the action which
was taken yesterday morning. In fact,
the employers have formed an association
for the express purpose of resisting the
demands of their men. The Building
Trades Council has taken the fight in
hand and will have the entire manage
ment of the controversy, in bo far as the
painters' . end of it is concerned. The ac
tion which both bodies have taken thus
far seems to indicate that the struggle will
not be of short duration.
The master painters appear to be
strongly organized and claim that almost
every employing painter of importance in
the city is a member of their association.
The rules of the association place a line
of jaOO on any member who shall increase
the salary of his men to $3 50 per day.
The master painteis claim that there are
between 500 and 600 painters out of em
ployment because of the strike and that
J. H. Keefe is the only boss painter of
importance who has granted the demands
of the union.
Not Permit of Higher Wages.
Employers Claim Conditions Will
PICKETS ARE. BUSY.
was the main subject of discussion at the
meeting of the Sailors' Union of the Pa
cific last night. About 500 seamen were in
attendance.
Secretary Furuseth delivered an address
In which he reviewed the steps taken by
the City Front Federation to secure a set
tlement with the Employers' Association.
He declared that everything possible was
done to secure a compromise, but the at
titude of the employers was such as to
preclude the possibility of concluding the
negotiations to the satisfaction of all con
cerned.
The union decided to submit a proposi
tion to assess all the working members of
the organization 10 per cent of their earn
ings during the pendency oi the strike.
It was also agreed to make $1000 imme
diately available to assist needy striking
longshoremen pending the arrival of the
necessary funds from the International
Longshoremen's Association.
Another resolution was adopted dircct
v ing the fcaoking committee to ¦withdraw
'SjOOO of its funds from the bank as a
strike fund, the same to be disbursed un
der the direction of the union as circum
stances may require.
The proposition of a daylight parade
was broached, but no action taken. The
intention is to organize a labor demon
stration. The matter will be brought to
the attention of the federation at an early
date.
All watchers along the water front were
directed to appear at the union head
quarters at 9 o'clock this morning for
fpecial instructions.
Union Begins Preparation for a Pro
longed. Struggle.
The failure of the peace negotiations
An army of 250 pickets is constantly in
the field. These are distributed through
out the downtown district, and every es
tablishment in which porters and packers
are employed Is watched about the -noon
hour and- the employes sounded as they go
to luncheon. In this way many converts
to .the cause are won."
the union. **
The registration of strikers at head
quarters continues at a lively rate. Th©.
1500 mark has now been passed, and it is
expected to get 290 more names before to
morrow. It is estimated that some 300
members of the union refuse to leave their
employment under any consideration.
ters and Packers.
The Porter?' , Packers' and Warehouse
men's Union added five new members to
its roll yesterday. All of these were em
ployed in downtown business houses and
until yesterday had been steadily at work.
The men were won over by the pickets of
ITon-XTnion Men Daily Join the Por-
BARBERS DKFEITD CALISH.
Five union miners— Jacob > Williamson,
John Erickson, Nat Blehlen, Mike John
ston and John Mynetti — secured search
warrants from Judge Cabaniss yesterday
afternoon to recover possession of their
blankets and personal effects, which, they
said, were being illegally detained in the
office of the Draymen's Association at 109
California street. They said they had
been engaged by an employment agent at
Los Angeles to come here to work. Noth
ing was said about the nature of the
work, aiTd when they arrived here they
were taken to the office of the Draymen's
Association, where they deposited their
blankets and other personal effects. They
are all Russian Finns and can speak very
little English. When they learned that
they were to be asked to drive teams be
cause union teamsters were out on strike
they refused to work, as they are union
miners. They were then asked to work
as longshoremen, but again refused, and
were, they said, ordered out of the office
and their blankets and other effects which
they demanded were not returned.
" 1
- r ¦
Union Men. After Their Blankets.
Members of the Barbers' Union resent
the accusations made by A, Doan of Gold
stein & Doan, the non-union barbers,
whose shop was partially wrecked Satur
day night, against J. J. Caiish, president
of the State Board of Barbers' Examin
ers. They say that his statements are
false, and they venture the prediction
that he will not prefer charges against
Caiish to the Governor.
"Doan's statement that he was driven
out of the union because of his patronage
of a non-union restaurant," said I. Less,
secretary of the Barbers' Union, yester
day. "Is utterly false, We levied no fines
Bcramst any one nor took any action on
the restaurant question. Doan was ex
pelled because he failed to pay his dues,
although he had a $20 a week job. He
fcven objected to paying 25 cents, his por
tion of a burial benefit.
"Lately Doan offered to come back into
Doan Are False.
Declare the Accusations Made by
NEGOTIATIONS END AND LABOR COUNCIL TAKES UP STRIKERS EIGHT
BY CALLING OUT SAND TEAMSTERS TO HAMPER BUILDING TRADES
THE^SAN FRANCISCO CALL,r TUESDAY, AUGUST 6, 1901.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR.MEYERS&CO.
Specialist. Disease
and weakness of
men. Established
1S8L Consultation'
and private book
free, at o£3ce or by
mall. Cures guar-
anteed. "731 Mar-
ket street (eleva-
tor ' entrance), San
Francisco. •
fttfr CANDV CATHARTIC^ °*
Genuine stamped CC.C Never told In bulfc
Beware of the dealer who tries to k0 '.
something "just as good,
There will be another car. But the man
can't wait. He chases the car and swings
on, panting and hot, but satisfied. He
keeps this gait up all day. He works that
•way, he lunched that way. He contin-
ues this until his stomach « breaks down"
and nature compels him to "go slow."
. Business men who have impaired their
digestion by hasty eating will find in
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery
a cure for dyspepsia and other diseases
of the stomach and organs of digestion
and nutrition. It does not give mere
temporary relief, but it effects a radical
cure. It strengthens the stomach, nour-
ishes the nerves and purifies the blood.
• « For six long years I suffered with my liver,
kidneys, and with indigestion, 'which "baffled
the best doctors in our country," ¦writes E. L..
Ransell, Esq., of Woolsey, Prince "William Co., .
Va. "I suffered with my stomach sad back for
a lonjj tita?. and after taking a ' cart-load ' of.
medicine from three doctors, I grew 30 bad V
could hardly do a day's work. Would have
death-like ' paiti3 In the side, and blind spells,
and thought life was hardly worth living. I
began taking: Dr. Pierce"9 Golden Medical DisA
covery and ! Pleasant Pellets,* as advised. Be-
fore I had taken half of the second bottle I
began to feel relieved. * I got six bottles and
used them, and am happy to say I owe my life j
to Dr. Pierce and his medicines."
Dr. Tierce's Pellets cure biliousness.BRITISH BARK HADDON HALL, WHICH ARRIVED FROM LIVERPOOL YESTERDAY IN A DENSE FOG. THE
CAPTAIN HAD NOT MET HIS BROTHER, X THE MASTER OF THE BRITISH SHIP GLENESSLIN; IN TWEN
TY-ONE YEARS AND THE MEETING WAS A JOYFUL ONE. '
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographies 't Office. U.S. N.;-Mer
chants' Exchange. I San Francisco. Cal.,
August 5, 1901. v- > ,'."" 2
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N.. in charge.
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day in tha order of occurrence as to time of
day- the third time column gives the last tide
of the day; except when there are but threa
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts. I except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given Is subtracted from the-depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference Is
the mean of the lower lo'ty waters. ¦- ••;• • - ¦
TO SAIL.
SAN JOSE, Aug.' 6.— Horticultural Com
missioner Ehrhorn will represent Santa
Clara County at the meeting of the Na
tional Horticultural Commissioners, who
are to meet soon at Denver. The Board
of Supervisors to-day granted him a leave
of absence for sixty days for this pur
pose. Ehrhorn will go prepared to make
an exhaustive report on the fruit diseases
and pests of this county.
Will Tell of Santa Clara Fruit.
Astoria: stmr Arcata, for Coos Bay.
Sailed Auk. 5— Schr Mabel Gray, for San
Francisco.' - • .
TACOMA— Arrived Aug. &— Schr Comet, from
San Pedro.
•WHATCOM— Arrived Aug. 5— Bark Vidette,
from- Honolulu.
SEATTLE- Arrived Aug. 5— Stmr Queen
from "Skajruay. Arrived Aue. ' 4— Stmr ' Dis
covery, from Nome.
v Sailed Auk. -3- Ship John A. Briggs, for San
Francisco, Sailed • Aug. , 4-Stmr Humboldt,
for- Skasuay. ' • . .
• j Arrived ;Ausr. 5— Stmr Mackinaw, for San
Francisco.' '
! TELLER— Sailed July 23— Schr Balboa, for
Nome.":
Arrived 'July 24— Stmr Jeanie, from Nome.
; ST.' MICHAELS— Sailed July 18— Schr Fal
con, for Port I Townsend. Bailed July 19 — Brlgr
Courtney Ford, for Fort Townsend. Sailed
July 20— Schr Ethel Zane, for Port Townsend.
PORT ANGELES— Arrived Aug. 5— U S stmr
Mohican, .
HADLOCK^Sailed Aug. 5— Bktn Lahalna.
for Shanghai.
Arrived Augr. 5— Schr Erie, from Townsend.
USAL— Sailed Aur. &— Stmr Aloha, for San
Francisco.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug. 5— Stmr Minne
apolis, from London.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONK— Arrived prior to Aug. 4— Stmr
Victoria, from TJacoma.
Sailed Aug. 3— Jap stmr Hongkong Maru, for
San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Aug. ¦ »— Br bark
ZInita, from Tacoma.
Sailed "Aug. 3— Br ship Sierra Miranda,
for .
ANTWERP— Arrived Aug. 2— Ger ship Peter
Rickmers, from Portland.
Sailed Auet. 4— Br < ship Bermuda, for San
Francisco; Br ship Inchcape Rock, for Port
Los Arreles.
In port July 17— Ital ship Cavallere CJampa,
for San Francisco.
HAMBURG— Sailed Br ship Lord Shaftes
bury, for Honolulu; Ger ship Alsterkamp. for
Puset Sound.
TABLE BAT— Arrived July 12— Schr Alice
McDonald, v from Montevideo. >?.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Aug 3— Br stmr Gaelic,
for San Francisco.
Arrived Augr. 4 — Jap stmr Nippon Maru.
hence July 17. -
SALINAS CRUZ— Arrived Aug. 3— Schr J. M.
'Colman, hence July 27.
• NANAIMO— Arrived Aug. 4— Stmr San Mateo.
from Port Los Aneeles.
SHIELDS— In port July 1»— Ital ship Salva
tore Ciampa, for San Francisco; Br bark Ven
dee,, for San Francisco.
PISAGUA— Sailed July 28— Br ship Edenbal
lymcre. for Astoria.
HIOGO— Sailed July 24— Ger ship Mabel Rick
mers, for Astoria. . • :
PROM SEATTLE.
TUESDAY. AUGUST 6.
Large Glass, Works Burned.
STOCKHOLM, Aug. 5.-The Kosta Glass
Works, the largest in Sweden, have been
burped.
BERLIN. Aug. 5.— The commission from
the French Chamber, which arrived Sat
urday in Bremen for the purpose of study-
Ing Germany's canals and harbors, is re
ceiving much courtesy. To-nJght the di
rectors of the North German Lloyd Steam
ship Company entertained the commission
at dinner. - .*,
Germans Entertain Frenchmen.
LONDON. Aug. 5.— Richard Croker's
Minnie Dee (J. Reiff) won. the .fialtley
plate at the Birmingham August meeting
to-day. W. C. Whitney's Luke Ward (L.
Reiff) . came in second and Haul-en-Bas
finished third.
Croker's Horse Wins.
BUFFALO, Aug. 5.— In the National Cy
cling .Association races In the Stadium
to-day Walter Smith of New York, holder
of the one-mile record of 1:28, tried for
the five-mile amateur American paced
record. He did the five miles in 8:27 1-5,
breaking the former record of 9:00, held
by J. R. Duboiee of Boston,' Mass. He
also broke the two and three mile records
of 3:26 2-5 and 5:53 J-5 respectively. Smith's
time for the two miles was 3:20 4-5 and for'
the three miles 5:40.
Smith Breaks Three Records.
BERLIN, Aug. 5.— Referring to the pub
lished statement that the Imperial Gov
ernment has decided to organize a colonial
force with the' troops who have left China,
using this as a nucleus of a future colonial
army, the Freissinnige Zeitung expresses
the opinion that such an attempt would
lead to a new conflict between the Govern
ment and the Reichstag.
Would Cause New. Conflict.
Jenkins Rides Three Winners.
LOXDOK. Aug. 5.— Clem Jenkins won
three races at the Hurst Tark dub bank
holiday meeting to-day, taking the Hurst
Park handicap with Frank Gardner's
Biddo, tbe Mortlake handicap with Nip
pon and the Scurry plate with Mr. Gard
ner's. Angmerlng. . ,
At the same meeting the Earl's Field
selling plate was won by Escurial (J H
Martin). = -V
NEWPORT, R. I., Aug. 5.— A long, tedi
ous race of twelve miles and back, with
the wind at all times very light and nearly
always abeam, was won to-day In the 90
foot yawl class by the Navahoe, and Jn
the 70-foot sloop class by the Rainbow.
Tedious -Yacht Races.
. . DOMESTIC PORTS.
EVERETT— Arrived Aug. > 4— Shin Gov.
Roble, from ¦ Honolulu. • • . , ¦ ¦ ¦ • .
TOWNSEND— Passed in Aug. S-Stmr Queen,
for Seattle. , . . ; .
Arrived Aug. it.'— Sehrs Prosper and A. M.
Camobell, ; from Honolulu. < ¦•¦"¦>-•.-
ABERDEEN— Arrived > Auk. 4— Schr Sailor
Boy., hence July; 21; stmr Brunswick, ¦ from Se
attle." .-.•¦• ¦...-,.¦..,, . -.. --; .-¦ ¦•-,¦
EUREKA— Sailed. Aug. 4— Stmr Fulton,; for
LONDON, - Auk. 5— Stmr Eureka, from " Nor
folk for. San Francisco, put' into Valparaiso
with machinery out of order. '*'.,'-'¦ - .
MISCELLANEOUS.
V •". Monday, Augr. 5.
Stmr Pomona,' Shea, Eureka. .
, .TELEGRAPHIC.
- POINT LOBOS. ¦ Aus. ' 5, 10 • p. m.— Weather
thick; wind SW, velocity 12 miles per hour.
. SAILED.
CLEARED.
. . "r>.-:. ' Monday, Au». 6..-
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka, Goodall, Per
kins & Co. - > .
Monday, Auj. 5.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jeya^n, 60. hours from
Victoria and Pu*ef Sound ports.
Stmr Coronado, Johnson, 68 houra from
Grays Harbor. )
Stmr Washtenaw, • Zelling, 86 hours from.Ta
coma. ¦ y ¦ .
Br stmr . Milton, Ralney, 4 days from Na
nalmo. \:\ -'¦
Nor stmr Titanla, Eftenes, 4 days from Na
nalmo.
Br shin Dunfermline, Woodward, • 72 days
from Nfewcastle, NSW. • »
• Br : bark Haddon • Hall, 165 days from Liver
pool. ¦ • > ¦ * «.,
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Coal Cargoes Arriving.
More than 25,000 tons of coal arrived In
port during the last thirty-six hours and
most of it is finding its way into circula
tion. The Titanlabrought in 5558 tons, the
Milton 4648 tons, the Matteawan 5000 tona,
Tellus 3500 tons, Washtenaw 4000 tons and
the British ship Dumferline 3000 tons from
Newcastle, Australia. All of these vessels
will be discharged before the week Is out,
so there is no fear of a coal famine for a
few days to come.
Has a Japanese Crew.
The steamship South Portland has a
Japanese crew. While the vessel was on
the Sound Captain Hall had a dispute
with some of his men, so he discharged
them all and secured Japanese sailors and
firemen. The vessel was expected yester
day morning, but the chances are ' that
she will be a few hours late and will not
dock until to-day. Captain Hall will be
able to work his men in discharging and
has no fear of a walkout when the vessel
ties up.
"Water Front Notes.
The wrecking schooner Bessie K re
turned from Half moon Bay yesterday
with the windlass and thirty fathoms of
chain from the City of Florence.
The British steamer Monmouthshire
that was here last year in the California
and Oriental Steajnship line has been sold
to the Quehec Steamship Company and
will run in the Windward Island trade.
The army transport tug Slocum got
back to port yesterday. At Santa Bar
bara she learned that the Lennox had
reached San Francisco, so Captain Mar
shall hurried back here.
O. Wallace, a negro woman, drank car
bolic acid in a water front resort yester
day and was hurried to the Harbor Hos
pital and pumped out. She was not badly
damaged.
Charters.
The Brabloch will load \ wheat at Portland
for Europe, 37b 6d; the British steamer Cym
beline, wheat here for Europe or- Mediter
ranean ports, 40s; the MacMahon, wheat here
for Europe, 38s; the Eric, lumber on Puget
Sound for Mollendo, 55s; the India, lumber at
Blakeley for Valparaiso (owners' account); the
Governor Roble, lumber on Puget Sound for
Sydney, 42s 6d, with usual options. All char
tered prior to arrival.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance' to San
Francisco Bay. Published ¦ by official au
thority of the Superintendent. .
NOTE— The high and low . waters occur at
the city . front (Mission-street . wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
The Haddon Hall had a fair run from
Liverpool here. The flrst part of the voy
age was marked by ligHt winds and
calms. On May 21 she was caught In a
very heavy east-northeast gale. It was
accompanied by a high, confused sea and
the ship was swept continuously. Four
bulwark stanchions were broken and sev
eral chain plates carried away. Consid
erable damage was done about the deck
and everything movable was washed
overboard. The run from 50 to 50 was
made in twenty days and then fair sail
ing weather was encountered. Off shore
a dense fog was run into, which delayed
the ship several days.
Away back in 1880 Captain J. B. Pritch
ard, then second mate of a wooden ship,
went home for a visit. His younger
brother was also home for a run and the
two of them "swapped lies" for over a.
week. Then they separated, and although'
each has circumnavigated the globe every
year since they never chanced to meet
again until yesterday. In 1889 Captain J.
B. Pritchard was appointed master of the
Glenesslin,- while at the same time his
brother was made chief officer of the
Haddon Hall. In 1894 Captain O. Pritch
ard received his command and has sailed
the Haddon Hall ever since. The two
vessels are chartered to load wheat for
Europe and will probably get away from
here about the same time.
Glenesslin was tied up. Seventeen of her
"lay days" have gone, but Captain Pritch
ard did not mind that, as every- day
brought his brother nearer to San Fran
cisco. After a long run the Haddon Hall
finally made port and the brothers met
again after a separation of twenty-one
years.
Batteries— Lee and. Clarke; Fraser ". and
Powers.
Iv. H. E.
Washington ......0 3 2
Philadelphia .2 6 1
Batteries— Garrick and Clarke; Wiltse, and
Powers.
CHICAGO. Aug. 5.— Cleveland tried a new
pitcher to-day who did some very clever. work,
batted well and, with good backing, won an
easy game.' The local players were decidedly
ofC in all departments and played a miserable
game. Attendance, 2100. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago 3 8 7
Cleveland. 1 ., ...'.." ....6 8 3
Batteries— Patterson and Sullivan; McNeil
and Connor.
- . . ; .- ..... .R. H. E.
Washington '....; 3 . 10 • 2
Philadelphia ....10 • IS - 3
MILWAUKEE, Aug. 6.— Detroit gave a mis
erable exhibition of ball playing to-day and the
locaU scored an easy victory. Attendance, 800.
Score:
R. H. E.
Milwaukee 19 17 2
Detroit 4 10 - 11
Batteries— Hustings and Donohue; Maloney,
Cronin. High and Buelow.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 5.— The home team
took two games from Washington by better all
round playing. Philadelphia won the first
game by solid hitting, while the visitors' hits
were so scattered that they were unable to get
their men around the bases. The second con
test was a battle of the pitchers, Wiltse having
the better of it. Attendance, 6000. Score, flrst
game: •,- ¦•; £« ?t : y...V:
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
R. H. E.
Plttsburg 6 13 ' 7
St. Louis 20 21 1
Batteries— Chesbro, Doheny, O'Connor' and
Yeager; Powell and Ryan. Umpires— O' Day and
Brown.
R. H. E.
New York 0 5 5
Philadelphia 10 10- 1
Batteries — Taylor and Bowerman; Duggleby
and Douglass. Umpire— Dwyer.
BOSTON, Aug. 5.— To-day's game was so
evenly contested that luck was the principal
factor In determining the result. Boston was
fortunate enough to buy hits with Brooklyn's
errors, and so won. Both pitchers did excel
lent work. Attendance. 3000. Score:
R. H. E.
Boston 2 4 1
Brooklyn 1 5 2
Batteries— Willis and Kittredge; Donovan and
Farrell. Umpire— Emslie.
PITTSBURG. Aug. 5.— Up to the middle of
the eighth inning St. Louis had made fifteen
hits and ten runs. Doheny and Teager were
put in then, but the slump could not be checked
Attendance, 4900. Score:
R. H. E.
New York 3 8 3
Philadelphia 6 9 4
Batteries — Matthewson and Smith; Townsend
and UcFarland. ,
Second game:
CINCINNATI. Aug. 5.— To-day's game was
an old-time slugging match. Fourteen hits
for extra bases were made off the two pitch
ers. In the fourth inning, after two were out.
Menefee was hit hard and the locals scored
live runs. Attendance, 1000. Score:
R. H. E.
Cincinnati 10 14 1
Chicago 7 14 1
Batteries— Guese and Bergen; Menefee and
Kahoe. Umpire — Naeh.
NEW YORK, Aug. 5.— Philadelphia won two
games from New York to-day. The flrst re
quired eleven innings and was lost through
misplays. The second game was poorly played
on both sides. Attendance, 7200. Score, first
game:
INTERESTING GAMES ON
MANY EASTERN DIAMONDS
KATIONAL EAGUE.
SABATOGA. N. Y., Aug. 5.— Five thou-
HOUSES THAT CROSSED
/' WIRE IN TIHST PLACE
sand persons witnessed the opening of the
racing season to-day. The day's features
were the running of the $5000 Flash stake
for two-year-olds and the $10,000 Saratoga
handicap, in ¦which a field of eleven of the
beet horses in training, including the old
black mare Imp, started. The handicap
was won by Rockton, who was at 10 to 1
in the betting. Imp finished fifth.
The Flash stakes resulted in a close
finish. Goldsmith, Lux Costa and ChiJton
finished heads apart as named. It was
only through the masterly ride on the
part of Turner, Goldsmith's jockey, that
Goldsmith won. Results:
First race, seven furlongs — Smoke won, Isl
dor second, Klnnlkinnie third. Time, 1:26 4-5.
Second race, selling, one mile and a etxteenth
— Polando ¦won. Lone Fisherman second, Little
Daisy third. Time, 1:49 2-5.
Third, race, the Flash stakes, two-year-olds,
five furlongs — Goldsmith, 115 (Turner), 6 to S.
won; Luxa Costa, 112 <BuIlman), T to 1 and
5 to 2, second; Chilton, 115 (Shaw), 3 to 1,
third. Time, 1:01. Tribeshlll, Sir Oliver,
Femesole, Dixie Line, Golden Cottage and Han
over Queen also ran.
Fourth race, the Saratoga handicap, one mile
and an eighth— Rockton, 116 (Turner), 10 to 1,
won; Water Cure, 105 (Landry), 30 to 1 and
10 to 1, second ; Water Color, 115 (Spencer)
2 to 1 and 4 to 5, third. Time, 1:53 1-5. All
Gold. Imp, Brifi-adier. Bines, Decanter. King
Bramble. The Parader and Bonnlbert also ran.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs, selling-
Gay Boy won. Dark Secret second, Man o' War
third. Time, 1:08 4-5.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards — Roe
hampton won. Chuctanunda second. Admoni
tion third. Time. 1:45 3-5.
CHICAGO, Aug. 5.— Harlem results:
First race, eix and a half furlongs, selling—
TV. B. Gates won. Ranco second, Hylo third.
Time. 1:21 S-5. %
Second race, six furlonrs — Miss Bennett won,
Burnie Bunton. second. Federal third. Time.
1:13 1-6.
Third race. Golf steeplechase, 6hort course—
Fllon d'Or won. Alice B second, Bermuda
Hundred third. Time, :34.
- Fourth race, mile and a sixteenth — Vesuvlan
won. Scotch Plaid second. Strangest third.
Time. 1:46 S-5.
Fifth race, five furlongs, selling— Jaubert
won, Rosewar second, Ishtar third. Time.
1:00 J-5. . .
Sixth race, sir and a half furlongs, cell
ing—Likeness won, Andes second, Fleuron
third. Time. 1:20 2-5.
Seventh race, mile and an eighth, selling—
Alaska won, Tammany Chief . second, Dagmar
thirds Time. 1:S5 S-5.
DETROIT. Aug. 5.— "Windsor results:
First race, four and a half furlongs— Amigart
won. El Giva eecond. Follow third Time, -M%.
Second race, six furlongs, selling— Ghetto
¦won, Xanette second, Mr. Pomeroy third.
Time. 1:14^.
Third race, steeplechase, short course— Jim
McGibbon won, Coley second, Tate's Creek
third. Time. 2:50.
Fourth race, one mile — Trebor won, Velma
Clark eecond. Aloha II third. Time. 1:3S%.
Fifth race, one mile and an eighth, selling: —
Cyclone won. Jessie Jarboe second, Baffled
third. Time, 1:5&
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling— Nina B. L.
won, Lady Kent second. Little Land third.
Time, l:u]&.
ET. LOUIS, Aug. 5.— Delmar Park summary:
First race, fl\-e and a half furlongs, selling—
Crimean won. Miss Dora second. Colonel Stone
third. Time, 1:09*4.
Second race, one mile and twenty yards, sell
ing—Monograph won, Tlckful second, Quannah
Parker third. Time, 1:44.
Third race, six furlongs, selling— Judge Pat
tus won. Benham second, Mona B third. Time
1:16.
Fourth race, one mile and a sixteenth. sell
ing—Dan Paxton yon. Belle Simpson second.
Peter Duryea third. Time, 1:49.
Fifth race, six furlongs, purse— Kazen won.
Meddlesome second. Northern Spy third. Time,
Sixth race, one mile and three-sixteenths.
Belling— Swordsman won, Irving Mayor second.
Seething third. Time, 1:54.
BUTTE, Mont., Aug. 4.— Results:
First race, trotting, 2:15 class— Erudition won
Montanus second. Idol third. Best time, 2-23VS.'
Second race, five and a half furlongs— Justus
Goebel won. Maggie K eecond, Phil Branson
third. Time, l:10Vi.
Third race, four furlongs— Rubina won
Eetada second. Tufts third. Time. :50
Fourth race, ex furlongs— Kitty Kelly won.
Lucy White second, Fonclift third. Time 1*16
Fifth race, one mile— Free Pass won Sea
Song, second, Joe K third. Time, 1:44.
Sixth race, three and a half furlongs— Patsy
Dolan won. Walkapaugh second. Aurora third
Time, :41 l ,t. • - . .
Admiral Dewey was in conference to
day with Acting Secretary Hackett rel
ative to the retired rear admiral to be
designated for service on the court of
inquiry. The department is now in tel
egraphic communication with an officer
who' may be given orders.
CALL. BUREAU.- 1406 ! G STREET. N.
TV.. WASHINGTON. Aug. 5.— That a full
and complete Investigation of the Samtf
son-Schley controversy will be made by
the Dewey ceurt of inquiry is shown by
the action taken by Acting Secretary
Hackett in ordering witnesses from for
eign stations to. Washington. Before his
departure from this city Judge Advocate
General Lemly submitted to .Hackett a
list of witnesses who could offer import
ant testimony and in the list was Com
mander Schroeder, - at present serving as
Governor of Guam and/during the war
with Spain executive officer of the battle-
Ehip Massachusetts. Hackett cabled to
Rear Admiral Rogers, directing him to
send the Yorktown to Guam to convoy
Commander Schroeder to the United
States.
Other officers who will be brought to
Washington include Lieutenant Com
mander Giles B. Harbor, naval attache
in Paris and St. Petersburg, who was
executive officer of the battleship Texas;
Lieutenant Commander Alexander Scharp.
who commanded the gunboat Vixen and
who is now executive officer of the Hart
ford; Lieutenant Commanders S. P. Com
ley. attached to the Alliance; L. C Hell
ner, on duty at the Xew York yard; Wil
liam H. Scheutze and W. H. Allen, at
tached to the bureau of equipment : A.
C. Hodgson, stationed at Newport; JE. T.
Capehart, on duty on the New York, ar.d
H. P. Huse, commanding the Villalobos,
who were navigators of the fleet.
Commander Schroeder will be able to
reinforce the testimony of Rear Admiral
Higgineon, who commanded the Massa
chusetts. As executive officer he was ac
quainted with the routine of the ship and
great stress is placed upon his evidence.
Whether he will return to Guam is not
certain. There have been complaints
made against his administration in conse
quence of the scandal in the marine de
tachment stationed at Agana. It is ,
thought here that Commander Swift of
the -Yorktown will temporarily relieve
Commander Schroeder as Governor.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Central Pacific, $13,0u0,000; Santa Fe Pa
cific. $1,500,000; Southern California Kail
way, $3,500,000; North Pacific Coast, $600,
000; Pacific Coast Railway, $250,000; Pajaro
Valley Railway, $200,000; Nevada County
Narrow Gauge. $112,500; Nevada, Califor
nia and Oreg-on, $200,000; Alameda and San
Joaquin, $125,550; Sierra Railway Com
pany. $250,000; Randsburg Railroad, 5125,
000; Gualala River Railroad, $40,000; Cali
fornia and Nevada, $50,000; Sierra Valley
Road. $53,375; San Francisco and San Ma
teo Electric, $225,000; Lake Tahoe Railway
Company, $50,000; South Pacific Coast,
$1,009,680; Southern California Motor Road,
$60,000; Carson and ColoradajRoad, $120,
000; San Francisco and North Pacific,
$2,000,000; San Francisco and San Joaquin
Valley Road, $2,700,000. The Pullman Pal
ace Car Company was assessed at $500,000.
In all of his efforts to have the "feeders"
of the Southern Pacific added to the main
system ¦ Toland received but little encour
agement from the other members of the
board. He said that the law prescribed
that such roads should be considered with
the main system. The other members con
tended that that was a question of law —
whether the board had jurisdiction over
the "feeders"— and that the question could
be easily settled by an opinion from the
Attorney General in the matter. Toland
reminded his colleagues that they had had
ample opportunity to obtain an opinion
but had not seen fit to do so. The board
will take up the matter of county assess
ments next Tuesday.
Chairman Alex Brown agreed with him
in his contention that the representation
should be made. Toland received no sec
ond to his amendment. The board, how
ever, fixed the entire mileage of the
Southern Pacific Company at 2099.23 and
the assessment at $22,600,000. Other assess
ments were fixed as follows: ' •
When the board took up the assessment
of the railroads this afternoon Equalizer
Toland moved as an amendment to Col
gan's motion fixing the assessment of the
Southern Pacific Company at $22,500,000 on
2089.02 miles, that the 262,842 miles of "feed
ers" operated by the company be added
to the mileage of the company's main sys
tem. He said that the "feeders" are op
erated together in one system and belong
to the' Southern Pacific, and their earn
ings are returned as part of the general
earnings of the company. He objected to
the form of Colgan's motion. He wanted
the board to flrst establish the mileage
and then fix the assessment.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 5.— The State
Board of equalization late this afternoon
fixed the assessment on all the railroads
In the State. As a result of their action
the assessment this year is $1,559,730 more
than that of last year. This year's as
sessment is $49,271,485; last year's was
$47,711,755. t
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Unsuccessful.
Effort \ to Add to Southern
> K Pacific Mileage Is
Investigation of the Schley
Controversy Will Be
Thorough.
Figures for the Railroads
Million and a Half
Higher.
Dewey Court of Inquiry
Summons Witnesses
JUDGE ADVOCATE
SUBMITS NAMES
EQUALIZERS ADD
TO ASSESSMENTS
PORT ANGELES, Wash., Aug. 5.— Ths
United States training ship Mohican ar
rived in this harbor this afternoon from.
San Francisco and will wait here for
orders. 1
Mohican Arrives at Port Angeles.
STOCKTON. Aug. 5.— The Japanese
section gang, numbering eighty men,
working at Escalon on the Santa Fe road
became involved in a riot Sunday noon,
and but for the prompt action of Ira
Clark, the timekeeper, and George Dubly,
the foreman of the gang, serious trouble
would probably have resulted. Af it was,
one of the Japanese was nearly killed.
A Japanese named Kushi was accused
by one of the men with having stolen a
monkey wrench. A demand was made
that Kushi be discharged, which was re
fused. Thereupon only about seventeen
of the gang reported for work. The re
organized and made an attack on Vne
men at work, particularly Kushi. The
men attacked were put into freight cars
by Timekeener Clark. who r with the as
sistance of Dubly, kept the mob at bay,
word in the meantime having been sent
to Sheriff Sibley at Stockton.
The Sheriff, accompanied by Deputy
Smith, went to the scene and arrested
three of the ringleaders— Morshita. Ka
tuski and Shimnski. who, with Kushi,
were brought to the County Jail. Kushi
is badly cut about the head and bears
other marks of rough handling. At one
time during the fracas about twenty of
the rioters pounced upon Kushi and would
have killed him but for the timely assist
ance of Clark, who is said to have a re
markable influence over the gang. The
arrested men will probably be charged
with assault to murder.
Ringleaders Are Arrested and
Must Answer Serious
Charges.
Santa Fe Railroad Work
men in a Lively
Encounter.
WHITE MEN DEFY
JAPANESE MOB
JOYFUL MEETING OF TWO BROTHERS
AFTER A SEPARATION OF MANY YEARS
ROYAL COUPLE
TO BE GUESTS
British Bark Haddon Hall Arrives From Liverpool and Captain
Pritchard Is Greeted by His Relative, Master of the Glenesslin,
Now in Portv Whom He Had Not Seen .for a Generation
Canada Prepares for the
Duke and Duchess
of Cornwall.
Unique Celebration to Be
Held at Vancouver in
October.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Aug. 5.— Great
preparations are being made throughout
Canada for the reception of the Duke and
Duchess of Cornwall and York, who will
visit the Dominion in September and Oc
tober. The Ophir, on which the royal
party is traveling around the world, will
arrive at Halifax about September 15, and
from there until they arrive in Vancouver
on October 1 there will be daily official
receptions in all the principal cities along
the route. The preparations going on now
in Vancouver for the greatest celebration
ever seen here are a fair sample of what
Is being done in all the Canadian cities,
and altogether the tour will be quite the
most aristocratic function since the days
when King Edward visited Canada more
than forty years ago. *•¦'.'*,
Besides their own suite their royal high
nesses will be welcomed at Halifax and
accompanied right across the continent by
Lord MInto, the Governor General; Lady
Mlnto, Sir Wilfrid Laurier, the Prime Min
ister; Sir Richard Cartwright, Sir Louis
Davies, the Hon. David Mills and other
members of the Federal Cabinet.
Trip to the Alaska Coast.
From Halifax the itinerary will include
St. John, N. B.; Montreal, Ottawa, To
ronto, Quebec, Winnipeg, Regina, Calgary
and Vancouver. Other Eastern cities will
be visited on the return tour, after their
royal highnesses have visited Victoria and
taken a trip up the Alaskan coast. The
Canadian Pacific has placed the steamship
Empress of India, which will be in port,
at the disposal of the party to make the
run to Victoria and later take the north
ern trip if the latter is arranged.
In order to make satisfactory arrange
ments Mayor Townley of Vancouver re
cently sent a special envoy to Ottawa,
where a statement of the exact pro
gramme to be earried out in Vancouver
was obtained. The plan is on a grand
scale and will contain features absolutely
unique in Canada.
The special train of the royal party will
arrive in Vancouver at 11:30 o'clock in the
morning, and the Duke and Duchess will
remain here until next morning. The flag
ship Warspite of the North Pacific squad
ron and several of the other warships will
be in port. A request has been forwarded
to the United States Navy Department to
allow the Oregon or one of the other of
Uncle Sam's warships on the Pacific to
be here and join in the celebration. A
naval guard of honor will be in attend
ance and the flagship band with local
bands will play "God Save the King" as
the train comes in.
Ceremony at Vancouver.
His Excellency the Governor General
will then introduce the Lieutenant Gov
ernor of the province. Sir Henry Joly, Ad
miral Beaumont and Mayor Townley to
their royal highnesses. The ladles will
present to the Duchess a bouquet of flow
ers and immediately after the civic ad
dress of welcome will be read by the
Mayor. The latter will then escort the
Duke to. his carriage. Whether the as
sembled crowd will follow or precede the
procession uptown will appear in printed
instructions later..
The party will be driven to the new
military drill hall, which will be opened
by his royal highness, and at the conclu
sion of this ceremony luncheon at the Ho
tel Vancouver will be announced by the
Mayor. . There areto be no speeches at
lunch. Afterward the Mayor is to pro
pose the health of the King and later the
health of the royal visitors, which will
then be drunk. The Duke will reply to
both at one time.
Headed by a detachment of mounted
police in uniform, the party will drive
around the park in the afternoon and
later will be conducted through the Has
tings sawmill, one of the largest on the
coast. In the evening there will be an
Illuminated procession of fishing boats on
the inlet. Including Indian war canoes,
there will probably be over 2000 boats in
the procession, so that this spectacle alone
will be a unique one. Early next morn
ing the party will leave for Victoria by
the Empress.
HOTJSE OF LORDS DECIDES
AGAINST A TBADES UNION
Dismisses an Appeal From a Judg-
ment Rendered Against a Butch
ers' Association.
LONDON, Aug.. 5.— The House of Lords
to-day rendered an important decision af
fecting trades unions. The case was
brought up on appeal from the judgment
of the Irish courts awarding a wholesale
butcher damages against the Butchers'
Assistants' Association, which brought
pressure to bear on retailers to boycott
the platintiff until he dismissed a certain
non-union employe, threatening otherwise
to call out the union employes of the
firms concerned, and finally induced the
non-unionist to leave the plaintiff. The
Lords dismissed the appeal on the ground
that the alleged acts of wrongful and
malicious conspiracy were not undertaken
to advance the interests of the workmen
themselves, but solely to injure the plain
tiff. : -
Throws Himself Into a Furnace.
SALT LAKE, Aug. 5.— A special to the
Deseret News from Provo, Utah, says
that John M. Wilson, a patient at the in
sane asylum, threw himself head first into
,the open door of a furnace to-day. He
was badly burned before being pulled
out. While bandages were being prepared
Wilson broke away and again threw him
self into the furnace, this time being so
frightfully burned that he died within a
short time.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 6. 1901
The Glenesslin arrived here on July 18
from Japan in ballast and her. captain's
first question to the pilot was, "Has the
Haddon Hall arrived from Liverpool?"
The bark was then out 148 days and given
favorable' weather should have been in
port. She was behind time, however, and
Captain Pritchard bee-an to fear . that he
would be loaded and on his way home
again before the Haddon Hall and his
brother made port. The fates, In the
«hape of the strike, intervened and the
5^ HERE was a joyful meeting of two
1 old sea dogs on the water front
I yesterday. For a score of years
¦". 11 Captain J. B. Prltchard had not
seen his brother, Captain O.
Prltchard of, the Haddon Hall, and when
tha-latter vessel came in through the fog
about noontime the ' Glenesslin' s master
lost no time In getting across the bay
from Sausallto.
Sun rises ..............................'.6:17
Sun sets ........................;. .:;.....;. 7:14
Moon rises (third quarter)............ 10:50 p. m.
NOTE— In the above exposition ( of the tides
tho early mornlngr tides are given in the lelt
4
6 .:.
7 ...
late
H W
4:07
5:34
L W
0:04
1:11
2:12
3:04
3:51
- Time
Ft.
L W
4.8 9:29
4.0 10:22
- H W
0.4 6:58
0.0 8:14
-0.3 9:18
—0.5 10:06
—^0-6J 10:51
Ft.
1.9
2.4
I
Time
H W
4:06
4:58
lu W
11:26
12:36
1:40
2:42
3:S7
Ft.
5.6
5.7
Time
L W
10:57
H W
6:54
. 6:57
7:57
8:59
9:51
Ft.
,; 0.7
•'•'-
8.J
9 ...
10 ...
11 :.. :
3.9
H.I
4.4
4.6
4.9
2.7
2.9
• 2.9
.2.8
2.6
6.9
8.0
6.1
6.1
6.1
l2 ...
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Neko Hamburg & Way Ports Aug. 6
South Portland Tacoma Aug. ' 6
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom Aug. 6
Argyll ••••• New York via Panama Aug. 6
Progreso Tacoma Aug *7
Asuncion Seattle Aug 8
Mackinaw Seattle Aug. S
Acapulco....... Panama' & Way Forts All*. 8
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 8
Pomona Humboldt Auk. 8
Zealandla Honolulu ; Aug 9
Point Arena.... Point Arena Aug 9
w t! fi P w ln if"" Chlna and Japan Aug. 10
AValla Walla... Puget Sound Ports Aug. 10
Eureka.. Humboldt Aug. 10
Peru China & Japan Aug. 11
Bonita Newport Aug 11
State of Cal.... San Diego & Way Pts Aug. 11
Sonooaa Sydney & Way Ports.. Aug. 12
G. W. Elder... Portland & Astoria Aug. 13
North Fork.../ Humboldt Aug. 13
Steamer.
Destination.
I Sails.
Pier.
Umatllla
Point Arena-
Empire .
North Fork..
Australia
Eureka
Czarina
Mandalay....
State of Cal..
Curacao
¦ . ¦¦.¦¦¦
G. W. Elder. I
Aconcagua...
Bonlta
San Pedro....
Coronado
City, Sydney.
Rainier
An«u)it 6.
Puget Sound Ports
Point Arena....;...
August 7.
Coos Bay
Humboldt
Tahiti direct
Humboidt
Seattle & Tacoma..
Coquille River ....
San Diego & Way.
Mexican Ports ....
Augnst 8.
Astoria & Portland
Valparaiso & Way
San Pedro & Way.
Humboldt
Grays Harbor ....
Panama & Way...
Seattle & N. What
AimuKt 9.
Puget Sound Ports
AuKORt 1O.
China & Japan
Honolulu
San Diego .*...
Humboldt
Augrnst 11.
Astoria & Portland
San Diego & Way.
August 12.
i N. Y. via Panama.
11 am|
2 pm
10 am
9 am.
10 am |
9 am
4 pm
9 am
10 am
11 am
12 m
9 am
10 am
5 pm
12 m
Pier 9
Pier 2
|Pler 13
;Pler 2
Pier 7
Pier 13
Pier 5
Pier 8
Pier 11
Pier 11
Pier 24
Pier 10
Pier ll
Pier 2
Pier : 2
PMSS
[Pier 2
.....;
City Puebla..
U am
Pier 9
Amer. Maru.
Marlposa.....
Corona
Pomona .
1 pm
2 pm
9 am
1:30 p
PMSS
Pier 7
Pier 11
Pier 9
Columbia
Santa Rosa..
11 am
9 am
Pier 24
Pier 11
Argyll........
..::....
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Senator.. Nome direct
Farallon........ Skaguay & Way Ports
Queen.... ... Skaguay & Way Ports
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports
Conemaugh .... Nome . & ¦ St. Michael . .
Bertha Valdez & Way Ports..
Centennial..... Nome &'.Teller City....
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports.
Victorian....... Skaguay & Way Ports.
Al-Kl ....... Skaguay & Way Ports.
City of Topeka. Skaguay & Way Ports.,
Aug. 6
Aug. 6
Aug.' 8
Aug. 8
Aug. 19
Aug. 10
Aug. 10
Aug. 13
Aug. 13
Aug. 14
[Aug. 18
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Neko Hamburg & Way Ports Aug. 6
South Portland Tacoma Aug. ' 6
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom Aug. 6
Argyll ••••• New York via Panama Aug. 6
Progreso Tacoma Aug *7
Asuncion Seattle Aug 8
Mackinaw Seattle Aug. S
Acapulco....... Panama' & Way Forts All*. 8
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 8
Pomona Humboldt Auk. 8
Zealandla Honolulu ; Aug 9
Point Arena.... Point Arena Aug 9
w t! fi P w ln if"" Chlna and Japan Aug. 10
AValla Walla... Puget Sound Ports Aug. 10
Eureka.. Humboldt Aug. 10
Peru China & Japan Aug. 11
Bonita Newport Aug 11
State of Cal.... San Diego & Way Pts Aug. 11
Sonooaa Sydney & Way Ports.. Aug. 12
G. W. Elder... Portland & Astoria Aug. 13
North Fork.../ Humboldt Aug. 13
Steamer.
Destination.
I Sails.
Pier.
Umatllla
Point Arena-
Empire .
North Fork..
Australia
Eureka
Czarina
Mandalay....
State of Cal..
Curacao
¦ . ¦¦.¦¦¦
G. W. Elder. I
Aconcagua...
Bonlta
San Pedro....
Coronado
City, Sydney.
Rainier
An«u)it 6.
Puget Sound Ports
Point Arena....;...
August 7.
Coos Bay
Humboldt
Tahiti direct
Humboidt
Seattle & Tacoma..
Coquille River ....
San Diego & Way.
Mexican Ports ....
Augnst 8.
Astoria & Portland
Valparaiso & Way
San Pedro & Way.
Humboldt
Grays Harbor ....
Panama & Way...
Seattle & N. What
AimuKt 9.
Puget Sound Ports
AuKORt 1O.
China & Japan
Honolulu
San Diego .*...
Humboldt
Augrnst 11.
Astoria & Portland
San Diego & Way.
August 12.
i N. Y. via Panama.
11 am|
2 pm
10 am
9 am.
10 am |
9 am
4 pm
9 am
10 am
11 am
12 m
9 am
10 am
5 pm
12 m
Pier 9
Pier 2
|Pler 13
;Pler 2
Pier 7
Pier 13
Pier 5
Pier 8
Pier 11
Pier 11
Pier 24
Pier 10
Pier ll
Pier 2
Pier : 2
PMSS
[Pier 2
.....;
City Puebla..
U am
Pier 9
Amer. Maru.
Marlposa.....
Corona
Pomona .
1 pm
2 pm
9 am
1:30 p
PMSS
Pier 7
Pier 11
Pier 9
Columbia
Santa Rosa..
11 am
9 am
Pier 24
Pier 11
Argyll........
..::....
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Senator.. Nome direct
Farallon........ Skaguay & Way Ports
Queen.... ... Skaguay & Way Ports
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports
Conemaugh .... Nome . & ¦ St. Michael . .
Bertha Valdez & Way Ports..
Centennial..... Nome &'.Teller City....
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports.
Victorian....... Skaguay & Way Ports.
Al-Kl ....... Skaguay & Way Ports.
City of Topeka. Skaguay & Way Ports.,
Aug. 6
Aug. 6
Aug.' 8
Aug. 8
Aug. 19
Aug. 10
Aug. 10
Aug. 13
Aug. 13
Aug. 14
[Aug. 18
6 .:.
7 ...
late
H W
4:07
5:34
L W
0:04
1:11
2:12
3:04
3:51
- Time
Ft.
L W
4.8 9:29
4.0 10:22
- H W
0.4 6:58
0.0 8:14
-0.3 9:18
—0.5 10:06
—^0-6J 10:51
Ft.
1.9
2.4
I
Time
H W
4:06
4:58
lu W
11:26
12:36
1:40
2:42
3:S7
Ft.
5.6
5.7
Time
L W
10:57
H W
6:54
. 6:57
7:57
8:59
9:51
Ft.
,; 0.7
•'•'-
8.J
9 ...
10 ...
11 :.. :
3.9
H.I
4.4
4.6
4.9
2.7
2.9
• 2.9
.2.8
2.6
6.9
8.0
6.1
6.1
6.1
l2 ...
pij G| $1.00 -in Year
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
1a A GREAT BESTOR ATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor ».nd Xervlne.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid*
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
NABEIt. ALFS & BRUNE, Agents.
S23 Market St., S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
DR. HALL'S REINVIGORATORgEg?
Five hundred reward for any rK
case we cannot cure. This secret •*¦» ¦••*
remedy stops losses in 24 hours. 1
cures Emissions, Impotency. Varl- gZH ny-
cocele. Strictures. Gleet, Drains. 7?f? JCT
Lost Manhood and all other wast- \r-4b t NA.
ins effects of self-ahupe or excess- fgM _fiTg*
es. Sent sealed. $2 bottle: 3 bottles, ""¦¦'" "»¦
to- guaranteed to cure any case. Address
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 853 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 1073VJ
Market st.". S. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Send for free book.
When there is a natural and healthy circulation of the blood, the entire
quantity, estimated at one-eighth the weight of the body, passes through the heart
every five minutes. , This rapid flow of the blood through the system prevents the
entrance of disease germs and impurities of every description. It filters out all that
is not necessary or good for the growth and development of the body and nourish-
ing and strengthening the muscles, tissues, nerves and bones. But, unfortunately,
few persons can rightly claim an absolutely pure blood supply and perfect and
unpolluted circulation, and in consequence are exposed to innumerable diseases.
Contagious Blood Poison, the greatest enemy, to mankind, enters the system
through the and Cancer, Scrofula, _ Rheumatism, Catarrh, Eczema, Salt
Rheum, Psoriasis, Tetter — in fact the majority of human ailments — are caused by
poisons or humors that are engen- ' ¦ m
dered and fostered in a sluggish The BtOOti MS the SOUrCG
and impoverished blood. Old :, . ¦¦ - : - , ¦ wi*
sores, chronic ulcers and rheumatic pains are com- of J^iJ Sfi'dfOtH
mon, especially among old people, blood > ggmmm
naturally grows thin andpale because of the lack of the red corpuscles that give
color and strength to youthful blood. Sallow complexions and rough, oily skins
evidence some constitutional or blood trouble, which salves, lotions, powders nor
any external treatment can cure. Diseases that originate in the blood whether
they manifest themselves as ulcers, tumors, itching; eruptions, muscular or bone
pains, require a tonic and blood purifier such as S. S. S., which not only antidotes
and neutralizes blood poisons and humors, but possesses health-giving tonic prot>er-
ties that no other blood medicine does. It goes down to the very foundationof
D~II..4~*W DrJ*~J S ? disease .«?d- eliminates; from; the' system every-
rOliUteti JatOOtB thing of a poisonous character or that obstructs and
BreetiS Disease new strength and vitality to , thl ofi. UnutritiSS
,.„,.. ... V, , blood » and when the arteries and veins are once
more filled with new, rich blood, the general health begins to improve muscles
grow stronger, and sores and eruptions of every kind disappear ' '
r :m S. S. is theonly guaranteed purely vegetable blood purifier, and the purest
and most reliable in all blood diseases. It has been tested in thousands of cases
during the past fifty years and is more popular today than ever We will be clad
to send you o - book free, and if in need of medical advice write our physicians all
about your c<bc , this information will cost you nothing and comes from experi-
enced and educated' doctors. . All correspondence : is conducted in *tri£ti«5t
confidence, THE SWIFT SPECIF.^ COMPANY^ ?ATLA&TA Q%
iHUSEOH OF ANATOMY
9 SB "3iJii3Z37ST.t3*..s:ii;a,s.r.:i:.
\ i^f The Largest Anatomical Museum in tbe
ft gifejn World. Weaknesses or any contracted
* QjCs 3sR (ftsease positively cared by the oldest
$ *^ *s3 1 i ' jec:la: ' s!: on the C oa st. Esl 36 years. .
A U&S&k DR - JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
\ 9{*!&7S (3 Consultation fres and strie'ly prirats.
9 J JU^K Q T "»™ent personally or by letter. A
\ 8 If n H Fositite CvTt m e»ery case undertaken.
0 P It lift Write for Bonk. PHILOAOPaY of
T * If ll '» BAnBlAGE, MAILED FREE. (A.
A (^ - fj. . valuable book for mm)
f DR. JOUDA.V A CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. F.
visit DR. JORDAN'S great
Small Price.
Positively cured by theso
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Hearty,
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in the Mouth, Coated Tongue. Pain in
the Side, TORPID LIVER. They-
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose. ' ;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I HOBOiH I
I |hll Great Trala |
I AHD runs but twice |
§1 P«r weak during y
SliBSDi! *— : . I
I TUF Uwing «t 9 i», |
Kj It arrives In H
|-UUFOHII irsr-l
I LIIsIIILU Its Mfl& s&fldardil
H Of service Is 1]
I 0M tally maintain*. l|
I SIHII FE I
BS m h text fRcsB n hspr ia h ** *¦
?3 S H R3 HEEM HKa SusS MB Q BBBBB'The regular monthly report of the Cal
ifornia Colony Association has just been
made public. It shows a; very satisfactory
state ; of affairs.'. During the - last month
more than thirty, people have settled here
through the -efforts of the- society,, and
during the : last „ sixty,, days the number
has reached more than 100. '
California Colony Association.
"The Amazons" attracted another large
audience to the California last night and
the Neills repeated their successes of the
opening night of the play. The members
of the company are well cast and are
fully alive to the opportunities offered,
and from. Mr. Neill" down : their work
was warmly -applauded -by the enthusi
astic spectators. "The Amazons" . is BS a
clever, mirth provoking and smoothly
California.
WASHINGTON*. D. C. Aug. 5.— The fol
lowing pensions were granted to-day:
California— Original: • WHIliam S. Ruby,
Riverside. $6; Allen R. - Matlock. Sacra
tnsnto. $6. Increase, restoration, re-
Issued: Hiram T. Curl (flead), Oakland,
?12. Original widows: Acllsa B. Curl.
Oakland. $8: Cella L. McVean. San Frah
cisco. $8. Washington— Increase: Chris
tian Fuhrbery. Seattle. $12; Delos Ackley,
Wayside. 512. -"'',.*"-?¦'
Cf Interest to People of the Coast.
; Among the clever people at the Olympia
this week are" Kalacratus, the novel tv
juggler: Zeta Lowell, singing and dancine
poubrette; Lestf-r Reeves, barytone, ; and
lone in -poses plastique. : .
Olympia.
Ever-popular "II Trovatore" demon
strated again last night its "drawing
power. The Tivoli was packed to the
limit of its capacity. The audience fully
received the worth of its money. The
opera was sung with spirit from begin
ning to end. The principals were in- good
voice. The 'accessories were ample and
satisfactory and the orchestra and chorus
were well handled. Salassa a? !JI Luna,
Collamarinl as Azucena/ Barbareschi as
Leonora and Napoleon! as Ferrando were
complimented repeatedly with recalls be
fore the curtain. Collamarini made the
¦best Azucena that has been seen and
heard in San Francisco for many a* day,
Tivoli.
Tnited States District Judge de Haven
yesterday appointed Henry L. Ford / of
HumboMt County and George Wood of
Sierra County as Cnited States Commis
sioners for the resr>ective localities for. the
term of four years.
U. S. Commissioners Appointed.
On August 20 a civil service examination
will be held In all cities having free pos
tal delivery for the position* of topo
graphic and mechanical draughtsman, of
fice of chief of engineers, salarv $1000 per
annum. Application forms 304 and 375
should be applied fir from the Civil Serv
ice Commission at Washington. ,-••--
Civil Service Examinations.
Fischer's Concert House.
An. excellent programme was presented
at Fischer's Concert House last night, and
every number was- thoroughly, enjoyed.
Irene Franklin's , cornet solos : were en
cored, and the comedy work of Sevmonr
and Hill. Billy Flemen" and Swor and
Hathaway was highly appreciated. ¦. Clara
Canfield, a singer of lullabies, has a pleas
ing voice, and "Maud Still, the pretty and
pleasing singing and . dancing soubrette
scored a hit. Ouhama. a Japanese jug
gler, gave a mystifying performance- lit
tle Jennie Metzler, the talented child per
former; was cute' in her specialties and!
Nellie Bruce, from the London music
halls, was excellent in her- contortion
dances. Hinrlchs' orchestra was up to Us
usual mark. ; , .
Officers of Burlingame Club.
The ' following officers were re-elected
for the ensuing term at a meeting of the
Burling'ame Country Club last week at
Burlingame: .President. George A. New
hall; vice president, Henry T. Scott; sec
retary and treasurer, A. B. Ford; direc
tors—George A. Newhall. J. A. Folger," F.
S. Moody, T. L. Driscoll. A. H. Payspn,
F. J. Carolanl W. R. Tubbs, A. B.Fofd,
H. T. -¦Scott, J.- Kruttschnitt, J. L. Rath
bone and G.A.Pope.. • .' .;
The 6econd trial of Alfred McLaughlin
en" the charge of assault to murder was
commenced before a jury in Judge Law
lor's court yesterday. At the first triaf
1n Judge Cook's court the Jury disagreed.
The defendant and his brother Daniel are
accused of murderously attacking Police
Sergeant Lewis in Thomas Bryant's
houpe. Twenty-fifth ana" Rhode island
FtreetP. on March 1<5. The witnesses ex
amined yesterday were Corporal Russell,
who made a diagram of the scene of the
rsKault.- and Dr. B. F. Williamson, who
attended Lewis. Lewis was on the stand
when court adjourned.
McLaughlin Again on Trial.
Orpheum.
The versatility of Miss Alexandra Dag
mar Is -t'catching" the Orpheum au
diences. Miss Dagmar appeared at her
best last " evening and rendered a pot
pourri that called for her fullest talent.
It included "I'd Leave My Happy Home
For You," "Jammo" - and a Swiss yodel
song. As usual her costumes were, to
use the apt word on the bill, "stunning. 1
There are two sketches on the bill this
week of unusual merit. "My Wife's
Presents," as presented by Oscar Sisson,
Ester Wallace and Stuart Hyatt, not
only bubbles with fun and humorous sit
uations, but points out to the man who
seeks fun during his wife's absence that
!t is best to be good, or in any event not
to get found out. Mr. and Mrs.. Alfred
Kelcy presented "In Trust." Its situa
tions are alternately humorous and pa
thetic, withal a story with a moral a"
story with a legitimate purpose. Hill and
Silvainy's deeds entitle them to a posi
tion among the world's greatest bicy
clists. Their act is spectacular. The
Esmonds, musical artists, are also new
this week. Their work in the classical
branch of music demonstrates their su
periority over the great .host of musical
specialists whose temples of fame are
builded on foundations of ragtime. Hugh
Stanton and Florence Modena began their
second week in "A- Bargain Fiend " The
Molasso-Salvaggi troupe of dancers the
Standard Quartet and many interesting
biograph pictures complete one of the
best bills of the summer.
The ever popular drama, "Monte Cris
to," as played by the stock company at
the Central, attracted a, large audience
last evening. The trials and tribulations
cf the famous character of French fiction
drew the loudest applause of the season.
James M. Brophy in the title role was
rewarded with many curtain calls and
cheers. Brophy gave a. spirited rendi
tion of the role. Juliet Crosby played
Mercedes, and the sympathy of every
man and woman in the audience was
accorded to the actress for her clever
performance. Nortier ; was played by
William Blackmore in thrilling fashion
The balance of the cast was fully in
keeping with, the work 'of the principals.
The scenic "effects were good and cos
luming correct. This is the last week of
Brophy's engagement and his admirers
are likely to give him a series of ova
tions nightly. __¦].. ..
Central.
In. passing sentence the Judge said that
midnight burglaries where people are in.
danger of their lives must be stopped and
there was only one way to put an end to
them. If the prior convictions against the
defendant" had not been withdrawn he
would have sentenced him to life impris
onment. The fact of a defendant plead
ing guilty would not make any difference.
The defendant's mother was ' in court
and when sentence was pronounced she
fainted. When she recovered she turned
to Detective Dinan and said, "Now I sup
pose you a t e satisfied.". "
Albert. Abernathy, the young burglar
who pleaded guilty in Judge Cook's court
to a charge of having broken into the
grocery of Henry Daesking, 1 Polk street,
on the night of June 8, appeared for sen
tence yesterday. The ; Judge sentenced
him to serve fourteen , years in State's
prison. At the prisoner's request, San
Quentin was named as the place of con
finement.
Withdrawn Sentence Would
Have Been Life.
If Prior "Convictions Had Not Been
The Civil Service Commission has de
cided on another examination for inspec
tors of complaints to be attached to the
Board of Public Works. The examination
•will be held on August 22 at 2 p. m. in the
chamber of th* Civil Service Commission
in the City Hall. The t«me for filing appli
cations closes August 19 at 5 p. m. Tlfe
examination will, cover a general knowl
edge of the duties of the positions to be
filled, correct writing of renorts and'gen
eral clerical experience. It is expected
that there will be a large number of appli
cants, as the positions pay salaries of $125
and the duties are light and agreeable.
Civil Service Examination.
ABERNATHY GETS TE1T
. . YEARS FOB BURGLARY
"Camille" was revived at the Alcazar
Theater last night by Florence Roberts,
supported by White TVhittlesey and the
memters of the stock company. The
cozy theater was crowded, proving that
this sentimental, drama has lost none of
its attractiveness. Camille is' perhaps
one of the- strongest and most effective
roles in Miss Roberts' repertoire, and last
night she was accorded the most gener
ous and thoroughly deserved applause
from the large audience. There is no
question of her superiority in scenes
where pathos is required. The scene
known as "the sacrifice," in the third
act. was admirably portrayed by h"r
and Barton Hill, who gave a faultless
rendition of the part of Monsieur Duval.
No less effective and convincing was the
scene at' the fete in the fourth act be
tween her and her lover. Armand . Du
val, in which White Whittlesey scored
a pronounced hit. They had to respond
to several curtain calls before the en
thusiasm of the audience subsided. Lu
cius Henderson was the Count de Var
ville; Carlyle Moore, Gaston RIeux; Paul
Gerson, Gustave; Marie Howe, Mme. Pru
dence; Georgie Cooper, Nichette; Lil
lian Armsby, Nanine, and Agnes Ran
ken, Olympe. • ¦
Alcazar.
The Board of Health will endeavor to
have a law passed at the next meeting of
the Legislature compelling young men in
pood circumstances to make provision for
their Indigent parents. As things are now
any number of children shirk the burden
of their responsibilities, and the result is
that a large number of aged persons make
application to be admitred to the Citv and
County Almshouse who have children who
are -well able to take care of them. This
has resulted in such a congestion at that
Institution that the Board of Health Is
forced to think up some plan to relieve it.
It is thought that such a law would be
very effective, as few sons would be will
ing to appear, in court as the defendant
in such a case.
Children Must Care for Parents.
Two characters in McCormick's revolu
tionary drama "The Tollgate Inn," play
ing at the Grand Opera-house, manage to
keep up the interest of the audience to
the end, and they are Poatchee, the half
breed, personated by Theodore Roberts
and Ned Pennington. by Frank Mathieu
There is a subordinate third. Captain
Snell, the traitor. Indifferently acted with
a London accent by Herbert Ashton. The
play is an episode of redcoats and conti
nentals, in which patriotism, murder and
love-making .are the salient elements. Mr.
Roberts' Indian pleased the audience
mightily; and they rang up the curtain on
him several times last night to clap hands
at his artistic work. It is the gem of the
performance. Next In the affections of
the house is Frank Mathieu, who shows
up with all the dash and fire of youth in
brilliant contrast with the almost . too
quiet walking, gentlemanly role of Colonel
Maitland, by E. J.- Morgan.. Katherine
Grey has much work to do as Hiram's
daughter, the maid who seems to love two
men but who chooseo the colonel in the
wind-up, when virtue triumphs and the
villain ceases to pursue her. ' Miss Van
Buren, pretty, graceful and fetching is
cast in a secondary place. • '
Grand Opera-House.
The hearing of the application for a re
straining order in the case of Albert
Rauch vs. the Hotel and Restaurant Em
ployes' International Alliance et al. was
continued yesterday by United States Cir
cuit Judge Morrow until to-morrow morn-
Ing.
Restraining: Order Case Goes Over.
running play, and its popularity is
firmly established with the patrons of the
Bush-street playhouse. .'
conscientiously acting the part as well as
singing it. From the first to the last fall
of the curtain there was no break in the
succession of recalls at the end of each
act. All the company worked hard and
sang well. SteindorfC's baton kept the
ensemble true. Earbareschi's opening
song was especially good in treatment.
This evening tne opera will be "Lucia di
Lammermoor," with Repetta as Lucia
a . , , Russo as Edgardo. "II Trovatore"
will be given Wednesday, Friday and Sat
urday evenings. -
Here she touches highest pathos.- her
work a marvel of strength and delicacy.
The scene Is almost too pitiful for por
trayal, and she spare one nothing of its
plli fulness. The house simply rose to
its feet when It got its breath, in remem
bering that it was only a play, and
cheergd the young actress for all it was
Miss Anglin Is excellently supported.
Charles Richman shares honors with her
in his part of Sir Daniel Carteret. the
lawyer, his quiet naturalism doing every
thing necessary for Its most adequate
rendering. Miss Hornick, a clever Cali
fornia girl, comes back to us an accom
plished actress and gave a stunning and
chic nicture of Lady Eastney. Mrs. Bul
som-PortPr w ; as given , with admirable
emphasis by Miss May Brooke, and pretty
Miss Dale was a delightful Scotch girl,
innft Colnuhoun. '
Mr. Backus does Mrs. Bulsom-Porter's
husband to our and his evident..pleasure,
and W. H. Crompton is the smug ecclesi
astic. Canon Bowser, to the It|e. Wal
lace Worsley. Stanley Dark. George Os
borne Jr.. fill admirably their respective
roles of Lionel Carteret, James Rlsby and
Fendick, the detective. GUISARD.
The part of Mrs. 'Dane is one that most
actresses would gladly attempt and as
lamentably fail in. Margaret Anglin—
bravo! Margaret Anglin! — has succeeded,
and at a bound has placed herself with
the Bernhardts and Fiskes and such like
pictures of the role emotional. Miss An
glin's metier of- high comedy has left one
quite without expectancy for the kind of
work she does in Mrs. Dane. Her third
scene, her cross-examination by the law
yer, where she lies, lies, lies, to save love
for herself, getting more and more hope
lessly entangled and hysterically con
scious of it, recalls even the "La Tosca"
torture scene 111 its strength and painful
ness. »
pleasant lady discovers something of the
truth about Mrs. Dane, and with a very
evident hatred of the sinner bids her go
and sin— in some other village. She suc
ceeds eventually In driving her from Sun
ningwater. from her newly found friends,
from a man ¦whom she has lftrned to love
as worthi^' as her kind can and from her
hope of a new life. By an ingenious and
rather cruel device of * the playwright,
Mrs. Porter is made to eat her own words
and dies (presumably) without the blessed
corsciousness that she was in the right
of it after all. It should be here said that
the dangerous and difficult subject matter
of the play is handled with utmost deli
cacy, thai the audience supplies the
"past" and the moral.
As in "The Case of Rebellious Susan,"
from which Mr, Jones has freely taken
some of his characters— for their better
development— the 'moral is left hang'ng
in the air. Only at the end is any sug
gested, when Mrs. Dane asks despairing
ly. "What is it that is driving me from
you all? Why cannot 1 stay; why are
you so unkind? I have been found out;
that is it."
"It is not we who are unkind, the law
yer says, "not I. your friend, nor Lady
i-astnery here, who has been fighting. for
you all 'week. It is the law that neither
you nor I made. The law, that we should
all gladly break, for we are all sinners;
but it is the law."
THE "TWO MARGARETS" AT THE COLUMBIA THEATER IN HENRY ARTHUR JONES' GREAT PLAY, "MRS.
DANE'S DEFENCE." FOR WHICH A RECORD BREAKING RUN IS PREDICTED. RUSSO, AT THE TIVOLI,
IS PROVING A GREATER FAVORITE THAN HE WAS LAST YEAR.-
The matter was reported to the police
and detectives were detailed on the case,
but the thief is still at large.
The clerk waited for some, time and as
the man with the diamonds did not ap
pear ventured to gaze into the room. To
his surprise there was no sign of an in
valid, and it dawned upon him that he
had been cleverly duped. , • ,, ,
The clerk went. with him to a lodging
house on Polk street, where he was told
towait in a room while the- prospective
purchaser went into an adjoining apart
ment, which he claimed was occupied by
his sick wife.
Shortly after 8 o'clock last night the
man who got away with the diamonds en
tered the jewelry store under the St. Nich
olas Hotel. /He told the proprietor he
wished to see <¦ some diamond rings! as he
wanted to make his i sick wife a present.
He selected two, from the trayful shown
hint by thp jeweler and then requested
him to alloyvyliis clerk to accompany him
to his wife's rooms, so that she could
make a selection.
A clever but shop-worn swindle was
worked on' a Market-street jeweler, last
night by a middle aged, well dressed man.
The jeweler is out the value of two dia
mond rings, worth about $65 each, and the
police, are at a loss to locate the thief.
on Dealer.
Secures Two Diamond Rings by
Working an Old-Time Dodge
Christian Anderson, a non-union team
ster living at 510 Jersey street, secured a
warrant from Judge Cabaniss yesterday
for the arrest of Charles Jasper. Timothy
Killeen and three other striking team
eters on the charge of battery. Anderson
was attacked, it is alleged, by five men at
Market and Stockton streets Saturday
night and badly beaten with brass
knuckles and other weapons. He had to
be taken to the Receiving Hospital. At
torney Joseph Coffey procured the war
rant.
Claims He Was Beaten.
WELL-DRESSED MAN DUPES
v MARKET-STREET JEWELER
Discovery Made by De-
tective Armed With
Search "Warrant."
Detective Ryan succeeded yesterday In
locating a. portion of . a consignment of
carpets valued at $2000 that was stolen
from the Indianapolis Furniture Company
at 750 Mission street on March 16 of the
present year. He secured a search war
rant in Judge Cabaniss' court and when
he visited the ' place where "the stolen
property was supposed to have been
stored was rewarded by finding a portion
of it. As yet the thieves have not been
apnrehended. but warrants ¦will probably
be"procured for their arrest to-day.
On the night of March 16 the large store
room of the furniture company was en
tered and looted. Some of the carpets
taken were 'among the most valuable In
stock and the robbers profited handsome
ly by their haul. They must have used
an express wagon, which they drove
around to the rear of- the store and loaded
with their booty. ¦ • "
The police were at once notified and De
tective Ryan took charge of the case. He
was unable for some time to get on the
track of the burglars or locate their loot.
About one week ago. however, he ob
tained a clew that a portion of the stuff
had been stored In a house in the imme
diate neighborhood, and accordingly ap
plied for the search warrant yesterday.
He found that he was on the correct trail
and discovered about $300 worth of carpet
which the furniture people identify as a
portion of that which was taken from,
their storeroom.
Meeting of A. O. IT. W. Lodges.
There was a good attendance last night
In the hall of Bernal Lodge of the Ancient
Order of United Workmen, at: Valencia
and Sixteenth streets. The occasion was
a district meeting of Bernal, Crocker, Noe
Valley, Eureka Valley, Excelsior, Golden
West and Bay View lodges. There were
many ladies present. In addition to ad
dresses by Brother York of the extension
committee and Grand .Recorder Spencer
on the work of the order, there was an
interesting programme of music, songs,
fancy dancing and recitations contributed
by J. Finney. Gertie Brown, Florence Fe
gan. Gertie Reed, Dollie Fegan and Grand
Receiver Sam Booth. Dancing followed
the programme. Brother Herzog of the
extension committee was the master of
ceremonies. % ¦
To Educate Deaf Childern.
The parents of deaf children will hold a
meeting this evening at 522 Oak street for
the purpose of effecting a permanent or
ganization for furthering the inter
ests of oral education to their off
spring. All parents and others inter
ested In this matter are cordially invited
to attend. • -¦ ¦
Circuit Court of Appeals.
The United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals held a session , yesterday, with
Judges Morrow "and De Haven on" the
bench. No business of importance was
transacted, and the court took an ad
journment until August 19.
When the telephone message was re
ceived at the Southern Station that a man
in room 30. 906 Market street, wanted to
be taken home, as he was afraid of strik
ers, the officers thought a non-union man
had been eorralod anu needed their aid.
They were considerably surprised on their
ai rival at the address given to find that
the iriEn who appealed so pitifully over
the nhene was a special officer named
Reed. They were a disgusted lot of po
licemen, but they bundled the quaking
special into the patrol wagon and took
him to his home at 327 Clementina street.
That they did not stop to tuck him safely
in bed was because of their anxiety to be
rid of their charge.
The spectacle of three of Chief Sul
livan's finest escorting a special police
man, armed with pistol and club and a
five-pointed star to his home was one of
the queer scenes to be met with last
night. That he was escorted home was
due to the fact that in telephoning to the
Southern station he did not mention- that
he was a special policeman.
Men Be Sent to Take Him
Home.
SPECIAL OFFICER ASKS
FOB, POLICE PROTECTION
Telephones to Station and Asks That
' The meeting of ministers also passed a
resolution strongly Indorsing the decision
of the Southern Pacific Railroad to close
the bars on the ferry-boats, and Rev. Dr.
Beard of Grace Church was authorized to
draft a .copy of the resohrtion and pre
sent the same to President Hays of the
railroad company.
Rev. Dr. Harris, president of the Jap
anese Mission, was in the chair and th«
chief topic of discussion was a proposed
Invitation to Rev. Dr. Wilbur J. Chap
man of New York City to, give a series
of evangelical addresses in San Francisco.
The various speakers who took part In
the x discussion were strongly in favor of
inviting Dr. Chapman to this city, and
the matter was referred to a joint com
mittee that Will report to the next meet
ing of the Union of Ministers.' which will
be held at. the Young Men's Christian As
sociation on Monday.- August -19.
The Rev. Dr. Wilbur J. Chapman is In
charge of the Winoha League Association
that recently held a large meeting in In
diana, at which delegates of the Presby
terian church assembled in large numbers.
Dr. Chapman is now uastor of a New
York church and was formerly pastor of
Bethany Church of Philadelphia, where
John D. "Wanamaker, the millionaire, wor
shiped. ¦. . . . . ¦ . ¦
! A meeting was held, yesterday morning
at the rooms of the Young Men's Chris
tian Association of the local ministers of
the Congregational, Presbyterian and
Methodist churches.
Prominent Eastern Divine May Ho
Invited to Deliver Series
of Lectures.
STOLEN CARPET
IS RECOVERED
TJNION. OF MINISTERS
HOLDS WEEKLY MEETING
. The quarry plunged into Clack's saloon,
near by. Collins stood with the smok
ing revolver in his hand, and had a
policeman come along he would surely
have been .arrested.
Mystery surrounds the little affair be
tween the man who ran and the one who
pursued. About* 6 o'clock they began
to quarrel on Market street opposite the
nay store. It was a quiet evening, and
Collins, who learned to enjoy a good
mill when he had something to say about
issuing prize-fight permits as a member
of the board, leaned against the door
and hoped. He got more fun than hjs
highest expectations caused him to pic
ture. , One of the men knocked the other
down. The latter sprang ur> with drawn
revolver and. fired a shot at his assail
ant, who started on a run across the
street. The man with the revolver r>ur
sued. ready to shoot again. Collins
bravely rushed out and grappled with they
pursuer, securing him and the revolver.
The owner of the weapon, being released
by Collins, who didnn't want him, dis
appeared at once.
... George TV. .Collins, ex-Supervisor, who
manages the hay business of W. W. Case
& Co. at Market and Haight streets,
boldly captured a would-be murderer last
evening and he still retains the revolver
.that the man who would have slain a
fellow being was brandishing. ' *
CollinsV nerve in making the capture
and" disarming the man who was after
human gore is made noteworthy by the
fact that the infuriated gentleman be
hind ¦ the "gun" was not nourishing it
merely for fun. He had already fired one
ineffective shot at his intended victim
and was close upon the latter's heels,
ready to send another ball after him;
when Collins rushed out and took pur
suer and pistol.
The San Francisco Athletic Club was
granted permission to hold an amateur
boxing exhibition on August 16.
The clerk was directed to advertise for
bids for furnishing book type writing ma
chines to the Recorder's office.
A petition was filed by C. D. Salfield re
questing the passage of an ordinance pro
hibiting the conducting of primary grade
classes of the public schools above the
second floor above the basement of any
building: also prohibiting the conducting
of any grade in the basement or lowest
floor of any building. Referred to the
Fire Committee.
The Board of Works was authorized to
sell the old fire engine-house on Howard
street, near Third.
The ordinance making it unlawful to
conduct carpet-beating works, tanneries
or Ehoddy mills within certain limits was
defeated on final passage, and Dwyer gave
notice of a reconsideration.
The protest of the M. Morgenthau Com
pany against the paving of the roadway
of Potrero avenue, between Twenty-first
and Twenty-second streets, with bitumin
ous rock was referred to the Street Com
mittee. .
The roadway of Sixteenth street, be
tween Dolores and Church streets, was
conditionally accepted.
The petition of the West of Castro
Street Improvement Club to compel Gray
Bros, to operate their rock crusher and to
do their blasting In the quarry at Twen
ty-sixth and Douglass streets In such a
manner that property will not be injured
and that persons may occupy their homes
in safety was referred to the Health Com
mittee.
The ordinance permitting the sale cf
ekliamed milk as such, and prohibiting It
to be carried in wagons containing
"whole" milk was finally passed.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday be
gan preparations to defend the suit
brought by the Spring Valley Water Com
pany to determine the legality of the
water rates which were fixed by ordin
ance. A resolution was adopted which di
rects the clerk of the board to furnish to
the City Attorney, a transcript of all the
proceedings relative to the fixing of the
rates, eo that proper legal defense may
be prepared.
George W. CoIKd's Keeps the
Weapon as Memento of
an Adventure.
HENRY ARTHUR JONES has
¦written a great play. Marparet
Anglin is a great actress and the
Empire Theater Company is an
unqualified success; such was
the verdict of last night's audience at the
Columbia Theater at the giving of "Mrs.
Dane's Defence."
Oh, but it is clever! The little country
village of Sunningwater, with its world
over types, Mrs. Grundy, Mrs. Bulsom-
Porter; the incarnate spirit of compro
mise, Canon Bonsey; the law legal, Sir
Daniel Carteret; the beautiful sinner who
has committed the crime of being found
out, Mrs. Dane; the youthful idealist.
Lionel Carteret; the ingenue. Janet Col
quhoun; the kindly woman of the world,
Lady Eastner, who achieves Christ-like
ness through what Canon Bonsey would
term her latidudinarian views, and the
old, old rest of them.
All portraits these, drawn with a few
sure, strong touches, with never a false 1
tone or accent throughout, and posed in
the "picture with an inspired sense of dra
matic light and shade. Quite devoid of
theatricalism Is "Mrs. Dane's Defence,
but withal intensely dramatic, with the
drama largely played by the audience, ex
cept in the wonderful third act. The play
wright, with a positive genius of direct
ness, plunges Immediately into the heart
of his subject, placing his audience en
rapport with the story right from the be
ginning, and from the beginning to the
end— no! the end is anti-climax— but almost
to the end. holds them with caught breath
and a pull at the heart.
Mrs. Dane is a woman with a past— the
usual kind of past— beautiful, rich, young,
charming, who has come to the village of
Sunntngwater to "live it down," her own
memory of. It only, for it is known to no
one there. Being what she is, and without
visible ancestry, she arouses the jealousy
and suspicion of Sunningwater's society
leader, Mrs. Bulsom-Porter, who is every
thing that Mrs. Dane is not.
This ferociously respectable and un-
Ordinance Permitting Sale of
Skimmed Milk Is
/v Passed.
Captures an Angry Man
Who Holds a Smok
ing Revolver.
City Attorney Furnished
With Supervisors'
Proceedings.
American Actress Shows Splendid Genius in "Mrs. Dane's Defence."
"Monte Cristo" Elaborately Presented at the Central--- 4t Il
Trovatore" Is Beautifully Sung at Tivoli to a Crowded House
EX-SUPERVISOR
DISPLAYS NERVE
WILL DEFEND
WATER RATES
AUDIENCE AT COLUMBIA COMPARES
MARGARET ANGLIN TO BERNHARDT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY^ AUGUST 6, 1901.
5
COMPANY'S EXTRACT
of Beef simplifies sick room
¦cookery. A cup of rich beef
tea in a minute, before the
/invalid's fancy for food has
passed away.
' The genuine always f " «¦, f^
bear* thia signature Jr*C^E-* ~4>*<&a
inbluo: y &\
hSmS^BBj| RjJ Bv^sV^ZZa H^iw PfSj W£4ff
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Felf & Co., makers, Philadelphia.
Fels-Naptha, no fire; no fire,
- : ¦ ¦ \ • : ¦ - • ¦ . . . x
no;steam; ; no steam, no smell of
the wash all over the house; and
the wash. is cleaner than ever. ¦
The money-back soap.
/ ADVERTISEMENTS.
' To the ATLIN, WHITE HORSE. HOOT A-
LINQUA. BIG SALMON. STEWART*RIVER.
KLONDIKE and YUKON MINING DIS-
TRICTS. . . • ' ¦ . i ¦¦:.-;. "
Ocean steamers connecting with rail "-line at
Skaguay. Alaska.
DOUBLE DAILY TRAIN SERVICE 'BE-
TWEEN SKAGUAY AND "WHITE HORSE.
Special Steamer from "White Horse to Hoota-
llnqua and Big Salmon mines.
Direct connection made at WHITE HORSE!
WITH BRITISH YUKON NAVIGATION
COMPANY'S FLEET OF FINE STEAMERS
,TO DAWSON. ;• ...
Connections made at DAWSON FOR ALL
LOWER YUKON RIVER POINTS..
' For freight over this route, quick dispatch Is
assured ; to the traveler, . comfort and quick
time. ' ¦ ¦ " . ¦
The White Pass and Yukon Route Is th«
Summer Tourist's Paradise. ¦
iE.C. HAWKINS. General Manager. Seattle.
Wash. • • ¦ ¦¦ - ¦ ¦ •¦¦ ¦ , ¦. ; - .-
• J. . FRANCIS LEE, Traffic Manacer. , •
Skaguay, Alaska : Seattle, "Wash.
:':'. M.:P. BRASCH. Com. Asent.
536 Market st., City.
WfllTEPASSAND
YUKON ROUTE.
Mrs. C. H. Buck. 2323 Douglas street.
Omaha, Neb., writes:
"I have used Peruna and can cheerfully
recommend it as being the best remedy
for catarrh and general debility that I
have ever used."— Mrs. C. H. Buck.
Miss Lillian Roenheld of the Chicago
Germania Club, Chicago, 111., writes:
"Last winter .my nervous system be-
came so overtaxed from constant over-
work -with my vlolln'that my right side
seemed partially paralyzed. . . ,
"After giving me a couple of prescrip-
tlons without effect, my physician ad-
vised me to try Peruna, which effected ¦>
speedy and permanent cure. - . - ,
"Although the past year has been a
severe tax on me Peruna has kept m«
strong: and vigorous." — Lillian Koenheld.
Dr.- Hartman, the famous specialist on
female catarrhal diseases, has made ar-
rangements to treat all women who apply
to him during the summer months
fre9 of charge. For particulars, address
Dr. S. B. Hartman,. Columbus. Ohio.
OCEAN TBAVELb
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
¦« Steamers Iear* Broadway
li»k Wharf, San Francisco:
VvbsL^ F° r Alaskan port*— U a. ra..
KpSMfck. JuIy 15 - 20 - 25 - M - Au«u«t «.
SwPtsSsw* Change to compsn/i iteam-
E3\.E25\$« ers at S"™" 1 '- _
1 If^fiffl^ \al For v lc"> rl *. VaneotrreT (B.
faS»kZi<E ) a3 C), Port Townsend, Seattle.
r**»Eg**ai Tacoma. Kverntt. Anaeorte*
•*¦ and New 'Whatcom fWasn.) —
11 a. m.. July 15. 20, 18. t*»
Aug. 4. and every fifth day thereafter. Cbaac*
at Seattle for thin company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacom*
for N. P. Ry.I at Vancouver to C P. Ry.
For Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. m..
July 11. 16. 21. 26. 31. Aug. 6, and every flftH
day thereafter.
For Fan Diego, stopptnr only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Anjceles and Bedondo (Los Aa-
ireles)— Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 1 a. m.!
steamer State of California. Wednesdays. »
a. m.
For I»s Ang-Me*. calllnc lit Santa Crn*
Monterey. Fan Simeon. Cayncow. Port Harfom
(San Luis Oblspo). Oaviota. Fant* Barbara.
Ventura. Hueneme. Eart Pan Pedro. San P»-
dro and 'Newport ('Corona enly)— Steam«f
Corona. Saturdays. 9 a. m. : steamer Bonlta.
Tuesdays. 9 n. m.
For F.nsenafla. MAraale"* Bay. Ran Jo»» d«
Cabo. Maratlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)-lO a. to., "th eaeH
month.
* For further information obtain company^
foMers.
The comcanv reserves th« r:*ht to enanr»
st*nm»rs, palllnr Aat»* and hours of salllnjr
wl**nnt T«-»vlnti« notice.
TTCKF.T O^FirE-4 New Montgomery
street 'Palace Hoten.
GOODALI* PEPKTVSS * CO.. On. Acentn.
10 Marfc»t St.. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
Only ScwimoYai-n XjSz&« **»
PORTLAND, Or.,
And ."Sr-ort Rail LJ-»-» from PortlaiH ** *»TT
rnfnf* Fnst. Thron^.h flctcet* f<* all
point*. r-V ?-•»»' «¦ >«te -»t»«.M-» ¦*-,-% r-nli. at
1 . lcwest 3=«../v 1 x i :e:s.
STEAMER TICHET3 INCLUDE BERTH tad XXAM.
SS. COLUMBIA
Sails AW. 1. 1L M. M. Sept. 10. 20. »
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
Sails Au«r. 6. 16. 26. Sept. 5. 15. »
P.W.HITCHCOCK.GE>r.A>rt..l Montgm'y. 8.T.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
n»r First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calllnc at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board oa
day or sallin?.
FS. AMERICA MARTT... Saturday, Ang. 19, 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Wednesday. September 4. HOt
£P. NIPPON MARTJ. .Friday. September J7. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freipht and passage apply at company^ odc«,
421 Market *tr#et. corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
:iKV 'ORK. SOUTHAMPTON. K)f DOP. FIES.
Stopping at Cherbourg 1 , ¦westbound. - '
From New York Wednesdays, at 10 a- m.
Pt. Louts ..August 14 St. Louis Sept. 4
•Zeeland August 21 Philadelphia ...Sept. 11
St. Paul ..August 28 St. Paul Sept. IS
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp. •¦_.
From Ne'w York "Wednesdays, at 12 noon.
Kensington .".August 1 11 Southward Sept. 4
•Zeeland August 21 Vaderland Sept. 11
Frlealand August 28|Kenslngton Sept. 1J
•Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.' -.'?*
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
COMPAdNIE GENEKALE TBAKSATLAlfTIQUS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. * ,^.^
Sailing every Thursday, Instead of -tjtfjf^m
Saturday, at in a. m., from pier 42. S4WCll
North River, foot of Morton street: *1/Aquj-
talne. August 15; La Normandle. August 22:
La Bretagne, August 29; La Champagne, Sep-
tember 5.
First c?8?s to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, S45 and upward.' GENERAL
AGENCY/ FOR UNrrRD STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broad wav /Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
A cents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
•Twin .Screw Express Steamers.
oceanics.s.co.is|f
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti.....
"Wednesday, August 7. 10 a. in.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu only....:...
Saturday. August 10. 2 p. m.
S. S. SONOMA fvia Honolulu), for Samoa.
New Zealand and Australia
Thursdnv. August ?2. 1« ». n.
J, D. SP3ECXELS k BBSS. CO., Gsnaral Agents. 327 Bartot St
Gen'l Passengsr Qffiss, 643 ttirbt St., Fur lo. 7. Pacific it
PANAMA R. R, Sf
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. $103; Steerage. *40; Meals Free.
S. S. Argyll • nails Won * iyi An*. !•>
S. S. Leelanaw *»>ls Monday. Aug. 28
S. S. Arftvll sii's Tuesday. Sept. 24
From Steuart street at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st.
¦F. F. CONNOR. Paclflo Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Pier 10. 12 m.
ACONCAGUA.. Aug. «|GUATEMALA..Aug. 22
PERU Aug. 1«|PALENA Sept.*
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama). Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street. .
BALFOUR. GCTHRIE &>X>- C*n. Agents.
BAY AND RIVER ' STEAMEBs!
'FoTlTsTNAVr^
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
9:43 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. ''Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 13:30 noon. S p. m.. except
Sunday. -Sunday, 7 a. m.. 4:15 p.m.- Fare 60
cents. Telephone Main 15C8.' Landing and of-
fice, 2, Mlsslon-st. dock. HATCW *>»~i
"About three months ago I contracted a severe aid at an evening reception, which
settled on my lungs and threatened to be very serious. As mv mother has med Peruna
with good resu.ts, she sent lor a botile fcr me and I found that it gave me blessed relief.
Before the second bottle was consumed I was well." — He'en Murphy.
Miss Helen Murphy, a popular society woman of Oshkosh, "Wls., Is an ardent
friend to Peruna. She writes as follows of Peruna:
¦ ¦» > ¦ :¦¦-•-_
Use Pe-ru-na for Cataprhal Derangements.
SOCIETY LADIES.
ADVEBTISEHENTS.Stops Diarrhoea and Stomach Cramps. Dr.
Siegarfs Genulce Imported Angostura Bitters.*
A' caterpillar' can . eat 600 times Its
weight of food In a month. ' • : -:
Dr. Sanf ord's -Liver Inviporator.
BestLlv* j Medicine, VcgetableCureforLlver Ills.
Biliousress, Indigestion; Constipation, Malaria.
Camp Curry,
Yosemite, introduced ! and maintains the mod
erate rates of ?2 per day. $12 per week; less
than $40 for an_ eleven-day trrp to Toeemlte
vla^the Big -Oak Flat route, . 630 Market, or
Santa Fe routs. 64L Market st. >' •
Here is a' new: and simple way.' to. over
come'the'difficulty,"' the invention of which
is to ;be^ accredited. to &¦ convivial young
scientistr Hold the neck of the bottle firm
ly- In ; your right hand, and with your left
hold a handkerchief against the , trunk of
a tree. Now, with a quick. blow hit the.
side of the tree covered with the handker
chief. The cork will immediately fly out.
Then turn the bottle upward, so the fluid
will not flow out after the cork. 'JaSSH
No doubt you have found yourself in the
predicament of having forgotten the cork
screw, and you are out In the fields trying
to get a draught from a cold bottle.
UNCORKING A-BOTTLE'
The.SauJa Fe to Merced and stage thence
via Merced , Falls, Coultenrille, Hazel Green
Merced Big ; Trees, Cascade . Palls and Bridal
Veil Falls,- arriving «t Sentinel Hotel at 5 the
next. afternoon. This Is the most popular route
and the rates are the lowest- Ask at 641 Mar
ket st. for particulars and folder..
Best Way to tb.e Yosemite.
Germany. Russia.
Battle ships, first class ....;: ,13 23
Battle ships, second class, ,?T.... 4 1
Coast defense ships 8 -18
Armored cruisers g j2
Cruisers,, first class ¦. g ji[ *.
Cruisers, second class 23 23
Cruisers, third class • 21 9
Gunboats, seagoing »1 "' 9
Gunboats, river 7- " 18
Transport and dispatch 1 jj
Tugs, repair, . water, coal, hospi
tal and special service boats... 51 » ;,?
School and training ships. :i 14 % 9
Subsidized and auxiliary ships... 12 . 34
Hulks and obsolete ships...' gs go
Torpedo boat destroyer*. .„.. 24 . 33
Torpedo boats, first class. .J..... 85 S3
Torpedo boats, second and third
classes ..•...„ 56 n
O ffl cers ". j, 169 | >38 3>
Enlisted men 25,599 J7.1IM \
Heavy guns :.....: 303 M
Secondary and machine euns.... 1.C0
NAVAL. FORCES— R. K., City. The
following^ shows the number of vessel3,
men and' guns in the German and the*
i^ussian navies in December, 1900:
The man who elbows past women for
the purpose of getting a seat in the car
never, crowds "a lady out of her pew in
church. . • ; y
Special: information daily to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042 • '
Cal. glace fruit 50a per.lu at Townsend's.*
Choice candies. Townsend's, Palace JHotel*
'marked with his initials. E. A;, and be
low U. S., for United States. One of the
Government employes, new at his task,
asked the meaning of TJ. S. and was jocti
larly told that the letters stood for Uncle
Sam Wilson. This pleasantry was re
peated in various forms and Wilson was
congratulated on the extent of his prop
erty, ¦ as many cases . passing / through
there were so marked. The story spread,
took firm root and to-day the allusion Is
everywhere understood.
'TJNCLE sAm— A. C. S., City. The cam©
"Uncle Sam" originated as follows: Dur
ing the war of 1812 a man named Samuel
Wilson was Government Inspector at Troy
of pork and beef purchased by the Gov
ernment. The cases containing the pro- v
visions shipped to the Government by a *
contractor named Elbert Anderson were
Concerning the conclusions, and the moral to be
drawn from the affair it is said : "So the : more we
work and the less we talk, "the, better 'results we shall
get'; we have' had an imperial lesson; it will make us
an empire yet." * All of which may be true, but it ; is a
self-evident fact the lesjon isnot going to "make poets,
so if the British wish any more-rhyme on this * war
they had better advertise for proposals. ' ' I'
We have spent some hundred million pounds to prove
the fact once more . .. . •'•"¦¦ ¦'¦ .; •'
That horses are quicker* than men afoot since two and
two make four. ;•• - ,
And horses have four legs, and men have two legs" and
two into four goes twice; - •
AndViothtng over except our lesson and very cheap at
V*- jthe price."
-There is rhyme in that and probably reason also,
but it is hardly poetry, nor does the percentage of
poetry increase as the rhyme goes on to' state- in
detail what the lesson is that has been taught.' Kip
ling says: , . , : ; ¦> ;?,-, , '"'.. '..*¦' th ¦
Mr. Kipling . says the war has taught ' Britain a
lesson. She has had, ; as « he, says, "all her most holy
illusions knocked higher/ than GilderoyY kite." In
plain language he tells -his countrymen: "It was our
fault, and^our very great fault! and not, the judgment
of heaven; we made an army in our image on an*island
nine by seven, which faithfully mirrored its maker's
ideals, equipment and mental. attitude; and so we got
our-lesson and we ought to accepfit with gratitude."
KIPLING'S latest poem, "The Lesson," must be
very gratifying to Mr. Alfred Austin, for, if it
does not confirm Austin's right to the office of
Poet Laureate, it at least shows that Kipling has no
better right. ' '. In fact, it would seem that the Boers
have knocked all the~poetry out of British life, for
even. the imperialistic Kipling cannot sing in anything
better than a very' common kind of music-hall rhyme.
RUDYARD KIPLING'S LATEST.
Captain Leathers , was also one of , the
Louist aria State Commissioners to the
World's K"slr at Chicago. ,
Mrs. Leathers at once sent the passen
gers Into the cabin; took her place at the
wheel and ' remained'' there for . twenty
four,"hours until the Crescent City was
reached. The brave woman was literally
covered 'with soot, and cinders, but re
fused to leave her post until all her pas
sengers were safely landed. ¦
'In her • seafaring experience ' of nearly
ten years Mrs." Leathers has ' had her
share of wrecks and adventures. Several
years ago, when the •" old Natchez sank
near Vicksburg, Captain Leathers was on
board as a passenger and saved her. life
by swimming to shore.; ; ?}&!
One dark night a few. weeks ago the
plucky little captain's nerve was severely
tested. Her boat on its, down trip sud
denly, ran against a sandbar and broke
off both of the large" smokestacks. The
noiseand excitement; stampeded the pas
sengers and the sparks from the .dis
abled stacks, threatened the boat with
destruction by fire. ;¦ -
Mrs. Leathers is now in .command of
one of the largest steamboats on the
Mississippi — the Natchez, which makes
regular trips between New Orleans. and
Vlcksburg. She is thoroughly acquainted
with every detail of her profession, and
"can give any one of her crew points on
the proper way to bow-lash a line or
place a "stage." v _,
According to the census reports Mrs.
Blanche Douglas Leathers Is the only
licensed woman seg. captain in the United
States, says the New York World.
MEDICINE— W. N., City. One who is
not a physician may engage in selling
patent medicine without having a llcenso
required of medical men to practice med
icine. In San Francisco if he sold such
medicine at a fixed place of business he
would not require a municipal license, but
as to the whole United States this depart
ment cannot inform you. If, however, in
San Francisco you should peddle the med
icine you would be liable to pay a ped
dler's license, and If you should attempt
to practice medicine without a license
from the Board of Medical Examiners
you -would be liable to prosecution.
A Boston woman who was'too sick to attend the
funeral of her husband engaged a stenographer and a
photographer to take notes and pictures of the event
and make a report to her, and the incident is 1
ominous of the coming of a time when every family
will run its own newspaper. . .
WOMAN SEA CAPTAIN.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 5.— The following
Californians are registered at the Raleigh:
W. F. Dobbs, P. C. March, Miss Irene
Stevens and W. H. Smith of San Fran
cisco. . -
Californians in Washington.
BUT FOR A DAY— M. B., Tomales, Ca!.
The insect that lives but a day is called
the ephemera. If Js the linnaean genus
of neuropterous insects now forming the
family or tribe ephemerlde. They have
received their name from the brief dura
tion of their existence In the perfect
state, talcing no food, merely propagat
ing their species and dying. The ephe
mera,, when it leaves its grub life in tha
water and assumes a higher form, and
aerial existence, dies the very* day it was
born into its new life.
NEW YORK, Aug.' 5.— The following
Californians are in New York: From San
Francisco— Miss Boedefeld and P. M. Nip
pert at the Albemarle, J. J. Brown and A.
C. Leslie at the Cosmopolitan, Mrs. H. C.
Freeman at the Grand Union, W. C. Har
riman at the Murray Hill, Miss. M. Kent
at the Holland, M. Kolander at the Mor
ton, J. F. Major and wife at the Everett,
W. Ringrose at' the Herald Square, J. B.
Steenbach at the Imperial, A. Wocker and
wife at the Union Square.
From Los Angeles— G. A. Brown and T.
N. Canfield at the Cadillac.
From Santa Clara— H. T. Bond at the
Manhattan. \ * •.
Californians in New York.
PORCUPINE-S. P. R., West Oakland.
Cal. The porcupine, or hedgehog. Is a
genus of mammalia of the order rodentia
and family hystricidae. This family is re
markably characterized by an armature
of spines, which as to structure are mere
ly'thick and strong hairs. Its general as
pect is piglike and heavy. It has a grunt-
Ing voice, but has not. as you suppose,
wings. The German for porcupine is sta
cfcelschwein (thorn pig), in Italian it is
porco spinoso (pig with spines). In Latlri
porcus spinosus (thorny pig).
LINEN— S., City. This correspondent
writes: "A young lady is to be married to
a gentleman, fair-to-do, in Alameda, having
a spacious house of his own. where he
has been, with his father, living a bach
elor's life. Should the table and bed linen
be furnished by the bride or groom to
be?" A man who lives in a spacious house
and Is fair-to-do in Alameda County is
the one who ought to furnish all that is
requisite for the purpose of going to
housekeeping.
LIGHT THAT FAILED— C. A. S-.
Stockton, Cal. "The Light That Failed,"
written by Rudyard Kipling, which closed
with the marriaga of the hero and the
heroine, was the first version published.
The. reason that the author'- changed the
finale in the second version was that ha
did riot like the first.
3 WEDDING RINGS— Em., Oakland, Cal.
Wedding rings were used by the ancients
and • were placed on the third finger of
the left hand from a supposed connection
with a vein there with the heart. Ac
cording to Pliny, A. D. 61-115, they were
made of Iron. The first gold wedding
rings were used in the Tertullian period,
A. D. 220-240. ; ."I.',
Gotham— Yes; and I have noticed how
happy a man looks after he has gotten
outside of some of these places which ad
vertise a good square meal.— Yonkers
Statesman.
Church— Did you ever notice how happy
a. man looks after he has gotten outside of
a good square meal? /
"Well, when the real Hitemoff arrived
everybody wanted, to know who the fel
low was who had so shamefully violated
all the most sacred laws of good form."
"Yes."
"He proved to be one of the hired wait
ers."—Plain Dealer.
"Well?"
"Yes. The ladles who saw him enter
took him for Hitemoff, the Russian
Prince, and said,. 'How dellciously eccen
tric!' " . . .
"What! Before 6 o'clock?"
"The first man to arrive at the Bod-
Kins' reception wore evening clothes."
Of course, there, was no reason why not,
except that she was an extremely indo
lent girl; and thi3 we told her.— Detroit
Journal. .' • " ,. ; \
Mrs Bill— Before we were married Will
used to kiss roe sometimes a ' hundred
times In an evening! r ~ _," - .. -^
Mrs. Gill— And now?
"Oh,"sometimes he doesn't kiss me for
a week." . i>
« "What does he say to that?"
"Oh, he says the average is all right
yet."— Yonkers Statesman. .
"To-morrow," mused she. gazing with
her deep blue eyes into the glowing grate,
where, as the coals crumbled at the touch
of the flame, divers and sundry fantastic
forms seemgd to gather, only to disperse
again, "to-morrow I shall be More
over, I have been reared in "the strictest
of New England homes. .Why should I
not," then, write a novel dealing frankly
with the sex problem?" ¦.
"But I insist on mentioning it. I have
just been up in the mountains of Ken
tucky, and the stuff they call 'moonshine'
up there has an amount of genuine get
up-and-get to it which it is beyond the
power of poetry .to imitate. I withdraw"
the remark, sir, as a matter of justice to
the moonshine."— Washington Star.
"Don't mention the matter, colonel."
"Young man," said Colonel Stilwell, "I
want to offer an explanation to you. I
alluded to that poetry of yours as 'moon
shine.' "
The Leading . Lady— Why do you keep
bothering about -.the leading- juvenile?
Why. don't you try to take an interest In
the heavy man? He's wasted away to a
mere shadow on your account.— Chicago
Times-Herald.
The Soubrette— I don't see why our lead
ing juvenile doesn't try to get the old
man's part in this new play. It's the
best role of them all, and he could do it
without making up a bit. . .
Some English ministers still value de
grees conferred by so-called American
universities for a monetary consideration.
Recently one of these favored men an
nounced to the principal of a theological
seminary in England that he had received
the degree of D.D. "Was it honorary, or
given for special work you have done?"
said the principal. "Neither," answered
the" "Doctor." "It was .postgraduate."
"What do you- mean by that?'.'. The an
swer, given with simple sincerity, was,
"It was sent to me by post."—Congrega
tlonalist. .
Thomas Flint Jr., State Senator, rep
resenting Monterey and San Benito, is at
the Palace.
C. B. Greenwell, State Senator, repre
sentingthe district which embraces Santa
Barbara and Ventura, arrived in the city
last evening and registered at the Palace.
Among yesterday's arrivals in the city
was K. Max, who has just returned from
an extended trip through the East.
Carl G. Llndsey, an* attorney of Santa
Cruz and a member of the Governor's
staff, is at the California./ '
F. Elworthy is visiting the city after an
absence of twelve years. He Is staying
at the Golden West. -"-..-.-.. . . ;
Dr. Nat Green, a prominent physician
of Watsonville, is spending a few days at
the Grand.'.
Thomas Flint Jr. of San Juan is at the
Palace.
Judge E. C. Hart of Sacramento Is a
guest at the Grand.
. "W. H., Cleary, a mining man of San
Andreas, is at the Lick.
J. "W. Congdon, a mining man of Mari
posa, is a guest at the Lick.
¦ J. B. Crow, a rancher of Crows Land
ing, is registered at the Lick.
C. B. Greenwo.ll, the well-known politi
cian of Hncneme, is at the Grand.
A. M. McDonald," a mining, man of
Jamestown, is a guest at the Lick. «i
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
PEDRO— Subscriber, Newman, Cal. "A
and B are playing pedro. Each wants one
point to go out. A bid3 two. makes
high, jack and" game and B makes low;
which wins?" ask3 this correspondent. A
wins. He bid two, made all he bid and
more, too, and. having high, counts first,
for the count is high, low, jack, game and
pedro.
VEGETABLES— E. M. T.. City. This de
partment has not the space to give "the
qualities of all vegetables and the. effect
they have on the human system." Sug
gest that you go to the reference room of
the free public library, where you will
find treatise on food and dietetics. That
will give you the Information you desire.
wPERSONAL MENTION.
IT was announced in the Berlin cables several weeks ago that Emperor "Will
iam has commenced to let his beard grow and that he now, more than ever,
bore a striking resemblance to his father. The Call Is able to present a pic
ture of the German ruler, showing how he looks ¦with hla latest hirsute adorn
ment. The Emperor, in May of last year, began to modify somewhat the fierce
upward twist of his mustache, which he reduced to an angle of forty-five degrees.
About the same time he dismissed the imperial barber, Haby, who is said to have
become impudent and to have presumed to trade on his supposed' friendly rela
tions with the Emperor. It was also said then that the Emperor was about to
let his beard grow, and German barbers were in despair, for the fashion of wear
ing beards would become general and mean a loss of millions of marks to the
knights of the razor throughout the Empire. Emperor "William carried out his
determination, however, and now the barber fold of the Fatherland are kept
busier than ever before devoting their attention to the beard crops thaL'have put
in an appearance. *
SCIATIC STAY— S., City. Sciatic stay,
a term used on board of merchant ves
sels, la a strong rope fastened between
the main and foremast heads, wnen load
•lntT or unloading a traveling tackle la sus
pended to It, so as to bring it over tha
fore or main hatchway, as occasion de
mands.
V KAISER WILHELM HAS SET THE FASHION FOR BEARDS IN THE
GERMAN EMPIRE. HE RECENTLY BEGAN WEARING ONE, WHIOH
" GIVES HIM. A RESEMBLANCE TO HIS FATHER.
** FRUIT AND VEGETABLES—Subscrib
er, City. Those who are well Informed
say that there la no place In .San Fran
cisco "where one can obtain the total re
ceipts of green fruit and vegetables In San
Francisco during each month jof thQ
year." j^l'i* *'-:
extent, and thus the movement toward reform has
been actually started. Doubtless the adoption of 7 a
system of taxation similar, to that in France would
prove advantageous in limiting the evil as well as in
bringing in a considerable revenue to the community.
At any rate the persistency with which the Eastern
press is urging. the reform gives assurance that a
strong public sentiment will soon^be developed in
favor of it. When that sentiment is aroused a means
will-be found to rid the country and the cities of a
nuisance" which has been already too long tolerated.
It may be^.long time before American landscapes
and American cities are redeemed, from- the bill
posting and fence advertising nuisance, but sooner or
later the reform will be accomplished. Steps have
been already taken to restrict the nuisance to some
From Philadelphia a simila- complaint comes. The
Times says any American who returns home from a
prolonged sojourn abroad will-be struck by the great
number of advertising signS that desecrate every
available space, and by_ way of .abating the nuisance
it advocates the adoption in. Pennsylvania . of the
French system of taxing such forms of advertising.
"It-is a valuable privilege," says the Times, "in the
nature of a franchise like that which is given out. to
authorize the use of the streets by a railroad company
and other permits that bring benefits to private indi
viduals. It is worth. money to an advertiser to put up
a notice of his wares in a public place where thou
sands of people may see<it. Furthermore, it is in the
interest of dignity, art and an undefiled landscape that
these pasters and painters should not go about over
the face of the earth with a free hand."
The effect of unlimited bill-posting and fence adver
tising has been a renewal of the agitation in the East
for the enactment of laws to prevent any further per
petration of the nuisance. The New York Sun in
commenting upon the evil in and around the city says
illuminated signs have been placed along the Pali
sades, that the Brooklyn Bridge seems to exist only
for the sake of serving as. a framework on, which to
hang the names of all sorts of articles of commerce,
and that electric light advertising has reached the
limit or^ Broadway. It adds: "It is reasonable to
resent anything which takes from the beauty of a
piece of scenery, or anything which takes from the
dignity of a city's principal thoroughfare. If we have
the right to protection from discomforting noise, why
should we not have some protection from what jars
us through the sense of sight?"
WHEN the French were preparing for "the
Paris Exposition of 1900 they sought to add
to the attractiveness not only of their," capi
tal'but of their whole country by strictly forbidding
anything in the way of bill-posting mrisances^either
around the exposition, grounds or about the stations
of the railways by^which visitors reached the city.' In
that way they furnished the civilized world with an
example of reform that was widely commented upon
and did much to encourage the figKt against such
nuisances elsewhere. In Buffalo something like an
opposite course appears to have been pursued, and
as a result the poster advertising around Niagara
Falls is said to have been carried to such an extent
as to seriously detract from the enjoyment of the
visitors. *' *
BILL-POSTING NUISANCES.
CAMP MERRITT— E>. I* I>., City. It la
stated that' the greatest number of sol
diers at Camp Merrltt at one time was In
the latter part of June, 1898. -when there
were 14,062 In the city of tents. .
CONCEALED WEAPON— J. B. R.. City.
No one has a right In the city and county
of San Francisco to carry a deadly
weapon concealed without a permit, as
required by law.
.It is said to have been decided that Edward's new
title will be that of "King of Great Britain and Ire
land and of British .possessions beyond the' sea," so
it would seem all the reports that he intends to have
himself crowned emperor were just a little bit unre
liable. " : ¦ : ; ... ¦ '
STEAM RAMS- 8., City. The steam ram
to be used In naval warfare was Invented
by an Englishman named James Nasmyth
In 1838, and communicated to the British
Admiralty In IMS. ..
THE MOON— J. A. S., Merced, Cal. Tha
mean synodlcal revolution of the moon or
the period frqm new moon to new moon la
29 days 12 hours 44 minutes 2.87 seconds.
CUSTETt— L. W. Z., Mllford, Lessen
County, Cal. General George A. Custer
was slain by Sioux Indiana June 25, 1876,
on Little Bis Horn River.
STREET GRADE — Subscriber," City.
The grade at the Intersection of Oak and
Devlsadero streets In San Francisco la 172
feet above hlsrh tide mark.
CAKNEGIB IN SCOTLAND-I* "W. Z..
Mllford, Lassen County, Cal. The homo
of Andrew Carnegie In Scotland 13 Sklbo,
Castle Ardgay, N. B.
A FEBRUARY DATE-F., City. The
14th of February, 1863, fell on a Saturday.
IN ANSWER
TO QUERIES BY
CALL READERS
It would seem that : to any intelligent man that . ar
gument would, be conclusive. A pestilence is popu
larly, supposed to be something of which a good many
people die, and consequently one of the proofs that
may. be required of a- crank who asserts that a pesti
lence exists in, a given community is a showing that
some one has died of it in that locality.
It is probable this bubonic plague story will go
floating around inj the East for a long time. Fortu
nately for us it. his 'become comparatively harmless!
Travelers are not shunning the city, arid but for an
occasional reference to the subject in the Eastern
press we would not know that doctors were still talk-'
ing about it. When truth sets out- to overtake false
hood it has a hard task. In'the end truth lives and
falsehood dies, but the end is often a' very long time
coming.
have conspired together to conceal the truth has been
asserted before. It may.- be true! ' But if it be true,
it is also plain that its spread has been slow. If it ex
isted there to theVexteht and with the': degree of
malignity observed. in the cities of India or at Cape
Town it would seem to be impossible to conceal the
facts." 'tfW-:^ " '. ¦•:¦¦¦' r, ,/ ' ¦ ¦
"These doctors say that it is prevalent in San Fran
cisco;- that many deaths (how many?) have occurred
there, and that it is in New York and at other points.
That it has been lurking in San "Francisco for several
months, and that city. State and national authorities
Some of the Eastern papers give a ready credence
to these reports, but fortunately most of them do not.
Knowing how thoroughly, the United States is coy^
ered by various agencies for. gathering news, the more
intelligent papers point ouf that if there were any
thing like a serious pestilence in this city the fact of
its Existence could not be suppressed. Thus the Bos
ton Herald in commenting upon the statements of the
alarmists says:
ONE of the curiosities of the silly season in the
East is the, persistency with wiiich certain
persons who ought to know better are repeat
ing the assertion that bubonic plague exists in San
Francisco, and that there is danger it may spread
throughout the country. These cranks, for they de
serve no better title, have lately taken to declaring
that the authorities in this city-have combined in a
sort of conspiracy to suppress the truth, and upon
that declaration they build up much lofty and seem
ingly earnest ; moralizing over the evils that result
when facts concerning.a plague or pestilence are sup
pressed. • >'-."
A LONG-LIVED FALSEHOOD.
In ordering Air. Kennan out of Russia the Czar
was probably unaware that he had given that distin
guished lecturer a big*free advertisement for his next
course of lectures on the barbarity of. the Russian
Government. s "..'.-
/^> IXCE the renewal of the French vineyards by
stocks from California that are ; resistant of
phylloxera, the crop has so enormously in
creased that prices have fallen below any possible
profit. The vineyardists complain, however, that the
increased yield is accompanied by a decreased mar
ket, and that California,- taking advantage of the
shortage in past years caused by the destruction of
the French vineyards, has occupied their market.
We have not at hand statistics to prove or disprove
this contention, but we assume that the Frenchmen
know what they are talking about. It must mean that
California has taken possession of the wine and
brandy market in this country and Great Britain, and,
perhaps, to an extent, in Central and South
America and Russia. We are aware that California
vintners have recently complained of the bad state of
their market, but they attribute it to the "brickyard
vineyards" of the Lake Erie region, Missouri and
Central New York. But this complaint, if justifiable,
only shows -that American wine-drinkers are using
the American product in preference to the foreign,
and are tricked into patronizing the blended and re
inforced artificial wines of the East for lack of
knowledge of what wine really is.
The only genuine wine grapes grown in this coun
try are grown in California. A wine grape must have
in the fruit all of the elements required in a finished
Wine, the sugar, the acid and, if red wine, the color
and grape tannin. Nothing need be added to give
the v.ine all the qualities required by the user. The
Eastern grapes have neither the sugar nor the color
-required. They are tteated with syrup and get their
color for aniline dyes. As they lack sugar they fall
below the antiseptic percentage of alcohol, which is
supplied by corn high wines. If short in tannin they
are filled with oak tannin. The grapes supply some
acid and the juice necessary to fermentation, and that
fs about all..
The California vintners can help their domestic
trade by publishing widely a plain statement of facts
about wine, what it is, how made, and the necessary
elements for its excellence, which must exist in the
grape and cannot be supplied I from other sources
without injuring the wholesomeness of the product.
The Hammondsport (N. Y.) wines, grown on
Keuka Lake, and the Ohio wines from KeMy's Island,
had quite a hold in the Eastern market before Cali
fornia began exporting. The great headway made by
our wines was against their competition, at the out
set, and it would seem that there is nothing in their
competition now that should seriously bar the
progress of our vintage.
Having secured a market by the superior quality
of our vintage, it can be held only by rightly observ
ing the principles of commercial honor, and sending
out only sound, aged and finished wines. If our
vintners attempt to meet the competition of sophis
ticated wines by sophisticating, they will make a mis
take that means their final ruin. . •-.¦
• A movement has been started in the East to. present
a loving cup to Admiral .Cervera in recognition of his
kindness to Lieutenant Hobson when that dashing
young officer was taken prisoner at Santiago, and it
is to be hoped the, scheme will go through.' Amid the
rivalries and bitternesses of commerce it is pleasant
to find the fighters doing the fraternal act.
' The people of Europe never realized the largeness
of the United States until recent events directed their
attention to the fact that it is big enough. to hold
Rockefeller and' Morgan. at the same time.
THE FRENCH VINE-GROWERS.
We agree with Rosebery and Cambon, and defend
the American teacher against Professor Russell's
harmful ascription and the brutal phraseology in
which it is expressed.
The French Embassador, Jules Cambon, in a re
'cent speech at Chicago said: "America's magnificent
public school system and its host of well equipped and
richly endowed colleges and seminaries are the best
guarantees the nation possesses, or can possess, of 'its**'
future peace and stability. More than its inexhaust
ible mines of gold and iron, more than its vast and
ever-increasing number of -manufactories and railway
systems, its agricultural resources and other wealth
producing agencies, do these public schools and other
institutions of learning stand for the things that prom
ise strength, perpetuity and tranquillity to the Ameri
can republic. - The teacher is, after all, the greatest
of peacemakers. Breadth of view, refined sensibili
ties, enlarged sympathy, lofty and ennobling senti
ment, a higher range of thought and feeling— all these
and other things developed by a true/ educational
process count against a resort to the cruelties and
barbarities of war." ¦:
A vast majority of the millions of Americans have
come to manhood and womanhood through the pub
lic schools. If their training have been by teachers
narrow, bigoted and incompetent, then the national
character has been narrowed and bigotized. Instead
of a broad and strong people, as the world believes
us to be, we are a narrow and weak people. Our
rivals in the industrial^ world, who have critically ex
amined us, in a search for the cause of our strength
and industrial supremacy, have frankly; declared that
.it is in the public school training of our people, lead
ing to their high level of intelligence, their faultless
initiative, their individual independence. It is con
ceded that we make mistakes, but .they are the mis
takes of the strong and broad, not of the v narrow and
weak. Lord Rosebery has said that the salvation of
industrial England must be sought in the introduc
tion there of our American public school system.
Other English thinkers have taken the same posi
tion, and their attitude is so significant that it is be
lieved it foreshadows the next issue in English poli
tics. Can it be possible that all other observers, at
home and abroad, are wrong and this Columbian
pundit is right?
The trouble with Professors Russell and Wendell
seems to be a fondness for calling names and making
snoots at those who in good faith have sought their
classes to be instructed. All men know that it is
an infirmity of narrow and bigoted men to think
others to be as they are.
In such a situation the teachers and the public
have a right to know what painful experiences in his
career led Professor Russell to his conclusion. '
Professor Russell says that his damnifying conclu
sion is "the product of long thought and experience."
But Horace Mann had long thought and experience
and reached no such conclusion. Other educators,
whose eminence made them known to the public,
reached the opposite conclusion.
The qualities of narrowness, bigotry and incom
petency must be shown in methods, practices and
habits, in deed and in action. What acts of teachers,
as a class, -betray these qualities?
What he has said. and classically calls "a shake up"
does no good at all. On the contrary, it does harm.
It plants the seeds of distrust and suspicion in the
minds of the millions of parents whose children are
in the schools. It makes every. teacher's task harder
and more difficulty It makes the taxpayers less pa
tient in supporting the public schools. It hardens the
hoof of tyranny on the part of shallow school boards,
entrusted with brief authority, and is the cause of
evil, and evil only.
Professor Russell states only a conclusion, and that
in language that is offensive. He is unknown to the
general public of this State, the West and the Union.
A man must have established reputation for wisdom,
for good judgment, in order -to secure acceptance of
his conclusions without premise or argument.
We submit that his method of shaking them up
has in it no leading to reform, if reform be necessary.
The indictment of teachers, as a class, as incompetent
does no good. The professor's statement, if it have
any merit, must be based upon observed facts. In
our judgment a statement of those facts, without other
characterization, would be useful to teachers as a
class. Such a statement of facts would be his pre
mise and could be examined and validated or inval
idated, and his^ conclusion could be justified or over
thrown. The inquiry should be'What do teachers do,
and how, that exhibits their narrowness, .bigotry and
incompetency? . .
WE again hail Columbia and its Doctor of
Pedagogics, Professor James. Earl Russell.
Since his public declaration, to a class of
teachers in' the- Berkeley summer school, that their
profession is narrow and bigoted, he appears in an
interview in which he" adheres manfully to his state
ment and adds to it by saying: "I mean to say that
the teachers of the United States, as a class, are nar
row, bigoted and incompetent. .The solution of the
problem lies in the teachers themselves, and the first
step is to shake them' up and tell them frankly their
faults."
THOSE EASTERN WISE MEN.
THIS -,,SA-y FRANCISC^CAXL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 6, 1901.
EMPERQR OF GERMANY
NOW GROWS A BEARD
TUESDAY. -....'.....:.. AUGUST 6, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Co=snmie»tioni to W. S. LEAKE, Mtatger.
JIASAGER'S OFFICES TelephonePywSM
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDZTOBIAI* HOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered. fcy Carriers, 15 . Cents Per Weelc.
Slnsrle Copies. S Cents. -
Terms by Kail, Including Postages
DAILY CAJLt. flnctafitot Snnflay), en» year W-M
' DAJX.T CAXX. Clncludine Sunday), • months... ............ J-W
DAILY CALL, (Including Sunday). » months..—.— ..—... 1-M
UAXL.T CAXI#- By Blnfle Month ..—• GSo
ETJNDAY CALU On« Tear.. 1M
WggKLT CALL, One Tear.. l - w
'All postmaster* are anthorlced to receive
subscript Ions.
Baxspto eoplei vUl b# forwarded when requested.
Mall subscribers to erderla* <-hanc# of address ehoald b«
particular to «1v» both NEW AND OI*T> ADDRESS In ord«
to iaeure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLA.VD OFFICE. ....' 111S Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGIfESS.
Banger rertirn Advertising, Harqnetta Bunding, CUrago.
(Lent Dletaoce Telephone i'Central 261*.")
MEW TORE' CORRESPONDENTS
C C CARLTO5. ........ ... ...... .Herald Square
KBW TORK REPRESENTATIVE!
ITEPHEX B. SMITH... 30 Tribune Bail dins
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, SI Unlos Square;
Ifsmy Bill HoteL '
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Cherman House: T. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House: Auditorium Hotel.
BHAKCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery, corner of Clay, ©pen
until t-M o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:S0 o'clock. 633
McAllister, opea until 9:30 o'clock. C15 Larkln, open until
I:SO o'clock. IStt Mission, ejxn until 18 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1($S Valencia, open
entn 9 o'clock. KM Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
- corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
2M0 Flllmore. open cntll 9 p. m.
6
Call subscribers contemplating a change of
residence during- the summer months can har«
their paper f orvrarded by mall to their new
addrrpnrs bf notifyinf? The Call Easiness Office.
This paper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and is represented by a local afrent la
Ml tavriii! on the coast. . .
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIHG TOWB FOR THE SUMMER.
By Fred H. Chase — This day. Horses, at 1722 Market street.
By G. Bi. TJmbsen & Co. — Monday, August 12, at 12 o'clock.
Real Estate, at 14 Montgomery street.
AUCTION SALES.
AMUSEMENTS.
Grand Opera-house— "Toll Gate Inn."
Central— "Monte Cristo." • *
Tlvoli— "Lucia."
California — "The Amazons."
Orpheum — Vaudeville, ¦
Columbia— "Mrs. Dane's Defence."
Alcazar— "Camllle."
Olympla. corner Mason and Eddy streets — Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer* s— Vaudeville.
Sutro Baths— Swimming.
State Fair and Exposition, Sacramento— September 2 to 14.REDDING. Aug. 5.— The formal trans
fer has been effected •wherein the Keswick
Power Company, pf whichil. H. Noble of
Ban Francisco is president, absorbs the lo
cal light and water, company, which had
lonr been under the. control of Francis
Smith of Saxi Francisco. The purchase
mice was {65 { ooa J
Redding Corporation Changes Owners
.REDDING, Aug. 5.-A metal tank, of
acid exploded this , morning in the Mid
dle Creek depot, three' milea. north of
Redding. . and. > nearly demolished the
structure. The force was : terrific. Part
of the tank went through the thick floor
ing and the remainder through the roof.
A large kitchen range stored beside ' the
tank was driven through the wall." ; No
one was hurt.'. *.' ¦¦¦¦:r-:. ¦?. .-'¦• -" '-"¦"'- v-V-u -^
Tank Explosion Wrecks Depot.
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 5.— A million-dollar
trust deed was filed for record here to
day. It was from the California Central
Gas and Blectric Company, of which John
Martin is president, to- the Mercantile
Trust Company of San Francisco. The
deed covers the property of the electric
company located In Yuba, Nevada, Sono
ma, Marin and Napa counties. Martin
and his company have purchased the
principal lighting plants in theee counties
and will supply the entire system from
the central plant, located In the Yuba
River. Both the plants in this city were
purchased by the company- last week.-
terior "Work.
Company Now Prepared for In-
California Central Gas and Electric
MILLION-DOLLAB DEED
FIXED IN SANTA BOSA
It is estimated that 500 horsepower will
be reaulred. It will be furnished by' the
Big Creek Power Company, which has re
cently Improved its water suQply and
electrical equipment. A survey and esti
mates of the cost of the proposed route
are soon to be made. -.The route will fol
low the county road to Watsonville. From
Soquel a branch will be built to Capitola.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 5.— Fred "W. Swan
ton to-day petitioned the Supervisors for
a franchise for an electric • railway from
Santa Cruz to Watsonville, with branches
to Capitola and Corralltos. It is proposed
to haul fruit from the Pajaro Valley, to
this city, where the fruit may be placed
on vessels and carried to markets in the
Orient. Eastern capitalists are behind the
project. . ¦
ELECTUJC • CARS MAY
TRANSPORT THE FRUIT
Yukon River and Its tributaries have be
come so denuded of timber that the ques
tion of obtaining fuel for Dawson and
other mining camps is becoming a se
ilous one. The transportation companies
are commencing to experiment with oil,
realizing that the small timber growing
along the Yukon cannot furnish an abun
. dant supply very much longer.
Heretofore almost any one could em
bark in the logging- business. It being
only necessary to fall trees, roll them
into the water and float them to mar
ket. At present only loggers of experi
ence can succeed, as but few logs can be
secured less than a. mile from the river's
edge. The Governor of Yukon Territory
has sent timber Inspectors to the head
waters of the Klondike end Stewart riv
ers to report as to the amount of tim
ber available in those sections. . •
Transportation Companies Begin to
Be Alarmed at the Disappear
ance of Forests.
TACOMA, Wash.. Aug. 5.— The Upper
TUkXBEB. NOW SCAHCE
ON" THE UPPER YUKON
While a party was beating a thicket'at
the head of a canyon the young man
stepped out into a little glade which the
nunters were watching 'for their quarry
and fell after a volley from his comrades'
rifles at short range. On account of the
extremely rough character of the country
and the long distance from the railroad
further particulars cannot be learned, but
It is believed that the body will be taken
to Victor on the Santa Fe Railroad for
shipment to Redlands.
The boy's mother left this evening for
San, Bernardino with the hope of learning
something of her son's death from the
Coroner's office. : • ' _
REDLANDS, Aug. 5.— Returning camp
ers from Fredalba Park this morning
brought news of the death of Everett
Harford, a young man of Redlands. He
went into the coast range with his father
and a party, of deer hunters at the open
ing of the season and is said to have been
hunting on the north side of the moun
tains for some days.
BeecJal Dispatch to The. Call.
Mrs. Petersen, hearing the noise, ran
Into the room with her three-months-old
i infant In her arms. Seeing her husband
being assaulted, and fearful that he
might be killed she ran between the men.
Turning toward her husbajid. she saw his
bloody and.bruised face, head and neck.
The shock was so great that she screamed
and fell in a faint, with the baby clinging
to her. This Incident stopped further as
sault.
- Upon being placed in bed Mrs. Peter
sen became hysterical, and began scream-
Ing. "Help for my husband.'who is being
murdered by Farley." This alarmed the
latter, ¦ who hastily left. He went for a
doctor and sent him, to .the Petersen
house. It is said that he then left the
town. •
Reports received later to-night are to
the effect that Petersen is badly bruised,
about the head, his eyes are black and
blue and closed and his face is badly cut.
He is a small man and bears an excellent
reputation. Mrs. Petersen is 'reported
very low . from extreme nervous prostra
tion from which she has suffered since
the assault, and the attending physician-
Bay she may not recover.
When the news reached Salinas much
excitement prevailed, and many expres
sions of retaliation and ¦ reprisal were
made. It Is expected that when the min
ister and his wife are able to be out a
charge of assault to do bodily harm will
be lodged against Farley. •
. -.„--—.¦ ¦ - - . - ¦ /
Two . hours after Mrs. \ Farley departed
her son went to the back door of the min
ister's residence' and knocked. Petersen
opened the door, •when Farley asked him
to come out and explain an alleged insult
to his mother and apologize. The minis
ter refused to go out. but invited his vis
itor in. Farley accepted and had hardly
passed the threshold when he struck Pe
tersen on the head, felling him. As the
clergyman attempted to rise he was re
peatedly felled and kicked until his face
was covered with blood.
SALINAS. Aug. 5.— Much excitement
prevails in Gonzales over an attack made
to-day by Pinckney G. Farley, ex-Deputy
Sheriff, a brother of the murdered Sheriff,
H. G. Farley, on the Rev. PI Petersen, a
Baptist minister of Gonzales.
According to the clergyman, last Friday
afternoon Mrs. Farley, his assailant's
mother, who teaches the minister's nine
year-old daughter music, was at the Pe
tersen house. A discussion arose over
music, religion and dancing, during which.
It Is alleged, Mrs. Farley took exception
to some religious doctrines. The minister
says he objected to Mrs. Farley's state
ments in the presence of his child, and she
soon left the house.
¦
Ex-Deputy Sheriff Near
ly Kills Gonzales
Minister..
Boy's Friends Mistake
Him for Animal in
the Woods.
DEER HUNTERS
KILL COMRADE
BRUTAL ATTACK
ON CLERGYMAN
Mrs. Hilton is a daughter of Mr and
Mrs. Dewell of this city. She was em
ployed here In a store and was return
ing to resume her employment. Several
months ago she came here from Bakers
field, at the solicitation of her parents,
bringing with her two small children. At
Bakcrsfield she was known as the "lady
hack-driver," having been engaged by a
livery firm to drive one of Its carriages
on the streets of the Kern Countv city.
Failing health brought her to her pa
rents. She and her husband are separ
ated.
REDDING, Aug. 5.— Mrs. Cora Hilton
stoutly affirms that she did not attempt
her life on the overland train arriving at
Oakland a couple of days ago. She avers
that she is subject to fainting spells of
several hours' duration, during which she
loses consciousness and for which she
has been unable to get any medical re
lief. It was one of these spells, she says,
which accounted for her condition, giv
ing the Impression that she had taken
chloral with suicidal intent.
plains That She Is Subject to
Fainting Spells.
Mrs. Cora Hilton of Bedding Ex-
SAYS THAT SHE DID 2TOT
TRY TO END HER LIFE
NEW YORK. Aug. 5.— It was said to
day by iron and steel merchants here that
there was no great change in the trade
on account of the steel strike. The prices
were somewhat higher and it was becom
ing difficult to get steel for quick export
delivery. They are now accepting foreign
orders subject to such delaysas the strike
may cause. However, there has been no
marked falling off in exports, but a de
crease in the volume of foreign business
Is expected to show Itself soon. Some tin
plate was coming to the United States
from Wales, it was said, but this was not
due to the strike, nor would a long strike
in this country result In large importa
tions from England, because there is sup
posed to be no more than enough In Wales
to supply the English market.
rienced in Getting Goods for
Quick Export Delivery'.
Considerable Difficulty Being Expe-
STEEL STRIKE CAUSES
PRICES TO ADVANCE
FEAR TROUBLE WILL
RESTJ3.T FROM STRIKE
TAMPA, Fla., Aug. 5.— The situation in
the cigar-makers' strike remains critical.
The positions of the unions and the man
ufacturers remain good, but It is feared
that the public feeling engendered against
the strikers will cause an outbreak sooner
or later. Boycotts were to-day placed on
many . business concerns because they
were reported to be friendly to certain
people who are said to oppose La Re
sistencia Union. Others who are friendly,
but who are not engaged in business, were
followed through the streets on their
every appearance by a taunting and Jeer
ing crowd. In several instances collisions
were narrowly averted.
Ends Iiife With Prussic Acid.
LOS GATOS, Aug. 5.— Alexander E.
Grogan, an elderly man who for several
years lived at the El Monte Hotel here,
was found dead on a Bench this evening.
He had been despondent for. several days
and drank prussic acid.
Two Men for Folsom. Prison.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 5.— Judge Hart to
day sentenced Eber Barber, convicted of
forgery, to ten years' Imprisonment, and
.William Foster, a junk dealer, for receiv
ing goods\known to have been stolen, to
three years. Both men "go to the Folsom
Penitentiary.
The condition at McKeesport at 10 p. m.
is rt-ported as feverish. Many strikers are
on the streets around the National Tube
Works. The men announce they are only
waiting for orders from headquarters be
fore going out. Organizer Flynn of the
Federation of Labor was here to-day
looking over the situation and conferring
with the local leaders. Persistent rumors
Vice President John Chappelle of New
castle was here to-day between trains and said
that all the steel mills belonging to the United
States Steel Corporation would be called out
this week- Further than that he refused to
talk.
Four new men were brought Into the mill
from Scottdale to-day, and four of the strik
ers deserted the union and went back to work.
Five mills were working to-day, and four are
working to-night, the largest number run any
day since the strike began.
The last four of the striking steel workers
who were arrested Saturday, charged with riot,
were released from Jail late this afternoon up
on ball. There are warrants yet in the hands
of the police for seventeen more of the strik
ers. The officers, for some reason, seem to be
afraid to serve the warrants. Henry B.
Henderson,- a potter for whom the police have
a warrant, haa been trying to get himself in
th^ way of the officers all day to have them
arrest him, but they will not do It for the
reason that Henderson .Is backed by the Na
tional Brotherhood of Operative Potters, and
the officers fear the vengeance of the potters,
once they are aroused, as they would be If one
of their number were put under arrest. Sec
retary Duffy of the potters, when seen to-day,
denied that the brotherhood had any Intention
of calling its members out In sympathy with
the steel workers, though he said the brother
hood would extend them both : financial and
moral aid. .--.
At 4 o'clock this afternoon the Hyde Park
mill, which has been :iTle since the first of
this year, was started. At 3:45 p m. a train
arrived at Hyde Park from Saitsburg. Vander
«rlft and Apollo. The train stopped at tho
works and flfty-seven men, clad in working
garb and carrying dinner buckets, left the
train and hurried into the works. There was
no excitement, and the mill owners and man
agers to-nlKht claim that they now have
enough men in the mills to operate all ot. the
five-plant mill. Sentinels are out, and no one
18 allowed to get into the mill without a pass
word. Late this afternoon slx.millmen from
Leechburg sauntered down toward the mill
passed the guards and walked Into the mills,
where to-night they are at work. This makes
sixty-one men now employed at the works.
The mill Is running- to-night. / The Amalga
mated men. however, are on the ground, mak
ing desperate efforts to keep all union men
out. They make the bold assertion that In two
days after President Shaffer issues his general
strike order not a wheel will be turning in
Vandercrlft, Apollo or Hyde Park.
From Wellsville, Ohio, the following re
port is made:
The most important strike - points to
night seems to be Leechburg and Wells
ville, with McKeesport a possible trouble
center. From Leechburg this telegram
was received:
PITTSBURG, Aug. 5.-The strike his
tory of the day in Plttsburg itself is not
prolific of results. Considerable, however,
was doing in towns surrounding. In this
city all of the idle mills are in the same
condition as before the failure of the con
ference to settle the strike and no appar
ent move Is being made by the manufac
turers to start the mills, consequently
there has been no break In the strikers'
ranks.
to Carry on Work.
Trust Officials Are Importing Men
HYDE PARK MILL STARTS.
Dr. Garbiras has issued a manifesto de
claring that it Is the purpose of the Gov
ernment to deprive the people of Ecuador,
Colombia and Venezuela of their exist
ence as independent nations. He calls
upon Venezuela to join him In protesting
against this conspiracy.
"Compatriots, I therefore ask and de
mand in the name of Venezuela, in these
solemn moments, decided support of all
her sons who are not, like Rangel Gabi
ras, traitors to their country, and who
have the right notions of honor and duty."
"At the same time I have ordered 10,000
troops of the Army of the West to march
immediately to San Cristobal to support
the authority of the President of the
State of Tachira and to cause the sover
eignty and integrity of the national terri
tory to be respected.
"The Government and army are both
prepared, and in informing you of this I
swear by both and in the name of the
republic that -11 our duties shall be per
formed, i
An Appeal to Compatriots.
Official announcement of the revolution
is made by General Castro in a proclama
tion issued on July 26, in which he says:
"The sacred territory of the fatherland
has been invaded by an army of Colom
bians commanded by .a traitor, Carlos
Rangel Garbiras, and they have entered
by Urena and San Antonio. In announc
ing this uprising, which affects the honor
and peace of the republic. I fulfill my duty
as the man primarily responsible for the
fate of Venezuela, and inform you that
all necessary measures have been already
taken to repel this grave attempt. In
order, therefore, to facilitate the exercise
of my discretional authority as command
er in chief of the Venezuelan army, and
at the same time to enable me to fulfill
my duties as President of the republic,
the national executive has made use of
the power conferred on it by the national
constitution and has suspended those per
sonal guarantees the exercise ' of which
may be incompatible with the defense of
public order. •
Castro's False Proclamation.
The Government Is trying to make the
public believe that ¦ the movement is an
invasion of Venezuela by Colombia. This
is not the case, but if it were it would be
regarded by the people as a just recom
pense of General Castro's hostile policy
against Colombia, especially when it is
remembered that only a few weeks ago
General Uribe-Uribe, chief of the Colom
bian revolution, was transported from
Curacao to Maracaibo on the Venezuelan
warship Zumbador. This fact alone will
throw a deal of light on the condition of
affairs.
The Government has' sent 10,000 troops
against General Garbiras. who is invoking
the name of "El Mocho," the famous Gen
eral Hernandez— that is to say, this insur
rection Is a revival of nationalism.
Revival of Nationalism.
At the news of this new Insurrection,
which had been foreseen owing to Presi
dent Castro's arbitrary manner of gov
erning the whole country is rejoicing,
and, if faUh is to be placed In commercial
reports, Is on the point of rising. ¦
Dr. Garbiras is a physician, well known
and highly respected. He has been mak
ing preparations for this insurrection for
more than three months on the frontier of
Colombia, and on the night of July 25 5000
men occupied a position between San An
tonio and Urena, towns on the frontier of
Colombia. His men are all well armed.
CURACAO, Venezuela, Aug.. 5.— A for
midable insurrection, if we are to believe
the Government itself, has broken out
against the dictatorship of General Cas
tro. The movement, which was inaugu
rated on the trontier of Tachira en the
night of July 25, is healed by Dr. Rar.gel
Garfciras, who was preyident of Congress
when Dr. Rojas Paul was President of the
Repub'ic, then Venezuelan Minister, to
Spain and later President of the State of
Los Andes. : ?' . j
Special Dispatch. to The Call.
PITTSBURG, Aug. 5.— -Just a faint
glimmer of hope that the great steel
workers' strike would be settled was em
bodied In a statement given out by Pres
ident Shaffer of the "Amalgamated Asso
ciation to-night. When asked if he would
pursue the same policy In ordering a
strike In the mills of the Federal Steel,
the National Steel 'and the National Tube
Companies as he did in calling out the
men In the mills' of the "American Tin
Plate Company he replied: "If It had not
been for this determination on my part,
the general strike would bave.been or
dered on Saturday night." ' .:•
Before calling out the tin workers, and
after falling to get any satisfaction from
the officials of the American Sheet Tin
Company • and the American Steel Hoop
Company, President Shaffer sent a tele
gram to Vice President Warner Arms of
the American Tin Plate Company, notify
ing him that under article 19, section 35,
of the constitution of the Amalgamated
Association, he would be obliged to call
out the tin workers in all of the mills
owned by the United States Steel Corpor
ation unless the difficulty was settled
within a period of ten days. As a resuit
of this notice Arms succeeded in getting
together another conference, and a vain
attempt was made to settle the dispute
and prevent a strike which would involve
the tin mills. That conference was the
one that broke up in the Hotol Lincoln
three weeks ago last Saturday.
In order to be equally fair to the other
constituent companies of the United
States Steel Corporation and -accord them
the same treatment President Shaffer has
sent a similar notice to the officers of the
Federal Steel Company, the National
Steel Company and the National Tube
Company, giving them the same time in
which to make any effort they may desire
to bring about a settlement, or he will
put In force this same clause in the Amal
gamated constitution. It is presumed
that the delay in issuing the general order
will be at least until the end of the pres
ent week. In the meantime the men in
the mills of these three companies will
be prepared to come out when the strike
order is issued.
The possibility of a settlement of the
strike Is based on the bare hope that the
officials of the three additional companies
will bring to bear sufficient influence to
urge an adjustment of the difficulty before
the strike order is issued. President Shaf
fer did not express any hope that this
would be done, nor did he even discuss
the matter, but the Inference was quickly
seen that there was such a probability in
sight. It is a faint one, though, and but
little interest was taken In it in the gen
eral offices of the association to-day.
Regarding the publication of charges
that the Amalgamated Association would
be violating contracts with the constituent
companies of the trust, with which they
had signed scales for the present year,
President Shaffer said that all contracts
and scales are signed at all times sub
ject to the provisions of the constitution
of the Amalgamated Association. This
constitution was in the hands of all the
officials of all the companies affected or
likely to be affected and they are fully
aware of the provisions that it contains
for this very difficulty.
Just a Faint Hope That the Difficulty
Will Be Adjusted.
Government Sends Ten Thousand
Troops Against the Invaders
From the Frontier of
Colombia.
"I then took the baby and went to the
earn and sat there awhile and then went
in and put the baby in the cradle and was
tryinsr to put him to sleep. The baby
started to cry, Frank was outside and
when he heard baby crying started to
come in. at the same time calling the baby
vile names. I then ran in to where the
rifle was. I -was so scared and excited
that when I saw him trying to get his
knife out of his belt, I grabbed up the rifle
lying on the bed and. pointing it at him.
pulled the trigger. He fell without a
word. Then I went to my mother's. He
had threatened my life many times before
and I killed him in self-defense."
Frank I_ Trimmin, a neighbor, corrob
orated Mrs. Wellman's storv. Sheriff
Holburn and Coroner Dixon arrived Mon
day from Riverside. The Coroner's Jury
pave as a verdict that the deceased died
from a rifle shot fired by his wife in self
flefens=e. Public ODinion exonerates Mrs.
"U'ellman from at! blame, in view of the
dead man's past character. Mrs. Wellman
is a flne shot with a rifle, having handled
firearms all her married life.
BuUet^Ends His Threats,
"Ever' since my little girl was born
about three years ago our trouble began.
He was jealous and was always threaten
ing my life. He pulled my hair and
abused me repeatedly when drunk. Sun
day he drew a knife on me and said he
would kill both baby and me. He wanted
to separate and I agreed on condition that
he place our little Mary where I could
have access to her. He said he knew he
could not have her by law but nothing
could prevent his stealing the child. Later
he refused to separate and told me to go
down to tny mother's, a distance of two
miles.
"I picked up the baby and took Mary by
the hand and started down the road to
my mother's. Then he pulled his gun and
made me come back- I returned and
Ftoo-l by him in the door. He said: 'For
two cents I would cut your throat and the
baby's.' He had been abusing the baby
all the morning, choking it until it grew
black in the face. Every time he looked
at the baby he would run to him and slap
him In the face. He threatened to kill me
and the children and then go down to
ray mother's and kill father, mother and
my sisters and brothers and any one else
who might come in his way. and then take
his own life. I was outdoors when he
called me in. He had a 22-caliber rifle in
his hands. He made me sit down beside
.him en the bed. Being quiet a moment or
two, he looked around and then shot at
a fowl in the yard.
Story of the Young Wife.
There is little regret felt because of his
death. He had been a desperado for years
in this locality and was once a companion
of Charles Marshall, who is serving a life
sentence in San Quentln for two murders.
Wellman was a decent fellow when sober,
but drink made a. demon of him and he
terrori_ed the mountain ranchers and
their families by riding by and firing re
volvers at their homes. Saturday, August
3. Wellman was drunk and abusive and
Sunday morning- found him still In an in
toxicated state. His wife, whom he mar
ried when she was 13 years old and who
is now but 19, tells the following story:
SAN JACINTO. Aug. 5.— Frank P. Well
man, a cattle rancher of the San Jacinto
Mountains, aged 42 years, was fatally shot
by his wife. Clara A. Wellman. yesterday
morning. The shooting was done in self
defense, as Wellman had been drunk for
several days on pure alcohol and had sev
eral times threatened his wife's life. Well
inan was shot through the heart and died
instantly.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Instantly Killed by a Bul
let Through the
Heart
Frank Wellman, Crazed by Alcohol,
GE_U__BA3_ STRIKE DELATED.
Rule of the Republic's Dicta
tor Causes People to
Turn From Him.
Baby.
Young Married Woman Uses
a Rifle to Defend Her
General Garbiras Leader
of Revolt Against, .
Castro.
Tragedy at Cattle Ranch
in the San Jacinto
Mountains.
If any such action is taken by the fed
eration it will be as a result of a meeting
of the general council of. ihe association.
President Gompera is now absent from
Washington, but is expected to return in
a few days. If he thinks the situation is
such as to call for any action by the led
eration It Is probable that he will call a
meeting of the general council soon after
his return. .
This statement was made .to-day by
Frank Morrison, secretary of the Ameri
can Federation of Labor, in reply to a
question as to whether it was probable
that a sympathetic strike would be or
dered by the federation. Morrison would
not make any direct statement as to the
probability of a sympathetic strike being
ordered, saying that the Federation of
Labor would take up questions as they
arose and deal with them in a business
like manner; v V
the American Federation of La
bor will use every effort to prevent injury
to the Interests of any, member of the
Amalgamated Association of Iron, Steel
and Tin Workers. Any industrial disturb
ance that may occur will be because of
the antagonism of the trust to universally
concede rights of wage-earners to organize
for their protection /and to secure im
proved conditions."
GALL, BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,
N. W., WASHINGTON,. Aug. 5.—
"If the trust continues to- oppose
the organization of wage-earners
are to the effect that the mine workers'
will refuse to furnish coal for the trust
coke furnaces or mills. An ordinance has
been drawn by Common Councilman
James M. Waumpler of the Fourth Ward
appropriating $500,000 for additional pav
ing and sewer work in McKeesport. Only
taxpayers are to be employed at the work.
It is Intended for the benefit. of the strik
ers in case the struggle is prolonged. La
bor leaders will bring great pressure to
bear on Councilmen to have the ordinance
passed. It would furnish work for most
of the strikers for almost a year.
May Join the Battle of Amalgamated Associ
ation • Against the Billion-Dqllar Trust
to Compel' the Recognition of Unions
FORMIDABLE
INSURRECTION
IN VENWEZUELA
WIFE SLAYS
HUSBAND TO
SAVE A CHILD
FIERCE DRAWN BATTLE
FOUGHT IN COLOMBIA
FALL RIVER, -Mass., Aug. 5.— A peti
tion circulated among: the cotton manu
facturers here to-day in an effort to bring:
about a reduction of 15 per cent In the
wages of print operatives Is not being
signed, a majority of the manufacturers
declining to enter into an agreement
which, they say, would provoke labor
troubles.
Trying to Reduce "Wages /
. MONTGOMERY, Ala., Aug. 5.-Miss
Carrie Jones, daughter of ex-Governor
Thomas G. Jones, was crushed to death
bqr a. street. She was attempting; to cross
the street in front of a car. The* accident
occurred In front of the Jones residence
and was witnessed by Mr. Jone*. She was
20 years of age.
Killed by a Street Car.
•WASHINGTON, Aug. 5.— There is to be
a supplemental report by the board of
awards appointed by Secretary Long to
consider and report upon the recommen
dations made by commanding officers rela
tive to awards to officers under them dur
ing the Spanish war. It was found when
the first list was made up that quite a
number of officers deserving of considera
tion had been overlooked In the early re
ports on which the board had acted, and.
from time to time the attention of the
department has been called to the omla
sion.
Omissions in the Awards.
LONDON, Aug. 5.— The naval maneuvers
were suddenly terminated to-day by or
ders from the Admiralty, and the ene
my's fleet was 'declared to be the victor.
The final result* have not yet been given
out, but the defenders are known to have
lost a dozen cruisers, two" gunboats and
eight torpedo-boat destroyers. ¦ The enemy
lost only three cruisers, three torpedo-boat
destroyers and three torpedo-boats, while
they captured an endless number of mer
chantmen. The result is taken to be a
practical confirmation of the justness of
the criticism to which the Admiralty has
recently been subjected.
Enemy's Fleet the Victors in
the Engagement.
The English Admiralty Declares tho
NAVAL MANEUVERS BROUGHT
TO SUDDEN TERMINATION
the movement, because a year ago he ordered
the seizure at La Guayra of two of our war
ships, which had on board a large quantity of
ammunition. -
Conflict Lasts Seventeen Days, Insurgents
Exhausting Ammunition and the Govern
ment Troops Too Badly Cut Up to Pursue
NEW YORK. Aug. 5.— A. Diaz Guer
rera, agent in this city of the Co
lombian revolutionists, to-day re
ceived information from trusted
agents who had reached .Venezu
ela that a -bloody battle : was fought _.t
Palo Negro in the latter part of May. The
conflict lasted seventeen days. The bat
tle was di awn at the. end. of that period,
the insurgents! retiring 1 when' their « am
munition was exhausted,* the Government
troops being too badly cut up to pursue
the revolutionists. • •
By the Red L> liner Philadelphia, which
arrived here to-day from Venezuela, Agent
Guerrera received a budget of information
in the form of reports, cablegrams and
letters from th_ scene of hostilities. These
stated that General Benjamin Herrera,
who is attacking from the Pacific side, is
preparing in the department of Cauca;
General Argila, who is advancing from
the Atlantic, is in the department of San
tander and is in possession of Ocana City;
Generals A. Castillo and Clodmlro Castillo
have effected a junction of their forces
and are at El Valle, in the department of
Magdalena, and General Marin has. fought
an important battle at Jirardot, in the de
partment of Cundinamarca, which is in
the interior of the country, about 100 miles
from Bogota, the capital of Colombia. Im
portant and successful engagements have
been fought by General Herrera at Tuinco
and Barbacos,. and other Insurgent vic
tories, are reported from the southeastern
portion of the department of Cauca. A
great revolutionary army is said to be op
erating on the Pacific side of Colombia.
Information which came to Agent Guer
rera via . Mara caibo states 'that Senor
Valencia is on his way to Cucuta to take
charge of the Government forces on the
•frontier, and that at Bogota the mer
chants, not wishing to handle any more
paper money, have closed their stores,
and that business throughout the country
is at a standstill.
Senor Guerrera says that he has not for
some time received any information con
cerning the whereabouts of General
Uribe-Uribe, who has been appointed by
General Vargas Santos in supreme com
mand of the insurgent army. Continuing
he said: • 'vj-.-s
•General' Uribe Is a personal friend of Gen
eral Castro, the President of Venezuela. They
have known each other for years. Castro
lived for ' a time in* Colombia and his wife is
a Colombian. The friendship and recent meet
ing . between Castro and General Urlbe at
Caracas has no significance in a revolutionary
eense. The Colombian Government . officials,
however, charge that President Castro has been
openly opposing the . insurgents, but such is not
the case. I don't think he sympathizes with
FEDERATION OF LABOR
TO AID STEEL STRIKE
7
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 6, 1901.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
> It is the best and cheap-
est shaving soap in all the
world., f
AH sorts of people use Pears' soap, all sorts
of Storex <H1 it. especially dmar-ist*.
Soap in stick form; con-
venience and economy in
shaving.
SANTA C ATALIN A ISLAND.
Zyi Hours' Ride From Los Angeles. Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Third Ahnual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club."
Eighth Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort. ¦ ¦
The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLUB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full Information, hotel rates, unlqus ar-
rangements for camping and ; Illustrated pam-
phlets apply to
E. C. PECK. Agent.
10 Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
Or BANNING CO..
222 South Spring St.. Los Angeles. CaL
*T*HE SEASIDE RESORT OF CENTRAL
* 'California, on Monterey Bay. Now open.
Free booklet. R. M. BRIARE. manager hotel;.
FRANK REANIER. supt. camp. Capttola. Cal.
Healthiest and best climate, prettiest place
in all California; lots amusements; flne walks;
all mineral waters. Rates $10 and $12 per
week. Open May 15. Circulars at city office,
918 Lark in St.. & F. DRURY & KROEGER.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
• Fishing; boats; excellent table; climate per-
fect; 16 miles from Truckee. In an unbroken
forest. Further information Traveler of flee, 20
Montgomery, or MRS. H. M. CLEMONS.
Truckee. Cal. . - '.
________*_ IN THE SIERRAS
near Coif hi on 0. P. R. R. Elevation just right —
. 21COU.— 136 miles from San Fr. No staging: _ood
table; finest scenery, water, air, fruit and climate.
Ideal forests and grounds. $3.00 a week. Send for
booklet- Orchard Springs, Coif ax, C_L
. - VICHY SPRINGS,
The only place In the United States ¦where
Vichy Water Is abundant: The only natural
Electric Waters; Champagne Baths; Springs
Numerous; Baths Unequaled. Three mile* from
Ukiah. J. A. REDEMEYER & CO..
• Proprietors.
CHI in fftMEAUT HnMF E - tenslveIy lm '
iULIl/ tUllirUAl nUiUC D roved; 2000 ft.
altitude. No fog: climate delightful. Large
orchard, vegetable garden. Hot. cold - baths.
Spring water. Rates, *7 week up. Stage meets
train. SCHULER & SCHEBEN, Napa. Cal.
BELLBVUE HOTEL.
P. O. EL VERANO. Cal., Verano Station
(Kings Crossing), on California Northwestern
Railway. Hormlneral baths near by. Terms
$1 per day and upward. PETER GOUILHAR-
DOU. Lessee.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
Most attractive ¦ place in Lake County to
spend a vacation. Boating, bathing, bowling,
eto." Accommodations now for 250 people.
Write for circular. EDGAR DURNAN. Laurel
Dell. Lake Co.. CaL
MOUNTAIN HOME.
In the Santa Cruz Mountains. Rare sport
during the deer season. Pack ' of ¦ hounds,
swimming and flne table. Address VIC PON-
CELET.Llagas. Cal.
Lakeport and bartlett springs
i STAGE LINE.— Hopland to Bartlett Springs.
via Lakeport, carrying passengers for Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs. Stages coirhect
with ¦ trains at* Hopland. ¦ Leave Hopland at
12:30; arrive at Lakeport at 3:30; arrive at
Bartlett Springs at 7:30. New 6-horse 14-pas-
. senger tourist wagons, made to order for this
stage line, with all the most modern Improve-
ments. . Passengers for Lakeport ' or : Bartlett
Gprln__ call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
Stase Line. . r .
MILLER & HOWARD. Proprletora.
PLANTATION ! rfoUSE— Eighteen miles from
. Cazadero, on stage line. Good trout fishing,
plenty fruit,, cream, milk,: free conveyance for
; parties of 2 or more: grand redwood scenery.
I Address J. Luttrlnger, Seaview. Sonoma Co.. or
apply Mr. Kruse. 207 Front St., for particulars.
THE LAUREL,; Los Gatos— First-class family
boardtag- house; home cooking; beautiful
surroundings; 5 minutes', walk to town. Terms.
$8 to $10 a week. Piano. ' References. MRS. J.
McKENZIE and MISS HAMILTON. Props.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS SS , &***%£
Ing. Numftrous Mineral Springs of great vir-
tue. Finest Hotel . Accommodations north or
San Francisco. Hot and Cold Mineral Baths.
Competent Masseurs. Bowlims Alley, Tennis
Courts, Swimmlne Tanks. Croquet. Shu fne-
boaid. Fine Roads and Trails, .Ridinsc ana
Driving Hor»es. Best Deer Hunting in 1>»k .
Counts. Competent Guides, Good Hunting Ani-
mals. THE FALL AND WINTER RATES
WILL BE IN FORCE AUGUST 1st. IN-
STEAD OF SEPT. 1st. as formerly. Rooms in
Small Hotel, $10 per week. Rooms in Cottages
$12 Der week for one in room. $20 for two m
room. Rooms in Main Hotel. ' 112 and
JH for one person, *20 and. »24 -for
two in room. Call on L. D. tKAiij,
316 McntBDmery St.: , The „ Traveler L Of-
fice. 20 Montgomery St., or MRS. KATE J.
WILLATS.: room 64. Flood bldg.. San Fran-
cisco, or write direct to CKAIG & WARNER.
Highland Springs. Cal. ________
Delightful Surroundings and mi HTTP n
Excellent Accommodations at W II 1 LIl
MEDICAL SPRINGS
v LAKE COUNTY. CAL.
Certain cure for Stomach. Liver. Kidney,
Bladder Skin and Blood Diseases. :
Recommended by Leading Physicians. Thou-
sands Cured. _ „
Tickets, California and Northwestern Rall-
• road. Stage from Uklah. ' ,
RODNEY McCORMICK, General Manager.
' Call or address.
WITTER MEDICAL SPRINGS COMPANY.
Upper Lake P.. O.. Lake County. Cal.
Main Office & Water Depot. 916 Market, r. 64.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIG OAK FLAT AND YOSEMITE Sf AGE
CO.— Running directly through the Tuolumne
Big Tree Grove. Lowest rates on tho market.
Special rates for Epworth Leaguers. Staging
2V. hours first afternoon and 9 hours next day,
arriving at Yosemlte Valley 5 p. m. Send for
illustrated folder. WM. J. WHITE. Gen.
Agent 630 Market St., opposite Palace Hotel,
S. F. : tel. Black 3571. • rv~
V* I* m r\ r% '_¦_ hot springs, sonOma
V KM fwf-wX C( >- : onlv **& hours from
Ull/s C/UU San Francisco: but 9 miles
. • . staging; waters noted for
medicinal virtues; best natural bath in State;
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, dally
mall and express; first-class hotel and stage
service; morning and afternoon stages; round
trip from 8. F. only $5 50. .Take . Tlburon ferry
at 7:30 a. m. or 3.30 p. m. Terms, $2 a day or
$12 a week. References— Any guest of the past
six years. Further Information at Traveler of-
fice. 20 Montgomery St., or ot J. F. MUL-
GREW. Skaggs. Cal. :
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Sulphur Creek. Colusa Co., Cal., 26 miles by
stage west o* Williams, fare $2. Hottest 'and
strongest "rater on the Coast: temperature 148
deg. Cures rheumatlrm, dropsy, salt rheum,
skin diseases, neuralgia, liver and kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury in system, dyspep-
sia, catarrh. Natural mud bath3. New 2-story
hotel: fine new bathhouse. Board and lodging,
including baths, $10 a week. vWM. OELGEAHT,
proprietor. \ ¦ ¦.'
J/Sp Three trains dally; 2Vs hours' ride. A.
Bettens. Mgr.. Byron Hot Spgs., Cal.
Lombard & Co., 36 Geary st.. City.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS. ,
2H hours 1 • ride from S. F. ; 5 miles-' from V«-
llejo. Sulphur baths: cure rheumatism, neural-
gia, eczema. . kidney, liver, stomach diseases.
Hotel and Cottages renovated. Lake for boating
and bathing. Dancing Pavilion. $8 to $10 a week. •
Special rates families. -M. MADRID. Vallejo, Cm.
'•'¦;> KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
Finest fishing. ; hunting and health . resort on
the coast. Climate perfect. On Klamath River.
Rates. V> and $2 50 per day: $10 to $14 per week.
Call Traveler Office. 20 Montgomery St.." ¦>' or
address EDSON- BROS.. Beswick, ¦ Slsklyou
County. Cal. - . ¦ ; '
GILRpV HOT SPRINGS.
Trains leave 3d and Townsend 9 a. m.' and 2:45
p. m. dally. V For pamphlets address R. ROB-
ERTSON. Prop.. •
BEN LOMOND^
Park 'House in the Santa. Crut Mountains; 6
minutes from ¦ station; flne . scenery: • fishing,
hunting, _¦ fine . drives. - free" carriage meets all
trains. ' ¦ MRS. I. N. HAYES.
UULU IviIJl A IEA0IN3 THEATHH
Every Night (Excepting Sunday). . *
MATINEE SATURDAY. . ••:
CHARLES FROHMAN'S : t "¦, \
EMPIRE I pjgg«
THEATER il-^
COMPANY --
Presenting HENRY ARTHUR JONES*
Greatest Play.
MRS, DANE'S DEFENCE.
As seen all last season at the Empire Theater.
' DELIGHTING IMMENSE AUDIENCES
EVERT EVENING THIS WEEK. " .
i;. MR. JAMES AND THE
A/JET// / NEILL
* W ffi-W __ iim^MamS COMPANY.
Presenting Arthur W. Pinero's Comedy Success
"THE AMAZONS"
EVE 25c. 33c. 30c, 75c» 11
MATINEE SATURDAY -25c, 50c. 73o
Bargain Matinees E?ery Thursday,
25c and 5Oc— — —
Next Sunday "THE ROYAL BOX 1 "
SEATS THURSDAY.
BELASCO A~°TrtALLS vr^j^er
TO-NIGHT— Every Evening This ¦Week.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Spectacular Production of tho Great Play
MONTE CRISTO
Gorgeous Scenery— "Wonderful Effects. Etc
Last "Week— Engagement of
JAMES M. BROPHY.
PRICES S V !r lnS 1Oc > 13c. 25c, S5c. Wo
ullVLJ Matinees 10c. 15c. 25o
: 'Next "Week— "THE GREAT DIAMOND
ROBBERY."
EVERY ACT~A HEADLINE
IN VAUDEVILLE.
Hill and Silviany, Mr. and Mrs. Al-
fred Xelcey, Sisson, "Wallace and
Company, The Molasso-Salvaggi
Troupe, Alexandra Dagmar, The
Standard Quartet, The Esmonds,
Stanton and Modena, and the Bio-
graph. -;-:
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats. 50c.
K|>C 2H- 55JOT
fiftfH HAT R £^A>
this THIRD
"NiSn? Ay MONTH,
Florence ROBERTS
Supported by "WHITE "WHITTLESEY.
Presenting Alexandra Dumas' j
CAMILLE.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY!
SEATS BY PHONE MAIN 234!
Next Week— "SILVER MOUNTED HARNESS."
*XI ¥Q !_!*
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
SECOND GREAT •WEEK.
GRAND OPERA SEASON.
To-night, Thursday. Sat. Matinee and Sunday,
LUCIA
Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, "
ILTROVATORE
"FAVORITA,") NEXT <"OTELLO,"
With \ Wf7F1 , ) With
Afiostini, > WdcK. (.Montanari.
POPULAR PRICES— !3c. 50c and 73c
Telephone— Bush 9.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
EVERY EVENING THI3 WEEK.
T. DANIEL FRAWLEY
PRESENTS
The Revolutionary War Drama.
"TOLL GATE INN"
Enthusiastically Received by Crowded House
Last Night.
PRICES 10c. 13c. 23c, 50c. 73o
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees. 25c
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
NEXT WEEK... "THE LIARS."
—————— .
&JJNN1N6 AfDXfoRNESs'ftACING.
Gattle and wdpjb-JJIL,, ,
0A1R.Y Contests.
..W- L6vviNE /mzr^
/^Q, $\on bates ton jtw^* -
G ccrr led. Free *
f op part \ c u] a rs Wri te.
GeiWackson.
•StC'Tr. PRE4IOENT. •
FISCHFR'S concert house.
riOinHnO Admission lOc.
IRENE Franklin. Claire Canflekl. Maud Still.
SAVOR AND HATHAWAY, Ouhama, Nellie
Bruce. Billy Fleming, Little Jennie Metzler
and Symor and Hull and Hlnrlchs' Orchestra.
Reserved Seats. 23c Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGH^i,
Ooen dally from 7 a. m. to 11 p. M, v
Bathing: from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. ok
ADMISSION. 10c CHILDREN. 5c
Eathlng. including admission. 25c. Children. 20c.
THE WEEKLY CALL
per* Year.
PALACE .
V»»k' * These hotels possess
AND the attributes that tour-
ists and ..travelers . ap-
ARANH predate— central loca-
(alVJ-rUJ tlon( liberal manage-
'uatci c ment, modern appoint-
UU 1 l_J-3y ments and perfect cui-
eine.' ' . '¦¦¦.
, S_H • ¦ American ¦ and^-Euro-
» pean plans. '
Francisco.
A__msE]_n__?TS.ST. JOSEPH, f Mo., Aug. 5.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 1570: steady; .'natives, $3 75@5 80; cows
and heifers. $1 25@4 80; bulls . and stags, $2@
4 SO; stockers and feeders, $1 75(§4; veals, $2@5.
ST. JOSEPH
SHEEP— Receipts, 30,000; 10@15c lower; good
to choice wethers, $3 60@4; fair to choice mixed
$3 25@3 50; Western sheep, $3 25(J?3 65; yearlings'
$3 75<g4 35;. native lambs, $4@5; Western lambs'
$4 25@5 15. . ¦'.*••-* . ¦. .. ¦ : - '
HOGS— Receipts ' to-day, * 31,000; ¦to-morrow,
23,000; left over, 2000; : strong, 5c higher, closed
firm; mixed and butchers, $5 70@6 10; good to
choice heavy, $5 90@6 20; I rough • heavy, $5 50<a
5 SO; light, $5 85@5 90: bulk of sales, $5@6 05
CHICAGO.
"CHICAGO, Aug. 5.— CATTLE— Receipts, 20,
500, including 1300 Texans; steady to slow; good
to prime steers, $5 ,60@6 30; poor . to»medium,
$4 40<g5 40; stockers and , feeders, $2 25@4; cows
End 'heifers. $2 25<5'4 90;. canners, '$1 50®2 40
bulls. $2 50@4 30; calves, $3@5 25; Texas steers
$3@4 50. ' .
Eastern Livestock Markets.
Alexander W. Wilson (as trustee) and Row
Wilson to P. A.: McDonald, lot on W
line of Ashbury street. 176:6 N of Frederick
N 125 by W 186:3; $16,500. *reaerick,
Louise. Schussler (wife of Herman) to Mau
j-lce Rosenthal. lot on SE corner of Oak and
Stanyan streets, E 100 by S 10O- $10
J. G. and Jennie L. James to J. G." James (a
corporation), lot on E line of Howard street
50 N of Eighteenth, N 50, E 124, S 100. W 34,'
Florida L. Latson to George C. Patterson
lot on ,W line of . Shotwell street 15© N Sf
Eighteenth, N 50 by W 122:6-< $10 - -
• Elizabeth. E. Presho and Mary A and
Thomas J. Armstrong , to William P. Hlggln
botham, lot on N line of Sixteenth street 1*5
E of Castro. E 25 by N 113; $10. <-.*-¦>
Cosmos Loan . Association to "Peter Tamony,
James P. Hartnett to WHUam Banfield let
on S line of Austin street, 99 E of Franklin v
25 by S 60; $10. . "anKiin, E
Estate of Peter Dean (by R. A., Charles D
and Benjamin E. Dean, executors) to the
Peter Dean Company (a corporation) lot m
WlWSby °S 7 S 9! 6 C r£rooa aBd FUlmore ' 8treet3 '
Fannie E. Nelson to Elizabeth F. Nelson lot
onS line of Sacramento street. 1S8W of'n»
visadero. W. 23 by S 132» gift. e
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
, VEGETABLES— Asparagus „ is now hardly
worth quoting; Green- Peas, H4@2c; .' String
Beans, H4@3c; Llmas. 4@7c; Cabbase, 35@40c
per ctl ; I Tomatoes, from the River, In large
boxes, 40@75c; Dried Peppers,..- 12@18c; Green
Okra,, 50c@$l per box; Carrots. 25@35c per sack-
Cucumbers. Bay, 20©35c ; I Pickles. Uic per lb
for small and lc for large; Garlic. 2@3c;- Green
Peppers. 20©35c per box for Chile <¦ and 35@S0c
for Bell; Egg -Plant, 35@50c per box; Green
Corn, 25@75c;i>er. sack;; Alameda. 50c@$l per
crate; Berkeley, 50@75c; Summer Squash, large
boxes, 15@25c; New Marrowfat. Squash $15«j20
per ton.. . - ;-• ; . . - . •
POTATOES— 80c@$l 15 ln^sacks and $1 10@l 50
In boxes for Burbanks. 75c@$l for Garnet Chiles
and 75@90c for. Early Rose; 'Salinas Burbanks,
$1 15@1 35.-! • • ¦-...•¦..
ONIONS— Yellow. 75@90c.per ctl; Pickle On
ions, 60@65c per sack. u:::
Tomatoes held up, but the market continued
overstocked with Peppers, Egg Plant, Squash
and Corn. . ¦ . , . ¦ .
' Arrivals of Potatoes were large, amounting
to 6779. sks, -and the market was quoted weak
In spite of the very good shipping demand. On
ions ruled firm. . ¦ ' , . ;
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat—' Sept. Dec.
Opening '.'. Holiday.
Closing
. PARIS. .
Wheat— Aug. Nov.-Feb.
Opening 21 90 23 10
Closing 22 15 23 30
Flour-
Opening .'......:... 27 95 . 29 15
Closing .-> 28 05 29 45
GRAIN ; BAGS-7-Calcutta Grain Bags, 8c;
local make. %c less than Calcuttas: 'Wool Bags.
32<Ef35q; Fleece Twine. 7%@Sc; Fruit' Bags,.-5%@
6c for cotton and 8%@S%c for Jute. .
COAL— Wellington, $9 per. ton; Southflfeld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant, $6 50; Coos
Bay. $5 50: Wallsend. $9; Co-operative Wall
send, $9; Cumberland. $12 50 In bulk and $13 75
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14-
Cannel. $10 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk
and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$S 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according
to brand.
. OILS— California Castor Oil, In cases. No. 1
75c; pure. $126; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled
94c; raw, 92c; cases. 5c more; Lard OH. extra
winter strained, barrels, SOc; cases, Soc; China
Nut. 55@72c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot Oil. bar
rels, 67%c; cases. 72%c: Sperm, pure, 65c; Whale
Oil,* natural white, 40(ffi45c per gallon; Fish Oil.
In • barrels. 37%c ; i cases, ¦ 42%c. . . - .
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, in bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil,. In cases, 19c; Astral, 19c; Star.
19e; Extra Star, :23c; Elaine, 24c; Eocene, 21c;
deodorized stove gasoline. In bulk. 15c; in cases
21c; Benzine, in bulk. 14c; in cases, 20c; S6-de
¦gree Gasoline. In bulk, 20c; in cases, 26c- "
1 TURPENTINE— 58c per gallon In cases and
52c In drums 'or, iron barrels. ¦
I SUGAR — Prices 'have again, declined. ¦ The
1 "Western Sugar Refining Company qultea,' - per
' pound. In 100-lb bags: . . --' .-• .\ .
p Cubes, i Crushed - and ,flne ' Crushed, .'¦ 5.40c;
Powdered,. 5.25c; ". Candy : Granulated, 5.2.'<c'
Dry Granulated, 5.15c; Confectioners' A, 5.15c;
Fruit Granulated. 5.15c; Beet Granulated. 5.05c •
Magnolia • A, '^.Toc; Extra C, : 4.65c; ,' Golden C*
4.55c; barrels, 10c more;. half-barrels, 25o more
boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders
taken for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent.
Domlnos. . half-barrels. 5.65c; boxes. '5J)0c'per lb!
Receipts; from the Islands in July were^S,!
0C5 bags, against 330, 758 bags In July, ; 1900.
General Merchandise.
Foreign Futures.
A further advance In Pink and large White
Beans is noted. Both descriptions are still In
demand for shipment. Other sorts arc un
changed. •
HEaNS- Bayos. $2 40@2 GO: Rnkll White, $4 SO
@4 95; Large White. $3" 65@3 80: Pink, $1 80@2;
lied, $3 15-93 25; Blackeye. . $3 25@3 40; Limas.
$6 30ffi6 40; Red Kidney, $4 25 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal. Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. J2 75@3; Canary, 3<4@
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; 'Rape , 1%@
2V4c: Hemp. 3V4c per lb. '
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $165 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
betrayed a yielding tendency from the opening
until the closing of business. Resultant losses
ran from two to six point? for the Ftocks most
actively dealt In and included leading members
of all principal grroupg. Occasional rallies
were unavailing In checking the steady stream
of liquidation and the professional element
utilized everj' temporary recovery to put out
additional short lines of stocks. Western and
Pacific stocks bore the brunt of the selling In
the railroad quarter, while United States Steel
and Surar were In the van in the downward
movement of the specialties. The failure to
effect a Feitlement of tjie steel strike on Satur
day prepared operators for a resumption of
liquidation in the steel issues at the opening of
business to-day. First sales of the common
¦u-<?rp 15,000 shares at from 41 down to 40%,
¦which about measured the low point until well
In the sfternoon. when it sagged to 40. Inter
mediate transactions were on a narrow frac
tional range, but the fact that the stock was
•well backed ud arcund 40 did not exert any
strengthening effect on the general market. The
closing price was the lowest of the day and
indlca.ted a net loss of 3% points, as compared
with Saturday's close. The preferred stock
Euffered an extreme loss of ZV» and ended three
points off. The street was inclined to view the
failure to reach an agreement as foreshadow
ing a highly sensitive market for the stock for
awhile. Other metal properties scored marked
sympathetic losses, Tennessee Coal dipping 3%
and American Car and Foundry preferred four
points. Selling by the West continued in eplte
of rezortM of rains in various sections of the
corn belt and the publication of a large number
of very satisfactory increases in railroad earn
ings for the fourth week of July. Sugar wag a
prominent feature all day and dropped B3i to
139% on sales by the professionals who argued
that the forthcoming opposition would make
large Inroads on its earning capacity. But
little news was circulated to account for the
tcute weakness of many 'stocks and thr selling
,n-as attributed in part to liquidation by holders
¦who have become tired out by the recent steady
drop of prices. A holiday at London deprived
YORK. Aug. 5.— Speculation to-day
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
- PORK— Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under, 6%<@
6i,4c r over 200 lbs. 6c; feeders. ; sows, 20 per
cent off, boars 50 per cent off and stags 40 per
cent off from the above quotations; dressed
Hogs. 7%@9«c. . ..
Although prices are unchanged dealers are
quoting an easier market for Hogs, owing to
larger receipts.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6@6?ic for Steers and 6@6c per lb for
cows. •
VEAL— Large. 7@8c; small, 8@9? per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7©Sc; Ewes, 7@7%c per
pound.
LAMB— Spring, 8%©9c per pound. . . .
San> Francisco Meat Market.
Flour, quiet; No. 2 red, 70%@71c; No. 2 corn,
56%c; No. '2 yellow. E6%c; No. 2 oats, 35U@36o-
No. 2 white, 37M®37»4c: No. 3 white. 3G%@
37%c: No. 2 rye, fair to choice malting,
60c; No. 1 flax seea, $1 65; prime timothy seed
$4 90; mess pork, per bbl. $14 90@15: lard per
100 lbs., $8 72%@8 75: short ribs sides (loose),
$7 85@S 00; dry salted shoulders (boxed) 7%(W
7Hc; short clear sides (boxed), »$8 35@8 45- ¦
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 29; clover, con
tract grade, $10 25.
Articles— \ . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 26,000 34 000
Wheat, bu 362,000 419 0CO
Corn, bu 187,000 ' 235 000
Oats, bu 27O.C0O 202 0C0
Rye, bu..: 8,000 .......
Barley, bu S.OCO 3,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creams, 14%^T20c; dairies ]3ffj)
16%c; cheese. 9%®10%c; eggs, firm, fresh. 13®
14c. .
Cash quotations were as follows
There were thirty cars of Hay on the tracks.
The market was unchanged, with a fair de
mand.
Bran and Middlings have been marked up 50c
per ton.
BRAN— $19(^19 50 per ton. ; . -
MIDDLINGS— $2Q@21 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS-Ralled Barley, $16@17 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26; Jobbing
J26 50. Cocoanut Cake, $17©18: Corn Meal, $30 50
(§3150; Cracked Corn, $31632; Mixed Feed. $17
@18. - • ¦ .
HAY— Wheat. $7@9 t.0: choice, $10; Wheat and
Oat, $6 50(g9: Oat, ?6@S 50; Barley , and Oat,
S6@8: Alfalfa, $7@9: Clover, $5 50@7; Volunteer,
$4 50@5 50.
STRAW— 25@42%c per bale. .
Hay and Feedstuff s.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
S Baldacd, Texas
R Matheson. Los An
G B Houken. Wlnster
Mrs M Matting. Colo
Tames Mulroy. Inglesde
I J Cormady, N Y
L. Joos. city
W F-GlHer. city
Mrs. M Watson. Wash
F Miller & w r Wash
W P Prouty. Ill
E A York. Kansas
R Talfor, Crockett
I F Leonard, city
J Victor. U S N
T T Young. U S N
T J O" Brian. Sacto
E Lamb..St Louis. Mo
J A Collins. Grants Ps
Chas J Allen. B C
Miss A B Scott. Colo
L Wilson. Sacto - -
Mrs Webster. N T
I Large, Los Ang
N Rosenthel & w, Mdr
B Shaw. Denver
M Dinkelsplel. S Mteo
F Jaeger, New Jersey
Gladys Jaeger. N J
F W Jaeger. N J
D Frazer, Tenn
Mrs Mackey. Denver
Miss Mackey. Denver
Mrs Smith. Colo
S Mears,' Portland
L T Wright, Cal
A MInard & w. Chgo
W Van Andale & w,
McCloud
Miss Van Andale. McC
T Lewis, St J. Mo
T Flint Jr. San Juan
r J Ennls. Portland
Mrs Travis, Salt Lake
J Thomson & w. Pa
Hall McAllister & w.
San Mateo
N Salisbury & w, Bvd
F H Yost. Stanford
Mrs Hume, Berkeley
P Plerpont, Ohio
T Field & w, Montery
C Bacciocco & w Ohio
H C Laxhler. Pa .
C Truax, Chicago
B Thayer & g, San Jos
S Thompson, Chicago
J Sparks, W V
J r> Carr Jr. Stanford
X S Large. Orovllle
L Freeman. Morrstwn
PALACE HOTEL.
GRAND HOTEL.
W Brown, Philadelpha
Cecelia Brown. Phlla
L Brown. Philadelphia
L Katten & w, Stktn
C Thompson & w. Sact
F Moors, Marysville
C- Marlon. Arizona
G C Booth, Sacto
L Luther*. Ks Lndng
G Hark, Mill Valley
A Randolph, S Quentn
F Jlmponi, Chicago
C Bursoon. Texas
IV Kendrick, L03 Ang
S Shook & niece, Ptsbg
H J Bruml, Lockeford
Mrs "WTiltney, Bakrsfld
Miss K Day. Bkrsfld
I Rosenberg & w. Wdld
W P.Mesler. Illinois
A M Niles, Dawson
E Oliver & w. Portlnd
C Black. Montreal
H Dalton, Montreal
H Harvey & w. Spkne
F Worcester & w. Seat
Miss Worcester, Seattl
} Richardson. Suisun
H Worcester. Seattle
IT Theberatl & w. Msvl
N Snook. San Jose
Mrs Snook. San Jose
Dr Green, Watsonvilla
Dr Penninger, Reno
Miss Sollltt, Chicago
J Montgomery. Chicae
Miss Thome. Indiana
M Williams & d. WdlJ
A Le Gro, Detroit
jL Hammond & w Chs
G Jessen, Watsonville
B Moore, San Jose
G Kennedy. Livermore.
R Harte, Fresno
E Pattee. Cal
Mrs. Oatmon & 8, Cal
Mrs Potts. Jamestown
Miss Potts, Jamestown
;E C Hart. Sacto
|W Doan & w, Sacto
N Doan, Sacto
N McFall, Nevada Cy
IR Walker, Grass Vlly
,C Truax. Chicago
I A W Collins. Cal
'Mrs Brown, Los Ang-
J Reed. Woodland
IC A Carroll. Callstoga
|1? R Mabury, San Josa
,C McLouth. San Joso
A Olsen & w, Sacto
H Bracher, San Jose
iR Diomas, Los Ang
IMrs Carter. N Y
iMrs Swlergert. S Jose
J Robinson. Berkeley
G Greenwell. Cal
E Price. San Rafael
jC Crawford. San Rafel
IW Ho Ulster. Gaviota
HOTEL ARRXVAIiS.
WEATHER AXD CROP CONDITIONS.
Hollirter— Beets doing well; Foster peaches
ripening.
Hanfor3 — All crops favorable.
fian Jose — Occasional showers during day.
I>rled apricots commanding good prices.
Palermo— All orops doing well.
Ventura— Cloudy till noon.
Santa Maria— Beans still blooming: about 5000
packs threshing dallv.
G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official, temporarily In charge.
MONDAY, Aug. 5-4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. ' • Bid Ask
Alpha 03 04 Justice 05 06
Alta 04 06 Kentuck 02 04
Andes 03 04 Lady Wash .... 01 —
Belcher 05 07 Mexican 12 13
Best & Belcher 14 .15 Occidental 03 04
Bullion 01 03 Ophlr .'. 68 67
Caledonia ...... 30 34 Overman 12 13
Challenge Con. 33 34 Potosl 05 . 00
Chollar 05 .06 Savage 06 07
Confidence .;...l 05 1 10 Scorpion ... _ 04
Con Cal & Va..l S5 1 90 Seg Belcher 01 02
Con Imperial... — 02 Sierra Nevada 13 14
Con New York. — 01 Silver Hill 32 33
Crown Point... 08 09 St Louis 06 —
Eureka Con.... 10 — Standard —3 65
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate ...... 07 —
Gould & Curry- 12 13 Union Con 11 1-
Hale & Norc... 23 21 Utah oi 02
Julia: -. — - 0i Yellow Jacket.. 26 27
CLOSING 'QUOTATIONS.
Afternoon Session.
400 Challenge Con. 33 200 Ophlr 67
100 Con Cal & Va..l 05 100 Sierra Nevada 13
110 Con Cal & V.I 92% 200 Silver Hill ....'. 32
300 Confidence 1 lfl 400 Silver Hill 33
700 Hale & Norc... 24 200 Union Con 12
900 Justice 05 300 Yellow Jacket.. 27
300 Mexican 13
100 Alpha Con 03 200 Hale & Norc... 25
; ICO Best & Belcher 13 200 Mexican 13
600 Con Cal & V.I 92% 200 Ophir 69
100 Con Cal & Va..l 9S 200 Ophlr 67
100 Confidence 1 15 100 Sierra Nevada. 14
200 Confidence 1 00 200 Tellow Jacket 24
1000 Con Imperial... 01 200 Yellow Jacket.. 25
1000 Con Imperial... 02 5C0 Yellow Jacket.. 26
Morning Session.
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
300 Best '& Belcher 11 200 Sierra Nevada. 14
100 Challenge 34 200 Silver Hill 34
1500 Con Cal & Va..l 90 50 Union Con 12
500 Mexican .... 13 11C0 Yellow Jacket.. 26
300 Ophir 67
Afternoon Session,
300 Andes 03 300 Gould & Curry 13
400 Challenge 33 300 Ophir 66
100 Challenge 32 100 Overman 12
600 Chollar 06 200 Sierra Nevada. 14
100 Con Cal & Va.-2 00 100 Yellow Jacket.. 25
100 Confidence 1 05
Morning Session.
The following were the sales In the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
MINING STOCKS.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2—
August 695'
September 69% 70% 68% 70%
December 71% 73V6 71V» 72 7 4
Corn. No. 2— .
September 57% 68% 56% 57%
October 58%' 58%' 57% 5SVi
December 59 59% 68 58"i
Oats. No. 2—
September 35 35H 34% 35
May 37% 38% 37% 37%
Mess Pork, per bbl.—
September 14 30 14 30 14 17% 14 17%
January 15 15 15 15 14 97% 15 oo'
Lard, z>er 100 lbs. —
September 8 80 8 SO 8 72% 8 75
October 8 85 8 87%; 8 80 8 80
January 8 85 8 85 8 75 8 75
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs.—
September 7 92% 7 97% 7 92% 7 92%
October 7 95 8 02% 1 95 7 P5 *
January 7 85 7 90 7 80 7 80
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. . Heavy salted
Steers. 10%c; medium. 9@10c; light. S%@3c;
Cow. Hides. 8%@9c for heavy and S%@9c for
light: Stags. 6%c; Salted Kip, 9%c; Salted V«al
9%@l0c: Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides 16®lf-% c '
Culls. 14c; Dry Kip. 16c: Dry Calf. 17@17%u;
Culls and Brands, 14(S>15c; Sheepskins, shear
lings 15(@30c each; short Wool, 30@50c each
medium 50@75c; long Wool. 75c@|l each; Horse
Hides, salt, $2 50tfr3 75 for large and S2@2 25 for
medium, |1 50@l 75 for small and 50c for Colts;
Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for large, SI 50 for me
dium. $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins—Summer or red skins. 35c; fall or medium
Ektns. 30c: winter or thin'sklns, 20c. Goatskins
—Prime Angoras, 75c; large and' smooth. 5Uc;
medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No.' 1 rendered. 4?ic per lb; choice
Be- No 2 3'i@4c; grease. 2MSf2c. ' >
WOOL— Spring. 1000 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendocino, 14@1">%c: do. Lambs', lie per lb;
Northern, ¦ free. 12S13c: defective. 9@llc; Middle
County, free. 10@Uc; do. defective. 8@10c:
Southern. 12 months. 8<ff9c: Southern, free. 7
months. 7@10c: do, defective. 7 months. 7@8c:
Oregon Valley, . fine, 14<raiac; do, medium and
coarse. Uirai3c; Oregon. Eastern, choice. Il@l3c:
do. fair to good, 9@llc; Nevada, 10@ll%c Fall
—San Joaquin Lambs'. 7%@9c.
HOPS— 15g20c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
A dispatch from Chicago to Bolton. de Ruyter
& Co. says that the twenty-two mills In Min
neapolis are working day and night to catch
up on orders for Flour. The entire output for
two months has been sold, and the weekly
grind now averages 330,000 barrels. It Bcenis>
that the domestic trade has been holding off
for a decline, and is now buying. European
holdings have also been large and when these
are worked off a big business Is expected from
that quarter. Millers are generally looking for
higher prices for Flour.
FLODR- California Family Extras, $3 23(g>
$3 50 usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25-
Oregon, $2 50(g2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers'; Washington bakers', $2 73
@3.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour $3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. S7; Corn Meal. S3 25;
extra cream do. $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy,
%\<IH 25; Buckwheat Flour. $4Jr4 25: Cracked
Wheat. $3 50: Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 23: Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 S5®8 35
in sacks, $6 SOjJS; Pearl Barley. $5; Split
Peas $5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
SPECIAL DAILY FRUIT SERVICE.
Board —
300 Bear Flag '. 05
500 Bear Flag 04
50 Home Oil Co... 2 30
10400 Junction 10
20 Peerless 5 50
Afternoon Session.
Board — •
3 Hanford 93 00
100 Monte Crlsto , • 1 60
20 Peerless \ 550
100 Peerless b 60 5 87%
Morning Session.
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, I2c per lb for heavy,
12%c for light medium. 13%c for light. 14%c for
extra light and 16c for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams. 13%@14c: California Hams
13@13V4c: Mess Beef. $1150 per bbl: extra Mess
$12; Family, $13; prime Mess Pork. $15; extra
clear, $23; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef, 13%@l4c
per lb. . ¦ ¦ "
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7@7%c per lb for
compound and 10%c for pure; half-barrels, pure
10%c: 10-lb tins. U^c; 5-lb tins. ll%c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 9%c; three
half-barrels. 9 l ,4c: one tierce, 9%c; two tierces,
9c; five tierces. 8%c per lb.
There Is nothing new to report.
Provisions.
Generally cloudy and threatening weather
with scattered, light showers and thunder
etorms prevails over the southern portion of the
Pacific Slopr. while clear and very warm
v/eather prevails over the northern portion.
The pressure has risen Flowly over the coun
try west of the Rocky Mountains and fallen
over the Urrer Missouri Valley.
The temperature has fallen over the south
ern "portion of the Pacific S'.ope and along the
¦Washington coast. In other districts the
changes have been slight.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
houre ending midnight. August 6:
Northern California — Generally cloudy and
threstening. probably with scattering. light
ehowers; fresh southwest wind.
Southern California— -Generally cloudy Tues
day, probably with showers in the mountains;
fresh wept wind.
Nevada— Cloudy, with occasional ehowers
Tuesday: fresh northwest wind.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy and
threatening Tuesday; fresh southwest wind.
FORECAST.
7 a. m.— Temperature, T<t degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
CHICAGO, Aug. 5.— September wheat opened
unchanged to %c higher .at 69%@69%c under
buying orders and an advance at Paris. Trade
was very dull for a time, however, and an
easier tone in corn found Its reflection In
wheat, which worked off to 6S%@63%c during
the first half-hour. Seaboard clearances were
again reported as heavy, while offerings from
first hands In the West were said to be light.
While gloomy tidings of the condition of the
corn crop had no marked effect In the pit
where maize for futuro delivery Is handled. It
was accepted by wheat traders as emphasizing
the bullishness of the wheat position. A fair
sized short Interest was driven to cover, Sep
tember advancing to 70%c. On profit-taking
the market fell back -slightly, but held strong
September closing l%i over Saturday at 70%c.
The corn market opened steady, but ruled
easy for a time thereafter because of general
showers West, as well as favorable tempera
tures. Crop reports came in with the usual
tone of despondency uninterrupted. Damage
is now claimed In Illinois and Iowa. The
market rallied on these reports, the close be
ing %c over Saturday at 57%c for September.
Trade In oats was moderately active, but
was mostly done by pit professionals. Sep
tember closed a shade down at 35c. •
Provisions were dull, only a small business
of a purely professional character being done.
September pork closed 10c lower and lard and
ribs each 2%c depressed.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
Fruits of the new crop continue very strong,
with continued large purchases in the country.
FRUITS— Apricots. 7^&10c for new Royals
and 7%c to 14c for standard to fancy Moor
parks; new Evaporated ApDlep, C@7c: new
Peaches. 5%©7c for future delivery; Pears. i@
Sc;. Plums, pitted, 3@5c; unpltted, l(?tl%e; Nec
tarlnce, 4®4%c for red and 4@5c for" white.
PRUNES— The association has withdrawn
quotations, and will sell no more at present.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy. 12c per lb; choice, lie;
standard, 10c; prime. 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's, 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, lO^c per lb:
choice. 9%c; standard. 8%c: prime, 8c; un
bleached Sultanas. 8c: Seedless, 50-lb boxes.
6%c; 4-crown, 7c: 3-crown. 6%c; 2-crown. 6cr
Pacific brand— 2-crown. 5c: • 3-crown. S^c, and
4-crown. 5%c; seeded (Fresno prices), 6c; Lon
don Layers. 2-crown. $150 per box; 3-crown.
$1 60;. Fancy Clusters. $2; Deheea. $2 50: Impe
rials, $3. All prices f. o. b. at common ship
ping points In California.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 120il2%c; No.
2, 8@8%c; No. 1 hardshell, 10<ZH0%c: No. 2.'6%<ii>
7%c; Almonds. 13$£14c for paper-sheil. 10©llc for
softshell and 5<J?6c for hardshell: Peanuts. 5J8
7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@12%c: Filberts.
12ff?12'-4c: Pecans. 11013c; Cocoanuts, $2 50@5. "
_ HONEY— Comb. ll@12c for bright and 9@10c
for light amber; water white extrncted. 5%<S!6c;
light amber extracted. 4%*?'5c; dark. 3%(341ic.
BEESWAX— 25@2Sc ,per lb.
At the Davlsvllle sale of Almonds on the
3d, the successful bidders paid . the following
prices: Nonpareil, 13%c: 1. X. L., ll%c; Ne
Plus Ultra, ll%c; Drake's, 9%c; Languedoc,
9%c. . The Brentw:ood sale will take place on the
17th. The above prices are much higher than
were expected.
Dried Fruits, A r uts and Raisins.
Weather Report.
<i:0th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 5—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka, 3S; Mount Tamalpais. 79; Red Bluff,
ICO; Fresno, 100; Los Angeles. S6; Sacramento,
66; San Luis Obispo, SO: San Diego, 74.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
tS; mininmum. 52; mean. 55.
THE COAST RECORD.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
- Second Session — No sales. - . .;'
Regular Morning Session — No sales. J[
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— A sample of new White from Oregon
was shown on 'Change yesterday." It was a fine
lot, . with a large plump. grain. The crop up
there is reported large.
The Government Is out for 4000 tons of olil
Oats for Manila. Some surprise Is expressed
among the trade that the Government should
call for old Oats at this time of the year, when
the new crop is Just coming In, especially as
old Oats will be apt to get weevilly before
they can be used In the Philippines. Prices
are unchanged at 93c@$l 02% for Black and 97 %c
(g$l 15 per ctl for Red.
CORN— Chicago was firm at a small advance,
though there was considerable falling off In the
volume of speculation. The weather over the
belt was clear and cool.
This market was dull, nominal and un
changed.
Small round Yellow. $1 75: Eastern Yellow,
$1 62V45J1 65; White, fl 70@l 75 per" ctl; mixed,
$1 50(31 55.
HlYE~72%@77%c rer ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— None in first hands.
Informal .Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
6000 ctls. $1 02?i.
Second Session — December — 10,000 ctls, $1 03.
Regular Morning Session — December — 2000 ctls.
?1 03; 2000, |1 02%. May— 2000, $1 06%.
Afternoon Sessioln— December— 8000 ctls,
*1 02%.
BARLEY — The market shows no further
change worthy of note. Spot business is dull,
but large purchases of brewing for shipment
are being made in the country.
Feed. 73%c for choice bright, 71>4@72%c for
No. 1 and 67%©70c for oft grades: Brewing and
Shipping grades, 77%@85c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
WHEAT— Paris futures again advanced. It
was a holiday at Liverpool. The world's ship
ments for the week were as follows, in quar
ters: Russian, 60,000; Danubian, 3000; Argentine,
20,000; Indian, 12,000; Australian, 27,000. The
American visible supply increased 1,199,000
bushels. ¦-
Chicago opened steady and moderately active.
There were showers In 'the Missouri River Val
ley Saturday night, but the weather yesterday
was clear. Later on the market became much
firmer and advanced 2c to 70%c. Cash houses were
buying and . interior . acceptances were very
light. The buying on the whole was excellent,
but the short interests were large.
This market advanced both on and oft call.
¦ Spot .Wheat— Shipping, 97Vi@98%c; milling,
?1@1 02% per ctl. • , "
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — \ $4 83%
Sterling Exchange, sight ."....— 4 88%
Sterling Cables — 4 89%
New York Exchange, ?'ght. ....... — 07%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — . 10
Silver, per ounce — 58%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 <^ 4/%
Exchange and Bullion. •,
NEW TORK, Aug. 5.— Evaporated apples are
meeting a moderate demand, with domestic
traders the principal buyers. Desirable grades
are held firmly at former prices. State, com
mon to eood, 4%<87c; prime, 7@7%c- choice
7»4@Sc; fancy, S@8%c. California dried fruits
w«re inactive. Prunes, 3%@7c. Apricots,
Royal. 8%ffl3c. Peaches, peeled, ll(S18c; un
peeled, 6@9%c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EGGS— Receipts, S350 packages. Steady;
Western, candled. 12<gl6%c; Western, un
candled, 8@14c.
SUGAR— Raw, quiet and steady; fair refin
ing, 3 9-16c: centrifugal. 96 test. 5 3-S2c; mo
lasses sugar, 3 5-16c; refined, quiet. ,
BUTTER— Receipts, 7785 packages. Steady;
State dairy, 14@19e; creamery. 16@20%c; West
ern June factory, 15@15%c; imitation creamery.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, dull; No. 7 invoice, 5%c
mild, quiet; Cordova, S@ll%c. Coffee options
closed 5 to 10 points net lower. Total sales
amounted to 14.000 bags, including: September,
4.85c; December, 5.05c; February, 5.20c; March,
5.30c; May. 5.40c; July, 5.50@5.55c.
WHEAT— Receipts. 238,450 bushels; exports,
24S.121 bushels. Spot, firm; No. 2 red, 77%c f.
o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 75%c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth. 7S%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth, S6%c f. o. b. afloat. Options
eased off after the opening on better crop news
in the spring wheat States and short selling.
Later they turned strong, however, on foreign
buying, higher French markets, big clear
ances, a scare of shorts' and' small world's
shipments. Closed firm at %@lc net advance
September, ,74V4@75%e. closed. 75%c; October,
i.>@70Hc, closed 76c; December, 76*i®78V4c
closed 77%c. - •
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Dull.
NEW TORK, Aug. 5.— FLOUR— Receipts,
22,855 barrels: exports, 8275 barrels. Fairly
active and a shade firmer with wheat. Winter
straights, $3 30(2~3 50; Minnesota patents, $3 75
<3*.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Mail advices from New York say: "Con
sumptive trade in dried fruits was of fair pro
portions and the market generally was steady
and unchanged. Prunes were firm on the spot
et about Uc higher prices than were quoted
a week ago, while the situation on the coast
vas said to be stronger, the Cured Fruit As
sociation having withdrawn quotations. The
large sizes of prunes were scarce on the spot
and In good request. Sizes 70-SOs and S0-90s
¦were little wanted, but there is quite an ac
tive trade in 90-100s at 3'i(f 3»ic. Three-crown
loots raisins were a little firmer on reports
that the Cured Fruit Association has disposed
cf its holdings of three-crown to the packers.
Only a small trade is doing in spot raisins.
Currants continue dun at no further change
in quotations. Evaporated apples are firm and
unchanged. New crop evaporated were easier,
buyers showing considerably less disposition
to take hold. Small fruits were quiet."
Dried Fruit in Nczv York
Nczv York Grain and Produce.
MINING STOCKS,
Adams Con 23 Little Chief . 12
Alice 45 Ontario "*8 50
Breece 1 40 Ophlr " 65
Brunswick Con...... 11 Phoenix or
Comstock Tunnel... 06 Potosf " ea
Con Cal & Va.. 1 90 Savage ......!!!!"" 05
Deadwood Terra ... 53 Sierra Nevada 12
Horn Silver 1 73 Small Hopes 50
Iron Silver : 55 Standard 3 20
,-LeadvIUe Con 06
CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg 107% N T Central lsts.,104%
Do coup ....107% N J C Ben 5S......129W
Do 3s reg lCSH Northern Pa 3s 72
Do 3s coup — ...10«Vi Do 4s 1041/
Do new 4s reg.... 137 N Y, C 4 St. L 4s 107U
Do new 4s coup. .137 N & W con 4s. 101
Do old 4s reg..... 113 Oregon N lsts ... lO7Vi
Do old 4s coup.. .113 Do 4s 102%
Do Ss reg 107*4 Oregon S L 6s 131
• Do 5s coup 107% Do con 5s 11714
Dist of C 3.65s 124 Reading gen 4s....! 9SVi
Atchison gen 4s 103 Rio G W lsts... 101 Vi
Do adjt 4s 96% SI.4IM con 5b.. 116
Canada So 2ds 110 S L & S F een 6s.l30
C & O 4%s 107% St. Paul con ......173
5s ]20 St. P. C & P lsts. .114%
C & N con 7s 135V4 Do 5s 117U
C * N S F deb 5s. 122 Southern Pa 4s ...'. 9u|
Chicago Term 4s... 94% Southern Ry 5s ....116U
Cpl^ado So 4s 87 SR4T 6s '.. 57%
£ , & R O <« ..M01% Texas & Pa lsts.. .118%
Erie sen 4s 86 Do 2ds . in?
E W ,,f D C !»*«•• H* Union Pa 4i";";: 103%
Gen Electric 5s 200 Wabash lsts .... 118
Icwa C lsts 115% Do 2ds ..110%
L & N. unified 4s.. 101 West Shore 4s in£
m. k & T 2d* mi wi« c uS .:!::::::«h-
M, K & T 4s 97 1 Va-.Centurles ...... 94%
6G9.000 Shares sold.
the market of Its usual cue as to the attitude
of the foreign speculators toward the develop
ments over Sunday. The large expansion in the
loan item of Saturday's bank statement was
commented on to-day but not adequately ex
plained. The Increase Is believed to be due to
various corporate financing now in progress. .
Money rates were easy all day and the sub
treasury paid out a million dollars, on gold
receipts at Pacific Coast points. As the session
drew to a close the pressure against the stock
market increased and the lowest prices of the
day were made in the final dealings. Reports
were current that United States Steel comnifn
and preferred were to be held at 40 and 90 re
epectiully,- but the preferred nevertheless broke
to 89%. The Immense dealings in the stocks were
made within a range of a point, comparing the
opening and closing prices of the day. Rail
road stocks covered a range of two points.
Railroad bonds were fairly active but weak
in sympathy with stocks. Total sales, par
value, $2,250,000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
8 ' . Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid
53.400 Atchlton C9«
1.800 Atchison prefd 92%
£,9uO Baltimore & Ohio 941*
200 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 92
2,100 Canadian Pacific 107%
300 Canada Southern 66%
3,500 Chesapeake & Ohio 43%
2,200 Chicago & Alton 3f>4
100 Chicago & Alton prefd 57%
400 Chicago. Ind & Louis 32Vi
300 Chicago, Ind & Louis prefd 67'
£00 Chicago & Eastern Illinois :....12O
4,600 Chicago & Great Western 20%
100 Chicago & Great Western A prefd.. 81Vi
, 300 Chicago & Great Western B prefd.. 44»i
l,40() Chicago & Northwestern 188
-.100 Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific 135
1,100 Chicago Terminal & Trans 18
500 Chicago Terminal & Trans prefd.... 36%
500 C, C, C & St Louis I. S9
300 Colorado Southern 12%
COO Colorado Southern 1st prefd 43^
100 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 21%
1,300 Delaware & Hudson 157
SOO Delaware. Lacka wanna & West "3
Denver &. Rio Grande 4")U
1.300 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 8S%
2.600 Erie Vst'pr'efd.'........'!!"'' ¦¦••• '_>•
100 Erie 2d prefd '.'.".[ 451!
600 Great Northern prefd "l71
200 Hocking Valley..... 48 ii
600 Hocking Valley prefd 73V;
5.200 Illinois Central.... '...'.'.'.' U1K.
Iowa Central....". 34k
200 Iowa Central prefd ' 72
300 Lake Erie & Western ' 50U
...... Lake Erie & Western prefd 115'
10.20-9 Louisville & Nashville 100
6,700 Manhattan L 11514
1,200 Metropolitan St Ry .'.. 153%
900 Mexican Central 22
400 Mexican National g\'
Minneapolis & St Louis !..!lO6
8,500 Missouri Pacific' 9414
1,109 Missouri, Kansas & Texas...!!! 25
L3O0 Missouri. KanBas & Texas prefd . 51U
....... New Jersey Central 158
3,700 New York Central ' "i;o
E.100 Norfolk & Western .'.'.'!'" WL
Norfolk & Western prefd '.. 88'
....... Northern Pacific prefd 100
6,100 Ontario & Western aiu.
p c c & st l ....;; $3*
23.000 Pennsylvania 149
S.500 Reading «,,
3,200 Reading 1st prefd "! 751I
1,400 Reading 2d prefd "" vi
2,400 St Louis & San Francisco. ..'.'.'.'.'.'.'.' *37U
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 77'
600 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd.... ' f)5«
200 St Louis Southwestern 26«
LS0O St Louis Southwestern prefd . ' 57
20.700 St Paul ..' " ,«!/
St Paul prefd Jri *
43,700 Southern Pacific ••-•--.
11,500 Southern Railway ooi?
L000 Southern Railway prefd.. "" n
2,800 Tpxas & Pacific jjc,,
Toledo. St Louis & West .'. 20V
303 Toledo, St Louis & West prefd.!!!" 32K
62,200 Union Pacific <m?
1.200 Union Pacific prefd """ R71?
2.200 Waba«h :*-"
400 Wabaeh prefd *¦*-" 37
700 Wheeling & Lake Erie 17%
'Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd."" 2$<A
SOO Wisconsin Central ......"" 20
Express Companies—
j Adams 17Q
American
United States • "„ £,
Wells Fargo !!!.14O
MiFcellaneous—
12.7CO Amalgamated Copper UW.
1,500 American Car & Foundry '" 2J»i
1.000 American Car & Foundry prefd " S2
American Linseed OH " 21U
100 American Linseed Oil prefd. si
2,r00 American Smelting & Refining..!!! 5VA
SOO Am. Smelting & Refining prefd 99%
1.1M) American Tobacco '130
2.0C0 Anaconda Mining Co """"421*
8,400 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 73
400 Colorado. Fuel & Iron """" m
3,600 Consolidated Gas 217U
R00 Continental Tobacco !! &¦
Continental Tobacco prefd tis
*X> General Electric ""ito
W) Glucose Sugar .' 53
700 Hocking Coal "" Jg
COO International Paper ;;.-.* 20
100 International Paper prefd "" 75
700 International Power '.'."' 90
Laclede Gas --•-.
1«) National Biscuit !!!!"" 41%
SOO National Lead *" io?
National Salt !!!" 40
National Salt prefd "" 751,4
300 'Xorth American pjji-,
100 Pacific Coa«=t "¦ en'"
600 Pacific Mail !.'!" 37V,
3.500 People's Gas 112W
200 Pressed Steel Car 4U4
. 700 Pressed Steel Car prefd g2%
200 Pullman Palace Car 204
1,300 Republic Steel ".'"- jj^i
5^0 Republic Steel prefd " 72 w
45.800 Sugar jjoi^
27.SO0 Tennessee Coal & Iron .." f.8%
200 I'nion Bag & Paper Co M'-X
Union Bag & Paper Co. prefd 70%
2.. r 00 United States Leather 12%
1.100 United States Leather prefd 78«
SCO i:nit«d States Rubber \;v.
United States Rubber .pref *....... ss
175.400 United States Steel 40
72.SO0 United States Steel prefd \\ R9Si
3,700 Western Union 90
WASHINGTON, Aug. 5.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,C00,0C0 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $177,969,212; gold, $100,634,555.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Aug. 5.— WHEAT— Quiet; blue,
stem, 57%c; club, 56c.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, ' Aug. 5.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 56@36%e; blue stem, 58c. Cleared British
bark Dumfrieshire, • with 149,541 bushels of
wheat for Queenstown.
Northern Wheat Market.
Bay Co P C 5s.lO6% — Oceanic SS 5s.l01',il03
Cal-st 5s 116%— Omnibus C 6s. 127% —
C C Water 5s. 107% — Pac G Imp 4s. — 100
Ed L & P 6s..l28%133% Pk & Cl H 6s. 106 —
Per & CI R 6s.ll7% — Pk & O R 6s. .117 —
Geary-st 5s.... — — Powll-st 3t 63.120 —
H C & S 5%s..lO6% — Sac E G R 5s. 95 —
Do 5s......:..-— 102% S F & SJV 5s.l20% —
Los Ansr R 5s. 115% — Sierra Cal 6s.. — 110
L A Light 6s.. — 102 S P of A te
Do gntd 6s. .100 — (1903) 112
Do sntd 5s— 103 — (1910) 113 114%
L A & Pac fs.101 103 S P of C 6s
Do 1 c m 5s. 102% — (19C5), Ser A. — 109'i
Mkt-st Cab 6s.l26y 2 128 (1905), Ser B.110 —
Do I c m os.123%12414 (1906) 112}4114
Nev C N G 7S.103 114 (1912) 120% —
Nor R Cal 63.111% — S P of C&l 1st
Do 5s 118% — c «ntd 5S....107 —
Nor Pac C 6s.l01%104 S P Br Cal 6s. 136 —
Do 5s.. 105 — S V Water 6s.U4 —
Nor R Cal 5s. 110 113 Do 4s 102%102%
Oak Gas 3s.... 112% — Do4s3d mtg.101 — '
Do Trans 6s. 118 119 Stktn Gas 6s.. — —
D oWater 58.102 102%
. . WATER STOCKS.
Contra Ccsta.. 76% 76% I Spring Valley. 85% 86
Marln County. 50—1
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... 4 5 .Pac Light — ' —
Equitable 4% 5% Sacramento .. — — -
Mutual 5 6 S F G & E 42 4"t4
Oakland 51 51 Vi San Fran VI 4%
Pac Gas Imp. — ¦ — | Stktn G & E.. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund. — 247 |
BANKS
Anglo-Cal .... 77% 81 L P & A: 154 —
California 404 406 Mer Ex (liq).. 16
Cal Safe De P ..107% — S F National.. 129% —
First Nat S F.305 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ......1870 1D00 Sav & Loan... — —
Humboldt — — Security 275 —
Mutual Sav... 50 — . Union Trust.. 1600 —
San Francisco.520 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ....130 134 O S L & H.. 40 —
Geary — 43 Presidio — 40 -
Market 75 75%l
POWDER.
Giant : 76>i 76%|Vigorlt 3 VA
SUGAR.
Hana 6% 6% Kilauea 16 16%
Hawaiian .... 49 50 Makaweli .... 30% 30%.
Honokaa 15«4 16 Onomea :...... 21 22%
Hutchlnson ...16% 17 Paauhau 17% 18
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.. 130 131 Oceanic S Co.. 45 50
Cal Fruit Can. 96 98% Pac Aux F A. 2 —
Cai Wine Asn. — 100 Pac C Borax.. 165 —
Mer Ex 110 — Par Paint 16 — •
Morning Session.
Board —
25 Contra Costa Water 75 87U
50 Hana Plantation Co ¦. .. 6 50 "
100 Makaweli ] 30 75 j
55 Market-street .Railway * 74 75
10 Market-street Railway 75 12%
15 Market-street Railway 73 25
5 Oakland Gas 51 00
325 Paauhau Sugar Plan Co n 50
25 Paauhau Sugar Plan Co.." 17 ktil
130 S F Gas & Electric Co a- 371!
20 S F Gas & Electric Co "" 4? 23
. 25 S F Gas & Electric Co \\ 42 12U
•• Afternoon Session.
Board — . -
23 Contra Co3ta Water 76 73
10 Giant Powder Con " 76 25
40 Giant Powder Con 7550
15 Hutchinson Sugar Plan Co 16 50
$5000 Oakland Transit-Co 6s ; US 50
250 Paauhau Sugar Plan Co... 17 50
20 S F Gas & Electric Co.". 4"> 00
Street—
4 German Savings & Loan..... 1880 00
25 Makaweli 30 75
50 Market-street Railway 73 25
30 S F Gas & Electric Co J 42 00
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS
! Bld.Ask. Bid.Ask,
Is quar coup... 113 imj (a qr cp (new). 137 138
4s quar reg 113 113% 3s quar coup..l08U109
UNITED STATES BONDS.
STOCK A2TD BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, Aug. 5—2 p. m.
Portland's "Business.
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 5.— Clearings, $457,
237; balances, $78,173.
NEW YORK, Aug. 5.— Money on call, steady,
at 2®2% per cent; last loan; 2 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 4V4@5 per cent. Sterling Ex
change firm, with actual business in bankers'
bills at $4 87% for demand and at $4 SSU®
$4 85%' for sixty days. Posted rates, $4 S6@
$4 88%. Commercial bills, $4 84&@4 85. Bar
silver. 58%c- Mexican dollars, 46c. Government
bonds steady; railroad bonds weak; State bonds
inactive.
New York Money Market J
CITRUS FRUITS— Mediterranean Sweets,
Valenclas and St. Michaels, $1@3 50; Lemons,
$1 50(g2 50 for common and $3@4 for good to
choice: Grape Fruit. 50c<S$l 50: Mexican Limes.
$6 50@7; Bananas, $1@2 per bunch; Pineapples,
$1 50@2 50 per dozen.
¦ GRAPES— Fontalnebleau and Sweetwater, 75c
@$1 per box; Tokay. per crate; Muscats,
60c(S$l 10; Seedless. $10150; Black. 85c@$l 25.
MELONS— Nutmegs, 25@50c per box; Can
taloupes, 5Cc per half crate and 50c@$l 25 per
large crate; Watermelons, 5@25c apiece.
PEACHES— 25@60c per box and 30@50c per
basket and $20@25 per ton for Frees and $30®
35 for Cllnrs. ¦ ¦• - " . ¦
NECTARINES— White. 25@35c per box; Red,
40@6oc.
PEARS— Bartletts, $1 per box for No. 1, 50®
60c for No. 2 and $30@33 per ton.
STRAWBERRIES— $3(^5 per chest for Long
worths and $3(54 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— S3@5 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— $5@6 per chest.
RASPBERRIES-$4@7 per chest.
HUCKLEI3ERRIES-7(R9c per lb.
FIGS— Black, 73c per box for single and
for double layers; White. 50@75c. •' .
PLUMS— 35@75c per box; Prunes, 40c@$l per
crate; Green Gages, $15@20 per ton; Egg Plums,
?20.
. APPLES— 75c@$l per box for good to choice
and 40@60c for ordinary.
. APRICOTS— 25(8 60c per box; in bulk, $15@23
per ton.
CRABAPPLES— 60c@$l per box, according to
package. • . •
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
Grapes are in better assortment, but supplies
are not over large and prices show little change.
Peaches are quoted weaker for clings in bulk,
the other descriptions remaining about as be
fore. Bartlett Pears in bulk are also slightly
lower. Plums and . Prunes continue very firm
at the high prices, with a brisk demand which
consumes all arrivals. Figs are still very
scarce. Berries are lower.
Melons are In larger supply and Nutmegs are
drugging the 'market. Prices are lower all
around. Cantaloupes are also In liberal supply.
Citrus fruits rule very firm under light sup
plies, as wlll.be seen' by the quotations.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 5.— Cotton futures closed
quiet, with prices net 2 to 3 points higher.
NEW YORK. Aug. 5.— The visible supply of
grain Saturday, August 3,. as complied by the
New York Produce Exchange, is as follows:
Wheat/ 30,459,000 bushels; increase, 1,199.000.
Corn, 12,565,000 bushels; decrease, 822,000. Oats,
4,354,000 bushels; decrease. 1.354,000. Rye, 656,
000 bushels; decrease, 98,000. Barley, 313,000
bushels; Increase, 50CO.
Visible Grain Supply.
The Paauhau Sugar Company has declared a
dividend of 20c per share, payable on the 10th.
The previous dividend was 30c per share.
The California Cotton" Mills Company will
pay .a quarterly dividend of $1 per share this
month. . ¦' , ¦ »
The Oakland Gas Company will pay a divi
dend of 25c per share* on the 15th.
The Standard Consolidated Company will pay
a dividend of 10c per share on the 21st.
' The California Wine Association has declared
a dividend cf 60c per share, payable on the 10th.
. The California Street Cable Company has de
clared a dividend of 50c per share, payable on
the 14th.
Business was quiet on the Bond Exchange,
with Market Street Railroad firmer at $74 75@
75 25. The oil stocks were quiet and unchanged.
The Pacific Lighting j Company paid a divi
dend of 35c per share yesterday.
Stiver, lower. Sterling Exchange weaker.
Wheat slightly higher. Barley unchanged.
Less speculation in Corn at Chicago.
Government wants 4000 tons of old Oats.
Bran and Middlings advanced 50c. Hay unchanged. .
Pink and large White Beans somewhat higher.
Potatoes zeeak under larger receipts. Onions firm.
Vegetable market overstocked with most descriptions.
Some Doves arrived. Poultry unchanged.
Eggs continue to advance. Cheese firm and Butter steady.
Melons in heavy supply and lower.
Oranges, Lemons and Limes very firm.
Cling Peaches and Bartlett Pears lower in bulk:
Ncto Almonds bring better prices than expected. .
New Dried Fruits strong and in lively demand.
Provisions unchanged. Hogs easier.
Another decline in Sugar.
Local stocks and bonds quiet.
STOCK MARKET.
. ' BOSTON STOCK
Money-
Call loans .......3 ©31^
rime loans 4 @4V&
Stocks —
AT & S F ......... 69%
Do prefd 92^4
American Sugar 130Vi
Amn Telephone ...158
Boston & Albany. .257
Boston & Maine... 193
Dominion Coal 38
Do prefd 116
U S Steel 40
Do prefd 89%
Fitchburg prefd ...144
Gen Electric ...:... 251%
Mexican Central .. 22
N E Gas & Coke.." 6
Old Colony .'..208
Old Dominion 30
Rubber . . . : \ 1714
Union Pacific 93%
IS AND BONDS.
West End 95 I
Bonds —
Atchison 4s 102
N E Gas & C 5s... 54: -
Mining Shares— I
Adventure 25
Bingham Mng Co.. 20%
Amal. Copper 110
Atlantic 36 .
Cal &^Hecla ..740@745
Centennial 27-
Franklin :. 17
Humboldt 25
Osceola 96
'Parrot 43 ¦
Quincy — : 170
Santa. Fe Copper... 6
Tamarack 345
Utah Mining 28%
Winona 2%
Wolverines 62
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Eggs continue to advance under diminishing
receipts. , Dealers are helping the advance
along, for it will enable them to work off their
Eastern and store goods. At the same "time
there is no scarcity of stock.
Cheese rules firm at higher prices.'
. Butter Is also quoted firm, though there Is
rather more oh the market. Fine creameries,
however, bring the top quotations without diffi
culty., ¦
Receipts were 110,000 I pounds of Butter, 524
cases of Eggs, 366 cases. Eastern Eggs, 2650
pounds of . California Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, 21@22c per lb for fancy
and 19@20c for seconds; dairy, 15@19c; store
Butter. 12%@15c per lb.
CHEESE— New, 10@llc; old.- . nominal;
Young Americas, ll@llVic per lb: Eastern, 13®
15c ' ¦ • :- ¦ - . ' ••¦
EGGS— Ranch. 19@23c for good to fancy;
store, 14@17%c per dozen; Eastern, 15@13c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Whitney Estate Company (owner) with J H
Wilson (contractor), architect N. Blaisdell-1
Tearing down of old brick work and new brick
work. etc.. for two additional stories to a flve
story brick building on lot on S line of Geary
street. 137:6 E of Stockton. E 112:6 by S 137 6-
E. W. Hopkins (owner) with W. F. 'Wilson
Co. (contractors), architect Clinton Day-
Plumbing, gasfltting and sewer work for two
additional stories to a five-story brick build-
Ing on lot on NW corner of Pine and Leides
dorff streets, W 36 by N 85; $3493.
Leon Lewin (owner) with Jones, Peterson &
Rountree (contractors), architects Newsom &
Newsom— AH work for a two-story attic and
basement frame building on lot on N line of
Pacific avenue, 94 E of Baker street. E 2S8
by N 127:8%; $8350. *
Same owner with Gulick & Wetherbee (con
tractors), architect same— Plumbing, gasfltting
and sewering for same on same; $5600.
Minnie P. Shotwell (owner) with Royal Heat-
Ing Company (contractors), architect N. Blais
dell—Steam heating plant for a six-story and
basement brick building on lot on SW line of
Fourth street. 309:4}, SE of Mission SE 34-4%
by SW 137:6; $805.
Builders' Contracts.
Frederick and Anna C Bammann to Armand
M. Vlvier. lot on the E line of Morton street
210 S of Railroad avenue. E 150 by S 40. block
26, Map of Homestead of Mary A. Fitch, Ala
meda; $3300.
James and Rachael R. Pursell to James S.
Hamilton, all interest in lot on the NW corner
of George and Warren streets. SW 100 by MW
50, block 2. Fltchburg Homestead lots, Berke
ley Township; $10.
Edwin W. and Mary A. Woodward to Frank
A. Pratt, lot 33 and W 23 feet of lot 38. Map
Forest Park Tract. Berkeley Township: $10
Edwin W. and Mary A. Woodward to Frank
A. Pratt. E one-half of lot 3S, Map Forest Park
Tract, quitclaim deed. Berkeley Township; $2.
Patrick M. Collins to Rav. L. Serda. lot on
the N line of Wilder street. 179 W of Bake-
W 25 by N 147.84, Map Mountain View Tract
being a portion of the Dohr Tract, Berkeley;
The Home Building Company (a corporation)
to Edwin W. Woodward. afl interest in W one
half of lot 38, Map Forest Park Tract, quit
claim deed. Berkeley Township: $10. • ;:
Estate of Elizabeth L. Hutchlnson. by Frank
B Ogden (executor), to W. H. Macklnnon. lot
on the NW line of New Broadway and Birch
streets. W 300, N 350, E 150. S 50, E 150, S 300
to beginning point, plat 13. Kellersberger" s Map
Rancho V. and D. Peralta; also lot 1 and N*
half lot 2, Claremont Park, being a re
subdivision of Iot3 3 to 8, block I, Vernon Park.
Oakland; $2075. .
William D. and Addie G. Macdonald to L. T.
Hlggins,. all interest In lot on the SE'llne of
First avenue, 370 NE of Summer street. NE 50
by SE 100, being portions of lots 8 and 9, Map
Locksley Square* Oakland; $10.
Mary H. Field (widow) to Mary G. Smith
(widow), all Interest In lot on the south line of
Hilgard avenue, 125 E of Le Roy avenue, E 50
by S 123, block 17 Daley's Scenic Park, Berke
ley: $800.
City of Paris Dry Goods Company to George
Sterling, 4.35 acres beginning S of county road.
No. 2044. NE 1160.82, E of Telegraph avenue.
NE 76.78. SE 114.30, SW 210.20. SE 209, SW
606.10. SW 167.SS, NW 826.25 to beginning, Oak
land; $10.
Marie Fusenot (wife of A.) to same, same,
quitclaim deed. Oakland; $10.
E. N. A., Alexander and Mary E. P. John
son et al. (by Clarence Crowell, commissioner)
to Lucinda Babbitt, lot on NW corner of Villa
avenue and Twelfth street, N 79 by W • 100,
block 2. San Pablo Avenue Villa Tract, Oak
land; $793.
Frances A. Getchell to Annie M. Anton, lot
on NW line of Sixth avenue. 50 SW of East
Seventeenth street, SW 50. NW 100. NE 31.
SE 23:8, NE 16. SE 4:4, NE 3. SE 72 to begin
ning, being a. portion of block 82. Clinton, East
Oakland; $10.
W. H. Martin to J. E. Whitehead. all in
terest In lot on W line of Union street. 170:3
S of Central avenue, S 30 by W 115, Oakland;
$10. - .
J. S. and Josie C. Burpee to Thomas and
Mary J. Rutherford, all interest in lot on S
line of Park street (properly Thirty-fifth or
Walton'etreet). 182:8% E of San Pablo avenue.
E 25. S 139:8, W along line dividing lota 26 and
4. 25 feet N of 139:6%. being W half of lot 26.
survey No. 545. quitclaim deed; Oakland: $10.
Massimo Andreant (or A. Masimo) to Ange
lina Andriana, lot on NE corner of Center and
West Thirteenth streets, E 103.43. N 29.1, W
105.66, S 25.50 to beginning, being block 5<».
Baseball Grounds, Fourteenth and Center
streets. Oakland; gift.
B. Kelsey to Lucinda Babbitt (widow). a!l
interest In lots 10 and 11, block 2, San Pablo
Avenue Villa Tract, quitclaim deed, Oakland;
M. A Bentley (by P. L. White, Constable)
to J. J. Rauer, lot on N line of West Eigh
teenth street. 171:9 W of Adeline, N 131:2, W
40, S 121, E 40:8, lot 14 and portion of lot 13,
subdivision Surryhne Tract, Oakland; $82.
Alameda County.
Louis and Catherine Levy to George This
tleton, lot on S line of Montana street. 225 W
of Plymouth avenue, W 50 by S 123. block S,
Railroad Homestead Association; $10.
Mary Grant -to P. J. Grant, lot on NE line
of Fifteenth avenue, 200 NW of L street, NW
50 by NE 100. block 289. South San Francisco
Homestead and RailroaQ Association: gift.
Annie Ayhens (Larios) to Alfred McLaugh
lln, lot on NE line of Fifteenth avenue. 125
SE of P street. SE 25 by NE 100, block 231.
same; $10.
Nicholas and Mathilda G. Ohlandt and John
and .Mary A. Buck to A. H. Payson (trustee),
lot on NW corner of Twenty-fifth (Yolo) and
Indiana streets, W 100 by N 50; $10.
Lena A. Hill to Aurella A. Mulr, M on S
line of Farallones street, 563 E of Orizaba. E
25 by S 125. block I. Railroad Homestead As
sociation; $10.
lot on W line of Potrero avenue, 60 S of Twen
ty-third, s 23 by W 100; $10.
Annie A. Sousa (Silva), wife of Joseph, to
Catherine. Casey, lot on N line of Antonio
street, 93:6 W of Jones. W 22 by N 68:9; $10.
Thomas W Church (vs. James B. Roberts by
Thaddeus Pawllckl. Frank H. Richardson,
John M. Newbert, commissioners acting aa ref
erees) to Percival W. Selby. lot on N corner
of Harrison and Second streets. NW 137:6 by
« Estate of Charles S. Johnson (by William B.
Pringle. administrator) to Christian Froelich.
undivided one-quarter 'of lot on NW line of
Howard street, 340 SW of Third. SW 30 by NW
80: $2125.
Juliet J. Mezes and Cornelia J. Pringle to
same, all same; $10.
Covington Johnson to same, undivided one
quarter of same; $10.
Oliver Eldridge to Elizabeth Whitelaw (wife
of Thomas P. H.), lot on W line of Texas
street, 150 N of Yolo, N 150, W 200, 3 100, E
100. S 50. E 1C0; $10.
NEW YORK, Aug.: 5.— The London metal
markets were | all' closed to-day . In observance
of a bank holiday. This fact caused general
dullness to prevail throughout the day in local
circles. Tin eased off about 10 points on bid
prices under a sheer lack of support, closing
very dull at $27 45@27 75. The rest of the list
was without change and at largely nominal
prices in the absence of business. Lead dull
at $4 37%. Spelter dull at $3 S0&3 95. Copper
nominal; Lake Superior. at $16 50<g:17. and cast
ing and electrolytic at $16 37%@16 62%. Iron was
dull at $9 50@10 for pig warrants; No. 1 foun
dry northern. $15@15 58; No.- 2 foundry south
ern, $14@14 50; No. 1 foundry southern,, $14 75®
15 25, and No. 1 foundry southern soft, $14 75®
15 25.
New ' York Metal Market.
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks.*... 6,069
' FOR MONDAY. AUGUST 3.
Flour, qr'eks.... 19,611 Middlings, sks... 11C
Wheat, ctla 1,225 Hay, tons 526
Barley, ctls 9,325 Straw, tons .-.. 10
Oats ctls ........ 2,640 Wool, bales ..... lOi
Rye.' ctls 460 Hides, No 737
Sugar,' ctls 1,000 Pelts, bdls ....... 2,784
Tallow^ ctls 268 Lime, bbls .... 130
Beans sks '675 Quicksilver, flsks 43
Potatoes, sks .J. 6,779 Wine, gals ...... 7.400
Onions, sks 1.2S0 Chicory. - bbls .... o
Bran, sks ... 400 Leather, rolls ... 90
Receipts of Produce.
HOGS— Receipts,. 2800; market 5@10c higher;
light and light- mixed, $3 7004; medium- and
heavy, $4@6 17%; pigs, $2 75@5 15; bulk of sales,
$5 S0@6 05. ¦-..,; ¦ ... .-¦ . , . . ¦ " ¦
SHEEP— Receipts, 4500; ' steady to ¦ 10c lower;
lambs, 15@25c lower; top Idahos, $5.- -
GAME — Doves, . per dozen, $1 23@1 50: Hare,
$1 25@1 50; Rabbits. . $1 23@1 50 for Cottontail
and $1 for Brush. ¦ .. .' ' '.
POULTRY— Live -Turkeys, S@9c for Gobblers
and 9©10c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1@1 25;
Goslings, $1 25@1 50; Ducks. $2 50@3 for old ana
$3@4 for young ; Hens, $4@4 50; young Roosters,
$506;. old' Roosters, $3 50@4; Fryers. $4@4 50,
Broilers, $3@3 50 for large and $1 75@2 50 for
small; Pigeons, $1 50@l 75 per dozen for old and
$1 2501 50 for Squabs. . •
Two cars Eastern Poultry arrived.
quotations, but spoiled stock sells down to 50c.
THE SAN" FR&NCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 6, 1901.
Poultry and Game.
A few Doves came In.' bringing, the quotations
below. Hare and Rabbits,; if sound, ¦ bring the
A^ Sunday school superintendent who
happened to be a dry gooda merchant
and who was teaching a class of verv lit*
tie tot3. asked when he had finished e-c
plaining the lesson: "Now has anv one
a question, to ask?" A very small eiri
raised her .hand. "What is it. Marthf*"
asked the superintendent. "Why Mr
Brooks, how much are those little red
parasols in your window?" said Martha.—
Current Literature. -Martha,—
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
8
6TATI0N3.
Hollirter
Hanf ord
San Jose
Palfnr<>
Wntura _» .
Panta Maria ...
S 5 2 O *5 *3
: 3 : 3 3 S. 3 g, S
...78 58 PtCldy W Lt ...
...37 79 Fair
..77 0Z Cloudy NW ... T
...98 7J PtCldr S
...73 C3 09
...80 59 Pt CIdy T
STATIONS.
Astoria
Baker
Carson
Eureka
Fresno
Flagrstaflf
Pocatello. Idahc
Independence . .
Los Apseles
Phoenix
Portland
Ked Bluff
Ro."=pburg
Sacramento
Salt Lake
Fan Francisco..
Fan Luis Obisjx
Fan Diego
Seattle
Spokane
Bay
Valla Walla...
Winnemucea ..
Tuma
1 illlii «! f
I ijUp r I
: : : : • 3
...29.96 TO 58 W Clear
...23.76 92 C4 X Clear .00
...23.94 M 60 XE Cloudy .00
...29.S6 5S 50 NAV Clear - .00
...•38.78 100 7S \V Pt Cldy .00
...30.04 S2 r.5 E Cloudy .14
O..29.86 SS 64 X\V Cloudy T.
64 .... ...
...29.90 S6 €4 \V Pt Cldy .00
...29.78 100 74 \\' Pt Cidy .0)
...29.S4 S2 64 N\V Cl^ar .M
...t3.7S 1<V> 78 SE Clear .00
...2P.7S SS 62 NW Clear .0)
...2».S4 S5 66 SW Cloudy .00
...29.S4 S2 72 NW Cloudy T.
...23.?8 .%? 52 SW Cloudy .0)
o..2?.?4 SO r,6 13
...29.93 74 66 NAV Cloudy .09
...29.90 £4 56 \V Clear .00
...29.76 SS 5S W Clear .0)
50
...29.72 1(12 68 W Clear .0<i
... 23.78 SS 62 SE Cloudy .00
...29.7S 100 S2 SW Clear .00
6TATI0N3.
Hollirter
Hanf ord
San Jose
Palfnr<>
Wntura _» .
Panta Maria ...
S 5 2 O *5 *3
: 3 : 3 3 S. 3 g, S
...78 58 PtCldy W Lt ...
...37 79 Fair
..77 0Z Cloudy NW ... T
...98 7J PtCldr S
...73 C3 09
...80 59 Pt CIdy T
STATIONS.
Astoria
Baker
Carson
Eureka
Fresno
Flagrstaflf
Pocatello. Idahc
Independence . .
Los Apseles
Phoenix
Portland
Ked Bluff
Ro."=pburg
Sacramento
Salt Lake
Fan Francisco..
Fan Luis Obisjx
Fan Diego
Seattle
Spokane
Bay
Valla Walla...
Winnemucea ..
Tuma
1 illlii «! f
I ijUp r I
: : : : • 3
...29.96 TO 58 W Clear
...23.76 92 C4 X Clear .00
...23.94 M 60 XE Cloudy .00
...29.S6 5S 50 NAV Clear - .00
...•38.78 100 7S \V Pt Cldy .00
...30.04 S2 r.5 E Cloudy .14
O..29.86 SS 64 X\V Cloudy T.
64 .... ...
...29.90 S6 €4 \V Pt Cldy .00
...29.78 100 74 \\' Pt Cidy .0)
...29.S4 S2 64 N\V Cl^ar .M
...t3.7S 1<V> 78 SE Clear .00
...2P.7S SS 62 NW Clear .0)
...2».S4 S5 66 SW Cloudy .00
...29.S4 S2 72 NW Cloudy T.
...23.?8 .%? 52 SW Cloudy .0)
o..2?.?4 SO r,6 13
...29.93 74 66 NAV Cloudy .09
...29.90 £4 56 \V Clear .00
...29.76 SS 5S W Clear .0)
50
...29.72 1(12 68 W Clear .0<i
... 23.78 SS 62 SE Cloudy .00
...29.7S 100 S2 SW Clear .00
AUCTION SALES
£a» £=* ; fe
A consignment of 20 HEAD of 1200 and ever
HORSES Just arrived from Jas. *air Jr. s
ranch. Sacramento. Suitable for all purposes.
FRED H. CHASE. 1732 Market street.: PUEBLO, ; Colo./ Aug. ; 5.— Judge Dick
son ; to-day., decided -that .the new ¦ State
revenue law is invalid, having never been
legally enacted by the Senate.
State Revenue ; Law Invalid."
NEW, TORK,, Aug.. 5.— Horton Moore, a
builder, filed a petition in bankruptcy to
day. The total liabilities are $743,449 of
which $300,000 • is secured. ; There ¦ are no
assets. > - "• : ' *.v ¦- ¦•> ¦ • - ¦•;¦•¦ . -
Builder Moore a. Bankrupt.
The Board of Bank Commissioners re
ports that the State Bank of San Bernar
dino has. been Incorporated In that city
The capitalization of 'the institution is
$50,000. =--,:, . ' ¦'/:¦¦>.: , =
. - . - ¦ . ....
New Bank Incorporated.
NAPLES, N. Y.,' Aug. 5.— The grass
hopper plague has visited Naples and is
assuming serious aspects. Farmers are
cutting their grain permaturely to save
something. Over half the town is over
run by the pest. ''-3kBSsBSB3JMBHBB&S
Plague of Grasshoppers.
SANTA' ROSA,; Aug. 5.— W. P. Paulson,
a well-known resident 'of .-Windsor, com-'
mitted' 'suicide- at :• his home .near ; that
place Sunday morning by - hanging him
self in the -barn. .-: Paulson left letters for
both his.- wife > and; mother; In ..which , he
stated that ¦. life was., not _ ; . worth .living.
Domestic and financial troubles are sup
posed to be-reasons for the deed. ..-
Hangs Himself in a Barn.
. SANTA ROSA, -Aug. / S.^Thomaa V P.
Owens, who murdered , Edward Hale; at
Ly tton ' Springs > April ' 18, 1900, was , again
sentenced to be hanged this morning.' The
execution will take place at San Quentin
October. 25, 1901. On June 19,. 1900, Owens
was: sentenced to be hanged October 2
1900,, but an 'appeal' was .filed with- the
State Supreme -Court by his attorney R
W. ' Miller, askings for a' new. trial. - This
was deniedand.the judgment of the lower
court was ¦ affirmed. V . ' , .
Must Hang at ) San: Quentin.
George W. Smith, employed with the
San Francisco Optical Company,; and re
siding at 1125 Pacific street, was ' treated
at the Emergency Hospital last night for
a severe laceration of the scalp The
wound was a deep one, and the doctors at
the hospital- ordered him held for ob
servation.- The injured man who Is a
colored nreacher connected with a Powell
street church, says; he was struck on the
head with a rock last night -about 10
o'clock just after he had left his home
to cross the street to purchase a cigar
Colored Preacher. Hit With Rock.
PORTLAND, Aug. ; 5.'— James • Hamilton
Lewis of Seattle : appeared before United
States Circuit Judge Gilbert in chambers
to-day to ask for a writ of habeas corpus
for Charles W. ¦ Nordstrom, convicted of
murder, in King ;. County. Washington.
Judge Gilbert denied the writ. Afterward
Lewis asked for. an order summoning the
Sheriff > of King : County to show; cause
why the writ of habeas corpus should hot
issue and this -also was denied by. Judge
Gilbert.; v : - ;
Federal Judge Denies Writ.
EUTTE, Mont. 'Aug. * 5.— Jack Wade of
Salt Lake defeated Jack Donnelly, of , St.
Louis in the third round of what was to
have been a twenty-round go at the sau
cer bicycle , track to-night. • Old ring fol
lowejs say it was. the fastest flght they
ever saw. , From the sound of the gong
the men went at it hammer and tongs.
¦ In "the preliminaries "Kid", Lavelle of
Butte and Jerry McCarthy of Denver
went seven fierce rounds before the ref
eree stopped them and gave the decision
to McCarthy. Lavelle was badly used up.
Donnelly Loses in the Third Round:
United States Transports Sold.
NEW YORK, Aug. 5.— The United States
transports Terry and McPherson were
Fold at auction in Brook! n to-day. The
Terry was bought by Miles Berry, of Chi
cago for $3609, and E. H. Parsons of Bal
timore bought the McPherson for $18,703.
. Non-Union Men Protected by Police.
BUFFALO, Aug. 5.— Under police pro
tection a gang of between thirty and forty
freight handlers were put to work at the
Anchor line's dock this morning loading
the India and Juanita. The strikers have
made no attempt to interfere.
• A Negro Electrocuted.
SING SING. K. Y., Aug. 5.— Benjamin
Pugh, a negro, who murdered John Tle
gen, a waiter in a restaurant In Brook
lyn, on August 23 last, was put to death
in the electric chair in Sing Sing prison
to-day. Three shocks were administered
before he was pronounced dead.
The Zoological Congress.
BERLIX, Aug. 5.— The programme ar
ranged for the forthcoming zoological
congress in Berlin includes 130 addresses.
Professor Samuel Schenck of the Univer
sity of Vienna will discuss before the con
gress his method of predetermining sex.
Railroad Needs Vallejo Land.
VALLEJO, Aug. 5.— The City Trustees
are informed that they will receive a re
quest from the railroad company for a
portion of Vallejo street to increase the
size of the present holding to accommo
date a new depot and freight bouses.
TACOMA, Aug.- 5.— Sheriff Hogan of
Wahkiakum County, Washington, and a
posse of fifteen men are searching around
Cathlamet for Frank Hoffman,: and the
instructions given the posse are to bring
the man back dead or alive. Thursday
last Hoffman entered the home ofseven
ty-flve-year-old Mrs-Johns, near Cathln
met, and beat her on the head and body
with a club until, he thought she was
dead." The woman was alone In the house
at the time, . but the next morning . was
•found in an unconscious condition.' Later
she revived sufficiently to tell who? had
assaulted 'her. ,
Fosses 'Hunt Her Assailant.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 5.— That they were
married three months ago was not di
vulged by Mr. and Mrs.. Henry Brandt
until to.-day, when they decided to break
the news to their relatives and friemlq
Miss Nettie Painter was the name i of the
bride. She and young Brandt had been
keeping company for some time, but no
one suspected that th«y were even en
gaged, much less married. They remained
at their respective, homes, the young ladv
with her parents ancUhe yqung man with
his. As the wedding occurred three
months ago to-day the young people
thought the time was ripe to let the
secret out.
•Brandt, who is a conductor on the San
Jose branch of the electric road says that
the principal reason for keeping thines
quiet was the recent death of his father
Tie refuses to tell, however, where and bv
whom the ceremony was performed. ¦
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Brandt Keep the
Secret of Their Wedding and -
Surprise Friends.
CHICAGO, Aug. 5."— A botanical and ge
ology, expedition of research, in charge of
Henry C.Cowles of the University of Chi
cago, left Chicago to-day over the Chi
cago, St. Paul and Milwaukee Railroad for
exploration and research in the moun
tains of Montana and Washington. In tho
party are Professor. O. Grover, Oberlin
College; J. M. Westgate. Kansas Agricul
tural College; Professor I. B. Meyers, Chi
cago Institute: W. B. McCallum, Armour
Institute; R. N. Whltford, University of
Chicago, and others, Including several la
dies.- : ¦ ¦•• • ¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦'.-¦>-
Exploring Party Leaves for Montana.
TELL OF MARRIAGE
THREE MONTHS AFTER
Excursionists Go to Big Basin.
SAX JOSE. Aut. 5.— The Sempervirens
Club expedition in the Big Basin left this
morning at 10:30 o'clock by special car.
About fifty San Joseans and San Francis
cans comprised the party. The party
went to Boulder by train, and from there
will stase it into the basin. Tents have
been erected near what is known as Wat
ter's tie camp, In the center of the for
est The encampment will last till Au
guest IS. -^-. '••¦.-.:-;--.
Death of Jesse Haney.
>EW YOHK, Aug. 5.— Jesse Haney.
owner of several of the earliest comic
papers, died at his home In this city to
day, ag ed 72 years. He came to New York
in 1S53 and allied himself with the group
that included Sol Eytinge. Walt Whitman
and Artemus Ward. He first started the
New Tork Picayune, a comic paper. This
was succeeded by the Irving Magazine,
and later by the comic monthly paper,
that included Cellew the elder and Frank
Beard on its stJiff-
PACIFIC GROVE, Aug. 5."— The con
ference of social, economic and moral re
forms which opened here yesterday under
the auspices of the California Woman's
Christian Temperance Union was organ
ized for business this morning with meet
ings of three of the departments through
which temperance work Is conducted; the
evangelistic, labor and press department"?.
The two questions ;¦ considered under the
head of. labor were the school saving
bank system as a method of teaching
economy and self-restraint and industrial
conditions as exhibited in factories and
sweat shops. A warm discussion occurred
in the press meeting regarding the atti
tude of the ' daily press of the country
upon the various temperance questions rjf,
the day. I The use of the press as a means
of keeping the temperance question con
stantly before the public in order to edu
cate people to belief m it was strongly
advocated. ' \ •:'•
Delegates Talk of Reforms.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 5.— Z. Williams,
who was convicted of assaulting a child
named : Norma .Tomlinson and sentenced
to eighteen years'^ imprisonment, has been
set free. The Supreme Court reversed the
decision of the Superior "Court and or
dered 'a new trial. This morning Assist
ant District Attorney Jones announced
that the complaining witness had re
moved to St. Louis and refused to return
to Los Angeles to prosecute the case. It
was therefore ordered that Williams be
released. The principal ground for the
Supreme Court's action was the fact that
notwithstanding much testimony concern-
Ing the affair the people failed to prove
the particular, day and hour the alleged
crime was committed.
No Complainant, No Prosecution.
OAKLAND, Aug. 5.— Marriage licenses
were issued yesterday by the County
Clerk to the following, named couples":
IZphraim Barrett Thomas of Santa Rosa,
aped 30. and Maud Evelina Clarke of So
noma, aged 17; Aloyslus Sweeney, aged 24,
and Marie Bequette, aged 21. both of San
Francisco; Krail Raymond Paterson. aged
-2. and Majrgrie Donavon, aged 20, both of
Oakland; Samuel Crosby of Brooklln* 1
Mass.. aged 22, and Idolene Snow Hooper
of Alameda, aged 18; J. Emmet Clark of
Ran Francisco, aged 30. and Ivy May Mc-
Glauflin of Alameda. aged 25.
marriage Licenses.
The original tunnel road scheme was
started some* twenty years ago by L. W.
Kennedy, who organized a tollroad com
pany under the name of the Oakland and
Contra Costa Road and Tunnel Company.
There was very little money put up, but
in spite of this Kennedy managed to get
the road graded to the summit of the
ridge, built several bridges' and bored a
few hundred feet of tunnel, until a sudden
flow of water washed things out. Then
the road was attached for both material
and wages and was sold out by the Sher
iff. Those who bought the rights did not
attempt to carry on the work, and it has
remained without attention untllan act
was secured from the last Legislature per
mitting counties to build tunnels on Inter
i county roads. - • . . •
This claim of Renton, Holmes & Co. will
necessitate an examination Into the ques
tion of rights. The owners of the prop
erty through which the road was built
claim that they did not agree to surrender
any right of way to. the old company until
the road should have been completed, and
they stand ready to give a right of way
to Alameda County.
The matter has been referred to Dis
trict Attorney. Allen and the Road and
Bridge Committee to determine where the
county stands in the matter. ¦
Meanwhile there will be a meeting be
tween County Surveyor Brown of Contra
Costa County and Acting Surveyor Prath
er of Alameda County next Tuesday to
run the level for the tunnel. Supervisor
Stowe of Contra Costa County has se
cured deeds from Mr. Buckley for the
right of way on his side of the hills and
already has men at work on the old Ken
nedy grade clearing it up and putting it
in shape. The Alameda County viewers
expect to report to the Supervisors in two
weeks. • .¦ ' .'"'
Dear Sir: Havlne noticed recently In the
Oakland papers that steps are again to be
taken to carry out the tunnel project between
Alameda and Contra Costa counties, and that
the tunnel is to be extended and the work
carried on as originally undertaken by the Oak
land - and Contra Costa Tunnel Company, we
now beg leave to call your attention to the
fact that we acquired all the right*, privileges
and rights of way heretofore held by the Oak
land and Contra Costa Tunnel Company. We
were forced Into taking over its property rights
through furnishing materials to the original
company which they failed to pay for. We will
be pleased to dispose of our rights in this
business to your Board of Supervisors on most
reasonable terms, and we 'will be pleased to
treat with you to that end. We remain, re
epectiully yours, RENTON, HOLMES & CO.
The Board of Supervisors has struck an
obstacle to the construction of the tunnel
road between Alameda and Contra Costa
counties in the shape of a claim from
those who allege that they hold the rights
of way and privileges of the original Oak
land and Contra. Costa Road and Tunnel
Company. A letter was sent to the Board
of Supervisors this morning by Renton,
Holmes & Co. of San Francisco, In which
that firm claims it holds all the rights of
the original company and it will be
pleased to sell the same to the county of
Alameda. The letter is as follows:
To the Clerk of the Board of Supervisors
of Alameda County, Oakland, Cal.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Aug. 5.
Mrs. Steedman's maiden name was Ella
H as J ce • She was a sister of Robert K.
Haskell, the famous football player who
graduated from the University of Califor
nia in 1898. Mrs. Steedman herself was a
student at Berkeley in the class of 1S99.
Three years ago the marriage took place
and she and her husband lived hapDilv
together in this city. The husband was
employed as a railway mail clerk. His
illness came on suddenly, but lasted for
some time prior to death. Mrs. Steedman
never recovered from the shock caused
b &.£ he J oss °f her husband, and at her
child s death she sank rapidly, living the
last days without hope or wish of ricov
ery. Both she and her husband were
young. She was born in this State twenty
five years ago and her husband was but
a few months her senior.
The funeral serylces will be held to
morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock f rom - the
parlors of a local undertaker. The body
will be sent to Redlands, the former home
of Mrs. Steedman, and where her parents
now reside, for interment. v««e"ui
BERKELEY, Aug. 5.— Mrs. Ella Haskell
Steedman of this city died to-day in an
Oakland sanitarium, following closely the
deaths of her husband and child. The
caso is a particularly sad one and has
caused widespread grief among the
friends of the family here. John P. Steed
man, the husband, died on June 13 and on
the same day his child was born. The In
fant s death preceded that of its mother
three- weeks. - .
LONDON, Aug. 5.— Although no division
was challenged at the third reading of the
king's declaration bill this evening in the
House of Lords, it is generally believed
that no further attempt will be made to
pass it, either this session or the ne.xt.
Lord Salisbury, the Premier, referring to
the statement of Catholic peers, said the
Government now realized that the Catho
lics did not -wish the offensive words of
the original declaration to be, withdrawn
unless the Government at the same time
withdrew the declaration regarding the
security of the Protestant succession. The
Government never had . the slightest In
tention of withdrawing that. The Cath
olics regretted that they must be pre
pared to see the declaration stand in Its
present form.
KING'S DECLARATION BILL
WILL NOT BE PASSED,
A number of ' cowboys made heroic ef
forts at rescue and had almost reached
Eversole on a bridge of debris and tim
ber, hastily constructed, when the sands
engulfed him. _^ ,
PHOENIX, Ariz., Aug. 5.— James Ever
sole, an old, wealthy and eccentric mining
man, •whose home was formerly in San
Francisco, met a horrible death in tho
quicksand of Salt River near Tempe yes
terday.
Eversole was en route to Phoenix on
horseback and tried to cross the. river.
Being unfamiliar with the stream he rodq
into the quicksand ¦ and the horse sank.
Eversole tried to wade ashore, but made
no progress and he went . down rapidly.
His screams attracted the attention of
passers-by and Lew Collins, the driver of
a stage coach, hurried to the rescue. He,
too, was caught in the sands, but a
lariat of a cowboy saved him, while Ever
sole sank from sight. '¦...¦. ¦ - .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mrs. Ella Steedman Dies
Soon After Husband
and Child.
The First Obstruction to
Building of the Tun
nel Road.
OAKLAND, Aug. ¦5.— Harry Forest, an
eight-year-old schoolboy residing at San
Pablo avenue and Thirty-seventh street,
broke both bones of hie right arm above
the wrist to-day by falling off a box. He
was treated at the Receiving Hospital.
Schoolboy Breaks Arm.
Former San Franciscan
Sinks to Death in
Arizona.
ENTIRE FAMILY
TAKEN BY DEATH
Customs searchers, while overhauling
the Ctilean steamer Aconcagua yesterday
morning, discovered a large ' quantity of
men and women's; underwear, laces and
pieces of silk concealed in the forepeak.
They also found similar articles on a
sailor, a cook and the second storekeeper.
The goods were ordered confiscated and
will be sold at auction for the benefit of
the Government. . It is believed that the
goods are loot from the cargo of a French
steamer that was plundered . by Guate
malan insurgents.
Smuggled Goods Seized.
SAYS TREATIES
OUGHT TO PASS
Senator Cullom in Favor
of New Reciprocity
Legislation.
Interior Department Out
lines New Districts
in Oklahoma.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 5.— The townsltes
for the El Reno and Lawton land dis
tricts, into which all the newly opened
land in Oklahoma is divided, were an
nounced at the Interior Department to
day. Commissioner* Herrman has tele
graphed to the respective registers and
receivers the approval of Secretary Hitch
cock of the reservation of these lands,
"and no others," for townsite purposes,
and directing the land officers to reserve
them from homestead. entry. They com
prise all the townsites, and lots in them
will be sold to-morrow. The new town
sites are described as follows:
El Reno district — The east half, section
10, township 10 north, range 12 west Th»
northeast quarter of section 5, northwest
quarter of section 4. both in township 13
north, range tt west. The south half
section of township 6 north, range 13 west.
The southwest quarter of section 18, town
ship 11 north, range 10 west. The north
half of section 34, township 5 north, range
16 west. Lots 1. 2. 3 and 4 and the south
half of the northeast quarter and the
south half of the northwest quarter. 3ec-.
tlon 4. township 12 north, range 13 west,
and. the north half of section 21, town
ship 5 north, range 11 •west.
Lawton district — The southwest quarter
of section 24, township 22 south, range 11
west. The north half of section 8, town
ship 3 north, range 9 west. The southeast
quarter of section 26 and northeast quar
ter of section 35, township 3 north, rang©
17 west.
Interior Braces Were Bent.
. NEWPORT, Aug. 5. — On board tha In
dependence it was said to-day that ths
yacht would probably not go out. for a,
day or two. It appears that In the con
test with the Columbia on Saturday sev
eral ot her interior brace* were bent
through the terriflc strain. The new
plating, however, held remarkably well,
so that the yacht leaked scarcely any
despite the severe pounding. Plans for
future racing for the Independence are
still uncertain, although there is some
prospect of a contest with the Herreshoff
yachts in Long Island Sound.
CHICAGO, Aug. 5— After a visit to
President McKInleyat Canton, Senator
Cullom says there is not likely to be any
general tariff legislation next winter, but
that some of the * pendlnff commercial
treaties ought to pass the Senate.
Asked as to the story that Senator
Hanna had gone to Canton to get aid
from the President in settling the steel
strike. Senator Cullom said: f ¦
"I' know there is nothing in that re
port. Senator Hanna. President McKin
ley and myself talked of the strike as we
did of other matters of public interest,
but there was no suggestion from Senator
Hanna at any time that he was mixing
up in the matter at all."
Speaking of , the action likely to.be taken
by Congress at the next session, Senator
Cullom said:
"We shall have to. enact some legisla
tion regarding the* Philippines, but not
much, I think. Porto Rico is now all dis
posed of and there is nothing to do for
it. As far as Cuba is concerned, it has
accepted the American proposals, and we
have nothing more to do than to let it
alone and allow it" to ¦work out its own
salvation. From all the information I can
get, the feeling is growing stronger in
Cuba every day in favor of final annexa
tion., to this country. • It will grow
stronger and stronger as the Cubans find
their neighbors in Porto Rico enjoying the
benefits of free trade with this country,
which they are debarred from." .
"What prospect is there of tariff legis
lation' by Congress next winter?" was
asked of the Senator. • . . •
"I do not think there will .be any, at
least In the form of a general revision of
the tariff. Of course I am not In a posi
tion to speak authoritatively for the Pres
ident,-but I feel I am representing his
ideas when I say that.
"There are, however, some things we
ought to do which will amount to a par
tial revision of the tariff. There are at
present pending before the Senate some
ten commercial treaties. ¦•• These treaties
are all of a reciprocity character and . if
they are ratified will amount to a change
In the tariff with the countries with which
they are made. It seems to me as if it
would be wise to ratify, at least some of
them. A feeling has grown abroad that
the: United States Is disposed to act in
what may be called a hoggish manner in
its trade relations, and if these ¦ reciproc
ity treaties can be drawn so as to be for
the mutual advantage of both countries
entering into them, I think it would be
beneficial all around."
Decides in Favor of the Witnesses.
BUTTE, Mont., Aug. 5.— District Judge*
McClernan to-day rendered a decision to
the effect that a notary has no right to
commit' a. witness to iail for contempt in
refusing to testify. The case was that of.
District Judge Harney, Mrs. Ada H.
Brackett and Clerk Heimerdinger of
Judge Harney's court* who were asked
to testify in- the proceedings for a new
trial for the Minnie Healey mine case,
recently passed on by Harney.
Alleged Journalist Arrested.
BERLIN, . • Aug. 5.— A dispatch from
Dantzlg to the Lokal Anzelger reports the
arrest there of a man who gives his name
as. Baumann, and asserts that he is an
American journalist from San Francisco
and was awaiting. to see the maneuvers
The arrest was made on the basis of an
alleged identification of Baumann as a
merchant who fled from Cologne twenty
three years ago to avoid proceedings for
fraudulent bankruptcy. .
British Capture a Boer Convoy.
BLOEMFON TEIN. Orange River Col
ony, Aug. 4. — Commandant Froneman, son
of the Commandant Froneman who. It is
alleged, shot a peace envoy named Mor
gendaehl, has been killed near Wimburg
after an exciting chase. Most important
papers were found in hia p-^kets. .
; The British have captured a Boer con
voy, of seventy wagons near Boshof, Or
ange River Colony.
Steamer Eureka Breaks Down.
VALPARAISO, Aug. 5.— The American
steamer Eureka put into this port with
her : machinery out of order. The vessel
is bound to San Francisco from Norfolk,
whence she sailed May 7. The Eureka ia
last ' from .Concepcion. where she put In
to repair her rudder on July 12.
Election for a Bond Issue.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 5.— The.. City
Council late this afternoon J passed the'
preliminary ordinance declaring its inten
tion to call a'special- election to' decide
upon the issue of bonds to the amount of
$2.000,000. for the acquisition- of the munici
pal water plant. The ordinance callinjr
for; the election will be passed next Mon
day;and the election may be held three
weeks from that date. -\ -¦. . . ;
A Fortune to Be Given Away.
. A noted philanthropist has decided ' to give)
away Ms fortune to charities and no doubt
much ; ecod will be accomplished. There ia
another agency that has . also accomplished
much boocI,- namely, Hostetter's Stomach Bit
ters, the medicine with fifty years of cures
back of it. It promotes appetite, insures di
gestion, cures dyspepsia, regulates the liver
and .keeps the bowels regular, also prevents
belching, heartburn or . flatulency. " Don't fail
to try It, but be sure you get the genuine.
Carter's" Property Attached.
SAVANNAH, ; Ga.." Aug. 5.-Marion Er
win, assistant attorney of United States
courts, secured an ¦¦¦ attachment against
loan and securities, in Savannah, held by
Captain ; M. . Oberlin M. Carter. U S A
They, amount to many thousands of dol
lars.,; ¦¦¦...-- -¦•:. - : ¦ ¦¦:¦ .- .' - .-.-.•
ALAMEDA, Aug. 5.— Dr. C. H. Field
was found dead in his rooms in the water
works building with every Indication
pointing toward suicide. His body was
lying on the bed, a rubber tube running
from the gas jet to the mouth. The win
dows of the room were open and the dead
man's partners claim he merely tried to
take the gas in the hope of causing
sleep, as he had been drinking and was
in a highly nervous condition. Field had
been a physician • and surgeon in high
standing in both the English and Ameri
can armies, but he was given to drinking.
In Alameda he had allied himself with a
medical company. He had a wife in
Wyoming from whom he is separated. ¦
Physician Commits Suicide.
Helene Reuter has been granted a di
vorce from William A. Reuter on the
grounds of extreme cruelty and habitual
intemperance. The custody of the five
minor children is awarded to the mother.
Emma V. Adams has been granted a
divorce from John W. Adams, an agent in
the employ of the Santa Fe Company, on
the ground of desertion.
Louis Banchg has been granted a di
vorce from Louise Banchg on the ground
of desertion.
Carolina Gavello has commenced Buit
to compel her husband, Paul Gavello, to
pay her 539 a month for her support. She
alleges that he earns $75 a month as a
scavenger, and that he has J2000 in bank.
Otis Bristow has commenced suit for a
divorce from Maude Bristow on the
ground of desertion. The couple were
married in Portland. Or., in 1899. r -'
The couple were married in this city on
April 18, 1893, and later moved to New
Whatcom. About a year ago they quar
reled and Nelson sent his wife to this city
on a visit. Since then, she alleges, he has
refused to send her any money for her
support or to return to him. It is alleged
in tbe complaint that Nelson has repeat
edly struck his wife and threatened to
kill her.
Judge Greene this afternoon granted
Mrs. Lulu R. Welch a divorce from Rob
ert T. Welch, a Berkeley letter carrier,
on the ground of extreme cruelty. The
couple were married September 12, ~190O.
They separated about six months later.
Mrs. Welch testified that in December
last her husband broke down the door of
her room, and drawing a pistol threatened
to kill her. Mrs. "Welch's mother. Mrs.
R. W. Pilcher, sprang between her daugh
ter and her husband, preventing further
trouble.
OAKLAND. Aug. 5.-Mrs. Lillian A.
Nelson to-day filed suit for a divorce from
- eter T. Nelson, alleging desertion, failure
to provide, extreme cruelty and infidelity.
Nelson is a jeweler in New Whatcom,
Wash. It is alleged that he is worth about
515,000. Mrs. Nelson asks that she be
awarded $75 a month alimony.
UNHAPPY WIVES TELL
OF HUSBANDS' CRUELTY
Miss McGlauflin is the only daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. L. W. McGlauflin. She is
prominent socially and talented as a mu
sician. Dr. Clark was graduated with the
class. of '01 of the College of Physicians
and Surgeons and has entered: upon the
practice of medicine in this city. ' He
comes from the East, where his parents
reside.
The ceremony is announced for 8:30
o'clock, and the Rev. E. P. Dennett, pas
tor of the First Methodist Church, will
officiate. Miss- Helen Marion Anderson, a
cousin of the bride-elect, will act as the
maid of honor, while Spencer Clark of
Haywards. a nephew of the groom-elect,
will attend as the best man. The bride
will wear a dress of white chiffon over
white taffeta and carry bride roses. The
maid of honor will be similarly attired.
More than one hundred friends of the
young people have been invited to be
present.
Antonio avenue, the scene of many society
affairs. The house has undergone a com
plete transformation at the hands of the
girl friends of the bride-elect, who have
•decorated with deft taste the large draw
ing rooms. Sprays of asparagus ferns,
white carnations and white roses in pro
fusion are employed in the decorative
scheme. A canopy of green and white
overhangs the spot In the north drawing
room, where the ceremony will be per
formed.
RIDER PERISHES
WITH A HORSE
Dr. Ward will spend the principal part
of the coming term in farmers' institute
work and in traveling over the State to
become ; acquainted with the people and
conditions. He will lecture at the insti
tutes o:i milk ihygiene and veterinary sci
ence, \rtth particular reference to the
methods- of prevention and control of dis
eases of farm animals. He will also give
courses at the university In dairy bacte
riology and veterinary science. When the
B— = — ERKELEY, Aug. 5.— Dr. Archi
bald R. Ward has arrived in this
city from Ithaca, N. Y., under
' appointment as veterinarian of
the agricultural college of the
University of California, a new position
recently created by the Board of Regents.
For ten years the faculty of the agricul
tural department has asked for_the es
tablishment of a chair of veterinary sci
ence here, but it was only at one of the
closing meetings of the Regents' last term
that the request was granted. The vet
erinarian's work will be closely associated
with that of Leroy Anderson, head of the
dairy school, buildings for which are now
in the course of construction. ¦¦•'
Dr. Ward, although still a young man,
has had many changes of fortune. He
was at one time a steamboat captain, and
holds at present a Government license to
navigate on the Hudson River. At Cor
nell he was captain of the launch which
paced the university crew.
The college from which Dr. Ward re
ceived his D. V. M. degree is the New
York State Veterinary College, a depart
ment of Cornell. It is one of The leading
colleges of its sort in this country and is
graduating men who by their broadness
of training are more than ordinarily fitted
for their chosen work. Its two leading
professors, Dr. James Law and Dr. V. A.
Moore, .under whom Dr. Ward studied,
have world-wide reputations in the sci
ence they teach.
Dr. Ward received his early education
in the public schools of Ithaca. He en
tered Cornell and graduated with the de
gree of Bachelor of the Science of Agri
culture. Three years later, during which
time he was instructor at Cornell, he re
ceived the degree of Doctor of Veterinary
Medicine. He retired trora the faculty of
his alma mater to accept the position at
Berkeley.
dairy school opens his regular work a:
veterinarian will commence.
RESERVES LANDS
FOR T0WNSITES
The Francais thinks that instead ot
breaking diplomatic relations with Tur
key the French Foreign Office will sus
pend them by giving M. Constaria unlim
ited leave of absence. An immediate de
cision is improbable, as M. Delcasse, the
French Foreign Minister, and other high
foreign officials are absent on their holi
day vacations.
PARIS, Aug. 5. — The Foreign Office here*
refuses either to confirm or deny the ad
vices from Constantinople saying the
French Embassador there, M. Constans.
has handed over the question of the right
of a French company, known as tho
Quays Company, to enjoy rights claimed
under a convention to his Government, at
the same time recommending hla awn
recall and that the passports of the
Turkish Embassador at Paris, Sallh Man
cie Bey, be delivered to him. The Temps
says there Is reason to believe the For
ei~n Office Is considering the recall of M.
Constans and giving the Turkish Embas
sador his passports.
ble Over the Quays Company.
ed From Turkey Owing to Squab-
Embassador Constans Will -Be Recall-
IRANCE TO SUSPEND
DIPLOMATIC RELATIONS
OAKLAND, Aug. 5.— The City Council
to-night, appointed' Joseph Courtney as
superintendent of street sprinkling at a
salary of $100 a month. A resolution was
adopted to construct a storm water box
sewer on Adeline street, commencing at
Sixty-first and emptying into Temescal
Creek. Councilman Courtney gave notice
of reconsideration. The Women's Chris
tian Temperance Union filed a protest
against the Cafe Bohemia and the Palm
Garden, saloons on Twelfth ( street- be
tween Broadway and Washington street,
which were the subject of sharp criticism
by Councilman Fitzgerald at the last
meeting of the City Council. The protest
was referred to the license committee.
Courtney Is Appointed.
EASTERN VETERINARY SCIENTIST WHO COMES FROM CORNELL
COLLEGE TO FILL A NEWLY CREATED POSITION ON THE FACUL
TY OF. THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA.
CLAIMS RIGHTS
OF OLD COMPANY
The Mc'Glauflin-Clark wedding will take
place at the McGlauflin residence, 2250 San
Miss Hooper is the youngest daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. C. A. Hooper, her father
being the millionaire lumber merchant.
She is an accomplished musician and is a
great favorite in society on both sides of
the bay.
Two years ago Mr. Crosby was gradu
ated with the class of '99 at Harvard Uni
versity. His father is very, wealthy, and
the family Is one of the oldest in Boston.
There is a little touch of romance in the
story of the young couples' love affair.
While Miss Hooper was at finishing school
in Boston she met Mr. Crosby, and in the
course of events they, discovered that
their fathers had been school friends
many years ago. Before Miss Hooper re
turned to her home she was an engaged
girl.
Preparations for the Hooper-Crosby
wedding 1 have been going on for some
time. It will take place in the new Hooper
residence overlooking the bay at the
southerly end of Hawthorne street. The
ceremony will be performed at the fash
ionable hour of 2 o'clock. Rev Dr. Mac
kenzie of the First Presbyterian Church
of San Francisco, an old friend of the
family, will be the officiating clergyman.
The wedding will be a simple affair.
Neither bride nor groom will be attended.
With the exception of a few intimate
friends the only witnesses of the marriage
will be the relatives of the young people.
Afterward they will go on a wedding trip
that will have for its termination Boston,
where they are to live in the future.
the month of August — when Miss
Idalinc Hooper will become the bride of
Sumner Crosby of Boston and Miss Ivy
Mae McGlauflin will be united in' marriage
to Dr. J. M. Clark of this city. The first
will be a quiet afternoon affair, while the
other will take place in the evening In the
presence of a large number of friends of
the contracting parties.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 5.— Society is
greatly interested in two wed
dings that . are to be solemnized
to-morrow— the first weddings of
ALAMEDA, Aug. 5.— The City Trustees
to-night adopted a series of resolutions
requesting Secretary of War Root not to
hold up the tidal canal contracts, and
ordered them telegraphed to the secretary
at once. The city of Alameda Is vitally
interested in the completion of this canal,
for the half finished work is a menace toi
the health of the city.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, Aug. 5.
United States Senator George C. Per
kins and Congressman "Victor H. Metcalf
have united in demanding the completion
of the. tidal canal and the Immediate ap
proval of the contract that has been held
up In Washington. This contract was ap
proved by the United States engineers In
San Francisco,, and believing that ap
proval would certainly be indorsed at
Washington the contractors have much of
'their material on the ground
This leaves things in a very peculiar
and embarrassing condition. The South
ern Pacific Company has contracted for
all of the earth that 13 to be removed
from the tidal canal and has laid an elab
orate series of tracks to convey it from
the point of excavation to a fill that is be
ing made at West Oakland for the estab
lishment of new roundhouses. The de
mand wired to Washington to-day is as
follows:
General Georze I*. GillesDle. Chief of En
gineers, U. S. A., Washincton. D. C— W*
earnestly urge Immediate approval of contract
for Oakland harbor tidal canal. The work
was authorized by Congress, money appropri
ated therefor, bridges have all been built, th»
railroad company paid fifty thousand dollars
for its right of way, Sauaal Creek diverted,
and some of the excavatine done. Work was
commenced on Oakland harbor in 1874, and we
feel that there should be no further delay,
especially as your department promised us dur
ing the last session of Congress that the work
should be Immediately prosecuted to a final
completion. GEORGE C. PERKINS.
VICTOR H. METCALF.
My dear brother, do not lay this matter
aside. Let not the liquor men win in this
battle because \re remain silent. May the voice
of the Christian people ring out in unmistaken
terms, showing the Increased and Increasing
potency of the forces that make for righteous
ness and peace. Tours for the overthrow of
the liquor traffic.
ERNEST E. BAKER,
President State Anti-Saloon League of North
ern California.
In accordance with the request the con-
PTegations of the First Methodist, the
First Congregational and the First Pres
byterian churches have given formal ex
pression to their support of the league
movement.
The first move on the part of the league
to give public expression to its sentiment
and purpose has been to send out to all
of the clergymen of this city a letter
which is to be presented to all of the
congregations hereabout as soon as the
communications have been received.
The letter is signed by Dr. Baker in his
capacity as president of the Northern
California branch of the league. It
reads as follows:
Oakland. Cal., Aur. S. 1901.
My Dear Brother: You are doubtless aware
ol the effort being made to abolish the bars on
our ferry boats. The liquor men are rallying
their forces and using all the influence of their
great organization to accomplish the defeat of
this effort in behalf of righteousness and order.
They have circulated a petition and secured
iTjany signatures asking that ¦ the bars be
allowed to remain. Unless some action is taken
by the Christian people In this vicinity the
impression will prevail that the public favors
the continuance of this evil.
The friends of sobriety and righteousness
rourt not be silent on this important question,
but must boldly uphold those in authority who
are endeavoring to Introduce this much-needed
reform. To the end that the Christian people
may be afforded the opportunity to express
themselves, we request that at your regular
Rerviee to-morrow you present this matter to
your congregation and secure an expression
from them by rising vote, upholding President
Hays in his effort to overthrow this Influence
lor evil. > '
commenced a. campaign to abolish the
ferry-boat bars, the time for closing
which was extended by President Hays
to September L
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Aug. 5.
The State Anti-Saloon League of Cali
fornia, northern district, has through
its president, tbe Rev. E. E. Baker, pas
tor of the First Presbyterian Church.
"The growers feel utterly helpless," said
Daniel 'McCarthy of San Leandro, who is
much interested in plans for enlarging the
market for Alameda County fruits and
produce. "If the goods are shipped they
are likely to come back to the shipper
only to spoil and he pays the freight. The
strike means thousands of dollars of loss
to the agricultural interests of Alameda
County."- •
Many of the growers are turning to the
driers for relief. A great deal ol! fruit is
being dried at Haywards and Niles in the
.hope of saving it in that way. Driers
are working full time and plants are be
ing enlarged for the emergency.
The remarkable fact is that nearly all
of the fruit growers of Alameda County
made contracts for their goods with can
ners outside of Alameda County. This
necessitates the delivery of fruit by rail,
and while they can, get the goods to some
railroad station they cannot get them de
livered to the canneries. .
This loss falls entirely upon the farm
ers, for when the canneries, particularly
those in the cannery combine, made their
contracts with the' farmers for fruit and
vegetables they inserted a strike clause
which makes the goods returnable to the
shipper In case of a strike, and the ship
per not only loses the value of his goods
but is obliged to pay the freight. Several
carloads of fruit have been returned to
shippers in Alameda County..
No class of men feel the strike more
thanr the fruit growers and farmers of
Alameda County. The great bulk of the
acreage of thlg county is set out in fruits
and vegetables for canning and preserv
ing, and when the strike came the, farmers
found that it was impossible to get their
goods to the canneries.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
SiV;w '¦.:. / 1118 Broadway, Aug. 5.
Asks Supporters to Stand
Behind the Railroad
Orders.
Oakland Harbor Improve
ment Plans Should Not
Be Changed.
Undelivered Fruit Returned
arid the Shipper Pays
the Freight.'
Canners Put Protective
Clause in All Con-
Anti-Saloon League Ap
peals to Churches
for Aid.
Joint Telegram Sent by
Congressman and
Senator.
Miss ldafine Hooper Will Marry Sumner Cros
by of Boston and ; Miss Ivy Mae McGlauf
lin Will Wed Dr. J'. M. Clark To-^Day
MUST CONTINUE
WORK ON CANAL
FARMERS LOSE
BY THE STRIKE
FIGHT TO CLOSE
THE FERRY BARS
TWO LOVING COUPLES
WILL BE MADE HAPPY
DR. ARCHIBALD R. WARD
ARRIVES AT BERKELEY
Expert Gomes From Cornell: to Fill the
Newly Created Chair of Veterinary
Science at the University of California
THE SAN FK AT^CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 6, 1901.
b
TWO YOUNG WOMEN WHO
ARE TO BE MARRIED TO
DAY.
9THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, AUGUST 6, 1901;
10
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco 3
Call, corner cf Market and Third streets; open
t:ntll 12 o'clock *very night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 327 Montgomery ' street,
corrjcr Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
"00 Hayes rtreet: cpen until 9:30 p. m.
C33 McAllister etreet; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
€15 Lsrkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1S41 Mission Ftreet: ODen until 10 p. m.
2T61 Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
until 9 p. tn. •*-^ 'r\>'
IOC Eleventh rtreet: open until 9 p. m.
1CT6 Valencia etreet: open until S p. m. "
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky FtreetF; open until 9 p. m. rjj'£
?T0O Fillmore street: open until 9 p. m. I r:l'i -
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. M.. •
i-lll meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN-
ING. August 6. ft 7:30 o'clock. Stated J\X
meeting and M. M. degree. By order of '
the H. P. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN Gate Lodge No. 30. F. & A. M. m
—Stated meetinr THIS (TUESDAY) Jk
EVENING, at 7:2» oV'.ock. ?%J\
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary. /V^
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. & A. M.— «
121 Eddy st.. stated meeting THIS^V
EVENING. S o'clock. *ZJ!Z V
GEORGE PENLINTJTON, Secretary. j
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. & A. M.— ¦ •
Ptated meeting THIS (TUESDAY) _/\, !
EVENING et S o'clock. J^J^. '
A- S». KlBB-UtD. Secretary. ' I
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. & A. M.— a J
Cailed meeting THIS (TUESDAY) ,
KVENING. at 7:30 o'clock. Third /ZJf\ \
degree. R. E. ALLEN. Secretary. ' .
HERMANN Lodse No. 145, I. O. O. <^*Atfe. j
F.— Initiation TUESDAY 3CVEX- ~^C3L^= '
ING. Auk.'C. 1901. Members and .
visiting brothers cordiallv w?l- (¦
orr.ed. B. LAD A. N. G. j
A. H. BRECKNOLDT. Sec : ;
DIVlSIONNo. 2. A. O. H.— Th* regu-^sjfti ;
lar monthly meeting of this Division \A'v\| •
•win be held at Hibernia Hall. 120 .SNVs !
-Ninth st.. on TL'ESBAY, August e.fCJga;* j
1S''1 at 7:?9 p. m. ••-«,;
JOHN KENNY. President, j
T. L. CLANCY, Secretary. \
THE California Debris Commission, having re- j
eclved applications to mine by the hydraulic •
nrorefs from O. F. Sloan et als.. in the Old (
PtitT Gravel Mine, near Vallicita, Calaveras \
Countv. to deposit tai'ines in Wade's Gulch: !
from W. C. Ruff and Manuel Leal, in the J
South Hcncut Mine, in Tuba County, near
B^njror. to deposit tailings in South Honcut !
Creek; frcai Henry Hanley and Marcus Star-
buck, in the Last Chance Gravel and Seams j
Mine, near Canyon. El Dorado Oounty. to i
deposit tailings in Kig Canyon, and from Ar- I
thur R. Pride and Robert Bobb. in the WU-
low Placer Mine, near Bassett's. Sierra (
County, to deposit tailings in Deer Creek, j
jrives notice that a meeting will be held at
room 5? Flood building. San Francisco. Cal.. j
on August 19. 1901. at 1:30 p. m. ¦ |
AGENTS WANTED. \
AGENTS— Splendid chance to make money. Our ]
new Pocket Atlao contains maps of every j
State in the Union, every country in world.
Also 1900 census complete. Over 400 pages of
mtps & descriptive mstier. Sells at sight.
Per.d 2ji- for 'sample and terms to agents.
RAND. McNALLY & CO.. Chicago. III.
ADOPTION.
INFANTS adopted Into good homes. MRS.
DR. Fl'XKE. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
ASPHALTL'3I HOOFING.
J PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postal. 1136 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free;divorces private bankruptcy; col-
lecticns attachments; mortgages; bills of sale:
partnerships :deeds: wills drawn;feee low;open
eve's. THURSTON, 1008% Mkt.. r. 4. op. oth.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. \V.
HOWE, atty at law. S50 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: no cl^arge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bWg., 927 Mar-
ket rt.: consultation free: no fees in advance.
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. TeL Red 2956.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission St.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
BERKELEY lady would board children: fresh
cow: near school. 2127 Prince st.. Ashby
station. Berkeley.
A GOOD home for small girl; two in family;
object company. Box 2290, Call office, Oak-
land.
• 7 OR 3 children to board; good home & moth-
' er's cart-; S10 up; sunny yard. 1607 California.
B LSINESS CHANCES. •
A — $125^ bakery end coffee saloon; very best
location, about 2 blocks from Phelan build-
ing; a splendid paying place; disagreement
cf partners cause of sale. Call R. G. WILKE. I
2i\i Kearny. !
A— S43O— CANDY store on Ellis St.; dally re- I
celpts about $10; rent ?26; pood business. Call I
P.. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny st. j
A-t27oO-BARROOM on Market St., close to
Chronicle; daily receipts from J30 to $35; rent
$100; a good business. Inquire R. G. WILKE,
26'i Kearny st.
A— 1900; SALOON, with 4 furnished rooms, 4th
ard Market sts.; net rent $22; rare chance;
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE, 26'4 Kearny St.
A— $1500: COFFEE saloon and restaurant; one
block south of Market st. ; daily receipts from
£90 up; clearing about $400 per month; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 26«4 Kearny st. !
A— $1300: FIRST-CLASS in prices ajid first-class*!
paying restaurant close to Chronicle building; ',
come, investigate and you will find a splen- ;
did investment. Call R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st.
A — SSDO: DELICACY and dairy produce on
Fourth et., close to Market; good business;
cheap rent. Call R. G. WILKE, 26>i Kearny.
12750— BEST paying ealocn In Hanford, Cal.. in-
cluding pool and billiard tables, stock and fix-
tures; card rooms. RUBENSTEIN & CLARK,
14 Flood buildinr.
" J2G00— ROAD house in the raisin center, includ-
ing property, stock and fixtures. RUBEN-
ETEIN & CLARK. 1« Flood building.
A CHANCE of a lifetime; fine confectionery
and ice-cream etore, with cigars; daily cash
business, $20: pop. 30,000; can be fully investi-
gated; owner going East: sold reasonably if
at once. MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market «t.
£2 COWS, milk ranch, route, 9 horses, 5 wa-
gor.s. harness, lease of ranch, house and
buildings: clears $200 a month; $7200. DON-
NELLY CO., 632 Market st. .
A— $1150: r-ORNER grocery and bar; No. 1 loca-
tion; full value; 3 furnished rooms; rent $25;
a bargain. STRAND & CO., 209 Kearny st.
TO buy. sell or trade list your business propo-
sitions with us; we dispose of them for you.
CALIF. BUS. ASS'N. S65U Market St.
FOR sale— First-class bakery and confection-
ary; located on best business street and do-
. ing a fI0 a day cash business; no wagon;
recscn fcr selling leaving country on ac-
count of a death. Write to GUSTAF MES-
SERSCHMIDT. Juneau, Alaska.
FIRST-CLASS tai'.or workshop for sale on
account of glcknegs. 535 California, room 8.
A RARE chance — Coffee saloon and restaurant
for sale. Inquire 511 Montgomery st.
LUNCH bakery for sale. 1205 Polk st
BRANCH bakery and variety store- a bargain.
S21 Howard nt.: no agents. oargatn.
BARBERS, do you want a two-chair barber
•hop in hotel clearing $120 a month; fixtures
coet S3r>: price $£K) cash; shaving, " 25c- trial
given: reason poor health. Addiess H BRAY
Nevada City. Cal.
THE finest and best. paying lodcing-houso in
ilErj-sville to lease at a bargain. Address
F. S. CARR, Golden West Hotel, city.
WANTED— An honest and sober partner with
S2GCQ in an optical business; must either be
en optician or be able to attend to corre-
fpondirK. etc.; cash receipts about $1500 to
17)03 per month. Address GEORGE II \Y-
ERLE. German Expert Optician. 1071H Mar-
kct st.. San Francisco.
FOR sal»— At invoice price, the merchandise
etore of CNOPIUS & CO.. Santa Rosa with
Jts two branches, one at Sebantopol and one
at Healdi-burg, as a whole or each etore sep-
arate; disagreement among partners the cause
of selling. For particulars address CNOPIUS
& CO.. Santa Rosa. . ,¦ -.'-j-t
JSa— RESTAURANT doing a. good business;
centrally located; cheap rent; with lease; 5S
chairs; a bargain: owner must sell on ac-
count going north. Address box 4239. Call.
FOR sale— Novel and useful patent; a money
maker; a bargain. Box 4545. Call office.
- GUN & locksmith business & buildings for sale.
Address S. F. Call Agent. Santa Cruz. Cal.
WANTED for cash on short notice — Groceries.
hard ware. mTchandUe. 14 McAllister, r. 16.
SMALL hotel close to city; steady boarders; or
will take partner. Cox. 4391. Call office.
GOOD paying branch bakery for sale cheap.
22S Hayes et.
A BRANCH office fcr Call advertisement* and
cubf criptiotis - baa been established at 1096
Valencia ct. . • ...-'. ... .
LODGIXG-MOUSES FOR SALE.
H. C. DECKER : ;•••
• 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth. Tel. Mint 796.
26 Year* In Business in This City..:...
, ...Offers for Sale aud Exchange :..
10U rooming houses, 10 to SOU rms. »50 to $2>.0'J0
150 lodging-houses, 6 to 600 rms., $100 to.
49 flats. 3 to 12 rooms, JSO to .-•• <o°
50 private homes. 6 to 2i rooms, $90 to... 2,000
.31 boarding-houses. 10 to 100 rms. $350 to 10.000
20 hotels. 40 to 200 rooms. $1000 to S.GO 1 )
¦40 grocery stores, $400 to 6,0(20
20 candy stores, $300 to... .6,00!)
40 saloons. $400 to .6,000
10 cigar stores. $300 to ....". •••••• L 000
500 other .business.?*, all kinds. $100 to.. 20. tW
100 vacant lots. $25 to Ji.OOO
75 houses and lots," everywhere. $600 to.. DO.O0O
6 chicken ranches, $400 to U<H>
£0 ranches, everywhere. . $300 to. ........... 14.000
..To Buy. Sell or Exchanee Anythine Call..
I can suit you. II. C. DECKER. 1020 Market.
A. CAMERON & CO..
S50 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.. ,
, . Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 32S.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
lor all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
60 rooms: rent $200; fine family hotel.... $0000
36 r.: rent $115; tine house; money maker. 1S09
22 r.: rent $60: housekeeping: well furn.. 1400
Money loaned on deferred payments. l'/& p. o.
28 rooms: rent $30: fine furniture 2200
19 r.; rent $C0; good: clears $70; Mission. fc>u
15 r.; rent 550; oak furniture; part cash.. 1000
7 r. • rent $35: flnf furniture and carpets. .^SOO
; Over £00 houses listed. Call before buyrng.
MARION GRIFFIN'. 719 Market, rooms 1 and 2.
Near the- Call Building.
Call at office for list of BARGAINS.
!) rmf.; rent $20: downtown; money maker $3C0
27 rooms; full; clears $90 a month 1000
30 rooms; full or pood people: clears $*5.. 120U
4S rooms; rent $17.1: Income*$4e0: 9 baths;
i 2 entrances. I will lend $1500 on it 2500
100 rooms: elevator; clears $400 a month.. 6500
:i<5 rooms; rent $."*: nice and quiet 630
ATTENTION Lodging-house Keepers— 22 all
light rooms, corner Pacific and Powell; suit-
able, improvement for permanent tenant;
house biag thoroughly painted and papered.
»-tc. ; can be arranged for housekeeping; rent
cheap. Apply It. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgom-
ery «st.. room 3.
ATTENTION. BUYERS!
Tou may buy any rooming-house in
the city and pay for it ..v
In monthly payments
from the profits
of the Iiousp.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. S50 Market.
BEFORE buying your- lodging-house,? or other I
business, call on th» Boston Business Agency. I
Everything thoroughly investigated; a trial;
McBfilDE & CO 101C Market st.
"WE have legitimate bargains in lodging-
houses, saloons, candy and notion stores: also,
several restaurants and cisar propositions
which we can vouch for. Call and get our ;
prices. FISHER & CO.. 935 Market st.
THE Boston Business Agency, 1018 Maiket st.,
opp. Fifth— A rare chance in a lodging-house
of 33 rooms: all full; rent $30; price $400:
half cash, balance to suit the buyer.- Mc-
BRIDE & CO.. 1016 Market St., opp. Fifth.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1911.
No. 917 Market St. (near Fifth st.).
$13.000— SELECT family hotel; newly and ele-
santlv furnished: in. finest locality: doing a
business of 53000 a month. DONNELLY CO..
632 Market st.
TAKE NOTICE
Three mortgaged houses that must sell this
week. WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market st.
ROOMING house for sale; lst-class location: 5
minutes' walk from Call: permanent tenants:
owner leaving city. Box 3971, Call office.
BARGAIN— 10-room lodging house furnished
complete: all full; rent cheap. Call 310 Sixth.
SPIRITUALISM.
COME and see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances;
Sun.. Tues.. Fri., 8 p.m., 50c; you can speak
to vour splVlt friends face to face and recog-
nize them: give names; has received medals
from many countries; taken last world's
record medal at Paris Fair. 1084 Bush: tel.
2275 Larkin st.
A — Mrs. Dr. Farnhx.m, spiritual medium and
life reader; mining a specialty: cir. Sun.Wed.
and Fri. evening?. 38 McAllister at. (no sign).
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium:
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
' letter. $2. 1164 OTarrell St.: Ellis car.
JOHN SLATER— Circles. 25c: Sun., Mon.. Fri.
eves.. 8:15; Wed. aft.. 2:45; sit. 10 to 4 except
Bat. and Sun. 1S09 Stockton, near Greenwich.
H. THOMPSON, medium, will send j-ou an-
swers on any subject by mail, 25c. Address
603 California st.
CHAS. BROCKWAY, 25c seance Sunday and
Thursday. 8 p. m.; every one gets a test: pri-
vate readings daily. 239 Hyde st.. cor. Eddy.
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night except Sat.; 10c. 148 Sixth st.. 2d floor.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. €05 McAllister, 10c. Come, skeptics.
K. HBUSSMAKN'S circle to-day. 2 and 8 p.
m.. 23c; sit. daily. 136 W. Mission, nr. ISth.
MRS. LESTER. 14S Sixth, room 12; circle to-
night. 10c; reliable business readings, 50c & $1.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night, also Wed.;
grand tests, 10c; readings daily. 148 Sixth st.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrist, palm-
ist and card reading: 50c. 10O7V4 Market st.
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak; cir. Tues.. Fri.. 8
p.m.; Wed... 2:30 p.m.. 10c; readings daily, 50c.
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis— Readinea dally;
seance Sun.. Tues. and Thurs. Tel. Polk 1601.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 3C5 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings daily: test to all to-nlght.lOc.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
mm"e~m7"bernard! — — -
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st., next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap.
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
I ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
[ them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
j 25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
| MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
I | medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st.. corner Golden Gtae ave.. rooms 25 and
28: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT.
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The mest wonderful clairvoyant on the Coast;
he succeeds when .others fail; permanently
located at 125 Turk st.; readings by mall.
MADAM MONTAGUE.
Truthful predictions In all affairs of iife: gives
names, facts, figures: gives luck: honest pre-
dictions in love affairs; reunites separated;
not one failure: letters answered. 116 Turk.
! MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells past
I and future; never fails: has the greatest Egyp-
tian secret: shows picture of future husband
or wife; 25c up; satisfaction to everybody;
cures diseases by sympathy. 21514 Sixth st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c,
- gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit:, $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op.
Cth; private readings daily. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
A. L. CARLSON, medium and astrologlst; horo-
scopes cast: lessons given, 50c; hours 11 to 1
and 4 to 6. 143 Sixth St.. room 22.
UP to date; Mme. Richards, astrological palm-
ist and reader of human destiny; never fails;
25c and 50c. 1203 Mission St.. cor. Eighth.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium: 25c up. Ill 1 /* Market, room 18.
MME. HANSEN, card reader and palmist; past,
present, future, 25c. 108 Sixth st., 2d floor.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay; 25c.- 1149 Mission."
Mrs.Mallory. clairvoyant card reader: when oth-
ers fail consult me; L. 25c, G. 50c. 317 Howard.
MME.. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 44S>£ Jessie st.. bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 23c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; laldes 25c;
' gents 50c. 931 Mission, nr. Cth; open Sundays.
MRS. B. G. HARRIS, noted clairvoyant: card
reader; laides 50c; gents $1. 120 Jones; no sign.
M. WILLE. crystal seer, clairvoyant, medium;
I sittings, 9a.m. to 8 p.m.; 50c. 215 Leavenworth.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader, 11. 6lh;German spoken ;lel. Howard 1846.
MRS.- BROWN, clairvoyant." card reader;
ladies 2Zc, gents 50c. 132 Sixth st.
CLAIRVOYANT -card reader from Louisiana;
orily 10c. 262 Minna St.. near Fourth.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, corns. Ingrown nails, warts; pain-
less cure; guaranteed. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
PROF.Strasfibunrer fromN.Y.. specialist on feet;
diploma T. P. S.S.N.Y.; Chronicle big., rm. 76.
COLLECTION OFFICES. /¦'
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No charge un-
less success fuL Room- 310. 927 Market st.
~~~ COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 5 rooms cheap. Apply 1523 How.
. ard «t. ' . ' ....;;.
FURNISHED or unfurnished cottage, 5 roomi
and bath Apply 2S21 Bush st.
> EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE. N
BY steady, "reliable*. middle-aged man, to at-
tend horses, garden and generally useful; city
''-or country; moderate wages; good references.
Box 4609. Call office. . • .'¦ -¦:¦;¦';•
MIDDLE-AGED~man. sober and reliable, would
take charge of lodging: house or small grocery
or any position of trust; references given.
-Box 4615. Call office. .
ELDERLY' German; single .gentleman; open
for convenient employment anywhere, at
reasonable compensation; no canvassing. Box
. ' 4323, Call office. . - ¦ : ... , '¦¦ - '¦' .-.-.-
MIDDLE-AGED ' man familiar with the ' city
wants to drive and care for one or two horses.
Box 4612 Call office. - •
WANTED by a young man, a contract to haul
• for a wholesale merchant In this city; terms
reasonable; will furnish ; good teams. Ad-
dress box 4601, Call office.
YOUNG man," German, 32, wants employment
In saloon as porter or second bartender; 1
year's experience; good references; wages no ;
object, about $20. Address box . B 62, Call, j
A POSITION .wanted by practical gardener:
flowers, vegetables and fruit; can milk; good
reference g. Address Gardener, box C 63, Call.
SWISS milker, with wire and boy of 15. want
work on dairy; city or country; man and boy i
can milk 30 to 45 cows and Vlfe cook for
small family; now or till September 1. Call
i or write, 626 Montgomery st., room 1. ,,
A RELIABLE man wants a position on gen-
. tlernan's place: can milk cows, care horses,
do plain gardening: good reference. Address
F. P.. 1519 Howard at. .'¦',¦ - -
FIRST-CLASS bookkeeper and successful col-
lector wants position In city: best references.-
. Address FOEL.K, box 4595, Call office.
JAPANESE boy wishes position as waiter on
table; city or county. HOMA, 1010 Pine st.
*A BRANCH -office for Can advertisements and
• sitbscTlpttons has . been established at— 1096
Valencia st.'
FEATHEKS RESOVATED. .
FEATHER pillows^&lnat tresses steamedT^eno^
vated. E.LO'Rour'Ke.1393 Valencia ;tel.Capp 26S2.
. FINANCIAL,.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (inc.)-^We
have 42 offices in operation: new method of
.placing 6tocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
• or address main office.- 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
COLE, 769-771, bet. Peulah and FTe^eTiciTstT^
Fine new sunny flats, ,7 rooms and bath;
rent reasonable.
A— COZY 4-room. clean, I sunny flat. 43 Julian
ave., near Fourteenth at.
BRUCE place, 39, off .Folsom st. and Harrison
ave.. bet. 7th and 8th sts. — Sunny flat 4 rooms.
BEAUTIFUL new 7, 8 and 8: roof garden: ma-
rlne view. Sunday. 10 to 4, Van Ness & Union.
CHOICE new flats: exquisitely finished; ideal
location ; Vallejo & Laguna sts. ; marine view.
LEAVENWORTH, 15191/4— Flat of 4 rooms and
bath; modern improvements; rent $15. *
O'FAKRELL, 1933— Modern flats. 5 & 8 rooms,
bath, yard, basement; reas. to good tenant.
SUNNY flat of 6 rooms and bath,' 547 Castro;
rent $20; RING BROS. ,__
4-ROOM flat; double parlors. 221 Birch ave., off
Van Ness.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
FOR sale— The nearly new furnishings of a
"-room flat, with or without lease. 1249 Cali-
fornia st. : no dealers. ~
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
1 ROOMS furnished in oak. $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1331 Market.
"Will furnish your house on monthly payments.
A. B. Smith Furniture Co., 128 & 132 Ellis.
/- FURNITURE WANTED.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkln; tel. Folk 694.
. furniture and furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc. ; phone Jessie 2071.
Auctioneer; W. P. Beaucnamp, 2 Golden Gate
ave.; tel. Jessie 126; furniture, mdse., bought.
BEFORE selling your furniture, see Abram'a
Auction House. 1105 Mission. Tel. Jessie 1160.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted; kept < in repair. 1 121 Grant ave.
HELP WASTED— FEMALE.
AT C. R. HlANSEN & CO.'S..Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
6 waitresses, San Diego, full fare paid.. ...$25
-3 waitresses, Sacramento .; / $25
Waitress and assist chamberwork, Pleas-
anton ; , J20'
Chambermaid to wait. Woodland . $20
Waitress, Holllster ...$20
¦ Waitress, Marysville, fare paid $20
Waitress, springs, steady plac<v $20
Waitress, Mayfleld $20
Waitress, Watsonvllle ........:.... ..$2u
Waitress. Nevada (arm work), fare paid.. $25
Cook, few boarders, springs... $20
Chambermaid, springs, steady place $20
Woman, general work, hotel, country $20
Cleaner, institution $20
Second cook. Institution ' ..$35
• FAMILY DEPARTMENT
¦ Working housekeeper, small American
family- .' , $20
Housegirl. Butte County, see party here... $20
Housegirl, small family, country, fare
paid }20
Nurse and assist second work, country $12
Cook for section men $20
2 cooks, city and country .,... $35
Cooks, housegirls, second girls, city and coun-
try, call and select a place; fares paid toall
country places
,C. R. HANSEN & CO ..104 Geary st.
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. Phone Main 1575.
'", HOTEL DEPARTMENT. -
6 waitresses,. Southern California, $25; half
fare paid; 8 waitresses, flrst-class, commer-
cial hotel. $20 and $25: 9 waitresses, city, $20;
head waitress, city, $25; 4 chambermaids to
wait, $20: chambermaids, $18.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Working housekeeper, 3 in family, $20; house
girl, small American family, country, $25;
second girl, city, $20; cooks, house girls, city
and country, best wages.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335 Geary.,
STENOGRAPHER about 30 or 35 years old. to
do restaurant checking. $20 and board. MRS.
M. E. DAY & CO:, 1 335 Geary st.
WANTED— Two first-class cookB, San Mateo,
no washing, $35; second girl, 2 family, coun-
try. $25; 4 cooks, German style, $25. $30; 4
waitresses for springs, fare paid, $20; head
waitress, city, $30; 4 second girls, city, $20,
$25; chamber work and sewing, $25; cook, hotel,
country, $40; 2 nurses, $20; 4 waitresses, city
-and country hotels, $20, $25; 40 girls for all
. kinds of housework, city and country. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter at.
MISS HORGAN'S Emp. Agency, 323 Sutter st.
Cook for San Mateo ..$30
Cook for small boarding house. Alameda.. $23
Cook for private family, city $30
10 cooks for city.. : .$25
8 second girls, $20 to...... ....$25
20 young girls for general housework. .....$20
30 young girls to assist in small families.
LADIES wishing to employ respectable help
call or write HARBRIDGE & CO., 323 Kear-
ny st.. room 4.
RESPECTABLE women and young girla can
secure good positions by calling at 323 Kearny
St., room 4. . : ¦¦ •¦ '
HAIRDRESSING taught, complete In 2 weeks,
including manicuring and facial massage; en-
tire course $5; positions . guaranteed. Hair-
dressing College, 233 Geary St., , room 33. ;
IRONERS and operators, $5 and $6 per week
to begin with. National j Laundry Co. , 411
Sanchez st. - - ,
EXPERIENCED operators, also 'learners; paid
while learning. G. .W. Reynolds,' muslin un-
derwear, 597 Mission St., corner Second.
WANTED— A girl for general housework, Ger-
man preferred; wages $25; no washing. ; Call
at 1718 Bush St., between 12 and 3 o'clock.
EXPERIENCED operator; also buttonhole
maker on vests; no others need apply. 230 Vi
Ninth st. ...
"A RELIABLE girl for family of four; ' wages
$25. Apply 331 Capp st. • '
.WANTED— A chambermaid at the 'Manhattan
, House, 825- Battery st: .'",* : .• '. ,;. -,-
STRONG girl to work in a lodging house. "Ap-
ply after 9 a. m. .969 Mission st., corner Sixth.
GIRL; general housework; three adults; refer-
• ences; wages $20 month. 1904 Broadway. .
WANTED— A girl; for general housework. 3599
-; Seventeenth -St., corner Dolores.^ ; " ¦ *
GERMAN girl. . $25 ; cooking and light house-
work. 1525 Howard. Call before 9. ; •' ¦
YOUNG girl for housework and plain cooking;
good wages, a Call, 8 to , 12, 213 Broderick.
GERMAN woman ¦ for ¦ 4 f_ days In week * to „ do
¦ housework and, cooking. • :. 1800? -Union. -. r -, f
, WANTED— Young v lady -for, theatrical sketch;
"experience unnecessary. /Box 4611, Call office,'
: WANTED^-A ; young ¦ girl to assist with light
; housework and sewing. . 1072 Ellis st.
NURSE. girl for country; wages $15. 109 Mont-
gomery St.. .. •; ."... ,.- ' - . ' '""'.':<•> "'}
¦ GIRL - for l cooking and . general , housework In
; small family. 3002 Clay st. •..• .
A" COMPETENT waitress wanted."^ 612 Kearny
street. ¦'¦fSSS^SXSa^BIKSA
HELPJ WANTED— FEMALE— Con. ;
YOUNG girl,' general housework; 4 adults; ref-
erence ¦ required. Apply 1800 Laguna St.
WANTED— Reliable girl for cooking: sleep
home; wages $15. Address 721 Polk st. , .
GIRL for general housework. Apply 2651 How-
ard st., bet. Twenty-second and Twenty-third.
EXPERIENCED waitress, restaurant. 142S
. Market st. ;. . . . - ¦; ?. ? ¦ .. ¦< ..
A GIRL, wanted to do general housework in
small family. 1116 Ellis st. ; .
GIRL to assist in housework in small family;
good wages. • 1413B •. Mason st. ¦ . .__.**
WANTED— Girls to cut fruit. STANDARD
PACKING CO.. 11-17 Hermann st.
EXPERIENCED apprentice on custom coats;
paid while learning. 411!£ Keamy.top floor.
A GIRL for light upstairs work and care of
one child. 1836 Sutter st. - ¦• % , -
WANTED- Girl to assist in housework. Apply
this moraine 2131 Bush. : "
WANTED— First-class waist and skirt hands
and 6 helpers; also helpers on ladiesV tailor-
ing; highest wages paid. Room 134, Spring
/Valley building, Geary and Stockton sts.
GIRL wanted for upstairs work, waiting and
sewing; city references. Call between 10 and
12, 13'j2- Geary st. . ' "
GIRL to cook and do general housework; 2 in
family. Apply 1705 Gough st. ,
WANTED— A young girl for general house-
work. 214 Hyde st. : ; . . ¦
WANTED— A girl for. pasting. Corner Seven-
j teenth and Folsom sts., satchel factory.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; both
piece and day work: steady, clean work all
summer. Apply Tenth and Bryant sts.
CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO..
EXPERIENCED canners for fruit: steady
work; highest wages. Apply California Can-
neries Co., 423 Brannan st. . , .^
WANTED immediately, women and girls to
work on fruit; steady work; highest wages
paid. C&llfornii Canneries Co..- 425 Bran-
nan st. r "
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework; small
family; easy place; $8 per month. . 2527 Harri-
bon st.. near Twenty-second. ¦-•.»-.
EXPERIENCED operators on overalls; new
machines. HEYNEMANN & CO.. 410 Mission.
EXPERIENCED girls; also apprentices; paid
from start. WEMPE BROS.. 127 Mission st.
GERMAN girl for general 4 housework.' 1715
Eddy at. * • - _
BRIGHT woman, free from home cares, can
secure permanent position by addressing at
once box 4579, Call office.'
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 FiUmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
HELP WASTED MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
Office open 7 a. m. to-day
..500 R. R. men wanted
...S. P. R. R., Santa Fe .".
r....Cal. N. W. Ry
For Uklah; free fare
350 teamsters, laborers and men to cut right-
of-way for Uklah; free fare
Wages $2, |2 25 and $2 50
Blacksmith, R. R. camp, Ukiah. free fare
..Ship to Ukiah morning and afternoon, free..
S. P. R. R. CO.'S WORK............
150 men for section, ballast, track, rock, steel
and other gangs, on all divisions, including..
...Los Angeles. .....and... ...Santa Barbara...
Free fare Free fare
SANTA FE~
100 men to work on Santa Fe system, com-
pany work, between S. F.' and Bakersfleld
Free fare...... Ship 'daily
Rough carpenter, ranch, $40 and found, see
boss here ;
'Blacksmith, no shoeing, near city $2 50 day
2 more bridge carpenters, see boss here.. $3 day
Carpenter, mine, $57 and found; spooltender,
for woods, see boss here, free fare; 2 black-
smith helpers; 4 blacksmiths....
MINES— QUARRIES
4 single-hand miners, new mine, south, $75,
see boss here; 5 laborers, no experience re-
quired, large mine, $3 25 fare $60
10 laborers to cut and handle brush for. a
large company. $60, free fare; 10 laborers to
unload cars for a large mining company,
north; 10 strong laboring men, gold mine, $75;
i 10 muckers, gold mine, $60; drillers, $75; 6
miners, $60; 25 drillers, $87 50; 5 laborers, gold
mine, north, $60; 5 laborers, surface work,
$30 and found
5 quarrymen, Solano County :...$S0
10 laborers, fare 30c, $2 day; 15 laborers, city.
$26 and found; 23 quarrymen and drillers; $2
to $2 50 day; 30 laborers, electric power com-
pany, $2 25 day, fare paid; 25 laborers wanted
for city -and country work, $1 50 to $5 day,
no experience required '
..... .MISCELLANEOUS, FARMS, } ETC
10 men or strong boys to pick, pack and work
In fruit; farmer and wife, grain ranch, $60; 6
men ' for harvest fields, San Mateo County,
$40 and found; 5 men to stack hay, $37 50 and
¦ found; 4 stablemen, private and livery; 5 deck
( hands. $40 and found; 5 men to work In Hour
mill. $2 50 day; 8 laborers to pile lumber, $3
to $5 day; laborers to handle freight. $2 to
$5 day and found; 5 warehousemen, $40 and
found •¦-•
2 milk wagon drivers. $60 and $40 and found
10 laborers for sawmills, fare paid
• 5 laborers for woods, fare paid, ship to-day...
Working foreman, small ranch. .$50 and found
3 men for harvest work $3 day
18 farmers, steady jobs, $26 and $35 and found;
10 milkers, $30 and $40 and found; 23 chore
¦ men and boys; 15 sand wagon teamsters, city.
$175 to $2 day; 150 teamsters fop. city and
country . work, $150 to $4 day; 25 laborers, in
and outside work, city, $1 25 to $2 day
Milk wagon driver. $50
HOTEL, DEPARTMENT ......
Cook arid tend bar, saloon, $35 and found;
baker, country shop. $2 50 fare, $52 and found;
cook, country shop, $15 and found; 4 ranch
cooks, $30, $35; cook, country hotel, north, $40:
dishwasher, country hotel, $25; 3 porters; 2
mess boys; 45 waiters and others; butcher,
country shop, near city, $30 and found........
Cook "for fruit orchard, $30 to $35 and found.
$2 fare; second baker, near city, $35; 3 cajnp
waiters: 5 ranch cooks. MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st. '
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
59- Third St., Phone Bush 405
RAILROAD MEN
Cal. N. W. R. R..i Ukiah
100 teamsters, $2 per day Ukiah
100 axmen and shovelers, $2 per day... Ukiah
100 men to ballast track
'. Santa Fe Co.'s own work
Free. fare /F 1 " 15 * f are -- ..'.Free fare
Wanted^lOO shovelers at ..$2 25 per day
' Large company's own work. We guarantee
work until snow flies, the very best of board
and fare advanced.
50 laborers.. $150 per day and boarfi
Italian foreman and 50 laborers for large
ranch to top beets. .'
6 laborers, near city $1 25 and . board
Edgerman, country $4 per day
Pointer, sawmill, country.. ..$2 75 per day
15 men to cut 4-ft. pine wood. $1 40 per cord,
tools and provisions advanced
Night cook, small restaurant $35 per month
10 lumber pliers, country. $2 per day, steady
job : -
6 lumber pliers, $35 to $43~per mo. and board.
WANTED— 20 men to pick fruit, $1 a day and
fare one way; 50 laborers. $2 25 a day and
part fare advanced: 5 teamsters for lumber
mill, $80, -far*; advanced; box nailers. $150
and $2 a day; porter for printing office, $7
a week; 3 edgermen, - $50 and board and $3 50
a day; wood sawyer, $2 a day, for stove wood;
car Inspector, $2 50 a day; office boy, $3 week;
• man to sack coal, $3 a day; cheesemaker, $45;
farmer ami wife, $40; 4 laundrymen, $35; la-
borers for quarry, $2 a day; miners, $2 50 day
and $2 day and board; scraper teamsters. $2
. and $2 25 day; farmers and milkers, $25 and
$30;- and many others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento, st. . . • ¦¦
STRONG boy, about 16 years old, for candy
factory; $4 a week to begin; good opening to
' bright, willing boy. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.,
335 Geary st. . ' . ' ' . ¦ _
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Waiters, country hotels.. south, $25, free fare.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
Free employment.' 927 Market st., room 207.
I. LESS, secretary; telephone Jessie 1176..
BARBERS notice— The State Board Barber
' Examiners will close its session Saturday, 10th
' inst • to those barbers who have not received
their certificates the board. will continue .to
meet dally as heretofore and evenings from 8
to 10 o'clock, Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market St.. room 204. P. W. DRAKE, Sec.
THE Rlsdon Iron Works. • San Francisco, will
take as apprentices at the trades of machin-
ist patternmaker and boilermaker, , a limited
number of young men between : the - ages of
17 and 18 years; strong and able-bodied; good
references. Apply at office, ¦ Beale and
Howard sts. y . ' ' . ¦'
WANTED— Elderly,' sober .¦ and : steady man;
storekeeper, to make himself useful In bakery:
\ must have worked In . bakery before. Ill
.'Larkin st. . ..' i V ¦ _ ¦ .
WANTED— Steady man to attend cash counter
in restaurant; $40 per month and board; must
have $100 cash; no experience required. , Ap-
r ply 7K> Market 1 St.. room 3. , ¦„¦-:. ".".'.
WANTED— A strictly sober young man to take
care of four cows, one horse and deliver the
•milk;. wages $15. Box 4607 Call office. - - -.
WANTED-^Flrat-class . cutter . for Los Angeles ;
; men's tailoring;- references required. . Answer
v Box 4604. Call office... ¦ y ' .. , : v ;
SMART, active young man to learn insurance
...-- business : ; splendid opportunity " for • advance-
! '. r ment. : Apply , room 6, • 403 Montgomery st. -
i TEN sand .-. teamster*— Apply,. 212 Ninth ; st. '
CARPET HEATING AND CLEANING.)
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st. : t»l. South 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
tel.. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
BEATING, 3c; laying. 3c: renovating. 5c up;
work guaranteed. T. R. Co.: phone Scott 1310.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; Prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tcl. ; Mission • 263. ¦
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating w ? rk? >
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126. -
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
.STEVENS, Mgr.. 33-40 Sth.at.: tel. South 2aO.
J. K. MITCHELL. Carpet-beatins and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth Et ; tel. Mission 74.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. 3 Klghth st. : . telephone Jessie 914. .- r.
DENTISTS. ,_L— —„;
A^Dr'tTs. HIGGINS. 927 Market street.
. Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
lor painless dentistry; pure gold filling $150;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed. $5 up; a good metal plate «.>:
gold and porcelain crowns $5 to |10; teetu
without plate; painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. S03 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly;, teeth
without plates. our specialty: . gold crowns..
$3 M> up; plates, extractions free. J« 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.: Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 yeara
experience: no ttudents; advice free; prlcc3
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crown?. ?3 50; fillings.
LOc; plates. $3; full set; all work painless and
wan anted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. X! C. KELLOGG — Experienced dentist:
.specialties, crown and bridge work and' the
preservation of natural teeth. 110 Phelan bldg.
AT Ideal Dental Co., G Eddy st.— Work done
on weekly installments: lowest' rates. -.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set ot teeth. $4; crowns. $3: fillings. 25c.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
amlner building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices in S. F. Painless extraction,
r.Oc. N. T. Dentists. 9C9 Mission gt.. cor. 6th.-
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun- i
days. 1001 Market st.. corner - Sixth. - -
SKT of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk st. »
DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
McCABE'S Detective Agency handles all legit-
imate detective business; divorce cases posi-
tively refused. . Emma Spreckels building.'
rooftis 333-324. San Francisco: tel. South 381.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School— \
Class rates; patterns cut. 1C19 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating: country orders prompt
a mention, 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moftatt. I
_ i
EDUCATIONAL. .........
AYRES' Leading Business College. 723 Market— !
IS per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education: shorthand, typ.
Ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
I new typewriters: positions secured; cat. free.
I GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
I Shorthand, typing and- bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; rcportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. $50; catalogue.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory j
| school for the university, law and medical
I colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. '
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg.: Individual Instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.'. mining. mech, sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864.- Van
der Xalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers Is TARR. the expert. 220 Parrott bldg.
A FULL course of Elllsj bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs 'only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market St.
PROF. I-.. MERKI, experienced teacher: violin,
mandolin, guitar; Juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
STATE Normal graduate desires pupils in pri-
mary and grammar studies. Box 4605, Call.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAT and
gLLUSTRATIQN-nteht class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st.. S. F.;.
founded 1863; new SO-page catalogue free.
High School students— The WeeklyGeometry Pa-
.pers make home study easy; circulars. 3040 16th.
PIANO and German: pupil of Lelpslc Conserva-
tory; lessons 75c and $1. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
KENT Law School, day ffnd night. 554 Parrott
bldg.. S. F. : Oakland. 905 Broadway, rm. 1.
ELECTRO-THERAPEUTIC.
Electrlc-Chemic medication cures faulty nutrl-
I tion. nerve, blood and constitutional diseases.
Drs. K. & K.'s Electric Sanitarium. 8 Mason.
~ EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office —
Best help. 411»,£ O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED FEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS laundress desires situation;
best city references; city or country. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter et. .
A FIRST-CLASS German cook desires ¦ situ-
ation; best city references; city or country*.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A FIRST-CLASS parlor maid and waitress de-
sires situation; best of references; city or
country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A FIRST-CLASS infant nurse desires situation,
best city ref. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WOMAN wants nursing for an Invalid lady or
care of, children. Call HO Seventh st.
AN ELDERLY woman wants housekeeping;
city or country; a good plain cook; $15 to $20
a month. Call 140 Seventh st.
YOUNG French lady, first-class cook, desires'
situation in city; wages J30. Call or write
516 Pacific st.
WANTED— By a competent woman, a situa-
tion to do general housework: city or coun-
try; moderate wages. Apply for two days at
759 Mission st. '
GOOD woman . cook wishes housework in pri-
vate family; references. Call 910 Folsom St.,
near Fifth. .- - * :*X?-
FIRST-CLASS seamstress would like a few
more engagements in first-class families by
the day; $1 50 and. meals. Box 4603, Call.
GERMAN girl wants position to do upstairs
work. 17 Hollis St., near Webster, between
Ellis and O'Farrell. ¦ • - v ,
GIRL to do second work and sewing; is a first
class steamstress. Call for 3 days. 751 Harri-
son st. ¦ ¦••¦.'¦.¦',.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes a position as
chambermaid, washing or any kind of day
work; sleep home. 444>4 Clementina st.
j COMPETENT woman wants work by the day;
$1 per day and car fare; best of references.
Address Laundress, 300 Hayes St..
EXPERIENCED laundress and housecleaner
wishes work by the day; postals answered.
Call for two days, 410 Franklin st.
ENGAGEMENT by dressmaker by the day;
will work home; remodeling called for. 507
- Turk st: phone 2510 Polk.
AN American lady who is an 'excellent man-
ager would like a position as housekeeper;
can give the best of reference. ¦ 726 Mission st.
BOOKKEEPER— Young lady expert accountant
desires position of responsibility. Box 4596,
Call office. • :
VISITING governess to young children; Eng-
lish branches; music; experienced teacher
413»4 Oak st. ¦
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
k*— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 CO per night; $1 50 to
$6 weak; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.'
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at ¦ 1096
.Valencia st. * - -.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
"A MARRIED man with 8 years' experience in
dry goods (domestics) desires situation; com-
petent to take charge of department; best of
references. Address Box*4583 Call office. -- . .
! POSITION wanted by thoroughly reliable Scan-
dinavian on city or country place as coach-
• ;• roan,' gardener and general utility man; ¦ can
milk and understands' his business '• thor-
.; oughly; references. Box 4502, Call office. "-..--
i COMPETENT male stenographer wants posl-
• ..lion. Box 4606, Call office. -¦•-.;..*•;
HELP WANTED — MALE— Con.^ ; _
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S......104 Geary st.
Wanted— 500 men for new railroad work......
Teamsters, laborers, tunnelmen. jep," 011
hands, trackmen, splkers. strappers, drillers
and muckers \ • *..-•
......For S P. and Santa Fe Systems
' ...........and Cal. & N. "VT. Ry. at......
Uklah
¦ Nevada
; Truckee
Bakersfleld
Chatsworth Park
Wages $2 to S3 a day.. ...... ......
¦ Free fare ..Ship daily Free fare
200 laborers and teamsters for Great North-
ern Ry. in State of Washington ;.J2. a day,
ek iarge-Vl^{ricaV-company;
$2 25 a day; fare advanced V""V^"V"i^A
50 laborers for sawmills and woods ; J26 to $30
and found, fare advanced; edgerman, W .10
blacksmiths, country shops, %i to $3 a aay.
farmers, milkers. chore ™ en -;r-- •;:/—'•••.;•*.;¦.
2 blacksmiths for railroad cartp. 5.S ?» a aay,
free fare gtfj^j^j&xi^tt&ttif.
Head' 'waiter, -first class hotel $7 5; 4 chefs
and seconds $70 to $80 and SoO to $60. head
. SSd second 'cooks and dishwasher country
hotel, $50, $30 and $20; second cooks, fryers
and. broilers. $45 to *50; 2 dishwashers, coun-
try hotel $25 and free fare: butcher, coun-
try shop.' 130; 2 night watchmen flrst-class
hotels, $30 to $35; 3 porters, country hotels.
$20 and. $25; 2 bell. boys. $15 and $17 M. ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
Plain washer, country hotel. $35 and free
fare; 2 ironers, $40 and f i"'''"' t '
C. R. HANSEN & CO 1M G ear ? 8t :
WANTED-Young man to drive butcher wagon,
take care of horses and work about shop,
some experience. 2503 Clay st.
WANTED-Man with $1000 to represent manu-
facturing concern in adjoining county. i*c*
4613. Call office.
UNION barber wanted. 1C8 Fourth st. j.
WANTED— Good barber; steady Job. Apply
725 Fourth St.. San Rafael. Tel. Red la.
A MAN for general office work; must invest
$300. Box 3819 Call office. ' ' '
PANTS maker wanted. Apply to CHARLES
ADAMS,. 244 Stockton st. -
CUTTER and tailor for partner; near city;
$200 required. Box 4608. Call office. r
WANTED— Cooks; experienced waiters and
- waitresses; call at once; no fee. 127 Mason st.
HANDY man wanted for oyster and chop
house in kitchen.- 37 Fourth st.
WANTED— A young man with $150: good po-
sltion; $20 per week. 906 Market St.. room 8.
WANTED-^Elderly gardener; steady home;
small wages; country. I Box 2, Call office.
WANTED— Experienced barkeeper with refer-
ence; )«0 per month. 698 Fourth st. ;,
WAITERS wanted; flrst-class arm workers.
GOLDEN WEST HOTEL.
WANTED— A second waiter at 560 Howard st.
PLUMBER helper wanted. 1124 Florida st,
near Twenty-fourth.
A CUTTER for the country. Apply REISS
BROS., -24 Sutter St.
WANTED— A second cook at New Golden Gate
Hotel, 134 Fourth st.
WAITER wanted. 37 Fourth st.
WANTED— A shoemaker j to call at 939'^
Mission st.
WANTED— Boy in plumbing shop. PLEVIN &
MORRICE, 813 Valencia st. ¦
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25-;
to 30c. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
AN active, intelligent young man as bartender
and salesman for first-class liquor store; must
have experience and come well recommended;
state references and full particulars. G., box
4529. Call office. ___^
MEN to learn barber trade: positions at $60
monthly secured after eight weeks' practice;
two years' apprenticeship saved: examinations
and diplomas given free: complete outfit of
tools donated; wages while learning; more
calls for our graduates than can be supplied;
call or write at once for free catalogue and
special offer. MOLER BARBER COLLEGE,
635 Clay St.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S. navy, able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and hot over 6 feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
office, 40 Ellis st., San Francisco. r
WAREHOUSEMEN, grain handlers and sack
sewers are hereby notified to remain away
from Vallejo. Crockett and Port 'Costa until
further notice. By order Bay Counties Ware-
housemen's Protective Association No. 9223.-
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
. that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
- runs Denver House. : 217 Third St. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
SALESMAN wanted for Jewelry store; young
¦ man who can do some engraving: state age,
. experience and references. Box 4533. Call.
BOYS wanted: good wages. Apply Delivery
Department Western Union Telegraph Co., 300
Montgomery st.
PENSION ATTORNEY EDWARD A. BULLIS.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2,
G. A. R., room 40. Phelan bldg.. 806 Market.
WANTED— A good cooper for sugar barrels:
steady work. Apply at 847 Florida st.
WANTED— Two tailors at 2820 Greenwich st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. l«t and 2d sts.
FIRST-CLASS haircutter who understands
ladles' hair curling. 40 Geary st.
100 QUARRYMEN wanted. Apply 232 Mont-
gomery st.
$2 PER: day for 2 or 3 good solicitors. 59
Columbian building.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for tuition in
San Francisco Barber School, 741A Howard st.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for. sale; 50c up. 241 Third st.
WANTED — 5C0 men' to buy new and 2d-nand
. army shoes. $1 up: soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 25c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from terry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 220O Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
. subscriptions ,has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st.
HORSES AXD WAGOyS.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN &. DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR sale— One fine trotting and single, footing
horse, adapted to buggy and saddle, will be
sold cheap. Call at 1944 Filbert St.
20 HEAD broken horses. 1200 and over, from
ranch JAS. FARIS JR., Sacramento, at
CHASE'S Salesyard. 1732 Market st
FRESH cow for sale. 132 Ninth ave.. Rich-
mond District.
FOR sale— A Studebaker carriage. Centennial
Stables. 1523-25 California st.
WANTED — A brougham or coupe in good con-
dition; state price. Address box 4332. Call.
BOYCOTT the Roberts Harness Co.; he sells
too cheap. 54 Eighth st. . *'
40 HEAD of work and driving fiorses; 2 fast
• pacers. 721 Howard st.
ALL kinds of wagons, Juggles, carts, harness,
; etci, cheap. EG AN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
HORSES WANTED.
HORSES wanted to work on scraper Job : four
or five months' work. Apply at 26 Montgom-
ery st. . room 25. • ¦ ¦•..,.•-;¦>.-:- ;
HOSPITALS. -^
MENTAL and nervous diseases— A few select
. cases will be cared for at Hospital and Sani-
tarium, 230 Douglass St.. San Francl«co. •
— — — —————— ——______ __
A — PRINTED list houses to let: send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
FURNISHED house of 7 rooms'; all modern Im-
provements; sun all day; rent reasonable to
good tenant. 3356 Twenty-third St., between
Mission and Valencia. "*.--
LOST AND " FOUXD. ~~
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
. and Loan ¦ Society of ¦ San Francisco, in the
. name of Marcelena Franklin, No. 240,922. The
. finder will please . return to bank.^
LOST— Small black purse containing a picture
knife and money; reward. 231 Third, room 9)
LOST— Between San Mateo and San Francisco,
a small black purse containing a gold purse
"studded with diamonds. Return to BROWN
BROS.. 121" Sansome. and receive $30 reward.
IT will pay. to "Remember" that the Califor-
;.' nla Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old
. gold ¦' to make new watch cases.
Wanted— Old gold and manufacturing. O. Nolte
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet.' Powell and Mason.
j _. MATRIMONIAL. ~~~
I irXllRIA^GiniuTea^
' 1 fldentlal; lists 10c. MRS. HERTZ, 706 Ellis st.
MATTRESSES-ANP PILLOWS.
TO order also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery- Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell St.:
tel. Bush 421. _^ _^^ mm
MEDICAL.
r>B TUCOTT & CO.— Practice confined to
weaknesses and diseases of men only. 9D7
Ma^ketst. corner Sixth; entire upper floor.
A— Dr G \V O'Donnell. renowned specialist;
T trpat ladies only; oil classes of female com-
Plaima reUevedfquickest results. 1018 Market.
M~pli D ALLEN.- ills Market— Reliable U-
difs' specialist: a prtv. home before and dur-
. ing conflnement: best medical care; low tees.
HINDOKERB AND MRS. DR. DAVIES'
original method of .twaunent; maternity
home; stamp for circulars. 1126 Market. S. b.
T. DUFFY'S 'solution guaranteed to cure a!l
skin diseases. N\V. cor. G. G. ave. & Fillmore.
Mrs. L. Brooks. M.D.-Obstetrics; diseases of
women. Mission and 16th.: tel.. Blue 1320^
MISCELLAAKOLS FOR SALE.
BOIL^RsTl^ngines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, \-estaurant and po-
ker tables barroom chairs, linoleum, new ancl
second-hand; we always have a large stock c
Baloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship every tiiln<
In 24 hours. J NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 10*:
Mission st., above Sixth; write for catalogue.
Granhophones, Phonographs. Gramophones $5 to
$150- easy terms; children's toy graphophone*
$1 50; 2d-hand Phonographs, Gramophones verv
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co.. 125 Geary.
AIR compressor. 3 sizes, 5. 10, 20 stamp mills;
30 mining cars, pumps, locomotive, rail mo-
tors generators: 4 sets hoisting works; steam
and ' water power. J. B. Jardine. 220 Fremont.
ENGINE for sale— Horizontal Corliss; cylinder
16 :n diameter; stroke 36 in.; 16-ft. flywheel;
driving pull?y 10 ft. diameter by 30 in. face.
Apply Cal. Barrel Co., 327 Market at.. S. F.
A— BUYS sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. 'WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
FOR sale — A few good Inventions in machin-
ery line; valve motion, grate bar. rock break-
er, etc. Address Inventor, box 4602. Call office.
ALL kinds second-hand building material, lum-
ber lath, brick ancl firewood; lowest prices.
Dolan Building Supply Co.. 1611 MarUet st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
FINE suits. J10; dress pants. S2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
LIGHT automobile coat, new; parties going
into mourning; cost $40; take $17. Box 4610.
ROLLER canary bird3. raised here and some
imported, at LOHMANN'S. 3168. Sixteenth.
FOR sale — Instantaneous freezer; on exhibi-
tion one week. F. S.. 87 Third st.
DIAMONDS, watches. Jewelry, cash or install-
ments. Theo. Ferahtand, 126 Kearny. r. 23.
MOVING picture attachments for magic lan-
terns. _$1250 : _109Mont£oinery_st2____2____
G\SOLINE engines, all' sizes, new and second
hand. J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
BAR outfits, showcases: all lengths and sizes.
J. SCHWERDT. 821 Mission st. ¦
WE pay btg prices for ladies* sealskins. Port-
Iand Loan Office. 25 Stockton st. -
2D-HAND machinery of all klnd3 bought, sold.
rented, exchanged. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
SAFES— New and second hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFECO^«7-423SacramenW_st : __^
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machin-
ery. J. BURKE. 133 Beale St.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; jeweler's steel-
llned safe, perfect order. 216 California st
Gasoline or distillate engines, new and 2d hand;
I all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 5G Bluxome.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post at.
; / MISCELLANEOUS AV.CITS.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goeds. 154 9th it. : tel. Folaom 2'.22.
n MOXEY TO LOAX.
A A— MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.
$300,000 at 6 per cent In sums to suit. City and
• Oakland; town and country property, second
mortgages, life insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided Interests in
real estate and legacies. We will purchase any
of above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT at 6 PER CENT
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided Interest in real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st., room 3
HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner building—
$5, OCO.OCO at 6% or less In large sums; loans
on second mortgages, estates, etc.; financial
problems of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty is mortgaged and you need more money
see HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner bldg.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc. ; do
not borrow of your friends or you will loss
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market st.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first.
second .mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies, chattel mortgages; secur-
ities, manufacturing, mercantile and mining
interests; corporation loans. R. 16. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
RELIABLE corporation, established 1865. proper
place to borrow money on diamonds. Jewelry,
pianos & sealskins, at lowest rate of interest.
9 Grant ave., near Market; tel. Black 5471.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 946 Market
St.; teL Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
$25,000 IN trust to loan at 6 per cent: city or
country: see me before going elsewhere.
HARPER. 397 Parrott building. ._
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party: no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest: easy terms: no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 63.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth:
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
A— ON real estate, lowest rates; no brokerage.
LICK, 116 McAllister st.
ONE per cent on furniture: $3 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st.. r. 1-
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
ity. Hill. r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
ON salaries or wages: no indorser required 1 . S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser; Eastern
plan. "Western Loan Co., 309 Phelan bldg.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building:
low rate. 222 Sansome St.. room 2.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
321 Parrott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLaV&
CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos. J6 per
month; some good pianos sold for $3, M and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth St., Oakland.
STECK. Baldwin, Ludwlg. EvereM. Packard.
Conover, Ellington. Straube, Gilmort. Kings-
bury. Cable. Smith & Barnes, Wlllard. Dun-
ham, Chickering Bros.. Brooks and Valley
Gem— these are the makes of pianos sold by
. the new piano house. THE WILEY" B. AL-
LEN CO.. 933 Market St., S. F. (Branch. 951
Broadway, Oakland.) ,
$150 CASH will buy a fine upright if sold with-
in a day or two; we have also other good
things to offer and will make it worth your
while to call: we are agents for the "old.
original and only Decker piano." THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market St.
ANY piano sold by ua taken back any time
within 3 years and. full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell
St.; established 1850.
A SURPRISE awaits all who are Interested In
the self-playing piano; the Cecillan Is the lat-
est and best: you are Invited to our dally
concerts. BYRON MAUZY. 308 Post /st.,
"Union square, sole agents Sohmer & Co.,
Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Lester, Hamilton and
' Spielman pianos.
ALL highest grades sold by the Heine Piano
Co., sole agents for the most famous and old-
est American mak<* Hallet- Davis: great bar-
gain list. $."M) up; Steinway $185 up; Fischer.
$1CO; Chickering, $165; 20 others; rents $2 up
217 Geary st.
A SPECIAL for this week— $100 piano for r75
BRUENN. 20S Post st.
AT KEEFFE'S piano store. 22 Turk. nr. Mar-
ket— Shoninger and Schubert pianos.
NEW upright: sold for advances. PIERCE
Piano Factory. Market, 14th and Church sta.
GOING East account of death; must sacrlflc-
large 3-pedal upright piano. 318 Turk it.
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent, $3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURT AZ Piano Co.. 560 Haxca.Bank President Charged WithForgery.
HUNTINGTON, Ind.. Aug. 5.-The pri
vate bank at Andrews, this county, was
closed to-day and. the president is under
arrest, charged with forgery lo the
amount of $12,000. It is said- the - alleged
forged names were used on security paper
furnished the Capital National Bank of
Indianapolis. . : .
PARIS, Aug. 5.^-Ahother ; attempt was
to have been made to-day by the Bra-:
zilian aeronaut Santos Dumont to win the
prize of 100,000 francs offered for the aero
naut who would sail his flying machine
from the Aero Club grounds at Suresries
around the Eiffel tower and back within
a half-hour, but the journey was prevent
ed by. a strong wind. . . . . ..
Strong Wind Prevents Balloon Trip
| BELGRADE, Servia, Aug. 5.— The first
elections under the new constitution have
resulted ; in the return of eighty-three
Ministerialists, of which number seventy
one . are Radicals. The remainder are
Liberals and Independents. Thirty-eight
second ballots are necessary. The new
election laws are regarded as very liberal.
The registration amounted to 262,000 out
of 2S5.00O eliglbles. Secrecy of- the ballot
was secured by inclosing the voting blip
in a rubber ball. Members of each party
erect their, own rubber line of .urns in the
voting booth. The voter pushes his nst
into the- funnel-shaped'.; mouth . of. esich
urn,' so the officials do not "know where
the voter -has deposited his ballot. ¦;•
Secrecy of the Ballot Is Secured by
Inclosing the Voting Slip jn
a Rubber Ball. §
SERVIANS . PLEASED WITH
THE NEW ELECTION LAWS
LONDON, Aug. 5.— Late dispatches re
ceived from Portsmoutn regarding Itae
wreck of the torpedo-boat destroyer Viper
off Alderney Island say that it Is believed
that the well-known difficulty in reversing
turbine engines contributed to the acci
dent.
A French fishing smack, acting as a
pilot, helped the crew to reach the shore.
The. Viper Was running at twenty knots
when the fog set in. She was then eased
down to five knots and was running at
that speed when she struck. When her
cables parted her stern smashed on the
rocks. She subsequently parted amid
ships and is now in three pieces, the stern
end being inverted on the rocks. If thore
had been much sea running when the acci
dent occurred it is probable that every
body aboard of her would have perished.
As it was the crew must have perished
but for the assistance rendered.
• ance Rendered Dy a French.
Fishing Smack.
Crew Owe Their Li^es to the Assist-
WRECK OF THE VIPEB
WOW IN THREE PIECES
8 BERLIN, 5 Aug. 5.— David. B. \ Henderson;
Speaker of , the: House oi Representatives,
and t Representative Frederick, Glllett > of
Massachusetts:; are » in Berlin. ' . .-..
' -"' ''¦'¦¦* \4 *^ ; .
American Statesmen in Berlin.
S"R LOUIS. Aug. 5.— President >D. : , R.-
Francis to-day', announced the appoint
ment of Halsay.* C. Ives of St. Louis' as
chief of the division of .fine arts of the
Louisiana Purchase Exposition.: Ives,- who
is director/ of •' the? school of fine arts of
¦Washington University, chief of the
fine arts department at the Chicago
¦World's Fain :.• • - . s -
Chief of Fine Arts Department.
.'ZANESVILLE,' Ohio. Aug. 5.—Twenty
five Italian brickmakers were driven . out
of the town of ¦ Roseville Saturday night
by striking workmen. Beer bottles, clubs,
bricks and other weapons were used and
many received broken- heads. More trou
ble is expected. _. . .
Italians Driven Out of Town.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., Aug. 5.—
Vice President Roosevelt left here to-day
for a three days* coyote chase in the.Vi
cinity of Fountain, eighteen miles from
this city. He was accompanied by his
personal friends, P. B. . Stewart of this
city, Alfred Cowles of New York, a broth
er-in-law oft Stewart; Lieutenant H. K.
Devereaux, a gallant trooper of Roose
velt's old regiment; John Goff, who pilot
ed the Vice President during his lion
hunting expedition in Colorado last win- :
ter, -and Joe Kenyon, who will act as
guide during this trip.
Roosevelt Goes on' Coyote Chase.
Major. Eltonhead is a i graduate j of.
West Point, having been appointed from
Pennsylvania in 1871.
"WASHINGTON, Aug. 5.— President
McKinley has commuted the court
martial j sentence of dismissal from
the army of Major Francis E. Eltonhead,
Fourteenth Infantry. , to placing that of
ficer at the foot of the list of majors of
infantry, there i to remain for a period
of five years, j Major Eltonhead was tried
on the charge of being drunk on duty and
of ¦ misbehaving himself at the Army and
Navy Club in Manila, and of using pro
fane and abusive language to Lieutenant
Willliam H. Mullay, Twentj'-flrst Infan
try. The court which tried Major Elton
head sentenced him to.be dismissed, but
the President says that in view of his
military record, his good, conduct in the'
engagements of Santiago, Cuba, and.
operations in the Philippines, together
with the recommendation for clemency
by the members of the court, the sen
tence of dismissal is commuted. ..» • '
Saves Him From Dismissal
From the Army. .
Military Record of Major Eltonhead
PRESIDENT COMMUTES
COURT-MARTIAL SENTENCE
THE SAN ! FRANCISCO CAI-lV TUESDAY,- AUGUST 6,; 19Q1.
11
REAL LSTATE— COUXTRY— For Sale
-— F-OIt SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts, ?60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
* li bonom a Co.; future value assured an>
San Francisco is growing rapidly: location
P eE iJ or^ poultry and general farming. Apply
* 1, be Cota " Co.. 202 California st.. for pam-
phlets or information.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
call. 16 rages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. . •
HOSS VALLEV UEAL ESTATE.
LARGE and email -liousea for 'sale,^ieasT~or
exchange: building lots and land by acre. J.
TPN'STEAn. San Ansflmn.
UEAL. ESTATE WANTED.,/
LOT wanted to build flats on. DONNELLY
CO.. CZ2 Market St.. opposite Palace Hotel.
¦ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.!
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE. . '
ALAMEDA und FruitvaJe bargains for invest-
ors and houseseekers on eaty terms 6r ex-
change for city or country realty.
SPECIAL BARGAIN.
One of the finest residences in the city, 13
rooms, 3 bathrooms, etc.; best location; fin-
ished in oak. birdseye maple and Carolina
pine; highly decorated: lot S3xl"0 feet.
SPECIAL. , - . •
Two modern cottages,- 5 rooms and' bath;
near station; J15C0.
A. R. DENKE.
Webster-gt. Station. Alameda.
BERKELEY- ABYERTjSEMNTS.
I BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$KC0-$lC0 CASH; balance $20 per month; new
6-room cottage: only one block to Ashby sta.
and electric cars; fine mantel and sideboard;
porcelain bath, tiled sink, stationary tubs;
fine gas fixtures; sewer and water connected;
ready to move into; will rent for this any
day: see the cottages I have at Golden Gate,
Lorin, Ashby and Berryman station. W. C.
MORAN & CO.
$3500— NEW 7-room cottage; all complete;
every modern improvement; fruit trees; fine
garden: ten minutes' walk to U. C. grounds;
finest view in Berkeley; grand neighborhood;
call and see our list. AV. C. MORAN & CO.
f 1500— NEW 5- room cottage; corner lot 40x100;
$200 ca?h, balance J15 per menth. W. 'C.
MORAN & CO.
$7C0—?100 CASH, balance $10 per month; 5
I rooms, well and tank: lot 50x130; two blocks
to cars. W. C. MORAN & CO.
fluOC— FOR 1 week only; S-room house;- cost
$45CO; corner lot 45x100: sewer and water all
connected. W. C. MORAX & CO.
?50C— LOTS in the Wheeler Tract; see the new
houses going up in this tract; now is your
time before prices raise; only 4 short blocks
j to IT. C. grounds. W. C. MORAN &. CO.
i $150 TO S400 per acre in Schmidt village.
' $J0 cash, balance $5 per month.
! W. C. MORAN & CO.,
. Lorin and Schmidt Block. Berkeley.
CALL and Bee the two new 5-room cottages I
aru building: high basement: mantel; all the
latest plumbing; well, tank and windmill;
10 minutes to R. R,. station; price only JKOO;
$100 cash: balance on easy payments. J. R.
PERKINS, Lorin etation. Berkeley.
j XEW 6-room cottage, high basement, mant»l.
j folding doors, tiled sink, pantry, electric and
j gas fixtures: all the latest open plumbing;
[ only 2 minutes' walk to railroad station? Vi
block to electric cars; nrice onljr' S1S0O: $100
| cash, balance like rent. J. R. PERKINS,.
j Lorin. Station, Berkeley. .. ....
| NEW 7-room 2-story house, porcelain bath,
I mantel, tiled sink, gas and electric lights;
! all modern and up to date: lot 50x100; 2 -blocks
from station and cne-half block to electric
cars: price JSW; J300 cash; balance monthly. !
J. R. PERKINS. Lorin Station. Berkeley.
j FOR sale — In Berkeley, near university, 6 new ,
modern houses; small payment down, balance
i same as rent; lot 40x133; street work com-
I pletc; lawn and garden made; 10 bearing fruit
j trees on every lot; house ready^to move ipto;
I water connected; push buttons and electric
| fixtures; shades, mautels. bookcases and side-
board: 6. 7 and S rooms; from J260O up; grand
marine view; cement walks; porcelain tubs;
two closets asfi fences.. .M. L. WURTS, .
Seventeenth st. and Broadway, Oakland.
BERKELEY ROOMS.
NEAR CARS— Two 'nice, sunny suites ' of fur-
nished rooms for light housekeeping or will
rent rooms with board: terms reasonable." Call'
1734 Delaware St.. near Grant. Berkeley. :
OAKLAND AMRRTlSHMS-NTs.
OFFICE— 1118 BkUADWAY.
i OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
! $100 DOWN, balance about $15 per month. In-
cluding Interest; plain but comfortable house
of 7 rooms, bath, hall, sliding doors, front
porch and basement; very sunny all day and
in good condition; Insured fur $S00; nice little
barn, driveway and garden; "city water in
house and barn; a forced sale on account of
owner's departure for the East; total price
only $1000 on installments; liberal discount for
a quick cash sale; street work all done; near
San Pablo avenue and local trains to San
Francisco; title perfect and guaranteed; bank
mortgage; investigate at once.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
IOCS Broadway, Oakland.
$2500 — $100 DOWN, balance monthly; brand new-
house of € fine, large sunny rooms, with por-
celain bath and sink; elevated lot; 40x150 feet
(note the size); near Grove St.; street work
all done; a pretty cozy home at a sacrifice.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
{ 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
$150 CASH, $6 monthly— Cottage 3 rooms, hard
finished; 2 fine lots, all fenced; a fine home. for.
small family or bachelor; near a fine school,;
electric cars, church and town hall; 100 fami-
lies located within 3 years; soil, climate Jtnd
view the very best; good neighbors and pleas-
ant surroundings; adjoining East Oakland;
price in all, $425, to make speedy sale; see
this at once. Call or send for- cricular, 453
Seventh st., opposite Broadway station. Oak-
land; carriage free. H. Z. JONES. Owner.
ONLY $330 cash, balance monthly payments,
no more than rent, will buy that beautiful
home in Lower Piedmont. 1 block from elec-
tric cars; this Is a perfect gem of a modern 1
home; 6 fine rooms, bathroom, pantry, store-
room, small stable, chicken houses, fruit
trees, berries, etc.: large lot; cost over W200;
has been reduced to $2350 for Immediate sale;
Ill-health of owner only reason for selling;
see It. JAS. S. NAISMITH.. 452 Ninth St.
; OAKLAND FURXITL'RE FOR SALE.
J AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING. >
BELL (The), 1773 Market — Housekeeping rooms, ;
$10 up; others $6 up. .,.'..
EDDY, 95^ Unf urnished ; one or two fine- par-
lors and kitchen; splendid location.
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping, 3, $14; 3,
$20; also single, $4 to $5. -
FOLSOM. 776%— 2 neatly furnished connecting
rooms for housekeeping: reasonable.' ' - :
GEARY, 569— Neatly furnished housekeeping
room*. Call Monday. ¦ . .
GOUGH, 115— Sunny new room; light house-
keeping; $8 per' month; gas; bath; heater;
phone. . . -" ¦ . ....
HOWARD, 1063—2 sunny connecting rooms, also
double and single rooms; electric lights. :-;
HYDE, 408— Sunny alcove unfurnished suite &
3 rms. In basement; also furn. suite, $16. -
NICE front sunny rooms for housekeeping fur-
nished complete. $1 75 te $2 per week. Apply
at shoe store, 5C3 Mission st. -
OAK. 11»— Sunny front room, furnished house-
keeplng, $10: ¦ basement room, the same, $6.
POLK. 1002—3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; $15 up; reference.
TURK, 123—2 large sunny rooms, furnished
well: large yard: $13.
TURK, S25— Solar fiats; fine; new; Chicago
style; 1 Ho 5 roont suites for housekeeping:
unfurn. and furnisned; electricity; -Janitor.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore &t.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at . 1096
Valencia gt. .. .
ROOMS TO LET — Kurn. und Unfurn.
A— BACHELOR Hotel, 18 Mason st.; 100 newly
furnished rooms. 50c up; electric lights and
call bells In every room; elevator, baths, etc.;
first-class; central;' quiet; gentlemen only.
AHLBORN HOTEL. 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family. hotel in city; polite attendance;
i large rooms. 50c up; meals. 25c; free coach. ;
A^BRUNSWICK MOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms,
23c to $1 per night; U 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night:
AKGYLE. 234 McAllister— New, elegant, sunny;
grill attached; country visitors find no place
like the Argyle: take McAllister-st. cars.
AT Ehasta House. 24S Third— 200 rooms, newly
¦ renovated: 25c to $1 night; pfrone. Black 4315.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1384)— Fur-
nit.hed nns., suites, single;, a" so unfurnished.
DIVIDEND notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. — A dividend." No. . 32, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the Issued capital
stock of the company has been declared pay-
able at the 'office of the company, 435'Cali-
lornia st, San Francisco, on August 10, 190L
Transfer books close August, 3. 1901, at noon.
A. A~ SPARKS. Secretary.
: .; ¦',•;; BORN.. : \.r. :;.;•.¦ '.¦'¦¦¦¦¦¦
ALLEN — At Hancock. New Ha mushire, Au-
gust 4." 1001, to the wife of Sidney. D. . Allen,
a daughter. - ... ", '» ¦ .¦ " >
FOGE— In this, city, August 5, 1901, to the
wife of J. L. Foge, a eon. ¦ '
KALBEN— In this city, August 3. 1901,' to the
wife of E. C. Kalben, . a daughter.-
KENNARD— In this city,- July 27, 1901,' to the
wife of J.H., Kennard, a daughter. .
PRAY— In this city, July 22. 1901, to the wife
of Willis H." Pray, 'a' daughter.' ¦
SHEAHAN— In this city. July 27, to the wire
of John J. Sheahan, a daughter.
I'.lrth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
(n at either of the, publication -of flees and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS-IARRMES- DEATHS.
JOHNSEN— SILVERA— In this city, August 4,
1901, by Rev. O. Groensberg, Laurits John-
: sen and Flora Silvera. .. •
NIELSEN— LASSEN— In this city, August 3,
1901, . by Rev. O. Groensberg, Paul S. Niel-
sen and Marie C. Lassen.
PAUL— MAU— In this city, August 4, /1901.
by the Rev. F. A. Doane, George A." Paul of
San Jcse. Cal., , and. Mabel E. Mau of San
Francisco."' ' ¦. '\ ' '.-"-. ' .
SCOW— FOUTB— In this* city, August : 3, 1901,
by the Rev. F. A. Doane, William C. Scow
of San Francisco and Ionia Lillian Fouts
of St. Helena, Cal.
MARRIED.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
£hanahan Florist Co.
ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable.
107 POWELL ST.Nr**ELLIS 3253? 5056
Offices— 641 Market street and - in Ferry
Depot, San" Francisco ; 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land. ¦•-¦¦•¦- ¦ ' - .'¦; '¦¦¦¦¦¦' ¦ , - ¦;
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld -Local, stopping at
all points in San Joaqu In Valley. . Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.' "
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p.-m.
daily. . -
8:C0 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. ;
flaily. ¦ : ¦ ¦¦¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦ . ". 1
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
I Local I Llm'd I Ovrl'd | Local "
' I Daily | * I Dally | Daily
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a. 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:43 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:22 p . Iil7 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
" Fresno.... 2:05 p 2:33 p 3:05 a 10:50 p '
•' Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a ....:...
•! Visalla... 3:40 p 4:43 a
¦• Bkrsfleld. 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan City 2:40 a 7:30 a
" Chicago.. | .... 2:15 p 9:0C p ....
a for moinins. p for afternoon.
•9:00 a. m. train Is the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only,
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars' through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersflekl for : accommodation of local
first-class passengers. . No -second-class
tickets honored. on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:53 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday.' "
. DIED.
Aueustine, Marie Hainque, Martial
Brady, Robert E. LowensteTn. Clara
Breen, Thomas • Lynch, Susie
Briody, Julia • Medin, William .
Brooks, Carrie Mordhorst, -Anna -
Chandler, Louisa S. Northrun, Edna
Coorer, Mrs.
O'Connor,
Dockum, James A. " Pelton, Dr. H. S.
Ellis, Mary S. Pouyal, Raymond. F.
Flood, Mrs. Isabella Rithmoeller.
Gamier, Frederick Rpmberg. Theresa
Gilmora/ John K.. "Smith; Gladys
Gonyeau, John B. ¦' Sullivan, Mamie A.
Hagstrom, Delia ' '". • .
AUGUSTINE— In this city, August 4, 1901;
Marie AuBustine, beloved mother of Mrs.
Louise Borchard, and grandmother of Alfreds
Borchard, a native of Magdeberg, Germany,
agefl 75 years 6 months- and-9" days.
CITFriends and acquaintances are ' respect-'
: fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• (Wednesday),- at -11 o'clock, from the parlors
ot II.- F. Suhr &' Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
; tween Seventh and Eighth streets. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery:
BRADY.— In' this ¦' city, ' August 5, 1901, Robert
' E., beloved husband of the late Catherine
Brady, father of Ellen M..' Robert E., Kittle
and Thomas Brady, brother-in-law of Mrs.
: Mary Gr.jsland, Mrs. - 'William H. Murphy,
Mrs. .-William H." Malcolm and Thomas
i Bird, a native • of Ireland, aged 45 years 2
months and 25 days. ¦ . .• - ..-'-,
C^" Friend? and- acquaintances are respect-
1 fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence,- 463 Fell street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church", where a requiem high ¦ mass
r will be celebrated for. tha repose of his soul
. at 10 o'clock. Interment" Holy Cross Ceme-
, tery. . • '., ' •. . .- .... ,- ¦¦¦
SAN Francisco Aerie No. 5,- F. O. E.— You are
hereby-notified, to attend, the. funeral of our
late brottierr Robert Brady, from his late
j residence,' 463 Fell street, to-morrow (Wed-
nesday), at 9:30 o'clock. Members of sister
. aeries invited to attend. ... -
GUS POHLMANN, Secretary.
BREEN-In this city, August 4, 1901, at his
residence, 16 Laguna street, . Thomas, /hus-
. band, of Anna V.. Breen. a native of County
Louth, Ireland, .in his . 75th year.
CT'Frlends and ' acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the solemn requiem
mass to be celebrated at Sacred Heart
Church, to-morrow (Wednesday), at 9
o'clock. Kindly omif flowers. Interment
private.
KRIOPY— In this city.. August 5. 1901, .at the
residence of Mrs. James J. Mackel, Julia,
¦ beloved daughter of Mrs. Anna Briody and
tha late Michael Briody, sister of Katie. Ter-
renes, Bessie, Annie, Dennis and Thomas
Briody and Mrs. J. Bell, cousin of Mrs.
¦ James J. Mackel, and niece of James Moran
: of Vallejo, afi-ed 23 years. 1
C^Funeral on Wednesday morning at St.
Vincent's' Church, Vallejo. * ' " • ;
BRdOKS— In, this city. August 4, 1901, Carrie,
dearly beloved wife of Alfred Brooks, mother
of .Carrie and Lucile Brooks, daughter of
Jacob and Katherine Apffel, and sister of
Mrs. A. Graeber, Mrs. W. ' J. Raymond, Mrs.'
J. Fell, Mrs. \V» Retchlew and George, Fred,
Albert and Miss Agatha Apffel, a native of
Galveston. Texas, aged 25 years 6 months
¦ and 22 days. ;•
ETFriends and acquaintances' are respect-
fully Invited to 'attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from-her late resi-
dence, 49 Sycamore avenue, bstween Mission
and Valencia, Seventeenth and Eighteenth
streets. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
CHANDLER— Entered into rest August 4, 1901,'
in Los Angeles, .- Cal., ; -Loulsa Stevenson,
wife of Colonel J. .G. Chandler, . U. S. A.
COOPER— Ih this city, August 5, -1301. Mrs.
J. D. Cooper, widow of the late judge W. S.
Cooper, and beloved mother .of Mrs.' May
Lando, and sister of George L. and. Kate V.
Darling, a native of North Adams, Berk-
. shire County, Mass. ¦ ¦ , - .
DOCKUM— In this city, August 2, 1901, James
A. Dockum, beloved husband of Eva Ann
Dockum, a native of Ohio, aged 67 years 6
months and' 27 days. ¦
1C7" Friend s and -acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday).' at 1 o'clock, from Red' Men's
Hall, 320 Post street. Interment Mount
Olivet . Cemetery. -Remains at chapel of
Golden . ; Gate Undertaking Company, ¦ 2475
JMission street, near Twenty-first, until Wed-
-nesday, 11 o'clock.
ELLIS— In this city, August 5. ¦ 1901, Mary S..
dearly beloved wife of W. J. Ellis of Bradley,;
Cal.,. and mother of Kathryn B. and James
A. Ellis, and . daughter of Mrs. James A.
Shelton, and sister. of John T. Shelton, Mrs.
J. H. Mitchell and Mrs. Simpson Finnell, a
native of California, aged 38 years. " .
FLOOD— In Oakland,, corner >West and Four-
'teenth streets, August 6, 1901, Mrs. Isabella
Flood, mother of Robert S. and Joseph
Flood end Mrs. Nettie Graham, a native of
Scotland, aged 73 years, .5 months and 2
days. ¦ . " ' . .
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend I funeral services to-
morrow (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the
First M. E. Church, ¦ corner Fourteenth and
Clay street*. Oakland. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery.
GARNIER— In this city, August 4, 1901, Fred-
erick Gamier, beloved husband of Constance
Gamier, and brother of Mrs. Saraille, ' a
native of France, aged 64 years 4 months and
11 days. (St. Helena papers please copy.)
in?"FriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited . to attend the funeral to-day
¦ (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the resl-
Mr s i c \ x. _ts isrn xjm e \ts — con.
¦A. !>IST c.l One second-hand pianos— 1 Eraer-
tyon. I !laT>*v& Davis, l Oonover. lCurtaz.'I
-tr-Jins, *^>. tirs. S145. etc.; easy payments.
niCNJ. CL'RTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st..
rh'i'kprjnr. Vose. Sterling Agency; also
.Apollo. tUBS of Keif-players.
JVNOTir^R eleanimr-out sale of storage pianos
at VQ-.r own price; S6 installments: no reserve
->ON'S STORAGE CO.. 1706 Market st. "
Fl-PV:RlOr: violins, zithers, old and new. if
_MVLLEK. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
tiT FA N WAV. t;oo; Hartman. $100; elegant new
l-ianos. Tj" up. W. C. Hamilton. 8 Flood b'.dg.
<5OOD second-hand upright for sale cheap
PCHyiTZ. 26 McAllister St. • ,
A LAVKIE lot o£ second-hand upright pianos
Jfor sale cheap. HORNTNG'S. 216 McAllister.
A FINE unright piano for sa!e cheap. S37 Mc^
M i.:Ftor Ft.
OFriCES_ AXD gTORES TO LEtT"
r^u"V u^lC° f c^^r~^rr^nr-ir 5
SS rACIFTC -t.-Handsoro^. large store, cheap:
»1?o S1Q Sansrme. H t >er month.
lilt.. ~~~~ "~ ~~
OIL tacksrie^id hand^ ln~good order ~aU
s 1Ze ,; cheap. H. SJVHITE 516 Mission sll
raOF. KNIGKT, tea.-b^r will
v«i - h ', M^ 0RE . SS2 O'Farrell st.. and
J^.t } ROt *" di!ta Pl*ointed; this remedy is
»r ? y , 1 f Uaran - tred; Preparation sent To all
parts ol the _wor-.d: --all cr send for circular.
°SL/^ S?* iree. scaled, fully illustrated.
!:S w »» « > ; »«t ions ot men. how to attain
Perfwt . rhould be In the hands
•?' ,™ al e T , adu'.t. Address ERIK
MEDICAL- CO.. -Cook I>«?nt.." Buffalo, X. Y.
and bo^rd. I will not be' responsible for a*ay
fiefet^.^ntraotcd hereafter by her.
___fQg.N TILTOX. gfilSU. Harrison St.. City.
50^-^^,^ 115 . cck bedroom Fet: plate mirror.
I»J— jolid cak chair; factory price
S-- Enamel beds, all eizes. Tel. FoJsom 1STS
Searey» Credit House. H29 Mission, nr. 10th.
EJ.ECTRIG lijrht Jn every room— Winchester
riotrU <4 Third Ft., near Market: 700 room*;
.oc to Jl :,0 per night: Jl 50 to $6 per week;
ire* fcus and baggage to and from the ferry.
Jl WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Pcotch. 115 up: tine Oress raits. $20 up: ele- '
rant ovtrcoats. ?15 xip. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market n.. -bftween Seventh and Eighth.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton «=L. near Broadway."
3CITTT— Call and ret your silver thimble at
Minna st. ED. •
X*R. LAMOTTES French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; ajl druggists.
MARCEL WAVE done at the new hairdressins
parlors. 13 Mason «. A. ZIRKEL.
-ALFREDrSIS Eg>-ptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; SI; at all druggists.
STFEEFLCOVS hair and r.iole* destroyed with '
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1113 Sutter st.
TAILOR made suits, $7 50; dress pants. $; 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold. j=ilx-er, diamonds and 'precious stones
bought. J. R. JEKKEL. S17 Market et.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wigs-
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt'
CHEAPEST and best in America— The "Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
I nltpd Ptat-s or Canad* one year for Jl.
PIUSICIAXS A.VD SURGEOxI
103 Market st.. between Sixth and Seventh.
WONG HIM. herb doctor, eucpessfully
treats all diseases of the human body- see :
Testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis. '
A ~ D ?- WOO. herb doctor; sanitarium
.S4-.66 Clav St.; see testimonials at office. i
— — — *¦ ¦ — . i
«EAJL^ USTATE CITV TOR SALE.
A. M. SPECK & CO..
CC7 Market Et.,
Opposite Kearny st..
„„„„ • t Real Estate Agents.
HTO.OO0 — Cdrner: r73xJ37:6; splendid improve-
ments; rented at SSCO per month.
J51.000— £!xth-st. corr.er; 1>4 blocks Xrom Mar-
k/-t: rents J323; fine building. ¦
$55.000— Ont-half block from the Orpheum;
stores and lodging-houses : rent $260 net.
il'L.Wtn — Van Ness ave. corner; three frontage*;
126 feet frontage; old improvements; renting
tor J1T2; this is an ideal hotel or sanitarium
*:te.
$40,0n0_n rst "t. comer; 75 feet front: -whole-
tale and manufacturing district; vicinity new
Crocker building.
540,000— Devisadero st. business "corner; two
stores and seven flats: rents J305. ' j
537.500 — Ellis st-, close to Taylor: new build- !
ing; one tenant; leased with security; annual !
r>ents about J2S00.
$24.000— Cash invested in real estate vicinity
Alhambra Theater will pay 12 per cent net;
rents tZ2fr. one tensuit.
$21,000— InFide McAllister st. ; business prop-
«rty: S2:Cxl20; two .frontages; corner; 30xS0;
within 25 feet Just sold for $18,000.
$15,000— Eanponre tt. corner; -wholesale district;
Zo feet frontage : rents 1110.
$10,500 — Van Ness ave.. near Pine St.; house
and lot.
$10.500— Business property; Howard st.'. near
rourth: three-sacry building; rent $80.
JILOOO— Modern flats: rents $140; lot 50x137:6;
facing Golden Gate Park.
S7iC0 — Four nev/ flats; rents $72; bon ton dis-
trict; residence -within 130 feet Just sold for
$12,500.
S5S0O— Corner; SW. corner Vallejo and Pierce
ets.; 4ZxH2: cheapest comer lot on Pacific
Heights.
J4S50— Two flats, only one-half block from
Slarket et.; rents J-W; cost $7500.
$3500— A nj-e buy; S-,-oora house and let, one i
block from Market zxuL Fifth ets.
A. M. SPECK & CO..
067 Market gt.
BARE DOWNTOWN CORNER INVESTMENT
One Block From Baldwin Hotel Site and Tlvoli
Theater.
Lot 20x60 feet and improvements in same
fclock sold for $26,000. This is only 1-3 frontage
of above and less death.
203-211 Mason st.; two stores and two lodg-
ing-houses; 60 feet frontage; will pay 6 per
cent on $75,000.
For further particulars apply to
A. M. SPECK.
€67 Market «t.
crrvAt* homps ~ "~" i
New Sunny Houses.
$500 Cash, Balance Monthly.
Only 20 minutea' ride from New City Hall.
Cottage, 5 rooms and bath $2230
Lot C5 ft. front.
Cottage, 5 rooms and bath $2500
Corner lot, 65x60.
House, 8 rooms and bath $2900
Corner lot, 40zS5.
Choice location. Market-st. extension, be-
tween IStb and l»tb ets.
Particulars HOOKER & LENT.
14 POSt Et
XP you have lots north of the park On Rich-
mond district) that you want to sell, then
call on W. J. GUNN. £30 California st.
IF you have property north of Vallejo st to
the bay cr.d west of Van Ness ave. that you
want to dispose of. then call on \V. J. GUNN,
530 California et.
X LIFE in view of the ocean, breathing its
pure atmosphere, makes rosy cheeks, a joj--
'•us life and a cheerful home.
The prettiest suburb and cheapest homes in
Kan Francisco are for sale by THISTLETON,
272 Sadoiva fct. Ocean View; phone Capp 2125.
tilX, seven and eight rooms cottages; also two
flat houses In block between 17th. 18th. Castro
end No* sts. : ',4 cash, balance monthly pay-
ments; Castro cr Guerrero-st cars. F. NEL-
SON, builder.
COZY little cottage. 4 rooms, bath and laun-
dry; fine view: lot 25x100: no reasonable offer
refuged. DONNELLY CO.. 6Z2 Market st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pace*. 8*>nt to any address In the
United Statf s or Canada one year for $1.
REAL, ESTATE COUXTRY — For Sale
AT lees than half actual value^ — Well improved
SOO-acre, Sonoma Co. general farm for $3000;
though only 30 acres ore now cultivated, there
are fully 100 acres more easy to bring under
cultlxation; all good grain, fruit or vineyard
eoll: l>a:unce Al wood hill pasture; will carry-
fully ."j cattle. 100 hogs and all work Block; a
money-maker: watered by living creek and
*everal Faring* ; includes household furniture,
farm tools some stock, etc.
HERE'S ANOTHER.
'•Snep"— Only $1400 for this nicely improved
and fully equipped lovely home and money-
making iO-acre loothill ranch; only 6 miles
Ijv fine level county road Jrom Napa: nearly 8
Jicres of very richeet of level black loam under
cultivation: 100 bearing fruit trees, %-acre
blackberries, including 3 very large and pro-
liflc oranpe trees; good 3-room residence;
barn. Fh^ds. several poultry houses, rock cel-
lar: water piped from spring; includes horse.
cow. poultry, wagon, incubator, all farm and
carpenter tools, etc.; everything goes; 1000
cord of wood in pasture.
N. D. SICKELS. the LAND AGENT. 6 Geary.
CHOICE farm bargains; call or send- for list
r.ooster. Whitton &. Montgomery, C34 Market
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following -marriage 'licenses were issued
yesterday: •
Alfred Wcrthinjrton, 27, : 154 Tehama street,
,and Cecelia Parker, 28, 154 Tehama street;
Joseph M." O'Brien, ' 38, St. Nicholas , Hotel,
and Josephine C. Walsh, 3S, 811 Polk street.
1 Paul Z« none. 27. 249 Pacific street, and An-
nie I. Kane, 19, 249 Pacific street. . ,
N. A. Brooke, 36, Loomis, Cal., and Jennie
A. Hooper, 28,-. 2619 Octavia street.
. Mads T. Groths, 39, San Ramon, Cal.', and
Marie- Andersen, 24. San Ramon. Cal. ,¦¦¦
: Qharles Duguied, 23," 1416^4 Baker street, and
Jaunita Becerra, 23, 3416% Baker street. ¦
j Michael J. Mel vin, 23, ,443 Thirteenth street,
and Katherine B. Healey. 23. 36 Moss street.
I John AV. Blaauw, '30. 816 Market street, and
Glendolen L. Ross, 2S, 931 Haight street. -
John Englander. 26, 633.' Eddy street, and
Beatrice E. Marshall, 18, Portland. Or.
ITT 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited " to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 1122 Bryant street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 10 o'clock. ¦ Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. '
E5"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 700 Mason street, thence to St.
Mary's Church, corner California and Dupont
streets, for services, commencing at 2 o'clock.
SMITH— In this city. August 5. 1901. Gladys
Smith (nee Powell). beloved wife' of
Albert C. Smith. . and mother of Albert
" Everett Smith, daughter of Vavasour and
Emily Powell, sister of Gwendolin, Vavasour
•Jr., Llewellyn--and Oscar Powell; a native of
New Zealand, aged 21 years 7 months and
2S days. /
ffyFriends and aepjuaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late
residence, 31 Stanley place, between Harri-
son and Bryant streets. Interment Odd Kel-
. lows' Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
SULLIVAN— In this city. Ausust '4. 1901,- Ma-
mie A., beloved daughter. of John and Jo-
hana Sullivan, and . sister of William and
Margaret Sullivan and the late Daniel" and
John Sullivan and Mrs. Nora Hanniver, a
native of San Francisco, aged '21 years 11
months and 18 days. * . . , .
KSTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
• of her parents, 872 Pennsylvania avenue, near
Army street. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery, by carriages.
ROMBKRG— In th's city, August 4, 1901, The.-
' resa, belovad wife of the late William Rom-
terg, a native of- Vienna, aged 52 years.
¦CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully ' invited to attend the funeral tp T day,
(Tuesday), at 9530 o'clock, from his late 1 resi-
dence, 15 Cedar: avenue, thence to the Frencn
Church of Notre Dame des Victoires," Bush
street. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
RITHMOELLER— In this city, August 4, 1901,
Anna, dearly ' beloved, wife of John C. Rith-
' moeller, daughter of C. H. and Gesina. Koes-
. ter, and sister of Mrs. William Tiencken,
Gus Koester and Henry Hasemann, a native
of Bremen,. Germany, aged 22 years 8 months
and 26 days. A member of Norddtutscher
Frauen Vereln. . " ~ .
¦n^Friends and acquaintances are- respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
, (Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1324. O'Farrell street, thence to St.
- Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue, where
a solemn requiem . high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
FELTON— Near Nome, Alaska, January 6,
1SC1, • Dr. Harrison Seth, beloved son of Mr.
' and Mrs. J. S. Pelton, betrothed of Dr. Alice
Bush, and . brother of .Mrs. N. L. - Rowell,
Mrs. T. D. Black, Mrs. Bradford Webster,
Mrs. .A. ' C. Cameron and Paul Pelton: . •
POUYAL— In this city, August 4, 1901. Ray-
• mond F. Pouyal. beloved son. of Mr. and
Mfs. John and Marie Pouyal, and brother of
. Alfred and Florence Pouyal. a native of. San
.Francisco, aged 21 years 2 months ; and 29
days. ' ¦
in?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fu'ly invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), from St. Paulus 1 German
Evangelical Lutheran Church, comer Eddy
and - Goucrh streetB. where services will be
held commencing: at 1:30 o'clock. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
NORTHRUP— In this city. August 5, 1901. of
vdiphtheria, Edna Northrup, -beloved and
youngest daughter of -Hanry ! and Pauline
Northrup, a native of San Francisco, aged 7
years 6 months and 8 days.
O'CONNOR— In- this city. August 5, 1901, Pat-
rick, dearly, beloved husband, of the- late
Mary O'Connor, and uncle of Mrs. Joseph
Cuilen, a native of Dunamore, County Cork,
Ireland, aged 71 years and 2 months.
' (LT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to., attend the' funeral to-day
•-(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1133% Howard street. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
MEDIN— Inthis city, August 5, 1901. William,
beloved husband of Maggie Medin. and father
of Mamie. "Willie and Albert Medin, a native
' of Sweden, aged 34 years.
MORDHORST— In .this city, August 4. 1901,
at her late residence, 614A Fourth street,
Anna, beloved . wife of John C. Mordhorst.
mother of Letitla, Annie and Albert Moru-
horst. sister of Mrs. Catherina Kisllh. Mrs.
Renecka Meyer and the late Henry Muller,
and" aunt of Albert Muller, a native of
Holssel, Germany, aged 51 years 2 months
and 12 day3. :¦;•¦',
tC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend -the funeral- to-day
.; (Tuesday), at 10-o'clock, - from her late resi-
dence, 1279 ; O' Karrell street. Interment at
Home of Peace Cemetery by train leaving
• Third and Townsend streets at. 11:30 o'clock.
LYNCH— In this city. August 3, 19C1, Susie,
beloved wife of George J. Lynch, mother of
Robert, Ella,-. Alice and Thomas H. Lynch;
and daughter'of George and Abbie Hastings,
' a native of San Francisco, . aged 36 years 3
• months and 4 days. '<¦' !
ICT Friends and Acquaintances are respect-
fully invited '¦ to attend the . funeral to-day
. (Tuesday),' at 10:15 o'clock, from his .late
. residence,. ;'3S88 Twenty-third street, ¦ thence
to Notre Dame 1 des Victoires Church, 'Bush
street, . where a solemn requiem hiKh mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing- at 11:15 o'clock. -. .. >
LOWENSTt:iN— In this city, August 4, 1901.
Clara Lowenstein,-' beloved mother of Mrs.
Celia Ulfelder, Mrs. Lillie - Dessauer . and
Amanda, Benard and Samuel Lowensteln. a
• native of Prussia, aged 51 years 3 months
and ll'days.
¦ . ¦-- : , - - •,. ¦• y -.....• - . - ¦ ¦¦ . ¦ ¦ - ' ¦•
.-dence of his; sister. 117 Palmer street, thence
¦ to ¦ French t Church, Bush ; street. _
GILMTJRE— In Oakland, John K., dearly be-
~. loved son i of John and . Mary . Gilmore, and
' brother of Marguerite, Aroline and George
- Gilmore,- a native of San Francisco, aged 9
- years 2 months and 17 'days. * ' ¦
GONYEAU— In this city, August 3, * 1901. ' John
Baptiste, beloved husband of Almeda S. Gon-
' | yeau, a native of Canada, aged 63 years 9
•'months arid 3 "days'. .
. IC^Friends are invited to attend the funeral
services to-day (Tuesday), at 11 o'clock,
at the, chapel in Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
.Remains at the rooms of N. Gray & Co., 641
-Sacramento street. Please ,omlt flowers.
HAGSTROM— In this city. August 5. 1901:
Delia, youngest and beloved dnughler of
John A. ana Louisa Hagstrom, and sitter of
Eva . HaKstrom, a native of San Francisco,
aged .7 years and 9 days.
HAINQUE— In this city, August 4, 1901, Mar-
••• tial,"- dearly beloved -husband" of -Ajtnes M.
Hainque, and loving father of Ailene and
. Martial HainQue, and SDn of the late Mar-
tial and Mary Hainque, "a native of San
Francisco, aged 27 years 8" months and- 17
days. •-.,'¦ - . . . .
(Successor j to ' Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr7
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st.. opposite. Lincoln School.
- Telephone South 80.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
Via Sausallto Farry.'
; Commencing April 2S, . 1901.''. . .
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55. 8:30, "3:30. 11:00, a. m.,
12:45. n:45i 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. *6:15. 6:45 p. m. -.'•-'
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael .on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. .-. -'.'-..
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. »9:00. »10:00. U:0O. 11:30
a. m.. 12:45 »l:30. 2:30, «3:45, 5:C0. 6:00. 7:38
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays. - : . •
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln. .
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
"WEEK : DAYS— *3:25. 6:27. 7:47, 8:35,10:15
a. m.. »12:25. 1:15. 2:20. *Z:3o. 4:40, 5:30 p; m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15. *S:00. 9:43. »ll:00 a. m.. »12
m., 1:00. 2:15, . *3:30, 4:30. 6:45. 7:30, 10:10
p. m. L' • . -
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:43. 7:53. 8:55. 10:W
a. m.. 12:35. 1:45. 2:45. 3:60. 5:10. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, .Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. m... 12:13
1-20 2:30: 3:45. 5:00. 6:15. 7:15. 10:30 pi' m. - -
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a." m. week days — Cazadero and way sta-.
tions.- . : ¦ .. ' -* •¦ ; : . .. ¦-'
. 3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. —^ .-¦'_-•¦¦ N
5:13 p.. m. week* days TSatuVdays ezcepted)—
Tomales " and • way stations. . ¦
6 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way stations.
10 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations. . ' • ¦ • ' -
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
San Mateo " County.
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
V J. HKNDER3ON. Manager.
Mt.f Olivet .Cemetery,
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
27 and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 167.
f JNERAl. DIEECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
¦Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
JAMES McGINN;
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy at., bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South '676.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Train* lei»v«* ami am <!••«> to urrl f « i»»
¦¦¦ f MAM ntAMCIMCO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
leave — From July It. 1901. — arrivi
7:OO.i Benida, Suisiiu, Elmira and Sacra-
mento 6-2-ip
~:O«*. Vacitille. Vfi-»tc-». Ruuirey. 7:.">Sir -
5 :3ua Murtiiiex.Siiti t:ainon, Vallejo. Napa,
Calistnga and .Suit* Uosa S:23p
8:0Oa DiTijt, Woudlaad, KuignU Landing,
MuTTiTitle, Orosille 7:3-1p
8:OOa Ariautic Kxpreu— Ogden and East 13:33p
f»:ix»A Kilea. Lithrop. Stockton Zi*+r
SsoO.vMles, Menrtot*. Hanford, Yisiliu,
PorttTTiile 4:53?
8:31* a Shasta Kxpress- Davis, Williams (for
Barttett Springs). WUloirg. Eed 4r ~"
BluS. Portland. 7i»5r
*|3*A Ban Jose. LJterraoie, Htoektmt.
lone, Haorawriito. PlactrrT&e,
M»ryKTilIft, Chicu, Ke.l ItlufI 4:2V-
8:?Oa Gakdalr, Chinese (Yosemiie), 8o-
nora. Carters 4:23?
»:0O« Ikynaril, Nlloaud Way Stations. . 1Is.-V.5a
»:<i»a V»llujo i 13:23?
- WtOttA Los Angeles Expreaa — Uulliiei,
- Tracy, L&tlirop. Stockton, Merced
Fresno and Lea Acku'cs 7:35?
O:ao» Vallejo. Martinez ami Way .Station* 1:33r
IO:Ot>A TIim OTerUml Limited— OfJeu, Don-
Ter. Uuiaha. Cliicae > «:»S» •
tl:«»r Sacraiueiilo l'i»er Hienmem 15:00a
8:3»p Hajwxrd. Nilvs and \V»y Htatlont.. 7'33r
¦liuttr HenitU, Winters, .Sacramento,
WomllKitd. KiiIkIiU J,»udlnj.
MiiryHfillr. On.tillt. s* I«:3Sa
«:iinr Murtinttx. .San Kaiuoti. Vallejo.
N»[>». CHlintuKH. Hhi:U I'.dm 1»:35 \
4:00p Niles, LiTtrmore, Stockton. Lodi... 12>23p
4iH'»r Iltjrward.Mlei.^an.liise. Lktrmora \**~>k '
4i3ltp Port Cos ft. Tricy. Lathrcp. Stocktcn 1«>:25a .
»:«<ip Tli«> Owl Uioited— Kieeuo, TuUra.
BakeratiaW. Satigtis fur Siuitit ISar-
bara, Ij«s Angeles 8iS9«
5rt»Op Martinez, Antiocb, Stockton, Mer-
ced. Fresno 12:23p
S:O«p Yosemite „... I2UI5s>
BtSU p New OTlaans - Exprem— Mendota,
Frearo. BakenCtud. Loa Angeles.
D miug. El P&so, New Orleans
and E-st 7:"5»
UMiOpTiayiTiuci, Nilea ami San Jose 1;5.»\
t«:O«p ValtpJ.. 11:2*4
WiWUr Oriental Mad— Oifilen. Clieyenne.
Omalia. Chicago l«:2ap
• :OOp Oriental Mail— Ogden, Denier,
- St. Louis. Chicago , J:3S?
fiOOr Oregoii and California Kinrem.Mto.
rmiieuta. Marjstllla. KeiMlnK.
I'ortUn.l. rn K «* H...I....1 »¦•<! Kut 8:33a
SiM.tr San Pablo, Port Costa, Martinez
ami Way Stations 11>33a
t»»»^P Vallflo 7;5.">p
CO^IST 1.INE (Marrovf UauKe).
' (Foot tot Market 8tre«>.>
)~>43a 8aata Cruz Excursion to riaota Croi
and Principjil Way Stations t J*:O'y
S:13a Newark.CKiiteiiille.Maii Jitsa, Frlton,
Uouldei Cxeek.iiauta Of ux awl Way
• Htatioiia OiSOi-
1*1 l»r Newark, C'eiitarTillo. San .Jogs. New
Aliuaa«D, V'eltou, ltnnlder Creek,
Santa Cruz and 1'iineipal Way
" SUtionl lOt.lOA
* 4sinp Newark, Han .lose. Lor Gatos....... t":^<»*
>«il5p01enwood.BooiderCroek.8antaCrni «W:3»a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
fna SIS msCISCO-fooi of Mukit Street (SI:? 8>—
17:15 . »:0U 11:00A.M. 1:33 3:00 3:15"* « -
rrtmOlIURO— tn\ .fBr«»4w.j.— 1«:00 \A:QQ t3:0S
10:OO*.w. "~ia.Ca !I:C3 i:S3r.U.
i COAST LINE (Kroitil i;«n S e).
It ..' (third and Townaciul St8.)
«s 1 «A San Jose and Way .Stations. M : ::»a
ffitOA s»n Joneaml \V»y SUtiuiis.. IsUOr
/7:»«A New Alinadeu / 4slO»
17130a Snnday Ezcnnion for San Jcs«,
Santa Cruz. Pacific Grore and
• Principal Way Stations 'tSs-lO*
- aiOOA San June. Hollister. Huita Crux, . ¦ -
Paeitic 41ro<«. rialinas. ttea Lull
Obispo. Smnta Barbara and rrin-
dpaliutermedUtsSUtioiis ?:30y
IOiSOa San Jose and Way Stations. C:3Op
UtaOA Bail Josh ami Way Station S>3«>»
1»: !•%»• San Mateo, Kedwooa). & nlo Park.
r»!o Alto. Santa Clara. San .lima.
' ' > HoI'Uter. Sauta Cnix. Salinaa,
Monterey and Pacfdc Orote...... 1I0(43a
StSOr San Jose, Tres Finos. Sauta Crnz.
Pacific GroTe and Way Stations 4:1Ot
f«slSp Ban Jose aud Principal Way Stations «:-l»A
*3:OOp San Jose, Los Gatos aud Principal
Way Stations. JO:OOa
5:S0f SaHJodeaml Principal Way SUlions 8:S6a
' OiOOp Redwooil. Han Jose, GOrny. Salinas,
Santa Barbara, Loa Aogeies 1O«OSa
«:30rSau Jose aud Way Htatiuua..'. |M:<M> A
qll:-i-1p 8 an Jcne »nd Way Stations.... ' 7:3Ot
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. .. : /
. t Sunday ejeepted. } Snuday only. . \^ : >':
• Saturday only. . '. t Monday.
• Saturday ani Sunday. /Tuesdays and FrMajts.
\ _ -^' — . .
CMJFORBIA HORTHmSTEBB RY. COL
¦ Lessee
SAK FRANCISCO AHO KOHTH PAGIF13
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburcn Ferry. Foot of Market S*.
San Frnnsisco to San Ra/ael. i
WEEK' DATS— 7:30,' 9:00. U:Q0 a. m.: 12:33.
3:30 5:10. «:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
'- at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at.l:Sd
and 11:30 p. m. •"-
SUNDAYS— 8*0. 9:3a, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, I:%
5:00. 8:20 p.m. - ' ' ¦ ;^. J^frj
San Rafael to San Francisco.
-WEEK DATS— 6:10, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:33 : .
and 6:33 p. m.' , ,;"„'--•-'
EUNDAYS.:8:10. 9:«0. U;10 a. m.; 1:40. ZiVi.
6:05. <:25 p. m. , ¦ ' ¦ ' "¦
' ' Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco.- 1 April tS. 1301.1 San Francisco.
;• Week I Sun- | - I Sun- 1 Week
Days. I days. | Destination.! days. | Days.
'7:30 ami 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 cm 8:40 am
3:30 pml 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:2s am
5:10 pmj 6:00 pni Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 8:20 pm
• - ¦ • - . Fulton.
-7:30 am ' Windsor. . 10:35 am
'5:00 pm Healdsburg. 10:10 am
Lytton.
, .Geyserville. ,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
" 7:30 am| 6:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am|10:23 am
3:30 pm| 8:C0 am[ and Uklah. I 7:33 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am 110:40 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:33 pm
,3:30 pm 5:00 pmK ¦ . 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:C0 am Sonoma 9:15 amf 8:40 am
• ¦. , " : . . and ' .
5:10 pm 5:C0 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:g> pm
. 7:30 ami 8:00 ami . 110:40 amllO:23 am
3:30 pm[ 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
j Stapes connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and -White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton. *
for Altrurla: »t Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyservilte for Ekaggs Springs: at Cloverda!-*
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Carls-
bad : Springs. -Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett .
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley. .
John. Day's, Riverside. Uerley's. Buckneil's.
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr'a. Hot
Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. "West-
port. Usal. Willits, Laytonvtlle. Cummins.
Bell** Springs.. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates. . . ¦
-. On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ti;ket Office, 650 Market . street, Chronlcl*
Building. * •'¦':•:.>¦-
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
i. Gen. Manager. Oen. Pass. Agt. •
GREAT NORTHERN RAILWAY. .
: COOL AND DUSTLES3.
Dally Palace and Tourist Sleepers.
t~W. : • Dining • Car. ¦ Meals a la Cartw. . ¦
•. '-.v- ".>. Library Observation Car.
REDUCED ROUND TRIP RATES ,TO
EAS i ERN POINTS.
> ¦» E.- Sj BLAIR. Gen." Agt.. 633 Market st.
HSy Gt $1.00 BerYeai
CREMATION.
The Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association
Point Lobos ave., j, F.'. Cal.-
The ordinance - prohibiting burials In San
Francisco < after the first day ' of -August, ' 1901.
does not refer to CREMATION. Neither does
it affect the COLUMBARIUM, because there is
nothing less - harmful to - the living ' than the
ashes of their dead.: : '•' ' .: •- \ : ¦ .
¦- Permits to r cremate ;Will be issued by. the
Board of Health the same as heretofore.
GEORGE R. FLETCHER, Manager.
UOOMS**TO LET— Fnrn. nnil Unfnrn. j
CLIFFORD. 104 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly:
furnished sunny ¦• rooms: prices reasonable. %\
FOLSOM. 820, near Fourth— Furnished rooms,'.
' Jl per week. • ¦ •:¦ ¦ V .- '-'.j? ¦¦ -'¦¦'- ¦ ::
GEARY. 405. The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and Bingle; travelers accommodated.
GRANT ave.,- 23- : -Has changed hands; ele-
gantly furnished sunny suites; also single
rooms, $2 per week and upward; electric call;
telephone. ' \ .. '
ifOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan). 21 Turk
Ft., near Market — Central location; new build-
ing: elegantly furnished;- strictly first-elajs;
EOc per day and upward: special rates by the
-week or month: best in the city, references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st.\
KEARNY. 3». and 47 Post— Offices or sunny
furnished rooms: en suite' or single. - '
LARKIN, 804— Large sunny front; nicely furn-
ished, $10: large back room, suitable for 1 or
¦ 2 gents, XT. ;;>. > ¦... '? ,, .-'.'-' ';. ' .
LARKIN. 707. near Ellis— Newly furn. fror.t
room for gentleman; private family; $6 month.
MARKET. 1015 (New Arlington)-Nicely fur-
, .nished rooms.'-?* a week up; 35c a day Up.
MARTINET. .1101 Geary— Elegant' suites, newiy
furnished: private: bath; single rooms $10 up.
MARKET. 1802, cor. Van Ness ave.— Modem
house. Furniture new.' Gas Grates and Run-
ning Water. All out&ide rooms. Gentlemen
preferred. References. ¦
McALLISTER, 736— Large front room to let. | :
MINNA. 667, | corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, Jl per week; transient. '\'.
OAK, 109— Nice double room suiuble for 1 or 2
centlemen.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny •furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights: day. week. mo.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and 1p, i>s' par-
lor; rooms, per. night. 35c to $1 50; vselc, $2 to
JS: month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms r'i*h hot and cold water: baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH. 123%— Nice sunny 'front rooms, with
gas stoves. ' '
STOCKTON. 332— Nice sunny clean suites and
single rms.: run. water; baths: phone; cheap.
THE CECILENE. 930 Van Ness ave.
• Bachelor's apartments; elegantly furnished;
all sunny rooms: references.
VAN NESS, 402—3 connecting furn. sunny rms.;
stationary tubs; yard; private entrance.
WELLINGTON". 73 3d— Nicely furnished rooms;
modern Improvements; rooms $150 week up.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 22C0 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has 1 been established • at 10S6
Valencia Et.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
¦UNRIVALED furnished rooms: best corner In
Oakland: unsurpassed family table, 25c,- per
meal; $4 per week: every accommodation and
attention. 1103% Broadway, cor. Twelfth st.,
third flat. Oakland.
ALMORA. Twentieth and Mission; warm. belt;
new management: modern; sunny rooms; ta-
ble board: unexcelled. Tel. Church 1181.
ELLIS. 101? — Front euite of rooms; ' "2 or 3
gentlemen: also sunny front room, 1 or 2;
breakfast if desired.
ELLIS. 11S4— Sunny rooms, single or en suite;
new fiat; modern: ¦ everything new; excellent
board; references extra; also table board. — *
Cj* LITORNIA. S07— Stevenson mnnsion: select
family hotPl exceptional table :attractive rms.
HOTEL Repeller, 7S1 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.'
| THE Crock-r. 91S Leavenworth — Fine sunny
j rooms. single and en suite: beautiful grounds.
I A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
} 16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. ?1 per year. '
! BOOM5 AXD nOARD WAXTEI).'
| GENTIiEMAN wants furnished room with sun
in the morning; north of Market; not too far
cut: private - family preferred; would like
breakfast: permanent if suited. Address; with
terms and fuil particulars, A. L. M. , box
4322, Call Office. . " -
- ¦ . ¦ . !
WANTED-^A veteran of the wars wishes a-
penrfanent home with a ' small respectable
family: .expanses not to esreed $14 per month. ,
" Address "Veteran," 715H Clementina ft.
SPECIAL NOTICES.-
LADIES^Chlehester English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe.' reliable: take no other;
send. 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
* La<!ies" in letter by return mail: at drug-
gists. Chichester Chemical Co.r.Phlladei..'.Pa".'
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10, tel. 55S0.
Catarrh positively cured with Chicago Medlca-
tor;-trial free; send for circular. 933 Mkt. r,-S.
DISF;Af?ES and ailments of men treated; con-
sultation free. American Dispensary. J514 Pin".
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL. kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged: re-
pairlng; loweft rates. Tel. Black 1124. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairlng: lowest rates: phone Mint 43. 145 Sixth
SLOT MACHINES.
TWO roulettes, only $75 each, cost J250. 1167
.Market, bet. 7th and 8th; other machines.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
I PIERCE-KUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
nfflce Post and Powell Ets.; tel. Main S7J3.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mia-
slon St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS..
BEKIXS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC S-torage and Furniture Moving Cons-
j pany. *£?0 Fillmore St.: phone Jackson 281.
. TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARG^ATN^^TYplEW^ITER&^A.V'e'
sell better machines for less money than any
liouse in the city; rentals J3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 636 California; telephone Main «««.
KENT a new Franklin typewriter for $1 week
and have your work in sight. CUTTEit
TOWER CO.. 302 Montgomery; tel. Black 4SS5.
HARTFORD typewriters; new, $60; anti-trust:
all makes: used machines $10 up. 200 Sansome.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
CASMALIA Ranch Oil and Development C^mT
pany — Location and principal place of busi-
ness, 'San Francisco, Cal.; location of works,
Sant% Barbara 'County.-. Cal. Notice is hereby
given that at a meeting of the board of di-
rectors held on the 30th day of July, 1901,
an assessment of four cents per share was
levied upon the capital stock of the corpora-
tion, payable Immediately to the secretary of
Eaid corporation, at its office, room 304 Claus
Spreckels building, southwest corner of Third
and Market sts., San Francisco. Cal. Any
stock upon which this 'assessment shall re-
main unpaid on the second day of September,
- 1901, will be delinquent and advertised for
. sale at public auction, and unless payment is
made will be sold on the 19th day of Septem-
ber, 1301, to pay the delinquent assessment
together with costs of advertising and ex-
penses of sale. T. H. CURLEY, Secretary.
Office, ' room 304, Claus Spreckels building
southwest corner Third and Market ets.. San
Francisco. Cal. • ¦' ¦
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Quartermaster's Supplies De-
pot Quartermaster's Office. 36 New Montgom-
ery St., Ban Francisco, Cal., August 5 1901-*
Sealed proposals, in duplicate, will be re-
ceived at this office until 11 o'clock a. m.,
Thursday, August 15, 1901. Pacific standard
time, and then opened, for furnishing Sad-
dlery,, Wagons, Machinery, Hardware Leath-
er, Hardwood, Lumber. Wagon Parts, Wagon
• > Covers. Early deliveries are essential. Pref-
erence will be given to articles of domestic
production and manufacture, conditions of
price and quality being equal- (including in
. the price of foreign production and manu-
facture the. duty thereon)., and such prefer-
ence will be given to articles of American
production arid manufacture produced on the
Pacific Coast, to the extent of the consump-
tion required by the public service there The
United States reserves the right to accept or
reject any or all proposals or any part there-
of. Information and blanks for proposals will
be furnished on application. Envelopes con-
taining proposals will be indorsed "Propo-
sals No. 6524," and addressed to Major- OS-
CAR F. LONG. Quartermaster, U.S Army
¦ Depot Quartermaster. .
PROPOSALS for Quartermaster's Supplies De-
pot Quartermaster's office, 36 New Montgom-
ery st.. San Francisco, Cal., August 3 , 1901 —
Sealed proposals, in duplicate, will be received
" at this office until 11 o'clock a. m. Tuesday
August 13, 1901, Pacific Standard Time, and
then opened, for furnishing Stove and Ran<*e
Furniture, S. P. Elbows, Stovepipe, Ranee's
Stoves, Coal Vases, Parts " of Ranges and
» Grates, G. I. Boilers, Stove Bolts, 8 P ' Col-
lars and Stove Putty. Preference will be 'given
to articles of domestic production and manu-
facture, conditions of price and quality being
equal (Including, in the price of foreign pro-
duction and manufacture the duty thereon)
and such preference will be given; to articles
of American production and manufacture pro-
I duced on .the Pacific Coast, . to the extent 'of
the consumption required by "the public serv-
yice there. The United States reserves the right
to accept or reject any or all proposals or any.
part thereof. •Information and blanks for pro-
posals 'will -be furnished on'applicatioh;: En-"
velopes containing proposals will : be indorsed
"Proposals No. 5458," and addressed to MA-
, JOR OSCAR' F. LONG, Quartermaster," U. S.
Army, , Depot Quartermaster. '•','¦ ' .
aDr. Gibbon's pispensary,
629 KEAISXY ST. Established
In 1S54 for the treatment of 1'rivate
Dtaea.se*. I .oh t Manhood. Debility or
(lisnast* wearlneoii body and mini] and
Sltln Diseases. The Doctor cnreswlien
othera.fall.'./rry hiro. Charges low.
<'nr«>«{rnnmnt?ed. Call or write;
Dr. J. *'. «iaco.\, aau Tracclsco. Cal. _
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Via Saunllto 7etrf— Foot of Market St. .
ur«vt mn r«»». »mvc (An man.
wSp « {.....WEEK DAYS:.... -J 1 .*?*'.*.
8:00 a.m.') ;¦",-;' : - fl2:15 p. jt.
8:00 a. M. , 1:16 P.M.
10:00 a. m. 1 SUNDAY* j ' 8:30 r. u.
USO A. M. f • SUNDAYS j «.
-130 p.m. 5:50?. X.
23o p. m.J ' '•¦ " '[ 7:10 p.m.
- - -¦' Fare. San Trandae* to BammlS and Betvrn 51.49
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St., & SansalUo Ferry.
EAILWAY TRAVEll
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No^ 30 (twenty
rents per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Company will be payable. at the office
• of the company. 327 Market at:.- on and after
J Saturday, -August 10,- 1901. Transfer books
closed on Saturday, Ausust 3, 1301, at 12
o'clock m. ": H. W. THOMAS, Secretary.'
DIVIDEXD NOTICES.
. XoMueled ; :,[
$j \^^^^^^^ with one of the Burling- *
'¦¦¦ n/ '¦ V\ Ti I MmKralJlraf ' ton Overland Excursions. %
\ /lv '•¦ H&rt^SBmr^* " cars are clean and the r,
III p) ijffl^mjmH V\ " e^\ Mj Wednesdays; San Francisco, Tues- %
j IK j ) i Jfi V/s'f e9a^7 /^ I change to Boston. Ticket? and berths '-4
\\\ I I (f^ Byay I ItumamiWll at Southern Pacific ticket cfiiccs or SJOHN MUIR
IS DOOMED
Will you choose this as the dictator of San Francisco and con
troller of all public offices from the Mayoralty to that of Pouhdkeeper, or
will you scotch the audacious boss and his cohorts?
Chinese Slave Out on Bail.
LI Ah Yin,~a Chinese^lave girl, was re
leased from the Presbyterian Chinese Mis
sion yesterday, on giving bonds in $3000
for her appearance, before the United
States : District Court, to be deported in
case her appeal to the United States Cir
cuit Court of Appeals should fail.
; Did ycu say Rye? ,\ Then try Jesse Moore Rye
— the: finest in the world.'; C , ' .."*. •
In the Divorce Court.
Cordelia E. Cole' has been granted a di
vorce from Francis rW. Cole on the ground
of willful neglect. Nellie A. James has
sued ; Joseph James for divorce, alleging
intemperance as cause of action.
Rev.^Father O'N>ill to Lecture.
Rev. J. I>. O'Neil,:O.' P., editor of Do
minlcana, will deliver a lecture in St.
Dominic's Church on Tuesday £ evening.
August 27. The lecture will be under the
auspices of the Holy Name Society and
will be on the . subject, "Alexander th©
Sixth and Savonarola." A special musical
programme will be rendered. The pro
ceeds will I be presented • as a testimonial
to the Dominican Sisters.
1 The Republican Primary League Club of
the Thirty-second Assembly District will
hold a general meeting at its headquar
ters, Penny's Hall, 1150 Kentucky street,
Friday evening. Prominent speakers will
address the. meeting. • - ,
The Thirty-third Assembly District Club
of the Republican Primary League will
meet Monday evening, i August 12, at
Maennerbund Hall, Twenty-fourth street
and Potrero avenue, to discuss the issues
of the campaign and ratify | the nomina
tions for delegates to the convention.
The ; Republican Primary League Club
of the .Thirty-sixth Assembly District, H.
C. • Langrehr president i and H. C. Pearce
secretary, will hold a meeting this even
ing at the headquarters, Twentieth and
Guerrero. streets. : ¦: '. -
The Republican Primary League Club of
the Thirty-eighth Assembly District will
hold- a* general meeting to-night af 8
o'clock at Mascotte Hall, 1106 Golden Gate
avenues, Myrtile Cerf, president; -A. M.
Currie, secretary/ Addresses, will be de
livered on the Issues of the campaign. -
The Republicans of the Fortieth Assem
bly District : will meet Thursday night at
2045 Point ; Lobos avenue. Attorney J. B.
Sykes will preside. 1
The (¦' Forty-second -Assembly District
Club of the Republican Primary League
will hold ¦ a meeting ¦ to-night at Golden
Gate ; Hall, 1 ¦ 625 • Sutter . street, to consider
the ticket for. the I coming, primary. Speak
ers will address the meeting in behalf of
good •! government. Colonel R. B. Treat,
president; J. B. Slinkey, secretary, i ~,^
-The Forty-third' Assembly District Club
Primary League Meetings.
! At' a meetingof the Board of Election
Commissioners held yesterday, the Regis
trar was directed .to remove from .the rolls
the | names : of twenty-four men .who . are
supposed to be stuffers. All these persons
were registered from cheap lodging houses
and when cited to come before the board
and ¦" make r. sufficient .:-- explanation they
failed to put in an appearance. Five hun
dred others who "registered" from, lodging
houses in - 1 he I Twenty-eighth, : Twenty
ninth. Forty-fourth and - Forty-fifth dis
tricts . had "moved" marked after their
names. These are also \ suspects and will
be put through a rigorous examination if
they ; are 'discovered attempting to vote
The- commissioners also passed a resolu
tion suggesting that no candidate for dele
gate to any convention should serve as an
election officer. .In many : of the districts
convention delegates have been chosen to
serve in such a capacity, v There is no law
prohibiting a"; delegate acting, as ; an elec
tion officer,' and; the resolution of 'the com
missioners is merely, condemnatory of th*
good taste of such a proceeding.
Registrar After the Stuffers.
Precinct- 74— Frederick Oelrichs, Louis *T
Samuels, Joseph Rothschild. 'Precinct 75— T
P.Kiordan, P. B. Morrison, Solomon P. Elias.
Precinct 76 — Oliver J. -Derham, Bernard Bien
enfeld, Sidney M. Van "Wyck Jr. Precinct 77
M. C. Hassett, John Henry Vernon, George A
Connolly. Precinct 78— Thomas Hloore, Edmond
Kenney, Thomas F. Prendergast. Precinct 79—
Patrick Rellly. William H. Shea, Andrew Pur
cell. Precinct 80— William Buick, Joseph F
Farrell. - ... •
The regular Democratic Club of the
Fortieth Assembly District, M. C. Has
sett chairman,* met last night and nom
inated the following delegates to the Dem
ocratic-Municipal Convention: I
Fortieth District Democrats.
able, earnest and effective advocates, and the
world a sincere and consistent Christian, gentle
man. • : ,¦ : ' ¦•. ¦
Resolved, That the ' members of this society
extend to the widow and I children of our de
ceased brother our sincere sympathy in their
sad bereavement. •••• '- ' . * - ,
The following officers were elected for
the ensuing term: '¦'.
. C. K. Stern, president;' Alfred Cridge, vice
president; A. H. Bullion, recording secretary;
Miss E. E. r>igges,- corresponding secretary;
A. Melcher, treasurer.'. •'.' , • ¦• • ,
Single-Tax Society Meets and Passes
Resolutions Honoring the Late
James E. Mills. t
At the regular monthly meeting of the
San Francisco Single Tax Society the fol
lowing resolutions were passed on the
death of James E. Mills.
Resolved, That in the death of our esteemed
co-worker, James E. Mills, this society has
lost one of its best beloved and most honored
members; the. single tax cause one of its most
B. J. Flood, J. A. Madden, D. Molander. G.
A.'Mel8ing, Hugh McElroy, L. O. Solinsky, J.
Ganey, D. T. Herring, William Tomsky, C. F.
Quirey, J. Nelson and J. W. Rogers. -
The Republican Primary League Club of
the Thirty-first Assembly District held an
enthusiastic meeting last night at its
headquarters; 227 Ninth street, B. J. Flood,
president," and J. A. Madden, secretary.
Delegates to the Municipal Convention
were selected and addresses were made by
Attorney M. M. Miller and Marc Anthony.
The following , were nominated as dele
gates:
Thirty-First District.
MOURN THE DEATH OJ 1
1 FRIEND AND COMRADE
Mrs. Louisa Steffena of San , Seandro
was arrested yesterday at Hale Bros.
Concealed under her wrap was found
$3 worth of cloth. Mrs. Steffena Is a
widow 'and has supported her family by
doing housework and washing at San
Lqandro. She came here yesterday to
make some purchases. Seeing a piece of
cloth which she. thought would make a
much-needed dress for her little daughter
her mother love overcame her instinct of
honesty and she yielded to the tempter.'
of the Republican Primary League will
hold' a general meeting Friday evening at
Union Square Hall, 421 Post street. - Presi
dent, F. P. Shibeley; secretary, Fred To
belman. .Addresses will be made by Hon.
D. W. Burchard, M. M. • Miller and Marc
Anthony.
Stole to Clothe Her Child.
An Insolvent Carpenter.
H. Penlecka, a carpenter of this city,
filed a petition in Insolvency yesterday in
the United States District Court. He
owes ?3SS>7 57 and he has $195 assets.
Attorneys Raker and Harris of Modoc
County, counsel for the Lookout lynching
suspects, filed a petition for a. writ of
habeas corpus in favor of their clients in
the Supreme Court yesterday. It is
claimed that the evidence presented to the
Grand Jury did not warrant the Imprison
ment of the accused, and that at any
rate they should be confined without bail.
Try to Free Lynching Suspects.
The light and water companies of the
city are - complaining at the recent order
of the Supervisors making them responsi
ble for inspectors' fees for all trenching
work they do. They claim that the city
ordinance's illegal and that they have a
right to proceed with such work under the
State law, which permits them to open up
streets upon filing a proper bond. The
ordinance has not been complied with nor
will it be until an amicable suit which has
been brought to test its legality has been
decided one way of the other.
Ordinance Displeases Corporations.
The deed in question, Mrs. Jenner
claims, passed from, her former husband
to his brother, Daniel T. Murphy, on May
27, 1887, in furtherance of a conspiracy to
hinder, delay and defraud creditors. She
asks that these allegations be sustained
by the decree of the court and that the
deed be declared one of trust, that she
may satisfy the $7000 alimony judgment
she now holds against her former hus
band. "••-...
Mrs. Nora Helen Gertrude Murphy-Jen
ner, former wife of Bertram Samuel Jo
seph Finnistone O'Neill Murphy, filed suit
yesterday, declaring that she has been de
feated of her alimony rights through the
•operation of a fraudulent conspiracy m
which her former, husband and Daniel T.
Murphy, now a resident of Burlingame,
were the principals. Mrs. Jenner asks
that the deed of gift under which Daniel
T. Murphy holds possession of the prop
erty, once that of her former husband, be
set aside and that the court decree that
Daniel T. Murphy holds the property in
trust and not as absolute owner.
Suit to Set Aside a Gift
Deed.
Nora Helen Gertruda Jenner Files
There is a bad mix-up of affairs in the
Thirty-seventh Assembly District. One
fact should be made clear. to the property
owners and other good citizens of the
Thirty-seventh, and that is the fact that
all • the boss elements ¦ are combining
against the Republican Primary League.
The plan of the bosses is to fuse the In
dependent Club and the Grand Hotelers
into an alliance. If the scheme succeeds
Kelly. and.Crimmins, who are working
und^r cover and playing on the vanity of
several respected citizens, will derive the
benefit of the fusion. As good a man as
George D. Clark, president of the Union
League Club, 'is in danger of being used
as an instrument of Boss Kelly.
Workingmen, business men, merchants
and others of the Thirty-seventh District
who are sincerely devoted to the cause of
honest municipal government should in
vestigate for themselves. Inquiry will es
tablish the truth of The Call's assertion
that: an alliance of all the boss elements
of the district is the scheme in view. The
response ! should . be a ' popular uprising . in
the Thirty-seventh in support of the Re
publican Primary League ticket. • The big
registration convinces the boss leaders
that the people intend to take a hand in
the primary election; hence a scheme to
fool the people by fusion is presented.
Thirty-Seventh District.
the league. ' All compromise tickets bear
the taint of bossism. ¦ -
¦ ¦ I, ' '•
Though Mrs. Kincaid says, she has
heard nothing of any movement to class
ify the public schools on the forty-five
pupil limit, yet the board has decided on
such a classification, though it will prob
ably be several days before active work
of reorganization will commence. Last
year the classes ran from fifty to fifty-five
and this resulted in such a congestion
that the reorganization decided upon has
been deemed a necessity.
Classification of Public Schools.
The allied bosses, with Martin Kelly in
command, intend to make a desperate
struggle to fasten boss rule on San Fran
cisco. In the Democratic camp apathy
prevails. Sam Rainey, convinced that the
Phelan-McNab combination cannot be
broken, has given orders for the Demo
cratic push to get In behind Boss Martin
Kelly. Yesterday the word was passed
along the line by Eddie Greaney telling
the Democrats who take orders to stand
in and save Kelly from defeat. This is an
old game of the bosses. It was * .often
played by Buckley to demoralize .Repub
lican forces. It is to be reintroduced by
Rainey. Citizens should -understand that
Rainey and Kelly are in close touch.
When Boss Kelly needs help at the Leg-
ONE week from to-day the primary
election will take place. The large
registration signifies popular in
terest in the impending contest.
There remains important work
for good citizens to perform. The issues
of the election should be discussed in
every district and special efforts should be
put "forward to induce every. opponent of
boss rule to go to the polls next Tuesday
and vote for the delegates nominated un
der the auspices of the Primary League,
SISTER-IN-LAW CHARGES
MURPHY WITH CONSPIRACY
Last night until a late hour- the rooms
of the Republican Primary League. 930
Market street, were crowded with earnest
fw e . ne . r eetic citizens. It was announced
that tickets should be filed at the Regis
trar s office before 12 m. to-night. The
law does not require this filing., but ft the
tickets are^filed early : the names can be
printed on the official tally sheets. Near-
JX *£ i, X l not a JL' the league tickets will be
filed before midnight. • ¦ , ¦-,.'• :¦¦ .-.7.
¦ The officers of the league and the promi
nent workers in the various districts are
confident of winning, a great victory at
the primary election next Tuesday." /All
the signs of the hour point to! a popular
uprising to down the allied bosses. As the
election day approaches citizens begin .to
perceive that the Issue is clear cut: ; The
Primary ' League declares i war on ; all the
bosses. .. r The only, sure iway of -rebuking
the bosses is to vote the straight ticket of
Republican Primary . League.
In view of this fusion of boss elements
and corrupt factions it becomes essential
that workingmen, business men, taxpay
ers and good citizens generally should re
double their efforts to save the city from
a reign of boss plunder. The bosses will
be defeated if citizens do their duty at
the primary election. Many followers of
the Democratic boss will refuse, no doubt,
to sign their names as Republican voters,
but they will be at the election booths
taking orders from Martin Kelly. It Is
a common trick of the boss rounders to
say to a voter who is known to be against
them: "This is not your precinct. You
vote at suqh'and such a number." Citi
zens who are not suspecting tricks eo
where they are directed and find that they
have been fooled. In their disgust some
decide to leave without voting. Citizens
must keep a sharp lookout for bogus i tick
ets. The bosses will freely use the motto
"anti-boss" to accomplish their ends. In
the mixed tickets names of prominent
citizens will ,be used. The allied ¦ bosses-
Kelly, Rainey, Gage, Crimmins, Lynch
and- Herrin— are holding back, their tick
ets until it is too late, for reputable citi
zens whose names may be placed thereon
to decline. If leading Republicans of San
Francisco are not watchful ,Kelly-and
Kalney will use their names to boost boss
tickets -in the Twenty-eighth, Twenty
ninth, Forty-first and Forty-third Assem
bly districts. In order that no mistake
may be made voters who desire to record
an unmistakable vote against the bosses
should procure the Republican Primary
League. ticket the day before election.
Vote that tifcket and no other. No doubt
the names of good men will be placed on
other tickets, but they will be placed there
to deceive and confuse the honest voter
The bosses are prepared t» resort to every
trick and stratagem known to push poli
ticians. The law will not allow repeating
or fraud in tallying votes, hence the ticket
peddlers and strikers in the employ of the
disreputable boss element will seek to
S!? n a «JL ifi* VOt . ers to send them from
cannt t P t0 one where thev
Duty of Good Citizens.
islature he sends , for Rainey. The two
usually confer at the Western' Hotel in
Sacramento, and the day -after their, con
ference the members of the Democratic
push in the Senate and Assembly line up
to aid the Kelly-Crimmins contingent of
the Republican party. When Rainey has
a hard battle on his hands he sends for
Kelly and the latter responds with Repub
lican reinforcements. Rainey is now
bound by the obligations of bosshood and
moved .by the cohesive; power of public
plunder to go to Boss Kelly's rescue. .The
old push element of the Republican party
that was sonotorlous at Sacramento in
the prolonged Senatorial struggle has re- i
ceived orders to get hV behind Boss Kelly
and oppose the ticket of the Republican
Primary League.'
Boss Sam Rainey yesterday ordered' the Democratic push to enter the Republican fight and get
in behind Boss Martin Kelly. As Rainey claims to control the Fire Department of San Francisco the Fire
Commissioners are advised to be on their guard lest the department be plunged into the primary fight.
All the forces of bossism and municipal plunder are combining against the Republican Primary League. *
BOSS SAM RAINEY ISSUES ORDERS TO DEMOCRATIC PUSH.
The jury in the case of John H. Cordes,
who was tried for the murder of John
Carlson in the Diana dance hall on Pa
cific street on April 4 last, brought in a
verdict of murder in the first degree last
night with the recommendation that the
punishment be fixed at imprisonment for
life. Cordes Is the man who killed two
men. one of them. Carlson,' and seriously
wounded a third while shooting at a
woman with whom he had consorted and
who had deserted him. .
Ccrdes Found Guiltv of Murder.
Last night Mrs. Flood surprised the po
lice by announcing that she had found the
money, and the ring under a lounge in her
rooms ' and would withdraw the charge
against Lutton.
The note showed evidence of the fact
that Lutton had known Mrs. Flood for
some time, although she declared to the
Judge, sha, had never seen him before Fri
day. In the note he wrote that he had
waited for her for half an hour and he
explained that he had been called out the
previous night on an emergency order
from the militia and had to go to the
armory and do six hours' duty. He prom
ised; to call again at 8 o'clock that even
ing. ¦ .
¦ Mrs. . Flood told : a strange tale to' the
Judge.- She said that Lutton was a junk
dealer and that on Friday he called at
her house and she sold him some crock
ery ware. He picked up the diamond ring
from a table, put it on his finger and re
marked that it would look nice. When
he left she missed the ring and $35. He
called at the house next day . when shy
was out, she says, and her son saw the
diamond ring on his finger. He left a nota
for her with the boy and took $10.
Mrs. Alice Flood, 418 Ellis street, secured
a warrant from Judge Cabaniss yesterday
for the arrest of Fred Lutton on the
charg'e of grand larceny. j She accuses him
of stealing a diamond ring valued at $160.
The warrant has been placed in the hands
of Detective T. B. Gibson.
Mrs. Alice Flood Tells a Peculiar
Story About an Alleged Junk-
Dealer.
ACCUSES LTJTTON OF
STEALING HER RING
The prisoner is an ex-soldier and is 41
years of age. He says he had applied for
re-enlistment in the army. At one time
he worked for Weinhold and during his
term of employment became familiar with
the premises.
Just as Weinhold reached the rear door
a man in a soldier's uniform bolted past
him and, leaping a fence, made his escape.
Another form in citizen's attire then ap
peared in the doorway, but* Weinhold
grappled with the second intruder and
pushed him back in the room. The sa
loon man then seized a, large club and
threatened his captive with a fractured
skull if he attempted to cross the thres
hold again. Mrs. Weinhold called up Cap
tain Seymour; and Detectives Charles
Crockett and Tom Dillon were hurried to
the scene. . *
Shortly after 8 o'clock last night .Wein
hold heard a noise In his storeroom, which
is In the rear of the saloon. Calling his
wife from upstairs, . where the family
lives, he instructed her to bar the door
that' leads into "the bar, then went around
to the rear of the room in which he had
heard the sound of footfalls and falling
bottles.
Otto "Weinhold, a saloon-keeper at Lyon
and Lombard streets, surprised two bur
glars at work in his storeroom last night.
One of the criminals, who was dressed as
a soldier, made his escape, but the saloon
man blocked the exit of the other and
held him a captive while his wife tele
phoned to police headquarters for detec
tives. The officers handcuffed the thief
and brought him to the Central Police
Station, where he gave the name of Wil
liam H. Coleman, and proved to have been
once in the employ of the man he at
tempted to rob. He was charged with
burglary.
Thief Is Detained Until
Police Come and Ar
. , rest Him.
Dimmlck is being watched by secret
sen-ice men, though he has been dis
missed from the Government employ.
Superintendent Leach was seen yester
day and stated that he did not know the
secret service agent who was working in
Santa Barbara, and that the entire mat
ter of the Mint robbery was in the hands
of the secret service men. Agent Hazen
maintains his usual silence and positively
declines to discuss the robbery.
Although Dimmick is no longer a serv
ant of the Government, having been dis
missed on account of misconduct previous
to the discovery of the robberv, it is rec
ognized on all sides that he has always
been looked upon and is still regarded as
the one man who could tell where the
missing sacks of gold are located.
Dimmick's wife is now living with her
father. Judge Wright, at Santa Barbara.
Superintendent Leach stated yesterday
that he did not expect any action to be
taken in the matter of the robbery until
Director of the Mint Roberts arrived in
Washington, which will be about the 15th
inst.
The information given exclusively . by
The Call served to strengthen the belief
that the Government was looking to Dim
mick to give some explanation as to the
missing $30,003 stolen from the cashier's
vault.
The news that secret service agents of
the Government were seeking in Santa
Barbara, the former home of ex-Chief
Clerk Walter Dimmick. for information
concerning the $30,000 recently stolen from
the Mint created a sensation in that in
stitution yesterday.
for the Thief Is Main
tained.*
Search for Missing Sacks of Gold and
SECRET SERVICE MEN
WATCHING DIMMICK
CLEVER CAPTURE
OF A BURGLAR
In the years subsequent to the adoption
of the new State constitution it was dis
covered that many laws should be re
vised or amended. In 1895 the Governor
appointed a commission to revise the
codes, and such a commission existed
through the succeeding years up to the
session of the last Legislature, when its
recommendations were adopted.
-In anticipation of changes in the laws
the constitution had - provided for the
form in which such legislation should be
made. It seems probable, therefore, that
the manner in which revisions and
amendments were. printed for enactment
was due to an .oversight on the part of
the commission.
The titles of the proceedings heard yes
terday, and in - all of which this same
point was raised, are Gillis vs. Superior
Judge Jones of San Joaquin County, I*ev
enton vs. Judge Harrington of Modpc
County, Watt vs. Cook and Lewis vs.
Dunne of San Francisco County.
The particular cases in • which manda
mus proceedings, were sought did not
bring up " the point at issue, but were
aimed at compelling the judges against
whom the. writs were directed to perform
certain duties which they maintained were
nbt necessary according. to the new codes,
but were compulsory under the old ones.
Incidentally, then, the question" as to the
constitutionality of the revisions was
raised. On the outcome of the decision
there depends the settlement of a multi
tude of cases. /
The form in which revisions and amend
ments.were presented to the last Legisla
ture was a connotation of the numeral by
¦which the statute is designated, followed
by the text of whatever it was desired to
repeal, add or correct. In such fragment
ary, form and apparently in violation of
the State constitution, the codes were
adopted. Unless the Supreme Court can
find a loophole of escape the original laws
will have to stand. -
No law shall be revised or amended by refer
ence to Its title, but in each case the act
revised or section amended shall be re-enacted
and published at length as revised or amended.
The question raised by the Attorney
General was whether or not section 34 of
article IV of the . State constitution had
been complied with by the Legislature.
The particular portion of the sectlfin
which refers to revisions and amendments
says: : - ! . .
The Attorney General first brought up
the matter and in every succeeding case
the same argument was made by the dif
ferent counsel. Three more hearings to
-which the same question applies are
"scheduled for • to-day and the Supreme
Court must decide the issue before action
can be taken in any case.
The Supreme Court was confronted yes
terday in . five different proceedings in
mandamus with the question of .the con
stitutionality of the revised codes adopted
at' the last session of the Legislature and
which went into effect on July 1.
The secret service men here now are
uncommunicative and from all that can
be conjectured they are awaiting orders
from Burns or possibly his return from
San Francisco.
It was learned to-day that the Govern
ment officials ot the secret service have
delved into Dimmick's life thoroughly.
'liiey have also made a search for &oid
not only in Xhe house of Judge Wright,
his father-in-law, bO% it is said ii\ other
places. The officers have resented in
quiries by newspaper men and the results
of their efforts cannot be found out at
this time. That the process has been
thorough is shown by the fact that Agent'
Bums and his picked men were at work
for the space of a whole month, and not
a few days as was at first supposed.
Burns is now in San Francisco, but he
left this place so well garrisoned with his
secret forces that not a move can be made
bearing on the investigation in hand that
will not be instantly known to them.
Whether or not the authorities have any
thing against Dimmlck cannot be said,
but there is no question that he is the cen
tral tlgure in their secret inquiry here.
Judge Wright, the father-in-law of Dim
mick, is much grieved over the course
the Investigation seems to have taken and
he reiterates his assurance that Dimmlck
is perfectly Innocent. He said to-night
that his faith in his son-in-law is un
shaken. That the search of his property
was made he admits, but he says that it
came to nothing. He declines to enter
into any details about it. Judge Wright
stated that in all of Burns' dealings he
was a perfect gentleman, and, added the
Judge. "I sunpose he performed the duty
he was sent here to do."
SAXTA BARBARA. Aug. 5.— The oper
ations of Government ag-ents in this city
in an investigation of the $30,000 robbery
at the San Francisco Mint for'no other
apparent reason than that former Chief
Clerk Walter N. Dimmlck lived here has
caused a tremendous sensation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Enactments of Legislature in
Danger of Being
', Nullified.
Officials Engaged on Mint
Robbery Case Await
Orders.
Supreme Court Consid
ers Matter of Great
" • - T- 1 ' ' ' M - ' ' ' *
"Work of Secret Service
Agents Causes a
Sensation.
Big Registration, Indicative of Popular Uprising to Save the
| City From a Reign of Municipal 'Plunder, Frightens the
Allied Bosses— Renewed Activity of Republican Primary League
LAWYERS ATTACK
THE NEW CODES
INQUIRY STIRS
SANTA BARBARA
RAINEY ORDERS DEMOCRATIC PUSH
TO LINE UP BEHIND MARTIN KELLY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 6, 19011
"IT'S IJP TO YOU," VOTERS:
Verus cures piles or $50 reward. All ut>«
to-date druggists sell and guarantee it. *
Railroad men say Muir is a most capa
ble man and has always shown the great
est enthusiasm in his work. Others claim
that Hays has decided to make a clean
sweep of all those who were appointed
under the old regime and put younger
men in their places.
Railroad officials who are In a position,
to know refused to either affirm or deny
the rumor yesterday. To all questions they
shook "their heads and said they "knew
nothing about It." Muir is an old attache
of the road and has been a division super
intendent for many years, and his resig
nation would come as a great surprise to
those who are not in the confidence of the
new manasement.
The rumor was freely circulated around
the big yellow building yesterday that
John Muir, superintendent of the Los An
geles division of the Southern Pacific, was <
shortly to resign.
Rumor Current That He
Will Be Forced to
Resign.
12
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Oakland Off ice— 54 San Pablo Ave.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Off lea 1OO4 Market Streat.
Telephone — South 42O,
la .the order in the United States Laun-
dry. Quick and best work and prompt
delivery are our guiding principles, and
we're equipped to serve all that come.
Our wagon is at your service, whether
your order is by telephone, call or mail.
No saw edges. ;
STEP LIVELY
For LIQUOR and MORPHINE HAEITS.
Twenty Tears' Experience. .
Patients may be treated at home or pri-
vate sanitarium. Office Glasgow BulMing
105 Ellis St.. near Powell. Hours, 10 to 12
a. m. , 2,W 4 p. m.
SPECIFIC TREATMENT
La'.e Superi-tendent Physician City
and Count' Hospital.
MENTAL AND NERVOUS DISEASES.
DR. G. B, SUSSDORFF,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A LESSON IN VALUES.
_^||jOLLAR for dollar, pound for pound, there is
| $JPI| more in Ivory Soap than in any household
I soap. It is easy to find a cheap soap; but
llUr^ i to find purity and low price in a single soap
is not easy. They combine in Ivory Soap. You
can afford to use it in the laundry; you can not
afford not to use it elsewhere. It is vegetable-oil
soap, in the cheapest form in which it can be pro-
cured. You pay nothing for a fancy box, wrapper
or perfume. It is all in the soap! It floats.
COPTRISMT 1900 IT THI CHOCTEH A 8AMSIC CO. CINCINNATI.
\£eSviii0££j \«^^Si^fjf^i | mm f-« J
I "VAN VROOM" 1
H Dental Parlors, Q
H fOOl MARKET, Cor. 6th. U
/ of loG&fkationWm
I the most invigorating and healthful form, is walk-W //%'"
g ing, if one is equipped with shoes that are hygieni- Tf 1 ||
I cally made. We have just received a large ship-; &&¦//
| ment of all kinds of shoes for our •^jp
New $3.50 Department V
% for men and. women — shoes that are not only com- i
| fortable, but in the latest styles, which are far more i
p attractive than anything hitherto shown in San l\
b Francisco. These comprise a complete line H
% of the most exclusive shapes in Patent / .i
M _ww Leathers, both Oxfords and Boots, and slso 0
%S^^j| in all other materials. . i
(YOU CAN MAKE MONEY
By Buying Tour Glasses of Me Be-
cause you i
SAVE ONE-THIRD j
of what you would have to pay else-
where. I also duplicate any lenses for
one-third less than any one else. .,'.-' f,
E. MAXWELL, Expert Optician, ;
Room 42, Sixth Floor. Academy of Sci-
ences Building, 819 Market street.
TAKE THE ELEVATOR.