ABDUL I HAMID AND . TYPES . OF,
FOLLOWERS OF THE YOUNG
TURKS.
(Continued on Page Two.)
"Germany Is pledged to tho maintenance" 1
of Chinese Integrity by, a hundred other
documents besides, the Ahgl^-German
agreement. No oneyregrets the mystery
surrounding the Rus30-Chinese conven
tion ¦ more than tho Government. '7. The
Government has jjfven Russia ; to . under-
etarid that anyv concession" of territory ;to
an individual power would. bis disapproved,
by .Great Britain. ; and^I>ideed; this s is 1 the
policy,; of Germany'and of the otherjpow
ers.- . The Government has also infbrmed
China '.that 'any sucn - surrender of ; terri
tory would be disapproved." 7" " . •' ¦ i
On the"' third -reading of : the ,'appropria- 
tlon bill In the House of Commons a dis
cussion of Chinese affairs was raised; and
Lord • Cranborne ' referred members to
Lord Lansdown's; statement in the House
Of Lords. He added:
If the document rcallv fell within the
language used by Count Lamsdorff. I his
Majesty's Government would certainly
not object to 4t. Untii these uncertain
ties were removed Great Britain could
not do- otherwise than adhere to" the view
that it was desirable that China, ,at a
time when she was negotiating with [ the
whole of the . powers, should ' simul
taneously enter into a ortvate and separ
ate arrangement involving the territorial
and financial conditions with another
power. - That was . the , language that the
Government had used to China and It was
•almost precisely j the language which had
been used by .. the German Government.
His Majesty's Government would be tena
clous in matters of principle. In matter
of detail they i realized they, must not al
ways ' expect ' to havo their own way.
They would use their best" endeavors to
bring the present^ negotiations' to a close
and to eliminate a situation which was In
convenient and fraught with danger to all
concerned In the' negotiations.
. REGRETS THE MYSTERY, v
FRAUGHT WITH BANGER,
. Count Lamsdorff. the Russian Minister
of Foreign Affairs; had, however, in
formed the British s^Embassador at St.
Petersburg that it -1 v.as the purpose of
Russia' to arrange r. modus vlvendl with
China with the object of preventing dis
turbances In tho .vicinity of the Russian
frontier and that sho had no intention of
seeking that guarantee in any acquisition
of territory or in any actual or virtual
protectorate over Manchuria.
The* British Minister at Peking had
been Instructed to be moderate In his de
mands, and the Government only desired
to strengthen the guards sufficiently to
insure the safety of the legations. In
regard to the question of Indemnity now
tinder discussion. It had been decided
that the claims should be forwarded by
the powers In one lot As to the source
whence tho Indemnity should be paid It
was not desired to impose on China any
crushing burden. To do so would be con
trary to the policy of the British Gov
ernment, •which policy was to respect the
existence of China as a. 'power. He did
not dcrpair of seeing China reformed.
The people possessed many good qualities.
Both the British and .German govern
ments had Informed China that it way
not desirable, while negotiating with the
powers as a. whole, that ehe should enter
Into a. private arrangement Involving ter
ritorial or financial conditions with. any
other pewer. Russia had again assured
Great Britain that tba occupation of the
British railway was only temporary and,
China. Negotiations were necessarily
slow with the refuge* Government. On
the broad questions, however, there was
a. practical unanimity among the powers.
The allies had agreed they were not at
war with China and desired to derive no
territorial advantage from * the present
events. They also recognized the binding
nature of the existing treaties &ad de
sired to maintain the open door in com
mercial and economical questions, 'while
within the spheres where existed prefer
ential rights there^Ehould be equality cf
opportuclty for all the powers concerned.
TO Tf ATT-R MODERATE DEMANDS.
LONDON. March 2S.— In the House of
Lords to-day Lord Lansdowne, the For
eign Secretary, announced that no further
military operations by the British troops
In China were contemplated for the pres
ent. When Field Marshal Count von Wal
dersee recently ordered preparations for
the recent expedition the Foreign Secre
tary Eald the British Government in
structed General Gasclce to communicate
•with the home Government, before partici
pating therein. The compliance of China
with the demands of the powers is hardly,
cf eucfc a character as to Justify the with
drawal of the allied forces, but the Brit
ish Government hoped to be able before
long to withdraw or reduce Its forces In
"Nothing would give us greater pleas
ure than to co-operate with the , Russian
Government In; opposing such - an un
worthy object. If Russia would only, by
communicating the real text of the agree
ment, enable Great Britain to put an end
to thifi misconception, we should be-pre
pared co-operate with her/! <
What militated against any hopes had
been' the' mystery- in which the-negotia
tions have been Involved throughout. ,
rangement regarding Manchuria which
was in the nature of . a modus vlveridl.
It was suggested that the Versions of the
treaty, published' were simply trial bal
ances on the part' of tome official or pure
Inventions desired to bring about a mis
understanding, lie added : •
MAY CO-OPERATE WITH B.TJSSXA
In regard to the reported Manchurian
agreement Lord Lansdowne - said he was
not In. a position to- pass final opinion on
the matter. The Government would not
criticise • in any carping spirit any ar-
Lord Lansdowne. referring to the Anglo-
German agreement, said that when- this
was being negotiated the German Govern
ment gave Great Britain to understand
In the German view Manchuria was not a
place where they considered they had any
influence. He thought, however,. that the
point did not deserve too much attention,
pointing out that the only two treaty
ports in Manchuria were Nluchwang and
lalienwan. with regard to which explicit
assurances had been given by" Russia.'
Lord'l^ansdowne said he had seen'news
paper reports suggesting that Count von
Bulow. the German Imperial Chancellor,
had Interpreted the agreement 'differently
from Great Britain, tut the point did not
seem vital because all the powers, includ
ing Germany, had -repeatedly declared
that their policy was to maintain the In
tegrity of China.
without prejudice to the interests In
volved. Great Britain had not waived her
rights in connection with theso railroads;
nor had she ignored the interests of the
shareholders. As to sources . of revenue,
he thought the maritime customs might
be readjusted so as to Impose a real"in
stead of a nominal 5 per eent advalorem
duty. Certain free articles ought to be
subjected to duty, but caution was neces
sary, lest the Interests of British com
merce be damaeed.
ANGLO -GERMAN AGREEMENT.
The insurgent V presidente ;of
Casiguran believed the .^ story.
Two of the Lacuna letters previ
ously concocted were forwarded
to 'Aguinaldo ; at Paranan, .pro-.
vince of; Isabela. General Fun
ston and the'others were kept im
prisoned for three days, surrepti
tiously giving ; orders : at night.
On the morning of March }7,
taking a sniall quantity, of .crack
ed corn, the' ¦ party '¦ started on • a
ninety-mile march : to- Paranan.
• The country is frough" and uriiiv 1
habited, and provisions could, not
be secured. : The .party ate small;
shellfish, but were -almost
starved. rivers,
climbing -precipitous mountains
arid " penetrating dense ;j jungles,
they marched 1 seven v days \ j and ,'
nights, and V 6ri v- March : 22 .. had -
reached : a point- eight miles f rohi'
Paranan. .¦„¦; They : were ; now so
\yeak -that ' it i was necessary . * to
seiid ¦ to ¦ ;Aguihaido's -[ camp $ for
foocl. ;. ;.; ; - ~"f . : ; :. ¦¦ '.?'?.. [:¦
Agitihaldo - dispatched sup-
sympathizers. -Having.: arrived
there the ex-insurgent officers,
ostensibly. '..; commanding- the
party, announced that ' they were
on the way to join Aguinaldo be-;
tween Pautobang and Baler; that
they had surprised an American
surveying party, and that they
had 'killed '.- a capturing
fiytf: '"' Tiiey exhibited General
Funston and the 'other Ameri
cans as their prisoners. . I ;
" THE STORTri IB BET*TF.VEJ>.
•AVhen the firing began General
Funston assumed command ar\d
directed the attack . on the house,
personally assisting, in the cap
ture of Aguinaldo. The insur-
Colonel Simeon. Villia, Agui
naldo's chief of staff, Major
Alambra and others attacked the
men who were holding Aguinal
do. Placido shot Villia in the
shoulder. Alambra jumped but
of the window and attempted to
cross the river. It is supposed
that he was drowned. Five other
insurgent officers fought for a
few minutes and then fled, mak
ing their escape.
, DIRECTS THE CAPTTTRE.
Hilario ' Placido, one of the
Tagalo officers and a* former in
surgent major, who was wound
ed in the 'Jung by the fire "of the
Kansas regiment at the battle of
Caloocan, threw his arms around
Aguinaldo, exclaiming, "You are
a prisoner of the Americans/'
The Macc.abebes 'opened fire,
but their aim was rather ineffect
ive and only three insurgenls
were killed. The rebels returned
the fire.
On hearing the firing, Agui
naldo, who evidently thought his
men were merely celebrating the
arrival of reinforcements, ran to
the window and shouted, "Stop
that foolishness ; quit wasting
ammunition."
suspiciously, exclaimed, "Now,
Maccabebes go for them."
¦ . * sFunstoii's men
crossed -the: river in small boats, .
formed on the bank and marclietl ;
to the right ancl then in from of .
the ¦* insurgent : grenadiers. r~ /Che-
Tagalos - entered tlie house
.where < Aguinaldo was.
i'QO- FOR THEM, MACCABEBES!'' .'
- Suddenly the- cqmmandingroffj
noticing* that Aguinaldo's
side was watching the • Americans
¦ /¦>¦;¦¦¦ 'r* ¦¦¦¦ ¦•¦"* - • .; ¦:¦-¦¦.- ¦
-While" one of the ex-insurgent
.officers with Agui
naldo'saidi another, a Spaniard^
sent a ; courier i to .warn General
Funston and i: the! rest,: who, with
eleven Maccabebes Were about
ah hour behind. Having; re
ceived' this' warning, General
Funston avoided Aguinaldo's de
tachment and joined the column,
avoiding observation. The Taga-
Jos I went ahead to greet Agui
naldo and the column slowly fol
lowed, arriving finally at Para
nan.'
Aguinaldo's household troops,
fifty "men, .in • : neat uniforms 'jof
bitie: and -white, and wearing
straw hats; lined up to receive the
newcomers/ ',. •' : - >
FTTNSTON" IS WARNED.
plies__ and directed that the
American ; prisoners be kindly
treated, but not be allowed * to
enter the town.
' On. the morning of Jklarcti 23
the advance was resumed. The
column- was met by the staff of
ficers of Aguinaldo. and a detach
ment of Agtiirialdo's bodyguard;
which was -ordered to take
charge .of the Americans. .
Cooperation With Russia Withheld Until Secrecy Regarding the
Manchurian Convention Is Removed.,
GREAT BRITAIN'S POLICY IN CHINA
ANNOUNCED IN NO UNCERTAIN TERMS
"Order and. (security prevail at every
point in his Majesty's empire. The for
eign .public debt department; established
come years ago. is in.: operation and tho
finances of the country are in good con
dition."
1 "I. have no cfflclal report concerning
these alleged occurrences '.but I. am bound
'•'to^tJecIafe^lhat': tn^-»'neinle« '^ot^'isStitej^
are trying ' to discredit her. I: am ,'fure
they will hot succeed In their mischievous
efforts to qreate disturbances by calum
nies directed ..against a solid and stable
Government, the ruler of which "has for
more than a quarter of a century reigned
with honor and dignity.* Reports that an
insurrection exists are Inventions of busy
bodies.
On the night pi March g t j ie
party embarked on the United
States gunboat Vicksburg.' . It
was ; originally ' intended ; to take *
cascos from the island of Pollilo .
and . drift tb:the: mainland, btit a'
storm arose and three of the cas
cos were lost. This plan was
abandoned . At 2 a. ni . , March .
I4; : the ;Vicksburgput her lights •
out and ran, inshore twenty-five •
miles -south ' of^Casigurah, -pro- v
vince. of /Principe. ¦'; The "party
landed - ' and marched to Casi- V
"guran; Trie; Americans had never
garrisoned-this place, i and the'in
habitants t kre j: strong - instirsrent •
General Funston and the of
ficers wore plain blue shirts and
kbaki trousers. Each carried a
half blanket, but wore no insignia
of rank. ' The Maccabebes were
carefully instructed to \ obey the
orders of the four insurgent, of
ficers. .
f- EMBARKS/ ON VICKBBTJRG. ; .
With the Maccabebes were
four .ex : insurgent officers, one
being a Spaniard and the other
three Tagalogs whom General
Funston trusted \ implicitly.
His plans completed and ap
proved, General Funston came
to Manila and organized his ex
pedition, selecting seventy-eight
Maccabebes, all of whom spoke
Tagalog fluently. Twenty wore
insurgent uniforms and the
others the dress of Filipino labor
ers. - This Maccabebe company,
armed with fifty Mausers, eight
Remingtons and ten Krag-Jcrg
ensens, was commanded by Cap
tain Russell T. Hazzard of the
Eleventh United States Volun
teer Cavalry. With him was; his
brother, Lieutenant Oliver- P. M.
Hazzard, of the same regiment.
Captain . . Harry W. Newton,
Thirty-fourth Infantry, was taken
because of his familiarity with
Casigunan Bay, and Lieutenant,
Burton J. Mitchell, Fortieth In
fantry, went as General Fun
ston/s aid. These, were the only
Americans accompanying the
leader of the expedition. \
MANlL^Marchr28.-
/General}^ Frederick
VFunstoii, '; who on
' ' i Marclis.^23 : /captured
General Emilio Agitinaldo, when
interviewed to-day f |gave the foj
lowing^ details -concerriing the
capture of the ; Filipino' leader:
The -'confidential' agent of
Aguinaldo arrived^ f February \ 28
at I Pantabangan, i«|tHe province
of Nueva Ecija, Ndgthern Luzon,
with letters dated /tjauuar y 11,12
and 14. These letters were from
Emilio AsruinaldoKand directed
Baldomero Aguinaldo to take
command of the of
Central Luzon, s|vpplementing
General Alejandnhd. Eniilio
Aguinaldo also or^red that 400
men be sent him as|soonas pos 1 
sible, saying that the. bearer of
the letters would ;% guide* ,¦' these
me'n to where Aguinaldo was.
General Funston 4 | secured the
correspondence of i% Aguinaldo's
agent and laid his: jilans accord
ingly. Some montlis previously
lie had captured the; camp of the
insurgent General Bacuna, inci
dentally obtaining; Eaquna's seal
of the papers, and :&r quantity of
signed correspondence.^ From .
this material i two litters were
constructed ostensibly from La
cuna to Aguinaldo. One of -these
contained infqrmatioh , as to the
progress of the 1 war; B The* other,
asserted; that ,] pursuant t of orders
received *£rac*' Baldor^ro^AVui^
naldo, Lacuna was sending 'his
best company to * Presidente
Emilio Aguinaldo.
ORGANIZES THE EXPEDITION.
TURKISH MINISTER DENIES
THAT GRAVE CRISIS EXISTS
IN THE SULTAN'S REALM
Declares That Enemies of the Country Are Trying to
Discredit Her and Reports of Revolution.
Were Started by Stock Jobbers.
\f*^ ALL BUREAU, 1406 6 STREET; [
/f N. W.. WASHINGTON. March 28.
VV^ AH Ferrouh Bey, Turkish Minister
to the" United States, Is Indignant
over the reports from London that
a serious condition of affairs exists in
Turkey.
These reports are regarded In Turkish
diplomatic circles as on a par with those
which have been published asserting that
a grave crisis txists In Russia. There Is
a disposition to credit the reports to stock
jobbers. The Turkish Minister said this
afternoon:
PRICE FIVE v CENTS.
SAN FRIDAY, MARCH 39, 190 1.
VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. 119.
BREAKS BACK
OF FILIPINO
INSURRECTION
"I hope for speedy cessa
tion ¦ of hostilities throughout
the archipelago in consequence
of this stroke. , As. a result of
conferences now in progress
Aguinaldo \ will .; probably, is-"
sue an address advising a gen
eral surrender, the delivery of j
arms and acceptance of Ameri
can' supremacy."— From Mac-
Arthur's report on the capture
of Aguinaldo. r^/-
FUNSTON'S CAPTURE OF AGUINALDO
PROMISES TO BE SPEEDILY FOLLOWED
BY COLLAPSE OF THE INSURRECTION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
THE CAPTURED FILIPINO CHIEF,
HIS SPOUSE AND SCENE OF FUNS
TON'S DARING DEED.
Details $f the Most Daring Explbit of ttodern Times Show That the
American Officers and Their Faithful Followers Faced Hany Perils
I %During;the Journey to the Filipino Chiefs Retreat.WILLIAM FEARS ANOTHER
REVOLUTIONARY RISING
Weiland's Attack Thought to Have Been
Cause for His Telling Alexander Guards
to Hold Themselves Ready.
(Continued from Page One.)
BERLIN. March 28.— Emperor William.
In the course of a speech to the Alexander
regiment In the courtyard of the bar
racks, said, according to the Kreuz Zei
tung. that his hearers must be ready day
and night to act as the bodyguard of their
King and give their lifeblood If necessary
for the Emperor and his house-
Calling to mind the events of 1848, his
Majesty Gald that if such days should
come again the regiment would certainly
repress all insubordination or misconduct
against the King. ,
Amazement is everywhere expressed at
the Emperor's strong hints to a possible
revolutionary rising and of street fights
¦with the troops. Well informed circles
*ee in his Majesty's deliverance further
proof that the attack on him by Weiland
at Bremen has very seriously affected his
views and attitude toward the German
people.
The versions cf the speech differ widely.
A number of the papers this evening do
not print a word of It, and these include
the entire eeml^offlcial press. The Lokal
Anzeiger's version, which Is the longest,
makes the Emperor say some very ex-
treme things. . The account published by
the Tageblatt contains also some very se
vere passages. The Boersen Courier prints
another version, stHl more strongly em
phasizing the Emperor's wish that the
new barracks should serve as a fortress
for the protection of tho castle. Other
papers, like the Kreuz Zeitung, publish a
weaker version. But the fact is that not
a single newspaper man was present when
the address was delivered, as none were
admitted to the courtyard. All the ver
sions were based upon subsequent ac
counts furnished by spectators other than
newspaper men, or by the friends of such,
but they tally substantially. r
The Fresslnnlgo Zeitung, which Is the
only paper commenting upon the address
this evening, eays:
"Emperor William had no reason to talk
about revolution and the like, because
Weiland's deed was the act of an irre
sponsible epileptic. Moreover, his Majes
ty forgets that the revolution of 1S48 wag
part of a general uprising throughout the
whole of Germany."
This paper also critifipes the reply of
the regimental commander, who called the
Bremen attempt a "bestial crime."" To
morrow's -press comment throughout Ger
many will intensify. the- situation.
FUNSTON'S CAPTURE OF AGUINALDO
;tAC0MAV WaihA;March f 28.— Both Cap
tain: Russell ;T.; Hazzard \ arid V Lieutenant
Ollver.i Hazzard ¦' are "I Tacoma boys.'iThey.
enlisted in Company. M of the FiratsWash-'
ington yolunteers,\Captaln Hazzard "going
with the I company A a s? second '¦¦ 1 leu tenant
and C Lieutenant ¦£. Hazzard as .' a .: private."
, Company M t was = originally • •= a - : Chehalis
company,- but : trouble In tho . organization
resulted v in disbanding the company and
Done', Good Service in' Philippines.
Both A Seasoned, a Fighters ;:Who . Have
HAZZAKDS ARE TACOMA: BOYS.
tempt he was -selected by the authorities
here as the officer who might accept it. It
was the* intention of General Funston
some time ago to return > to the United
States, but by.direction of*the WarDe
partment be was- detained' In the Philip
pines in . the hope- • that just ; such a con
tingency as did arise should give him the
opportunity to test his -prowess. Both
the President and .War Department were
fully informed ' of the trap I laid ; to capture
the insurgent leader and the result of the
expedUion has been anxiously awaited for
several days. .'.-. ,
WOULDMAEE HIM A GOVEKNOit
Schunnan Favors Giving . Aguinaldc
a', Position of Trust.
ITHACA; i N. 1 - Y. , ! M_a rch i 28.— Jacob G.
Schurman,", formerly president of the Phil
ippines Commission,, said 1 to-nlgnt: v :
"I should think. if highly "appropriate to
appoint ' ' Agulnaldo ' Governor,.' of i, Cavite.
Bulacan or^sbmo. other 'Tagalog. province.
Our object is good government in the Phil
ippines. We seek no. punishment,- no ven
geance.' We "have already used: a number
of' men who-, had -been? active in Agulnal
do's army to.ald In co.rry.ing, out the wdik
of pacification =; and : udvernment. -¦¦¦; To ¦ use
Aguinaldo Just as soon ;as he* accepts the
oath' of a allegiance '-in' carrying .out: tills
programme.: would* be-: a most important
iijep In the direction 'of j the i. policy of co
op>rntion.-> v .-.,;.¦ ;.'...'•
¦: "Now that Hhe insurrection Is over,; tha
Kren t«r problem '¦ of government confronts
us. It In to-be solved by our using natural
leaders of Filipinos in .high office and giv
ing ' the ; different ipeopld - all . tho self-gov
ernment'.- of .which they, arc capable.; In
thin lie* Uhe solution .'of our ¦ Philippine
problem.'^- • ¦ ¦. ¦•¦• - •- ¦. - .;
the ' War * Department . to-day ..and . dlB
cossed with officials the matter of ade
quately rewarding ¦ General Funston • for
the capture of Aguinaldo. •' Ldhg,'Bays
that about six weeks ago the Kansas del
egation called upon Secretary Root and
the President and ¦ recommended General
Funston for promotion, and asked that
he be given some recognition for past ser
vices. It was said then that there' was no
place for General Funston except 'in one
of the staff departments unless ho , was
made a brigadier general,' and it was said
that he could not expect such a- promotion
as that. The action of the delegatldn
was purely voluntary, as General Fun
ston '¦ had made, no- application to them
nor had ho made any request at the War
Department for recognition. -j
PRESIDENT IS GRATIFIED.
Beceives Cablegrams Announcing tha
Capture of Filipino Chief.
. WASHINGTON; March 28.— The news
of General Aguinaldo's capture. by! Gen
eral Funston was received everywhere, in
official circles, with intense gratification,
but ' perhaps nowhere .. did \ it : create more
satisfaction than at the White" House.
The first official news toreach tho execu
tive mansion "was General MacArthur'B
dispatch announcing the, capture, which
came about midnight last, night.' This
niorning the President. also saw. Admiral
Remey'3 ' cablegram ¦ and tho press . dls
.patches - - .'¦
MacArthur cabled to Adjutant Genera!
Corbin as follows: , : - . .•- ••
.."General- Funston has Just returned
from expedition to Palanan,' province: of
Isabella, where "he ..captured Agulnaldo,
who Is now in* my » possession, at' Mahi
canan. : Particulars later," - - .- ,--- t
Admiral Remey at Manila cabled .the
Navy Department- as follows: ¦
."CAVITE, March 28.-Bureau of -Navi
gation," Washington: Vlcksburg sailed on
the Sth with General Funston and elRhty
three Maccabebes aboard on ah expedition
to i capture ; Aguinaldo. ./Returned : to*day.
Agulnaldo and three; staff officers cap
tured and delivered to custody -¦ of General
MacArthur.". • / '•-. .-..-.-••¦- ,
The President naturally* is • .very much
gratified 1 -that ;• the chief ; mover; in the in-:
surrection has , at last ¦ been ¦ taken. > 1 1 < has
been • the opinion of the : military; authori
ties : for. a long . time ¦¦¦ that s Agulnaldo 5 was
doing mere - than >• all ; the ; ' other ¦»• agencies
combined to keep the rebellion in the PhlU
lppinea alive,: and .every ; energyiwas 3di
.rected^to .accomplish: hisr. capture.. -It Is
rather. ' a remarkable ¦ tribute • to '• the * dar-
Jrtjr- and i resourcef ulness'? of- General i Fun-
Eton that long before he ¦ mad© I tho ' at-
-7 March ; 23,-Genera
Fuhston.'lwhile- colonel of thevTwentietl
Kansas Regiment, in'Fefcruary, > 1899,.sub
mitted hla flrat plan • to ; capture Aguinaldi
to General Mac Arthur, who rejected; it be
cause of ! the lack of . soldiers.iaccordinjj t>
a 'story , J otl a ¦ member of j the ; Kansas' Cit;
Starts editorial staff •. v. T ho>- served .under ¦ thl
Kansas officer.' at the^ time. ., • . ¦: ¦
* Just; previous tothe outbreak of Febiu
aldo in February^ 1 899.
Funston VWanted • to* Go Af ter, Aguiu
FIlfeT PLAN'; OR CAPTURE.
. KANSAS "CITY. March 28.-Lleutenant
Burton J. Mitchell and Lieutenant Ad
mire, members : of General : Funston's" ex
pedition to" capture' Agulnaldo,' are both
Kansas, men by birth. and
Funston are cousins and lived on adjoin
ing farms : near lola.^while 'Admire was
born and raised In Topeka. ..
•* i ft 51. tc |j- el1 enllsted ¦ lr » Company v I, Twen
tieth Kansas,^ as a private. HeVwasr de
tailed as clerk in the adjutant's office and
later_ was -promoted to quartermaster ser
geant. .His was. one of the early appoint
ments made -in: the i field, receiving- hi«
commission as secondJieutenaht while the
regiment was at-- jCalooean." * After his
muster;out at. San. Francisco h'e was re
commissioired in, the Fortieth United
fhf e ?, £ nf ft V^ ry ftn f £ 83l snea as aid or
the staff: of General" Funston. - - ¦
; Young Admire .was raised in Osage City
where ho on his s father's* paper'
the Osage City j Free; Press. He moved tc
Oklahoma nine years ago. c He enlisted at
Guthrio. for, sen-ice in Cuba and afterward
procured : an ' appointment ' as second lieu
tenant for the Philippine service. . -
lieutenants in Punston's Expedition.
Also* From Kansas.
MITCHELL AND ¦ ADMIRE.
It was recruited ; at Tacoma. "When the
Washington regiment was ' ordered home
both remained in the service, joining th<
Eleventh Cavalry. Since, that time Cap
tain Hazzard has once been home. on s
furlough, carrying- at the same-time val
uable papers and information to the de>
partment at Washington. Both men wen
popular both in the Washington regimem
and with the cavalry service. They^havi
seen hafd -service in the southern end o!
Luzon Island during. the past two yean
and are seasoned: fighters. Captain Haz
zard • was "chief of scouts on Wheaton";
long march around the lake, and Lleuten
ant Hazzard was with the scouts. . .
NEW YOBK, March 28.— "Looking over the
; events of the past two years I am sometimes
impressed with the idea that possibly the
trouble with the Filipinos might have been avoided, but
¦when I say that I say it because hindsight is a great
'deal better than foresight. I have no criticism : for any
one, but it can be seen now . how the Americans who
,flrst went there hurt the pride of the Filipinos. If we
had made a greater effort to flatter them it is possible
the thing would have gone more smoothly, but I wish
to say that at tho beginning I don't believe Aguinaldo
had any idea of independence at all. They simply, hated
the Spaniards. They hated them, I say, and they want
ed to get rid. of th'em in any way possible. They looked
upon us as their deliverers and they did anything we
told them to. Afterward I think It was simply, a case
of success turning a man's head in the case of Aguinal
do. I don't believe that at first he had any ', idea of at
tempting to set up an independent republic." .
The foregoing were the significant words "uttered by Ad
miral Dewey to-day when interviewed as to the probable effect
of the capture of Aguinaldo. Continuing, he said: .
"As to the matter -of ; our relations'- with the Filipinos, .the
history has never yet been .written. I have all the letters and
documents pertaining to it, and I expect some day to write the
history of the affair. When all of the documents are published
It -will be perfectly clear that no obligation rested upon the
American forces to treat tha Filipinos as allies.
i "Agulnaldo was always a most amicable man, and person
ally I would net wish him the slightest harm,' but I believe, as'
I said, that his capture means the end of organized resistance.
• "I am delighted to hear news of Agulnaldo's capture. Of
course we had the warning a few days ago that it might occur,
but it looked like a ' very risky undertaking, and if. Funston
had lost his life every one would have said .'I told you so." It
appears to be a. very creditable piece of work on the part of
Funston and invkeeping with his previous exploits. -It was,* in
fact, a case of fighting the devil with fire. If a large fore© had
gone against Aguinaldo he would not have been found, but this
was a kind of strategy of their own kind and appears to have
succeeded, perfectly. • . " - - •¦* -"¦ *
• "Agulnaldo does not have the education with which he has
been credited, and he was not really the brains of the insur
rection. Mablnl was really the brains of the Filipino rebellion,
and Aguinaldo was the active leader. I admit I did- not give
him credit for the abilities that he has shown, -but he is cer
tainly not a man of very great ability. One- thing I wonder
about is that the dispatches to-day from Manila describe him
as 'talking freely.' When Ifiist saw him he was notably reti
cent and a good deal of his strength came from, the fact that
he did not - talk much. ;The . people believed he was invulner
able, however,- and that no harm could be done to him. There
was a story current, in fact, that a dozen men had stood up
and fired at him as a test. I suppose there were no bullets* in
tho Runs.'- That story went everywhere. The- people are in
; tensely superstitious and .they -believed that no . harm cculd
befall him. It will take some time now for the news of his
capture to become', circulated, and the' first report will be
doubted, but when they are convinced of It. I believe that or
franlzed resistance will collapse. ¦¦;•- Of > course there will be
sporadic disorder for. a long time to come, but I do not believe
that there will be anything- serious." >* ? • ¦-. '
"What do i you think ought to be done. with' Apuinaldo?"
' "Well, it seems to me that as good a thing as could be done
for the present would-be to send him to Guam. It Is the came
sort of a climate as the Philippines, and there will- be no hard
ship in the change, but there would be no chance to pose."
Admiral Says at the B^irinirig Aguinaldo Did N^
. Any Idea of Gaining Independenee^qr Filipinos*
. . ¦-:¦•.
SAlYl-Well.'-'Aggie, I've got you now; but you me a run
for my money, v ! < .V ¦->;.-¦'
- . • ' •;>>.. . ¦ ' .
TOPEKA, Kans., March 2S.— AH Kansas
rejoices -<>to-day j over ' General Funston's
feat. > At the State House the news from
Manila was the only thing talked of. All
united in saying good things .of -the Kan-,
sas soldier, but nobody deemed surprised.
Many argued that General MacArthur
had told of General Funston's expedition
only after he knew that it had. proven
successful.
Adjutant General Fox said: "He is a
brave fellow, cool -and . determined. .Of
course President McKinley will make him
a brigadier, of the regular army." " ThU
was the tone of comment made by othar
State officials. ¦ v
There were cheers for the brave little
mother and the proud father. The
crowd sang "America" and "The Stnr
Spangled Banner" .before departing for
their homes.'
This Is the proudest day. In the lives of Mn.
Funston and myseir. My own life I don't con
sider to have been without its successes, but
to*nrd ,the evening ot .life no greater Joy
comes to a parent than honor for his child. I
will say that Fred was always a cood boy.
not exactly after the * pattern ¦ of my own
making In minor matters, bet there waa never
anything dishonorable in bis character, and I
think 1 know It thoroughly, aa he happened to
be i born in my family. He did not a(m at
n/jtcrlety. but to accomplish aomethlnx worthy
In the world, and the success which haa
crowned his efforts I think should be a leraon
to young men. This day Is doubly joyous to
his mother and myself. Your presence and
the appreciation of our boy on the part of the
State and nation is joy to us. and an addi
tional source of gratification is that th.« rood
news came on the flUy-elghth birthday of his
little mother here.
The band was taken along and with
cheers and music Iola's Joy was ex
pressed. Mr. Funston responded to a call
for a speech. ,He said:
IOLA, Kans.. March. 28.— All day the
Funston home has been the Mecca of the
neighbors and to-nlffht there was a spon
taneous movement of several hundred Iola
people to run over and be neighborly. .
Son's Achievement.
Tells of the Parents' Joy Over Tfieir
FTTNSTON'S FATHER TALKS.
"You can do it if anybody can." said
General MacArthur. but the *men can
not be spared."
"I can take a hundred men, cross th*t
bridge, capture the town and Aguinaluo
before they can recover from the con
fiislon Into which w« have nowHhrown
them," enthusiastically exclaimed Fjin
ston to General MacAi thur.
•BERLIN, "March rs.-Thc Cologne Volks
Zeitung .'- prints correspondence from 'St.
Petersburg asserting that the students'
secret organization sent to the Ministers
of 1 the Interior and of War death sen
tences, "and that the Minister of the In
terior/ by a decree dated March 23. for
bade all papers to mention court proceed
ings arising, out of complaints against re
cent police , outrages. ' • '• '
ST. PETERSBURG, March 28.— It was
confidently expected that Lieutenant Gen
eral Klelgel. the Prefect of Police.- would
be given a Siberian Governor Generalship,
but- the Ministerial circular this morning
contained what is regarded as a severe
criticism of Kleigel's policy of making
arrests after the outbreak of the stu
dent troubles instead of forestalling them.
The wrangle with .Lieutenant General
Viasemski in the cathedral, which caused
ary 4, 1S93. Aguinaldo maintained his
headquarters at Caloocan. He was a fa
miliar figure • td the members of the
Twentieth Kansas Regiment, then com
manded by General Funston. It was
necessary for him to pass the Kansas out
post guard on his way from Caloocan to
Manila, to which place he made frequent
trips until three davs before the begin
ning of hostilities. Despite the fact that
he had become well known to the Kan
sas sentinels, they" wyuld always insist
upon his dismounting and showing the
pass signed by General Otis " permitting
him to enter and leave the city. -..
Following the capture of Caloocan. Feb
ruary 10. many of the tosurgents retreated
to Malabon. a city of .-ome size located en
a strip of land Juttfne out to sea im
mediately south of Caloocan and acces
sible from Caloocan by a wide etor.e
bridge. Colonel Funston submitted a plan
.to General MacArthur to capture Aeul
nnldo. . • ' .
DENVER, March 28.— General Merriam
said to-day: "What effect the capture of
Aguinaldo by. General Funston will hav»
on terminating the war In the Philippines
depends almost solely upon the influence
of Agdinaldo. . If Aguinaldo has retained
his hold upon the people, if he is recog
nized' by them as the only leader, then
the insurrection has been broken I do
not believe there is any probability that
Aguinaldo will be executed for treason
I know of no such case in the tirmv.
General Funston's heroic act is to be
classed with that of Cuahing. who blew
up the Albemarle. It will stamp him as
one of the most gallant men the war has
produced."
Praised by Merriam.
Tunston's Capture of Agtiinaldo
CLASSED WITH GUSHING.
Dr. Levysohn. edttpr of the Berliner
Tageblatt, says thi3 means the end of the
war. The Taseblatt In an. article pub
lished 1 to-day s.iys it Is glad the time- has
come for the United States* to realize a
plan cf establishing American govern
ment !n the Philippine Islands.
Congratulate America on the Capture
of Aguinaldo.
BERLIN. March 28.— German officials
congratulate the United States for the
capture of Acuinaldo and express the con
viction that peace will now be established
in the Philippines, since German trade has
suffered by reason of the war.
IONIA, Mich., March 2S.-At the annual
banquet of the Albert Williams Club to
day ex-Senator Charles A. Towne of Min
nesota was the chief speaker, his topic
being "The Spirit of Democracy." He de
clared that the country was never facing
so great a crisis as now. - lie said there
was no excuse for a standing army and
charged treachery on the part of America
In the Philippines.
"Th« Filipinos win continue to flgrh« r "
he declared, "even thought Agulnaldo hai
been captured. Funston's raid Is the out
come of treachery and a shame to Amer
ica."
GERMANS PREDICT PEACE.
Says Funston's ''Bald" Is a Shame to
"In my opinion this will tend to settle
all trouble in the Philippines. The cap
ture of their leader la sure to dishearten
Aguinaldo's followers, and although there
may be more or less trouble for some time
with small bands in different parts of the
islands I believe that the backbone ot the
trouble is broken. No doubt there are
other men among the Filipinos who are
perfectly capable of taking Aguinaldo's
place, as be Is not a man of any great
magnetism or ability, but I do not be
lieve that after his capture there will be
much enthusiasm under any leader."
General Miles would not express any
opinion as to what bhould be done with
Aguinaldo.
TOWNE CRIES "TREACHERY/'
Trouble Is Broken.
BOSTON. March 2S-— General N'elson A.
Miles said to-day regarding" the capture
of Agulnaldo:
Believes Backbone of Philippine
GENEBAL MILES' VIEWS.
LONDON. March . 29.— The morning
papera publish lonjc telegrams describing
the capture of Agulnaldo. with' sketches
of his career and editorials congratulat
ing the United States upon the success of
General Funston's brilliant ruse.- All re
cognize that he risked h!s life in the at
tempt and all express the opinion that
the capture will have a great effect in
shortening the Filipino resistance.
In this connection some of the editorials
express regret that General Dewet. who
is described as "giving England equal
trouble," is still at large in South Africa.
English Editorials Upon Success of
Funston's Ruse.
CONGEATT7ULTE TJNCXE SAM.
the war, adding: that even if Aguinaldo
and his general staff were all captured
many able generals remain. _ *_ ¦¦• *
Agoncillo was asked who was likely to
be chosen to succeed Aguinaldo, and said
he thought General Alelandrino might be
selected, as he was a clever military lead
er and enjoyed the confidence of the peo-
In reply to a question as to whether the
Filipinos had enough money to continue
the war Indefinitely. Agoncillo smiled and
replied, "That is our affair."
the resignation of Viasemski. Is also
hurting Klelgel. It Is reported • that
Grand - Duke Vladimir -is organizing a
mediation committee for the purpose of
inquiring Into the complaints of the stu
dents and endeavoring to persuade them
to behave. . ••
A story comes from the hospitals to the
effect that nineteen students have already
died from Injuries received in the recent
riots, presumably as a result of wounds
inflicted by the leaden bullets which the
Cossacks are alleged to have put on their
whips. The students themselves report
enly two deaths, while the mortality sta
tistics do not give a single death last
vrcek except from disease. •
The candidacy of M. Kowalebsky for
Minister of Education is regarded as very
serious. Senator Tagantsoff. curator of
the Moscow district, and M. Enrep, cura
tor of the Kharkoft district, are his prin
cipal opponents.
Negative virtue is peace; positive vir
tue, strife.
. "I received a cablegram only yesterday
which convinced me that the Philippine
leaders have not-modified their persistent
attitude regarding the continuance of the
war. , Whatever dlsaffections may have
taken place in, favor of the Americans
the Philippine people as a whole are re
solved to accept nothing short of inde
pendence."
When Agoncillo was asked what effect
tho capture of Agulnaldo would have on
the campaign, he said a council of the
leading Filipinos would simply meet and
elect another military chief to prosecute
"None, except the loss of a true patriot
•and a clever general. The feeling of the
Filipino people end their determination to
fight out the struggle for independence
will remain unshakable.
PARIS. March 28.— A correspondent
communicated to Agoncillo. the Filipino
agent, the news of the capture of Aguin
•aldo. ¦.: Agonclllo,' who occupies- a nicely
furnished apartment in a house in a cen
tral-Paris street, apparently surrounded
by every comfortr laughed and said: "I do
not believe it. I- have received nothing by
cable, and until I receive confirmatory ad
vices. I shall continue to ignore the news."
Asked, if. the announcement were true,
what effect he thought it would have on
the insurrection, Agoncillo replied em
phatically:
Beady to Give Up.
Agoncillo Declares Filipinos Are Not
SAYS WAR WILL- PKOCEED.
gent bodyguard fled, leaving
twenty rifles. Santiago Barce
lona, the insurgent treasurer,
surrendered without resistance.
When captured Aguinaldo
was tremendously excited, .but
he calmed down under General
Funston's assurance that he
would be well treated.
General Funston secured all
of Aguinaldo's correspondence,
showing that he had kept in close
touch with the sub-chiefs of the
insurrection in all parts . of the
archipelago. It .was discovered
that Aguinaldo January 28 had
proclaimed himself dictator. He
had been living at Paranan for
seven months undisturbed ex
cept when a detachment of the
Sixteenth Infantry visited the
town. On that occasion the en
tire population took to the 1
mountains and remained there
until the troops retired. .
COMPLETELY DECEIVED.
Aguinaldo admitted that he
had come near to being captured
before, but he .asserted that he
had never been wounded, add
ing: '/I should never have been
taken except by strategy. I was
completely deceived bv Lacuna's
forged signature."-
He feared he might 'be sent to
Guam, and he was quite glad to
come to Manila.
Paranan was guarded by
numerous outposts and signal
stations. During the fight none
of the Maccabebes were
wounded. •
The expedition rested March
24 and then marched sixteen
miles the following day to Para
nan Bay. where General Funston
found the Vicksburg, which
brought him to Manila. Com
mander Barry of the Vicksburg
rendered General Funston splen
did assistance. . .
Aguinaldo, who talked freely
of past events, said he supposed
General Trias would proclaim
himself dictator, even not know
ing that Trias" had surrendered.
He behaved courteously and
gave no trouble.
General Funston says Aguin
aldo is above the arerage in in
telligence and has prepossessing
manners.
2£EANS GZlTEBAi SDTtBENDZR.
MacArthur Beports Capture and Bee
• *" emmends Promotion for Funston.
•WASHINGTON*. March 28— A cable
gram received at the War Department
late this afternoon from General MacAr
thur tells in a t-uccinct way the history of
Acuinaldo's capture, gives all credit for
the brilliant exploit to General Funston
whose reward it suggests should be that
of a brigadier general in the regular
army, and finally closes with an expres
sion of confidence In the speedy cessation
of hostilities throughout the Philippine
archipelago as a result of the capture
Kxcept that it' makes no reference to the
•iispoEltion to l«e made. of Agulnaldo. the
dispatch covers the • whole field of gossin
and epeculation excited in Washington by
the news that Funston's adventurous ex
pedition had been crowned with complete
success. The. cablegram follows:
"MANILA. -March 28.— Adjutant Gen
eral. Important messages
ffll into the bands of General Funston on
February. 28, from which Agulnaldo was
located at Paranan. Isabella province. An
expedition was organized, consisting of
Aguinaldo's captured messenger; four ex
insurgent officers and seventy-eight Maca
bebes. who spoke Tagalo, armed with
Mausers and Remingtons and dressed to
represent insurgents. Funston command
ed, accompanied - by Captain Russell T.
Hazzard. Eleventh Cavalry; Captain "Har-'
¦ ry W. Newton. . Thirty-fourth Infantry:
•Lieutenant Oliver P. M. Hazzard, Elev
enth United States Volunteer Cavalry
and Lieutenant Barton J. Mitchell, For
tieth United States Infantry.
• The officers were dressed as American
privates and represented prisoners.
"The expedition sailed -from Manila on
Ahe> 5th on the Vieksburg and landed
idarch 14 . on the cast coast of Luzon,
twenty-sex'en miles south of Caslguran.
The expedition reached Paranan. march
ing at 3. In the afternoon, on March 23."
The natives were completely misled and
supposed the detachment to be insurgent
reinforcements.- for which supplies .-w<-r«
furnished. A go! naldo also sent .supplies
and had bis escort or forty meD-^araded
to extend proper honor. A short distance
from Aguinaldo's quarters disguise was
discarded. A combat followed, resulting
In two Insurgents being killed and
eighteen rifles and 1000 rounds of ammu
nition captured, together with Agulnaldo
and two principal staff officers. There
were no casualties on our side. The
splendid co-operation of the navy through
Commander Barry, his officers and men of
the vieksburg, was Indispensable to suc
cess. Funston loudly praises the navy.
The entire army joins in thanks to the
eea service.
"The transaction was brilliant in con
ception and faultless in execution. All
credit must go to Funston. who. under
the supervision of General Wheaton. or
ganized and conducted the expedition,
from start to finish. His reward should
be signal and immediate. With General
uheaton, I recommend Funston's reten
tion in the volunteers until he can be ap
pointed a brigadier general of regulars.
"I hope for a speedy cessation of hos
tilities throughout the archipelago as a
consequence of this stroke. As a result of
conferences now In probable progress
Aguinaldo will issue an address advising'
a general surrender, delivery of arms and
acceptance of American supremacy.
"MacARTHUR."
The conferences In "probable prcsresst'
referred to in the dispatch are. believed at
the War Department to" mean conferences
with other insurgent leaders by army of
ficers or the Taft Commission.
WILL GET UTMOST LENIENCY.
If Aguinaldo Advises General Sur
render He May Escape
Punishment.
WASHINGTON. March 28.— Emilio AguU.
naldo will probably be treated with the
utmost leniency by tha administration^
Secretary of War Root declined to-day to
say what the course of the Government
In dealing with the captured leader of the
insurgents would be. as he wished to re
ceive General MacArthur's advice befors.
discussing that point 1 • •¦•.**¦
As a matter of fact General MacArthifr
has full power to deal wi$h General Agui
naldo himself; but it is expected by the
officials of the War Department that he
will ask advice before taking fln^T action,:
No instructions nor advice have yef been
sent him and the question of the best
course to pursue, wi:! be the subject of
discussion at the meeting: of the Cabinet
to-morrow. . . '
It can be said on the authority of a'
member of the Cabinet, however, tnat
neither the President: nor Secretary Root
is disposed to treat General Aguinaldo
with any more severity than the situation
In the Philippines domands. He referred
to the general amn-.-sty that had been pro
claimed for all. who. would take the oath
of allegiance to the United States and
who had not been guilty of acts contrary
to the rules of civilized warfare, as in
dicating the purpose of the administration
not to inflict punishment on those who
had participated in the insurrection. ¦
He. intimated that It might be possible
that Aguinaldo would be. speedily released .
if he. In good faith: fulfilled his promise
to General MacArthur of issuing an ad
dress advising a general surrender and
acceptance of American supremacy.
If he would work to this end it was re
garded as possible that he rajght even be
permitted to reside In Manila, and about
the harshest treatment suggested was
that he might be sent to Guam and com
pelled to reside there until such time as
the Philippines has been completely paci
fied and all danger of a revival of the In
surrection passed.
Although General Agulnaldo has not
participated in pers.-.n In any of the recent
conflicts between the insurgents and tho
American troops and although his autfior
ity over the natives has not for some timo
been as complete as at the outbreak of
th« insurrection, the officials of the ad
ministration believe that his capture will
go far toward bringing armed resistance
to an end. It is believed that the capture
of Aguinaldo, who was regarded by jnany
of the natives as being under the protec
tion of some supernatural force, following
upon the aggressive operations of the
army against the Insurgents wherever,
they can be found, will have the effect of
convincing the inhabitants of the- Islands
of the futility of further resistance.
If Aguinaldo now follows this up with
an effort made In good faith to convince
his followers that It Is to their; interest
to accept amnesty :t is believed there will
be little more serious trouble in the isl
ands.
promotion* of VTJur&ionr.
Begular Army Men Who Oppose the
. Kansas Hero Becoming a • -'
¦-" Brigadier. - , ;;
WASHINGTON, March 28.— Brigadier
General Funston Is as much of ay>hlte
elephant" on the hands of the War De
partment 3* is Emlllo Agulnaldo. In fact,
it is not so, much a question of what
shall be done with General Agulnaldo as
what shall be done for General- Funstori".
Major General MacArthur's recommenda
tion that the Kansan be made a brigadier
general, backed up by the sentiment of
the country that a reward' should;be giv
en to him commensurate with the Import
ance fit his act and gallantry that attend
ed its performance, . will undoubtedly re
sult in his appointment to this rank in
the regular establishment.
It will be a pill that the regular army,
or at least a greater number of that por
tion stationed in Washington, will not
swallow without a wry faoe. If General
Funston is made a brigadier, general, the
farseeingr understand that by reason of
his years he will become the senior major
general, and .will J>e, In. line for appoint-'
ment as ; lieutenant general.
"Anybody but Funston," was an ex
clamation that was frequently heard at
the War Department to-day.- "Why were
there not come regular- officers with the
detachment?" was another question as
frequently asked. . ¦ 7^
Whether put in circulation or not bv
persons disposed to belittle General Fun-
Eton's feat, the- report was current to-dav
that General Aguinaldo had been . bribed
to surrender, and in order that he might
not lose Influence; with the Filipinos it
was arranged that he should be c'ao
tured. -.,. -,. •-. --> av ¦
> The other volunteer officers who were
with General Funston are eligible for ap
pointment in tho regular establishment
and it is probable that the President and
Secretary Root wjll take, their names un
der consideration for Immediate appoint
ment.
Representative Long: of Kansas -was at
Secret Organizations of St. Petersburg Issue
Warning of Violence to Ministers of
the Interior and of War.
STUDENTS SEND DEATH
SENTENCES TO OFFICIALS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 29, 190
2
DEWEY DECLARES TROUBLE
MIGHT HAVE BEEN AVOIDED
To Prevent Pneumonia anbVGrip.V
Laxative Bromo-Qulnin« reindf e» thl cause. 1 ¦'_•
.". If^ You ; Have Dyspepsia
Send no money, but" •write' t>r.Sboop.Rac!ne.'VVJ£;
boxl37.rcr.Blx bottles of; Dr.Shoop's Restorative;
express paid. "- IX curetf.puy J5.C&-U aot,tt la tie**
>¦¦... II ' ¦I'lllM.l I I I. HI J I.I lOll. I III _
Our $130 Hat.
To the man who has worn our $1.30 hats we want to say tljat
we have them in some new colors and shapes: Derbys in-steel '^ 1
mixed, oak, oxford, umber, cedar, brown and black, each color in. . ~
six different, shapes: Fedoras, Graecos, Alpines, Golfs and Dunlaps
\: in pearl, 'blue pearl, otter, oxford, cedar, brown, Yale. Cambridge
' • r. and Eton, also black.'. . ;
To the man who has never worn our $1.30 hats. we want* to sar
that • they \ are equal to the usual ; $zoo hats; are union mad« and
.will Rive entire satisfaction even if. the price i« low.
This is our. most popular* hat. * ¦ .
• Out-of-town orders filled—write us.
718 Market Street. =1/F. B. SPG — An act to amend an art entitled
"An act to amend an -act entitled 'An act to
?mend en act entitled "An act to amend sec
tion 6 of an act entitled *Xn act concernlnn
ttie m-ater front of the city and county cf San
FrancfFco.' approved .March 15. 187S. and to
f-onfer further powers upon the Board of State
K. B. S32— An act concerning coRflrminR and
ratifying lease* and other contract* made by
cny officer or boards of officers of this State.
P. n. SS3— An act to emend section 2514 of the
political Obde of the State of California.
F. P. 2^6 — An act to authorise and empower
the Board if State Harbor Commissioners to
ray the claim of nateman Eroe. for work per
formed in the construction of the union depot
rnd fprry hou?e in the city and county of Ean
Francisco.
fi. B. S78— An a.ct fixing and defining- a
ir'ner's inch of water.
f 5 B. ZZ2 — An act to provide for prosecuting
RttOTT.evs of Police Courts ln cities of the
wcond "clans and regulating the compensation
-of such officers.
P. n. 222— An act to authorize and empower
t!i<» Board of State Harbor Commissioners to
pry the claim of William Cronan for work
¦frTormed ln the construction of the union
»>pot and ferry house in the city and county of
Han Francisco.
P. B. SCI— An act to add two new sections to
the PolSticst Code to be numbered 3SC5A and
**CCB to re-enact section 2SCJ of eaid code, to
«men'd sections 3GS2. 3€HS. 3747. 3730. 2804. C805.
»1T. 3S22. SS25. SSS1. and 3SS4 of said code, and
to TfDea.1 section 3640 of Bald code, all relating
to the revenue and taxes of this State, and fix-
Ing the time within which claims for refunds
of tcxes rrrust be tna<Je.
6. B. 13— An act to amend sections three.
.C\e, Btx and tea of an act entitled "An act
to provide for the organization and govern
ment of drainage districts, for the drainage
of agricultural lands other than swamp and
overflowed lands." approved March 31. 1897.
S B. 15 — An act to provide for the erection
of a modern hospital building for the Veter
ans' Home, located at Tountvllle. Xapa Coun
ty. State of California, and appropriating
money therefor.
6. B. Ei in act making an appropriation
to the directors of the California State Agri
cultural Society for the purpose of paylntr
certain indebtedness, claims and demands
against said society.
S. B. S2— An act to provide for the main
tenance find support, in certain cases, of in
digent. Incompetent and Incapacitated persons
<oth«r than persons adjudged insane and con
fined within State hospitals), becoming a pub
lic charje u^cn the counties or cities and
counties within the State of California, and
for the payment thereof into a fund for the
maintenance and support of such persons.
S. B. 108— An art empowering boards of su
pervisors of any of the eeveral counties of the
Stale .cf California to levy a special tax for
th«» purpose of displaying- the products and
industries of any county In the State af do
mestic or foreign expositions, for the purpose
of encouraging immigration and Increasing
trade in the products of the State.
K. B. 110— An act to provide for the estab
lishment and maintenance of public libraries
¦within municipalities. .' '
5. B. US— An act to pay the claim of Major
Jose Ramon Pico and making an appropria
fion therefor.
S B 120 — An act to amend section sixteen
of an act entitled "An act to provide for the
formation government, operation and disso
lution of sanitary districts, in any part of the
State, for the construction of wners and other
sanitary purposes: the acquisition of property
thereby; the calling and conducting of elec
tions in such district?: the assessment, levy,
collection, custodv and disbursement of Uses
i herein; the issuance and disposal of the
bondr thereof, and the defnr.'.nation of their
validity, and making provisions for the pay
ment of «=uch bonds, and the dispopal of the.r
proceeds." apr-roved March 21 1891.
S B 1?!, Tyrrell of Nevada— An act to
change and permanently locate the boundary
line between the counties of Butte and «u
"T'B. 143- An act to divide the State Into
Congressional districts and provide for the
eleciion of members cf the House of Repre
sentatives of the United States therein.
S n 113 — An act mating an appropriation
to pay' the deficiency In the appropriation for
po*tace expressage and contingent expenses
S the 'Attorney General for the fifty-second
13 b 170 \n act to amenfl an act entitled
"An fuh- to authorise the Board of Supervisors
or other governing authority of the several
counties cities and counties, cities and towns
rf the State to provide pensions or benefits
for th«' relief of aged, infirm or disabled 2re
m-n." approved March 11. 1SS9.
Committee substitute for S. B. M»-An act
tf> amend section eleven of an act entitled
"An act to define the boundary, provide for
the c*re strengthening and repairing of the
lovee and for the payment of the Indebted
ness of levee district number one of Sutter
County," approved March m. 1S74.
S B. CIS— An ect to amend section E74 of the
Civil Code, relating to savings and loan cor
rorations. m .
S B. An act to amend sectiqp SjO of the
Oxie of Civil Procedure.
S B. :<*— An act to amend section TS1 of the
Political Code of the State of California, relat
ing to the appointment and commissioning of
Notaries Public for the eeveral counties of the
ftate of California.
£ B CS5— An act tn amend sections 4. S and 8
of an act approved March Z9. 1S9T. entitled "An
act to amersfl an act approved March 26. 1S95.
*-ntltled "An act to create and administer a
public school teachers' annuity «*»d retirement
fund In the several counties and cities and
counties In ti-.s State.' "
6. B. fSS— An «ct to amend section 17? of the
Civil Code of the State of California, relating
to the management and control of community
! r « k S>9— An act making an appropriation to
ray the claim of A. I. McSorley for costs of
suit In foreclosing suit against delinquent pur
thesers 'fit State school lands.
<; B 304 An act to pay the claim of Charles
F/'wells against the State of California and
making an appropriation therefor.
S. B. 31>— An act to insure the better educa
tion of rractitioners of dental surgery and to
regulate the practice of dentistry in the State
of California, providing penalties for the viola
tion thereof and to repeal an act now In force
relating to the same and known as "An act to
Insure the better education of practitioners of
dental surgery and to regulate the practice of
rientlstry in the State of California, approved
March U. 1SS5."
S. B. zn— An act relating to estrays, providing
•for taking them up and giving a lien on them
fcr all damages, costs and expenses incurred
by reason of taking them up. and repealing all
other acts and Darts of acts now In force re-
Senate Bills.
SACRAMENTO, March 28.-When the
X<e£lElature adjourned tl2 bills were left
in ihe hands of the Governor for "his ap
proval or rejection. On the 25th of March
he filed Assembly bills 111 and 569 with his
approval. To-night Just before 12 o'clock
ho handed In to the Secretary of State 111
more, making a total of 113, or more than,
half the number left in his hands by the
adjourning Legislature.
Following Is the list of Senate and As
sembly bills approved to-night, including
the two Assembly measures filed a few
days ago:
Harbor Commissioners," approved March 17,
1SS0.' approved March 19. 1S89, conferring fur
ther powers upon the said board," approved
March 26. 18S5.
S. B. C93-An act adding a new section to
the Penal Code to be numbered and desig
nated as section 274H. relating to discharging
or depositing coal tar and similar products ln
eny of the navigable waters of the State.
S. B. 40S— An act to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide for the burial of ex-Union
scldlers. sailors and marines ln this State who
may hereafter die without leaving sufficient
means to defray burial expenses,' approved
March 15, 1SS9. and to extend the operation of
said act to all honorably discharged soldiers,
rallors and marines who nerved In the arm)'
and navy or the United States.
S. B. 427— An act to regulate the employment,
hcurs of labor, etc.. of children, and to pro
hibit the emi*oyment of minors under a cer-
S B 430— An act to amend section 6S5 of the
Political Code, relating to the Board of Ex
aminers, and providing for the appointment of
clerks of said board.
y H. 4*4 \n act to amend, an act entitled
"An act to provide for i the proper sanitary
condition of factories and workshops and the
preservation of the health of the employes,"
erproved February 6, 1SS9.
8 B. 447— An ect to divide the State into
legislative districts and to provide for the
election of Senators and Assemblymen therein.
S. B. 451— An act for the payment of the fees
due to trial Jurors who have served as such
ln the Superior Court of any county or city
and county of this State under the act ot
1S95.
S. B. <GS— An act to amend section 110 of the
Code of Civil Procedure of the State of Cali
fornia.
S. B. 470 — An act to establish police courts
In cities of the second class, to fix their Juris
diction and provide for officers ot said courts,
and fix the compensation of certain officers
thereof.
S. B. 477 — An act to amend section 4a5 of the
Penal Code of the State of California relating
to the punishment of arson.
S. B. 478— An act to provide for the marking
or branding of boxes or barrels containing
citrus fruits for shipment, and fixing a penalty
for the violation thereof, and for the appoint
ment of an Inspector under its provisions.
S. B. 53S— An act to provide for the payment
of Judgments against counties, cities, cities
and counties, and towns.
S. B. 64S — An act to amend section 26J3 of
the Political Code relating to duties of Su
pervisors respecting roads.
S. B. CS4— An art to amend the Penal Code
of the State of California by adding* a new
section thereto, to be numbered and known as
S. B. 65J— An act to provide for removing
obstructions In Pitt River, above the mouth
of Hat Creek, eo as to enable salmon to reach
the spawning grounds on the upper waters of
said river and Its tributaries, and makius an
appropriation therefor.
S. B. 561— An act to prevent tampering with
animals and to prevent the giving or admin
istering of poison or drugs to horses, cattle,
dogs, animals and other livestock, except for
medicinal purposes, and making the tame a
misdemeanor.
S. B. D62— An act entitled an act to amend
"An act to provide for the organization and
government of irrigation districts and to pro-^
vide for the acquisition or construction there
by of works for the irrigation of the lands
embraced within cuch districts, and also to
provide for the distribution of water for irri
gation purposes," approved March 31. 1897, and
to add a. new section thereto, enlarging the
powers of boards of directors of such districts.
5. B. 563— An act to amend section 2712 of the
Political Code relating to the construction,
maintenance and repairs of bridges and tun
nels or the purchase of toll roads.
6. B. 571— An act empowering and authorlzlrg
the Board of State Harbor Commissioners to
Insure against loss or damage by fire the prop
erty of the State of California located on the
water front at San Francisco. Oal.
S. B. ESI — An act to create a Stale Board of
Accountancy and prescribe Its duties and pow
ers; to provide for the examination of and
issuance of certificates to qualified applicants,
with the desljnation of certified public ac
countant, and to provide the grade of penalty
for violations of the provisions hereof.
S. B. E97 — An act to provide for sinking an
artesian well on the grounds of the Agnews
State Hospital and making an appropriation
therefor.
S. B. €06— An act making an appropriation to
pay expenses incurred at the State forestry
station at Cfcteo, Cal.
S. B. 615— An act to provide for restoration
to capacity of persons adjudged to be Insane,
who have no guardians and who are not con
fined at State hospitals for the Insane.
S. B. 634 — An act making an appropriation to
pay the expanses of legislative printing for
the thirty-fourth session. *»>• •
S. B. C40— An act to add a new section to
the Civil Code of the State of California, to be
known as section 2737, relating to fire Insur
ance companies.
S. B. €30— An act to amend an act entitled
"An act to establish a uniform system of
counts* and township governments." approved
Aprif*l. 1S97. by amending certain sections,
thereof, repealing certain other 6ectlons, and
adding certain sections thereto.
S. B. 654— An act to authorize and empower
the board of managers of the Southern Cali
fornia State Hospital for the Insane, near the
citv of Ean Bernadlno, San Bernadlno County,
to "sell and convey a strip or parcel of land
situate ln San Bernardino County, in the State
of California, and belonging to said State, to
the San Pedro, Los Angeles and Salt Lake
Railroad Company, for the purposes of a
right-of-way for a steam railroad thereon.
S. B. C37— An act to amend section 1 of an
act entltled • "An act to authorize, empower,
and direct the California home for the care
and training of feeble-minded children to ad
mit Idiots, epileptics, end mentally enfeebled
paralytics Into said Institution ;• to provide for
the support of all Inmates therein, and to re
peal all a^ts, or parts of acts, ln conflict with
the provisions of this act," approved March
31. 1857.
S. B. KS-An act to authorize and empow-r
the trustees of the State Normal School at
San Jose to reconvey to the city of San Jose
a parcel of land situate in said city and be
longing to the State of California, to the said
city of San Jose", for the purpose of erectln-r
and maintaining a free public library upon
cild parcel of land.
S. B. £.?— An act making additional appro
priation to provide for certain improremenls
and repairs at the State Normal School at
Los Angeles.
S. B. 6C0— An act authorizing Boards of
Supervisors or other governing bodies of
municipalities to declare holidays.
S. B. 6£2— An act authorizing suits against
the State on claims or demands arising under
an act of the Legislature entitled. "An act
fixing a bounty on coyote scalps." approved
March 31, 1S31. and regulating the procedure
therein.
6. B. 669— To prohibit the removal of any
city official who has taken the oath of office
and in effect nullifies the civil service law and
prevents the appointment of anv more em
ployes from the eligible list ln place of men
already ln positions.
Assembly Bills.
A. B. 23— Committee substitute for an act to
add three new sections to the Code of Civil
Procedure, relating to the determination cf
adverse claims to real property.
A. B. 49 — An act to permanently locate the
boundary line between the counties of Shasta
and Plumas.
A. B. 61— An act to add a new section to the
Political Code, to be known aa section 1891.
A. B. 77 — An act to amend section 1136 of the
Penal Code.
A. B. 83— An act to recure to native-born and
naturalized citizens of the United ; States the
exclusive right to be employed in any depart
ment of the State, county, city and county or
Incorporated city -or town government ln this
State. < •
A. B. 109— An act to amend sections 11S6, 1187
asd lift of the Political Code of the State of
California, relating to political conventions,
nominations and. political committees.
A. B. 19&— An act to appropriate $21,000 for
the purchase of additional lands for the use
of the Mendodno State Hospital: to purchase
sewer pipe to conduct the sewerage of said
hospital to the said additional lands: to pur
chase dairy cows for the use of said hospi
tal.
A. B. 21S— An act to pay the claim of C. B.
Llghtfoot against the State of California, and
making an appropriation therefor.
A. B. 233 — An act making an appropriation
to pay the expenses incurred for th» funeral
of the late Lieutenant Hartley R. Hodgson,
N. G. C. s
A. B. 2M-rAn act making an appropriation
for repairs and Improvements at the Woman's
Relief Corps Home (located at Evergreen.
Santa Clara County) for ex-armv nurses and
indigent widows, wives, mothers and depend
ent daughters and sisters of Union veterans
who served honorably In the Civil war.
A. B. 253— An act making an appropriation
to pay the deficiency in the adult blind fund
and directing the controller and treasurer to
transfer the amount herein appropriated from
the general fund to said adult blind fund.
A. B. 267— An act appropriating money for
the maintenance and improvement of the
water system at the Preston School of Indus
try, including the construction of a settling
reservoir.
A. B. 272— An act making an appropriation
for the erection of a workshop at the home
of the "Industrial Home of Mechanical Trades
for the Adult Blind."
A. B. 292— An act to provide for the pay
ment of P. w. ' Fort>es for costs of suit in
foreclosing dellnouent purchasers of ; State
school lands, and making an appropriation
therefor.
A. B. 260— An act to amend the Penal Code
by adding a • new section thereto, to be num
bered section 288. relating to crimes against
children. "WIMW nffl •
A. . B. ¦ 261— An act to amend the Penal Code
by adding a new «eetion to title- 15 thereof.
to be known as section 637A. for the protection
of meadow. larks. . ¦
A. B. SO— An act amending' section 764 of an
act entltled "An act to provide for the or
ganization, - Incorporation and . government* of
municipal - corporations," approved * March II,
A. B. 8S1— An act "to amend' section 3713 of
the Political Code, relating to the levy of
taxes.
A, B. 875— An act making an appropriation
for the support or the government of the State
of California for the fifty-third and fifty-fourth
A. B. 8£9— An act to amend . section 490 of
th" Civil Code, relating to railroad fares and
ticket*. /•
A. B. SZ6 — An act making an appropriation
to pay the deficiency ln the appropriation for
the support and maintenance of the Veterans'
Hcme of California for the remainder of the
fifty-second fiscal year.
¦ A. B. 826^-An act to establish the boundary
line between the county of Humboldt and the
counties of Del Norta and Slskl you.
A. B. 815— An act to add a new section to the
act entitled an act to establish a uniform sys
tem of county and township governments, ap
proved April 1, 1S97. which -new section shall
be designated 214V4: being a section - creating
the office of matron of the county Jail In and
for the counties of the first, second, third and
fourth class**, defining the duties and powers
and flxlne the term of office and compensa
tion of, and providing for the appointment of,
and the giving of official bond by,' such mat
ron. *
?• " 93 - An act to amend the . Political
Code by repealing sections thirteen hundred
and fifty-seven to thirteen hundred and elehtv
thereof, both inclusive, and by adding certain
new sections to said code ln lieu of said sec
tions so repealed, to be numbered consecutive
ly, thirteen hundred and fifty-seven, thirteen
hundred and fifty-eight, thirteen hundred and
fifty-nine: thirteen hundred and sixty thir
teen hundred and sixty-one, thirteen hundred
and sixty-two, thirteen hundred and sixty
three, thirteen hundred and sixty-four, thir
teen hundred and sixty-live, thirteen hundred
and slxty-slx. thirteen hundred and sixty
seven, thirteen hundred and sixty-eight thir
teen hundred and si sty-nine, thirteen hundred
and seventy, thirteen hundred and seventy
one, thirteen hundrd and seventy-two, thir
teen hundred and seventy-three, thirteen hun
dred and seventy-four. • thirteen hundred and
seventy-five, concerning primary elections. -
A. B. 812— An act to amend sections 1912, 1917,
1?18. 1920. 1936. 1939. 1D4S. 1962. 1982, 1984, 1985
Mi 6, 2077, 2094: to repeal sections 1981. 1953
WSff. 1992. 2032. and to add a new section, to
be known and numbered as section 1973a. all
of and to the Political Code of the State of
California, relatlrg to the National Guard.
A. B. 814— An act creating the office of
matron of the Jail or prison in and I for cities
and towns of the first, first and a half, sec
ond and third classes, wherein official matrons
or their duties are net now provided for by
law, defining the duties and powens and fixing'
the term, of office and compensation of, and
providing for the appointment of. and the giv
ing of official bond by nich matron.
A. B. 761— An act to provide for the appoint
ment of policemen, with the powers of peace
officers, to serve upon the premises, cars or
boats of railroad and steamship companies.
A. B. 766 — An act to amend section sixteen
hundred and sixty-five and section sixteen hun
dred and *ixty-slx of the Political Code of the
State of California, relating to the course of
¦Judy for the public schools of this State
A. B: 7S3— An act making an appropriation to
pay the claim of Theo A. Bell, district attor
ney of Napa County. California, for moneys
expended ln behalf of the State of California
for foreclosing State school lands in Napa
County. State of California.
A. B. 706— An act to amend sections 1503, 1521.
1*53. 1770. 1771. 1772. 1775. 1787. 17S3. 1789. 1790.
1791. 17S2 and 1793 of the Political Code of the
State of California relating to public schools.
A. B. 737— An act making an appropriation of
$2500, to be used by the Beard of Managers of
the Stockton State Hn—Mtal at Stockton, to
repair the boilers of the engine room of the
male department of the State Hospital at the
city of Stockton, county of San Joaquln, State
of California.
A. B. 740— An act to regulate the practice of
architecture.
A. B. 754 — An act to add a new section to the
Political Code, to be known as section 2647 of
the Political Code, relating to the duties and
powers o£ Boards of Supervisors respecting
roads.
A. B. 690— An act. making- an appropriation
to pay the deficiency ln the appropriation for
postage and contingent expenses of the clerk
of the Supreme Court for the fiftieth fiscal
year.
A. B. 669— An act limiting the hours of daily
service of laborers, workmen and mechanics
employed uoon the public works of, or work
done for, the State of California, or any poli
tical subdivision thereof; providing for the In
sertion of certain stipulations ln contracts for
public works: imposing penalties for violations
of the provisions of this act and providing for
enforcement thereof. •
A. B. 62*-An act to amend sections C26. 627
and 631 of the Penal Code of the State of Cali
fornia, to add seventeen new sections to said
code to be- numbered 626a, 626b. 626c, 626d,- 626e,
626f, 62Cg. 62Ch, 6261. 626J, 626k, 6261, 626m, 627a,
627b, 62la and 631b, all relating to the pre
servation of game, and to create a game pre
servation fund, and to appropriate the moneys
A. B. C06 — An act making an appropriation 'or
the payment of salaries of additional - clerks
ln the office of th« secretary of the Board of
Examiners for the balance of the flfty-cecoiid
fiscal year. /
A. B. 615— An act to provide for the erection
of water towers and tanks on the erounds of
the Agnews Stato Hospital and appropriating
money therefor.
A. B. 6S3— An act to add a new section to
the Political Code, to be known as section
177S. relating to the granting and Issuance of
permanent certificates to trach in the several
counties and cities and counties ln the State.
A. B. 599— An act to amend section 353 of
the Civil Code relating to - organization and
continuance of business o£ corporations.
A. B. C03— An act making an appropriation of
J.oO to pay a deficiency ln the appropriation for
costs and expenses of salts in which the State
Is a part" ln Interest. I
A. B. £61— An act to amend section 2631 of
the Political Code, relating to a general road
fund. . ., «# . ; •
A. B. S79— An act to amend section 1192 of
the Political Code relating to elections.
A. B. 447— An act making: an - appropriation
to pay claims for conveying children to the
Home for Feeble-minded Children at Eldridge.
A. B. 449— An act to amend the Code of Civil
Procedure by adding a new section thereto, to
be numbered 1183%. relating to mechanics'
lic-ns. and regulating the provisions to be con
tained ln building contracts.
«v A " J?" 436 — An act to add a new section' to
the Political Code of the State of California,
to be known as section 8365. relating to the
powers of boards of supervisors, city councils
and town trustees in their respective counties,
cities and towns, and to Impose a license. tax.
A. B. 472— An act to provide for certain-im
provements In the Yosemlte Valley and making
an appropriation therefor.
&£" ?• S33 ~ An act to "nend sections 612 and
S. i? a .? t entltled "An, act to establish a
I T Code . approved Ma*fch 21. 1872.
a. b 426— An act making an appropriation
o pay the claim of William J. Elder for rent
or room used by the commissioners for the re
vision and reform of the law, at the Stata
? £ ru^;.u I( i tel> ln the clty of Sacramento, from
the l'th^day of January. 1S96. to the 19th day
of March. 1899.
.. A * B - <3 *— An act to amend an act entitled
An act to provide for the appointment, duties
and compensation of a debris commissioner,
end to make an appropriation to be expended
under his direction in the discharge of his
Sj co M BUcn conimissloner," approved March
1SSS, relating to the powers of boards of'trus
tees of cities of the fifth claas.
t . A-'JP-,, S86— An act to amend section- 236 of
the Civil Code, relating to tha filing of articles
cf incorporation.
: ELL.EN8BURQ. . W^ash., ¦ March ¦ 28.— A,"
gold nugget worth $1100 has been found In
the Henton McCauley mine in Swauk dis
trict.-The-' nugget': will probably; be ; ex
hibited at the Buffalo Exhibition. ;
RENO, Nev.. March 28.— A Spanish
sheepherder named Elmo Soso, from Kern
County, en l route : to : %Winnemucca, shot
his companion, a. half -breed sheepherder,
In the stomach this evening. Soso i was
arrested. . The injured man . will probably
die. The shooting . was the result ; of : a
quarrel. ¦¦\¥$ttBtttU&WBKBHB3BnmKmM
Immense 2Tugget in . Washington.
Sheepherder Shoots Companion.
Colonel Hayne took an active part in
California politics until ten years ag^>,
when he retired to the quiet of his Mon
teclto home. His surviving family ;., are
Judge Robert T.' Hayne and Stephen D.
Hayne of San,Mateo; Brewton E> Hayne/
City Attorney of Berkeley; William -Al
ston Jr, of San Francisco. Benjamin S. -
Hayne of Santa Barbara and ' Colonel A-
Perry Hayne of Manila, formerly a mem
ber of the faculty of the University of
California, and ; Mrs." . Hayne, . the ; widow.
SANTA BARBARA. March 28.— Colonel
¦William Alton Hayne died at his ; resi
dence In Monteclto to-day, aged 79 years.
He was a native of South Carolina and a
son of General ¦ Robert Y. Hayne, who
participated in the celebrated debate with
Webster. He gained a reputation as- a
lawyer and statesman In his native State.
He came to the Pacific Coast in 1867, set
tllns in Monteclto the followlngr year, and
¦was the first .white man in the valley.' :/'
County, Whose Father Debated
With Webster, Bead.;:
Prominent Resident of Santa Barbara
EON OP FAMOUS HAYHTE
DIES AT M0NTECIT0
One Hundred and Thirteen Measures Left Over by
the Legislature Receive Signatures.
GOVERNOR GAGE APPROVES
MORE THAN HALF THE BILLS
THE SAST-". FRANCISCO v CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 29, 1901.
3
AJOVEBTISEMENTS.
Tli© b«?st health habit to get Into is to
have and keep a vigorous stomach; If you
have a healthy digestion you can drink
your beloved coffee, smoke your favorite
brand cf tobacco, with little or no harm;
the mischief begins when, these things are
forced upon the faithful stomach without
any assistance.
F"orm the habit of taking: after meals
ronae harmless but efficient digestive*
xv-hlch will relieve the stomach of 60 much
extra work. .
rCa-ture furnishes us with euch digestives
end wtien they are combined ln such a
pleasar.t preparation as Stuart's Dytpep-
pla Tablets they give the overworked
stomach Just th<» necessary assistance to
»«ecure perfect digestion without any of
t he haricf ul effects of cathartics and sim-
ilar drugs.
The habit of talcing Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets after meals is as necessary to the
•weak rtotnach am food Itself, and indeed
to get tho benefit from food eaten nothing
better and certainly nothing eafer can be
' Ma'nv families corsider Stuart's Tablets
as essential In the house as knives and
They consist entirely of natural digest-
ive principles without the effect or char-
-Ecterlst!es of drugs; they have no cathar-
tic action, but efmply go to work on the
food eaten and digest it. »
Take Into account your bad habits and
the expense they entail and then Invest
flfty cents in a box of Stuart's Dynpepsia.
Tcbleta and see if your digestion for th»
next month is not vastly improved.
Ask the cleric In any drug store the
r.am« of the most successful and popular
ttomach remedy and, he .will say Stuart'*.
Then why not form a pood habit, a habit
which will counteract the many bad ones?
In othfr words, contract the unfashion-
able habit of b«ing always well.
TT« fto not deliberately form our pet
ha-b'ts. but they are unconsciously ac-
quired cr.d grow as we prow, and by th«
time we learn they are hurting: us we Qnd
them too strong to be easily broken. ¦
Just as Easy to Form as Any Other.
THE HEALTH HABIT.
./ADVERTISEMENTS.
Union=made clothing means
well=made clothing 1
J^^^^) ment that every man should wear
£f*25SB?5§j?H? 1UI 1 1 1 ldvlv^ ClULllCOf ULJC It IS XU 1115 x g^JT^ S%S8Bt§^
A. 1 ¦ ciotnin^ is made in clean, n^nt, airy c^^^-syi
- workshops, where regula- >Zr**i^^bk t
/rrTSw'kH^PM tions are strict and the workmen /l^m!^MMWi^'W^\
A\fh^&H\ % mMwUk are the most expert in the world. M^W^WwK^mli
I I iMiiti I I Sft- Their skin and abilit y figures in the MMM^mmmM
f\\\t fm\% Bill h making.of the clothes-the cutting, M§M\ SfflH f
I\ I I|| i | |i|| 1\ sewing and finishing are excellent >P^^
\tl 'J I! iilll Hr the onl y union-made garments on IRMBSa
HI P r ipP^ e P ac 'fi c Coast. We have our i|lp*» arraflil
T iff I 111! own worksho P 5 and employ union ll^&^f *| ?^iul3
I I -I ||||- labor. When you buy here you li|^f*lw^lv^P^^mlfli^
I ill I IWlP buy unioq-made clothes and buy wllili^H'
SJMl^ direct from the makers. We save TOiiW^n^MOT
(^WlilHil you a11 the ' middlemen 's profits. flllllBf
1111™ \illili s sav ' n g alone more than pays U^^H\) iS^lnl ul\^lli^^9 -
II I | j wl for the extra amount in wages that lliwlilfffl
III if * I Sill union men demand over poor labor. WllllllSiiiM
If II 1111 Although our clothing is union- \lfiilfllill
III | 1 II • made our prices are the lowest, as \ w 11111
Illl 1 II any one can demonstrate who buys \Iillill
II f ill awaits the inspection of any man Ji ill]
I js^p^^^^^w^^ est P r^ ces a^ which it is possible to ill/ J^^
gi££f0i*z -afcfljBj sell them. 1 he assortment reorG— 6^
sents every style of garment in SS^
" fa^ 1 *^ 0 '^^"^;" 1^ suits or overcoats in almost every r a^| w ,^^ w . < , i ¦£
?|I2^^^Sfi| pattern that, has been brought out liSlfi^^^iilll
iiSSS^^HEli this season. We mention below a 1 1 M?S^^7p^ it
• Fr ' ; - •: • • ;• •-^'.-'•¦inWi, few of our most popular values. '-• ,_ -f
Among our most popular sack suits are some in- At $10.00 you will, find an elegant assortment- Of
digo blue serges at $7. i;o. The blue is the newest round-cornered sack suits in steel gray and olive clay-
shade and is absolutely fast color ; first-class farmer worsteds— fine, smooth, pure woolen goods that are
satin trimmings are used; every seam is stoutly . neat and dressy.
sewed with ;silk; coat comes in single-breasted n At the same price we also show, about twenty
and the vest in the high-cut, six-button style, all Patterns of tweeds in the swellest of checks and
«.;'<.. nr ; r p stripes. Th*se suits are proving to be very popular, ,
v - especially as the price 15 but
$7.50 $10.00
At this price we -also have some all-wool tweeds In the Allsizes— we can fit the tall or the short, the slim or the^stout.
latest shades of checks and stripes. The styles are single and Every garment bears our label — "Yeargood." You know
double breasted square-cut and round-cornered sack suits. what it means.
Values in our children's clothing
jggfa* This department abounds in values in children's, boys' and -^gH^
£^tl* youths' clothing, hats and furnishings. We are making special ftiwkrt**^
W^%} efforts to have this store recognized as a store for boys as well as tf|!^«^ 1
\?^y men. Mothers will find the prices low, service good and the depart-
Boys' two-piece suits made of all-wool material, ages 7 to 1; " f^^^^j^^^T
Mt/iffi^ Iff 'IB^^MMfflft vears » P ant<:; have double seat and knees and the 'coat is well made, u}i. ]j^S^<J^ 8
iPfflllw^ having good linings and trimmings ; buttons are well sewed, on ; yf &7y\!j~£ I
MillffiKlffWlPifiPI tf^ e wno:e suit made to withstand rough wear ; price- "^gs&tilf* i
Boys' wash suits in the Russian blouse and Cossack styles, (fJi> \1 1 \
Srv^lf'liwSS ages from -^ to 6 : suits come in different patterns and the colors are 1 >
Ifi -ll ' ' LI-..., 45c, 70c, 95c and upwards, Jifiiii
Igga ml Boys' negligee shirts in spring patterns of ail colors, 50c. win')
wE Boys' neckties in bows, tecks, four-in-hands and imperials, . »» Sm^
'¦f'M^fe i!L Boys'^traw hats, all shapes and style?, 25c,' 45c, 75c. , IH-^ills^
'ifr^^^rek x Boys' washable sailors, with separable bands to allow wash- &&</ '/^ J
See our windows. ¦- ¦«^ -«• --~m A - f^V ¦ ¦'¦^tk ''"•¦ i^^ r . (Jut- of -town orders
Yow will always find GsmL. T%\ %#&/¦ li IB & Jfef fl §\ filled for
them interesting. # f^L WV1 WW 91 W I%1 fl II anything in
Note \*J / ?* fr^^* -*f Jrl men's or hoys'
. ., particularly ¦ - ..'*" « ' . \ *?¦ , /j^^" clothes,
the exceptional -prices. 718 MflPkGt StPCCt furnishings or hats.v -Playing: cards, -poker, chips, "crib-bonrd*.
dice and taL'y cards. % Tho very bcBt as
sortment and; the lowest prices. • For 'wile
in s leather . goods i\ department.- - Bunborn,
\ail & Co.. ,iil Market sttnu.- ?
;'l l:m *. ¦ ¦ '- ' i- > - i» ¦ ' *S ¦ i - - *
Delegates Selected in Napa.
k CALISTOOA, March ¦ 2S.— Napa County
will bo represented this year at the Gmnd
Parlor of.theNntive Sons of ;th«aolJ»n
West at Santa- Bar-bam -by; the following
delegates : : St. Helena Parlor ) No. 63. u ».
rnarck Bruck and Joseph Oulewsky; Nupa
Parlor No 62,, John ¦ T..- York ; mid .jfcnVv
Hoornlejj Callstogft Parlor No.. 86, C. A.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo.. March
28.— A rtport reached here to-day that. an
immense flow of oil had- been struck'on
the Sitllngton ranch, south of this city,
in a , well that has been sunk to a depth
of 3000. feet. The excitement in this city
and Pueblo rivals the Cripple Creek gold
excitement of several years ago. 'Ninety
four location- certificates were filed her©
to-day- and many more are said to have
been filed at Pueblo. The locations cover
all tha unpatented land In .the ; Fountain
Valley, covering a width of two miles nnrt
taking up the unoccupied ground for a
lineal distance of about fifteen' mile*. Lo
cations have also been filed on th« draws
running into the valley.;
Neighborhood.
Immense Flow Struck at 3OOO Feet
Causing ; Great Excitement in
OIL SPOUTING FREELY
NEAR COLORADO SPRINGS
Bakersfield Man Hurries an Agent
Into the Bluestone District
to Buy. Land.
, TACOMA, - March , 28.— The . Dawson
Dispatch says ! that John ' Hamil, : manager
ot Clarence Berry's properties. Nos.5 and
J5 El Dorado, came 'down from the. mines
on 'March IB to meet M. J. Spelacy of
Bakersfield. Oal., who arrived in over the
Ice this afternoon. '
Spelacy was supplied with a dog team
of five well trained malamuts by" Manager
Hamil and left for Nome the Bame after
noon. ¦ He goes as the representative -of
Clarence Berry and will purchase consid
erable mining* property in; the : Bluentone
district, about ninety miles from Nome.
He; has Instructions to rush, and expects
to reach Nome. before the ice breaks up In
the lower river.:. - .- - •
BERRY TO PURCHASE
MORE ALASKAN CLAIMS
Sacramento.'
SACRAMENTO, March 28.— The Wom
en's Home an! Foreign Mission Society
of the Sacramento presbytery opened its
annual meeting this morning at the Four
teenth-street Presbyterian Church. - To
day was devoted to home missions, and
the devotional service was conducted by
Mrs. J. A. Owens.' The nominating com
mittee for officers for the succeeding year
read a report as follows: '
President. Mrs. M. M. Harding of Sacra
irento; vice president, Mrs. E. E. Canneld of
Chico; recording secretary, Mrs. J. L. Kldd
cr Vacavllle; corresponding secretary, Mrs. J
A. Peterson of Red Bluff; secretary of litera
ture. Miss Clare Alger of Vacaville; secretary
of f reedmen, Mrs. G. N. Stlckney of Elk
Grove; Youne People's secretary. Miss J. B.
Miller of Sacramento; assistant Young Peo
ple's secretary, Miss Gertrude Bird of Sacra
mento; box secretary, ' Mrs. C. 8. Murdock of
CclUBa; treasurer, Mrs. D. "W. Gedney of Red
Kluff. . ' : )',i~-.
The secretary was instructed to cast one
ballot for those nominated and they were
declared elected. • ' >*.'-
Annual Meeting of the Presbyterian
Organization Held at
SOCIETY OF MISSIONS
NAMES ITS OFFICERS
of Weeks.
VANCOUVER, ' B. C," March 28.— The
Yukon River will break up much earlier
this year than last, according to advices
brought here to-day by the steamer; City
of Seattle. The winter .trail intq Dawson
is all breaking up and travel. is In very
bad condition, as evidenced by the fact
that the steamer to-day had not a single
passenger from Dawson. The Yukon 13
expected to begin to break in about ten
days, and it will be two or three weeks
before any navigation is attempted. The
weather is very mild at Skaguay and
Bennett, and a regular flood is expected
whenthe snow begins to melt.
News was brought of an important find
of gold on Bear Creek, in the Porcupine
district. Pans as high as $4 have been
taken out. and $1 pans are frequent. The
property is mostly owned by Americans
and is turning out exceptionally rich.
VICIOUS BULL PAWS
A KEEPER TO DEATH
Washington Man Trampled, and Pre
vented by Asthma From Cry- *
ing Out to His Friends. ; v ¦
SEATTLE, Wash., March 28.— Fred
Dobledower of the Cowiche Creek,.Wash
ington, was killed by an infuriated' bull
this forenoon. The animal' trampled the
man under foot and gored him to death in
sight of those who could ' have rendered ,
assistance if they had known, he <¦ was in
danger. - . : . . " .
The bull was.'not regarded as dangerous
and had been staked to a post for feeding.
His keeper was a man about 40 years of
age and suffering from asthma so that he
could not call' out and be heard any dis
tance.' R. Ruttle, it Is. reported, was stand
ing a few yards, a way. when, the man was,
attackrj-J and knew nothing of the circum
stances until the animal had completely
pawed his victim to death.- A
Halibut Fleet • Break's Record*
TACOMA, March 1 28.— The - halibut • fleet
which has y just put in% at I Lower Sound
ports has broken the. record of eight years
for^ early catches. Eleven boats brought
In 200,000 pounds of halibut, most of which
will be cent East at once.
Ice in the River Is Expected to Break
Tip Within a Couple
YUKON WILL SOON
BE FREE FOR* BOATS
Army orders: Captain Matthew F.
Steele, Sixth Cavalry, upon muster out
as major of the Thirtieth Infantry, as
signed to replace Assistant Colonel Joce
lyn, chief mustering officer, San Fran
cisco. ' Major Henry | 8. Kilbburne, sur
geon, now in New York, is ordered to the
Presidio of San Francisco for duty.
Washington: Original — Edward D.
Phelps. Seattle, $G. Original widow — Lucy
Harmon, Chehalis, $8.
WASHINGTON, March .28.— The follow*
Ing postolfices have been established: Cal
ifornia—Hulflsh, El Dorado County, John
Darrington, Postmaster.
Discontinued since April 15: California—
West Riverside, mail to Riverside.
• Postmasters have been commissioned as
follows: California— Perkins, Laura A.
Perkins; Kramer, Mary L. Sutherland.
Oregon— Robert H. Robinson, Arlington;
Andrew B. Chartraw, Derby.
Appointed: Washington — Clark*; I^ong,
Paha, Adams County, vice Eunice E.
Jones, removed.
Pensions were issued to-day as follows:
California— Original — John P. Madden.
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $6; Fred
Grohe, Woodbridge, $8; George Wiggin
ton. Stockton, $C. War with Spain, orig
inal—William J. Egan. Ventura, $24; Al
bert J. Califf. San Francisco. $6; Surry R.
Jones, San Francisco, $6: Robert H. von
Schlick, San Francisco, $24.
Oregon: Original— Benjamin M. Brown,
Kent, $8. Additional— James Stephenson,
Pendleton. $8. Mexican war survivor —
William H. Brown, Salem, $8. • Increase-
John Whittle, ' Soldiers' Home, Rose
burg, $12. • , . ¦
Many New Pensions Are Issued and
Postofflce Appointments Made.
OF INTEBEST TO THE' COAST.
The Native Daughters of San Francisco
have appointed a committee that is pre
paring, at a cost of between $500 and #00.
a purely Californian souvenir which is to
be presented to President McKInley on the
Occasion of his visit to this city. The
souvenir is to be in the form of an al
bum, elegantly bound, having on the
cover a bunch of golden popples in solid
gold, emblematic of the State, and above
this, will be the beautiful emblem of tho
order, consisting of a shield resting on
crossed American and bear flags. In ad
dition there is to be an appropriate in
scription. " ; ? ¦ •
The album is to be made up of twelve
scenes of California, each painted bv a
different local artist. There will be one of
•San Francisco as seen on approaching
from the Oakland mole, a view of the mis
sions, a scene in Sonoma County showing
a wealth of wild flowers, a scene repre
senting the horticulture of the State, an
other the agriculture, another commerce
and others, tho designs of which have not
•yet been accepted.- :. It is the purpose of
the committee that has the matter in
charge to make this purely Californian
souvenir one of the most beautiful that
the distinguished visitor .will take away
with him as a memento of his visit to the
Golden State. ¦
CAI^FORNIAN* SOUVENIR
FOR THE PRESIDENT
An Elaborate Album Being Prepared
• by the Native Daughters.
The Oriental peculiarities of California
are to be represented in the parade by a
Chinese section. The. great dragon which
has been seen here, as well -as in other
cities on the coast, but will > be a new and
very interesting feature to the Eastern
visitors, will be brought here by the Chi
nese merchants. Consul Ho TTow will be
invited and his Influence asked to make
the Mongolian feature as attractive as
possible. Sports of the Japs and wrest
ling, boxing and running games and races
among the Orientals will be held on the
day devoted to sports.
.The city has resolved in regular form
to decorate the electric tower and arrange
for its illumination. A sufficient amount
of money has been appropriated and a
design is being made by the city engi
neer, embracing the use of forty-one
American flags and . nearly a thousand
electric lights. This arrangement, as well
as all decoration, public and private. Is
under the supervision of Decorator Mur
ray.
The Ohio Society has planned a float in
representation of the battleship Ohio to
be launched at San Francisco" May 18.
The kindergartens will have a floral piece
representing the cone, square and globe,
the' symbols* of the -school, drawn on a
miniature wagon by six Shetland ponies.
The Garden City Wheelmen will makran
animate American flag, using the bodies
of the members as material. A miniature
White House in sweet smelling white car
nations is the plan of one of the neigh
boring towns. A float .symbolical of pros
perity, another of horticulture, a prune
industry design, the national seal in red,
white, pink and yellow roses and blue vio
lets; allegorical floats- of education, peace,
war, and the whole gamut of Ideas, new
and old. will be called into play in the
seventy odd cars of blossoms which are
planned to show the chief executive of
the nation what San Jose's name, "Garden
City," signifies.
SAX JOSE, March 28.— Many brains are
busy with the plans for floats for the pa
rade at the Carnival of Roses. There are
already promised forty-two floats and it
is expected that fully thirty more will be
in the procession.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Gorgeous Floats Will Ap
pear at Santa Clara *
County s Carnival.
FRAGRANT CARS
FOR THE PARADE
brick. Large arches are to be used to
make the depot cool and shady in sum
mer. . "Work will be commenced at once.
President Hays is the author of this new
order of things. In traveling along the
line of the Southern Pacific' Railroad he
decided that the stations at the small
towns/were most of them unsightly, old
VALLEJO, March 23.— Anastasia Mur
phy, executrix of the estate of Charles
Murphy, deceased, has accepted $17,325 in
settlement of the claim of her late hus
band against the Government for service:*
and laoor performed in the building of the
Mare Island stone dock. The attorneys
who have been prosecuting the claim be
fore the Washington authorities received
J4S7S, which sum was deducted from the
amount allowed Mrs. Murphy. .
Mupphy, twenty years ago, had a con
tract to excavate for the foundation of
the dock, arid took out the first carload of
earth. He soon, commenced to use ex
plosives tq expedite the work, but was
stopped by ; the'-naval authorities, as blast
ing would in their opinion destroy a cost
ly cofferdam builtoutslde the gateway of
the dock.- Murphy claimed $100,000 dam
ages. He was offered J40.000, which he ra
fused.
Widow of Contractor Who
Started Mare Island
Work Settles.
UNCLE SAM PAYS
DRYDOCK CLAIM
THE Southern Pacific will erect a
fine new. dcDot at Redwood City
to replace the present old struc
ture. The buildins will be of a
• graceful design and pleasing to the
eye. The roof .will be laid with tiling sim
ilar to the old mission style of architec
ture, walls will be built of yellow
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, "March 25.—
John C. McCoughern was elected captain
of the sophomore track team this after
noon.
McCoughern Is Captain.
LOS ANGELF«S. March 2S.— F. H. Yost,
ooach of the Stanford University football
eleven of 1000, is here en route to Ann
Arbor, MSch.,* where he has accepted a
position as coach for next season- Yost
states that he will endeavor to arrange a
njatch between Stanford and Ann Arbor
to come off in Los Angeles next Christ
mas, and a game between Berkeley and
Ann Arbor at San Francisco for New
Year's day. ' ' .
Yost in Los Angeles.
• CHICAGO, March 28.— President- James
II. Hart of the Chicago National League
team to-day gave out the official list of
players who will make- up. the team 'for
the coming season. The list is as follows:
Catchers, Chance and John Kllngi pitch
ers, Menefee.. Jack Taylor. Cunningham,
Hughes and Kason; inflelders, Doyle.
Childs, James Delehanty, Raymer and
McCormick: outftelder.s, Dexter, Green,
Hartzcl and Dolan.
Chicago Team Chosen.
A game played between the students of
the law and geology departments this aft
ernoon opened the series of athletic events
planned for the junior class celebration.
The game' was won easily by the lawyers
by a score of 19 to 5.
Quarter-mile run— Birtch '01, Hall '02. Slaker
'02, Chadbourne '02. Knight '03, Smith '03,
Holman '04, Kennedy '04, Prentice '04, Dunn
'04.
High hurdles— Mills ''01, Naramore '03, Kuhn
"03. North '04. Taylor '04.
Low hurdles— Mills '01, Symonds '01, Nara
more '03, Fay '03, Lani "04, Kuhn '03, Taylor
'04, Beebe '04, Dunn '04.
Pole vault— Foster '01, Beach '03, Dole '03,
Denton 'C3, Henley 'C4.
High Jump— Dole '03. Beach '03, Preston .'04,
Henley '04, Hosmer '04, Luck '03.
Running broad jump— Symonds '01, Lyons '03,
Naramore '03, Henley '04, Preston '04, Matn
warlnf; 'OL .'
Hammer throw— Brooke '03, Traeger '03,
Nichols '04, McFadden '04, Hyde '04.
Shot-put— Nutter'01, Parker '03. Traeger .'03,
Brooke '03. Hyde '04. McFadden '04.
Mile walk — Zschokke 'Ot. Lousley '02, l«w
•is '04.-': . . - * -'¦ . . .; .. _! ~[
• Tho- officials in charge will -be-: Referee—
Dr. Angell. Inspectors— Parkin '01, R.> S.
Fisher '02. ; Judge3 at finish— Kdwards '01,
Cooper '02. Professor Reynolds. Field judges —
Storey. Bennett '01, Bennett '04. Tlmei- — Dr.
Richardson. Trainers— Covey and Hauser of tha
stock farm. Dr. Murphy.' Judge of walking-
Dole '89. Starter— Dole "99, or Coffin. Clerk of
course — Cantwell ' '01. ' Scorer— English '01
Marshal— T. McFadden '00. -
Mfie run— Talbot '01. Harklns '.01. Merrltt
'01, Chadbourne '02, Hamilton '02, Ellenwood
'02, Xancle '03, Thomas '04, Sprague '04. Pat
terson '04, Moiin '04, Ritchie "04, Van Norden
•04.
Half-mile run— Tnlbot '01, Harklns '01. Chad
bourne>'02, Hamilton '02,* Elkina ?02, Hawley
'03, Ellenwood '02, Luek '03. Sprague '03. Joiner
'03. Spraeue '04. Kennedy '04. Kitchle '04,
Knlsht '03, Jones '03. -
220-yard dash — Harter '01, Stewart '01, Mc-
Caughern '03, Lamb '04, I3ubb '04, Daggett '04,
Hamilton '04.
100-yard dash— Birtch '01, Harter '01. Stewart
'01, McCaughein '03. Lamb '04, Bubb '04, Ham
ilton '04, Daesett '04.
The following list comprises the entries:
STANFORp UNIVERSITY, March 28.-
To-morrow morning on the varsity oval
Stanford's track men will be tried out,
and these who are to represent the car
dinal in the annual intercollegiate meet
with Berkeley will be selected. The meet
will.be a combination of the interclass
field day and the usual try-outs that are
held every year. The athletic exercises
comprise a part of the- junior day celebra
tion.
Stanford Intercollegiate
Team.
Try-Outs for Representation on the
INTERCLASS FIELD
DAY AT PALO ALTO
The domestic troubles of the Earl and
his wife first came to public notice in 1S91.
when Countess Russell brought suit for
divorce, based on cruelty and other
charges. Countess Russell's suit failed
and the Judge took the unusual course of
requiring her to pay its cost, amounting
to more than T25.000.. As a result of that
suit the Earl obtained a judicial separa
tion. Countess Russell, in April, 1S95, suc
cessfully sued for a restoration . of her
conjugal rights, withdrawing the charges
which she had made in her suit for di
vorce. '
John Francis Stanley, Earl Russell, was
married to Mollie Somerville, daughter of
the late George Cooke. Combernald, Scot
land, on April 11, 1900, in Reno, Nev. They
had been living for several months pre
vious in Nevada, where both had obtained
'decrees of divorce. Karl Russell obtained
a divorce from Countess Russell on the
ground of desertion. He alleged that she
had. left him nearly ten years ago. She
was Miss Maoel Kdith Scott, youngest
daughter of the late Sir Claude Edward
Scott.
¦ . -^ _i— i^,';
LONDON, March 2*.— The Countess
Russell was grafted a divorce to-day
upon the ground of the alleged bigamy
and intimacy of the Earl of Russell with
Mrs. Somerville. The suit was not de
fended.
Last Chapter Reached in the Event
ful Married Life of Two Titled .
People by the Court's
. Decision.
Earl Russell Offered No
Defense to Allegations
* Against Him.
COUNTESS GETS
HER DIVORCE
WOODLAND. March 28.— William Kuhn
and William Brlebach have been elected
to represent Concordia Lodge. No. 20,
Hermann's Sons, in the grrand lodge.
Hermann Sons' Representatives.
SAN RAFAEL, March 23.— The trial of
W. P. Warburton. who Is charged with
the murder of Matthew Reilly in this city
some months ago, was to-day continued
until April 15. The continuance was
granted owing to the illness of District
Attorney Hush J.- Mclsaac. who is now at
Gilroy suffering from an attack of appen
dicitis. He will be brought to San Fran
cisco, where sn operation will be per
formed.
Marin IHstrict Attorney 111.
THEOWH FROM BUGGY
AND SERIOUSLY HURT
Two Citizens of Santa Barbara Hurled
From Their Vehicle "While
Turning- a Corner.
SANTA BARBARA. March 21— William
M. Paul, a well-known citizen of thin
place, was thrown from a buggy yester
day afternoon and seriously injured. He
attempted to turn a corner on lower Stata
street while going at a high rat* of speed.
collided with a brick fence post and was
thrown out on his head. He sustained a
severe scalp wound, and it la possible the
skull was fractured. Hiram C. Pierce,
who was with him. was also thrown from
the buggy and received serious bruises.
ceedingly eventful voyage, during; which
the vessel narrowly escaped foundering.
She lost three of her men, one of wUom
was swept overboard, another fell to tho
deck and was killed, while the third dle«l
from the terrible exposure from •which
all the members of the crew more or less
suffered.
The first rough weather was met with
oft the -mouth ot the Platto River, tho
vessel then being on the first half of her
long trip around the Horn from Liverpool
tc» Vancouver. Here some sails were car
ried away and the vessel -was badly
strained. The first seaman. Allan, fell off
the rigging into the sea and the water
was so rough that it was impossible for a
boat to be put out to reach him.
Temporary repairs were made and the
vessel had good weather until in SI de
grees south latitude. There she met cold
and stormy weather. McGregor, another
seaman, fell from aloft to the- deck. His
legs were broken and his skull fractured.
He never recovered consciousness and in
three days he died.
The bark encountered another storm In
the South Pacific, and it was during this
trying time that the second mate, Petrie.
was overcome with the exposure he hart
suffered. He contracted pneumonia, anil
despite everything: that could be done for
him he died. The other men of the. crew
are still thin and emaciated from their
sufferings.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Maxell 2S.— Ths
British bark Beechdale, Captain Koox, ar
rived In pott this morning after an ex-
Special Dispatch to Th» CtlL " ""
British Bark Loses Three
Men on a Long Disas
trous Voyage.
DEATH FOLLOWS
LUCKLESS SHIP
The strike made at the Central mine a
week ago has developed into a ledge over
two feet in size. With water rushlnjr in
at the rate of 200 gallons per minute, ex
plorations have been ver-y difficult and
the footwall has not yet been reaches.
Enough is known, however, to make it
certain that the famous North Star ledge
has been unearthed and the company
has thousands of feet of "backs" to work.
The Central has a vertical depth of l«y>
feet and is the deepest mine in the county.
People here are Jubilant over the dis
covery, as the town of late has been very
dull. "Warnings should be given to miners
that there are hundreds of men In Ne
vada County out of work and new ar
rivals will stand no show of employment.
The Importance of tnis news lies In thp
fact that a story has been going tho
rounds for years that the Nevada County
ledges pinch out with depth. Four days
ago a rich strike was made in the Camp
bell mine of Nevada City, and ten days
previous another in tiie Providence.
The mine has paid fairly well at time?
In past years. It has a seventy-stamp
mill, but on account of a rather discour
aging outlook thirty of the stamps had
been shut down. These will be repaired
for immediate use. On the property also
Is a chlorination plant of large capacity,
but it is unable to handle the output of
sulphurets. Now that will be shipped to"
San Francisco.
GRASS VALLEY, March 28.— A strike
of vast richness has been made in the
Champion mine at Nevada Cltv. On the
2400-foot level a twenty-foot ledee' has
been unearthed carrying free gold and
sulphurets.
Special Dispatch to The Call. !
Immense Section of the
Precious Metal Found
in Nevada City.
GOLDEN LEDGE
IN THE MINE
General Manager Kruttschnltt has su
pervision of the railroad depots. Hs was
busy all day yesterday Inspecting: plans
and making 1 suggestions for new depots
that are to be erected In the near future.
Hanford is also to have a new depot. In
design It Is somewhat similar to th* sta
tion at Palo Alto, with the exception that
It will ba much larger.
NEW STATION WHICH IS TO BE BUILT AT REDWOOD CITY BY THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
President Hays Decides That the Buildings at Most of the Small
Stations Are Out of Date and Orders Them Replaced.
.»__.. " : - ¦¦-¦¦-¦¦ .-¦¦• " .j : . — -f4.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC PREPARES TO ERECT
A FINE NEW DEPOT AT REDWOOD CITY
Opponent and Cromwell Run a Dead; Heat at
Tanforan«==Hagerdon Wins the; Handicap.
TAME IRISHMAN CONES
TO LIFE AT LONG ODDS
2211. SIXTH RACE-Slx and a half fur
longs; selling; four-year-olds and up; purse,
$400.
Irdex.- Horse, ' Wt. Jockey. St %. Str. Fin.
2172 Tm. Irishmn, 4, lOo.Mrph 6 4 h lh 13
2030 Saintly. 5. 108. .O'Connor 5 122 2 2 2
2371 Our Lizzie, 6. 106.Henry 4 6 » ' 3 M 33
2172 RlQaldo. 6. 10S..Domnick 2 3 h 5 2 4 n
21S3 High Hoe. 6, 106. Mounce 1 24 41 5 4
(2O45)J'glc Jingle, 5, 106.Rnsch 7 5 5 6 6 2
21D8 March Seven, 4, 105. Ross 3 7 7 7
Time— 1-16. :06%; V*. :23%: M. :48: 6W. 1:21U.
Good start. Won first three driving. Winner,
C. H. Williams' ch. g. by The Hero-Minnie
Messman. Tame Irishman showed startling
improvement. Saintly withered under the
pace.. Our Lizzie arrived in due season. High
Hoe quit. Scratched — Lomond 108. Osmond 10S,
Satan 105. Sir Kingston 105, The Benedict 105.
Betting— Tame Irishman. 12; Saintly, 9-5: Our
Llizle, 5-2; Rinaldo. 9; High- Hoe? 15-5; Jingle
Jingle, 30; March Seven, 400. /
Betting— Opponent, 11-5: Cromwell, 6; Bogus
Bill. 12; Herculean. 7; Alicia. 40; Lavator, 12;
Merops. 13-5; Sunello, 1C0; Morlnga, SO; Cam
pus. 20.
2210. FIFTH RACE-One mile; selling; four
yc-ar-olds and up; purse, $400.
Irdex. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. '4. Str Fin
21S1 Opponent. 6. 106..O'Conn 2 n >i 1 n •
(?167)Cromwell. a. 109.Mouncel0 10 2 1Y. • 2
21SS Bogu» Bill, 4, lOi.Murpb 14 1 4 H* 3 1
2K7 Herculean. 4. lC8.Thorpe 9 3 >4 3 h 4 1
2103 Alicia, a. 104 Enos 5 9 2 5 h ' 5 2
2166 Lavator. 5. 106 See 4 i h 6 1 ,6 \i
il«7 Merops, 5. 10«...... Henry 6 7h 9 1 ;T 1
21S7 Surello. 4. 102...Materne 8 2 1 7 hi 8 1
2171 Morinpa. 6. lll..Weddstd 7 8 M 10 9 5
1191 Campus. 5, 103..Domlnk 3 1^4 8 h 10
Time— »4. :2CV: Vi. :S1; %. l:16ifr: mile. 1:43.
Good start. Won first three driving. Crom
well ran a remarkably good race, though ap
parently nosed out Opponent bumped Her
culean on stretch turn and then O'Connor went
out ' and grabbed Cromwejl. Lavator in poor
luck, Merops was ridden, by Henry. *Dead
fc*at. )
HZOn. FOURTH RAGE— Six furlongs; hlgh
vrelght handicap; three-year-olds and up;
purse, $C23. . , -.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. Et U- Str. Fin.
CLl. r j5)Hagerdon. 4. 114.Mounee 3 3 1 In 11
f:i«C)r>an«ly Jim. 3. 112. Henry 4 r. »i 4 h 2 h
(?121)St- Wood. 5, 121..Domnk fi 6 5^31
2178 Sad Sam, 3, 110.. Murphy 2 11 2 H 4 3
2i:* Doublet. 4, 114.. O'Connor 1 2 K 3 h 5 4
2203 Dr. Cave, 4. 120.. Thorpe 5 4 1 6 6
Time— U, :23»i: \i. :47?i: »i. 1:14. Good start.
Won first three driving. Winner, II. L. Frank's
b. h. by imp. Esher-Lady Richmond. It
locked as if Hagerdpn had the support of the
country delegates. ; Henry's ride -. on Dandy
Jim »m marvelous. St. Wood might have
won with a better start. Sad Sam riddeji wide
lrto the Rtreteh. Doublet and Pr. Cave quit.
Scratched— Dangerous Maid 122. Our Lizzie 114.
Betting — Hagerdon. S; -Dandy. Jim. -5-2; St.
Wood, 7; Pad Sam. 3: Doublet. 12; Dr. Cave, 20.
220S. THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; selling;
four-year-olds and up; purse. $400.
Index, Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. U. str. Fin;
2194 St. Anfny. 4, lOl.O'Con 3 1 h 1 ',4 l l
2152 Saul Tarsus. 4, 96. Stuart 5 4 U 2 1 2 2
B. Taylor, 4, 9S..Meade 9 7 H 4 >i 3 1
21S8 Miflord. 4. 104 Fogg 6 5 1 5 1 4 »4
1242 Phlegon. 4. 96... Ransch 2 8 1 3h 5 2
1970 M. Dew, S, 98...Domnkl 3h (U 6h
2128 King's Pal,. 4, 96.. .Daly 4* 2 K 1 V. 7 >4
2117 Free Pass. 4. 94.. Walsh 7 6 5 8 % 8 V
20.V) Raciyo. 4, 96 Otis 8 9 9 9
2200 Favorito, 4. 96..MurphylO 10 10 10
1869 Abbyleix L, 4. M.Adamsll 11 11 11
2032 Bagdad, 4, 96 Butlerl2 12 12 12 •
Time— K: OSKh «i. :23%; %i 1:02. Good
start. Won driving. Second easily. Third
driving. Winner, J. Carroll's blk. g. by Imp
St. Andrew-Half Sister. St. Anthony closed
very strong. Tarsus weakly handled. Buck
Taylor will win soon. Phlegon raced to a
standstill by King*B Pal. Mirford has speed-
Betting— St. Anthony. 14-3; Saul of Tarsus.
7-2: Buck Taylor. 13: Mifford, 30; Phlegon, 8;
Mountain Dew. 7: King's Pal, 10; Free Pass
2»; Racivo, COO; Favorito, 15; Abbyleix L, 80;
Bagdad, 80.
22O7. SECOND RACE — Seven furlongs;
three-year-old»; purse. . $400. ¦
JJ&& H <> rse - y*. Jockey. St. £ Str. Fin.
(2127)Toah. 104 O'Connor 2 3 2 In In
2186 Rollick. 104 Ransch 12 2 2 4 2 6
2 J?i T - LePPln*. 108.. Thorpe 5 5 6 3 3 3 4
1909 Grafter. 104 Knos 4. 4h 4 3 4 6
21.0 Scalawag, 104 ..Mounce 3 12 5 10 6 4
2}01Ada N, 105 Ross 7 7 6 5 6 10
2190 lodel, 102 Stuart 6 6 15 7 7
Time— U. :25%: >£. :49: «4. 1:02; T4. 1:2R. Bad
start. T% on easily. Second and third driving.
J\ inner. P. Dunne's ch. g. by imp. Bassetlaw-
Modesty. Winner was best. Rollick ran his
race.. _ Grafter performed badly. Scalawag not
game. Ross on Ada N left as usual
Betting— Toah, 1-2; Rollick. 6; Tony Lep-
Llns. 12: Gratter, 8; Scalawag, 25; Ada N\ 15;
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. H. 94. Fin
216S Gllssando. 4. 96 Daly 5 6 4 '5 U lh
(21G9)Brenhllda. 6. 101.. O' Con 2 4 M 1 'A Jh
2194 G. Finder. 4. 97.Materne 4 6 h 1 1 3 n
2137 McAlbert. 6. 103. Mounce g 8 2 6 14.4.U
2167 Tizona. 4, 96 Kansch 1 11 3h 5 8
2200 Foul Play, 4, 99..Dorank 9 10 23 9 8 6 2
2122 S. Lucia, 6, 103..nurIgm 7 2 t 2 h 7 1 •
2128 J. Welch, 4, 96..MurphylO 9 5 ' 10 20 8 1
1J22 Bamboulia. 4. 96. .Butler 6 S «• 7 H 9 20
2050 Perhaps, a. 105.Wedrstd 3 7 U 8 h 10 10
S20 Disorderly, 4, 96.Goldenll 11 11 11
Tlme-J4, :24; »i. :8C«4; %, 1:01^. .Good
Ftart. Won first three driving. Winner, J.
Naelee Burk's b. g. by Imp. Foul Shot imp.
Berna. Glissando under all conditions prob
ably best. Gold Finder ran a nice race.
Lamboulla cut off on far turn by' Tizona.
Santa Lucia quit. Scratched— Amelia Fon
so 98. ¦y
Betting— Gllssando. 13; Brenhilda, 9-5: Gold
Finder. 40; HcAlbert, 15; Tizona. 9-2: Foul
Play 9-2; Santa Lucia, 7; John Welch, 100;
Bamboulia, 12; Perhaps, 100; Disorderly, 200.
TANFORAH PAKE- Thursday, March
29, 1901.— Weather fine. Track fast. '
2200. FIRST RACE-Five furlongs; gelling;
four-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
BY F. E. MULHOLLAND.
THE last time Tame' Irishman
s-tarted, which was on March 21,
when he finished behind Rio Chico,
Catastrophe and Dolore In a. slow
run seven-furlong dash, C. H. Wil
liams, the horEe's owner, accused Owen
Mounco of not trylns to win. After the
last event decided at Tanforan yesterday
It must be confessed the Idaho boy. and
hin methods are difficult to decipher.
Quoted at odds of 12 and 15, Irishman,
with R. Murphy In the, saddle, worked
his .way from fourth position, until finally
at the close of the six and a half furlong
Frrint, which waa covered In 1:21^4. he
rsn in three lengths before the favorite.
Saintly. Our Lizzie, piloted by the awe
iiisplrir.p, soul bewildering, nerve racking
Milton Henry, the horseman par excel
lence of two hemispheres, receiving a sal
ary double that of any other rider on the
face of the globe." possibly excepting six,
ran a magnificent third. This day Cali
fornia will suffer an irreparable loss, for
Henry, 'tis said, will depart for New York
to report to James Ft. Keene, his employ
er. Milt has received flattering offers to
ride for the Emperor of Patasronla, the
President of Poland and the Czar of Fiji,
but prefers to linger about the great me
trcpolis, where soubrettes and the vintage
ripen over night. If Mr. Keene will only
follow Henry— that is, back his mounts— it
¦would not be Burprisinc to hear of the
veteran stock manipulator riding over the
Jumps In the near future.
Two favorites earned brackets, while an
other ran a dead heat. ,As acute depres
sion was pictured on the countenances of
the major portion of the tale-nt, victory
beyond question rested with the pencilers.
Winnie O'Connor was six times at the bat,
knocking out three home runs. Only three
were missed from the attendance of the
day btfere. and this trio, ft is understood,
has started for Nome to die for more.
Hagf-rdon, from Don Cameron's barn, Is
to all appearances a tJir.xrt sort of a horse
just now-. The bis sprinter picked up 114
pounds in the six-furlonff handicap, arvl
in the face of a stiff breeze beat out
Dandy Jim. the favorite, a length, In 1:14
flat. St. Wood ran ihird.
Oner apain were tlie judees unable to
separate two iiorses. tx> closely aligned
were they as the point wa5
crossed. In the mile soiling affair Mounce,
Utrtde Cromwell, circled his field, and !»
h depi>eraie drive passed the officials in
the stand on about eiuil terms with the
favorite. Opponent. At any rate, it was
*o close a dead heat was declared.
Glissando. a 15 to 1 »-hot ridden by J.
Daly, beat the favorite, lirenhilda, a neck
for the opening five-furlong scramble.
Tizona led to the Ftrctch. where the pres
pure told, and he fell back. The favorite
looked to be winninjr, when O'Connor
prp» r gay and was nipped out. Gold
J-*inder. a 40 to 1 shot, ran third.
Pat Dunne's seldine Toah, at odds on,
FUbdued Rollick in clever fashion, de
<ampirg with the seven-furlong run, next
decided. Scallawagr. following- his usual
custorn. cut out the running for tv.o
tbirds of the distance, and then cashed in.
O'Connor then let out his wraps on the
favorite, beatinp Rollick easily. Enos on
Orafter put up a very comical ride,
thoroughly en.ioyed and appreciated by
the humorously inclined, and C. Ross,
who tried to »ilot\ Ada N and again sot
left, should be relegated to the messenger
service.
Jockey O'Connor followed up this win
by putting St. Anthony, a luke-warm
<-hoif t e, over the plate first for a ehoip
five-furlorp scramble. After Phlegon and
Jvinps Pal had raced themselves to a
standstill. O'Connor moved up with St.
Anthony, and, ridden out. downed the
weakly handled SoajI ot Tarsus a length.
Buck Taylor took tho .-hew.
Track K"otes.
It Is reported that Eob Smith recentiv
offered his entire stable. Including Col.
Roosevelt anj Grayfeid. to Burns &
Watorhous*? for $10,000. The firm has the
matter under consideration.
Duck Tavlor vas claimed from the third
ra^e.
Seventeen books <*ut In aeraln.
Yellowtatl' and KenSlworth meet this
isfternoon in the match race for $1000 a
Fide and ?300 added.
Tame Irishman is by ro means a con-
Flstent performer, and possibly botb
nwnpr and jockey are blameless for his
previous poor run.
Henry is a most capable ilder. and it is
to be hoped he will give his work closer
attention in the East.
To-Day 's Entries.
First race— One mile; .three- year-olds: selling:
I2«4 Kinustelle 1071 2S>4 Illilouon 109
*199 The Gafflr 109| 2106 Billy Lyons 109
21S« Dance Along. ...1"9 (2i:<«)Wardman 112
•l?r. Imraodell H2i 20:.f> Thomwlld 103
IVKi Houndhead 107 : 2152 Mam. Hlldreth.107
21» Bobert J 112: 2146 Commuter 112
Fceond race — Four furlongs; "two-year-olds;
idling:
<fl7?)OKle' ir>KU?09?)LapIdus 10S
2123 Oratossa SS 5179 Vasallo 9S
3r*7 J. V. Kirby 103 <2l65)Zirl 110
2177 Pan Luition 9S> 2104 Irma ,\ 101
<I141)F1ora Pomona.. li:> 2165 Minerva 100
1PS5 Tyranus 110 2141 Estado 101
Third race — Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
tip: purse:
211 The Benedict.. -li:|(i:sn)Headwater ....115
C17»r>anc. Maid... .110] 2113 Sly 113
2171 Gibraltar 11SI 2125 Jlermoso 118
Fourth rare — Six furlongi; match for $1000 a
r'.flr. JT-00 added:
(JWOKenllworth ....112 2178 Tellowtail .•..'..111
Fiflh race — Five and a half furlongrs; three
y*>ar-olris and up; purse:
«0a.-.)rrank B*ll 120» .... Babbler IIS
»a RolHnR Ro-r....l02l 2176 Sinfl 97
21?-. Articulate Ml! 11S3 Kl Fonse 99
-<2I39)The Pride 1331
Pfxth rare— Seven furlong's; three-year-olds
end up; selling:
Tin Cougar 107 217S Palvado 1<W
riM Compass l<r\ (2117)MIke Strauss. ..US
<r2f4>MoonbriKht lOf, IIO4 Fondo ...102
(MM I Impromptu 107 2197 Devereaux 113
CKOAytor «120
Probable 'Winners.
First race— Iilllouon. Wardman. Roundhead.
Seo.id raee-^J. "V. Kirby, Flora Pomona,
fclrl.
Third race — Ely, Headwater, Dang-ero-js Maid.
Founh race— Tellowtail.
Fifth race— Articulate, The Pride, Eiafl.
Sixth race — Mike StrauFg, Impromptu, Ajitor.
Racing at Little Bock.
LITTLE ROCK. Ark., March 28.— The
results of the racing to-day were as fol
lows:
Seven furlongs, selling— Little Tommy Tucker
won. Klsie Del second, Georgle Farber third
Time. 1:21.
Half mile — Tambourine II von. Swift Light
second, Ben Hullum third. Time. :SL I
Six furtonrs. selling— Lor.ne won. Prudent
»^enn«i, Sangamon third. Tim*. l:Ut».
Half mile, purse S1000. Turf Conjrres« Stake
Mis> EVira won. Jordan second. Anna L/oulss
third. Time, SOV-
One mile, special— The Unknown wen, Chap
[ p.'ju.i *<>cond. Pcareful third. Time. j:45.
Six furlongs, selling— Hor»"*shoe Tobafrco .won.
Dutch Comedian second. Belle of the. Glen
third. Time. l:ITJi.
COLLEGE ATHLETES TO
COMPETE. AT BUFFALO
Western Universities WillSend Men
East for Pan-Hellenic
Games.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, -March 2S.—
According to negotiations now on foot, It
Is probable that Stanford as "well as the
other Pacific Coast universities will send
athletes to compete in the Pan-Hellenic
games at the Buffalo Exposition in the
summer. jj The plan of the exposition di
rectors is to have every institution of note
in the country represented in a series of
contests on field and -cinder path. Man
ager Brightman of the University of
Washington and Manager Gilman of Stan
ford are now in correspondence and it is
their purpose to pick four or five star
athletes from each of the universities of
Washington, Oregon, California and from
Stanford. v
. .»
Polo Games.
The rival polo teams of Burllngame
have arranged for a game . In Golden
Gate Park next Tuesday or W.ednesday.
On Sunday, March 31, at 3:30 p. m. ori
the Burlinrame field, a match game will
be played between the Reds and the
•Whites. The Reds will be composed of
R. M. Tobln. J. S. Tobln, L. McCreerv
,and C. Wheeler. The Whites will be made
up of C. Dunphy, F. MenzIes.T. A Drls
coll and W. S. Hobart. Frank Carolan
will act as umpire. ¦ ¦ \
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY^ MARCH 29, 1903.
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
and dirty. One by one these depots will
be torn down and new commodious build
ings erected In their places. It Is also the
policy of tho president to encourage the
official in charge of each depot to make
his station as attractive as possible by
planting- palms and laying- out flower
beds.
4
LEAVITT & BILL, Agents,
309 LARKIN, STREET.
}^m^L^is^uWm^mM^m^im 111
m,A«Vk S l lirt for x? rinfr and .summer wear has lately been brought i
l^^ l^ $i^^ yorkm^izcturtTi; we are showing it in
a number of approoriate shades for the season.
i tie bosom of the shirt is made of heavy quality taffeta silk and
i£ nrr,V «t,,S °I 0 " * Tt !ue ' lavcnd « r - P^e. pink and white, the
5hI?X? s1wd « s '*» av «Mr white perpendicular stripes; colors are fast-
; iniotcVi WashabIc: scatni are doubJ c »< w ed throughout and re-
the F pr r icc, C ° Olt comfortab!c » nd <to«W« shirt you can't do better a:'
Out-of-town orders filled— write us.
|v • \ 718. Market Street.
V ¦ '.'-i -,l._.. '-7f9TO ARRIVE.
Thursday. March 2*.
Stmr Matteawan, Croscup, S6 hours from Ta
eoma.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, *8 hours from
San Dleffo.
Stmr Acaoulco, Russell, 29 days from Pa
nama and way ports.
Stmr Walla Walla, Hall. 60 hours from Vic
toria and Pujret Sound ports.
Stmr Cocullle River, Green, 54 hours from
A.«toria-
S^mr Noyo. Hansen, 14 hours from Fort
Braes- ,
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 21 hours from
Mendocino.
Stmr Glrsy. Leland. 27 hours from Monterey.
Stmr Santa Cruz, H Inkle. 26 hours from San
Simeon.
Stmr Centennial, Anderson, 9 days IS hours
rfom Kahulul.
Bktn Planter, Chase. 17 days from Honolulu.
Schr Ocean Spray, Olssn, 12 hours from
Iver:«ens Landing.
Schr Ida McKay, Lehtola, 43 hours from
Eureka.
Schr Falcon. Thomas, 12 days from Port
Ltd low.
Schr Mary E Rues, Wlkender, 4 days from
Coos Bay.
Schr Glen, Johnson, 4 days from Coos Bay.
CLKARED.
Thursday. March 28.
Stmr North Fork, McLeJlan. Eureka; Chas
Nelson.
Etmr Geo W Elder, Randall. Astoria: Ore
con Railroad & Nav Co.
Stmr Corona, Htnkle. San Pedro: Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Nor stmr Titania, Ejenes, Nanalmo; John
Roeenfeld's Sora.
Ship Santa Clara, Llndberg. Kahluk; Alaska
PacP.ers" Association.
Dark Ferris S Thompson, Murk, Chlcnik
Bay; Hume Bms & Hume.
Schr O M Kelloss, Iverson, Mahukona; M
S Grliibaum & Co.
SAILED.
Thursday. March IS.
Stmr Arcata, Nelson. Cocs Bay.
Stmr Sequoia, Wtnkel. Fort Brapsr.
Bark F erris S Thompson. Murk. Chlgnlk Bay.
Nor Ftmr TItanla. lijrenes. Nanatmo.
Chll -n-phallngr etmr Fearless. McKenna, Na
nalmo.
Schr Beulah. Andersen. Klawack.
Pchr Mary C. Camobell, Fort Ross.
Schr Ralph J Long. Isigkelt. Mendocino.
Schr Bender Bros. Wetzel, Bowens Landing:.
S;hr Mary Etta. Nyman, Bowens Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, March 2S. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NE, velocity 28 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Sailed March 28— Bark S D Carle
ton, for Honolulu. '
CAPK FLATTERY— Passed in March 28—
Hark Carroll ton, from Honolulu, for Port
Townsend.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived March 27-Schr
I.illebonnc. hence March 16; Btmr Fulton, hnc
March 24; schr Jennie Thelin, hence March 16;
schr Mary Bldwell. hence March 13.
EUREKA— Sailed March 2fc-Stmr Westport,
schr Fortuna. for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed March 2S-Br stmr
Port Albert, for Port Plrie; schr Philippine,
for Honolulu.
Arrived March -28— Schr Ida Schnauer, hence
March 16.
COOS BAY-Salled March 27-Schr Gem. for
San Francisco.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived March 28— Br bark
Oolinprove, from Port Blakeley; schr Philip
pine, from Port Gamble.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived March 2S-Schr Ante
lope, from Randon.
Sailed March 27— Bark Vidette, for Port
Townsend.
ASTORIA— Arrived March 28— Br bark County
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
New Dungeness buoy No. 2. a red, first-class
nun. is reported, March 23. 1901. as having gone
adrift from its position oft the end of the spit,
which extends about one mile from the light
house. It will be replaced on Its station as
early as practicable.
This notice affects Uw ','L.lst of Beacons and
Buoys. Pacific Coast. 1901," pace 71.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
W. P. DAY.
Commander. IT. S. N.. Lighthouse Inspector.
FOREIGN. PORTS.
N-^rs&.'SSScftT 111 - March 27 " Schr
GrS^HartSi?* 28 ~ Schr *°y.Some™. from
Harw! March =S-Schr Azalea, for Grays
ne££n ™ EGO T Ar rt™<* March !g-Br stmr
wSTom^vereT 8 MarCh bkl *
stg^r£f ,^ N £S I SfcSS£ 1 ' Mireh ' 2S 
nnJ, # T TLE — Arrived March 27— Br stmr Moy
v^wlt S i? r £ Ilhu Thomwn. from Valdez.
r^Vi^ EAHBA\ -Passed in March 28— Bark Cal -
Honolulu m Honolulu -' schr Transit, from
KAHULUI-In port March lS-Schrs S T
exa ni er^ Sorena Tha y f r. Mary Dodge and
Dora Bluhm and bark Charmer.
a P°RT BLAKELEY— Sailed March 2S-Schr C
s> Holmes, for San Francisco; schr G W, Wat
son, for Btm Francisco.
Arrived March 2S-Br Btmr Port Albert, from
Port Gamble.
Steamer Movements.
MAZATLAN- Sailed March 27— Ger sttnr
rentaur. for San Francisco.
ENSENADA-Sailed March 27-Stmr Cura
cao, for San Francisco.
GUAYMAS— Arrived March 2T— Schr Daunt
le«=f», from Grays Harbor.
USHA XT— Passed Marrh 27— Ger star Neko.
hence Dec 24, for Hamburg.
SUEZ-Arrived March 27-Br stmr Glenfars.
from 1 aeomn, for London.
ANTWERP — Arrived March 26— Br stmr
Derhrr.ont, from OT-esrori.
TOKOHAMA-Arrlved March 2S-Br stmr
Caithness, from Kiaochau.
ISLE OF WIGHT-Paased March 27-G#r bk
:Nomla. from Oregon. Tor Queenstown.
PORTLAND niLL—Passed March 27— Br bk
Stratl.don. hence Oct 30. for London.
DOVER-Passed March 26-Ge.r. ship Alstee,
from Vxravespnd, for Sar.ta Rosalia.
CAPK TOWN— Arrived March 28— Shlo In
vincible, from Port Gamble. ¦
HONGKONG— Sailed March 28— Jan stmr
Mppon Maru. for San Francisco.
• - 0CEAX STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived March 2S— Stmr Ma-
JesUc. from .New York.
Sailed March 2S— Slmr Cufic. for New York.
QUEENSTOWX - Sailed March 28-Stmr
Rhynland. for Philadelphia: stmr ' Germanic,
for New York: both fr*>m Liverpool.
J NEW YORK— Sailed March 2S-Stmr Vader
land. for Southampton; Btmr Koenlgen Louise,
for Bremen, via Southampton.
ROTTERDAM-Arrived Marrh 2?-Stmr Stat
endam. from New Ycrfe, via Boulogne
."-TMOUTH— Arrived March 28— Stmr Graf
A\alrt^rree.. from New York, for Cherbourg
and.Hambunr. and proceeded.
LIVERPOOU-Sailed March 28-Stmr Com
monwealth, for Queenptown and Boston: stmr
Vancouver, for P.vtland. Me:
YOKOHAMA— Sailed March 2S— Stmr thike
of Fife, for Taeoma,
LONDON-Sailed March IS-Stmr Manltou,
for New York. • . . •
TOWBOAT RESCUE CHAPTERED BY THE UNION OIL COMPANY. SHE .
HAS BEEN REFITTED AND WILL IN FUTURE BURN OIL. INSTEAD
OF COAL. • V
Notice to Mariners.
STRAIT OF JUAN' DE FL'CA. WASHINGTON
Notice is hereby jiv^r. that the Sand Spit
TT.e Harold will load -wheat at Taeoma for
Kuropp, 42s, chartered prior to arrival.
Hatters cf Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
New Steamships for Coast Trade.
Two new steamships for the Pacific
roast trade are now loading at Baltimore
for San Francisco. They were built on
;he great lakes by the same people who
pent out the Keewenaw and Mackinaw
and were floated down the St. Lawrence
in sections. They are named Asuncion and
Paraguay and are each of 1323 tons net,
or about TOO tons smaller than the Mack
inaw. The latter has always been used
as a collier, and the chances are that will
hp the trade the Asuncion and Paraguay
will engage in.
Besides these, it Is said, four more of
the. same kind of- steamships will come
here. Two cf them will be tho Pleiades
arn Eureka, the capacity of each of which
will be about 3500 tons gross, or the same
nass of vessels as the Asuncion and Para
guay. ¦ . ¦
water Front Notes
The steamship Walla Walla arrived
from Puget Sound ports yesterday.
Among her passengers were fifty recruits
for th»* ravy yard in charge of Captain
Cole. Thcv went to Mare Island on the
1'nadllla.
The I acific Mail Company's Acapulco
has arrived from Panama and way ports.
She was away behind her schedule time
and people were wondering what detained
her. The head winds were too much for
her. and at times the could not do better
than 100 miles a day.
Fred Rchlffs. a carpenter, fell down the
hold of the bark Coalinga yesterday and
broke his right leg. besides being badly
bruis?d. He was treated at the Harbor
Hospital.
The T:evr schooner James Sennett that
stuck in the mud -while being towed up
Channel Etreet was got off yesterday and
docked.
The ex-transports Universe and Saint
Rede are both to take lumber cargoes to
cjiina. The Universe will load on Puget
Sound and the Saint Bede at Portland.
There will not be a dozen vessels in the
Arctic this year hunting whales. Not 50
many yiars ago there were from forty to
fifty FU&mers and wind-jammers fitted
out here for whaling: cruisers, hut year
efter ypar the industry has dwindled until
now se\«»n or eight steamers and half a
dozen wind-jammers comprise the full
fleet.
The steam bark Fearless sailed last
nlg-ht for Nanalmo. B. C\ and l>utch Har
bor. Ctptain James McKenna is going to
make a bold venture during the next two
f-easor.s and hopes to bring home a ship
load of tv halebone. The Fearless will coal
at Xanaimo and then proceed to Dutch
Harbor direct. At the latter place the
fchooner Altair will be waiting for her.
A crew for her will go north on the Fear
less. ai:d when 'the schocner is manned
¦f'aptain McKenna will take her along the
Siberian coast on a trading cruise. The
Fearless will continue north and both she
and the Altafr will winter off the Macken
zie River. The Balaena and Grampus will
follow the Fearless, and thev also will
winter in the Arctic. The steam whalers
Jeanettc, Karluk, Alexander and William
Baylies will come home in September
from the Arctic and the wind-jammers
from the Okhotsk Sea. but the remainder
of the fleet will winter off the Mackenzie.
Tearless Sails and "Karluk, Balaena
and Grampus Will Follow.
WHAtlKG TXEET READY.
**^ Shipo^-ners* and Merchants'
I towboat Rescue has pone perma-
I nently into the oil trade. For
11 many months past she has been
' towing the oil barge Santa Paula
between Ventura and San Francisco, but
a "Redstack" captain and crew handled
the vessel. Now, however, the Union Oil
Company has taken control cf the vessel
and Captain P. Nielsen Is in command.
The Kt-scue is now being remodeled,
while tho ganta Paula is laid up in Oak
land Creek. The lug is being changed
from a coal burner into an oil burner.
Two tanks, capable of holding 3000'gal
lons of j>etroleum each, have been placed
on the deck amidships and the furnao*-s
are being: changed so as to burn the oil.
The tanks will contain enough fuel to run
the> tuc six days.* but should the supply
pive out at any time there will always be
enough coal in the bunkers to carry her
elor.g fcr another six days. The Rescue
will be fitted throughout with electric
lights, so that the only place oil will be
burntd wiU be in the furnaces.
The Rescue Is the first San Francisco
tug to be fitted out to use oil as fuel. The
tug Falcon has been using petroleum for
pern* time, and the oil steamer George
Loomis has been using It ever since she
vas built. Oil as fuel will mean a big
f avlng in the running of the Rescue. At
Ventura she can take enough aboard to
carry her to San Francisco and back
i*ra:n. The run down can be made in
forty-eight hours, while the trip up will
take sixty hours.
TO SAIL.
NOTE — The • Iiljfh and low occur at
tbo city front • (Mission-street < wharf) - about
twenty-five. minutes^ later than "at; Fort Point;
the height of tide i3 : the same , at both places.
Sun. Moon and Tide.
United ..States , Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of - High and Low
, Waters at Fort Point, . entrance ¦ to > San
Francisco Bay. - Published ' by official au
* thorlty of the Superintendent. .. • ,
FRIDAT, MARCH 29,
Sun rises'.................. .....6:00
Sun sets' 6. -2J
Moon sets ....'........;..'.. ."...2:47 a. m.
i • .The ? ccast ; surveys strfamer*^ Pathfinder
and McArthur. are ready^ for. sea and will
get away the first of , the week for Alaska
via. Seattle.- The pathfinder cameioff ithe
dr>-dock " yesterday i and •• is '.: now ? coaling,
while ; the • McArthur ; is ' coaled : and ? ready.
Coast: Survey Boatis ; Beady:
The Original Little Beneficencia ' Publica
' Company of San Francisco. Organized ,'
September, 1893: • : City o? , Mexlcor . '
.. ; Drawing March 28, : 1001. ;
•>¦• No. 11979 ; wins '. 17500. sold - in San - Francisco.
Cal. ; No. ; 6092 •" wins • $2300, ¦-. sold In', San j Fran
cisco ; and 'I Ix>s 'Angeles,'; Cal. ; No-. 7. 48231> wins
$1250, 1 sold) in >fian Francisco; Cal. : <' Nos.-" 944S,
19737. : 22928. 1 : 306S5 and 555S7, each i. wins JUS,^ sold
In San -Francisco. Cal/ .-« ¦¦#•¦£.%?£".
'¦* NOTE— In ; the ; above exposition >. ot the tides
the early, morning: tid.es are frlvenln the If ft
hand column : and the successive 'tides t of • the
day in ¦ the ; order of occurrence * &e to time of
day; the third time column gives the last: tide
of the day. « except ' when ¦ there - are . but > three
tides, as sometimes ¦ occurs. - Tho heights siven
are In addition to the soundlnijson the -United
States ¦ Coast . Survey charts, except » when f a
minus (— ) slsrn » pre<jed<»s the ¦ height,^ and i then
tho number given -la subtracted from the depth
Kl von ' by : tho •: charts. - The plane of reference
is 'the mean of the lower low, waters.'.- 7 : '.r-v
Thebullders'/contiract fpVthe* erection Xit
a; public library, bulldingon one-half .of
the school; lot- at .the , corner 4 of; Fourth
and Clara-'streets was" filed ; yesterday In
the -Recorder's -office.': Mayor Phelan has
donated the building, whlcri will coat $15,
695 when completed.- The buijdera are De
war. & Quinn. and the : contract calls for
a two-story brick and- terra cotta build
ing. Theother half. of the school lot has
been r transferred to : the - Police - Depart
ment. Chief Sullivan has appealed to the
Supervisors to erect a police station there
Instead of increasing ; the force by fifteen
Library South" of Market Street.
The. new. torpedo-boat; destroyer Perry,
has ¦ no t" y et ! made • the speed required ;¦ by
the \ Government.'-"' She has had four speed
tests on the bay/buf on none of them did
she dolLetter than 27 knots, .while the" re
quirements call - ; for '29; knots. .There > is
nothing the matter with either hull or ma
chinery; but afew minor defects that the
speeding of ' the craft ?v brought ' to light
have jbeen i remedied from ' time * to "¦ time.
AVedne&day last she had a fast run on the
bay and the engineers and machinists are
now 1 engaged • in ' keying her " up.' : When
nextshe is taken out her builders are con
fident "she will -exceed : -> the Government
requirements.,;-: : ; . , . ¦¦-. .; ; ; .;
Testing- Torpedb-Boat/ Destroyer.'
t The United States Civil Service ; Com
mission , announces , that on April 23, , 1901,
in : all cities' liavlnj: f roe postal * delivery,
examinations will 'be held for- the follow
ing 'positions: . Geologist ,, and "assistant
geologist In the Geological ! Survey, for oc
casional servioe." at a 8ala ry , from % S 1 0 J3
per; diem.* and other] similar vacancies as
they shall occur; • Spanish interpreter,' Bu
reaui of 'Immigration: at Key^.West. Fla..
at a: salary of . J3 perj diem when actually
employed,"!-; and '..other.--- similar; vacancies
as they 'Shall occur! .'Persons who: desire
to compete -should apply- at once- to; the
oommlsslon at /Washington, D.^ C.,for ap
plication forms.*«; It iwlll inot^be necessary
for; applicants to appear ; at any , place for
examination. * T Application i forms -304 and
375 i and >¦ sr.eclal ;* forms y are ' required, ; and
application 1 should 'be'-made; to the com
mission for same. -¦ ¦- •
Civil Service Examinations.
'Mayor ,Ph elan was advised -by .his at
torneys yesterday that the Tyrrell bill re
cently I passed by " the " Legislature I is not
operative in cities 'having .municipal char
ters.-'.The result Is that- the Civil Servlca
Commission. v i unless enjoined -by . the
courts, will pay no attention to the bill,
but will continue their work as though ro
such law had been passed. The attorneys
hold . that . section I %Vz of . the constitution
gave - this < city the right to • lesrislat e for
itself, < and ' to destrov that right the con
stitution .- must : be </ amended after ¦ tlit>
proposition : has been submitted to a vote
of ithepeople. „ ; r -
Advice on Tyrrell i Bill.
Tho Pacific Coast ; Steamship Company
has issued a card for the convenience of
shippers, giving shipping directions cover
ing Alaska and Northwest Territory, Brit
ish Columbia,- Idaho, Montana, - Oregon
and Washington. - . • , :
. As many of the publications upon which
shippers now rely, are incorrect, this pub
lication is ; much sought after, as it is in.
valuable to those desiring to know, with
out question, the proper routing of freight
covering the above territory. Copies of the
cards are given free; to parties interested
on application at the office of the Pacific
Coast , Steamship Company, 10 Market
streets ... . ', ; • ,i ¦ . . >¦-;¦'.
New Shipping Directions. •
Views of President Sbarboro of the
Manufacturers' and Producers'
• Association.
A. Sbarboro. president of the Manufac
turers' and Producers' Association, read
an Interesting report of the work accom
plished by the organization at its annual
meeting held in the .Mills building Wed
nesday. He dwelt at length on the good
done the members and the municipality
by the association. He said the object of
the • association, which was' originally
formed for the fostering and protection
of home industries, has been kept promi
nently In view and every proper erMeavor
has been made, as the opportunities have
arisen, to further the Interests of the
home manufacturers and producers. «
Mr. Sbarboro then • discussed at length
the splendid i work accomp.lshed by ',tfc«j
organization in Inducing Congress and the
Slate Legislature to. pass bills that bene
fited California, and her citizens. In pare
he said: « - , .:,
In addition t a employing 1 Its usefulness in
favor of great national . movements such • as
the building: of the Nicaragua canal and the
construction • of a dlree.-t . Pacific r Ocean cable.
In 'carrying forward national and State legis
lation, . in guarding *>ur Interests before the
various povtrnmental departments and 'officials,'
in reekine equitabl- freight . tariffs, In en
couraslngr increased transportation - facilities
and increased- population.: all, of- which In a
broad. manner have an important bearing upon
our manufacturing And producing interests, the
association stands ready at any time to, take
up the cause- of any '. manufacturer in .behalf
of California made goods as against foreign or
Eastern products and also to co-operate with
our members .in -securing-, new 'trade territory,
and. It? is especially the purpose of . the asso
ciation to address its efforts to those'new..op
portunities which the wonderful resources of oqr
State are opening to Manufacturing Industries.
f Thefollowlnc were elected directors* s.t
the association for, the ensuing year:
Charles' R. Alien. AW II. ; Crocker. Edward
Everett. A.' C." Rulofson. '..W. J. Casey, M. J.
Font ana, ; : W. - F.v Bowern,' "J. P. Currier, C. A.
ilalm, A. Sbarboro and .H. L,. Mead.
HOME INDUSTRIES ARE
V NOW GREATLY BENEFITED
Dr. Arthur O. O'Neill, one of the rescued
passengers from the .wreck of the Rio de
Janeiro, was the most interesting witness
yesterday in : the United States District
Court in the trial of ; the suit against the
Pacific Mail; Steamship Company .for J62.
000 damages for housing ' 125 "European"
steerage • passengers In 'V the "Asiatic"
steerage and feeding them on tainted
food." . ' ¦.;•.•; :-¦:-, -V ' .. r
Dr. O'Neill testified that when : the Rio
was afloat the European steerage was on
the main deck and the Asiatic steerage
was below. The plaintiffs had testified
that : they - had been . housed on: the '¦ same
deck with the Asiatics; f but separated
from the Chinese and Japanese by a can
vas, curtain. .-Thee men. said : the doot~r,
were complaining about the food and the r
quarters from the time: they leit-Nujja
saki until they arrived at; San Francisco.
He, however,' did not get near enough to
the'food to smell it. ¦ The Chinese and
¦ other Asiatics bad a different menu, com
posed of. fish; rice and Oriental vegetables.
He had heard : similar complaints v from
the soldiers when the Rio was sailing as a
Government transport. ..." » .
The trial 1 will be resumed to-day.
Haven* of Complaints by
Passengers.
Surgeon of the Rio Tells Judge de
DR. O'NEILL DID NOT
SMELL BAD FOOD
For the first time in the history of the
order of the Native Daughters of the
Golden West' the several San Francisco
parlors and those of Alameda County will
Join together for the purpose of holding
solemn services in. memory of the sisters
who departed during the year preceding
the first Sunday in May, the date fixed for
the service.. A meeting of three delegates
from each parlor has been held and the
following have been chosen as the officers
under whose direction the services will be
arranged: Grand Vies President Mrs.
Genevieve Baker, chairman: | Miss Hat he
Burk, vice chairman; Jennie Crelghton.
secretary, and ex-Grand Treasurer Lizzie
Douglass, treasurer.
In the past the several lodges of the
order In the State have on ;he day named
held services In the individual parlors,
and the members visited the cemeteries
to strew flowers over the last resting
place of those who had gone to the great
beyond. This year it is proposed by the
Earlors" of this city and those across'lhe
ay to join in- having the grandest service
that has ever been arranged by an organ
ization of women. The hall or theater to
be selected will be prepared with-ever
greens and flowers and draped in a man 1
ner suited to the solemn occasion. There
is to be appropriate, vocal and Instru
mental music," an oration by one of tho
most eloquent speakers of the order and
eulogies of the dead sisters.,
MEMORIAL SERVICE BY
THE NATIVE DAUGHTERS
Home Squadrons of Various Regi
4 ments Leave Points in the East
En Route to Manila.
Tho home squadrons of most of the old
army organization are under orders to
proceed to Manila to replace the volun
teers under orders to return home. The
troops are scheduled to leave here between
the present date, and April 15, and most of
the commands have already left, their
home stations for this city.
Telegraphic advices were : received at
army headquarters yesterday (announcing
the departure from Atlanta. Ga., of Com
panies K and L. Eleventh Infantry. The
command is made up of seven officers
and 227 enlisted men. The third Battalion
of the Fifth Infantry, consisting of seven
officers and 5S1 men, Is en route from Fort
Sheridan, Chicago. Advices were also re
ceived stating that the staff, band and
Companies I* and M of the Eleventh'In
fantry had lefc Washington, D.C.. for
this city. This detachment of tho Elev
enth.ls made up. of six , officers and - 250
men. Companies K and . Tj, four officers
and '132 men. of the First Infantry are on
the way here from Fort Lcavenworth.
The home squadron of the Tenth Cav
alry, consisting of Troops E, F. G and H,
now on duty 'n Texas, is under orders
for foreign service, as are also Troops I,
K, L and M, comprising the home squad
ron of the Ninth Cavalry. The last named
command is at present on duty in the De
partment of Colorado. Two hundred and
nfty horses of. the Tenth Cavalry arrived
at the Presidio Wednesday night.
EEGULABS ARE BEING SENT
• TO REPLACE VOLUNTEERS
The outspoken representative* of that
element of the Republican party of San
Franclscc known to politicians and states
men as the "push", are not satisfied with
Governor Gage's .selection of a Harbor
Commissioner to succeed Major P. J. Har
ney. Colonel John.C. Klrkpatrlck, man
ager of the Sharon estate hotel property,
is. -In their judgment, well fitted for or
namental service on the staff of the com
mander In chief, of the military forces of
the State and likewise* well; suited for
service on the Yosemlte Valley Commis
sion, ; but' for water, front duty he is not
to their liklns:. .
The impression In the minds of the stal
warts that Colonel Klrkpatrlck was a
Democrat. when he was appointed to the
Yosemite Commission and subsequently
became a Silver Republican and finally a
sound-money champion is not correct in
sequence.
• On his return from th© country yester
day Colonel Kirkpatrick replied to ; in
quiries concerning his political sentiments,
asserting iat once that he was a straight
out Republican and that he had never
been identified with tho Silver Republican
party.
This declaration may satisfy the busi
ness ¦ men and the leaders of the party,
who care more for principle than for
i spoils, tut it will not hush the cry of the
push. There is a vast field of patronage
on tho water, front, and hundreds of the
rank and file north and south of Market
street hive been waiting with some de
pree of patience for the retirement of
Major Harney and tho enthronement of
a practical Republican politician as his
successor. When the workers heard that
Colonel Kirkpatrick. manager of the Pal
ace Hotel, had been chosen, there was a
wail of despair. -.•_¦. -
. A stateman profoundly gifted in political
wisdom observes that every appointment
Is good as long as the one making it is
in power, but the torchbearers "and tho
club hustlers cannot. take this philosoph
ical view of the subject. In the estimation
of the push a good Harbor Commissioner
la one that stands ready to give the
patronage of the water front to the peo
ple who voted and shouted for Gage In
1898 and repeated the performance for Me-
Kinlev In 1000. Colonel Klrkpatrlck may
be loyal, just and patriotic, but to the
push he is out of sight and inaccessible.
Appointee Asserts That He Is a
Straight-Out Republican, With
out Silver Tendencies — Push
Politicians Indignant.
Credentials to J. C. Kirk
patrick as Harbor Com
missioner on File.
GAGE PRODUCES
THE COMMISSION
THE SAN ¦¦¦;¦ FBANCISCO CAX.U, FRIDAY, MARCH 29, 1901.
Tanks With a Capacity of Six Thousand Gallons and
the Necessary Furnaces Will Be Put In.
TOWBOAT RESCUE IS BEING
FITTED WITH OIL FURNACES
L
5
Steamer.
Destination.
[Sails.
Pier.
«,' _^^ ?, . ¦ ¦• March 20.
Jjorth Fork... Humboldt ..........
£.«X;. " As torla & Portland
Corona Newport ,....
£°"?™ a Sydney & Way Pts
Pomona Humboldt
San Pedro.... Humboldt :
March SO.
Xome City.... Humboldt I ......
Acapulco Panama & Way pt
Oaellc China and Japan..
Czarina..;.... Seattle & Tacoma.
Point Arena.. Point Arena .'
March 31.
Santa Rosa... San Diego .";..
April 1.
Eureka Humboldt
Walla Walla. PuRet Sound Ports.
G. Dollar Grays Harbor ....
. April 2.\ ;
Empire. Coos Bay>
Argo Coquille River ...'.
Mandalay.... Coquille River ....
Bonlta.: NewDort
Roanoke...... N. Y. via Panama
April 3.
Acme Tlllamook; Bay ...|
Columbia..... Astoria A Portland
Fulton........ Grays Harbor ....
Queen, San DIejro .........
April 4.
Arequlpa Valparaiso & Way
Arcata........ Coos Bay,.
9 am
U am
9 am
8 pm
3 pm
10 am
i
1 • '. I
10 am
12 m
1 pm
5 pm
2 pm
I 9 am
112 m
ill am
I , 6 pm |
Pier 2
Pier 24
Pier 11
Pier 7
Pier 9
Pier 2
i •
Pier 3
PMSS
PMSS
PJer*8
Pier 2
I Pier 11
Pier 13
Pier- 9
Pier 2
i i
10 am
2 pm
— pm
fl am
2 pm
i
Pier 13
Pie* 2
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 16
I !
|12 mi
111 am
S pm
9 am
Pier 13
Pier 24
Pier —
Pier 11
\\i'"in
Pier —
Pier 13
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Hyadea. Seattle Mar *»
Curacao Mexican Ports ...; Mar! 29
Nome City...... San Diego Mar! a
Milton S»analmo Mar 19
Wellington..... Oyster Harbor Mar 23
DclNorte Crescent City Mar" 29
Leelanaw Seattle . Mar- "0
Hongkong Mar. China, and Japan ...I Mar' 30
Pentaur Hamburg & Way Ports Mar. 50
Arequlpa Valparaiso & "Way Pts Mar. 30
Eureka Humboldt Mar 30
Mandalay CoquiUe River Mar 30
ArKO..^... £<*!"«»• River ......... Mar! 30
Grace Dollar... San Pedro..*; Mar 31
Kyarven.. Xanalmo Mar 31
Chas. D. Lane.. Seattle Mar
Columbia........ Portland and Astoria.! Mar! 31
Acme Tillamook Bay ..Mar 31
En £« Acapulco • Mar. 31
Honita Newport Mar •»
Mackinaw Seattle ...... . I.".""" A nr 3 J
Empire... Coos Bay,.... '"' Apr l
Fulton.. Grays Harbor .../.....'. Aor" 1
Pomona.......^. Humboldt .|Anr 1
UmatlUa. p UK et Sound Ports AvV "
Arcata... Coos Bay .. .Y.\".[[IW.Y. aIV 2
Mariposa. ...... .Honolulu '..!!. Apr 3
Corona Newport Anr" 1
Crescent City... Crescent Cltv .. . Anr 1
Pn£t°Af V n ney * p*. nam ? & Way Por^ A P r * 3
Point Arena Point Arena \nr i
Santa Rosa San Diego !.' Apr! «
Time JTlmej
Date— — Ft. — —I Ft. |
L. W H W .
29'..'. 1:10 2.7 7:04 6.1
20 ... .2:13 2.4 8:13 5.0
31 ... 3:02 1.9 9:11 5.1
1 ... 3:49 1.6 10:05 6.0
2 ... 4:3D 1.2 10:54
3 ... 5:06 1.0 11:39 4.9
. 4 ... 5:3S .0.7 12:24 4.8
Time : I Time
Ft.
l> W ,.•' H W
1:46 0.3 8:45
¦2:35 0.5 i 9:27
3:20 0.7 10:03
,4:00 1.0 10:38
4:32 1.3 11:07
S:01 .1.5 11:34
¦ 6:32 1.8 11-.&9J
Ft.
I
' 6.0
-5.2
6.4
6.4
.5.4
.5.4
B.4
Steamer.
Destination.
[Sails.
Pier.
«,' _^^ ?, . ¦ ¦• March 20.
Jjorth Fork... Humboldt ..........
£.«X;. " As torla & Portland
Corona Newport ,....
£°"?™ a Sydney & Way Pts
Pomona Humboldt
San Pedro.... Humboldt :
March SO.
Xome City.... Humboldt I ......
Acapulco Panama & Way pt
Oaellc China and Japan..
Czarina..;.... Seattle & Tacoma.
Point Arena.. Point Arena .'
March 31.
Santa Rosa... San Diego .";..
April 1.
Eureka Humboldt
Walla Walla. PuRet Sound Ports.
G. Dollar Grays Harbor ....
. April 2.\ ;
Empire. Coos Bay>
Argo Coquille River ...'.
Mandalay.... Coquille River ....
Bonlta.: NewDort
Roanoke...... N. Y. via Panama
April 3.
Acme Tlllamook; Bay ...|
Columbia..... Astoria A Portland
Fulton........ Grays Harbor ....
Queen, San DIejro .........
April 4.
Arequlpa Valparaiso & Way
Arcata........ Coos Bay,.
9 am
U am
9 am
8 pm
3 pm
10 am
i
1 • '. I
10 am
12 m
1 pm
5 pm
2 pm
I 9 am
112 m
ill am
I , 6 pm |
Pier 2
Pier 24
Pier 11
Pier 7
Pier 9
Pier 2
i •
Pier 3
PMSS
PMSS
PJer*8
Pier 2
I Pier 11
Pier 13
Pier- 9
Pier 2
i i
10 am
2 pm
— pm
fl am
2 pm
i
Pier 13
Pie* 2
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 16
I !
|12 mi
111 am
S pm
9 am
Pier 13
Pier 24
Pier —
Pier 11
\\i'"in
Pier —
Pier 13
Time JTlmej
Date— — Ft. — —I Ft. |
L. W H W .
29'..'. 1:10 2.7 7:04 6.1
20 ... .2:13 2.4 8:13 5.0
31 ... 3:02 1.9 9:11 5.1
1 ... 3:49 1.6 10:05 6.0
2 ... 4:3D 1.2 10:54
3 ... 5:06 1.0 11:39 4.9
. 4 ... 5:3S .0.7 12:24 4.8
Time : I Time
Ft.
l> W ,.•' H W
1:46 0.3 8:45
¦2:35 0.5 i 9:27
3:20 0.7 10:03
,4:00 1.0 10:38
4:32 1.3 11:07
S:01 .1.5 11:34
¦ 6:32 1.8 11-.&9J
Ft.
I
' 6.0
-5.2
6.4
6.4
.5.4
.5.4
B.4
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Hyadea. Seattle Mar *»
Curacao Mexican Ports ...; Mar! 29
Nome City...... San Diego Mar! a
Milton S»analmo Mar 19
Wellington..... Oyster Harbor Mar 23
DclNorte Crescent City Mar" 29
Leelanaw Seattle . Mar- "0
Hongkong Mar. China, and Japan ...I Mar' 30
Pentaur Hamburg & Way Ports Mar. 50
Arequlpa Valparaiso & "Way Pts Mar. 30
Eureka Humboldt Mar 30
Mandalay CoquiUe River Mar 30
ArKO..^... £<*!"«»• River ......... Mar! 30
Grace Dollar... San Pedro..*; Mar 31
Kyarven.. Xanalmo Mar 31
Chas. D. Lane.. Seattle Mar
Columbia........ Portland and Astoria.! Mar! 31
Acme Tillamook Bay ..Mar 31
En £« Acapulco • Mar. 31
Honita Newport Mar •»
Mackinaw Seattle ...... . I.".""" A nr 3 J
Empire... Coos Bay,.... '"' Apr l
Fulton.. Grays Harbor .../.....'. Aor" 1
Pomona.......^. Humboldt .|Anr 1
UmatlUa. p UK et Sound Ports AvV "
Arcata... Coos Bay .. .Y.\".[[IW.Y. aIV 2
Mariposa. ...... .Honolulu '..!!. Apr 3
Corona Newport Anr" 1
Crescent City... Crescent Cltv .. . Anr 1
Pn£t°Af V n ney * p*. nam ? & Way Por^ A P r * 3
Point Arena Point Arena \nr i
Santa Rosa San Diego !.' Apr! «
•61 pep Year.
THE WEEKLY CALL
OR. CBOSSMAH'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
For the . cure of GONORRHEA. GLEETS.
STRICTURES anc\~3 nalosous complaints of Um
Organs of Generation.
Price II a bottle. For sal* by drucxlsts.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INViaORA-
tor and Nervine.
- The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases ot the Kid-
ney* and Bladder. Sells on its own . merits.
- NABER. ALFS & - BRUNE. Agents.
3*3 Market St.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
' <SS!h» Ean franciaco, Dec. 24, I3C0.
WLShm To a11 w hom u may concern:
I In December. 1S39. I was taken
1 b fi » *'ck with Black Typhoid Fever.
TLj, 7 th* most virulent type known
¦K li' to medical science.' I had hem-
- ™»lEjL orrhages, both nasal and tntes-
mnfWWfUVf tical. elsht of the latter occur-
535*W/ r j¥\V in * ln one d »y- Dc Won*
'mWVulMMK* Woo. the eminent Chinese phy-
sician, was called. ' and -with one dose of hN
tea stopped the flow of blood, thereby savin;
my life, as I had been given up by. my whtt«
physician, as well as by all' my friends. Was
unconscious four weeks, but by Dr. Won* Woo' 9
wonderful skill he saved my life from this moat
tatfU of all fevers. Although I was confined to
my bed three months, was able to resume my
vocation in six months from the time I went to
bed. and now I weigh 203 pounds, more than I *
had ever attained previously: ¦. I would cheer-
fully recommend Dr. Won? Woo to any one In
need of a flrst-rlaas physician for any. cause
whatsoever.— RALPH N. FOLJCS. 313 Golden
Gat* ave.. San Francisco. Cal. . ¦. "
DS. W0N3 WOO TEA A9D HERB 8A5 ITABIUJL
T84-7M CLAT STftlST.
World Famous Mariani Tonic
REFUSE SUBSTITUTES. Vin Ma-
riani is on sale at drujr stores throush-
out the world. The public is esoecially
cautioned against substitutes and imi-
tations attempted owing to the popular-
ity of Vin Mariani.
All Druggists. Refuse Substitutes.
Jf Vallens Cigars 'g'SBBl B^&fEkAD^SSlSyi Easter Novelties %
%f ¦ - »3 wBB^ s\t\ff lyio ¦ . ¦•'¦-' c
tl The regu'ir large 2-fjr-zsc sir:. B rfgn'Rwifr ftffly?>»'*- S R * i! « tf » D« cIc »» Ge«e, Chiciens, .%
for Friday and Saturday only. d CAL , F o RN i A^ < tARaEST--AJVlERICA-S ORANDEST VoRE Eggs, Etc.. *
I The Veiling Event $1, $1.25 New Waists,*
I of the Year. Special at 79c. |
fS ; Manufacturer's over production sale ol mere than 3000 As*ortrd let New Shirt WVsts; fancy *triped gingham, white and 'grass X_
JC ' "• -a''- hfah rbttc Dnft/*rn VptU ' doth;- embroidered and tucked; these are all < V^ r J Jf
&* r~ \, — — «*&f<) , • --r, ' i • new '» l " 1$ « fa S3n s waists, that retail rcgu.arly / Sfll£^. |-<5^fy •*
«? i^iffl^P^m made m France and lm- for *i-oo and Friday and A cB^^^^^ *
*2 y^n^^^^^^^^h^S^^i^jrr\V cnc^ or t^' s s:ason ' s Saturday only special at *f +F*M g^^Wf- '%
*¦' 1^^'|*^-v®^^^^ :i vV§^^ s ' : '^ n 8' l^ e C^°i ccst in^ 5'8 New Dress $!2.50— Fins" V'enitian AU- J^^/ \^ ?J
£ '^TOI'^^C^'^-^^ T best lot ' of Veils ever Wool Dr«s, latest Eton itjle; plain yr^rK^f^E^?V S
I -^^^^/ °h?bf E tr cials " 5by K^7''W c "'HlT/jWm^B\^
y Lot I—800 superb qua*it*e5 of Ch-ffln Veils, borders finished w'th hem ony &1 2 SO^j\jlM}/it^\ f H -fc 5
Jf and cntre veil edged w th doub'e row of herr.Btitching; black, white ' "f^ *'********* if
S and magpie; actual value 51.25 each, sale price Friday "A "9** $2.25 Fancy Petticoats $1.39— Near /&$$PiX2'j 9
J» • and Saturday only. . . . ....*.......... . .7.'. . . . %$ a C Si k arid Near Satin New Fancy '' , J /LJ>_'S*Ujy S
I Ut'2— 1200 i^ C^cola^ h l'^r&^c^ Z & f
If tern Veil,; sik-fimshed bprders; MottrTitjflei back, white and fched with ruffl/d edge, regularly $j.» 5 , Friday and 4O 5
Jf .magpiej. actual . Talus • 75c each, Friday and Saturday «JF fi . Sltnrday on!y .\....... .. ............ $!*&%? $
on.y................ ............. «9 M Cr J5 New JacVetj $9.95_Fine Englkh taa eorert, «H wool, be«t ihads {£
5 Lot 3—1100 B'ack Tuxedo Complexion : Pattern Veils; Kack velvet . of tan; new l'AJglon velvet collarj double - breaitei box ftontj m
I*, fpotand finished with velvet spot border; actual vaue m 9 mm ¦ cumd-in Ioo«e back; regu-'arly $15, Friday and df*i% QK J
It 75ceach, Friday anl Saturday only ..........;.... . ¦ & *f C Sa'urday only . &&******* 5
I Men's Pants Less Than Half* t
at To-day and until closing time Saturday we offer the sample )ine of Men's Trousers, made by the celebrated Ox *
J Breeches Mfg. Co., at Jess than- half their regular prices* They «e the stoutest panu J
» made, cut large in leg and h : p, and ths makers give another pair free if they rip in the seams; the material ire S
»? Cassimercs, Cheviots, Worsteds and Corduroys, in medium and heavy weight. Sizes 30 to 36 inch jg
i . '&& \ wa i st 0Tii Y> excepting the grade which we sell for J2.68, which runs to 40 waist. The best bargains J
** V^k 1H tr ° users ih at tve'v: evzr offered. Every pair at less than half regular price. x
I /gMt^S. Pants $1.23. ftgg Pants $1.79. \
S^^f- .-. $3,00.. rants .9 A9Q*. \ . j
i P\%i $15 Suits Boys' $5 and $6 $15 Overcoats x
i ywM, $11.25. Vestee Suits $11.25. H
J* \r ! \lj' ' Friday and Saturday Only.: , $2*38* ¦ Friday and Saturday Onlv. \\
J II If 1 Men's Spring and Sjmmer Sack Friday dild Saturday OttlV. Your unreserved choice of any $i $ i
* " : U* -Suii; tingle or tousle breasted coiti; . For boys i to 8 yeir ? ; fine all-wool Otercoat in our Clothing Depart-
*, V. \l cutaway frocks; rtvlishly designed; hand chevictJ \^ <as$ ; roerM . i n gray., mtnt zt onO-VUafton Off I
t li 1 \V tailed; made of aU-wool worsteds browns, tans and lancy mixtures; with POgutaf JpfiCOS. AU the \
ft rA, cheats and casimtresm new nobby, handsome douWe or single breasted lilk new shades of Oxfords, corert, and I
£ <&* ' VL ¦ e C i tS; thC m"/ **? "", be vets; th: same suits that are sold regu- k«*y«. So™ sdk lined through- I
S. • , S9 • mide to "t** 1 for **5» for two larly by m at <c and *6- for two days out - Product of th* belt minufactur-
£ OHO- quarter Off. only *t abOUt half. ing talors in America. A
ti ' J< . .. • 4* : ¦' • -f 1 1
$ — - — --• ,..¦¦' — ~. .'. .. .: .- . . . . —
%\ SOC ChGViOt Millinery Novelties* Cake Plates 21 Cm \j
*' M $7.50, $10, $15* Carlsbad Chna, .^-^ 1
& 32 Cm \ '¦¦ For to-day and to-morrow we havc feS t^ e 'ii*^f /^^^^^\ H
i Friday and Saturday. rcad/ ano . thcr Iot ofrcmarkab:c deration, loi /fw™*^h \\
£': ' ' values in new Trimmed Hats. with open han- )MI( \ir\ \\
JS Another of the big Store S popular : J^^%2^ Bit^r than these, dlts, fine plates S%M * ,-Jlrl l\
i» dr*ss goods sales to-day and to- nf/&\tyj£a&%l moxc lt y^ 3^ ats tfiat wou ' d c l^\*J< f ,«t3 .^l/Y/ I I
S morrow, when we will offer iooo sfiSikf&tffffl than tkcsr ' havc lh;ap a: 3 ° c KA^S^^f/ \\
£ Cheviots, every thread of which is • 515 ones are all o# I |
J' wool. The plain will make splen- New York Pit- 21 C j J
*" aid wrappe s, and the mixtures are T s$Bfc& tfrn Hat«, and are ¦ — If
J especially adapted for Misses' Suits, lif «% worth from GrOCCry SpCCJafS, /
5> J • i r 11 • \ - / J5 to J7.50 mere ••»._•_;-?.•'.. f
» either for school, or outing wear. J^^a ' than -we as'< for Fresh Crcaxntry Butter— Ths vsry I
S»v Regular 50c .quality; to-^^ • them. As fcr tht fc cst qua Uty, regular sfe« squares; /}
J. day and Saturday, per yard 32C $7S° anl IO Hats, th:y are copieiof the -, . , *b*r% H
J» ! } V } v *-*» b.autilul moJe> costins t*i« thae prices. on special sale to-day «Q^j |
$ Muslin Wear Sale* Mexican Sombreros a "£ j'^y, » tins .... I
I' Infanti' Long Slips, ._ ,. fl.^O* >; 2 So II
K ' #f%\ with hemstitched ruffle Children i real M:x- s?\ Stt:td Ralsint— i-!b packages, 3 fsr..25o \\
5* - W- *. at neck and cuffs ' rffg - Car ' 8 ' Ur °^ n /ll e A Deviled Ham— To-day only, tia «£ o \l
J yl. ularly45c; special to- impoitition, nice . ¦¦JzZrj.'A; Cream Cheese— Be:t qua it/ C^lifornii; s .D
£ /Wl . ...25c gg^gg Ton-a'oes-B.r.o-idpic'.; 3^....gff O I
S <^Jj Ladies' Muslin fi BC > l,iv, nke 5^ o . r% . - l\
i: /ffWT' Shirts, with deep ruf. picture.. Spedal Safe Of
' mp ":¦ III'' i*\ fle and flounc: cf . . . *** m Mm m ' *W t . 1
K // / 1 '\ detp, fin; embroWer>; Tui*lfi«ih TnWt*lo 19g* riSnitlff TBCKle*
J . ( / las under ruffle and 'UrKISIt I OWdSIZG MoB|fa AprJ1 f>
tf ¦ /-I !• 1 dust ruffle, full width; Not the kind th»t is* manufacture J for appear- Begin it with o.ie of thi good Split Bamboo I
K iWtTTpTfV prCe $=S5» ance, but a towel that. is. mw'e for wear and Rods, which we illu trats at the right of
i T ' '/Wfftri$X% and ncver 8o!d for - e »; hard nsa 6=- The warp is double threaded, this «'ad," and which wil fce on special
X &yly/ • III 1YVW s P e c ' a l t °- di y cnl ? • ths nip c '° e and soli<1 » a#Zi ** szz incbci » »'« t°-**y only, each _ _ \
fc* ( r nly two to a CUS- a J2.00 per doz-n valu;; en sp-- . . " OOG 'rl
Jf . >vOgT* .. tomer ) "iff Off dA " le t °' day only ' ' ach ••••• '. dgG *'- »"» thre*c-pi«e fl)*cV bait "rod," io fcet long, j '
jf ..^¦•"•' »' • mm' ' «« cxtra n P* n'ckel mounted, tie guard 1 and j J
" ' — — — — — — LatfieS HlOSe 11C* wrapping, ccrlc grasp, re:l seat belovr l«
•£ LiUUOl* SSJCGialS* Mjc ° cotton . «'3rrantrd fist blatk, Richel'ea th; hini - Thci = rods a ' e P u: u ? "> * \J|
I) ru 3 wmV.» a ri j ' »^ d , high 8pl'«d he els, doub'e wlej, fu'J wood form, with cloth hag. H
» Champion Whiskcy-A wel -known and Kzm , a % J £Ood ttock ': n fm ' We x'ro offer weD-maie red. at these special tt,
% > po F uar brand that tel!s regular y$ 3.00 a • th s dav on'v per ra'r ' 11 C F"'c«. <V to-dav only: l\
y E al!on; on special sale to-day (Friday) only "" , y mj '.f" P ar - .•...¦•••• **V I0^ Bra i, R L yarfg Qq R\
V /- ' ••: .••Vi-'-r- Ji • S2*40 99/t 15c Brais CickRerl*63yardi f J O fA)
5 Crystaized Rock and Rye-Rrgularly 95c <*<3C* 15c Nickel Qck R~l, 4 yatdi.. fOo W
If a botte;. special to-day on.y .-..-.-. . 69O Th: 5-qaart she, made of best grad: enameled 50c Ni:kel Adjustible Cick Rc;l, 6a yards U
fc L'ebig's Malt Extract— The celebrated tonic; it.-el ware, long haniled, conv:r shape, » " 32c ffo
J, regubrly /2.40 per dozen; . to-day only < with cover; regu'any 50c; to ~ ¦ mmm* 5°c Nickel MultipVy AdjustibL: CUcfc and W
It .....:. 91.75 day only, each .......... JJC Drag Reel, 40 3 ards 3SO \
\**^W***\*\*m^^
THE EJOPOEIUM.
TKB EaEPOBXUM-
THE EMPORIUM.
,"I'_^XS2S2S«S- OCGOOCOOOOOOOOOSOOOOOOOOOOOOO o oo °°°°ooooooo
-ro'rrn^^ 000000000003000000000000000000 000000000
;°°:"°° ooooococooaooooo <'ooo3oeoooooooooo«oooooooooooooo
rr®S«XS2«2S 0 * CCOOOOOOOOOOOOC3000oooooo °° 00 °°°°°°oo°o°°°°
;l^_ l^_o_c_c_ :^ j: _oo_2_£_2^_P 0000000000 Oo 000000000000000000000000000
MARCH THIRTY-ONE
cdccoooooocooooooooooooooooco oT7o"oT"oTTo'oTroT^K??o"o l oT^^57o'
oc 00 co oc coo oeooooooooooooco o= 000000000000000000000000000
SOOCCOOOOOOOOOOOOCOOOOOOOOOCSOOOOOOOOCOOOOO OjO OOOOOOOOOOO
CCCOGOOCOOOOOOOOOOCOCOOCOOO OO OOOOOOOOO OOOO-C OOOOOOOOOOOOO
ccccoocoocooc c . ——i—. _ 3 ooooooooooooo
ooooooeooooooc '• aooooooooooooo
ooocoooooooooc -_ _ __ ¦ ..v; t ., -±. >.*¦;¦-; - -;, 30 o 00 000000000
ooeooooooooooe \/gTT Hvt\A1*TAn A/% 00060000000000
n:nn::nn; m J Experience isssssssssssss
oooeoooooooooc .• jooooooooqoooo
OOOOOOOOOOOOOC . • -^-_ I.— *": OOO OOOOOOOOOOO
iocooooooooooc 7lX^ 30000000000000
ccocoooooooooc; • U.1J Vt oooobooooooooo
oooeoooooooooc;
occcoooooooooc, . ¦"«''"' 00000000000000
oocccfeoooooooc iV/i *?kr%ri >xMTn 00000000000000
'.occcooooooooc lVlClIlQurill -.cooccoooooooo
occccocooooooc **^**»» >«.^««. uk 00000000000000
OCOCCOOOOOOOOC OOOOOOOOOOOOOO
0 O OOOCOOCOOOOC J OOOOOOOOOOOOOO
z£^c£^v£<^£^ /ITlfi 00000000000000
oc cooococooooc Ti/j" A • 4. o o o o o o~6"o~cf do o o~b
OCOOCOOOOOOOOC IVI17 APAI 17ilT%Jmm OOOOOOCOOOOOOO
COOOOOOOOOOOOC ifXy JrlVUVCllllt "" OOOOOOOOOOOOOO
:soocooooocoo: \J I. ¦• - 00000000000000
COOOCOCOOOOOOC OOOOOOOOOOOOOO
CCOCCO0CO0O00S mm/IA V Tvfi* OOOOOOOOOOOOOO
oeoooooeoooooc FlllPfr' VvTI H oooooooooooooc
o o c c o 000000 ooc V*AJL^^%^ , TI iill • oooooocooooooo
OOCOOOOOOOOOOC ..-, , OOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OC C 0 C OOOOOOOOC _ # __ fW 30000000000000
occccoooocoooc I jf tT%ifV%f\ I n9ITl/C oocooooooooooo
oocooooooooooc Jji £i, Lilly vlidliy • oooooooooooooq
COOCOOOOOOOOOC . iJ^ . y|^ OOOOOOOOOOOOOO
CCOCOOOOOOOOOC j "OOOOOOOOOOOOOO
:000000000000c tv AUGUiT CHAMOT * oooooooooooooo
gococcoooooooc "* "«->yv-»* ~r .y*' oooooooooooooc
ooooccoe.fi 0000 c .00000000000000
».-. 01-. r^nnnnnnnnc: _.. _. * OOOOOOOOOOOOOO
0OC0CCO0O00OO00OOCOCOOO&0 OOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OOOOCCOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO CO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
o o o 000000000 0.0 oooooooooooooooooo 0000000000 o'o 000000000000
THE STORY OF THE THE MAN ON THS THE SUICIDES OF THE
i FIRST AMERICAN IN LOOKOUT. ' BAY
j HA VAIL HCTION,. FASHIONS. CHILDF EN'S FOBES FOR
HON. JOHN W.FOSTER, BOOKS. HOLY THURSDAY
I THE MAN. PACES OF HUMAN IN* PROCESSION. ;
I ByLewdlOthKecse. TEREST STORIES . \ THE CALL LEADS ALL
T!^^^^^T?^^^^r^a^o^^^^oo 000000 00 oooooooooooooooooo 0.0 0000000
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo 00 00000000000000000000000
'eooooeoooo 00 ooocoooooooooooo 000000000000000000000000000
-0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
""^nnnoQOOOOOOOOO^OOOOO 000000000000000000000000000000rulton Ferryboat, Built in 1827,
Coronado Beach, Tent City.
Coroiitdo Beach; • California,^ will open th» 1901
summer * season '/June 1 1st. »i .Write j for ' a : de
¦crtptlva i pamphlet. E.'" 8. ; Babcock. Coronad<x*
Cil.
The New Whatcom baker who, under the inspira
tion of the biblical injunction to have no heed of the
morrow, has given all of his savings to a theological
institution, may have reason to regret some day what
he did yesterday,.
CAiLirOBNXA^B IMT WASHTTTGTON
WASHINGTON,; March 28.-rThe-follow
ing Callfornlans are- In .Washington: ; At
the Ebbitt. W." J. 1 Currier of L«« Angeles
*t;tha 'Arllnsrton, ': J.*. C. - Branner of Stan
ford fXJnlversity. California^
OAIrirOKNIANS IN NEW.Y0BK.
NEWi YORK, ; March 28.-^-The following
Calif ornians are * in New York :t From San
Francl8co^M.j Harrlion^and Mrs. ; M. C
Harrison are at the Imperial. C.'W.s Jud
son Is at the ' Astor," Mm. 1 LKKskett" is "at the
Manhattan, J.*' R.' Philips and H. F.' Dodge
are at the Imperial, J; E. Ttlest Is at the
Arlington ; and : J. > E. *: Mannheim is at the
Herald Square. . V: -
. The student manage'r ; of the Stanford publication
who has been removed from hrs position' for, printing
saloon advertisements; will . probably ; the
story, of the; disaster which came to a young'man who
had the temerity to; walk'. underra;beer^sisrn.;.
In his communication to' our Government setting
forth the reasons why; Great Britain cannot accept th'e
Nicaraguan r treaty proposed by;: the Senate ; Lord
Lansuowne ; says : -: -"His . Majesty's Government
throughout .these negotiations gives evidence of its
earnest .desire to meet the views of the United States,"
and we can all -be glad he was considerate enou*gh Y to
say it, for we would n.ever Have known it otherwise.*
. Another scandal ' has arisen in connection with tha
financial administration of Cuban affairs under Amer
ican direction. Perhaps if} Uncle Sam were ''to; erect
a penitentiary for. the exclusive accommociation of his
servants something more _ 'satisfactory j than regrets
would be the result. HHBE9ftfi8B9HMiSII
In the last Presidential election Me Kin
ley received 142,500 more vote* than all hi*
competitors collectively. • 7.
Special' Information supplied dally to
business houses and public ' men by th*
PTess Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-.
comery tt. Telephone Main 1042. • •
Cal. rlace fmlt 50c per lb at Towoseaa**.*
Choice candles, Townsend's. Palace Ho tsi •
A CHANGE TO SMILR
"I looks as if Edwin Markham can't
write good poetry itmong those effete
Eastern surroundings. None. of. his later
poems comes up to the 'Hoe.* " ¦ •
"Case of 'Westward Hoe,' eh?"— Post
Dispatch. * . ,
t "She's from Boston." ,'
•. "I thought you told me you never saw
her before this minute." * • ¦ •¦'
'JTrue, . but I just now heard her call
those- mountains in Asia th© Ile-mol
yaws.'.'—Judge.
• "D!d ypu know that Mrs. Skinner has
pneumonia and is not expected to live?"
"No; how did she take coldr*
"She got. her feet wet going round try
ing to find where she could buy a pair of
goloshes cheapest."— Tit-bits. .'
xri' S 5 y i<^ Vea !?Y fc 61 "*' 8 an item that says
n r^0 fc 0& rd to 1S pa? l^is Sebtf"
"W«ll, now, ain't it ' a shame dat he's
$ot to go to de legislachoor for°a trifle
Tike dat! Why. say. I'd let Eddie old
t b £S',H??S If mMe , W lf me 'tuff wasn't ail
pafch B trust -"-Pi«sburg Dls-
V The Wife— I do believe I would fall deal
evening Wer ° to c ? mo hom « early »oma
.The Brut e-You. will have to offer a
gwgr bribe J than that.-lndlan.apol!s
, n |eeker-Where did the' first trust orlg
; Sageman— In^Rhode Island. 1 believe,
of that ?~ Rhodo Island • Are you sure
. Sagenian-Qulte positive; as far back
as I can remember there has alwavs been
a ¦ trust in , Provldence.-BMto* Airier?
; <™ a fi PaP* 00^ 1 t° you. Harry r
•Well, he showed me a sort of long-dls
ta sh C i_W lal t y - -^ cag0 Record
Sne— John. 0 I've called vou till "I'm tlrefl
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. WYA. Hendryx of Los Angeles is at
the Palace. , . •
G. B. McCord of Hanford Is a guest at
the Grand.- . . •
L. T.'_ Reed, an oil man of Reedly, Is at
the Grand. . '
Fred Foster, an oil man of Hanford, is
at the Irlck.
Clio -Lloyd of Santa Barbara is at the
Occidental. . A
Judge J.;H. Sewell of Ukiah Is a guest
at the Grand.
Samuel Leask, a merchant of Santa
Cruz, is ; at .the, California. - '
"•iw.i F. • Kennedy, of Lbs Angeles regis
tered at the Palace yesterday.
G.L.' Tracy, a commission man and cap
italist of Helena, is a guest at the Occi
dental. 1
:;C.H.W.i Norton, a planter of Honolulu,
returned , f rom : = New • Tork \ yesterday and
Is at the California. ; \ . ' ' 5 ;¦
' ¦ George W. -Dickie, superintendent of the
Union • Iron ; Works, • is^ staying for ; a few
days at the" Calif ornla. . . . ' L . , '
% Major" John * McBride, "organizer :' of, the
Irish brigade' in' the service of the Boera,
wttT arrive inUhe- city j shortly -as a guest
of I the '; Knights of ' the Red ; Branch. • He
will attend 'the annual excursion ; of the
aociety ¦ at V Shell j Mound ', Parkron { May 5
and will- make an address.* Major McBride
is a'cousih'of the;Rev.;lVC. Yorke. *
HO1T0BS WELL WON
BY ALDEN ANDERSON
"We believe that th« Hon. Alden ,Ander
son of Suisun returned from his legisla
tive duties at Sacramento to his Solano
home a more popular man than when the
session began. True, his dafeat for the
Speakership of tbe Assembly seemed to
embitter him overmuch for a while but
that, it later on developed, was eau3»fj
not so much by his failure to land the
coveted prize as by the treatment 1 »
was accorded bv man in whom he had
put his trust. But ail trace of ill-feciine
disappeared completely after the first two
or three weeks, and among: the seventy
nine Assemblymen none were more
genial, accommodating and active in th<>
discharge of his duties than was Mr
Anderson. He is certainly deserving o?
the respect in which ae is held, not only
by his fellow legislators but by all thosa
who possess the pleasure of his acnuant
ance. Here's luck to "Anderson of Oo
lano." the first name on the clerk's list.—
Marysville Appeal.
WORKING IN SILENCE.
Q" ENATOR MORGAN just before leaving Wash-
ington addressed to the editor of the Marion
(Alabama) Standards letter upon the subject
of regro disfranchisement, which has been recently
made public. It announced a policy of action and a
method of conducting: the campaign against the suf
frage of the black man that- merit the attention of
the whole country. The' Senator declares himself in
fevor of disfranchising the negro, but urges silence on
the subject. He argues that the general scheme for
suppressing the colored' vote is being, rapidly carried
out and that an agitation of the question would be
more likely to retard than to advance the movement.
His own words are worth noting. After stating:
"Since I saw you the whole country has made a 'great
and rapid advance in the direction of negro dis
franchisement," he goes on to say: "The apportion
ment bill and the counting of the electoral .vote,, with
out the question being raised as : to the constitution
ality of the Presidential election -in Louisiana and
Mississippi; is a' distinct victory for white suffrage.
Maryland has seen her opportunty and has hastened
to profit by it When things are coming our way
there is no necessity for clamorous discussion until
'they .are settled, lest some one might interrupt. So I
think the least said is the best just' now on the negro
question* Those people will begin to draw off to the
Philippines at an early date. They are already 'going
to Hawaii, and we shall soon find room for white
people in the South. Then we shall be a free and
happy people. When the time arrives I will elaborate
these views, but; at present it is better not to~discuss
them. We should take a lesson from the Cubans and
discuss the negro question with closed doors in our
convention. The silent progress we are making is
very encouraging." .
The silent progress" made toward the total.suppres
sion of the negro vote in, the South has indeed been
remarkable, and the silence has; been as . remarkable
as the progress. Here and there it js true a. voice of
protest has : been heard. . Upon many occasions The
Call has pointed out^the extent to which the negro
in several States has .been, deprived of his constitu
tional rights, and some of .the nibre • influential papers
in the East have also spoken out; but the issue has
never." been 'taken' up -.by the general public with any
thing like the earnestness it deserves. Congress has
dene nothing,and as Senator Morgan says the South
era States have been encouraged to go forward [with
Ihc scheme, until now even a border. State like 1 Mary
land has felt free to follow. 1 "the Mississippi plan."
Such beingthecase v Senator Morgan is astute if
not wise inVdvising "silence. He is quite right in as
serting: "When .thingsfare coming our way, 1 there. is
no necessity for clamorous .discussion." He is
The old familiar sound of "front" to the bellboys
of the Palace Hotel has ceased to have its charms.
Since Manager Kirkpatrick' has won gubernatorial
favor the cry is "water-front" or nothing.
• ¦ . - - —^
LfJWS AND CORPORATIONS.
RECENTLY the New Jersey Senate passed a bill
amending, the corporation laws in that Stat;
under circumstances which have given rise to
a good deal of discussion. At present the New Jersey
lew requires the consent of twb-thirds in interest of
tlit stockholders of a corporation before any radical
change can be made in its organization, any increase
ct its stock, or an3' alteration of its certificate of
incorporation. The amendment adopted by the Sen
ate provides that such changes may be made by two
thirds vote of the stockholders attending the meeting
2t which the vote is taken, even though they may
represent less than a majority of the capital stock.
Such an amendment would in itself be a subject
for comment even if no suspicious circumstances at
tended it, but in this case it is made worse by a re-,
port and a widespread belief that the change has been
dictated by the great steel trust of which the country
has heard so much ever since its organization.
At this distance from the State where the pro
pofe'd change is to be made it is not possible to pass
judgment upon the reported dictation of the stsel
t:nsL Even were there no such dictation the amend
ment would be bad. New Jersey's corporation laws
have long been so favorable to the organizers of such
bodies as to cause tht-m to resort to that State for
incorporation even when their business is to be car
ried on in other States. It is therefore plain that if
her-laws are to be amended in that respect they should
be changed in the direction of greater strictness rather
than of increased laxity, and very naturally the pro
pestd change has become the subject of distrust and
suspicion.
In this connection ;t is worth noting that in Great
T-ritain, where the evils resulting from corporation
methods of doing business have been as great a3
those in this country, there has been recently put into
operation a law designed to place such bodies under
much stricter regulations than . have heretofore ob
tained- From a summary of the law given in our
exchanges it appears that the most- important re
cuirement.of the new statute is absolute publicity of
all the actions of the directors. They are permitted
to do nothing in the dark, and any concealment of an
important act has the effect of nullifying the corpbra
ticn and putting the company under .the law that gov
erns copartnerships.
Another provision requires that , when articles of
incorporation specify that a director.njust'be a share
holder the requirement must be fulfilled literally.
Merely pro forma subscriptions, will not answer, and
a corporation which cccepts them vitiates its charter
ar.c! renders all of its members individually liable for
all debts incurred by The company without limitation.
It is further provided that no corporation. can begin
business or perform any corporate act until the num
ber of shares prescribed in its articles of incorpora
tion have been in good faith and fully subscribed for.
Failure to comply with that requirement renders the
promoters and organizers of the corporation liable
?o punishment for criminal offense.
It will be seen that while New Jersey is arranging
to give corporations « larger liberty' of action than
before the British have placed them under more strin
gent regulations. As the British" law did not go into
effect until three months ago it is too early to'deter
mine what will be its practical results. It appears,
however, to be a step in the right direction. Some of
the ablest men in the United States r/ave suggested
greater publicity as a remedy for the evils resulting
from corporations in this country, and it will there
fore be instructive to note the effects produced- by
that plan in Great Britain.
lie opinion and public ignorance may be
given a sentence - of Daniel Webster.
When John Adams died many of the
Legislature attended his funeral at
Quincy and they thriftily took occasion
to examine the Quincy Railroad, then
being constructed. Dr. P helps of the com
mission, an ardent enthusiast, was of
this party and pour*! into Webster's
ears all his hopes ana beliefs, to which
Webster answered: "Well, it certainly
is a subject for very grave consideration
whether roads for general travel cannot
be made . as you propose." This would
appear to be the most unsatisfactory and
least informed answer that could be
tfiven to any man ardent over a hobby;
but poor, dear- Dr.'.Phelns- ¦was accus
tomed to so much worse things that" he
/wrote letters saying he received from
this answer "great i encouragement and
satisfaction."
Chancellor Livingstone's Views.
Many of the great minds of the day
Joined In the hesitation of Daniel Web
ster. When De Witt Clinton, in 1842, was
urging the building of " the Erie canal.
Colonel Stevens of Hoboken outlined and
urged a scheme for a railroad as a sub
stitute. His | brother-in-law, Chancellor
Livingstone, who .was an enthusiast on
the subject of steamboats, thus wrote to
him in regard to it:
• I have read of your ingenious proposition,
but I fear the roads would be liable to serious
objections. They must be double to avoid the
danger of two such heavy bodies meetlnsr.
The -wall on which they ar» placed must be at
last four feet below the surface to avoid front
and three feet above to avoid snow, and must
b« clasped with iron, and even then would
hardly sustain s-> heavy a weight as your pro
pope moving' at the rate of four miles an hour
on wheels. As to wood, it would not last a
week. They must be covered with iron and,
that, too. very thick and otron*. The means
of stopping those heavy carriages without
great shock and of preventing them from run
nine on and over each other would be very
difficult. In case of accidental stops or neces
sary steps : to talc* ; wood I and , water accidents
would happen. The carriage of condensing
water would be very troublesome. On -the
other hand, the expense would be much rreater
than the. canal, without- being so convenient.
The brilliant editor of the Boston Cour
ier,' Joseph Buckingham, declared a rail
road from Boston to Albany "lmpraetica
ble by the simplest rules of arithmetic";
that it would cost as much as the mar
ket value - of all the land in Massachu
setts, and "every person of common sense
knows would be as useless as a railroad
from Boston to the moon."
Dr. Phelps and his colleagues, however,
made a report to the Legislature urging
the building of a railroad from Boston to
Albany; but while the Legislature shilly
shallied, the State not daring to build and
stock dawdling, other States
were at work, and Massachusetts never
regained the hold and start she then lost.
The New York Central had a road and, a
locomotive in 1831, and South Carolina had
a railroad and Baltimore and Philadel
phia, had charters and wero at work on
their roads. .
propelled by wheels worked by a shaft in
the center. turned by four horses walking
around the shaft. The fare In these was
4 cents to Brooklyn or Jersey City. The
City of New York issued a fractional cur
rency note for 4 cents .which bore on. the
reverse side . a very . good cut of an old
"horseboat." 1 The ferry boats invented by
Fulton were practically like the • ferry
boats now used. Fulton invented the en
tire ferry system as used to-day— ferry
houses with pivoted bridges and double
ended boats. . -' *
Biver ; and Canal Transportation.
On the great rivers primitive means of
transportation lingered long. The flat
boat* of the Alleehany and Ohio rivers,
the coal arks of * the TPelaware and-Sus
quehanna, the rafts of the Ohio, Missouri
and Mississippi, each were wonderful
links in internal commerce. The Upper
Mississippi I was fe. great- theater, of lum
ber rafting operations.
Though canals had been projected, in
Pennsylvania and Virginia with such
backers as Franklin and Washington, the
Middlesex canal, opened in Massachusetts
in 1803, was the first successful one. Other
snort canals were built in Maryland and
Pennsylvania, and soon the words. '.'Erie
canal" were In every one's mouth. , Tha
completion of this canal was a time of
great public rejoicing and celebration all
over the State of New York. Transporta
•tion at once was very heavy upon it, and
travel rapidly increased.' The old. saying.
"A cent and a half a mile, a mile and a
half an hour," was not literally true.
The best packet boats clipped through
the water at the rato.pf four miles an
hour; three horaes on the tow path to
each boat. Some people w»re satisfletl,
but others were not, and they turned to
the glorious stage coach. ..
The Day of Stage Coaches.
There had been ."state waggons" and
"stage chaises," . "stage chairs," . and
"§tag:e chariots" and "coachees." and
soon there were "flylngr mall stages," an-1
"flyfng' • machlnesr" but It wa3 not until
alter 1800 that there were the stage
coaches of story and romance, nor wxts It
until; after 1800 that thera was travel by
stage coach In any vast amount. When
steamboats from port to port shortened
jouri>eys every one wished to travel. A
journey : from. Nsw York to > Boston was
easy when you could go In a steamboat to
Newport or ?Providence arid then ride In
a well appointed coach to Boston. Turn
pikes-were built everywhere from town to
town and across country. The mosnin
cent National road,< DUllt first fronvCum
berland to Wheeling:, and -then extended,
had four splendid stage coach lines— the
National,: Pioneer, Good Intent- and Juno
Bug. The Eastern Stage Company in,
New England, a "truat'.' formed in ISIS,
had an , extraordinary career > of prosper
ity. Taverns sprung up everywhere, great
stables were built, scores of coaches were
bought and hundreds of horses. The great
coaching days of England were given
from 1820 to 1840: they were earlier in
America, from 1810 to 1838, when the Eajt-
r ~T~^ HANKS to the caution of "Governor Wells the
1 . pro-polygamy rneasure of the Utah Legislature
is defeated. But tb^ere is a singular concurrence
in time between the veto and the remarkable decision
of the Utah Supreme Court, to which we have already
called attention. That. decision has attracted no at
tention outside the State, except the- analysis of it in
this paper. If our readers will refer to that analysis
and compare it with the bill which Governor Wells
killed they will see at once that the judicial decision
is a better safeguard to polygamy than that of: the
proposed statute. The decision is that proof of a
ntan's lawful marriage in one county/of the State is
insufficient • to convict him of unlawful marriage in
another county. That stands as the law of Utah.
Under it a man may have a plural wife in every county
in the State and snap his fingers at prosecution.! Th.e
decision appeared between the time of the passage of
the Evans bill and its veto by the Governor, and to
have let the bill become a law would have been" a
surplusage. ¦ • . .. ¦¦
The text of Governor Wells' veto message is' highly
interesting. It is a vindication of polygamy. a's of
divine origin, and puts the Governdr at one with his
people, for. he proudly declares himself the product
of i\ polygamous union. In that personal view of it all
thinking people sympathize with him. Only the
fanatical and unreasonable would expect him to de
clare himself a bastard, nor does any one with a
knowledge of law believe that he is. The local law
s:u! practice of Utah sanctioned the institution cf
which he is the fruit, and'its issue, up to the time the
law. forbade it, was legitimate, even if slightly mixed.
But Governor Wells not only avows his pride in his
mixed' lineage,- but. he .nowhere in his message con
cedes the right of the law to forbid a similar lineage
to others.. It is hardly an nndertone in the;veto that
maintains the; divine "sanction ofpolygamy/whilc the'
proposed law is condemned only because its enac:
ment will cause an amendment to the Federal* consti
tution, which he declares will bring prosecution and
persecution down upon Utah with a heavy hand.
Governor Wells is a very bright man. Few States
have as bright men for Governor. But did he not see
that the sole reason he gives for vetoing the bill is
-an admission that polygamy is. still rife in his. State?
If no one is in polygamy how could an amendment to
"the Federal constitution become the means of prose
cuting or persecuting anybody? If his people are
innocent of thrs breach it would have been wise and
brave in him to have said: "We welcome an anti
polygamy amendment to the constitution, and io
prove that we are in good faith will vote to ratify
it." Such a declaration would disarm all criticism.
We leave out of the discussion the moral objection
to polygamy felt outside the Mormon church. xMuch
that has been said against it may be for effect, and
therefore pretentious and hypocritical; but Utah
desired admission into the Union and procured it by
making a. solemn covenant that polygamy, or plural
marriage "should.be forever prohibited." That means
forever abandoned, prevented, abjured and done away
with.^ / , • ,
Did Utah mean it? Did she act in good faith?
Those are the questions to be answered.' If she did
she' would be wise if she would herself propose the
anti-polygamy amendment to the constitution.' The
veto of the Evans bill-would better never 'have been
written than give the reason it does for b'eing written
at all. Instead of -being a pledge : of good faith, as
Governor Wells intended it should be taken, It is
proof positive of ba'd faith, and, taken in connection
with the Supreme Court. decision, establishes the ab
solute certainty that polygamy is in ' full 'swing again
in Utah, and that the only possible way. to suppress
it is to substitute for Utah's broken faith" the power
of - the Federal Government to enforce pledges and
punish those who break them. /We call the Mormons
to witness that for the recrudescence of this issue they
alone are responsible. •
Therest of the country gladly received ttieir great
pledge, appreciating^ the sacrifice it cost/ ThereVwas
a good spirit of forgiveness and f orgetfulness of the
past abroad- in the Union.
¦ If distrust have displaced trust, suspicion confidence,
ana contempt, for the pledge-breaker sympathy Tand
honor^for the pledge-maker," the Mormons, not the
Gentiles, are to blame. ,
THAT UTAH VETO.
The first quarter of the nineteenth cen
tury brought forth infinite Improvement
in works of travel and transportation.
The earliest excitement was in regard to
steamas a propelling. power. upo.n water.
In 1785 two men named. Fitch and Rum
sey had each ' apian- for a steamboat.
Fitch*, constructed a: boat' which made a
successf ur trip in 1788; but in spited his
Ingenuity and persistence he made small
progress on account of lack of funds. In
1804 Oliver "Adams had a. successful mud
scow, weighted: by the clumsy' name
Orunkter Amphibolis, which he skillfully
propelled I by [ steam on water and, when
fitted with wheels, on land. Colonel
Stevens of Hoboken also built a sturdy
steamboat -with side, wheels, v which went
from ! New York to Philadelphia by open
sea, but which was not permitted .to run
on the Hudson River on account' of a
monopoly given one Robert Fulton for
that tract of water.
R9bert "Fulton's : success was great.
Steamboats, ferry . boats, a ship-of-war,
soon were built under his direction.' At
that time I the ferry boats *. running from
New York to various points were what
were, known as "horsebbatB." They were
em Stage Company ceased to exist. Ruin
fell on many connected - with stage
coaches— owners, drivers, stablemen,
blacksmiths— for - the end of prosperity
came so suddenly that few heeded the
warning: words, "Look out for the en
gine." .
Doubtful as to Railroads.
• After the successful opening assured
the prosperity of the Erie canal, a canal
was planned by the State of Massachu
setts to extend from Boston to the Hud
son River; the coat was estimated at
JC.000,000. Of course, a lottery was sug
gested to raise this sum. While the Leg
islature was hesitating a Btronger power
than a . canal • had r been born ana was
growing. A ~ railroad party opposed the
canal party and an engineer named
Grldley Bryant, who had charge of the
making of Bunker Hill monument, built
to carry «*anite from Quincy to Boston
a horse " tramway four miles long. Thi3
granite railway was operated . for forty
years. The Inventor, Bryant, devised all
the appliances to .operate this railway
successfully, -such as the switch, port
able derrick, turntable, movable truck
for an eight-wheel car. These were pat
ented, buf Bryant died In poverty.
A commission of investigation as to
railroads was finally appointed In Mas
sachusetts, tout it met with intense con
servatism. As a typical example' of pub-
©fare I "^^^^^ <2feU»
FRIDAY .-. . ; MARCH 29, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELSs Proprietor.
idittn Ail £omm*sicaUnu it ff. S. LEAKS. K&ntgtr.' .
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Press 204
l'lDLICATlOX OFFICE... Market and Third. S. F.
Telephone Preii SOI. .
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Prcti 202.
DeUrered by Carriers. IS Cend Per Week.
Slnjrle Copies, S Cents.
Term* by Mail, Including Postage!
EAILT CALL. (including Sunday), one year t«.09
rA3LT CALL Oneludinr Sunday). ( roonth» ».M
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). S moatn* 1.60
DAILY CALL-By EIngli Month «5e
6UNDAY CALU One Tear. • J-SO
WEEKLr CALX* One Tear »•«•
All postmasters are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Catcpl* ecp!es will be forwarded when requested. .
Man «Bbscrtt*r» la rrdertnr change of »<J<lr«*« should be
j*rticu!xr ta give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a picrr.pt and correct compliance with their request
O A ivLA > O OFFICE . 777777771 .... X1X8 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.'
Kisirtr fertira Advertising, ffarjrttts Bsililsg. Cllcijn.
iLcrc Distance Telephone -"Central 2615."')
NETT TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOJf ....Herald Square
NEW TOHK KEPKESErCTATTVE:
STEPnEX B. SMITH SO "rlliune Bnlldlno:
NEVT TORK JCr~S BTANDS:
VTtZ&erf-ArXcT'.a. Hotel; A. Brent&na, a Union Eqnare;
kauray HIU Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ehertcan House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel. I
WASHISCTOJt <». C> OFFICE. . . .1-iOR G St., K. W.
MORTON E. CRANE. Correspondent.
BRA7VCH OFFICES— C7 Montgomery, ecrner ef-Qay. 'open
tjirtll S:SC o'clock. 3«0 Hayes, opes until 9:S0 o'clock- CS3
McAllister, open until 8:20 o'clock.' 615 Larkln. open until
*~0 o*clcck. 1811 Mission, open until M o'docte. 2261 Market.
eerier Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. JC9S Valencia, open
ertll 9 o'clock. 108 Elerenth. open until 9 o'clock. NTV. cor
tser T«rgnfT-F»crm*l wnd Kfntnckv. open until 9 o'clock.
THE CAPTURE OF AGUINALDO.
BY,, the capture cf Aguinafdp General Funston
has added another to the many feats of daring
and heroism that make up the record of his
strenuous life. * Moreover, he has given to the annals
of the American army another story ot individual
prowess that" will be l^ng remembered as an incentive
?o similar exploits on the part of others. The taking
of the 'Filipino chief in his stronghold, surrounded
by his guards, constitutes, in fact, a chapter in the
romance of history hjardly inferior to anything ever
before accomplished.
It is to be borne in mind that this feat was. not
performed in a mere display of courage. It. was not
like the deeds of valor done by men in European
armies in the eager desire to attain a cross, or 'a star,
or other insignia of honor. There was nothing of
vainglory in the motive that prompted it, nor was it
in any way a useless risk of life.' On the contrary, it
was a feat of arms undertaken for an important mili
tary purpose. Its accomplishment is of the highest
strategic value in the conduct of the war— far more
valuable, indeed, to American aims than would be
the taking of a Filipino fortress or the capture of a
dozen .towns. Aguinaldo "has been the strength of
the Filipino insurrection. He has been, according to
all reports, its head, its heart and its arm. His in
fluence only has held the insurgents together, inspired
them with hope and encouraged them to continue
their fruitless struggle against civilization. His cap
ture will result in such a demoralization of the .in
surgents as will render ineffectual any further at
tempts at continued resistance, and go far towatd
bringing about an immediate restoration of peace
under American rule throughout the islands.
The man who has accomplished this splendid stroke
of arms is a striking illustration of the saying of Dis
raeli, "Adventures are to the adventurous." It is a
common saying of our time that the ag« of romantic
adventure is over; that no one can now find the
opportunities for personal heroism that were so fre
quent in the days when civilization was less firmly
established and when security in life was largely de
pendent upon "the brave heart, the quick'eye and the
ready hand. Funston has shown by the indisputable
proof of things done that even in this age there is
ample room for the exercise of heroic qualities by any
man who has it in him to. exert them. He has been
an explorer in Alaska in the days before the rush of
multitudes for the gold fields made the Yukon Val
ley a well-trayeled road. He was a volunteer in
Cuba's war for liberty before the United States as a
nation took up her cause, and when at last the war
with Spain was undertaken he had already demon
strated his fitness for command.
— From- first to last he has teen the popular hero of
the war in the Philippines. The people, still remember
the story of the gallant dash by which he- led the
Twentieth Kansas Volunteers across the Rip Grande
in the face of an intrenched enemy, and how he was
wounded while leading the attack upon Santo Tomas.
His capture of Aguinaldo, therefore, does not come
as a . surprise to any one. In fact, when it was an
nounced beforehand that he-had planned the hazard
ous adventure and had set forth upon it with the ap
proval of General Mac Arthur there was a widespread
expectation that he would succeed.
While the capture of Aguinaldo breaks the strength
and the organization of' the existing opposition to
American rule in the Philippines, we must not assume
that there will, never • be anpther insurrection.
Whether or no there is to be a lasting as well as an
immediate peace in the islands will depend much more
upon "the political than upon the military officials.
A wisely directed and honestly administered govern
ment may render it impossible for. any other Filipino
to imitate Aguinaldo's career. Bad government,
however, will cause future Aguinaldos to rise again
and again against us even as they rose from" genera
tion to generation ag?.inst Spain. It therefore be
hqoves our authorities to make the best use of the
opportunity to establish a pgrmanent peace. Fun
aton has captured Aguinaldo; it is for others to profit
by the victory.
equally discreet- in urging 'that in the Alabama con
vention the. negro j question beVdiscussed with closed
doors. "-: The disfranchisement of ; the negro is, in fact,
one ofthe movements of the time that "dare not meet
debate and discussion. .-¦' It must^move: forward with as
nmch secrecy as can be'mairitained/ and/ as affairs are
now managed in the South; a very remarkable degree
of sececy in politics is easily "maintained, by: the' Bour
bon bosses. ¦* . -" ¦ ¦¦: <•'•*.*
The demand for secrecy in such a movement is to
some . extent a compliment to the public sentiment of
the country. It is a recognition of the fact that the
people would never sanction the wrong, and that any
cTiscussion , of it even by its friends and . advocates
v/ould arouse ¦* opposition to 'it. There is nothing
complimentary, however, in the suggestion that so
great a wrong as is proposed can be perpetrated under
the eyes of the people without discussion. It would
be a blind nation indeed if so great a political move
ment could be carried ori»in many States and extended
over a long' period of time without arousing the ob
jections of those. who believe that the privileges con
ferred upon all citizens by the constitution should be
secured by the Government for the blacks as well Sj
for the whites.
- The subject was not taken up at the time of the
passage of the apportionment bill at the late session
of Congress because the exigencies of politics led the
Republican leaders to deem it inexpedient -to": do so
at that time. Sooner or later, however, this issue will
be taken up and dealt with on its merits. Silence can
not be maintained all the time. -In fact, this very let
ter in which Morgan advises silence may prove to be
the jcause of an immediate discussion of the subject
throughout the Union. . . [
AND DRINKERS,". ETC.
COPYRIGHT, 1901.
VI— TRANSPORTATION" AND TRAVEL.
By Alice Morse Earle,
AUTHOR Or "STAGECOACH AND TAVERN DAYS." "OLD-TIME DRINKS
How the Genius of Young America Solved
the Problem of Transportation and
Railroad Convenience.
Prepared- by;.; Experts -and' Specialists for
The San Francisco Call. \
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
BORN IN IRELAND— A. \ B.» City. A
child born to Swedish parents in Ireland
13. Irish by reason of birthplace.
CARNEG1E»A. W. A.: City. The ad
dress of Andrew Carnegie was published
in this department March L
ROBINS— A. F., City. The shooting of.
robins and all song birds la prohibited In
East Berkeley and all parts of the State,
SACRAMENTO DIRECTORT-M. A. J..
City You can find a" directory of the city
of Sacramento at the Free Public Library.
OPENING LETTERS-Subscrlfcer. City.
No one has a right, without authority to
do " so, to open a. letter addressed to an
other. '-¦
A DAT IN DECEMBER- J. B. K.,
Monterey, Cal. The 17th of. December.
1849. fell on the third Thursday of that
month, . . s
TEN AND FIVE-A. S.. £lty. A dim*
of 1S3S does not command a premium from
dealers, neither does a 5-cent nickel with
out the word cents upon it.
WOLCOTT OP COLORADO— L. P. 8..
City. "E. O. Wolcott. who was elected
United States Senator from Colorado, was
born in Longmeadow, Mass., Marcn 2t>,
1843. His home is In Denver, Colo.
ONB OF THIRTY-FOUR— A. M. H..
Sebastopol. Cal. A half-dollar of 1S34 is
not one of the coins for which dealers of
fer a premium. The price they charge, for
such a coin Is from 73 to 90 cents.
GRAMMAR— Y. N.. Sacramento, Cal. If
you desire to read up so that you may be
able to speak and write grammatically
you should - read Shakespeare, study
Ayers' "Verbalist," any first class Eng
lish grammar and the best books of tha
best authors.
OLD COINS — Conductor. Oakland. Cal.
Of the many rubbings of coins submitted,
not one commands a premium from deal
ers. Your collection would be of value to
some one who wished to start a collection
of United States coins. .
THAT CALENDAR— A. 3.. City. TMj
department dues not advertise any busi
ness, therefore cannot jrive the address of
the Individual who sells the calendar
asked about. Had vou sent a self-ad
dressed and stamped envelop© the infor
mation would, have been sent by mail.
RENTED FLAT-M. M., City. From
the statement in your letter of Inquiry it
is apparent that, you obtained a verbal
lease from the landlord for the flat you
rented from him. If you have proof of
what you say he told you, he Is bound by
the terms of the verbal lease.
MEXICAN WAR— Subscriber, City. As
the question asked Is not sufficiently clear
to admit of an answer, you would better
call at the United States Pension Office,
corner of Bush and Sanaome streets. San
Francisco, and there you .will be told all
the rights that the widow of a soldier of
the Mexican war has.
BEGGING LETTERS-^Subscrlber, City:
Letters that are addressed by private in
dividuals to Andrew Carnegie. John D.
Rockefeller and other rich men of the
country, asking for financial assistance,
are read by the private secretary and
consigned to the waste basket.
OIL STQCK-^C^ New Tork. N. T.
There is an organization in San Francisco
called the California Petroleum Miners'
Association, of which 1* P. Crane is the
president. It is incorporated under the
laws of California. It is a rule of this
department not to advise any ona to in
vest money in any speculation,
PATENT AND TRADEMARK— J. a,
Camptonville, Col. A patent Is Issued for
an Invention, a trademark is issued for a
symbol, figure, monogram or other devicw
affixed by a manufacturer to his goods as
a distlnsuishinff mark to indicate their
origin and genuineness. Applications for
trademarks must be made to the Patent
Office, Washington, D. C. Tha fee for a
label is $6 and for a mark $25.
COMING EVENTS— M.. City. The cor
rect Quotation is: "Coming events cast
their shadows .before." It Is from "Lo
chlel'a Warning," by Thomas Campbell
(1777-1844):
Lochlel, I^ochlel. betrara Of th»'da.yl
For dark, and despalrtcg my might X may «*aJ,
But man cannot cover what God would reveal;
"Tl» th« soul of my llf* given m« mystical lore.
And comlny events cast their shadows before.
FLYING EAGKB CENT— J. C, City. It
Is the flyingr eagle cent of 1858 that com
mands a premium of from $1 60 to J2 50.
Those issued In 1857 with flying* eagle do
not command a premium. Dealers charge
a high price for those of 1S56. Those that
are composed of copper-nickel are offered
at. from $4 to $6: those of pure copper a:
from $5 to $7 50; those of pure nickel at
$7 50. The cent of 1S57 la offered for 5
centst , • : : ~
MARRIAGE-W. R. M., City. Persons
whose homes are In Oakland can come to
San Francisco and obtain a license to
marry If there la no legal objection. This
department does not know of any method
by which "a license can be obtained for
a secret marriage." All licenses are en
tered upon a register kept for that pur
pose, and as such is open to the pub : «~
any newspaper may copy the record and
publish the same. Any ordained minister
priest. Justice of the Supreme Cour*'
Judge of the Superior Court or Justice of
the Peace is authorized to marry a couple
If the license is in due form and If m*
in violation of some church law.
THE SAN FRANCIS CO^CAI^^BTDAY, MARCH «J9, 1901.
6
FAT AND LEAN
The "way to be fat and wek
is Scott's emulsion of cod-live*
oil. A little: only .a little.
Not any; if healthy and plump
already; "let. well enough
alone." • 6
' "We'll sendyon a little to try If yea EV».
SCOTT & ifoWNE, ,409 Pearl ftnti, KtvTorV
Apart from being entirely
healthy or not quite well, a fat
one has much reserve of vital
strength to resist any sudden
attack, while the lean one has
little, or no reserve.
TKat is, babies: fat, they are
happy and safe; lean, they are
neither happy nor safe.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVIHG TOWH FOR THE SUMMER.
Call »nl)g?ribrrs contemplating bl change of
rpsirtc-i'jc dorinp: the ¦ammer months can hav«
thrlr paper forwarded by mall to their neir
addresses by notifying Tbe Call Business Office.
This p&irtr will also be on sale at all summer,
resorts aud is represented by a local agent in
all torrc* on tbe coast.
AMUSEMENTS.
Co!umbia-"The Little Minister."
. Alhambra— "The Anrsl of the Aller."
Tlvoli— "Th^ ¦VVe<JdlngrT>ay."
Central— "I'ncle Tom's Caiin." . ••'
Orpljeuni— Vauflpville.
Alcarar— "Too Much Johnson."
Olymrla- corner Mason and Eddy streets — Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon ana
ei-enir.£. -] ;"." , :.'
F Fischer' 6— Vaudeville.
Tanforan Park — Races.¦i COOPER : : DECISION *? POSTPONED.— When
the - habeas corpus proceedings 1 for the release
of i;;'SlrV -•¦ Harry t Westv/ood . Cooper, ; alias Dr.
Ernest '( Moore >, Chadwlck, '¦ held ; : to » answer on
• the charg-e ;of, sending 1 a-falBO and .forged tele
gram. ; -were I called ; In Judge ¦ Cook's | court yes
terday ; the f Judge t announced . that he • was : not
ready> to render s his '¦ decision, as ho wanted '. to
examine 'i more X authorities,',* and '^continued I the
matter. till Saturday. . . •
•Colen's rtatement is ridiculed by the
man who "was robbed. He positively de
clares that when'he flrst reported his loss
to him. the policeman asked him to meet
him In about an hour, at which time, he
claimed, he would b&ve the bunko ; men
in custody. Instead- of arresting the
sharpers Colen, so Robinson claims, went
to them and forced- them to give him $50 •
half of. the amount that was taken from
him. ». Meeting Robinson -for the second
time Colen, so it is claimed, handed him
the money,' that was . given him " by th«
bunko men. to the; kick." : •¦
Robinson says that Colen, after handine
him the money, N a(} vised him not to report
the matter, at,' police headquarters as it
would go hard; with him;- ¦ • ¦-- « ,^
.Chief Sullivan is making a thorough In
vestigation and if he ; satlsfiea himself of
the : guilt of ; Colen * "ne ' Interfds to ask ! tho
Police Commissioners to dismiss him from
the department. ¦'• ••¦-•'= ¦' - ¦¦¦ • —»•¦••
:The- bold * robbery of Robinson has
spurred ¦; the Chief • to : adopt drastic ¦ meas
ures : : ; to ;; I rid this city -,; of bunko men:
Scarcely a I day passes that some bucolic
stranger . : Is ¦ not taken : in ¦ by : the - sharpers
and ¦ separated ¦ from ; his \ money. •¦ ¦¦ * ~>-
Last: night: Harry /Walters, who is
known to the police as the king of bunko
men, « was. arrested ;p.nd' locked up;ln the
"tanks.":: .He is supposed- to be one of the
men ; who. forced Robinson- to; part with
J100 of his hard-earned money. :The other
two; ¦¦>. the 'i police say, "will ,be taken lnlo
custody to-day. ¦;..-. , -
"After listening to' his story,"' explained
the accused policeman, "I started out to
find ; the men. Wh'.lo I wa'a looking ' for
them I again' met Robinson and I he ' told
me 'that half of the amount which they
had taken from him had been returned to
him. I asked him. to point out -the mem
to me, but he refused, claiming that ho
did not want them arrested." •- -¦• .
Policeman Colen, who la accused by J.
C. Robinson, a recent arrival from the
Interior, of returning to him part of the
money he 'was robbed of by bunko men
in order to keep i:im " from making: any
complaint, as told In yesterday's Call,
wa3 summoned before Chief of. Police Sul
livan yesterday afternoon and closely
questioned. Colen indignantly denied that
he had • passed any, money to' Robinson.
He said that while patrolling his beat on
O'Farrell street he was accosted by Rob
inson, who complained to him that he had
been robbed by bunko men.
Says He Did , Not "Square"
Victim of Bunko
¦ Men. .
COLEN DECLARES
HIS INNOCENCE
Easter cards now on gale in art depart
ment. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market. •
WO.CO from Chicago; $47.00 from New ; York;
127.60 from St. Louis: $15.00 from Mlsnourl
River points to California via Santa' F« ¦ Route.
Tickets < pood on , tourist " and ;¦ reclining ; chair
enrs. Excur$lon» leave Chicago r every JTues
day: until April ' 30. • Bee the ' Santa ' Fa ; Ticket
Ar««nt at; 641, Market street.
Cheap Bates.
John Fons. an employe of the Stanley
Aerial Navigation 'Company,* sustained se
vere Injuries yesterday by a fall from a
staging on the grounds of the company,
at the corner of Fell and Bnker' streets.
Fons slipped from the scaffold and struck
on his shoulders on the ground, , twenty
four feet below. An examination revealed
the fact that his collarbone was broken
and that he was otherwise severely
bruised. The Injuries were not fatal and
he will recover. jfitHCRfMMMMBMHtfXBitSS
Laborer Has Bad Fall.
An Interesting recital was given on Sat
urday mcrning last by 4 the little pupils of
MlssC. P. Ebbitts, who played very well
the following programme: ' v / ,
Duet. : "Scherxo,"-. Aimee and Virsrll Jorisen
•en; - solo. : "Slumber Sone"- (Gurlltt), Barle
Caldwell; soil, (a) "Study' 7 (Czerny), (b) "Bo
natlna.".Op. C5, No. 3 (Kuhlau>,« (c)-; "Bridal
Chorus" from "Lohenerlh" (Joeeph Low>,
Helen -Vernon; solo, "Spanish Dance" (Rltter),
Laurens Davis: noli, (a) "Two Studies" .(H.
Leir.olne), -(b) ."Sonatina," Op. -55, No. 2, alle
gretto iKuhlau). (c) "Hunting Song, ",; Op, J10,
No; 2 (Behr), Gertrude D&vli; soli, (a) from
"Second Movement Sonatina." 'Op. s 36 (Cl«m
entl), - (b) melody from VLucreziar- Borgia",
<Doplzettl), Vlntll JorBensen; soil, (a) etude
"nallade" (Burgmuller),<b) "Sonatina" (Clenu
entl), (c) duet from "Magic Flute" ; (Mozart),
(d) "Scherzo" (Ourlltt), Lucy- Pray: two duos
(Gurlitt), Lucy I»ray ; and • Helen Vernon. -
Pupils' Beeital:
Five bunko men wer,e arrested yester
day morning by Detectives Crockett and
I5Il!on and locked up In the "tanks" at the
City Prison. They are J. Mahoney, 6am
ICevillp. J. Edwards. J. O'Brien and R.
Tait. They were shown to the different
watches yesterday a.nd last night, and the
instructions were to arrest them when
f ecn on the street on a charge of va
prancy. so aa to have them driven out of
the city.
Raid on Bunko Men.
T)rrr*r>* of divorce w*re granted yester
day to S. M. Taber from Octavine Tabcr
for desertion. Harry L. Speer from Ida L.
Fp^er for desertion, and Agnes Kent from
George Kent for extreme cruelty. Suit*
for divorce havf he»?n fi>d by Elizabeth
I. Sully against John A. Sully for failure
tn provide. Ferdinand Furrer agaliwt
Mary Furrrr for desertion, Annie E. Lon^
r z-.-'.r.t-: James A. Ix>ng for failure to pro
vide. Frances Clixman against Philip
GHxman for desertion, Lena Barroh
«srain?t Charles Barron for cruelty and
Mary K. CulverwcU acaJnst Stephen E.
Oulverwell for desertion. «.
In the Divorce Court.
Similar Charge.
John Flynn. alias Krily. i» a confirmed
hKrsethief. He has the habit of jumping
Irto a buggy standing on the street and
driving eff with th*» rig and selling it to
n dealer T somebody else at a cheap flg
pre. I,a*t week he was aeaulttcd by a
.Inry in Judg-e Dunne's court of a chargo
cf stealing a horse and buggy, although
thrre were reven prior convictions against
him.
Y>sterd»y Flj-nn appeared b<*fore JudK»
Mogan on two charges, one of .obtaining
mnn^v by false pretenses and the other of
jrrand larceny arising out of the same
transaction. Tuesday !ie sold a Tiorw*? and
bemfss at th# stable* at Thirt«*enth and
Kcrrlr«on BUefcf to B. R. Vidcau. 21
FhTMan Etre<n, for I2T>. the owner be!n,-
Sam H*>bl*r. 6T5 Fnlsorr street. The casej
»>re continued till Aprii 1.
for the Ninth Time on
HORSETHIEF IS AGAIN
IN THE LAWS TOILS
John Flynn, Alias Kelly, Arrested
Exposition of Fine Arts.
The California Club is now engaged In
the preparation of an exposition of the In
dustrial arts, to be held in the gallery of
the Mechanics' • Pavilion next month. It
will open April 10 and continue to the 20th.
The success attending the exposition held
two years ago encouraged the club to at
tempt another one. .
A me«tlnjr will be held to-morrow morn-
Ing, when the final preparations for carry
ivu^the ordinance into execution will bo
difcussed. It will then be decided where
and from -whom the half-fare tickets may
be purchased.
Tlit fight to secure for the school chil
dren of this city the privilege to ride to
and from school at half faro has finally
resulted In a complete victory for the
pupils. The presidents of the various
street railroads met yesterday morning- at
the office of the Market-street company
and after an exhaustive discussion of the
matter decided to allow the half-fare rate
to go Into effect without making any re
sistance. All the railroad magnates
who were present signified their approval
of the decision, excepting R. F. Morrow,
president of the Sutler-street line, who
refused to commit himself. He remained
neutral, neither dissenting nor approy
lnir.
The ordinance, which was passed by the
Supervisors In January, is to go into ef
fect on March 30. As yet nothing ha»
been done cither by the city officials or
the railroad companies to prepare for
carrying it into operation. Considering
this and to give time in which to provide
tlcVets, the railroads requested that the
institution of the half-fare rate be post
poned until April 15. ,
. This is the first concession of this . na
ture ever granted by the railroad com
panies in thin city. In other large cities
of the country the pupils have enjoyed for
yean the right to travel on the street cars
at half fare. In some localities the right
is Inserted In the franchise and the rall
ro8Ct company must acquiesce in it before
the charter Is granted. The fact that
this privilege is so universally acknowl
edged in the East exerted great influence
In inducing the railroad magnates to grant
It here.
In establishing the reduced rates the
companies decided that they still retained
their legal rights and that . hereafter
should the concession become burdensome
or 6hould more be demanded the consti
tutionality of the ordinance might be
tfc*ted. • • .
Street Railroad, Companies
Grant Reduced Rates
to Pupils. .
p**1«dHE suit brought for Miss Adelia
I by her guardian against
II John Kohs. baker, to recover $5000
it damages for alleged injury in
flicted by a hug and a kiss in the
bakery kitchen, was on trial yesterday
afternoon before Judge Hunt in Depart
ment Five of the Superior Court. When
the evidence was all in, seven of the
jutcr» thought there was some doubt as
to the kissing and more as to the con
vu'sions and long illness alleged to have
followed as consequences. Five Jurors
wnnted to bring in a verdict for the plain
tift' but an hour's deliberation effected
no change and the disagreement was ac-
SCHOOL CHILDREN
SECURE RIGHTS
The remfttltur has not yet been received
from the Supreme Court, but as noon as It
is the District Attorney will -take prompt
action to insure a speedy, trial.
TTie mother of the murdered women in Dover
has Just died, having been burled yesterday.
The father is etlll living, but very feeble. It
n?cy be doubtful ¦ whether he will be able to
underjro the utrain of . a t »ix days* car trip to
ycur State ag-atn.- Can you advise me when
you would naturally retry this case, so that
I may govern. my assistance accordingly?
I devlre to say to you that I will hold ray-
Ff-lf in readiness to do everything possible at
this* end of the line to prepare and Bend to
California, under like conditions as at the for
ncr trial, any. Delaware witnesses whom
you may deem necessary to the, 'case
oi the State of California. Fully, ap
preciating the fact that the case, is
a California 'case, by express assumption . of
the California authorities, I shall deem it en
tirely out of place for me to gef West to as
elst bo able a man as yourself or your asso
cletes for th<* prosecution. Bo that I may ln
t*Hlfrratly aid you In the matter I would ask
you to mall me a copy of the printed record
of the case as it went to the Court of Ap
reala. I assume that this embodies the entire
ttetlmony, from the nature of the exceptions
which were taken to the record. :
District Attorney Byington received a
letter , yesterdnv from Attorney General
Herbert H. Ward. Wilmington. Del., d--ited
March 23. in which he mentions having re
ceived from Attorney General Tirey V.
Ford a communication in reference* to the
Botkln case. He said he would cause It to
be published 5n the papers of the State
so ns to clear the > (state of California
from any imputation . of neglect in the
mattet. He continues: ¦ v
They Will Be on Hand at
the Second Trial of
Mrs/'Botkin.
WITNESSES FROM
DELAWARE COMING
cepted as final and the Jury discharged.
Th« plaintiff, a pretty miss of 17, told a
straightforward story on the witness
stand. The impromptu kissing, according
to her testimony, occurred on the evening
of July 2, between 6 and 7 o'clock. She
was employed in Kohs' bakery at 331
Fourth street. She testified that she had
gore into the kitchen to wash a cake knife
and that Kohs, whom she did not know
v.an there, suddenly seized her and em
braced and kissed her. The shock and
fright made her ill and she had to be sent
home in the care of two girls and subse
quently • she went into convulsions and
was ill for nearly a month. ! The girl
denied indignantly on- cross-examination
that she had let any of the men employes
¦\V. O. Copelund, Lawrence Daly. M. Joseph,
A. Frombers. H. A. Conrad. George H. Brad
¦haw, M. Oreany, Frank O. BracKett, F. I.,
Bird, II. Froman, F. Dleling and John E.
Gr«*ne.
Fromberg, Bradshaw, Froman. Cope
lanrl and Dleling were the Jurors who
stood out for a verdict for the plaintiff.
Harry Morris., a driver employed by
Kohs, told boastlngly on the stand that? he
had kissed the plaintiff once when she had
eaid.no young man could kiss her. That
was the only "osculatory* exercise*.' to
which the defense got testimony and the
plaintiff went on the stand to deny It.
Th« lawyers, A. B. Treadwell and lay
man I. Mowry for the plaintiff and Otto
turn Suden for the defense, submitted the
cape without argument.' *
The jury was composed of the following
named:.
, — , — , . — , ..j.
The defense tried to show that the plain
tiff frequently "eifgagad ' f in osculatory
esfercisea" with the bakers and . drivers
employed .by Kohs, but' their witnesses
failed them, Felder and Katie
Gloa. other pretty German girjs empolyed
by Kohs," had not seen any of the men
kiss her, though the first had seen a baker
named John try to kiss her. .
THE PRETTY PLAINTIFF AND
THE MAN WHO DENIES THAT
HE KISSED HER.
for Petty Larceny by Trick
and Device.
Men who prey upon, the unwary by
means of trick and device were taught a
lesson by Judge Cabaniss yesterday. J.
R. Fritz and A. McLane were each con
victed of petty larceny by trick and de
vice and were sentenced to three months
in the County Jail. The case against their
companion. F. L. Carey, was dismissed,
as there was not sufficient evidence to
convict. ¦» ¦ ' . -•'-".'¦
Joseph Rekar, a baker, living at 1823
Polk street. w, as the complaining witness,
lie testified that on Sunday evening.
March 17. he went into the place conduct
ed by the defendants at 425 £>upont street
and was induced to play the game of
throwing rings at knives and also at cir
cles marked blue and white. - When the
three defendants played they always won,
but when Rekar tried It he always lost.
He parted with $18, and said he would not
play any more. They c started to play
again and won as before,: and^Rekar, In
the hope of winning back his money, tried
again, but lost'$6 more.: ••».¦- *•
The Judge, in sentencing Fritz and Mc-
Lane. said it was difficult to get sufficient
evidence h» bunko cases to convict, and
although there might be a strong sus
picion of guilt;, that was. not enough. In
this case, however* it was plain to him
that Rekar, had been tricked out of his
money in a most barefaced manner. The
defendants gave notice of appeal to the
Superior Court. -
The cases of Frank Marshall and four
others, charged with grand larceny by
trick and • device ¦ by playing the "plate
game" at the Cliff House, will be heard
by Judge Ca.baniss to-day. Their defense
will be that they have a license to play
the game.
Two of Them Get Three Months Each
MEN WHO SWINDLE OTHERS
ABE TAUGHT A LESSON
Judge Seawell has decided that under
tho law^aa it now stands the Assessor of
this city and county is not vested with au
thority to demand the production of books
and ; documents by those taxpayers who
are called to testify regarding statements
of taxable property furnished by them or
their knowledge of the correctness of
statements furnished by others. o Thi» de
cision, which was reached in the case of
the people on the ' relation of Assessor
Dodge against A. B. Caldwell, warehouse
owner. Is of great importance, for, to a
large extent, it permits the placing of tax
able properties behind the doors of ware
houses and then closes them against ordi
nary processes.
Judge Seawell, in delivering his opinion,
remarked that, in view of the condition as
he found It.. the law should be amended
so as to give the Assessor greater scope
in bis Investigations Into the. correctness
of taxpayers' statements. .
Caldwell -was > sued- for. the statutory
penalty, as provided by section 3652 of the
Political Code," for his alleged . refusal to
testify and his admitted refusal to fur
nish books and documents bearing on
matters contained in his statement to the
Assessor. • •
As a further ground of action it was
held that the defendant had taken the
same stand regarding his knowledge of
certain statements furnished 1 , the Asses
sor by Shun Yuen Hlng & Co., Sam Sing
& Co., Boldstone Bros., the "Bowers Rub
ber Company, H. Dutard, the Harry Unna
Company, A. Zellerbach & Sons, Wol
brook, Merrill & Stetson: California Safe
I>eposlt and Trust Company and Kwong
Wah & Co.
The case was ejaborately argued by
counsel and submitted on briefs.
Though Judge Scawell, in his decision,
holds .that the Assessor has the right to
examine a taxpayer regarding his own or
the statements of others, he maintains
that questions must be specific, and
that the right to go further and demand
books and documents is not conferred by
the law upon. the Assessor.
Judgment was therefore entered for the
defendant.
Hay Examine Taxpayer Regarding
• His Own or Others' Written
Statements, but Here His
Authority Ends.
Judge : Seawell Holds He
Cannot Order Produc
* tion of Books.
LENNON IS NO
MATCH FOR KYTKA
Bickering Bout Takes Place
When McGlade's Lawyer
Makes Objections.
Lenncn Was Angry.
T^nnon became angry when Kytka one*
paid to him that he desired to enlighten
the attorney, and appealed to the court
to "stop th«? harangues of this witness."
District Attorney Bj-tnuton took a hand
in the matter and accusM Lennon of
"nickPrinr and picking a- the witness and
b^lns: Insulting in his manner towarJ
him." Byingtcn also made an appea4 to
the court that Ijennon be sunpressed as to
hi* mod*» of "harping" at Kytka.
Judge Melvin** good nature had become
exhausted at thla noint ajid in severe
tones h* declared that there must be an
to a!l Quarrels.
"I Ehall instruct th<» witness," gg.l\
.Tyd?* Melvin, "?o give his testimony aJid
r.ot to argu^ to tbm jtiry. otherwise his
argument? will be stricken out. If coun
rel fnr the defonsp -Josires to object to
*nything- thf witness say«, or seeks In
formation, he must do «o to the court and
r."t jfiMk to the Tritncss."
Th* admonition had the effect of ke?p
ir.g lh+ peace for an hour, when the timo
fir adjournment arrlvd. This morning
Kytka • will resume nis teetlmony anl
••pomi» fun" f^ *>xT>^ot<»d when the expert
5s cross-examined by the attorney for the
rtffpnse.
The witness compared various letters
and figures. to!d of "up strokes and down
ptrnkes." "top loops ana bottom loops."
"tremors, characteristics and eccentrici
ties." "PhadltiR and width." "dots, dashes
and curve?," In infinite variety.
When Kytka would say to the Jury.
**thip was written by a" clever penman,"
nr. "I must give my reasons for this, '
I^rrnon would fire off a series of objec
tions. The attornev n»r>eatedly &£ked the
eourt to instruct Kytka to refrain from
EivinR- his opinions aru to confine himself
t" facts.
There wa? a rumpus when Kytka defied
J^nnon to stoD him in his mode of expla
ratlon. In explaining- ¦ Rpure "6." I^»n
non ask«*d Kytka where he had taken the
original letter from.
"I took It from the, blotter on nape 3."
r« x rli'*d Kytka. "and I wlil show the orig
inal fieure to the jurv."'
Kytka grabbed the blotter from the
clerk's writinp cle^k, almost upsetting: the
dignity of (".crk Oscnr Tolle, and matfe a
rush toward the jurv.
"Hold on." shouted I>ciinon. "you have
rot been asked to show anything to the
jury."
"W>!1. I will do so on my own account."
5«M Kytka. as he opened the book and
showed <he original ftgui« "6" to the Jury.
Ixrinon eprunsr an objection but was over
ruled. Th* cla^h b<?tw«^en the expert and
the attorney was repeated many times in
the course of the day's proceedings.
Kytka Gives Expert Testimony.
expert In haadwritiriS v.as varied yester
fiay in the trial cf Peter McGlade on a
rharge of forging salary warrants of the
city ajid county, bv 1 continual verba.1
squabble between Mr. l-unnon, attorney
for the defense, end Theodore Kytka, the
authority in question. Kytka was more
than a match fcr the aggressive attorney
for McG!ad« and rattled on despite the
Objection for the defense.
McGlade's wife maJe her appearance in
«-ourt for the first time during- the present
trial.
Witness Mcpinnls ings recalled in -the
rnorning and testified it.at he had not
pilltt6 a rrumbor cf salary warrants hand
ed to him for iderrtincu'.lon by the pro-sf
< ution. It is alleged that McGlade forged
all the warrants put in evidence yester
day. • "¦ .£' -.
Kytka testified that he had examined
vcrlous books of the office of the Sup«r:n
ter.dent of Streets and had compared the
writing with the "John Sullivan" salary
warrant. He was positive the same han-i
bad written the entries !n the books and
thf names in th<? warrant. Previous testi
mony lias be«»n presented showing: that
the particular mtries la the books were
made br McGlade.
The interesilns but tedious recllai of an
Many Forged Salary Warrants Intro
duced in Evidence at the
Trial o^ the Ex-City
Official.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCJEI 29, 1901^
Miss Adelia Nelson Fails to (3et Verdict for Damages
Against Her Employer, John Kohs. ;
JURORS DOUBT IF BAKER'S
KISS CAUSED CONVULSIONS
Kohs, who ia a fe mldaie-aged, swarthy
little German, denied that he was in the
. kitchen at all during ¦ the afternoon In
• question or that, he kissed his pretty em
ploye. He and his wife and a baker boy.
named August Edel all testified that he
was asleep from 6 to 8 o'clock of that par
ticular day.
about the place kiss her on other occa
sions. •
¦ Mrs. Amelie Rastede, mother of the girl,
testified' as ; to her daughter's serious ill
ness. The physician who treated • the
plaintiff Is traveling in Europe and the
evidence presented left much doubt as to
whether she suffered convulsions or only
a nervous attack. .• • • ¦¦:
7
LIMITS POWERS
OF THE ASSESSOR
A BILL BUILTOF THE B^ST.
MABIE WAINWEIQHT Assisted by
EDWABD ELSNEB AND CO., BTJBT
SHEPABD, CALLAHAN AND
MACK, SCOTT AND WILSON.
SMITH AND CAMPBELL, TE-
CHOW'S CATS, BIOGBAPH, Last
W«ek of BITNTH AND BTJDD CO.,
and PAPINTA.
THE BIOGRAPH
THIS WEEK SHOWS
QUEEN VICTORIA'S FUNERAL
Reserved Seats. 23c; Balcony, 10c: Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
*TSV_OLI*
EVENINGS AT S. MATINEE SATURDAT
AT 2.
"ITS A SHOW THE PEOPLE LIKE."
The Perfect Blending: of Music and Fun.
"THE
WEDDING
DAY!"
Next Opera— The Greatest of All Hits.
THE IDOL'S ETE. "HOOT. MON."
POPULAR PRICES 25c and 53a
Telephone— Bush 9.
f*ftl I IMS I A SA1 FEASCISCO'S
IfUfaVlrlPIH LEAPIS8 THEATR£
• Thla Week and Next Week.
EVERT NIGHT. INCLUDING SUNDAT.
MATINEE BATURDAT.
CHARLES FROHMAN '"'eaenti
THE. THE
SUCCESS ) . • , ¦ .
of the Little
CENTURY! "-.ll-LIC
Minister
By J. M. BARKIS,
Founded on hi*, novel of the tame name
Comlmr — BLANCHE WALSH In "MORE
THAN QUEEN." __^
Avheatr /*O
MATINEE TO-MORROW AND SUNDAT.
To-night, Wm. Gillette's Comedy,
"Too Much
Johnson."
SElTS • • - - •__^_I5c, 25c, 35c, 50c
SEATS NOW READT FOR
NextWegb-TEN.NESSEE'S PARDNER.
t-uo.V£ , aotrrtt .\i»
TO-NIGHT-MATINEE SATURDAT.
LAST WEEK
Of the Mammoth and Master Melodramatic
Production of the World!
r-T-IT T I . I THE BIG NEW YORK
J. JtrdL J2j sensation.
A.lTC3-ET_i
T % : A.TJUBTZ m .
. ISe- "25c ¦ 33c '< 50c.
'_ Ptcne * South S3X
TO-NIGHT AND SATURDAT AND SUNDAT
• ' * EVENING.
MATINEES 8ATURDAT and SUNDAT.
Magnincent Revival of Mrs. Harriet Beecher
Stowe'i Immortal Story.*.,'
UNCLE TOM'S CABIN.
Most GorgeOUJ Production Ever Seen Her#.
A Powerful Cast: Plantation Sonea and
. Dances: Jubilee Sinters: Bloodhounds, etc.
nnifCC .F.ventnjts ...lOe. 13c. "•"«, SOe -
ifllvLJ Matinees lOc. 1,"J«?
Nest ffwli- America* n Traredlan.
ROBERT DOWNING In a Stupendous Produe-
tion of "THE GI^VDIATOR."
CHUTES ANDJJOO
Barnes' Do% and fony Show.
LEAH MAY, the Giantess.
TO-MORROW NIGHT— CAKEWALK
And RINGSIDE PICTURES OP THE GANS-
McGOVERN FIGHT.
Teiephone for Seats— Park &.
FT^UHFR'S CONCERT house.
Wm.' McDonald. Aku Aabador, Merleita. th«
Flechtls, Olive Vail. Lillian Jeanette. A. n.
Bentley and Hinrlchs' Orchestr». Reaervetl
Seats. 23c. Matinee Sunday.
Are you real certain your liver is. in
good working condition ? If it isn't
you know it, the symptoms are too
positive to allow you to be deceived.
That coated tongue, yellow skin,
headache, etc., can be relieved -by
It acts promptly and effectually but
gently, without a" gripe or pain.
TTRV IT.
t A ioo-Pice Book cf Stories and Xj fiffi
' Ar.eciotes of Abriham Lincoln free VS^V^gf,
»i*.h every 85-cent packaje. S^JfVJ&T
ALL DRUGGISTS. rao£i«Art
®VIM, VIGOR. VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in use over fifty
years by the leaders of th«
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cure the
worst cases In old and young
•rising from effects of §elf-
abuse. dUslp&tlon. excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood. Impotency, Lost
Power, Night Losse*. Insom-
nia. Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
1 Nervous Debility. Headache, ttnfltness to Mar-
sS'-^ssssf
. Stimulate the brain and nerve centers: We a
box; « for it 60 by mail. A written guaranteo
to cure or money refunded with i « «°J« S - C\t~
culars free. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.
40 Kills st, San Francisco, CaU GRANT
DRUG CO.. 38 arid 40 Third st. _1__
A visit OR- JORDAN'S orcat
{museum of anatomy.
\ WT Tka Ltnnt AoatoBlcal Momuib in the
A .- jL. V/ortd. WekJtiKtMs «r *¦>» conrr»ct«d
9 IS 01 i>P«uJ>«»th>.'Co4it. EitjSyainw
I fl§^| 08. JOflDAM-PRMTE DISEASES
\ V£%B>N Ce«*alt»tkm trv »nd vaieVj prinsm-
M I yffH Tn itm«« p«non«lly nt by ltttsr. A
\ 5 fiT \IV '*••"** CVr«lnr»tryc»itanaer:»itii.
M»i \i» Write for Bock. raiLoaurav*r
X i IL' *«lu»bio book far saeaj
9 PHJOJIPAM * «••. tOU Market St., a r.
00. MEYERS &Ca jSi^k
ease and Weakness ' ajldbt jgsL
Ushed 1SS1. Consul- 1$$
tatlon and privates Vw>, I /-I i
book free, at offlco nflii! 1 I ffiflSH
or by mail. Cures \\M'/Kd£i»S91*
guaranteed. 7JJ1 KSIuIISPOnI'
Market street (ele- 1^«MWM? •
vator entrance), -^fiV/n^8|BW^
'¦ ~" — '. — ~~ — ~"7"" — y — . - "
DAI A fl T These hotels pos-
p/lL/lljt 8CS8 the -attributss
j ' that tourists and
Q I] fl travelers appreciate
Will . --central location,
PDA MR liberal manage-
UlinllU mzrii < modern ap-
IjnTCI 0 pointments and
HUltLOi P er f e ct cuisine,
¦ IIWI T I - W f American and Eu-
Sail FrailClSCO. ropean plans. .
IsSJIEItCE'S
&3P FAVORITE/
pSGRIPTION
I ML FOR WEAK WOWEW.
TJDTTQTJ17Q FOR barbers, bak-
JDHUOXll3lO' ir8 ' bootblacks, bath-
~f!r-7f, m T. •¦ v~^ housea, , bUlUrd tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, flourmills. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories* sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners tailors, etc
BUCHANAN; BROS. .
Brush Manufacturers. 600 Sacramento St
IA/. T. HESS.
NOTARY ; PUBLIC AKD ATTOBHSY-AT-IA W.
Tenth Floor,! Room 1015, Clatis Epreckels Bid*.
- ¦ : ¦ - : ' Telephone Brown 931.-
Residence, SIX California St.. below Powell.
¦ Ban Francisco. .* < • . ,
THt SAN FRANUISCO JOCKEY CLUB.
:.. Week March Xatb to JCth.
BIX HIGH-CLA8S R.ACES EACH DAT.
.TO-DAY-MATCH. RACE. '
v .;;' aTELLOWTAIL. v«. - KENILWORTH.
Baturday— THE i SPRINO- HANDICAP, J3000
.-.'•¦. ¦ Added. - : .
"NEXT WEEK-SEVERAL BIO EVENTS.
; First Race Dally' at 2:10 P. M.
• i Trains * from l Third and To wnsend streets— 7,
10:«. 11:30 a. m.; 12:40. 1. 1:30.8 p, m. . : . i
% Returning leave Track 4:15 and thereafter at
¦hort Intervals. «attMBRHlMHHHpaHd
ADMISSION (INCLUDING R. R. FARE> fl J5.
S MILTON S. MTHAM, Secretary,
f r T!. J.^ POWER. , Racine Hecretarv. -
The scientific blending /reSi\
of California figs and prunes /rpnp a 1 1
with carefully selected grain I ¦ K *^V^I
inaKes a perfect \^'
cereal coffee of delicate
flavor and fragrant aroma.
A perfect food beverage having all the
satisfying qualities of coffee and tea and
*^ none of their disadvantages.
SkAvK
£ %3 jT/o \ Healthful — nutritious.
I Fruit V m mn
a yg X o/ I Boil from 5 to 10 minutes only
\^t\i/o;J ALL GROCERS SELL \
\P**to*^» . Fisprune Cereal.
V-.u-7!*TS!!lar>T'' ¦— i ¦¦iiiliiiinii -**
beer is the beer of civiliza- Rm
tion. Go to any part of the Dad
earth where mankindvalues Egj
purity, and you will find Bfj
Schlitz beer is the recognized Bm|
pure beer. • LJJ
For fifty years the ScHlitz
agencies have followed figg!
white men's conquests. ffSI
'Thej;are twenty years old Pij
in South Africa. jBWjjj
Schlitz beer was famous in
Siberia before a railroad was
thought of. - p(*j
When Japan and China mm
first began to awake, Schlitz W$n
beer was advertised in their raS
newspapers. Rl^
Almost as soon as Dewey |*tej
captured Manila 216 car-
loads of Schlitz were sent Sam
Today Schlitz agencies so Lgd
dot the globe that when it is KjSJ
midnight at one it is noon- i£|
day, at another. " ffjTj
The quality by which Oj
Schlitz beer has won distinc- h||
tion has been its absolute B£J
purity. Every physician the §F)%
.world over will recommend Dy
Schlitz, the beer that made Wtf%
Milwaukee famous. tLJ
'PKSne Main 447, Sherwood &Sher- Brag
wood, 212 Market St., San Francisco »£9
The Beer oi
CivilizationChicago Livestock) Market!
Foreign' Futures.
• On, the Produce Exchange-. to-day the butter
market wan quiet; creameries, 15ig21c;- dairies,
lieiSc. Cheese, active. . 11® U?ic..- Eggs., Quiet;
fresh," 12&C. ..•-.»-.-;,¦.,, ¦-.-'-:
Articles— , • Open. High. 3 Low. Close.
Wheat- NoJ 2— ¦ : ¦••'.-. „':.;.
March- • 75% 75»». • 74% 75
May . '.75;j' - 76 '. 75H' , 76 '.
Corn No. 2— ' - . • •
May ....' ' 42U .. 43 - 4iH' .. 42%
July 42',i «»i *!% -43
Oats .No. S — ' - * . - ¦ , '
May » 25 25V4 . -23-' 25%
July ;-...-.'.•; 24% Vi 241. . 24»4 .24%
Mess. Pork, per bbl— I ,'. -;."
May ..;..• .'..15 75 .1575. 13 40 :M5 4'Sk
July. ....... 15 00 15 10 15 00 *15 07>4
- Lard,* per 100 lbs—
May S O7V4 8 07H - * 00 ,&.O2"£
July 800. ,'800 * 7 85 . 7.97**
September 3 05 8 05 7 97*4 7 37*4
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— ¦ . ' ' ,
May 8 00-8 00. .7 90 7 92H
JTuly ..... ....... 7 85-: .7 87H '¦-• 7 82*4 7 82%
September .... ,....' 7 SO 7 !2H 7 17% 7 80 .
Cash ouotatlons '- were as follows: '.Flour,
fairly active: Nd. 3 spring ¦ wheat, 69@72c:* No.
2 -red. 74%«i76»ic: :No. - 2 corn.' 42c: No. 2 yel
low, 42c: No. -2 oats. ¦25"4<32«*4c: No. '2 white.
2SV?f29^c; No. 3 "white, 27V4©28%c;>No. 2 rye.
oC*^@54c; ' : fair to choice -. malting barley, > to®
58c: No. 1 flaxseed, $1 55*4; No. 1 Northwestern,
tl (€01 57: prime timothy seed, $4:, mess pork,'
per bbl, $15 231715 40: lard, .per 100 lbs. JS 10®
8 12*4: short ribs 'sides : (looBe),*»7 85@8 03;-.dry
salted shouldei" .(boxed), 6H66T4c: short clear
eldea' (boxed), JS 15@8 30; whisky, basis of high
wines, 1127; clover, contract grade, $1L' , .
-Articles—' "' ¦„'•;" Receipts. Shipments.
Flour.'- barrels- ...."..'.;.:.:;. 31,000 >.-,;• -,34.000 ¦¦:¦
"Wheat.', busnels... ........ ..". 195,000 : •' "81.000
Corn,' bushels ....-...'..•..... 145.000 ? -, '142.000
Oats, bushels .'.:.... ..172.000' ¦; ; '23b,000,-
Rye. v bushels ¦ . V. ;;...> 5,000 . ¦¦¦ • -1.000%.
Bailey, bushels ..r.:.;.r ES.OOo ¦ * - ~ .< 16,000 :¦;¦
*\"E*tV TORK. March CS.— The stock market
«-^rit!r«ed highly professional to-day and dlk
tlnrtiy two-Blfled. The ontslde epeculatlve
public U still en the tide of the bulls and that
rlement of the speculation continued to hai-e
the (Situation well in control. Any new point
r.f strength which they developed was pretty
v ¦¦;] fuHCed cf a response of followers of small
fpt-cuiators. who keep the current market go
ins. T'.ie selling to take profits continued very"
larse »nd was to ekillf ully managed aa to do
little Carnage to prices, but there was a bear
flemer-.t among the traders and they made oc
<• as-ir-T.j.l demonFtrations in the market when
Hi-.- burden of the realizing seemed in a way
to overcome the advance. The bear element,
however, attracted little outside following and
•he'.r operations Were not conducted with |-;reat
<-or.fi«1cnce. The rnort prominent position in the
tradln? was etill held by Northern Pacific and
Burlinrtcn. and the constantly . recurring
•trenrth of these tVqpltm made an effective sup
port for the whole'" market. In the same de
gree their many reactions on profit taking af
fected the speculative tone. Burlington opened
lower uurler a pressure and. having advanced
to a record price at 171. closed with a net gain
. r<T cm'.y "i. Northern Pacific also made a new
htrh record price at'S*.** and doted wjth a net
pain of l"^,. There were renewed reports (o
<1«y i[ a plan to retire Northern- Pacific pre
ferred, and reports Etill persisted of an agree
ment for consolidation of Northern Pacific and
r.ur:inr,tcn. The course of the steel stocks
upon the entry of the United States Bteel Cor
porfctlcn stocks Into the unlisted department of
tJw exchange were a strengthening influence.
Although there was a large Belling to realize
In th«e stocks, ample support was forthcom
ing and the common was. run up over 2 point.)
m*r yesterday's price en the curb and the pre
fTT*"d rather more than that. - The stocks of
r-orastltuent . companies were strong In sympa
thy, the common and preferred stocks all ris
ing frora I to 2%c. There were other points of
rpeclM Etrength. cuch as Western Union, Man
!iau*n. the Wheeling and Lake Erie stocks,
rhowing gains of from S to S*4 and Lacka
v.:. :m;i. which mounted 9 points to far above
the Mgh»«t preceding price. Outside of these
individual -stocks there were few that rose at
any time as much as a point over last night
Mi <1 many of the recently prominent . stocks
»¦«<• constantly held back by the pressure of
rf>i"!!z!ng. The robber stocks reacted- widely
f rom . yesterday"* advancr. the common losing
I'i and the preferred 4«i. In the list half
licut- t!>* market, on the decision 'of the New
Jfrwr <^o»jrt of Appeals In favor of the plain
t*O» in the suit to enjoin the absorption of the
'J-UFf-enheim interests, the ..smelting : stocks
l.rcLe violently, the common falling to 6Vi and
«!¦* rr'fcrred to V.i below last nipht's level.
Th<K *«>Ip*d to unsettle • the close, which was
•Iro affected by . the , large . profit taking sales.
*">'.KCB»«!ons of" the raoney market outlook' con-
New York Stock Market:
EASTERN MARKETS.
CHICAGO, March ;?.— Corn opened with sen
timent only a shade easier, although the rather
bearish ensemble of news might have excused
greater weakness: in a market .less confident
or the • Fmalln<-R8 of : stocks. :•• The weather to
begin with was Improved, receipts, were -lib
eral/and contained a largely. Increased propor
tion of contract corn, while cables are Indif
ferent. Notwithstanding this array, of con
p'derationn the market . opened unchanged -.at
42i.c and In a few minutes touched 42*^"J42%c.
Trade was light and May dropped to 42Sc.
litre the market steadied and began that
steady appreciation which culminated' In a
new hlRh record price for May delivery, doing
it in the face of strenuous efforts of certain
tw-ar houses to', hold it. - The bull leader was
orly a moderate : buyer, but outside buying
end the covering by scalpers raised May to
4Sc. The close was strongr, %o over yesterday,
at 42T«c. . -•-.¦;'. ,-.-. . ¦ ¦ ¦ . v ¦ . .
- wheat was dull, narrowband uninteresting.
Much or the time business was at A standstill,
v/hlle traders turned a .wUtful eye on. the su
perior animation of corn. It was the strengrth
of this market which saved wheat ¦ from suc
cumbing to ihe prevalent bearlshnes*. . Even
rtports.of fly damages were received with
8pathy. Heavy receipts and the weakness of
the export- situation., -the mild, clear -weather
and the optlmlFmtof the Price Current report
combined . to create bearish t>entlment. May
orened a fhartp to %c lQwer at 75T»o to 75%@
"-'¦Tic and declined ; to "SSc. A long period of
ti;agnatlon followed, until near the close, when
the market- rallied In sympathy- with • corn,
closing unchanged at 7o"»'S76o.
Oats wereln excellent' demand for shipment,
but for futures- business .was- sluggish. "May
dosed a-shade higher at 25Hc • -. ¦ ,
Provisions were dull and easier. Selling by
packers and local operators forced I prices down
In the afternoon. May pork closed 25c lower,
lard 2<4®5c down and ribs 7Hc depressed. * i
The leadlnjr futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.'
Arizona— Snow flurries In the mountains:
rio-idy elsewhere, with light to heavy frost*
Fri'isy morning In the Salt River Valley: light
n"rth «1nd».
Shu Francisco and vicinity — Fair Friday:
Ii-rl;t northerly, changin-c to fresh westerly
wind. . ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
f=^iithern V^.llfornla — Cloudy. unsettled
Tvest-J^er Friday; frerh north wind In the ln
tr-rir.r. westerly wind* on the coasL
Nevada — Cloudy Friday, warmer; fresh
northerly winjs. ¦
I"fah — Cloudy Friday: fre»h northwest winds.
r'orthern California— Fair Friday: not so
rold: fresh northerly winds in the Interior;
tirtFk westerly winds on the ooaet.
Th«- fnllowinjr maximum -wind velocities are
rPTx-rt*"!: Eureka. 5« mlle« per hour, from the
n«rtli : Tuna, IS miles, from the west.
KorrcaEt mafie at 6an Francisco for 50 hours
ending midnight March Z9. 1901:
The temiierature has fallen from. 12 to .16
fl«=freey oxer Arliona- The •¦reather continues
4 old over California. Nevada and Arizona.
In the valley of the Colorado and in the San
Jvuiquin Valley, ajfco in the Salinas Valley,
llSht t-» heavy frosts -will probably occur Fri
day morning, the temperatures from 32 to 36
Hnr>Ti- flurries are reported at Carson City
and ri!>tftafr. Along the coast the -areather
has r**>n zenerally clear.
• Th<» rreffure has fallen rapidly over Utah
*n<i North?rn Arizona. It ha* risen along the
cojtrt north of Cape Mendocino.
fan Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
£7: minimum, 44: mean. SO.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. ,
' The market for" evaporated 'apples ruled
rp.ther quiet, with trading conttned to supply-
Ing- Immediate- requirement?. ! Prices un
changed. State common, ZQAc: prime, 4V4®
4Tic;.fholc«'. -oifto^ie; fsney. 6<gS"4c .
California dried fruits were inactive. Prunes
YA&lC per -pound, as to size, and quality.
Apricots— Royal,. 7^4@12c: Moorpark. . 8^<?13c.
Peaches-Peeled. 1214020c; unpeeled,. Bl^lOc.
)vool-duii. .-¦,..'. •¦:= ;; ¦¦: .
COFFEF— S|v)t Rlb.vdull:'No.' 7 Invoice 6 T «@
7e; mild, dull; Cordova, JSimc. Futures closed
steady. . net unchanged. To.al ¦ sales • 14 500
laps, includlmr: April, Jo 50; May S5 65; Sep
tember. $5.80;. October. |5 S5; December, $« M.
SUGAR— Raw,. firmer: fair refining, 3 17-32c;
ctntrlf uiErtl. : S6 test; 4 l-22@4 l-16c; molasses
feusar." 3 5-16c; refined, firm. >
BUTTER-rRecelnts: 336S packases. Strong.
Frpfh creamery. I6@22c: factory. U@Uc.
EGGS— R»?lpt», 13.573 ¦ packages. Strong.
Weyern at m^rk. 13*A©13" 4 ic.
...:;. ;'"^>RIBD^FRUITS.
WHEAT— Receipts, -75,600 bushels: exports.
6'.512. Spot, nrm; No. 2 red, SIHc . f, o. b.
aHoat and.SQ'ic elevator; No. 1 Northern Du-
I«iL h> p°^ c f - °- b - afloat: Na 1 hard Duluth.
P.Ho.f. o. b. afloat. Options were steady but
uull until near the close, when strength- In
ic-rn prompted covering and a fair 'advance.
( Ici-ed firm *ic net advance. May, R0% l &i0'-tc
dosed S0\c: July. SO»if SI . 1-I6c. closed Sic:
Sefctcmber. »0^@S0Sc. closed SOHc. ¦
NEW YORK. March 28.-FLOUR-Recelpts,
2I.S7O barrels; exports, 27,116.
New York Grain and Produce
_^^Po u Itry ¦ a n d Ga m e.
f Poultry 'Is : weaker,^ as there is more on the
market and the* very, high prices tend " to check
• ' VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. v 63e®$l 75 per ! box ;
Asparagus, - $2 25 ¦' for t. fancy. '¦ $1 60<U>2 ';• per a box
for • No. 1 . and ¦ $1<§1- 25 <¦ for , No. - 2: ¦-. Green | Peas,
2® 2"^c for / - Bay ; * String ".,, Beans, ; 45J8c ; - Cab
bage,-: C5c; ;. Tomatoes;. -Los '» Angeles,:., 75c@$l 50
per j crate ; \ from . Mexico,' $1 23© 1 GO :. per > crate ;
Egg Plant.' Los Antceles.' 12^*@l5c per lb: Green
Peppers, ¦ I>os Angeles, - 8@10c v per^ Ib . for '¦ Chile
and; 12*40 for. Bell; ;.Dried- Peppers;, 12igl8c,
Dry- Okra, 25c per ; lb ; \ Carrots. 25® 35c per sack ;
Hothouse Cucumbers, 73cS II 50 per dozen; Sum
mer; Squash, « $1 25® 1 50 per^-box: Garlic, r 2H@3o
per ¦ ¦' lb: -, Marrowfat - Squash,': • $20@30 . per , ton;
Mushrooms. 12V4igloC per, lb. ¦:. - ' • ¦.•:¦ -..-,•
¦ , ONIONS— $2@3 ;-.' per ; ctl ; •* Cut *- ¦¦ Onions, > 75c@
$1 00." per • sack; - $3 D0@4; . Green
Onions.' 2.">(S7»4Oc per box../" '. <-,¦¦¦ >-..¦.,¦••..;;.!
POTATOES-Early- Rose. .'85c@$i:SBurbanks.
25^t*>0c ¦ for River I and - eo@83c I for I Oregon ; . Gar
net ¦ Chiles - from | Oregon, .' $1@1 10 : Sweets, . 60c
for >: Merced; New; Potatoes, - l@2»4c x per lb.-
Receipts- were ' 1123 - boxes • Asparagus.
boxes . Rhubarb, . 656 ¦ sacks ¦ Bay Peas : and 193
sacks i New Potatoes. ¦•;. ¦-¦e-'r, "h; : . ¦
.•Four cars of Merced Sweets sold at 60c.Slde
wilk: Jobbers ; get a little: more. '- Other-Pota
toes and Onions . remain * unchanged. Garnet
Chiles "; continue ;. very • firm ' at . the : advance ¦ al
ready noted. ¦¦- . •¦:• - ; -, -. ;..' - : '-. ¦•<'.-. '•'•-'¦':
The. demand for Asparagus Is flrst-clasa, and
as .. the ', Bouldln < Island ¦ shipments ' have about
ceased I receipts are smaller,: and 'the market I is
very " firm. ' Rhubarb •¦ also' > keeps V steady .-, in
spite ' of ' free • arrivals, i the ¦ local ,< and' shipping
demand 'being ' good: : ' Tomatoes are ; : firm," but
640/ cases ¦ from Mexico , are : just In . and . they
may-affect -thernarkct.' -;¦ *'-'¦¦¦ : . « ¦--.-.:. ;:
8EEDS— Brown ) Mustard, nominal; . Yellow
Mustard, nominal ;•- Flax.* $2 E0@3; Canary, ' ihiQ
3»4cfor Eastern; Alfalfa. 7H@8>4c for Califor
nia .'and' 9©9*.«c for Utah; .Rape, 2@2Hc; Hemp,
3%c; Timothy,. 6ViC ;- --'
DRIED PEAS— Nilee.* J2<?2 50; Green, $2 70@
3 per ctl: Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions f and Vegetables.
The Bean market Is showing more life again.
Ltmas are selling briskly at an ; advance and
a good j shipping demand ' for whites, \ a Jded to
the < t3overnment ; needs, - keeps these 1 varieties
firm.-. Stocks • are i light. ¦ •: Colored « Beans con
tinue . neglected - and weak, ; with lower . prices
quoted' for Pinks. . • -
¦ BEANS— Bayos, $2 505?2 «!; Small White. $1 65
94.90-.-' Large White.- $4S?4 25: Pink. $1 8^ff2:
Red. -$3®3 25; Blackeye. $3®3 23;- Llmas, $3.S3@
6:, Pea, nominal; . Red Kidney, ¦ $3 75@4 . per
cU.'--': ¦¦;; . •:-. l -. : 1J -.v:- r-\V ¦ ¦ ¦ •' '
Beans and Seeds.
- HAY— Volunteer,: $i«?8: Wheat. $U-ffl3; Wheat
and Oat. IDW12: Oat. $9811 B0: Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa; $8@9 50; Barley. $7 *.0<33 50 per ton.
STRAW-33®47%c - per bale.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16 60@17 -per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the-mill. $25®26: Jobbtng,
$26 SO; Cocoanut Cake, $1T@1S: Corn Meal, $25(0
25 CO; ¦ Cracked ' Corn, $25 C0@2C; Mixed Feed,
$15i$16. ' • ' : "> •
BRAN-$15 50©16 per ton.- " .
MIDDLINGS-$16 50619 50 per, ton.
, Receipts of Hay are less excessive and the
market Is steady.*' with" 'reports • that .-rain
ivould be acceptable in- some sections. There
is no change in Fcedstuffs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual - discount to the -trade: Graham
Flour, - T3 ¦ per 100 lbs; r Rye -Flour, $2 73; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 60; Oat Groats, $4 50: Hom
iny, J3 60«3 75; * Buckwheat r Flour. ¦¦ $4^84 23;
Cracked V>"heat. •¦ $3 SO;- Farina. ?4 60; .Whole
Wheat Flour, »3 25; , Rolled •¦¦ Oats (barrels),
16 10@7 €0; In sacks, $5 75@7 25; Pearl Barley,
Hi Split Peas, $5; Green Peas. $6 CO per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California • Family Extras, »3 26®
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, (3 15@3 25!
Oregon, $2 75@2 85 per barrel for family and
$2 75(33 for bakers'; Washington, bakers', }2 75
<JX '--¦¦¦¦ ••.-.;. ..¦....-¦.
Flour and Millstuffs.
OATS— Rather more activity was reported
yesterday at ¦ unchanged prices. The usual
shipment 'arrived ..from 'the East.' • White,
Jl rt.-.igi 50; Surprise, nominal; Red, $1 SOiffl 40:
Black. U 15@1 25 per ctl. - .
CORN-Y;ellow. $1 10®l 15; White.. Jl 10@l IS;
Eastern mixed, Jl 12*4 per ctl.
-. RYE— 80<S85c per ctl. - ! ¦ t
Afternoon • Session— No sales
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.'
¦ Regular 'Morning Session' — December — 4000
ctls. 70c. ,, :. . ' /
.-• Feed; 76'«(*i77Hc . for '.choice ; bright; 73c - for
No. • 1 and . 72"^@7S"Jic for off grades; Brewing
and Shipping, grades, • 80@85c: Chevalier, nom
inal.. ¦• -• -
¦-Afternoon -Session — May — 2000' ctls. $103' I:
WVVIl 03*«..DecMnber-r20*V$l, 06%; 8003. $1 0i»?».
BARLEY— Wan. rather firmer again, wltu*ari
advance In bright feed. 1 '«'¦.. • '
' Regular Morning .' Session— May— 2WU ctl»,
$1 03H- - June— 4000. $1 f*3.- December— 2000, \\ 05;
8000; »l 0«H;'80oo, $1 06U. - • .» :
. Informal :Sesslon-r-9: 15 o'clock— December— 2000
ctls, .$1 05"W. ¦ *»•'.-••
. Second Session— June — 2000 ctls, $1 02*,*. May
—2000, $1 03»i, ¦.-•' • ' ¦'¦> ' '- »
CALL- BOARD- SALES,
Chicago ' was dull •a.nd- steady. . The shorts
covered on fears of Hessian fly in Kansas.' The
Cincinnati Price Current reported less scare
over the fly. with the crop in favorable con
dition, the weather being pood. All commis
sion- men- were -selllng-a- little. It Is the be
lief that Northwestern receipts will soon fall
off sharply. : .
.This market ¦• was . firm, ¦ with a slight Im
provement "in- futures.-
Spot Wheat— Shipping. _,J1@1 01%; milling.
U 02Vi®l 05 per ctl.
', WHEAT— The Eastern and foreign markets
showed little change either- way.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days; — • 34 854
Sterling Exchange, sight.:*....'. — 4 89'
Sterling Cables A.............. — 4 90
New. York Exchange, sight...*.." — 12V4
New York Exchange. . telegraphic — 15
Silver, , per ounce ,... — 63H
Mexican Dollars, nominal 53 @ Dl
Exchange and Bullion.
LOS ANGELES. March 28.— In the casa
of Ng "Wing, a Chinese, charged with the
murder of "Wong: Woon. another Chinese,
a jury this mornin*-; disagreed and was
discharged. The killing- of Wong Woon
was the result of trouble between rival
tongs.
Chinese Escape Conviction.
Th» fcllowlr.B are the FeaBonal rainfalls to
4ste es " compared with tho*e of same date
]a*t ••«>"-:. and rainfall in last 24- hours: -
firth Meridian— Pacific Time>
FAN FRANCISCO, March 2S. 5 p. m
Weather Report.
"'Psme concern was nianifeEted over the pros
pecte cf a ruptu'r* between Russia and Ensr
land in the Far ETat-t. Such sensations may be
expected at any tim*. Russia continues her
rlnv: but irrepressible policy of land grabbing,
sn<i •seems determine J to take from China a
c-nfidrrable "w>rtion uf her rossesslons ; but
*he is more likely to accomplish her purpose
r>v» maintaining- » -policy cf steady pressure,
vi'l-Jing when she must in preference to. war.
Rufmh. with her tremendous schemes of gov-
erterrrise arid heavy financial ob
li^atljn?, is in no condition for war." ",\
"I-Ycra now en the crr-p Eituation will become
a more important factor. Winter wheat is re
ported in good condition and farmers are hold
ing much smaller etociie of wheat than usual.
Th» stocks cf corn in larmers' hands are also
f-r-s!'?r than at any «<ther time during the
Isst Fix \>a-5. In the United States the **tow
*re of wheat, corn. c«.iton and many other
agricalturcl products ore better off than 'for
many jears. and this oftords a bai>is for con
t;nu'd l'rofjTerity that should not be over
looked.
TI-* New Tork circular of Henry Clews says:
• 'Th* trcde situation Is generally satisfactory.
Her* and there sig-ns cf reaction from last
'-far's activity, such a< in the textile indus
itirf. ce.n t* noted, but this Is by no means
C-ncrsl. On the^ cor.tr.trj' th«>re are reasons
frr Mirvint that th« txpansion in busln»sp
•111 continue for forr.e time to come. The
rhrnom'-nal activity in the lrcn trade thow»
«v» fuepettiosi of at'atin-f; the demand for Ft eel
end iron products b»ins? very largely the re
mit of the great variety of new uses to which
fftl i* brinp arr'l'*d and to the great demand
for etructural mat°riai«-. Along the Pacific
Oia^t tli/rj i* wonderful development in pro
rr*"?*: tiot onlA- in oil but In other natural
resources in which that region abounds. This
development of our aatural riches will be the
basts ot" buf inejs expansion for some time to
feme, to eay nothing cf foreign fields which
t.re rapidly opening 10 American capital and
ciitM-priw.
The Trade Situation.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST. «
Shares Closing
Sold. Storks— v Bid. |
16.700 Atchlson : 615s!
2?.2M Atchlson prefd 5»5U !
4,100 Baltimore fc Ohio 92U '¦
300 Canadian Paciflc 93'. »i
10.300 Canada Southern 64 |
6.S00 Chesapeake & Ohio 46% 1
1.6"0 Oiicago Great Western .. 23
S9.70O Chicago Burlington & Quincy.:.. .169
6.100 Chicago Indtanapolls A Louis .. 37*i
. £90 Chicago Indianapolis & Louis pfd.. 72ij
200 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 117>;
¦300 Chicago & Narthwejtern 177 - 1
21.600 Chicago Rock Island & Ptciflc?....129 '
600 C.C C & St Louis 80',j
7,500 Colorado Southern 12
400 Colorado Southern 1st prefd ..-. 47Vi
1.709 Colorado Southern 2d prefd.. 22^4
1S.100 Delaware & Hudson :..'.. 167^
-9.600 Delaware Lackawanna & Western. 206 !
9.100 Denver & Rio Grande 47%
. 3.0.10 Denver & Rio Grande prefd fflU
lrtl.6<>0 Erie ;.....- 3<5
13.SW Erie 1st prefd ..".. 69»i
700 Great Northern prefd j201Vi
103 Hocking Coal 17
1.20ft Hocking Valley :... 54^
2.200 Illinois Central .' .....136* t !
1.000 Iowa Central 3lU j
1.2<V) Iowa Central prefd 1 60*; j
hV) Lake Erie & Western 584 !
600 Lake Krie & Western prefd -.126 }
Lake Short 21014
7.7<v> I^oulsvill^ &' Nashville '...... ...'..... 100
22,200 Manhattan L 124«-i
2.UK) Metropolitan Street Railway 16l'i
14.400 Mexican Central 25
1.600 Minneapolis &. St. Louis... 86
800 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 112
HMO Missouri Pacific : lf»2*i
2«) Mobile & Ohio .-• : 80
4.600 Missouri Kansas & Texas 25
5.700 Missouri Kansas & Texas pretd.. 5S
SOO New Jersey Central 154«i
13.100 ¦ New York Central 146*i
1.600 . Norfolk & Vestern .• 51H
1.000 Norfolk & Western prefd Si
126.100 Northern Pacific '•¦•¦./ ...95
22.500 Northern Pacific pre fa ..." 92H
15.200 'Ontario & Western-.... '. 35V»
....... Orison Railway -*- Navigation,'-... 42
<">repon Railway & Navigation pfd. TS
20.300 Pennsylvania 153!i
14.W0 Reading 35>i I
11.700 Readin«l»t prefd •74S i
Z3.500 neadtntr 2d-pf»M- w 50- j
Rio Grande Western 81 1
500 Rio Grande Western prefd 105
2,300 St I/)uis & San Francisco 4V4
Pt Louis & San Francisco m pfd.. S4»i
L9flO St Louis & San Francisco 2d pfd.. 68
1.20ft St TvOSls Bouthw^stern ..: 35^1
5.300 St Ix>uls Southwestern prefd 64*1
27,700 St Paul »......'. ........149ii
100 Pt Paul prefd D54H
. '.. St Paul & Omaha .125
I2.W0 Pouthern Pacific . : 4S»i
22.SM0 Southern Railway- Wi
8.700 Southern Railway prefd ..'. 79^ !
7.4JW Texas & Pariflc ; 34>i |
S1.8W I'nlon Pacific 91^ 1
2.100 ITnion Pacific prefd.: 84*i
2.SOO Wabash ...; 21
15.SOO TVabavh prefd- 4"»4 j
16.M0 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2Mi |
11.300 Wheellnr & Lake Erie 2d prrfd.... 37
6.60<) Wisoonsln Central 20141
1.400 Third Avenue 122
100 B&ltlmore *; Ohio prefd JM
2.300 National Tube, t r (2 I
1,3)0 National Tube prefd,- 1 r..r,........117 1
Express Companies—
Adajr.s 1B0 1
, SCO American 2no
COO United' States 71
Wells Fargo 144
' Miscellaneous-*
1.C00 American Cotton 1 Oil 21?i
American Cotton- Oil prefd .....85
American Maltlnc ;.. 6%
American Malting prefd ; 27
1.W0 American Smelting & Refining...... 52
4,100 American Smelting & Ref prefd/... 91
~ American Spirits , ]tj
... . American Snlrlts 4>refd 17
S.700 American Steel Hoop 43*4
2,200 American Steel Hoop prefd % ... 94*i
8.J00 American Bteel & Wire 44'i
2.100 American .Steel & Wire, prefd...... '.110
4.200 American Tin Plate...; 73
200 American Tin Plate prefd 117'4
4,600 American Tobacco 12512
-American Tobacco prefd 144
700 Anaconda Mining Co.. 453£
19.W0 Brooklyn Rapid- Transit..., M»£
18.000 Colorado Fuel & Iron .; Go
1.500 Continental Tobacco 44*i
SCf) Continental Tobacco prefd. ..104&
13.100 Federal Steel ..-. 60
6.000 FedtraU Steel, prefd 103U
1.600 General Electric 217
600 Glucose Surar .' ....;.....: 49
Glucose Sugar prefd v 9~>>i
-400 International Paper ..^28
200 International Paper prefd. 78
Laclede Gas- SI
1,400 National Biscuit 40";
200 National Biscuit prefd 95>A
;co National Lead 15H
National Lead prefd; 83 s ;
4,200 National Steel :.- .....'. &4»,»
-1.200 National Steel prefd ..I16V4 I
... New York Air Brake 1J914
fCO 'North American « S7
Paciflc^Coast ;...,.. K
Pacific Coast 1st prefd.,.. S2
....... Pacific Coast 2d prefd Bl
500 Pacific- Mail ¦- 35*»
4.200 People's G»f ..:.:.... ............104%
SOO Pressed Steel Car... ; 37.
8,000 PrcssedEteel Car prefd... 79
2(0 Pullman Palace Car..:....... "01
300- Standard Rope. & Twine.... 4'i
1S.200 Sugar .......,....V ...141U
SuKar prefd' ....;.... 123.
4.KO0 Tenneshee Coal & Iron.. l,~,K
S6.2C0 United States. Ceather...... 13^
1LS00 United States Leather prefd... ...... 76%
9.700 United States Rubber....... 20^4
C.000 .T.'nlted States Rubber prefd.., 62*~
61,400 Western Union .:...; ; 93H
13.500 Amalgamated Copper ;«• S$%
7.200 nepubllc'Ironft Steel Co,..',..,...... 17%
4,100 Republic . Iron & Steel Co prefd..... 71 U
¦':. p c c & st Louis.....:. .-....; .-. 67
14.920 US Steel .„.:...;;.............. 44«i
149.S00 U S Steel prefd:...:......... 94H
L454.400 Shares'- sold. •
" 1. ' '.CLOSING '. BONDS.'. :'.'..- ,:
U S ref reg 2*.'.... .104 INjT C lsts. ....107U
Do coupon.... IOC 1 ! NJ.C gen 5s'.. ....133 .
U S.3s reg.. ..111*4 N- Pacific 3s... 72«J
Do 3s coupon..'... lll»i Do 4s... .....10.'%
Do new 4s reg...l3S»i NT O & fit L 4s..luS>^
Do new 4s coup-13S'» N'&'^V con 4s......lO3',4
Do old 4a rea-.-.'-USVA Or Nav 1»^.. 109-
Do old*4s coup.. 1144 -' Do 4s... 104:'
' Do'5s regrr:.-.....mH Or Short Line 6I...1M
Do fit coupon.... lllH Do con 5s.. ..:".... 116
Dlst of Col 3. 6Is... 123H Reading. Wen 4s..:. 95
Atchlson sen 4*....1C4U R.O-'W lsta. ."....;. 101*1
Do adj 4s 95 -t L * I M con Cs.IISU
Canada So 2ds.....lO8* ?t !• * S F gen 6s'.13! '
Ches & 1 Oi4»4s.....l08 St Paulcons..... > .l84V4
Do 5s.......'....^.12l»i St P C & P lsts....llg
Chi & N con 7S....14HS :Do.6s...... _120Vi
Do S F deto 5s.. .124 S Pacific 4s..v...... 93H
Chicago Term' 4s.. - 97 S Railway 6s.: .....116*4
Colorado So. 4i..... 884 Stand R & T 6s...- 58 =
D & R G 4s. ..... 1 ..102 Tex fc.Pac lsrs....l20
Erle.gen 4s:...*..:.. «9«; Do 2ds. :.....-. :-S5
F.W-& D.C lets...l07 . U:Pacinc 4s. ...... .105
Gen Electric ts.:..12O Wabash lsts.7..".."..119*!i
Iowa Cent lsts ...... 117*4 Do 2ds 110U
L &N unr<s..V. .'.102*4 Weet.Shore 4i......H5
M K. & T.2ds...... 80% Wise Cent lsts. 90*4
Do 4s...:,...:.r..-.9SVi'Va Centuries........ 95»4
¦ . -"MINING, STOCKS.' :
A«ami"Con;.i: ...... 23 Little Chief........ U
AlU-e..... ...".... 34 Ontario :.:...'.:..-.;¦ 9 <w
Breece '..:.. ..:.::.. :.l 20 Ophlr .-;..-.. ....... ' 72
Brunswick Con ,24 Phoenix'...... - " m
Comstock Tunnel... 05 Potoai- ? u
Con Cal & Va......-.2 00 Savagt ....... V.'.T. ".* U
tlnue. In view, of the coming ' quarterly s»ttle
rnents and the uninterrupted drain by the sub
treasury. Sterling -xchange also recovered to
day, renewing the . apprehension of gold ex
ports.
Business in bends continues large and new
points j>f strength develop from Jlme to time.
Total Mies. J5.605.C00.
United States old 4s registered advanced >.i
per cent on the last call.
'.--.-'"«'¦•. -V Afternoon Session. ¦
: 200 Challenged. •.'.„. -17 SOO Opblr ;..'..*...- 77
1000 Con Cal &,Va..3 25 200 Sierra -Nevada.- 3?
5100 Mexican ;...;:.¦. 38 COO Silver H1U. .....' 42
50 Mexican'.....:..; 1) tetyimaMsmhi
200 Best & Belcher 26 100 Occidental «g
60 Challenge ...... 13 100 Occidental 07
200 Chollar .........' 16 70O Ophir ....... 74
400 Con Cal &-Va.-.2 15 100 Overman ....... i«
600 Justice 100 Sierra Nevada. 3?
300 Mexican ........ 33 500 Union-Con:.....-. 20
Morning Session
Following were the , sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
MINING STOCKS,
?3 Alaska Packers*. Association 120 50
$17,000 Bay Counties Power Co, -6s 103 25
15 California Safe Deposit 106 00
30 California Safe Deposit 105 874
75 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar... SS 00'
20 Honokaa S Co 33 00
5 Hutchlnson S P Co ; 22 25
10 Kllauea Sugar P Co 21 37H
. 50 Makawell ; 40 87^
i::. MakawHl 40 73
$3,000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s bonds 121 00
$3,000 Oakland "Water 5s 100 00
55 Oceanic Steamship Co;....:........ 56 (10
K.000 Oceanic Steamship . bonds 1C4 50
20 F F Gas & Electric Co ?... 44 60
' ICO S F Gas A Electric Co /... 44 25.
25 8 F Gas & Electric Co 44 37H
J1.000 S F & S.J V bonds 121 50
- 15 Spring Valley Water 93 00
$1,000 Spring Valley is bonds Cd mt?)...104 00
«• Street—
$3,000 S F & S J V bonds 121 50
x .Afternoon Session.
• Board—
10 California Safe Deposit ......106 00
tO Contra Costa Water... 70 75 .
.'¦¦25 Contra Costa Water 70 50
23 Contra Coeta. Water.... 70 23
75 Hawaiian Commercial &. Sugar.... 6S 00
1W Honokaa S Co.. 32 00
100 Hutchlnson S P Co 22 12',j
20 Makawell 40 75
20 Paauhau S P Co.............. 22 00
140 S F Gas & Electric Co... 43 75
10 fcprlng Valley Water..... 92 50
Street—
B0 California Safe Deposit 108 00
$2,000 Spring Valley 4s bonds (2d mtg)...104 00
PRODUCERS' ; OIL, EXCHANGE.
* Morning Session.
Board — • ' •
400 California-Standard 43
100 California-Standard 42.
100 California-Standard 41
250 Caribou i 70
150 Four Oil Co. : 54
200 Four Oil Co '. 63
: 7 Hanford .'..-' • 90 00
75 Home Oil Co 3 90
60 Kern Oil Co 7 75
200 Kern Oil Co ............'.. 7 62tf
200 Monarch of Arizona, S 30... 53
200 Monarch of Arizona 65
100 Occidental of W Va 53
100 Oli City Petroleum 28
1500 Petroleum Center . IS
400 Reed Crude £6
50ft Reed Crude . 57
50 Ban Joaquln O & t> Co-, B (0. ....... 10 00
. to San Joaquln O & D Co 9 75 '
lOOOLlnda Vista ' 13
Afternocn • Session.
. . ' Board — .
600 Caribou 70
800 Four Oil Co/. 53
4 Hanford ..90 00
"BO Junction . ............. I.... 64
60 K«rn Oil Co........ .-. 7 SJij
100 Monarch of Arizona 53
6G0 Monarch of Arizona, S 90..... . S3
500 Monte Cristo 2 40
10 Petroleum Center ..: <13
500 Petroleum Center ¦ 13 ¦
2500 Reed Crude;... 57
200 Raed Crude,' B 30.. 57 —
100 Shamrock .......; * ;; U
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
. Morning Session.
¦•."¦**: Board —
.lOOKern Oil. Co... ....;....... 775
100 Kern Oil Co '. 1 62tf
1000 Lion. B 60... i 20
1000 Maine State 50
.200 Monarch. of Arizona-... ;.:.... 57
200 Monte Cristo .•....:...".....»........... 2 40
200 Occidental of W Va..... W
200 San Joaquln O A D Co, B. 30.. ..;..., 9 50
: 200 San Joaquln O & D Co. B 39.' » 62%
¦'¦* ; Afternoon Session.' ¦ ¦
Board- MM
500 Bear Flag 18
500 California-Standard 43
100O Monarch of Arizona 56
:¦ 150 Monte Crtato . S 83
: 400 Petroleum Center ;.:..:... 13
Mornin: Sessioa
Board —
Anglo-Cat .... 70 77«4 Lon P & A. ...144 —
Bank of Cal... — 411 Mer Ex (liq).. IS —
Cal Safe nep.lOo^lOQ S P National. — 13
1st N of S F. — 31214
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1S30 1900 Sav & Loan... — —
Humboldt — — Security 273 —
Mutual :. 50 — Union Trust .. — —
S F Sav U/...510 "—
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
Callfornla-st .. — ' 140 O 3- L & H.V.. 40 —
Oeary-st ....... 47% — . Presidio — 30
Market-st «9V» — ¦ , , . »^_ ' :
' POWDER ' STOCKS. - '"= " '
Giant Con Co. 80 82 IVlgorit 2H 3H
.SUGAR STOCKS.^
Hana Plan ... 7 \8 Kilauea 21 22
Haw Com .... 63" — Makawell . 40 41
Honokaa -31T4 — • Onomea 2S*i Z3\i
Hutch 8 P.... 22 2214 Paauhau 31T» —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska. Pack. .120^121^ Oceanic SS Co 53>i 66'i
Cal Fruit Can — — Pac A F A ... 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.100 Pac C Bor Colo- —
Mer Ex . Assn.105 — Par Paint Co. IS —
EANK STOCKS
. INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund.235 — |
Bay C P C-6s.l03mO5 Oceanic SS 5s.l04'^105
Cal-st Cab 6s.ll6'i — Om C R 8s....l2s?i —
C C Water" 5s. 108?; w_ p ac G Imr> 4s. — 1004
K L & P 6s...l28«/il33ti Pk & Cl R 6s. 105 —
F & Cl Ry6s..ll3 — Pk & O R 6s. 117 —
Geary-st R 5s. — — pbwell-st R 6».12O —
Haw C 5',4s....lO8i; — S E G & R 5s. 95 — •
Haw C 0s 104Vi — S K & SJV 6S.121U122
It A R R 5s...m« — S R of Cal 6S.110 —
LALC06S..- — S P R of A 6s
Do gntd 6s.. — 104 (1903) 113 —
Do gntd 5s. .100 — Do (1310)..... 113H —
L. A P R R 5S.10J1* — S P C S« (1905.
Markt-st C 6s.l2;««sl3O Series A).... — 110H
»r^? lst ~ c 5s - l:l — Do(Series B)U1UU1H
N C N G R 7s> - 113% Do (190«) — 113t!
N R of Cal fe. 113 — Do (1912) 122*i —
N R of Cal 5s.l2Oi$ <-* S P C 1st g 5S.106H —
N-P C R R &S.103H — S P Br R 6S..133H —
NCR 5s Ill — s.V Water 6s.U3'j —
O G ¦ L & H Ss.llO\4 — S V Water 4a.lO3\104
Oak Tr Co Cs. 11514116% Do 3d mtg...lO2i-i —
Oak W Co 6s..lfr.> lOOH Stkn G & E 6s.l0u —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 63 T /« 71 I Spring Valley. 92 SCSI
Marin County. 63*; — |
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P.. — 4 Pac Lt Co.... — 43
Eqult Gas .... 3 3% Sac E G & R. — 40
Muf Elec Lt. — 8U S F G & E.... 43»; 44
O G L & H... SO — San Francisco. 4»« 44
Pac Gas Imp. ~ 43 Stktn G & E. — 14
MISCELLANEOUS. BONDS
UNITED STATES BONDS.
¦; ¦ Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s coupon 114<4115%Us coup fnew).13xVil33\i
4s registered.. .11314114 ' |3s quar coup..lll»4ll2ii
THURSDAY. March 58— 2 p. m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
There was an active business on the morn
ing session of the Bond Kxchange. with an
advance in Spring Valley Water to $93 and a
decline, in Gas and Electric to $44 25.
'In the afternoon Contra Costa Water declined
to J70 25, Spring Valley Water to J32 60 and
Gas 'and Electric to $43 75.
Business on the /oil exchanges in the morn-
Ing was better again, with weaker quotations
for California-Standard and an advance In
Petroleum Center. There was nothing n«w in
the afternoon.
The Aztec OH Company has declared a divi
dend of 3c per share, payable April 1.
The Central Point Consolidated Oil Company
has declared a dividend of 2c per share, pay
able May 1. ..
Rejoicing at San Jose Because of Re
markable Number of Bequests
About the Product.
SAN JOSE. March 23.— There Is reneral
rejoicing: at the headquarters of the Cali
fornia Cured Fruit Association over the
receipt of 600 letters and postal cards dur
ing: the past two days inquiring for
"prune primes," receipt books and general
information regarding prunes. This is the
direct result of the extensive advertising
of - prunes which -was inaugurated
throughout the- Bast about ten days ago.
The officials of the big prune combine be
lieve this Is but the forerunner of a re
moval of the prune crop into the channels
of consumption. Inquiries received cover
all the territory east of the Rockies.
Yesterday six carloads ofprunes were
sold for Eastern shipment. These were of
small &izes. While this order cannot fc«
attributed solely to advertising, it Is be
lieved that In a few days there will be a
rush of orders. • : ¦
EAST IS INTERESTED
IN CAUFOBNIA PRUNES
STOCK MARKET.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Coal Oil, Benzine -and Gasoline marked up i~2C.
Quicksilver for local use slightly lower.
Dealers talking of another rise in-Hams, B.acon and Lard.
Silver 'off a fraction. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat futures slightly higher. Barley advanced a fraction.
Oats, Corn and Rye as before quoted.
Xo further change in Hay and Feedstuff s.
Lima Beans higher, whites firm and colored' weak and dull.
Quick demand for the early Vegetables.
Potatoes and Onions steady and michanged.'
Xo furtlwr variation in Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Poultry, weaker, with more stock on the market.
Movement to form a union of berry growers and dealers.
Oranges and Lemons plentiful and weak.
Mexican Limes weaker under fresh arrivals.
Nothing new in Dried Fruits.
Hols still firm and extremely scarce. ¦'. .
Oil stocks rather more active again. . • '
Fcry fair trading in local stocks and bonds.
Coal freights from the colonies softening. '
WASHINGTON. March 28.— To-day's state
ment, or the Treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
tn the division of redemption, shows: Available
cash balance, $113,967,831; gold, $96,843,648.
NEW YORK, Maich 28.— Money on call,
steady at 2'4ff3 per cent. Prime mercantile
paper, 3>i@-4" per cent. Sterling exchange,
firm with actual business in bapkers' bill at
$4 ?S'i for demand and at $4 84% for sixty days.
Posted rates, $4 85«4<54 89: commercial blile.
$4 ?4i@4 84«4. Silver certificates. 59*ie61c Bar
ellver. SSHc. Mexican dollars, 49c. Bonds-
Government, firmer; State bonds, strong; rail
road bonds, irregular. . ¦
New York Money Market.
LONDON, March 28.— Atchlson. 63U; Canad
ian Pacific. 96%; Union Pacific preferred. 86?4:
Northern Pacific preferred, 93"^; Grand Trunk,
9M; Anaconda, $%. Bar silver, easy; 27 7-16d.
Money, 4®4& per cent.
CLOSING
Business on the Stock Exchange . here wu
brisk to-day and the tone was one of cheer
fulness throughout the market. .American
shares were buoyant throughout the list and
throughout the day. London was a buyer of
Northern Pacifies, Denver preferred and Eries.
Coal stocks were strong. New York supported
prices freely. Berlin bought calls on Northern
and Union Pacifies. Erles and Readings chiefly
for the end of May or the beginning of June.
Gold to the extent of £100.000 is going out to
South America. The bank has bought £18,000
of gold bars.
Money was unchanged. The market bor
rowed £2,000.600 from the bank.
NETT TORK. March 28.-The . Commercial
Advertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
BOSTON" STOCKS AND BONDS.;
Money— West End..:........ 34Si
Call loans :,2HW3^ Westlnghse Elec.".. 62W
Time loans :.3U®4 Bonds— .
Stocks- Atchlson 4s......,i.lO2
Atch T & Sta Fe.. 61H N E Gas & C 5s.. 6S
American Sugar...l41U Mining Shares-
Do prefd .' 122 Adventure '15
Amer Telephone. ..169% Allouez Mining Co. 24*4
Boston ft Albany.. 236 Amalg Copper...... 99» 4
Boston Elevated. ..1744 Atlantic ....32
Chi B & Q 168^ Boston & Montana.353
Dominion Coal..... 4S«i Butte;& Boston..:. 98
_Do prefd....: 110 Calumet & Hecla. 850
Federal Steel....... fiO Centennial ...j..... 27
Do prefd .....103'i Franklin 21
Fltchburg prefd. ..144H Humboldt 25
Gen Electric 2174 Osceola Ml,
Do prefd 200 Parrot .............. 52H
Kd Elec 111 .260 Quincy ...175
M*x Central 24*4 Santa Fe Copper...- SM
Old Colony.. .209- Tamarack 335
Old Dominion 24*; Utah Mining ... 3SU
Rubber 20 Wtnona ; 4»i
Union Pacific 91*i Wolverines .". 61
Union Land 314
DeadTrood Terra.... 60 Sierra Nevada.:..... 32
Horn Sliver 1 10 Small Hopes........ 65
Iron Silver E8 Standard .X.. ..4 00
Leadvllle Con.;..:.. 05
: Harrison's circular; says: ."Since i the ; Sierra
left ; there ; have ' been J the \ following . coal i deliv
eries ' from ; Newcastle, , N.'-' S.'v W.V . vis. : Hougo- 1
mont,*5 3820 ' tons ; ' Cape • Horn,"- 1241 : tons ; 1 Drum
mulr.'2763 tons» ; Diiplelx, •';' 2985 tons; Anna, . 40S3
tons; Commandant Marchant," 2968 . tons. ' Total
17,S>66 tons. • ' Our . total Australian deliveries for
January. and February only -, foot up 13,737 tons-
In i February. > there - was ;: but. • one arrival ' ''OOO
tons. AThcre : are twenty-six vessels on the en-
Ragedllst'to load and!afloat. : of 'a capacity of
72,000 1 tons : ; some lot j these 1 will . not '' arrive I here
for ; 6lx -. months.^-; Coal ¦ freights \ from the < Colo
nies i are > softening, - as . vessels are novr procur
able I at : 15 1 shillings ; per i ton, - and 'with ¦ present
asking t prices ' of ? coal * f .*. o. ,'b. ; covering; sale*
cannot .'be ' made. -• The j outlets . for * our 'coast
products i are • minimizing i monthly,-- within six
months .fully 75 per, cent of air the steam coala
consumed here; win be dejivered'oft shore, into
steamers,; etc.); Last year, and formerly s 90 per
cent of all; the steam coals delivered here from
the I coast 1 and •¦ foreign ; ports % were 1 utilized - In
land. -These changes emanate from i the liberal
production 1 : of (Fuel Oil,"* which :-> Is ~ Increasing
monthly,". . , and ; v Is ; finding r - new ¦' consumers
weekly,: as Us utility and its economy are now
B COAL— Welllngrton, $9 per ton; Southfleld Wel
lington. i$9; Seattle, $7; Bryant,": $7; > Coos Bay
J5 50; Wallsend.' $9; -Co-operative Wai lsend • 19-
Cumberland, 1 |12 in. bulk J and' J13 In sacks :
Pennsylvania -Anthracite! Egg, $14; Cannei $10
per ton: Coke, $15 per. ton in bulk and $17.in
sacks; I Rocky,- Mountain I descriptions. $8 45 per
2000 ' pound* and %& 50 - per - ton, : according 'to
brand. .: ¦ • • ' -.-¦ , ¦ "¦;'¦-?¦•>.¦
¦« BAGS— San '-• Quentln Bags, ~ $5 65: ; Calcutta
Grain Bags,' June and July,'. 7c; ; spot,: 6Ti@7c;
local' make, -Uc; less -than Calcuttas; Wool
Bags, 1 ; S0@34c; ; Fleece ' Twine. .7>4®8c. % - ;
General Merchandise.
. ¦ PORK— Live Hogs. 180 - lbs and under. 6«4O
6Hc;>lS0 to 225 lbs. ¦ 6V«c ; 225 • and over. 6@6',4c;
feeders. ; dressed Hoes. 8H®9Hc. - --- .
LAMB— Sprlnjr, : lCigilc per pound,
¦Hogs continue very scarce and firm, with a
good demand.
BEEF— 7©8c for Steers'and 6©7Hc per lb for
cows. .' ig3*tiK6SI ..,..- 1 , : .' .
VEAL — Larce. 7@8c; small, 9c per. lb. '
MUTTON— Wethers, 8©9c; Ewes, 7H®8J4c per
pound.--;- ¦'. \ ;.•' '-•.-•.•.'.. ¦•.-*-'. .
San Francisco. Meat Market.
HOPS— 15S20o per lb.
HIDES AND SKINS-^nilij and brands .sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 'j 9Vic: medium, 8'/4c: ; light. ' 8c. Cow
Hides. 8V4c for heavy. and 8c for lleht; Stag?.
6c; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal, 8c; Salted Calf.
10c; Dry.Hldes. 15U C ; Culls, 13c; Dry.Klp, 15c;
Dry Calf. : 16c: Culls and Brands. 12@13c; Sheep
skins, shearlings. 15025c each; short Wool,"30@
40c each; 'medium. 50®65c:f Ions: LWool. 75c@$l
each; Horse Hides, salt, |2 £0 for large and %2®
2 25 for medium, JIG 1 25 for small and 50c for
Colts: Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for. large. $125
for medium, $1 for email and 50c for colts. Deer
sldns — Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or medium
pkjns,- 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c. Goatskin's,
Prime Angoras, % 75c; large and smooth, 50c;
medium. '35c. - * '.. '• ' .-.¦•¦ • . : • .
. TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4&c per lb; No. 2,
3yt,s 4 C ;- grease. 2©2%c. -. i : 'i .
•¦-- WOOL^-Sprlng, 1900— Humboldt and' Mendo
clno, 15@16c per lb: Northern, free, 12® 13c; de
fective. 9@ lie; Middle County, free, lO^Uc; do,
defective, 8@10c: Southern. 12; months, S39c:
Southern, free, 7 months, 7©10c:do, defective.
7 months, 7©8c; Oregon Valley, fine, 15@16c; do,
medium and coarse. 14@15c; . Oregon, ¦ Eastern,
choice, 12fl He; do, fair to good, Duller Nevada,
10@12c: Fall— Humboldt and Mendoelno. , '110
12c; . Middle ' County : and Northern, S@9c; San
Joaquln, 6®7c. . ,.- : :-:. ".,
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hobs.
The Chicago market " was . heavier yesterday,
with lack of support and . considerable realiz
ing. The local market continued firm, with
light supplies and - dealers * talking Of another
advance likely to occur any: day. :.-. ..' '
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 11 He per lb ; for
heavy. ¦ 12@12«4c for light medium. 13c for
light, 13V4c for extra light and 15@15Hc for
sugar-cured; Eastern • sugar-cured Hams.
12V>#13c;' Mess Beef, J12 per barrel; extra
Mens.:$12 50: Family. $13 50; prime mess Pork.
J 130 13 CO:- extra clea/-, ,$22; Mess, $18; Smoked
Beef. 13c per lb. "
LARD— Tiefcen quoted at 6?ic per Mb for
compound and 10c for pure: half -barrels, pure,
lOVic: 10-lb tins, 10%c: 5-lb tins. lOTic
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 8%c: three
half-barrels. 8Uc: one tierce, ¦• 8^»c ; two tierces,
8c; five tierces. 7T»c p«r:lb. -: ¦ -
Provisions.
HONE Y— Comb, 13%@14c for - bright and 12*4
@13c for light amber; water white 'extracted,
7Hc: light amber extracted. 6U§7c; dark, 6©
'BEESWAX— 24®26o per lb. -
, FRUITS— Apricots, 5@7e" for Royals and $W@
10c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 3H®5c;
sun-dried, 1 1 ,4©2%c; Peaches, Z@Z%c for stand
ard, 4@4V4c for choice and 5&6c for fancy;
Pears, 2@7c; Plums; pitted, 4S5c; unpitted.l®
l%c; Nectarines, 5@3V4c for red and 6V4@6c for
white.-
PRUNES— Santa Clara, 4 sizes, 3c; 30-40s, 7c;
40-508, 6^c; 50-60s, 4V4c; 60-70s, ZKc; 70-80S, 3^c';
80-90S,. 2Hc; 90-lOOs. 2Vic; 100-120s. lV^c; rubles.
He premium: Sonomas, He. and San Joaqulns
Vic less than Santa Claras exeept 100 and over,
which stand the. same.
RAISINS— The Raisin ; Growers* A'ssoclatlon
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy. 12c per lb;.- choice, lie;
standard,- 19c;- prime, 9c;, unbleached Thomp
sons.'9c per lb.- Sultanas— Fancy. 10«4c per lb;
choice. 9V4c; standard, S?4c; prime. 8c; un
bleached . Sultanas, 8c; Seedless, 50-lb . boxes,
6V4c; 4-crown, 7c;s3-crown. 6>4c;- 2-crown, 6c.
Pacific brand. 2-crown, 6c: 3-crown, . 6%c,
and 4-crown. 6Hc:ieeeded (Fresno prices), fan
cy, 16-ounce, 7c; 1 12-ounce. . 5Vjc; choice. 16
ounce, 6%c: 12-ounce, e'ic: ¦ London ¦ Layers,
2-crown, Jl 60 per box: 3-crown. . $1 60; Fancy
Clusters. J2; Dehesa, $3 50; Imperial. . $3. • All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points In
Calif 01711a, ¦ --' ¦•- • .'^ •- .'¦ > ¦¦¦ . » -«/~..i> ¦-.
NUTS— Chestnuts.. 8@10c per lb for Italian;
Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 10c;. No. 2. 7%c; No.
I hardshell, 9\tc; No. 2,. .7c; Almonds, i«@i3c
for paper-shell. 9®llc for softshell ; Peanuts.
Big6c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts, ,13c: Filberts,
13c: Pecans. 'l$13c; Cocoanuts, $3 50^5.
'Dried Fruits; Nuts and Raisins.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, 60c©$l 75;
Seedlings, ; Tangerines. -50c@$l 25; Japan
ese Mandarins. $l(fil 50: Lemons, 50c®Jl for
common and .11 25<S2 •• for good to choice;
Grape Fruit. ZOCiti-: Mexican Limes. Vit" 50;
California Limes, nominal; Bananas. {1 25@2 5U
per bunch; Pineapples, 75c@$2 per dozen.
APPLES — 50® 75c ' per box for common and II
©1 75 for good to choice and tZt&t 25 for fancy.
There v.-ere 5 chests of Strawberries' received
yesterday. ,¦ Oranges and Lemons continued
weak at previous .prices. Arrival of^34 cases
of Mexican Limes, and. prices for fnls fruit
are lower. Eight . cars of Oranges -are an
nounced for to-day's auction." ,
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
STRAWBERRIES— 75cff $1 per drawer for
Longworths and — ««- for Molindos. - *
A movement is on' foot to form an organiza
tion to be known; as" the California Berrymans'
Protective j Union,- and. an : agreement to this>
effect has been signed by most of the commis
sion merchants handling' berries. It will also
be circulated ; In the country for. the growera"
signatures. / Its ; object Is to guard .against lose
of ' chests, , to have all chests branded -and the
brand recorded with the secretary \ and also
with • the County Recoraer. > aiid . to see 1 ' that
chests .are never \ sold unless .. by process of
law, with the passage of a bill of sale between
the, buyer and. seller.. Penalties are to be en
forced ; against '¦ all violations - of these . rules.
The union la to be conducted by an executive
board, consisting of one member from each of
the ¦ following .(districts: San Francisco, So
noma, Santa Clara, Sacramento River and
Watsonvllle.
Stocks of Butter continue too liberal and, the
market ' is qucted . weak. -.- -Receipts are " still
large. '
Cheese', and . Eggs "are quoted steady on the
Dairy,; Exchange, and. the latter are still being
bought : up ,.by speculators , for storage.
'"; Receipts as reported, by the Dairy, Exchange
were: 78,700 pounds of Butter, 1678 cases Eggs, :
&900 pounds California Cheese and pounds
Eastern ; Cheese. -
.BUTTER— - \ • -
. ; Creamery— Extras, 16c; _ firsts,- 14c; seconds,
Efairy— Extras, 14c; firsts, : 13c: seconds,—;
store, ,11c... : . . . ...
Storage — Creamery extras, ; firsts, — — ;
seconds, ; dairy extras, . ".
Pickle,; — - per pound.
Keg, —.per pound. 1 '
' CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, -9c; choice,
Sc; common, • nominal: * Young - Americas. 9Hc;
Eastern, full' cream, .15@16i4c per lb. •.•• "
• ¦ EGGS— ¦-,¦.¦¦¦¦-•¦-.. ' -. •
' California . Ranch— Selected ; White. 13%c;
mixed colors, 1214c per doren.' • ;
California Gathered— Selected, 12 Vic; stand
ard. 12c; seconds,' . ' -^ " ¦
Fresh , Eastern— Fancy, - — ; standard," ;
seconds. . »•
Storage — California fancy, ¦: standard,
; Eastern fancy, ; standard, ; sec
onds, , .
" Daftduous aytd Citrus . Fruits.
Butter; Cheese and -Eggs.
the .demand. -»._Very •¦ small - broiler* ' are begin
ning, to lie around.'. No .'Eastern came In, but
63 coc-psof local stock arrlved.Tg§SS|
-There is nothing new in Game. •
> POULTRY— Live " Turkeys, ' 10<912c / for , Gob
blers and . 12«13c ,¦ for ¦- Hens ; Geese, per ' pair.
$1 75@2;' Goslings. $2 50®2 75;:Ducks, $5 50(g6 £0
for old and JSigO for. young; Hens, $4 50@6;
young Roosters, - $7(58 : old Roosters, J4 &0@5 50:
Fryers.-; J6@7: Broilers, tW6 for - large and
*2 50@4 for ema'l; Pigeons, J2 per dozen for old
and. J2 6022 76 for .Squabs. .- :• '- ;
GAME— Grsy : Geese, ¦; $3: White Geese,' $1;
Brant, $1 50 for small and $2 for large; English
Snipe, " $3 50; - Jack Snipe, ¦ $1 50; Hare, $1 25,
Rabbit3, |1 25 for . Cottontail and 75c@U for
Brush. ¦ ' , - ¦ - •¦ ¦
Corn— Spot, firm; American mixed new,33 lid;
do, old, 4s W; .futures, quiet; May, 3s 3',4d;
July. 3s 10%d; September. 3s lid.
:' " : > , j
LIVERPOOL. March 2S.— Wheat— Spot, firm;
No. 2 Red Western, 6s Vid; No.- 1 Northern
Spring, 6s 3?id; .No. 1 California, 6s 3Vid; fu
tures, quiet; May, 6s Id: « July, 6s Tid. .
LIVERPOOL, March 2S.— Wheat— Steady; No.
1 Standard Cal.,' 6s 3>}d@6s 4d. Wheat In Paris,
quiet; French country, markets, . quiet . and
steady.- Weather in England, fine but cold.-
COTTON— Uplands. 4 19-32d closing."
v CLOSING. '*
LONDON. March 28.— Consols. 95 11-16. Silver.
27 7-164 French rentes, lOlf 40c. Wheat-
Cargoes on passage, quiet and steady; No.'l
Standard Cal., 23s 6d; Walla .Walla. 2Ss 9d.
English country markets," quiet.
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA, March «2S.— WHEAT-Qulet 'and
steady; bluestem,' 69Vic; club, 67c.
WASHINGTON,
PORTLAND, March - 28.— WHEXT— Walla.
Walla, 67c. ,, ¦ \ -. ¦ .-• -¦>--•'
Foreign _ wheat exports from Portland (or
the week ending to-day were 457,035 bushels.
OREGON.
Northern' Wheat Market.
PORTLAND,' March 23.-Clearlngs, . $!48,667;
balances, 136, 1^0. .-• ; /»,- ••.*..
Portland's Business.
¦ NEW YORK, March 2S.— The cotton market
closed steady with a net rise of 1Q©15 points.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK.; March . 28.— Despite the- loss of
5s ,tn the 'price, of; tin in; London our market
for that* metal ion a the '*- spot- article ; showed
crntlnufd, firmness, ''owing 'to* a lack of selling
pressure. r with -final •¦figures' on the < basis of
J26 40(g2B 60. The close at London showed spot
tffbe £116"2s 6d-,and 'the • future option £114.
Copper was featureless, closing unchanged.
I*ad was - dull ,,at' $4 ZV£. Spelter dull ;. and
without quotable., change.' Piglron : warrants
dull. . $3 50@10 50; " Northern' foundry, *15 £0®
$16 60. ¦¦,¦ . ' .-, - i
'New: York l Metal Market.
* HOGS— Receipts . to-day. -. 20,000: '•'-. to-morrow,
18,000: left over,' 3500. ." Strong, active, good de
mand. ¦ good -clearance." Mixed and -butchers,
15 855?6 10;; good to choice.: heavy, $6ft« 12%;
rough heavy. $5 85@5 95; light; *S 80@6 05; - bulk
of sales. v $5 95Q6 05. • " - V ¦ ¦•¦:;¦¦'<¦¦ :. ¦ -. :
: SHEEP— Receipts. -16,000. Sheep and lambs,
steady , to '¦ strong: top, . $5 45. ¦ Good to choice
wethers, $4 $0^5 05: fair .to choice mixed, ?4 50
@4 SO; Western; Bheep.'^ J4 'S0@5 05: yearlings,
f4 RO0515; native lambs.- $4 83@5 45; Western,
}5 15@5 45. ¦-.-, -.' - ....-•..„-„. ..... .- -
10,000. 1 v Steers, ;¦ 'steady « to "¦¦ strong ; ; butchers,
strong and active;, choice, feeders, shade higher.
Good to; prime steers, $1 95@<5 05; poor, to-me
dium;-$3,75.^.4 90;' stockers and feeders. J3.15®
4 85; cows.: $2 70®4 90; I heifers. I J2 75(3* 60; can
rers.'. J2©2 60;" bulls, $2 6004 50; calves, ¦• $4 $0®
5 75; 'Texas. fed steers. S4S5: grassers, %Z 40® 4;
bulls,'- »2.75©3 75. : v . .
Flour, qr sks 9.735|Straw, tons. .' 28
Wheat, ctls....... 1.370IHay. tons... 37S
Barley, ctls 6,S25!Pelts. bdls ,.. 64
Oats, ctls ..... S20Hldes. No 3R1
Corn, ctls 370: Sugar, ctls soo
Bran. sks......... l,3*fl Chicory, bbls 50
Middlings, sks.... 420,Wine. gals........ 76.200
Potatoes, sks S.l'OILlme. bbls 22S
Onions., sks • 100 Leather, roll*.... 110
Wool, bales. 472 Quicksilver, risks 144
EASTERN.
Oats, ctls 5001
FOR THURSDAY. MARCH 23.
Receipts- of Produce.
confirmed. For domestic purposes Coal will re
tain • its supremacy, ' as 'the effective ; character
istics of * Oil ; are • more .", than - offset by the
smell, the smoke and ; the danger attending It3
use," as Insurance rates would be Increased.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Rennlnjc Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
" Crushed, 6.05c: Powdered. 5.65c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.65c; Dry Granulated. 5.55c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.55c: Masrnolla A, 5.15c; Extra C.
5 05c* Golden C. 4.95c: barrels, 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes,- 50c more; 50-lb bag*.
10c more. No orders taken for less than 75
barrels or its equivalent. Domlnoa, half-bar
rels. 6.30c: boxes, 6.55c per lb. .
QUICKSILVER— Is lower at U6 50*347 for
local use and J45 per, flask for export.
COAL OI U GASOLINE AND BENZINE—
Are each V-c higher, aa follows: Water White
Coal Oil.- In - bulk. -13"4c; Pearl Oil. In cases.
19ttc; -Astral, 19Hc; Star. 19<*c; Extra Star.
23%c; Eallne, 24Hc; Eocene. 21V4c; Deodorized
Stove Gasoline, in bulk, 15c; do, in cases. 21c;
Benzine, In bulk, 14c; do. In cases. 20c; 86 deg.
Gasoline, in bulk. 2Gc; do. In cases, 26c per gal
lon. • , tESf*KPMft**«aW»ia
THURSDAY. March 2S-4 p. m.
. Bid. Ask. I ¦ Bid. Ask.
Alpha 05 07'JustIce 03 01
AHa W> OSiKentuck u 03
Andes <W OTlLady Wash 01 02
Beleher '-9 W< Mexican 3? 49
Best & Belcher W r»i Occidental H e?
Bullion 01 62jOphlr T> so
Caledonia 77 73 Overman H 1*
Challenge Con.. 17 19;Pctosl 14 15
Chollar 15 17. Savage 11 15
Confidence 79 ft 1 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..2 "» 5 33lseg Belcher.... 01 02
Con Imperial... — O2lSterra Nevada. - 3<» 3->
Con New York. — 01 > Silver Hill 42 43
Crown Pornt... 13 I5'3t Louis OS —
Eureka Con.... fl« — IStandard 4 CO 4 40
Exchequer 01 C2 'Syndicate — C4
Gould & Curry. 18 171 Union Con 12 21
Hale & Norcrs. 14 13 1 Utah M 07
Julia OX 02 Yellow Jacket.. 13 21
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
3M Best & Belcher 27 SCO Crown Point.... 13
200 Chollar 18 3no Mexican 31
250 Con Cal & V...2 25 500 Mexican
2C0 Con Cal A V.2 22S 500 Ophlr TS
150 Con Cal &. V.2 C'i 20O Ophir T9
400 Con Cal & V...2 30 720 Union Con 22
Afternoon Session.
50O Alpha. Con...... OS 2C0 Gould * Curry. H
BOO Belcher ........ COt SCO Mexican ......... *»
400 Best & Belcher 25 ' 30O Mexican 3T.
too Best «: Belcher 21 400 Mexican* ; »
SC<» Best A Belrtier 27 9C0 Ophlr .• 7>
400 Best & Belchei I6 200 Ophlr - "*
750 Con Cal & V...J 13 300 Ophlr M
soo con cal & v.2 IT'H MO Potosl l->
400 Con Cal & V...2 20 200 Sierra Nevada. 3i
ISO Con Cal & V.2 22*4 M0 Union Con 21
60 Con Cal & V...2 25 300 Union Con 12
tCO Crown Point 12 1
Morning Session
. Follo-w Ing were the sale* lp th« Pacific Stoc*
Exchange yesterday:
THE S AN : .: FK A-N CISCO CALL, FRIDAY; M^RCH 29 V J1901;
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
LOCAL MARKETS.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— • . , .!. ¦'¦,.- May., July.
Opening I.'.'...".'. V..."..'.; 6 I.-;' : 6 %*
Closing. •••' '• ...« 1 ' 6 Ti
¦;• PARIS.";
\ Wheat— • . \ March. May-Aug.
Opening .. 1, ...... 1? 55 ' 19 55 ' •
Closing: ¦¦'.. :."... ..:.'.;:...¦.-;. is 60*" .19 35
< Flour— • "¦JiTHJIWI— MBBMBBWHiB flfl
Opening. ..'.............. ".:'. 23 49 . 24 4i
Closing. .....................:... IS <}.- 24 43Y
CHICAGO. . March / 2S.-^CATTLE-j- Receipts'
83
8
ATK
ONS
DNS.
Last I This .
[21 Hour* Season, j
Last
r Season.
- i ! !
j
ki
?nto
.ncl«
denei
is Ol
rel*s
Co...
sco
¦¦•>
'bispo...
s
.. 0.00 41.H
... «.<X» .! 12.17
.. Trac» I 17.1S
..! Trace 18.S4
... 0.00 10. M
0.00 R.W
... O.OO I 27.62
O.no I 14.10
0.00 I 9.C8
43.52
13.07
15. 4S
17.02
7.09
2.SI
14.M '
».&6
3.18
ATK
ONS
DNS.
Last I This .
[21 Hour* Season, j
Last
r Season.
- i ! !
j
ki
?nto
.ncl«
denei
is Ol
rel*s
Co...
sco
¦¦•>
'bispo...
s
.. 0.00 41.H
... «.<X» .! 12.17
.. Trac» I 17.1S
..! Trace 18.S4
... 0.00 10. M
0.00 R.W
... O.OO I 27.62
O.no I 14.10
0.00 I 9.C8
43.52
13.07
15. 4S
17.02
7.09
2.SI
14.M '
».&6
3.18
OCEAN" TRAVEL
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ Steamers leave Broadway
te^ wharf. San Francisco:
r^y>Sw For Alaskan Ports— 11 «. m ..
taB&«yBfc \prll 1. Chans- to company's
lwf»3 ! «|h steamers at Seattle.
HTftKrara For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
(«^3gM C). Port Town-iend.- Seattle.
ES^S2rtC**4l Tacoma, Evorett. Anacnrtei
and New Whateom (AVash). —
11 a. m.. April 1. and ev-»ry
fifth day thereafter. Changs
at Seattle for this company's -rteam<*rs for
Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Seattle or Tacoma
to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 3 p. m.. March
23, April 3, and every fifth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara.' Port Loa Angeles and Redondo <Los An-
geles)— Steamer Queen. *tVednesdays, » a. m. ;
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon, Cav-
ncos. Port Harford (San Luis ObUpo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport—
Steamer Corona, Fridays, 9 a. m. ; steamer Bo-
nlta, Tuesdays, «9 a. m.
For t Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymaa tMex.V— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders-.
The company reserves ths right to chang*
steamers, sailing dates and hours of- sailing
without previous notle*.
TICKET OPFICE-M New Montgomery
street (Palace HotMV
GOODALL. PERKINS &"CO.. "Gen. A-rts-..'
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
.PORTLAND
From Sp»ar-street "Wharf at 11 a. m. i
CapC $12 First Class Including Berth
IMnu $3 Second Class and Meals.
COLU3TBIA sails Apr. .1
GEO. W. ELDER sails Mar. 29. Apr. S
Short Line to Wolla -Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and to all points la the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
¦ 1 Montgomery st.
AMERICAN LINE.
HSW TOaK. 8CUTHAMPT05, tOSDON, PA&I3.
. Stooplntr at Cherbonnr. westbound.
From New Tork Every "Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New York April 1" New York May t
Vaderland April 17 St. Paul May*
St. Louis April 24 St. Louis May 13
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New. York Every Wednesday. U noon.
Southwark April lOlZeeland May 1
Westernland ...April lTiFriesland ... May " 1
Kensington ....April 241 Southwark May 15
INTERNATIONAL. NAVIGATION COMPANY
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Arent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery at.
TOYO KISJBN KAISHA.
STEAMERS "WTLI, LEAVE 'WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe CHlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkonr with sttamera for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailln-r.
S3. HONGKONG MARU.Tuesday. April 9. 13<H
SS. NIPPON MARU Friday, May S. 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU. Wednesday May ». Vtn
Ronnd-trip tickets at reduced rates. "-For
freight and passage apply at company's office
Cl Market street, corner First.
- | ' W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
PANAMA R, R, SK*?r
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DI3ECT.
Cabin. 91OS: Steerage. 9J-4O-
S. S. Roanoke sails Tuesday, April 2
S. S. Leelanaw sails Saturday, April 20
S. S. Argyll sails . . Monday, If ay 6
'From Wharf. Harriecn St.. 3 p. m.
Freight and passenger office, 230 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR, Paciac Coast Agent
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO,
And CIA 8UD AMERICANA PE,VAPOSES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. . Central
and South American ports. Sailing Lombard
wharf. 12 m. .
AREQUIPA. ....Apr. 4|PERTJ jipr _
LIMARI .........Apr. 17.GUATEMALA .May —
These iteamers are built exrressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No chance at Acapulco or Panama.) Freisht
and passen-rer office. 31« California street. . -
I3ALFOUR. GCTHR1E & CO.. Agents.
occanics^xo.s 1^
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia..
Friday, March ». 8 p. m.
S3. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only)
....Saturday, April S. 2 p. m.
J. I.SPBECKIS & BROS. CO., Cutral Annts, 327 Mi-fef St
San'l Paaansw Otfia, S43 Hartrt iL, Pig la, 7, Paefc St
C0HTAS5IS SSNESALE TaAJnATLANTIdtTS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS. Ia+m*
Satllng every Thursday, Instead of <CLfCL3
Saturday, at 10 a. m.; from Pier 42. •~4*K3G*i
North River, foot ot Morton street. First class
to Havre. $55 and upward. Second cla.-s to
Havre, W5 an.l upward, GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA. 32
Broadway (Hudson bulldlnjr). New York. J. F.
FUGAZI & CO.; Pacific Coast A-tents. 5 Mont-
gomery avenue. -San Francisco. Tickets sold by
all ¦ Railroad Ticket A-rents.
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U.S. NAVY YARD AND YALIEJO.)
Steamer •* Montlcello."
MON.. TUES-. WED., • THUR3. AND BAT
at 9:43 a. m., 3:1a, 8:30 p. m. (except Thurs-
day night); Fridays. "l p. m. and 8:30; Sundays,
10:30 a. m.. S n. m. Landing and office, Mt-«-
¦ton-st. Dock, Pier No. 2. Telephone Mala 130S.Control of the Mexican Central Railway has
been secured by New York Interests, and at
the annual meeting in May It is expected that
there will be a complete change in manage
ment. \V. I... Snow of W. 1^. Snow & Co.. who
have- been heavy purchasers of shares In the
J»ew York market and recently openly solic
ited proxies from shareholders, announced to
day that he had been entirely successful In
necurlng a majority of the shares, and that
those for whom he was acting are now In ab
solute control of the Mexican Central Railway.
The. Identity of the interests for whom the
property, has been secured Is not disclosed,
but the acquisition was made, it 1st stated, for
one of the two connecting railroad* at El
Paso. They are the Atchison and the Southern
Pacific, and It Is believed that the purchase
has been made for the older comnany. The
older Beaton interests tn the Atchison system
wera also largely interested in Mexican Cen
tral, and at present there Is considerable
identity of Interest in the ownership of ths
twa properties.
The Mexican Central extends from the south
of the Rio Grande River, opposite El Paso, to
the City of Mexico with several branches.
Altogether it operates - about 2100 miles.
Including new mileage . recently com
pleted. Its outstanding stock at $25.
600 per mile la $47,973,110. The main bond
issue la $64,643,000 consolidated fours, but alto
gether over $65,800,000 of bonds are outstanding:.
and the company has earned a small surplus
over its shares. . - ¦ .
PIONEER INVENTOR
SUMMONED BY DEATH
Jean Baudouin,. Who Was Prominent
in Early Mining Days, Dies.
. • Near Grass Valley.
GRASS'VALLEY, March 28.— Jean Hear]
Baudouln died at an -parly hour this
morning at his home at Boston Ravine at
the age of 67 years. lie came to Grass
Valley from his. home in Angulum,
France, In the early fifties and engaged in
placer mining with indifferent success. He
worked In the Kenneiv mine of, Amador
County In 1866 and was badly hurt by a
blast.
On returning from Amador he invented
a, mechanical attachment for a rocker
.which saves sulphurets from tailings. The
device is operated with success by local
Frenchmen and othera. The . sulphurets
secured are sent to chlorlnatlon works for
reduction. Baudouin was highly educated
In the French language. He led a very
secluded life with his wife and three
children.
OIL STRIKE STIRS •
AT.T, MONTEREY COUNTY
Discovery at San Ardo Creates In
' tense Excitement in the Neigh-
, borhood. .
SALINAS. March still
continues to increase In Monterey County
over the strike made by the Tom Bov Oil
'Company In the San Ardo district. There
was a depth of forty feet of crude oil In
the well last night, but this was lowered
somewhat at noon to-day. That oil la
.there In large quantities the owners feel
; sure and are confident that by drilling a
little lower an immense quantity will be
obtained. The -grounds near the oil well
,are being visited by large -crowd's.
Samples of the oil" have beeii secured and
brought' to "Salinas. -." .
YOUNG MAN TERMINATES
LIPE WJdLLLE DESPONDENT
Son of Millard Moore, Who Shot
\" Isaac George in San Joaquin,
Commits Suicide.
STOCKTON, March 28.-Ivan Moore,
son of Millard F.» Moore, who shot Isaac
George recntly, blew his brains out to
night with a shotgun 'at Farmlngton.
Friends and relatives disclaim any knowl
edge of the cause which led young Moore
to kill himself. He had been despondent
of late, but was In good health. An in
quest will be held to-morrow.-
Mystery Surrounds Reported Prose
cution of Ex-Postal Official and:^
Gonzalo de Quesada by the
'.'^•Tr'-V ".'¦¦ Governor General. .
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. .WASHINGTON, March 28.— Great
mystery "surrounds the reported action of
Governor General; Wood in beginning the
prosecution of 5 Gonzalo* do iQuesada and
Horatio S. Rubetis in Havana. Secretary
of War Root said to-day that he had not
received .any information from General
Wood, about the matter. He remembered,
however., that General Wood had commu
nicated to the department the information
that Rubens was no longer connected
with the prosecution of the postofflce
fraud cases, but he did not know the rea
son of .. this, . ar. all proceedings in that
case were now In charge of the fiscal or
prosecuting officers at Havana. .; It is
known that there has been much
friction between General ' Wood and Ru
bens. ¦ Rubens has been frequently -al
luded to as the- "eyes and ears of Secre
tary'Root in Cuba." .
«He was formerly chief clerk In the law
offices of Secretary Root's firm. He came
into prominence in connection with the
Cuban Insurrection by being employed us
counsel for the Cuban Junta in the United
States. It is said by officials of the de
partment that neither Senor QuesadiC nor
Mr. Rubens hari any connection with the
acandal over the change in the rate of
duty on crude petroleum.
Secretary Root Ignorant of
Cause of Charges Against »>
Rubens. ;^
WOOD'S ACTION
NOT UNDERSTOOD
SAIC DIEGO. March 2S.— The steamer
Belgian King arrived this morning from
San Francisco and immediately com
menced loading her cargo of steel rails
for the Orient. There is more than a full
cargo of freight for her here and she
came In ballast for the purpose of movlnjc
all of It that she could across the water.
She will take about 3S0O tons of railroad
Iron and 4000 bales of cotton, besides the
miscellaneous freight that may offer.
Steel Balls for the Orient.
LOS ANGELES, March 28. — In the cas«
of R. H. Thompson of Brooklyn, N. T.,
against the Perria Irrigation District a
jury in the United States Circuit Court to
day awarded the plaintiff $6403 Interest
and $1901 75 added interest. Thompson
owned 430,000 worth of Perrls Irrigation
District bonds, on which interest had been
defaulted, and sued for the face value of
the bonds and accrued interest*. He still
retains the bonds.
Bondholder Awarded Interest.
jamin We Wheeler. Professor Charles B.
Winir, Professor Otto Westerfeld. J. H. G.
Wolf. Edward Zschiesche and Professor Fred
erick Hesse, the guest of honor.
Luther Wajroner, George H. Wallis, C. K.
"Wsymouth, Dr. H. 1* Wagner. Professor Ben-
Schulze. Irving Stringham, Charles D. Stelger.
John E. Straehan, J. H. C. Stut, Irving M..
Scott. James W. Smith. James Spiers Jr., D.
Stelzner. Carl TThlig. Dr. V. G. Veckl. H.
Vlscher, O. Von Geldern, Edward "Worcester,
Marsden Manson. Professor C. D. Marx.
Richard McCann, L. It. Alead. Herman
Meyer. James D. Mortimer. C. F. Moulthrop.
Paul W. Prutzman, Professor Albln Putiker.
J. R. Price, F. N. Paget, Lieutenant Georsr*
B. Pillsbury. Thomas RIekard. Thomas Vf.
Ransom. Dr. A. G. Rosenthal. Harry V- Roe<1
lnsr. Dr. JuUns Rosenstlrn. Dr. Charles IT.
Roese, E. T. Schild, Frederick Slate. H. T.
Cummlng, Ira Currier. Georye V. Day.
A. J. Dickie, George \V. Dickie.
W. G. Dodd. II. S. Dutton, Major
C. E. X. n. Davis, Godfrey de LlsU, Dr. G.
Dresel. Captain Herbert Deakyne. P. F\ Dun
don. H. I* nemeritt, VT. J. Drew. I>r. Eek
hardt. Otto Faleb Jr.. L. Falkenau, Joseph F.
Forderer, Professor John Fryer. C. E. Grun
sky, I>r. Gustav Gutsch. Dr. Arnold Genthe.
C. lr Hall, W. W. Hanscom. Olcott Hankell,
• Jeonre J. Henry. Colonel W. H. Heuer, J. O.
Harron. C. W. Hewitt. Dr. Paul Herbin*. L.
D. Hunt, Charles F. Hoffman. W. F. llynes.
D. C. Kenny. Professor XL W. Haskeli. Theo
dore S. Hittell, Edward E. Haas. A. M. Hunt.
S. C. Irving'. Georse Johnson. Edward C.
Jones. r>r. E. J. JeKInek. James W. Kerr.
Richard Keatlnge. Dr. H. Kohlraoos. Herman
Kower. Dr. F. Kuckeln. Dr. M. Krotoszyner.
T. Kaarsberg. J. P. Kuhlmann. A. C. Lawson,
Professor Joseph Le Conte. J. N. Le Conte. L.
J. I<e Conte.. W. A. Luta. Dr. H. T. Legler.
Dr. Z. Levin. Adolph Leitz. Oscar Lewis, W.
A. Lynn, Walter Magw. Dr. Max
Magnus, R. S. Mason, E. C. Moore.
Dr. A. Barkan. George Bromley. A. E. Chand
ler, L. F. ChesbrouRh. H. . D. H. Conalek.
Clarence I*. Cory. Georgre Cummins. Oeorg* M.
In honor of twenty-five years of earnest
labor devoted to education in the Univer
sity of California, Professor F. G. Hess«
was tendered a complimentary banquet
last night at the California Hotel. Around
the festive board, which was weighted by
a wealth of tempting viands, were gath
ered many brother professors of the guest
of honor and nearly 150 friends, many of
whom had in years gone by been his pu
ralls. The tables were decorated artistical
ly with roses, lUles, lilacs and wreaths of
fragrant foliage and evergreens. Between
the different courses college songs ami
yells were in orrier. and all present joined
in singing "For He's a Jolly Good Fellow*
In honor of the popular professor.
At the conclusion of the banquet the fol
lowing responses were made to the toasts:
Professor F. G. Hes»*. iruest of the evening:
Professor Joseph L» Ctmte. '"Science Applied
to Practical Pursuits": Professor Albln Putz
ker, "Our German Educators": Irving M.
Scott, '"The Future of the Entrineer and th*
Mechanical Profe? slons In the Twentieth Cen
tury": Dr. Oustav Gutsch. "The Relations of
the German Technologist to the United
States"; Professor Clarence 1* Cory. "Elec
tricity the Power or the Future"; Professor
Charles I>. Marx, "The Technical Society of
the Pacific Coast. Its Possibilities" ; A. M.
Hunt, "Mr. Hesse aa a Professor of Mathe
matics In the United States Xavy." Dr. Behr
also spoke, and a telegram of congratulations
from Ross C. Browne was read.
Those who were present were:
Charles Butler, A. C. Habaon. Herman Barth.
N. M. Bell. Dr. H. If. Behr. R. Benzln*er. A.
J. Bowie. Ross El Browne. T. W. Brooka, Al
lan C. Burdlck, P.. Broemmel. A. T. Braytcn.
Former Pupils and Fellow Peda
gogues Assemble to Celebrate
• His Twenty-fifth Year / ,
of Service.
Gather at Banquet Board
- and Tender Educator
Best Wishes.
FRIENDS HONOR
PROFESSOR HESSE
P FBLL i TWENTY "i FEET-F. \ Becker. ', : em
ployed -• at the - furniture '. store : of ¦-¦ Kulse &
Bradford at -* 760 Mission ' street, .- fell twenty
feet - down * the ;, elevator : shaft yesterday. H<?'
escaped with' a few. slight injuries^
NEW YORK. March 28.— Joseph A. Con
lin, the postoffice clerk, who .was recently
arrested : In . San. Francisco, . charged with
the (43,000 robbery: of. registered mail. last
.fall, pleaded guilty to-day and will be sen
tenced to-morrow.- • ~ ' - •¦ > .-• -
Conlin Pleads Guilty.
OAKLAND, March 28.— Herman Panto
sky, who Is noted for his wealth, acquired
In the junk business, was granted a di
vorce from his wife, Rica Pantosky,' to
day upon the ground of desertion. Pan
tosky Is 70 years of age and the divorced
wife is his second spouse. They had trou
ble over property matters, and Mrs. Pan
tosky'went to Ban Francisco, taking with
her a lot of her husband's wealth. Bhe
sued him for a divorce, and he retaliated
and won his suit. '
Mrs. Edlth-A. Folline to-day filed suit
against William A. Folline for divorce
upon the ground of desertion.
• Joseph Bardelllnl was to-day divorced '
from his; wife, Mary M. Bardelllnl, she
having eloped with another man.
Divorces Granted.
. Mrs.* Mary;Lw i Thomas, 501 Jessie street,
secured a warrant ' from Judge Cabaniss
yesterday ' for ; the arrest of Thomas 7 Wil •
liamsion the chargeof. battery. 'She said
she ;had ;become j suspicious , of her j.hu.s
band,\iT. r : J.<, Thomas,?. who Is a .draughts
man; ln^ the employ of , the' Market-street
Railroad; Company; 'and :,when*, he -left.
home -Wednesday night she followed him
He. met -Williams :B.nd, they .went to- a'
nouse i on ' Stockton street.' ¦-. She ran : up to
them and accused Williams of leading her
husband astray, and she. alleges Williams
struck her a vicious ? blow; on / the ¦ face,
blackening, her eyes.. „ -
Tracked, by Suspicious Wife.
Superintendent of Schools "Webster part
ly agrees with " , Director ; Dcnnian that
where boys predominate In schools ; men
principals are better qualified than women
to, maintain discipline/ He thinks the
proper solution of : the question; ¦ however,
Is the separation of the sexes after the
pupils have reached the' age of 13 years.
In Boston and other cities when a boy has
reached the age of 12 years he is put un
der a male teacher, and Webster hopes to
see the day when a similar state of affairs
will prevail In this city. He adds that the
schools over which women preside are all
In a high state of efficiency. ;;' .
Webster Opposed to Co-Education.
Washington Eaces.
"WASHINGTON.' March^ 28.— The spring
meeting* of the "Washington Jockey Club
began at Bennlngs to-day. The weather
was pleasant and the track good. Re
sults:
First' race, six furlongs— Sadie S -won. The
Rhymer second,' Magic Light third. Time, 1 : 15 •
Second race, . the Arlington, half-mile— Sweet
Clover, won. . Dolce ; Far Nlente second, Rossalr
third.* Time, :B0 3-5. ; :
; Third race, ¦' maiden = steeplechase, about ¦ two
miles— Queenshlp won,. Prince Midas .- second.
Time, 4:28 2-5.' Two starters.
¦ '. Fourth race, Benninsrs' spring handicap, six
furlonjrs— KnlghV of Rhodes won. s Alslke. sec
ond. - Charentus t hirrl. ; Time. 1 :17. , ¦ > »asjM«*i«ewS
• Fifth race, half mile— William H won, Fllll
form second, Red Damsel third. Time, ':S1.
Sixth race. . selling. > mile and forty. yards-
Belgrade "won, * Knight : of the Oarter second,'
Charawlno third. Time. 1:48 2-5. \
The Shinglers' Union will elect "officers
at .its meeting to-night at: 1159 Mission
street. After the election a social will be
given ft.he members, at which I there will
be a basketful of fun. .
Shinglers to Elect Officers.
Labor 'leaders have succeeded in organ
izing the Ship Clerks* Association. A char
ter roll containing about seventy, names
was signed a few nights agro, and perma
nent organization is expected to be effect
ed at a meeting to be held next Wednes
day at the Steuart-street headquarters.
Ship Clerks Organized.
Efforts are being made to organize
building trades councils In different parts
of the State. One has already been formed
in Stockton, and It is proposed to enlarge
the field or operations. From these or
ganizations It is proposed to form a cen
tral council, with headquarters in San
Francisco, that will be able to regulate
affairs as the central and executive body.
Building Trades Council.
! Everything Is quiet at the Union Iron
Works, although the striking members of
the ship fitters' union claim they are re
ceiving daily accessions to their ranks..
Apart from the natural- delay caused by
the breaking in of new men, the managers
of the various departments claim that no
mconvenlence is experienced. Hundreds
of applications are daily filed for posi
tions, and the men who can prove their
capacity, coupled with previous experi
ence, are readily - engaged. The strikers,
to the number of sixty or more, meet daily
In the Potrero Opera-house, and after
hearing reports and passing resolutions
adjourn. So far none of the other branches
of trade have been affected by the strike.
Some talk is also being Indulged In re
garding a strike among the workers In the
eteam laundries, but so far there seems to
be no tangible basis for It. None of, the
laundry workers, care to admit that the
matter is even being discussed. The laun
dry proprietors are also reticent upon the
subject and do not care to discuss the sub
ject. :
Officers Bakulich andO'Rourke and Spe
cial Policemen Oeorge Downey and George
Duffleld rushed up to the alley in time to
see the combatants: running down the
street, and could discover no wounded
men. Yesterday It was learned that both
Ah Bow and Jung Kong had been shot In
the shoulders and badly : injured.' They
were found in squalid quarters and re
moved to a place where their wounds
could be properly dressed. : - ,.
.The shooting was caused by a difficulty
In which a woman was, concerned. ,The
lady had four f admirers, and her atten
tions to one of them - aroused f he jealousy,
of the other three. As the quartet passed
from the house a rock was thrown from
one of the windows,*" and one of the
wooers' friends was accused 'of having
cast it. A' challenge' to' fight was given,
and the parties, after having, secured
weapons, returned to the place and bullets
commenced to fly. •--'
•The police have just made the discovery
that : Ah | Bow and ' Jung j Kongr; two Chi
nese, were ; shot . and possibly fatally
¦wounded in a battle which occurred in
Sullivan alley early Monday morning.
Notwithstanding the fact that patrolmen
and special officers were on the scene im
mediately after the shots, were fired, the
wounded Mongolians, were .spirited away
by their countrymen and kept in hiding
until they were" located yesterday and
sent to the office of Dr. Buckley, at 514
Kearny street, for medical treatment.
DIED IN THE COUNTY HOSPITAL -
Georre McEntee was taken from 406»i Third
street to the Central Emergency Hospital yes
terday. Dr. Armistead made a hasty examina
tion of him and from the diagnosis thought it
advisable to have him removed to the City
and County Hospital at once. From -the time
of bis arrival there at 4 o'clock until 7, when
he died. McEntee remained In an unconscious
condition. The coroner wa» notified and had
the body removed to the Morgue.
BEN* NAPTHALY RUN OVER-Ben N'ap
thalv. who at ope time was a recognized figure
about the police courts of the city, was run
over by an express wagon driven by ¦ Eroll
Williams at Montgomery and Market street*
yesterday. Williams was arrested and book
ed for battery, while Napthaly had a rut over
the- eye stitched at the Emergency Hospital
by Dr." Armstead. Napthaly has Just return
ed from Honolulu, where he had been for
come time.
residence of Mrs. a. A. Moore, comer of Fill
more and Jackson streets, to-morrow, between
the hours of t and G p. m., for the benefit of
the Pioneer Kindergarten Society. An ad
mlarien of 10 cenU will be charged.
SEEKS AN ACCOUNTING.— Julius Levy
Bled Rilt yesterday against his partner in the
liquor businew, Morn* Newman, for an ac
counting: and a dome dlgsolvlnir the"co
partnership. Levy alleges that Newman wrong
folly possessed himself of $270 70 belonging to
the copartnership and committed other alleged
offenses wblch necessitated the filing of the
euit. •
AGENT McCAEE GOES TO HONOLULU.—
Internal Ticvenue Agent John A. McCabe has
received orders to proc*>ed to the Hawaiian
Islands to look after Chinese registration and
other matters. He will leave this city in a
few days and expects to remain in the Islands
several month*. Mr. SlcCabe had charge of
the office in this city during the absence of
Mr. Thomas In Honolulu.
PION'EER KINDERGARTEN BENEFIT.-
An afternoon tea and fair will be held at the
FREDERICK UECKER INJURED.— Freder
ick TWker. .head shipping clerk for Hulse.
Bradford £z Co.. was treated at the -Receiving
HoepiUil yesterday morning for a contueed
tpln*. He received the Injury by falling down
an elevator shaft.
MUSICAL LECTURE.— Rev. Thomas P. Mc-
Lauehlln will deliver a musical lecture at
Metroi>olltaT» Hall. Tuesday evening^ Atirll 9,
en the "Shamrock, Rose and Thi»tle." The
lecture .Trill be under the auspices of the
Young Ladies' Institute.
•THE RKAL SIBERIA."— Tickets -for the
lecture by William Mitahell Bunker on "The
Re^.l Siberia" will be placed on sale at Sher
man & Clay's April 6. The lecture In for the
benefit of the Children's HoFpltal, and will be
given Monday evening. April 8.
POOLSELLI.SG CASES DISMISSED.— The
ea*es of Harry Gorman. Edward Bert and W.
H. Knlll. noolsellera, arrested tt the Ingleslde
track by Lieutenant Anderson on the day the
track T 1 . a« cloced. were dismissed by Judge
Cabanisa yesterday as there had only been a
technical violation of the law. •.. ....
BRIEF LOCAL NEWS.
A Pre that started in the basement of
the St. Hubert Wine Company at New
.Montgomery and Howard streets early
this morning spread to the manufacturing
house of P. A. Beckeaxt & Co. The dam
age v;as $4000.
Early Morning Blaze.
Police Discoyer Victims
of a Battle Over a
CHINESE ARE SHOT
AND HIDDEN AWAY
Mr. Moody was married in 1854 to Miss
Adeline. Wright, by whom he had three
children— William C. Moody. Mrs. Nellie
E.-Appleton and Mrs. W. F. . Blood. He
wan divorced from his first wife,. who Is
living "With her daughter, Mrs. Appleton,
in.Napa County. William *C.< Moody : and
MrS. Blood live in Oakland. In 1881 Mr.
Moody, mnrrlefl, Mrs. Mary Robinson, wiio
has twa children, . Mrs. r Edmund 8. Gray
and Mrs. Margaret Robinson.' both of
whom live with their, mother in this city,
j Funeral- services will be held Saturday
at 3:30 O'clock in the chapel Of the Inde
pendent Order of Odd Kellows' crematory,
in San Francisco. The body will be in
cinerated.
ama and settled in San Jose, where they
resided until 1866.- He then moved to San
Francisco and engaged in the lumber,
flour and cattle business for nine years.
In 1875 Mr. Moody became president of
the First National Bank of Oakland. Dur
ing his work in that capacity he raised
the bank -to one of the foremost of the
State and established in the community
a splendid reputation for himself.
On account of a severe illness Mr. Moody
retired from his position in 1891 and dis
posed of his bank stock. Later he as
sisted in organizing the Central Bank, but
soon retired In order to attend to his own
property interests, j
. During his business career Mr.' Moody
was interested financially in the Pacific
Iron and Nail Works, California Iron and
Steel Works. Judson Iron Works, Califor
nia Cotton Mills, Oakland Glass Works
and the California Hosiery Company. He
was also a heavy stockholder In the Oak
land Home Insurance Company. ,.
In 18S8 Mr. Moody was elected one of
the fifteen freeholders- who 'framed the
present city charter of Oakland.
Ehipfitters Are Not Yet Able
to Agree on Basis of
STILL STANDING
OUT ON STRIKE
BERKELEY. March 2S.— Volney D.
Moody, a pioneer capitalist . of
this State and former president
of the First National Bank of
Oakland, died last night at .half
past II o'clock at his home, 1725 Le Roy
avenue, this city. He had been ill for
nearly three years. Death was due to old
age. 3j v-
Mr: Moody left an estate of an esti
mated value of between $300,000 and J500.
000. It consists mainly of realty located
in Oakland and bank stock. According to
S will left two years ago the property is
to be distributed among- Jlr. Moody's wife
and his children by his first wife.'
The deceased was born in Rodman, Jef
ferson County, New York, April 15, 1823.
At the aee of five his parents took him
to Indiana and six years later to Milwau
kee, Wis. In 1849 he came to California
across the plains with his father, mother,
one sister and three brothers, arriving at
San Bernardino in December of that year.
They came north to San Mateo County,
where Mr. Moody engaged : in the lumber
business. Three years later he purchased
a sawmill in the old town, of San Antonio.
Thence ho moved to. San Jose and later,
selling' his lumber Interests, opened a
banking business in Oakland. -^ -' ¦'
In IStiZ Mr. Moody returned to Milwau
kee, purchased a band of horses and drove
them back to California. During the fol
lowinp year he returned to the place of
his birth and was married. ¦-•
Immediately after the wedding Mr. and
Mrs. Moody came West by way of Pan-
VOLNEY D. MOODY, A FORTY-NINER, WHO HAS MADE A NAME AND
A FORTUNE IN THIS STATE. DIED AT HIS HOME IN BERKELEY
LATE WEDNESDAY NIGHT.
- • : :¦ *J >'<-'P%
L0NG DEADLOCK
BREAKS AT LAST
Dietrich and Millard Are
Elected by the Nebraska
Legislature.
Thompson and Rosewater Withdraw
From Race and Their Nominees
Are Accepted by Accla
mation.
LINCOLN. Neb.. March CS.— The Ne
braska Senatorial deadlock was broken
to-day by the selection of Governor
Charles H. Dietrich and Joseph H. Millard
for the hhort and long terms, respectively,
llach received the unanimous support of
the Republican membership present, one
member beinj? aliment.
The end of the deadlock In reality came
unexpectedly two hours before the last
joint ballot of the session was to be tak
en. Seventy Republicans, In person or by
j'roxy, assembled in the caucus room of
the Lindell Hotel to make what was be
lieved l>y nearly all to be a final vain ef
fort to find a solution of the three
monfhp" bitter struggle. Seven ballots
had bf en taken without result on the long
term, when D. K. Thompson, the short
term caucus nominee, formally announced
his withdrawal from the race and sug
gested the name of Governor Dietrich as
liis eucce«tor. Meanwhile the North
J'latte light continued and Lorenzo
<'rounse jumped to a prominent place,
threatening a nomination at one time by
Ffuring ihlrty-nve votes.
The next sensation was the announce
ment of Edward Rosewatfr's withdrawal
in favor of George W. Uninger of Omaha.
Meanwhile J. H. Millard had appeared as
a new North Plane candidate and he im
mediately bocame a hot opponent of
< rounpe for the place. The ten boltinp
Republicans had entered the caucus be
fore Thompson'h withdrawal, and it was
then a complete caucus of party mem
l*r*. Mfs*rs. Meiklejohn. H. E. Martin
und W. E. Hir.fhaw withdrew.
Four ballots were taken. On the first
Governor Dietrich was nominated almost
by acclamation. Harlan receiving a few
votes. Two more disclosed a close nsnj
between Millard and Crounee. the second
balJct f-howlng thirty-two to thirty-four
In the former"? favor. Then the third was
taken and Millard had eaincd a consid
erable further lead. It was then biovpiI
to name him by acclamation, ana this
was done on the fourth ballot.
Both Thompson and Rosewater made
4-ddresses to the caucus in withdrawing:
Their names. Mr. Thompson said he be
came satisfied last night that he could not
hope to win. and for the good of the party
he would step aside. He would thank his
followers for their loyal support and
«-loeed by nominating- Governor Dietrich
us his choice for the short term.
Mr. Rosewater said: "I pledged ray
word to President McKinley last Decem
ber that I would not stand in the way of
Nebraska electing two United States Sen
atrrF. Th*» time has come for me to re
deem that pledge. Under the peculiar
conditions which now confront us I deem
it essential that my personal ambitions
l>e subordinated to patriotism and duty to
party. I desire to withdraw my name,"
The caucus adjourned at 10:30 o'clock,
;<r.d an hour and a half later its action
v.is ratified at the joint convention of the
legislature. News of the caucus had be
come generally known and there was a
irernendouB crowd in the hall of the
House when the ballot was taken. The
proceedings, however, were devoid of ex
citement. Following the selection two
nominee committees were appointed to
apprise them of the action of the Legis
lature. Mr. Millard belnR in Omaha.
Governor Dietrich alone appeared.
OMAHA, March 2S.— Joseph H. Millard
end Charles H. Dietrich, who were to-day
* lected United States Senators from Ne-
Viraska are both bankers and neither had
r*<!>n prominent in politics until within the
l&tt half yrar.
Joseph H. Millard was born in Hamil
ton. Canada, in 1S26. and came to Ne
hrmmiUL at the .it? of SO years, eince wblch
time he Kae been a resident of Omaha.
He was the founder of the Omaha Na
tional Bank, of which institution he is
MM the president. He was for many
> <?fars a director of the T.'nion Pacific Rail
ioad, but has not been connected with the
load under the new organization. He
never held an office of any kind before.
p.ni says he has not been inside the State
Capitol for 'twelve years. He will leave
ior Lirco'n this afternoon.
Charles II. Dietrich, who was selected
fur the short term, is Governor of the
State end president of the German Na
tional Bank of Ha*ting-s. He was born
at Aurora. III.. In 1SS3. and came to this
in 1SS7. Prior to his nomination for
Governor on the Republican ticket last
j esir he had never been in politics. He
had been a prominent and public spirited
citizen and one of the most noted bankers
of the State.
Governor Dietrich's election ! to the
T.'nited States Senate will raise Licuten
ant Governor Savage to the office of Gov
ernor. T-hfeh the former will vacate .upon
his Qualification as Senator.
PLAN IABOE BESESVOIHS
ON CALIFORNIA'S BORDER
Wcrk* Will Be Constructed Between
This State and Nevada Ben
' . flting Both.
WASHINGTON. . March 2S.-:Several
parties from the p-eoloKical survey, com
prising in all about 100 men. will begin
about April' 1 work on the California-Ne
vada border that is expected to involve
an lmmr r.Fe abount of labor and the ulti
mate expenditure of about 510.000.000. dis
tributed over a period of about ten years.
This is a, project to build large reservoirs
f.n the California side of the California-
Nevada bfirder line and the reclamation
of the fertile lands on the Nevada side.
Chief Hydrographer F. II. Newell said
to-day that the lack of conservation of
the water sources accounts for a steady
loss of population in Nevada. The parties
which will beirtn operations Rhortly will
work "mainly along the Truckee, Carson
and WeJker rivers. They will measure
the volume of the streams, the capacity
rf the r<-servolrs arid estimate of the cost
f>t building them. In the valleys the water
'A-hich can be used to best advantage will
be ascertained.
rATHEB PHILLIPS THINKS
STRIKE WILL NOT OCCUR
Does Not Speak Positively, However,
Saying' th« Conference Will
Decide Question.
WILKESBARRE. Pa.. March 28.— Presi-
rtcnt John E. Mitchell. Rev. E. Phillips
and the district president* of the United
Mine Workers arrived In town to-night.
Mitchell told a correspondent that he did
not know what the outcome of the meet-
Ing to be held in this city to-morrow aft
ernoon would be.
Rev. Mr. Phillips epoke In glowing terms
nf the reception tendered him by J. P.
Morgan. He thought th« chances were
tfeat there would be no strike, but of this
he could not epeak positively. The con
ference to-morrow will, it is believed, set
tle the matter.
CAMP OF FODI-KABBAS
CAPTUKED BY FRENCH
Slave Haider's Stockade Blown Down
After Hard Fight by Explotion
. of Powder Magazine.
BATHL'EST, Cambia. West Africa.
March 28.— The camp at Mandani In Cam-
Wa. of Fodi-Kabbas, the old slave raider,
who recently attacked a French post,
killing: several French soldiers, has been
captured by the French troops -after a
Kharp fight, in which Fodi-Kabbas hlm-
M-lf was wounded and ISO of his followers
were killed or wounded. Fifty prisoners
were taken. The French had twelve Bol
diere killed a*ifl 6even wounded.
Th<» camp at Mandani was strongly bar
ricaded with a Blockade three feet thick.
The French shells exploded the powder
magazine inside the stockade.
Must Toil Two Years. •
KANSAS CITY. March 28.— William
Deadruff. aged 20. pleaded guilty to-day
to stealing $3000 worth of diamonds from
hi* employers", Edwards & Sloan, whole
sale Jeweler*, and was sentenced to two
5 fctrs la the penitentiary.
Sarah Bernhardt. who was to have opened
an engagement at the Alvon Theater to
night, was taken' suddenly ill last night
after the performance at Cleveland and
is not sufficiently recovered to appear this
evening. Her manager says the actress
I* not considered seriously sick and hopes
she will be able to complete her engage
ment to-morrow and Saturday night.
Unable to Appear but Her Physi
cian Says That There Is
t ; ; No Danger.
PITTSBURG, Pa.. March 2S.— Mme.
BEHiraCABJJT SUDDENLY
SEIZED WITH" ILLNESS
Court of Appeals to-day rendered a deci
sion granting new trials in the case of
fi-Sccretary of State Powers, sentenced
to life imprisonment, and James Howard,
fcentecced to be hanged, as alleged acces
sories and principal, respectively, in the
aBsa.««Fination of William Goebel. In the
decision of the Powers case the court was
divided en political lines. !
The four Republican Judges united In
an oninion which was written by Judge
Durelle and the three Democratic Judges
in a dissent by Judge White. All of the
opinions concurred in holding the indict
ments sufficient and also in holding void
the pardon Issued to Powers by former
Governor Taylor after the. latter had been
ousted from office. -
Alleged Accessory and Principal in
Goebel's Assassination Save An
other Chance at Freedom.
FRANKFORT. Ky.. March 28.-The
HEW TBTAT, GRANTED
TO POWERS AND HOWARD
TRENTON. N. J.. March 25.— The Court
of Brr©W and Appeals this afternoon,' by
a vote of 9 to 5. decided to reverse the
Chancellor's decision In the American
Smelting and Refining Company case.
To-day's decision orders the issuance' of
an injunction restraining the American
Bmeltlr.g and Refining Company from
taking any further action in the matter
of increasing its capital stock or acquir
tnp by purchase the property of M. Gug
genheim's Sons unless it shall be made to
appear on final heariflk that the stock
to be issued for the purchase of the Gug
genheim plant does not exceed the value
of the property to be acquired by the
purchase.
The decision Is looked upon here as one
of great rignificance with respect to the
incorporation of companies under New
Jersey laws in the future. The practice of
acquiring properties and paylm? for them
in stock has been very general and here
tofore tt has not b*>en the policy of the
State to Inquire into the value of the
property purchased or the . amount of
etock Issued on account of the purchase.
It is feared that the decision may have
the effect of causing: corporations to po
elsewhere to become incorporated, al
though this view is not entertained by all
corporation lawyers.
Practice of Acquiring Property in
This Manner Is Stopped by-
Legal Decision.
NEW JERSEY COMPANIES
CANNOT PAY IN STOCK
OMAHA. Nebr.. March :S.-Totally
blind, married for twenty-four years, the
father of p. family and proprietor of a
liropperous restaurant. B. Caffee of Kim
ball. S. D.. has eloped with his wife's sis
ter. Mrs. Clara Riohards. a married wo
man with a family of grown children.
Mrs. Ulchrrds' ht;me is in San Fran
cisco, and she recently arrived at Kimball
to visit her sistrr. A short time after her
arrival Mrs. Caffee became suspicious and
ordered Mrs. Rieharda away from her
house. Caffee objected, but his wife
threalened to call the officers, and finally
Mrs. Pichards Wt. Caffeo followed her
and joined her in Sioux City. Mrs. Caffee
li. prostrated with prief. Mrs. Richards is
anything but good looking.
The Charmer Is Mother of Grown-Up
Children ?.nd Her Partner
Is Father of a
Family. Yvvic
Elopes With Wife's Sister,
Who -Lf Said to Be Re
verse of Beautiful.
BLIND DON JUAN
DRAWS A BLANK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 29? 1901;
9
DEATH CALL'S AN AGED
PIONEER OF CALIFORNIA
Volney D. Moody, Who Made a Fortune in
This State, Passes Away at Berkeley.
COLLECTOR LYNCH INSTRUCTED TO
CUT DOWN EXPENSES— Internal Revenue
Collector Lynch made the ' official public an
nouncement yesterday t£at he had been In
structed ¦ by • the CorrNhlssioner of Internal
Revenue to cut down the expenses of his of
fice by $9200, the Commissioner being of the
opinion that -under proper management the of
fice could be* carried on with that much less
money. J »
Steamship Companies Are Forced
to Acquiesce and a New "Wage
Schedule Will , Operate. •
LOS ANGELES, March 28.— The Asso
ciated Lumber Handlers and 200 unorgan
ized longshoremen and stevedores a4 Port
San Pedro quietly went on strikes
this week and after a short but' firm flghf
forced the steamship companies and i in
dependent- owners tua material increase
In the price paid for dock work.
Up to a week ago there was no organi
zation among the dock workers and the
steamship people forced them to work for.
22V£ cents per hour, on the docks and' 27%
cents below decks. Then the lumber
handlers organized and with the support
, of the Los Angeles unions.. laid .their
claims before. the steamship, people. They
demanded 30 cents per hour, for nine hours
, and 40. cents per hour overtime for<work
on the dock. ; For below decks they de
manded- 50 cents per hour for nine hours
and -75 cents ¦ per hour overtime. ~
In the face of the organized dock men
the 'steamship people were hot long-In
conceding all demands. The new schedule
will" go into effect April 1.
LONGSHOREMEN WIN •
SAN PEDEO STRIKE
SAN JOSE. March 28.— Mrs. Etta Hickox
was to-day granted a' divorce by Judge
Lorlgan from H,Q. Hlckox, the well-known
capitalist, on the ground of extreme cruel
ty. The suit was filed several months ago
and caused a stir in the upper circles of
society. A division of the property was
agreed to. out of court, and Hlckox al
lowed his wife to get her, freedom without
a contest. . ¦• . ¦ * - - -
The HIckoxes t\-ere married in Billing^,
Mont., in 1885, where Mrs. Hickox was a
society belle at that time. He was Post
master and banker and had large inter
ests there. Seven or eight years ago they
came to San Jose and erected a. home on
Tenth and San Salvador streets. In the
complaint filed for divorce she alleged he
had treated her with extreme cruelty. Th«
court gave her the custody of the three
children. Hlckox is worth , over $100,000,
a«d it is said that Mrs. Hickox received
about one-third of this amount,; in which
is included the home on ' South Tenth
street. . ,*
San Jose Suit Which Caused a Stir in
Society .Circles Is Now
Over.
MRS. HICKOX GIVEN
1 DECREE OF : DIV0BC2
MEXICAN ROADS
CONTROL CHANGES
New York Brokers Secure
Majority of Shares for
Unknown Principals.
Believed That the Atchison or South
ern Pacific. Probably the For
mer, Has Secured Line
From El Paso.
NEW YORK, March 28.— W. L.. Sriow &
Co., brokers of thla city, said to-day that
they had bougrht the control of the Mexi
can Central Company for Important rail
road interests In the Southwest. They de
cline to give the names of their principals
at this time. The Evening Post says: .-:
u
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
a (rt'i) V^ S Fight on for wealth, old "Money Bags."
l\ -j^yy^KL^ \_ your liver is drying up and bowels wear
i^x,^"h' iirU^n') niihlfh \\Wy~ ( ing out, some day you will cry aloud for
(mS Oft Wljr^Mu^Li.^^ I health,- offering all your wealth, but you
\>V &-^r\?^^^^^jWff \ w *^ n0 * *» e * because you neglected Nature
"* our mac * rus k to £ et *>° matter
/liS^fe^ /^p/T^ w " at y° u do, or what ails you, to-day is
the day— every- day is the day— to keep
' JSfeJC ' $\v vQPoy ¦ watcn of Nature's wants— and help your
"• , ' /JjK- bowels ac;t regularly— CASCARETS will
\>s. 'X'\ IvSkt help Nature help you. Neglect means bile
in the blood, foul breath, and awful pains
"Zg^Bpfti^y/// k* the back of the. head with a loathing
(a^fi and bad feeling for all that is good in life,
2isSS§§J[ \^H|feffl- MarvSvYlL-.^ Don't care how rich or poor you are, you
"HI /V / / Hllvrm can ' t k e we M y ou nave bowel trouble,
V fi) %f$ X j/rffi\v\ V you will be regular if you take CASCA-
V "/"¦¦J) '"^^^\l/IWsW \ RETS— get them to-day— CASCARETS—
"H : '1r soLLr B^^L^^ in metal box; small box JOc, whole month's
Ml \ .~ yjSp ll yA^~ >^ treatment 50c; take one, eat it like candy and
¦ ¦ i -r u i l&s ¦** — - it will work gently while you sleep. It
cures; that means it strengthens the mus- .
cular walls of the bowels and gives them new life; then they act regularly and natural-
ly; that is what you want— it is guaranteed to be found in
"¦¦MP^i^' THE TONIC LAXATIVE
Emttawm • -¦ vi^Bk •' "¦ ¦. m^ '^VHbV JlE£ BaSl EJmSl ? mSBb^ m Ka Bvl kSS wuSSt h hQl
Hi [«9h E@gSbw jH a jhBbB vRyEn^^riBsSl^^r^r^H'IsS sHr^S9 y BB^ *JswJBBy Q n *
LIVER TONIC _*«s«^^
ALL DRUGGISTS. I "^ I P^^^^^ SOLD IN BULK*
A|mp all bo\rcl • tronblei. appendicitis, ' bll- All ¦ R ¦ IITPPH' TOCTKI* It'JT**""**
P 1 1 D L lou»nes», bad breath, tad blood/wlnd M 1 1 H O H &J T F l" II ihj «nt box «r UaCAfi.
1 1 1 1 II F on the .tomach, bloated bowel., foal ll B I U 11 H S 6 I T T 1 VtV Anii'»n b^e. «
UUIIU mouth, headache, Indlcertion, pimple., UUfil Iflil I LLU °:*r. sl Bre™ier tha» •«?
pplns after eatlnff, liver trouble, .allow complexion ' " Unilar nrdlela* la the world. Thla U Hbiolats pro«r *T
at" dlzzlne... .When your bowel* don't move reju- great merit, and om- r»e.t testimonial. W« haro faith «»d
larlr yon are gettlns .lclc. Constipation kill, more will ••!! cilCAHETS aiMolnteiy ca»rsnt«e4 to cure «r
- people than all other diseases together. It Is a . "P« Be ? «ft«de*T«o bay today, t»r»j »oe «J Il"«"^
•tarter for the chronic ailment* and long yean of -':*M5^ t _&^,K^^fi7^ft«ia^5SS5
•oAerlnc that come afterward.^No mafteV wnat
alls yon, start taking; CASCARETS to-day, for yon .* whom yo« pnrcbaaed tt, Md t cCyoar ¦rankMk fkr bttk
will never get well and be well all the time until boxe»._ Take our adrlce— no matter what all* yoa—rtartt*-
yon put your bowels right. Take onr advice; start : *ny± Health win quickly nii«w nnA y»owui >ieu ithe day
with CASCAUETS to-day, under an ab.olate'enar- U^^SEU^QKOW^C^fmrib^^^C^S^'
antee to cure or money refunded. .. mo? '*—****'. [_'« KBLL>fi BEatul CO.. »*w i«»* « tmuw.THE AN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 29, 1901i
10
SA~ FK-AXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE 0: The, San Francisco
Call, re^rof Market and Third streets: epea
until 12 "lock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— "7 Montrcraery street,
ccrner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
?C0 Hayes street: open until 9:$9 p. m..
C33 McAllister street; open until. 9:89 p. m.
«Ii Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. in.
1S4I Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
•Kl Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
entll 9 p. — t.
IC« Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
7CS6 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
»nrVv streets: open until 9 P- m.
MEETING NOTICES.
A~ REGULAR meeting of San «fir-
Franclsco Consistory No. 1. ___aS/_l.
A and A.. Scottish Kite of £?%£«?•*»*?"»
Freemasonry, will he U?!d In
Chapter Hall. Masonic Tern- jgf f\T' .^B
pie on FRIDAT EVENING. y_-^*Vj_— - 1 !
Merch 29. :901. at S o'clock. •C^ViZ8|7.£.
HENRY BURNER, %5?5«'
y Registrar. " 5 -—~
CALIFORNIA CommanJcry No. 1, K. •_.
T.. S Post St.— Regular assembly THIS "EBB*
1 FRIDAY) EVENIKG. at 7:30 o'clock. F*
All fraters courteously Invited. By W
order of the Commander. ~
HIRAM T. GRAVES, Recorder.
S\N FRANCISCO Tent No. 18. K. _-p^
O. T. M.— Review THIS (FRIDAT) /©."Wgi
EVENING at S o'clock. Pioneer fiffl'tjSCSa
Hall. 24 Fourth st - lj£r_»>S_f
H. H. CASTLE.
Record Keeper.
ACEXTS WASTED.
KN'ERGETIC "\>ook canvassers and solicitors
?or every city and county on the coast:
rrmny new books now ready: best terms ever
-fTered. The J. DEWING CO.. Flood build-
ing. San Francisco.
EXPERIENCED Insurance agents. Call at 1
room 1C1. tt' Market st.. corner Sixth. •
TV iiXTEP — Aeents In each city; good money. |
Pi»«-iflr Coast M. *¦ L. Co.. < < >0 9th. Oakland. |
_,. * !
ASl'IIALTLM HOOFING. :
J prrivriErt.- asphalt roofing, sidewalk* r»- j
• pg)— <!: postal. 11*6 Mission: tel. ~ol">T- 1607.
ATTOHXKVS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty: private:
no fee without success; collections. G. W. |
' HOWE. »tty at law. 810 Market, cor. Stocktn.
J. H. McKNIGHT. collections: damages; es- j
late*: mining; open even. 5S2 Parrott bldg. !
ADVICE free; no chart— unless successful. W. .
TV. DAVIDSON, *27 Market et., opp. Mason. |
L. S. CLARK. Xrnna Jpreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
•ket Et. : ccnfjltntion f re* • no fees in advance.
UUARDI\G 1'OU CUILDR_\.
¦¦'.. -ii.. 1 H....I . .-i r. r. r. r. i-ii-ir.- i J-1J-1 i- .tjij-^- r .0.1 .!-¦!-¦ -. tn** I
GERMAN lady would like one or more children i
• to board: a nice place and home; fresh milk
every day. Inquire corner Oregon ar.d Mll-
vla sts.. Berkeley.
GERMAN lady would like children to board;
ccod home; room for parent. 439 Minna st.
_i»i.m:»s ciiA.>cLi. ;
A— taO"; DAIRY produce and coffee ajid tea
Ftore. with 2 living rooms; rent $30; very
best location; McAllister st.. and good pay-
ing; death cause of sale. Call R. G. WILKE.
. 2S' T Kearny st.
A-J400: BRANCH bakery and stationery store;
" n living rooms; rent J3D; daily receipts $12;
• rare and splendid chance. R. G. WILKE.
L6 ' » Kearny st. '
A— S1R50; CORNER grocer)' and bar, on Point j
Lobes sve.; rent $40; lease; living rooms; old j
' mabllshed and first-class paying business,
¦with lsrce stock: rare chance. Call R. G.
WILKE. Wi Kearny st.
A— J400; RESTAURANT; choicest location;
close to Palace Hotel: rent $30: gocd paying
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny 6t.
A— S6S0: CORNER srocery and bar; rent $12: a.
fine buefness and choice location in the Mis-
t-ion: tplendid show for man and wife. Call
R. G. WILKE. £(i4 Kearny st.
A RARE chanc»r-OId established Bower store i
with nursery. 'Including hothouses, boiler. J
horses, wagons, plants and trees of all de- !
scrlptlon; location heart of the city: cstab- I
lished 8 years; first-- * — . paying establish-
iner.t: lease. Call R. G. WILKE. KVi Kearny.
A— COO: RESTAURANT on Sansome St.: rent ;
IIS: erood paying. R. G. WILKE. 26>i Kearny. J
A -$llC0: CORNER barroom on Third st., close j
to c_u bldg.: eld established ar.d first-class
l'aylng place; sickness of owner only cause I
•>f fcale. Call R. G. 1VILKE. 56Vi Kearny st. ,
A— tH*; STATIONERY store; 2 living looms; J
rent J10; good business for man and wife. !
Call R. G. WILKE. !CH Kerrny st. j
S:«0— PARTNER in established, light indoor
commission business. McLAUGHLIN & CO.,
777ii Market st.
$::.0-CORNER f-aloon; bargain this day. Me- !
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777U Market st.
JliO — CORNER cigrar stand and laundry aeency;
nr. Markt. McLAUGHLIN _ CO.. 777H Markt.
LIQUOR store In the Western Addition, doing j
c paying business; also fiat of f> rooms over ;
the store: fine rurniture; price for all S2500; '
1 fclckness cause of selling. G. W. SCHWEIN-
HARD. 917 Market st.. opposite Mason.
VT CIGAR stands, WO groceries and bars.
_f;0 candy and Icecream stores. 000 restaurants.
M stores of all kinds; partners wanted.
I'fertiee with flCO up can be suited.
TV-ALTER HATES _: CO.. S3S Market St. I
A-JCOO:' RESTAURANT: no better location in
the city; this I* positively worth over $1000.
hut it must go immediately. Business Board
. of Trade. _$ Pine -St.; phone Davis S26.
$KO0 BUYS meat market in Mission: we have a
number of choice business propositions
READ _ CO.. 1007»i Market St.. Real Estate
and Busineso Arents. ¦- -
A — GOOD restaurant complete; good payer: in
manufacturing center: cheap rent. DONALD
INVESTMENT CO.. SO Market ft.
CLASS weekly; well established -in excellent
field, with bright prospects; good reason for
selling: only. $750 if sold at once. Address
T. J. T.. box 003. Call office.
FAMILY grocery and delicatessen for sale on
nr-fount of sickness: living rooms. Box 2722,
Call office.
$1W>— SNAP: good «aloon near city: cheap
r»r.t. Cz.il room 412, Examiner buiidlng.
TARTNER wanted; fruits and candies; best
location In city. Box 2716. Call office.
SMALL restaurant for sale; suitable for man
and wife or two ladles. 70* Polk st.
BAKERY and notion store, suitable for man
ar.d wife. .SSI Fourth et; no. agent.
FOR SALE— Bread route: $300: a good chance
for a live man. Box S737. Call.
$3000— OLD established, perfectly legitimate,
•ctrlctly cash business in Oakland, clearing-
t2£S monthly: thorough investigation; no ex-
perience necessary; reasons for selling, busi-
ness in Honolulu; must be sold at once. Ad-
drees box 220S. Call office. Oakland.
OUTSIDE route en this paper (or sale. Apply
Call Business office.
LA.r.GE outside route (No. 10) ip/ tn.lt. Apply
at Call Business office. /
GOOD p«ylng. old-established lumber business ;
Including eawmtll. timber lands, yards, lum-
ber stock, donkey engine, horse teams, etc
H. — F. I_ COOPER. Nevada Qty. Cal.
OLD-ESTABLISHED downtown saloon; easy
hours; bargain; cause, sickness; about $2000-
no agents. Box 2706. Call office.
J200— GOOD-PAYING laundry route, with horse
and wagon. Box 271i. Call office.
' DELICACT and home cooking In the b«st part
cf city; receipts $40 a day. California Busl-
n»ss Association. i(Z Market st.
WELL paying saloon and liquor store must bo
sold at once; owner retiring. No agents. Call
box 2432.
A CHANCE to secure that fine large store
. now building at 313 O'Farrell st., near Ma-
¦on. Apply 15 Grant ave.
FIRST-CLASS dairy depot: good living rooms;
rma'.l route If det»lred. . Box 2513. Call offlce.
SNAP— $275— Water front saloon to be sold this
week. » Howard st.
FANCY dry goods business for sale: owner
retiring. 1531 Devisadero at. ; call b-t. 12 and I.
FOR . SALE— Barber chairs and workstands.
Apply to The Oak Shaving Parlor, til Ellis.
ZXTRA choice corner for rent for' cash grocery
Ktore LAYMANCE. 460 Eighth st.. Oakland.
MAN with $300 to Join advertiser to work pla-
cer claim at Cape Nome. Box 2433. CalL
RESTAURANT for tile; doing good business;
rent cheap. 506 Howard et.. near First.
FOR rent— Hotel . In . San Miguel. • Cal. WM.
VON VOSS. £20 Lyon st «
LARGE Inside route en this paper for sale.
Apply Business office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. S200 Flllmore st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GBORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less eucce—fuL Room 810. «27 Market st.'
COTTAGES TO LET. "
t BROAD pltce. oS Bush, between Hyde and
. Lark-Q— Sunny cottage «f S rooma; rent J 1Z.
LODGIAG-HOUSES FOR SALE. . *
A— S-ROOM flat; downtown; very sunny; must
8-11 ; fine bargain. DECKER. 1020 X- 1 ** 1 '* 1 '
16 ROO2IS; corner: fine for transient.. *..'.. $1. 000
32-rooni hoase: clears $200.... 1,000
10 rooms en Eddy st, near Market.. — 500
14 rooms on Third st.. near Market 5JQ
14 rooms on Mission sX. 550
40 rooms; rent $»'iO; clears $130 1.OC0
24 rooms: north of Market; cleans '$200;.; 2,000
27 rooms; Just furnished; very fine 2.800
2» rooms on Geaiy st.; clears $133 1,900
44 rooms; positively the best; clears $300. 6.000
I will furnish money and you buy for cash.
85-room house: clears $S00 : 6.C00
SO-room bc'ai ding-house; clears $600 5,000
$-roora flat; ?unny side... % ...... 70P
6-room flat; very good S23
4 vacant houses to rent.
r.CO other houses, 3 to 700 rooms, price $100 to
SlUOCfl; abstract furnished free with every
hov««e sold. II. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.,
opposite Fifth; phone Mint 796. ' .
ATTENTION. SELLERS'
List your house, store, saloon, city or country
real estate or business place with me. I will
advertise free. I want no contract. DECKER,
1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth: phone Mint 796.
A A
MARION.GRIFFIN. Money to Loan
:„ Market St.: by Call bldg.: tel. Black 1803.
10 rooms: transient: oak furniture. ; fine
tapeEtry carpets; cei.tral;" rent"$50 $700
14 rooms; one floor; brick: nice; sunny.. 550
21 rooms; snap; housekeeping; rent $40;
clears $55; on principal street..; 400
13 rooms; rent $30; clears $40; leaving city;
full; wool mattresses; oak furniture... C00
14 rooms: fashionable boarding-house; in-
come $r75; sunny.' clean and nice 1000
£0 rooms; clean; elegant; central: tran.. 1100
15 rooms; Gee this liotito before buying.. 1000
42 rooms: a nne business proposition: all
offices; clears $300 a month 27-0
18 rooms: 2 houses of 6 flats, furnished
for housekeeping: fine; steady roomers." 1200
6T. roonns; fine ccrner: downtown: bargain. 3730
JO rooms: en Sutter. :uar big hotels: new
furniture: cost $1400: very fine 1C00
24 rooms; S offices pay all of the rent.-;. 1M0
10 room?; line: Lsavenworth St.; rent $50. CSO
15 rooms; money-maker; steady roomers.. f00
Several city hotels: flr*t and second class.
MRP. A. CAMERON & CO..
S3O Market "t. and 8 Stockton st., rooms 21,
22. 22, phone' Bush 028.
If you wish to buy or sell rooming-houses or
bueliWs chances call and see large list of
bargains. Partial list below.
33 rooms— Ellis St.; rent $130: good p»— r. a-
nent ar.d transient house; fine carpets, furni-
ture and hair mattresses: price $3500.
¦:6 rooms— Golden Gate cor.: rent $100: price
$1650: apartment house; rooms light, sunny;
carpets and furniture good condition.
9 rooms— O'Farrell: rent $33: price $700;carpets
end furniture new: pood location: all rented.
24 room s-Cor. Fifth; rent $57 50; furniture
hard wood: pays $70 month over expenses.
16 rooms on Howard st.: rent $50: clears $40.
K rooms on Folsom st.: rent $15; price $275. '
Public stenographer; Inventories and legal
papers written at reasonable ratep.
i SEE OUR LIST OF 200 HOUSES BEFORE
buying. We have them all sizes and prices:
€t) rooms, close in. elevator, etc $4»CD
32 rooms, new. clean, clears $50 900
; 14 rooms, eunny corner, good condition 1000
! FO rooms, all conveniences, select, central. £000
j II rooms, only $200 cash, balance pay-
1 ments 600
; Vacant houses furnished
We furnish the money— you pay as you can.
DONAUD INVESTMENT CO... 850 .Market.
SELECT your bouse Iron- largest list In town.
"» rooms: elegant: must sell H'JO
11 rooms; Colden Gate: cheap rent 4:>0
?0 room*: -newly furnished: only SIS
3S rooms; a big money-maker StOO
116 rooms; a fine, modern house; easy pay-
ments. Hundreds to c!ioose from. Also board- '
inK-houses. See our special bargitin list be- |
fore buying. Walter Hayes & Co., S3S Market.
FISHER & CO.. 1C32 Market at.: tel. Jessie 1599.
•4K rooms; north of Market: only $l«00
16 rooms; Hyde: very finely furnished 600
?0 rooms: rent $50: location desirable 900
If a bargain we have them at any price,
I north or south of Market st.
! LODGING-HOUSES, boaralng-liouses and. ho-
tels, to nuit every buyer: this office Is licensed:
1 am established since ISSI; I loan money to
buyers 1 general satisfaction guaranteed. Call
(J. W. PCHWKINHARD. phone Mint 1911. .
Rooms 1. 2. No. SIT Market St.. opp. Mason.
i 7 ROOMS, near Market: rent $25: price $IM.
11 rooms; McAllister St.: rent $40; price $550.
14 rooms: Mission St.; rent $50: price $550.
3 room*: Sixth st.; i«_t $?3: price $400.
KUREK-A REAL ESTATE. 18 glr.th ft.
I A— OTHER business compels me. to sacrlflce 2
! elegantly located. Iiandsomely furn. houses; ,
I piano and mirror; folding beds: no agts.: price
way down; part cash. Dr.Avcrlll. 38 McAllistr.
WANTBD— To exchange a let. at the boulevard
; valued at $400 for a. lodging-house and bal-
1 ance in nayments. 2C0 Fell st.
j $400— LODGING-HOUSE; north of Market St.;
barga?n. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777H Market.
j FOR Sale — Rooming-house, 13 rooms. 597 Ellis
St.; no agents.
j FOR sale— A 6-room furnished house; nice
1 home; rent $25. 1611 Bush et.
CHEAPEST arid best ln-America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address m , the
United Ptaies or Canada • n<» year for $1.
SP1KITUAL1SM.
ARRIVED — The celebrated cypay Prince Les-
ter, whose free tests, calling your name, the
! name of the one you love and the name of the
I on* you will marry: the only medium in tne
1 world so sure of M* occult power that he
i will srive every periw. who comes prepared
a wonderful free test. Call or write., with
Ftamp? for answers. 1SS2 Market St.. opp. 7th.
AFTER a severe Illness. Mrs" Dr. Farnham. the
world -renowned spiritual medium: advice In
all affairs of life: lawsuits, divorces, deaths;
unites thje separated: mining a specialty: cir-
1 rles Sun.. Wed.. Frl. eve.; letters answered.
I Resld. (no signs). 513 Eddy. bet. Hyde- Larkln.
I A-MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, business
medium, lifer— ader. medical clal— royant; sit-
tings $1. 1164 O'Farrell, nr. Gough. Ellis car.
MME. GTEISN. trwwe medium; advice In all
affairs of life; eittings from 1 to S and 7 to 9,
at 33 Sixth St.. rooms 16 and 17.
MRS. HAKLAND'S circle to-night: articles
I read. 10c; trance prophetic sittings $1. J4S 6th.
JOHN SLATER-Clrcle to-night. 8:15; sittings
10 to 4. 1SC9 Stockton St.. near Greenwich. •
SWAN'S gr—nd test meeting to-night at * 513
Jones Et. ; admission 10c.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance, 8 p. m.;
50c. ICS9 Bush et-, near Ltavenworth.
MRS.. LOUISE S. DREW. Psychic. Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14. 305 Larkln st.
CLAIHVOYAXTS.
MME. M?~BERN ARD~ "" -— --~-
THB FAMOUS
Clairvoyant an* business medium, permanent-
ly located 17 Third Et.. next Examiner bldg;
She reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur in the
¦ future, If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
heppy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you wi:i be told how to
overcome them. Valuable advice In all affairs
or life; 25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St.. corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25
. and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by, mall; send stamp for pam-
phlet with special terms. Daily, and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT.' the great clairvoyant, tells
past and future; never falls: has the greatest
Egyptian secret: shows picture of future hus-
band pr wife; fees 25c up: satisfaction to
everybody; tips on races. 215% Sixth st.
MME. PORTER. — onderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladles 50c,
gents $1; palra. and clalr. Fit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
VIRGINIA, clairvoyant, palmist; advice on all
affairs of life; business, love, mining, law-
eults. 26% Kearny. r. 6. 6; hrs. 10 to 12. 1 to 7.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, . clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 6 p.m.
MRS. E. SANDERS, medium and j>^lmlst:
teaches mind vibration, the greatest secret on
earth; readings dally. . 1130 Market tt. :
MME LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium; 25c up. 472 Stevenson St., cor 6th
Toung Zemdar, clairvoyant business medium ;
names given; L..50c,G. SI. 1202 Market, r 25.
MME. -HANSON, palmistry. 10c: card reader*;
past, presr-nt. future; 25c.. 14S Sixth St., r. 14.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy, is the great palm-
ist and card reader; 25c up. 7 Seventh St..
MMK. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader:
sittings dally. 448% Jessie st.. bet 6th and 6th.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant. water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken ;tel. Howard 1846.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card * reader and
palmistry;' truth or no pay; 2, c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
ad- j: names given;. 25c up. 6 Fourth at.'
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted . with 1 poor I work
eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. ' 253-357 Tfhama st. ; tel. South 40.
CITT Steam Carpet- Beating „ Works. G. A.
STEVENS, mgr., 38-40 8th st. ; tel. South 250.
CARPETS cleaned at Jc per yard, ' laid at 5c.
STRATTON'S. -. S Eighth st ; ; tel. Jesale »44.
' J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth «t. : tel. Mission 74.
: ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning. Co.; 402 Sutter st;
» tel. Main 3M. GEO. WALCOM.V Proprietor.
- CONKLIN'S CarpM-Beatlng Works, 833 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 126. - -. - ¦¦ r .,..%.
..-^CHIROPODISTS.'.'.'*
FREE with treatment— George's pat'd • bunion
or corn shields. ; Dr. Duncan, 415 - Sutter st.
" DEXTISTS. . '.''
AT the E1.ECTRO-DENTAI/CLINIC.S09 Mar- j
ket Et.,:cor. 4th," rm:.7,»Fioodibldg.,'you can
¦ have your extractions ; done - painlessly ; teeth ;
without ; plates "our specialty; 'gold crowns, :
S3 CO up; plates,' extractions free,: $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m.to 10 p. m: Sundays, 9 to 2
p. ra. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best ! crowns, plates,' bridges
and fillings;- extractions or! fillings by
wonderful secret, - painless method; 1 20 years'
experience; no students: advice : free; price*
cheapest and guaranteed ; lady ." attendants.
PR. GEORGE W. LEKK, 20 O'Farrell St.
A'-NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose: Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings.
50c; plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
-' warranted. Chicagp Dental Parlore. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge fpr extracting when plates are
made; old plates mace over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. . 50c; gas given.
METER. 6 Turk— Pain! «ss extraction; vitalized
atr:crown8;bridgewoik. Open ; Sundays to 12 m.
PARIS 'Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full bet of teeth, $4: crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
DR.R.L. WALSH. S13% Geary, nr. Larkln-Paln-
less extraction 50c; plates $5 up;phone Polk 1135.'
DR. H. G. TRUEMAN. dentist, third floor. Ei-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy - bldg. ¦;
LOWEST prices in S. F. Painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists. 1>G3 Mission st, cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless": evenings and Sun-
day». lOOt Market- st.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without vlates. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1241 Polk St.
DHESSMAKKKS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL DreTsmakinj-lTMTniiiTry '.School-
Class tateE; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
ACCOKDEO.V pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & MofTatt.-
ATRES 1 Business College. 7:3~iIarkeT'Tt^Day-
and evening ; $S per month; V* life scholarship
gueranteeo- .-i complefe bu£ln«#s education, In-
cludins the commercial and shorthand course:
telegraphy, penmanship, etc.; positions se*-
cured for graduates; catalogue.
GALLAOHER-MARSII College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Galfcisher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. $50: catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLT.EGE.~24 «Post St..
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. EnElish branches, civil.,
electrical and mining engineering, etc. ; day
and night sessions; new SO-page catalogue free, j
A— THK LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for t*e university, law and -medical
colleges: references, President Jordan or any
¦ Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS .COLLEGE has posi-
tions guaranteed to it by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all its graduate*. 305 Larkln st.
ENGINEERING— Civil. elec..inlnins,mech.,sur-
vev. assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School, 113 I^ulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Greg.? shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market St. ¦
A SPECIALTY* — Perfecting beginners; buslnefs
college graduates; bookkeeping; figures; short
time. TAKR, exp. acct.. 220 Parrott bids.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
Parrott bldg.; Individ, instruction; catalogue.
FRENCH, Srar.ish.etc.Prof.DaFilippe'sAcademy
of Languages.S20Post:estab'd 1871:ablest profs.
PHOf. 1IERKI, from Paris, violin, mandolin,
guitar: experienced. IOCS Mission st.
I ARITHMETICS bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $j mo. 1024 Mission, nr. Gtlt.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S- DAY and
ILLUSTRATION- night claag. 424 Pine St.
ESIPLOYMEM' OFFICES.
JAPANESE Employment Office and House-
cleaning Co.. -best help; Fend men at short
notice. 1123 Sutter, nr. Polk; tel. Larkln 2391.
! JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds:
I cook* waiters and house servants. -GEO.
; AOKI & CO.. 421 Post nt.; teL Bush 13j,.~
j A B O EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese, Japan-
ese help fur.- 544 California; phone James 2601.
JAPANESE, central houseeleaning &. employ-
ment: all kinds help. 1046 Sutter: tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help, 315 Stockton; Main 518S. |
ORl'HEl'M Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
- neae help. Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office — :
Pest help. 52C O'Fairell st.: tel. Hyde 2191.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office—
Best help. 4UV4 O'Farrell St.; tel: East 426.
EMrLOVaiEAT WANTED — FEMALE.
A YOUNG woman of refinement would like po-
sition' as companion to lady, for good home
and $2 a week; will assist with housework
or make herself generally useful. Box 2725.
Call office. - ' *
WANTED— Situation by young lady press feed-
er: wages $10 a week: a hours work. "Ad-
dress Feeder. 2:2 Twelfth st.,' bet. Howard
and 'Folsom. ¦ '
MIDDLE-AGED woman desires situation to do
light housework or to take care of the nick.
370 Precita ave.. Tw#,ty-seventh St., between
j Folsom. and Alabama. -?\ ¦
RESPECTABLE lady, good cook, kind to chil-
dren, wishes position as housekeeper: city or
country. Call between 3 and 6 p. m. at 68-76
¦ Ellis St., room £3. -J
A RESPECTABLE young woman with 'child S
years old, neat and willing, wishes a posi-
tion as housekeeper, city or country. •Please
address box 2735, Call.
A COMPETENT girl wishes a situation; un-
derstands German cooking thoroughly; $25 to
$30. 22 Metcalfe Place, off Geary St., be-
tween Taylor and Mason.
WORK by the day by experienced laundress:
• *1 60 a day, or will go by the month short
distance from city. Address LAUNDRESS,
713V* Minna, near Eighth ft.
RESPECTABLE lady wants position as house-
keeper In, small family; can give best of ref-:
erences. Call or address 1S39 Polk st.
A DRESSMAKER of experience would like a
few more engagements by the day: good ref-
erences. Call or address 403 McAllister st. "
WOMAN desires, position in a . respectable fam-
ily, to do light housework: moderate .wages;
Rood home; no cards. Call at 41S Hermann.
WOMAN wants position as a first-class cook;
objection to plain washing; will go to coun-
try;, state wages. ; Box 2211, Call, Oakland.
HANDKERCHIEF laundry work weiTdone";
10c per doz. 1414 Cedar ave.
WANTED — A position as Infant's nurre; cart
furnish first-class references.. Box 2731, Call.
YOUNG lady depires situation to give lessons
¦ In physical culture.' 1049A Market, room 12.
. a YOUNG woman . wishes to . assist at .. house-
work. Please call at 408 'Minna st.';"'.
NEAT young girl, good cook, wishes position
in private family: reference. 16 Haight at.
MADEMOISELLE MATHILDE BOUCHARD I
desires a position as visiting governess;
French and music: private les;ons given. Box
2708. Call offlce. -
REFINED girl of 14 would like to take care
of child In nice home In Alameda; references.
. Call or &d£resfl 1311 Railroad ave.. Alameda.
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day; call '
bet. 2 and G. 415 Stockton st.
AMERICAN cirl wishes chamber : work and
mending. Address 1317 Weber St.. Alameda.
POSITION- aa cashier in restaurant;: have had
previous' experience. 635 'Natoma st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 35c to $1 E0 per night: J150 to
"56 we*k; convenient and respectable: free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. \.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at. Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
. Valencia «t.- ¦¦¦•¦¦¦• ¦¦¦' . ¦ . -, '* ¦',''- '
• E3IPLOYHGXT WAKTED— MA^kT^
BOOKKEEPER; double entry; age JO; 10 yean
¦ experience wholesale houses; . first-class * ref-
erences ;• employed 3 years last position. New
.York City. Box 2704. . Call offlce.
SITUATfON wanted : by single, sober," reliable
'coachman for good private place; understands
some gardening; willing; obliging: good Chi-
cago . ref ertneea. i Box 2720,'; Call office. •
OLD German ; gentleman. ¦ single.' desires i em-
ployment '. as caretaksr, companion, , private
secretary. .: Address, with, some particulars
- box 2719. : Call offlce. .-,-..... ; . .
' STEADY man wlshei} situation as night watch-
• man; can •- handle engines or dynamo; ' refer-
. ences and- bondsi given if required.^ Box 2718.'
, Call-office. f J v -
GOOD all-round machinist would like position
; taking ¦'. care : of ;. machinery-, or similar work;
strictly VBOber: and reliable;. 'nonobjection to
leaving city. Addreps .box 2732. Call. . '.:
SITUATION by a first-class gardener; Qwis«;
single: : best -references ¦ given; private place
. . preferred. . Gardener, -633 / Broadway.:;.; 4 . - --"¦
AVA NTED — Situation aa waiter or Indoor ser-
, - vant In a private hotel or private family; best
city references: wages $15, >lg. - Box 2717. Call.
MAN of S6, '¦ 12 ' years', experience general • mer-
i ' chanfltse. , would like work of ; any ' : kind ; t can
keep booki. D. E.. box 2729, : Call of Hce.
- -¦ -- -- ••—••¦«.,*.,,¦./. -i, ,;¦-
.\WAXTED^Ma£ev K
. WANTED— By "a ¦ young . man, work ; of : any.
¦ kind: city or country; wages $10 a month and
; -board.; -Box; 2730; Call office. ¦¦
SITUATION, by. "young man 'taking care; of
."horses,". cow," garden; 'good driver; bandy with
tool*. Box 2738, 1 ; Call. ;
COACHMAN— Thoroughly, understands his busi-
ness in all Its branches; as to references and
- qualification late employer can be seen; no ob-
jection to country. Address C.S.,' 2116 Point
"Lobos av«, .'.-¦ *;.--. ' '•.-,•¦-.;¦¦'.¦ ; :
POSITION wanted by. thoroughly reliable Scan-
dinavian ' on ' city or ; country ' place . as coach-
man, gardener ¦ and ' general .utility man; - can
8 milk and understands his business thoroughly;
: references. II.' H.. box 2707, Call office. ...
WANTED-A position as gardener," Janitor;
city. Addi ess 312ft Eighth st. .
EXPERIENCED furnishing goods salesman de-
slrpn a position: references furnished. Ad-
". dress D..: 118 Sixth -st. • '
YOUNG married man wants steady position as
• bartender; city or. country. /Address B.-B.,
8S1 Harrison st. : - '¦¦"-.
BARTENDER, experienced.. man. wants posi-
tion; good references. Address J. I. W., 1911«j
Mission st. .: ¦ .. .•".-•' ,
MILKER and wife is cook want ', work: on
, ranch. r. Box 2416. . Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllraore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscription: ; has been established at 103t
•.Valencia St. , , . •
FINANCIAL.
FOR INVESTORS !!•
I OFFER FOR SALE
Unimproved and income city property: gilt-
.edjre bonds and stocks of gas. railroad and
- industrial corporations: money to loan: in-
vestments made; bank references; correspond-
ence solicited.
T. OTWAY SADLEIR,
Room 40, .310 Pine «.,
' '•¦ San Francisco. ¦
WANTED— J30.CC0 by u reliable merchant; fully
secured; will pay liberal Interest; good chance
for capitalists. Address L.. box 2721, Call.
fi«a;ts to let. • .
I CHEERFUL, furnished flat, 6 rooms, bath and
pas. .720 Central aw, nr. McAllister: rent, $30.
SUNNY bay-window flat of 3 rooms: rent $12 50.
1S61 Sacramento st. :
UPPER flat of 6. rooms;' $16. 13 John ¦ St., 'oft
Powell and \ \. . '
$1C— SUNNY upper bay-window, flat, 8 rooms,
bath; all mod. 113ft Florida et.; bet. 23d. 24th.
Ill— UPPER flat, 3 1 large sunny rooms; base-
ment. 123 San Jose ave., bet. 23d and 24th.
VUATit 1U 1.K1 nill.M^H^Ji
A NEWLT furnished, flat, 8 rooms, bath and
all modern conveniences: rent reasonable to
responsible parties. 1028 Ellis, nr. Franklin.
FUIlMTUltU l'UH SALE.
4~ROOMS furnished in tak, jliloTwltiTNo. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FOR sale cheap — A flat of 6 rooms and bath;
rent- $23. . 417 Jones st. . . -y. .
FOR sal;— S-rocra furniture cheap. 649 Sacra-
mento st.
FURNITURE WASTED.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, lC05Larkln; tel. Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
IF you vant to sell fum., mdse., etc.. see J. A.
Munro & Co., 240 Stockton St.; tel. James 1541.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture tel.Folsom
2245 New Enterprise Furn. store. 1114 Mission.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc., see W.E.Cody, 7J7 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
CHAS. LEVY buys yrur furniture, carpets,
plar.c3, . etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. J ( essie 761.
A. WOLLPERT, .* 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel.' Red 1354.
1IEL1' WANTED — FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitress. .Institution (found and washing). $25
Chambermaid to' wait ..Colusa |20
Waitress Woodland;....... $20
Waitress Menlo Park.... $20
Chambermaid to wait. ...Summer resort (see
party here) $20 |
10 waitresses City $20
1 launch waitress.. ....No Sunday work......50c
Starch ironer.. ....Country $9 week
.......... FAMILY DEPARTMENT
- Colored 'cook. J25; chambermaid and laun-
dress, country. $25; Swedish housegirl, $20;
! German cook, $35; 5 second girls, $20; 10 Ger-
man and Swedish girl*, housework. C. R.
HANSEN &' CO.. 104 Geary st.
"MRS. M. E. DAT & CO... Phone Main 157o"'
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitress, commercial hotel, $23, fare paid;
2 waitresses, Fresno, $20, fare paid; 12 wait-
resses, different country and city hotels, $20.
$22 50 and $25: 4. chambermaids to wait, $20:
restaurant cook,. S10 week; woman . to cook
dinners only. $20 month, sleep home .;..
FAMILY DEPARTMENT ..........
Housegirl, very choice place, $25; many
girls, city and country.' best wages :....
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO..... .335 Geary st. j
WANTED— Cook, lunch place, $40; cook, hotel
of 30 people, $35; 6 cooks, plain worjc and no
washing, $30 and $$5; chambermaid and wait-'
' ress. nice country hotel. $25; 2 waitresses. I
same hotel 120; 2 waitresses, $25; 3 second
girls $20 and- $25; 40 girls for housework, $20
and $25. Apply, to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
' Sutter st. j
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. -26 Montgomery, room 12 I
— Waitresses, city and country hotels, $20.
EXPERIENCED sewing machine operators
and apprentices to learn to knit and to do!
hand work. Apply J. J. PFISTER KNIT-
TING CO.. 412-Polk st. , , ¦
WANTED— First-class millinery . saleslady;
state experience, references and salary ex-
pected. Apply box 2727, Call office.
WANTED — A few experienced operators and a
limited number for instruction. Standard
* Shirt Factory, Gough and Grove sts.
WANTED— Girl for general housework ; must
understand plain cooking: Scandinavian or
American; wages $15. 251 Scott st. > .
WANTED— German .: or Swedish girl for gen-
eral housework, wages $20; call forenoons at
24 Hill st., near Valencia.
SWEDISH girl for cecond work and waiting:
wases, $25. For particulars call between 10
and 12 at 834'i Harrison st.
WANTED— Lady barber In Oakland. 324 San
Pablo ave.. Genlta Hotel. . . .
YOUNG girl 4o take care of children. 1821
Point Lobos ave. $
WANTED— A . girl for general housework,
. small family; no children. 2379 Sutter st;
EXPERIENCED dressmakers 121 Post
et., room 14.^. ¦'•¦•'¦
2 GIRLS to handle type; must b« active. Pa-
* clfic States Type Foundry. 608 Clay st.,
GIRL about 14 years old to learn to be sales-
lady. Box .2T33. Call.
i GIRL to help with child and light work. 1010
Hush St.; sleep home. > - .:.- -¦¦¦-¦' . ....
' EXPERIENCED nursegirl. Apply between 10
; and U a.m. at 14.'3 Franklin st. .
YOUNG girl for general housework; sleep
. home. 132 Bartlett st. -
EXPERIENCED* lady for dressmaking. Call
-at 2421 Clay st. ; ¦ v
MIDDLE-AGED woman wanted for housework.
i • 902 Howard st - ' : " -'¦¦¦¦¦-.-
PANTS finishers want«d by S. N.-WOOD &
| CO. Apply at factory, 27 Geexytt.
A YOUNG girl to do light housework and plain
[ cook; small /family. :- 1213 Hampshire, st.
COMPETENT woman for light housework and
¦ ' assist with ( baby ; German pref d. : 709 Chestnut.
' A FIRST-CLASS Ironer, $1 50 a day. 1421 Point
. ;¦--. Lobos ' ave. -¦. . ¦. . '-.•¦¦¦ •.' ¦¦-..¦ ¦ ¦.
1 WANTED— First-class walat trimmer. COX,
' 326 CXFarrell it.. . ¦¦ ¦ •.: • w
: WANTED— Girl for general housework and
' cooking. 2928 Sacramento st.
GIRL or woman for light housework;, $10. 26*
! San Carlos ave.,; near. Twentieth*- •.'
APPRENTICE to learn halrdresslng. 240 Stock-
" .ton st. _ • - ¦ • ;
i - ; .: :^
¦ DRESSMAKERS; first-class sklrtmaker. Sll
r ' .Sutter »t.'. ":":-¦ :* : .— ¦*_-..-- , . , --
- "WANTED— Two ¦¦; finishers • on , pants; steady
s ; twork.y 36 Geary St.. •¦ room 33. .
. WANTED— Table hands and apprentices; apply
103 Mission st. "G,'M.'KUTZ Shoe Factory.^*
'. WANTED— A", girl . for,- general housework ; and
j ; cooking. ' Apply afternoon, 2328 Pine st.J--"% .•."-•¥
» WANTED— Ladies with business ability to rep-
.- resent : the Pacific Coast Purchasing Associa-
• . tlon; ..references - required. • 206 >Keaxny : aUT/i
• HAIRDRESSING.manicuring, dyeing & bleach-
• .--lnKJlesson 25c.-. Hairdresslng College, 574 Geary/
- WANTED— First-class, saleslady- in ''cloak and
» ;. BUit. department;, state: age, >¦ experience * and
: '¦¦: salary expected. ,. Apply box 2417, Call office. *i
j ABOt-T 100 more operators,* also riveters, want-
• ' ed atLEVI'STRAUSS;& = CO.'Soverall>fac-
: - tory. . 22V4 Fremont ; mt. ; no, experience ¦. neces-"
i . . aary;; good wages. .Apply to MR. DAVIS. /'
- MEN OR WOMEN ....r... .....;.... ........:....;
........ '..•.' Paid • Big 5 Commissions""... ;.... 7^.71
t ¦ TJTICA- CLEANSING = COMPOUND COM-
. ;-;PANY;»a-§pear.8t.V.,.^ -..- ¦.^.,; :;:v-; .:/.;,, .:u
• .WANTED— Operators ¦ on . women's * wrappers;
l =. steady ' work ; \ fMd :- pay. • MARKS ; BROS. , :
,1113 Market ;.t, .
HELP
.WANTED— Elderly j German i woman for, house-
. work : ; no washing- ; sleep home ; % wages $25 a
¦'. i month. .'. 782 Fulton St.' '¦/ ¦ - ¦- . - -¦'-' ¦
WANTED— Intelligent woman over 26 to qual-
'lfy ; for, business..: Box 2702, Call. ' -.:
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
- received . at Call branch ofdce. 2200 Flllmore »t.
A: BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
¦;•;. subscriptions baa been established at 1036
Valencia st. ' '
• HELP WAXTED MALE.
..Leading- Employment and Labor Agents..
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY.
'Locomotive engineer and machinist, see boss
here .:..;........' ....': ..... ....... ........
4 house painters, '8 hours': work.... . ..$3 day
3 carriage ¦ painters, country shops
¦ Working foreman, ranch, see boss h«re. ......
Horse,shoer. country shop $2 50 day
Blacksmith helper,- Alameda County.. '
'.: ..:.....•. :. ..;....". . . $30" and found
5: blacksmiths, country shops, $2 50 day, %Vi
and. found ". .....', ¦
Farmer and wife, Napa County.. '.
«... ; $35 and found
Vegetable : gardener, see boss here
J5 farm hands and teamsters....:. $26 and $30
Buggy washer, country stable."... .......$30
5 strong boys to learn trades $6 week
Choreman, Catholic institution. $15
R. R. LABORERS.. ...... ....LOS ANGELES
.:. SANTA BARBARA and other divisions...
FREE FRE ..FREE FARE
• .'.-.-: : . . : MEN. IF YOU WANT WO RK........ .
Come down . and read our bulletin boards;
hundreds of positions to offer
MURRAY & READY .634-626 Clay St.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
RAILROAD WORK
For Nevada For Nevada
100 teamsters Ship dally
....For. the big tunnei. Chatsworth Park....
Drillers .......$2 to $2 50
For' Cal. :"& "n." w".' Ry .'.".".".".'.'.. *.*.'.'.'. '.'.'.". '.UklalT
Teamsters and laborers $2 a day
Free fare .......: Free fare
Ranch "blacksmith, $45 and "board: "«' milkers.-
$50; v blacksmith, helper, country, $125 a day
• and board :.... r:. ..: ¦
.......... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
German . barkeerer, $40 and board; broiler,
country hotel, $50; oysterman. S45: 10 wait-
ers, city and country. $25 to $35; 3 bell and I
- elevator boys, $15 to $25; 10 dishwashers and j
• kitchen hands, $20 to $30
"Washers, starchers, polishers and Ironers,
$35 to $40: head laundryman. $35: washer. $30;
. hanger up, $15. for ¦ hand laundry, country
• 1'Otel, fare advanced ¦
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. ......104 Geary st.
A RAILROAD foreman, $4 per day. C. K.
HANSEX & CO., 104 Geary st.
A— WANTED
Gardener and care horses, private place. <
country, $30 and found, see boss here; but-
termaker, small place, near city. $30; 3 milk-
err, country, $30 End $35; milker. $35 and .
fare advanced; milker, city, $35; ranch team-
ster, $23; farmer_for orchard, $20;: German
driver for wine house. $11 a week; carriage
and wagon smith, $3 50 to $4 a day; cook for -
boat, $40; cooks,- hotels, country, $30 and $40;
(old man to do chores, $15; 4. laborers on
dredger. $40 and board. W. D. EWER &.
CO.. €10 Clay st. *
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
• 59 Third ct.; phone. Red 31
3 first-class-, machinists A,
6 laborers at $1 75 per day
4 hammersmen. $2 per day
10 laborers at $1 75 and$2 per day; new job..
•6 -pick -and shovel men,. $1 75,. board where
you please: man to mlk 20. to 25 cows: $30. 2
coppersmiths; gang of milt and wood men;
men to cut wood, make ties, posys and pick-
ets." 59 Third st.
2 VEGETABLE gardeners, $25 and $30 and
found; 8 milkers, $30 and- $35 and found;
choremen, $10 and T20 and found; man about
place,- $25 and found; driver for milk wagon,
$20. and found; man to milk 6 cows and deliver
milk. $25 and found: single-hand miners, $2
day and board; 15 tie makers. 9c to lie, tools
and provisions advanced; and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento »t.
A-HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Bellboys, $10 and $15; waiter, country. $25:
pastry cook,- $40. near city; head waiter, $40.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—*
Free employment; only recognized union. 113'
Turk; tel. Folsom *15S3. I. LESS, Secretary.
WANTED for U. S. Army— Able-bodied un-
married men between ages of 21 and S5; citi-
zens of United States, of good character and
temperate habits, who can speak, read and
write English. Recruit* specially desired for
I service in Philippines. For information apply
' to Recruiting Officer. 121 New Montgomery
j st., San Francisco, Cal. -
CABINETMAKERS' .and woodcarvers; non-
' union : no office f ee.5. } Mechanics' Registra-
tion, Bureau, 4io Kearny st.
WANTED — Flrst-class window trimmer In dry
goods store; state experience, age, reference
and salary expected. Box 2723, Call office.
WANTED— Retail salesman familiar with the
'grocery business; give references . and wages
"expected. Box 2726, Call office.
WANTED— A neat young waiter; $7 a week;
. call early. 210 Townsend et., between Third
and Fourth. _^_ __ .= .¦-,¦¦'-¦-.¦
WANTED — Bright boy to work In drug "store.
Apply .Elite Pharmacy, Oak and Gough sts.,
at 11 a.m.
3 GOOD tailors wanted. Apply S. N. WOOD &
CO.. 718 Market St. _^
TAILORS wanted by S. N. WOOD &.CO.;
good wages." Apply at factory, 27 Geary st.
PANTSMAKERS wanted at JOE POHEIM'S, I
1110 and 1112 Market st.
BARBER for Sunday mornings. 3433 Sixteenth
St., near Sanchez.
BARBER wanted; steady Job. 54 Third st.
GOOD barber wanted. 146G Seventh St., Oak-
land, to-day. ' -
GOOD barber wanted at 408^,4 Sixth st.
WANTED— Good : paper-hanger. Call at new
building. Fourteenth st, near Folsom. i
WANTED— Boy 12 to 14 years of age. Call at
114 Ellis St.. between 9 and 12 a. m.
2 CABINETMAKERS wanted at 179 Thirteenth
street. f .
WANTED-^A flrst-class carriage woodworker
at 2315 Pine St. . -•
PAINTERS wanted; good stage hands, at 1315
Vallejo st. • '
WANTED— Second butler. Apply at 1601 Van
-Ness ave. %
STEADY man with $150 cash . can make $75
month year around. 209 Kearny st., room 1.
COOK for a small boarding-house; meat cook.
Apply 32 Steuart St. .
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. ' 5S2 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
MEN— Our catalogue explains how we. teach
. the trade in two months, ¦ saving two years;
mailed free. We have no 5c shop in connec-
tion with our college;, chairs and furniture
are all, made to our own order, with a view
to cleanliness and convenience.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
Beware of any cheap Imitations.
WANTED— A few bright - boys j about 16 years
old to work In shirt factory. Apply THE L.
1 ELKUS CO.. 29 and 31 Battery st.
• COATMAKER— First-class coatmaker to work
• Inside, by the week: steady work; good wages.
ROSENBLUM & ABRAHAM, 1103 Market St.
i TEN coopers wanted immediately at the Call-
1 fornla— Barrel Factory. Twenty-second and
' : Illlnot>l 8t8 -t Potrero. city. '¦::' ..
A FIRST-CLASS boys' clothing salesman, must
dress windows, for one of the bay cities. Box
• 2210. Call office. 3. F. •. ¦ . - -.
' YOUNG men to go north, on a cruise at HER-
; MAN'S. t6 Steuart St. : •
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
» BROS. 24 Sutter st.
; WANTED— A tailor -to work on coats; come
1 "ready, to work. 135 Natoma st.
; EXPERIENCED knife cutter on ladle*' wrap-
: - pers. • JXJDA BROS.. 109 Battery «t- * -
• CABINET-MAKER .wanted; first-class man.
, FINK fc SCHINDLER.' 1309 Market tt.
¦ MAN acquainted ' shipping, •' nautical. < Market
I ,\ street. >-,..-. ¦•-¦:¦•. .';-¦¦ . ...
• , WAITER wanted at 1224 Point Lobos ave.; $20
' ; and , found. ¦¦' '
• GOOD paying. < two-chair ¦ barber shop; ¦ cheap:
• ¦.rent.;$6.,-DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis st.
¦ 2-CHAIR , barber shop for sale: ' rent $J. 403
I . • Pacific - «t. -•-.¦ -. "¦-•¦-•.-, - -.„ ¦-¦¦- ..^' •-:.-
. MANAGERS everywhere: either sex; $20 week-
r ly. . N. Y. C. C, 1206 Market st:. of flee 6.
. Wanted— 2 lst-claas Instrument. finishers.'" Kel-
r . 'ler Balance Mfg. Co.. Salt Lake City. Utah.
GOOD H strong '-. boy;.- to learn . the " blacksmith
1 : . trade.'". 715 •-- Folsom. 1 ;; st. - •"
. $75— PARTNER . in i resUurant, $30 month and
. ;.;¦ board ; no experience necessary. ¦ • 496 Fourth.'
¦ McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
. hand shoes for sale. 50c, up. ; 241 ThlrS st. '
", MAN , who understands : nursery ' work and Job-
l ., : blng • gardening. - , 600 : Halght : st. . ¦•:.,:• "¦
• WANTED— Laborers and * mechanics ' to < know
":. that ! Ed Rolkln. Reno 'House proprietor' still
.- f .- runs s Denver , House,? 217 Third ' st. ; * 150 large
. '¦ rooms;!25c per night; $1" to 12 'per-iweek. :/•„¦-?
MEN j to learn s barber trade ; catalogue mailed
free.7S.: F.' Barber. College.. 741A, Howard St.;
. *- no ; barroom ; chairs used in . this college.
'_ .WANTED-^lOO men to take rooms.' lofi,'. 15c and
-1 20c.- Boston House, ,930 Howard : st.
( GET; your i shoes half-soled while waiting; 23c
: -to BOc. : 662 Mission st..% bet. 1st and 2d sts. .
,'¦ "WANTED— Experienced ladles' tailor: perma-
nent; good pay.-M. J. KELLER CO.; Oakland."
J HELPWAXTESP— MALE — Com.
SAILORS, blacksmiths, seamen & green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN' 3. 26 Steuart »t.
BARBERS all Invited to call and see the latest
Improved revolving chair, called the Auto-
back"; It's a corker. STOLTZ'S new head-
quarters. 733 Market St., .first floor up.
PENSIONS— J. -H. Shepard & Co.. old reliable
firm. 806 Market, room 40, Jhelan building.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms. 2Sc. night: reading-rooms; iree
'bus and baggage to and from - f erry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1035
Valencia st. ¦ .
: - HonsES AXP AV^ G _??1 ! !;
FOR sale— A handsome black stallion. « years
old. 17 hands high, weighs 1600 lbs.; la sound
and of good disposition; will be sold reason-
able. Address JOHN SHIELDS. Marshall.
. Marln Co.
BUSINESS cart for butcher for delivery: also
'business horse, stand without hitching; lady
can drive. 1*21 Market st. - ¦-¦-•¦
40 HORSES "for sale; also wagons, buggies.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
VICTORIA, six-seater, wagonette, phaeton:
good condition; best makers; also basement
with 40 stalls to let. 24 Golden Gate ave.
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence Its
Zd session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast, gee. 510 Golden Gate ave.
A— 25 TEAMS wanted for railroad work. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 101 Geary st..
A— 100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons,
carts, buggies, surreys, horses. 1143 Folsom.
GLOBE Horse Market— Horses for sale: also
matched teams. 28 Twelfth st.
GOOD - business horses, wagon horses, "heavy,
light, fast pacers and trotters. 721 Howard.
AN A No. 1' express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A^PmVTElTLTs^H^^
I cular. G. H. UMESEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
| COTTAGE of 6 rooms and bath. 12* Cedar ave..
j off Van Ness, between Geary aad Post.
BUSH, 1220 — Sunny house of 8 rooms and bath;
3'artl: t37 E0: water free.
HOUSES TO LET KUUMSIIEU.
A— 3C-RCOMED furnished house for sals or to
let; newly furnished. 1006 Pine st.
MODERN house elegrantly furnished: 7 rooms.
bath. Call 1711 Webster St.. 10 to 12.
LOST AXD FOUXD.
THURSDAY, coming from MU1 Valley, email*
alligator grip. congnlninR purse and^cfialn;
liberal reward. 71. H. WAINWRIGHT.
Wells. Fargo & Co.'s express.
RING lost Tuesday In San Francisco; marked
Inside S. T. to .T. J., Nov. S. . 1878: reward.
129 East st.-, S. F.. corner Merchant, or 1153
Peralta St., Oakland.
HORSE lost Tuesday. March 19. 1901; bay. wt
1250. 8-year-old: white face, a circle or "W"
on left hip. ' Return to IS41 Dana St.. Berke-
ley; any information will be kindly received.
LOST— Skyterrler dog. Return to LOUIS HAR-
RIS. California Market: suitable reward.
Wanted — Old rold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell, bet. Powell and Mason.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market at.
3UTRI31O.MAL.
GENTLEM EN wishing to marry weal thy ladles
genii 10c for list. MRS. HERTZ. 70S Ellis st.
31A1TKKSSKS AND ITHO1.STKRY.
MATTRESSES and upholstery; tal. South 792;
to order or renovated, feather and hair
steamed: expert carpet cleaning: strictly re-
llable. HOPKE BROS.. 313-320 Eleventh st.
MEDICAL.
DR. ANP MRS. DAVIES. 1223 Market, ladies'
specialists; 32 years" practice; all cases treat-
ed by our wonderful herb reraedy; a reliable
treatment, superior to any other; positive cure
guaranteed at office; natients treated can re-
turn same day; those wishing to treat them-
selves should send fcr the Hindoo Herb Home
Treatment; harmless: consultation free.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist: 25 yrs."
successful practice; Kuaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment; home before and during;
confinement. 942 Post. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
DRS. GOODWIN. 10S5 Market— Private home
for ' patients before and during confinement;
well known; Implicit confidence: reliable.
DR. and MRS. KOHL. 112 Market St.. bet.
Mason and Taylor, reliable ladies' specialists.
ALL" female complaints relieved at once; ex-
perience of 27 yrs. Dr. V. Popper, 323 Kearny.
MRS. D. ALLEN— Removed to 1113 Market St..
bet. Taylor and Mason; ladles*, specialist.
MINES AND MIXING. .
MINES, patents, oil stocks, real estate bought
and sold: Eastern and foreign capital wanted:
ores, naps, mill tests shown at office, I'arrott
bldg., fourth floor, 17.1 and 476, 10 a. m. to 4
p. m. JOHN TILTON. M." E.
i — — — — —^ — —^ —
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. L'd-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon" outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J.
• NOONAN. 1017. 1015, 1C21, 1023 Mission Bt..
above Sixth: write for catalogue.
A — BUYS, | sells or rentj gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear st.
A LARGE quartz seal, made to order, of picked
quartz, for J70; to be- sold for J26. UNCLB
HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
THE STANLEY Aerial NavigatloiTtompajiy.
A limited number of shares for sale at a
7 sacrifice. Box 2649. Call office.
; 200 LIGHT dynamo and engine directly con-
nected and in good »hape, cheap. II. S.
WHITE, 516 Miislon st. .
"TYPEWRITERS at ary price to close them
out: different makes: call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. , 403 California.
A— 20-TON Howe wagon scale; compound
> beam. ""Apply at 216 California st.
, 2 FRESH Durham cows, with young calves;
good milkers; gentle. 83 Shotwell st., cor. 15th.
' 3 36 DOUBLE-END enamel . roulette spreads,
! cheap. 432 Shotwell St.; call 7 to 9 p. m.
' A LOT or government tents; 30 bath tubs;
I cheap. 6&S Mission ct.
ENGINES and bollera; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 13» Beale st. ¦
1 TWO upright cabinet showcases. 202 Noe »t.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-band;
; > all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 66 Bluxome.
. TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all makes, at low
¦ figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montg'y.
¦ FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
' boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.'
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
¦ bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery «t.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st.
• MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
j tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Pe-st st.
SAFES — New and second hand: all sizes. THE
I . WALTZ SAFE-. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS "WANTS.
A— WANTED— Good, gentle. buggy horse; S to
¦ 7 years old; weight about 1000 lbs; quick ac-
tion; $40 to SCO. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 687
. Market st. .. --
• AN aeloian "orchestrelle: no ODjection to one
¦lightly used: price not to exceed $1000 or us-
)\ der; pay cash. Box 1541. Call office.
. WANTED— A good 2d-hand bicycle: state prlc»
; and make. Box £734, Call. -
1 PHYSICIAN'S gynecological chair or operating
t • table: state lowest caah price. Box 2703. Call.
. TILTON'S misfit parlors wants masquerade. 1a-
• dies', gents* clothing. 154. »th; tel. Folsom 2522.
! .MONEY TO'; LOAX.
• A— MONEY. to loan at rates which people can
i afford : to» pay on furniture, pianos. «tc. ; do
not : borrow; of your - friends or.- you will lose
i their friendship; do business. with strangers
l - • "and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
• publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, :. 9CS Market st.
" IF YOUR. PRO PERTr. ."...:..
.:..:.-.. ............. ........r....;.is mortgaged
. ¦ and you need more money, see H.; MURPHY
630 Market st. Loans on estates In probate'
undivided Interests In estates, second mortl
' ..gages, etc. . . :,193!wS8HSSB9SB8
» ANY, proposition, any amount; 6 per cent* first.
• second mortgages, . estates In probate. Interest
: in estates, legacies: corporation loans, chattel
J mortgages and securities. -Room. 16, lsr floor
' Chronicle \ building. . 1IALLORan:& OLSEn!
\ ANY amount at 6%: first. 2<J- and 3d mort-
• gagea." undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
. v bate;; mortgages and legacies, bought: node-
3 » lay; get m^ terms before doing business else-
j where. R.^McCOLQAN. 24 Montgomery, r. I.
- M S? f^ T l^ 0 !?^ 1 " 1^ 1 1 0 ?? 1 * without •ecurtty.
. HILL, rm.;44. Merchants'. Ex., «l Cfclifornla.
MO~EV TO : LOAX— Co-tinned.
HIGHLY respectable. . private place to obtain
liberal advances on 'liamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848 Market
rt. ; tel. Main 1644. —ranch 19 Third st.
KCO.0C0 AT S per cent In sums to suit In city;
$l£0,0CO on large ranches at fair rates: second
mortgages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Plna.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by prtvaU
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jone».
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAI* 10 SUth;
highest price for oil gold, silver, diamonds.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick: lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 11. 0 Market St.. room. 63.
Z% on furniture and pianos: $13 up: no removal:
no commission; private. Room SI. 6 Eddy st.
LOANS. 1st or 2d mtg3: city, country. «%. undi-
vided Ints. ; estates. HARPER, 337 Parrott bl?.
CASH loaned on salaries: New York plan. THE
TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott building.
$100. CuO TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 223 Sansome st., room 2.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorscr. MORRELU 609 _x aminer building.
TO salaried people without collateral or In-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
MUSICAL I.NSTIlUME.VrS.
ABSOLUTELY regardless of cost: closing out
our Northwest agencies; following are soma
of the pianos sacrificed :
1 Novella, up ....$63 1 Schiller $26.»
1 Eatejr $.15 1 Sommer $13->
1 Emerson, up ...$"• 1 Gabler $133
1 Vose $S~. 1 Waverly $123
1 Knabe ...$1S5 1 Marshall Wendel.|163
2 Stein ways ..$135 up 1 Fisher, up $11 »
2 Heines $;:.", up 1 Mason & Hamlln.$C90
6 Chickerings-. .$110 up 1 Schuman. up . .~*1<>J
1 Hallet — Davls.$4e^ I Hazelton square.. $55
2 Behr Bros'.S215, $JS5 1 Miller $125
8 Schaeffers $133 I Kelso IU">
1 new Mason & Hamlin chapel organ, origi-
nal price $420. now $193
And 50 others: rented and .rent allowed 1£
purchased; rents $3 up: we handle all makes;
agents for some of the oldest and most fa-
mous pianos in existence: agents wanted.
HEINE PIANO CO.. »17 Geary st. •
ANY person havlnsr use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay _ Co.'» with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the bust
of their grade, from Stelnway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low
priced pianos for a new Stelnway any tim*
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $8 cash and
$6 per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos at ». $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinwav dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth st., Oak-
land.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest houaw
west of Chicago is KOHLER _ CHASE1S. 28.
2$ and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tho
customer.
BIG stock medium and low priced new op-
rights; can b« exchanged for Hazeltons any
time within five years; all pianos warranted:
a flnft upright- nearly new. $125: squarxa from
J25 up; easy terms. At DEWING" S. 12 to 21
Flood building. San Francisco. -
BABY GRANDS at a bargain.
Decker & Son and Packard, slightly usad.
Such an opportunity Is seldom offered. Call
soon to «ret -the benefit of It. THE ZEXO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 763 Market st.
WARRANTED— All pianos sold by us are guar-
anteed: prices low; 6 makers to choose from:
some extra, value* 111 second-hand uprights
and squares. JDFTWIXCr CO.. Flood building.
A FEW new pianos for $t".0> second-
hand from KM. BENJ. CLTtTAZ & SOtf.
18 O'Farrell st. Chlckertng and Vose Agener.
AT WILSON'S Storage. 170« Market St.. yoa
can get storage pianos almost for a oong — $3
per month— dirt cheap.
LEAVING city, must sacrifice handsom* up-
right piano, used 6 months. 324 Golden Gate.
BEAUTIFUL new pianos. $155 up: rents and
easy payments. KLAKE, ZX8 Flllmors at.
SPECIAL sale of pianos this week: Stelnway.
Knabe and others. BRUENN. 208 Post st.
BIGGEST bargain In Fisher upright piano;
nearly new; must be sold. 301 Jones st.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardman. Con-
over and others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 314 Post.
BARGAIN — Must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank.
A NEARLY new grand unrttrht cheap: brilliant.
powerful tone. HORNING. 218 McAllister.
BYRON MAUZY. agency Sohmer _ Co.. Bvron
Mauzy. Gabler and Spellman pianos. 303 Post.
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market St.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shoninger agency.
SUPERIOR viollna. zithers, old and new. ill
MIXLEIt. maker, repairer. 2 I_!ham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
IS pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
MARKET, CO— Whole cf second floor, non be-
ing occupied by the Dr. Pierce Electric Belt,
can be leased from May « for a term of years;
rent $75. OBERMEYER.
____
JOSEPH B.TOPLITZ. 300 Pine st.
MEMBER PRODUCERS 1 OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
OIL lands near Oil City. $1 25 per acre. Amer-
lcan E-ploratlon Co.. 1413 Call building.
OIL. _AJV_S FOR SALEl "
TWENTY OR FORTY ACRES
In
Kern River District.
Oil on all four adjoining forties. Land ra this
section is held at $3C00 an acre. A quick cash,
buyer can obtain a great bargain by. applying
to J. S. EWEN.
123 California St.. room 407.
PAINTERS A.\D DECORATORS.
WALL paper, window shades; rooms papered. $3
up. Jensen & Bath. 308 Sixth: open evenings.
ROOMS papered from $3 up; city or country
Hartman Paint Co.. 313 3d st.: tel. Red S52L
PAL3IISTRY.
H^JEROME^O^iELLlTscienVlflc palmist 51S
Taylor st., bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
FATEXTS AXD PE^iSIOXS.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner blgj
PERSONALS.
Stoddard's Celebrated Plasters, a positive cur»
for all ailments of the flesh, nerves or mus-
cles, prepared and sold only by MR_ V
STODDARD. main office 1127 Geary^sT nr*
Franklin; 'phone East 233. Branch office* 1513
Market, opp. Van Ness ave. References— Hor-
ace Plan, attorney; Tom V. Cator. attorney.
A— TT your hair is falling or you are bald, call
22,, Dn - < L!i, MOO ? E - 4S * G « ary st •• an <i ™»
will not be disappointed; this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed; preparation sent tcvall
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
* l c W . E ? K . L - T "~ Sul _" *_* ora>r ' rom genuine
Scotch. $U> up; fine dress suits, $20 up- ele-
gant overcoats, $J5 up. LEON LEMOS. HIT
Market st.. between Seventh and Eighth.
LADIES make 2C0 per c «nt selling our goods at
home. For terms and particulars address
The Hntchinson Co.. New Haven. Conn.
Ladles' & gents' cast-off clothing bought A
sold. J. Sllverman, 3S* Folsom ; tel. Folsom 1131.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st., near Market: 700 rooms-
25c to $1 BO per night; $1 50 to $8 per week :
free 'boa and baggage to and from the ferry!
PANTS. $2: suits. $8 73. ORIGINAL MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLOR3. 437 Montgomery st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 73 Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny. st.. near Pine.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quartsr
or double. $3 K. EASTERN OUTFITTING"
, CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
SCHOOL to learn halrdresslng. hair work, man-
icuring: private lessons or class. MISS A. V
DOYLE. 1704 Market. t*t. Polk and Van y»_
GOOD home open for healthy boy and girl
babies. MRS. DR. FUXKE. Hl« 8th. Alameda.
JAMES' Detective Bureau. _7 Montgomery st.
room 21; phone Bush IS9; charges reasonable.
MARTIN LAXGLEY-Return. home or send
word; wife prostrated with grief.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Us natural color: $l;at all druggist/.
"KINGSLAND Art Colors." for leather, wood
and photos. |tt all first-class art Mores.
A HOT? I il«?_' ° f * b ?£ bO 2.I aney w °r* to. order.
HORISHIMA & CO.. 243 Elllg; tct. Red 1363.
SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready."
Domestic" office. 1021 Market st.. nr. Sixth.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs-
_ country orders. GOLDSTEIN — CO., 733 Mkt."
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
- corn cure; 25c: all druggists.
PHYSICIAAS AXD SURGEONS.
D IL& S- O-DONN___L-Offlc« and residence.
1021H Market st. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR.' WONG HIM. herb doctor.- successfully
treats all diseases of the humaa body; sea
.testimonials at olflce, H4-1J7 Mason, nr. Elll*.rXr)uncanlC;J;McDousai;Vat>hls own ro
questr ¦ has ibcen } committed Uo"; the Mendo
clno-AsVlum for thelrieane.. He haabebn
treated : twice ; at" the iRecetyirifir i Hospital
f or J alcoholism' andriinforrhcd ; the -doctors
that ' h e .was 'suffering [from ] a 'suicidal; ma -
nln. .; lie thinks'a fev/.weeks?at the"aaylum
will restore '% him."' McDougal ' came \ to < San
l^ranci^coi three weeks ago from < Hopland.
where she had j been*, practicing j law. Ho'
left hfs.wlfcand: family; ther^mnd'eamo
alone in order that he could see the sights.'
Hopland , I*awyer Insane.
.'on - Monday -next at* 12:J5 ami
"continuing ;e\^eryiday r^t^thefsarne. hour,
there (will 1-beTai praise, service • in ¦ the ¦; fe •
ception hall of the!Chamber v oT Commerce,
on California" street: 'For; thrpe years
these serv Ices ;havc been conducted under
the ? auspices -of } the Brotherhood ;: ht'J Bt.
Andrew," anj organlxatlon • of: young 'men ¦ Jn
communion '{ with 5 tho ;' Episcopal church.
Mondays Rev.'; F 1 . -W.; Clamnett, D.*I)..
rector of i Trinity i ; Church.'iwlll • speak on
"Wnatis Prayer?"'- * Tuesday Rev.;Geor?e
E.'-Swan.^rector^of, St.- Mark's. < Berkeley.
,will ; be, the preacher. vlth'*How. to r^ray"
as ; his subject. 1 .Wednes iayi Rev.'i Louis ' 0.
Sanford \'tat£ St. ?• John's will rfsneak s'on
: "PrU'ata f Prayer."/ •- On J Thursday * Father
Parish ; of - the Church ; of 1 he Advent twill
tailk&an ? Prayer." * Frlda^R^v.'
Edgar. 'J/ TAon of St.*: 5t«pheh*s VUl: preach
on ? "Prayer i For. Others.'' i and . at the con
cluding s service ;on* Saturday * Right -Rev.
Bishop Nichols; will speak ony'Answer* to
Prayer.'T.T Here -.wiH \ be music \ at all the
service* : "'^¦BBBSBflHBK^ // .
Servicaa ? f or y Merchants.
- Isaac K. and Rosa Steckler to Herman Levy,
lot on NE corner of Elizabeth 'and
»tr«-ets. N 65 by E 117:6 (quitclaim deed); $i
Kllzabeth i J. - Haskins < to - WTtHam } H. _\Volf,
lot on .NE'cornerof r Greenwich: and Leaven
v.orthEtrcets, 'N, 137:6. by- E 137:6;|15,000 •
' Walter M. Cary to Harriet Cary. •' lot on N
line- of Chestnut strept. .100 ¦W. of Lsavcnworth "
\V 27:6 by N 337:5;, $3000.' •':'.
.".Rebecca Harris to Emma Ijcvy.'-lot on R -ltrte
of Hyde street, 45:10 S of, California, 8'22:n by
¦H.T.K. Jr.: and- Clara II. nianchetto" Peter
and- NIolstne-'SoreniMm, lot S, block 11, .Paul
Tract ;IIome«tead; $500. . . ¦ . . . . •¦ •
Gottlieb Schtnlcrer. to Elisabeth Montgomery,
lotion EJine 1 of ; Eighteenth avenue," ICO' N of
B street."^ N; 23 by E 120: $50. ¦<-.- -.-••,- •¦.-.-:
h- Callaghun * Estate » Company to i Emma*- Har
rlngfton «wlfe,orA J ),ilot 6nAV/llne>of Elcvontht
avenoe.1323 S.nt-H street. S 23. by W' 130; $1000.
Herbert A. and Altheali 'Richardson to ( WH-*
Adelaide . ¦ M." and ' John T. McCrosson. to SI.
R. : Eisner, • lot ¦¦ on ' NE corner of -Washington
street and Central'avenue,- E 63:5 by N l*f7:8U 
»ioqo.-. ¦¦,/,-.- , . .-. ..-.. - ... '¦,,. /¦• - :'.
WilhclmSne : W. - Mager ; to . Henry ' C. ' Worth*
lot s en *N V line, of ; Golden -Gate avenue,. lio : XV
of. Fillmore street, W 27:6 by N: 137:8; ISGao.* ¦/ ¦
v Christian and Lucy Muller to James A. , Fer
son," lot on N line of Halght street,'- 1<6:3 E of
Cirhaitan, E 40 by K-137:6; JIOOO. .
. John McAllister- to Edward Ij.Perrault, lot
on W line of .Van Nesa avenue. 75 S of filbert
Btreet, 8 25 by W,, 110; $3000. '
REAL ESTATE TRAN*SACTIONg.
CRIBB IS FAVORITE
\0VER THURSTON
Three Fights : Before . the National
Sporting- Club Vat-Mechari-"
. : ics' Pavilion.
The National Sporting Club will hold fits
socond -fistic J exhibition :; of : the - year at
Mechanics' Pavilion ...this ; evening. V;Tho
main ; evont on the ; programme"; will cbela
twenty-round V go— If ; it * should ilast" that
long— between '{'¦¦ Otto Cribb and, '/Dutch'.'
Thurston. -who 'gave*; such' a /whirlwind
performance ; in c January. Both
are Jh^prlme iconditlon : and i promise sbrhe
thlnjr of .the' same order for.thls evening's
offering. , Cribb rulesa 10 to 7 favorite in
the;bett;ng.- '. -f ; ,„
As« preliminaries - KlcJ : McFadden and
Danr.y Manoney will. have .their. fling, at
it, as "well as Tommy Cox and Jack'Gran-
vi'.'bur.roadls.mosf conservative," he said.
,1'Wc ; maka r money ¦ and . are ; su tlsMed. Wq
are • notMookins t f or> any; point - where) we
can reacht the Pacifl<» Coast aaa terminus
AVe will ; ; not; form < or -join: any . syndicate
and the road Is not for, sale." >
: He declined to confirm r the rumors Uia t
the j Rock : Island, road ; was ; contemplating
branching, -which was recently reported
fiom'Nexv, York.",-.- \ " -" >..v • -^ ¦--¦ ¦¦.-.• - . ¦
¦ ; Intalklni of railroad matters, he Ms of
the opinion that* with the consolidation of
the Union aild Southern Pacific companies
the roads' ; will i be; managed by twojdiffer
ent heads for many : reasons."- ' - " - -
R. ; R.- Cab!e. president "of ;the Rock Isl
and Railway," with headquarters- In Chi
cago, arrived, from Monterey yesterday in
1'ls ; private ' car, ¦ accompanied s by his r wife.
The ¦'• well-known c railroad i man' is * in the
habit of:paylngr a visit to California every
winter, and he ; says * that 1 the time \ spent
here this year was the most enjoyable
of all. -= '-.''. '- V '-. ¦¦ ¦- ;-'.,.-,:-.-..¦.¦.-¦--
Railroad Matters.
pany, - Arrive* and Discusses
R. R. Cable, President of the Com-
ROCK ISLAND < ROAD NOT
TO JOIN A V SYNDICATE
The window of the jewelry store of J. C.
Davidson, 124 Kearny street, was broken
at an early hour yesterday morning and
diamond mountings to the value of $150
ware stolen. The thief had attempted to
reach some diamond ; ornaments, at the
rea"r of the 'show window by means bf a
rake clumsily made, but failed. In doing
so he must have cut-his hand severely, as
the edges of the broken glags- were cov
ered with blood. The rake was discovered
lying outside the window at 7 o'clock yes
terday morning. Detective Wren has been
detailed on the case;
Jewelry Store Bobbed.
Martin Stevens, who has recently 11
tracted the public «ye as the oft appoint
ed attorney T for absent. heirs In various
probate proceedings In Judge Troutt's dc
partment of the Superior Court, must pay
back $500 he borrowed from Ausust K.
Drucker, together with $148 25 interest.
Judgment against Stevens and in favor
of Drucker was glyen by a Jury In Judgre
Kerrigan's court late Wednesday after
noon. Drucker loaned Stevens $500 ln,18;«J
and took as security a mortgage on prop
erty at Eighteenth an 1 J streets. As juit
on the mortgage was • delayed It ! became
worthless and Drucker was forced to iue
on the - promissory ¦ note; which accom
panied the mortgage.-
Martin Stevens Must Fay.
Manager of B-ancho del Paso fiecomes
t ' Confidential^^"With *': James R r f T •
'¦' : Ksehe's Double.
; MaJor: Frank. McLaughlln, mining ' ex
pert, j rolltician (and i rnan j of affairs, .who
enjoys a bon mot or a small bottle. as well
as- 'anybody, ''.', tells a good Joke on John
Mackey,'; manager of Rancho del .Paso.
From presiding over the, vast Hag-gin do
main in Sacramento 'County for so many
years, with -his nctlve knowledge of pedi
grees and superior Judgment ot the thor
oughbred, . Mackey ~1« known - the horse
world over. Of him it is said he can pick
a Midlothian yearling from a band of 200
at ' two miles, and manufactures a :salvf»
that I has added many thousands to the
coffers • of. the I great breeding- establish
ment. ' V --.' : --; ". .- •', - : -. ¦ ¦ -
During the" big dispersal sale of horses
from the late Jlarcus Daly's Bitter | Root
stock farm, held. In New York during the,
liiiter part of January, John Mackey la
bored diligently to make. the thing a suc
cess. ; Among those prescht at Madison
Square Garden on the opening night, just
to . mingle with the crowd and listen to
the pleadings. and pleasantries of the auc
tioneer, was George Crouch. -, No man In
the metropolis bears a more striking re
semblance to James R. Keene -than
Crouch, who is himself a broker of some
what smaller pretensions. -While "glanc
ing over the vast sea of faces Crouoh was
surprised .to be accosted with a pleasant
"good-evening'!., from ,, a. .broad,' bronze
'faced man wearing a typical Western hat,
and" then to have a piece of paper thrust
Into his pocket, with , the mild - rejoinder,
"These . are . the horses you want to bid
on.":. , ; "¦.-':¦:- - - ,: "..- - . -.. / ¦ - -
Crouch at ¦ first looked for a policeman;
then on ; second thought glanced over the
Ust:of names written on the slip of paper
handed : him by, 'the -mysterious .stranger.
Hamburg; Isidor, Emporium, La Tr'appe— .
all v/as as Greek to him.\
-Satisfied, no doubt, In his mind that he
had . given the millionaire turfman the
right "tip." >: John 'Mackey, wearing the
name sereno smile he has worn for years,
awaited results, Nonplussed, George
Crouch told his friends that night at the
Hoffman House 'bar ; of • the meeting with
the brawny Westerner and the slip of
paper. Then came the awakening.' John
Mackfcy had mistaken Crouch for Keene,
and ? probably: to this day attributes some
of- the:8plrlted -bids :recelved from the
ownir ot Ballyhoo '- Bey and : other turf
celebrities ,: to * the - little * piece o* paper
thrust into the pocket of George Crouch.
MA.CKEY GAVE THE RIGHT
TIP TO THE WRONG MAN
Mary Thome, alias Mary McCann, the
woman whq waa arrested by "Policeman
Sylvester for annoying Jacob J. Gottlob
of the Columbia Theater and was charged
with : vagrancy, ) appeared hef ore Judge
Megan >esterday mornins:. She was rep
resented by. Attorney Gallagher, who de
manded a trial by -jury, and the case was
sft . for-' Monday afternoon at- 2 o'clock.
Miss McCann claims she has been art inti
mate friend of Gottlob for the last sixteen
years and bad no Intention of annoying
him. - - - -.; -'.. . • . .
Mary McCann Wants Jury Trial.
HOTEL ABBIVALS.
-.-..'¦¦¦ . .
PALACB" HOTEL
S George, Kan City
Mrs George, -Kan City
B W Paston, Sta Rosa
F Q Therle, Chicago
Mrs Therle. Chicago. -
Mrs H Tbdd, Portland
S-A Brewer, Denver
N Heath. NSW •; \
DrWM Roads." Clnn.
H N Rice, Boston
Mrs L M Morris, NY.
J C Beekman. NY .-
A Lewis, NY' • '
J L -Anderson; V.'ash
Mr Hawkins, London
Mrs Hawkins, London
A Campbell. • China i ¦
H.T.Wright, U S N
Mrs Wright. NY
L" Prance, N Y ; '
Mrs J A Whiting. Conn
E E Newcomb, Conn ¦
G Fry, Conn
Miss E W r Carlton, Colo
L G Csrlton. Colo
WTWynn. Ind
3 D Hubbell. Havana
O C Wood. NY .
Count Cast^l, Paris
J A Devoce,
Mrs Devoce, Chicasoy
A Knight. 8t I^uts ¦
Mrs Knight. St Ixiuls
P M Walker; England
J Walker.; Eureka
J Clark, Los Ang • >..'
T E Fernald.' Chicago
J A' Whiting, Cal
E E ' Newcomb, • Cal ¦
G Fry. Cal •
Miss Carleton; Colo S
L G Carleton, Colo Sn
W T Wynn, Ind
A Knight, St Louis'.-
Mrs Knight. St Louts'
C Davis, Cincinnati
Mrs ED Klnn.'.CInn"
W ft -Warner. Cinn • .
Mrs. Warner, Cinn .
II R Cable. Chicago
Mra Cable.. Chicago
LA Gastman, 111 *
W L Thompson,' Ind
Mrs Thompson, Ind
DrvC F Engels, .Mass I
J G Mason, N Y-
O F Meacham, Seattle
J L Freeburn, Spokane
J P Army, Tacoma
Mrs Army, Tacoma "
F,S Flah. Ind
W. F WigBins. Ind
Mrs J C McKlnney, Pa
Miss Moltz. Pa -•
K H Hoi brook. N Y
Mrs Holbrook. N Y
J H Kckels. Chicago'
Mrs Eckels,»Chlcago . \
G J Brush, Conn. -.;
Mrs Brush,. Conn
Mrs McLaughlln, Conn
Miss .Brush, Conn
CW, Henrj-, Phlla
Mrs Henry. Phlla
J McCauldin. NY
Mrs McCauldin. N Y
Miss McCauldin. N Y
K M Hodscns, Butte
Mrs Hodgens, Butte
\V T Kennedy,, LAng.
J A Chanslor, L Ang
T H JBoyd. N Y K '
C H Vilas, N Y
9 K Knlsely.N Y .
A Thayer, N Y
J K Souther, Wash
flB Packer, Pa ¦ '
A P Sturris. N Y
C A Caldwell, NY
\V K'Knauf.'Wls
H- Tracy. Ill : -
T S Pitts; St Louis
Mrs Pitts, St . Louis
Miss Mackay, St Louis
Dr-W AHendryx, L A
H S Lewis, Detroit
Mrs Lewis, Detroit
Miss E.Lewis, I>etrolt
Mrs. T. R- Linen, N Y
MJfs Hounhton, NY
R I-Schwaubstater, Mo
L Schener, -N' J • . -
Mrs- Schener. N J - >
O «' w Bremer, ' Phlla • T
MfsBremer, Phlla -
WF Read. Phlla
Mrs Read/ Phlla:** /:
C H Merrill, C .
Mrs Merrill. N C ,
W: H Lelchton, Mas»
Mrs Leighton, Mass
D Lesnard, .- N Y ~
Hiss I^esnard, NY
J- H Clarke. Mass
Mrs Clarke, Mass
Miss.M Clarke, Mass
C S Carter, Conn.
Mrs Carter, ¦ Conn
J ¦ K Harmon,' Chicago
'J E Morrison, Chgo
Mrs Morrison. Chicago
Mrs Sylvester, Chso : '.
Miss Sylvester.". Chgo ,
A P Ray. Chicago
Miss Waterman, Colo
B U Steinman, Sacto "
Mrs ¦ Steinman, Sacto
Mlsa K D Stelnman.os
I.IIsw Steinman, Sacto .
0 L Willoughby, Chgo
J R Wilson, Chicago
J D Laddy, Phlla
C 41 Banghart, N Y
K,W Plngree. Mich
.1 'J . Booth, Pa ¦ ¦ :
Mrs K S Bray, Pa
MIbs B D Booth. Pa
J * J O'Connor,- N Y
D A Croall. London -
J L Harvey, Grant Pas
GRAND HOTEL. •
\V II Mitchell.; Cal
J TV Shaw. Valley Sp
J M ' Day. . Li"Angr •
K AVaterman, Bakerflu
C B Ott, Wheeling.
C Rockf ord, 1/ Ang
Mrs Berry, SefHia
E E Bush, Selma '
J Haugwitz, Pa
Mro Rastin,. Chicago
Mrs Thumler, Pa ¦ . -
A' Berneri OrovlUc ¦ ,
T Reed & w, Recdley
O P.eed. Bakerjlleld
L Ross. Bakcrsfleld-
R Brownbaugh. Seattle
P.P.- Mlnnaugh. N Y
J' Dougherty, Dunsmr
D G- Hunt, Millvllle
G Bancroft, Cinn
J McCuster, Bakersfid
Mrs White. -S Rafael-
M Bijrflrs Jr. Orovllle
J L. Weaver, Boise ..
O Gabbert, Spokane
AD Graham. Chlcaro
J Gasser & ; w, Tolcdw
C OaKRer, ; Toledo i
T Wiikens & w. Chgo
A C Graham, L Ang
D "Wile. N Y T
R Ij ralmer, ; Portland
FJ -Martin. Ariz :
S Platt, Carson :.
C Weymouth, - Alameda
L. RHervitt, I. Annr
J <C . Crooks, ¦ Oakland '¦
Cr Kennedy. Llvermore
F- Martin. Yreka
JIrs Peterson. Napa -
Miss Trowbridpe, Napa
A W.' -.Bales, '¦ Napa
O D : Taylor, Portland
R Keating, Palo Alto
W Mulr. Sacto
H Wllcox. Chlcwro
G "Waterman, Bakerfld
E Huhbard. Kan City
G McCord, Hanford
C H' Ralph, Saoto-
A Sherman & w.'-Utah
Mirs Sherman, Utah ,
A'-F Sherman; _ Utah.
J . H ' weer,- Tacoma -j
W Cluney & w. Chgo
C Tucker & w, . Ta com
G Gordbody & w. Ch*o
Ida '. Robinson*, " Honolu
A Morton & w, Seattle
JSeawell, Ukia«
Mrs* Peck, & s.^Cal
J Gardner, -Cal • .
GHutchln, Portland
Mrs Ham, Portlomd i
.1 Mathews, • Tucaon
H E^Tavey," Chicago
J 1.- Clark, Osrden
G;W Pierce, Omien
A . M Darely,"- Cal
n ¦Woodhull,- Stockton
R J.Martin,. Stockton*
K.TOatman. Chicago
P F. Brown & t?,-Pa
N13W / WISSTT^HNs HOTEL.
B S Shores.' Portlnnd
Mr Johnson & w,Valj»
R T Preest,'. San Joae
V Cottle, Ban * Jose .-;_" ¦;
W. C Larcom."-- San Jose
a Ridley.. San Jvss,
P M Casey. Denver, --
H Anden. > Bouldin Isld
\V O Cralbe & w.MIch
A.B Kluge & w.Tracy-
IT Precsh. San Jcsa
I, KWIe, Victoria
V Perrler. Victoria ¦-¦¦
1 A i Murray, NY'. "
A IS ¦•; Charlaton & w,
Denver ~-fc»3BB»feSiTO9ii
KK Sullivan, S Cruz
C - c: ' Dana • & w; Chpro
FT H Parsons. » L. Ang
J Ilnwman, Chicago
Chief Justice Bcatty of the'Stftte
Supreme Court . yesterday granted Jamef
Morton a prisoner, at. Folsom his liberty.
Morton was convicted of the crime of as
sault with intent to commit murder and
was sentenced to be Imprisoned at Foi
som for - a term of ten years. -Subse
quently on the 7th of August, 1890, he was
convicted of burglary in the second de
gree and two days later was sentenced to
be imprisoned at Folsom for five years, to
commence at. the expiration of . hl» - first
sentence. The Supreme . Court yesterday
decided that the Suijerior Judse erred l:i
sentencing the prisoner for a second of
fenae before he had been made to suffe:
for bis first crime, and granted Morton his
liberty, he havlpjr served his first sen
tence. • • . .
Morton Set Free.
Written Decision Deals Elaborately
1 : With "itiwA Eights "•: of -Courts to
Punish Violations of Re-
¦training Orders.'
ST. LOUIS, March 28.— In the United
States Court of Appeals to-day a decision" 1
was handed down sustaining' the position,
of the lUnited States Circuit : Court in" the
case of John P. Reese,-, a member, of the
executive -, committee of I the* United Mine
Workers of America; who was Imprisoned
for- alleged j contempt j of an Injunction "or
der and subsequently released on a writ- of
habeas corpus. ; The decision,, which 'Was
written ;by;~ Judge Adams, deals , elabor-;
ately with the rights of courts to^ punish'
for the violation of restraining orders".
-Reese - and others went to Kansas in
1899 in- the progress* of 'a coal strike and
delivered speeches In behalf of. the gtrlk-:
ers. - In July, 1899, the Coal i and
Mining Company, . Qne of t the ; largest con
cerns ; affected . by the strike, secured an
injunction against all members of v the
mine workers'. union and "all others' com-,
bining, confederating or conspiring with
them, who are residents of the State."- ¦
¦After delivering a speech Reese ¦was ar
rested on the ground that he had violated
the injunction and was sentenced to a
term of six . months in the jail at Fort
Scott, Kansas. ¦• The case. was appealed, to
Judge Thayer, who ordered the discharge
of Reeee. It was, to pass on the merits
of Judge Thayer's : ruling that the case
waa referred : to : a higher court. Judge
Adams ", holds that - the restraining -ord£r
does not necessarily, have , to apply spe
cifically, to any person to inflict punish
ment for, its violation;; He says that the
mere fact that the order of a court is de
fied by those who have knowledge of it ia
of itself sufficient justification for con
tempt proceedings.- ¦. . -
In the case at issue different circum
stances are presented, he held. • The i de
fendant was punished for violating an or-'
der in behalf of private interests and not
because he had. held Jn contempt the dig
nity of the* court . It was not demon
strated, the court says, that
Reese in any manner had conspired or
combined ¦ to - injure the' property of the
complaintants/, : . . .
After reviewing the points involved
Judge AOams said:
From ; trie foregoing 1 U-!s apparent that the
oftense of violating «n express* restrainins
order Issued at the suit of a private . litigant
for his .protection is one thing:, dependent upon
the actual existence of such rest raining order
against the person charged with the oftense in
the suit to which he is a party, by name or
adequate representation, and that the ofCenao
of a person not a party to' a suit in aiding; or
abetting such party to disobey or resist a ; rfc
stralninr order against himself or lndepen
der.tly ¦ or" intentionally thwarting • the - admin
istration of - justice Is another j and essentially
different thins:.;-* ¦ • . •- . ¦
The petitioner had the- right, accorded him
¦by the constitution of, the 'land and time-hon
ored I precedents to stand upon the accusation
as made - ana ' to defend himself against the
charge as made, namely, that he had violated
the injunctive order.
. He ¦ exercised the right, and, after , being
found . ffutlty and imprisoned for violating the
injunctlve order, '. proceeded to challenge the
lawfulness of, his restraint for the reason that
he was • not a party to the cause in which the
injunction wan issued and, that the court waa
without Jurisdiction to call him to account for
violating It. * , ' • • ¦ " .
Strike Agitator Did Not
: Injure Corporation by
His Speeches.
APPEALS COURT
SUSTAIN S REESE
Clairmonte fell heir .recently to con
siderable property, which, however, is so
deeply involved as to be of little value to
his young son.
.There being: no one to arrange for the
dead man's funeral and not money suf
ficient to pay for even the poorest kind of
a burial. Cawston has taken charge of tha
body and has guaranteed the payment of
the funeral expenses, that the man may
receive a burial befitting his station. The
funeral services will be held to-morrow
afternoon.
Egerton Clairmonte waa well connected
In | Nova Scotia, where he was born. He
was the eldest son of Adolphus Julian
Clairmonte of Lakelands. N.S. He wti
a man of culture and education and was
the author of "The Africander." He mar
ried the widow of H. H. W. Melville, who
later, as his wife, became famed as a:i
author under the nom de plume of
"George Egerton." Sho gave to the world
of " literature i "Fantasias." "Discords,"
"Keynotes," - "Symphinies," "The Wheel
c«f God," "Young Ofee'«* Tables/% and
Other .compositions.
Soon after arriving ¦ here he was taken
ill with pneumonia and' was removed to
the Christian Hospital. Here the disease
was running its usual course, with appar
ently every chance of recovery up till
11 o'clock Sunday morning. At- 11:10 the
man was dead. He.-vas seized with a
spasm of the heart, and before medical
aid could reach him he had expired.
-, Clairmonte was almost a stranger In
Loa Angeles. He carot« here first about
six weeks ago and farmed the acquaint
ance of Edwin Cawstck of the * South
Pasadena ostrich 'farni.- ' Through' Caw
ston, Clairmonte entered into a contract
with the Pearson ostrich farm at Phoenix
to act as manager. . He did not i seem to
be satisflecjr, however, and came ' to Los
Angele3 ' to see If he could find anything
to suit him better.
LOS ANGELES, March 2Sw—Alone. In a
strange place,- far. from- every tie of. kin-
Ship, Bgerton Clalnr.onte, the . talente J
husband of the world-famous late author
ess "George Eeerton." died* In this city
last Sunday morning . at the Christian
Hospital. .
Who Was Himself an Author
. of Note and Once Pos
sessed Wealth.
• •• ? "¦ i
Melancholy End of E. Clairmontc,
Husband of the Late "George
Egerton" a Victim of
Pneumonia.
DIES PENNILESS
IN THE SOUTH.
Miss Sarah - E. Johnson ; = (owner) with R.-
Stone (contractor), architect Henry H. Mey
ers—All work for a two-story^ frame residence
on W " line of Central avenu*>. 127 :8y N of
Jackson street, N 30' by "IV 118:S; < $7983.'
.F. S., Johnson (owner)_wlth same contractor,
architect same — All work for a two-story, base
ment and attic framo building on N line of
Jackson street, SO W of Central avenue, W
SO by N 127:SVi; $7723.
Andrew E. ; PeFsano (owner) with Demartlnl
& Traverso (contractors), architect- J. A. .Por
pprato—AH • work excepting . excavation,- 1 con
crete, ; palntinp. plumbing and tinning for a
three-story and basement frame . building on
W line of Powell street, 27S of Chestnut, . S
35:6 by W 100; *3704. ; :
¦ ¦ J. D. Ph«lan (07/ner) .with R.- Dewar and
P. P. Quinn (contractors).- architect "Wllllajji
C.urlett — All work f pr a . two-story ¦ brick - an<l
terra cotta building' (for, a .public library) on
lot. commencing at interjection of NW line of
Fourth street with NW;llneof Glara, iSvv*70,
NW; SO, NE 70, SE 80; : U5.595. ' ¦ (
-Same owner with G. P. W. Jensen (contrac
tor),, architects samo-^Carpenter -'and mill
work, glazing, tinting, hardware and copper
w'ork. for same on same; $5100.
Annie j Knox (owner) ., with ¦ McCullough Con
tracting Co. (contractors), architect James A.
McCullough — AH work, for a three-story frame
building with concrete foundations (3 ' Hats) on
N line of Haljcht street, 60 W of Devlsadero,
N 87:6 by W 27:6; J8C00. - ; . •: :
Reuben H. Lloyd (owner) with Otto Schro
der ¦ (contractor), ' Salfleld & ¦ Kohlberg archi
tects — Cast and wrousht iron work for a three-
Etory and basement brick building on NW line
of Mission Btreet,- 91:8 S.W of Main, SW 45:10
by NW 137:6; $3700."
Builders' Contracts.
'¦'•¦ Mary E. Schierfelln tOiHAP.:Moreal, lot on
N line - of Pacific avenue, v SCO W. of Walnut
street. W- 100 by "M 150:2, being lots 2 and 3,
block 25; lands adjacent to Enclnal, Alameda;
John Young: (single) to Thomas and Jane
OCgers, lot beginning at a point in center line
ot Grand or Walnut avenue, 2962.037 NE from
NE line of county road Oakland to; San Lean
dro and known as the - San • Leandro - road,
thence - NW--. 758.34 by.SW 115.272.- portion of
Stone: Subdivision.- Brooklyn. Township; |2000.
Mellssa S. Carle to William J. Kltttx lot on
N ! line of Thirty-first 'street. ; 390 W'of West,
W, 25 by N HO. jbeinsr .the W half of \ot 31.
block 2038, Rowland Tract, Oakland; 1500. .
' W. Q. and Carrie : W. ', Badgley to Elizabeth
T>. ThomEon. lots . 5 an4 6, block 131A. map of
I'-renan Estate property. • East Oakland ; $VH>. -
• Mlner\-a Webb ¦ to same, -lot on SW.- line of
E Twenty-second j street. . 100 . SE of Ninth ave
nue, ?BE- 60, SW 100. NW 25. NE 43, NW 25,
KK 65 ,- to , beginning,- block - 131A' on map • of
Urenan Estate . property, Eant ' Oakland : SbOO. \
-William and ¦ Ida Mountain to Charles Bou
<2row, lot* on S line of Knox avenue. 752. ?9 W
of : Telegraph, W 40.68, S ISO. E 40, -N 175.80 to
•beginning, portion ' of Knox . Park, Oakland;
jinoo. ¦*- • .- . -. - - .-..¦ - / ,...,- i-
Klamesla Venchiaruttl and ' H.~ H. • Laurence,
bp : trustees. • etc.; • by W. S. Harlow; , commis
sioner. | to Mary t J. I Burton . (assigned • to | Rlley
P. .Winters), all interest in lot on ; NW. corner
of Fourteenth and;Harrlson streets, N 206. W
150, S^103.-B 110, S 1O3.^E 40 to beginning. Oak
land: $830. ¦ •-- -.-"-->--;¦-• -J--.- ¦¦¦-,-.¦¦:¦ ¦¦.¦¦;,: '.,', ¦'¦
Alameda Cpuiitv.
. • Hannah and ¦ Samuel ( Greene to Southern Pa
cific Company,- lot on SW line of Fourteenth 1
avenue south. 275 SE of Q street, SE 25 by SW
1C€. block 232. O'N. and.H. Tract; J3000. ¦• - r
• - Kmanuel ; Krull to - Richard and Karen - Krull.
lot on SK line of Arlington street,- 13S'NE- of
Mateo. NE 25 by SE 150. portion of lot 3, block
10.\Fairmount,Tract; 51ft, / : ' ¦•¦-¦ •
-' ¦•- Adelinde M. -Hayes to ¦William" CooKe.* lot * on
N W. .line of ? Federa^ (Frederick) • street,-; S94 :6
SW of First ; and 119:6 ; SW- of EUery . (Ecker),
SW-'lSiby NW'80^$2000.^ :^ ¦--¦'.< < • s. ¦ ¦ '
Ham -C* and Katie L. Roblnson.-lot on S'line
of Powell > avenue, 84 E ' of Mission street. EJ
24:Siby!S l0O;=J150O.- : ./-.--: . '. ' .
THR SAN^FR.^^
11
:.McAVOT;<t:CO..
FUNERAL ' DIRECTORS & EUBALJJER3,'
KM Market st.*." between ?th and 9th.
-,. Telephone . South ; 247.
STOCKTON, 707— Single room, eultable for two
3-ounir, ladies in business during the <lay; use
of piano.- .
EKERMAS Apartment Hotwe. 2S Eighth »t., nr.
Mcrk' t-Furnltbed or unfurnished.
Zl and 23 Fifth ; st." Tet: south : 1$7, '
IUHEEAL DIEECT0R3 AND EHBALMEB1.
Flne«t * Eculpment - wt Moderate • Rates. -
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
Ha* opened Funeral Parlors at 214 E<Mv
rt.. bet. T«ylor and Jones. Tel. . Sou th E7«
KEMEMBER 214 Eddy et. Is on the rlKht-
hand side of the street going from Market
JflmES McGinn
SIXTH. 2tZ~ Nicely furnlsbed rooms; rent rea-
sonable. ~: >aMM ¦MBBnUMflHaBaH
POLK. 1311. near Pacific— J unfurnished sunny
room*. —^ .
ROYAL House. 128 Ellic— Incandescent light;
reaflinr-room. Emokinp-room and ladle*' par-
lor; rooms, per nirht. S5s to II CO; week, tt to
**: month. |S to WO: elevator on pround floor;
rocnu witfa hot and cold water; bath*.
P.OEEDALT3 House. 3i3-2»l Ellis et.— Rooms,
night. 2T.c to fl: week. II 25 to $4; open night.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; etec. ilcbtt: day. wic. mo.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market rt.— Nicely
fanilri-.ed rooma. n a week up; 35c a day up.
KOSS. 24%. near Howard— 4 unfurnished rooms
good yard and water; rent $9.
(EucceEsor to Flannagan& Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr°
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERJ.
Z0 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln SchooL
Telephone South SO. ; - ..
HENRY J. GALLAGHERXO.
.BAILWAY TBAYEL.
jSanta Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
>' ," '-"' . Local Llm'd Ovrl'd I Locai
Dally. Daily. Dally. | Dally.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:0) p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton.. 10:25 a U:45 a ll:0S p J;23 p
¦•¦" Merced... 12:15 p 1:17. p 1:15 a
" "Freiino .. 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:0& a ........
- "Hanford.. 4:22 p S:J7 p 7:M a ;.
" Vlsalla... 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a ........
•' Tulare 1 ... ,4:;7p 4:27 p 5:05a
" . Hksfleld.. 6:50 p 5;20 p 7:S0 ft
.."' Kan. City ......... 2:41 a 7:33 a
" Chicago . ..;...... 2:15 p 9.00 p !.......
. a for morning, p for afternoon! '¦ .
'9:00 a. m. train is the California Limited.
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and. Dining
: Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Hakcrs-field for accommodation nf Wai
: flrv^ class passengers. No . second ¦ class
tlcktt" are honored on this train.. Corre-
sponding train arrives at S:S5 p. m. daily.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ins train arrive* at 11:05 a. m. dally. .
3:C0 P. m. ' Is the Overland Express. • with
ithrouph : Palace and • Tourist : Sleepcrsvand
free Reclining Chair- Car,\, also Palace
81eeper. wbieh cuts out at Frtsno. Corre-
epoRdtnj; train arrives at 5:3." p. m. dally.
. ; - 7:20 a. m. la Bakersfieid I^scul, stopping
at all point? In San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
;tpohd Ing train arrives at 4:40 a. m. dally.
...Offices— C41- Market ;strc«{ and :ln Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; HIS Broadway. Oak-'
* 'and- —¦-¦¦¦----.-¦¦ ¦¦>¦ ¦- - -^ •-•¦--¦¦¦¦- :/--..¦--¦--¦ .
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
e - Via SausalUo ftrry.
'Commencing September 3o. WOO..
FROM SAN ' FRANCISCO TO • MILL. VALLEY
.— ,»i-r AND SAN RAFAEL. , ,
.; WEEK : DATS— <:6S. . *9:13, 11:00 a. m.. »1:45,
3:15,- 4;C0. 6:16, *C:15.- 6:10 v. m.-. . •
•-- EXTRA \ TRI PE-For MilL Valley and San
Rafael- on Monda >•«.-» Wednesdays and - Satur-
days at 9:0O and 11:53 p. m. - -
••SUNDAYS— •8:00.:-nO:00,v»a:SO a. m..- •lltt.
3:l.V>*4;45,v«:30, v <:COp..nj. - ;• .; ,
¦ Train* marked '<•) run to San Quentln.
FROM KAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
-WBEKi- DAYS— 5:20. - •« :30. . 7 :43, :»:30; a. m •
•12:30. ~1:4S, »3:30. '4:30. 5:20 p.m. i :-*¦ ¦
Z -..EXTRA ¦- TRIPS on r. Mondays, Wednwdays
and ; Saturnays *t 6:45 and 10:20 p.m. -
:i SUNDAYS—* :20. u •»:«>. •10:00, «11 :45 - a. m
•t:40.-«*2:15.'4:45. •«:*» r>. m. . -
'''Trains markid:<*)- start from Ban Quentln
FROM-MII.L VALLKY TO SAN FRANCISCO
.WEKK' I)AYa-5M5. : 6:45. .%7:55, l:30» a? m
12:352:10. 3:30, 4:5-1, 3:20. p.m. ¦ - ' --
i.EXTHA i TUIFS on ; Mondays.- Wednesdays
and Saturdays nt 7:10 nnd-10:20 p."m. • . ¦ --
— SUNDAYS— 8:0w.-.1.0:C3 a. m., 12:05, 3:16,' 3-30
5:C0, 6:45.i). m. - ¦ ¦¦'¦'' , -
-;; , THROUGH. TRAINS. . I
6:55: a. m. week, days— Caxadero and way
station*. . - ..--"¦- --.• • . ;-.. - ¦: ~
¦-;:: 1 :45 • v." m. - Saturdays — Tomales and way
stations. •» > .¦•¦-..¦¦¦••..
S a. m. Sundaya - Tomale»' and way aU-
Uona. ¦ ' ¦¦ -• - • . . - - -
3t ARKET. io;;. opp. Jones— Furnished sunny
rooms, eingle or double; bath.
IJoAtXIFTER, 927— Front room; parlor floor-
bay window; tlO. '
MARKET, 1045A (The Robinson)— Furnished
guiua or eingle; reasonable. Tel. Howard 108.
•A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
SSc to tl per r.irtt; II 23 to IS per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT. I<TS Market (old TCo. 1364)— 5"ur-
niebed rrr.fr. suites, etngle; also unfurnished.
nDDT. *72— Elegantly furnished rooms; new
fiat; 112: also eulte: board if desired.
FIFTH. 1C7— Pleasant ¦nnfurslthed rooms to let
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mlnelon sts.— Bunny rooms, en eulte or
single; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
GROVE. €03',$— Nicely tarnished room; rent
reasonable.
HOWARD. GlV-Single. nice furnished, sunny
front room; aleo larire nice furnished room
fnr two; rent reasonable. •
-JESSIE. 3O. near Sth end Market— Furnished
room. »4 a raofrth; large room, 2 beds. 18.
MARKET, 1031— Changed bands; nice sunny
double room*. 11 2S up.
/HLBOKN HOTEL. 221 Grant ave.— Best dol-
lar a day family hotel In city; polite attend-
ance; larg-e room*: modern conveniences;
ro6ms 10c up; first-class meals 25c; free coach.
P.OOMS TO LET.
A — For rooms apartments, housekeeping, fnr-
rlened, unfurnished, with or without board
finest In city, eee ELDER ROOM RENTING
CO., 22 Kearny st. tel. 2234 Red.
ROOMS TO LET Kara, and Infurn.
AnGYTTE. The— Ready for ' occupancy; Just
what you have been waiting for; most ele-
cantly furnished rooming-house in the city
parties with references invited to Inspect- all
the latest improvements. McAllister 'et.,
! corner. Larkin; rooms shown In the evening
CLASSIFIED Advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
VAN NESS, <K— Entire upper floor: 3 eunny
furnished rooma; eas Ftove; no children.
SIXTH. Ml— Front and back parlor for house-
- keepliyr, $10; eingle rooms, $4.
FACRAMENTO. U.14. bet Hyde and Larkin—
One large nicely furnfimed room; private resl-
flencc; Hstit houseiiueping allowed If desired.
GTFriends and acquaintances ' are ' respect-
fully Invited to attend. the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from, his late resi-
dence. 343S Twenty-first street. Please omit
fl&wers.
COLLINS— A fourth anniversary < mass will be
celebrated for the repose of the soul of the
late Edward Collins at St. Francis Church.
Vallejo irtreet and. Montgomery -' avenue,
to-mcrrow (Saturday), at ? o'clock. Friends
and acquaintances are respectfully invited to
attend. ,
COUGIILAN— In this city, March 27, 1901,
Henry J.. beloved son of James and Mary
Coughlan, and brother of J. • R. and .T. J.
Caughlan, a native of San Francisco, aged
2C years.
COX— In this city, March 28. 1901. Marion A.,
wife cf Herbert E. Cox, a native of Santa
Cruz. Cal.. aged 28 years.
FOKPIANO-In • this city. March 28. 1901.
Jalbes, dearly beloved son . of. Mr.- Frank
Koppiano and of the late Mrs. Tere«a Fop-
plano, and brother of Mts. Rosa Puccini
Mrs. Cellna Golton and John and Rlnaldo
Foppiano. a native of San Francisco aeed
S2 years and 3 months.
GALLAGHER— In* this- city, March 27 1<K)1
Theresa, beloved \ wife of Patrick J.*. Gal-
C7*Friends and. acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 3 o'clock, from his latt resi-
dence. 2C5 Harriet street, between Harrison
and Bryant. Sixth and Seventh. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BROWN— In this city, March 28, 1801, George
Brown, beloved husband of ¦: Clara Savage
Brown, a native of Scotland, acred £5 years.
(Springfield. Mass., and Hartford, Conn.,
papers please copy.)
ALEXA N'DER-In this city. March 28, 1S0L
Marie Irene, beloved daushter of E. C. and
Annie E. Alexander, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 3 years 11 months and S days.
"ANDERSON— In this > city. March 26. 1901.
John, beloved husband of Bertha Anderson.
and father of Sophie and Annie Anderson, a
native of Sweden, aged 47, years. ,- ,
Alexander. Marie' L Manning-. Arthur E.
Anderson. John Moody, Volne" D.
Brown, George Mulligan. Nellie J.
Collins, Edward • Murray, Eliza
Couehlan.- Henry J. O'Nell. Mary B.
Cox, Marlon A. Ralston, Gavin
Foppiano, . James , Hobles Mercedes
Gallagher, Theresa Slmeoe, Mark ¦
Gilmore, Patrick Smiley, Fred
Giuyas, Jane E. Smith, Mary
Helke. Charles Stapleton. Edward
Holland. • Elizabeth Wainwrlght. Wm.
Jones, Abbie Wal«h. Arabella
Kelley, Marsaret Weill, Hannah'
McDonald, Thcs. G. Wilson, Marian ¦
McKinhon. Mr* E. Wren, Julia
Mallon, Honorah
DIED.
POINT LXDBOS ax-e.. 1S33. corner IZishth ave. —
2 or 4 furnished housekeeping rooms.
OOTAVIA. 14C3. corner Gearj— Sunny front;
folding bed; large front with kitchen; $S up.
MISSION. 1275 — 2 front and rear room; connect-
ing: furnished ; eleo rarlor.
MISSION. I72SVi. near i:th— 2 sunny furnished
housekeepiftg rocm»: bath; laundry. IS.
MIXNA. Cuj — Large furnished front housekeep-
ing room* to let.
McALLlSTER. 1C7— Upper floor, 3 unfurnished
roonic; many bay wir.dcw; rAit 515.
Z TO 5 elegantly and completely furnished
housekeeping rocme, u*e of piano; phone;
cerden; nire rurroun Sings; reasonable. 12S
Liberty St.. . Guerrerc-st. curt.
HOWARD. 1T03— Nicely furnished bay-window
room with kitchen for housekeeping.
HOWARD. 10C3»j— 2 eunny connecting, comfort-
ably furn. hkpg. rms.; ixn. water; $8 per mo.
HOWARD. SJ7— 2 rooms, newly furnirted. com-
plete; also larger room. $10; hGusekeepins-
HARRISON. 7-1— Front and back parlor, fur-
niFfcefi for housekeeping; large yard; rent $13.
GOLDKN GATE ave.. €22— Sunny bay-window
suite, 3 rooms; gas ranjee; running water.
FOLSpM. £34— Sunny fcousekefping room; stove,
closet, bath; private; JIM week.
Hicks, both of San Francisco.
BHODERSON— LEEPER-In this city. March
27. lttil. at the First Christian Church, by the
Rev. Frauk S. Ford. Charles C. Brodersan
and Llzrie-J. Leeper. both of San Francisco.
BHOWN— O'MEARA— In this city. March 23,
180L by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
Stephen Brown of San Francisco and Lucy
O'Meara cf Oakdale, Stanislaus County. Cal.
ENNIS— McLACHLAN— In this city.- March 27,
190L by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
Walter E. Ennls oad.Mary G. McLachlan.
both of San Francisco.
JOHNSON— MACK— In this city. March 19.
130L by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
Rufus Dwigbt Johnson of Seattle. Wash..
and CV>ra de Witt Mack of Cincinnati. Ohio.
McCAUSLAND— SHROYER— In Redwood City,
March 28, 1901, by the Rev. Dr. John A- B.
Wilson. Georce Victor McCaus'.and and Ella
Shroyer, both of .San Francisco.
MOHR— STEINEGAL— In this city. March 27.
1901, by the Rev. William Cl Pond, Otto H.
Mohr and E. Estelle Steineiral, both of San
Francisco. ¦ • .
MARBIED. - : ;. ; .
BARGEAVELL— SO\\"ER— In this city, March
24, li-Cl. by the Re\*. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
Oscar Bareewell and Loulta Bower, both of
San F ranclsco. »
ERAMHALL— HICKS— In this city. March 23
1S0L at Bethany Church, by the Rev. William
C. Pond. George B. Eraroball and Emma B.
ELL1P. €39. corner Larkin— Large eunny bay-
- window an! kitchen; nice front folding bed-
til. -.. ........ . - ...
I-ICMKNTINA
house feeej»!nK.
£46— 3 furnished- rooms for
ROOMS FOR HOUSEIvEEriXG.
BARTLETT.SeS (Mission warm belt) -bed room,
kitchen & bath; furn. hkpc-; email garden.
. OAKLAM) FCRMTl'RG FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhia*. th»
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
BORN.
COMISKY— In this city. March 20. 190L to the
wife of James Comlsky, a son.
WEBSTER— In this city, March 27. 190L to the
wife of H. Webster, a daughter.
" Birth, marriage and .death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the Tiame and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
ELEGANT comer lot. 135x100; *65C0. wfth im-
provements; modern house; large barn, beau-
tiful flower farden: San Pablo-ave. oars pass
door; cor. 34tli et. See owner on premises.
A BANKER'S hora». S rooms; irrandly situated
half block marniflcent (frounds; $17,<X)0 ex-
r*nrte<3; price ?SW<'; must sell quick; Roins to
Kurcpe. LAYMA.NTE itEAL, ESTATE CO
4ff>-4« Eichth et.. Oakland.
MAREIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :
Charles S. Ferine, 23, 2927 Octavia street, and
Elma U. Jorpensen, 16, 2?27 Octavia street.
Marcus J. N'etter, Si, city, and Lillian Rosen-
w««Se-. £3. city.
Max Rosenbach. 28. 1252 Kddy street, and
Nettle- A rrleton. 22. 1046 Golden Gate avenue.
Peter Xelson, 34, 17-17 Mlrsion street, and
Hannah E. Jensen. 29. Colorado Springs.
Harold A. Craie. 29. 1SU Page 6treet, and
Emily C. Tibbey. 22. 1S03 Scott street.
Royal r. Macdonald. 24, Oakland, and Mor-
paret D. Collier, 22. city.
Et--1/>T in LrriTi ; KS feet from Btation on
Rerkfiey local, giving a half-hour service to
San Prancisco, t&m* time to city as Irom Tth
«fl Hroadu-ay. Oakland: this lot must be
foM. A. J. SN'YDER. 467 Ninth et., Oakland.
$*0ii^-A MAGNIFICENT home on Telegraph
ave.: S rorrrs and bath; modern; lot V>xl23.
A. J. EXTDER. 407 Xir.th st.. Oakland. Cal.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for repairs, painting, etc, at the
United States Sub-Treasury, San Francisco,
Cal.— Office of the Superintendent of Repairs,
1044 Mission et.. San Francieeo. Cal.. March
' 28.1901. — Sealed projvis«*ls will be received at
this office until 2 o'clock p. m. on the 11th
day of April, 1001. anJ then opened, for re-
l>ain>, paintlni?, etc., at the named
building-. Copies of the specifications may be
had at this office. Superintendent of Repairs.
-OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
J13OO— «no CAFH. balance $13 per month; new
..-raom cottage, bath and brick foundation:
all sewered; ch Funny side cf etreet; only
1's blotks to cars; same as rent and own
your own home. W. C. MORAS & CO..
I^orin station, and Schmidt block. Berkeley.
TYPE WRITERS A.\D_SUPPLIES^
GREAtHaRGAIXS 1X~ TTPEWRITEKS^We*
srl! Letter machines for less money than any
house In the city: rental*. $3. The Typewriter
Evchanjre. 5Sfi California: telephone Main 266.
GOLDEN" irKST Storase Warehotise. M0 Mis-
sion Bt.:'tel. Mint 1821. K. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storaee and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.: phone Jackson 281.
BUBO; COST S»,C0O; one of the finest places "in
Berkeley; pround? comprised of shrubbery and
orchard which cort ttkKiQ to 6et out. and
«he-re the most delicate newer* will icrow
the year around; this place must be sold on
account of death. W. C. MOHAN & CO..
Lcria ftatlon, Berkeley, and Schmidt block,
Berkeley.
EEKI.VS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1M0; shipping at cut rates.
nrnuni-EV i:i;ai. estatis.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
storage: and warehodsbs.
HEnCE-RODOL^iTitoragr^rijwlnFco?
office. Post and Powell Ets. : tel. Main C713.
_ ftttllTIIKHN IM<:iriO COMMJIT.
|F»CiriO aTKTIM.)
Trains lf»»m Mud nr« •!¦•• »• nrrlv* «?
. . man rttAN«:iM«:«». .
(Main Lit.c , root of Market Street)
LXats — From March U 1901. — Altar?*
7««» a Msrtliiei.8«a (tsaioa. Vallejo, Kap*.
C»Ii«itjg*«ii.lS»iit» Uoj».. . flU33p
?i30a Benicis, aiiisun, Kliairt, V»c»»Ule, . -
- IUmiey »!nl .Sacr«n»«uto ?l33r
":to» D»»k Woodland. Knl^'hU L»ndlne. '
M»rn»itlo, orotiil*.. TiS-ir
7iS»a Atlantic KxprcM— Ovden »od Km* it.SJf
. =:«« a NUes, Llienuora, Tncy, Latbiop,
8tociton 7t»*r
S:S(ia Shut* Express— Davis, M'iliiinu (for
- Uvtlett Spriaes). VTulowa, Il«l
Bluff. Partial*!. 7«3«»
>i3Oi H:.n .luae, Ufermorr. Htoektou,
lone, tUeranioiico, - FUcnrrillo, .
M«ryaTilli>, Chic(), lie". IShilf 4t8Sp
•iSOa Oikiliir, Chinese. 8oncra. C»rtan... . 4:a,1 •
IHIIK Har*«r<U. MlMtml W*y Kutlom. I Il3i*
. liuui Los Aageiea : Kit »c«» — Martinez, ¦ ; -.
Tracy, Lalhrop. troaktou. McrecU
Kre»iio ami Lc« Aoga'es 7:33p
t«3hA Vull-i". M»rtlii«x kiui Way Station* a i.iitr
I Oiu i> a Th« OrcrUnil I.lml teU -Ojion, Den.
Ter, Unrah*. Chlcaj-. : ti-Uf
' I1:«Oa KiU-s. 8too»U.n, i»or»m-n»o. Mon- -
dot*. Ft»»n.i, lUitTor.!. Vh«l!»,
I'brtervills : €i«ar
11:00a UTsrm-ito, Btnevt. Cothm Jane-
tiuu, UikcrsfWil. Lt:» Anseles
tl:O<tp SavV'im<>iii.» l.'ivt.rStn.nmM )Sl««A
3>o»f Kcuiclm. Wluf.er». - ¦ HaerKUictato.
WwmIIiuuI, I\hW'»» l<au«Hin,
UHrfXTltlf, OriMllla. .-....: l«:iU»4
•«!«0p Ifajward*. NHrs uitl Way SUtfons. 9i33p
4i»nr Martina*. ria« lUuirm. V*li»Jo.
Nu|m. <:Hll«t«.|,». K»ni> lto«a Hill*
f4tOOr 8un#et Liail'ed. El Paso. - New
Orleans and Ksit. el t :23a
4:O<»rTli.; Uwl IJmitfr«l— Tracy, Fif.ino.
lukerslinlil. haiig'ii for Santa l:*r-
Itara. frfi* Anicelt-i. ll:23»
4>an r Ilcrw'rila, Mlw »i»l H*n .l-.ne fHi.lS*
BiO«»r Now Orl-itur Kxureas — IUkerailol-1.
-.HhiiU Kailwra, l.i* Aitt'--!»<». l>»in-
Intr, El ' l'uo, Xew Otioaiis an<t
/ • . Vju» ; T=33a
•t««» Nller I.i»ermore, Sti.ckton. Lodl.... IOi-VIa,
-H:iinr IISLywuiila. Milo> and Kwi Jojv...... ?>S-1«
t«:OO|. ViUIk). I Ia.t34
ili<M>r Oriental M*ll-Oglen, Cbe;enu«,
Omaha, Ctifcigu • i. 12<3-1r
•lOOr Oriental .Mall— OjJen. Den tor.
• Oinalin. Cliia«io . 4<S3r
~:«tti- (It««oii and Ca!if,iru1a Kxt'"-". s »o-
liiuiriit... :.I»r< H.ille. ¦ ICmlillnjc, - -
I'tH-thiii.l. r,i|jot KohihI mi.l KhkI, 8s-15i
•t^-'rEaa TWo. Pi-rt Vq*U, UttUtn
aucUVay HiSSa
t<HHf V»llfj.> : 7s»ar
(OAST IU VISION (Nurrvtf (<aa8l>).
(fimtff M-irk«t Street.)
kilAA Newark. t>iilcnilltf.H»ii.)o»«.l'>ltnii.
l.ou)<'erCrt ei,.SaiitaCrni*nil Way
stut.i-.iiii •>aa»
ta«ISr Newark. Csuler«Ul». fcmn .l»u, N»ir
AImaiI«!i. t i-itim. IViit!(lor <;re«k,
Saiitt I .Til it and l'rfocl|>*l T'*t
*4r*ti«.i.jt : tl«><t«A
4iinr r.e-xtrk, m»h J<hi«, I .in fSaN.-.i Hi.1Oa
o9:3tOr Uuntera' F.nursioa. Bsn Jen and
Wtj t"««O*
/ -XRE5K ROUTE FERRY.
frimSl* rniSClSfl— r«t «r Miri.it Slrwt (Sli» J>—
t7:l» -«:0O ll^OA.M.: I:fl3 3:» 5:18r.n.
rrtnOituiB— r.«i.t» f »,d«.,._ trt.oo ; 3 ;oo ts.-05
1U;QO».M. 13.53 2:33 133 r.M. -
4OAST HiriSION (ItromlUaiixfl).
(Thlrii »i.il Tawitnaml Ht».> •
t»il»A ()ccs>i Viow, .Soutli Him Fraiiciiieu. . t«=*"'
7:»MUSm> .lone ami Way St-.ll.-ii* (Now
Alinntlon V/tiln«4<I«)«niil})....... Ii3tf
B>««* Ha'.i .1ij»«. Tfr* I'iniu., Santa t.'tiu.
Pacilic «ir..te. !'¦•» IdilHes. Han t
l.nia . Ol.i«,H.. Hiirf. 1.oui;k>c amt
IMi:ei|.:«l \V»r St;iti..iis 4sl*V
Iffi-lOA San Jiua mi.l Way HUtians «iM»
I Ii3I*a Halt Jose mi. I Way MUtiou* Ai'.tUr
t'4ti»r>)kii M,itH>, K<f>lwuo>l. HsnloPuk.
falo Alto. Hanta Clara. Sin .li.ne,
Tres IMuos. SanU Vrmc, Sajiuas,
Monterey ami 1'aeilie CruTa...... tlO:rsn»
fS!S«r . '¦Ian .lose »i.(l Way .Htaliuu* 7i3l»p
! t4:ISp Ran Jom »»<i Principal Way ftutlona Uil.1*
: f3:eop8an Jow, I,os Gitos aud t'rineipal
Way tuition* „...-?»:•• 4
' 3i3(»r Saii.l.iie»)i-1 1'rinciiial Way Station* «;S5a
•«n» r > 8»!i.lns-aii.l Waf HUtloiis. ........ f^:«»*
all:4.tp H»n Jc?i"»n<l Way Mtatlimi ":3Or
A for Mori.ii.'X. 1* for Aft»rn.»oii.
fniirt»» excreted. I Sunday OSLtjk
f Mondays, Wednesday*, Fridays. . -
i Tucidaj-*, Thur jiUt* iuailaji. • •
• d»turd»y onljr. " — •
CALIFORNIA NDRTflWESTEBN RY. CO.
L3SSSE ¦
SAH FRANCISCO .AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St
>ian hrun-'tmZ* ¦- ¦ > an- i. u '«• ;
TIBURON FERRT— FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WEF3K DAYS— V.ZO, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; i::J5. 3:3u.
6:19, 8:30 p. rn. Thursdays-Extra trip at U:30
p. m. Satnrdaya— Extra trips at 1:50 an4
11:30' p.. ntv>
SUNDAYS— S:00. 9:Z0. 11:00 a. .m.; 1:». ¦ 3:30.
5:00, 6:50 P. ro. • ' ¦ -'
WEEK DAYS— »:V>. ":a>. 8:20. 11:10 a. ra.: 12:Ou
3:40 3:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:i*
ana <:3S p. m.
SUXDAYS-S:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. ra.; 1:», 3:40,
5:05. 6:2i p. m.
Between Ban Francisco and Schuetsen Park.
tame schedule as above. ¦ ¦¦ . •
Leaire I In' Effect \ - ArrlT*
fan Franclsca [XoV. 7. 1900.1 San Francjgeo._
V/eek I Sun- I . I Sun- I Week
Day*. ( day*. \ Destination. I day*. I Day*.
7;3O am S:dftaiT)l Novato, 10:40 am 8:10 am'
3:30 pm 9:30 ami' Petaiuma. 8:05 pm 10:25 mm
5:1'} pm *:G0 pir.; Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:23 pm
* T" . Fulton.
7:30 am - AVindscr. 10:15 am
Healdsburc
Lytton.
, Geyservllle;
8:30 prn l:COaret, Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 1:8 pm
7:20 ami' • 11 Hopland I • I
. . | 8:00 am|' and L'kiah. | 7:35 pm| «:23 pm
7:30 am ,» 1' ¦ 10:15 am
8:C0am Guernetille. 7:£>pm
8:20 pm «:S3 pm
7:0 am 8:C0 am Sonoma t;15 am S:tOam
..-.' ' and :
5:10 pm &:C0 pm Clen Ellen. «:C5 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 nml 8:00 ami il0:40 am|10:25 am
3:ZO pmj 5:00 pmj Sebastopol. [ 7:35 pmj *:S2 pm
Stages cennect at Santa flosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton. Springs; at
Geyservllle for Skagga Springs; at CloverdaU
for the Geysers: at Hoptand for Duncan
Spring*, Highland Sprinirs, Kelseyvllle. • Carls-
bad Springs, • Soda' Bay. 'Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for -Vichy Spring*. Saratocs
Spring!*. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, "Witter
Springs, Upper' Lake. Porno. Potter- Valley,
Juhn , Day's. Riverside. Uer!ey'»." Bucknell's,
Sanhodrin Heights. Hullvlile. Ott's Hot Sprlnrs,
Mcndoeino City," Fort Bragjr, Westport. Usal.
AV'llletts. Laytonvtlle. Cummlngs.' Bell's Sprints.
Harris. Olsens. Dyer, Scotia and Euraka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced ratesofSBEUI'libn tw*H0WQ*4p&0aq)tj0f*m
On Sundays, round-trip tickets ¦ to all polnta
beyond San Rafael at half rates. ;.SWMtaM
¦ Ticket office. 634 Market St.. Chronicle build-
ing. R. X RYAN.
H. C. WH1TINO.: G«n. Pass. Aft.
General Manager. '
ftlOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
• ViJ SiuiiHto Tetry— Foot of Uarfcst St. »
lv »*N man. ' •¦• **¦* »¦»•».
W>tZ\ -~-^EEK DAYS 'I I^JJJ;
4:W v. U, ) stay over nightat tbe tavern- (10-.X'» a.m.
ll:» A. M. { HI.AUAY S r ' m '
lUd r . M. J ¦^aRMBBSBa*"*;, I 5.35 r . M .
•: • Faic. SiiB Fmndjcn »« Summit »n«J Ret-juf. »1. W.
.Tletc ( Offices, 621 Market St., A SrwwIUo Ferrr.
•'.' - - " - ¦ " ¦ "-¦¦ " .%'
• /r\^ r ' Gibljon's Dispensary,
&¦<*<<**&$ 6129 KEABXT JSTf. E.«oblhhed
Im i*iaM ! " IS3 * '«rthe tr?afmrnt of frivwt*
*Jft-/A-*^« ' i '" < "''" ie! '. 1jr*l JI«ni.i'r<l. Debility or
wwjre^iillvaj 1 wearinenn body &n<t mlml ami '
• <*5E5SKS^ Skln Wa^asea. TlieDoctnrcureawhen
tt^S^BiB8 0tne " fal1 - iTr him - '"bars** k>w.
*?^Ci2gijgi4Ba<'"rr«s:n»ri»n«*'<rd. CSIIorwrita,
X>r. JF. F. <«IDBO3l f baafraaclaco, Cal, - _
HANDSOMELY refurnished rooms: board first
class. IlCl- Central ave.. Alameda.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND HOARD.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
WANTED — Small home for $3000 or $4000 cash;
QTtner-3 or.ly. Box 2713. Call office.
WANTED- Nice building lot. $1200 to $1500
Box :t;4, Call office.
SEWIXG SIACHIXES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bouch t. sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds" bought.* sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired: open even.: phone Black 1124, 205 4th.
EO1TGHT, *old. rented, repaired: needles anrl
ehuttles: reduced rates. 145 6th: phone Mint S.
BAD tenants ejected for tl: collections mad*;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery *t.. rooms 9-19: tel.- S5S0.
11EAL ESTATE WASTED.
"VVANTEP-VVithin l5Trnlie7^^iin~Francisco"
improved farms; price not to exceed $5000; we
have cash buyers. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667
Mark -t Ft.. San Francisco.
MATERXITY HOSPITAL, 997 Market St.— La-
die« during confinement w. 10 days" care, $20.
WRITE J. W. HORN. S12 Mala. Petaiuma, for
fire copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
PILKS— PETER FREIUXG'S pile salve. Jl per
box; -warranted to cure all cases of bleeding,
itching, external, internal or protruding
piles without fail, no matter of how lqnjj
standing. 1628 Devisadero st. near Sutter.
M. GRIFFIN, T19 Market Bt.. by Call bldg..
wlls hotel*, lodRinp houses, stores, etc Print-
ed lists -of farms and city property.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
FOR rtKXT— About 5 acres land, frood barn. 2~
rtory hou!«». fnshd or net ; also ealoon & bar-
t*T shop. II. M. Le Usron. Valley Ford, Cal.
REAL. ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
IK you have lots to Fell notlh of the Park.
then call on W. J. GUNN. 63 1 ) California *t.
MODERN cottages and flats built: reasonable;
plans furnished. ' GEORGE M- SALSBURY,
builder; office 1~3 Market st.
yen the best located lots Jn Richmond and th«
rheapest caJl on %V. J. Gunn. £30 California.
MAKES HER
MARK
ON THE MAP.;..
SAN FRANCISCO
TO CHICAGO IN 75
-^ -HOURS ON THE
SANTA FE..... V
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
LEAVES SAN FRANCISCO
AT 9 A.M. EVERY DAY
TWELFTH,"- 111— Wcll-fnrnlshed ; and eunny
room to private family: use of bath. ;
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
| received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions haa been established at 1095
Valencia st.
THE BERLIN. 23S Kearny-Elegant suites;
eingle rooms; running water; transient.; -V. ,
RICHMOND LAND CO.. 7SZ Clement et.
T»o full lots with modern foWT-room
oottape. »n best part of Richmond; .
price „...'. .$2,300
Pair of neat flats, 9 rooms; price........ 5,7iO
Store arxl flat, modern and cheap at . 4,000
• ¦orner, r.7:Cxino, on Lek* Bt 1.600
Itusinf-ss lot on Clement Bt. onlv i 008
r-rtory house, C rooms, modern 2,500
11300-CHEAPEST home In the city; to effect
<juU-k salr: 4 rooms and stable: well of water
j>ro<1ut-<>K 1000 pallons per day; etreet accept-
ed t<y city; cement Fidcwalk; plank tide en-
.tranrp; part cash. Call Immediately on H.
W. DAVIS. 415 Twenty-ninth, nr. Sanchez.
SHOTWELL. 121— Kurnlshed front room. - $3 60
month.. . - . . ,. -.,...,,-
lachcr, and beloved- mother of William J.,
Joseph : F., ilary ? A.* ' arid • Marraret J. Gal-*
¦ iaRher, a- native of Dublin, Ireland, aged 60'
years.- ¦ • ¦- • • . -., - - -•.,-:.•¦¦-. ,. - ¦'.,-.. .--,
•¦¦'- ?• CTFrlenda and acqualntaacet are ; respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral, to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from s her late ' real- :
dence. 403 . Octavia street, thenc^ to ' Sacred
Heart - Church,, corner -Fell- and ; • Fillmore
¦treets, where a requiem high mass -will be
celebrated for the repose of her bouI, com-
mencing: at 9:30' o'clock.^ Interment .Holy
Cross Cemetery. - . ¦ - . ; " ': ¦'
GILMORE— In this : citr. March 26, • 190t Pat- .
rick, dearly beloved » and r only ; son of Mar la
and the late Thomas Gilmore, and beloved
¦ brother, of Mre. R. . C. * Munro. Mrs. ; B. W.
' Jlauahy. Mrs. J. S. Forrest and Mrs. J, T.
Cullen, a native of Galway, Ireland, aged 38
years. ¦ •¦ . • . *, ., •;_" . :
CTTiFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the residence
of his sister. ; Mrs. E. W. HauRhy, 327 First
street, thence to St. Brendan's Church, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the renose of his nodi, < oommencinK at 10
: .o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.- /
RIGGERS' and Stevedores' Union Association
—Funeral , notice: The ? detail ' from Thomas
Brown to John Connell inclusive will assem-
ble at their- hall.- 32 O'Farrell street.* at 9
o'clock this (Friday) morning, to attend the.
funeral of our late brother. Patrick Gilmore.
By order ALEX CAMPBELL. President.
F. E. DURHAM, Rec. Sec. -
GLUTAS-In : this . city, March - 28, 1901. Jane
Everett Gluyaa,: relict of the late Reese W.
Giuyas, a native of New York. * ' '
HELKE— In" this city. March 27. 1901. Charles
Helke. beloved fathtfr of William- L. and
Adolph Helke. a native of the KlnRdom of
baxony. aged 80 years 2'montjhs and 6 days.
HOLLAND— In Vancouver, . B. C, Match ; 21,
mU Elizabeth, beloved wife of Alexander
Holland, and^beloved sister xtt Mrs. Margaret
. Jleevea, Mrs. James E. Brltt and Arthur and
the late John. Cronln. , a native ot : Washing-
' ton,,! D. C. a«fffl? ta ffifiB|Tri t #WM
CTKrlends and acaualntancei are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral from the
parlors >of Carew & Knglish, 41 Van- Ness
avenue, this day (Friday), at J o'clock,
thenco to Holy Cross Church. Eddy
between Scott and Devlaadero. for : services.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. Remains
at above parlors. ¦_. •; ... \ :•
JONES- In- this city. March 27. i901. Abbie.
beloved. wife of James H. Jones, a native of
Npw York, aged 50 years. -:.;.>¦; ; . , . - % ..
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from Trinity. Church,
Bush and Cough Btreets." Interment Masonic
Cemetery. --. < .,.-.-¦
KFJLLBY— In New York City, March 17. 1901,
Margaret, beloved wife of the late Simon
Kelley. sister of William Osemen. and grand-
mother" of Blanche M. and Ida E. -Jones, a,
native «nf 'England, ' aged 63 years. '.
[CT Friends and .accuaiutancea are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral. .this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the, United Undertaker?, 27 and '. 29 Fifth
•etreet. thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where
'a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
th* repese of. her soul at 9 o'clock. 1 ¦' ;
McDONALD — In v this*. city. March it, 1901."
Thomas Geor&e, dearly beloved son bf Joseph
and Annie E. McDonald, and .brother of
. Jennie. Edith M. and Robert J. McDonald,
aged 4 years 11 njontha and 24 days. t
IC7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his t>arenis, 4547 Eighteenth street. Inter-
ment private. :>."~
McKINNON— In Oakland. March 27, 1901. Mrs.
E. McKlnnon. dearly beloved* wife of Miles
, McKlnnon, mother of Mary and Miles Mc-
Klnnon, and sister of Thomas Donnelly and
Mrs. J. Myers, a native of Dundee. • Scotland.
attPd 32 years and 11 months. .
ITTTrlends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral : this . day
» (Friday); at 2 o'clock. -from the residence of
James Taylor, -1211 Clay street, - Oakland. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery. -
MALLON— In the City and County Hospital,
March 27. 1301. Honqrah Mallon, a native of
I California, aged 34 years. ...
MANNLN'G— In thfs city. March 28, 1S01. Ar-
thur E. Manning, beloved son of Mrs. G.
. O'Neal, and brother of Thoman. Elsie and
Walter P. O'Neal, a native of Mendocino
County, Cal., aged 24 years 1 month and 8
days. ¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦ -. ?. • -¦¦¦.--. -¦
MOODY— In Berkeley, March 27." 1901,- Volney
D. Mcody. - a native, of New York, aged 71
years 7 months and 17 days.-. '
(TTTrlends are invited to attend services
to-morrow (Saturday), at 3:30 o'clock, at the
chapel of the I. O. O. F. Crematory, . San
¦ Francisco. No flowers. .-¦ „;,.'
MULLIGAN-Entsredinto rest. March 27, 1901.
Nellie J., beloved daughter of Elisabeth and
the late Peter Mulligan, a native ' of San
¦*¦ i iiric.iico. • ¦ . .-.*'.-.
Bhe waa so beautiful.
This virgin-blooming flower, "
He could not choose but cull
'_.¦ It for His heavenly bower. - -
CyFrlends and accuaintancea are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this , day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her mother. 1621 Hyde; street, thence t*
St." Brigld's Church, where a solemn reqiiiem
high mats will* be celebrated for the repope
of her soul, commenctne at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy- Cress Cemetery.. ¦ • •;¦
MURRAY— In Altrurla. March 28, ; 1901, Eliza,
beloved wife of William II. Murray, daugh-
ter of • Mrs. E.- U. Belcher, and mother of
- Warren E.,' Elizabeth! B.-and-Rena" B.-Mur-
ray, a native of Weavervllle, Cal./ a*red 47
years. . ....;;
ICJ" Friends and accualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, at
her late residence, 807 Castro street.
O'NEIL— In - London, March 11, 1901, Mary
Bridget O'Nell, beloved wife of Charles
O'Ncil. late*of Killarney. and sister of -Jo-
seph P. O'Ryan of San Francisco, a native ot
Ireland, aged 31 years.
RALSTON— In this city, March 27, 1901. Gavin
Ralston, a native of Scotland, aged 64 yearn.
ROBLES— In this city. March 27. " 1901, . Mer-
, redes Robles. a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 years 6 months and 11, days.
SIMCOE-^-In this city, March 28, 1901, Mark
Slmeoe, beloved son of Mr. and Mrs. J. T.
Slmcoe, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year and 1 month. .
SMILEY— In this city. March 28. 1901, Fred
Smiley, a native of England. •
SMITH— In" the City and County Hospital,
March 28. 1S01. Mary Smith, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 30 years.
STAPLETON— In thhs city. March 2fi. 1901,
' Kdward Stapleton, beloved husband of Lillle
Stapleton, a native of Scotland, aged 45
years. . . -. -, -
t^Frlends and accualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lcrs of Porter & White. 122 Eddy, street, un->
der the auspices of the Longshoremen's Asso-
ciation. . Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
WAIN WRIGHT— In this city, March 27 1901
William, beloved husband of Annie C. Walnl
wright. and father of Harry II., William G.
Elizabeth H.; Anna and the lato Edward w'
Walnwright, a native of Manchester; Eng-
land, aged ft> yeais. -
C?"TUe funeral will take place this day
/Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 14H Jackson street. Interment pri-
vate.
WALSH— In this city, llarch* 2S." 1901, Arabella
beloved wife of the late William Walsh, lov-
ing mother of William C. George J., John
and the late May Walsh, sister of Charles
and Kdward Urown. and mother-in-law of
. Mrs. W. C. Walsh <nee Greggaina), a native
of Sydney, N.S.W., aged £6 years 3 months
- and 26 days. .
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully -invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 126 Lanuton street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, Tenth street, where- a re-
quiem hieh mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
. Interment 'Mount Calvary Cemetery. ;
AVEIUj— In this city, March 28, 1901, -Hannah,
relict of the late laldor Weill. beloved mother
of R?lne and Maier I. W«lll. and sl9ter of
L. M.. J.oo and Sol Kaiser and Mrs. -Armand
Well!, a native, of Alabama, aged 48 years 2
•months, and 28 days. (Mobile, Ala., papers
pleas* copy.) •
Ey Interment at San Luis Oblspo.- -, .
WILSON— In this city, March 27,' 1501, Marian-
Wilson, beloved wife of Herbert W. , Wilson,
a native of Kentucky, aged 34 years 2 months
-and 12 days. . . . ,. „; :
- ETFrlends and acquaintances. are respect-
- fully invited to' attend- the funeral, this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, tronv. her late -resi-
dence, ?23 Ellis Ktreet, between Polk street
nnd Van Ness avenue, where services will be
held, thence -to Third and Townsend • streets
by 11:30 -o'clock train. "Cremation Cypress.
Lawn Cemetery.
WREN— In .'- this city. . March 2S, 1901. Julia,
dearly beloved daughter of Ellen and the lata
rtartholomew -Wren, - and sister^ of .Edward.
Thomas, William, ¦ John, - Bartholomew - and
¦ . Kate Wren and Mrs. E. P. Blagrove, a na-
tive of San . Francisco. . - ¦ f ** . -
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fulfr Invited to. attend the funeral, to-morrow
¦ , (Saturday), from her' late residence,' 1271 Fol-
. som street,*, thence ¦ to ; St. ; Joseph's i Church,
where a solemn 'high mass will be served for
• the renos* of < her ¦ soul ¦ at :9 o'clock. "¦ Inter-
ment, Holy. Cross Cemetery. -'^£9BBHBBrt
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Vnt am.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
AT the old Stevenson mansion. , opp. Grace
Church, with annex 807 California St.. may
• be found a most exceptionally pood table, at-
tractive and f-lphtly rooms, at . modest . rates.
IF you are looking for a boarding place, and
like French cooking, . try 612 Geary et- You
will thoroughly enjoy yourself, 'meet- coed
people, and get the best meals In the clt;r
at moderate prices. Desirable rooms for a
limit* o number. Come and try a dinner nt
6 p. m. and you will po away happy.
SHOW carrtfs, window ticket?, pesters," DKS-
MOXD. 1170 Market, r. 103. phone Folsom 1369.
SHOW CAUDS AND POSTEllS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
O.1KLASD REAL ESTATE.The most distinguished lay figure at tho
coming general convention of the Episco
pal church will be Jacob A. Rlis, the dis
tinguished sociologist and writer, whosw*
books, entitled. "How the Other Half
Lives," "A Ten Tears*. War," and "Tha
Making of an American," have been tlm
subject, of wide comment among philan
thropists and student.*. A great meeting
ffor men exclusively will be held in Metro
politan Hall, with Professor Bils anil
Bishop Potter as speakers. *¦
Eiis Will Speak Here.
Albert Burdell and Martin Owens, young
men. were charged in Judge Cabaniss*
court yesterday with robbery and battery.
They were accused of stealing: a Japanese
com by force from Sam Moniah. a boy. on
Third street, and when Special Officer R.
D. Mahoney attempted to arrest them
they attacked him. The Judge dismissed
the charge of robbery, but- found them
guilty, on the charge of battery upon the
officer and sentenced them to serve four
months each in the County Jail.
Robbery Charge Not Proved.
The plans for cleaning Chlnato-wm under
the auspices of the State- Board of Health,
have been practically settled. Some ona
had to be named as the head man respon
sible for the expenditure of the State's
share of the money, and Governor Gage
nettlmi thl» point by appointing Dr. XV. J\
Lawlor tc boss the sanitary job.
This Is a good billet for Dr. Lawlftr. but
the supertntendency of the Uklah Hospi
tal for the Insane would be more to his
likinsr.
•The knowledge of sanitary affairs and
the general information on other topics
which Dr. Lawlor can acquire as the work
of cleaning Chinatown progresses may
prove useful to the State In the years to
come. Meanwhile Dr. Lawlor will Inspect
the labor payroljs and scan, the bills for
lime, carbolic acid and other health-pro
moting supplies.
Ex-Health Officer Will Su
perintend Cleansing
LAWLOR GIVEN
JOB BY GAGE
. :- Wedding invitations] and." visiting cards;
Orders i received in stationery S department
and promptly/executed : In the ver>* i latest
?J y n* j? a^- a a iA n l? derate ' : Prices, i Sanborn,"
Vail & Co.; 741 Market street.',. ' •
¦,-• Steamers Santa Rosa and Queen sailing
every; Sunday and \Vednesday - tor A San
Diego, 'stopping (only at- Santa^Barbari
and Los Angeles ports." Improved service,
low : rates. : Pacific Coast ; Steamship • Co ;
office .4 -New Montgomery*. street,- under
Palace Hotel. "'"lUiililJflllMllill ' : - '* •— '
Delightful Ocean Trips.
: . Professor,; Goebel, > u'cad ,' bf ; . the V German
departmeht<at j Berkeley," lectured iln tha
Young JMeh'sf Christian f Association build •
Ingyparlor8^1a.st J nIsht ! on,^AValth'er, von- do
A'OBelwelde; who was -the leading German
lyric poet;of, the middle ages;.. The works
of the .poet ; were discussed by ' Professor
Goebel > from i critical : mjd • historical points
of * vlew.vri.The » lecture \ was (Illustrated .- by
selected ' readinga from the i best worka of
Berkeley Professor ; Lectures.
Most gratifying results for the benefit of
the reading-room and .library' fund of the
Ancient Order of: Hibernians were ob
tained-at the iast St. Patrick's day,cele
bration. A Statement of : the financial af
fairs of ahe .c-lebration ~,was made last
night at a meeting of the auditing, com
mittee, held at the Youths* Directory; The
expenses - were .;¦ reported to • - have been
$92o 55 and the net receipts $S50. The mem
bers ,of the auditing 4 committee 4 present
were •William Broderick. C. J. GUdesu J.
J.^Kelleher.iJohnP. Degnan. and Colonel
T ¦ F . Barry. "Kesolutlons" congratulating
the .members of the various v committees
onthe success of the celebration from all
points of view, were unanimously adopted.
The < nroceeds will at once be applied to
the I improvement I of the I reading-room at
tached to Hlbernia Hall, on Ninth street.'
A - Financial- Success.
A jury , In 'Justice of the ' Peace ' Groez
inger'8,court gave Judgment yesterday; in
favor ': of the Southern -. Pacific * Company,
which .was sued by,, Edward ' Barty' for
J295 damages. The testlmpny showed that
the "Owl", train was traveling near Pinole
at the rate-of tlfty miles an hourwhen-it
ran down Barry, who ..was driving . a milk
waKon. and . scattered the milk j in -all . di
rections. Barry..: however. ; escaping ¦,un
hurt.. Fred: Dohrmann." Morris Ford and
F. B. : Valencia testified : that the engineer
took all necessary -precautions -by blow-
Ing his whistle: four times and: slowing up
when hereallzed Barry's danger. --- . ,
Verdict for Southern Pacific.
; Chief . of 'Police Henry Hopper^ and
Frank Virtue, prosecutor's detective, both
of.Newark.N.J.. arrived, in the city yes
terday and are, staying at the Lick. They
are,»on: their- way 'to Los Angeles with
requisition : papers signed - by Governor
Voorh-jes of New. Jersey to take back
Charles > Rowlier, who, -It is charged,
forged notes In Newark to the amount
of $125,000. The police officers stopped off
at- Sacramento. ; where - Governor * Gage
signed tho necessary documents. They will
leave for Southern - California this even
ing. • . ?..-•¦ V v \ ,
NEWARK POLICE V ABRIVE
* TO TAKE BACK FORGER
Governor Signs Papers and Charles
, Rowlier "Will \ Have to ' Face
• * His Accusers.
- The entertainment for the benefit of the
Chinese Epworth League at 916 Washing
ton street last night was attended by a
large crowd,. and each number was well
worth the hearty -applause given.' The
feature of the evening. was the presenta
tion of . the methods pursued by Chinese
scholars in their schools, under the direc
tion of the Rev. Chan i Lok Shang. The
programme was as follows: >'
Selection*, quartet- of Presbyterian, younr*
men; -instrumental solo. ¦ Miss Yoke* Ting: vocal
colo. "Wong Young: violin solo, -F. M. Wood
ward; recitation, Mamie and.: Crystal Kirn
1-fi.u; vocal solo, Herman Lowe; selections by
Chinese band : song, Bennle and . Ruby Don
One: vocal solo. Frank Lee. Oakland Mission*
•waiter sonj?.- Lucy and Annie Chan, Mamie and
Crystal Kim Lau; Chinese solo. . Wong Gay;
v&cal duct. Mrs. Walter Nge iTuen' and Miss
Yoke Ylng; song, six little .girls ofUhe home;
qirartet. Dr. J. R-': London, Samuel Yrtung
Mrs. JValter Njre ,Tuen and Mis* ¦ Yoke- Ytnit-
Indlan club drill, eix little girls of the home;
solo. Pond. Moore, Congregational ¦ Mission.
tage in Song and Bed
• tation.
Clever ¦ Little Ones Show to Advan-
CHILDBEN OF CHINESE
MISSIONS ENTERTAIN
.The warrant ¦ under . which Griffin . was
arrested ¦ was « sworn to ,by his . brother
Thomas, »¦ a .-- prominent -¦ railroad : man .of
this'.. city. "*, The statistician's mind has
been* failing ; for several months.' His
principal hallucination is that he is about
to build a $3,000,000 hotel with Interior ar
rangements .that would revolutionize the
hotel \ business. ;¦• Filled with ideas of his
duties i, with i the ("Health Board," he would
get upin the middle of, the night ; to fig
ure/out Imaginary -statistics.; v t : -
Statistician Griffin, was * at one . time an
officer In the, National Guard. He was left
a large : sum ', of \ money by his father, a
well-known^cltlzen.'but-lt^ did J not ' take
him long to spend it. as he was bf a most
liberal- and; oben-hearted disposition, no
friend \ suffering '-while ; he i had - money. ¦ : •
Griffin resided for, some time in the State
of Sonora,-' Mexico, ; and? speaks Spanish
fluently. -Ha ;;was 'married only. a^. few
months ago to an estimable lady. -
". Always * In the? first rank as an expert
accountant; when he cared to follow such
work, Griffin .proved a genius as a statis
tician. 4 He was continually enlarging and
Improving, his system, and. .had his mind
not become clouded, would perhaps have
achieved fame In that line.
The Insanity Commission had a sad
duty to perform yesterday in reebmmend
ing to the Superior Court the commit
ment of Will D. Griffin. late statistician
of the Board of Health. to aState hospital
for the insane. Griffin ' was yesterday
committed to the asylum at Agnews.
: In, the snuffing. out. of Griffin there was
extinguished a bright mental candle that
blazed for a time with great credit to the
body that appointed him. " The majority
of people who knew ; Griffin looked upon
hlm, ; simply as. a .very erratic bohemian.
who could play, the. piano beautifully and
talk flowingly.. but not deeply upon many
subjects. ; Neither they nor the general
public knew, that his medical statistics
had won for. him, or rather for the board
under : which he worked,' a \ gold medal
from , the ; Paris Exposition and special
praise from :. the Bureau of .Statistics at
>v ashington -. and . brought letters . of In
quiry and ,- commendation from various
foreign.; countries- to which .published
copies of the .San- Francisco health sta
tistics had been sent.: .¦
Unfortunate Man Is Sent to
the State -Asylum
at Agnews.
INSANITY ENDS
GRIFFIN'S WORK
¦¦'¦ Mrs. s Stuyvesant Fish.* : J/- Henry v Smith. Mn
and Mrs.- Barklle Henry. Mr. and Mm. Lanf ear
Norrie, ; Francis Underbill; Mr. and Mrs.? Will
Crocker, , Mr.; and Mrs. 4 Henry • Crocker, • Prince
and Princess Poniatowski.' Herman 'Oelrichs;
Major ' Rathbone. : the - Misses - Rutherford J and
Mr. - and < Mrs. i George /Crocker. " : . - . .
; The ¦ menu >.- Mrs. Crocker . , offered her
guests was an elaborate one. Her. chef,
whom she z brought •' with-; her-from New
York, had charge .of; the cuisine.. >
Among, those. seated at the table were:
James Henry Smith was among the first
of Mrs. 'Crocker's {rueststo arrive. - When
stripped of, his" pale :. tan overcoat and
black-derby he , "stood revealed'! In a
black .tuxedo. ' In his polished' shirt front
glistened . ; an Immense -pearl . stud, sur
rounded by briUlants:~3&i£gy3Hgg9RBffiBffig3gd|
Mrs. ' Fish was. gorgeous ; In > white lace,
spangled all-over, with silver." .
Mrs. Stuyvesant FIsb, leader of -New
York's 400; J. Henry Smith, bachelor and
fifty times a millionaire; Mr." and : Mrs.
Barklle Henry, prominent Philadelphlans;
Mr. and Mrs. Lanf ear . Norrie : of New
Yorft, 8 nd Francis Underhill, S the j crack
polo player ' of Santa; Barbara, were tho
guest3 1 of honor at a dinner given last
evening by Mr. and Mrs. George Crocker
at the old Crocker mansion on California
Although, according to ' the" hostess, it
was " supposed to be "an : unpretentious,
quiet little affair," it • certainly , was on©
of the most lavish and elegant entertain
ments of its kind. It afforded the guests
from the East a satisfying -glimpse of
what true California hospitality Is like
and gavo the guests of honor a chance to
meet a i ew ' of our . representative men.
and beautiful women. . : ; : ¦ : ;
The old Crocker mansion put on its best
dress for the pleasant occasion. The house
was illumined . from" cellar to garret, and
rooms that have been ; closed for many
years were thrown open for, the pleasure
of i Mrs. Crocker's • guests: . - Everywhere
flowers were displayed.- They filled; huge
bowls and vases,, and the- prettiest feature
of the decorations was ; the number, and
variety, of blossoms used. Iir-the" great
hall- palms and; potted, plants ; were used
exclusively," and when- the guests passed
from -the reception room -'.to* the', dining
hall they wended their way through an
avenue of growing'palms. -* . ;
-In the; dining room only - the .table re
ceived tho attention of. the. decorator, and
apple blossoms were used exclusively. In
the ; center- of the large I round | board was
placed ; a*- huge • old silver ¦ urn, ¦ which ' held
the heavily aaden : branches that formed
a most exquisite center piece. The effect
was: pimple, artistic .- and surpassingly
beautiful. . ¦<'.:<•¦'.';/ •' .- : ;-*\-;-. :\ .,¦;..¦¦ :.¦-..'
Hostess .Summons CookProm
New York to. Prepare
< Tempting Feast. ;>
MRS. FISH FETED
BY THE CROCKERS
Tr»'/rf ISSOLGAB., WAGNER, a glft
iWAl ed young San ". Francisco girl.
I WAI i.will make her ptablic debut at
A VlV the testimonial benefit to be'ten
dered Thomas H. Andrews, mas
ter mechanic of Morosco's Grand Opera
house, next Sunday evening. Miss Wag
ner Is possessed of a mezzo-soprano, voice
of great range. Sho has studied under the
direction of Miss Lotte .Slesel. She has
appeared- a number- ot.'tlmeS at private
concerts and her singing has been greaUy
appreciated. She is also an accomplished
planiste and is now' studying under the
best teachers of this city. - .¦ . -
Miss Wagner is the daughter of K. L.
Wagner, president of tie Liquor Dealers'
Association and past president of the Or
der of Eagles.
-Miss Wagner's' singing will be one of the
features of an excellent programme to be
presented on- the occasion of the benefit
•performance. The theatrical friends of
Thomas H. Andrews Iiave freely ¦ volun
teered their services. A great m4ny tick
ets nave been sold and a large attendance
is anticipated at the Grand Opera-houss
on the evening of thtj benefit. - .
TALENTED YOUNG SAN FRANCISCO SINGER WHO WILL MAKE HER
DEBUT NEXT- SUNDAY EVENING AT THE TESTIMONIAL BENEFIT
TO MASTER MECHANIC ANDREWS. ' v
Mrs. Henarie died a few -weeks ago and
petition to admit her will to probate Is on
record. Whether or not her heirs will ap
peal from : Judge Coffey's judgment re
mains to be seen. There is about $200,000
involved in the controversy and it is not
probable that the: heirs, will accept the
ludgment of the Superior Court as final.
It will hence, be years before the final dis
tribution of the estates of the decedents
will be ordered. ¦•¦• ¦'¦ '
The Instrument was. what It purported to be
on its face, a full settlement, for valuable con
siderations, of all matters in controversy In the
divorce case, which Included necessarily a com
plete adjustment of any rights she might hav*
preserved by • her deed of separation, in the
community property: it was not a mere receipt,
but was a contract for a substantial, and valid
consideration, therein expressed In pecuniary
terms relinquishing all rights, past, present
and prospective, in or to the subject matter of
the litigation: it was a final compromise of all
their differences arid a termination of their
disputes: it was so acted upon by the releasee
and it would eeem Inequitable to allow Its va.
lldlty to be new gainsaid by the releasor: the
'transaction was fair; in addition to the thou
sands of dollars passed to her" by Its terms,
there were other valuable considerations. In
cluding an implied waiver of, any right he
might have to recover the ninety-odd thou
sand dollars* worth of property ¦ transferred to
her under the contract, which she had broken
by her institution of an action for divorce,
which breach was .repaired by this release, an
instrument constituting the conclusion of the
conjugal controversy for all time. . ¦
Heirs -at law of the late Mrs. Mary A.
Henarlo will not be enriched by her ac
tion against the estate of her late hus
band, D. V. B. Henarle. In an opinion
handed . down • yesterday Judge Coffey
denies her petition for distribution to her
o* one-half of the estate of T>. V. B.
Henarie on the ground that the same was
community property. In passing on Mrs.
Henarie's claim, Judge Coffey reviews her
career and that of her husband from the
time of their marriage in December, 1854,
up to the date of the institution of the ac
tion just, decided. . •
The court finds that during their mar
ried life up to 1886 Henarie was assisted In
every way by his wife, who, In fact, gave
him sufficient money, which through great
economy she had saved, to buy the inter
est in the flrra of Martin & Co. that sub-,
sequently made him rich. In 1SS6 Mr. and
Mrs. Henarie separated, an agreement
being signed by both providing- for Mrs.
Henarie's financial welfare, and In return
she agreed not to sue him for maintenance
or divorce. Mrs. Henarie finally broke
this agreement, however, and Instituted
proceedings for divorce and half of the
community property. This case was
dropped. i however. before judgment had
been rendered. Upon the dismissal of this
action in January, 1SS7. another, agree
ment was entered into* between Mr. and
Mrs. Henarie, in which) for a considera
tion of $90,000. she agreed to surrender all
claim to any portion of his estate.
After . Henarle'8 death, however. - Mrs.
Henarie filed a petition for distribution to
her of one-half of her husband's estate.
In opposition to hen petition the agree
ment entered into in ISST.was produced.
This agreement. Judge Coffey holds. Is
valid and binding and hence the petition
for distribution is denied. Upon this
point Judge Coffey says:
Judgment Against Claim of
Capitalist's Deceased
Widnw
f f XViW TV •
HOLDS HENARIE
CONTRACT VALID
• The treaty of "the cession of Louisiana
and the treaty with Mexico and the Alas
ka treaty are' quoted as illustrations of
the takincr' in as citizens of the. United
States of the natives and citizens of ceded
and conquered territory. There Is one ex
ception, and that is the bill to provide a
government for Porto Rico. The bill as
originally introduced in Congress declared
that: all the Inhabitants of Porto Rico,
with a certain qualification and exception,
"shall bo deemed and held to be citizens
of the United States." This provision was
stricken out before the b'.ll became law.
Mr. Griggs' opinion goes on to say the
constitution of the republic of Ha
waii provided that "all persons ! born
or • naturalized in tho Hawaiian
Islands, and subject to the juris
diction of the republic are citizens there •
of." The act of April 30. 1900. providins a
government for the Territory. of Hawaii
declared that "alls oersons who were citi
zens of the republic of Hawaii on August
12. 1S3S, are hereby deciarcJ to be citizens
of the United. States and citizens of tho
Territory of Hawaii."
In response to said reference an administra
tive ruling: was returned on January 15 of, the
current year to the effect that Hawaiian borh
persons of the Chinese race having 'been made
citizens of tha republic of Hawaii, under, the
section of the act of April 30. 1900. above re
ferred are made citizens of the Territory
of Hawaii and of the United States. .Said
opinion is hereto appended for your . informa
tion. Respectfully, F. H. LABNED,
Acting: Commissioner .General.
Historical Precedents.
The questions determined by the opinion
of Attorney General Grig&s referred to
are as follows: *
I— Whether a person born, in the Ha
waiian Islands .in 1S83 of Chinese parents
who are laborer?, and taken to China with
his mother in 1890.." is-, entitled to re-enter
the Territory of Hawaii, where his father
still reahJes? . '
2— Whether the wife and children ot a
Chinese person, who was naturalized in
1887 in Hawaii and still resides there, are
entitled to enter that Territory "by virtue
of the citizenship" of tho husband and
father?
This Issue has heretofore been raised by the
Collector of Customs at the port of Honolulu.
H. T., and. In the absence of any judicial
ruling: thereon, was referred to the honorabla
the Attorney General of the United States. " i
The following reply arrived by. mail yes
terday morningr, dated Washington,
March 23: * .
The bureau acknowledges the receipt of your
letter of 15th Inst. propounding a qu-stlon of
law In connection with your action In
refusing permlnslon to • land . at your
port to two Chinese sailors who asserted that
they w«re native born Hawaiian citizens. In
the particular case referred to you state that
their application was refused upon the ground
that they did not present sufficient proof of
the facts alleged by them In support of their
claim, but that had such facts been clearly
shown, while not clear upon the point, you
are rather inclint-d tr the belief that such per
sons, whether laborers or not, cannot be ad
mitted Into the United States under the pro
visions of section 4 of the act of Conrress. ;
approved April 30, 1900, which prescribes a
form of sovernment* for the Territory of Ha
waii.
Commissioner's Opinion.
The oplnfon was called forth by Col
lector Stratton's action in the matter of
the application of two Chinese sailors oft
the ship John Currier for admission to the
United States, on the ground that thty
were natives of the Hawaiian Islands.
They failed to establish their claim to the
satisfaction of the Collector, and they
were denied a landing. In his report to
the Secretary, of the Treasury, Collector
Stratton stated that r even if the appli
cants had proved that- they .were natives
of Hawaii he would r.ot have allowed
them to land, they being of the Chinese
race. He asked whether in such a con
tingency' the department would sustain
his action. ,
Port Collector Btratton received an of
ficial communication yesterday from the
Immigration Bureau -at Washington to
the effect that all the native and natural
ized citizens of the Hawaiian Islands. Ir
respective of race, color or previous con
dition of servitude, are citizens of the
United States, and that the wives and
children of such, aJthouch aliens, become
citizens and acquire the political status of
the father, and the right to visit and re
side In the United States, exclusion, acts
and Immigration laws to the contrary
notwithstanding.
Immipation Bureau Makes
the Ruling in a, Case
at Issue.
Hawaiian Citizens ol
Any Race Cannot
Be Kept Out.
REMOVES BAR.
TO MONGOLIAN
- A XlJj ,- ClxV.-I^i ' - J3: tv.^VJ3i v>XOv/ v , v> vy^^Ajx-rf^'. > Jj K\ M I " J^- * » 9 .*-:>*JjX'^jL'Jttv>il.Vj-'««^*"' i^ ; '-iy w
WILL MAKE HER DEBUT
AT A WORTHY BENEFIT
Miss Olga B. Wagner Will/Singi at the Grand
Ojjjera-Hoiise Next -Sunday Night.
12
ADVERTISEiyiENTS.
DR.MCNULTY:
q^HrSWKUL-KXOWNAKDBKLIABLE OLD
.1 .SD^dalist^irrjCloort Poison. Oonorrhoon.Glr^t.
Mtrlctur.-. s-.-nihial VVra^nesn. Irapolf nee anU their
alllert Disorders. Roolc on Dise:ises of Men, frf <?.
Orpra.rpnrs>xpcr'«nce.T'rni«r^av>nab!o. Hoari"
3to3daily;8:30to8.a0pv t j: < «. Snndar^.iaio 12. Con-.rl-
t_tlon free and sacredly con:!deotiaL Call Oi-a/iirtsa
JP. KOSCOE MrXCLTY, M.D. .
ZOii Kearnyat., San Francisco, Cs:-
ADVEB.TISEMZKT3.
Id. davis &ca,
Corner Geary St and Grant Ave.
CuSlv r It d L
¦"' '•"• '¦' *3&Z2nsr A nd where it can best be purchased
*£S*^^iS$l ' • : • is perhaps the question of the hour —
©^^T^^Bf^J^'-'" 1 '-.-^. and C2 * be most satisfactorily rcplie-J
v^f^^^iXS'"- "?•¦"¦• *s?--*'* ' • to ' 1=re - To be ' convinced — come
ffi^jjf^i^jiisln"'" "¦£'* ¦*fl* r * an^ see t^ ie P°P u ' ar priced collection
jspjBftf$5i|BfSa <^f~rJ*? ! ?^ C i we've prepared for Friday and Sat-
L^5^3>i) urday's Easter millinery seekers.
*^ffi>^Tr'* v l^\ "Vj "\ '^' s " n unrivaled assortment such as
: jj^^^g-^T^ you'n not find elsewhere, and will
•-2&P? )*^£f£!&yy^'>? readi'y demonstrate why your sebc-
' .tion can be best made here and why
•J^ffl? 1^) this '-' the busiest millinery store in
/' ¦ an F ranc ' sco - Your choice from
£*sffitt'*ty'' [ some 200 styles on Friday and Sat-
,^^p v i iydJiUU 800 ubiUU
Stylish Box Goats Taffeta Silk Skirts
. Priced $8.50. Priced Special $12.50.
: One of spring's most, popular There are several styles, collec-
styles; elegant light-weight kcrse/ tively spoken of . here— all are of
garment, full lined with Skinner'? heavy taffeta silk, variously finished;
satin; have the modified back, vel- some attractively tailor stitched,
vet' collar -and velvet finished flare others of open work embroidery on
cuffs; colors tan. castor, navy, red net and chiffon ruffles. Values uo to
and black. PRICED 98.50. $20.00. Friday and. Saturday SPE-
CIAL at $12.5O.
New Eton Jackets h Basement Salesroom
.. Priced $7.5O. Added items . of intercst wil Ube.
They're the jaunty short style; fine found for Friday and Saturday,
kersey .cloth; full satin lined: have Child's warm sleeping jzarmerti
velvet •collar and velvet finished 2."»c. 50c flannelette petticoats for
flare cuffs; come in black, tan and 25c Pretty dressing iackcts 50c.
castor.' new and stylish. PRICED Mercerized petticoats O5c. 'Fancy
$7.5O. . . • silk si.ike-end tics 23c.
These are the two our advertisements are always aoZ-
dressed ta—anpreciators of Supreme Values.. ¦
Four towering values, that tower above anything
ever offered in our great city.
Four towering values, representing the Spiciest,
Snanpirst. Smartest Spring Fashions for Juveniles.
© •K-rvvv M H"I"!*H''H'fr'MW
/J - e ou^ bt to say one of the
! fi[} 0^E~**^$£Q four hiutdred, the styles are
$vy£g$j [£pxg3|| F so tart and pretty. That Suit
'.V fe^^^Z / pictured opposite in ' fancy
i\^s^^^^^^^^r / Scotches, silk faced, admiring-
\Ws^^^^^Sf r±y^ ty handsome patterns to select
: t?T t& from, for chaps between the
Prksfc^ I!!!* : jt*7fjf (• Hwt * ages of J(, and 9 years. You,
ifw\] lUf ' i§f ' 'jftT/ i fo nve nwer seen better Suits at
"*•'" ' l--"5 $£**$i — an d what a, collection, of
ftSifi* w3 jfijgj *y*irS% beautifu, 7 ' things to select from I
V*Wa'> If !gw f Zr Friday and Saturday these at
Confirnred Leaders on Confirmation Outfits.
(S l ¦^'l''^'^'^'I"^'^'*"^'X"I"I"I"^*l"^^l^^ > l*'l" 9
Thi* is another one of the /PiS&te ¦ ¦¦ : "^H^:|^^^
four, for chap? between the /^^^'¦'¦]-'-'-'-' : * ''¦ ''-^^\ h\^
ages of S and Jo. The hand- I !£§$%£ : 7.': : :!li! :J 'f 'ill
somest, brightest, prettiest I *^^^ttfi::::I:: ''¦% |;[J!r, 7
tScoich^s you have ever laid L^^^^^^^g^^^^i-Jis>^4 •
your eyes upon. The tailoring, jC ,\ y^^^^f^^C"^?^
trimm ing and general snappi- %^J^mS^WltOM
n*s, of ih.se suits commend r^^^Sl^mk^f^
them to every one that's been in \
the habit of paying §0 for a, ' \ '" tiMS&ti&nSSSfjPSffi ar 111
Kiiit. and thry're all bright, y-
spanking. 7iew Spring color- * 5Kr=^
ings. Your pick of these at \Sr5^T <S'-'4S-4
• ¦m 1 1 : ¦!¦¦:¦': i n i .;:.2-.i..i..:..:..i..i..i 1 1 1- -i--i»s .i-i-i-i-i-x-i-i •:••: ¦i.-i-i-M-i-i-i-M-Lf
All the Smart Easter Fashions
Are Now Being Shown by Us.
O-H"K"I":"I"H"!"M";"K"I»K"M
'^^fflrah Another!
P^V^ 1 Another whirl at some of
those handsome ' SaV ors that
v\ /rfS&zSS- $&Jl\ y° losce pictured opposite, in all
X \^ilr&r^'' r Air^i ie nPXO s P rln -$ colorings— Ox-
SWA^Wrklll W^W ford grays, pearl, grays", pretty
y^rrfMJ^sSnf IS \?^J mix'ures ; sornz blues among
4^vV\«^!LjiuA 1 «V l fl Mi ifefcHc* 'em, Jvdndsomely treated :ou<fht
X^^^mn BI WifJ i0 he $*¦' I/s a shanvs to mirk
t / ff>in tJli * price. Ail of 'em
U : \ g?, v, -/V^^^V^^J./ should be more than S^, Any
&''¦¦ . s v Ages 3 to 10 Years. ¦
• •H-H-H-H'1 1 1 ill M'I'I'-H-I-H-H"1-1"1"M'-I-M-I-M"! 1 1 mi lvH"M"I-# '
Some Dainty Ideas in Children's Straw Hats.
o-m 1 1 1 i-i"i";"i"i"i"i"i":-:"i-i"i"Z"i"i"X-i"i"i"i"i">';-:"i"2 r: I'I-i-i-i-'K-i-i-i-H'W'^
nllU Hlluilluli >rVT^^^Z\
Me feels as big and proud as /jj' /\
papa ichen he's in a suit like 1$'/. /tf0€Wyf^fp ; '* v»i^A
the one we picture opposite, in tf\ /mm r% Mw s f$ft-&£i!$ii
beautiful spring colorings; thr. ¦ j /MAm. \ Mif S C& \&i % \^V
proper weights for spring, and j|! \ll'ill'M j * I'Kll i j^&^
the correct colorings. il'^lV'-^W^iJ' 'lilll' f^Hv
These are for chins that like \, 'v \^^^^lF \\ W4SSS*!8r
to dr°ss in a m> innish fishion. '(\\ \^^^!nmim^^\lr^^S
for those between the ages of 9 tv-JWIfflHli- /¦ '
and IJf. year 3, and. they look : WMin llvm 1 • f
real cure, in these suits; the Vest \&^ v\Mi\y\^iw \ /
is double breasted, and they're <M~M&J\\ l w W I \$JR^*S \
We claim these to be other rf-^^P SB Ba^^^^HBr /
stores' So suits, and all we ask V^s*-»l illiiKv«L /
G<irHri-i-i I I M I I : !¦ M"2 I 1 I"I I I I I i I 1- M-M-M-I ¦;¦"¦! Ill l-l Mill 11-1-9
By all means -Mt^tk\\d\Jld/ /£ SomeNovel Fea-
m nnr Fadpr 1 l W//,/fr tures in Blouses
Hat Pachinn? *«t* &ff MMff#&&£¥tzA and Waists -for
£«. I !UI* im»*~^ LllllC UllaUOi CO"
nV- f PeciallytheRus-
UHdpS &> & 4&K KC4RNY5I tW$?*)£
WE JUST LOVE TO FILL MAIL ORDERS.
SPECIAL
DISCOUNT
SALE
For a few days only, comraendns
March 30. Must make room for
our new goods. ~. We will give 23
psr cent discount for Cash on
BEDROOM' SUITS, CHIFFON-
IERS, SIDEBOARDS, EX-
TENSION TABLES and FOLD-
ING BEDS.
This sale is one seldom offered.
Our goods are all up-to-date de-
signs and our prices are always
low. Now is your opportunity to
save money and get acquainted
with the
The Money-Saving
Furniture and Carpet
house; .
This sale will continue only
'until we have disposed of sufficient
goods to make room for our new
stock.
KRA6EN FURNITURE GO.,
1015-1017 Market St. \
.-'• ' Opposite Tay'of.
ADVEBTI&iaiENTa.