all so very jolly that they did not notice
how the wind was swirling- the clouds
down from the mountains until everything
began to darken arcund them. Then there
was a hurrying. Mamie took the helm
again while Kay shortened sail and tli*.n
rushed below to stew things which might
carry av.-ay when the sea rose.
By the time he had fin'shed th!s th?
wind had Increased so that Mamie was
braced with all her strength to keep the
helm up, and the boat was tearing
through the water, throwing spray clear
back to the companionway as she butted
against the head seas. Ray brought up
an overcoat for Mamie and an oilskin
sou'wester that became" her more than
any spring hat she had ever worn. At
least it seemed so to him as he tied the
strings under her chin, that was tipped
up so childishly to the touch of his strong
hands. Before long there was work
enough for both of them, for It is no easy
task to keep a little short chunky vessel
headed anywhere within four points of
where she ought to be, when there is a
choppy sea and a flawy wind.
The darkness came on imperceptibly,
the coast outline disappearing bit by bit
and the shore lights taking its place, cut
out now and then by the lowering clouda.
Ray went below and lit the little bin
nacle light that shone blood-red on the
compass card, its. ruby light not in the
least blinding their eyes to the darkness
abouti
of his tail j might ieach then* Then he
would drop astern, and as they 'thought
he .was"' leaving them, he would suddenly
rush" ahead "arid " aca'in "diver t ' them "from
their -course. " • " ~ v . / ¦
.At last the whale tired of teasing, and
when he had left. them -i..e storm alone
did not Seem /so threatening. -As- dawn
cane on the wind decreased, j and, the
increasing light .making it safe for them
to run close to shore, -they, found a beau
tifully sheltered anchorage in a little in
let, or bight,". ¦''With- -wooded shores that
overhung the water. They were now
across the British line. The storm 'was
gone, they were^ safe from irate parents.
The world was theirs, and they were each
others and alone. .. ;
.The anchor was dropped, the 'sails low
ered, and soon the blue smoke of Mhe
galley fire was curling iazily around' the
mast befcre, floating away through the
tired. atmosphere that sagged listlessly In
its rest after' the wild storm o'f the. night
before!. No less delightful than'.the scen
ery was the sizzling sound that came from
good things' on the galley stove below.
. .Breakfast over, the young pair, exhaust
ed- with their long ; struggle' against ;¦ the
storm/; slept the entire day. j
.The experience of the storm had shown
them that their boat was" seaworthy.- and '
to be relied upon in; their long joiirnew
from' civilization upon which they were,
starting.
Not till then had they realized what is
and always has been the. dream of lowers.
They were alone in the world. Around
thorn was the blac<c night.' All the" World;
anil sky was black except that little rod
lighted compass card with its white face
lined 'with the thirty-two black points of
the comnass. Just enough of its rays ;
shone upen them to assure each that the
other wa-s still there. The storm might
do, do. might do its worst. They were
together and - they were' happy. . Ray
knew the Waters of the sound as he knew
the way through his own house, and the.
yacht while small was as seaworthy as
a^lifebcat.
The evening wore on, the beat clashing
from wave to wave, splashing and roar
ing enouch to deaden all "sounds, until
suddenly-there came from in front- of
them a hearse blowing ntrtse as of a
steamboat's escape pipe.
"A whale," said Ray, and changed the
course of the boat. to avoid its apparent
direction. Before they had . sailed long,':
again came the noise, still ahead of them.
and in a new direction. Again he 'changed
the boat's course, and then' It seemed ,a3
though the whale had deliberately start-'
ed in to tease - them, first on the- port'
bow, then on the starboard; then, just
to make them think- they were "safe, he
would drop back and they would' hear' his'
blowing close on their quarter;^ close
enough " to make them think that a blow.:
The first storm. was followed. by others.
In aU of them Mamie took her"_ turn at
the helm with her husband, strong and
Brave to face the flying snray.
* More storms followed, but by this time
they were w'ell into 'the inland passage,
and little harbors were to.be found when
ever shelter was -wanted. The days were
lengthening .with the increased/ northins
which they were making, and- days and
nights both they sailed, one keeping the
boat on tier 'course while the other slept.
For aboat as small as theirs there was
little choice as to which channel ' should
be' taken, and in most of the parts of the
way ,-' there -were two or three courses
open. Fish, halibut especially, were plen
tiful, and. like all Alaskans, they ate fish
untii surfeited with the delicious, firm
rr.eated specimens that they pulled out ev
ery day with their hooks and lines while
trolling as the boat. sr.iied. slowly. .
"Provisions were running shorty- and 1 it
was necessary' to^supplement the. stock
they. had. with, sornethlng'else besides the
monotonous fish'.'
Mamie Isuggested that they could dig
...-/¦ | s ¦ ¦ ¦ • <.'¦:' \ . ' '
clams. . : f Y.; . . •.' \- >
That was gTeat fun, too. Gol^g ashore
when the^tide was low they. could In a
few ; minutes secure . enough of, the rich,
succulent shellfish/to last them all day.
At .! one place where • they .. had ,' gone
ashore on an island for fresh water Ray
*aw the ' track : of j a deer. Thinking : the
plact! A'as so small that he could not miss
finding it, he split off a bunch of fagots
from a pitch-pine log, and, waiting until
it got as near dark as the northern lati
tudes approach in- midsummer, he start
ed with his rifle to secure the. game.
Lighting one of the splints of pitch pine
he began carefully beating his way
through the woods, always going to wind
ward and trusting to the curiosity of the
deer to bring it out of Its hiding place to
see what, manner of thing a moving light
was. . ,
Eefore he had been gone long he was
rewarded by seeing '.a pair of 'blazing
globes— the eyes of the* deer reflecting the
light— which blinked and shook as the im
patient deer silently, tossed its
Carefully setting his light behind him,
where : It would not blind his sight, he
aimed at the lurid circles and fortunately
brought down the deer, which proved to
be in fairly eood condition for the early
season.
-This gave them an agreeable variety,
and with .the ever-plentiful fish enabled
them to eet through to Pyramid harbor.
Here, lost to the world for the whole
summer, they, honeymooned " to their
hearts' content. At times the diet Was"
clams and nothing else.
Ray was prospecting, and as his wife
could not follow on his hard trips he built
a shelter for her on the beach, and tak
ing the little yacht would sail away across
the harbor and be gone for a week at a
time. - >«":?;
Successful in love, he failed In his
search for cold.
'The relatives of both at home had long:
given them up for "dead, as they found by
newspaper reports which reached them.
' The cold of the Arctic winter was ap
proaching before they began «their home
ward journey. This wa3 forced upon
them by the fact that they had no money,
and there was no alternative. They could
net live on love alone, though it had been
a good part of their diet through the sum
mer.
j The voyage homeward -was tedious and
uninteresting, as are all retracements.
Storm succeeded storm, but they were
only " natural storms and not the matri
monial kind, which are th» worst to ba
feared. •
They, were bashful about returning to
gether,' so when they arrived at Victoria
Kay sent his wife home to her grand
mother by steamer and let her clear tho
coast, as 'it were. .
When people have been mourned as
dead their relatives are not going to think
about the' past in the joy of their return.
' There vras rejoicing on the arrival of the
bride, and now the two are settling 1 down
in a little cottage in Seattle to "live hap- J
pily ever after." ¦ , ¦:
London covers 73,000 acres, Leeds Is next
with 21,000 and Sheffield third with 9(50.
If we" two cou'd be transported
Far beyond the Northern Sea.
«^T Nlj they were. That is what makes
f I the story.
I j A runaway girl; a hurried mar-
X riage; a yacht; a thousand-mile
sail away to the north, through
the myriad islands of the inland sea.
which winds its many channels from Pu
get Sound to Alaska.
That was an elopement worth reading
about.
Ray Ovijatt of Seattle was a sailor bey.
19 years old. and the lass that loved a
sailor was lS-year-old Mamie Gridell. who
lived dcw;n by the bay wtih her grand
mother.
Bay was beardless and brown, with
lithe form and lauching face. As he
sailed in his boat on the bay Mamie's blue
eyes watched him with ever ( increasing
emotions as lie departed each time from
her view.;
Later orrthey niefand sailed together:
Kay taught Mamie to steer and bow to let
BO the jib sheets incoming about while
he was forward attending to the anchor.
Then when sailing out on the sound he
gave her instructions in all the arts of
sailor craft— how to luff quickly and ease
off the sheets when struck by a flaw from
the mountains, and how to jibe without
cracking the main boom or her own head
— until at" last she could stand her watch
alone with self-reliance.
Venus was sea-born, the Greeks said,
and still she rises from the sea when man
and maid appear. Puget Sound is net less
beautiful, than the Ionian £ea, and Venus
is not the goddess cf the Greeks only. She
cast her witchery over the two who sailed
on the summer days, and then came an
tngagement and the storm at home when
it was announced.
Ray's parents rased. His father used
language; his mother tears.
Mamie's grandmather said not much.
Only that "Mamie was all she had.
Ray was undtr age and needed his pa
rents' consent. Bi-t the spell of Venus
¦was over them and love will find a way.
There is one thing that a girl will do. She
may be weak and vacillating in every
thing: else 1 , but when once she gets the
Idea of marriage into her head it is there
to stav. •
One clay when they were out on the bay:
" *Mf m-e could only Eiiil on forever like
this." said one.
"Why not?" said the other.
"Why not?" said both.
The next thins was to prepare. Mam!e
began by packing her trunk a little at a
time in a hiding place which Ray had
found for her. Piece by piece she trans
ported the bits of her wardrobe that was^
to be her trousseau.
He at the same time commenced laying
in a Ftore o* provisions.
It was the most fun in the world, and no
one knew a thin:: about it but^the two.
"When Ray added a sack of flour Mamie
would show him a pillowcase that she
had made. Then she would turn red and.
think perhaps she should not have shown
It, and then they would both laugh. When
It came to buying the coffee Ray had to
ask her what kind she liked, for they
¦were both live, healthy people and drank
coffee instead of bran tea boiled bard for
fifteen minutes.
Then they both laughed aga,in, for Ma
mie had never had any one ask her what
kind of coffee they should buy, and she
didn't know and Ray did not either.
At last the time came when the pro
visions were all stored In the secret hid
ing place.. The little trousseau that Ma
mie had together, made and
pieced out. was all ready, and then one
day Ray £ot a friend to go with him to
the Courthouse and help him Bet ihe mar
riage license. He could not have asked
for It himself.
It's funny how hard it Is to say seme
things without giggling and looking green,
and the idea of having to ask a fat politi
cal clerk for license to marry a girl whom
he never caw was too much for the would
be groom,. The license obtained, there
•was a wait until one auspicious evening,
when the. young; couple went out fcr a
to whoever was below to come up and see
something or do something, for it wotifd
be awfully lonesome fcr them if they
didn't. There was real danger, too. to be
apprehended -every _time a launch or
steamer appeared to be coming aftt-r
them, for there was no telling who might
be in the beats or what their intentions
were. And. besides, it was so much more
fun to thirk that they were being pursued
even if it was unlikely that their abrf'en-:e
would-be so soon noted. The first rr.e'il
was eaten sitt'ns out in the cockpit. Ma
mie served it all on a tray and sat with
it on her, knees, while Ray steered v,-iih
one hard and ate with the other. It v.-.ia
And, of course, it goes without saying
that whoever was at the helm could not
leave it and so they would have" to call
It was a happy, busy, nervous time for
them. Mamie steered while Ray stoweJ
the anchor and made things snug for
ward. Then, after he had adjusted the
heavier boxes and thirgs in the cabin,
. he took the helm and Mamie started m
on the first of her housekeeping dutios.
tucking and tidying things up in tne
cabin, giving those little touches and
twists and peses to objects as only a
woman can, and entirely destroying In a
few minutes that ogre's castle appearance
which a man's arrangement of a dwelling
Invariably gives.
Then :t was Ray's turn again to go and
build the galley fire so that Mamie could
cock their dinner.
"Down the sound the voyp.sre was un
eventful." said Ray Oviatt in describing
the beginning of his journey, which shuivs
how the greatest event of a man's life
may fail to impress him with its signifi
cance.
So. less fearing stormy seas than
stormy people, they started on their long
climb up the meridians to the land where
at midnight they could peep over the top
cf the world and see the sun on the other
Fide. - i ¦ ¦• V.. -..":.¦ •¦ £&§ . •• •--¦¦:-
Vl-re Ray was young i he had st-en
stcrins en the sea and he had a!?o seen
parental storms at home, and he know
that nature In her wildest moods was
soon calmed down, while parental wrath
wculd grow fiercer as time rolled on.
Kverythir.p was now ready and, taking
the first favorable opportunity, they
stowed their provisions and clothing en
the little yacht' Ultra and started, and
on as strange and adventurous a runaway
wedi-rg trip a.i ever two mortals had. •
walk, s? they ha-J often done before. Only
this time there were two who went out
aid but one came back, if there is truth
in the slaU-mer.t that marriage makes
them one.
ONE THOUSAND
MILES IN A TINY SLOOP
FOR A BRIDAL TOURGERONIMO IS TURNING "GOOD INDIAN" IN HIS OLD AGE.
T..THOUGH by no means a dead
/Lj\ Indian or likely to be one for a
II plong time to come from all appear
ances,, Geronimo, the famous war
rior, is a good Indian nowadays. Not
from choice, however, for it bores him
extremely. The reason he is good Is that,
as a prisoner of war at Fort Sill, Okla
homa, he has to be. He who was once
the meanest and most bloodthirsty In
dian chief that ever fought the Govern
ment, now leads a quiet and peaceful life
that is in striking contrast to the old
days. In fact he is rather proud of it.
In moments of confidence he admits that
he wouid like to do it all over again. One
of the things over which he gloats is that
he personally has killed ten whites in a
single battle. It is also a matter of pride
to his old age that he has led forays
wherein as many as DOO palefaces were
slaughtered. He has a deep-set, 6red-in
the-bone taste for murder. . .
Such is Geronimo's English that it is
well to hire an interpreter if one desires
to get an intelligent talk out of him. Also
it is necessary to hire Geronimo. He does
not talk for nothing, a fact of which the
writer was apprised immediately upon
questioning him. A dollar bill loosened
his tongue, but to the first question asked
how he liked his present position, he gave
answers rather difficult - to reconcile.
•First, he liked the place. Then he said
that the soldiers treated him badly. As
a corollary, he added that he wished to
die. In the subsequent conversation his
allegations^of ill-treatment and his pin
ing for death cropped out with suspicious
frequency. It is said by the officers that
he repeats this to all white visitors,
whereby -their pity is aroused and ¦ they
buy his beadwork and trinkets at an ad
vance over, the market rates.
Apparently the old chief has t p easy
and pleasant life. The officers at the fort
treat him with kindness and consideration,
allowing him all the privileges possible
under the rules governing the conduct of
prisoners of war. His position is peculiar
in this respect, that although. a prisoner
he is also a paid employe of the.Govern
ment. He draws $35 per month as a
scout, though he is not permitted to carry
a loaded gun; -' He has no work to do and
spends most of his time making bead
work arid other fancy articles to sell white
visitors. ; ...
Out of this trade, the soldiers think, he
makes no less than $2000 a year.I <When
asked if he had any money laid by for "a
rainy day,, he replied in his guttural
lish: • ' , . . . .
"Me no save money.-' Me spend it for
Eva. squaws and heap gladness. Me like
to have gladness and see fun." .;
Eva is his favorite - daughter. . By
squaws he means his wjves. In the In
dian ' vernacular gladness is synonymous
¦with gambling, and a great deal | of the
old man's money goes into the gameand
never comes out againi He is a very poor
gambler/so far as winning goes." but he
plays with that unfailing courage which,
when coupled with* skill, makes the most
successful gamesters. .
He is , a reckless better and runs a ,
strong bluff. He never hesitates about a
bet and if you raise him' he will look you
straight in the eyes and if he thinks you
are bluffling wili raise you a "stiff -sum.
One can never read' by his face whether
or not "he has a good hand. But' the
weakness of his, poker game is that he
almcst Invariably overbids his hand.
Poker and monte are his favorite games
and, the Geronimo tepee is the scene of
many highly exciting sittings. Soldiers
an'd cowboys often sit in the games with:
the Indians.
One curioiis trait of the old chief is that
when he makes a big, winning at cards or
has .a large 'sale of trinkets he ". gives the .
proceeds to the little children in camp to
spend for school books." Much of his
money goes to his favorite daughter, Eva,
and his favorite squaw,,, Ketona.. The.
daughter,; of Ketona gets little love from
her father. This is because she married
a white man) and what wa.s still worse in'
the eyes of the father— a cowboy.
. Geronimois said to be SO. : He does not :
know his age. > He was with Victoria when
that' chief tain went against the Mexicans !
later he developed into : a leader him
self. He Is , a ; born • leader of redskins for,
the reason that he is not only a fighting :
man,' >but ; also a medicine : raan, Jand it.,
takes a 1 man 'who 7 can i talk l[ with unseen'
beings to. make a* really deep impression
on- the Indian.
Geronimo is small in stature, possessed
of a keen face and a piercing eye. : The
blue in his eye is of that peculiar steely
color that arouses unpleasant sensations
in the mind. His face is wrinkled and his
hands are small and rough. His color is
a dark red. " Geronimo smokes cisarettes
these days and would drink firewater had
he the privilege. He has six wives, buj
lives witlr none ; of them. His favorite
daughter, Eva, lives with him when she
is at home. He gives her sufficient money
to send her to an Eastern school eight
months in the year.
Geronimo does no work; that is, such as
raising a'' crop, of corn or ; millet.- He gets
rent-free a two-room house to live in,
but he keeps his ponies therein and re
sides in a tepee. All of the Apaches who
are j held as j war prisoners j live I in tents
and keep their horses', in the houses fur
nished to them... The Apache village is on
an open plain, in sight of Fort Sill. In
summer, the , tepees catch all of the dust
and in"' winter the snow flurries into the
doors. It would not be a white man's no
tion of comfort, but the Indians like it.
7 A" few. weeks ago Geronimo's* daughter
Eva was- taken'' ill with some 'skin"dis
ease and was- placed' at the Government
hospital at' the 1 fort.' A ¦ larsre boll ap
peared; on her i neck., Geronimo told ¦ the
white, physician in - charge j that It ; should
be opened. : ; The white medicine man told
Geronimo that it should not. .When the
doctor was hot watching the ,' old iwarrlor
pulled out a jackknife and oDened the
sore. The . soldiers placed him in the
guardhouse for three days, but the girl
improved daily, thereafter. Among tho
Apaches Geronlmo is called an excellent
doctor and they will have no other. ;
While little in sympathy with modern
civilization the o!d chief appreciates one
of its inventions, the camera. He charges
$5 for his picture.
He always looks his toughest In his
pictures. He likes to strike an attitude
of devilish ferocity when being photo
graphed. The older he grows the greater
is his desire to r make a fiendish appear
ance. Five years ago. when, he first came
to Fort Sill, he was content to wear white
men's clothes and, consented to have
himself photographed wearing them. Now
when he poses he look:? like the oid-tiras
redskin of the Apache tribe. This is be
cause he sees that -his war clothes at
tract more attention from white visitors.
He does his best to give them their
money's worth and to live up to their ex
pectations. ' •
In talking abouthis war experience h»
spoke in the Apache language to this ef
fect: .-¦¦.."• ¦•¦;"
"I do not know how many white men I
have 'killed. -They, must be hundreds. I
have killed many. women, too. But*I never
killed a white baby.. 1 like children. I will
fight some more some- day. I am good
for five years more on the battlefield. I
.will: get out of this some day and then
will'- go back , to Arizona and kill soms of
my enemies.','— New York Sun. .
"Has he? Well! we've all been accused
of something we didn't mean, I suppose.
I consider that poor Oscar Wilde, gitilty
"I don't know them. The dramatist, as
the novelist, should look at life and tell
about it as it is. Plnero's plays are the
result of thinking about society, looking
society straight in the eye."
"And yet, Plnero has been accused of
writing decadent drama!"
" 'L'Aiglon' Is made up of the lumber of
Bonapartlsm. The play is pucrilizcd by
the puerility of the protagonist; rather
tall worda, but they express my meaning.
I consider that melodrama is inferior art."
- "Would you call Sardou's* playa litera
ture?";
"And what of 'L'Alslon'?"
"Why not? It is done In books, and
books are the result of some head work.
We find true morality by thinking about
conduct. If Rostand had thought mere,
extended his research of Cyrano's char
acter to rock bottom depths he would have
altered his play."
"One should look at the moral of a
play?"
and wretched as the man was, was a
great mind in literature."
"He will never be forgotten in litera
ture." '-;
"He should not be. He was a great
dramatist, a brilliant genius, and I am
glad to be one to say it of him, now
that he Is dead and gone. We cannot
afford to belittle men who have made us
think, no matter how they dishonor them
selves. ¦ -
"There is too much sentimentality in
the position of the public, to-day; people
used to go to the theater for the thought
there was in a play; ,they don't do so
now. Up to the time of the unquestioned
. success of the novel the stage was a suc
cess artistically."
"You champion the original play?"
. "I do, most positively: Sometimes a
play will be named from a general idea
given by another writer, just as Charles
Reade wrote his. play called 'Dora,' taken
from Tennyson's poem of the same name;
there is an example of a man being
moved by some one else's impression, but
I believe that the play is one branch of
"The story does not exist until it Is
told. The actual life of a story is in the
telling of it. You may start with a gen-
"I don't believe many fail absolutely,
notwithstanding the number of people
writing In the dark, as It were. I think
most good novels get into print eventu
ally- You can always find some one who
will -listen 'to. a 'story; -it is the way the
world repeats itself."
"Should a story be completely worked
out before it is written?"
- "Nearly all. Bight out of twelve books
w-e accepted were by authors who had
never been published before."
"Is there much good fiction written that
falls to get published?"
"In selecting eight American novels for
publication *by Messrs: Harper their read
ers turned over nearly, three hundred
manuscripts, nearly all of them promis
ing, but not quite up to the mark for our
purpose." . ?!
"All these by unknown authors?"
literature, a gift apart and independent of
the) novel."
'*ln the American novel profuse in pro
duction?"
"You have said nothing about ideals,**
I ventured, curious to know what Mr.
Howells' tendency in future fiction might
be.
"There is an interesting effort In realls
*tic fiction Just now," he said, slowly scan
ning his thought for suitable expression.
"The realism of action?" ['•' .^ .: \
• "A realism that takes in the whole of
human life, and the- actual tendency of
realism when faithfully, arduously stu
died, is toward a form of writing that, is
considered least real— I mean psychology
The fault with many students of realism
is that they have applied to their method
too much to the nature of the material."
"The psychologic has a tendency to bor
der xjpon a critical view of life, has it
not?'/ *
"Criticism, as I said before, in this
country, at least. Is the voice of the pop
ulace, and the student's criticism Is no
greater authority than the opinion of the
reader or the theater goer. I don't think
that the dramatic criticisms of New' York
papers, for instance, have any influence
at a!!. The newspapers do that work too
quickly, and the articles help neither the
playwright nor the actor. The Influence,
for instance of flippant criticisms is abom
inable to any art, and frequently brutal
toward actors and actresses."
"Can the critics make a play?"
: "No. The critics cannot make a play.
but they can do worse; they can often kill
it outright."
As I said before, while there is a pre
dominant spirit of tenderness in him, Wil
liam Dean Howells Is an . American at
heart, whose convictions ' spring a
vigor of sentiment that is always "Sans
peur et sans reproche," PENDENNIS. „
As to Ideals.
"I am glad you mentioned that. I was
always very fond of that book. Perhaps
Its title, 'The Quality o* Mercy.' waa the
suggestion completely expressed. I was
moved by the pathos of such, a ease and
there happened to be a number of biff
defalcations at that time, which enhanced
ray interest. There was a peculiar statis
tical revelation came to me in writing that
book,' I sent to a clipping: bureau for clip
pings all over the country about defalca
tions and embezzlements and I discovered
that the average occurrence of this crime
in the United States was one a day. The
fate of the defaulter was always one of
three ends. He compromised with his
creditors or committed suicide or went to
Canada. There was scarcely any variation
of these closing scenes to each tragedy."
"If I remember rightly 'The Modern
Instance' came to me from seeinar Janau
schek in a play founded on Euripides and
Medea. I said to myself, "Why, this is an
Indiana divorce case,' and the novel was
the result. I called the book originally
'The New Medea.' Then cams 'Silas Lap
ham.' I had always promised myself the
pleasure of completing a study of th*
modern business man, which waa my in
tention in that book." • "
I recalled to him the story of J. Milton
Northwlck, the defaulting: cashier.
I asked Mr. Howells to recall the. crit
ical suggestions from which sonw of his
books had cause of life and with difficulty
he remembered some of them. They
should serve as valuable sign posts to
travelers bound for the market whers
manuscripts are bousht and sold.
of it. Two or three months of misery get
ting ready."
"The development of a novel from a
general motive, is the most painful part
eral motive, but even the plot can be de
veloped after you. have begun to tell the
story. But then, you know, you cannot
teach people how to write. A novel is
born very much on the same plan as any
other event in the artistic, the ethical or
the active world. You intend a certain
course of action, and something grows
I from the germ of your intention."
"Is it necessary for the writer to be a
recluse?" ¦
"A good deal depends upon surround
ings, I think; but then, a young man, for
instance, has a strong grip on life and Is
not easily scattered. Perhaps it is the
old fellows who are more likely to trip
up ir» the clash and noise of a busy
world.".' •
"Don't you think many young- writers
are inclined to overwork, to do too many '
things at once, as it were?"
"To write anything else , while a man
is at work on a novel discerses him. He
should do as litXe in any other occupa
tion as possible."
Mr. Howells' Method.
We drifted gradually to the more per
sonal phase of creative writing and I
asked the author if a complete construct
ive formula was necessary before the
story should begin on paper.
"I never work that way," he said. "I
couldn't. My method is still a sort of:
psychic puzzle to myself. I usually have
the last word of my book, the last pic
ture, before I begin. I know when and
where I am going to end. Each day's
work seems to be the result of a new mo
tive. Every morning's work on a novel
I am writing completes itself intuitively,
•rounds itself out and leaves something
to unfold — to come after for the following
day's writing."
"And how long Is it before you set to
work on paper?" 2&££fx
THE rtfalton of the novel to the play
is an intimacy that has become
Etrelned. Both are bleed ties o£ lit
erature, and for many years each
branch of the family was satisfied
•with its own domain: the novel for read
ers, the play for theater-goers.
. Only quite recently is the family jar be
tween the novel and the play. It seemed
to me that the matter might be explained
by a competent authority, a literary legis
lator sufficiently prominent in the eyes of
the people to be an authority.
: I went to William Dean Howells. He
discouraged th«s idea at 'first.
"There is no acknowledged authority in
any art in this country, as there seems to
be abroad." lie paid.
"We have critics."
"Lets of them. You know, I think it is
» good thine that we have no definite
authority. We can ail criticize here, with
equal rights of address to the community.
It is good to let us find things out for our
selves."
| He Fjr.iled genially, as only a man who
is aglow with ihe warmth of human kin
ship can smile, for I fancy the wlioie se
cret of eeeiniT the world and its little lives
in the light of absolute truth is in keeping
embers called mind and heart from
cooling. The greatest tragedy in human
experience is a life grown <-oId through
Jack of attention to these fires that are
given us to tend within.
; Jin Honest Psychologist.
Mr. Howells I'us been a busy stoker in
this respect, a splendid example in the
refining influences of that realistic psy
chology which few men conscientiously
observe in themselves— the psychology of
being honest.
He has never done a false bit of work or
been trapped into saying a false thins,
and there is a supreme confidence In his
convictions in his criticisms on this ac
count.
There was a Puritan simplicity about
his editorial sanctum, and as I looked at
him I remembered being present some
years ago at a public reading given by
celebrated authors and poets at Chlcker
ing Hall, In JCew York, for the purpose of
'raising funds to establish a firm law for
international copyright.
James Russell Lowell was In the chair.
About the middle of the afternoon he
;xnade this announcement, in the quiet,
tranquil fashion that was his own earth
ly atmosphere:
"Ladies and Gentlemen— Some years
past a young man came to my house with
a bundle of manuscript, which he wished
zne to look at. He Bald, most earnestly, it
•was his Intention, hie ajnbition. his deter
mination to enter the field of literature,
.and— would I read eomi of his work and
advise him? I was so pleased with what
be had given me to read that I gave him
.a letter to a prominent author in active
service, and I fancy it must have encour
aged him."
: Then came one of those electric pauses—
a silence in the crowded hall that -was al
most oppressive, for. Lowell turned to the
Croup of celebrities seated on the plat
form and said quietly:
• "I have great pleasure in introducing
'that young man to you now, William
Dean Howells."
' Mr. Howells arose from his •eat. and as
he stepped forward, one of his books un
der his arm, he grasped Lowell's hand in
friendship as they passed. Many
'seconds, perhaps sixty, went by amid
¦ deafening applause and almost hysterical
enthusiasm. Every one there shared for
the moment the hand grasp they had just
and the fruition of the inspiring an
ecdote they had just heard.
' It took Mr. Howells a while* to master'
the emotion of those seconds, in which he
nervously pulled out his handkerchief and
nervously put it back in his pocket, and.
*in the s!ang of the period, "there were
: others." "When at last he spoke his voice
¦ was unsteady and his head was bent low
over an open page of the book he was
• holding. He eaid:
"Ladies and gentlemen: The best thing
• I can do is to read to you the selection
i which I am scheduled to read this after
noon while I have any voice left," and he
¦ plunged bravely on, mastering suspicious
chokes as best he could.
Yet. as the anecdote reveals, while there
• is much tenderness in the man. there is
a very positive vigor of sentiment that is
j unsparing of work badly done, only half
! thought out. cr built on a basis of emo
tional sentimentality. In morals Mr.
Howells believes the head is a better
guide than the heart, and he applies his
convictions, his human experience to the
art of literature
Novels on ihe Stage.
"Any novel made Into a play is neces
! earily a disappointment to the reader In
the fact that it is an attempt to compress
( action that was originally barely suffi
cient to tell the story," he said.
: "Novels should not be dramatized?"
', *:; *Tm not a dramatist, you' know." he
Bald, smiling reproachfully. "You must
/iot lead me into a positive position or I
shall Jump out through the door."
: *iP u ' y° u wrote ' Yorick's Love.' " i _•
"The success of 'Cyrano.' I should like
to feel. Is its sentimentality. You know,
people who bo to the theater are senti
mental. They are moved to enthusiasm
by a little vaudeville 'stunt,' foj instance:
by the vis comica of the comedian, bv tne
stress and terror of tragedy. They forget
the moral in the emotional elements that
are presented, and in things moral the
head is better than the heart."
Cyrano's Success.
"Perhaps I am. Cyrano does a false
thins In marryine Roxano to his cousin
Christian. The latter was qultn inferior
to him and this attitude of apparent solf
sacrifice -was morbid and false. * Roxane
loved Cyrano's mind: she probably never
thought of his nose; it should have been
his duty to prevent her from marrying
Christian."
"How do you explain ita success?"
"Rostand's plays are literary, but he has
a false view of human nature. Of course
he is absolutely sincere in his perception,
but it is a false conception none the less.
In my opinion."
"You are thinking of 'Cyrano de Ber
gerac'?"
"I suppose most plays havo a melodra
matic flavor to them somewhere. Even a
society play may be melodramatic."
"Would you call Rostand's plays melo
drama?"
"I know, a very fixed tradition, to com
bat any suggestion of literature in a play,
and yet It is only plays that have literary
art in them that survive. Look at tne
foreign' dramatists, of whom some of the
best work has come from Spanish writ
ers. like Ecbegaray. for instance." .
"Is the melodrama a truo picture of
life?" ;
"It is almost a tradition of the stage!"
"The literature of a play relics equally
upon what the actor looks as- well as
what he says. 1 know it is the custom to
treat plays as something apart from lit
erature, but it seems absurd, for Instance,
to say when Ibsen writes a play that It la
not literature."
"A sincere dealing with life is always
necessary to successful art in nny form.
I consider lMncro's piays fine UtcnUuro;
he looks things in the face, tells us what
society is doin* and thinking, catches, the
salient points of character and morals In
his human drac net. 1 think The Second
Mrs. TanqueraV and "The Notorious Mrs.
KMismiiir good literature. Ausustus
Thomas is equally sincere and true in h'.s
treatment of American life on tho. aluge,
and 1 could name otheis."
"Are you crlticizins; the actual lines,
the writing of the play?"
"The first principle is sincerity!"
"Well, they are both literature. It la
only very recently that the novol has bo
pun to wear mask and wig. PerhaDs up
to fifty yours apo the play was distinctly
an original story, told in a manner IHted
for representation at the thoHter. It was
a bit of independent literature. Perhaps
the plays of am- literary value produced
now arc only taose developed from an
original source, I consider that 'Unleav
ened Bread' was one. of the best exam
ples of modern dramatic literature. It
had atmosphere and it was a bit of life."
"Oh, yes! I know a llttlo about It.
Heine used to Bay the only way to do it
was to read the novel, then throw-It out
of the window and write a play about it."
"What is the essential difference be
tween the two?"
"Xo. I merely translated It: but 1 be
long to th« other side of the literary fam
ily—to the novel, not to tho play."
"Still you know what the process' of
crafting a novel to the theater means?"
THE SUNDAY CAL.I/.
2
WILLIAM DEAN HOWELLS
DISCUSSES THE NOVEL AND THE PLAYhad the captor by the arm and would
not release him. So, "catching a Tartar"
is applicable to one who -has found an an
tagonist too powerful for him.
That far from elegant expression, "to
kick the bucket," is believed to have orig
inated in the time of Queen Elizabeth,
when a shoemaker named Hawkins com
mitted suicide by placing a bucket on a
table In order to raise himself high
enough to reach a rafter above, then
kicking away the bucket on which he
stood. The term coroner is derived from
the word "corphcornor," which means
corpse inspector.
"He's a brick," meaning a good fellow,
•jrlginated with a king of Sparta—Agesi
?aus—about the fourth century B. C. A
visitor at the Lacedaemonian capital was
surprised to find the city without walls
or means of defense, and asked his royal
host what they would do in case of an
invasion by a foreign power. "Do?" re
plied the heroic king. "Why. Sparta has
50,000 soldiers, and each man is a brick."
. When the Horse Guards parade in St.
James Park, London, there is always a
lot of boys on hand to black the boots of
soldiers, or do other menial work. These
boys, from their constant - attendance
about the time of guard mounting, were,
nicknamed "the blackguards," hence the
name "blackguard." Deadhead, as de
noting one who has free entrance to
placesvof amusement, comes from Pom
pell, where the checks for free admission
were. small ivory death's heads. Speci
mens of these ar<*' in the museum at
Naples.
TO feel in apple-pie order Is a phrase
which dates back to Puritan
times— to a certain Hepzlbah Mer-
tpn. It seems that every Satur
day she was accustomed to bake two or
three dozen apple pies, which were to last
her family through the coming week.
These she placed carefully on her pantry
shelves, labeled for each day of j) the
week, so that Tuesday's pies might not
be confused with Thursday's, nor those
presumably large or Intended for wash
ing and sweeping days eaten when
household labors were lighter. Aunt
Hcpzibah's "apple-pie order" was known
throughout the entire settlement, and
originated the well-known saying.
It was once customary in France whet
a guest^ had outstayed his welcome for
the host to serve a co*ld shoulder of mut
ton instead of a hot roast. This was the
origin oX the phrase, "To give the cold
shoulder."
"Nonel shall wear a feather but he who
has killed a Turk" was an old Hungarian
saying, 'and the number of feathers in
his cap* indicated how many Turks the
man had killed. Hence the origin of the
saying with reference to a feather in
one's cap.
In one of the battles between the Rus
sians and Tartars a private soldier of the
former cried out: "Captain, I've caught
a Tartar!" "Bring him along, then," an
swered the officer. "I can't, for he won't
let me," was the response. Upon investi
gation It was apparent that the captured
©FTgrn or Sorne • Farp'rlTai* -pf^asgs.
HUri^fri^. a, UfVs %\o*&\ ti-| patagonya.
DOWN in Patagonia there Is to-day a
party of men, sent there by a mag
azine, hunting a living specimen of
- the supposed extinct giant sloth.
Scientists, have found footprints pre
served in the sandstone of. Connecticut
and the "West, and from sketches found in
all- parts of the world ' remodeled masto
dons, ichthyosauri, . . megalosauri . and d!l
the rest of them. But living specimens
belonged to a period long on specimens
but short on scientists." That these careful
conjectures of scientists, who have made
this branch of natural history a study,
are correct is more than probable. But if
some real living monster could be found
the discoverer's name would surely be
emblazoned in the anriajs of science.
¦ Such, is the mission of Mr. Hesketh
Prichard, now in charge of the expedition
in Patagonia, Eminent authorities in zool
ogy, agree that if there are any of these
specimens living they will be found in. the
mountainous regions • of , Patagonia. Pro
fessor • Roy Loukester, In speaking . before
the * Zoological Society of London, said
that, he -believed it quite possible that\ a
living giant sloth 'might still be found in
Patagonia^
South . America has proved a treasure
ground for paleontologists. ., Many depos
its of fossil remain's have'been Drought to
light there. t It was in Patagonia that De
Moreno, of the La Plata* Museum, made a
wonderful discovery. It - was "at" theren
trance to a great cave that he found a
large skin, and this skin was altogether
unlike any other skin he had ever seen.
Still larger pieces of the skin and many
of the bones were found inside the cave.
After careful study Dr. Moi%no pro
nounced these to be of the giant sloth,
and the skin is now in the Natural His
tory Museum at South Kensinston, Lon
don.
This giant sloth was believed to be al-.
together extinct; just as were ..he mas
todon and. other antediluvian monsters.
The skin found by Dr. Moreno showed
that it had belonged to a living animal
within some fifty year3, at the most. This
fact is one of the most encouraging to the
belief that this monster still lives.
Judging from all that the scientists tell
us this world must have been a queer sort
of a place to live in when animals grew
to three and four story „ sizes. . Imasrine
the excitement of the primitive shepherd
watching a couple of megalosauri. or*
giant lizards, grinning at each other with
a grin that spread over some eight feet
of facial countenance and then, with their
tremendous bodies, some thirty feet long,
jump at each other and fight to the death,
tearing . down trees and digging great
holes in the earth during the scrimmage.
Another cheerful specimen of the same
period was the trlceratops. .which used to
amble in and around .the Rocky /Moun
tains. This 'great brute was of enormous
strength and, .according 'to the authori
ties, was about the worst lookinsr bug
aboo of an animal that could be imagined.
FASHIONS AMONG ESKIMO WOMEN
ESKIMO women may not have things
that are considered necessary in
_ other parts of the world, but they
have skillful hands and thoughtful
husbands, fathers and brothers and sons
who provide them with many little things
of use and ornament which are no doubt
as highly valued as they deserve to be.
There is one article which the grand
mothers of children of ' the, present day
considered essential, and which afterward
went out of use and now is coming back
in scmewhat new form\and under a new
name. That is what was the once well
known "housewife." It has been in con
stant and* daily use by Eskimo women
for as long as any of their oldest people
can remember of having - heard about.
This little bag. In which repose the
needles, ; thread and materials used for
sewing and other articles needed' in wom
en's work, is in the Eskimo country made
of the skin of some wild animal, dressed
and sewed into the approved shape and
ornamented with needlework in* elaborate
patterns. In this she carries her thimble
of tough sealskin, needles and bodkins or
ivcry bone, and sometimes, since
white men have come, she has these made
of -Iron or steel. Skeins of thread made
from sinews or tough grass are necessary
to make her .. ."housewife's" equipment
complete, as well as the . usual knives
which take the. place of scissors.
To get her thread she does not' have a
convenient store to go . to, but : she . ordi
narily , makes It . for herself. ' That from
sinews is obtained generally, from the legs
of reindeer. After dryirgr the sinews are
beaten with a maul to cause, the fibers to
separate, after \ which they are divided
and . cleaned. : A comb-like Implement 'is
used in this work of dividing the strands.
If a large thread or cord is wanted several
strands are twisted 'together.*
The Eskimo woman carries her needles
in i reedle cases that might oftentimes". be
the - envy., of her more civilized ; sisters.
These . are frequently made ; ¦. of j Ivory,
carved elaborately and ; having . stoppers
for the 'end of : the same fash
ioned In ; the shape 'of the head of an:ani
mal or of a man.. v To s fasten , her,''house
wife" a curious 'and entirely ¦ original de-
vice is used. This consists of a sort of
skev.er of bone. or ivory from three to six
inches long, about which - the' stout skin
thongs are wound.
The Eskimo woman is fitted out with an
abundance' of workboxes, trinket boxes
and little caskets of small size in which
various odds and ends may be kept. These
boxes are of Infinite variety of shapes and
"designs. Some ¦ are'" round, some oblong,
some^ square and others are made to rep
resent in form seals, heads of fishes or
other 'animals. The material used -is
wood, frequently , ivory or bone, arid aside
from the carving, which is not spared,
.the inside of .the lids and other conven
ient ; places are decorated with paintings, 1
In spite of her 'dreary home the Eskimo
woman has many things around her that
women' in : > more f avored j climes prize and
which serve to make life easier and' more
( cheerful., "".'."••"'•
-A regimental surgeon finds that soldiers
can march better i with rubber than <¦ with
hard heels; as they obviate the jar to the
system. \-\ ¦ "';^
•
vivid Roman stripes or a bold Scotch
plaid. "While these are not as numerous
as the white, blacks and blues, there is a
marked inclination toward them and they
are certainly very stunning.
, Roman stripes and showy and noisy
colors arc very prominent in the majority
of flannel and Turkishr toweling' bath
wraps,' which every sea-plunger needs to,
complete her toilet. ~
rwagger. A"- suit of a startling: red trim
med with white is about as pretty as the
most fastidious could demand. The suits
are nearly all made with high necks; the
majority, in fact, have collars that meas
ure anywhere from two to four inches and
fasten tightly about the throat. The
Host comfortable ones, however, are
jiade with a little V-shaped- vest that
fastens straight across the throat' and
that ends in a sailor knot.
'A Yale blue dress scalloped with white
and with a zig-zag braid running In va
criss-cross fashion makes a verV neat and
lasting suit. The hosiery is usually black,'
but the more daring put on * stripes and
checks to tread the waves in.
,Some of the suits,; by. the- way, are of
THE summer girl Is coming to the
fere. Time. . thought and money
are being spent on surf and still
water bathing costumes, so numer
icus are the colors and designs of
the lattst models.
Everybody, remembers the complaint
that the people of the South made. Visi
tors would go for the mail on wheels,
drink iced tea on shaded verandas, saun
ter slowly about town with a Japanese
parascl for protection, and all this visit
ing and chatting in their bathing suits.
So is It a wonder that the girls are giv
ing more attention than usual to their
bathing gowns? If this abbreviated yet
comfortrble costume is to be worn so uni
versally, and for so many occasions, one
cannot blame the girls for racking their
brains" and bringing all their ingenuity
and cleverness to the front.
The chief object In life for most women
Is to look pretty, or if they can't do that,
to look as pretty as they can. Some
bright 'girl found out that a dainty suit,
eilk 'kerchief over the rubber cap and
•white shoes made a better impression
than afciy old thing that wouldn't be hurt
by 6alty water. /
For half a dozen seasons back pure mo
hair has been used almost exclusively, and
flannel, and silk, the standbys of other
days, have been strangely absent from the
beaches. The newest and by far the most
satisfactory material is a mohair flannel.
It possesses the combined virtues of mo
hair and flannel, and, judging from its
popularity, has come to stay.
Not a few women who have no love for
salty dips and who cordially despise the
rolling breakers, have enthusiastically
bought bathing dresses, along with all the
paraphernalia that nowadays is consid
ered so. necessary for a smart beach toilet.
One of the «wellest gowns, and at the
same time one of the newest modes yet
seen, is a white mohair trimmed with
dark blue braid. The braid is put on in six
or seven lines around the bottom of the
skirt and edges, the sleeve puffs and sail-
or collars. A white silk or a blue and
white silk bead handkerchief is jauntily
worn.
A dainty suit is made of purple relieved
with touches of white. The fullness of the
skirt is formed by tiny box pleats that
give it the kilt effect. A broad band of
solid white mohair is held in place by a
zigzag braid. The waist is full and has a
broad white cellar and a braided vest,
which tucks under a white belt. A pale
lavender handkerchief and black silk hose
complete the outfit. The light colors' give
one the idea that it is merely for show,
but it has proved as durable as dainty.
This year there are several new
wrinkles that are of interest to ladies on
land as well as waterites. First and all
important, the bathing suits must fit
with all the elegant precision of a calling
costume. Heretofore there was not much
fit. If one mentioned a 34 or a 36 s5ze, it
was not considered necessary to waste
time to try a suit on. No matter if the
sleeves were a little short or if the shoul
ders were too broad. Who would see" in
the water, and besides, why waste pre
cious time over a rig that was meant en
tirely for exercise?
Swelldom has decided to adopt the
French fashion of carrying down to the
bath houses every morning a pretty white
hand-satchel containing all the forty
eleven small articles that complete a
graceful swimming gown.
The bag in itself is an important ac
quisition as well as a very useful article,
as it holds a silk mackintosh cap, salt
proof; silk hose, white linen bathing:
boots, and a pair of white linen bathing
corsets. These last are absolutely essen
tial this year, as the suits are so cut that
they can't be properly or presenlably
worn without stout, short and very flex
ible stays, that differ from the French
corsets only in the matter of steel, for
those intended for swimming have not a
bit of metal about them.
Although white is very popular, that
does not hinder vivid colors from being
THE SUNDAY CAIilii
3
THE LATEST
STYLES IN
BATHING
SUITSBeauvais replied in kind, and it flashed
viciously off. the point of Maurice's saber.
He had only his life to lose, but it had
suddenly become precious to him; Beau
vais had not only his life, but all that
made life worth living. His onslaught was
terrible. Besides, he was fighting against
odds; he wore no steel nrotector. Mau
rice wore his only a moment longer. ' A
cut In the side severed the lacings, and the
sagging of the cuirass greatly handicap
ped itiui. He pressed the spurs and dash-
"The Austrian Embassador has your
history; kill me or not, you are lost."
Maurice made a sweep at his enemy's
head and missed.
"Your life or mine!" snarled Maurice.
His coolness, however, was proportionate
to his rage. For the first time in his life
the lust to kill seized him.
"It shall be yours, d n you!" replied
Beauvais.
Beauvais was now within twenty yards
of Maurice. Had he been less eager and
held his fire up to this point Maurice had
been a dead man. The white horse gained
every moment. A dull fury grew into life
in Maurice's heart. Instead of continuing
the race he brought the Mecklenburg to
bis haunches and wheeled. He made
straight for Beauvais, who was surprised
at this change of tactics. In the rush they
passed each other and the steel hummed
spitefully throv.gh space. Both wheeled
again. . . ***
. Simultaneously with the fifth and last
shot came a sensation somewhat like that
caused by a sound blow in the middle of
the back. Strange, but he felt no pain,
neither was there an accompanying numb
ness. Then he remembered his cuirass,
which was of steel an eighth of an inch
thick. It had saved his life. The needle3
began to leave his right hand and arm,
and he knew that he had receH'ed no in
jury other than a shock. He passed tho
saber back to his right hand. He had no
difficulty in holding it. Gradually his grip
grew strong and steady.
"My Gcd. what a shot!" he murmured.
"I am lost!"
ed away, while Beauvais cursed him for
a cowardly cur. xnaurice, by this ma
neuver, gained sufficient time to rid him
self of the cumbersome steel. What he
lost In protection, ho gained in lightness
and freedom. Shortly Beauvais was at
him again. The time for banter had
passed; they fought grimly and silently.
The end for one was death. Beauvais
knew that If his antagonist escaped this
time the life he longed for, the power and
honor it promised, would never be his. On
his side, Maurice was equally determined
to live
The horses plunged and snorted, reared
and swayed and bit* Sometimes they car
ried their masters several yards apart,
only to come smashing together again. .
The sun was going down, and a clear,
white light prevailed. Afar In the field a
herd was grazing, but no one would call
them to the sheds. Master and mistress
had long since taken flight.
The duel went on. Maurice was growing
tired. By and by he began to rely solely
on the defense. When they were close
Beauvais played for the. point; the min
ute, the space widened he. took to, the
edge. He saw what Maurice felt— the
weakening, and he indulged in a crue!
smile. They came close: he made, as
though to give the point., Maurice, think
ing to anticipate, reached. ; Quick as light,
Beauvais raised his blade and brought it
down with crushing force, standing' the
¦while in the stirrups. The' blow missed
Maurice's head by an inch, but it sank so
deeply in his left shoulder that it splin
tered the collar-bone and stopped within
a hair of the great artery that runs un
derneath. . -
The world turned red, then black. When
it grew, light again, Maurice ¦ beheld * the
dripping blade swinging aloft again. Sud
denly the black horse snapped at the
white, .which veered. The stroke which
would have split Maurice's skull in twain
fell on the rear of the saddle, . and the
blade was so firmly, emoedded in the
wooden molding that Beauvais could not
withdraw it' at once. Blinded by pain as
ho was, and fainting, yet Maurice saw his
chance. He thrust with ¦ all his remain-
Ing strength at the brown throat so near
him. And the blade went true. The oth
er's body stiffened, his head flew back, his
eyes started: he clutched wildly at tho
steel, but his hands had not the power
to reach It. A bloody, foam; gushed be
tween his lips; his mouth opened; he
swayed, and linally tumbled into the road
—dead. -
: ' '.-, ,¦¦.•¦;¦. :.¦'¦• ::-.V'-. ¦¦'[ . ¦'-. '
FJgh* BetWeeri AteUr-'CG CSF2W2 and CoTcn^T BsaUVars.
FOR a long time Maurice rode with
his head almost touching the coal
black mane of his gallant Mecklen
burg. Twice he glanced back to see
who followed, but the volume of dust
¦which rolled after him obscured ail be
hind. He cou'.d hear the far-off hammer
of hoofs, but this, mingling with the noise
of his own horse, confused him as to the
number of his pursuers. He reasoned that
he was well out of range, for there came'
r.o report of firearms. The road presently
described a semicircle, passing through a
ruftajrer orchard. * Once beyond this he
turned again in the saddle.
"Only one; that is not so bad as It might
be. .It is one to one." But a second glance
told him who this solitary pursuer was.
"The devil!" he laughed — as one of Tas
eo's heroes might have laughed — "The
devil! How that man loves me!" He was
confident that the white horse would
never overtake the black.
On they flew, pursued and pursuer. At
length Maurice bit his lip and frowned.
The white horss was growing larger; the
O:<=tanee between was lessening, slowly
but certainly. ,
"Good boy!" he said encouragingly to
the Mecklenburg. "Good boy!"
Deserted farmhouses swept past; hills
r-ose and vanished, but still the white
horse crept up, up, up. The distance ere
antother half-mile had gone had dimin
ished to 400 yards; from 400 It fell to 300.
The Mecklenburg was doing glorious
work, but the marvelous stride of the an
imal In the rear was matchless. Suddenly
Maurice saw a tuft of the red plume on
his helmet spring out ahead of him and
t>a!I away, and a second later came thei
report. One, he counted; four more to fol
low. Next a stream of fire passed along
his cheek and something warm had
trickled down the side of his neck. Two,
he counted, hf3 face now pale and set. The
third knocked his scaobard Into the air.
Quickly he shifted his saber to the left,
dropped the reins and drew his own re
volver. He understood. He was not to be
taken prisoner. Beauvais intended to kill
Mm offhand. Only the dead keep secrets.
Maurice flung about and fired three con
secutive times. The white horse reared
and the shako of his master fell Into the
dust, but there was no other result. As
Maurice pressed the trigger for the fourth
time the revolver was violently wrenched
from his hand, and a thousand needles
seemed to be quivering in the flesh of his
arm and hand.
make It our servant -and use It as a lever
for ; lifting us to something better and
greater, for serving mankind, equalizing
•wages, ¦ endowing colleges; hospitals, li
braries, churches and museums. Tn fine,
let us promote thereby all. worthy institu
tions that conduce' toward the elevation
and betterment, of humanity. Wealth
should never dominate, control, nor gain
such complete influence over us as to own
us body and soul.- It Js the' part, of wis
dom to appreciate what, true living im
plies and to hold in mind the fact that
mere dollars will not and do not produce
happiness. Though we have riches, we
The purpose of this work Is not to class
the aspiration for increase ' of wealth
among evil desires, norx to disparage the
merits of the millionaires who have ac
quired their possessions by the exercise
of their wit and shrewd business facul
ties. The pursuit of wealth is a duty, not
alone to oneself and to one's family, but
to mankind at large. • .
It is" not necessary, however, to permit
wealth- to be cur master: let us rather_
Mr. Wood Is a forceful writer and his
work well earns the title of "Bugle Calls."
It is a book that can be, picked up, opened
at any page and found interesting-. The
idea ofithe bugle call is still further car
ried out in the treatment of the subject,
the work being rather a collection of virile
paragraphs connected by a common sub
ject than a continuous following • and
working out of a set theme. . The follow
ing excerpts will give an idea of its char
acter: £, •
Oppression' creates fear: fear of want,
fear of starvation, fear that what we
own to-day will not be ours to-morrow,
fear of public opinion, of private opinion.
The editor fears to print the facts; the
minister to preach the truth. The air
grows miasmatic with the gloom" born of
the germs of injustice, and fear and de
spair spread like panic and Infection.".
benjamin &)ood.
' J* r& R. BENJAMIN WOOD, manager
II Y/\ of the clothing house of S. N.
H lft>\ Wood& Co., New York and San
. v Francisco, is a strong advocate
of the union label on all products. His
latest s book • on the labor problem has
Just been published by .Brentano's,' and
should .J awakenj .{ , considerably/ / interest
arBpnjr {'readers studying .tho^'problem of
labor .-and •capital.-^ *' ti - ¦/•";. . ~ r 'i ¦- . ,
In- his : preface' to^the^vdlume, Mr. Wood
avers that since, the conversion of his firm
to the- sideVof union labor," 'their associa
tion with trades unions; has been marked
by its lack of differences and disputes.
can onlv eat so much, drink bo much,
clothe" ourselves and house ourselves;
more than that we cannot do.
Every, heart /requires sympathy, and is
a receptacle for it. "A kind word falls
from the lips like oil upon the troubled
feelings .'of the human breast,". No. flower
is as fair as that sympathy which springs
from the heart, and no fragrance as sweet
as that'which Is odorous with generosity.
How seldom do we : pause in the pursuit
of . happiness -to consider wherein it con
sists. How • often' do " we seek happiness
in 'wealth'* that, '.when obtained, debars
Its possezsor from the freedom of living.
An aged. saint once said that "No man
could rightfully define the word Heaven
until he stands by a newly made grave:
one may sometimes see. more through his
tears than when looking through the larg
est telescope; he who has never wept does
not know the value of laughter; he who
has not labored and toiled along the hot
and dusty roads does not appreciate the
bliss of sitting under the friendly branches
of a shady tree." • J ¦
There are not ' two kinds of creatures,
nor. two kinds of liberty, superior and in
ferior; nor are there two sorts of men,
men with rights Inalienable and men with
right alienable. All come into the world
on an equality, feeble in body and mind,
but with the seed of improvement in both
body and mind; therefore progress and in
tellectual excellence are our duty, our
honor and our Interest. - '¦ .
Capital legitimately employed Is entitled
to the protection of the laborer and to the
protection of the law. Labor honestly
performed Is entitled to its fuil reward,
that the conditions surrounding the labor
er shall be consistent with the demands
of -modern civilization. Each owes the
oth'er - a solemn ¦ duty. . ,
If It Is the end that . crowns your under
takings, it is the beginning that gives it
form. To reach the top you » must* first
begin at the bottom. • t
Just as soon as we have a people the
majority of whom reason logically, think
clearly," see their. rights and Intelligently
strive to securethem, just so soon will we
see the last of the colossal crimes commit
.ted in the name of civilization. Meet upon
the plane of common justice, and do unto
s others as you would they should do unto
rou. '•.
"When the British army was at Bloem
fontein preparing for the march to Preto
ria, Lord Roberts took advantage of the
presence of the most brilliant group of
writers ever brought together by journal
istic requirements and requested them to
make a newspaper for the army. The re
sult was something which deserves to be
called unique. The four editors— Kipling,
'"War's Brighter Side," by Julian Ralph,
with contributions from Rudyard Kipling.
A. Conan Doyle and others, is invested
with a unique interest, both by the singu
larly attractive quality ; of the contents,
•which include the stories, poems and
sketches of some of the most popular
modern authors, and also by the peculiar
conditions under which these stories were
written.
Now it is to be fair means or foul and
a battle to the death. The account of this
fight on horseback Is a story in itself,
and I have quoted it under a separate
head. It gives an excellent idea of what
a forceful writer Mr. MacGrath is, and
can be taken as a fair sample of the
virile dash so characteristic of his work.
(Published by the Bowen-Merrill Com
pany, Indianapolis. Price, $1 50.)
3. G. LATKROP.
"War's Brighter Side.
By intercepting Carewe's telegrams to
foreign embassies Beauvais has thus far
succeeded in preventing an exposure of
•who and what he really is. To let Carewe
escape now would mean the Colonel's
ruin, so he gallops after the flying Amer
ican—this time to kill.
This is not the last time that the Colo
nel and Carewe are to meet on the field
of battle, and their second appearance in
the lists is even more dramatic than the
first. Matters come to a crisis and the
arm'es of both sides meet on the field
only to ii-il that the .generals of the
King prove false to the puppet crown,
and the battle is over without beginning.
Carewe Is with the forces to fight for
Alexia. He has thrown his diplomatic
career to the w.nds and gone In heart and
goul. When he sees the turn affairs have
taken ho breaks through the ranks that
Tvould hold him prisoner, to fly to Blei
berg and warn the Princess.
The Colonel has such confidence In his
own swordsmanship that he deems it un
necessary to stoop to assassination, but
prefers to take the more gentlemanly
way, though to- him Just as certain, of
giving his victim a rapier with which to
defend himself. Americans as a general
rule are not fencers and on this Beauvais
counts or he would not let the delicate
technicality of a stab in the back stand
between him and his purpose. 'Carewe's
swordsmanship proves a revelation. The
description of this duel is a splendid* bit
of work and its denouement equally sat
isfactory.
Carewe. the American, is the central
figure of the story — a man of the world.
The Duchess Is Justified in the end that
ehe is trying to accomplish but not in the
means that she employs, and so, of course,
the reader's sympathy is with the King
Alexia. An Englishman, Lord Fitz
gerald, plays an important part In the
etory and comes In for a certain amount
of admiration, but by falling in love with
the Duchess he is so easily turned into
her dupe that even the respect of a char
itable reader Is sorely shaken.
In the first chapters the reader is Intro
duced to the affairs "of the kingdom ten
years prior to the actual commencement
of the tale and learns of the political feud
of royalty which is afterward to be sealed
in blood. To go Into the details of the
plot would be to reprint Mr. MacGrath's
book, for the Intricacies which arise can
not be stated In less space than that ac
corded by the author and be fully un
derstood. Suffice it to say that the mottf
is the struggle of a wily Duchess to re
gain from an old King and the Princess
Alexia the crown of her ancestors.
Harold MacGrath has a great success
before him in his recent novel. "The Pup
pet Crown." It may be 6ald that his
Duchess slightly suggests the feline fem
inine villain of Dumas, that his Alexia is
reminiscent of Princess Flavia. that Ca
rewe resembles Rudolph Rassendyl and
that his plot of intricacies in one of the
Fmall governments of the Alps has a
Zenda flavor, but still the treatment is
his own and his romance Is conducive to
the burning of midnight oil. The object
of romantic fiction is to entertain and this
book certainly answers that purpose to
perfection, so why should it not receive
the credit due clever writing?
j The great charm of Mr. MacGrath's
•writing lies in his clearness and vivid
ness of Imagination. To him the little
town of Blelberg, near the foot of the
Thalian Alps, is a reality, the puppet
kingdom and its affairs he has by heart,
and he is bo certain of every complication
of plot and counter plot and writes with
so sure a hand that the reader cannot
fail to see with the author's eyes every
change on this comic opera stage. So
real does it become that, whfh the com
edy changes to tragedy, you find yourself
fighting beside the. gallant Carewe and
exchanging sword thrust for thrust in
his uphill fight to save the cause of the
woman he loves.
mATJRICE CAREWE! There la a
character In fiction for you!
We have had D'Artagnan, the
Frenchman; Rudolph Rassendyl,
the Englishman: and now It is Maurice
Carewe, the American. And of the three
I think that we of America will prefer
CareWe: he is more one of us. He Is a
composite of the best in romantic fiction.
He has the lightness and versatility of
the Frenchman and the constancy and
dogged perseverance of the Englishman.
It was only Smlth-Dorrlen's Brigade march
ing into Bloemfonteln, but If It -could have
been passed, just as It was, down Piccadilly
and the Strand It would have driven London
crazy. I got down from the truck which we
were unloading and watched them, the ragged,
bearded, flerce-eyed Infantry, straggling along
_ Here is a selection taken from the book
showing A. Conan Doyle's "first impres
sions." It is copyrighted by him and pub
lished with the author's permission: .
As the former editors of The Friend have
now formed themselves Into an order to which
none is eligible except he or ehe who tells the
truth without fear of consequences, the reader
may as well prepare himself to meet with
that rare quality In some of the pages that
follow.
To these features I have added many personal
recollections, as well as anecdotes and stories
told by or about the men around me in camp,
and In the conquered capital of the' Free State,
with notes and comments upon a wide variety
of subjects supgested during the editing of the
other matter collated..
Generals, colonels — In fact, men of every rank
and grade— contributed their shares; of every
rank down to "Tommy Atkins," who, in gen
eral, sings his songs in the background. In
verse, like the chorus in an ancient drama.
In these letters.' and verses the
reader lives with ttoei-soldlers In camp.: He sees
what they -work and play at. He hears of the-lr
deeds of daring, _ mishaps, -and adventures. : H«
catches their strange lm&o. He observes what
they eat— «.nd what they do not get to drink.
He notes how they speak of their farjng In bat
tle. In all ' the wealth of English literature I
know ot no such a mirror reflection and a»
phonograph echoing of soldier life as Is here.
The etory of Iiord Roberts' experiment and
the experiences of the men he selected for his
editors, must be especially attractive to all
Journalists, and they will find here set forth
whatever ls»of purely professional Interest to
them. To thos<e details I have added the most
notable contributions with which each of the
twenty-seven numbers of The Friend was made
up, and here the narrow limitation of the In
terest in the book is broken wide asunder.
These newspaper articles are mainly the works
of flghtlni? men. at rest between battles, and of
others who were at the moment polng -to or
coming- from engagements. They hold the mir
ror up. to the life of an army In camp, on the
march, in battle, and in a conquered capital.
Lord Roberts Is the first general of whom I
have heard who ever recognized and acknowl
edged the value, and power of the press by
establishing? a newspaper as a source of enter
tainment and Information for an army In the
field, and as a medium for conveying ouch
arguments and appeals as he wished to make
to the enemy. This he did. as one might say,
the instant he conquered the first of the Boer
capitals, almost simultaneously - with his
appointment of a military governor and a pro-'
vost marshal, and the establishment of a police
force. . - . . :-
Mr. Ralph, so well known in the United
States as a newspaper writer and con
tributor to the magazines, has this to say
in the preface to "War's Brighter Side":
On behalf, therefore, of the troops, I would
ask you to convey my best thanks to all who
have contributed toward making the paper
such a success, ' especially to . the r following
gentlemen, Messrs. Landon, Ralph, Gwynne and
Buxton. Believe me to be yours, very truly,
; > .1 . - ROBERTS.
That their labors are appreciated [ is evident
from the eagerness with- which the paper is
purchased 'by officers and soldiers alike.
The army owe. -a debt of ' gratitude to th«
gentlemen who so kindly came, forward, ' and
who have given their services gratuitously in
the" management of the paper.' •, *" ¦
Dear Ixjrd Stanley: I' understand that on
Monday next, the 16th inst.. The Friend will
come under the new.' management, -and it will,
I j hope, continue to j thrive now," that it has
been established on a sound basis.
•Ralph, Gwynne and Landon— selected Mr.
Ralph to act as editor of this book, which
contains the best of the stories and poems
contributed to The vFriend, and also pre
sents a picture of the novel conditions un
der which the paper was prepared. .The
humorous and the exasperating features
of newspaper editing and publication in
the - field are vividly | sketched . by ' Mr. '
Ralph, who ha# improved to, the" full the
delightful opportunities afforded by the
strange experiences of this rare board of
editors. The illustrations include por
traits of the editors In the field and at
work in their improvised sanctum, one of
Kipling's proofs as it was returned to the
Dutch compositor with vigorously uncom
plimentary notes by the author, and many
other full-page pictures. ¦ A book so rich
on the literary side and so; picturesque
and extraordinary :n tfce circumstances of
its origin comes with* a relish of its own
which will be keenly appreciated. - v
Earl Roberts. wrote the following letter
to Lord Stanley, regarding The Friend: .
' . BLOEMFONTEIN". April .' 13. ' 1900. ;
The American early recognizes hia ad
versary as a scoundrel who had figured
In deeds of bleed in the old South.Ameri
can days, but not until the Colonel has
first spotted Carewe as a man who knows
too mu.'h of- his past. Beauvais induces
the American to come to his room, and
there by the clever display of a photo
graph traps the American into an ad
mission that he knows of the past career
ot the Colonel— that he know3 too much
to ever allow him to leave the room alive.
It is no easy task that Carewe has be
fore him, but we find ourselves by his
elde with full confidence that, if he does
not succeed in besting the .crafty Colonel
Beauvais and the Duchess, he will at
least make a glorious fight— and we are
not disappointed. Colonel Beauvais makes
the Ideal villain— a man with ability, with
a "history," without conscience. He has
everything to fight with and everything
to fight for. He sees the bauble of a
scepter falling from the hand of the old
king, and with Beauvais it is to be all or
nothing. It results in nothing, but the
cost Is dear for Carewe.
who has lived his life In varying scenes
from cavalry service on -the plains of
Arizona to dabbling with insurrections In
South America. He Is . now in the ser
vice of his country as. a diplomat. His
American versatility and curiosity make
Jt impossible for him to resist being
drawn gradually Into the affairs of this
puppet kingdom. By an unlucky dip in
the river he meets the Princess. Alexia,
which heightens his Interest in the affairs
political.' And finally lie is in so deep that
to withdraw is impossible. By the in
herent instincts of his race and training
he dabbles first for'the mere love of dab
bling and later goes in head over heels
for the love he has learned to bear
Alexia.
BUGLE CALLS.
ftjjyf '¦' : 3 00^ ¦ ?1 f*H<£ Uaboj* ; QU^stf orj.
John : Henry.
The experiences of John Henry are fash
ioned after those of "Billy Baxter." but
fall . ignominiously before ¦ the delightful
R, H. Russell, the New York publisher,
has.Just brought out a very swell pictorial
souvenir of "Weber &. Field's", of New
York. In addition to a catchy poster
cover printed in delicate tints,' Archie
Gunn has contributed some very clever
wash drawings of . stage celebrities and
scenes behind the curtain. His snapshots
of the brush Include sudh well-known peo
ple as Lillian Russell; Fay Templeton, De
"Wolf Hopper,' David - Warfield, - Bessie
Clayton and John T., Kelly. ' There 'are
also some interesting photographic heads
of actresses and "two photos by Sarony,
one of Joseph M. Weber and; the other of
Lew M. ; Fields— both. in costume. *
A Pictorial Souvenir.
The dedication of all of . these tales of
tomb rotting and epitaphs from moral
cemeteries comes like a wail at
the end of the book, when the reader finds
that It Is dedicated to himself ¦ and that
the author threatens ¦ to write another.
(Published by Doxey,* 'New York.
Price a)
The. lines .entitled "Mankind" are the
mildest that the book contains, but they
give a faint idea of its infelicity:
They do not know that they are wholly dead.
Nor that their . bodies are to • the world given
They pass beneath the sky. forever more:
With their dead flesh the earth Is cumbered.
Each day they drink of wine and eat of bread.
And do the things that they have done before;
And yet their hearts are rotten to the core.
And from their eyes the light of life is fled.
Surely the world is weary of their breath;
They have no ears and they are dumb and
blind;
Long time their bodies hunger for the grave.
How long. O ' God, . shall these dead corpses
. rave?
When shall the earth be clean of human kind?
When shall the sky cease to behold this death t
The "Book of Jade" should be in the
library of every morgue and Cabaret de la
Mort.
to stand the sight.
The book does not state whether It was
written by an undertaker suffering from
acute gangrene or by an opium smoker
who had run out of dope and was hired
by a crematory, to paint the horrors of
post -sepulchral existence of bodies In the
tomb.- It has the same horrid fascination
about it that a cadaver possesses for one
who has a mental stomach strong enough
. On reading into the second half he
would decide that he was too young and
would skip. The first part contains
stanzas about fresh corpses and wicked
women: the second parf deals with stale
corpses and more wicked women.
On reading the first part a man of 36
would decide that, no person under 33
should be allowed to read it.
Rotten rhymes by a literary corpse are
what the "Book of Jade" contains.
Nobody but Doxey would be daring
enough to risk its publication.
It is. the most decayed of all the dec
adent stuff of the decade.
Book of Jade.
.John Lane, the New York and London
..publisher, is bringing out a new^ edition
of George^ Eliot's 'story, r '"Adam' i Bede.^
Tlils volume is of most convenient form,
for.lt is bound In flexible covers and Is of
a size convenient for carrying in the
pocket, yet large enough and also elegant
enough in cover to warrant a good posi
tion on the shelf of any library. T^he pa
per is excellent and the typographical
work large and clear. In form this pub
lication could be taken as a model for all
books that have become standard worka
of fiction and need no elaborate cover nor
illustrations nor freakish printing to
make them sell. It is put on in this sim
ple and yet elegant style that it may be
read with the least trouble and enjoyed
anywhere, whether at home or," abroad.
It is u-ifortunate that more standard
works -are net j published in this present
form of "Adiim Bede."
¦' New : Edition of Adam Bade.
"Text Book of Psychology," by Daniel
Putnam, LL.D., professor of psychology
and pedagogy in the Michigan State Nor
mal College, is equally well adapted for
the' general reader and for the student.
It presents in simple and direct language
a clear exposition of the generally ac
cepted principles of psychology. The ex
istence of an entity which may ¦ prop
erly be called' the. mind or soul is rec
ognized; while at the same time the'
physiological aspects f of psychology re
ceive due attention,' an appendix giving
helpful 'directions for psychological ex
periments and the necessary, apparatus
therefor. A ' chapter . is devoted to the
'moral nature and moral law, the evil
effects of -hypnotism are clearly -Indi
cated, and the subject of the emotions
receives more attention than is usual.
The style Is not involved, nor are a su
perabundance of technical forms of ex
pression used, but every division of psy
chology receives adequate treatment.
Published by the American Book Com
¦ pany, New ; York. Price 51.
Psychology.
In his opening chapter Mr. Serviss has
something to say about the selection of
a glass that will be of interest to the cm
bryo astromer. His maps and studies of
the mooriiare exceptionally good and can
not fall to be appreciated. (Published by
D; Appleton and Company, New York.
J150.) . •_____,-
This book will prove an illustrated guide
/for amateur astronomers and a popular
description of the chief wonders of the
heavens for general readers, j The author
gives a complete series of star maps
which will enable the amateur to become
quite familiar with the heavens. These
maps have been drawn especially for the
benefit of those who have only *mall tele
scopes ; at their command and not for
those who have the* equipment of an ob
servatory at hand— consequently they are
easy of. comprehension.
Readers interested in astronomy who
enjoyed the papers by Garrett P. Serviss.
published in Appleton's Popular Science
Monthly, will be glad to learn that they
now have been printed in book form under
the title "Pleasures of the Telescope."
Pleasures of the Telescope.
("War's Brighter Side" is published by
D. Appleton & Co.. New York. Price $150.>
• And her* \ are other men aeraln, taller and
sturdier than infantry of the line. grim, solid
men, as straight as poplara. There is a ma
ple leaf. I think, upon their shoulder straps,
•nd a British brigade is glad enough to nave
those maples beside them. For these are the
Canadians, the men of Paardeberg, and there
behind them their comrades In glory, the
Shropshire Light Infantry, slinging along with
a touch of the spirit of their grand sporting
colonel, the man who at forty-five is still the
racquet '<¦ champion of. the Britten army. You
see the dirty private with his rifle under his
arm and the skin hanging from his nose.
There are two little stars upon his s>traln»d
shoulders, if you could see them under the
dirt. That is the dandy . captain who used to
grumble about the food on the P. & O. "Noth
ing nt to eat," he used to crv as he glanced at
his menu. I wonder what he wouM s.iy now?
Well, he stands for his country., and England
also may be a. little less coddled and a littlo
more adaptive before these brave, brave sonst
of hers have hoisted her flag over the "raad
zaal" of Pretoria.
danger. What splendid fellows there are
among them! ¦
Here . is ona' wno hails me: the last time I
saw him we put on seventy runs ', together
when they were rather badly needed, and here
we are, partners in quite another game. Hera
Is a _' man of fortune, young, handsome, the
world at his . feet; j ho j comes . out | and throws
himself into.' the. thick; of it. He Is a great
heavy gam* , shot' and has brought two other
"dangerous men" out. with him. Next him Is
an East London farmer, next him a fighting
tea planter, of Ceylon, next him a sporting
baronet, next him a journalist, next him a
cricketer whose name is a household word.
Those are th» men who press into the skir
mish line of England's battle.
glanced at the dirty enthusiast in. the under
shirt. ""What : cheer, matey!*' he cried., and
his , men squared ' their • shoulders and put a
touch of ginger into their stride. Here are a
clump of mounted infantry, | a grizzled fellow
like " a fierce old eagle at * the head of them.
1 Some are maned like lions, some have young,
keen faces,; but all. leave an Impression of
familiarity upon me.' And yet ,-I v have not
seen irregular British cavalry before..; Why
should I be so familiar with this loose-limbed.
, head-erect, swaggering type: of course it' la
t the. American cowboy over again. Strange that
a few months* in the veldt haa produced ex
actly the same man that, springs from the
Western ' prairie. ' But these men are warriors
In the; midst of war. - Their eyes are hard
and quick. They have the gaunt, Intent look
of men who live always under the' shadow ¦ of
It Is an honored name that they ' bear on
their shoulder ; straps. ..'.'Good', old Gordons!"
"I • cried, ' as ' they passed me. The sergeant
under their \ cloud of dust. Who . could con
ceive, who haa seen the prim soldier of peace.
that he could so . quickly , transform himself
into this grim, virile ,. barbarian? . j Bulldog
faces, 'hawk eyes, hungry wolf faces, every
Bort ' of ' face "exce'pt a" : weak one. '". Here " and
there - & reeking - pipe, - here ! and - there - a man •
who smiled, but the most have their swarthy,
faces 'leaned a little' forward, .their . , eyes
steadfast, their; features impassive ' but reso
lute. Baggage wagons were passing-, the
mules all skin and ribs/ with the escort tramp-
Ing beside the wheels. j| Here are a clump ; of
Highlanders, :¦ their ; workmanlike aprons jj in
front, 1 their keen, faces : black' with
months of the veldt.. . _.'•."' -i... . '
ORAL LESSON BOOK IN HYGIENE—
By Henrietta Amelia Mirick. A. B. Amer
ican Book Company, New York. $1.
BLUE SHIRT AND KHAKI— By James
F. J. Archibald. Silver, Burdett & Co.,
New York. Jl 50. ."— ¦•. .
A DAUGHTER OF NEW FRANCE— By
Mary Catherine Crowley. Little, Brown &
Co., Boston. $1 50.
OUR FATE AND THE ZODIAC— By
Margaret Mayo. Brentano's. New York.
$123.
THE FOURTH ESTATE— By Rachel
Challlce. Brentano's, New York. $1 50.
IN - SEARCH OF MADEMOISELLE—
By George Gibbs. Henry T. Coates Com
pany, Philadelphia. $1 50.
MARION, Mass., April 6. 1901.— My Dear
Horton: It is a stunning story and, in
spite of its success, is a stirring, real and
well written novel. None of these quali
ties seem to be essential to success nowa
days, so that to possess them is eminent
ly graceful of you. All of the people seem
to want to-day is excitement. To give
them something besides is certainly gen
erous. I congratulate you with the many
others who have done so on your success,
and again thank you for the pleasure I
received In reading the description of
Crete and the love troubles of the young
soldier of fortune. Sincerely yours,
RICHARD HARDINQ DAVI&'
Books Received.
FR.OM A SWEDISH HOMESTEAD— By
Selma Lagerlof. McClure, Phillips & Co.,
New York.
"Richard Harding Davis shows his ap
preciation of "Like Another Helen,"'
George Horton's recent novel, In the fol
lowins letter:
"Camera Shots at Big Game." by A. G.
WalHhan. with an Introduction by Theo
dore Roosevelt, is the subject of an an
nouncement for a proposed volume by
Doubleday, Page & Co.. very attractive
to all "out-door" people. It will com
prise, perhaps, the most unique collection
of photographs of wild animals, in their
native haunts, ever taken— the master
pieces, in fact, of the indomitable Mr.
WaJlihan and his equally enterprising
wife, secured through a period of twelve
years, in breathless moments of adven
ture on plain and mountain. The camera
hunt Is becoming even more interesting
than the hunt that kills, and these photo
graphs of all sorts of game— animals and
birds— taken just at the moment It is time
"to shoot," tell us why. Many of the re
productions are In the finest phptogravura
plates. v_*
"The Octopus" has gone into Its tenth
thousand, and Brentanos have put it on
their' list- of the six . best "¦ selling books —
and this before the book -has been pub
lished three weeks. Considerable was ex
pected of Frank Norrls' new novel, and.
apparently, its readers are not disappoint
ed Seldom it 13 that a novel with a
great theme— like the battle of the wheat
growers and the railroads In "The Octo
pus's—furnishes the essentials of a popu
lar novel. But this new success has that
rare combination.
A • work of Interest to Latin students
will be Professor Clarence Linton Head
er's semasiological study of "Is, Hlc, Iste.
Ipse." to be published by the Macmillan
Company. In a book of about 220 pages
Professor Header traces the history of
the four pronouns through their manifold
changes in meaning in all the branches
of Latin literature, both Pagan and Chris
tian, from its - beginning to the time of
Isidore. The book* is a thorough revision,
with extensive additions, of the manu
script-which served as a basis for the
abstract J'Zur Geschlchte der Pronomlna
Demonstrativa" which appeared in tho
Archiv fur lateinlsche hexlkographle und
Gramma tik. . : -
The need of a popular but definitive
handbook of insect life, with accurate il
lustrations in colors, is to be met In tho
forthcoming new edition of Insect Life,
by the eminent entomologist. Professor <
J. H. Comstock. The pictures are not'
from drawings, but are actual reproduc
tions of nature, approved .by the author,
who selected and arranged the specimens.
Insect Life, with illustrations in natu
ral colors, will be published immediately
by D. Appleton & Co.
Not th« least interesting of the article*
in the May number of the International
Monthly (Burlington. Vt.) is the vivacious
sketch of the great. French actor and
theater manager, Andre Antoine. Antoine
was one of a group who acted trifltnj?
comedies for their own amusement. Out
of such unpromisinar materials he suc
ceeded in presenting to the critics of Paris
a series of his plays which brought him
Into notice. His "Theatre Libre" became
famous. Temporary reverses came; but
after an unsuccessful fight against an
cient tradition for a short, very short,
time, as manager of the Odeon. he finally
triumphed and the result is his well
known Theater Antoine and the rehabili
tation of the French stage. His energy,
his appreciation of what was good in ror
elgn methods, has revolutionized the
French theater. The story of his strug
gles and succe'sa la well told.
The last issue of Modern Mexico. St.
Louis and Mexico City, appears in th»
form of a Pan-American Exposition num
ber, and represents by far the most cred
itable production that excellent publica
tion has ever turned out. The issue con
tains s!xty-two pases, and Is* carefully
edfted and lavishly illustrated through
out. A striking feature is the full^page
reproduction of the equestrian portrait of
President ' Diaz, by Cusachs. the ¦ cele
brated Spanish artist. Considerable space
In both English and Spanish departments
is devoted to Mexico's interests at the
Buffalo exposition, involving One half
tone portraits of the commission appoint
ed to represent the republic at the great
fair.
The Mail and Express of New Tork sayg
that the Boweii-Merrill Company. th«
publishers of • Maurice Thompsons latest
novel. "Alice of Old VIncennes." lead the
¦list of American' publishers In the number
of great successes discovered by them.
For Mr. Thompson's book was precede*!
by "When Knfghthood Was in Flower
and "The Redemption of David Corson.
Literary Notes.
r>odd. Mead & Co. will publish in _the
fall a book of short stories by Caroline
Duer. entitled "Unconscious Comedians.
Miss Duer's stories In the Smart Set and
other magazines have created so much
interest that a volume of them m per
manent form was inevitable.
humor of the latter. The slang j Is r too
pronounced; in fact, to the ™ ta "f a **» ! «
Is often unintelligible. The book would
better be read aloud.' as all. that class of
literature gains by so . doing, and : many
readers and listeners may , P?**I» fl " d
enjoyment in the experiences of this same
John. Henry, who does not seem able to
express, himself in slang that has a parti
cle of piquancy or creates the «??"j™££
the author evidently Intended. (Published
by Q. W. Dllllngham & Co.. New TorK.)
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Excerpt from
"The Puppet Crown."
(Copyright. 1301, by the Bowen- .
Merrill Company.)
4
WRITERS OF BOOKS
The Books Reviewed
ON THIS PAGE
Can Be Obtained at . ¦
ROBERTSON'S,
J26 POST STREET,
SAX FRANCISCO.
Prices are always in the
Reading Noticfcs.. Postage is
free. , ,
-.¦'• A. M. ROBERTSON.
FTPhe Greatest Novel of Them All I
¦ The Bowen-rierrill Company, Publishers, Indianapolis. 9the , std::fi>4y ca;li^
the late Colonel George E. Waring, Com
missioner of Street Cleaning. New York.
Although she had lived at Fountain Grove
for years, it was not until Just before his
departure for New York, some nine years
ago. that Harris married her. She is a
woman In the rni-Jdle fifties, and of coursa
a. blind believer in the primate.
Harris waa thus graphically described
by Lawrence Oliphant: "The primate had
two voices — one the distant echo of the
other. The nlsh. voice waa rapid an$ vi
vacious; the off one solemn and impress
ive. His hair was thick, and once black,
was streaked with gray and hung over his
ears to his shoulders. His eyebrows were
beetling and bushy; his eyes were revolv
ing lights in dark caverns, and. like his
voice, had a self-arlju3ting focus. His
cast of countenanAj was Semitic. He wora
a Heavy mustache and a long gray beard.
Sometimes he looked to be only twenty
flve years c!d and at other times over
eighty." - .... ;¦;.:.:•.;/! -
Although Fountain Grove -vineyard 13
so close to Santa Rosa, few people there
saw Primate Harris, though he dwelt at
their very elbow for twenty-five years.
But strange and varied have been the
rumors that have floated down from this
home of tha mystic3. There have been
stories about Harris burying an obstrep
erous wife for hour3 in soil up to her neck,
tbat the devil might leave her, and this
New Zealand shares with Iceland fh«
distinction over other parts of the earth
In freedom from all forms of cattle dis
ease.
But the old days at Fountain Grove will
never return. With Harris In New Tork
there is no longer the human magnet there
to attract distinguished people from th«
four "corners of the earth.' To-day it is
merely a rich vineyard, with Prince Ka
nal Nagasawa as manager In chief.
Mary Harris rebelled against this with
all the strength of her Independent spirit.
One day she attempted to gain her liberty
by Jumping from a twenty-foot window,
only to be picked up limp and helpless
in the garden and returned to solitary se
clusion. • ' Then fourteen-year-old Mary
Harris swallowed the bitter draught, de
termined'on release at any cost.
For days before this young girl commit
ted suicide she was kept a prisoner In her
own room on the groundless charges that
she was "stubborn and wayward" and
needed disciplining: The testimony, how
ever, proved that sho waa no mor* "stub
born" or "wayward" than any high-spirit
ed young girl fretting for physical and
mental freedom. 8h» was kept In solitary
confinement awaiting orCers to release her
from her grandfather. Primate Harris.
About flv« years ago Santa Rosa wok*
up . on* morning to find that the llttl*
fourteen-year-old girl, Mary Harris, had
committed suicide at Fountain Grove.
They had not even been aware of the ex
istence of this girl and her sister, so
closely, were the children kept when vis
itor* ware around. Not only were theaa
two girls denied a peep at tne Joyous out
side world of childhood, but they were*
even deprived of each other's company,
as the testimony at the Inquest developed.
¦ Besides the handsome residences at
Fountain Grove, Harris had a little cabin
ten miles back In the hills, where he spent
the hoars In solitary seclusion and in th»
"conversion of fleshly molecules Into psy
chic animates."
was to cure her of objecting to his way
of making platonlc love. Again It was
rumored that whenever a person bad an
attack of the "devils" he or she was kept
without sleep as the "lnfernals" wer«
more active at night time. One woman,
it Is said, was allowed to sleep only from
9 o'clock at night to 2, the other hours be
ing put In at hard work.
Groups ¦ of three: or four persons were
formed in the brotherhood, but, if any af
fection developed they, were broken up
immediately. , Thus",: when Oliphant's self-'
sacrifice had' gloriously resulted in routing
the evil one wlthiij him,- he ' sent ; for. his
mother. Lady, Ollphant' came, but Harris
would not allow her to see her. son, -much*'
less speak to him. ";-•¦'. • . .'
:¦ Harris, when. - Oliphant's probation of
two years ,was up, sent him . to London : to :
gave his' entire fortune, $126,000, to Harris
t# Invest along the shores of Lake Erie.
Oliphant then turned his back on his
brilliant career In politics, literature and
society and followed Prophet Harris to
Brocton. His. name among the brother
hood was changed to Woodlive. He rose
at 4 a. "m., spoke to no one, . received . his
food, from a silent messenger, dug out
cow stables, returned at 9 at night to his
loft', over . the stables containing -empty,
boxes and a straw mattress, only to-be
sent out again In the dead of winter tS
draw water for two hours. Thus at Pri
mate Harris' command did Lawrence Oli
phant, traveler, author and politician,
"cast the devil out of himself." .•¦'-. No't only
did he perform this menial, work, i>ut he
In politics. Harris first tested his com
plete power over' this perverted brilliant
man by accompanying him to the House
of Commons on an occasion when Oil'
phant. expected to electrify everybody.
Harris forbade him to open i his lips at
the critical moment, and Ollphant, whose
pet ambition had been to be a, Parliamen
tary success, was adjudged a failure.
But ' Ollphant, after being recalled from
the .'scene o f -. the : , Franco-Prussian . war,
didn't stay long In America, f. He returned
to < London j and ; with his > mother -.went .; to
Paris. : Here ' he met Alice Le Strange, a
young, ' cultured r- and wealthy . English
woman. They .were .married after great
opposition ' from Harris,; whose permission
test the strength of ' his belief. Re . re
called Oliphant frequently to the commu
nity, and, though. Oliphant chafed some
what under this restraint, he remained
loyal.. Before allowing his disciple to un
dertake war. correspondence In 1870, Har
ris rave him a sign by: which he should
know when ' he must return. That sign
¦was to be a bullet whizzing into a room
where Ollphant was to be seated. ' During
the Paris ; commune, Oliphant; had' Just
turned into a house to avoid a charge of
soldiery when fa bullet grazed j his hair.
He obeyed the sign and j returned to Har
ris }n. New. York at once," though the Lon
don, newspaper, which he represented, en
tered a vigorous protest.
¦ both had craved most humbly.
Two years later Ollphant. his wife and
mother returned to Brocton. His wife
Boon became as thoroughly infatuated
with the brotherhood as he. Lady Oll
phant and Alice were made to wash, Iron,"
mend clothes and raise chickens, while
Oliphant himself was in New York most
of the time attending to the business of
. the community.
. -When Harris pulled up his stakes at
Brockton and came to California to found
. another colony Alice Ollphant was among
those , who accompanied him. ; Ollphant
was ordered to stay East and when ho
.crossed the continent. expressly to see his
wife the prophet said him nay and duti
fully Ollphant returned East. Later h«
went to the Holy ¦ Land and thence to
London, where his wife was allowed to
join him.
.In I May, 1881/ Lawrence visited hi*
mother. Lady. Ollphant. who waa serious
ly 111 at Brockton, and he started with her
for Fountain Grove. She died in his
arms shortly after arriving there. Harris,
it la said, was very angry that any ¦ cure
at all should have been sought for Lady
Ollphant This with the discovery that
jewelry Alice had worn when entering the
brotherhood and which : the prlorate had
taken away from- her, adorned a member
of Harris' household, opened his eyes to
the kind of brotherhood he had joined.
What ha had suspected before he now
thoroughly believed. - This Jewelry in
cident ifl told by Margaret Oliphant, the
popular novelist. In her memoirs of her
cousin Lawrence.
, Lawrence Oliphant and other members
of the ' Brocton community tried to get
back the money which they had Invested
In land and which Harris, held Bole title
to. Harris telegraphed to Alice Oliphant
¦ in England for the aid of her authority '
in order" to put her husband in the mad
house, where it ft said Harris' first wife
was. Proceedings to ' declare ; Ollphant a
'. lunatic had | already . begun, ' but the sane- j
tion of the nearest relative was needed.
At this the scales began to drop from
' Miss , Ollphant's , eyes . also. Eventually
/both of .them recovered the land at Broc
kton their money- bad bought ' • . -¦¦
s ¦-¦ While the « Oliphants ; . are perhaps the
most noted .of .'Harris'.-: proselytes,-, he has
'-. had others of equal wealth and good birth.
I Among the ladles who resided at Fountain
Grove w;as Jane Lee Waring,-. a sister i of
Although past 70 his
remarkably youthful
appearance almost •
justifies his asser
tion.
It was in New
York, years ago!
that as a Sweden- ,
borgian, with . all
the modern im
provements, Harris
first created a tiny
ripple of excite
ment. He easily be
came the leader of
the band of spirit
ualists who believed
with him. With
these people he de
cided to go to a
'distant place and
found a community.
The "spirit" led.
them to a spot
in North Carolina,
which they named
Mou n t a 1 n Cove
They believed that
this was the origi
nal spot of the Gar
den of Eden.
Harris acted as
messenger between
the Lord and his
own people, and owing to his position aa
the vicegerent of God he received and
held in trust for God all the "property of
the disciples and the community, ; But
after a community life of two years the
disciples disbanded and Harris went to
England in 1853 to lecture and preach. '
There he met Lawrence Oliphant, who,
even^at that age, 30, had had a remark
able career. Oliphant, despite his ad
mitted talent, had every kind of "wheel"
except a balance wheel, and became infat
uated with Harris. It was not until seven
years later, however, that he Joined the
brotherhood. • •
Harris had selected Brocton, N. Y., on
the shore of a beautiful lake, as' the spot
for his second colony. He crossed to Eng
land to raise funds for the purpose and
renewed his acquaintance with Oliphant.'
Craftily he held himself aloof -from Oli
pnant after thoroughly arousing his curi
osity. Harris warned Oliphant how hard
it was to get Into the brotherhood on any
terms. This. only spuffed. Oliphant on.
Lawrence Oliphant was then wrapped up
thaX, time Prince Nagasawa has had
charge of Fountain Grove, and under his
supervision the 2000 acres of vineyard
have yielded an immense profit, and the
Fountain Grove wines are more famous
than ever.
But since the departure of Harris the
air pf mystery that shrouded this strange
colony of people has been gradually dis
sipated. Santa Rosa people drive at will
over the beautiful grounds, and a limited
number of Intimate friends are royally
entertained by Prince Nagasawa.
Whether the Prince and the four other
members of Fountain Grove are still blind
devotees of Harris it is impossible to defi
nitely ascertain. But the place Is no long
er the home -and hotbed of the weirdest
communal scheme ever perpetrated. Ac
cording to Prince Nagasawa, Fountain
Grove Is now run on a purely business
basis, the owners living there surrounded
by the comforts and luxuries of any other
•weajthy vineyardists.
Tr»ere are four handsome houses on the
Fountain Grove property. Prince Naga
eawa occupies the fine mansion used by
Primate Harris when he was leader of the
community. The other three houses are
at the disposal of Miss Nicholas, Miss
Parting, Mr. arid Mrs. Hart and tne vis
iting Harris proselytes.
So' the last leaf in the history of the
much discussed Fountain Grove is turned
down, for without Thomas Lake Harris
the future pages will be but blanks com
pared to the vivid chapters that have at
time's electrified the philosophic world.
For Thomas Lake Harris, spiritual
prophet, eeer. reformer, hypnotist or what
not. Is no ordinary man. He was a human
magnet who drew after him thousands of
converts who were as clay in his hands,
turning over to him all their worldly
goods and obeying his dictates as humbly
as a slave.
It .was not the ignorant and supersti
tious who were caught In the meshes of
Harris* peculiar magnetism. People of
wealth, culture and refinement became his
willing slaves, performing the most de
grading menial tasks that their spirits
might be cleansed sufficiently to enter his
brotherhood.
At a word from him devoted husbands
forswore the companionship of their
¦wives. •
Mothers parted with children at his dic
tates. Sons and daughters renounced their
parents. . ',v
Aming the most distinguished followers
of Harris were Lady Ollphant, her famous
eon Lawrence and his wife, Alice Oll
phant. Lady Ollphant died In the broth
erhood, but Lawrence Ollphant and bis
wife before their deaths awoke to the
true character of Primate Harris and his
FOUNTAIN GROVE, founded by
Thomas Lake Harris. Is no longer a
colony of n.ystics. By the terms of a
deed just filed Harris and his wife
waive all claim .to this garden spot
of 2000 acres, situated thr-ee miles f rcm
Santa Rosa an-5 famous the world over as
the one-time home of "Primate" Harris
and his followers.
To-day Kanal Nagasawa, a Japanese'
Prince and near relative of the Mikado,
is at the head of the Fountain Grove
vineyard. Prince Nagasawa was one of
the Harris converts who came to Califor
nia with him twenty-five years ago, when
Fountain Grove was purchased by thece
mystics for a nome for the "Brotherhood
of the Divine Spirit."
Nine years ago Primate Harris and his
wife left Fountain Grove and took up
their residence in New York City. Since
teaching. It was when his . talented
cousin. Marg-arct Ollphant, published their
memoirs and branded Harris as a fraud
and impostor that the reputation of
Thomas Lake Harris belted the globe.
Especially in England and America did
the book make a stir.
Yet now this men whose mystic attrac
tive powers played such havoc with so
many lives is surrounded by great wealth
and quietly living in New Tork with his
wife. Jane ,Lee Waring Harris. An"
Fountain Grove, once the focus" for all
eyes inclined mystlcward, is merely an
excellently managed vineyard. The only
element of romance left is that the man
ager is a Japanese Prince and doubtless .
still a believer in Harris and his doctrines.
Harris to his faithful followers has re
cently issued the statement that he has
discovered the secret of perpetual vouth.
THE PASSING OF THE WORLD FAMOUS
"PRIMATE" HARRIS COLONYthe more convinced did tie j beconie . that
his brush' was fatal to all whdm 'it com
memorated. The landlady, for instance,
a young woman in excellent health; with
several children, who allowed him to pay
off his debt in canvas and colors, had
died suddenly from pneumonia after he
had moved from 'the. house. - ¦
"Kinnow's head .was 'swimming. ' Tlft
beggar, the baby, j the ; landlady, the • boss
butcher— all died within a short time after
silting for : him. His brush' had } been'. to
them like an executioner's ax. L ' \.:_
"As he was going ' home one afternoon
to > rest , and think he- passed : the small
rococo palace where.- Fraulein -DIna S.,"
the ballet dancer, \ lived. Kinnow "had
sent f her portrait from his I studio to: the
annual picture show only a' few days be
fore. When 'he "came; within a'hundred
paces of the house he tried to look away,.
by, paintfriS
Hfs own
Earliest of His Victims.
"About two years ago I began to notice
in Kinnow's studio sketches and half
finished portraits of persons who, being
"For a time Munich . art circles were
alive with the gossip of Kinnow's success.
The Minister of Culture had pronounced
his color disposition 'remarkable,' several
of the older masters had spoken encourag
ingly of his attention to detail.
"But even in this makeshift vocation,
adopted solely to pave the way to better
things, • Kinnow's genius shone forth
brightly. From painting his % landlady
wipe out a threatening board bill, and
from winning money and laurels among
parvenu house-owners, bakers, butchers
and brewers, the young artist rose to the
distinction of receiving orders from, ladles
of fashion and of gentlemen " who had
achieved high honors In. the service of the
state, of science and of literature.
"Kinnow's decided talent for coloring
was eaual to his diligence. He was one
of the hardest workers in his class and
his progress was remarkable, but, like
other poor artists, he had to take to por
traiture as a means for making a living
when he got through with his studies.
years ago' at the Munich Painters' Acad
emy," said Herr Freidrich Seeger. "We
were both poor boys then and the bohem
ianism of penury and enthusiasm cement
ed a hearty friendship between us that
death alone could sever.
In moderate or even, poor circumstances,
could not afford to pay his price for paint
ing their likeness. There were pictures
of bedridden people, beggars, and little
delicate babies, all remarkable for an as
pect of suffering on their countenances.
I asked Kinnow what he meant by throw
ing away his time on such subjects. Ho
seemed not to like the question, but finally
said he painted these people because they
interested him and because he was trying 1
on them some new method of color com
bination. . •
"Meeting him a few days later he toJd
me excitedly that one of his models, a
mendicant of 50 or 60,' had died that morn •
Ing, and when I refused to see anything
extraordinary in this he added: 'But
Marie is dead also.'
" 'Who is Marie?'
" 'The baby with the waxen face and
soulful blue eyes, whose portrait you ad
mired so much the oth-»r day.'
" 'I believe you told me that her mother
was- a consumptive.'
"'Maybe I did, but she died only two
months after I finished her likeness. The
same happened to Father Martin, the poor "
beggar man with the remarkable head of
gray locks, that hangs- over my writing
desk.'
"He. conceived that In some way he was
responsible for their death and nothing
would do but to start in and investigate
the records of other ' persons " who I had
given him sittings. And, unfortunately,
the further he got In his examinations
poi-trait.
"Last November she died, and Kinnow
was convinced that he, not any disease or
complication of diseases, was responsible
for her death.
"Here Is the letter he left about the
pad affair:
" 'Gretchen was lying on the battlefield
of life when I pounced upon her — I, the
raven, -who had already tasted so ¦ much
blood. I sat on the breast of the dying
girl, my neck stretched, beak pointed,
toward her beautiful eyes— those eyes that
were her joy, her pride.
" ' "Give me one more hour, only one
hour," begged Gretchen.
' 1"V'I will not," croaked I, raisins my
beak.
" 'Then a nameless pain shot through
Gretchen' a poor head— a pain much more
intense than that which her wasting lungs
had caused her. Blood ran from the hol
lows of her eyes, darkness enveloped her
• — the obscurity of death.'
"Kinnow was little seen after the death
of his intended. Connoisseurs and art
dealers who had given him orders for
work waited in vain for their pictures.
The , last months of his life he seems to
have spent in painting his . own portrait.
"After It was done he daubed It over.
Then lay down and died." •
Heir Seeger will restore Hans Klnnow's
portrait. says it's a masterpiece— the •
best he ever - painted.— Chicago Sunday
Tribune. ;
"~ '¦ • ' . :
but his eyes Involuntarily turned upon
the gate. On it was an enormous crepe
bow and . in the house all curtains were
drawn|\
.. Sequence of Deaths.
"Kinnow .was half crazed with con
scientious scruples and remorse when he
rushed into my ' studio I to tell the story.'
,His heart was beating like a sledgeham
mer,'. he . cursed his 'death-breeding* art,
and I myself was so surprised by the ar
ray: of undeniable facts that I had no
words to dispel his melancholy ; conclu
sions. - ; . '
¦: s \'Well, we went to work the same night
and found everything ; as ; reported. ' Kin
now's assurances .that the five persons
were i apparently, in good health ;when
they /sat for him were "corroborated by
the family . and friends of the' deceased,
and all - had i died ¦ rather suddenly some
time * after their portraits had been * fin
ished. There was , no gainsaying that,
but where : the causative ; connection be
tween •- the act of p . painting and death
came -in was ¦ a* mystery. . .,.."¦'
/ ; "Though I still continued, to hold up to
ridicule the : idea of the thing, a ; feeling
of horror crept over, me when a few days
later I read in the Nachrichten that Lleu
ftsnant Count ' D . hot . ' had -" ' broken : his
neck on the racetrack, for the Count was
one ; of Kinnow's latest 'customers. ¦; Being
out of * town . for ; a > couple of days the
young, artist was spared- this piece of dis
tressing, news. I was rejoicing over.- the
fact when Munich, society received a se-
verb shock by the announcement that Dr.
L:, a well-known art connoisseur and col
lector, had been run over and killed by
an electric car.
" 'I am the painter of death," he said;
'the death-bringing painter. On his wand
erings through the world the king of ter
rors stops at Munich every little while,
and by mysterious strategem compels his
victims, marked for early demise, to go
to my studio and arrange to have their
portrait taken. There must be some cabal
istic connection between death and my
self, but L won't act as his messenger any
more. It would.be criminal in me to ac
cept further orders for portraits or to hire
models for my studios. They must all
die', "and I cahnot go on playing at murder.*
, "He was downcast, somber, despairing
of himself and • the world, tortured by
fears of hearing of another victim. His
morbid apprehension was so overpowering
as to actually • keep , him from opening a
newspaper. It - might contain an Item
about the sudden death of one of his cus
tomers or model3. -
. : • Death of Sweetheart.
."When next I saw Kinnow he was head
over .' heels in - love ..with a young seam
stress who lived In the rear of the apart
ment house , where his studio was located.
This girl was always sitting at a window
that looked out .upon* his" own. Thus their
acquaintance "commenced. Soon they be
came ; more ; intimate/ :• One , day -. when I
went* to his rooms^she .was sitting for her
Here is the weird story. If any budding
genius of the Robert Louis Stevenson kind
reads it he had better make a note of it,
for "properly worked" up and elaborated
It would furnish material for one of the
most thrilling novels or the most blood
curdling dramas written since "Dr. Jekyll
and Mr. Hyde" saw the light.
. **I first met Hans Kinnow some ten
And thus the curse that attached to all
his work had come true once more and
for the last time. A customer of his own,
he died like all his customers have died,
after he finished painting their likeness.
Hidden away on the uppermost shelf of
a disused closet was found a portrait of
Hans Klnnow, which, according, to the
dats on the frame, was done some time in*
December last. It was a self-portrait—
Kinnow had painted it from the reflection
of his face in a mirror.
of a broken heart, superinduced by
grief and anxiety, but Hans' friends knew
«idl the time that it wasn't so. They main
tained that his brush and palette had
killed him. and a discovery made in the
deceased artist's rooms seems to bear out
their surmise, queer as it is.
HANS KINNOW. the portrait painter
of Munich, is dead. The doctor
who made the autopsy said he died
EVERY PICTURE FROM THIS MAN'S BRUSH BROUGHT DEATH TO HIS MODEL
not going to climb, and they go straight
up 300 or 400 feet.
The gulch is a mile and a half long and
it takes an ore wafon like' Lawrence
Mills' outfit nearly two hours to get
through. But there is no way around or
over. The little old stream is not * ten
Inches deep anywhere, but the sand is
soft and the rocks are pretty large now
and then to be bumped over. Once in a
while a cloud bursts UP between Bullion
and Old Kentuck. You do not: know any
thing about the cloudburst down in Min-;
eral Gulch, with the slit of sky above as
blue as ever. But in a couple' of hours
there is twenty ¦ feet of water- boiling
through the gulch from wall to wall, tear
ing ten ton chunks out of the cliff. That
is how the loose bowlders come to be ly
ine around. • V'
When they got well within the shadow
of that canyon conversation languished a
lot. It is not that Lawrence Mills thought
much about It, having been through there,
drunk and sober, till he became reconciled
to plodding along, knowing there was no
way out of It esceptinsr at the end. He
went right aloag telling The Pretty Girl
about two of his wives back East and
how superior she was to both of them and
that he would, never, no, never, flee from
her. But the Girl shivered 'at the som
berness of the place and forgot all about
the local color, ; though . Lawrence . " was
painting pretty, thick. They had cot well
into the gulch, so there was no turning,
before Lawrence noticed ' the ' cows. v > The
air was chilly, though It had been'blazlng
hot; out on tho mesa. . The slanting sun
came a' few feet down on the western
wall, but all the rest: was deep shadow.
On the patch of lighted wall the' Girl
could see the shadow of a buzzard trail
ing along,
"What's that big bird doing there?" the
Girl asked. . ;
"That's a ole buzzard, and he's loafing
around, to .'git his .beak into something
that's good and dead," explained Law
rence, anxious to show his wisdom. ¦¦
The camp -should have sure' dealt this
hand to French Charlie, who is the only
real cultured man In the Territory and
would make no such breaks as that to a
beautiful and innocent maiden.
Just then Lawrence noticed some cows
around the bend of the cliff. There is no
grass growing in that gulch, the same
needing sun. But the cows come down
there to drink and to cool their feet and
to dedge the flies. The' wagon- creaked up
on a bunch of longhorns with calves.
The way the cows ' were hustling their
children out of that canyon was enough to
explain the situation to a tenderfoot.
They 'were pushing them and -butting
them and talking strenuous to them,- as
if they expected death in the family.
VGood Gawd!" muttered- Lawrence,
staring after the cows as they got their
calves headed downk the canyon' on the
jump. ¦ - ¦..'/¦ ; • •
"What's the ma^er, ;Mr. MillB?" asked
the girl, getting r up but of the blankets.
She could not have j guessed what Law
rence knew, but she caught the terror in
his tone. /
"Oh, she ain't nothin', miss," said Law-
¦,"No foolishness, now!" he yelled. "Can
you all ride?"
."Oh, yes," shouted the girl. "I can ride."
ly. "Nothing that gits on the track has
a white chip's show. But don't you worry
none, ma'am.' I'll riue you out of here a
flying."
To the ears of the startled girl there
came a low murmur. Even In the few
seconds she listened the murmur grew to
a'roar. The buzzard sank languidly down
into the shadow around them. The girl
leaped from the wagon Into the water.
"Loose the other mules!" she cried, for
the roar was now beginning to be echoed
by the walls of the gulch. Lawrence paid
no attention .to her appeal. He knew
something about the gait a cloudburst
travels- when' It is hemmed in narrow
bounds.. *.?'..: .-;•"¦•"'
began unfastening the traces. \-..\'' ¦/•-.
"What's a cloudburst?" she demanded
again. \
"It means that in less than ten minutes
there'll be twenty feet of water just a
hootin' through this place!" he said quiet-
Mineral Gulch is a slit in a big rock
bute. It is hardly wide enough for a
wagon to pull along the sandy bed of the
creek. Now and then there are big
chunks of rocks' spraddled around and
sharp turns about jagged corners. The
sides are of smooth rocks that a cat is
Kingston is up among the Southern
Rockies. Mineral Creek comes down
through the camp' from between Bullion
Peak and Old Kentuck. It is a whole lot
of a stream up with us, but it peters out
when it hits the sands. After trailing
across the sands • fifteen miles it enters
Mineral Gulch Just a sort of dribble.
In spite of all this "The Pretty Girl"
started off with old Lawrence in his ore
wagon. He had put on six mules to make
a pretty trip, and we had chipped in a
couple of dozen jackets to fix a comfort
able nest for the Girl in the body of the
wagon. Some of us boys rode nearly to
Mineral Gulch with them. Had we had
real good sense we should have seen
them through th'e gulch, and the Girl
would have had no such close shave.
"Mr. Mills," says "The Pretty Girl,"
"who killed Abel?"
"You must excuse me, Miss," says that
old hold-up. "I'm a sort of stranger In
this camp."
her. But she said she just had to make
the deal herself.
The reception committee that night ar
gued that we ought to hang Lawrence an
hour or two and send French Charlie in
stead, but the Girl would not hear of it.
She said that Lawrence Mills had most
local color. He was a falr-sklnned man
and burned redder that the rest of us.-
He was sure a burning shame to King
ston and as ignorant as a burro.
The very first Sunday, when "The Pret
ty Girl" organized a Sunday-school in the
Dutchman's, Lawrence disgraced us ter
ribly.
"You're a liar!" said French Charlie
promptly. "There ain't no known cir
cumstances when a girl aims to kiss an
ole hold-up what shaves once a month."
- ANDREW McKENZIE.
"Thank God!" she whispered, taking
Lawrence's big hand In both of her little
ones.
"Blamed if I don't believe she aimed tc*
kiss me," said Lawrence, in relating it
"Oh, don't do that there," Lawrence
said, the excitement dying out of his face
and leaving it full of trouble. "What's
the good of crying; miss, when- wo all
win a plenty?" # •
But she still sobbed hysterically. Law
rence sat down beside her and began pat
ting 1 her hand. Her eyes again wandered
to the flood swirling by so dizzily. She
saw the sheetiron roof of a ranch go by.
Then she noticed an ore wagon, turning
over and over. In the brown ruck of the.
flood she caught a glimpse of animals,
the hoofs of a mule, or the head rising,
then boiling out of sight again.
and began to cry.
The towering cliffs had broadened Into
steep hills, up which the mules were
scrambling. Just below them, tho flood
was sweeping by, howling in disappointed
rage. Lawrence untwisted the chains
about X her feet and lifted, her from her
trembling' mule. She sank to the ground
"We wins! We wins!" Lawrence was
shouting in " her ear, while he piled tho
blacksnake with new vigor.
Suddenly the girl opened her eyes. Sh«
felt her mule beginning to scramble up.
"Cert," admitted Lawrence, simply. "I
don't get no action on up above, but that
girl wins out wfth her little ole prayer. I
wouldn't have taken the small end of a
thousand to one, while we were chasing
down them rocks with the water a coupla
of jumps behind."
"She said her prayers, I reckon," said
Lawrence, reverently, in telling, about It
to the camp. ;
"Which same shore saved you all," de
clared Old Man Henders.
Above the din of the water she heard
the shouts of Lawrence,, as he lashed at
her mule with his whip. Tnere was no
holding up their mounts In such a mad
race. A single stumble on the .loose shin
gle, a single trip in the sand, and that
roaring wall would have been on them.
They cut around sharp curves, barely
grazing jagged rocks. They leaped over
boulders without pausing to pick their
way. Sometimes Lawrence's whip struck
her, but she did not feel the lash. She had
shut her eyes, and was clinging.
"Don't look back!" yelled Lawrence,
but the girl had seen. Her hat went off.
her hair fell down and she half turned
with a woman's instinct toward disar
ranged back hair.
She saw what seemed to be a dirty gray
dam sweeping swiftly toward them. For
weeks the bed of much of the stream had
been dry. The first rush of the flood had
rolled before it great rocks, logs, bushes
and leaves, pinons torn up by the roots
bristling In front of that swiftly advanc
ing wain Once that reached them, and
they, too, would be twisted* into the mass.
Behind this wall came a flood of turbid
water, angry at being held in leash. The
canyon was full of the din of the water.
It churned and boiled, rumbled and
roared, swirling In a hundred eddies, a
single glimpse of which made the girl reel
dizzily, but she gripped hard the project
ing ends of the hames, braced against the
chains, and she clung on somehow.
As their males jumped away they heard
behind them the boom of great waters as
the cloudburst swished into the gulch, a
couple of hundred yards behind them.
He swiing himself oit the other fre«
mule, slashed at them both with his black
snake whip and they tore down the bed of
the creek, leaving four frantic mules
plunging and squealing in the harness bo
hind them.
He grabbed j the chain traces, twisted
them around her feet as she sat astrida
and fastened them deftly to the hames.
"Now you're organized to ride! Don't ba
scared about falling off none."
"Then up you go," said Lawrence, and
he tossed her on one of the free mules.
He gave the hames a shake and a rattle.
"They'll hold," he said curtly. "Never
mind no reins. Grab those hames and
hold on like hell to a sinner. No lady
like foolishness now. , You ride like a man
rides."
rence quickly. "I'm sorry I spoke. .
•He pulled up his mules, who were begin
ning to splash. the water uneasily with
their hoofs', and Jumped out- - He laid his
ear on a sand bar and listened a few sec
onds. . When he scrambled up, dripping,
there was no local color left in Lawrence
Mills.
"My Gawd!" he blurted out. "To think
it had tp'-be you! Now, if it had been
. old Stampede or some other ole cimarroon
-who ought to die, I'd not kick. But you!
*Gawd!" '
The girl was now standing In the wagon.
Her face had gone a bit white, but fier
eyes and her -voice were steady.
"Tell me the truth at once," Mr. Mills,"
she demanded.
"Well, it's a cloudburst, ma'am," he
said. Then he ran to the lead mules and
v ¦»'•-*' *^^^ ¦ .
We all told her about th« ore- wagon
being shy on springs and offered to have
Lawrence pack the whole outfit up to
Lawrence Mills came in on ice. "The
Pretty Girl" said she could not hold a re
ception legally without loecream. Mills
he up and said he could have a whole lot
*f ice sent up from Paso to Lake Valley,
and he would go down in his ore wagon,
" and pack it back with him. "The Pretty
.Girl" said she'd gro, too, as she had some
trunks down there which had splendor
,ln them, the same being necessary to sort
cut for the reception.
"The Pretty Girl's" gratitude resulted
!n the incident in the gulch last week. She
just about beamed over when we spread
' ourselves for her like a self-respecting
camp and decided she could get better
.accuainted if she corraled us all In the
'bank for a reception. That girl was an
Tornament to any camp, but she did not
} realize how much it meant to us. Her-
I mosa had been making us sick with the
l*way they had sawed off on us about a
schoolmarm they had over In that measly
:%1llaee. So we sent over to Hermosa to
'tell them to bring their spectacled girl
over to our reception. It was just too
•'easy that they were going to cave with
'chame when they their school
"i inarm female up against our thorough
'bred flllv.
"The Pretty Girl" came up to this camp
by the way- of the Lake Valley stage two
months ago. Back East her name is Miss
Frances Sanford. She writes things that
get printed. Kingston Is short on litera
ture, bo we knew nothing about "The
Pretty Girl" till she came to us, sitting
beside Bill Orchard on the top of the
etage. The team Bill lashes didn't hear
b! single profane yip out of him during
that drive, which was certainly depress
ing to honest horses. But the camp was
proud of Bill. The camp feels now that
it can lay right back on B. Orchard in
Emergencies that require polish, some
thing never before dreamed of.
Inside the stag© was Senora Finnegan,
smoking the pipe left her by the late la
mented Finnegan when he went home to
ills long rest, accompanied by the report
61 the marshal's revolver. Her name used
to be Francesca Torriende before Finne
gan got her. "The Pretty Girl" had picked
HP Senora Finnegan back at Lake Valley.
£he is willing to give the Mexican a good
character as lady's maid, but objects to
her cooking, as the senora will drop
Cigarette ashes in the pancakes.
It was from Senora Finnegan that
Kingston learned how "The Pretty Girl"
dropped Into their camp. She said "The
Pretty Girl" was In search of "local
color." She surely needed it when she
struck Kingston, for she was pale a whole
lot. Writing is certainly unhealthy.
• "The Pretty Girl" caused a lot of ex
citement. We all met in the Dutchman's
immediately and decided the camp could
*tcnd pat as a reception committee,
fetampede Maxwell thought that we ought
to draw for the parson's wife over In Sil
ver, but we held that our hand was good
enough. French Charlie had the style
necessary, and we were all plenty willing
to buck his play. He said the lady needed
just the comforts of home, so we fixed
up some rooms for her in the First Na
tional Bank. Kingston has not needed a
bank since silver fell and busted the
camp. But the First National Bank is
certainly a swell place, with, Mexican
onyx steps. Henders had been killing
goats in the back yard when he peddled
mutton to the camp, and the coyotes howl
firound the bank nights. But we cleaned
' that up and rustled a first class house
• Keeping outfit for her. making selections
from the hundred empty houses, whose
departing residents could not afford to
rack out their stuff.
Lawrence has not been overpopular
. since \he trouble in the Dutchman's sa
loon a month ago, when he hela five two
spots in a little game of stud— four turned
•up and one In the hole, which he did not
expect to have turned for him.
Kingston then said that Lawrence was
too lucky, and when he »came out of the
Hillsboro end of Mineral Gulch last week
two Jumps and a scramble ahead of a
cloudburst this camp would have voted to
have taken what was so evidently a di
vine hint that Lawrence was wanted in
the heavenly choir had he not saved "The
Tretty Girl" with him. But the way in
¦which he brought out "The Pretty Girl"
on his off lead mule has squared him with
Kingston, the loss of four mules and his
.ore wagon helping along his balance in
the judgment of the camp. They certain
ly were as nifty mules as ever looked
through bridles.
KINGSTON. N. M.. Hay 9.—"Law
rence Mills," who gets his stately
name from the fact that he once
patched the seat of his trousers
»rith a section of a flour ' sack
bearing that legend, astonished this camp
last week by nearly dying of water. The
death merely of Lawrence Mills would
have occasioned no particular surprise to
Kingston, nor is it probable that it would
occasion much adverse comment. But his
death by water would have been a shock.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
6
CHASED BY AN IMMENSE CLOUD BURSTing Eold nugeets to the traders In ex
change for supplies. These two Indians
did ; not live upon the reservation with
their tribe, but " flocked by themselves.
They were well equipped with ponies and
the buck was much given to gambling and
drinking^ When they 'came c into an
agency store they usually ; brought with
them a buckskin , pouch filled with small
nuggets. :'. After laying in their, supplies
the^ buck' would fill , up on tanglefoot and
then ; jijok : for a faro game.' His squaw
went everywhere with him, ' and when he
had lost his gold and ' had drunk himself
into; a thoroughly ; besotted condition she'
wouid^take him up on her shoulder and
carry ; him off to their camp. Then they
would disappear for a time, only to re
turn with another pouch full of nuggets.
• These two : were nicknamed the Count
and Countess of Monte Cristo by a lieu
.tenant 'at' Fort ' Sill, and they were so
- known ; to all ' the soldiers, • cattlemen and
gamblers in , the; Territory. ; Many plans
'•¦ were laid and many efforts made to track
the Kiowa' to 'his .bonanza, but | he -suc
ceed ed in evading them. Asked where he :
r had got his gold he would point Into 'the
west. While drunk one day, he. told how
•he found the gold_ deposit. He had been
following a; wounded bear and the. animal
had crawled into a cave to die." . He crept
in after! it,: and— Then his squaw snapped
-'At the post the » squaw bought : a Win
chester ¦ and then hurried back to her
camp/ Neither her : husband, the half-
all night a body of soldiers patrol the pas
sages and corridors. But the submerged
gold idea Is still In the best of health.
out a warnlne in the Klowa toneue- and
gathered him up and dragged him off.
The Indian's love of . display and his
passion for gaming caused him to make
frequent. trips to his bonanza in order to
get sufficient sums of gold to supply his
wants. At the frontier Dosts he was al
ways surrounded by gamblers, sharpers
and land, sharks, all of whom plied him
.with llauor-in the hope of inducing him,
while drunk, to betray his secret. But for
his faithful squaw they might have suc
ceeded.' i' . ; •/ ¦ ¦ » '
Once, when the squaw found that they
w tie being followed-by a half-breed and
a gambler named Burlingame, who had
hired him to . . track them, the Klowa
woman halted on her journey and made
camp for the night. She lit her fire, made
a lean-to for her buck, dragged him into
it and- threw '. a , blanket ' over him. Then
she squatted by the flre and remained be
side it 'all night. In the morning she
started back to the post alone. Then the
wctchers" entered the lean-to, only to find
that the buck had given them the slip
during Jhe night. They did not follow
th6 woman.
cj=r» LIE that nothing seems able to kill
It \ is the fabl© of the anako fascinating
//~~^lts prey. It'ls always bobbin* up
serenely. Travelers, otherwise
truthful, t**"* It necessary- to put It in
their books: novelists uso It la all good
faith, and it appears In th© papers onc«
in every six months.
Tho whole yarn Is a complete myth. Na
snake has any power of fascination; not
even a boa constrictor. Snakes lie in wait
for their prey, pounce on It and makes a
meal of It, without any frills or etiquette,
but nothing can kill the story. A compan
ion Ho that generally goes with it Is tha
one about the serpent licking his prey all
over before swallowing It to make the Job
easy. There Is not a jot of truth In this
statement either; but since the notion was
started by a traveler with a vivid Imagin
ation, It has reappeared regularly, and
endless books on zoology have copied It aa
truth.
The great British bated-breath story Is
that the- enormous wealth In the Bank of
England storerooms is sunk under water 5
every, night, so as to be secure against
theft. A huge tank Is said to lie under a
sort of platform that holds the heaped
millions, and at the touch of a button tha
whole affair lowers itself into the . tank
and Is covered by about nine feet of water.
This Is absolute bosh; but nothing seems
able to kiU the fable. It resulted originally
from the : suggestion of a mad inventor
"crank" a long time ago. when Ideas for
the security of Britain's wealth were be
ing discussed. The fact is, the whole
bank-buildinsr is built "thief-proof." and
Nothing but Myths
An ex-cavalryman who formerly was
stationed at Fort Sill and who now. lives
here claims to have recognized this Kiowa'
woman as a sauaw, who. with herhusS
band, some years ago caused a sensation
among the whites in the Nation by offer
¦••*"' -. ' '¦- .
To Mary Harbison the Kiowa woman
has been a little rcore- communicative.
She has said that there is enough gold in
her mine to buy the Indian Territory and
build a wire fence around it. She has
even promised that if Mary marries a
good white man, one who can be trusted,
she will tell him where all this gold is to
be found. ' But he must be a good man,
and "they no heap plenty," so she says.
The facts stated above are substantially
as they are told by Mrs. Harbison. She
has endeavored to learn from the squaw
the situation of her gold mine, but has
been put off with the statement, "You
want more some time— me get it."
That gold has oeen used to lift tfie
mortgage on the Harbison ranch and it
has excited a good deal of wonder and
curiosity in this part of the State. The
bank at Dennlson paid out in exchange
for the nuggets the sum of $2000. / -
"Some day me tell you," the squaw
said. "Plenty heap more behind. No say
now. Bad white man he take it."
Neither mother nor daughter had any
idea of the value of the stuff. They knew
only that it was gold and that gold was
cash everywhere.
"Where did you get it?", they asked In
amazement.
"That 'nuff?" she a&ked.
The Indian woman disappeared that
night and was gone six days. On her re
turn she emptied a shot pouch of nuggets
on the kitchen table. Some of them were
as large as peas, but many of them no
larger than the head of a pin. Altogether
there were ten pounds of gold in the heap.
"Wait," she said. "Me get you gold."
The trouble was explained to her— they
had nothing left, not even a home. She
could not be made to understand what a
mortgage was, but she got the impression
that the great and pressing need was for
money.
"Why you howl like pappoose?" she
asked. "Klowa women no cry when chief
he go 'way."
*T ENRIETTA, Tex., May 12.— "When
L\ old man Harbison died, a little
j^ I while ago, his widow and hia
J pretty daughter Mary had more
than the fact of his death to dis
tress them. His half-section was found
to be so heavily mortgaged that nothing
was left for the support of mother and
daughter. Stock and implements were in
cluded in the mortgage and the family
credit was exhausted. After the funeral
mother and daughter sat down by them
selves to have a good cry. The world
seemed very bleak and drear to them.
An old Kiowa squaw whom Harbison had
befriended and who thereafter had been
permitted to make her home with the
family, found them in tears.
A KIOWA COUNTESS OF MONTE CRISTO
That this Indian woman knows where,
there Is a great deposit of gold Is beyond
question, and It Is almost certain that ona
day she. will share her secret with Miss
Mary. , * : ?-V£- y ¦ •
Mary Harbison has many suitors sinoo
the old squaw promised to tell her hus
band where the gold mine is to be found,
but so far none of them has found favor
In the eyes of the old squaw. In their ef
forts to impress her with their honesty
they have overdone It. She says of them
one and all:,;*J» '¦;
"Lick hand now like dog:. Bimeby
break squaw back with stick.". Asd sha
insists that Mary must find a good whita
man before she marries.
"Gamblers call my man so,** she re
plied, so the identification seems to> be cor
rect.
Mrs. Harbison's Klowa woman has been
known all along here as Hannah. Tha
story told by -the ex-cavalryman was re
peated to Mary Harbison, who asked
Hannah, if she had ever heard of . tha
Count of Monte Crlsto.
"Ask the buzzards," she said.
breed nor the gambler were «rer seen
again. The supposition Is that the- trail
era succeeded in tracing her buck to his
mine and killed him there, and that she
found them In his cave and shot them
•down as they emerged from it loaded with
gold. It is known that she returned
alone to Fort Sill some weeks later and
on that occasion bought a -wagon and
team, with which she headed for the Red
River, probably crossing into 'Texas. Be
fore leaving she told how Burlmgame and
his half-breed had followed her buck, and
how she had found their tracks In hex;
lean-to.
"What has become of them?" she was
asked.
in the field . and declare a war of exter
mination against the forces of the jungle.
Plenty of Other Wild Animals.
Besides the tigers there are plenty of
wolves to ' be killed. These animals,
which kill their hundreds of people every
year and slaughter many . hundreds , of
cattle, roam about the open country and
carry terror to the settlements. They are
particularly given to sneaking Into a vil- •
lage and carryings off young children. In
¦one year thirty children were carried. oft
life.
There will be no elephant hunting, fop
these huge beasts are not numerous
enough now to be a menace to the peace
and security of the country, and the wild
herds are protected by law, so that from
them may be drawn the supply of do
mestic elephants. In the sandy deserts
of Guzerat are lions to be hunted, and
all over the country are wild dogs and
wild hogs. Mr. Kipling has not yet told
us what the "jungle people" think of the
situation.
are destroyers of cattlo and of human
from a single farming district
Then there is leopard hunting to be had,
and the hunting of the Indian leopard Is
no joke, for he Is a fierce, lithe animal,
often seven and a half feet long, and his
record as a man-killer Is such as to en
| title him to stand In the front ranks of
the devastating army of the jungle.
Bears there are In the forest 9 forces —
bears which .will attack man and are dan
gerous antagonists — and jackals, ¦which
are. coursed with hounds like foxes and
the expeditions organized on a , scale
never before seen. The organization of
an army of . sportsmen . seems to be the
only way of successfully j conducting the
war with the jungle, and such a war
must be waged and prosecuted with
vigor. It will not do to have -nearly 30,
000 people killed each year by wild beasts
and venomous reptiles, even if the num
bers of the slain would stop at that fig
ure. "When the numbers yearly climb up
it Is .time for action — time to put an army
If the elephants were not trained for the
sport they would turil^and run at the first
appearance of the great cat of the jungle.
The sport, even with elephants, is not de
void of danger, for sometimes a wounded
tiger springs in his fury On .the elephant's
lack and tries to tear, the hunters from
the howdah. And sometimes, too, the ele-
No Lack of Danger.
Hunting With Elephants.
Elephants, from the nature of the coun
try, cannot be used in the hunting of the
tigers of the delta, so they either will be
stalked on foot or shot from platforms in
the trees or from boats. In hunting the
tigers In other parts of India there will be
sent out, where the nature of the country
will permit, expeditions provided with
trained elephants, from the backs of
which the tiger shooting will be done.
This is the grand and stately way of hunt
ing the jungle monarch, the way of Ra
jahs and Princes. When men go forth to
hunt in this manner the outfit is like a
small army. There are the great lumber
ing elephants, with their mahouts or'driv
ers astride their necks and the howdahs
filled with hunters on their backs. Follow
ing them are supply trains with tents and
camp equipage, that the sahib's rest after
the fatigues of the day may be surround
ed with luxury and comfort. Then there
are hordes of heaters, 'under the direction
of experienced shikaris, who beat the Jun
gle with discordant noises to scare the
tigers tn the direction of the elephants,
and long retinues of servants, gun-bear
ers, etc. Rajahs, xnaharajahs, nawabs and
other native* "heavy swells" take a glit
tering part in such hunts, and the whole
affair, for gorgeousness, -beats a circus
street parade.
Plenty of Chance for Brag ;
This region will be one of the fields of
operation for the sportsmen's army when
It takes the field against the "jungle peo
ple," and a sportsman who cannot come
back from the Soonderbun with enough
trophies of big- game to make him a proud
man for the rest of his life, envied and
the admired of the stay-at-homes, is un
worthy of the name of sportsman. One
week's hunting in the delta of the Ganges
ought to furnish enough material for him
to brag about all the rest of his life, and
many reminiscences of big game shoot
ing with which he can bore" his grand
children in his old age. The Soonderbun
lies not far below the seat of the Indian
Government, the great city of Calcutta,
an excellenf base of operations from
which the expedition would start, and the
waterways of the delta can b^e navigated
by small steamers, so there would be no
difficulty in penetrating into the region
where the big game most abounds. In
deed, a amount of shooting
can be done from steamers and smaller
boats without risking the hardships and
dangers of the Jungle trails.
A part of the forest is reserved by th*
Government for a supply of timber, but
in the Darts not reserved efforts are be
ing made to bring the land under culti
vation. But it is hard to get natives to
work the land, even with the most liberal
Inducements, ffcr the cultivator lives In
constant dread of the army of the Jungle.
Wild boars mangle them out of all recog
nition, crocodiles drag them down into the
depths of the noisome lagoons and tigers
bound into their fields and villages to
seize them and carry them off to the Jun
gle to be devoured, or the buffaloes tram
ple their crops and impale the laborers on
their horns.
S The Soonderbun.
The tiger now Is found In the greatest
numbers In the malarious country that
fringes the Himalayas, In the Jungles of
the central plateau and the dense forest
which clothes the low, swampy lands of
the delta of the Ganges. The man who
first called this delta country the Soon
derbun—beautiful forest— must have had
a grim sense of humor, for there is no
more horrible region on earth. The delta
stretches along the northern face of the
Bay of Bengal for 200 miles. Its west
ern half is clothed with forests, while in
the eastern part the shores are mud banks
where the ebbtide retires for twenty
miles from high water mark, although the
rise and fall does not exceed twelve feet.
The Soonderbun region Is covered with a
dense mass of stunted trees growing on
swampy land, which Is fighting continual
ly for existence with the ocean. In
numerable rivers and creeks thread the
matted jungle and miasma-reeks from the
morass. The Soonderbun fairly swams
with tigers, fierce wild boars, buffaloes,
crocodiles and pythons. The tigers swim
the dark waterways, going from place to
place in search of new hunting grounds,
and their yellow heads lit by fiercely glar
ing eyes are seen more frequently than
bosts upon the creeks and rivers which
wind their sluggish course through the
dark and grewsome jungle.
phant; although trained, may bolt and
plunge in his might through the forest,
where the Ipw-hung limbs of the trees
sweep the hunters from his back.
Another method of hunting the tiger Is
to build platforms in the trees, on which
the hunters take their stand while the
game is driven toward them by the beat-
If the Government decides to give its
"great hunting party, all these methods of
bagging the tiger will .be employed, and
t. ' — • ¦
tim, sometimes even into a hut, If he finds
one wlch an open door. «
Into the streets of the village for his vic-
The tiger Is found In every part of In
«ia, from the slopes of the Himalayas to
Jhe swamps of the Ganges Delta. Though
rather given to frequenting grassy plains
and swamps, it Is found also a forests,
and Its favorite hunting ground, unless It
Is a man-cater, is the neighborhood-' of
some old ruin. He haunts deserted cities
and crumbling palaces — a striped mon
arch of desolation, keeping the halls
where forgotten kings once held' their
state. Nowhere is the tiger so awe-in
ppirlns as amid these ruins. In the jun
gle and on the plain he Is simply a great
and savage beast; taut passing with his
noiseless tread down streets of
Jong silent capitals, or pausing in a shaft
of moonlight at the head of some great
marble stairway, with the black shadows
of the tottering walls and fallen columns
around him, he is grand, majestic, the
very genius of the place.
A confirmed man-eater seiects some vil
lage, or may be two or three neighboring
villages, for his field of operations. There
he lies in wait to steal the scraggy, under
fed domestic cattle for his provender "be
tween meals" and to seize his favorite
food, men, women and children, who
ttrsy too near the edge of the jungle.
Snmel litres the wicked old man-eater gets
eo bold "end his longing for human flesh
bo mrcng that he wl'l venture at night
Haunts of the Tiger.
Y"TT NGLAND has another war on
J i hand. This time It Is a war
/ f ' against the army of the Jungle,
* W which Is carrying devastation and
death Into her Indian empire.
? Skirmishes with the 'jungle people" have
groing on for years, but now Eng
land will take the field for a regular cam
ipalgn. So great has become the number
; cf human lives taken each year by the
!wlld beasts and venomous reptiles In In
•¦dla, and so many cattle are destroyed an
nually by them, that the Government Is
•contemplating giving the biggest hunting
I party the world ever saw, a hunt that al
imost would «ause Nimrod, that "mighty
t .hunter, before the Lord," to leave his rest
inn Shinar's plain and Join in the sport.
r In Epide of the constant hunting of tigers
'and other wild beasts In India the tale
: of men and animals killed each year has
increased, instead of diminished, and has
reached proportions which call loudly for
remedial measures.
An Idea of the state of affairs may be
Imagined from the fact that last year tfie
army of the jungle killed 27,587 people and
over 90,000 head of cattle. Man-eating
tigers killed 899 persons, wolves killed' 338
persons and leopards 327 persons, while
crocodiles and Jackals shared between
them upward of 800. The number killed
by snakes was enormous, no less than
24.C21 persons perishing from the bite of
venomous serpents. In return the people
and the Government of India slew 100,000
dangerous snakes and 20,000 wild beasts.
But these killings of the "jungle people"
are not enough to check their forays
upon the King's subjects and keep down
the loss of life and property, so the Gov
ernment purposes to organize a great
hunt, to which sportsmen from all over
the world will be invited to come at Gov
ernment* expense. Sections of the country
In which the wild beasts most abound
will be'hunted over by thousands of keen
sportsmen and the jangles beaten by
thousands of shikaris.
Nat{ves Must Hunt the Snakes.
The destruction of the poisonous snakes
Is a more difficult matter to deal with.
A snake" hunt does not present the attrac
tions of a tiger hunt and sportsmen hard
ly -would gather from the four corners of
the world to kill snakes. So, while the
army of foreigners which the Govern
ment will have In its service is fighting
the beasts a native army- must be organ
ized to seek out and kill the reptiles,
being incited thereto by generous re
wards. The reason given for the un
usually large number of people killed by
snakes last year is that the floods drove
the reptiles from the streams Into the
fields a;d villages.*where they slaugh
tered man and beast.
"When in 1S77 tigers killed 819 people In
India, it' was thought by the Government
that the limit had been reached, and It
•was determined to check their ravages
and decrease their numbers by offering
rewards for every tiger head brought in.
Although 1579 tigers were killed that year
the depredations of the "jungle people"
were not checked, but kept increasing
until they have reached their present
huge proportions. The tiger usually pre
fers as food cattle, deer, wilu hogs and
' pea-fowl, but If he once gets a taste of
human flesh nothing seems so palatable
tc him afterward and he becomes a man
eater. The confirmed man-eater Is an
old tiger, and he seems to kill not only
to gratify his appetite, but from the very
love of killing. A single man-eating tiger
Is known to have killed 108 persons In
three years. Another killed an average
of eighty persons a year, and a third
caused thirteen villages to be abandoned
e.nd 250 square miles of land to be thrown
out of cultivation. A fourth killed 127
persons and caused a public road to be
closed until the opportune arrival of an
English sportsman, who at last killed the
terror of the Jungle.
THE SUNDAY CALTj.
7
GREATEST WILD BEAST HUNT SINCE THE WORLD BEGAN
INDIAN EMPIRE WLL INVITE HUNTERS OF ALL NATIONS TO TAKE PART
IN A STUPENDOUS SLAUGHTER OF MAN-KILLERS/fow Many &x-Presidenis of the United Jtaies tfave Spent Jheir £ater years
ON January 1, 1S62, there were living
five ex-Presidents of the United
States— Van Buren, Tyler, Fillmore,
Pierce and Buchanan. Now the death of
Benjamin Harrison leaves only one ex-
Preeident— Grover Cleveland. General
Harrison spent just eight years as an ex-
President. It
When Jphn Quincy Adams retired from
the Presidency after serving as Senator,-
Minister to' England and Secretary of
State, it was suggested that he become
a member of the House of Representa
tives. He, replied that. to be chosen a se
lectman by the vote of the' people would
be an honor, and for sixteen years, until
the time of his death, he represented his
district in Congress. He died with the
harness on his back, for his fatal illness
attacked him as he arose in the House to
address the Sneaker.
Andrew Johnson was elected a Senator
from Tennessee some time after the end
of his Presidential term, but he lived to
serve only a few days of the special ses
sion of the Senate.
Most of the . Presidents have retired to
lives of comparative idleness. George
Washington led the life of a country gen
tleman on his estate at Mount Vernon.
He gave a certain amount of time to the
reorganization of the army when war
with France threatened, but he contented
himself with the management of his plan-:
tation and the- simple amusements of a
country life.
Martin Van Buren. retired to his country
seat involumbia County,. New York; and
became almost a hermit. There have been
several instances like his. The most re
cent was Chester A. Arthur, who,' like
Van Buren, was disappointed at his fail
ure to achieve a re-election and secluded
himself from all but his intimate friends.
Buchanan was a recluse for seven years
after his return to private life. He had
been much abused toward the close of his
term, and he sought the quiet of absolute
retirement as soon as he returned to his
home in Lancaster, Pa. ¦ . -
Pierce, lived eighteen years an ex-Presi
dent. His home was in New Hampshire,
but he was a Southern sympathizer* dur
ing the, war and so much out of-sympft
thy with his neighbors that he j spent
many of his later years in" travel abroad.
¦ John 'Adams was the first, hermit ex-
President. He was twenty-five years an
ex-President, but he was so disappointed
at his defeat for j re-election that , he se
cluded himself for. a' quarter of a century,
compiling j historic records, and he came
out of his hole only once, when In 1820 he
acted -as delegate to a State convention.
The fact that he retired did riot mean that
he did not take an active interest in pub
lic affairs. ¦¦ ' ' ¦ ' .
V^n Buren yearned for another term,
but could not present himself to , the peo
ple of his party, because he was opposed
to the annexation of Texas. From his se
clusion he wrote letters which resulted' in
his nomination for President in 1S48 on a
Free Soil ticket, but he received no elec
toral votes... .-""• - '' '"
Rutherford B. : Hayes ; took; no active
part in public'affairs after' his retirement,
but he had been so severely criticised that
it -would have taken more than a lifetime
to vindicate his record and make -him
again a Presidential possibility. •'
John Tyler was one of the . active ' ex-
Presidents. Like 1 . Washington, he gpuiy»,
sued the Iff e of a country gentleman ; but
he afterward became very much interest
ed in the doctrine of secession," and took
an active part in all the events led
up to the. Civil War. • • / ' ':¦"¦
Fillmore lived twenty-one '„ years after
his retirement. .-, He was. nominated; to
succeed himself by the American *; party,
but was not elected. He traveled^ great
deal , abroad,' and 'took' a • great interest . in
public affairs. " . t . -.: ; ";-V. ..' :'" ; '':' ,:-\^
Thomas Jefferson " devoted >: himself •£' to
educational Interests, ¦ and'; fouh^d' ' the
University ; of >Virginia;af ter.i his >retirer
ment from the Presidency.7 He personally
superintended the erection of the "univer
sity buildings. ;:,7;'I." : VC7 ; ; .
Monroe had his own ideas on the subject
of ' the occupation of ex-Presidents.* He
held that "an ex-President should not be
a party leader." He was a local magis
trate- for a time, and was a delegate to
a convention. He lived only
seven years after his term ended.
General Grant was the greatest traveler
in the list- of /ex-Presidents. His trip
around the globe has been described in
two large volumes, and it is" a. matter or
familiar history. General Grant did not
take 'any part in' business or public . af
fairs, but he was the silent partner in
the Him of__Grant & Ward, and'his later
days were embittered by his experiences
in Wall, street." Every one knows that his_
. famous book was written while he was on
„ his -deathbed; to provide a living for his
;family after his deaths
,,'Grover. Cleveland, since the close of his
second, term,' 1 has. delivered some; lectures
and furnished some autobiographical con
tributions to periodicals, but this has been
a' matter of courtesy and not of business.
;• General Harrison was the first ex-Pres
. dent .';¦ to die of ? pneumonia, although
George 1 Washington was killed by a cold
and so was 'Harrison's grandfather, Wil
'; liam , : Henry Harrison. Washington's cold
developed into; laryngitis and the other
into pleurisy. John Adams died
of- senile debility. '.,' He expired at Qulncy.
Mass. Thomas Jefferson's death occurred
a few hours 'before' that of Adams, and,
pingularly enough,4>oth died on the -kh of
Juiy. ; . \y: ,.-;¦'
Jsmes' Madison, at 85, died of old age.
Adams had, lived to be 91. Monroe died
of general debility, though he was only
73. The second Adams was stricken with
paralysis in' the .hall of the House (now
Statuary Hall), and died in the rotunda of
the " Capitol. His body , was taken to
Quincy.' -
Andrew Jackson died of consumption
and dropsy at the age of 78, and was
buried on his es;ii;e, The Hermitage, near
Nashville. Van iiuren died of catarrh ot
the throat and lungs, and was buried at
Kinderhook. He v,us the on.y President
who died at his birthplace. '
Tyler died of a bilious attack, and was
buried at Klchmond. 1 'layi^r was &tr.Civ».i*
with cholera morbus after annking a
quantity of iced water anu leeu'm.ik ami
eating some cherries. Poik's death was
eauseu by cho.era. Polk was uar.ed at
Nashville and Taylor at Louiovme.
Fillmore died of paralysis. . and was
buriedat his home in Buffalo.' Pierce died
of inflammation of the siouiach, and was
buried at Concord. Buchanan's death waa
due to rheumatism and gout. He lived to
be 77. and was buried near Lancaster.
Andrew Johnson died .of paralysis and
was buried at Greenville. Grant died of
cancer of the throat at Mount McGregor
and his body lies in. the magnificent tomb
on Riverside Drive, New York. Hayes
died "on his farm in Ohio of paralysis of
the heart., and was buried at Fremont.
Garfield, assassinated by Gulteau was
buried at Cleveland. Arthur died of apo
plexy, and was . buried at . Albany.— New
York Sun. , ' ~:>i ' -
,'Grover. Cleveland, since the close of his
second term, has, delivered some; lectures
and furnished some autobiographical con
tributions.to periodicals, but this has been
a' matter, of courtesy and not of business.
The Hillside Club sprang into exist
ence October 5, 1898. No, let me qualify
that: it did not "spring"— it was the result
of earnest thought on the part of .loiny
ladies,- who recognized the -beauty of our
hills, and the awfulness of many of the
houses. J Its object was primarily to pro
tect the hils , of Berkeley 'from un3iijhtly
grading, and *the ; building of unsuitable
and disfiguring \ houses, to do ¦ all in our
power :to beautify these hills -and, above
"On a side hill, where the hill sweeps
upward and beyond, trust Nature's broad
background and allow the house to rest
closely and expansively against it At
the base of a hill let the troad, pleasant
i.-ice of the home be one's first welcome
up the garden path. On a canyon or ra
vine side the problem waxes deeply in
teresting, for only a base spirit of van
aalism would resort to a leveling pro
cess and the Swiss chalet motif is often
our most picturesque resource, allowing
of course for marked variation- as to
depth of basement." .
- At the meeting of November IS Mrs.
Preble emphasized the necessity of stone,
brick or cement foundations, advising
concrete for clay soils, •which swell when
wet and shrink when dry; also that if
all, to create and encourage a decided
public opinion on these subjects. We de
cided to meet fortnightly to listen to a
paper upon some related subject and the
discussion of the same. We also began
the collection of sketches and photo
graphs of hillside houses, which were
kept mounted and in a portfolio open to
all prospective builders.
TJlie list of members includes: Mabel
W. Sears, Madge F. Robinson, Mrs. E.
S. Gray, Mrs. V. 1). Moody, Mrs. P W.
Searby, Mrs. C. R. Breck, Mrs. John
Finn, Mrs. E. S. Preble, Mrs. J. W. Pack,
Olivia Galbraith Wright, Elizabeth J.
Pldrmer, : Minerva V. Skinner, Victorine
Hartley, C. , Germain Potwin, Florence
Hyde Chick, Mrs. H. Middlehoff, Mrs.
William Rieger, J. A. Grinnell, Leslie
Grinnell, Mrs. .Perry T. Tompkins, Mrs.
.V. B. Dresslar, Mrs. J. M. Pierce, Mrs.
L. Hansen and Mrs. Lydia ; Atterbury.
"Should the knoll be the first site
chesen for consideration, it will' be seen
that as the hill spreads' and broadens' at
its base, so the ground construction of
the house should be distributed' squarely
and well over the surface of the .level,
allowing a more* generous breadth at the
base than at the upper portion,' and while
avoiding pronounced height, so composing
the roof as to continue the contour of
the hill.
part of the contour of the hilly landscape.
We must follow the principle to be read
In the harmony and symmetry of nature,
and if we but come in touch with the
spirit she suggests the harmony of out
line, the soft tints and shades, we can
not go far astray. We will find that she
suggests . distinctive laws for home-con
struction on the knoll, 'the side hill, the
foothill, the canyon, the ravine incline
and the sites favored with natural trees
or a water course.
"The suburban hillside home," went on
Mrs. Robinson, with an enthusiasm that
proved catching, "is a problem; and one
that we must set ourselves bravely and
heartily to solve. However pretty a
town house may-be, it becomes an enorm
ity when transplanted and placed as a
stained and unpalnted wood bears weath
ering indefinitely and grows more beau
tiful each season. Therefore, for reasons
of economy as well as honesty and beau
ty, all paint or stain should be discarded.
The club holds that no colors are so soft,
varied and harmonious as those of wood
colored by weather. To prevent check
ing -or shrinking, sills and casings may
be treated with several coats of dull
brown paint; but trimmings have no place
or reason in good house building. They
also hold that houses built of wood should
follow the natural treatment, which is
straight lines, since towers, arches or
round windows are essentially indicative
of stone or brick masonry, and, therefore,
illogical and ugly in wood, and that over
hanging eaves add to the beauty of a
house with their long shadows, and help
to protect it.
On November *16 Mrs. Searby led the
talk on "Building Material." She said
that the stone found on these hillsides
was suitable for building purposes, but
much too expensive for the persons of or
dinary means, putting down its cost at' a
rough estimate as six times that. of, wood.
She pointed 'out the'fact that the fault of
frame houses lay generally in that wood
was made in ' Imitation of stone arch' •
tecture, to which towers, colonnades, et.\.
Mrs. Robertson spoke on the subject
"Shall We Fill. In?" urging as little of
this as might be consistent with good
drainage, although a certain amount was
cf course necessary when the lot lay be
low the street . level, suggesting that
stone gutters running around the lot and
connecting with the street sewer would
obviate the necessity of any large amount
of tilling in,
An Important point made by this speak
er.-was that the raising of the ground high
around the sills under the house would
secure a dry basement without au expen
sive drainage system. -' -
the soil Is of chalk, weak gravel, sand
or clay the footing of the wall of the
foundation should be expanded beyond
the needed width of the wall. On a side
hill, where expense must be considered,
the foundation can be made of brick pil
lars in steps. . ' v v ~ •'
The house of Professor Charles Keeler.
corner of Ridge road and Highland place,
is the Dioneer specimen of the architecture
advocated by the Hlll3lde Club— a charm-
Ing, rambling, manv-gabled structur-s.
seeming to breathe both as to its exterior
and artistic Interiors Ire very atmos
phere of the Berkeley hiljs.
ALICE CHITTENI>EN.
— T^TIMTMIHniiMMfl TlMftwr r» » ¦ i m 1 1 in m . iifT
Some Berkeley houses that embody the
tenets of the Hillside Club are: Mrs. At
tcrbury's, Mrs. Dresuler's, Miss Brid^
man's, Mrs. Walker's and Mrs. Rlckoff s.
The prettv Unitarian Chu.-ch of Berkeley
and the Hillside School' will also be noted
as successful "specimens.
The meetings of the Hillside Club have
given place to more practical action, of
which they were the underlying theory,
and an advisory beard has been formed
for consultation with all wLa need help
or suggestions. T^te board consists of
Mrs. Margaret Robinson, chairman; Mrs.
Frederick Searby, Mrs. John Finn, Misa
Atterbury. Miss L. B. Bridgman. Miss El
sie Grinr.ell and Mrs. L Bricker.
"They are- better than hard finished
white 'walls, but wood Is better than
either," she repiled. and I am forced
therewith to be content.
"Among other things that must go with
paints and stains," said Mrs. Robinson.
"Is plaster walls. "When you put a non
shrinking material, the plaster, on a
shrinking one, the laths, the construction
is illogical and the result is bound to show
In unsightly cracks." .*
"what do you think cf rough-finished
gray walls?" I asked, trying to find one
littre grain oft comfort.
At another meetJtg the subject of
"Porches" was treated of by Mrs. Breck.
who believes we would be a healthier and
happier people if every builder would feel
convinced that a large roomy, well pro
tected perch was as necessary a part of
the construction as a roof or wall, and a
hundred times more necessary than a.
parlor. There are few days in our Berke
ley climate, the reader contended, when
such a porch could not be utilized by tha
older members, and still fewer when it
would not be a source of health and de
light to the children. The chief point la
that it should be large enough to. be a
real living room, with rugs, easy chairs,
hammocks, a table fon magazines, a few
plants for decoration and a corner for the
children's toys. She believed if we nervous
energetic Californians would build such
porches the temptation to utilize them
would be so great that .we would give
over some of the useless and meaningless
fret and worry of our too often dull and
prosaic HVtes.
The portfolio of the Hillside Club befor*
alluded to is a collection of sketches that
must give inspiration to any prospectlv*
builder, and one builder who has just -.n
ished what 'she until then believed to b«
just the "dearest little house In Berke
ley" began to lose faith In hitherto exist
ing institutions and tz quote to herself a
certain old adage about fools buil'dlnj
houses and wise men living In them and
to wish that she might start over again
under the auspices of the Hillside Club.
Owing to its universal adulteration pa'nt
is no longer a preservative, but If It mui-t
be used, dark brown or red Is the be«t
with' trimmings of cream white. Creosote
stains are highly Inflammable.
On November 30 Mrs. Dressier read a
carefully prepared and instructive paper
en "Shingles and Stains versus Boards
and Faints." She said that the use of
shingle* for covering the sides of house.i
was first developed" in England In what 13
knewn as the half-timbered or Tudor
style. From this it was transferred to
the' so-called "Colonial." Shingles, how
ever, do not blend with the classic purity
of the true Colonial and can only be used
to advantage in the modified Colonial,
when pillars give place to arches and
wh>n the roof talies on more the char
acter of the chalet. All attempts at fancy
shapes or different coloring mar the artis
tic value of shingles. Mrs. Dressier, rec
ommended weather tinting only for
shingles, since ,they are relatively free
from decay, easily replaced and actually
last longer than when painted.
oelong. Another mistake Is In concealing
the color and jrraln of wood with paint.
Her conclusion was that the Swiss chalet
suggested the best ideas for scenic park
architecture.
The principles of "The Hillside Club"
Mrs. Robinson succinctly stated to be as
follows: That hillside streets be made
convenient and beautiful by winding at
an easy grade and as narrow as country
roads or lanes, except in case of import
ant thoroughfares. That trees be planted
the length of the streets, suitable to the
locality and el uniform variety. That as
hillside lots bounded by curved roads are
necessar/y irregular, houses should be
placed upon them" In studied groups, to
avoid obstruction of a nei^bor's view, a
most altruistic principle that every pros
pective builder In Berkeley must needs
approve of. That in house-building only
natural materials be used, such as shin
gles. Bhakes, rjrtigh stone or clinker
brick. That no cil paint be used inside
or out. it having been proven that un-
rchoolhoure will have no cross lights, the
seats being so arranged that the light
comes only from orfe direction, east or
west, never from north or south, and
never from two directions. But besides
this advantage, which Is purely a physi
cal one, the house will mean much to
them as an exponent of beauty of form,
color, light and shade! They will learn
the beauties of shadows cast by wide,
overhanging eaves, honesty and substan
tiality, in the pointed and heavily-beamed
roof. In the rustic supports with the bark
Intact; and harmony of color, from the
brown canvas hangings combined with
the brown, unstained and unpolished red
wood. I feel that it is safe to say that
evpt— child who goes to this school win,
when he comes to build, design an ori
ginal house." «
It Is to prevent vandalism cf this sort
among other things, to point a better way,
that the "Hillside Club" has entered on
Its mission. "When we have a good thing
•we want to share it with those around
us," said Mrs. Margaret Robinson, chair
man of its advisory board and artist and
architect, nascitur non fit, to the tips of
her slender fingers. In regard to the prim
ary school to be built under the auspices
of the club, she said: "The effort was
to put before children something that
would be especially a product of
their own State— a thing to which they
could point with pride as to its materials
and architecture, as distinctly Califor-
Eian. And California has a color of its
own, too— the color that dominates In na
ture. To quote Bruce Price, 'The Califor
nia hills are brown, therefore the houses
should be brown.' Redwood is the natural
•wood of the country, therefore It is natur
al to use it Thanks to the responsiveness
of Mr. Stone, the architect) the new
Here and there, unfortunately, can be
seen the depressing spectacle of some
lovely hlllslope that is being desecrated
and degraded into a commonplace level
by plowing and grading before its owner
shall begin to erect his house. •
If the trail cf the cheap contractor can
be kept from the land, the Berkeley of the
future, beautiful for rituation on its many
times seven hills, will rightfully be called
-Berkeley the Beautiful." Nowhere else
on the Pacific Coast can be found more
charming ar.d ideal horns sijes than the
almost sensuous beauty of these rolling
foothills with their bewildering curves and
hollows and canyons afford.
/"CALIFORNIA vas born a beauty.
I / She might be a professional beauty.
I /«* even. if she would learn to pay
more attention to her adornment.
Her architects must remember that
they are her modistes, and upon
their shoulders rests a heavy responsibil
ity. Heavier than they seem to realize. It's
a pity to see the browns and greens of our
hills scarred by houses that are mistakes:
It's a pity to see knolls sliced off and hol
lows filled by order of a brutal builder.-
Take Berkeley, fcr instance.
8
THE SUNDAY CALL.
ARTISTIC HOMES IN
BERKELEY/^\ NE of the oddest spectacles in the.
(( j] transportation business Is the sig&t
\s^ of an electric cor running two miles
or more a minute on a one-rail
track. Even If It appeared feasible, oa a
casual examination one would say that It
was about the most dangerous form of
traveling that could be devised. But the
truth Is the exact reverse, judging by the
records of the three mono-railroads which
are In existence. There is one In Ireland,
another In France and a third In Bel
glum, and It la proposed now to build
one In England to run between Manches
ter and Liverpool, thirty-four and a half
miles, which distance. It Is said by. the
projectors of the scheme, can be covered
in eighteen minutes.
The line In Ireland, from Llstowell to
Bally bunr.ion, ten miles, has been run
ning thirteen, years, and the company
proudly polnt9 to the fact that in that
time there has not been a single accident
on the road. The cars and the engine are
suspended from a single steel rail, which
rises about three feet from tho ground.
The center of gravity of the cars is be
low the rail, which takes away the pos
sibility of the trains leaving the track.
An odd arrangement of the "points," as
railroad switches are called In Great Brit
ain, Is seen nt the terminals of the line,
where a section of the rail turns on a
piv*ot, connecting with any one of several
tracks.
Tlie use of electric rower permits the
employment. of a novel kind of blook. In
a line of anv considerable length tnesu
blocks would be, say, four milea long.
When a train f 3 on one block the current
would" be supplied to that block and tha
block behind It would have no current, bo
tliat there could be no possibility of roar
end collisions. Thus, no two trains golni;
In tho same direction could get within focr
• miles of each ether. v i ¦
One-Rail Zlsclric Road Jhat
Makes Jwq Miles a Minute.
It is something for our citr to be proud
of to know that this unselfish work for
the sake of music itself is being done and
that we have . on the extreme
edge of our continent a club of male
voices which by competent critics is said
to be fully as good as any one of the best
similar organizations In New York, Bos
ton or Philadelphia. ~ ! :*r
- Already the committees are contemplat
ing having an exceptionally important
series of concerts during the. twenty-fifth
season, their seml-Jubllee, but in the
meantime tho rehearsals are being held
for the last concert of the twenty-fourth
season, to be held within a short time. .
The membership of the organization Is
strictly on an amateur basis; that is, each
Ective member works for the club as an
amateur, and no matter how prominent a
part he may take in a concert it is as an
amateur member of the club.
For an organization of this kind to have
been In existence twenty-four years and
to.be as strong and healthy now as ever
It was proves conclusively that the policy
of the club, which has been to keep
strictly to its established high standard, Is
good business policy. In reply to an in
quiry as to when the business of the club
is transacted it Is explained' that once a
month a business meeting is held after
the rehearsal, but as the club at the be
ginning of each season places control of
the arrangements for the season In the
hands of several committees thcs« busi
ness meetings are principally to hear the
reports of the committees and the treas
ury. The Income of the club Is derived
from the active members and also from
a limited number of associate members,'
who, by their associate membership, are
entitled to tickets for each concert In the
event of there being any extra expense,
say for a. small orchestra, the active mem
bers In such a case do not hesitate to as
sess themselves. V A11 this is done to main
tain that high artistic standard, to which
the club In the beginning determined to
adhere.
The last two pieces studied that even-
Ing were two of Dudley Buck's, one be
ing a setting- of Tennyson's "The Bugle
Song" . and the other "The Chorus of
Spirits and Hours," from Shelley's "Pro
metheus Unbound," two very different
compositions, yet two which are certain
to make a ureat effect at the concert
when they are sung.. The printed copies
of these state that the accompaniments
are for piano, organ, string quintet and
flute, and : the writer was Informed that
the fuir accomDanlments will be used at
the concert, which doubtless will enhance
the- efl>cf considerably; but even with
the piano alone and at this early stage of
the work it Is evident that they are fine
compositions and are sung by the club
con amore. Then the director announces
that this Is 'all for the evening, and In
stantly discipline is again relaxed and the
air of hearty good-fellowship is evident.
use it is 'surprising that there are not
more errors of this kind), but to this the
director seemed to pay little heed, simply
remarking, "No solos, gentlemen," for, as
he afterward explained,- when any one In
dividual has suns a "solo" of this kind
once he. very rarely does It again, so that
there is ' practically no correction neces
sarr. •
At this stage of the rehearsal tho sec
retary called the roll and the members
had a ten minutes' rest, when they moved
around and had a chat with any one
whom ithey wished to see who might not
have happened to be ; sitting* near them,'
while, the air of good-fellowship which'
seemed to pervade - the whole; club sug
gested how healthy the. organization is.
In these few minutes one could see that
the director placed himself on an equal
basis with the. others as one, of .the mem
bers, but .whenever he again rapped on his
desk for attention each man resumed his
original seat, and there was absolute at
tention and discipline. '. . ;
"The Dreamy Lake". of Schumann Is, a
very delicate composition,., which must
necessarily be, sung' with great care. In
this occasionally a single, voice could be
heard singing through -a rest or coming
in at the, wrong time (and considering- that :
in a majority of these pieces single-voice
part3 of the music are' what the chorus
Next there is taken up a dashing setting
of the "Eedouin Love Song", by Arthur
Foote, a Boston composer, who, even If he
had never written anything else, has cer
tainly by this one composition established
his claim to be a clever musician of the
front rank. Even at this early rehearsal
the singing of 'his number by the club is
most exhilarating. It goes with an aban
don and dash which is rarely heard. In a
chorus, but this does not satisfy the di
rector. A few measures on the last page
are not sufficiently emphasized; there is
not a large euovgh crescendo on one long
sustained chord, • and particularly he In
sists that the very last chord of the piece
ehall.be sustained" fortissimo to tho end
and then . that every voice shall stop as
one.; "Patience, gentlemen," quietly re
marks the conductor. "It is worth"^ the
trouble." After this Is tried two or three
times It Is marvelous how great, an Im
provement becomes noticeable in the cli
max of the song.
Following this the first basses are drilled
very carefully in Johannes Pache's
"•Moonrise," in which these voices have
quite a prominent part, the director with
just the suggestion of a twinkle In his
eye reminding them that it is not neces
sary to extemporize or to compose as they
go along, as probably what the composer
wrote was written for some purpose! This
was apropos of one slight break where
two or three voices sang a G sharp In
stead of a G natural,' which .was immedi
ately corrected.
But the baton again signals for the club
to sing together, a stop being made to ex
plain that the crescendos are much too
abrupt and the decrescendos' not smooth
enough. The serenade is immediately fol
lowed by the "fihine Wine Song" of Men
delssohn, which, at the third singing, is
taken with a dash which is electrifying,
this, result following a very careful study
of , the piece and- a caution from the di
rector that the dotted eighth and six
teenth notes must be most carefully
marked— and they certainly are.
nify 'pretty powerful'; they are generally
understood to mean 'very soft,'" where
upon there is a long-drawn "Oh I" from
the chorus, suggesting that the same in
quiry and same reply have been heard
before. , . , " '.-.'' '. .
Then the two librarians give further
practical evidence of .how well they un
derstand their duties. One gathers up
from the men sitting on the seats next
out that on such and such a page the ral
lentando was not unanimous. Iiamediate
ly the pianist patterns the phrase, and
these few measures which were 'not satis
factory to the director are gonenover per
haps half a dozen times until the ciub
answers his baton with confidence and de
cision. Then again he points out that the
three lower parts are singing too loudly,
and with a little plaintive humor he sug--,
gests that perhaps it >is Just as' well that
the first tenors also should be heard! The
piece is then sung through again, but this
time wherever there is a weak spot a stop
is made, and whichever part is at fault
Is told of It, and that part alone perfects
the few measures that are shaky. At the
conclusion the director with a gmlle says':
"Generally good, generally good, but too
strong in parts, and, gentlemen, please
accent the bell effect in the middle sec
tion." This also 13 now Improved until
the effect produced satisfies the conductor.
During a pause there is a voice from the
second bass, "Mr. Lorlng, I notice In my
copy quitf! frequently the sign 'p. p. 1 May
I ask what It means? I notice that most
of the men sing this more loudly than the
other parts not' so marked." "Oh!" re
plies the director, "I perhaps should have
explained that the two letters do not slg-
the center aisle ttie copies from their re
spective rows (by the by, the seating is
arranged in four rows with a division up
the middle so' that there a,re r^illy two
choirs), .while the other librarian distrib
utes copies of thenext piece for rehearsal.
This happens to be a tender little sere
nade by Eisenhofer. It has evidently
, been sung before, and the. director must
there is some weakness, for he takes
\the parts separately;. second tenors alone,
first bass alone, first tenors' alone, second
bass alone, and then he takes, them to
gether; and here one cannot fall' to ob
serve tha,t np matter 'whether there Is
being rehearsed a single, part or the en
tire choir, the' conductor Insists that.all
the nuances in the composition ' under
study shall be observed. •
After it is finished the director points
TIME! time! gentlemen." With a
laugh the word is repeated in the
hall and corridor, and immediately
about fifty or sixty men take their
seats without any confusion or bua
tle while exchanging a flre of good-na
tured banter, two or three email groups
finishing off their conversations which
had been going on prior to this stentorian
interruption originating from a gentleman
seated in the center of the places allotted
to the barytones of the chorus.
It» is a very pleasant couple of hours, a
rehearsal of the Lorlng, Club, at least"
from a spectator's point ofj view, and, al
though there is a great deal of hard work
accomplished by the director and the gen
tlemen of the chorus within that time, yet
it is fully evident that whatever labor
there is. Is a "labor of love."
For four and twenty yeara the Lorlng
Club of San Francisco has been one of the
most popular and yet at the same time
most uncompromisingly artistic of the
musical organizations of the Pacific Coast.
The club regularly gives four concerts in
each season, these concerts belns con
ceded to place the club In the front rank
of musical associations, and easily one of
the six best male voice societies in the
United States. The tickets for the con
certs ' are always in great demand, al
thoush they can be had only through tho
courteey of the active and associate mem
bers at the club, and the audiences are
of the most cultured and fashionable of
our city. It must have occurred to almost
any listener at the club's public -perform'
ancos that such excellent concerted work
must necessarily mean a great deal of
preparation, and it was with the view of
seeing "how It Is done" that the writer,
attended a recent rehearsal. '
It has Just been mentioned that, there
was no delay or confusion In the member*
finding their places prior to the beginning
of the rehearsal and this, though appar
ently a small matter, is very BUggestive
of wuat assures the continued artistic
success of the club, for everything is well
managed and nothing is taken for grant
ed. Each member has his own place, the
chorus being seated at a concert in exact
ly the Mine order as at every rehearsal,
and any one who has had -experience ot
choral music appreciates how well calcu
lated this is to give confidence when It
comes to performing in public.
But now the director has taken his place
on a platform slightly raised above the
accompanist and chorus— the accompani
ment at th<* rehearsal Is that of piano.
The two club librarians have distributed
copies of the first number to be rehearsed; t
and while this was being done an onlook
er could not fail to be struck with the
expeditious and skillful way -in which
these two gentlemen supplied each mem
ber with a copy, all the time being sub
jected to a running. fire of chaff, which
evidently they were able to return In sev
eral instances with Interest ¦ •
This first number Is Schubert's dainty
"The Gondoliers." The conductor lifts his
baton and immediately there is absolute
quiet, the pianist playing the opening sym
phony with as much care as if the occa
sion were a concert. The' piece is read
through, and very excellently read, too.
WITH THE SAN FRANCISCO SINGERS AT A LORING CLUB REHERSAL.
Preparation of literature for the cam
tpolm demanded the .presence of Mr.
[Heath in the East as he had been at the
(heed of the Republican literary bureau
since the campaign of 1S98. Mr. Kerens'
(followers In Missouri were ' waging a'
fitrong campaign for control of the State,
kind his services there and at Republican
In the heated days of the last national
campaign, when "William J. Bryan was
preparing for his second invasion of the
East and Theodore Roosevelt was mak
ing h's whirlwind tour of the West, two
/national Republican leaders were duck
rhoot!n* in Utah. They were Perry 8.
Heath and Richard Kerens.
While some few may. continue to prac
tice polygamy the new leaders of the
ichurch will be business and political lead
ers. Behind them they will have one cf
the most powerful political machines of
the country— a machine which even Tam
xnary would envy, reaching as it does
«very member of the church. In the of
fices of the apostles they may lay what
ever plans they will, and depend upon the'
Mormon people to carry them out
And there Is good reason behind this
pressure. The secor.d generation in the
church have lost much of the spiritual
longing that led their parents across was
and continents to join the New York
prophet and his successor. They have
been touched by the spirit of*Amencah
business end politics and the leaner* have
recognized that they are In such position
that It would be far more profitable to
place themselves in touch with American
life and gain concessions by conciliation
than to^stand as outcasts In tho country
which is meeting with such commercial
prosperity.
Signs of this abandonment of the prin
ciple have been multiplying in Utah as
the authority of the older men has waned.
Most significant of these are the facts that
within two years the strongest rule of
Joseph Smith and Brigham Young has
been broken, and Orrin W. Woodruff was
r.omed as a member of the sacred twelve
apostles before he had been marrUd even
once, while Heber M. Wells. Governor of
Utah,, himself born In polygamy, and a
von of one of the strongest champions of
the system, has refund to sign a bill to
prevent the prosecution of polygamlsts
In the S*tate.
Xot the least of the changes expected
Is the abandonment of polygamy .as an
active tenet of the religion. Plural mar
riage never has been popular among the*
2f crznons. Even In the days when Brig
ham Younj, with autocratic power over
the affairs- and even the lives of his fol
lowers, enforced the practice by command
end revelation, scarcely 5 per cent of the
people could be induced to sanction the
doctrine. .
Men who Bought place In the church,
ether* who In fanatical zeal wished to
totiJfy by sacrifice to their belief in the
revelations of their prophet, and still oth
ers who feared, the authority of the
church oSldols, took plural wives, but the
great body of educated and influential
members refused.
In the second generation the spirit of
opposition to the practice has been shewn
more strongly. With free education in the
centers of population and constant contact
with p*"' . cf the world has come a de
termination to live In accord with the so
cial doctrines of the country. And what
Is most significant is that the most de
termined foes of the continuance of plural
marriage are those born within it, ar
rayed against It because of the strong
feeling of their mothers.
Liberal elements in the Mormon church
have long whispered that the passing of
the first generation of the men who were
closely In touch wth Joseph Smith and
Brigbam Young in the organization and
reorganization of the church and in its
days of emigration and trouble would
mark a revolution In the conduct of the
Mormon people. And with George Q.
Cannon passed the power of the first gen
eration.
Mormonlsm of the past, with its defiant
championship of polygamy, has presented
a social problem that has taxed the in
genuity of our national statesmen. Mor
monlem of the future, with bold assertion
of c right of ecclesiastics to share in the
authority of the State, will present a po
litical problem of even greater Importance
fend perplexity.
«¦* jf OHMCWISM'8 fourth dynasty,
(\/\ J n th« words of the Book of
I j Mormon, has "coma to paes."
I With George Q. Cannon gone to
claim the throne celentlal allot
ted to all faithful followers of Joseph
Smith, a new leader mutt arise for the
.people, mho in seventy years have grown
from a farmer boy's dream to control the
Irlcbest valleys of the Hoclty Mountains.
JNot alone must a new leader be found,
put he must come from the second gen
fcrallon and must bo the suldo In a new
<era In Mormon affair*, in which tho
'American people will have not a little
concern.
And, perhaps, it is a coincidence also
that in the fall Elections Utah, which had
gone almost unanimously for William J.
Bryan in 1SD6, and had been consistently
Democratic since, should swing to the Re
publican column with more than 5000 plu
rality; that Wyoming should be Repub
lican, and that In Idaho the result should
have been in doubt for two days, bectfuse
the lower counties, In which th«e Mor
mons hold power, swung .back- io. the Re-.
Of course It was merely a coincidence
that Mr. Roosevelt should come whirling
to Utah- Just at' that time, and that he
should .be met at the State line by apos
tles of the Mormon church and should be
invited 'to visit the Mormon ofllces, dec
orated, wfth flags and lithographs of the
President and himself.
heelQunrters seemed to be In strong de
mand.
Yet these two shrewd politicians found
time to quit the Held where tho battle wrv»
raging most fiercely, and to *eek shoot-
Ing In far off Utah. It happened, how
ever, that while there they met leading
member* of the Mormon church and wefo
entertained by apostles and bishops. It
happened also that Urn Mormon leaders
hud been frightened by the summary ac
tion In the cure of I i, n. Roberts and tho
encouragement tlii* had given to the reli
gious societies that were preening for a
constitutional amendment which would
place the enforcement of the anti-polyg
amy laws In the hands of Federal mar*
£hcls and judges.
publicans, after being Democratic for four
years.
This is merely an incident, but It Is
what observers of Mormon methods had
predicted. They had declared that the
Mormon vote would be under the control
of the Mormon leaders, and that States
would be swung- in the West according
to the Interests of those in control. In
this case they are pointing out that noth
ing officially has been done since the elec
tion to encourage those who desire to ha
. rass the Mormons and -that the Repub-
dissolved. !Its adherents flocked to the
Democratic party, because that organiza
tion had never advocated strong legisla
tion against polygamy.. "With a Repub
lican. administration in power, however,
this was considered impolitic, and ample
proof, has been furnished that members
of the twelve apostles went through tho
Territory and In secret priesthood meet
ings picked out men hjtjh in the church
and ordered them thereafter to stand as
Republicans. . The result was'that by 1895
the new State was so divided that a mere
Power to accomplish such' results, is not
to be regarded l'ghtly. And it is a real
power. The people of Utah have not for
got how the division on party lines was
accomplished between 1S91 and,'l£95, when
the church leaders decided it \ would be
best .to abandon "the old church Vnd^anti
churc'h fi^ht. T ,'¦¦.. -^ ¦.''¦¦*¦*
WitWn one'Cightthe Mormon party was
Mean national leaders have been Inclined
.to treat the movement for an-anti-polyg
amy'amendment with the utmost Indiffer
ence. • ¦".*' '•'... .'-•'
criticism of Democratic candidates by the
president of the Mormon church was suf
ficient to throw the State to the Repub
licans.
Nor "do the church leaders now conceal
their determination to hold political pow-\
er. Their last manifesto. Issued In the'
nature of a revelation, specifically declares
that no officer of the church shall accept
a political nomination without having ob
tained the consent of his ecclesiastical su
periors.; No Mormon of any demonstrated
ability is free from this rule, as all such
The contest for control will com* over
the position 'of first counselor to the
president, the prime minister In the Mor
mon government This George Q. Can
non held during three administrations,
and the bestowal of the place will serve
notice on national politicians with whom
they must treat to gain the old of the
Mormon church.
Another is Francis M. Lyman, chief of
the movement which divided the Mormon,
people equally, and ally of George Q.
Cannon, in the final days of struggle In
the third dynasty. Two others art John
Henry and Joseph F. Smith, nephews of
Joseph Smith, already strong In politics,
leaders of Republicans, who demand pow
er because of -the allegiance they gave to
the church when Joseph Smith's son drew
a faction away from it
Around him will be grouped strong
apostles, who will struggle for the mas
tery J One will be Heber J. Grant, whose
influence was responsible for the nom
ination of B. H. Roberts, and who almost
elected A. W. McCune to the Senate two
years ago In a trial of strength In the
Legislature wltb George Q. Cannon.
Brlgham Young, son of the second great
leader of the church, will probably be
elected after Mr. Snow^s death to th«
chair of the prophet He, however, will
not be the real leader of the church.
"Who will be the new real leader of the
Church? This is the question now" asked,
by the people of Utah. Lorenzo Snow Is
the president, but he la old and his one.
idea Is to pay the debts of the church and
leave a well-oiled machine to his suc
cessor. -'.-.,
are members of. one of .the ouorums of
elders.
Those who obey placo themselves under
the absolute control of the leaders of tha
sect. Those who disobey must face to*
secret opposition of the powerful priest
hood, w,hlch ranches from the church «f
flceo In Salt Lake City to every homo In
tho Mormon settlements extending from
, Alberta, Canada, to Chihuahua, Mexico.
Utah alone I* not affected, either/ Mor
mon towns are extended all along the
backbone of the Rocky Mountains. Idaho
*nd Wyoming, In any close election, now
are practically dominated by the Mormon
votes. Church *ettlers*have been taking
up valuable lands In Colorado and Immi
grants sent to thin country from Europe
by the elders In that field are bain* col
onized In all the surrounding States. New
villages are constantly springing up In
Nevada, which la regarded as a fruitful
field for Mormon endeavor, while to the
north and south of Utah a continuous
line of towns Is being established.
That there are rich prizes to be grasped
by those who will wield such power no
body can doubt Government Influence
can be exterted In a thousand and one
ways to help the Mormon propaganda. In
fluence In the new colonies of the United
States, recognition and protection of mis
sionaries abroad by the American diplo
matic authorities, business and political
1 opportunities at home can be had by those
who can at a close national election prom
ise to. cast to any party the electoral votes
and Senate seats of perhaps half a dozen
States.
TPOT1 SUNJDAT ' CAMj. ; v :
9
Valid faJAorlng.
NEW MORMON DYNASTY WILL SEE STRENUOUS EFFORT
OF CHURCH TO CONTROL STATEmeet uniformly ftVe feet nVa Inches, few
exceeding or falling below this stature.
Their skin Is blackish brown, sometimes
light brown individuals are seen.
Their hair is black and grows very
In culture tha Australian aboriginals
stand about on the level of the Europeans
of the stone age. They do not know
how to treat or use metals, though, of
course, when they live near white men
they gat Knives and hatchets from them.
Even so, they have been seen to eat with
their knives and to . cut food with their
*hatclieU. No wonder Big Jim at the mine
refused to\give them any more of • these
utensils. He said it was encouraging bad
table manners. "Leave, them alone. with
their stone spoons and they behave well
enough;' give them our articles and they
behave no better than Courthouse "Jack,
the fellow that Norah' wouldn't marry
after she'd seen him at dinner."
their handiwork, and when found Is of a
childish character.*- Their weapons :are:
spear, club and shield, which are handled
with ,wonderful 'dexterity. The spear , is
generally hurled by means of a throwing
Btlck called a wlmmera, A weapon pecu
liar to tho Australian ' aboriginal is ; the
boomerang— a' flat stick of . crooked wood
more or less bent. -This ls^an original In
vention of the Australian native, : and has
the peculiar quality of flying very far and
very high and in some cases ' of return
ing to the thrower. . v
Though the Australian native Is-, of in
ferior Intelligence,, he Is remarkably ex
pert in all matters pertaining to. the hunt.
simple .lie easily enough , and are by no
means* averse to. cheating they cannot
invent * any/ elaborate untruth or, tell a
tale,'; as "they are', almost devoid .of Imag
ination. 'A man who comes home late sel
dom risks telling his ,wtfe that a kangaroo
hunt 'detained him,' for he has learned by
sad experience' that it is ten to one he
will let , out' something . next day about
how ( many spearheads he won.
v They live . in bark! huts « of the rudest
description , and do not form villages or
•towns. "-Their possessions consist of a few
' simple . tpol3 * and weapons, such as • are
easily, carried about.. Now and then they
work for;. white men as station hands or
thickly on both sexes. The men have long
beards, covering cheeks, chin and lips, and
also a good deal of hair all over their /
bodies,/ especially on the legs. Their hair
is rather wavy and' tends to fall into curls.
Their skulls are very strong, but have N
only a small interior capacity. The eye
brows and Jaws are often exceedingly
prominent The sides of the nose are
broad and flat and the nostrils are wide.
The cheekbones are broad and the mouth
large with full but not protuberant lips.
The forehead is rather low and in many
instances of a retreating character. -The
expression of the face is so characteristic
that it Is almost always easy to recognize
an . Australian aboriginal if one Is famil
iar with the type.
All over the continent the bodily and
mental qualities and the Intelligence are
so uniform as to make it "certain that
the race had a common origin and has
been almost completely Isolated from oth
er branches of the human family for a
very long period.
« «p ffHEN we epeak of an American
\.\\ff we don't really mean an Ameri-
Xjyy can at all. We have no refer-
ence to the man who wears
feathers Instead of letting his wife do so,
and who prefers nuts and roots to pate
da fole gras.
Just so when we 6peak of an Australian
we do not mean a bushman. We mean
the white stranger within the Australian
gates, the man who has claimed another's
Inheritance. Upon the same principle, a
•"New Zealander" is white, while the na
t\ir* of New Zealand must be called a
Jtiori. When you want to talk about the
b^na fide Australian native, call him an
"aboriginal." He very likely will not an
srwer to the name, but that does not mat
ter particularly. It Is often pleasanter to
have an Australian native not answer.
Bay VJjlack fellow," though, within ear
shot of him and he knows that he Is con
cerned. In the colloquialism of the "Aus
tralian," he is always a "black fellow."
The aboriginals, then, or "black fellows"
ef Australia represent one of the lowest
types of the Inferior human races. They
are of unprepossessing appearance, their
bodies being very thin; their legs straight
and almost without calves. • This general
leanness is probably due to their food,
which is chiefly animal, the principal
Items of their diet being marsupials,
echidnas, birds, snakes, lizards, crayfish,
Bhellflsh and eggs of birds or reptiles.
Nothing is more delicious to an abori
ginal epicure than a fine kangaroo steak
for breakfast. It is the favorite grille^ of
the bush. Kangaroo flesh is a trifle coarse,
according to the white men's verdict. That
may be because their chefs have less art
with kangaroos than the black chefs of
the Interior.
Borne of the wilder tribes regard human
flesh, and particularly that of a fat China
man, fit very good eating. The men pro
cure the animal food, and the women dig
tor edible roots and search for mush
rooms, grass seeds, honey, sweet resin and
the manna of gum trees. It Is sometimes
made unpleasant for them if they are
slow In their hunts. Mushrooms are often
scarce, honey is almost impossible to find
in some districts. So upon such occasions
a wife serves the choicest possible roast
of lizard to begin with and then apolegetl
cally explains that there Is no dessert.
The eequel depends upon what kind of
man the husband is. The chances are
that he Is primitive in his Ideas of domes
tic discipline.
The Australian continent is very poor
In edible frrlts, and the aboriginals " are
quite Ignorant of the culture of bananas,
taro or yams, which afford excellent nuor
lshment to the various Polynesian races.
"Wherever the aboriginals come much In
to contact with white men, and are able
to procure sugar and flour, they are less
lean, and some of 4hem become even fat.
One roly-poly old fellow often waddles
down to the western mines and asks for
sugar.
"Su-gar," he can say, very distinctly if
he takes his own time.
"He'd live on nothing but Bugar if he
could get enough of it." one of the miners
eaid. "Look at the way he eats it. Scoops
It up In his hand and licks it up like a
horse. He'd trade anything he has in the
world for sugar. The other day he came
for it and I told him I had only a little
left, no more than I needed myself. He
offered epears and matting" for it, bidding
higher at every refusal. Finally he went
away and I thought he had given up. But
within an hour he was back with his wife.
Bhe was frowning and sulky and I didn't
know what ailed her until he offered her
In payment for a pound of sugar."
The aboriginals are inferior to white
men in strength, but make up for lack
of strength by agility. Their height Is al-
A4J the weapons . and tools , of the na
tives* own j manufacture , are of wood,
stone, shell fiber or slntwsi andtvtn in
the use of such , materials as are known
to them they are 'backward and crude.
Their stone axes are roughly hewn and
htvs no smooth polish llkt thost of the
, Polynesians. Thtlr wooden dubs;, art
clumsy,, '¦their shields ugly and their mat
[ting roughly woven.
Dtcorxtion is almost entirely • lacking on
having wry keen power ei ¦¦¦¦ »att—
and a faculty of drawing oonolUBioae aj
to] tht whereabouts of gamt from tht
smallest signs. In most districts gamt Is
so abundant that every man can procure
as much meat as he desires for himself
and his family without overmuch trouble,
The game oonaiats of kangaroos, emus
and smaller creatures, such as kangaroo
rats, bandicoots. and opossums. For Ash*
ing tht men uit hand ntts and fish spears,
or they shut off an arm of a bay or river
by weirs,
,- But though marrtlously expert hunter*
they are almost utterly Incapable of oal
ouluMng. Some of them know only the
numb««*j * to a. Though they can tell a
"tracker** la »wt «f «rtmlBato. Wt
after a longer Of shorter period o< Heady
work they generally abandon their .em
ployment and take, to 'their nomadie life
again, Tht aboriginal" man ti called by
whltt men a "black ftllow" and tht
women are named "gins" or lf lubraa. M A
child It called a "ptekannlny."
To turn for a moment to tht whltt men
of Australia, A very familiar tight In tht
country districts or "back block*" Is the
"swagsman"— a white man, who wanders
from station to station carrying his
"swag, H consisting of blankets and a tin
"billy" with him. Occasionally he doe*
a few days' work In busy, times, but gen
erally he relies on tht kindness of tht sta
tion owners or their overseers to furnUh
him with a little flour and tea and a plaea
to lie down. Tht Australian term for
tr+mptw tt* country ¦* OH* way i* "on
tbm Wallaby.- Th« "•wagiman" «• also
termed «f •*rondftwn«r, M from hit B * wt °*
arriving at a station at sundown.
The "boundary rider" la a man era<
ployed to rid* round a cattle station or
some' portion of It, §o u to imp th« cat
tie wtthin bounds. Tht saddle owd b* 1 th*
"boundary ridtr" (¦ mad* en an Bngltah
modfl, a*e#pt that It to provided with
larct kn««padf to aaitit tht rid«r In k*MW
Ing his scat en a "buck Jumaer." Th«
•hanty In which tha station ha*4 H*m «•
built of rough pl«c«§ of ipllt timber of
tht gum trtt, walla, roofs and chimney
being all made of tha same material. Tha
fireplace Is made of rough stones. Tli*
¦tatlon hand receive* nil tea, tugar, flour
and other necestttlea at Interval-* from the
head station. His is a hard, solltarr.
monotonous life, yet many men become
much attached to the freedom of exist
ence In "the bush" and feel lost and eon
fused-when they visit a city.
Tou tfe, there are eome people, after
all, whom Tennyson haa not yet convinced
upon the cycle of Cathay question.
THE PROFESSIONAL
BEST MAN IS
VERY USEFUL.
If there is a reception he has to see that
his newly married friend does the proper
things, at the prgoer times, and that he
behave*' like a rational being. The bast
man is usually charged with the railway
tickets for the first stage of the bridal
Journey; It is his 'duty to set the happy
pair aboard of the right train and to at
tend to the checking of their razzac*.
He -must bring him to the church in a
calm and collected state of mind and an
unruffled and immaculate costume. And
from that time until he hands him into
the carriage beside the bride he must
watch him as a faithful second watches a
prize-fighter in the ring. An7 sign of
weakness, any symptom, such aa a
itwftchlng knee or a wavering eye, must
be noted at once and remedied with dig*
patch and determination.
The responsibilities of the best man do
not end with the actual ceremony.
The ( best man must be certain that th*
groom has properly attended to the fe«ihg
of the clergyman. At thft ushers' dinner
he Is the master of ceremonies— this of
itself is no small undertaking. He must
se that the brMegroonu^durlnsr the hours
Immediately preceding the ceremony, I*
unvexed and , untroubled by disturbing
cares, and that h!s toilet for the great
event in performed with precision and
composure.
In the first place, he must see to it that
the bridegroom. is well up in what may
not irreverently be called the stage busi
ness of the ceremony. He is like tha
prompter in the wings; If he fails at tha
critical time the whole performance may
be rulned.VHe must know the exact tlmi»s
for kneeling and rising and turning, ha
should be able to repeat the marriage ser
vice backward, and. indeed, it is recorded
that in the course of a certain large and
very swell wedding m Boston the beat
man, close at the bridegroom's back, ac
tually himself declaimed the responses
which htj/ principal should have made,
that gentleman being so overcome as to
be temporarily bereft of speech.
For If you think that all a. best man
has to do is to stand beside the groom
and tell him to keep his shoulders back
and straighten his necktie you ax* very
much mistaken, j
Now it by no means follows that th*
best man is also the bridegroom's beit
friend. His best friend may not have tha
Qualities which go to the making of a
best man. He may be, excitable and an
easy victim of "the rattles." Ha may b«
of the careless kind, that cheerfully
shirks responsibility. However coed a
friend he may be. it Is possible that he
may also be a broken reed at the crisis
in the chancel and during the delicate ar
rangements before and after.
In every sense the best man sees the
bridegroom through when the latter, be
ing distracted by Joy or otherwise, can't
see himself through anything whatever.
The bridegroom needs moral support. .as
well as practical assistance in finding the
ring and catching the train. He wants a
man to lean on. He wants somebody to
"see him through," and it is no empty
phrase that such a personage is, denomin
ated the "best man."
"When a prospective bridegroom looks
among his unmarried friends for a "best
man." the usual formula with which his
request is made Is an appeal *to "see me
through." I dare say that those are tha
exact words in four cases out of flvei and
they express exactly the nature of the
service which la asked- for.'
Between the bridegroom and his best
man is often a more genuine bond of feel
ing than theVe is between the bride and
her chief attendant. It Is popularly sup
rosed to consist principally of sympathy,
but this isn't altogether a correct hypoth
esis.
He -will say that when he sees a tearful
little bride his only feeling Is a charitable
hope that she won't cry herself into a red
nose for the reception. It is nevertheless
true that th* masculine heart usually
rives a further quiver at "The Voice
That Breathed O'er Eden." and that a
lump has been known to come Into tho
masculine throat at the happy confidence
of the bride's "I will."
Tou see. such things mean a lot, after
all. to the most worldly of us.
But in epite of this appearance ot
thlncs, men are not untouched by senti
»pmt at such times. It goes without say
ing that they won't admit it. The most
hardened and experienced usher will tell
you that he hears the "Wedding: March"
with less emotion than is provoked by
"Johnny, Fill Up the Bowl."
The men In a marriage ceremony look
like a lot of busy, work-a-day beetle*
hovering about a bunch of interesting ap
ple blossoms.
As for the groom, he ts aa Indispensable
adjunct, but there Is nothing plctureeque
about him. He represents the worldly,
matter-of-fact element as opposed to tn»
feminine and romantic side ot the busi
ness. \
PEOPLE are accustomed to thin*
that tha sentimental side of & wed
ding Is exclusively the eoneem of
the women interested In It. The
romance and poetry of the occasion are)
represented by the fluttering Ptek and
white bridesmaid*. th» stately maid e«
honor and the radiant bride herself, while
the black coated ushers and tt» best man
are merely supernumeraries who attend t»
such prosaic details as fradraar seats for
the spectators and providing * back
ground for the- bridal picture.
CtHB? SUNDAY \OALL, v
10
ABORIGINAL
AND OTHER
AUSTRALIAN
TRIBES«=if=HE most wonderful and by far the.
largest bird that ever existed ia the
11 moa of New Zealand. It belongs to
the same order as the ostrich, the
cassowary and perhaps the dodo. Moa
seems to be a generic name for a large
bird among Polynesians. The moa at one
time existed in very great numbers in the
north and middle islands of New Zea
land, Its favorite haunts being the ex
tensive, well-graHsed plains of Canterbury
and Otago, In the interior of which latter
province immense quantities of its bonea
have been discovered.,
In 1S29 a part of the thighbone of a moa
was brought to England, and from that
fragment Professor Richard Owen, the
great naturalist, reconstructed the whole
bird: The conclusions reached were so
surprising that Professor Owen's friends
tried to suppress his paper on tha bird,
believing that lt would seriously damage
his reputation as a man of science. But
fossil remains of moas afterward sent to
England by settlers in New Zealand made
lt certain that as many as fourteen va
rieties of wingless birds had at ona time
existed in New Zealand.
Of the bones found in the colony at va
rious times the largest belong to a bird .
to which naturalists have given the name
Dinornls. Maximus. The museums of New
Zealand contain many fine skeletons of
the dinornls. The one shown in the-pho
tograph is in the museum of Christchurch,
GREAT MOA
OF
NEW ZEALAND
THOSE who say that the days of mir
acles are over should go to India,
says a retired officer of the British
army, when, if they are lucky enough to
meet a faker of the hills, they will not
only have reason to modify their opinion
but I c?.n guarantee that they will see
things which. will make them doubt even
the evidence of their own eyee.
But I will describe one of the things I
myeelf witnessed some twenty years ago,
and which 'you will confess is the most
amazing experience of which you have
ever heard. I do not profess to account
for it ln x any way; I. only describe it ex
actly as I and my* companions, any one
of whom will corroborate me to the small
est detail,' saw it.
It was a shooting expedition In
1880, whenV and three brother officers had
spent a long, tiring day tracking a man
eating tiger among tho hills of the cen>
tral provinces, about two days' journey
from Leoni. We were smoking our cigars
outside our tent preparatory to turning in
for the night, for we were all dead-beat,
when we saw two dusky figures approach
ing us, salaaming lower and lower as they
came nearer to us.
One of them, was a dirty, unkempt,
gray-headed man, clad In a turban and
loin cloth, who was unmistakably one of
tho fakers who haunt these hills and way
lay tourists and sportsmen with a view to
backsheesh; and the other was a small,
equally dirty and slightly clothed boy of
about 12 years of age.
As- we knew their business we affected
to ignore them and awaited developments,
which soon came. While th© boy flung
himself on the ground the faker put down
a bag he wa3 carrying and took from it
a small ball of twine, such as. grocers
use. Takinsr the free end of the twine
between hte fingers, he tossed the ball up
LARGEST BIRD
THAT
EVER EXISTED.
and by Its sida,' for purposes of compari
son, is placed a skeleton of a native
Maori, or native of New Zealand. On the
left of the photograph ig shown the dinor
nis as restored by Ho'chstetter, and by
the side of the gigantic bird Is shown the
little kiwi, "which belongs to the same re
markable family cf wingless birds and
which is still found in large numbers in
certain parts of the New Zealand bifth.
. The largest member of the moa family—
the dlnornis— was from twelve to fifteen
feet high, so that if it had wings it might
easily have carried a man up into the air;
but it did not possess the power of flight.
It had legs as long and strong as those
of a camel, the bones measuring more
than a yard in length and a foot around.
In fact, they were supposed at first to be"
those of some very, large quadruped. It
would naturally be supposed. that the gait
of so huge a bird would have been very
rapid, but the dinorpis is said to have
been sluggish In its movements, though it
could kick with terrific force.
Its feet and toes. were very strong and
well adapted to uproot ferns, its principal
article of food. It swallowed pebbles to
aid its digestion and laid greenish-white
eggs to perpetuate its Epecies. A nearly
perfect egg has been found; it is nine
inches in diameter, twenty-seven inches in
circumference and a foot long. Iti con
tents would rave made an omelet for
about a hundred people." > *
i ARTHUR INKERSLET;
in the air. Higher and higher it mounted
until the eye could follow lt no farther,
as it vanished seemingly into thin air.
Th© faker then released the free end and,
to our amazement, tho string remained
vertically suspended in th© air as far as
the eye could follow it.
The old man then began to tug violently
at th© string as if to recover th© vanished
ball, -but it refused to yield an inch; and
in affected rage he spoka a few words to
th© boy, who rose from th© ground and,
seizing th© twine with both hands, began,
to climb up it.
Up and up he climbed, growing grad
ually smaller and smaller until he was a
scarcely discernible speck, apparently
hundreds of feet from the ground. Then
he, too, vanished as completely as th©
ball had done. After a few momenta*
waiting for the boy's return th© faker
called loudly to him to come down, be
coming frantic with rage at his refusal
to obey. Then taking a huge curved knifa
'from his bag he gripped it between his
teeth and with murderous intent began to
climb up the string after the vanished boy.
Higher and higher be went until he in
turn was lost to siijht and we gazed at
each other and the thin line of string,
the only material thing left to our vision,
with dumb amazement.
. Then a distant shrl-ik of pain and horror
broke on our ears with startling effect and
a round, black thins came rushing down
through the air and fell at our feet. "We
looked at it In stupefaction; it was the
head of the boy severed from the body,
with quivering muscles and flowing blood,
to prove that it was^no figment of th©
fancy.
A moment later one ssvered and bleed
ins arm fell from the sky, and then an
other; and these were followed by two
legs as neatly dismembered as if cut off
by the knife of a skillful surgeon. And
then, while we were gazinjr with horror
at this grisly spectacle the faker himself
reappeared climbing down the string and
holding the knife between his teeth.
Calmly collecting the head and Iimb3
he placed them in his bag, threw it over
bis shoulder and began to walk away. He
had not gone many paces before we saw a
movement In the ba#. The faker placed it
on the ground, and, to our astonishment.
we saw the boy emerge from it, smiling,,
and as sound in body as ever.
I A mcinent later the two were walking
back toward us, salaaming at every step;
and I need not say that they were well
rewarded for their entertainment.
How do I account for it? Well, as I
have said, I don't profess to understand
it at all. and only describe what we saw.
Some say we were all hj'pnotlzed and saw
just what the faker wished us to see. All
I know is that it was the most astounding
and mysterious thing I have ever seen—
and I've seen some strange sights.
IMPOSSIBLE TO ACCOUNT FOR WONDERFUL
TRICKS DONE BY THIS INDIAN FAKER.
BIGGEST GRASSHOPPER HUNT EVER HEARD OF
IS TO TAKE PLACE IN NEBRASKA.
5N Nebraska th© farmers and scientists
ar© organizing- a grand grasshopper
hunt. It will be the first time that
anything of the kind on so large a
scale has been attempted. It Is not in
tended that on stated days the neighbors
shall meet, encircle a given territory, and,
drivine the grasshoppers before them Into
a constantly narrowing area, beat them
to death, as in the wolf hunt of old. This
is to be a scientific experiment.
Professor Lawrence Bruner. who is re
garded as the greatest authority on. grass
hoppers in the world, and was employed
by the Argentine republic some years ago
to rid that country of devastating locusts,
is to be the leader of th© huiit, and h« is
now sending out circulars explaining his
xnoda of attack.
There axe twenty species of grasshop
pers In the United States, and Nebraska
lseffllcted with nine of these. Each be
longs to a. breed that multiplies exceed-
polscn on the wind to be deposited where
somo other hopper is making a meal on
vegetation.
The most popular method of fighting the
grasshopper has been to harrow or disk
the land in which grasshopper eggs* have
been deposited. This stirring of the soil
not only destroys many eggs, but also ex
poses tha remainder to the sun or the
birds and parasites. It is also a good
thing for tho alfalfa crop. Crosa disking
generally ends the grasshopper, but It is
necessary to go not only over cultivated
land, but also along irrigating ditches,
old roads and deserted breakings.
The various remedies have been tried,
but still the grasshopper flourishes and
threatens the crops. And so the grand
Hunt is to take place. There will be no
firearms, no clubs. It will be a hunt by
machinery.
The machine is called the hopper-dozer
and can be operated by hand or horse. It
is made of stovepipe Iron by turning up
the sides and ends of the sheet about four
inches in depth. This is mounted on run
ners varying in height according to re
quirements. On a fr-yne back cf «,he pan
is stretched a piece of cloth toiprevent tho
insects from jumping over the pan.
When ready for work the pan is partly
filled with water and then some coal oil
is added. If tho ground Is level no crosa
pieces are necessary, but if the pan is to
be used on eloping ground it should bo
made with little partitions every six or
eight inches to prevent the oil and water
running to one end. The height of the
runners varies from two to ten inches, d«
pendlngr'upon the crop to be protected and
the age of. the insects to be eapturod.
The results are surprising. The hoppors
are simply mowed down. They como leap
ing toward the strange smelling liquid:
then they want to leap out again, but the
oil kills them. When the dozer sets full
ir.gly and does great damage to vegeta-.
tion. The four most numerous species are
the two-lined, the differential, the red
legged and the lesser migratory. The two
first named are, when full grown, an inch
and a half from forehead to tip of wing.
and the others only a trifle moro than an
inch, with bodies in proportion.
Th© hatching is all done In the earth.
The female seeks a favorable spot and
lays her eggs. One female will lay 100
czss in a season. Usually only a single
generation of these insects is raised In a
year. It is calculated that under favora
ble conditions the number la Increased
fifty time* each year.
This is what haa happened in Western
and Southwestern Nebraska, in the alfalfa
country, where no fanner Is content un
less he gets four crops a year of that for
zg* plant. Tho hoppers are overrunning
everything and the farmers have begged
the scientists to relieve them. The scien
tists say that the unusual increase in the
hoppers is due to the fact that several sea
sons have been, very dry In that region,
which lessens the liability of the hopper
to disease and at the same time kills off
the parasites that look upon hopper meat
as the darky does upon possum.
The scientists have tried several oia
remedies, but they haven't worked well.
Insect-destroying fungi halted the hop
pers for a time, but they seem to have
secured an antidote for some of these
fungi and the only death-dealing fungus
is that known to botanists a» JEmpusi
gryllae. This causes an epidemic when
ever it can be propagated.
When once attacked the hopper climbs
up the stem of some weed or other plant
and securely attaches itself by tightly
hugging the plant with its front and mid-
joints and the dust-like spots carry the
die legs. In this position It dies. A few
day3 after d«ath the body opens at the
In tho last n!xty years the speed of
ocean steamers hes increased from eight
and a half to twenty-two and a half knot*
an hour. . .
The heat of midsummer brln^g out tlie
grasshopper crop, and tl\en it i* that the
blsr hunt with tho horper-dozer is to be
gin. A number of these aro now; being:
made at the agricultural exporlmont sta
tion in Lincoln for ahlpment in farmers.
The Grasshopper has all seasons for
hatching, but most of the eggs are laid in
the fall. Some live over winter in the
form of larvae, others hibernate as full
grown Insects, but most kinds the
winter months in 1 the egg state. The
young work their way from, the eggs in
the sod to the surface of the ground by
a twisting or writhing motion. Almost
Immediately after attaining tho surface
the little hoppers shed a covering envelop
and set free the antennae, mouth parts
and limbs. In a short tlma they bacumo
somewhat hardened and begin to hop
about in Quest of food. When first hatched
they aro nearly white, but soon become
dark colored.
the dead insects are shoveled out, a little
more ol! added and the machine is started
again. Bushels of hoppers can be de
stroyed in a single day. It is with these
hoppers thatthe hunt is to be conducted.
~.V ROW FIVE
28— Capt. Harry Ball.
29— MaJ. Daniel A. Frederick.
30— Capt, John B. M. Taylor.
31— Lt. Lawson W. Fuller.
32 — Capt. Thomas Franklin*
33— Lt. Malin Crai£.
34 — MaJ. Dennis E. Nolan.
ROW FOUR.
22— MaJ. William L. Kneodler.
23— HnJ. Stephen C. Mills.
24— MaJ. Lcounrd A. Lovering.
25— Lt. Col. Samuel D. Sturgis.
26— MaJ. Georgo P. Scrlvcn.
27.— MaJ. Stephen W. Groesbcck.
ROW THREE.
15 — Lt. James XI. Blouut Jr.
10— Lt. William E,. Twight.
17— Lt. Col. Joseph T. Dlckmn*.
18— Lt. Col. John 11. McGinnUs.
10—7/T.iJ. Jnmes T. Kerrv
20— Lt. Henry M. Morrow.
21— Capt' Cur (jr. James II. Kennedy.
FIBST ROW.
1 — Lt. Col. Ernest A. Garlington.
2— Col. Charles P.. Grcenleaf.
S — Brig. Gen. George W. Davis.
4 — Mnj. G»n. Arthur MacArthur.
5—Brig Gen, Thomas H. Barry.
6 — Col. Charles A. "Woodruff.
7 — Lt. Col. Enoch II. Crowder.
HOW TWO.
8— Lt. William L. Kinley, A.D.C.
0— Lt. Douglass Potts.
10— Lt. Col. Albert S. Towar.
1 1— Lt. Gcorgo C. Stewart.
12— Capt. William G. Kaon
13— MaJ. Croiby P. Miller.
14— Lt. Floyd W. Harrio, A.D.C.
Becinnlnx on the bottom row, en th» reo<1
«r*» left, and the ©tlw rows in lik» manner,
a* follows:
Explanatory
diagram of the
Picture.
Among the men on his staff who
have made a mark are Colonel
Crowder, the one with the thin neck.
He is second only to the military
governor. Woodruff, with the fight
er's head, is chief commissary. Bar
ry, the man on Mac Arthur's left,
the one with the fine executive
brozvs, is adjutant general and
chief of staff.
rapid. On to captain, on to major,
on to lieutenant colonel—then when
the war with Spain broke out he had
his chance. He was made brigadier
general of the volunteers and later,
a major general.
Arthur Mac Arthur is a native of
Massachusetts, but he entered the
service of his country as a citizen
of the State of Wisconsin. He
was appointed a first lieu tenant of
the Twenty- fourth Wisconsin In
fantry in i86> and filled the posi
tion of adjutant of that regiment.
From that he slid gracefully on
through the titles of major, brevet
ted colonel and lieutenant colonel,
and in iS6$ he zvas honorably wtis
tcved out.
'lie made his first hit in 1863
when he seized the colors of his reg
iment at a critical moment and
planted them on captured works
on the crest of Missionary Ridge.
After that his progress went on
at a whizzing rate.
In 1S66 he was commissioned a
second lieutenant in the regulars^
and his promotions again 'mere
Mac Arthur has been able to hold
them in the right spirit. He has
the tact for that. His experience
dates back to the civil war — then
his courage won him rank, and now
not only his courage but his skill in
the handling of men is called into
play in his position in the Philip
pines.
They are all shown in the pic
ture — great stropping fighters and
shrcwd-eyed thinkers, and all of
them men that the stars and st 'ipes
are proud to Zi'avc over. Some are
old in nars and some are young
and tingling with the newness of
fighting, and they arc all our boys
i;t khaki.
face he might pass for a lawyer, a
doctor, a college professor, rather
than for a major general in the
army of the United States; a man
on whose staff dangle lieutenants
and majors and captains and lieu
tenant colonels and brigadier gen
erals.
A ROUND-FACED man, with
Ix. a mouth that shuts as tf it
meant business, / pair of keen, of
ten twinkling eyes tliat look the
keener and the more twinkling for
the glasses they peer through—
that is General Mac Arthur. By his
MAJOR GENERAL ARTHUR MACARTHUR AND HIS STAFF
THE SUNDAY CALL.
11THE SUNDAY CAIili.
12PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXIX— KO. J7O.
PRESIDENT'S WIFE IS STILL IMPROVING
AND PASSES A CONFORTABLE DAY, BUT HER
FEVER SLIGHTLY INCREASES AT NIGHT
AT an early hour this morning it was reported from the Scott residence that Mrs. McKinley's condition remained unchanged from that announced by
the physicians at 8:30 p. m. yesterday. Mrs, McKinley was resting comfortably and the slight rise Jn temperature noted last evening' had not in
creased. " ..; . .¦..':.,';.,.. .'¦... ¦ : '.,.::':'':' :....,.-¦-'.•.¦'-; "¦':...".'¦¦'' ;-• '.'.'
The President will await thereport of the physicians before making any arrangemehts to attend church. : :
The members of the Cabinet will hold a meeting at the Palace Hotel at 9 a. m. to-day and decide as/to their future movements. Direct telegraphic
communication has been established by the Western Union Company from the rooms of the Cabinet officers in this city to their homes and offices in
Washington, D. C, so that they can attend to affairs of state without the slightest delay. I,
The stay of the President in this city depends entirely on the condition of his wife. The physicians are unable to give any information as to when
Mrs. McKinley might be removed to Washington, and it may be that San Francisco wUI be the temporary capital for some days or even weeks.
MRS. McKINLEY IS RESTING COMFORTABLY, BUT A SLIGHT RISE OF TEMPERATURE IS NOTED BY DOCTORS
Continued on'.- Page" Fourteen.
SNAPSHOTS TAKEN: OF THE PRESIDENT I AND
;. During the. absence of the President
' > from the' Scott home bulletins were sent
i to him at frequent intervals as to the
: condition of' his wife. .
' -; The \ information from the sickroom
; was most reassuring, and the President
. ; was not called on to 'shorten his trip
. ! to< the^" Iron .Works.
' procession attracted considerable atten
¦ tion on its .way to' the Potrero.
In the vicinity of the Scott residence
the, public refrained from cheering the
¦ President, but all along the line of route
. to the Iron Works the chief executive
\ received a hearty reception. The hearts
; of the people have gone out to the
; distinguished head of the nation, and
] his appearance on the. streets of the city
; aroused; the "enthusiasm of all who saw
, the President's carriage pass along. -
Police Commissioner George New
hall and Irving M. Scott accompanied
the President in his carriage and Mrs.
Scott and Miss Barber entered a sec
ond carriage. Chief of Police Sullivan
rode on the seat of the President's car
riage beside the coachman, and the
mounted police escort surrounded the
vehicle as it started from the house. Se
cret service men, police and detectives
and Secretary and Mrs! Cortelyou fol
lowed the President in carriages, and the
When the President emerged from the
house he answered the srreetintrs of his
fellow citizens by doffing his hat and
waving it toward the crowd held back
by the police lines. The President had
a bright smile on his face and seemed in
a more cheerful mood than on the pre
vious day.
a glimpse of the President and to gaze
at the house where his gentle lady was
battling for life.
PARIS, May 18.— The HeraldY
European edition publishes
the following medical edito
rial on Mrs. McKinley's ill
ness and its treatment:
"According to latest dis
patches the ailment from which Mrs
McKinley suffers is dysenteric fever'
The wife of the President is extremely
feeble, and her disorder very ',j r ave
Dysenteric fever is indeed a very grave
disorder, ofmicrobic origin, occurring
most frequently in hot climates, al
though not unknown in temperate' cli
mates. Even though her condition be
serious, however, she is not necessarily
beyond therapeutic resource.
"In IndcnChina, where a dysenteric
fever is of very frequent occurrence,
physicians treat it with a decoction of
simaruba, which in recent times seem
to have been very effective. Simarabu
should be administered with care, as the
plant contains an irritating essential oil
which at times 13 hurtful to the stom
"Another method of treatment em
ployed during the last century by Jesuits
of Brazil and Paraguay consists in the
administration of a decoction of ipecac.
This method of treatment has become
classic. It is still employed under the
name of 'Brazilian method.' and at times
has produced marvelous results. It con
sists in taking from four to eight
grammes of ipecac root coarsely pulver
ized and pouring over it 150 scrambles oi
hot water. After thorough infusion the
liquid is poured off and administered to
the patient, one tablespoonful per hour
as long as vomiting and diarrhea con
tinue.
"A French military physician named
Boudin has successfully employed the
following remedy: Ipeca, 0.30 gr.;
calomel, 0.03 gr.; opium extract. 0.06 jjr.
This quantity is divided into three'pills.
which the patient should take an hour
apart. • If the patient is very weak, or if
he be already by long dura
tion of the disorder,- it-wjill be profitable
to administer a large injection of artia
cial serum."
ALTHOUGH there was a
slight increase in the temper
ature of Mrs. McKinlev last
evening the distinguished pa
tient passed a comfortable day
and her strength continued to increase.
It cannot be said, however, that the
President's wife is out of danerer. The
physicians have so far successfully
combated the dread dysenteric fever
that has brought the Lady of the White
House to the verge of death, but nature
must now reassert herself and help the
gentle sufferer back to health.
The increase of strength each hour
brings Mrs. McKinley further from the
danger point, and the President yester
day was very hopeful that his beloved
wife would be spared to him.
Yesterday morning it was announced
that Mrs. McKinley had passed a com
fortable night, and the President also
enjoyed a well earned repose.
The chief executive awaited the ar
rival of the physicians before deciding
positively that he would attend the
launching of the battleship Ohio at the
Union Iron Works.
Drs. Hirschfelder, Gibbons and Cush
ing arrived at the Scott home at 8
a. m. and at once held a consultation
with Dr. Rixey. Their report of Mrs.
McKinley' s condition was so favorable
that the President decided to witness the
launching of the battleship.
The consulting physicians left the
house at 8:45 a. m., and Secretary Cor
telyou immediately issued the followincr
bulletin to the newspaper representa
tives:
DECIDED IMPKO VEJOENT.- : , '<¦ ,
"Drs. Hirschfelder. Gibbons and
Cushing met Dr. Rixey at 8 a. m. and
found Mrs. McKinlcy's condition de
cidedly improved since last evening."
The distinguished patient was able to
partake of a light breakfast, and the
President remained with his wife until
9:42 a. in.; when he left the house to
proceed to the Union Iron Works.
As on the previous day a large crowd
gathered early in the day to watch for
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY; MAY 19, 1901 —THIRTY-SIX PAGES.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
Pagesl3 to 24
Pages 13to 24McKinley's condition. J There was. a
slight increase in the temperature bf^he
patient, buJNthe change was' not con
sidered cause for alarm bv the doctors.
The bulletin was as follows:
"Mrs. McKinky's physicians report
that she has had a comfortable day.. but
that therois a slight rise ol temperature
to-night." ' ... ; " : .
The information from the sickroom
was within a few minutes sent to every
part of the country and abroad.
Dr. Cushing remained with the Presi
dent'until 9 p. m., '; and through the
open window of the room they occupied
the chief 'executive and the eminent
medico could be -seen in earnest conver
sation.
.The doctors are unable to pronounc^
Mrs. McKinley out of dauEer. and* the
rise in temperature of their patiefft pre
vents a positive statement, for which the
whole world is eagerly waiting. There
•was no marked increase in the temper
ature of Mrs. McKinley. after the phv
cians left her last evening, and at mid
night she was reported to be resting
comfortably. .¦"¦/¦ •' '
REMAINS j. IN THE HOTTSeI
The President remained by his wife's
side until a late hour and then retired to
rest. The lights were lowered in the
house and the police .and detective
guards around the residence kept watch
during the night, and with the newspa
per representatives awaited the coming
of the morn and the beginning of an
other day. ¦ / .',' •
Secretary Cortelyou stated last even
ing that the President had not then-de
cided "if he would attend church 'this
morning. ¦ r.- . ¦..
The. future movements of the Presi
dent depend entirely on the condition of
Mrs. McKinley. ThisT morning, if the
patient's condition is reported favorable
by the physicians, the President 'will at
' tend church.
The President will not decide .until
the last moment as to., where he will
worship. The President's mounted es
cort will report this morning at the
Scott residence at 8:30 o'clock.
• Last evening the members of the Cab
inet arranged to hold a meeting at the
Palace Hotel at 9 a. in. to-day. No de
cision has yet been reached by any of
the President's official family as to their
future . mo vements.
i Arrangements have been made by the
Western Union Company for direct tel
egraphic service from the rooms of the
Cabinet Ministers in this city to their
homes and offices in Washington. D. C.
This morning they will be able to handle
the affairs of state with the same alac
rity as if they were residing : in the
capital. • .v
¦'¦ MOVEMENTS TTNDECTDED.;
Secretary Cortelyou stated" last even
ing to a Call representative" that it was
impossible to say* when the President
would return to Washington'.- His-move
ments depend entirely on. the condition
"of : Mrs. .'McKinley, and at 'present "the
physiciansattending thevPresident's -wife
are * unable to give any, information ' as
At 1:35 p- rn. the President returned
to his temporary home. He received a
respectful reception from the crowds in
the park and returned their salutation.
The President held in his left hand a
beautiful bouquet of roses, presented to
him at the transport dock when' he en
tered his carriage to drive home. As
the chief executive walked; to the Scott
house he inhaled the perfume of the
flowers, and it was learned later that he
carried them to his suffering wife when
he went to her room.
Secretary Cortelyou was seen soon
after the President reached the house
and stated that Mrs. McKinlev was
resting comfortably and that the physi
cians would not hold another consul
tation until 7:30 p. m.
CEOWD IS DISAPPOINTED.
It was thought that the President
might go for a drive in the afternoon,
and the crowds in the park facing the
house lingered in the hope of seeing
the distinguished chief again, but they
were disappointed. The President
spent the afternoon either in his wife's
room or in receiving the members, of
his Cabinet who called on him. Sec
retaries Long, Wilson, Hitchcock, Hav
and Postmaster General Smith called at
the house after the launching of the
Ohio, and General W. H. L. Barnes
and Henry J. Crocker ai so, were , re
ceived by the President. * ,
5 It was learned' at 5 P- . ni. that Mrs:
McKinley was asleep, and the President
also sought his couch,. and perfect qui
etude reigned within the house until the
physicians arrived at 7MO p. m. ' •
Dr. Hirschfelder drove "u© to the
house, while Drs. Gibbons and Cushinsr
came on foot They immediately visited
Mrs. McKinley and then held a con
sultation with Dr. Rixey. A telephonic
message brought a messenger from a
downtown store shortly afterward and a
small package of drugs was taken into
the house.
i Drs. -Hirschfelder and Gibbons left
the house at 8:30 p. m., and a bulletin
was at once issued by Secretary Cortel
you._ It told of_a slight.chancce in Mrs.
Fitzjohn Porter Recovering.
NEW YORK, May 18.— General Fitzjohn
Porter, who is ill at his home in Morris
town, N. J., was so much better to-day
that his physician hopes he will recover
from his present attack of dlabetis.
ABERDEEN, Wash.. Hay 18.— Captain
Allen of the steamer Llndauer fell Mnto
the hold of the vessel yesterday and re
ceived severe injuries. He came here
from San Francisco a wek ago.
Captain Allen Injured.
SANTA BARBARA, May IS.— The body
of an unknown man was. found this aft
ernoon floating between the wharves. Ev
idently It had been in the water a long
time. The Coroner's Inquest failed to es
tablish Its identity and its was buried in
the potter's field.
Sea Gives Up a Corpse.
Commercial Travelers' .. Association^
•\Thxough Its President, Con
i '-'¦¦¦• -veys Expression of -Its
V Strong Regard. '
The PaciflcCoast Commercial Travelers'
Association; has addressed the following
letter. to President McKinley:
'. -SAN FRANCISCO;. May 18,;19O1.;
Hon. William McKinley, : ; President" ; of the
United States," San . Francisco, Cal."— Dear .: Sir:
Your, ever loyal , and 'admiring . friends, the com
mercial travelers of ' the • Pacific ; '. Coast,', most
'heartily- sympathize , with' you i in' the serious Ill
ness, of your ' devoted wife, '. and ; are extremely
PRESIDENT RECEIVES
A WARM LETTER OF
GENUINE SYMPATHY
In the Event of Mrs.- McKinley Con
tinuing to Improve Parade Will
~ Take Place IText Tues
day Morning.
Mrs. Mary Kincaid, v president of the
Board of . Education, announced last even
ing that the parade of the school children
of the city, and their, review by President
McKinley take place next-.. Tuesday
morning at 10 o'clock, provided the condi
tion of the President's wife will allow him
to 'leave the house. The. review, If held,
will-, take place on Van Ness avenue . un
der, the same condition's • as for
the review last Friday morning.-
PRESIDENT WILL
POSSIBLY REVIEW
SCHOOL CHILDREN
Flowers in quantities were received at
the. Scott residence yesterday for Mrs.
McKinley and the President. Gifts ..of
all kinds are brought to the house
daily, but all comers are objieed to run
the gauntlet' of the police and detective
guards. Some are allowed to -approach
the house, but they are few in number.
Cranks of all kinds continue to offer
nostrum's for the cure of the' distin
guished patient, but the police lines
around th« block where . the
and his sick wife are located effectually
prevent any of the President's house
hold being annoyed. .. x
• . - . m
Messages of sympathy continued to
arrive at the Scott residence yesterday
in large numbers. The Embassadors
and Ministers at Washington have con
veyed to the President their sincere
sympathy, and have also sent to him .a
similanmessage from the heads of their
respective countries. Thousands of
telegrams from every portion of this
country and from abroad have reached
the President in the past few days, all
breathing the hope that his wife will be
spared ta him. .
San Francisco is therefore likely to
be the temporary capital of the nation
forlsome days and perhaps for weeks.
The dysenteric fever, from. which Mrs.
McKinley is suffering,, must " : run* its
course; .nature must''- restore her.-suffi
ciently to health to,* make /her, strong
enough to stand a. journey, and no one
can tell how long'this will take". ,
to when she will be able to travel, pro
viding that she continues to improve.- >.
The Sacramento Valley Development Asso
ciation now in session, representing twelve
counties of California, hereby respectfully ten
ders to President McKinley and his Cabinet
a welcome to this State and expresses deep
regret that sadness has entered their midst
and prevented a continuation of their Journey
to the' north. This visit will strengthen, the
Jies which bind the West to the East and an
nihilate the" distance between the Pacific and
velopment Association, in session here to
day, sent the following message to Presi
dent McKinley in San Francisco:
Sacramento Development Association
Sends a Cordial Greeting to the .
President and Cabinet-' : ',
yACAVILLrE,' /May "i&— The~ executive
committee of the Sacramento Valley De-
-EXT END S SYMPATHY
IN A MESSAGE OF
/WARM WELCOME
, Veterans of Two Wars Are Enter
tained at the Bohemian Club
f _ by Colonel George Stone.
There were many notable little dinners
in San Francisco lastevening in honor of
eminent visitors. One of the most inter
esting of the Informal events was a din
ner at the Bohemian Club.g^ven. by'Col
onel George Stone, department cOmmand
er of the Grand Army of the Republic, to
Major General Fred D. Grant and Major
General J. C. Bates. Captain C. W. Fen
ton and Captain H. M. Reeve, who arrived
from the Philippines Friday - evening.
Other guests of the occasion were General
W. H. L., Barnes, Irving M. Scott. Henry
J: Crocker, Raphael- Welll and Judge W.
C. Van Fleet. C. W. Moore of the Presi
dent's party, expected to attend,, but busi
ness engagements demanded his departure
f or Oregon last evening. It was said that
ho, would return to the city next Wednes
day. V.
Generals Grant and Bates are here on
thirty days' leave of absence, but it Is
the impression that the leave will be pro
longed. - ¦;'¦ .- • .
General Bates Is a veteran of two wars.
In-May," 1861, forty years ago, ¦: he .was as
signed'to duty in the Army of the Poto
mac. Grant in' one sense is a
veteran of two wars. In his 'youth: he .'ac
companied his illustrious father through
out the famous Vicksburg campaign:
"General Fred Grant is a West Point grad
uate,'the son of a graduate from' the
academy and the father of a West Point
er. " ; ;. President McKinley- has . signified a
"desire to meet General Grant and General
Bates at 9:30 a. m. to-day. !
General Barnes, as commander of Mc-
Kinley Post No. 1901,G^A._R., may cali his
comrades; together some evening .: "during
the coming week. Day beforu yesterday
the** President cordially received u-eneral
Barnes. The visit was Quite prolonged.
Colonel Stone has had the pleasure 'of sev
eral Interviews with the President since
the latter arrived in San Francisco. , . Hor
ace Davis and; wife paid their respects, to
the President's ¦family." yesterday. "Mr.
McKinley and Mr. Davis served ' together
in Congress. and each derived enjoyment
in the I recent interview.' Mr. . and Mrs.
Davis will : leave. San; Franci3co for the
East in a^ day or two and" will visit the
President; again ".in Washington. '
.-' ' ' ¦ = •."-- " '¦' "'- '--." ¦' '."'¦ V ..'¦-:
GENERALS BATES
AND GRANT ARE
GUESTS AT DINNER
'There Is no class of people who are better in
formed as to the feeling of the people toward
their executive officials '; than .the commercial
travelers, and I assure you that the people of
the Pacifiio Coast highly regard you as a Presi
dent.', a loyal American, true to country and
flax, arid abov« all else a errand, true and de
voted husband to a noble wife. . Your Brief aria
anxiety for the past week' has been shared by
the people " of the Golden Stat* They now , re
joice ' that the patient, for ¦ whom millions of
prayers have been sent heavenward, ia on the
road to recovery. That Almighty God, in his
infinite- wisdom, and mercy, may spare your
wife and self to enjoy each other's company for
many years to come Is the devout wish m of the
members of the Pacific Coast Commercial Trav
elers' Association, of which I have the honor
to be president. Tours very truly,
. , ROBERT H. DAVIS.
By order Board of Directors.
sorry that' your grand and triumphal tour
across the continent has been so sadly inter
fered With. ' ' . .
• A resolution was adopted urging: the Su
pervisors and commercial bodies to fitting
ly entertain the Congressional Committee
on Rivers and 'Harbors.
the Atlantic oceans. It will, we hope, hasten
the Isthmian canal, upon which rests the fate
of millions of acres of wheat lands, tilled by
American citizens but competlns with the
lands of India. Russia and Argentina. The
people of the Sacramento "Valley send greet
ings of loyalty and good wishes to the eminent
statesmen who honor our fair land with their
presence." "W. S. GREEN. President.
Continued from Page Thirteen.
Governor Nash and the Ohio delegation
¦will depart for the north at 11 oJclock this
morning, going direct to Portland. After
leaving Portland the party will go to Salt
Lake and Denver, remaining one day in
each -city. It will disband at Columbus,
Ohio, next Saturday.
Ohioans "Will Depart To-Day.
VI think the launching was a great suc
cess," said Secretary of the Navy John
D. Long- at the Palace Hotel last night.
"I have witnessed a number of launch
ings and have never seen such splendid
plans laid and the ceremony pass off so
¦well. To slide an enormous ship like the
Ohio into the water is no small achieve
ment, and the officials of the Union Iron
Works are to be highly commended for
the successful affair of to-day."
Secretary Long leaves to-day over the
Santa Fe for Colorado Springs to visit his
daughter, who is qclie sick there. He ex
pects to be In Washington the latter part
of the week.
' * [ 1L
Foot Crushed Between Vessels.
J. Sweeney, president of the Rainier
Brewing Company and one of the leading
citizens of Seattle, met with a painful ac
cident yesterday- While on one of the
launches his. left foot was jammed in be
tween the launch and another boat and
badly crushed. He was removed to his
rooms in the Palace Hotel last evening,
and. although the injured limb was badly
swollen, no serious results are anticipated.
Declares He Never Saw a More Suc
cessful or Batter Managed
Affair of tlie Kind.
SECRETARY LONG
IS WELL PLEASED
WITH THE LAUNCH
MRS. McKINLEY CONTINUES TO SHOW
SLIGHT SIGNS OF IMPROVEMENT
Finding: of Some Old uiant powder ina
Basement Furnishes Morning: Paper
flaterial for Ridiculous Story.
Out of a disordered reportorial garret
has been evolved a wondrous tale of how
a decrepit old, Chinese fisherman, yclept
a highbinder, had concealed a' mass of dy
namite, sufficient to blow a whole block
of Chinatown over to Oakland, when
President McKinley should' visit that show
section of San Francisco.
r LurIdly yellow, like the dragon flag, was
the tale. To add further effect, or per
•haps,' sympolize the dragon, a coll of in
sulated copper wire was found conven
iently _ near. _ AU ..this stage property be
ing located in the ( cellar of the Chinese
Theater at 816 Washington Btreet by in
spectors, of the Board of Health. It was
sent up to the "garret, pending investiga
tion.
Never in all the published itineraries of
the • President has eVer~been 'mentioned a
trip to Chinatown. So the alleged attempt
to be made by desperate highbinders on
the life of the city's guest seems to fall
flat, but -when the owner of the building
admits that he knew the giant powder
had been in the cellar for seven years
even before the election of McKinley to
his first term of offlce^ — and the grime and
the dirt that covered it bear mute evi
dence of the fact, this theory, if not
the "dynamite," has been exploded.
Although the scene of the discovery
was within a minute's walk of the Cen
tral police station, the heads of that de
partment were not advised of the matter.
The "find" was mysteriously spirited
away, and without attempt being made
to discover what it was, was dumped into
the bay by order of Dr. Lawlor of the
State Board of Health, who superintends
the cleansing of Chinatown. Perhaps it
is now in order to accuse Dr. Lawlor of
having felt designs upon the life of the
President. It is, just as probable that,
knowing the course the tug that was to
convey the President to the launching
would take, he had it thrown into some
shoal spot, hoping that the compact of
the \ceel or the puff-puff coming out its
yellow striped smokestack might set the
"tarnal" stuff off.
Legislature Spoiled Lim's Plan.
But that giant powder has a history,
reading like a yellow journal romance,
according to the investigations of.Detec
tive George McMahon, who was detailed
to assist en the: police end of the explo
sion that 1 ailed to occur. • •
Ah Lim was a Chinese fisherman, who
at odd times worked as a miner for Jung
Cum Lung, at Poverty Flat, Bownievillo
and other places in Sierra N County, j J ung
Cum Lung says that Ah Lim was about
to return to China and engage in the
fishing industry on the Yangtsekiang or
other river and wanted to' Introduce' more
modern methods into the catching of fish.
But just about the time Ah Lim got the
giant powder to this city and properly
stored in the basement, where he "took
up his residence, the Legislature passed
a law making it a misdemeanor to have
certain explosive compounds in one's pos
session. -Ah Lim, failing to find an op
portunity to carry the stuff to China,
covered it. up "and- left it. ' There if lay
harmless. ....
Where the highbinder who was supposed
to have touched off the explosive' would
have concealed himself Is something the
man with the j disordered ¦ garret 'should
explain, as the coil of insulated wire was
not long enough to connect with the near
est-light wire and leave him much mar
gin.
"Were it not for the fact that some
people take these matters^ seriously,'.' re
marked Captain of Detectives Seymour,
"this would be a funny proposition. There
are lots "of cranks that seize an oppor
tunity such as is afforded by the" pub
lication of a story of this kind, 'it is the
sheerest, rankest kind of nonsense. ..The
Chinese who owns the building knew that
this giant powder had been in that cellar
for fully seven years. It cannot be ex
ploded except by concussion and was per
fectly harmless at all times." ,.
So this explodes the st'ory of the "dyna
mite found beneath the theater that Pres
, ident.McKinley was to visit." ...
Protest of Six Companies.
The Chinese Six Companies are. indig
nant at the affront given the members of
their race by the Examiner, as evidenced
by the following communication: .
HEADQUARTERS SIX COMPANIES.
'..'•:-'¦ Commercial Street. . .,;.... f,
San Francisco,. May. 18. 1931.
- Editor San Francisco Cal^-Dear Sir: Seeing
la* a ' local newspaper called the Examiner -an
article of to-day' a date;' headed "Dynamite
.found beneath the theater President McKlnley
was to visit,'. 1 we deem, it our duty, to say
a few. words on. the matter' so as to avoid_any
possible misrepresentation or misunderstand
lng.-'f,:¦•_•:'.;,;.¦'•' • - ' :
In. the!. first place every Chinese knew some.
timiTago that the President and Cabinet could
"not find time to accept the Chinese Invitation
to visit Chinatown; and In the second instance ,
that the Washington-street theater In which
this awful dynamite alleged to have bean
found was never intended— even if the Presi
dent was coming to Chinatown, should be the
one he shall v visit. We had intended to have
a special performance in the banquet^ hall at
one end of which a stage was to' be erected/
so that "the President could not be annoyed
by the crowd. '-.:¦ ", '¦'..'•'
We are at a loss to know how the' Examiner
could have originated such a "cock and bull"
story as to make it appear, possible . that this
dynamite' was ever intended* for 'the President.
We. could only account for this mean conduct
by that paper's policy and longing at times of
using the Chinese as ignorant tools and of their
desire to bring the President's name into noto
riety whenever they see a chance. Their note
worthy insulting cartoon and' references about
the President and. party, -which appeared in
many or their former and recent" Issues, .are
striking instances- of their meanness- which
must be condemned by all, for it looks very
peculiar-even to the "heathen Chinee." I 1^. 110
country in the world would such insults; to its
chief- executive be allowed or toterated,—espe
cially to a President who has proven his ability
and patriotism, and is beloved by all. In in
sulting and ridiculing him the* Examiner not
only insults him but insults the American peo
ple, as he was chosen by the public or citizens
of t>-e United States.- . . .
We object to be made suspicious and. possible
would-be murderers of the world-honored Presi
dent or any one else, simply to gratify a spite
ful paper's desire.s, the same as we objected to
be made 'into plague bacilli.
,' CHINESE SIX COMPANIES.
By CHEW WO. Secretary.
Loftus is a grandson of Lord Launsdale
of Launsdale-on-the-Avon, England. • . . In
a few months he wtll^come Into that es
tate and coronet. The property is a large
one. Loftus and his wife will go to Eng
land in about a year and make their home
at Launsdale HalL Only the immediate
relatives of the couple will be present at
the marriage.
Special Dispatch to Th; Call.
SAN JOSE. May 19.— "Tom" Loftus,
¦comedian- of the Jessie- Shirley Company,
and who boasts of royal: blood, and Miss
Meta Marsky, who plays emotional roles
In ¦ the same company, are to be married
to-morrow afternoon at the home bf-the
bride's -parents in this City." Miss Marsky
is a San Jose girl and for the past two
seasons has played with the Shirley Com
pany- During this time the friendship of
herself and Loftus turned to love, and
now they are to be married. - They have
promised to remain one year more with
the company, and then the yonng couple
will go to England and take up their home
at Launsdale Hall, an estate about. to be
inherited by the groom. '•'.* -¦
Inherits an English " Estate
and Will Wed Miss
Meta Marsky.
"Tonf Loftus of the
Jessie Shirley Com
pany in Luck.
GAINS RICHES
AND A BRIDE
FAKE TALE ANGERS
CHINESE RESIDENTS
THE SAN FRANCI^a C^
14
Cleanse
Your Blood
The cause of all sprins: humors,
pimples and eruptions, as well as of
that tired feeling and poor appetite,, is
found in impure, depleted blood.
The perfect blood purifier is Hood's
Sarsaparilla, as a ultitudes know by ex-
perience. - ¦ ; " 1
It cures' all blood diseases, from the
6mallest pimple to the stubborn scrofula
sore — from morning tiredness to ex*
treme nervous prostration.
Begin taking it TO-DAY.'
Is America's Greatest Sprine Medicine.
Be sure to set Hood's.
Hood's
Sarsapari lla
ADVEBTISEKENTS.
WIDEST
- /
.A Most Remarkable Remeiy Thit
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Hen.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
to All Who Write. .
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical pulferlng of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute free
trial packages to all who write. It is a
home treatment, and all men who suffer
from any form of sexual weakness result-
ing from youthful folly, premature loss
oi strength and memory, weak back, vari-
cocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home. —
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it is needed.
. It cures all the Ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success in
all cases. A reauest to the State Medical
Institute. 328 Elektron building. Fort
Wayne, Ind.. stating that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute Is de-
sirous of reaching that great Class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed, and the free sample will enable them
to see how easy It Is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness when the proper remedies
are employed. The Institute makes no
restrictions. Any man who writes will be
sent a free sample, carefully sealed In a
plain package, so that its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers are requested to write
without delav.
|DH. PIERBFS ELECTRIC BELT:
? A mtricm Abeul of tbe WorW In Electrical Inren- '
? tioa*J E-rerybodT know* t&ie! Our new Iiody-'
•Battery, (IT. s. £aten« it «trfc*ly an Ameroan*
tirrenuon— TIIK Belt of the Century. It sends a
.powerfau, reTeralUe current through the human,
.body tVum If rod to Foot, curing Chronic and.
, Xerrotfi I>is**ses and WnVoessof Sr&leor Kemaje.
. a* tf by Jiaijic f>o positiTe are we that no other >
. belt is the equal of "Dr. l*ier«.''s." that we wUl send <
¦ It «>.N APPKOVAI. for compariecu Trith any belt <
' now sold ia America. " freeing is UtHtrlng.'* '
'. NOTE We nerer send belts "On Trial." there-'
. fore in ordering "Dr. Pierce'*" no risk ia rnn of <
-contracting f-kln lil>r»r or otbrr Disorders hy •
-nalnit an appliance previ«»]>- w«r» Ur other*
1 ' per»«na. Call, or send a 2c stamp for new "BooUet '
: f So. 2.' Address: PIKKCK KLKf ITR1 C CO. '
, , 1145 ttron-'iTr^T. "war •*>'»• > - \ N*>«r Vork, «
— Or 206 Post St,, San Francisco.
OS. HALL'S itiilA VIGOli ATORSWrTO
Flv» hundred reward for any kSgr^TlSSl
case we cannot cure. This aecret §H&> BBSS
remedy stops all losses In 24 hours, [ ' ¦- %
cures Emissions, Impotency, Vari- ESSJ DB«3
coc*le, Gonorrhea. Gleet, Flu, PSS W^ff
Strictures. Lost Manhood aad all If'] it LUUJ
-wasting- effects of eelf-abuse or 62>S OS5
excesses. Sent sealed. 12 bottle; 3 u£rBK2S239
bottles, $5; guaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
dresa HALL'S . MEDICAL INSTITUTE. - 856
Broadway. Oakland. CaL Also for sale at 1073H
Market ft.. 6. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Send for free book.
- If you Have ' Dyspepsia, wrlte'Dr.Shodp. Racine.
I wis.,box 137, (or six bottles I Dr.Shoop's Restora-
tive. Exp.pald. Send no money/ Pay|5.50 If curetf*
A Month's Test \ Ffe«.
DCD1 I Kl A THE GREATEST-SPRING TONIC AND
JF^CL"jri 1 CATARRH REMEDY OF THE AGE. X
'¦Sdijffi**^^ CATARRH TWENTY v YEARS.
(tfjS^gJI^ Spent Hundreds of Dollars
/^M^vS >^^/^v /> i shall.
XPI)N(WS^&<: • ¦- .^^^' n S 'jW^lf/TA) Miss Martha Wittkopp writes from
¦¦^^ril^VV^C^s,. Oreenvllle. Ml=h-. the following: "When
Gonzalo De Quesada, Secretary of thj Cuban Legation in Washington, stomach and pel- £§ja£*^ *^\
•'¦Senor Quesada, Secretary of the Cuban Legation in AVashington, is an orator Y '? i^J^h^art /S»
.born. -In. an article in The Outlook for July, 1S99, by George Kennan, who heard J,5J?i?, n Vanri «.u ffS VI ¦
.-Quesada -speak at the Esteban Theatre, .Matanzas, Cuba, he said: "I have seen f,mr rfu-ht cold VS ' lA I
. many i audiences -under the spell of eloquent speech and in the grip of strong emo- ™it' «.-i^fiv had Xi Jut fr-
tional excitement, but I have rarely, witnessed such a scene as at the close of ofJL« a * i^«/iv,t Si*& l^S.
; Quesada's eulogy upon the dead patriot, Marti." In a letter to The Peruna Medi- lr™% „ „ >, z mv tZMA^^ . ./^
'cine Company, written from Washington, D. C, Senor Quesada pays: stomach was all
''Peruna I can recommend as a very good medicine. Ill &£%&*£*
It is an excellent strengthening tonic, and it is also an S^e^S^,?*? ¦« ' MaithaWinkopp '
efficacious cure for the a/most universal complaint of M^il^Al^r^^^'^n-
¦ ¦ • -¦ »' .»¦ - - ~ *i '¦ ' i r% *% ¦"'#'- tire system, and I almost despaired of
catarrh. Gonzalo De Quesada. $&S£Z8£- for advice, and you
' Peruna does not operate upon the sys- cause of catarrh and the symptoms dls- vised Peruna, I began to gain right along,
tern, as the. usual remedy does. It is not appear. It is useless to doctor symptoms, and am now well. My parents praise Pe-
a local treatment..- It operates as a sys- Symptoms disappear once the cause Is re- runa. very much. As for myself, I can't
temic remedy. It gives tone to the weak- moved. Peruna removes the cause. It is speak well enough of it. I am well ana
ened nerve, .centers, dnd;thus gives. tone- the only systemic catarrh remedy yet de- happy and enjoy my life as I never have
to the mucous membranes that line the vised. s . . before. I cannot remember when I have
various organs of the body. < Mrs. J. Priest. Lee, Mich., writes: "I felt as well as I do now."
Catarrh is alwavs located in some mu- think there is no medicine on earth that If you do not derive prompt and satis-
cous membrane. Catarrh is a fiabby con- excels Pemnju' My husband won't take factory results from the use of Peruna.
dition of the blood vessels of these mem- any other. We have tested It and it work- write at once to I>r. Hartman, giving a
brr.nes. Peruna gives . tone to these ves- ed a great change in my son's health last full statement of your case, and he will
sels and restores them to their natural spring, when we thought he was going be pleased to give you his valuable advice
elasticity. . . into consumption. We gave him only one gratis.
Thus it is that Peruna. strikes at the bottle and he was all right."— Mrs. J. Address r>r. Hartman. President of The
root of the - evil a Peruna removes the Priest. Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus, Ohio.
naE3 ™ l 3 Sterling Furniture S™™" 1 *^
' ¦¦¦- ' ;: '"^f t?"^-"- -¦ 1
1 iui 1 10 r%C^ / - 4
; fev>iiairs' : --l ¦--.".,' ; ;-''' 11
>.Vc : We'd be glad to have ynu open an account with us m
. , You can make the payments to suit your convenience w
We have everything you could possibly need tn furnish a cosy home. \\
Besides the best of carpets and furniture, we have china, glassware, silver- B
ware and table cutlery. 1 , H
All sorts o' curtains and draperies- u
Richmond ranges * 3
; .-¦;.. ""<>. " ; -: best in the world 3
Our regular creditterms are accommodating enough to suit nine people out H
of ten, but :f you nesd special accommodations, either as to first or succeeding a
payments, do not hesitate to let us know. • ¦ K
I Sterling Furniture 1
S 'Phono ' . I*re» d«li-v«rjr In H
I private exchange ff r>5^"V 11101 !? H
Lsa/
1 Opposite MnAlli.^y INot a ; German > Prince.
Queen . Wilhelmina's : husband -dislikes,
above all things, it is even said, ¦ to • be
called -a German. Prince. Although Ger
man .; in , appearance, he lays particular
stress on the fact : that the • grand ducal
house : of « Mecklenburg Is the ; only < reign-
Ing family of Western Europe - of . ' Sla
vonic origin. It claims to be the oldest
sovereign house* outside .--'of Asia and
.traces *• its .- descent . through twenty-flve
generatlons.-^Jommerclal - Advertiser. . -
Assimilating the Climate.
Senator Mason leaned against the
weather map in the marble room of -¦ the
Senate yesterday and wiped, off half the
weather report for the , United States at
one swipe.
. The weather man saw what happened
and began to Jump about wildly.
"What's . the matter?" asked Senator
Mason.' 1 ¦ '-.'"-' '•'¦; •'¦¦¦: . ¦¦-¦..
• ."Nothing," replied the weather man,
."except that you have the climate for
all of the United States west of^ the
Mississippi on the back of your coat."—
"Washington Star.
W. F. Fipher, Beceiver
Of the . California Shoe Company, has
placed j 2C00 pairs of ladies' shoes and ties
on the table to be sold to-morrow, (Mon
day) for 75c a pair. ' These shoes ' are good
sizes, latest style toes, made of 'the very
best material, worth • $3, ;¦ every pair of
them; all -celebrated makes. One word
about this special sale— you can pick them
yourself, of course. ; No one person will be
entitled to more than two pairs at 75c a
pair at the bankrupt shoe sale of the Cali
fornia Shoe Company, 1506 Market street '
above City Hall avenue. ¦¦¦- - ¦"¦"»•.'
Singular Plurals.
Having settled the plural of rhinoceros
as rhlnosceroses, we are plied for further
information as to the plural of other re
condite nouns. "Albatross," for example.
So solitary . a bird scarcely, needs an an
swer." The plural of "blouse" can scarce
ly be passed as-,"bllce," though the anal
ogy of the mouse Is In its favor. And
what of the tailor's ."goose," which both
ers one of our correspondents? * We can
only suggest the, expedient of the tailor
who was ordering a couple of these instru
ments from the manufacturer. "Please
send me/She wrote, vtwo tailor's ,"
then came the difficulty, "geese" or
"gooses?" He tried back. ¦? "Please send
me a tailor's goose." Then as an after
thought, in a postscript, he wrote: "Please
send two."— London Chronicle.
Concord Ordered to Alaska.
"WASHINGTON, May 18.— The Navy De
partment has ordered the gunboat Con
cord, now on the Asiatic station,"* to 'pro
ceed to this country for duty in-'Alaska
She will assist In the strict enforcement
of the liquor laws in-the gold country. -
CONSTANTINOPLE, May 18.— The cus
toms authorities have prohibited th© en
try of typewriters .into Turkey, and 200
machines now. In th© custom-house have
been ordered returned to the consignor.
The authorities have*taken up th© pecu
liarly characteristic attitude that there Is
no distinct" feature about typewriting by
which the ' authorship can ¦ be recognized
or a person using a machine be , traced,
and that consequently any one is able to
put In type seditious writings without fear
of compromising himself. Hektographlc
paste and fluid are also : prohibited for
similar reasons. --.-¦/ ¦-:;:'•-
The Embassies are making representa
tions on the subject with the view of In
ducing the Government to take up a more
reasonable attitude. '. - .: • • . .:¦• ,.
Alleged Seditious Docu
ments.
— *~ . *
Afraid of the Circulation of
TURKEY PROHIBITS
ENTRY OF TYPEWRITERS
Seven-Masted Schooners.
Maine shipbuilders are developing the
schooner rig to such an extent that they
axe putting together a vessel of that type
with no less than seven masts. The new
gg fift^ffofffil de^hof ffld
of 32 and a tonnage of about four thou
sand.—Boston Herald.
Fireman Thrown From a
Ladder to the Pavement
Sixty Feet Below.
ST. LOUIS, May 18.— While fighting a
fire which threatened destruction to the
five-story brick building at 1101 to 1105
Olive street this afternoon Edward Green,
assistant foreman of engine company No.
22, slipped from a line of hose upon which
he was descending from the roof to a lad
der and was dashed to death on the stone
pavement sixty feet below. The accident
was witnessed by several thousand people
who had gathered to watch the fire. , j
Half a dozen firms occupied j the build-
Ing and they sustained a loss of $100,000,
which is divided as follows: Broadway
Furniture and Carpet Company, $50,000;
Val Iteis Music Company, $15,000; Lowen
stein House Furnishing Company, $15,000;
on building, $10,000; other occupants, $10,-
DOO.
CALL. BUREAU. 1406 G STREET,
N. W., ¦WASHINGTON, May 18.—
As the date for the christening of
the battleship Maine approaches
popular opinion here becomes
stronger. dally that the honor of shatter-
Ing the neck of the champagne bottle on
the craft will fall to the lot of Ethel Slgs
bee, daughter of Captain Charles D. Sigs
bee. who commanded the ship's ill-fated
predecessor.
Other women have been mentioned as
aspiring to the honor, among them, the
daughter'of Lieutenant Blundin, who was
THOUSANDS WITNESS
AWFUL FALL TO DEATH
officer of the deck at the time of the dis
aster to the Maine.
Ethel Slgsbee has recently become
prominent in Washington society. She
was introduced to the social circle in a
series of four receptions, and her pretty
blond .hair and blue eyes were much ad
mired. She. is musical and gifted in the
amateur theatrical line. It is a talented
family. Her sister, Mary Ellen Sigsbee,
carried off the scholarship in the Art
League ' here with a drawing from the
nude. ¦ .'¦¦./ ,
There could be no question of any fa
voritism shown the talented young artist,
for the work was unsigned.
Report Submitted for Con
sideration by General '
Assembly.
" PHILADELPHIA, May, 18.— Contrarv to
expectations, tho ' Presbyterian Qeneral'
'Assembly did not discuss the report of the
committee on 'revision of the creed of
faith, which was to-day, presented to the
commissioners. Y Thursday , and - Friday
next were set aside for the discussion of
revision. , ' ¦•
Appended to the report of the twentieth
century fund committee -were resolutions
which urge churches still burdened with
.indebtedness to take steps to remove such
within the. next j two years; reauestlne
congregations and individual slvers to
"prayerfully consider the enlarged needs
and larger opportunities of the boards of
the' theological seminaries, "of the academ
ic, collegiate and charitable Institutions of
the church, and - speedily to provide for
those greater needs as the . Lord may en
able them to do"; calling upon the synods
and the Presbyterians .: to "continue to
prosecute this work during the" ensuing
year by. organized effort i and the hearty
co-operation with the general committee,
and providing that the twentieth century
movemenrbe continued for anoher year.
,- The -• revision report, after a large
amount of preliminary matter, continues
as. follows: .
V After the patient consideration given to this
important subject, and after a protracted but
harmonious discussion of the subject in all its
bearings and in its possible issues, it -was de
termined to submit to the general assembly to
convene in Philadelphia, May 16, 1901, the fol
loging findings and recommendations, viz. : v
1. That the returns indicate that the church
desires some change in its credal statement.
2. That the returns Indicate that no change Is
desired which would in any way impair the in
tegrity of the system of doctrine contained in
the confession of faith.
¦ 3. These returns indicate that It Is' the mind
of the church that the confession shall be in
terpreted throughout . in harmony with the
teaching of Scripture that God is not willing,
that any. one should perish, nor is it the decree
of God, but the wickedness of their own hearts,
which shuts some men out , from the salvation
freely and lovingly offered in Christ Jesus to
all sinners. ¦ •
. 4. These returns Indicate that a plurality of
the Presbyteries desire that changes should be
made by some new statement of present doc
trines, i ' . _.."'. - .- - - . - "- - ¦
5. The returns also indicate a desire on the
part of many Presbyteries for some revision of
the present confession, especially in chapter III,
chapter X. section S; chapter XVI; section 7;
chapter XXII, section 3, and chapter XXV,
section 6, with additional statements concern-
Ing the love of God for all men, missions and
the Holy Spirit. ,
(a) In view of these facts we recommend
that a committee, aa provided for by the form
of government, chapter XXIII, section 3, be
appointed by this assembly.
(b) We recommend that tfiis committee- be
instructed to prepare a brief summary of the
reformed faith, bearing the same relation to
the confession which ¦¦ the shorter catechism
bears to the larger catechism, and formed on
the general model of the consensus creed pre
pared for the assembly of 1S92. or the articles
of faith of the Presbyterian Church of Eng
land, .both of which documents are appended
to the -committee's report and submitted to
the assembly to be referred to the committee
that may be appointed.
This summary is not to be a substitute for
the confession, and is not to affect the terms
of subscription, but to vindicate and clear the
doctrines of the church from all false asper
sions and misconceptions, to give a better un
derstanding of what is most surely believed
among us, and Is in no sense to impair, - but
rather to manifest and maintain, the integrity
of the reformed faith.
(c) We further recommend that . this com
mittee be ¦ Instructed to *. prepare amendments
of chapter III; chapter X, section 3; chapter
XVI, section 7; chapter XXII. section 3, and
chapter XXV, section 6, of our confession of
faith, either by modifications of the text or by
declaratory statement, so as more clearly to
express the mind of the church with additional
statements concerning the love of God for all
men, missions and the Holy Spirit. It being
understood that the revision shall' in no way
impair the Integrity of the system of doctrine
set forth in our confession and taught in the
Holy Scriptures. ,..,
The members of the committee appointed by
•the last assembly unanimously agreed to all
the findings and recommendations of this re
port, with the exception that Rev. Dr. : Wil
liam McKlbbon and K. C. "W. . Humphrey
could not approve of - the recommendation to
the assembly to instruct the committee that
might be appointed to prepare a summary o£
the reformed ¦ faith to be submitted to the
presbyteries. In connection with such other
amendments and statements as might be pre
pared. These members gave notice that they 1
would submit to • the assembly a report em
bodying thei findings and recommendations of
this report.- omitting the recommendation to
instruct a committee that might be appointed
to prepare such a summary of the reformed
faith.. .
In conclusion we feel Justified in the state
ment, and we think it fitting to state, that
our late lamented - member. General Benjamin
Harrison, gave clear expression to views be
' fore i the committee which assure us that he
would have joined us in the. findings and rec
ommendations of this report.
The report of the committee on mis
sionary and benevolent offerings did not
meet with favor by a majority of the
committee. A recommendation Is made
adding to overture No. la new section
as follows: .
The component parts of a particular church
are: The sessions, the deacons, the communi
cant members, with their : baptized children ;
the Sabbath school, with its scholars, teachers
and of fleers; the various societies or agencies
organized for the carrying on of Christian -work
and development , of Christian . life. ' r ,
The Rev. Dr. George TV Purves of New
York made a motion referring the report
to th© ; committee on church polity. He
said he feared such an addition • to the
overture might introduce a new definition
of the church and that this -/ definition
might be used to the serious detriment
of the> church , in the fact that Sunday
school children would be allowed a .vote
In church - meetings. !
John Willis Baer of Boston, secretary
of. the Christian Endeavor Society, spoke
in favor of the report on the ground that
if adopted it would - be the first time in
the history of the church the Christian
Endeavorers and Sabbath school children
were given constitutional recognition In
the church. The report was referred to
the ¦ committee on church polity.
During . the afternoon . most of the
standing committees selected ¦ yesterday
by 1 the various districts met and elected
their chairmen as follows: ¦
•' Bills : and Overture*, the ' Rev. Dr. C. * A.
Dickey, Philadelphia. ' .
Judicial Commissioner*, th« Rev. Dr.^- John
"W. .Dlnsmore.iSan Jose. Cal. - •
Home Missions, the Rev. Dr. H. K. "Walker.
Ijos Angeles, Cal. * rf -?'-av:
Education, tha Bar. Dr. D. W. Benhaxn,
Baltimore, 5 Md. . ,
- Theological - Seminaries, the , Rev. Dr. S. K.
Kennedy, Allegheny, Pa. " .
Ministerial Relief, the Rev. Dr. Henry B-
Mott, Elizabeth. N". J.
Freedmen, the Rev. Henry W. Hulbert, Hud
son, Ohio. • ¦ ......
Aid for College*. ;Thoma.» Dewinsr, St.* Louis.
Benevolence, the Rev. Dr. W. ;.W. Wheelan,"
Cincinnati, • - •¦¦ ¦ ' - - - ' •
. Narrative, John C. Chapman, Eackettstown,
N. J. ¦ ¦ • ¦¦-'-¦-¦.¦ : •'¦•-- ¦'¦ '
Temperance.' Robert Pltcairn, Pittsburgh "¦
Finance, -William Reynolds, Baltimore. *
COTJB.T XTPHOI/BS HIM .
IN C»LI<E0TIN P O TAXES
Decision for Internal Bevenuo Offi
cial in Suits of Spreckels Be
:'£?v-V- ¦ ~~>- fining Company.
PHILADELPHIA, : ; May 18.-ijudge Me-
Pherson,^ in A the - States Circuit
Court,", to-day - handed down an ' opinion in
the ¦ suits .'of i the Spreckels^Reflning Com
pany '.. to recover . $166,610; war , taxes paid , to
the Government underTprotest. -The suits
were instituted ; against , Penrose ; l A." Mc-
Clain;- internal • revenue ¦ collector of .the
district. ¦ ' - ' ¦ ' ¦ , ¦ -¦
The court' decides the act to be consti
tutional as an, excise but not a direct tax,
and holds. that Collector McClain was jus
tified \ in ' collecting ; the ', tax - monthly,- and
not annually. Z It is also < held that the in
terested ¦ company's ; corporate . funds'in
vested : in -' securities ' were taxable; also
that -'receipts:' from ."capital- invested in
wharves '., are ¦ taxable, • and < that - money
earned-byithe company priori to i the pas
sage of -the • act is not taxable, . although
received subsequently. Receipts earned in,
stevedoring were held not taxable, because
they are not part of sugar refining. ,\- -,-,; ; - 4
Result Expected by the
Presbyterian Revision
Committee.
DOCTRINES WILL
GAIN STRENGHT
CAPTAIN SIGSBEE'S DAUGHTER ETHEL
MAY CHRISTEN BATTLESHIP MAINE
From letters found in his pockets it
might be judged that Morgan Is a nephew
of J. Pierpont Morgan, the New York
multi-millionaire. This the 'man claims
?.hen hard pressed by the authorities. He
pays his relatives, including J. Pierpont
Morgan, sent him to California to get rid
cf him.
Morgan is well spoken and apparently
lias had the advantages of a good educa
tion, but strong drink has materially
d^dened his senses. When he appeared
in court to-day he -was ready to pay his
fine, but Judge Morgan sent him. to Jail
for five days in an endeavor to bring him
to his senses. Three months' imprison
ment probably will be the next dose.
LOS ANGELES. May lS.-During .the
last six months a large, square-shoul
dered, athletic appearing fellow has fre
quently been arrested by the local police,
the charge each time being drunkenness.
His clothing is torn and shabby, yet he
nearly always has money In his pockets.
The name "Dan W. Morgan" appears
upon the police records oftener than those
of any other five drunkards, and he has
the reputation of having been sentenced
more times and paid more tines than any
cne within 100 miles of this city.
Morgan came to this city about seven
months ago from New York, his relatives
having sent him in the hope that new sur
roundings and exile from his old consorts
would tend to induce him to reform and
become a respected member of society.
When he arrived in Los Angeles he was
well -drsscd. but it was not many days be
fore- he had sold his clothes and purchased
second-hand garments. With the margin
he frequented salcons, and before long
the money was in the coffers of the liquor
merchants. Later Ills remittance came
pr.d again he went on a wild spree.
Once a month he receives a remittance.
and he remains drunk as long as the
money lafts.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Los Angeles Slave of Liquor
Tells of Rich Eastern
Relatives.
Claims to Be a Nephew
of J. Pierpont
Morgan.
JAIL HABITUE
GENTLY REARED
Havana Strikers to Arbitrate.
HAVANA. May 18.— The striking steve
dores and lighter men have returned to
work, agreeing to leave their grievances
to arbitration.
Bpragne. The case was pronounced small
pox to-day.
Spragne, who lives In Happy Valley,
west of Anderson, has been on the sick
list for several days, but the nature of
the disease was not realized until to-day.
During- the several days that he was
around town many persons were exposed
to the disease.
REDDING. May 18.— A well developed
case of smallpox has been discovered at
Anderson, twelve miles south of Reddlnir.
The victim Is ex-Senator Frank H.
IHoves Among: I^eig-hbors for Several
Bays Before the Nature of His
Ailment Is Learned.
EX-SECTATOB SPRAGTTE
TLL WITH SMALLPOX
STOCKTON*. May IS.— A. H. Carpenter
to-day swore to a complaint charging- Dis
trict Attorney A. H. Ashley with a fel
ony, in that he promised to and did— so it
. is alleged in the complaint— refrain from
prosecuting Anna Stennett. John Stennett.
Ed Taylor, B. S. Clark and A. de Witt
for crimes which they confessed to have
committeed, on consideration that they
grive testimony in criminal casea then
pending against Arthur Ennis and Paul
Davis and in a suit for damages, entitled
A. H. Carpenter vs. A, H. Ashley. Car
penter filed the complaint with H. C. Hol
man, the foreman of the Grand Jury. The
Grand Jury Is at present investigating a
ohsrg-e of subordination of perjury pre
ferred against A. H. Carpenter by the
District Attorney and charges of perjury
against Arthur Ennls, Mrs. Ennis and
others. All of the charges grew out of
the trials of the famous Lodi hog stealing
ceses. S
Complaint Filed Ageing* Sail Joa
quin County's Prosecuting
Officer.
DISTBICT ATTORNEY
CHABGED WITH FELONT
THE SAN FB ANCISCO CALL; . 'ff UND A Y, ¦ " MA Y- fcl9^ ; 1901 ;
MISS ETHEL SIGSBEE, DAUGHTER OF THE CAPTAIN OF THE BATTLESHIP THAT WAS BLOWN UP IN HA
VANA HARBOR. THIS TALENTED YOUNG LADY WILL PROBABLY HAVE THE HONOR OF CHRISTENING
THE NEW BATTLESHIP MAINE, SOON TO BE LAUNCHED.
15
BBBBUBBBBEBESailBaQSEasaBaaZSESaSBaiBIBaflBiBiaBBn
I This Is of the Tl/f IZM\T Importance ¦
I Utmost l f I.bHVI to You ¦
n • ¦ -¦ ¦ • ¦' ' ':• '• " - :.K-P-- ¦ 5
S The man is yet unknown -who is great enough to master th* almost limitless £•
5 Held of medicine and surgery. No one Is more strongly convinced of this' than the £j
j, members of the staff of DR. METERS & CO. Other physicians, however, have tried »
S to do this, but have met with disappointing results to themselves and often disastrous- E
5 ly to their patients. For this reason DR. METERS &' CO. determined at the very S
JS beginning of their professional careers, away back In 1S31, to limit their practice to g
£* a single line of diseases, and to originating and perfecting cures for such ailments. S
™ . They treat, consequently, diseases and weaknesses which they are absolutely certain £*
¦¦ they can positively cure, to STAY CURED forever—namely: •¦
El NERVOUS DEBIIJTY. LOST VIGOR. PREMATURE DECAT; WASTING S
H DRAINS,-UNNATURAL, LOSSES. STRICTUREv RUPTURE. VARICOCEIjE. SLEEP- «
? LESSNESS. BLOOD POISON, SPECIAL. DISEASES OR DISEASES QP THE KID- ¦
¦ NETS. BLADDER. SPINE, / LOVER, HEART, STOMACH AND ASSOCIATE DIS- ¦
B EASES AND WEAKNESSES OF MEN. ,, . -. ' fl.
H _^=^^^^^^fe»^ I>R" 3iilix:i!iRS & CO. do not use sped-
m flcs, electric belts or other fraudulent g|
™ . Xgjg^$ggj§3g^g|gEga TJgS flovlces or schemes so common nowadays. ~
H /^iililPi^Sisl^^V^^^ Each case is treated separately and B
mi ._ i^li=^ scientifically and carefully watched aa »
§ *[lfi&%^^^f the CUr* P^Sreases. DR. METERS & n
0 fffc^z^^jy lW/ CO ' never administer mineral or other m
H &&2%i&%9 V^ dangerous drugs, nothing being used but gj
" flg^^^s^r \y the extracts of barks, bads, berries, gum gj
9 roots, flowers, plants and leaves. SB
B OK^^Ws m*^^&i >AZ&^ Men who ue suffering or embarrassed B
fl _'>*'•*; W &£y(fli lfcffirsf wlth weakness or disease should not los« B
H v\ \ O> a 1- \ "^ ~ Y BODILiY AFFTXTTIONS WIX»L> IffOT "
O \ [• GET CURED WITHOUT HELP—THE fl
Si vv 'vini ' v' \ RIGHT KIND OF HEXJV S
fl \W_v// '5rv /wife \> THAT THE LONGER THET CON- H
¦ "-'.' ~-l3Twft'ft. J&F^dfa<. >,# TLNUE THI3 LONGER IT WILT, •¦
H wVfi. tffi/m?mkmh TAKB TO CCKE THEM- s
B \M$ nW/WJ^^S^S THAT THE COST AS WELL, AS THE S
H f^W«CH®^^&^Wpfif DANGER INCREASES EVERT DAT S
83 J THAT TREATMENT IS NE- SSI
H ' M v GLECTED. Q
¦ £BR V 'i^&VmW^^/i^' THAT EI.ECTRIC BELTS, OTHER g}
¦ /^^ DANGEROUS STIiTULANTS, PAT- m
m <^KM7>m?/>/jaS>>^ ent medicines or an ordi- m
g ¦ -^Z \\T^^ • NART DOCTOR CANNOT POSSIBLT |Q
Ba ¦ ¦ . , '' : ¦ • BB
S No Pay Beqvired Till Cure Is Eilccted |
|j . Patients can arrange to pay after they are entirely well, or may pay in weekly or "3
B. monthly Installments. No other physician has ever made such a* fair and liberal of- -'
El ¦ fer. 1 Prices always, reasonable. .' . - ¦ "* 3
¦ ALL MEDICINES FREE. No Charge for Consultation I
H Most physicians charge from two to five dollars for advice. DR. METERS & CO. *"
3 give It free.--Most', physicians either charge an exorbitant price for medicines or send *~
fl their patients to a'high-priced drug store, where.a commission of 10 per cent la paicl "Bl
» to them on all their prescriptions. DR. METERS & CO. resort to neither of these un- H
fl prof essional' and unfair methods. They furnish from their own private laboratory all - BS
H the necessary * medicines,' appliances, etc.. without any cost t^the patient whatever. -fl
¦ HOME i URES A S^ECSAilTY S
'fl : If you cannot call write for private book, diagnosis sheet, free advice, pricc3 H
|H and other particulars. Thousands of men cured every year who have never seen H
H the doctors. Consultation free. All correspondence confidential. -No printing on en- fl
H velopes or packages to Indicate name of sender. B
¦ 7Q1 MARKET STREET, | ELEVATOR I Hours^-S to 5 Dally.
B / u o v c '¦•' • -' ': mtmniTw Sundays—9 to lu *¦
B * -Vf-* San Francisco. | ENTRANCE | Evenings— 7 to 8. ¦
¦flBflBBBflBaBBBBBBBflBBflESiBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBflaSBB
Free Hair Grower.
Any Person JSan'Have Absolutely Free— -Just for the
Asking— A Most Marvelous Remedy That
Does Grow Hair on Bald Heads.
HISS HISLOP, of New Zealand, Cured of Total Baldness.
A meet remarkable remedy for growing hair her condition is the photo of Miss Emma Era-
on bald heads, in fact, the only remedy in the ond. which you have published in your .pam-
wld-that positively will grow hair on any ph !f.V. I V, WlU Slve me Dleasure to have you
wo.ia t aai »osiu>eijr * publish this testimonial. James Hislop, Kal-
bald head, has been discovered b* a Cincinnati tangata? New Zealaiia ...- (MUa Emm jU Em .
doctor, who sends It absolutely free to- any ond's address is 24 Chateauruay St., St. 'Sau-
and every one who writes asking for it. Since veur, Quebec, Canada.) The photo of Miss Hls-
IiJe discovery of the marvelous cure, thousands lop, which is here reproduced, gives the reader
er.d thousand* whose heads shone like bottles an Idea of what this wonderful hair remedy
have been cured of baldness and now possess did for her. It will do as much for you. Don't
a fine head cf hair. Letters of grateful thanks worry alonsr with switches to cover the thin
pour In from all z>erts of the world for this spots. Don't be . bald or. have your clothes
great free remedy that never falls to grow hair covered with dandruff and fallinsr hair, but
end make It closer, soft and wavy. send to-day for the remedy, absolutely free,
One of the most remarkable restorations that will cure baldness, thicken thin hair and
from total baldness was that of Miss Hislop cure all scalp disease. It will do all for you
cf Kalianeata. New Zealand. Her father, in that it has. done for. others. ;,
expressing his grateful thanks to the dlscov- If ycu are bald or have thin hair or diseased
erer of this famous hair remedy, says: ,"We scalp cr prematurely - gray . hair, suffer no
can never thank you enough. Your remedy has longer when the remedy Is absolutely v free,
done wonders for my daue-hter's head. She write to-day, to the Altenheim Medical "Dis-
had not a hair on- her head, and now she has pensary. Cincinnati, O.. 3S04 Butterfleld Build-
a eplendid growth of beautiful, wavy, glossy ing, inclosing 2-cent stamp to cover postage,
hair that 1» very-fine and silky. It was about and receive by return . mall, all chances L pre-'
nine years that she ha_d not" a hair on her paid, the remedy that will restore your hair to
head, and the best idea, that I can give you of 1 a" healthy, thick and vigorous 'growth/'
*- . iw> iii»d mi ¦— )in>^iB»«^itfeii ninmiauB'iitii i l> • • . •
\ TROUBLE AND DON'T KNOW IT
To Prove What Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney Remedy,
, WilV Do for YOU, Every Reader of "The Call" May
Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
* . , * . ¦« .¦
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible for more sickness
and suffering than any other disease; therefore, when through
neglect o? other causes kidney trouble is permitted to continue,
fatal results arc 6ure to follow. /
Your other organs may need attention — but your kidneys most,
because they do most and need attention first.
If you are sick or 'feel badly," begin taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney, liver and bladder remedy, because
as soon as your kidneys are well they will help all the other
organs to health, A trial will convince any one.
The mild and Immediate effect of Dr. kidney, bladder and uric acid diseases,
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the gTeat kidney poor dlgrestlon, when obliged to pass
and- bladder remedy, is soon realized. It your water , frequently night and day.
stands the highest for its wonderful cures smarting- or irritation In passing, brlck-
of the most distressing- cases. Swamp- dust or sediment in the urine, headache.
Root will set your whole system right, backache, lame back, dizziness. sle<sp-
and the best proof of this Is a trial. lessneas, nervousness, heart disturbance
14 West 117th St., New Tork City. due to bad kidney trouble, skin erup-
*>?£»• Sir: " Oct. 15th 1900. tions from bad blood, neuralgia. rhCtt*
"I had been suffering severely from kidney ma t1sTn rHnhoto* hinatfnv irHtaWit^
trouble. All symptoms were on hand; my for- ma " S ™l SI | a iv° 5 nS ' iw tabl lty :
mer strength and power had left me I could w . 0I ? 0U , t 'ee Ing,, lack of ambition, loss
hardly drag myself along. Even my mental °f flesh, sallow complexion, or Brighfs
capacity -was grivine out. and often I wished to disease.
die. It 'was then I saw an advertisement of If your -water, when allowed to remain
yours in a New York paper, but would not undisturbed In a glass or bottle for
have paid any attention to it had it not prom- twenty-four hours, forms a sediment or
ised a sworn guarantee with every bottle settling or has a cloudy appearance. It Is
of your medicine, asserting that your Swamp- evidence that your kidneys and bladder
Root Is purely vegetable, and does not contain need immediate attention.
any harmful drugs. I am seventy years and SwamD-Root Is the mat dlwnvurv nt
four months Old, and with a good conscience I £ m ,£lf; °?£J J^v,,^,! 2
can recommend Swamp-Root to all sufferers £/; *^5frJ he JF£}f?} dne .y a . n^ bIad "
from kidney troubles. Four members of my der specialist. Hospitals use It with won-
family have been using Swamp-Root for four derful success in both slight and severe
different kidney diseases, -frith the same good cases. Doctors recommend it to their
results." V patients and use It in their own families.
"With many thanks to you, I remain. because they recognize In Swamp-Root
Very truly youra, the greatest and most successful remedy.
ROBERT BERNER. Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and is
Tou may have a sample bottle of this J^sale the world over at druggist? in
famous kidney remedy Bwamp-Root, Sff" J&^e^SSlS* 'SSJg&Sr^K
sent free by m^ll, postpaid, by which you name, Swamr>-Root, and the address,
may test Its virtues for such disorders as I Binghamton, N. T.
EDITOKXAX NOTICE— If you have the slightest. symptoms of kidney or blad-
der trouble, or if there is a trace of It in your family history, send at once to l>r.
Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y., who will gladly send you by mall. Immediately,
without cost to you, a sample bottle of Swamp-Root and a book containing many of
the thousands upon thousands of testimonial letters- received from men and women
cured. In writing, be sure to sav that you read this generous , offer in the San
Francisco Sunday Call.NEW YORK, May 13.— It will ioon b©
pofslblA to learn of tho approach of an
ocean steamer twelvo or fourteen hours
before Bhe reaches tho harbor of New
York. Relatives and friend* who wish to
greet Incoming paflucngcrs will have am
rlo notice, mill will bo able to make their
arrangements In comfort. i»onsons resid
ing in Jturtford, Albany or Washington
can rermiTn In their homos until they
learn that th« boat has been sighted and
thry will then be ln pORltlon to tnko a
train to the metropolis and to reach tho
pier before tho vesnel In made fust. Many
vexatious delays will be obviated.
Special Dlepfttch to Th6 Call.
Marconi System to Herald
the Incoming Steamers
Many Hours Ahead,
Wireless Telegraph Will
Tell ot Approach of
Vessels.
TO BE REPORTED
BEFORE ARRIVAL
THp SAN FRANCISCO CALL r STJNDAYy MAY lO, 1901-
Torpedo -Boat I/aunched.
BATH, Me... May l^The. torpedo: boat
Blddle was successfully launched from the
Bath Iron Works to-day. The Blddle is
a sister torpedo boat of the Bagley and
the Barney, which within a few days have
completed their trial trips and have
showed speed wore than a knot in excess
of the twenty-eight knots required by the
contract. The Biddle cost $161,000.
Killed by Salpon-Xeeper.
'LEWISTONT, Idaho, May 18.— A Bpeclal
to the Tribune frpm ' Grangeville says:
Edwin Otto, a well-known cattleman, was
shot and killed last night by William
Dunkard, a saloon-keeper of Pollock, Ida
ho.County. It 1b. stated' that the trouble
developed over the attention paid Otto's
wife by Dunkard and that the latter act
ed ln self-defense. ¦
ALBANY. N. Y., May 18.— The great
street railway strike, lasting twelve days,
requiring the presence of 3000 members of
the National Guard in the city, costing
the lives of two prominent merchants and
entailing an expense to the county of Al
bany of over $39,000. is amicably settled,
pnd if the agreements are kept there will
be no trouble for three years at least. The
calm- which succeeded the killing of two
inoffensive citizens two days ago by Na
tior.al GuardEmen was succeeded this aft
ernoon and evening by enthusiasm, when
public bell towers and city newspapers
proclaimed that the twelve-day strike on
the street railways of five cities had been
Settled. Flagf ; flying from public and pri-
Viie buildings, horses and wagons decor-
To-night several of the lines are run
ning in this city and all of them in the
other cities, and by noon to-morrow all
the lines will be running on schedule
time with union men. The first informa
tion of the settlement of the strike came
Lines Again Running:.
ated with bunting and the national em
blem, citizens carrying small flags in their
hands and enthusiastip youths and other
wise dignified citizens chasing after the
cars marked some of the earlier scenes of
the afternoon. . _ , . _
The repair wagon left the Traction Com
pany's barn with its old union crew
aboard, and going along Pearl street re
ceived an ovation. It was decorated with
flags and escorted by a joyful crowd very
different from the angry mob that had
followed the cars the lasffew days.
The funerals of the two victims of the
soldiers' bullets will take place to-morrow
afternoon.
The Tenth Battalion was ordered to dis
perse-about • 7 -o'clock, as was also the
Third Signal Corps, and the only armed
force here ls the Twenty-third of Brook
lyn, which will leave to-morrow morning.
The men will be sent back to the cities
whence they came.
The Second Regiment was ready to go
to Troy by 4 o'clock, and at 7 o'clock to
night the Ninth of New YorK had also
left the city.
That no proposition to strike shall be acted
upon until forty-eight hours have elapsed from
the time of the notification, and that if a
strike is ordered It shall not take effect until
six days.
The withdrawal of the 'guards was as
expeditious as -was their coming here.
When General Oliver was informed of the
agreement orders were issued to the Sec
ond and Ninth regiments to prepare to
leave immediately, and they had taken' In
their details and broken camp before Gen
eral Oliver received word from Sheriff
McCreery that the troops were not needed
any more.
That the road may hire or discharge any
man without reference to his affiliation or oth
erwise with a union.
. The traction people obtained these con
cessions:
That men who were on strike and committed
violence shall not be reinstated.
Employes Obtain Concessions.
Employes permitted to ride on their own
divisions free by showing their badge.
No discrimination against . strikers who have
not committed violence.
, Providing the Inspectors boarding a car need
not be rung unless they present an equivalent
to a fare. . - (
The road to pay any employe for lost time
when suspended and found not guilty.
Increasing night men's and extra men's
wages to 20 cents per hour.
Granting men the right of appeal from a
decision of an inspector or the superintendent
to the Traction Company's executive board.
at an early hour this morning from Troy,
where it was announced that the Troy di
vision of the Railway Employes' Union
had decided to sign the agreement pre
sented at last night's conference. Fol
lowing this notification the other divisions
met ln Albany and after they had signed
the agreement the Traction Company of
ficers signed It, and at 11 a. m. to-day It
became binding. From the face of the
agreement It is evident that the striking
men won these concessions:
SETTLEMENT OF THE STREETCAR STRIKE
THAT COST TWO LIVES AND MUCH MONEY
Plea for Starving Natives.
SEATTLE, May 18.— E. W. Clark, Spe
cial Treasury Agent, has issued an appeal
on bf-half of the destitute natives of the
Aleutian Islands and of Alaska generally.
The failure of their regular hunting sup
plies and the recent epidemic to which
they have been subjected are given as the
direct causes of (the present destitution.
Supplies and contributions received will
be distributed by the revenue cutter serv
ice.
Close of the Street Fair.
SAN; 'BERNARDINO. May 18 — The
street fair was brought to a close to-day
with a : splendid floral parade that exceed
ed In beauty anything of the kind ever
seen in this city. '
Two Miners Perish.
SONORA, May IS:— J. A. McLaughlln,
a native of California, and Theodore
Lonpatti, a native of Italy, were killed by
a premature blast in the 400-foot level of
the Golden Gate mine this morning. When
the night shift came on at 6 o'clock Mc-
Laughlin and Longatti were missing and
men were sent to search for them. They
were found in the level, terribly mangled.
McLaughlin leaves a wife and daughter,
who went to Angels Camp, on .Thursday
to prepare to move to Sonora. . Liongatti
hae a brother living at Sacramento.
Lola J. Whittle Commits Suicide on
Eve of Her Departure for .
I # South America. .
SAN JOSE. May IS.— Miss Lola J. Whit
tle, aged 18 years, committed suicide this
lixening by taking strychnine at the homo
of her mother, Mrs. Laura Patch, 98 De
vine street. She was subject to hysteria
and had been despondent for several days.
Her parents have been divorced and both
have re-married. Her father, Dr. Lewis
Whittle, who is a «• resident of Buenoa
Ayres, i South America, requested her to
join him and she was to have sailed on
Monday. Although n«r choice was vo lr
untaryjit is believed the thought of leav
ing friends here had a depressing effect
upon her.
SAN JOSE GIRL ENDS
LIFE WITH POISON
California Raisin-Growers to Reor
ganize Upon an Entirely New
System.
ITRESNO, May 18.— The California
Raisin 'Growers' Association in mass
meeting to-day decided to reorganize upon
an entirely new plan. The growers will
lease their vineyards outright to the com
bine for a term of three year3. The
growers will attend to the raising of the
crop and the association will market it.
The consideration for the lease is to be
$10, for which shares will be Issued. A
canvass will now be made for signatures
to tho new contract.
The meeting to-day was harmonious. If
a large percentage of growers should re
main on the outside the association will
cut. prices to force them in.
WILL LEASE VINEYARDS
TO THE ASSOCIATION
IXDS ANGELES, May 18.-At the last
rcRular meeting of Stanton Post, Grand
Army of the Republic, a resolution of con
«uro was paseed, condemning tho cour«o
of General H. G. Otle during Prculdent
McKJnley's visit to' this city, and extend
ing thanks to General C. F. A. lAUt for
hl« uniform courtesy to the Grand Army
pouts,
After redtlni the services that havo
been .performed by the members of tho
Grand Army of tho Republic nnd assever
ating thn membership of Ooneral Otis and
the hlgh-handcd action of their fellow
mumbcr the resolution says:
But as further plans and details wera formu
lated, and all hearly completed for ths "grand
occasion," It became known to un. or our sev
eral commanders that, through the egotistical
whim and self will of one of the members of
the general committee (whom we are aorry
to say ls a member of one of the organiza
tions of the old soldiers who nerved faithfully
thHr country from 1S61 to 1S65) that we were
to be relegated to a secondary and side posi
tion. ' '
And, being affronted by this egotistical and
self-constituted authority, the several organi
zation!! through their commanders appealed to
Genera) C. F. A. JLast, brigade commander of
the Second Brigade of the National Guard of
California, who had been made general and
commander of the military and other organiza
tions that were to act as escort on that occa
sion, and stated our claim, affirming that ln
view of strict military etiquette and previous
military service we were entitled to the posi
tion of honor on the right of the line.
After complimenting General Last the
resolution is ordered posted upon the rec
ords of Stanton Post and a committee ap
pointed to wait upon General Last with a
copy.
The men called upon General Last to
day and presented him with compliments
and the resolution was then given to the
press for publication.
Declare He Attempted to Put
a Slight Upon Grand
. Army Posts.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Denounce His .Manage
ment of McKinley
Reception.'
VETERANS FRAME
REBUKE TO OTIS
A contract has been made with the Mar
coni Wireless Telegraph Company of Lon
don and special machines are now being
manufactured for the service.
Thl« Kroat Improvement In the marine
Bervlce will bo Instituted by the Herald
us (]Uickly ait the Marconi nystcm of wire
less telegraphy can bo Installed aboard
the Nantuckot Shoaln lightship and on the
nearest point of land, Sankaty Head, on
the Island 'of Nantucket. All necessary
preliminary arrangements have been com
pleted and the system will be In working
order on or before July 1.
The United State* Government has set
ita official seal of Eanctlon on the project
aa one that will be to the general good,
and representatives of the great steam
ship companies are enthusiastic in its
praise.
16
;,.¦;' AD VEBTISEMjENTS. ..?..'•
i SPECIAL VALUES A
At Our Bi£ Store y^^l
Fm TMIS WEEK. 'Ipl
rt tfl LADIES' GRAY PEPPER AND ll^p
OllC TlS HAND TURNED SOLES^ WW
AND TIP, THIS WEEK ONLY AT 90c.
-^r^kmrt f\fo MEN'S FINE TAN YICI JMk^
S llll KID, LACE, TAN KID
ah / 111 i OR FANCY VESTING
Jmk VP&*w\J%J TOP, MEDIUM SEWED JMk
ffiU SOLES, STITCHED EDGES, LATEST STYLE figBMr
>\m$i COIN TOE AND TIP, A REGULAR $3.50 / {g|jA
PP VALUE, THIS WEEK ONLY AT $2.60. p||f
tthey are equal to those sold elsewhere for '^^^^
$5 00. If not as repressnted return them *ra|i||
and get your money back . WiP
NOLAJV BROS.,
' - WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORES. >-J^^Si
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
~ MH rUANVIMO.
(Main Line. Foos of Market Street)
lgavb — Fkou Mat 5. 1301. — A»fti*«
7:30 a BetiicU. Sufsiin. Elmira. VfttavUla.
- . KuuiSfJ unii .-wer.uumito. .. ?<*19p
7:30a D»tU, Woodland. KnighU L»i 41og.
' Maryatilie. <>m»iiln. 7:34v
7::n>* Atlantic K»pr«u— Ogilen ami >ul !3iU3r
. 7:30* Port • o«t*, M.rtl.ez. Krcf.no, UiO.
ford. VimIU. l'wrur tie l:.^3r
" «I:O«» Ma;ii/.e/.. •i-hii.'j.mii. 11. V^Iieju. >»[¦»,
- • Ca£»tnf»a»tt&MM liint n-.'iir
N:U»a Xttps, riran.ntjn, Liseimorr-, Stock*
- - too, Fmau, iianford. \:a-jlji.
It " Porter»i.lo , , 7:8S»
8:3<fA Shasta Kiprrss— l>i»7i», VViiJi ma(fur
Itortlett Sprlrca), Will. vs. tied
IUuff, I'ortUi d 7:."J3»
• iXOA Han .l<>»«, l.lfarinon-. Mtwktuii.
lone, .Mnc-ra,, „-,¦<.,. Hi 1 « iiir,
iUijn'in*. l.-iilon. If- .1 IS .If 4>33t
»:3»* OaViUff, ChintBo jV'Juuto,'. 80-
noitkCarten... l:2.T>r
«:OOa nxTwanls. N:!i < ml W »y .Htwtiun*. I l:»t
!>:»<> a Los Anzeles FX|>re» — . M»rtii»-.z,
¦ Tracy, Lull"' ]<• ,1 ,,.,*tm>, M.rcni
Frennu»i><) L01 Angoles 7i29y
U::iOA Vul|.-J<>, .Murtluj/. *nu >V»> Stations f>:3Ar
ltt:OUA Tho O*«rUml .,¦ mi te<l- Outlet'. y ea .
Tec, Uiuaha. C'liloien Ai^Sr
fl:OOr .Ssicruin<-u:.» lilwMtimm | (.-»:<>¦»%
3:3»P llu;w*rtl.i. Nil.-n »ud Wt) SUtk»n. 7:33f
4i«»r Heiitcta, Winters, Hitcruuiciilo,
\V ( »imIIi»ii.1, KiiImIiU LitmlliiK.
Mnryollln, (>rniill« IO:II34
•lt(»«p Martinez, Hail lUuuvi, Vnllejo,
Nh;i;i. CkIUIokh. Sni.ka lt.>«» »:2»«
4i«Op Nlles, LWermoro, Stockton, Loi!i... H»-3»*
4t»Or HlJWalds, Nil** Han.lime, Liv< rnnnre (H:!V5a
SiOttr Tim Owl I.lniitad— Traej, Stockton,
Fieauu. KakenDelil. Mai:e<m for
Santa b&ibiira, I.oh Aneelru SsSS*
iiQOt Jfew Orleans Exprexs — Balcersfle'd.
Los Angeles, I> mtng, £1 faso.
New Orleans and E»st 7ta.iA
3:O«rYosemlt«. % 7»33a
•}:<><> f Haynaidi, Nlien and San Joae ?-•* >»
ttt:OOi- V»lk.jc. 11:334
OiO»r Oriental Mail— Og<leu. Cbeyenne.
Omaha. Cblcaeo I2:2»p
• iOOp Otiaiital Mail— Ogilen, Denver.
Omalia. Cliic»«o •»:a.1r
?tOUp Oreuim au'i California Kxi-rnu.NHo-
ritiiiKiitK. Mariatlllo. Kb.I.IIi.r, .
r«irtluiul, Pnilfot Snni.il Hint Kut .1:-1!*»
StMSrSaa Pablo, r»it «.'ost». Mirtiue>
ami (Vt> MUtious I I :.V»*
t»8QJp vaiif}<> 7»a.->r
COAST LINE (.Narrow «au S e).
(D'oot ot Market Street.)
t J7i »» a Santa Cruz Excursion to riwta Cnu
and Princ-ptI Way Statlcns »<»:O3»
Si IS* Henark.CViittiTTille.Naii.luao, Pfltnn,
LVmlUer Clcelc.Sanla Cruz ami Waj
HUtiurm , 3:.1»t>
tailSF Newark CenterTllle, Sail Juae, New
AlinaileD. Faltou, HoiiMer l/'reek,
Santa Cruz and Vriucipal Way
SUtloua t«»«3rtA
««I3r Newark. Saa Jose, Los Gatos { jloSoi
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
FrtmSlH raiSClSW— rsot ar Miri.L S'.n.tiSiii>3)—
t7:15 »:0O 11:00a.m. 1:03 J:53 5:lSr.M.
rraaotiuig— rm »i Bt««iwi»._ tH-.oo ta.oo t3:0*
l0:00t.M. 12:03 2:83 t:83r.U.
COAST IiLVE (Uroa.l (Umjo).
(third and 'l'o-.v nsenil Sta.)
«>¦•* Ban Joae and Way Mtitiona. nf.inr
4?:«Oa Man .los« ami Way HUtl.ma Ii3wr
n«at»A Sanday Excursion for San Jcto,
Hatta Cruz, r.etrto Grore and
Principal Way Stations ;S>3Or
»'••* S»n Joie. Ttm I'li.on. Hunt* <tn».
' Pudilc Grove, Salinas San Lois
Obispo ami Principe) lutersedUM
. Statt.ma., 4tl«p
lStSOA San Joae and Wsy Stations. ?>3«r
/H»>*u» New Almadeu / 3:3l»f
llia»A Hau Joieaiul Way SUtlnua SittOr
t3i'l3p,San Mateo, Uedwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Sauta Clara. 8»>i Joao,
Tres Pinos. Santa Onm, Bailuas.
Mouter«jr ami I'ncilic <iro»e |IOi4Sa
»i»»r Han Jo»«aud Way Statlona 8:3«a
t* s I* r |»n J»se»ii.t Principal Way Statlona UiJS*
f3:OOp San Joae, Los Gitos aud Priueipal
Way Stations.... '.. t»<«*»
StSOp 8a» Jose anil Principal Wa.» Statiuua 8:33*
¦•OOP Redwo->d. Has Joa«, Cllny. SaUnaa.
m *« «?.•:','• B *>f^».LoH Anicelea lOiOS*
•iOOp Del Monte. Monterey, Paaflo Oiaie.
m - Loapoo ...i lttitt*
•t.*tOp Ban .Iota an J Way Rtatlona ?"•• lto »
alls-iapSaii Jos»»ml Way Station* 7«3O»>
A for Monitnf p f or A t teruoon.
• J" 1 " 1 *' •*c»iite<L t «nndar only.
a Saturcuy only. /Tuesdays tod »rld«|t>
Santa v Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally. Dally. Dally. Dally.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
" Merced .. 12:25 p 1;17 p 1:15 a
" Fresno ... 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a
" Hanford 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" VJsalU .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 445 a
" Tulare ... 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a
"Bksfield-. 6:50 p R:20 p 7:30 a .,,.....
"Kan City. ........ 2:41a 7:30 a
" Chicago . I 2:15 p I 9:00 p
a' for morning. ;¦ p for afternoon.
. 9:00 a. m. train is the California Limited
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
lo Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
-first-class passengers, -No second-clas3
tickets aro honored on this train. Carre-
epondlng train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
4;20 p. m. ls Etoekton Local, Correspond-
ing: train arrive* at 11:85 a. m. dally..
8:C0 p. m. ls the Ovrland . Express, -with
through Palace nnd Tourist Sleepers and
fre« Reclining Chair Car. also Palace
Sleeper, which cuts out at Pre»no. Corre-
sponding train arrive* at 5:55 p. m.i dally.
7:20 a. nv Is Hakersfleld Local. «toppinK
at all points. ln San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m, dally.
Offlcea— W - Market «treet and In Ferry
Denot. San Franclnco: 1111 Broadway.
OnVlanrt. . '.¦ . ¦
ADVEBTISEMENTB.
STRIKES THE SOURCE
A Pile Cure That Goes to the Boot of
tho Disease.
There are lots of lotions, oils and salves
that will, through their soothing influence,
relieve temporarily the pain Incident to
piles. But Is that all the sufferer requires?
Isn't It a horrible thought to realize that
the ease ls only temporary and the dis-
ease goes on under the surface without a
moment's Interruption? Wouldn't It be
wiser to select a remedy that seeks the
source and regulates those deep-seated
disorders which induce the disease?
Pyramid Pile Cure not only relieves the
pain at once, but effects a permanent cure
of the worst form of piles.
You don't have to go through a tedious
course of dieting while using it either. It
strfkes through those delicate membranes
and tissues and sets the blood in healthful
circulation, reducing, at once the painful
inflammation and congested tumors.
This remedy Is not a haphazard combi-
nation of drugs, but is a remedy invented
by specialists who have treated piles and
blood disorders successfully for years.
Manufactured by the Pyramid Drug Co.,
at Marshall, Mich. Almost any first-class
druggist has it on sale.
Don't treat this disease with every j
lotion and salve that comes along. Re- j
member the parts affected are among the
racst delicate in the human body. This
remedy is absolutely safe and no one need
tear to apply it f reefy on the most in- j
fljimed parts. The speed with which it al- |
lays the pain is an agreeable surprise to j
the sufferer. ' ¦
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
CALIFORHU NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND KORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market S^
San Francisco to Sen Kntatl.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 0:00. 11:00 a- m. ; 12:35. I
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. in. Saturdays— Extra trips. at l:au
and 11:30 p. 111.
SUNDAYS-S:00. .9:30. U:00 a. m.: 1:30, 3:30. 1
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco. >
WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:60, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:«, !
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55 .
and 6:35 p. m. j
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 0:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
6:05, 6:25 p. m.
Between «an Francisco and Schuetzcn Park 1
same schedule as above. j
Leave I In Effect I Arrlv»
San Francisco. | April 28, 1901. | San Francisco.
Week. I Sun- \ I Sun- I Week j
Days. I days. | Destination. | days. | Days. ;
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Sa^nta Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am - . Windsor. 10:35 am
6:00 pm Hcaldsburg. 10:40 am
Lytton.
• Geyserville.
3:30 pm S :0f> am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm I 8:00 am | and Ukiah. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am ¦' ¦ 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:00 am GuernevllJe. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm 5:00 pm 6:20 pm
7:33am 8:00am Sonoma. '9:15am 8:40am
. and .-'.
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30. prn| 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Sprlng3 and White Sulphur Spring; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaess Springs ; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's Bucknella.
Sanhedrln - Heights, Hullville, Orr's Hot
Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg, West-
port, . Usal, Willtts. Laytonville. Cummins,
Bell's Springs, Harris, ¦ Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka. . .
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced ' rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office— 650 Market street, Chronicle^
Building.
H. C. WHITING. * R. X. RYAN. .
Gen. Manager, ¦ > Gen. Pasa, Ast.
ADVEBTISEIgEIfTa.
How many mothers realize that when
the baby's advent is expected they need
strength for two instead of one. Wom-
en, weak, nervous, "just able to - drag
around," find themselves confronted
¦with coming maternity. They have
not strength enough for themselves, how
can they have strength to give a child?
We don't look for the birth of strong
ideas from a weak mind. .Why should
we expect the birth of strong children
from weak mothers?
The way to ensure health and strength
j _ to mother and child
I ' £&||A is to use Dr. Pierce's
jMg/j&M Favorite Prescription
ijj^^r^H as a preparative for
&)b^***='-'^' ) brings the mother's
M^^^^^^^& strength to give her
•*^^»^^^^ child. It nourishes
SHHH s . nerves an^ so
-l^^l'^P^I courages a natural
TOW^^^^^ appetite and induces
' B|^^^^^^ ti° n " m^es weak
¦5B§||Bil&?|||* women strong and
JgHp^^f'^'''^^ sick women well.
There is no alcohol
. ! free from. opium, co-
caine and all other narcotics. ;
"I wish to let you know the great benefit my
wife derived through taking your ' Favorite
Prescription,'" writes Mr. Robert Harden, of
Brandon, Manitoba, Box 235. "It was when-
her baby came. We had heard so much of
your medicine that my wife decided to try it.
( I may . say . my wife's age was thirty-three
and this was her first child). She commenced
to take,* Favorite Prescription ' five months be-
fore her child was born. We have a fine healthy ,
girl, and we believe that this was mainly owing
to the 'Favorite Prescription,' taken faithfully
according to directions, i We shall certainly rec-
ommend it wherever we can." . ;
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, paper covers, is sent free on
receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to pay
expense of mailing o?tly. Address Dr.
R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
I IMMENSE5ALE0F BLACK SILK GRENADINES 1
ZZ atvtt) $L5O <5>TJ-A-XjIT"S' -A.T 98o ITjSLJEUO.
= GSOO vanJB ol flne All Silk Black Grenadines. clo»ed out at a discount from a prominent New York ImDOrter, - go on --J
•— rale here to-roorrow at almost half their actual values. It ls beyond question the greatest bargain* opportunity of the season, par- — {
CT tlculariy eo an Silk Grenadines are so popular this year. The styles are beautiful In eraduated and even strlpe«. • checks ana --j
ZZ plaids. They are folly 44 Inches wide and have been Belling all the season at $1.75 and Jl.BO a yard. Tour choice, while «U/> -^
~~ they last, at /. ••••• ••••• '••••• yard uvv ,^
ZZ OUK TH -FilVEEgaiJQTTJa BriAOK SI3JB: SiVXjS =3T
S= Wa* a phenonrenM «nocee«. We have never before sold so many yards of grood black silks, but we •ecured over $10,000.00 worth of .-r^J
ZZ choice Black Taffeta. Peau <le Bole and Duchesse at less than the silk cost, and that's why we can. offer them so remarkably r3i
•¦" cheap. Again we offer, beginning to-morrow, * ~"!
60c BLACK TAFFL7* FOh 44s YARH. 81.25 BLACK TAFFETA 83c YARD. 185c BLACKfPEAU DE SOIE 59c YARD. =-
ZZ 3000 yards 19-lnch Black Taffeta Sltk. 3000 yards S7-lneh genuine oil boiled Taf- Nice quality all Silk Black Peau de Sole.
«¦"- *xc«llent for lining, a food WMirtng qual- feta 611k, guaranteed to give perfect sat- so desirable for waists and skirts, well -^,
ZZ Hr; regular price COc. On sale A An Wactlon; regular prtco $125. On QQ C worth 80c a yard. On sal* at KQr» zSL
.— At , Yard T"T"V» caU at Yard wuv ¦ *»»a w~
— — 60c BLACK S4TINUJ3HESSE 483 YD. %
*— 91 OR Rl APk* PFAI1 nF QfllF Q7r YARfl AM Bilk Black Batln Duche»te. a rich, r^J
6 s 1C« Dl kt*V TICCLT. PnO R7a VARn w' 1 * 3 DlAWK rtftU UC OUIC 3/U !AnU m, troUi bl&ck; every yard worth AQq, --»
tr 75C BLACK TArrtlA run o/C TAHU, Extra hetvy quamy an B i, k B iack peau eoc. on «io »t Yard *rot
P- TDM yard* rood cniallty Black Taffeta d« Sole. * rich black, never sold for lass nn«ii nrri/tiiLin -^B
t= mnFJtith lu.ir-u.Wk. 21 inch*, wide; than « 25 a yard In > thl, city in ,fW .th. NEW WASH NEfKWfcAR.
g: !u r..»..?s.-S..ST.s 57c Th «^ ui ' rprtce % n h * ck^ r r em ; w n e i 1 ve" 3
% 20c FANCY RIBBON \ ~^iS" "X3 * —
£~ 14c Yard. i boc Fach. 3'
GnB-a-T 3VC^V.'«" <S-A.XjiaE3 OP "^rillTEl GOODS.
S We will Indurate to-morrow our OREAT ANNUAL KAY WHITE GOODS BALE, the nvent which all San have
•t= OOWDsTln pretty, open designs, are Included Jn this Immense aBsortroent It ls beyond question the White Goods opportunity _-«•
of the "v^ar anfi no woman can afford to miss It. , ., «m
E tOeliii-UioiajS'SJPS.SSt 2, c Persian Lawn 20c Fancy Wnlte6oois^K:rs 3
£ 7c Yard. »:.^^ Tc 17c Yard. g^gj ff« MB -&£?££, 3
. 'this season's choicest sty lee; worth 1O/» ~^»
ZZ ~~~~ 20c. , Sale price Yard 1OW ;
1 ffi SB "" S3 ! a!r" a Vo? 3=c Persian Lawn 5US1W2WS 30c Fancy While G^s &«SS2S 5
12c Yard. SS".:...!S^ 12c 2 4 C Yard. j" 'gsi" "vs"- 17c Yard. ??',"„ 3
mm- price ...Yard Z^v hemstitched and embroidered effects; worth j£
30c and 35c yard. Sale price 1 Tr» ;^g
2T! ORr« Inrfis I imn r>00 pieces extra fine Yard -*S
10. Si 8^ IKn W^nennU 200 pieces fine Nainsook, nr ~- nf i; B « 70-lnch French Organdies.
ZZ ISC laid. £rfce^ j" C~ IOC NanSOOK nice Mft quality; best IBC *'C IllganU.eS nIce quallt y. for gradual-
g C .!.:.:v::.-Yard I8c nc Yar d, g^ Uc 29c Yard, Sq" :
£r . price Yard JSOt jg
£ 20c Victoria Lawa^ wn pl^ e a© 25c Nainsook ® 6'c Orgindles 5^ «^ r l?p 3
B l4c Yard ' 14c I8C Yardl ""Vc^^is'c 48C Yardl !^^ ?€I 48c i
BLACK DRESS M?DS BARGAINS. TUNINGS AND ALL-OVER Y0KIN6S. 3
m Yart S^-rVfuiK U^ te ch,^n^^^. an rin^^ 3
|IC i«I". -r . sponged aJid shrunk; the kind that is so ser- f rom S5.OO yard down to Ovl
fc: Wnrih tl 9R \1ceable for summer skirts and suits; TTC -rxV,n. r-v-roA cncriAi c "•
fj: «0lin the best $125 quality. Special at.. Yard 4 C TWO FXTRA SPECIALS.
«>- 7C , V «,J Gennine EnfflUh Pierolas in small figured de- BOO yards Batiste Tucking with reveres" and hem- YS\C -*
7 C YarO, sign": a rich lustrous black; an excellent qual- stitching, 27 inches wide; worth $1 25 a yard. Special at C OC -
<¦—- Wnrih 9\ C.f\ Jty that Is so durable and fctylish for skirts; yards Point de Paris and Normandy Valenciennes — « 1
J^; VIUIMI wliJU' 44 inches wide; sold regularly at rT^C Lace Edges, from 2 to 5 inches ln width, very choice patterns; »-*g
m*- |i BO. Your choice at Yard * uv regular price 25c a yard. Special for Monday l*) l C "^
Yard I^(2\^
~ OCMOATIIIMAI PADPAIK1Q WONDERFUL VALUES IN W*SH FAER'CS.
SEE tjLlMljAllUrlAL DnllUHillOl Wet, cold days in the East are partly responsible for the
«--» Vhlivni iwi»J»fc» .«t«ii»w"»»» w. hundreds of pieces we recently bought at prices far less than —j
•— • j« I CMI CMI, CMI/ the manufacturer ever expected to sell them for at this time of
ZZ LafleS C K OIIK CUR the year. Hence these extraordinary values. • -^
•— fcl """'' "~ •'¦-¦ , . , n Vori) 200 pieces American Dimities and Batistes Z*m
ZZ RrPQQ Slfirt^ Wfl iStS Pfiti COatS ' UC ' a ' D ' • ln "tripes, scrolls and all-over designs. —•
UlCao OMIlO ??aiOld I OIIIUUUIO U/nrth IRo SnH 90P »« H« nt - medium, and dark grounds; ele- 2
IT" •- nn cno ill CD nft ell V DCTTIOniT flUIUI Ul# 0!IU £tl*i gant for indies' and Children's summer -«¦
•t= $^.UU lUH AN OO'"U oILk re I I ibUA I • dresses; every yard In this collection worth 15c and 20c. flf)c 12
ZZ This ls the greatest Silk Petticoat bargain ever offered in Your choice ¦•. **y _-«
~- Kan Francisco. Our New Torit buyer purchased them at a Qp YflM ffir RP^t Your chotce for Monday only. Our entire jT£
ZZ Treat loss to the manufacturer, as he needed ready cash. 3l» 'clU IUI BBM st ock to choose from of best quality 36-inch _«*
Over GO dozen ln this lot. They are made of good quality rust- IQlft Par* 9 06 Percales ln light, medium and dark grounds. "^J
line Taffeta Silk, with a 10-inch accordion plaited llounce: cut ¦*- u ' »»i uioo- ln str ipes, dots and scroll effect; all very rS
g— litra wide- in shades of Reseda. Old Rose, Lavender. Pink, desirable styles; warranted fast colors; sold in every Qf» — «
~- Light Blue* New Green, Red and Black. They are <C^-** W house at 12V4c. Here to-morrow only at Yard <J\*
S^ cheap at J8. On sale Monday at - Each tptF .p YarH fnr For Monday we offer 20 pieces fine Grass -^
• ¦" _^___— I Ow IflIU IUI Linen, eo stylish for dresses and waists; ex- *^
E S?.98 FOR ALL-SILK WASH WAISTS. 2^ Grass Linen. 3
£ siik^is^made £%*$&*». f^J^cor^ &3?*fiZ EXTRA SPECIAL — VALUES IN HOSIERY AND UNDERWEAR. 3
2Z In pretty patterns; also pure white; lined throughout; a fine Ribbed Vegtg h , h neck , on
»_ fliromer waist and perfect fit guaranteed. On sale §O_ '2C taCll. sleeves, lace trimmed neck, finished seams, in pink. •
JET « - blue ecru and white; also drawers in knee nnd ankle 4>£Z/-> -m
»— length; all si?eg. Special at Kach *<LP*~> ;^g
SS= Cin Rfl FOR CfR nn If IllF^ SKIRTS n** Pair Indies' All-over Lace Lisle Hose, perfectly team- --•
.^. 41 I.3U riln *IO.UU OILK UlCOO 0Mfl IO. I g fall- lt8s: extra length; sizes 8 to 10; regular i}PZ r Z^g
S^ We have gathered together 75 fine Black Silk Dress Skirts c quality. For Monday special at Pair -*i*J\* m^ m
g- that have eo!d from 115 to $17 M each. The styles are all the - . 1M dozen chnaren's Imported Maco Cotton Hose: =qg
S^ very latest, in tucked and plain effects, with Liberty ruching |JjQ |- a,|. double knees, spliced heels and toes; warranted _-•
•— xnd applique trimming; made of good qualify Taf- C|(Y 6 »> Wfirfh 0Rl» stainless: sizes 5 to 9; the best 25c hose |Q r zSS
JC: Ceta cilK. Your choice «J7»vr — VVUllII Jn th (, clty . Special at. Pair lU^
E $4.95 FOR A $7.50 ALL-WOOL ORESS SKIRT. 85c CAMBRIC AND MUSLIN DRAWERS 50c PAIR. 3
»= Indies' eeven-gore skirts, deeded dip cut. circular flounce: 100 dozen extra quality Ladles 1 Cambric Drawers, with cius-
liuituaiiWUiUiiuaituuiuaiiuiuitiatiuauiUiwtuuaiiaiuawunuaiuiUitwuituumiu^
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
Persondly J
i^^DJ^H Conducte.d
l\ f)4 Jfl'Mf K^ffiff /f 1 I change to Boston. Tickew and berths |
¦ \i\ f I )mx ri°gK3gia] at So ? t . hcrn racific t - cktt o!!iccs cr |
\\ i J w| \ fJHTgf |8BiwyiiBii 631 Market St., San Francisco. t j
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦BBBBBBBBBBBHBBBBBIBlBBEl
SA MESSAGE TO 1
¦ B . . - . ; .. 'I
5 fl^pift WEAK MEN. \
\£ This is a message to men. It is to |
K men Vv^° want to 1 '. ee^ e mcn< ' oo ' c E
ffl f&P^^ '^1^^^^ e men anc^ act e men - This is to g
¦ Wf " '' i?l men who lack courage, whose nerves |
E }h\ T \ are shaky, whose eyes have lost their I
5 / 4^ ras^ \ sparkle, whose brains are muddled. I
E / 'if^^^^^^P^ *\ ideas confused, sleep restless, confidence |
H I' jM^ < '"^^^ I gone, spirits low and easily depressed. S
3 I "^^^. v** 6 *"' 1 ' jW. 1 w^° are ac^ war d» hesitatine:, unable to g
¦ I "j^V *^^^ \ vcnturc .because they are afraid of fail- Q
¦ \^ ure ' want somebody to decide for R
a K&w^ ? "~yvi?r^ -r^ij^q them, who are weak, puny, restless. It S
2 K^Sf '"'^^5^^^^^^3 ' s men w^° nave P af t o r a ll of these B
F symptoms and want new life, new |
6 4^^/^^^^^^^^^^ force, new vigor. I offer it to you in my S
I W '/W^ Mi Br. Mclaughlin's Electric Belt, jj
¦ E®4f lilft'ifh it&$ * l as r^ 6 to re d health and strength to thou- Jj
t&i\ /'///''//Jv >BiA sands of weak and impotent men. If used as a
" fxsSi //''if /S\ /#*<a J direct it is a positive cun> and cannot fail. E
R . K^I HrJ'iSB i I jjgffH It Kivea the vitalizing power of electricity m
? k^£7I Wl/f/(€Sil vfiff*59 without burning or blistering, to every weak- Z
W bPhI mSimSI /Kk23i ened Dart, developing the full vigor of man- ¦
5 BJLMvW «JnlHsS» hood. It removes all the efTects of indificre- B
" iS0Sk v \WV.\lJ VvV\^^a tlons or excesses forever. The failure of medi- B
H EjIBILv K ( a\1S/ '\VS5?f fine, of quacks, and even of other so-called ¦
B ESuhLX »\tt W ' 11K«g Electric Belts ls no argument against Dr. Me- E
ra JS^Sw^SV V»'\V !£S9 I^aughlin's Electric Belt. No other treatment, B
** I tSvl B*. \Ti\rt M 5 *^ no othe '" belt, is in the same class with it. 8
B WkssBM&I* l'l\\' 1R£^M Kverythlng else may fail, but Dr. McLaugh- b
Q HmSfffnifii 'rt\ ,J8 VM Hn's Bolt will cure. It HAS cured thousands E
S Iffff hJiMiMH ''vi, A&^Sfl wno have trled other remedies without buc- »
K Ik/yjJ I l«M\WM C SPECIAL NOTICE.— If you have an old belt a
Sat / / 1 I nKilfi'EaW t of ancth «' r m ake which has burned and nils- P
Hj/ / / I Jh£b1VtI\ \ \» tered you. or one that did not possess elec- m
_ /K' / / ,<**S'JKt i X \ VSl tricity. bring it in and I will allow you one- £
H fcW / fai^sg^fWa y \ \» half the price of mine for it. E
B rr*i-r'^i3yn -in ii^Tn *ffPVi -^8 l ptve vou a free te st to all who call. If you Q
a M^aM^w-^^jniyi f'^sggtfs^^y can't call I will send you my beautifully illus- a
™ t^'-' trated book with full Information free. Call ft
H or write now. Don't delay. . , U
1 DBi Mt C, mCLAUGHLI^ sSfF^nc^iS". f
BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBflBBDBBBBBBB!
¥ lust a little belter . ,
| I than an^ other train |
i| —a little better service—
a a more homelike
I w feeling on the
than you Qpd elsewhere,
and it runs like this
LEAVES SAW FRANCISCO
9 am Hon Tues Wed Thur Fri Sat Sun
ARRIVES CHICAGO
2.15 pm Thur Fri Sat Sun Aon Tues Wed
75 HOURS TO CHICAGO f
ON THE
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April 23. 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VAX.LET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55. 8:30, »S:30. 11 :» a. in..
12:45. *1:45. 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. »6:15. 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00, 8:Q0. »9:00. n0:00. 11:00 lj-30
a. m.. 12:45, *1:33, 2:30, *3:45. 5:00. 6:00. 7:33 p. m
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sqn-
days.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— *5:25. 6:27. 7:47, 8:35, 10-15
a. m., »12:?5. 1:15. 2:20. *3:35, 4:40, 5:30 p m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15. *8:00. 9:45. *11:00 a. m »1»
m.. 1:00. 2:15, »3:30, 4:30. •5:43, 6:45. 7:30, 10:10
p. m. • ¦» -
Trains marked (•) »tart from Fan Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45, 7:55. 8:53, 10-30
a. nv. 12:35. 1:45. 2:43. 3:50. 5:10. 5:29 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
. SUNDAYS-6:35. 8:00, 10:05. 11:10 a. m. 12 13
1:20 2:30. 3:45. 5:00. 6:15. 7:15. 10:30 p. m. ' '
THROUGH TRAINS.
' 6:55 a, m. week days— Cazadcro and way sta-
tions. • . ¦ . .
- !:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. -
5:15 p m. week days ( Saturdays excepted)
Tomale» and way stations. .
S a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way stations
10:00 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations. . .
MOUNT JAM ALPAIS RAILWAY
. Vl» S»m%!iu> Ferry— Foot of M irktl St.
tr»"C «»n rR*N, *nmvc ua ri»*.
8:00 a.m. 1 ) • fl2;l5p.«.
•JO a. ».( 1:15 p.m.
SS::S:[ •™n*™.".»4ss;:2:
23UP. M.J i [ 7:10p.m.
run. Sin Prmndra* Is Hammlt tad Betnra, tl 4*
Ticket Offices. <H1 Market St.. & S»p«alito Perry.GRAND HOTEL.
B F Wetherby, Boston
G F Peabody & w,
Massachusetts
J M Jones & w, Cal
F A Webster, Atwater
J H Pattee. Cal
C H Poole, Boston
N H Smith, Chicago
G J Owens, Bkrsfleld
Dr C E Reed & w, Cal
E E Canfleld, Chico
A S Dolan, Tatton
J F Clapp. Chicago
R Duval, Va
D S McLean, Portland
M M Matbews & w,
South Bend, Ind
M A Brummer, N Y
¦VV K Callahan. Ariz
N A Innie, Indiana
L V Behmes, Cal
W M Pindleton, Seattl
T M Landrum, Cal
Mrs II L Harris, Ohio
G Twineham. Ohio
T R Hamer, USA
T A N'oxen, Los An£
A W Evans, R Rosa
F Buckrens, Bkrsfleld
C Lake & w, Reno ¦
J V Laird, Alturaa
D Eldrelck. N Y
C A Moss, USA
O a Forster, Wash
V Pinckney, Pa
J Aiexander & w, 'Cal
R L Graham & w, Cal
Miss E Wright, Lodl
J H Andersen, Salinas
Dr M L Loomls, Cal
R P Burmingham & w,
Chicago
N Hale, Stanford
O H Bamburg, Cal
G W Van Sydkel, N Y
H H Hunter & w. Cal
Mrs C M Martin, Cal
E M Barry, Pittsburs
R T Dorsey, Georgia
G Stewart, Pasadena
J H Hanin & w, Cal
A J Bledsoe, Ukiah
J Blascheck. N Y
Capt J W Smith. Stktn
W S Wallace, Boston
A Sylvester, S Rosa
E A Gilbert. Sacto
W Thomas, Chico
PALACE HOTEL.
A J Vlerllng & w . Neb
E B Smith, Minn
E Konichle, Evansville
W L, Glfford & fm. Ill
G L Glfford. Chicago
E <; Gifford, Chicago
C P McComb, Duluth
J A Eustace, Elmira
S W Huff. Baltimore
G W McElroy, U S N
B K Reed, N Y -
L. T Breuner, Sacto
C H Lymberg, N Y
W N Mathews & w.Ind
C H Phillips, San Jose
G W Mathews. USA
C "W Fenton, USA
J Nicholson, Stanford
L Schmetzer, Honolulu
B L Morse, Honolulu
D S Cone, Red Bluff
W W Chapln. Sacto
Mrs A B McCutchen,
Los Angeles
J S Chapman & w, Cal
L A Lombart & w. Cal
E M Wilson & w.Wash
K H Yost, Stanford
E F Sweeney, Seattle
E P Gibson. Seattle
A B Long, Fresno
Mrs A Rockwell, N T
Miss Elliston. NY
Mrs \V C Hollister.^Md
H lr»Her, New York
L>r W B Murphy, Gil
Miss J M del Conte,Cal
A Bush, New York
A W Hersey & w, Cal
M N Gerhard,- N Y
Mrs G II Ix>ng, Mich •
Miss E Long. Mich
K P Long, Mich
C Hutchlns, Boston
J L Drummond & w
Miss Drummond
Mrs R Stoux
I>r H Gulrich
Mrs S A Patte«
Miss A D Adams
P L Dexter & w
J Wood & w, Fresno
A Knab. Cincinnati
Gen J C Bates, USA
Capt H M Reeve ADC
Gen Grant. U S A
Capt Fenton. USA
W A Brewer; S'Mateo
H G Stevenson, Sacto .
H Lauphlin, I^os Ang- '
W G Blatt, Mich
It's funny that most domestics' are Im
ported. • ;,; , ¦
Nearly 400 members of the Order of the
Eastern Star, including Grand Matron
Mrs. Bowes, Grand Patron E. "W. Conant,
Grand Secretary Mrs. AVillats, and other
grand officers and past patrons and ma
trons of lodges, assembled last night in
Commandery Hall of the Masonic Temple.
The occasion was the official visit of the
grand matron. During the evening John
Tonningren, the patron, stated that the
chapter's invitation on a gold plate ex
tended to Sister Mrs. William McKinley
to attend the session had been delivered,
but her condition, of course, prevented an
acceptance. He added that yesterday
morning, at the request of President Mc-
Kinley, he called at the residence. of Mr.
Scott, jvhen the President, on behalf of his
wife, informed him that the invalid great
ly appreciated the kind remembrance of
her sisters of California Chapter and ex
tended thanks for the costly invitation.
Three candidates were initiated to dem
onstrate how well the officers performed
the work. The officers were highly com
mended by the grand matron. The candi
dates were Hiram D. and Lillian M. Nich
ols and Burt Davis. Mrs. Lizzie Tonnin
gren, the worthy matron, who is also
grand sentinel, on behalf of California
Chapter, .presented the grand matron a
handsome souvenir spoon. For the first
time in the history of the order in this
State, the tables used by the live points
of the central star were superceded by
white Corinthian and doric columns, on
each of which stood a cystal vase filled
with flowers of the color of the point of
the star. The effect was novel and very,
pretty. After the cermonies there was a
collation for all. ...
Receives an Acknowledgment of the
Invitation Extended to Mrs.
McKinley.
CALIFORNIA. CHAPTER
ORDER OP EASTERN STAR
Steamers Santa Rosa and Queen, sailing
every Sunday and Wednesday for San
Diego, stopping only at Santa Barbara and
Los Angeles ports. Improved service; low
rates. Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
office 4 New Montgomery street, under
Palace Hotel.
Delightful Ocean Trips.
Fraternal Hive held a most interesting
meeting last week, and besides taking in
five applications initiated two ladies into
the mysteries of the order. The commit
tee on Focial dance reported all arrange
ments complete for the dance to be given
on the evening of Wednesday, May 29.
The ladies are well known for their pleas
ing entertaining abilities, and it is ex
pected that many of the members, both
Knights and Ladies of the Maccabees,
will be in attendance.
Ladies of the Maccabees.
Knie-hts of the Maccabees.
Ban Francisco Tent at its last meeting
Initiated three candidates, and Special
Deputy Greenberg handed in seven appli
cations, promising to have as many more
the following review. The commitees on
the Maccabee picnic reported that the
postponed picnic will be held at Fern
hrook Park. NHes Canyon, on Wednesday,
June 5. It Is expected that a good many
Sir Knights and their families and friends
nill turn out on this day for a jolly good
time. Games will be introduced at the
grounds to amuse both young and old,
and the committee from San Jose also
j-romises a good gathering- from Santa.
( "lara Qounty. which will join the San
Francisco delegation at the park.
The department is not yet ready to
make public the findings of the board
which Inquired into the Insubordination
of the cadets, with whom Ralston was a
great favorite, but it is believed the ex
tent of the punishment recommended will
be the deprivation of the class involved
of some of the minor privileges dear to
oadets. It is not known here that any
arrests have been made in this case.
WASHIXGTpx. May 18.— The War De
partment has' received, through Colonel
Mills, superintendent of the military
academy, the report of the board of offi
cers which investigated the disorders
which occurred at the academy about a
month ago as the result of the imposition
by court-martial of a severe punishment
upon Cadet Officer Ralston for his failure
to maintain discipline at the mess tables.
The record of. the court-inartial in Ral
ston's case has been filed in the War De
partment and Its sentence, which involved
confinement within the limits of. the post
and much additional duty. Is in process of
execution.
Cadets Who Championed the
Cause of an Officer to
Pay Penalty.
Punishment Meted Out
• for Insubordination
at West Point.
MUST MAINTAIN
THE DISCIPLINE
Father Burns, pastor of the Immaculate
Conception Church, also spoke to the
crowd and asked them to preserve the
good name of the town. The crowd lis
tened attentively and respectfully, but re
newed the efforts for the negroes as soon
as the speakers had finished. At 1:40 this
(Sunday) morning. Sheriff McCormick of
IJayette arrived here with a force of dep
uties and succeeded in placing the negroes
on a special train, which is now taking
them to- the jail at Uniontown.
Shortly after midnight William Moore,
son of the murdered man, came from his
house. He mounted the steps in front of
the lockup and said:
"For my mother's sake and for my own
sake, I ask the mob to disperse. I don't
want the negro dragged out and you
should not want him."
Suddenly down the street came a crowd
of men bearing a telephone pole, which
the crowd speedily took and, using it as
a battering ram, began to knock down
the walls of the building. By 11 o'clock
the mob had used the battering ram so
effectively that the outer wall broke
through. Exposed and showing plainly
under the electric light within stood the
negroes. The officers threatened to shoot
the first man who attempted to enter, and
thus succeeded in holding back the mob.
Then the mob formed for a determined
assault upon the building. Half a dozen
officers blockaded the narrow aisle lead
ing from the outer doors to the cells
shouting for the lives of the prisoners.
The officers stood firm. A few minutes
before 10 o'clock a few leaders of the mob
succeeded in getting inside and opened
lire with revolvers on the negroes through
the bars. The officers fired in the air and
drove back the men with revolvers.
Within a few minutes the Jail was sur
rounded by a crowd of enraged citizens.
In the midst of them were Moore's three
sons, crying and adding to the excite
ment and the bitterness of the crowd.
Early this evening when the streets
were crowded ¦ with the Saturday night
throngs, William Moore and Baggage
master Johnston of the Fairmont branch
train were attacked by the negroes as
they turned into an alley from Main
street, going: toward the rear entrance of
of Hotel Haas. Moore was struck with
a brick on the head and fell forward.
Quick as a flash the negro Fairfax leaned
down over the prostrate victim, jerked
his watch from his pocket, took his
money from his clothing and then took
the unconscious body in his arms and
hurled It over a stone wall, a distance of
thirty feet. Moore was not : dead ¦when
he was hurled over the wall, but the fall
broke his neck and he died instantly.
The murder was done right in the heart
of the city. When a crowd from Main
street pressed upon the negroes they ran
down the alley, but The wife, throwing
stones and bricks, held the crowd back
until three policemen rushed in upon her
and dragged her away to the lockup. Lat
er Fairfax was captured and locked in
jail.
CONNELLSVILLE, Pa., May 18.— Five
thousand frantic white people surrounded
the fragile little lockup in the town hall
here to-night. Behind the cell bars -were
William Fairfax and his wife "Black
El," both colored, who had just murdered
William Moore, assistant yardmaster in
the Baltimore and Ohio. yards.
Son* of a Murdered Man Re
strains Citizens From
Violence.
Pennsylvania Jail At
tacked but Lynching
Prevented.
MOB CLAMORS
FOR NEGROES
Maud Gonne second. Miss Aubrey third. Time,
1:21. -..-.'.¦¦ •¦• ¦¦< ,-.•->! • .. -¦:•:. ¦ : ¦¦•
One mile and twenty yards. Belling— Petit
Maltre won, Amelia Strathmore second, Bru
lare third. Time, 1:43%. - - . • ' ;
, CHICAGO, May : IS. — Worth summary: -. ; >
Seven ' furlongs — Prairie Dog won,' Knight
Banneret second, Maryland Reserve third.
Time, ,1:30 2-5. •
Half a mile, handicap — Ed Austin . won, Jo
hanna D second. Bridge third. -Time, :4S 3-5. V
Five furlongs, selling — Maggie Davis won,
Emma R second. Governor Say era third. Time,
1:02 1-5.' .. ¦ ¦ ¦'..-,•
* Piper handicap, mile and a sixteenth— Caviar
won, Louisville second, Robert Waddell third.
1:46 2-5. - . ,-¦- --•.'-¦¦¦¦¦.¦••¦-¦¦,. ;.- ..
One mile, selling — Laureate won, Trebcr sec
ond,. Pleart third. Time, 1:43 1-5.. .
¦ i One mile, r selling— Handlcapper " won, • Zaca
tosa second, Sunro third: Time. 1:42.
¦ One mile. '• sellins — Little Singer won. Lake
view Belle second, Phideaa third.; Time, 1:43.,
¦-T CINCINNATI, May'.; 18.— Newport summary :
ST. LOUIS, May 18.— Fair Grounds summary:
Six furlongs— La Desirous won, ~: Lauretta
second. Sue Johnson third. - Time, 1:15.
' Mile and twenty yards, selling— Jake Weber
won, Aurea second. Linden Klla third. Time,
1:43. ' ' ¦ V ¦¦¦ . .¦ - ¦¦ . *¦¦ ¦¦ .. • ¦ • - i; *-.¦:• ¦ , ;.
Four and a ; half furlongs— Old . Hutch won.
Lee Nutter second, | Kaloma third. '.. Time, , :51&.
Golden Rod selling stake, value ; J150O, seven
furlongs — Ampere - won, , llilee . second, Bowen
third. Time, 1:27. ¦;.. ¦ ¦
Six and a half furlongs— Silverdale , won,
Carroll r>, 107 (Miles),' 60 to 1 and 20 to 1, sec
ond; McDowell, 122 (Henry). 15 to 1 and 6 to 1,
third. Time, 1:01. , " v . :.
Ladies' stake, ono mile— Janice won. Lady of
the Valley second, -La Vallierlo third. Time,
1:4S#. , . , : ¦ ¦ " . - ¦
: One mile— McMeekln ¦ won. •¦ Star Bright - sec
ond, Ben Viking third. Time, 1:43.
International j steeplechase, handicap, about
two and a half miles— Passo Partout won,
Lady ; Dainty -second, • ! Higbeo . third.- : Time.
4:57%. . • ' . .• ;
NEW YORK. May ¦ 18.— Despite a drizzling
rain and a track that was deep in mud there
was a large crowd at Morris Park \ to-day to
witness the running of the National stallion
race. The favorite. Green B. . Morris' Cunard,
coupled with Golden Cottage, at 8 to 5 in the
betting, won ridden out' from Carroll D, an
outsider, by one length.. -This fixture Is worth
115,015, the winner getting $11,315.:' Summary:
Seven furlongs, selling— Scurry won. Bal
loon second, Historian -third. Time,, 1:32%.
Five furlongs— Lucillne won. Gay Boy sec
ond, Shandonfield • third. . .Time, 1:00%...*
¦ National Stallion stake, five furlongrs — Cu
nard, 122 (O'Connor),' 6 to 5 and 1 to 2 won;
Stake at Morris Park.
Cuoard , /Wins the National Stallion
RACES ON . EASTERN" TRACKS.
-"WASHINGTON, May IS.— The firm of
Curley & Johnson, brokers, -will resume
business within the next week and will
pay dollar for- dollar on their debts. The
assets of the firm, it Is stated, amount to
almost $500,000. mostly collectible accounts,
while the liabilities are less than 1200.000.
Brokers "Will Pay All Debts.
A Modem Hotel.
To • those looking for desirable apart
ment?, centrally, located and moderately
priced, the . Noveau Hotel. .312 Stockton
street, possesses -the features that will
appeal to particular people. . •
Six furlongs — Dick Hobson won. Sylvlan
Belle second, Eenaide third. Time, 1:14%.
Six furlongs, ! selling — Erema won. The
Bronze Demon second, Lillian Hoffman third.
Time, 1:15. \ . ...
Stx furlongs — Unsightly won, J J T second.
Pillardlst- third. Tiim-, 1:13*4.
Mile and an eighth, selling— Hlnsdale won,
Slasher second. Outburst thtrd. Time, 1:55.
Four furlongs-^- Wedding March won, Lynden
Tree second, Lena A third. Time. :4S*i-
One mile — Charlie O'Brien won. Peter Duryea
second. Fairy l>ay third. - Time, 1:41U. ' .
One rslle, : over four hurdles-^Sauber won,
Charlie Daniels second. B. G. Fox third. Time,
IMS. *¦¦ v
- CINCINNATI, May 18.— Latonla summary:
One mile — Anchor won. Beauty Boos: second.
Cross Ties third. Time, 1:42*4.
, Six furlongs— Teucer won, Ethel Davi3 sec
ond, •: Marion Lynch third. Time," 1:16. "V •
Six furlongs— Fancywood won. Slna second.
Sim W third. Time. l:14Vi
; One mile— Grandon won, - Trinity, Bell second,
Judge Redwine third. Time. l:10',«.
Five furlongs— Car Maid won, Jean Raphael
second. Amirante third. Time. 1:CZ%.
One mile— G W W won. -Whitfleld second,
Dolly Wagner third. 1 Time. VAX.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 19, 1901.
17
I THE EMPORIUM, v | THE . ElceORrD M. .; :; j , . . . THE 2MPOEIUM. ; . . .| . THE EMPORIUM.
- >— , , w - — - ¦ j ; ~^ ; ¦ : ; : : ; ' ~ ~ ' ' ™ ~ — ~— - -—»¦ ¦— ~r: ~ - -"-"¦"'- n -~ ~"
! The famous 5-cent gg FMrelight WF Cigar P xm s^zo!^ sale all this week, W for 23c* %
jf Ths Dig Store's Telephone Is i C om^ humonsA WWNL ffM©^SSbISi^^ h*ads at ail km*s Sheets 5 2' 2 C Each. $
X Rnivatn O*>ir%<l ¦ Ingrowing. Toenails, -.etc, cursd gg BfWlH H . BVBi VJT ffij Wj M Bm^^S or Ind an P>cturcs, Portieres, 50 dozen of the good graue djub.e Be t Sheets,
St Exrhannn OSSJi bv Dr. Carl Dihmc', Surgeon fiiiip &"" \sfcff»rff hWPI" Kindergartens and all kinds of fancy 81x90 inche , ths kind .that loo< fine and .T
S *"i*ng& !-><** chiropodist - Mezzanine Floor, HW5i B-II^.^'sSI.hI. «*~ work— Toy Department, tecond wear weU, al iddv for use, on specal n!e >
* " Special operator will, connect, you west side. ¦ E» ftolflCnTICilBe f&ShW.a ftf. floor . Monday only, each SZO 1 f* £
it with all departments. ' "I — " : — - CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE . mJrjk*2l* J€
* I There is not an article that you. will need for -your • Slimmer oufmg that the big store cannot supply you with, and at prices only made tossibh bv |
* the Emporium's Perfected svstem of Cash Merchandising, and the immense volume of business that is dailv -ransacledbv this great establishment. Ii . 3c
Jf you find that some article bought at the Emporium could have been purchased cheaper elsewhere, bring our goods back in the condition in which you re- %
J ceived them from us, and get your money at once, without question. ; ;' %
I Ribbon Event Qreatestof'Qpon'iatlineSates.Mo
*: A three-day sale, beginning to-morrow, o' ** VilUeS 11^1 pOSltlVeiy Jf
5. «everai thousand pieces or this stain's cho-cest A third or more ' eff regu : ar prices, on Mondav on y, for the finest of black cannot be duplicated in San *5
'i^ST^S^^^^ifpemlSp. Grenadines, consisting of stripes, plaids, checks and brocade?,Mn all silk, silk and Francisco. J
5 uncos.' • : . wool, all woo! and silk and mohair. These beuitifui 'cpod v 'anee in width from 44 Boys' -. -J
H Lot 1 — 3^-inch a'J-siik Moire Taffeta Rb- to i nc hcs — all in .the new and mest-in-demand designs. This will be a rare -chance to secure for yourself a beautilul Russian V^%' ; - >" 3*
g . tons, colors royal, scarlet, cardinal and cm- d g fof strcet qj; dccp j Monday on]y • ~. r " " BloUSC it^&v '%
* .cra!d; also plain taffeta in navy cr (an, 15c _. _. - 6 FJ j j . -«„ Krift« J? VlP!) •
g and 20c qualities; »! C p.Ice, per 4fX*> $LSO - GPenadlllCS 9&C SOnSrr- < 3^ .J
I y" d BUG $i75 Grenadines.. ....;... $1,19 Made of J?=dk^ %
i '^e^S; \$2.00 and $2.25 Grenadines.......... .;.. , .$1,47 ?3S fiffy?\ 1
|f the neck and miLinery purposes, 2oc quality; $2.50 SHld $3.00 GrenadlH CS . . ...... $1 38 f \\fA V P 5
ft sale price, per jard 'Sf&tn* ' ! : : ' ' '¦ . . a C ° or I Cf \ \ t »
I ISiiSiif^i Sgsecgga! Safes in Motion ; Department* pL JM VM : I
g fancy weave Ribw m rich cBec^sc p, y. /^Sr^v Uimatchaile values in ahundred and one little *i «a« fl k 0
Jf . f .?. .^ f ,f - } "::::: 14O things that every woman needs almost daily. Many Sgg Ajvi S
* Lot 4f-ao3 P hces of seif-coicr fancy Louis- -. \^ Jjl- J. ¦""¦illl"™ . of the items mentioned below are extra special bar- han tomeiy / \ H\\\\ -J
g flwS^wS^fSi M^\^S^B^Stk gains, secured by our alert tuyers because of various '3^;, 4U^TCW i:^I
J ' gc jE^aj^Sp, JM 'vidssitude^ of trade. F r example: ni
»?* tf9 IX ITS Q Bun**-* tf f OT' tS&^tt^ J^T^^r^lT" 300 pzirs Ladies' Hose Supporters— Fril'e^ Dress Lining*— 600 yards of French and Her- tnnamed y^ 1*
fc OffS/tT* 9'iO/f '^*&' i -?y eLwiciid«,«ith pin top ani button catchr, ingocne Hair Co h, 16 inches wide, in black w ' th , S&-^'A^'^U -J
2» .^^-r*.. These etyhsh Vici. Kid Shor« for .^ cokrs black, pink, b^ui, cardinal •-- and gray, on special tale Mon- m^ t Jioutacne
K \ft women, cloth or kid top, lace &^ *«»¦.. , _^ . and orange, pair ......... ....J. M© day on'.y, p=r vkrd 12' S C ' hrud > , - $
% \ U or button, .«« -and poplar 2QQ jrs Udhs . Hoje Supporters-S.tin , 250 pairs of Stfe Combs-Shell in variety Taffeta Skirt Lining-soo yards 3 6-incb nov- every^e- Social UZ^lS 5
S" VA oe unh patent leather , b; t , with , r .lkd eastic side; and button of n7w palter and a: scried sizes, # ' elty Persian Striped TaffeL Skirt Lining on c^ hete -°^ ***** && a $$E S
S / Ybs. n' a nT« /nH^' catchrs, in b'ack, pine, cardinal and blue, special Monday on'y, pair SiSB black, ground, special Monday only, m0 + v '* ' V 'V* " * J?T , ¦ -J
«f /V (/®V »P=cial Monday enly, pair..;..... ' - Plaid Dress Facing- 36 coz-n yards of fane v' p.r yafd . . . . . ... 12C Y ° Uth S S V™i El her kn« pants *
\ \J% X&. y iCD -8 „ icfS P.aiJ Dress Fa:ings, 3 inchcj wide, an a* Fine Silk Moreerts— In fancy stripts, 150 yards or .ong pants, maac of stylish, &trkdy woolen
S V»J>-^%v dal mII' 50 dozen pieces Dress Binding -Black cordu- sortment of colors, special Monday — . on special sale Monday only, per -^ material* in nooby rnumres ani of last color £
ft l —^>V~~T^ d iv onlv— roy, regular width and. gsoi qua'Jty, 4-vard only, per yard dC S G yard ...OU^ b U5 _ cheviot. . These satisfactory suits ate *
V Vo^,^ fg»^ ;/, .- f pieces, tpecial on Mondav, rer „_ -», Kern's Shoulder Braces and Hos: Suppo-t rs Darning Cotton 3 6 '//s for Sc cut 111 the latest ani mo.t appioved styes, all ' %
tf "' ' «" Vo piece.. '. IOO Combined, s'2:s a to IZ years, pnr....25c Fancy Rubber Cloth Half lleeves, pair. .25O «^ tailorei and Uned, a regular « 7 . 5 o value jf
t «* O7 180 Empire Back CombV-Shen "in different purity Sa e v B S lt S , P a> 2 V jp Fancy Sateen Half Sleeves, rubber finish -cur special price ®MQB i
tf &*'*** styles, a 1 the latest designs, special Loose Lock Pins, jh.-U and amber So\ P^r 1 ..2^C •- m Tm «7«#
tf *y - T~ . Mono ay on>, each ISC Pea ' Buttons — Good ? ncs » dozen - •••..'. SC \ Mi ward's Sewing Needles, paper 3 Boys' Dwble-BrcaStcd SvitS For ages O &
K BOOKS %JUSe IISm v . „ c,, n , ort . r ,' ' " V '''-' "' ' Bn « Hirn Ha r P ins > d ? zfn • • : 1C O Sewirg Machine Sperm Oi., cottle 8G to ic years strong woo en material bplcasin- " 5
% "Quircy Adams S 2 wycr"-the b«t New Foster Hos. Supports p.r pa.r.. .... .5O C Lakes' New Style B* Buckles. 2? C Fe.ther-stitche , Braids, white or colored, £ pring co.crings, aU the new etFeco andTS 2
England story ev;r written, published at $1. ,0, Dr. Hotcm • Shoulder Braces, prr pa|r. .5 ?C Largs Cube Pinj . Sc pi=ce So black: or blue, every seam staid an! taped. 5
ft ourprice $1.21 Traang Wree^, two^ styles. SC 9 t C Cabinet Hairpins," assorted .............. Sc Marking Initia s an) Numbeis 3 dOZ 5 s ideal suiti for bays, embra.ing good styles and •*
J "Penelope's I. ish Experiznces'— by Kate Hooks and Lyes, black, white; card... ... /c Ladies' B.-ity, in new styles 25o Alcohol Lamps tor Curing Irons ...257 durabi ity, an excellent $z 00 value— our »
g« D .uglas Wiggin, published .ar $1.25, our Whalebone Casings, piece So Kid Hair Curlers, dozen 4o Curling Ircns, small s ze 3c ' special pric- if* *% ¦ jm mm «
It F"ce $1,OQ Drtss Shie ds, pair 5 G Skirt B:ndin 3 s, all shad s, jard 5c Wood Dirntrs, with handles 2c • K&itva**2r'& "^
\ "The Successors to Mary tht Fint"— by E i- shect Wadaings, white or b ack 2C GorTs Angcra Skht Braid . Heavy M nding T ssue (no tew'ng), piece. 8C i
jjf zabeth Stuart Pneips, pn!>kh:d at $1. co, Horn Drsts Bones, dozen 5q . . . . S ya^d £3Jr CQS fOP 8g Nickeled Dup'ex Safety Pins, lozen 3c bom » *+ » ,*f
ti ourprice $123 Cors t Steels, a'l lengths, pair. So Limn Threid —Baib.r's ani Mars all's, on Combination Pin Cuihion and Spoo". Holder. WV3Slt VlOOOS Jt
*£ "The Hefmct of Navarre" — by B.-rthaRunklc, Ideal Skirt ani Waist Supporters, with pin and ' 200-yard spco!s, ba;k, white and un- 2 sty e5, each 25c £8* Half Pl*|>0 '5
h published at #1.50, our price $1.2 J "tches, sei , ......f ~<y b!ca:hed, ptr spool 7V-C Feather Bone S:cck CoUar Foundations, mmmama r a ««•<•• £
* V "The Curious Career « f Roderick Campbell" Ta / lor R °y al Support:rs, set 25c Mach'ne Needles, all kinds, dozrn. 2Oc each 15 D Afco;lt 10 ° P !ccc3 of our Y}ri-vn<le iz%z Vet- \ £
H, —by Jean N. Mcllwrath, published at - 1 . 50, = \ j ; : . ca cs » ako broken lots ot Dress Ging. ams and . Jg
our price $121 £?"© j gg m a _ _ from kt a a about 50 pie.ej standard navy and garnet ¦&
I liS^^^g f^ m House Furatshaagsm I
ft "The Column'— by 'chas. Mamctt, pubjsned Here, are a fsw samples of the Big Store's prices for high-grade Enameled Ware. Tnis lot was bought befors the ( Mjnda y) om >> F cr T^ ggi .«
$ •T"he'uvrLe^i"f"thrKta« if '^%£rd rCCCnt consolidation of tfa e iron and steel interests of this country, and is now offered at prices which the goods cannot > 4 ' J
K Le Gallienne, published at our y^^^^^^>^. • d&^ptSi S& be replaced for, from the factory. . r/ mSmSJG fe iC&KSm "**
ft? price S1.29 gfi^r — L^^sss^ \?Ks^\ Sy' tmt tr% 1mA ftft j£
it "IheConscienciofCoralie"— by F. Frankfort TU 3*&L K 'A¥~l\ ) " ' ' r^. .„ . •"•«••**"- J
tt Moor:, published at $i. 5 o, our price ,$/ 2O \\ ') Y^^B.\ / © V^^^^ '- - \ <^^^ "^^U. We lure gone through ow itock or patten %
K "The Octopus" -A Story of California, by Frank \^W/ - -rrM^L , _ - ' T^^~ l * b ' e clotfc * and found ""J xts °* which «
Z Norris, published at $1.50, ourprice $1 20 V^^frl V^*^ < fc^ i tJ^W f^T*^?{ <^F "^S^ V^*= YlmrJ^I f? ™ tch ?S M P 4ias W 8^ othm '5
% v \ - - .g- / /£ Mi \ i23f ghMl ( iXsk'' \^- *AJt"-^7 l^^S- j/i/H^^-l that have but a ew patttrns left of the qaal- *J
* ReVW Set 57n. \%'yE I Js^^^^S \^k\5j3T^l \is4-jM., Vfe ifsfWSl VS^" J^~L'=?f] i£ y; tixs M ortment of broken lota «e pla.e on X
X c u ?> , • • c t ~" L J> &" 'S l^ s m\ V &. -V^V -^fiSSi-' \^.7 ipe.ial sale al this week at about one-third to #
g One of th, latest novel ,es in Berry or Ice S — ==^ :-: V^~ '^^ ' o^-quarter off.egu ar prices. -J
Crcam $1.00 Chambc- Pails 45c Ci.f:ee Pot— 2-6 Qc Saucepan -Cov;r- 50c cerlin Saucepanj 25c Milk Pan— Full 5- This 75c "Dishpan $2.50 to $2.75 Bleached Damask Cloths * *
* S-»- -^^^M^ «""-33o '^^33a £uS*8o M&P&o ST« 47c %
I g^^^ SI liipl . WeEaoh, JSoEach. te ?^tSfRf« f
K giass in ¦ '" ltr Emery Kn\ r c Sharprn- . Woo it n.Cca: Frames, Wood Hand e Kn'*c & Djzci Retlnned Tea- Tin Bouquet Hoc"en, Tin Gravy S'.rainen, yards long all marked to "5
fc r.ised designs, 1 1 -inch Brrry Dish and six er£, H:rdwood Tooth Pants Hanger;, [Fork spoons, Ni.ke'ei Match Safes, Extra Whisk Brvoms, cloze, each §3a00 «
K 5-inch individual dshes to match, good value Gilt D.awer Handles, Picks, To : et and Cuspidor ten yds. Shelf Paper, NLkelei Sandwich Japanned Tin Oispi- Three-quarter Dam'sk'Napkinf values $1 eo "*
£ " at 90c— a great bargain at Mon- __ Poished Hous; Num- VegetaSle Knives, Bru>he3, • Dozen Wood Plates, Cutters, dots, to *i.6c a dozen all marked* '2
£ day's spcc ; al price, complete s:t... & Y C AppeCcrers, [oers, Djzea Paper Rates. CaUustro Polishing Bags A.b.-stos IronHoldfrj. ''Ziz" Cement, Nxke -Pated Trays. to c ose, psr dozen. . §3mQQ %
I Ladies' and Children's Wear* Summsr Papering | n Grocery and Liquor Bargains. \
%> % - - , Is now in order. Perhaps it wornc3 you to m\ kA . p .. , '. ... * . , -
*» New cluster tucked Drawers ; SHq know just what paper to put on. We aie jHj » K 'A ' this mt of Emporium prices for the very best £
j» (\-£at^^L New stile tucked hemstitched Drawers. 75o making a display cf Spring beauties, compris ; ng U* >TO[Er gr»clCS of eatables and drinkables, and note th2 savings you •"*
it - I New Corset Cov:n, to fit over straight-front corset ...... 5f?c all that is new, novel and artistic, many exclusive M £^T7^ can make Monday and Tuesday. Two rccciv ing te ephonCS jr
K • I W*'*®'-^ \\ New Ccr et Coven for evening wear. :...75O designs, rich, in cooring, beautiful in pattern, yet Jif-rK^ U«^^3—^ ; n C^^CX^t^. c .• r\ j 1 1 «
i* i^^T^ -^Q New Musin Gowns, 6 pretty ttyles $125 so Inexpensive as to be within the rea:n of # A P®^^^ ? Grocery Section. Orders promptly de- J
j fl *Cy^i \ 1 New Gownf, extra fine quality , . . . $2 I*U moJest runes. .. ' Fll^^cr^-lbb 1 f*~^ r- -. ->> "Vcred. .J
' *S _^ilfp^\ \l Bibles' Flannel Sacques 75c*o $3.51 Special heavy gilt Papers, suitable fjr parlor, |J^i^ j^^=3(|^]ip©i fS==i==3 Soap— Babbitt's Best, Monday and Tuesday, 12 bars 'I
jiifMM^'W&ls^ Babies' Bibs 3c to $1 SO dining room and halls; per s : nglc rolj. ..: ' llV^4) -f"^ "t: J^i« : jM-^42* - •* 5 C "5
* Stbck'njt Diapers (proper kini) 5UC :.. 12l4b fO 25C M&£- W BH3S f?%$S& W shinj Soda— best, 25 lbs. 25o *
K «i(Xfi9 . Wash Dresses, ages 6 to 14 .75ito$2mOO Tim heavy Eatin finish Wall Pap r, suitaole for ! JIT |Tf1 '^Cw^l ¦ t """'""' %S§£^ v htese— California Cream, Monday and Tuesday, 2 bj 5
K /f^\ 1 .* L'nen Sat or Suits $125t°&4-* •» t parlor and halls, stylish designs and colorings, , fe*l— lij SC^?^%^»' •• • .25*2 "<«
7. // \ t Piqu: Sai'cr Suts $2m5 i to $4 25 legu'arlv 20c p-.r roll; 'to-morrow ani during ¦ -^^^^^^^'^1^---^7^V=^ Sardines — D. & G. Erand, 2 tins 2SC "^
J- I) V H . ffiPjjP Serge Sailor Suits $4- 25 to $1 t. O the week, per roll f£" C J<^\3J^^ Baking Fowder— Err.pcr'um, 1 lb 3 c
it I / 4^^^^ Children's Jackets .• $3 Ou to $16*50 Dainty Bedroom Papers in pink, green, brown, — Pearlir.e — Wa;h.ng Powder, 1 lb packages, two ''avs,
*C \ j l^^^lfllil/l Ch! dren's Muslin Drawers — P.a'n hem, four tucks, wide blue and a'l th; lateit colorings; per ro'l, ¦_ 3 *° r 25o 'ji
Ja '. I \ >«W\ seats — '. 5G to 1 C Sago or Pearl Tapioca— 5 lbs.. 25c liquid Bread— dozen. ..$2 85 •*
** h '/)\ /%|/l,l|\\ A B es 2 4 6. 8 10 12 14 A full line of popular shades of Ingrain, with Rice— best Carolina Head Rice, Mondav, an Harper Rye Whiskey— gal.'on $4 3O "5
1^ // \/MW$xL Price..... '....10c 13c I£c 18c 2Ic 24c 27c matched friezes and cocrings. Tuesday, 4 Us .25C At orted Fruit Syups— buttle, 3 C. 5 C "«
Ik* /"-I I / Ch Idren's Extra Muslin Drawers — Wide s:ats, hemstitched Varnished TL'e cr Wash ible Wall Paper for Tom to s— rolid pack, 5 tins 5 . c. Ex ra Fine Saut:rne —ga'Jon $1 O? -* 1
*•* /^ "'"" %"*"''''^ tOfer 1U^ :S — ' bathroom and kitchens. Strng Beans— the white wax brand, M nday G od R islinj? — quart, per dozen.. ..$ 4- SO
K «5flS?S?M i|il Ages..?....'. . 2 4 6- 8 10 12 14 '¦ ,S:ltM>ieS sent tOCOtintry Customers. ani Tu:s a >'' 4 t!ns 25O Cirn— Bit Wc-st:rn,twodays, dozen, $1 &Q &
t* W^$^tf&k H * • Pr;cc .-..••• 2Cc . 22c 24c 27c 3;c 33c | 36c Pr;f arcd Hou£C Paints and Enamels in a -j C ff e-choice green Ccsu Rica, lb. . . . 18c Cot— Best Maine, two c'a S , d.zen, $1.25 *
£• p> Children's Fine Muslin Drawers— Wide in seat; trimmed with co j ois • Soda Cr c<ers— lb Sc Lennox Soap— P.cctor & Gamble's, 16 bens, 5
*: tucks and embroidery edge- \ ¦ .- window Shad«/5oa»l#IIJBIYa«IS- O/aret-good table qua'ity, Mondav and 5 Q Q &
I , ¦ §iigc ifiiiiiiiiii ip^g^f^^f SiSPiSH %
\ \ : — — SpeGiSli SaiGS Of Domestic Pcrter— equal to Impoited, dozen un , 2 »C &
I Furniture, Carpets, Linoleums /?T I '**'"» Oooi# *- i^l^iiil^^ 1
J»~ .." - - Mens F/annelit'e Nightshirts — Soft, fl e:y — reguarly in the big store 95c per tctte, on Roval 'Baking owdsr—!b. .; 42? 5 •
K Large invoices have been arriving for the past two weeks. An elegant : and " flannelette, in fancy woven patterns, cut full - special sale, Monday an J Tuesday _ Si da- Arm. & Hammer or Cow Brands, 1 ,b. J
9t • . ° , , , r , T r ¦ r 1 r ' c i_ 1 • and extra lone, wi;h yoke and pocket; special S **C pkes - So "<C
g very complete new stock to select from. We quote brlow a few of the bag fa!e prkc Monday : J >p each^ _. SJgSS^«^SSiS3i S
«? store's low prices. All extra good. values. • ' ' , .... .. ; ... **•*& pints .........$1 51 Laundry SU ch- Kingsfcrd Silver G.cs3, 6 b. %
£ Boys Sweatzrs— Heavy, navy b'uc cotton, Port cr Sherry . good quab'ty, bottle . 25o i boxes S3a «
*» CarpetS* • Furniture* . derby ribb-d, no seams in the body, lacfsin N-g!c2 Bra.dy— (26 years odd), bottle Eagle Chocolatz— Gbiraide'ji'f," cake' 23c •*
»* TanestrvBrUSsels-Exra good quality, heavy Golden Oak Bedroom Set— With a beveled irom, have a haid-oire Go f Colkr attached; ..... . ...$15 Cccaanut-Bcsr sh.ed^ej, b. ...18C *
K and durable; worth 55c p-.r yard, p.'atc glass miiror, 3 p'eces-an excelent to id speeial sale price Monday, eaeh .... Bivarun Mai: Ext-act-dozen . .. . $1.75 Mac ronj— VermceLi or Spighetd, lb. .. .6c S
ow ' » ' 3&C oak teiroom set; special -i,^— mm +9 B t* _ X
I vvnton Velvet C arp^- An ' quality, * . .^ .^.,..S17.75 cg^gtf w ' TO r Hammocks ,fJd?' Catcher**/ Basebaii <S
JC good, heavy, durable plush Carpet; Erameled Bed-W.ta a; spring and top mat- dass mcrc J zcJ Madra3 ' c : o:h in tter ° ns . rt, \f ZT '™*™ h kVHitS SSC X
X worth $1.10 pcryard, now.. .... »^C tress ani two F do*s; com- this popuar neck dressing is wcrn by bo h S ' |" e ( IH/HS, OOC. ._. J
i Body Brussels— Best wearing carpet _ _ P etc for • • " v ; ....,&O'*& men and womtn, goes 'twire around the neck V^W - /f P \ ? \ f^^^ ¦ TileS= C*' 1^' 9 «'«»
J made; worth $1.25 per yarJ, now 9&C Golden Oak Hat Rack— With z French plate an d dei in ether an acot or a .»-,: «v * /// ' ancy . f h«vc red tan face and
I Linen Warp AUttings^and^^ns and . .^ $G. 75 onceover; Monday only, ch.. 4^ |KJatM|(S^ /^^^\ 5
g. : Bv the roll, cheaper. ; price. ......;...,. r,::.:.:S^« 75 <A SbechlSaty. 'Tt -?""' A - J- R ach Co - to J
j^ Linoleums— Good. ex:ra qua'ity, Persian arid; Folding Book Case— So'id; Golden Oak;#has »5O pairs of Lace Curtains, 3K and 3^ yards U^WT'' ivS^^ lei 78x35^1., sell tor I1.25; w: sc 1 .J
«f tile effects; worth s 5c per square four shelves; special price. ... J __ long, 50, 54 an! 60 inches wide, 4 spTeniid VuTY^ fc^^ a good va.ie at them regu arly for 7 5 c—sp:cjal --.-j ' -2
g yard, now.../. VUG ........,;. :.\V.^V.:. $3*00 ' : iJ^,\^Y^^,^^,^ Ci c. y : ' cial^a e MoT 7 7 •-¦•-•• 'A, "^ SC S
fc* Ingrain CarpetS7-3 6 inches wide, reversible and China Closet— Adjustable shelves, ornamentcJ ecruand white, reguarly $ 1.50 per pair; on ¦*'+^^*sr da; on'v Th; kind that was made to sell for 75c we sell
Jb>* durable; worth 45c per yard; now \___ : with a French, pate mirror, ¦ a"« b^ ' sjecial sale Mon fay only ¦Off* '" Jv'' £?• 1VO regu arly fcr 50c — srecia. Monday _, V
Jf dfOC too; special price ......... . $3mM& ....;...;......:........fl>l»fcO j &BmBi$ oniy-..'.. ; ...'. S&G je
5 " " " - - • ¦ a n ' ; "' ¦ ' ' ',-''''¦*''-„. '' n '<, a « » i- . « "« ,,--«'-«"<. ~ ' « • " "'" '* •'.',,» . "*
ADVESTISEMENTS.
Drunkards
Easily
Cured
Miss Edith Williams Wants Every
Lady Reader of this Paper to Know
How She Saved Her Father.
Used an Odorless and Tasteless Rem-
edy In His Food Quickly Curing
Kim Without His Knowledge.
Trial Package 0$ the Remedy Mailed Free
To Show How Easy It Is To
Cure Drunkards.
Nothing could be more dramatic or devoted
than the manner In -which Miss Edith Wil-
liams, Box £6. Waynesvllle, Ohio, cured her
drunken father after years of misery, -wretched-
ness and almost unbearable -suffering.
MISS EDITH WILLIAMS.
"Ye5. father is a reformed man," she said,
"and our friends think It a miracle that I cured
bin witho-jt bin knowledge or consent. I had
i-oad how Mrs. Kate Lynch of 3^ Ellis St., San
J'rancisco. Cal.. l:ad cured her husband by
ijstnff a remedy secretly in his coffee and food
«nd I wrote to Dr. Haines for a trial. When it
came I put some In father's coffee and food and
watched him closely, but he couldn't tell the
Oifferenoe. so I ketit it up.
"One morning father got up and said he was
hungry. This was a good sign, as he rarely ate
much breakfast. He went away and when he
r-nmt home at noon perfectly sober I was almost
frantic with Joy, as I hadn't seen him eober
for half a day before in over fourteen years.
After dinner he sat down in the big easy chair
and said. "Edith, I don't know what has come
over roe. but I hate " the Eieht and smell of
liquor and am going to stop drinking forever.'
This was too much for me and I told him then
v.hat I had done. Well, we both had a good
r-ry, and now we have the happiest home and
the kindest father you can Imagine. I am so
Klad you will publish this experience, for it will
rrach many others, and let them know about
that wonderful Golden Specific"
Dr. Haines, the discoverer, wilj send a 5am-
l>le of thin grand rer^dy free to all who will
v.-rite.for it. Enough of the remedy is mailed
free to show how It is used in tea, coffee or
food, and that It will cure the dreaded habit
qi;5et!y and permanently. Send your name and
address to Dr. J. W. Haines. 1263 Glenn Build-
ing. Cincinnati, Ohio, and he will mail a free
rample of the remedy to you, securely sealed
In a plain -wrapper, also full directions how to
uss it. books and testimonials from hundreds
who have been cured, and everything needed to
aid you In caving those near, and dear to you
from a life of degradation and ultimate poverty
end <J terrace.
Send for a free trial to-day. It will brighten
th'- rest of your life.
World Famous Marian! Tonic
Its great superiority
readily verified by a per-
sona! test.
Atl Druggists. Refuse Substitutes.
O ft rr nmril Corner Fourth and
• UHI L IIUIHL ir?viS.J-u r i
valises checked fre*.BY L. DU PONT SYLE.
HENRY MILLER'S APPROACHING
SEASON AND THE CHARACTER OF
HIS GREAT DRAMATIC ART.
Ever since the slump in AVall street there has been an increasing clamor for the suppression of
stock gambling,. so it appears there were a good many more lambs shorn in the'process than showed;
up on the. first count. ¦-¦-- •.-¦-- .; • -,.-.; ~- : '
New Yorkers are figuring that by the middle of the century their city .will: be the largest in
the world, but they seem to have overlooked the fact that before thattime Chicago may have suc
ceeded in annexing the rest of Illinois. , , ,
Jacksonville has caught her breath that was taken away by the suddenness of the big fire, and
is now announcing to the country that by November she will have her tourist hdtels open for win
ter visitors and will show them a new city 'much more beautiful than the ojd.
V The Chinese are not anarchists. Their feuds are among themselves. They>let the, white peo
ple alone. The ruling class among them, as well as the mass of them, profoundly, respect the Presi
dent, and would resent any attack upon him, or anything to make his sojourn unpleasant. ..
The Examiner's sensation is a blow at San Francisco. It misrepresents our people, adds to
existing misconceptions of us abroad and uses the occasion of the President's visit, .when the eyes
of the world are upon us, to make us appear in a' disgraceful and disreputable light. Such work is
wantonness, not journalism, and should be rebuked effectually by such people as know the relation
between the reputation and good name of thiscity and the prosperity of its .people.;.
IT is to be regretted that the President's visit could not be permitted to pass without the Exam
iner using it to do something tljat injures San Francisco.
v That sheet seized upon an item two weeks old and which had been published in a Chinese
newspaper, tbuching the keeping of a small quantity of dynamite in a Chinese fisherman's quarters,
as the suggestion of a false, faked and "injurious sensation. It worked this up to the effect that the
President's programme included a visit to Chinatown and attendance at the Chinese theater, and
illustrated the falsehood with a diagram showing where the President was to have sat, with the
dynamite right under the spot. Out of this sophisticated situation a story of intended assassination
is evolved which is harmful to San Francisco, an outrage upon the Chinese and a disgrace to jour
nalism. The tour of Chinatown not on the President's programme, nor was a visit to the
Chinese theater. Had he gone to Chinatown he would have been as welcome and as safe as any
where in the United States. The visiting members of Congress did go to Chinatown and the thea
ter, and, of course*, were treated with considerate hospitality.
DYNAMITE JOURNALISM.
"This, said the Boston cousin, proudly,
"is the Hub."
The Chicago cousin sized up the zig
zag streets and smiled.
"That may be, but It certainly has
crooked spokes."— Chicago News.
Mrs. Wiggles— Does your husband have
a "den?"i - * .
Mrs. Waggles— No, he roars all over the
house. — Somcrville Journal.
Mamma— And what was the minister's
text this morning, dear? Do you remem
ber?
'Elsie — Tes, ma'am: "Many are cold,
but few are frozen." — Philadelphia Rec
ord. ¦« - - r
Teacher— What does h-u-n-t spell,
Johnny?
Johnny— Dunno.
Teacher— Don't you know what your
father does when he loses his collar but
ton?
Johnny — Tes'm. He says things.
Maud— What an exquisitely dainty lit
tle case you are embroidering: I Is It for
Jewels **
Isabel— "Well. no. But you see, poor,
dear Harry had nothing to keep his pawn
tickets In.— Boston Journal.
The Boss— Mr. Bjohnson, if you can't
keep up with your work better, we: shall
have to look for another man. _
Bjonson-I'm glad to hear that. I've
been thinking all along that I was doing
enough work for two.— Indianapolis Press.
Bacon— I see in the forests of Potter
County, Pa., a machine is to be tested
-which is claimed to be capable of perform
ing all the work now done by the ax.
Egbert— That will be sad news for Mrs.
Nation.— Mobile Register. #
Sue— Tou remember we had a few
friends who thought they could sing.
Well,, we have discouraged them at last.
Belle— How in the world did you man-
SiSB it?-
Sue— Just bought a phonograph and had
them sine In it. Then we let tnem hear
their own voices.— Cleveland Leader.
Kitty went into a brown study.
"Soda? No, there isn't any such name
as 'Hensoda.' 'Henchoc— no, that won't
do. Hencoco", henmllk— henwine — ' *
"What is It papa's so fond of, proir.p..
ed the maternal parent.
"Oh, I know!" exclaimed Kitty. "Rye!
Henry e— Henry!"— Chicago Tribune.
"I know what the motherly fowl ;s," re
plied Kitty. "That's 'hen/ "
"Right!" said her mother. "Now the
'kind of .drink?' " .
CHANCE TO SMUK
WASHINGTON, May 18.— The following
Camornians have arrived at the hotels:
St. James, B.; Smith and wife; Raleigh,
Mr. and Mrs. Lewis E. Spear; Ebbitt,
Captain L. Lamberton, Miss E. Lamber
ton and C. H. Lamberton, all of San
Francisco.
CAUTOBNIANS IN WASHINGTON
. The trouble with New Englanders seems to be that they have reached the stage of civilization
where they can no longer live satisfactorily on tea and beans. They feel the need of something for
their "stomach's sake," and having forsworn whisky have taken to opium and paregoric. What
they should do is to cultivate the habit of drinking California wine with dinner, and it would seem
that the sooner the doctors, of New England begin to recommend the practice to their patients the
better. We have problems enough in this country without having another forced upon us by the
development of an opium mania among a considerable portion of the population^ - t •
Of the consumption of opium he says: "In the regular drugstores and in 160 of the 172 gen
eral stores in the State of Vermont there are sold every month 3,300,000 doses of opium, besides
what is dispensed in -patent medicines and besides what the doctors dispense, which gives one .and
one-half doses of opium to every man and woman in the State above the age of 21 years every day
of the year. By dose I mean one grain opium, one-eighth grain morphine, one-half ounce paregoric
and tweaty drops of laudanum. The amount consumed each month means a half-dose for every
man, woman and .child in the State every day in the year."
It is added that in his report the doctor stated that these figures should be multiplied by five
to get the actual amount of drugs sold in Vermont monthly, for he had: not included drugs sold
from wholesale stores nor those used by practicing physicians for their medicines, nor those used by
manufacturers of medicines.
The information on the subject comes on the authority of Dr. A. P. Grinnell, who is described
by the Boston- Globe as "a reputable medical man," and is contained in a report made by him to
the Vermont Medical Society. The. doctor made a canvass of the stores of the State at. which
drugs are sold for the purpose of determining the extent of their use among th'e^people. From a
good many localities he was not able to get definite information, but in sixty-nine towns from which
statements were obtained it was found that the monthly sale of gum opium was 47 pounds 12 ounces,
of morphine powder 19 pounds 15 ounces, of morphine pills .3338 grains, of dovers powders 25
pounds, of paregoric 32 gallons and 1 quart, of laudanum 32 gallons and 1 quart ? of cocaine 27
ounces, 1 dram and 30 grains, of choral 32 pounds 4 ounces, of Indian hemp 37 ounces, of quinine
ponders 15 pounds 10 ounces, of quinine pills 74,200. . . '
OF all the stories that have recently come from New England showing a change for the worse
among the people of that good old Puritan stpek none is more curious or startling than a
report just made public concerning the growing use of drugs in Vermont. The people of*
that State have been believed to lead healthy and wholesome lives, and yet it now appears they
are addicted to vices which are supp6sed to be peculiar to decadent races.
DRUG USING IN NEW ENGLAND.
AMUSEMENTS.
Central— "The Bowery After Dark."
Tivoll— "The Toy Maker."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Alcazar — "Friends."
Grand Opera-house — "Government Accept
ance."
California— "Barbara Frietchie."
Olympia, corner Mason and Eddy streets — Spe
cialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every
afternoon and evening.
Fischer" s— Vaudeville.
Alhambra— Columbia Minstrels.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Sutro Baths— Swimmias.
Emeryville Racetrack — Races to-morrow.
Columbia — "Heartsease" to-morrow night.
AUCTION SALES.
By Fred H. Chase— Monday, May 20. at 11
o'clock, 60 head Horses, at 1732 Market street.
Choice candies, Townsend's. Palace Hotel*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lt> at Townaend's.*
Townsend's California glace fruits. 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap bas-
Keta. 639 Market, Palace Hotel buudias-*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th*
Pres.3 Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Aloni
«omery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Earl Roberts Is the first name In Kins
Edward's new visitors' book.
TOO INDEFINITE-F. T. R.. City. The
Question asked is too indefinite to admit
of an answer.
THREE-CENT PIECES — Subscriber,
Citv Silver three-cent pieces of 1856 and
lizi are not such as dealers offer a pre
mium for.
BILLY EMERSON-S.. City. Billy
Emerson, the minstrel, is not dead. He
accepted an engagement with the vvest
Mir.strels In the early part of May, ijuj-
LOTTA CRABTREE-F. E. R.. Tucson,
Ar'z The residence of Lotta Crabtrce
the retired actress, in the early part of
May. IDOi. was at Belvedere, Marin
County.
MORTGAGE— F. M-, City. A mortgage
can be placed on a homestead, but both
husband and wife must give written con
sent. The same as to the selling of a
homestead.
PHYSICAL RESEARCH— Q. E.. Pache
co CiJ. There is published in London the
"Proceedings of the Society of Physical
Research," which can be obtained
through any first-class bookseller.
" THREE-HANDED EUCHRE— C. B.,
City. Hoyle says that in a game of
three-handed euchre: "If two players go
out tog-ether In consequence of a euchre
the elder hand of the two wins."
RAILROAD RATES— Y. M. A., City.
For such information as you desire about
railroad rates apply at any railroad agen
cy in this city. This departmerit Is not
advertising private enterprises.
DUNHAM'S PRIVATE LIFE—Corre
spondent, City. This department does not
Jaow of any publication that gives "an
account of the college and private life of
murderer Dunham."
THE MUSIC STAND— Subscriber, City.
The music stand donated to Golden Gate
Park by Claus Spreckel3 was dedicated
on the 9th of September, 1900. A full ac
count cf the event appears in The Call
of the following day.
GUARD AT THE PRISON— A. S., City.
Good health, good physical conditions,
fearlessness, vigilance, intelligence, a fair
education and ability to handle a gun if
occasion should demand it, are among
the principal Qualifications for a guard
a.t the State Prison. Applications can be
filed with the warden of the prison.
ANOTHER NAME— Merchant. City. If
you wish to engage in business and use a
name- for your business that is at present
used by another business firm and by
which it is known, even though It is not
Incorporated, you will, in aJl probability,
become a defendant in an action at law
to restrain you from using such name.
LAUNCHED SIDEWAYS-J. P. M.,
Wadsworth, Nev. Ther<» Is no record of
large vessels that have been launched
sideways from the place where built in
the United States and Europe. To ob
tain such information it would be neces
sary to write to each of the prorainsnt
shipbuilders on the two continents.
IN THE ARMY-C. B., Paskenta, Cal. If
you desire to know if your brother en
listed in the regular army of the United
States last winter and was sent to the
rhilippir.es ad'lress a letter of Inquiry to
the War Department. Washington, D. C,
jriving name, nge, .place of birth, where
living when last heard from and such de
scription a.s -Rill fix his Identity.
TO BE AN ENGINEER-A: E;B.. Val-
Icjc. Cal. If a young man wants to be
come an engineer on an ocean going
•steamer he must start in as an oiler, read
works on the duties of an engineer and In
lime, If he shows any proficiency, he will
be advanced until he attains first place.
Application for the position of oiler should
be nrntie to the company that
has such vesesls or to the chief engineer
of one of the vessels.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA— Subscriber,
Petaluma, Cal.— Article I, section 8, of the
constitution of the United States provides
that Congress shall have power "to exer
cise exclusive legislation in all cases what
soever over such district (not exceeding
ten miles square) as may, by cession of
particular States and "the acceptance of
Congress, become the seat of government
of the United States." This confers upon
Corcress the exclusive legislative control
ever the District of Columbia, but does
not allow the inhabitants any vote for
Presidential electors.
WHO WROTE— M., City. This corre
spondent is anxious to know the name of
the poem in which appears the following
stanza: «/ '
Slowly, steadily under the moon,
Swings the tide in its old-time* way;
Never too late and never too soon.
And the evening and morning make up the
day.
Can, any of the readers of uils depart
ment send the name, also that of the
author?
TO PRESERVE EGGS— Subscriber, Rl
pon, Cal. When newly laid eggs are al
most perfectly full, but the shell being
porous the watery portion of the con
tents begin to evaporate through the
pores the moment they are exposed to the
air, so that egrgs become lighter every
day. To preserve the interior of eggs in
the natural state it is necessary to seal
up the pore3 of the shell air-tight. This
may be done by placing the eggs in melt
ed suet, o!Ue oil, milk of lime, solution of
gum arable or covering them with any
air-proof, scentless -varnish. When they
have been thus prepared they may then
be packed in bran, oats, meal, salt, ashes
or powdered charcoal. It is also stated
that covering eggs with a coating of
paraffin or two coats of collodion will pre
serVe them.
INDIAN LANDS— P. M. P., Lorin, Cal.
The new Indian lands will be opened \ in
Aue-ust. The lands involved are the Kiov/a,
Ccmanche and Apache reservations and the
smaller sections known &a the "Wichita and
affiliated tribes reservation. The Kiowa lands
lie on the Washita and lied River and North
Fork of Red River. There are 2,968,893 acres
in the strip, larger than Connecticut and three
times as large as Delaware. The Wichita
reservation is bounded north by the South
Canadian River, ¦ east by Indian Territory,
south by the Washita River and on the wcat
by the Cheyenne and Arapahoe Indian lands
now marked as Custer and Washita counties,
Oklahoma, on the maps. In this tract is
713,610 acres. North to south the two tracts
measure 114 miles, and east to west 81 miles.
One who has investigated the lands Bays:
It Is not a farming country, but a cattle
country. Rainfall is very infrequent. The In
dians are taking the choicest claims along the
Ftreams. There are already five white men
for every good claim. Farming does not pay
at all. Fruit raising has not been successful.
Any one who is a citizen of the United
States or filed a declaration to become a citi
zen, male or female, or a deserted wife or
widow, can file a claim on a quarter section
of land provided that they have not made a
previous entry under the United States law or
commuted their entry to cash payment or is
already the owner of 160 acres. Kx-soldiere
or their widows or minor children can enter
by filine in person or by agents, and have six
months in which to commence settlement.
There are numerous swindlers as agents. Fil
lns fees are $14 for ICO acres. After five years'
residence on the land proof Is made at the
I^and Office, and by paying ?1 23 per acre a
deed trill be issued by the United States Gov
ernment- This deed can be obtained after
fourteen months' residence. Only or.e quarter
eeetion can be entered by one person. A few
permanent improvements must be made. The
school lands can be obtained on long leases.
Anadarko and Kort Sill will likely be the
county seats named in the President's procla
mation. They have good railroad connections
The Indians will lease their best bottom lands
' at about $1 per acre, and some as low as
j twonty-flve cents per acre.
Thousands of people are camped en . the bor
der and wagons hurrying from all parts of the
country. The rush to secure the landa prom
ises to be ,
The United States Lend Agent at Anadarko,
O. T.. is probably better Informed • than .any
•other man on tie subject of flling claims. ¦ -
THE clIniEiJc conditions of every
large city in the United States ex
cept San .Francisco make winter
the season of theatric glory and v
summer the season of theatric
discontent. • With us these conditions are
reversed. . In the winter we are com
pelled to plod the weary round cf the old
plays, given sometimes well, sometimes
iidifCerently. soi-^etimes indifferent-well;
in the spring time our fancy lightly turns
to thoughts of newer and better things.
We have already had occasion to wel
come "Sag Harbor" as the harbinger of
these things : it is now our pleasant duty
to record the return of one who. both as
an artist and a man, must ever hold a
large place in the affections qf those who
have seen and known him. I refer, 'of
course, to Mr. Henry Miller, who begins
a too brief engagement at the Columbia
Theater to-morrow evening — an engage
ment which raises pleasant anticipations
•that are bound to be realized, because
based upon past promises faithfully kept.
Mr. Miller promises us Louis Parker's
••Gudgeons'," an unsavory title for a
eavory play that is not new to San Fran
cisco, but is worth reviving for the ex
cellent opportunities it affords Mr. Miller.
This play, if I remember correctly,
ihough nearly eight years old, has never
been ruined for intelligent peopls as have
"Madame Sans Gene" and "The Middle
man" by being sublet to cheap com
panies; before enjoying Mr. Miller's
James Ffclliott Treherne. therefore, the
spectator is not obliged painfully to ob
literate the impression made by some one
of Nature's journeymen who has essayed
the character in true groundling style.
That's a blessing devoutly to be thank
ful for! -
Mr. Miller also promises us The Im
portance of Being Earnest," one of the
most delicately amusing comedies of the
nineteenth century, written by a man
•who, had he possessed moral fiber no
more robust than was even Sheridan's,
mMit have written a second "School For
Scandal." This play Mr. Archer de
scribes as an "iridescent filament of fan
tasv • • • a sort of rondo capriccioso,
in'which the artist's fingers run with crisp
irresponsibility up and down the key
board cf life."
Then we are to have "Richard Savage,"
a. play which, if It may not entirely please,
can hardly fail to interest for one hear
ing by the very unconventionally of its
theme— maternal hate. Lastly we are
premised— no, threatened— with "Hearts
case" again, a masterpiece which • • •
But this is with me a topic too painful
and too deep either for discussion or for
tears. If Mr. Miller were to play nothing
but "Heartsease" he would become as rich
as did Denxnan Thompson by sticking to
••The Old Homestead," or Joseph Jeffer
scn by sticking to "Rip Van Winkle." It
is very noble in him, then, I think, to
play it no oftener than he does; by re
fusing honest dollars, as he does every
time he withdraws this play, he offers
unon the altar of his art a pecuniary sac
rifice the like of which I fear that I should
be quite incapable cf making.
After all, the sentiment in "Heartsease"
is not bad. I suppose what bores and of
fends us of an older generation is the ex
treme obviousness cf the construction and
the appalling commonplace of the dia
logue. But these faults are scarcely no
ticed bv the lovely young person, who
through the sensuous mist of the music
hears only the throbbings of a heart that
beats in unison with hers. And there have
been even subtle poets who maintain that
t':e has chosen the better part. -
/ Ah. years may come and year* may bring
The truth that is not bliss,
But will they bring another thing
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
That can compare wJth this?
Tli' high-titled cares of adult strife
Which we our duties call.
Trades, arts, and politics of life. •
Say, have they after all
One other object, end or use
Than that, for girl and bey,
Th« punctual earth may still produce
Tfcls solden flower of Joy?
• » •
How would that do as a motto for
' 'Heartsease' ' ?
« • • • • •
Sir. Herbert Stone sends me from Chica
go a book entitled "Some Players," by Amy
Leslie. There are some sixty or seventy
actor folk written about here, and look
ing under the chapter entitled "Henry
Miller" I find nothing recorded about him
except that Miss Leslie once took a walk
along the lake shore with Mr. Miller, and
that during: this walk Mr. Miller made
a good joke. He is quite capable of that
and it Is distinctly to his credit,- yet 'tis
a somewhat disappointing amount of bi
ography, even when stretched to a page
and a half in a book that devotes twenty
pages of Lillian Russell, who could never
act, and nine to a celebrity named Charlie
Ross, whose fame seems not yet to have
spread beyond the confines of Greater Chi
cago.
Miss Leslie's judgments are no iess ex
traordinary than her principles of selec
tion. Thus we are told (p. 2S0) of Miss
Marine Elliott, who has certainly leariicd
something from Mr. Goodwin, but who
has yet a great deal to learn, that her
talents are of "an "exceptionally delicate
and vigorous quality." One could say no
more of a Helen Faucit or a Rachel; if it
is true of them it is not true of actress.es
like Miss Elliott, who, to speak plainly,
hide their light of a very small talent un
der the bushel of much beauty. Of Miss
Maude Adams we are told (p. SC8) that she
is "quite the best dressed actress In the
world"; now this is odd for on page 534 we
are told that Miss Viola Allen "is the best
dressed woman in America." There may
be more things in these mysterious con
tradictions than are dreamed of Jn the
philosophy of the sterner sex, but to one
of that abject class it would seem there
are but two explanations possible of Mis3
Leslie's dictum. Either an actress Is not
a woman or America is not in the world.
All the men and women of Miss Leslie's
acquaintance are geniuses; let us grant
that and notice the immense versatility
of their talent. The genius of Miss Mary
Mannering is "penetrating and special."
The "physical and mental energy" of Mr.
James O'Neill is "imperishable." while his
voice is one of "melodious splendor."
Madame Calve is "the most strangely
beautiful woman I ever saw," whose
"svelte figure is full of delicately conspic
uous lines of loveliness and her face
white as a lily petal," whose temperament
is "overhuman," whose "intensity" is
"contagious," and whose "divine gifts"
are "beyond compare." Offenbach's bal
lads are* "priceless"; his "Letter Song" is
the "loveliest' love ditty in the world."
Miss Lillian Russell's talents are "splen
did"; there "never was a skin so firm and
transparent ncr a smile so cloying" as
hers, and she can sing "Mollie O" as "it
had never been sung before." More re
markable still; Miss Russell's nine-year
old child is a greater artist (with a more
cloying smile, doubtless) than her mother,
for "she plays the masters with the sa
gacity and exquisite feeling which come
only hand-in-hand and heart-to-heart
with the fire of genius." Paderewski nuist
hide his diminished head.
* • *
Mr. Stone generally publishes good
books. It is incomprehensible to me how
he ever allowed his^mprimatur to appear
on anything so hopelessly foolish as Miss
Leslie's "Some Players."
United States Senator McMillan of Mich
igan, accompanied by his wife, returned
from the YosemiteTTa±ley yesterday. They
axe staying at the Palace. *
J. H. Anderson, District Attorney of
Monterey County, is up from Salinas for a
few days. He is at the Grand. ' .
Mrs. Samuel M. Shortridge Is convales
cent. She left the hospital yesterday and
returned to the Palace Hotel.
H. H. Hunter, a well-known mining man
of this State, is registered at the Grand.
Dr. W. S. Wallace of Boston Is a guest
at the Grand.'
G. H. Peck and wife of Sacramento are
at the Palace. . ,
Homer Laughlin, a capitalist of Los An
geles, is at the Palace.
J. P. Clapp, a mining expert of Chicago,
is a guest at the Grand.
PERSONAL MENTION.
THE ladles who had charge of the
big reception which was planned
In honor of Mrs. McKinley and
the ladies of the Presidential party
nobly and unselfishly turned their
thoughts to the poor and suffering, , in
stead of thinking over their own dis
appointment when they learned that on
account of Mrs. McKinley's Illness the re
ception had to be abandoned. The 're
freshments prepared for the afternoon
were divided and sent to the Ladies' Pro
tective and Relief Society, the Protestant
Orphan Asylum, the Catholic Orphan
Asylum, the Hebrew Orphan Asylum,
Children's Hospital. City and County
Hospital and the Salva.tion Army.
There were sandwiches and salads, Ice
cream and cake prepared for 2000 guests.
I warrant there was not one of the unfor
tunates who enjoyed the unexpected feast
that did not offer up a silent prayer for
the gentle, suffering lady of the White
House.
* • »
Mrs. Charles Alexander, who,' as Miss
Hattie Crocker, beloved and only daughter
of the late Charles Crocker, was the reign
ing belle here some twenty years ago, is
coming to this coast from her New Tork
home to spend the summer. Mrs. Alex
ander will be accompanied by her family.
Within the last five years Mrs. Alexan
der has twice spent the summer with us.
The first of these visits was spent, as
this one will be, at Del Monte. Early
the other 'day some of the girls were
laughing over the mishap that spoiled
part of Mrs. Alexander's stay and which
provoked the wrath of a brilliant social
leader who has since went the way of ail
that is mortal.
In this little story a wheelbarrow, two
jolly girls, a shoe and one of the MarUn
boys figured prominently. It appears the
girls, daughters of the fashionable ma
tron, had some sort of a wager with Peter
Martin. They won, and he had to wheel
them through the halls. They chose the
night for their corridor ride. Just as they
were^ being wheeled through the hall In
which the Alexanders were located
"horsle" incurred the displeasure of one
of the happy girls, and she caught up a
Miss Dorothy Collier has returned from
her stay In Southern California, happy
and rosy and completely restored to
health. .
I hear that Anna Miller "Wood Is going
to Europe to study. Since Mis3 Wood
left a large circle of admiring friends in
this city a few years ago and went to
Boston to let the music lovers of the Hub
enjoy the splendid talent of a gifted Cali
fornia girl, she has forged steadjjy to the
front, until now she is one of the fore
most of Boston's choir singers^ Miss
Wood will probably spend one year abroad
and will study under the best masters.
I do not know whether Miss Wood Is
going to study for the operatic stage or
intends to remain with the concert stage
and choir. This," however, I do know:
She is bound to be a brilliant success In
whatever field she decides to enter. Her
contralto voice is one of rare and rich
qualities and her personality a gracious
and magnetic one.
Dainty Aileen's friends frequently laugh
with- her over the sad plight of Charlie
Mclntosh on his wedding day. His neck
was all bound up and even th© raro de
light of calling the most charming: of the
three beautiful Goad girls his wife could
not dispel the look of agony, the intense
pain he suffered, cast over his face. But
that is a laugh on the past
Mr. and Mrs. Charles ,McIntosh have
given up their place at Sausaiito and
have come to this city to liveT Since the
day Aileen Goad became Mrs. Mclntosh
this happy jodng couple had made their
home in the little town by the sea. Mrs.
Mclntosh In her sweet, charming way has
entertained considerably in her Sausaiito
cottage.
siioe (left without on a door sill for the
porter's attention) and made an attempt
to hit Peter with it. But her aim was
bad. The shoe -went bang against the Al
exander door^and the next day there were
complaints and hurried departures. That
was fully five years ago. This year the
girl with the shoe and the Alexanders will
again meet at Del Monte.
As she touched the water steam whistles, cannon and brass bands combined in making a vol
ume of glad noise that was never excelled. Long may she float, and -if need be fight, with the zest
for battle in a good cause that has distinguished the sons of the State that godmothers her and
gives her a name. . <-,,---'¦ '-
, It is expected that she will lead the line and be the best ship in the navy. San Francisco is
fortunate and happy in being the seat of a shipbuilding industry that can build such craft. We have
had the Governors and worthies of other States here at launchings of warships. Oregon and Wis
consin have sent their official representatives on such occasions, and they have been right wel
come. But we are singularly fortunate in the case of the Ohio in having her flight waterward such
an attractive event that it drew hither not only the able Governor of Ohio and his staff and the
Congressmen from that State, but also the President of the United States and a majority of his
Cabinet.
In other days it seemed a matter of course that the President and the Secretary of the Navy
should run down from Washington to Philadelphia, to Roach's, or Cramps', to see a warship
launched. But now it is made just as convenient and more interesting for them to run out to ihis
city; seeing the widest land on their way, to see the widest water in the world, and to see launched
the best ships that float. . • • - •
The Ohio took her baptism under the official eye of the State she represents and that of the
nation she is to serve. * .
The Ohio is the first great warship launched since that demonstration was made. She belongs
to the State line of ships. Great folds of armor plate are imposed, to protect her vitals and her
mechanism will reflect every suggestion gained from the experience of the Olympia, Oregon,
Iowa, Texas and other ships in the Spanish war.
* A modern warship is a very complicated machine. Its development was mainly theoretical. It
is true that the fight between the JVlonitor and Merrimac in Hampton Roads jpbsoleted every ex
isting navy in the world by proving the feasibility of the turret and armor. But when the old navies
were o.bsoleted and the turret gun arid armor plate idea had to be applied in naval architecture,
complication piled on complication in the adaptation of the skin of the ship and its viscera to. the
mechanical methods that became necessary. ' And, after all, it was not certain thafall this* machin
ery would work in action. The Japanese made a partial demonstration in their war with China, but
the complete experiment and proof were left to the American navy in our Spanish war. In Manila
Bay and at Santiago it was proved that the ideas that had originated in American ships, on Amer
ican waters, in our American civil war, were to dominate the navies of the world. The intricate ma
chine was proven workable and in action its complicated mechanism was as simple as a sewing
machine. The use .of steam, hydraulic* power, compressed air and electricity in its operation
proved to be as easy as handling an oar in a rowboat on a summer sea.
SAN FRANCISCO has grown accustomed to the launching of warships. Here many good
ones have glided from the ways to the waves, and among, them the Oregon, the best one
ever biiilt up to her time. * • - .
THE...NEW OHIO.
BY SALLY SHARP.
GOSSIP ABOUT THE SWELL SET
AND OF THOSE WHO WOULD BE
IN CIRCLE OF THE SELECT.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CAIJL, SUNDAY, MAY 19, 1901.
JOHN D. S D RECKELS. Proprietor. ; ' ,• ;. \ Address Communications tj> W-^ j-J^ffvJ^ff
SUNDAY .....................> • MAY iq, 1901
Publication Office .-. . . . <f*^|||j|»fe»a> .-. Market and Third, S. F.
18
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dr. Humphreys'
Specific Manual, a pocket epitome of the
Domestic Practice of Medicine, mailed for
the asking:. A postcard -will do.
Eheumatism.— The use of Specific No.
15 stimulates the action of the kidneys,
and the- poisonous uric add passes out of
the blood. j
Brain Faff.— The use of Specific No. 24
restores the flagging energies of the over-
tired worker. - . • .
"Dysuepsia.— The use of Specific No. 10
after meals permits .indulgence in the
pleasures of th«T"table, without fear of
Indigestion. '
Grip and Colds.— The use of \TT*
breaks iip Colds that hang on and do not
yield to treatment.
Dr. Humphreys' Specifics are put up
in small vials of pleasant pellets; just fit
the vest pocket. At all Druggists/ 25 c, or
mailed on receipt of price. /
Humphreys' Homeopathic Medicine Co.;- cor.
HV'llUun and John sts.. New Yorkl '¦ ' ' .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
as W2 arc now specially
offering in Ladies' Choco-
late Vici Oxfords (with
military heels) were never
before seen in San Fran- ,
cisco for the money. The
price is so low, compared to
the value, as to be. almost
ridiculous. The sizes run
from 3 to 7}£ f and the
widths from A to E. Our
special price,
&1 QQthc
4) > *'• pair*
HI f\PT A The most
. creation of the world's shoe
art for the embellishment
and comfort of woman-
kind, continues to attract
the patronage of admiring;
throngs.
$3 r 50&. I
Send postal for Spring Catalogue. Y '
IB.KatschinsKi
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
> 1 10THIRD ST.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Ppica Lists Mailai
on Application.
COAL, COKE AND Pld IRON.
J C WII SON £• CO 90 ° B »"ery Straet.
J- \r nllOUil C VU-. Telephone Main 1S64.
COPPERSMITH.
C'lT. 3011 111, Ship Work a specialty. 18 and
' IS "Washington st. Telephone Main £641.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS RflYFS£Ci1 Butchers. 104
JAJ- DV1LJ U tU- Clay. TeL Main 1294.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLI3.
418 Front 8t. S. F. Phono Mala 1719.
PRINTINO. yH
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDO" CO.. ' '
' .>..-._ . 23 Flrat Street. San Franctaco.
'STATIONER AND* PRINTER.
806 1^ e f e < r la PARTBIDGE T &5S.*"*The Santa Fe is now carrying passen
gers to the Yosemite via t stage from Mer
ced. Starting on . California Limited to.
day, you are at the Sentinel Hotel to-mor
row afternoon, passing Merced Big Trees
en route. .
Ask about It at 611 Market street. •
Yosemite Valley via Santa Fe.
3 Elizabeth C. Culver, widow of the iate J.
H. Culver, has sued /William G.Henshaw,
as executor of the will of the late Henry
D. Cogswell,' to • recover $10,000 on ¦ a pro
missory note Issued by Cogswell on Febru
ary 1, 1894, : to J. i H. Culver for the I sum
named, in consideration of services rend
ered by Culver on behalf of Cogswell.
Cogswell Estate Suit.
TJncle Bjli's Logic h
"Say my dear," said I to myMvife as I
returned home the other night, "I'Ve been,
held up and robbed by a footpad."
"No!" she exclaimed as she fell Into a
C '•Sure's you live. Yes, sir, he took $4
oft'n me. . _ .
"For the land's sake! But you went to
the police at once?" '
"D?dn't seek to have him arrested?"
"But are yougolng to let folks rob you
and not do anything about it?"
"In this case. yes. Let's look at the
lopic of the thing. • My friend Green is
coming over ln the morning to borrow
money of me. Having been robbed of it I
can't lend it to him. Not having borrowed
any money of me' he will continue to be
my friend. instead of turning against me.
For the trifling sum. of $4'I<have helped a
footpad out .of a hole, retained a friend,
had an adventure and am home in time to
wind the clock and go to bed at the usual
hour. Hannah, I'm no man to want the
whole 'earth. I'm satisfied with a good
thing."— Chlcaco News.
An egg train of twelve refrigerator cars
left Newton, Kas., the other day for Cal
ifornia. , ;/
The newspapers of Austria announce
the formation in Vienna of a club of
divorced women. The club will furnish
moral support and a comfortable meeting
place for women who have been obllgea
to separate from their husbands, and will
use its influence to bring about a reform
ln the Austrian marriage laws, and espe
cially in the clause that enables a hus
band to divorce his wife for "incompati
bility of temper." The object seems a
good one, but there Is something shock
ing to American ideas In the formation of
such a club. A woman may be divorced
entirely without fault on her side, but
it seems in poor taste for her to advertise
her domestic misfortunes. The twelve
founders of this club are most of them
women whose divorces mads a good dea}
of talk in Vienna society at the time.—
Woman's Journal.
A Club of Divorcees.
' A late issue of the Charlotte Observer
describes at some length the silk mill op
erated by negro labor at Fayetteville, N.
C The plant Is the property of one of
the Paterson silk companies s and Is man :
aged by a negro, Rev. T. W- Thurston.
The Observer says the enterprise has
"proved a success..
There are 10,000 spindles. The help num
ber 400, mostly boys and girls, ranging
from 10 to 18 years old. The foreman of
the reeling i department is a German, the
head of the weaving department Is an
Englishman. The winding and doubling
are under the direction of a daughter of
a negro, Bishop Hood. The operatives
are uniformly dressed, made to > keep
clear and neat, and if any of them does
anything outrageous Rev. Mr. Thurston
"licks the offender. •¦
Tho power lodged with the manager to
"correct" operatives for violating tho
rules is the main secret of the mill's suc
cess. No other plan will, In his present
staee of development, make of the aver
age negro a reliable mill . hand.-Rich
mond Times. ' . *
"Licks" the Offender.
We have made a very low round-trip rate
to the Pan-American Exposition at Buffalo,
and the comfortable Nickel Plate trains, with
Nickel Plate dining cars serving American
Club meals at 35c to ?1 each insure you a
pleasant trip. Book free showing Pan-Ameri
can views. Buffalo hotel accommodations re
served. JAY W. ADAMS P. C. P. A., o7
Crocker building, San Francisco. Cal.
"It Is IXp to You.'?
MONROE, Mich.. May 18.— The Very
Rev. Mgr. Edwin Joos, Vicar General of
Detroit and domestic prelate to his Holi
ness, Pope Leo, died here to-day. Mgr.
Joos was born in Belgium In 1825. In 1856
he came to the United States. Mgr. Joos
has several times been mentioned in con
nection with a bishopric, but declined
such an honor.
The Very Rev. T&gr. Edwin Joos.
LONDON, May 18.— Lady Catherine
Lucy Wilhelmlna, Duchess of Cleveland,
mother of Lord Rosebery, died to-day in
Germany, where she had gone for her
health. She was born in 1819. She was
first married in 1843 to Lord Dalmeney
who was the eldest son of the fourth Earl
of Rosebery, who died in 1851. ¦ In 1856 she
married the fifth Duke of Cleveland, who
died in 1891. • .
Duchess of Cleveland.
NEW YORK, May 18.— News was cabled
to this city this afternoon that the Rev.
Dr. Maltie Babcock, pastor of the Brick
Presbyterian Church in this city, died fn
Naples to-day of Me tcrranean fever,
after a short Illness. . ae dispatch came
from Mrs. Babcock, who, with her hus
band, has been of a party of clergy tour
ing- through the Mediterranean.
Dr. Babcock was graduated from Syra
cuse University in the class of 1879. After
a course in the Auburn Theological Semi
nary he was ordained in the ministry in
1882/ His first pastorate was the First
Presbyterian Church of Lockport. • Five
years later he went to Baltimore to suc
ceed the Rev. Dr. Frank W. Gunsaulus
and in 1899 succeeded Dr. Henry Van Dyke
as pastor of the Brick, church, here.
The Rev. Maltie Babcock.
the back door without knocklne and
round his wife in the front room, sitting
on a man s lap. He at once rushed uw to
the two, and, although much smaller than
the other man, attacked him, hitting him
in the face. The man ran to the door and
he followed, kicking him as he went.
When they got outside he desisted, as
be saw a policeman across the street, and
called upon the officer to arrest the man,
who was Dr. Bacon. Arguello says that
he then left the house and has not been
back and his visit to the police station
was for the purpose of getting a police
man to go with him to get his clothing.
Policeman Neighbors said he saw part
of the fight after the principals reached
the street and that both men made state
ments to him a>bout the occurrence. He
did not deem it a case for police inter
ference, and so stated, in consequence of
which no arrests were made.
Dr. Bacon said that he was called to
see Mrs. Arguello professionally and was
in the act of making an examination
when the husband burst into the room
and began making all sorts of charges
He talked in such a crazy manner Dr'
Bacon says, that he got up and left the
house. He denies positively that Argu
ello assaulted him or that he was struck.
Dr. Bacon says he cannot understand
why he was dragged into the matter and
does not know whether it Is an attempt
at blackmail or merely a desire on the
part of Arguello to get rid of hla wife.
LOS ANGELES. May IS.— Rur>erto Ar
truello has filed suit for divorce against his
young wife, Josefa Arguello. The couple
i;ave enjoyed only four months of mar
ried life. The separation is sought on stat
tory grounds, the co-respondent being Dr.
Charles Bacon, a well-known physician.
H. H. Appcl is the attorney for the hus
band, and, according to his statement, the
last few days of the young course's con
jugal life "were marked by turmoil and
mistrust, culminating in a fierce nght that
took place last Tuesday at 1516 North
Main street.
Arguello was seen at the police station
to-day. He said that he left his wife th.it
morning to go to work. Having: occasion
to be in the neighborhood an hour or two
later, he went to his home. He entered at
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
NAMES LEADING LOS ANGELES PHYSICIAN
AS CO-RESPONDENT IN A DIVORCE SUIT
MERCED, May 18.— Robert McFarlane.
who \ shot and killed . J. A. Tucker last
February and whose second trial resulted
In conviction of manslaughter, was to
day sentenced to eight years In San Quen
tin. A motion for a new trial was denied
and a notice of appeal was given.
Tucker's Slayer Sentenced.
BIG OAK FLAT, May 18.— Harry Stine
of Groveland, secretary and treasurer of
Court Mount Jefferson, Independent Order
of <J>dd Fellows, and holding the same of
fice'in the Sierra Corda XJnlon, Western
Federation of Miners, committed suicide
last night by taking strychnine.
Ends Life With Strychnine.
SAN DIBGO, May 18.— A well-dressed
young man shot himself in the breast this
evening at the Pavilion, north of this city.
He would not give his name, but acknowl
edged that he had attempted suicide. He
probably will die. It is believed his name
is R. Settle, and that he hails from San
Francisco. -•*
Stranger Attempts Suicide.
BAKERSFIELD, May 18.— The Last
Chance dance hall and saloon was de
stroyed by flre this morning. The loss is
about $2000, insurance $1300. The Chinese
joss house also was burned. Two cot
tages were burned down at 7 o'clock this
morning. The houses were owned by B.
F. Hagerman and Mrs. Annie Johnson.
Loss $2200, insurance $1400.
Fires in Eakersfield.
Queen Drag-ha was reported to have pre
sented King 'Alexander with an heir, but
investigation proved there was no baby,
and the rumor has done much to bring
about serious happenings. It has been a
source of scandal, and Embassadors of
some of the great powers have been great
ly exercised in efforts to discover the true
situation in this city.
According to one report, the King Is fu
riously angry, and if able to prove the
Queen, instead of being, as is alleged, a
VIENNA, May 18.— Rumor has it that
Qireen Dragha of Servia, having failed in
the alleged attempt to deceive her hus
band and the world by foisting her sister's
child as hex own, has attempted to com
mit suicide. When the King discovered
the situation caused by conflicting state
ments regarding: the Queen's health, it is
said his wife took poison and Is danger
ously ill from the effects. Thi3 is the lat
est news in connection with the little
game' which is being played ln the royal
family.
QUEEN DRAGHA REPORTED
TO HAVE TAKEN POISON
victim of hysteria, has Intentionally de
ceived him, he will divorce and banish her
from the country and possibly will abdi
cate the throne.
The prematurely aged young man whose
duty it is to get up the Record s Ans
wers to Correspondence", column says
that Queries of the same nature always
come in bunches. They seem to be epi
demic Just at present a great many peo
ple seem to be eager to know what day
of the week they were born on, and it
keeDS him busy figuring the dates out.
He has a system which he uses, and for
SI benefit of others who may be in search
of like Information it is herewith given.
For instance, take January 15, 1868. A
nmn born on that date writes to know
what day of the week it fell on. In order
to ascertain this divide the figures repre
sentimr the year by 4, rejecting the re
m^indfr. If any. To this dividend and
quotient add the number of days in the
year to the given date inclusive, always
reckoning 28 days in February. D vide
the sum by 7, and the remainder will be
thl numbeV of the day of the week. 0
signifying Saturday. Hereto the illustra
tion, taking January 15, 1868: Jft
' * ','- 467 .
Number of days to January 15....,,-. ,15 .
• 7*350 '
, . ••.•;£•'-">. :335— 5
Thus by this calculation, which Is Infal
lible, it will be seen that January 15, 1863,
fell on the fifth day of the week, which is
Thursday.— Philadelphia Record.
The Week Day of Your Birth.
WASHINGTON, May 18.-Lieutenant
Richard P. Townley, a retired officer of
the navy, will be courtmartlaled for al
leged participation in the commissary
frauds at Manila. Rear Admiral Kempff,
in temporary command of the Asiatic
station, to-day reported to the Navy De
partment that he had. detached Townley
from command of the nautical school and
would send him to the gunboat Manila,
under suspension, to await further ac
tion.
It is alleged that Townley on two oc
casions had attempted to extort money
from the firms of Castle Brothers and
Wolfe & Sons, of Manila- The money. It
is charged, was to be used In part to clear
up the accounts of the army commissary.
Prompt action was taken by the depart
ment upon the receipt of Rear Admiral
Kempff's report, cable orders being Issued
for Townley's trial by general court mar
tial to be convened as speedily as pos
sible.
J. • T. Mclnnis (owner) with John McCluskey
(contractor and architect) — All. work - except
plumbing, tinning and painting for alterations
and additions to a 3-story and rough base
ment frame building (flats) at ¦' 2129 , Jones
street, S Jones 113:6 from Greenwich; $2150. j
Builders' Contracts.
William Doerr to Benjamin Healey, lot com
mencing 136:6 W of Sansome street and 69:6
N of Filbert, N 26 by W 60; also. lot commenc
ing atNW corner of 50 vara lot 1478, B 26 by
E 60, commencing at & point 197:6 W of San
some street and 137:6 N of FUbert, S 26 by E
60; $500.
Robert Mills to William Brown, lot on N line
of Mills place, 25:2 W of Dupont street, N 30
by E 8H inches; $5.
Clotilda F. and William Uppert to Antonio
Tlmossl, lot on B line of Salmon street, 57:6
S of Broadway, S 20 by E 60; $1000.
Maud Nolan Treadwell to John T. Harmes,
lot on N line of Sacramento street, 90 W of
Battery, 'W 47:6 by N 45:10; also lot on NE cor
ner of Hatght and Buchanan streets, N 120 by
E 76:3; also lot on NE line of Eighth street.
137:6 NW of Brannan, NW 68:9 by NE 275; also
lot on SE corner of Fulton street and Masonic
avenue, S 50, E 100, S 50, E 31:1, N 101:1%, W
146:3; also lot on NW corner of Hayes street
and Masonic avenue, TV" 108:1 by N 125; also lot
on SE corner of Hayes and Ashbury streets, S
25 by E 100; also lot on N line of Grove street.
115:8 E of Ashbury, E 75 by N 137:6; also lot on
SW corner of Fulton and Ashbury streets, W
106:3 by S 150; also lot on S line of Grove street,
106:3 W of Ashbury. W 100 by S 137:6; also lot
on SW corner of Grova and Clayton streets, I S
67:6 by W 112:6; also lot on E line of Cole street,
67:6 S of Fulton, S 82:6 by E 10C:3; also lot on
S line of Fulton street, 106:3 E of Cole, E 50 by
S 137:6; also lot S line of Grove street, 125 E of
Cole, E 25, 8 260:10%, SW 25:0%. N 262:9?i: also
lot on N line of Fulton . street, 544 W of Masonic
avenue, .W 102:6^4 by-N 275; also lot on N line
of Fulton street, 1537:7 W of Masonic avenue,
W 85:6 NW 94:10%. NW 132:1, SE to a point, 8
to beginning'; also lot on E line of Buchanan
street, 120 N of . Haight, N 17:8 by B 76:3;
$90,000.
Henry F. Jr. and Clara H. Blanchet to Frank
J and Mary E. Gllfether, lot on N"W line of
Madrid street, 175 SW of Brazil avenue, SW 23
by NW 100, block 28, Excelsior Homestead;
$500. • • i
Johanna Marks to M. S. Eisner, lot on S line
o£ Green street. 137:6 E of FiUmore, E 68:9 by
S 137:6; $6000.
Anne Hadley to Joachim D. Hlntmann, lot on
W line of Pierce etreet, 75 N of- Eddy, N 25 by
W 80: $2500. „ . . ,.
Hlbernla .Savings and Loan Society to Leon
ard K. McLellan, lot on SW corner of Eddy and
Broderick streets, S 27:6 by W 100; $1500.
Leonard E. McLellan to Ernestine and i Louis
Renard, same; $1500.
George and Mary E. Tasheira to Thomas G.
Crothers, lot on NE corner of Paclflo and Baker
streets, E 40 by N 127 :8H: *9M0.
John and Luna Btlerlen to Harry G. Trull. lot
on E line of Clayton street, 350 S of Frederick,
S 25 by E 101:3; $5000.
Mary McGllnn to Edward J. McGlvern, lot
on E line of Guerrero street, 100:8 S of Seven
teenth. S 25 by E 90: $6000.
A. P. Hotallng & Co. (corporation) to James
Smith, lot on KTW corner of Guerrero and Dor
land streets, N 33 by W 80; $4000.
Horace G. Platt to C. A. Buckley, lot on S
line of Hill «treet. 110 E of Noe, E 125 by S
114; also lot on SW corner of Hill and Sanchez
streets, W 275, S 114, E 175, S 12:6, E 100, N
26:6; $7000. : . - * "' .
Thomaa J. Behan to John E. Behan, lot on N
line of Twenty-third street, 25 W of Florida,
W60byN 104; $1500.
REAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
The Navy Department to-day received
the following cablegram from Admiral
Kempff at Cavite: ¦•
"Captain Owen advises that the urda
netta and Gardoqui received on board
May IS General Mascardo, twenty officers,
184 men, 226 rifles, at Binong Bay and
Morong. They are now in the arsenal,
bound for Marciso, where the majority de
sire to surrender .to the army. Others
surrendered to Draper, marine officer at
Olongapo. This Is the last insurgent force
in Zambales province. Gunboats resumed
survey work. . •
Naval officials assume that the portion
of the cablegram reading "are now in ar
senal bound for Marciso" signified that
the insurgents were received aboard the
gunboats In token of a technical surren
der and then sent ashore and detained in
an arsenal. •> .
MANILA, May li— The United States
transports Hancock, Buford and Artec,
taking home the Thirty-first and Forty
first Infantry, sailed to-day for the United
States.
RETIRED NAVAL OFFICER TO BE TRIED
FOR COMPLICITY IN ARMY FRAUDS
HAMILTON, Ohio, May 18.— The union
machinists have given the manufacturers
of this city until next Wednesday to
grant the demands for a nine-hour day
with 18V4 per cent Increase In wages.
The manufacturers have decided to ¦ re
fuse .the demand and a strike is inevit
able. There are over 1500 machinists in
the city.
SYRACUSE, N. Y., May 18.— Of the 900
machinists in this city only 260 are mem
bers of the union. The leading employers
said to-day that the union had not pre
sented to them • the nine-hour day and
higher wages demand. Only one com
pany, employing as many as twenty-nve
machinists, has signed the agreement.
Employers do not anticipate any great
interruption of business here on Monday.
A Seneca Falls dispatch says that the
machinists are thoroughly organized
there and it 13 expected that the large
manufacturing companies there will not
concede the demands of the union, which
numbers 500 members. : •
Given TJntil Wednesday.
DAYTON, Ohio, May 18.— Not one con
cern in Dayton has acceded to the ma
chinists' demands.* Several . plants have
closed. Thirty-five hundred men are out
of work. The carpenters' strike is prac
tically complete.
fully 8000 will go to'wc-rk Monday under
the . new scale. It is admitted that at
least 4000 men employed in shops which
ha*e refused to accede, to the demands of
the union will be thrown out of work until
the question' between employers and em
ployes is settled. ¦" .
¦ NEW HAVEN, Conn., May 18.— Strikes
of machinists In large chops throughout
Connecticut are expected next Monday as
a result of the refusal of manufacturers
to accede to the demands of the Interna
tional Association of -Machinists for a
nine-hour day.
In Bridgeport the 600 members of the
union voted late last nteht to come out
Monday. Ansonia and Derby manufac
turers assert that the demand is in viola
tion of an agreement entered into by the
International Association of Machinists
and the National Association of Manufac
turers. The Whitlock Machine Company
and the Driggs-Seabury Gun and Ammu
nition Company closed their plants to
night for an indefinite period, and the men
look upon the situation there as.practi
cally a lockout.
In Norwalk, Waterbury and New Brit
ain preparations are being 1 made appar
ently for a prolonged strike by both the
labor leaders and the manufacturers, i
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, May 18.— President
O'Connell of the International Machinists'
Association said this evening that a strike
of the organized machinists on Monday
was inevitable. Reports received here to
day show determined' opposition to the
demands of the machinists by many of
the large machine shops of the country,
and it Is evident that some of the employ
ers, will refuse to sign the agreement tor
nine hours' work at ten hours' pay. O'Con
nell said:
"We are advised that our demands will
meet with opposition on the Pacific Coast.
The Union Iron Works and several other
large ! establishments positively refuse to
accept our terms. We expect opposition
also in Cincinnati, St. Louis, Denver, Kan
sas City, New York, Brooklyn, Newark,
Paterson, ElmJra, Syracuse,. Rochester,
Seneca Falls, Bridgeport, New Haven,
Boston, Providence and several cities In
the South* There are firms in these cities
which have recognized our demands. Of
course, there will be no strike in those
establishments. : '
"Three very important conferences are
going on with the Brooks Locomotive
Works of New York, the Baldwin Loco
motive Works of Philadelphia and the
Richmond Iron Works. The decision of
these firms is Hkely to have considerable
Influence with other firms.
"We are now able to figure out that 30
per cent of the firms interested are pre
pared to accept our demands. We have a
substantial reserve fund and we are
pledged financial aid from the Federation
of Labor. We are assured of the sympa
thy and support of almost every labor or
ganization in the United States." (
O'Connell said the indications were that
betvJeen 50,000 and 75,000 machinists would
not go to work. About three times as
manv men in other trades would be af
fected.
Men Begin the Battle.
NEW YORK, May 18.— All the machin
ists and all the employes m the outer
shops of the Central Railroad of New Jer
sey went on strike at Elizabeth, N. J.,
to-day. The machinists number 150. The
strike Is for a nine-hour day.
It is stated at machinists' headquarters
that out of the 12.000 machinists in the
shops of Greater New York and vicinity
Union Iron Works Among the Establishments
to Refuse Terms, and President O'Con
nell Says a Great Strike. Is Inevitable
MACHINISTS WILL BEGIN
BATTLE FOR SHORTER DAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAT 19, 1901.
19
THE DAY'S DEAD.
• A; SANDEnV; 6-O'FarreU-Streetv^San'Fraridsco^ Cala.
Office Hours, 9 to 6 ; Wed; and Sat Evenings until 9. Snndays 10 to z.
My latest invention, the Dr. ' Sanden Herctjtjex Body Battery 1901
Model, with suspensory, cures weak 'men, results of youthful errors, Im-
potency. Nervousness, Lame- Back, Varicocele, etc. -Other attachments"
used v by women as '.well f or . Rheumatism, Stomach, Bladder Troubles, etc.
.." Herculex" is worn comfortably around the waist at night, curing while
you sleep.'-. Great over, ordinary electric belts, though I;still
make the regular. Dr. Sanden.^ Elkctric Belt (imitated by others) and
either". that or my new ',', Herculex" will be sent to sufferers on sixty days'
FREE TRIAL > WITHOUT ONE CENT IN 'ABVANCE OR ON DEPOSIT. Call personally
at my office ' for free consultation v or,' write to-day sending • symptoms. My
descriptive book sent sealed free by mail.
Dr. Sanden's ELEGTRIC BELT
|||l and Electric Hercukx
IP FREE TRIJ2L
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPECIALIST
Heartand Kidney Diseases
- Owlnff to the treat prevalence of KID-
NEY diseases and the late discovery that
URIC ACID, a blood poison. Is the cause
of many > diseases. DR. . NAST has estab-
lished a CHEMICAL and MICROSCOP-
ICAL LABORATORY, fitted up -with the
' same Instruments and appliances used ln
the great laboratories of Europe for the
ANALYSIS OP BLOOD AND URINE.
This Is the only positive and scientific
method of knowins whether a KIDNEY
disease Is present. - URIC ACID POISON
produces ln some mental or. nervous symp-
toms, such as a confused and dazed mind,
attacks of the blues, splitting headaches.
loss of self-reliance, the memory gets poor
or the temper bad. fretful. Irritable;
while ln others the URIC ACID to pre-
cipitated ln the Joints and muscles, pro-
ducing RHEUMATISM or GOUT. It fre-
quently causes neuralgias bladder troubles,
sexual disturbances, dyspepsia, palpitation,
asthma, and some forms of HEART dis-
ease. There Is no question that much un-
necessary SURGERY might be avoided If
it were known that many disorders of
menstruation, ovaritis, pelvic neuralgias
and kindred diseases of women owe their
origin to excess of URIC ACID ln the
blood.
Don't delay. Know thy self before tak-
ing medicine. Consultation free at offlcs
or by mall.
\ DR. NAST,
1504 Market st.. corner City Hall Square.
San Francisco.
NEW BAUSCH & LOMB
Stereo Field Glasses
REDUCED PRICES.
Oculists' preacrlDtions filled. Factory on
premises. Quick repairing. Phone. Mala la. -
642 Market St. imstrumintj
Uf*DER CHHOMCU BUHDIM6. . CATALOGUE pRCC-
FOR SALE.
Improved Farm of 2000 Acres
Rich Valley Land in Ma-
For particulars address FARM, 313 Market
Street. S. F. j ¦' ,
«/5«£S>£**O«>i/i! remedy for Goaorrhcea,
Oleut, Spermatorrhces,
jKSrrin 1 t»S<!«7».\3 White*, unnatural dij-
EB3sf OaarsDtnd ¥4 chargt , or any inflarama-
S*»M b«» to luioiara. tioa, i ritation or uicera-
jfti tTetca'j coougioa. tion >f nncoa* maic-
KSVheEvassChem'.cjlCo. brakes. Kon-oatrlngant.
Baga.CmCIN!UT!,0.Rlg3 Staid by Druggists,
TtrawK it S. A. *Sa or Mnt ln P laln ¦wrapper,
v Jk*S3fcw DT «xpres8. prepaid, tot
VJggg&mrfrV\4 *1-<X>, or 3 bottle*, {2.79.
VqgjgpP^ M —wlar nat o« r*iu«A
;'-_:¦ •¦•__..: , v ' ADVEBTISEME2JTS. ¦
Slack . "r* ¦-¦--¦ v a.-. •*" Ulack
Venetian Alpaca
bUC 60C
-¦ ~'~. '- - . - a : *
Special selling of especially desirable dress stuffs — Fabrics
in season, cloths for seaside, mountains and outings — Cheviots,
Cashmeres and Cotton materials — A remarkable opportunity
to get a good dress cheapr
¦ ' . * ' -
English Crepe Cloth — 20 new shades, including a fine, fast black
— soft and pretty for tea gowns, tucked waists, skirts and children's
frocks, etc.— 38 inches wide— our regular 50c line, special, beginning to-
morrow "*jg*" '•' • • ; • 25c yard
. . -*\. For safe at Market-st store only.
Oxford Gray CheVlOtS— Light, medium and dark shades of
gray— dust-proof and an ideal material for summer outing and tramping
skirts, cycling costumes, etc.— sp inches wide — a fine, firm fabric — our
regular 85c grade, special beginning to-morrow 45c yard
For safe at Market-st. store only.
Fine French Cashmeres— Silky finish in all new shadings.
such as watermelon.sage. old rose, reseda, sky, cream, pink. red. cadet
and black — for tucked 'skirts, kimonas, party -dresses, etc. — 45 inches
wide — our 60c grade beginning to-morrow 33C yard
For safe at Market-st. store only.
Cotton Dress Goods
New Cotton Foulards— 30 inches wide, for summer dresses
and wrappers — dark shades in the very newest designs — a special lot
bought for a special sale, beginning to-morrow 12»C yard
. For sale at Market-st. store only.
New Striped "Zephyrs— Specially bought for waists— a yard
wide — fancy Taiaed cord effects in all the new colorings — regular 20c.
line, special beginning to morrow IOC y ara
For sale at Market-st s tore only.
MISCELLANEOUS. ' - . .
o§2>>~^~ Furniture Exposition Building. *^O
¦p j fln 4 A T this season of the year -p < HP HE warm days are here and
r 1 JJ# iiyou doubtless contemplate I^ ee 4 | h a by must have an outing
D£&uing[ the purchase of new supplies in gO-CclTlS, — nothing is. more comfort-
CUtflt* $37* bec *s and bedding. We can $J*50» able or conv enient than are-
* save you money. Our $37 out- * dining go-cart
fit, composed of a beautiful 1-2 brass bed, 35-lb. Reclining Go-Cart with reed body, (^Sc^!^II^
fine hair mattress and an upholstered box spring closed sides, larse roll, dose woven v 3=5-
r da sh, rubber tire, steel wheels.' ®Lg®MT
(our own make). . patent brake, rubber hub caps— s&S^^&izM
Orders for th SS9 becuUful outfits accepted for delivery within I Sflf 1 O V br ° adcl °? UP ;
-3 0 d holstenng — satin lined scalloped JF^ IllicnA
JU days. parasol or our special linen para- <^sS^OMIA
Servants' Beds—white enamel, heavy brass top rods— extra- sol— regular $14.50 value for 11. 215
ordinary value— . ?3 Folding go-carts— 3.1S5
Iron Beds in scroll and other designs — many new ideas in Regular go-carts — 3.5O W^" Imf \jjr
bed manufacture — §10 Hood carriages G.00 *QJJr
it -" "**w C f . £ £* TO-MORROW we inaugurate ' the
Tjj^-^ * _^=g=r=jf Ol IltlC 1 greatest carpet bargain~event of
R™ <cc/*!e the year ' Choicest designs, guaranteed
£^[/S\S31§LlJ UOOC1 0 quality, at prices that are positively from
f^f3iH!ii fe* nimoi-c %f\s* 10 per cent to 25 per cent less than else-
C»3,rpcLS t 3UC» where. When we tell you our .prices
l==t * a^ or(^ tms savm g" vye know what we
SsT' §i {^3^**^ are talkm 8" ab out, as all our imThense . purchases were made prior
, S? tD K^J to the advance in price.
%& All-wool ingrain carpets 60c Smith's vcrvst carpets 90c
Tapestry Brussels carpets 50c B*c,el w Body Brussels ...I.25
VF BIgelow Axminster carpets I.50 Wilton carpets I.50
"or this Soli<l Golden Oak Dlnlne Table, To those who cannot find rugs to fit rooms we offer Wilton velvet car
ISd.'ha" nS ?Se St O ter a n n hHvy tJiSd pets, because they are made in 27 and 54 inch widths; with 13$ 18 and '£*\
!cjrs. A bargrain at the price. inch borders to match, enabling us to fit any room — special for — 1.25
Fto? B^S^at ! lfin?n h #Chair::::::::::i:So Pattosien's mattings are always recognized for their quality and beauty—
Large Arm Chairs, leather seat 4!h() 750 rolls fresh from the Orient — from 40c a yard to • 9c
Cr*0^ nf THIS week we off^r some extraor- Hand-made IaCe
\jXZdiX *DcJ\!C OI 1 dinary values in high quality uphol-
11, 1 stered furniture. Our overstuffed fur- CUftaillS at 12^50
tiPnOiStCrCd niture, davenport sofas, easy chairs and. HP HE wonderful bargains we
I * , couches, are all made in our own | have been offering in fine
xtirnittit*6* factor>', and none but the best mate- i ace curtains have become town
_ 1 rials are used in construction. talk, and our curtain business is
-^rt^-^ These goods are made with webbing three times what it was one year
bottom, best tempered steel springs and »/¦
\y^^^^£r^^^&y^S^$^^^^^^ insuring service Lot, fleur de lis, polka dot and othw
V^^^^-W^^^SaSEOS^S^k tna -S 1S hlKhl ? de^gns-ruffles made of material same
satisfa , ctor y.- A as body and all 3 yards.
¦ WSpK^%'/^?«^^ <^^ r '^^^LS^^i® -omolete hne is JJ56.OO real Eattenberg lace curtains
hmV T-- C ° V€red -<=°«»«» Arabians and Brussels point-
j 1 - plain f een a11 specially priced to make them lower
XCTt^^3B£^ffl5^BS»«agagg«^^^^^^y denim ready to than any elsewhere.
3^^^ ... „ . - Q — K be put in covers jpo.50— Special line of tapestry cur-
YelOlir C0UCI16S lOtTO ,^ of your own se- tains— unusually priced— many $10.00
lection. • curtains of foreign manufacture embod-
Hair-Filka Couches, plain too, half Hair-Filled Turkish Easy Chairs— ied in this lot
drawn bead— ?15 suitable for library— $3G $12.50 French hand-made lace cur-
TTiiT "F^'iled Couches Hiamnnd tufrpA Parlor Suit* Reduced for AH This Week, tains — Arabian, Renaissance and Marie
Hair- nxled Coucnes, diamond tufted Inlaid Parlor Suit _ Antoinette styles for parlor windows-
' op ' *' '"" 3 piece $24.00 recent large purchases enable us to of-
Elnir-Filled Tuxedo Sofa, full soring Parlor Suit, upholstered seat and back, fer these at $12.50, though many are
arm and back — §74 three piece — $315 worth $20.00.
/ Outing Sale\
'/»/ All this week— until midnight May Zjth-^-a special sale of V|\ !
M vacation supplies. Your saving at these prices is just like helping »V
'¦II' y our oudng fund with a free pass. . w\
/ff Sozodont — large 45c Lennox Cream 25c ,'1
|5| Regular 75c size* tot chipped hands wd face— — 111
f ? ilO 1*2013. Ti ulCi —"¦— "Icli^€ fa^*?w |-v 1 ¦ ¦ * . ' , |_ b I
1 • RcciiJar 75c size* Murray & lyCIll ivi 5 I'ldlL I J v fit
J ., , • LaDmin s. Carl Rcnncr s German Malt Ex- IT
bv 1^ m #• « •_• ¦ ¦ • a 4 f tract (Munich.) Regular price Jtfy
BiV WllCn Ii<lZCl~~~"pint I5C a5c-specUl price by dozen £1.75 _¦ HJ
\ii Rerular price z$c» / A if 9 IR 11 lift.* 1. /¦ r ill 1
M d • n k Turo \^r Allen s Malt Whiskey 65c Ijj
A\ Poison v/aK v/iire idq Bert for tnx y e ltct an(I ot^ er jij
\ Kirk. 1 *— the best— regular price 15 C « uses — regular price 85c ti'Sji
w Nelson's Foot Comfort 15c English Glycerine and wlr
ilV For vilkinr; perspinnj feet-— • ¦¦ If 4 v O/\ nil
\\ regular price zee. v/3t IV I Cell oOtip I DOX ZUC JJJI
\Vvi TOOul urUSn I^C o ne i, ox contains six calces— '/jv/l
Vvi Open all tho time— Night and Day* M///
Va% ~ 112ft M«rl\»i St.. S*n FV*nci«co (f/Zf
VVA _. Dro»dw»y (. lOth S«.. OahUnd BWMANY PASSENGERS LEAVE PORT ON ZELANDIA
IN QUEST OF PLEASURE ON ISLANDS OF HAWAII
Brig Galilee. Hellingsen. Mahukona.
Schr Minrtora (new), I-srsen. Hastings Mill.
¦ Sehr Guide, Olson, .
-MISCELLANEOUS.
Schr W'm Marston was launched to-day at
Stone's shipyard. Harbor View.
1J S stmr «»hlo wa» successfully launched ai
Union Iron Works to-day at i::22>/3 » m by
President McKinley.
Bktn Lahalna wan succesHfully launched at
Hay tt Wright's shipyard. Alameda. Cal.
A red can buoy No. 2 is drifting around Mile
Itock.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. May 18. 10 p m-Weather
clear; v/ind west, velocity 8 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Sailed May 17-Stmr Dolphin, for
Skatruay.
Arrived May 17— Stmr Excelsior, from Val
dez. May IS— U S stmr Warren, hence May II.
Sallod May 17— Schr Nellie Coleman, for
Nome.
ASTORIA-Salled May 18-Stmr Columbia,
for Fan Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived May 17— Stmr Se
quoia, hence May 16.
EUREKA— Arrived May 17— Schr J G Wall,
hence May 8: Btmr Eureka, hence May 16;
etmr North Fork, hence May 18. May 18—
Br bark City of Adelaide, from Honolulu.
Sailed May 18— Stmr Eureka, for San Fran-
BANDON— Arrived May IS— Schr Corinthian,
hence May 10. '
COOS BAY— Arrived May 18— Stmr Empire,
hence May 15. *•
Sailed May IS— Stmr Arcata, for San Fraa
clsco.
TACOMA— Arrived May 18— Bktn Portland,
from San Pedro.
Sailed May 18— Stmr Matteawaa and bark
Yosemlte. for San Francisco; ship John Pot
ter, for Honolulu. • <
Arrived May Ilfc-Stmr Ellhu Thomson, from
Alaska: bark Highland Light, from Lahalna:
bktn Portland, from San Pedro.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed May IS— Stmr
San Mateo, for Nanaimo.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed May 18— Schr Henry
Wilson, for Grays Harbor; stmr Paaadena, for
Eureka.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived May 18— Schr Azalea,
from Grays Harbor. »
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed May 17— Schr John
A. fcr.Mofs Landing.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived May IS— Bark
Sonoma, from Honolulu, for Chemainus.
Passed in May 18— Bktn Northwest, from San
Die^o. for Tacoma.
Arrived May 18— Schr Inca, from Honolulu:
bark Big Bonanza, from Honolulu; bark High
land Light, from Kaanapall.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG — Arrived May 16— Stmr China,
hence Arrll 17.
SCATTERY ROADS— Arrived May 17- Br
ship Langdale. from Oregon. ,
DEAL— Passed May 16— Br 6bip River? idfc.
from London, for San Diego.
SINGAPORE — Arrived April 20— Br stmr
Knight Companion, from Barry, to Ball from
Yokohama June 1 for Oregon. A
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed May 15— Ship
Agenor. for Callao. May 16— Ship J B Brown.
May 18 — Ship Elwell, for Honolulu.
SWANSEA— Sailed May 16— Fr bark La Tour
d'Anvergne. for San Francisco.
VICTORIA— Arrived May 17— Stmr Wyefleld.
from Manila.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed May IS— Br stmr Gae
lic, for San Francisco.
ACAPULCO— Sailed May 17-Stmr San Jo«>e.
for Panama.
CALLAO— Arrived May 16— Schr Spokane,
from Port Gamble.
NANAIMO— Arrived May 14— Bark Theobald
hence Arril 28. . -
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 18— Stmr Bolivia,
from Naples; stmr Umbria, from Liverpool.
Sailed May IS — Stmr Minneapolis, for Lon
don; stmi' Rotterdam, for Rotterdam, via
Boulogne: stmr Ethiopia, for Glasgow; jstmr
Hohenzollern. for Naples, etc; stmr Campania,
for Liverpool; stmr Pennsylvania, for Ham
burjr. *
¦ HONGKONG — Arrived prior to May IS— Stmr
China, from San Francisco, via Honolulu and
Yokahama.
Sailed May 17— Stmr Tacoma. for Tacoma.
CHERBOURG— Arrived M*y IS— Stmr Grosser
Kurfurst. from New Tork. for Bremen.
Sailed May IS— Stmr Sa Paul, from South
ampton, for New York.
MONTEVIDEO— Sailed May 14-Stmr Nor
wood, for San Francisco.
MANILA— Sailed May 18— Stmr Tenkol, from
Tacoma, via Suez. etc.
LONDON— Railed May IS— Stmr MInnehaha,
for New York,
BREMEN— Sailed Way IS— Stmr Koenlgen
Luise. for New York, via Cherbourg.
HAVRE- Sailed May IS— Stmr La Bretagne,
for New York.
ANTWERP— Sailed May IS— Stmr Zealand,
for New York.
the city front (Mission-street, wharf) about
t«venty-nve minutes later than- at I-ort Pol"',
the, height of . tide is the same at both places.
Steamer Movements.
¦ LIVERPOOL— Sailed May 1 18-Stmr Lucanla,
for New York. -¦ - V. *i , .
MOVILLE— Sailed May 18— Stmr City of
Rome, from Glasgow, ¦ for New York. •. . - . •
QUEKNSTOWN— Arrived May 18-Stmr Etru
rla, from New York, for Liverpool.
Bailed May IS— Stmr Cymric, from Liverpool,
for New York. ' -
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
l'and column and tho successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day: the third time column gives the last tide
of the day. fxcept when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey Charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and -then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
Kiven by the ohartn. The plane of reference
la the mean of the lower low waters.
Releases a Chinese Who Is Wanted
Here to Answer to a Charge
of Murder. .
It Is extremely doubtful If Wong Kong
Chung, the alleged murderer of Suey
Sing in Ross alley, several years ago.
will ever be brought to this city to. be
tried for his supposed crime. Last week
Detective Ed Gibson, after locating his
man in Stockton, had' a warrant Issued
for his arrest for murder. Gibson went
to the Slough City and after placing
Wong Fong under arrest, turned "him
over to the Sheriff to await the departure
of the train for this city. The accused
Chinaman, determining to circumvent the
detective in his efforts to bring, him to
trial . for his alleged crime, sent for an
attorney, who at once sued out a writ of
habeas corpus in behalf of the prisoner,
alleging that he was being unlawfully de
prived of his liberty. The writ was
heard by Superior Judge Budd with the
result that the Chinaman was discharged
from custody, the court holding that in
as much as the warrant failed to describe
the person who was wanted It was fatally
defective.
Determined to get hold of the alleged
murderer Detective Gibson last Friday
went before Judge Carroll Cook, and
after explaining the reason why Judge
Budd discharged the Chinaman, asked
him to draw up a warrant which would
meet with the requirements of the Stock
ton Judge. To overcome the former ob
jections advanced by the Slough City
magistrate Judge Cook inserted in the
warrant" that 1 the defendant was "a
Chinaman," hoping that this would be a
sufficient description of the party who
was wanted.
Yesterday Gibson returned to Stockton
and again placed the Chinaman under ar
rest. His attorney, who had evidently
been apprised of the coming of tho de
tective, immediately sued out a second
writ for the release of his client. The
matter will be heard to-morrow by Judge
Budd and it is foreshadowed by the local
police that the Chinaman will be given
his freedom, for no other reason than
the warrant falls to give a description of
him. '
STOCKTON MAGISTRATE
WOBBXES IiOCAX POLICE
Charles Qualman. a canvasser, 69 years
of age, was found dead In the Hotel Lang
ham yesterday afternoon. The cause of
his death has not yet been determined,
and his stomach was sent to the City
Chemist for analysis. Qualman spoke of
suicide several times, but , there waa no
evidence in the room to indicate that he
took his own life.
May Have Killed Himself.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc_ Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal.,
May 18, 1901. .
The time ball on tha tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at i
o'clock n. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. in charge
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— Tho nigh and low waters occur at
Can Absorbs the Tin Can.
NirW YORK. May 18.— The Independent
Tincan Company, which was incorporated
some time aeo under the laws of New
Jersey with a capital of $1,000,000, has been
absorbed by the American Can Company.
«uiopsy performed later showed that
sho had died of heart disease. Miss Green
complained of feeling; ill when she boarded
the boat and soon after It was under way
sank to the deck and soon expired. She)
was the daughter «f Captain George W.
Green, a former butcher In San Rafael,
and the aunt of George Green, the well
known pugilist. She was 45 years of as a.
Died on a Ferry-Boat
Miss Emma Green, assistant postmis
tress at San Rafael, died on the ferry boat
t" »^h on Its trip to this city last evening.
PARIS. . May 18.— A special dispatch
from Peking says that M. Pinchon. th<*
French Minister to China, will embarlc
May 20 for France, traveling via Japan
ana the United States.
French Minister to Return.
Arraigned for Murder.
Daniel Guynee, a cripple, was arraigned
before Judse Lawlor yesterday on tno
charge of murdering Richard Smith at the
Almshouse. Both were Inmates of the
"last chance" ward. The Judge continued
the case for a week and appointed Attor
ney Frank McGowan to represent tho de
fendant for the present.
John H. Cordes was arraigned, oefore
Judge Cook on two charges of murder for
killing two men In a saloon on Pacific
street. The case was continued for a
week to be set. ''.¦- : -^
KIRK STANLEY HELD
TJTTOER. HEAVY BONDS
Kind Words Said for Father Phillips,
Whose Mysterious Death Caused
the Masseur's Arrest.
. NEW YORK, May IS.— Kirk Stanley, the
masseur, in whose rooms the body of the
Rev. Edward Phillips of Hazleton, Pa.,
was found Thursday night, was arraigned
to-day before Coroner Bausch, who held
him in $10,000 for examination next Wed
nesday.
The attorneys for Stanley issued the fol
lowing statement:
After a thorough and conscientious examina
tion into the facta of this case we state un
equivocally that there was no Immorality, ac
tively or suggestively, in the conduct of the
unfortunate priest. : The temporary unusual
abutse of stimulants on his part Is the sum
total of any weakness with which he can be
charged. Ills life was a morally pure one, and
we deplore any suggestion to tho contrary In an
Irresponsible moment by a rum-crazed unfortu
nate. It any women wero In that flat they
were there before the arrival of Father Phillips
and had departed long before ha arrived, nor
Old bo see any woman while there.
The body of Father Phillips, after re
maining In an undertaking establishment
until lata this afternoon, wan taken to the
Pennsylvania station and placed on tho
train for Flttston, Pa. Tho dead priest
will be burled beside his parents In the
old Catholic graveyard at that place. Be
fore tho train left Dr. Dougherty, a neph
ew of Father Phillips, said:
I havo nothing further to my in connection
with hi* death, other than that I will aaherr
Inflexibly to tho opinion that rrn m«t his death
by th« most natural causes, and that I wilt im
ptrfoctly surprised If tho investigations of th*
police develop anything else. I have not Men
Kirk Stanley and. know nothing of him what
• ven .
MORGAN ANNOUNCES '
TRANSFER OF BURLINGTON
Harriman People Will Be Given. Rep
resentation on Board of the
Northern Pacific.
NEW YORK, May 18.— J. P. Morgan &
Co. announced to-day that two-thirds of
tho stock of the Chicago, Burlington and
Qulncy Railroad Company has been depos
ited with the Colonial Trust Company of
Boston and tho Metropolitan "Trust. Com
pany of New York City, thus' marking the
consummation of the deal by which the
Great Northern and tho Northern Pacific
companies acquire the Burlington.
CHICAGO. May 18.— The Record-Herald
to-morrow will say: Arrangements for
control of the Northern Pacific have been
effected and the former 'contending par
ties are awaiting the arrival of J. P. Mor
gan from Europe, when the details of the
management will be submitted for his ap
proval. The fact that a settlement had
been arrived at was made public to-day
by John J. Mitchell, who represents some
of the interests. It appears that the Mor
gan^Hill contingent have agreed to give
tho Harriman people, representing the Un
ion Pacific, a representation upon the
board of the Northern Pacific. How many
members of the board will be accorded
the Harriman people is not definitely
known, but it is stated they will have at
least two. As a result of the understand
ing tho Burlington officials will stop any
contemplated Western extension of the
Burlington system." .
GERMANS PARADE
IN HONOR OP CZAR
Emperor "William Concludes Speech
With a "Hoch" to Russia's .
Ruler.
METZ, May, 18.— The parade of the
Army Corps to-day In honor of the birth
day of tho Czar of Russia was held bo
fore the Emperor and impress of Ger
many and tho members of the Russian
ISmbassy at Berlin. *
Emperor William, at the "parade din
ner" this evening:, said it was an old chcr-
IhIio-1 tradition of the Prussian army to
celebrate the birthday of the Czar. The
speaker reminded his truests that It was
nearly a year since with th© assent of
nil tho powers Field Marshal Count_von
Waldersee had been Intrusted with the
supreme command of the allied forces in
Pechlli Province.
If It was now the hope of the majority
of tho allied powers soon to return home,
that was due, | and not the least of all, to
the confidence' which' the Czar placed In
Von Waldersee and which he himself in
spired.
After expressing the hope that the
brotherhood In arms of all the civilized
nations of the world had been sealed in
China. Emperor William concluded his
speech with a "hoch" to Emperor Nicho
las. ' ,' - .
Appraisers at Daly's Sale.
ANACONDA, Mont... Muy 18.— The Dis
trict Court nan appotntod Representative
John A'. Toole, J. O. Morrout and Bernard
McKlnley' of Anaconda appraisers of tho
oHtuto of the lato Marcus Daly. Mrs.
Duly, administratrix of the estate, In her
potltlon for the appointment of appraisers
rtuiimitud tho value of the estate at 110,
000,000. ¦
' Gotham to Chicago in Automobile.
CHICAGO. • May . 18.— After traveling
from New •, York to . Chicago, a, distance
of 1100 miles - or moro, ns tho automobllo
runs, Mr. and Mrs.: Robert Shaw alighted
from their gasoline carrlRRe at their horn*
on Aahluml' avenue at .-6:45; o'clock this
evening. They, left Now .York May S, ut
7 a. m. nOiiiafftaadWhma
WASHINGTON. May 18.— The Coroner's
Inquiry into the mysterious murder of the
young clerk, James Seymour Ayres Jr.,
at the Kenmore Hotel last Wednesday
morning waa begun to-day. The first wit
ness was Daniel .Woodhouse, colored, em
ployed as a waiter in the hotel, who first
saw Ayres' body after the killing. He
said that he had gone to Ayres' room
about 8:30 that morning at the request of
Miss Mary Minas, who occupied a room
adjoining that occupied by Ayres.
"She asked ma to look into Mr. Ayres*
room and see whether he was up, saying
that she heard strange noises in his room
and was uneasy," said Woodhouse.
He looked through the keyhole and saw
the body lying on the floor. When he told
Miss Minas of his discovery she did riot,
he said, seem in the least disturbed or
agitated. The witness waa questioned
concerning the occupants of other rooms
adjacent to Ayres' apartments. He said
that Miss Hopkins, who occupied a room
on the floor above, was 111 the morning
after the murder, and that he (Wood
house) had taken her breakfast to her.
She had been sick for five or six days.
He had never seen Ayres with Miss Hop
kins, and so far as he knew Ayres had
never paid especial attention to any lady
in the house.
Dr. Glasebrook. who conducted the au
topsy on Ayres' body, expressed the opin
ion that the Imprints on the window sill
were made by one of Ayers' hands. The
size indicated, at any rate, that they were
made by a man's hand. He had found
stains on the fire escape and on the wall
paper, but was satisfied that they were
not blood. ,
James Burns, a Michigan clerk in the
Government Printing Office, said Ayrea
had been formerly- very attentive to Mrs.
Bonine, a guest at the Kenmore, but that
lately there had been coolness between the
two. .,
Miss Mlnas, who had a room next to
Ayres, said Mrs. Bonine had been to
Ayres' room a number of times. At 11
o'clock Tuesday night Mrs. Bonine visited
Misa Minas In the latter's room, wearing
a black and brown wrapper. Mrs. Bonine
explained that she was looking for her son
Morris. Other testimony developed little
of value, and the inquest waa • adjo.urned
until Monday.
Witnesses Fail to Explain
How the Young Clerk
Met Death.
Mystery.
Coroner 'Begins Prpbing
/; ;) the Ayres Murder
LITTLE LIGHT
SHED ON CRIME
TH;E SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 19, 1901.
' TO SAIL. .
FROM SEATTLE.
TO ARRIVE.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Zea~
landia sailed for Honolulu yesterday. She
got away promptly at 10 a. m., so her
passengers saw nothing of the launching
of the Ohio save the preparations. Those
who went away on the mail boat were:
D. Adams, Mrs. J. W. Allen. Sister Anna,
E. H. Austin. H. D. Bailey. Miss E. Bender.
P. C. nuzzell. W. n. Castle. A. P. Cook. < ..
M Cook-, wife and child. Mies A. Cooke. Miss
Juliette Cock*. Master Cooke. S3. W. Cowles,
C \V Deacon, II. Dechent. H. H. Edmonds.
Mrs J E Kullcrton. Conrad C. von Hamm,
IC Hedemann. T. W. Hebron. Mrs. X. A.
llocg' Dr. T. W. Huntington, wife, two chil
dren and maid. J. A. Kennedy. W. n. Knapp
pnd wife. II. Lackmann. D. I^and, M. B.
I^an«in(r. Mi5« L. S. l*»ng. Miss G. V. Mpkee.
K. A. Jlclnerny, Miss I*. McTigue. Miss Xena
11!k!nKton. Miss G. Kenton. J. Richardson, L.
Sanest. W. D. Schmidt, A. J. Viertins and
wife. Miss F. M. West, G. P. Wilcox, A. L.
Wytnznn.
Big Schooner Launched.
The five-masted schooner William
Marston was launched from Stone's ways.
North Beach, yesterday. She was built
for Welch & Co. and was christened by
Miss Godfrey, daughter of Captain God
frey. The new boat is the largest of her
class ever built on. the coast and was
named after the popular Mayor of Berke
ley. The Marston is for the sugar fleet
and will run between here and Honolulu.
There was some difficulty In getting the
big schooner out of her cradle, and when
ehe fild enter the water t>he stuck in the
mud. No damage was done. •
Eiver Steamer in Trouble.
The City of Stockton while maJdng her
berth at Washington-street wharf yester
day collided with the State piledrlver and
£id considerable damage. Thomas Mc-
Grath was knocked overboard and would
have been drowned tiad not Frank Brati
gone to his assistance. The City of Stock
ton was not damaged to any great extent
Water Front Notes.
Mile Rock buoy broke adrift yesteraay
find was picked up at noontime off Fort
Point. It will be replaced as soon as pos
sible.
The British tramp steamer Indrapura
eailed for Portland yesterday. She 1§ go-
Ing into the Oriental trade and will run
between Oregon, Japan and China.
A crutch was found on Washington
street wharf near one of the stringers.
Walter Abbott, the boatman, thinks some
cripple has committed suicide.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The British ships Belfast and Dynomere will
load wheat here for Europe at 37s 6d; the Car
rier Dove, lumber at Port Blakeley for Callao.
fi'-s: the Tanner, lumber at Port Blakeley for
Honolulu; the Himalaya, lumber at this port
tot Adelaide; the Mohican, Olympic and Mary
n. Foster, merchandise for Honolulu.
Shipping Inteligence.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, May IS.
Ptmr Acme. Lundqulst, BO hours from Slus
3a ¦*¦. .
Btmr Rival, Johnson, E6 hours from Willapa
Harbor.
Stmr Aberdeen, Jensen, «S hours from San
ivdro. via Port Los Angeles.
Bktn Planter. Chase, 15 days from Honolulu.
Schr Rio Rey, Miller, 30 hours from Mendo
cino.
Schr Abble, Hansen, 6 days from Coos 3!ay.
SAILED. /
Saturday. May IS. «
Rmr Corona, Gielow, San Pedro.
Stmr Fanttt Ana, Strand. Seattle.
ftmr Zealandia. Dowdell. Honolulu.
Stmr «ieo W Elder, Randall, Astoria.
Stmr Newport. Saunders, Panama and way
X^rt*.
stmr Samoa, Hansen. Bowens Landing.
Stmr Crescent City. Payne, Crescent City.
Stmr Pomona, Shea. Eureka.
stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Mendoclno.
Stmr Cclta, Hlgrtns, .
Stmr Fulton. Levinson. Grays Harbor.
stmr Roanoke, Weaver, Seattle.
•stmr Czarina, Seaman, Seattle.
N'or Ftmr Kvarven, Kanitz, Comor.
Hktn J C Pfluger, Potter, Honolulu.
20
. Steamer. Destination, i&ails. | Pier.
May 19. | I * .' -
Acme.: Tillamook Bay 12 m Pier 13
Santa Rosa... San Diego 9 am Pier 11
May 20. .
Coronndo Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
O. Dollar Grays Harbor .... 5 pmiHIer 2
XV. Kruser... miamook bay 5 pmlPler 13
R. Dollar Seattle & Hadlock B i>m|PIer 2
Rival Willapa Harbor 12 m oth at
May 21.
Westport Bear Harbor ; 5 pm Pier 2
Eureka C Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Um.-itllla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Coptic China and Japan.. 1 pm PUSS
Bonlta Newport 9 am Pier 11
May 22. I
Empire Coos Bay |10 am|Pler 13
ArcatH. Coos Bay |12 m|Pier 13
Queen San Diego ) a amjFler 11
May 23. I I
S.Barbara... Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
May 24.
Valencia Nome via Seattle Pier —
S. Portland... Seattle & Tacoma. Pier 13
•May 25.
Corona Newport ...'. 9 am Pier 11
p oint Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm P(»r 2
Connemaugh. Nome via Seattle Pier —
J. S. Kimball Nome via Seattle Pier —
Portland Nomo v. St. Mlch'l Pier — .
North Fork... Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Mandalay Coquille Rfver 10 am Pier 8
earner.
ies-
na
Ion.
s.
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 19
State of Cal Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 20
Victorian Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 23
Chas. Nelson... Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 23
Farallon Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 23
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 25
Excelsior Valdez & Way Ports.. May 25
Ruth Golovtn Bay direct May 25
Santa Ana Nome & St. Michael... May 27
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 27
Centennial Nome & Port Clarence. May 2S
Roanoke Nome and St. Michael. May 29
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Kambyses Hamburg & Way Ports May 19
Rureka Humboldt May ly
Bor.ita Newport May 19
}i".een San Diego May 19
Columbia Portland and Astoria... May 20
W. H. Kruger. San Pedro May 20
Horda Oyster Harbor May 20
rcata '. Coos Bay May 20
°oronado San Pedro May 20
Tellus Oyster Harbor May 20
Wellington. ,Oyster Harbor May 21
AmerlcaMa.ru. China and Japan May 21
Tltania Nanalmo May 21
Empire Coos -Bay — May 21
Pomona Humboldt May 21
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports...... May 22
North Fork Humboldt May 22
South Portland Seattle and Tacoma May 22
Mat tea wan Tacoma May 22
Mandalay iCoqullle River May 22
Santa Barbara. San Pedro May 23
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports. May 23
Corona Newport May 23
Crescent City. . Crescent- City May 23
Santa Rosa San Diego May 23
Point Arena'.;.. Point Arena May 23
G. W. Elder Portland & Astoria May 23
Palena Valparaiso via Panama May 25
SUNDAY.
MAY 13.
Sun rises *:^
Run set* :•;; '•*"
Moon sets ¦...9:01 P. m.
- Time Time Time gi Time
Date Ft. Ft. -— ; . Ft. — — Ft.
I. W H W; L, \V H \V
is"7. 6:11 — ITS 1:20 5.0 5:5! 2.S ......
H W L W H W L. W
20 .. 0:00 6.E 7:00-1.2 2:14 5.0 €:jl 3.0
21 ... 0:53 6.] 7;51|— 1.0 3:06 5.1 /Mo 3.1
22 .. 1:80 6.S 8M2J-0.6 4:00 5.1 S:5S 3.2
23 ... 2:50 5.3 9:36-0.1 4:50 5.2 10:16 2.9
24 ... 3:59 4.7 10:23 0.4 6:38 5.3 11:3a ., 2.5
25... 5:11 4.4 ll:20| 0.8 6:24 h>4
SUNDAY.
MAY 13.
Sun rises *:^
Run set* :•;; '•*"
Moon sets ¦...9:01 P. m.
- Time Time Time gi Time
Date Ft. Ft. -— ; . Ft. — — Ft.
I. W H W; L, \V H \V
is"7. 6:11 — ITS 1:20 5.0 5:5! 2.S ......
H W L W H W L. W
20 .. 0:00 6.E 7:00-1.2 2:14 5.0 €:jl 3.0
21 ... 0:53 6.] 7;51|— 1.0 3:06 5.1 /Mo 3.1
22 .. 1:80 6.S 8M2J-0.6 4:00 5.1 S:5S 3.2
23 ... 2:50 5.3 9:36-0.1 4:50 5.2 10:16 2.9
24 ... 3:59 4.7 10:23 0.4 6:38 5.3 11:3a ., 2.5
25... 5:11 4.4 ll:20| 0.8 6:24 h>4
. Steamer. Destination, i&ails. | Pier.
May 19. | I * .' -
Acme.: Tillamook Bay 12 m Pier 13
Santa Rosa... San Diego 9 am Pier 11
May 20. .
Coronndo Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
O. Dollar Grays Harbor .... 5 pmiHIer 2
XV. Kruser... miamook bay 5 pmlPler 13
R. Dollar Seattle & Hadlock B i>m|PIer 2
Rival Willapa Harbor 12 m oth at
May 21.
Westport Bear Harbor ; 5 pm Pier 2
Eureka C Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Um.-itllla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Coptic China and Japan.. 1 pm PUSS
Bonlta Newport 9 am Pier 11
May 22. I
Empire Coos Bay |10 am|Pler 13
ArcatH. Coos Bay |12 m|Pier 13
Queen San Diego ) a amjFler 11
May 23. I I
S.Barbara... Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
May 24.
Valencia Nome via Seattle Pier —
S. Portland... Seattle & Tacoma. Pier 13
•May 25.
Corona Newport ...'. 9 am Pier 11
p oint Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm P(»r 2
Connemaugh. Nome via Seattle Pier —
J. S. Kimball Nome via Seattle Pier —
Portland Nomo v. St. Mlch'l Pier — .
North Fork... Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Mandalay Coquille Rfver 10 am Pier 8
earner.
ies-
na
Ion.
s.
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 19
State of Cal Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 20
Victorian Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 23
Chas. Nelson... Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 23
Farallon Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 23
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 25
Excelsior Valdez & Way Ports.. May 25
Ruth Golovtn Bay direct May 25
Santa Ana Nome & St. Michael... May 27
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 27
Centennial Nome & Port Clarence. May 2S
Roanoke Nome and St. Michael. May 29
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Kambyses Hamburg & Way Ports May 19
Rureka Humboldt May ly
Bor.ita Newport May 19
}i".een San Diego May 19
Columbia Portland and Astoria... May 20
W. H. Kruger. San Pedro May 20
Horda Oyster Harbor May 20
rcata '. Coos Bay May 20
°oronado San Pedro May 20
Tellus Oyster Harbor May 20
Wellington. ,Oyster Harbor May 21
AmerlcaMa.ru. China and Japan May 21
Tltania Nanalmo May 21
Empire Coos -Bay — May 21
Pomona Humboldt May 21
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports...... May 22
North Fork Humboldt May 22
South Portland Seattle and Tacoma May 22
Mat tea wan Tacoma May 22
Mandalay iCoqullle River May 22
Santa Barbara. San Pedro May 23
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports. May 23
Corona Newport May 23
Crescent City. . Crescent- City May 23
Santa Rosa San Diego May 23
Point Arena'.;.. Point Arena May 23
G. W. Elder Portland & Astoria May 23
Palena Valparaiso via Panama May 25
STRICTURED i W i |S«O 1 ml IN 15 DAYS!
19,846-CDRES DURING LAST YEAR-19,846
Why the Frightful Tension of Stricture Is Dissolved Like Snow
Beneath the Snn-IN FIFTEEN DAYS.
Why Weak Men Are Restored by the Magic St. James Treatment
Applied Locally and Directly to the Affected Parts.
' • We aniwer tha quon- NO INTERNAL DRUGOINO TO RUIN TUB
tlon> briefly* If you cut STOMACH. Tha St. Jamas treatment U local,
firtC«I^JSi *n artery In your arm direct and positive.
X«l%Sa m. U dle?M Ot to k tt l B B n Ul nJi Th » st - J » mM tnmtmml !» prep*r«d In th,
/ JPnw of 1 1^.1 P voir ' orm °« crayons, very narrow, .moot*, fl-xtbl*
>)^ fer$$ff rvTmvq c:^ 1 th« water pasange nt nlifht. when* they dlMoiv*
/O $V)M whJn?hJ Ltk m 1 "' ani1 de P° slt the medication In Its full ¦trtmtii
V\ oWS *<£?Y9 *h'n tho urethral ducta , lpnn [ hn ivcutato Oland. contrartln* and
h» iimy^W be . com e wcakenM nn.l Bt l rrriPth Hnlnff tho rtuct.. nn.l FOREVER STOP-
4/* Ji relaxed it Is rlJlculoua pi NO DRAINS AND EMISSIONS, and curing
mSl "G&f to take Internal treat- while the patient sleeps.
?Z*JL^^a&*. ment. which must pass _ __
-, ; through tho Btomach \/'AD!rrtl FI F^
?e n a d c h e, r i n h..er t f< c7d I .! V A K I C U U C L t •
eaae. The eemlnal ducts project Into tha urc- Vartcocele Is an accumulation of aluszlah
thral canal through tho Prostate Gland, and blood In tho veins of the scrotum, duo solely
are easily reached by LOCAL IRE i'I'MP.IST. to Imperfect circulation, ami haa Its origin In
Dr. Carter's "Gran-Solvenf solublo Bougies f, dlae " e iLt n :!iS d a^^
will dissolve, digest and braver remove ye" dUc'ov^.r^cu'rS;!
S r >" nir* r W f nnCT a nlnitle case. Gran-Solvent H-uU tha Prostata
I r% I %^l R B J K 1 and restore* healthy circulation. Varlcoceln
¦ **-» 1 «r b. disappear! and the slugglnh accumulation Is
In 15 days, without pain. Injury or inconvenl- replace.! by pure, healthy red blood,
ence. The bougies are Inserted at night and Thousan.ln or men atrlcturecl. wt-.ilt. waatlnc
act while you sleep. "Gran-Solvent" removes and despondent wara cured and restored by th#>
overy nymptom of stricture, leaving tho canal St. Jnmen i»etho.l last. jrMr. ,• A vast army of
aa hpallliy as when nature formed It. NO men In whom the light of Ufa haa jienetrated
URUTAt. CUTTING OR DIL.ATINO. NO IN- th» fearful nlgntmaru of stricture and nemlnal
JBCT1ONS TO 1URITATE TUB MEMBRANK. decay.
HA1WC TDt? ATHinWT ® m m DSED BY THE PAT ™
nuiHC IKcAllvlcnl as successfully as by ourselves.
Space will not permit n complete description of ttu* Incomnarabla St. James treatment la
Urethral Disease*. Every sufferer from Stricture. nn<! tn« orraprtne. VrostatitU and HcmU
nal Weakness, should write to the Ht. Jamrs Association. 2S0 St. J.um-i^—, -—_-—_
Building. Cincinnati, Ohio, for their Illustrated work showing the parts li* O Li' If
of the human nyetem Involved In Urethral Allmonta, which they »cnd to P Btt BTi ili
. male aiipllcants, eecurely wrapped In plain package, prepaid. A *.»*-¦—•
CONSULTATION AND BXAM1NATION FRED.
ST. JAMES^ASSN., 250 ST. JAMES BLDG., CINCINNATI, 0.
ADVERTISEMENTS. -
***** ©^^W^S^^ saa^
X\S5?=* Moil [\rAarC for«»«rylhinoin this edverti»e- -^^Mf
The Largest and Most Complete
Fancy Goods Store in California
We are proud of our growth — we owe it all to
RELIABLE GOODS AND RIGHT PRICES— Quality
has always been our first consideration, We have
built up a reputation upon it, and if you deal with
us regularly you will find that the very fact that we
have an article on sale is proof positive of its being
the best obtainable for the price.
Here are next week's Special Values — good ones
too — but see them for yourself — that's best for you
and fairest for us.
Leather Belts — 25c (Flrst Floor)
Can't do a big business without having some odds and ends.
That's the^case now in our Belt Department — have gathered
them all together — cost not considered — odd leather belts. that
were marked to sell 50c, 75c, and $1.00 on sale tomorrow at
Ocr each
Boys Sweaters — $1.00 (nira noor >
Just in time for vacation, so near at hand. A largfc lot —
bought cheap. Boy's all wool sweaters with rolling collar —
all sizes in colors: Cardinal, Navy Blue, Light Blue and
Green — are good quality and now on sale at $1.09 each.
Figured Dimities— I2jc <s«.ndF.ooo
Monday May 20th we offer a choice lot of this season's
dimities 31 inches wide in prettiest stripes, figures, floral and
other designs. Suitable for Ladies and Children's dresses,
at the Special Sale Price of 12}&c a yard.
Wash Silks — 35c < F "* «*»»>
A special lot of Wash Silks — 19 inches wide — we next
offer, in 60 different designs of checks and stripes in entirely
new colorings. Can't imagine anything more stylish for
summer waists and dresses — 50c regular, our price 35c a yard.
Drapery Sateens—^14c $$%$$.
We have about 1000 yards of Printed Drapery Sateens,
32 inches wide.- In an elegant assortment of conventional and
floral designs, suitable for bed spreads and bed room drapery,
also used for comforter covering— these were, 17^ c and 20c
price tomorrow 14c a yard.
Bigelow Rugs— $2.25 <*«»* rood
These are busy days in our Rug deparment— deservedly so-
better values were never offered by us. This week we have as
a special, all wool Bigelow Axminster Rugs, size 27x64 in
choicest of Oriental designs— a real bargain at $2.25 each.
Bathing Suits : <™&
Our Bathing Suit Department Is having such extraordinary
popularity this season, that we are making every effort to meet
your approval— doing it too— judging by our sales. We have
just opened some of the prettiest suits for Ladies and Children
and such neat ones for Men and Boys that we want you to see
them before they have all been selected. You are just as
welcome to look as to buy. '
*J 125; to 131 Kearny Street L
1 ij^^^^fe. Many thousands of people are so situated that ||
I £^ .'3u *->*- li t^ c y cannot ta^ e tk e proper exercise at the proper M
¦jj MM^k h&iy~Jm t * me * Their food doesn't digest; they become thin g
r| i^r Jr> anc * scrawn y anc^ c^ 01^ 0 dyspepsia makes half in- ||
•I va^ s °f t^ em » F° r suc h nieri and women M
I M^f-r^S^^i^ fl C^^Kwk is k etter t * lan dumb bells, Indian clubs, B
1 '*Wi ; tf J^|^» !l V^iw^lL mec h an * ca l exercisers or any of the com- M
1 fW p h f^TW&k '^i -'^^iW\% mon means at k an d for mus- ||
Mm^J^M f$[ ffi \\ J^lB wlBOt Thln Pe °p |e ® eQd t0 Round i
il \H^^li^^ \\ ~* '% '^^W-W What thin folks need is flesh or muscle, not fat. ||
y% "N^ \ \\ i *t$ki c . '% FmfeffAfijft To bo symmetrical and properly proportioned every Egj
-3 *••¦ •'•'•£' i M* ifiw W lv r?T*V^ll^ person should have, ft certain amount of excess flesh, but to be plump does not ||1
?-| ;/rilU v %L?t £* '•' \ i \ XY*M'4?i'^| Fat is undesirable; it clogs and retards the action of the muscles, inter- Ed!
?^/l^ ! (i^ &W **' 'J"?i rti'^VI 't' t"T v tNl ¦^'-¦'[\ feres with the healthy action of the heart and lungs and when very excessive, Km
H /^f'ifj^yf-* v|.* '] .V:S|^?{;| I I \ W- p'M predispoees too fatty degeneration of vital organs, to eay nothing of tho discom- M
t& WSI'i: I JiP^^4iJ-l I I i IP^Wj fort resulting from too much adipose tissue. jm
y£t ''^Affi 7 $i$'&]-i ' f ' C 'I ' vf^J-'Si «l i \\ W^ : W^\ Common eenso would suggest that if one wishes to becomo fleshy and plump |||
>.* WK*'$yWi §-'f | fF^I'-li? t \ j'\ KSifea the thing most needed would bo flesh-forming food, that is, albuminous foods Egl
£§ !* :? " ;^l|f« \ ''It* W^F'rf^ » The kinds of food which make flesh are the foods we have on our tables fm
& 'trf'/VJiiS I - f I 5ftii'™'tt kl 1 f' -1 8*^*8^ every day; but the trouble is that our stomachs, from weakneso or derangement P^
S'^t^i 5 ?• '{') |i^¥i?\l -? J \\f W$$$y.i of some kind do nottpromptly and properly digest it. / ma
l^5 t'~: -i'i'lV % V '$.W'^ ' :^v '^1 ' Pi-V^lil Really, the principal reason so many people remain thin is because their
'^a v)5j »1 ' f 'i Si tW? i' il'TO^iiSl stomachs do not properly and completely digest and assimilate the flesh forming p|
9B " } I v' 'III I'l'-i'-*. H» « 8 feiiK^wI beefsteak and eggs we eat every day. i .;. • mi
[f: ] ?;' ? if J-« •'fv'StV; --\ \M ; a Vl yift {$$£[. -f There are thousands of such people, and they are really dyspeptics although |||
$ i?^i S U- ?i \\\ ttV.nF'-Vrr.l'I they may not suffer any particular pain or inconvenience from their stomachs. i||
$l \x?"\v I*! 1^)^ i « 'i *<n^|Myyj If such persons and all thin people, would take after. their meals some PJ
;> i jj a l\ Mftif,?/^ i y. V f}\ feijil'Vfl Bim P le and natural digestive, like Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets the food would be k|
1 \Pu';iit i^mI I \\v. \ v, wWM'i» <J* Ic kly digested and the proper degree of plumpness .very soon result because fel
$t . *^J-.H '"iM* ' 'I }H j dffl '?.p j|i these tablets are prepared exactly for that purpose. They digest every, variety of Ju| :
Is ril ; ' I > f'lH^ai •!'•»•;¦• Si' j .¦«|gt flesh forming food, which Is the real reason why they so quickly build up and Wa
*5& \'\Vb Wifffiih |?:'-V'/. j^||'i(fSi'f strengthen thin, dyspoptic men and women. Wn
'm Vl""' t M S ';A :^i 1 t"\'\ fcUtli'-f Stuart's Dyspopsia Tablets euro every form of Indigestion on this common o|
t; »y J TCif' ' 1'f f J ' ( W-'.it'V' :tJ-&\'$$I 6enseplan,that they thoroughly digest tho food promptly, giving strength to every |||.
h wj. i' ' j™jj : *rf i ,Vin'ii :> i : ! t ''JSk''^ nerve and organ in the body, and tho weakened stomach a chance to rest and W»
•ji \\e\ WlS^w '^lr?|^P?S recover its natural vigor. Nothing further is required to cure any stomach trouble, Hj
|w Ej i'w^y^jjw, : /%i®.xW$-&% except cancer of the stomach. They mako thin, dyspeptic poopie strong, plump
• J 1 ' '^d-'^Mj ttifilf^/^. This excellent preparation is sold GO ct3. for full sized treatment by all ml
I ' i\ j ftf %M' pi- 1- WUS^ druggists in United States, Canada and Great Britian. *• . Bud
|j flUffi i'Fffl/. *"•&• STUART COMPANY, Marshall, Mich, iThe drowned body of a man-of-war's man
was found in the bay yesterday morning
near the foot of Harrison-street wharf.
Tattooed on the left arm were the names
"T. H. Kleinberg" and "Wlndau."
Maii-of-War's Man Drowned.
A GREAT SHOE DEAL
The Portland Shoe Manufacturing
Co. Has Retired From Business.
Two weeks a?o Mr. H. Lesser, proprietor
of the Bee Hive Shoe Company, 717 Mar
ket street, purchased the entire stock of
shoes from the Portland Shoe Manufac
turing Company. Said "stock consists of
men's, ladles' and children's shoes, all
first-class goods, union make. 2000 cases
of shoes; this means 4000 dozen. There
will be shoes for everybody; 48,000 pairs
ought to go a '"good way. These shoes
have arrived and are being placed for the
greatest factory, sale of shoes ever held in
this city. Tn"i3 sale will begin next Thurs
day, May 23, at 717 Market street, . near
Third, j ?
Verus cures Piles, or $50 reward. For
sale by all' druggists. . •
Th<» book ag»»nt Is oftrn a man with a
history.— Chicago Journal.
tenor, of ."Hnsanna, 1 . 1 by Granler. another
selection by Miss Johnson and Mr. Camp
bell and a charming number by Howard
M. Daw. There were short addresses by
tho visitors named, Mrs. Johnson and
Miss Ada Dalton, after which there was
served a fine banquet in the <UnlnK-ha.il,
which ¦ had ; been ¦ elaborately decorated.
Tho officers were highly complimented for
their efficiency.
Grand Secretary Mrs; Wlllats announces
that the annual Eastern Star excursion to
Highland Springs, In Lake County, will
leave this city on the 25th lnst., and that
all who are to participate ln the pleasant
outing will have to give notice at the
grand secretary's office not later than to
morrow afternoon. These excursions ln the
past have been most pleasant, and the
number of excursionists Increases year by
year. :\ ?- ...
Native Daughters
The entertainment and dance that Is to
be given on next Wednesday night ln Na
tive Sons' Hall by Calaveras, the- Beauty
Parlor of the. Native, Daughters of the
Golden West, promise* to be a very en
tertaining function.- It Is got "up for
the relief of the sick fund of. that parlor
and it will undoubtedly be well patron
ized. . ' . ¦ ¦
Buena Vista Parlor has elected the fol
lowing named as its delegates to the
Grand Parlor: Emma Benning, Mollie
Long, Minnie Stebins, Ella Wehe and Mrs.
H. M. Greene. : '
A new parlor called Oakdale was insti
tuted at Oakdale by Miss Minnie M. Hilke
of Joaquln Parlor, assisted by Mrs. Estel
la Condy. Miss Kate Kelly, Miss Ida Saf
ferhill, Mrs. Amy Manthey. Mrs.-Schneid
er. Mrs. Powell. Mrs. Peyton, Mrs. Gra
vem and Miss Josie Hogan. There were
sixty names "on the charter list. Forty
five of the signers were initiated . on the
night of institution. The ceremony was
followed- by a supper.,- The president of
the new parlor is Mrs. Evelyn Lane and
the recording secretary Mrs. Effie Wood.
Joaquin Parlor has elected the following
named to represent it in the Grand Par
lor: Miss Stella Condy, Rose Gerkow and
Minnie M. Hilke. At the next meeting of
this parlor it will entertain the members
of Oakdale, Ivy, and El Pescadero parlors
ancj preparations are being made* for a
grand time. The parlor will, i about the
first of June, move into new quarters in
Pioneer Hall, which -has been leased, by
the Native Sons, who will have as tenants
tho Native Daughters and the Pioneer
Ladles'. Auxiliary. / - •- ¦¦¦ ¦'¦¦",' :'^
Los Angeles Parlor was instituted in the
city of . that - name recently by District
Deputy Mrs. Sadie . Rios. . It enters the
fraternal ; field with thirty-six members
and has Mrs. Fannie Louise tPrather for
president and Mrs. Sara Grasp for record;
Ing secretary. On the night of institution
the parlor received a telegram of congrat
ulation from Cora Sifford, P. G. P. , ,
Native Sons.
Grand President Coombs has appointed
the following deputies for San Francisco:
R. P, : Troy..of San ,Francisco | Parlor* for
Pacific, Golden Gate, ; Alcatraz | and Mar
shall parlors; J.' P. Dockery of California
Parlor for San Francisco, El Dorado and
Olympus parlors; W. . J- Donlan • of Pre
sidio Parlor for California,. Bay City and
Nlantlc parlors; J. J.Greely of El Dorado
Parlor for* Mission. Hesperian- and Do-,
lores parlors: J. W. Lewis of /.Stanford
Parlor for Rincon, Yerba" Buena, Preclta
and v Army and' Navy parlors, and David
Wilson , of ' Golden: Gate ; Parlor ' for - Na
tional, Alcalde, and Sequoia parlors. ; ,
¦iHe has:also appointed .the following
deputies ' for . Alameda . County: ,- W. , H.
Gentry. of Oakland for Eden, Halcyon,
Washington and Berkeley parlors: Rich
ard Aylward of Livermore • f or Alameda.
OaklEnd and Athens parlors, and C. Rup
nich of Haywards for Lias Positas, Pied
mont and Brooklyn- parlors. .
A new parlor will shortly be instituted
at Eeaver. Lassen County, by Deputy F.
P. Cody of Susanvllle. , . . %vj
¦ —
Ancient Order of Foresters.
A> new court callj'd Harmon was recent
ly instituted' at Harmon. Cal.-, by Deputy
Hlsfh Chief Ranger W. E. Freeman.
Court Madera was Instituted last week
at Madera by High Chief Ranger Boehm,
assisted by a dllefration from Court Foun
tain and Deputy A. U. Field. The petition
contained the names of sixty Individuals;
fifty-one of whom were initiated on the
night of institution. T. B. Cosgrave | is
the chief ranger and M. W. . Schweitzer,
recoidlng secretary.
The high chief ranger visited Court Sut
ter's Fort, at Sacramento last week, to
mako arrangements for an increase meet
ing. • « .
During th© past twelve months twenty
four courts of this order have been insti
tuted, with an aggregate membership bf
1440 members. The order now numbers
about 8000 ln this Jurisdiction.
A Popular Comrade.
At the recent session of the Grand Army
of the Republic encampment held in Pa
cific Grove last. week F. L. Turpin of this
city was elected 'delegate at large by an
overwhelming majority, the highest ever
received by a candidate for that position
in this State. As . such delegate he will
attend the National Encampment to be
held in Cleveland, Ohio, on the Oth of Sep
tember. ;".-, ;¦ . ..
. "^ official visit of Grind'Ma
/^"^— j — ' tron Mrs. Maud Ella Bowes, of
n I which a local notice appeared
[I I on the following day, was one
.V^sJ.-^ of those pleasant events ln the
'^~ — •* life of a grand officer, for the
attendance was large, the..wel
come most cordial and the hospitality
most generous. In her review of the work
of the officers the grand matron took oc
casion to mako special mention of that of
the conductress and the associate conduct
ress, which was without flaw.
I The official visit by the grand matron
tjo Mission Chapter 1 on the 11th wan
marked by tho attendance of moro than
400 members of the order In tho magnifi
cent hall of Mission Masonic Temple.
Five candidates were initiated, namely,
Captain Clifford. Mr. and Mrs. Stone, Miss
Thompson and Mrs. Lawrance. After the
meeting there was a banquet, at which
Samuel M. Bhortridge delivered an elo
quent address.
<<Last Wednesday night the grand matron
paid her official visit to King Solomon
Chapter in Franklin Hall, The hall was
beautifully decorated with evergreens and
flowers. There were present Grand Pa
tron Ernest Woodbury Conant, Grand
Secretary Kate Josephine WillatH. Asso
ciate Grand Matron Ella Ada Miller and
Grand Conductress Louise Eugenia Burke.
The admirable manner in which the work
Is done by this chapter's officers was ex
emplified without flaw by the initiation of
Mrs. Haynes ond Mrs. Gladwln, and the
words of praise that were spoken by the
visiting officials' filled all who took part in
the beautiful ceremony with a pride that
is pardonable, as the spoken verdict was
well earned. ,-After the formal work /of
the evening there was an adjournment to
the banquet hall, where a delicious colla
tion was Berved by Mrs. Jennie Cava
naugh, assisted - by Mrs. Martha Lucille
Wrenn, Mrs. TiUle Carpenter. Mrs. Gun
galina, Mrs. Jane Dawson and Mrs. Katz.
Patron Harry Baehr was the toastmaster.
and -he called upon Past Grand Patron
John Hatfleld Gray, Past Associate Grand
Matron Mrs. Lulu Lucas, Florin L. Jones
and Dr. Arthur Hill Mulberry. One of the
speakers in complimenting the officers for
the work of the evening declared that one
deserving to bo mentioned above all oth
ers was May Frank O'Keefe, the Martha
of the central star. The music during the
ceremony of initiation was by Martha
Elizabeth Blade, Nellie Augusta Darling
and Florence Helen Perkins.
Unity Chapter was visited last .week by
the grand matron. There, were present all
the elective grand officers except one, who
was unavoidably; detained. The grand
Martha and Past Grand Patron Darling
were nlso present. ,,, t
i Beulah Chapter will have six candidates
to initiate at the next night on which de
grees are. to be conferred.' -
The visit of the grand matron and the
other grand officers to Oak Leaf Chapter
last week was a most pleasant one. All
were received with that cordiality, for
which the chapter: is noted. , Besides the
grand matron there' were -in. attendance
the grand patron, associate grand patron,
Jonh and Mrs. Tonningsen, patron and ma
tron of California Chapter, and many oth
er visitors. After a pleasing welcome by
the matron. Mrs. 4 Salo Beckwith. and pa
tron William- T. Hamilton, three < candi
dates received the degrees. 'The music
cidental to the ceremony was by Julia
Johnson, : J. A. Campbell, . Alfred Wilkie
and A. C. Read, a quartet recently:orga
nised and doing much to increase ;the in
terest in the ceremony of initiation; Mrs.
F' G. Wright is ¦ the. organlBt.vA, pleasing
feature of the evening was I the " rendition
ln>-hlgh ¦ artistic :¦ style by -Alfred . Wilkie,
THE FRATERNITIES
Sues for Railroad Bonds.
Suit was filed yesterday by Georgle E.
Mayhew against Martin J. Burke and
<"lay M. Greene, executor* of the will of
Mrs. Ann< K. Greene, to recover bonds of
th<=- South Pacific Coast Railway of the
value of flfi.OO). which the plaintiff alleges
were rirr^r.-ntpd to her by Mrs. Greene on
January 3. 1832. She says »he wrote her
name on the bonds and placed them in
Mrs. Greene's safety deposit vault for
Kfife l'.M'Plr.ir and subsequently they fell
lcio til* Lkudfi of the defendants.
TEAMSTERS AMD FRIENDS
ENJOY PLEASANT OUTING
Association Holds Very Successful
Picnic at Schuetzen Park,
San Rafael.
The first annual picnic of the Brother
hood of Teamsters of San Francisco was
held at Schuetzen Park. San Rafael, yes
terday. It was one of the best attended
picnics of the season, about 3000 people
visiting: the park. The day was spent ln
mubje, games and dancing, and many val
uable prizes were awarded to successful
competitors. The committees in charge
were as follows:
Committee of Arran^empntf— T. TVincr-fle'-'.
Tltillism K. Ii KHpetein, F. C Smith. A. O.
Frcphy. M. J. Tandy, Ihomat Jui«?y, Ci;a.rici
D. Dsvie.
Floor Committee — C. McLaughlin, Frank
Darra^h, R. E. F. KMp?tein, Ed Murray.
i:». < > adican. J. J. Casey. Harry Smith. B. J.
Pylva. Frank Markey. E. P. Drish.
Ord»?r Committee — Joseph Kenealy. 'Wnilam
Ppiller. Thomas Daly, A. Hardes, Kd Burns,
J. Kerrigan, Patrick Mullane, Henry Williams,
William McAllister, John Schroeder, D. E.
Stevens. Sam Brady. It. Cassldy. Ed Fellows.
Frank Hc-w!tt. William T. Sullivan, Thomas
Twohev. Krank Dunne, John Butler, I>ou!s
Rprry, John Stewart, James Collins. Emilo
Demartini, William Thomas, Joseph Bennett,
Frar.k Darling. Richard Brady. John- Desmond,
Gforre Barton, II. Casey.
District Attorney Wood and
Lawyer Geary Before
the Judges.
The United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals met at ? o'clock yesterday morning
end Issued a citation commanding Arthur
II. No\<-i=, tho United States Dlmtrict
Judge at Nome; Joseph T. Wood, United
FUtes District Attorney for that district
•nd cx-Congrefttman Thomas J. Qeary 1 j
¦ ppr*nr hrforo the court in this city on
October H nnd nhow causa. If any they
Juve, t\hy they should not be punlihed
for contempt.
Jt bftd been shown by th« «vldene« in
th* contempt rn»<*s of Alexnndcr MelCcn
rl* nnd Dudley Dubono that District At
torney Wood had possession of the keys
»if the vault In which $300,000 In Kold dun*,
from Hi.- tnlnm in litlffatlon was stored,
«nd that lm nfured to. deliver tho keys to
the deputy t'nited Btntes marshals sent
from thl»« dty to Nome to execute the
writ of ruprrncdrns issued by the 1'nitcd
Btntrn Circuit Court of Appraln. Jt «n«
plmwn ali«(> that Judge Noyea threw sev
«rnl mines into the hnnds of a receiver Il
legally, nr.d that lie acted an though hv
¦xvbb nt the head of a rcheme to haras*
the mlm™ who had fuIJ* pending In hia
court. Further, that he had advlced cer
tnin parties in interest not to deliver the
gold dupt tn the tTnited States Marshal.
iiotwltrtftaiirtinR the writ of superredeas.
It was nllegod against him in addition
that he had issued orders tending to nul
lify the riTeet of the writ of eupcrsedeas.
The charge that was developed against
Mr. Geary van that of advisins- a non
complianre with the writ on the grouna
that the Circuit Court of Appeals had no
authority. Mr. Geary is In this city, and
by the citation v.-ill be prevented from re
turning t<» Nome this year. Navigation at
that point Will be blocked by the ice long
before the date set for the hearing.
Two deputies from the United States
Marshal's office will leave this city for
Nome about June L by which time navi
gation will have been opened, and will
proceed directly to that city to serve the
citations on Judge Noyes and District At
torney Wood. As the date, for their ap
pearance h;ts been fixed for October 14
they will be obliged to remain away from
home until June of next year, either in
or out of jail, as the Court of Appeals
will also bring with them Dudley Du
bose to serve his sentence 6f six months'
imprisonment in the Alamecia County
Jail with Receiver Alexander McKenzie,
who is "doins" a year.
Should Federal Judpe Noyes be convict
ed of contempt and sent to jail it will be
a case almost without precedent. It will
emphasize the fact that It is a dangerous
thing to disobey an order of a Federal
court.
Cited to Show Cause
Why He Should Not
Be Punished.
NOYES IN PERIL
OF THE PRISON
Arizona la now in the midst of a first
class oil excitement. Utah, Wyoming
Washington, Oregon, Idaho and Colorado,
In addition to Texas nnd California, are
nleo figuring upon a groat poHHlble future
to bo reiillzod by oil discoveries with the
general underBtnndlng that nn nsreement
will fix tho prlco for fuol oil nt a profitable
IhikIh of production. Indeed there Is no
rcriHon why n (rood prlro should not bo hud
for fuel oil, with llin exception of unneces
sary competition nnionir producers nnd
the HchfmltiK of parties who two trylnjj to
K"t control of Hi" ImihIiiuwh Hint him i><-mi
crented in Rood fnlth by others. Tha k*?in
oral opinion 1h Hint unity of netlon will
iipitly tint remedy tlwtt In needed, i^oRitl
iiiiiiily fuel oil Ihih but ona cQmpotltor nii'i
Unit fit null, oil In m ni'iMi'i- nnd morn
eennomlcnlly handled fuel thnn vtml Is. Oil
ought to bring mm much na coal jn»trmd of
n fraction of tho amount. 8tlll tho UfO*
rtiH'orH do not iitOc for uiiythlin; more tliun
n living prlco. An imllciitlon that is
worthy of notice Is tho utterance of tho
Oil City Derrick, published In Pennnyl
vnnlu, u center of tho ootil Industry und
nl«o of the notrolaum Industry of the East.
Tim Oer'rlck i»nyn thnt tho owners of Tex
ns furl oil will not gin moro thun 10 cunts
a barrel for their produce when It Is laid
down on the Atlantic Coast. There Hre
various Interests opposed to the success
of fuel oil, among which aro the coal
barons. In this State there aro interests
that are concerned In making the price
of fuel oil low for their own ends. In this
category may be Included railroads that
are now using fuel oil instead of coal to a
large extent and naturally wish to Ket the
fuel as cheaply as possible.
The leading symptom of the oil excite
ment in Arizona is a rushing In of out
siders, who are scattering over a wide
area and taking up land In large quanti
ties. According to the reports every avail
able acre of land between Tempe and
Phoenix has been taken up. All the coun
try east of Maricopa is claimed. Sixty
live thousand acres of supposed oil land
have been located in the Texas Hill coun
try. A strip four or five miles wide and
twenty miles long has been plastered with
mineral location notices. The Oatman
Flat section, near Agua Caliente, has r.uw
several thousand acres filed upon.
Progress for April.
The progress made In California in the
oil industry during the month of April, is
summed up by the Pacific Oil Reporter as
follows:
The month of April showed 268 rigs up and
670 drilling in this State. Of these eighty-nine
rigs and 155 drilling wells are located in the
Kern River Held. There were 104 new wells
completed, with a production of 4260 barrels,
a falling off from the preceding month of
thirty-six wells and 617 barrels over the pre
ceding month. The new production Is classi
fied among the counties as follows: Colusa,
one well, twenty barrels; Fresno, seventeen
wells, 380 barrels; McKlttrick and Sunset,
thirteen wells, 605 barrels; Kern River, thirty
three wells, 2475 barrels; Summerland. two
wells, twenty barrels; Huckhorn, one well, 100
barrels; Los Angeles City, sixteen wells, 135
barrels; Puente, one well, fifty barrels; Ful
lerton, eight wells, 385 barrels. The failures
were Humboldt, Ban Benlto, Fresno (3), Tu
lare, McKittrick-Sunset (2), Kern River (3),
Newhall, Whlttier (2), Fullerton (2), Los An
geles County. Orange County, San Diego Coun
ty <z;.
Some one, who is described by the Bak
ersfleld Callfornlan as "a civil engineer,"
has been figuring on tho wealth in oil of
the sands that underlie the Kern River
district. His theory Is that oil sand there
will yield one-tenth of its bulk In oil. On
thla basis he estimates possible produc
tion, taking the whole district together, as
follows:
For 100 feet, 155,400 barrels: 300 feet, 2V.100
barrels; 400 feet, 311,000 barrels; 500 feet, 387,
500 barrels. >
He also figures the cost of bringing a
barrel of oil to the surface in the Kern
River district at? 5 cents. The cost of a well
is stated at 15000, approximately.
More Companies Formed.
New companies Incorporated at Bakers-'
field and the amount of capitalization are
as follows:
La Jolla Oil Company, $1,500,000; Patuxent
Oil Company, $1,000,000; Union Mutual Oil Com
pany, $500,000; Occidental Water Company,
$500,000.
No agreement will b» binding until the
owners of at least 600 wells approve, In writ
ing, the agreement submitted.
All oil above ground on June 1 to be gauged
or reported by the executive committee and
to be held In storage as directed by executive
committee, who agree tr> sell the same one
sixth each month for the next six months, or
no that It shall all be disposed of by December
1, 1901, or tiooner.
No oil to be marketed from any of the wells
of the members except through the executive
commttteo after June 1.
The first agreement shall be for nlntey days,
only to be renewed or extended, aw th» pro
ducers elect, at the. expiration of the ilrst
fclxty day*. . _. >, • .
The executive committee shall <*gch month
pay over to the producers on the lith of each
month a check for all oil sold during the pre
ceding month, and ihall make mieh contract
only as will guarantee this result to the pro
ducer.
The entire field may be closed down for ten
and not exceeding thirty days at any one tlmo
by the executive committee by giving notice
fifteen days In advance of ouch "shut down"
bf-ing called for. ¦
The cost of storage, If any, selling and guar
anteeing of collections shall not exceed "V4 cents
per barrel.
The executive committee shall adopt a
"standard" for all grades of oil. Such "Btand
ard" or qualification shall be the guide and
rule for all members In grading oil for sale
or otherwise.
Facts From the Fields.
Mere than 75,000 acres of land have re
cently been taken up for oil under the
placer mining act in Idaho along a strip
of country forty miles in length on both
sides of the Snake River, Discoveries of
oil are alleged in Canyon County and the
customary booming of imaginary possi
bilities by the use of guileless telegraphic
news agencies is now under way.
Some of the essential provisions n6t here
tofore published here in detail relating to
the proposed association at Los Angeles
of oil producers are as follows:
The Indian Valley Oil Company, operat
ing in San Bcnito County, reports that
it has a well down 105 feet. The Hollister
Petroleum Development Company is down
300 feet. .
The Kern River field is now estimated
to bo about four miles long and capable
of further extension.
Bakersfield will utilize oil in the manu
facture of gas, which will be generally in
troduced into houses.
Oregon is sinking its first oil well at
Sandy River, near Troutdale. Sinking
has" progressed to a depth of 300 f et.
There is trouble over the oil lands at
Beaumont, Texas, because of a provision
in the Texas laws that secures title only
to the land, but gives to the State any
mineral that is found. A suit has been
filed at Austin to compel the Commission
er of the General Land. Office to issue
patents to the lands with the mineral*
rights. There are several suits with dif
ferent issues already filed. . •
Eight States West of
the Bockies Seeking
Additional Details About
Means Devised for
Producers.
DERRICKS MARK
WIDENING AREA
Some facto may be gleaned from a long
account of the conditions attending min
ing In the Phlllpplnei which a correspond
ent hati contributed to the Mining and
Scientific Prows. There has been Brent
need for coal In the Islands for many
years, the supply being foreign except
email rjuantiticH of poor quality from
mines of moderate nl/.u which Imvo been
operated on tin- Islands of tho southern
portion of th" Philippine group, but tlio
niitlxK cpftll h.ivf tho mut'Uot ttncnuiio Im
ported r<ml* <v>Ht ho much. A mining bu
ronu li.m boon cntuhllHlx'd ut Miuillti, In
(hnrga of tho United BtittcH urmy ©flloerH,
who uro giving their time to rystpmtitlc
pcolnpU'nl rcsc^rchf* for Iron mid th« pr«»
cIouh tni'tiiln. Silver clnims have been lo
cated by Aniffienn prospeetorg on Min
danao. American* liavo nlxn nmkud out
iron .I.iIhim In l.iisr.mi nml Crliu. The
Spaniards never took much Intercut In tho
Iron donorlts. The Hcnreh for petroleum
hus recently been quite keen.
Old-Timo Gold Mines.
The more Interesting Btatements refer to
gold and copper. Concerning gold the cor
respondent writes in part us lollows:
The principal gold mines were found In the
provinces of Ca'narlnes Norte and consider
able metal wai« taken out. In recent years
gold has been found in Mindanao and at the
prewnt lime thorp are several mines operating
there, some having modern machinery. The
grasshopper eaters of Mindanao have for a
long time been coming into the cities and
towns with little nuggetn of gold, which they
traded for articles of food, wear and general
supplies. The mountain tribes of Clmeras and
Negros have also found gold In places and
have menaced to market some of It. The na
tives are very close about revealing the Where
abouts of the mines, for they appreciate the
value of a mine, even though they allow them
selves to be chpated greatly when selling the
product to others. Gold has been taken out
in paying quantities at Tagaulip. Cuena, Mis
amis and on Panay the soldiers have found
gold In the mountains in the interior.
There will be little done, however, in gold
mlnlnsr until quartz crushing machinery Is put
In. The natives'. Spaniards and Chinese have
taken and worked much of the surface or
placer mines. There Is, however, an oppor
tunity for quartz mining and lodes can be
secured in many sections of the archipelago
containing paying quantities of gold. Quartz
veins have been located in Mindanao, Luzon,
Panay, Xesros and Cebu. For a time the
Spanish Government kept records of all min
ing enterprises and a large royalty of the
gold mined had to be turned over to the King
of Bpaln.
Deposits in Sands.
Concerning the once famous Mambule
mines the correspondent says:
They produced at one time about 3000 ounces
of gold monthly, the market price of which
was about J20 an ounce. These old mines were
worked by the natives long before the Span
iards came. Ultimately they passed into the
hands of an English tsyndicate. The English
failed to secure profitable returns from their
investment. They employed the wrong kind
of labor. The Spaniards, knowing the people
of the islands, employed Chinese to operate
the mines and made money. The English dis
charged the Chinese and put in natives, who
would work a few weeks and quit until they
spent the money earned. The native labor can
be hired for 10 or 15 cents per day for mining
work, but will not work steadily. The Chinese
can be secured at practically the same rates
and there are thousand* of them available,
but many foreign Urn.* will not hire them.
The individual native miners depend upon
finding pieces of the precious metal In the
crevices in the mountains and often, months
are devoted to a search which will result In
the finding of a email piece of gold. One can
not remain in any portion of the islands long
without hearing mining stories from natives
and soldiers concerning the existence of placer
deposits, and of streams the beds of which
contain fine, grains of gold. The sands of
these streams when washed show color,
oftentimes in paying quantities. Your corre
spondent haa witnessed the washing of stream
sands and on several occasions beach sands,
with the result that payable gold deposits have
beer, located.
Native Copper Miners.
There are copper deposits in the north
ern part of the island of Luzon, and mines
were worked there by the natives 100
years ago. Now they are operated at in
tervals by natives, Chinese and foreign
ers. The correspondent continues:
The Filipinos locate the veins containing the
ore and then proceed to build wood fires on it,
keeplnj? the fires golnfr until the heat softens
the iwk and permits the easy removal of the
ore. They make crude smelting furnaces on
the ground of etone, email In size, but effective.
They get the necessary draught by using bam
boo blowers. Copper has been found In paying
quantities In several of the principal islands
of the routhern portion of the archipelago.
ThP Visayan group is already turning out some
copper, mined by Americans and others, who
expect gome time to have mining machinery of
modern type in operation, Borne having been
ordered from the United States and Europe.
Home of the newcomers desulphurize the copper
ores by "heat roasting," or by putting them
through reverberatory furnaces constructed In
the chops of Hollo. In the treatment the ore i«
crushed and rolled till very fine and Is put
into furnaces. The product is a copper matte.
People from Montana and Australia
have been locatlns silver claims on the
islands for some months.
The Home Field.
The Rising Star Gold Mining and De
velopment Company has been incorpor
ated to operate the Rising Star group of
mines at Plymouth. Amador County. The
capital stock in 5300,000, W, E. Holbrook
Ib the president.
There is a rumor that Mrs. Hetty Green
ha* bought the Union, copper mines at
Copperopolis.
A tract of land has been bought by E.
W. -Wllmer near Placerville for the pur
pose of manufacturing Portland cement.
The Clark mine at Brownsville, Yuba
County, is being put in shape for reopen
ing;-. The tunnel, is being deaned^put and
retlmbered:
The California mine In Nevada County
will soon resume work under the new
management. New machinery will be
put in.
A contract has been let by the Wash
ington Gold Mining Company for the con
struction of a 20-stamp mill at> the com
pany's quartz mine . at Bath, Placer
County.
Many claims have recently been located
In Siskiyou County, near the Dewey mine,
west from Gazelle.
The Shasta King copper mine will have
a smelter and the Trinity Copper Com
pany has let a contract for the construc
tion of a wagon road from Kennett to
the mine, which must be completed in a
month.
The Porto Fino mine in Tuolumne
County, near Sonora, is being unwatered,
and so is the old Salambo copper mine
near I^a Grange, preparatory to resuming
work. H. Willey of Santa Cruz has pur
chased the Olsen mine at Golden City at
Sheriff's sale and it will be worked for
copper.
The Bodie Miner-Index says:
John Black of Bishop has bought the mill at
Benton, owned by the Little Emily Company.
He also possesses as a result of the deal a par
tially developed mine which is said to con
tain paying ore in good quantities. About
1000 tons of ore is now on the dump, which
will be worked in the newly purchased mill as
soon as it Is put -in proper shape. There are
mineral ' resources in Benton district which
will some day make it a lively and prosperous
camp.
Dredging Operations.
The Modesto News says;
B. L. Barkis bt Oakdale has entered Into a
number of contracts with owners of land on
the banks of the Stanislaus River, between
Knights Ferry and Oakdale, to, dredge the
river for gold and other precious metals. The
agreement* have been filed for record in- the
office of the County Recorder. The proposition
is to dredge, extract and carry away all pre
cious metals from the river bed. The consid
erations are $1 to each and JO per cent of the
net receipts from the river bed. The .names of
the land owners with whom he has entered
into contracts are Mrs. Margaret E. Byrum,
William F-Bach. Andrew Hamm. Fred Hoff,
man and HT B. Pentland. The proposition is a
new one, but it has been the opinion of many
for a great number of years that the sands of
the river beds will pay to work If the appliances
are sufficiently large to engage In the business
on an extensive scale.
Home Field Still Affords
Better Chance for
Investors.
Island Stores of Metals
Are Subject of ;>^
Inquiry.
RRMY OFFICERS
HUNT FOR ORES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 19, 19CI-
21
r - - . • ft > 5 ** • ... ¦¦ " r .-.'¦¦
Good Hardwood $ A .00
Bed. ...;....... X r±z
Only 'one /article from our;:
large stock of furniture, carpets,-
curtains and. draperies.
.Get "ah estimate from us on
everything required . to furnish
•; your, > entire • establishment.
Credit and free delivery within
ioo miles-'; We close at six.-.-" .-'
T. Brilliant
FURNITURE CO.,
'i- 33S -342 \ POST STR EET.f j
'Opposite Union: Square. .'-.' '
GRAPE-NUTS.
WORK DON'T HURT.
Poor Selection of Food Is the Causo
of Break-Downs.
Many m>.n, and ¦women, too, feel that
their work Is the cause of eymptoms of
ncr\cus break-down, but work Is not the
cause, as any one can prove to their en-
tire satisfaction, by leaving: off the food
they have been trying to subsist on, and
taking: in its place food made for the ex-
preys purpose of rebuilding the brain and
nerve centers ln the body and supplying
other portions with sufficient nourishment
end keep right on with the same work
end ret well and strong.
An illustration is given in the case of
F. A- Whitely. Superintendent of the Pub-
lic Schools at Excelsior, Minn. He is
also a student and teacher of hygiene. He
says: "This spring at the beginning of the
last month of school I was very much run
down, and since my duties are quite con-
fining, I naturally ascribed my condition
to that.
"I discovered that I made the same mis-
lake that many do. . It If not work, but a
•lack of proper food that causes break-
down. Wife went visiting. at this time
and I concluded to get my own meals for
a time. The grocer suggested that I use
a ready cooked food known as Grape-
Nuts. I found the food delicious, requir-
ing no cooking. I simply poured milk or
cream over it and had it ln that way.
"I used Grape-Nuts for breakfast, din-
Btr and supper, and liking it so well I
•imply lived on it for the next three
Weeks. My work continued quite as ardu-
ous and confining as before, but 1 experi-
enced a decided rise in spirits and vitality
as well as in general health. Found I
did not tire as before and entirely lost
that worn-out feeling which seems to
take the heart out of one. ; v^-i
"I am satisfied the change was due to
my change In food, and I have been so
greatly helped and have been taught so
valuable a lesson in food as related to the
human. body that I wish to express my
appreciation in this manner." , .~K;
It will pay any brain worker to dispense
with a part of the ordinary diet and use
Grape-JCuts once or twice a day at least,
for the food is made by food experts, for
a purpose, and that purpose is to furnish
the human system with the elements, in
a concentrated form, required for re-
building ' the brain and nerve centers
throughout the body. There is no sort of
question of the truth of the statement
and value cf the food, as can be demon-
strated by any one.
; ADVERTISEMENTS. -. >
1 Last Week of Our Ribbon Sale. It's Values Like These 35c and 50c Kose Now 19c. JS^F^ateSS'-Jt' \
(jw Greater Value Than Ever. That Make Us Busy. ggto a HisiERY TALK-We havo re- Wonderful Growth of ja
1 Neck Ribbons at Next^o-, '«». «^ d /V?i5ie?- hTST™ n IIr <;,,!? n fln artmRnt S
B Ufa Nothing Prices. J^I* uR *'J s * ai ™ a^ A JzL slightly imperfect, though i only per- UUrCUlI UBpanmBni. \
M Wm They are all bought fo°r° j5.t halt tho t^**°*&?5} £# 'bl^ffilty •*&.- Th!» week wo have ft
m WtXII jftw rn"«:y nofikwIdtliH. usual uskliiR price. \jfa8a I vv(' ?>vmi. n rntin or Wo c mbl >ffl5 LADIES' PINE MAN- 19
« V&P1 J&$\ "' I' 1 " 1 "- fan<1 >- They are made of very TMglJ S5u %?f And kniMS «tra lenSth W! TAII.OUED SfTiTS. M
» MP t^® ilK'und. solid or u best Point de Venlw ull- /^NV 5«l elastic wfrrSited St wSS.' /»K made aa they shouW ffl
i3 ll^X^itr combination o f over, rovers and unuaro / // J,"*.!?. 1 ,! ri 'nni! EOc vulues ...r vf>0\ bc - In thft mOHt a P' H
M rTVVWTEk colorB, all rrvado collars attached. Won- ( ¦ . /A Regular 3oc and BOC values ..^.r. \\P0 proved tailor fashion: «
£9 lf lH ' rtt Hllk - Koft derful values f«.r..l)S«» n\ ftow ' UK trri Jacket cut after natty \A
Hr f''k\ i'A V ftfSj " I)(1 wiiHlniiilo, In . M i\" Kton, double breasted, 3
1 ffV^Sr- fr&sr is&z See and Compare Why Kot Be Beautiful? A iV sirwas^^sa i
W V^^ all f. r . t . C .!... t .°rC Cheap a. Jo, RoMfrg. -fl&^S^."^^* 1^ VJJ k^,SrS fl
B \iggg34, ail !-.,•:<• TURNOVER C0U.ARS, mado'ot velvet or chenlllo dotted, and a varl- Ns^^iy*-? "affeta "S. lTned E
A . ¦ ' ¦• . . r«»nl VonlHolitco cm dainty flheor lawn nty too Inruo to mpntlon. Ro»enberB a throughout with beat Derenlln* lln- m
m Stvllsh bllt USB III K>und ? tlOM. Only ISc wuy of iclllnir 11.00 veil-.. ....... .50c . imrand- corduroy bo"nd:jtte^etlln% B
Eg tfij lia " "" l www. uii w p lh btjUt qua u( y a|lk ftallan cloth; H
m TfATR 11ROOGII, made of bent/ Ik. I 9 f QC f ChA f nr PhifHrnn Dncf filflVP Mnrfp fnr $! Rfl colom blue. tan. urny and black. ITn- • '%
% French Bllt, Htuddeil with turqunlie, - I nB LalBST raQ TOl ulHlQlBllr « uBol UIOYB IfldUw IUl 01 iUUi rivaled valuo giving #10.00 R
1 fhS^KiSSDrlc.!"?""! WOl> ffoe OI|lf.IiR IfOSIO. murtooflmst fust T h« abov« Rtat«m»nt ii no exaiwr. . t ' J „'. . fl
m , tho uHklnff pricw -i»c j,i, u .i t Knullnh Itjlo,' doublo heels and atlon but th*» pliUn. honcut truth. Jin Item From Our ' B
B n,,n Hnm F mm tnoH. new i'ail«lnn Iucg uffect, fjtMt ThlH in excelled by nnim ami equaled i/.in.j 11 j n » B
m One Item From b | ncki ( ,,,| y a5< . , f ovpn , n u h| hcr , cw , ar . y Hart Unnflrwear DfiDar flH8nt. H
* rinr Pnctf Nntinn npnartmont aoain-ladikb 1 hobb, mmJe oe tide. - m ui ., . , i wmwu WIIU01 " 00 ' uo|iaiimoiih «
•M UUl CUSy riUlIUIl Ut|JdlllllBlll. V ory bfiHt Bouth Bpu Iwlund cotton, It 1b 1 mnde of cholco picked lamb LADIES' VE8T8. mftda of boat B
£3 HKflT OUAIJTV ST15I3ii HAlfJCTV douhJo ¦ 8<jl«. hl«h Hplhrod »k>«Ih mid i)l<iti<\ wwn, "PttrlB Point thrre-thr<*ad cotton, low neck, no p|
H I'INH nindfi of tlio boat tempered toon, in pollcti »iot or flsuml puHnrn, ntltcherl bncli, two elnup, In nil the sleeves, n*ck nnd alenvrs crochet«d fl
W Steol nil pIzoh; wholostiler'B price, oxtra lonsr, Rood width. Markod for new nhndes of tan, brown, ml nnrt nnd drawn through with »llk tnp«; M
\ Bcirofcii. Our «nlo i«rlco...,J|c Doss! fjulck eclfintf ; USe i blue, lluspiiberg's price.. ..... 81. 00 tn item worth rememberlnff 10c H
B If the Corset Does Not Fit Ladies* /v j3\. a ' 0 ow Prices. fl
A liC*%) Thpre '" Hmn11 W I /wV^lv UnJirskirts Temptingly Priced. B
1 //4v#)fe Bt Ou S r " celebrated (* / -SALE* S \K \ \ WSw "^ p **™ " l9 ''™f\?S B
» ' L£s&l'.i/'<X l>A VIDA CORBET / _t> oMY'vt'"' *\ 17 »1.00 - _>M
a V V^VMW •IV made of very beat. / f\W • mnMA Ol "AwTv 1\;. '/'¦ v f B
Bi ?\%<hU ' t quality fast color / %J * 1IMJ 1 tf fl[j\#K 4 \ : - i. « , •.•./- ''-'.' W
¦ i'^v) %. I »ateen, bias cut, . ... X*_i " • fill .•.••Nw ''-\'>-. Mnnov.xsvinor Wnmon Trsrla U^
1 \M J hand gored, boned .1 •:•£ ¦'/ flic) ¥1 TifttftnCtf: mUIIBy-wdflllg WOlUBlI 11308
a 'jh throughout with y »•****« r 'J in W $1 ; Horo ' • n
» genuine ¦/.•-.•,> b. >i*.\ ttMi 'zl ¦•••vxii r nere. «
Jl WHALEBONE, lined, satin ribbon ..:.¦¦¦-••• ' / I flfOf* C*fY Tf\ J^XtUW /~\ %-\ LACE TRIMiriVG for all ilirVif ¥$
(B and lace beading trimmed. Black ' S"'\ / ' I11 * ? * *?f * *V****ffil /^\ %\ -\ summer dresses is coSSldeVed th« ¦
W only, medium hips and bust. Rosen- ¦•.. * / 1 «I BS / ' A pr^r^WnT nowadays.* 1 »o?1ades. \
W berg's price is always lowest.. $3.50 V .^COriOnilCfil Hi/ \ here Is an opportunity not to be lost. tt
m n iL- ii • n . / U/AtnAri i??/ —\ \ ARABIAN GALOONS. made of best ¦'.«
J Something New in Corsets, / WOmen W—z-i^^r^r^ Y.JSgSfS^B^ If
fl» It's the VAN OROEN LATTICE Z 2''' gi '^ : "fi'' v '' ; ''1'' : T'" !!; ''''^^ '''' '' " opportunity «
>« RIHHON or LA GRECQUE CORSET OOt &0?!N£ER.O AGAIX-POINT DE VENISE GA- Vk
mado of very best while Italian T^^^i^^^^^^^fe^fei^tf^^^^^^^^^^^^?-'' LOOXS. ln straight or serpentine do- ll
\ Straight- fro a n n t d mod^1srb P i^ ' -*^ -¦ - warranted fast black SfSc '; \
I L < ss^?fi n 5bten t tffm d m^! $& &? LITTLE MONEY GOES A LONG WAY HERE, when There Is Anvthinz New 1
f fortheleast : &M TEAVEL^'3 SAMPLE LINE OF WEAPPEE,, made of best l ™ ™ l f t ihoeTosenlr^ i
\ rrj m Ai rt« quality percale, in light or dark, striped or figured effect, fitted The new wrist shorDlnc ' H
IB OUC IwflS ol) UUi back, loose front, waist lined and trimmed with ruffles and dainty A, bag. made of good suedo
B VZM^SJiS™ CENTURY wash braids: skirts cut wide and flounce trimmed. As these are / V leather, leatherette lined. A
I b; s f M s 5mm?r OR n S eWn\. ar welT a bone°d samples they are only size 36; ?1 and ? 1.50 Wrappers; sale SS^S^iJ^cK &
m bust, short over the hips, rustproof, price ' ¦ 7RC £S2-££I&L a very pretty noveltv at iSf
BB front steel, lact- trimmed. The talk •'«¦•¦•¦'« most reasonable prices.. RJ
I 5OC A Fact Worth Knowing For Fit, Finish and Style ujMWl i 5 ° C <JI
h Sale at O'Farrell-street Entrance. That you can get a pood AilERI- our shirt waists have no eaual ""•« 'Oil t V6l 06611 B
% OUR MUSLIN UNDERWEAR is others ask; now 10c success cornea in. >.:';... plain, fitted back, loose front, fancy ffl
H all well made, perfect fitting and of INDIES' SHIRT WAISTS, made of idjustable collar, new Bishop sleeves, ffl
JS the best materials at prices far below : We Are pood quality percale, plain back. fuU and trimmed with stitched band3. *$f
EH th ose of elsewhere. , , ' front, some scallop trimmed, others skirt full gored, well made and per- Hf ,
M This week we have on sale on our n If ngr Pin^" II K lilt UndflrWPRr plain; in checked, striped or figured feet fitting. Why sit and worry over S* >
¦ aargain counter, Market-Street En- I\IH O riH3. . Ill Mill UHUOIHOai patterns-a sure winner 40c the making of a garment of this sort »
m trance, LADIES' SKIRTS made of Here is an article you can't beat in when you can buy it ready made at
4» best quality soft bleached Wamsutta town under 50 cents:' ALSO LADIES' WAISTS, made of this price? S3.08 §S
aa ¦ muslin, deep flounce, tucked and LADIES' VESTS, made of pood best quality grass liren, tucked back " -^ Isf
« hemstitched; you can't buy materials American silk, low neck, no sleeves. ind front; new Bishop sleeves: fancy r.-iL., D#»«»i» 4** I nun Tknn Unit n
for what we ask for skirt complete.. neck and arm size crocheted and adjustable collar; front trimmed with rcdinSl DUdS TOT LESS 1 11311 H3II »
B * 7oc drawn" through with silk tape,. •' Our washable gilt buttons; sizes from 34 TAa //.,,_/ p,/-- w- f!S
B AL'feO LADIES'CORSET-GOV,ERS. hard-to-beat price ...;.25C ( . . to 42. £ The, small store's i»rice.81.25 > me usual rnco. KSJ
%¦ Loom-mu^lif, mted^hfeh-^ec^Tack;:? '^V"• X/TiTil X^ f\C\ TUTkTT^ If 7\ I V/*1 ; branch of his line of boas sold theiri-'. M
-1 V-shaped front,- --neck and' front om- ¦ - 1 fl I W |< I SV W ! It! K« Kl-r to ,t US *S t a V^iF^SSv*^ r US M
J broidery trimmed; full value for vour ' ; " Pi \ J VI lijl'f LJ i!J Hi"lJ Hi IIjI'T "' se ! them at lho usual M
M money here j «) c \J \J AA -1.V \S 9*S AvAJLV JLS JJJ.VVM • price. -,-..„ . - . SM
IS . M n AwnTucD *"^-- , ' LADIES BOAS, made of jeood . «w
» ANn ANO^HlR. MAIL O 1 £T rV/T^^I i, C i. ".¦¦" ' . ostrich feathers, finely curled fiber. By
« LADIES" DRAWERS, .made of 0BDER5 fS I O IVIrirKf^l PHKLAH . long and lustrous, the kind that won't Bk
J» good soft bleached muslin,, tucked FILLED. U1V niwi ivvi- ***>%>• BDILDIN3. lose their curl; 45 Inches long, in .^ft
Mm and finished with torchon lace, cut ' _ ' . '_. . .. _..^ . ' -_ ' » ¦ gray or black. Note this price *^H
w, wide and full; our sale price ;i5e . Running Through to II O'Farpell Street. 812.50 HI
Doyoii want to make $100?
1 can" do it for you, or I can make
$1000 for. you. I have a propo-
sition on hand that ought to pay
10 for I. It. depends on you
whether you invest $IO t 00 or
$100.0O. Gej_in_with me NOW.
JAMES R. T.HERSBON,
Member S. F. Oil Exchange.
g37, B3S, 530,550 PARROTT BDG..S.P.
O!L;=WATER.
W. W.MONTAGUE & CO.,
MANUFACTURE
IRON PIPE
FOR OIL WE1X8. FOR IRRIGATION. FOR
, , POWER . PLANTS, FOR MINES.
T^NKS
TOR OH, FOB WATER. FOR CTANID3
• PLANTS.
.> — BAN FRANCISCO. :;f~ .
i " . , . . ¦ ¦ ' . '
1 Directory
*^y....of....
|| Reputable-
OIL
Companies:
NAPA AND BERRTESSA VAXiJET Oil,
COMPANT— Controls 100O acres of U. S. patent-
ed land ln N'apa County where tat finest lubrl-
catinff oil ln California Is found; stock at 19
cents; prospectus furnished. (70 and 571 Parrots
building. Ban Francisco. - >',
.SAN JOSE OIL EXCHANGE .235!" ta o ?i
lands bought and sold; legitimate business from
responsible companies solicited. E. C. ROD*
WICK. Manager; telephone Main 147; M N.
First st.. San Jose, Cal.
SILVER STAR OIL CO.
Lands In heart of McKlttrick District, ad.
Joining large producing wells. Small block of
¦tock for sale. Prospectus and Information fur-
nished at room (03 Saf o Deposit Building, 323
Montgomery at. , v ¦'
Weai Men and Women
SHOULD ' USE DAMI AN A BITTERS. THB
great Mexican, remedy; elves health and
strength to -sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Postoffice Department Maizes Changes
in Western States and Salaries
Are Readjusted. .
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 18.— The
Postoffice Department has announced the
following:
Postofflces established In California—
Hengy, Butte County, Hettie Jones, post
mistress. Discontinued— Oregon— Custer,
Coos County; mall, to Eckley, Curry
County. Postmasters commissioned-
Washington — Carl Jacobson, Matlock. Ap
pointed—California—John. C. Selter, Fern,
Shasta County, vice Frank 1». Brown, re
signed. Washington— Persis E. Gunn, In
dex, Snohomish County, vice Amos D.
Gunn, resigned; C. N. Langsjoen, Nor
man, Snohomish County, vice John Fur
ness, resigned. .
Rural free delivery will be established
July 1 at Auburn, Placer County,. Cal.,
Postmasters' salaries in California were
readjusted to-day as follows: Bodle, from
51100 to $1000; Dunsmuir. $1200 to $1300; Hay
wards, $1500 to $1600: Menlo Park, $1000 'to
$1100; - Monrovia, • $1000 to $1200; Napa,' $22(iO
to $2300; Newman, $1100 to $1200;. Campbell
$1000 to $1100; Fuller ton, $1100 to $1200; Ma
dera, $1600 to $1800: -Merced, $1700 to J1800-
Mountain View, $1000 to $1100: Needles
$1200 to $1300; North Ontario $1000 to $1100*
These pensions were issued to-day :'• Cal
ifornia—Original—Daniel T. : Huschroft.
Los Angeles, $8;. John Gilbert, Marysville,
$6; David A.. Newell," Soldiers' Home, L.os
Angeies, $6; Sidney Ransom, Hay wards
$6; Christian M. . . Barnhardt, , Veterans'
Home, Napa, $6. Increase— Dionysius Ma
ronda, San Jose. $12;. Mil ton "Bright, Sol
diers' Home, Los Angeles, $8; George Mc-
Farlan, Tudor, $8; Samuel . Gk Dwire, . Los
Angeles, - $17. Oregon— Original— John P.
Robertson, Salem, $6. Renewal— Mounts
Story, Sweet Home,* $6. ' Increase— Thomas
H. Sholcomb;"Amlty, $10. Washington-
Original— David B. Tuck, New Whatccm,
$6; William Dobler. Sumner. $8. " Increase—
SethF.Tlcknor, Seattle, $8. \
BOSTON, May 18.— With the christening
words by Miss Gladys Lawson and the
breaking of a champagne bottle, the yacht
Independence slipped down the ways at
the Atlantic Works at 11:05 o'clock to
night, and in thirty seconds was afloat in
her element. At the end of the slip were
whistling tugboats, . and . Mrs. Lawson's
yacht Dreamer was aglow with colored
lights.
Death. Former Consul Preston.
NEW YORK, May 18.— William S. Pres
ton, formerly United States Consul at
Liege, Belgium, and later at . Cognac,
France, died at Angouleme, France, to
day, aged 74 years. He was a brother of
the late Monsignor Thomas S. Preston.
Yacht Independence Launched.
"Your message brings us inexpressible
sorrow. You have our deep sympathy in
this great affliction."
Secretary Gage has received a very
large number of telegrams from all sec
tions of the country. The President tele
graphed from San Franclsoo as follows:
WASHINGTON, May 18.— Brief funeral
services over the remains of Mrs. Gage
will be held at the Secretary's residence
on Massachusetts avenue on Monday
morning at 9 o'clock. Dr. N. D. Hillls,
pastor of -Plymouth Church, Brooklyn,
formerly of the Central Church, Chicago,
a personal friend of the family, will of
tlciate. The Secretary and his daughter,
Mrs. Pierce, will leave with the remains
on the Pennsylvania limited at 10:50 a. m.
Monday for Evanston, 111., the< former
home of the Secretary and Mrs. Gage.
Mrs. Gage will be thirled in the family
lot at Rose Hill Cemetery, Chicago.
The officers of the Treasury Department
will act as pallbearers, the following hav
ing been selected: Assistant Secretaries
Spaldlng, Taylor and Ailes; the treasurer
of the United States, Mr. Roberts; the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, Mr.
Yerkes; the Director of the Mint, Mr.
Roberts, and the chief of the secret ser
vice, Mr. Wllkie. Colonel Bingham of the
War Department also will act as one of
the pallbearers, ' representing the Presi
dent.
Mrs. Lyman Gage to Be Held
To-morrow.
Funeral Services Over Remains of
PROMINENT OFFICIALS
WILL BE PALLBEARERS
Special Dispatch to The CaJl.
LONDON, May 18.— A man who recently
succeeded in interviewing Kruger reports
he is fanatically confident the Boers will
win In the end. He is not bitter against
England, as he considers that country has
been misled. He was pathetically anxious
to know if the war in South Africa had
hastened the death of Queen Victoria. He
also declared he did not believe God would
desert his chosen people — the Boers.
When ore of Kruger's entourage sug
gested that the miracle which was -to save
the Boer cause was -somewhat overdue,
Kruger replied: "Miracle? Isn't It a mira
cle that 15,000 men are holding 250,000 at
bay?" ;•'_'< ¦¦¦-.;
CAPE TOWN, May 18.— General Bindon
Blood has just concluded a successful
concerted movement against the Boers. in
Northern Transvaal. The British columns
engaged in the operations covered a wide
area of territory, routing all commandoes
that opposed them and capturing 1000
Boers . and great quantities of supplies,
stock and wagons in various districts.
They compelled the peripatetic pseudo
Transvaal government to move again.
General Blood conducted operations in the
center, with Colonel Piumer on the left
flank and General Kitcheneron the right.
The Boer commander, General Ben Vil
joen, abandoned everything, but succeeded
in making his escap* with a few mounted
men. The Boers did not make a stand at
any point.
The report from Durban that a company
with £7,000,000 capital has approached' the
National Government for permission • to
construct a direct trunk line from Durban
to Johannesburg by, tunneling through
the hills is confirmed. If the scheme goes
through the Hand will be only twelve
hours' Journey from the coast. '
Believes the Boers Will
Eventually Win From
the British.
BERLIN, May 18.— The large 'amount of
space- and attention which the German
press and public of every class have re
cently devoted "to the United States, and
more particularly to the United States'
relations with Germany and Great Brit
ain, is remarkable. A year « ago It was
mainly the Agrarian press which t>ys
tematlcally antagonized the United States,
in view of the agrarian products and po
litical influence, but now the Liberal and
Radical press are slowly becoming con
vinced that the United States is their
keenest commercial and Industrial rival.
This fact came out strongly during the
Reichstag debates last month, and also in
the Diet. Naturally the Conservative and
Agrarian press stir : up this fire by every
available means. .
From various sources It is learned that
the harmonious relations between the
Emperor and the Conservatives have suf
fered severely through the last sessions
of the Diet and Reichstag, during which
the canal bill was disrespectfully spurned.
.While the party claims to have received
the Government's assistance In adopting
'pro-agrarian measures, the Emperor in
private conversation is reported to have
spoken indignantly about this disloyal
conduct of the Conservatives. It is also
significant that this week the North Ger
man Gazette ¦ (Conservative) reprinted
without comment a severe article
from tha Wezer Zeltung of Bremen (Na
tional Liberal) on the subject. His
Majesty Ih reputed to be especially wroth
because the Conservatives failed to Intel
ligently appreciate his pro-British policy
and the reasons therefor, and Instead
joined in the rabid antl-Hritish cry.
It Is learned authoritatively that the
questions regarding the method of tn«
China settlement have not yet be«m agreed
upon; whether it shall consist of a single
loan, under the joint guarantee of the
powers; whether each power shall guar
antee its portion, or whether there shoil
b« no loan, letting Chlnit pay off the In
demnity in ' Installments. Politically',
nothing prevents the withdrawal of the
foreign troops from China Immediately.
Their withdrawal will certainly bc«In
soon, but will bo carried out Kraduailv.
Count von Waidornee will leavo within A
fortnight and, after visiting Japnn, ho will
probably return by way of tho United
Stated,
In spite of tho Prussian Governments
prompt remonstrance, Russia continues to
maintain stringent antl-Jewlsh measures
In tho frontier districts, virtually prevent
ing all Russian Jews from missing the
Oermnn frontier and practically prohibit
ing all German Jews from crossing Into
Russia for any purpose. It Ih claimed
Itussla resolved upon such severe meus
urcR because an Investigation showed tnat
Jewish smuggler bands were responsible
for the recent socialist and nihilist fo
mentations along the frontier, and also
for the wholcnalo introduction of danger
ous pamphlets.
The Uerllnor Tajjeblatt prints an au
thorized statement from the Dresdener
Nachrichten denying that the latter paper
ever bought or negotiated for nhares of
the Paris Figaro for its own account, but
admitting that it did so for foreign cus-.
tomers, the number of shares obtained be
ing 504, which was not sufficient to gain
control of the paper.
PAUL KRUGER
STILL CONFIDENT
Von Waldersee Expected to
Return by Way of the
United States. .
German Emperor Wroth
at the Party's Be
havior.
CONSERVATIVES
ANGER WILLIAM
PORT LUIS, . Mauritius, May 18.— The
total eclipse of the sun was well observed
at the . Royal Alfred Observatory. , The
partial eclipse was partly lost through a
cloud and the first contact was entirely
lost. The 'last three contacts were, well
observed.
The party included twenty-two observ
ers. Fifty-two photographs of the corona
wero obtained with the photo-heliograph
of the Mauritius Observatory, the Green
wich coronagraph, the New Begine tele
scope and smaller cameras. -Forty-one
photographs were taken of the partial
phase, ' of the diameter and place ot the
moon, and eighteen photographs were
taken of the spectrum-
Professor Claxton • arranged , the meteor
ological observations over a wide area, for
evidence of eclipse cyclone. The corona
was of the expected minimum type,. but
seemed fainter, yellower, more diffuse and
less definite than in the eclipse of last
May. . .. . •
KARANGSAGO, Sumatra, May 18.— F.
W. Dysdon of the International Observa
tory, Greenwich, experienced unsatisfac
tory conditions to observe the eclipse of
the sun from the island of Auer Gedong.
The morning: dawned heavy with clouds,
but improved later. The sun, however,
was obscured the whole time. The dura
tion of tho eclipse was six minutes and
twenty-ono seconds. Mercury and Venus
were seen. The form of the corona was
that usually associated with the eun spot
minimum.
LICK OBSERVATORY, May 18.-A.
cablegram received from Padansr, Suma
tra, from Profe«»or C. D. Perrlne, In
charge of the Crocker eclipse expedition
from the Lick Observatory, states that
the «ky wan partially clouded at the time
of tha eclipse. The programme was con-
Blderably Interfered with, but it \n hoped
that r««ult* of value have b«en secured,
Tho form of tho corona was similar to
that observod at the eclipses of 18!>8 and
1900 in that the equatorial extensions of
tha corona wero prominent.
Tho sky was considerably darker than
on the occasion of tho eclipse last year,
but still wan hardly do dork as was ex
pectod. Detailed results of the expedition
will bo cabled an far n» potmlblo in two
or three days after tho photographic
platen have b»»on developed. The health
of members of the expedition is very
good.
Professor Perrine's Party Has
Difficulty Witli Clouded ¦
Sky..
Eclipse.
Astronomers Have Good
Results of the
LOCK ATTENDS
THE OBSERVERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 19, 1901.
22
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Golofnin Bay,
Nome City and
Teller _City.
Steamship Ruth
(W. 8. HIGGINS. Master.)
Leaves San Francisco on or
about May 20th, via Seattle,
Leaving that Port* May 26th.
For passare or freight rates call or addreat
H. R. DUFFIN. Agent.
63S Market Street, opp. Palaca Hotel,
SAN* FRANCISCO.
Teller, Behring,
Golofnin, etc,
S. S. VALENCIA,
CHARLES GRAHAM, Master.
Will Leave SAN FRANCISCO,
MAY 25, 1901,
And SeatUe
MAY 30, 19O1.
For passage and freight apply to
PACIFIC STEAM WHALING CO.,
30 CALIFORNIA STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
Cor. of First ave. and Yesler way. Seattle.
WILD GOOSE MINING AND TRAD- H
ING COMPANY. fa
Passenger and Freight Steamer raj
CHAS. D. LANE. |
NOMEl
TELLER. GOLOFNIN. PORT CLAR- H
ENCE. ETC. H
SAILS JUNE 1. - Ff
Superior First and Second Class Pas- SB
senger Accommodations. M
50 Tons Cold Storage Capacity. H
This company owns the most success- H
ful lighterage plant at Nome, assuring P3
safe discharge of all freight: also owns Ej
and operates the Wild Goose Ry. BJ
Heavy Machinery. Barges. Etc., Taken. RI
CHAS. CONKLIN & CO., 667 Market st. KJ
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
FOR
NOME, ST. MICHAEL
And AH Points on Yukon River.
Sailing Dates Subject to Change.
From San Francisco. From Seattle.
May 25 S. S. "PORTLAND
June 1 S. S. "ST. PAUL" Juns 8
May 25 »S. S. "CONEMAUGH" ...June 10
•"CONEMAUGH" carries freight and live
etock. No passengers.
• For rates of passage, freight and other par-
ticulars apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
810 Sansome St., San Francisco.
AMERICAN LINE.
styr. tobz. Southampton;, London, paris.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork EVery Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Paul May29iSt. Louis June' 26
St. Louis June 6 St. Paul July 10
St. Paul June WJSt. Louis July 17
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New Tork Every Wednesday/ 12 noon.
Kensington .... '.May 29,' Southwark . . . /.June 1<»
•Zeeland June 5 •Vaderland June '6
•Friesland June 12' Kensington July 3
•Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY
CHAS. D." TAYLOR '
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
BAY AND KEVEB STEAMERS,
;FOS U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer " MontJcello."'
MON.. TUES.. "WED.. THURS. AND SAT.
U 9:45 a. m., 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (except Thurs-
day night); Fridays, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays
10:80 a. m., 8 p. m. Landing and office, Mls-
sion-Kt • Dock. Pier No. 8. Telephone Main 1508.
RRTTQWB7Q FOR barbers, bak-
OA U O IIJL4O ers. bootblacks, bath-
houses./ billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers., flourmills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, . tailors, etc
. BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific^ Coast, Steamship Co.
fe- FOR
«N0ME
, G0LDFIELD6.
ran stsamship
CITY OF PUEBLA
Will E«ll
From San Francisco May 26
C:no*cllnt at Brattle with tht Company' • N»w
aod Splendid 6t«anmhlp
SENATOR
For Nome Direct.
LEAVING SEATTLE MAY 30th.
The Senator made Ore trlpi to Noire U»t
rrar. belnr on* of ttan first to arrive ther*,
iandlnc all her pauenrert and frelfbt without
lo«a. mivhap or material delar.
For paasenrer rate* apply TICKZET OFFICE,
4 Mew Monti-omrry vtreet.
COODALU PKRKJN8 ft CO.. Gen. Arts..
10 Market street.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
' ', Steamer* leave Broadway
>s. Wharf, Sam Frand»co:
tc^k^ For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m.,
Vv&zStew Na y '. 6 - n - 16 - 21 - S6 > S1 -
Wyf^SNfck June B. Chanjr» to company's
TCj. feT^VSli steamers at Seattle.
' i'U*5CM^«i For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
fia?SWr9li O. Port Townsend, Seattle.
I r^*«S^«ti3i Taccma, Kvprctt. Anacortes
*nd New "Whatcom (Wash,)—
"^» 11 a. m.. May 1. 6. 11. 16. 21.
» SI June 5 and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Ta-
coma to K. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C P. Ry.
For Kureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. m..
May 3 S, 13 *1S. 23. 28. June 2 t*4 p. m.). anJ
ev«-ry fifth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
i?flF>F)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays, 9 a, m. ;
steamer Kanta. Rom, Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz.
- Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford
<San Luis Oblspo). Gavlota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura Hueneme, San Pedro. East San Pe-
dro 'Newport ('Corona only)— Steamer Corona.
Saturdays, 9 a. m. ;. steamer Bonlta, Tuesdays,
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 %.. m., 7th each
month.
For further Information obtain company s
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
Fteamers. sailing dates and hours of sailing
¦without previous notice.
TICKBT OFFICE — ( New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market Bt. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
Only Steamabip Xilxi« to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to nil
points East. Through tickets to all
points, nil rail or «tes»rn«!iir» nnd rail, at
LOWEST RATES.
ETEAEER TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH and HEALS.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails May 23. June 2, 12, 22
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
Sails May IS, 2S. June 7. 17, 27
D."W. HITCHCOCK. Gen.Agt.. 1 Montgm'y.8. F.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hipgo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc No cargo received on board on
<!ay cf sailing.
gS. AMERICA MARU. Wednesday. May 2». 1901
KS. HONGKONG MARU. Saturday. June 22. 1901
ES. NIPPON MaRU.. Wednesday. July 17, 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at; company's office,
421 Market street, corner First. .
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
A/> Aanf & C € Pa "* wmi ' 8AU0A * ney>
Qeeanick5.io. asssss
BS. MARIPOSA (via Honolulu) for Samoa,
New Zealand and Australia
Thursday. May 30. 10 a. m.
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
.....Saturday, June i, 2 p. m.-
ES. AUSTRALIA for Tahiti
Sunday, June 30, at 4 p. m.
I B.SPEECKLS k EEOS. CO., General Agents. 327 Market St
Eea'i PassBnger Dtf.cs, 643 Market St.; Jbr ti. 7, Pacifis St
PANAMA R. R.fi™"
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, 51O5; Steerage, ?4O.
S. S. Leelanaw sails Monday, June 3
5. S. Argyll sails Monday, dune 24
6. S. Leeianaw sails Monday. July 15
From Fremont -street Wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing Fremont-
jitreet Wharf. 12 m.
GUATEMALA .May 17 LOA June 12
PAL.ENA May 30 TUCAPEL June 27
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE &. CO.. Gen. Agents.
COKPAGNIE GENERALS TRAN3ATLANTIQUE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. , _._
tailing every Thurtday, instead of t/&f*&&.
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42, --JXi£$jf$
North River. loot of Morton street. First class
to Havre, 155 and r upward. Second class to
Havre, $4» and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA. 32
Broadway (Hudson building). New York; J. F
FCGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. S Mont-
gomery avenue, San Francisco. Tickets sold by
all Railroad Ticket Asenta.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
EE3EBECBBI5SaSBBSB3EBBHHBBBBBEBH3SBBEBBBBBBEEaBBBE»SB
1 Dry Goods ''^Sjlfjjp Gompany. g
| LOWEST PRICES! I
n • a
| 46-IKCH SILK AHD WOOL CREPE DE CHINE. ...... CQ nfl S
s All Colors. N UUiUU WlIU ¦
I 46-IRCH CREPE DE PARIS AND EOLIENNE. — . — OIO nfl ?llit I
1 f\U Colors. OI&lUU OUll b
I 46-INCH SILK AND WOOL PANNE CREPE C|R nfl Cmf |
g Beautiful SHades. OlUlUU 0 II H g
| CREPE DE PIRIUSitt Embroideredjignre) ...... .. $18,00 Sllit S
a These goods are recognized as this season's most fashionable jj|
materials. g
C : B
¦ Country Orders Carefully and Promptly Attended To. Q
B - H
a CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, ra
SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, San Francisoo. §
U UNION SQUARE. ' 19
ScHnBaBBHBHBEBgBBBBBBHHHBBBBBBBBnPBBBBBBEaHBB
f^rtS HSHa^BH SAi FRANCISCO'S
vUiwUBWiOBM LEADING THEATRE
BEGINNING TO-MORROW
MOlMnAV NIGHT.
B n H n VH H Tl H '
And a
1 8TR0NG SUPPORTING COMPAN Y "
Presenting for
6 NIGHTS AND
WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY
: MATINEES,
The Romantic Success,
HEARTSEASE.
NEXT PLAY—
'•The Importance of Being Earnest."
'GRAND' OPERA. MOUSE
MATINEE TO-DAY
, 4 LAST v NIGHT: OF V .';•;
/•GOVERNMENT ACCEPTANCE."
CommencinK- MONDAY EVENING, •
An 'Elaborate : Production of the : Sensational
. i- ¦¦ '- Chinese Drama, ¦ '-
THEQUEEN OF
CHINATOWN.
One of • the • Bigsest - Successes of ' the Season,
i , :•» . Introduclnff . Many ¦ Specialties. ;
PRICES— 10c," 7 15c,: 25c, k .60c.' ; ; A Few Seats 75c:
A Good" Reserved ' Seat lii i Orchestra ' Saturday
t j. and Sunday M Matinees 25 .Cents.: < ¦ ¦¦
'¦ Branch Ticket- Office Emporium. , ' . .'
FTQrWFR >c ;' CON CERT house.
! : Gladys >Middleton.'Carita, Carter and Gerald,
Wm. .McDonald,', Augusta j Salvini, Perry and
Lovell, • Powers and Freed and others. ... . ¦
Reserved Seats, ¦ 25c Matinee Sunday.'
SUTRO BATHS. ;f
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Daily -From 7,a." m. to'lllp.'.m.-
1 " .Bathing: From 7 a.' m. J to 10'p. m. : .
» 'ADMISSION -10c. 6c
Bathing, Including admission, 25c. " Children, 20c.
UNION COURSING PARK
...TO-DAY...
Sunday - ----- May 19
/ '
Classical
Open Stake.
1!6— NOMINATIONS—! 16
Sunday* ----- - May 28
California Coursing
Committee Stake.
~~0
TRAIN SERVICE:
Leaves Third and Townsend streets 10:15 • ».
m., 11 a. m., 12 m. and 1 p. m.; 25th and Va-
lencia streets five minutes later. Returning at
4:45 p. m. and after the last course. Baa
Mateo cars every six minutes.
ADMISSION 25e. LADIES FREE.
J *~r tL* M lYi M 3 /-t con. ma son
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE- HOUSE
IN, THE CITY. '
Miss ETHEL BARLOW
Presenting .arSerle^f^Marvelou, LIVIno
1NGHAM,
The World's Champion Equilibrist.
MBBLliyDsbN,
The Popular. Songstress,"
A 1 ?? OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY
? .¦¦¦'••< MATINEE. EVERY SUNDAY
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY
... ' ADMISSION • FREE. *
-^»»^3 r MMARKrT.Sr™.FVaflfly
¦ rr ~~~ -- ¦¦'.-.¦;. .-. ¦ '-.-.,." • •
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
Km^J' A ? D WASHINGTON BTS.-RE-
"modeled and renovated. KING, WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms. 60c to » 60 day-
»5 to $8 'Week: « to CO month. Free baths; hot
and cold. water every room; flre grates in ever/
room; elevator run* all nlihtT^ *"" e " m ever y
"It's a Tremendous Hit!"
SECOND "WEEK— MONDAY. May 20th-
THE,» a h j- W ••THE
The Talk of the Town.
"A Thing I Had Never Done Before."
"A Jovial Monk Am I."
"A Poor Little Dolly Am 1."
"When Reuben Comes to Town."
"Go Face the World," Etc
To* See the Great TOY
SCENE.
A MUSICAL AND COMEDY TREAT FOR
EVERYBODY.
EVENINGS AT 8.
Matinee This Saturday at 2:30.
Popular Prices — 25 and 50 Cents.
TELEPHONE— BTJSH 9.
TO-NIGHT!——
BARGAIN MATINEES THURSDAYS.
25c and 5Oc.
MR. JAMES NCILL
And th« NKir-r, company.
LAST WEEK.
BARBARA
FR I ETC HIE.
Kvnlnc 23a, Uo, Me, Tie. II. M
Saturday Matin** zio. c,e, V*i
NnxT-nucono.
MATUfEB TO-DAY. TO-NiaHT.
"FRIENDS,"
TO-MOIUtOW NIGHT. '
DOI7BLB BILL.
Francla Fowen' Ctalnei* Tractdr.
"THE FIRST BORN?
Preceded by th« Howllnr Farce,
"GLORIANA,"
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
MATINEE TO-DAY. TO-NIGHT (Sunday).
Last Appearance the Champion Feather-
Weight,
TERRY McCOVERN
IK HIS GREAT SUCCESS.
"THE BOWERY AFTER DARK/>
A THREE-ROUND CONTEST in the Last Adi
Between Terry McGovern and Danny
Dougherty. »
PDIPEC EVENINGS Me. 15c. 25c. S5C. BOo
rfilWCa MATINEES K3c. 15c, 25o
To-morrow. Monday— Majmlflcent Production
of the Bis Melodramatic Success.
"SHADOWS OF A GREAT CITY."
First appearance this theater GEO. 'WEBSTER.
ENORMOUS^ SUCCESS.
CROWDED HOUSES.
BIGGEST HIT OS* THE SELASON.
ALHAMBRA.
Columbia Minstrel Co.
LAST NIGHT. ,• X*AST NIGHT.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
Matinee Prices, 23c to all parts ot the house.
Evening. 25 and 50 cents.
* Phone Howard 1974.
CHUTES^ and ZOO
JOSEPHINE GASSMAN
And Ifer Pickaninnies.
The Gillen Family, Madeline Franks,
Powers & Freed, Carroll tho
Whistler, tha Samayoas, Hew
Moving Pictures, Sail subduing
the Idon Wallace.
FORREST SEABURY,
HIGH DIVEK.
AHATEUR NKffiT, THURSDAY.
. Telephone for Seats — Park S3.
RACING ! RACING ! RACING !
.SPRING MEETING— Opening April 29.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
¦ Racing Monday. Tuesday. 'Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:13 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1. 1:30, 2. 2:30 and 3 p. in., connecting
with trains stopping at tho entrance to tha
track. Last two car3 on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. These electric cars
go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
- Returning- — Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary. - ¦ ...<¦_
H0TEL«»
Visitors to. San Francisco who malto
their headquarters at theao hotels en-
joy comforts and conveniences not to
be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attacnes and unequalefi
ctUslne. American and European plans.
*»GRAND HOTEL*" : |
THE WEEKLY GALL
$1 per Year*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cures
Cancer
Marvelous Discovery of a Great Doctor.
Free Information How to Cure
the Dread Cancer ' in
Your own Home. L
The dread cancer can be cured. Dr. O. M.
Curry of Lebanon, Ohio, one of th« foremost
scientific men in this country and a physician
: - and surgeon
rr^ySSyfch ' "whose name
fi^feiSRaS*. ha9 ¦ been coup-
jK*ry^*>S'«Ss!W l ed with some
T^» • kK^V of the great-
v'V 7 HnH%& e s * medloal
««fc -, TOggL ' discoveries,
'"'¦ "•¦'¦•;- *S l^BSsL. W^^) an n o u n ce d
, * fiwv BI(W^ . some ye a r a
, J /' . Mr '¦ ago that ha
y>JJ|Ak ftf had discovered
¦^^^ >^r^^£2^" '>^^^^^ never failed in
V?*25a<i bk. \t /JhIJS^' tt single case
&FyX$\ PffhfcTJI Vi^iiWTOi 1° bis private
•//^/\\Wgg&BKw%fiF*? practice. His
' \\il*2mlRmW[ // V success was
¦ I I TiST K' . marvelous and
™ slnca then . it
DB. 0DBB7. Lebanon, Ohio. has been test-
ed in all the
great hospitals of New " Tork, London, Paris
and ' Berlin, never falling • and }n some in-
stances performing cures. that were little short
of miraculous. . To the™ astonishment of the
greatest specialists > among the i physicians . of
this \country.- and Europe,. this wonderful cure
removes absolutely ', all trace • of ' the ' concer,
quickly and permanently and without: the fear-
ful suffering of an , operation, -. and . it leaves
no 'bad effects.; The discovery of this cure: is
considered without- a parallel • in i the ¦ annals of
medicine and surgery, and:. Dr. Curry has per-
fected" a complete treatment, \wlth< which any-
orfe can cure themselves in their own • home
or room and he offers to send all the informa-
tion necessary for a complete cure free. There
need be no hesitancy'on . the part of any read-
er of this publication, to write at once to V>r.
Curry Cancer - Cure 'Co., . box . 325,:. Lebanon,
Ohio, as this is simply an effort*, to make 'this
wonderful cure more widely known •• and .• thus
relieve suffering humanity. . • .;¦?¦.'.¦ x ~.- ' ,.
R ad way's
Pilte
; Purely vegetable, . mild and . reliable. Cause
perfect dices t ion, . - complete absorption and ¦
healthful, regularity.* »¦ • . . •. .
For the cure of all diaorders of the Stomach,
Liver. 1 ' Bowel«,< Kidneys, - Bladder. ' Female Ir-
regularities, Sick Headache, ¦ Biliousness, Con-'
Btipatlon, Piles and- all derangements of the
Internal Viscera. 25e a box. At Druggists, or
by mall. <;•-•:. RADWAY & CO.. New Torfc. >;
1 : . ADVERTISEMENTS.
O -i-H"!-M"MMi"M..i.,;,,M:.f i..VM-I"M.I-'l'M..i..:..i..H"I"I"I"I 1 I I I"H I I 1 1 M 1 H-? •
I ==High-Grade== |
I Tailor- Made Garments |
I REDUCED {
X =Z
-!• BBIBBBBBBBBBaEB v
1 \ "-¦- \ v ' ; - ': _ ' 4
X ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ •*• •**¦ . • T
I I
% We offep during: this coming: week a reg- X
$ ulap CUT IN PRICES— Some are broken |
!* in sizes; others 1 wo have all sizes: X
'•'• '¦¦¦' ' '*¦ ¦ ' ¦ • X
** ®&$t lO\ $20.00 Suits cut Jto J.
'.'. Af^i'P^\ $ 22 -. t '" Oxford Rac- Wj y/U \\
'" j^^W^^^'i^k Jackets in odd sizes / « I) v3
V. *^'Mf/0'}'>*£Ml£ $20.00 Silk Grenadine ' * X
•J. , w — — Skirts. at.. 91-««5O
± $1500 Silk Grenadine Skirts at. $10.00 ;;
I! $15.00 Taffeta Silk Skirts at $10.00 ..
- Cloth Dress Skirts 9S.00 to $15.00 J
• • ¦ ••
il 1230, 1232, 1234 MARKET ST. jj
AMUSEJgEirrfl.
Week Commencing *3ta TO-DAY, SUNDAY MATINEE. May 19th.
~ X"""iJT!B3^Sr SHOW!
AL LEACH a THREE ROSEBUDS
Presenting a Musical Vaudeville Sketch by Joseph Hart Entitled "EXAMINATION DAY
AT SCHOOL." .,
IMPORTANT ENGAGEMENT OF
MISS GRACE VAN STUDDIFORD
Operatic Prlma Donna, late of the Metropolitan English Grand Opera Company. New York.
GENARD and BAILEY
Demonstrators of the Art of Motion.
~ LEW SULLY
/ Black Face Comedian.
BURTON AND BROOKS g££?£,£cg
BISON CITY QUARTETTE THE BIOGRAPH ~
Songa in Comedy Waves. ¦ ¦ ¦ 1 ¦- M'WWIini IS
OVERWHELMING SUCCESS OF
JAMES 0. BARROWS, JOHN LANCASTER and CO.
Presenting "Tactics," by Thomas Frost, author of "CHUMS."
Parquet, 25 cents, any seat; Balcony, 10 cents: Children. 10 cents, any part except re-
served. A few front Orchestra rows reserved, 60 cents; Front rows of Balcony reserved,
25 cents.FRATERNAL NEWS
Tlie Druids.
The following named officers of Hart
r.agle Chapter of the Ancient Order of
Druids were installed last week: James
F. Martinoni. arch Driud; John Gesard,
chief bard; A. Higuerra, past arch Druid;
A. M. Armstrong, treasurer; John riutton,
secretary; C. C. L-uchessa, guide; Joseph
c'accia, guard, and Jacob Wesiier, senti
nel. A degree team of the chapter has
been formed, and it is drilline for the
purpose of initiating eligibles during ihe
session of the Grand Grove. New regalia
has been procured, and it will be worn on
that occasion for the first time. The chap
ter will hold a special meeting on the lSih
of June for the purpose of conferring the
degree
On the night of the 24th inst. the Past
Arches' Association will visit Volta Gro\e
in a body. On the following Sunday the
association will hold a meeting for the
purpose of hearing several important sug
gestions. ' ¦ '
Gfand Secretary Graves visited San
Jose on the 11th inst. and assisted in the
installation of the officers of San Jcse,
Columbus and Garden groves. The Instal
lation was public and was witnessed by a
large number of people. The following
night the grand secretary visited tlollister
Grove, where he conferred the degrees on
a number of strangers. On Monday he
was with Gilroy Grove, where he initi
ated a number of applicants and con
ferred degrees. The last two named
groves, organized but two morAhs, are
doing good work.
Salinas will enter the contest io secure
the Grand Grove in 19-32. The grove in that
city at its last meeting received six appli
cations. The grove has made a net gain
of sixty-one in the last six months. Will
iam Tell Grove commenced the new term
by initiating one and receiving an appli
cation. Haywards Lodge initiated nine
strangers at its last held meeting. It re
ports a gain of forty-one during the year.
Noble Grand Arch Henrj' Lange and
Grand Secretary Graves were present in
Santa Rosa last week on the occasion of
the public installation of the officers of
Santa Rosa Grove. Previous to the in-
Fiailation the grove received one applica
tion and elected two applicants. After the
ceremony ther«> was a banQuet and ad
dresses by the grand officers. This grove
al5o wants the Grand Lodge session in
1W2.
Ther» was a large attendance at the
public installation cf the officers of El
Dorado Circle last week in Washington
Square Hall. There were present Mrs.
J. Thornhill. G. A. D.: Miss Bessie Fab
hry. G. S. : Mrs. J. S. Godcau, G. T.: Mrs.
Virginia Cervelli. <J. C; Mrs. X. Gosch,
G. O. G. By the courtesy of District Dep
uty J. F. Martinon! John Hutton, deputy
cf District No. 1. noted as installing offi
cer and he wa« highly praised for the por
fert marm'T in which he performed h'.s
vork. At the cIofc of the ceremony he.
on behalf <jf the «.-irclo. presented Mrs.
Hrlden. the roimrig arch Druidess.a hand
some gold cmblema'ic badge. The recip
ient made an addr<=.ri.-i In accepting the
srift and she was followed with addresses
by District Deputy Martinonl and Grand
Secretary Graves, who had something to
say for the good of the order. Then there
was a recitation by Pi Glover, fancy dance
l-y Lizzie Muis. vocal solo by Miss L. Gil
roore. remarks by O. Hernan and an in
vitation by the new arch Draidess, Mrs.
James F. Martinoin, to .partake of re
freshments.
The first entertainment by Cypress Cir
cle last week was a gTeat success. There
was a good programme and dancing, also
the serving of icecream and lemonade.
Hoadicea Circle continues to initiate
members at almost every meeting. Golden
Gate Circle will have its officers Installed
in pubiic on the 23J inst.
American Companions.
Inter ICos Circler the circle of amiable
girls, at its last held meeting added two
to its membership roll by initiation and
received several applications from indi
viduals who wish to associate themselves
with an organization that is sociable, sin
cere and constant. The members of this
circle are perfecting themselves for the
grand eotilon to be given in Union
Square Hall on the night of the 2Sth inst.
Robin Hood Circle at its meeting last
Wednesday night elected the following
named officers for the ensuing term:
Mabel Miller. C. C; Raye Michaels, S.^C.
C; Alice Ticoulet, R. S. (re-elected);
Martha Hllken, Ii. G.; Mary Walters, L.
G.; Anita. Schoen. I. G.; Mrs. Erhardt,
O. G.; Annie Gudehus, organist; Mrs. C.
Miller, trustee.
Mrs. Helen M. Worms, one of the grand
trustees. Is a candidate for the office of
grand sub-chief. She has been an active
worker for the order for a number of
years, and has during the present term
organized several circles In this State.
Miss Alice Ticoulet, who has made a
very efficient sub-chief, will be a candi
date at the next session of the Grand Cir
cle fcr the 'office of grand chief com
panion.
Augusta Rogge of Watsonvllle will also
be a candidate for grand honors.
New Century Circle, recently organized,
is rapidly adding to its membership. On
last Monday It received seventeen
strangers by initiation, and also. had sev
eral applications on the desk. On the
night of the 11th this circle gave its first
entertainment In the Alcazar building and
the attendance was very large, the pro
gramme of varied numbers was a most
entertaining one, and the dance pro
gramme was all that could be desired.
The contributors to the programme were
Rita. Brown. May Whorlsky, Hazel Wat
son LlIlX McDonald, Miss Amenberg,
Martha Darts and the Golden Gate Man
dolin Club. Several of the contributors
were Juveniles, who were directed by their
Instructor, Professor FIndlay. The vari
ous committees were: Mrs. A. E. Dren-
A correspondent from Stockton sends
the following about the recent cocial ses
sion of Stockton Lodge: "The social ses
sion given by Stockton Lodge of, the Elks
last Tuesday evening was a decidedly
pleasant affair. Bert Lewis was Very
touching in the chair and-saw to it that
every one present contributed to the char
ity box. The antics of Otto Koppitz as the
policeman kept the gathering In an up
roar. • Many pleasing stories were told and
several acceptable solos were rendered.
District Deputy Frank L. Gray of Sacra
mento was present and talked very enter
tainingly on the history of the order in
this State. He spoke of the creditable
growth of Stockton Lodge' and expressed
the hope that his successor would be
chosen from the local lodge."
San Francisco Lodge of the Elks was
visited last Friday night by Governor
Nash and members of his staff who are
members of the order, also by the Chief
Justice of the Supreme Court of Ohio.
During the evening there was . consider
able excitement relative to the sale of
boxes- for the. entertainment - to be Riven
on the night of the- 28th Inst. in the Al
hambra. • /
The Elks.
The Burnham & Marsh Company has
sold for Edwin J. Ellis to Morris Oser a
lot. 23x137:6 feet, on the north line of Geary
Btreet. 112:6 feet west from Jones, with
improvements, consisting of a three-story
building containing thirty rooms. The
price was $25,000.
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. have sold the
Dr. McDonnell residence, at 813 Sutter
street, for Dr. Thorne to a client cf Madi
s=on & Burke for $28,000-; also 3649 "Wash
ington street, the lot being WxlZIiSV* feet
and havirg upon it a tine residence, for
$33,000. The property is between Locust
and Spruce streets. It has been owned
by Gustave Arnold.
j"he same brokers have also sold a lot,
G. H. Umbsen & Co. have Bold for $70,000
to William Giselman for Mrs. Van "Win
kle the southeast corner of Geary and
Larkin streets. 70x137:6 feet. The lot is
covered by frame buildings.
Sales by Brokers.
South line of Ellis. 160:6 west from Hyde.
<5*xl37:«, 51G.5OO, from Kate Ryan to C. Osgood
Hooker; north line of Sutter, 18 feet west from
Trinity. 22x€Sx40x6 :9xlSx52, $36,500, from the
Board of Home Missions cf the Presbyterian
Church to Abraham Aronson, $36,500; northwest
corner of Trinity and Sutter. 18x62, from Han
nah N. Haviland to A. Aronson, $4t,5OO; north
west lin« of Folsom street. 285 feet southwest
from First. S?xS0, from Mary A. F. and John
Haflerty to Henry E. Bothin, $13,500; south line
of Washington. 37 :< feet west from Laurel, 50x
127:S\i. from Horace G. Platt to Speqcer G.
IJuckbe*. SSOOC: north line of Bush. 165 feet west
from Pierc*. 27:6x137:6. from the estate of La
zar Jovovich to Julius C. Toudy, $4000: north
line of McAllister, 100 feet west from Devisa
dero, 25x100, from James T. Donahue to John
Uonhard, fSOOO: southwest corner of Clay and
Laurel. 6S;Sxl27 :SVi. from Joseph and Julia.
Klsermann to Matthew Gardner. $10,500; east
line of Sixth avenue, 150 feet north from Clem
ent, 20x120. from Richard P. and Irene Rlck
ard to Hans Wulff, $3000; south line of Pine
street. S7:6 feet east from Stockton. 34:6x77:6.
from the estate of Margaret Kennedy to Luca
Peirano, S4STO; north line of Geary, 112:6 feet
westVroni Jones, 23x137:6, from Edwin J. Ellis
to Morris Oser. K4.CCG.
A deed has been placed on record which
conveys to the Mercantile Trust Company
25x114:4 feet on the north line of Califor
nia street. S7:6 feet east from 'Montgom
ery, for 562,720. This is the largest sale
recorded during the week. Several other
transactions of general Interest have also
been made a matter of record. To illus
trate the condit.'on of the market selec
tions are made as follows:
A new council will be organized this
week at Los Angeles with a charter list
of "fifty members.
Three new councils of the Order of Pen
do have been instituted during the first
week of the current month, Benicia Coun
cil at Benicia, with Wesley T. Wilson as
councillor and Peter J. Chrlstensen as sec
retary; Santa Rosa Council at Santa Rosa,
with Alonzo A. Casey as president and
Louise G. Dornell as secretary, and Mount
Carleton Council at Hillyard, Washing
ton, with the Rev. George^Cable as coun
cillor and Eva J. Casey as secretary.
Order of Pendo.
The picnic given by the lodges of Sacra
mento County at Auburn- was a great suc
cess. It took thirty cars to convey the
excursionists to the picnic grounds.
On the night of the first of next month
the members of River View Lodge at Rio
Vista will have an anniversary function,
to which all the grand officers have been
Invited. A special invitation to address
the lodge has been extended -to Granu
Keeper of Records and Seals Schaffner. '
On June 1 Spartan Lodge of North
Bloomfield will be visited by a team from
Milo Lodge of Nevada City, which will
confer the knight rank in long form.
A new company of the Uniform Rank
will be mustered in at Healdsburg on the
27th inst;
Knights of Pythias.
order, Mrs. Eola M. Cyrus, district deputy
president, whose term closed last week, a
most successful one during which she
demonstrated extraordinary executive
ability and great precision in the instal
lation and ritualistic work, was called in
I.oyal Lodge, of which she Is a member,
and was presented by that body as an, ap
preciation of the honor she has reflected
upon it by her work, a past grand's jewel,
and- before - she recovered from the sur
prise she was again called to "attention"
and presented by the members of her stafE
a beautiful gold watch and chain, appro
priately inscribed* as a token Of sisterly
love. Mrs. Cyrus was a painstaking, con
scientious, officer Who well deserves the
tokens that were bestowed upon her.
No. 1731 Market street, 277.10 southwest of
Brady street, consisting- of a lot, 38.11x124:6
to Stevenson street, with improvements; lot
and buildings belonging to the estate of James
Collopy, on the southeast line of Bryant
street, 53:G southwest from Boardman place;
unimproved lot, 62:6x93, on the northeast cor
ner of Laeuna and O'Farrell streets; flats on
the north "line of Ellis street, 175 feet east of
Octavla; lot on the southwest corner of Bu
chanan and Fulton streets^ There are also
other properties on the list.
Easton, Eldridge & Co, will auction,
realty on Tuesday, May 27, at 638 Market
street. The properties to .be disposed of
include the following:
Nos. 62S, 630. 634 and 638 Clay street and 637.
639, 641 and C43 Merchant street, 97:6 ea^t of
Kearny; lot and building belonging to the
E. T. Anthony estate, at 407 and 409 Commer
cial street; the property at Sll and 313 Pacific
street: the three-story building and lot. • 60x
137:6, at 1248 California street, north side, be
tween Jones and Leavenworth; the stores and
flat at 1CC2 and 1004 Hyde street, between Pine
and California; properties of the Cella Hagan
estate at 2732 and 2734' Pine street; the resi
dence und lot, 30x100, on the northeast corner
of Sixteenth and Castro streets. .
An auction sale will be held by G. H.
Umbsen & Co. at 14 Montgomery street
on the 27th inst. of the Sutro residence on
the northwest corner of Hayes and Fill
more streets, and also the following:
Realty at Auction.
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to John
C. Wilson, for $30,000, the northwest corner of
Vallejo and Battery streets ; Andrew L. Ed
wards to John G. and Dorette Fehyl, for $fO,
000, properties on Minna and Powell; Hibernia
Savings and Loan Society to Frederick Kraus,
for $15,000,' southwest corner of McAllister and
Webster streets and also property on the west
line of Anna street. 137:6 south from Ellis;
Home Investment Associatlc\ to John Kenny,
for $13,000. northwest corner of Nebraska, and
Yolo streets.
pany,' $11,000 on the property, 60:8^x123 on the
east line, of Van Ness avenue, 67 feet north
from Jackson; French Savings Bank to
Thomas B. Evans, $15,000 on 62x125 on the west
line of Van Ness avenue, SO feet north from
Vallejo; Hibernla Savings and Loan Society
to Henry E. Bothln. $10,000 on 80x80 feet on
the northwest line of Folsom, 285 feet south
west from First; Hibernia Savings and Loan
Society to A. "W. Pottiani. $35,000 on property
on the north line of Ellis street. 197 feet west
from Jones; Hibernia Savings and Loan: Soci
ety to A. Aronson, $50,000 on the northwest
corner of Sutter and Trinity streets.
Among the releases placed on record are
the fpllowine:
Bebekahs.
On the eveninsr of the 11th inst. Mission
Rebekah Lodge held a meeting that will
long be held in pleasant remembrance by
ail who were present. It was on the oc
casion of the last -official visit of Mrs.
Caroline A. Hoxett, president of the Cali
fornia Assembly. There were present, in
acdition to the membership. Grand Mas
ter "Watson. Grand Secretary Shaw, Mrs.
Mary E. Donoho, secretary of the assem
bly; District Deputy President Mrs. Cyrus
and her staff of officers and a number of
past y and present grand officers and many
visitors from local lodges. Ten strangers
were received by initiation and three by
card. This lodge has had a remarkable
increase this term, due mainly to the fra
ternal interest taken by Mrs. Duncan, the
noble STand, who since she has been in
the chair has proved herself one of the
brightest of the many bright officers that
have fi'-!ed the station of noble grand
since the institution of the lodge. The
visiting officers, in speaking under good
of the order, highly complimented the no
ble grand and her officers for the efficient
manner in which the work was rendered.
They also congratulated the lodge upon
its prosperity. A banquet followed the
ceremonies, when all had an opportunity
to enjoy the generous hospitality of the
Mission Rebekahs.
Templar Rebekah Lodge will on next
Saturdav night give an "at home" in the
Memorial Hall of the Odd Fellows' build
ing, /when Aunt Jerusha Dow will show
her' highly treasured family album. This
is a novelty, never having been shown in
this city, and it is said will be not only
an amusing but a most interesting part
of an entertainins programme to be pre
sented by the very wide awake members
of Templar Lodge.
Last Monday night, under good of .the
dell, Mrs. M. Wilkins, Mrs. E. H. Zeis
sing, Mrs. Sarah Beversen, Mrs. H. L.
Lemme. Mrs. Wagner, Mrs. May Large,
Miss Alice Smith. Mrs. M. D. Holt, Miss
L. Burton, Mrs. PUjm. Mrs. Massey. Mrs.
A. Groferer, Mrs. Simons. Mrs. Morey,
Mrs. Kinston and Mrs. Bostrom.
Loans and Releases.
The loans of the week included the fol
lowing:
James M. Jackson to the West School Com-
The cost of the two-etory brick shop
which the Risdon Iron Works will con
struct on the northwest corner of Folsom
anci Steuart streets will be $45,000.
T. P. Kussick will build three flats on
the north line of ' Folsom street, near
Tenth.
M. Scheftel will place on the south line
of Page street, 1O3:<5 feet west from Cole,
a three-story and basement frame build
in;?, containing flats, at a cost of $6230.
b\ H. Keyes has contracted for a two
story frame dwelling on the east line of
Seventh avenue, 100 feet south from Lake,
street.
Five flats with store and basement will
be included In the three-story building to
be erected by Philip Baunworth on the
northeast corner c£ Eddy and Fillmore
streets.
On the northeast corner of Folsom and
Twentieth streets Jean Allec will place a
three-story frame building to cost $18,000
approximately.
A four-story frame building: will lx>
erected for G. L. Page on the northwest
corner of Polk street and Fern avenue,
the cost being about ¦¦ 511,000.
Architect William H. Wharff is prepar
ing plajis for a fine residence to be erected
for Mrs. J. O. Low on Vallejo street, near
A five-story frame hotel will be built
by Edward B. Hindes on the south line
of Bush street, between Taylor and
Jones.
Buildings Are Planned.
Oscar Heyman has sold live lots in the
subdivision of the Mission Street Land
Company's holdings for $800.
Thomas Magte & Sons report the sale
of the southeast corner of Eddy and
Leavenworth streets/ 40x65:6 feet, for J. G.
Deming to Morris and Meyer Lando for
$30,250.
A. E. Buckingham reports ,the sale of
lot, 37:6x100 feet, with two-story building,
on the west line of Ninth street, 155 feet
south from Howard, for $12,000; lot. 25x
137:6 feet, with new house, on Jackson
street, between Baker and Lyon, for $S0O0;
two lots on Eleventh avenue, between H
and I streets, for $S25 each: house and lot
on Eleventh avenue, between H and I
streets, to Mr. Johnson of Nevada.
25xS0 feet, on the north line of Fulton
street, 25 feet east from Baker, for $3100;
also lot with improvements at 2213 Web
ster street, 25xGS:9 feet, for $4000.
Many Large, and Imposing Buildings Are Planned for Construction
in the Residence and Business Districts, the Heaviest Contract
Being for a Shop to Be Erected for the Risdon Iron Works
CITY PROPERTY SELLS READILY
AND COMMANDS EXCELLENT PRICES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 19, 1901.
The Bruidesses.
23
CAMP REVERIE,
— in the: —
RUSSIAN RIVER REDWOODS.
"In All California
No PlaeeLike This."
An Outing
On a New Plan:
. j • . ¦ . ;.
On June 8, this year. CAMP REVERIE will
be opened In a redwov<d grove on the Guerne-
ville branch, of the California Northwestern
Railway, midway between Fulton and Guerne-
vllle. .
Handsome booklets with full details have been
12ft In Ticket Offices of the California North-
western Railway, or address CAMP REVERIE
ASSOCIATION, room SI, Flood building. San
Francisco. Office hours' 12 to 4 p. m.. Mon-
days, Wednesdays and Saturdays.
HOT SPRINGS.
A grotto, 1400 feet up in tha coast rarge,
overlooking the broad Salinas Valley; free
from fog and -winds; pure dry balmy air;
equable temperature : seven miles stage from
Soledad: hot and cold soda and sulphur baths;
tub and plunge; special bathhouses for ladies;
massage treatment; cement swimming tank.
SOxSO; hunting and fishing; all popular games;
hotel, cottages and grounds illuminated by gas;
telephone and ~P. O. ; ronnd-trio ticket $8. C.
T. ROMIE, prop.; J. O. VALPEY. manager.
...NAPA... NapaConnty.
[SODA SPRINGS Cal «
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL OF ALL
health resorts.
Rates $10 to $15 per week. Two trains dally.
foot of Market- street, 7 a. m. and 4 p. m.
For further Information address
A. DOLLMANN, Proprietor.
CAZADERO LKjg
mtjes northwest of San Francisco. Hotels, cot-
tages and camp grounds offer accommoda-
tions to suit all. Everything needed by camp-
ers supplied at reasonable prices. . Fine trout
fishing, beautiful scenery. -drives.'. bathing. An
ideal resort. Elim Grove Hotel, under same
management, en the banks' of Austin Creek,
a mile from Cazadero; a most picturesque
spot. For particulars write The Cazadero Co..
Cazadero. Cal. City office 749 Market st.
For the complexion. Indispensable: for- the
Mountains and Sea Shore. Prevents and re-,
moves tan. sunburn ard infection from Poison
Oak. Indorsed by the medical profession. At
all druggists.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIG OAK FLAT AND TOSEMITE STAGE
CO.— Running directly through the Tuolumne
Big Tree Grove. Round trip from ' San Fran-
cisco $32. Round trip from Stockton $27.
Staging 2% hours ' first afternoon tnd 9 hours
next day. arriving at Tosemite Valley 5 p. m.
Rend for illustrated folder. WM. J. WHITE.
Gen'l Agent. 630 Market st.. opposite Palace
Hotel. S. F. : tel. Black 3571.
I 1 WS SPRINGS
Healthiest and best climate, prettiest place
In all California: lots amusement; fine walks;
all mineral waters. Rates. $10 and $12 per
wsek.. Open May 13. j Circulars at city office,
91$ LaJkin St., S. F. DRURT & KROEGER.
I————— THE NEW BUILDINGS AND
Hf»lTT'S Beautiful -Grounds - at 'HoUt's
nut I 1 O Schoo i wi n b, t^e,, to summer
MFNLO quests during June and July.
Superior climate. excellent
PARK. table; reasonable prices. Ad-
' dress . IRA G. HOITT.
KLAMATH HOT SPPINCS.
Finest fishing, hunting and health resort on
the coast. Climate perfect. On Klamath River.
Rates, }2 and $2 50 per day; $10 to $14 per week.
Call Traveler Office, 20 llontsomery St.. or
address EDSON BROS., Beswick. Siskiyon
County, Cal. ' ¦
LAUREL RANCH RESORT
S miles from station: beautiful view: moun-
tain scenery: good hunting, fishing In moun-
tain streams: Ehort distance from Geysers;
dully mall; $7 per week. Further particulars
address G. H. BLACK. Geygfrvllle. Sonoma Co.
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS.
Greatly improved. New cottages, large hall,
pianos, "billiard, pool and other games: every-
thing new; $7* per week. Round trip by stmr
Point Arena. $7. Inquire at 54 Mission and 14
Sansome st.'. or of DR. W. A. McCORNACK,
Point Arena, Cal. - "
FERN BROOK PARK,
NII.ES CANTON. IS NOW OPEN FOR PIC-
- nics or campers. Further information ad-
dress WM. H. JSENTON, Excursion Pass.
Agent S. P. Co.. €13 Market street. - - ¦;
GOOD FELLOWS' HOME.
AMID THE , MOUNTAINS OF MENDO-
cino. • Visit this quiet little resort for
rolid comfort. For particulars apply to S.
flTRATION.' 3 Eighth street. City.
I THE .. GEYSERS, "SSSSS!
ON-E OF NATURE'S WONDERS. NATC-
ral iteam baths: swimming, fishing. hunt-
Ing and livery. Write for ¦ pamphlet. L
WERTHEIMER. manager. * '
1VH ? (\W DAWH former proprietor W.
TAn .11 Crandell— A summer homa
in the redwoods. Smiles from Santa Cruz:
running water, swimming, croquet, abundance
of fruit, home cooking: table speaks for ltseir.
For particulars. TULEY & ILIF* 1 . Santa Crna.
HOTEL MOUNT VIEW-
Changed hands. , Will : hereafter . be open - the
year round. Bus meets 9:30 and 11 o'clock trains
frpm the city at present .The cultaary depart-
ment will receive special: attention.- For rates
and particulars - ' address • HOTEL MOUNT
VIEW, Ross Valley, Marin Co., OX. . ¦ . . - L
r 1 MD T A VI At> - Cottages, : camplnfr. f.shln«c;
WAInr lAILUK 29 miles from S. F.:. in the
redwoods. Call Traveler office. 20 Montgomery
street, or address . H. Q. ¦ MARTIN. '; Proprietor.
TOTECOTTiGHS,;^^^^^.
Altitude 2000 feet. Write for circulars. MRS.
J. H. GOETSCHE. Angwin P V O.. CaU ,
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
Only Three Hours' Staging
To tha prettiest, healthiest, most nsstful plazs
in all California. Resident physician. Ev«ry
comfort and amusement. Rates — J10. tt2. $H.
*15 and $18 per ireelc Call on LEE D. CRAIG.
S16 Montgomery st.. and see photographs of
hotel and surroundinjs. Ws take plea*ur» In
writing; full particulars. * Address CRAIG J*
WARNER. y '
OR C C O'DONNEUU'S
MINERAL, SPRINGS AT GLEN EX.LEN.
the best caspin?. picnic and pleasure ¦ re-
tort on tha Coast. The greatest remedy for
lung disease, liver and stomach complaints.
rheumatism and catarrh In ths wcrld; 41
mlleSffrom S. F. The S. P. R. P.. and S. F.
& N. P. R. R. give special rates to campers:
SO cottages and tents furnished: rent cheap:
no fogs nor poison oak at the park: mineral
water, boats and bathlns free. Inquire of DR.
C. C. CDONNELL, office 1021H Market, bet.
«th and 7th. S. P. If you want your health,
pleasure and longevity this Is the place to go.
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS
Hot Springs, but not a sanitarium.
¦Formerly Asua Callente Springs. Sonoma
Valley. No staging: 46 miles via C N. Rv.
or S. . P. R. R. Immense swimming tank.
Splendid table. Come Sundays, try It. "Round
trip, $1 10. Telephone, expensive Improvements:
$12 and fU. COOPER & SHEDDEN, Asua
Caliente, Cal.
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Sulphur Creek, Colusa Co., Cal., 26 miles by
stage west of 'Williams; fare t~ Hottest and
strongest water on the Coast: temperature US
deg. Cures rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum.
Ektn diseases, neuralgia, liver and kidney Com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury In system, dyspep-
sia, catarrh. Natural mud baths. New 2-story
hotel: fine new bathhouse. Board and lodjrinK, ,
Including baths. $10 a week. Wil. OELGEART. !
Proprietor.
EL MONTE HOTEL,
First-class family resort: climate unsur-
passed: great relief for people with asthma: 65
miles from S. F. : fare 51 65; free 'bus. Particu-
lars at Traveler Office, 20 Montgomery a t., or
of JOHN^NEVILL. Proprietor. Loa Gatoa.
GLENBROOK.
Various amusements. Large and small ramf.
Table and beds unsurpassed. Rates only $3 and
$10. Apply 20 Montgomery st or address O. W.
R. TREDWAT, Prop., Glenbrook. Lake Co.. Cal.
? JOHANNISBPRG.
First-class family resort in the ' Napa red-
woods. Exhilarating air. hunting. .. fishing,
swimming and boating. . Terms reasonable. In-
quire' THEO. BLANCKEXBURG JR.. Prop..
Oakville, Napa Co.. or The Traveler's Bureau.
20 Montgomery st.
It is never too late to enjoy good health and
pleasure at the cozy
: Saratoga Springs.
S. MARTEXS. Prop.. Bachelor I\ O.. Lake
County: City Office. 416 Pine street. ¦
TOLL HOUSE.
PLEASANT ACCOitMODATIONS FOR A
few guests: mountain scenery: .pure air.
$8 per wk. H. B. LAWLEY, Calistoga, Cal.
MOUNTAIN HOME.
In "the Santa Cruz Mountains. '• Health, ¦ pleas-
ure, fishing, hunting and swimming; good
table; guests at home; never fall to come back
again: send for souvenir. VIC PONCELET.
Llagas.
BELLBVUE HOTEL.
. P. O. EL VERANO. CaL, Verano Station j
(Kings /Crossing)), on California Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral batha near by. Terms.
$1 per day and upward. PETER GOUILHAR-
DOU. lessee.
LAKE COUNTY.— New 19-passenger Yosemlte
Stage, all outside scats. . Leaves Calistoga
daily (Sundays exceptrd) at 11:30 a. m.. direct
to Harbin, Seigler, Adams, Howard, Ander-
son. Astorgs and Glenbrook: buy round-trip
tickets; half an hour for lunch at Calistoga:
also to MUMletown. Lower Lake. Kelsey villa
and Lakeport. WM. SPIERS. Proprietor.
OWN a home In beauxtful CAMP MEEKER:
buy lots $10 up; cottages built by -Meeker, $30
up: boating, bathing, tenting ground free:
sawmill, depot, stors. pcstoQce at camp:
board and lodging $6; take Sausallto ferrv. $3
round-trip. Address M. C. MEEKER, or H.
M. GREGSON. Camp Meeker, Sonoma Countv.
"THE GROVE." Lake Tahoe. Cal.. V 3 mile east
of Tallac. Board and lodsrlng per week. y».
By the day. $2. Meals, 50c. Good saddle
horses and the best of livery. Eoata fre* to
all guests. PARMETER & COPLAND, Pro-
prietors.
BROOKSIDE— At head of Napa Valley. ' Free
carriage, hot and cold water, gas, baths,
springs, rooms and board unsurpassed. Write
- for pamphlet. G. W. CUTLER. CalistoRa, Ca!.
MOUNTAIN MILL HOTEL — Accommodations
¦ for few, guests: mountain scenery, pure air:
$7 per week. F. McNULTY, Calistoga. Cal.
LAGUNA FARM— 1% • miles from Mt. Olivet
station: boating, fishing, bathing: $6 per week.
MRS- R. BALLARD. Mt. Olivet. Sonoma Co.
GILROY FASHION STABLES— Also stase lino
to hot springs; first-class turnouts. MATOCK
& HOOPER. proDrletfirs.
weeeF call
o/ It PubHshoJ the Cream of tnt
News or the Week* and
2 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
J ORIGINAL FEATURES. >
P\ IT is THE BEST WEEKLY
W PAPER OiNTHB.
2 PACIFIC COAST
'3 T* i Best \. /Mining
T sfegraphic \S' News That
°\ service on /\ Is Accurate
o< The Coast / \&uptodau*
4 / \I %
cV Not a Line of it Sensational •
c« or Faky, and Not a Line of
J it Dry ox - Uninteresting.
©< Bright, Clean. A Champ' ad af
¦) Thoughtful. Truth.
<0 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPU
J ALL THE TIME..
,3 IT ADVOCATES I SENT BT
\ KOME '-• -. * MAIL, SI
O{ WOlSTJUESs I A YEAH.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. . " .
a v y Fight on for wealth, old "Money Bags." j
' ' 7 \ •** Xy <i^' V your liver is drying up and bowels wear-
X;4 \icr-jfiM4\ iTVi i i n I'h - \Y\i ( m % 0U^ somc a 7 you will cry aloud for
SMm iHi^nLrj^Mw WliM^L health, offering all your wealth, but you
\\s) R^ftf^^^ft"' T'V^f ' ' ' — I w^^ n0^ ** ecause y° u neglected Nature
m y° ur ma(^ r « s h to get gold. No matter
/SSir^Silw /^K7^^ what you do, or what ails you, to-day is
¦ *==$j B^w^Tf x* WfkA the &Y0V0. da^ is the da y— t0 kce P
l^phzX * %\'^h&^W watcn of Nature's wants — and help your
/1m£- \\\^^¥^O/ bowels act regularly — -CASCARETS will
V>w^^ VigflEl SC V KCw/ help Nature help you. Neglect means bile
\^^^^^^^/^^p^^/ in the blood, foul breath, and awful pains
'¦ e ac^ °^ the head with a loathing
5^S^ ( 3-^^k /I^S^^S 1 and bad feeling for all that is good in life,
~z£0z\ v^4'®/' n Tw ontt c^ re^°™ " c^ or poor you are ' you
~~X- I AvrnK' can ' t we^ 7 OU nave bowel trouble,
' \ fi) Nv"? *X i #i ' A\u-«L you will be 'regular if you tak& CASCA-
\ f\^^\ I \VP \ RETS-g^tthzmto-^y—CASCARETS-
J {-> n >v /a^sw / /% 3^^^ *" mcta^ box; small box i'JOc,^ whole month's
| \~* ~[*b> treatment 50q take one, cat it like candy and
I 11 I i-st it will work gently while- you sleep. . ; It
cures; that means it strengthens themus- ,
cular walls of the bowels and gives them new life; then they act regularly- and natural- »;
ly; that is what you want — it is guaranteed to be found in ; \
I J^^^^^ THE TONIC LAXATIVE . . ' .
LIVER TONIC • MW ~ f *gsff^^''^ ¦
8 B I j ft f on the Ktomach, bloaled bowel*, foul ' h || fi| ll H ll i ' E I" U «vc? Tl" «?Ulin b««. a
W I Ik month, headache, Indigestion, pimples, . %P VIII Hill 1 B khv year, greater than »ny
patns after eating, liver trcnble, oalloiv complexion similar medicine In the world. This U absolute proof of .
and dlzzlnefts. when your bovirelM don't move resra- arreat merit, and oar best ttfstldionlnl. We bare r«.ltl» and
larly you are gettinz sick. Constipation Kills more win sell cascabets ub.ointeiy «»*;»»*«** *f_*Se'^T ¦ '"
sntTerlns that come aftenvards. No matter what C She emntr box to iu by mall, *r tie draBlrt from ..,
alls yon, start talcing: CASCARETS to-day, for you whomTonnnrtkaied It, mid itet your money back for both
Will never get Well and. be well all UlO time until boxes. Take onr advice— no matter wkat nils Too— start to-
you put your bowcl» right. Take our advice; start day.-^^Heaith will « t tiici^ftnowMd^|o^mb^..tte^ay
with CASCABETS to-day, under an absolute ffuar- l^ T^-'^^n^GE^^^Cof^to^fcmlkS^>
antee to enr* or money refunded. *: «o: Address: .• hTEBLUie BLHWJX CO., nan »"»•»¦ MUUUTO> .-'-
11: you want; to
know where to;
90 this Summer
Whether to a mineral spring: resort,
_ where you can get the. benefit of medi-
cinal waters, or to a farm, where you
can enjoy the comfort and quiet home
life of the farmer, or to a picturesque
town, from which you can. In a short
walk or drive, commune with nature in
her valleys, foothills and mountain;
canyons, or to a cainp along the bank
of some shady stream., '
Call or write for
"VACATION 19O1"
This is a little book just issued by the
California Northwestern Railway Com-
pany/and is profusely illustrated^ It gives
camping locations, hotels and mineral
spring resorts in Marin, Sonoma, Mendo-
c!no and Lake counties. Besides, it con-
tains a list of about 200 farms and homes
where board during tha summer months
can be procured at from $5.00 to ?10 00 per
week.
\\
Ticket offices €50 Market street (Chroni-
cle building) and Tiburon Ferry. General
office, Mutual I-ife building, Sansosce and
California streets, San Francisco.
¦¦ , X. RYAN.
General' Passenger Agent
H. C. WHITING, General Manager.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND.
2%' Hours' Hide From Los "Angeles. Cal.
GR13ATKST ATTRACTIONS JN THE WEST.
Third Annual Rod and Eecl Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club."
Eighth Season of our Famous Marine Band. .
The Society Resort.. . ¦ . » \
¦ The Sportsman's Paradise. ¦-
HOTEL. METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLUB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP. LIFE. 1 ¦
For full information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements , for camping and Illustrated pam-
phl.t... apply, to g ; g c: pECK ; Agent ; ,
10 Montsomery St., San Francisco.
Or BANNING CO..
,' ¦•: . 222 South. Spring St.. Los. Angeles. Cal.
« I* Jl f\ f\ ft HOT SPRINGS, , SONOMA
V*T Zl/v/»-V Co-: onl y 4^ hours from
UA/ril/Vw San Francisco; but 9 miles
staging; waters noted for
medicinal virtues; best natural bath In State:
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, aaily
mail and express; first-class hotel and stage
service: morning and afternoon stages;- round
trip from S. F. only $5 50. Take Tiburon ferry
at 7 30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms, *2 a day or
$12 a week. References— Any guest of the past
"lx years." .Further Information at Traveler of-
fice. 2* Montgomery St., or of J. F. MUL-
GREW, Skaggs. Cal.
HOX SPRINGS.
¦ * " .
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets at
9 a. m. and 2:45 p. m. dally. For rates and
illustrated pamphlets address P. ROBERT-.
SON, Prcn. '
The Seaside Resort of Central California, on
Monterey Bay. Opens June 1st. Free booklet..
R. M. BRIARE.- Mgr. hotel. FRANK REA-
NIER. Supt. camp. Capltola, Cal. '
HOTEL GENEVA,
AND COTTAGES. .. f
SATTSALITO. Only 30 minutes from the city;
most beautiful location and marine \'iew: an
unexcelled summer and winter 1 - resort; table
and .ervlce of the be»t£ o GRAHAM . ,
Late of Hotel Mateo. Manager.
LAUREL DELL LAKE
H/f OST ATTRACTIVE PLACE IN LAKE
ItI County to spend a vacation. Boating,
bathing bowling-, tennis, livery, new walks
r nd boats. Write for circular. EDGAR DUR-
N AN. La*urel Dell. Lake Co.. Cal.- . -
WHITE KULPHU^ SPRINGS. .
2V4 hours' ride from S. F.: 6 miles from Val-
leja Sulphur baths; cure rheumatism, neural-
eia» eczema, kidney, liver, stomach diseases..
Hotel and Cottages renovated. Lake for boating
and bathing. Dancing Pavilion. %S to $10 a week.
Special rates families. M.MADRID. Vallejo, Cal.
SUMMER HOME FARM,
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS— FIRST-CLASS
family resort: main hotel and cottages;
hunting and nsntng: , artificial lake for boating
and swimming;" Jong-distance telephone: camp-
ers' return tickets, J2 5C-; open the year round.
Send for y^ a^ AESTER5 , Glenwood , Cal ,
Ye!" TOCALOMA. »&»
Bertrand Hotel; .first-class accommodations;
reasonable rates for families and parties: fish-:
ing bathlnj?: beautiful drives to Bear Valley,
etc JOSEPH F. BERTRAND, or Bulletin In-
formation Bureau. -233 Kearny st.. S. F.;
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
- Two miles f rom ¦ Hopland; best medicinal
waters in the State; fine hotel and first-class
table: rates $10 and $12: housekeeping cottages.
O. HOWELL. -¦ Hopland, Mendoclno , Co.. -Cal-
HOTEL BENVENUE.
On the shore of Clear Lake; home cooklns:
$7 per week and upwards. F. and A. M.
SCALES. Lakeport. Lake County, Cal.
THE OAK«. , '
ON ¦ ERANCIFORTE DRIVE— 30 minutes . to
beach: mail daily by carrier: private board--
ing.' Particlars Mrs. Czarina Smith. Sta. Cruz.
HO LFOR THE'GEYSERS.
' • via ¦ C. C. Foss' Stase Line from ¦ Calistoga.
The scenic route. • Livery in connection. C C.
FOSS, Proprietor, . Calist^^a, ; Cal. :
••¦•¦¦'.'; vichy sprtiNbs,
'¦ The only Dlace in the- United . States where
Vichy "Water is abundant. . The only natural
Electric „ Waters: - Champagne • Baths; Springs
Numerous: Baths Unequaled.. Three miles from
Uklah. J- A. REDEMEYER & CO..
f ¦ . -7" -. ;..;• Proprietors. '
PLANTATION HOXJSEi-^Eaghteen miles from
Cazadero,- on stage line. Good trout fishing,
plenty fruit,- cream, milk ; free conveyance for
parties -of .2 or-more;« grand redwood ; scenery.
Address J." Luttringer, Seavlew, Sonoma Co., or.
apply ' Mr." Kruse, 207 Front st., for . particulars.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.' !_ ;
Speeialists
SMen
iFXVJn V STRICTLY RELIA8LE.
Dr. Talcott & Go.
(Incorporated.) ~ N,
PRACTICE COkFINED TO
Olt ORDERS OF THE MALE.
2STOT A.
WEAKNESS
There is no such condition as weakness in a
rnan under' fifty years of age, other than gen-
eral debility. Frematureness, loss of vitality,
etc., are but symptoms of some damage to the
reproductive system caused by a contracted
disorder or early dissipation. In looking for the
location of this damage we generally find an
enlarged, swollen and inflamed prostate gland.
As this gland is the very center of the re-
productive system it can readily be understood
that inflammation of it must cause disordered
function. The cases are promptly benefited by
proper treatment, otherwise the patient I goes
from bad to worse. The essential point in all"
of them 13 the necessity of the cure of the focus
of the trouble, in the prostate. . Many men who
have unsuccessfully treated for a weakness
should now know the cause of failure. In our
experience there is no drug in the Phaima-
copea taken into the stomach, that -will even
benefit this class of cases. Our plan of treat-
ment Is entirely a local one, and prompt results
are obtained, as indicated by increased circu-
lation and return of natural vigor. Our colored
chart, which we mall on application, is inter-
esting to any one wishing "to study the anatomy
of the male.
Varicocele.
Varicocele is an enlargement of the most
vital blood vessels in man. In their normal
condition their function is to carry off waste
material,' thus enabling the organs to receive
fresh nutrition. Owing ¦ to the breaking down
of \he valves, caused by the paralysis of the
muscular coaf of the veins, they become dilated,
and local stagnation of- the blood follows. The
vital nerves, being deprived of their proper
quality and quantity of nourishment, weakness
is the result. Statistics prove that 25 per cent
of the male population are afflicted with vari-
cocele in some stage of the disease. • We guar-
antee- to cure varicocele In one week at. our
office, or four weeks of home treatment, with-
out the use of knife, caustic or ligature; We
.have cured over 2000 cases without a single
failure or unpleasant result. We invite cor-
respondence and the fullest investigation of our
method, and can refer to cured patients if
997 MARKET ST., Cor. 6th
visit DR. JORDAN'S great $
IUUSEUI OF fiHflTQSW
A Cfo iosiHAass3sr.t3j.6i67ai,s.p.cai. a
\ tS> The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
A World, weaknesses or any contracted A
V fiw52*l disease positively cured hy the oldest X
{$ JjfcJ §3 3 on the Coast Est. 36 years. ©
4 nz&ZJk CR * JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ wVkxi3a Consultation free and strictly prirate. \
A 9 Yfi*J r H Treatment personally or by Irttcr. A A
\ B if Si W ¦ Pot<t " re Cwn m every case undertaken. T
Ami- lien W«*W for Book. PBILONOPaY or A
V I I! " KtRRIACE, MAILED FREE. (A?
\ n /j, valuable book for mra) Y
7 DR. JOED AX A CO.. 1051 Market St.. 8. F. r,A.'B.; Smith Furniture Co., 132 Ellis. Sell
furniture, on easy payments. . •"¦..? •;¦:
Divorce Suits Filed.
'Suits for divorce. were filed yesterday by
Frances -A.-' tynch *.: against - Michael li;
Lynch I for desertion: Lottie A." Chaffer
against Thomas Chaffer for cruelty; Cas
sle'Kramer against Jacob Kramer for de
sertion; George A. Cook against Ella Cook
for cruelty, and Arthur Ladewig against
Andrlenne ¦ Ladewig > for. cruelty. ' -' •..-..:
Buicide ; of ; Despondent Waiter.
; Llnton ; Torrey, ; a . waiter,
committed suicide by- Inhaling)illuminat
ing ¦ gas ; In - his ' home yesterday.' V He E had
been : under . a physician's treatment for
sometime,". and'believing that- he' hadibut
two weeks more* to live determined . to cut
short -his; suffering. ¦ Hisiplans were care
fully prepared.- He'covered his 'face with
a hat, Jnto which he inserted a" gas tube,
and.then slowly. suffocated. v .* , ' .'
-Behind him Torrey left. a note to be"de
livered to the Pacific Coast Waiters'. Asso
ciation. ¦¦,- It; was as follows: ' - • "
'Dear /Uncle and;; Aunt: • Please pardon me
for this rash act,' but I could not live over two
weeks anyhow, and this will end my suffering.
Torrey purchased tickets for his uncle
and aunt, Mr. and Mrs. John H. Schrink
with whom he lives, that they might at
tend the launching of the battleship Ohio.
While they* were watching the: big, ship
glide < into the . water he accomplished his
designs/- Torrey was 26 years -old and un
married. • ''-• rt FSE8as3EB{Sta63f!S&<l2lSi8t
Klein T/aken to San Jose.
Louis Klein, one of the men arrested
last Monday, on suspicion of being a crook,
was taken to San Jose yesterday by Sher
iff Starbird, 1 as he is wanted there on a
charge of grand larceny for stealing a bi
cycle. Klein, while in the City Prison,
showed signs of insanity and Thursday
was sent to the insane ward in -the -Re
ceiving Hospital for examination. The
Sheriff determined to have him, sane or
insane. ¦ ¦¦ •< ,
"William Bergman, an employe of the
Western Meat Company,. died in the Ger
man Hospital- yesterday morning from
burns received by. falling , into a vat of
boiling tallow last Friday at Baden. He
leaves a wife and six children.
Pell Into Boiling Tallow.
-Hours of laboi are fixed for sheep, beef
and 'hog butchers, vaqueros, tripe men,
hide workers, sausage makers and all oth
er,branches of the trade: The communica
tion gently intimates- that it is. the desira
of.the .workmen, that these rules should
go into effect on June L .
The Amalgamated .. Meat Cutters and
Butchers' Workmen of. North America, af
filiated with the American Federation of
Labor and known as San - Francisco
Butcher Workers' Protective Union No
115, of which Ben Davis is president and
Herman May the secretary, has sent a
long communication • to the employing
butchers suggesting certain rules and reg
ulations to govern the trade. -
Butchers "Want Shorter Hours.
¦ Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists, 60c flask. . Richards & Co., 406 Clay.*
Men's. Suits to Suit.
j At the assignee sale of clothing you can
get yourself , to-morrow « from : the very
best selection - of men's suits, worth $18,
for $4 65 a suit. There will be on sale 1000
suits, the latest shades and all-wool.che
viots, in round or square cut, tailor made,
yet only $4 65 a suit . (to-morrow) at the
clothing assignee sale of the Boston, 773
Market street, near Fourth. P. C. Kelly,
Assignee.^ '"• •: • . ; •
An Industrial' of Unique Strength.
The organization of the Allls-Chalmers
Company,, one of the, latest industrial
combinations, was attended with circum
stances which make it in some particulars
unique in the business world. The, com
pany starts with a'cash capital of $10,000,-
QOO, of which sum $2,500,000 will be expend
ed in the.erection of an additional plant
to double the present capacity of the Allis
works." The valuation "of the several plants
included In the consolidation, taking into
account the real estate,.buildings, machin
ery, tools, patterns, drawings and patents,
together with the cost of organizing and
getting • Into full operation, Is placed by
Julian Kennedy, an expert engineer who
examined the properties, at $9,935,000. In
this estimate no allowance whatever is
made for good will. The total present
value of tangible property, therefore,, is
$19,935,000, while the total issue of pre
ferred stock against this property is only
$16,250,000. All of this stock, it is stated,
is issued for cash at par, or in lieu of cash,
for the plants at less than their valuation
as stated above. Of the total issue 'there
will be more than 61 per cent In cash and
the balance .will be in prbperty that pro 7
duces much more - than the cumulative
dividend.:to which-;the preferred stock is
entitled. The - companies taken. over by
the Allls-Chalmers. Company Include the
following builders of heavy engines, min
ing and other machinery: The Edward P.
Allis Company, of I Milwaukee, • Wis.;
Fraser & Chalmers, incorporated,!of Chi*
cago, 111.; the Gates Iron Works, of Chi
cago, 111., and the Dlckson Manufacturing
Company»of Scranton, Pa,, (exclusive * or
locomotive works)..:If allowance- is made
for the economies: expected from consoli
dation, it Is estimated,that the company
•should earn 7 per cent-on both classes of
stock in the fiscal year ending May 1, 1902.
The board of directors is composed as fol
lows: Edward D. Adams,*BlbertH. Gary,
William A. Read, James Stillman and Cor
nelius :Vanderbilt, of New York: William
L.' Elkins Jr., "of Philadelphia; Henry W.
Hoyt, W. J..Chalmer3, James H. Ejckles
and. Max Pam of Chicago,. and Charles
Allis, William W. Allis. Frank G. Bigelow
and Edwin. Reynolds • of i Milwaukee. . •_ ,
Music in the Park.
The Park Band will render the following
special 'programme this afternoon:
March, "Stars and Stripes Forever" ...... Sousa
"Jubel" overture • "Weber
Selection. "The Wizard of the Nile' '...Herbert
Patriotic song, "The Sword of- Bunker ¦
Hill" ." Colvert
"Great Fantasia on the National and Pa
triotic Songs of the Civilized Nations of
the World" ........Sousa
Overture, "William Tell" Rossini
Scene from "The Huguenots" Meyerbeer
(a) Song. "The Old Flag Forever"
Mrs. I/. France
(b) Patrol. "The Blue and the Gray"....Dalbey
Descriptive "Cavalry Charge" Luedera
"American march, introducing "Hail "to the
Chief," "See. the Conquering Hero
Comes" and "Cheer Boys. Cheer"... Brooks
FORTY HOURS' DEVOTION
AT HOLY CROSS CHURCH
Service Is One of Exceptional Inter
est and Includes Many Attractive
•Musical Peatures.
The forty hours' devotion at Holy Cross
Church, commencing to-day, will be one
of exceptional interest. The services be
gin at 11 o'clock this morning, when Rev.
J. McGinty will celebrate solemn high
mass. On Tuesday mass will be sung by
Rev. R. Sesnon of San Rafael. Father
Sesnon will also deliver the sermon.
Giorza's third mass will be rendered by
a choir composed of the following named:
Sopranos, Miss G. Frost and Miss J.
Cotte: altos. Miss B. Biglllian and Miss
L. Wilson; tenors, B. Barronda and A.
Mesmer; bassos, M. Perron and J. Bailley.
An offertory violin solo will be rendered
by H. Heiman. Gforza's solemn vespers
will be sung at 7:30 in the evening. "O
Cor Amoris" will be sung by Miss Frost
and Miss Wilson, and "O Salutaris" by
Mr. Brown and- Mr. Barronda. , .'
J. R. Freud, president of the Civil Ser
vice Commission, notified Commissioner
Manson of the Board of Public Works
yesterday that his commission would not
countenance the special examination to
which the board was subjecting the three
civil service eligibles for deputyships. In
the Bureau of Streets.. The three eligibles
are John Boyle. A. McCreery and .William
Reardon, and as there is but one position
to be filled each was given certain ques
tions of* a practical nature to answer, it
being the Intention "to give, the place to
the clerk giving the -best answers. When
the Civil Service Commission heard cf this
action a special meeting was held and
Freud was delegated to. convey the ob
jections of the commission to the Boaril of
Works. -- . • .- ' : ' :
I "To subject eligibles to a special exam
ination," said Freud, "is a reflection on
our commission. I desire to inform you
that if the Board of Works insists on giv
ing another test to men who have been
passed upon by the commission, we will
find it necessary to certify the name of
only one eligible • instead of three, as has
been the practice in the ¦ past. That will
necessitate . the appointment of Boyle."
- Manson saw the force of Freud's re
mark and agreed to return the papers of
the special examination to the three eligi
bles. Manson explained that there was no
intention to cast any . reflection on the
methods of the Civil Service Commission
in the issuance of its eligible list.- He said
there were only , three men in line for tho
position and the Board of Works desired
to ascertain on Its 6wn account which one
of the three was best fitted for the duties.
Must Not Subject 'Eligi
bles to a Second ;
Examination.
BOARD OF WORKS
IS REPRIMANDED
THE NEW ROANOKE, 808 Bush. Sev
eral families permanently,^, located, there
have vacated their elegantly .furnished
suites, with bath,' for the summer. - These
splendid apartments, with or without a
private dining-room, can be secured by
out-of-town parties upon their making im
mediate application. •
"DINK" WILSON TJNDEB
- ARREST IN NEW YORK
Desperate Crook Wlio Robbed. Neu
berger, Hslss & Co.'s . Store Is :
'¦''-. Again in Prison.
.The desperate crook who was arrested
in.NewYork last Friday and. who gave
his name as George Davis is no other than
"Dink" Wilson, the noted criminal who
operated in this city some years ago. Ac
companied by two crooks, who are known
' as C, F. Moore and Tom King, Wilson
broke^into Neuberger, Reiss & Co.'s store
at 5 o'clock in the morning and after se
lecting a number of bolts of silk valued
at several thousand dollars placed them
in an express wagon, which they had
hired for the occasion. They then drove
to'a r house on Bush street, above Stock
ton, where they were tracked by ex-Chief
Lees and several detectives and placed
under arrest. With the exception of
about two bolts, all the stolen silk was
found- in the house. Wilson managed -to
secure his freedom on straw bonds and
at once left the city. King and Moore
were convicted and sent to SanQuentin
for i three years each. „ Wilson": several
months later was picked up by the police
of New York and held pending the arrival
of an officer from this city: -^After" 1 being
brought back Wilson, who. is; considered
one of the cleverest crooks in the Coun
try, pleaded guilty to stealing; the* silk
and was sent to Folsom for five years by
ex -Judge Wallace. Since : his ,- release,
about four years ago, he has been in tho
East, frequently being arrested for vari
ous crimes, but always managing to es
caDe: conviction. • ¦¦¦
Captain of Detectives Seymour has fur-;
nished the New. York police with the local
reccrd of Wilson, together with the names
of the men who assisted him in robbing
the store of Neuberger, Reiss & Co.
Everything in local labor circles now
depends upon the action to be taken by
the members of the unions affiliated with
the iron Trades Council. That there will
be a walk-out of machinists to-morrow
is an undisputed fact, but the number of
men that will be affected thereby is yet
unknown.
A lengthy memorial emanating from
the San Francisco Labor Council: has
been presented to President McKinley.
It ascribes tho present differences be
tween employers and employes to the
possibility of Congress not taking ¦ any
action in reference to the further con
tinuance of the exclusion laws now in
force. The policy of territorial expansion
is combat ted and the. request is made
that with the acquisition of outlying
lands, the doctrine' of exclusion be en
forced. ¦ . ' ¦ ¦ -
Tho Labor Council has also issued a
second statement relating to the proposed
arbitration scheme. While it 'admits in
this statement that the labor millenium
has not yet arrived, it says that through
conciliatory measures and. general dis
cussions much ', may be accomplished. The
plan of the proposed convention is thus
explained: . ' • •: . ; • . : [¦
The Labor Council at Its meeting F.riday
night instructed the executive committee to
call a convention composed of two members
from each affiliated union 'and invite mer
chants, manufacturers and other publicj-splrlted
citizens to come and discuss ! matters now In
dispute. ,The committee was. also Instructed. to
interest some leading citizen, to issue the call
and open the convention. The scope of the con
vention is not to settle existing labor disputes,
but to bring about a .better, understanding ba
tween employer and employe. The incentive to
the calling of this convention was . given bj
the recent convention held at New York, where
leading business men, prominent divines and
representatives of < organized' labor met and
brought employer and , employe nearer .to
gether. • : ' . ' ' -
A number of men prominent in •. social,
political and religious life have been sug
gested, but none seems 'willing 'to 'follow
the action taken in New .York. .
Boiler-Makers'. Helpers' Demands.
The executive of j the , Boiler
makers' and Iron Shipbuilders' | Helpers'
Union, a part of the iron building' trades!
has submitted the following schedule ! of
proposed wages in sympathy with the'ac
tion taken by the machinists, from; whom
they receive their support: - < . ¦ '
Inexperienced men ¦ shall receive the sum ' of
?2 per day. . ¦ ../¦'.
Experienced men ', shall receive the . sum of
$2 25 per day. • „• ¦ » 5 . - - r ¦ i
Helper going on as holder-on shall receive the
rum of J2 50 per day. : .,¦.,¦. t
Helper on flange fire to receive the sum of
?2 50 i>er day. — - -' .-- --¦•¦- — j
Nine hours shall constitute a day's work on
the inside. .. -» - . •
Eight hours shall constitute a day's work" on
the outside. ¦ .-¦•.• . . •
All overtime .shall be paid at . the rate ¦ of
double time on outside Jobs and on inside work
at the rate of time and a half. ..... "
At the meeting df the union to be held
next Wednesday night it is expected an
swers to these demands will be received.
As this class of workingmen: depend on
the machinists as helpers, -they;.will-prob
ably follow whatever : 'action they may
take. . . -. ¦,: ;.--..v;.-.--;
Demands of Working Butch
ers Are Presented to
Employers.
PROPOSES PLAN
0F ARBITRATI0N
Labor Council Seeks Man
to Conciliate the
Factions. .
Amid cheer for, the local aerie and In
acknowledgment of-the hospitable man
ner in which they were received and en
tertained in this city, the delegates to the
Grand Aerie, Fraternal Order of .Eagles,
brought its session to a close last night.
The election of officers and the selection
of the city in which to hold the next
Grand Aerie occasioned many keen fights
arid the session was prolonged until the
early hours of the morning. A few sur
prises resulted from the election.
In the contest for grand worthy presi
dent Dr.- J. B. Schwatka was expected to
carry off the honor, but the friends of Del
Cary, Smith of .Spokane, Wash;, rallied
around ' his standard, at the last moment
and succeeded in winning the fight. Al
though the selection of . Smith was a sur
prise, Dr. Schwatka took his \ defeat In
good. grace and moved that the choice be
made unanimous. His motion waa car-,
rled with acclamation. Almost immedi
ately afterward Dr. Schwatka was elected
grand • worthy vice • president without a
dissenting vote. ¦ -' ¦¦¦¦¦:¦
, Other I officers j were chosen as ; follows:
>' Grand worthy Judged advocate, Alexander S.
Fowler, Bait Lake ; grand worthy ¦ secretary, ¦ A.
E. Partridge, 'Seattle; grand worthy treasurer,
Ed L. Head, San Francisco;, grand worthy
chaplain, Maurice E. Elsenbere, Butte, Mont.;
"grand conductor, ] James V. i Cheetham, San
Francisco; grand Inside guardian,' Edward
Krause, 'Wilmington, Del. ; guardian, P.
O'Keefe, Dallas, Tex. Grand trustees— Senator
P. -D. Trainer, New York; C. I. Flynn, Baker
City. Or.; Thomas F. Flynn, Paterson, N. J.;
N. P. Justl, Fresno; Dr. J. J. Schlewlg, Sioux
City, la. .
Four cities . entered the contest -for the
honor of entertaining the. next, Grand
Aerie. A spirited fight took place, during
which delegates expounded the attractive
features of Denver, Minneapolis, : Atlantic
City and Dallas. .
'The vote resulted in the choice of Min
neapolis. , ¦- -i . .¦ ¦
• To-day as a conclusion to the week s
work: a grand picnic ' will be held at
Schuetzen Park. Boats will leave the, foot
of Market stret at 10 a, m., 11:30 a. m. and
1 p.' m. • ¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦¦'
Election of Grand- Ofacers
Results in Several
Surprises.
GRAND AERIE
ENDS SESSION
Amid Cheers the Eagles
Complete Their
Labors.
MISSION LODGE
FREED OF DEBT
Celebrates Happy Con
dition By Burning
Mortgage. ¦•'¦
cation.
Largest Lodge West of Chi
cago Holds a Jollifi-
Mission Masonio Lodse, numerically, the
largest weat of CJiicago, had v a jollifica
tion In Mission Masonic Hall last night
in celebration of the clearing: up of all Its
Indebtedness. It was a banquet served to
370 of the 580 members and four specially
invited guests. * Palmer Cox, author of
"TJhe Brownies," who is a past master of
the fodgp,* was among those who sat at
the festaf>fc>sg:d. The banquet was served
in the loclgerdbra. and the menu was a
model of original wit.
. After the supper and'Xlgrars, Past Mas
ter James A. VHson, toastmaster, read a
witty burial service of the mortgage,
which was then consigned to the flames
by "Chief Burner" H. C. Somers, presi
dent of the board of directors of the Hall
Association. J. "W. Keyston gave- a his
torical review of the work of the board,
which showed that . the lodge was insti
tuted in September, 1863; that in April,
1897, the corner-stone of the Mission Ma
sonic Temple was laid, at which time a
mortgage of $16,000 was placed on the
property; that the building was dedicated
in December,. 1897, and the debt canceled
last February.
J. --P. '. Hogdon, vice president of the
board, responded to "Our Co-laborers,"
and then there were short addresses by
H. C. Bunker, the secretary; Andrew
Christensen, Charles F. Libby, worshipful
master of the lodge, and I. J. Truman.
During, the evening there were vocal se
lections by a quartet composed of Robert
Burner, Alexander Mennie, E. C. Boysen
and :Alf red Wilkie: solos by C; H. Van
Orden, Alfred Wilkie, E. C. Boysen and
J. 'R, Jones, and a duet, "The Larboard
Watch," by Messrs. Wilkie and Mennie.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 19, 1901.
24
HONEST WINES
UNDER AN
¦HONEST- LABEL
Gold Medal Bruuels 1898. Gold Medal Paris 1900.
:GLA-R"ET.,X''..V.
ISMiiliiE
' ; The Chateau Lafitte of America.
Sold at all First- Class Hotels, Clubs and
Restaurants. Ask for them.
VINEYARD CUPERTINO
, Sanja Clara County, Cal.
Office-6.2-614 Geary Street; S. F., Cal.
' P. KLEIN. Proprietor.
FOUR 5PEGIAL
2500 YARDS F AM CY
TAFFETA SILKS, in
;^Mp^ ]^ polka dots, openwork,
MA%k, stripes, warp print ef-
C-F %& ' fects, with satin checks
Y «rd and braided effects?
a reaular value $1.25
[and $150 uard.
f 25* PIECES EXTRA
6Ef >^ QUALITY TAFFETA
S^l^ J SILK, 21 inches wide,
%^F %& ' in checks and stripes?
Yard. ' good value for $1*00
, iij-i liard.
" Wmi: f 20 PIECES BLACK
SILK AND WOOL FIG-
***** aa U R ED POPLIN, aood
I IS I variety of small and '
ffTO 1 » -medium desiansj en-
.^K M . W tirelu new fabric fo?
Yard. summer wear, 1 width
of aoods4O inches? rea-
.ular value $li50 uardi
: ' 18 PIECES STRIPED
CHEVIOTS, for tailor-
aa made suits f 54 inches
€Si I Si I in width ' These ape
ff% 1 u. ¦ new aoods, dark, mixed
¦"V 1 *.. color effects, witlj .
Yard. small hairline stripes
in assorted colors, 1 aood
value for $1.50 oard.
See, Our Window Display of Above Goods.
111, 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET,
ADVEBTISEMENTS. _______
After all thesj festivities we should have a Blue Monday.
We're just going to turn that right arouid and make it.
one of the greatest Mondays that's ever existed in our
Biz Hcuss.* See all those rat y sui's illustrated on the
sidj, and they represent every novelty of the season.
Ycur pick cf any of 'em Monday at
One %L CIS One
Fifty JPLJU F^ty
i IS
l^^a^ Suits -
I \ »^#^^^^ > Sailors in Scotches — Brrght,
I-JJ^^^^^ J i-i^ij hands om s effects; values up
X \ <<^%>§^ ¦ * Among em some ci
I WMrvB&i e § re2r^ sn eifects, among 'em
1 JtP^tPw handsomely trimmed, hand-
C» \iw * scmely m:dj t to fit chaps
1 m[ rM\ betw en the ages of 3 and 10
1 W \/wb \ years. Monday at
In blue, just as you see 'em Uy^^^^pl
pictured, with the Knicker- O i° ° Wf
bocker breeches, for little pjf- | xW/f
chaps between the ages of 2| \fei^ \p^f^ / '
and 6 years. Just as you see vlvn^T illx f
in picture here, Monday, |&|
%*S The
/*\ 1 I \i A. \ * j
¦&iyfi\\^}i/f A Iot oi s mart \ little -manlyi
filf \ \fhW suits, wi^h pretty little vest, in
iff I f\ W blues, o fit chacs between the
I / \\ i* ages of 3 and 8 ; vest Iiks
l|i papa^s ; jacket madz 'he samj ;
fl| fei pretty and jaunty. Monday at
Smart t «^S>
School . ' % t3T. . -
Suits - • ;
Some awfully swell school |f*Jrte3 ¦ - ;
suits for chaps, pretty spring r ©l^fe'fc^P'S
colorings, to fit boys between
the ages of 8 and 16 years, | loi\L_|pjj^^
made as pxtured opposite; Gl|-tt3
jaunty, fashionab'e, smartly V, %^^%
tailored. Your pick Monday \r~W\%\
J Monday will only be blue for I J?V /i|
J Competitors in our line. J <«^^^ " i€& *
jr£j~'' i?T * — i^^y \ ri i37 AND
#rM€©i^»aATE& Uhioh Sqjjaqe Ave.
Send Cop Cur New Catalogue,
Full of Interesting Features About High-Class Summer Goods.
Bargain Sale Week in 1
GLOVES
- ' For Ladies. Men, m
Misses and Boys. |
S? SPECIAL NOTE: A snap for all if
, who Investigate this SPECIAL, g
.SALE. ¦¦ m
When Moss' Glove Store ad ver- B
-tises bargrains you are sure of what M
you. buy, as we carry only the most H
reliable goods.: f-j
48c I
MISSES' KID GLOVES. In g
. Browns : and Tans. Broken Lines, fi
Formerly Bold at Elghtly-flve B
Cents. ' • ' . ffl
5pc' I
LADIES' AND ' BOYS' CASTOR ffl
AND DOGSKIN GAUNTLETS for ffl
Bicycling or "Driving. Regrular B
selling price Ninety Cents. y
5Oc i I
MEN'S DOGSKIN AND CALF- H
SKIN WORKING. DRIVING AND B
GRIPPING fi GLOVES. Strongly ||
sewed. Extra Quality skins. , # fj
--:",,-¦ -¦¦¦:¦:.:¦' <S '-4 C '. . ' §
LADIES'. -TWO-CLASP KID |
GLOVES, in- Black, Red and |
- Brown; • all sizes, . Regular value n
One Dollar. *jf ¦ ||
'. g^,iv-,65ci ' ¦¦ ¦ m
LADIES' TWO-CLASP WASH H
CHAMOIS, In White, Buff, Pearl, M
- Gray and Mode. An excellent H
glove for shopping or country wear. H
74c I
LADIES' TWO-CLASP EXTRA 8
QUALITY REAL KID GLOVES, |
in Black, White, Mode, Tan, Brown ¦
and Red. Specially recommended ¦
for fit, wear and finish. Eg
MOSS' GLOVE STORE I
1210 MARKET STREET, |
Between Taylor , and Jones. 9
Special attention to mall orders. S
Tailor-made Suits,
,New Dress Skirts,
New Shirt Waists,
Jfci To ihssa wh°
-£%$£ com8 *° a n
Francisco dur-
Inj the Presl-
f) >ani dentla! visit wa
// /cJk vlsablllty of ex-
fl f^\ amlnlngthsvery
qr / I " ne a3soriment
\ I I of above goads
V I I we now show.
y \ REMEMBER,
yA \ we ari exda-
Sw\. y^S^ sIve 'y dealers
Xl_W^^^ In black goods,
j>-^— »*^^ an( j o ff er by far
the best assortment In San Francisco.
THE BLACK600DS HOUSE
1106 Market Street.
TELEPHOHB SOUTH 472.
R. T. KENNEDY GOMPW.
i^ — —
The J. Xoonan Fnrnltore Co. (Inc.) (
: HAT RACKS :
{ la Oak. Mahogany or Cherry. French Berel
. Plato Mirrors. All Prices. All Styles.
1 ' "We furnish ycur house complete, from
i the front hall to the kitchen. Every lir.agr-
1 inable article you can possib y use or need
) In House Furnishings, and all at rock-bot-
\ torn prices. Don't think you pay any more
Y because we give you all the time you want.
\ Not so' We pay no rent, so you get th»
( benefit of this great saving. A penny saved
) is twopence earned, you knov:. Call and \
TTtTSBT«FUWTUiECOMPAIIYJ
\ . ilncorporated), "i
\ 10 1 7- 1023 Mission Street <
} Above Sixth. San Francisco.;'
\ We close at 6 p. m. every <3ay but I Saturday. \
DR.MQNULTY.
T«HIS Vv^lL-K^OTV^T AND BRLIABLB OLD
¦.I SpecIallstsure*Blood Poison, Gonorrhcaa.Gleet,
"stricture, s.->miiial Weakness. Impotence and their
allied Disorders. Hook on Diseases of Men. free.
Overa>yeiir!«'«»:cper i ence.T«»rm*rea«viable. Hocr».
9 to3daily;6:30 to 3. 30ev'gs.. Sundays, 10 to 13. Consul-
tation freeandsacredlyconndentlal. Call or adlresj
P. KO8COE aicXULTY, 3I.D.
30 M Iiearny St.. ban Francisco. CaJ-
HP! fia. vPsa / To attaJn thl3 Wsh standard of ex- Vs j^^^P \
LvMKfiniSw ' hero nothingVbut ; the. nobbiest ;stylea. ' | f| Iffiiiw^ VContinued on Page T-.rcrity-six.
PRESIDENT McKINLEY has
been, royally received in many
places and in. many ways, but
he has never been given such
a genuine, heartfelt welcome
as that which greeted him at the Union
Iron Works yesterday morning as he
stepped from the Sloeum onto the
wharf. , %
The tug came down the bay with all
her flags flying, the cheers from passing
vessels being drowned in the thunder
ous salute belching from the warships
lying off the works, and drew up at
the wharf at the foot of the drydock of
the shipyard. Down the center of the
drydock had been run a planked way,
clean and canvas covered, and at the
further end the workmen had been gath
ered with their ladies in a crowd of four
or five thousand. - The President was
met on the wharf "by a committee from
the workmen, and, escorted by the com
mitteemen, the President. Irving Scott,
Henry T. Scott, the members of the
Presidential party and their ladies and
a number of invited guests walked down
the length of the drydock to the wharf
at the further end. .'-¦
/. It was while standing at the edee of
tlie wharf and looking down into the
drydock that the presentation of the
workmen's Votivenic.piatG was -. made.
CHEERING LONG CONTINUED.
The plate was an . invitation to the
launch of the Ohio. , It was made of
solid gold and was beautifully. engraved
with the arms of California and Ohio,
and a picture of the Ohio as she will ap
pear when completed, represented as
going through the Golden Gate toward
the setting sun. A fanciful border
completed the design and served as .a
frame for the words bidding the Presi
dent to the christening of the michty
battleship. .The. idea of presenting the
plate came from the men. and the de
sign it bore was the work of the
draughtsmen of the yards. y'',^\ :>
The cheering began almost as soon
as the Sloeum hove in sight, and it did
not cease until the President raised his
hand for silence as John Fitzpatrick.
head machinist, stepped forward to
make the presentation. Around him
were grouped the heads of the thirty
two departments of the Iron Works,
the thousands of men who work under
them and their wives and sweethearts
and daughters. With him were also
the members "of his own party, the
members of the Ohio party, distin
guished men of the city and State and
a swarm of camera men bent on getting:
In presenting the plate Fitzpatrick re
viewed the history of the Union 1 Iron
Works and its achievements. He com
plimented the heads of the company
and referring back to the work of the
yard he took the Ohio as his subiect
and told briefly of the events of her con
struction. He and the men who had
worked so long and faithfully on her
were anxious only that she should
prove the equal in every respect of the
others that have gone down the ways of
the Union s Iron Works before her. In
conclusion he said:
"We have prepared thl3 souvenir as a
testimonial of regard and a tribute to
our guest, the head of the nation. Bor
dered by oak leaves, emblems of
strength, emblazoned by the anna of
two great States, surmounted by th»
bird of . freedom and picturing 1 , what
we hope will prove prophetic of th«
event, the Ohio in the Golden Gate.
Mined in our hills, fashioned and de
signed by California brain and hands,
to make it more typically Calif ornian
we have placed in it the quartz, the
mother of gold. May It imprison th«
rays of the sun that, in the time to \
come, the captured ray may illuminate
your memory and remind you of this
glad event.
MORE CHEERS FOR; McKINLEY.
There was great cheering when Fitz
patrick handed the gold plate to the
President, and there was more when the
President turned to the men to speak
to them, and there was still more as he
proceeded, for he touched vthe heart
strings of his listeners and moved them
with a story of patriotism and of well
earned glory. He referred to the CaK
fornia Volunteers as the first to go out
into the Philippines and amonjj the last
to come back. He told of his knowl
edge of their service and their work
and his appreciation of it. He spoke,
too, of the Oregon and her wild race to
be in time for the fight; of the days
of anxious waiting as she drove alonir
through wini and wave, alone and fear
less, and then of the weight-lifted from
the hearts of those who had been watch
ing for her when he received^ the jjal
lant Clarke's telegram saying,' "We are
here and ready."
There was wild enthusiasm amonar
the workmen when the race of the Ore
gon was brought back to them by the
President's words. She was ready to
fight, and ready, too, after a heart
breaking run of 15,000 miles. Many of
the men who listened to the President
had worked on the creat steel hull of
the stanch old vessel, and they love her
as their own child. The tears came to
their eyes and their iips trembled as
they cheered, and the members of the
President's party joined them in their
emotion, for McKinlcy was speaking as
he had not spoken at any place on his
tour. And then when he declared that
the glorious record of the srrand- old
battleship was due. to the men who put
their best skill and labor into her plates
and engines, their enthusiasm knew no
bounds.
McKIlTLEY SPEAKS ELOQUENTLY
j The President spoke as follows:
My Fellow-Citizens: I am inexpress
ibly-thankful to the Ruler of us all
for his goodness and his mercy which
have made it possible for ma to be ¦
with you here to-day. I wanted to
s*e the men of the Union Iron Works. .
I . have known of their , skill; I have
seen , their ¦ genius .; displayed in their
workmanship. I have observed what
your spokesman has. so well said. that. -
suffering: under the disadvantages of
He Arouses the Wildest Enthusiasm
by His References to the Grand
Old Oregon and the Volunteers
Workmen Warmly Weleome MeKinley
as He Steps From the Sloeum to
the Wharf of the Iron Works
No one was allowed near the vessel in
those last supreme moments. A hitch.
a blunder, an ovcrzealous workman,
might have* ruined it all and left the
magnificent structure hung uncertainly
on her blocks, unable to move seaward
or shoreward, and toppling on the nar
row bed on which she rested. But no
one made a "mistake. With the precision'
THE LAST MOMENTS.
Suddenly the clink of hammer on
steel resounded from below the big hull
and from every side. The word had
been given to get ready and the men
were knocking away every second block
upon which she had been resting so as
to ease her down upon the cradle that
was to carry her down the ways. With
maul and wedge they hacked and tore
at the heavy blocks and shredded them
out from under the weight that was
pressing upon them, and painters fol
lowed the men with hammers and
daubed the flaming red that already
covered her plates over the places
where the blocks Had held her. And as
she settled down into the- cradle -the,
timbers creaked and squealed, and the
grease that smeared the ways oozed out
in long strings and spattered over the
wharf. «
The shipyard was in silence. Nune
of the shops were running and there
was nothing to take the attention of the
hundred men who, under James Dickie,
the master shipcarpentcr. were to start
the vessel seaward.
army, gayly gowned women ana de
lighted children. The stand was draped
in the colors of the flag, and silken ban
ners fluttered from every corner and
along the railing. It was an hour and
a half before the launch that the crowd
assembled, and the people looked and
questioned and wondered and patted the
steel prow of the huge vessel and watch
ed the rising of the tide.
Without a Hiteh and Right on Time
the Big Battleship Slips Into the
Water Amid Riotous Welcome
Whistles and Guns and Cheers Give
Greeting as ,She Takes Her First
Plunge Into Her Native Element
ONE more flag floats free
and fair in the ocean
breezes; one more ship
breasts the waves for the
honor and glory of the
country that gave her birth: one more
champion of steel has leaped into the
arms of the sea and has joined the pack
that flies the stars and stripes. Steady
as an island fortress the Ohio rides the
waters of the bay, and the air still trem
bles with the riot of her welcome.
Like a hound slipped from the leash
she started from her bed. and down the
ways like the wind she swept, impatient
of resistance, heedless of the great
chains that clung to her and tried to stay
her progress, seeking only the cool em
brace of the waves that have waited for
her so long. For months they have been
lapping at her feet, whispering to her.
caressitfg her, gurgling her name as
they chased each other shoreward and
calling her to come, and when as th'cv
reached higher and higher and stretched
their arms to her she felt the snapping
of her bonds, the ringing cheer, the
spiash of the wine and the blare of the
nation's anthem, and with the erace of
a swan, for all her tons of metal, she
glided swiftly and silently as fate out
into the water. The spray spouted from
•ji]der..J]£r. counters jirenching, her deck
and kissing the brilliant bars of her
ilag; ahead of her a lvujie white-capped
roller, like a herald 011 before, told of
her coming, and back from her bows
the chains that bridled her writhed and
tvisted and groaned under the strain of
her flight. And then she paused and
halted and Jay framed in the unsichtlv
rafters that had roofed her over, a
thing of gaudy red that glistened in the
sunshine.
All AUSPICIOUS DEBUT.
With the head of the nation at her
bows, the pick of the East and the
West standing f.ndcr her beak of steel
and following her with their eves and
their hearts: with a thousand vessels
on sea and thirty thousand people on
shore, and three of her sisters waiting
for her and wreathing themselves in the
smoke of their nmiblins: aims: with her
bows bathed in the choicest wine and
her name Ircnibling on the lips of one
who had crossed the continent to sav it:
with her flag* fluttering in the wind
that played around her and the swing
and sweep of the country's own clorious
ant;ie:n thrilling the air. the Ohio en
tered history, ushered bv all that augurs
success and fame and honor.
As she rests in the water now the
Ohio weighs 4800 tons, a pretty weight
to shift from shore to sea in half a min
ute and stili harm no plate or stanchion.
It required weeks of care and months
of planning, for such a weight has
never slipped from the wavs of a West
ern shipyard, and with the presence of
tie nation's highest to watch her leave
the cradle where she has been slccpintr.
it made an event that will not soon be
equaled.
A stand for spectators had been built
it the shore end of the ways, and reach
ing over this was the keen prow of the
resscL It was . smooth and wicked
looking and reinforced bv rank on rank
of ftccl until it brought all' the tremen
dous weight of the vessel dowr. to itself,
ready for the death blow that time and
opportunity may bring to it. Just un
6'. r the beak was the launching guillo
tine, a little sliding ax with razor edce.
that was to cut a cord and free the mass
of steel. And grouped around it were
t?i<; men who have been making history
fur the past three years.
H'KIUXEY COMES EAULY.
President McKinley was the central
figure on the launching platform. He
came early from the reception he had v
been given by th& workmen of the Iron
Works and mingled with the crowd that
was waiting for the tide to rise and
claim its own. With him were Secretary
1 1 ay. Secretary Long, Secretary Hitch
cock, Secretary Wilson, Mr. Cortclyou,
Governor Gage. Governor Nash, for
eign Consuls, State officials. General .
Shifter, Admiral Casey, officers of the
navy in full dress uniform, officers of the
LEAPING FROM HER REST LIKE A THING OF
LIFE THE OHIO SPEEDS DOWN THE WAYS
AND INTO THE ARMS OF THE WAITING SEA
Continued on Page Twenty-eight.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MAY 19, 1901.
THE OHIO AS SHE SLIPPED DOWN THE WAYS A^
Pages 25to 3d
Pages 25 to 36Gorgeous Pageant of Deeorated Craft Covers
the Broad Bay of San Franeisep Laclen With
Jolly Passengers |i^^^^^o^in||j!^i||^|
IMMENSE FLOTILLA CARRIES EXCURSIONISTS
AND DISTINGUISHED GUESTS TO LAUNCHING
THE SA^QiiKAff CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 19, 1901.
and giving nearby craft dangerous lists in
the direction of the Slocum.
A line stretched on piles across the cove
into which vessels slide from the wavs of
the Union Iron Works kept the craft from
impinging on the space reserved for the
baptism of the great hulk resting on its
cradle. The police patrol launch Nor
wood puffed around Inside the inclosure
nnd kept the smaller launches and ro'w
boats from creeping under the ropes Into
dangerous territory.
A Remarkable Spectacle.
Steamers, launches and tugs jostled
each other for positions hn the front rdnk
ur.til a isolfd front. was presented to the
view of spectators on the shore. Back of
were many rows of larger craft,
from whose higher decks passengers
could see over the heads of those aboard
the smaller vessel and' obtain a view of
the red hulk of tho Ohio. '
¦The shore and Poti.«ero hills presented a
remarkable : spectre from the bay.
Masses of people. TJackened hillsides and
housetops far bacfc,'until effort' at compu
tation of their nu-jnber became the veriest
speculation. _ '
The bay ha3 "never seen such a flotilla
gathered in such close anchorage. All the
available craft In the bay was there^ from
sreat ferryboats to tihy ."racing skiffs, and
all carried flags and bunting and their
passengers waved other flags and stream-
Suddenly "a shout arose, "There she
goes!" T\io great assemblage afloat'.' was
electriflerV " The watchers were not "ex
pecting to . see , the great ship - move ¦ for
some four minutes, and all were taken 1 by
SCENES AND INCIDENTS THAT MARKED THE PLUNGE OE> THE OHIO
INTO THE BAT AND PEOPLE WHO WATCHED THE "VESSEL AS
SHE SLID DOWN THE WAYS. . ' v * I , /' . i
surprise. Instantly everything else' was
forgotten, while each spectator sprang for
a place of vantage. 1 )': ¦.
Slides Into r the Water.
A chorus' of whistles, from deep bass. to
shrill soprano, arose almost as if ia obedi
ence', to a ; conductor's -, baton. ; : Cannon
boomed and. the excited cheers of the mul
titudes on shore and afloat '' swelled the
volume of noise until orie'could shout Into
a neighbor's ear and not be heard^.
The "great outburst' of enthusiasm ' lasted
for many; minutes after the : Ohio had
come to' the end of Its first little voyage
and lay immovable,- Its huge hull; unladen
with machinery and armament; -towering
high in the air. Then as" the \worklrigmen
aboard her began descending by ladders
over her, side into rdwboats: that had 'put
out to receive -them , the i flotilla; began : to
break up and the motley} crafts to make
their way back to their docks. \There was
plenty, of jostling and maneuvering before
the vessels got clear of each other.'-* ¦
The 4 President" was escorted abo*Srd t the
Slocum without ~- delay." " His " ; flagship
steamed' ; back : to . the transport wharf,
passing 'the \ warships and _'¦ threading - its
way between them/ while each . fired the
twenty-one guns of 'the 'Presidential sa
lute.".
Many Private Parties Go Down to the Launching
¦ in Pleasure Boats to View the Spectacle
of a Great Warship Taking Its Maiden Plunge^
The launching of the Ohio dre,w Into the
flotilla of pleasure boats all the available
craft of the bay. From huge ferry-boats
with' a carrying cap4city.*of 1000 or more
to tiny launches and still smaller row
boats, there were hundreds of craft jost
ling each other for choice positions In the
front ranks, and some of those that had
been advertised as certain to get where a
choice view' might be had of the launch
ing failed, to get nearer. than a long half
mile of the point of interest.
The Slocum; the proudest boat of all the
flotilla, for ' It was the President's flag
ship and the center of interest throughout
the occasion,' had aboard it probably the
most distinguished company that has ever
gathered -on the decks of any vessel on
the bay of San Francisco. In addition to
the President there were. the members of
the Cabinet and their, wives, Governor
Gage, Governor. Nash and Governor Geer,*
Mayor Phelan and the members of the ex
ecutive committee ; who - planned the fes
tivities of the week, which, unfortunately,
were cut short by the Illness of Mrs. Mc-
Kinley. .".. . ¦¦] , • : - v
- Congressmen on a- Tug.
: The steamer Resolute carried. the visit
ing , ; Congressmen and California's Con
gressional 1 delegation.. .The . .trip was a
complimentary, excursion . tendered by the
Risdpn Iron Works under the auspices of
the ;Ohlo ;Soclety. .. The start was made
from the "Jackson-street wharf a^ 10
o'clock, and : after an inspection < of the
.Risdori Iron Works the steamer proceeded
to • the scene of the. launching. 'After the
Ohio rested safely" in the water an excur-
sion about the bay was made, the United
States naval training school on Goat Isl
and being among the points of interest
visited.
. Jolly Crowd on Annie.
' The tug Annie ' carried a Jolly party,
guests of W. H. Healy and James A..MC-
Mahon. - Captain Tictiworth was in com
mand. A plentiful supply of refreshments
was aboard and guests aboard craft lying
near the Annie were invited on the
tag to share v the good things. On the re
turn the Annie had an excltlns race with
the tug Lottie, Captain Uxman, and won
after . a hair-raising finish that was wit
nessed by thousands of excursionists.
The General McDowell carried a load of
officers of the regular army and their
families and friends. The excursion was
arranged by Captain Plummer of Major
General Shatter's staff. BfB
• The San Pablo, the Ukiah. the Sausa
lito' and the Sunol each carried large
numbers of sightseers.
Quests on the Irwin.
' The Harbor Commissioners were aboard/
the Governor Irwin. Speaker C. W. Pen
dl<?ton, waiter. F* Parker and Hervey
Lindley were among the guests. The
Governor. • Markham -carried- Governor
Gage's staff and a number of guests.
Two large barges towed by stern-wheel
ers carried members of the Ohio Society
and i their friends. .:. Each had nearly 1000
persons • aboard. • •
The river steamer Modoc was reserved
for the use "of Southern Pacific officials
and their guests. There were 200 passen
gers.
.The Piper-Aden-Goodall Company gave
quite a number of their friends a very
pleasant view of the- launch from "the.
decks of the Sunol. The captain took the
steamer on the ««ter side of the warships,
giving the party an exceptionally good,
view of all the gayly decorated men-of
war and small craft in the lower bay. A
little before 12 o'clock he turned and took
a position off the iron works close to the
President's tug Slocum.
Had a Good View.
From this point all the guests had a flna ,
view of the launching, and were able to
be among the first to get away after the
battleship had left the ways. They then
steamed slowly up the bay among the re
turning fleet, giving the party a chance
to partake of light refreshments and lis
ten to the music from the stringed orches
tra on board.
The Society of Old Friends was aboard
the City of Dawson.
Captain Leale had some 200 guests
aboard the Caroline, among them being
Associate Justices McFarland and Ga
routte of the Supreme Court and many
members of the Press Club, and no ship's
load on the bay had a Jollier time than
they.
The Grace Barton was used by the Cos
mos Club. v> ,
One .of the jolllest crowds that saw the
lanch was that on board the rJVer
steamer City of Stockton, whlen r.ad been
secured by Stanford Parlor of.ihe Native
Sons of the Golden West. She carried
more than 500 persons and was brightly
decorated with flags, red. white and. blue
bunting and In front of the pilot-house
there was -an immense sign bearing the
name and number of the parlor. A biv.is
band on the forward deck played patri
otic music as vigorously as the musicians
could furnish the necessary amount «f -«
wind. - " ¦-»
THE broad bay of San Francisco
has seldom had afloat upon its
bosom so many gorgeously dec
orated craft carrying so many
i.bui hearted, expectant people
as on yesterday. Every vessel
available carried either excursionists or
private oartles and all paths led to the
Union Iron Works, from whose shipyard
the majestic Ohio was to make its bow
and slip unostentatiously into the waters
of the bay. .''• . ¦.;
From early morning the water front af
forded a scene of more than the usual
bustling activity and there was a holiday
appearance noticeable all along the
wharves. Excursion boats, side-wheelers
and stern-wheelers, river craft and bay
craft, tugs, yachts and launches came
out in all the glory of radiant flags, and
as they lay at anchor waiting for their
loads of pleasure seekers they were pro
phetic of a day which should not be
marred by disappointments, or ill winds,
or threatening skies. The ferry-boats were
crowded throughout the morning, each
with its load of people from, across the
bay hurrying 1 to catch excursion craft or
to Join friends with whom to witness the
launch from the shore.
McKinley Arrives at the Wharf.
Suddenly a shout arose and was taken
«p along the wharf, and men, women and
Children scampered toward the street as
the President's carriage came clattering
along over the cobble stones. The com
ing was so hurried and quiet and unex
pected that the distinguished guest was
inside the gates of the transport wharf
before a crowd of any considerable size
had time to collect.
President McKinley was received at the
entrance to the wharf by Colonel Long,
Captain Batchelder and Captain Barneson
of the transiwrt service.
A few moments later those along the
wharves and aboard the vessels lying
near were rewarded for their patience by
a sight of the President as he appeared
on the upper deck of the Slocum, bowing
to the members of the distinguished party
on board, and with Mayor Phelan at his
Fide.
Salvos of cheers arose from every side
and President McKinley acknowledged the
greetings with uncovered head, bowing re
peatedly • ia the direction of swarms of
cheerlcf humanity - massed on wharves
ers.
26PRESIDENT McKINLEY GREETS THE SOLDIERS
ON THE SHERIDAN ON HIS WAY TO LAUNCHING
Will hang it AmoNG
GOVERNORS' PORTRAITS
Painting of the Ohio to Have Honored
Place in Gubernatorial Office.
A MAGNIFICENT oil painting, of the battleship Ohio will
have a place among the portraits' of the Governors of the
Buckeye State hanging 1 in the office of the Chief Executive
of that commonwealth. Governor 17ash states in the letter in
which he accepts for his State the painting 1 of the war vessel pre
sented by W. S. I/eake, manager of The Call, that it will have a
place of honor in the State gallery, where it may be viewed by tha
people. In his letter Governor Hash says:
, PALACE HOTEL, SAX FRAI* CISCO, May 16, 19O1.
Mr. -W. S. Leake, Sun Francisco, Cal.— My Dear Mr. Leake: I
ani in receipt of your esteemed favor of the 15th inst., in which
yon commission me to take buck to the .people of Ohio, on behalf
of the San Francisco Call; a splendid painting of the battleship
Ohio! . ;
\ For them I lies to thank the proprietor ,. of your paper for
this souvenir of the launching of this battleship. It will be
placed in the Governor's office In the- Capitol at. Columbus, where
It will be preserved among-, the portraits of.the^Ohio Governors.
.The people of Ohio appreciate most ; highly the . great honor
conferred upon them by those in authority in permitting this de
fender of the nation to be christened with the name of their State.
They will forever love her, and if 'her officers and men are ever
put to the supreme test of battle, their hearts will be made brave
and their arms will be,. upheld by the earnest prayers of more
than four million patriotic. people. I wish, to .congratulate Mr.
Coulter, the -artist, on .his. skillful reproduction of- the Ohio.
With kind regards to you personally, I am, faithfully yours.
urer for $1610 ball money. He -vas held
to answer on the charge by Judge Oonian.
Two indictments had been previously filed
against him in Judge Lawlor's court by
the Grand Jury for forging the name of
Judge Mogan to orders on the Treasurer,
at the request of the' defendant's attorney
the Judge fixed the bonds on each case in
"J2500.
The train carrying the Vermonters and
their guests will leave this city at 9 a. m
and return at 5:30 p. m.
'. Sullivan's Forgeries.
A third charge of forgery was filed in
Judge Lawlor's court yesterday against
Daniel J. Sullivan for forging the name of
Judge Cabanisa to an order on the Treas
- ':K lo'-;-'-"V:':V:";;
Golden Gate Circle.
Golden Gate Circle of the Women of
AVoodcraft has arranged for an open
meeting in its hall in the Odd bellows'
building next Friday night for the pur
pose of entertaining the friends of mem
bers. A pleasing programme of varied
numbers of music. Instrumental and vocal
and literature has been prepared.
Vermonters' Picnic.
The annual picnic of the Native Sons of
Vermont will be given on Saturday, May
25, at Fernbrook Park, near Sunol. In the
past, and notably on "Dewey day," the
picnics of the Vermonters have been giv
en at some of the grounds In the Santa
Cruz mountains, but as they new wish" to
have their guests enjoy more hours at the
ward conning - tower is ten Inches thick
and that of the after or signal tower la
eix inches thick. A steel tube twelve
inches in diameter inside and seven Inches
In thickness extends from th'e forward
conning tower down to tho protected
deck and protects the voice tubes and tel
egraphs from the commanding officer to
the important stations in the vessel.
Carries Fourteen Boats.
The | Ohio carries fourteen boats, of
which one Is a 40-foot steam cutter and
another a 36-foot steam cutter of the us
ual navy type. Over each end of the boat
deck two small upper bridges are located,
on which is placed a portion of the sec
ondary battery. The boats are handled
by four cranes, all operated by steam, the
engines for this purpose being located on
the working ' platforms of the cranes.
Each crane can lift the heaviest boat that
it has to handle at the rate of forty feet
per minute, and can also be revolved Jby
its hoisting' engine at the rate of a revo
lution in one minute. .
.'Bilge keels to reduce rolling are fitted
to the vessel. .Experiments .hi recent years
in our own and foreign navies have dem
onstrated the great efficiency of these
keels in preventing excessive rolling. The
directly ahead, and 'the other two on the
upper deck directly asternMn addition to
having a broadside fire.
The secondary battery consists of six 3
inch rapid-firing guns, eight 6-pounder
rapid-firing guns, six 1-pounder rapid-fir
ing guns, two Colts and two 3-lnch rapid
firing-field guns.
'••A '.new feature.. introduced • In the of
fensive power of this ' ship is ¦-,¦ the sub
merged torpedo tube. While submerged
torpedo tubes are not new abroad, GeiS
man warships having been equipped with
them for a number of years/the Ohio and
her class are the first battleships of our
navy to be supplied with them, though
prior to her construction many vessels of
the United States navy were fitted with
torpedo j tubes above" the water line. The
Ohio will have two of .these tubes, one on
each side .of the vessel, situated .about
fifty feet from the bow and about ten
feet six inches below the water line..-"
The magazines and shellrooms of , the
ship can stow; 240 rounds of the 12-Inch
ammunition, 3200 rounds of the 6-inch am
munition, 9600 rounds of the 6-pounder and
4000 rounds of the 1-pounder. The for
ward magazines are * located ; immediately
forward of : the . dynamo rooms and the
after, ones just abaft Uhe engine' rooms. ~
. This painting will be seen by the people of the rugged old
Buckeye State of Ohio, and if the flag be threatened and this
¦teelclad defender meet an enemy's fleet in battle and survive or
perish In the shock, they will make pilgrimage to this, as to the
portrait of one of the -warrior sons of the State, and nurse their
patriotism upon the story of her achievements. Tours sincerely,
•. ~- W. S. LEAKE.
That you might take back to your distant people a slight re
minder of the ship you will launch, - it has been ' thought well
that yon carry back with yon this painting of the great ship
Ohio, which I take pleasure in presenting to you on behalf of the
San Francisco Call. It is the work: of our' marine artist, Mr. W.
A. Coulter. He was a sailor, and in that life of hardy adventure
-which he followed wherever on the globe there was Water
enough to float a ship and -wind enough to fill her sails, he ac
quired that knowledge of marine architecture and of rig, and of
the moods of wave and weather, which puts the charm into his
painting of ship and sea and sky.
Your State -was once a frontier. Where you are now is to be
always a frontier. Here the greatest continent and the great
est ocean meet. Man changes the condition of the land; tames
and tills it. He plants forests -where none grew before, and de
stroys those which nature planted; so that, as the ages roll by,
the primitive and natural Is displaced by the artificial. But not
¦o the ocean. Xo hand restrains Its tide. Its great currents flow
unchecked and the tempests rage themselves to exhaustion; and
man is helpless while they are abroad upon the waters. To those -
•who live by the sea and those never reached by Its ever-sound
ing voice, its mystery and romance are everlasting.
California has keenly enjoyed the presence of Ohio's Presi
dent of the United States, her Governor and her Congressmen,
and the representatives of her press, to attend the launching of
a great ship.
Hon. Georgre K. Xasli. Governor of Ohio, Palace Hotel. San
Francisco, Cal. — Bear Sir: The building: of the new United States
navy began In San Francisco vritli the construction of the
Charleston. Here rras built the Oregon, the bent ship up to her
time that wa«,ever wedded to the -waters. We believe that 'the
lengthening: list of ships of the line, produced by the skill of our
mechanics, lias now had added to It the ranking war craft of the
world in the battleship Ohio. We know the State for which she
is named. Can Its «(orj- ever fade from historyf From its rural
homes Cadets Grant and Sheridan -went to West Point on their
road to an unexcelled f&nie, and. by Ohio fircsldeti, trained by
srood Duckeye mothers, five Presidents of this republic -were pre
pared for the most exalted station in the -world.
The souvenir is an oil painting of the battleship by W. A.
Coulter, The Call's marine artist. The following letter accompanied
the painting, which was sent to Governor Nash:
SAX FRANCISCO. May 15, 1001.
A SPLENDID souvenir of the launching of the great battle
ship Ohio has been presented by W. {3. Leake, manager of
The Call, to the State after which the vessel was named.
Manager of Call Sends to Governor Nash
a Souvenir for Buckeye State.
PRESENTS OHIO WITH
BATTLESHIP PAINTING
DESCRIPTION
OF THE LATEST
NAVAL TERROR
Ohio Will Be One of the
Most Formidable En
gines of Destruction
in ths World's Navies
THE Ohio is a sister ship of, the
Maine, now building at the works
of the William Cramo & Sons
Ship and Engine Building Com
pany, and of the Missouri, build
ing at the yard of the Newport
News Ship Building and Dry Dock Com
pany.
The hull, whichis divided like those of
the most recent battleships,- la built of
steel and is unsheathed. It Is SS8 feet long
on the load-water line, 72 feet 2%' inches
extreme breadth and, at a meaTv draft of
23 feet 6 Inches, displaces 12,230 tons.
The hull is protected abreast of the boil
ers and engines by a side arnior'belt ex
tending. 3 feet 6 inches above the load
water line and 4. feet below it, ..avinz a
thickness of 11 inches for a depth of 4 feet
6 inches, tapering to t*£ inches at the bot
tom of the belt, and by the casemate
armor C inches thick, which extends from
the side belt to the upper deck and Us
worked from the center of the forward to 1
the center o* the after barbette. At the
ends of this casemate armor diagonal
armor.' 9 inches thick extends from the
sides of the vessel to the -barbette armor.
In the casemate thus formed are placed
ten of the 6-inch guns. Above this^ori the
upper deck, four of the 6-inch • runs- are
placed, in the vicinity of which '" 6-inch
armor Is worked far enough forward and
aft to afford protection to the crews of
these guns. • '
Vitals Amply Protected./
Protection is afforded the vita's of the
ship below the water line by a protective
deck worked flat within the casemate, and
,wlth slopes forward and, aft of it. The
deck is worked in two thicknesses of plat
ing, the totar thickness on the flat being
2% inches, while that on the KloDes for
ward and aft is respectively 3 Inches and 4
inches. Cofferdams are built on the rro
tective deck from the ¦ [diagonal armor
bulkheads to the bow and stern in the
vicinity | of the water line, and on the
berth deck for, nearly the. length of the
vessel. All of these cofferdams > are filled
with corn-pith callulose.
The main battery of the ship consists
of four 12-inch breech-loading rifles,
placed in two balanced turrets, and six
teen 6-lnch rapid-firing guns.
h . The turrets are turned by electricity,
and. the motors used for this purpose can
revolve one of these great turrets through
360 degrees. in one minute. The armor of
both the turrets and barbettes "is 12 inches
thick. . ¦
Ten of the 6-lnch guns are- within' the
, casemate, ; as before stated; two others
are on the berth deck ; forward in 6-inch
armored sponsons, \ and four are on the
upper deck." Those In ' the • sponsons for
ward and two on the. upper deck can fire
grounds and be worried with fewer hours
of travel, they have selected a nearer ve
sort. The Vermonters- have prepared an
unusually interesting programme for the
day and many prizes will be given to the
successful competitors in the sames and
to fortunate holders of gate prize tickets.
There are two military moats fitted -with
the usual signal yards, tops and topmasts;
two tops are built to each of these masts.
The foremost is located in the usual way
over the ¦ forward [ conning * tower, tha
foundation of the tower forming th9 lower
part of the mast. The armor of the fdr-
THE big army transport tug Slo
cum. with President McKInley
and a large party of distin
guished guests on board, steair.ed
SL a-svay frcm the Folsom-street
wharf at 10 o'clock yesterday
morning and turned her prow
tov.-ard the scene of the launching. The
ti3;» n-a? black with people and efferves
cent enthusiasm prevailed on board, for
the President of the United States was
there, bowing; and greeting; in his gracious
manner ail who came r^ear. Those who
knew i he- chief of nil the land and those
ti'ho did net vere smiled upon with cus
tomary affability. Speeding; tov.ard the
battleships that were lined up off Oie
Onion Ircn Works the Slccinn cut the bay:
waters. saluted by cheers from shore and
from the craft that' accompanied her on
xhr trp to the great shipyard where the
battleship Oh Jo Icy ready for her baptism
al c!p ir.lo the water.
Xo cno on the Slocum was more intent
to the Burrtrsadlngs than President Me-
Kin!cy. His keen, observing eye swept
from r.crth to south, from east to v.-est.
Kir^t on en* side of the tug; and then on
the other li<? watched the v.-ater pageant
in process cf formation. Bowing to even'
cheer that enr-ifd across the waves, he
arfctxmtedged the sa!utat!o:is v.-ith ever
rea<y voSce. The Prer'.der.t seemed happy,
ro cid the lucky cr.es on board, and so
were ihoj-« in row boat?, sailing craft, in
Launches, tags, river steamers and ferry
boats. . |
Salutes Soldiers on Sheridan.
Htiaight toward the southern portion of
the bay steamed the S'.ccua. but only for
a few moments. Suddenly a churning of
the fait water told the line of followers
thst tfce President had changed his
courre. The Slocum. instead of going
straight toward the Union Iron Works,
veered toward a Ion?, soldier-packed ship
at avchor midstream between the city
v-hp.rves and Goat bland. It was the
Transport Sheridan at anchor after many
a ir.fle- of ocean travel, and crowding deck,
and raii vre.e the war-worn soldiers of the
Forty-fifth and Forty-sixth Infantry regi
ments.
•What is that ship riding at anchor on
our ?eft?" said President McKinley to a
member cf the Cabinet as the Slocum
•was speeding southward. The statesman
addressed gazed at the ship, but before
he had time to venture an answer the
Pr--*1der.t received complete information
frcia one ameng these present that the
Ehfp in question was the transport *3heri
dan. just returned from the Philippines
and leaded with soldiers.
"I w:sh to welcome them to their na
tive land," said the President. In a mo
ment the Slocum had changed her course,
cutting through the tempered swell to
ward the transport. The boys in blue
and brass buttons were lined up to cheer
President McKinley as he passed in the
distance. They did not think that he
would change his course to wave his silk
hat in welcome to their home-coming and
they were surprised and delighted when
they saw the Slocum's prow mounting
the waves and scudding along toward
thefr own ship. From afar they realized
the intent x)f the Slocum party and cheer
after cheer rolled over the water from
the ship that had listed to starboard by
the sudden concentration of the soldiers
on the city side. The enthusiasm was un
bounded and from the throats of the men
•who had fought in the jungles of far
away Luzon came as lusty and spon
taneous a cheer as ever rose from the
ranks of triumphant soldiers.
An Inspiring Scene.
v President McKinley bowed, his head
uncovered. His features took on a seri
ous thoughtful expression. His mind was
evidently far away, his thought with the
boys who fought and bled for the stars
and stripes. Then he looked upward and
so close was he to the transport that the
returning soldiers could see the play of
emotional thought on his features. An
other lusty shout went upward. At this
time the Slocum passed around the Sheri
dan on the north end. From west to
east the transport listed as the noise of
cheering moved from starboard to port.
Inspiring was the scene and deeply
touching it was to the President As the
Elocuin rounded the Sheridan and again
headed for the scene of the launching
President McKinley wheeled around and
cast a wistful look backward. The si
lence was unbroken after that for several
minutes.
Then the Slocum rushed Into the sput
tering fire of the salute from the men-of
war and President and all turned toward
the business of the day.
Will Not Pay Jurors.
Attorney Louis Boardman presented a
demand for $18 yesterday to Auditor "Wells
which was made out in favor of J. R. Pow
ell, being for services rendered as a trial
juror some time ago. "Wells holds, as in
the case of the Panhandle Appraisers, that
the bills of one year cannot be paid out of
another year's funds. Boardman expected
that the Auditor would not sign the de
mand, and be will take the matter to
court to determine the validity of tne law
passed by the Legislature providing for
t he compensation of Jurors. There Is seme
SlS.vOO involved in the proposition.
Government Tug Sloeum
Carries the Cljief Exeeu
tive to the Launching
Many Are in the Party
and the Voyage Is a
Triumphal Procession
THE guests who wer© invited
aboard the superb revenue cut
ter Golden Gate were afforded a
fine view of the launch of the
battleship Ohio.
F. S. Stratton, Collector of th©
Port; E. B. Jerome, deputy col
lector: VT. B. Hamilton, cashier of the
Custom-house, and Captain Cushing. com
mander of the speedy craft, entertained
their visitors in a style highly creditable
to their sense of true hospitality. As fore
shadowed by the- press, th© cream of Oak
land's refined society was largely repre
sented In the company aboard the Golden
Gate. It was noted by impartial observ
ers that this incident added delight to th©
occasion and contributed intellectual pres
tige to the event.
,Th© cutter left her station at pier No. 3.
¦Washington-street wharf, a few minutes
after 10, going directly to the Union Iron
"Works, In advance of the Slocum. A po
sition was taken which gave Captain
Cushing's passengers, of whom many
were Oakland ladles, a fine view of the
saluting squadron when the battleships
Iowa and "Wisconsin and the cruiser Phil
adelphia paid their compliments to John
jD. Long, Secretary of the Navy. Another
picturesque View was obtained when the
warships, joined in th© meantime by th©
McCulloch, fired a salute of twenty-one
guns in honor of the President of the
Unlted < States.
A battleship presents an air of brav©
beauty when ter turrets and masts ar©
wreathed with the smoke of powder, and
a view of the scene from a point* a few
hundred feet distant Is Inspiring. .One of
th© points of inspiration yesterday was
the deck of the Golden Gate when the
Wisconsin, Iowa. Philadelphia and Mc-
Culloch were saluting.
The revenue cutter took a position at
the Union Iron Works wharf, immediately
astern of the Slocum. The army boat
General McPhers,on. with many ladles, of
ficers and veterans aboard, came along
side the Golden Gate. Later on the Har
bor Commissioners' boat, the Governor
Markham. wedged in to give the Gov
ernor's staff a glimpse of the President.
The guests all Joined In the general ac
claim when the noble battleship Ohio
gracefully moved from the -ways to tha
waters of the bay.
forward bilge keels extend for a length of
about eighty-seven feet, while those aft
haya a. length of about seventy-five feet.
Hydraulic gear is used In steering th©
vessel, and can put the rudder from hard
aport to hard astarboard in twenty sec
¦ onds when the vessel is moving at full
speed. The valves of the gear ar© con
nected -by an electric teleinotor with the
conning tower, besides the mechanical
connection with the pilot-house.
Th© electricity, both for lighting th©
-vessel and operating the turrets and hoists
and minor purposes, is furnished by eight
32-klIowatt generating sets, all having a
pressure of eighty volts at th© terminals.
There are four dynamo-rooms, one on
each side of the vessel just forward of the
boiler space, two generating sets being
placed In each dynamo-room. Eour pow
erful searchlights, two of which are placed
on the top of the pilot-house and two on
the mainmast above the upper bridge, will
give warning of the approach of hostile
vessels, and for night signaling the ship
carries two sets of electric signaling ap-_
paratus.
The normal coal supply is 1000 tons, and
the capacity of the bunkers is 2000 tons.
As in other ships of this typ©, the ar
rangements of the bunkers is such as to
afford considerable Incidental protection
to the machinery .
The Ohio and her class are the first bat-
tleships of the "United States navy in
which water tube boilers were provided.
Steam for the propelling: machinery Is
supplied by water tube boilers of the
Thorycroft type placed In four water
tight compartments. There are three
smokeplpe3.
The two propelling engines are rights
and lefts in separate ¦water-tight com
partments and are of the vertical Jnvert
ed-eylinder, direct-acting, triple-expan
sion type, having four cylinders. The
diameters of the cylinders are as follows:
3S5 Inches H. P., 53 inches I. P. and 63
inches for two low pressures by 48 inches
stroke.
: -~ 'Has High Bate of Speed.
¦ The collective L H. P. of the main en
gines with their air and circulating is
about 10,000 when the vessel is making
a speed of eighteen knots. It should b©
stated here that the Ohio ranks next to
the Georgia class of battleships in our
navy in regard to speed. The Georgia
and class, which will have the greatest
speed of any battleship yet authorized
by Congress, are designed to make rine
teen knots.
A refrigerating room on the berth deck
forward furnishes cold storage, and the
ship is supplied with an ice machine of the
dense air tpye that can produce the cool
ing effect of two tons of ice per day.
Only such wood material as was deemed
absolutely necessary is used in the con
struction of the vessel, and all of chia, ex
cept the armor backing, Is thorough fire
proof.
The windlass, which Is of the most mod
ern pattern, is operated by steam, and can
raise both the bower anchors at once. It
is housed in an enclosure just forward of
the forward barbette.
There, are four steam winches used for
hoisting coal and general deck purposes.
*The construction of the Ohio and her
class was authorized by Congress on Hay
4, 1S93, when the Spanish war demonstrat
ed the wisdom of a much greater increase
of the navy. The keel was laid on April
22, 1899, and the contract price of hull an<l
machinery is $C.S39,000.
Her complement 13 35 officers and 611
men.
1 Many Oakland Soeiety
Ladies Are. Among the
Fortunate Passengers
Revenue Cutter Golden
Gate Takes a Large
Party to the Seene
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAT 19, 1901.
27Society of Old Friends and, after the
launching, they went on a cruise around
the bay. Those who wanted to land had
to bow to the will of the majority and In
consequence there was much grumbling.
- The steamer Resolute of the Piper- Aaen-
Goodall fleet carried off the palm for the'
best dressed vessel at the launching.
Great care and ingenuity had been ex
pended on her decorations and she pre
sented a beautiful appearance as she
joined the jam of boats off the Union Iron
Works.
J. C. Wilson was a host afloat yesterday.
He entertained seventy guests from the
Bohemia and Pacific-Union clubs aboard ,
the superb tug Relief of the Spreckals
fleet. After the launching of the Ohio the
Relief cruised around the bay, affording
passengers an opportunity to exchange
compliments with their friends on other
craft.
ADVENTURES OF SIGHT-SEERS.
People who went out on the Alvlra to
see the launching were in no amiable
frame of mind when they were landed at
Washington-street wharf yesterday even
ing. The vessei was chartered by the
ed one of the most brilliant achieve
ments ih the annals of the American
navy. (Applause.)
, Mentions the Oregon.,
Nor can we forget for a moment that
it was your skill and genius that made
the, Oregon. (Applause, "Three cheers
for the Oregon.") The hours of anx
ious waiting will never be known when
the ' Oregon started to join the fleet at
Santiago.; Days and days we. heard
not one word from her. But we had
confidence in the stout ship you had
built, and we had' confidence in that
gallant officer, Captain '; Clark, that
commanded ,it (applause) ; and I shall
never .forget the early morning .when
Captain Clark 'telegraphed . from the
Florida shore, "The. Oregon is here and
needs no repairs, and Is ready for ac
tion."/(Great applause.) And she went
and performed" magnificent'. service. I
wantv. to thank you men 'of the' Union
Iron Works for your, assistance In the
defense of 'our common- country. - 1
want ' to jj thank j you for j having built
ships ! that have maintained' the honor
of ; the United States and ' added new
glory, to the navy of the States.
(Applause.) ,' , . •"¦' . ,.
I , was sorry indeed not to. have been
at the Vnveiline. of the monument day
beforeVesterday erected by a descend
ant, of Peter - Donahue, who 'founded
-the "Union Iron Works,; and dedicated
Continued .from Page Twenty-Six.
fuel, indeed, thousands of miles away
from the raw materials which go to
make a ship, you have yet persevered
and triumphed and made as good ships
as have ever sailed the seas. (Great
applause.) «
I am glad to be among these work
ingmen. '-. I have 'been' glad to be ,in
the city of San Francisco, and while
I have not been able to meet all. her
people 1 1 have been able . to meet tens
of thousands of them, have heard their
cheers for our country, have seen their
smiling faces and have observed that
peace and contentment j which has
been everywhere manifest upon the
faces of the people as we have taken
our long journey from the Atlantic to
the Pacific. (Applause.) •'; I met this
morning one of the returning trans
ports as. we came to your works, car
rying the Forty-sixth and the Forty
second United States Volunteers.' It
did my heart good to welcome those
brave defenders of our honor and of
the flag back again -to the Golden
State. - (Applause.)
San Francisco in. War.
: My fellow citizens/ you. have no idea,
how, deeply :, touched ' I , have •'.' been .
in the last .three 'years 'and*.; a''
half by the" loyal patriotism ". of, -.the/
people of San Francisco. Y; My^ mind, ¦,
"my heart, have been here, for. it was
.here we organized the first expedition
to the Philippine Islands. . It was here,
"under ¦ command' of General ' Merritt,
that that great army assembled • and
started out upon the. ocean, '.none Of
us knowing what might; happen to
, them, but all knowing that the'na
tional honor was safe in their keep
ing; and I remember that the people
of San Francisco gave them their
¦ blessing when they departed,' and then
their ; benediction when they returned
- again. (Applause.) As the , head of
- the nation, I want to thank the people
of. this coast fortheir noble work dur
ing the Spanish war (applause), and I ;
want to -make special: reference . and
acknowledgment," for; 1- may not have V
'another. opportunity, to the gallant
First California Volunteers (applause),,
that -was among the", first; in -the field
-'.and . almost the last to \ leave It, and
performed conspicuous and gallant ser
vice in the campaign: in the Philippine
. Islands." No one 'can : stand surrounded .
- by the workmen' of this' great : estab- ,
lisriment without recalling the splen-/
- did seryice done by the ships you have
_ builded and .their priceless .services to
the country. When' Admiral^ Dewey;.
I was' directed ; to . go to | Manila' and de-.
stroy , the i Spanish" fleet" orl capture it, '
•-•; he' made the -Olympia.. which you^built,.'
§ his: flagship -(applause); * and:* his 'com- ~
mand directed. fronvthat ship perform-
WORKMEN TENDER A WARM RECEPTION TO McKINLEY.
¦' 7 • ; ¦ : . • ¦ ¦ ~ ¦¦¦ ¦ i '.
VIEWS OF THE MAGNIFICENT NAVAL PAGEANT WHICH SPREAD OUT BEFORE PRESIDENT McKINLEY
. AND THE THOUSANDS OF SPECTATORS WHO FILLED EVERY POINT, OF VANTAGE FROM WHICH A
VIEW OF THE LAUNCHING OF THE OHIO COULD BE' OBTAINED. • .
, My fellow-citizens, we have
problems before us. We never had
more important ones. We have ex
panded. Do you want., to contract'
(Cries of "No.") It is not a question
of whether we will acquire the-Philip
pines or Porto Rico or Guam or Wake
Island or Hawaii or Tutuila. We have •
acquired them:' they- are ours. The
question is, Shall r we give them up?
(General cry of ,"No.") .Arrd from one
end of this. country to, the other comes
that answer..' They are ours, "not to"
subjugate, but emancipate; not to rule ,
- ¦ ' ' * ; ; : -.V # ¦
We Want More Snips.
What we want Is to build more ships.
We ought to have a gdod commercial
line from here to the Philippines, made
in the Union Iron Works (laughter),
built by American workingmen and
manned by American sailor 3 (ap
plause) and carrying the American
flag... (Applause.) There is nothing in
this world that brings people so close
together as commerce, and we want to
encourage commerce. There is noth
ing in this world that so much pro
motes the 'universal brotherhood of
man as commerce, and we want to
encourage commerce. The nations are
close together now. The powers of the
earth are tied together.. We. have
overcome distance. We not onivwant
a commercial line, but we want a cable
from here to the Philippines. (Ap
plause.) We want it to be an Amer
ican cable (applause), that cannot be
cut by any. power in the world.y (Ap
plause.) They say trade follows the
flag. The telegraph must follow trade.
(Applause.)-
to the mechanics of the city of San
Francisco. I should have liked to pay
that honor to one who founded theao
great worksr-works that have been so
successfully carried on by Mr." Scott
and his associates, and that have mad^
the fame of the Union Iron . Works
world-wide. (Applause.) I don't want
a ship in the American navy built this
year to be better than the Ohio.
(Laughter and applause.) I say that
to you among ourselves. ¦• (Laughter.) .
I say it to you workmen who are go
ing to build her, for I have a great deal
of pride in the old State. (Applause.)
I" have a great deal of pride in the ,
name, but. proud as I am of my na
tive State. I am a thousand times more
proud of the nation that is over all the
States (great applause), supreme and
sovereign and glorious in its mission of
good will and liberty to all mankind.
(Applause— three cheers for the Ohio.)
The Sausalito returned to her berth at
1:15 p. m., and then the trouble really
broke out. The passengers refused to
leave the boat unless their money was
refunded. James H. Creely, the attorney,
was their spokesman and he refused to
leave until an understanding was arrived
at. ' After half an hour spent In arguing
Captain Tribble sent for the police, but
Captain Dunleavy said there . was no
breach of the peace and refused to Inter
fere. Shortly afterward the Sausalito had
to back Into the stream to allow the San
Rafael - to dock. While steaming around
an agreement was reached. The passen
gew were willing to forego their claim If
the company would take them back to the
Union Iron Works and give them" a look
at the Ohio as she lay off the Arctic Oil
Works/ Captain Tribble agreed to the ar
ranstment and headed his boat for the
scene of the morning's launching. After
everybody aboard had had a good look at
the warship tha Sausalito went back to
her slip and the passengers walked
ashore.
¦ There was considerable trouble on the
ferry steamer Sausallto and at one time
It looked as though there was going to
be a deadlock. The steamer started for
the launching about 11 a. m., but owing
to the crush a good place from which to
view the- ceremony could not be found.
The first Information the- passengers had
that the Ohio had taken her initial plunge
Into the waters of the bay was the shriek
ing of the whistles. Then they got mad
and began to call President J. B. Stetson
arid Captain Trtbble names.
INCIDENT OF LAUNCHING.
There was more cheering when tho
President concluded, and then he was led
through the crowd, shaking hands as he
went, and to/ the launching stand under
the steel prow of the Ohio.
astic applause.)
Friend of Laborr^"
Having said this much, I only want
to thank you all for this most cordinl
welcome. I am glad again to- meet the
worklngmen of my country. All my
public life has been devoted In effort to
give the workinsmen the best oppor
tunity, the best chance for good wages
and steady employment. (Great ap
plause.) When labor is well em
ployed the country is safe, and when
labor is well employed there .is con
tentment and happiness in the homes
of the laboring men. Let us do our
duty, the great public duty that con
fronts us; let us do it walking humbly
before God. dealing justly and merci
fully, and always asking his favor and
guidance.
Let me say that I shall carry this
beautiful souvenir of the employes of
the Union Iron Works with me. and it
shall abide with me as long as. I live,
and shall be passed to those .of ir.y
family that shall follow, as one of th«
dearest tokens I have ever received
from my fellow-countrymen. (Enthusi-
(Applause.)
In the power of might, but to take to
those distant people the principles or
liberty, of freedom of consciense, and
of opportunity, that are enjoyed by the
people of the United States. • (Great
applause.) Our flag never goes any
where except it carries blessings.
(Applause.) Our flag never oppressed
anybody, but It has given freedom to
every people over whom it ha3 floated.
His quest, to wake a dreaming world from
sleep.
I3y sandy shores, o'er Alleghany's crest.
He paused to hear the valley's purring
rest.
Far to the West, the flood-tide's ceaseless
measure
Broke o'er his soul in waves of living
pleasure.
II.
Through the wild primeval forest
Crtpt the youth with wondrous meaning—
Blazing trees for future heroes-
Waving wands with wizard seeming.
From the wigwam came the cabin;
Birds soon flew the rifle's crack;
And the plying locomotive •
Drove the saddened red man back.
•Round the campfire chieftains marveled
That the nature-dream was o'er;
Followed they the deer and bison
Toward a friendly sundown shore.
From the ashes of the cabin
Mansions, farms and cities grand.
Lowly kine and high-bred people.
Sprang to bless this happy land.
Spirit of Ohio— goddess—
Ruled this land of inspiration:
And the Son of Progress wed her—
Lo! their children lead the nation.
Proud the sire, but discontented;
Undismayed — quailed /lot the wrack — .
With his offspring, bold as Hector,
Drove the frontier border back.
HL
Afar, where the famed Golden Gat?
Swinge low at the close of the day,
Bronzed Progress sits molding a queen;
War's arbiter — fresh for the fray.
With furnace and smoke and fire,
With tackle and block and blow.
In steel, men clothe this bold desire,
In a fleece of flame below.
With hands that are horny with toil.
And a patient, steady tread.
The ranks of men file in and out
To rather their harvest of bread—
WJth hammer and forge and flame,
With rivet and bolt and blade,
They bind her ribs to her monster frame.
'Tie a plant that isan hath made.
Dark faces emboss with the slow
Of sunlight, o'er labors well done.
Men's arms gather strength with each
blow
And the men and the ship are as one.
They know that the forge's red glare '
Touches oft where the higher sparks lay—
With cheers on the lips of the men n
STANDING on the launching plat
form just under the bow of the
Ohio. Mrs. Ida. Lawrence read a
poem she had written for the oc
casion. It was just before the
ship was freed and while every
one was watching for the first quiver that
ehould mark her progress to the sea. The
words of Mrs. Lawrence's poem are as
follows:
O Star of Empire, thou that went before
The pilgrim, in the misty days of yore,
"When glad the Son of Progress left the
throne :
To pioneer Hesperian shores alone—
We owe to thee. with every passing hour,
A new-world life and liberty and power.
Wfth bosom bare, and lifnbs of sturdy
brawn.
The manly youth ran through the early
dawn —
His buskined feet touched light the
troubled deep;
sword;
Then firmly thou'lt scourge, with thy
thundrous Might,
The foe with the help of the Lord-
Wilt win with the help of the Lord."
Let Mercy stride free o'er the deck, ;
And Love- from the bridge draw the
PERORATION.
Plunge out in thy baptismal fount
O ship of the magical name;
Ride firm o'er the wave in thy pioneer
way,
As men in the highway of fame —
Our men in the highway of fame.
If, like a proud seagull, thy fate
To ride on the billows away.
Over fathomless depths where the sea
monsters mate.
And fight o'er the flotsam of prey
From lost vessels, the flotsam of prey —
The guerdon that hangs round thy name —
And the sons of our bountiful soil
Shall smite thy proud turrets with ran
corous flame,
If thou dost e'er shame her with spoil —
Dost shame her with ill-gotten spoil.
Sail out on the high seas of state,
If foul blows the south wind or fair;
With, homes to protect and the nation
defend,
Our sons and our ship will be there-
Brave as Perry, our ship will be there.
May the lust of the nation be lost
In life's tide, where the deep sounding3
are; -
Then, Captain, fear not, with our ensign
on high,
To follow the pale of His star—
With cannon to follow His star. . ¦
They'll sigh when the ship heaves away.
Erect in her great wooden stall.
She yearns for her kingdom, the sea;
The Spirit Ohio shall sever her chains,
And bid the fair captive go free;
To cut the brocade of the deep,
To walk by the feel of the land.
As love fondly lingers round sleep.
So Faith puts her seal on her hand.
EXCURSIONISTS WHO FAIL TO SEE THE OHIO
LAUNCHED ARE VERY MUCH DISAPPOINTED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUN DAY," MAY 19, 1901.
28TWO GALLANT OFFICERS OF THE j UNITED j STATES ARMY j WHO
HAVE RETURNED FROM THE .PHILIPPINES -AND WHO WILL
• TALK TO THE PRESIDENT. • ' . . '
STOCK MARKET.
On one half th* semi-finals Taylor, O.
II. S.. beat Cavalier. B. H. S., only after
[be three full sets had been played, the
s<-ore l>einjr 3-6, 6-1. 6-0. The Berkeley
man started in well and took the first set
iathor handily. 6-3. In the second set
Taylor seemed to strike his gait and from
tht-n on everything went his way and he
won out easily. In the other half of the
sam<* finals Valleau. A. H. S., defaulted
to Hodgkinscn. Lu H. S. Owing to the
poor condition of Taylor the final match
wss postpoiiPd until next Saturday morn
ing, when Hodgkinson should win, with
'•ut much trouble.
TVr.nis players were out in force yester
day on the courts of the California Tennis
Oub. In the morning the singles tourna
ment for the championship of the Aca
demic League was played down to the
final round, which was put over until Sat
urday morning. The two men to reach
the 'finals were JCorman Hodgkinson of
Ixiwell Hieh School and Ray Taylor of
Oakland High School. The fact that
Hodgkinson reached the Iinals without
piaying a match shows how much supe
rior to themselves his opponents consid
ered liim.
In the first round Taylor. O. H. S., won
frcm Towno, P. A. H. S.. by default; Cav
alier. B. H. S., beat Bennett, St. Mat
thew's. 6-4; VaJleau. A. H. S.. beat Ken
von. B. IJ. A., 6-4, and Hodgkinson, I* If.
S.. won frcm Lilicnthal. P. H. S.. by de
fault. In this round but one set was
played in each match. The semi-finals
wr-re two sets out of three and the finals
three sets out of live.
Club Courts Excite General
* Interest.
Tennis Matches Played on California
Public sentiment and a raft of coin sent
Hortou to the post the hottest sort of a
favorite for the final mile selling run,
wjiile the price against Goldone receded.
to o to 2. Ruiz on Horton ran aground
on two or three sandbars, collided with
half a dozen street cars, nearly missed
being run down by an automobile, Just
rsca.ped being arrested by a park police
man for fast driving and then Goldone
oniy led him out two lengths. The fail
ure of a savings bank could not have
Touched the crowd more deeply.
ACADEMIC TOURNAMENT
DOWN" TO THE FINALS
Mocorito, an Syto 1 shot, piloted by
Alexander, furnished the surprise in the
secr.nd six furlong jaunt. The mare pos
sessed her old-time speed, and running
<-ver her field through the stretch beat
Novia, a. rank outsider, four open lengths.
1 orsir.a. the favorite, played down Irom
4 to 5 to 2. started off well, when her un
derpinning, always under suspicion, went
wiong and she ended in last position.
After the race was over it could plainly
be seen that Illilouon was pounds the
best of the starters in the mile and fifty
yards selling* affair. Ridden by Ransch,
ihe. gelding was knocked out of the run
inng at the first turn, and then tramping
around his company turned up an easy
winner over Jim McCleevy and Montal
l;ule at the wire. The winner was bid up
S3iX) ever his entered selling price of $200
by Perry Hildreth.
two-year-old event at Oakland
yesterday. A quartet of very evenly
matched ones lined up, and it was by far
ihe sharpest betting affair on the menu.
At post time the market favored The
Giver and Divina, each being quoted at
9 to 5. Louwelsea's stock dropped until
the ticker marked \\<z, and Achilles was
slow at a half-point lower. From the
start Achilles and Divina were outfooted.
Bassinger on Lcuwelsea going out in the
lead, with The Giver a close traveling
companion. A furlong from the stand as
Ransch applied the whip it looked as if
The Giver would win. but the Emperor of
Norfolk's daughter staid gamely, and as
the pair crossed the line the judges were
unable to separate them, declaring a dead
heat. Achilles. Jn another hard drive four
lengths back, Just landed the show by a
head.
Further than this nothing out or the
ordinary groove of things characterized
the sport, which was clean and exhilarat
ing throughout. Moringa and Illilouon
won starting as favorites in the betting,
but the defeat in the last event of Horton
by Goldone was a distressing accident for
the talent. Ruiz and Bassinger each dis
played splendid form in the saddle. Jake
Jloltman's fine starting also came in lor
general commendation.
Highly touted, as usual, by the end stall
delegation. Searchlight came out an S to
3 favorite for the opening five-furlong
sprint. The good thing blew up early, and
in a drive Ruiz put feaiil of Tarsus over
i he plate first a neck before First Shot.
Due solely to the superb handling of
Ruiz, Moringa. a slight favorite in the
ring over Glissando for the six-furlong
pprint. next decided, defeated Alas in a
driving finish. The last named horse made
all the running, but his weight told the
last 100 yards arid he lost by half a length.
? ilissanao lacked staying quality, running
a fair third.
AS a side attraction for the edifica
tion of the Saturday throng of
pportseekers. L#ouwelsea and The
Giver ran a. dead heat in the
BY F. E. MTTLHOLLAND.
OAKLAND BACETBACK-Saturday.
May 18, - IDOL— Weather fine. Track
fasst.
247O. SECOND RACE— Five furlongs;, .four
year-olds and up; purse, $300.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. %. Fin.
24S2 S. Tarsus, 4. 112...Kuiz 5 3 1 2^ In
23.3 First Shot. 4. 109.Alexdr 3 2 2 3 V- 2 V4
2458 -K. Wolcott, 4, 107.. Enos 6 7 >,4 6% 3 1
2440 Searchlight. 6. H2.Basgr 11^13 4 4
2438 G. Finder, 4. lOS.Materne 7 6 n 4 1 5 1
2373 Lindo. 4. 103 Russell 4 5 >4 5^ 6 3
2435 S. Matts. 5, 112 Prior 8 9 ',4 8 1 7 M
2374 Del Vista, 4, 107..Bozemn 2 4 »4 7 \i 8 1
2411 J. Welch. 4. 110.. .Lynch 9 10 9 % 9 M
1941 Swlftwater, 4, 107.Burkel2 8 2 10 3 10 3 .
2107 Evirato, 6. U2.McKlnonlO 12 UM H M
2411 Rosa Ban, 4, 107...Fcaryll 11 12 • 13
Time— H. :12H; %. :24U; M9; %. 1:0114.
Good start. Won llrst three driving. Winner.
S. McNaughton's cK gr. by Imp. Watercress-
Judith. Ruiz gave winner a great rie. First
Shot tried to run out on far turn. Katie Woi
cott went the overland. Searchlight Is stale.
Gold Finder ran a good race badly handled.
Swiftwater no chance.
Betting— Saul of Tarsus. 5-2; First Shot. 8:
Katie Wolcott, 12; Searchlight, 8-5; Gold
Finder, 55; Lindo, 12; Senator Matts. 50; Del
Vista. 25: John Welch, 60; Swiftwater, 50;
jEvirato, 200; Rosa Ban. 300.
2471. SECOND RACE— Six furlongs: selling;
four-year-olds and up; purse, $300.
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. Vi. */*¦ Fin.
2444 Moringa, 6, 114 Ruiz 1 4n 3 1 1 »4
2461 Alas, 4, 110 Ransch 2 1 U 1 3 2 «~
2456 GllsEando. 4. 112..Alexdr 3 5 3 5 J4 3 n
245S H. Thatcher, 4, H4.Sulvn 6 7 n 7 H 4 14
2447 Rapido. a, 114 Enos 5 6 1 4 H G 1
2462 Yule. 6. 112 Russell 4 3n 6n 6 1
2405 March 7. 4, 110 Prior S 8 % .9 % 7 2
2463 Sunello, 4, H2...Materne 7 9 8 1 8 1
2451 Galene. 4. 110 SlocumlO 2 3 2"i 9 1
2413 Homestake, a, 112.. Hoar 9 10 12 10 \i
2440 Position. 5, H4....Powerll 11 11 11 1
2391 M. Dew, 5. 112...Hazardl2 12 10 % 12
Time— M :24V4: J .4. =49: %. 1:13U- Good start.
Won first three driving. Winner, E. Carey's
b. g. by Sobrante-Loma. Alas played his
string out. and Moringa under excellent hand
ling scored. Glissando lacked speed. Rapido
was rank and Enos was unable to pull him
up. Galene will win shortly. Scratched — Net
tie Clark 110.
Betting— Moringa, 5-2; Alas, 7-2: Glissando.
13-5; Harry Thatcher. 15: Rapido, 23; Yule, 10;
March Seven. 40; Sunello. 20; Galene, SO;
Homestake. 30; Position. 20; Mountain Dew, 20.
2472. THIRD RACE— Futurity course; two
year-olds ; purse, $330.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2460 Louwelsea, HS.Basslnger 112 1 ',4 «1
2460 The Giver. 110... Ransch 2 2 »i 2 4 •! 3
(2454)Achilles, 112 Ruiz 3 4 3h 3 3
2460 Di vina, 107 Conley 4 3h 4 4
Time— To V*.. :21; to %, :45ir: last %. 1:01%;
short %, 1:11. Good start. "Won first three
driving. Both leaders stood a long drive, ami
had she not been giving weight away, Lou
welsea would have won. Too racy and re
fined for Achilles. Divina had no excuses.
Betting— Louwelsea, 4; The Giver, 9-5;
Achilles, 4; Dlvina. 9-5.
2473. FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
four-year-olds and up; purse, $300.
Index, Horse, Wt. Jpckey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2451 Mocorito. 6, H2..Alexndr 2 4 1 2 n 14
2462 Novla. 6. 112 Russell 8 7 hk 3 Vt 2Vi
2427 El MIdo, 6, 114.Bassln*ger 7 8 7 3 3 %
2413 Foul Play. 4, HO.Bozemn 3 5 *; 6 h 4 3
2456 Duckoy, 4, 112.... Ransch 6 2 3 1 V» 5 4
2455 Amasa, 6, 114 Hoar 1 1 n 4 % .6 4
2431 Jerid 5, 117 Shields 5 3!i 51 7 2
2431 Torslna, a. 112 Ruiz 4 6 4 S 8
Time— li. :24; »4. :«: »4, 1:14%. Good start.
Won easily. Second and third driving. 'Win
ner. J. Sullivan's ch. m. by Amigo-Santa
Monica. Winner only galloped last quarter.
Novia showed improvement. El Mido had early
speed. Foul Play heavily played. Amasa quit.
So did Jerid. Torslna has very bad front un
derpinning-.' Scratched— Daniel 112. Toraida 112,
Dr. Nembula 114. Jingle Jingle 112.
Betting— Mocorito, 7; Novia, 25; El Mido, 80;
Foul Play. 4; Duckoy, 8; Amasa, 15; Jerid, 9-2;.
Torsina, D-2. .
2474. FIFTH RACB-Mile and fifty yards;
felling; three-year-olds and up; puree, $300.
Index Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. Vt. Str. Fin.
2430 Illilouon. 3, 97 Ransch 6 2 1 12 12
24<>2 J. • McCleevy. 6, 115. Bass 2 1 h 2 h 2H
2J55 Montallade, a, 112.Russll 4 4 1 3 1 3 n
2444 Ostler Joe, a. 113.. ..Ruiz 13 1 5^41
24C7 Stromo, 5, 112.FauntleroylO B Vi 4 Vt 5 8
2146 QuitfO, 3, 100 Brodien 99 8 6 V4 6 1
1932 Burdock. 4, 112..Dingley 7 I'J 7! 7 3
2456 Ser. Lake. 3, 95 Hoar 6 6 *£ 8 2 8 2
2426 Lost Girl, a, HO.Hennssy 3 8 H 94 9 6
24o3 Frank Duffy, 4, HO.Powl 8 10 10 10
Time— 50 yards, :04; tf. :24; M, :4SH: %. 1:14;
mile, 1:41%; lm 60yds. 1:45. Good start. Won
easily. Second and third driving; Winner, C
T. Boots' ch. g. by Tlger-Gypsette. Cut oft
and bumped at the first turn, winner pounds
the best. McCleevy ran consistently. Ostler
Joe probably did his best. Screemwell Lake
had a rough trip. Scratched— Slssenvlne 97,
Former© 115.
Betting— Illilouon. 17-10: Jim McCleevy. P;
Montallade. 12: Ostler Joe. 13-5; Stromo, 12;
Quibo. 40; Burdock. 150: Screenwell Lake, 7;
Lost Girl, 15; Frank Duffy. 100.
2475. SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling; four
year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
(2439) Goldone, 4. llO.Bassinger 2 2 1 2 1 12
(2445)Horton. 6. 114 Ruiz 3 6 3 3n 2 1
(2456)Dang. Maid, 4, 103. Ranch 111 11 35
2453 Pins. 6, 109. Stuart 5 3 n 4 '/4 4 1
2461 Oastake, 6, 109... Romero 6 7 6 5 6 1
(2444)Bathos. 4, 10S Russell 7 5h 5 1 6 6
1791 Monda, 5, 111 Hazard 4 417 7
Time— M. :25; U, :49%: ?i. 1:1W4: mile. 1:41.
Good start. Won first three driving. Winner,
Zl Coffey's b. h. by Goldfinch- Abllone. Goldone
well ridden and In good luck. Horton cut on*
twice before the stretch was reached. Castake
can win with a competent rider up. Bathos
didn't do much.
Betting — Goldone. &-2; Horton, 1; Dangerous
Maid, 16-5: Ping, 100; Castake, 30; Bathos, 15;
Monda, 600.
EASTERN BASEBALIi GAMES.
Results of the Contests in American
and National Leagues.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
CLEVELAND, May 18.— After losing eleven
straight games Cleveland defeated Detroit to
day. Attendance, 3200. Score:
Clubs— I*- H. E.
Cleveland 9 14 3
Detroit 7 12 3
Batteries— Scott and Wood; Miller and Mc-
Allister.
"WASHINGTON. May 18.— Philadelphia to
day won its first game from 'Washington by
superior batting and Plank's clever work in
the box. Attendance. 2800. Score: .
Clubs— I*- H. E.
Philadelphia 11 1* <
Washington 6 6 6
Batteries— Plank and Murphy: Gear and
Clark.
CHICAGO. May IS.— Chicaeo won the third
straight game from Milwaukee to-day, Isbell's
batting being the feature. Attendance, 4900.
Score:
Clubs— H. H. K.
Chicago 5 9 4
Milwaukee 3 ¦ 4 3
Batteries— Katoll and Sugden; Hawley and
Leahy.
BOSTON. May 18. — Baltimore-Boston game
postponed; rain.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
PHILADELPHIA, May 18.-Chicago was
ehut out by Philadelphia In a well-played and
interesting- same. Attendance, 2100. Score:
Clubs— . K. H. E»
Chicago 0 5 8
Philadelphia 4 8 -2
Batteries— Menefee, -Kilns and Dexter; Dug-
Sleby and McFarland. Umpire^ — O'Day.
BOSTON. May IS.— Cincinnati-Boston game
postponed.
NEW YORK. May 18.— Pittsburg-New <Tork
game rostponed; rain.
BROOKLYN. May 18.— St. Louis-Brooklyn
game postponed; rain.
COLLEGE BASEBALL.
At Princeton— Princeton, 7; Georgetown, 6.
At Philadelphia— Harvard, 10; Pennsyl
vania. ' 3.
At Ithaca— Cornell. 32; Michigan, 5.
Sheerness in Princess Handicap.
LONDON, May 18.— At the Gatwick
spring meeting to-day Sir E. "Vincent's
Sherness, with J. Reiff in the saddle, won
the Princess handicap of 1000 sovereigns.
Seven horses ran, including Lady Massey,
owned by Frank Gardiner. (American),
which was the favorite. Arthur James'
Cynical was first; \V. C. Whitney's Falsan
d'Or, with Lester Reiff up, came in sec
ond, and Claquer, owned by W. M. Singer,
Maher having the mount, ran third, In the
race for the Marlborough Stakes of 500
sovereigns. . '
THE CALL'S RACIHG FORM CHART
Fast Two-Year-Olds Run a Dead Heat Over
Oakland Track— Horton Out of Luck and
Cleverly Beaten by Goldone— Fine Sport
LOUWELSEA AND THE GIVER
VERY EVENLY MATCHED
See .These Apartments.
•:• The Hotel Noveau, ? 312 : Stockton street,
will please those who appreciate the com
forts and t \ conveniences •-; of a . modern
hotel. '•' ¦' ¦-¦¦¦.¦••-.¦ . • /.-.._•..
- • <¦,¦¦¦¦:. ¦¦¦ -: : : ';.•- ' ' • " ' •¦¦ '
For. Saturday and a partial holiday business
was, very fair on the Bond Exchange.- Contra
Ccsta Water advanced to J51 25 and Giant Pow
der to »7a. •: :'¦;;••' - - - ¦ •
The oil stocks continued dull. The San Fran
cIpco Exchange was • not In session. "
The Belcher, Mining. Company has levied an
assessment of 10c; • , . * .t ' •
. Sunset : District Oil Company, Sunset, - Kern
field, has levied an assessment of lo per share.
Michigan Wins' in Track Meet
•ANN ARBOR.', Mich^, May 18.— Michigan
won the dual ttack meet, with Chicago on
Regents' field this af ternon by the score
of 73 1^3 to 52 2-3. '•' - : .
Baskell ' Ball * Game.
.The basket-ball team of the Lowell High
School was defeated- yesterday by. the At
lantas, the Girls' High School team, by a
score "<* 7 - 9 * a *fjjWmffllfr'ffl1iy^Siilfr^^
Bain Ends Field Sports. .
EUGENE, 1 Or., May 18.— Rain Interfered
with 1 the' field; meet Between the univer
sities of Oregon and Washington to-day.
Just at the beginning of the contest a
light rain set in, which Increased so that
at the end of the third event it was de
cided to postpone further . events until
Monday afternoon. In the three events
the score stands: 14; "Washing
ton, 13. Summary: , '¦,
¦ 100-yard dash— J. Pearson CWashlngton), first;
Heater (Oregon), second; Lewis (Oregon),
third. ' Time. :10 1-5.
- 8S0-yard run— Pain© (Oregon), first; Boyce
(Washington), second; Boetzkes (Washington),
third. Time, 2:08.; ..
Broad Jump— Heater (Oregon), first: Caulkins
(Washington), second; Hill (Washington),
third. Distance, 21 feet 7ft Inches. ,
Return Disputed Bicycle.
¦-.- SAN- JOSE, May 18.— The embezzlement
charge preferred by -a' local -- : cyclery
against ' Charles and Clem. TurvUle* was
dismissed to-day, the wheel In controversy
having been returned and the costs paid.
Miles Holds Tennis Championship.
LONDON,. May 18.— In [the contest for
the amateur . tennis- championship to-day
E. H. Miles, the » present holder of the
championship," defeated J. F. ¦ Gribbls by
three straight sets. . -
The run-down of the 116-dog open stake
at Union Park yesterday attracted one of
the largest weekday crowds seen at tho
game this season. • ¦ ; -.
Tho backers of favorites had a general
good day, for In all but eight of the goes
were their selections successful in getting
decisions. On three of these occasions,
however, the talent was forced to pay a
good, stiff price for its error of judgment.
F. Jones' Lovina of the St.' Lawrence-
Moonlight litter of : stake- winners was
picked to 'take easy honors in a course
with Roberts' Army, a For ¦ Freedom
youngster of the Pasha Kennels. The
soldier dog has never appeared any too
healthy, but in his three of four times out
has shown more than fair speed. \ Seven
to one was quoted against him yesterday,
and in a short,, snappy course he won out,
keeping Lovina from scoring. ., .
The next- short end was at the same
price, Bonnie Pasha taking tho flag Irom.
Jingle Bells by a score of 4 to 3.- ¦
Favorites took the next eleven goes, and
then Castaway, another 7 to. 1 shot, led
and beat pointless the clever Narcissus.
Hying Fox and Ireland, equal favorites
for the stake, put up a g>and course-. that
pleased the crowd. Away from the slips
to a good break the dogs went up the
field at an even pace. Ireland drove for
the kill, scoring, the only points. . '¦
¦ Little Sister looks able to take care of
the top of the card, and Ireland has a
good chance to outdo the lower half.
Homer Boy put up a slashing course, and
with For Glory is the best of outside
choices. . ' ¦ ¦ - .,
Rector was • considered • a I strong . possl-'
bility for final honors, but in a double bye
with King Cotton, ¦ in which tho dogs
broke even on points, his showing !: was
:«uchthat he will not have the backing
in the iinals that was anticipated for him.
Rollicking Airs beat Sir Lawrence at 3 to
1, First Foot beat Fine Form, Scotland
Yet beat 'Naughty Girl, Greenback beat
"Veto at 2 to 1 and Nlcaslo beat All Green
at 5 to 3.-- . ¦ -•'¦. ' ¦•:¦'¦• . ,* ¦¦¦' ¦ :, •¦¦.¦
For to-day's nnals the card offers many
courses in which the contestants are even
ly matched and a good programme of
sport should result \-. ?•¦•; \ -*y.r
Probable ' winners in the second round
are Ploughboy, The Grafter, Rector, Rol
licking. Airs, For Glory, Lawrence,..Vul
can, Bona Fide, ; Santonin; Flora'McDon
ald, Rural Artist, Vandal, Roberts', Army;
Charta, Little . Sister. Dewdrop, Hot
Haste, Ireland, Chicago • Boy, ./ Spiteful,'
Greenback, , Homer ¦ Boy,'- Game :...': Boy,' (
Motto, Firm Fellow, ; America, Silver
Cloud, Master Rocket and Anchor.
Following are the- day's results, with
Judge Grace's official scores:
Open stake, first round— P. J. Rellly"s
Ploujrhboy beat J. D. Cardinell'a Union Jack,
4-1; R. P. Julian's Janice beat J. D. Card-
IneH's Hod, 6-2; Gold 'Dust- Kennels' Forget a
bye; P. J. Reilly's The Grafter beat E. M.
Kellogg's Frisco- Boy, 6-2; Sterl & Knowles'
Ripple beat Pasha Kennels' Belle Rocket, 6-4;
A. i R. . Curtis' Rector a bye; P. M. . Curtis'
War Eagle a bye; Pasha Kennels' Rollicking
Airs beat J. Dowling's Sir Lawrence, • 5-1;
Cheetham & Partlngton's Representative beat
Pasha Kennels' Royal Anne, 8-2;. H.* AC Deck
elman's- Lawrence beat Sterl & Knowles'
Sleety Mist, 6-1: Sterl & Knowles' For Glory
beat D. Walter's Campania, 6-0; D. J. Hea
ley's NIcasio beat D. D. Roche's All Green,
2-0;. Russell & Allen's Daisy Clalr beat R. P.
Julian's i Sweet Music, '5-0; Russell' &. Allen's
First Foot beat IX J. Healey's Fine Form,
3-2; A. R. Curtis' Vulcan beat J. D. Cardinell'a
Jesiby 6-0; F.- A. McComb's Bona Fide beat
E. M. Kellogg 1 a Modest Lad, 3-2; A. R. Cur
tis' King. Cotton a bye; Chlarlnl Bros.' San
tonin beat R. E. de B. Lopez's Sara, 3-0;
Pasha. Kennels' ¦ Risky Attempt beat William
Mills' Novato Belle, 4-0; ¦¦ A.' Vanderwhite'o
Flora McDonald beat J. Hurley's Hurricane.
4-2- Pasha Kennels' Rural Artist beat P. J.
Reilly's Royal .Union, 3-2; ' J. R.. McCarthy's
John Doe beat E. M. Kellogg's Buck. 4-0; T.
J. Cronin's Vandal beat Lopez & Sons' Jewess,
4-0" H Lynch's Lilac beat D. Ford's Bonlta,
8-2- E' M. Kellogg' s- Modest Girl, beat J.
Caveney'B Juliette, 4-3; 'Pasha Kennels' Rob
erts' » Army beat F. Jones' Lovina, 3-0; A. R.
Curtis' Charts, a bye: Aeneid Kennels' Agamem
non'beat-Star Kennels' Herschel's Pride, 4-2;
E Geary's Bonnie Pasha beat J. -Dempsey's
Jingle Bells, 4-3; F. A. McComb's Little Sister
beat : E. M. Kellogg* 3 • Crawford Girl, E-0 ; ¦ W.
C Glasson's Dewdrop.a bye; J. Smith's Mas
ter Workman, a bye: , F. *.'A. ¦ McComb's ;Hot
Haste beat -M.' B. . Ka.vanaugh's Swedish. 5-0;
Tosemite Kennels' .: Bad ; Boy beat H.-A. Deck
elman's Snap Shot, 3-2; G. Walters': The Chief
beat D' D. Roche' s» Bells of Shandon. 8-2: 'E.
Geary's Ireland beat A. R." Curtis' Flying Fox,
2-0; George Shannon's Chicago Boy. beat P.' M.-
Curtis' "Warpath, -4-0; ¦ 'L. 'M.VConnell's St.
Helen beat D. J. Healey's Elista, .5-1; 'Russell
& Allen's Spiteful beat T." W. ; Bartel's Mac's
Melody," 4-0; "Russell <k . Allen's Castaway beat
P. M.' - 'curtis' Narcissus, 3-0: Pasha- Kennels'
Real Article beat : D. ; Toland's i Pleasant : Girl,"
5-0- Russell &' Allen's Rosie Clalr beat James
Connell's.Log Boy,' 3-0; Russell & Allen's Scot
land Yet beat A. Vanderberg's Naughty, Girl,
6-0'- E."M. '¦¦Whiteslde'B. -Greenback . beat'P.
Ste'lnhoff's Veto, 4-3; O.Zahl'a Homer Boy beat
A. . R. ' Curtis' ¦ Candelaria, ;; 4-1; •¦ Star Kennels'
Game >• Boy beat ¦ D. J. : Healey's ¦¦ Tapioca, 5-2; 1
P. Jackson's Honor Bright beat D. J. Healey's
Tiburon,-3-l; ( F: A.-McComb's Motto beat Sterl
& i Knowles 1 . OUta,, 2-0; t F. A". McComb's Firm
Fellow, beat < Star - Kennels' . Fontenoy, 4-2;w L.
M.Connell's, White Hat. beat J.' Hurley's O.'K.
Capitol, 4-0; . George :. i5harman's ¦ Black Flush
beat-L. F. Bartel's Best' Bargain, 4-0; E.
Geary's America beat A. R. Curtis' Echo, 6-1;
H^ A. Deckelman's Master Rocket beat P.
Doyle's Liberator,' 4-0; J.- J. Keenan's Lundin
I jinks beat Pasha . Kennels' Random Aim, 4-0:
P. M. Curtis' Anchor beat P. Doyle's Th*l
ma, 4-0. ¦ ' v ¦ ;, . .
B- : RIGADIER GENERAL. FRED
ERICK M. GRANT arrived yes
terday from Manila on the Sheri-
dan, after two years' service in
the Philippines. In the Palace Ho-
toi "corridor; yesterday, jj with .' his j military
cloak' thrown, over' his. 'shoulder and a
rough campaign ' hat on • his head, he
looked. the image' of his father— a soldier
from head to foot. . He is home on a short
LITTLE SISTER IS THE CHOICE, THE TALENT
FIGURING THAT McCOMB'S COURSER WILL WIN
and look up to him with admiration. He
is credited with never having ordered a
regiment' or "detachment of his division
. during the Philippine campaign on a haz
.irdous Journey without himself riding -at
tho head of his ., troops. - 3 -
"Yes, I am glad to get back," said he
yesterday. "I think that the Philippine
Islands are valuable possessions. I -was
never sick there a'day, and but few men
¦ of my command contracted any illness."
" "What do you think of Aguinaldo?" was
asked. ' - •* ':' ¦ <'
"I think that Agoiinaldo is a dead one."
he replied, "although his capture awak
'enod a. fresh interest in him among the
natives. They/ had begun to forget him.
and lose faith In his prowess. Now that
ho is captured I think that he should be
heavily lined for his treason to this coun
try and then released. He cannot do any
more harm."
• Captain Charles Fenton, who has been
General Grant's aid for several years,
serving with him in the Cuban campaign,
is also here. Ho has many thrilling
stories to tell of the severe service the
troops went through in the Philippines.
Brigadier General" John C. Bates also
arrived on the Sheridan and is at tho Pal
ace. He ?returns' to America to assume
charge of tho Department of the Missouri.
During the early part of the campaign
ho was severely criticized for signing a
treaty with the Sultan of Sulu. General
Bates decided that a treaty should be so
cured at any price. His action in tho
matter was exploited at great length in
•the newspapers and General Bates was
criticized. He claimed, however, that the
natives had many customs that would'be
hard to break up at that/ time without
i bloodshed. His policy was- practically in
dorsed by the administration.
General Ludlow, who was also granted
leave of absence and who was expected
. on the transport,' did not arrive. He will
probably come in on the next transport.
Generals Grant and Bates were enter
, tainedat.a dinner at the Bohemian Club
by Colopel George Stone last night. The
two officers will have an audience with
President McKinley to-day.
shell and 5®6c for hardshell: Peanuts. 5®6c
lor Extern? Brazil Nuts. H@U*c; Filberts.
12@l&c: Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts |3 E0@ O
HONET-Comb. 12@12tfc for bright and 11@
ilUc for liffht amber: water white extracted.
vMzkZ light amber extracted. 3%@4%cr dark^
BEESWAX-25@2Sc per lb.
¦ ; /: _ .... ¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦' .' '
Provisions.
"The market continues very quiet at previous
P CURED MEATS— Bacon.* 12c per lb for heavy.
ru{?13c for light medium. 13%c for light, 14V4c
for extra light, and latfc for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 13c: Mess Beef. $12 per
barrel- extra Mess, $12 60; Family, $11 60; prime
Mess -Pork. $15: extra, clear. $23; Mess $19;
Smoked Beef. 13%@Uc per lb
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and -10V4C- for .pure;, half -barrels, pure.
IWic: 10-lb tins. UUc; 5-lb tins. UHc.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 8%c; three
half-barrels, 8»ic; one tierce, 8%c; two tierces,
glic; five tierces, 8%C per lb.
Hides; Tallow, Wool and Hops.
All descriptions remain aa previously quoted.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%o under quotaions. Heavy Salted
Steers 10c; medium. 9c; light. 8©8%c: Cow
Hides' SV^c for heavy and 8%c tor light; Stags,
6Uc- Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal, 909V4c; Salted
Caff 10c; Dry Hides. 16c; Culls. 13%@14c; Dry
kid 16c- Dry Calf. 16O17c: Culls and Brands.
13®14c: Sheepskins, shearlings. 15fJ0c each;
short Wool. SO®SOc each; medium, 60®75c;- long
Wool 80c^$l each: Horse Hides, salt, $2 60 for
large "and $2@2 25 for medium. $1©1 25 for small
and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry $1 75 for
lar«re $1 25 for medium. $1 for small and 50c
for Colts Deerskins— Summer or red skins. 35c;
fall or medium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins,
20c Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
emooth. W>c; medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, tMc per lb; extra
fine Be-No. 2. 3&@4c; grease. 2@2V4c.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1W1— Humboldt and
Mendocino. 15@16c per lb: Northern, free. 12®
13c- defective. 9@llc: Middle County, free. 10®
llc : do defective. 8@10c; Southern, 12 months.
8&9c- Southern, free. 7 months, 7@10c; do, de
fective 7 months. 7®Sc; Oregon Valley, fine. 15
©16c- do medium and coarse. 14@13c; Oregon,
Eastern. 'choice. 12@14c; do, fair to good, 9@llc;
Nevada. 10@12c.
HOPS— 15@20c per lb.
San Krancisco Meat Market.
Hogs are weak at the decline, with holders
more inclined to. sell. Otherwise there is noth
ing new In the market.
BEEF— 7®7%c for Steers and 6@6%e per lb for
C °VEAL— Large. 7%@Sc: email. 8@9c per IT*
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%@8%c; Ewes, 7@7%c
Spring. 8%4©9c per pound.
PORK— Live Hogs. 180 lbs and under, «%c;
*1SO to 225 lbs, 6Hc: 225 and over, 5i&g6c; feed
ers ; dressed Hogs. 7^®3^c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln ! Bars, $5 65: Calcutta
Grain Bag«. 7@7%c; local make, %c less than
Calcutta* ; Wool Bags. S0@34c; Fleece Twine,
7%@8c. ¦ . ¦ ..
COAL— Wellington. . *9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle. *7; Bryant. $6 60; Coos
Bay, $3 BOj ¦Wallsend. $9; Co-operative Walla
end. $3: Cumberland. $12 In bulk and $13 25 hi
sacks- Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel $10 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$8 45 per 2000 pounds and $3 50 per ton, accord
ing to brand.
RICE— China, No. 2. $4® 4 05; No. 1, $4 65@5;
extra. J5 2O<§5 K>; Japanese. $4 75@5 50; Louisi
ana. $4® 6 50; Hawaiian, nominal.
OILS — California Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1.
75c; pure, $1 30: Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled.
75c; raw, -73c: cases; 5c more; Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels. 80c: cases. 85c: China
Nut. B3@63c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot Oil. bar
rels. 65c; cases. 70c; Sperm, pure. 65c; Whale
Oil, natural white. 37%«$42c per gallon; Fish
Oil in barrels. 35c; cases. 40c. ...
COAL, OIL— Coal Oil is half. a cent. lower all
around. Other descriptions are unchanged.
Water "White Coal Oil. • in bulk. 12'$c: Pearl
Oil, In cases. lSVic; Astral. ¦ 18V4c : Star, 18%c;
Extra Star, 22%c; Elaine, 23Hc; Eocene, 20%c;
deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk, 15c; In
cases, 21c: Benzine, In bulk. I4c; hi cases. 20c;
86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; cases, 26c
TURPENTINE— 65c per gallon in cases and
49c in drums or Iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Crushed, 6.25c; Powdered, 5.85c: Candy Gran
ulated.' 5.85c: Dry Granulated. 5.75c: Confec
tioners' A, 5.75c; Fruit Granulated, 5.75c; Mag
nolia A. 6.35c; Extra C. 6.25c; Uolden C. 5.15c:
barrels, '10c more; half-barrels. 25c more: boxes,
DOc more; 60-1 b bags, 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Doral
nos, half-barrels, 6.50c; boxes, 6.75c per lb.
TIGERS DEFEAT COLTTBOIA.
NEW YORK. May 18.— The athletes ot
Princeton and Columbia universities met
tb-day at the annual dual track and field
games at Columbia oval and the TIgera
won, scoring 64% points against SJtya for
Columbia. In the hammer throw De "Witt
of Princeton sent the missile a distance
of 136 feet 6 Inches. This beats the Inter
collegiate record of 154 feet 4V« Inches, held
by Plaw of California, but does not coma
near the collegiate record of 163 feet %
inch, which is also held by Plaw of Cal
ifornia. As the Californian Is not entered
for the inter-collesriate games which are
to take place on Friday and Saturday of
next week it looks now as if Do Witt
had this event at his mercy.
delinquent June 21, sale day July tL
Sales on the Producers' Oil Kxchansr« last
week amounted to 73.973 shares, valued at $24,
090. the leading sales being as follows: Giant.
1000 shares: Aetna, 1G0O; California-Standard,
27C0; Oil City. 10,000: Four. 1700; Reed, 1200;
Independence. 858S; Monarch. 2SX); Occidental,
2425; Petroleum Center, 35.CD4.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. May 1S-12 m.
. UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup. .113^114 4s qr cp (new).lSS 133
4s-ijaar.res....ll3mi4 3s quar coup. .133 110
-- a « * MISCELLANEOUS BONDa
Bay Co P Bs.'.KMH — * lOceanic S as. .102 102'4
Cal-st 5s. ...._117?ill8ii Omnibus R 63.12G —
C C. -Water 5s. — 110% P;ic G Imp 4s. — —
E3 L & P S»..12«Hi*fii Pk & C H 63..ir."» —
Fer & Cl R 6S.116 120 Pk & O R 6»..117 —
Geary-st 6a.... — — Powll-at R 6s. 120 —
H C & S 5%s.lO6% — Sac B G R 5s. — 100
Do 53 101 102 S F & SJVos.rWi —
Los Ansr R 63.1123(113 Hlerra Cal 6s.. — 108
L A Light 63. — 102 S P of A 6s
Do gntd 6s.. — 104 U903> ll^m'*
Do jmtd 5s. .100 102 O91C) — —
L A & Pac 5s. 102 — S P of C 6s
Do 1 c m Bs.101 — tt3C5>. ser A.HNtti — .
Market-st 6s... — 127*£ \ flM.'.). ser B.107^4 —
Do 1 c m 5s.l22U — (19C6) ..." 110 —
Nev Co R 7s.. — 113% (1912) — —
Nor R Cal 6s.. — 114U S P of Cal 1st
Do 5a — 119'i cp (mtd (f 63.10a —
Nor Pac C 6S.10O — S P Br Cal 6s.l34 —
Do Bs — 103% S V Water 6S.113 —
Nor Cal R 5s..ll3% — Do 4s 10:% —
Oak Gas 5s... .112 — Do 4s 3d m..lO2%103
Do Traa 6s.. — 117 Stktn Gas 6a.. 100 —
Do Wat 5s... 104 105
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 81Vi 83 I Spring Valley. S6% 87
Marln County; 53% — |
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & V... 3 — , Pacific Lt 42% 43^4
Equitable ZV» — Sacramento ... — —
Mutual 4% — &F O & E..... — 33
Oakland C0% 51 »an Francisco. 4 —
Pacific Imp.... — S6 Stockton 714— '
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fund.235 243 I
Anglo-Cal 73 80 * L P & A.. ....147 — :
California ....408 — Mer Ex (liq).. 1« — !
Cal Safe Dep.. — 109 S F National. — 13 •
First Nat 300% —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1390 — Sav & Loan... — — •'
Humboldt .... — — Security C73 — .
Mutual 50 — Union Trust. .1400 — ,i
San Francisco. 313 —
STREET RAILROADS. ;,
California 125 133 O S L & II.... 43 —
Geary 47% — Presidio — XX j
POWDER.
Giant 73 79 fVIgortt VA V& .
Hani TTi SU Kilauea 17% —
Hawaiian .... — 54 Makawell SS'-A 40 •
Honokaa 22 22% Onomea 20 13 \
Hutchinson ... 19% 20 Paauhau 26% — :
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. '
Alaska Pack..l25%126 Oceanic SS 44 —
Cal Fruit Can. 96 — Pac Aux F Al. 2 — '.
Cal Wine Asn. 90% — Pac C Borax.. 147 — '
Mer Ex 110 — Par Paint 16 —
Morning Session.
Board —
23 Alaska Packers* Assn 123 62%.
120 Contra Costa. Water 8100
23 Contra Costa Water 8125
SO Glent Powder Con 78 CO
225 Hana Plantation Co 8 00
S1O.0OO Hawaiian C & S Co 5 per ct bds.101 73
150 Honokaa. 22 00
100 Honokaa : 23 12%.
100 Market Street Railway 70 00
40 Mutual Electric Light 4 75 .
$1000 Oceanic S S bonds...* 102 <K»
250 Paauhau S P Co 25 50
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
100 Central Point Con 189
EOO Four OU Co 4»
2550 Petroleum Center 05
600 Petroleum Center CS
MINING STOCKS.
Th» following ¦were the sal»s In the San Fran
c'sco Stock and Exchange Beard yesterday:
Morning Session. Y.' L ;
200 Belcher M 2C0 Ophir 98
600 B«st & Belcher 25 200 Ophir 97
20dCon Cal & Va..2 30 2C« Ophir 9*
100 Gould & Curry. 12 200 Sierra Nevada. IS
100 Hale & Nor.... 22 2C0 Union Con 21
200 Hale & Nor.... "20 100 Union Con 20
SCO Mexican .. 1. , 20 1
The following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
1300 Bullion 03 5C0 Ophir 99
700 C C & Va..."...2 30 .450 Ophir 95
SW C C & Va 2 25 4CO OphJr M
200 C C & Va....2 32% 3C0 Ophir 1 0O
200 C C & Va....2 27% 6C0 Union Con 23
400 Gould & Curry. 12 500 Union Con 12
400 Mexican l'J
CLOSING 'QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, May 1S-12 m.
IJM.Ask. I 'Bid. Ask.
Alpha C2 03 [Justice 04 03
Alta 03 04 ; Kentuck :. — 03
Andes 06 07 Lady Wash Ct,. —
Belcher. :..- 07 09 Mexican 19 29
Best & Belcher. 25- 2tt Occidental ...'.. 03 M
Bullion C3 04 Opnir 88 1 00
Caledonia EO 54 Overman -13' lt
Challenge Con.. 10 11 Potosi 03 ©4,
Chollar ......... 05 OS . Savage .......... 12 , ia
Confldence ...:. 60 64 I Scorpion —V**4
Con Cal & Va..2 30 2 33 JSeff Belcher... 01 .03
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. 15 ! 1«
Con NewTork. — M Isilver Hill...:.. 34 35
Crown Point... 12 13 St Loul3 .08 —
Kureka Con ~C8 — istandard » Co 4 19
Exchequer ..... ~ 03 Syndicate ...... CG —
Gould & Curry. 11 13 Union Con...... 19 n
Hale ANor.... 20 21 Utah 0« OT
Julia ,. — 02 Yellow Jacket.. 17 U -
KeBMMnMnMwinBMaAa|
en called balls— San Francisco t. Sacramento
S. Left on bases— San Francisco S. Sacramento
3. 'Struck out— Pabst. . Hanlon, froll. Evans.
Double play— Evans to Nordyke. Time ot gaxao
—2 hours. Umpire— J. Donahue. Ofiicial scorer
— H. S. McFarlln. • .
OAKLAND IS THE WHTNEB.
Numerous Errors Less the Game for
¦ i . ;the Los Angeles Nine. V.j"-*-
LOS ANGELES. Jlay IS.— Errors in bunches
and lack of ability to hit Moskiman caused an
ignominious defeat for Lcs Angeles. Score:
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Broclthoff, rf 4 0 0 0 3 11
Kelly, ss 4 0 2 0 13 1
Hutchinson. lb 3 0.2 19 1 1
Householder,' cf :...•* 'ft 00 0 O 1
Spies, c 4 O 0 0 3 0 O
Reilly. 3b 4 0 10 4 2 1
Bowman, If. 3 0 0 0 2 10
Briseno. 2b 3 00 0 2 1 1
Hartwell. p" 3 0 0 0 0 1 X
Totals .....1.... ..32 0 S. 1 U 9 t
. . . , ,. .- . oakLand.
AB. It. BH. SB. PO. A, H.
Drennan.'cf ..; 4 0002 0 ©
. Streib.. lb- 3 .2 1. 0 11 1 •
Held, rf 3 3 2 » 3 0 0
Moskiman. p 3 1 0 0 1 J »
ArreUanes, 2b ...... 40 1 0 4 2-0
Dunleavy, If 3 0 2 110 0
Francks. es * 0 0 0 1 » 0
Moore, 3b ..3 0. 0 0 1 0 •
Adams, c i 0 0 0 3 0 •
Totals.. 81 1 6 1 17 U •
RUNS AND HIT3 BT INNINGS.
Los- Ansreies ...... 00 0 00000 0— •
Base hits...... 1 0 110 10 1 0—8
Oakland 30000102 *-«
•Base hits .... % S 000020 l*-4
SUMMARY.
Two-basa hits— Hutchtnson. Held. Sacriflc*
hits— Held, Moskiman. First base on errors-
Oakland 3. First base on called balls— Oakland
5, Los Angeles 2. Left on bases— Oakland 8.
Los Angeles 7. Struck out— Ey Hartwell 2.
by Moskiman 3. Hit by pitcher— Streib. Dou
ble play — Reilly to Briseno. Umpire — O*Con
nell. Time of same — One hour and forty-n"v«
minutes. Scorpr— '"•sfhrnan.
AB. R. BH. BB. PO. A. E-
Hildebrand, 1. f 4 0-2-020 0
Schwartz, 2b 4 00015 0
Krug. ss 4 0 1 0 3 5 0
Pabst. r. f S 0 1 0 10 0
Croll. c t.... 3 0 0 0 3 0 0
Nordyke, lb 4 0 0 0 16 0 T
Rellly, Sb 4 0 1 0 0 5 0
Graham, c 3 1 1 0 110
Evans, p .....3 0 0 0 1 1 0
1 Totals . 32 1 6 O »2S 17 1
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux. bs 4 1 0 0.1-3 0
McLaughlin. 1. f.... 4 1 1 13 0 0
Courtney, 2b 4 0 10 3 6 0
Doyle, r. f 5 0-2 0 2 0 1
McGucken, c. f 3 0 0 0 6 0 0
Hanlon. lb.. 4 0 3 0 11 0 0
Stanley, c... 4 0 1 0 o 3 0
Sheehan. 3b 3 0 1 ©010
Strlcklett. p. ...j» . J> J> ,_1 J> J. _0
Totals .............34 -2 8 2 30 14 ¦ 1
" 'One man out in tenth inning when winning
run . was scored. . ' . .
RUNS AND BASE HITS BT INNINGS.
San Francisco....... 00100 0 0 0 0 0-1
TinsA hits ...112010100 0—6
sa^e^to":::::::::.© 000000101-2
Base hits .:. 001010131 1—8
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Strlcklett- 1. § Evans 2.
Two-base hits-Graham. Sheehan. Rellly. Han
lonKrug. Sacrifice hits-Pabst McLaughlin
First bass on errors— Sacramento 1. First base
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued from Page Thirty-Five.
BAN FRANCISCO.
In a ten Inning game yesterday the Sen
ators for the third J consecutive time
brought the bitterness of defeat home. to
the local aggregation. The score was • 2
to'L. For seven long Innings Hanxmen
maintained a lead of one run, secured in
the third : inning, over the . visitors. Not
once had the Sacramentos been permitted
to cross. the plate on the. homeward jour-:
ney, and the fans commenced to think
that Uncle's heart would be gladdened by
a shut out. But the fatal . eighth Inning
blasted all their hopes. : . .
McLaughlln- started the trouble by. a hit
out into the left garden and stole second
by a very narrow margin. • ' He was ad
vanced to third | on a sacrifice hit to . the
pitcher by Courtney and was brought
home on Doyle's , speedy drive toward
short stop, which Evans attempted to
gather in but failed. In the ninth both
sides went out in one-two-three order. In
their part of the tenth. Inning , the local
men were unable to get past the first bag;
, When the Senators came to the bat in
the tenth Evans, who had been pitching
effective ball up to that - time, slowed
down and allowed J>evereaux to walk to
first. Through a sacrifice hit by McLaugh
lin Dovereaux reached secondhand Court
ney, who followed, was given first on call
ed balls. Doyle ended the agony of the
fans and added another game to the credit,
of the Senators by. driving a beautiful
base hit to left field and Devereaux came
In. The score:
Sacramento 2, San Francisco. 1.
Winning Run Is Made in the Tenth Inning
by Devereaux-— The Visitors Find Evans at
, Most Opportune Moment During Contest
HANXMEN LOSE ANOTHER
GAME TO THE SENATORS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 19; 1901.
General "Fred" Grant Thinks Aguihaldo Should Be, Fined and
Then Released, as He Does Not Consider Him^
gerous, the Natives Having Lost Their Faith in Him as a Leader
TWO PROMINENT ARMY OFFICERS
ARRIVE FROM THE PHILIPPINES
; .. .- . _ ™^ ¦ : • I - , *
leave ot absence. He Is In splendid health
"and says that he did not have a day's
sickness during the time he was away. •
General Grant Is considered one of the
most determined and energetic men wear
¦ ing. the shoulder straps of '< an officer In
the United States army. The men in his
] command have nicknamed him "Fred"-
29
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. NG TOY KEE
Hns Recently Removed
From 704 Sacramento St.
— \ 210 STOCKTON ST. -
[¦ Opp. Union Square.
k \ San Francisco, Cal.
Kf'^\ a Has recently established
f*^ Ti " le Tea and Herb Kanitar-
Vsr V ium in this city. All man-
OJ3f> .JT ner of disease, both exter-
i nal and internal, and all
X^r^^a^ manner of local disease
jttr JriSSm are skillfully treated with-
?33a '/5$W/*J °' Jt Performing any kind
**?; S^W^vtK ot operation whatever.
*iliffl»Sy Toothache cured free.
Office hours — 10-12 a. m.,
2-5 p. ra., 7-3 p. m. daily. Telephone Red 16C5.
SAJC FRANCISCO. May 6, tML
T>n. NG TOT KEE.
210 Stockton Et.
For twelve years I have been a sufferer from
r . cancer, and have had Beveral operations
performed by the most renowned physicians in
this State, and beinff informed that it was
incurable had civen up all hope when a like
t-ufferer whom you had cured advised me to
corsult ycu. I did *o, and am happy to say
that after five months' treatment I am entirely
oured. snd only too pleased to certify this to
any one who will call upon me. Yours truly,
XKLLJE WALDSTEIN'. 633 Golden Gate ave.
DR. NG TOY KEE,
210 STOCKTON' ST.. OPP. UNION SQUARE.
MILLBRAE. Cal.. Dec. 10. 1900.
Dear Sir: -For thirty years I have suffered so
that at times life felt almost unbearable. The
different physicians I consulted could give me
no relief, pronounced it a complication of kld-
nry troubles, etc. I was constantly feverish,
pain in my elde and had night sweats. I am
happy to say that with a month's treatment
snd your herb medicine I am to-day a well
woman. And take great pleasure in givlne this
testimonial and hope you publish it eo tho
public may know of your wonderful skill.
6lacerc j^' RS MAIUA BUBTERSLOH.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., Oct. 25. 1900.
DR. NG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton St.— Dear
Blr: I have been treated by other doctors for
my ctomach troubles, and all have failed, but
I finally called on you. and you. with your
skillful treatment, have cured me. I feel bet-
ter now than I have for years, and I will
gladly recommend you to any one. Yours truly,
C. H. COWCAT.
Brooklyn Hotel. Eaa Francisco. Cal.
After the F"ire!
P^LADD'S GUN STORE
Keopened at old number. 421 Kearny
street. Goods ellKhtly damaged by water .
and fire to be sold for thirty days at
Great Reduction. FISHING TACKLE and
SPOUTING GOODS of every description.
All new poods at special discount during
Mile. Highest cash price paid for raw
Furs. Send 3 cents tar postage of 100-
page Illustrated catalogue. .C ALEDOITIAiNSv HOITOE,
.PRESIDENT M'KINLEY
Chief Executive of the ITatlon Elected
an Honorary Member of
the Club.
The Calendonlan Club • held . a special
meeting Friday night, which was largely
attended.' President McKinley was elected
an honorary member of ; the "club,; and a
resolution of sympathy .for . him , in ' his
present affliction was • unanimously \ adopt
ed. A special committee .was appointed to
convey ¦ the actions ' of •¦' tho club ¦ to : the
President."' ' \. '. " ¦"' ' .-;..
After the meeting' adjourned, the games
saloon at the corner, of Sixth and Bran
nan streets, yesterday forenoon, three
men were wounded. One of them re
ceived injuries 'which may result fatally.
James Hayes and Morris Sullivan, fire
men on board the Centennial, residing at
546 First street, and Thomas Curran, a
woolsorter, residing at 727 Brannan street,
were drinking and chatting in the saloon
when a stranger entered and joined in
the conversation. A fight followed and
Curran seemed to be getting the worst
of it, when the bartender succeeded in
getting the men out on the sidewalk.
Then the row was renewed. .The strang
er ran Into an adjoining restaurant and
seizing a large bread knife, hurried back
to the sidewalk and attacked the three
men. Sullivan escaped with a cut on
the arm and a scratch on the . forehead,
while Curran .received two wounds, one
on the nose and the other on the side
of the head. Hayes came . in for - - the
worst of the assault, as he received a
knife wound on the left side. The blade
penetrated the lung and may cause his
death. Curran and Hayes were -provided
with beds In the- -Emergency , Hospital
after having. their wounds dressed, while
Sullivan was sent home after making a
statement of the occurrence to Captain
Splllane. The knife; wlelder- escaped. ;•
One of the Men Receives a Wound
Which, Surgeons Say May Prove
Fatal.
As the result of a dispute over Bom,e
trifling matter, which commenced , in a
STHANGEH USES A KNIFE
AND CUTS THREE FEIEUDS
Acquitted on Murder Charge."
Low Fook, who was charged with the
murder of Horn Yick at 731 Washington
street on the night of February 7. was ac
quitted by a Jury fin Judge Cook's court
yesterday morning, after being out only
about eight minutes. After the jury had
been discharged the Judge remarked that
there had be«n so much perjury by the
Chinese witnesses on both sides it was im
possible for any other verdict to be rend
ered. Attorneys Frank Gould and George
Pippy represented the defendant. .
Sue to Recover Taxes Paid.
Albert M. Rosenbaum has sued the city
and county to recover $323 44 taxes paid
under protest on the levy for the purchase
of the Park Panhandle extension. C. C.
Burr and others filed a similar suit to re
cover $108 61. .
PHILADELPHIA, May 18.-The country
home of Thomas B. Wanamaker, at
Mecdowbrook, Mountgomery County, was
struck by lightning . this morning and
destroyed. The loss Is estimated at-$500,
000. The house was adorned with valuable
paintings and bric-a-brac, all of which
were destroyed.
Wanamaker and his family were at th©
Philadelphia home at the time. A woman
care-taker and her child and a man ser
vant who were sleeping in the house nar-,
rowly escaped being burned to death.
The house waa of the colonial style and
was built in 182G. In Kize It rivaled a ho
tel. Its abutting wings contained scores
of bedrooms, a ballroom, banqueting hall,
library find picture gallery.
Tho pictures in the art gallery are an Ir
reparable loss. Their approximate value
Is $2uQ,0C0, and several of the paintings
were specimens of old masters. One alone,
a Vandyke of Charles I, cost Wanamaker
J43.000. There were also many other splen
did specimens of tho Dutch school, and
the modern school was represented by
some of the greatest masters.
Thomas Wanamaker's
Meadowbrpok Home
Destroyed.
and Mrs. LIchten, W. W. Richards, Ban
Francisco.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS-rTh© fol
lowing people have registered- dur
ing the past ; week: -R. R. Earle,
S. S. Simons, J. C. Qulnn, M.
Fitzpatrick, Mrs. P. A. -• Mahoney, M.'
Douglas Judah., Mrs. Frances Peck. Miss.
Ha/ienfeldt, T. J. Collins,' Mrs. M. Con
rady, Claus Spreckels and wife, Miss An
nie Brommed, Thomas McMahon, and
Henry Mullet, San Francisco; Mrs. A.
Armstrong, Oakland; Jacob Eberhardt,
Santa Clara; C. H. Hopkins and wife,
Santa Barbara; J. V. Lacey, J. B. Iver
son, Charles Francee, , Clarence Tynan,
Martin Wallace, George R. Butler and
wife, George W. Roadhouse, Salinas; -W.
C. Waters, Spreckels; Gerald M. Fennell,
L. T. Murray, New York City.
One of the most enjoyable social and
fraternal events which has ever occurred
in Monterey County -was the recent visit
of Salinas Lodge, No. 614, B. P. O. Elks,
to Brother Elk- Charles T. Romie, at his
delightful resort, Paralso Springs. On
Saturday, May 14, nearly. the entire mem
bership of the local lodge and a number
of visiting brothers,' accompanied by Row
ling's orchestra, took tho train for Sole
dad. At thl3 point they were met with
carriages and conducted to the Carlsbad
of America, Upon their arrival they were
cordially greeted by host Romie, who,
with his manager. Brother J. .O. Valpey,
devoted the remainder of th© day to show
ing the visitors the. beauties of tho place
and in every possible manner contributing
to their comfort and pleasure.
The festivities were formally opened on
Saturday evening by a grand ball at "the
pavilion. The music was furnished by the
visitors' orchestra: A large number of
ladles accompanied th© visiting Elks, and
the dancing . floor was crowded with gay
dancers and merry-makers until a late
hour. Sunday morning found the antlered
crowd In good splrita and with appetites
which mad© welcome the. barbecue which,
was scheduled for high noon. At this
function Brother Romio acted as chef and
general manager, and his • reputation in
this role is so well established by the hun
dreds of . past barbecues over which he
has presided that its entire success was
far from being a surprise. The menu con
sisted of barbecued calf, frljoles, chile con
came, salsa, tamales and Salinas burro.
¦Full justice was done to the generous
spread and the afternoon ¦ was spent in
viewing ¦ and admiring the beautiful
grounds, climbing Mussel Peak, sampling
the hot water, visiting among themselves
and getting up an appetite for the bulls
head dinner at 6:80 p. m. The necessary
heads had been abundantly supplied by
Brothers Sam Matthews and H. E. Ab
bott, and again the genial proprietor of
the "Hidden Paradise" superintended,
their preparation for human consumption.
After the last head had been stripped
toasts were fittingly responded to by
Brothers B. V. Sargent, J. J. Hebbron and
'others. Brother Hebbron was the last
speaker. He responded to the toast, "Our
Host," spoke feelingly of Brother Romie's
genial hospitality and genuine good fel
lowship and asked all to join in a bumper
to his long life and prosperity.
The boys ascertained that th© train
which was to return them to Salinas
would pass through* Soledad about 6
o'clock on Monday- morning and unani
mously declared that it was not worth
wbile to go to bed and they would sit up
and wait for it. The evening was prob
ably the liveliest that the springs ever
saw. Some of the visitors invented a war
cry of a peculiarly terrifying nature,-and
many of the brothers put in the night
practicing it. It was heard at Soledad.
The 6 o clock train on Monday morning
brought homo a tired and well-pleased
crowd.
JOHANNISBERG— Among the guests
who recently registered at Johannlsberg,
Oakville, Napa County, are: Mr. and Mrs.
Joseph Block, Miss Grace Block, Mr. and
Mrs. L. Robert Sulzberger, Sari Francis
co; Mr. and Mrs. Altwater, St.nHelena.
HOTEL GENEVA— The following guests
are registered at the Hotel Geneva: For
rest Robinson, ; Marion L. Smith, New
York; J. R. Bancroft, William T. Hodge.
Rochester. N. Y.; Henry Askin, East
Orange, N. Y.; Byron Stovall, Mrs. J. T.
Sullivan, Miss Annie M. Sullivan, John
W. Moore, Miss Fannie M. Bonny, Miss
Maud M. Bonny, Willard Brown and wife,
Miss J. Blake, Mrs. George D. Rice, Hen
ry B. Stivers, James Twomey, Andrew A.
Bruce, George W. Parker, Mrs. J. Col
lins, A. B. McCreery and valet, Samuel
Weaver, S. P. Anaton, San Francisco; M.
M. Martin, S. S. Jenkins. Oakland; A. B.
Hunter, San .Tese; Captain W. and Mrs.
Borrowe, Miss Constance Borrowe, Sausa
lito.
LIGHTNING RUINS
ART TREASURES
BRITISH READ
HAY'S PROPOSALS
Israel on Thursday evening, May 23. They
will receive on Saturday afternon, May 25.
At the Resorts.
NAPA SpDA SPRINGS— The : follow
ing guests registered here last week:
From San Francisco— Joseph GHentzlin
and family, E. Steinway, Mrs. Hugo,
Rothschild, Miss Rothschild. Mrs. E. P.
JDanforth, Mrs. A. H. Small, Miss A. L.
Wooster, C. H. Jackson. H. Rathjen and
i wife, F. E. Brett and wife. H. parson,
Adolph Meese, M. Brown, Bertha Maas,
M. Helnevetter, J. V. Cravotto, Mrs. Anna
H. Jackson, Mrs. Dr. Max Rothschild,
Raymond Jackson, E. F. Zalser, T. G.
Kenny, A. Feldenheimer, P. B. Len
festy. G. R, Nichols. Oakland— F. C Clift
and family, Arthur Mitchell. Mrs. M.
Searles and family, Miss J. B. Clift, Mrs.
William Clift. Napa— H. Grigsby, Miss L.
Struve, Miss D. Henry, O. Soldate, Ed.
Mathews, Maze C. Mather, Bernice
Thompson, Virginia. Dollarhide Rena
Johnston, L. E. Johnston, H. G. Thomp
son. H. B. Whitton. F. Welti and wife.
Mrs. J. F. Even, O. B. Drensike, u. Drake,
Mrs. M. H. Errington, William Voigt. H.
Grady and wife, Miss A. Gauthier. J.
Kimberlin. George Secord, Miss S. Lamb,
D. J. Swartz, J. C. Eakle, R. Garwood, A.
F. Grigsby, Samuel Owens, Captain £1.
Parsons, Joe Levinson, Charles Levlnson,
Mrs. Nettie Pickett. Mrs. T. Thompson, F.
Kenny, Miss B. M. Rider, F. L. Scott. San
Jo6e— Miss S. I* Trostman. Secramento —
A. J. Bradley. Stanford— O. P. Dildock.
Chile— Count D. La Poe.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS— W. B. Klnar,
th© railroad promoter, accompanied . by
Messrs. Donald Grant and F. W. Kimball,
prominent capitalists of Minneapolis, took
a leisurely trip through the county last
week, 'ooklng up the possibilities of a
railroad.
Mr. A. N. Jordan, tho well-known oil
expert of San Francisco, is here for a
month'B rest.
Mr. and Mrs. George R. Klbbe, who are
touring the county on foot, remained over
a few davs at Highlands.
Mrs. M. D. Brophy and Mrs. C. W. Hib
bard, wife of the editor of the Pastime,
are here for a few weeks.
Air. Agrell, a prominent ! merchant of
Middletown, accompanied by Mrs. N. P.
Olsen and Miss Kakeritz of Oakland and
Mrs. H. Olsen of San Francisco, are
spending a few weeks at the hotel.
¦ Mr. P. E. Haslett returned to the Springs
after a few days' business trip to the city.
Mrs. J. Thomsen and the Misses Thom
sen drove through here from Alameda and
engaged accommodations at the hotel for
June and July.
Kr. J. A. Klein of II. Campe & Son is
here for a few weeks' rest.
Never before in the history of the
Springs has there been so much enthusi
asm over tenpins as there is this year, and
there are some splendid players here. Mr.
Thomas C. Pinckney of Wells, Fargo &
Co.'s bank, San Francisco, is one of the
leaders. He made a score the other day^
of 220 in an eleht-handed game, with Mr.
A. N. Jordan a close/second.
A big stage load of guests spent Wednes
day at Soda Bay and on the lake in the
naphtha launches.
CAMP MEEKER— The following guests
registered at Camp Meeker last week:
F. E. Hills, F. J. Fisher, Mr. and Mrs.
William E. Shepman. Mr. Barnard and
family, Mrs. J. Steinberger and/ family,
Mr. and Mrs. Gunzendorfer and family,
J. M. Jones, Mrs. George Lezinsky, Miss
Ethel Cox, Mrs. Irene L. Cox, Mrs. M.. V.
Le Long, Irving Kinney, Mrs. Mary Sad
ler, Mrs. S. Hult. J. A. Hult. Mrs. J. C.
Mason, Miss E. J. Mason, Emil Graefe
necker, Mrs. H. E. Robinson. Mrs. M. A.
Sargent, Mr. and Mrs. J. 0. Crosscup,
Miss E. M. Burns, J. H. Wlttlch, Mr. and
Mrs. William Rigby Jr. and family, N. J.
Lansing and family, Miss Berenice Sco
ville, Mrs. M. E. Stccker, Mrs. S. B. Ir
vine, Charles M. White, Mrs. S. Gibbs.
Mrs. E. Corbett, F. W. Corbett. San Fran
cisco; J. McDowell, Mr. and Mrs. Aaron
J. Samuel and son, Oakland; F. H. Hahn,
Mrs. S. J. Loop. Mr. and Mrs. J. W.
Dickie, George D. Chamberlin. Alameda;
Mrs. G. Bunn, Mrs. V. Guide, Mrs. Joseph
Hoxle. Robert M. Jones, Mrs. F. L. Gil
bert, Mrs. W. N. Anderson, San Rafael;
Mr. and Mrs. George Hall, James Hall,
Robert Ross, Santa Rosa; F. Joseph Spen
cer, Mrs. Sarah Spencer, Frultvale; Mr.
and Mrs. H. Sottong, Minnesota.
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS-The
following guests registered here during
the r>ast week: Mrs. H. J. Curtaz and
children, Mr. and Mrs. R. Chartney,
Messrs. Chartney, Mr. and Mrs. Hallgar
ten, J. F. Forster. F. H. Abbott Jr., E.
L. Tin. Mr. and Mrs, J. A. Wolf, Mr. and
Mrs. William Gllmore, R. S. Kane, Mrs.
F. Dassonville. Frank Wage, Captain and '
Mrs. C. W. Reed, Miss Julia Rice, Mr.
SOCIETY ON VACATION
_ jIIT season at the resorts Is now
r~~** .- 'i n f U ii swing, and from the
n \ mountains, the seaside, the
( V * I lakes and the springs come re-
VN-W ports of days well filled with
J eport and pleasure.
No place this year Is prefer
red to another, and the proper thing
seems to be to visit as many -of the fash
ionable resorts as time and inclination will
allow.
The engagement Is announced of Miss
Sue Rittigsteln of this city and H. W.
Bernhelm of Napa. The wedding will take
place in the near future.
Mr. and Mrs. Ohlandt announce the en
gagement of their daughter Tillle to Al
fred S. Hammersmith,
Mr. and Mrs. Albert C. Alken have re
turned from an extended trip through
Monterey and other counties and are now
at home at 13S1 Pacific avenue. They vis
ited Del Monte, a number of the missions
and other places of interest, and mad© the
entire trip of several hundred miles in
their automobile..
Mrs. J. C. Cohen, wife of tha proprietor
and manager of the Honolulu Orpheum,
is on an extended visit to her parents, Mr.
end Mrs. J. C. Walker of Fresno.
Miss Josie E. Lawton is visiting her
friends. Mr. and Mrs. Bart I* Drisooll
<nee Bmma, Snlelds) at their beautiful
home near Watsonville. Sh© will remain
Eix weeks. • „ ,
Mrs. Max Abrams and family will leave
shortly for Alameda, wher© they will
epend their vacation,
A eociai meeting of the Daughters of
California Pioneers' Society will be held
in the parlor of Pioneer Hall to-morrow
afternoon at 3 o'clock. The following pro
gramme haa been prepared for the occa
sion: Instrumental solo, Miss Clara K.
Nolan; vocal solo, Miss May Shannon;
vocal 6o!o, ivllss Edna Smart; reading,
Mrs. Emeline Moreland North.
The annual excursion end picnic of the
Poris cf Vermont will be held at Fern
brook Park on Saturday. May 25.
The Saturday Night Whist Club met at
the residence of Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Peden
Jr.. 2520 Market street, en Saturday events
ing. May 11. The following members were
present: Mr. and Mrs. It. E. Fazacker
fey, Mr. and Mrs. Kugelberg, Mr. and
Mrs W. J. Peden Jr., Mr. and Mrs. Land
rrebe Mr. and Mrs. D. E. Murden, John
Jones and Miss Jones. The first prizes
wore won by Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Peden
Jr.; consolation by R. E. Fazackerley and
Mrs D. E. Murden.
Mr. and Mrs. M. A. Levingston an
nounce the confirmation of their daugh
ter, Bolle H. Levingston, at the Syna-
Kcpue Sherith Israel on Friday, May 24.
They will receive en Friday from 2 to 5
at their home, SIS Octavia street.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Gollober announce th©
confirmation of their daughter Flora,
which v.ill take place on Thursday even
ing at S o'clock at the Geary-street Syna
gogue. They will receive at their resl
dfnee, 557 McAllister street, on Sunday,
May 26. from 2 till 6 p. m.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Ehrlich announce the
confirmation of their daughter Lottie at
the Geary-street Temple on Thursday
evening. May T3. They will receive Sun
day. May 26, nom 2 to 5, at their resi
dence, 1150 Golden Gate avenue.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Coleman announce the
coniirmation of their daughter Cecelia at
the Synagogue Sherith Israel, Post and
Taylor streets, Friday. May 24. They will
receive Sunday from 2 to 5 at their resi
dence, 112 Second street.
Mrs. N. J. Franklin announces the con
firmation of her daughter Mabel at the
Geary-street Temple on May 23, at 7:30 p.
rn. Reception Sunday, May 28, from 2 to 5
p. m., at her residence, 1410 O'Farrell
Etreet.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Tuckner announce the
confirmation of their daughter Annie, to
take place on Thursday. May 23. at Con
gregation Beth Israel. They will hold a re
ception on Sunday, May 26, from 2 to 5
o'clock.
Mr. and Mrs. G. Scharry announce the
confirmation of their daughter Ida at the
Geary-street Temple on Thursday even-
Ing. May 23. They will receive Sunday,
May 2S. from 2 to 5, at their residence, 1445
Buchanan street-
Mr, and Mrs. M. Kochman will be
pleased to see their friends at the con
firmation of their daughter Hazel at the
Geary-street Temple on May 23. Recep
tion Sunday. May 26, from 2 to 5.
Mr. and Mrs. I. Friedman of 121 Russ
street announce the confirmation of their
daughter Sadie at the Congregation Beth
New Canal Treaty Sug
gestions Received
¦ in London.
WASHINGTON, May 18.— The papers
just received at the British Foreign Of
fice In reference to an isthmian canal
treaty are those forwarded - by Lord
Pauncefote about ten days ago. In au
thoritative quarters it i3 stated that these
consist mainly of a memorandum In
which Secretary Hay indicates on what
lines these should be drawn in order to
meet the views of the United States Sen
ators with whom he has conferred. This
concurs with the London view that the
paper covers the draft of proposals for a
treaty rather than a treaty Itself, for the
written memorandum is regarded as
chiefly tentative. With this paper before
them the British officials can readily per
ceive within what lines it will be neces
sary to frame a treaty in order to secure
its ratification by the . Senate.
LONDON. May 18.-The draft of Secre
tary Hay's proposals for a new Nicara
gua treaty were received from Lord
Pauncefote by tho last mail. It la a
voluminous document and Is being print
ed previous to examination and discus
sion. It is described as a redraft of the
Hay-Pauncefote treaty with what ap
pears from a casual perusal to be exten
sive annotations. Several weeks are like
ly to elapse before the Cabinet can com
mence its preliminary discussions. The
dispatches relative to tho possibility of
tho substitution of the Panama Isthmian
route are read with IntercstJn Downing
Etreet. • It is said that agents of the Pan
ama Company have not approached the
Hritlsh Government, but if the United
States should think it advisable to com
plete the Panama Canal tho decision
would be hailed with no little satisfaction
at the Foreign Ofllce as being an easy
way out of the present controversy. How
ever, the British officials are without any
accurate knowledge of the terms offered
by the Panama people and they incline to
the belief that iihancial and other differ
ences will probably prevent the United
States from adopting this solution of the
affair.
THE SAN -FRANcisCO--'-'^
committee met 'and' received ; reDo*ts from ,
the sub-committees conveying the inform-*
ation » that "all > the arrangements for -the
annual • games : to ' be • held ' at * Shell 1 ' Mound
Park on ; May 30 had been comdeted and
that there .was every prospect of the gath
ering being, the most successful in the his
tory, of the ; club." Tickets , for; the - "tent",
were :, distributed;- and the 'guests : . of the
club will be : entertained as usual in gen
uine-Highland fashion. ;,• There are forty
events on the programme,' two-thlrdi ; of
them being open to all comers. Competi
tors are'expectedifrom the East and from
points on the coast." - . ;
Cabaniss ; in Paternal : Bole.
Mrs. Katlo Znyewski, ?: a ; widow. living at*
Sulsun. called upon Judge Cabanlss with
her daughter, Pauline D. Lable a girl 16
years of age; Friday and asked for the ar
rest of Robert Nelson, a young man living
at. Nineteenth and Caatro> streets The
Judge sent a note. to Nelson. Nelson and
the g rl and her. mother met the Judge in
the CltyPrlson yesterday. The Judge had
a fatherly talk with Nelson, who agreed
to marry the girl, and they were sent to
the City Hall In charge of an officer. The
marriage license was procured and Juallce
of the Peace Long tied the knot. ' The itrl
hail been working as a domestic and met
Nelson at 'the Chutes, where he waa em
ployed. •
30
DERMATOLOGISTS. ,
Permanently remove superfluous hair and other
faclal blemishes with the electric needle with-
out pain or Bear. . Wrinkles removed with the
electric roller. Skin diseases cured. Freo de-
monstration of ability to make hair grow - on
bald heads. Hours 1 to 4 p. m. Evenings by
appointment. Donohoe bids.. 1170 Market 'St..
cor. Taylor, rooms 2S-29. S. F. Brahman Toilet
Cream, 60c; Brahman Tooth Powder. 23c. All
druggists. Large stock always at J. S. Potts'
Dnis Co.
Dr. & Mrs. TRAVERSE,
APyZBTISEIiIEXTS.
*?/£ It if perfectly digestible, which € 5
I/& lard » not. It is cleanly and free »
i from disease-taint to which swine, T
from which lard « made, are liable. \
Dyrpeptict can with impunity
cr.joy food made with it. It goei
i twice at far as lard or butter and is
therefore cheaper. \V«son'« Salad
Oil is fa greater ral ue than the finest
olive oil and has the «ame flavor.
Ask your friendly grocer to supply
£ you with Wesson's Oils.
i ROYAL
1 Worcester Corsets,
French
Urgi fe» jar Front
/^Si^*^?Pli^v Ful! Bias Gored
/ )£$^'r\X\ Sapphire and
i / X^§^ liM Bon Ton
| $i to $15 a pair
it aV /XwirV. Corset- Fitting
t M^Wm P<"-»ors.
ilj "~*~ Elee&nt a»«ort-
ln : a ' » ' ' "nent travelem*
li'ii 9 / t camples at half
CHESTER F. WRIGHT.
J 6CBARY6T.,cor. Kearny.
**''!/^* Medicated fr'S
l^W Complexion Powder o
m~ /*"_J tore and aoltori are never ehy f £
" /*-£?? w l>en • meld hut »be»nlifal com- ¦ •=zSt
2_V f' P'">°™. VOtTOZt'.'Kit UOt ITifTclT If 2£
S=3; M a toiict powder, it'i u *tin iooo. * J&
•* || Contain! no poisoin like so many i€X
*'¦ II cheap imitation! do. 6unplefree. J**'
J_ |H liox uOc. .!. A. l'orzoni Co. ? "rS
¦"•iS^Sj! l> koii» cr Xew York. 1 1|lS
.•.'/,.¦'-. s ¦..-•":¦ \> V : :*v-:-: '£ > ADVERTISEMENTS. ; ; ' "
H *<* W / / is her first letter pf
ill >/C Ad^S&fj^^C i—^v *Y>/~ tdP**'j!& d° wn or sitting in an easy chair. When I stand I suffer p|
H f t^ *^8*ilrar * £* V * D £ up ever b ein S a wel1 " vvoman 5 have become careless £§1
HI / ; rar ave a(^ several doctors, but they did me but little good. Mm
Ip? X ; fir ' jp^ recommended to me by a friend, and I have made up my mind £%3
i\ ; ; Mr ®' Plnkham's advice mas §9
1 \ promptly received fey Mrs. 1
| jk Watson and a few memttfas Safer W
H iWJPB^^^^^^^^H ¦¦ much better that r could walk tm ' ee times the distance that H
Mrs. Watson's tetters provo that Mrs. Pink- M
|^nffli^8^^Hra| ham's free advice is always forthcoming on M
J^BSXS^ml^^^BKKS^^^SS&^Sm rei" 05 * Qnsa ***** it is a surs guldo to health, £§J
Tiwse /©tors are but a drop in tho ocean of m
evidence proving that Lydia E. Pinhham's Vegc- M
F^^^^P^^^^^^^^^^- # %\Win tabi ° Compo " nd OURES in <* M* of women. fej
w "^^^^^^i suggests something else has no interest in mLATE INVENTOR OF STRAW
BURNING THRESHING EN
GINE.
¦ Elegant line of 'household furniture removed
to our . store for convenience of - sale. H.
Schellhaas' -corner ¦ store. Eleventh st.,' Oak
land. • / *.
OAKLAND, May 18.— James L. de
Fremery has sold his interest in the new
Physician's building, * on V Washington
street, near Thirteenth, .at a "figure reach
ing $1400 a foot, exclusive of the value of
the building.
Good Figure; on. Realty.
Mr. and Mrs. Will Price Jr. entertained a
number of their friends Thursday evening- at
tbelr home on Linden street. ¦ The occasion was
a farewell to Miss Laura Fenton. who leaves
next Monday for a prolonged visit In the Easti
accompanied by her aunt. Dr. Susan J: Fenton.
The evening at Mrs. Price's was a most en
joyable, one, several novel and anuialn? games
being introduced, ' for • which prizes were
Hugo Lauberand Max Webster being
the winners. The guests were: Miss Laura
Fenton. MIbs Effle -Shull, . Miss Adele-Shep
herd, Miss Helen Hart, Miss Carrie Reed, Miss
Edna Ford, Miss Stella . Emmons. Miss Clara.
Boardman and • Huro Lauber, 1 Max • Webster,
Charlie Lathrop, Dana Austin, Percy Har
denbergh, Elmer Hunt, Ed Renshaw and Harry
Keller. ¦;-¦.•.¦•¦¦ ¦ . -.. '
course next year. Mr. Decoto'g nami> Is- a
familiar one in college -athletic circles. . In
addition to his law studies he holds the position
of superintendent of the Oakland evening
schools. No date has been set for the wed
ding. ' ...
SOME RECENT EVENTS
IN OAKLAND SOCIETY
OAKLAND, May 18.— Mra J. 8. Jcnks was
the hostess at a luncheon to-day which was
given at her home on McClure street. The
rooms and table were decorated with pink
sweet peas. Places were laid for twelve.
The pupils of Miss Horton's school held a
reception this afternoon at the school on
Twelfth and Filbert streets. The apartments
were artistically decorated r and refreshments
were »erved.
The I^uncheon Club was entertained yester
day at Mrs. E. J. Cotton's cottage on Vernon
Heights. Plates -were laid for twelve. La
France roses and dainty tableware graced the
repast. The meetings are looked forward to
with pleasure, the latest books being read dur
ing the intervals for general discussion at the
assembly. -The members who were at Mr».
Cottrn'n luncheon yesterday are Mrs. \V. O.
Culltn. Mrs. Howard Bray, Mrs. M. Albright,
Mr3. Chambers of Alameda, Mrs. C. O. Hyde,
Mrs. William Angus. Mrs. C l-towningr, Mrs.
E. L. Dow, Mrs. Mattie Blankart, Mr*. D.
O. Proctor and Mrs. and Louise Allender.
The next meeting: will take place Friday at
Mrs. E. L. Dew's.
The engagement of Miss Neva Todd- Jarvis
and Ezra Decoto has been announced. Miss
Jarvis Is a daughter of Mrs. H. S. Jarvis of
East Oakland and is possessor of " unusual
musical ability. She is a graduate of the Oak
lend High School and also of the University of
California. Mr. Decoto is also a graduate of
Berkeley and is at present a student, at the
Hastings Law School and will complete : the
Death Due to Old Injury.
BERKELEY, May IS.— Ashley E. Hart
died suddenly this morning at 1 o'clock at
his residence, 1916 Falrview street/ Der*th
was due to heart. trouble, caused by a fall
about a year ago. He was -a native of
New: York aged - 4S ¦ years and leaves ; a
wife and; one, child.
H. "W. Carpentler to Allen I>. ¦Wilson, par
cel of land bounded N by right of way \v di
vision of Central i'arlflc Railroad as the same
existed and wa* used on May 29. lv/>, \v by
center lln* of Fifth nv«mie (or Strode (trcet).
as It would be If extender! S across the harbor
linn of ship channel. S by ship channel im!
10 by center line of Ninth avenua •¦ It woutil
bo If extended S to ship channel. Including
In part the premises dfirribed In decree quiet-
Inz title In ca«o of Maria Hall vs. James
r*ru» et al. and recorded in 213 O. 381, • etc..
V'.tiMt Oakland; $61. SCO.
Maria H. and William II. W'tldon to Union
Savins** Bank, lot on SW line of East Twenty
seconJ ctreet, 100 8 of Ea»t Tenth avenue,
SB On by SW 150. lots 13 and 14, block B-131.
Map of Brennan Batate Property, Kaat Oak
land; »13CD. .
. First National Bank of Oakland to Emma
C. Telller.' lot on NE corner of Alcatraa ave
nue and Salem street. N 129 by E 40. lot 3,
block 2. Ilerzog Tract. Oakland; $:t.">0.
George O., William H. and Bnnjamtn F.
Simmons to Louis and Alama Erlckson, lot on
B line of Fifth street, 230 S of Folsom. 8
SO by K 141. lot 2:. block (S. Tract B. Berke
ley Land and Town Improvement Association.
Berkeley; $300.
San Francisco Mutual Loan Association to
Emma C. Telller (wife of Peter), lot on E
line of Salenv street, 120 N of Alcatraz avenue.
N 40 by E ICO. lot 2, block 2. Herzotr Tract.
Oakland; $10. "
Samuel and Emma F. Heywood to William
and Marparet Cclby. all interest In lot on \V
line of Spruce street, 67 S of Rose. S 48 by
W 134:7, block 2. en T. M. Antisell'i Map of
Villa Lots.. : . Berkeley: $1500.
James Gamble. to Grace K. Sully, all Interest
In lot on N line of Parker street. 117.30 W of
Grove. \V 30 by N 129. 40. beliwi lot U, block
F. Crystal Spring Tract. Berkeley; tICO.
Lewis M. and Sarah E. Lloyd to H. H. Dob
bins, loft 19, block I?, Daley's Scenic Park
Tract, Berkeley; $iC0.
Frank and Rosa StudlKer to Frank Lamprey,
all Interest In the NE half of subdivision No.
3 of lot 47. Map of Syndicate Investment Com
pany's subdivision of lot 47, Bray Tract, Brook
lyn Township; $1300.
Horace D. ami Carrie M. Irwin and Charity
L. Rogers • to Home Investment Company < a
corporation), all Interest in following: Lots
23. 24 and 23, Berkeley Park Tract, Berkeley:
also lots 1 to 4, 8 to 18. map of blocks 3 and
4. Berkeley Park. .Berkeley: also lot 14. fclock
11. • Amended. Map Central Park. - AlcatrM e*r«
Newbury stations, Berkeley; $6000.
Alameda County.
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Woman's Auxiliary Annual Meeting.
ALAMEDA. May 18.— The woman's
Auxiliary Societies of the Episcopal faith
will hold the annual diocesan meeting this
year in Christ Church, the session to be
gin June 3 at 11 o'clock. The Right Rev.
Bishop Ford Nichols will preach. This la
the first time an auxiliary will be held In
Alameda. . '.""*.
1RVINGTON, May 18.— Anderson Acad
emy held its commencement exercises to
day, closing a successful year. Visitors
commented upon the beauty of the
grounds and buildings. The graduates
were Kenneth Gregory, All Schmidt,
Althutra Schulze. Edwin White. J. B.
Reddlck and Ja/nes McCollough Jr.
Anderson Academy's Class.
OAKLAND. May 18.-By the bulging of
timbers in the 400-foot level at the Tesla
coal mines I. Kadoma, a Japanese miner,
was crushed to death. He was working
on a coal car when the track sprung, and
the miner was caught and Jambed to
death between the car and the heavy
wooden structure. -The Coroner took
charge of the case. ,
Japanese Miner Killed.
f ; ; 1 : •*•
sfz^ AKLAND, May 18.-Harvey W.
fT Rice, the Haywards pioneer,
(L^ . whose invention of the straw
•}^^^ burning thfreaher engines revolu
tionized grain handling In Califor
nia, passed away yesterday at his Hay
wards residence after many months of
illness.
¦ In 1852 Mr. Rice went to the site of
Haywards, following closely upon William
Hayward, the founder of the town. Then
it was a portion of the great Spanish Cas
tro grant, that extended* from the hills to
the bay and over 'Which roamed great
herds of cattle, the property of the early
Spanish-Calif ornlans.
Education was a hobby of the deceased
pioneer, and he gave many years of ef
fort to the upbuilding of the public school
estimate. But that it should the evidence
leaves me no room for doubt.
Alvarado Plant to Be Considered.
It is shown that the property was acquired
to supply, and was and is used to supply, a
present, actual need for water. It was not
bought to anticipate a future want, but to
meet the exigencies of an Immediate, present
want. It was, at the time of its acquisition,
actually supplying needed water, and has since
continued so to do. It at the time of the
threatened water famine In Oakland the plaint
iff had Itself purchased lands In the artesian
belt, had developed a supply and brought it to
the city for purposes' of distribution, no one,
I think, would have questioned either the pru
dence, necessity or legality of the outlay. The
fact that it acquired an existing supply in
stead of developing a new one does not change
the legal aspect of tne matter. It had the
right to acquire this new supply, and the right
to have its value estimated In fixing rates. It
it shows, as I think it was unanswerably
shown, that the purchase waa to meet a pres
ent need of the consumers. The Alvarado
Esmt. therefore, Is to be considered In fixing
we value of plaintiff's properties.
Deems Expert Testimony Unreliable.
".Judge Hart flays he deemed, the city's
expert testimony as unreliable. He casts
out of consideration tho Pinole project
and the Roberts wells as possible sources
of supply. He grants the theory of the
water, company that It should be recom
pensed for dewTrioratlon of Its plant, say
ing:
Now, In addition to just compensation upon
thin sum of $7,000,000, certain Hxeii charges arc
to be allowed and provided for. Over the Jus
tice of this allowance there 1b no controversy.
These are operating expenses and taxes, as to
which It is shown that 3 per cent upon the
valuation la a fair and conservative allowance
In a prudently managed, going toncern. In
oddltlonlt is establlifced that loss by wear
and deterioration upon T>erlshable parts- of the
property amounts annually to two and a halt
(2V4) per cent of its value, or to about 1 percent
on the value of the whole. That this should
be allowed the decision In the San Diego case
fixes beyond debute. In the main opinion It Is
said: "With regard to the question of the de
preciation of the-plant by use It Is sufficient to
nay that • ordinary repairs should be charged
to current expense, and that substantial re
construction or replacement should be charged
to construction account." *»*#ikp ¦
An allowance of 1 per cent permits the accu
mulation of a fund for these indicated pur
poses. ". . . ..-.;.
As to Compensation.
The decision upon. the question of com
pensation follows in part:
In the case of plaintiff it Is certainly not a
remote contingency that the artesian supply
may lessen and fail, while the breaking of
the dam would sweep away all values In the
rush of the waters.- ¦
That such things may happen, the Johnstown
flood Is .' an ', e\-er-present reminder. Finally,
there is the added hazard that a hostile govern
ing board may - declare unremunerative and
conflscatory ! rates, thus entailing loss, expense
and^protracted migration in the establishment
of vested rights. '
: i But> it Is argued by the learned counsel for
defendants that . this Is ™o ¦ say that the law
itself is a menace.- Not, so!' It Is but ¦ the
recognition of a fact unfortunately established
in the case i at bar,- not that the law itself is
a menace, .but that • the officers of the law,
charged with' its just ; and legal ' execution, , do
themselves - at w times, , : through ' ignorance or
prejudice, - become \ the instruments of ¦ oppres
sion, i'- ¦'. ;"':>•'- : ; ¦ ; ' ¦ '¦ - ' " ' ¦
.••These, -then, are Bome.of the most apparent
difficulties and risks which beset business ven
tures . such as this. \.- In consideration of , them,'
what." rate' of interest will form the basis ot
a fair return ? ¦ The basis I say, for ; it by . no
ii ''mi si Mi|>Ji hi ipiwnTfiirniliHinijff" »~wiirirtm)fTi i'i ii nfj ¦ n ¦iiiV'iM phP n"' ¦¦him
During the afternoon a programme was
rendered by the following named: Miss
Constance Todhunter, violinist; Mrs. Per
ham Nahl, vocalist; Miss Myrtle Fisher,
pianist: Miss Ruth Hazel Perkins, recita
tive; Master Philip Taylor, drum: Miss
Lucy Bates, mandolin; Miss Florence
Boyle," guitar; Miss Nonle Dodd. violinist;
Miss Helen Chapman, vocalist; Miss
Treasure Heister. pianist: Mra. Ralph- E!
ster, reading: Louis Jacob], vocalist:
Mrs. J. D. Spencer, recitative: Oliver
Gresham. trombone; Frederick Gresham.
cornet; Mrs. Gresham. piano; Miss Helen
Swayne, vocalist. The accompanists were
Miss Helen Dodd, Miss Irma Taylor and
Miss Helen Cohen.
ALAMEDA. May 18.— The fete in the
Thompson grounds this afternoon for the
benefit of the Boys' Assembly was a great
success financially, and the lady managers
were consequently .elated. All afternoon
the gayly dressed crowd cam? and went
and bought the thing3 on sale. There
were eight tented booths, each attended
by a bevy of young society women.
Benefit for Boys' Assembly.
President . DIngee of the Contra Costa
Water Company said the decision would
in no wise affect - the . company's ¦ proposi
tion to rebate this year's water bills %,
When informed that ¦ the decision gave
the water company a valuation of $7,000,
000-, Mayor Barstow exclaimed: "God help
us if such a figure shall stand. It might
as well be $15,000,000." .
Judge Robert Y. Hayne, who conducted
the case for the city, will have charge of
the appeal, unless the City Council shall
dismiss him and, in the. event of direct-
Ing an appeal, throw the case into City
Attorney Johnson's hands. That official
has declared his opposition to the dismis
sal of Attorney Hayne > upon the ground
that Judge Hayne had full knowledge of
every phase of the case.
Th« trial of this case occupied many months;
the arsuments of counsel consumed many days.
Upon seme matter* the evidence is In sharp
conflict. Upon the law applicable to the facts
the; conflict of opinion between the learned at
torneys ha* often been equally sharp. Doth
¦Idea have nuked for a speedy determination of
the cause, and I am myself of the opinion that
a prompt decision, at the cost of detailed dlscua
slon. Is of more consequence than a Ions de
layed one to the end that npon all these mat
ters I may ftxpress my views.
Stllr It ii with reluctance that -I have been
compelled to omit an elaborate consideration of
the conflicting- evidence, and to limit my utter
ances upon these matters to. a bare statement
of the conclusion that I have reached. My views
on the law, however, 1 1 have given in extenso.
They are the results of earnest study of an ex
ceedingly complicated question. But In finally
disposing of the matter there Is comfort In the
knowledge 'that any errors in those views will
be corrected by an appellate tribunal.
And Mayor Cries, "God "Help Us!"
In any event, therefore, the rates - fixed , are
unjust, unreasonable, unfair and 'must be set
aside. ?
If a private debtor must pay 7 per cent, why
should not the State. In regulating the profits
of a business so beset with hazards, be ex
pected to make like compensation?
I can nee no Just reason, and therefore con
clude that 7 per cent Is a reasonable basis of
return upon which to fix rates. Measured by
this test, the rates -under consideration cannot
for a moment be eupported. They would yield
under full collections but a trifle over 2 per
cent upon the valuation found. And even if 7
per cent could be held to be excessive, no one
would have the temerity to as*ert that a rate
of Interest lower than that at which the United
Statea . Government ltnelf can borrow money
upon the security of Its great wealth and of
the permanency of our national life. 1* a fair
rate of return upon an investment like this.
Seven Per Cent Reasonable Basis.
means follows that a 5 or 6 or 7 per cent rate
gives them equal return by way of profit, since
in this, as in every business, piere is still
the added factor of bad debts and failure in
collection. Even municipalities themselves
are not always to be relied on for the pay
ment of their water bills under the rates they
have established. It has been decreed by the
State that a private debtor shall pay to his
creditor 7 per cent per annum for the use of
money. Is there< *iny reason why. In -the ab
sence of an express statute to ¦ the contrary,
the • same percentage will not afford a Just
basis for the measure of the State's return
for its use of plaintiff's money?
As the promoter and original manufac
turer of the straw-burner Mr. Rice at
tained a prominence throughout Califor
nia and the entire Pacific Coast. "When
he began the manufacture of engines
rancher* had been compelled to use wood
and coal, an expensive process, leaving
the threshed straw almost clear waste.
Having solved the problem, Mr. Rice es
tablished a large factory In Haywards,
the output of which numbered many hun
dreds of engines
His business increased so rapidly that
he subsequently moved hi3 shops to San
Francisco. The factory was burned sev
eral years ago.
The deceased pioneer had been an In
valid for several years. A wife and three
children. Harvey "W. Rice Jr. of Haywards
and Arthur "W. and Miss Hattie Rice of
Honolulu, survive.
Mr. Rice was a native of New York,* 68
year3 of age. He was a member of Euca
lyptus Lodge of Masons at Haywards,
which will have charge of the funeral
services, that will be held Monday after
noon, at 1 o'clock from the family resi
dence. The Interment will be in Lone
Tree Cemetery, which the deceased as
sisted in establishing many years ago as
a beautiful resting place for the remains
of the departed.
system in, Alameda County. He was one
of the first trustees of Laurel school dis
trict and was the founder of one of the
first grammar schools established in Cali
fornia.
STEANOE PREMONITION" OF
STUDENT COMES TRUE
*
Kept Letter Three Weeks and Then
Opened It to Learn of Broth
er's Death.
BERKELEY, May 18.— Through a pre
monition that a letter from hi* home In
Buenos Ayres, Argentine, contained til
news, Charles S. Rcsslg, a freshman stu
dent at the University of California, car
ried the unopened envelope in his pocket
for three weeks. When read tho letter
contained the news of tho death of hi*
brother.
Three weeks ago and Just previous to
the final examinations at college, young
Resslg received a letter from his parents.
A warning fear told him that It bore 111
tidings of an import terrible but unknown
to him. He dared not open it. He teared
that news of misfortune in bis home
would cause failure In his examinations
and a disastrous ending of hla year's
work. So he waited throughout hla exam
inations, throughout commencement week
and until he had packed his things ready
to leave the State. Then he opened the
letter; his only brother was dead.
Ressig came here last August. He could
speak but little ETngliah, but commenced
his studies in the college of agriculture
and rapidly gained a knowledge of the
English language. He started East last
night and will spend his vacation with
friends there. He ¦will not return to his
home until he has completed his univer
sity course three years from now. " . ¦•
In the sanctuary will be the Rev.
Fathers King, Morrison and Nolan of the
Church of the Immaculate Conception,
the Revi J. B. McNally of St. Patrick^.
th<» Rer. Father Berda' of the Sacred
Heart, the Rev. Father Foley of Ala
meda, the Rev. Father Heslln of Golden
Gate, the Rev. Father Cranwell of Bt.
Mary's College, the Rev. Father O'Ma
honey of San Ix*andro. the Rev Fath
ers J, B. McNally Jr., Kerney, Cull and
Butler of St. Francla de Sales: the Rev.
Fathers Riordan and Fraught of the
Sacred Heart and the Rev. Father Cant
well of Berkeley.
Archbishop Riordan will deliver the ser
mon on the significance, nnd purpose of
tho sacrament.
Archbishop Riordan 1 will be assisted In
administering the sacrament of confirm
ation by the Rev. Thomas Mc8weeney,
pastor of the church, and by his secre
tary, the Rev. Father Mulligan of San
Francisco.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 13.
Archbishop Rlor*dan will confirm 250
candidates— boys, girls and adults— at St.
Francis de Sales Church to-morrow af
ternoon. Th9 confirmation ceremonies
will include the benediction of the blessed
sacrament usually celebrated at 7:30 on
Sunday evening 1 , so that there will be no
services at St. Francis de Sales to-mor
row night.
Imposing Celebration of the
Rite at St. Francis
'vrw^ e Sales.
Archbishop Riordan to
Confirm* Class of
Candidates.
MANY SEEK FOLD
OF THE CHURCH
So far as the ordinance attacked is con
cerned, Judge • Hart finds that it wa3
passed without sufficient investigation en
the part of the Councilmen. and he quotes
from a lot of published newspaper inter
views which were, introduced In evidence
by the water company. to sustain his de
ductions on that point. The opinion also
holds that the rates as fixed were not suf
ficient to ¦ return a fair revenue to\ the
water company. "
The decision is a very lengthy pno, a
large portion of. which is consumed ia-a
discussion of the interviews noted.
, The Question of Appeal.
" The question of an appeal is the next
consideration; - and this lies with the Citv
Council 'to say whether the Supreme
Court shall be called upon to pass upon
the decision which will vastly Increase tne
revenue of the water company (n this city.
Judge Hart lays down the following five
propositions at the outset of the decision:
First— Did defendant *nd its officers, in the
matter of takings evidence before fixing the
rates, give or offer to give plaintiff a reason
able opportunity to be heard, to Introduce its
evidence and to overcome, if necessary, the
evidence' introduced against It? ~
Second— If the defendant and its officers did
not do bo was plaintiff injured by this failure,
refusal or neglect of the municipality, and, as
bearing upon this. 1
Third— What was the value of the, property
of the Contra Costa Water Company for rate
fixing purposes at the time when the Council
fixed the rates; and
Fourth— What is "a just and reasonable com
pensation" upon such determined value within
the meaning of the law; and Anally •
Fifth— What may a court of equity do in ad
ministering Justice between such parties llti
eant Matter of Bate Fixing.
The court" then takes up the matter of
rate fixing bathe Council and elaborates
with much ¦(retail upon the testimony of
the Councilmen and quoting at much
length from the newspaer interviews. His
general comment follows:
It may be said in a general way that the
testimony of the members of the Council, other
than those composing the Fire and Water Com
mittee clearly shows that they had not even
gone to the extent of investigating the evi
dence upon which the committee acted, but
accented the report of- said committee for the
reason as someof the Councilmen stated, that
they had absolute confidence In the honesty and
good' faith of the Fire and Water Committee.
On the subject of the. interviews Judge
Hart says: '¦•; • ,' ;
. Various members of the Council gave _ ex
pression in authorized interviews, published In
the public prints, and. proved upon the trial,
of the nature of the work they had performed
and the care they had displayed in dealing
wtth this impbrtant question. These Inter
views shed an effulgent, light upon the mat
ter, and to my mind are determinative of thl3
controverted fact. It is to be remembered
that they were given forth freely, not- under
Pressure of a«ack, and it will be noted that
the inentalattltude of the . Councilmen Is one
of strong self-congratulation over their mode
of performance of this quasi-Judicial function.
Attacks the Investigators.
Then with free quotations^ his Honor
afida;- '. ¦-¦-¦.¦'¦
Cam it be said, from this testimony, coming
as It Wr from the very mouths of the public
officials themselves, Invested with the solemn
ami sacred duty of passing, upon the property
riehts ofcltliens.- that such an Investigation In
which each for himself engaged in the business
of going about here, there and everywhere^ for
the purpose of gathering '•Information, data
and recommendations" which, In 1 the,lanRuage
"*h7wt Wanted by the. Fire anj 1 Water
Committee., "would serve in the drafting of the
ordinance Which could be presented as the Joint
product of the entire committee," is one which
would iih Is declared, in the Han Diego cane It
should have tho opportunity to do. enable 'the
plaintiff company to present testimony exp aln-
Ing or overcoming the evidence thus. obtained,
and upon which the Council ultimately acted?
Considering that this Investigation and deter
mination Impose upon the Council duties of -a
hlfrh Judicial nature, comment upon the wayjn
which they performed those duties Is superflu
ous I shall only say ' that the concern of all
these Judicial Inquirers, save one; was not ."Did
we act Justly In the. matter?" but was solely.
"Did we cut deep enough to satisfy tho;peo»
pie?" ;.;•¦-; ¦;. ¦• '. , • .¦ v •¦ ¦' ¦ . •¦¦ '.....¦
Says - Bates -Were : Arbitrarily Fixed.
But one- conclusion •> upon "this I matter -'can,
therefore, bo reached:, The rates were fixed ar
bitrarily without a hearing or an opportunity
for a hearing to plaintiff ;• fixed upon no evl*
dence or upon evidence inadequate. Insufficient
and undeserving of the -name; fixed without re
gard to the actual value of the property or serv
ice* fixed upon a predetermination of the ma
jority to make a horizontal cut in existing
rates,' regardless' of the reasonableness or ¦un
reasonableness of such reduction.". , .
"But. notwithstanding these facts, which are
so ' glaringly apparent, • It is nevertheless true
that If 'the rates, even \ thus .arbitrarily fixed, .
afforded a fair and Just compensation to plain
tiff. It has 1 no , substantial grievance, and may
hot be heard to complain. - , •¦ : ¦ •¦•..:-¦, ; ;.
,¦ I am thus brought to a consideration of prop
pusitlons two and three:. What" waa the value
of- plaintiff's property -for rate-flxlng purposes,
and did", the prescribed rate afford "a, fair and
Just compensation upon that value? -.v * •' :
• 'In. the light of the utterances of our Supreme
Court: in the San - Dlsso ? case I" have experi
enced,-no 'difficulty -in- ¦ determining what of
the , properties ef > plaintiff should be thus . con
sidered. They are the properties now. actually
employed in - the : collection and distribution • of
water, not those '.which •. in v the future may ' be
useful for this purpose, nor yet : those . which sin
the "'past- have been so-" employed- but'-: whose
usefulness ha3 ceased. ; The principal difference
here * between counsel,, asldej. from; their differ
ence on values, is over the question of, whether
or not. the'artesian- BUpply, ¦ with ; its operating
plant, „ acquired by ¦plaintiff ; from ¦. the Oakland
* x .-,.-.*¦ _ . r ¦ ¦ . - - . . . I
Without entering: Into « minute discussion of
the evMence, 1 nnd, after a most careful and
painstaking eon*l<lerntlon of the record, that
thfi value of the combined properties of plain
tiff now and at the time of the commencement
of this action, actually and necessarily used I by
It In the conduct of the business of collecting
and BUppIyln* water to the city of Oakland
and its inhabitants, to be In round numbers.
$7,000,000. This Includes the San Leandrrt
L«ke as a source of water supply, and the
necessary structures appurtenant thereto, the
construction work of the old Contra Costa
system other than San Leandro Lake, the Al
varado plant, and the clement of going or
established business.
Regarding the Valuation.
The decision as bearing upon tho valu
ation reads:
Superior Judge E. C. Hart of Sacra
mento handed down a decision In the
water-rates suit to-day that gives the
Contra Costa Water Company a complete
victory, every issue being decided in
favor of that corporation as against the
city. The valuation put upon the com
bined plants is $7,000,000, and his Honor
fixes 7 per cent net income as a fair.re
turn upon that valuation. The water
rate ordinance of 1899-1901 is declared to
ba invalid and the absorption of the Oak
land Water Company and the old Contra
Costii Water Company is held to have
been legal, the former plant at Alvarado
being declared necessary to the supply of
water to Oakland. /
If the decision shall Btand the brunt of
a Supreme Court review tho ruto payers
of Oakland will bo compelled to pay
double /what Is now being charged. The
valuation- placed upon tho works under
tne ordinance which the company is ub-
Ing won about H.GOO.OOO, with 5 per cent
net " return. It is estimated that under
Judge Hart's decision a gross return of
10 per cent on $7,000,000 will bo allowed,
tho 3, per cent covering operating and
construction expenses, 'taxes and Interest
nnd deterioration. The Contra Costa Water
Company combined l» capitalized for $9,
000.000, equally divided between stock and
J AufiouRh tho water company sued for
a valuation of $8,600,000. rjono of their ex
pert engineer* in testifying came within
$1,000,000 of that figure.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 18.
Property Is Worth
$7,000,000.
Superior Judge Hart Says the
City Loses Every Point
in the Fight Over
* Rates. .
WATER COMPANY
WINS ITS CASE
STRAW-BURNING ENGINE
INVENTOR PASSES AWAY
Harvey W. Rice, Pioneer Resident of. Hay
wards and Prominent Mason, Who Made
Education One of His Hobbies, Is No More
HAPPY SCENES ATTEND LAUNCHING
OF FIRST SHIP BUILT IN OAKLAND
Amid the Cheers of Thousands and Shrill Screams of Sirens and
-Steam Whistles the Pretty Four-Masted Bark Lahaina Slips
Gently Down the Ways and Glides Into the Peaceful Estuary
'." — • : •»*
Everdlngr, Mr. and Mrs. J. D. McKee, Mr.
and Mrs. W. S. Davis, Mr. and Mrs. A. E.
Wellington, Mr. and Mrs. George Wellington,'
Ceorse Sargent, Bert Davis, Mr. and Mrs.
Rolker, Cantaln and Mrs. Hamlet, Mr. and
Mrs. William Nlcol, Mr. . and Mrs. W. p.
Smith. Mrs. W. E. Rudolph,- Miss Vadle Ru
dolph, George Hind, Miss Nellie Hind, , Ronald
Rolph, Mrs. W. H. Fownes, the Misses Cot
trell, Mrs. Genie Reid, Mrs. C. W. Hazeltlne,
Mrs. William Balnaves, the Misses. Nicol,
Miss Susan McEwen, James P. Taylor,^Pest
master W. II. Friend, George W. Howell, Mr.
and Mrs. Cralsie Sharp, Frank K." Mott, ex-
Mayor W. R. Davis, Mr. and Mrs. James A.
Webeter, Sol Kahn, Miss Dunham, C. E.
Lloyd, Fred M. Husted, Joseph Plaw, the
Misses riaw, Mr. and Mrs. T. W. Ward, Mrs.
L, Nellson, Miss' Gallagher, Mr. and Mrs.
Richard Cassldy,. Miss Jaquelln Moore, Mr.
and ' Mrs. Handley, Miss Jennie Gay, Miss
luxurious in their appointment.
The social side of the affair was on the
decks of the Lahaina, which were crowd
ed with guests whom the owners and
builders of the new vessel had Invited to
be present. Many prominent Oaklanders
were in the launching party, and as the
fhip moved slowly out of the ways the
gay gowns of the ladies on board and the
numerous Hags and pennantB fluttering
gaily in the breezes formed a pretty pic
ture.
Miss Lilla Boole was attired in a blue
and white foulard, trimmed with lace. A
large white hat with pink roses completed
her very becoming costume.
Among those on board during the
launching were:
Mr. and Mr*. W. A. Boole. Miss Lilla Boole,
Mr. and Mrs. G. M. Koiph. James Rolph Sr.,
SCENES ATTENDING THE LAUNCHING OF THE BARK LAHAINA, THE
FIRST VESSEL BUILT IN OAKLAND, AND THE SUBSEQUENT
CHRISTENING BY THE PRETTY DAUGHTER OF. THE BUILDER. '
'tnei Ttolph Jr., Miss Bessie Rolph, Miss
tllldred T. Rolph, Mrs. George I-aw Smith,
U!f« Jennie Qovan of Sacramento, Mies Elea
Ethel Lynn, W.P. Courtney, A.- W. Bishop,
P. F. Struckman, Miss Irene Billings and W.
N. Cowan. . , '•
OAKLAND. May lS.-Shortly after
the mighty Ohio slid from the
ways at the Union Iron "Works
to-day a similar event, of happy
augury for Oakland's future, the
launching of the first home-built vessel,
took place at W. A. Boole & Son's shlp
>ard, at the foot of Adeline street. When
Miss Lilla Boole broke a bottle of Califor
nia champagne over the vessel's bow and
pronounced the words, "I christen ' thee
Lahaina" Ehe was cheered from pier and
shore and waiting steamers by thousands
of spectators, among whom were the
members of the Oakland Board of Trade,
the Merchants' Exchange, the City Coun
cil and other city officials and invited
guests, including many people prominent
in Oakland and San Francisco society.
No launching could have been prettier.
Many San Francisco guests came direct
from the launching of the Ohio on the
steamers from which they witnessed the
ceremonies at the Union Iron Works. At
1:46 o'clock a blow from a sledge split the
last block impeding the Lahaina' s passage
to her bridal, and she slipped noiselessly
down the ways while the hundreds of
people on her decks responded to the
cheers of the Thousands below. Then as
the glided out on the estuary the Blrens
and whistles on all sides screamed a stri
dent welcome.
Btiilt for Oriental Trade.
Oakland may well be proud of her first
EhJp, for she 1b the largest of her class
on the coast.
The Lahalna was built for Hind, Rolph
& Co. for the Oriental trade. She is a
four-masted bark, entire of 1200 tons bur
den, 245 feet in length, 41.6 feet beam and
is equipped with eteam hoisting gear, in
cluding anchor hoist and Bail-setting ap
paratus. On her first trip she will take
1,400,000 feet of lumber from Pugot "Round
to China. She will be commanded by Cap
tain N. T. Carlson, formerly of the ship
Muriel.
The keel of a Bister ship to the Lahaina
will be laid immediately by the Bootes.
Scenic and Dramatic Production of
Theee ships, the largest in the fleet of
their owners, will afford unusually com
modious and comfortable quarters for
their men. while aft the cabins arc to bo
"QUO VADIS" TO SE )
REPEATED AT DEWEY
the Famous Tragedy Beady for
Another Presentation.
OAKLAND, May 18.— The unprecedented
success which the recent production of
"Quo Vadis" attained at the Dewey Thea
ter has led Manager Stevens to give a re
vival of the celebrated drama. Beginning
Monday evening the scenic tragedy will
be reproduced, with augmented cast and
aaaitlonal stage setting.
Licensed to Wed.
OAKLAND, May 18.— Marria'se licenses
•were Issued at the County Clerk's oKice
to-day to the following: Joao C. Estev^a.
of Oakland, aged 28, to marry Maria Or
rela of Oakland, aged 13; Frank M. Voll
wer of San Francisco, aged 38. to marry
Frances D. Forsyth or San Francisco,
aged 37; William W. Grove of San Fian
cisco, aged 21, to marry Marv F. Owens
of San Francisco, aged 18; Frank Tlmmer
man of San Francisco, aged 34, to marry
Maria Hill of Ban Francisco, aged 28.
Berkeley Paper Sold.
BERKELEY. May 18.— F. W. Richard
son, former editor an'd manasrer of the
San Bernardino Times-Index, has pur
chased a controlling interest in the Berke
ley Daily Gazette. New directors have
been elected as follows: F. \Y. Jllchard-
Bori. general manager; J. L. Barker. 12. II.
Webb, Victor Robertson and J. C Arnold
There- will be no change in the stalf at
present
OAKLAND ALAMEDA COUNTY BARKLEY
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 19, 1901.
» ¦• ¦»
31THE SAN FRANCISCO CALt, SUNDAY,/ MAJT 19,; 1901.
32
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
ur.tll 12 o'clock every ntirht in the year.
.BRANCH OFWCE8-6JI Montgomery street,
rm-n»«r Clay: epen uulil P:30 p. ni.
."00 Ha.veF street; open until 3:30 p. in.
m MeAllibtcr street; open until 9:30 p. m.
. «.-. Larkin street; open until 8:30 p. m.
1341 M'ssion street: open until 10 p. m.
SSI Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
lii-.ui 9 p. m.
J06 Eleventh etreet; open until 9 p. ni.
1C86 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-tecond and Ken- j
turky Ftreete; open until 9 p. m. m
CHURCH SERVICES. v.
riRST rreebvterian Church, corner Van Ness
aV; ar.d Sacramento *t.-Rev. R. MeKenzie,
n.ri.and Rev. W. K.. Guthrie niinlsterfc.
ttervZn* 11 a. m. and 7:fc. p. m.; R<?y. W. K.
.iuthrie »i!I preacl.. Kabbath school at 12 30
1. in chriMlan Kndeavor meeting at 6.30
,' zn\ Midweek meeting Wednesday at S
..' nv. Mr. Guthrie's* residence. :'323 Pacific
rvc. Telephone Jackson 871^
CAIVAltY -and St. John's 'Presbyterian
• •hurdle* worship together at corner of Call-
rornla and Octavla eta. Ren ices at 11 «. m.
¦ r.d 7:4i l>. m. Rev. George G. Lldrldge will
rrearh. Sabbath school and Mr. Johnston s
H;ble c!ass. i::3<». Christian Endeavor. 6:30
p m. Wednesday evening service, S o clock.
All are cordially invited. • » ¦ ¦ m
TRINITY Church, corner Bush and Oough
«».— The Rev. Frederick W. aampett.'^O.D..
r»ctor. Holy communion, 8 a. m. and 11 a. m.
Morning service. 11 a. m.: evening pwef, <
o'clock Friday service at 11 a. ra. for. arm>
and Mvy. Special service Bunday. May 1».
lttil^ at 7:4t o'clock. Th« rector will preach.
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church, Mil-
lion fct. between Sixth and Seventh-Dr. 8.
D. Huulnplller will preach at 11 o'clock and
at 7:45 Drs. Herbert Brlcgs and UuUlsplller
will deliver itoitxl addresses.
UNITARIAN Church (Firsts BW. cor. Geary
and Franklin «U.-Rev. Bradford Leavltt.
minister; Rev. Dr. Stebblns, minister emeri-
tus ; Chaa. A. Murdock. Bupt. of Sunday-
?chool. The Sunday-school Is at 10 o'clock;
the morning service Is at 11 o'clock: Rev. Mr.
Leavltt will preach; subject, "The Inner
CaJm";'muelo by quartet choir. All are cor-
olally invited. There is no evening service.
UNITARIAN Church (Second), cor. Capp and
Twentieth sts— Rev. E. F. Dlnsmore. minis-
ter res. K3 Capp st. Sunday-school at 9:45
nviock; Rev. F. L Hosmer will preach at 11
o'clock. In tlie evening Mr. Dinsmore will
B peak on "Backbiting." J
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason sts.— Rev. George C. Adams, D. D.,
liastor. •will preach at both services. At 11
a. m.. theme, '-What Is Truth?" at 7:45 p.
m.. theme. "God So Loved the World. ' All
are cordially Invited.
6BVEKTH Day Adventist Church. 914 Laguna
st.. between McAllister and Golden Gate ave.
- Preaching this evening at 7:30 o'clock by
ihe pastor. Elder J. O. Corliss; subject. "The |
t'undition of Things During the Closing Hours
of Probation." A cordial Invitation is ex-
tended to all. Seats free. '
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist. Central
block. 223 Sutter 6t., between Kearny st. and
Grant ave.— Christian Science Bible lesson at
II a. ni.: subject. "Soul and Body." Sunday
pebMfl for children at the same hour. Wednes-
day evening meeting at S o'clock. Free read-
ing-room. rC6 Kearny et., room 610. All are
welcome. * '
REORGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ,
I 'ruids' Temple. Foisom and Fourteenth
me.— Preaching 11 a. n. and 7:43 p. m. by
«\ E. Crumley of Los Angeles. This church
wEF organized in 1830 by divine command to
preach the "everlasting gospel" In the hour
of Ood's Judgment as a "'sign" of the com-
ing of Jesus Christ to judge the world In
ri*hteous=ne*s and reward every man accord-
ing to his works.
ASSOCIATION Auditorium. Mason and Ellis
Fts.— Special service to-day at 3 o'clock for
men to be addressed by Rev. F. B. Cherring-
lon. D. 1). Dr. Clampett will give his fa-
mous illustrated lecture on "Ireland and the
Irish' at the association hall next Friday
evening.
KIRST Mental Science Temple meets at 11 a.
m in Golden Gate Hall, 625 Sutter et. Bu-
pene Del Mar. editor of Mental Science
Monthly and secretary of Mental Science
Temple of New York City, will lecture; sub- |
ject "Mistakes." The public cordially in-
v'ted. Seats free. Collection will be taken
to meet expenses.
THEOSOPHICAL Society— Public lecture In
<Md Fellows' building to-nipht at 8 o'clock:
subject. "Devotion and the Higher Life," by
a symposium.
MEETIX G S SUX P AY '
AA— DR. J. DEPEW KERGAN will lecture
this evening at Crystal Hall, Pythian Cattle.
;•'-¦? Maxket St.; subject, "The Social Problem
Relating to Love, Courtship and Matrimony";
w b<» followed by magnificent views of a visit
to Venice. "The Bride of the Sea." Those
attending may procure free tickets to X-ray
exhibition at Sanitanum next Tuesday even-
ing: peats free; no collection.
A-MRS. J. J. WHITNEY; grand test meeting.
k o'clock; come early; questions answered;
J1C4 O'Farrell, bet. Franklin and Gough; Ellis
Ft. car: admission 10c.
Sittings daily for advice In business, spirit-
ual messages and diagnosing disease, $1;
rv<>nlngs by engagement; tel. Hyde 2461.
A SPIRITUAL, revival in Occidental Hall.
-."Or. Larkin Et., to-night. Mrs. It. S. lAUle.
Mr*. A. L. Gillesple, Miss Fannie Raymond,
.1. S. Gillespie. Admission 10c.
I K. T BIBLE Spiritual church meetings, 909
Market St.; 11. free; 2:30 and S p. m., 10c;
s«*lfy, Xilson. Wilson, others; good music.
MRP. EBERHARDT'S convincing test meet-
ing to-night, 10c. 3250 Twenty-second St.;
invited; phone Blue 954.
Ji iHN PLATER will, hold a grand test meet-
ing to-night at 8:15 sharp, Scottish Hall, 107
l.arkln ft.; admission 10c.
MME TOT'NG'P demonstration of spirit re-
turn to-night. €05 McAllister St.; 10c; come,
*k«-ptlc».
MRS. WINCHESTER. 1610 Clay st.; meetings
to-night and Wednesday, 8: Tuesday. 2 p. m.
lira, norland's tef=t meeting. 8 p.m.: articles,
*«?aJe-i letters read. 10c; read'gs dally. 148 6th.
¦\Y. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night except Sat.; 10c. 148 Sixth Ft.. 2d floor.
Katie Htursmann. circle to-night; questions an-
ftrnml. 25c: Fitt'g*. 1S6 AVest Mission, nr. 13th.
MRS. GILLINGHAM'S circle. 8 p. m.. 10c; read-
ings daily. 1 to 5, except Wed.. Sat. 305 Larkin.
C V. MILLER'S materializing, etherealizlng
r-"8nc* to-night 8 p. m., 50c. 1084 Bush Bt.
MRS. STODDARD'S circles that convince all
.Sunday. Tuesday. 278 Ninth Et.; sittings.
MRP. EVAN'S, ICO Sixth, r. 16; circles to-night,
s. lfk-; also to-morrow eve.; readings daily.
MRS. DR. FARNHAJI, E13 Eddy— By special re-
circle to-night; 25c; skeptics Invited.
MME. MARQUISE, 108 Sixth St.. holds test clr-
<-le to-niglit at 8: 10c; sittings daily.
MRS. VIOARS' test meeting to-night; sittings
dally. 148 Sixth ft., room 32.
FftKE lecture on palmistry this evening at I
O'clock. 422 Ellis 6t-
ntJWARD EARLE in his marvelous tests to-
i:i~ht. 622 Geary et.
MEETJAGS — Universal Brotherhood.
INTERNATIONAL Brotherhood League publio
:«<»<?ting- Tuesday, May 21, 8 p. m., at Uni-
versal Brotherhood Hall, 310 O'Farrell St.;
Mibjf-ct. "Labor Unions and Trusts," by Dr.
<;rUf.the; musical eelectlcns; all Invited.
MEETING NOTICES.
Ol-TICERS and members of South San o
Francisco Lodge No. 212, F. and A. A
M., are requested to attend the funeral "tg zf
nf our late brother DAVID PALMER rW*
imoWN of Charity and Relief Lodge No.
'.:. F. an<i A. M., I-Iystic. Connecticut, from
Masonic Kail, Fourteenth and Railroad aves.,
t-outh Hau Francisco. THIS SUNDAY, May
I». 15C1. at 1 o'clock p. m. By order of the
.Master. E. C. HARE. Secretary.
THE members of the Patt Masters' As- m
Mvriatlon. V. and A. U. of California, i\
ere requested to attend th« funeral of Tffjf
our let* brother. EDWARD MORTI- /V>
MER COTTRELL, P. M. of Golden Gate
Lodge No. 30, from Masonic Temple THIS
Pl'NDAY, May 13, I'm, at 1:30 p. m. By or-
4er of the President.
PETER T. BARCLAY. Secretary.
<IOLDEN GATE Lodge No. SO, F. and n j
A. M.. will attend funeral of Brother J\
Part Master EDWARD MORTIMER TY
'•OTTKELL TO-DAY (SUNDAY) at '^r k
M.-isonic Temp'.e at 1 p. m. Master Masons
srid friends respectfully Invited. By order
_j.f W. M. EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
OFFICERS and members Triumph wk:i*7
Ix>dg» No. It9, A. O. U. W.— You iitrte
sr« notified to meet at your , hall R^ij^
SUNDAY, May 19. at 9 a. m. sharp S-w^*
for tlie purpose cf attending the funeral of
our late brother, JOHN QUIKN.
C. It. HOLTON, M. W
_ 3. H. CATTRAN. Recorder. "
TWENTY-SEVEN TH annual picnic An- ¦•«_-«•.
Hrnt Order of Foresters and Compan- if*f
ions of the Forest will be held at Call- yl
Rornla Schuetzen Park, San Rafael. «K_3
THURSDAY. May 30. 1901. Tickets round
tri;i and admission to park. Me, adults; chii-
<\rtn under 12 years. 25c. Valuable gate and
same prizes. J. FALCONER, President.
M. BOEHM. Secretary.
SPECIAL meeting of Restaurant Keepers' As-
sociation is called to meet at Shiela building.
Z2 O'Farrelt et.. at 2 p. m. MONDAY. May
M. 1S0L Members will please attend. By or-
der of P. T. BENNETT. President.
MKETIXO KOTICES—»Contlnne<l.
Tlin CaledonUn Chib •will hold Us v X? >,
ihirty-iutli annual gathering and A Qv/J
Knmes at Shell Mound Park on liSsLs*
THURSDAY. May 30. The beit ******
Bthletwi of the Paclilc Const will compete
for prlreF. Over $2.*C0 will be distributed.
Full banns lor pavilion dancing up to 8
p. m. Bagpipers for platform Rnd fancy
dancing. Over forty events on programme;
Ket one. A Highland welcome with a full
Hay of pleasure to all. Buy round-trip ferry
tirkets lor Shell Mound Park. Admission to
grounds, adults, 50c; children. 25c.
COMMITTEE.
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Olympic
Salt Water Company will be held at the
offl-'p of th« company. 327 Market st.. San
Francisco. Cal.. on MONDAY, the 27th day
of May, 1901, at the hour of 3 o'clock p. m..
for the purpose of electing a board of direc-
tor* to nerve for the ensuing year, and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting. Transfer books
will close on Friday. May 17. 3901. at 3
o'clock p. m. CHAS. A. GIBSON. Sect.
Office 2J7 Market st.. San Francisco, Cal.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
celved applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from Charles Lilly and W. E. Emery.
In the Avalanche mine, neai^Valllclta. Cal-
»veros Ounty, to deposit tailings in Grape-
vine Gulch: and from W. J. Cox and F. E.
JCerey, In the Taylor diggings, near Taylors-
ville. Plumas County, to deposit tailings in
Hlnchman Creek, gives notice that a meet-
Ing will be held nt room ts. Flood building,
£»n Francisco, Cal., on May 27, 1901, at
1:3ft p. m.
AGENTS WANTED.
$G*8 PROFIT first month by 1 agent selling Dry
Powder Fire Extinguisher: patented all parti
. of the world; extinguishes fire lnntantly with-
out water: required In every building, private
and public; experience unnecessary; exclusive
control to first applicant from each unoccu-
pied county. Address FIRF, APPLIANCE!,
»4 East Twenty-third it, New York City.
O. C C. DEPILATORY— A harmless liquid for
permanently removing superfluous hair: will
not Irritate, burn nor poison the most delicate
ckln; personal demonstrations free; agents
wanted. Ontario Chem. Co.. agcy., 426 Ellis.
"WANTED— Men In different sections of four
Southwestern States and city; $6 outfit free)
easily make $30 per week. Address J. 8.
WAUOH, 221 Parrott bulldliyc. San Francisco.
MAN or woman wanted to employ and superin-
tend agenti; $18 weekly salary and expenses:
permanent position. ZIEGLER CO.. 520
Monon building. Chicago, 111. '
AGENTS— Do you wsnt something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or lnsur-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
MAN to solicit in city or country; can make
from $2 to $5 per day. Apply at 3 Taylor st.
__ AI> o l p TI(> ,y j "-_.,„ r~~
FOR adoption— A handsome healthy baby girl.
Apply at MRS. SATTLER-SIMON'S. 1709
Powell St.. near Union.
GOOD home open for healthy boy and girl ba-
bles. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth. Alameda.
ASPHALTUM ROOFIXG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postal. 11S6 Mission; tel. Folsom 1607.
ASTROLOGY.
KNOW YOUR FUTURE; avoid its dangers;
seize its opportunities. Send 10 2-cent stamps,
hour, day, year and place of birth for predic-
tions. Ernest S. Green, astrologer, 1804 Mar-
ket st.
- ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
FRANK LITTLE, attorney at law; general law
practice. Room 22, 137 Montgomery st., S. F.
ADVICE free; no charges unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON., 927 Market Et., or>p. Mason.
L. S. CLARK, Kmrna Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket st. ; consultation free; no fe«s in advance.
BATIIS.
YOU can get boiling hot water for baths
without extra cost. Ring up LANE, the
Plumber, Main 315; 603 California st.
BATH CABINETS.
BATH CABINETS: ROBINSON. Niagara. Per-
fection and others. Agency, 426 Ellis St., S. F.
BOARDIXG FOR CHILDREN.
2 OR 3 children to board, week or month: best
care;sunny yard;nr.school;reasonable.l607 Cal.
LADY with own home would like lor 2 chil-
dren to board: good care. 3218 Sixteenth st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
SOUND investments for capitalists.
Hotels for sale.
Lodging-houses.
Orocery stores.
Hardware stores.
Drug stores.
Fifty good farms for sale; some for ex-
change.
Business property paying 6 per cent net" en
investment.
Colony property from 10 to 20 acres.
Thirty-page catalogue of California homes.
See E. E. BUNCE for all bargains. 952
Broadway. Oakland. ; __
A— CANDY store In ¦Western Addition $350
Delicacy store; good stock; no opposition. 500
Saloon in business district 4300
Saloon near beach, $400; saloon and lodg-
ing house 800
Photograph gallery; pays well; Market st. 2000
Merchandise business in good town 3200
Corner grocery and bai\ from $400 up to.. 4000
Stationery stores, cigar stands, bath houses,
delicacy stores. In all parts of city, from $150
up. EITEL & CO.. 1032 Market pt.
GAMMILL & MOCK. 906 Market St.. Bucces-
fors to Lundin & Co., have a number ot new
and good saloon bargains.
$800— Saloon; north of Market; receipts $15
to $1J-: big stock liquors and cigars; been
there C yr&. Gammill & Mock. 906 Mkt.. r. 8.
HOTEL In a lively mining town; bar trade
$1500 month; will sell or lease; reasonable
terms. GAMMILL & MOCK, 90S Market ft.
AAA — 100 CIGAR stand?, 200 groceries and bars,
300 candy and icecream stores, 500 restaurants.
£00 stores of all kinds; partners wanted.
Parties with $100 up can be suited. If you
want to buy a business call and see us.
WALTER HATES & CO.. 838 Market st.
FOR private sale — Some of best saloons In city.
WALTER HAYES & CO., 838 Market st.
$500 WORTH $1000
A very neat grocery, fruit ajid delicatessen
business; fully stocked and paying well:
right in center of town; on main street; an
elegant chance for a live man ; owners can-
not agree. GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO., 100S
Broadway, Oakland.
PARTIES desiring an Interest in manufactur-
ing business which will pay 33 1-3 per cent
on Investment call at WEST COAST IN-
VESTMENT CO.. Phelan building.
|£000 CASH — Grocery doing annual business of
$25,000 to $60,000, which can be increased by
soliciting; a positive bargain; no bonus asked
and no old stock; will Invoice if desired;
urgent business cause of sale. ALDEN CO.,
1118 Broadway, Oakland.
I HAVE bargains in groceries and bars, res-
taurants, bakeries, candles, cigars, notions,
drug stores, etc. JOSEPH. BAILIE, 759 Mkt.
$450 — CORNER grocery and bar; old establish-
ed business: rare chance. MCLAUGHLIN &
CO.. 777V& Market Et.
OIL Is king! You can make $500 Into $5000 ln-
slde of sixty days without taking chances;
handle your own inoney, well secured; pay
me from profits wh«m made; Investigate. N.
D. RANSOM, Kansas City, Kans.
FOR SALE.
"The Southern 6aloon," 201 Powell St.. cor-
¦ ner O'Farrell, will bo sold cheap if taken
before June 1. Apply at saloon.
$12,000— PROPERTY tor eale; end of car line;
grocery and bar clearing $250 a month; lot
100x120; - building, stable, stock and fixtures
all new. Box 3139, Call office.
MUST be sold; a small chicken ranch. Incu-
bator and brooders. , Incubator chicks and
thousand eggs. Apply at Potrero Poultry
Yards. 404 Carolina St.
$250 WILL buy the horseshoeing, carriage-mak-
ing and repairing with tools and good will of
business at 4 Valencia st.
MILK route paying $100 for sale cheap. Ad-
dress box 3109, Call office.
$325 — DAIRY, depot: fine trade; will support a
family. LUNDIN & CO.. 906 Market st.
COUNTRY; 2-chair barber shop for sale or ex-
change. 401 Sutter St.. 1 p. m.
BARBER shop to let; chairs and tools for sale.
2&3C Twenty-fourth st.
WANTED— By experienced egg and poultry
raiser partner or position in large poultry
ranch. Box 3129, Call offlce.
SALOON; old-established corner; 2 sunny II v-
Ing rooms; must sell; other business. 554 4th.
JOIN new oil company; .no money required.
Address room 34, 214 Pine St.. San Francisco.
YOUNG married man will invest flOCO and his
time for salaried position. Box 3140, Call.
FIRST-CLASS bakery for Fale in country town
Address box 2350, Call of flee, Oakland.'
LADY of means wishes to buy a central busi-
, ness location. Box 3134. Call offlce. -
PARTNER wanted in fruit and candy store;
good location; good business. • 7 Eddy st. .
nUS IJiiE SS C:i AXCE S~Con tin ne A .
$1200— STEAM laundry; long -established , and
doing large and very profitable business.
HORN, SOLOMON & CO., 30 Kearny St..
$S50— DOWNTOWN saloon; 'no night or Sunday
i work! dally receipts $10 to $12: rent $42 DO.
HORN, SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
• WHEN you want to sell or buy a paying busl-
j ness call on HORN, SOLOMON ' & CO.. 30
1 Kearny st.; telephone Main 1604. ; ,
$3000 WILL buy a business,, profits $2300 per an-
num; no fake, no agents; books wide open;
kui.h1 reasons for selling; best location; trans-
fer corner; established 10 years; this is a snap.
Address box B. C. Call office.
! $35— BALANCE ($465) when convinced; new
I manufacturing corporation; clean, Eafe. 113
i Phelan building. ¦ '
! ANY parties wishing to sell first-class hair
I Htores address box 3135, Call offlce.
; CAPITAL for manufacturing; safe Investment,
j Address II.' K.. 106 Eleventh st. '-;
$500 WILL start work; gold mine will then pay
dividends. Box 3143, Call offlce.
GOOD laundry route for sale; a good invest-
ment. Box 3148, Call offlce. '
GENTLEMAN, middle-aged, desires engage-
ment; well acquainted Paclflo and adjacent
Btateis; has good knowledge general business;
very fair correspondent; has occupied pres-
ent position trust several years; highest lo-
cal references. Box 4106, Call offlce.
A 3-STORY brick lodging-house, nicely located
and paying well, Is offered, $2000; below what*
It pays Interest on; proof given; reason,
changing residence :• would lease. Address
F. 8. CARR. Marysvllle. Cal.
DISNTAL offlce, well advertised, doing a buil-
necs of $600 a month; this Is a rare chance
for the right party. Addreis'box 41144, Coll
offlce. .¦¦¦¦.
CALL route. Apply 478 Tehama St., near
Sixth, after 12 o'clock. ¦
$200— RESTAURANT for sale; 7 living rooms.
MRS. L. LIND. Tiburon, Cal. .
MAN with $300 to Join party to work placer
claim at Capo Nome. Box 2433, Call offloe.
FOR sale— Branch bakery and notion store.
691 Fourth st.; no agent. • «
FINE drug store In Alameda. doing a good
paying business; proprietor has other busl-
. ness that requires his attention; rare oppor-
tunlty. Apply soon to E. H. BAXTER, 31 id.
FOR sale — A well fitted up beer and billiard
•aloon on Market «t., near City Hall. Mc-
LEOD & HATJE. wholesale liquor mer-
chants, 616 Market st.' '
BREWERY doing a good business in a prosper-
ous town of 2000 inhabitants, 40 miles from
San Francisco; situate on the principal street
in center of town; dwelling and other build-
ings on premises; several adjacent towns sup-
plied with beer; only brewery in the vicinity;
eold on account of death of the owner: rare
chance to purchase a" prosperous business;
liberal credit given. Address GERTRUDE E.
JORDAN. Livermore, CaL .
BAKERY— An old established and well paying
bakery in a prosperous country town, which
• ha.? both a good store trade and outside
routes; living rooms, with furniture; horses
end wagons; everything complete and In good
running order; will be sold at a sacrifice: a
great chance: good reason for selling. Ad-
dress box 3107, Call office. {
FOR Sale— J3000; old-o.dtabllshed flower store,
with nursery, hothouse, etc., boiler, horses,
wagons, plants and trees of all descriptions;
established many years and doing a money-
making business. Particulars CARL CARL-
SON, 500 Haight Bt.
BARGAIN In thriving town. Davy Crocket
cigar store. Point Richmond, Cal.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been . established at • 1096
Valencia st. -
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
MARION GRIFFIN, the Real Estate Agent.
719 Market St., by the Call building.
/ 8 rooms; rent $20; Income $38; terms $100
down and $100 In monthly installments.. $200
11 rooms; new piano: quiet; respectable.. 300
16 rooms; rent $50; Income $100... 1000
20 rooms; rent $50; Income $100; Market st. 900
14 rooms; cost $1000: downtown ;" full 600
17 rooms; income $135; clears $70 month.. 750
14 rooms; new carpets; new furniture:
full; rent $40: income $S0: lawn; large
grounds; includes piano; hasty depart-
ure of owner I 650
12 rooms; Income $97; oak and mahogany;
hair mattresses; bon ton; Al location..- 800
24 rooms; corner; downtown: rent $58:
sunny: central; owner sick; compelled
to sell 1300
83 rooms 33600(100 rooms $6500
60 rooms.. 3250 60 rooms 6000
43 rooms'...; 3500 42 rooms .'. 2000
36 rooms 700| 36 rooms 1800
A. CAMERON' & CO., .
850 Market st and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list -with us. -We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
27 rooms; rent $100; cost $3200 to fur.: first-
class location; fine downtown house.... $2600
14 rooms; rent $65; water free; oak fur.. 500
18 rooms; 2 entrances; rent $75; trans 1500
I 20 rooms: rent $60; water free; good f urn. 1000
24 rooms; furniture new; rent $50 2100
. 19 rooms; rent $60; clears $70.........' 1000
15 rooms; rent '$70; elegantly fur. board-
ing-house.; reduced on acct. departure.. 1050
SELECT TOUR HOUSE FROM THE LARG-
EST LIST IN TOWN.
7 rooms; well furnished; good location... $200
19 rooms; big money-maker;- cheap rent.. 500
33 rooms; clears $125 mol; chiefly offices.. 2000
52 rooms; excellent furniture; a bargain.. 2800
118 r. modern house: good cor.; make offer.
Hundreds to choose from $100 to $100,000
Also boarding-houses and country hotels.
See our special bargain list before buying.
WALTER HAYES & CO., 838 Market Bt.
TELEPHONE Mint 1581.
WINSTON & WOLF,
Real Estate, Insurance. Business Agents,
. 1026 Market ' st. . ,
15 rooms; corner; ?300 cash; only... $500
20 rooms: corner; new furniture •••• 600
50 rooms; corner; rent $30 :..2000
62 rooms; corner; part cash 2700
Money at-1% per. cent.
I FISHER & CO., 935 Market St.. opp. Mason. .
37 rooms, price $800: 35 rooms, price $1400.
24 rooms, price $1000; 12 rooms, price $550.
26 rooms, price $1400; 11 rooms, price ¦ $325.
8 rooms, finely furnished, rent $30, $500.
If a bargain we have them at any price.
16 ROOMS — Only JS50; fine location, * near Mar-
ket; fine transient. FISHER, D35 Market st.
ATTENTION, BUYERS'. "
You" may buy any rooming-house In
the city, and pay for it
in monthly payments
from the profits . .
of the house. ¦
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market.
35 ROOMS; rent $80; receipts about $200. ... $850
10 rooms; rent $50; clears $35 per month.. 650
$300— Lodging-house, 14 rooms; very cheap
rent: water free; pays gpod profit. HORN,
SOLOMON & CO.. 20 Kearny st. ¦
IS ROOMS; Mission St.; rent $60; price $725.
12 rooms; Mason St.; rent $45; price $750.
19 rooms on Grant ave.; rent $76; price $1500.
13 rooms on Eddy St.; rent $58; price $650.
EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 28 Sixth st
JOSEPH BAILIE, 759 Market st.— A good list
of lodging-houses. . •¦¦'
$275— 10-ROOM house, all full, must.be sold by
June 1; vicinity Fourth and Harrison sts. Box
3153. Call office. . - . :
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY—
Trance, business medium; life reader; exam-
ines ore; oil locations; medical clairvoyant;
treats, cures sick; cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell, nr. Gough; Ellls-
ct. car; sit. $1; letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
THERE is a tide In every one's life If taken
at the right time leads to what you want.
This is one answer. Now see what the fu-
ture holds for yourself or children. Questions
by mall. 3. 25c; give year, .sex, date of
birth. ZELMA. the mystic, 1635 Geary st. .
WHEELER, the trance medium, for business
and life affairs; trance circles Tuesdays,
Thursdays and Sundays, 8 p. m.; 25c; other
evenings,. 10c; readings dally, 10 a. m. to 4 p.
m.. $1: ladles, 50c. 305 Larkln at., rms. 87-88.
MRa LOUISE S. DREW. Psychic, Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14, 305 , Larkln
St.; tel, Howard 2711; hours 10 a. m. to 6 p.' m.
SPIRIT tests; circle to-night, lOo; 'readings &
spirit photographs. Arnold Dlckson, 148 Sixth.
MRS. DR. DEAN, magnetic healer. 313 Turk
st.; hours, 10 a. m. to 6 p. m. , '
MRS. ALICE AUSTIN, business and test me-
dium; clairvoyant; card reader. 715 Post st. .'
KATIE HEUSSMANN, .136 West Mission st.,
nr. 13th— Circle* Sun. eve., 25c; sittings dally.
EARLE, 622 Geary St.. telephone Polk 1297—
Readings daily; .seances Tues., Thurs. & Sun.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium, card
reader and healer. 146 Eddy.' st. „' . •
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 835 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sitting* dally; test to all to-night: 10c.
CLAIRVOYAIVTS.
MME. M. BERNARD, .'-'-. -
• THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located at 17 Thira St.. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur In the
' future.' If you are in trouble, discontented, .un-
happy, or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
. medium and you will bo told how to overcome
them. , Valuable advice- In all affairs of life;
25c up; .. perfect ' satisfaction > guaranteed. , ;- '
WONDERFUL - clairvoyant; <¦ • what < he '¦ tells
comes, true;- send 10c and' birthday. • PROF.
. J. MYERS, Lincoln Park station, Chicago.
CI.AIUVOVANTH— Confinncd.
ISMAR ' TUB • GYPSY. ' ,'. ;.
ISMAR, the Egyptlun Gypsy, draws oslrte tho
uncertain years. ahead ;.' happiness and succesa
Ko-hand In hand, yet hundreds -fall where suc-
cess. Is possible were it not for a lack of roro-
elght.lnto tho future. If you are in trouble of
nnyklnd, discontented, unhappy or not eatls-
fled In life, Consult ISMAR. for she' Is a proph-
etess of world-wide fame anil her name has De-
come a proverb In thousands of homes macie
happy -by her aid and advice. ISMAR can be
consulted daily from li> n. m. to G p. m.. Sun-
days by appointment only, at her ofllce. 114S
Market St., opp. Sixth. By mall three ques-
tions answered, $1. Full lite reading. $5.
RETURNED— MME. SANDERS. . 38 McAllister
St.. the world-renowned business medium and
palmist; thousands of business men and wo-
men owe their success in life to this wonderful
woman; she will tell you aDout mines, oil
lands and . stocks, your business In general .
advice on marriage, divorce and lawsuits; It
sick she will tell you how to get well; teacn-
. ea mind telegraphy anil develops mediums.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 120b Mar-
ket Rt.. corner Golden Gate ave. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall: send stamp for pamphlet with
special terms. Dally and Sunday.
AFFLICTED come, we will locate your dlseoss
free, without asking question*, looking at
tongue or feeling of pulse; tell you how to get
well without knife, drugs or worthless instru.
ments: scientific method of treatment. Nervo-
Pathlc Co., 1382 Market, opp. I. O. <>• F - Hal1 -
MME, ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells
past and future; never falls; has the greatest
Egyptian secret: shows picture of future hus-
band or wife; 25o up; satisfaction to every-
body; cure diseases by sympathy. 21&H Sixth.
MME. POUTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil-second sight;
diagnoses dlnease with life readtng; ladles 60c,
gent* $1 palm, and clalr. Bit. $1 60. 128 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
KNOW your fate: Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist and reader of human destiny, never
falls; readings. 6O0. 8 Haye* Bt.. nr. Market.
MMR LAROSD. best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium, 25c up. 472 Stevenson St.. cor. 6th.
MRS. MALLORY, clairvoyant, card reader;
when others fall consult me; 25c. 917 Howard.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 448V4 Jessie St.. bet. 6th and 6th.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; lsdlea 25c,
gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
LET'S go to WATSON, the best palmist and
medium in town. 1 Seventh St.. cor.- Market.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149^Mission.
-MRS. MELVILL. well k.iown clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th:German spoken :tel. Howard 1846.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy; palmist, card read-
er; 85c up; leaves May 27. 5 Seventh st.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; la-
dles. 23c; gents. 50c \32 Sixth st. , .
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CAPE XOME.-
CAPE NOME,' Teller City and all points in
Alaska. For freight and passage rates call or
write C. F. MOORE. 935 Market st., room 6.
CARPET BEATING AXD CLEAXIXG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st.; tel. South 40.
JONES & CO., reliable carpet-cleaners and ren-
ovators. 25-27 Eighth st. ; tel. Jessie 1061.^-
KUDOLPH & CO., carpst-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Howard 235L
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company. 342-
344 McAllister St.; phone South 146.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 88-40 8th st.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 894. GEO. .WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. BTRAT-
TON, 8 Eighth Bt.; telephone Jesale 944.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 126. . .
A "WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. 31 per year.
CHIROPODISTS.
INGROWN nails, bunions, corns,; warts, .chil-
blains; painless cure. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
r 1 ¦
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful.' Room 310. 927 Market st.
TO MT^^^
FURNISHED cottage of 8 rooms; large yard;
near the Park; $40. Box 3144, Call offlce.
NICE cottage, south of Park; ¦ Twelfth ave.,
bet. M and N sts. Mrs. Castro. 1055 Market.
«! DENTISTS^
AT theEL^SnRO^DENTAiL^CL7lNIcr809^Mar^
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m.-to 10 p. m. : Sundays^ 9 to 2
. p. m. J. "W. THATCHER, M. D., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, I plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method;. 20 years'
experience: no students ; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed ; ' lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell et.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 60; fillings,
50c; plates. $5: full set; all work painless and
' warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
EXPERT dentist In order to build up a prac-
tlce will fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns,
and bridge work at bedrock prices; payments.
Offlce 1141 Polk St., cor. Sutter; open Sundays.
A new thing In gold filling; no hammering as
before; absolutely no pain; Investigate; exam-
inations free. Ideal Dental Go., 6 Eddy,r.44&32.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. . Bush—
¦ Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; flllinge, 25c.
DR. R. L. WALSH.815% Geary, nr.Larkln— Pain-
less extraction 50c ; plates $5 . up ; phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor, Ex-
aminer building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices In S. F. Painless extraction,
60c < N. Y.- Dentists, 969 Mission st, cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless": evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st., corner Sixth. -
SET . of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1311 Polk st. -¦;-.- '
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & millinery School—
Class rates; patterns cut. 1013 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
¦ . EDUCATIONAL.
GaTlAGHER^MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping;. Robert
. F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
.shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught: prac-
tical bookkeeping,, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
\ 8. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, .lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.: day
& night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.— Day
& eve. ; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc.; life scholarship, . $50; individual
instruction; positions secured; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school ' for the university, law and medical
colleges; ref erences, - President Jordan or any
¦ Stanford profeesor. Phelan building/ .
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
tlbns guaranteed to It by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posl-
tlons to all its graduates. 305 Larkln st. ,
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.; mining, mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg - shorthand costs only ¦ $60. •. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market st. . •
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners ; business
college graduates: bookkeeping: figures; short
time.- TARR, exp. acct.. 220 Farrott bldg. i
MERRILL-MILLER College, , shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters,, rms. 40-45,
'-. : Parrott . bldg., Individ. Instruction; catalogue.
LESSONS In ¦ the English branches ; •• gradua-
tion exercises a specialty; references. 2111%
' Bush St.; telephone Jackson 665. ' y ¦,
WANTED— A few pupils in all branches In oil
painting by very competent lady teacher; '50c.
¦-. Box E, Call offlce. ¦ . ¦ ' : * ¦ ¦
MANDOLIN., violin, guitar. ¦ Prof . Merkl, ¦ 1008
• Mission ; concert May 29, Union Square Hall.
ARITHMETIC; bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
. etc.; day. or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, >nr. 6th.
BANJO and guitar; : Farland j method. R. . T.
. . ROSS. 514A Jones st. y Music furnished.'. : ~ ¦ >
SPANISH lessons: new practical method; full
\ course $10.™ 509 'Kearny Bt. ;.; < ,<-v ; ¦:
A" WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.'
:16 paces." In wrapper.' for mailing. $1 per year.
i ELECTKO-THEKAPjmriC-_>v_^
Electric-Chemlc L medication cures ; faulty nutrl-
; tlon, nerve.' blood ! & * constitutional diseases.
~ Drs. K.j& K.'s Electric Sanitarium, , 8 Mason.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. •
iTAiCLAir^Labor^ Supply^COi. " Montgomery
aye., tel. John 14S1, will iupply labor fr«o of
charge; specialty of railroad help, farm
li.uulx, miners, gardeners, fruit pickers, tto.
JAPANESE Employment Office and House-
cleaning Co.: best help; send men at short
notice. P 1125 Sutter. nr. Polk; tel. Larkln 2331.
JAPANESE and Chinese help ot all kinds;
¦cooks, waiters' and house servants. OEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese. Cht-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter; tel.Black S072.
JAPANESE, central housecleanlng and employ-
ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter: tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Jupanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 51SS.
CHINESE3 , and Japanese employment office—
Beat help. 411^ O'Farrell St.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT AV ANTED FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS second girl desires situation In
country; ref. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS waitress wants " a position at
the springs. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook desires situation:
. best city ref. MISS CULLEN. 325 Butter st.
STRONG young woman desires place on ranch
os cook for men; $25. MIbs Dillon, 315 Sutter.
HOTEL cook desires situation; city, country;
$35. MIBS DILLON. 315 Sutter st.
BRIGHT young business woman, about to
travel over the entire Paclflo Coast, would
like to represent some good Una. Box 3133,
Call offlce. • ,
GIRL want* place to help in housework; good
. homo' preferred to wage*; country. Box 313L
Call offlce.
DRESSMAKER with the btst of reference; en-
gagements by day; fancy or tailor dresr work
: taken home. 10 Mttcalf place, near Mason it.,
. off Geary. , • '
RELIABLE needle woman wishes a few more
engagements for plain sewing and mending
of all kinds; will take work home. Box S12S,
Call offlce. - ;
YOUNO lady stenographer, assistant bookkeep-
er, also has fine knowledge shipping clerk's
work; experienced; commercial . work. Ad-
dresa box 3128, Call offlce.
YOUNG woman wishes position as working
housekeeper; country preferred. Address with
full particulars box 3120. Call offlce.
WOMAN wants position to do cooking and
downstairs work or general housework In
small American or German family; will go
across the bay ; wages $20 to $30. Address box
B. SCO Hayes st.
COMPETENT woman would like a situation In
a private family to do general housework;
Is kind to children. Please call 49 Shipley
St., bet. Third and Fourth.
SWEDISH woman wants situation In private
American family as cook and downstairs
work; wages $25 to $30. Address H., 106
Eleventh st. ¦ * -
POSITION wanted as housekeeper, elderly
ladles' companion or the charge of linen In
Institution or. school; country preferred; ref-
erence. Address box 2238, Call, Oakland.
GERMAN woman wishes to have work Mon-
days washing and Ironing. Please call 1331
.Pacific st. downstairs.
TAILOR system taught; room rent free while
learning. 10 Metcalf place, near Mason St., off
Geary.. .
REFINED young lady, stranger, desires posi-
tion as housekeeper. Box 3132, Call offlce.
"WANTED — Position in private family; country
preferred; wages $40. Address box 3198. Call.
DRESSMAKER and seamstress, good fitter,
sews 60 cents a day. M. M., box 3156, Call.
LADY would like position as working house-
keeper. 112 Taylor St.
EXPERIENCED young lady, speaking French
and German, wishes a situation for upstairs
work and sewing or waiting at table in
American family; city references. Call or
address 695 McAllister st. . .
GERMAN woman wants situation as house-
keeper or cook; best references. , Apply 162
. Jessie St., cor. Annie, opp. Palace Hotel.
NURSE- would like the care of invalid or young
children. Address box 2242, Call, Oakland.
SITUATION by Canadian Protestant woman
In American family; good cook.. Call at 15C3H
Market st. - --
BOOKKEEPER— Young lady, expert account-
ant, desires position; 10 years' experience.
Box 3119, Call offlce. , '
WANTED— Place in small family to do cook-
ing or general housework. Box 2239, Call of-
flce, Oakland.
YOUNG girl wishes situation to do plain cook-
ing- and housework or upstairs work. Call
120 Twelfth St., down stairs. . .
DRESSMAKER, lata of New York, wishes to
go out for $2 a day. Apply to MRS. N.
WAHLQUIST, 609. Kearny st.
REFINED woman; housekeeper or managing
housekeeper for hotel: fine cook; no objection
to country. Box 4130. Call. •
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st". near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
POSITION as mechanical draughtsman by a
young man (26); understands the business; is
a good artist; has had 7 years' experience
with electric, steam and other machinery;
has also completed a mechanical and elec-
trical engineering course; present occupation
engineer; would like to change about June 1;
will go to country. Address L. D., 647 Haight
EDUCATED man, aged 30, wants light work of
any kind In S. F. for board and room or
' small salary ; local references given. Address
box 3130, Call offlce. .
MIDDLE-AGED man, handy with horses and
tools, wants light work; no milking; small
I wages If good place. HOWARD, 115V4 Second.
HEAD waiter, lately from the East, wishes po-
sition in first-class hotel or club; best of ref-
- erences. Address Box 3142, Call office.
SITUATION wanted as coachman and gardener
¦ by sober, reliable single man for private
place;, willing, obliging; good Chicago refer-
ences. Box 3147, Call office,. '
GOOD man of 50 years: understands Incubators,
¦horses, carriages; willing to do any kind of
work: wages $20. Box 3149. Call office. •
MAN and wife, first-class waiter and waitress,
want position together. Box 2241, Call office,
Oakland. : / '¦•¦." ,
COOK and -wife wish situations: steady and
reliable: best of references. 803 Montgomery
St., room 11. .
AN honest, neat, respectable boy, age 15. wants
situation as offlce boy and to make himself
generally useful or. In a lawyer's offlce. Ad-
' dress P. A. W., 1777 Mission st. '
WANTED— Young man wants position as Job'
.pressman; 4 years' experience, and can dls-
trlbute type. L. BOEHMEy 818A Geary st. ¦
YOUNG man, German, sober and steady-, good
coachman and gardener, wants ' position in
city or country. Box 3118. Call offlce.
CAKE and bread baker wants situation; strlct-
* ly sober; country preferred. Box 4133, Call.
RELIABLE, sober man desires situation in
¦> private residence; good gardener; handy man
¦ with horses and cows; general work all round;
city or country. Box 3110, Call offlce.
GOOD barber wants situation in some small
town; Is also a good musician. Address box
3106; Call. : ¦ ¦< .
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
¦ subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia Bt.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
; FLATS : TO LET. \
LEAVENWORTH. , l519#-4~ " rooms, bath " and
gas, " $15.
MODERN flat of 6 rooms and bath. 1810 Eddy
NEW corner upper 6-room modern flat. Just
i fl ,? I ft cd: one left;. very sunny; NW, corner
Eighteenth and Hartford sts., nr. Castro; $30.
NEW flat, : 4 rooms, bath, laundry; latest 1m-
provements. 349 Liberty st.
NEAR City Hall, fine sunny flat, 4 rooms. 62
Ivy ave. . ¦ • . ' -.
SUNNY upper flat: 6 rooms and bath. 1012
Thirteenth St., near. Scott. - t
SUNNY flat, 1123 McAllister St., near . Fill-
more; 8 rooms and bath; rent $30. ¦ .
SUNNY flat, 6 rooms, bath.' 2209 Geary 'st. :
SUNNY flat, -225 Eighth St.; water free; yard;
near Howard ; $10.
SUNNY • flat * of B rooms and' bath. 230 Carl
•. St.; $18. v •<;'.,•'. •"•¦' ;..-.;¦,.: . , -
TO LET— Two- 8-room flats, , northwest corner
. Golden Gate and Seymour aves.. Just a few
feet east of Devlsadero St. As no flats were
built like these, - which ; lead all In architec-
ture, location, desirability, - sun exposure,
view and shelter. '. and Webster's definition of
- a home falling to describe what these charm-
Ing, flats are • to : perfect i a home, ¦ one must
see them and be convinced. • Premises open
*¦ dally for Inspection.
VALLEJO.V 1111— Sunny " upper flat of 4 rooms
and bath; newly renovated.
6 ROOMS and bath;. stationary tubs. 62 Con-
: .verse, St., off.Bryant. bet. 8th and 9th.
1 • sunn y ' rooms; grass yard, etc
.S 41 Hill at.; near Guerrero.
' •-' FLATS TO LIST — Knrnlohed.
ADULTS; 4 rooms, bath; 2 beds; gas and coal
. stoves; all n«ctisarl«s. 1917 Geary it.
BUNNY 7-room furnished flat. 1G09 McAllister
•t. ; call between 2 and 4.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
TTnlted States or Canada one year for $1.
, FEATHER RENOVATING.
Feather beds, pillows, hair mattresses steamed,
purified. Owen McCabe. 870 Mission, cor. Sth.
FUItXITURE FOH SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 60. with No. 7
range. King; Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE of 3 nicely furnished rooms for
sale; price $30. 265% Tehama st.
ASSORTMENT of furniture, carpets and
stoves; glvo us a trial. 1114 Mission st.
FURXITUIIB WANTED.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc.. see W.E.Cody, 757 Mission; tel. Red 335J.
AUCTIONEER John Elder 22 Kearny. buys &
sells your bus., merchandise, fur., carpets, etc.
IF you want to sell turn., mdse., etc.. see J. A.
Munro & Co., 240 Stockton St.; tel. James 1541.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture «e<»
Golden Gate Auction Co.. 923 Howard st.
ART goods and flna furniture bought. Indiana
Auction Co., 117 Sutter st.; tel. James HI
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vlncent.lMS Larkln: tel.Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVT buy* your furniture. carpeU,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN A CO.'S.. Phone Grant 133
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Two first-class waitresses, springs, free fare
: $20
Waitress, resort, set party here $20
Waitresses, Salinas, Lathrop, Colusa, Wil-
liam* $20, $25
Waitress, institution, short distance $2o
Waitress, plain place $3)
10 waitresses, city $20
Chambermaids to wait, city and country.. $20
Resort cooks $30, $33
Man and wife, German, as day clerk and
chambermaid ..: $50
Lunch and dinner waitresses $75 and $50
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cooks, houseglrls. eecond girls, nurseglrls,
• city and country. $10, $25. $30.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A JAPANESE cook for a summer resort. $35
and fare paid.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
"WANTED— Cook for 2 in family, no washing,
Menlo Park, $35; 4 cooks, German style, with
and without washing. $30; laundress, private
family, $35; laundress. Institution, $25; cook.
. summer resort, $35, fare paid: nurse, 1 chtld.
$20; nurse, 2 children, $25; cook for delicates-
sen, $35; chambermaid for private family. $25;
4 second girls, $20 and $25; a number of cooks,
also girls for general housework wanted for,
city and country, $25 and $30. See J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st. ¦
MISS HORGAN'S EMP. AGENCY, 323 Sutler.
4 girls, general housework .$-'>
Z second girls .? $20 to $25
4 girl3 to go to the country $20 to $23
6 young women to assist $12 and $13
Girls for several other places.
ONLY i a few more vacant machines, which
will be given to young girls who desire to
learn operating; paid while learning.
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY. Gough and
Grove sts., city.
REFINED young woman to assist with charita-
ble work for summer; good pianist; neat
sewer; salary $25 month; references. Box
3137. Call offlce.
NEAT, willing young girl to assist with the
care of two children; good home. Call at 900
Devlsadero st., corner McAllister.
APPRENTICES and experienced glovemakers;
steady employment. B. BLUMENTHAL &
CO.. 25 Battery at.
•WAXTED — Intelligent girt, good home; famll>
of 2; wages $12. £313 California, near Twen-
ty-second ave. j
GIRL for chamber work, waiting, plain Iron-
ing, mending, wash front steps; wages $20.
1301 Van Ness ave. .
WANTED— In Mill Valley, woman or girl for
general housework and cooking for maji, wife
and baby; $15. Call. Monday afternoon be-
tween 2 and 4, 6 Eddy et.. room 10.
EXPERIENCED operators on silk waists; also
apprentices for finishing. S. F. MFG. CO.,
409A Turk st.
COOK and second girl, same house, San Jose,
good wages, see lady 10 a. m. Monday.
CATTELL'9\ 525 Eighth St., Oakland.
GIRL for general housework; upper flat;
family of three. Apply 2030 Pierce St., near
California.
"WANTED — Bright young lady as cashier in
a shoes tore. Apply Bee Hive Shoe Co., 717
Market st v
EXPERIENCED tailoress on ladles' suits.
Call Monday morning at 785 O'Farrell st.
WOMAN with no lncumbrance to keep house
for 3 in family, $15. Box 3125, Call office.
OPERATORS, button hole makers and finish-
ers on vests. 724 V4 Market Et., rooms 26 and 27.
NEAT nurseglrl wanted; references. Inquire
Monday a. m., 2112 Vallejo st.
SKIRTMAKERS; highest wages paid. L.
HORVITZ, 751 Market St.
DRY thread operators on men's shoes. D. R.
WENTWORTH. West Berkeley.
WANTED— Girl to assist in general housework.
1125 Chestnut St.. Oakland.
A STRONG healthy masseuse! HOOVER
Dry Hot Air and Massage Parlors, 1327 Mar-
ket st. - t m
TWO pianists to play for lessons. HOOVER
University of Physical Culture. 1327 Market.
WANTED — An experienced saleslady for laces
and trimmings department. L. M. & CO.,
box 3157. Call offlce.
TRY-ON makers wanted on custom coats. 345
Fifth at.
WANTED — Operators and button-hole makers
and finishers; 609 Kearny St.. room 2.
THE McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery
¦ School after 10 years of unqualified success is
prepared to offer more to its patrons than ever
before; Increased corps of teachers, giving
thorough instruction in basting, boning, drap-
ing and designing. French millinery; pupils
taught to select and purchase; beautiful pre-
miums to those entering before June 1; pat-
terns to order; linings fitted. 1019 Market st.
WANTED— By prominent business house,
bright, sensible woman, over 28, to travel; $50
and advancement. Box 3122. Call office.
GIRL wanted to assist with light housework;
German preferred. 629 Olive ave.
SWEDISH or German cook; Home, restaurant;
good wages. . 1528 Polk st.
A GIRL or woman of middle age, the latter
preferred, for general housework in country;
family of 2, sometimes 3; quiet home: wages
$10- a month: must be -Protestant or of no re-
ligious affiliation. - Address P. O. box 62,
Centerville, Alameda, County, Cal.
EXPERIENCED operators on electrio power
.sewing machines on white and golf shirts at
GREENEBAUM. WEIL &¦ MICHELS. 631
Mission st.
A LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion: good opportunity 'to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
OPERATORS on muslin underwear; also learn-
ers. G. W. REYNOLDS. C97 Mission st., cor-
ner-Second. ;
WANTED— Experienced operators and . finish-
ers on shirts and ladles' waists. EAGLESON
CO.. 535 Market St.
OPERATORS wanted at Levl Strauss & Co.'s
overall factory, 325i Fremont at. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
HAIRDRESSING thoroughly taught in 2 wks.:
- entire course $5: positions guaranteed: big sal-
ary at start. Halrdressing College, S74 Geary.
EXPERIENCED finisher to work en first-class
coats. 334 Kearny st., room 9.
EXTRA good pay for experienced hands on silk
waists. J. STEINHART, 230 Sutter st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st. . - . .
j^w^;"^™ 0 MALE.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPli)YMENT^AGENCY
59 Third st., phone Bush 405.
E0 railroad laborers. $1 75 to $2 25 per day
Free fare.. ....... .Free fare.. ...... .Free fare
20 laborers for rock crusher $2 per day
'10 men for stone quarry.. ......r.. .$2 per day
80 laborers, city and country.. $l 85 to $2 day
10 mill or woods men." free fare, ship to-day
10 lumber pliers.. $35 to $45 month and board
6 men to. make pickets: ;..$6 per thousand
6 men to make redwood ties n o
6 men to cut pine wood. 4 ft...$l 25 per cord
12 haymakers.... $1 25 to $2. per day and board
3 miners, quartz..;... ; $3 pe r ,j a y
Offlce open to-day (Sunday) till 12 m.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment. 927 Market 8t.. room 207.
. I." LESS. ¦ Secretary: telephone Jessie 117S.
WANTED— Partner; a. reliable young man
' with several hundred dollars ¦ to start a
. branch store of a well established business.
principally tea, coffee, crockery, glassware.
Address box . 410S. Call office.' ; ¦ ' \
.. ZtTitjTP WANTEJP-.-WA LR— row.
A-MURRAY A READY Phon« Main M4S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agsnts...
K4-638 Clay st
5735 men wanted for dlfftwnt position* la
all parts of California, Oregon, Washington.
Nevada and Arizona
• wagei from |25 to 1123
" Office open at 7 a. m. Monday
RAILROAD WORK FREE FARH
Ship to-day— Office fee |l
2a laborers for section, steel, rock and ball
lasting; gang for S. P. R. R. Co.'« own
work on the Santa Barbara and Los Anze-
les divisions •«*•'•=-,
••••••• wages' $1 75 to 12 2s" da»
20 laborers and tunnelmen. Chatsworth PaSc
tunnel, wages $1 75 to $2 60 per day la Ik
borers and teamsters for L'klah.
*"«• fare Free fare
MIXES TO THE MIMir*
BIG WAGES MINE3
23 laborers to work for a large ' mining "co *
no experience necessary, anybody win «uU
ria-borerVfor a* goWne* Vare^ <™«
4 Muckers, gold mine. Nwada Co t"
3 Italian. Swtdiah or Germans for" a"good
mine North «1 and S
5 machine miners. Nevada Co fou 2»
3 Burlelgh drillers jVi* 3 ?
?A", ln JF Ie " han , d "^n*" 1 ' »•»: 6 miners.';.'.. $S
10 laborers for a good mine J30 and founVi
15 laborers for another mine.. $w and found
MECHANICAL HELP Un *
Carriage painter, country nhop ""'tt'dk'i
Millwright, small sawmill, tfo and found- 1
carpenters; blacksmith, country ihop $3 d av .
3 ranch blacksmiths. (40 and 143 «nd touruV
4 blacksmith helpers for ranch, 120 and l\i
and found; 2 helpers, blacksmith, city and
country shop*. t&>; woodturner who caa run
band saw and ahaper, |1 day
LABORERS AND THAMaTKRii
10 teamsters, city and country, II 75 and $33 to
and found; 3 teamsters, Oakland, j:u and
found; IS laborers, city, board homt, 1173
day; 6 laborer*, city factory, St 73 day; u
¦ labortrs. city. $2( and found; 73 labortrt. dif-
ferent sawmills, fare paid, 128 to IL3 and
- found; 123 men to work In mines and quar-
ries, j:6 to 138 and found, city and country.
FARMS.... FRUIT OttCllARD3....DAJRIE8
127 m«n to run mowing machines, ranlci, hay-
bucks to work In hay and harvest flalds....
wa fc -es $1 ti to Ui and found
64 lanch teamsters $30 to H3 and found
25 farmers for vineyards and orchard* ; u
farmer*, different ranchts, steady job*, good
wages; 17 chortmen and boys. $15, $20 and 3n
and found: 51 milkers, different dairies. »:..
to $40 and found; S butter makers; chtese
maker; dairyman, private dairy, $30 and fd;
man to take care of cattle, $30 and found;
fruit pickers; haymakers: harvest hands....
MISCELLANEOUS
Man for woods, splice lines. .$40 and found;
milk wagen driver; delivery wagon driver:
tailors; stenographer and bookkeeper; 14
stablemen. hostUrs, buggy waehera, private
and livery: man and wKe, easy Job, near
City $37 50 and found
....Call and get on* of our printed ll*ta....
COOKS-WAITERS— KITCHEN HANDS
BUTCHERS and BAKERS, etc
Butcher, slaughterer, ranch $39 and found:
butcher, shop. }S0 and found; butcher's help-
er, ranch. $25 and found: baker, north. $40
and found; baker, south, 3"0 and found; cake
baker, $17 E0 week; bakers' helpers; laundry-
man, hand laundry, $30 and found: 30 walt-
ters. city and country hotels and restau-
rants, $25 to $40 and found; 29 kitchen' hands
an-J dishwashers: 47 cooks, city and country
hotels and restaurants, $35 to ?30 and found;
ranch cooks, $23, $30 and $33 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 834-636 Clay St.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Oeery st.
WANTED TO-DAY. SUNDAY
' WANTED TO-DAY. SUNDAY
WANTED TO-DAY, SUNDAY
Offlce Open 6 a. m
'25 teamsters. ITkiah $3
25 teamsters. Ukiah V2
25 teamsters. Ukiah $2
Free Fare Free Far*
10O teamsters. Bakersfleld $3
100 tunnelmen. Chatsworth Park $2 to $2 50
SO outside laborers for tunnel SI n
10O laborers for ballasting track $175
Ship Dally Free Far*
...t. .Office will remain open until 5 p. m
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A— WANTED— Hotel manager, single man pre-
ferred; small country hotel; see party here;
$40.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
TRAVELING salesman wanted for established
house; no technical knowledge necessary, but
simply all around hustler of good appear-
ance and address; first-class line; special
contract; entire time required; references.
Box 254, Detroit. Mich.
SALESMEN WANTED— Can you sell a guar-
anteed oil stock? A good Inducement to the-
right party. Address Immediately Santa Ma-
ria Oil Co.. suite 702. 7 Water St.. Boston.
Mass.
WANTED— A thoroughly reliable boy 14 years
old in a wholesale house; must be- strong,
neat, obliging and active. Address In own
handwriting, box 3159. Call offlce.
TOUXG man with natural talent for drawlnjr
to train as newspaper artist by mall: write
for free circular lesson. School of Carlca-
ture, World bldg.. New York.
S3 POSITIONS were secured for bookkeepers'
and stenographers during the month of April
by Ayres' Business College. 723 Market st.
TRAVELING salesman to wholesale and retail
trade only; salary $1200 and expenses. Na-
tional. 304 Caxton bids.. Chicago.
15 DISCHARGED soldiers to do clerical work.
Call at 1043 Mission st., Monday, between
6 and 9 p. m.. HOWE.
A YOUNG man with experience In real estate
offlce. Call at room 4S, Chronicle building.
Monday, 11 a. m. . ¦
WANTED— Young man coal yard; one with
experience preferred.. 3130 Sacramento st.
MAS and wife foe lodging house: German pre-
ferred; good wages. Box 4107, Call offlce.
PANTS pressmen wanted for S. N. WOOD A
CO. Apply at factory. 27 Geary st. •
FOUR light harness makers on Kay. strap,
coupe and carriage worlt. Box 3143. Call.
FOREMEN bread bakers, bread bakers, help-
ers, confectioners; good pay; no fee. 127 Mason.
YOUNG man or boy with knowledge of hous*
painting. Address box 3150. Call of flee. '
WANTED— Boy that speaks German. J. HT7NT-
LER. 3066 Twenty-fifth St., near Harrison.
BOYS wanted. Apply 111 Clay st. '. ¦
VEGETABLE man and dishwasher. SI*
Kearny st. ¦ *
COOK wanted. Apply 1727 Market st.
FOREMAN on bread and foreman, on cake.
612 Kearny st. ¦ •
ERRAND boys wanted. Greenberg & Greea-
berg. 31 Grant ave. '
"WANTED — Edgesetter and bottom finisher.
WENTWORTH SW1TZER. 26 Main st.
STRONG boy to learn trade. Apply 141 Fr»-
mont st.
GOOD industrial t insurance man. Apply J.
REINDERS, rooms 17-19 Donohoe building,
between 8-9 a. m. or 5-6 p. m.
"WANTED— tAmateur clarionet, flute; piano
players for orchestra. PROF. JIAKiQE, 10C3
Mission, st. . ¦
WANTED— An experienced milk driver. 1403
Deylsadero St.; call early.
¦WANTED— General tailor. Apply M. J.
MYERS & SON, 35 O'Farrell at.
MAN and wife for country; wages $45. CAT-
TELL'S. S25 Eighth St.. Oakland.
"WANTED — Extra waiters; good wages. O
Stockton st. ¦
JAPANESE boy wanted; permanent position;
$15 per month. 1084 Bush st. j
WANTED — Industrious men and women In
every town to work for us at home. No
canvassing. We will send work any dis-
tance. Have several lines of work to give
out: some requires no experience. If you
can't devote the whole day to our work,
you can earn $3 or $8 a week by working an
hour or two evenings. Address Standard
Mfg. Co.. 143 West 23d St., New York.
DETECTIVES — We want a responsible' man la
every city and town to do secret service work;
$4 a day and expenses for actual service; ref-
erence required; postage for reply. Interna-
tional Detective Agency. Milwaukee. Wls.
McDONALD & PERRY have COO pairs second-
hand shoes for sale. 50c up. S41 Third st.
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right man. V. PERSON.
room 412. Parrott building. ¦
2C0 MEN to buy suits made to order. $1 per
week. A. B. SMITH CO.. 123 Ellis st.
WANTED— Amateur clarionet, flute, piano
players for orchestra. PROF. MAKKIE, 1043
Mission st.
WANTED— A good barber; steady work. Palace
Barber Shop, corner of Greenwich and Lyon
sts.. Presidio. I. , l _ m
PERSONS everywhere who can write merlto-
. rloua sketches, articles or stories; good pay.
Literary Bureau, 303 Caxton bldg.. Chicago.
BARBERS— The Byrns Hotel barber shop and
bathhouse, "Woodland. Cal.. must be sold this
week.
JEWELERS. 323 Bush St.. third floor, room 4.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REIS3
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
price. £62 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
"WANTED— Recruits .for the marine corps. V.
S. Navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
• less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet I
• inch, able to read and speak English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
Offlce. 40 EIH3 st.. San Francisco.
WANTED— A good honest boy. IS or 17. to take
care of bicycles; board, lodging and wages.
, P. . H. PETERSON. Baa ' Rafael.THE SAN FRANCISCO CAKCy SIKNDAY,i MAY 19, 1901.
33
IIKLP WANTED — MALE — Con.
WANTED— Men to learn the barber trade; we
leach the work in 2 month*: donate complete
outfit of tools; give (Saturday wages; grant
diplomas and pay $15 weekly when compe-
tent: the new barber law Increases demand
for our graduates: catalogue and particulars
free. MOLER DARBER COLLEGE. 63c Clay.
WANTED — First-class carriage blacksmith and
a first -clas« carriage gear and body maker;
steady rmplovmor.t to right party and first-
class tragrs. Apply to A. MEISTER & SONS
CO.. Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED— At Restaurant Keepers' Associa-
tion. . 1"7 MaEcn et.. restaurant help of all
kinds: male and female: register at once;
permanent positions; good pay.
WASTED- Laborers ana mechanics to know
that Ed Rolk'n. Reno House proprietor, Btill
runs Denver House. 217 Third et; 150 large
room*; 2oc per nipht: $1 to $2 p*r week.
PKN*SION AGEXT EDWARD A. BULLIS.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2.
G. A. R.. room 4ft. Phelan bldg.. WW Market.
BOYS wantPd. about 16 years of age. Cali-
fornia Barrel Co.. Twenty-Second and Illinois.
BARBERS— Good 2-rhalr lr.c shop for $125 to-
_day. DECKEL.MAN BROS.. 106 Ellis Et.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to WV-. mi Mission et.. bet. 1st and 23 Ets.
WANTED— Card writer and sketch Rrtist for
advertising work. Address box 4104. Call.
BARBERS— 3-cha!r shop for sale cheap. 14
Turk et.
WANTED— 5P0 men to buy new and 2nd-hand
army shoes. $1 up; poling 20c up. 923 Howard.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. B. F. Barber School. 741A Howard St.
WANTED— Two good city sal<»sm«*n. WHITE
PEWING MACHINE CO.. 300 Post ft.
AT cash prices for $1 per week, men's suits to
order. KKl'HAUS & CO.. 115 Kparny st.
PHNSIONS-J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attys ,
Hearst bldg.. Third and Market. room_3»i
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms. 25c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and trornterry^
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 220Q Flllmorejt.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at. loss
Valencia st. .
HOUSES AXD WACOXS.
FOR EALE— One French coupe, one eix-seater
with canopy top. one high trap, two or four
people; harness for each vehicle, all J/ best
of condition; will be sold at * G'/, at ,.* d .-
vantare as owner is going abroad. Caliror-
nla Stables. 1611 California ft.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st. : auction sales every ednesday.
SULLIVAN" & DOYLE. Auctioneers. ;
40 YOUNG horses and mares, broke, from 1100
to 1500 pounds; also 40 work mules for sale
this week at the Canty Ranch, Grayson,
Stanislaus County. Cal.
RELIABLE and gentle horse for family or
business use. also buggy and harness, for sale
for want of use. Inquire %\ hat Cheer Stable,
217 Jackson ft. j
¦WELL-BROKEX 6-year-old horse; weight 1100
pounds. M. t>. METER & CO., Geary and
Devisadero sts. p
FOR SALE— 1 team of hackney bred mares by
Paragon. California Stables, 1611 Callfor-
nia Ft. ,
BARGAIN-Strong go-cart; patent shafts; suit-
able for butcher, newspapers, collector. 192S
Howard Et. _J
GOOD business horse and new buggy for eale:
horse a good traveler. ICapa Soda Office. 147
N>w Montgomery st.
p F VETERINARY College will commence Its
34 spssion June 1". Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Fancoast. Sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
WANTED— Use of business horse for his keep
for 2 months. LANE. 6C3 California st.
FINE camp wngons to let or sale. 16C3 Geary
strept.
GOOD business buggy for eale cheap at Rin-
con Hill Stables, 417 Folsom Bt.
V> MILCH cow*, part Holsteins and Jerseys.
Addrrse box 2121, Call office.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
Coon hurfnpsa horses, wagon horses, heavy,
light, faet pacers and trotters. 721 Howard et.
AN' A N'o. 1 expreec wagon, elngle. also light
¦ ;:!i I :i.p wagon, for eale cheap. 632 Mleslon.
CLASSIFIED advertisement! and subscriptions j
rtreUfd Bt Call »,ranch office, ?%*> Fillmore. 1
ItOVfiK * T f> .kBT.
A HMNTI'.n I.JPT Houspb «o \ei; een<l tor c|r*
fUl»f, <J. it, I-'MHSKM it CO., U Mftntgftmery,
FIXB l«mi#riaTa»fn» end UfHUi itu'ufrAUiiiier
«t., n<*r o&uett: f«-f»t tso, JKjjjn i<romt,
T\<t\:*\: GtTT&m*. U2j ft Lily *ve, fouulre
U» O«fc Et.
I tt'*»>tK: nHibl*; large grmtwlt; ««ntt«ry im-
iu-\ttnt-h\p, ir,1« rtanfhpg *!„ ****_&&.
140**1 jOL'f:13 in Wftterri Addition from a '<
¦• ti;j..f,« * !•...,,,*. bath, »»'li»'"m, Pot*
tlrylat-g %V, It, CIUM 4t CO., 119 W-nt-
B'tvrry r\
$4.V;ft— « noOMS; large finished tjaspm6ntr»ui^U
nl.ip for <3rFE«=mftkpr; large yflfd. 1^13 Rush,
IIOL'SES TO LET— FUnXlSMED.
A DESIRABLE furnished upper fiat. 6 rooms;
nesr park. 7*4 Shrader et. ; Haight-st. cars.
FOR rpnt to Fmall family of adults, comfort-
ebly furnished house, 9 rooms, view of bay,
with privilege of 1 room an<1 part board. Ad-
flress M. R. D., box 3152. Call.
FURNISHED house in Larkspur; rent ?30.
Key at hotel.
HOUSE of 6 rooms, bath and gas. furnished;
rent ?18. 42S I » Brannan et.
WILL rent my 5-room modern, completely fur-
nished cottage in Alameda for two months,
from June 1; large yard: choice location;
block from station; $30. Box 2842, Call office.
» ROOMS, bath: completely furnished. 1449 j
Devisadero st. : key on premises.
HOUSES WANTED.
MODERN' 5-room cottage, with stable; good
location; in Mission or Western Addition.
W. OTTO. 26 Mint ave.
SOJLRBAX HOUSES.
FOR rent— Furnished cottaere: Santa. Cruz j
Mountains; 2^i miles from Wrights; 5 r. and :
hath: hot nnd cold water: porch 54xS feet. I
THOMAS THOMPSON, Wrights, or 131 Beale.
TO let— Palo Alto; 4SS University ave.; large,
pleasantly situated 13-room house, furnished,
for 3 months from June 1; electric lights;
telephone.
LOST AXD FOOD.
LOST — A valuable diamond stud, on Third st.
car, between 10:30 and 11 o'clock a. m. Re-
turn to room 471 Parrott building and re-
ceive suitable reward. '
LOST — Lady's sunburst pin in going from
T'nior-6t. wharf to O'Farrell and Stockton;
CO reward. Return to MASKEY'S, 32
Kearny «t.
LOST— Lady'e gold watch, initials F. E. C.
Will finder please return to 21 Elgin Park
and receive reward.
LOST— About a week ago. lady's gold watch,
Waltham. brass chain, N'o. of case 30, <; re-
ward. Box 315S. Call office.
LOST— May 11. O. E. P. pin; initials V. J. H. ;
liberal reward at 4G7 Geary st. Dr. Herrlngton.
LOST-Grtat Dane dog. yellow; finder reward-
ed. Apply 232 Xlnth Bt.
LOST— Diamond stud, in San Francisco. Oak-
land cr en Los Angeles express May 13. Re-
ward wi!l b<» pair! equal to value if returned
to W. D. HARRCB, 560 Twenty-fifth Bt.,
Oakland. Cal.
LOST— S draft? of $203 each on Centerberg |
Bank O-nUrbeip. O. : also $25 in currency.
In this oltv: payment stopped: liberal r«»-
wiird. return to B. H. CHRISMAN. 874
Ppralta et. Wret Oakland^
tl Et REWARD for return of embroidered ba-
t:ne fit-eve to llfl) Sutter st.
LOST— Small fox terrier: spot over right eye;
reward. 1121 Mission et. saloon.
LOST— Corner of Van Ness ave. and Geary St..
either in car or en etrePt, lady's brown purse.
oont«;niRe J13 gold. Finder will receive re-
ward W rptum to cashier. Call office, Claus
r'rrpfic*.'* l>uildins\
LC£T— A r^sbock with the Hibernla Savings
«nd Lorn Society of San Francisco, In the
nerne of CATHERINE KELLY: No. 249-SSO.
Th»! finder will please retur/i to bank.
FOU2CD— Spit): dog: brown back. Owner can
have sarre by proving property, paying ex-
penses, at 411 Greenwich st; call at 7 o'clock
p. m. - 1 ; <,,
Want<"1— Old poM for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
ffwtler. ;<s O'Farrell. bet. Powell anJ Mason.
MACIIIXnnv — Ilontrlif. Sold and Ex.
GASOLINE engines. 2(J-hand and oth«r machin-
erv bought and sold. EPSTEIN. C33 Mission.
WATRIMOMAL. , L;t i. ¦; '
GENTLEMEN wishing to marnTweaithy ladles
gend 10c for list. MRS. HERTZ, 7CJ Ellis et
ALL contemplating matrimony p^nd 10 cents
*or "The Wedding Bell," 18 Mason at '
MINES AXD MINING.
MONTEZUMA COPPER— COAL— COKE.
MONTEZUMA COPPER— COAL— COKE.
MONTEZUMA COPPER— COAL— COKE.
To-morrow, the 20th. is the last day Monte-
zuma shares may be had for 10c cash or 12c on
Installments. Tuesday morning the price will
be 12c cash and 14c on installments. A tele-
gram or a letter sent to us to-day or to-morrow
will secure the stock at the lower price.
Our clients believe the Montezuma Mining
Company of Washington have in the great com-
bination of Copper. Coal and Coke all "under
one roof" the best mining proposition on the
Paciflc Coast or In the United States, for that
matter. In which shares may be had at nominal
cost. Large bodies move slowly, but once
started the momentum is tremendous. The
Montezuma is a big concern, requiring large
capital to develop, but once a producer It w^i
continue eo throughout the ages. The share-
holders are making an Investment for a life-
time and perhaps for the lifetime of their chil-
dren as well.
We are growing rapidly on this coast and the
next ten years will witness euch development
in Industrial lines as is not to-day dreamed of
by the masses. This growth offers great oppor-
tunity for money making to all alike, but not
more than one In a thousand will avail himself
of It.
Every man owes It to himself to investigate
a promising proposition far enough to deter-
mine whether or not It is suited to his needs.
The Investigation costs him nothing, and the
failure to make It may, mean a life chance
thrown away.
The Montezuma Mining Company, with Its 24
copper mines and its 2000 acres of coal leases,
all near Puget Sound, courts investigation of
the most searching kind of both company and
properties. It is an easy matter to determine
what the Montezuma Is and has. The pros-
pectus tells the truth, but more and better evi-
dence may be had. Our excursion to the mines
leaves San Francisco June 15. Transportation
to honest Investigators, free; to others. $40 for
the round trip, including sleeper. Tickets lim-
ited to 60 days. Folder tells all about it.
Write to-day. '
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY AND TRUST
CO.. Selling Agents. 310 Safe Deposit Building,
corner California and Montgomery sts., San
FVanclsco.
MATTRESSES AND Ul'HOLSTEKY.
MA^R^S^ET^aim~pnio^7^eT~S^mn^792T7o
order or renovated, feather and hair cleaned;
expert™ carpet cleaning: strictly reliable.
HOPKE BROS., 318-320 Eleventh st.
MEDICAL.
ORIGINAL OFFICE.
ORIGINAL OFFICE.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES.
Leading ladles' ppecialiets.
Leading ladies' specialists.
Located for 10 years at
Located for 10 years at
1228 Market st.
1228 Market St.
Above F>ixth Et.
Above Sixth Et.
We have no branch offices.
We have no branch offices,
Cut this out.
Cut this out.
Remember f'»e number, l?2» Market,
Hfcmember the number, 12^8 Market,
A-I(H,S'G\VNUP ei#clnUnt; thoea who rteelr» to
i. i. 1. 1 w. it-miie ftrumvUy; t treat SAdfo* only;
my resvistttr h»« no erjuaj; hi! Hs^es of tf>,
main <^nij'|a|nts relieved t»y treatment eu*
\>er\fir to ell others; the only treatment lh«t
j, r ||,= fh« Ufifurmnate; flic m»et rjt«stlnfll#
fsisbti ttf Jffim«<1fftt0ly relieved without t»slft;
an tnh^r u«fltfflrflt will rto this; the jhosi rtlf-
flrult c8w» treated; ee!«<f}t|fli< methods gusr«
nntwi, lift, <l,\v. O'tiQNXKUi, 101* Market.
tltNfiCiilV.ttU ht)tne ife&tfneht ; the trttsf won-
d^rful, eitnpi", eur*> reme'lie* ever known tor
Jfldlifellrtn, tapeworm, neuralgia, teucwrhen,
tronorrhea, tctspma, nemfula, eyt'hlllK and al!
troubles of trial* and female pexual organs;
tfeat yoiitpeU; he your own doctor; 4 months'
suppository treatment, Hi send 2 cents for
circulars. 1126 Market ft., 8. P., Cal.
A TREATMENT that is guaranteed to give in-
ptant relief for all female complalhtfn; the
longest and most .obstinate cases Immediately
relieved without pain: traVflers helped; no
delay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122
Market, bet. Mason and Taylor, opp. Hale's.
IMPORTANT notice to ladles— No medicine or
pills used; 37 years' experience; In all cases
satisfaction guaranteed; cure in one day; call
on a physician with men's knowledge. DR
POPPER, medical specialist, 12 Mason st.,
near Market.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES, 1228 Market, ladles'
specialists; 32 years' practice; all cases treated
by our wonderful herb remedy; a reliable,
treatment, superior to any other; positive cure
guaranteed at office: patients treated can re-
turn same day; harmless; consultation free.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN. 1933 Market, bet. 6th
& 7th — Expert specialists; well known and re-
liable; 25 yrs. experience; treatment guarant'd
to give instant relief from all female troubles;
avoid Incompetent specialists; consult free.
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed in all female
complaints or money returned; my regulator
never fails; the most obstinate cases relieved
without pain; best care: fe» low; consult free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1118 Market, nr. Mason.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 26 yrs.'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment; home before and during
confinement 942 Post, bet Hyde and Larkln.
THE MOISON CHEMICAL CO.— Send your ad-
dress to box 313S, Call office.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia Bt. ¦
MISCELLANEOUS— FOIl SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barioom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made: we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017, 1019, 1021, 1023
Mission St., above Sixth; write for catalogue.
AS I am retiring from business I offer a $1000
burglar-proof safe for $350 and a fine piano
for $30. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ave.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
out: different makes: call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 129 Montgomy.
FOUR guaranteed new sealskin jackets bought
from a retiring furrier for sale; a bargain.
Portland Loan Office, 23 Stockton st
COWS— 150 head of first-class, high-grade llol-
stein and Durham dairy cows. Inquire room
23. Crocker building.
RETIRING from business— I am /sacrificing a
lot of grand old oil paintings. UNCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
WERTINGHOUSE motors from 1 to 20 H. P.;
will exchange for gas engines. LIVINGSTON,
558 Mission Bt. ' ¦**¦ . .
A— ?3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st, near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. . MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and aGid. - KROGH MFG. CO.
SECOND-HAND fire and burglar safe at C. J.
PERIAM & CO.'S. 42 Main st.
WE pay big prices for sealskins. Portland
Loan Office. 25 Stockton st. .
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK, 131 Post st.
ENGINES ajid boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st. . -
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern " goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES— New and second hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st. San Fran.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada onu year . f jr |1,
postage paid.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
EXCHANGE and sales office, 321 Phelan bund-
ing-. Market st. — Send' particulars of .anything
you have for exchange or sale or want; regis-
tration free; insurance and loans. :.
WANTED— 2 steam tugs, size from 65 to *75 feet
long; either will purchase or charter • them.
Address Tugs, box 3618. Call office. -
WILL pay cash for good second-hand truck.
Box 3123. Call office. -_
WANTED — To do painting in exchange for
horse and wagon. 3981 Twenty^flfth st.
GASOLINE engines and' other machinery
bought and sold. EPSTEIN,, 638 Mission st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Ninth; tel. Folsom 2S2T
WANTED— 2d-hand upright piano or organ for
rash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1706 Market St.
MONEY TO LOAN.. . , >.. -
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people car
afford to pay. on furniture, pianos, etc.; dc
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market st.
IF YOUR PROPERTY
IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY.
630 Market et«- Loans on estates in probate,
undivided interests in, estates, second mort-
gages, etc. . ' .
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate, intcs-est
in estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16, 1st floor,
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6%; first. 2d. .and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 2.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third St.-
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by . private
party; no removal: no commission: confiden-
tial. Room 3, Cbnservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 68.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, stiver, diamonds.
LOANS on salaries without Indorser or secur-
ity; Eastern plan. Pearson, 309 Phelan bldg.
DEAL direct; furniture, pianos: no removal;
low rate; strictly private. Lick, 116 McAllister.
2% on furniture and pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81, 6 Eddy St.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
ity HILL, r. 44, Merchants' Ex., 431 Calif nia.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan. THE
TOUSLEY CO.. 021 Parrott building.
ON salaries or wages; no indorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome St.. room 2.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
MONEY WASTED.
MONEY wanted— $10,OCO wanted at 6 per cent.,
on ample security; 6 to 12 months. WEST
COAST INVESTMENT CO.. Phelan bldg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL uprights lowest prices and easiest terms.
1 Novella $60 2 Chlckerings (like
1 Heine baby grand new) $200
(like new)' $325 2 Heines $315 up
1 Rteinway J185 1 Hallet-Davis $463
And fifty others: rents $2 up allowed on pur-
chase. We handle all makes. Agents for
famous Hallet & Davis and Heine pianos:
' agents wanted. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217
Geary st. '
$117— MAHOGANY case Fischer upright left
on sale. 217 Geary St., room 38.
I PIANOS THIS WEEK.
The Wiley B. Allen Co.. the new piano house
nt 933 Market Ft., will offer for sale durlinr the
week some most choice and artistic pianos for
• a great deal less thnn what the same grade of
instruments are selling for In this city. We
cell the Pteek. Everett. . Hardman. Conover,
I ,«d win. Packard. Harrington and others;
pianos sold oif to monthly payments; planon for
rent and rent allowed if purchased later. THE
WILEY R ALLEN CO., 933 Market Bt.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN, CLAY
& CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
S years from date of purchase, and hnv« full
price allowed. New upright piano", t« per
mpnth; unme good pianos sold for IS, 14 ami
15 per month, SUBRMAN, CLAY &- CO,,
Bte|nw*V dealers, corner Kearny and Butt«r
*!(•., Pan Vmnnnco', corner Hro&dwsy un.t
Thirteenth st,, Qnhlflnd, '
AflOUT the test tmrgsiB W# offer |o*day is a
good ume<\ instrument fur 150; a better one
(or 1)00 »"ifl tot* at uih'-iti ui g|mo*t your own
price; our great f'ssh ssl a I* «HH on ¦"'! yw
j,av* HfitH i\me I to tflH* ftrtVAPtsg* of It} we
m« ottering pupIi v>ry great fndu^m»nt» Mini.
H « ftj,e enn_aflorj\ t» l*t the opportunity m**,
IlKMOVAfi of KKttWWH t»lftno Harm from
Mflrtet it, 19 our laref «nd elesant quarter*,
Hi i'est si,, emwglte Union squaw, Are new
t»f#paf#d tfl otter *evef8l it*w makM and all
of our old- efoek at «c«atly r*due«d prlees,
.IAS, URftVVn, 314 Vimi at., between mueU-
ten and <*&wgll,
AT BTKON MARY'S, ufvOBT 8T,
You af« Invited to call and hear the Peer*
lees eleetHd self'piayliiif piano attachment;
ran be put In any piano; also to inspect our
piano factory and see how a piano Is made.
Agent Sohmsr, Byron Mauzy, C-abler, Ham-
ilton, gplfrimann pianos. ___ J _ i _^
AfJPOLUTRLY the oldest and largest house
west of Chlcntro Is KOHLER & CHASE'S, 28,
28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
' customer. . \
A LIST of fine second-hand bargains — 1 Emer-
son, 1 Hallet & Davis, 1 Condver, 1 Curtaz, 1
Sterling, $75. $125, $145. etc.; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & RON* 16 O'Farrell St.,
Chlckerln*, Vose, Sterling Agency; also
Apollo, king of self-players.
CALL at our piano rooms in the Flood build-
ing; see new piano stock; get the price and
terms; you can afford a piano If you can buy
It rlzht. THE J. DEWING CO. -
BARGAINS — Clearance sale bargains; upright
pianos, $75 and upward; Steinway, Knabe,
Emerson. Hartman and others; squares $10
lip. BRUENN, 208 Post st.
ABSOLUTE sacrifice — Large cabinet grand up-
right piano; leaving city; 219 Leavenworth.
AN uprlpht piano; must be sold; owner leaving.
HORNUNG, 216 McAllister st.
WILL pay cash for a good Steinway or Knabe
upright. Bos 4191. Call office.
CLOSING out stock of pianos; prices reduced
one-half. W. C. HAMILTON, 8 Flood bldg.
HAVE sold 1 piano; have another excellent up-
right at big bargain. J. H. Kilgo, 846 Mission.
LUDWIG pianos the mc,«>t popular. WILEY B.
ALLEN CO., general agents, 933 Market at.
$3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO., £60 Hayes st.
$117-MAHOGANY case Fischer upright. 217
Geary St.. room 38. •
A SMALL Chickering upright, $125; 6 uprights,
second-handed; your choice at $110. 217 Geary.
AT WILSON'S Storage. 1706 Market St., you
can get storage pianos almost for a song.
BARGAIN — Must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hibernla Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.'
MULLBR. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
MUSIC BOXES.
MUSIC BOXES— Paul Monaco, expert, and the
best repairer and maker on the coast for 15
years; fine Swiss an.I American music boxes
a specialty. 769 Market st., bet. 3d and 4th,
south side: thoroughly understands his busi-
ness and th« rleht party to di»al with.
PROPERTY WASTED.
WANTED— 2 flats of 5 and 6 rooms; .willing: to
'assume mortgage: limit $5000; state location,
price and terms. Box 3146.' Call office.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
TO rent or Uease— Second floor, 620 Market st.,
opposite Palace Hotel; Al business location.
Apply to GEO. H. COVERT. 623 Market st.'
LARGE new store, 2 living rooms, fit for res-
taurant, cheap. Corner Russ and Natoma,
TO let— Small store with living rooms. 24S2
Mission st. '
LOFT, 20x70. 109 Fremont st. Apply, at 10$. .
LIGHT, sunny ofilcps $15 to $20. ( Emma Spreck-
rtp .hiilMlnr. P27 MnrVpt *t.
;¦¦;__' ' '; 'V OIL. . ¦• .-. , ¦, .'.-
CALISTOGA Oil and Development Company;
operating on 2120 acrea of oil land I In nine
districts. Office, 23 nnd 2< Merchants' Ex.
OIL land for sale; 640 acres; Kern County; no
middleman. C. A. WIKMAN, 109 Sutter st.
COSTA RICA — Last chance at 10c: big advance
, in a few days. Paciflc States Mining and In-
vestment Co., 326 Post. Open evenings, y'".
BONANZA Oil Company— Wanted to, buy 4000
, (or less) shares' Bonanza Oil ¦ Company for
cash. Address box 3199, Call office-. >¦
OIL tanks, second-hand, ¦¦ In. good -order;- all
sizes; -cbeJU). MI, .8. WHITE, 516 Mission 1 bL ;
OIL' LANDS.
OIL" lands for sale Or lease' In all parts of; the
State. • We can furnish you with -lands In the
best localities. '¦- If you" are, looking for lands
or wish to Invest In stocks of the leading oil
companies call on us before going elsewhere.
SHEA & PETERSON;. 301 Examiner building.
PAIXTEltS AND DECORATORS.
REPAIRING and painting flagpoles, steeples
and smokestacks; painting and gilding ball,
: $5. J. RONEY, 427 O'Farrellst.
WALL paper, window shades; rooms papered,
$8- up. Jensen & Bath.' 308 Sixth; open even.
pALMISTRY
H JEROME FOSSELLI, scientific palmist, 515
Taylor St., bet. Geary and post; tel. Black 661.
MME. PALMER, palmist, card reader, beauty
• doctress. 624 Kearny St., 1 to 5 p. m.; $1.
MME GERMAINE. the business palmist of the
Pacific Coast. 906 Market st. '-'.¦'•
Mrs. Lamb, scientific palmist and character read-
Ing; lessons In class and private. 204 Ellis, r. 13.
' PATENTS AXD PENSIONS. -
ADVICE free;' no charge' unless successful.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL, Lawyer, Examiner big.
PERSONALS. ~
ABOUT your hair— It is to your Interest to buy
The Star Hair Remedy because' It not only
restores the color but. cures dandruff, stops
falling and grows new hair; it is not- a dye;
no stain to scalp or linen; leaves the hair
soft and silky;. absolutely harmless; call for
it: do not be persuaded, to take any other;
: can always get It at our office, 385-387 Geary
Bt • this week- a free treatment with every
purchase. THE STAR REMEDY CO.
FREE— Success in life can only be obtained
through influence; will send absolutely free
100-page book which explains all secrets of
hypnotism, personal - magnetifem, magnetic
healing; telis how to cure diseases and bad
habits; enables you to win and hold love and
respect of others; anybody can learn in few
days- we guarantee success ; write to-day.
New'Yor,k Institute of Science, Dept. 117 S.,
Rochester, N. Y.
BEST on earth— Blood DOison. itching, skin
diseases, rheumatism, piles, catarrh, any dis-
ease that doctors and old remedies have
failed. We euarantee to cure sure. Call or
write for full Information to the old reliable
King Liniment Medicine Co., permanently
located 628 Montcomery st.. room 22, third
floor. DRS. KING and JONES.
A NEW and harmless discovery, a simple clay,
which will turn white hair black, brown,
auburn or red, and blonde hair a rich golden,
in from four to "twelve hours, according to
shade required. DR. FRANCES C SHER-
MAN, 406 Sutter st. '
CHARLES M. HOERIDGE, left Radcllffe, nr.
Manchester, England, 11 years ago; was then
employed in Whiticher Bleach Works, Mount
Sierra.-. Any Information would be gladly re-
ceived by his mother. MRS. WM. SMITH, 6i
East Brooklyn et..^ North Adams, Mass.
REFINED middle-aged gentleman with means
wishes to correspond with middle-aged lady
with some means or comfortably situated:
object matrimony: no triflers or agents need
answer; strict confidence. Address C. C, box
2240, Call office. Oakland. ¦
A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 488 Geary St.. and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed: preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
AN authoress with an up-to-date, thrilling
novel, now in hands of publishers, well adver-
tised, desires partnership with a gentleman
who would bear publishing expenses for per-
centage of profits; references. Box 3112, Call.
LADIES and gentlemen— Visit the Bohemian
Institute of Dermatology; beautifying the face
a specialty; hair grown on bald heads: erup-
tions of the scalp quickly cured; consultation
free. 131 Post et.. room 3. .
ALL claiming- cures are not hair and scalp
specialists: send for book of testimonials; 1
shampooing, halrdressing and manicuring.
MRS. E. R. DUNLAP, 34 Kearny & 47 Post.
A WOMAN on exhibition, old and wrinkled on
one side of faoe, the other made smooth and
youthful: hundreds are astonished. New York.
Institute Dermatology. 105 Kills Bt.. San Fran.
CIGARETTE and tobacco habit cured at
home; $5; valuable information for liquor,
morphine, opium, all drug habits.' MRS.
WILLIAMS, 1S39 Polk St., San Francisco.
$1 WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
firotch. $15 up; fine dre.«s suits. $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats, $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1U7
Market et. ( between Seventh nnd Eighth.
ELKCTRIC light ill every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third «t,, near Market: 700 rooms;
25o to $160 per night; $160 to 56 per week;
free 'bus an<1 baggage to and from tlie ferry>
rXo psrpets wove tq order end for pale, also
». lipnllle-wxvi: ruK», silk portlier*"*; dea|*r In
ihyiift rwln», in tmnk cr chain, Bt lowest
nites, QEO, MATTHKWE, 70? Plfth.OaMon^
CANCEK "cHf«VVf homa b"y Internal treatment',
no knlfs, plflftsr or polnj booh »wi itejt.
tnonM* nmlled fre<», ean*«r Institute m
West Vr,rty^f?onn et., W, Y, ¦ |
WI^WKnr«r¥avfn7»'"««fl<t vo*\i\on, wlefjas
t<» eorrewmd with u young, intflillipnt l«<1y j
otijept, utrttftly umUUnwy, Mm »134, ('all.
fUHWOb to l««rn hftfrriresNln*, b»lr w«rh, man-
Ipurlfif : private lessons or clssa, MJJ8 A, V,
1 id Y iAi i_T04_Mflf jjiygjj. l!giJli^iyi!LJif*.!:
YOl?N(1 Hiftfi, 83, With H6tn<» »tl#RflK, WlShPg <*0f-
tetiiomietiet) with working sir! m young
widow j object matrimony. !*"*_*' jVCfe)^.
WlllTfl cnatn^l Iron bifiU, rtmte, ihtkcwnn^f
o> dotib™: 12 Mj KAmhmti outfitting
CO,, 1310-1812 (jtocktoH St., ti^af Uroadway,
WANTED— Students of both fixeg lo leatti
medical hypnotism. PROF, G, A, ESTER'
HERO, 141 Powell st '
SL'niS cure for poison oak; guaranteed; will ef-
fect i>crmanent cure In 6 or G days, J. J.
COSTA, Concord, Cal.
LADIES' tailor suits made to order; prices
reasonable. S. KRAMER, Ladles' Tailor, 220
Po well et. ,
A 3-YEAR-OLD dark-eyed girl baby for adop-
tion. MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Eighth St.,
Alameda. - ¦
GENTLEMAN desires the acquaintance of a
lady; object matrimony. Box 3124, Call.
PHIL— Come home; everything all right.
' GEORGE.
ELLIS. 70S— Private family: rooms; use of par-
lor and piano; terms reasonable.
LADIES— Free this week, scalp treatment. The
Bohemian Institute, 131 Post St., room 3.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. • B. RAY, 357 Jessie st.
CORSETMAKER and designer. Mme. . J. A.
Leuenberger, 247 Geary, opp. Union Square.
KUESTER. "The Hair Doctor," narrow-gauge
depot, Oakland; here 20 years; call; write.
SPANISH lessons given by a native Spanish
teacher. fi!3 McAllister. Bt. - - .
TAILOR made suits, $7 60; dress pants, $2 SO.
. Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Dr. Dunton; diseases of men only; sanitarium
6S9 Clay St., cor. Kearny; consultation free.
SPRING stvles Standard patterns now ready.
• "Domestic" office, 1021 Market St.. nr. Sixth.
Dr. Harriet Welch, 2115 Bush; hours' 2. to. 3, ex-
cept Th. and Sat.; electrolysis; 17 years' exper.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL, 817 Market st.
Ladies' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. J. Sllverman, 984 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
"W. F. MEAGHER, 131 • Post, room 7, makes
¦ shoes that fit and wear. :
ALFRE3DUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its, natural color; $1; at all druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes., play ' books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 26c; all druggists. : ' -
PHYSICIANS AND' SURGEONS.
DR-'C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021 Market st. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG ' HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: se»
testimonials at office. 115-117 Manon.'nr. Ellis.
pi c^ ic sff pplie:s ~~
ON your way to picnic or ferry call on MOHNS
A MOHNS. 29 Market St.. for finest wines and
liquors: blggewt house: open Sundays. - ,'' •:•'¦*¦
PILES- i . .
NEARLY 1000 - permanent cures here In' your
midst;- m?iny who have • suffered ; 20 ; to 30
years; over fifty names of prominent • busi-
ness men sent as reference;- no chloroform,,
surgery • or delay • from business, , and no
calves for • «al4. ¦¦ Particulars, address Physl-
clan. box 1950. "Call office. S.-F.. Cal. .
REAL I ESTATE —^CITY—FOR SALE.
NEW COLONIAL RESIDENCES ..
. Just - Completed. ¦
On Lyon St., bet. Clay and Washington..,,
• -11 Sunny Rooms In Each.'. ,
- Hardwood finish; .4 grand . mantels; "electric
lighting; tiled bath with hardwood floor;: the
very ' beat of plumbing • and workmanship
throughout houses; everything that | is needed
in a modern. - flrst-claes residence; see them at
once; open for inspection.- or i apply, to. DAN
EINSTEIN, ¦ owner and • builder, 117 , Sutter st.
ELEGANT, new flat, > 7 rooms and bath; rent
-$40; ; opposite- Alamo square. • 894 , Steiner ' bL
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.-.;.
$22.000— FINE I Income- property;, 27 ".rooms." fur-
¦ nlshed ; « well rented ; also 3 • stores. ¦ ; Owner,
• box S12S. 'Call; office. : : ; " .- : .;•-.:.¦
R E AL ESTATE— CITY— FOB SAX ' 1 ?:
G. H. UMBSEN '& CO., : '
••- ' - ¦ ;• ¦-'"- 14 ' Montgomery Street.
$41,000 — Fine business- investment ' corner, on
..McAllister St.; in stores and fiats: rents
J245 E0 per month; bank mortgage of
U1.0CO,'. can remain if desired; 62:6 feet
¦-'- . -: front..-' V. ¦ .. A • . '•¦-¦
$14,0CO— Three fine bay-window r flats of 7 and
n 8 rooms and bath and rear house, vicin-
ity of Pine and Hyde sts.; nearly new;
rents $1440 per annum; bank mortgage
of $7400,' can remain If desired; 34 :4x
137:6.
$13,860— Three nice bay-window flats of. 9 rooms
and bath eachi all modern conveniences,
rents $118 per. month; bank mortgage
"of $8000, 'can remain if desired; salt
. water piped Into 'flats for bathing pur-
poses ;. 25x137 :6. ".' ' '-•". -.
$18,000 — Three new sunny, flats on Bush St., close
. to; Mason, renting for $160 per month;
steadily rented. ¦ • , '
$5500— Two stores and flat above On Montgom-
ery St.. close to Paciflc; rents $17 30
per month. -¦ . -• *
$12,000— Price reduced to make quick sale; rents
$8S0 per annum; Inside property on Post
• ¦ st. ;: through to rear street; arranged in
flats; bank mortgage of , $4500, - can re-
• .main if desired.
$15,0C0 — Store property; corner on Sansome St.;
rents $110 per month; steadily rented.
$14,000— Leavenworth-st. property, not far from
Sutter st.; two 3-story houses of 10 anj
a 11 rooms; rents $105 per month.
$18,000 — Make an, offer;, double house on Sutter
¦ 6t., close to Jones; rents $10SO per an-
num. ¦
$35, 0C0— Business property on Stockton st, close
to Vallejo; rents $225 per month; 68:9x
137:6.
$27,500— Washington St., between Dupont and
. Stockton; fine brick Investment; rented
¦¦' Chinese for $390 'per month; bank
-. ' mortgage of $11,500, - <?an remain -If de-
sired. - . . ' • . "
$5750 — Two bay-window flats; sunny side of
Scott. St., close., to Haight, renting for
. $51 per month; 25x106.
$11,250— Two nice bay-window flats, nearly new;
. - ,, close to Hyde and Bush 6ts. ; renting for
. $93 85 per month. ,
$3500— Natoma st., near Sixth; 6 flats; rents
$43 per month; 25x75. '¦ .
$8000— Hyde St., near Sutter; 2 modern flats
of 7 and 6 rooms and bath each; rents
$60 per month.
$17,000 — Fine Western Addition in\ - estment; 5
flats of 6. 6, 7, 8 rooms each and cot-
on rear street of 5 rooms and bath;
rent $135: bay windows; brick founda-
tion; 54:2x120 to Lily ave.
$18,500— Elegant home, sunny side of Jackson
' * et., Pacific Heights, containing 12 rooms
and 2 baths; bay windows;' brick foun-
dation; stone walks; furnace; rent $S;;
' : 34:4V4xl27:8%.
• . Call or send for our Heal Instate Rec-
ord. New city map, 25 cents. >
' G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery St., near Market.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery street.
AUCTION,
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
¦ - AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.'
At our salesroom MONDAY. May 27, 1301, at
. 12 o'clock noon.
ELEGANT CHOICE CORNER.
By order of Archbishop P. W. Riordan.
NW. corner Fillmore and Hayes sts.; large
elegant residence; lot 112:6x242:6; Irregular.
Tliis 'property., formerly the Sutro residence,
was acquired for church purposes, but in view
of the proposed Panhandle extension not being
sustained by the Supreme Court and the
Church>remalnins In Its present location we
are ordered to offer this property. This is a
splendid opportunity for builders.
CHOICE DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
628-638 Clay St.- and 627-643 Merchant St., be-
tween Kearny and Montgomery; two substan-
tial brick buildings, 7 Ffcores and Gfflces above.
Several offices on second floor and entire upper
floor consisting of 18 offices temporarily va-
cant. Present rentals $425 per month; owner
has standing offer of $100 per month for upper
floor, for. lodging purposes on a lease; lot 70x
108:9; 2 frontages. : . .
. ¦ E. T. ANTHONY ESTATE.
• '^' ¦' Executors' Sale.
407-409 Commercial St., near Battery; sub-
stantial brick building; 2 stores and 4 lofts;
rents, $130 per month; lot 40:7%x73:8, subject
to confirmation by the court.
FELL-STREET INVESTMENT.
220 to 230 Fell st. and 219 to 233 Linden. ave-
nue, near Franklin st.; improvements consist
of 7 houpes and 4 flats; rents $177 per month;
both Btrsets accept^ by the city; lot 67:6x120;
2 frontages.
CALIFORNIA-STREET- INVESTMENT.
124S California et., north line, near Leaven-
worth; elegant, three-story building In good or-
der; an ideal location for private boarding-
house or flats; lot E0xl37:6. •
HOWARD-STREET BUSINESS PROPERTY.
1126 Howard Bt., north line, near Seventh; 3-
etory and basement frame building; store and
2 flats; rents f65 per month, which are lew;
lot SRxSO; this choice holding one block from
new Poetofflce, . iA
DOWNTOWN BUSINESS PROPERTY
311-313 I'.K'ifln st,, near Mattery; 2 stores and
lodging-house above; r«nt« 150 per month! l"t
44:P»S1;8; bank mortgBg* of 16900 ut « per pent
can rernaln-
POWNTOWN BUSINESS PnOPmTY,
lOOS'liti* Hyd« fit,, ean i(n» near Plna; |m-
nrovomentii «?pns|»t of 9 stares «n4 flat; r«nt
Ii5 per month; lot 3l*G0. •
. C'JJMA HAOAK KBTATR,
)5x«wter«' Sale,
Mubjwt t« eenflrffiftllen by the emnl,
Ne, J,
27tt 'J'lfts Htf, north Hn»- near Pevfssrtero;
rPHl/ieflee ef n rooms and festh; haMmem,
briek fotindfltfoH. e<»meni walks and §trm ae*
eeptcd} let tfixiiQ.'
Ne, t.
Sim Pln# nt,; renMenee f»( 10 reemn and
bath, banement, hilUnrA-room. ete, ; let 30jrliO,
ctioicM coimnn hehidknck,
Nfi. cerner Sixteenth trnrt Cn*iro «ts,{ el«»
gant fMldeflfe of 10 fflorti* and bathj bflek
foundfltlow, cement waihs, ete/J tilcciy elevat-
ed; fine view; lot 30xico; cash above bank
mortgage of I9J0O at 6 n«?r cent.
SOUTH SIt>K INVESTMENT,
4JS Ufyant st,, north line near Third j rent*
dence of 10 rooms and bath; can be readily
converted Into flat*; lot 2.j»w>.
EXECUTRIX PALE.
The following three properties must be fold
to close an estate.
No. 1.
IBS Laldley st.; choice residence of 10 rooms
and bath, stable, windmill, tank, etc. ; large
grounds and garden: no expense spared by
owner In making this an attractive and com-
fortable home; well built,- commanding an un-
surpassed view; lot -150x176, Irregular; this
property fronts on three streets.
No. 2. ¦ '•.."
Laldley 'st.,- bet. Mateo and Roanoke; lot
100x100;- planted in trees and flowers; an ideal
spot for a florist; good well of water.
- — . . . No. 3. •>-"
Laidley St., near • Foirmount; cottage of 4
rooms and basement; separate chicken yards,
large garden, etc.; lot 100x100. ... *
For further particulars apply at our office.
.., > . G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st.
LTON & HOAG,
114 Montgomery Street.
$7000— $1000 cash; Ashbury, near Fell; 10 rooms
and bath. ¦
: $5500 — $750 cash ;' Lyon, ' near Oak; 10 rooms
and bath. '¦"."_""
$3500— Laurel, near Sacramento; bay-window
cottage 7 rooms and bath.. .
$2300— $300 cash, $23 monthly; Twenty-fourth,
near Caetro; almost new; 7 rooms and
bath; a. snap. -
$2250— $300 cash; new house. 5 rooms and bath;
Nome aye., near, Eighteenth and Dan-
¦ : ver8,stsJ .' . ¦ ;:. ¦ .. . • '
$20,000— Jackson st. Investment; ,. east of ¦ Van
Ness 8 fiats; all rented; extra
.'¦* large lot;' total rents -$170. •. -¦
$3250— Rent $32 50; splendid investment; busi-
1 ness property .in Mission; store and flat
in good condition; must be sold, t
$9000— Post, near Lar kin; good 2-story house,
¦ • -10 rooms and bath; has two frontages;
fine place for a doctor. ¦• ' '
$4000— Rent $40; close to Tenth and Harrison
,-¦¦ .sts.;. 4 flats; all rented. "i .
$7250— Rent $840 pern annum; handsome new
flats, - close to Park; -contain 6 and 7
rooms; all the latest 'conveniences.
¦ $2800— Rent $2S; 2 . flats. 4 and 7 rooms, on
- --. (Union st.» near Hyde; always rented.
$45,000^ — Pine business corner; north of Market
,st., not. far. from town; new improve-
¦ ments ; • all rented ; stores and • rooming-
. house, above; pays .' nearly $300 per
¦ .- -month; offer wanted. : • *
$10,000— Corner of Fillmore and . Page; $3x120;
fine place for flats. - . ¦ ...
$20,000- : -Flne large corner on Sutter ' St.. "• near
- Fillmore;. well improved; rents $150 per
month; could be Increased; lot 85x90.
v'A GOOD INVESTMENT.
$57E0— Rent $50; 4 flats. - well located at the
Mission; lot 80x114, of which 40x114 is
vacant; very cheap.
. $2750— Must be sold to close estate; Powell st,
near Green; 2-stbry brick house; 7 rooms
\. ,'. and bath. .-, . p LYON & HOAG,
'*: - , :. . 114 Montgomery st.
JOHN PFORR,. 403 Pine St., near Montgomery.
• $11,000— Rent'.$1488 per annum; a comer prop-
erty in a business part'of the -city; a snap.
J65O0— On . Fulton st., near Fillmore; a fine
house; 9 rooms; lot 27:6x137:6. ¦ - ¦. •
$10. COO— Five cottages and lot 100 feet front by
S2:6 feet depth; on Eddy st., near Scott.
¦ $5750— Rents $535 per annum; a' fine 3-story
house, store and 2 flats upstairs; on Geary St.,
near ¦ Fillmore. ¦' - :..
$2250— Rent $276 per ; annum; 2 two-story dou-
ble flat "houses, near Sixth and Bryant, "of 4
and 5 ¦. rooms • per. flat ; a snap. ' ' ..
-'• $1500 — A 2-story -house: store and 6 rooms on
Point Lobos ave., near Central ave.: a pick-up.
• $5000— A fine double flat opposite Golden Gate
Park ana Stanyan st. ; rent $45 per month.-:
'¦ $8000— Rents $744 per annum; 4 flats of 5 and
6 rooms and bath at' the entrance to Panhandle
of Park.--' ' ¦ -; .. ¦ .. :. •¦/ • - . — -
.' $22,500— Rent : $1380 ¦ per ¦ annum; on McAllister
st.. near Laguna; 55x120 to 'rear street. .
. $2400— Rent $180; Eighteenth St., near Dolores.
$4SC0 — Make offer; rent $385 per annum; 2 fine
flats on Folsom st..' : nr. Fourth; always rented.
MUST be sold to close estate of "W. B. ALLEN,
•" ¦ ': ••••¦; ;•.;•:'• T" -deceased.' /. - ' -'¦ '
200x120— Cor. ¦ Nineteenth ave. and Clement st.
.,' 230x120— Twenty-flrst ave.', near Point Lobos.
j ' 25xl20-^Point • Lobos, . near.. Nineteenth ave. .' i
; SOxlOO-^Point Lobos. . near Twenty-second ave.
. . , , -• ' . -'¦ R. BROTHERTON. Trustee.
' Apply , at r VON. RHEIN REAL ; ESTATE
'¦ CO.. 513 California st.; ... .-'> . - ;•
50x100; '8-ROOMf cottage and stable ;,' SE.' cor.
' and Hampshire sts. ; ; easy , terms.- ¦
REAL, ESTATE CITY— FOR SALE.
: "-.-•. BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery Street.
¦ ' —$16,000 -RENTS $1SOO— ' .
Pays 1 per cent per. month; 3-story and base-
ment brick, building; 2 stores and hotel of 56
rooms; lot 51x137:6; Montgomery st. ¦ ' ¦ • .
-$35.000 BUSINESS PROPERTY
Misslon-st. business 'property; downtown;
pays $2400 net per annum; 5 per cent; 4-story
;ini basement brick building; elevator. •
$8200^ RENTS $762- ~'
Business property on Eighth st. ;¦ short dis-
tance from Market; store; basement and flats;
lot 23x137:6. •
' *'-¦* * . |
-$2500 RENTS $35
Big Interest on the Investment; owner must
sacrifice at once; 2 houses on Harrison and
Alabama sts., .near Nineteenth; Investigate
*75C0 RENTS $70 PER MONTH
Two new flats on'Shrader St., near Haight; 1
block from the Park; contains 7 rooms and bath
each; lot 25x134:6.-
• — $8150- RENTS $900^
Two new modern Pacific Heights flats, on
Devisadero st., near Washington; lot 25x110.
Building lotsT. ....:
..Front the Park ..:.
H st. and Nineteenth ' ave. Boulevard
Prices moderate ,
Terms $10/ per month.
'.Interest 6 per cent on deferred payments
Lots Level.
Streets . Macadamized.
Plank Sidewalks.
Official grade.
Gas, Water and Mall Service.
On Car Line.
Better Class of New Homes
Branch Office at the Corner
of H. st. and Ninth ave., south of Golden Gate
Park; open every day, Sundays and holidays;
don't delay, but Interest yourself In a home
lot at once. Small first payments, balance $10
per i month. Interest 6 per cent on deferred
payments.
BALDWIN & HOWEUU
10 Montgomery Street
A. J. RIQH & CO., Real Estate Agents,
112 Montgomery street.
MAGNIFICENT 4-STORY BRICK BUILDING.
$310,000— One block from Market St., having
three frontages; pays 7 per cent net
per annum; all rented under guaran-
teed leases.
$185,000— Large corner, 137:6x137:6, with substan-
tial improvements, close to Market
st. and Taylor; the only 60 vara to be
had in the business center of the city.
$110,CCO— Geary st.. between Stockton and 'Pow-
ell; lot 55 feet by 137:6; old Improve-
ments; this is the only parcel of land
that can be had facing the plaza: in
view of the fact that the Crocker
- building- Is now under course of con-
struction on the corner of Powell st.
makes this investment the best In the
city.
$53,000— Stockton-st. corner, near Market St.;
full frontage; good depth;' brick Im-
provements.
$35,00O-rJackson-st. corner; fashionable neigh-
- borhood; contains beautiful parlors, re-
ception hall, billiard-room, 9 bedrooms,
2 baths.
$32,000— Sutter-st. corner office building; not
far from Powell: fully occupied by
professlonal men; Income $2400 per an-
num.
$30,000— Mifsion-st. water lot. near Beale st.;
45:10x137:6; old Improvements.
$27, 500^- Franklin St.; magnificent corner resi-
dence, near Pacific ave. ; contains all j
the latest modern improvements; largs
lot.
$23,000— Sacramento st., near Sansome; 50-foot
front; property Is always rented; pays
6 per cent annum. •
521,000— O'Farrell St., 3 flats near Larkln: 9
rooms and bath In each; renting for
521C0 per annum.
$12,500— Pierce st.; large residence; lot 75x137:6;
beautiful grounds; marine view.
$12,600—3 flats; O'farrell at., near Devisadero:
all modern Improvements; splendid
tenants; property never idle; pays tine
revenue.
$8, 710— Elegant new residence; 10 rooms and
bath; every modern convenience; Cen-
tral ave. ; one block from Park. I
MADIBON h BURKE,
Established January, J85S,
Real Estate Acents.
Full Charge Taken of Property,
f2i> Market st,, opposite I'alaee Hotel,
Oeary e,t,, inside lyftrktn; WxW7;«! partially
Improved; only f?3,GGo; cheapest offering on (h«
Street.
|3flCA=-n«autlfuf T^room house, pear FJght*
aenth 6f»d I'wtra pts, ; must' sell an account
(it ftUMfWea; \,,t ZSulOOi hou«a in b**t eefldltfon,
U3ua=Offpr wanted; Prick improvements »n4
Jot; (-'lementlrm sf, ( near FlMtj lot 25x75; IWW
hmtgas? fan f*m»in»
Ci\t!fii>={P' P&rrell si,, ns»r P«vl«a/J«fo; eon-
tsifl« « room* ami i-mli *n4 gtable; rents 12s;
only itfxKi,
V<U/>=*UrQa6w&y, noar OeUvlA »t,{ 7 room 1 *
Hh'l bath; a iw> home in »>>!•¦» g*@M@n; let
34 4 1*1, ' ' '
T <4tM»=Tw<ifltleth *t., near Valefleiai S reems
afl'1 hflth nnA Pt»l<l=S Irtt Z*X114.
li'.'ii'''— liHftiiunil tnrnWn Ixitis" In th° best
part flf the marine view section" et tht eity,
$2S&o-Twenty-fifth «„ near Baneheaj • rooms
Hln1 bath,
jl:,fio-Knl=>oin at,. n»nr Mb; 33xd4; two hous'3
nt 119 each; total 1*2.
$50W»t*ost St., near tJaker ; lot and Improve-
ments! rent $33; lot 23x137:0; must be sold to
closa Mint*.
»6o00— Pine st., near Scott; two flats; rents
$57 50; lot 2.">x 137:6.
Laundry building with 3 flowing wells of Al
waier, tnnk3, barn and lot 168x120, on north
line of Lombard st., between Fillmore and
Steiner} also lot 152x120 on Chestnut St., in
rear; rents $73 per month; must be sold on ac-
count of non-residence.
110,500 — Fine vacant property; lot 87:6x90, with
two corners; Taylor and Greenwich sts.; just
the place for a grocery.
$3600— CheapL Sixth st.. near Brannan; 3 flats;
there Is a good future for this property.
$7000— Harriet St., near Howard: lot 50x75,
holding frontage to Sixth St.; rent *56.
$1950^Florlda st., near Twenty-fifth.; cottage
5 rooms and bath; lot 20x100.
•¦ MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market st.
W. F. AMBROSE & CO., '.
REAL ESTATE BROKERS,, •
41 and" 42 'Chronicle building.
$20,000—33x83; Howard, near Second; rent $90.
J21 COO— Manufacturing center; Beale, near Mar*
vet.
$6,500 — 50x75; Clementina, nr. Second; rent $30.
$3 200— Tehama, nr. 1st; 2 houses; rent $21.
$3,750— Natoma, near 1st; rent. $23.
$4,000— Clementina, nr. 1st; rent $39.
-$6,300—25x137:6: Oak, nr. Scott; modern flats;
5 and e rooms and bath ; rent $33.
$2,200 — Executor's sale; 27x103; modern cottage;
5 rooms and bath; on car line; bank
mortgage $1700; make offer.
" $2,900— Business property: 33x125; Valencia St.;
bank mortgage $2300 can remain; partly
Improved.
W. F. AMBROSE & CO.Jt
. . - . 41 and 42 Chronicle building.
SUNNTSIDE.
$700 — Cottage of 4 rooms; this property will be
sold for mortgage; no payment down;
$9 SO per month. -
$1330— New modern cottage of 5 rooms; grand
view; worth $2000; must be sold; terms
to suit. . .- - -
$1250— Desirable house of . 6 rooms ; this prop-
erty will be sold for mortgage; any rea-
sonable cash payment, balance same as
• rent. ¦ •¦ ¦ " ¦• :,. t'- •:•,: •.",
INGLESIDE. ' . .¦ •
$1800 — Modern house of 6 rooms and bath; fine
' view of ocean; free water; Faxton ave.
$6000— Beautiful modem residence of 8 rooms
and bath; conservatory, stable and other
¦buildings; lawn, flowers and shrubbery;
lot 100x122:6, feet; small payment down,
' balance monthly; • •. ¦¦
A. E. RUDELL, 222 Sansome St., room 2,
first floor.. . . " • * ' I ' _ .
HAWKS & SKELTON. «.
Rents Collected ! and Entire Charge Taken
of Property. -
$15,000— Octavia St., near California; handsome
residence, 11 rooms; bllllard-room and large
basement; large; lot; sunny all day; sold ¦ to
close estate.
Old Pioneer Hall, on Montgomery St., corner
Gold, near Jackson; can be repaired for a few
thousand; will pay well; lot 39:6x137 and L. 20x
40; rents last year were $170 per month.
$6500 ¦ Investment — O'Farrell. • near - Laguna;
rents $30; never vacant r see us about this.
$2500— Cottage, 8 rooms; Tennessee St., near
Union Iron Works; rents steadily $20: a bar-
gain; Rlsdon Works will soon have 2000 more
men employed nearby. . ¦
$3000— Lot on south side Chestnut st., west of
Hyde; 27:6x110; fine view of bay.
HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st.
$23,000— AN elegant home on Pacific ave.. near
Scott st.: very large, lot, 68:9x127: , can be
.bought cheap If purchased at once; unob-
structed marine view.
; $8500— Choice location; Larkln st., nr. Geary.
' $6500— Rents $55: 3 flats on Church st.. near
Fifteenth: large mortgage can stand; this Is
a banraln. , - -'
$4000— One ; of the best . investments in . the
city; an entire - block, 240x600,^ south of the
Park. > A
$3600 — Rents 11 per cent per annum; -street
. accepted by the city; Clementina st-.-nr.-4th. ¦
'. $550— A fine snap; a lot facing the Ocean
boulevard; cost $S00; owner has to leave and
must sell at once! •'
.• .-' McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st.
$3500— A BEAUTIFUL home Just - finished ; 7
rooms, bath and basement; every modern con-
venience; saloon parlors, electric lights; finest
sanitary plumbing; come see It to-day, Sun-
: day; open from 10 to 2 p. m. ; 21st. Just east of
'Castro. G. A. TURNER & CO.,
• Real Estate, and Insurance
.. - Brokers, . 11 . Montgomery.
6-ROOM houses; up-to-date; easy terras; Eliz-
abeth St., ¦ near Douglass. J. ANDERSON,
.builder.". -
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
• . . . 638 Market Street.
_;
SEE THIS TO-DAY— ELEGANT CORNER
FLATS AT A SACRIFICE; this is the cheap-
est property offered in this city to-day; 3 large,
elegant corner flats; 28 feet frontage; sun in
every room; interior finished without regard to
cost: large plate-glass doors, porcelain bath,
nickel-plated plumbing. Ingrain paper, etc.;
rents |70; price J65CO. * ¦ .
LOCATION.
SOUTHEAST CORNER SANCHEZ AND CLIP-
PER STS. ;. Twenty-fourth or Castro 8t car»;
owner on premises. ¦ .
ON YOUR OWN TERMS: AT YOUR OWN
PRICE— Elegant modern cottage; will be fin-
ished In 5 days; « rooms and bath, porcelain
tub; tiled blrdseye maple mantel; dome ceil-
ings; large basement, etc.; light and sunny:
large lot: price i2',Z0: owner on premises; loca-
tion. 1217 Sanchez St., near Twenty-fifth.
FORECLOSURE — Elegant Pacific Heights
marine view residence: will be sold for mort-
gage- and Interest: right of redemption almost
expired; residence, 9 rooms and bath; lar«:e lot
30x117: 2 frontages; the greatest bargain on
Paciflc Heights to-day. '
CFARRELL-STREET CORNER FLATS—
41:3 frontage, on northwest corner: 5 new, ele-
gant flats with every modern convenience; will
pay 10 per cent; price $:8,0CO. .'
LEAVENWORTH-STREET INVESTMENT—
57:6 frontage; walking distance Market and
Kearny sts. ; 3 fine large well-built houses of
9 rooms and bath; always rented; price $15,000.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT — Near Ellis
and Leavenworth sts.: S flats in Al condition:
always rented for 11572; 83 feet frontage; prtca
SNAP— NEW MODERN* WESTERN ADDI-
TION FLATS, 7 and 8 rooms and bath,: round
bay windows; light and sunny; cars pass; Yl-
dnlty Paciflc Heights; rents |36O; price JS30O.
ELEGANT MARINE VIEW CORNER— On
Jackson St.; will sell for value of land; superb,
unobstructed view of entire bay; 27:6 frontage;
2 modern fiats of S rooms and bath; bank mort-
gage $2800. • .
ELEGANT RESIDENCE— Few feet from Van
Ness ave.; lot 26x137:6: aristocratic neighbor-
hood; 10 rooms and bath; conservatory, etc;
price $12,000.
PARK PANHANDLE RESIDENCE; FORCED
SALE; SNAP— Large, beautiful home; 1 block
from panhandle; 9 rooms and bath; must be
sold; mortgage $4000 can remain; price J30OO.
PAYS BIG INTEREST— 6 fine, well-built flats
of 4 and 3 rooms; rents $.*>16; lot 25x112; near
Sixth and Howard sts.; price $4000.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
633 Market street
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S Market Street.
Foreclosures!
All Must Be Sold!
All Must Be Sold!
TUESDAY, May*a<?th. 1301.
At 13 O'clock Noon.
At Our Salesroom. 638 Market Street.
MARKET-ST. INVESTMENT— No. 1731 Mar-
ket «t-. nr. Brady St.; lot 38:llxi:4:« ft.; Im-
provements, stores and flats; sold by order
court; rare chance to secure a bargain.
BRYANT-8T. IN VESTMENT— Southeast Bid*.
Nos. 847-49-61 Bryant st., E3:6 southwest nt
Boardman place; 4 well-built flats of 3 rooms
each; always rented at $32 per month.
O'FAnRELI^PT, CORNER— Nertheast rornar
I/itfuna and Crarrell »ts,: «:«»Sr5 f»«t; elegant
northeast corner, situated la th«- best portion <-t
tb* W«at»rn Addition urul a nuwt 4a*fri*blit nit*
tar fiftt», whUb would r«»4tly rent f«r i.u*
POWtfTOWM FLATS O.V ELLl* BT,-tforth
UlAa, Net, HM-l***t> |;it)* at , t/r, (ami uttvt nt
Oetavia nt, j Sfl;«* XXI ;9 ft. { » •»•»*?*«» ma4«fn U»<#
ef » reefjw »tu\ t»»th, jtist nm*ft"4i sunny *uu
street, nothlnir fln«p 1» lh# «Uy; r#tiw IW»j
nv« minuted walk from Market and Kenrny
Hfteta.
PULTON'W/ eOflNitt^iwth«e«t tor. fltt-
chan<in; 17:5x34 f««ft; eholr- «tt#, r-i'ly iet
buitdln«; Btr««t bltutniaUed; esm«nt stdowallii
muot fc» aolA. < • "j
TWEKTIBTH-ST. COHNCR— Northwtstt cor-
ner. No. 8574 JOth st. and Lexington ave. (for-
mcTly Stevenson st.): Nos. 384-S4-M Lexington
ave.; store and flat of 7 rooms and bath and t
flats of 3 nnd 4 rooms; lot 30x85 feet; total
rents $78 per month; » fino buslnesa corner.
BRYANT-ST. LOT— Northwest side Bryant
St., to feet northeast of Ninth st. ; 48x90 feet; a
fine lot which, if properly Improved, would par
large Interest on the money Invested.
POINT LOBQS-AVE. CORNER— Southeast
corner of Point Lobos ave. and Cook st.1 40*
123 feet: a fine buslnesa corner on the princi-
pal -business street of Richmond.
RICHMOND BUILDING LOTS— East side
Boyce st., 73 feet north of St. Rose's St.: 50x120
ft. ; fine site for a home ; must be sold.
MISSION BUILDING LOTS— South side 27th
Et. ; 80 ft. east Noe st.; 160x114 feet: sold to
close estate of Henry Cassanova.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
¦ 63S Market street.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Realty and rents both going up.
Secure a lot from us and be Independent.
$S0O to MOO— Graded lota In Sunset District;
superb view; selling rapidly; $10 monthly.
$350 to $750— Choicest Rlchmands lots; $19
monthly. •
$75. $100 to $350— Level Ocean Boulevard lots;
all bargains; $5 monthly.
$75, $100 to $250— Level lots, near Mlsslon-st.
can; ready to build on; $3 monthly. -
SZOO. S10OO to $3300— Splendid cottages; remark-
ably cheap; choice locations; easy terms.
Branch office. Ninth ave.. near H st.. Sunset.
SOL GETZ ft BRO..
64 Chronicle Building.
$16,0CO— A FINE corner residence; Pacifies
Heights; good marine view; 13 rooms; 2
baths.
. $S75'>— Three new flats; rents $83.
$5300— Corner lot on Laguna st. ; 96x137:6.
$4000 — Modern house at the park: 8 rooms;
street .work done; your own terms.
JS25-^-A fine buy. Twentieth st., near Dia-
mond; 25x97.
$600—5 level lota near Courtland ave.
$1430— Central ave.. near Waller st. : 25xl'>7.
A fine lot for three flats : Page st. ; 27x127.
JEROME ENGLISH.. 11 Montgomery st.
BARGAIN ON EASY TERMS.
Two well built five and six room flats on
Guerrero St., near Fifteenth.
, Fine five-room cottage on Tremont ave.. only
two blocks from Park.
. Cottage of five rooms and bath on San Bruno
ave., near Twenty-fourth st.
¦j OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Poat st.
SUNNY corner lots always a good speculation.
$9000—60x100: NE. cor. Clay and Central ave.
$3000— 40x8J:6; NE. cor. Bush and Devisadero.
$9000— 60-ft. business lot; Devisadero.
' JSOOO— Elegant home, fully furnished: Haisht.
- $150 — NW. cor. south of Park: Installments.
•; THOMAS McMAHON. 23S Montgomery St.
COZY Easilake home of 8 rooms, bath, laun-
' dry. -high .'basement, brick foundation; must
be sold; lot 35x103: 33 Hill St.. near Guerrero.
W.H.-CRIM & CO.. 118 Montgomery st. -
NEW 4-room and bath cottages; easy, pay-
ments. 52-54 Prospect ave.. Mission.
.For Additional dassified~Add» B««
¦ ; Page Thirty-Four.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 19, 1901.
34
REAIi ESTATE — CITY — FOR SAJ^
218-220 Montgomery Street.
NEW TWO-STORY RESIDENCE.
118 000— Pacific ave.; contains 10 rooms, S baths;
planned and built In the most modern
up-to-date style; painting and interior
decorations by Keefe; lot 35 ft. front.
BARGAIN IN MISSION WARM BELT.
$7500— Large lot 50x122:6 ft., with modern two-
story and basement residence of 8 rooms
and bath; house only four years old.
VAN NESS-AVE. RESIDENCES.
Prices See those three new modern residences
$12,500 on Van Ness, between Vallejo and
to Green; now being finished; dining-room
$14,200. finished In oak, stained-glass windows;
7 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms, billiard-room,
etc.; easy terms If desired.
BIG BARGAIN.
$3,000— NE. corner Sixth and Clementina eta.:
lot 35xS0:6 ft.; 2 Etores with 22 room*
above; rent S1C0.
SUTTER-ST. RESIDENCE.
$6000— N. line, near Webster; contains 7 rooms
and bath; lot 24x75 ft.; $2800 bank mort-
gage at 6 per cent can remain.
SANSOME-ST. CORNER.
$15,000— Two-story building; rents $110; lot 84:44
it. by 67:6 ft.; this is a foreclosure sale.
IN WHOLESALE! DISTRICT.
$37,500— Close to Howard, near Second ; large lot,
75x160 ft. through to rear street; pres-
ent rents {115; should have new build-
ing.
CARL-ST. RESIDENCE.
$S200— South line, near 6tanyan Bt.; lot 25x100
ft.; lower floor; drawing-rocm and din-
ing-room en suite, kitchen and pantry.
Second floor — 3 large bedrooms and
bath; bouse only SO days old; mortgage
amount, $2500; 6 per cent interest.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS LOT.
$5500— S. Jackson, east Maple; 75x119:6 ft.
EHAINWALD. BTJCKBEE & CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
218-220 Montgomery Street.
MISSION BARGAIN
WOO — 22d et., near Valencia; house of 7 rooms
and bath; lot 40. ft. front; make an offer;
must be sold this week.
RICHMOND COTTAGE:
12000— Reduced from $2250; Sixth ave.. near Cali-
fornia et.; cottage of S rooms and bath;
just built; $500 cash will buy it; balance
easy.
PRESDIO HEIGHTS CORNER LOT.
$3200— SE. corner. 32:6x63:10 feet, with unob-
•tructed view of Presidio and the bay; only
fWO per front foot.
FINE RESIDENCE.
$9500— SW. corner Laguna and Green sts.: lot
25x100 feet; contains 10 rooms and baths; open
plumbing, etc.
MISSION LOT.
$S00— 27th Bt.. near Church; size of lot 26:8x114
feet; a bargain.
VAN NESS. NEAR PACIFIC.-
SS50O— Van Ness ave. residence; bargain; lot
alone worth the price; contains 9 rooms and
bath; near Paciflc ave.; lot 25x100 feet.
J19.C00— North side Broadway, with unob-
structed marine view; new modern residence: 7
bedrooms; 3 baths; modern in all respects; fin-
ished In natural woods; walls are tinted; lot
40x127:6 feet.
A MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE.
$12,500
North side of Vallejo st., between Buchanan
tod Webster; lot 40 feet front by 317:6 feet in
depth, with modern residence of 12 rooms and
2 baths; house about 5 years old; inspection
•will prove this to be one of the biggest bargains
in maxine-view homes ever put on the market;
lot and Improvements have been appraised by
competent brokers at over flo.OOO.
INVESTMENT— PAYS 14 PER CENT.
$7000 — Rents $S2 per month; south of Market
et.. between Third and Fourth; call at our
office for full description.
CORNER FLATS.
$5000 — Corner of Buchanan st. ; modern flats:
renting for J64: lot 24_S1:3 feet.
$3250— Florida Et., near Twenty-fifth; lot 27x
100 feet, with house of 2 flats; rents $27 50; you
can cay $500 cash, balance in monthly pay-
ments of $36 65 or less if desired.
S2000 — West line Church St.. south of Twenty-
?"ishth; cottage of 5 rooms and bath; rents for
$15: modern; lot 25x100; a bargain.
$£000— Three modern flats; Jackson st near
Broderick; rents $78 50; for sale at less than
cost.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO..
21S-220 Montgomery st.. Mills building.
BOVEE. TOY & SONNTAG,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Houses Rented. Rents Collected and Full
Charge Taken of Property.
624 Market et.
SSO. 000— Choice piece on Kearny st., close to
Market; pays 5 per cent net; fine brick build-
ing on same.
$41.000 — Comer on Geary St., near Taylor St.;
frame improvements: pays 6 per cent net.
$32.500— Choice lot on the north line of Turk
St., near Van Ness ave.; fine location for flats-
size 87:2%xl37:6 feet.
$32.500— Choice corner on Battery st., close to
California £f_: fine 2-story a.nd basement brick
building on saxae; Jot 29:10',2i70 feet.
J25,O0fi — Geary st., downtown corner; good 3-
story building rented to one tenant for $125
per month, which can be increased.
J15.OC0— Geary St.. not far from Taylor st. :
2$ feet front; if property Is improved would
pay well on the investment.
$12,000— Hayes st., near Buchanan et.: 2 flats
on Hayes st. and 2 on Linden ave.; lot 27 -6x
120 feet; rents $&0 per month.
$10.000— Vorth side of Post St., close to Tay-
lor et. : choice lot; caji be made to pay good in-
come on investment if improved.
$7000—2 fine flats on Buchanan St., near But-
ter St.; rents $56 per month.
$6500 — Nice residence of 8 rooms and bath on
Ecott et.. opp-jsiife Duboce Park; lot 25x112 feet-
in fine condition.
$5500— Eddy st-. near Buchanan st.; 3 flats
and rear cottage; lot 25x123 feet, through to
Linden ave.
$5000— Eddy St.. near Guerrero st.; 2 flats-
rents $54 per month.
$3600—2 modern flats on Broderick st.; rents
JS6 per month.
$4756— 19th et.. near Valencia St.; nice house
cf S rooms and bath; lot 25x89 feet; rents $25
per month; mutt be sold; make offer.
$1300— Modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath
on Iowa pt., close to Union Iron Works.
ALL GENUINE BARGAINS IN THIS LIST
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st!
$1300— Eight-room house on Union at.; terms
half cash.
$1500— Five-room cottage near Buchanan st.
$1800— Seven-room house on Broadway; a snap.
$2200— Three flats near Mason and Sutter ets.";
rents $21.
$2500 — Store and 4 rear living rooms on Mission
¦treet.
$2400— Five-room cottage, half a block from
Ninth and Market sts.
$S2£0 — Seven-room house on Leavenworth St.;
very cheep.
$3500— Store, flat and house; rents $36; near
Fourth and Mission Ets.
$3600— Store, with rear rooms and flat above;
reduced from $4500 to make »ale; near Eddy at'
$7500— Four brand new fiats; all rented; $72;
east of Van Ness ave.
$10.000— Store and 2 elegant flats; pay about 7
per cent net.
$17,500 — Two etores and 2 flats; no vacancy In
S years; rents 1107; lot 60-foot front.
$18,500— Grand Investment: modern Improve-
ments: lot 70-foot front; near Taylor st.; rents
$170; all rented.
$25.000— Greatest bargain In city; lot 40 feet
front; 4-story brick building: all rented and
pays positively over 8 per cent net; within a
few blocks of Chronicle.
$33,000— New improvements; rents $245- 50
feet front: close to Sutter and Leavenworth ste
$36.000— Mission Bt.; 70-foot frontage; down-
town district.
155,000— Post 8t. corner, downtown; splendid
building; 60 feet front; paying 6 per cent net.
Other barcalnB.
Apply A, M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
VON RHEINREAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.),
613 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
112.000— Union 6t., near Taylor; 25:9xl28:9- 3
modern fiats and rear house; rents $99 60.
$8250— McAllister st., near Stelner; •26:6x110-
bouse of 7 rooms and bath.
$S0O0— Paciflc Bt., near Powell; 40x60; store
and 3 flats; rents $69.
$7CW0 — Folsom et.. near Fourth: store and flat'
rent $65: 25x80.
S6750— Vallejo St.. near Laguna; 22:10x87:6;
hcuse of 11 rooms and bath: rent $43.
$5500— Buchanan St.. near Post; 24x87:6; house
of 7 rooms and bath; rent $35.
$312;; — Post 6t., near Baker; 25x137:6; 2 flats-
rents $37.
J5000— Corner Leavenworth st. and Broadway
cottage and 2 flats; rent $41. '
$4500— Pine et., near Buchanan; 25x110; house
of 7 rooms.
$3900— Harriet st.. near Bryant; 25x75; 3-story
building: rents $40.
$3£50— California st., near First ave.; 21x63;
house of 8 rooms and bath.
$3750— Jones Ft., near Vallejo: 45:10x58:9- 4
flats; rents $40 CO.
?3350— Clementina St., near Sixth; 20x80; house
cf 6 rooms and bath; rent $23.
UNIMPROVED.
$18.000— Union st., near Mason; 93:6x137:6.
s;."<»0— Greenwich St., near Taylor; 45:10x137-1
S5C00— Capp et., near Twenty-fifth: 65x115
J4S00— Union St., near Webster; 68:9x137:6.
SSjOO— Fulton St., near Flllmore: 32:6x137:6
$3000— Laguna st., near Page; 25x100.
$2500 — Corner Thirtieth and Dolores: 26:6x100
II250 each — Dolores, near 30th: 25x100; 2 lots"
$650— Lake St., near Thirteenth ave. ; 30x72.
FOR Bale as a whole or in subdivisions; 60-
vara lot; south line Union St.; 137:6 feet east
of Pierce. Lot, northeast corner Green and
Pierce sts., 103:6x137:6 feet. Inquire of
CHARLES C. BEMIS. Real Estate Broker,
S24 Montgomery st. ¦ ¦ > • n
FOR sale at a bargain, a handsome 11-room
residence a half block from car line: south
front; splendid view over the city and across
the bay; easy payments. Box 3l27,\CalI.
"WANTED— To rent a small Improved place in
the country; give particulars. Box 3141, Call.
REAL ESTATE: CITY — FOR SALE.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st.
WESTERN ADDITION HOME. ¦
Sunny house on N.W. corner; 9 rooms and
bath; sun in every room: finished basement;
price $7500.
RENTS $66. PRICE $0000.
House and flats on Vallejo st. ; in good con-
dition; new plumbing, etc.: always rented;
large lot, 43:9x137:6; on north side of street.
FOLSOM-ST. PROPERTY.
BO-ft frontage, on the north side of Folsom
Bt.. between Seventh and Eighth; old improve-
ments bringing in a nominal rent; owner anx-
ious to sell: offer wanted; will put in as part
pay for good Income property.
INCOME PROPERTY."
Downtown flats, bringing in rents of $2130
yearly; price only $19,000: a safe, good buy.
CAPP STREET. _
8-room cottage on Capp St., near Eighteenth;
30-ft. lot; price $4000.
WESTERN ADDITION HOME.
On Sacramento St.. near Webster; key lot,
7 rooms and bath; price $4600; a quick sale
desired.
IN THE MISSION.
On Twentieth St.. near Mission; 9 rooms and
bath; could be turned into flats; price $4100.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
Cheap corner lot, commanding marine view;
on Pacific ave.; near fine residences; price
$12,000.
SOUTH OF MARKET ST.
Shipley st.» near Eighth; 4 flats; rent $40;
owner anxious to sell; price $3600.
CHEAP COTTAGE.
Twenty-seventh St., near Sanchez; 3 rooms
and basement; large lot: price only $1200.
GOUGH-ST. RESIDENCE.
Fine large residence on Gough st; 14 rooms;
large lot, 57:6x137:6; a fine home; price $18,000.
RICHMOND HOME.
6-room house on Fifteenth ave.: very large
rooms; could be turned into flats; price $3250.
Send for list of cheap lots.
LOTS! LOTS! LOTS!
All Over Town.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st.
SELECT your lot anywhere; we" will buy it for
you erect a house to suit and sell It to you on
very easy terms. THE MCCARTHY CO., 64G
Market st.
BUYERS, attention— $11,000; rent $125; well Im-
proved business corner; large lot and 4
cheap lots; must Bell. Owner, box 3136, Call.
FOR sale — 3-room house, lot and barn. 2 blocks
from car line. Apply at Mrs. B. WAGNER,
1307H Scott st.
FOR sale— Well-constructed, modern residence,
8 rooms and bath. In a desirable location
near park; reasonable terms. 660 Mission st.
A. BALDASSI & CO., 206 Montgomery ave. —
Doing fair business with English. French,
Italian and Spanish speaking people.
BARGAIN— That elegantly decorated now mod-
ern 10-room residence. 775 Cole st. ; open daily.
IF vou have lots to sell north of the Park,
then call on W. J. OUNN. 530 California st.
REAL ESTATE — COUXTRY — Fop Sale
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery St.
Special bargain — 160 acres near Yuba City,
Sutter Co., short distance from Marysvllle; all
under cultivation; all rich valley, land; few
beautiful live oak trees; good buildings; well
watered and well fenced; this land has been
producing profitably and is especially adapted
to nearly all kinds of fruits; this will be sold
in whole or in part at a very low price.
Also 140 acres, all under cultivation; rich
valley land: good buildings; well fenced; short
diFtance from Yuba City, Sutter Co.; will be
cold In whole or in part to suit purchaser and
at an extremely low price.
The two above pieces should be seen to be
appreciated, and if contemplating purchasers
will call or write for information a bargain
will be given. R. D. BROWNE,
Manager Country Department.
THE MEZES TRACT AT BELMONT.
Containing over 500 acres, with many beauti-
ful lots covered with oaks and other trees and
commanding grand view; within 1 hour of the
city; In subdivisions; price only $75 per acre
and up.
For further particulars address
McAFEE BROS..
108 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
FINE farm of 620 acres, near Marysvllle; 480
acres wheat, 15 acres garden, berries, fruits;
balance summer fallowed.
A water right to 2000 Inches of water goes
with the place. The ditch will cover several
thousand acres. The water right alone worth
the price asked for the place. This must be
sold to close up an estate; price $25 an acre.
Address box 476. Marysvllle.
IF you are looking for a home in the most
prosperous part of the State write or call for
my list on poultry or fruit farms and stock
ranges. R. P. QUINN, room 46, Chronicle
bldg. . San Francisco, or Watsonvllle. Cal.
$3500 — 500 ACRES mountain landj fenced; 20
acres improved bottom land; fine trout
streams; will pasture 100 cows; near school
and railroad town; time to suit. Box 23,
Cloverdale. Cal.
VINEYARD FOR SALE:
30 acres Zlnfandel grapes; vines 10 years old;
situated 37 miles from San Francisco, in Ala-
meda County. Box 3151, Call office.
MARION GRIFFIN. Real Estate Agent, 719
Market St.. by Call bldg.— Free circulars de-
scriblng farms for sale all over this State.
RANCHES — Fruit ranches, dairy ranches,
chicken ranches and general ranches for sale
and to rent. JOSEPH BAILIE, 759 Market.
BARGAIN— For sale or lease, 4% acres; neat
San' Mateo; good soil; level; Improvements'.
Call at 5 p. m. at 207 Church st.
$450 — NEAR Oakland; 10 acres to lease and
personal property for sale for $450. Particu-
lars GAMAN & ALLEN, 215 Kearny st.
WANTED— I want to sell or trade my ranch
of 126 acres; well Improved; my cash price is
$3500, or I will trade for good farm In Kan-
sas. For further descriptions and particulars
address J. D. SKEED, Fisk P. O., SonOma
Co.. Cal.
FOR s*le or exchange for Oakland Income prop-
erty — A beautiful home In town with excellent
income; must be sold at once; price $4000;
terms to suit. Adrets box 19, Llvermore, Cal.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
• free list. C. R. "WTNFIELD, Petaluma. Cal.
FOR Mendocino County stock ranches and
farms address W. M. PEERY. Uklah, Cal.
SAUSALITO REAL ESTATE.
SAUSALITO residence for sale; the beautiful
home of WM. G. BARRETT, within 3 min-
utes' walk of depot; large modern house of
20 rooms an-i 2 baths; completely furnished;
private gas works; fine well; magnificent
view of bay; large grounds, under high cul-
tlvatlon. Apply S. G. HINDES. 330 Market.
REALTY TO EXCHANGE.
$4500— FINE 6-room house and bath; good
neighboro; healthy locality; will exchange for
water front land around the bay in Marln,
Contra Costa, Alameda, San Mateo, Santa
Clara. Napa or Solano counties. Address
box 3197, Call office.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
ALAMEDA BARGAINS.
$800— Lot 45x150, one block from Park St., with
6-room house; easy terms.
$1100— Lot 25x145; neat cottage, 4 rooms and
bath; nice garden; street work done; only
one block from Park st.
$1500— Lot 33:4x125; 5 rooms and bath; on Cen-
tral ave.: must be sold on account ol
departure. ,
$1900— Lot 30x150; up-to-date cottage of 6 rooms
and bath; $250 cash, balance $20 per
month.
$2000— Lot 40x150; near Morton st. station; ele-
gant new 7-room cottage; $500 cash, bal-
ance $25 per month.
$3500— Lot 40x150; Morton st. etatlon; 8 rooms
and bath; 1%-story house; basement all
finished; $500 cash and $25 per month.
$4000 — Lot 40x150; Morton Bt., near station and
school. Elegant 2-story house of 8 rooms
and bath, billiard-room, etc.; new and
up-to-date; $750 cash, balance less than
• rent; great snap.
Choice lots cheap for cash. Houses built tc
order on easy terms. Houses to let in all parts
of Alameda, H. P. MOREAL & CO..
v 1422 Park St..
, Alameda, Cal.
PROPERTY SACRIFICED.
Some great bargains in Alameda real estate.
For ' Bale.
An elegant 7-room cottage; lot "50x150; on
choice avenue; must be sold; only $2750.
' A fine 6-room modern Colonial house, all
latest impro%'jments, to be sold ;' $2500.
A nice 2-story house, large lot, 8 rooms, tc
be sacrificed; $2450; easy terms.
Good 7-room cottage; lot 45x150; foreclosure;
must be sold at once: price to close, $2350.
Call and see us. We have some great bar-
gains for sale and on terms to suit. - -
Houses built, rented and exchanged.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
» 1500 Park St.. Alameda,
:,•- • v Fniitvale ave., Fruitvale.
BARGAINS for Investors. ',
Bargains for homeseekers.
Homes built on terms to suit.
Exchange for San Francisco property, cot-
tage (2 flats) of 10 rooms; lot 25x120; half block
from station.
Apply to G. R. DENKE, West Alameda
Real Estate Office, Webster Bt. and Cen-
tral ave.
HOUSES built in any part of Alameda; $50C
cash. 125 to $30 per month. J. H. YOUNG,
builder. 1243 Park st.
¦ ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS! BARGAINS!!
Dcn't fall toUnquire about these properties
whether you want a home or simply a paying
Investment. . *""
$1350 — 4-room house, windmill and tank; lot
60x150; $100 cash, balance $10 per month.
$2300— Beautiful 6-room 2-story house; sunny
side of street; easy terms; worth $4000. _
$450— Nice 4-room cottage; good well on the
place; close to station and school; stop paying
rent and buy this. •
$300 cash and $25 per month will buy a new
modern 7-room cottage, most desirably located;
lot 40x150; if you want a home this will surely
suit.
We will build you a home In any part of
Alameda, one-fifth cash, balance at 8 per cent.
If you wish to buy, sell or rent don't fall
to see «s. W. K. CONGER & CO.,
1501 Park Bt., Alameda.
Phone, Grand 176. ¦
HAMMOND & HAMMOND,
Real Estate.
We have some choice building lots on which
we will build '•"" « hnvrm on easy terms.
_, HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
2326 &dnta Clara ave., Alameda.
ALA3IEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
FOR rent— Suite 2 rooms in Alameda, with
board: location central : surroundings best;
references exchanged. Box 4104, Call.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BARGAIN— Must be sold; fine new 2-story colo-
nial house 7 rooms; hall, bath, pantry room;
high basement; lot 40x100; street work done:
half block to electric car; 2 blocks to railroad
station; price $1600; easy terms. J. R. PER-
KINS,- Lorin station, Berkeley, formerly Oel-
lerich & Perkins.
FINE, almost new, 2-Etory 6-roomed house;
bath; high basement; electric fixtures; street
work done; right at station and electric cars;
price $1600; $200 cash, balance monthly pay-
ment. J. R. PERKINS, Lorln sta., Berkeley.
SEE those fine, new, modern, up-to-date six-
roomed cottages we are building; also 7, 8 and
. 9 roomed 2-story " colonial houses; half block
to electric cars; 2 blocks to railroad station;
prices ranging from $1700 up; small payment
down, balance on monthly installments. J.
R. PERKINS, Lorin station, Berkeley, for-
merly Oellerich & Perkins. Office open Sun-
days.
DO TOU "WANT TO BE BEHIND THE TIMES?
If not, take a look to-day at those houses on
Prince st., Lorln; 2-story house of 9 rooms and
only $3300; corner lot; street work all done.
Two-story house of 7 rooms and only $2750;
guaranteed to be as well built as any house
erected and equipped with electric lights,. gas.
Combination fixtures.
Window shades.
Cement sidewalks and the ability to cook
your potatoes with the aid of the sun's rays;
each house has a
SUNSHINE WATER HEATER.
Mind you, living in one of these houses you
need never be without hot water, night or day;
take a look at them and when ready to talk
business call upon
JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate.
t Adjoining P. P., Berkeley.
$2000— $100 DOWN, balance $20 per month; new
5 or 6 room cottaee at Ashby Etatlon, Berke-
ley; porcelain bath, tiled sink, stationary
tubs; high basement; fine mantel and gas fix-
tures; all sewered and ready to move into. W.
C. MORAN & CO. *
WHEELER Tract, adjoining the U. C. grounds;
call for map. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$2200—7 LARGE rooms on one of the best streets
In Berkeley; "new"; only 2 blocks to train
and electric cars: $300 cash, balance $20 per
month. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$1750— 6-ROOM house; good as new; lot 42x120; 1
block to train; 80- foot street; worth $2500; must
sell on account of departure; $250 cash, bal-
ance $20 per month. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$150— ACRE lots. W. C. MORAN & CO.. Lorln
station and Schmidt block, Berkeley.
$1400— SEE this fine home;<lot 37:8x120: cottage
house 6 rooms, bath; hot ana cold water;
brick foundation; well and city water; fine
garden; street work done; close to cars and
station; easy terms. H. D. IRWIN, Lorin
etatlon.
$1200— $100 CASH, $15 -per month, buys this; a
decided snap; lot 40x100; cottage house, 4 ex-
tra lanre rooms, bath; hot and cold water;
high basement: street work done: one block
from Ashby station. H. D. IRWIN, Lorln
station.
$1000— 2-STORY house, 7 rooms, bath; hot and
cold water; lot 40x100; street work done; half
block from station; $100 cash, $20 per month.
H. D. IRWIN. Lorln station.
$5750— CHOICE Berkeley home; lot 60x154; house
of 11 rooms, bath, halls, eta; modern and
finely built; close to university; in best resi-
dence section. H. D. IRWIN, Lorln station.
TRADE for city property; a beautiful home;
2-story house; large grounds; fruit trees;
barn; chicken houses; on main street to uni-
versity; this property is clear; will exchange
for city property and pay cash difference.
Address H. PLODM.
A bargain; new cottage, 4 rooms, bath,
pantry, stationary tubs, brick foundation; high
basement; a block to electric cars and station;
price $1400; only $100 cash, balance same as
rent; $15 monthly.
New cottage of 5 rooms, bath, pantry, bay-
window; one block to railroad station, street
cars and stores; price $1800; $150 cash, balance
$17 50 monthly.
Snap; cottage of 5. rooms, bath, high base-
ment, brick foundation, stationary tubs; large
lot; fruit trees, windmill and tank; well-
kept grounds; good location; price # $1650;
terms, $250 cash, $15 monthly.
Take Berkeley trtiin and get oft at Lorln
station; office west side of railroad track.
Open Sundays.
RUDOLPH. PERKINS & LYON.
$850— PRETTY cottage of 4 rooms; fruit trees
and flowers; near schools. MAY &. MORTI-
MER.
$550— FINE sightly lot on Arch St., near Vine;
street macadamized; a sure snap. MAY &
MORTIMER, Berkeley station.
$2000— FOR a snap; 7 rooms and bath; street
work all done; near cars; grand view; only
$2000. MAY & MORTIMER.
$3500— FINE 10-room house; modern; faces
south; near cars; street work all done; dirt
cheap: only $3500. MAY & MORTIMER,
Berkeley station.
$2300— 6-ROOM house on Grove St., west front,
one block from local ; street work all done. '
$6500— The best bargain In Berkeley; will
rent for $76 per month; % block from U. C.
grounds.
$1400— 5-room house; large corner lot; cheap.
Apply S. S. QUACKENBOSH,
Opp. First National Bank.
SACRD7ICED— UNFORTUNATE OWNER.
For $250 over the mortgage — Brand new colo-
! ntal home of 8 large rooms; fifty-foot lot; close
to station; balance on monthly payments;
chance to get a snap.
- GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$25,000— EXTRAORDINARY offering; thlnk~of
it; never occupied; magnificent home; simply
• too large for owner; unexcelled location.
$12,500— A magnificent suburban home, bet.
i Oakland and Berkeley; cost $25,000; 5 acres
choicest grounds; admirably situated; must
Eell.
$18,000— Grandly situated central Oakland
residence; cost $27,000 in 1891; an estate forcing
sale. ¦• ¦ . .
i $8000— A banker's home; going to Europe;
I quick sale wanted: expended $17,000 on 8 rooms
and half block of land; superb place; make
1 offer.
, $7500— Beautiful Piedmont; . absolutely chol-
1 cest 8 room new home there; grand situation
t $8000— Lakeside district: close In; 12-room
residence; splendid value; offer considered.
, $6500 — Linda Vista terrace; choicest location:
, beautiful 10-room home; every appointment.
$5250— Cost $8500; elegant; 9 rooms; superb lo-
cation, near 14th st. and Broadway.
$4500— Lakeside district; corner: 7-room cot-
tage; lot 50x100; worth $4000; must sell quick
$5250— Flats, new and modern, 7 rooms each'-
rents $50; mortgage $3000; builders must sell;
bargain.
$4250— Flats, 6 rooms each; corner: modern*
• occupied by owner; would rent: $40; bargain '
$6000— Cost $8500; 4 blocks 12th and Broad-
l way; business future; 2 houses; rents $42 50 a
month; snap.
[ $5000— Roadside investment; saloon, black-
smith shop, flat; 100 feet;v ground rents $60;
, bargain.
$4250— Two acres choicest fruit; 2 colonial
; new 8-rdom houses; tiptop order; choice bar-
gain. * , .
$3400— Modern 8-room home; 33d and Tele-
graph; 33x170; barn; well located.
$3350 — Modern colonial cottage, 6 rooms; near
20th and Brush; 50-foot lot. ' . .
$2730— New modern 2-story colonial, 7 rooms
porcelain bath; Inside 30th St.; bargain. I
$3000— Eighth and Adeline; splendid 6-room '
cottage; 50-foot lot; sunny side.
$2850— Special sacrifice; modern 2-story, 9.
room home; 5 blocks of central" Broadway;
fine order; cost $4000; must sell this week.
t $2830— Adeline St.; 8-room, 2-story; 35x125;
must be sold.
: $1850 — Flats. 4 and 5 rooms; Market Bt '
North Market station; rents $18.
$1500— Snap; Clinton station; modern 5-room
cottage; $150 recently spent; in fine order.'
$1350— Snap; Adeline station, 2 blocks;- 5
rooms; street macadamized: almost new home
$1150— Brooklyn station; 6-room cottage; 35_
) 112; a good home; bargain.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
460 and 462 Eighth St., Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE. • ;
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. ',
Auction I .. .
Auction!
• Auction!
Auction!
Auction !
Auction!
Auction!
Auction!
SATURDAY, M AY 25. 1901.
SATURDAY. MAY25, 1901.
SATURDAY, MAY 26, 19 0 1.
SATURDAY, MAY 25, 1901.
• ' At Salesroom, .
v 003 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
Bv Order of the
Executor* of the Elizabeth Hutchison Estate.
The following property must be sold to close
the estate: ,
Business property on 14th St., between "Wash-
ington and Clay; one of the best business
streets In Oakland; opposite the City Hall and
the Hotel Touraine; lot £0x100, now occupied
by the Sanborn Nursery: this is the only lot
in the business section of 14th st. that can be
had; all others are Improved.
Telegraph-ave. building lots: four choice lots
fronting the avenue; 43 to 60 feet frontage, 140
feet- in depth; the finest location on the ave-
nue; just north of 26th St.; easy walk to train;
electric cars pass the property.
On "Gth st., near Telegraph ave. ; . 5 beauti-
ful building lots, 40x100 each: on the north
side of street; they get the sun all day; the
street work is all done; fine location; close to
town; between two electric car lines.
•
Piedmont; nearly twoacres on Vernal ave.,
at the end of the car line; choicest residence
site in Piedmont; overlooks Oakland. Alameda
and San Francisco; no winds; no fogs; climate
perfect; 20S feet on the avenue by 260 feet in
depth.
Fronting Broadway, Birch or 50th st., Ver-
non or 51st st. and Diamond "st. ; 26 lots, as a
whole or in subdivisions; lots 25x150 each.
Claremqnt lots, 18 In all, fronting Claremont
ave., Hudson St., Hardy St. and First ave.;
fine chance to get them at your own price; in
subdivisions.
Four acres on Pleasant Valley ave., close to
the Piedmont electric line; very fine piece of
land and will surely double in value; adjoins
the property of the Realty Syndicate.
Arrangements have been made to secure 75%
of the purchase price should loans be desired,
repayable in annual Installments, Interest pay-
able quarterly at the rate of 7%% per annum.
TITLES ARE PERFECT.
Abstracts and certificates of title made by
the Stocker & Holland Abstract Co. furnished
to date of sale free of expense to purchasers.
Send for Catalogues.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
903 Broadway, Oakland.
'• - ' . . • i
$5500 — VERY desirable home on west side Tele- '•
graph ave., near 29th st. ; house has 9 rooms,
bath and all modern Improvements; lot 40x
130; best location on the avenue. WILLIAM
J. DINGEE. 903 Broadway.
$7000— BEAUTIFUL home on Myrtle St.; best
location; handy to trains; easy walk to
Broadway; house Is new; has 9 rooms, bath;
fine basement; every modern improvement ;
an ideal home and very reasonable: lot oOx
100. WILLIAM J. DINGEE, 903 Broadway.
$8500— A RARE chance to secure one of the
finest homes In Oakland at a price which is
$1500 less than the value of the lot, which is
' 100x100; NW. corner: beautiful grounds;
plenty room for another house; house has 9
rooms, bath and modern improvements; is
east of Broadway. WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
903 Broadway. Oakland.
$15 PER MONTH. TOTAL ONLY $1000.
Cottage of 5 rooms; sunny side; handy to
San Pablo ave. : walking distance of down
town; street "and walks complete; snap for a
home or investment.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$3230— FULLY FURNISHED.
And on Exceptional Terms.
Comfortable 7-roomed cottage; also cozy
little rear cottage (renting for $7 50) ; lot 60x
150; only a block from Broadway; owner
away; must be sold; total rental value $40.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1CD8 Broadway, Oakland.
$1000— IN EAST OAKLAND. : « :
6-roomed cottage; sunny side; handy,' to
Brooklyn station; street work all done; terms
If desired. - f
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$3500— IN EAST OAKLAND.
A bank sale; chance to get a bargain; ele-
gant Eastlake 7-roomed cottaged, .with all
modern improvements and extra well built;
• lot 50x150; nice garden, stone walk3, etc.;
sunny all day; choice location; handy to
school, churcheB and train; terms If desired.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$4000— FINE established grocery corner; store
and 5 rooms; nearly new; street complete;
best location In all Oakland; sacrificed on
account of ill-health of owner; part cash. ¦
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1C08 Broadway, Oakland.
RIGHT ON BROADWAY.
$1500 and $2000— Two cozy cottages, 4 and 5
rooms; double frontage: owner going away;
will sacrifice for a speedy sale.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$100 CASH, $10 monthly— 1% acres of choice
land, covered with assorted fruit orchard In
full bearing; also a running stream, with Im-
mense shade trees; no better soil can be had;
lovely spot and well sheltered, away from
winds and fog; near, electric cars and fine
3-story schcolnouse; climate superb . and
charming view; price all told, $1150; adjoin-
ing East Oakland. Call .or send for circular,
455 Seventh St., opposite Broadway station,
Oakland; carriage free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
S. M. DODGE & SON.
Real estate bargains; unimproved lots on
easy terms or 10 per cent oft for cash; Realty
Syndicate certificates taken as cash and at
Delightful homes at from $1500 to $8000.
S. M. DODGE & SON,
1160 Broadway, 'Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The "Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO J LET.
$16— 5-ROOM.flat; modern; new. -
$12 50 — Store; newly papered; off Broadway.
$28—8 rooms; open lawn; near train.
$35—8 rooms; elegant place; Piedmont. .
$10 — Flat 4 rooms;. near local.
$20^-Cottage, 6 rooms; fine location.
$12 — t-room .flat; near local.
$40—12 rooms; near train; fine location.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO., 1003 Broadway. Oak.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR 'SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland:
SPECIAL NOTICES. ,_
LADIES— Chichester English : Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable; take no other;
' send 4c s tamps for particulars, "Relief for
'Ladles" in letter by return mall; at* drug-
gists. Chichester Chemical Co., Phlladel.. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-19; teL 5580.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRCITVALE REAL ESTATE. -
H. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station, Cal. !
For sale at a great bargain— V& acres of rich
soil; modern cottage of 4 rooms and bath, hall,
basement, etc.; large stable; chicken-houses;
fine artesian well; windmill -and tank: choice
fruit trees; price $2500; located near Mills Col-
lege; terms to suit. ¦ >"^C- ¦
$2200— New modern cottage of 4 large rooms;
7- foot basement; good brick foundation; bath;
closets; lovely pantry: choice fruit trees; lot
100x372; fine location; fronting on main county
road.
$1600— Chicken ranch of 1 acre; cottage of 3
large rooms and basement; stable; chicken-
houses; large brooder-house: choice fruit trees
In bearing; fine .location; just the place for
raising chickens.
$1250— Modern • cottage of 4 rooms and bath :
high basement; lot 35x115; fruit trees; located
in the best part of Fruitvale, only half a block
from Fruitvale ave.; easy, terms if desired.
$1150 — Bay-window cottage of • 5 rooms and
bath; 7-foot basement; good brick foundation,
etc. ; barn; chicken-house; lot 50x116; 1 block
from electric cars; easy terms.
$1100— House of 4 rooms; stable; incubator-
house; 10 chicken-houses; large brooder-house;
7 brooders; incubator; lot 100x150; all fenced;
easy terms. .
$1050— $150 cash, balance same as rent;" fine
modern bay-window cottage of 4 rooms, hall
bedroom, etc. ; high basement ; good brick
foundation; 4 blocks from local station; this
is a bargain.
J7C0 — House of 4 rooms; stable and- chicken-
house; 10 bearing fruit trees; lot 50xl4Q; all
fenced. !
$675— Cottage of 4. rooms; large. stable and
chicken-house; city water: lot 62^x108; fruit
trees; 4 blocks from electric cars. •
Chicken ranch of 5 acres In bearing orchard;
good. house of 4 large rooms; barn and chicken-
houses; for rent at $12 50 per month; stock
and fixtures for sale, consisting of 460 chick-
ens, clucks and geese, good horse, harness,
wagon and buggy, 1 cow; located on main
county road, 1 mile from Fruitvale station.
For particulars apply to H. A. PLEITNER,
Fruitvale station, Cal.
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
A Special Notice — The Home -Building Com-
pany has removed its office to south side of
railroad track on Fruitvale ave.
Do you want a home in Fruitvale? We will
sell you one without payment dov/n, Just like
rent.
$550 — House of 5 rooms; plastered; large lot;
abundance of flowers: ?7 70 per month
will buy this home; no payment down.
JSOO— House of 8 rooms and bath; city water;
very large lot; chicken-houses and barn;
$11 20 per month; no payment down.
$300— Lovely lots in Forest Park; 50x170 feet;
will loan you money to build.
$900— House of 5 rooms; lot 50x150; city water
and a good well; payments $12 60 per
month; no payment down. * • •
$1600 — New modern house of 6 rooms and bath;
4 blocks from Fruitvale station; no pay-
ment down: $22 40 per month.
$800— House of 3 rooms; 2 lots; 1 block from
sehoolhouse; 3 blocks from station; no
payment down; just $11 20 per month.
$1000— House of 5 rooms; lot 45x145; all fenced:
$14 per month; no payment down.
$500— House of 4 rooms; large lot; good pump;
no payment down; $7 per month. , .
Houses of all kinds to let; money to loan in
any amounts. Remember this address: The
Home Building Company, south side of railroad
track on Fruitvale ave. W. E. RUDELL.
' MILL VALLEY REAL^STATE^^
THE HEART OF MILL VALLEY.
Formerly Known as
The Wormonth Tract,
Now to Be Called
Sunnyslde Tract.
This beautiful tract, consisting of over 40
acres. Is now being subdivided into lots and
will be Immediately placed upon the market
for sale. Streets will be graded, macadamized
and sewered. The California Title Insurance
and Trust Company of San Francisco will
issue an insurance policy for every lot Bold
guaranteeing title.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
10S Montgomery St., San Francisco.
IN Mill Valley— A nice home for sale cheap on
account of departure. 526 Turk St.. S. F.
ROOMS FOR _HOJUSE KEEPING.
AUSTIN ave., 102— Three nice housekeeping
rooms for rent.
ELLIS, 639, cor. Larkin — Large sunny bay-win-
dow; wooden mantel; use of kitchen.
FOURTH, 225— Nice "furnished rooms for house-
keeping; also single. • \
FULTON, 308 — 2 sunny housekeeping rooms;
coal stove; yard and ' basement.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 847— Elegantly furnished
suite for housekeeping or for 2 gentlemen;
references.
HAIGHT, 222 — Two perfectly appointed house-
keeping rooms for a couple; telephone.
HOWARD. 728— Room suitable for two; house-
keeping allowed; reasonable; also single room,
$5; gas. |
HYDE. 408 — Sunny front alcove complete for
housekeeping, $20; also basement suite. $16.
JUNIPER. 2, off Folsom, between Tenth and
Eleventh — 2 unfurnished housekeeping rooms
and bath; rent $8.
LAGUNA, 1029, cor. Turk— Two sunny furnished
rooms for housekeeping; bath and gas.
LANGTON, 15, near Seventh and Howard— 3
neatly furnished .rooms: hcusekpg; rent $10.
LARGE front sunny bedroom and> kitchen fur-
nished complete for housekeeping. Apply at
shoe store, 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and '2d sts.
LARKIN, S04— 2 rooms for housekeeping, $10;
large front and back room, $8 and $10.
LEAVENWORTH, 405, near Ellis— Furnished
and housekeeping rooms.
MARKET. 2482—2 sunny housekeeping rooms;
bath; private family; adults only; $10.
MINNA, 222— Housekeeping rooms; also sunny
- double room: rent moderate.
OAK, 119— Sunny front room furnished house-
keeping; gas; suitable 1 or 2; $5.
PINE, 13C0, cor. Hyde— Sunny furnished front
room; running water; light housekeeping; $10.
TURK, 613 — 2~ furnished housekeeping rooms,
$10 per month; 1 large unfurnished 'room.
\wENTY-NINTH St.; 2 front housekeeping
rooms; gas stove; bath; $8. Box 3155, Call.
VALENCIA. 1232—2 furnished rooms, house-
keeping; gas; bath;- near depot; sunny; gas
stove. ¦ .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A rikANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
K WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ROOMS TO LET — Purn. and Unfurn.
A^n^B^RirHO^rlELTlir^rant; ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel in city: polite attendance;
large rooms, f.Oc up; meals 25c: free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 14S Sixth— Rooms?
3 25c to $1 per night ; $1 25 to $3 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CENTRAL House, 62 Second st.— Furnished
rooms, from $1 to $3 per week.
CHESTNUT. 266—1 furnished; 1 unfurnished, $4
monthly; fine view over bay.
CLAY, 1019%— A neatly furnished front room
with fine view of bay; rent reasonable; bath
convenient. ¦
CLEMENTINA, 434%, near Sixth— Large fur-
nished room In private family, $3 month.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable..
ELDER Room-renting Bureau, 22 Kearny St.—
Tel. Red 2334; rooms furnished or unfurnished.
ELEVENTH, 120 — 2 sunny rooms; modern con-
veniences; stove and bath: $12.
ELLIS, E97— Newly furnished sunny rooms, en
suite or single. ' - y.-v,- ; .
FIFTH* 353 — 2 furnished housekeeping, $10; also
single rooms, $4 to $7.
FILLMORE, 1940— Sunny furnished front room;
double bed.
FOLSOM, S20, near Fourth. — Furnished rooms,
$1 per week. . - / ,
FRANKLIN, 20, near Market— Furnished or un-
furnished rooms; references. •
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission Ets. — Sunny rooms, en suite' or
single; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HOTEL. ST. DENIS, 24 Turk, near Market—
j Steam heated, fireproof, new building; new
and elegant furniture; single rooms and
suites with or without private bath; hot and
cold water, electric light and return call-
bell In every room; elevator and full hotel
service; rates 75c per day "and upward: ref.
HOTEL FRANKLIN— Elegant suites and first-
class table; ' special ; rates to families and
young men. ¦".•".
HOTEL FRANCISCO— Elegant suites: single:
. transient: baths. Mrs. King, Turk and Taylor.
HAMPTON place. 17, .off Folsom, bet. Second
and Third— 4 sunny rooms and yard.
HOWARD. 959 — Nice sunny room for gent; pri-
vate family; $o.
HOWARD, 2107— To let. parlor suite; sunny;
suitable for doctor or dentist; rent reason-
able.
JESSIE. 812, near Ninth — 3 unfurnished rooms;
low rent.
MARKET, 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rooms $2 a. week up; 35c a day up.
MARKET. 1027%— Nicely furnished front room;
terms reasonable. '
METROPOLE, 6 Turk, cor. Market— Newly fur-
nished rooms from 50c to $2 per day. ¦ • ¦.
ROOMS TO I^rg^g^-^^^*
"SS&J& r°^lgl_^g_g^
NATOMA. 1019%
Twelfth-Nicely fu^ ed H s X housekeeping
suite or i single; also Hgm
rooms. ; * —
, NEW house. 309 Flfth-Nlcely furnished bay-
window rooms; gas. running water. 58. **>
$12 month. . \ ¦
OAK. Ill-Large sunny furnished room. «ult-
able for 2. - ¦ . '
O'FARRELL.-20-Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, ween, m^
POLK, 603-Sunny suite; also smaller room;
rent reasonable. .
ROSEDALE House. 319-321 Ellis ««--/*2__1L
night, 25c to |1; week, $1 25 to Ul QP« n D> g Bt :
ROOMS TO LET.
A-For rooms, apartments. "<> use |»tf ( 5 1 1 ? ? b_i?d"
nished, unfurnished, with t>rj?" h S^>x^rfNG
finest* in city, see ELDER ROOM RENTING
CO.. 22 Kearny St.; tel. 2334 Red.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis-Incandescent llght^
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies par
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week. 12 to
JS; month, ?S to $30; elevator on ground noor.
t rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth -t,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SHOTWELL. 121— Single furnished front room,
f 3 50 per month. ,
SIXTH, 121— Furnished and unfurnished rooms;
¦*ome for housekeeping. ¦
SUTTER. 834— A nicely furnished alcove front
room.'* -j. ____
THE Crocker. 913 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
TURK 268 (The Lake)— New house; newly fur-
nished ; board optional. Phone South 422.
VAN NESS. 1000— Large, sunny front rooms:
suitable for 2 or 3; $10. 112. 115; all conven ca.
WALLER. 633. near Pierce— 1. 2 or 3 rooms
and use of kitchen and dining-room. In small
family; no children; references. .
ItOOMS AND HOARD. '
CALIFORNIA. S07— An exceptional table: pleas-
ant rooms and surroundings; good service;
popular rates.
PINE and Mason (Hotel Oliver)— Elegant sunny
suites or single rooms; private baths; excel-
lent table and service.
VALENCIA-ST. Hotel, 71S Valencia St.. Mission
warm belt— Good board; fine rooms; reason-
able rates: cars pass the door.
WANTED— An elderly lady to board in tha
country; terms very reasonable. Address A.
L., Sonoma. Sonoma County, Cal.
CALIFORNIA, 807— An exceptional table; pleas-
ant rooms; good service; popular rates.
PINE, 1006 (The Victor) — New management:
thoroughly renov.; sunny suites, with board.
A FAMILY hotel, Wllmott. 728 Sutter— Sunny
rooms, excellent table and service.
HOTEL Repelier. 781 Sutter— Newly furn.;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
HOTEL Las Palmas. 1820 ::arket— Suites. 2 or
3 rooms, bath, connecting; board optional.
THE GAGE. 428 Geary — Nicely furnished rooms;
excellent service; board optional; references.
ROOMS and board; prices reasonable. 415 First
st., between Harrl3on and Bryant.
» ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
BOARD wanted— Lady and 2 children; In re-
fined family; vicinity of city; Napa or Son-
oma preferred. C. B., 423 California st.
COUPLE and child 10 years old desire room
and board; central. MR. STEWART, 21 Tay-
lor st. m
SEWING MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
SECOND-HAND 'machines, all makes at al-
most any price you want to pay; all kinds
rented $2 mo. 145 Sixth st. ; phone Mint IS.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
HIGH-ARM Singer sewing machine for sale
cheap. 2216 Mission St., corner Nineteenth.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired ; open even. ; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts. : tel. Main 5713.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st. ;
teL Main 1840: shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
slon St.; tel. Mint 1821. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TTPEWRITER^^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 91 (twenty
cents per share) of the Hutchison Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company. 327 Market st., on anil
after Monday. May 20, 1901. Transfer books
close on Wednesday, May 15. 1901. at 3
o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Sec.
MAKBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Patrick J. Moran, 32, 530 Seventh street, and
Mary Dean. 25. 589 O'Farrell street.,
James F. Gibbon, 24, 1121 York street, and
Sadie F. McNamee, IS, 516 Mcultrie street.
George S. Green. 22. 442 Valencia street, and
Margaret Ryan, IS, 3368 Nineteenth street.
Abraham P. Daien. 28. 951 McAllister street,
and Ethel Daien. 19, 951 McAllister street.
Frank Thompson, 20, 429 Bush street, and
Annie Thomas, 20, Crockett.
Robert W. Nelson, 24, Nineteenth street, near
Castro, and Pauline D. Labie, 16, Suisun.
' Fernando M. Schmitz. 35, 42 Joost avenue,
and Ampro Vioget. 37. 42 Joost avenue.
Bartolomeo Cuneo, 31, 1600 Green street, and
Anna Cademartcri, 20, 1600 Green street.
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices 'sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.
BARRY— In this city. May 14. 1901, to the wife
of James Barry of Stent, Tuolumne County,
a daughter.
DOLAN— In this city. May 18, 1901, to the
wife of Thomas F. Dolan, a daughter.
DREES— In this city, April 25, 1901, to the
wife of Herman A. Drees, a daughter.
EGAN— In this city. May 16. 1901. to the wife
of M. H. Egan, a son.
HARRIS— In this city. May 11. 1901, to the
wife of- C. R. Harris, twins— a son and a
daughter.
KENNEDY— In this city. May 8, 1901, to the
wife of J. M. Kennedy, a daughter.
LEWIS— In this city. May 16. 1901, to the wlfo
of L. A. Lewis, a daughter.
MCCARTHY— In this city. May 17, 1901, to tha
wife of Edward McCarthy, a son.
NESBY— In this city. May 8.-1901. to the wife
of James M. Nesby, a daughter.
PARR— In Oakland. May 15, 1901, to the wife
of W. J. Parr, a son. ,
QUALMAN— In this city, April 13. 1901, to the
wife of F. H. Qualman. a daughter.
ROLPH— In this city, May 14,- 1901. to the wife
of James Rolph Jr., a daughter.
VERDIER— In this city, April 2, 1901, to the
wife cf Paul Verdier, a daughter.
WELCH— In this city. May 13, 1901, to the wife
of William M. Welch, a daughter.
— — -
BUCK— MANLEY— In this city. May 14 at
Sacred Heart Church, by the Rev. Father
Byrne. Ernest H. Euck of San Luis Obispo
and Elizabeth G. Manley of San Francisco
COLE— HODSON— In this city, May 16 1901
- by the Rev. John Stephens, Arthur Hubbard
Cole and Myrtle Hodson, both of San Fran-
cisco.
GAMBS— HILL— In this city. May 14. 1901. by
the Rev. J. Fuendeliner. August Gambs and
Maude S. Hill, both of Winters, Yolo County
Cal.
LANGE— SINGER— In this city. May 14 1901
by the Rev. J. Fuendeling. Henry W. Lanee
and Elsie jjinger, both of Oakland. Cal^
DIED.
Anderson. Ausrusta McCarthy. Maud F
Bacigalupi, Silvio N. McCormick. Sister
Bardwell, AUfcustlne Mary Raphael
Benn, Ester .- McKarley. Sarah G
Blansfleld. Edward Maguire (infant)
Brandt, Frits H. D. Maiki, T ;"" a ° 1 -'
» Brown. David P. Maloney. Cornelius
. Cottrell, Edward M. Newhouse. . Adelia
Callahan, Catherine Osgood, L E
Davison, Constantia Percy, Miss C. B -
.. Dwyer, Margaret y Qualman, Major C.
Everts. Major Edwd. Reeves. Frances E.
• Fitzsimmons. James Rlthet. Edward P
Flanagan, Mary E. Ross, Ann S.
; Fox. Annie B. Savage. Thomas
Giannini. John Shea, Michael .
Graham. Rose Simmons. Louise J
. Huntington. Geo. W. Torrey. Linton
Jepsen,- John H. Trov, Katie
Johnson, Carl Wainrisht, Robert S.
Kilgallon, James Ward, Maud E
Lambert. Mrs. Sarah Wheeler. ¦ Margaret
Loew, Aaron White. Patrick
ANDERSON— In this city. May 18, 1901,- \u-
gusta, beloved wife of the late John L. An-
, derson. daughter of Adolph Hedberg. and
dear sister of Mrs. G.' Lindegren and Anna.
Emma, Eva. Charles, Janita and th» i*».
Hilda Hedberg. a native of Chicago, m
(T_rFriends and acquaintances are resnect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-mor-ow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her father, 2248 Filbert street, between Fill-
more and Steiner. Interment I. O. O. f
Cemetery.
BACIGALUPI— In this city. May 17, 1901, sii-
vlo Nat Bacigalupi. beloved son of Silvio and
Katie Bacigalupi. a native of San Francisco
aged 9 months and 27 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances ara respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 3 o"clock, from his late resi-
dence, 9 Calhoun street, off Union, between.
Montgomery and Sansome, thenca tc x s ?,
Italian Cemetery for Interment.
BARDWELL— In this city. May 13. 1901. An .
pristine S. Bardwell, late of Colcmba Qa_.
temala, a native of Texas, aged 57 years.
BENN— In this city. May IS. 1301. Ester, be-
loved daughter of Walter G. and Catherins
G Benn. and Bister of Willie. Bella and
Walter Benn, a native of San Francisco,
aged 3 years 1 month and IS days.
BL1NSFIELD— In the City and County Hospi-
tal May 13, 1901. Edward Blansfleld. a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 45 years.
BRANDT— In Oakland. May 17. 1901. at 6S-1
Forty-second street, Fritz H. D.. beloved
husband of Mary Brandt, and father of Oscar
Brandt. Mrs. Oscar Dcwna and Lenore and
Fred Brandt, a native of North Germany,
ased 55 years and 11 months. A member of
Temple Lodge No. 11. A. O. U. W.
|T_rFriend3 and acquaintances and members
of Temple Lodge No. 1L A. O. U. W., ara
respectfully invited to attend the funeral
services this day (Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, at
the A. O. U. W. Hall, corner Fifty-first
street and Teleeraph avenue. Oakland. Fu-
neral under the auspices of Temple Lodgs
No. 11, A. O. U. "W. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery.
BROWN— In this city. May 16. 1901. David P.
Brown, a native of Connecticut, axed S3
years.
CTFtlends and accjuaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday) at 1:30 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, South San Francisco, under the aus-
pices of South San Francisco Lodge No. 212,
F. and A. M.
CALLAHAN— In New York City, suddenly.
May 16 1301. Catherine T. Callahan. widow
of the late M. B. Callahan. and mother of
Henry C Charles W.. Mary E.. Katherine.
Caroline and Lily Callahan. Mrs. S. V. Petti-
grew and Mrs. William W. Deamer. a naUva
of Mobile, Ala., aged 71 years.
IC Notice of funeral hereafter.
COTTRELL— In Berkeley. May 14. 1901, Ed-
ward M. Cottrell. aged 75 years.
IT_rFuneral services will take place this
day (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, at the Mascnic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of Golden Gate Lodge No.
SO. F. and A. M. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
DAVISON— April 30. 1301. Constantia W«lby.
widow of the late Thomas Davison of Park
Place West Chelsea. London, England, and
mother of Mrs. A. F. Mala and Mr*. W. B.
Fox of East Oakland. Cal.. a native of Lin-
colnshire, England, aged 96 years and 7
months.
DWYER— In this city. May 17. 1901. Margaret,
beloved wife of William Dwyer. mother of
Julia A.. Helen F. and Willie M. Dwyer.
and sister of Mrs. E. Murphy. Mrs. J. D.
Courtney and Miss Kate Courtney, a native
of the parish of Klllarney. County Kerry.
Ireland, azed 35 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1864 Fifteenth street, between Guer-
rero and Dolores, thence to Mission Dolores
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of ', her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
EVERTS— In Alameda. May 17. 1901. Major
Edward Everts, late retired surgeon United
States Army, a native of Texas, agedr 47
years. (Texas, New York, Washington.
North Carolina and Nebraska, papers please
copy.>
lT_rThe funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2603 Santa Clara avenue, Alameda.
thence to National Cemetery. Presidio, San
Francisco, via 12 o'clock creek boat, whera
- military services will be held at 2 o'clock.
FITZSIMMONS— In this city. May 17. 1901.
James, beloved husband of Ellen Fitzsim-
mons, a native of County Meath, Ireland,
azed 71 years.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:20 o'clock, from " his late
residence, 406 Diamond street, thence to St.
James Church, Guerrero and Twenty-third
streets, where a solemn " requiem high mass
•will be celebrated for the repose of hla soul,
commencine at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
FLANAGAN— In San Jose. May IS, 1301, Mary
E-. beloved daughter of the late Laurence
and Mary Flanagan, and sister of William
J.. George. Charles, John. Grace. Augustus
and David Flanagan, a native of San Fran-
Cisco, aged 30 years and 6 days.
KT'Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the family residence, 153S Guerrero street.
FOX— In this city. May IS. 130L Annie B..
beloved -wife of Michael J. Fox. a native of
the parish of Drumreilly. County Leitrim.
Ireland, aged 45 years and 7 month*.
GIANNINI— In this city, May. IS, 1901. John
Giannini, beloved husband of Jula M. Glan-
nini. father of Amlele. Edward.- Raymond
and Vincent Glannini. and brother of An-
drea Glannini, a native of Switzerland, aged
46 years.
GRAHAM— In this city. May 18, 1901. Rose
Graham, beloved wife of the late- John Gra-
ham, a native of Ireland.
CyNotice of funeral hereafter.
HUNTINGTON— In Oakland, May 17, 1901.
George W. Huntington. a native of Utch-
fleld. Me., aged SO years and 5 months.
(CyFriends and acquaintances are resp«ct-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, at tha
residerce of F. A. Loring. 84S Isabella street,
under the auspices of Lincoln Post. G. A. R.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
COMRADE G. W. HUNTINGTON was a
member of Lincoln Post No. 1. G. A. R..
and all comrades are requested to- attend tha
funeral from 84S Isabella street. Oakland,
this day (Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock. Take S.
P. R. R. cars at 1 o'clock to Seventh street
and Broadway, Oakland, then by San Pablo
cars to 848 Isabella street. By order of
JOHN C. INNES.
Post Commander of Lincoln Post.
JEPSEN— In this city. May 18. 1901. John Han-
sen Jepsen, dearly beloved husband of Julia
Jepsen. and father of Otto A. and Frances
M. Jepsen. a native of Schleswig-Holstein,
aired 55 years and 5 months.
B_TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday 1 *, at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 726 Harrison street, under the aus-
pices of San Francisco Lodge No. 4, A. O.
U. W. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery,
by electric car.
JOHNSON— In this city. May 17. 1901, Carl
Johnson, a native of Sweden, aged 57 years.
A member of Lincoln Post No. 1. G. A. R.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White, 123 Eddy street.
Interment National Cemetery.
LINCOLN Post No. 1, G. A. R.— To the Com-
rades of Lincoln Post No. 1, G. A. R. : Com-
rades of Lincoln Post will assemble at the
undertaking parlors of Porter & White. 122
Eddy street, this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock,
to attend the funeral services of our lata
comrade. Carl Johnson. By order of
JOHN C. INNES. Post Commander.
KILGALLON— In this city. May 17. 190L James
Kilzallon. a member of the Young Man's
Catholic Union and Ancient Order of Hiber-
nians, Division No. 10, a native of Ireland,
aged 35 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances and members
of the above named societies are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LOYOLA Assembly No. J, V. M. C. U.: Offi-
cers and members of above assembly are
notified to assemble at Loyola Hall this day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, to attend the fu-
neral of our lata brother. James Kllgallon.
Fines for non-attendance. Yours fraternally.
JAMES ENGLISH. President.
J.- J. POWERS, Secretary.
LAMBERT— In Petaluma, May 17, 1901, Mrs.
SaraM* J. Lambert, mother of Mrs. Jacob
. Fowzer, Lizzie Spellan and F. C. Lambert.
azed 69 years.
LOEW— In this city. May 18. 1901. Aaron, be-
loved husband of Dora Loew. and father erf
Mrs. M. Cohn and Ernestine and Lean Loetr,
a native of Carlsruhe, Germany, aged 64
years 9 months and 22 days. . ¦
iETFriends and acquaintances and members
of Unity Lodge No. 27, A. O. U. W., are
respectfully invited to attend the funeral
this day (Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from his
late residence. 322 Seventh street, between
Folsom and Harrison, and thence by 11:30
o'clock train to New Salem Cemetery for in-
terment.
HALL of Unity Lodge No. Z7. A. O. tk "W.. 33
O'Earrell street: The funeral escorts here-
by notified to assemble at the hall this day
(Sunday), at 9:13 o'clock, to attend the- fu-
neral of our late brother, A. Loew. Fines
will be strictly enforced. By order of
N. RIESE, Master Workman.
H. GRIMSHAW. Recorder.
MCCARTHY— In this city, May 16. 1301. Maud
F., beloved wife of P. H. McCarthy, and
sister of Jennie H. Saunders.
[CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), from the 537 Noe street, thence to
the Church of the Most Holy Redeemer
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment private.
CARPENTERS' Union 22— Attention: Mem-
bers are requested to assemble at Eighteenth
and Noe streets thla day (Sunday), at 8:30
o'clock, for the purpose of attending the
funeral of the. wife of Brother jp. H. Mc-
Carthy. By order Union 22.
F. P. NICHOLAS, President.
McCORMICK— A solemn requiem month's mind
mass will be celebrated to-morrow (Monday),
at 3 o'clock, in the Chapel of the Passion
attached to St. Mary's Hospital, for the re-
pose of the soul of the late Sister Mary
Raphael McCormick. Friends and relatives
are invited to attend.
M^. KA^ EY^" I . n th i 3 clty ' May 17 - **"¦• Sarah
G. beloved daughter of Edward and Mary
McKarley. and sister of John. Edward and
Mabel McKarley. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 11 years 10 months and 10 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
Ihunday). at ! o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1430 Turk street. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
Continued on Page Thirty-six.Chicago Livestock Market.
» CHICAGO, May 18.— CATTLB-Recelpts, 1C0.
Nominally steady; good to prime steers, $5 15@
'J 05; poor to medium, $4©5 10; stockers and
feeders, $3@5; cows, $2 80@4 60; heifers, ?2 85
@4 70; canners, $2 10@2 80; bulls,. $2 la&i 40;
calves, *3 90{f5 60; Texas fed steers, $4 25fco 40;
bulls, $2 75@3 85.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 13,000; Monday, 30,
000; left over, SCO. Market strong to steady,
no fancy here. Mixed and butchers', |5 70®
E 90; good to choice heavy, $5 E503 93; .rough
heavy, $5 70©5 80; light, . $5 65@5 90; bulk of
sales, $5 80@5 90. . *
SHEEP— Receipts,' 1000. Sheep and lambs,
steady; good to choice wethers, $4 30@4 63; fair
to choice mixed, $4 10@4 40; Western ¦ sheep,
$4 35@4 65; yearlings, $4 4O@4 75; .native lambs,
$4 50t3>5 65; Western lambs. $4 65<S)5 65. . ' .
New York Cotton Market.
NEW TORK, May 18. — Cotton closed un
changed to 4 points lower. ,
Nezv York Metal Market.
NEW TORK, May IS.— Tin was quiet to-day.
Prices ruled at $26 «0®;7. ' .
The rest of the list was unchanged. Lead,
$4 37>,4; spelter, S3 S5®4; copper, 17c for lake
and 16%c for casting. Pigiron -warrants, $a 50
@10 50- Northern foundry, $15 25® 1C 50.
Exports and Imports.
NEW YORK, May IS.— The Imports of dry
goods anfi merchandise at the port of New
York for this week were valued -at .$11,741,679.
The exports of gold and silver from this port
to all countries for this week aggregated
$617,483 silver bars and- coin and $2,198.S41 gold.
The imports of Fpecie this week were $33,^(2
gold and $61,174 eilver. . \
PORTLAND, May IS.— Clearings, J422.SGS; bal
ances, $172,205.
Portland's Business.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, May IS— Walla "Walla, 69c.
- WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, May. IS.— Eluestem, 61c; club, 59c
Foreign Markets,
LONDON. . May 18.— Silver, - 27%d; " French
rentes. lOlf C7%c; cargoes on passage, quiet
but steady; English country. markets, .quiet;
Indian Ehlpm^nts wheat to United Kingdom,
1000' quarters; Indian shipments wheat to Con
tinent. 400C quarters.
LIVERPOOL. May IS.— Wheat, steady ; No. \
standard California, 6s l^d®6s 2d;, wheat in
Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady; French
country markets, quiet; weather in England,
fine. .
- COTTON— Uplands. » 4 5-16d. ¦ . : . . . :
.:. ' CLOSING. ..:' -s. 1 . ._,
f WHEAT— Spot, steady. No. - 2 , Red Western
winter, 5s ll%d;>No. 1 Northern spring, 6s %d;
No. 1 California, 6s IVid. Futures closed quiet;
July.Ea lO&d; September, .Es 9%d._ ¦
? • CORN— Spot ; American : mixed, ¦ new, ; steady, 1
Foreign Futures.
Articles— ' . " Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 21,000 18,000
Wheat, bushels 56.000 113,000
Corn, bushels 351,000 ' 116,000
Oats, bushels 328,000 345,000
Rye, bushels 9.000 3,000
Bailey, bushels 17,000 . 3,000
On tflie Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was llrm; creameries. 14@18%c; dairies,
llignv-c. Cheese, 9@10%c. Eggs, easy; fresh,
l«4c. , . ,
EASTERN MARKETS.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, quiet;
No 2 spring wheat. 73%®74%c; No. 3 'spring,.
70c; No. 2 red, 72Vi@73%c; No. 2 corn, 46'A@4Sc;
No. 2 yellow, 46y.@48c; No. 2 oats, 30c; No. 2
white, 29^0; No. 3 white, 30@31c; No. 2 rye,
64%c; good feeding barley, 48@62c; fair to
choice malting, 53@56c; No. 1 flax seed, $171;
No. 1 Northwestern, $1 71; prime timothy seed,
$3@3 55; mess pork, per bbl, $14 75@14 80; lard
per 100 lbs, $8 10@8 12^ short-rib side3 (loose),
$7 95@8 15; dry salted shoulders (boxed). 6?i@
7c; short clear sides (boxed), $8 12Vi@8 25; whis
ky, basis of high wines, (1 28.
New York Stock Market.
XET." YORK. May IS.— The promise of re
newed strength in stocks held out by yester
day's market was not fully realised to-day,
although the substantial early gains were not
all wiped out by the late reactionary tendency.
due principally to the bank statement. Just
at the close there was an abrupt marking up
of a few stocks to top price*, apparently by
manipulation, which itssened the appearance
of wr-akness. The disappointing feature of the
bank statement was the decrease in the cash
reserves. The preliminary estimates of the
interior currency movement indicated that re
coiptF had been so heavy as to offset the outgo
by gold export and sub-treasury requirements
and bring the net gaia in cash by the banks
to fG.CCO.CCO or upward. The statement Ehows
a decline en the contrary of Jl.233,600. The
discrepancy Is surprising, but the fact is ob
vicus t>.at the relaxation In the local money
rate has lessened th<; attraction here which
was drav.-ing money from the interior during
the Ftrir.ger.cy of lasf week and early this
week. JUFt as it has allowed gold to go to
Europe. The h*eavy sto=k market liquidation is
ehewn in the t24,204,SOO of repayments of bank
leans. It Is clear thit the money market is
again a factor to be considered in the etock
market, with receipts of currency from the
interior arrested and gold going out to Europe.
The effect of realizing was quickly manifest
this morning in stocks which had been strong
est yesterday. Atchison forged upward to the
leadership of the market and closed with a
net gain of Z%. There was no news to ex
plain the rise. Other strong features were the
local gas etocks, Baltimore and Ohio, Lack
¦wanra. Reck Island. Illinois Central, the Chi
cago and Alton etock?, Pittsburg, Cincinnati,
Chicago and St. Louis. Northern Pacific. Great
Vorthern preferred. J.h* Ertes. the Southern
railway stocks. Wheeling and Lake Era ; first
preferred. International Power, the National
Lead etocks, Manhattan and a number or
minor industrials and tpecialties. Last prices
were decidedly below the best Jn most cases.
The decrease in loans was the largest for one
week in the history of th* «>««Y**?!"*;
The «tock market has shown the Inevitable
after-effects of last week's convulsion during
the whole of this week In epite of opinions
voiced by the Jess rational of the speculative
elemcrt that the panic was only a sort of
Slonal insanity without real cause in ac
tual conditions and that therefor* the stock
market -was likely to come back promptly to
Its previous state. The various violent re
bounds which have occurred from the lower
1 °vU of prices have been cited to strengthen
these views. But violent fluctuations of the
kind witnessed this week are phenomena al
ways witne*sed In the market Immediately fol
lowing a sudden commotion. The movement
of price* is exactly analogous to that of the
waves in a pool where a eudden withdraw
of a huge displacing body forces a violent rc
oeaeion followed by an almost equally * *oje n t
rise and then lessening oscillations. ™°f«
who can possibly command means or credit to
hold istocks will make almost an .r *.°
prevent selling of property on which they ha\«
any claim In euch a market as that of Thurs
dav of last week. Those who are forced to eell
are throwing over holdmgs » n « * n «** n^ o p "^l
et which many buyers would be glad to take
them if they were at hand to do so. The ma
chinery of supply and demand Is, for the time.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
EAN FRANCISCO. May IS— 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
reason, and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
5S: minimum. 46; mean, 62.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen steadily on the coast
from Cape Mendocino northward and condi
tions are favorable for occasional light show
ers to-nifrht and Sunday morning over the
extreme northern portion of California, A dis
turbance of great extent overlies the country
es« of the Sierras.
The temperature continues high over Utah
tnd the valley of the Colorado. It has fallen
in the San Joaquin and Sacramento valleys.
Rain has fallen from Eureka northward with
tprirxkles at Los Angeles and San Diego. High
winds are rej>orted in the Sierras and in Ne
vada and in < Utah.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. May 19, 1931:
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled
Ttrather Sunday, with occasional light showers
la extreme northern portion; fresh southerly
•winds'. 4
Southern California— Cloudy, unsettled weath
er Sunday: possibly light showers; fresh west
erly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Sunday; warmer Sunday
r.ipht: brisk to high west wind.
Utah— Cloudy, unsettled weather Sunday;
cooler at right; brisk northerly winds.
Arizona — Fair Sunday; cooler In northern
r onion; fresh westerly winds.
' Pan Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy early
Funday morning possibly a few sprinkles of
rs : n: clearing during the day: light southerly
wind charging to fresh westerly.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Bank Clearings.
Local bank clearings last week were $24,
(S"'.6i3. against $21,473,864 for the eame week
last year.
Weather Report.
out of Joint, and men may be selling stocks
in one part of an excited crowd many points
below what is being paid for them a few feet
distant, while there areibther buyers more re
mote who are unable to get buying orders ex
ecuted In spite of their utmost eagerness.
That this was largely true last week is shown
by the number of acrimonious disputes which
have occurred this week concerning sold-out
accounts and needless sacrifices made in the
panic. The violent rebound in prices which
follows the first check to the panic of selling
is thus understood, l>ut when the recovery has
been made there is a lesldue of. impaired ac
counts which must be liquidated. Many Stock
Exchange houses hava admitted that the low
level of prices last week had not only wiped
out their customers' claims upon them, but
would have yielded only Insolvency for them
selves had they liquidated. They simply re
fused to sell and awaited the quick rebound.
Then they took advantage of the opportunity
to sell. It was belated liquidation of this
character which caused the violent relapses
of Tuesday and Wednesday of this week, which
reached fairly sensational proportions. With
the completion of the most urgent of this be
lated but forced liquidation there followed re
covery again. The fottnightly settlement on
the London Stock Exchange on Monday was a
complicating factor, as that market was heav
ily committed on Amsi leans and was short of
Northern Pacific, as this market had been, but
the time offered for preparation enabled Lon
don to meet the crisis and avert the panic
which was feared. With the progress made
toward ' normal conditions in the stock market
actual conditions of general business and of
individual properties have reasserted their in
fluence to some extent. The conviction is gen
eral that the embittered controversy over the
control of Northern Pacific has been adjusted.
No authentic information can be had of the
terms of the settlement, but there is evidence
that th« contestants for control of Northern
Pacific have been insured against harm from
the operations of the Burlington deal and that
project has proceeded toward consummation.
There is an element in the speculation which
argues that as this controversy was the root
of the troubles which precipitated the panic
its adjustment should leave the way open to
a direct return to the boom prices for stocks.
The difficulties encountered by Humpty Dumpty
in getting himself put together again formed
an illustrative precedent for this case. This
vulnerability of the market to the shock of the
Northern Pacific episode revealed the fictitious
character of much of the buying which pro
duced the boom price. Buyers on nfargin had
stretched their credit to secure title to the
stocks which they had no means to buy out
right and for which there was no demand from
I those who could. The heavy losses suffered ,
j by these speculators is a deterrent to a re-
I sumption of buying, even by those who have
means remaining. Other deterrents are the
I largely increased margins demanded by com-
I mission brokers for the purchase of stocks and
the additional caution shown by the banks in
making loans. The ctock market liquidation
has resulted in large recuperation for the
banks and has eased tne money market so far
as to remove any obstacle to the resumption
of gold exports. The requirements of foreign
markets for gold are f'jr the most part the re
sult of the placing of the Government loans.
Paris credits are placed in the London mar
ket on a very large scale and are being with
drawn to prepare for the new Russian loan of
-about $S0.OCO.GG0, which has been placed in
Paris. But London, with an Installment of the
new consol issue to meet this week, can ill
afford to Epare gold and therefore draws on
New York, which ships gold to Paris. New
York's subscription to the new British consols
and its heavy buying of American securities
from foreigners, largo thipments of which are
received on every incoming steamer, are to
be considered In explanation of the shipment
of geld from tha country in spite of the growth
of the country's favorable balance of trade.
The April foreign trade statement showed an
excess of merchandise exports over imports for
ten months of $584, 212,300. The diminished de
mand for money for speculative purposes in
New York,' besides allowing foreign markets
to relieve their wants, lessens the importance
of the heavy drain on the money market and
the treasury. The Government's surplus for
the month thus far exceeds four million dol
lars, while for the corresponding period last
year there was an actual excess of expenditures
of over half a million. The offerings of govern
ment bonds for redemp:ion are insignificant.
Prices of bonds have not made the feverish
fluctuations shown by stocks and the volume
of business has decreased.
United States new 4.-? advanced Vz and the
refunding 2s M per cent: - ,
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stock— Bid.
12,-iW Atchison 81V&
17,400 Atchison prefd 98%
10,400 Baltimore & Ohio 104Vi
1C0 Baltimore & Ohio prefd ;... 93
1.S00 Canadian Pacific 103«4
300 Canada Southern 67
4,100 Chesapeake & Ohio 4SVi
500 Chicago Terminal and Tran 22
50<) Chicago Terminal &. Tran prefd 43^i
6,300 Chicago & Alton 41%
L560 Chicago & Alton prefd 7i»
7C0 Chicago Great Western 20%
Chicago Great Western prefd A 79
Chicago Great Western prefd B 44
8,600 Chicago Burlington & Quincy.... 197
2.2C0 Chicago Ind & Louisville 32>i
200 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 70*4
200 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 126',j
Chicago & Northwestern 19S
3,700 Chicago Rock Island &. Pacific 153Vi
GCO C C C & St Louis 79%
1,200 Colorado Southern 13%
COO Colorado Southern let prefd 48
S0O Colorado Southern 2d prefd 22
3,400 Delaware & Hudson 163»j :
500 Delaware Lackawanna & Western.. 216\j
4W Denver & Rio Grande 46%
100 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 93U
43.900 Erie 38%
3,500 Erie let prefd 67«i
2,200 Erie 2d prefd 54%
COO Great Northern prefd 181^
Hocking Valley B2
1.0C0 Hocking Valley prefd 75.
3.EC0 Illinois Central 139%
L200 Iowa Central 32V4
700 Iowa Central prefd CO
Lake Erie & Western 57
Lake Erie & Western prefd 120
7.800 . Louisville & Nashville 104
27.200 Manhattan Elevated 117U
8,900 Metropolitan Street Railway 167%
500 Mexican Central 25>i
600 Mex'can National 11
4,400 Minneapolis & St Louis v . 93%
26.200 Missouri Pacific ..105
3,100 Missouri Kansas & Texas 27%
3,800 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 67&
New Jersey Central 156
The market for Beans and Seeds remains as
before quoted. The demand is light all around.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 45@2 60; Small White, $4 90
O5- Large White, $4@1 20; Pink, $1 40@l 75;
Red $3W3 25; Blackeye. $3 1003 25; Limas, $6 25
@6 35; Pea, nominal: Red Kidney, $4 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 50®3: Canary. -3>^®
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 29
2i/-c: Hemp. 3%c; Timothy, 6&c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $2«T2 50; Green, $2 70@
3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.-.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes ruled firm at unchanged prices.
Onions were slightly easier. • .
Asparagus and Rhubarb sold rather higher.
Peas and Beans were weak.
Two boxes of -Jomatoes came in from W. B.
Reed, Winters, and- sold at $150 per box. A'
box of Bay Squash came in and brought $2 25.
Receipts were 1119 boxes Asparagus, 2S0 boxes
Rhubarb, 4G6 eacks Bay Peas and 134 sacks
String Beans.
POTATOES— Early Rose. S3c(©$l; Burbanks.
75c@$l 10 for River and ?1 25@1 50 for Oregon:
Garnet Chiles," $1 25@1 50;. Sweets, 60@7t;3 for
Merced; New Potatoes, l%@2c per lb m sacks
and $1 63@2 10 in boxes. . .
ONIONS— Cut Onions, 50c@$l 25 per sack;
Australians, jobbing, at $4@4 50 ;¦ Green Onions.
25O35C per box; New Red. 75c@$l- per sack.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 40c@?l. per box;
Asparagus, SI 25@1 E0 for large, : 75c@$l per box
for No. 1 and 25@:0c for No. 2: Green Peas, 60c
(5T$1 per sack; Garden ,'Peas, < *2®2%c;. String
Uenns. 2%(S!3^c for Vacavilla a^^fcit for River:
Cabbage,- 90c per ctl; Tomnt^csrTWcican, $1 23
®1 60 ner crate; from Los Angeles/ -50c@$l;
Dried Peppers, 12©18c; Dry Okra,' 13c per.lb;
Carrots, 25(g35c per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers.
75c@$l per dozen; Garlic, S(B10e per lb-for old
and 5c for new; Green Peoners, 5@7c per lb;
Eerg Plant, 10@12M;C per lb; Green Corn, 50c
per dozen. <
Poultry and Game.
The market" closed the week dull and , de
prtssed, with considerable Hens, email Broil
ers find Ducks carried ever. ,
POULTRY— Live -TurKoys.*J@Hc for Gobblers
and ll@12c for Hens; G«ese, per pair, $1 23®
1 50; GoBllngs, $1 25@2; Ducks. $3 50<34 50 for
old and $4 SCCtS 50 for young; Hens,. $3 50@4 50;
young Roosters, «6<g;7: old (.Roosters. $4®4 50:
Fryers, $1 S0Q5; Broilers, $3S4 for large and
$173(92 50 for small; Pigeons, $15051175 per
dozen for old and $1 50@l 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare, *1&1 25: Rabbits. $1 25©1 50 for
Cottontail and 75c@$l for Brush.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs
Yesterday was Drcctically ft holiday In this
market, as most of the downtown houses closed
early in the forenoon and the few that re
mained open did no business worthy of note.
The Dairy Exchange held no ssssion, and its
quotations ' are therefore omitted.
¦ Receipts were 40.5CO pounds and tnbs of
Butter, 'S47 cases Egg3 cases . Eastern
Eg£S. 31C0' pounds California Cheese and
pounds Eastern Cheese. .
MAUKE
QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER— Creamery, :i7i*©18o per lb for
fancy and lS\i@Vle for seconds; dairy, 14@16<£c
per lb. * . ;
CHEESE— New, S@Jlc: old, nominal ; Young
Americas, 9@10c. • \ ¦
EGGS— Ranch. 14li®lGc for good to fancy;
store, W/iQlSHc per dozen. •;.•'-.' V'." ; :"
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
-Yesterday was a half holiday In this-mar
ket, as the stores clcs»d at noon. A good deal
of fruit came in late and had to be • carried
over. lofSli
Eight 'or ten cars of Oranges are announced
for to-morrow's auction. , ¦
. Cherries cleaned up pretty well at unchanged
prices. : Good larse . Apricots brought a small
ndi-ance. Arises were neglected. . .
Strawberries did a shads better, and the
other berri pa remained about' as before.
Cherry Plums sold at 65@75c per drawer.
Eastern, , $2 25@2 50 per box; local,
green, 50ffi 65c. \ . „ ¦
APRICOTS— $1®1 £0 per crate and »1@1 25
per box. I ,'
,v CHERRIES-T-Recstpts were 5G43 boxes, selling
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — "'''ff?^
Sterling Exchange, sight — -»*S8
Sterling Cables — ' * »»
New York Exchange, sight... — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — '-^
Silver, per ounce. •' — " 3 '»
Mexican Dollars, nominal.: 43% W 60
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The usual Saturday dullness pre
vailed everywhere. Chicago advanced lc, under
local influences. The cash demand was good
and the outward movement was large. Con
siderable contract Wheat has been lately moved
from Chicago and Duluth to the seaboard,
presumably to fill Eastern shorts. The favor
able crop prospects more than counterbalance
thl3 movement, however. Further rains are
reported in the Southwest and crop prospects
there are now as fine as they ever are at this
time of the year.
This market was lifeless, but futures were
Spot' Wheat— Shipping, 9S%c; milling, $1©
1 C8% per ctl.. '
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal- Session— 0:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— 2000 Ctls. $1 03%-
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
BARLEY— There was nothing whatever do
ing, as the day was largely a holiday.
Feed. 75@77M>c for No. 1 and 70#72%c for
off grades: Brewing and Shipping grades, 80Q
85c: Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales. -
Second SeEsion— December— 40C0 ctls, 71c.
?:egular Mornlrig Sesion— No sales.
OATS — The market continues dull and firmly
held at the familiar prices. White, $1 37>£@
1 65; Surprise, nominal; Red, $1 35@1 45; Black,
$1 17%®1 30 per ctl.
CORN— Small round Yellow, $1 50; Eastern
Yellow, $1 27%@1 30; White, $1 33; mixed, $1 23
@1 27^. ' • •
RYE— 80#S2y.c per ctl. •.
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 63 per ctl, ex
warehouse. —»-
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 23@
J 50, usual terms; BaKers' Extras, $3 15@3 23;
Oregon, ?2 50<g2 To per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers*;. Washington bakers', |2 75
@3. ....
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in - sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, t %Z\
extra cream do. $3 75: Oat Groats, $4 75: Hom
iny. *3 75@4; Buckwheat Flour, $4(S4 25;
Cracked' Wheat, $3 50; • Farina, $4 £0; • Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 S3
@7 85; in sacks.' t6@7 60; ' Pearl ¦ Barley, $5;
Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Bran has been advanced 50c and Middlings
are firm.
Hay 6tands the eame with moderate arrivals.
BRAN— $16 50@17 50 per ton. .
MIDDLINGS— $17@19 60 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Relied Barley. $17@1S per
ton: Oilcake .Meal at the mill. *23@26; Jobbing,
$26 60; Cocotnut Cake, J17@18; Corn Meal,
$27 50@2S; Crfecked Corn, $28 50@29; Mixed Feed.
$13@16.
HAY— Volunteer. S^S: Wheat. $U@13; Wheat
and Oat. $9©12; Oat. $D@11 50; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa. $8<39 50: Barley. $7 SOQ'J 50 per ton. ,
STRAW— 33^47%c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Contlinied on Page Twenty-Nine.
standard 10c; primr. 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's. 9c per H>. Sultanas— Fancy. lOVic per
lb: choice, 9%c: standard. 8%c; prime. 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, *c; Seedless, 80- lb boxes,
6V4c; 4-crown, "c; S-crown, 6%c: t-crown, 6c.
Pacific brand— 2-crown, 5c; 3-crown, 5Hc and
4-crown. 5%c; seeded Fresno prices), »%c;
London Layers. 2-crown. $1 60 per box: 3
crown. Jl 60; Fancy Clusters. J2; Dehesa. $2 50;
Imperial. J3. All prices f. o. b. at common
shipping points la California.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 10@llc: No.
2. 7%©8c: No. 1 hardshell, 10c: No. 2. 6©7c:
Almonds. 13@Hc for papersbell. 10@Uc tor soft-
Yesterday practically a holiday.
Stiver and exchange as previously quoted.
Bank clearings show the usual increase over last year.
Fair trading in local stocks and bonds. Oil stocks dull.
IVltcat futures firmer, with a dull market.
Other cereals neglected and unchanged.
Bran 50c higher, Middlings firm and Hay steady.
Nothing new in Beans and Seeds.
Potatoes firm. Onions and Vegetables weak.
Holiday in the Butter and Egg trade.
Eight or ten cars of Oranges to be auctioned to-morrow.
Slender crop of Prunes expected in the Santa Clara Valley.
Provisions rule dull^xit unchanged prices.
Wool, Hops and Hides stand the same.
Hogs weak at the decline. Other Meats as before.
General decline of i-2c in Coal Oil.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
3,600 New York Central ...153%
700 Norfolk & Western i 51»a
""ZAk T ° rfo >k & Western prefd \ 87%
300 Northern Pacific .. 150
";*^A Northern Pacific prefd 98
7,300 Ontario & Western 32=J
6,200 Pennsylvania 147S<,
P C C & St Louis ....'. "¦¦.¦. 76
17,300 Reading 40
8,900 Reading 1st prefd .'...'.' 7114
3.9C0 Reading 2d prefd 51 : k
100 St Louis & San Fran ..; 44U
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 80
1,000 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd '67
S00 Et Louis Southwestern 33
16,300 St Louis Southwestern prefd.... 62 'i
St Paul ici^
St Paul prefd 186
11,100 Southern Pacific 4S%
49.800 Southern Railway 30
5,500 Southern Railway prefd 83',4
5,400 Toledo & St Louis 2Hi
CCO Toledo & St Louis prefd :. 35%
4,900 Texas & Pacific 46'a
13,000 Union Pacific 107V4
3,600. Union Pacific prefd 91Vi
9,300 Wabash «20 T 4
6,100 Wabash prefd 39/t
1,000 Wheeling & Lake Erie........; 17*4
Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd..,. 29'xl
1,000 Wisconsin Central 20%
400 Wisconsin Central prefd 41%
Express Companies — ' .
Adams 175
American 190
United States 80
Wells Fargo 140
Miscellaneous —
7.300 Amalgamated Copper 116%
1,200 American Car & Foundry 24V&
700 American, Car & Foundry. .4 79V£
3.600 American Linseed Oil 21
6.0C0 American Linseed Oil prefd 48
3.10O American Smelting & Ref 56"J
J-OCO American Smelting & Ref pred 96
0,500 American Tobacco 126
6,100 Anaconda Mining Co 47%
14,800 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 77
3.900 Consolidated Gas 222
2,000 Colorado Fuel & Iron 96
5,900 Continental Tobacco 56V6
300 Continental Tobacco prefd 107H
5. '00 General Electric 22l'
700 Glucose Sugar 57
400 ' Hocking Coa." igcj
300 International -*<»per 2'
J.?W Intern atlonal l"aper prerd 77W
o.lOO International Power 98
200 Laclede Gas so
1.000 National Biscuit ... ". ' 43
10,200 National Lead .'..".'.'.'.' 21%
........ National Salt ".'. " 441?
National Salt prefd 76
North American """ gs
Pacific Coast "" 5s
1,000 Pacific Mail 25
23,400 People's Gas " 114
l.SCO Pressed Steel Car .'.'.'.'.'. 44%
Pressed Steel Car prefd ..!!!""" 85%
Pullman Palace Car 202
23,400 Sugar ... "14912
1.0C0 Republic Steel {9 *
200 Republic Steel prefd " 747;
3,200 Tennessee Coal & Iron 57(4
Union Bag & Paper 12L
1,200 United States Leather 12%
200 United States Leather prefd... . 77
1,200 United States Rubber. 21U
200 United States Rubber prefd. . 6"
28.500 United States Steel '" 45
22,400 United States Steel prefd.... 94
3,3t'O Western Union 9314
C04.3CO Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref reg 106U N T Cent lsts 107%
U S 2s ref coup....l06V4 N J Cent gen 5s... 132^4
U S 3s reg 109 N Pacific 3s 72
U S 3s coup 109 N Pacific 4s W5V4
U S new 4s reg....l.;s N Y C & S L 4s..lO7i4
U S new 4s coup..l.« N & W con 4s 101
U S old 4s reg 113Vi Or Nav. lsts 100
U S old 4s coup....lUfi. Or Nav* - 4s 104
V S 5s reg lO.v-4 Or Short Line 6s.. .128
U S 5a coup l'H^iOr S Line con 5s. .118
Dlst of Col 3.65s.. ..125 Reading Gen 4s.... 94;i
Atchison gen 4s...lO2«gIR G W lsts 1001
Atchison adj 4s.... 94 S L & I M con 5s. 115
Canada So 2ds 108>4 S L & S F gen Cs.133
Ches & Ohio 4<£s...lO6 st Paul cons... 190
Ches & Ohio os 119% S P C & P lsts. ..118
C & NW con 7s...l41%'S P C & P 5s 119V.
C & NWSFdeb 5s.l2U^So Pacific 4s 82%
Chgo Terminal 4s.. 93% So Railway 5s 116%
Colo Southern 4s.. 87 j Stand R & T 6s.... 58"-
D & R G 4s lOlVi Tex & Pac lsts. ...119*
Erie General 4s 87% Tex & Pac 2ds 100
F W & D C lsts...H0's Union Pacific 4s, ...105%
General Elec 5s 185} s Wnbash lsts 118
Iowa Central lsts.. 117 Wabash 2ds 100
L & N Unl 4s 10'j^.West Shore 4s 113%
M K & T 2ds 82 Wls Cent lsts...... 8914
M K & T 4s 98i4IVa Centuries....... 95
MINING STOCKS.
Adams 20!Little Chief 12
Alice 40 Ontario 8 00
Breece 1 SO Ophir 90
Brunswick Con ITIPhoenlx 11
Comstock Tunnel... 05 Potosi 03
Con Cal & Va 2 25 Savage 11
Deadwood Terra.... 50 Sierra Nevada 22
Horn Silver 1 15:Small Hopes 45
Iron Silver GOjStandard 3 50
Leadville Con 051
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. •
Money— IWest End 94%
Call loans 4@5 Bonds-
Time leans 4@5 Atchison 4s 101V4
Stocks— N E Gas&Coke 6s. 64
A T & S F Z'fi. Mining Shares—
A T & S F prefd.. 9SVj Adventure. 15 i
American Sugar. ..149Vi', Bingham Min Co.. 23^i
Am Sugar prefd. ..121Vi!Amalg Copper 11594
Am Telephone 17!£' Atlantic 3O'/>
Boston & Albany. 253 Boston & Mont 425
Boston Elevated. ..119 Butte & Boston. ...107
Boston & Maine... 193 Calumet & Hecla..S37.
Cheo, Bur & Q...196% Centennial 28V.
Dominion Coal 34 1 ,*! Franklin 18
Dom-Coi-.l prefd. ...115 Humboldt 30
U S Steel 44"C Osceola , 87V4
U S Steel prefd.... 94 Parrot J 53
Mexican Central... 25»4 Quincy ....; 165 ¦
N E Gas & Coke.. 10% Santa Fe Copper... 7U
Old Colony 209 Tamarack 325
Old Dominion 32 TJtah Mining 29 i
Rubber 21% Winona 3
Union Pacific 107 Wolverines 56
Union Land 2\i
Associated Banks' Statement. x
NEW YORK, May 18.— The statement of the
Associated Banks for the week ending to-day
shows: Loans $873,512,' ICO, decrease $24,204,800;
deposits $931,626,700, decrease $25,864,200; circula
tion $3L1C9,COO, increase $27,900; legal tenders
$74,317,500, increase $1,578,000; specie $176,889,100,
decrease $2,871,600; reserves $251,206,600; decrease
$1,293,000; reserve required $237,906,675, decrease
$6,466,050; surplus $13,299,925, Increase $3,172,450.
This week's decrease in loans of the clearing
house banks, amounting to $24,204,800, is the
largest on record for a '. similar period. The
largest previous decline for a week was that for
the week ended March 5, 1SS1, when there was
a contraction of $18-,039,C00. Liquidation in the
stock market is responsible for the last repay
ments through the banks this week.
The Financier says: Two records were made
in the bank statement for the current week
The decreases in loans and deposits were the
largest ever known, Just as the increase in
these items last February were the largest on
record. The current statement, however, seems
widely at variance with known .facts. It was
pointed out in this analysis Ikst week that
bank totals conflicted -In several particulars,
notably the cash holdings, and it is only by
adopting this assumption as correct that any
thing approaching a reasonable explanation of
the disappointing cash total for the current six
days can be made. The preliminary reports
of the leading institutions up to Friday showed
that over $7,CO0,000 had come' into banks above
what had been paid out, and yet the statement
of Saturday reveals an actual loss in cash of
over $1,250,000. If this is true it follows that
the condition of the banks at the beginning of
the week was such as to counteract the heavy
gains made during the last few days. . Other
wise the actual reserves of the institutions now
are much in excess of what they report. As it
was expected, however, the statement is favor
able from a cash standpoint, the fall of $25,864,
200 In deposits having released nearly $G,600,000
of required reserve, and since cash decreased
less than $1,300,000 the result is shown in an
addition to excess surplus of $5,172,450, bring
ing the total to $13,299,925. The large decrease
of $22,204,800 in loans represents in a belated
form the heavy liquidation succeeding the late
Stock Exchange panic. Its effect on the re
mainder of the statement is, -as shown, most
pronounced. Regarded in every light the cur
rent exhibit makes for an easier money mar
ket. The banks have received heavier ship
ments of currency from the Interior than for
some time past, but it is doubtful if this will
continue much longer. Spring crop require
ments must be met in the near future, and
now that the pressing needs which started a
heavy movement to this center are at an end"
it Is only natural that normal conditions again
will hold sway. This means that the tendency
of interior institutions from now on wlil ba
to reduce rather than enlarge their New York
balances, although as a matter of fact the re
action from stock panics heretofore has al
ways been reflected in a sudden rising of cash
reserves, due to receipts from miscellaneous
sources.
London Market.
LONDON. May 18.— Money was quiet to-day
and practically unlendable. Consequently dis
counts were easier. There was a disposition to
work cautiously,* in view of the heavy repay
ments to the bank on Monday.
Condition of the Treasury
The Stock Exchange operators took a 'holi
day to-day. The feeling is more cheerful,
owing to the expected relief from the (settle
ment being surmounted without disaster.
WASHINGTON, May 18.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances . in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
New Ycrk Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, May lS.-FLOUR r Receipts,
12,650; exports, 17,658; steady and more active
on most grades. Minnesota patents, $3 95@4 20;
do bakers, $2 90@3 25; winter patents, $3 65@4;
winter PtraightB, J3 45@3 55; winter extras, $2 15
@2 £5; winter low grades, $2 30@2 40.
WHEAT— Receipts, 200,430 bushels; exports,
57,604 bushels; epot, firm. No. 2 red, S2%c
f o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 79c elevator; No.
1 Northern Duluth, S3%c f. o. b. afloat;. No.
1 hard Duluth, OOVfec f. o. b. afloat; | Options
opened easy owing to a drop at Liverpool and
rather favorable domestic crop news. Later
they turned suddenly strong on foreign buying
and a firm set of late Continental cables, clos
ing strong U£'%c net advance. May closed 81c,
July, 78&7S 11-lfic, closed 78%c; September, 75%@
73 13-16c, closed 75%c. .
HOPS — Quiet. State common to choice, 1900
crop. 17@-20c: Pacific Coast. 1900 crop, 16@19c.
HIDES— Steady; California, 21 to 25 pounds,
19c; Tfc>.as.-14@14VzC.
WOOLr-Dull; domestic fleece, 26@27c; Texas,
16@17c.
COFFEE— Spot, dull. No.' 7 invoice, «Vic;
'mild, qdiet; Cordova, S&SM2Y&& Futures closed
unchanged to 5 points higher. Total sales,
12,500 bags, including: May, 5.40c; June, 5.35c;
July, 5.45c; August, 5.5C@5.60c; September, 5.55
@5.G0c and October, 'B.eOc.
SUGAR — Raw, firm; fair refining, " 3%c; cen
trifugal, P6 test, 4 9-32c; molasses sugar, 3%c.
Refined quiet; No. 6, 5c; No. 7, 4.20c; No. 8,
4.80c: No. 9, 4.75c; No. 10, 4.70c; No. 11, 4.65c;
No. 12. 4.60c; No. 13. 4.60c; No. 14, 4.05c; stand
ard A. 5.35c; confectioners 1 A, 5.23c; mold A,
5.90c; cut loaf, 6.05c; crushed, 6.05c; powdered,
5.90c; granulated, 5.55c; cubes, 6.90c.
BUTTER— Receipts, 3126 packages; quiet.
Creamery, lS@13c; factory, ll@13c.
EGGS— Receipts, 13,553 packages; steady.
Western ungraded, ll@13c.
DRIED FRUITS.
Evaporated apples, quiet State common,
3£tf4o; prime, 4%@4%c; choice, 5@5%c; fancy,
California dri<?d fruits, quiet. .
PRUNES- 3H@7c per pound, as to size and
quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, 8V4@12c; Moorpark, S'i®
liC.
PEACHES— Peeled, 12%@20c; unpeeled, 5i£@,
10c. .
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, May 18.— Trade in wheat . was
fairly active, weak cables and favorable .crop
reports, which worked to the disadvantage of
the market in the early part of to-day's ses
sion, being lost sight of later in view of the
strong export demand that developed. Dis
appointing cables induced considerable Belling
at first, July wheat opening Y*@% to %@Vic
lower at 71%@71%c. Then, on the strength
of reports of a large, continental demand, cash
buyers got into the market and a sharp rally
carrier the price to 72%@72%c. Early sup
plies were quickly absorbed, the bull leader
in corn being a conspicuous buyer. Under
pront-taking there was only aVslight reaction
and the market closed strong and %@%c high
er at 72%c
The closing of the May deal and heavy re
ceipts caused considerable liquidation among
scattered longs in the corn market. Trade
was fairly actrve. July closed steady at. %@
%c lower at 447fc@44%c. May closed weak and
4c lower at 46^c.
Oats were strong, the feature being good
general investment buying. July closed %c
higher at 28%c.
Provisions were strong on good buying and
light receipts of hogs. July pork closed 5c
higher, lard 7V£@10c higher and ribs '5c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
4s l%d; do old; nominal. Futures, quiet: July.
3s lU4d; September, 3s U%d.
¦'•¦ FLOUR— Steady; fancy winter, Sa.
HOPS— At London: Pacific Coast, steady,
£4@£4 10s. ¦ .,- v-v
California Fruit Sales.
• CHICAGO,, May 18.— Newcastle apricots, sin
gle crate, /average $135. Cherries—Tartar
ians, boxes, $101 SO, average $1 28; Governor
Wood, average 75c; 881 packages grossed $1106.
Remainder of car sold hy other firms. One
car sold to-day. Weather wet and •¦ unfavor
able. ' • ' . '¦ . ;'
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, May 18.— The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day amounted to 11,430 bales,
including a fair selection. All fine scoureds
were in active demand, including a few su
perior Queenslands and Victorias, which
brought extreme rates. Fine merinos were
in good request, especially extra light greasy.
The latter were taken by American purchasers.
Cross-breds were in good general demand and
several parcels were bought by American pur
chasers, i - .
Recipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY, MAT IS.
Flour, qr sks . 14,448 Wool, bales.: . 240
Barley, ctls....... 730 Sugar, ctls,... 283
Cora, ctls 30 Wine, gals 45,100
Potatoes, sks..... .973 Pelts, bdls.. ...... 531
Onions, sks 739 Hides, No. 1,600
Bran, sks...: 1,773 Leather, rolls.... 246
Middlings, sks... 440 Lime, bbls 1S2
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks..... 10,0601
• -
at 2S@30c per box for red. 40@65c for dark and
S5c@$l " for Royal Anne. \
STRAWBERRIES— 1~&9 per chest for Long
worths and $4@6 for large berries. Receipts
were 402 chests and 650 craves. The latter sold
at 75c@$l 15 per crate. "
BLACKBERRIES— From Newcastle. $1 73 per
crate.
RASPBERRIES — 60(8750 per . drawer; from
Newcastle. $1 25©1 50 per crate.
GOOSEBERRIES— 20g33c per drawer; Eng
lish. 8c per lb. ¦'.••«
CURRANTS— 33®65c per crate and 35@63c per
drawer. -. _i-- \
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, 73c@t2 23;
Seedlings. 60c@$l 50; Tangerines. 50c@tl 25;
Lemons. 75c@$l 25 for common and $1 50©2 50
for good to choice: Grape Fruit, 50c@$l 50;
Mexican Limes. $t@4 50: Bananas. $1 25@2 30
per bunch for New . Orleans and $1 23@S for
Honolulu; Pineapples. $2@4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Canvassing . the State . for crop prospects
seems to be the fashion this year. It 13 a
good plan, as it gives the growers and buyers
a fair idea of the size of the crop. The Santa
Clara Valley Fruit Exchange has lately been
canvassing its section and sixteen districts re
port a Prune crop ranging from a third to a
.tenth of last year's yield. The great ma
jority report a prospective yield of from a
tenth to a quarter. The general average makes
a croD of about a quarter, or say 20.000,000
pounds, against 90,000.000 pounds for the valley
last year. If these estimates prove fairly cor
rect Prunes ought to sell this fall away above
last year's prices.
FRUITS— Apricots, 5«27%c for Royals: Evapo
rated Apples. 4®6c: sun-dried, l»i©2c: Peaches,
xv.«4e for standard. 4W.<ra5%r> for choice and ««
6y.c for fancy: Pears. S@7c: Plums, pitted, 3@4c:
unpitted, l^l*ic; Nectarines, 4@4&c for red and
4@5c fcr white.
PRUNES— 4 sizes. 3c; 40-5OS. 6*4c: 50-608. 4tfc ;
fiO-TOs. 3%c- 70-gOs. SUc; S0-90s, 2%c; 90-lOOs,
214c; 100-12CS. l%e.
RAISINS — The Raislna Growers" Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, Ho per lb; choice, lie;
In the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balances, $159,147,006; gold, $45,970,612.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.JD, SUNDAY, MAY 19, 1 901.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
• LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— July. Sept.
Opening 5 10% 5 994
Closing 5 10% 5 8%
PARIS.
Wheat— May. July-Aug.
Opening 19 90 20 63 .
Closing 19 90 20 55
Flour— ;
Opening ; •';.... 25 15 25 S3
Closing .25 20 25 S3
OPEN
35
Articles— :"¦'!¦', '*-¦' ' ¦'—'¦
"Wheat No. 2— Open. High. Low. Close.
May ... 72% 73% 72% 73%
July.. 71% 72% 71% .72%
May rn :. N .°:.. 2 "..... 47% 49% 46 | 46%
July 44% 44% 44% 44%
September 44 44% 43% '43%
Oats No. 2— '¦
May .'.... 29U 30% 29% 29%
July 28 28% 27% . 28%
September 26 26% 25% ' 26%
Mess Pork. Der bbl— .
May .1472%
July 14 82% 14 90 14 82% 14 85
September 14 80 14 80 14 75 14 75
Lard, i>er 100 lbs—
May 8 10 8 12% 8 10 8 10
July 8 00 8 10 8 00 8 07%
September 8 05 8 12% 8 02% 8 10
Short Ribs. Der 100 lbs—
May 8 10 8 17% \ 8 10 8 12%
July 7 90 7 97% l 7 90 7 92%
September 7 85 7 92% 7 83 7 87%
STATION'S.
! Last I This I
:24 Hours Season. |
I Last
I Season.
;ka ,
Bluff
amento
Francisco —
no
pendence ....
Luis Oblspo
A::seles ....
Diego
). .
_
1 i
, 0.22 46.32
24.27
19.51
20.51
11.03
5.61
30.94
. Trace. 15.60
| 0.01 11.26
48.55
22.S4
20.24
18.42
10.27
3.65
17.20
7.91
e.s»
r-a
Articles— :"¦'!¦', '*-¦' ' ¦'—'¦
"Wheat No. 2— Open. High. Low. Close.
May ... 72% 73% 72% 73%
July.. 71% 72% 71% .72%
May rn :. N .°:.. 2 "..... 47% 49% 46 | 46%
July 44% 44% 44% 44%
September 44 44% 43% '43%
Oats No. 2— '¦
May .'.... 29U 30% 29% 29%
July 28 28% 27% . 28%
September 26 26% 25% ' 26%
Mess Pork. Der bbl— .
May .1472%
July 14 82% 14 90 14 82% 14 85
September 14 80 14 80 14 75 14 75
Lard, i>er 100 lbs—
May 8 10 8 12% 8 10 8 10
July 8 00 8 10 8 00 8 07%
September 8 05 8 12% 8 02% 8 10
Short Ribs. Der 100 lbs—
May 8 10 8 17% \ 8 10 8 12%
July 7 90 7 97% l 7 90 7 92%
September 7 85 7 92% 7 83 7 87%
STATION'S.
! Last I This I
:24 Hours Season. |
I Last
I Season.
;ka ,
Bluff
amento
Francisco —
no
pendence ....
Luis Oblspo
A::seles ....
Diego
). .
_
1 i
, 0.22 46.32
24.27
19.51
20.51
11.03
5.61
30.94
. Trace. 15.60
| 0.01 11.26
48.55
22.S4
20.24
18.42
10.27
3.65
17.20
7.91
e.s»
r-a
Organized Under the Laws of the State of New Jersey.
Preferred Stock, = $16,250,000
Common Stock, - 20,000,000
MANUFACTURERS OF HEAVY ENGINES, MINING AND
OTHER MACHINERY.
$8,400,000
SEVEN PER CENT. CUMULATIVE AND CONVERTIBLE
PREFERRED STOCK. ,
OFFERI D BY THE UNDERSIGNED FOR SALE AT 105 PER CENT.
payable, with accrued dividend, at the rate of seven per cent, per annum from May 1, 130L
50 per cent. May 24, 1901,
50 per cent. July I, 1901,
•with the privilege of anticipating the latter payment. Negotiable receipts will be Issued
against payments, exchangeable for engraved certificates of stock as soon as they can be
prepared.
The Preferred Stock. In shares of $100 each. Is preferred In liquidation to tha amount
of Its par value and accumulated dividends.
It Is preferred In cumulative dividends to the extent of seven per cent, per annum, and
has a further preference of one per cent., non-cumulative, after the payment of seven per
cent, upon the Common Stock.
It Is convertible Into Common Stock, share for share, at the option of the holder,
upon any first day of May until and Including May 1. 1921. exclusive of any declared divi-
dends.
No additional Preferred Stock can be Issued at less than par In cash, or for property
at such cash value.
The certificate of Incorporation confers authority upon the Board of Directors, In their
discretion, to declare and pay dividends on the Common Stock concurrently with the Pre-
ferred Stock, when. earned and applicable thereto. \
¦ The fiscal year of the company commences May 1. The Preferred .Stock Dividends ai:a
payable quarterly, commencing August 1, 1901. Application will be duly made to list the
Preferred and Common Stocks on the New Tork Stock Exchange.
. The Allls-Chalmers Company represents the consolidation of the property and business
of the following builders of he^vy machinery:
, The Edward P. Allis Ct»» of Milwaukee, Wi«.
Frassr & Chalmers, Incorporated, of Chicago, III.
Gates Iron Works, of Chicago, 111.
Diskson Mfg. Co , of Scranton, Pa. (exc!n:iv2 of Locomotive Wcrlcs).
All property acquired Is to be conveyed In fee and free from mortgasre o»
other lien.
No mortgage can be placed upon the property without the assent of seventy-five per
cent, of the amount of Preferred Stock outstanding.
The expert engineer, Mr. Julian Kennedy, reports, after several personal examinations
of the properties, that he estimates "the value of the plants, taking Into account the real
estate, buildings, machinery, tools, patterns, drawings and patents, together with the cost
of organizing and getting into full operation, but not estimating: anything for
good will, at f 0,035,000."
He further reports, under date of April 3, 1901. as follows:
- "I find the plants all running at their fullest capacity. The great bulk of the tools
in all of these are comparatively new, having been put in within the last seven or eight
years, and all the works are in good condition and running smoothly."
The security of the Preferred Stock, without any consideration for the ad-
vantages accruing from the. consolidation, for the -valuable good will
of- the several Companies, so long and favorably known all -over the world, or
tor the earning capacity of the united Companies, will be substantially as follows:
• Cash Capital • • • -910,000,000
of vt-hich sum $2,500,000 Trill be expended tn the
erection of nn additional plant to dpnble the pres-
ent capacity of the Allis Works. *
. Valuation a» above of existing plants owned in fee
and freeof lien.. 0,035,000
Total present valne of tangible property 910,035,000
The total issue of Preferred Stock against this prop-
erty is 1G,25O,OOO
all of which is issued for cash at par. or, in lieu of cash, for the plants at less than their
valuation as above stated, and of which total issee there will be more than 61 per cent,
in cash, and the balance will be in property that produces much more than the cumu-
lative divided to 'which the Preferred Stock Is entitled.
Of the total Preferred Stock, *",S30.000 has been accepted by the original Companies In
lieu of cash, in part payment for their properties to be conveyed to this Company. Th«
remaining JS, 400,000 is now offered for sale to provide for the discharge of existing mort-
gages and for part of the above-mentioned Cash Capital, the remainder thereof being pro-
vided by the sale of Common Stock already consummated.
The "accounts of the several concerns have been examined by Messrs. Jones. Caesar &
Co., chartered accountants, who certify "that the combined profits of these Companies, In
eac'h^of the last two fiscal years, after making full provisions for depreciation and bad
debts, but without charging interest and management salaries, exceeded the amount re-
quired to pay seven per cent, dividends upon J16.25O.00O Preferred Stock, whilst for the last
fiscal year the profits, as above defined, considerably exceeded such amount." It was not
until the last year, that the new works of Fraser & Chalmers came Into full operation.
The net profits for the fUcal year ending May 1. 1902, are estimated by the chief offi-
cials of the respective companies, without- any allowance for increase of manufacturing
capacity, or for the economies of consolidation, or increase of prices, at sufficient to pay
dividends at the rate of seven per cent, on the $16,130,000 Preferred Stock and about four
per cent, on $20,000,000 of Common Stock. Including the economies from consolidation con-
fidently anticipated by these authorities, the net profits for the same period should ex-
ceed the amount required to pay seven per cent, dividends on both classes of stock.
The same officials similarly estimate that upon the completion of the additional AIUs
Works now in process of construction, the profits will be equivalent to eight per cent, on
$15,250. 000 of Preferred Stock and ten per cent, on $20,000,000 of Common Stock, with a
material addition to the Surplus Account.
The Allis, I'rr*cr & Chalmers and Gates Iron Works plants ha-re
been operated night and day during; the past feTi* years, and have,
from lack of capacity, declined In that period as much business a»
they -have been able to accept.
- The business of these concerna, with more than fifty per cent; Increase of capacity and
ample cash capital, will be conducted by the Messrs. Allis and Reynolds, of E. P. Allts
Company; W. J. Chalmers, of Fraser *: Chalmers, and Gates & Hoyt. of Gates Iroa
Works, who have successfully managed their respective works for many years.
The Board of Directors has been constituted as follows:
EDWARD D. ADAMS, New York. CHARLES ALLIS, Milwaukee.
MARK T. COX. Oranse, Pf. J. WILLIAM W. ALLIS, Milwaukee.
WM. Ij. ELKIXS JR., Philadelphia. FRANK G. BICELOW, Milwaukee.
13LBERT H..GARY, New York. W. J. CHALMERS, Chicago.
HENRY W. HOYT, " Cliieago. JAMES H. ECKELS. Chlcaco.
"WILLIAM A. READ, Xew York. ¦ MAX PAM, Chicago.
JA^IES STILLMA>*, Xew York. EDWIX REYNOLDS, Milwaukee.
CORNELIUS VANDERBILT. New York.
The regularity of the incorporation of the Allls-Chalmers Company and the validity at
'¦ the issue of its securities are certifies to by Messrs. Strong & Cadwalader. of New Tork.
\ and Messrs. Pam, Calhoun & Glennon, of Chicago."
The accounts of the Company will be regularly audited by Chartered Accountants.
SUBSCRIPTIONS VOR THE ABOVE-DESCRIBED PREFERRED STOCK
"-WILL BE RECEIVED AT THE OFFICES OF THE UNDERSIGNED UN-
TIL THE CLOSE OF BUSINESS ON TUESDAY. THE 21ST DAY OF .MAY.
SUBJECT TO THE RIGHT RESERVED TO REJECT ANY OR ALL SUB-
SCRIPTIONS. AND TO CLOSE THE SUBSCRIPTION AT ANY TIME WITH-
OUT NOTICE. TEMPORARY RECEIPTS WILL BE ISSUED PESDING
THE PREPARATION OK ENGRAVED CERTIFICATES.
The entire "amount of this issue has be«n underwritten.' '•'.> T '.'
AFTER PERSONAL INVESTIGATION WITH THE ASSISTANCE OF EXPERTS IN
THEIR RESPECTIVE LINES, OF THE PROPERTIES, BUSINESS AND EXECUTIVE
ADMINISTRATION TO BE REPRESENTED BY THE ALLIS-CHALMERS COMPANY.
" WE* RECOMMEND ITS PREFERRED STOCK AS A MANUFACTURING INVESTMENT.
IN THE SECURITY, EARNINGS AND MANAGEMENT OF WHICH WE HAVE BN-
Vermilye &. Company,
. • New York and Boston.
. . * '' - ¦ . ¦ "¦ . '-¦-'¦ ¦, ¦ ¦ -
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE
•Ex* -^ OP £^
60 HEAD GENTLE WORK. DRIVING »n«
BUSINESS HORSES.
Welshing From 1000 to 1430.
Also SPAN 1200 MULES.
Consisted by J. P. HTNES. BRENTWOOD.
Contra Costa Co..
To Be Sold en
MONDAT a MAT 10. U01
At 11 A. M.. at
SALESTARD. 1732 MARKET ST.. CORNXR
VAN NESS.
FRED H. CHASE & CO..
Successors to KUllp & Co..
Livestock Auctioneers.
Horses now at yard.
fe Regular Weekly Auction Sale fe
TUESDAY. May 21st. at 11 o'clocS, 1140 Folsom
street, of Horses, Bu^giea. "Wasona and Har-
ness. S. "WATKINS, Auctioneer.
| THAT WI LL PAY 33^3 % I
Any one desiring a safe investment which W
/! trings appreciable returns will be interested .in «;oo V
m shares of stock we have for sale in a large manufactur- \M
)f ing enterprise which is just beginning operations in M
V Cal.fornia. The stock at present rates will pay 33 3 \V
£) per cent on" investments. Judicious investors should A|
% call on us and take advantage cf this opportunity. Jf
$ WEST COAST INVESTMENT CO., % YThere was a clatter of falling timbers:
Miss Deshler swung the bottle against
the smooth steel beak and threw it*
sparkling contents over the metal, and
then slowly, as if fearing to move, then
gathering way as the full measure of he r
freedom burst upon her. the stately
mass of metal glided awav from those
watching her. taking with her their
hearts and their prayers and proudlv
unfolding to the breezes the flag that i«
at once her mission and her life. The
band reveled in the stirring bars of the
'"Star-Spangled Banner:" the scream o'
nent-up steam shrieked from a thousand
brazen throats: the thunder of guns
From far down came cjearlv the
cry — "All right." Then with a rattle of
small bells the flap on the guillotine fell,
disclosing the word "Readv." Mis?
Barber pressed the button that released
the knife; it shot downward and
through the cord, and the two ends
disappeared as the triggers swung from
their places.
The tide had reached its height, and
¦with 5000 tons hanging by a« single
beam delay is dangerous. There was
nothing to be said, for the poem dedi
cating the vessel to the service of the
flag had been repeated, and the hopes
for success had been expressed. A be
ribboned bottle was lowered from . her
port bow by a band of red, white and
blue, and the cutting of the rope that
held the triggers only remained to be
done.
of a strinking clock the men drove
their hammers . upon their wedges
and the splitting of timber and
the. sound of falling beams min
gled with the clink of steel on
bteel and the cry of the complaining
cradle. Then as the last of the first set
of blocks and shores was tumbled down
bilence wrapped the slip again and the
people looked at their watches and
spoke in whispers and glanced
uneasily at the big I red hull,
fearful that it would take the plunge
too soon; fearful that it would not be
ready on time; fearful that it would not
leave its resting-place for the shifting,
restless element that was to be its home.
There were ten minutes left, and again
the hammers busied themselves, this
time with a nervous note of hurry in
their clatter, and the voice of the mas
ter shipwright could be heard sharp
and clear and decisive. The wedges
Tent and tore at the remaining blocks:
the painters rushed here and there with
can and brush: the sharp orders came
quicker and clearer, and on the stand
the two Scotts walked here apd there
trying to be courteous to their guests
and to seem at ease, but with all -the
Weight of the vessel on their minds.
And the ship herself, serene as the
Sphinx, unruffled by the picking of
hammers and wedges and the falling of
shores and blocks, waited quietly and
without a tremble for the word.
There was a sudden hush of the ham
mers. Workmen ran from under the
hull like bees from a hive. The master
shipwright scanned the dock up and
down on either side, for woe to the man
who remained among the blocks while
that v.eiclit was flying seaward over his
head. But the men had seen ships leave
the ways before, and thev never linger
when the sledges ce^se. Thev all were
out and a knot gathered at each fide
near the bow. where the triggers that
held her were ready to be sprung.
HEW NAVAL TEEEOE IS BORN.
rippled the water with their riot, and
from the shore and rising hills, black
with people, rose a misrhtv cheer — one
that may echo in her mighty heart some
day when most she needs it. and will
find its answer in the flutter of the flaer
still blithely waving from its staff
astern.
How It Was Done.
The launch was on when Miss Barber
pressed the button that set the little guil
lotine in motion. It was a queer little
contraption of "brass and steel brightly
burnJshed and with a curved and finely
whetted blade. It stood about two and a
half feet high and upon a table, and over
the little block that was fixed to its base
ran a tightly stretched cord of halliard
stuff. The ax was weighted by a cap of
brass and ran freely up and down on four
rods of Dolished steel. The drop was
about two feet. Topping the contrivance
was a cylinder six inches high, to which
the four upright rods were bolted. From
its lower end hung a trip hook; In Its
front was a little flap that concealed the
word "ready" until released, and inside
some little bells.
Standing with the bulb of the press
button in her hand, Miss Barber waited
for the tinkle of the bell and the falling
of the little disk of metal. She had been
carefully coached and was. warned not to
press the button before the word was
sprung in sight. ¦ ¦ m ' .
When all the shores had been knocked
away and everything was clear the mas
ter shipwright down on the dock searched
with his eyes up and down to see that
rone of his men were still below the hull.
Mrs. Lawrence had recited her stirring
words of dedication; the President stood
by the table watching the little guillotine;
the tiny ax had been raised and hung to
the trip hook,. and the bulb was passed to
Miss Barber, who stood beside the Presi
dent. N •
Near the President was Governor Nash
of Ohio. Around him were the visiting
Congressmen, Admiral Casey and the
ncval officers attached to the works and
fiom the vessels In the stream: General
Shatter, Major Rathbone. Mayor Phelan,
the Cabinet Secretaries, the Japanese
Corsul and his attaches; Ho'Yow, the
Chinese Consul, and bis suite; Chief of
Police Sullivan, the two, Scotts, J. O'B.
Gunn, General Warfleld, State Senator
Davis, Senator Belshaw, a number of Fed
era] officials and State officers, the City
Supervisors and many other -men promi
nent In city and State and nation, and a
number of ladies, the wives and friends
of the men of the party. Miss Deshler
hela the bottle of wine, one wrapped In
the red. white and blue and hanging from
the staff of a flag that projected over the
bow of the vessel. Over her frowning
hawsepipes had been draped the three
colors of the flag; bristling from her rail
and portholes were fluttering flags, from
her stern floated the national ensign and
at her Jacketaff in her bow the jack was
rolled, ready to be broken out as soon as
she should come to rest in the mud bank
opposite the slip.
As the party stood on tiptoe with ex
citement there was* the sharp ringing of
the little bell In the machine and with a
click the metal flap fell forward and
showed the shining letters of the word
"Ready."
Worked Like a Charm.
It was a signal for both the young la
lies. Miss Barber pressed the button on
the bulb In her hand and the tiny. -ax
flashed downward like a. ray of light. It
•shore clean through the cord and the two
ends so' suddenly released disappeared
through the holes In the table by which
he cord reached and ran over the blocK.
Down under the hull there was a sound
as of the striking of a heavy mallet and
he rumble of falling timbers, and with
lut a second's hesitation the «reat hull
started slowly down the wavs, her bows
'oaming with the contents of the bo:tle
Miss Deshler had Just broken against her
'ide as she said. "I christen thee Ohio."
What the little guillotine did was to re
ease two "dog shores," the 'ast things
hat held the vessel on the ways, 'i'r.e
log shores were beams of heavy timber,
•Ight inches square and four feet loner.
On the under side of each was a heaw
weight swung on an arm. the weight be
ng latched at one end of the dog shore
ind the arm pivoted at the other, so that
vhen the weight was released it swung
lown with a blow forceful enough to
'mock loose any timber in its way, and
hat was its purpose.
Each ¦ way was double, two greasy
Continued from Page Twenty-Five.
LAUNCHING OF THE OHIO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 19, 1901.
v A ¦bill .was Introduced In , the Delaware
Legislature .the '¦ other day -providing; for
,-, Sherwood Circle will give- one of Its en
tertaining s socials , on : the .last : Wednesday
of the current month/ ,-''¦;,.- .-,•--
:: - Loyal Circle received applications 'at its
last, held. meeting.- It is arranging for; a
party to be given on the night of. the 1st
of June."' ' : ' • ,\
•'. A newcircleof Companions of : the For
est,, to • be £ known • as German-American,
will ¦: be-: instituted In • this city 7: In .the
Foresters'. building to-night.- •
Companions of. the Forest.
The lodge in ,N«vada City. In'tiated a
number of candidates^ at its . last, held
meeting.:' : ' . • * " ' ¦ .,.-'
At the meeting of California L,odge to
morrow - night several ' candidates will be
inducted Into the mysteries of the order.
Garden City Lodge - was Instituted last
week In San Jose by Chief Organizer
Wallls. assisted by Supremo Vice Chan
cellor Elliott, iWlth J. A. Doblln rs chan
cellor and A. c E.Webber as financier and
receiver. The new lodge starts In -with a
good membership and has good prospects
for rapid Increase. On the 24th the chief
organizer will visit the same city. or the
purposeof Instituting another new. lodge.
Supreme Vice Chancellor* Elliott will
leave on the 19th ;lnst." for -the southern
part . of the State and ; then proceed to
Arizona. ¦'-¦•'¦.¦¦' ' •'.". ', ¦ v '"-.*"¦"
United Moderns.
There were ropes enough' holding; down
the chain to raise a thousand tons and
all of them were needed to curb the big
red hull and bring it to rest. The vessels
stopped about 250 yards from where, since
April 22, 1899. when her keel was laid, she
had grown j from a few wavering . lines on
paper to a giant of the sea that need ' fear
no -wind, or -weather — a fltting warrior of
the flag she bears. . - .,•-.-.- , ¦
Two Runaway Accidents.
A horse belonging to Leibenbaum & Co.
•was hitched to a post at ; the" Arctic- Oil
• ¦ -.' i . ~ •-' ¦ ¦¦ —
planes,? sixteen Inches across and about a
foot apart being run down each side of
the slip. One end of the "dog shore'
reached up between these two ways on
each side and caught against the sliding
ways that formed the slipping surface of
the cradle bearing the ship; the other end.
took. against a timber bolted between each
cet of stationary ways and was kept from
slipping down and out by a timber that
reached from under the end of ?he,"dcg
Bhore" to a bloqk set firmly in the floor
of the wharf. '.The arm bearing the weight
was swung at . the supported end of the
% "dog shored' and the trigger that held the
weight atthe other end of the shore was
caught with a \ylre: this wire was fast to
a cord and tills cord ran on to the launch
ing stand, up through the table, over tho
block of the little guillotine ami down to
the trigger on tho other "dog shore," so
that there was '.no possibility of one
weight falling without the other. When
the cord was cut the weights were re
leased; they swung down and brought up
against the supporting timber under the
end of the "dbs shore": it .lew from its
place and. free of all holding, tne, vessel
started for the water. !
With the gathering way the problem of
checking the ship before she rhad run
clear across the basin and up against the
oil wharves at the other side became
more serious, but ropes and chain and
the mud bank finally stopped her as gent
ly as- a feather bed. -*i*ia^/#<»i
Shackled to her on each side was a
chain that might hold a fleet. Where it
was made fast to her was just forward
of her waist; and then it was led to the
floor of the wharf and down alongside
of her to the water's edge, where It was
firmly shackled. At intervals, and short
ones, along the dock, It was "stoppered','
or tied down with bands of rope capable
of holding tons of weight, and as the
vessel slid down these stoppers cracked
like pistols as the chain reached and tore
through them as If they were threads.
The same nalutatlon of whistles caused
a 'horse attached to a carriage, in which
Mrs. Charlotte Kennedy and her daughter
Irene were seated to capsize and throw
the ladies put.. They were conveyed to
the Emergency Hospital, where they wero
treated by Dr. Stevens for a. few slight
abrasions about the face, after which they
were taken to their home 'at 2419 Webster
street. ' ¦ . 'VSBSM
Company's works yesterday by "W. A.
Wigmore. 1 As soon as the steam whistles
commenced their -oongs of salutation the
horse became scared and broke its halter.
In running away the reins became wound
about the feet of a boy named W. Cozard,
residing at 1163 Market street. The falling
of the frightened horse, which caused its
legr to break,, probably saved the life of
the lad, as. he had been -firmly bound in
the twisted colls of the lines.
the sale. of 200 acres of State land on the
ocean front ut Rehoboth for $200. There
upon a Wilmlneton paper offered to sell
rthe property for the State for at least
T1000, and printed a coupon to be
filled out and . returned to it by
any person who would give 51 for
a lot 150x150 feet In size. With
in three or (our days the paper found cus
tomers for 2226 lots "and tne cry lo still
they come!" It now guarantees to sell
another 1000 lots on the tract at the stuna
price, so that the State, if It wishes, will
pet' at least $2000 for property for which
the original speculators offered one-tenth
that sum. The Incident Bhowa that news
paper publicity is oftentimes a wholesome
deterrent on legislation, and that the
average "man has an , Innate hankering
after cheap .land— Providence Journal.,
36
D. I. Newklrk, & native of New Tork. aged
W years 11 months and 22 days.
lC7 i The funeral services will ba held to-
morrow (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at th« resi-
dence of her sister, Mrs. D. I. Newklrk. 2723
Mission street, between' Twenty-third and
Twenty-fourth itreets.
WHlTE^In this city. May 16. U01. Patrick
White, beloved brother of Mrs. Catherine
O'Brien; Mrs. John Rocha and Michael
White, and uncle of Mrs. Thomas Traypor.
Mrs. J. Healey, Mrs. J..C. Castlo and Han*
nah O'Brien, a native of the parish of
Ahane, County Limerick, Ireland, aged 81
years.
CFrtends and acquaintances, are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 13 o'clock, from the resident-*
of his sister. Catherine O'Brien. 243 Elsl*
street, off Cortland avenue, thenca to St.
John's Church (Old St. Mary's Colle*e> for
services. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
CARD OF THANKS. .
To tha members of Ptquot Lodxe No. *".
I. O.' O. F. : I wish to return my slncero
thanks for their kindness during the Illness of
my late husband. Herman Kaiser, and also
for their kindness and benefits to me sine*
his death: also to friends who tendered nv>
sympathy befor* and after. Hoping that all
members and all who loin In future will re-
ceive tha same as I have. I remain, with
sincere and
CARD OF THANKS.
PETERSEN— To the many friends ana ac-
quaintances who gave so many evidences of
their heartfelt and comforting sympathy dur-
ing cur lats bereavement of loving husband
and son-in-law we desire to return mir sin-
cere thanks. MRS. PETERSEN.
MRS. F. DAY
CARD OF THANKS. ,
The family herewith beg to express their,
stneerest thanks for the great attendance anil
beautiful tokens of sympathy at the funeral
of our only and beloved son and brother.
MR. and , MRS. J. B. HENRIOULLE,
Parents.
ELIZABETH HEXRIOUTXe. Sister.
tiLlSRY. . GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL" P. DONOVAN. Mer.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3,
¦ . 20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln C3I 00L
.. ' Telephone South SO. . . ¦
Itugene McGinn. Mc^^TdituS^
. Funeral Directors and Embalmeri. •
. „ .. SI EDDY STREET.
Telephone South 252. San Francisco.
No Connection "With Any Other House.
MAGUIRE— In > the City and County Hospital,
May 17, 1901, • Infant* daughter of Maggie
Magulre, a native of California, aged 6 days.
MAIKI— In* the City and Countv ¦ Hospital,
May 18, 1901. T. Mallei, a native of Japan,
; aced 21 years.
MALONEY— In West Berkeley.' May 16. 1901,
.Cornelius Maloney, ' beloved father of Mrs. D.
.i"\V." McLauEhlln.. and C. D. Maloney, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 67 years. ¦. . .'. .
•E3 P Friends and acquaintances are ¦respect-
fully; Invited to r attend th« funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from his late resl-
• ' deuce.' 23H Eighth street. .-. West ' Berkeley,
:• thence . to ,St." Joseph's '¦ Church, where ser-
. vices will be held. • commencing at 12:30
"o'clock... Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
San - Francisco, ¦¦ via 2 o'clock" creek .route
¦ ferry.' ¦"¦ > • ¦• '¦:¦-'¦:';•.•¦. ¦ • - '
NEWHOUSE— In' this city, May. IS, 1901. Ade-
. lia'Newhouse, beloved mother of Simeon H.,'
.*•; Hetty, Morris. - Ida and, Milton 'Newhouse, a
;. native of .Pennsylvania, aged 62 years.
OSGOOD— In May 16," 1901, L. E.
'. Osgood, 'c pioneer ' of Washington '¦ Township,
: fall of .'62. 1 a : native of ¦ Blue Hill," • Me., aged
• 69 j-ears 10 months anil "ft days. -¦
( E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. ; fully, invited • to , attend ' the funeral - services
i- this, day (Sunday), at 11 • o'clock, ! at , Odd
.' Fellows'* Hall. :..Haywards.
PERCY— In Oakland,' May • 18. ¦ 1901. Miss Choe-
: lottl ; B. .; Percy, > a native of -Bath, -Me.,, aged
• -61- years and -5 months. , . - : . ;
QUALM AN— In • this - r ci ty. May — . 1901. Major
Charles '„ Qualman.i . a native " of ¦ Hamburg,
; Germany, , aged • 61 : years 10 months and 28
' days. '. :, >lc»ai*TO|Ea|^«anfaiafeyttB '^Ltf IHlfflWi
REEVES— In this ' city, May 18, 1901. Frances
Elizabeth Reeves, beloved daughter of Wil-
liam and Martha Reeves, a native of Cali-
fornia; aged 5 years 4 months and 12 days.
RITHET— In this city. May 14. 1901. Edward
Fatcrson, beloved son of Mr. and Mrs. R.
P. Rlthet, a native of Victoria. B. C. aged
20 years 4 months and 10 days.
(CTFuneral to-morrow (Monday), at 10
o'clock, at the residence. 334S Clay street.
ROSS— May 18, 1901. Ann S. Ross, widow of
James Ross (Rosa Valley. Marln County), and
mother of Mrs. Ueorge A. Wonn, a native of
Kent. England, aged 79 years. > '
EJ^Interment strictly private.
SAVAGE— In this city. May 18. 1D01. Thomas
Savage, a native of Ireland, aged 77 years.
SHEA— In this city, May 17, . 1901, Michael,
dearly beloved husband of Brlgld Steele Shea,
.and father of Frank T.. Will D., Mary T..
Annie B.. Margaret and Reglna Shea and
Mrs. J. B. Cantrell. a native of Caanel. Ira-
land, ased 72 years and 10 months. (Roma
and Syracuse, N. Y., papers please copy.)
. CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1422 Green street, thence to St.
Brlsrld's Church, Broadway and Van Ness
avenue, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for tho repose of his soul,
commencing: at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by! electric funerati car from
-Fourteenth and Mission streets. Kindly omit
.flowers. . .
SIMMONS-In this city, May 18." 1901, Louise
J. Simmons, beloved mother of Charles W.
.Simmons, a native of Massachusetts, aged S3
years 7 months and. 19 days.
TORHEY- In this city. May 18. 1901. Llnton
Torrey. a native of Iowa, aged 26 years. -
TROY-In this . city,' May 17. 1301. Katie, be-
loved wife of Patrick Troy.- and mother of
. Andrew, Raymond, Joseph. Percy and Irvine
Troy, ;a native of Queenstown, Ireland, aced
42 yea rs. . ' - ,
ITTFriends and ¦ acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited. to. attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 11:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California Undertaking: Company. 403
Powell street, near Post. ¦ Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.'by carriage. .
WAINRIGHT— In thlsclty, .May 17, 1901 Rob-
ert Stephens Walnrlght, -only son of John S.
and Mary Walnrlght, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 2 years 6 months and 12 days.
"WARD— In , this city. May 16, 1901. Maud Eve-
lyn, beloved daughter of Harry B. and Maud
L. Ward, a native of - California, aged 5
months and 29 days. ' . .' ~ -
E7" Friends and acquaintances are resp«ct-
" fully invited • to attend • the funeral this day
' (Sunday), at ¦ 2 o'clock, from. tho residence of
her- Barents.' 455 -Vermont street between
. Seventeenth " and Eighteenth. ; : Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery. ______ _; v
W^HEELEE— In this clty,'*May~ IS, . 1801. "Mar-
garet C: wife of fth« late. John A. ."Wheeler.
. and sister ..ofrMrs:- -Mi E.i- Cobleigh' and Mrs.
DEATHS.
Continued From Page Thirty-four.
: , Bale'a. | Hale's. /'. Sale's. .-" . Bale's. I Hala's. :
Hammocks. ¦¦• : l$i>^^ ufn^fi** 1 **"
made as" it is possible, to :have '" ' . ' '.' /hI'I'/M || iMfflKM /. everywhere, but we'll let^no
them. Prices run like this: . .. ~ ~- JJ ' 'I- % \\\ l llllft \\\\\\ H\1\W i '| / W//////A\\Vul/ i//l> one else fix our standards. This lininz we're CoinR
AT «f.40-Flrmly woven cotton hammocks with pillow, spreader Ml \vl 1 H/Wl 11 5X \ f /L' Will IA wAWl W adapted for light weight lmmgS— comes in «ncy COl-
rT^~- -tlfSe 10^ pmow. "^WU^WK \ WMrWW^WW^ •¦' II !BSi Pf lS&g.i0c instead of 20c_ F ay. splen-
tufted -with chenille, set off with a deep fringed valance— J^^Mfi V^^i^S^s V v I/j«-/\ Jbl *?, Xn£-*/\ r*r °. . -L-irt lintno-s \Q inche3 Wide.
epreadcr Is steel. with an extra one at head and foot Viiance^ X ' - >-^A - «M \t(f—~ \2^r> .;;¦'-, did goods for facing and SKirt linings pintuwniuu
A Notable Offering of New Shirt Waists
Women's Underwear &«. Is This Week's Lead ing Attraction WmMM^&^M^
Ch^osin t K O^b°road"nd Wan f ted garmcnts is now at its best. This is the first time we've ever had ' so many pretty . , .Samples OT. Art UOOUS.
'.Wve.been years and yearsJn.the underwear school, waists SO cheap.i Makers keep their supply too well in hand ifJ^^^S^"!^ ''""'
-to let a thing likethis happen very often. % ., ' A channine collection! A complete line of samples from
all in one garment. And prices are no higher than if we But when one of them does make a miscalculation were one of the biggest and foremost' houses m tne business, in or
didn't -take this pains. - •¦ *. t W a-cc n a piece but that is in high fa vor-^-f or they represent tne la-
Ladle.' Oneita Union Suits-White cotton, summer weight. "^t there to help him out of his difficulty. test.. productions. They are goods you all want and are
silk finished across the front and around neck, pearl buttons. Hale S IS a biff, readv, handv Outlet for manufacturers. buying cheerfully at regular prices, but we 11 Rive tnem 10
covered^ seams, high neck, short sleeves and knee length; ° . ¦ J ' J . ¦ you now ' I
giS^S5feaS§^^^Si^^^^^^ There a^ no odd styles-no .old patterns-no skimpy At Close tO Half PpICCv.
Wnite SSSS! ?r r n?on 7 ?ults-swiss ribbed, summer weight, making-no cheap "tacky" trimming-not a waist you don't Sk
buttoned down the front, finished same as imported suits, ex-'; wailt— not Olie VOU wouldn't be triad' to oav full Orice for m 5 20c .y° u d Pay 50C tor irom regu ar
tra well made throughout, high neck and long sleeves: price, v * aut «ui uuc ;uu wuumn [ uc gldU 10 pay iuii puce iui. j - — — -
9Oc. . t»i ' » tt ¦¦¦¦'• Here's a splendvd chance to buy
Eevptian Cotton Vests and Pants— Swiss ribbed, summer . I fiPV Tf* 51 II AC np«r v - # « n * -. rv • - _ -_ _
weight, very elastic, sateen band front with pearl buttons, v V'»V IC all Ct^ I1CW Iricfl Pnf tl t Ani\ V? <\ I^SflriCC
covered seams, pants to match, ankle or knee length: price, J 'a i« « \i r '• ' « II JOll r^UIlll oUU t\ wlICl l^^ailVV
Lafe^™.gl^ Tteht^-Blb^d. lisle thread, ankle #110 StyllSh 3S WHIStS CHIl De. " CURTAINS (white Only.)
'it^is^iorT^e^f^ Fresh from the makers' hands. . . Under Th°ir Worth.
Bo vs' Shirts and Drawers— Natural balbriggan. summer . M ... , i_ - « « «• rr>< TTi*v «» a cn , r ;,i 1;-. n tirrTia«fd bv our New York man
SgfJk&SiSKl "Sf^.^^.-"- g to 34; price No prettier, ones have been produced this season. The J£? t £? iS^lSt^Sd lfrS» . 8£: toSSr t of
Children's Vpsts and Pantalets— Jersey ribbed, Egyptian wearing time for them has fairly bes^in. In the face of all this genuine Swiss curtains. There are 19 patterns in the lot,
cotton, medium weight, covered seams, sizes 3 Ib 10 years; , , , ,,'... • ° • ' , w ; t u t rrtrn o * rt n n ,: r . ft f - rUcipn All new most recent
price, 18c each or 3Gc a suit. - WC are able tO Sell them V .
Blea. Canton Flannel, i2^c. 'Way under reeular prrces. occasional sma11 dainty fi8rures to
Known everywhe-c as 15c grade There's a full range of patterns and colorings and styles They c sell p a ' th I" " n " sual p " c^d „ Da - j
860 yards to sell at a fifth off. It's -a splendid. • fleecy anf i s ; zes M ot a sinHe ' rirawhark tn rh P nffprino- Kke> 3>3 5U, $4.UU and 3>4.5U a r*air.
quality-conies 2Q -inch-w^c instead of x S c ' ana sizes IN ot _ a single drawback to the offering— like i t ' s buying high-class goods at the price you'd pay or-
Along with this flannel we'll sell choosing Irom regular stock and paying irregular prices. dinarily for cheaper qualities.
IOC Flannelettes for 8 1-3C. 45c White Lawn Waists. $1.25 Madras Waists. „ : ~ .
27 inches wide— a good, heavy, nappy stuff in cream and (With Insertion down front.) In fancy corded stripes— pleated Here VS a sit,** en, surprise M,
light blue grounds streaked with small stripes. Snappy, stylish garments, made from fronts-new style collars and cuffs— I «1 f*H 11*1 1PI*PC
6 fine sheer lawn trimmed down front French backs— colors light and dark • «J d I il 1 1 1 1CI wld. !
w _ _ _ . . ... with 2 wide rows of insertion— turn- blue and ox blood— 32 to 44. (See cut.) . < . . . . . . M .
WflfnciiHfl Mill Priroc down.coiiar. (See.cut.); - , , - „, . Good, bright, new pieces in the very height of their beauty
VV dlTl^Ullcl 4Z?IIcei^ Will ITICeS h 75c Percale Waists. $145 Fine Lawn Waists. , will go on sale to-morrow
Our sheet and pillow case news is always unusual. It's Made of extra eood . percale, toe— JJade with open work stripes In hem- Half Their Worth.
eagerly watched by a big audience of readers every day. stripes largely, with turndown' col- bH*w =t& SSft tu 't;.^ • '
These sheets are hemmed or hemstitched and in all sizes. '"rk "blue 5 and^Jfnk-sizel Tto^l kiml^wUh '^nover pofnts-Fre^ch Jhe crockery <^mS% _1 I
-50c and 65c HtETS 54xS0 -80c and 90c SHEET . 81x90 (See cut) Plnk-sizcs -4 to 44. ,, felled-colors store on the .third ||p^ \if^^\
-%tZdl 5 5 C c S S H /A T A 6 7 5 2%°0 iSXSiffi&imZZ, 93C MadrflS WfliStS - " S " C^ ?tr n lid S o U ; MS\ K W WM^\
-J0can d 8 5 cSHEETS-72 X 90 Sf andSUOSHEETS^fOS $,.75 Silk and Linen Waists. Prices like
XT:^1^^,1 Cof^i.r r>5«^r —~ Ar^^ corners, finished with felled seams— Broad stripes In blue, helio and ox these are too V>\; h1&m£&aM0PsM$$&k!imm \
INickel b^tety Hins,,3C-.ao2. %«™i^^\t%it^ x ? 0 *- : %^v^ ll^2ir
And O*h«*r Extra Values »n Notions. — : — ¦ o« c oanaiiucpcs 2*7$ S9r * 1
These are lively days at the notion counter. Good, reli- '. ¦ . Cima n««n0^ flAA/1 . for 39c. ,
able qualities at fair prices are sure to tell. v — . - " 1^1116 UTCSS vJOOUS. 8-inch ones with f ancy edges-assorted colors and tints.
The Safetv Pins at 3c- Corset ClasDS 5c Pair- • . _, , „,,,., „ 7 , ", •.- . ' 35c Jardinieres for 27c.
Are the well known "Tren- Black sateen covered, regu- Blacks. That s. the .test of a Store. How fast does that store grow , »,_«,„«« «r^n« *nA nlive^ 7-ineh *\t?
ton " heavily plated .with lar 10c stock-while, the 1 that can suit you in black dress goods? Hale's. It is watching you and In deep blues, browns, greens and oUve-7-incn size. ;
2 nI 2^ el a nd n t-i50B?oss4ho e i^ ¦ hSI'A" -i? *J5jli o~ o watching the maricct. knowing how and being able. to bring you to- y ¦ 6-inch Jard.n.eres, 15c. ; j
3c dozen: ,- npSfiS So?s n wit5" shi?id gether, that gives us such an inside advantage. Thatr is the theory— J Surfaced in raised effects in various colors and tints. )
Cabinet Hairpins 7c— The front, in pink, blue, orange, here are the facts: / . . ' ; '
SK'iisSSSo?^ S'^lSCa -Perbie Suitines 9 <>c. Cheviot 7 5 c. Men's White ShirtS, 3«5C.
heavy and . invisible wire the corset in place. ¦: 25c a An extra heavy, stylish goods, 50 ' Just the gooaa f or separate skirts *»*»»»*-^ ... -o • e ir . V \r i
hairpins and 150 metal pins. pair. inches wide, very popular now for a t the seashore or in the mountains. And they are good shirts, too. Kcinforced front and back —
black and white assorted-2 Garter Elastic 12V£c Yard separate skirts and full costumes. It has be2n spO nged and shrunk— c eams are all doubly sewn and there is every size from 14 to
c5Tpin S sc-550 cube. French Novelties, ffi s WS^I?Sffi^ ffWK V- Y^^^lJS^^^SV^S^t^^
cube-5ceach. Enelish^Metal Tins 5c- Swell summer stuffs of a soft cling- BlaCKhgBrel MOBairSUC. .. ro lor— shirts only, and in every size except 38. They have
H «rd!fft^ g^fc &&^i££5L' c 2z - teaS^^^i "« n se s S ° a t bU t *JL S i 2e i we have
1 fbuU° f|FfeI d ° Zen g^er.* 800^ alSle ' f °" /ffi^fnSc,^:;.^ 18 * ""' Ve "' " ¦ _^ . > "
/Oz^e^VVA^ ... » i-Veilt.. Ill VVclSn La CCb. ; It's v natural-you expect -it-bat in August, not in May-and \<H^V( \ *
/OX\Z) fa C f-F / Unusual enousrh- and broad enough to interest every woman. then only a few straggling pieces of some ugly pattern. Here \?\a'? y v5\ /V
(OS \ -\ \-\lil(i . We yebeen fortunate while everybody is' thirsting for laces. ie (\(\(\ Vjsrn*! of Rrio*nt hrf»ch <2tnf r t vAAA^W I \
[*,< \O \^W^' . WE HAVE- PLENTY—AND ALL. OF THEM LOW »5,UUU YaruS OI Drigni, rreSIT ClUin vfflffl^. A?
PRICED.' There's been a strike among the French lacemakers are 1 affected. .- . . ¦ ; t^ : \.UX<k\>^rv /
/Or^^v ¦ thats upset the entire lace world. This large shipment iust come w « believe in reducing prices when it II do you and us the XiWv v?~ T^\
C-'tf -r ¦ should have been here last January— wouldn't have gotten it now mdst good. A bargain is not a real bargain if it doesn't come • \\.w\?^1(M i f>^A
J^MmDHO: »f we hadn't been smarter than the rest and ordered first. ' • when you can appreciate it. ¦ -•'"', " ' \-AAK^-^«d>/M
/£/V&\ E$?*i " And prices are no different, than if conditions were natural— DreSS Linens 25C. , I5C Goods for iOc. \L'^T fs.
V-/yy-/ 7> though we could make a heap of money "out of the transaction if " Were 3~c. 2560 yards— a grouping of several \//VtM
¦ / , A*v v we were profit graspers. ¦; . .; ,. - ' ¦ ¦ l; ;. n^. , „, , . ' wMa ¦ odd lines: a few pieces of a I !.\/AM
L% 4 - The French Vals. Are in Seven Lots. "T/^^-^S&S' w O y n e der?ui^ffS^^^^ , X- M-Wl
M*Tr< ' ¦ -At ISO' a Dozens-French vai:.- -35c a Dozen-French val.' lace SatTerns ' with striped 15 . " ¦ , I [W\C\ \
l\\ {',''./ lace H incn wl< le and single . a-nd insertion % to lft inches . .» , ' j. r%. rOUlarCIS at I2<;C. . I V^'AXri
$lg$&$-t: 20c a Do^en-French val aV^ t> * u , ' Madras at 293. 30 inches wide: dark colo? a set / ' W\ }
/ C V^. , lic^ Vi in?h wide-white and 45c a Dozen-French val. lace Reduced From 40c. off with figures and dots: about I - V>^-1
/J <J Ai butter and I v!l . • Inlertlor l?i and^nsertlons 1 and 114 inches 32 In ™ he s wide-used a- great deal 1000 yards reduced now to I2%c g|^ I
/ O\ (~*. \ ¦ inch wide— 20c a dozen. ».„ • ' _. _ ' , . now- for shirt waists and men's Qwicc Q»nf'fe -»52r» ' - ~'-,M''- \
/, V \V) -^v' "\ \ 25c a Dozen-French val. lace COc a Dozen-French yal. lace shirts: 400 yards to sell now at 3W|S> =» *-> UFIS JOC. _ Ji \
AJ I '() \i V ' v and insertions to 1 inch wide and insertions ¦%. to 1^ inches 29c Instead of 40c. Reduced From 50c. Ol/ \
/^<?<Ad^ (V ¦ SOcVlfoS-Frerich val lace. 35c * Yard-Cotton lace' all- Madras Shirtings Sa^wo^en^otl^^fl^e^ ' lS>
C>: \f^ <J and ¦¦ beadins. % to, overs - fine and white - 18 vj 2 0C ' 400 yards; 3Sc^ now Instead of 50c! ' \)^J^r^~^^j *7'\*^
D \ O^P ( J A V) ' L The En-Ilsh Torchon I aces at 5c. 32 Inches wide. # stripes and Percales 5c. ( V^ '
>'^i«v O Z) ' f\ ' Th n *' t I I s at IOc YH morning at 20c. are stripes and figures. ~%^ _ 7 ///// // 1, t*
' 1000 yards of thim !n e"ru-3 to^ inches widc-also net top laces- These P rices are not f or , one day ' two days or thrce d^ s > but
V . , i • • price this sale, 10c. . , as long as the goods are here. •}'>>-•. •
I Friedman's fiirnitare ™J
1 Mahogany Library-Cabinet Bookcase $75. §
H A book-case to grace an artistic home — an article worthy of handing down S
S to posterity— there are hundreds of such articles here. Welcome just to look. B
y Curved Glass Sides, Golden Oak China Closet. I
| Of all designs curved glass sides show • M
|j china to best advantage. Polished, dark H
H golden wood makes a pretty setting. fcfjtfj* fee" "V ¦^yga'^y. ¦> ojr4 B
| Adjustable shelves— this one $13,50 fS 'Pwl?!!' W\ I
II Folding Card Table— 1.25 fl'l^JRiM % |
Bj Sets up Firm; Folds Compactly. On »!fa' n ~c^^-~'^ r ' 1^^ I ' ! '""' H
H camping trips divides honors with pro- ***& j Bsg t j M iaBB£k22SB 3^ H
jy vision box. At home, for cards and j ; M
£j games, tea uble, work table, children's ! ' fj
fj uble. 24 inch square oak top $1.25 — *• I «^ j n
re ¦ . . ¦' , •, ¦ k " t *us la
| Items In the Rug Department ' I
WHtOn Bright colors, pleasing patterns. Hall or f flA
I JUll/ fllBlUIl bedroom. Looks two dollars worth. 27x54 in. I •UU I
'1 Wool Snivrna Thick and Abi^ p^iom^. a « <>c i
»! UUUI OHiJI IIU rug to please; alike on both sides . 36x72^.1. JD |
- FlBctra Axminstcr hv strous piie - ° rientai and *> ir I
I Liw/ii u n/iiimioiw Western patterns 27x6? inches^J) |
I Hffft Wllfnn 9xi2(ctt. A room-full of rug-beauty. I*) A C? i
¦ t JU IV Ff 1 1 IUII AIike on both sides; good de £ r t hro j gh I i.45 I
n "The Credit House." Six Stories High. |
I rip (^ G^ l^^^^^rt:.... I