tho Turkish Embassy here, . which is the
center of the ' espionage maintained to
watch the numerous young j Turks and
other disaffected Ottoman . subjects arid
voluntary exiles who ¦ make . their \ head
quarters . in Paris and who ". will ' have j a
free hand if diplomatic relations between
France and Turkey are completely
broken off. . • • •
\ Munir Is in Switzerland.
It has been suggested, that -the French
Marquis Ito. Not Coming 1 Here.
; YOKOHAMA,' Aug. 23.— Marquis I to has
abandoned his proposed American tour. : ."¦
• ":;;tims of Disasters.
,. ..CLEVELAND, Aug.- 23.— Engineer Ben
zenburg of Milwaukee,'" who was' sum
moned ;. by ¦ Mayor v Tom ; Johnson to inspect
the .work • done • in"; the ' water 'tunnel, vis
ited the place: this" afternoon 'and'jaf'ter-
Proper Fresh Air Pipes i Might Hav e
' Saved; the Lives of Many ' Vic--
CRIMINAL CARELESSNESS
• . IN LAKE - EBIE TUNNEL
PORT,. OF SPAIN, Trinidad,; Aug.>23.—
According to advices from Caracas,-Vene
zuela, the' State of Carabobo," the former
"province of Guarlco,; a.nd^the i town'of *Ara-'
gua have, revolted aga.irisf Presldent'Cas
"tro..: General : juah Pietri « is the . head 'of
, the;, revolutionary movement, , which? in
cludes ' many, prominent '- members of the
Liberal; partyr- •. "-•¦ ;;; : ; : .¦• :" : : .: : :\
¦ ¦ 1 The 'German* cruiser, vVlneta.i which ar-"
"rlyed J here '; will > 'proceed -to
Colon, Colombia, on August 23. . , •
Headed by, General Pietri.
Latest * Revolutionary Movement Is
NEW REVOLT, AGAINST CASTRO.
ELOODHouNpsvoN ;tbail; ;
,'OJ; A'NEGEO MUSDEEEB
Excited Tennesseeans Probably
Lynch' Man Who Killed a 'i
'¦: '."•¦.'-' . : - Whit© Woman.- ' " ' .
; chattanooga; .Tenn:; Aug. 23.— Mrs:
.Charles • William's, wife . of a ¦prominent
farmer of Franklin. County, was shot'' and
killed tb'-day by Henry Noles, *a r negro,
who to criminally' assault her.
After, shooting ! Mrs. : .Williams "• the. negro
fired upon her little son, grazing his head.'
; Sheriff .- Stewart ; and " a posse - with : two
bloodhounds' are In ; pursuit' of . the ; negro:
It is thought; he will be jcaught- before
morning,; and It is possible' that he ; will,be
lynched,' as the excitement Is '.very;high.
' Carabobo, reported to have revolted, is
a maritime "site ; nearj- the .eastern ' arm of
the Andes. : Guarlco isa. part of the" State
of Miranda^ in the nortn central {p'art* : of
the'republic. Aragua'is a town'; 175 miles
southeast of Caracas and is the capital 'of
the State of Guzman Blanco. '- ' ¦: s,
Geneial Juan Pietri was arrested a few
days ; ago as a conspirator against ' Presi
dent Castro's - Government, . and was • set
free ; after he had been paraded ; In the
streets of Caracas. . General Pietri was
Minister ."of "War under ' President Crespo
during j the revolution of -1832. and subse
quently became Minister of Finance. The
liberation of General Pietri so soon after
his arrest astonished the residents in
Caracas.- '
observation station at Nantucket. shoals
Captain' Jamison gave the news to New
York, which otherwise would not 'have
been received untll'to-mbrrow morning;
Among the distinguished passengers "on
the .liner was United ' States Senator
Chauncey M. Depew.
a majority of the stockholders' Is below
.the real value of, the property and fran
chises. The petitioners ask that the de
fendants'be restrained from*- selling '/and
purchasing the Bethlehem Iron "Company.
BY MARCONI TELEGRAPH, NAN
TUCKET LIGHTSHIP. Aug. 23.— The
American liner St. Paul, bound from
Southampton, August 17, to New York,
came abeam of the Nantucket lightship at
2 o'clock this afternoon. Captain Jamison
signaled to the Herald operator In the ob
eervatory: "Report me 'AH well.' " \
The St. Paul's steaming time to the bar
In New York harbor Is about eleven and a
half hours. By reporting to the Herald's
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 23.— A check for
$4,000,000 is said to have been received to
day by the Glrard Trust Company to be
paid to stockholders of the Bethlehem
Steel Company on account of the control
ling Interest, in the company, on which
Charles II. Schwab holds an option. The
Girard Trust Company is acting as a de
pository for the stock. Officials of the
company decline to furnish any informa
tion concerning the reported receipt of
the $4,000,000.
At a recent meeting of the stockholders
of the Bethlehem Steel Company it was
agreed to sell to Schwab at the rate of $24
a share, and he was given an option until
August 26. The total amount of money
Involved in the sale Is said to be $17,000,
000. *'
The regular monthly meeting of the di
rectors of the company •will be held next
Tuesday and it is rumored that Vice Pres
ident Mcllvaine will be elected president
to succeed Charles P. Llnderinann. m
Injunction proceedings were Instituted
here to-day by stockholders, of the Beth
lehem Iron Company against the project
ed sale. The number of shares represent
ed Jn the suit Is 2022. The bill states that
the Bethlehem Iron Company was leased
to the Bethlehem Steel Company for. a
term of 999 years, and. that in the sale of
the properties the price agreed upon ¦ by
Big Check on Account of the
Purchase of Bethlehem
Steel Company.
Depew a Passenger on the
St Paul Reported Many
Hours Ahead.
TIME SHORTENED BY
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
FOUR MILLIONS FOR
THE STOCKHOLDERS
Captain Lemly, judge : advocate general
of the navy and; Judge advocate "'of ths
Schley court,- has - returned and * will at
once begin the work of compiling a list
of 'the witnesses;; to "be- summoned, before
the court of inquiry. It'ls expected'that
this' list will be ready '- for submission to
Admiral Schley early, next week. : Captain
Lemly will give practically.- his entire at
tention to^the' Schley case, from this time
on, leaving. the details # 6f the judge advo
cate general's office * to , those s who have
handled, them ' in i hls' : absence.
Acting Secretary Hackett stated. to-day,
that " he had not received the reply which
It is .said Admiral Schley •vylli submit" in
recard to the action of the department
declining to refer the original request
concerning the Howison interview to that
officer for a statement.
AdmiralvDoes Noi) Con
sider Howison Inci
l:.-; :¦/.: dent Glo3ed.
¦', " > • .
: WASHINGTON, Auff. 23.— At the Navy
Department the . matter of the j service of
Admiral Howison on the Schley court of
inquiry is considered a "closed incident, so
far as: the department is concerned, and
one which will be left ,to the considera
tion of the court itself. '
SCHLEY WILL
WRITE AGAIN
two state dinners, to t be. given: in Govern
'ment^House,^.St! Johns, on' the two even
ings "of" his" stay' in' Newfoundland. The
ehildren-of -Newfoundland-will- present to
Prince,Edward,« eldest .son of. the Duke, of
Cof nw'aljand. Ybrki a Newfoundland "dog.
, Next Week the., entire North Atlantic
squadron will be at Hampton Roads and
additional ( vessels can be hurried * to
Colon .if. the necessity, arises. .-. •: . .
Secretary/ Hay is keeping in close touch
with the situation ar/d is prepared to go
just as far as possible I to prevent | war.
When the , Machias reaches Colon and
the • Iowa and ' Ranger reach Panama he
'will : be In a ' position to act with more
vigor than is possible prior. to the arrival
of : these -vessels. ,•'... .¦ : . -
cablegram j from • Curacao or the motives
of -'President.. Castro. .^ • y '¦
No naval demonstration is yet •.contem
plated,', but the Sultan will J probably be
seriously, inconvenienced by the closure of
The Foreign Minister, ¦ M. Delcasse, if
he deems it necessary, will . withdraw the
French Embassy, from Constantinople and
Munlr Bey, the Turkish Embassador, ; who
is now in. Switzerland, will be notified not
to return to Paris, In' which* case Munir
Bey will probably withdraw the legation
to Berne, as he Is also accredited as Min
ister to Switzerland. - ..•>-l>:- .."
The correspondent. learns that M. Con
stans has been driven a free hand. • Any
step he finds proper to take. will be fully
indorsed. •
Cbnstans Given Free Hand.
CONSTANTINOPLE,,*. Aug.^.— The !
French Embassador, M. Coristans,
to-day, sent a> letter .to the Sultan
personally. Informing. hinrjthaUhe
would -leave Constantinople "with
the. entire staff ,' of , the ¦ embassy if .the
matters in dispute were not settled im
mediately. The letter is inthe nature of
iin ultimatum. It. accords the Sultan the
briefest delay' within; which" to 'comply
with the demands.' ] .. \ '
¦PARIS, Aug. 23.— While the officials of.
the French Fereign Office decline to con
firm* or deny the dispatch from 'Constanti
nople., announcing -'that- the French Em
bassador-has sent- the Sultan, a-, letter
which is in . the nature of, an -ultimatum,"
they admit having received a telegram
from'' M.^-'Constans which hasj been laid
before the Council! now sitting at the
Elysee. *•¦ Palace. .Only three , Ministers
were not. present. -The Premier, ;M. Wal
deck-Rousseau; the Minister : of Agricul
ture, M/ Dupuy, and the Minister of Pub
lic Works, M. Baudin, are absent from
r*ris. ¦¦'.¦-.. •¦'. • .'¦'-¦-. ¦ i -.' '
RCi'AL- COUPLE ON A TOUR OF,
-THE -WORLD -AND THE- VESSEL
CONVEYING THEM. '
~° Senor. ;^Puiidb, Charge
*d* Affairs,*- said' to-night .that he had reV
ceiv'ed' no ; confirmation of ;the report that
Venezuela had sent \ an | expedition by , sea
to -invade Colombial ,; He? said ; the- last
mails he ..received conveyed information,
'that with the , exception of some trouble
: oh; the f frontiers 1 everything in Venezuela,
was quiet. • He declined T to discuss the
Will -Strive to Prevent War.
That the Colombian Government regards
the situation .is serious is shown by the
fact that information has been . received
here, that a decree has been issued declar
ing that all . Colombians aiding, or •'co
operating-with; alien enemies of 'the Gov
ernment shall be executed as traitors.
. "The . Government has retaken steamers
plying ; on Magdelene River, the principal
highway, of commerce in Colombia, and
will ¦; convert them ! into gunboats. The
Government j took these vessels when' the
insurrection' was at its. height, but most
of '. them ¦'. were restored to ¦ • their owners
some. months ago,. ¦when peace had'prac
tically" been re-established. Now that' the
.insurrection has again ; been stirred ; up
by .Castro,, and .invasions are threatened
from • Venezuela; Nicaragua and • • Ecua
dor, the fleet 'of 'gunboats, on- the river
is' f to ibe*. again /established. "
; "If such a war would unite the people
of Venezuela It would also unite the peo
ple of Colombia: .The effect that it would
have is illustrated -by. the fact that the
State of Antioqua. our richest State, has
pledged itself to the Government 'to sup
ply 5000 men and $5,000,000 to repel any for
eign • invaslonr and the' money would be
furnished. Each of the other. States would
do as well ln'proportioii." ¦ '
When The Call correspondent calle'd the
attention of. Minister Silva and Secretary
Herran to the report that President-Cas
tro was planning to bring about war. be
tween Colombia ' and Venezuela so as to
solidify the Venezuelans and rally them to
his support in a foreign war, these gentle
men-refrained from comments upon the
probable motives of President Castro," but
Senor Herran remarked significantly:
Loyalty of the Colombians.
"The expedition is reported to have land
ed at Rio Hacha. -This is a port on the
peninsula to the west of the Gulf of Ven-.
ezuela. Venezuela claimed, half of this
peninsula In- the recent boundary dispute
between Venezuela and Colombia, but it
has all been awarded to Colombia. If the
expedition has landed' there they" can do
nothing but stew in their own juice. 1 " >•
... "If it is true,": said Minister Silva, "that
President- Castro is sending ' armed expe
ditions into Colombia on vessels. belonging
to the Venezuelan Government the situa
tion is more serious. iSuch action would
be virtually an act of war. I cannot be
lieve, however.^that there, will' be war be
tween ..the, two countries. . I f know ,that
neither the Government of Colombia' nor
the . people of ' Colombia want war, and ,1
know that the people of Venezuela do not
want war." - - •¦ • . ¦ > '¦. - • -,,
Referring to the cablegram from Cura
cao, Senor Herran Baid: n . - '
3 At'.the. Colombian Legation, the; cable
gram from Curacao was read with Intense
interest by Minister Silva and Senor.Sar
ran. These" gentlemen are'naturally some
what guarded in their comments on the
action of President Castro/ for . war has
not been declared between Colombia and
Venezuela, ¦: and ¦ the countries are
nominally; at - peace. .'
People Do Not "Wish War.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,. N.
W., WASHINGTON, Aug. 23.— There is no
longer any question in the. minds of offi
cials here as g to_ the intentions of Presi
dent Castro. Aware of the fact that dis
satisfaction with' his administration in
Venezuela is daily increasing, he hopes, to
prevent- Venezuelans from ejecting him
from the presidency by uniting them in a
war against Colombia. This explains his
action in issuing proclamations announc
ing that Colombia' has invaded Venezuela,
and in sending - Venezuelan troops on
board the Venezuelan gunboats to attack
Colombia by_ j way of the sea coast. This
latter action of President Castro is an act
of war against Colombia; President Cas
tro cannot make the excuse that this ex
pedition is composed of Colombian insurg
ents who have organized on -Veriezuelah
soil In spite of the vigilance of Venezue
lan officials. Aside from this fact there is
evidence that this expedition is composed
of -Venezuelan troops, and < the men .who
compose it were carried in Venezuelan
war vessels.' -This, puts President. Castro
in the position. of openly engaging in hos
tilities against Colombia. an'dVofflcials : ot
awaiting . news of ;• new/developments. • < - - .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
to Bring on Hostilities Against'
the Desire of the People of
Countries Involved. v
Scheming Chief Executive Is Striving
Openly Sends Troops to Fight
Against "the Republic of
Colombia.
President Castro of Vene
zuela Plays Deep
i Game.
tj)uke Will Be Present at Two Func
tions in Newfoundland.
TO ATTEND STATE DDTNERS.
ST. JOHNS, X. F., Aug. 23.— The Gov
ernment has received a. telegram from the
Duke of Cornwall and York, filed at Cape
Town, announcing that he will attend the
CAPE TOWN •* Aug. 23.— The royal
yacht Ophir. with the Duke and
Duchess of Cornwall and York on
board, sailed from, here to-day.
Later In the day it was officially
*Jinounced that the Ophir was not going
Ho the island of Ascension, as was at first
ctated, but would sail direct to St. Vin
cent. It was added that the yacht was
due to arrive at Halifax September 15 ana
sat Quebec September tL
The Canadian tour of the Duke and
X>uchess is timed to end October 2L when
the voyage toward England will begin.
Duke and Duchess of Cornwall and York Leave Cape Town,
Intending to Visit Halifax and Quebec Next Month and by the
End of October Complete Their Tour, Returning to England
ROYAL YACHT OPHIR WITH HEIR
APPARENT TO BRITISH CROWN
IS HEADING TOWARD CANADA
WAGES WAR
TO SAVE HIS
POSITION
FRENCH EMBASSADOR PRESENTS AN ULTIMATUM
TO THE SHIFTY RULER OF THE OTTOMAN EMPIRE
CONSTANS THREATENS TO LEAVE
CONSTANTINOPLE WITH HIS STAFF
UNLESS A SETTLEMENT IS MADE;
tative in Turkey-— Naval Demonstration Not Yet Decided Upon
Sultan Is Given the Briefest Delay in Which to and
France Fully Indorses the Firm Stand Taken by Its Represen-
CHIEF EXECUTIVE AND. PREMIER OF FRANCE AND THE RULER OF
RUSSIA, WHOSE COMING VISIT- TO THE REPUBLIC MAY HAVE
AN ' IMPORTANT • BEARING ON CONTROVERSY WITH TURKEY.
Government issue orders for the Boursa
to cease dealing in Turkish securities, but
It is not likely that this step will be
taken, as it would Injure the. French bond
holders. The entire . Turkish group fell
on the Bourse to-day, in some cases going
down 10 to 12 francs, '¦'¦_¦'*'¦
. According to a special dispatch received
here from Berne, Munlr Bey has already
leased a villa there for the use of .the
Turkish Embassy.
ward unofficially stated that his chief
criticism of the work as far as he had
been able to ascertain was that the fresh
air pipes had not been continued to the
face of the tunnel, but had been stopped
a few I feet beyond * the Iock3. Benzen
burg said this method would have kept
the men continually supplied with fresh
KItTJGER SAYS PBIVATEERTNQ
: REPORTS; ARE. MERE FABLES
Boers 'Determined to Continue Their
Straggle With the Ten Thou
sand Men in the Field.
v PARIS, Aug. 23.— The.Gaulois publishes
an" interview .with Mr. Kruger at Hllver
sum, • in the course of which he declares
the 'reports that he would have recourse
to privateering -to be mere "fables." He
said he ' was aware that' the Bo«rs could
only count upon 10,000 . men still la the
field, but that they were determined to
continue the struggle.
iloscow Siege Will Continue.
y, ST. PETERSBURG. Aug. 23.— The Gov,
eminent has decided to continue the stati
of siege in Moscow province for another
year. "Otherwise it would expire Septem.
ber 7.- This indicates that the political
situation* is still serious.
iHUMiin rtnlwwtiiiwi — ¦nrffll \
VOLUME XC-NO. 85.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, AUGUST^ 24, 1901.
The San Francisco Call.
PRICED FIVE CENTS.• Dennis Michaels, a striker, appeared be
fore Judge Conlan' yesterday on a charge
of petty . larceny. He was arrested by
Detective Ryan ¦ for stealing some brass
from the RIsdon : Iron Works, where he
was employed before the strike. He told
the Judge that he had been forced to quit
his job. by the union after working there
for fifteen years, and as he could not ob
tain employment and his wife and three
Hunger Forced Striker to Steal.
V, O. : C.' Colby,. who claims to be a special
police officer employed - by Curtln's . De
tective Agency,, was * arrested- yesterday
by the harbor police and charged at the
water front station • with : carrying a con
cealed weapon and. with -assault and bat
tery. ;• When' searched- at the station no
evidence could be ' found to show that he
was'as.he claimed.; He said that he was
recently -appointed, but had never, been
sworn In. . •• .¦-«.¦• ~- .. . -. - .
i< The man whom ' Colby clubbed ' Is James
Special and Striker Arrested.
The force at the Union Iron Works was
increased by the addition of ten men yes
terday. Contrary to the expectations of
the management, no men were [ lost by
reason of | the j urgings of j union | pickets.
The day .was. a quiet one about, the works
and little of interest transpired. ; : "
•Of the' five molders .who went to work
on Monday : and - failed ' - to ' ' show up on
Thursday not one . put In an appearance
at the works yesterday. The man , who
wasbeaten by. unknown men. while on his
way to work * on Thursday J morning ; is
nearly ; recovered and will report for duty
Monday morning. It is believed, that many
other • men will , be on hand at : the same
time.; >. , ;¦„>; ¦ . " v . ¦¦ . ¦ w ' •¦¦¦^^
The announcement that* the . machinists'
Increased.
Force at the Union Iron Works Is
STILL GAINING MEN.
Bennett & Goodall secured twenty-four
additional men yesterday and sent them
to Port Costa on a gasoline launch. Men
zles & Co. were able to get together six
teen new non-union hands, and they were
sent up to the upper bay on a launch to
join the force already at work there.
- Secretary Westoby of the City Front
Federation, at the meeting 1 of the execu
tive committee of the federation held yes
terday, "aroused a great deal of enthusi
asm by telling the members of the com
mittee that "fifty non-union stevedores
were won over to, the side of union
ism this morning at the warehouses in
Contra Costa County.'; They came down
on an early train -and are now scattered
throughout the city."
Fifty Hen I«eave Port Costa.
Police Officer Dennis Hogan, who was
acting as 'escort for a non-union man
driving one of McNab&- Smith's teams,
was severely injured yesterday afternoon
by being thrown from the wagon. He
was ¦ carried to the Harbor Hospital,
where It was found that his right ankle
had been severely, sprained and that his
right wrist was contused and lacerated.
When the accident occurred a number cr
union pickets ran to the officer's assist
ance and carried him to the hospital. . -\
The accident was due to the faulty load
ing of the wagon. Three . long ..< racing
shells were on 1 the truck., and I they kept
swinging from side to side. One of the
horses slipped and the boats swung
around with considerable force." Hogan
jumped- to save himself, • but ¦ his ankle
turned and he fell to the ground; He fell
in such a way that one : of .the wheels
passed over his right arm. It will be
some time before Hogan .will be able- to
return to duty. "_ .'-, .
Police Officer Hogan Injured.
r Many, of .the striking machinists are
working in interior towns and, not a few
are picking fruit In the northern counties.
Dozens have gone to the East." and are
A prominent manufacturer stated yes
terday .that the ' majority, of ; machinists
now .on. sfike were 1 anxious, to go to
work,' and that little encouragement- was
required to> prompt them to »• desert the
union and return. r . This -statement is
vehemently . denied -by the leaders of the
machinists, .who i declare : that • the : strike
Is stronger; to-day than at ? any. time
since • it was inaugurated: ;-' The employers
do not deny that the machinists are mak
ing a stiff fight, but they insist. that many
are; heartily: sick' of the strike' and that
they are becoming restive under: the tone
strain. -, :»...• ••;...-. »,<->¦- •>
CHICAGO, Aug. 23.— The Allls-Chalmers
Company to-day secured an injunction
from Judge Kpnlsaat In the United States
court restraining the striking iron'mold
ers and machinists . from picketing any of
the plants of the company and from-in
timidating I or showing . violence toward
any: of the non-union workmen . which
were filling their places. The Injunction
Is broad in its terms and affects by name
a large number of the strikers. Eight
lodges of machinists and molders and all
their officers are .expressly named, and In
addition forty-five members of the unions
are ordered to obey the injunction.
strike in Kansas City had been declared off
by the strikers without calning a single
point, has encouraged the iron manufac
turers here. The Kansas City strike be
gan on the Bame- day that the strike in
this city was inaugurated.
junction Against the Strikers.
Federal Judge in Chicago Grants In-
CANNOT PICKET PLANTS.
The settlement was effected by a con
ference between a committee from the
Building Trades Council, headed by P. H.
McCarthy, and representatives of tha
Sculptural Iron Workers' Association.
The agreement is to go into effect Mon
day, when the men will return to work.
The strike of Metal Workers* Union No.
19, involving 230 men, was settled yester
day. The, employers agree to give the
men a nine-hour day for ¦ work In the
shops and an eight-hour day for outside
work. The demand of the union was for
the shorter work-day and the employers
concede the demand in full.
Granted.
Demand for a Shorter "Work Day
METAIi WORKERS "WTN.
When the strikers arrived at the mill
they were provided with stones and other
weapons. The first object of attack was
a small Italian settlement near the 'mill.
The non-union girls in last night's riot
took. refuge in these houses and escaped
from the strikers' fury. There was a
clash -with the Italians this morning.
Later when the non-union . workers | ar
rived a volley of stones met them.
PITTSTON, Pa., Aug. 23.-A second riot
occurred at the Sterling Silk Mill thl3
morning more serious than a clash which
occurred last night "and a howling mob
surrounded the mill, threatening to enter
It by, force and drag the non-union girls
from the mill.
Works in Pennsylvania.
Serious Clash Occurs at the Sterlin§:
RIOT AT A SILK MILL.
OAKLAND, Aug. , 23.— Evidences of the
strike in Oakland are very few and far
between and are growing less every day.
The decision of the longshoremen to han
dle lumber after it had been deposited
upon the docks, even If it were unloaded
by non-union crews, has done much to
settle the question as far as Oakland Is
concerned. Lumber Is now being moved
very rapidly and there is no danger of
any tie-up in the building trades.
With this condition among the shipping
the tie-up at the wharves is practically
broken. The teamsters are beginning to
go back to work. The men formerly em
ployed by James P. Taylor,. the coal mer
chant, decided that if the longshoremen
are given the privilege of handling lumber
after it has been unloaded by non-union
help they should have the - privilege_ of
handling coal after it has been unloaded
bv non-union help. The result was that
the men formerly employed by Taylor ap
plied for reinstatement to-day. Taylor
refused to discharge the non-union men
who had helped him when he needed help
and he reinstated five of his old men.
The men who struck at C. R. Allen s coal
wharf yesterday applied to-day for rein
statement and will go back to work to
morrow.
of Longshoremen.
Strike Practically Broken by Action
OAKLAND TEAMSTEBS RETURN.
Lavin, a member of the Firemen's "Union,
who. is also under arrest, . charged -with
carrying a weapon. Lavin attempted to
make a short cut across the coal bunkers
of the Pacific Coast Coal Company at
Beale street yesterday, but was prevented
from going through ty Colby. "When he
attempted to continue his walk Colby
struck him with a club, knocking him
down. He arose and started' for Colby
with a knife in his hand and was knocked
down again. Sergeant Tobln witnessed
the fight and ran over and placed both
men under arrest. At the. police station
Lavin denied having tried to use a knife,
and when searched no weapon of any
kind was found on him. The knife, how
ever, had -been picked up by the police
sergeant, and when Lavin saw it he ad
mitted the ownership of the weapon,
which is a common pocket knife.
Both men were released on. ball. James
Curtln furnishing the cash for Colby and
John L/erman, attorney, for the Firemen's
Union, for Lavin.
now working in the mills in the larger
cities.
Conference Is TJrged.
A meeting of the executive committe*
of the Municipal Federation of Improve
ment Clubs was held at the office of H. V.
aiorehouse yesterday, at which there wera
present Messrs. Rothschild, Morehouse.
Bibo, Roberts and Lorenzo. The strike
situation was discussed and reports con
cerning the attitude of the Employers*
Association considered.
It was decided to brinjr all the pressure
possible to bear upon the association to
agree to a conference with the strikers at
an early date.
*Af ter Non-TJaion Cre-w.
Last night Captain Wlttman was notl
ned that a large crowd of strikers had
congregated at Fourth and Channel
streets, intending to attack the non
union crew of the schooner North Fork.
A squad of officers was sent to the scene
and after a short scrimmage they suc
ceeded In dispersing the crowd. Th»
North Fork will unload its cargo of lum
ber to-day under police guard.
: At John Rosenfeld's Sons' lt.was also
reported that there was an ample supply
of coal on hand and : that there "was- not
the slightest possibility of a coal famine."
.. "We are having no difficulty In securing
men to unload the vessels or to drive the
coal carts. In fact, on one vessel, the
Progreso, .'we have four gangs working,"
which .is as many as can • work at ¦ one
time on a boat. . We have fifteen teams
at work." -• .
"What little chance for a coal famine
there was at the inception of. the strike
has been entirely obviated. The quantity
of coal which Is'available at the present
time Is equal to the amount which is usu
ally on hand at this time of the year.
There is a slight scarcity in some lines of
coal. Especially is this true in regard to
the Wellington, which is brought down
from British Columbia. ' .
"When the strike was commenced busi
ness was certainly tied up very tight, but
every day since then the aspect has
brightened. Since then the following col
liers have arrived in port: Bristol,. Wel
lington. South Portland. ' Czarina. Pro
grtso, Milton, Titania. Asuncion, Mattea
wan, Australia and Arcadia and a num
ber of vessels which brought down sup
plies for the railroad companies. In all
these colliers brought down 40,000 tons of
coal, 7 a supply sufficient for all immediate
demands. : - • - : • ... •
"When the Brotherhood of Teamsters and
the City Front Federation first Went out
on strike a conservative estimate placed
the entire' available supply of coal at
30,000 tons. This supply, it was stated,
could not possibly last more j than ten
days. - At that time there were two col
liers in port with cargoes of coal and sev
eral were on their way hither from Brit
ish Columbia, but it was confidently as
serted by the strikers that no stevedores
would be Induced to unload the vessels,
and If they -were unloaded no teamsters
would be secured to cart the coal from
the wharves. ; •
Up to the present time no famine has
been felt, and according to the statement
of the merchants there Is no prospect of
one. In speaking of the situation yester
day afternoon James Smith of the J. C.
Wilson Company said:
According to summaries which were
made yesterday afternoon by several lead
ing wholesale coal dealers of the city, all
the danger of a coal famine that threat
ened when the present labor troubles com
menced has been averted.
Ample Supply.
Merchants Claim That There Is an
NO DANGER OF COAX FAMINE.
ducted all the active negotiations, has re
tired into the background, leaving to
Prince Ching the responsibility of con
summating the work. Earl Li finds him
self in the same precarious position that
he occupied at the close of the negotia
tions following the war with Japan. The
native press is unanimous In violently de
nouncing him for what is called his sur-
young: children -were starving he had
stolen the brass and sold it to get money
to buy food for them. He had never been
arrested before. The Judge convicted
him, but said as there were mitigating
circumstances he would Impose a light
¦sentence this morning.
render to the foreigners, and a number
of officials have petitioned the Emperor
to punish him for betraying his country.
American Commissioner Rockhill is
pleased with the appointment of Thad
deus S. Sharretts as the representative of
the United States to "watch the collection
of Chinese customs, from which the in
demnity to the powers will be paid.
LONDON, Aug. 24.— "Apparently
there is a move on foot on the
part of Great -Britain, Japan and
the Urited States," says a dis
patch to the Morning Post from
Chefu, dated yesterday, "to force Russia
to evacuate Niuchwang."
PEKING. Aug. 23.— The delay of the
PITTSB.URG. Aug. 23.-An interesting
rumor i reported from New York to-day
was that circular letters had been sent to
all the presidents of labor unions by the
Amalgamated Association, asking what
each would or could do to assist the steel
workers in their strike. One of the re
plies, it Is said, was received from P. M;
Arthur, head of the Brotherhood of Loco
motive Engineers.' It is alleged that In
this reply . President Arthur said his or
ganization held contracts with the vari
ous railroads, that they were also bound
to move the United States mail and that
the organization could make no distinction
between the United States Steel Corpora
tion and Individual shippers.
tion to Assist the Strikers.
Locomotive Engineers Not In Posi-
BOTJND TO MOVE MAILS.
PROMINENT MARYLAND MAN WHO HAS BEEN CHOSEN BY THE ADMINISTRATION AS UNCLE SAM'S REP
RESENTATIVE IN CHINA TO WATCH THE COLLECTION OF IMPERIAL CUSTOMS. FROM WHICH THE
BIG INDEMNITY TO THE POWERS WILL BE PAID.
It is believed another effort will be made
to induce the steel corporation to enter
another conference. The specific means
to bring this about would not be discussed
by any of to-day's conferees.
During the meeting the whole strike sit
uation was discussed. Shaffer said no ar
rangement had ¦ been made to submit a
new peace proposition to the corporation
or a further proposal for arbitration, add
ing, however, that he did not know what
individual action the conferees might take
in the future. No mention was made of
the miners or other trades taking sympa
thetic action.
• .Predict What May Occur. -,' ¦;;*•
! PITTSBURG, "Aug. 23.— When President
Shaffer was seen at-.his home to-night, he
said, with reference to the day's meeting,
that it was not a preconcerted one, but
"just happened." President Mitchell, he
said, had telegraphed him that he would
like to see him to-day on his way home
from the Eastern coal, fields, and soon
after his arrival the other gentlemen made
their appearance.
President Shaffer ; Says 5le Cannot
CONFEREES ARE SIXENT.
The committee from the Building Trades
Council gave its decision at the meeting
yesterday to that proposal," rejecting any
settlement that would involve agreement
upon a wage of less than $3 50 per day.
After a long discussion, and a considera
tion of minor phases of the strike, the
master painters finally agreed to concede
the demand of the union, and work will
be resumed on that basis, the employers to
reinstate their former employes as far as
possible. The two committees will be
made permanent, to arbitrate difficulties
in future.
The number of men who have been out
of employment as the result of, this strike
has been variously estimated' at from 500
to 800, the employers giving the latter
figure..-. In fact, some of the master.paint
ers nave said that nearly 1000 painters
have "been. idle since the strike began.
. Agreement- was reached yesterday af
ternoon at a conference of committees of
•five in the office of the Master Painters'
Association in the Parrott building. The
Building Trades Council, "which handled
the painters' strike"" from the beginning,
and the Master . Painters' Association,
were the two bodies represented at the
meeting. The employers had been mak
ing a stand for a compromise on a 'wage
of $3 25 for an eight-hour day, and sev
eral meetings had ; been held at which
that basis of settlement was debated pro
and con. v
painters will leave the ranks of
the army of strikers and return to • their
work. . ¦'.''•-" :¦' ¦
THE painters' strike is ended, the
employers having conceded the
rate of wages demanded by the
union, ..and this morning, the
Bellaire — The National. Steel Company'/! laie
plant will, it is said, be started early next
week by a full "force of men.
Wheeling— Everything tied up and no ap
parent indication of an attempt to start any
of the mills.
Lisbon— Fires started in ' tin plate plant.
Manager Evans says everything is in readiness
for a start soon with plenty of men. Strikers
voted to-day, to remain out and the mill i?
strongly picketed.
Irondale^-Mill running -with same force as
yesterday, making two turns and assurance
from the manager that more men will be added
to-morrow. .
"Wellsville — Situation unchanged; twelve mills
running.
McKeesport — Demmler plant idle and no at
tempt will be made to start it before next
week. 'Everything else closed down.
This city— Star mills: Two mills running,
strikers say five more men left the plant and
joined their ranks, but /management positively
denies the statement. Painter mills: Four
mills running: flres lighted in bar mill fur
naces, but failed tq . start as expected. Penn
sylvania Tube "Works: Mill Idle, machinists
say they -win quit to-night. All Carnegie mills
running . full. ,« .:.
The strikers, make the claim that little
actual work has been done by the com
bine in any of its plants slncfr the strike
began, and that what product lias been
turned out has been of an Inferior char
acter. Notwithstanding this, the steel of
ficials declare themselves well pleased
with the condition of affairs and say all
the mills started are working satisfac
torily and fuming out good products.
A summary of the steel- strike situation
to-night shows about the following con
dition:
There were' present at the r conference
besides the Amalgamated officials John
Mitchell, president of the United Mine
Workers of America; J. W. Jenks, mem
ber of the Industrial Commission; Grand
Master Sargent of -the Locomotive Fire
men; R.M. Easley, secretary of the Na
tional Civic Federation, and Henry M.
White, "general secretary of the 'United
Garment. Workers. The conference end
ed to-night about 9 o'clock- and the con
ferees left for their, homes. ; -. '. ¦¦•'-¦ :
: Just what this change is to be "was not
said, but it was inferred strongly that the
coming event hinged uppn. the conference
that was taking place. Two sessions .were
held by the conferees behind closed doors.
After the adjournment of the first session
none of the participants would- give out
any, information of the proceedings fur
ther than to say that the leaders had been
called together for ; the purpose of having
the situation .thoroughly., -explained to
them and to have some action taken look
ing to the aid of the strikers morally. and
financially by all of the organizations rep
resented.. V "¦ ¦ ¦>...- •:: «
"In another six days you*- .will" see. a de
cided In the strike: that will tell
with greater effect on the , trust ' and aid
in hurrying 'the ; final ' outcome of the
struggle."-, ;..,;.::.; •
PITTSBTJRG, ; Aug. .. 23.-^The conference
of the labor leaders at the offices of the
Amalgamated Association"! was' the flead
ing feature of the strike -during the day.
The officials of the organization ill
seemed pleased with- the way things were
moving, and one said somewhat mysteri
ously: - . • ¦ . .¦ .. : •• ¦•
ference but "Withhold
Secrets.;
Labor Leaders Have a Con-
Rumor Says That Six
Days Will Bring Its
Termination.
STEEL STRIKE
TO BE ENDED
WORKINGMEN TO PARADE STREETS
IN GREAT LABOR DEMONSTRATION
Painters' Strike Ended by Employers Granting the Advance, in Wages
as Demanded — Labor Council Addresses Open Letter to Presi
dent Wheeler Relative to Students Working as Stevedores
OFFICERS OF TRANSFER COMPANY
STAMP EXAMINER STORY AS FAKE
TO demonstrate that the draymen of San Francisco are liars when they say they are paying- $5 a day and
under for teamsters to take the place of the strikers the Examiner published affidavits yesterday of three
men who claim to be striking teamsters — Thomas Brennan. Michael Lally and William Andson. These men
assert in their affidavits that on August 19 they applied at a saloon at 105 Mason street and were engaged to
drive for Austin & Co. of the Overland Freight Transfer Company by a Mr. Wheaton. -Brennan asserts that he
was promised $10 per day and a bonus of $i, ora total of $n'per day, to drive a four-horse dray. Lally and And
son make affidavit that they were promised a total of $8 each per day to drive two-horse drays. -
The speciousness of these carefully worded affidavits is made apparent by the statements of affiants that
they did not report for work, and hence cannot know whether the man Wheaton acted with authority or not. ,
The affidavit of the officers of the Overland Freight Transfer Company,' in which it is declared that no such
offers were authorized by the company and that only unjop rates have been paid or offered to drivers, stamps the
Examiner story as utterly unreliable and partaking of the character of the "Let it rot" fake which was perpetrated
in the effort to discredit Frank J. Symmes and the Employers' Association.
The union rates paid by the company alluded to are $3 for the driver j)l a two-horse dray and $3 50 for the
driver of a four-horse dray. Following is the affidavit: •
State of California, -
City and County of San Francisco- — ss. ,
C- Ja. Tilden, C. W. Balrd, W. H. Fuller and Wallace Austin Tietnjsr each severally duly sworn, de
pose and say:
That snid C. L. Tilden is the president of the Overland Freight Transfer Company; that Bald C.
M*. Ilaird t« the vice president and maaaeer of that company;" that W. II. Fuller Is the secretary and nn
xlKtant manager: and that Wallace Austin In the superintendent of that company, and ' that all of the
above parties have occupied the aforesaid relations to that company since long: prior to the present
strike.
That no pemon other than nald C. J*. Ttlden, C. W. Balrd and TV. H. Fuller hnn hired or employed
any one to work for nald Overland Freight Transfer Company In any capacity since the strike com
menced; that said Wallace Austin has devoted his entire time and attention superintending the dolnsr
of the n-ork of that company, and that said Wallace Anstin has been too busy looklnsr after the work
In behalf of customers to give any time or attention to the employment of men, and that he has not,
since the strike commenced, employed a slncle man, nor has he authorized any one to employ any men
nt S1O a day or any price whatever, and that the fact is that he has never employed any men, or au
thorized any one else to employ any men, and that every man 'who has been employed, or who has been
offered employment by bin company, has been employed by said C. X.. Tilden or said C. W. Bnird or
said W. H. Fuller, and that neither one of said parties has ever employed any men or promised em
ployment to any men, or endeavored to employ any men at any price above the regular union wagres,
and that the Overland Frelsrht Transfer Company has never paid or agreed to pay any wagren to any
body in ezcess of the regnlar union wagres. . ¦ •
That none of these affiants ever authorized any one else to employ nny men at any price, and
any statement made by any one that he is or was the asrent of Austin «fc Co. or the Overland Freight
Transfer Company to employ any men Is a -willful and deliberate lie.
That ft is well known to all the members of the Brotherhood of Teamsters that the . Overland
Freight Transfer Company has always been ready and is willing to pay the full union wagres and that
the company has never had any difficulty or controversy with 'any of its employes over the question
of waeres or hours of labor. £ ¦ . ¦
C. Jj. TILDEX.
' . C. W. BAIRD. . :'.
» .«'-.•. W. H. FULLER. /vi
¦ WALLACE Al'STIN.
Snbscribed and sworn to before me this 23d day of August, 1901. ' - '
(Seal) GEORGE VF.HATTOX,
Xotary Public in and for the. City and County of San Francisco, State of California.
THE worklngmen of San Francisco
•who are now on strike will parade
at 1 o'clock to-day under the lead
ership of Michael Casey, president
of the City Front Federation, as
rrand marshal. It is expected that fully
10,000 men will be In line.
The purpose of the daylight parade Is to
show to the public the numerical strength
of the strikers. AH of the trades now on
strike will be represented with the excep
tion of the allied iron trades. None of
these will be seen in the line, as notifica
tion of the parade failed to reach the
Iron Trades (Council in time, so that the
machinists could not be properly notified.
Another probable reason Is that many of
the iron trades strikers are absent from
the city at the present time, and a suf
ficiently imposing show of that craft
would be impossible.
The line of march will be from Sailors'
Hall, at East and Mission streets, north
on East to Battery, along Battery to Mar-
Vet, along Market to Third, down Third to
Brannan, down Brannan to Pacific Mail
dock, thence to East and Mission. The
march will begin promptly at 1 o'clock in
the following order:
FIRST DIVISION.
Band.
Section 1— Sailors' Union and Marine Cooks
end Waiters. Right resting front of sailors'
headquarters.
Section S— Longshoremen's locals, Kos. 222.
224. 228. 220, and Hoisting Engineers. Right
resting on East and Howard streets.
Section 3— Steam and hot water fitters, ship
Joiners, pile drivers and bridge builders, coal
yard and trestlemen and coal cart teamsters.
Right resting on East street, between Howard
end Folsom. west of section two.
SECOND DIVISION.
Band.
Section 1— Firemen, resting on Folsom street,
between East and Steuart. Teamsters resting
on Steuart. west siae. between Folsom and
Harrison streets.
Section 2 — Porters, packers and warehouse
men, boxmakers and all unions locked out af
filiated with the San Francisco Labor Council.
Right resting on Harrison street, between
Fteuart and Spear.
COMPUXSOBY ARBITRATION.
Dr. John A. Miller Submits an Orig
inal Flan.
At a meeting of the Iroquois Club held
last night at Pythian Castle, Dr. John A.
Miller discussed the feasibility of having
all labor difficulties settled by compulsory
arbitration. He reviewed at length the
manner in which the arbitration laws
were operated In New Zealand and 'gave
many reasons why the same laws would
apply to the conditions existing here.
Dr. Miller submitted the following plan
for .compulsory arbitration as a possible
solution of the labor problem:
When fifty or more workmen combine them
selves into a labor union they shall be re
quired to Incorporate within twenty days
tinder a sr>ecial act which provides rules and
regulations.
When three or more employers combine for
their mutual protection or furtherance of their
respective trades or occupations they shall be
required to incorporate under the same act;
a less number shall be jointly or individually
dealt with as a corporation under the same
law.
Disputes between the above corporations
shall be adjusted, provided that written no
tice of their demands Fhall be given by any
person or persons at least ten days before
t&kir.tr eteps in furtherance thereof.
Within ten days of the notice of their de
mand a committee of two, appointed by each.
Khali attempt to arbitrate the dispute; if this
committee cannot agree, the committee Is to
appoint by mutual consent a third person, and
if then no agreement can be reached the mat
ter must be referred for compulsory arbitra
tion to a commission created for this purpose.
The compulsory arbitration committee must
not be a permanent body, but a temporary
creation for the purpose of arbitrating the
particular dispute in question.
The commissioners Fhall be appointed in the
following manner: The labor union shall
nominate one person and the employer, em
ployers or employers" corporation, as the case
may.be. another person, and these two shall
nominate a third, and if the two first nominees
fail to 'agree, the nomination shall be incum
bent upon a Superior Judge.
These three nominations shall be confirmed
by the Superior Court and by such confirmation
thai! constitute the commissioners of .said
court. They shall -Investigate the' merit* of
the controversy, after which a majority or all
«hr** ehall make their report to the court and
their decision shall be final and constitute the
Judgment.
With the flllne of their report the life of
the commlffion efcall expire.
Tber* shall be fines and' penalties for the
disobedience cf the judgment, and either one
r>r both parties to the controversy rha.ll stand
in contempt and be punished according to the
pro\iEions of this act.
THE executive committee of the
San Francisco Labor Council is-
Bued yesterday afternoon the fol
lowing: open letter:
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler. University
of California. Berkeley, Cal.— Dear Sir: You
are aware, no doubt, of the struggle now go
ing on between labor and capital on this
coast. You mu3t feel, as we do, that on the
issue depends the fate of the American work
ingman—whether he is to be an Intelligent
human. being, a 'free man Jin a, free land or a
mere animal to be driven and controlled like
a beast of burden. The plain and . common
rights of roan are at stake. Should capital
triumph Just now there can be no more free
Institutions, since there Is no longer Individ
ual liberty, and social evolution will give
place to unmistakable reversion.
A university stands for progress. It stands
for the development of the human mind, for
the upbuilding of the race, for intellectual ex
pansion along the broadest lines. Whenever
it ceases to stand for that it ceases to be a
university. It respects not persons. In its
lecture halls all are equal — rich and poor, high
and low. It looks to mind, not to nana or
dollars. Its aim is to build up not to pull
down or disintegrate. It is the great and
ideal democratic Institution where Is the
throne of the people and where brain makes
Its realm and reigns. Consequently It Bhould
be always Just, always a power making for
righteousness in the community. It cannot
consistently favor one class at the expense of
another. Especially It cannot favor the rich
at the expense of the poor and expect to be
called a university.
All this is ¦ particularly true of a university
which has been created by the will of the
people find built and supported by their
moneys. Such a school is essentially the peo
ple's school and all the people have a right
to expect fair treatment from it. It would
be a bad day for our State University when
it took part in a struggle in which two
classes of its supporters were engaged. It
would fall in its noble mission the day on
which it antagonized any considerable num
ber of those by whose will It exists. Other
schools built by private money may perhaps
afford to take the side of the rich man and
the corporations. Such a thing has, we trunk,
happened within our memories. You can
judge if the gain has been on the side of the
university. But no matter what the rulers
of a private school- may see fit to do. a State
Institution cannot afford to take sides. The
people are its masters and it must be con
ducted in whatever way the people demand
it shall be conducted.
You must have seen in the daily papers
that come students of the State University
gave up their books and hired themselves to
men who have sworn to trample on the lib
erty of the worklnsrinen of California. We
wish to call your attention to the matter and
to ask you If the State University -approves
of this p.ciion of its students? Remember that
the worklngman pays his taxes in equal pro
portion with the capitalist. Indeed, it is gen
erally supposed that the workingman pays a
higher proportion. The workingman then is
paying for the education of those men and
the return he gets Is that they Join his en
emies in a determined effort to enslave him.
Are those men a type of the Berkeley student?
We are taxpayers and are within our Just
rights when we ! ask you what you think
about the matter. We know what we think
about it. and we are decidedly of opinion that
such acts on the part of Berkeley students
will not be tolerated by the people of this
State and that the people will not be eager
to support an institution which wii.hout pro
test allows its members to Join in an - unholy
effort to crush the spirit of the people.
Do you think the action of those students
will tend to improve the position of the uni
versity In the ¦ eyes of the people of Califor
nia? Something big, something broad and
liberal is expected of such a school as that of
which you are the head. You are supposed
to give a liberal education. Is it one of the
marks of a liberal education that those who
receive it gratuitously should do what even
uneducated men consider vile and Infamous?
Labor is honorable, but not all labor. There
are conditions which make it dishonorable
and your students have placed these condi
tions.
A liberal education makes those who are
capable of receiving it gentlemen. Of course
there are exceptions. You can't make a silk
purse out of a sow's ear. To your mind are
those who took the places of honest working
men In Oakland gentlemen? Are they the
kind of persons for whose education the peo
ple ought to pay taxes? Have they not shown
a> decided vocation for positions to fill which
a university education is by no means neces
sary? We can hardly think that our Slate
University will stand for such men or that
you. Its respected head, will be altogether
proud of this product of your school. The
State has been generous with the university.
It has • riven freely and is prepared to give
more. It Is proud of the school. But If this
great State school turns out only poor scholars
of the amateur stevedore type then • we fear
the people will begin to consider whether after
all it is worth while supporting such a school.
We respectfully, bring the matter to your
notice and ark you if the State University ex
ists altogether for the benefit of the rich?
Public opinion is strong, and we can assure
you that the people are not at all disposed
to pay for the establishment in the State
l/nlverslty of a department for the education
of well.- say stevedores. Yours truly.
By order of the executive committee of the
. San Francisco Labor Council.
¦ : ED. ROSENBERG^ ££g*'
August 23. 1901.
Earl Fruit Company, said in conversation
with a reoorter to-day that the Eastern
market and the canneries were taking
nearly, all the fruit. He said good prices
were being realized, instancing the sale at
Montreal yesterday of Bartlett pears at
$3 45 per box. .
Fruit Men Not Suffering Loss.
SACRAMENTO, Aup. 23.— The strike In
San Francisco is declared by fruit I men
to be productive of. little or no harm to
the fruit interests in this section, although
under other conditions than the present it
might result in great damage to the . in
dustry. The canneries are taking great
quantities of fruit, and with the lively
state of the Eastern market the orchard
ists are suffering no loss because of the
falling off in the commission business with
Ban Francisco.
G*orge B. Katzenstein, manager of the
THREE POWERS MAY NOW COMPEL
RUSSIA TO EVACUATE NIUCHWANG
Such Movement Reported on Foot on the Part of the United States,
- Great Britain and Japan— Delay of Chinese Envoys\in Signing
. the Protocol at Peking Is Causing Uneasiness at Chinese Capital
THE SAN FRA.NC1SCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 24, 1901.
Chinese plenipotentiaries In signing the
protocol Is causing: some uneasiness In the
foreign community here, although the
Ministers of the powers do not think tha
Chinese intend to defy the powers by ulti
mately refusing to sign. They believe
China is anxious to wind up the nego
tiations speedily.
Decrees recitlr.g the punishments and
suspending the constitutions will be issued
before the Chinese signatures are affixed.
Prince Ching, at the request of the
Dowager Empress, telegraphed ,to her
verbatim the restrictions as to the Impor
tation of arms.
Li Hung Chang, having practically con-
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Salt Rheum
You may call It eczema, tetter or milk
crust.
But no matter what you call it, this skua
disease which comes In patches that burn.
Itch, discharge a watery matter, dry and
scale, owes its existence to the presence of
humors in the system.
It will continue to exist, annoy, and per-
haps agonize, as long as these humors
remain.
It Is always radically and permanently
cured by . -
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Which expels all humors, aad is positively
Unequalled for aV cutaneous emotions.
bR.MEYEflSStCO. -J^&&, '
Specialist. Disease J&klSzf ""^^^^
and weakness of ¦ ?
m e n. Established &£& ' _' •, r w ¦
1SS1. Consultation fry? £?^f'fl* '
and private book >^V«L - J* cf • • \- ;
free, at ofBcd or by jVi'm^
mall. Cures guar- l^>'' v -^^^3^
antced. 7S1 Mar- fv^^W?^
tor entrance),- San
Francisco. ¦• , *^v"^Bg""^|*5^^ f "SALINAS, Aug. 23.— Mrs. M. I. WyckofTs
suit against the Pajaro Valley Consoli
dated Railroad for $50,000 for the death of
her husband, C. N. Wyckoff , an engineer
employed by that company, was on trial
to-day. Wyckoff was killed at t Gaff eys
Station on January 22, 1900. In the suit
contributary negligence is alleged. The
case will continue to-morrow.
Sues for Heavy Damages.
ANTIOCH, Aug. 23.— Antloch will be a
distributing, depot for' Kern County oil.
George H.'. Larkin, who Is doing outside
work for the Producers' Oil Storage and
Transportation Company, has procured a
site for the company just east of the Antl
och Lumber Company's wharf. A wharf
30x70 fee£ in dimensions will be built here
and on It will be placed tanks with a ca
pacity of 8000 barrels each.
The oil will be hauled from Kern County
In oil cars over the Santa Fe road. The
cars will be run upon a sidetrack just
back of the wharf site. Oil will be pumped
through a pipe from the cars to the stor
age tanks on the wharf. Fuel oil will be
supplied from these tanks to all consum
ers along the San Joaquin and Sacra
mento rivers.
chases Site for a Wharf and
Tanks.
Producers' Company Agent Pur-
ANTIOCH TO BE AN OIL ,
\. ¦ DISTRIBUTING CENTEE
SELECTS LOS ANGELES
FOB ITS NEXT MEETING
Southern Metropolis the Unanimous
Choice of the African Meth-
odist Conference.
STOCKTON. Aug. 23.— The next annual
session of the California African Metho
dist Conference will be held, in Los An
geles. That was the unanimous decision
at to-day's session. y
A praise service, led by the Rev. J. L.
Witten of Sacramento, preceded the open
ing of the session to-day, 'which was
called to order by Bishop Shaffer. The re
quest of the Rev. Kobert Arrington for lo
cation was not granted as he could net
be spared from the it.iierant work. No
deaths ¦ or withdrawals from the confer
ence during the year were reported. The
Rev. C. C. -rlalford was transferred from
the Puget Sound to the California con
ference.
The committee on endowment day re
ported a total of $2S 83 collected. The re
port of'Presiding Elder Colman was read
and approved.
Takes Too Much Morphine.
FRESNO. Aug. 23,-rM. A. Blade died in
Jamestown. Tuolumne County, last night
from the effect3 of an overdose of mor
phine, which had been taken to relieve
nervousness and insomnia. Blade was
well known in Fresno, having been a past
grand master of Fresno Lodge, Ancient
Order of United Workmen.
Kills His Wife and Her Parents.
COLUMBIA. S. C. Aug. 23.— Sam Far
row, a negro, shot and killed his wife,
his father-in-law and mother-in-law near
Dawklns to-day.
Third Officer Gage says the Lane will
undoubtedly be a total wreck. She Is
piled up on the rocks a mile and a half
from Cape Mohican, at the extreme west
erly end of Nunivak Island, in as bad a
place as could be found on the entire isl
and. She is settling on the rocks an<T-it
is a question of only a short time before
she goes to pieces. Captain Ames keenly
feels his misfortune in the loss of ,tJie
vessel. When the accident occurred, at
11:25 o'clock on the night of July 13. there
was a dense fog and the steamer*" ivai
running at half-speed. The rocks would
have been cleared on a course less tl>an
600 feet further westward, but in that
vicinity the currents are strong and de
ceptive and reckonings are lost in a fog.
It seems that the steamer Discovery
was to have been sent out from Nome to
the Lane as soon as the news of the
wreck was received, but the Discovery
met a slight accident and proceeded to
Dutch Harbor instead.
SEATTLE, Aug. 23.— Third Officer B. F.
Gage of the wrecked steamship Charles
D. Lane arrived at St. Michael on Au
gust 1 with a boat's crew of four men.
after a nine days* trip in an open boat.
During that time they experienced grea:
hardships and were threatened with star
vation as well as death by drowning.
"When the passengers on the Lane had
been transferred to the schooner Vega
and sent back to Nome It was expect:e-l
that relief would come within a few days.
Consequently Captain Ames allowed the
greater portion of the provisions that
were saved to be taken by the schooner
and kept the entire crew of fifty-two men
at the scene of the wreck with a limit :d
supply of food. The wreck occurred on
July 13, and when ten days had passed
and relief had not arrived Third Officer
Gage and four seamen started for St.
Michael In one of th« ship's boats, with
a message from Captain Ames, addressed
to the revenue cutter service or the Dep
uty Collector of Customs In St. Michael.
Unfavorable weather conditions caused, so
much delay that they did not reach St.
Michael until August L Meantime most
of the food they had brought with them
became spoiled and they arrived almost
famishing with hunger^ and thirst, tho
water that they brought also being bad.
Captain Ames stated in hl3 message,
dated July 23, that food was then run
ning low and they must have immedlata
relief. The revenue cutter Nunivak waa
at St. Michael, but she is purely a river
craft, not fitted for deep* water serv1"e.
and Lieutenant J. C. CantwelL In com
mand, could offer no relief. Deputy Col
lector J. B. Causten sent the men to Nome
on the steamer Dora and the agents of
the wrecked steamer are expected to send
relief from that point immediately.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Aug. 23.— The
steamer Hating arrived In port to-day,
bringing the bodies of five victims of the
Islander disaster. In all nineteen bodies
have been recovered, and it is authentic
ally stated that the total number of lives
lost was forty. The bodies brought here
to-day were those of Mrs. Ross, wife of
Governor 'Ross of the "Sukon Territory,
and her Infant child; Mrs. Ross of San
Francisco. Dr. Joseph A. Duncan of Vic
toria and Captain H. R.' lvoote, master of
the Islander. The official list of the
passengers and crew drowned is as fol
lows:
\ First Class.
EMMILS.
J. XV. BELL..
MISS KATE BARNES.
A. W. GERY.
M. J. BRAELIN.
MRS. ROSS, maid and child.
ARTHUR KEATING.
F. R. DOUGLAS. - '
MRS. J. C. HENDERSON.
MRS. DR. PHILLIPS and child.
DR. J. DUNCAN.
MRS. MINNIE ROSS.
MRS. NICHOLSON.
MR. KEATING.
J. KEATING. *
y. REKATB.
N - Second Class.
H. T. ROGERS.
N. CASPER.
WILLIAM MEADOWS.
H. R. FOOTE, master.
H. FOWLER, second steward. .
MILES JOACH. waiter.
GEORGE BUCKHOLDER. oiler. :V7 -
H. PORTER, coalpasser.
NORMAN LAW. waiter.
S. J. PITTS. cooJt.
Two Chinese mess boys and helper.
GEORGE ALLAN, third engineer.
A. KENDALL, night saloon watchman.
JAMES HATCH, fireman. *
JAMES BAIRD. assistant pantryman.
GEORGE MILES, barber.
Two coalpassers, names unknown.
Advices from Skaguay of the latest date
state that after some of the bodies were
washed ashore ghoulish acts were com
mitted by Indians. At that time" the coast
was not in control of patrolmen and the
bodies cast ashore were temporarily un
protected. As soon as it was discovered
in Juneau that the work of robbing 1 the
corpses was in pi-ogress the United States
Marshal dispatched a number of deputies
to the scene, and at the da,te of the sail
ing of the Hating it was understood that
several of the ghouls had been appre
hended. . • j
Of the bodies recovered nine were burled
in Juneau. It is understood that a ma
jority of the interred remains were those
'of members of the crew.'
It is believed that some bodies yet re
main within the wreck. As yet the task
of raising the vessel'has not been consid
ered, buf soundings will soon be made to
ascertain accurately the depth at which
the Islander lies. Should this prove to
be under thirty-five fathoms it Is very
likely that an attempt will be made to
raise the wrecked vessel.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Stops Robbing . of Bodies
/ by Indians.
Force of Deputy Marshals
Five Seamen Who Convey
Hi3 Message Barely Es
cape Starvation.
Charles D. Lane's Cap
tain Sends Plea for
Aid to Nome.
Steamer Hating Brings
Official List of
Victims.
WRECKED CREW
FACES FAMINE
ISLANDER'S DEAD
NUMBER FORTY
3
Flagler to Be Wedded To-Day.
CHARLOTTE, N. C, Aug. 23.-Henry
M. Flagler. the Florida millionaire. Is to
be married to-morrow to Mies Mary L.
Kenan. The ceremony Is to be performed
at Kenansville, Dublin County. A special
train will carry Flagler and his party
from Wilmington to Magnolia early to
morrow morning, where carriages will be
taken for Kenansville. The ceremony
will be witnessed by a very small party
The resolutions adopted indorse theOma
na national platform, denounce trusts and
political rings, demand the cessation of
grants of public franchises to private con
cerns, extend sympathy to the Boers, in
dorse direct legislation and declare for
equal taxation.
DES MOINES. Iowa, Aug. 23.— The
"middle-of-the-road" Populists of Iowa
assembled In State convention here to
day. The attendance was smalL The fol
lowing ticket was nominated: Governor,
L. H. Weller of Nashua: Lieutenant Gov
ernor, Perry Engle of Newton; Supreme
Judge. J. R. McDonald of Des Moines:
Railway Commlspioner. Luke McDowell of
Shelby County; Superintendent of Public
Instruction, J. C. Harland of Woodbury.
All the nominations were made by accla
mation.
Express Sympathy for the
Fighting Boers.
Eesolutions Denounce the Trusts and
POPULISTS IN IOWA
NOMINATE A TICKET
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes Are Made in the Postoffice
Department and Pensions
.~ „. Are Issued.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 23.— The Postoffics
Department to-day announced the follow
ing: Postmasters commissioned: Cali
fornia—Melvin S. Rowell, Isabella. Ap
pointed: California — J. Zeller. Bouldin
Island. San Joaquin County, vice J. F.
English, deceased.
Oregon— C. O. Pearson, Dothan. Douglas
County, vice C. Fry. removed: L. B. El
der. Kellogg. Douglas County, vice E.
Adams, resigned.
Washington— C. H. Chandler, Phoenix,
Spokane County, vice W. J. Keslnger, re
signed.
The following pensions have been grant
ed: California — Original — Benjamin F.
Hill. Red Bluff. $6: Wlllard W. Savercool,
Butte Valley, 5S; Thomas Conran. Visalla,
$6; Henry Christman, Sacramento, $6. Iu
ereape — Christopher Specht. San Fran
cisco. $12; Alfred J. Hugrhes. San Miguel.
SS. Original widows — Mary Fourcade. San
Luis Obispo, 5S; Lucy Bunting, Santa
Cruz. 58.
Oregon— Original— William W. Foster,
Paulina, $8. Increase — William Piper,
Santlam. 510; David J. Qulmby, Newberg,
$10; Hiram H. Biankenship, Oregon
City, 18.
Washington— Original— William D. Kill
more, EUensburg. JS; Peter Galligan, Se
attle. $8.
The Congress Construction Company of
Chicago has been awarded a contract for
the construction of an addition to the pub
lic building at Los Angreles. The cost is
S161.10S. and the work is to' be completed
in twenty-two months.
Among the Pavilion displays will be one
to be made by the Santa Fe Railroad
Company. In conjunction with the
Oceanic Steamship Company, to consist of
views of scenery along their routes and
models of steamships. In addition to these
models will be shown of the battleship
Peru and the cruiser Charleston.
Four of the large local wholesale gro
cery concerns will install an interesting
exhibition, with the co-operation of the
Grocers' Union.
Early In the month some dissatisfaction
was expressed because of the apparent
disinclination of local merchants to enter
heartily Into the work of preparation for
the State Fair. Because of this seeming
apathy the State Fair Club, organized for
the purpose of providing special features,
voted to disband. However, there has
been an awakening of dormant interests
end plenty of encouragement is coming
in. Many merchants who had not signi
fied their Intention to take space an
nounce creditable exhibits, and altogether
a fine exposition is assured.
Secretary Jackson declares that the ap
proaching fair will witness the finest
epeed showing and cattle display orf recent
years. He Eays that he has received every
possible encouragement from the Califor
nia Jockey Club. %
A. W. Foster, president of the Califor
nia, and Northwestern Railway, has an
nounced his Intention to make a fine dis
play of Hungarian ponies and draught
horses.
One of the most Interesting results of
Secretary Jackson's visit to San Fran
cisco Is the promise of Ho Yow, the Im
perial Chinese Consul General, to send an
extensive art and industrial exhibit illus
trative of the skill of the Chinese crafts
men. There will be many examples of
diver. Ivory and wood carving. Chinese
women w&l be seen at work on art em=
broidery. Ho Yow has lent his assistance
likewise toward the success of the track
featuree. He will have here his horses
Solo and China Maid.
canvass of the mercantile community In
the interest of the State Fair. He reports
having met much encouragement, consid
ering the disadvantages suffered by the
merchants of the metropolis because of
th« strike. The secretary has obtained the
pledges of twenty-five or thirty merchants
in various lines that they will take space.
An extensive automobile exhibit by two
companies will be one of the features. A
large • display of oil well machinery will
be made.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 23.— The State
Fair, which will open In this city In ten
flaye, will present points of attraction dis
tinctly uniaue, and Secretary George W?
Jackson is confident of the entire success
of the first exposition to be given under
his immediate direction- Mr. Jackson re
turned to-day from San Francisco, where
for a week past he has been making a
Epedal Dispatch to The Call.
Consul General Ho Yow Plan
ning a Chinese Industrial
Feature.
San Francisco Business
Men to Make Big
Display.
FINE EXHIBITS
FOR STATE FAIR
MURPHYS, Aug. 23.-E. W. Brown fell
100 feet in „ the Sheep Ranch mine on
Wednesday morning and died at 11/ o'clock
that night. He was 24 years old and had
worked at the mine a week. Brown served
as a soldier in the Philippines. His mother
resides In Walnut Creek. . .; . \ ¦.
Miner Falls to : His Death.
. REDDING, Aug. 23.— E. P. Sherk, Frank
Large and Andrew Fletcher have filed an
application In the United States land of
fice ihere -for; a patent to the 'Bonanza
quartz claim," on the land of which forty
houses and: nearly, all the business por
tion-of Harrison Gulch .Is located. The
claim of the three applicants has already
created s considerable trouble and a bitter
contests- will ensue. Sherk/ Large ' and
Fletcher allege that they, ;. located the
Bonanza in 1896 and have done $900 wortn
of work on it. . - •
Claim Mine and Townsite.
¦ Mr. Baker said enough in Minneapolis to
indicate that he would visit both Puget
Sound and San Francisco. Like J. J. Hill
he believes In large steamers, that can
carry freight at a small cost per ton. "
If is surmised here that Baker repre
sents J. P. Morgan & Co., who^purchased
In May the Northern Pacific^ line of
steamers between Tacoma and Oriental
ports, which has been transferred to the
Northern Pacific Railway within thirty
days. Morgan is Interested in the Atlan
tic Transport Company. ; and has laid
plans whereby community of interest
methods are to govern both the Atlantic
Transport Company and the Leyland line.
Traffic men here have understood for some
time that greater attention is to be given
to the development of Oriental; business
from Puget Sound following the bringing
Into harmonious relations of the North
ern Pacific, the Great Northern and the
Burlington railways. ¦ , •
TACOMA, Aug. 23.— B. G. Baker, presi
dent of the American Transport Com
pany, the largest American steamer line
now In operation, is on his way to the Pa
cific Coast to investigate steamship condi
tions, according to telegrams received to
day • from Minneapolis, where Baker has
been for the last week.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Interest in Coast
Shipping. "
Financier to Take Active
MORGAN SENDS
OUT AN AGENT
KESWICK, Aug. 23.— The Keswick
Crude Oil Company has struck a strong
seepage of oil at a depth of 450 feet in Its
well In the. sand flats near Keswick. While
the . oil Is not present ¦ in great quantity.
It la believed a good flow will be found at
a greater flepth.
Oil Strike in Shasta. County.
This is ¦ the <recent decision of one of ths
prominent societies' of : the world, but ' the ex
act day ,! has . not ' yet _ been '. fixed upon, 1 "' and
while there are very ; few people who bellevt
this : prediction, there ? are thousands of others
who not: only, believe,, but know that Hostel
ter's Stomach: Bitters Is the best medicine to
cure . dyspepsia,' Indigestion. . constipation, ,bil
iousness or. liver and kidney trouble. --.A.'- fair
trial will certainly ; convince you of Its value.
World to' End This Year.
SAN RAFAEL. Aug.. 23.— S. M. Augus
tine, administrator of the estate of A. P.
Hotaling, to-day ¦commenced suit in :the
Superior Court against C. J. Gardiner
William Nolan . and James H. Gallandett
for $500. The defendants are sueda3
.bondsmen of .'Attorney -G. ,'W. Monteith..
Several years I ago ¦ Monteith . moved ¦ to
this city and purchased a residence. "The
Knoll," from Hotaling. He paid part cash
and executed a mortgage for the balance. I
The defendants In the present case were
his bondsmen; at; that time. .When ; the
mortgage became due It; was foreclosed
and passed from Monteith's - possession.'
In • the suit filed to-day It is alleged that
he allowed, the property to run down, the
buildings -and fences .reaching a ¦, dilapi
dated condition ¦which will require $500 to
effect ; their repair. ; '
Sues Monteith's Bondsmen.
Edward Arrives in Prussia and Drives
.:"!:, in Open Carriage With
Kaiser.
WILHELMSHONE, Prussia, Aug. 23.—
King Edward arrived here at lunch-time
and was met at the railroad station by
Emperor William in : the uniform of a
British admiral and the officers of the
headquarters' staff. -The King wore the
dragoon guards' uniform. After cordial
greetings the sovereigns entered an open
carriage drawn by four horses and were
driven to- the castle, where they had
luncheon. The center, of , the table waa
adorned with the, epergne, designed by
Emperor -William, as a present -for King
Edward.
GERMANY'S EMPEROR .
( ' GREETS BRITAIN'S KIN G
SANTA ROSA. Aug. 23.— The Carr
Realty Company of San Francisco has be
gun suit in the Superior Court here ask
ing that it be adjudged owner of the fa
mous Socrates quicksilver mine at Pine
Flat, above Cloverdale. The claim Is
based upon the alleged transfer of the
rights of the heirs of the late W. B. Carr
Carr was one of fifteen original discover
ers of the property in I860. The title is
in dispute between twenty or thirty
claimants and the legal battle over the
ownership promises to become the most
famous in the history of Sonoma County
Claims the Socrates Mine.
"Vice President Spends Many Hours
at Bedside of Suffering' Boy
and Girl.
NEW TORK, Aug. 23.— Vice President
Roosevelt's youngest child, Quinten, 4
years of age, !r. now In Roosevelt- Hos
pital, as well as his sister Alice. The boy
was operated upon Thursday by Dr.
George E. Brewer, one of the visiting sur
geons In the hospital. It is expected he
will be well in a reasonable length of
time. The Vice President spent all this
afternoon by the beds of his children. .
Miss Alice Roosevelt, the Vice Presi
dent's eldest child, was operated upon a
weekago Thursday. She had an abscess
of the jaw, and the operation she under
went was very, successful. It is said she
will leave the hospital to-morrow, ; r
ROOSEVELT'S CHILDREN'
ARE REGAINING HEALTH
\
REDDING. Aug. 23.— Two mining deals
were entered Into In Redding to-day. In
one the Shasta Bay Blossom Copper Com
pany, an incorporation recently formed
and consisting principally- of members of
the Granite Creek Smelting and Refining
Company of Boston, took a short term
bond on the Keith group of partially de
veloped copper claims lying a half-mile
northeast of the Bully Hill mine, Captain
Delamar's great copper producer. Morton
Lindley. a mine expert, who represents
the Boston people and ¦who is authority
for the statement that a bond has been
taken, would not give out the figures of
the option.
The second deal involves a six months'
bond in the sum of $10,000 on the Alta
group of ten quartz claims in Sugar Pine
Gulch, near the Afterthought copper prop
erty. Mrs. J. A. Wilson owns the Alta
group and the bond was taken by, James
M. Patterson and David Reese of Siskiyou
County. , . ; •
Shasta County Mining Deals.
Major Simpson has been in bad odor
with the veterans for some time. A month
ago he was . burned in effigy by the old
soldiers, who were aggrieved because the
supply of oleomargarine had run short,
and Simpson was held responsible.
SANTA MONICA. Aug. 23.— A sensation
was caused at the Soldiers' Home to-day
by the suspension from duty of Quarter
master J. H. Simpson. It is understood
that the immediate cause of his suspen
sion is the condition of his accounts,
which were recently reported upon by the
inspector, Colonel Smith. Officers at the
Home are reticent about the affair, al
though General O. H. La Grange, the gov
ernor, admits the suspension, saying that
nothing more could be made public until
the case had been heard by the board of
managers, in the latter part of Septem
ber.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Soldiers* Home Quarter
master Is Under
Suspension.
Attorney Dillon of Los Angeles, who is
representing Miss Burke, alleges that the
contract is a clever piece . of swindling
work. It is so worded as to seem all right
but a careful examination of it shows that
Miss Burke practically agrees to purchase
the mining 'claims, and that, if she does
not make the. purchase she is to forfeit
$12,000. -,-¦ •¦
Miss Burke now declares she has learned
that Marrs has but a half interest in the
mines and that the money she Invested
has not been spent in carrying on the de
velopment work. She claims she has been
swindled and asks the court to right the
wrong. She asks that the contract drawn
up between her and Allured and Marrs be
canceled on the ground that she was
induced to sign by ¦ fraudulent misrepre
sentations.' • ; ,
In- the complaint she declares that she
was induced to spend large sums of money
in the development' of the Crown, Altissl
mus and Red Copper mines in the Bullion
mining district of this county. She was
given to understand by the defendants,
and especially by Allured, who was acting
as her agent, that Marrs had clear title
to the claims, which are said to be worth
$3,000,000, and that if she would supply the
money to carry on the development work
she could share as a. one-third' owner in
the profits of the mine. She alleges that
she gave her entire time to the scheme
and expended large sums of money in de
velopment of the mining property, as she
supposed. " . - .
SAN BERNARDINO, Aug. 23.— An al
leged swindle involving prominent resi
dents of Los Angeles, Pasadena and this
city was brought to light yesterday by the
filing of a complaint in the County Clerk's
office. Miss Mary A. L. Burke, a rich
woman of Pasadena, brings suit against
William H. Allured of Los Angeles,- James
F. Marr3 of Manvel and others for $57,000
and attorneys' fees, which she alleges is
due her as damages for having been swin
dled by Allured and Marrs. . ¦
Declares She Was
Swindled.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Rich Pasadena Woman
Official Figures for Puget Sound
Show That the Catch Has Been
"Enormous.
SEATTLE, Aug. 23.— Official figures on
the Puget Sound sockeye salmon pack up
to the night of August 23 show 1,105,500
cases, worth, according to the prices
fixed by the Pacific Packing and Naviga
tion Company, $5,400,000. Although the
run Is now dwindling on the salmon banks
it Is estimated that the total sockeye pack
on Puget Sound for this season will be
fully 1,200,000 cases.
SEASON'S SALMON PACK
WORTH MANY MILLIONS
CAHTO, Aug. 23.— A. discovery of quick
silver has been made on Colonel Hardin's
ranch two miles from here. The surface
cropplngs and ledge were located by J. H.
Babcock, an old miner and prospector of
this vicinity. Colonel Hardin has agreed
to give Babcock a half interest in the
mine and will immediately arrange to de
velop it.
Charles Singleton and Robert Agnew,
two experts from Trinity County, are
here in the interest of Babcock and Hi"
din, arranging for the placing ot ma
chinery. Retorts, furnaces and evapora
tors have been negotiated for and from
twenty-five to forty men will be employed
within the next month.
Rich quicksilver Indications have been
found on the Harrington ranch.
Partner by the Owner of
the Land.
Lucky Discoverer Taken In as a
STRIKE OF
ON RANCH NEAR CAHTC
also applied to the Federal court for a
writ of habeas corpus on the strength of
the insanity proceedings. The Federal
court refused the writ and Lewis appealed
this also to the Supreme Court of the
United States. He was overruled In both
cases. Since then Lewis has applied to
Federal and Superior courts for a stay of
proceedings and has been refused. The en
tire litigation has taken nine years.
Lewis last night,? in spite of his an
nouncement the other day that he had left
the case, was out of the city looking: £or
a writ of prohibition from some Supreme
Court Justice. The Governor had refused
to interfere.
Major Havard, the surgeon, discussing
the Caldas and other experiments, says
that the yellow fever commission and
himself have carefully considered the
question of applying infected mosquitoes
to non-immunes and have reached the
conclusion that, in view of all the cir
cumstances—the fact that persons voiun
tarily undergo the experiments and also
the importance of the matter from a sci
entific point of view — the experiments are
justifiable.
HAVANA, Aug. 23.— A non-immune has
been Inoculated with the serum which Dr.
Caldas, the Brazilian expert, alleges to
be a preventive against yellow fever and
has been bitten by two Infected mosqui
toes. The period of inoculation is from
four to five days.
Man in Cuba Inoculated With a
Serum and Bitten by Infected .
Mosquitoes.
NON-HOniNE SERVES
FOR DISEASE EXPERIMENT
MASON'S SLAYER AND THE LAW-"
YER WHO PROLONGED HIS LIFE
NINE YEARS.
SEATTLE*, Aug. 23.— Charles W.
Nordstrom was hanged this morn
ing at 9:49 o'clock for the murder'
on November 27, 1891. of William
Mason. From early morning the
condemned man was on the verge of utter
collapse, and while ministers and mem
bers of the Salvation Army prayed with
him he cried continually.
Shortly after 9:30, o'clock Nordstrom
was brought from the room in which he
had teen detained, just adjoining the ex
ecution room. It required the assistance
of four men to keep him on his feet.
, When he was taken Into the presence
of the scaffold he broke down entirely.
Crying "In a childish voice and praying
that his life be spared him, he fell to the
floor.
Efforts tc raise him and keep him on
his feet were fruitless, and at last Sheriff
Cudihee ordered that a board be brought.
To this Nordstrom was strapped. It re
quired six men to hold him while this was
being done. While being strapped to the
board Nordstrom continued to shriek and
cry. Several times he seemed to speak,
but his words were unintelligible. The
six men who had held him raised his body
on the board and with great effort suc
ceeded in getting him upon the gallows
and the fatal trap. ¦ There he was stood
upright, four of the men standing on the
four sides of the trap and holding him.
In iess than two seconds after the con
demned man was in place the trap was
sprung and Nordstrom had paid the pen
alty of his crime.
The trap was sprung at 9:49 o'clock and
Nordstrom was pronounced dead at 10:02
o'clock.
In the autumn of 1891 Charles Wl Nord
strom worked for Thomas- Mason, a
rancher, near Cedar Mountain, in this
SIMPSON'S BOOKS
IN POOR SHAPE
LOSES HEAVILY
IN MINE DEAL
county. He had a dispute about the
amount of wages due him. The sum in
volved was ' $3 85. On the night of the
murder William Mason was sitting down
to supper with his father. Some one fired
a shot from outside the window. -., Young
Mason pitched' forward * and died in a
short time. Investigation showed the
prints of the murderer's-feet as he had
stood beside a fence corner and rested
his rifle on the top rail. The next day of
ficers took up the chase. The murderer
w#s tracked over a long stretch of coun
try. •-.-.; .
. Severar days later Nordstrom, with a
Winchester rifle of the same caliber as
that with which the victim was murdered,,
was arrested on. the railroad track near
Cedar Mountain. He told conflicting
stories. On v trial he was convicted. The,
case was appealed to the Supreme Court
of this State, which refused to. grant a
new trial. Colonel James Hamilton Lewis
became "associate counsel in the case. He
fought it in the Federal court on
a writ of 'habeas corpus, which was de
nied. He carried it to the Supreme Court
of the United- States and lost. He then
went to the Superior Court of Kins Coun
ty and asked for a commission of physi
cians to examine into the .'mental condl-
It Is believed that Old Clubfoot had
been living in the high mountains since
he was traced to Nevada. He is described
as being an unusually large fellow, even
for a grizzly, weighing about 3000 pounds.
He Is supposed to be more than 60 years
old.
From that time until his appearance In
Alpine County he has kept out of sight.
Recently he appeared at the ranch of a
man named Benson, where he reduced the
visible supply of mutton. A large crowd
gathered at Markleeville and a start was
made on Tuesday of last week. At the
time Dolling and his party left nothing
had been heard as to the success of the
hunting expedition.
After that the grizzly was traced
through different counties" and many were
the hunting parties sent out after him.
Many times it was believed he was se
curely surrounded, but he always man
aged to escape. '
In the sixties Old Clubfoot dropped
out of sight. Nothing was heard of him
for several years, until one night about
twenty-five years ago. there was a dis
turbance in a log corral in which there
was a large band of sheep, on Blood's
place, and a herder went out to see what
was the trouble. Just as he put his head
over the gate a bear smote him a terrible
blow on the head, completely scalping
him. The tracks In the dust showed that
Old Clubfoot was still alive and back
at his stamping grounds. A hunt was
organized, but the bear escaped.
Again the grizzly dropped out of sight
for about ten years. When he reappeared
it was In Mono County, he having trav
eled as far as Bodie. At that place he
was given a big hunt, but managed to
get away, although he received several
wounds. After that he was traced over
into Nevada, where he kept up his old
tricks of raiding sheep ranches for his
daily food.
ANGELS CAMP. Aug. 23.— Otto Dolling.
Henry Hogart and George Posey have
returned from a camping trip, up above
Silver \ City, in Alpine County. The
country around there is very wild and
game of all kinds is plentiful. The day
the party left for home a big hunt was
being organized for the purpose of trail
ing Old Clubfoot, a big grizzly bear
known from one end of the State to the
other, which has caused a great deal of
trouble and damage in his life, and which
at the present time is creating a lot of
trouble for stockmen In the mountains.
Just a few days before the party left for
home he visited' a sheep camp and raised
"rough house" among the men.
Old Clubfoot was first heard of in Ne
vada County in the winter of 1857.. At
that time a trapper found half' of the
brute's left hind foot In a bear trap which
he had set. Next the grizzly a'ppeared in
Plumas County, where he killed a man
in the mountains, devouring all of his vic
tim except one foot. The snow was on
the ground at the time and the tracks
showed that In healing the bearfs foot
had drawn until it was like a club foot,
and he was thereupon named Old Club
foot.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Alpine County Ranchers Or
ganize an Expedition
Against Him.
Famous Grizzly Bear Re
appears After Many
Years.
OLD CLUBFOOT
AGAIN RAIDING
THE ;SAN/ FR A1NC/ISC/O C^-A-LI-i, . 8 AT.TTRD.A.'y^: .- .A. LTGTTST.. ¦-.< 124, .1901.
Assassin, Whose Counsel Delayed the Law's Vengeance for Nine
Years, Collapses as the Hour of His Execution Arrives and Has
to Be Held Up While Preparations for the Drop Are" Made
MURDERER NORDSTROM, STRAPPED
TO A BOARD, DIES ON THE GALLOWS
tlon of Nordstrom. This -was granted.
The doctors pronounced the man sane.
Lewis demanded a Jury trial to determine
. Nordstrom's , sanity. The Superior Court
denied this. In the Supreme Court of this
. State Lewis' appeal from this ruling: was
- overruled. Then Lewis carried It to the
Supreme Court of the United States, and
AJVEBTISEMEIJTS.
Fels-Naptha is so much better
that nobody wants any other
soap; your money back if it
isn't.
Fels & Co., makers, Philadelphia.
>>
HOW RICHARD H. COOPER FOUND THE
REGALIA OF AGUjNALDO. j
BEGINNING OF A SERIES OF ARTICLES
FOR WHIST PLAYERS. ;
A NEW. BIBLE PLAY FOR SAN FRAN- |
HAVE YOU THOUGHT OF THIS: DOES
THE CAMERA LIE?
DO YOU KNOW WHO HE IS ? THE PRINCE
CF WASHERWOMAN'S BAY.
FIGHTING THE WESTERN GRASSHOP-
PER ON NEW LINES.
THE ARTISTS' COLOW AT MONTEREY.
BOOKS AND FICTION AND SPCRTS.
THE "1HREE" SYENGALiS "\WH0 HAVE MYSTIFIED
THE PUBLIC Or TWO CONTINENTS.
~~ ¦ v - ."¦.-•: . - . i - - ' - ¦
:'.:¦- ¦ - .v ¦.-»¦• ¦¦.--,' '.¦/-' ' ~ '" ' : ¦ " '"' ¦¦¦:-¦¦¦¦. ' ;
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦^MBDBnMBBBaaMHBMHMMBEgaSSBWBBaBiilffllHIB f JiB— OMB3K.VCruiser Phaeton at San Diego.
SAN DIEGO, Aug. 23.— The British
cruiser Phaeton arrived from the south
this afternoon. She stopped at Magda
lena Bay three days for target practice on
her way up. She will go north to-mor
row.
Lester Beiff Succeeds in Piloting
' Three Winners at Hurst Park
Meeting.
LONDON, Aug. 23. — The Americans were
very successful at the Hurst Park August
meeting to-day. Frank Gardiner's Sand
Piper II, C. Jenkins up, won the open
plate, distance one mile and a half.
"W. C. Whitney's Mount Vernon fllly, L.
Reiff up, won the August two-year-old
plate, at five furlongs.
Archduke II, Li. Reiff up, won the Hamp
ton selling 1 plate, distance one mile.
United States, L. Reiff up, -won a two
year-old selling 1 plate, at five furlongs.
At the Nottingham summer meeting Or
say, Maher up, won the Friar Tuck selling
plate, distance one mile.
"W. C. "Whitney's Flying Jib. J. Reiff up.
won the Uttle John plate, distance five
furlongs.
Friar.'s Wash, Maher up, won the Wel
beck Abbey plate, distance six furlongs
straight.
W. C. -Whitney's Play, J. Reiff tip, won
the Bufford Abbey plate, the straight
mile.
WONDERFUL RIDING OF V';
THE AMERICAN JOCKEYS
Pacing. 2:19 class, purse $1000 — Terrace Queen
won two straight heats. Best time. 2:11%. Orin
B. Blasa, Tommy Sic, Thorny Way, Rex, Ralph
R. Annie B and Burnham also started.
Pacing. 2:11 class, purse $1000— Reuben S won
two straight heats. Best time, 2:12'i. Mlsa
Gertrude, Carmenclta and Maud EUer - also
started. -
Paclns. 2:10 class, the Neponset stakes, value
|3000— Sphinx S won the third, fourth and fifth
heats. Beat time 2:09%. Fred S. Wedgewocxl
won the first and second heats. Best time.
2:08%. Daphne Dallas. Sophia. Tl»e Bishop.
Dlavolo. Balmy I*. Alulator. Norvin O. Beto
nica. Ituna. Carmine, Early Bird Jr. Hal Mc-
Ewan and Roy Direct also started.
Trotting. 2:03 class, purse J2500— Boralma won
two. straight heats. Best time, 2:07^1. The
Monk and Klngmond Tog-gleg also started.
Trotting 1 . 2:16 class, purse $1000 — Maurine won
three straight heats. Best time. 2:13^ Bella
Curry, Sybil H, Free Silver, Marlon "Wllkes.
Irene, Burlington Boy, J E C and Pirate also
started.
EOEAIMA EQUALS SIS
OWN TBOTTTNG RECORD
Ciesceus "Will Make Another Attempt
to IjO-wer the "World's
Eecord.
READVILLE. Mass.. Aug. 23.— At tho
grand circuit meet to-day tho chief in
terest was attached to what Boralma
might do in the 2:03 trot. The Lawson
gelding: did nothing wonderful, but
equaled his record time of 2:0T& and won
with ease. It was announced that on next
Friday at Providence Cresceus would at
tempt to lower the world'3 record. Sum
mary:
Glistening with oil the swimmers stood
upon their marks for the jump off, but
at the first attempt Leary, in his eager
ness, beat the pistol and both were called
back. Again they tried the start and again
Leary got off in front. By this time tha
oil ¦was washed off the men, so they went
back to Trainer Lean for a fresh applica
tion. The flag fell on the third attempt
and both men cut out a pace that, if sus
tained, everybody knew would be a record
breaker. Leary seemed to move through
the water at a faster rate than Wiede
man, but when the eye measured the rela
tive positions both men might have been
placed on a line. They took all the turns
together and It was only on the last lap
that Leary gained his slight advantage,
which was about eight Inches— Just
enough to win the race.
The officials were: John Hammersmith,
referee: Kenneth Melrose, "W. Geddes and
A. J. Baker, judges; Fred Butz, A. P.
Rothkopf and John Elliott, timekeepers;
George James, starter.
Out of the three dual races "Wledeman
won two. The race on "Wednesday night
was thought to be a tie by some and will
be re-held at Sutro's on a straightaway
course.
Scott Leary, the Olympic Club swim
mer. Is now the champion 100-yard human
self-propelled water cutter. By defeating:
H. Wledeman In tho Olypmlc Club tank
last night he lowered the American record
in this event two and a half seconds. His
allowed time was 1:03%, caught toy two
watches. Other time registrations wera
1:03 3-5 and 1:03 2-6.
The race itself was so close that only.
by those at the line could the winner be 5 
picked. Inch by inch it was fought out.
both men holding on with steady, un
broken strokes. When the line was un
dergone neither man seemed tired from
his speedy rushing' through the water.
onds Off American Mark
* for 100- Yard Distance.
Clips Two and a Half Sec-
Scott Leary's Wonderful
Swimming at Olym
pic Olub.
WINS RACE AND
BREAKS RECORD
FRANCIS CAROLAN'S STABLE CARRIES OFF HONORS
IN THE FIRST DAY'S RACING AT DEL MONTE
Greatest and Most Fashion
able Crowd of Week Sees
' Gentlemen Riders Compete
Paris Mutuel Boxes for the
Speculatively Inclined Do
a Most Thriving Business
Men and Ponies in a Test of
Skill : and Speed Contribute
to a Day of Gayeties
Walter Hobart Is Outfobted
in a Hundred-Yard Race by
Prince Andre Poniatowski
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, AUGUST 24^ .1901.
YOUNG LADIES OF THE FASHIONABLE SET WHOSE SKILL ON TEN
NIS COURT AND GOLF. LINKS HAS WON THE ADMIRATION OF
DEL MONTE SPECTATORS. . •
CfoSbv and' OA-naM-n « tv~.
YACHT CONSTITUTION AN
ENIGMA TO YACHTSMEN
Crew Is Kept Busy Drilling for the
Eace Scheduled for
To-Day.
OYSTER BAY. L. I., Aug. 23.— This was
not a day of rest for the crew of the Con
stitution, now at anchor In the harbor
They will have no rest for sometime to
come, for the captain, in view of yester
day's defeat, is bound to keep all hand3
a Ki W * ork i, tunin ?, u £ until th6 new boat IS
able to show all the speed there is In her
The new mainsail was stretched again
J r an^ a^ e^ and "fonder club pro"
vlded for the big topsail. It was exneot^rt
S e rt ef i O n re tn that th r Constiffin P would
f«™ Vh to - morro w's race In much, better
There would be little use in denying thi^
SSHeass
Bishop Huhtlngtori of the Central New
York Protestant Episcopal,, diocese is 82
yearsold, but in order to keep an appoint
ment one Sunday recently he walked eight
miles over - country /roads, there being no
train. to suit.
SAN RAFAEL., Aug." 23.-4-The final chase,
bf the San Rafael HuntClub-will.beheld
on August 31: The 'chase will' be over 'the
usual^route and the prize". will 1 . be A silver'
cupofferM by Mrs. Mi H. :de-,Yquhg. i It'
is expected that many 'visitors' will com-'
pete for the trophy. ' . ";.• ' . ,
Hunt Club's. Final Cbiase.
NEW YORK. Aug. 23.-Owin g to a
misunderstanding of orders the cup chal
lenger, Shamrock II, did not have a -trial
spin outside of Sandy Hbbk to-day. The
original programme was tq have the yacht
towed to Sandy Hook from her anchor
age oft Stapletbn, Stateri Island, starting
at 11 o clock," and then to have her go out
for a trial spin over the America's cup 7
course In the afternoon. But the fore
noon was spent. in putting battens in the
new mainsail and in making some altera
tions and repairs to 'the yacht's rigging.
JL^h noon ,, before this was finished, so
tn of/l^ m E ock wa 5 no t ready to start un
a^ V^n* nem en had : had their dinner. ,
+w^;i p n m^ th6crew be 8ran ; hoisting
the, mainsail. Captain Sycamore under
standing the; yacht \ was to sail, out to
Sandy. Hook. But Sir Thomas Llpton and
Shamrock II Does Not
jSali Over, the Clip -
Race Course.
CHICAGO, Aug. 23.— President Johnson
of the American league to-day, expelled
Shortstop Shugart of Chicago for assault
ing Umpire Haskell at "Washington. In
comment Mr. Johnson said:
"A-ny player- cf the American League
In the future who slugs an umpire on the
ball field will be expelled from the league
That is final."
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
BAI-TIMORE. An?. 23.— Chicago" defeated
Baltimore In a well played game here to-day
Attendance. 2600. Score:
Clubs- n. H. E..
Baltimore 4 12 -„
Chicago 6 8 0
Batteries— Nops and Bresnahan ; Griffith, Pat
terson and Sullivan.
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 23.— Good work with
the battery gave the home team another vic
tory over Detroit. Attendance, 723S, Score:
Clubs— R. : ' H. •
Detroit • ."2 8' 3
Philadelphia .".........: .....7. „ 11 ¦¦¦-.;{;. \
Batteries— Yeagrer and* Shaw; Fraser and
Powers.
BOSTON, Aub. 3.— Boston won to-day by su
perior all round playing. Both pitchers were
In fine form and hits "were few. Attendance,
2200. Score;
Cleveland 1 V ¦ 6', 6
Batteries — Younr and Crleer; -McNeal and
Connor. . ¦'."•-•¦¦.;:.
NATIONAL LEAGUE. 'fhi i t*ii
BOSTON, "Aub. 23.— It was almost" too ' oarE^
to see tfce ball when Lone made a sharp drive
EASTERN BASEBALL.
Sir Thomas Upton announced that he
and his party will witness the race of the
Columbia and Constitution off OystenBay
to-morrow. ¦:. ¦ • . ¦ - ..-.>.
The Shamrock will not sail, again until
Monday, , but she -will go out every day
after that, except Sundays - to , take trial
spins over the America's cup course.
Designer Watson, after a conference, de
cided It would be better to tow the yacht
out with the Erin on -account of the
southeast breeze prevailing, which, if the
yacht sailed, would make. it a long, tedi
ous beat down the main ship channel to
Sandy Hook. Acbrdingly, at. 2 p. m., a
stout hawser, the one with which the
Shamrock was towed across the Atlantic,
was passed out from the -Erin's taffrail
and the 'tow began. After the yacht's
anchor was up the' Erin went a.way with
the yacht at a ten-knot clip, leaving the
accompanying tugboats far astern..-
As. the vessels passed out by the Romer
beacon. they began to feel the effects of
the easterly . sea which was . rolling In.
At 3 p. m. they rounded the : southwest
spit and headed out to sea. It was then so
late that Sir Thomas and the. yacht's de
signer decjded it .would be better "iiqt .to
attempt' to sail over^ariy .stated course
before dark. Soabout half a mile, east
of the bell buoy off Sandy Hook the- tow
line was cast- off, the Shamrock's staysail
was broken out, and uhderrthat sail she
returned .tq within;. a.- half mile of her
mooring buoy in Sandy Hook Bay: She
showed wonderful ability . to work to
windward under that short sail.
to center, bringing in Demont from third and
winning the game for Boston. Attendance, 725.
Score:
Clubs— . R. _ H. ! E.
Boston- .'....: .7'- 9 j
Philadelphia ...: 6 16 2
Batteries— Nichols and Klttredee; Duggleby,
Townsend and White, and McFarland. Um
pire— Dvrycr. ._-,.;._
' NEW YORK, Aug. 23.— Brooklyn won another
game from New York to-day, the latter play
ing a lifeless game. Attendance, 2100., Score:
' Clubs—. ¦¦ . - R. II. ¦ ,E.
New York ¦. 3 8 4
Brooklyn_ . . .... . . „ „ . 4 13 • ;. 0
1 Batteries— Taylor" aha Bowermah; s . Kennedy
and Farreli. jXjmpIrer-Emslle.
BOSTON. Aug. 23.— The Oxford-Cam
bridge athletes, who have crossed, the
ocean on the steamer Commonwealth to
compete with the Canadians at Montreal
on September 14 and with a team of Yale
and Harvard men at. New York on Sep
tember 21, were met down the bay to-day
.by representatives of the two American
universities naired and welcpmed to the
United States. To-morrow they will go to
Montreal.
Mr. Knowles, the graduate manager,
has a lively debate on his hands with the
American graduate manager on the two
important points- of whether 'there .shall
Oxford-Cambridge Track Team Ar
rives in New York En p<oute . .
' . to Montreal.
COLIiEQE MEN WELCOME
THE ENGLISH ATHLETES
The American committee has suggested
a relay race, which is not favored: by- the
Britishers, as they know nothing about it
and have never trained for it. - ;•
The" Cambridge-Oxford', vs.- Harvard-
Yale return game's will 1 ' take place on
Berkeley oval, New York, September- 25,
at 3 p. m. This was decided to-night.' The
hurdle-race will be fun dti the clndersj.rt
pronounced disappointment to - the ( Eng
lishmen. This provisional order of events
was adopted, subject to amendment: 100
yard dash, SSO-yard run,- hammer throw,
440-yard /run,- running high jump;, mile
run, 120-yard high hurdles (th'reej feet . six.
inches), running broad jump and two-mile
run.' • • " ! . . : ¦- ' ¦ . ¦:•;¦¦-.•-•¦ .' •'•¦¦- ••- -.;:¦' *
The visitors favored the- nine events.
Only firsts are to count. If the games
should result in a tie by reason of a dead
heat in the deciding event the tie will
stand. ( • ,
At the request of .the .visitors the up
rights for the hlglv'jumps are to be .elgTit"
feet tall. .<¦ . ¦ - .,-- ,;~ s'cS +'?:%•£* ¦ .
be more than nine events . on- the pro
gramme "ami whether or liot.any place
other than first shall count in. scoring. The
English proposal is for a programme con
sisting of 100, 440. 8S0 yards,- one .-mile and
two mile runs, high and long jumps, high
hurdles and hammer throwing. Mr.
Knowles' argument is that -nine-. events:
tirst only to count, settles the question of
supremacy at once and gives no reason
able chance for a tie. ¦ • •-- ' • • • ¦ ¦-:
champion of Southern California; C. E.
Orr and the well-known professionals; F.
J. Reilly, A. Bell. W. J. Bradley,- Harry
Rawlins, George Smith and Root Johns
ton. The draw to-night resulted as fol
lows:
J. W. Byrnes vs. F. J. Reilly: J. A. Folg-er
vs. Dr. Walter; V. S. Stratton vs. C. E. Orr;
II. M. SearH vs. A. Hell; H. M. Fitzgerald vs.
W. J. Bradley; John I^awson vs. Harry Raw
lins; James Melville vs. C. K. Maud; E. R.
Folger vs./ George Smith; C. P. Hnbbard vs.
Robert Johnston; Lansing Kellogg. a bye.
Before the noon hour Miss Caro Crock
ett and Miss Hager will meet on the links
to decide which shall hold the title of
champion lady, golfer of the coast.
At the track In the afternoon the pony
races will be the attraction again. Silver
Dick, the "highly touted Colorado pony
owned by "Walter Hobart, will be a starter
in the second event and if he should meet
defeat a carload of coin will go up in
smoke. . . .
Runs responsible for— Iburs 2, Strlcklett 2
Three-bate hit— Stricklett. Two-base hits—
Krug. Stanley. Sacrifice hits— Hanlon, Mc-
Lauphlln. Reilly. First base on errors— San
Kranclsco 4. Sacramento 2. First base on
called balls— Off Iburg 5. I^eft on bases— San
Francisco 9, Sacramento 7. Struck out— By
Ibunt 2, by Ftricklett 4. Double plays— Schwartz
to Shay; Schwartz to Reilly; Hlldebrand to
AVUson. Time of gz me— 2:15. Umpire — Levy.
SUMMARY.
Ean Francisco... 00001000S0 1—5
Base hits 1100210030 2—10
Sacramento 0000210100 0 4
Base hits 1011120210 1—10
Totals 37 4 10 4 t31 1$ 7
tOne man out when winning run was made.
RTJNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
rtevereaur, e. e 4 1 l o 1 44
McLauphlin, 1. i.... 4 0 1 13 0 0
Courtney, 2b 5 13 13 6 0
Doyle, c. f 5 l 2 0 2 0 0
Aehenbach, r. f 5 0 0 0 2 0 1
Stanley, c 4 0 10 6 11
Rheehan. 3b.......... 4 0 1 1 1 8-1
Hanlon, lb 2 1 0 1 13 0 0
Btricklett, p 4 0 10 0 0 0
Totals 45 5 10 2 23 17 2
•Pabst batted for Iburg.
SACRAMENTO.
SAN' FRANCISCO.
AB. R. Bit SB. PO. A. E.
JConJyke, lb S 0 0 0 . 1! . 0 0
Brockhoff. c. f 5 0 0 0 2 0 0
Wilson, c S 0 l 0 3 i o
Schwartz, r. f 5 0 2 2 6 2 0
Hlldebrand. 1. f 5 110 3 10
Fhay, e. s 5 0 0 0 2 6 0
Krutr. 2b 5 2 3 0 4 2 1
Reilly. 2b 4 1 1 fr2 3-1
Iburs, p 4 0 10 0*0
Pabst* 10 0 0 0 0 0
AVbalen, p 1 0 1 0 0 0 0
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 23.— In a hard up
hill eleven-inning game San " Francisco
again won to-day, the score being 5 to 4.
Btricklett pitched a good game, but his
support went to pieces and with the score
standing 4 to 1 in favor of the Senators
in the ninth inning the Germans bv a bit
of lucky hitting and two untimely" errors
tied the score, and in the eleventh secured
the winning run. Score:
Locals Win in Eleventh.
Beyond question It was not Walter Ho
bart's day to shine, for after meeting de
feat at the track he was beaten In a foot
race after the return home by. Prince
Poniatowski. After some jolly bantering
at the-clubhouse each got-on the mark
for a 100-yard dash. To use track par
lance Hobart "blew up" and the Prince
won smiling. No records broken. ,. ¦
The pony racing with a paris mutuel
box for the speculatively inclined drew
the largest crowd of the week to the
track this afternoon. .Everything cen
tered In the rivalry between 'the well
known gentlemen riders Frank Carolan,
Hobart Loses a Footrace.
The continuation of the ladles' golf at
the links in the forenoon tournament for
the coast championship saw Miss Hager
defeat Miss Dolbeer by a score of 22 up
and 1 to -play. Miss- Caro Crockett beat
Miss Ives 6 up and 5 to play, and it will
be continued to-morrow. ¦ ..-•.;
The hounds that were lost In the dis
astrous cross-country run .on Tuesday
have returned to their kennels and Frank
Carolan Is consequently happy again.
Miss Frances Hopkins, cousin of Mrs.
Taylor, wore a handsome cream, white
crepe gown and large white hat, trimmed
with plumes. Miss Rowena Burns looked
very pretty In a dainty gown of striped
white and blue foulard trimmed with blue
chiffon. Mrs. , Clinton Worden wore a
lovely gown- of white chiffon with tiny
ruchings of black.
Of all the gorgeously arrayed ladies who
went to see the ponies run Mrs. Will Tay
lor was by far- the most
gowned. Her dress was of Nile green
crepe, accordion pleated [ and with the
corsage elaborately trimmed with lace.
With this gown . she wore a large pale
pink chiffon hat, whose only ornament
was an immense pink plume that com
pletely circled the hat. A beautiful boa
of pink chiffon and silk, that resembled
most the petals of a La France rose, com
pleted the costume.
of the Scottish game may eay
what they will, but the fact remains that
the races attracted the largest, most fash
ionable ' and best-dressed crowd of the
week. There are some persons who did
not attend the polo games, others who
did not go to the golf, but there was no
one In the big hotel who did not go this
afternoon to the races.
O. ED MONTEi Aug. 23.-The ladles
donned their prettiest gowns this
afternoon to -attend the races.
Polo devotees and the followers
Like. Caesar's wife, gentlemen riders are
above suspicion, and -without asking any
superfluous questions -everybody -took''. the
tip a-nd'-bafcked Charley ; Dunphy's'' Lady
Betty to ' win the: "three-sixteenth mile
dash-for polo ponies,- which started the
sport, the .^weights ranging* f rom r /.165
pounds tip./ Outbreaking "his 'company,
Frank Carolan quickly had Bonnie -in
front, and the Mttle gelding- Won* pricking
his ears, from Walter Hobart's Terry Mc-
Goverm in :18!£. Hobart expected to wjn
in a p.uneh with Terry and his followers
.went to- th'eir corners badly winded. Ger
trude,. with.Mr. Coleman up, ran:into"the
show.^"I;ady Betty apparently, sulked.
Five-dollar mutuels paid $17 80. - v- . ', ; *
. Th.en v Frank Carolan followed/ this ' up
by uncorking Princess Flavia In the four
furlpng scramble .with five starters, : the
little 'lady's backers drawing down $29 40
for their $5 Investment.
On Thursday evening Dunphy purchased
Viola, and coupled with Topo,' the stable
was a warm choice. At the.;?; start- the
Princess picked, up the running and prac
tically finished "on the bit," three lengths
before' Viola and Topo. Buckthorn and
Red Jacket also ran. H. Praed rode the
latter, which was well supported. ¦ -, - .
By way of dlvertlsement and to give, the
natives ,a chance, a vaquero race ,came
next; at' a half mile. Hercules, with
Rutherford lip, came In an easy, winner
over Lady. Bell. , T. - , ¦- ¦ ¦ ' .
Makes It Three Straight. -
In the fourth number »Mr. Carolan cele-
Carolan Wins With Bonnie.
Walter Hobart and Charley TJuhphy, and
the interest manifested was intense. To
the dismay of the followers of Hobart
and Dunphy Frank Carolan rode with
unexcelled- Judgment, landing the first
three races on the card with Bonnie arid
Princess Flavia. the flrst-named filly
twice facing the flag. To-night the fol
lowers of the blue and white have "all
colors" and Frank Carolan Is now the
recognized khig of select sporting circles.
But this was not 111. Fusillade, also
from the Carolan . stable, captured the
fifth event with professional riders up,
and his Bonnie, ridden, by Parker .Whit
ney, finished second to Holly Hock in .the
final event, the last-named filly being rid
den by Walter Hobart.
Charley Dunphy was unlucky In not be
ing able to capture a prize, but promises
to retrieve his lost laurels to-morrow.
No knotty problems arose to ' bother
Prince Poniatowski or Tom Driscoll, who
graced the judges' stand with their pres
ence. Major Rathbone acted as clerk of
the- course, R. Van Brunt did some pretty
work with the starter's flag, while Thom
as P. Meagher was again at his post as
clerk of the scales. . • .
NO TRIAL SPIN
FOR CHALLENGER
-A special 300-yard dash for green ponies
at catch weights finally saw the Hobart
crimson with gold Maltese cross first by
the wire. Heartsease, the mount of Tom
Driscoll. was the tip. but Holly Hock,
ridden by Hobart, won in rag time fash-
Ion from Bangle, the Carolan entry, with
the favorite third. Time, :15^. Melody.
Coyote Nerissa and White Wings - also
gffi» 22 80. Ilobart. thought
so little of the filly 8 chances that he pur
chased but one $5 ticket. "
Features of To -Day's Programme.
Not the least attractive of the many
features to-morrow, the closing day of
the week s carnival of sport and festivities
here anyone that is attracting much at
tention, is the open golf tournament - to
be- played at the links In the morning.
™. ng gentries are. John Lawson. the
coast amateur champion; C. E. Maud
To the disappointment of all, Mestor,
the veteran timber-topper, on which Dick
Tobin had the leg up, enjoyed a walk-over
for the San Mateo . Hunt Steeplechase
This was expected to be the star event
of the meet, but Spectator. Periwig, Van
ity and Texarkana air failed to material
ize. '« ¦ ¦ ¦• •
Old Mestor's Easy Vctory.
the only place where they shille
and talk. They have even been known
to laugh aloud there, but; that," of course,
Is not a^matter of frequent occurrence.
Of all ¦> serious places,, serioiis undertak
ings and serious persons the golf links,
golfing and golfers should be awarded
first place. The very few people who go
up to the links stand around in solemn
little. bunches, watch the game with seri
ous, long drawn faces and never speak
except to say "good ball" after each
"drive." But the most serious of all are
the players themselves. They greet their
friends with curt little nods, and if per
chance some one speaks within several
yards of them they frown and say "shoo."
Golf is certainly a very serious thing.
To-day, the first really fine day of this
week of sports, found a big crowd at the.
beach. The water here is very cold, but
that did not frighten the intrepid swim
mers, and there were many more bathers
than usuaL Mrs. Henry T. Scott and the
Princess Poniatowski early sought ¦ the
luxury of a dip in the briny, but they are
careful swimmers and did not go far from
the rope. The Princess, who is extra pre
cautious, wore a life preserver collar
fashion round her neck. Mary Eyre, who
also is very prudent, wore the latest pre
servers, a pair of wings; Will Crocker
lost his pained and troubled look in the
water, and in sportive mood assumed with
ar rare, grace many gladiatorial attitudes
while he splashed recklessly about.
Mrs. Walter Hobart, Miss Collier, Mr.
Eyre and Miss Eyre brought their golf,
balls with them irito the water and en
joyed the two-fold pleasure— a game of
handball and a swim.
Miss Marie Wells, who came down last
evening-, easily and immediately estab
lished herself as the beauty and most dar
ing swimmer at the beach. Miss Wells
swam ¦¦ way. out beyond the raft. Her
bathing suit of gray edged with White
is extremely becoming to her, and the red
cap in which she tucks her pretty brown
curls i3 particularly fetching. : ; i;
' In the matter . of new wardrobe the
honors must go again to Joseph Tobin Jr.
Tobln ia sporting now the very latest
stick. He calls it an English cane. The
uninitiated might be pardoned if they
imagined it wa9 an extra long toothpick.
It is made of bamboo, is about a foot
long and about as thick as the stem of
an ordinary clay pipe. It is the very
latest thing and has been approved of by
English military swells.
brated his third straight victory, landing
Bonnie again by brilliant horsemanship.
The fllly closed a slight favorite over Ter
ry MeGoverri and once more "Walter
Hobart was compelled to take the dust.
At the start Bonnie wag off poorly and
later ran into a pocket. Mr.. Carolan took
a lottery chance, and extricating his
mount finally crossed the wire a. length in
advance of Terry. On their return to the
stand horse and rider were accorded an
ovation. Approaching the wire Carolan
eased Bonnie up, on. perceiving which
Hobart tried to steal the race, but the dis
tance to be covered was too short. Lady
Betty, with C. Dunphy up, Gertrude, Na
tive Son and Kentucky Belle were also
starters. Mutuels paid $11 40.
As the Carolan -colors seemed to be the
whole thing, the crowd kept the mutuel
box clicking backing Fusillade to win the
five furlong spin for polo ponies, to be
piloted by professional jockeys. Although
given a- rub by Viola, the sturdy chestnut
led the mare by the judges two lengths in
1:03. Florinel finished a fair third. Topo,
a slow breaker, was the only other
starter. ' / "
DEL. MONTE, Aug: 23.— The only
sport the fashionable throng as
¦sembled here does not take seri
ously is swimming. The beach. Is
Runs responsible for — Hartwell -3, Hodson 2.
Two-base hit— ArreUanes. Sacrifice hits—
Francks, Hansen 2. Hutchinson. First base
on errors. Los Angeles 1 First base "on called
liall« — Los Angeles «. Oakland L Left on bases
—horn Angeles 3. Oakland 9. Struck out— By
Ilodson 4. Hit by pitcher— Babbitt 2. Double
plays— Hutchinson unassisted; Francks to Ar
rellanes to Streib 2. Passed ball— Spies 1.
Time of game — One hour and thirty-five min
utes. I'mpire— Graves. Official scorer— McFar
lln. -' . .- .
SUMMARY.
Base hits 0 0 2 0 0 1 0-0 0—3
Oakland 0 0 0 4 0 0 0 0 ?— 4
Base hits 12 0 4 10 12 »— 11
Ixw Angeles 0 0 1 001 0 00—2
Totals ..31 4 11 1 27 18 1
RUXS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennan. cf ......... 4 0 10 2 0 0
Krancks. ss S 0 0.0.3 6 1
Strelb, lb 4 0 1 0 12 0 0
Eagan, 2b 4 12 0 0 0 0
Dunleavy, If 4 1 2 0 0 0 0
ArreUanes. 2b 4 1 2 0 3 7 0
Babbitt, rf • 2 1 1 0-1 0 0
Hansen."C ....„.".„ 2 0 0 0 6 2 0
Hodson. p 4 0 2 1 0 2 ' 0
Totals 24 2 S 1 24 16 0
. OAKIjAXD.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Croll, cf 1 0 0 0 2 0 0
Hutchinson, lb 3 0 1 0 19 1 0
Bowman, If 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Athorton. 2b 4 0 0 0 110
C Reilly. 3b 3 0 0 0 0 6 0
.Tone*, rf 1 0 0 1 1 0*0
Kelly, es 3 0 0 0 1 7 0
Spies, c 2 110 0 0 0
Hartwell, p : 3 110 0 10
IX5S ANGELES.
The nol?e that followed would drive
ancient battles out of the books. Nine
angry Angels tore their hair and ripped
bis rifts out of the atmosphere. Graves
lost his? breath saying $o, and finally
pulled out his watch. The crowd , yelled
and hooted, some for the southerners,
some for Oakland. Peace finally settled
over all and the. game went on. . When
the Inning was done with the Dudes had
scored four runs. M»rley stood in a cor
ner of the lot and wept. What will they
do to him in L<os Angeles? Six straight
beatings for the Angels. ',
Dodson was too good for Los Angeles
yesterday. He could not be found, three
hits being all that came from the Angels'
bats. Hartwell was bunched in spots.
Score: ' •
Umpire Graves and Manager Morley
had a glaring match yesterday at Rec
reation grounds. Morley looked daggers
and said wors«=-. Graves ordered Morley
to be good and Iceep the peace, and then
Morley ambled away slxzling the air with
toothsome talk. That was only one of the
festive pleasantries at the game. The
other was far more riotous, and for a
time threatened the safety of at least one
dozen salaries, so active was Graves In
saying "$5 for you" and repeating it. like
a Winchester sputtering slugs.
All the fuss of the piece de deslstance
happened in the fourth inning. Eagan was
en the middle sack when Dunleavy hit a
hard one, running over first and- straight
toward second, but as the ball, was quick
ly returned to the infield Eagan did not
attempt to score. Dunleavy was sus
pended between first and second. Eagan on
tiptoe, ready to go home . whenever the
play fastened on the other side of the dia
mond sufficiently long to give him a
chance to score. Dunleavy was finally
tagged near second, but Graves claimed
that Croll, who was brought Into the
combination play, tripped him and so he
called Dunleavy safe. While Graves was
watching Dunleavy three or four Dudes
on the third base line would start home
every other second to bewilder the Angels
at work between first and second. This
furnished Morley with his first kick. The
second was for calling Dunleavy safe.
- Oakland 4, Los Angeles 2.
Manager Morley Glares at
the Man Behind the Gun,
and Crowd Yells.
Umpire Graves Grows
Hoarse Fining Recal- :
citrant Angels!
TEMPEST RAGES
AT BALL SAME
4
T i\
Meteor
Flashing across the sky— tho
dash of the . \> ',['. '/::.
California
Limited
as it rushes across the conti-
nent to Chicago. Leaves San
Francisco 9 a. in. Monday and
Thursday, arriving in Chi-
.^ H cago at 2:15 p. m. Thursday
and Sunday on tho
Santa Fe
for hunting. Once used always used. Ask
y°*£_^?u l "' o r circular or send to FISCHEB
& BENNETT, 420 Montgomery St.. San Fran-
ClSCO. 'SATURDAY,* AUGUST 24.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the - successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tido
of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except, when a
minus (—) sign precedes the helpht. and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference is
the mean of the lower low waters.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. Movements.
TO SAIL.
Robert Linehan broke a plate glass win
dow In the drug store of R. E. White, 1199
vOough street, and was arrested for mali
cious mischief. He was convicted ' by
Judge Conlan yesterday and sentenced to
pay a fine of $100, with the alternative of
fifty days in the County JalL
Broke Plate Glass Window.
The butcher shop'; of .John Nowland. ill
Sixth street,' was entered . by burglars
early yesterday morning/ The cash'regis
ter-.was; forced open and* $7 which 1 .It,con
tained stolen. The- burglars had climbed
over. the iron grating in front and the rest
was easy:;"; ?.¦:.-¦.- \-/.' - ' '. ¦ •¦', *.-' t;.-"'
Burglars , in Butcher; Shop.
'The steamer Umatilla sailed yesterday, for
Merchandise for British Columbia.
The British chip Tasmania cleared yester
day for Queenstown for orders with 22,631
ctl» wheat, valued at $22,600, 54,173 ctls barley,*
valued at 4S.TC0, and 31,000 feet lumber as dun
nage, valued at $485. ,
Shipment of Grain.
¦ ' 'CLEARED. - ' ' ¦
. ¦""./ •"'.Friday,, August 23.
Stmr ' Umatnia, Cousins, * Victoria; - Gobdall,"
PerlMns A Co.- ¦¦:,¦-• ¦ -.-
Stmr Aztec, Trask. ¦ Nanaimo: * P. M ' S - S '. Co. ¦
Br stmr Wellington, Sulmond, Ladysmith; II
Dunsmuir's ': Sens Co. ; ( ", .«v- - ;¦;/*
¦ - - Friday, August 23. '*
Stmr Leelanaw, Monroe, 15'/6 days from Pa
nama. ¦ . : ¦; ¦ • ¦¦¦ "¦-'..- : . ¦¦ ¦ ;
' Stmr Pomona. Shea, . 18 hours 'from Eureka:
Br ship Manydown, Evans, 166 days : from
Swansea. * ',..--'"¦
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
At. a meeting of the Board of Works
yesterday Secretaty Park ¦V'as authorized
to advertise for bids for the heating and
ventilating of the City Hall. A resolution
was adopted requiring three independent
bidders to bid . on work of urgent neces
sity costing less than S500.
Board of Works Meets.
The . police [were notified . yesterday that
an attempt had been made-to "o -ack" the
safo ; in* the office '.of . -Wempe Broth.- -s,
paper box manufacturers,. 121-127* Mission
slrtet: The* knob of the safe had" been
kne eked off, but. that was:all. ] Th.i draw
ers ; of ¦ av desk had been forced open, but
tl'trewas'nothing valuable in them. En
ttance to theplace had, been effected b\ r
forcing open the office door, with a jimmy/
Tried to ."Crack" a Safe.
The Supervisors' joint Committee on
Judiciary and • Buildings recommended
yesterday that the limitation on the
height of fire-proof buildings be fixed at
125 feet. For frame buildings the height
was restricted to 55 feet. The committee
declined to report in favor of making an
exception In the case of school and other
public buildings. This will cause more
trouble for the Board of Education, which
Intended to add another story to the Dud
ley Stone School building, making it 53
feet in height.
Height of Buildings Limited.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
' Shipping Merchants. -S[
The Repeat will load lumber at Grays Har
bor for Sallna. Cruz; the British steamer Bel
gian King, wheat and barley here for Europe,
38= sd - - -• ¦•-••-,. vasgaaatg
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
George P. Fey, passenger on the steam
ship Pomona, died suddenly at Broadway
wharf yesterday. He came here from Eu
reka and was not able to move when the
steamship docked. The cause of death
was heart disease.
The work of wrecking the May Flint is
Btill progressing. Over 1900 tons of coal
has been salved and the hull Is now being
broken up' for old iron.
The British ship Tasmanian cleared for
Europe yesterday. She Is the; first of the
grain fleet to clear since the strike be
gan.
The steamship Aztec has been brought
out of retirement and will go to Nanaimo,
B. C, to load coal for the Southern Pa
cific.
Water Front No£es.
FROM SEATTLE.
Golden Gate Council of the Young
Men's Institute gave a very pleasant so
cial ia headquarters last night, which
was attended by a large number of mem
bers of the order, including several who
were delegates to the recent session of
the Grand Council. There was dancing
and music and song in addition to con
gratulatory remarks. Those who contri
buted to the pleasure of the evening
were: Miss May Stein, P. J. Murphy,
John O'Brien, W. Lambert cf the Co
lumbian minstrels, M. Growney, Thomas
Horan and J. P. Scully. The speakers
were: L. E. Mahan, P. G. P.; T. W.
Kelly, G. D.. and J. D. Whalen, second
G. V. P. The affair was under the man
agement of A. Sullivan, president of the
council: Thomas Maroney, C. O'Brien.
M. P. Schrader. C. Healey and John F.
Keegan. :'¦?*<-
Golden Gate Council at Home.
Albert E. McPhee, engineer of the
steamship Asuncion, died in the Marine
Hospital yesterday morning from injuries
received last Monday by accidentally fall
ing into the hold. He was a native of
New York, "% years old.
Engineer McPhee Killed.
The collier 1 Empire, •which left here Aug
ust 19 for Coos Bay. broke her shaft off
Trinidad and was towed Into port. The
chances are that she will be loaded and
then towed to San Francisco for repairs.
The overdue schooner Volant has been
heard from at last. She left here for
Coos Bay July 29, and two days ago an
chored on! Huxnboldt bar. A tug was sent
out to her, but the captain hove up his
anchor and took advantage of a favorable
slant of wind before the steamship tug
reached him.
Two Vessels in Trouble.
The I United .JParlors of Native Daugh
ters and their friends make upa formid
able army. .< Last night was a sort of semi
official reunion,' and so successful that it
will be repeated before 'the end of the
summer. There were no speeches. v It was
just a case of : everybody out for a good
time. And they all. got it. •
The -natives were particularly • in evi
dence during, the vaudeville performance
given in the theater. The Daughters had
turned "-out in all their summery glorv.
They crowded the big theater .from stage
to doors and gave it the- appearance of a
huge flower' garden. ; There was little to
suggest; plant life, however, about the
applause- which deafened- the"" ear ¦: from
time to time, and still less in the stampede
for the grounds at the close of the per
formance. . '. " •• . — .
The "night at the Chutes" celebrated
last evening has been in contemplation
for some time and members of every one
of the fourteen local parlors have been
working hard to make it a success. . All
the parlors were represented last night.
Accompanying the Native Daughters was
a large sprinkling of Native Sons, and a
census taken of the native ¦ born would
have; discovered at least four thousand
"among those present" entltled'to call the
bear flag their/ own.
Tho grounds were specially illuminated
for the occasion. In spite of the fact that
the grounda were packed there was no un
comfortable crowding. Everybody was
out for a good time, -and even if it was
necessary to wait turns, at the switch
back, the Ferris wheel . and the chutes,
everybody was so- good natured that ther.e
was almost as much_fun in waiting as in
whirling through space to the accompani
ment ! of healthy California shrieks. : '«
The Native Daughters of the Golden
West were "at home" last night at the
Chutes. They took possession of the popu
lar resort and during •¦ the four or five
hours of their reign . kept every one of
the numerous amusement devices working
overtime. Had there been a dozen chutes,
they would have shot them all. '.}
Reunion at the Haight-Street-
Amusement Resort.
"United Parlors Have Semi-Official
Chief officers of steamships are having
a hard time of it just now. Not only
have they to put up with inexperienced
men in the forecastle, but they have also
to take the chances of getting a beating
every time they go uptown. The chief, of
ficer of the Gaelic is now laid up from a
thrashing he received on the corner of
Jones and Turk . streets, while the chief
officer of the Asuncion was held up on
East street. The latter managed to reach
his ship at Beale street, but the chief of
ficer of the Gas^ic is confined to a room in
an uptown hotel.
Two First Mates Beaten.
NATIVE DAUGHTERS HOLD
REVEL AT THE CHUTES
ASSOCIATED CHAB.ITXES
HOLD MONTHLY MEETING
Beports Show That Many "Worthy
People in Distress Save Been
Relieved.
There was a large attendance at the
monthly meeting of the Associated Char
ities of San Francisco yesterday. Reports
of the various officials were read showing
that the organization had done good work
in relieving; the distressed.
The registrar reported that twelve new
cases had been attended to and eight re
current cases were investigated. More
than twelve individuals who had applied
for charity were investigated and when
found worthy were given relief. Follow
ing are the officials of the society:
Oliver Eldridge, president; J. M. Burnett,
Charles Murdock, Osgood Putnam, vice presi
dents; S. W. Levy, treasurer; Miss Virginia
Fitch, general secretary; Mrs. William Hardy,
E. J. Bowen, Harold Wheeler. Mrs. C. Reeena
burger. Sire. Sylvain Weill, Mrs. Warren Greg
orv, G. C. Woodward. Mrs. G. H. Buckingham,
Mrs. M. "W. Klncaid, B. P. Flint, Miss Anna
Head, Dr. C.'V. Cross, Mrs. Thomas Cole. Mrs.
John Hays Hammond. Dr. Margaret Mahoney.
Henry X. Clement, Alfred B. Ford.
Miss Catherine C. Selton will act as
registrar after September 1.
The Leelanaw has aboard over 1600 tons
cf cargo, a considerable portion of which
is iron sheets and bars. She brought
twenty steerage passengers, some, of
whom are Chinese in transit for Hong
kong. Captain Mcnroe says the war be
tween Colombia and Venezuela is not af
fecting the Panama Railroad in any way.
The trains come and go as usual, and the
men on the steamship in the roadstead
know less about the war than the people
of San Francisco. The Leelanaw made
the run to San Francisco in fifteen days
twelve hours.
Brings Full Cargo of Eastern Freight
From the Isthmus. '
The Panama Railroad Company's Lee
lanaw arrived from Panama direct yes
.terday. She was not able to dock, owing
to the fact that the Argyll of the same
line is not yet discharged. Her passen
gers were landed in launches and the
steamship was anchored in the stream. It
will be several days before she can dock,
but once alongside there will be no diffi
culty in discharging her.
When Stanley started out on his trip
i'iv Lyons & Co. he was authorized by
fvegieken & Buckner to collect bills due
them by customers, and he was to be
allowed a commission on the amounts col
lected. The firm has ascertained that he
collected 5244 and apparently spent It all
during his exciting experiences in Covelo
En--' Ukiah. After returning to the city
el>out ten days ago Stanley stopped fit the
Grand Hotel, but he jrave up his room
there before he could be arrestel and no
tiace of him can now be found. It is sup
pcr-ed that he has left the State.
STAUXEY IS WANTED
FOE EMBEZZLEMENT
Cowboy Drummer Accused of Misap
propriating- Honey He Sad
Collected.
I-. H. Stanley, whose sensational experi
ence as a drummer for E. G. Lyons & Co.,
wholesale liquor merchants, in Mendocino
County xras detailed in last Thursday's
Call, is wanted by the police on a charge
ct felony embezzlement.
Yesterday Z. E. Buckner of the firm of
Seegrleken & Buckner, who sold out to
Lyons & Co,, secured a warrant from
Judge Cabaniss for the arrest of Stanley
tm the charge of embezzling $244 belonging
to them, and It was alleged that the
amount may be considerably larger.
Time Ball.
Branch HydrograpMc Office, U. S. N., Mer
¦ - chants'- ¦ Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
August 23,' 1301.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. ra.. ' Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. in charge.
Sun, Moon and * Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 23— Stmr St Paul,
from Southampton, for Cherbourg.
MOVILLE— Sailed Aus 23— Stmr Numldlan.
from Livernool, for Rlmouskl, Quebec and
Montreal.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Aug 23— Stmr Deutsch
land, from Hamburg and Southampton, for
New York.
HAVRE — Arrived Aug 23 — Stmr La Bre
tasne, from New York.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Auc 22— Stmr Numid
lan, ¦ for Montreal.
SANTA ROSALIA— Arrived prior to Aug 23—
Schr Kona, from Grays Harbor.
OYSTER HARBOR— Arrived Aug - 22— Nor
stmr Hcrda. from Guayaquil.
HAVRE— Sailed Aug 20— Fr bark Genevieve
MoMncs, for .
NEWCASTLE, Auf— Sailed Aug 22— Br bark
Hlncmoa, for San Francisco.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Aug 22— Er ship Eu
lorcene, hsnee April 13. ..—
MAZATLAN— Sailed Aug 22-Br stmr Palena,
for San Francisco.
GUAYMAS-Sailed Aus 22— Stmr Curacao,
for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Aug 22— Schr James
H Bruce, from Grays Harbor.
EUREKA— Arrived Ausr 23— Schr Eva. from
Apia; stmr Eureka, hence Aug 22.
Sailed Aug 23— Stmr Pasadena, for San
Pedro. s •¦;¦ ¦
POINT LOnOS— Fassed Aug 23. 2:30 pm—
Stmr Brunswick. 4:15 p m, stmr Santa Bar
bara, from Eureka, for San Pedro.
BALLARD- Sailed Aus 23— Ship Paramlta.
for Port Pirle. - - ; -^ ... -. ¦:¦ ¦:¦ - ¦ ¦-.- .... ,
SOUTH BEND— Arrived- Aug 23-Schr Roy
Somers. from San Pedro. ¦.,'•:¦
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Auk 83— Bktn
John Smith, from Honolulu.
SEATTLE— Sailed Aug 23— Stmr, City of
Putbla, for San Francisco, is ; '
Sailed Auk 23— U S stmr /Warren, for San
Francisco; stmr Farallon. for Skaguay.
DOGFISH BAY— Sailed Auar 23— Ship Colum
bia, for San Francisco. ¦ '
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Aug 23—11 B M stmr
Phaeton. "
¦ TACOMA— Sailed Aug 20-Schr Comet, for
San Pedro.
Domestic ports
POINT LOBOS, Aug 23. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind SW, velocity IS miles per. hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
EUREKA, Aug- .22— A tug went out on the
21st to schr Volante, which was becalmed and
anchored off port. She Afterwards proceeded
to destination, Coos k Bay. Sailed from San
Francisco July 29. } /
MISCELLANEOUS.
Aug 1. lat 7 N, Ion 22 W-Fr bark Gen Mol
linet, from Hamburg, for Oregon. . "
SPOKEN.
SAILED.
Friday, August 23.
Stmr Umatilla, Cousins, Victoria and Pucet
Sound. ¦ • i
fetrr.r Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Luella, Madsen. Caspar.
Br strnr Aztec. Trask, Nanalmo.
Br. stmr Buckingham. Cole, 4% days from
Nanaimo, via Victoria Z\' 2 days.
Ger stmr Anubis, Behrmann, Hamburg and
way ports. ' —
Schr Newark, Crangrle, Stewarts Point.-
Br shir Tasmania, Rohde, Queenstown;
W McNear. ¦ . •
THE LEELANAW AERIVES.
After discharging the Fremont "will go
Into retirement, and neither Captain Kel
ton nor his men will be heard from again
until next spring. In the meantime the
catch made by the barkentine of 177,003
fish will be a hard one -to beat for""years
to come. .
Prior to 1S77 the Fremont was a side
wheel steamer and ran between San Fran
cisco and Panama. She was called "pala
tial" in those days, but soon grew too
small for the trade. She was sold at auc
tion and Lynda & Hough of San Fran
cisco were the purchasers. That firm tore
her down to the lower frame. The en
gines and 'machinery were sold to other
parties and nothing of the Fremont was
left but a solid teak foundation. On that
the Fremont of to-day was built, and
now, after twenty-four years of service,
she is as tight and seaworthy as the day
she was first built. The Lynde & Hough
Company still own the vessel and think
as much of he.* as they did of the Jane
A. Kalkenberg-, lost under unusual circum
stances over a year ago. She was, caught
in a terrific storm off Flattery and' was ;
abandoned by the crew. Later she was
picked up and towed into Puget Sound.
Captain M. G. Kelton says that
her record of 5,000,000 fish caught during
the last twenty-four years cannot be beat
en on this coast. In actual figures, the
Fremont has landed in San Francisco
5.54G.000 codfish. These were all taken on
the Alaskan banks since 1S77, when the
barkentine "went Into commission. -
THE barkentine Fremont is the ban
ner ship of the eodfishlng fleet.
She is new discharging a cargo of
177,000 flsh at California City, and
For Samoa— 41 cs canned goods, 30 cs sal
mon, "60 lbs bread, 10 cs coal oil, 12 cs gro
ceries and provisions, 20 crs potatoes, 1 cr
onions. SIS lbs ham, 1 cr bicycles, 200 lbs lard.
20 bbls /flour, 1 cs drugs, 5600 ft lumber, 9
pkgs millwork.
For Australia— 6 cs dry goods, 6 cs drugs, 1
cs assay gocds.-~
For New Zealand— 100 era onions, 12 cs
hardware, 2 cs cigars, 1 bale dry goods.
In addition to cargo previously reported the
steamer Sonoma, which sailed Thursday for
Sydney and way ports, carried merchandise
for Australia valued at $2034; New Zealand,
$2197: Samoa, $694. The addition included the
following:
Additional Cargo.
14 cyls gas, 16 pkgs paints and oils, 117S lbs
coffee, 660 lbs chloride of lime, 54,650 lbs malt,
20 cs syrup of figs, 3 cyls ammonia, 51 pkgs
groceries und provisions, 2325 lbs meal, fil cs
arms and, ammunition, 11,650 lbs dried fruit,
10 pkgs raisins, SOCO lbs sulphur, 21 cs honey,
480 lbs hops, 20 cs hardware, 17 pkgs - dry
goods, 71 cs canned goods, tui pkgs paste, 250
bJls paper, 209 lbs ham, 1 pkg machinery,
1S92 pkes fruit, 3 pkgs vegetables, 30 sks
onions, 1S00 lbs salt, 10O0- lbs sugar, 387 gals
wine.
Victoria with a general cargo valued at $11,
209, including the following merchandise and
produce:
Lane also advises the Board of Works
that the eight-hour labor clause in the
charter governing city work is valid.
In answer to the Inquiry of the Board
of Supervisors respecting the steps neces
sary on the part of the city to annul the
contract with Gray Bros., street contrac
tors. Lane advises that if the firm is vio
lating the eight-hour provision of the
charter the contract should be treated as
void by act of the contractors, and a re
port of this conclusion made to the Board
of Public Works and the Auditor. -As the
charter does not state that a breach of
the contract will work a forfeiture thera
i? no other way of enforcing compliance
with such provisions as are therein con
tained except by treating: their breach as
a dissolution of the contract.
The Civil Service Commission has no
control over the extra employes author
ized by the Board of Supervisors to be
employed in county offices, according to
an opinion rendered yesterday by City
Attorney Lane. Such offices have the ap
pointment of their regular deputies free
from civil service rules. If they are al
lowed an additional deputy such deputy
would be appointed without reference to
civil service rules.
Regarding the Extra Deputies
in County Offices.
City Attorney Benders an Opinion
BARKEXTINK; FREMONT THAT HAS MADE A NEW RECORD THIS SEASON FOR THE CODFISHING FLEET.
DURING HER TERM OF SERVICE IN BERING SEA SHE HAS BROUGHT OVER FIVE MILLION FISH TO
SAN FRANCISCO FOR THE LYNDE & HOUGH COMPANY. '. '
CIVIL SERVICE BOARD
HAS NO JURISDICTION
And so. Gentlemen. I rejoice in thla crpat
decision of the Supremo Court that the framers
of the constitution must have intended that
this country shouM not come forth born as a
cripple into the family of nations, but ths>t
she should possess all the essential attributes
of sovereignty- which would enable her to
govern her . possessions according to the host
interests of the American people and subject
only to thoFC prohibitive provisions of the con
stitution' which guarantee protection against
Interference vrlth natural rights.
One • hundred years ago the Supreme Court
of the United States said that contempora
neous construction, especially when long ac
qulescrd in,. was very strons, if not controlling,
with reference to the provisions of the con
stitution. In Insurance Company vs. Cauler.
Chief- Justice Marshall expressly left open the
question whether any act of Congress was
necessary to incorporate the inhabitants of
newly acquired, territory. For 100 years we
have acted upon the theory that such act of
Conprress was necessary, that the imposition
of different rates of duty was not in violation
of ,tha constitution, and In our Civil War we
stamper] out the heresy that the constitution
followed the flac. . * ;
From the time of the Louisiana purchase," In
1803, down to the treaty of Spain in 189S. the
treaty-making power of the Government has
exercised* the right to deal as it saw nr^with
the status of the inhabitants of ceded terri
tory, and. as Justice Brown says in his opinion,
the statutes passed in pursuance of the "Louis
iana purchase show the view'of Congress that
a discrimination "in favor of foreign vessels
trading with the ports of a newly acquired ter
ritory is^ no violation of the clause of the
constitution that declares that no preference
shall be given to the ports of one State over
those of another. The same practical con
struction was put upon the constitution in the
case of the purchase of Florida and in the an
nexation of Hawaii.
•The annual dinner to-night was attend
ed by most of the members of the associa
tion in the city. A large number ol toa3t3
were responded to. W. U. Hensel of Penn
sylvania was toastmaster. The most nota
ble" response was by Judge William K.
Townsend of the United States District
Court, New Haven, Conn., who originally
decided the Porto' Rican tariff cases, the
decision on which by the Supreme Court
has caused so much comment. He said in
part:
The action of the general council favor-
Ing a constitutional amendment admitting
women to membership was indorsed. After
a brief address by President-elect Rose
the convention adjourned sine die.' The
executive committee in the afternoon de
cided that the next meeting of the asso
ciation shall be held in Saratoga, N. Y.,
on August 27, 28 and 29, 1902. . ;
Tfie linal meeting of the section of legal
education of the American Bar Associa
tion was held this afternoon. The follow
ing officers were elected for the coming
year: President, E. W. Hoffcut of New
"Vork; secretary. Charles M. Hepburn of
OhiQ. . .
Vice; presidents— Alaska,, J. "W. " Price ; Ari
zona, John C. Herndon; Arkansas, James F.
Read; California, Charles Monroe; Colorado,
Moses Hallett; Connecticut," Washington F.
Willcox; Delaware, George Gray; District of
Columbia, Melville Church; Florida, John C.
Avery; Georgia, Burton Smith; 'Idaho, William
W. Wood; Illinois, Adolph Moses; Indian Ter
ritory, L. C. Jackson; Indiana, Samuel O.
Pickens; Iowa, J. O. Crosby; Kansas, Charles
B. Smith; Kentucky, ."Sterling B. Toney;
Louisiana, Ernest B. Kruttschnitt; Maine, L.
A. Emery;. Maryland, S. D. Schmucker; Mas
sachusetts, • M. F.-' Dickinson Jr.; Michigan,
George P. Wanty; Minnesota, F. V. Brown;
Mississippi," C. B. Howry; Missouri, Charles
Clallin Allen; Montana, John W: Cotter; Ne
braska, Eleazer Wakeley; New Hampshire, O.
E. Branoh; New Jersey, Charles -Boscherling;
New Mexico, T. B. Catron; New York, Walter
S.. Logan; North Carolina, John L. Brldgers;
North Dakota, James H. Bosard; Ohio, Henry
C- Ranney; Oregon, Charles H. Carey; Penn
sylvania, W. W. Hensley; Rhode Island, James
Tillinghast; South Carolina, George Lamb
Buist; South Dakota, Smith Bartlett Tripp;
Tennessee, James S. Pitcher; Texas, Robert
G.-West; Utah. P. I. Williams; Vermont, va
cant; Virginia, W. . A. Glasgow Jr. ; 'Washing-'
ton, George M. Forster; West Virginia, W. H.
Hubbard; Wisconsin, W. P. Bartlett; Wyom
ing, John A. Rlner.
President, U. . M. Rose, Little Rock; secre
tary, John-. Hinkley, Baltimore; treasurer,
Francis Rawle, Philadelphia; executive com
mittee, U. M. Rose (president, ex-offlclo), Ed
mund Wetmore- (retiring president, ex-offlclo),
John Hinkley - (secretary, ex-offleio), Francis
Rawle •- (treasurer, ex-offlclo), "William A.
Ketcham of Indianapolis, Henry St. George
Tucker, of Lexington, Ky., Charles F. Llbby
of -Portland, Me.,' Rodney A. Mercur of To
wanda, Pa. , James Hagerman of St. Louis,
Mo. ..
"' DENVER, Aug. 23.— The American Bar
Association concluded the business of the
main .. organization at to-day's session.
The educational branch held a meeting
this afternoon, and the annual dinner was
given at the Brown Palace Hotel to-night.
The. general council reported the nomina
tions-this niorning-and all the nominees
were unanimously elected. They are as
follows: ¦ '- - .
The 6trlke. however, rendered the pres
ence of the officer imperative in another
section of the city and several days ago
he was removed. The cottage was left
unwatched once more and the firebugr was
not slow to take advantage of that fact.
He visited the place yesterday morning
about 4:30 o'clock and started a blase,
•which with the aid of a little coal oil
eoon destroyed the structure.
The bulldingr has not been kept in a
habitable condition by its owner for sev
eral years and it is not a serious loss to
the neighborhood. Its destruction is rather
a relief as the neighbors feared that some
one of the many fires started In »it might
cause a general conflagration.
The Fire Department has been called
out so many times to extinguish blazes
discovered m the cottage that Fire Mar
shal Towe had a policeman armed with a
ehotg-un detailed to watch the place. £5x
weeks ago was the occasion of the fifth
blaze and up to within a few days ago an
officer has been stationed in the cellar of
the old building watching in vain for the
reappearance of the incendiary. The pres
ence of the officer was evidently known
to the person or persons interested in the
destruction of the ramshackle affair, for
no attempts were made to apply the torch
while he was on watch.
The sixth attempt made by firebugs to
destroy the unoccupied Price cottage,
¦which for u. number of years has stood
on Manchester street off Folsom on the
Bernal Heights, proved a success. All
that now remains of the building is a
mass of cinders.
Is Concluded by a
Banquet.
Session of the Organization
Neighbors Greatly Relieved
by the Destruction of
the Shanty/*
American Bar Associa
y tion Names Officers
at Denver.
Sixth Attempt to Burn
the Building Proves
Successful.
NOTED LAWYERS
ARE HONORED
PRICE COTTAGE
NOW IN ASHES
THE S4N FKANCISCO CALL; SATURDAY, AUGUST 24, 1901.
She Has Brought More Than Five Million of the Finny Tribe to San
Francisco During Past Twenty-Four Years and Wound , Up
This Season With Large" Haul— Leelanaw Arrives From Panama
BARKENTINE FREMONT IS A RECORD
BREAKER AT CATCHING CODFISH
5
Sunrises
Sun sets
Moon sets ..;..... 0:13 i
!6:5l
„ m.
ITlmel TIme| Tlme| |Time|
Date I 1 Ft. 1 Ft. 1 Ft. I
IL. V> r | H W I L. W IH W!
24 ~. 1:12 0.6 8:24 4.1 12:46 3.2 6:51
25 ... 2:00 0.3 9:11 4.3 1'4S 3.0 7:47
26 ... 2:« 0.0 9:50 4.6 2:3« 2.7 8:40
27- .'. 3:22 — 0.1 10:27 4.9 3:22 . 2.2 9:31
28... 4:05—0.1 11:00 5.1 4:05 1.8 10:20
29...'. 4:43 0.0 11:30 5.3 4:54 - 1.4 11:10
30... 5:24 0.2 12:00 5.4 5:41 1.0|
Ft.
5.2
5.3
5.4
5.6
6.7
5.7
I
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports lAug. 24
Washtenaw.... Tacoma Aug. 24
Mandalay Coquillo River Aug. 24
Warren Seattle Aug. "5
San Jose Panj.ma & Way Ports. Aug. 25
St. Paul.; Nome & St. Michael... Aug. 23
Eureka Humboldt Aug. 25
Empire Coos Bay Aug. 27
Hongkong Mar China and Japan Aug. 27
Marlposa ..' Honolulu ' Aug. "i
Palena Valparaiso & Way Pts. Aug. 2ti
Arcata Coos Bay Aug. 28
Pomona Humboldt Aug. 28
South Portland Coos Bay Aug. 29
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports..... Auk. 29
Guatemala Valparaiso & Way Pts Aug. 29
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 2U
Point Arena... Point Arena Aug. 30
Curacao Mexican Ports Aug. 31
Serapis.. Hamburg & Way Ports|Sept. 1
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Oregon.' Nome and Teller.. ..... Auk. 24
Humboldt...... Skaguay & .Way Ports. Auk. 21
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 25
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Ptg Aug. 25
Dolphin........ Skaguay.ft Way Ports. Aug. 2<>
Portland Nome and St. Michael. Aug. 2S
Roanoke........ Nome and St. Michael. Aug. 27
Nome City..... Nome and Teller. Aug. 27
City of Seattle Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 28
PlriRo PkaKuay & Way Ports: Aug. 2S
Senator.' I Nome direct '....;..... ..(Aug. 29
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Ancrust 24.
Arcata Coos Bay ..
Bonlta... Seattle ". '..
North Fork.. Humboldt
Ausrnst 25.
Santa Rosa.. San. Diego & Wayi
Pomona. Humboldt
Arsyll.. ...... N. Y: via Panama.
AuKD't i 2O.
Point Arena.. Point Arena
AnvruRt 27.
San Pedro.... Humbojdt
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma..
Kureka Humboldt ....'......
Neko S. Amer & Europe
Gaelic: China & Japan.....
- AtiNTUHt 2S.
City Puebla> Puget Sound Ports.
San Juan Panama & 'Way...
" 1 Atift'HMt 151. ¦
Mariposa Honolulu
September 1.
St. Paul : INome & St Michael
4 pm|
4 pm
9 am
9 am
1:30 p
2 pm
2 pm
10 ami
10 ami
9 am!
12 mj
I 1 Pm
Pier 13
Pier »
[Pier' 2
Pier 11
Pier 9
Pier. 10
Pier 2
I - ¦ .¦¦
I ¦ ¦¦ ';.--«<
Pier J
Pier 7
Pier U
Pier 27
PMSS
11 am
12 . m
Pier 9
PMSS
-
2 pm
iPier. 7
I
I 2 pm
I Pier 34
Sunrises
Sun sets
Moon sets ..;..... 0:13 i
!6:5l
„ m.
ITlmel TIme| Tlme| |Time|
Date I 1 Ft. 1 Ft. 1 Ft. I
IL. V> r | H W I L. W IH W!
24 ~. 1:12 0.6 8:24 4.1 12:46 3.2 6:51
25 ... 2:00 0.3 9:11 4.3 1'4S 3.0 7:47
26 ... 2:« 0.0 9:50 4.6 2:3« 2.7 8:40
27- .'. 3:22 — 0.1 10:27 4.9 3:22 . 2.2 9:31
28... 4:05—0.1 11:00 5.1 4:05 1.8 10:20
29...'. 4:43 0.0 11:30 5.3 4:54 - 1.4 11:10
30... 5:24 0.2 12:00 5.4 5:41 1.0|
Ft.
5.2
5.3
5.4
5.6
6.7
5.7
I
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports lAug. 24
Washtenaw.... Tacoma Aug. 24
Mandalay Coquillo River Aug. 24
Warren Seattle Aug. "5
San Jose Panj.ma & Way Ports. Aug. 25
St. Paul.; Nome & St. Michael... Aug. 23
Eureka Humboldt Aug. 25
Empire Coos Bay Aug. 27
Hongkong Mar China and Japan Aug. 27
Marlposa ..' Honolulu ' Aug. "i
Palena Valparaiso & Way Pts. Aug. 2ti
Arcata Coos Bay Aug. 28
Pomona Humboldt Aug. 28
South Portland Coos Bay Aug. 29
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports..... Auk. 29
Guatemala Valparaiso & Way Pts Aug. 29
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 2U
Point Arena... Point Arena Aug. 30
Curacao Mexican Ports Aug. 31
Serapis.. Hamburg & Way Ports|Sept. 1
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Oregon.' Nome and Teller.. ..... Auk. 24
Humboldt...... Skaguay & .Way Ports. Auk. 21
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 25
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Ptg Aug. 25
Dolphin........ Skaguay.ft Way Ports. Aug. 2<>
Portland Nome and St. Michael. Aug. 2S
Roanoke........ Nome and St. Michael. Aug. 27
Nome City..... Nome and Teller. Aug. 27
City of Seattle Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 28
PlriRo PkaKuay & Way Ports: Aug. 2S
Senator.' I Nome direct '....;..... ..(Aug. 29
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Ancrust 24.
Arcata Coos Bay ..
Bonlta... Seattle ". '..
North Fork.. Humboldt
Ausrnst 25.
Santa Rosa.. San. Diego & Wayi
Pomona. Humboldt
Arsyll.. ...... N. Y: via Panama.
AuKD't i 2O.
Point Arena.. Point Arena
AnvruRt 27.
San Pedro.... Humbojdt
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma..
Kureka Humboldt ....'......
Neko S. Amer & Europe
Gaelic: China & Japan.....
- AtiNTUHt 2S.
City Puebla> Puget Sound Ports.
San Juan Panama & 'Way...
" 1 Atift'HMt 151. ¦
Mariposa Honolulu
September 1.
St. Paul : INome & St Michael
4 pm|
4 pm
9 am
9 am
1:30 p
2 pm
2 pm
10 ami
10 ami
9 am!
12 mj
I 1 Pm
Pier 13
Pier »
[Pier' 2
Pier 11
Pier 9
Pier. 10
Pier 2
I - ¦ .¦¦
I ¦ ¦¦ ';.--«<
Pier J
Pier 7
Pier U
Pier 27
PMSS
11 am
12 . m
Pier 9
PMSS
-
2 pm
iPier. 7
I
I 2 pm
I Pier 34
BAJL-WA-g TBAVEL
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
J»lu> |wm*« mimI mtrm an* i» nrrlf* m*
MAN rUANCIMIO.
(U»!n Lino, Foot of Uuket Sti(«k) _
KKATB — FROU JCLT Ii. 1901. . — ARRIT*
~iOUa Benlci*. Sulsun. JUmiis »nd 8»cr»- -
m«m(o ......a..... *:2^T
7»00* Vacaillle, Wiotsri, Eumsej 7x33»
1 iS.Ua. Martiiifti. S»n Uainnii, Vallejo. N*r»,
Cs.listo(j» aud 8»ut» Rosa ' V:S3p
8:«OA Daria. Woodland. Knig&U Laadlag.
MwysTille. t»ofllla.. ?tS»»
SiOOt AMaatic Kxpren— Ogden aod Eut 18:23p
Hi""* Klles, Lstbrop, Stockton ?i»4p
SiOOANilea. Mendota. Hanfcrd. VUftUa,
Porttrrille 4«53»
•<S*A Rhasta Express— DmTis, WiUiama f for
Bartlett Springs), Willows. Ked
Bluff. Poitiana. 7i33p
>;4Oa 8a» .)ds«, Lit ermore, Utocktoii,
lone. Hsersinnnui, Plaeerrillek
Mnrjutille. Chioti. Kail Itluff 4t*9r
, liro* Oakdmle, Chinese (Yciemite). «o-
' ' oom, Oartxrs <:J-1»
»iI»Oa Harwsrd. Mlrt and Way Stations.. 1 Ii»»a
•••©A VaJleJo litiaSw
•j««»a Los Aogeles Express — Martinm.
Tracy. Latlirop. Htocktoa. Meioed
Vrssno and Loa Angeles ?i23»
•iSOA TaJI«}n. MarMnez ami W»y Stations 7iS.1v
I«:OOa The Overlaud Limited— Ogdao. Don- V
ter, Omaha. Chictun •iflSp
t ItWOp Sacramento Ulfer Hte»iii«rs {•1iOi»a '
SsSOp Hay ward. Nllrs aod Way HUtlona.. 7:35r
#.»»r Ueulcla. Winters. MaoramautOk
Womllaud. K night* L*udl»«. .
/¦¦ .- MnriSTllle, OtotIIIq l»:33»
4iO«r Martiuex, Hail lUmoii, Vallejo,
Niipa, <)i»li«tn«a. SmiUllora rtia.%^
4>OOp Niles, Llreruiore, Stotkton. Lodi... lS:23p
4ia»p Hayward.Nlles.8an Joso. Llvennoro t*:-is*
«:3i»r Port Cos's^ Tracy. Latbrop. Stockton Io.i»3i
I:««r Tbo Owl IJmtted— riosuo, Tularo,
BakersUolcl, Hangns (or Saiit* Bv
b»ra, Loa Anxeles 9iO3*
¦iVOp Martin*!!. Aotioch. Stockton. Mer-
ced. Fresno l*:23r
•<««p Yosemlt« ta<a3#
ItUrSn Orleans Express— Mendota, ......
Fresco. BakeriUeld. Loa Angeles.
Iteming. El Paao. New Orleans
•od E«8t 7s85&
•t««p Hayoaid. Nilea and Saia Jos»....... ?iS3a
t«iOOr Vr1!«]i> I I:2S%
SiOdr Oriental Mall — Oarden. Cbeyennew
Omaha, Chicago 12:23*
•tOOp Oriental fttail— Ogdeo. Denver,
8t Louia. ChicHgu. 4tSa»
Vi#9p Oregon and California Kxi>ress.Mao>
»»ientu. M»rr»tll!e. Un.Mlne.
l'ortu,,.l. I'ngot Hoiiiul aiMl Kass 9:3.1*
liMrStn Pablo, I'.irt Costa. Martiaes
x- and Way HtaUoua 11:23a
jgtoap Vullfjo ?;»¦->?
COAST Iil.NE (Narron ti****).
(Foot ,,t Market Street.) __i_'",-
' t7>43* Santa Crui ElxcursioD to dantn Cnri "
and Prino<pal Way Stations JSiO3»
•iIAa Newark. »;«iitrr»lll^..i»ii.)os«,Kp!toii.
• liouliler Creak. iSaiita Cruz untl Way
bUUum »•»•»•
t«>Ur Newark, OntArtlil*. San Jose, N«w
Alaiailnu. Koltois Ibmlder Ureok.
Santa Cn» and rrluclpal Way
8utiou« l»i»«U
4il3r> Newark. Hao .To«». I.o* Gatos t ¦*:><>*
¦ «4»13p Qlenwood.Bonlder Creek, Santa Crn« «»i3o»
! OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
! *»¦ 811 fU JCISCO—rwi *f lUriil Strm (Slip 8)—
T7-.16 WOO 11:00*. M. 1:33 3:00 6:13p.««.
riMOHUIB— r.«».lil»««s.j._ tH:O0 tS:OO 13:09
10:00 ».M. 12:00 8:03 i:C3r.M. ¦
COAST LiING inroad Manse).
. (Third and Townsemi SU.)
«•!«« San Joeeand Way HUtiooa....^.... «i3»*
t7:OO« Ktn Join »ml >Vn| bbitinna ti.tttr
/7:«»* New Almariet / «•!«»
{7i3Ua Baoday Ezenrsion for San Jtt».
Paota Cruz. Psci.io Groro and
Prbdpal Way Stations. I*«3»»
•¦••a Han Jua*. UoUiater. KhuU Crux.
Pneiila Urota. baiinaa. ban Lois
Obispo, Santa Barbai% ami PTtn-
olpal lutennedUte Htatlons ?!»•*•>
ICHSwa Ban Joae and Way Stations. 6:8vp
IIiSHa Han Joss ami Way HUtloi ftiUwP
1»i«»» 8an Mateo, Uedwooii, .V-nlo Park.
Pslo Alto. Santa Clara. Man .li>s«.
HolWster. Santa Crux. Balluaa.
Moutereyaml Paollte Drove tl»i43»
«i*Or San Jose, Tree Pinos, Santa Cms,
PadflO Ototb and Way Stations 4s I At
ttllftr San Jose ami Principal Way Stations »i4*a
iftiOOpSan Jos«. Los Gatos and Principal .
WaySUtions f»:«O»
SiSOp Ban Jose ami Principal Wai Stations »:»«*
•ittOp Bedwood, Han Jo»», Gilmy. Salinas, -
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles 10:03*
8:.t»p San Joae an<i Way Mtatiuna t»:<>»»
«lli-l3r San Joae ami Way Stations ?;3»r
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
? Sumlay eicetited. 1 5*uiid»r only. C.
« Saturday only. t Mond«y.
« Sfttnidaj an I Sunday. / Taeadiys and Frfdajs.
CHIFORBU HOBTHmSTEM KT. Ca
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PAC1F1&
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburen Ferry. Foot of Market S*.
San Fr»ancisco tu San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip.
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 ?. m. - -
SUNDAYS-8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
5:C0, 6:20 > m.
ban Raia-rl to Son Francisco.
WEEK DATS— 6:10. 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.: 12:45.
3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and C.35 p. m. IV.'..
SUr«DAYS-8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 3:40.
5:05, -6:25 j. m. ¦
Leave I In Effect I Arrive ¦ *!
San Franclaco. | April 28. 1901. | San Francisco. •
Week I Sun- I | Sun- I V/cek
Days. I days. [ Destination. . days. \ Days.
7-30 ami 8:00 ami - Novato. |13:4Oam 8.40 am >
3:30 pml 9:30 ami Fetaluma. I 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm| 5:00 pmf Santa Rosa. | 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
| 5:00 pm HealdsbursT, 10:40 am
I Lytton,
Geyservllle,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pml. Hopland 110:40 am|10.25 am
3:30 pml 8:00 am| and Ukiah. | 7:35 pm| fi:20 pm
7:30 am 110:40 amllO:25 am '
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm|
S:30pm 5:00 pm j 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami Sonoma . I 9:15 ami 8:40 am
I / [ and 1 i
6:10 pml 5:00 pm| Glen Ellen. \ 6:05 pm( 6:20 pm.
7:30 am) S:CO am) 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pmf 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulnhur Springs; at Fulton
for Altniria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan-
Springs, Klehland Springs. Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Ba$, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside. .Lierley's, Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville. Orr's Hot
Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Brass. West-
port. Usal. Willits. Laytonville. Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates, . -
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael, at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
buUdins.
H. C. WHITING. R- X. RYAN. .
Gen. Manuager. Gen. Paas a Agt.
GREAT NORTHERN RAILWAY.
COOL "AND DUSTLESS.
Daily Palace and Tourist Sleepers.
Dining Car. Meals a la Cart*. ¦
Library Observation Car.
REDUCED ROUND TRIP RATES TO
EASTERN POINTS.
. . E. 8. BLAIR. Gen. Agt.. 833 Market it.
~ — ~ — ; — ~ - . :
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KE.4UNY ST.' Established
in JS34 for the treatment of Prlvnta .
Diaf-ise*. I<o»t Manhood. Debility or
disease weariozon body and-wiind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cores -when
others fait. Try him. rhargres low. .
CHrraconrnnlrrd. CallorwriUh
Dr. jf.r.^QSON.tiiui Francisco, Cal, _ .
-shJ!T_- sr . * .frAriiMii- ¦¦ fun Ti I i sill i isMftiiii-ttfc ¦¦*« iflJiiisss Jfs»MrtlsffT»
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ONE THOUSAND MEN
WANTEDI
iSAILORS,
i SXE\/EDORES,
LABORERS.
Steady employment
and good wages if work
is satisfactory.
Apply
LUMBER DEALERS' ASSN.,
209 Examiner BIdg.
\ ...
¦I GOHORSKBA AND URINARY ~ DISCHARGES
§XX$3t*v ¦ *W^««sPCKfeJBB^Q^^K^HL h _y
lTM JIT i * ii Tl M I i sssss^>ll^j5**Tr^ssfsBr v
A CURE IN 48 HOURS.
visit DR. JORDAN'S great A
\ HUSEUM OF ANflTOim
A gj 1051 MASZXT ST. tat. 6:k *7i. S.F.Cil. A
\ Xuf ' - The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
A i^^w.— World. Weaknesses ut any craiitictcrt A
V fl&r yjjg *»ea<e pt»«iU»»-ly «-nr«J ny the oldest T
9 J^E v"41 Specialist on the Coa^c Est. 36 years- Q
A &V0\ DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ 1 fTjHftffl Consultation free and strictly private. \
A B jKV* H Treatment prrsonaily or by l-tter. A n
. Y H JjF Si If Positive Curt in every case tsndertaken. Y
AFlf lift Write for noofc. PUII-OSOl-nYof A
"II I" JK*nnlA€JE. MAILED FREE. (AJ
X (1 )L - valuable book for m^n) . \
Y I>R. JORDAN AVO.. 1051 M.-iritPt St.. P. F. V
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
iS A GREAT RESTORATIVE,: 1NVIGORA-
tor and. Nervine. - ..¦ . ¦
The most wonderfu!' aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
' The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
. NAB1SR. ALFS & BRUNE, Agents,
323 Market st., S. F.— (Send for. Circulars.)
HAIL WAT TRAVEL.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'dlOvrl'd Local
Daily j • Dally Daily -
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
- " Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:13 a 9:11 p
" Fresno...'. 2:03 p 2:33 p 3:03 a 10:30 p
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:0S a
•': Visalia... 3:40 p 4:48 a
" Bakrsfleld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a ..:
, '• Kan City 2:40 a 7:30 a
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
•9 a.~ m. train -:is the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday -only,
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car run*
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class
tickets honored on thi* train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
daily. - •¦-."¦¦ " ; '
8-00 p m Is the Overland Express with
through" Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining. Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m.
dally
7:20 a.' m.' is Bakersfleld Local, stopping at
all points in San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
Office*— C41 Market Ftreet and In Ferry .
Der-ot.San Francisco: 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land ] ¦ ¦ ' "ii " '
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto F«rry. .
Commencing April -28,: 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
= •- • AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55. 8:30. *9:30, 11:00. a. m..
12"45 *1:45. 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. *6:15. 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays. Saturdays
aid Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. *9:90. »10:00, 11:00, 11:30
a m.. 12:45. *l:30. 2:30..- •3:43, 5:00, 6:00. 7:30
p! m. - 11:00 a..m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays. • - ¦ • O.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK- DAYS— »5:25. 6:27.- 7:47. 8:35. • 10:15
a m..*12:2T>. 1:15." 2:20, '3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS- on' Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m.
: SUNDAYS— 6:13. »8:00. 9:43. •! 1 :00 a. m., «12
m.. 1:00, 2:15, *3:30, 4:30. »5:43. 6:45. 7:30. 10:10
P 'Trains marked (*) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLTCY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45, 6:43, 7:53. 8:55. 10:33
a. m.. 12:33. 1:45. 2:45. 3:50. 5:10. 5:20«p. m.
. EXTRA TRIPS on '"Mondays. "Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:35-. r 8:00. 10:0T,. 11:10 a.-.m.. 12:15.
1:20 2:30 3:43. K:00..B:15. 7:15. 10:30 p. m.
¦-./. • , THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta-
tlonr. .'¦ - ¦ ¦' ¦' i ¦ ¦ '-fi-y^- ¦ v-.-j
3:15 p. -m. , Saturdays— Caiadero and way sta-
tions, -vf / ¦:-'•'¦:' -•• • ¦ .-;-':-'. - . .
5:15p.>m;.weelc.days eicepted)—
Tomales and way : stations. -
8:00- a.', m. -' Sundays— Cazadero and 'way- sta-
tions.' ' : ' • : ' . 1 * ¦ ' . .
. 10 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta-
tion«. "' ¦"'.. '-.' - : " •;''•" -¦' ."* , : / .<.:.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAJLWAY
' Tls SsASSjlw retry— Fast <rf Harkal St. ' * ' "
8KMA.U.1 ••'• ".« : -X\ ; 12:WP. U.
9*0 a. it. ¦. : 1:15 p.m.
- 1OK» a; m; I' : gnvDATa . 'ZJSOr.u.
U50 a. M. /••••.?•BO«DAT»....... < . 4:S0 r . „,
lHOr.u. , ' . . b-Jtor. u.
2-JO P. M.'j ' ¦*/-¦' SsSSKi* ' 7:10 w. if'-
,- . rsr». Su rn«ln» to Ruststn sa41orara.il. t* .
Ticket Offices. f>2\ Market St., & SaqsaUto Perry,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
.'¦Poffoot- Health
Is : within the reach of almost every
woman. The weakness, nervousness
and irritability from which so many
women suffer is in general due to dis-
ease of the delicate womanly organism.
When the disease 'is cured the general
health.is re-established.'
; Doctor Fierce's Favorite Prescription
makes weak . women strong and sick
women - .well. • It ' promotes regularity,
dries disagreeable and enfeebling drains,
heals inflammation and ulceration and
cures female weakness. When these
diseases arc cured, headache, backache,
nervousness and weakness are cured also.
| «I was very weak and nervous when I com-
menced taking Dr. Pieree's Favorite Prescrip-
' tion and 'Golden Medical Discovery,' about a
year ago," writes Mrs. M. E. Everetts, of 89
.Oxford Street. Woodstock, Ont. "I had been
suffering for seven longf months, and had taken
medicine, from a : physician all the time, but it
•seemed -"to make me- feel much worse.". My.
stomach was so bad (so my doctor told me), and
my 'nerves were in such a state that I would :
start' at- the least, noise. _ I felt irritable at all
times ; was not able to do any of my own house-
work ;lhad to keep help all the time. -How I
suffered God and myself alone know. I was
greatly discouraged when ' I commenced taking
vour.medicii* •"•¦». but the first bottle seemed to
help me. /- 1 took five bottles of -.' Favorite Pre-
scription,' two of • Golden ' Medical Discovery,'
also two vials of - Dr.' Pierte's Pleasapt Pellets.
I can '.highly recommend these medicines to all
I who suffer ."is I did. 1 1 never had better health
"than I-now'riijoy, and it is all owing to Dr.
Pierce's medicines.". - .. ¦ . ¦. ¦
Hr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, in paper covers, is sent free on
receipt" of-' 2 1 one-cent stamps to pay
expense of mailing only. Address Dr.
.R.V. Pierct, Buffalo, N. Y...';
<ea " CH!GHESTEFV3 CKfiUEH > •
MiVBOY^t PILLS
B ' •«<Ck* > v." v ' *" ' Original und Only Oeaoliio.
w-f »^fe- > V\8AI i 'K. A1»»»tj rrli&hln Ladle>. sik Draprrlrl
&.« G&j&J '»' CIIXCIIESTEU'S KKGIXSH
Ui''^ii*'-Jsl^t\ la KE1» and tiold metnlllc boxei. Haled
"12^ -~?|W/J with bine ribbon. Take no other. Xlcfnuo
> 1?1 *?"» l»«n«cr««a 8nl»Utut(o<in and Imlta.
"I f:~ fff tl<m«. ', Buy ef yonr Dniggltt. or xmrt 4e. la
I ¦»• '.. «f. "IWM l*>rP«rtJciilnrn, Te»tl«i«»lmU,
\."B* T : S? "•»:<* "PJcllrffir Lndlc*," i-K Utter, b/ ro-
. _J/ Lr turn MbII. 1 «».O«O Teatlmoniali. 8->ld b»
;.-„¦ •> \- »« Drusgl.ui. - Chlohcutor <heralc»l C«^
Kcatloa this paper. - HnHaos. bnnmrv, TUlUL. l*i.
' "I.;; -_¦'- . _',¦,,¦ ; . ¦ . ; -¦_'_,,.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY."
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of
VoFy sicaU And as oasv : -
to take as sugar. . . . **
' 8EE IWKTEI&pSKI:" see
GENUINE flVSl ™"Sm«. ' GENUINE
M pj[£$ FOR C0MST1PATI0K. %
WRAPPPR H M " FOR SALLOW SKIPS. WRAPPFR
WttA^tK IJJLgai [FOR THECOMPLEXIOH "" Arrtn
, GBTVUIMX: MUSTHAV«SU»HATURC«
25 Cents I Vtxrety *Veget&b\e./Gv0*~^C*T*<6
"FRIISTTEX) ON" REID PAPER." - .Stops Diarrhoea and Stomach Cramps Dp
SieBart'o Genulce Imported Ansostura Bitters.'
The man who is in love is never totally
uponTq^ 1633 aU Ws love *&«&"?
upon liquor.
TAPE ; WORM-A. : S., C. S., Santa Cruz.
Cal. The following, is! what- Is called .the
pumpkin * seedj preparation : f orj the 'expul
sion of .tape worm. ' "Take' twcTounces" of
pumpkin; seeds; peel and pound' to afpaste
It is now announced that if France have war with
Turkey the Russians will take a hand in it, and it may
be added there are others.
Special information supplied dailv te
business houses and - public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont'
gomery street. Telephone Main 104' •
GROUND : SQUIRRELS^M. N., Hop
land, ; Cal. -There are ;a' number. of "meth
ods" to be had . from dealers ln horticul
tural goods ' that are ,sald : to ; be sure
exterminators of, squirrels, but the most
effective is . a shotgun . in ' the - hands of , a
man who knows how to use it. ' J
-Selling out. Best eyeglasses, specs lOc te
40c. 81 4th st.. front of barber and grocery.'
. HANDICAPPING-J. ,L., City. Dealers
in sporting . publications have for sale
books that It is said give methods of han
dicapping horse races so as to enable one
to "hold up percentage of wins day after
day." This ; department does not know
anything of . the value of such methods,
but It does know that any number of men
grown gray ln the endeavor to devise
,what.you seek, "the most practical meth
od of: handicapping horse races; 1. e., the
method .which comes nearest to holding up
its percentage of wins day after day— a
simple,^ quick method," and they have not
yet succeeded.~-$gMM
It is reported that the trial spins of Shamrock II
off New York have been satisfactory, while those of
the Constitution have been unsatisfactory, so it looks
as if Sir Thomas might manage to lift the cup and
give us a surprise party.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.'
Choice candles. Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
-PASSENGER TRAINS— J.H., City. The
first passenger train, in i Europe was. that
run between" Darlington ; and ' Stockton.
England, In 1825. The first passenger train
in the, United, States was that run between
Charleston and Hamburg, S. C, in the lat
ter part of 1830. J ¦ : .
There has been discovered in Jersey City a man
who has been advertising to furnish doctors with the
degree of M. D. for $10, with the further inducement
that to those who apply early there will be given a
degree of LL. D. gratis.
, CIVIL SERVICE— M. E. A. W., City.
By : "civil service examination" is meant
an examination into the qualifications of
applicants for positions ln the civil ser
vice of the government, the successful ap
plicant^ being appointed for life or good
behavior. . • ¦
ROACHES-A. O. S., Vallejo, Cal. It is
said that borax is one of the best roach
exterminators. There is something pecu
liar, either in the smell or, touch of borax
which is certain death to them. They will
flee in terror from it and\ never appear
again where it has been placed. It also
has the great advantage of being perfect
ly harmless to human beings, hence there
is no danger from poisoning. The borax
should be pulverized and sprinkled about
the infested places. Paris green will ex
terminate, cockroaches, but Jt should be
used with great caution, as it is very pois
onous. '
The recent session of Parliament is pronounced by
British critics to have been the dullest in the history
of more than a hundred years; it not only transacted
very little business, but it had no lively debates and
only one or two minoi ructions with the Irish mem
bers. > . V- , '
BUFFALO TO ALBANY— J. H., City.
For information ln relation to the date of
the first passenger car over the New York
Central between Buffalo ; and Albany ad
dress a letter of 'inquiry to the informa
tion department of the railroad named.
A New England man fasted thirty daysTto' get rid
of indigestion, and then as soon as he resumed eating
found the thing had stayed with him right along just
waiting for a chance to :how itself. It might now be
worth his while to try what would be the effect of
over-eating for thirty days.
NATIVE SONS— N. S. G. W., City. As
this department has not an index of
articles that have, appeared in the paper
named - in letter of inquiry, suggest > that
you' communicate, with that' paper in
relation to the article in question. ~.'~-'\
NEW YORK, Aug. 23.— ihe following
Californians are in New York: From San
Francisco^-G. Holden and F. J. Holden. at
the Everett; K. Hooper, at the Navarre;
A. J. Scherzer, at the Hoffman; D. K.
Night, at the Marlborough; Mrs. Burr, at
the Imperial; J. Delavalle. at the Cadil
lac; C. A. Hitchcock, at the Cosmopoll
t'an; C. E. Thurston, at the Astor.
with one ounce of sugar; then add by
degrees eight fluid ounces of water. The
whole . to be taken in two or three
draughts, at* short intervals, fasting."
Californians in New York.
SMUT IN WHEAT— M. t N., Hopland.
Cal. Smut in wheat is a fungus that may
be destroyed by the use of bluestone. For
information as to its application address
a communication to the State Board of
Horticulture, Sacramento, Cal.
LUXEMBERG— H. T., Cleone, Cal.
Luxemburg is not under the control of
Emperor Wilhelm or the German Govern
ment. It is a grand duchy of Europe that
Is governed under a special constitution
by the King of the Netherlands.
VIRGINIA has on. hand a constitutional con
vention engaged in framing a new fundamental
law for the State. The present constitution
was the product of reconstruction times following
the. Civil War, though it was the work of the Vir
ginia people, aided by such immigrants as Gilbert C.
Walker, who became Governor of the State. . Doubt
less if fails to be a perfect instrument and is /sus
ceptible of improvement, and doubtless it will not be
as. much improved upon as it might or ought to be.
One pr6position made by the convention will at
tract general attention. It is to declare the instru
ment -it frames to be the constitution of Virginia
without submitting it to a vote of the people. We
are not aware that this has ever been done before in
any American State. The direct interest of* the
people in their fundamental law has been universally
recognized, and no State constitution has been put
in force without the expressed will of the people who
were to live under it. •
The direct power of the people over their funda
mental hiw has been affirmed in notable instances.
In apology" for this proposed Virginia plan it is noted
that the present constitution does; not provide that a
new instrument to supplant it shall be\ submitted to
the .people. It is doubtful, however, if such omis
sion can deprive the people of a primitive right;
\ .The old of New, York' declared its own
perpetuity. But the people, disregarding the attempt
of one.generation of citizens to limit; the rights of
another,- called a convention ami piadea new .con-,
stitution.-i This affirmation of the indestructibility of
a primitive right necessary to civil liberty has
regarded as a precedent: , ' ; ;\.,
It is passing strange that the -Democratic party of
Virginia, which last year, indorsed 'a platform which
declared for the ; initiative and referendum, and the
reference of all statutes ; to direct vote of the" people,
should now. propose : to .deny to the ,' people the high
est form of the referendum. by" forbidding their action'
upon a constitution' which is' the source and founda
tion of all statute law. '
THE VIRGINIA PLAN.
FRUIT TREES-M. N., Hopland. Cal.
It is said that an application of whale oil
to young fruit trees will prevent rabbits
from gnawing the bark. Seed stores have
a number of preparations to protect the
bark of trees from rabbit bites.
BURRO— C. M. G., Davenport, Wash.
Burro is the Spanish name for donkey.
There is no particular history of the don
key except that from thp earliest'. days it
has been known as an inferior little horse.
The professors of the University of Chicago assert
they did not say the foolish things attributed to them,
but the Chicago papers reassert they did, and there
seems no way to 'arbitrate the thing. . '
TECHNICAL SCHOOLS— A. J. R., Pa
cific Grove. Cal., The names of manual
training and technical schools ln San
Francisco were published in this depart
ment 'August 1, 1901.
MARRIAGE BUREAU— Y.* M.. City.
This department is not aware that there
are any marriage bureaus in San Francis
co, and if there were it could not adver
tise them.
MILES— E. J.vC, City. The geographical
or nautical mile is 6080.27 feet and the
statute mile in the United States and
Great Britain Is 5280 feet. ' ,
MAYOR SANDERSON— H. H., Calis
toga, Cal. George R. Sanderson .was
Mi.yor of San Francisco in 1891 and 1S92.
"You don't seem to learn swimming
very fast."
. "No." ' .
"But the men all seem very willing to
teach you.".,
"Exactly; that's why I don't learn."—
Brooklyn Ldte.-Xgggf
Jack— Well, then, since you have broken
off the engagement, suppose you give ma
back the ring. >
Julia— Eh— you see. Jack, er— Mr. De
Trow— I've become very much attached tc
this ring; it just suits me. So when Toro
Getthere proposed last night I told him
I didn't want a new ring, but that he
could see you and pay you what this cost
you.— Philadelphia Press.
Aunt Emma— Well, Mary, I haven't seen
you for a long time. I hear that you have
a little sister at your house. I suppose
she cries- sometimes.
Little Mary-Cries? Well. I should say
she does! Why, I never saw any one that
appeared to look on the dark side of thinga
as she does!— Puck.
•Now, ma, you know I'm anxious to
make an impression on those New York
people. Bring me the coal oil can. I want
to perfume my clothes." *
"With coal oil! Mercy, child, what do
you mean?"
"Why, I want 'em to think we «wn an
automobile."— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
"Now, let me see! We've got the parlor
furniture, the bedroom suites and the
kitchen outfit. Is there anything else?"
Said the prospective bride.
"Why. you have no library," said tha
girl's mother.
"Oh, never mind that now, mamma! I'll
write to Mr. Carnegie after we're married
about that."— Tonkers Statesman.
Mrs. A.— You are looking so well!
Mrs. Z.— Yes; and I attribute my good
health to the raw food diet.
Mrs. A.— And do you really eat raw
food?
Mrs. Z.— No. but my husband does, and
I don t have to swelter over hot fires
cooking for hlm.-Philadelphia Record
"I understand that young man who
calls on you." said old- Mr. Straitla«
wants to become an actor"
rtnZ 6 ?;,' £ eP l led hi3 falr dau *hter. "he
fi h " a PP«aring before the foot
"Humph! The next time he calla you'd
better warn him to think of disappearing
before the foot Hghts."-Catholic Stan
dard and Times.
It is the Kansas idea that Missouri la
i* rn g f£ eat £ hances ln Paying for rain.
From the Kansas standpoint Missouri
should never do anything that would at
tract the Lord's attention.-Kansas City
Journal. ; .. ¦. J
Mrs. Mary Fischer of San Diego, who
has been visiting her son. Charles F.
Fischer, in Oakland, will leave for her
home next Sunday. Mrs. Fischer is one of
the pioneers of California and is quite
active in promoting charitable work in
San Diego.
J. E. Stubbs, a well-known educator of
Nevada and brother of J. C. Stubbs, traf
fic manager of the Harriman system, is
at the Occidental, accompanied by his
wife.
• Dr. Robert Fischer, an eminent Ger
man physician, is at the Palace, where
he registered yesterday from Vienna.
Professor R. E. Allardyce and H. C.
Nash, librarian of Stanford University,
are registered at the California.
J. N. Dolph, a wealthy business man of
Portland, Or., is among the late arrivals
at the Grand.
M. Ruffe and M. Nabeth, young Italian
gentlemen traveling for pleasure, are at
the Palace. " »: c
C. D. Barnett of Santa Rosa Is at the
Lick.
A. H. Halbird of Los Angeles is at the
Palace. •
F. Payne, U. S. N., is a guest at. the
Occidental.
P. McRae, a well-known contractor of
Hanford, Is at th« Lick.
B. U. Steinman is down from Sacra
mento and is at the Palace.
Otto G. Never, a popular hotel man of
Paso Robles, Is at the Palace.
E. H. Cox, the Madera banker and capi
talist, is, a guest at the Palace.
A. Chilberg, a wealthy merchant of Se
ottle, Is registered at the Grand.
NOT CATALOGUED— F. F. M., City. A
dime of 1851 is not catalogued as a pre
mium coin. - r 'i ."
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Despite the emphatic manner in which h&'asserts
the coming growth of Canada and the advantages in
the way of virgin soil which the Dominion offers to
settlers, the Canadian statesman does not fail to see
the disadvantage' which confronts the Canadian in
the way of a lack of markets when compared with the
magnificent home market possessed by the" farmer in
the United States. -- His plea therefore/is for reci
procity. Of the alternative proposition—annexa
tion — he says: "To the American mind the question
of annexation, when considering Canadian niatters;1is
generally in view, and the advantages to be derived
from commercial and political union seem to him to
be so obvious that surprise is felt that the ? Canadian
does not see the matter in the same light. The Amer
ican realizes the advantages that. have been derived
fronl : ""restricted free trade between all the (States of
the American Union- since the constitution ; was
It is clear that by her connection with Great Britain
instead of with the United States, Canada is handi
capped in many ways. While every section of this
country is progressing by leaps and bounds, the older
provinces of the Dominion lag behind and make
comparatively little giowth. The only cheering re
sult they have obtained from the census is a demon
stration of the growth of the Western provinces,
where a considerable number of American farmers
and cattlemen have settled. From that fact they are
drawing the conclusion that the tide of migration be
tween Canada and the United States, is on the. turn,
and that hereafter more Americans will migrate to
the Dominion than Canadians to this country.
__One of the more hopeful of the Canadian states
men, the Hon. John Charlton, member of Parliament
and of the Anglo-American Joint High Commission,
has recently declared a conviction that the disparity
now existing between the two countries will rapidly
diminish in the future. He says: "In the Canadian
Northwest is situated the.greatest undeveloped wheat
region of the world, where at least 250,000,000 acres
are adapted to the growth of that cereal and where
only 2,000,000 acres are now under cultivation. Al
ready the tide of immigration has begun to flow into
this region from the United States, and the move
ment must rapidly gain momentum, for Canada alone
possesses great stretches of virgin soil inviting, the
occupation of the pioneer settler." . ,
The census does not, show that drift of population
toward large cities which is so marked a characteristic
of the development of the United States and of the
principal countries of Europe. In Canada the largest
city is Montreal, with a population of 266,826.
Toronto has 207,971. No other city in the Dominion
has a population reaching 100,000," and only three-
Quebec, Ottawa and Hamilton — have populations ex
ceeding 50,000. The increase of population has not
been so .large as sanguine Canadians expected,' and
their attention is once more directed to the emigra
tion of young Canadians to the United States. '
BY the first official bulletin of the Canadian
census, it appears the total population of the
Dominion is 5,338,883, an increase of 505.644
over the census of 1S91. The population of the prov
inces is as follows: British Columbia, 190,000; Mani
toba, 246,464; New Brunswick, 331,093; Nova Scotia,
459,116; Ontario, 2,167,979; Prince Edward Island,
103.258; Quebec, 1,620,974; Territories, 145,000; un
organized Territories, 75,000.
CANADA AND HER TRADE.
The military authorities, as we have said, are al
ready on the lookout for a new site. It is gratifying
that it is so, and it is to be hoped they will not con
tent themselves with a temporary expedient. The
Pacific is to be the scene of great military as well as
commercial activity in the future, and in the course
of ye^rs the number of soldiers who are to be buried
here will be very large. Therefore the new national
cemetery should be planned on . a spacious scale,
worthy of the nation and of its army. The Presidio,
however, is not the place for it. That is for the liv
ing, not for the dead. r'-.V-:
The issue is one that should be at once called to
the attention of the authorities at Washington. Two
years is not a long time, and Governments move
slowly. If when the present cemetery ground at the
Presidio is filled there be not another cemetery pro
vided there is danger that an easy way out of the
situation may be found by adding a few acres more to
the site now occupied. Against that danger we must
guard.
It is evident that the republic needs on this coast
a large and spacious national cemetery wherein to
lay the bodies of her soldiers who die in her service.
That cemetery, however, should not be within the
limits of San Francisco nor of any other city. The
civilized world has now advanced so far in science
as to perceive that serious evils result from the burial
of the dead near the homes of the living. We have
found it necessary to take steps to prevent further
burials in the local cemeteries that are under control
of the city authorities, and every argument that was
validvin support of that action is equally valid against
the establishment of a large national cemetery at the
Presidio.
SAN FRANCISCO has a good deal of interest
in the National Cemetery at the Presidio.
The ground set apart for the burial of the dead
at the reservation is rapidly filling up. The site con
tains fifteen and a half acres, and 3250 former sol
diers are lying there in their last sleep. It is esti
mated that vvithin two years there will be room for
no more, and the army authorities are already con
sidering where they shall look for additional bury-'
ing ground.
One of the effects of wireless telegraphy has been
to give Nantucket a place in the news of the day
that is hardly less important than that of a strategic
point in a campaign. The world is beginning to
learn that Nantucket is on the map and has an up
to-date news service.
BURIALS AT THE PRESIDIO.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
.- 1 Into 2 equals 2. • . •
This means that 2 is twice greater than 1. Any sane man
will admit that. It follows that it is necessary to use the same
-process to determine how much greater is four-fourths than
three-fourths. In short, divide thus:
3-4ths into 4-4ths equals 1 1-3.
Represent the process in decimals, thus:
.75 into 1.00 equals 1.331-3. ,»"
thir^ireS {oan'ttr^f S5S' to ™- to ™** «¦ «• «* one-
Since none can see the flaws in his own solution of th«
Pr™,* 1^ 11 * seems as lf X he xnatter mus * be submitted to the
United States Supreme Court, with instructions to apply the
new constitution-making power to arithmetic. d PP'y me
The following: argument Is that of a newspaper writer:
To. find how much greater four-fourths Is than three
fourths, it is necessary, to return to first principles. If you
want to know how much greater 2 is than 1, you divide thus
2 divided by 1 equals 2. • V : '
a divided by 3a equals l-3d.
The secant! figures were submitted to the first expert, who
said he could see readily enough how tha other's mistake had
been made. >-^i . •
A banker proved. that four-fourths was one-fourth greater
than three-fourths by simple subtraction, thus:
4-4ths minus 3-4ths equals l-4th.
Proof: 3-4ths plus l-4th equals 4-4ths.
Nobody can question the accuracy of the above figures.
However, here is a computation by a professor of mathemat
ics that proves just as conclusively that four-fourths Is one
third greater than three-fourths:
3a plus a equals 4a.
"You don't need to prove it," said the expert accountant.
"If you have three quarters and I give you one quarter, then
you have four quarters, or a dollar. Any one can see that.
That proves that four-fourths is one-fourth greater than three
fourths."
"How do you prove it?" he was asked.
SATURDAY. .AUGUST -24, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. ;
AAdrees AH Comsscnicatioas to W. 8. LEASE, M*n»g»r. -
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Press 204
PUBLICATION OFFICE. .Market nnd Third, S. V.
Telephone Press 2O1. :r.-J ¦-• •
EDITORIAL ROOMS..... 217 to 221 Stevenuon St.
Telephone 1 Preas 202./,* jr^ ; . ,. '
Delivered by Carrier*, IS Cents Per Week.
Slnple Copies. 5 Cents.
Terms l»j- Mall, Including Pontage:
DAILY CAL.L. tincluding Sunday), one year ..."..' $1.00
DAIX.T CAlA, (Including Sunday), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL. (Including Sunday). 3 months 150
DAILY CALL— By Single Month '•'. ,65c
SUNDAY CALL One Year ; 1-50
WEEKLY CALL One Year 1-00
All postmaster* are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mail subscribers In ordering change of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS Jn order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request./
OAKL.l.VO OFFICE .' 111S ; Broadvrny
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Mtttptr rcrtiffn AfrertiFiccr. Btrquette Building. Chleijp.
(Lonr Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
XETV TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOX Herald Sqnfire
SEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH. 3O ' .'Hnne Bniiains
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -A stcrla Hotel; A. Brentano. ,31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorium HoteL
WASHIXGTOX (». C> OFFICE. . . . 1400 G St.. K. W.
JIORTOX E. CRA>E, Correspondent.
BRA.XCH OFFICES — 327 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
ortil S:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
MoAHlrter. open until 9:30 o'clock. 613 Larkin. open until
»:30 o'clock. 1911 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until S o'clock. 306 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
'•©rner Twrnty-s«eecnd and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
2200 Finraore, cr>en until 9. a. m.
. But if the books of the Clearing-house should by any pos
sible chance get tangled up because of some error in arithme
tic perhaps another expert accountant might be sent over to
show the employes of the Clearing-house where they had made
a mistake. Desiring to get the latter' s figures O. K.'d by the
expert, the reporter went 'to the office of the latter and asked
him, "How much greater is four-fourths than three-fourths?"
"Why, one-fourth greater, of course," with a look at the
reporter.
HOW much greater than three-fourths is four-fourths?
This is not a joke; it is a very serious problem.
Indeed, it is so very serious -that a duel is to be
fought at Saranac Lake to settle the question. A re
porter who went about New York asking per
sons to solve the example started so many fierce disputes and
prospective flst fights that in the interests of public peace and
quiet it seemed best to quit. •
"Oh, that's easy," some men said. But it is not easy.
An army officer decided that four-fourths was one-fourth
greater than three-fourths, and now he will have to fight with
pistols at thirty paces to prove it.
In the belief that the best practical mathematicians are
found in business life, a reporter went to the head center, the
Clearing-house-, to put a stop to the argument.
An official answered at once, "Why, of course four-fourths
is one-third greater than three-fourths."
He adds columns of six figures as readily as he adds coir
umns of one figure, "and ne ought to know what he is talking
about. This is the way he proves that four-fourths !s one
third larger than three-fourths:
4-4ths minus 3-4ths equals l-4th.
3-4ths divided by i-4th equals 3.1
l-4th is therefore l-3d of 3-4ths.
. 4-4ths is l-3d greater than-3-4ths Q. E. D.
Proof: 3-4ths plus (l-3d of 3-4ths) equals 4-4ths.
That, ought. to make it _perfectly, plain to everybody that
four-fourths is one-third greater than three-fourths. ¦-!/ r \~-\ ,-
HERE IS THE VERY LATEST PROBLEM IN ARITHMETIC
THAT IS JUST NOW AGITATING THE WHOLE COUNTRY
DR. IMMANUEL PFEIFFER of Boston, who several
days ago finished a thirty days\_fast, during which he
ate nothing and drank only water, declares he did not
have the least unpleasant feeling during the month he
went without food, and that he slept every night. He
undertook the fast in the interest of science and made notes
of his condition from day to day. He lost twenty-six pounds.
For hjs first meal Dr. Pfeiffer had two plates of soup, con-
slating- of boiled barley, squash and potatoes, six poached
eggs, six slices of whole wheat bread, three baked potatoes,
two ears of corn and a pint of raspberries with a pint of
cream. After eating: all this he did not feel as if he had had
more than a glas3 of water, and when a friend brought In
two sandwiches, three doughnuts, two pears, two peaches and
three plums he -disposed of the additional food without ex
periencing any sensation of having eaten much.
PICTURES SHOWING HOW DR. IMMANUEL. PFEIFFKR LOOKED BEFORE AND AFTER HIS FAST OF A
MONTH, WHICH LEFT HIM TWENTY-SIX POUNDS LIGHTER AND GAVE HIM AT ITS CONCLUSION A
MOST REMARKABLE APPETITE. i-':^'
One of the lands in which the French have ex
pended a good deal of their efforts at imperialism is
Madagascar. Thus far, however, they have accom
plished little beyond the military conquest of the
country; There has been no French migration to the
island, and, indeed, the people seem to care very
little about profiting by the' acquisition their Gov
ernment has attained for them at such an expense
of blood and treasure. In order to make some profit
out of the venture it is now* proposed that French
soldiers after serving in thejsland shall be induced
to remain and take up landiC thus becoming perma
nent settlers, and as a means of furthering the scheme
French women are to be encouraged to emigrate to
become the wives of the settlers.
It is reported that the plan was originally recom
mended by General Gallieni, who is t in command at
Madagascar. Soldiers are sent to 'the island for a
three years' service, but all who will consent to take
lands and cultivate them are to be exempt from ser
vice in the ranks aftei two years. The soldier has
the right of selecting for his farm any vacant land he
chooses/and the Government feeds and clothes him
for a year just as if he were still serving with the
colors. The inducements have .been sufficient, it is
said, to bring about a considerable and
it is believed that many more would accept if only
wives could be furnishedas well as' farms. It is for
that reason the scheme for promoting an emigration
of women is under consideration.
It is difficult to discover a single good reason
for this imperial activity on-the part of the French.
Their country, so far from being over populated, is
actually falling behind the rest of Western Europe in
that respect. They have no surplus of workers clam
oring for land and the right to labor. They have no
money to spare, for they are deeply in debt and the
burden of taxation'is onerous upon every class in the
community. They have entered upon colonization
in Madagascar as in Cochin China, seemingly for no
other reason than that of a desire to emulate the
British. In the pursuit of that foolish policy they
have unjustly waged war upon the natives of Mada
gascar and China, have forced thousands of. .strong
young men" who are needed at home to follow the
flag in those far-off adventures, have bribed them to
consent to settle in those remote lands and are now
trying to induce French women to. follow the men.
It would be difficult to conceive to what greater ab
surdity imperialism could be carried, even were a
government in the hands of madmen.
FOR, years past the leaders of France have, been
perplexed by the stagnation of the population.
While British, Germans and Italians are multi
plying around them, the French make hardly any in
crease at. all; in numbers.. Some of their authorities
take such gloomy views": of the situation as to con
clude that the race" has no future, that it is dying out
and 'that the soil of France will pass Unto the hands
of a more fruitful people. Even while" confronting
such a. probability as that, however, the .modern
spirit of colonization and imperial aggrandizement
has so affected the French leaders that: it is now se
riously proposed to' encourage the emigration of the
people and thus further diminish the population at
home. I
A FOOLISH IMPERIALISM.
It is said the undertakers and livery men of Chicago
have combined and so raised the cost of funerals that
any Chicago man who is not a pork-packer will have
to leave town to die. .',-•'¦'
Our members of Congress would be rendering
their State good service if they would communicate
at once with the Interior Department upon this sub
ject, urgently requesting withdrawal of all timber
land from entry by scrip or otherwise.
This is, a pressing matter. It is easily seen that if
scrippers :have their way in a brief time there will be
no forest to reserve, for all will have passed into pri
vate ownership with no restraint upon its final ex- ;
tinction.
The law could easily provide trained foresters to
supervise such lands, just as the laws of Maryland
and Virginia provide experts to compel the owners
or lessees of oyster beds to respect the necessities
of reproduction in the use of their property.
We make this suggestion for the eye of the Secre
tary of the Interior in the hope that existing law will
permit the withdrawal of all forest land from entry
at once, or that in default of such' authority it
will be conferred upon him by Congress at the com
ing session. Any one who has passed part of this
summer in the mountains of California will appre
ciate-the dire and distressing need of doing some
thing, and all that State and nation can do, to pre
serve, protect and care for the timber that we have
left. The fires have been awfully destructive. They
have swept public and private lands indiscriminately.
They have started in lumbered sections, on railroad
right of way, from the recklessness of tramps and
campers, and the sheer deviltry of forest incendiaries.
In some sections they have, by destruction of build
ings, admonished residents and settlers of their in
terest in preventing forest arson, and everywhere
they have pitifully stricken and wantonly wasted the
State's most precious endowment. It will be seen
that when forest land passes into private ownership
under such regulations as we have suggested, with
forfeiture of title as to the penalty of their non
observance, every forest owner under such condi
tions becomes a forest warden, for his own interest
guarding growing timber from harm.
The Federal Government' should withdraw all
forest land still on the public domain from entry and
private ownership. Enough has passed : now by
patent to materially deplete the timbered area of the
country, and not another acre should pass out of
Government 'control until the law regulates its. use
so. as to preserve it as forest land and. forfeit the
patent for violation of the regulations. Henceforth
every man who buys timber land should be subject
to official and expert oversight in harvesting the mer
chantable timber. He should be compelled to leave
standing all trees below a certain diameter, and to
clear the limbs and refuse of* his cutting so as to
safeguard against. fire. •
.This is a great inequality and a greater error/in
asmuch as- it is a capital error to permit any timber
filing at all. .
THE Record-Union says that one man filed scrip
on 2000 acres of fine timber at the Sacramento
Land Office last week, and remarks that this
is a commentary on our land laws, which permit one
man able to buy scrip to file on unlimited acreage of
timber while a man who is without money to secure
scrip is limited to a quarter section and submits to a
soul-searching ipvestigation as to his intention to
live on the land.
IN THE INTEREST OF SCIENCE
BOSTON PHYSICIAN FASTS A MONTH
GOBBLING TIMBER.
Having thus relegated annexation to the domain
of abstract questions/Mr. Charlton renews the well
worn arguments of Canadian statesmen designed to
convince us that it would be profitable to us to open
our markets to Canadians on the principle' of reci
procity. . ' It happens, however, that Canada with her
population of less than 6,000,000, has no market that
offers anything like a fair exchange to the immense
market that would open to her were bur protective
tariff set aside hi her favor. If Mr.' Charlton is right
that the future is to show a lessened disparity be
tween the two countries, the time may come when
reciprocity could.be arranged on fair terms, but at
present Canada has noth'ing to offer us that would be
a reasonable inducement to us to accept what she is
pleased to call "reciprocity."
framed. ". He thinks, i and reasonably so; that the ex
tension of the same system to Canada would result
in material advantages equally great. *The Canadian,
however, has ; no obj ect lesson to- lead - him ".;'. to the
same conclusion. , With him it is an " abstract ques
tion."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY,; AUGUST , 24, 1901.'
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Central — '"Men and Women."
Tlvoli— "Barber of SevlIJe."
California— "Barbara Frlctchie." '
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Columbia — "Lady Huntwortb'B Experimen*. . ".
Alcazar — "•Silver-Mounted Harness."
Grand Opera-house — "Brother Officers."
Olympla, corner Ma?on and Eddy streets— Specialties.
' Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
•venlnz.
Fischer" *— Vaudeville.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Futro Baths— Swimming.
Ringllnr Bros.' Circus— Folsom and Sixteenth streets, nest
Monday.
State Fair and HxposItlOTi. Sacramento — September 2 to 14.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LSAYIKG T0W5 FOR THE SDMER.
Call •abnciiberi contemplating? n. change ©I
Tet-ider.ee darlngr the summer months can barn
their paper forwarded by mall to tbelr neir
addresses by nollfyinsr The Call Business Office.
Thin prificr Trill also be an sale at all summer
resorts aud 1m represented by a local afrcmt la
Ml toTriic on the coa»t.Southern Pacific . now sells ten-ride ; In
dividual commutation tickets between Sari
Francisco and Coast line points to and in
cluding San Jose. Inquire ofagents/:
Ten-Ride Tickets on the Coast lane.
BALTIMORE,' Aug. 23.— John H. : Butler
a negro, was hanged in the Jailyard here
to-day. Butler killed his. wife La vina last
October by striking herewith a. cobble
stone. He has always denied his guilt. -
Negro'J Hanged for a Murder.
WILLITS, Aug. 23.-The Willits X-Ray,
published^ by J. S. Bartholemew, has sus
pended and the plant will be shipped to
San Francisco and stored. Bartholemew
formerly published a paper in Guerneville
but a few months ago moved his plant to
Wlllits. Shortly, afterward the town was
destroyed by lire and the X-Ray office
was among those burned. A. new plant
was procured and the paper has been
published the last few weeks in a tent
but the field proved unprofitable.' '
Willits Newspaper Suspends.
. WILLIAMSBURG, Ky. p Aug. 23.— News
has Just reached here of a bloody battle
in the eastern part of the county, twenty
miles from here, in which Jake Logan
end his two sons and two Wilson broth
ers were killed by West Mays and GeorKe
Golden in a quarrel over domestic trou
bles. A posse has left for the scene to
make arrests and to bury the dead as
the neighbors are afraid to go to them.
burg as Result of a Family
Quarrel.
Five Men Are Killed Near ¦Williams-
FIERCE BATTLE ENDS
LIVES OF KENTUCKIANS
Ex-Soldier Missing.
Charles Nichols, recently discharg-ed
from the Forty-seventh Volunteer Infan
try and residing: at 741- Central avenue,
has been missing since Monday. His wife
cannot account for his absence and Is al
most crazed with grief. He is 28 yea.rs
old. Blender and of medium height, dark
complexioned, and when last seen wore a
suit of faded black clothes.
Library Association Sleets.
The Library Association of California
held its regular meeting last night at the
Free Public Library, Charles S. Greene
presiding. Frederick J.- Tegrgrert spoke on
ancient Greek libraries and Joy Llchten-
Ftein on the library and the practical
man. George T. Clark spoke on Carne
cie's gift to San Francisco, i
Eeception to Bunde3 President
Captain F. A. Kuhls is to be tendered a
reception by his fellow marksmen in the
Elntracht Rifle Section and by the Vereia
Eintracht at Eintracht Hall, 237 Twelfth
Etreet, next Saturday night in honor of
his efficient and successful service as
president of the Bun4es shoot.
Lyall was the Inventor of what Is known
as the positive motion loom, which large
ly revolutionized the manufacture of cot
ton goods; a cap press for compressing
the cotton on the shuttles, and various
Improvements and devices ¦which are used
in the cotton goods industry-
NEW YORK. Aug. 23.— James W. Lyall,
aged €3 years, a wealthy manufacturer
of cotton goods, was found dead to-day
in the bathtub at his home ln this city.
The gas was turned on. It Is believed
he was overcome with weakness and fell
striking the gas Jet with his arm and
turning it on.
"WEALTHY MA2JTJFACTTJSEB,
FOUND DEAD IN BATHTUB
The affray took place near the corner
of Montana and Park streets shortly after
7 o'clock this morning. The parties were
walking together, when Kimball drew a
revolver and began shooting at the wo
man. Yechout then drew his pistol and
shot Kimball. The Kimballs had not been
living happily together. Some days ago
the wife left her husband. It is believed
Kimball meant to kill his wife and then
himself. : >
BUTTE, Mont, Aug. 23.— As the result
of a family quarrel John C. Klmball is
dead, his wife Gussie is in the hospital
with a bullet wound In her cheek an-3
Frank Yechout, the father of the woman,
is in Jail charged with doing a part of the
shooting.
vent the Murder of a
Woman.
SHOOTS THE HTTSBAUT)
ON A STREET IN BtTTTE
Montana Man Kills a Friend to Pre-
The man is not insane and talks ration
ally on all nubjects, but he is firmly con
vinced that the; Lord's will is that he re
frain ¦ from V eating -what he calls "Jail
food." because the maintenance of oris
ons Is not in accordance with the Dlan-?
of the Creator. -Already: he -.is growtnj
gaunt and his hollow cheeks and starin"
eyes give evidence • of . the suffering his
martydom Is causing him. He gives no
sign of relenting. ¦*•- ..
At_ first his refusal to eat was regarded
as the whim of a man who believed him
l elf^ t0 « b f un^ stI / c °ndemned and con
fined. But as the days have gone by -it Is
evident that he is in earnest hi his self
imposed ¦ fast and is willing to , ciit a
martyr rather than relinquish one iota of
™ 3 ; convictions. He spends his time in
the jail 'reading .his: Bible and praving
earnestly for the forgiveness of 'tbosi
who have wronged him.
ASTORIA, Aug. 23—Because he be
lieves that the laws of the State of Ore
gon are in conflict with the divine laws
Fred Hartman. a member of the Salva
tion Army corps of this city, has, during
the four days of his incarceration in the
County Jail, refused to eat a morsel of
fooa. He declares that he will continue
to fast until his sentence expires, three
"! k ' ll | n «! and that if it is the will of
?ept his fate. P Sh in - PriS0n he w111 ac "
* H^ rtn ? an ™, a 5 tried 'in the local court
for fishing without the license necessary
under- the laws of the State When
called upon to plead he refused to an"
swer the charge, saying that it was Tcnn
trary to divine law that a man should be
made to pay tribute for taking from tht
th V o er Af 00 vht hat * ad , b een placed theTe by
the Almighty. A plea of not guilty was
entered in^his behalf and when the evi
dence of Deputy Fish Warden Bult man
was concluded the jury returnprt « wr
diet of guilty and a sentence of $fo and
costs imposed. In default of the
cash Hartman was taken to the County
Special Dispatch to The- Call.
It is because of the poverty of the vic
tims of the gang that the secret service
men have been stimulated to , the utmost
in order to secure convictions in all the
cases. v r '
The preliminary examination of Wil
liam Hagan will take place before United
States Court Commissioner Heacock . at
10 o'clock this morning. -Perry has been
released on $500 bonds.
Frank J. Perry, one of the gang of
worthless-bill passers who have flooded
the State with notes of the Str.te Bank
of New Brunswick,' appeared for prelim
inary examination yesterday morning be
fore United States Court Commissioner
Heacock. Assistant United States Attor
ney Banning appeared for the prosecu
tion. The prisoner was not represented
by counsel.* On motion of Banning and
by consent of the defendant the hearing
was postponed until Monday morning at
10 o'clock. Banning announced that he
Intended to use Perry as a witness on be
half of the Government In the cases
against -William Hagan and Major Blake
ney's confidential clerk, Edward W. Smith,
charged with similar offenses.
The Uhlted States secret service agents
are confident that they will secure the
conviction of Smith and Hagan. They say
that they will prove that Smith sold a cer
tain number of the New Brunswick notes
to Perry, knowing at the- time that Perry
had been passing them as genuine. Smith
on being arrested pretended that he had
sold the bills as curios, but the transac
tion wJ<h Perry after ¦ Smith knew that
Perry had been arrested~for passing the
notes easily disposes of this defense and
places the. Montgomery street curiosity,
shop man in a' perilous position.
Hagan is charged with signing his own
name to the bills as the president of 'the
bank and passing them. The gang did not
operate on the racetracks * or in the ten
derloin, where the worthless character, of
the bills would have been detected at once,
but they swindled poor women who. kept
Bmall branch- bakeries and delicatessen
shops. In these cases $1 and $5 bills were
used. •
New Brunswick Bank
Note Passers Victim
ize Store-Keepers.
Salvation Army Member
Begins Extended
. Past.
REFUSES FOOD
WHILE IN JAIL
When It is recalled that throughout the
present State administration only two
persons convicted of felony have been
pardoned. Winters' hope for executive
clemency as long as Gage Is chief execu
tive is minimized.
"So far as a parole for Winters is con
cerned," said the Governor, "the Board
of Prison Directors is alone empowered
to act, but the law gives to the chief
executive the power to order any convict
thus temporarily released to be returned
back into custody."
This statement is held to bode ill for
Winters' chances.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 23.— Governor
Gage was not very communicative when
asked to-day for his views regarding
"Jack" Winters' expressed hope that he
would not have to serve very much of
his sentence.
Will Not Be Paroled During
His Incumbency.
Intimates That the Bullion Thief
GOVERNOR HOLDS OTJT
NO HOPE TO WINTERS
The Bureau of American Republics was
closed to-day as a mark of respect to the
deceased Minister. At the Chilean lega
tion many officials and members of the
diplomatic corps called during the day to
leave cards of respect and condolence.
The funeral party proceeded to Rock
Creek Cemetery, where the casket was
deposited in the receiving vault, pendin?
a determination on the final disposition
of the remains. Over the casket were
draped the Chilean and American flags,
while a profusion of beautiful floral of
ferings were arranged about it. There
were no services at the cemetery. It will
be decided later whether the remains will
go to Chile on board the Chilean warship
soon expected in American waters or will
go from San Francisco on a merchant
EU-amer.
MINISTERS OF NATIONS
MEET VICUNA'S REMAINS
Body of the Late Diplomat From
Chile Arrives at the National
Capital.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 23.— The remains
of Senor Morla Vicuna, late Minister of
Chile to the United States, arrived in
Washington to-day from Buffalo. The fu
neral cortege was met at the depot by a
number of officials and members of the
diplomatic corps, including- Colonel W. H.
Michael. In behalf of the State Depart
ment; W. C. Fox, acting for the Bureau
of American Republics; the Peruvian Min
ister, Mr. Calderon; the Costa Rican Min
ister, Mr. Calvo, and representatives from
the Mexican, Japanese, Dominican and
other legations.
The views which the war correspondent
presented during the course of his lecture
were very fine and gave the audience a
distinct idea of the hardy nature of the
men that have been fighting so hard and
valiantly against the English forces. He
also presented a number of fine scenes of
the country in and about Pretoria and
Johannesburg. . v
The one hundred and thirty-fifth Illus
trated lecture of James F. J. Archibald
on the "Boer-British War" was delivered
last .r.ight at Metropolitan Temple under,
the auspices of the ' Calif ornia Club. The
lecture was an interesting one and. was
listened to by one of the largest audi
ences that ever entered the Fifth-street
Hall.
Phases of the Fighting in
Boerland. *
James F. J. Archibald Presents Many
The , convention before adjourning
passed a resolution inviting the national
society to meet in this city in October
1902. It is expected that the invitation will
be accepted.
Friday morning, 10:30— Devotions. Airs.' A.
M. Janes; i resume of the year,. Mrs. J, E.
Piatt, recording: secretary: "The Work in the
South." Mrs. John A. B. Wilson; "Notes from
the Field," Miss A. M. Nickerson: "Immi
grant Work in New : York," Mrs. S. J Car
roll; "The Work in Hawaii," Mrs. C. B. Per
kins. Reports of the secretaries of depart
ments—supplies, Mrs. P. G. Buchanan: litera
ture, Mrs. W. O. Discho; publication, Mrs
M. A. Bentley; young: people's work, MissC
G. Davis. Friday afternoon— Devotions, Mrs.
A. J. Nelson, and the reading: of reports of
committees.
Thursday afternoon. 2 o'clock — Devotions,
Mrs. F. D. Bovard; address of welcome, Mrs.
W. A. Jacobs; response, Mrs. T. E. Atkinson:
appointment of committees; enrollment of
delegates; music, children of the Oriental
Home; home missionary round table; report
of treasurer. Mra. A. A. Studley.
Thursday evening, 7:45 o'clock— DevotU.ns,
Mrs. M. E. Masters; the work with the
Orientals, • Miss Lena Gray and Miss Mar-
Buerite Lake; music, children of the Oriental
Home; annual report of deaconess work, Mrs
Robert McLellan; address, "Our New Train
ins School," Rev. J. N. Beard. D. D.; notes
by the superintendent. Mrs. Nellie Henry; ad
dress, Mrs. J. C. Winston.
Mrs. Robert McLellan was elected a3
delegate to the national committee.
The programme of the convention was
as follows: /
the 6,000,000 Methodists of the United Stales,
and we pray that God will give her grace and
Mrensth to continue J in this life-saving- mis
sion. ¦ . . , ...
INTERESTING LECTURE
BY WAR CORRESPONDENT
The railroad brought action against
other persons at the time of the robbery,
but the grand Jury failed to Indict. The
statement of Hugh Kelley throws new
light upon the crime.
On cross-examination Hugh Kelley
would not state in fact that the money
was derived hy robbery, . but assumed as
much. He said he knew of the theft of the
aforementioned sum, and that most of it
was In $5 gold pieces, the same as he
found at the spot Indicated by his broth
er. He further declared that the money
was changed into $20 pieces before being
put into circulation. He received $S00 for
digging up the money and putting it into
possession of his brother.
CARSON. Aug. 23.— The case of Hugh
Kelley versus Joseph Kelley for the dis
solution of partnership came before the
District Court to-day. Hugh Kelley, the
plaintiff in the case, made startling alle
gations in his complaint, intimating that
the money used in establishing the firm
came from a robbery which occurred in
this city in 1S94, whereby the Virginia and
Truckee Railroad Company lost $3700. He
further intimates that he dug up $1500
from the ground in a stable indicated by
his brother and that this money was
used by the firm.
tions in a Suit for Dissolution
" of Partnership.
Carson Man Makes Serious Allega-
ACCUSES HIS BROTHER
OF EAILBOAD BOBBERY
NEWLY ELECTED PRESIDENT
OF THE WOMAN'S HOME
MISSIONARY SOCIETY.
ONLY THE POOR
CHOSEN AS PREY
Resolved, That we most heartily commend
our missionary. Miss Marguerite Lake, in the
splendid work she is doing in rescuing ' these
children from a llvlnsr death and assure her
that she has not only the moral support of the
6000 Methodists of San Francisco, but also of
Whereas, All efforts so far put forth to sup
press this evil having failed, we believe the
attention of the President of the United
States should again be called to this matter
In the hop*e that some remedy may be found
to blot out this stain now resting upon our
fair city and country; therefore, be It
Whereas, The endeavors of the Police
Department, the work of the Legislative Com
mittee of Investigation, the report of the
Grand Jury and the work of. the local Fed
eral authorities, we believe slavery still ex
ists in San Francisco in open violation of the
Constitution of the United States and In a
form so awful and disgusting as to arouse
every instinct of our American citizenship,
«ind that it calls for a protest that should
be heard from one end of this land to the
other, and
Resolutions were adopted commending
the work of the various bureaus connected
with the society, and the following reso
lution concerning the slave trade In San
Francisco was adopted by acclamation:
President, Mrs. C. B. Perkins, 728 Hatght
street: first vice president,- Mrs. J. C. Wins
ton, Pacific Grove; second vice president, Mrs.
C. C. Lombard, 1621 Seventh avenue. Oak'and;
third vice president, Mrs. E. R. Willis, Santa
Rosa; corresponding secretary. Miss A. M.
Nickerson, 3132 Twenty-first street, San Franr
Cisco; recording 1 secretary, Airs. J. K. 1'iatt,
2037 Hearst avenue, Berkeley; treasurer, Mra.
A. A. Studley, 727 ShotweH street, San Fran
cisco; secretary oriental bureau, Mrs. I* P.
Williams, 2723 Sacramento street, San Fran
cisco; president deacones9 board, Mrs. "L. J.
Sims, St. Nicholas Hotel, San Francisco;
chairman Hawaiian committee, Mrs. " Bishop
J. W. Hamilton; secretary supplies, Mr». P.
G. Buchanan, 2210 Chapel street, Berkeley;
secretary literature, Mrs. W. O. Discho, 604
Oak street. San Francisco; 1 secretary mite
boxes. ; secretary publications, Mrs. M.
A. Bentley, Berkeley; secretary young peo
ple's work, Miss C. G. Davis, 275 San Carlos
avenue, San Francisco.
The report on Oriental work disclosed
the fact that a new Chinese mission home
has been purchased at 912 Washington
street for $10,000.
The election of officers resulted In the
selection of the following named:
The Rev. J. N. Beard, D. D., spoke of
the training school for Christian work
ers about to be established at 129 Haight
street and over which he will assume the
superintendency as soon as It Is ready.
THE "Woman's Home Missionary
Society of the California Confer
ence closed its twelfth annual
session yesterday at the Central
. • Methodist Episcopal Church. It
was ' the most successful gathering ever
held by the society. Nearly one hundred
delegates were present from~ various
parts of the State. The convention was
presided over by the president of the con
ference board, Mrs. E. D. Bovard. The
sessions began on Thursday,' and many in
teresting papers relating to the mission
ary work of the society were read.
The proceeds of the celebration will be
applied: to the fund now being accumu
lated for the purpose of building a hall
for the use of the Irish societies of this
city. It is hoped that the returns will be
sufficient to make a first 'payment on a
lot on which an option has been secured.
A new sub-committee was appointed,
cojisisting of Thomas Seerey, T. J. Mel
lott and P. J. Kelleher, to arrange for the
night . display of fireworks. To P. Mc-
Gushin was entrusted the selection of
committees to assist him in managing the
grand ball at night.
A band of union Irish musicians drawn
from the talent of the city most familiar
with Irish airs will render the music for
the day. -Outside of American national
airs, naught but Irish music will be play
ed. There will be dancing during the day
and a grand ball will follow Hhe fire
works display at night. Colonel Thomas
F. Barry, the president of the Celtic Un
ion, will deliver the address during the
literary exercises. A competitive essay
and poem, both of v/hich must be writ
ten in Gaelic, will be read by the authors
who desire to compete for the gold medal
offered for the best.
A revival of the ancient Gaelic games
will, be one of the features of the day.
Throwing the hammer, putting the stone,
jumping, vaulting, standing kick, hurling
and Gaelic football, conducted strictly ac
cording to the rules obtaining in Ireland,
will form a portion of the athletic con
tests. Dancing for prizes to the weird
music of the fife and fiddle will give the
old and young an opportunity to display
their proficiency in three, four and eight
handed Irish reels and jigs. Professors
O'Connor and Kelleher have this branch
of; the programme in hand and have ar
ranged for the rehearsal of possible com
petitors on Sunday next at Hibernia Hall,
and on the following Sunday a full dress
rehearsal will be held at K. R. B. Hall,
1133 Mission street, when music and
speeches will afford all an opportunity to
spend a pleasant afternoon.
Gien Park has been chosen as the scene
of the demonstration and a day and night
celebration has been decided upon. Ar
rangements have been made with the
Market-street Railway Company and the
San Francisco and San Mateo Electric
Company for a special car service both
night and day, so that all who attend
will find plenty of accommodation both
going and returning.
Every preparation is being made by the
representatives of the Irish societies em
braced within the Celtic Union to make
the coming celebration on September 9
one to be long remembered. . Committees
are holding meetings daily and are en
listing the support of every one whom it
is thought can contribute a worthy,, fea
ture to the programme of the day. Re
ports from sub-committees read at the
meeting of the executive committee" held
last night in. the office of Colonel T. F,
Earry indicated a most satisfactory prog
ress. ' ?:
Schools were established and In 1854 the
congregation had so increased that the
building of a larger church on Mission
street became necessary. The present
church edifice Is one of the handsomest Jn
the city and -was recently refitted at a
cost of several thousand dollars.
Father Maginnis was regularly appoint
ed pastor In December of the same year.
In March, 1S52, San Francisco was divided
by the Bishop Into two districts, St. Pat
rick's being one of them and embracing
all the territory lying between Pine street
and Mission Creek, Johnson street, now
Ninth, and Larkin street and San Fran
cisco Bay.
The story of the early days of St. Pat
rick's is told in the parish records, which
have been carefully kept by Father Ma
ginnis. He arrived in San Francisco In
1S51 and was the only priest in the city
who preached in the English language.
He was given temporary charge of the
district known as Happy Valley by the
Right Rev. J. S. Alemany, then Bishop
of Monterey. In the latter part of June,
1851, Bishop Alemany received from John
Sullivan, Timothy Murphy and Jasper
O'F-arrell a piece of land. This land Is
the present site of the Palace Hotel, and
here the first St. Patrick's Church was
erected.
At the offertory "Jubilate Deo," by
Dudley Buck, will be sung. The music will
be under the direction of the organist,
Miss Mary Short, and Choir Director Da
vis. In the evening Lejeal's vespers ¦will
be sung; "O Salutaris," by George Curtl;
Rigo's "Tantum Ergo," and Lambelotte's
"Te Deum."
Tenors — John H. O'Brien, Thomas J.
O'Brien. Maurice Corridan, John Griffen, Rob
ert MorriFsey, Thomas Fay.
Bassos— Roy B. Kay, Janjes O'Brien, John
O'Brien, Ignatius Kerr, Thomas Leach, L. A.
Flynn.
Contraltos— Misses Genevieve Sullivan, Kate
Fuller, Ethyl Brown, Cecelia Feeney, Katie
Barry, Mabel Johnson, Louise Wiskotehille.
Kittle Wood and Mrs. Staphanie.
Sopranos— Misses Etta Welsh, Frances
Hausman, Mary Anlhony, Margaret Anthony,
Kate Robinson, Nonie Sullivan, Kate Turner,
Lizzie Fuller, Mollle Glover, Agatha Glover,
Lillian Byrne, Kathryn Cuslck, Nellie Sheehy.
Jennie McCarthy, May Lyne, Ella Cronln,
Gertrude Cronin. Mary Kindergen. Mary
Radlein. Mamie McDermott. Josephine Short.
Annetta Johnson, Loretta Brady, Mary Fitz
perald, Kate Turner.
Choir Director Curt C. Davis, has pre
pared an elaborate musical programme
for the occasion. Gounod's "Messe Sele
nelle" in honor of St. Cecilia will be sung
by an augmented choir with organ and
orchestral accompaniment. The singers
will be as follows:
The priests and people of St. Patrick's
parish will to-morrow celebrate the fif
tieth anniversary of the parish and of the
opening of its first church. • Solemn serv
ices will be held at 11 o'clock. The Most
Rev. Archbishop will be present and the
attendance of a large number of priests
is expected. Bishop Montgomery of Los
Angeles will preach In the morning and
Rev. P. E. Mulligan will deliver the ser
mon after vespers.
One of the most Impressive services of
the sessions of the convention will be
conducted at the foot of the "Prayer
Book Cross." in Golden Gate Park, when
the delegates will be impressed with the
important historical fact that the first
service of the Anglican church was
held within sight of where the cross
Ftands on the 24th day of June, A. D.
-579, by a chaplain of the fleet commanded
by the famous admiral and freebooter,
Francis Drake, a generation before James
town, in Virginia, which has hertofore
claimed the honor, was even thought of.
A problem which the entire force of
Bishops, priests and laymen of the church
in the United States may be unable to
solve is presented in the Hawaiian Isl
ands, where an Anglican Bishop Is en
throned. Bishop Willis, who has succeed
ed in making himself obnoxious by his au
tocratic ways of ruling his church, has
alienated not only English but American
members of the church. His stipend has
been withdrawn by the Archbishop of
Canterbury, on the ground that the isl
ands is a province of the church in Amer
ica, and to this view the Episcopal church
assents and is willing to take care of Ha
waii, provided it has a controlling voice
as to ways and means. The dlfflculty
would be solved by the resignation of the
Anglican Bishop, when the Island diocese
would probably become a province under
the jurisdiction of the Bishop of Califor
nia; or, if the future growth of the
church justified, a separate diocese by It
self.
The Ha-sraiian Problem.
The committee to report a. body of can
ons establishing courts of appeal, of
which the Chief Justice of the United
States is one, has formulated an exceed
ingly able report on the subject, and if
adopted will remedy a crying evil in the
church. Rarely a Bishop is disposed to be
tyrannical in his treatment of his subor
dinates if not autocratic. The new canon
¦win remedy that.
The reiwrt of the committee on a. re
vision of canons includes the one on the
establishment of the "provincial system"
of the church, which divides the whole
church into parts, including one or more
States, with primate and clerical and lay
associates with power for legislation with
in the province. The growth of the
church and the difficulty of managing- the
affairs of all the dioceses at a general
convention meeting but once in three
years favors the plan, though the change
may be many years distant.
The convention of 1901 may be notable
for its action relative to the new respon
sibilities thrust upon It by reason of ad
ditions to the territory of the United
States incident to the war with Spain.
The Phlippines, Cuba and Porto Rico, in
the opinion of many, ought to have Bish
ops and diocesenal functions of their won.
The action of the convention will depend
upon the liberality of the wealthy lay
men.
Court of Appeals.
The proposed canon also extends the de
grees of consanguinity and affinity, which
may act as Impediments to marriage.
The great debate of the convention is ex
pected on the vote on the adoption of this
canon. The ecclesiastics, almost to a
man, favor it, but the laity pjb divided
as to the expediency of the proposed leg
islation.
No minister 6ha.ll solemnize a marriage be
tween any two persons until by inquiry he
Fhall have satisfied himself that neither per
son has been, or is, the husband or wife of
any other person then living; unless the former
marriage was annulled by a decree of some
civil court of competent jurisdiction for cause
existing before euch former marriage.
The eyes of the whole country will be
turned upon the San Francisco conven
tion, watching for its action upon the
proposed canon on marriage and divorce.
Heretofore the church has allowed its
priests to remarry the innocent party to
a divorce procured on scriptural grounds,
but the proposed new canon prohibits re
marriage for either party. It is as fol
lows.
The Triennial Convention of the Protest
ant Episcopal oh-urch in the United States,
which meets in this city October 2, and
which will pass into history as the "San
Francisco convention," is expected to be
a memorable event in the history of the
Admission Day the Date and
Glen Park the Scene of
Celebration. . ... .
May Adopt the New Canon
on Divorce— The Ha
waiian Problem.
Preach Sermon. y
Bishop Montgomery of Los
Angeles Invited to
Widespread Interest, in
the Coming Triennial
Convention.
Clergy and Parishioners
"Will Fittingly Ob
serve Event.
Games, to Be a
Feature. \,
Revival of Ancient Gaelic
IRISHMEN PLAN
GRAND REUNION
GOLDEN JUBILEE
OF ST. PATRICK'S
EPISCOPALIANS
ARE EXPECTANT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST; 24, 1901.
Woman's Home Missionary Society Appeals
to the President to Aid in Finding a
Means of Suppressing the 'Dreadful Evil
CHINESE SLAVE TRAFFIC
CALLS FORTH A PROTEST
7
Threatened by Bush Fire.
RIO DE JANEIRO, Aug. 23.— The Dep-
uties supporting the administration were
attacked yesterday evening *>y a mob on
leaving the Chamber. One Deputy was
injured and several arrests were made.
Other disturbances are imminent.
Mob Injures an Official.
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-NIGHT.
FAREWELL TIMES OF
*' BARBARA FRIETCHIE."
Presented by
. MR. JAMES AND THE
NEIL.L, NEILL
I W SasaJ 3. iWAW COMPANY.
Evening 25c, 33c, 50c. 73c. V 09
Saturday Matinee..... 25c. 60c. 7Se
BARGAIN MATINEE THURSDAYS.
. 25c and 50c
TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) NIGHT.
':r.os:e:m: AiRTsr."
V SEATS NOW READY ; "
MATINEE TO-DAY, SATURDAY. AUG. 2*.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part except reserved.
THE BEST YET!
BEAD THE LIST OF NAMES.
The Cragg Family, Louise Thorndyka
Boncicault and Company, Richard
Jose, the Four Otts, Lef ebre's Saxo-
phone Quartet, Eemarc and Rilay
and the Biograph. Last appear-
ance of Hill and Silviany and Chas.
H. Sradshaw and Company.
_/ .
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP! V
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
To-night. Rossini's !
....BARBER OF^SEVILLE...
Matinee To-«lay and Sunday Night,
Tremendous Scenic Production of Bolto's
Great Classic.
..... MEFISTOFBLE
FIRST TIME AT THIS HOUSE. : S '
Next Week— "TROVA TORE" and "MEFI3-
TOFELE."
POPULAR PRICES ,-..2Sc. 50c and 73a
Telephone Bush 9.
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS OF
BROTHER OFFICERS
Commencing MONDAY EVENING NEXT,
FAREWELL WEEK OF
DANIEL FRAWLEY AND COMPANY.
Presenting,
"LORD AND LADY ALGY"
A Comedy ln Three Acts by K. C. Carton.
PRICES 10c, 13c. 23c. 50c. 738
- Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees. 23c.
Branch .Ticket Office Emporium.
Coming— JOSEPH HA WORTH.
lf*ftB fllMBIA SA.1 FRASCISCQ'S
vUbUlVlEilA LEADI.1G THEATK
— -::— MATINEE TO-DAY ::-
—* TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME! * —
DANIEL FROHMAN'S
COMPANY
From Daly's Theater. New Tork. In-hidta*
HILDA SPONG,
In the Great Comedy Success.
LADY HUNT WORTH'S EXPERIMENT.
By R. C. CARTON,
Next Week— Last Mghts o5 Daniel Proh-
raan's Company. First Time Here ot t
"WHEELS Y/1TH1N WHEELS."
• SEATS NOW READY. \ - .
Avh eat r iTm*
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2.
LAST TWO NIGHTS. •/'
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY,
; . In Charlotte Thompson's Success,.
SILVER MOUNTED
HARNESS.
Next Week— Florence Roberts,
"ROMEO AND JULIET" —
' ; '
FFSCHFR'S CONCERT HOUSE.
r lOtntn O Admission lOc.
' Fannie Raymond, Camella and Amellta. Paul
,La Crolx. P. A. Dunsworth. Coleman and
Mexis. Leo and Munroe. Irene Franklin. Jones
and Brown and Hinriehs' Orchestra.
. y Reserved Seats. 25c. Matinee Simrtav
AMUSEMENTS.
EXHIBITION GROUNDS,
FOLSOM AND SIXTEENTH STS.
7» a y s 'NextIofl.,
fi vOIlI. August 2Cth.
2 EXHIBITIONS DAILY— Aft. at 2; night at 8.
Doors Open One Hour Earlier.
GREATER. GRANDER AND MORE COM-
¦ - - PREHEN8IVE THAN EVER.
1000 People. 40 Famous Funny Clowns. 60
Musicians in Grand Popular Preliminary Con-
certs. 5 Big Arenas. %-MiIe Race Track. 65
Railroad Cars. 12 Acres of Tents.'
ACTUALLY 300 STAR PERFORMERS.
60 AERIALISTS ?22?ft «&£#&
Gymnasts, the
HOLLOWAY TRIO.
These Marvelous Performers Are Paid $500 a
Week. No Other Show Pays $100 for
a Feature Act. -^^^
d(\ AfDftRATx Headed by the "World's
O" AWIVUBAl J Most Wonderful Acrobats,
THE DA COMAS.
And Includinff Arenic Athletes From Italy,
France, Germany, Russia and Greece.
30 GREAT RIDERS jrSSi,^
Horsemen and Horsewomen Ever Organized,
and introducing for the First Time in America
MISS AMELIA FEELEY.
The Greatest L«dy Rider the World Has Ever
Produced. No other Show has a Feature to
compare with ,this Superb Equestrienne.
Qtfi ET FPHAWTQ Twenty in One Act Ap-
OvJELCrllAnij pearing Together at One
Time, in One Ring, under the Direction of One
Man, ln conjunction with the Internationally
Famous
LOCKH'RT COMEDY ELEPHANTS.
No Other Show Haa a Third as Many.
e—rkrk HAOCTC Utilized In the Grandest
OUU IlUKjCj of All Equine Displays, in-
cluding the Famous - ¦
O'BRIEN'^ 61-HORSE ACT.
A Colossal Introductory Spectacle. "ROME IN
THE YEAR ONE." a Grand Triple Ring Cir-
cus and a Tremendous Revival of the Sports
and Races of the' Ancients.
WORLD'S GREATEST MENAGERIE. Pre-
senting 100 Dens. Lairs and Cages of Rare.
Wild Beasts, Including the ONLY GIRAFFE
Known to Exist on Earth. ¦
E7-MONDAY MORNING, at 10 o'clock, the
Lonpest, Richest, Most Resplendent Free Street
Parade Ever Seen in San Francisco. Usual
Route over the Principal Downtown Streets.
Everything New This Year.
(CGeneral admission. 50c. Children under
12 years, half price. Reserved numbered seats
and admissions during the entire engagement
at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s Music Warerooms.
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. at exactly the
same price as charged at regular ticket wagons
on show grounds. ¦
Matinee To-day and To-morrow (Sunday) Ev'gr.
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY EVENING— LAST
TIMES.
Belasco and De Mille's Powerful Drama,
Men and Women.
- ¦ v \ . • . . .-.
A Great Cast— First Appearance In San Fran-
cisco of the Talented Actress.
MISS ANNETTE MARSHALL.
nnrrtt Evening^ 10c. 15c. 25c. 35e. 50c
I aUCJ Matinees 10c. 15c. 23c
Next Monday— Magnificent Revival of
. . "THE TWO ORPHANS"
GHUTES_AND ZOO
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL
LUNETTE,
THE MAID OP THE AIR.
SPECIAL tb-NIGHT!
GRAND PRIZE
CAKEVyALK !
Telephone ¦ for Seats Park 23.
BASEBALL;,
OAKLAND vs. LOS ANGELES.,
TO-DAY AT 3:15 P. Mi
SUNDAY AT 2:30 P. M.
I RECREA TION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison «treets.
NANAIMO, B. C. Au?r. 23.— The 200 em-
ployes of the Hamilton Powder Company;
at Northfleld, are working 1 to-night to
save the nitro-glycerin storehouses and
plant, which are threatened by a bush
fire.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
' 11111^! ¦
•ermiOMT no» »t the Procter * oamiu co. ci»cix»»ti
rp^HOICE bed sets in Irish point lace,
kfelij or tamboured, embroidered muslin,
lLJj should be washed with Ivory Soap
to preserve their beauty. If they are of an
ecru tint, a little strong coffee should be
added to the rinsing water. The vegetable I
oils of which Ivory Soap is made fit it for
many special uses, for which other soaps
are unsafe and unsatisfactory.
IVORY SOAP IS 99«>i& PER CENT. PURE.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
CLEANI/JT WOMAN.
Erroneously Thinks by Scouring' Her
Scalp That She Cures Dandruff.
Cleanly woman has an erroneous idea
that by scouring the scalp, which re-
moves the dandruff scales, she is curing
the dandruff. \ She may wash her scalp
every day and yet have dandruff her life
long, accompanied by falling hair, too.
The only way in the world to cure dan-
druff is to kill the ¦ dandruff germ, and
there is no hair preparation that will do
that but Newbro's Herpicide. Herpicide,
killing the dandruff germ, leaves the hair
free to grow is healthy nature intended.
"Destroy the cause, you remove the ef-
fect." Kill the dandruff germ with Herpi-
cide; ¦ -
The Shirt of Mail
Was not a comfortable thing to wear,
neither is the shirt of to-day, when thick-
ly Starched, with rough edges and marble
slab front. We pride ourselves on the
finish of all our work— the finish j that
gives style and comfort to the wearer.
No saw edges! .
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 lyarket Stres:
Telephone— South 42O, .
Oalcland Office— 54 San Pabjo Avs.
PALACE
-_ These hotels possess
AND the attributes that tour-
*""*:. Ists .and travelers ap-
rpAWn predate— central ¦¦". loca-
UiVfi-rlU tl0I1( uberal • manage-
HATBI C nient. modern appolnt-
flU 1 EL3; men t3 and perfect cui-
¦;- ..-.': j sine. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦- i
San American and Euro-
. . , pea.il plans. ;
FranciscD.
AMUSEMENTS.
SUTRO BATHS.
J-O^OpEN-NIGHTS^i
•Open -daily from; 7: a. m." to 11 p..:m.
] ' '¦¦ ' Bathins from 7 a.-m. ' to 10:30 p. m. "
",''; ADMISSION. 10c: CHILDREN.- 5c.
Bathing, including admission, 25c; children, 20c.NEW YORK. Aug. 23.— Money on call closed
steady at 2U(g'2i4 per cent-.- last loan. 2Vi per
cent;*"prime mercantile paper, 4%@5 per. cent
Sterling exchange was firm, with actual buel
ness in bankers" bills at $4 87 for demand and
at $4 ?4%@4 84% for sixty days rpoFted rates
$4 sr.V£@4 8S; commercial -• bills., $4 S3%@1 84Vi.
New York Money Market,
j LONDON. Aug. 23.— Anaconda. 9V4: Atehison.
7SV4: Canadian Pacific. 114%: Denver and Rio
Grande. 44V4: Denver and Rio Grande preferred
S4»i; Northern Pacific preferred. 100U; South
ern Pacific. SSVfc: Union Pacific preffrred. 93
Car silver, steady. 26 5-16d per ounce. Money
1 153 l l i per cent. " . .-...'
CLOSING
London Market:
STOCK MARKET.
* ~~: — ; — ¦ — ; ; ¦ *
CHICAGO.' Aug. 23.— Trade in wheat lacked
even a suspicion ' of animation. , : . The market
opened 1 easy Ton disappointing cables, Septem
ber. %@%c down at 70' '.c. Selling for the out
side account . influenced a" small selling move
ment by the /bear- contingent. -When some 'of
them attempted to ' cover a : little ¦ later '• the
market suddenly ran up to 70%c. : This proved
the best price of the day, , and there was
scarcely " a • moment during the : remainder - of
the session when the early short sellers could
not have covered at a profit. 1 Outside llqulda
' ti jn and | the | corn weakness were bear factors
and September worked down to 70c. The close
was weak,- %c under yesterday at 70@70^4c " '
Corn gave an. exhibition of 'its dependence
upon - speculative support and ' showed ... how
inoufficient h an • undoubtedly \ strong ¦ situation
could:. be when; speculators; relax their. efforts
to boost prices. ¦¦ The. feature, of* -the r day's
trade was. the large quantity. for sale on lout
side 'orders.' Heavy . Argentine . shipment • was
a bear factor. : The close was weak, - Septem
ber ",4c lower at' C5©55%c. • '.
The oats market ¦¦ naturally turned weak in
sympathy with the corn - market.'. i Liquidation
was .both for the country and local account
September, closed ' %c . down' at -> 34%c.
¦ Trade ? In provisions was 7 moderately active
Prices at . the opening '¦ were i, slightly Irregular
and; a- slight .decline /.followed -in sympathy
with the surrounding weakness. ' -During ithls
,tlme considerable lard was .sold.'i.-.-AVr better
cash demand, and: buy ins- by packers (caused a
¦ rally -j and ¦; the close • was ', firm, v January pork
Cotton goods have been rather Irregular, but
It is to be noted that . talk of a reduction" In
wages and a consequent strike in Fall River
has been practically abandoned. 'and the close
of the week finds ¦.* print cloths < firmly - held."
¦whlle ,; other 'cotton goods are ' quite steady.
Wheat was weak early on increased supplies
afloat, enlarged receipts at the Northwest and
technical market ' conditions favoring a de
cline, but strengthened later on continued poor
crop reports from abroad, fairly large clear
ances, although " not equal ' to last week,' rtnd
general confidence in present or better prices
being maintained. Corn has sympathized
largely with wheat, though weakening- on Its
own account on better crop advices from . the
Stales east of the Mississippi, where timely
rains liave fallen., Net, changes A or the Lweek
are slight. Some-'hog products, particularly
lard, have . sympathized with the strength of
corn." .. .. ¦ . '¦¦-. .-:.. . " ,. ¦ ... ::::, • ., . ..
Evidence multiplies that the tide of trade
has turned and that it Is now setting strongly
in .the direction of an enlarged business' at
steady or higher prices. Crop improvement,
particularly in the Central West and -. : the
Mississippi Valley, has been the mainspring
of the more cheerful tone of advices and en
larged fall operations at such cities^ as Chi
cago, St. Louis and Kansas City. Even from
the so-called drought-stricken corn belt' ccme
advices of a quite satisfactory business, .'.in
some instances reports being -of a larger, job
bing trade than in the corresponding, period
a year . ago. , . The notable strength .' of . coUon,
partly, however, the result of real or assumed
crop damage, has" been the active feature in
the betterment of Southern trade advices. At
the great Eastern centers distribution is going
forward In as good, if not. better; volume than
a year -ago. - - , .
Prices, except for some irregularity, in the
cereals, have been generally quite steady.: ..-;
NEW YORK, Aug. 23.— Bradstreet's to-mor
row will say:
New x York Cottonrjilarkei.
NEW YORK, Aug. 23,-^OTTON— Futures
opened, firm. In. tone, prices '9@14 points up, in
response to sensationally strong cables, later
causing a stampede df shorts here and stim
ulating Investment support. 'The close was
steady, with prices net S@10 points higher.
*; LIVERPOOL,' Aug." 23.— "Wheat. - quiet : No. 1
Standard California, 6si£r6s \ ; wheat in . Paris,
'._ LONDON, >ug. . 23.^-Consols. . 94?4: 'silver.
26 15-16d; French - rentes, . 10U 60c. .'.Wheat "car
goes on passage,. steadier; cargoes No. I Stand
ard* California! ' 29s 3d ;" cargoes'-. Walla*. Walla,
28s -9d;" English" country :;. markets.' quiet. '.
Foreign Markets.
Domestic iron markets were featureless*. Fig
iron warrants." J3(??10: No. . 1 Northern foundry,
$15015 50;- No. 2 Southern . foundry. . $14^14 < 50-
No. 1 Southern foundry. $14 75<jti5 25: No. 1
Southern foundry, :. soft. $14 75(gl5 25. Glasgow
warrants closed at 54s and Middlesboro at 45a
7%d. -i / ___L-_
; Spelter here' was somewhat firmer; for. spot,
but was without' change and quiet for futures.
Spot at i the close was . quoted ' at $4. London
closed, at £17 2s 6d. being 2s 6d better than
the previous day's figures. j.
'.Lead was without; change either at home or
abroad and closed dult at $4 3TV» and £11 11s 3d
respectively- 1 -"/;' ¦ " . . « ; ' .-.
NEW YORK. Aug.' 23.— The downward course
of tin values' in local metals circles was un
abated. They declined some 25 to 50 points to
day" under liquidation without any trading to
speak of being Indulged in. .The 'close was
quiet and easy at $26@26 25. Tin in London,
however," was firm and 17s 6d higher, .with spot
quoted at £16 os and futures at £111 10s.
. Locally -copper continues nominal' at JIG 50.J5
17 , for lake and - $16 37>/4@16 62V4 ' Tor casting.
There was an advance of i5s In London copper,
with spot ' quoted at £116 5s and futures at
£67 Ss .9d. . ; - I " , , .
New York" Metal Market.
SHEEP — Receipts. 700; firm; lambs, 10c lower;
top. Utahs. $4 S5:*lambs. $3 75@4 85; yearlings,
$3@3 7Q; wethers, J2 75@3 25: ewes, $2 50@3. . .
HOGS— Receipts, 4500; generally firm; good to
choice grades,' :5c higher; others steady: light
and light mixed,- $5 75@C 22H: ' medium . and
mixed. $G@S 35; pigs. J3@5 15:. bulk.' J6@6 20.
- ST. JOSEPH. Aug. 23.— CATTLE— Receipts.
792; slow, but steady: natives. 75: cows
and heifers. $l(g>4 75; bulls and stags. ?2@4 60;
stockers and feeders, $2@3 90: vea*ls. $2'2o@5 25.
ST. JOSEPH
> SHEEP— Receipts. 7000; market for sheep,
strong and active; lambs, weak: good to choice
wethers. $3 25@4; fair' to choice mixed, $3@3 35;
"Western sheep. $3@3 90; yearling's. $3 25©4,
native lambs, $3@5; Western Iambs, $3 75(ga. ,
v HOGS— Receipts to-day.. 18,000: to-morrow,
13.000; left over, 2000 head: market for choice,
flrm; others, steady: top, ?6 35; mixed and
butchers. $5 65<g6 30: , good to' choice heavy.
$.i 75@6 35; rough heavy, to 60^5 70; light, $5 G5
@G 10; -bulk of gales, $5.S5@6 15.
CHICAGO. Aug. 23.— CATTLE— Receipts. 2300.
Including 400 Texans; market generally steady;
good to prime steers. {5 30@6 30; poor to me
dium, $3 50@5 20; stockers and "feeders, $2 23®
4 25; cows; $2 40@4 25; heifers, $2 40<j?4 90: can
ners. slow, Jl 25@2 35: bulls. $2 25@4-I5: calves.
$Z@o 25; Texas steers. J4@5 30:. Texas grass
steers, $3 4O@3 75; Western steers. $4@5.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Markets.
NEW YORK. Aug. 23. -The Wall-street dis
trict haa more appearance of animation to
day than for a long time past. The prolonged
and persistent resistance of the market to any
factors of degression and the continued scar
city of ftocks offering, notwithstanding the
very considerable advance in the levti of
prices during- the last two months, apparent
ly prompted the professional traders, as
though by a common impulse to inaugurate a
movement to put prices up. There was no
indication that the general public was taking
any part in the movement, the commission
houses continuing to complain of lack of busi
ness, but the professional operators at' work
made p'.ay with a freer hand than had been
the recent rale. There were no very large In
dividual transactions, but the number of 1000
thare lots was very conspicuous and well dis
tributed throughout the room. The dominant
speculation was in the Pacifies and South
weeterns. Union Pacific leading the railroad
list in point of strength and activity with an '
extreme rice of 2%. The so-called Gould
stocks were all active and strong, including
the Denver and Rio Grande stocks and the
Colorado and Southern stocks, the latter ap
parently on a supposition that developments
are Impending looking to its absorption into
the Gould system. Ihe grain-carrying roads
Si a whole were affected by the decided weak
ness in th« curn market, indicating the recup
eration in the corn crop. The continued heavy
loreign demand for wheat, coupled with the
reported good condition ol that crop, was also
an' element. Amalgamated Copper was in
very large demand, notwithstanding the de
nials or reports that further absorption of
copper interests was intended and rose an ex
treme 2%. There was gossip of coming rights
on Baltimore and Ohio to subscribe to new
stock, tu^be issued in connection with th?
landing reorganization of Pittsburg and West
ern. ' The minor Steel stocks were strong-
Tenr.tEsc-e Coal rising 3Vi. The United States
feteel stocks opened a fraction higher and
were held almost immovable all day the ex
treme fluctuation hi each being ij^. There
were strong points among the minor railroads
and specialties jind the coalers continued to
ehow strength. The preliminary estimates
following cash chanres were apparently re
lied on as foreshadowiRg a strong bank state
ment to-morrow.
Tha railroad bond market shared in the
greater activity, and *trenrth of the stock
market, but speculative bonds were most con
spicuous. Total sales, par value. $2.SS5,000.
1,'r.lted States bends' were all unchanged on
the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— - Saips. High. Low. Cl.
Atch'.son 27.200 11% 7614 77*
Atehison pfd .'¦ 7,600 S8 95 977,1
Baltimore & Ohio 10.W0 103^ 104 104%
Baltimore & Ohio pfd.. 100- M 84 24
Canadian Pacific 2,200 111% 111 . m%
Canada Southern 70
Chesapeake & Ohio 1,800 47*4 47- 47
Chicago & Alton 2.800 40 39\t' 31»4
Chicago & Alton pfd."... 200 78 77 s i *77>i
Chicago Ind & Loaie.. ' 390 23«S 3S% ZS%
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
H. WILLSON,
Assistant Section Director.
Hollister — Peaches drying nicely; good qual
ity. Grapes ripening; good quality: medium
crop.
Hsnford— Weather favorable for fruit and
grain: 75 p»r cent grape crop expected.
Napa— Temperature below normal. All crops
the same.
San Jo?e— Prunes ripening slowly.
Ventura— In Casilos and Piru valleys apples
will be an average crop.
Palermo — Oats and barley averaging twenty
eaeks to the acre and of good quaJitv.
Santa Maria— Weather is favorabl'e for the
bean crop. Grain yield Is very good, but there
is considerable yet unthreshed.
Bradstreet's on Trade.
The feeling that the strike/ would either be
called I'tt or collapsy affected ' not only the
steel stocks, but the railroad list as well.
In point of activity the stock market showed
but little improvement this week. It con
tinued to be narrow and In the main dull,
while professional trading and manipulation
by pool interests were apparently responsible
for most of the transactions. The tone bf\the
market was better, however, the change in
this respect becoming more apparent on Fri
day. Some slight Increase in the amount of
commission . orders accompanied this move
ment, though on the whole the public seems
to be still keeping out of Wall street, except
as investors, there being a steady demand tor
bonds and considerable absorption of dividend
paying stocks. ; The light offerings oT securi
ties constitute one of the features of the tltu
atlon. In fact, In the early part of this week
it was the absence of any pressure to sell
which maintained prices, even when buying
power was lacking. Operators have found
that the bear side ls now unprofitable and It
was noted that large Western interests, which
were active in depressing stocks for .some
time back, have now changed their position.
The large earnings which are reported by the
railroads, | as a rule, seem to have aided In
creating a belief that the damage to th? ccrn
crop will not have any serious effects on the
traffic and avenues of the roads, at least un
til October or . November,, when new corn
would begin to move. There has. therefore,
naturally been a reaction from the pessimistic
viewa which recently prevailed about crop
conditions, the large wheat exports and the
generally better reports from the .agricultural
States alcllns this tendency. The. situation as
regards the steel workers' strike also seemed
to take a bullish phase, though at the ¦ be
ginning of the week' the success 6(. the
Amalgamated Association In inducing the men
at Jollet and Milwaukee to violate their con
tracts and Join in the strike caused renewed
uneasiness and some support from the Insid
ers was needed to keep the United " States
Steel stocks steady..
Bradstreet's Financial Review.
NEW YORK. Aug. 23.— Bradstreefs Finan
cial Review will say to-morrow:
The volume of business , transacted in the
market for evaporated apples ¦ reached mod
erate proportions .to-day. Demand came mosi
ly • from I out-of-town consumers and was ! for
strictly choice varieties, which grades held
firm. The close was steady to", firm, at un
changed prices. 1 Stater common to good, 5@7c:
prime, 7V4@Sc; choice, 8V4c: fancy, 9c.
California dried frulvs ruled dull and nomin
ally unchanged. " ¦ . ¦ ' -
PRUNES-3&i©7c. N
APRICOTS— Royal, 8'4@13c:_ Moorpark. 8®
12c. .'..-..--
PEACHES— Peeled, ll@18c; , unpeeled, 6@
9%c. . .....
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, ; Aug.- 23.-FLOUR-Receipts,
17,747 barrels; exports, 511S barrels. Fairly
•steady; closing dull.
WHEAT— Receipts,' 149,000 bushels; . exports,
68,000 bushels.' Spot easier. No. 2 red, 77^c
f. o. b. . afloat; No. 2 red elevatoH 75?sc; No.'l
Northern Duluth, 78%c f. o. r>. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth, S4%c f . o. b. afloat. Options
opened easier and after a midday rally on
big clearances weakened in sympathy with
corn. Foreign houses sold, j cables were dis
appointing, Northwestern receipts liberal the
crowd bearish and export trade light. Closed
weak at %@%c. net decline. September, 75%
@76'Ac, closed 75%c; December, 77%«j78<ic
closed 77%c.
HOPS— Quiet. -
HIDES— Steady. .
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE-Spot Rio, dull. No. 7 invoice, 5%c;
mild, quiet; Cordova, 8@ll^e. Futures closed
firm, unchanged , to 5 points higher. Total
sales, 33,750 bags, including: September, J4 90
@4 fla; October, $4 Ouigo; November,- $5 05; De
cember, 5 lo<ipo 20; January, $5 25; February
$6 35; March, $5 35@5 40; May, $5 50@5 65; June
$5 30; July, $5 65.
SUGAR— Raw; quiet and steady. Fair refin
ing, 3 7-16c; Centrifugal, 96 test, 4c; molasses
sugar, 3 3-16c; refined, steady.
BUTTER-Recelpts. 5700 packages; steady;
State dairy. ,14@l8c: creamery.' lC<g'20 1 /c; June
packed factory. U^^loMc. '".'¦'
EGGS— Receipts, WOO packages. Strong-
Western candled, 16@l7J4c; do uncandled, 10
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
crate; Washington - Gage». $20 per ton; Esz
Plums. $10@20 per ton. ¦-.—»«_ --'-
PEACHES— 30®65c per box and 25®30c per
bask«t and $20@25 per ton for Frees and $35@to
for Clings; Peaches In carriers, 50@8oc. accord
icg to size of carrier: Mountain Peaches. oO@6*c
NECTARINES— White. .73c per box; Red. 40c
®$1 N .,-.-*¦
PEARS-Bartletts. Jlfil V per box for No.
1. 50@75c for No. 2 and |30<@4O per ton; other
Pears. 23tf?33c per box.
QUINCES— 35«i!5<V per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $6 per chest for Long
wortbs and $3@5 50 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIKS-jS^.i per chest
¦ LOGAN BERRIES-$J@3 per chest
RASPBERRIES— $4@7 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 7*i:8c per tb.
FIGS— Black. 5Ce©$l for double-layer Boxes.
White. 25®75c. . _ .„
MELONS— Nutmegs. 13@^>c per box; Cant*;
loupes. 25@S3c per crate; Watermelons. |o@25
P< GR\PEP— Fontalnebleau and Sweet-water. 40
@60c per box and crate; Tokay. 50£3:H per
crate; Muscat. 50®S3c; Seedless, 60c@»l -o.
Black 40@30c; Isabella, $1 50.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. $1 50@4: Lemons.
$1S2 25 for common and $2 50<a3 30 for good
to choice: Grape Fruit. 50c<«$1 30: Mexican
Limes $&W6 50: Bananas. 75c@$2 per bunch;
Pineapples? $1 5C<@3 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The market continues as firm and actrr* as
ever. A great many raw Prunes are being sold
In the Santa Clara Valley at $3.1 per ton. and
some sales at $32 50 are reported. This la al
most twice- »3 high as they sold last year.
FRUITS— Apricots. 8@lCc for new Royals and
S@14'/'C for standard to fancy Moorparks; new
Evaporated Apples. 7©Sc: sundrled. 3®4c;
r* ew . Peacbes. 64?8c for future delivery : new
Pears 5V4@9c; Plums, pitted. 4@5c; unpitted. 1
©lV-c; Nectarines, o@6c lor red and 5@6c for
PRUNES — Old crop are quoted by tha Asso
ciation on the basis of 3%c for the four slzea.
RAISINS — Are cleaned up and nominal. •
¦ NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 12@12Hc;
' No 2 8©S'/ic; No. I hardshell. 10@10^4c: No. 2,
6V.S«iic; Almonds, U@14c for papershell, 100
Ho for softshell and 5^6c for hardshell; Pea
nuts 5®7c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts, 12@12<2c:
Filberts. 12@12%c; Pecans. ll^lCc; Cocoanuts.
*°HONEY— Comb, 12@12%c for bright and 10®
12c for light amber; water white extracted. 3»4
©6c: Usht amber extracted. 4' / i@5c; dark. iQ
'BEESWAX— 25328c per lb.
Provisions.
Pure Lard Is %c higher all around. No other
changes. The market is steady, with a fair
demand.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for heavy,
12V-C for light rcedium. 13%c for light. 14%c for
extra light and 16c for sugar-cured; Eastern
su^at-cured Hams. 14@14%c; California Hams,
13V4C- Mess Beef, $11 per bbl; extra Mess, $12;
Family $12 50; prime Mess Pork, $15; extra
clear $23; Mes3. $19: Smoked Beef. 14c per lb.
L^KD Tierces quoted at 7@7 1 /ic per lb for
compound and lie for pure; half- barrels. pur«.
ll%c- 10-lb tins. ll%c; 3-lb tins, llTic
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 9%c: . thre«
half-barrels. 9%c: one tierce. 9',»c: two tierces,
9c; five tierces. Svic per lb. 0 .
Hides; -Talloiv, Wool and Hups.
HIDES AITD SKINS — Culla and brands sell
about l^c under quotations. Heavy salted.
Steers. lO^c; medium. 9%c;~ light. 9c; Cow"
Hides.' 9c for heavy and 9c for light: Stags.
6>,4c; Salted Kip. 9%c; Salted Veal. 10c; Salted
Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 16@16%c; Culls. 14c; Dry
Kip,' 16c; Dry Calf, 18c; Culls and Brands, 15c;
Sheepskins, shearlings. 15@20o each; short
Wool, 30@50c each: medium, 50@75c; Ions
Wool. 80c@$l each; Horse Hides, salt, $2 50©
V 75 for large and $2@2 23 for medium, $1 50©
1 75 for small and 50c for Colts: Horse Hides,
dry, $1 73 for large. $1 23@1 SO for medium. $1 23>
for Email and 50c for Colts. Deerskins— Sum
mer or red skins. 35c; fall or medium skins. 30c;
winter or thin skins. 20c. Goatskins— Prim*
Angoras. 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium,
33c
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4H@4%c per Ik;
No. 2. 3%@4c; grease, 2'/4@3c.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendocino, 14@15%c: do Lambs', lie per lb:
Middle County, defective," 8@10c: Southern
free, 7 months, 7@10c; do, defective. 7 months,
7@8c; Oregon Valley fine. 14Q15c; do. medium
and coarse. ll@13c; Oregon. Eastern, choice, H
©13c; do. fair to good, 9@llc; Nevada, 10@HV4c
Fall — San Joaquin. 6%@8%c; San Joaquia
Lambs'. 7%@2c.
HOPS— 15@20c per ,1b.
General Merchandise.
— — v
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 7%©
8c; local make, He less than Calcuttas; Wool
Bags, 32@35c; Fleece - Twine.- 7%@Ser~ Fruit
Bags. 5%@6c for cotton and SV4@S*Lc for Jute.
COAL — Wellington. $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant, $6 30; C001
Bay, $3 50; Wallsend. $9; Co-operative Walls
end. $3; Cumberland. $12 50 In bulk and $13 75 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel. $10 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $3 45
per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton. according to
brand.
Harrison's circular says: "During the week
there have been two arrivals of coal from Brit
ish Columbia. 7541 tons; four from Washington,
11.2S3 tons; one from Australia. 407S tons; ona
from New York. 844 tons; total, 23.744 tons.
The amount received this week Is about equal
to the quantity we would consume If all our
factories were running full blast. At the same
time It is somewhat in excess of our present
requirements. The steamers carrying coal from
British Columbia and Washington are making
much better time discharging than they did
several days ago, evidencing that there must
be some leaks among the union laborers or
their places arev being substituted by men
coming from the Interior. As most of the de
liveries of steam coal are off shore, very HttU
delay is being caused, as barges, etc.. are read
ily procurable. When our present labor dis
turbances are settled there will be no difficulty
in getting- fuel expeditiously shipped to meet
all our urgent requirements, as steamers ar»
utilized now entirely. Freight rates on coal
from Great Britain and Australia show a stif
fening tendency. TM3 would indicate that
those who purchased the early part o* this
month did so with advantage. It ls very
evident. Judging from the strong: feeling now
prevailing In the values of the largest oil pro
ducing wells, that better prices for their out
put will hereafter prevail, and consumers can
well afford to pay a reasonable advance 00
present ruling figures."
OILS-Callfornla Castor Oil. in cases. No. L
«0c; pure. $1 22; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled
84c; raw, S2c; cases. Be more; Lard Oil extra,
£ 1 1 te "! t -S ained * b ?, rrel3 - «>c: cases. 85c: China,
Nut, ~>©.2c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot Oil. bar
£L S ', 67 i?f : cases ' 72 * c : Sperm, pure. 63c;
Fish Oil, In barrels, 37^c cases 4 <> >4c
;™AL OIL-Water White Coal" OH? in bulfc.
13c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 19c; Astral 19c- Star
«c: Extra Star. 23c; Elaine. 24c: Eocene Sic
deodorized stove gasoline, in bulk. 13c- in
cases. 21c; .Benzine. In bulk. Me; in cases! 20c;
Sb-deirree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c- In cases 26c
s^?* E ? T ™* : r* !ic J" !r * aU °" «S «?£ a?i
E2c in arums or iron barrels.
G^ R r The Weste m Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per pound, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes. Crushed and fine Crushed. 5.30c; Pow
dered. 5.1oc: Candy Granulated. 5.15c- Dry
Granulated. 5.05c: Confectioners' A. 5.05c- Fruit
Granulated 5.05c; Beet Granulated 4 95^ Ma£
" olia A, J.65c; Extra C. 4.55c; Golden C 445c
$£mo,:* 10 S,?K r ,, e: tolf -»»*™l". 25c mcVeTboxe,:
f^ TH : b S3 k 10 ° more ' No orde " take "
for less than 73 barrels or Its equivalent
Dominos. half-barrels. 5.55c; boxes. s!mc pVr "£
Sair Francisco Meat Market.
Previous prices rule!
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to deal
ers are as follows:
cow E , EF ~" 6 ® 6 * iC fOr Steers aad «©5Ke,Per lb for
J®Sc: small. S@9c per H>." .
pound ' 7@8c: Ewe3 - 7 @ 7 >ic P«r
LaMB— 8@9c per lb '
£~f «». ¦ 6c: feeders. : sows. 20 p^
cent off. boars. O 0 per cent oft and stags 4f»
H'o S s. Cn 7H@9}i c 0m thS ab ° Ve quotatlons: Pressed
Receipts of Produce.
' FOR FRIDAY. AUGUST »3
Flour, qr sks..... 3.36S Middlings sks *1\
Wheat, ctls....... 770 Hay. tons. ... ,"" .^g.
Barley, ctls 10.2r> Straw, tons 1-
Oat». ctls 2.4S* Lime. bbl 3 ...". .«¦
Tallow, ctls...... 218 Leather, rolls ir*
Sugar, ctls........ 1.220 Wine, gals .:::' g [^
Beans, sks.. 333 Quicksilver tisks U
Potatoes, sks 6.60S Hides No ,ii
Onions. »ks: 1.461 Pelts, bdlsi..". 4vi
Bran. Kks : 3.S00i"Wool. bales }?„¦". 3?
1 'Exchange and Bullion. ¦
Sterling Exrharsge, 60 days..-:.... - $4 854
New York Exchange, sight •-, — . 7^.
Sterling Cables :! i '... — 4 SS*i
New York Exchange, sight....:.'. — 71™
New York Exchange, telegraphic — I 9 ¦
Silver, per "ounce — " *&*'*
Mexican Dollars, nominal..'. 47 @ . 4»ii
Wheat and Other Grains.
. "WHEAT-Parls was lower. Liverpool was
unchanged. y^
Chicago was dull and j featureless, but the
market was Inherently firm and would be high
er were j it not for the weakness In Corn. Th»
Coatinsnt took 400,000. bushels hard winter at
St. Louis. Stocks at : Minneapolis will increase
130,000 bushels for the veek. Exports from the
seaboard this week were 6.606.9S3 bushels.
This market continued dull and unchanged
on the spot and futures were lower and dull.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, . 97%c; milling, $1®
1 02% per ctl. ¦ ¦ '
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, $1 01%.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
BARLEY— There Is nothing new to report. "
Feed. 73%@75c for choice bright. 72%c for No.
1 and 70c for off grades; Brewing and Shipping
grades, 77V2@85c; Chevalier, 95c@$l 05 per ctl.
„ ' CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Mornlnj Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS — Most of. the current receipts from the
southern coast i*ere sold prior to arrival, so
they do not compete with offerings from first
hands. At. the same time, offerings are much
larger and the market is quiet as far as this
city Is concerned, though the feeling Is firm.
Grays are selling to arrive at $1 10S1 20. whites
are quoted at $1 13@1 35, Black $1@1 1.0, ana
Red $1.C5@1 20 per ctl.
CORN— Liquidation continued at Chicago, and
the market, was weak, declining from 58%c to
5C%c. New York reported 45 loads taken for
shipment. - Argentine shipments for the week !
were 1.4SO.000 bushels, against 536,000 for the
same week last' year. >
There' was no change In this market. Small
round Yellow. $1 75; Eastern Yellow, $1 65;
"White. $1 75<R1 80 per ctl; mixed, $1 63.
RYE— 73077V2C per ctl.
BUCKW T HEAT— None in first hands. ,
Flour and MUlstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 !3@
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 50@2 73 per barrel for family and
$2 73@S for bakers'; Washington bakers', $2 75
(S3.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; RicV Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy^
$45j4 23; Buckwheat Flour, $4©4 23; Cracked
Wheat. $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, ?3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $6 85*08 35;
in sacks. $6 50@8; Pearl Barley, $3; Split Peas.
$5; Green Feas. |6 50 per 1C0 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s. -
Hay dealers continue to report a very dull
market and not all of the 30 cars on the track
yesterday were sold. Bran and Middlings wer«:
firm at the recent advance.
BRAN— $20@21 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $22@23 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16@17 50 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. S25S26: Jobbing.
$25 50; Cocoanut Cake; $17@18; Corn Meal. $320
33: Cracked Corn. $32 50<j|33 50; Mixed Feed $17
©18. , -
HAY — Wheat, R $7539 50; choice, ¦ $10@10 50
"Wheat and Oat, $6 50@9; Oat. $6@8 50; Barley
and Oat. $6@S; Alfalfa. $8 50@10 50; Clover, $5 50
©7; "Volunteer, $4 50@5 50.
STRAW— 25® 42%c per. bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans continue quiet and unchanged. Santa, i
: Maria reports Pinks along the Plsmo Beach and
\ southward mildewing severely, Whites being j
unaffected.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 60@2. 73; Small White. $4 85
@5; Large White, $4@4 25; Pink, $2 30@2 40;
Red, $3<?3 75; Blackeye, $3 50: Llmas, $6 40@6 50;
Red Kidney, $4 23 per ctl.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard, nominal; "Flax. $2 25@2 50; Canary, 3%
CnVic for Eastern: Alfalfa, nominal: Rape. 1%
@2%c: Hemp. 3%c per 1b.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 65 per ctL
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes continue firm and in the usual de
mand for shipment, but prices show no further
advance. Sweets are lower under larger ar
rivals, and the river descriptions are slow of
sale. Arrivals of Potatoes continued liberal,
amounting to 6G08 sks.' Receipts of Onions
were 1161 sks. The market was steady and
unchanged.
There was no particular change in Vegetables
the market being well supplied as usual.
POTATOES— $1 20@l 40 in sacks and $1 35(31 60
In boxes for Burbank3, $1 20 for Garnet Chiles
and $1@1 10 for Early Rose; Salinas Burbank?.
U 40@l 60: Sweets. %@l%c per lb for Rivers
and l'/jc for new Merced and 73c per sack for
old do.
H ONIONS— Yellow, 90c@$l per ctl; Pickle On
ions.- 75@80c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. l%@2c; String
Beans, l@3c: v Limas. 2@3c; Cabbage, 55@60c
per ctl; Tomatoes from the river, 25@65c; from
Alameda, . 65@73c: Dried Peppers, 10@12%c;
Green Okra,'40@60c per box; Carrots, 25@33c per
sack; Cucumbers, Bay, 20@30c : Pickles. 1%@
IV2C per lb for small and lc for large; Garlic,
2<g3c: Green Peppers. 23<§'40c per box for Chile
and 25@5Cc for- Bell; Egg Plant. 25@50c per box;
Green Corn, 25@65c per sack;*: Alameda, 50®
$1 per crate: Berkeley. 35@30c: Summer Squash,
large boxes. 23@30c; New Marrowfat Squash.
$150320 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Hens are dul and not firm. Good large young
stock Is selling very well, and good old Roos
ters are doing: better. Otherwise there Is little
new.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 8@3c for Gobblers
and 10<<?12c for Hens; Geese, per pair. $1 25S
150; Goslings. $1 25@1 60; Ducks. $2 P0@3 for
old and $3@4 50 for young; Hens. $3 5C@5; young
Roosters, $5(g6 50; old Roosters, • $3 50@4 60; Fry
ers, $4 50; Broilers, $3 50(g)4 for large and $2@3
for small; Pigeons, Jl 23® 1 50 per dozen Tor old
and $1 25@1 50 for Squabs. _
GAME— Doves, per dozen. $1 25; Hare, $1 25@
1 50; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cottontail and $l@l 25
for Brush. . • : %,j •, * f -
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
While, .dealers are quoting another advance In
Butter they are also doubtful about the. Imme
diate future of the market, as . the steamer
Mandelay is about due with the accumulation
of three weeks at Crescent City and Southern
Oregon ports. She- Is expected to bring in all
sorts of Butter in all kinds of condition, which
tends to unsettle the market.
• Supplies of Cheese are larger and the market
is quieter, though the feeling is steady.
Eggs are flrm and . -supplies of fresh are
smaller. . Dealers are taking advantage of the
favorable condition of the market to work oil
their cold-storage stock. -.
Receipts were /29.2CO pounds of Butter,' 553
cases of Eggs, 400' cases Eastern Eggs. 23.200
pounds of California Cheese and pounds of:
; Eastern Cheese.
' BUTTER — Creamery. 25®26c per lb for fancy
! and 24c for seconds: dairy. !S@22%c; store But
ter. 15@17%c perlb; Creamery -Tub. lS«20c
i Pickled Roll, 17@19c ; Keg. 16@lSc per lb.
CHEESE— New. 10<3llc: old. nominal; Young
Americas. 11®11%p per lb: Eastern. 13®ioc.
. EGGS — Ranch. 23Q"27c for good to Tancy
store. 17@21c per dozen: Eastern. 16@21c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Stocks of srood shipping fruit are now small
and with the exception of Plums, which are
weak, the market is firm. Peaches and Bart
lett Pears lead the others.
J Stocks of Melons are not as- excessive "as they
have been., though there are still, large lines
hanging around. ', The weatner ; is warmer "and
clearer, however, and if It continues so the
market will doubtless clean up. - •
.. Supplies of -Grapes are increasing and prices
are ; not as : firm as -they have been. There is
not -mucb call for Qulnees. '•' ¦ -
1 -DECIDUOUS FRUITS. ' '
, APPLES— 75c@$l 25 per box for good to choice
and 40(fi65c for ordinary./iKMRSmgHnMftMm
. CRAB APPLES— 60c@$l 25 per box. according
to package. IB Hft8Se*(MV*4M9l|H
/1'LUMS— 20<2'50c per box; Prunes. 30@75c per
The pressure has risen rapidly over the Pa
cific elope during the past twelve hours. An
area of high pressure ie central off the Califor
nia coast, moving northward, while a small
area of low pressure is central in Eastern Ore
gon and Idaho.
Partly cloudy weather prevails In Washing
ton and Arizona; elsewhere west of the Rocky
Mountains the weather is fair. A thunder
storm is reported from Flagstaff.
The temperature has fallen over the western
portions of Oregon and Washington and re
mained nearly stationary in other districts.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
tours ending midnight, August 24, 1901:
Northern California— Fair, wanner Saturday;
lipht northwest wind.
Southern California— Fair, warmer Saturday:
light northwest wind. •
- Nevada— Fair Saturday; cooler in north por
tion; light northwest wind.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Saturday;
warmer; light northwest winfl.
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
THE COAST RECORD.
Car from San Jose: Plums— Columbia. 85@90c.
average 88c single crates; Kelsey Japan 50t^
80c, average 55c single crates: Washington 60
(S95c, average 66c single crates; Yellow Egg
75c@-$l 05, average $1 single crates. Prunes—
Bulgarian 55@73c, average 72c single crates;
Silver, average $1: Gros $1 20@l 40, average}
$133 single crates. Gross: sale, $710. Twelve!
cars fruit sold to-day. . .
Car from. Sulsun: Pears — Bartletts. average
52 75 boxes; $1 05©r 10, average $1 07 half-boxes.
Car from Abbotts: Pears— Seckles, average
S5c half crates; Bartletts, average $2 50 boxes.
Peaches — Strawberry Cling, average 30c boxes;
Late Crawford, average 65c boxes; Orange
Cling, average 60c boxes; Nectarines, average
$1 single crates. Prunes— Gros, average $1 sin
gle crates. Grapes— Muscat,' average S3c sin
gle crates. Gross sale, $845.
Car from San Jose: Pears— Bartletts $1 45@
1 76, average $1 46 boxes. Plums— Yellow Egg
20c@$l 05, average 87c single crates; Washing
ton, average S5c single crates; Kelsey Japan 4C
©70c, average 63c single crates; Columbia 60
@80c, average 69c single crates; Wickson, aver
age $1 23 single crates: mixed, average 80c sin
gle crates. Prunes— Bulgarian, average $1 03
single crates; Gros $1 10@l 35, average $1 25
single crates; German, .average $165 single
crate3. Gross sale, $815. •
Car from Vacaville: Pears— Bartletts, aver
age $2 70 boxes. Peaches — Crawford, average
85c boxes. Grapes — Tokays, avesage $1 43 single
crates.' . • ¦ -
Car from Loomis: Peaches — Clings, average
30c boxes; McDevitt Cling, average 75c boxes;
Frasstones, average 33c boxes. Grapes—Sweet
water, average 35c single crates.
Car->.from Sacramento: Peaches — Late Craw
ford, 45@50c, average 48c boxes; Yellow, aver
age 45c boxes; Orange Cling, : average $1 23
boxes. Plums— Kelsey Japan, average $1 90 sin
gle crate; Victoria, average 80c single crate;
Golden Drop, 25c(g$l 10, average $1 05 single
crates; Epworth, average $1 10 single crates;
Hancock, 30@80c, average 68c single crates.
Prunes— Hungarian, 75c@$l 60, , average $1 16
single, crates; Fellenberg, $1 50@l 60 . single
crates. Pears— Bartlett, average 86c half
boxes; Seckles, M 3001 70, average $155 half
boxes. Gross salm $1375. Twelve cars fruit
sold to-day. ' V ,
BOSTON, Aug. 23\— The Earl Fruit Company
sales of California fruit to-day here at- auction
realized the following-prices: Peaches — Late
Crawford, boxes. 45c@$l 25 # average $1 02;-Sus
quehanna, boxes, 65c@$l, average 90c; Elberta,
boxes, $1<J?1 20, average $1 04; California Cling,
boxes, average 60c; Chili Cling, boxes, 50@60c.
average E6c; McDevitt. boxes, 45c@$l, average
67c; Mitchell,* boxes, average 55c; White Free,
boxes. 45@$1 10, average ¦¦ $1. Pears— Bartlett,
boxes. $2 05@3 15, average $2 83; half boxes,
$1 40@l 50, averagei $1 44. Prunes— Hungarian,
single crates, $1 30@l 70, average $1 60; Groa,
single crates, average $1 40; Tragedy, single
crates, $1@1 40. average $1 31. Seven cars sold
here to-day. Weather dry and favorable.
CHICAGO, Aug. 23.— Porter Brothers sales
California fruit:
Car from Abbotts: Pears— Bartletts $1 S0@
2 50, average $2 38 boxes. Gross sale, $1235.
Car from Hookston:> Pears— Bartlett, $1 90@
@2 35, . average $2 10 boxes, 85c@l 20. average
$1 07 half boxes. Gross sale, $1025.
Car from Vacaville: . Peaches— Susquehanna,
55® 95c,. : average 73c boxes. - Prunes— Hunga
rian, average %1 SO single crates. Pears — Bart
lett, $1 95ig3 35, average $2 74 boxes; half boxes,
average $1 20. Grapes — Tokay, Jl 05@2 30, av
erage $1 59 single crates. Gross sale, $1295. •
Car from Vacaville: Pears— Bartlett, $1 90@
3 05, average $2 14 box. Grapes— Tokay, aver
age $1 25 single crate. Gross sales. $1245.*
Car from Red Bluft: Pears^ — Bartlett, $1 20(^
2 35, average 12 boxes. Gross sale, $1160.
Porter Brothers Company sales
NEW YORK. Aug. 23.— Earl Fruit Company
sales of California fruit: Pears— Bartlett, 75c
@3 10, average ?1 90 box;Beurre Clalrgeau, $2®
3 15, .average $2 10 box; Bartlett, $1 10®l 30,
average ?1 25 half box. Peaches — Late Craw
ford. 50c@$l, average . 66c box; Susquehanna,
60®95c, average 75c box; Lovell, average 65c
box; McDevitt Cling. 85c@$l 25, average $1 07
box; Orange Cling. 75ci?I$l 25, average 9Sc box;
Strawberry Free, average 50c box. Plums —
Yellow Egg. 50c«i$l 15, average 85c s.'ngle crate;
Kelsey, 35c@$l 50, average 75c single crate;
Burbank. 30@-35c, average 32c single crate;
Quackenboss, $1 20<gi 25, average $1 24 " jingle
crate; Washington, 20@35c, average 32c single
crate. Prunes— Gros, 85c@$l 60,. average %\ 22
single crate; Hungarian. $1 10@l 70, average
$1 £0 single crate; German, 35@90c, average 76c
single crate. Grapes — Tokay, $1 65@1 70, aver
age $1 66 single crate.
fl20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN* FRANCISCO. Aug. 23—5 pi m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka. €2; Mount Tamalpais, 55: Independ
ence. $6; Red Bluff, 82; Fresno, 88; Los An
peles, S2; Sacramento, 76; San Luis Oblspo, 72;
San Diefro. 74.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
66; minimum, 54; mean, 60.
The following maximum and minimum tem
reratur«?f= are reported from Eastern cities:
Boston, 70-64; Cincinnati. S4-72; New York,
J?S-7G; Kansas City. S6-66; - Jacksonville, 84-74;
Washington. SS-77.
Weather Report.
Chicago Ind & Luis pfd SCO 73V4 73 73
Chicago & Eastern 111 127
Chicago & Great West.. -2,400 23 - 22% 22%
Chicago & G W A pfd S2u,
Chicago & G W B pfd.. 46%
Chicago & Northwestrn 300 199V. 195 195
Chicago Rock Isld & P. 1,700 144 ¦ 142»i 143*i '
Chicago Term & Trans. 1.500 20% l9»/i 20 '
Chicago Term & T pfd.. 2,800 41 • 3S}i 40'V
C C C & St Louis 1.100 <;0% 90 90%
Colorado Southern 9,100 15%, 14% -15%!
Colorado So 1st pfd 2.100 55% 55 - E5»4
Colorado So 2d pfd 2,100 25U 24% 25H
Delaware & Hudson l,S0O 170 169 169%
Delaware Lack & West 225
Denver & Rio Grande... 1.000 45 43U 44*!
Denver & R G pfd 4.SC0 S3 7 ' 8 92»» 93>i
Erie 3.300 40% 3»% 40i 2
Erie 1st pfd 17.200 C9»g 6SV4 6i>H
Erie 2d pfd 2.S00 54»4 53«i 54
Great Northern pfd 2.000 186% 156 186U
Hocking Valley 600 53% £2% 54
Hocking Valley pfd 500 76% "8 16\i
Illinois Central 2.S00 lffi 145?i 145&
Iowa Central .' 2,000 40% 40»4 40
Iowa Central pfd 200 75 74% 74V4
Lake Erie & Western... 200 63?4 63 62 "
Lake Erie & West pfd 125
Louisville & Nashville.. S.900 104% 104 104%
Manhattan L 16.&00 320% 118% 120^
Metropolitan Street Ry. 2,400 169% 16S ' 169
Mexican Central 500 25\j 23Vi 20H
Mexican National 1.600 12 11% 1!%
Minneapolis & St Louis. 200 10S 1M 107V'
Missouri Pacific 10,400 106% 104V4 106»i
Missouri Kansas & Tex 1.2P0 27% 27'A 27':g
Missouri K & Tex pfd 2,400 57 T6 66»i
New\ Jersey Central 300 162H 1G2 162
New York Central 2.100 154% 154Vi 154 J ,i
Norfolk & Western 6.400 57 56% 66Vi
Norfolk & Western pfd 89
Northern Pacific pfd 97
Ontario" & Western 700 33% 34% 33
P C C & St L 70
Pennsylvania 10.900 147 146 146%
Reading 9.000 43% 43V4 43H
Reading 1st pfd, ex-dlv. 6.S00 77H 77>i 77%
Reading 2d pfd 8,400 55 54H 54 3 /i
St Louis & San Fran... 500 42 41% 41%
St Louis & S F 1st pfd 77
St Louis & S F 2d pfd.. 100 60 «9 6S>.£
St Louis Southwestern.. 200 31 31 30%
St Louis Southwest pfd. 1,200 64^ 634 64
St Paul 16.400 167% 166 167%
St Paul pfd 1S7
Southern Pacific 60.500 59% 57% 5?%
Southern Railway 20.100 33% 33 33
Southern Railway pfd.. 4.400 SS% S7% SS
Texas & Pacific 9,900 44% 43'i 44V*
Toledo St Louis & West ' 400 22«; 21 21V-
Toledo St L & West pfd 500 35H 34 34%
Union Pacific 60.100 102% 100»i 102%
Union Pacific pfd 300 80% 90VJ 90>i
Wabash 8,600 23 22% -22^
Wabash pfd 11.60J 41% 40% 40%
Wheeling & Lake Erie lS*i
Wheeling & L E 2d pfd. 301 32% 32H 32>,i
Wisconsin Central 700 21'i 21 ' 21
Wisconsin Central pfd.. 100 43 43 43
Express Companies —
Adams 175
American ' 192
United States 8S
Wells Fargo 160
Miscellaneous —
Amalgamated Copper... 52.41X1 121% 119% 120%
American Car & F 2.500 30 29% 23%
American Car & F pfd.. 600 S5% 85% 85%
American Linseed Oil ' 20
American Linseed O pfd 100 62VJ 62% CIV-
Amer Smelting & Kef. 2.200 - 53% »2% 53
Amer Smelt & R pfd... 1.200 101 101 100%
American Tobacco 500 135 134% 134%
Anaconda Mining Co 7,300 47% 46'-i 47%
Brooklyn Rapid Transit. 5.000 77U 75% 76%
Colorado Fuel & Iron... 2,00.) 98 97V> 97>*
Consolidated Gas 2,309 225% 225 225%
Continental Tobacco.... 1,800 C7% 67'i 67%
Continental Tobacco pfd 4D3 119 ¦ 118 119
General Electric 200 264 263 263
Glucose Sugar ». 400 56% 56»4 55
Hocking Coal 500 20% 20% 20
International Paper .... 6.400 23% 23>4 2n\e
International Paper pfd. .3.400 7S«.4 77% 78%
International Power .... 403 '92% S2% 92V-
Laclede Gas 91
National Biscuit 6W 44% 44U 44%
National Lead 500 21 20>i 20Vj
National Salt 42%
National Salt pfd...' 67
North American 200 100 100 99
Pacific Coast ,.... 68
Pacific Mail 500 4V/4, 41% 41%
Peoples Ga* 7.400 113% 112'A 113U
Pressed Steel Car 100 42 42" 42
Pressed Steel Car pfd ,... " 83%
Pullman Palace Car 301 2W4 2QSVI 207
Republic Steel 1,800 21% 21% 21H
Republic Steel pfd 1,100 76% 73% 76
Susrar 8.500 136% 134% 1?5%
Tennessee Coal & Iron.. 9,600 67% 64% C7
Union Has & P Co 500 37% 17% 17%
Union Bag & V Co pfd... 100 73 71 " 73
United State? leather.. 2.100 ]3"& ]3% 13%
V S Leather. pfd 5.60(1 82%/ 82 82%
United States Rubber.. 530 20 -O9Vi 19>i
IT S Rubber pfd 10O 5714 57% " r.7U
United States Steel Zl.ono 44 4.'i'4 43%
U S Steel pM 13,.^W 93% 931,4 93%
Western Union fiOO 93% 93 . 93%
63S.000 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2s re&..~...l07%| N Y Cent lsts 104H
V S ref 2s coup. ..107% N J Cent gen 5s...l'9
U S 2s reg 10SW N Pacific 3s 71%
U S 2s coup lOSVi N Pacific 4c 104%
U S new 4s rer 137- N Y C & S L 4s.. .106%
U S new 4s coup. .337 N & W con *.* 101%
U S old 4s rep US Or Nav lsts 110
U S old 4s coup. ..113 Or Nav 4s ]. "lO3 '
U S 3s reg 107% Or Short Line Gs.!!l2.'.»i
U S 5s coup 107% Or S Line con 5s.. .117%
Dist of Col 3.G5K...324 Reading Gen 4s .. B5V>
Atchison gon 4s... .103% R G Western lstR..100'i
Atehison adj 4s.... 97 V* SLAIJI con 3s. 116%
Canada So 2ds 100 S L & S F gen 6s.l26%
Ches & Ohio 4%s...lO7V6 St Paul cons. 384
Ches & Ohio 5s 322 S P C & P lsts . IIS
C & NW con 7s.. ..138 S P C & P as 116*4
C &-NWSFdeb os.123 1 .; Southern' Pac 4s 92'
Cheo Term 4s 94 So Railway 5s 116%
Colo Southern 4s... f>8 Stand R & T 6s Tm
D & R G 4s 101% Tex & Pac lstP..."ll8%
Erie Genera! 4s SS'/a Tex & Pac 2ds 98V.
F W & D C lsts.30T. Union Pacific 4s. ..104%
Gen Electric us... ..200 Wabash lsUVTV US
Iowa Central lsts.. 113 Wabafsh 2ds HOW
L & N Uni 4s... ..101% West Shore 4s.V.'.'.".;il3%
M K & T 2ds K2% Wla Cent lstf...... 87%
M K & T 4s 38 Va Centuries 94%
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 23 Little Chief 12
Alice ; . — ¦ 45 Ontario ! 7 t.n
Bt«ece 1 40 Ophir ...." 73
Brurowick-Con 08 Phoenijc .. . •"•¦¦
Comstock Tunnel... 00 Potosi . n»
Con Cal & Va 1 65 Savage ,.*.'.".*.' 05
Deadwood Terra.... 65 Sierra Nevada ""l"
Horn Silver 1 73 Small Hones ""' 30
Iron Silver 5U Standard " % 2 00
Leadville Con ....:. OC 7.. '
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Rubber ...... iju
Call loans 3%@4Vi- Union Pacific .".V"lO2v!
Time loans 4 @3 Westingrhousc El... 70%
Stocks— Mining Shares—
A T & S F 77% Adventure ... ' 27
A. T & S F pfd..... 97% Bingham Mln Co... 43 I
American Sugar.. ..136 Amalg Copper 120%
Am Telephone 163'A Atlantic .... ' " 36%
Boston Elevated.... 178 Calumet & Hecla 745
Dominion Coal 3S% Centennial 30
Dom Coal pfd lir,'^ Franklin .. " 18'A
U S Steel 43% Humboldt r" 25
U t5 Hteei pfd 93Vt- Osccola '100
Fltchburr pfd ....14C Parrot ." 53
Gen.Electric 263% Quincy ... " \7>
Ed Elec III 240 Tamarack ".".'340'
Mexican Central ..25% Utah- Minlns ..... . 30i£
N E Gas fi: Coke.. 6% Wlnona 4
Old Colony : 2C3 Wolverines .. . ' " 65V4
Old Dominion ..... 34.
NEW \ORK. Auff. 23. -The following table,
compiled by, Bradstreet. shows the bank clear-
Ings, at all the principal cities for the week
ended August 22, with j the percentage of in
crease and decrease as . compared with the
corresponding week last, year: u , 11 " lne
>¦„., , V ' ' Percentages.
t-lties— Amount. inc i ¦ Dec "
£n^ n * Crk - W.030.563.935 42 8 . .
J> o ? ton 119,090,543 27.4'.
Dhn a f°. L\ -.'138,564,962 13.0 ....
Philadelphia 117.S50.S46 47.9 •
IV. » v ls * 40.11S.924 3i.4 ....
Pittsburg 32.2SS.523
•Baltimore I IS. 475. 706 ¦' " 25.0 ' : ....
San Francisco 19.325.649 44 ,.
Cincinnati 17.141.600 20 6"
Kansas City/. - ¦ 18.060,021 ' 20 1 v
New Orleans .;..,. 8,674.801 36.5"
Minneapolis 8.050,102 ...? , ig"i
U . etr0 , lt • 10.726.524 30.2' ,.'>
Cleveland 14.181,914 42.7 ....
Louisville 7,942,690 222
Providence 5.333.&00 6.4 ¦
Milwaukee ' 6,491.863. 23.2 ••>
St- _ paul . ¦• 4.040,531 .... ._ 3.1
£"ffalo 5,470,570 22 8- .¦
Omaha ..-. 6.449.42S 3.3 -' ".'.'.
Indianapolis 7,7C0,9o4 : 34.3 ' ....
£?.', U ,, ml l US> Ohi0 ---- 6.2S4.7C0 30.0
Wilkesbarre 787.439 ¦
Savannah .: 2.273.191 "" 25b
Denver ~ 4,464,520 y>\\ '..;.»
Hartford 1,911,242 r 3.6 ....
K'chmond 2,942.011 .... .-.
M . em P, his l,f92,O63 17.2 - "....'
Washington 1721747' 42 •
£ e °ria 2;i77i919 7is '.'.'.'.
Rochester 1.639,204 15.6 .
New Haven ........ 1.3S5.020 23 7
Morcester 1.417.1S7 21.9 I!"
At f n r ta , "A ' 1-671.471 41.6 - ...;
fcalt Lake City 3,512.027 . 80.9 - ....
fcprinKfield. Mass... 1,251 376 27 *
S or * W 5 rth c 2.243,164 63!5 '.'.'.'.
Portland, Me 1.126.987 215
Portland. Or.. 2.<M7,036 7.9
St. Joseph .-. . 4.flR9,9S4 39 3
Los Angeles 2.728.306. 30'
Norfolk 1.164.477 173 ' "
Syracuse .1.079.326 21 7- " "
P.es^'nes 1.531.381 64. S '.'.'.'.
Nashville 1,293.341 40. S
Del... • SG0.543 7R
Fall River CC3.771 "17'i '*"'
Scranton , " 1.145,200 '*10.4 "'"
Grand Rapids 1.3S8.963 23 1
Augusta. Ga 672 $25 57
Lowell 454.98S 22"!6
Dayton, Ohio 1.123.173 19 7
Seattle 2.96S.743 39^ '.'.'.'.
Tacoma 1.053.6S2 5 0 -
Spokane 1.01S.114 19.3
Sioux City 1.503.553 5.8
New Bedford 400.364 3 S
Knoxvllle, Tenn.... S44.ri9.-i -74 ' '•
Toprka 1.193.136 23^3 '.'.'.'.
Birmingham . 761214 3.6
Wichita 55.0.935 4.9
Binjrhamton 2S2.RO9 28 9
Lexington, Ky 361.4.15 29 4
Jacksonville. Fla... 293,193 54*2
Kalcmazoo . 3S3.145 2!<5 '.'.'.'
Akron 624.000 42!l '.'.'.'
Chattanooga 410.904 33.8
Rookford. Ill 309,112 3S.5
Canton. Ohio..". 322,300 457 '""'
Sprtngfleld, Ohio... 2.i6.3S3 .... 24*4
Fargo, N. D 29S.S31 25.2 . •;..;
Sioux Falls, S. D.. 177.400 40 4
Fremont, Nebr."...." 146.496 417
Davenport 865.492 10.6 ;
Tolodo 2.133.000 ' 2 *
1 Galveston 6,135.OO<". 55.6
Kvunsville S r -6.r.5S 36 fi
Mocon 72S.0OO 63 '
Little Rock 540,549 49 5
Helena 543.757 4 4
Sprlnsrfleld. Ill 510.300 52_*.9
Youngsiown ' 404.634 54.7
Bloominjctcn. 111... 267.101 SP.2 . . ..
Jacksonville. 111..-.. 172.119.- 21.9 -i
Colorado Springs... ' 960,011 .... ....
Totals TJ. S $1,708,422,662 34.7 7717
Totals outside of
New York ... 677,838,637 23.9 „..
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $15,759,763 24.1 ....
Toronto .; 11.093.214 34.4 ....
Winnipeg 2.332.602 7.7
Halifax 1,753.443 - 12.9 ....
Hamilton 743,762 R.9 - ....
St. John, N. B . SSI. 352 20.3
Vancouver. B. C. 998.936 4.5
Victoria, B. C 519.008 24.6
Quebec 1,117,019
Totals .....r.... $34.O79,OSS 23.0 7777
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL. ; . •
Wheat— 1; ;¦.',-•• - Sept. Dec.
Opening .: 5 7^ 5 S%i
Closing '.. 5 VA . 0 S%
' PARIS.
'Wheat— ' - . -.. ,Aug. Nov. -Feb.
Opening ....2180 22 So . ,
Closing r. 21 70 22 60
Flour— i '
Opening 27 SO 2S S5 '
Closing ..27.70 '28 70 j
Bank Clearings
Exchangc and Silver as before quoted.
Bran and Middlings firm. Hay dull and zvcak.
Beans quiet and unchanged.
Potatoes and Onions slill active.
Vegetable market well supplied with all sorts.
Butter and Eggs firm, with light stocks.
Poidtryr in good supply and quiet.
Peaches and Pears firm. Plums easier.
Fresh Primes selling at $30 per ton at the orcluxrds.
Dried Fruits of all kinds very firm.
Pure Lard I-2C higher. Oilier Provisions unchanrc^
Nothing nezv in Wool. Hops and Hides.
Meat quotations as before. I :
Fair trading on the Stock Exchanges.
WASHINGTON," Aug. 23.-To-day ; s state
ment-of the treasury balances In the- general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold re
aT 6 , lS' the u division -ot- redemption, shows:
831^3 ?Ca balance - J17S,4SS,1O7;. gold.* $104,-
Condition of the Treasury.
Bar silver, 5S%c. 'Mexican dollars, 45J4c. Bond
—Governments, steady; States, Inactive; rai
roads, strong. ¦ . ¦•,--.. •¦•¦¦: : - ~
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
quiet: flour In Paris,, quiet: French country
markets, quiet and steady; weather in England,
fair. ¦¦ -— ~. ¦ .
COTTON— Uplands. 4T4d.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Aug. 23.— Clearings, $341,057;
balances, $58,318.
Northern Wheat Market.
Oregon/ \ /
PORTLAND. Aug. ¦ 23.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 57c: blue stem, 5S^c.
,_. WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Aug." 23.— WHEAT— Quiet; blue
stem, 58c; club, "57c. •;.-».-.
Grain quotations eased off somewhat during
the week, though ; the net decline was small.
Corn is still close to the highest price since
1892. even with a host of important Influences
militating against such ' inflated figures.
Weather conditions steadily improve, making
the putlook bright for late planted corn. For
eign customers have been driven away by ex
orbitant prices -to the benefit of Russia and
Argentina, and Atlantic exports for three
weeks aggregated only 1.862,589 bushels, against
7,636,548 bushels last year, and 12,720,027 bushels
two years "ago. Meanwhile, Interior receipts
steadily exceed those of a year ago. indicating
that farmers have large stocks carried over
from previous excessive yields. Nevertheless
prices remain above sixty cents. The slight re
action In wheat Is explained by the decrease in
Atlantic shipments to 4,833,735 bushels, against
7.352.£26 bushels In the previous week. Com
pared with the exports of 1,670,817 bushels last
year, and 2,798,887 bushels two years ago, how
ever, there appears a phenomenal sain. p - a
clfie exports are still retarded by labor troubles
and the movement will be striking once started.
Failures for the week number 203 In the
United States, against 171 last year, and thirty
five In Canada, against twenty-nine last year.
After a season of. dullness at eight cents a
pound, cotton suddenly developed considerable
animation and strength. The chief influence
was unsatisfactory weather in. Texas, although
there was also aid in the speculative market
from covering of . the larse short interest out
standing. Liverpool quickly responded to better
prices here. There was further support in the
failure of any agreement regarding wage reduc
tion at Fall River, as a strike would assuredly
have followed and consumption of the raw ma
terial been materially curtailed.. Decided inter
est is shown in fall goods, the fall trade being
well occupied. In lines exported to China there
Is a fair movement.
One of the most satisfactory signs is the evi
dence that little summer stocks will have to be
carried over. Sole leather continues remarkably
strong, union backs gaining another cent, while
there is a splendid demand for hemlock, both
for domestic use and export. , Belting advanced
and kangaroo leather Is much higher. Hides are
without chance In , price and selling freely.
Slightly better terms asked for staple woolen
and worsted poods In no way diminished the
volume of sales, and the lightweight season
promises to be one , of activity. In heavy
weights there is also noticed greater interest on
the part of buyers than Is customary at this
late date. These improved conditions in the
manufacture give a. tone to raw wool despite
the heavy arrivals at Eastern markets of the
new clip.
Exceptional activity is still the rule at shoe
shops and promises to continue \for some
months." ~ \. ¦ ¦ - . .. ;¦ N
The Amalgamated Association of Iron, . Steel
and Tin- Plate Workers succeeded in enlisting
the sympathy of other workmen,' with the re
sult that the output of merchant bar and wire
rods is curtailed to the extent of about 40,000
tons monthly. Beyond this defection, wage
earners in allied branches of the steel industry
have retused to break their contracts.- Many
idle mills resumed during the past week; and
even in the tin plate region there is a moderate
output. Plates have begun to- arrive Irom
abroad and prices in the London market sharp
ly advanced. Hood and sheet mills increased
production daily, and- there is no loss in the
rail division, but some anxiety is felt regard
ing supplies of cotton ties, as the picking sea
son has begun in many States.
i Except in certain branches of the textile mar
kets, sellers of merchandise have an advantage
over buyers and "distribution "is as ; large as
stocks will permit. -¦'- ':¦-¦¦¦• -
¦ Though there are some - drawbacks, notably
the labor troubles in the iron and steel industry,
businesses of well sustained volume, to which
fact payments v through the country's clearing
houses, railroad earnings and the strength of
prices of staple and . partly : manufactured
merchandise offer amale testimony. ,. '
Dun's Review of Trade.
NEW YORK. Aug. 23.-^-R. G. Dunn & Co.'p
Weekly Review, of Trade to-morrow will say:'
.Canadian failures for the week number 24
as against 25 last week; 29 s a year ago; -23
in 1S99;27 in 1S38, and 39 in 1897. -, ." .
; Business-troubles show,no increase, the fail
ures for the week. numbering 162, as against
178. last week; 135 in this week a year ago;
154 in ISM: 172 in 1S98, and 210 In 1S97.
I. Wheat. • including flour. < exports for the
week aggregate 6,606,989 bushel?, as against
3.039,761 bushels, last week (the record total),
and. 2,695.168 bushels in the .week , last ,.5'ear.
Wheat exports July 1 to date (eight weeks),
aggregate 50,559,321 bushels, as against 22.
610,146 .bushels last season. ! .
though : not", active" at' first hands."
Wool and "woolen : goods are ; string, the
former on active buying by manufacturers
and advices that the risw clip in • the •" West
has been pretty well cleaned up. Boston and
Philadelphia alike report activity In' the^raw
material, ,>without, however, ¦ any., actual -; ad
vance in nrices. Woo'en mills are" fully em
ployed on fall orders, while a liberal business
has. been booked lor spring delivery. \
Iron and steel show little change, acces
sions to the strikers in the case of the leading
tube works of. the country having- been tal
anced by the reopening of "stuck" mills in
the Pittsburg. district. -.Tin plates and sheets
are scarce and hard to get and. an order, for
5U.C00 boxes at $7 per box was'' "refused this
week at Pittsburgh Chicago iron, and steel
Jobbers are reported besieged by buyers:
¦ Building material 'is quite active, 1 although
the. steel strike interferes with progress at
some centers. Lumber stocks are very gener
ally smalland full prices are obtained for de
sirable, lots. Sugar is lower and rather irreg
ular, but the decline In-. this product and -in
flour and tin are the only 'important decreases
noted for the week. .'
, Leather and kindred trades are active at
most markets. , ¦¦¦".•
I THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 24, 1901.
LOCAL MARKETS.
California Fruit Sales.
FRUIT AND CEREAL BULLETIN,
Chicago Gra in Market.
Continued on Page Eleven.
5@7%c higher, lard a shade lower • and ribs
2«£c higher. ..' ¦ * : - - ; ".' -
¦ The leading futures ranged, as 'follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. -2— 7 V
September... 70?; •"• 70%. 70 704
December ..:... 73 l /» 73»£ 72Vi "2%
May ". 76% 76Ts 76 76Vi"
Corn No. 2—
September 58^ .56% 54^. 55%
December 58*i SS^ < 56 is 87%
May '........:....... 60% ' 60% 59}i £3Vi
— Oats No. 2 — ->
September 347V 35 - 34 34*4
December 36% .. 36% 35>i - 35^
May :..¦.:....;.....;. J 38% •• , 38*6 ¦ • -• 37% 38-
Mess pork, per barrel-
September ...'. 14 27'4 14 35..14 27<£ 14 35
October .14 37>/i "14 42V4 s 14 37V> 14 42^
January..: .15 50 15 52% 15 45 15 55
Lard, per 1C0 pounds— '
September ::......:. S S7& " 8 90 N '"" 8 So "" 8 90
October. ....... v*.... 8 95 8 97^ 8 92^ S 97&
January • S SO , 8 82Vi S75 8 SO
• Short ribs, - per 100 pounds — ' *
September: :.. S 25 .8 3214 S 25 8 32'^
October ,'..........., S 32>4 S 40 . 8 32& 8 40
January'...../.,.... 7 92% ' 9"%' .7 92^ 7 92%.
• Cash quotations were as follows: No. Z
spring. wheat. 6S%@63%e; No.-.2 red, 71t£c; No.
2 yellow,7 56%@56Hc: No. 2 oats.. 35?4®3ffM.c; No.
2 white. 37&@38&c; No. 3 white, 37<§33~c; No.
2 rye, 57^c;,fair;to choice malting barley, 59@
63c; No. I-flaxseed, $1 61; No.-»1' Northwestern,
$1 65: prime timothy seed, $5 55@5 60: mess pork,
.per ¦ barrel. $14 35@14 40; ¦ lard,- per 100 pounds.
JS S7»i(gS 90;, short ribs sides (loose). ?S 15@S 35;
dry salted shoulders (boxed), 7Vi@7V2C; short
clear sides (boxed),- $S 80@8 90. •
Articles-—' ".- Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 14, COO • 10,000
Wheat, bushels ....255,000 '215,000
Corn, bushels 7.. .308.-000 ¦ ' 95,000
Oats, bushels ...291.000 '163,000
Rye, bushels ............; 130,000 ''¦¦' - 4,000
Barley, bushels ,. . . 31,0C0 '. '"-
i On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was easy; creameries, 14@20c;idalries,'
13@20c Cheese, steady,. 9%@10?ic. Eggs, firm,
fresh. 14c. „ _
8
Sales on the morning session of the Bond
ExcbUnga were In small lots, and fluctuation*
were few. Spring Valley "Water was higher at
$S4S0@S5. and Gas ami Electric at $33 50<&"3D >5
On tho Oil Exchange Hom,e was still firmer
at $3 75<§3 ST. ami, Petroleum Center was active
at 4@3c. The Improvement in Home is said to
be due to the expected settlement of the Hearst
SU 1 1.
In the afternoon Contra Costa "Water ad
vanced to $77 62V4. Spring Valley Water to |S5 5u
and Gas and Electric to $33 30
Hanfofd oti »oid up to $13 "m the afternoon
and Home up to $3 90. «"«nwn
The delinquent a.-sessment sale of the Goul.1
2 2
-I « : =
STATIONS. 1 3 =3
a - <
i is r
HcllistPr 73 51
Hanford SS 69
KTapa 7* 42
San Jose 79 47
Riverside S8 46
Palermo S3 49
Ventura 70 S3
Santa Maria 70 ."2
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
w
sw
NW
s" Brisk
STATIONS.
O'*/ S 2 "
3 =3 =3 $%
» re ? g =• c
5 : 3 : 3-E=
05 *"£
it i
Astoria ,
Baker
Carson
Eureka
Fresno
Flagstaff
Pocatello. Idaho.
I nd*=pen<ience
Los Ang-eles
Thoenix
Portland
Red Bluff
Kosefcurg
Sacramento
Salt I^ake
San Franrlsco
t^an Luis Obispo.
San Diego
Seattle
Spokane
N'eab Bay
Valla Walla
Winnemueea
Yuma
...30.C2 64 52 SW
...2S.76 S4 60 S
...29.SS ?2 46 \V
...30.04 €2 <S XX%"
...29.S2 tS 54 W
...SO.H hi 46 NE
...29.84 f2 r.8 S
...29.S0 f-6 62 SE
...29.94 S2 i4 W
...29.S0 1C6 74 NE
...23.J-6 72 ?8 SE
...23.94 S2 54 SE
...29.96 76 54 N
...30.C0 76 14 S
...29.84 90 66 SE
...30.06 66 54 SW
...30.06 72 54 W
...23.92 74 58 NW
...29.SS f2 54 NV
...28.S2 92 52 N
54 ....
...29.70 100 64 XW
...2S.7S 88 50 SW
...29.7S 104 66 W
Pt.Cldy 0
Clear 0
Clear 0
Clear 0
Clear 0
Pt.Cldy .02
Clear 0
Clear 0
Clear 0
Claudy 0
Clear 0
Clear 0
Pt.Cldy .10
Clear 0
Clear T.
Clear 0
Clear 0
Clear T.
Clear 0
Clear 0
Cl?ar
Clear 0
Clear 0
Clear 0
2 2
-I « : =
STATIONS. 1 3 =3
a - <
i is r
HcllistPr 73 51
Hanford SS 69
KTapa 7* 42
San Jose 79 47
Riverside S8 46
Palermo S3 49
Ventura 70 S3
Santa Maria 70 ."2
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
w
sw
NW
s" Brisk
STATIONS.
O'*/ S 2 "
3 =3 =3 $%
» re ? g =• c
5 : 3 : 3-E=
05 *"£
it i
Astoria ,
Baker
Carson
Eureka
Fresno
Flagstaff
Pocatello. Idaho.
I nd*=pen<ience
Los Ang-eles
Thoenix
Portland
Red Bluff
Kosefcurg
Sacramento
Salt I^ake
San Franrlsco
t^an Luis Obispo.
San Diego
Seattle
Spokane
N'eab Bay
Valla Walla
Winnemueea
Yuma
...30.C2 64 52 SW
...2S.76 S4 60 S
...29.SS ?2 46 \V
...30.04 €2 <S XX%"
...29.S2 tS 54 W
...SO.H hi 46 NE
...29.84 f2 r.8 S
...29.S0 f-6 62 SE
...29.94 S2 i4 W
...29.S0 1C6 74 NE
...23.J-6 72 ?8 SE
...23.94 S2 54 SE
...29.96 76 54 N
...30.C0 76 14 S
...29.84 90 66 SE
...30.06 66 54 SW
...30.06 72 54 W
...23.92 74 58 NW
...29.SS f2 54 NV
...28.S2 92 52 N
54 ....
...29.70 100 64 XW
...2S.7S 88 50 SW
...29.7S 104 66 W
Pt.Cldy 0
Clear 0
Clear 0
Clear 0
Clear 0
Pt.Cldy .02
Clear 0
Clear 0
Clear 0
Claudy 0
Clear 0
Clear 0
Pt.Cldy .10
Clear 0
Clear T.
Clear 0
Clear 0
Clear T.
Clear 0
Clear 0
Cl?ar
Clear 0
Clear 0
Clear 0¦ Eight men were . robbed of $104 in the
aggregate the previous night- at Grange
City, four. miles below Riparia. i , Two foot
pads did the work. A vigilance commit
tee • has been ; organized ' In Riparia, and
the announcement is made that the- men
will be hanged if caujsht. ¦ ¦¦
COLFAX, Wash., Aug. . 23.— Word comes
from Riparia* that a bold holdup, which
nearly resulted, in murder, occurred Jn the
railroad yards at that ' place at V o'clock
this' morning. Two men were robbed,
after one . of. them, had been shot. Ies3
than fifty yards from the depot, while a
freight : train crew was working In the
yards. The robbers escaped and" the
wounded man was p:aced on an engine
and . sent back to ' Starbuck for surgical
treatment. ¦':.+-'¦- ~-~
VIGILANTES WIlii, HANG
FOOTPADS JF CAUGHT
WASHINGTON, Aug. 23.— Acting Secre
tary of' War Sanger.upon the recommen
dation of Colonel Randolph, chief 6f ar
tillery, has directed that the last Increase
of artillery be organized into nine bat
teries Of. field artillery, their stations,
numbers and commanding officers to be
as follows:
Battery 22, Fort Douglass, Utah, Captain A.
Cronkhlte. • . .
Battery 23. Fort Ethan Allen, Vermont, Cap-
tain-, John Cbnklln Jr. --. _ .-.•¦¦ ..
Battery 24.. the Presidio, San Francisco, Cap
tain J. ' D. "White. . . •
Battery 25, Manila, Captain Charles G.
Woodward: '•.¦,. ' !?•**?
Battery 26, Vancouver Barracks, -/Wash., Cap
tain Harry Ii. : Hawthorne. ..-. . . ... . ,
.Battery 27, .Washinsrton Barracks, D. • C,"
Captain John E. McMahon.. . ;,.; .
Battery 28, Jefferson Barracks, Mo., Captain
Charles T. Mencher. .
.Battery 29, Fort Ethan Allen, Vermont,iCap
tain K E3. Gayle.-.-/. ' .-•: , :¦¦ ¦
Battery 20. . Fort ."Walla Walla; Wash.; Cap
tain E. F. McGlachlin Jr." . . ¦
These batteries' will v be formed out of
several j old and the ; newly; en
listed men for^ the artillery corps. On ac
count of thepromotjon of Major J. M. K
Davis,- Artillery? Corps; to be • lieutenant
colonel. .Major Thomas R. •¦"•Adams of the
same." corps .is, detailed to .the inspector
general's department. . ~ -. ,
In connection with the organization of
field artillery .General Chaff ee ihas : cabled
a, recommendation that the Fourteenth
Battery; of. field artillery, now stationed
ftt" Manila, be; organized ¦ as a- mountain
battery. The 1 , acting .. secretary 'and chief
r^»;iilery.have approved this recommen-
with the " modification; of dividing
tne Fourteenth Battery into 'two .moun
tain*batteries. They- will'be equ)pped:for
service-: In the Philippines.
Additional Artillery Di
vided Into Nine
Commands. •"
LIEUTENANT IS KELIjED
IK : PHILIPPINE ACTION
General Chaffee Reports on Casualties
That Recently Occurred at
the Front. ;(£ . ?-
WASHINGTON. Aug. 23.-General Chaf
fee reports by mail the following casual
ties in the Philippines:
In the engagement at Calceda, Samar,
June 23, 1901. Edward E. Downes, first
lieutenant. First Infantry, killed in ac
tion; Harry W. Wilson, First Infantry,
killed in action; Gust Frankan. acting
hospital steward,', elbow, moderate.
. In the engagement at Silar, Bohul, June
17.- 1901: Albert C. Krause, Company I,
Nineteenth Infantry, killed in action.
In the engagement, at Lintogo, Min
danao, June 18:- Charles WV Fischer, ser
geant, Company D, Twenty-third Infan
try, thigh, slight. .. .". ,
-In the engagement at Loboo, Luzon,
'June 20, 1901: Gottfried Huge. Twenty
seventh Coast Artillery, slight; John A.-
Browne, sergeant. Thirty-sixth Coast Ar
tillery, chest, severe.^ . ¦
Georgia Bridges Washed Away.
ATLANTA, Ga.. Aug. 23.— A special to
the Constitution from Ellijay, Ga., says:
Every bridge on Cartreay • River, five in
all, including the Atlanta. Knoxville and
Northern bridge, was washed away. Many
mills are gone and others are damaged.
Cartreay River is higher than for fifty
two years.. :; ¦>¦¦•-:
ITOTED POLICE CHIEFS
V7U/L GUARD UONABCHS
Preparations to Insure Safety of Ed
y .ward and the Czar.
LONDON, Aug. 23.— It i3 now under
stood that . the; forthcoming be
tween King Edward and Emperor Nich
olas will occur in Fredenborn, Denmark.
It Is asserted that the chief of the Rus
sian secret police will go from Paris and
Inspector Melville of Scotland Tard from
London to Fredenborn to insure the safe
ty of the august visitors. • »V:: :. ; "i
BERLIN. -Aug. 23.— It is officially an
nounced that the Czar in an autograph
letter definitely . accepted Emperor Wil
liam's invitation to attend the naval ma
neuvers . at Dantzic. The date for
their meeting has not yet been officially
announced, but is likely to fall between
September 10 ' and 15. It is also
believed that the ,two Emperors will
meet on board the German imperial yacht
Hohenzollern. ; »''¦--¦¦
Governor's "Wife May. Recover.
| FRANKFORT, . Ky., Aug. 23.— the phy-"
slclans In attendance upon Mrs. Beckham,
wife 6f Governor '.Beckham, are : now
ihopefu« of the 1 recovery of their patient.
Her temperature; has been; reduced to
100^, and she Is regaining strength, v
LATE SHIPPING INTET.T.IGENCE.
.DOMESTIC PORTS. .,
ST . MICHAELr-In ;port Aug 11— Br stmf
Wyefleld; from Oyster Harbor: stmr St Paul,
from Nome; . strrir.Elihu Thomson, : froin Se
attle; schr.Bangor, from Vancouver; stmr Ore
gon,' from Nome. ] .... . - " •• ..';,. • .
NOME— In port A<ug 12— U S stmf Thetla,
U S stmr Egberts stmr. Newsboy, from Grays
Harbor. ~ ' ' ' ¦ . ¦ . it
¦ Sailed— Stmr Portland, .. for Vancouver.
Arrived — Stmr Santa- Ana, from Seattle. .
DUTCH HARBOR— In, port Augr 12— U S stmr
Concord: -schr,'- Pearl. • from . Unalaska: stmr
Portland, from", Nome; ,U, S. stmr Pathfinder;
stmr Newport, " from ¦ Cooks Inlet. ' . ' '
• NE AH BAY— Passed fti Augr 23^-Stmr . New
bure. from . Santa Barbara. .'¦".. ' ¦ - ¦- ,
Passed outward Aug 23-rU S Ptmr Perry and
stmr : Puebla; y. for . San '- FrOTicisco. ....
, ' -- v : OCEAN STEAMER.- *; ; . .
UZARDr-Paesed --.Auk ' 23-^Stmr • Koenigren
Louise, - from New/.Tork. : for , Southampton J and
J3t einea.- ;.'¦¦•. . . ' ¦¦ ¦ ¦ . . ¦ ¦ •
FLORENCE, Ariz.. Aug. 23.— Harry-
Shaw's Riverside Station, thirty miles
east of Florence, was held up on Wednes
day night at 7 o'clock by two masked
men and robbed of $160 in cash and other
articles of value. Shaw and Sam Ktnley.
who claims to be a PInkerton detective,
were in the house at the time and the
latter had $40 and his revolvers taken
from him.
Outlaws Eob a Detective.
The Governor sent in a message Indicat
ing that the First National Bank was in a
fair way to be reopened and asking for
legislation to enable the State to take ad
vantage of the bank's resuming so as to
get hold of all its money within 180 days.
The resolution was adopted. The under
standing here is. that John R. Klrby of
Houston and other bondsmen of Robbins
have acquired a majority of the bank's
stock v and will co-operate with W. B.
Wortliam, its president, in taking it out
of 'the hands of. a receiver and settling
with its depositors. . . : / \ r ~;~~-
AUSTIN, Tex., Aug. 23.— The House to
day refused to pass a resolution to im
peach State Treasurer Robbins for having
a large amount of the State's money on
deposit in the First National Bank of
Austin when it failed recently.
NEW BATTERIES
FOR THE ARMY
Many of the members i of the Kappa
Kappa Gamma have arrived at the uni
versity and are already installed in their
new home. Up to the present they have
been busily engaged in the work which
the opening of a new college year makes
imperative, but In a short time they will
commence making it pleasant for, them
selves and those lucky enough to get
"Invites.". , . , .::•"... •' • . ... ' ;
It is expected that In consequence of
this particular fraternity having such
handsome, modern and convenient quar
ters, a spirited . race for college - social
honors will be inaugurated and that its
functions, will be the most select at the
Mniversity. * ' . ; " . '
Just what social plans have been made
for the coming season by the Kappa
Kappa Gamma are not known, but it 'is
thought that they .will entertain 'more
extensively than the male students.
Needless to say, both the male and fe
male students are looking forward to
what promises to be the merriest and
most pleasant winter ever. spent by col
legians at Berkeley.
THE proudest co-eds attending the
university • are the "• members of
the Kappa Kappa Gamma Fra
ternity. They have every reason
to be proud, for they have com
pleted the work of reconstructing the
home of the society and now have one of
the prettiest and cosiest "frat houses"
in Berkeley.
Thi» sorority Is the oldest organization
for young lady students connected with
the university. It has "mothered" the
scheme of securing quarters for the co
ed3 such as the young men enjoy and the
members have worked with such good
will that they were enabled to announce
yesterday that in the future they would
rival the efforts of the male students to
make the social side of college life an
attractive feature. . .
As penal statutes must be construed
strictly, I am unable to reach the con
clusion that the giving of prizes as a re
ward for superior intelligence in esti
mates, where the human Intellect is ex
ercised in making such estimates, is in
purview of the statute and conclusion
cannot be affected by the demoralizing?
tendencies to which you refer."
1 w i
WASHINGTON, Aug. 23.-Attoraey
General Knox has rendered to the Post
master General an opinion on whether a
certain Western daily paper has violated
the law prohibiting the use of the mails
for advertising lotteries, gift concert and
similar enterprises. A paper some tlm*
ago announced a guessing contest, adver
tising that it would give 1300 prizes, ag
gregating $15,000 in value, to persons mak
ing the nearest estimates of the number
of paid admissions to the Pan-American
Exposition at Buffalo from the day of
opening to the day of closing.
The Attorney General says that until
practically forbidden by law the remedy
Is with Congress and not with the depart
ment. He says the contestants must go
Into careful inquiry as to "the facts about
the exposition, public interest and attend
ance to date, and continues as follows:
Such estimates, therefore, while neces
sarily dependent in many respects upon
chance, are likewise affected by the in
telligent calculations of a thoughtful ob
server. A fair construction of the worda
dependent upon lot or chance* excludes
estimates which are based upon mental
calculation, even though the factors
which enter into such calculation may be
uncertain and matters of conjecture. Tha
drawing of a lot or the throw of the dl»
are purely dependent upon chance, for no
mental operation can aid in estimating
the result.
EL PASO, Aug. 23.— Jose Remedlos Val
despino, the leader of the Furioso gang of
bandits, that has terrorized the State of
Durango, Mexico, for several years, has
been killed in battle. He and a few of
his followers were overtaken by a squad
of rurales in the Canyon de Villalobo.
near Nombre de Dios, a few days ago,
and after a fight that lasted over an hour
the chief was slain and several of hi3
men were killed and wounded. .
The record of Valdespino was one of the
bloodiest and most cruel in the history of
Northern Mexico. A number of years ago
he organized a small band of robbers and
began operations in the mountains. Min
ing prospectors, ranchmen and ore and
freight train, men perished as he met
them and their money and valuables were
appropriated by his crowd. Several
times the authorities have captured and
executed some of his men, but as often
he replenished his ranks and kept up tha
bloody work. Many ranches have been
raided and the women and children, as
well as men, were slain like dogs. Houses
were burned and property of every kind
was destroyed before the gang proceeded
on its way. ' ' I . • ¦
Last year the gang was almost broken
up, but Valdespino succeeded in escaping.
For several months nothing was heard of
him, but this summer he mustered an
other band of followers and began his
work again. Numerous posses of rurales
were sent on his trail, but he succeeded
in staying out of their path. About two
weeks ago he raided a wagon train and
killed several persons and the authorities
found his trail. For ten days they fol
lowed In close pursuit and one afternoon
of last week. overtook the outlaws in the
Canyon - de Villalobo. The fight was fu
rious and six soldiers were killed. After
a battle of over an hour the firing of the
soldiers was not returned, and on closer
approach dead men were found scattered
along the gulch. In this number was the
body of Valdespino, shot in several places.
Several of the party are thought to have
escaped, but nothing is feared from them
since their leader is dead. ' .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TEXAS OFFICIAL
NOT IMPEACHED
* Since the arrest was made Von Bacm
bach has received a number of cable mes
sages from persons in Germany who pro
fess to have claims, and it is certain the
alleged liabilities of the prisoner will ag
gregate a very large sum. Among the con
cerns which have claims against him are
the Amsterdam Bank, the Berlin Discount
Society, the banking-house of Robert
Suermondt of Berlin, the Warschauer
banking-house of Berlin and a number of
other concerns. '
MILWAUKEE, Aug. 23.— Moritz von
Baumbach.aGerman consular officer at
Milwaukee, to whom belongs the credit
for the capture of Gerhardt Terlinden of
Berlin, has in his possession a number of
telegrams and letters showing that the
amount of money alleged to have beon
fraudulently obtained by Terlinden Is sev
eral million marks. The exact - figure Is
known only to the authorities in Europe,
according to Van Baumbach, and it "will
only be made public at the- trial.
Notorious Valdespino
Dies in Battle in* -
Mexico.
Attorney General Gives
Opinion on Guess
ing Contest.
Gerhardt Terlinden Left
Many Dupes in Ger
many.
MEMBERS OF KAPPA KAPPA
' GAMMA-LOWER ROW IN
PICTURE, >i COUNTING..- FROM
r LEFT TO. RIGHT: 1. EMMA
MOFFIT; "2.ELISE WENZELj
BERGER; 3. LUCILLE GRAVES.
SOLDIERS KILL
BANDIT CHIEF
THEFTS REACH
A VAST TOTAL
REMEDY LIES
WITH CONGRESS
MEMBERS OF KAPPA KAPPA GAMMA— MIDDLE ROW IN THE PICTURE, COUNTING FROM THE LEFT TO THE
RIGHT: 1. MARIAN WILSON; 2. HELEN POWELL; 3. ETHEL CATTON; 4. LUTIE A. RUCH; 5. GWENDOLYN
MATTHEWS; 6. NAN JENNINGS. '<
MEMBERS OF KAPPA KAPPA GAMMA— UPPER ROW, COUNTING FROM LEFT TO RIGHT: 1. ELSA LICHTE
BERG: J. LEILA M. GRAVES; 3. EDNA WEMPLE; 4. EVA POWELL; 5. VIOLA PATTIANI; 6. MABEL DONALD
SON; 7. ARLIE HLWHRETS; 8. MARY ISABEL STOCKTON; 9. ALMA SHERMAN.
LOCAL TALENT
SCORES A HIT
INDEPENDENT
REPUBLICANS
UTAH GREETS
THE KNIGHTS
"Esmeralda" Wins Praise
From a San Rafael
Audience.
Golden Gate Comman
dery Accorded Gen- T
erous Welcome.
Delegates Opposing Boss
J Domination' Hold a
Conference.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HELPER, Utah, Aug. 22.— This was
Golden Gate Commanfiery's busy day. At
6 o'clock the drill corps was at work at
Ogden. putting in an hour and a half of
rapid drill under Colonel Edwards. Break
fast was taken on the run down to Salt
I.ake.
The whole party of Callfornians scat
tered there, going over the city and view
!ng Its famous features. Including the
Tabernacle and temple, Brigham Young's
grave and the presidency. At 10:30 o'clock
everybody went to Saltair beach and en-
Joyed a dip in the lake. The day was
very warm— 93 degrees in the shade.
Eminent Commander Sir William H.
Cunningham of Utah Commandery Xo. 1.
Past Commander Sir James Anderson, and
Captain General Sir W. C. Woodman
preeted the pilgrim? on behalf of Utah. G.
E. Wright of San Bernardino Command
ery and Sir Knight J. F. Mitchell, a
prominent mining man. also welcomed the
<~"aliforn:ans. These knights and the Salt
Lake officers accompanied the wayfaring
m«»n as far as Provo.
To-night another impromptu concert was
held in the social hall, where the ladies
gathered with the knights and sang col
lege songs. Among the star performers
in song and ?tory were Sir Knights Ryan,
Mowbray. McKer.zie. C L. Gage, William
S. Gage. LJppman. Aitken. Glindermann.
Campbell ar-d Dr. J. M. Gaseaway, who
Joined the partv at Salt Lake.
The special train Is due to arrive at
Colorado Hprlnps at 2 o'clock to-morrow.
passing- through Leadville and Pueblo
without etops. At the Springs a drill will
be had and a bath afterward. Two hours
will be Fcent at Denver to-morrow even
5r.g and then the special will go over the
Burlins-ton road without stops to St. Jo
seph, Mo.
EOBBED IN FRONT OF
THE HALL OF JUSTICE
San Jose Charley, Well-Known Chi
nese Gambler, Eeld Up by .
Five Men.
"San Jose Charlie," the noted Chinese
pport and gambler, was held up at 2:30
o'clock this morning by five men In front
of the Hall of Justice and robbed of $50.
The bold thieves overlooked a purse con
taining $1509 which the Chinaman carried
Inside his blouse. The robbers succeeded
in making their escape.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 23.— The most suc
cessful amateur play ever put on In this
city held the attention of a large audi
ence in Gordon's Opera-house this even
ing. The play was "Esmeralda," a four
act drama, and the talent was all local.
The entertainment was given for the ben
efit of the San Francisco Presbyterian
Orphanage and Farm. Society lent strong
aid to the venture and contributed its
share to the well-filled house that to
night greeted the local actors.
Among the ladies who patronized the
entertainment were Mrs. A. W. Foster,
Mrs. Henry Sonntag. Mrs. William Lich
tenberg. Mrs. Louis Sloss. Mrs. W. S.
Leake, Mrs. Vincent Neale. Mrs. Lewis
Gerstle. Mrs. W. G. Curtis. Mrs. J. Keck.
Miss Grace Fern, the well-known read
er and impersonator, directed the enter
tainment. For some weeks past she has
given her time and ability to teaching
the s young people how to act. To-night's
performance showed that her efforts were
attended by success. The^characters In
the play were represented as follows:
George Drew, speculator Mrs. Verdenal
Esterbrook. a rer.tleman of leisure. .J. O. Short
OH Man ltodsrers T. J. Crowley
Mr!. Rodeers Sirs. Renebome
EsmerAIda, the daughter Miss Grace Fern
Dave Hardy Edwin Halley
Jack Desmond, artist in Paris — :
Colonel S. Shakespeare
Norah Desmond Miss Sarah Bowne
Kate Desmond/. AlUs Ellen Stadtmuller
Marquis de Montessan Emelio Lastretto
All the players met deserved praise.
Miss Fern, with her ability and training,
set a high standard, and it Is no dispar
agement to the others to say that first
honors fell to her.
T. J. Crowley, who in time of peace is a
lawyer, made a splendid hit as Old Man
Rodgei-p. He could give away a daughter
to the true lover and muster up courage
enough to defy a spirited wife who was
bent on an alliance with a scheming Mar
quis. He did not overdo his part; his
hands and feet keep out of his way. If
law business ever runs shy the big foot
light celebrities would better look out for
a dangerous competitor.
Mr. Halley made a docile lover of Es
meralda. He did his best and it was
good. His part, all conditions considered,
was the most difficult in the play.
Colonel Shakespeare impersonated the
artist uncle well. The fatherly way that
he petted his pretty nieces, Kate and
Xorah. was good acting. And the nieces-.
Miss Bowne and Miss ¦Stadtmuller, were
clever performers. Generous applause
was given to each.
Emelio Lastr^tto made a splendidly vil
lainous Marquis. He wanted the girl and
her money, and when these were denied
him he performed a convenient elopement
with another heiress.
The play was so well received to-night
that Jt will be repeated to-morrow - night,
and it is among the possibilities that It
may be given in San Francisco at a later
date.
Dividend, for Prune-Growers.
SAX JOSE, Aug. 23.— The first checks
for the $300,000 dividend of the Cured
Fruit Association were sent out to-day.
Those for the first district will be com
pleted to-morrow, the second by Tuesday
end the third by Thursday next There
are 37,000 accounts and an immense
amount of clerical work is Involved. Sales
continue brisk and another dividend prob-
Bbly will be declared. Good green prunes
are selling readily at from $31 to $35 per
Furey 's Case Continued.
Edward Furey, the special officer at the
Risdon Iron Works charged with assault
to murder for shooting Peter Callahan,
a striker. on Wednesday evening,
and who was arrested and released on
$50 cash bail, was ordered into custody by
Judge Conlan yesterday morning. Furey
was detained in court till Dr. J. W. Sea
well of St. Luke's Hospital, who was at
tending Callahan, appeared and testified
that Callahan's condition was favorable
and there was no danger of serious re
sults. .The Judge thereupon allowed
Furey to go on his original bail, arid by
consent the. case was .continued till Mon
day.
A conference of independent antl ; boss
delegates to the Republican Municipal
Convention was held last evening at Na
tive Sons' Hall ' on Seventeenth street,
near Valencia. The Thirty-fourth, Thir
ty-eighth, Thirty-ninth, Fortieth ' and
Forty-first districts were largely repre
sented. Among the delegates at the con
ference were: T. P. Woodward, president
of the Republican Primary League; Ed
mund Tauszky, Morgan Backus, J. C.
Currier, A. G. Towne, Lester Burnett,
George B. Keane, Clifford McClellan, L.
W. Buschard, Myer Jacobs, Ralph
Hathorn, F. W. Burnett, M. Cerf. A. C.
Rulofson and L. Haake. One hundred
and twenty-three delegates were repre
sented and large accessions v/ere prom
ised.
The conference . was not called in the
interest of any aspirant for public office
or any candidate for chairman of the
convention. When the delegates elected
to represent the Thirty-fourth District
organized a suggestion was made that
the Thirty-ninth delegation be invited to
a conference. Subsequently invitations
were extended to the Thirty-eighth, For
tieth and Forty-first, and each of these
district delegations appointed a commit
tee of five to attend the caucus.
Anti-Boss Element Is Strong.
A careful study of the various district
delegations had been made by active Re
publicans and the opinion was expressed
that the anti-boss, elements were strong
enough to dominate the convention. In
order to prevent the nomination of a
ticket dictated by the bosses concert of
action on the part of the independents
was considered essential. It is reported
that many, representative men of the
Thirty-third,. Thirty-fifth, Thirty-seventh
and Forty-second district delegations are
in sympathy with the plan to bring
about a union of all the anti-boss ele
ments of the convention.
At the conference last night ex-Senator
Burnett was chairman' and Clifford Ms-
Clellari secretary. There was a general
exchange of views and a free expression
of sentiments in favor, of a clean ticket
and a vigorous effort to achieve success at
the polls. Assurances given by -several
speakers that -the anti-boss forces were
strong enough to control the convention
awakened much enthusiasm.. ..There will
be another meeting of independent dele
gates ¦ at Native Sons' Hall, on Seven
teenth street, " Friday evening Of next
week. In the meantime district delega
tions will meet and receive reports of the
conference held last night.
Webster's Ladylike Canvass.
Several candidates are in the field for
the office of Coroner. Dr. T. J. Crowley's
name is added to the Republican list. • His
friends point to his record as a physician
and chemist while he was attached to the
City and County Hospital and St. Luke's
Hospital. ' -
Reports come from the labor camp that
Eugene E. Schmltz, president of the Mu
sicians' Union, will- not have a walkover
in the Labor party convention for the
Mayoralty nomination. There is likely to
be quite an "army, of aspirants for the
honor; of heading the ticket. It seems
settled that Charles Wesley Reed will not
figure conspicuously as a candidate in the
Labor party convention. .
Charles Jx Pattbrt, Charles S. liaumels
ter, "Judge Bahrs, Auditor Wells . and
Henry J. Crocker continue to be the lead-
Ing aspirants for Mayor In the Republican
camp. Superintendent of Schools R. H.
Webster is making a ladylike canvass ana
securing some promises of. support.
O. F. von Rhelri, ex-Supervisor, is added
to the list of Republican aspirants for the
office of Public Administrator:
Policeman Knight Will Appeal.
Police Officer Knight, who was con
victed by Judge Cabaniss of battery for
clubbing a striker, intends to ask for a
new trial on the ground of newly dis
covered evidence. This morning he is to
aprear before . Cabnniss for sentence.
Attorney Joseph Coffey, who represents
Knight, Is satisfied that a new trial will
be granted. ._...•
In case the. court refuses to set aside
the -former Judgment it* Is the intention
of Coffey to immediately take' an appeal
to the Superior Court. ' -,/.\
The. more some people tell you' the le«
you remember.
DECLABES THEY .USED /
THE MAILS; FOR FRAUD
DAYTONIA, Fla., Aiig. 23.— Helen Post,
her husband, Colonel C.C. Post; and her
son-in-law, G. F. • Burgmah, were Urrested
to-day on" information sworn '¦' to' . by I a
United States postofflce inspector, charg
ing thein with using the mails for fraudu
lent. purpcs?s. The offensv alleged con
sists In. sending through the mails.circu
lars professing to cure patients at a dis
tance,by means of mental science. •*-. ¦•¦--. '
Mrs. Post claimed to be able to heal all
kinds of diseases,. even restoring the blind
to sight, and holding that.no disease was
incurable by her method of treatment.-' «;
KAPPA KAPPA GAMMA FRATERNITY CO-EDS PROUD
IN THE POSSESSION OF SPLENDID NEW HOME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY,- AUGUST 24, /1901.
9
Pears'
Pretty boxes and odors
are used to sell such
soaps as no one would
touch if he saw them un-
disguised. Beware of a
soap that depends L on
something outside of it. ,]
. Pears', the finest soap
in the world is scented or
riot, as you wish; and the
money is in the merchan-
dise, not in the , box.
All sorts of store3 sell it; especially ;
druggists; all sorts of people arc
using it.
-
POSTUM CEREAL.
SENSIBLE TO QUIT.
Coffee AgTees With. Some People, but
Not With All.
"Coffee has caused my son-in-law to
have nausea an<2 pain In the stomach and
bowels.
"In my own case I. am unable to drink
coffee without having distress afterwards,
and my son, 11 years old, has had dyspep-
Ela, caused, by drinking coffee.
"We all abandoned the use of coffee
pone months csro. and have been using
the Postum Food Coffee since.
"Each and every one of us have been
entirely cured of our troubles, and we are
naturally great friends cf Postum. I have
tried several different ways of making It,.
>but there's no way so good as to follow
*he directions rroperly; then we have a
delicious drink." Mrs. A. E. Moublo. 231
Ut.d street. Maiden, Mass.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLJ SATURDAY, AUGUST 24, 1901.
10
SAN FIIANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets: open
crtll U o'clock every night Jn^the year.
BRANCH OFFICES—:^ Montgomery street
ccrn»r Clay: eper. until 9:30 p. m.
?00 Hayes ctreet: open until S:30 p. m. . ' .
*T» McAllister elreft: open until 2:39. p. m.
US Larkin Ftrtet; open until 9:3a p. m.
1*41 Miwien rtreet: open until 19 p. m.
KG1 Market ttreet. corner Sixteenth: open
crtll 9 p. m.
504 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
5C9t> Valencia street: open until s p. m.
Northwest ccrner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets: open until 9 p. m.
5200 Flllmor.* rtrpet: cneTi until 9 p. m.
HF.RTI\« NOTICES.
CROCKETT Lodjje No. V3, F. and A. m .
M.— Officers ar.d members* are request- \«^
*d to attend the funeral of our de- jv^C-
ceased brother. HENRY SCHAMMEL. ***
on SUNDAY, the 25th Inst, at 1:30 p. m.
By order i>f the WV M.
H. FORTRIEDE. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Encarrpment No. 1. Ck *•
I. O. O. F.— Regular meeting THIS y[
<SATURDAY> F.VF.NINV5. Klectlon of A
scribe. W. P. HUMPHREYS, a P. - ,
EXCELSIOR Degree Loclge No. !
1. I. O. O. F. — Resrul^r meeting iij?ys3K&=:
THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING. ' z ?0?y}*fg^
Third decree. . '¦'
WM. B. CURTIS. P. M.
A GRAND mass meeting will be held on SUN-
DAY. August 23, in front of the new City
Hall on. Market et. to disc-jss the Issue be-
tween cap'tal ar.d Isbor. DR. C. C. O'DON-
XELL and other eminent Fpeakers will ad-
dress the m*ctins. Come cne. come all.
PICNIC or Pacific Lodge No. 1S4. I. O. S. B., '
takes nlace at Pehuetzen Park. San Rafael.
on SUNDAY. August 25. 200 gate prizes; also
prizes for races and cakewalks.
AGENTS WANTED.
AOKNTS make J2W p«r mon+h selling our nov-
elty machines: on anplication will Fend cut.
and r.r!ees. -Foote 3If«r Co.. Los Anpeles. Cal.
ASPIMUTIM ROOFING.
J. TET.TIEH. .--FrhsO' roofing, sidewalks r»>-
r.a!~<!: postal. J7X Mission: tel. Folsom 1607
ATTOKXKYS AT LAW. j
ADVICE fr**:<livor<»s j-.rlvate:bankrtiptcy; col- j
lection? ;attachmcn-s: mortgages: bill* of saler]
rartncr c rilr:?:o>< > ds: vflls drawn ;fe'es lew ;open 1
eve'e. THT'RSTON. iCOS^i Mkt.. r. 4. op. 5th. \
ADVICE rr«=e; divorce law a specialty; private;
no f<^e without fuccps"; collections. G. W.
HOWE, alty at law. 850. Market, cor. Stockton.
LEW R. DOUGLASS. r97 Parrott bldg.— Bank-
ruptcy, estates, gpnei-a! .practice: mod. fees.
ADVICE fre«>: no chsrr^ unlnes successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON". 927 Market, st.. opp. Mason.
L F CLARK. Emma Spreckris Wdg.. 927 Mar-
V«>t f=t.: oonstiHstlon fr<»e: no f»«»s In advance.
BOOKS — NEW AAD OLD.
BOOKS of iimvr kind V>ueht. Tel. Red r35«.
HOT.T.TEP BOOK CO.. 704-7Q6-70S Mission st.
hoarding Foit cnri,DREN.
LAT>T having nice room r home desires small
child to care for: reasonable; all comforts.
Dox E2S3. Call office. O ikland. V
£ OR 3 children to board; 1 cood home A moth-
er's rsrf: Sin «t>: -rard. 1607 California.
BUREAU TRUNKS.
APK to see Lundbeck's Improved drawer
trunk: at all dealers or f.-ictory. SIX Howard.
BUSINESS CII&.NCES.
A— «P0; CORNER grocery find bar with liv-
ing rooms; iloinK a pplendi d business; located
In the Mission. Call R. G. 26% Krny.
A— SXiO; DELICACY store and branch bakery
Tvith 3 furnished rooms; rent $1S; location
first-class : owner accepted State position.
Call on K. G. WTLKIE. 26£ Kearny st.
A-$7M: COPXEK procery ar.d bar with 2 liv-
ing rooms on O'Farrell st. ; rent .$23; good
business: owner to leave dtjr. R. G. WILKE,
26** Kearny Et.
A— J450 : RESTAURANT and coffee Baloon: 2
blocks from comer Market find Stockton sts.:
rent $30: must sell at onrA; owner to leav«»
*for Manila. Call R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny.
A— rzr^; FHOOTIXG p-allery. doing a good busi-
ness; net profits at least $100 per month: rent
Jtr«: <-ome. Fee and sat'efy yourself. R. ,G.
WTLKE. 2C^ Kearny st '
A — t'i~!ibz covmv, saloon and restaurant: one
block scuth of Market st.: daily receipts from
JW' up; clearing about $400 per month: a rare
chance. Call R. G. WIL?£E. 26% Kearny st
A— Siwi; FIRST-CLASS in p-ic*-*: and first-class
paylnir restaurant close to Chronicle build- !
ins; come, investigate and you will find a j
rnlendid investment Call R. G. WILKE,
2f.U Kearny fit
S3fX>— PA RTNER wanted: Hjrht business: must
r*» steady, reliable man; satisfied with $15 j
to ?;.-. a week; no exr»erlence required: trlat
glvfn bsfore buying. 23 Geary st.. room 1.
ISO— PARTNER wanted: (treat chance In a j
pavin*r office. McBRIDE & CO.. 1016 Market. ]
flTO— VALUABLE Interest In co-operative busl-
noFs. Addrofs box 4S83. Call offlce.
FOR sale— Restaurant outfit cheap. Apply 2S22
Greenwich rt. • !
r^ MONTHLY salary and an independent for- I
tune for reliable man who can Invest $2500 j
immediately; no oil. mining, gambling, stock
or reai «?st.T.te sp*»ctilatlon. but an absolutely
pafo end practical business proposition. Box
<3r,9. call office. '
WANTED— An honest and rober partner with
fSHOfl In an optical business; must either be
an optician or be able to attend to corre-
fTv^ndine. <=to. : cash receipts about J1SOO to
J2oon ;>er month. Adaress GEORGE MAY-
ERLF.. German Expert Optician. 1071>4 Mar-
ket yt, San Francisco.
FOR sal»— At Invoice price, the merchanflls-i :
«=tcre of CN-OPIUK & CO.. Santa Rosa, with
Its two branches, one at Sebastopol and one
at Healdsburg. as a whole or earh store sep- i
rrate: disagreement among partners the cause
of wllina:. Fcr particulars address CNOPIUS !
& CO.. Fanta Rosa. ;
FOR sale— Blacksmlthlnp business, at Invoice- i
rood paying business In one of the best I
towns In the State; owner compelled to look !
_ aftnr other interests. Box 4343. Call office.
7 ° < .! wl?e ~ A <3-room lodirinjr-house in Harys-
vt, le; a pavinc business at present: nice loca-
..J^».-_. r - s - CARR, box 55. Redding. Cal!
A « r '°0 n ln!:iae routP on this WPeriforiwfe: i
flne rtowntown location. Call at this offlce i
for particulars. "
$450: RESTAURANT and oyster house; must
toll; going East; central Box 486S. Call. I
$700— OPTICAL bupinpss; fine location- advan- !
taner.ua for physician. Box 4951. Call office. '.
FINE speculation; 23-room house; I block north !
of Market; only $300. Box 4331. Call office.
SNAP— Restaurant; water front: new ranee-
running order; rent «5 mo. 8 Washington St.* j
G V£,* Io< L kE '!| uh *>«*">«« & buildings for sale. \
Art^r«»» p y r R || Agent. Santa Cnig. Cal. |
!.OI)GI\G-HOUSE!I FOIt SALE. j
100^ ROOMING" houses, fronfl to 500 rooms I
14 rooms ; on Market st linn I
10 roomr: north of Market et '.'.'.". m ''
42 rooms; clears erery month $300.. "" icno
S rooms; fiat near City Hall.... i£(
13 rooms: fine corner: clears JSO """ cS»
* rooms; sood piano; must sail.. "* w;
16 rooms; offttes; clears $80 " iinn
\i r r=; S2ri& ttr* payme^ ::::: J
15 rooms; on FMxth st.; clears J80
24 rooms: on Market: clears $150... ' 1000
IK rooms; ccrner; Just like home 1500
10 rocrr.E; on Mason st; new --i
2? rooms: offices: clears J250.. ...'.' 23S,
21 rooms; JCCO cash, balance payments.'."" 1250
h 1 g:" D B E n cVgrrofo a sig%:
A. CAMERON & CO., ' '• — ="
ll>0 Market Et. and S Stockton st
T' ,^,, ?°° m t 2 . 1 ', 22 and a Phone Bu'sh 328.
JX iTn vrf V * *.Z tel - "^P^S-house or business
to Fell list -with us. We have cash customers
Icr all sizes and prices. See list of bargains
S r.; rent SKp; cor.; fine loc. & trans.. $4000 I
46 r.: rent JK-: cor.; cood loc.. fur., carp 5000
£4 r.: r*nt $200; cor.; fine board ..77 3500 i
26 r. : rent $US; cor.; clears $100../..,'! icno '
Money loaned on deferred i/ayments, Va'p c i
15 r. ; rent $65; cor. Van Ness; boarders., i'00
)0 r. : rent $2S; fur.: piano; must sell " 650
3 to 12 rms. flats: elegant; $150 to " 1500
Over SOO houses listed. Call before buying?^
51100-15 ROOMS: Ellis; close In. ~~
S5CC0— 37 rooms; Kills; clears $200 over all
$6»»— 14 rooms; O'Farrell: rent $45; bargain- ¦
J500— C-.-oom fiat; grand furniture; rent $25.
SHOO— 17 rooms; money-maker; rent $55.
JC50— 8 rooms; now being furnished
S25(0— TO rooms; Ellis: rare opportunity. '
W> loan moapy on any proposition. DONALD
INVESTMENT CO.. S50 Market St.. ,
ATTENTION, buyers— Come in and eee our list
of flne-paying: lodging-houses for. sale or ex-
change before buying:
. 45 Irooms; i-ent $125 $2330
30 roomu; only ;......... 400*
17 rooms; $300 cash, balance payments 1100
14 rooms .'..•....; -..; CSO
A. H. RKTSLOFF, 906 Market cor. Ellis, r. 12."
WTN6TCN & WOLF. :C26 Market St. ¦.-¦¦¦¦»•
R2 rooms; rent $45;. reduced to $12G0
27 rooms; corner; rent $75 1500
125 rooms; a nioney-maker; see It
65 rooms; mofliern: just listed.
IT will pay ycu to call at our. offlce for lodff-
lns-houses. saloons, restaurants, grocery
f tores, candy stores, etc. McBRIDE & QO,,'
10J6 M?r»-et Ft,, oppCEite Fifth,
l.ODGIVO n«T.SF.*» FOR «» \t.K— ron.
ATTENTION. BUYERS!
Tou inay buy any rooming-house la
, the city and pay for It
In ' monthly payments
from 'the profits
of the house.
Vacant houses furbished. .
¦ DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market.
FISHER & CO.; ?3r- Market: phone Folsom 15S2
75 R $10,000 37 R *S5M 24 R SlJM
CO R 3.000 27 R 1S00 19 R 14W
?0 R..... l.OM 36 R..... KSO 12 R £jO
10 R 300 9 R 300 6 R 300
THF.~ largest and best list of lodging-houses
snd hotels can h» found at office of
G. W. PCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1911.
Xo. S17 Market Ft. (near Fifth st.)
BARGAIN— Six rooms, bath; 3 rooms rented.
"26 Taylor st.
. \ spiHYtFa lism. _^^,
' C~o!jE~X~e^rcTv ; rMll!er I 8 wonderful seances:
Sun.. Tues.. Fri.. fp. m.. 50c: you can speak
to faint friends face to fsce. recognize them;
pivc names: received modal? from many coun-
tries; "tnken last world's record m^dal Paris
Fal.-. 10S4 Bush st : tel. 2275. Larkin st.
A— Mrs Dr. Farnham. spiritual medium and
life reader: mining a specialty: cir. Sun., Wed.
and Fri. evenings. 1C35 Market st. (no sign).
MRS J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium:
life' reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1:
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st. : Ellis car.
CHAS. BROCKWAY. !5c seance Sun.. Tues.
and Thurs.. Sp. m. : every one gets a test: prl-
¦ vate readings dally. 299 Hyde st.. cor. Eddy.
H THOMPSON, slate writer; sittings daily. $1.
CC3 California st.; phone- Main 315. J_
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrlst. palm-
Ist and card reading-; 50c. . 10C7^ Market et
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak: "ircle Tues. & Fri..
8 p. m. : Wed.. *:30 p. m.: 10c: read, dally. 50c.
EDWARD EARLE. 22S Ellis— Roadimrs dally:
seance Sun.. Tues. and Thurs. Tel. Polk 1601.
FRIENDSHIP Hnll. ?35 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
M»v«t: sittings dailv: test tn all to-night 10c
clairvoyants. '
mme~m?"bernard~
the famous
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner bids:.' She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays everts to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
25c up: perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
FREE tests to ladies every morning the/bal-
ance of this month, rvcry Wednesday and
Friday afternoon and evening: no circles
held: all tests private; no money accepted for
tests: rjalml!=try. clairvoyance and mediumis-
tlc talents developed In others under writ-
ten guarantee In 90 days or no charee: It
costs not one c-nt to /test my shinty and
your talents; call to-day. FRANKLIN, 3S3
Geary st.
MRS DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. 1* permanentlv locatPd at 1206 Mar-
ket 5t. corner Goldpn Gate 8ve.. rooms 25 and
26: takp elevator. Perfect satisfaction' guar-
anteed by mall: .send stsmn fcr pamphlet
•with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
A-LINCOLX, CLAIRVOYANT. ~~
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast:
b» succeed* when others fall: permanently
located at 125 Turk St.; readings by mall.
MME. MONTAGUE.
Truthful predictions In sll affair* of life; gives
nnmes. facts. fiRUr?': Klves luck: honest pre-
dictions In love affairs; reunites separated;
not one failure; letters answered. 116 Turk.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diajmeses disease with life readlne; ladies 50c.
pents $1: palm, and <-la'r. sit. Jl 50. 126 Turk.
KNOW your fate. MME. RICHARDS, astrol-
ogical nalmtet. reader human destiny: never
fails: 25c and 50c: by mail. 50c. 1203 Mission.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th: private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. LAROPE. best clatrvovant. card reader.
• German Fpcken:25c up. 777 l 7Market St.. room 18
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader: ladles
t5c. gents 50c: readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
CARD readln*. 23c and up. 835 Howard st.
Mn«.M«Hory.cl«.lrvoyant card reader: wh»>n oth-
ers fail consult me; L. 25c. G. 50c. 15SS Market.
SI. WILLE. crystal se«»r. clairvoyant, medium;
sittings. 3 a. m. to 8 p. m.: 50c. 326A Ellis.
MME. LIDin LIND MAY. psychic and xeieri-
tlfic palmist: Ipdles EOc. gents $1. 12S Turk.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card roador and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 23c. 1143 Mission.
MME. PCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44SU Jessie st. bet Eth and 6th.
MME RAVEXNA reads life fluently; business
»<1v1f«»: namps eivpn: 25c ur>. 5 Fourth Pt. s
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
rend to SPAIILDIXG'S p'.oneer Can-.et-beat-
Ing Works. 3T.2-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
BEATING, 3c: laying, 3c; remrvatlng, 5c up;
work guaranteed. T. R, Co.; phone, Scott 1310.
CARPETS beaten or laid. 3c per yard. CHAS.
PARRY. lf.UH Market St.: phone Mint 1095.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st:
tel. Main S94. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beatlnc wor^s; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-teat I rig Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 Sth St.: tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-bpatlng and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st.: tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, corns, Ingrown nails, wrrts; pain-
less cure; guaranteed. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
PROF.Strassburger fromN.Y., specialist on feet:
diploma T.P.S.S.N.Y.: Chronicle big., rm. 76.
COLLECTION OFFICES^
GEORGE^vTkELLY'S Agency— No"chargTurn
less «Hcoessful. Room 3IO. !>27 Market st. >
nEXTlSTS.
A-Dr!"t.S. HIGGINS, 927 Market~8treeC
Emma SpreckelB building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 50;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed, $5 up; a good metal plate $lu;
gold and porcelain crowns $5 to $10; teeth
without plate; painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bld^., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 SO up: plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p.'m.: Sundays. 9 to 2
V. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates. • bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method: 20 years'
experience: no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50: fillings.
EOc: plates. $..": full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth
DR. A. C. KELLOGG— Experienced dentist;
specialties, crown and bridge work and the
preservation of natural teeth. 110 Phelan bldg.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy st— Work done
on weekly Installments;, lowest rates.
DR. R. L.WALSH. 813% Geary.nr.Larkin— Pain-
less axtractlon 50c; plates $5 up;phonePolkll3S.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full 6ct of teeth.. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg. -"
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days, 1001 Market st. corner Sixth. :
.'._"_.. DERMATOLOGISTS. - : V",
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles permanently
removed by electrolysis; facial massage with
hydro-vacu. MISS MILLMAN. fl30 Bush st
DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
McCABE'S Detective' Agency handleTalTiegTt"
imate detective business; divorce cases posi-
tively refused. Emma Spreckels building,
rooms 323-324. Pan Francisco: tel. South 3S1.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Claim rates: patterns cut. . 1019 Market st. ,
ACCORDEON plerfllng; country orders prompt
attention. 121 . Pest, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
.EDUCATIONAL'.*
NIGHT SCHOOL FOR "MEN? ' V ;" ; " ; . '
A practical and industrial • education for. men;
Y. M. C. A. building:, more courses of study
v than any other night school In the city for a
remarkably low tuition: send or apply for the
prospectus at ,lhe . corner of Mason
and Ellis sts.: opening nlpht, Tuesday. Sep-
tember 10: registration' beginning September
1 : departments— Art. business, civil service,
elementary. «>ngineering. high school, lan-
J ' McC °Y. general , secretary;, A.
A. MACURDA. educational director.
G o^ L; l GH J ER - MARSH Co "e&e. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand typing .and bookkeeping: ' Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorlal phrasing taught: prac-
tical bookkeeping, fujl course, $;o ; catalogue.
j EDUCATIONAL^ — Contlnned.
•AYRES' Leading Business College, ,723 Market—
JS per month: $30 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education: shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling. Spanish, etc.: experienced teachers;
new typewriters: positions secured; cat. .'free.'
A— THE LYCEUM: an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges ; references. President Jordan' or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. .
SPANISH— Theoretical or practical; . speedy
pulde to habitual talk; translations; letters.
210 Eddy st. ... . ..¦
ACTING, elocution, specialties: Hallett School.
j associated with theatrical aprency securing
j positions. Alcazar building. .120 O'Farrell st
MERRILL-MILLER CoUesre-Shorthand. typ-
lnsr. practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg.: Individual instruction: catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. . mlnlng.mech.sur-
vcy, assay, cyanide: day. eve.: est. 1SC4. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEFPING. fl?ures: the one man who per-
fects bPR-inners. collece graduatps & bookkeep-
er* is TARR. the expert. 220 Parrott bldg.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkrepint: and the
Gregg shorthand costs onlv SfiO. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1230 Market st,'
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, ' bookkeep. $6 'mo.
MARY P.WESTHAUS. piano, mandolin, jrultar
lessons, EOc; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
PROF. L. MERKI. experienced teacher: violin,
mandolin, guitar: Juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION-nlght class. 424 Pine st .
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st. S.'F.;
s founded 1SC3; new SO-page catalogue free. ,. ;
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping. srrammaY, writing,
etc.: day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMEXT OFFICES. .
J A'PANESE~ ~and~Ch fneTe^heip^oTTl litlnds!
cooks. ¦ waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st: tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE Employment Offlce— All kinds best
help furnished. 433 Bush st; tel. James 1601.
JAPANESE Intelligence Offlce— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st. : tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.SUtter: tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment- Office—
Best help. '411^ O'Farrell st.; tel. East 426.
.RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 51SS. "
EMPLOYMENT WAXTEn—PEMALE.
ELDERLY Protestant woman wishes to do
light housework; competent, cook; city or
country. 136 Fifth st. between Howard and
Mission. L; •-;;- ¦*'-
WANTED by a lady — Position as housekeeper
in a lodging house or hotel: best .of refer-
ence; familiar with managing servants; city
or country. Box 4973, Call office.
BY a lady— Position as companion to invalid
(lady or gentleman), or housekeeper where
help is kept: best references; city or coun-
try. Box 4975, Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, good cook, wants a
situation to cook for boarders; No. 1 refer-
ences. Call or address MRS. ;D., 215 Post st
ENGLISH lady desires position as companion,
chaperon or managing housekeeper; -good
musician, correspondent, reader, etc. ; would
travel: highest references. Box 4864, Call.
WOMAN wants work by the day; washing,
ironing and house-cleaning. • 19 Stevenson
ave.: near Hermann.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
¦-^iind baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH of flee, for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at- 1096
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
• received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore St.-
EMPLOYME.NT WASTED — 3IALE.
YOUNG German, experienced horseman, wants
situation to take care of.- a gentleman's place;
all round man; can furnish best of. reference.
Box 4974, Call offlce. -'.'rj
WANTED — By an experienced baker, a posi-
tion as foreman in country. Address Baker,
box 4965, Call office.
WANTED— Position In shipchandlery and
commission business; nine years' experience.
Address box 4934, Call offlce. ¦ J rtV1i
A COMPETENT accountant of .15 years' ex-
perience desires situation: best city refer-
ences. Address E. L. K., box 4972, Call.
A MAN understanding, boxmaking desires po-
sition In commission bouse. Address box
49C0, Call. .
COMPETENT gardener wants position; under-
stands the care of horses, cattle, etc.; local
reference. Box 4S61. Call. ..^v -
YOUNG married man who has held responsible
positions for 14 years would like to secure a
position where good, active man can be ap-
preciated: Al recommendations. Box 4926,
Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED German wants a position as
gardener on private place; also understands
care "of horse?, cows and chickens; references.
Box 4950. Call office.
CONTRACTOR'S experienced clerk and time-
keeper, seeks employment; railroad, quarry
or city work. Address box 4S67, Call offlce.
AN experienced grocerjv and delivery clerk
wishes position: well acquainted in city; ref-
erence. Box 492S, Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED man of good habits wants a
position In wholesale house: grocery and
wine company preferred: good references. Box
4936 Call office.
JAPANESE, nice, good cook, wants position
cocking and housework: best references; 3
years last place. Box 4661, Call offlce.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received ai Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore si.
FEATHERS RENOVATED!
FEATHER pillows & -mattresses steamed, reno-
vated. E.J.O'Rourke.1393 Valencia :tel.Capp 26S7.
; FINANCIAL.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (inc.)— We
have 42 of flees in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main offlce. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
. FLATS . TO LET.
BEiNVEDERE~Trr. . ! .....! ?^^?.7^T?^?^7r.
To let for 1 or 2 months, a handsome flat,
furnished, 7 rooms; very cheap. Box 4969,
Call office.
ELEGANT modern sunny flat on boulevard,
C03 Baker st., 'NW cor. Fulton; 7 rooms and
bath; almost new; Inlaid floors; beautifully
decorated; fine view. I ¦ •;
SUNNY corner lower flat, 7 rooms, bath, laun-
dry; rent reasonable; perfect order. 1800
, O'Farrell st.
FOURTEENTH ave. and N st. South San
Francisco — Elegant flat. 6 rooms and bath;
latest improvements. , '•
COLE, 763-771, bet. Beulah and Frederick stf.—
Fine rew sunny flats, 7 rooms and bath;
rent reasonable.
$12 SO— 2S9 SHIPLEY, near Sixth— Flat 4 rooms,
bath, gas; all sunny. ¦ -
$17 50— FLAT of 5 rooms and bath. 571 Hayes
st, near Laguna; no small children." '. •
N ATOM A. 714 — flat of ? rooms; sunny; large
yard and cellar; , rent $10; no children.
ONLY 1 left; new, sunny, 7 rooms: modern, up
to date, marine view: Van Ness and Union.
$16 — SIX rooms, bath, in good ¦ order, lower part.
12 Guy place, oft First, abovl Folsom. -
FURNISHED or unfurnished house, and flat;
" ¦ rent reasonable. • 512 Forty-sixth ¦ ave.
SAN JOSE ave.; 141. near. Twenty-fourth st. —
Nice modern sunny flat.' 5 rooms and bath, $ia.
LEAVENWORTH, 1519%-4. rooms and bath,
gas; clean fiat, quiet neighborhood: rent $15.
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
DESIRABLE furnished . flat of 6 ¦ rooms and
bath. 2418 Clay et, near Fillmore.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1517— Parlor floor of 4
rooms; piano, bath, garden; nice home; $25.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. ¦ $4S B0. • with No 7
"ranee. .King; Furniture Co... 1127-1131 Market..
A BARGAIN— 6 rooms, all rented;. 2 rooms pay
rent; water free; corner. flat. 874 Howard., .
FURNITURE of 7-room flat for. sale; reason-,
able. AddIj" 1150 Mission st. ¦' . : ¦"
FURNITURE WANTED. .;
CAL Auction Co.. 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc. ; . phone Jessie • 2071 >^'
Auctioneer^ W. P. Btauchamp, '2~~Golden Gate
ave.;, tel. Uessle 126; furniture,' mdse., bought."
A. L. Storrs, . 130 Golden Gate, ave. ; tel. ¦ Jessie
.1404; highest price paid for furniture. "carpels.
BEFORE selling your furlnture." see- Abram'g
• Auction House. 1105 Mission. Tel. Jessie, 1160.
TEL. 1 - Jessie "761 before- selling furniture.- car-*
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY.. 1135; Market.
A. WOLLPERT: 773 Mission st, pays highest
¦ price for second-hand furniture: 'tel.. Red. .1334.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price,'
- warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant ave." '-•¦•
HELP WANTED— -FEMALE^
A THOROUGH • chambermaid, about 30 yeare
¦ of age, one who has first-class references from
¦ private families, . to take charge of 12 rooms,
"gentlemen's club, country ¦ $'5-$30. .- •' "¦• .*'¦'
C. " R. HANSEX , & CO. . .. .... ..104 Geary st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. .. ..104 Geary St.
........... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, Arizona, free fare ...$25
4 waitresses. Arizona; see boss here ..;.$20
\valiress. institution ..$25
50 waitresses city and country. $20, $25
•Chambermaid, city ¦ $17 50, $20
A man • and wife, waiter and waitress, • San
Jose . . . . ..... . . . . . . , . . , ,-¦, .-..-;. ...;..- $b0
.......... FAMILY DEPARTMENT ....:....;
\ Cook and ' second girl. - small grown - family,
country, $35 and' $25; housekeeper, small fam-
ily, -: $15, fare paid; second girl, Santa Cruz.
525, see party here; 2 women with children,
• same place, city, $15 each; - cooks, - second
girls, housegirls, etn ;
C. R. HANSEN & CO.... ...... .104 Qeary St.
"MRS. M. B. DAY & CO..;. Phone Main 1575"
••• HOTEL, * DEPARTMENT
¦ 18 waitresses, first-class city and country
-. hotels, $20 and $25; 2 chambermaids to wait.
$20; woman cook, small family hotel, $35;
pantry girl, hotel, $20; fancy ironer, ' country.
$3 a week.. '...:...
..........^FAMILY DEPARTMENT
.; Cook. $30; cook. $30. and French second girl,
r*$25. same family; second girl, $20; many fam-
- , Ily places.' "best wages
MRS. M. E. DAY. & CO... .335 Geary st
WANTED— Laundress, $30; cook, 3 in family,
no wash. $30; cook, $30. no wash, city; 5
second girls. $20, $25; 2 parlormaids, $25;
chambermaid and plain sewing, $15; S nurse-
girls,' $20; 2 German nurses, $25; German
•cook. $35. no wash; Scandinavian hbusegirl:
$30; restaurant -waitress, $8 a week; hotel
waitress, $20; chambermaid and waitresses,
$20 and $25. J.: F. CROSETT, 316 Sutter st
HARBRIDGE & CO.... ....... ..323 Kearny St.
German girl, Second ytSrk. small family. $20;
¦ girl, assist In "-housework. $15; cook and sec-
ond girl, same house, $20 and $25.
A — TWO chambermaids. German or Swedish,
¦ for lady students, short distance, $20 each;
easy, place. LAMBERT. 418 Powell st.
WANTED— Experienced crocheters on women's
and children's worsted skirts. MARKS
BROS.., 1212 Market st. -s ¦
WANTED ' immediately, women and girls to
work on fruit; steady work; highest wages
paid. California Canneries . Co.. 425 Bran-
nan St.
EXPERIENCED canners for fruit: steady
work; highest wages. Apply California Can-
neries Co.. 425 Brannan st- '• ; "
WOMEN * and girls * to work on ' fruit; both
piece and day work: steady, clean work all
¦ummer. Apply Tenth and Bryant sts.
CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO..
WOMEN and gtrls wanted to work on- fruit •'
6teady work at good wages. Apply at CUT-
TING BRANCH. California Fruit ' Canners'
Association, corner Seventh and Berry sts.
WANTED— Lady as partner/^ in established
legitimate business;' duties agreeable. Box
4664. Call offlce. ¦
GIRL general housework, cooking, four in
family; German preferred; wages • $20; call
mornings. 2225 Pacific ave. . , v
WE can place two bright, earnest, reliable
women In first-class positions. ' Box 4665, Call.
GIRL small family adults; general housework;
wages $15. 2516 Pine st. ¦ ¦
YOUNG girl to assist in upstairs work; Ger-
man preferred. 1018 Sutter st.
WANTED— Girl to assist in dining-room, com-
mercial hotel; $10, room and board.
WANTED— A lady, for light housework: good
home: fair pay to the right party. Call after
2 p. m.. 116 Taylor st.
WANTED— Operators on pants; 6teady work;
good pay. SELIG BROS.. 108 Battery st.
WANTED— Finishers on pants; steady 'work;
good pay. &ELIG BROS.. 108 Battery st.
Experienced operators on ladles' underskirts;
steady work; good pay. A. Aaron. 579 Mission.
EXPERIENCED collar rubbers. Apply United
States Laundry, Sixteenth and Valencia sts.
¦WANTED— An experienced cook and laundress,
small family: wages $25: references. Call at
1710 st. Alameda, F. E. MASON.
Take^broad gauge to Park-st. station.
EXPERIENCED vest finishers wanted. Ap-
ply at factory of S. N. WOOD & CO., 27
. Geary st. . ¦ ,
WANTED— Experienced lace saleslady: state
. age, experience and salary expected. Apply
box 4952, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED operators on shirts and over-
alls. HEYN'EMANN & CO.. 410 Mission st.
EXPERIENCED waist hands; good pay.
JUDA. BROS.. 109 Battery st
WANTED— Women for light work on' fruit
1731 Folsom St. - ¦ -¦* _-.*;;;; '-
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions ' has been established at 1095
Valencia st. i
HELP WANTED — MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY...... Phone Main K4S
LKADIKGr EMPLOYMENT & LABOR ACTS
OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M %
BO mm for steel track and ballast gangs,
..right of way and ax men; Uklah ; free fare..
UKIAH
CAL. N. W. RT
SANTA FER. R
UKIAH ,..'....
50 teamsters, Uklah.: ...free fare
'50 laborers. Uklah ..." free fare
F0 men to work on Santa Fe system. Stockton
and Fresno dist. ; $1 75 to $2 25 day; free fare
FREE FARE. . SHIP TO-DAY. .FREE FARE
MISCELLANEOUS .:..
Carpenter for an Institution $52 and fd
Plumber for an Institution $52 and fd
Rough carpenter, ranch; $35 to $40 and fd •
?o e rA b< i ss here; whee I wright, country shop,
,$2 60 day; 2 stonemasons, rubble work, see
boss here: painter country shop; carriage
painter, $3 day: 2 furnace men. mine. $65 and
house, married or single men: 2 boys to dis-
tribute circulars; 10 teamsters. Amador Co..
$2 and $2 2a day; man to drive street car
country.
• LABORERS. FARMS, ETC.
.2 more single hand miners, $75; 2 miners
?i W , m ¦',_ $55 and fd - : 10 muckers. $60 and
Id.; 10 laborers, surface, work, mine, $40 to
*™ \" d , I 6 '' 1 15 drillers, $75; 10 tunnel men.
IW; 5 laborers, brick yard, $30 and fd., GOc
J a If : , 10 la 1 b A or , ei : s near cl'y. » day and fd..
free fare. 10 laborers, city, no strike. $60; 25
farm and orchard hands, $26 and $30 and fd.
10 fruit picker*, $30 and fd.; 6 teamsters,
small teams, $30 and fd, same ranch; 15
milkers and choremen and boys, $30, $25 and
$20; cooper, slack work, country; 2 quarter-
' r»?« t^n $50 . a , nd fd -: 3 stablemen and host-
i lers, $30 and found. :
;; MARRIED HELP ..............
Man and wife, ranch. Alameda Co., $50 to
$jo and found; married - choreman. no ob-
K ° 12" . to n chll( 3ren. $32 50; man and wife, or-
chard, $40; farmer and wife. $60.
Stenographer and assist on books, country,
eee boss here; dry goods clerk, country, mer-
chandise store, see boss here
•• HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ETC. .......
Second cook, mining camp. $40 and found,
fare advanced: steward for a club, country;
first and second. baker, country shop, $85 and
found; first and second cook, boat, $70 and
round; 3 waiters, same country hotel, $35:
camp waiters; sausage maker, country shop
$3a; second cook and 2 dishwashers, sawmill
¦ camp. $50 and $30 and found; night watch-
man; dishwasher, ranch. $25; porters, kltch-
,en .help,, eac.
M URRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay-st.
H £Tt^n M C «? k fo l countr y. *5°. part fare paid;
restaurant cook. . country. $35 and found
boarding-house cooks. $30 and $35; porter for
' fl E.".- ut . lo 5" $2 h°, an * found: 2 waiters rorme-
wn o^2 boarding camp. $30;. 3. hotel waiters.
$30 and $3o; and- other restaurant and hotel
help. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 623 Sacramento.
ERRAND boy; fruit farmer and wife. $40;
man and wife with references for ranch, $50
farmery $1 day and found; milker and wife,
$oa to $40, no objection to children; "3 ; mlners,
Ik ?L ¦'¦ fU? * 0! V d: .. man f °r chicken ranch.
$25 and found; fruit farmers. $20 to $25: and
ment r o'st. CR °SETT & CO.. 628 Sacra"
AT' THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY
I PP'S^se : fx^^»;;e; ;;:
50 railroad laborers," Uklah:.. -.';..... $2 per dav
50 axmen and teamsters, Uklah.. $2 25 per day
Free fare to Bakersfleld and Fresno Divisions
.50 shovelers , for the Santa Fe.... - .:;. :
i Camp waiter .......$20 per month "and 'found
5 quarrymen. near city.... $2 25 per day, free
' I B.TQ ••••••...•.••••*•••»,, •••••«• li "¦*¦ - — «
AT HARBRIDGE & CO.'S. 323 Kearny st: -^
Hop pickers: free camping ground;. woodland
: water; ; good pay and long season; cin and
register at once If 'you wish to go ." •¦ --
150 teamsters > '"ii'nn
•DO graders .............::. •"••••.•••••.••.•••W UO
-Wanted-At once elderly man' Vo 'do 'chores
wages* • famlly ".°. f . - 2: . * ood ' hom e and
A »,ri < fl RTE £ ft f0r J? omln S house. ! $30 and room ;
bellboy^ $10 and '^ound (no experience . neces^
Isary. : MRS.|M. E. DAY. & CO.. 335 Geary st.
J^ R B N e E J^ IEN Carbe r?; International Union-
• F r ? e r .| mpl0yment ' ' ! 927 Market ' st.r: room . 207.
, 1- LEbb. secretary; telephone Jessie 1176.
BARBERS^ CERTIFICATES- Adeline ''--.Cope-
oh^in °^fi PU i U S wl11 l8sue affidavits and
¦ obtain certificates -for. barbers . at . room ; 28,
Crocker building. ; from. 9- a." m. to 5 p =m
I: of '^"1x^1^° of ' the ; sta^ : Board
.WANTED^-Exnerienced. operator on -Goodyear
- N^E^SB^G^^^^fay^' st CAHN '
AT C. - R.; HANSEN & CO.*i~7T^loTG7ary~st
. Railroad Work... ..;........... : Railroad Work
-..Free Fare...... ........Free Fare...
• ••¦•••'.¦. ...FOR UKIAH...........;.....;.
.' ...FOR UKIAH.
¦••\ •"•• FOR UKIAH..
ICO 'teamsters «,j. v
100 laborers- ....;.... ¦""""""•••»; » «»£
50 laborers, steel gang $i'7a"to"$2 a day
....... r..;.. ...... ship daily .......... ; .
.100 drillers, muckers, tunnelmen and laborers
•: for railroad tunnel at Chatsworth Park .
"'•• ••••••••-.......,...... ....$2 to $3 a day
¦ 60 masons helpers and laborers for Truckee..
25 -. laborers for section" 'work on Santa Fe
. system V......;.'.;;. ; %n$ a day
100 teamsters and laborers'for'California and
• Northwestern Railway ..$2 a day
fare to all the above places.. .Ship daily
10 lumber pliers, $2; 2 crosscut sawyers, $2 50;
logwayman, • $2, for Santa Cruz = Co.; 6 road-
makers, '$45; 2 cut-off sawyers, box factory, $2.
12n ? .if 1 " 8 ' short <iistance«in the country,
$80 to $90 and found; free fare; see boss here.
............HOTEL DEPARTMENT..... 1 .
Head cook, country hotel, $85, see party here;
' second cook-. $75,- broiler $60. hotel, north,
rares advanced; steward, country hotel, US: 6
waiters," country hotels.......' ..$25 and $30
.2 neat young, men for lunch counter, R. R.
.eating-house, $25 and free fare, see party
here; middle-aged night clerk, country hotel.
•Jo?'' hotel porters, $25; second porter, hotel.
$2o; laundryman. $35; 2 bell boys, $15 .:.
C. R. HANSEN & CO......... 104 Geary st
MEN to learn barber trade; Snly requires eight
weeks; positions secured at ' $60 monthly :
special Inducements this month; write at
-rmS re t,^ l0KXXe - M0L ER BARBER
. COLLEGE. 635 Clay St.
M ;h R Ji?. E flrem f, n . lumber stevedores, long-
shoremen, sailors, ..woodworking machine
hands; non-union;* no office fees. Mechanics'
Registration Bureau. 410 Kearny st, room 24.
WANTED— Capable head waiter with restau-
rant experience; state where formerly em-
£-w e h an . I"""''' 'one: *ive age /and state
single or married. • Box 4068, Call.
ACTIVE man to collect an Industrial insur-
ance route; must be a canvasser. Cail be-
tween 9 and 12- to-day on J. REINDEK3
asst. superintendent, room 17, Donohoe bldg.
WANTED— First-clasu : salesman for domestic
department; state age, experience, salary ex-
pected. Address box 4970. Call offlce.
WANTED-Cooks. waiters, dishwashers, pan-
trymen and-kitchen help; good pay; no fee.
12 1 Mason st. -
WANTED— Active man; light, genteel work;
pays $lu to $1S per week; steady place: must
have $150 cash. 765 Market st. room 3.
FIRST-CLASS experienced crockery and glass-
ware packer; state age. experience and refer-
ences. Apply box 497. Call offlce.
RESPECTABLE old gentleman to attend
plumbing shop; small wages: steady work-
references. 473 Valencia st.
STRONG boy.- S. N. WOOD & CO., 718 Market
street,
S I RO J s * G i bny wanted - HENRY KAHN & CO..
. d4 £ Market st.
GOOD barber for. Saturday; steady to right
man. Emporium and Golden Rule Bazaar.
ALL, sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— A boy in confectionery; not under
16 years. 1503 Geary st • -
WANTED— A laster and edge setter. Went-
worth Switzer Shoe Co.. 26 Main st.
GOOD bootblack wanted for barber shop. 2C0O
Devisadero st. - -
A BANNER carrier wanted at 252 Ellis st.
BOY wanted. 11 O'Farrell st. .
COUNTRY barber shop wanted within 75 miles
of San Francisco. Box 4364. Call office.
COATMAKER and pants and vest maker for
country. REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
WANTED— Large boys not under 15 years of
age, of good family, who want to learn crock-
ery business. Apply at 9 o'clock Sunday
morning, August 25. at 130 Sutter st
' NATHAN-DOHRMANN CO.
CARPENTERS and Pile Drivers Wanted—
Experienced bridge and wharf carpenters and
pile drivers wanted for work on-various Jobs
in this city; wages $3 SO per day of nine hours-
men going on now will be given police pro-
tection and absolute preference In all future
work. If they prove competent; our asso-
ciation Includes every contractor of conse-
quence In the line In the city, and good men
. ran count on fair treatment and steady work.
Bridge & Wharf Builders Employers' Assn.,
- ( Room 8, 4 California at
"WANTED— Stevedores, seamen. Bremen, coal-
passers, cooks and -waiters: good wages: per-
fect protection afforded on Broadway wharf,
where employes are boarded and lodged on
steamer - lying alongside; men working for
the company and giving satisfaction at this
time will be Klven. preference In future. Ap-
ply, to Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
Broadway wharf, San Francisco.
1000 MEN wanted — Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co.
near Weaverville. Trinity Co.. Cal.: apply on
work: steady work, good board and best
wages In State. San Francisco Construction
Co.. 26 Montgomery St.. room 23. San Fran-
cisco. Cal.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over C feet 1
Inch: able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
office, 40 Ellis st. San Francisco.
A THOUSAND men.. sailors, stevedores, labor-
ers: steady employment and good wages if
work Is satisfactory. Apply Lumber Deal-
j ers 1 Association. 209 Examiner building. ;
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— An experienced clothing salesman:
• state age. . Address Lion Clothing Co., San
Diego. Cal.
SHOE cutters wanted. - BUCKINGHAM &
HECHT. Twenty-sixth and Valencia sts.,
. San Francisco, Cal.
FOR SALE — First-class hotel barber shop In
mountain . town. -H. BERNARD, 104 7th st.
BOY to be useful In store; hard work; state
experience; salary $5 week. Box 4924, Call.
WANTED— Jewelers. 328' Bush, st, 3d floor,
room 4.
McDONALD & PERRY have E00 pairs second
hand shoes for sale; 50c • up. 241 'Third st.
100 ORDINARY teamsters. Apply 232 Montgom-
ery st. . . -
TWO first-class' cabinetmakers on wood man-
, tels. MANGRUM & OTTER. 581 Market st.
PENSION ATTORNEY EDWARD A. BULLIS.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2.
G. A. R., room 40. Phelan bldg.. S06 Market
WANTED-Men for light work en fruit 1731
Folsom st . ,'. " -
YOUNG man to do Janitor work ¦ for tuition In
San Francisco Barber School. 741A Howard st
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 253
to ECc. B63 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts.
¦WANTED — E0O men to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes, $1 up; soling 20c up.' 923 Howard.-
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
;ket— 700 rooms. 25c night: reading rooms; free
,'bus and baggage to and from; ferry-" ¦¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
• received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established ¦ at 1096
Valencia st. , ,
HORSES AND WAGOP'S.
40 . HORSES -.. for sale: also wasons, buggies,
carts, harn33S. . Grand Arcade Horse Market.
' 327 Sixth »t. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
1 SECOND-HAND 2-horse ' express wagon ; 1
second-hand Gumey. 48 ' Eighth st. CarvllI
Manufacturing Company.- •.* , ¦ . :
TOOME Y bike cart, good ' as new, and rubber
tire - phaeton. O'BRIEN'S, Polk .st. and
Golden., Gate ave. ¦¦-/-:-• - -.* A .
SECOND-HAND physician's • coupe. - \. rubber
tire phaeton, .carts and business buggies:
O'BRIEN'S, Polkstand Golden Gate ave. .
150 HEAD stock horses for sale. A. M. SCOTT
& CO.7 r 35 .' Dore St.,' S. F. . . " ¦ : .-
CHEAP— New panel body delivery, 1 laundry, 1
; baker' «, 1 shoe. . 1 grocery wagon. S28 Harrison.
A BARGAIN In ; good carriage.. saddle, business
- and road horses. . • DALZIEL. 603 G.\ G. ave.
BOYCOTT the ROBERTS Harness and Wagon
. Co. ; he ; sells too cheap. 54 Eighth st.
¦40-HEAD^of work 'and. driving horses;. 2 fast
¦pacers. . 721 Howard : st. - ¦ ' . ¦
ALL kinds lot wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
¦elc. rheap. EGAN '& SON. 2117 -Mission jst.
¦ AN s'A, No.\ 1 express ,wawn,' single: also llRht
; camping , wagon ; for sale. '. cheap. , 532 , Mission
C "^APKST and .best . In America-The Weekly
. Call.; 16 pages. I sent: to, any address In. the
united- States or Cannda'one year for'tl."
Oy;; r vi-'. : ,-" : .-. '"„.;'¦ HOSPITALS.
MF.NTAL < &~> nervous ; diseases cared " for at St.
Elmo .-Hospital.".; 230 -Douglass 6t.. San Fran.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let: send. for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
LOCUST ave.. 624. bet Golden Gate and Mc-
•Alllster, nr. Laguna— 5 r., bath* base., $16 50.
HOUSES TO LET FURNISHED.
: = 1
TO LET— Completely well furnished house of
9 rooms, -bath and laundry, four of which are
.rented, paying, more than half the. rent Ap-
ply. at 79 South -Park. - - -. . ¦' .
HOUSES WASTED.
FURNISHED house In the WesterrTAddTtlon
. with not less than 4 bedrooms. Address, stat-
ing rent and all : particulars, MANSFIELD
LOVELL. 22 California st. .
SUBURBAN HOMES.
PALO ALTO— Furnished house 13 rooms: good
location: all modern improvements; piano;
to lease one year; $75. Box 115. Palo Alto.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST Aug. - 22— Diamond stud; also small pin,
containing turquoise 'and pearls: both In a
blue ribbon. Return to 1117 Golden Gate
ave.; $20 reward. '
THE party who called at room 1116, Claus
. Spreckels building, to see about kodak please
call at room 1109; reward.
LOST— Pocketbook containing $440 In currency:
also furlough with name and an order for
' ticket to Chicago. Return to G. GAERTT-
NER. Golden West Hotel; liberal reward.
LOST— Pocketbook containing 5 railroad books;
also small amount of money. Return same
to T. S. MERCHANT. 212 Davis st; liberal
reward.
LOST — A purse with $45 in currency and small
amount of change' in sliver at children's play-
grounds, on bench or near hothouse; reward.
6S3 Clementina st. ¦"
LOST— A pass book with The Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of Amelia Kraus, No. 175-937. The flnd-
, er will please return /to bank. \ .¦.:.-.->
LOST — Lady's handbag, containing spectacles
and purse, .on Ingleside car, at 5:30 o'clock.
Liberal reward at 571 A Minna st -
LOST— Cashbook with notes; no value to finder;
reward. 2325 Pine st. • . ¦- .¦-¦.: 4.:
LOST— Slate-colored Eskimo dog. Suitable re-
. ward at 1413 Mason st.
FOUND— Music stand. C. E. HEILLS, Spreckela
Market; prove property and pay ad. expenses.
IT will pay to "Remember" thai the Califor-
.nla Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs old
irold to make new watch ca»es.
MATRIMONIAL.'
MARRIAGE bureauTestab! 1887: reliable & con^
fldentlal: !|«ts We MRS. HERTZ. 70S EI1U pt.
MATTRESSES AXD . PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning: honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell st. ;
te\. Btisb 421. .
MEDICAL. ~~ ~
DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and in
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief in
all cases taken; the most obstinate cases
have been relieved by my treatments- free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the- longest cases. DR G.
TV. O'DONNELL, 1018 Market st.
RETURNED
/MRS. DA VIES has returned from her vaca-
f tlon and will b« pleased to see her friends at
,' the old number, 122S Market st
HINDOOHERB AND MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home: home
in confinement 1126 Market St., S. F.
DR. TALCOTT & CO.— Practice confined to
weaknesses and diseases of men only. 997
Market St.. corner Sixth; entire upper floor.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable la-
dles' specialist: a prlv. home before and dur-
ing confinement; best medical care; low fees.
MRS. D. KOHL "removed from Market st. to
410 O'Farrell st.. between Taylor and Jones.
MRS. D. WYETH'S Maternity Home removed
from Post to 410 O'Farrell st. near Taylor.
MIXES A.MJ MIMSC. — — -
BIG strike— The Buckeye Placer Mining Co.
have struck $20 to the pan; will sell smail in-
terest for better facilities. See W. C. SHEP-
ARD. 202 Parrott building, fifth floor.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. '• Mc-
. INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 193-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
. one floor ready made; we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN, 1017. 1019, 1021. 1023
Mission St.. above Sixth; write for catalogua.
Graphophones. Phonographs. Gramophones. $5 to
. $150; easy terms; children's toy graphophones
$1 50: 2d-hand Phonographs, Gramophones very
/:heap. Columbia Phonograph Co.. 125 Geary.
FOR sale— Epworth League excursion ticket
to Central ¦ Kansas within four days; a great
bargain. Address A. B. C. International,
Hotel. /
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st
UNCALLED-FOR suits from leading merchant
tailors. Misfit Clothing Parlors (upstairs),
23 Stockton st.
A-$3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pln«.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
A LOT of oil tanks, all sizes and shapes, cheap.
H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission St.
TWO gasoline engines for sale cheap: 1 4-horse
p. Colle. 1 2^-h. p. Hercules; at 903 Kearny.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and second
hand. J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission st ,**^M
HEADQUARTERS for trunks, bags and dress
suit cases. A. B. SMITH CO... 128 Ellis st
MOVING picture attachments for magic lan-
terns. $12 50. 1C9 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO. k 417-423 Sacramento st
DIAMONDS, watches, jewelry; cash or Install-
ments. Theo. Fershtand. 126 Kearny. r. 29.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern enerines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. Cor
BAR outfits, showcases: all lengths and sizes.
J. SCHWERDT. 821 Mission St. :- <:p
2D-HAND machinery of all kinds bouttht. sold,
rented, exchanged. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machin-
ery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS'/ 10-ton hay scale; Jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 216 -California st
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-Tmnd moving pic-
tures. BULLARD fz TJTfKOTC 131 Post ft.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Second-hand moving picture ma-
chine; also phonograph. Box 4S69. Call office.
TTL.TON wants cood second-hand. rlothlnR and
'. theatrical roods. ,154. 9th St.: fpl. F«lsnm 2522.
, '. ,' IIOXEY TO LOAN.
AA— MAHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.
$300,000 at C per cent In sums to suit. City and
Oakland: town and country property, second
mortgages, life Insurance & securities. Loans
* on unsettled estates, undivided Interests in
' real estate and legacies. We will purchasa any
• of above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MANHAT-
TAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT at 6 PER CENT
First, second and third mortgages
: Undivided interest In real estate in probate....
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
V.-. R. McCOLGAN
.- 24 Montgomery st. room 3
HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner building—
$5,000,000 at 6% or less In large sums; loans
on second mortgages, estates, etc.; financial
problems of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty Is mortgaged and you need more money'
see HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bldg.'
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first.
¦ second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
In estates, legacies, chattel mortgages; securi-
ties, manufacturing, mercantile and mining
interests: corporation loans. R. 16 1st floor
Chronicle building. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. «H6 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third st. '.
RELIABLE -corporation, established 1S65. proper
place to liorrow money on diamonds, jewelry
'• pianos &« sealskins, at lowest rate of interest
9 Grant ave.. near Market: tel. Black 547L
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave near
Geary st; phone Red 1603.
ON real estate, 1st or. 2nd mortgages & on furni-
ture or pianos without removal; any amount-
¦, lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 26 Montgomery.
Advances life Insurance policies; Army . and
h.avy officers salarlfcr" accounts of bank book,
. In liquidation bough*. Apply, 330 Montgomery.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
Party: ' «»o removal; < no commission: confiden-
tial. • Room 3. Conservatory bldg.y 301 Jones.
ON' furniture, - pianos; no removal; money
quick: lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 68.
—MOXEY TO x J^^y~5°*?**' 1 .?* ,&•_
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, sliver, diamonds.
$25,PCO IN trust to loan at 6 per cent: city or
v country: see me before going elsewhere.
I HARPER. 337 Parrott building.
A — ON real estate; lowest rate; no brokerage;
no delay. LICK. 116 McAllister *t /
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
Ity. Hill, r. 44, Merchants* Ex.. 431 California.
ONE per cent on furniture: $3 a month on each
$1000: any aecurlty. 302 Montgomery gt. r. L
ON salaries or wages: no lndorser required. S.
.F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 113 Pbclan Duildlng.
LOANS money on salary: no Indorser; Eastern
plaa Western Loan Co., 309 Phelan bldg.
SlCO.COO TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome st.. room t.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
321 Parrott building. ' ' v
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. ' 600 Examiner building.
3JOXEY WASTED.'
WANTED— Money on good security at fair
rate of Interest; no room for sharks. Box
• 4?3O. Call offlce.
MUSICAL iySTRPMKXTS.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN, CLAY A
CO may be exchanged for a new Stelnway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
' price allowed. New upright pianos. $6 per
month; some good pianos sold for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sta. San Francisco; corner Broadway and
. Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
DURING the next few weeks, while so many
people are striking, we are going to do some
striking ourselves. We will strike off from
20 to 30 per cent on all piano sales during the
month. Our regular prices are low, but theso
special prices are so much lower that you
cannot afford to buy elsewhere. We have
pianos from $30 upward. THE ZENO MAU-
VAIS MUSIC CO.. 763 Market St.
AT BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell at.
14.000 square feet of warehouse space.
250 pianos and organs to select from.
New upright planes from $155 up.
Second-hand pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up.
Agents for Chickering. Vose. Sterling planes.
Appllo. kfrng of pianists, plays every day.
ALL highest grades sold by Heine Piano Co..
sole 'agents for famous and oldest American
makes, including Halle t-Da vis: great bar-
gain list, $30 up; Stelnway, $183 up; Fischer.
$100; Chickering. $165; 20 others, rents $2 up;
great inducements to agents. 217 Geary st.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tim»
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Krtabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLKR & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell
st; established 1S50.
ONE hundred pianos; 10 different factories rep-
resented; great car loads still coming. Se*
us at 933 Market St.. opposite Mason (Branen
store at 951 Broadway. Oaklandv The WILEY
B. ALLEN CO.
ATTENTION PIANO BUYERS!
Sohmer. Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Lester. Ham-
ilton and Splelman planoa to be had new
only at BYRON MAUZY'S, 30S, 310, 312 Post
SPECIAL sala of Hazelton and all flrst-clasa
pianos continued until August 23; easy terms;
don't miss this opportunity. The J. DEW-
ING CO., 12 Flood building.
ANOTHER cleanlng-out sale of storage pianoa
at your own price; $5 Installments: no reserve.
WILSON'S STORAGE CO.. 1706 Market St.
GREAT bargain In fine upright grand piano;
owner must leave city. 804 Geary st.
ELEGANT piano as gqod as new: standard
make: a sacrifice. Hornung's. 216 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk st. near Market-
Shonlnger. Schubert and Stelnway bargains.
$75 AND upward— Fine uprights. PIERCES
Piano Factory. Market. 14th and Church sts.
LEFT en sale, $93 mahogany case Fischer up-
right piano. Soom 38. 217 Geary st.
A SPECIAL for this week— $400 piano for $273.
.BRUKN'N. 208 Post St.
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent. $3 per
mo. SCOTT-CUKTAZ Piano Co.. S60 Hayes.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. II.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
!-'"" v W v . $200: Hartman. $100: elegant new
pianos. $150 up. W. C. Hamilton. 8 Flood bldg.
GOOD second-hand uprisht for sale cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister St. _
A FINE upright piano for sale cheap. S37 Mc-
- A Ulster st.
OFFICES 'AND STORES TO' tET.
1 ¦¦----- — ¦ — —. .
PACIFIC, 32S, near Sansome— Handsome large
store, very cheap, to good tenant. .
;'^ - OIL.
OIL tanks, second-hand. In good order; all
sizes; .cheap. H. S. WHITE. G15 Mission st.
PALMISTRY.
MRS 1 . LAMB, scientific palmist; head and faca
reading; lessons given. 617 Jones st
. PAISTERS ASP DECORATORS.
Rooms papered, $3 50 up; tinting & whitening?
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third: tel. Red 3521.
PERSONALS.
WANTED— Information as to whereabouts of
one MRS. SAXTON. In 1S92 and 1S33 livc-d
in Sierra County, Cal.. near La Porte. Later
heard of at Vacaville. Cal. Will learn of
sorcethinsr to her advantage by addressins
R..H. KINGDON. box 273. Berkeley. Qal.
— -^=^ ; /
A^-IF your hair la falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st. and
ycu will not be disappointed; this remedy !¦»
positively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
¦ parts of the world; call or send for circular.
PRIMO BORETTTS .
Heirs will hear something to their advantage
by addressins box 561. General P. O. New
York.
$17 £0— SOLID oak bedroom set; plate mirror.
$1— Solid oak chair: factory price.
$2— Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom 1328.
Searey's Credit House. 1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 30 per night: $1 50 to $8 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
tl WEEKLY-Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. $la up; fine dress suits $20 up- ele-
gant overcoats. $13 up. LEON LEMOS HIT
Market st. between Seventh and Eighth.
FREE trial— Superfluous hair permanently re-
moved; new method: harmless: lady In at-
tendance. 933 Market, r. 5; sample mailed, 25c.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
?•« do ,1 b » e -~* 2 EASTERN OUTFITTINO
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
LADY specialist-Face and scalp: treat ladles
at their homes. Box 4S06. Call office.
FACE massage. Sfic: a new and scientific treat-
ment: done at 121 Mason st. F. A. ZIRKEL.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 23c; all druggists.
ALFRED UMS- Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to Its natural color: 81; at all druggists.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Suttcr st.
T^ ILOR^ MADE 8Ults - ** 50; dress pants. $2 Sa
Mlsflt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stone*
bought J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wi*s-
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
rilYSICIAXS AM) SURGEO.XS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNifLL^oTflce ~aVd"7esTdenc^
1021Vfr Market st.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the haman body: se*
testimonials at offlce. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor: sanitarium.
.K4-76S Clay St.: see testimonials at office.
PLAXnO A.VD TTltMXG MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planine Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont st.
RE A L E^gyATE^COUXTR Y— For Sale
FOR sale— 50 acres land, mostly In alfalfa:
fenced Into five fields; all level and irrl-
. gated; running water in all ditches; half .1
. mile to town and creamery: 20 head of cows
and heifers will go with place if desired: eaay
terms. Call at 133A O'Farrell St., room «.
CHEAP land— 400 acres rich valley land. 3 miles
north of Berkeley: fronting on San Pablo
ave. : $130 to $200 per acre. Dairy ranch of 300
acres near Berkeley; $«0 per acre; look at
these properties. W. B. EASTIN. 401 Cali-
fornia St *
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts. $00 to $30 per acre, on Flancho
Cotati Sonoira Co. : future value assured, as
San Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California st. for pam-
phlets or Information. .
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFISLD. Petaluma. Cat.
CHOICE farm bargains: call " or . send for list.
. Wooster. Whltton & Montgomery. 634 Market. «
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly .
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th«
United States or Canada one year for $1*
postage paid.Butter and Eggs are both rising In the whole
sale markets, and retail prices are tending up
ward In consequence. Cheese ls unchanged.
There- is nothing new In Meats and Poultry.
The latter is in good supply.
Quinces have appeared. Grapes are coming
In more freely and are getting riper. Canta
loupes and Nutmeg Melons are plentiful. Good
sound Peaches and Bartlett Pears are rather
scarce. Plums are more abundant ¦ than they
have been. ¦ •• "
AH kinds of Vegetables are In good supply
at about last week's prices.
Coal, per ton—
Cannel J S112 00 Southfleld
Wellington .. — ®11 00 Wellington \ 011 CO
Seattle ...... 9 00® Coos Bay..... @ 7 0*
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, choice sq.60060 Ranch Eggs per
Do, good 40©43 dozen .Vl.23<330
Cheese,' Cal...../.. 12015 Honey Comb, per
Cheese, Eastern... 17020 pound 15®2O
Cheese, Swiss.... ..20@33 Do. extracted.... 8©10
Common Eggs.' ?0®— -:*-'
Poultry and Game-
Hens, each 50@60 Ducks, each 40®5O
roun 5 Roosters, Geese. each..fl 23®1 50
each 30073 Pigeons, pair 40®53
Old Roosters. ea..40©50 Doves, per doz.»2 on®—
Fryers, each 4O©50 Rabbits, pair 40@—
Broilers, each 40050 Hare, each ..— ®2*
Turkeys, per lb,..15@20
Meats,' per- pound— :*•'
Bacon... .;..- i5©20 Round Steak 10»—
Beef, choice 12@13 Sirloin Steak 120—
Do. good 10@— Tenderolin do 150—
Corned Beef 100— Porterhouse do..l7'4®M
Ham 15013 Smoked Beef 20®—
Lard — @15 Pork, salt ...10@12Vi
Mutton 10@12 Pork Chops 1501S
Lamb .:..12@— Pork Sausages. .13H01S
Pork, fresh.. ......15^- Veal 12@—
Fruits and Nuts —
Alligator Pears. Nectarines 5® t
per dozen $3@5 Nutmeg Melons,
Almonds 15020 each 50—
Apples ,.. 40 8 Pecahes. per 1b... 4@ S
Bananas, doa 13®23 Pears, lb 3® S
Blackberries. dwr.30<340 Plums, lb 4@ S
Cantaloupes, each.10015 Pineapples, each..25i335
Crab Apples..;.... 40 6 Quinces, per lb.... 5® %
Figs. per. lb.. ...... 15020 Raspberries, dwr.40030
Grapes, per lb BO 5 Raisins, per lb 5@15
Oranges, doz..' 25<850 Strawberries, per •
Limes, per dozen. 12@15 drawer V»ftm'
Logan Berries, Walnuts, per lb.. 15020
per drawer 40050 Watermelons. ea,.15@49
Lemons, dozen.... 20® 30
Vegetables — " , :
Asparagus, per lb 8@13 Onions, per lb..... 1® 1
Artichokes, doz.. .25050 Leeks, doa bchs. ..15020
Beets, dozen 100— Okra, green, lb. .8@12ft
Beans, white, lb.. «®— Green Peppers, lb, SO 3
- Colored, per lb.. 6©— Potatoes, per lb..2H<S —
; Dried Lima, lb.. 60 8 Sweet Potatoes.lb 5<3 9
Green Lima. lb. 40 6 Parsnips, per dz..IO0—
Cranberry Beans.. 60— Radishes, dz bchs.15020
Cabbage, each 50— Sage, doz bchs 25030
Cauliflowers, each 60 — String Beans, lb.. i® •
Celery, head S<8 — Summer Squash.
Cress doz bnchs. ..15020 per pound 40 5
Cucumbers, doz. ..10015 Sprouts, per lb.... (0—
Egg Plant, lb 40 6 Spinach, per lb.... 50^~
Green Peas. lb.... Z@ 5 Thyme, doz bchs..2503D .
Green Corn. doz. .10-320 Turnips, per doz. .10® —
Lettuce, per doz. .15020 Tomatoes, per lb. 4® *
Fish-
Baracuda ..12U® — Striped Bass..~..lij®2i)
Carp — (3 — Sea Bass ...15(3—
Catfish 10® — Smelts 12Vi<a —
Codfish 12015 Soles 8fl)
Flounders 8010 Skates, each 8@li)
Halibut 12^015 Squid .Nona
Herring — 0 — Tomcod ........... .109—
Mackerel 150— Turbot 15029
Do. horse 100 — Trout 20<325
Perch — @— Whlteflsh 100—
Pomplno 40050 Claras, gallon 500—
Rockcod : 150— Do. hardshell, lb 8010
Rocknsh 15@— Crabs, each 15®2O
Salmon, fresh.. .10012% Crawfish 8010
Do, smoked 15040 Mussels, quart — — <g: —
Sardines 10@— Oysters. Cal. 1OO..4O05O
Shrimps — @— Do. Eastern. dz.2S#4O
Shad — @—
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
MATTEAWAN, W./.Va., Aug. 23.— The
Logan and Red Jacket coalmines started
work this . morning- ' with a full force of
non-union men. - All ; of • the mines In this
section, ;. which were , compelled : to quit
¦ work more than ; two ¦ months " ago -by a
strike • of ; all union -labor, are . now in
operation! ¦ .'Almost half -the "strikers
have left the fields, but the'most intense
excitement i reigns : among the others over
the ' importation of more than a hundred
men from , Virginia . to take their places.
A meeting of strikers at Thacker; to-night
will adopt a plan of j action. .Here it was
that in ¦ a miners' battle Superintendent
Lambert. was shot and ; United States Mar
shals ¦• serving ; t writs .- • of > injunction fired
.upon.-:-'/:' -: : -;\ ' '. ¦ '¦[ -;¦ - ¦ v ;
Working .With Non-TJnion Men.
Numerous Retirements Within a
Short Time Will Advance
Forty-Five Men.
v Washington; ; Aug. ; 23.— important
retirements and promotions in the United
States navy .will occur J, within the next
few weeks, as . announced* at the- Navy
Department to-day. -Among- them is that
of Rear Admiral Schley, j who I will retire
from the active list October 10. Other re
tirements " are those , of . Captain | Farren
holt,, September: 2; -Captain Allen, within
a few days; Captain Robinson, Septem
ber : 21; Captain, Forsyth, September 25,
and Captain : Ide, September 27. :
As a result of these retirements forty
five promotions in ; the service will be
made.: -The retirement of Rear Admiral
Schley - will promote ¦ two captains * to the
gTade of rear admiral. .They are Captains
Frank Wildes and Henry. Glass.
PROMOTION COMING
FOR NAVAL OFFICERS
Senator P, Owned by J. "W. Flynn,
Carries Off All-Ages
, : Stake.\ ; ; ,:'.'
. SIOUX FALLS,. M. D., Aug. 23.— Prizes
were awarded as follows to-day In the all
ages S stake, South Dakota Field > Trials
Association: First, Senator P, owned by
J. W. Flynn of San Francisco; second.
Sport Solomon, owned by G. Thomas Jr.
of Philadelphia; 1 third, Robert Count Glad
stone, owned by Attorney General C. W.
Mullen of Iowa; fourth, divided between
Josie Brighton, owned by Gus Clay of
Sioux Falls, and King- Cyrano, owned by
United States Marshal Morton of Omaha.
CALIFORNIA DOQ WINS
- FIRST FIELD HONORS
GRAND HOTEL.
M B Spauldlng & w,
Vallejo.
T jV Daub, Bakersfleld
J C Storm. Salinas - .
G Hausman, Phlla
Mrs J Carroll & dau,
Llvermore
W B Hanly, Snta Cruz
Chas Harris, Merced
J S Rains. Sn Quentin
J M Kelly. NaDa
AW Stewart &.w,
Courtland
Miss 'A Sparks, Berkly
A.P Halfhlll. Los Ang
Mrs C F Blake, Peoria
Mrs MA Elder Peoria
Mrs F S Spurcle, 111
M D Spurcle, Peoria, II
H M Weir. Ill
Mrs Raudon, Cal
D S Kyser, . NaDa
Mrs WW Wallace. Cal
Alice B Wallace, Cal
F B Westcott. S Louis
R P Hill&w, Eldrldge
E Isenser, Ventura
Moss Wolff. N Y
Mrs J A Morrlsey, Cal
Miss I Q MorriBey, Cal
A A Daniels. N D
Mrs A Harris, f Salinas
Mr & Mrs Brynteson,
Campbell. Cal • i
B Jacobs & w. S Dgo
A Chllbers:. : Seattle
S Summerfleld, Reno
E V Sanford&w, K C
C C Durgin, Boston .-
W Thompson, Denver"
D P McRae. N.Y
S -L . Burt. Chicago
JM-Steele. Seattle
G D Rushmore, Ore ' .
Mrs J Fyler, Lbs Ang
I O Jill son, Hornbrook
L A Mclntosh, Cal
I £ h £ Ie> New Oceans
EF Wright, Auburn
Mrs J B McCormick
Fresno ¦
C W Brown, Chicago
Mr ?,J J Hilller. Los A
C M Beckwlth, Sacto
E Donahue. Qulncy, 111
W J Young, Pluta, Pa
D M Folsom, Stanford
F T McJunkin. Hanfrd
J A Robiso. Berkeley
D O Glllman. Cal
May GlUman, Cal
Clara Gillman. Cal
A Hushbeck- Cal
W H Nickson. Cal
C H Rowell. Fresno"
W J Troy. Portland
A Wilson, Portland
J .Wye, Portland
A. B Beck. Portland
JH Geary. Portland
Al Griffin. Fremo
H D Pawson, Conn
AC Hall. El Paso ;
C B Barnes.' Sliver Cty
Miss O M Fritz Sacto
J R Ferguson&w Cal
Mrs T Glberson. *N Y
Mis B M Giberaon. NY
Miss A Glberson. N Y
J A Frazer&w, S Jose
C J Wheeler. Sulsun
Miss M Griswold. Wn
J N Doli*. Portland
O a Jones. Denver
C H Campbell, StocKtn.
L R Fancher. Merced
C NLouth, Los Ang
Mrs F Ekurer. Los A
Mrs M Sharp, Los A
H R Adams. . Los A\
J J Cunningham Cal
P D McCormack. Chgo
PALACE. HOTEL.
A J Levlnsky, Stocktn
EH Cox, Madera -
W A Banks, Cleveland
M Michaels & w.Mo
WE Keller, ta" ¦ , ' .,•
A E Livingston, Ogden
W H Holabird. Ls An
M Schatz,-N Y •• « ; '
O T Neaver. P Robles
M ' O . Dodge & w, Cal
A Stuart. Detroit .¦ . :
H Bukelman, Germany
C J Spahn, Dubuque
\V. Davenport & w, NY
B U Steinman, . Sacto
E I Hallenstein. Aus
J H White & w. N Y
E J Eyra,Kobe ¦
E S Churchill & w, Cal
Miss L Churchill. Cal
I^HCUry & w, Benlcla
W H Moses A w, D C
J • W Knox. Merced
L C Bosher. Richmond
H Rettieka. N Y ¦-»'.-...-
Miss J L, Mahado. N Y
H Lindley.'Cal « - .
D R Fisher, Vienna ..
F B Straukamp," N Y
A J Oehring, Chicago!
W Finden , & w. N Y
Mr Howe, i New, York
M Ruffe. Italy
MNabett. Italy
J Daln & w. Chicago
A_H Kay ton, N Y
L'V Foreman. NY I
E B Smedley, Phlla
NEW, WESTERN " HOTEL.
M Hanson, Vallejo ¦ -. Q Molt, San Diego "¦*'
A C Gray, -Vallejo : W Bassett, Tomales ,
A Winter, Reedley ~ J Gross, Los Ang ¦¦
C C Williamson.' Nev P F Delmont, N Y
Mrs Williamson,-. Nev- Mrs ' Delmont, N • Y <
A. Blgras,"' Denver. •¦¦'•" M ¦ Cable. - Los Ang
P Lyons, Germantown A" Kllngler, <Pa* p ' .
F M Hogan, : Fresno • F'R Graff, " Pa' ; - '" .
Miss P D Hogan. Fres A ' Cahne." Seattle VV~" J
Miss H : Jarrall. j Sacto Mrs : Cahne, > Seattle ,'¦
J; Eckhartt; ¦' San. Jose MraTL Baker. " Texas "'
A Wachlin, ; Chicago Mrs Kay, -Arizona '•'
J Holloway, , Maryland . Miss Kay, Arizona ; .'
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
Upsets All Calculations on the Mid
lothian Links by Defeating .
, Holabird.
CHICAGO, Aug. 23.— The honors In the
Western amateur golf championship tour
nament will probably go to a representa
tive of Detroit. ! Raymond Russell, - a
young player -who hails from that city,
upset all calculations at Midlothian this
afternoon by defeating W. . Holabird Jr.,
the idol of Glenview, by 3 up, 1 to play,
in the second round of the match play
for the championship cup. Three Chicago
men, Fred Hamlln, P. B. Hoyt and Bruc9
Smith, are all that stand between Rus
sell and the championship. '
RAYMOND RUSSELL PICKED
AS WESTERN CHAMPION
The only preliminary of the night was
between Philadelphia Tommy . Ryan and
Joe Cotton, colored, of California. Cot
ton was fearfully punished for ten
rounds, but stood up well under it, . and
Referee English called It a draw.
The only knockdown occurred about a
minute after the fight . started In the
first round, when Attell was tumbled
over from a straight right to the' jaw:
It was not the force of the blow that
floored him, but the suddenness of it
caught him off his balance. • . -
ABE ATTELJj AND GEORGE
DIXON FIGHT A DEAW
Ten Bounds of Sparring, With the
Advantage on the Side of the
¦ "",• - > Colored Man. . '..•¦- "--'.
DENVER, Aug. 23.— George DIxon, ex
featherwelght champion, and . Abe Attell
of San Francisco, bantam-weight cham
pion of the Pacific Coast, fought ten
rounds to a draw at Coliseum Hall here
to-night. Up to the last round the fight,
was principally a sparring contest. Only
once or twice did the men undertake, to
mix it up, and when they did neither had
the advantage. In the tenth, however,
they went at each other with a venge
ance, and in this round Dlxon appeared
to land two blows to Attell's one, usually
on the face and head. Several punches
on the jaw staggered the little Califor
nian. • ; ' , -
Roman Catholic Archbishop of San Francisco
(a corporation) (owner) with Home/Manufac
turing Company - (contractors), architect
/Charles J. I. Deyiln— Cabinet and other work of
the altars, altar rail, .vestment and sacristy
cases and pews for church building on W line
of Diamond street. 75 S of Eighteenth, S 9S -8
by W. 125..H.-A. 207; $3225. , ..
Builders' Contracts.
James A. Beckett to Mary M. Beckett (wife),'
lot on N line of C street. 82:6 W of Twenty
flfth avenue, W 25 by N 100 ¦ (quitclaim
deed); $1. • . . ;
Paul and Clara Friedman '.to Solomon Getz,
lot on S line of Montana street,- 275 W of
Plymouth. W 125 by S 125; also lot on W line
of Plymouth street, 100 S of Montana, S 25
by W 100 block S, Railroad Homestead; $10.
David McKay to Angus McKay, undivided
one-eighth of lot ; on \V line of Dupont street,
48 S of Jackson. W 80 by S 20; also undivided
one-quarter of lot on W line of Davis street,
20 S of Jackson. S 22 by W 45; $10. .' !• \
" Potrero Nuevo Land Company (corporation)
to Luigl Bacigalupo, lot on W line of Mason
street, 80 N of Francisco, N 40 by W 68:9; $10.
John R. and Anna L. Woods to Robert H.
Morgan lot on W line of Mississippi street,
100 N of Twenty-fifth (Yolo), N 25 by W 100;
$10.
Joseph B. and Mabel L. Coryell to Southern
Pacific Company, lot on- W- line of Pennsyl
vania avenue, 200 N of Army street (Colusa),
N 25 by W 100; $10. - *'
Charles H. and Amelia Brusaber to A. H.
Payson. trustee, lot on W line, of Indiana
street, 225 N of -Twenty-second ', (Sierra), N 50
by W 100;' $10. . • \ ".¦¦¦
John F. and Emma Danlelson to same, lot
on W line of Indiana street, 275 N of Twenty
second. N 23 by W 100; $10.
Anne^E. TA: Brown to Coonrod' Smith;" Jot: on
S line of Twenty-seventh street, 168 - E of
Castro. E 60 by S 114;. $10.
Estate of Eva.' Adelina and Annie.Lagomar
sino (minors), by Rosa Glannlni (Lagromar
slno), guardian, to Amadeo Petrl, undivided
three-quarters of lot on W line of Dupont
street, 30 S of Union, S 25 by W 65; $4950. : ! -
Rosa Giannlni . (Lagomarslno) to same, undi
vided one-quarter of same; $1400.:
Estates Felix Marcuse and Julius A. Remmel
(Marcuse & Remmel. bankrupts, by W. F.
Kroll trustee) to Puget Sound Lumber Com
pany,' lot on N line of Nineteenth street, 130
E'of Noe. E 25 by N 114; also lot on W line
of Tennessee street. 316:6 N of Twenty-second
(Sierra), N 25 by W 100; $26. •
Charles A. Wahlgren to Anders A. Gustaf
son. lot on S line of Twenty-flrst street, 100
E of Bryant, E 25 by S 100; JS50.-
George Tourny to Clayton B. : Wilson, lot on
W line of York street, 192 S of Twenty-flfth,
S 26 by W 100; $10. . ¦ • ' ¦ ¦
Joseph and Katie Valvo and Ferdlnando and
Mary Delmonte to John CornazzanI, lot onN
line of Duncan street, 240 W of Sanchez,. W
30 by N 114; $10.
California Title Insurance and Trust Company
to Emllle Ursln, lot on E line of Folsom street.
77:5*4 N of Fourteenth, N 25, E 96.45, S 23.313,
W 98.03; W900. .. . •
City and County of San Francisco to William
H. Bagge, lot on E line of Woodwards avenue,
233 N of Fourteenth street, N . 75.. E 70, S 25,
E 10, S 50, W 80; $ . ¦ ' - .-.
Maria Perazzi (Demartln!) and as guardian
estates of Adelina, Alfred and Emilia Demar
tinl (minors) to Otto Johnson, all Interest In
lot on W line of Landers street, 210 S of Four
teenth, S 25 by W 125; J625. .
William L. Hansell (trustee Sarah M. Han
sell, by H. McCovert, commissioner) to John
Bareilles, lot on S line of Greenwich . street,
150 E of Octavia, E 25 by S. 110; $677.
William L. Hansell (trustee Sarah M. Han
sell) to same, same; $1.
George S. Mathews to David F. McGraw, lot
on S line of Golden Gate avenue, 106:3 W of
Lott street, W 25 by S 137:6; »10.
Alfred and Katarlna W. Olson to Elizabeth
Heney, lot on E line of De Long avenue, 375
S of Waller street, S 25 by E 80; 54870.
"Peter Kelly, to Eliza Kelly, lot onW line of
Seventh avenue, 100 N of K street, N 25 by W
120; gift.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
,. . . . FRIDAY. Aug. 23—2 p. m.
UNITED' STATES BONDS. -
Bld.Ask. • . Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup... 113 113*5 3s quar coup.\108H —
4s quar reg....U3 113*4 4s quar (new).lS7 138 '
- ' MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C 5s. 106% — Oceanic SS 5s.— 103
Cal-st 5s ......I17*fc — Omnibus C 6S..130 —
C C Water 5s. 107% — Pac G Imp 4s. — 100
Ed L & p 6s.l28&133*4 Pk & Cl H 6s.lO8 112*4
Fer & Cl R 6s. — Pk & O R 6s.ll7
Geary-st 5s.... — — Powll-st R 6s.l20 — '
H C & S,6*4s.lO6V4 — Sac E G R 6s. 95 — «
' • Do 5s — ¦ — S F & SJV 5s.l22%123V4
Los Ang R 5S.116 117 Sierra Cal 6s.. — —
L A Light 66.101% — S P of A 6s
Do gntd 6s.. ICO — (1909) 112% —
i Do gntd 5s. .102 — (1910) ........113%"—
L A & Pac 5s.lO2%— ' S P of C 6s
Do 1 c m 6s. — .— (1905) Ser A.109 119
Ukt-st Cab 6s.l27*4 — (1905)) Ser B.U0
Do 1 c m'5s.l24% — (1906) ....:... 112% —
Nev C N G 7s. 105 114 0912) ........ 121%123
N R of Cal 6s.ll2 — S P of Cal 1st
Do 5s .. 119*4 — c gntd 53 ...107 —
Nor PacC 6s.l01 — S P Br Cal 63.138 —
Do 5s 106% - S V Water 6s.ll4 - '
Nor Cal R 5s.llO 113 Do 4s ........102% —
Oak Gas 6s. ...113 — Do 4s 3d mtgl01% —
Do Trans 6a. 119*4120 Stktn Gas 6s.. 104 — .
Do Water 5s. — 102%
' WATER 8TOCK3.
Contra Costa.. 77% 78 I Spring Valley. 85% M
Marin County. 52 — J
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P.. 4 - Pac Light .... — «T
Equitable 6 6% Sacramento ... — —
Mutual .........5*4 PA B F G & -B... 89% »9%
Oakland 51% 52*4 Ban Francisco. 4% 4V4
Pac Gas Imp. — . 3S>V Stktn G & E.. 8 —
INSURANCE. -
Flrem's Fund.— 247 I
BANKS. »
Anglc-Cal .... TT SI L P * A...... 155 ISO
California .... — 40(5 Mer Ex (llq).. 18 —
Cal Safe Dep..lOS — B F Natlonal.l27%l»
First National.306 — -
SAVINGS BANKS.
German .....1880 1900 Sav & Loan... — —"
Humboldt — — Security 275 —
Mutual Sav ... 52 — ' Union Trust..l«0O —
San Franclsco.520 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ....130 — O S L & H.... M. —
Geary - 60 Presidio 85 40
Market 76% 77
. POWDER. '*."
Giant ...; — 70 IVlgorit ........ «% 8*4
•SUGAR.
Hana %': 6^ KHauea .......— 13
Hawaiian — 60 Makawell .....— 28H
Honokaa — . 14 Onomea ,33 *25
Hutchinson ... «% 14 Paaubau ...... 12% — .
. MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.. 129 129%fOceanic S Co.. « 47'
Cal Fruit Can. 95 97 Pac Aux F A. S —
Cal Wine A.in. 95 10O Pac C Borax.. 16J —
Mer Ex 110 — JPar Paint .... 18 — ;
Mornlns Session.
Board—
5 Alaska Packers' Asscciaiion ..129 00
S Contra Costa Water 78 75
25 Equitable Gas 5 00
25 Hutchinson S P Co 13 75
80 KJlauea Sugar -Plantation Co....... 12 00
¦ ' 25 Mutual Electric Light 5 12%
5 S F Gas & Electric Co 38 60 i
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 39 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co./. 89 25
10 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90 33 87£
15 S F'Natlonal Bank. 128 00
1 Spring Valley "Water 84 60
5 Spring Valley Water 84 75
S Spring Valley Water 85 00 '
: Street—
60 Alaska Packers' Association 129 CO
$1000 Contra Costa Water bonds :....1O7 75
15000 S F & S J V bonds 123 0»
Afternoon Session.
Board— :
75 Contra Costa Water 77 M
25 Contra Costa Water' 77 «2*4
100 Equitable Gaa 5 12*$
50 Equitable Gas 5 00
50 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co........ 12 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 89 50'
• 15 Spring Valley Water 85 SO
75 Vigorit 3 25
Street —
110 Oakland Gas 62 00
10 Spring .Valley Water 85 50
PRODUCERS' OIL . EXCHANGE.
Mornins Session.
i Board— ¦¦.
1800 California-Standard '24
4 Hanford 120 CO
650 Home 3 75 .
200 Home 3 80
200 Home 3 85
200 Independence • li
200 Junction ............' 25
1000 Lion i 11.
100 Monarch. of Arizona. , 17
100 Occidental of West Virginia. "50 '
20 Occidental of West Virginia 62
50 Peerless '. 5 75
60 Peerless, b 30 6 00
7000 Petroleum Center 04
2000 Reed Crude ......... 34
EO San Joaquin Oil & Dev 9 00 . .
50 Sterling « 1 80
200 Wolverine 75
. Street—
3 Hanford 125 00 .
3000 Reed Crude • 33
Afternoon Session. '
Board— - ¦
2 Hanford 124 00
60O Hanford, Fresno, ..Kern River........ 10
.100 Home ..: '. 3 90
S00 Home 3 85
25 Home 3 80
100 Home 3 90
100 Independence 12
100 Independence v... 13 .
POO Lion 12
100 Lion 11
1 600 Oil City Petroleum 29
20 Peerless, b 30 SCO
1000 Petroleum Center ;.. 04'
1500 Petroleum Center 05
50 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 9 25
S50 Sterling 165
300 Sterling 160
•100 Sterling :... .........r. 1 55 .¦
400 Twenty-eight 150
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Afternoon Session.
¦ . Beard — .
800 Home Oil 185
1000 Reed Crude 35 •
1500 Lion ...f. :....... 12
50 Lion 11*
1000 Junction 28
23 Peerless ;.„;.... COO
3 Hanford 124 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
t ¦ Mornins Session. . . „
¦ 100 Best & Belcher 09 200 Challenge XI
200 Caledonia 25 100 Con Cal & Va.l SO
500 Challenge 26
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 05 200 Mexican 13
300 Challenge ...... 26 400 Sierra Nevada. 13
200 Gould & Curry. 10
< Following were the sales In the Padflo Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Mornlns Session.- - ¦¦
300 Caledonia 21 200 Mexican u
800 Challenge Con. 21 700 Sierra Nevada. 14
1100 Challenge Con. 2? 300 Silver Hill . t%
100 Con Cal & Va.l 80 300 Yellow Jacket... 17
150 Confidence ......1 05
. - : Afternoon Session.
.400 Belcher .' 05 100 Con C & Va.,1 77U
200 Best & Belcher 09 300 Mexican lJ
200 Caledonia - 21 500 Savage 05
100 Challenge Con.. 26 200 Sierra Nevada.. IS
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
• FRl^T.Au^^p.™.
'.A- ; - ", Bld.Ask Bld.Ask.
Alpha .......... 02 C r U st!c« 05 o«
Alta 03 0: Sentuck 02 04
Andes 03 0- Lady Wash 01 —
Belcht-r ' 05 0> Mexican 12 IS
Best & Belcher 08 0: Occidental ..... 02 03
Bullion 01 0; Ophlr 77 7»
Caledonia 23 :2< Overman 08 10
Challenge Con. 28 2> Potosl .......... 04 05
Chollar 04 Of Savage 05 0«
Confidence 1 00 1 1C Scorpion ¦ — 04
Con Cal & Va.1 75 1 80 Seg Belchar. — 01
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 1J U
Con New York. — 01 Silver Hill 33 33
Crown Point .. 06 07 St Louis i 06 —
Eureka Con..... 12 — Standard : — 3 50
Exchequer — . 02 Syndicate 07 —
Gould & Curry. 10 11 Union Con..... 10 13
Hale & Norcrs. 24 26 Utah 04 0«
Julia ~— ' 02 Yellow Jacket.. 28 27
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
EASTERN RACING.
. SARATOGA, Aug^ 23.— Results:
• First ' race, five • furlongs— Rose Plume won,
Emma AM second, ¦ <¦ Woden third. Time,
1:03 1-6. * . ;t . ¦¦ •
• Second race, mile and an eighth, handicap—
Latson won, Hammock second, Gay Boy third.
Time, 1:56 8-5:.- •> ¦.--•¦•.... . :
Third race, mile and seventy yards, selling—
First - Whip won. Carbuncle second, Malster
third.' Time, 1:46 4-5. " '¦£
- Fourth race, seven furlongs— Guesswork won,
Colonel Ballentine second, Lizzie - A third.
Time, ¦ 1:29 8-5.,- - .> '-
-Fifth -race, five furlongs — Femmesole won.
Cornwall second, Banyah third. Time, 1:013-5.
..CHICAGO, Aug. 23.— Hawthorne results: ;
• First race." five . and ft a' half furlongs—Bur
nett Wallace won, Digby» Bell second, Huzzah
third. Time,. 1:16%. - : "V. " ~~~ ' :'.' ."."
Second race, six furlong^— If You Dare won,'
Educate second, Ural thi^a. Time, 1:21. >;
. Third . race, mile and' a half, purse—Strang
est won, Dan Cupid; second, Oxnard .third.
Time, :2:53. • ; .- .- " ¦¦>¦¦¦ I . .
Fourth i race, six and a half furlongs, sell
ing—Prairie Dog won. Sortie second, St. - Bluff
third. • Time. 1:29%. .> ... - ¦¦ * * ¦ :~.
- Fifth race, ' six furlongs, , selling— Amirante
won, Harry Wilson second, Miracle II third.
•Time. 1:23H- .;>/.'/: .' ¦ / "
Sixth race, . mile and seventy . yards— Little
Duchess II won, George ¦-, Lee second, Zack
Phelps third. Time, l:56tf. jj "...
¦ ST. LOUIS, Aug. 23.— Klnloch Park results:
' First race, six' furlongs— Kitty G won, Me
rida second.- Eva's Darling third. Time, 1:16V4-
Second race, live and a half furlongs— Little
Scout won. The Four Hundred second, Raven
bury third. Time. 1:09%. •' ¦ • '¦:
: Third ; race, ¦ seven furlongs— Hylo won.
Chorus Boy. second. Siren Song third. . Time,
1:30. ; , - ' .- ' :.• .
Fourth race, six furlongs— Fleuron won,
Fireside second, "Boundlee third. Time, 1:16. ,
Fifth race, six furlongs— Myra Morella won.
Hop Scotch second. Glove third. Time, 1:16*4.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 23.— Delmar Park results:
'First race, six and a half furlongs— La Mas
cotte won. Gratia second,- Ellis third. Time,
1:28.
Second race, one mile, selling— Phosphorus
won, Burnett's Walkaway second, Thalia
Black third. Time, 1:50%. ¦ /
Third race, six furlongs, selling— Wlssendlne
won. Colonel Dale second, . Sambo third. Time.
1:19. --.-•¦• ' . ¦¦ ¦• . v aiK- - - - ' •
Fourth I race, six and a half furlongs, selling
—Santa Ventura won, Staff second, .. Grantor
third. Time, 1:23%. ¦ f ' ¦ •' ' ¦¦
• Fifth race, seven furlongs, sellln,?— Ignis won.
Uterp second. The 'Wag third. "Time. 1:32%.
. Sixth race, one and an eighth miles, ' selling
—Outburst won, .Tickful second, Round Turn
third. ¦ Time, . 1:58%. -. :,
~ FORT ERIE, Ont., Aug. 23.— Results: '
. First race, six' furlongs — Maple won. Little
Veronica second, Cheval d'Or third. Time,
1:15%..; ¦ ,. . . '
Second race, six ' furlongs— Johnny Brown
won. Samleval second. Tip Gallant third. Time,
1:15*4. ¦ . ¦ ¦'..¦¦•¦¦
¦ Third . race, , one mile — Obstinate Simon won,
All Saints second, Chappaqua third. Time,
1:41.
Fourth race, four . furlongs— Doyle's Com
moner won. Wire In second. Kirk Livingston
third. Time, :49.
Fifth race, six j furlongs — Competitor won,
Tyrba second. Maggie W third. Time, 1:14%.
Sixth race, six and a half furlongs— Edith
Q won,. Spry second, Foneda third. Time. 1:21. :
DETROIT. Aug.. 23.— Windsor results:-
First race, six furlongs, selling— Golden Har
vest won. Prince Esher second, Vltura third.
Time. 1:17."
Second race, selling. Ore furlongs— Last Night
won, Balm of Gllead second. All /Gray third.
Time, 1:03%. . ' . \ :. ¦
Third race, six furlongs— Velma Clark won,
Charlie O'Brien second, The Boer third. Time,
1:14%. -
Fourth race, j selling. - mile , and a quarter —
John McGulrk won. Prince Zeno second, Tony
Llcalzl third. Time. 3:10.
Fifth race, selling, six furlongs— Rotterdam
won. i Ruth^Parks second. Loyal Prince third.
Time. 1:17.
Sixth race. - four furlongs — Pallus won. Pine
Knight second, Six Bits third. Time, :50%.
BUTTE, Mont.,- Aug. 23.— Results:
First race, six furlongs— Ice won. Jim Brow
nell second. Ace third. Time. 1:16H. ' :
Second race, three and a half furlongs — Ad
dle D won, Okuste second, Friar Charm third.
Time. ;43. ,- : v
Third' race, six furlongs— Gllssando won,
Amasa second. Pegalong third. Time. 1:15%. 4
Fourth race, five and a half furlongs — Dever
eaux won, Ned Dennis second. Bill Bohmanson
third. Time. 1:09. I
Fifth race, one mile— Esplrando won. Spindle
second. Del Allen third. Time. 1:43\4.
• Sixth race, mile and a quarter, five hurdles
— Caprivl won, Charles Lebel second. Rainier
third. Time, 2:18. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY; AUGUST 24, 1901.
Continued . From Page Eight.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
11
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged ; ' re-
pairing; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 Sixth.
TO lease at low rent— A first-rate chance for
a restaurant in a downtown business location;
store, which can be fitted Into a restaurant,
and basement, or 3 stories and basement. By
JOHN PFORR. 403 Pine at.
TO LEASE.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3." The Typewriter
Exchange, 636 California; telephone Main 286.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all makes, at low
figures. L, & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
HARTFORD typewriters: new, $60: anti-trust;
all makes: used machines $10 up. 209 Sansome.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Aaron W. Hexter, 37, Marysvllle, and Grace
Feder. 26, 1224 Golden Gate avenue.
Fredrlk Bergstrom, 28. 1022 Banches street,
and Selma Danielson. J9, 1022 Sanchez street.
John E. Stenfors. 29, city, and Helen Lln-
nala, • 23, city. . • . ¦ -
William A. McDowell, 24. 152k Broadway, and
Ida Nelson. 22. 1112 York street.
James Farmin. 83, Palo Alto, and Eliza In-
germann, 28, city. •
- Emlle Feld, 30, -903 Larkln street, and Llllle
Tennell, 26. 903 Larkln street.
2LABRIAGE LICENSES.
DOHERTT— In this city, July 8, 1901, to the
wife of John A. Doherty. a daughter.
PAYNE— In this city, August 20, 1901, to the
wife of Dr. Redmond W. Payne, a son.-
SCHOENHOLZ— In this city, August 13, : 190L
to the wife of M. Schoenholz. a eon. ,
BORN,
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
MAERIED.
ADDISON— KUNKE— In this city, August 22,
1801. by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder,- Guy L.
Addlson and Loretta Kunke.
Shanahan Florist Co.
ARTISTIC f; LORAL DESIGNS
. Prices Reasonable , V V
107 POWELL ST.nmrELUS 23BT5O56
r>-' OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
« .;.- •.'-*•; -Steamer* leave Broadway
it. Wharf. San Francisco:
ISaSii For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m..
fTfrnPr. everjr fifth day. Change to
Mfay^j^Wb, company's steamers at Seattl*.
Kh«« For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
flSjoflBq \M C). Port Townsend, Seattle.
Ih9£ic*Xx3U Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
i *^^^raasi£U ln<J New Whatcom (Wash.) —
-^"SBfiS 11 a- m.. every fifth day-
** Change at Seattle for this
company'i steamers for Alaska and O. N. Ry.:
at Seattle or Tacoma for N. P. Ry.; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:10- pu m.
every fifth day. .-'
For San Dleso. stopptar only at Banta Bar»
bara. Port Los Angeles and Bedondo (Los An-
geles) — Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. It. n:
steamer Stat* ¦ of California. ¦ Wednesdays, . 9
a, m.
.For Los Angeles, calling at Ranta Cms.
Monterey, San Simeon. Cayncw. Port Harford
rSan Luis Obispo), Oariota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura. Hneneme. East San Pedro. San Pedr*
and 'Newport (*Corona only) — Steamer Corona,
Saturdays, t a. m.; steamer Bonlta. Tuesdays.
9 a. m. '
For Ersenada. M~a*dalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymaa (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For farther Information obtain com; ay's
folders.
The company reserves- th« rtirht to efcanir*
steamers, satlingr days and hours of sailing
wJthmit CTgyloTiw notice.
TJCICKT OTTP-TCE— * New Montgomery
street fPalace Hotel). ; " ¦
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO., Oen. Agents.
10 Market st. San Francisco.
o. /?. «/v.co.
Only Staamshlp Xitxa* *«* ~
PORTLAND, Or.,
And dtopt Rail Llns from Portlant d t» all
pofnta East. Through ticket* to atl
points, all ratl *<*• «te*m*Mr> and rail, at
XjOTvTSST R.A.'X'XSS.
BTEAKXB TICKETS INCLUDE BEBTH ui XXAM.'
SS. COLTJMBIA
Sails Aug. 21, 31, Sept. 10, 20, 3t
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
Sails Ang. M. Sept 8. 15. 2J
D."W.HITCHCOCK.GE3T.AKt,l Montgra'y. S.F.
AMERICAN LIME. :
K<TW •»Ot«. P0CTF»»?TON. tOTDO!*. PABI&.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound. .
From New York Wednesdays, at -10 a. m.
St. Louis Sept *fSt Louis Sept 2S
Philadelphia ..Sept. 11 Philadelphia ...Oct," 3
St. Paul Sept. 18 tSt. Paul Oct. »
RED STAR LINK.
* New York and Antwern.
From New York Wednesdays, at 13 noon.
Southwark ....Sept. 41Zeeland Sept.- 23
Vaderland Sept- 11 Frlesland ..Oct. S
Kensington ....Sept lSlSouthwark' Oct »
•Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.. ¦ * " • ;
CHAS. r>. TATLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. SO Montgomery st.
oeeanic8.s.eo.sig
a S. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu only
Saturday. August 31, 1 p. m.
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
-•-"--•-Wednesday September 11. 10 a. m»-
S. S. VENTURA (via Honolulu), for Samoa.
New Zealand and Australia
; ....-..;. ....Thursday. September 12. 10 a. m.
J. I.SFREUEIS k IMS. CO., Swan? touts. 327 Harbl ft
fen'l rasssngtr OfBct, 843 Narfcit St. f iir la. 7. Pacific It
PANAMAR. (LTiSfr
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. HOC; Steerage. 110; Meals Free. ¦ .
S. 8. Argyll ' «oit« . Sunday. Aug. SS
- From Seawall Section No. 1.
8, S. Leelanaw salts , Aug.
S. 6. Argyll . sails . , Sept.
- From Ho-ward street at t p. m.
Freight and Passenger Offlce. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR, Padflo Coast Agent.
C0KPA8NIE SS9SSALB TRAN3ATLANTIQUS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. - —^
Sailing every Thursday. Instead ot tfffTrFfr
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42,
North River, foot of Morton street; L«
Bretagne. . August 29: La Champagne. Sept em-
ber 5: *La Pavole, September 12; •JL'Aqultalne.
September 19. .
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. ' Sec-
ond class to Havre. £45 and upward. GEN- '
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson • building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI &- CO.. Pacific
Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue, San
Francisco. .Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket
Agents.
. *Twin Screw Express Steamers.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBSL
FOB U.S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
¦ ; Steainers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
-¦ 9:45 . a. m..~ 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. — Sunday. S:45 a. m., . 8:20 p. m. - Leaves
Vallejo 1 a. m., 12:30 noon, < p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 ' a. m.. 4:15 p. m. - Fara 50
cents. Telephone Main '1508. Landing and of-
flc«. pUr -t. Ml«»1m»-»t. dock. HATCH BRO9.
THE WEEKLY CALL
$51 per Year,
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN Mgr .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBa'lMEM.
20 Fifth st.'. opposite Lincoln School. ..
•' - Telephone South 80.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
i. HENDERSON. Manager.
San Mateo ' County.
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
27 and. 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 1«7."
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
* Finest Equlpmpnt at ' Moderate* Rates. '
V N1TED UNDERTAKERS,
JAMBS McGINN,
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st bet:
Taylor and Jones.' Telephone South *67g -
OCEAN TBAVUL.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling »f
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers . for
India, etc. No cargo received ¦ on . board ., oa
day of sailing. ,
S3. HONGKONG MARtT .....1^.............. . -
..."Wednesday.- September 4, 190X
SS. NIPPON MARU.. Friday. September 27. l»01
SS. AMERICA MARU..:........
: Wednesday, October 23. IJOI
¦ Round-trip . tickets at reduced ' rates. ' For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First. , . 7
--.\- ...;--. ¦ W. H. AVERT. . General Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DB VAPOR ES
To Valparaiso." stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. . Sailing from How-
ard 3 Pier :o, 12 m. ¦ ¦ ; - - ¦ - .-
GUATEMALA..Sept. : SI COLOMBIA...; Sept 14
PALENA...... . .Sept. eItUCAPEL?.-.... Sept 28
- These steamers are built • expressly j for Cen-
tral \i and ? South American passenger service.
(No change at. Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and ¦ passenger office. 316 - California street.
; BALFOUR/GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR. SALE.
}£ P. MIDDLiETONT^^cUoneer! ~~~
¦^ 11 Montgomery et.
Auction sale to close estate of John Mad-
den, deceased, Wednesday, August 2S, 12
o'clock m.
2417-2419 Harrison et.— Two 2-story houses,
5 rooms and bath each; stable; lot 52x100 feet;
ivnts J26.
732. 734. 736. 738 Treat ave.— 4 modern flats.
€ and 5 room* and bath each; lot 50x122:6;
rents J6S.
2S79 Harrison tt.— Cottage. 7 rooms and
bath; stable; rent $16; lot 25x100.
16500— TERMS to suit; handsomely decorated
sur.r.y 10-room residence; substantially built;
finished by day work; every possible latest
impts.; heaters: 6 basins: plate and art glass
windows; marine and park view; choicest of
any near panhandle; large lot. 26:6x53x100.
Apply Fulton St.. near Shrader; Hayes or
McAllister Etre^t cars; cpen from 1 to 5 p. m.
OWNERS of property or lots north of Vailejo
and west of Hyde as far as Presidio and In
Richmond, north cf Park, and Mission and
Horner's Addition, who want to sell, call on
W. J. CCKN. 520 California et., S. F. Sav-
ings Union bulldlns.
6IX. seven and eight room cottages: also two
flat houses in block between 17th. 18th, Castro
end Noe sts. : U cash, balance monthly pay-
ments: Ca.«tro or Guerrero-st- cars. F". NEL-
SON, builder.
A NEW house of 6 rooms and all modern im-
rrovpments for sale on easy terms. Inquire
«t JCSO Tenth ave.. south Golden Gate Park.
FOR gale— Elegant ne-w cottage, 5 rooms and
bath; modern improvements; large lot; on 27th
Ft., near Guerrero. Inquire on premises.
MI I, I. VALLEY KEAI. ESTATE.
FINELY furnished houses to rent for the wln-
tpr at reduced rates; choice improved and un-
improved property for sale; fine lot 57x130:
will build to suit purchaser; sun all day; 5
minutes to depot: $3^0 down, balance install-
ments. S. H. nOBEP.TS, Real Estate and
Insurance. Mill Valley. Cal. -
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS; imr-roved & unimproved property
acquhed by foreclosure: U cash. Bank of Ala.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
—AUCTION TO-I>AY^ ~~~~
Al'CTIOX TO-DAT
AUCTION TO-DAY
Be sure to attend the sale on the premises
to-dar.
3 OCLOCK
3 O'CLOCK
Berkeley, the University City of Homes.
Berkeley, the finest climate in the world.
Herkeley. the beautiful suburb to San Fran-
cisco.
Your own rr-ce sviH secure for you a beau-
tiful cottage or a fine building lot. Few
rr.inute*' walk from two electric cars and the
raflrcad. Terms very easy. Title perfect.
Take »>ithrr 3 or 2 o'clock boats and train
connectir.g. end get off at Dwight Way Sta-
tion End our 'bus will meet you.
For particulars and catalogues, apply
EASTOX, KLDRIDGE & CO..
«3S Market St.. S. F..
--• Or?;H3 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley.
FKUIH.4LE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRCITVALE REAL ESTATE.
$3000— 5-ROOM house: stable: chicken-bouses;
fruit trees; corner; 50x140; nice place. Call at
314 Sutter St.. hat Ftore.
FRIITV A \A± fUtXlSHEn HO L- S E S.
AN unparalleled opportunity; Fruit-rale cor.
Yfilsou ave. and Hopkins st. ; two blocks from
, / tvro street cars and public school; completely
v-W furnished cottage cf 6 rooms; stable, chicken-
house, -pigeon <~ote. etc.; ornamental grounds-
200rl30 ;«t: -with fruit orchard; 20 min-jt-s
from Oakland or one hour from S F" • $25 a
month. Apply J. R. FREUD. Mills building, j
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS."
OFFICE— 1H8 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$lvO DOTVN, total only $1000; monthly pay-
ments; liberal discount for all cash; 2-stcry
house of 7 roomc and bath; barn and drive-
way; near Ean Pablo ave. .
J1S0P — In, Piedmont;-, modern -EaFtI»ke . cot-
tage 5 large rooms; 2 bay windows, bath,
laundry, high basement: lot 50x110; sunny
tide; elevated ground; choice location; right
near the cars; will be sold oa monthly pay- I
meets If desired.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
The Oakland House Renters,
Exclusive Agents for This Property.
100S Broadway, near Tenth St.. Oakland.
SPECIAL. BARGAINS.
REAL SNAPS.
Call ar.d See These Fine New Houses.
fXSO — Xew home of 7 rooms, bath and laundry;
Just completed: close in town.
f-KJOC — Xew house of 8 rooms and bath; must be
eoid; fine location.
54500— New house i rooms and bath; on a fine
residence street.
Also a number of new homes in course of con-
struction.
A. J. SNYDEn.
<67 Ninth rt.. Oakland.
A WEEK'S news for Z cents — The VTeekly Call.
16 pa;r*-s. in wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
FinXITlUR FOR SALK.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
XIOOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CAPP. VJ1— Unfurnished, sunny housekeeping
tJ rooms; reasonable.
(1EVISADERO, 1J11>.,— J or 4 handsomely sun-
ny furnished rooms fcr housekeeping; bath.
EIGHTH. 22c — 3 lovely sunny rooms for bouse-
keeplng; water; yard; $10.
FOLSOM, o34— Largo sunny bay-window room
and kitchen: Lath; everything private; $3 wk.
KULTON. 071—2 furnished rooms complete for
hcusekeeiiir.g; private entrance; rent W.
GUERRERO. 1154. near Twenty-fourth— Sunny
furnished front room; kitchen; reasonable.
HOWARD, 7LS, r.ear Third-2 housekeeping
rooms complete. $11; 1 front single room; 1
double room; reasonable.
HOWARD. TCl'i— Bay-window suite, man and
wife; kitchen; others; sunny; reasonable.
HOWARD. S23-One large cunny room: light
housekeeping.
HYDE. 40S— Sunny front alcove suite complete
for housekeeping; front basement suite. $15.
LARKIN. 'H'i — Nice sunny suite, front room,
kitchen; complete for housekeeping; gas stove;
running: water. ' -r^:-'
NATO1IA. 215— Fumifhed rooms to let; U,
H 25. l. r .Q; housekeeping rooms, %l 50 a week-
J^'INTH. 153 — Floor 3 sunny furnished house-
keeplng rooms; bath; no other roomers; >20.
O'FAKRELL. 573 — Unfurnished housekeeping
rooms.
O'FARRELL. €28— Large, eunny front alcove,
unfurnished; gas; running; water; very rea-
sonable.
POLK, 1002—3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; cheap; reference.
ifACRAHENTO. 151*— One or two very dfslra-
i ble clean, nicejy furnished rooms, private
I residence; light hskpg. allowed if* desired.
EIXTH. 216— Me* sunny furnished housekeep-
ing rooms: also sinsle: rent reasonable.
THIRD. 625 — 3 unfuanished rooms for house-
keeping with use of bath and washtubs.
TURK, E2S — Solar flats: fine; new; Chicago
ctyle; 1 to S room suites for housekeeping-;
unrurn. and furnished; electricity: Janitor.
ROOXS TO LET — Fnrn. and I'ofnro.
AHLBORN HOTEL. 321." Grant ave.— Best Jl a
day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms. 00c up; meals 23c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, J«8 Sixth— Rooms.
23c to SI per night ; $1 25 to SS per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ARGYLL 234 McAllister— New, elegant, sunny;
prill attLxhed; country visitors find no place
Ilk* the Argyle; Uike McAllister-st. cars.
AT Shasta House. 246 Third— 200 rooms; newly
renovated; 25c to 75c, jl to V week. •
BACHELOR HoUl. 18 Mason st-rlOO newly
furnished rooms. XI E0 per week up; elevator,
?•lectric lights In every room, return call bells,
flm-class, quiet, central.
BRADY, 23. off Market— Sunny furnished
rooms, $6 and $7; private family. ¦¦ ¦
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms.. suites, elngle; aleo unfurnished.
BUSH. S12— A few rooms In an elegant private
home. In excess of needs of present occu-
pants, can be rented by refined and unex-
ceptionable married couples or gentlemen:
house modern: all conveniences; hot and cold
water at all hours; furnishings best procur-
fcMe; location convenient to business; only
parties who appreciate a refined environment
need apply: to such rates will be reasonable.
kj.IFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
Xumlshed sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELEVENTH. 229 — Two eunny unfurnished; also
fur. parlor suite and single room; piano; pri-
vate family. _
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfurn.
ELLIS, 639, cor. Larktn— Sunny bay-window
light housekeeping bedroom; |7 for 1, $9 for 2.
GEARY. 405. The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
rultes and single; travelers accommodated.
HARRIET. 3. off Howard, near Sixth— Sunny
bedroom: private family; $5. .
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan). 24 Turk
et. near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly flrst-class;
BOc per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in the city; references;
take Marjcet-st. cable cars to Turk st. ¦
HOWARD. 1018. bet. Sixth and Seventh— Nicely
furnished rooms, with gas; suites and single
and housekeeping- rooms; terms reasonable.
JESSIE, 47S, near Sixth— Large sunny front
room; also single.
JONES. . 305— Nicely furnished . sunny front
rooms ; also other rooms.
LAKKIN, 247— Nice eunny furnished rooms
double, single; running water; gas., ¦ .
LARKIN. 804— Large sunny room, 1 or 2 per-
sons; light housekeeping; V. .
MARKET, 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nlshed rooms. S2 a week up; 35c a day up.
MARKET. 1055— Upstairs furnished rooms; for
transient; for travelers; baths.
MARKET. 1802— Modern house; furniture new;
gas grates: running water; all outside rooms;
gentlemen preferred; references. ¦- -
MARTINET, 1101 Geary, one door above Van
Ness— Suites new fur.; single rooms. $10 up.
MASOX. 107— Large, nicely furnished sunny
front rooms; also housekeeping rooms.
OCTAVIA. 1403, cor. Geary— Furnished bay
window room; sun all day; double bed; $10.
O'FARRELL 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo..
O'FARRELL. 332— Elegantly furnished sunny
rooms, en suite and single; $10 up: bath; ref.
OXFORD. 271 O'Farrell— Furnished front suite
and single rooms. $3 week up; transient.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis — Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room a.nd ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to SI 50; week, $2 to
JS; month. $S to $20: elevator on ground' floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN' Aoartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SHOTWELL, 121, bet. loth and 16th— Sunny
furnished front room; closet and bath; $3 50
per month.
STOCKTON, 45 — Nice large rooms. $1 per week
up an3 25c and 50c night; gas; running water.
STOCKTON, 322— N'lce sunny clean suites and
single rms.; run, water: baths: phone; cheap.
THE BERLIN. 23S Kearny— Elegant rultes;
tingle rooms: running water: transient.
THE CECILENE. S30 Van Ness ave.
Bachelors' apartments; ¦ elegantly furnished:
all jnjnny rooms: references.
TURK. 116— Single and double rooms suit-
able for housekeeping.
CLASSIFIED adv«>rtlM?ment« and subscriptions
receUfd »f «~«n hran<-h nffw. ?;nn FlllmTo at.
ROO>IS AND BOARD.
California. 807— Stevenson mansion; select fam-
ily hotel; exceptional table; attractive rooms.
MCALLISTER. 84S— Large alcove single rooms,
suitable for 2 or 3 persons; fine table board.
HOTEL Repelier. 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
VAN NESS, 519— Handsome furnished parlors,
all conv.. eunny suites; best table board.
THE Crocker. 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and »n suite: beautiful grounds.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED — Sunny room, private family, for
gentleman, within 5 blocks of Bush and
Kearny sts.; state rent. Address C. F.. box
4S60. Call office.
| BY September L five furnished housekeeping
i rooms; adults: state rent. Box 4966. Call.
j SPECIAL NOTICISS.
NOTICE— We are responsible for our photo
contracts and coupons as they are printed:
positively no \-erbaI asxeemtns with agents
accepted. GLOBE Portrait Co.. 3 Taylor st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 413 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10. tel. 6580.-
Catarrh poltlvely cured with Chicago Medlca-
tor: trial free: send for circular. 935 Mkt. r. 8.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated: con-
_sultation free. American Dispensary. 514 Pine.
STORAGE AXD WAREHeCSES.
PIERCE-RUDOL^H W Sto^tge^na :^IovlnR^o!r
offlee Post and Powell sU.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mls-
6ion St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1S40: shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Movine Com-
pany, 2320 Flllmore Et. : phone Jackson 281.
SLOT MACHINES.
TWO roulettes, only $75 each, cost* $250. 1167
Market, bet. 7th and 8th; ether machines.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for clothing and equipage.
I>epot Quartermaster's ofnee. 36 Xew Mont-
gomery Ft.. San Francisco, Cal.. August 9,
1901— Sealed proposals, in triplicate, win be
received at this office until 10 o'clock a, m..
Monday. August 26. 1901. Pacific Standard
Time, and then opened, for furnishing Cham-
bray Shirts. Scrubbing Brushes and Mosquito
Bars. Bids will be opened for the delivery of.
the same articles at either the San Francisco,
Boston. Chicago and Philadelphia depots, and
are for the same fcr which bids will be
opened at the other depots. To avoid mis-
understanding as to the exact nature of the
articles to be furnished, bidders will careful-
ly examine the standard samples and speci-
fications, so that proposals may be submitted
by them -with a full knowledge of what will
be required, as an absolute compliance with
the standards and specifications will be In-
sisted upon in the inspection of the goods.
Bidders upon the scrubbing brushes will be
permitted to submit samples differing from
standard and specifications In order that a
selection may be made therefrom should any
of them prove to be equal to or superior to
standard. Bids upon samples differing from
specifications and samples upon which bids
are invited, with the exception indicated, will
under no circumstances be entertained, nor
will unguaranteed bids be considered. Pro-
posals for less quantities than advertised for
will be entertained. Bids for delivery or in-'
spection at other points than those named
above will not be considered. Early deliv-
eries are essential. Bidders must state In
their proposals the rate and time of deliver/
should contract be awarded to them. Prefer-
ence will be given to articles of domestic pro-
duction and manufacture, conditions of price
and quality being equal (including In the
price of foreign production and manufacture
the duty thereon), and euch preference will
be given to articles of American production
and manufacture produced on the Pacific
Coast to the extent of the consumption re-
quired by the public service there. The
United States reserves the right to accept or
reject any or all proposals or any part there-
of. Information and blanks for proposals will
be furnished on application. Envelopes con-
taining proposals will be endorsed "Proposals
No. 7365," and addreesed to Major OSCAR F.
LONG. Quartermaster, U. . S. Army, Depot
Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS fo. Pommel Slickers, Depot Quar-
termaster's office, 36 New Montgomery st..
Ban Francisco, Cal., August 16, 190L- Sealed
proposals. In triplicate, will be received at
this office until 10 o'clock a. m., Tuesday.
August 27, 1901. Pacific Standard Time, and
then opened, for furnishing Yellow Oilskin
Pommel Slickers. Fish brand or equal. Bids
will be opened for the delivery of the same
articles at either the San Francisco, Boston,
Chicago and Philadelphia Depots, and are for
the same for which bids will be opened at
the other depots. To avoid all possible mis-
understanding as to the exact nature of the
allckers to be supplied, bidders will carefully
examine sample slicker at this depot, as un-
der no circumstances slickers inferior thereto
will be accepted. Unguaranteed bids, and
bids for delivery at other points than those
designated herein, will under no circumstances
be entertained. Proposals for less quantities
than advertised for will be entertained. Early
deliveries are essential, and bidders must
rtate .In their proposal the rate and time of
deliveries, should contract be awarded to
them. Preference will be given to articles of
domestic production and manufacture, condi-
tions of price and quality being equal (In-
cluding in the price of foreign production and
manufacture the duty thereon), and such pref-
erence will be given to articles of American
production and manufacture produced on the
Pacific Coast, to the extent of the consump-
tion required by the public service there. The
United States reserves the right to accept or
reject any or all proposals or any part there-
of. Information and blanks for proposals will
be furnished on application. Envelopes ' con-
taining proposals will be indorsed, "Proposals
No. 7571," and addressed to MAJOR OSCAR
F*. LONG, Quartermaster U. S. Army, Depot
Quartermaster. ; . ¦
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. Aug. 12. 1301— Sealed
proposals in triplicate will be received here
until 11 a. m., Tuesday, August 27, 1901, and
then opened, for construction (including
plumbing, heating, electric fixtures and elec-
tric wiring), . at the U. S. A. General Hospi-
tal, Presidio of San Francisco, ' Cal., . of iso-
lation ward <Ward F). Government re-
serves the right to reject or accept any or
all bids in whole or In part - Preference
given to articles of domestic production, con-
ditions of price and quality (including in the
price of foreign productlons'lhe duty thereon)
being equal, and euch preference given to
articles of American production produced on
.the Pacific Coast, to extent of consumption
required by the public service there. In-
formation furnished on application to J. M.
MARSHALL, Assistant . Quartermaster Gen-
eral, U. S. Army. Chief Quartermaster.
1E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late, resi-
dence, 1202 Pacific street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by carriage. • - .
SCANLAN— In this city, August 23. 1901, Mich-
£7FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 421 Grove street. Interment I. O. - O.
F. Cemetery. .
SCHUTT— In this city, August 22, 1901, Au-
gusta, beloved wife of Henry Schutt, mother
of Freado. Helen, Henry and Baby Schutt.
daughter of Jurgon and Rebecca Schroeder.
and sister of Mrs. George Gieger, Mrs. ¦•Fred
Dettermering, Mrs. Anderson Tanzer,' Mrs.
Jurgon . Schroeder Jr. and Rudolph and Wil-
liam Schroeder, a native of Germany, aged
35 years and 6 months.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Masonic Tem-
; pie, northwest corner of Montgomery and
¦ Post streets, where the services will be held,
under the auspices : of Crockett Lodge i No.
139, F. and A. M. Interment Masonic Ceme-
tery. . •
SCHREFELD— In this cltyr August 21, 1901
Christina Schrefeld, beloved wife of the late
Oswald Schrefeld, mother of the late Bertha
• Schrefeld and of Mrs. Emma- Crimmlns,
grandmother of Naomi Crimmins, and sister
of Mrs. Lena Schrouder and . Mrs. M. Stahl.
a native of Germany, aged 64 years 3 months
and 18 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission "street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth, thence to New
Jerusalem Church, O'Farrell street, between
Webster and Flllmore, where services will be
held. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
Remains at undertaking parlors.
PUTZMAN— In Los Angeles. August 21, 1S01,
Theodore M., beloved husband of Elsie -Putz-
man, and brother of Robert and Emil Putz-
man, a native of San Francisco, aged 27
years and 2 months.
(Cy Remains at the residence of his aunt.
Mrs. W. Gable, 763 Hayes street, between
Buchanan and Webster. Notice of funeral
hereafter. '
RYAN— In this city. August 23, 1901. at his
residence, 632V6 Stevenson street, Nicholas,
dearly beloved husband of Mary Ryan, a
native of County Limerick, Ireland, aged 56
years. •
ICTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
SCHAMMEL— In this city. Augrust 2t 1901.
Henry Schammel, beloved husband of Bertha
Schammel, a native of Germany, acted 71
years 8 months and 12 days.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking- ComDany, 405
Powell street. ' near Post. Cremation Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
PIERCE— In this city, August 19, 1901, Maria
Louisa, beloved- mother of William James
and Charles O. Pierce, sister of Mrs. Alan-
son Folger of Sebastopol, and grandmother
of Evelyn pierce, a native of Cincinnati.
Ohio, aged 70 years 6 months and 15 days.
(Cincinnati papers please copy.) .
(CyFrlends are respectfully - invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Saturday), at 2
o'clock, from his late residence at Elmhurst.
Interment San Lorenzo Cemetery- ¦¦. ' ¦'¦
LEVI— Entered Into rest, August 11. 1901, at
Boston. Mass., Mrs. Augusta Levi, dearly be-
loved mother of Mark Levl, a native of
Strasburg, Germany, aged 75 years.
PAUSHE— In this city, August 22, 1901, Matt
Paushe, beloved brother of Mrs. Anna Krlze
of Napa, and nephew of \Anton Ansell of
Xapa, a native of Austria, aged 35 years 11
months and 7 days.
PHILO— In Llvermore, August 23, 1901, Carl
A., beloved husband of Anna Phllo, and
father of Charles G. Phllo, Charlotte Cooney
and Ollle Eaton, a native of Germany, aged
58 years and 20 days.
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1S11 Twelfth avenue south, between P
and Q streets south, thence to All Hallows'
. Church for services: Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
FESSLER— In this city, August 23, 1901. Anna
Fessler, a native of Switzerland, aged 76
years.
GAGEN— In this city, John, beloved son of the
late 'William and -Julia Gagen, and brother
of Mrs. J. Lynn, Mrs. M. Burke, William
Gagen and Mrs. W. Bredhoff. a native of
Ean Francisco, aged 34 years and 4 months.
GATTER — In Tacoma, Wash., August 22, 1901,
Mrs. Ellen Gatter. wife of Captain F. W.
Gatter.
KANGAS— In this city, August 22, 190L Robert
Kangas, a native of Finland, aged 61 years.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
••^Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-flrst.
Interment Laurel Hfll Cemetery.
KINSELL— In Elmhurst. Ausrust 22. 1901,
George, beloved husband of Mary .Kinsell.
and father of Benjamin, Henry S., Dudley
and Helen R. Kinsell and of Omega, wife of
the Rev, H. F. Swartz. a native of Paterson,
N. J.. aged 70'years and 10 months.
JETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
August 26. at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1121 Hampshire street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
COSGROVE— In this city, August 22, 1901,
Edna, beloved daughter of Edward and Kate
Ccsgrrove, and sister of the late George and
Ethel Cosgrove. aged 1 month and 15 days.
DEMPSEY — In South San Francisco, August
23, 1901, John Dempsey, dearly beloved hus-
band of Catharine Dempsey,- and beloved
father of James Dempsey, Mrs. Frank' Sha-
ler and the late Mrs. John O'Leary, a native
of County Kildare, Ireland, aged 63 years. -
Close, Theodore A. Pierce, Maria L. ¦
Conn. Francis Putzr-r.n. Theodore"
Cosgrove, Edna Ryan, Nicholas . .
Dempsey, John Schammel, Henry
Fessler. Anna Seatz. Rudolph
Gagen, John Scanlan. Michael
Gatter. Mrs. Ellen Schrefeld. Christina
KcnR* • Robert Schutt. Augrusta >
Kinsell, George Smith, Harvey L. ¦•
Levl, Mrs. Aueusta Sweeney. Peter J.
Paushe. Matt Tonnes. n Ced'.a T.
Phllo. Carl A. West Mary
CLOSE— In this city, August 23, 1901, Theodore
A., beloved husband of Helen E. Close, a
- native of Indiana, aged 54 years 5 months
and 20 days.
CONN- In Long Beach, Cal., August 20. 1901.
Francis, beloved husband of Eliza Conn,
father of Mary A. Conn and the late Fred
J. and Frank W. Conn, and brother of Fred-
erick Conn, a native of Kent, Conn., aged
63 years 6 months and 14 days. A member
of Alta Lodge No. 242, A. O. U. W.
DIED.
ael, beloved husband of the late Mary Scan-"
Ian. father of Mrs. H. Culllnane, and grand-
father of J»avld, Edna and Harry Cullinane,
a : native " of County Clare, ! Ireland, : azed 69
years. • . ¦ -:-".- •¦'¦ ¦ .'. ¦••. t . .¦•.:." -^
(C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday),- at 10:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of the Pacific Undertakers. 777 Mis-
sion street, > thence to St. Rose's Church for
services, commencing at 10:45 "-o'clock. In-
terment , Holy ; Cross - Cemetery. - . - ,
SENTZ— In this city. August 23, 1901, Rudolph
Sentz, beloved husband of the late Minnie
•; Sentz, and uncle of Mrs. . Emlle Vogelsang.
a native of Berlin. Germany, . aged ¦ 69 years
5 months and 28 days. 3 A member of Bernal
Lodge No. 19, A. O. U. W. .. •
E5" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 'O'clock, from the parlors of
H. F.- Suhr- & Co.,- 1137 -Mission street," be-
tween Seventh and .Eighth, where services
will . be held under the auspices of Bernal
Lodge No. 19, A. O. U. W. Interment I. O.
O. F.' Cemetery. . . .„¦• ' ; ¦¦•¦-. ;¦
SMITH— In this city, August .21, 1901. Harvey
Lyman, beloved husband ¦ of.. ? Mary Jane
Smith, and father of Perry J.. 1 Franklin R-,
William H.. Fred L. and Jessie W." Smith,
Mrs. ¦• Alonzo Ossood ' and , Mrs.- Martin . John-
Eon, a native of Vermont, aged 81 years 3
months and 4 days. , ' ; . '. ¦¦¦'¦-
(C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend' the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock," from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
p&ny, 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment private, I. O. O. F. Cemetery. -.
SWEENEY- In this city, August 22, 1901. Peter
¦ J., loving husband of Mamie • Sweeney, father
of Eddie J. Sweeney, . and .brother of Mrs.
C. J. Cody, a native of San .Francisco, aged
'37 years 7 months and 22 days. '-¦',; ¦.,-. !
(C?"Friends and acquaintances and members
of Dolores Parlor No." 208, N.S..-O. W., are
respectfully invited to attend the" funeral
to-day (Saturday),' at 8:30 o'clock,; from his
late residence, 734 ' Capp street, - between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third, thence to
St. Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated ' for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. . .:.
TONNESEN— In this city, "August- 22, 1901,
Cecilia T. : C. Tonnesen. beloved wife of H.
M.' Tonnesen, mother of O." T. Tonnesen, and
Bister of John N. B.and Bernard Tellefsen,
a native of Chrlstlansand, Norway, aged 47
years 10 months and 17 days. |
ICFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited k to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, • at the
' Scandinavian Church, Howard street, be-
tween Twelfth and Thirteenth. Interment
Odd Fellows: Cemetery. Remains at the
parlors of H.' P. Petersen & Co., 228 McAl-
. lister street. . ....
WEST— In this city, August 22. 1901, Mary
West a native of Ireland, aged 61 years 7
.months and \9- days. , • . '
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124. 205 4th.
SEWING MACHINES AND SCPr LIES.Ur!ted States District -Attorney "Wood
wcrth were objected to by Collins, and the
basis laid for a technical fight in the
ev^nt of Dimmick being held to answer.
The examination was adjourned until
this morning at 10 o'clock, with the under
standing that it will proceed if the court
engagements of the District Attorney and
Attorney Collins do not interfere...
The name is a guaranty of its purity— Jesse
I iloore ' Whltkey is always rieht. ¦ • . : • '
Smuggled Cigars on . the Gaelic.
. ¦ Customs ; Inspector Whearty seized 1100
smuggled cigars on the Gaelic yesterday.
An Insolvent s Painter.
* E.' ' Rey,- a v painter,^, residing^ at
wards, 'filed ¦ a petition 7 In InsOlvencyiyes
terday In the United States District Court,
He owes $745 and has.no assets. . --,{
-^ Deals with ' San 1 Francisco : and - Califor
nia as the greatest summer resort ' In . the
world. Finest Illustrated magazine in : the
•West. Send 1 it i East. Call \ at information,
bureau for it. or send 10 cents; to the pas
senger j department - of , the ;: Southern Pa
cific Company," 4 Montgomery street. ' -
mer Number of "Sunset" P..
Have You Kead the Great. Midsum-
Charles L.' Shilling, a soapmaker em
ployed, at' Fischbeck's soap • factory, on
Seventeenth and Rhode Island streets,
had an artery of his right arm cut yes
terday by . a sheet of castlron falling on
It. ,; Shilling was. removing, some obstruc
tions from, a bench when the iron fell on
his wrist, cutting Into the bone and sever
ing^,the-artery. t He, was hurried to the
City, and. County 'Hospital, where: the ar
tery was tied and his life saved." :
Accidentally Cut an Artery. -
Frank McComb, a messenger boy em
ployed by O. Lewis & Co., 1033 Market
street, swore to a complaint • in : Judge
Cabanlss' court yesterday • charging: Mrs.
Randhahn. 1C11 Twentieth street, with pet
ty larceny. Mrs. ¦ Randhahn. purchased
$4 75 worth of goods 'from the firm. Thurs
day and McComb was sent with the par
cel. Mrs. Randhahn having agreed to pay
for the goods on delivery. McComb took
the parcel and he alleges •: that when he
ret c-hed Mrs. Randhahn's ' bouse he . was
Invited to enter. . The parcel was \ taken
fronr. him and he got the choice of leaving
I-eaceably without the . money or being
kicked out. He chose the former. '
Messenger Boy's Choice,
Rose M. Potter has sued Henry N. Pot
ter, a member of the local : police force,
for divorce, alleging cruelty and. Infidelity
as. causes of action. Mrs. -Potter -avers
that her husband - Is an habitual drinker
and gambler and for some time past had
inflicted great mental cruelty, upon her. -
Charles E. and May Macy tried their
own alimony case in Judge Graham's
court yesterday. Mrs. Macy's application
for an alimony judgment was on Judge
Graham's calendar. . When Judge .Gra
ham took his seat on the bench he found
Mr. and Mrs. Macy in the courtroom en
gaged in confidential conversation: Ad
dressing the couple. Judge Graham asked
if the case was ready for hearing. '-
"We are now discussing. the alimony
question," said Macy. • r K \
"Very well," answered Judge Graham.
"I hardly think you , need the services of
a Judge. Case dismissed." - . f
¦ Mr. and Mrs. Macy looked bewildered
for a moment, then slowly made: their
way out of the courtroom. .
Decrees of divorce have been granted to
Albert Weber from Helen .Weber, for ha
bitual intemperance, Margaret E.;Hart
rup from William A. Hartnup for cruelty
and Katie S. Casebolt from ' Jacob T.
Casebolt for, willful neglect. - - — - •'•
Alimony Petition — Policeman's
"Wife Wants Divorce.
Charles E. and May Macy Fix TTp
' When the. nine-month-old baby was
scalded badly a few, days ago and nothing
was done to -relieve its sufferings it was
thought time • to interfere, and . Secretary
White was called upon. His investigation
has satisfied him that the avarice of the
mother is resulting most disastrously for
the children and immediate steps will be
taken to relieve their condition. The con
dition, of the two rooms occupied by the
Sortanos is said to be filthy s beyond de
scription,'while the children are positively
suffering from similar neglect. . \
The little ones were insufficiently fed
and clothed, but managed to get along
with what the neighbors gave them dur
ing their mother's absence. To add to the
family funds out of .which so little was
taken Mrs. Sortano bought hens and eggs
and started to raise chickens in the bed
room in which she and her five children
slept in company with numerous cats and
a dosr. i : . "-^ T
Sortano Is an Italian sailor, *who Is at
present on a fishing expedition in Alaskan
waters. Previous to his departure several
months ago he gave hls^ wife several hun
dred dollars with which to care for her
self and. the five children during. his ab
sence. Mrs. Sortano, who is of a /very
frugal disposition, at once reduced house
room and the food . allowance to a mini
mum. She then secured work in Fon
tana's canning establishment, leaving ber
children to care for themselves.
MOTHER SAVES MONEY
.. AT COST OF CHILDREN
Charitable Society TJnearths Pitiful
Case of Deprivation and Neglect
• in Italian Family.
A. sad case of deprivation and- careless
cruelty was unearthed by Secretary White
Sf the Society for the Prevention of Cru
lty to Children at the home of John Sor
tano, 2237 Powell street, yesterday.
Charles Holton, a private in the hospi
tal corps, committed suicide at the Pre
sidio guardhouse yesterday morning by
cutting his throat with a pocket knife.
He is said to have been drinking to excess
lately and a fit of temporary insanity
probably led him to commit -the rash. act.
Soldier Commits Suicide.
DIDN'T NEED A JUDGE
SO CASE WAS DISMISSED
States District Attorney Woodworth con
ducted the case for the Government.
Superint«ndent Leach and W. J. Burns, a
secret service agent of the Government,
were present, but took no active part in
the proceedings. •
W. K. Cole, cashier of the Mint, was the
only witness examined during the day.
According to his testimony Dimmick
brought to him on the date of the alleged
embezzlement bills of the Selby Lead and
Smelting Company and other firms aggre
gating 11348 50, and received the money for
the same from the cashier. Although
somewhat irregular. Cole at DImmick's
request accepted various receipted, bills
for the amount, carrying the vouchers as
"cash" until April 30, when Dimmick
again called on Cole, and told him • to
"write off all except the bill for $498 37..
Dimmick put his hand In his pocket and
d»-ew out of a sack he carried the amount
of this bill. "He handed the money over
to me." testified Cole, "saying, 'there is
something I cannot explain about this bill,
and if I tried to you would not understand
Kelly admits getting $200 from. Wulzen
and. Gilleran, but says the agreement -was
that . they , were to send a man along to
work any claims with him that he , might
locate. He- located five claims, but , the
rr.sn never. turned up to ¦• help -him. • He
camp to the city two weeks ago and told
them what he had done and they prom
ised to advance him money to enable him
to go to Seattle till spring, when he pro
posed to return to the gold fields and con
t'.r.ue working the claims. "He was. inyited
to meet them at the Windsor "Hot el and
when he got there he was served with the
warrant charging >him with grar.d lar
ceny. Kelly now contends that as they
broke the agreement by not sending him
a man to work : the claims they linve for
fc'ted,all right and title in the premises.
The case was called in Judere Cabanlss'
court yesterday and after Gilleran had
slver his . testimony it was continued till
Tuesday. The r Judge fixed Kelly's bonds
in $300. or $50 cash. . '^ ¦
James Kelly, , a miner 71 years of age,
was- arrested by Sergeant .'Campbell
Thursday on a warrant charging him
with grand larceny. The complaining.wit
ncfis is J. F. Wulzen, a salesman living, at
4005 Seventeenth street. He charges that
Kelly secured from him on July 15, 1899,
$230 to go to Alaska to locate claims for
h'm and James Gilleran. formerly pro
prietor of the Windsor . Hotel,- and ,¦ that
Kelly has never given them. any' return
for the money. \ /
Dispute Over. the Location of Claims
in the Alaskan Gold
•¦¦••¦ Fields. ; ¦•:*
OLD MINER ARRESTED
\"/- ;/ FOB GEAND LARCENY
Cole claims that he' remarked to his book
keeper, Frank B. Washington, that he did
rot quite understand what was'the reason
thafDimmick acted as he did.- " ' 7
> "As Dimmick wag my superior, officer I
did not ' do 'anything more." said ,Cole,
"but some time later sent Washington to
look into- DImmick's books and see if he
couk 1 . find. these entries. -He reported that
he cculd not." •'. - • ¦¦"¦
After a long series of questions, in
which Cole endeavored to 1 introduce his
opinions' as testimony, Collins succeeded
In ; eliciting: from Cole the statement that
it was not until seven or eight months
later that Cole Informed Superintendent
Iieach of any irregularity. • Cole found
Dimmick making copies of Leach's . sig
nature from a letter press copy book, and
reported ' this matter and | the previous
transaction, to Leach. Cole, started out' to
tell what Leach said at that time, but was
cut .off on statutory grounds. After, a
brief re-direct examination. Cole was ex
cused. • . ..- '• ¦ ¦ ¦
Many of the questions -propounded by.
FORMER CHIEF CLERK OF THE BRANCH MINT IN THIS CITY, WHO IS BEING EXAMINED ON THE FIRST OF
A SERIES OF CHARGES OF EMBEZZLEMENT BEFORE UNITED STATES COMMISSIONER HEACOCK, AND
THE CHIEF WITNESS AGAINST HIM. V-^ C'^- ' - . . -'.;>;
McKenzie Case in Court.
A demurrer to the' petition of Margaret
McKenzie for a writ of mandate 'to com
pel Che Board of Education to reinstate
her In her old position in the School De
partment was argued before Judge Sea
well and submitted -for' decision yester
day. Assistant City Attorney Brobeck
represented the Board of Education Miss
McKenzie's case being presented by Henry
E. Highton.
Change ' of Time and Place.
The lecture on "Alexander VI and Sa
vonarola," a subject of absorbing interest,
by . R £ v - I' L - °' Neil - °- p - an <* the con
cert by Rev. Robert J. Sesnon will take
place not in St. Dominic's Church, but in
Metropolitan Temple. Monday, September
-2. Tickets issued for August 27 and for
St. Dominic's Church will be good at Met
ropolitan Temple September 2.
Just what caused Herold to end his.ex
istence is unknown, except that he was
temporarily insane from the effects of
liquor. The. landlady of the house says
that Herold did not return to his room
until a late hour yesterday morning. She
detected the odor of escaping gas last
evening and at once telephoned to the of
fice of a gas company to repair the leak.
One of the employes of the company was
dispatched to the, house, and it did . not
take him long' to discover that the gas
was escaping fr,om the room occuoled by
Herold. Failing to get a response to his
repeated knocking. on the door he forced
an entrance to the room, and lying on the
floor was the dead body of the youthful
occupant. He immediately notified the
'Coroner, who took charge of the remains.
An ..investigation disclosed that Herold
had turned on the gas after stuffing the
keyhole with paper. Coroner Leland will
hold- an inquest on the body. to-day.
John H.erold, aged 19 years, who was
formerly employed in .Ferguson's cigar
store on Market street, committed suicide
last evening, by. inhaling illuminating gas
at. 514 Taylor street. Herold, notwith
standing his tender years, had been on a
protracted spree and his relatives, think
ing that he had met with foul play on ac
count of his long absence, notified the
police. Detective McMahon was detailed
on the case, and while he was engaged in
searching for the«boy word was received
at police headquarters that youns Herold
had committed suicide.
To-Day 's News Letter.
- "To Whom It May Concern"- is the title
of a memorable poem on the cutting down
of the '"95 oak" at Stanford University.
The verse is by Carolus Ager (Charles K.
Field), the well-known college poet, and
Is published, illustrated, in this week's
News Letter. Among the stories of the
Looker On is some very laughable comic
verse on this week's doings at Del Monte
and Monterey. "The Janitor's Dream" is
a column of excellent satire on the pres
ent strike situation in San Francisco.
Lady Algy handles this week's gossip as
only she can, and Mrs.- Chauncey de Wit
has thrown a new light on the State's
most stunning seashore toilets. There are
three pages of timely editorial, and a
Town Crier exceptionally full of lampoon
and criticism. - •
Asphyxiates Himself by
Turning on the Gas
in His Room.
LIQUOR CAUSES
SUICIDE OF BOY
The attention of Mr. Hays was called to
the recent Superior Court decision which
said that the Southern Pacific has no legal
right to run trains on a considerable por
tion of its Mission" tracks, never having
been granted a franchise for the same.
He was also informed that the application
for a franchise for, a second track now
before the Board of Supervisors would be
opposed by the people of the Mission and
defeated if possible.
-Mr. Hays in replying said that he had
already informed the rNew York office of
the situation in the Mission and would do
so again. He said that the construction
of a road over the Valencia-street hill
would be an undertaking of much expense
which should be avoided if pqssible. Mr.
Hays also call«d the attention of the com
mittee to the proposed cut-off beginning
at San Bruno and. running through the
Polrero to Third and Townsend streets,
which is intended to take the place of the
present track _which the - Mission people
are objecting: to. He said that he would
recommend that the company give prece
dence in construction to this piece of
work. It is a Job of much magnitude,
however, and -will take at least two years
to complete after it has once been started.
The gentlemen composing the committee
werfi George E. Center. G. H. Roundley,
Max PoDper, W. L. Coles, A. ,B. Maguire
and A. S. Lillie.' . ' .
President CM. 1 Hays^of tho Southern
Pacific Company was waited upon-yester
ciay afternoon by a committee of the Fed
erated" Improvement Clubs find asked to
make some statement as to when the
trains would cease to run through the
Mission. ' .;..>/,
Hays and Protest.
ment Clubs ; Wait on President
Committee From Federated Improve-
OBJECT TO TRAINS BEING
" RUN THROUGH MISSION
On June IS The Call told of the pres
ence in this city of Joseph D. Redding,
XV. H. Mills and H. E. Huntington. Mr.
Redding had come from New York a
week before the Princess reached this
city and evidently knew of his client's
coming, as he went up the road to meet
the party. He was in constant consulta
tion with the Prince and Princess during
their stay, and also conferred with oth°r
interested parties. W. H. Mills, who
knows more about the estate of the late
Collis P. Huntington than any other man
living, arrived the preceding Saturday
from the Pan-American Exposition, and
the recent arrival on the coast of H. E.
Huntington was further evidence that a
settlement was in prospect.
Negotiations had been pending for
many months and now at last a settle
ment has been reached. By this compro
mise Princess Hatzfeldt is to receive $6 -
000.000. Of this amount the widow of the
late-railroad magnate is to contribute'$4,
000.000 and H. E. Huntington $2,000,000. As
was stated in these columns yesterday
the Prince and Princess have departed
for Europe well satisfied with the result
of their visit.
The fee to be paid Mr. Redding is eo
munificent that it has created no end of
talk in club circles. One well-known club
man said yesterday that he knew it as a
positive fact that this vast sum would be
paid over to the attorney just as soon as
the settlement had been consummated.
A Significant Coincidence.
Readers of The Call have been aware
that Princess Hatzfeldt contemplated
bringing Buit to recover a daughter's
share of the immense estate. It will be
remembered that by her foster father's
will the Princess was to receive $1,000,000
only. Dissatisfied with this small portion
of the estate, she came to California for
the purpose of '. securing documentary or
cumulative evidence of her adoption by
the late Collis P. Huntington.
Princess Hatzfeldt. accompanied by her
husband and a retinue of servants, ar
rived in this city on Sunday, June 16, and
took quarters at the Palace Hotel. Their
coming was unheralded and their entry
into the city would have been unnoticed
had not the Princess been recognized by
old friends. .The following day The Call
exclusively told of her arrival and gave
the first indication that her visit was due
to matters pertaining to the distribution
of the vast estate of the late railroad
magnate.
The following day the Princess was be
sieged by newspaper men, who -were de
sirous of learning whether she intended
contesting the will of her foster parent.
She denied the news gatherers an audi
ence and departed for Sacramento on' the
morning train to visit her mother, Mrs.
Clara Prentice, who resides at Four
teenth and L streets In the capital city.
The Princess gave out .the Impression
that she was not visiting the State for the
purpose of collecting evidence that would
substantiate her claim to a bigger por
tion of the estate. Her presence In the
State capital, however, revived interest
in the fact that shortly after the death
of Collis P. Huntington a search was
made through the musty archives of Sac
ramento County by some one represent
ing the Huntir.gton interests for a record
of the formal adoption of the Princess
by Huntington. but though the search
was vigorously carried on the document
could not be found. This search was
made, it is alleged, in the interests of the
Huntingtons and as a preliminary step
toward • resisting a possible attack to
break the wilL
Recent Visit of the Princess.
The exclusive announcement in The
Call that Princess vc-n Hatzfeldt Is to re
ceive 56,000,000 for relinquishing all claim
to a daughter's full share of the late
Ccllis P. Huntington's estate was the
principal topic of conversation in society,
club and railroad- circles yesterday. The
positive announcement that a settlement
had been agreed upon and the story 'of
the manner in which It had been effected
was -a. ¦ morsel of gossip -which society
greatly enjoyed. ' .
Friends of the Hatzfeldts. and Hunting
tons were aware that negotiations were
pending, and now that It is known that a
compromise has been reached are inclined
to congratulate both sides.
1% developed yesterday that Attorney
Joseph D. • Redding, who represented the
Princess In the— settlement of her claim
against the estate of the dead railway
Croesus, Is to receive the munificent sum
of $300,000 for his valuable services. No
one begrudges him his fee, as he has
worked indefatigably to bring negotia
tions to a successful issue. He has cross
ed the continent a number of times, has
had repeated Interviews with all parties
concerned, and it is chiefly due to his di
plomacy and legal acumen that a settle
ment was finally brought about.
Mrs. Noble said that they had been
married about six months, and that. they
had come .to California for a vacation.
The woman showed the effects of her de
bauch and was put to bed in the hospital.
Noble's wound is not serious and though
he claimed, that; he could see perfectly,
Dr. McElroy thinks that he will lose tho
sight of one eye.
Noble is'an engineer, on the Northwest
ern Railroad. His brotherhood card gives
his address as Jamesville, TVis. - .
Policeman Frank Engel was Immediate
ly notified of the shooting, and' had the
wounded man and his wife taken to the
Receiving Hospital, j An examination by
Dr. McElroy showed that the bullet had
passed through. the jaw and had come out
near the corner of the; eye. . /
"While on the operating table Noble com
plained of his poor marksmanship, and
said that he was sorry that he had not
killed himself.
-Noble and his^wife registered at the
hotel on Thursday afternoon, since which
time '.both have been • considerably under
the influence of liquor.' Yesterday: after
noon the -Couple, according to .the story
told by: Mrs. Noble, quarreled, each ac
cusing the other of being unfaithful. The
woman says .Noble forced her to drink
several glasses ol liquor, and then secur
ing a revolver from his valise, placed it
close to his head and fired. I In pulling the
trigger the would-be suicide lowered the
revolver, and as a result the shot struck
him In the : face, v
. "Walter B. / Noble, a locomotive engin
eer, and a recent arrival from Chicago,
shot himself through the head with suici
dal; intent shortly after 6 o'clock last
evening in his 'room in • the Brooklyn Ho
tel/. .;'...._:.;. .:'¦'¦.:'- '¦¦'--
Walter B. Noble and Wife
Quarrel After. Spree and
Sh'ooting Follows. .
¦
J.D.. Redding "Will Be Hand
somely Rewarded by His
Titled Client. ~
to Pay 'Her Attorney
a Fortune.
Princess von Hatzfeldt
Chicago Man -Sends Pis
tol Bullet Through
His Head.
LAWYER PROFITS
BY COMPROMISE
ENGINEER TRIES
TO KILL HIMSELF
WALTER N. DIMMICK'S EXAMINATION
ON EMBEZZLEMENT CHARGE BEGINS
'/" '.'¦¦:. ¦¦¦•¦¦ " • ' < ¦ ¦ .¦ '_ ¦¦¦ ¦ .''•• • . . .
W.' K. Cole^ Chief Clerk of )the -Mintv Testifies tothe| Peculiar
Methods Employed by 4tT^||S^^hie|jj|i^||MKp Is Ac
cusedby Treasury Department Officers of the $30,ooO;Robbery
THE preliminary examination of
Walter N. Dimmick, the" former
chief clerk of the branch Mint <n
this city, on the charge of em
bezzling $498 37 on April 7, 1900.
was begun before United States Commis
sioner Haacock yesterday. This is but
one ct e. /series of similar charges pre
ferred against Dimmick by the Federal
authorities, all of which have a tendency
to'connect him with the robbery of $30,000
frpm the Mint vaults several months ago.
Dimmick. pale from -his short confine
ment -' and nervous from the strain to
which he has lately been subjected, came
into the stuffy little courtroom. In charge
of United States Marshal Shine and Depu
ty United States Marshal ; Gamble. ' He
sat near his counsel, George D. Collins,
and frequently conferred with him. United
It.'. Then my bookkeeper ' entered up the ,
amount of, the other bills." - . ,|
Cole's examination at the morning ses- > t
sion was very slow, as he had not- pro- ;
vided himself withthe books of the Mint, :
but ' this was ' remedied at the • afternoon :
setiion, the most important point brought
out for the Government being that at no ,
time during the month of April, 1900, .was:
there any shortage in the funds ; against ¦
¦which these amounts should - have been .
charged "to have necessitated their being )
carried from day to day as "cash." Cole'
read off. the daily balances in each fund;
and the.se were entered in. the record. -..¦
On cross-examination. Attorney Collins I
directed his efforts to • ascertaining . the
substance of the conversation between
Cole and Dimmick at ; the time of the
monetary transactions. Cole testified that -
Ij'mmick was nervous, and that his hand"
shook. About half an hour after he left, .
; TJH.JC •, SAJ>f JJ KAJN U1SCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST ?4,19OI.
12
RIBBON VkM n WSf ' €J lOT SlK ing
lKJL, Yard. J^"^v BrBB HttlJiLi effects; regular prices
Everything we sell In the line of "WOMEN'S AND CHILDREN'S 'WEARING AP-
. PAREL Is made In- our k own. factory- on the Dremlses. know the result of owning
your own factory— it ¦ means a saving, to our patrons of the middleman's profit— for
we can and do s»ll- goods just as cheap and -¦ often cheaper than the wholesale manu-
'acturer charges to the regular retailer. . Our prices have always proved this.
MERCERIZED SATEEN UNDERSKIRTS, f ! ! ! CORSETS ! ! !
BLACK" and "WHITER STRIPES, -flounce' •This guarantee goes with every Corset we
lined, deep ruffle of accordion plaiting; : . sell. Buy a Corset from .us. wear same
trimmed. with double rows of solid black 30 days, if not satisfactory bring us the
pinked ruchlng. sold all overat QO/> old Corset. We'll give you a new one or
>~. $1.50. . Our price to-day ...-.ijaOw; .: • .
Latest style MERCERIZEP SILK SKIRTS SPECIAL" PRICES TO-DAY ONLY.,
in all the latest shades— looks like Bilk— 38cfor our regular 50c Corset.-
will wear 'better than. silk. (I QC SOc-foj^our regular 75c Corset,
sold at$2. Our price to-day tJ>»»OtJ. ,.- • 75c for our regular $1 00 Corset. \ •
*. Sl.OO for our regular $1 25 Corset. '¦
¦f. . M - . .', •¦ .. • ' D » ' $1.50" for our regular $2 00 Corset.
Good News to Intending Buyers of And g0 on up to tne best> These reductions
\CI| I/- WA1CTQ are in all the popular makes. Including R.
..... ...*OlL»IVv;VV,AIO «;»•¦ /. . & G., P. & N. and Thompson's. . , ' ;".
On sale to-day. -.Regular" $5.50 -SILK ¦ : .
-WAISTS/ made of fine quality - taffeta Time Has Come to Close Cut
silk.- front,", back and sleeves of finest 'piJTr nDPM'C * ' D ftiTl?-PADI7C
tucks, f»ll bishop sleeve, small Inlaid V«lLi U KtiW 5» V UUfc. CAfila.
tabs of "closely stitched silk overman ex- . ;' 'HERE THEY GO.
J™n^-*T- < '*i. tuc " n8r 'h5l V -Vrf-^? l 5f ;: - *t-!B for $2 White Pique Capes or Coats..
™?»i« TnHi!- !e t " • y S3.75 *1.75 for-$3Whlte PlqueCapes or. Coats,
waists.- To-day^s price....... VW,»».W 3#50 for $4 . Wnlte P1(jue Capes , or coats.
¦ ¦•>*- .:.¦.¦'-¦. : ' .^ . .. These won't last through the. day— eo call
WOMEIS'S WAISTS. eany.- :; ... ¦; .y.i
'25c •"*& -g-fesi V^&^Hig.- A Few Great Bargains Taken From Many
worth 75c. . _ > : Departments.
9 5 C ' w I T° o h^ Ce Of %1 W t0 ?2 °° SHIRT A |i!rVV Sailor' Collar MUSLIN GOWNS ;
i •:WAibib._ .,_ - T"HJw> regular price. 65c. ;"
BLACK MERCERIZED SATEEN RJA^ For WOMEN'S ' WRAPPERS:
.•WAISTS, tucked front and. back; sold all ' OVfV^,; regular price," S5c. " ' .
over. : at $1 25; our , price to- 7K r ' OQ/^ For WOMEN'S WRAPPERS;
day............ .:............. IOC OOC regular price. $1 25.
.':¦••' ' Otf~l/-> For . WOMEN'S FULL FIN-
f!HTT'HRPN'Q TIDT7QQ QATT7 ¦'- -*5V»C»,;ISHED. FAST • BLACK , HQSE;
VvH1L.UK£jN S> DKU,bb bALli. _ whlte or . blac k feet; regular price. 33c. .
-Prices quoted on Dresses to-day mean a tC%lr* For CHILDREN'S HEAVY or
•great; saving. V 1^-3'w FINE RIBBED BLACK HOSE;
lOcfor '35c '¦ Percale Dresses. ; . ' rerular price , 20c. .- . ¦ -.
3Oc for 65c "White or Colored" Dresses. OOr» For WOMEN'S HEAVY or ME-
' «Oc for $1 00 White or -Colored Dresses. 1 DIUM WEIGHT LONG SLEEVE
v S5c for $1 25 White or Colored : Dresses. VESTS ; . regular . price. 23c. V \ .v : .
These Dresses are trimmed with Laces, QQ« "For WOMEN'S" PINK ALL-
, Insertions, Embroideries and Hemstitch- . t/Ot WOOL IMPORTED VESTS; long 1
ings. , ,¦ . • . -it. sleeves; sold . elsewhere '. $1 50.
' '.I OPEN TO-NIGrJT UNTIL- II .O'CLOCK- .
1212-1214 MARKET STREET^
BETWEEN TAYLOR AND JONES.
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY, MONDAY AND TUESDAY.
GRANULATED Best Cane SUGAR, 21 lbs $1
.* Extra special. Saturday; only.. t - ¦
FAIRBANKS 60LDDUST,3-Ib pkg -r..f5c
Res. 20c.
FINEST CREAMERY 3UTTER. square:. 40c
Good Butter is a delicacy, and can only be
obtained at big prices. We give the best
and ask the least. Res. 50c.
BEST MISSION EGGS, dozen 25c
Gathered dally. 'Reg. 20c.
Cookin? Eggs, good. 20c -doz.
CHOICE FAMILY FLOUR, 50-lb sack... 80c
¦ Rezular 90c.
MOCHA and JAVA, our best COFFEE, Ib 25c
"We have.the'best coffee in the world: our
friends say so.
Resr. 33c pound.
ZINFANDEL and CLARET, stone jug, gal 75c
Extra choice. Reg. $1 00.
Ghirardelli's Ground Chocolate, Mb can 25c
Re^. 30c. -^
TOMATOES, best pack, 4 cans ....... 25c'
Rer. 10c can.
PORT, SHERRY, ANGELICA, qt bot: ...25c
Extra \ special. "Wine.' Reg.^40c.
6RAPE-NUTS, pkg '.. .I2JC
Rer. 15c.
TEAS, new arriial, 6 kinds, Ib. ->. . .'40c
Resr. 60c and 75c pound.
Scotch, Finest Imported Whisky, qt bot 90c
From Edinburgh. Reg $1 13.
BR0MAN6EL0N Dessert Jelly, pkg. . . . |Qc
Reg.' 15c package. .
GHIRARDJLU'S COCOA, irlb can 20c
BORAX FLOATING SOAP, 6 cakes.... 25c
CARNATION CREAM, 3 cans ..25c
Rer. 10c.
FRESH SHRIMPS, extra quality, can. . . fOc
Rer. ¦ 20c can.
I. W. HARPER'S WHISKY, gal.... $2.50
Extra special. Res. U 00.
Our Country Customers
. Can take advantage of these "special"
. sales. We ship free of charge within 100>
miles, on all orders exceeding J5. Ask for
monthly price list— free.'
1348-1354 Mj»rke* *»tr«#»t-
Opp. Seventh. Phone S. 292. No branch Stores.
l^l^ '«' -*. i-SS F**o«n General Wm*,
4sk|**^*^'*'^' < -»"4* -¦. • ' Sir: The glasses matftj
H *£'< ' '-i 3 ?*^^^^^ day. I have never been
< jlM*^TOHlM better ntted than with
S*^^^^^^^^ MaJor General U. S. V.
M pw^^^^j^^^ ftrengthen the Eye and
Ifl^zf'vraul^ : ' ? »3^1 German Eyewater. 50c.
Wm'Jm&Wl&tBl GEORGE MAYERLE.
BKBr??^?'*"*' MKBst&m Gsrmai Exoert Optician,
gjjjg '"£;$£' -^^jSp^t 107 1 1^ MARKET ST.
WANTED.
Strong, AbIe=Bodied Men.
' Good wages. Perfect protection guaranteed,
board and lodging included. Apply to WIL-
LIAM THOMAS. Rooms 12 and. 14. Exchange
Building, 506 Battery st.. between 8:30 a. m.
and 4 p. m.
: mm^- balsam!!
i Promotes the growth of tie hair and |
<; glveslttlielastreaiKlsllfelneasofyouai. |
» When the hair; Is gray or laded tt 5
t BRINGS BACK THE YOUTHFUL j COLOR. $
\ I It prevents Dandruff and hair fantng 5 .
j | and keeps the scalp dean and healthy. \A
:'--¦, '¦-¦¦-. -¦-... ¦- • ¦ ¦-. r -.
' "'¦'¦¦_:¦ '¦¦-. Hale'sl . \ _' Sale's. -
I. "'¦ . " ' ' - ' ' k ¦ A -. *k
Mff^S^ — :- — 1^*^ Gate Ave. mUBs
~^*^**OD GOOO£sf^ '-/. ' \. I i /{Afutj
" •£' -d-' *' -S^v"^'-'" -s~V ""'¦-- ' " tJ Inr
The 2Oth Stohe: • '" '\kw\
•/ ¦-¦>—.: ' , Hi ilr
Security! No sale is so small but that this entire estab- j Q n;
. lishment stands back of it to redeem it. Your:rnoney is as safe RU j
here as if you'd put it in a savings bank— and it s wiser, or ttimes to > }i uu *
leave it here than to plant it in some vault. . t -ffl uj|
Take table linens:^ You're safe. We don't give you part cotton. m |l.
Or rlbbons^-none but pure silk: or muslin underwear— none but , |i \U
wholesome, healthy made garments. . You're safe !— if you buy here. | nni H;j
56c Metal Belt Buckles 25c. || j
To-Day for the F>st Time. 5 || B jVll
[' - Half-price! The most popular kinds! , s! O|
' They are in gilt with" large jewel settings. The same are \\ |**j
in regular stocks at 50c, but we picked up a few scant dozen | |-|
from New York a few days ago, which we decided to put on sale | | jg
to-day for half what you paid yesterday or. will likely. pay Mon- S g
day. ¦ ' %'¦¦¦ ¦ \ \\ U
Our notion business is booming. Maybe you don t know H| ||
why, so to make it worth your while to come. and find^out we are I'M & j
going to make these belt buckles. so cheap you can't help, but <y\ S^\\
buy them. . Then you will see how much more:we can do for you Vlf/ I
% in notions than any one else and come>ack again. After all we V
don't lose in the end. do we? /¦';"'; ' .
\ €**>».*¦ \rV ' Oneof Saturday's \ N \\V0/' C '** \^
f'l"""'-"'"!'^- Three styles-the band turn-down, the straight i " li ' "'u.
ftnnrl standing or the white wings. A good, serviceable Jn+tir?
UUUU collar, one that sells regularly at 12%c But a size //// tJh* "
\a/J// s or two may be missing in one or two styles; you fi'f\r
' YwJJM may not get just the size you want in the style . # **Jr
¦HiiimiiiiUMimii/' you want, but your size 13 here in one of the *)H!lniliTininj:ri
styles. 5c Instead of 12^c. _.
Fl*^,,*™,, Men's -Half Hose 12%c— Natural gray wool mixed PfOmnt-
LCOnOmy stockings, strong, comfortable. ni*C
"mi'iim'MiiiHi/ Women's Oneita Union Snits 45c. HiMnimmmiK
f > fi.ftn£MK' m i Heavier Than U«n»l— If or* Deiir»ble Thaa U«n»l. M&W
v * t ' Y£***' - Now don't set this mixed up with cheap garments. ¦* -^^
f)T (OR the y are Just as P ood and as Perfectly made In every mJlOtf}
* way as any you can buy from regular stocks. It's glv- \ v **
Hiiinniull Illl \\C . Ing you more than you pay for that'll make you lum'nuKIIHim
-• t J stick close to us. Other as good offers: ¦ . -^ -»
JbnthUS- CF]XT>B-T5W'S ONFJTATJNIONSUTTS.50C- O^/V?/Z//
"^V" M Heavier than usual; jersey ribbed, fleece lined, pearl *-»*" m*r**Ji
Ifi^ffl * buttons, covered seams. They are the new season's t?£tGC
*i*<s'** garments, perfect fitting, highly desirable in every fea- /*C*O*?
mnnmnnrTT-:nH ture: sizes 3 to 13; 1200 of them. 'iiiiiiiiiHiini'iiiit'
"WOMPTN'S FIi"P-35CTE LINED TJNDEB'^rBAIl.
mTy m > . 40C— Vests or pants, very heavy, ribbed and In ecru; f S\n/T*n
4^1 llft\/ the vest s nay e silk shell edges, gusseted arms, long or &U/£Otsft m
*•**«/. short sleeves, covered seams; two styles In panta— •ffotifkn
French bands buttoned down the side, or string band l/Ctl lUil
'mill 11111111111111' caught at the back: the ankl<»3 are shaped; as good a I
""," "UlinniTrr. 50c garln ent as we know of. To-day, and while the 200 i " "" ll '"iii-||llil
-> j dozen last. 40c. , TW^nm^*** ,
7ka\/til CHILDEEN'R FLEECE UNDERWEAR. 25C- JjOilBy
MM U vvtJ Vests or pantalets, ecru and ribbed; the vests have /Jn/i//''
¦ ' French necks, buttoned down the tpmt. covered fPff^fl
''...'....'.. .' seams, pearl buttons; they are the best kind made. I
¦Wlliyil I Illllltll'll .-. in sizes SO to 84— 23c. i - i 11 """ 1 """ 11 ' IIT ''
/ 7Vtnf«y»#x•^ WOMEN'S FALL UNDERWEAR. 50C-Nat-« >» / •
I nOrOUDn' u™\ gray and jersey ribbed, wool mixed vesta and f 7/1/}//
j& pants; they are the kind that won't shrink: the vesta VCy #
//•Q.C'V have p-u3sets. pearl buttons, covered seams; the panta aT/ifi/lG!
mm \s*~r^s | have French yokes, shaped ankles, flaps on the back; I xc^ 4 - ?
""""¦"" ¦"" <••<<* sizes 4, 5. 6: 200 dozen of them on sale this morning, 'HIM ltl>tlltlMI TTT7771
a j and until sold. 50c. _
AdVOr* INFANTS' UNPFRWEAR. 25C-Wrapper style VVfe
¦• . garments, buttoned down the front, silk trimming i V. wr
llSJflf}, about the front and neck, pearl buttons: sizes 1 to 6. \V/J1
ADVERTISEMENTS.
rBlJYING^
is one thing. Fitting them
to the eyes is quite another.
It's very easy to bay
glasses; bat it requires the
I services of the exprrt to
fit them. We have bui't
up the large business vr&
now conduct on the strength
of our ability to fit any
kind of eyes with the rio;ht
glasfes. • |
SlAJfDABDOPTpife.
2l7Kt3rnevSk H
It tvfll pay you to bring-tMH <
A<3 vrith you to our store.
*¦ . • < ¦ - ¦ *. .
•NEW WBST;ERN HOTEL,
I/EARNT AND WASHINGTON 'STS.— RE-
:" modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, 50c to $1 50 <Jay-
rt to JS week; i& to ISO month. Free bathe; hot
and cold water every room ; flre grates In every
room; elevator runs all nljcht.