MSEfraKi .. . ;. - tj XIUUNS JUSfTPtflBUS? - - : -
PAGE 11 .^
Sunday Call Women and Children's Section
JOSIE
JWJIJISPIBLD'S
CJ1LIFOR,J>IW.
111112
COURTESY AND
GOOD MANNERS
IN THE HOME.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
ETIQUETTE
Copyright) 1!«"1. by lxi.il/i-day, 1'ukc & Co.
«^-r \A* that ihe ui<irlt of the most
f \ punctilious etiquette enjoins for
\\ one's conduct 111 society is doubly
I blndini; at home. A» the Ntw
TtT.turm-ut enforces the teachings
of the Ol<l with viutly rnoro exhaustive
requirement, but rtl:c\e» them of ull
hardness and ixaetpewj i*y tho. infusion nt
, Jove us a motive, ho with the family rela<
'*" tlon. ; v
1-iuli Individuality Ih un uncumprornis-
teg fact and has to bo takei» Into consld
•ration, and though brothers and sisters
owe Identically the same debt to heredity
all the way back to Adam, they usually
seem to have taken advantage of the wide
choice offered by the multitudinous fam
ily connection to Inherit the most oppo
site traits and often most antagonistic
natures. The law of "the attraction of
oppoaltes" In matrimonial selection also
complicates the domestic problem, and,
unfortunately, relationship is not a talis
man for affection.
To harmonize tempers and disposition*
teuch love is required, but there is no oth
er such emollient to allay irritability, no
such check to petty disagreements or to
Interference with personal liberty between
brothers and sisters, ro like bar to rude
ness on the part of chi'dren and servants,
as the habitual observance of the rules
of politeness which we instinctively follow
with strangers. ,■■';,'■'■ ,
Sources of Family Discord.
The a b c of good manners demands
that ire soften the asperity of criticism,
but home truths have often a freedom
and frankness peculiarly exasperating
Altercation about trifles la a fruitful
source of friction, and stock subjects of
disputation beget a chronic ."touchiness."
One seldom convinces by excited and
voluble argument, and when a suspicion
of temper appears gjod-by to success!
Politeness compels a conciliatory , man
ner, an open-minded hospitality to t'to
views of others, which will be most ef
fective If our object be to influence rather
than to vent our irritation. "Peace at any
price" is a good family motto.
Some persons keep advice for gratuitous
distribution, and give it at such length
and with such energy that ail free agen
cy seems lost to tho one addressed. A
well-bred reticence should bo exercised
both in asking qccstlonb and offering ad
vice, respecting every one's natural de
9lre for independent thought and action.
The elders aro apt to dogmatize, expect
ing their views to b* accepted without
question, forgetting that their correctness
Is not eo evident to those whose minis
have not paused through the eamo jpro
cesses. "' '■:'. •"■ ■ ';X) ■'.', '•• •."■'; ..
There are people who seem to think
that no ono Is entitled to a placo
in the world hut thos<» of whom they
approve. These self-constttutcd critics
0.to uaually the least patient of criticism
when directed toward themselves. ■'■We
cannot expect all the world to live up to
our M.iiicJarrlx, nor expect of others what
It is not In them to be. How tlresomoly
monotonous nil the world would be! A
wise' power has made no two alike. Ah
well condemn the roue for not being a»
useful u» the cabbage!
Family "Good Form."
One thing good form imperatively do
mandM, that by no mlnehunce, no lows of
Keif-control, shall family discords be re
vealed to strangers, children or servuntH.
If there bo friction that may develop Into
a nkirrrslsh, let It b« deferred, at whatever
cost to eelt-reprcHiilon, and resumed, If
need be, behind closed doom. '
An uncontrolled voice in always unman
nerly. It Is wise not to ullow a point at
iHSue to become too Important. . '
Homo persons always wlnh to shurn their
small iilliiHMtH und require un audience
for their KUffcrlngH. A French woman
once exclaimed with comic pathos, "Tulk
of the patience of M. Job! Any woman
whose husband has had a cold In the html
is entitled to a like Immortal reputation!"
A readiness to give up in little thing* 1.4
the most tactful appeal possible for a re
turn of courtesy. at other times when tho
matter may be of Importance to us.
It is a high attainment in politeness to
allow others to be mistaken. Lot a trifling
misatatement pass unnoticed where no
principle Is involved, and when a mistake
Is past remedy, it Is best to let the subject
drop. The argument of the "I told you
so'.' character Is quite superfluous.
That irritability can be controlled and
that Instantly I* proved bj» the celerity
with which frowns vanish and tho voice
takes on tones of genial cordiality at Ihu
unexpected appearance of some acquaint-""
arice with whom we wish to stand well.
The paradox is hard to explain that— ,
We vex our own by look and tone.
Yet we lore our own the beet,
• ~ - %
May it not be that in tho world of so
ciety politeness has become second na
ture? It Is there instinctive to put. re
straint upon ourselves, to hide whatever
will not be pleading to others and to shov/
ourselves at our beet and brightest, but
in the seclusion ' of home we dare to be
barbarians, still trusting to love to stund
the strain.
Nothing is more contagious than tem
pers, good and bad. There are somo un
canonized saints who seem to be non-con
ductors of moral electricity. When others
aro cross they turn a deaf car nnd pre
tend not to sec and the culprits arc grate
ful—afterward. Vnsnrl says of tho painter
Raphael that Ill-humor could not live In
his atmosphere. One can always bo cheer
ful whether one is happy or not. Good
breeding Is so largely an outward expres
sion of an Inward grace that th« boundary
lino between etiquette und ethics Is often
• undlstlngulshable.
Points of Family Honor nnd Breeding
Of course no delicate or honorab!e per
son opens another's letters. Even tho
youngCKt children In the household hIiouI.I
have the pleasure of opening the letters
addressed to .them, and ho bo trained Int..;
a recognition uf the Invlolublo nature of
personal correspondence.
Practical Jokca lire rarely Indulged In
by persons of nice perception!), and teas
ing passes the bounds of «uod tasto the
moment that It ceases to be a matter of
pure fun on all sides.
inquisltlvoni'HS Im alwajH had form.
"Whom In your lettcc from?" "What
makes your eyea bo red?" are Interfer
ences with ono'H rightful privacy.
A closed door should bo respected and
give assurance, of secluHlon. Liberty Ih
Ihe guaranteed enjoyment of lawful
rights." ,
Tho rough proverb, "Wash your dirty
linen at homo," carries u, vuluablo truth.
One who Ih ho disloyal .im to repeat to
any outsider, however Intimate) anything
to the discredit of the family, deserves
to forfeit all family rlghtx and privilege*.
And hcro.lft me e,nt«r a protcHt against
innkliur onn'H family mutter* newspaper
property. T_he.re,«r«r«i._ no terms Btroiij,'
enough to condemn tho vanity of parents.
who will allow a daughter'H charms,
pniHpcctH und advuti'lugeti to be adver*
lined in the public inlntH In this presVi
ridden country.
Homo Truths. *
For Howe occult rcitxou people are sin-
Bltlvo to criticism <>f their clotht'H hikI
oven of .tho prevailing liudih.n, uh they
Continued, oh i'iu,e. Bevcn*CAST OF THE LATE QUEEN
VICTORIA'S
HAND
HOW A LITTLE 7
LADY WHO LWES
JN'ALAMEDA
CAME TO HAVE
A CAST OF THE
LATE QUEBN'
VfCfORlA'S HAND 7
PRESENTED TO H£R
{"I^IIE royal hand of Quern Victoria—
I the hand that signed more hlstory-
I making dispatches than that of any
J of the world's monarchs— the hand
-that swayed the scepter of Great
liritnjn— that hand U preserved In cast
and belongs to a little Alumeda nirl.
• Tho' grcnt Malhcrbl cast-It. It was In
the yen r 1847 that he received from II. K.
II. Prince Albert ,the special command to
conic to Windsor Castle for the /purposo
<>f cnxtlui; tho honored and beloved hand
which had been given to Prince Albert
on the happy day of the >:reat marriage
ceremony. It wun his hand, by rights, ho
raid, and ha wanted It modeled.
So Sluii'ir Malhcrbl betook himself to
the castle, and wont to work wJth such
pains that the enst was 'almost spoiled.
Slgnor Mulhrrbl owned afterward that he
wan what we call "rattled." In tho end
he rallied.
It was m» beautiful a hand! Ills Italian
fiiihtisliiHni gurgled and bubbled and
gushed.' It wns Indeed the hand of a
queen. \
White and dainty, he said It was, as bu
ilt h aristocracy. Firm und forceful, be
sides, u befit* the ruling power of a great
nation. And the beauty of tho hand ap
pealed to the artist eye. It wan so snowy
and tho iiiiUh were si delicately rosy and
the HfMh wan so llrmly plump. Tho lln-
Bers tapered, too— not quite ho much ns
the artlHt eye would have delighted In,
but there had to be some executive ability
In the shape, of the tlnger tips for the
«ako of the palmlHtH. They could never
have permitted Queeu Victoria to be a
dreamer.
The cant was entirely sucoeBHful and
tin- Prince Consort treasured It uh long as
lie lived. Mnlhcrbt was wise enough to
malto anoihi'i- for himself, and It Is that
cast of hit* own that Is now In California.
l.lUi* innny nrtlHtH, ht> hail a checkered
career* uud IiIh downs usually exceeded
hlH ii;ih. It wan In the utros* of one of
, these downs that he reached tho point of
parting with -the beloved hand cuat." it
wont hard with him— It wan on» of his
works that !»• wus especially proud of—
but the landlady pressed.
llo wi&S just about wrecked physically
in his luta days »tnl, unable tii do now
THE SUNDAY CALLi:*'
■ ■ • *
work to support himself, h^ h«d to dis
pose of such of his old treasures, as ho
could get any money for. Among them
went the hnr.d.
A brotheN sculptor bought both moid
and cr.st of htin. After Malhorbl's death,
which took place In 1 ".'»"». the man de
stroyed the mold and so the cast was the
only representation, left, except the 'one
which was made for Prince Albert. The
cast has been preserved, ulthough passed
from hand to hand down the years, and
at lust it was presented " to little MUs (
Charlotte W. D'Hvclyn of Alameda, ■ •
She is a Qu>»?n'» birthday girl, and she
raised the HrUlnh flag half-mast high at
tho memorial ierVlcei to Queen Victoria
hold in this city last March. The cast of
the hand was sent her ns a birthday gift,
nnd it Is a Klfi that she will treasure as
long as she, llvcu. ." >
The work on !t displays the muster craft
of Mulherbl, and tht» excellent state of
preservation after Its llfty-four yours of
adventure Indicates the suporlar^quullty .
of the matoiMul used. It Is found . upon
boring Into the thicker portion? of the
model to have become crystalline In den
ulty.
Tho exact form of the linger nails, tho
delicate curves of tho back and palm, thtt
subtleties of tho lines, even the hint of
dimples, uro all preserved, A palmist can
take tho cast ud It Is to-duy und lull tales
of Queen Victoria'* thmight-rrorTd with
almost as much precision- as he ..could
have done from her living hand.
Show it to him and tell him that it Is
the hand of ciisan Smith, who was an
unsuccessful seamstress, and ho will tell
you that he uoesn't believe you. The
owner of thut hand could not- have been
unsuccessful, he. will say.^ There is too
much will power In the broad thumb Joint
—broad far beyond the average In wom
an. Soo it alone and It might be taken
for that of a man.
The joint of logic is long, too. It Is sup
plemented by u deep, clean-cut headline
■that keeps bravely away from the mount
of Imagination, whither other headlines
of the sex nro wont to tend.
These are all qualities more pertaining
to u man than a woman. Add to them
the trcnundous umbltlon nnd independ
ence, In the foiellnger. the determination
in the back-turnod thumb, the buslneu
ability In the Uttlo tlngVri and you might
fancy that hero was aV'nctir woman" with
n vengeance.
Hut In spite of 'II her mnvcu'lne vir
tues she was eMcntlaUy* fem'.nit^ TbX 1
huinl Is imulli The linger* taper toward
a love tor tho tine arts, und there is a
woman's tait l'i their tlp.s.
Tho most striking und significant thlrii
alout the han-l-rctuUng la lu tho "cutting
tt^iv" of the puUn. There, says (he putra-
1st is a " lack - a total lack.' of fight."
Tho owner of this hand wo ; uhl be of a
most peace-loving' disposition.
How is that for a reading?
. But. after all, what the palmist has to
say matters very little now that the hand
has written its own history and the ttme
of prophecy Is past. Victoria lived to
show what the band could do. It fulfilled
the duties of the Queen and of the wom
an. It pinned medals of honor upon the
breast of the .soldier.' It was outstretched
to the poor and the suffering. It signed
papers that dlnfted national currents of
affairs. Diplomats hung upon its ges
tures. Strong ir.en were swayed by them.
If the little Alameda girl who has its
counterpart thinks of all these things
when she looks at it perhaps it will live
to point many n mural, even if it is only
a "cast hand."
When Mark Twain lived In Uuffalo "no
maiio the acQualntanw of some neia'i
bors ur.der peculiar circumstancea. Leav-
Is'K his house one uiornlng he saw soiiu 1
thliig which mti«1o h!m tun across *Ji3
street and remark %n the peoplo who
wore i;athou-ti un th-> veranda: "My
name i»*C»tmcn». My wife und i huvo
been Ir.lendlrg* to ca I' on you nnd BVV»4
your acquaintance." We owe you tin apjl
«>«y (or nut doing It before now. 1 b<?3
yoiir i-anUui for IntrudlnK on you in thu
Infiumal inuiucr, und at this tlmo of duv.
but .sour huitho Is on Uro."
3THE LATEST
FASHION
NEW YORK
Here are the latest frills and fashions for Holiday attire and
some of the rich gowns of New Ycrk's and Washington's s wellest
set axe folly described. What Miss Alice Eoosevelt, MiBs Van Alen,
Mrs. Henry Clews and others will wear. <
{"""WHEY are cutting 1 and shipping, shap-
I Ing and stitching upon* the gown
1 I that is to be worn Christmas, time.
I To. make a Christmas gown Is now
X as much a custom with tho modern
■woman as to have an Easter hat and It
Is sure that she spends more time plan
ning It.
The Christmas gown Is a house gown,
or one that Is to be worn Indoors. It ia
designed for one of many occasions and
In selecting it a woman takes her chofce.
Kithcr she will have a new frock for a
Christmas dinner party, or, forgetting the
dinner, she will Indulge In one for an
evening's entertainment, whether It be a
dance, a reception, a "party," as the card
affairs are caWed, or for mere emergency.
No mutter what the gown may be, nor
the occasion for which It Is Intended, It
mum be a picture eown. Without this
qualillcation.lt will not answer any of the
requirements of the Yule. Gowns stow,
Instead of less plcture-Uke, more and
more bo, and it really begins to look as
though the " picture" came first and the
gown afterward.
For the Christmas dinner, which is rare-
It a very stately affair, there may be a
dinner gown with dressy attributes, with*
out actual elegance, but- it must have
some characteristic distinction, if It be
no more than old lace.
Borne difference exists In the time of
serving of the Christmas dinner. In New
York It is almost universally set forth at
6 o'clock. In other parts of the country It
comes at noon and in many families It In
served at a between hours, that Is, at 3
o'clock.
For the day dinner the dark silk Is now
the proper gown. It Is a season of silk
gowns and very demure and subdued the
silk looks, made up Into a deml-traln
and bodice. In yellow brown there are
many pretty gowns. One had a trimming
of black lace around the skirt with white
chiffon pulled through tho lace under
neath, so that It showed through tho lace.
Above It there was a little block velvet
trimming. Black velvet was put on In
little rosettes, not one larger than a dime.
It took dozens to go around the skirt.
All the browns are in for dress pur
poses, and In the glace taffetas thero I."
a wide variety of tonu.i. Homo ono do
dares that there aro forty deslrablo
bhudes, running from a deep tan brown
to tho Invisible seal. Tnbacco Is the fa
vwritf, with autumn leaf brown aud tte
Drown of the butternut coming' close
after.
Kor all these brown silks there is tho
block lace trimming, oi the trimming of
white lace, and there are the passemente
ries, which Id some form or other look so
well upon the skirts of the year. • ■--• -
For the early dinner there should be no
attempt at the low neck, the dress ex
perts tell us, and noi even the square
neck should be att«mi-t<-d. But there is
something no attractive about the square
neck, so positively homelike, that at such
a formal affair as the Christmas dinner
many ladles are willing to waive - ques
tions of ceremony and etiquette and don
the costume that Is prettiest and tli* ono
In which they, would be remembered tho
whole year. If tho dining-room be dark
ened and lighted artificially then tho mod-
Ifled square neck Is appropriate, even in
the middle of the day. • ■, -
For CeremoniousJDlnners.
The late Christmas dinner In one that
caJls for all tnt ceremony of the moat
ceremonious of dinner:*. It Is a dinner for
grown people and the children are ban
ished therefrom. At this dinner the moat
beautiful creations are worn, ami. It Is for
Juat such an occasion that the modlstea
ore exerting thcrnselvct. to the utmost.
A Christmas dinner gown to bo worn by
Mrs. Henry CIcwk Is a dcllKhtful thing In
black and blue. Tho two colors urn mixed
and mingled and combined In a Frenchy
v.uy that Is most catching. It In dlfilcult
In theso days of cntre deux of emplece
rnents or applications, of Insertions and
underlays, to accurately describe a gown,
but In looking at this drcsn of bltm and
black one gets the UlUk that tho black
Is made up underneath the blue, which
falls over it. ■■•■.< >.
The black acts as a drop skirt and,
where there are opening* In-the blue, the
black shows through. Each opening is
covered by its patch of lac«. Around the
lace there is the most delicate little trim
ming of pale blue ribbon. ■ .'.
The French knot plays an Important
part in all ceremonious dinner gowns.
There is a way of making these know
so that they will stand out and form \\
trimming. . They give tho effect of that
essential to all good gowning, embroid
ery, ar.d the French knot diversifies the
surface of: some, of the handsomest of
silks, brocaded and plain. .'- .•■>■
. The brocaded crepo de chines are cre
ating somewhat of a sensation. The
groundwork' Is u crepe do chine, but tho
brocaded tiguro Is In silk and It creates
an "atmosphere," as the French artists
say, which Is elegant In tho extreme. - '
The new fabrics, while undeniably beau
tiful,.are not necessarily expansive, and
for a little one can create a Christmas
gown that wo*uld in former Reasons «hav«
cost much more, yet the effect will bo
quite the same. " . _. ■ '
• Tho Uses of Lace. ,
For dinner gowns there are the lace re
sults; they can be called by no other
name. I^a'ce of not too- elegant a quality
Js appllqucd with lace figures, cut bodily
out or very pretty pieces of lace, and
around these lace figures there are chuB-
Ings of passementerie, or of ribbon, or of
mock Jeweled braid; AH flowers seem In
some mysterious way to havo an outline
and, from the brocaded silk which has
Its brocade defined with threudit of sil
ver, to* the lace Which needs something,
If no more than a bit of colored Bilk un
derneath, to bring it out, figures ure mado
prominent.* ' • -
Dinner gowns, thus elaborated and made
beautiful with handiwork, become actual
creations and one must be pardoned for
dwelling upon them. \* • - .
.'The pompadour silks come In for their
share of praise. They are golly flowered
and some of the newest ones show the
flowers in tiny sprays that do not moke
one look so Immense as the big bouquets
were'prono-to do. .-■.,,>
'■' The little corn , colored backgrounds',
with very. small' bouquets of flowers scat*
tered over them,' can bo made up Into lit
tle dinner, gowns, that are positively un
rivaled for daintiness. Nor Is It the youth
ful only who can wear them, but upon
those who have arrived at the years of
discretion, who have usually demanded
dark colors, they look well, for there In
something quaint arid picturesque about
them which recommends them to all.
A pompadour silk will be worn at a din
ner soon by Miss Van Alen, the helms*
daughter of J. J. Van Alen, tho young
woman to whom all the titled of Kumpn
have been reported engaged. Including
Prlnco llcnrl a'Orleans. Miss Van Alcu'tt
gown will have a background of sky bluo
silk, while upon it will be the daintiest
little iioH(>»;ayB in dwarf roses with Kroou
leaves and little cowslips scattered
through,
The flowers will be much -smaller thanlife size and tied with, the narrowest 'of
ribbons. "A pretty feature of this bouquet
is that the nosegays aro "tied" with ac
tual velvet ribhoiiH, us narrow as u cord,'
sewed to the vllk In a sort of applique. jT
Realism Is coming :nto gowns. Instead
of seeming to wear r.e are to actually
wear. Buttons that, button something
trim our gowns, and buckles that will un
buckle. This Is noticed upon the stocks
and belts, thnt worn once fastened with
an Invisible climp underneath, while u
dummy bucklo ornamented the top. Now
ono - must buckle ani pull the good.*
through, as a strap, and make it fast
with a good sharp tugging. It wears 'out
the materlul sooner, but there Is a lit look
about it that Is very attractive..
In the matter of buttons, even upon din
ner gowns, ono notices their realism. If
there is a button anywhere you can look
for a place that Is to unbutton, and one
of the very newest fads for dinner waists
shown wide pointed revere that lap over
and button, • On one nine is a big button
and on the other a big buttonhole. .When
you wish to clono the front of the waist
so as to hide tho vest you doublo the
points, one over the ether, and button*
them. ■ - ■ • ■ ' .
Bo In the matter of decorations, stripes
and brocades, nquaren, checks and platda.
1'lnlds are put In by actually plalding
ribbons or plalding bands of silk ojvclpth;
and stripes are mado by using ribbon
and braid In such a way as to stripe the
wklrt. Squares are formed In the gams
way, by hand-sewing, and brocades arn
brocaded visibly, either by appltquntng fig
ures upon the surfaco of tho goods or by
tracing tho figures nr.d making them
worn conspicuous by outlining them with
narrow ribbons, with gold cords or with
■Ilk stitching and embroidery.
' An Ag4 of Realism. !
"That which seems to b« mast be
there," Is the rule In dress trimmings and
In dress figure*; and to vet results you
must put them there with needle and
thread. It Is dreadfully hard upon the
Woman who Is not sifted with the noodle,
but she who haa talent In her fingers
profits by this style, for sho can havo that
Which her wealthier plater enjoys with no
more cost than she would bo willing to
expend anyway upon a gown.' •
The practical use of narrow ribbon is as
yet only half understood. Women take
hold of the Paris. creations and murmur,
"How beautiful!" without knowlngjivhy.
An extrulptte thing In claret colored taf
feta was a network of baby ribbon, which
was crossed und Intertwined, yet always
It preserved some semblunce of a pattern.
The ribbon was turned to make it lie
more gracefully like a leaf that turns In
the wind, with half its side doubled under.
The shirred ribbon effects cannot be
overestimated. Narrow ribbon is shirred
along each edge and the string Is pulled
until it makes a puffing. This is then used
as ti trimming and very beautifully it
takes form In Its various guisea. There
arc .coses, in the Imported creations,
where shirred ribbon is made to look like
brocade and Is applied in figure form, the
shirring laid sldo by side and then sep
arated to give a curious undulating effect.
It would neem as though anything at all
could bo done if one had the Bmall ma
terials and the patience.
Picture effects In evening gowns are
much more easily obtained than In gowns
that are for dinners only. In the evening
dress there is the candle -light and tho
Miadow to help it out, and there Is .also
the. peculiar exhilaration of night. There
Is something about an evoning gown that
Is understood by all but expressed . by
none. No woman but will tell you that an
old gown can be made over for evening,
and none but will trust to the light and
the little livings to make it presentable.
Evening Stuffs.
The panne materials, silk, velvet and
doth, are all very admirable for evening.
There are the softer veilings, the cash
meres In very ' thin qualities, the can
vases of silk and' albatrosses anil the
Oriental stuffs, all within easy rocket
reAch of the woman who doBlres them.
For those who can claim a share of
youth thero are picture gowna that aro
lovely In the extreme. And there Is this
about them, that they make a mature flg»
ure look more youthful.
Take an essentially evening gown— a pic
ture gown—of Inexpensive liberty silk.
The waist 1a made with a curious shirred
. or folded effect across the front, the folds
going from side to side. The sleeves were
folded In . the same way, with the - folds
running around the arm. There was no
Hnish to the sleeve, not even a drop or
lace. . but the folds encased the arms and
enwrapped them in the most picturesque
manner. ■ •■■•. ■ : ~ -.-•?-■•■ ■ '■■■:. . ;.
The nock was even more simple in de
sign, for it was made pointed, front and
back, with the point as low as four or live
Inches beneath the chin. A very deep
lace was laid around the neck and brought
down to a grandmother's point In front,
where it was fastened with an American
Beauty rose. . ..•,■;• ■» - ■ -
Such lovely effects are obtained wllh 1
American Beauties. They do not wither
and, if bought in the bud, ready to open,
they -will • - very gradually spread their
leaves, • until at midnight they are lovely
and decorative In the extreme and just
suited to their work of adornment, when
flowers other than the American Beauty
would hnve begun to wither. . •
The skirt of such a gown as this, with
waist folded In horizontal folds, may have
tucked hips, while the skirt flares and be
comes very modern around the foot, hav
ing thnt great sweep which Is so much de
sired nowadays.
Long Frail Skirts.
For evening occasions, ■ whether for
dancing or for full dress receptions, the
train Is worn and the consequences en
dured. The long frail skirt' with Its frou
frou of silk flounclnga. Its cascades of
chiffon Turnings, its billows of lace and
its KwLsh-swlsh of dellcato net, its lace
and diaphanous creation— all lies upon the
floor ready to be stopped upon.
It is a season of ruinous consequences
and many a woman comes home with
train in tatters, while to his home goes
a man disgraced. The matter of the deli
cate long train was seriously discussed lu
a Fifth avenue mansion not long ago,
with the result that all decided that It
was necessary, though a thousand pities.
On an occasion, immediately following,
tho house was crushed with- guests, and
lying In their court stateltness upon the
lloor, occupying more space than - the
guests, were the winding trains, serpen
tining their lengttu* between the very foot
of thoso who came and went.
The great sash and the small sa^h are
both here. 'The.' former is made out of
•wide ribbon, liberty, or two faced, satin,
and' la - brought around the waist and -
knotted : on • the I side. If it Is an empire
sash, and there are many such this year,
it is knotted a. little bit higher than the
waist, and '.the ends hang long and low.
The loops are rather short and stand out
quite, stiffly. ~- •. ; . » •■."'.,•
■ The short loop Is characteristic of the
new sash. It starfOs out at right angles
to - the' ends and has something 'of- the*
prim look of an old-time sashribbon. .
Miss Alice ' Roosevelt, who is generally
a very mature young lady in:her style of.
dress, wore ' a few days ago a sash tied _
In the back with loops and ends, in a veiy
girlish ! fashion.; The ends were : wide and
hung low. They were cut.'. not. slanting,
but rounded, - and were very pretty -in
their- broadness, unrelieved* by • a particle
of decoration. " . , • -.■•-_. v " " -
■.■••■■',-■'',■; The .Evening Sash. ■::.','■-"■:[ :.
A sash with embroidered ends. was worn
by. a Brooklyn beauty, who tied it in the
back with j short loops I and . let; the * ends
trail upon the skirt ot her gown to the
very floor. * \* -
The chiffon sashes are very ■ desirable,
and much can be done with them. One of
these consists of a widlh. of chiffon wUh
a little double white Tsatin niching: upon
each edge. The niching -was : carried
around the entire length of the .chiffon.
The sash was then tie^ in a very easy
fashion, or, rather, was not, tied at all,
but merely crossed and fastened with a
pretty pin. • : ,
In air the picture gowns and other
gowns a change is noted in the treatment
of the front of the watat. No more is it
brought down to a deep point, but- the
point, while decided, is inclined . to be
shallow. Occasionally there is no point
at nil, but a rounding effect.
The point Is produced not so much by
pulling down the material in front as by
shortening the. back. The waist or belt Is
pulled up a little In the middle of the
back, and the. back is -made rounding 1 and
broader. The- front Is then pressed low
and thus the point Is secured.
The French, who claimed to be the flret
ones to Introduce the pointed front, now
disclaim It to a certain effect. Said a fa
mous French dressmaker: . .
"Wo are responsible for the elongated
waist ami the straight front corset, but
that is all. ■ v • ' .
"The day when tho plump woman— the
woman with no vtalst— begran to pull down
her bouloo in front and to fasten It low
saw tho decline of the Ioiik point in Paris.
Wo observed that the world was not copy
ing Ul but exaggerating • us, and w«
stopped short..
Tho Long Point.
•The blouses. that were worn by women
of too reduhdanfavolrdupois were posi
tively grotesque. They imagined that they
rould pull down their blouses half way
to their knees in front and look slender.
Borne of the results obtained by • this
treatment were abnormally ugly and tho
beauty loving French shuddered ana
turned away their eyes."
■'.'•■ • .6
WOMAN'S
SUSCEPTIBILITY TO
RELIGIOUS DELUSIANS
OMB one questions if women are
V3. more given religious delusions
V j or "fads'* than men, and if so,
£~" why? An old definition of the word
. ' "fad" is "a bundle of straw." Not
a very dangerous thing, unless, indeed, a
spark fall upon It from something already
ablaze. If the blazing thing be a woman's
opinion, a woman's conviction, . well
foucded or unfounded, even a fad becomes
a torch that leads or misleads, scintUlates
or radiates, dazzles, scorches, smlrchis.or
warms, so long as the glowing thins may
. be made to seem something other and of
more value than straws. '
. The French language gives to our va
rious hobbles and whims, our Insipid fld
dlefaddle - ideas and fancies, the name
"fadalse." In ifacaulay's life and letters
. we flhd the great writer declaring his
sympathy' with Jeffrey in his contempt
"for the fadalse of the bluestocking litera
ture." Notwithstanding these notes oC
contempt from over the sea our own dic
tionary exalts the word to a place of some
dignity when it admits that a fad may be
more than "a trivial 'matter pursued with
irrational zeal." and calls it "an im
portant matter Imperfectly understood,
often urged with more zeal than sense.'' ;
Now since the imperfect understanding !
and the zealous," senseless pusuit do not
belong to the fad at all, but' to the per
son espousing 'it, we have sifted out of
the various definitions the fact that a fad,
however - or misunderstood,
however unwjsely defended, may be "an*
important thing.'*. : If, then, our ques
tioner bad asked, '"Are women less keen
in discriminating .between the important
aid -the unimportant than are men?"
it might be difficult to say. But our ques
tion is, "Are'women more given, to reli
gious delusions than men?" and to- this
query no- caref ur observer. oif the various
religious movements that have claimed
recent -attention m our own and' other
countries can hesitate to answer "Yes."
We have only, to let the mind follow
along the procession of believers in every
'great 'ism* and *ology and 'osophy under
.the sun, from those who gave heed to the
utterances -»hat crept from under the
pokebonnet of the early Shaker Ann to
those 'who hung on the wards of wisdom
issuing from the yellow turbaned monks
of the Orient,_ to . know that the long
ranks are largely feminine not in num
bers only but In loyalty and in zeal. Sail
enough this fact if the fads they espouse
MOST WONDERFUL FEATS OF DARING
THK recent' remarkable feat of Mrs.
Anna K. Taylor In going over, the
Ilorn-Khoe Falls of Niagara In u
barrel recalls other thrilling «*x-
I>er!ences ana performances at Ni
agara. The Indian legend connected with
Ntngara asserts that the .Indians who
dwelt in that vicinity worshiped Jhe
Gnat Spirit of the Falls, their worship
culminating nnnually In' the sacrifice. of
the fairest maiden gX the tribe to the'
Great Spirit of NIagafa, laden with fruit
and flower* Since then many lives have
been sacrificed, voluntarily or Involun
tarily, in the mighty current, and many
deed* of daring attempted and performed
there for the sake of notoriety or monay.
The following Instances of this kind are
taken from "The Niagara Book," by W.
D. Howtlu*. Mark Twain, Professor Na
thaniel S. Shaler and others, • collected
in a chapter entitled "Dramatic Inci
dents," written by Orrln K. Dunlop:
During the final twenty years of the
last century, say Mr. Dunlop, the ef
forts to attain notoriety through somj
Niagara feat were perhaps more fre
quent that ever betore. but as far back
as 1327 Niagara wax recognized as an
lilt ul place where gr«-ut crowds might be
HKsembit'd by thrilling incidents. About
i ho lirKt feature of this character was thu
bending of the pirate Michigan over lha
(alia en the afternoon of September S,
I'sSr. Thl:* vtfsel \vus at the time ono of
tit.* largest >>t h«r elawh but had been
rendemnet] by her owners as unfit to
longer *uil the lukett. Dressed us a pirate
mi.- wuh luuded v.lth wild and tame inl*
mab, ui.d with a crew in cfllgy was
towed to the fuut of Navy Island and
t*nl adrift. Khe was caught by tho cur
rent »uid hurled through the upper rupids
and liver' the ilor^eMhoo J'"ull*. It wu:i
never rtionU-d that uny of the anltnah
were recaptured to be sent !■» tho muse
ums III Nev/ XQXt, Aluiiii't al ami I.'iii-
THE 8UNDAT CAIili.
prove, only useless bundles of straw. One
straw shows the way of ■ the wind; a
bundle may show the drift of united cur
rents of sympathy, sentiment or convic
tion. If these are valueless, then it is
only a question of time when the fire
caught, remember, from the woman and
not from the fad— becomes a consuming
fire. Aucn the whole thing goes up In
smoke, tainting the pure air for a little,
but swept away soon ■ or late by that
wind whose silent coming and going wo
do not always hear, but that "bloweth
where it llsteth," and always to make tho
foul air pure. ■ . >
It would be foolish to deny that ex
treme phases of religious teaching have
always found many . devoted followers
among women. In every abnormal move
ment they not only outnumber men but
outrank them In advocacy nnd outdo
them in. sacrifice for whatever cause has
won their allegiance. But. admitting tho
fact of woman's greater devotion is not
necessarily an admission of her greater
weakness and credulity. The very quali
ties which make women victims and .de
fenders alike of new and unpopular Ideas
make them afso faithful wives .to un
lucky men, devoted mothers to ailing chll
' dren and loyal supporters of .unfortunate
friends. A' good woman's hunger to give
her best to the best she knows keeps her.
■ ever on the alert for something better
than' she* has yet discovered. Her dls
3 content with much ot her religious teach
ing Is not always unworthy; indeed, it Is
sometimes a divine discontent./ If she
falls to- enjoy .the .mild .'essays too fre
quently offered in the guise of instruction
an J admonition, she may not. op?nry re
bel at her portion of spiritual food; she
may even .blame herself for her lack of
assimilation, yet she knows perfectly well
she is or f»-not strengthened by the diet
prepared for her soul. But however con
scious she may be of < her. unsatisfied hun
ger, ■* the good woman Is rarely iconoclas
tic: she is usually glad if the religious
Instruction proves the bread of life to
other souls. For herself, if. she li« honest
hearted and truly hungers and thirsts af
ter righteousness, the Is surely going to
take a nibble and -a sip at whatever
seems to promise fullness for 'the empti
ness of her aching heart and brain. , Ks
peclally Is she going to taite for herself
the bread and* the cup which some ocher
woman tells her the has. found sufficient
for her own need. Among women there
don, as was the intention. Coaches left
liutTulo on the afternoon of the *th ol
September to accommodate the crowds,
and all the Niagara hotels were full of
guests. . ."
Among the crowd drawn to the falls by
this Incident was Sam Patch, a man who
had won fame at Pawtucket Falls and
other Eastern points as a high Jumper.
He erected a platform at the water's
edge of the debris slope. Just north of
the Diddle Stairs, and from this platform
leaped into the river, the height of th«
jump being about ninety feet. Patch was
considered a wonder, but shortly after
his Niagara experience he Ipst his Hfo
in a leap from the (Jenen^ Falls in
Rochester.
One of the moat during feats ever per
formed at Niagara Kali* was that of Joel
Robinson and his two associates, Macln
tyre and Jones, on June 6. 1H61. when they
voyaged through the whirlpool rapids In
the- steamer Maid of the Mist. The boat
was libeled and mortgaged to such an ex
tent that the waters of the Niagara wet.
too warm for her and Itoblimon agreed to
deliver her at a Canadian luktt port. On
the afternoon of the day mentioned, to
the surprise of all who suw tho boat, In
stead of heading over her usual course up
the river, her bow was -directed right in
to the rap!. with the waves of which
bho was noon battling. It was thu llrat
trip of th« kind ever made, but under
a full head of steam »li« muda tin- trip
in *»1<-I>, tho stack nwlng swept away la
Hi.- Hi-ethlnc waters. Ilublnson was born
In Hprlngllelil, Mans. He «li.-.l In 1863.
II any man deserves th« title of "Hero
of the Whirlpool Huplda" It Is Carlisle'
D. Grahuni, a Philadelphia cooper, who,
despite Webb's death, traveled to Niagara,
determined to show tin- world that ho hud
confidence that he cguld go through th-?
raplda and live as well as being willing
tu risk iii» iii«- In a barrel of his own
nrc many students with fair endowment
of logic, with w'ell trained thinking pow
ers—women who study, investigate, rea
son, accept, reject, and both froi# solid
grounds; but by far the larger numbers
nre satisfied with the logic of experience,
and they arc possibly too ready to begin
with faith in somebody! else's experience
.while ' groping ' toward their own. Not
every woman will admit that she hns
eaten and has not been 'filled; we know
It when she does not think It worth
while to gather up the fragments. Not
every woman will admit that something
may be wrong ■ with her own spiritual
power of assimilation, but every woman
will listen when another! tells her of a
new light that' has scattered ber.slwd
ows. a new strength that has answered
her longings— oven though this means a
new system of theology, a new theory of
salvation or a new conception of God.
This natural dual desire in woman, first.
to give herself, her love, her allegiance,:
her ' service, . and, second, to find some
thing great enough and good enough to
claim all she . has to bestow,' accounts,
not for all. but for much of her reckless
following after new teachers of .what
seem to her new truths. She accepts on
faith the experience, mental and bodily,
of others. For her there Is no argument
like 'Whereas I was blind, now*^ see."
To this faith, unnrfndfin that it Is on the
wrong basis, according to Scripture, she
adds virtue: that Is, 8he practices obe^
diently what she has been . taught, lets
her soul be. lighted by the torch of asso
ciation, Is drawn by the cord of. common
sympathy. She strives to add to her .vir
tue knowledge, but sees no reason to wait
for it before adopting new ideas or shap
ing her life by new Ideals. That both.
Ideas and Ideals often have no founda
tion of facts Is not detected In the en
thusiasm that sweeps the soul Into a new
world. .. And so it is that from the ranks
of; God's noblest women/ not all, but
many converts, to the new movements are
wen. . To enthusiasm absurdities have a
fascination and the more impossible
thlnsalook to. the calm eye of reason the'
more enticing are they to tho glowlnjr eye
of a. fanaticism that mistakes itself for
the uplifted eye of faith*. To such en
thusiasm scientific method is an distaste
ful aa it is. incomprehensible. It gathers
a few data that, bulwarked by a hundred
oth-am, would -have a genuine^ value, ft
observes 'a few phenomena that, supported-
construction. Graham made hi* first
trip oil the, afternoon of Sunday. July 11.'
1$£S, going. way to Lewis ton. the trip «•'
cupyjfij; about -thirty-five minutes. Gra
ham rode in a barrel weighted at the bot
tom. 1'lM height of the barrel was bucIi
that he could eland nearly upright In it.
and the lop w«h of a larger diameter.
than the bottom. On Thursday, August
10, 1SSG, Grahum mad'. 1 a second trip, go
ing ail far as the whirlpool. In this trip
lii.-i head protruded through 1 1 1 < - top of
the barrel throughout the •¦••.«. 1 1 •• trip. Ho
made a third trip June l. r >, 1SS7. and on
August 26, 1VS9, he made a fourth trip,
using a barrel of much Hmullrr sl/.i- ami
going way through to I-ewlston. Graham
Will bo remembered (m never having dis
appointed a gathering. 1 1 Ik nerve never
fulled him. •>
Copying somewhat the Idea that Gra
ham nad developed ho successfully George
Haslet c and William Potts of ituRuio
made a trip through the rapids In u bur
rel said to be of tholr own conittructlon
on Sunday. August 8. 1880. Tho barrel
they lined more closely re»«mbled tho fa
miliar type of barrel, having no unu«ual
i -.linn -, of form.
Two weeku after Hiixletl and l'ottH had
made a trip there appeared at Niagara
it Boston policeman named W. J. Kendall.
The date wax August 22, 1886. lliiiui
nounccd, Kendall went through the rupldn
to th<- whirlpool protected by only n cork
life preserver. All previous trips hud been
announced but Kendall clipped through
with only a few HpoctutorH. accidentally
on tho cliff* or bridge*, to bear wiluu.-tii.
For thin reason Home have felt that tli>)
trip was never made, but men of Integ
rity are known who witnessed the per
formance.
In tin- same barrel that wan used by
ILtHleii mid l'otta Miss Budle Allen and
George Haxlett made a trip through tho
rapid* on November 28. 1S81 Miss Allen
wan the only woman who had ever made
the Journey through the Niagara gorge.
Nojct. on August 23, 1887, Charles Alex
under Percy of Nlugara KuIIm made a huc
ceaaful trip through the rapids to tint
whirlpool in :t bout of his own construe-
by a hundred more, might prove the ope*
ration of somo undiscovered spiritual law.
Of themselves, data and phenomena are
proofs of nothlngk are merery hints and
suggestions of possible truths— straws
Indicate the way of tho wind. • Yet on
such foundations as this whole system ar»
reared that claim not only to regenerate
and revivify mankind, but to reveal and
interpret tho innermost thoughts of God.
But while deprecating this method, or
lack of method, let us not be supposed
to think that It pertains to women
alone. There are temperamental charac
teristics common to both men and ,
women. "We only claim that the ranks
of new religionists of every sort «. are
largely filled by those who are asking In
all seriousness for the fish and the bread,
but whoso eagerness makes them swal
low things as sinuous and deceitful an ser
pents and as barren of nutriment as ;
¦ stones. ¦ .. ' :';•!/ ¦, ¦ ¦^..'¦V ' ¦.'?•+£¦;' :~^J~><J''' ¦)'.¦'<
Speaking of this question, some one ,
i lalms for women a more profoundly re
ligious nature tnan belongs to the other*
¦sex. '. "¦:¦]'.?'¦-. .'.--} : .\ : v'i iV 7 ¦¦.'¦¦ ' v '' : '-:''':-:-.'.v:-. -¦¦...'.•'•¦'•'¦. '¦:¦'•.¦>¦!
We fall to find evidence of this, but on
the other, hand abundunt proof that the
religious instinct or Impulse In men, once ¦;
having found Its rent and center In God,
stays by him and accepts what it gets In
the way of nurture through the estab
lished channels of his church. A good
old Christian, perplexed by the Higher
Criticism, said. "I'll keep my old Bible
Just as It Is: It is' good enough for me."
And Christian men generally find the re
ligious' ministrations to which they are
accustomed good enough for them. They
have settled the religious business OtMM
for all. They know they can rely upon
the divine" 1 fulfillment of the promise* of '
God. ( They go on, -"perhaps without
ecstasy, but at .leant with Christian prin
ciple. Their lives are full of vital trans
actions and achievements. They have lit
tle time and no use for fads of any sort,
and for rellglou* fads no time or use at
all. Just as religion U served out through
established channels It Is "good enough"
for them. No vague longing, no hunger,
of hcr.rt, no watching like souls awake
In the early twilight for the coming of .1 ¦
fuller day. " ¦ .
' Is- It ,b«"st that wny? Who :know.«.'
Ttoere"s^"soniethl;iK lost . and 8i»mothln:r
garnetl. We do not Judge. We only kn<>\/
that because r/omen cannot always tlit.l
th* "old thins*"' pood cnoug!i for the:.!
*thcy plunge quite too often Into nomo
thlr.s Infinitely worse. . .. /
Hon. Thi.i led Kobert William Flack of
Syracuse to travel to Nlugara to ('.union
.strati- the merit.* of a boat he had built.
Percy and Flnrk nlgutd articles of 'agree
ment for a raco through trie rapids, but
Muck was ilisi to show ir his craft wa.-i
renworthy.; On the iift«>rnoon of July •».
1W, .Flack miiilt.' thlH i rip nnd hi* went
down to doath. -Klnck'M bout was ii
clinker pattern. .In the trip through tlm
rapids it capsized three iim^n. but Flack
remained In the hoat because he .yitii.JiHil
thereby a harness rlxKliiK about hi*
body. It was a frkhtrul Hpectnclc. this
trip of Flack's, and wuh witnessed by
thousands of people. The, lunt time thu
boat capfllzcd wu* on the final big wavu
at tho entrance to the whirlpool. Hl|-h In
the air the boat tosMed. It mood on end
for an Instant and then it toppled over oil
poor Kluck. From the point where tlm
boat captdzed It floated about the pool up.
Hide down for an hour or more until cap
tured on the Canadian Hide. Kluck wan
found hanging dead by the it traps he had
placed there to aid him to Have IiIh life
On July 9, lflOO. Peter Nlsnen. alno known
an "liowser." appeared at the falls and
announced his Intention of going throutch
tho rapid*. NIh.hi-ii wuh u bookkeeper and
the boat In which he made tho trip wuh
built after his own Ideas. In length thn
boat wan 20 feet. It had a beam of ti feet
and a depth of 4 feet. It wuh decked all
over, with thu exception of a Htnall cock
pit In the center. M'hero wuih two air
compartment* In thn front and In the rear
and ono on each sldu of the cockpit. To
the keel of the boat pro|>e.r Iiwiir an lr«*i
keel weighing 12*0 pounds. It wan after
4 o'clock when NU»en and IiIh boat cam«
out of an eddy In tow of a rowboat. After
being Het adrift be got caught In an eddy
JuHt above tho rapid* and hud to bo
started ugulii, It wuh approaching r.
o'clock before he wuh In the rapids. 1 1 In
craft rode the wuves iiiitKnitlcentlv. It
wuh a RlorlouM Might, (|Ultn In contract
with the Hpectacle jirrmiiliil by Flack mill
his light craft. Never once did Nln*fn'rt
boat capalse, for all It wuh w;ive-wu>tli>il
frequently. After reaching III* wblrlp ml
Nlmn-n And his bout Hunted about until
captured, when NUneii Undid. N'iaso*
wiu from Chicago.THE BEST KNOWN
CLUB WOMEN
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
-y» w RS. LOVELL WHITE nays that
f\/\ it Is fresh air makes her the
l->y 1 club woman that she Is.
I It Is attributing a good deal to
Fan FrancUc o air, * but she Is
logical about tho raattei. Bhe la the moth
er of that precocious offspring the Cali
fornia Club, and sho says that she couM
never attend to all tie duties contingent
upon that motherhood If she did not havw
magnificent health, a:id she could never
have achieved that munificent hea'th
without the dally diet. of fresh air which
rhe has always lived on.
Tho club Is a strapping youngster of
only three years, and goodness knows
how many sections ana memberif-It is
wide awake and full of youthful enthu
siasm, and It keeps fcor busy day' and
night, for ghu eays she sometimes comes
home with her mind bo full of its hurry
ing activities that sho cannot drop it
from her consciousness even in sleep.
Nobody, need wonder at this. Just a
glance ut half the work that this unique
dub docs is enough to make you wonder
how one woman can bo the moving spirit
of so much. It was the California Club
that organised the children's playground
for toys who had no other playground
than the street. It was the California
Club that had the law passed which
causes children to oe tried apart from
older criminals. The California Club gave
the exhibition of Industrial arts. It his
started traveling llbrurks. It Is Just now
busying itself with keeping a woman on
the School Board, projecting a civil ser
vice-reform and putt'.ng through the Cal
avcras" tree matter. .
The watchword of the club Is "Doing. •
Mrs. White's watchword- is "Doing."
Her personality and that of her club are
one. ■ It' is /hers In very truth, for she
founded It and has be»n its president evpr
since. It is not often that one sees a
work which so completely expresses the
'individual behind It. Officials of other or
ganizations often comp.aln that they can
not see their Ideas curried out owing to
other people's Ideas, others' .conflicting*
minds; but Mrs. White has the kind of
mind that rules by concentration. Her
club reflects her. ■ He: cub Is Mrs. White*
Taken as one,. the work and the woman,
they are unique. They stand for activity
rather than theory. Mrs. White says
that talking is the cheapest thing in th-t
world. She -hasn't time for It. She is ro
busy doing. ' ' *
The aim of the club is civic, and there
in lies her work. She works for reforms
and social improvements. She, does not
despise the self-culture that Is the so'c
EfTQUetTS
Continued from Page Two.
wear it. Therefore do not ; sny, "Grent
Scott* what a hnt!"bul find 'something to
admire first, by way of preface to adversu
cVitlcbm. which tthould bo spoken In n
manner to arouse no antugonlHin. l£or
home criticism has Its place and value,
nnd should not be resented If It bo given
courteously and not when under irrita
tion. Do WO. not all know eccentric, un
lovable people who have lived much
liloiif, with no ono ho nearly related to
them an to venlimt to find fault with
them? The toohef that wo recognize tho
utility of family criticism, tho Booncr we
rhiill (iHlKmw It. .
Socloty requires thut whatever their
|irlvut<< relations, husband and wlfo face
the world as a unit appearing harmonious
nnd with Interest* identlcul.
Husband and Wife.
Nothing so cheapens a married womnn
nitd her hU'jband In thu eyes of tho world
iih bur too evident effort to attract tho
.liiti»re*t and admiration of other men.
Flirtation among married- people .Is
growing more and more common, and so
art) divorced 1 J " 4 1 form can go no further.
It htiH teen said by a wIho Frenchman
that "happy people need fow pleuBures,"
ii ml when the world h«cb u woman to
whom Hocliil success U the aim and ob
ject of life It guesses prutty shrewdly
that all 1h not right at home, and no
woman wishes to mukn u present of huuIi
u secret to a captious and critical world.
Women am the cuutodliuiH of thu nioral-
H y of ii nation and cannot hold them
itpfvCH tQflj hltli.
Time wan, not ho wry lout; ago, when,
In America, the bridal veil wan no loss a
symbol of withdrawn! from society than
tin- unu avHiintcd lit thu cloister. Dane-*
inKi Illrtiitlon, atii ntloii from other men
wi'Ki till eifehewed iih a matter of count*,
bud tiic jiainj; woman guvo herself all In
THE" SUNDAY CALL.
"The Host Famous Club Women on the Pacific Coast!" Do you
know who they are? Or, in knowing who they are, have you ever
studied their, personalities .to" know why they should be considered
the "most famous"? This sketch of Mrs. Lovell White is the fifth
in an interesting series on just those lines. ""
aim of many clubs, but she sflys that self
culture can be achieved by doing— by ac
tlvlty.."" £'. '"-■. i '.-■^■-':
"The proudest achievement of .my life
has been the founding of the California
Club," she iays, "and the way that nnn
have helped us upon our many difficult
tasks makes me believe that they are a
very good -sort I don't belicvei as som<f
suSragists do, that 'tyrant man' is grind
ing us under his heel. .1 don't believe in
too much talking on the subject anyway,
nil to the man of . her heart nnd choice.
Sho was not necessarily sacrificed; there
was bliss in the nelf-«ur render, and di
vorces worn then almost unknown.
The simple and comprehensive - phrase
used in the old Russian marriage cere
mony, "Here, wolf, take thy lamb," may
be suggested to Rome minds in recalling
such old-fashioned customs and Ulons,
but such wives nre tho kind still dreamed
of by lovers of all times and countries,
im<l they become such mothers as Cole
/idge speaks of us "the holiest thin;;
ttllvo."
Never should married peoMo discuss tho
peculiarities of one another in tho pres
ence of a third party. PrnrtJnnlltles that
are made to do duty as family jokes are
never funny to tho utranger.
For a wife to complain of her husband
to any outsider, or n husband to confide
anything' derogatory of his wife to an
other, seems too heinous a fault to have
its possibility believed, but sue!) things
have been. A wife who In the confes
sional had been complaining to the priest
of her husband hud a sovcro penance ap
pointed her. "Vou have confessed your
hutiband'H pins, nnd must therefore do his
penance," was tho priest's explanation. ,
All public display of affection Is in
equally bad taste, and Is regarded, wltli
suspicion. Their behavior toward each
other suts an example that will probably
Influence the households of which tho
children will eventually bo tho heads.
If the father Is uniformly held lip by
t ho mother to the children's adAiiratioti
and reapecti if hIio regards his home-com
ing as a pleasant event, is lovingly soli
cltoua of his approval, they will idealize
him. If tho father is tender and clilvul.
rous toward tho mother, showing defer*
en co to lifi' wlnlit's and opinions, the chll«
drtu will allow her llku consideration.
They nhould never know of any difference
of VloWfl or opinion* between their pa»
rents. Ah one, their united Judgment
should ui'pcnr Infulllblo.
for good works are accomplished by do
ing." ■ ■ - „-■ - ■ .;■ ■ r . • ■ ■-■• ' : •■
Mrs. White is the. kind of woman on
whom you can spring an unexpected and
difficult question and set an answer with
out giving her time to think. She doesn't
say, "That Is a ; very bi bad; subject', ana
I must think it- over," ' as most of us - do
who are In the habit of thinking, the
morning after, what our - repartee should
have | been. She answers In at way thai
gives one the impression that she has all
If it is a point of good manners that we
should appear to like every one with
whom we come In contact In the . world
of Eoclety, and give open expression to
all , the -Interest that we feel, is it hot
equally a matter of home etiquette not to
repress the fondness that would gladden
others by Its manifestation? Taking love
on trust, because it has been expressed
long ago and never officially retracted, Is
like trying to warm one's self with tho
memosy of last' year's sunshine. Words
without deeds, however, are of course an
impertinence possible only to shallow na
tures.
Those observant of home courtesy^would
never taunt with a past mistake, never
talk at one another, either alone or in
company, never see what another would
hide, nor make a remark at another's ex
pense.- They must not both be angry at
the same tlmo. '
When a man is under Irritation a woman
may expect to hear vehemence of lan
guogo out of all proportion to "the annoy
ance. She must discount the exaggera
tion, be deaf to the "unsanctltled syllables
of his vocabulary" and follow the wisdom
of Solomon in giving tho soft iui»wtr. Re
taliation .will turn the. discussion into a
vulgar quarrel, than which no worse
"form" Is possible. Given a little time
and a little silence the hueband will usual
ly show in actions— rarely In words— that
ho has been mistaken or regrets his hasti
ness. ■ ■• ■ •.,-.• ," ;v-v,. ; '■'■' ■**
..Sydney Smith -said that the reason 'that
there were so many unbapp>^|(narrlages
was because "tho girls^wera nought^ to
make nets and not cages .for' their- Jiua
bands." '
Mothers-in-Law.
When tho household numbers among Its
inmates somo om* who is not of (he im
mediate, family the ilitHctilties multiply.
The proverb says that "there Is no houso
largo enouKh tor two families," but al
though It le^uliOH a delicatu adjiutVnent
v( tcmi'Mii and dispositions, tho impossible
ner opinions neatly x>lt>c<m-ho\ei3 away. In
her mind, all ticketed ami .ready Cor he;
' to lay her hiMid on at' a moment's notice
It Is a tsmi^tatlon ,to experiment on her
with the sort of questions tbat used to
%e propounded in Interrogation ; books
fthen our; '., mothers were young. One
•ants to see If she can be found unpre
pared*, but the never Is, ,
■ "Who i» ; your, Weal woman?" she was
eon/ rented < with: '•■„ ; ' 1 . "
; ;, "One* 1 7*ajd/that.; Susan BT- Anthony
«ra«," sh« replied, "but I wild it only be
cauee she comes nearer , to thfe standard
than any other woman. In the- broader
phaee of her. life.- "She, might have been
complete If she had ever married, but as
U is, she lacks the all-round development
Which; goes to mike the ; Ideal woman.
She Is probably the bravest and 'the most
Independent woman > I know of, for her
work has been done without any assist
ance—more than that, she has fought
her battle alone against great opposition.
She Is honestly single-minded, having one
great purpose Jn mind which,. ■ by the
way, is one' secret- of success—-specializa
tion. But It takes wifehood and mother
hood ;to make - the perfect woman."
This, led to another question at which
she didn't pause for a second. ., ,,
- "It any marriage better than no mar
riage?" -^ N - - ■ ''- \ : y '■
."No, a thousand times no. There Is no
greater a«T.bny in life : than that, caused
by an unhappy /marriage. Marriage is a
good ' thing when it is good, but other
wise—I should say, choose* single blessed
ness without - hesitation. I honor the.
woman who chooses a . life of hard work
rather j than marry merely for support."
Mrs. White has no small amount of the
all-roundness which she Idealizes. She
keeps up a . home at the ' same time that
the busies herself as head officer of a big
organization. . . In ' personality she has
strength,' mingled with sweetness, not
only in speech and, manner, but in face,
tc\ for she is tall and queenly, at the
scone time that there is a softness in her
gray eyes, a softness that prevents ■ your
being afraid of her, even though you had
ai inclination to be so just at first. ■
-She has a magnetism that comes from
good vitality. She guards her health' sa
credly^ for?on it . depends her ability for.
work. She has no hygienic fads, but fol
lows the 7 simplest: and most old-fashioned
rules, such L as" "early; to ' bed, early j to
rise," a plain diet and long walks.
If. she has ';a hobby, ' it Is "fresh" air.
Which Is a pretty good 'steed to ride, and
one that is bound for a successful goal.
been accomplished and may be again.
Only love can work miracles,., but : "if
courtesy is not Christianity it is a capital
Imitation of it." Like an armor of proof,
it deflects many a criticism that would
otherwise wound, or at leasf blunts its
sharpness. • -
If the husband's mother be of the house
hold, let the wife treat her as. she would
wish to be treated "when* the sturdy tod
dler at her side makes -her. a mother-in
law, encouraging her husband in paying
courteous and fond attention to his
mother and showing her herself every re
spect and deference, especially before the
friends of the family, the children and ser
vants, whose conduct will, be patterned
after hers. "*
Let the mother-in-law remember .that no ,
household Is well or happily governed
where t hero are two mistresses, and ad
here to the principle of non-interference.
Tho art of living with others requires tha
cultivation of a judicious blindness and. •
the urt of living happily entails self-sacrU *
lice. * ■■•"••
If it is the wife's mother that comes tnt«
the homo, other dangers threaten. How.
ever much a daughter may be. guided bj*
her mother's advice, let her assume the
entire responsibility of 'all that trans*
plres in the house. Common sense die*
tatea that the husband be not allowed to,
feel that his mother-in-law is the unseen
power that is ruling his household. .
The longer what the children call "com-*''
puny muiiners" can bo kept up between
them the longer will there be burrlers to
unpleasant relations.
Homo happiness keeps the girls from
hi'tdU'ss marriages and the' boys from
mnny dangers, and us a" "preservative of
luunjony, mutual courtesy and consideru
tinii are Invaluable.
The atmosphere which the parents
on- it to In the home by exumple become*
the rule fur the children and to be content
with any thing* lower In latitude than pura
disc is to live below one's privileges. ,
78
THE SUNDAY CAMi.Sunday Call Magazine Section
HUNTINQTON' FALLS.
M Go ahead and draw on. me."
These were the words written by Collls P. Huntingdon, the
words which started the building cf the $25,000 Hunting-ton Water
lalL .,-».-..•;•
It took six months to complete. The water is pumped from the ;
wells in the valley up to the top of Strawberry Hill , and it de
scends one hundred and twelve feet to Stow Lake below. It can be
seen in all its strength and beauty on Saturdays and Sundays, the
Sunday flow being one million one hundred and* twenty-five thou
sand gallons. . '.'",': ?*'-';&- :' - " ■
Stow Lake is capable of holding twenty-five million gallons,
and the water for irrigating purposes is drawn from there.
Up and down the falls have been planted trees of a special
quality, such as the linden, elm snd maple, which make its sur
roundings distinct from any other part of the park. These trees
grow with more vigor under the influence of the spray.
Bare ferns were brought frcm the Hawaiian Islands to beau
tify the rocks and boulders down which the water rushes, thus
making the falls the most realistic and natural of all artificial falls
in the world. .'[.-'-y : ■>.'::} \ :' '* ..- ■'- ;^UKI)AY; ? CALL.WRINKLES REMOVED AND DIMPLES TO ORDER
•^■vEOPL.13 who have no physical de
i 1 formlties cannot -realise how dis-
Y^ irrssing even the slightest of them
I* !s to the owner. I have known
sensitive girls whose pleasure in
society tins spoiled by a morbid sensitive
ness about outstanding ears or disfigur
ing facial lines. ; .
These things : lie '' within the power of
• furgcry to remedy.
The mask treatment Is sufficient in
many cases. Where l£ Is not. surger>'
must be substituted. ' . * 7
SCo woman need resign herself to the
t&ct that she must always have freckles,
sagging cheeks or hanging 'eyelid*. Those
defects can be removed very easily.
The surgical treatment for tightening
up loose and flabby cheeks Is partly
«bown here by photographs of the actual
operations.
You will notice In one picture that the
subject is being treated for sagging
cheeks. On the ride of the face. Just In
front of the ear. a. very small section of
the skin Is removed, after which the
tagged cheek is, gently raised and
smoothed, so that there Is not a line to be
seen nor a sign of sagging. Then a few
etltches are taken. The patient feels no
pain. Great care Is taken to avoid a scar.
Previous to the operation I make the
patient laugh, while I closely watch the
effect on the eyes and mouth, and so gain
Knowledge of the Eize and location of skin
to be rvmovcA. Then with instruments
•specially constructed for that purpose I
test the degree of relaxation of the skin
and the highest degree of tension which
the stitches will bear. In order to get a
perfect union of the edges of the skin.
After removal of the requisite amount,
the stitches, which are adapted especially
to this kind of work, must be drawn not
loo tight nor too loose, but Just sufficient
ly close to simply Join the edges of tho
skin. ■;■-.;-;; y: - :'■■-;;'
In these slight operations the usual rules
of antiseptic surgery are as rigidly ob
served as if I were goinr to do deep ab
dominal operations, instead of cuts only
through the skin. This is not because of
any danger of blood potyon, for I have yet
to learn of a single case of blood poison
resulting from my skin operations; but In
order to avoid leaving a visible scar. At
the neat of operation It Is necessary to
get healing by what Is technically known
as union by first intention, which means
without any formation of pus, to avoid
which the work must be done under the
strictest antiseptic. conditions. Indeed, It
takes longer to prepare . the skin to be
treated, and to sterilize the instruments,
my own hands arid those of my assistants,
than it does to perform the actual opera
tion. It takes only fifteen or twenty min
utes for each section of skin to be re
moved. -
I always laugh when some one asks me
the .frequent question: "Do you use
chloroform?" It 'Is an absurd question. I
suppose, though. th« word . "operation"
sounds rather terrific to the uninitiated.
The truth is, my patients always sit
calmly in the chair and watch the pro
ceedings by means of a hand mirror.
They never. feel the slightest pain from
the beginning of the operation until the
stitches are In and the dressing on.
Sometimes a patient's doubt of the pos
sibility of painless removal of a section
of skin at first causes a little nervousness.
But when the skin Is removed and the
patient informed of the fact her look of
doubt, changes to one of astonishment
This painlcssness we owe to the late dis
coveries in the field of local anesthetics.
'the patient's fears being allayed, she
if an Interested spectator until the work
is completed, j ' .,' '• \.\- [-' ;, ','•:■''
Another picture shows how your scowl
may be removed. With some people this
is accomplished by dismissing a bad tem
per, but sometimes this bad temper or
worry bas dug lines too' deep for dls-
THE SUND A Y C A LL.
Have you wrinkles? V V
y Have you frecklesP V
• : Do you lik* to have themP
For there is no reason why
you should if you don't like to.
: Science says . bo. • ' •
V Science in the form of sur
gery has discovered a method
of doing away with thesa dc- :
fects.
v It shaves away freckles. It,
stitches the skin tight and
smooth. It chisels out dainty
dimples. "-,'.*• " *■ ", . -.:■.;■
it promises not to
hurt. Esad what Dr. Fowler
has to say about the matter.
missal. A sensitiveness In the eyes, caus
ing them to squint In a Btrong light; -rnay
accomplish ; the same dire result. y ;
: No, not dire. For surgery comes to the
rescue.' v;.' ; . .-.■■- ■ ' i' [■'■'■. ■ *
V>y cutting; a small piece of skin from
t he forehead, a diamond-shaped piece be
tween the lines of the scowl, a cure Is ue
compllshod. :The I edges of the skin nro
then drawn together In the same way us
In the nbovc described operation and the
tightening profess smooths out ttie lines.
The incision is sewed and allowed to heal
In the samo manner.
Dimples are within the reach of every
one. It has been supposed that they could
be ordered at will for stage purposes only,
for Ir is only from the distance of the
stage that penciled dimples are safe from
detection, But surgery now cuts a dimple
for you wherever you may wish It by
DO CLAMS WALK?
\ f -~ -a VEUT boy who spends his summers
p 13 In the country knows something
J' — ? about fresh-water clams.: He has.
found them abundant In every
stream and pondln his vicinity, and he
has seen collections of the shells: on the
banks, or near by, where muskrats have
gathered for a social feast at midnight.
As he grows older he will ponder deeply
upon the .unselfishness' which could
prompt and the self-control which could
enable the unpretentious muskrat to make
provision for the banquet and to share It
with ills .friends.' .He has probably no
ticed, too, that where a clam has perished
in the water the two shells commonly're
main* together, like the empty covers" of
an old book, while at the remains/of a
muskrat's supper theyare, always V cut
apart, unless the muBkrats were fright
ened away before the meal was complet
ed. These muakrat epicures learned long
ago how to open a clam by cutting; the
llgaturo along the back ] and ' the muscle
that holds the shell tightly together when'
the clam shuts itself up; v '
. Every such boy has seen, a long
line, or little furrow, in the sand, under
water, sometimes 'nearly straight, ; some-
times in graceful curves, and has often ;
found, at one end, the clam that made It. ,
upright on the edge, half-buried In the
sand, but perfectly, still and tightly closed.
It was walking in the sand until the boy ;
came splashing along; then "It shut up and j
craftily looked like" a' clam.' If It is left
alone and everything Is quiet" for a long
time it will begin to move, and the way it J
moves Is one way .'of walking. •"; '/ ..
The two shells of a" mussel or fresh wa» -
tor clam, . are alike— that is. the. creature »
Is •"symmetrical," at least externally. . A :
narrow line of tough, fleshy substance,
called, the ligature, holds the shells to
gether along the back, much as the fath
er binding of a book holds together the
two covers. The clam can open and close
his shell as he pleases, and when all- is
quiet around him he changes from hla un- »
means of the most delicate, flne*polnted
Instrument. .-.'•*.
As to the choice of mask or surgical
treatment: •;
If the skin is discolored or
wrinkled, the mask" treatment is the bet
ter. The condition of t«ie skin is the only
guide to a choice of the method to be
employed In the individual case. Tlic
mask treatment is invaluable for correct
ing laxity or wrinkles alone. But where
there Is great sagging the mask will be
disappointing. : The sagging must be cor
rected by the surgical process. ? T
Surgery often removes physical defects
In children.; I had a very interesting lit
tle boy patient about a week ago. Ho
had large outstanding ears and a small
growth on ' his nose. He was a very
bright little chap, as well as a brave, and
he. watched the entire operation withoui
a whimper, falling asleep before I had
finished. " -v^r:': ; ; ; :.-■"'■■;'.' f;:p-.0 :'. -;:..,
I "frequently remote growths from
social, clamllke attitude toward the world
and begins .to "relax and expand a llttl*.
First, after opening his shell, he puts out
two frlngellke pieces, behind and begins
to take good, long, full breaths again.
For each fringe he has a tube, or "ori
fice," in' it. and through the lower tube
the clam draws in; a" current of water
which he drives out through the upper
tube. So these .tubes havo> been named
the" lncurrcnt orifice and the excurrent
orlnce. They are not very hard words to
remember, when we understand the direc
tion of the movements of water that they
stand for. 'Water contains air, and the
clam breathes this air,, as fishes do and
some snails and other creatures that live
in, the water. The .water flowing In also
brings with it many tiny objects suitable
for food, which are carried along to" the
clam's stomach, and thus the clam la able
cnilflren. I never remove trecklM from
then! until they ere past their sixteenth
year; then I remove freckles from the
face and the removal is permanent. I
have treated freckles on 73 or 100 faces in
the last three months, removing them
permanently in each cose. Two of the
young ladies went down to the beach
after the treatment, und I asked them
as a favor to try bringing back the
freckles. When they returned home and
called on me there was not a sign of &
freckle or tan to be detected on either
face: yet they said they did not wear
hats half the time when loafing- on the
sand, and they were in bathing part of
the hot mornings.
It Is not advisable to usa balms and
lotions on any skin. If you must use any
let it be a pure almond cream. "Wash
the face always with distilled" or raia
water. : Freckles and wrinkles j ones re
moved, you will find the care of the com
plexion a simple matter. /.
to both breathe and to feed ty means et
a current of water. ■ v *'•;.--'' ■■
One .might suppose' that a creature
whose food came to it already prepared
would have no need to roam about. It U
a fact that the oyster. settles down while
still very : young and*\ never stirs from
home again, but the dam' finds it worth
his , -while ■ to' move about'., even though
his steps are slow and his Journey* are
short. The clam's natural position is on
the 'edge, about ,half buried in the sand. '
with the hinge of Its shell uppermost,
with its fringes protruding slightly be-^
hind, and with : the two shells parted a <
little beneath. Between ' these the . clam
puts " out its foot and works ; it 'Into | the "
sand below. This foot is soft and seem
ingly shapeless, but capable of expansion
and contraction to a remarkable decree. 1
and very strong.
1112
THE £rst impression one receives
from reading the opening chapters
cf "Tristram of Hient," by Anthony
Hope, is that if the book Is to please
later it must be because of skillful
character drawing or i.ecause of interest
ing situations, and not on account of ac
quaintance with amiable people. The main
characters in the novel, with one excep
tion, prcrr.ise to be of a kind whose di«
pprecsble traits are unrelieved by the
possession of any particular, virtue. But
there is a conspTete shifting of values to
ward the end of the book, and the black
crows are metamorphosed Into white
Wrns. The complete change of view
with which one has to regard the hero
before the bock is finished would create
d shock cf surprise if Air. Hope had net
had the forethaujht to make Tristram
the scion cf a family the conduct of
whose membrrs is guided not by the or
dinary rationality of prosaic beings, but
by ar.v impulse which may appear at a
critical moment. Given this latitude oi
possible action, the change in Tristram
irom. a sc'.fish, dishonorable man to an
vr.se'Ssh. honorable cne must be admit
ted to be fairly plausible, even if It does
ttke place in Tittle more than the twink
lir.s of an eye. If this were not the cae«
The reader might c.uariel with Mr. Hope
en the jrro-jnd that the Impression giv*>n
\>y two of the characters he introduces is
rv-xh as if on introou -,»Jon they wore a
mask to conceal their personality, and
then threw it off in orier to produce a
r-hoek of sutrrire.
On the whole, however, even with an
urcerstaRcing of the erratic nature of
Trirtram. whirh Mr. Hope insists upon.
the character of that hero is scarcely con
vircinsr. The explanation of this may be
that Mr. Hope a p a creator of character
has so far revealed no trace of genius.
There Is especial need of genius whtn
th^re is to be shown the real consistency
BndertjrSss the apparent Inconsistencies of
a character, and this consistency must
appear in every character which does not
fhew a mental aberration bordering on
Tristram Is th% only child cf Lady Tris
tram, a Baroness In her own right. In
her youth Lady Tristram, then an untitled
girl, married Sir Randolph Edge. A few
rr.orAh? sftcr the marriage the two sep
arated ar.d Sir Randolph went to Russia.
On receipt of news of the death of Sir
Randolph In that country his wife lm-
TR^diatciy married Captain Fitzhubert.
After the birth of a son to. Captain Fitz
hubert it is discovered that Sir Randolph
Edge did not die until after the marriage
ceremony between his wlf» and her sec
or.3 bastead. Sir Randolph died in Rus
r:a, where the Julian calendar Is still in
•use. Thi <5ate3 on this calendar are
twelve f'sys behind those used by the rest
rf the civilized world. This confusion of
£a*es was not taken into account In th«
report r,t Sir Randolph's d*ath s«nt from
Russia. As a result he was supposed by
his wife: to have died twelve days before
1:» actual!;- did.
Th» fact that the second marriage was
in reality performed one day before Sir
Randolph's death was not discovered un
til too 1at« to Fccuro the legitimacy of
ihe son of Captain Fltzhubert; but this
fact Is cnr.cealed from all but a few per
fi'-r.s. Captain Fitzhubert and his
VS69W in time succeeds to the title of
VyjT'jT.*-?<i Tristram of Blent. Harry Trts
trcrn is about 15 years old when his
rr.oihrr cor.fesses to him that he will have
r.3 iopr.i rUlm to her title and estates. It
Is then that he begins the deception
r.hkh Is :!ir keynote of the novel. Feel
ir.z that :-.« bats a-.^ry natural right to his
mother 1 .' r-nnie p.nA fortune, he simply
iCWR* the fact that he has no legal right
to jt as w<.-3!. Hq determines to succeed
to what be corsidrrs his rightful inherit
ance-. J'cr several years nothing occurs
10 disturb Harry Tristram or to make
him Kiirpect that the Jruth about his
mother's rrjnrrlage Is known to any one
v.lio ■vonSd ur<; it to hi* disadvantage.
Dut Bt !act he finds that his secret is
kr.ov.n to a man who threatens to expose
it. To make niaucrs worse for Harry his
SA dainty
booklet 01 quotations: |
Thoa^its d pzztz, pbilosophrrs, 1
\ "arlijts, i!a^:rs «- * \ n B
0! a!! the vise and tendrr ol |
the earth vho have ever had 6
or kept a Irizni •> •* ~ j|
50c 1
Elder and Shcpard g
233 POST STREET. J
» 9
WRITERS
OF BOOKS
mother dies and he is left with the.lm
penJlng,necessity of establishing his claim
to her estate by the aid of false docu
ments. Not that the prospect of doing
this disturbs him in the least, if he can
but do it successfully. The erratic dispo
sition which Harry Tristram has Inherited
apparently includes a large amount of
moral obliquity, or rather, of moral ob
tuseness, for he seems at no time troubled
by qualms of conscience because he has
retained possession of property to which
he has no legal claim.
The real heir to the estate of Blent is
a cousin of Lady Tristram, a beautiful
pirl named Cecily Gainsborough. Harry
Tristram meets her while she is on a visit
to Ills home and falls in love with her.
Following a momentary, impulse, Harry
tells his cousin that she is really Lady
Tristram. He leaves Cecily in possession
of Blent, and then goes to London to seek
his fortune. From then on the course of
the story flows smoothly, following the
average way of a novel, to the restora
tion of Harry Tristram to his former tltl«
and position. After his confession to 1 hia
cousin, Tristram blossoms out into a most
exemplary young; man who seems to bo
impervious to temptation*. Indeed, from a
yiuth who gives no hint" of the posses
sion of qualities usually considered neces-
Eary to render a hero of romance attrac
tive, Tristram suddenly changes and be
ccmes all that the most punctilious read
er could demand. When the reader takes
leavfe of him he wears a bright halo caat
by the light of his shining virtues. To
have such a change take place within thi
limits of one short novel, especially when
for half its length no hint of the proba
bility of such a change is given, is a new
way of providing for a story an unex
pected turn which shall bailie the expec
tations of even the experienced novel
reader. . -..;;' ■-,- ■ \. ■ ■:->•». ; ;
Another character, too, who plays an
Important part In the book, undergoes
a similar change of character, though in
a modified way. She begins by promising
tp be the villain of the story, ar.d ends
by being its good fairy. Certainly Mr.
Hope has prepared more than one sur
prise for the reader of "Tristram of
Blent." Yet the novel remains but one
of merely ordinary interest. The people
of the novel, with the exception of Cecily
Gainsborough, are either bizarre or com
monplace. In either case they fail to ex
ercise the attraction which insures more
than a brief remembrance.
It is surprising that ilr. Hope can write
a romance which will stir the emotions
and j live in the memory, and then can
produce novels which, save for some few
flashes of wit. never rise in theme or
treatraent above tho commonplace, and
which appeal neither to sympathy nor
Imagination. It may be that while Mr.
Hope has a talent for telling an absorbing
story of adventure, it is beyond his power
to do what only a genius can do-paint a
Picture of ordinary people which is true
L?»,- I* ' , and yel has over u a Glamour
*hich glorifies It into a universal experi
ence pf mankind. (SlcClure, Phillips &
Co.. New York. Price *1 60;.
The Westerners.
_ A stirring romance of Western life has
been written by Stewart Edward White
whose story of a tenderfoot in the West.
The Claim Jumpers," many will remem
ber wiui pleasure.
The principal character in "The We3t
crners."' who happens to be the villain
too, is a halfbrced named Machall JLa
fand. When. Lafand is a young' man he
suffers what ho considers a wrong at the
hands of some white men. He accepts
the affront in ciler.ee and with apparent
apathy, but it rankles in his soul for
year3 and leads him and fashions all his
later life in tuch a way that he may ne
revenged upon the men ho bates. Change
throws In his way a little girl, the
daughter of one of the men. Ihls child
is the daughter of a scientist. Professor
Welch, who went West in order to study
the geological formation of the Black
Hills. Welch had taken with him hia v/ife
and child, although It was at a time when
Dakota was the scene of many an In
dian massacre. The professor and bts
wife soon find praxes in the West, and
little Prue Welch falls into the hands of
Lafand, who brings her up under tha
name of Molly Lafand. The scheme of
vengeance which Lafand forms Includes
the ruin of this eirl. He brings her up
among lawless people, aimlns; to have her
grow into a coarse, disreputable woman.
When ehe has become the typo of woman
he wishes her to be, he means to tell her
of her parentage and make her under
stand all that she has lost. But LafanJ
has not counted-npon tho instincts which
generations of virtuous Puritans have be
queathed to Molly. In spite of degrading
surroundings Molly remains uncorrupted.
She renders the plans of Lafand futile
by sec-king refuge In the love of a man
who proves himself to be worthy of her
esteem and capable of leading her back
to sympathy with a lite which is hers
by birthrlKht. . ; , .
. Lafatid lives to see ell of his schemes
for revenge result in the prosperity of
those whom he pursues for many long
years. At the end he finds In a violent
death a terrible termination to hia cruelty
and wickedness. In the description of tho
death of the half-breed at tho hands of
infuriated Indians whom he has wronged
years before Mr. White shows a powyr
which augurs well for the quality of hit*
futuro work. Indeed, the entire novel
reveals a real ability to create a clear
picluro of. the Northwest when It was the
ecene of a last display of eavago force
directed against another greater forco
v.-hicb tva* on the turface, scarcely lesa
barbarous than itt?clf.
"The Westerners" 1» well worth read-
Ing if one takes interest In the wild life
of the pioneers whose efforts at winning
the valuable lands of the, West have re
eultcd in the 'present prosperity of the
civilized communities which have taken
their place. (McClure, Phillips & Co.,
New York. Price Jl 60.) . .
Tale3 From Shakespeare.
"Lamb's Tai«-s from KhaUesDeare' has
became a. classic." enirf Dr. Furnivail Jn
his introduction to the first volume of this
edition. This in undoubtedly the case,
such a classic that tho libraries of both
younj and old alike would not 'bo com
plete without it. . -
• Charles and Mary I>amb wrote the
talcs with the Idea that they should be an
introduction to the study of Shakespeare.
Brother and sister v.crc most conscien
tious and painstaking In their "arduous un
dertaking,' liow' serious indeed can bo
judged from what j Charles saya ■ In the
preface:.
"What thcttk talcs have been to you In
childhood, that and much more It Is my
wizh llmt the truo piny* of Bhakcapenro
may prove to you In t.liU'r yenrn— cnrlchers
of the fancy, ctrenirthtners of virtue a
withdrawing from ai: s-ll!«li and mercen
ary thoughts, a W^m o f all nwc_ot and
honorablo Ihour.ht.i nnd nctiona, 16 teach
you oourtCCjr* b<jilgi.t|y. smrraalty, hu
ma-Jlly; Ii.r i.t f-Xitt.-.-jit:! ten'-htug thes*
virtue* tlxi-js iJj«;r:i »;.«• fuU." .
The moat lraji.jrta»it itaiures of this e«II,
tlon aro »h«: ltrr> •;<«-•'. ,i,.i an ,i additions
that have been written by. Dr. Pumivall,
one of the greatest living authorities on
Shakespeare. To ; each of the. stories he
has written a special introduction. ; To
make the work more complete Dr. Furnl
vall has added, six stories which the
Lambs have not ' wri tten. . Those tales
consist of two comedies and four trag
edies, viz.: "Love's Labor's Lost," "The
Merry Wives of Windsor," .•" '.'Julius
Caesar," "Troilus and Cressida," "An
tony and Cleopatra," and "Coriolanus."
He has also described the playhouses in
Shakespeare's .time and likewise given a
good deal of other valuable information.
PROFESSOR GEORGE L. RAYMOND, the poet, and author of the
"Orator's Mfanual" nnd Painting, Sculpture and Architecture as
Representative Arts." and other works on esthetics, published by
G. P. Putnam's Sons, is said to be so much of rm expert in the meanings
of the posture3 and movements of the body that it amounts to a species
of. mind-reading. .; When he first w»nt to Princeton to teach oratory, the
compulsory speaking- before the 'whole' college 4 was unpopular,; and' tho
speakers, who controlled their own orders of exercises, -attempted to
xnrvke a farce of them, once by hiring n negro band. to furnish music,
once by issuing mock schedules, and once by all addresing in fancy cos
tumes. He discovered and prevented each of 'the schemes through ob
serving the movements of those who came to him to rehearse. It is said
that it was not infrequent for him to interrupt a student when reading
or speaking a supposedly original composition or oration by saying
"This was not intended to ba an exercise in penmanship." A. few^day.3
ago. an a result of joining in the divertiscments of an evening at a sea
shore resort, he received a serious invitation to lecture on the occult
before' a city art and science club. Ho replied that if they wished ha
would be happy to lecture to them upon art, which was altogether the
best agency of which he knew through which to make the occult
cecm visible. -C- ' ' ■ : : : .• '■■"',
The Illustrating 'of 'the book was placed
in the hands of Harold Copping, who de
voted something Ilka tv.o years to the
completion of this work. The. two volumes
contain twenty-two full-page' photo
gravures and H2 black and white illustra
tion?. The printing of the letterpress is
of tho finest, the paper used of the best
and tho photogravures, one nnd £11/ per
fect specimens. These tales are published
In two volumes of three different styles;
first, as an edition de luxe In white
leather limited to 250 numbered copies at
$30; second, the same In white buckram
at 125; third, in fine paper at J7 50. (Pub
lished by Raphael Tuck & Sons, New
York.) : '/■■.: : -" ::-:C'-v\ : --:'-y;'^''C-i' ■■^':.. : - ■■/
"Pierrot and Hia Cat."
"Tho Tale of Pierrot and His Cat." by
Florence Evans, is a charming fairy story
for children. The little people, who are the
leading characters, are ordinary mortals
of tho earth; but : when they get Inio
trouble, unlike . ordinary.. "•■ mortals ..'they
have kind fairy friends to help them out :
of their difficulties In Buch a way that the
recital of dlRlcultlcs and happy endings
marks a very interesting llttlo romance.
The book 13 illustrated by tho most de
lightful facsimiles of water-color sketches
"by Mrs. Albertlne Randall Wheclan of
San Francisco. Thee© illustrations ; by
themselvpfl give an outline of tho story of
little Pierrot, which bears a resemblance
to that of his well-known namesake. For
tunately foe' the gratification of youthful
readers, the^ story ot the Pierrot who
owned the cat has -a -happier ending than
that of the other. Pierrot, for this llttlo
modern one, falls out of love with Sofia,
tho representative of Columbine, and in
love with some one who brings his story
to a happy ending. The fairy tale, In con
nection with the Illustrations, . makes an
unusually attractive book for a child who
likes stories and pictures. (Dodge Pub
lishing Company, New York. Price $1 IS.)
"The Wage of Character."
"Tlio Wage of Character", is tho latest
novel by Juilcn '.lordan. It is on a par
with her other books, which Is to say that
It is an example of the "trashy" novel.
It is not that Mrs. Cruger, or Julien Gor
dan. as she pleases to call herself, of
fends particularly by the crowding of one
Ecnsatlonal or improbable incident against
another; for her stories in outline follow
clo3cly enough tho experiences of man
kind, but the tone of her books as It
shows Itself in, dialogue and In descrip
tions of cventa offends many a canon of
good taste. Thojso who have read, with
pleasure Mrs. Cruger'a other books will
lind enjoyment of tho, same sort in her last
novel. Others who do not v appreciate
literature of the sort Jo which "Ills Let
ters" and others of Mm. Cruger's novels
belong, must look elsewhero than to "The
•Wugo of Character" for- entertainment.
(D. Applcton & Co., New York. ■ Prlco
$1251) ,■•'.-'»• .-.;••. ■-:,'.
French Book.
"Bacon's Une Bcmalno a i'arls," by Ei
wln V. Bacon, Ph.D., has been published,
with maps and illustrations, by, the Amer
ican Book Company, New York, This so
tie* of helpful converpatlon3. win; make
tho visitor to Paris ucqunlntcd both with
the physical Teaturesot tho city arid with
tho Information and phrarca hecessury to
THE SUNDAY CALL.
rot about Independently. In addiUon It
affords to the student valuable drill in
modern idiomatic tfrench. The conversa
tions, which deal with the sights of the
city and tho necessary orders In hotp.s,
restaurants, ; stores, etc., were , In • j each
case written on the spot of the scene de
scribed, and are true to the life and fea
tures of modern Paris. The book 1b sup
plied with & French-English ' vocabulary
and contains a sketch map' of ' the city,
as' well as numerous illustrations - of its
principal objects of interest. (Price 50
cents.) ... ■': , • " „-■ ■; , . ,
Hover Boys.
"Rover Boys on the Great Lakes,", by
Arthur M. "Wlnfleld," Is a complete story
in itself, but forms \ the fifth - volume of
the Rover Boys Series for Young Ameri
cans. When Mr. Wlnfleld first started
this series with "The Rover Boys at
School," he had no Idea of extending the
line, beyond two or three volumes. s But
the second book, "The Rover Boys on the
Ocean," Immediately . called ( for a third,
"The Rover Boysln the Jungle, 1 ', and this
finished, many boys wanted to know what
would happen next, and so he gave them
"The Rover Boys Out West." Still they
were not satisfied; hence the .volume now
in hand, «*
So far the boys have followed the doings
of Dick, Tom and Sam at Putnam Hall
with many larks and sports; then out
upon the broad Atlantic in a daring chase
which came pretty close to ending in sad
disaster; next Into the Interior of Africa
on a quest of grave Importance, and lastly
out Into the mountainous regions .of the
wold West, to locate a mining claim be
longing to Anderson River.
In tho present tale the scene Is shifted
to tho great lakes. The three boys go
nn a pleasure tour and while on Lake
Erie fnll In with an old enemy, .w-ho con
cocts a schemo for kidnaping Dick, who
had fallen overboard from his yacht In
a. storm. Thin schomn leads to many ad
ventures, the outcome of which will be
followed by all boys with keen Interest.
(Published by the Mershon Company, New
York. Price 11 25.) . ' -
The Shrine of Silence.
Dr. Henry Frank has hit upon an at
tractive title for his "book of medi
tations." It is a book full of the spirit
of natural reverence In a series of medi
tations that are entirely freo from.dog
matic cxprosslons. They seek to obliter
ate th* lino of demarcation between sci
ence and religion and present the com
mon ground on which both must abide.;
The author concedes that "mind hath
its eagle flights and spirit hath Us ocean
depths.". With the great Master of Gal
ileo-ne says: "Seek and ye shall find;
ask and ye shall receive: knock and it
: shall be opened unto you." ■ ■
; These meditations are uttered solely In
recognition of the fact that truth Is the
same yesterday, to-day and forever; that
her forces pervade the universe, awaiting
only eyes .that see. ears; that hear nnd
minds that shall comprehend. Dr. Frank
says that they are Intended for the Chrl3
tlnn who loves Jesus, for the Jew who.
has outgrown medlcvnl rabblnlam and for
the free-thinker, who '. has drifted ' far
from the ancient moorings of -faith but
yearns' for some port In whlch'^he : may
find comfort arid constant repose.",; : : To
those who are up-to-date enough to : be
Interested In cosmic vibrations his chap
ter on that subject will be Interesting, v
"Thought Is a wave of. mental energy.:; 7
;;;i"All vibrations are thoughts.- . ■ -
/•Would we become one with the uni
verse we must think the thoughts that
Runtain tho'-unlv(>rse.
, "Harmony, : order, equilibrium, rest—
these are the universal, sustaining prln-''
clples. .'■■/■ '■■'.:■ ■ £•£ ■;■"■;.? ■■;:-;.,?/';- : :">i'-i ; '
■'.':;;■ ''If we love, we live.: .'■'- "'"■■■'■"■ .: - ' ' : -'\ ■', ■(■:■.
'"This- Is Nature's law, on, which rests
the : ethical': order^ of all -worlds." ,
The author ,s hows a touch of poetry: In
his meditations on love. . k '..> ■ :
;} ','Love - Is a morning zephyr whispering ',
among the rose leaves.'. '• s ,* '-..;•'-;.
•: ."-■? "Love- is the breath of Spring melting .
tho ley,' heart of Winter. ."■ ' :
'.'Love la a sunburst through a murky
cloud.; '' : .:,L'- -:■■■"■■ ' : '. ; -'-:'' 0$&i '' ■ ■ .- : ■■■•'■■.
'; # ,'Loyo lathe music, of the, brook pjaylng
among the. reeds. . '. \ :■■-_:' •'-•
' ! "Love la ligh^,.' ; "• '"; -' ".-■ >-,■.;•;
'.'Love Is: power, v ; " ;
>"Love--|« peacoi •'• ■ • '-' ,
S'-'Love. is life. ■,
:i"Love;la.God." ; - ~ +
. (Published by the Abbey Presa.r New
York. Price $1 50.) ,A ;
New Arithmetic.
"Dubbs' Now Practical Arithmetic." by
Eugene L. Dubbs, has Just been published
by the American Book Company, New
York. The aim. uf this book la threefold
•r Jlrat,' to cultivate habits of uccuracy and
GEORGE F. CRAM TURNS AUTHOR.
HEREWITH Is an Illustration from
"Mlnette," a historical novel' by
. ■ the veteran publisher ' George F.
Cram. .This Is Mr. Cram's first at
tempt In fiction and Judging from the ex
cellence of his present production it aeema
unfortunate that he has not. entered th«
world .of literary , romance -before.'
i "Mlnette" Is 'a vivid story of 'the lat
ter part 'of the eleventh century when" 8Q
many thousands of enthusiastlo Crusaders
went to their death in the Holy i Land.
For the' stirring and tragic tale. that :h«
'•."has -.to", tell, ! Mr. Cram, could hot have
chosen a finer setting-.' He weaves his
' romance and history together, in splendid
style.
v. The story begins In France at the time
when "religious fervor was at its height
| and the flower of the kingdom was flock
/ ing to the standards of the knights of the
, cross. ■■■; Mlnette, the young daughter of
-the Count of Touralne, has been betrothed,
r by .the mutual agreement of the parents,
to Guibert de Barreaux. - It has been one
of those formal engagements customary
at that time, when tho wishes of the
principals were held entirely subservient
to the decision " of ■ older heads.
- Guibert 'is selfishly anxious for the
match because he hopes through the
riches of Mlnette to retrieve his own lost
fortune. There is not the slightest spark
I of congeniality between the two and it
• only needs the appearance of the dashing
and altogether admirable Lacey d»
Hauteville;on the scene to save Mlnett*
from a loveless' weddings .With Mlnette
and Lacey it la a matter' of perfect af
fection and worship at. first sight.
Guibert is not willing to \ let his priz»
slip so easily, however, and picks a quar*
rel with' the young knight, only to Jbi
himself defeated and to have the mortifi
cation of knowing that his life has been
spared by his more generous rival. For
'Lacey, after disarming Guibert, falls to
give the fatal thrust, and sheathes his
sword 'that it may be drawn again clean
for the Christian causo, and not red with
the blood of a countryman slain, on the
dueling field. :
This is the beginning of the feud be
tween Lacey and Guibert, a struggle th4t
Is carried from Franca to the', very walls
of Jerusalem Itself, and lasts until the
final climax and tragedy at the. end of tho
book. Guibert, smarting under his defeat,
both at arms and In the affair of hta
heart, vows to have the life of Lacey by
fair means or foul. The better to further
his base ends he joins the Crusaders and ,
acts as a spy for the Turks. ;
The scene then suddenly shifts to for
eign shores— b?itle, carnage and wild
alarms. Mlnette goes with her father to
Join the. Crusaders and In finally captured
by the Turku under the direction of Gui
bert. She is saved from him by the power
of Azzndin, a chief, who falls in love with
her. ■ ':;■ : : - .-.,. • ■*.■", ;' .;,--■'; '," \ : - '. •;. ; -, -
Mr. Cram paint* th.v glowing picture of
the Crusaders' trials and battles • with
powerful strokes, but through it all brings
out the complicated intricacies of his ro
mance with vivid distinctness. It Is on!y
in the closing chapter ihat the last thread
is drawn and his story, made complete.
One other woman figures In -the book—
I .mils", a character almost as noble and
interesting as tl'at of Mlnette. Le Bon,
Tancrcd and L/Knfans also play most Im
portant parts and are splendid types of
the courngeou3 CrusaOers, who dared
their all for the pake of the cross. '."..*
Here la an excerpt, thW slayinir ' of the
Sultan's slant bowman that Illustrates
well Mr. Cram's virile style: : '-.
: For two ' daya the ' battle rM;e<i. Th« num
bers were unequal, but the Crusaders were un
able to employ their full strength. Each 41
vision fought as best It could, and each re
gardless of the other. On the afternoon of the
n»cond day the.:battl« ra^fld fiercely. L* lion
wm trtth hl» company of knlghta close; to
Raymond, who dealing etron« : blows was
trying to reach Kllldjc^-Arstan. It was 1 a de
cisive moment . Before the sworda of ! Bohe
rooad and^Tancred the stoutest .Turks-: went
down— homo and rtd«r alike trampled upon and
crushed' by the curglnic man of knights . m-ho
rapidity in arithmetical computation; sec
ond, to develop tho reasoning powers; and
third, to make the pupils familar with the
ordinary commercial applications of arith
metic. ; To socure this end, special at
tention has been given to clearness of ex
planation, conciseness of! statement and
thoroughness of drill. Each subject is
introduced by carefully worded defini
tions, followed by a statement of the prin
ciples involved In the process' to be de
veloped. After the etudy of the written
solution of a model example; the rule is
briefly stated, and" the problems bearing
on the subject are then presented. These,
by : their practical character, and ' great
number and variety, furnish drill
r.cceesary to produce a ready skill In deal-
Ing with numbers. The matter through
out Is carefully graded, reviews are fre
quent and a long list of miscellaneous dif
ficult : problems is appended. (Price 60
cents.) : ' .:.Vr' ; -': ";- : VV : - : \;-\/ '■./- ' '
Teddy— Her Daughter.
Xo books for children published since
Miss Alcott's books have won hlghar
praise:, than the two bright j and whole
some books by Anna Chapln Ray. in
which Teddy and her ulster Phebe are th*
principal characters. The new* book,'
"Teddy : Her Daughter/ 'In which the lives
and doings of the McAllisters are con
tinued. Is likely, "to by' received with as
great' fayor'as Its predecessors. It Is nat
ural 1 and human. Teddy's daughter, Bet
ty, Is^the. center of the story, and the
whole "family life at,th« seashore is most
attractively portrayed. Teddy (Theodora)
as a' mother Is a sweet woman,
with high and pure Id »als for her lovnb'o
daughter. (PubllBhed by Little, iBrown &
Co., Boston. Price $1 20.) ' * : :v
Aguinaldo.
"Aguinaldo. ; n Narrative of Filipino
Ambltiong.V by Edwin Wlldman. has Just
been puOllshed by the Lothrop^ Publishing
Company, Boston.-. Americans without
regard to party or principle's are Interest
ed In the personality ; of the little 'brown
man of the Philippines who. calling . to his
aid the unformed : forces of Oriental am
bltlon,' held for .a tinieln his hand the
destinies and; hopes of; the Filipino peo
ple, i Mr. Wlldman as /; Vice Consul "at
Hongkong (under his brother; ; the late
Kounsevelle, Wlldman, the United States
Consul General), -anti; also as special cor
respondent in tho Philippines, has known
the true story of Aguinaldo v from the
start, t Personal acquaintance and contact
Impressions I
Calendar |
1902.
. Bcautifvl, Practical,. I
Original. ........ I
Oood Whtn (h: Year b Done. I
$122'
} :< Po»tp»IJ Anywheri. ' ""' ■
H Elder and Shcpard, |
:' 238 POST STREET; 5
a :--:--" ■-'•■•---- :-
Bsmyi. p»«j|^*|p«»—^lyjjjj Nso
fathered about thos« bold chiefs. Th* wea
pon* of Lacey and I/Enfaaa rtnc and quivered
1 aa side by aids in th« thicken of the fight they
forced the itubborn, aurgrlnr foe backward luto
the crowded mass beyond. An arrow • truck
Lacey's aide, and 'glanced from his ateel corae
let; another cut the top of his helmet. _ Two
more ahlvered against the shield of L/Enfana.
and then they came In clouds. The apace
about them had been suddenly cleared of
Moslem horsemen and In their front wu a
tnbnstroua Turk who. towering above all th*
others, was leading a thousand archers, from
whose bows clouds of swift stinging messen
gers of death were firing, his own surest and
tnort deadly of all. It was Ab Hassan, the
Sultan's bowman.
"Dromm« <Ie I'air!" exclaimed L/Enfana;
"yon giant seems a very catapult. Let u* see
how he will fight at closer range," and ■ In an
Instant both knights dashed forward, each
guarding hlmrelf with his shield. 'They seem
flying to ctrtaln death, but victory lay In th»
boldness of the deed. A moment only of dead
ly peril »irt they had cleared the intervening
apace, followed by a score of intrepid souls.
The foremost of the archers went down before
the shock. Horses trampled alike , the dead
and dying. Around Ab Hassan the angry Hie
roared, and still the arrows of the mighty bow- -
man sang sharply through the air. now ring
ing against tho strong armor and now enter
ing the exposed bodies of more luckless Cru
saders. A blow from Lacey's sword knocked
the bow. from his bands. Another from
L' Enfant" left a Ions line of red upon his wide
cheek, and returning, pierced hia shoulder.
Seising 'an ax, the giant stood glaring: then
the huge weapon, whirling about hia head with
frightful force. Memed a circle of fire enclos
ing the scarred and blood-stained faco of- a
demon— an lnferna^plcture wh«e passion th«
changing scenes o£ year* could not efface from
the memory of those who. lived through the
gave him opportunity to study ■ this
unique figure of the Tagalog chieftain:
his sketch of Aguinaldo is reliable and It
Is. at tho same time, a picturesque pre
sentation of a notable figure In the his
tory of American expansion. Mr. Wild
man's book Is one of the most concise ac
counts of American campaigns in the
Philippines from the day when Dewey'a
guns thundered, in Manila Bay to Fun
m on's dramatic capture of Aguinaldo and
the close of the rebell/on. The book is
copiously illustrated with maps, portraits
and photographs, including Filipino
stamps and relics not before shown to the
public. (Price $1 20.) ;
Literary Notes.
Aspeclal holiday edition of "The Crisis"
is being prepared by the Macmlllan Com
pany. The frontispiece will consist, of a
new portrait of the author never before
published, and reproduced, in photo
gravure. v/'iv'Ki' ' '- :'•'? ":•■'■'"• ':."•'":
J. 8. Ogll vie. Publishing Company of
New York announce for immediate pub
lication "The Story of Mmc. Du Barry,"
translated from the French by George
Morehcad. Mrs. Leslie Carter is an
nounced to star in the play "Mine. Du
Barry." which fact will doubtless create
a demand for the book. \ '
Harper & Brothers published on No
vember 8 the following new books: "Tha
Portion of Labor." by Mary E. Avilklns;
"The Ballet Dancer," by Matllde Serao,
the Italian novelist, author of "The Land
of Cockayne": "In Great Waters."
Thomas A. Janvier's new book of stories,
and "Victoria R. I.. Her Hfe and Em
pire," by his Grace the Duke of Argyll.
P. M. Buckles & Co., the New York
publishers, will publish shortly In con
junction with John Lang, the English
publisher, a new novel by Fergus Hume,
author, of "Mystery of a Hansom Cab."
Those who have read the advance sheets
say that Mr. Hume has not deteriorated
as a good detective story teller. This last
story from his pen is called "The; Mil
lionaire ;; Mystery." and deals -with: the
curious and sudden disappearance of a
millionaire.^'." -.■ ';, : /'- : '"-.^. ; .'." : .::~-;P'&:;-^K%?&: i
,. The Christmas numbor of , the Delin
eator is about the' first of the 'special
Christmas Issues. The cover is -an artis
tic production showing a beautifully
gowned woman standing gracefully in a
brilliantly lighted salon. Two charming
love "stories, one by 'Cyrus Townsend
Erady,; plenty of advice regarding Christ
mas . gifts, ; timely pointers on cookery,
winter-time, care of plants, all the fash-'
Ions of the day interpreted Into 'simple
language, can be found in the. Christmas
number of the Delineator.
Marcel Prevost's latest novel, translated
from the French by Ellen Marriage, tho
well-known Balzac translator, will shortly
make Its American appearance in author
ized edition from'tho press of Thomas Y.
Crowell ; & Co. 5 The story , Is , entitled
VFrederlquc," and Is • considered his
strongest and most unexceptional work.
The author's profound analysis of char
acter and tense handling of narrative aro
here seen at their best, Tho appearance
of the book should arouse. widespread la?
tereit.'';;,';!-'-^--^ "-'\ - : .' : ■ ■■ :■ , .. >.>
In view of the several editions ot Bal
zac's worfctr which are now appearing, hi*
readers will.; be Interested ! in the news
that the Temple edition jit the "Comcdl«
Humaine" has just been published by th*
Macmlllan Company In forty volumes »It
appears under the editorship bf George
Balntsbury. The first volume contain* a
general Introduction and clnasincatlon of
the novels, while each book has Its special
prefatory essay, The sets are bound both
in cloth and Ump leather and each vol
ume has an etched frontispiece. The blnd
ins Is dainty. In uniform style with other
Temple . editions. The paper in a little
Illustration From Hiaette.
months that followed.
Now, out from the lln« of knlshtj that ar*
galloping forward a chieftain moves swiftly.
Straight as the bowman's arrows h» sits upon
his flying steed, and holding bis long lanes
firmly In his right hand he clears the space,
riding upon the mad giant as la a tournament.
A huadred voices shout the name of Godfrey:
and in another Instant out of (he shock that
followed the noble chief recoiled, and still firm
ly seated upon h!s hone gazed upon the dead
body of the Sultan's bowman.
The chance of battle, the fate of armies, the
life of nations, all hang on seeming trifles.
KlUdge- Arslan could not stay the 'wild disorder
of the Turkish army, aa the hitherto invincible
warrior fell upon the tr-mbl!ns sands, and be
fore the victorious Crusaders the hated foe
fled over the plain: nor did they stop till hid
den away among the stunted pines and rocky
cliffs of the mountain miles away. And now,
call it a. mirage or aa illusion, religious
ecstasy or mental vtsion. aa Imagined appear
ance of the unreal. * fantasy, call It what you
will, there were among: those pious souls, some
who, looking into the heavens, saw an army of
celestial knights, with crosses aad banners,
move athwart the >ky aad fade away ia fleecy
clouds. . .- ; ■■-■ i-".* . ■-
(Published by John "W. HIS ft Co., Chi
cago. Price II 60.): : :
larger than the Temple classics, and from
a mechanical point of view the edition is
an "altogether pleasant one to handle and
to left, The same remarks apply very
largely to the Temple edition of tha
Bronte novels, which is complete in
twelve volumes, each with photogravure
frontispiece, with drawings by J. Grieg.
The page is a little smaller than the Bal
zac set. This set is also published in cloth
and leather binding, with uncut edges.
Little. Brown & Co. have also published
this fall ane« library edition of "Park
man's Life." a new and enlarged edition
of Drake's "New England Legends," a
new edition of Haznerton's "French Paint
ers and Paintings" and a new edition of
the celebrated historical romance entitled
"Cinq Mars." They have always made a
specialty of standard sets and have just
added to their already Ions list a new
series of Charles Lever's novels of foreign
life, eleven volumes, completing the new
library edition of Lever's works; the Va-
Io!s edition of the romances of Alexandra)
Dum.TJ In forty volumes, uniform with
the Centenary Balzac, and a new pocket
edition of the "Comedlc Humaine" by ■ - 1
Balzac in thirty volumes. , : \
Sooks Received.
THE 8HRINE OP SILENCE-By
Henry Frank. - The Abbey Press, New
York. 1150. .: : >--: : ' ' ;- ; :-.--.',-, •■- ■ /
DOCTOR JOSEPHINE — By ■WlUIs
Barnes. The Abbey. Press. New York. JL
CLASSIFIED LIST of MINERALS.
PRECIOUS AND OTHER STONES-^By
Felix J. Trought on. Th« : Abbey Press.
New York. 25 cents. !
BALLADS OP BROTHERHOOD-By
Alphonzo Alva Hopkins. The Abbey
Press, New York. 60 cents.
PEOPLE AND PROPERTY— By Ed
win B. Jennings. The Abbey Press. New
York. 60 cents.
DEMOCRACY AND THE TRUSTS-By
Edwin B. Jennings. The Abbey Press.
New York. 50 cents. . •
PEBBLES AND PEARLS— By Cleland
Kefnestaffe. . The : Abbey Press. New
York. ?1 50.
MINETTE-By George P. Cram. John
W. lllff & Co., Chicago. $150.
CORPORATIONS IN CALIFORNIA—
By Charles A. Son. A. M.. LL.B. Charles
W.' Prnln* & Co.. Los Angeles.
THE MASTER KEY— By L. FranS
Baum. The Bowen-McrrlH Company, In*
dlanapolls. $150.
TALES FROM SHAKESPEARE-Bj
Mary and Charles Lamb. Raphael Tuck
& Sons* Company. New .York. Two vol
umes. J7 50. ■•":.; ..; ? :; ,-. ;,; : : .- . :: <};::h;.* I
THE TIME'S AND YOUNG MEN*-By
Joslah 8trong. Tho Baker & Taylor
Company. New York. 73 cents.
CINQ-MARS— By Alfred de Vigny.
Little, Brown & Co., Boston. -. <
A akiqUE JIOLIDAY 6!FT
•MINGLES froh JAPAN"
Verses bv Mabsl Kydi.
Pictures by Helen Hyda.
"The Jingles, 'aa »«t forth by t?»«
Chink*. * Hre hrf«ht and far above
the tviniit In clearness. Th« au-
thor thowt » delicate wit. And aom«
of htr poems are exceptionally eood.
The volum* will b^ a most newpt-
•bte hollitay souvenir, tor Its unlqn*
. «t]rl« and attractive ilrawtn.es 1 will
appeal to the public. The picture*,
printed In Out blacka and ctd*. ar«
i«trtktn«lir artistic." — Th« Ullwauke*
8entlncl% . - :^>~;V . r .',
PRICE TTe NET. :
A. M. ROBERTSON,
Pub l*h«r. 20 Post St pe»t. -'MME. SEMBRIEN AND HER DRESSDEN HOME
THEY were all goof fairies in at
tendance trben not so very many
year? ago a little girl named Mar
ceQa was' started on the journey of
life in the mi of "RTfasccwexyk.
Oalicla. No one haH been omitted in the
:nvitatior.«-- arnJ every fairy brought the
best gift at her command.
"She shall have a complexion of peaches
and cream," paid the first fairy, quite
after the maner of those of her race v.ho
Jive in story books. "She fhall have- beau
tiful jewels." said the second. "She shall
live in a. beautiful house like a palace,"
said the third, trying to outdo her sister
fairy. "She shall live there with Prince
Charming, the man whom she loves."
said the fourth. "She shall speak many
tongues," said the fifth. "Yes." sni<l the
sixth, "and sh«- shall travel in many lands
and the people shall love anrl admir<
h«r." "But they mi^ht not." said the
seventh fairy, "If I do not give her the
power to play divinely upon the most
musical of instruments." "Oho." said the
eighth fairy, "what Is the voice of an
instrument? I will do better than that; I
will give her a voice of her own of crys
tallized sunbeams, and there is nothing
she can have better in all the wide world."
"Ye*," said the ninth, a serious fairy,
"that Is a. great gift, and she ha"f? been en
dowed with many good things, but I will
give her something without which she
would not be worthy of all those gift*.
without which she would not be able to
make the best use of them and become a.
great artist ar.d '•*■ good woman. 1 will
give her the ability to work and without
this the cannot obtain any of the Rood
things that have been promised her."
And all the eight falrlf* were sorrowful,
but the ninth fairy wa* right, for there
was never a great artist or a. gn-a! woman
■who did not put forth every effort, in the
race lor life. That wan the ri-ason thai
Mttle Marcella Kokhansky, or Scmbrich,
*.* *h* cum to be known later, began to
study the piano when *h«» was four, the
vioMn when she wax six; later spent much
lime in developing a. voice of "crystallized
hu;, beams," and now has all the good
gifts that the fairies promised to the lit
tle cirt in Wisnewszyk.
Perhaps Mmr. Sembrich would say that
she owes "her beautiful voice, or at leant
itu power*, to her good luck in being
Bdvtaed to go to Milan, where fine studied
the bel canto under the younger Um
perti. Certainly uhe hag great admiration
for and faith In the benefits of the old
Italian art of. Kinging, and uho may well
have, for a clever critic calls her "the
moit eminent living exponent of the 'bvl
canto.' " The flexibility of the voice* of
Botne of the older artists, the wide range
of their repertoires. Mme. Sembrich cred
its r... the bel <anto, and the inability of
th? younger singers to use their voices
after a few years of work she believes is
because; of the lack of exercise, the lack
of those vocal gymnastics which the Ital
ian opera gives. But she loves the Italian
oprra also for itself alone.
-.There; win be a reaction in favor of
Italian opera." Mme. Sembrich said the
other day. speaking in her pretty English,
which has a charming but indescribable
accent, an accent which muy bt remin
iscent of the- Polish, Russian. German.
French or Italian, or all of them. "When
the people hear it they like It." she went
on. "In Germany in the spring we had
a course of Italian opera; we had full
houses always and the people were do
!Igh!»d. Y
"Everything now Is Wagner and the de
'•lamatory style of music, and the young
*!n?cr.« must take up Wagner immediate
ly. What is the result? In a year or two
they have no volce3. It requires the Ital
ian opera, the. bel canto, to develop the
voice properly, td give It a wide range of
"As a musician I believe In Wagner as
the higher type of music, but then there
is the beautiful melody and air In the Ital
ian opera. Take Lehmann; remember how
long she has been singing- and see what
a wonderful voice she has. She sings
Wagner, but she also sings 'Norma.' She
h«s ha«l the practice. In the Italian school.
Take then De Reszke. He sings Wagner,
but he sings as well Romeo. There are
other KinjrerH who may sing Wagner, but
who cannot King anything else. If they'
should give here the Italian opera with
many artlKts. not with one, as Mclba or
Kanv.-H or Lehmann. but a full cast, I am
sure the people would be pleased."
These thoughts come In the nine busy
months of the year when Mme. Sembrich
Jk simply Mme. Sembrich the artist, who
thinks and lives and alng« only music.
She ha* beautiful apartments In a hotel,
rooms fragrant with the flowers sent by
her many admirers, arid with only pic
tures of her real home to remind her of
It, and some of the treasures from It, sou
venirs of her life as an artist, autographs
of the famous men and women she has
known. She keeps the greater number of
the latter at her home In Dresden, though
a few are always with her on her travels,
those in the big autograph album which
is not yet filled.
The world does not know so much ot
Mme. Sembrich at her home, for there
«he Is only the woman and the mother..
That Is what she says of herself. It is
an Immense house in a beautiful part of
THE SUNDAY CALL.
the city— ft mansion wmch a fairy god
n.othcr might well describe as a palace.
It has u. largo garden around It. where
the prima. lionna sits sometimes during
the three months when she rests entirely.
She studies the "greut nature," then vis
its the art museum of Dresden and hardly
thinks of music. • - ■ .
For six or, eight weeks she *oes not
sing a note. Her voice has an entire rest.
Then she begins to practice a little— for
an hour u day perhaps, but then only
for tlve minutes at n. time and no more.
For three months she Is a happy woman,
living as quietly as any woman in pri
vate life, and with only one wish ungratl
fied. ■'■■ ■' ' ' Y ; -■'-.•'". ' *
The illustrations show the exterior of
the house in Dresden and two rooms in
the interior, two special favorites of Mme.
Ccmbrlch, pictures which sho takes with
her when she is traveling. The larger
room is the drawing-room. At the right,
in the rear. Is the big cabinet of Meissen
porcelain, where is kept Mme. Sembrlch's
wonderful collection of autographs. The
smaller room is Mme. Sembrich'a own
private sitting-room, and on the wall
hangs a portrait of the singer by Len
bach, the great painter, whose portraits
of Bismarck and the* Emperor Wllhelm
der Grosse are so well known.
This autograph collection is wonderful;
it la really a collection of tributes to
Mme. Sembrich's genius and from artists
of all kinds.' There are some 500 auto
graphs altogether. One of these is that
of Wagner, with a screed from his pen
upon ' the bel canto, and another is that
of Beethoven. But those among the later
ones In the collection which Mme. Sem
brich has with her are from people of
such note that he is a happy mortal who
has an opportunity to' see them.' The In
terest in them is increased by the poems,
sketches, bars of music or paintings that
accompany them, each according to the
bent of its author's genius. -
The book opens with one « of the most'
effective of the contributions, a pen and
ink sketch of a mamcioth lion by Paul
Meyerhelm. a celebrated animal painter,
who has written beneath In German
words to 'the effect that this savage son
of the' wilderness now hears >"the sweet
tones of thy voice," which the artist who
created him has heard long since. The
autograph follows. • .
.Brahms, the composer, wrote on a por
trait which h© Bent "to the great art
ist." with his heartfelt admiration, and in
the book a few bars cf music. "To the
Incomparable artist from your affection
ate Hans von Bulow," wrote that great
musician, and Adclina' Patti has in
scribed in the album, :'To my dear friend
Marcella. Sembrich, with pleasant . re
membrances," while near is a bar of music
from Schumann, with the autograph of
Clara Schumann, who writes "to Fruu
Marcella Sembrich with wondering and
heartfelt remembrance of. her finished '
art.". • ■■>' v ..' " : : .Y,' . ;;l*. ,
.There are all nationalities and all lan
guages In the book, which is a handsome
volume, large. and square, and next comes
another pen and ink sketch from a Polish
artist, dedicated as It reads translated.
"To . my lovely Marcella," by Josef
Brandt.. It Is the head of a horse, ex
cellently done, ; and beside, the animal a
rough looking peasant m native costume.
The painter. Lenbach . has given a most
Interesting. If not altogether artistic, pro
duction.'There are hmt the beer mugs,
to which all Munich is devoted. Then
above appears ■ the nn.iaa aiarcella Sem-
brich. Above tr.e iww appears tae «tra'»
rays, the voice of the prima donna, which
lifts the city from its grosser enjoyment
to higher thlngra. That Is something of
the parable the artist has roughly
sketched. It Is this same Lenbach.wLo
painted the picture of Mine. Sembrich'*
sitting room. '. •
There Is a pen and Ink sketch of a
sculptured head by "Welanslcl. the Polish,
sculptor, who writes also several verses
besides his name. One of the treasures
of the collection is a bar of music, with
a few admiring words from Johann
Strauss to "Der TJnverghelchHchen gen
ialen Kunstlerin Fran Marcella Sembrich
In HochverefcrungA'on ihrem Bewunderer
Johann Strauss," in the delicate hand
writing of the composer.
Rubir stein writes In addition to his
name a bar from one of his romances
which Mine. Sembrich sings so frequent
ly. Von Moltke. the celebrated general,
appears in the album, his name written
on a card as it wa3 left at one time when #•
he called upon the prima donna, and Al
bert Benoes has put in the book a charm
ing water color painting. An interesting
page is that of the Russian painter, T.
Alwasawsky. He has had a large photo
graph of himself taken sitting in his
studio with his palette in his hand by the
side of a picture in a heavy frame. In
side the frame the photograph has been
cut away and the artist has painted in
colors a little marine view. Jan V. Chel
minskl has painted a full-page picture In
water colors of a Polish soldier on horse
back, and Bobroft has painted perhaps
the most beautiful contribution in the.
book and the most charming sentiment.
Just above the center of the page is the
face of a cherub, a child's head In water *
colors beautiful In drawing and exquisite
in delicate coloring. "* The artist's • nama
is I below and in the corner the words,
"The angel is an echo of the voice of
Marcella Sembrich." That is an Ideal
compliment. . ,.
Moritz Moszkowskl writes a bar of music
from one of his compositions in the album
of the "unequaled artiat," and Herman.
Sudermann a few lines entirely, character- •
istlc of; the man. VTljere can be no fear of .
the wrath of God or of the Judgment." he
writes, "while one can hear a human ■
voice like yours in song."
Eduard Haslich. ' the great critic of .
Vienna and professor of music, writes to .
"Marcella. Philomela." In the words of
Schiller, that than the beautiful aongs from
her. sweet throat nothing more beautiful ,
can be found in form or spirit.. Joachim
asks that among all his admiring com
panions In the book ho may be held by the -
violinist, pianist and "last but not least" 1
—those words In English— In pleasant re
membrance.
;.There is a bar of music from Verdi's" \
"Traviata": Paderewskl follows "with a;
bar from an opera of hid composition. Carl
' Goldmark adds his name . for the "alia \
herrllchste Mme. Sembrich": there Is. the *
Viennese sculptor, P. v. Zumbusoh, Ho«
rawskl of St. Petersburg and any number14
DO yen *"n~pm M kmw hoT ;. ortnr;
inters are trMigrt to sins thes
day f ?
IVf'.:. If yea «ion"t you are cer
tainly :vhind ijse tirrcs. at'.d the
- vt-ry f:*t ThJrp ywu <htuld «Jo is ta —is't
s»ny cue of t!-:e iauagwa schools that iir«_
<'ott. a so tliivli'y ever :n* city. It will re
pay ycu for y :-ur trouV.e and cp?-n yciir
pjpts not r. I'itlc,
Toy retrcmVor h^w you «I!tid«e«1
rntisic? Of ecutfe. vou do. It wa-j t i»
c!d-fr..~hicrcd rattbo£ of pittin? «n a
stool shorn two ff^t ?o hi?h for you ani
sayir.?. "Key of C. O. D. E. F,~ ar.d fo
or.. Everything «a< :— arrrr'*! Into your
head until your brain tss al< in a v.Vi!.
I fcr.ow all atcut it. for I've been thrw^h
the agony.
To-day it If entirely different. The pa
ji'5 are not asked to understand ar»'
thins: they are mereiy rertierted to p^y
rtrJrt attention to the teacher. In other
v.rr£?. they learn hy ri^ht. Their ey*s
take 5a what their brains do not grasp.
I Trent from «rheo; 10 school with Mis?
Estelle Carpenter. Fupcrvisor of music in
th«? public schools. The minute *Y.» <v
rerrd the room every child In the piece
fcobtcd up and yelled 'js'.Hy. "Gooo'-ina-Ti
1ns-. yiir-s Carrcatcr." and an urtmiFtatt
%«fck- rrin spread over «v«?ry face. That in
'itself was significant, tor the music teach
er is usual!" toi*ratea— that is all.
Without the comma rid books went dowi
end backs ■went up. Every one- sat tip fis
straight as a roldicr at "cttrntion." Sui
denly the children commenced to breaths
deeply: not in that shoulder-moving, pain
ful fashion, but a «-egular in-and-out.
Then, with r.o warning- whatever, nil com
menced to sing.
When I turned to Miss Carpenter In
wonderment I found mat she was busily
engaged. To all appearance It -was a
mysterious deaf ar.d dumb alphabet. She
raised one hand and then the other,
epread her arms far tpart, turned her
wrist In one direction and then £n another
end then clapped her palms softly to
gether. And all this time the children
were tinging a tune to the accompan
tsent of her bands.
She held her hand ose way for one 3'.
vieion of tb« room, and the other sans an
entirely different strain.' After a few
notes the strain took cr. a familiar air,
and soon "Ar.nlc L,aurie" filled the rooir.
The funniest part of it all was that the
s Isgcrs were perfectly unconscious that
they were humming anything that they
had ever heard. They were simply fol
lowing Miss Carpenter'/ hands.
Tur.e after tune followed her hands,
and never once was It anything frivolous
or foolishly light. Mendelssohn's "Dulla
by" would have pleased even the most
fastidious. The babies were not over 8,
but no one could accuse* them of having
a "throaty" or a "nasal" tone,
Bfforc they began Miss Carpenter cau
tioned them not to sing too loudly. "Re
w!tii,'r. the baby wants to eo to sleep,
and if you make too niuch nolze he won't
dolt. Just whirper it" And they. did.
.All the while they were rocking an Imag
inary baby to sleep In their arms, and
mhr.n the last note died away every eye
was on the sleeping child.
Tl:at is the the supervisor teaches
muck:. She wants her pupils to feel first
of all. After that all comes easy, nhe
»aye: "It Is Impossible to crowd their
little heads, but when you appeal to thfctr
err?, they are remarkably quick to un
dcrftnr;d."
• A teacltcr told me an amusing story. A
rirall boy bad been visiting: his grand
xneiher for some time. When he returned
r-e found a. baby sister installed in his
place. Just about that time the little
titles had taken it Into her head to scream
zt.A Dickie watched her with considerable
crxlety.
"Why, mother, At she keeps on hollerin*
like that, she'll burst her vocal chords,
end then nhe can't never sing. Let's stop
her »nd show her how to do it right," he
said.
"Yon see," said Miss Carpenter, "in lit
tle ways I find out that the idea Is
grasped. That email boy is no wiser than
the rest of his classmates, but he under
stood that something was radically
wrens/*
,-\n>" chick belcxv the fourth grade can
tell you all about "\-ocal chords." "tone?," 1
"pure," "nasal" and "feeling." A little Is
taught at a time, but the children are not
required to rrmember any cf it. After
several r-"pctfticns ihry scorn to know it.
In fart, they seem always to Sieve known
it.
And that Is the secret o[ the super
visor's soccers.
She tells in story fashion that which
appeals to them and rays nothing about
storing it away. ChUd-Uke they remem
ber the stcry and v.lth It the truths that
wore carefully interwoven.
The yystcm used is known as the "tonic
sol-fa." and It Is Its extreme simplicity
that rr.akep It so easily understood nnd
followed. It i« built upon the idea that
good music has always an elevating in
fluence, and that all children, unless phy
sically imporfeot. can be taught to sin*;
sweetly instead of rattling off a tune any
old way.
The tones of the scale are mastered in
the very beginning. Not from a black
board, however, or even from printed pic
tures, but from the varying positions of
his teacher's hand connected with her
softly modulated voice. The tones are
pure and full long before the pictured clef
and staff could be comprehended. The
"hand Elgns" "or sign language" is used
with the best results even In the lowest
grades.
".Low do and "high do" are conquered
first, and then the other notes are Intro
duced day after day until they are all
very familiar. After a certain amount cf
practice the pupils understand the teach
er's movements so well that she is able
to play on them as she would on a key
board.
The most surprising part of it Is the
way they go unfaltering up and down the
scale. They secrn unconscious of every
thing but those hands, those ever rest-
Ices hands.
The "motion sonss" belong exclusively
to the little people. Firat Miss Carpenter
tells them the story and then she asks
them what motions they think would be
appropriate. After ' many suggestions
they finally agree. Sometimes they fall
to agree and then each one makes
the motions that seem to him ■ to
Interpret the words best. When they sing
the "Red, White and niue" the arms fly
wildly through the air with so .much vigor
that foreign countries had better think
twlco about getting Into trouble with us
some twenty years hence.
One of the favorite songs is "Grandpa.
Come and Dance with Me." Up come the
tiny skirts and there are all kinds of
pirouetting and fancy steps. The hands
arc held out Invitingly to "Grandpa," and
there are many coaxing gestures to In
veigle one to Join the merry dance.
"Daisies fair are nursery maids with
frills upon their caps. The daisy bud«
are little babes they tend upon their
laps."
This seems to bring out more Individ
ual characteristics than,! anything else.
The fingers pantomimically show the be
ruffled maids and the befuddled . babies.
Xbe chorus shows by the swaying artng
TEACHING THE
LITTLE ONES
TO
SING
and bedlcs how "the wind sweeps low"
until at last "both daisies and babies are
nodding Just no." ; ; :;<■ * •: '-.
The old<r children go deeper into music.
Not by »ote at first, but by the "han<1
Icuguace." They sing the "Holy City."
and with a feelinB that many singer*
utterly lack. All the old folk pongs are
lc&rned as a matter of course, for MU?
Carpenter believes that they should b<
fanjHiar to every child In the . land.
, At one school the children were run-,
nlng to a merry tune, the Men being to
make them understand time. According
to the tune, they vary their steps. All
nt onc'O' Mist; Carpenter etopped them
with an uplifted hand and remarked. "I
wonder If 'anybody knows what I have
been singing?" . v
Up went several hand*.
"Well, what is It?" asked the super
visor.
"I don't know what thg name Is, but
my grandfather has a music-box and It
plays that very tune," piped one Infant.'
"I know, I know," answered another.
"Well, Johnnie, tell us what It !«."
"Oh, that's the Toreador's song from
'Carmen.* I heard that sung a lot o*
times." .. ■'■ . : ; - '. '■■ ■ ■']'. V ;: '- ■■'.•'■ ' ■■'■'•- \ ; \ ■-'■
That's the wisdom, of ninth : grade
youngsters. Not even grand opera Is be
yond ttfem. With the utmost unconcern
they bob up' and tell what Is what. ;
At another school we trjed them at. the
same thing. The principal was curious
to know whether . her children could do
as well. -The: same air was sung to the
same running scheme and then the same
question was asked. Instantly up went
WHAT PAINT ON THE
INDIANS FACE MEANS
PEOPL.K in general have been content
to look upon the Jndtan'H adornment
of his head with eagle feathers
and his face with paint as marks
of personal decoration inspired by vanity
ani a savage taste, : different only in
degree from what is sometimes witnessed
among highly civilized people, says a
writer in the Washington Times.: But tho
fact Is that, In,^reference to the latter
custom, for Instance, every - paint mark
on an Indian's face has a sort of heraldic
meaning, Implying 1 ot . only the' honors
won by the bravo ln_pcrnon; but repre
senting also the claims of his family and
race to distinction. In other words, what
Is shown among mor: cultured communl-
THE SUNDAY CALL.
MetHOD OP;
MUSIC HAS
WON SRSAT
WTTH
HI PUPTUS.
*?veralf pnlrs of chubby hands,' and . th«*
seme nnower was volunteered. Bo that
p'rjnves conclusively that the small peo
ple of our schools are more than pass
ingly acquainted with the greater operas
thnt are making such a stir at present.
The beauty of the whole thing- Is the
pleasure that is found In It. To be sure,
they are learning that which will be In
valuable to them In after years, but their
perfect naturalness, their unstudied grace 1
and their , complete mental absorption Is
thn matter In hand. Not a single chick
or child intho room looks cross, dull or
discouraged. Not one has that wound
up-nnd-sct-golng expression. It Is not a
question of "showing off," but of doing*
the. very best to please the teacher.
There is 'a delicht in the hearts of all
our boys and girls, and If each and every
chick falls to love music of every descrip
tion It certainly Is not the fault. of our
public schools. MADGK MOORE.
tlea by coats of arma, orders and decora
tions Is , depleted by the Indian on bis
face by means of pigments. ;;-.■:
BolctitlBts arc now engaged, among
"t>ier novel Investigations concerning the
North American Indian, In compiling a
record of the armorial, or rather < facial,
bearings of pertain celebrated chiefs, and
It Is said : to bo fascinating ..work. . On«
renowned 'warrior, for Instance, will liavo
hlaj lip . painted a* copper red. This 1 Is i
found to indicate that his tribe was onc«
Jn posntHulon of Jiugo mines of copper.
Another individual will have his forehead
adorned with a painting of a certain flsh,
thus Implying that he or his people ara
renowned for prowess In catching fish. -
The came dlntlngulshed person nornotlmes
wearo o disk of ; pearl In addition to hit;
paint .mask. This; by its shlmcierini;
radiance and its form, implies that hn is
descended, from the moon, In the senso *
that the- goddess of night is ono of his
ancestors. .:'■■' r ■...■■■■....- .....■■'-.:■. -■■■,■■•.■
The fact that the Indian has no con
ception of perspective seriously handicaps '
tho success of his efforts at pictorial art.
maeea, tne maian limner merely aims to
showjhe most characteristic portion of
the objoct he attempts to depict, unless
he- be a man of ■ great attainment, in
which case be divides or dissects the sub
tep, 0'. h»» .Picture and represents the
whole by its parts, the latter being
arranged entirely Irrespective of the
natural sequence.
Every object presented has its own
particular significance, and one of the
most peculiar phases of face painting
relates to the employment of forms other
than animal— tools. Implements of the
chase or ot war. denoting the occupation
of the lndlvldul or his tribe.WHY THE SCOTCH
CELEBRATE
ST. ANDREW'S DAY
AND SOME
OF THE CURIOUS
CUSTOMS THEY
OBSERVE.
BT. AXDREWS DAT S<)NG.
Words fcy TTIlltajn McO»car. Music by
Mrs. J. C Fyfe.
(Cccspesed for the SL Andrew's Society
cf £*a Francisco, Cal.
Axain the hallowed day returna.
A fiay t» Jriend^Mc de*r:
jlriia «"e come to ireet Uie Mint
CI Scotland witJi eood cheer.
The worW-wlfle famed St. Andrew,
Tree rsardiaa of our land!
He wreaxbea the bowl witb harmony
A-<! orens heart and hand.
The fiasatlew Brace and Wallace wight
Our worthy ealst Inspired,
AtA many a ncble patriot since
T*"Ith k\«tt ha» b* £red.
Tbe world-wide fainsd St. Andrew,
etc
Asfi while we mosra the memory
Cf these who ra«s away.
Hay fceavea through him ruttaln a race
Klfbt tardr for life's fray.
Th» ■wrr'.d-itjae rained 5t. Andrew,
etc
Fcr 5cotla24'a we*!, her worth and
n«£ht
No nation can calnfay.
L«t hcr.or ever keep the key
Of cli St. Andrew** day:
Tfc» world-wide famed St. Andrew,
etc.
SATXT AXDRETTS Day and
-a' VTha Honor It."
St. Andrew is to Scotlandiwh.it
St. Patrick is to Ireland. He Is
< their patron saint- St. Andrew's
oay. the thirtieth of November. Is cele
brsted by Scotchmen the ■world over In
r<*gclat!oa ScrfJsh manner— the pipers
trith their baepir*?. the Scottish dances,
the rational toasts and an occasional
"we* nippy" of Scotch whisky.
The San Francisco SU Andrew's Society.
tho7:ch Ecparared by many miles from the
"Lard c' Cakrs." still holds to the ancient
custom of ce'ebration. for wherever the
Scot may be. his love and veneration for
his father'and is shown in the honor he
tr.anift-sts for the traditions and customs
of h:? forefathers. On St. Andrew's day
the fires cf enthusiasm are rekindled in
hrs heart as he leans back and listens to
the songs of a Burns or the tales of a
Scott.
Centuries afro It usrd to b« tn« custom
to honor St. Andrew's day by a stag ban-
Q'jet- A. long list of toasts were drunk
and each had to b» duly honored.
By virtue of the confusing Influence of
the "hot Scotch" with which they always
toast. "Here's to St. Andrew's Society"
became "Here's to Standrew's 8'siety"
end later "Here's ," followed by a
ART NEWS OF THE WEEK
OJfE making a note of the private
galleries In America, regardless of
where they may be, either In New
York or San Francisco, will be
forced to repeat the much worn
a~d tiresome remark that home peopl*
a'« not appreciated, for the lack of local
representatives In private galleries Is
anaxlns. New Yorkers have aniong their
collections an occasional San Francisco
picture, which they show with the sanw
prlfie with which the European products
are brought forth. _
San Franciscans show the pictures of
clever New Yorkers, and place their work
e!3e by eld* of foreign masters,
but It will b« found that la either of the
two places mentioned, and they represent
all the United States, the work of a local
artist Is generally pot In a corner and not
noticed at alL
Now, considering that Americans should
have our nation's characteristic trait of
Independence, why not be original, why
not branch out and love art for art's
sake? If an unknown man to an obscure
comer of the earth produces a master
piece, which Is sometimes the case, why Is
not that work of equal value, and more.
£sr be Is our countryman, than a foreign
painting of only the same merit? True It
«s that a catalogue with here and there
the name of Van Dyke, of Rembrandt, of
Velasquez or of Rubens Is a very satisfy
ing bit of paper to show one's friends, as
a representation of the art In one's col
li'-lon, but one must also consider that
these great masters were once students,
and that their earlier work, snatch draw-
Ings, study sketches and Indifferent bits,
the failures upon which they gradually
etepped to greatness, are not a whit bet
ter than some of our etudents can do.
U those masters were living they would
laugh to socm and decline to -show, ex
cept as a joke, some of their earlier ef
fort*, but all these, upon the death of the
raster, wr* gathered up from the dust
r^rcTed attics and studio corners, put on
the market by shrewd and world-wise
dealers, and uold for fabulous prices;
many of them coming to our country.
Buying a tignature is all right; only be
consistent and eay. "Here Is So-and-so's
signature"; but when one says, as I have
h'-ard It remarked, that It is Irreverent to
mention the meritorious work of an un-
Itnown artist, in comparison lo an in
different sketch from an old master,
which was only put on the market and
r--ld at nil when the man who painted It
was dead and could not help himself, is
nonsense. No artist ever turned out mas
terpieces from his Infancy. No human be-
Jng Is always at concert pitch, and, more
n.vf-r. genius Is not confined to any age,
*;♦" modern painters can sometimes profit
trA the experiences of thoee who have
s;oce before.
It !e a pleasure to note this fact, taken
from the history of American art. Youn/
ST. ANDREW'S
SOCIETY
TO ST. ANDREW.
Gude Andrew! r»trrn Mint o' Scots,
Thr favour w wart share.
Frao CaHowa' to John o' Groats.
O«r kin *re In thy care.
But we hae wandered far frae hama
An* failed acres? the sea.
Tet we wad ca* upon tHv name,
Kor a* true Scots ere wp.
We ine*t. as ams o' yon brave land.
As hrtther?. ane rii' a';
We cie to thorn a heli>ln«: hand.
Whas' bucks ar» at the wa". .
An' they, trha hirp'c 'lanB the road.
Aweary, wl* their woe.
W* case them o" thrlr heavy load.
An' cheer them as they eo.
stuttering sound of "S" and a gurg'.e from
under the table.
Lucky for the Scotchman that on the*?
occasions he was not blessed with tlint
second sight that Bobby Burns speaks of—
O. wa«l Feme nower the Riftle pie us
To see ourscls as Uhers ffp us.
Now in San Krancicco the sent'*?, re
fining- influence of the softer sex Is ffit
at these celebrations. The toast list has
diminished to a few, but there arc three
toasts always honored— the loyal* to;\>t.
the patriotic toast and the toast of the
evening.
The loyal toast for half a century hns
been drunk to the Queon. This year it
whs drunk in sllpncr. white a prayer
ascended to the God of AH to protect
and guide him who has taken her place.
The patriotic toast is ofTored to out
President. This also was drunk In
silence, for both tho President and ili«
Queen have "slipped awa* " since last St.
Andrew's day.
Then the toast of the evening. "The
l>ay and a* Wha Honor It." was drunk
with Highland honors, one foot on tho
table, the other on the chair.
A stalwart piper marching: up and down
the corridors playing the national a!rs
was the first thins that caught the car
and eye of the guest bound for tho ban
quet. The guest was marched in to the
reception committee and mri<3<» to feel at
home. These gatherings arc like large
family reunions.
At the time appointed, the company
formed in line and to the sound of th-»
bagpipes marched into the banquet room,
where, when all are seated, a hit*: ■•sin,'; was
solemnly asked by the chaplain. The munu
always contains some characteristic Scotch
dishes, such as cock-a-Icckie. hotchpotch,
scones or oat cakes, and the ncillonnl
dish, the haggis. The hapsir. is bjrne on
the shoulders of a walfr preceded by a
piper playing "The Cock of the North."
It Is borne around the room and at last
placed before the president or host uf ih.»
evening:, who proceeds to "cut it up wi"
ready clelght." while Burns' "Address to
a Hassis" is rec'tod.
The haggis is ' tearfully and wonder
fully made." It Is a conglomeration of
heart, liver, kidneys and other internal
organs chopped with onions, parsley anil
oatmeal; the whole boded for hours in
the stcrr.arh of a sh°rp. T<) the true
Scotch palate the haggis Is delicious. -H<r
who asks for a secona helping is inarktil
as one who is the real thing.
San Francisco has a St. Andrews So
ciety of no mean proportion and preten
sion, whose motto is: "Our ain ills ay:
hae streneth to bear, anither's aye hae
heart to feel."
The St. Andrew's Society is one of the
richest benevolent fraternal societies on
the coast. It is an aristocrat In our cos-
as our country Is and as little as we are
supposed to know about rrt in comparison
with European countries and people, tno
truth, Furprislng as It may be, is that
many of the rare c!d paintings in Enp
land to-day were purchased In New York.
Sixty or more years ago there were In
New York men who appreciated and wero
true patron* of art, consequently for a
time America was the great market for
old paintings, which were sent here by
the bal« from all portions of Europe. It
Is stated that on*? auction-house alone In
New York durlni? forty years' time solil
over 1 .000,009 pictures.
English dealer* kept agents here to pur
chase desirable canvases as they appeared
In tlie sales. Consequently many of the
rpfi paintings in that land of the haw
thorn, also some that now hang In the
National Gallery, were bought in this way.
This also accounts for the occasional rara
old masterpiece that now and then crops
up In this country. For although many
of those large consignments were rub
bish, there were some few that If put on
ealo to-day would net thousands of dol
lars.
These cloudy, misty days are decidedly
bad for studio work, for the light Is poor,
but It is haying time for sketching gray
day effects. It is almost an everyday oc
currence to sic artists, like duck hunters,
favor tho marshes on rn.'ny days, for their
green beauty Is enhanced twofold with a
eoft atmosphere.
G. Cadenasso is particularly fond of this
weather, and he can often be seen sally
ing forth armed with immense sketching
umbrella and painting paraphernalia lo
ctudy his beloved eucalyptus. Perhap-i
this study from nature is the er-crct of tho
rapid strides this artist hae made.
0. P. Neilson. the water colorist, Is
making some studies ol San Francisco as
viewed from an elevation. He hus chosen
Telegruph Hill, and he says that the ef
fect Is enchanting and somewhat Vene
tlan-llke from that point of view. /
Maren Frollch has returned from the
fibasta country, and'has brought with her
a. number of good sketches. The most
popular ballet girls, from Mlas Frocllch'n
brush, are chic In pose, beautiful in co'
oring and good sellers, too: but a 'wood
interior, full of poetry and feeling, makci
one wish she would do more in landscape.
One of tho bc«t canvases seen this season.
Is a large figure of a Japanese singing
girl, by Ada Romcr Shawhan. This pict
ure In attractive In the particularly eaay
pose and airy grace of tho subject, who
KtundH with chin tilted, smiling delicious.
ly. apparently pleapcd with the melody
which Khe draws from the mandolin he'd
high in her arms. The picture is excep
tionally good In drawing and pleasing In
color. , -
A canvas that Is attracting the atten
tion of the local artists and critics Is a
picture In W. Morris' gallery on flutter
street* a marine by Manuel Valencia. The
subject Is taken from Monterey. In the
foreground, to the left, rises high In all
its iridescent beauty a sandbank, upon
which cling one or two scracgly trees,
tnopolitan ccmmonwealth. One must
/have blood to belong to the St. Andrew's
—pure Scotch blood. A wise provision of
the constitution, however, makes eligible
to membership the immediate descendant*
of Scotchmen. It tickles the nutionn! van-
Sty of the Ft- Androwitps to flnd bo many
icady to nssert tiicir ancestral reJation
ship.
"They're 23 Scotc'.i «s If they'd been
born in the old ■■.country," declared tho
secretary, as he looked ovrr the Ion? list
of ScotMj names on his book. There v/ere
the Campbells, i-e Duglasses. tho Dun
cans, the Hosspb, the Gregorj'*. the Me-.
Donalds, the StewartSv ; .^. :: >C/''Vi. rv.>;;;
"Some of our most encrgetlff membf.rB
have never seen Scotland. They come
from Canada. Prince Edward Ibicnd and
Nova Scotia. < ney ore : descendants of .
Scotch and thoy are more Scotch, so to
Fpeak. lhan these hern lit the land of*
thflr fathers. To them Scotlnnd Is an .
ideal land. Fam'.ly traditions have kept
alive Its history and pcetry and In many
cftsos its Gaelic laniruage. They are
Scotch in ideal and in spirit,"
Early In tho rlstlcs the- hoot men of
the West felt that amon? the swarming
< rowds th»y would like to "ken their aln
folk." "We meet wl' a' the ends o' the
• nrth here, man." The prestige "o" lang
syne" cave assurance that they would
welcome a union of the clans whether
they were in the mining camp or upon
the exchange. ; :
As the. old lady Judiciously ' remarked.
"There is nye something before kissing
among decent folk"; bo the idea of giv
ing to the sons of Caledonia Bojournlns
upon the Pnclflc '■ slope on Individuality
by unltine them Sn some genial bond was
often dfscuescd In social crack beforfl it
was formally brought to the notice of
the public.-" « * . """■£'**
whore wind tossed branches turn toward
land. The water, unmarked by boat or
; sol rolls Lindward, the swell rising In
Rrccn transparency and breaking into a
wonderful shower of misty spray. A
.-;lu^'jjiah sky. with Slow-moving gray
clouds, rises overhead. It is a masterly
piece of work, and as one prominent artist
remarked, it is full of snap. Tho tcch
niquo is excellent, tho movement of the
water wonderful, and altogether It is a
picture likely to bring this comparatively
unknown artist into immediate promi
nence." ■". : :: .- ". ; ",. .,',/ - "-, ■ :
There arc a ccuple of canvases In the
same gallery by II. W. Hanson, the cele
brated portrayer of frontier life. They
arc water colors, but are strong enough
for oil. Ono noticeably fine Is a canvas
with a single figure well to the fore
ground, that of a mounted cowboy Just in
the act of hurling the lasso. The action
in splendid. The horse comas trarlnp down
tho slope, almost out of the canvas, nos
trils dilated, every muscle quivering with
excitement and exercise; the foreshorten
ing hero Is noticeably good. The rider tuts
hl:s sombrero pulled well over his face,
which is ruddy from sunburn but set with
an expression of determination. Tho dust
rises in a cloud, tho atmosphere Is that
of a hot day on the Arizona desert. Ilan
scn's work in frontier life has made him
a big name In New York. ' H
There is always a new picture of merit
In the gallery of S. Gump, on Geary
street. A large canvas from H. Tlmmer
man has Just been received from Ant
werp. It is entitled "A Drawn Discus
sion." Two old men, with characteristic
student faces, sit on either side of a tablo
littered with empty bottled and over
turned glasses. Tho spectacles ■ of one
have fallen over his nose, the other smiles
In hl3 snatch of «leep. He evidently was
the victor in the war of opinions. A top
light, from nn old Flemish window, fullu
across the ; faces and streaks : the rug.
Timmerman la .certainly a colorist for
gorgeous color run in harmonious riot, if
that expression is permissible. It Ih an
especially finished piece of work In every
detail. Tho pattern and texture 'of the
tapestry, of the rug. the carving of the
chairs, Is all brought out minutely.
Mr. Gump has also a recent canvas
from George Laugee, who was this year
made a member, of the Legion of Honor
and knighted by the French Government.
This is a brothcr-ln-law and an occupant
of the same studio of the well-known
landscape painter, Julian Duprc. A pic
ture, a wood Interior, by A. Jacomln, is
one of tli? bent things shown. There In a
freshness of nature, tho poetry and mys
tery of the virgin wood. Perhaps the hl»;h
est compliment that can be paid to this
work is that all the local artists take oc
caplonnl pilgrimages to this gallery to see
and study ft. It is exceptionally, flno In
color; for it has that . rich, wonderful
green of nature which is so difficult to ob
tain. ■ ■ -V-i'-V:--.- ; . ::.■ :■■■■■- - : •-..■.■
The finishing touches have been put on
the pictures of the Bohemian Club exhi
bition and most of tho artists are happy,
for as each man was warned that the
weeding out this time would be unusually
revere, only that which was almost sure
to pass muster was submitted, conse
quently almost everything -sent was ac
cepted and the committee say that 'the
exhibition Is unusually flno. : ,
HARRIET QUIMBY.
THE SUN DAY-CALL.
An hictorlc trait of character was mani
fested when discussing what name should
be given to the society. Saint Andrew
whs rot by any means "cock o' the walk."
Sober browed Presbyterians scowled at
the mention of htm. Ills traditionary re
lationship to Scotland us its patron saint
availed but little.. The mundane "power
conferred upon Andrew and his "brlther
saints" by the papacy Imperiled his elec
tion. It was an outcome— refreshingly
quaint, considering time and place— of
that spirit and hurrior which found vent
in the "Gude and Gorille Ballates" of the
sixteenth century: .. : - ,;. .-'•'' '/ '■ 'l"\
The Palp, that r«c«n full of prj'de, ,
He hc« v« bllndit lant: >.' .-.-"■■■. v^;f^
Kor qulmlr the blind the blind dole ffj'do ;'•■'.■
.: • Na wonder thay k& wrant. '.."■
Lyke prince nml kins h« Ie«l the rlagr
Of all Inlnulte. ; ;; . " : .
Hay trll. tryjne no trl«; :
[ ■■■Vn<Jer the srene wod.-treer,,'-.. : -.-r:<***- ;: •;.:>;
The connection of {, St. ; Andrew? with/
Scotland Is largely mythical. .Tradition
says that h!s remains were brought from
Achala to Scotland by Regulus and de
posited In the cathedral which has since'
borne his name.,-'. ' v-'.-V • ', <'■";>.'■ .. V':
Another tradition says .that the across
of St. Andrew (tho crvx decissata> «p
pcared In the heavens \o. the King of tb-9 '■-.
Scots "on the eve of battle, when he wrn :
praying: for victory. The King of the
IMi-ts eays.lt also appeared to him on. th)
same occasion. The next day they Joincl
their forces and fought with such confi
dence and might that 'Athelstone was
forced to retreat. Ther the Kings of the
Scots and the Picts walked barefooted to
the kirk of St. Andrew. Herd they vowe<l
to adopt the cross of St. Andrew as the'r
natlonal emblem. ; V ; . ■ ■'.-!• . '•■.■■: ■■' '■'•::{-■■''■'■. '<■'-. : J:
"l*'s a far cry to Ban Francisco; but
hcrc'jj ta< ye. " This congratulatory tele
..gram was received at the banquet from
'the mother country. '.>'; ' \' S "»-? ; Y
Poems wr" ten . for the occasion wero
read and a 8t. Andrew's day eons suns
to the accompaniment of the bagpipes. :
The St. Andrew's Society In like a little
I patch of Scotland In our midst. The
r Scots are among the Krcatest wanderers
on earth, and yet they are the most clan
nish. - - - K t - ¦-.:¦[..,.. <
A library of Scotch literature and pict
ures of brawny members of the race who
have risen to distinction in the world'
work r!vc a Highland atmosphere to
[ Scottish Hall. Even th3 old Janitor speaks
I with a "bonnle brogue."
Robert Louis Stevenson rays: "The hap
piest let on earth Is to be born a Scotch
man. You may pay for it In many ways,
as for all other advantuges on earth. You
have to learn the paraphrases and Ha
shorter catechism: you generally take to
drink; your youth, so far as I can find
out, Is a time of louder war against so
ciety,.of more outcry and tears and tur
moil than If you had been born, for In
stance, In England. BjI. somehow life Is
warmer and closer, the hearth burns more
redly and the lights of home shine softer
on the rainy street." . , : .;■-,,.
Scotch traits are the same the world
over. An ancient chronicler of the 8t.'
Andrew's Society shows his knowledge ol
the poor thus: ; ;:r ■ ;
"Our poor, like those of other folks,'
from themselves naturally'lnto three dl
vlsl 3ns— God's poor, the devil's poor and
'poor deevlls.' The first class comprises
the aged, the halt, the blind and the in
firm; also- that ever-varying number who
are temporarily sore beset in life's strug
gles, but who 'bate neither heart nor
hope. They take our alms with much of
the relish that they take phynlc and not a
moment longer than they can do. without
it. It would be a pleasure to minister to
them, but for one drawbacks-having to
witness the perfect agony which some
manifest in accepting 'the first bread they
have not wrought for In a' their days.'
We remember a young I married couple
who came 'along with the stream of im
migration the other year,, calling upon us
seeking employment. They wanted work
and did not even hint at any other need. On
the third day that they called, however,
nature spoke out for herself,, the young
wifo fainted on the doorstep. \ Bravely
had they struggled with honest pride to
conceal their 1 urgent poverty and had
nearly, succeeded. For forty-eight hours
they had not broken their fast. \ •
"Our second division ranks those* who
have sown to the wind and are now reap
ing the whirlwind; the lazy, the vicious
and the demoralized. In working wit It
therrf we find Burns' words amply veri
fied:;: •-. • :„'"-"""*: ' • ;
•• T«'ll fln4 mankind an unco' •quad, >
And meikla thty will criev* you. :
"Tho 'old ; resldenters' In California are
by far the worst to manage. It is amus
ing how they get rid of the idea of men
dicancy. They express themselves as be
ing 'strapped,' 'played out,' 'flat broke,'
'euchred for the present' and 'jlst In want
of a lift,' etc, They ara quite the
antipodes of the old Gubcrlunzle, who
would willingly , ; ; v -
hi n* Into . the barn.
Or yet Into the byre.
Or In mhlnt the ha* door.
Or doon before th« fire.
When they apply • the question Is not
simply how much you are ; disposed/ to
give, but what are they willing to accept.
We have found them turning away, with
an air, of contempt becoming an ancient
Hidalgo,' from the equivalent for a, bright
half crown. VNVHh tha ne'er-do-weel, wo
are more prone to enter into judgment
than to extend to him sympathy. Prob^
ably the more our lives aro 'liko.a weel-'
gaum mill' we are the less disposed to
make due allowance for human frailty
and error. How to deal with. this stratum
of society has been a: problem testing the
ablest minds In all countries. The sump
tuary laws In the time : , of '■: Henry VIII
gave 'the bummer or. vagrant but : ' short
shrift. 'First' indictment, .whipping -at
the carttail; second, cars slit; third' and
last, death. . In this age we esteem.pre
vention better than cure and cure, prefer
able to killing. : Whother an eating of the
husks; with J its swinish accessories, will
restore a man to Industry and self-re
•jpect or precipitate him into a felon's
prison depends upon an Influence affect
tag the motlvltles of - human action alto-;
lethcr distinct from that exerted by the;
stern natural law under which he suf- A
f era. That which qualifies the almsgiving •
of national, moral and religious societies,
and distinguishes It from parochial aid or
city relief Is the degree In which It Is
madn a means rather than an end. The
baneful Isolation created by social dls
franchlscment, which binds the wretch to
his destiny, is sometimes happily bridged
over by a loaf. of bread graced with the
outcome of. a leal, kind heart.
"The third class, the *poor deevils," are .
constitutionally the world's poor rela-.
tions. Under no possible arrangement of "
circumstances can their condition be Im
proved. If placed In paradise In the even- '
Ins: we would expect to, meet them out-,
side In the morning, for no other reason',
than their Irrepressible tendency to. roll
out of luck. .The only tenacity, they' ex- •
hlblt Is to life— If | that amount of vitality .
can be called life . which simply insures
them an appetite and wards oft the under-"
taker. They eke out a lengthened, whim-'
pering | existence, j 'makin' a pulr - mooth'
frao the cradle to the grave.' . '.; ".
.'.'The: difficulty which r, beset ' the- man-'
agement was .the auld family; bother ,to
decide when* 'to spend and when to spare.' -
Any one that has had much practice in*
charitable distribution must have been -
struck with that ' which: Is Its . bane— Its
tendency to multiply . applicants, ' It ' is '
perfectly astonishing how soon- the needy" -
learn ' that •, there •- is « 'corn • In Egypt.' As ■ ■
long as « you have anything to give '; you •
wiirflnd it, literally, true- that 'the. poor *• E
have always with you." ; Now it was Just
this pressure ITTat stimulates ietiate an 3
occaslonaly created: disaffection- Cases
were continually turning up exciting sym
pathy. -The fieshpota of -the relief com
mittee could not always meet the de
mand, but there stood the stock ox fat
tening In the stall— why not kill him? To
which canny Aberdeen;, wisely * replied.
•Jlst bide a wee, ye'U maybe no get an-
Ither.' If Its fate were ever. Imperiled at
all It was only durlns momentary Impulse
excited by. the urgent wants 01 our coun
trymen." , • , - . . .
This canny Scotchman goes on to, say
that the dramatic Interest conferred upon
calamity by, the Incidental setting of cir
cumstances frequently excites more sym
pathy, than the actual degree of suffering.
By means of his dramatic pictures .he has
been. able to send many a poor .woman
home with "siller enow to buy.a',cow.V
The society does not feel at all kith to
the' man' that begrudges ' the ' rain ;that
falls Into the sea. They do not construe
the widow's portion to be an exact coun
terpart of the widow's mite.' . They mak*
it "twopence.",' . ". --•'"". '. ■ \
There la ono more duty, the St.Andrew*»
perform to their indigent countrymen" and
that' la the last— they bury the dead. He
that carcth not for the dead ts but' a half
friend' to the living. ' These ; men '. come
from a land where graves are; hallowed.
They 'hold that the end of < the race, de
cides ! for. the runners and- their friends.
The feelings of early association are cher
ished with decent reverence and the poor.'
whose appointed lot -ends In God's; Acre,
nave a graveyard "nook" which ' Is kept
green for the salt* of "Auld Lang Syne. 1 *
< ISABEL FRAS Eft.
1516
GRAUSTARK
THE STORY OF A LOVE BEHIND
THE THRONE
CHAPTER XIII— Continued.
CKDER MOOX AND MOXASTERT.
ft ff AS the one "behind the wall ln
nstructed you to say this to me?
he asked miserably.
"She has not. I do not know
her heart, but I am a. woman and have a
■woman's foresight. If you wish to be
kind and good to her, go!" * , V
*'I cannot!" he exclaimed, his pent feel
ings bursting forth. "I cannot so!"
"You xviU not h<* so selfish and so cruel
as to increase the horror of the wreck
that is sure to come," she said, drawing
bark.
"You know. Countess, of the life-saving
crews; who draw from the wrecks of shins
lives that were hopelessly lost? There is to
be a wreo".: hore: is there to be a Hfe
*aver? VTben tj\e night is darkest, the sea
Tvikiost. when bc$& is gone, is not that
the time v.hon rescue is most precious?
Tci: mo. you who know all there is of
this gpiWOJuMns disaster?"
"I cannot command you to leave Edel
weiss: I enn only tell you that you -Bill
have something: to answer for if you
rtay." tsid tho Countess.
"\vni you he'.p me if I show to you that
I oa:i rcr.ch tho wreck and save the one
Mho cUnjrs to It despairinsly?" he asked
«nili:ig. suddenly calm and confident.
"Willinply. f«^r I love the one who is go
ins down in the sea. I havo spoken in
you Feriously. though, and I trust you will
T.r>t misunderstand me, I like you and I.
like Mr. Ansufeb. Vcu could stay here
forever so fur as I cm concerned."
He thought Ions -r.d intently over what
phe had said r.s he smoked his cignr on
the great balcony that nisht. In his heart
he knew he was a-ldintr horror, but that
persistent hcr>e of the life-saver came un
tttfh and strong to combat the argument.
Ho Krtr f in one moment, the vast chasm
between the man and the princess: in the
r.ext. lie laughed at the puny space.
Down on the rromenacle he could see
t!ie ilgures of men and women strolling
in the moonlight. To his oars camo the
occasional laugh of a man. the silvery
purjr'.e of a woman. The royal military
band was playtes in the stand near the
edjre of the irreat circle. There was
Fsyety. comfort, charm and security about
everything that came to his eyes and
ears. Was it possible that this peace,
tinruffled. vras so near its ond? •
He smiled as he heard Harry Anguish
tesgb gayly in his pood old -nay. his rinp
\r% tones minslinK vrith a woman's.
There vras no trouble in the hearts of
the Countess and his blithe comrade. Be
h'.r.d hfTi rose the prim castle walls, from
tho Trir.dcTvs of which, here and there,
plcc.med th<* liphts of the night. Where
va« she? He had seen her in the aftcr
yioon and hn>' talked with her. ha-1 walked
iviih her. Tlieir conversation had been
V-richt. but of the commonplace Itind. She
had «a;d nothinp to indicate that she re
membered the hcur spent beside his
couch a day or so before: he had uttered
r.or.c- cf the words that strugg!od to rush
irora. his Up* — the questions, the plead
ings, the vows. Where was she now?
Not in that gay crowd below, for he had
seanrvr-d every figure vrith the hawk's
€>yo. Closeted again, no doubt.* with her
Mini-tors, wr-aryinjr her tired brain, her
brave heart Into fatigue without rest.
Her ecrurt sisll trembled with the ex
citt-mcni of the daring attempt of the ab
ductors and their swift punishment.
Functionaries Socked to Edelweiss to in-
Quire after the welfare of the Princess,
end indignation -was at the highest pitch.
There were theoric-s innumerable as to the
identity oT the arch-conspirator. Baron
Dangloss vras at sea completely. He
cursed himself and everybody else for
The hasty and ITl-timed execution of the
hirelings. It was quite evident that the
buzzing -wonder and intense feeling of the
people h?d for the moment driven out
a!l thought of the coming day of judg
ment and its letter atonement for all
Grsusrark. To-day the castle was full
of the nobility, drawn to its walls by the
liews that h.id Ftartlod them beyond all
expression. The police ■vrere at work, the
military trembled Tvith rage, the people
clamored for The" apprehension of the
man -who had been the instigator of .this
cudscity. The general belief was that
some bri^ar.d chief from the south had
planned the great theft for the* purpose
of sec-ring a fabulous ransom. Grenfall
Lorry tad an astonishing theory In his
mind, and the more he thought it over
the mere firmly It was Imbedded.
The warm, blue coils from the cigar
■wafted away Into the night, carrying with
them a myriad of tangled thoughts — of
b*r, of Axphain. of the abductor, of him-
Felf. of everything. A light step on the
stone floor of the shadowy balcony at
tracted his attention. He turned his
head — and saw the Princess Yetive. She
■was walking slowly toward the balus
trade, not aware of his presence. There
v/as no covering for the dark hair, no
wrap abcrat the white shoulders. She wore
an exquisite govm of white, shimmering
•with tie reflections from the moon that
6cal-?d the mountain to?. She stood at
the balustrade, her hands clasping a
bouquet of red roses, her chin lifted, her
fyos gazing toward the mountain's cre?t.
the prettiest picture he had ever seen.
The strange dizziness of love overpower
ed him. His hungry eye? glanced upward
toward the sky which she was blessing
■with her gaze, and behelfi another picture,
gloomy, grim, cheerless.
Against the moonlit screen of the uni
verse clung the black tower of that far
away monastery in the clouds, the home
of the monks of St. Valentine. Out of the
world, above the world, a part of the sky
itself. It stood like the specter of a ?en
liriel whose ghostly guardianship ap
palled and yet soothed.
He could not, would not more. To have
done so meant the desecration of a pic
ture so delicate that a breath upon its
surface would have swept it forever from
the vision. How he reveled in the giory
of the picture he knew not, for it was as
if he looked from a dream. At last he
tia.w her look down upon the roses, lift
them elowly and drop them over the rail.
They fell t.o the gTound below. He thought
1 he ncderstood; the gift of a prince de
eplsed.
Tney>"*reTe not twenty feet apart. He
advanced to her ride, his bat in one hand,
bifL. stick— the one that felled the Vien
nese—trembling- in the otber.
"1 did not know you were here," she
exclaimed, la half frightened amazement
"I left my ladies Inside."
He was standing beside her, looking
down into the eyes.
"And I an richer because of your igno
rance," he said/softly. "I have seen a
picture that shall never leave my memory
— never! Its beauty enthralled, enrap
tured. Then I eaw the drama of the
roses. Ah. your highness, the crown is
not always a ma.sk."
"The roses were— wrore of no conse
quence," ehe faltered.
•'I have heard how you stand between
two suitors and that wretched treaty. My
heart has acbed to tell you how I pity
yon."* - : .
**It Is not pity I nc*d. but courage. Pity
will not aid me in my duty, Mr. Lorry. It
stands plainly before me, this duty, but
I have not the courage to take it up and
place it about my neck forever."
"You do not, cannot love this Lorenz?"
he asked. ♦
"Love him!" ehe cried. "Ach, I forget!
Tou do not know him. Yet I ehall doubt-
Ie*s be hla wife."* There was an eternity
of despair in that' low, steady voice.
'•you shaU not! I swear you ehall not!"
"Oh. he is a Prince,! I must accept tho
offer that means salvation to Graustark.
Why do you make it harder wjth torture
which .you" think is kindness? Listen to
me. Xext week I am to give my answer.
He will be here, in this castle. My father
brought this calamity upon Graustark; I
must lift it from the people. What»has
my happiness to do with it?" - ;
Her sudden strength silenced him,
crushed him, with the real awakening of
helplessness. He stocd beside her, look
ing up at the cold monastery, strangely
conscious that the was gazing toward the
same "dizzy height. •
"It looks so peaceful up there," she said
nt last. • . fei ■
"But so cold and cluerless, he added,
drearily. There was another long silence
in which two hearts communed through
the medium of that taraway sentinel.
"They have not discovered a clew to the
chief* abductor, have they?" he asked, in
an effort to return to his proper sphere.
"Baron Dangloss believes he has a clew
— a meaner and unsatisfactory one. he ad
mits—ami to-day sent officers to Ganlook
to investigate tho actions of a strange
man who was there last week, a man
who styled himself the Count of Araba
zon. and who claimed to be of Vienna.
Some Austrlans had been hunting stags
and bears in the north, however, and it
is possible he is one of them." She spoke
Elowly. her eyes still bent on the home of
the monks. -.. ■■■:'i'-' -■ - • '-] ■.. ;; \^- ■ ; . ■ .;./'-.••.
"Your Highness, I have a .theory— a
bold and perhaps a criminal theory— but
>ou will allow me to tell you why I am
possessed of it. I am- aware that there
is a Prince Gabriel. It is my opinion that
no Viennese i3 guilty, nor are the bri
gands to be accused cf this masterpioco
in crime. Have you uiought how fur a
man may go to cbtain his heart's desire?
She looked at him instantly, her eyes
wide with growing comprehension, tho
Volution to the mystery darting into her
mind like a flash.
"You ::uan— " she began, stopping as
if afraid to voice the suspicion.
"That Prince Gabriel Is the man woh
bousht .your juards and hired Geddos
sr.d Ostrom to carry you to the place
where he could own you, whether y.-u
would or no," said Lorry. i
"Uut he could never have forced me to
marry him. and 1 should, sooner or later,
have"exposcd him." she whispered, argu
- mentatively. "He could not expect mo
to be silent and submit to a marriage un
der such circumstances. He knows that
1 would denounce him, even at the altar."
"You do not apprec.atc my estimate of
that gentleman."
"Ur.at is to become of me?" she al
most, sobbed, in an anguish of fear. "I
now — I see plainly! It was Gabriel,
and he would have done as you pay." A
shudder ran through her ligure and he
tenderly whispered in her ear:
"The danRer is pasi. He can do no
more, your Hishness. Were I positive
that he is the man — and 1 believe he is —
I would hunt him down this night."
Her eyes closed happily under his gaze,
her hand dropped timidly from his arm
and a sweet sense of security filled her
BOIlL
"I am not afraid." she murmured.
"Because I am l:ero?" he asked, bend
ing: nearer.
"Because God can bless with the same
hand that punishes." she answered, enljr
mnttcclty, lifting her lashes asain and
looking "into his eyes with a love at last
unmarked, "lie Rives me ii man to love
and denies me happiness. He makes of
me a woman, but he does not unmake
me a Princtss. Through you he thwarts
a villain; through you he .crushes the in
nocect. Mote than ever I thank you
alone. ;ruided by the God who loves and
despij^es me. saved me from Gabriel."
"1 or.'y a.<k— " he began, eagerly, but
she interrupted. • . .
"You should not ask anything, for I
have said 1 cannot pay. 1 owe to you all
1 have, but cannot pay the debt."
"1 shall not asain forget." he mur
mured.
"To-morrow, if you like. I will take
you over the castle and let you see the
kjualor in which 1 exist— my throne
room, my chapel, my banquet hall, my
ballroom, my conservatory, my sepulcher.
You n»a> say ir is wealth, but 1 shall oall
it poverty."' she said, after they had
•w-ruched the black monastery cut a
square corner from the moon's circle. .;
"Tomorrow, if you will be so kind."'
"Perhaps I may be poorer after I have
saved Grau?tark," =he said.
••I would to God I could save yju from
thatr he rfid.
"I vould to God you -?ot:ld." «;he sakl.
Ilrr manner chanscd suddenly.'^ Sho
lau&hed gaily, turning a ll"ht face to
his. "1 hear your friend's laugh out there
in the darkness. It is delightfully infec
tio<:s>." ■■ . ■ ■■■■ ■ ' ■ .. ■ ■ ■■■ . ■'--■'■-
XIV.
THE EPISODE OF THE .THRONE
ROOM.
"This is the thror.erco:n. Allode'" -
The Princess Yetive paused before tvo
massive doors. It was the next afternoon.
arrf she had alrea.ly shown him the
palace of a queen— the hovel of a paupej !
lhrcuga tne aftern-K.u not one wonl
nther than those which might have passe.!
between good friends escaped the lips of
either. He was all interest, she all gra
ciousness. Allode, the sturdy guard,
swung open the dcors, drew the curtain,
and stood aside for them to pass. Into
the quiet hall she led him* a princess in a
gown of gray, a courtier in tweeds. In
side the doors he paused.
"And I tnought >*u were MiES Gugger.
slocker," he said. She laughed with the
glee of a child who has charmed and de
lighted through surprise.
"Am I not a feeble mite to sit on that
throne and rule all that comee within Us
reach?" She directed his attention to the
throne at the opposite end of the hall.
"From Us seat I calmly instruct gray
hairtd statesmen, weigh their wisdom and
pass upon it as if I were Demosthenes,
challenge the e\-ils that may drive mon
arch* mad, and wonder If my crown is on
straight."
"Let me be Embass.ador from the United
States and kneel at the throne, your High
ness.". . ..: ■ ■ ■.-..- ; ■ -■. .' '. ■ ■ .•' . -■" '.: :: :■•■"■'■ :
"I could not engage In a Je?t with the
crown my ancestors wore. Mr. Lorry.' It
Is sacrt-d, thou thoughtless American.
Come, we will draw nearer that you may
see the beauty of the workmanship lit
that great old chair."
They stood at the base of the low vel
veted stage on which stood the chair,
with its high back. Its massive arms and
legs ashimmer in the lifht from the lofty
windows. It was of gild, inlaid with pre-
Hous stones — diamonds, rubles, emeralds,
sapphires and other wondrous jewels— a
relic of ancient GrauRtark.
"I never sit in the center. 'Alwavg at
one side or the other, usually leaning my
elbow on the arm. You see, the discus
sions are generally so long and dreary
that I become fatigued. One time— I am
ashamed to confess it— I went to sleep on
the throne. That was long ago. I man
age to keep awake very well of late. Do
you like my throneroom?" -.-
"And to think that It Is yours!"
"It Is this room that gives me the right
to be hailed with *L«ong live th© Prlncessf
Not with campaign yells and 'Hurrah for
Yetive!' How does that sound? 'Hurrah
for Yetive!' " She was laughing merrily.
"Don't say It! It sounds sacrilegious
revolting!"
"For over three years— since I was 18—1
have been supreme in that chair. During
the years of my reign prior to that time
I sat there with my Uncle Caspar stand
ing beside me. How often I begged him
to sit down with me! Thero wan so much
room and h« certainly must have grown
tired of standing. One time I cried because
he frowned at me when I persisted in the
presence of a great assemblage of nobles
from Dawsbergen. It feem» that It was
a most important audience that I 'wan
granting, but I thought more of my
uncle's tired old legs." I remember say
ing, through ray sobs of mortification,
that I would have him beheaded. You are
to guess whether that startling threat
created consternation or mirth." v -■:- ,
"What a whimsical little princess you
must have been, weeping nn«l pouting and
going to sleep." he laughed. "And how
sedate and wise you have become."
"Thank you. How very nice you are.
I have -felt all along that Home one would
discern my effort to be dignified and so
date. They say I am wise and good and
gracious, but that Is to be expected. They
said that of sovereigns as far back an
the Deluge, I've heard. Would I you
really like to see me In that old chair?"
Bhe asked.
"Ah. you arc still a woman," he «ald,
smiling at her. pretty vanity. "Nothing
could Impress me more ->leaBantly."
She stepped carelessly and impulsively
upon the royal platform, leaned against
the atm of the throne, end with the
charming blush of consciousness turned
to him with the quickness of. a- guilty
confidence, eager to hear his praise, but
fearful lest he secretly condemned her
conceit. His eyes were burning with the
admiration that knows no definlnc. and
his breath came quick and sharp through
parted lips. He Involuntarily placed a
foot upon the bottom step as if to spring
to her side. :
"You must not come up here!" she
cried, shrinking back, her hands extended
in fluttering remonstrance. "I cannot
permit that at all!" ~-. -^
"I beg your pardon." he cried. "That
is all the humble plebeian can say. That
I may be more completely under this
fairy spell,-'pray'.cast about yourself the
robe of rank.and take up tho scepter.
Perhaps I may fall upon my face."
"And hurt your head all over again."
she said, laughing nervously. She lies!-
tatcd for a moment, a perplexed frown
crossing her brow. Then she jerked a
rich robe from the back of the throne and
placed-it about her shoulders as only a
woman can. Taking up the scepter she
stood before the great chair, and, with a
smile on her lips, held it above his head,
saying softly: , ,
"Graustark welcomes the American
Prince"
He sank to his knee before the real
Princess, kissed the hem of her robe and
arose with face pallid. The chasm was
now endless in its immensity. The Prln-
cess gingerly seated herself on the throne,
placed her elbow on the broad arm. her
white chin in her hand, and tranquilly
surveved the voiceless American Prince,
"Vo'u have not said, 'Thank you.*" she
said, flnallv. her eyes wavering beneath
his stcady-'eazA . .'■• ■••-.-.•: -.v.^.•■-.,.:
''Her command came too late, forte was beside her on the tHrone of Graustark I"
"I am only thinking, how easy it would
be to cross the. gulf that lies between us.
With two movements of my body I can
place It before you, with a third I can be
sitting at your side; It is not so difficult
after all," he said, hungrily eying the
broad chair. ■■■•.":•■•. '.■■■ , V ■:..'■ :.---: : ; *-;.
"No man, unless a Prince, ever sat upon
this throne," she said.
"You have called m« a Prince."
"Oh, I jested," «he cried quickly, com
prehending his lntenticn. "I forbid youl"
' Her 'command camo too late, for he was
beside her on the thiono of Graustark!
She sat perfectly rigid lor a momenta in
tense fear-In her eyes. . * ■■■■■;. • :
"Do you know what you : have ..done?"
nh« whispered, mlHonvbly.
"Usurped th»s throne." he replied, as
rumlng an rn*e and ccmplacencc he did
not fi.-el. Truly he was guilty of unpre
cedented presumption. ■> '••• ■ • : •
"You havo desecrated— desecrated! Do
you hear?" she went on, paying no atten
tion to his rental k. ■■■
"Peiu'avl! Ah,',' your Majesty, I delight
In :ny sin. For onco I am a power; I
speak from the thron.j. You will not have
me abdicate In the zenith of my- glory?
Bo kind, most gracious one. Bcoldf-s, did
you not once cry because your uncle re
fused to 6lt with you? Had he been the
posBesBor of a dangerous wound, as I am,
and had he found himself so weak that
he could stand no lonper, I am sure he
would have done as I have — sat down in
preference to falling limp at your feet
You do not know how badly I am wound
ed," he pleaded, with the subtlest double
meaning. • : • '■'■■' ,;•.-.'. ; ;
"Why should you wound me?" she
asked, plaintively. "You- have no right
to treat the throne I occupy as a subject
for pranks and indignities. I did not be
lieve you could be so— forgetful.'' There
was a proud and pitiful resentment In
her voice that "brought him to his senses
at once. He • had defiled the throne. , In
shame and humiliation he cried:
THE SUNDAY CAI/Ii
"I am a fool—an inerrate. You have
been too gentle with me.; For this de-
spicable act of mine I cannot ask par-
'don and it would be beneath you to grant
it. I have hurt you, and I can never,;
atone. I forgot how sacred -is "•••.your
throne. Let me depart in disgrace. He
stood erect, as if to forsake the .throne
he had stained, but she, swayed by a,
complete reversal of feeling, timidly,
pleadingly touched his arm. :
"Stay! It is 'my throne after aU.
I shall divide it, aa well as the sin,
with you. Sit down again, I beg ,
of you. For n brief spell I would ruia ..;
beside a man who Is fit to be a King
but who is a desecrator. v There can be
no harm and no one shall be the wiser
for this sentimental departure from royal
custom. We are children, anyhow—mere
children."
With an exclamation of delight, he re-
sumed his position beside her. His hand-
trembled as he took up hers to carry it
to his lips. "We are children—playing
with fire." he murmured, this ingrate,
this fool! ,.,.,. , .
She allowed her hand to lie limply in
his, her head sinking to the back of the
chRir. When her hand was near his fev-
crish lips, cool and white and trusting,
he checked the upward progress. Slowly
he raised his eyes to study her face, find-
ing that hers were closed, the semblance ;
of a smile touching her lips as if they
were In a happy dream. -■•vi?>--"£--:'■■':v^>.^r:
y The llpsl The lipsl The lips! mad-
ness of love rushed into his heart; the ex
pectant hand was forgotten; his every
hope and every desire measured them
selves against his discretion as he looked
upon the tempting face. Could he kiss
those lips but onco his life would be com
plete. - ' ■■.-■ , : . .-•.-■■*■:•■ ■::■:■...- -■'-/■■' : vy ■>■;
With a start she opened her eyes, doubt
less at the command of .the masterful
ones above. Tho eyes of blue met the
eyes of gray in a short, sharp < struggle,
and the blue went down in surrender.
His lips triumphed slowly, drawing closer
and closer as if restrained and Impelled
by the same emotion— arrogant love. _ §
"Open your eyes, darling, 'he whis
pered, and she obeyed. Then their lips
met—her first kiss of love!
■ She trembled from head to foot, per
fectly powerless beneath the spell. Again
he kissed a princess on her throne. At
this second kiss her eyes grew wide with
terror, : and she sprang from his side,
standing before him like one bereft of
reason. ■•: •■ .':': •■> v r-- ■■..•'•-'■ v -v?:--'- V' r^- /:;; li.
"Oh, my God"! What have you done?"
sho wailed. He staggered to his ; feet,
dizzy with Joy. . r ■ ..- ; : ■':■■'-:'■■ -■■-. :--' y: ' - '■'■
'.'Ha •" cried a gruff voice from the door
way; and the guilty ones whirled to. look
upon the witness to their blissful crime.
Inaldo the curtains, with carbine leveled
at the head of the American, stood Al
lode, the guard, his face distorted by
rage.; The Princess screamed and* leaped
between Ixnrry and the threatening . car
bine.
"Allode!" she cried, in frantic terror.
He angrily cried out something in'hli
native tongue and she breathlessly, . Im
ploringly replied. ■ Lorry did not under
stand their words, but ho knew that she
had saved him from death at the hand
of her loyal, erring guard. Allode lowered
his gun, bowed low and turned his back
upon the throne, v.' : - ■ '
"He— he would have killed you," she
said, tremulously, her face. the picture of
combined agony and relief. Sho remem-
bered the blighting kisses and then the
averted disaster. ; V \,- -^ * ;. -:
x You—what did you say to him?" ho
asked. r,- ' v
I—I—oh, I will not tell you," she cried,
v: I peg of you." -•... ~ : r
. I tola him that he was to—was to put
down his Eun."_'^ . --. ,■■-.:-:_
I know that, but why?" he persisted.
r—Ach, to save you, stupid!' 1 ; - -
- How did you explaini the—the—" . He
hesitated, generously, r^;.. - ;:
• /I told him that 1 had not been—that I
bad not been :" -,^'::-:: --;-v:-. ::.'■.■■■.
.. Say, It!": -- y^-^i'^i^Qfyz:':'-^-^-^
:: That I- had not been—offended," she
gasped, standing stiff and straight, with
eyes glued upon the obedient guard. : :
"You were not?" he rapturously cried.'":\
I said It only to save your life!" she
cried, turning fiercely upon him., "I'shall
never forgive you! Never! You must go
—you must leave here at once! Do you
hear? I cannot have you near, me now—
I cannot see you again. Ach, God! What
have I given you the right to say of me?"
!!S top! Jt-1? a3 sacred as-^—" / / : r:
"Yes. yes—I understand. I trust you.
but you must go. Find some excuse to
give your friend and go to-day. Go now!.'•■
she cried intensely, .first putting her
hands to her temples, then to her eyes. ,
Without waiting to hear his remon
strance, if Indeed he had the power to
utter one. she glided swiftly toward th<*
-'ciirtaIn«,:-aHpwlnKJrhfm^tbj£rollowi'at*hlii
will..: Dazed and crushed at the sudden
end to everything, he dragged his foot
steps after. At the door she spoke In
low, imperative tones to the motionless
Allode, who dropped to his knees and
muttered a reverential response. As Lor
ry passed beneath the hand that held the
curtain aside, he glanced at the face of
the man who had been' witness to their
weakness. Ho was looking straight ahead
and, from his expression, It could not
have been detected that- he knew there
was a man on earth save himself. : In
the hall she turned to him, her face cold
and pale. . * ' w , «-< i . • -■ f - : "\
"I have faithful j guards about me now.
Allodo has said he did not see you In the
throne room. He will die before he will
eay otherwise,"' she, said, her lips tremb
ling with shame.
"By your command?" ' - > " V' •
"By? my -. request, VI: do not command
my men to "He."':' ••■.-: \-'-- ::'■■■■■■■■ ■-■■■■. ■■:■-■■:■■ '--■
Side by, side they passed down the quiet
hall, silent,, thoughtful, the strain of
death upon their hearts. .-. •;;
"I shall obey : the only command you
have given, then. This day . I leave tha
castle. ; You will let -me, come again— to
see you? There can be no harm — " v :
*"Nol if You must .leave , Graustark at
once!" she Interrupted, the, tones low.
"I refuse to go! 1 shnll remain in Edel
weiss, near you, Just 80 long as I feel
that I may be of service to you.".
"I . cannot - drive you out as I would a
thief," she sold, pointedly. • ,
At the top of the broad staircase he
held out his hand and murmured:
"Good-by, your Highness!" ■; ' )
"Good-by/' she said,, simply, placing
her hand in his 1 after a moment's hesita
tion. Then she left him.
An hour later the two Americans, one
strangely. subdued, the, other curious, ex
cited and Impatient, stood before the cas
tla waiting for the carriage. -Count Hal
font wus with them,' begging thorn to re
main, as he could sec no reason for the
sudden leavQ-taktng.v Lorry assured him
that they had trespassed long enough,, on
the court's hospitality and that he would
feel much more comfortable at the hotel.
Anguish looked narrowly at his friends
face but said nothing. He was beginning
to understand. ?: „_ v, »
"Let us walk to the gates. The Count
will oblige us by instructing the coach
man to tollow," said Lorry, eager to be
off. •■•.;:-;-,■:.■■ ■-' ..:-..::•■■---.- -■'" .- :- -"V-'
"Allow me to Join you in the walk,
gentlemen?" said Count Caspar, immedi
ately instructing a lackey to send the car
riage after them. He and Lorry walked
on.- together, Anguish lingering behind,
having caught sight of the Countess Dag
mar. That charming and unconventional
piece of nobility promptly followed the
Prime Minister's example and escorted
the remaining guest to the gate. .
Far down tnewalk Lorry turned for a
last glance at the castle from which love
had banished him- Yetive was standing
on the balcony, looking not at the monas
tery but at the exile. , ; .<■■:■ /: ">%
She remained there long after the car
riage had passed her gates, bearing tho
Americans swiftly over the white castle
avenue and there were tears In her eyes.
t -.V P-ryjS XV— THE BETROTHAL : K -^
Harry Anguish was a discreet, forbear
ing fellow. He did not demand a full ex
planation of his friend. There was enough
natural wit in his merry head to, see that
in connection with their departure there
■waa something that would not admit or
discussion, even . by confidential : friends.
He shrewdly formed his own conclusions
and held his peace. Nor did he betray
surprise when Lorry Informed him, in an-
Bwer to a question, that he Intended to
retrain In Edelweiss for some time, add
ing that he could not expect him to do
likewise if he preferred to return to Paris.
But Mr. Anguish preferred to remain in;
Edelweiss. Had* not the Countess Dag
mar told him she would always be happy
to see him at the castle, and had he any:
xeason to renounce Its walls? And so it
was that they tarried together. : • : -
Lorry loitered aimlessly, moodily about
the town, spending gloomy days and
wretched nights. He reasoned that It
were wisdom to fly, but a force stronger
than reason held him In Edelweiss. He
ventured several times to the castle wall,
but turned back resolutely. There was
hope in his breast that she might send fur
him; there was, at least, the possibility
of seeing her should she ride through. the
streets. Anguish, on the other hand, vis
ited the castle dally. He spent hours with
the pretty Countess, undismayed by the.
noble moths that fluttered about "her
Hame, and he was ever persistent, light
hearted and gay. He brought to Lorry's
cars all that he could learn of the Prin
ctss. Several times he had seen her and
l:ao. spoken with her. She inquired casu
ally after the health of his friend, but
nothing more. From the Countess he as
. certained that her Majesty was sleeping
soundly, eating heartily and apparently
enjoying the best of spirits— Information
decidedly Irritating to the one who re
ceived it second-hand. . ; —■'■•" :-'i-
..They had been at the hotel for over 'a,
week when one afternoon Anguish rushed
into the room, out of breath and scarcely
able to control his excitement. , >
"What's up?" cried Lorry. "Has tho
Countess sacked you?" : . ■ • .
"Not on your coin! But something is up,
and 1 am its discoverer. You remember
what you said about suspecting Prinve
Gab'riel of being the chief rascal In the
abduction job? Well, my boy. I am now
willing to stake my life that he is the
man." The news-bearer sat down on tha-:
ledge* Of the bed and drew the nrst Ions
breath he had had In a long time. :
"Why do you think so?" demanded ilie
mother, til interest. -■■:''/. : -':'r ':'■ ''"'-■.■
'"Heard him talking Just now. I didn't
know who the fellow was at first, but
he was talking to some strange look:ns
toldiers as 1 passed. As soon us 1 hearu
his voice I knew he was Michael. ■ -.Tnore
isn't any question about it. Lorry. 1
positive. He did not observe me. but I
tuppose by this time he has learned tuaf
his little job was frustrated by l.vo
Americans who heard the plot near the
castle gates. He has nerve w come here,
hasn't ne'r" ■ -: -- "i ' •.-.: ; ■ ;^:--- -■ :; ■ >
: "If he is guilty, yes. Still, he may feel
secure because he. is a powereful prince
and uble to resent any accusation with a
chow of force. "Where Is he now?" • •- ■
■y---"l h'.tx. him there. Come on! We'll go.
down and you can see for yourself." y •>
They hurried to the corridor, which was
bwuimiug with men In strange uniforms
There wire a few Graustam officers, out
the majority of the buzzing conversation
alists were dressed in a rich, gray urU
form. ;sit-''.' :';/.- ■'-'■■■••-■■■^*'i : - v: -- •• ■■•'■•■■ '"'V .
—Who are these strangers?", asked
Lorry. >. "'■■ •: .■'■■.■-'■"-. -■-■.:--^\_" ■.' -^^^
"Oh. I forgot to tell you. Prince Lor
enz hs also here, and these gray fellows
are a part ot his retinue.\Lortnx has gone
on to the castle. What's the matter?"
Lorry had turned pale and was reaching
for the wall with unsteady hand.
"He has come for his answer," he sa!d,
slowly, painfully. . V : / W .../ »
•That's right! I hadn't thought of
that. I hope she turns him down. But
there's Gabriel over yonder. See those
three fellows in blue? The middle one is
■the Prince."- ■'■/.:->: - :v '~ : ~, : . : ~ -\ri--- ! - : ± :- ,-' ' :: \
Near the door leading to the piazza
Etood several men, gray and blue. Tho
man designated as Gabriel was in the
center, talking gayly and somewhat loud
ly puffing at a cigarette between «»en
tences. He was not tall, but_he was
strongly and compactly built. His hair
and cropped beard were as black as coal,
his eyes wide, black and lined. It was a
pleasure-worn face, and Lorry shuddered
as he thought of the Princess in the
power of this evil-look:ng wretch. They
leisurely made their way to a spot near
the talkers. There is no mistaking the,
voice. Prince Gabriel and Michael were
on- and the same, beyond all doubt. But
how to prove It to the satisfaction of
others? ; -; . ■ '•■ : .'- i ■ ■■ ' ■■ * ■■'•"-■■
V Skepticism would follow any attempt to
proclaim the Prince guilty because his
voice sounded like that of the chief con-
Fplrator. In a matter where whole na
tions were concerned the gravest Im
portance would be attached to the accu
sation of a ruler. Satisfying themselves
as to the Identity of that peculiar voice,
tho friends passed througn to the piazza.
"What's to be done?" asked Anguish,
boiling over with excitement.
"We must go to Baron Dangloss, tell
hfrn of our positive discovery, and then
consult Count Halfont."
"And the Princess Yetive, of course.'
"Yes, I suppose so," said Lorry, nicking
the ashes from his cigar with a finger
that was now steady. He was serving the
Princess again. . .
They hurried to the Tower, and were
soon "in the presence of the fierce little
chief of police. Lorry had spent many
hours with Dangloss of late, and they had
become friends. His grim old face blanch
ed perceptibly as he heard the assertions
of the young men. He shook his head
despairingly. ', >
"It may be as you say, gentlemen, but
I am afraid we can do nothing. To charge
a Prince with such a crime and on such
evidence would be madness. I am o*. your
belief, however. Prince Gabriel Is the
man I have suspected. Now I am con
vinced. Before we can do anything in
such a grave matter It will be necessary
to consult the Princess and her Ministers.
In case we conclude to accuse the Prince
of Dawsbergen, it must be after careful
and judicious thought. There are many
things to consider, gentlemen. -• For mjr
part, I. would be overjoyed to seize the
villain and to serve him . as ■ we did his
tools, but my hands are tied, you see. I
would suggest that you go at once to the
Princess and Count Halfont, tell them of
your suspicions— —" v , • .
. "Not suspicions, my lord— facts," inter
rupted Anguish. .- : .
■•• ''Well, then, facts, and ascertain how
they feel about taking up a proposition
.that may mean war. May I ask you to
'come at once to me with their answer?
It Is possible that they will can for a
consultation with the Ministers, nobles
and high officers. • Still, 1 I fear they will
be unwilling to risk much on the rather
flimsy proof you can give. Gabriel- is
powerful and we do not seek a war with
him. There is another foe for whom we
are quietly whetting our swords." The
significant remark caused both listeners
to prick up their ears. But he disap
pointed their curiosity, and they were
left to speculate -as to who the other foe
might be. Did he mean that Graustark
was secretly, slyly making; ready to resist,
treaty or no treaty?. : >.'
It required prolonged urging on the part
of Anguish to persuade Lorry to accom
pany him to the castle, but, when ' once
determined to go before the Princess with
their tale, he was eager, impatient to
cross the distance that-lay between the
hotel and the forbidden * grounds) They
walked rapidly down Castle avenue and
'were soon at the gates. The guard knew
them, and they were admitted .without *•
vrord.v As they hurried through the park
they saw many strange men In gray,
gaudy uniforms, and It occurred to Lorry
that their visit, no matter how great Its
importance, was ill-timed. Prince Lorenz
was holding the center of the stage.
Anguish, with his customary Impulsive
ness, overruled Lorry's objections, and
they proceeded toward the entrance. Tho
guards of the Princess saluted profound
ly, while the minions of Lorenz stared
with ill-bred wonder upon these two tail
men from another world. It could be seen
that the castle was astir with excitement,
subdued and pregnant with thriving hope-*
and fears. The nobility of Graustark was
there; the visitors of Axphaln were being
entertained.
At the castle doors the two met their
Arst obstacle, but they had anticipated its
presence. Two guards halted them per
emptorily.
"We must see her Majesty." said An
guish, but the men could not understand
him. They stoically stood tfceir ground,
shaking their heads. v
"Let us find some one who can un^f ;•
stand us," advised Lorry, and In a few
momenta tli«?y presented themselves ibe
fore the guards, accompanied by a yountf
nobleman with whom they had acquaint
ance. He succeeded in advancing then
to the reception hall Inside the doors and
found for them a servant who would car
ry a message to the Princess If it wera
possible to gain her presence. The noble
man doubted very much, however, if tha
missive hastily written by Lorry could
find its way to her, as she had never been
so occupied as now. >-; -\. ; , ■
Lorry, In his brief note, prayed for a
short audience for himself and Mr. An
guish, requesting that Count Halfont be
present. He informed her that his mis
sion was of the most Imperative natura
and that it related to a discovery mado
concerning the Prince who had tried
to abduct her. In conclusion, he wrote
that Baron Dangloss had required him to
lay certain facts before her and that B-»
had come with no Intention to annoy her.
While they sat In the waiting room
they saw, through the glass doors, dozens
of richly attired men and women in the
hall beyond. They were conversing ani
matedly, Graustaric men and women with
dejected faces, Axphalnians with exulta
tion glowing in every glance. Lorry's
heart sank within him. It seemed hours
before the servant returned to bid them
follow him. Then bis blood leaped madly
through veins that had been chilled and
lifeless. He was to see her again!
~~Their guide conducted them to a small
• ante-room, where he left them. A few
moments later the door opened and thera
swept quickly into the room— the Coun
tess Dagmar, not the Princess. Her fac*
was drawn with the trouble and sor^w
she was trying 3o hard to conceal. Bojn.
men were on their feet in an Instant, ad
vancing to meet her. •" ■'-_ "*.
•The Princess? Is she 111?" demanded
"Lorry.. ■ ■ .- ".'•" . .•'.-*;; - V ■" , t > / : -
"Not in, but mad, I fear," answered
she .riving a hand to each. "Mr. Lorry,
she bids me say to you that she cannot
see you. She appreciates the importance
of" your mission and thanks you for tha
interest you have taken. Also, she au
thorizes me to assure you that nothing
.can be done at present regarding the
business on wnich you come."
"She refuses to s*-v us." said he, slowly,
his face whiter than ever.
"Nay: she beg;? itut yoJ will excuse
her. Her Hignm.ss js aorcly worn • ar..l
distressed to-day, anil I tear cannot en
dure all that U happening. She .is ap
parently calm anil composed, but I. was
know her so w«.U. can see .tae strain be
neath." :
" "riurely she must see the ursency of
<juicK action in this mutter of ours,*
tried Anguish, half angrny. "We are not
<icgs to be kicked out of :hi castle W-j
have :i risht to be treated fairly "
"We • cannot eensurs the Princes.-,.
Harry," said Lorry. •Smtaaky, "AV*. nave
corae because we would befriend hj.r. -and
she seas nt to reject our gjod otftces.
There is but one thins ieft for us to do —
depart us we came."
"But I don't like it a little bit." growled
the other. A
"If you only knew., Itr. Anguish. .ya'J
would not "be so harsh and unjust." re\
monstrated the lady, warmly. Turning
to Lorry, she said: . "She asked me to
hand you this and to bid you retain It aJ
a token of her undying esteeni." ."-•'..
She handed him a small, exquisite min
iature of the Princess, framed in gold, in
laid with rubies. He took it dumbly in
his lingers, but dared not look at tha
portrait it contained. With what might
have seemed disrespect he dropped tha
treasure into his coat pocket.
"Tell her 1 shall always retain It as a
token of her— esteem." he said. "And
now may I ask whether she banded my
note to her uncle, the Count?" " ■ ■ ■
The Countess blushed in a moist unac
countable manner. • ■• ■ -
"Not while I was with her," she said,
recovering the presence of mind sho ap
parently had lost. -■: - • : . : . . -.-- ■-■••.•;
"She destroyed it. I presume." said he.
laughing harshly. ::;:-.
"1 saw her place It In her bctom, sir,
and with the right hand," cried the Coun
tess, as if betraying a state secret.
"In her— you are telling ma the truth?"
cxied he, his face lighting up.
"Now. see here. Lorry, don't begin to
question the Countess' word. X won't
stand for that," Interposed Anguish,
good-humoredly. . . ■
"I should be more than base to say
falsely that she had done anything so
absurd." .said the Countess, Indignantly.
"Where Is she now?" asked Lorry.
"In her boudoir. The Prince Lorenz Is
with her— alone." : : ?~
"What!" he cried, jealousy darting;
into his existence. ' He had never known
jealousy before. *^"
"They are betrothed." said s&». with art
effort. There was a dead silence, broken
by Lorry's deep groan as he turned and
walked blindly to the opposite side of the
room. He stopped In front of a huga
painting and stared at It. but did not
see a line or a tint. . ; .
"You don't mean to say she has ac
cepted?" half whispered Anguish. ,.
"Nothing less." - " :;
"Thank God. you are only a Countess,**
he said, tenderly. -.- ..■•-■■ .
""viWiy— why— what difference can It
make — I mean, why do you say thatr*
she stammered, crimson to her hair. ;
"Because you won't have to sell your
self at a sacrifice." he said, foolishly.
Lorry came back to them at this junc
ture, outwardly calm and deliberate.
"Tell us about It. pray. We had
guessed as much."
"Out there are his ' people— the
wretches!" she cried, vindictively, her
pretty face in a helpless frown. "To-day
was the day. you know, on which h«
was to have his answer. He came and
knelt In the audience chamber. All
Graustark had Implored her to refuse tea
hated offer, but she bade him rise, and
thert. before us all, promised to become
his bride.
"The greatest sorrow Oraustark has
ever known grows out of that decision-
She Is determined to save for us what her
father's folly lost. To do this she be
comes the bride of a vile wretch, a man
who soils her pure nature when he thinks
of her. Oh, we sought to dissuade her—
we begged, we entreated, but without
avail. She Will not sacrifice one foot of
Graustark to save herself. See the tri
umphant smiles . on their faces— %-.*
brutesi" She pointed maliciously . to^ffle
chattering visitors In the halL "Already
they think the castle theirs. The union
of Graustark and Axphain! Just what
they most desired, but we could not mako
her see it so." » •■ ••
"Is the day set?** asked Lorry, bravely,
after, a moment's silent inspection of the
dark-browed victors. '
"Yes, and there is to be no delay. The
marriage contract has already beea
signed. The date is November 20, the day
on. which we are to account to Bolaroj
for our war debt. The old Prince's we<t»
ding gift to Graustark Is to be a docu.
ment - favoring us with a ten years' ex
tension." she said, scornfully.- *
"And where Is she to live?"^
."Here, of course. She Is GraustarV*
ruler, and here • she insists - on abiding-.
Just contemplate our court! Overrun with
those Axphftin dogsr Ah, she has wound*
ed Graustark more than she has helped
her." ■ ■ ■■■■• ■■' % ■- -"'■-'■ ■ ■ •:-■■,
There was nothing more to be said or
done. so. after a few moments, the Amer
icans took their departure. The Countess
bade them farewell, saying that she must
return to the Princess.
"I'll see you to-morrow." said Anguish,
with rare assurance and the air of an
old and indispensable friend. • .,.-■
"And you. Mr. Lorry?" she asked, cu
rloualy. :. " l ' ■ •■_;.• .
"I am very much occupied," he aifcm*
bled.; >.;:.; ■,■:;.,■./-..;.;/,■■■;,..::;. J^ r /:':
(Continued next week.)no_textJOSIE MANSFIELD IN CALIFORNIA
THE r«<:ent death of "Ed" t5tok«» tr<
moves from a fear-haunted, miser
able existence one of the principal
actors in a tragedy which, thirty
years ajro. cav»» New York a s?n
eatJon the like of which it had not se"n.
But th<» notorious woman in tbi case Js
Btfl] 1'vinp. €1 years old. and tho last of
an infamous group of throe. Somev.-here
in the gay rity of Paris fa she whose
treacherous beauty was the powr that
caused two istn to sacrifice honor and
business, fulminating in the coio-hloofid
murdor of Jxrr.os Fisk Jr. at tho Imnds of
Kdward S. Btokcs. ;
But few p^o^Je probably know th«t nm»
year* of the girlhood of the beautiful but
!r.k{uit.ous "JosS<-" Hzteffeld were spent In
Fan I'rar.clsco. Once the eommanOlr.;?
star of an infamous trio, she is now a
broken-down wenan, y«-t to journey alone
through th^prreat unknown Into which
Ihe others have preceded her.
jL'-'ho can t»!ll the awful nscniorles that
pass before her while fhe v.alt?. visions
roade ircrc vfrid by <he parsing away of
h*?r one-time lover. Sto3:«:-^; a Ions viata
r,f passion, trcachr^ry, wantonness, lost
honor, fcrckrn reputations, the eternal
happiness of thrcf people forfeited.
Thirty y«*ars ago she was known aa the
V-auti/uI r!ren from California., who
jilunsed ihe affair? of the Erie Railroad
and Jay Gould into a maze of litigation,
ecandal and shame that ended in murder.
Jay Gould, too. Is now at rest, hut to her.
perhaps the most unworthy of all, life
t>nd a luxurious home is still left.
O!«!-Umer» among the theatrical people
of S»n Francisco's earlier days remember
the extraordinarily beautiful girl of about
r.ixtrcn years who mixed among them and
haunted the stage doors in the days of the
early' sixties. Coming from no one eecms
to remember exactly where, she. called
bereelf lltlrn Josephine Mansfield, though
her real name wa» Bald to be Warren,
•rid eh*! was sometimes referred to as the
"Y^rren girl." On the site where the
piw>*nl California . Theater now stands,
there was la tho«* daye an Lr-shaped alley.
It was ailed with ehabby houses, and In
one of these "Josi«" MansHeld ifred. She
•was around among the theatrical folk •
good dsa!. ar.'l her ambition was to go
upon the stasf. and she did appear once.
or twice in insignificant pans, for s?he
could not act. and was a!«o very ignorant.
Her beauty brought her livrr.-», but her
aftrr life was foreuhadowe.l in tho sen?a
tior.al cniKorle caused by one of them. It
is Sold liy oM-tJrncr» that o:s» niuht the
irmuJes of the house when; HzU:n Jose
phine Mansfleld lived were nwuk'cd by th«s
hound of screaois and falllnfi glass. A
man had jumped from hrr window and
escaped over the sheds of tho alloy (hat
led to a litilc fttrcet beyond, while in hr>r
room a newly arrived lover was* wildly up
braiding her. Tho papers of th- day made
the mofct of It, and thus was the wonderful
hf-auty of the woman made the subject of
public comment. ■ ' • >' : ■!
Not long after this the girl went Ea3t,
and with the Rockies as a barrier be
tween her and her past life,' appeared In
Boston, where ehe lived for some yearn,
in reputable society she always claimed,
and bo ray nome who knew her there.
In the East she met Frank Lawler, the
handsome actor, returned from Cali
fornia and then playing leads with Emily
Jordan. Her tigress beauty Infatuated
him, and In J86$-the two eloped after a
ten days' acquaintance, and were mar
ried. One year afterward they wero di
vorced, the cauee, it Is said, being, her
fondness for other men.; Lawler Is long
since dead, and did not see all of the de
traction which his one-time wife after
ward caused. .-..;■ "•.}. .-; :./ -;' : --- : - ■: ■ ':■■
Josle Mansfield was born In Boston In
IS10, and her parents removed to Stock
ton, 'Cal., In XS52. Therein 1834 her father,
Joseph Mansfield,* was, the editor of the
Republican. He \ got Into personal Jour
nalifm to, such an extent with John Ta
bor, who ran. the opposition paper, the
Journal, that, e murder -was the result of
their differences.} Mansflcld was shol'
dead on tho street corner by Tabor on
June 22, 1854. Tabor was sentenced to bo :
hanged, but In 1S55 wan pardoned by Oov.
crnor BIglcr. lie was. defended in his \
trial by David S. Terry,' who afterward
sho't Senator Droderlck in . a duel, j and
was afterward shot himself by David
Neagle, at Lathrop. ' ' : . ;•'. . •
About two years after tier father's death*
Joslo and her mother came to San Fran
cisco. The young girl was lovely as a
dream then, and she was soon popular
among gallants and a certain society set.
Then her mother left her with friends In
San Franclnco, went to Stockton and mar
ried a Mr. Warren.
Josle preferred life In San Francisco,
and soon drifted into theatrical, ambitions,
and the gay life ; that - ended ■' In the cpl- :
gode which resulted In her going EaBt.
After becoming M^a, Frank Lawler -she
returned for a brief season to California)
her husband being engaged for Magulre's
Opera-house company." Here a black
mailing episode r brought tho names of
THE SUN D A Y A C AJuLtl
both herself and her; husband into^the
San Francisco newspapers. At this time
her preferred admirer above all others
was :D.- W. Perley. the wealthy English
law partner cf Judge David S. Terry. A
*hort time after he becume entangled In
the jwilcs of this wholesale flirt, : Perley
was calling at the house of Mrs.Warrerv
the mother of the fair; but , t t also Helen
Josephine. - Joslo and Perley were spend-
In tV the/ afternoon in the parlor behind
locked doors. Suddenly a loud knocking
was heard, the . door was -burst open and
Lawler and Mr. Warren rushed Into \ the
room,' each with a cocked; revolver In his
hand. Perley in a moment felt tho cold
steel at- his head, which . was the signal
for Helen Josephine to fall In a pretend
ed dead faint. '■■','/[ .*■:■ ' :•■ : - : : ■■"/[. : ''■
; V Lawler charged Perley with tampering
: with the affections - of his /.wife, and
forced the frightened '.': .Englishman to
i, sign a check on a local . bank for: $5000.
v Lawler; then ordered Perley out of .the^i
;~ house at the point of- his pistol, telling
'.'■■ him If he ever spoke \ot the affair : . he
: would, shoot him on: the spot.Y Perley
hurried to the bank after his escape and
I slopped payment of the check. At his
Instigation the San Francisco newspapers
published the whole . particulars of , the
hold-up, describing It! as a conEplracy be
. tween Lawler and his wife, and the others
■concerned. . ,
through a friend he warned Lawler to
; get out of California \ within thirty days
on penalty of death. Josle ainl her hus
band then palled New York, where
she found a Held altogether to her taste.
She was divorced in New York and
shortly afterward went upon the stage
in that city. She could not act. but she
hed a rich, dark, anlmal-Hkc beauty that
won many, admirers. ; She made no ap
pearance of any -.prominence : ; In i New
York and her short theatrical career, was
not a success./ • , -
At that time ' "Jim'' Fisk,- the son : of a
"Vermorit horao trader* and peddler," was
perhaps [the f most conspicuous figure- In
New York. % He. was the man'.whoni fato
or; ubme evil f genius set^apart to come
under the thrall of; this; Nana, whom ho
afterward \ housed ; In |-;e palace : flt for a
queen. ''•■/•-'• ;; ; - ''•'..'• '■ \ '
Fisk- came; to New York from a cor
rupt business -career ; In . . Boston, where
he '•had' made ; - his homo' eirico hlsVcomlng
of agc> At thcUmo of tho civil war tie.
In- connection with ■=' his ..mtimaie mend,
Eben; Jordan, 1 , a merchant, who was- a
pillar pt the 'church,; cleared over a mil
lion and a half .through unscrupulous
methods!, in % handling f Government. '■;. con
tracts, • etc;' ?\ By sharp dealing Flslf pock
eted ' 5600,000 at the tlme ; of General Lee's
surrender.
> Fisk ■ then removed :? from ; ; Boston /; to
New York,-' where his financial career was
as corrupt as his soclalone.1 After some
original ? financial operations ■■ with a'Hne
of \ Sound ; steamers, which; he started; :;. in
opposition to those running.; and.-. out; of
which:- he i made money* ; ; he entered AVall
street one Monday morning fwlth $l,0(K>,000
■with which to; buck; the: streets The -fol^
lov/lnjj Sa t urda y night found him penni
less. His courago and resource did -riot
desert him. rile pushed forward and be
came -the intimate friend of. Jay Gould
and William M. TwSed.
r' Fisk could swindle a friend out of bun-/
dreds of thousands of dollars and call- It
business. In a railroad; and cattle "deal
he did Commodore Vanderbilt out of
$100,000, ; and said, laughingly, ?"The Com
modore got the a cows,- but J got; the
cream." f He became largely Interested In
Erie stocks, and In the early seventies
easily took away- from many. New York
men the prominence -of- being tjithe lead.
The women Idolized him and the men
feared him, • for, his was
known. ■• -.'*•, ■' - \ .*
He was .made colonel of the Ninth
New York Regiment and his short stout
figure was always a conspicuous one- In
the public resorts ; of the, city. With
favor and fortune the .'world' called- him
well on the high road to success. But a
woman Was leading him en the : path that ■
lends to other things. At the heyday of
Flak's ; ; vogue, ttirnga were : at the lowest
ebj with "Josie" 1 Mansfield. The stage
would not yield her fame or a living, and
penniless, - she sought an interview with
"Jim" Fisk. . ;
The luminous light of her magnificent
gray eyes conquered him. Her skin was
of a deadly fairness,' ; that made more Jet
black the masses of silky: hair tb^at clus
tered 'closely around her • broad white
brows* ;From;hor. tiny^ pink ears hung a
pair) of . large ? gold ' hoops, gypsy fashion.
Small • beautifully formed ; hands, and Va
tall llgure,' whose curves were perfection
then, formed a picture that caused Fisk
to* fall down and worship. •; It \ was not
Ior.fr oerore &n 'New fork was agog over
the Mansfield, :; and the splendor "; of *er
establishment. ; her character,
her name was used V to christen every
thing, from bonnets to Jewels. !; - -■:"■ .'S
A" citizen of San Francisco, ■ who" as a
lad [worked ,! as clerk i n the auditor's
office ot\ the Erie;! Railway, remembers
well, the: magnificent palace of brown
stone that Fisk built" for her at 329 West
.Twenty-third street, about six' door3 be
lowthe Grand ■ Opera-house corner, where
his office | was. This gentleman "remembers
. tho Mansfield at that time as an exceed
ingly handsome ; woman, ;above the aver
age V- In 'height, and '.;■ fast , verging toward
vthe stoutness j that afterward marred her.
; figure. ?; He remembers _ also , that Fisk In
some way gained permission from prop
erty-owners of the block to cut a small
door through each back yard fence In
tervening '•;.'.. between ■; .-; fhe office and . the
house of the woman who cost him. his
life. He passed much ' of : his time -in
those days in the mansion with her, and
the clerks in the office often watched him
go through the little green turfed yards
to meet the beautiful woman who some
times came out to greet him,
■ Later, among ; Fisk'* friends who en-
Joyed the ; frequent revels In the Twenty
■ third street, house was Edward S. Stokes,
a young man of good birth, whose father
: was In -the plate glass business.
.Stokes was a clerk in Wall street when
Fisk took, a fancy to him and made him
his protege, and also won for the young
man the friendship of Jay Gould. The
handsome figure and features of Stokes
gave him an advantage over Fisk, who
was short and so stout as to make it a
detriment to his appearance. He was
pompous, and ateo intensely vain. This
may have been a factor In the spell
which "Josle" Mansfield cast over Stokes,
who came more and more frequently to
the Kisk mansion. He loved the woman
a J met her alone often under the roof
for which his friend and partner had
paid." /. „ ~^ ' •" - .• '-■••V v. 'I .
goon Fisk knew that the Mansfield only
cared for his wealth. She boasted of her
love for Stokes. Fisk was wildly Jealous
and at once laid plans to ruin Stokes. The
latter was arrested one Saturday night for
embezzling funds of the oil company in
which he and Fisk had become Interested,
furnishing all the oil used by the Erie com
pany. Stokes wns in jail a couple of days,
and then had Fisk arrested for conspiracy
and ;V; false Imprisonment.;' Fisk . forced
down; the^atock' of the oil -company 'and
nearly ruined Stokes. Joslo Mansfield at
once took the part of , Stqkies "< and gave
him letters she ; had received . from : Fisk,
exposing the secrets of Tammany and the
Erie ,ring. Fisk paid $10,000 to get them
back and then sued : Stokes and Mansfield
ror blackmail, seeking* the menctment ox
both for that offense. .This news came to
Stokes, lolling amid the luxury of the
Mansfield home. - It was probably then
that the devil entered him to kill Fisk.
and it has been alleged that Josie Mans
field incited the deed. All of New York
was interested and agitated over the dif
ferences between the two; men. but none
surmised that It would end in red-handed
murder. The whole world was for a time
familiar 'with the details of the tragedy
that - followed. - ' * " X- '^. :■ : ::- , ' -
■: Stokes left the Mansfield place on the
afternoon of January C, 1872, went in a
hack to the Grand Central Hotel and sta
tioned himself in the corridor of the par
lor floor. The main staircase was in front
ot him. Hesbot Fisk twice as he was
coming up that staircase from Broadway.
Stokes was arrested before be could leave
'the hotel. Jay Gould i and -William Sf.
Tweed came to the bedside of Fisk, who
died the next day. His wife and brothera
were with him to the end. v "Josie" Mans
«eld was not there. v\:- ; ' ;':'©S^'^V^
Colonel "Jim" Fisk was burled with all
the honors that New York could bestow.
Stokes, after three trials, was convicted of
manslaughter in the third; degree. After
serving four years in prison he waa par-,
doned in 1877 by Grover Cleveland, - who
was then- Governor of New York.
Since his crime there has been no peace
for him and his face has told the story
of his misery. He has been guarded by
detectives and lived the life of a pariah
ever since on the remains of his fortune
until death claimed him at the home of
his sister. •
After the murder of Fisk the relations
between Stokes and the Mansfield woman
ceased. He is not known to have bad any
interest .again In any living woman, and
the beautiful woman, Rosamond Langdon
Barclay, who made claim while he waa
111 to being his wiT;, was not recognized
or acknowledged in his wilL
While Stokes was lying in prison, a play
was produced at Niblo's Gardens called
"Black Friday," in memory of the great
gold panic engineered by Fisk, and having
for its theme the killing of Fisk. Tha
scene of the murder wot laid in Wall
street, with Fisk shot as he passed the
office of Stokes. Charles Thorns took tha
part of Stokes, W. Price portrayed Fisk,
and Lizzie Fechter waa the notorious
beauty, Mansfield. The play was soon
withdrawn on account of public indigna
tion. . .- ■ '. •: ■ .-■■.-.; ■ ■ - -;;- : . :-- - : V. ■ ■ ;\;\-:
On Stokes* release from prison be spent
some time at the Hoffman House with his
tried friend, Casslus H. Read. Soon after
ward be came to San Francisco, and be
came known as a driver of a number of,
fine thoroughbreds.. John W. Mackay de
sired to possess a sleek little mare which
he noticed Stokes driving, and sent a
friend to purchase It, but Stokes refused
to selL Mackay again sent to Stokes, of
fering iZifiuO for the mare, which waa aL-
declined. Ten days later a messenger ae
llvered to Mr. Mackay at the Palace Hotel
a noto from Stokes reading as follows:
"Mr. Stokes begs that Mr. Mackay accept
the mare Eva, with his compliments and
best wishes." From this dated the well
known friendship between Mackay ana
Btokes. In conjunction with Read, Stokes
'ater bought a mine from Mackay. which
be placed In London and Paris at a profit
of nearly $2,000,000. f>r.
"Joslo" Mansfield fled to Boston, imme
diately after risk's tragic end. From there
she- went to Paris. There she deposited
with the -bankers Bowles Brothers the
bulk of her fortune, It was said. In about
a year the banking firm failed, and the
New York ; papers ■ once . more published
columns concerning the Mansfield, under
such headings as "Downfall of a No'tort
ou9 Woman," etc. She was pictured as
for a time in distressed circumstances, but
it la probable that most of tha wealth
which she Is now ; known to * have • van
saved -from her relations with Fisk "and
Stokes. In 1S31., In; London, sho~ married
Robert L. Beaded formerly, of Minneapo
lis and New York, said to be wealthy. He'
left her. and since than comparatively lit
tle has been heard of her. 2 She returned
to Boston. . but . has J since rone abroad
1718
'.Turing tables ov*r at tn»
.-rein to have a fsr ea?i«r
life of :t than the average p"bl!o
echcol victim.
X If th<?lr life It really harder,
then their stolid Austrn'.lsn t«nperament
Je what saves them. They don't worry
crrr cu»b and flnnl^s a'ld pictures onr
half as RBUCSl as our little over-cultured
American vcrrfcj over his brain-weary
!ng ByBt«9 Of calisthenics, his elaborate
theories' of drawing and his improve.!
musical tommyrot.
Besides er.ioylng life better. th»r«s
theatrical Infants have time to learn
something. Every afternoon of th*-lr liven
they have Bcbool: In this school they nro
taught the three R's sind thfr.s thi"* R's
are useful thirjrs to Jinow. which the
AnifTican public school has no tlir.c to
teach. "■ A .
I went arm;r.(! to th» stsse and tn<»
drefsinc-rooms to fif 1 what the Pollard
Juveniles looked like without the plamour
of the calc'um to embellish them. For
the most part they are fat a* dumpllnjr*
and they pet mad and quarrel in a way
that indicate* ri^rht lusty health.
"Mr. Golfing, I wish to 8<>e you apart. '
Madge comma r,6* the stage raanacer.
Ma<!g<? fc-ls herself star and all the con
stellation besides ■while she Is enthroned
upon a rickshaw seat as Mollle Seymour
of The Goighiu"
Mr. OoMJnR. the :3-year-ol<l Rta^e man
ae«*r. Is used to her and he knows that It
la .iu»<t ss well to humor her soubrette
di*po«itlor.. So she sees him apart.
"Mr. GoVUbz, I want you to speak to
Harold. He is ejctrenvly rude In the way
he handles me." or. "Mr. Golding. I re
fuse to dance In that green Hsiht- It is
frightfully unbecoming."
Madge 5? distinguished among th«» Juve
niles by carrying a mother around with
her. It is r.r- nreSl among them to employ
a mother a~ among other actresses to
carry about the rnont expensive French
maid. The most of them are herded at a
big city hotel and only two or three shep
herdK guard the whole flock.
The most of them are girl*. In "The
Geisha" all of the smart and flirtatious
jCngllsh officers are played by girls.
"They Bins b*»tt»»r than boys," eays one
of ihe shepherds of the flock.
"They are so much easier to manage,",
adds another shepherd.
That counts. A rantankerous youngster
may upset a whole cast as easily an a
prixna donna with bronchitis. When other
youngsters are rantankerous It is a simple
matter to spank them, but you can't
cpank your comedian or your leading lady
In public on the stage. You have got to
trust to moral suasion.
So. inasmuch as the girls are found
more amenable to moral suasion than the
boys, Mr. Pollard has thirty-five of them
and only a dozen pr thereabouts of the
sturdier *ex.
The girls are gathered at one hotel, the
boys at another. - Every morning they all
meet at theSr theater for their rehearsal,
but this does not begin before JU:30, so
they have plenty of loafing time first.
"I always have breakfast In bed," says
the lady of the rickshaw.
Their manager says that they have to
be rehearsed to be kept out of mischief.
They enjoy the practice and It keept them
busy. The paces they are put through are
THE HOWL
OF THE WEEK
no more strenuous than those of the ordl»
nary public school and they are far more
entertaining. The dancing and slnglnC
and business are like the candy D*rt of
rchool, the part that come* on a Friday
nfternoon when you sing the songs you
l!h«. picking them out yourselves, and
when yoii'Fpeak pieces and read stories.
In the middle of the afternoon comes
the Pollard Opera Company's School. The
company carries about its own tutor and
Khool is conducted in the girls' hotel.
There all these precocious youngsters,
who range from 14 down to 7, are taught
to spell and to read and to write and to
"rlth." They don't take to it unkindly,
for it lends variety to their life, but the
artlstle temperament Is not that of the
born student.
It hates above all thingR to add and
Fubtract. Arithmetic is so beastly Inar
tistic.
After school there is a long time to play
in and walk in and eat in and nap in he
fore the evening performance begins.
These children spend far less time in
their dressing rooms than do older ac
tresses. They are Inclined to let well
enough alone In the matter of adjusting
a curl or a sash. Besides this, the most
of them have no malO to storm at, so
they gain time In that. Madge seems to
be the only. one to whom dressing Is a
burden.
"Dear, dear, my obi Isn't straight. Fix
my obi, it Isn't straight."
"Why, It is straight. Madge."
"No It isn't." She shifts It a hair's
breadth. "And I don't like the way my
wig Is put on."
After the wig has been taken off and
put back on several times she is likely
to discover that her eyes have been too
heavily penciled or her lips too little
rouged. While for all any one else can
see, she has been all the time a flawless
French doll, round and be-curled and big
eyed and fluffy.
Daphne, the baby of the flock, the one
who played Officer Tommy Stanley with
a swagger that would put to shame most
genuine officers for the stride and the
*wn*h of It, Is a moat philosophical
dresser. . ■. . - ....... .
"There, I forgot me.'ead covcrln'.I 'av^r
to change mo 'ead coverin! for this
hact." ; i
And she nonchalantly tosses away her
white can and replaces it with the blue.
"Would you button this? I'm gettln' so
fat' I can't Ret me clothes about me." ' '
Silie struts up to me In a vent that lacks
two Inches of the measure of her sturdy
lit lie circumference.
"I en n't get It around you unless I push
all your vital organs up Into your
throat," I say, with some hesitation at
the Job. :
"Never mind. Pinch me if yon like. Me
performances is at stake."
So I pinch her and she never winces.
Daphne lives for art for art's sake.
At our local theater we haVe children
performing for the amusement of grown
ups. -Boston is ..trying, the .vice versa of
the proposition, and experienced theatri
cal folk arc now turning their attention
to pleasing the youngsters. - , .
The recent successful opening of a
beautiful new children's theater In Boston
marks another era In the evolution of the
popular idea that a playhouse set apart
for, and given over entirely to, produc
tions for little folks, Is a necessity that
is bo'und to be recognized.
■ Plays for children are not a new thing.
Many have been written by French dra
matists and produced In 'Paris.
In London for years the children have
practically monopolized .the theaters at
the holiday. season, when an annual del
uge of Christmas pantomimes occurs and
spectncular plays of "Little Red Riding
Hood," "Tho Babes In ; . the Woods,"
"Punch and Judy," "Jack and the Bean
stalk," and other popular nursery tales,'
THE SUNDAY CALIi.
nom tne boards of nanny an tne play
houses. Sometimes as many as thirty
productions of this character are crowded
into holiday week and tljo patriotic de
votion to Christmas pantomime among
Engllahtnen always make a success of tho
festival.:. •■. . ■ -,■:.'■■' ■■: ■ ' ■■ • - ," :-. • .
But the Idea- of a permanent children's
theater Is wholly* new. The movement
began In New York and was formally In
augurated by Franklin Sargent,, of the
American Academy of Dramatic Arts, on
April 16, 1900, when 'a production. of "Jack
the Giant Killer" was given at Carnegie
Lyceum. This wan sufflcletly well - re
ceived to warrant the establishment last
season of a regular series of perform
ances, opening in December and extend
ing without Interruption through the win
ter. ■ The first, play offered was the '.'For
est Ring," a charming fairy • tale', fol
lowed by /'The Clown and the Locket."
Both these plays differed from those
heretofore nut forward ror the entertain
ment of children in that, Instead of being
merely spectacular affairs performed by
amateurs for tho most part, they were
real plays. with a regular. story and plot
running through the entire performance.
Charles Barnard, who Is a keen student
of. child . nature and was one of the
authors of the ."Forest Hlng," says ' of
these- performances: "The audiences
were, according to adult ideas,, vastly Im
polite. Applause I was Infrequent.. . The
children pat completely absorbed in ■ the
performance, grasping quickly every sit
uation and occasionally remarking to
their . neighbors upon . the play and its
characters. They displayed fine dramatto
sense; every. person,- on the stage was
judged, not by his manner of impersonat
ing a character, but by the character it
self. Children are excellent critics of the
piny a«> story. They care very little lor
the art of the performer." < c
• Mr. Barnard is now engaged on a new
children's play. A Christmas pantomime
of unique character by Oliver Herford is
to be produced In New York during the
holidays and a children's opera will be
given during the season, and fancy the
-wild applause that, at no distant day,
will ring through the auditorium of thi\t
children's tV-eater In Boston when Meg and
Jo ariAmj step from the pages of "Lit
tle Women," and move through the
scenes of that charming children's classic.
What unbounded delight will such a dra
matization afford tho thousands of chil
dren who have read and reread the book
till its characters are alive to them.
'. What more adequate way of teaching
history than byjdramatlzlnjr Its dry pages
and presenting It to the children In the
form of a play? In this way, the world
of make-believe, dear to the childish
heart, will be turned to good account and
made the vehicle of truth taught in such
,r pleasing and, Impressive way that its
Imprint will never fade from the'memory.
H^-.-:.:-V:.r:':V'r..,.:.; : v : .;:;..; : ,-.:/.:
!:: The Californlan, -Lucia Burnett. Is hon
iored by-being chosen as a. protege of the
divine VPaddy." . ;. ;, .
7* It-' ought Uo be enough for a musician
to win even a word of approbation from
the Divine; but this young woman is to
be under his especial musical protection,
which be Is by no means generous of. In
fact Lucia Burnett Is his only protege.
She Is from Los Angeles, where her
family have a handsome home on Wash
ington street. The family Is California!!
to the core, and Mrs. Burnett Is the nlec»
of our first Governor. ■..'.■-
She met Paderewskl while she was
abroad in 1597. It was while she was
stopping In iStrassbnrp that he first heard
her play and was immediately Interested
in her. His interest was lasting, and the
result of the meeting was that she was
invited to the Paderewskl home, where
she came to be a close friend of the
family.
In spite of his well known dislike of
women, he has ottered to take charge of
her musical career, and she Is soon to
meet him in Paris to begin her study
with him.
• • •
Mrs. Ceorg Henschel died In her Lon
don home on the 4th of November. She
was on American woman, an Ohloan by
birth, with a fame that extended over not
enly her own country, but Europe as
■well.
De Woifo Hopper and Fritz Williams,
both remembered by San Francisco, are
two of the burlesquers In Weber and
Field's new burlesque on "A Message
from Mars." which is a hit In New York.
Charles Hawtrey is the man responsible
for the hit and Williams burlesques him.
Annie Russell Is playins "A Royal Far*.
lly" again in New York. She Is at ,«f>
Lyceum Theater for the last time, as she
has become so drawing a card that *n«
needs a bigger house. Later in the sea
son she will star in a play by Clyde Fitch,
called "The Girl and the Judgd. It is
said to be a charming comedy and will to
made the more charming by the fact that
Mrs. Gilbert has a part in It.
Mrs Flake's - unfortunate enterprise,
"Miranda of the Balcony," will be re
moved from the Manhattan shortly.
Bertha Runkle's historical novel. "The
Helmet of Navarre." is to be/ produced
very soon in New York. Charles Dalton.
who is remembered here as the herolo
gentleman in "The Sign of the Cross,"
will be "It."
Beginning- the 1st of December Mrs.
Lesllo Carter will appear at the. Criterion
in "Du Barry." David Belasco and the-
Frenchman who wrote the play must
nave fixed up their little difficulties. The
nlay is built somewhat on the "Zasa"
clan end calls for the same kind of an,
actress, being strenuous and Bernhardt
esque. : - : '
Anna Held Is appearing as a Bowery
boy In the last act of "The Little Duch
ess." She sings "Mollle Shannon."
j "Florodora's" first anniversary », oc
curred on the 12th of November and was
appropriately celebrated. - : - • - ■ : >-•,..
Lulu Graser, who made her -i*" friends
while she was leading .woman to Fram^U
Wilson, has made no financial mlstafk*
In starring for herself. ♦'Dolly Vardeo"
the opera written for her by Edwards arid
Stanislaus Stange. is full of catchy music
dnlnty costumes and crisp action. She la
filling her box office coffers.THERE are two ways of looking
at the matter, it teems.
You might not have thought
it. It appears at a gluncc as if
killing under even the mest ex
tenuatir.i? circumstance« is discourteous.
to saj- the least. It is a breach of eti
quette. It should certainly be Included
in all nolite volumes of "Don't."
But there are those who make excep
tions, those who say "on the other hand."
They say that.flaere are occasions upon
crhicn one should waive all polite scru
ples of this kind.. A whole jury of twelve
San Francisco citizens has lately sur
prised the community by saylnsr this
very- thing-. That Jury acquitted Patrick
Clancy of the charge of murder far kill
ing J. N. E. Wilson.
There was no question a? to who did
the killing. By every circumstantial evi
dence Clancy did it. By the dying words
of the murdered man he did it. By his
own Immediate and repeated confession
he did it. Clancy killed Wilson.
Why was he let po?
Because that jury of twelve San Fran
cisco citizens deemed that killing, In his
case, was Justifiable.
You remember what his case was. don't
you?— a simple matter of a pistol. H»
had left his property interests in Wll-
Eon"$ charge, Wilson being a lawyer: WI1-
Eon had abused that charge, according to
the defense, and trouble between tkexn
ensued.
The lawyer told the story before he
died, caying that Clancy had come into
his office and Ehot him down after a short
conversation. He rave It to be under
stood that Clancy had come to the ofllce
with the Intent of committing what he
' called a "cold-blooded assassination."
Clancy, testifying In his own behalf,
told a story of golnr to Wilson's office
to attend to business. Then, said he, they
Quarreled. He alleged that Wilson
threatened to throw him out of bis office
and »eiz<-d a chair with which to strike
him. Being afraid of his life he shot
"Wilson. " l?/i£J.-rX:' : ;i V ,
This is the gist of the story of what
has been determined a Justifiable killing.
The acquittal was popularly accounted
for by the fact that the murdered man
hod a bad reputation, so evidently Clan
cy's story was preferred to his.
He was acquitted on the* ground that
he killed In self-defense, and In
the eye of the law that Is not murder.
But keener even than the eye of the law
la the eye of the conscience. It Is the
moral side of the question that is here
discussed; this is what eeveral San Fran
ciscans from several points of view have
to eay on the subject:
Is klUlrg Justifiable?
r* W R. DANIEL COLE, at present
f\/\ Coiner in our Mint, In the put
I y I pioneer miner, ought to know
I something about murder, thinks
I to myself, thinks L If not he
rnust have been a pretty unobservant fel
low during the years that he lived in the
midst of nuggets, poker an4 guns. If any
body knows what life is In the roughest
mining country of tho West, that man is
Daniel Cole.
"Yes, I do know .a lot about mur
der," he said when I accosted him. "By
observation, not experience." he hastened
to reassure me.
•Tve seen men steal and get killed for
it. I've seen them cheat and get killed for
it. And' I used to think that was right.
But I've changed my mind thcae. days.
"Wnen I was In tho mines people used
to leave a fortune In nuggets lying around
loose, and It was as safe as If it hnd been
under modern lock and key. Any man in
that country knew that It was suicide to
steal It. H« wouldn't have time to think
before he would be strung up to a tree or
punctured with a bullet. The law was no
law, and It was kill quick In those days.
"I was so used to this way of doing that
I thought It was right, but It don't seem
so noW that I look back on it— no. It don't
(Mtn SO. I do»-'t believe WO hnVn nnv
IS KILLING JUSTIFIABLE?
DANIEL COLE.
right to take life except In solf-defcnse."
"Dut there was no law in thul country—
what else could be done?" •
"Walt until the law arrived. It m'.ght
have taken a great many years, but It Is
bound to con™ white the world kerpa'on
progressing. In tho meantime. It la no
body's ripht to takk: the law into his own
hands by killing."
IV. W. FOOTE.
MR. FOOTE was* In. If he had
known what I wanted. It seems,
he wouldn't have been. :
He pointed to a chair and be
gan to settle toward one him
self. He had not quite reached its depth,
however, when my eternal query Ftrucn
him:
"In kUllnr ever justifiable?"
He jumped up as if he had been dyna
mited. ■ ..;.;..:■• ;[, : } : -.
"Now see here." he said, trying his
beat to look savaxr. "I'm not going to
be Interviewed on a legal question unless
there's plenty of money in it How much
have you gct?' v : ';
"To-day'i carfare and a postage
stamp." ■ If 7;W' - '>:.. ■
"It won't do." * * L :.; ■■ .■:-.-' '.':'■
"But this ir.nt a legal question," I ex
plained. "It's purely moral."
"No; it's legal, and I won't express an
opinion." He was striding up and down
the room by this" time.
"But the point of view I am after is
the ethical, not the legal," I said, hesi
tating.
"It's a legal question," he repeated,
striding more terribly than ever. "But,"
he added, and there came Into the corner
of hi* eye that twinkle which is always
death to his most fearful frown, "there
are some people whom I should like very
well to murder now."
"Good." I cried; "that's a statement
Just what I wanted."
HOW A DASHING VENEZUELAN GENERAL
TRIED TO RAISE MONEY FOR HIS TROOPS
ONE t of th« most picturesque figures
in the Colomblan-Venesuelan war
was General Echeverria, the gal-,
lant Venezuelan who fell in battlr. In the
recent rout in Goajira.
He figured in the affairs of General
Mcnd&za, the dictator, in 1892. The Ven
ezuelan soldiers who had fought his bat
tles aealnwt Crespo for him refused . to
take empty promises for pay. They fol
lowed him around the streets of the cap
ital demanding their pay. Once in a while
he managed to get bold of some money,
which he always divided on the spot,
though it seldom appeased the hunger of
the troops for more than a day at a time.
In sheer desperation he called his friend
Echeverria to his assistance. He told him
to k« and get money anywhere, anyhow.
H«> might even take the troops. along to
assist in any little enterprise he might
think of— In fact, he would be delighted
t'> have them go with Echeverria. They,
went, for ISchevcrrla had a scheme ready
to hand.
The story of what next happened is In
tensely interesting to Americans, for an
American Consul figured prominently In it.
In the seaport of La Guayra. the com
mercial metropolis of the country, a num
ber of wealthy merchants were doing
buslr.cfts without Interruption from, tho
two contending forcer. Several of them
•were Spaniards, others Frenchmen, Ger-
THE SUNDAY CALL.
PAUL FRANKE, ONE OF THE JURY THAT ACQUITTED CLAN
CY, HAS SOME EXPLANATIONS TO MAKE. THE JURY
THOUGHT THAT WILSON^/AS NOT MURDERED.
»— V AUL FRANKE. one of the jurv
ff% J ' that acquitted Clancy. diKUSMCtl
y^ '*V e roatl «. r of . the acquittal In hi*
I Mission-street store between sales
of pepsin ' chewing-Rum and pink
tissue pa por. "Is murder JustHlable?" I
asked him. ' -
"No, murder is NOT Justifiable," he re
plied vigorously, whacking tho counter
v.-ith a stick of striped peppermint candy.
"I never said that murder was Justifia
ble. I never thought so. Clancy did not
murder Wilson was what the Jury de
cided. ■;'/■,■■■■■ :■ < ■■>..:"-.' ;' •. '■'■ Y&& ■
"I tell you It was a hard case. I didn't
like It. I lay awake a night or. two over
it. It all hinged on the accounts of the
two men, and ono lied and the other told
the truth. The whole thing was to decide
which was the liar.
"If Wilson told the truth, then he was
murdered; that is. killed deliberately and
with malice aforethought. If Clancy told
the truth, then Wilson had attacked him
and he shot only in defense of hla nr,»
MRS. JOHN F. SWIFT.
I DON'T know anything about it— what
does a woman know about such
things, anyway?" was what she said
at first •' . T -\\ H . ». . k
I reminded her of the fact that she
believed women ware a great deal nicer
than men and a groat deal more cnpablo
and that she wouldn't be a man anyway,
even if she could, and that, according to
all of this doctrine, she must know- as
mans, Italians, Russians, Englishmen and
Americans, besides the native Venezu
elans. A few wtrc acting Consuls for for
eign governments. One was the American
,Vlc« Consul. ' ■■■■.( ' ' •.•■ • ■
Tho United 8tates Consul was Philip C.
Hanna, of Iowa, whose slender figure and
pale features suggested tht student rather,
than tho diplomat. Mr. Hanna was. out
of town on business of tho Consulate on
the morning of September 11, 1892, when
General Echovtrrla suddenly appeared in
the city at the head of a considerable
body of troops. ' He was after money.
The method he took to get It was worthy
of hla dashing and original style. He
simply Belted thirty men in their places
of business and put them In the city Jail.
Among them were the Consuls and Vioo
Consuls of the seventeen foreign govern
ment!. Then be tnado a list of tne name*
of his prisoners, which! ran something like
this: ; -
Name. ..-' V ..• To Get Out.
John Smith ..................... ..../..I 600.00
William Jones . 760.00
David Brown . 1,000.00
Tho sums wero based on the supposed
wealth of the prisoners or their ability to
got -money quickly through* friends. Tho
merchants and Consuls wero protected
against outrage, and refused to pay any-,
thing. - - . ■
-When Mr. Hanna returned to the city he
wbkh Is not the same thing as murder.
"The whole thing was to make up our
minds which was the liar. Either those
two men had an argument' or they
didn't. ; i ■■?. :,.V
"1 thought and I thought about It, and
first I thought one way and then! thought
tho other. I kept changing my mind and
I didn't co to BleeD. V, ' ■ : . ' ;
"I tell you I don't want another case
like that. There wasn't ono bit of cir
cumstantial evidence? there was nothing
but the contradicting statements of tho
man who was dead and the man who was
alive. ' ; \'\ ■ ■ .. '- \ ■■.;.;.. -'■;;.
"When I voted for ocnuittal it was be
cause . I decided that Clancy diiln!t com
mit murder. Up killed Wilson In . self
defense. That Ik the only' case where I
ihlnk killing is Justifiable; murder never
»«••'; -
He gave a concluding thump with the
stick of peppermint candy and It .shat
tered at tho srond climax Into a thousand
red and whits ntnms. .
much about it as the sterner sok. .
. "W«II. then, say nob because I am a
woman, but because Tarn only ;i human
being, I can't Judgo for other people. Kor
mS'self, though: no. I should never con
sider myself justified In killing."
"Not'if some ono robbed you?"
"Not tf soino one robbed me. "\,
"Not to avenge yourself?" \
to avenge myself." ; ; ,
"Not to avongo somo on^. who was still
dearer to you?" :
. "Not then. -Remember, I say for myself.
I c-tn't Judsc for.. others." ;
was warned not to go to his office, where
ji squud of soldiers awaited him. His In
formant . explained the situation of af
fairs, and added that the American Vice
Consul was among those locked up.
The young man went at once to th^
harbor, in the hope that a Red D line
steamer or a United States gunboat might
be there to give him help. There was
none such. Only a little coast patrol boat
of the Spanish navy was there, the Jorge
Juan, mounting three guns, and com
manded by Lieutenant Eulate. afterward
famous as commander of tho Vlxcaya.
Mr. Hanna rowed out to seo Senor Eu
late, whom he knew personally) and asked
him for the loan of a few marines. Senor
Eulate. listened to the story and promptly
loaned the American thirty Spanish sail
ors, armed with cutlasses nnd carbines,
and went back with his' friend, who boldly
marched up to the jail at the head of his
rescue party. '.■V/y-' '■"■'; :' ; "■- ■'.'■*■';
But the guard house was .heavily de
fended, the troops being lined up In front
of tho budding, with a sergeant in com
mand. Mr. Hanna demanded that' tho
prisoners bo' released.- He was met by a.
laugh. "Let them pny first, and -wo will
free thejm,". said the pompoua command
ant.
Mr. Hanna and his Spanish friend with
drew for a consultation. Senor- Eulate
proposed firing. -a', blank shot from "the
# "N T ot in sc!f defense?:'
She paused there^* ."That is the extreme
case, of course," "she' said, while she
thought. ' •
"Well, I think that one ousht not to kill
then, except after due consideration. I
should want to weigh the question:
vh.'.i.-h of these two lives, mine or my as
sassin's, will be the greater loss to the
community? I should act on the decision.
Mind. I don't take into consideration how
much my life Is worth to my Immediate
family, but to the "community at large. If
I can : bc of a greater good' to a greater
number than tho man who wants to kill
me. I h-houM .think I might bo justified in
f:iv|hs mi'self at the ccst of his life. ; "
"At least it seems so. but I don't know
whether I should dare tb take the respon
sibility of -killing on my shoulders if it
camo to the point. \ j i . , ■' . ■ •• ' "
.. "Anyway, I am pretty sure I couldn't If
r would, for I'm more afraid, of a gun
than of a man any day." :; "
REV.W.K. GUTHRIE
IS murder ever Justifiable?" said I to
the Rev. "William Kirk Guthrle. ■
VWhat Is, murder?' said the Rev.
William Kirk Guthrje to me. There
Were two- of his delicious burrs In
'murder," rich and. full, that made It a
yrlc rather than a crime. , , :\.
It occurred to me that It was about tliao
for me to understand the tine points of
:hc definition, v ;* v v ;••.;*. ',.' •._•;.< -.-:■'.::■
"It would have been \ a good thing to
Oj»k It up," he remarked, ~
"But you will do U for me now."
His dictionary said that . it was som=-
Lhlng about killing with malice, prepense.
"Now. you see, all killing Is not mur-
Icr," ho began. "Murder Is not Justlf.A
tile. I think, under most circumstances,
but killing may be. I oelleve that killing
Jorge Juan to scare them. Acting on this,
ho went to the. quay and signaled for the
shot to b* fired- It .was flred promptly,
and In -response the HtCle fortress on
shore plugged a slx-pounder at the patrol
boat, narrowly missing her- hull. Senor
Eulate then, signaled for -a broadside,
which was given, knocking off some of
the masonry of the fortress to the tn
cloaure. '.•'■' T -:■'■ '■: ;■.'• ' ' ■""'"'■'.,'■: s ' -.' '"' -'\
'Echeverria hastened ' to*, remonstrate
with Hanna and Eulate, who were again
confronting the jail guard. The proposi
tion ho made was for a cessation of hos
tilities to enublo him to communicate with
General Memloza. at Caracas.: This would
take u duy, h« said. * . ; : . .;■-■.'■■:■•"■ ■■
"I'll give you Just twenty minutes," said
Mr. Hanna. "If you don't unlock those
gates, my friend and ■ 1 will blow your
confounded old jail Into smithereens!"
Bo saying, ho held. his watch in hand.
At the expiration of exactly nineteen
minutes, Echeverria gave the order to
open the doors, and the prisoners marched
out singing and cheering wildly. .
' Lieutenant Eulate wus court-martialed
in Spain for his breach of international
comity, and degraded and imprisoned; but
when Miv Hanna notified all the forelpn
governments of his danger, and seventeen
diplomatic communications arrived at Ma
drid thanking the gallant'. officer for his
timely old. the 'Spanish. Premier changed
hla tune and promoted th« lieutenant to
a captaincy. ■; : < i : ' ; - :
Kchovorrla got money for Mendoza a
few weeks later by selling a few conces
sions to Americans with abundant capital.
is sor*c*!S:cs right In a lawless country.
There are times when a terrible crime Is
committed and the populace takes tbe
law Into its own hands. Understand me,
I do not Indorse hasty and excited action
of this kind, but rather a deliberate and
carefully meted out punishment. It is. In
f pirit. the same thing as the Justice of the
law, and must take its place where no
law exists.
"Killing in self-ddfensa cannot b«
wrong. The instinct of self-preservation.
Is planted in every oni of. us and 'is Go-I
given. There are cascn where I will go
even farther, and say that the giving of
life Is not the highest form. of heroism
"For instance, a boat Is going down. A
helpless, useless fellow is drowning. An-,
other man. brave and strong and capable
of much good, has the chance to give h*»
life to save the other.
\ "If he does It he will be called a hero
If he does not, he will be edwardly to
some — a man of good judgment to others.
"He perhaps knows hew to handle some
of the boat's apparaJus, and is strong
enough to be of use if he saves himself.
I say that he" should do so and let th«
useless one go.' ■ -
"Sometimes a man shoots to avenge a
wrong done to a sister or some woman
who Is dear to him. I think this is
wrong— yes, I think so."
Notice, he was very slow about saying
that it was wrong, and then he , did it
half-heartedly.
"And 'if a man's wife sins and the mm
discovers it, he sometimes kills the other
man, and sometimes the woman, too.
That is wrong— yes. I be'ieve It Is wrong—
and yet I should be slow to condemn'
him."
Mrs.W. B.HARRINGTON.
IS murder ever justifiable?"
"Never!" said Mrs. Harrington, and
she flourished a feather duster by
way of emphasis, for I had coma
upon her in her housekeeping hours.
"There can never be any Justification
of murder. .Never! I don't care what the
motive, it cannot be 'justified.
"If the laws of our country cannot at
tend to punishing crime, then let crime
go unpunished, 'or rather improve tho
laws. Lynching and all barbarity of the
kind known as 'taking the law into one's
own hands' does nothing but retard prog
ress. Taking life is too serious a thins
to bo dono without the due deliberation
on which the law Insists. Nothing justi
iles murder. I- feel very, strongly upon
the.' subject. Nothing, I repeat.
"If the laws of our nation are not what
they should be. as some complain.' then
whose fault is It? Tbe fault»of tl\» na
tion that makes those laws.- Lynching is
not righting the wrong.- No form' of kill
ing is doing that. It Is not gat ting at tiio
root of the matter. •
"Make .the laws right, then adhere to
them."
hon ho row.
*T O TOW received me in lavender
■ Ij brocade . pajamas that fluttered
1*1 about the wlllowness of him. He
~J discussed murder in a cool ani
. esthetic mood. • .
. "I follow the teachings of Confucius,"
said he. "Confucius teaches us that there
is no good in killing, for by It nothing is
accomplished, and two lives are lost in
stead of one." '
"Then you believe that all killing la
' "Yes: except in self-defense."
"And do your beliefs represent those of
your people?"
. "I think so. They are Confucians, . and
follow the laws laid down by the great
teacher."- fv'^".-'"; \ '/.* " »
Ye gods!* What would poor Confucius
think has" become of his teachings were
he to walk the streets of Chinatown,
where men's persons furnish lodging for
bullet or hatchet blade?
1920
THE SUNDAY! CAUL.t|§fl|]
VOLUME XCI— NO. 1.
FERRYBOAT SAUSALITO PLOWS INTO AND SINKS
SAN RAFAEL IN BAY WATERS OFF ALCATRAZ ISLAND
PANIC, WITH LOSS OF LIFE, FOLLOWS COLLISION.
SOMEWHERE between the last Jutting pier of ;t he water fiyant and Alcatraz Island the Sausalito rode down the San Rafael early last night, crashing into her starboard side. On the
San Rafael was a crowd even larger than the ordinary Saturday night traffic affords. S he was slowly steaming toward ''SaiiJRafael when but of tlie thick fog r the Sausalito crashed
into her starboard side. Men, women and children, terror-stricken, rushed for life preservers and in dire confusion sought every means of escape from drowning. The San Rafael
>ank gradually, 6ome fifteen minutes being consumed from the time of the collision to the moment when the waters closed over .the ill-fated boat. " • ;
How many were lost has onJy been roiighly estimated, fcr the work of rescue went on rapidly and confusedly. The /'accident was due to the impenetrability of the fog that settled
on the bay during the afternoon and clung to the surface of the water all night; Both boats played their hoarse fog whistles incessantly. ,
As the great gap filled up with water panic seized the passengers, two boats remained that many Jum^
trusting to the life preservers. Others found salvation on the small lifeboat or a plank. The scene of confusion and terror is told be^pwby^ ;
All those who came back on .the Sausalito did not bear Avhbie skins. Some were wounded, others had legs broken in the struggle for Iself preservation. 'In several of the hospitals
are men who were saved, but who are more or less seriously iniured. , . .. ' " : •* . ' .
SCENE FROM THE f DECK OF THE FERRY^
Men, Women and Children Are Rescued From the Water, While Cries of Drown=
ing Ring Out Above the Din and Noise of Bells and Fog Whistles.
•wr N the thickiest, mushiest
| fog that ever settled on
5 the San Francisco, Bay
% the ferry-boat San Rafael
-«. was run down last night
shortly after 6 o'clock by
the ferry-boat Sausalito. Fif
teen minutes after the col
lision the San Rafael sank, in
the bay waters. How many lives
The San Francisco Call.
have been lost is a matter of con
jecture. The fifteen minutes that
elapsed from the first - crash as
the bow of the Sausalito cut its
way into the starboard side of the
ill-fated San Rafael until the boat
went down were given up to life
saving. Until the roll of the liv
ing is called the number of
dead cannot be ascertained. -
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 1. 1901—FORTY-EIGHT PAGES.
.The San Rafael- was steaming
•northward' with 'about ; 250 pas
sengers on board. : The hoarse
fog whistles were blowing almost
Continuously. ; Out .of the darlc
ness and the impenetrable , fog
came the big, dark Sausalito. on
hfer return trip to' this city;;; Botlr
boats were under reduced stram^
but so suddeny .was 'the'!, meeting*,
that nofqrderjgiyen by captain
or i other "officer t could ;. save the
collision. - Right above; the pad
clle-boxtlie fcow of the Sausalitb
grpuncHrito the San Rafael, v
'-■:' BUSH v FOB PRESERVERS. '" '
Immeciiate; panic laic^hold of
all; 1 1 The captain^: orders rang
out on the night air, but they were
soon drowned by the wild cries
oh the passengers. Terrified,
their ;> hearts j umping into \ their
■throats • from sheer -fear, men;
;\ybmeh'and children made ai mad
rush toward the -life-preservers:,
They, did hot wait to; see that the
life - preservers went around.
Some enveloped .themselves; with
them. ;■; *%s niahy, as two and three
were tied around thV bodies of a
• single^ person; For a moment,
even amid the clang of bells, the
[puffing of steam/the harsh, fear
engendering; gasps vof the fog
whistles; there was order on
board the Sa.usalito. Some one
man quieted Jthe quaking crowd
.on the' iiipper ; deck and iii plain
view ; : threw; ; hisv life-preserver
aboard' the 'h ISan Rafael. Like
Pages 21 to 34
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
sheep the Sausalito passengers;
crowding, the rail, imitated his
action. Then the thick fog cut
in between the two boats and the
panic became greater and greater
as the darkness grew blacker and
blacker. Down in the water
could be heard the cry of chil-
Continued on Page Thirty-Fin.22
AJVEBTISEMENTS.
THE OLD WAY
Oi Treating Stomach Trouble and
Indigestion, a Barbarous and
Useless One.
W> ray the old rray. but really it I* the
common and usual one at the present
time, ar.d many dyspeptics, and physi-
cians as well, consider the tlrst step In
attempting to cure Indigestion Is to diet,
either by selecting certain food and re-
jecting others or to sroatly diminish the
quantity of food usually taken. :
In other words, the starvation plan is
by many soppaeed to be the first essential
In the cure of weak digestion.
The almost ctrtaln failure of the star-
vation cure for stomach trouble has been
proven time and ajraln. but still the usual
advice, when dyspepsia makes Its appear-
ance. I* a course of dieting.
All this Is radically wrong. It Is fool-
ish and unscientific to recommend dl*t-
ing or starvation to a n*r»on suffering
from dyspepsia, because indigestion itself
starves every organ and every nerve and
fiber in the body.
What is needed is abundant nutrition,
not less, and this means plenty of good,
wholesome, well cooked food and some
natural digestive to assist the weak
Ftomach to digest it.
This Is exactly the purpose for which
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablet? are adapted,
and this is the may they cure the worst
cases cf stomach trouble.
The patient eats plenty of wholesome
food, end Stuart'* Dyspepsia Tablets di-
gests it for him. .
Ar.d this is in accordance with nature
and common sense because in thl* . way
the mbole system Is nourished and the
overm-orked stomach rested, because the 4
tablets will digest the food, whether the
f tomach works or not. One of Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets will digest 1SD0 grains
of meat, egc* and similar food. .
Any druggist will tell j-ou that Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets is a remedy of ex-
traordinary value and probably is the
purest and safest remedy .for stomach
troubles.
So person suffering from poor digestion
and lack cf appetite can fail to be im-
mediately and permanently benefited lf
they "would make it a practice to take
one or two of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
after each meal.
Specialists
f *A Men
J^pSir Largest Practice
re^TV^ on the
X XfJI / Pacifi c Coast.
Dr.TalcottSrCo.
Many Men Treated for a Weak-
ne«s Which Never Existed.
ISC THE LARGEST PROPORTION OF
cases of lost vitality. pTematurenesa and the
train of symptoms known as "weakness, " cer-
tain morbid conditions of the urethra, and pros-
tate eland, damared by early dissipation, too
often rtceated and too lor.r continued excite-
ment *j reset en the orrans that a condition
of diminished vitality and function Is induced.
Our kncwledre of the morbid chances In the
crjrar.s theraeelve* Ir quite clear and full, but
how these chancres operate en the nerve* and
r;>:Tial cord center are mysteries to the medi-
cal profession. Whatever the morbid change
may be. however, the effects are apparent to
the embarrassed rjSTerer: these troubles belns;
symptomatic cf the above mentioned and well-
defined morbtd conditions, it seems that even
the um>ro;f»>kmal r&tient must understand
that stomach druscisc will not care, but ef-
forts directed toward reralrlnr the damapM
tract will restore. la sractlce such Is the
case, as the treatment on these lines never
falls to accomplish the desired result. Colored
chart of the orrans sent en application. ,
Portland Office: 250S Alder St., Cor. 3d.
San Francisco Office: 997 Market, Cor. 6th.
Dnddlestcn's Embezzlement.
ST. LOUIS. Nov. SO.— C. O. Knox. presi
dent of the Stockyards Bank at East St.
Louis elated to-day that he was satisfied
from the checking up of the bank's book",
fo far as the process has gone, that the
discrepancy In the accounts of Theodore
Duddle*ton Jr.. the MFifttant cashier,
-would come within S12/JOQ. Knox said it
would re*t with the eurety company on
Duddleston's bond what proceedings
against him ehould be begun, the officials
of the bank not feeling that It was In
cumbent on them to take such *tepn. The
company has announced that It will not
take action before next Thursday.
Friedman's » Furniture
A f ore • thought :
Tardy choosing makes tardy giv-
ing, and a tardy gift appears like
an after-thought
There arc many beautiful things that are useful and
useful things that arc beautiful on our six immens
floors which fill every requirement of gift-makiug
A comfortable chair, a pretty cabinet or tabourette, a britht rug or a soft
cushion— a thousand things to choose from. The big store is arranged for
your convenience and you are always welcome even if you only come look
An open bookcase Is preferable for books that are In constant use —pop-
ular works and books of reference. Being so much lighter without a door
they are easy to move to accomodate student or invalid. One in gold,
or mahogany finish, four adjustable shelves, brass curtain rod $5. 60
"Yezid" Rugs^
Dainty, Dtlft-figured effects In blues and greens on a pure white ground;
different pattrrn on either side. A rug that will add lightness and fresh-
ness to the bedroom. Two and a half by five feet; fringed ends 95 CtS
"Thf. Creoit Houie." Six Storia High. >
POSt Stree ..;;,--■.■> 3 y --;*.;
NEWS FROM THE CAPITALS OF EUROPE
PLAN A HUNT
IN THE JUNGLE
Whitehouse and His
Party to Stir Up
Africa Forests.
Newport Man Likely to
Add to Geographical
Knowledge. i
LONDON*. Nov. 30.— William White
house. Jr. of Newport, ' R. I., who has
been in London this morning:, testified In
an arbitration case In connection, with a
personal dispute betweeen two members
of the Harrlson-Whlteslde Abyssinian
expedition, which was. to start in a few
-weeks dn a fresh expedition to the heart
of Africa, accompanied by Captain Pow
ell Cotton of* the Northumberland Fusl
leers.
They intend to go In a Belgian gunboat
up the Congo to Basoko, thence, through
the pygmy forest to the' north,* avoiding
the usual forest route to Uganda, ami
then ' piish - on and explore the unknown
portions of Lake Albert. The chief ob
jects of the expedition arc to obtain big
game, but it will also include practical
surveys from which valuable* geograph
ical results may be expected. Whitehouse
hopes' to return in about nine months.
Children Are Burned to Death.
PHILADELPHIA. Nov. SO.-Nellie Kel
iey, aced 5 years, and her 10-months
-old-slater Ella, were burned to minhHn
the result of playing with matches, and
Mrs. James Kelley, their mother, was se
\erely burned while endeavoring to save
them. ' '"'
Shows Courage on a Gallows.
BOISE, Idaho, Nov. 30.— Edward Rice
was hanged In the penitentiary at 8:15
this morning for the murder of Matt Mall
ley at Wallace, Idaho. September 4, 1900.
His neck was broken. Rice went to his
death without showing any signs of fear.
Will Get a Life Term.
GUTHRIE. O. T.. Nov. SO.— Albert Wel
ty. who with Ben Cravens held up the
store of Swart* & Co. at Red Rock last
year and killed Alva Batoman. a clerk,
was to-day convicted of murder In the
first degree and will suffer life Imprison
ment. Cravens, for nytiose capture ic
wards of J5000 are offered. Is still free.
Catarrh
II a constitutional disease.
It originates In a scrofulous condition of
the blood and depends on that condition.
It Often cause* headache and dlizlness,
Impairs the taste, smell and hearing, af*
fecta the vocal organs, disturbs the stomach.
It Is always radically and permanently
core* by the blood-purifying, alterative
and tonic action ot . . .
Hood's Sarsaparilla
This crcat medicine has wrought the most
wonderful cures of all diseases depending
on scrofula or the scrofulous habit.
ttOOD'e Pills are tho. best cathartic ,
Tan-Bark Plant Destroyed.
ELK. Mendoclno County. Nov. 30.— The
tan bark extracting plant of the Califor
nia Tanning Extract Company was de
stroyed by fire this morning. The fire
originated In the engine room, and when
discovered had gained such headway that
it was Impossible to control It. About IK
cords of tan bark was destroyed.
Photographer— Now, then, don t wear
that gloomy expression. Look pleasant!
Mr. Staytome— You Jcat go ahead. I
want to send this picture to my wife, who
Is spending the summer at the shore.—
Philadelphia Frets. . .
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY,; DECEMBER;!, 1901
BY GABLE TO THE CALU
DUELS EXCITE
THEIR WRATH
Lawmakers in Reichstag
Discuss Insterbufg
Affair.
Editor Sharply Attacks Amer
ica's Police on the
Isthmus.
BBRLIN.VNOV.; '30.— Th*;; session of the
Reichstag so far has besn uninteresting.
With the exception of the dueling Inter
pellation the house has been occupied with
discussing the law providing for reform
In the relations between sailors and their
captains, Introducing more modern;con
ceptions Of the rights of labor.; The bill,
however, falls to Interest the, members
and the; debates: •have: taken place i to
empty benches. The Reichstag will begin
the tariff debate December 2. , V'V-
The dueling debate •■'attracted the closest
attention of the country owing to Uhe
sensational character of the Insterburg
affair and showed that the antl-duellng
sentiment Is strongly- growing In the
Reichstag. There y?as much i display of
indignation among some legislators. Even
the Conservatives omitted their usual plea
for military duels. Some quarters 'ex
press the ; view that dueling is now so
fully condemned by other countries". that
the end of ;lt^.l«%n?a1rV ; jfl«e.ssfjppymi»tib
people, however, assert that the speech
of the Minister of War, General yon Goss
ler, changes nothing and promises no rad
ical step against; duellng. : while Emperor
William's energetic action in removing the
regiment's colonel : meets ::■ with v great
praise. The papers point out that? his
Majesty's decree of 1S97 does not go far
enough to prevent dueling and that It Is
still possible for officers to compel duels
under It. '
Objections to Uncle Sam.
American questions attracted the usual
amount of attention this week. .While the
action of the United States on the isthmus
of Panama Is admitted .by falrminded pa
pers to be In accordance ; with treaty
rights, the Cologne Volks Zeltung makes
It the~ subject of a: sharp attack. -It as
serts that the lesson learnable by.. the
isthmian occurrences Is that ; the .North
Americans,, in spite of the sovereignty of
other countries and In spite of solemn
treaties, will act In each cas? as it suits
their selfish desire. The paper •.'; sharply
criticized the United States for. preventing
Colombia from landing troops fat Colon
ar.d says that therefore the friendly rela
tions between the Ignited States and Co
lombia is the friendship of the cat and
mouse.' : '■ .'{■-■ : '.- ; ..:>■ :->. ; :- ; v-:: ; -V,-:--": ; 'V^"::;>-:'- : . : ::.\-
The Cologne Volks Zeltung finally ad
mits the United States' rights, under the
treaty, to protect Isthmian traffic, .''but
only if Colombia expressly asks for such
protection, which she has not done," and
the paper calls the present action "usurp-'
atory." The paper also takes offense at
Secretary Hay. ! s,rccept speech, character
izing as "braggadocio" his. references. to
the United States' ."unlimited power and
gigantic military deeds."- - : r :'.: ■. ; .., >V."
The tariff discussion also continues to
be, directed at the United States. At a
meeting of the manufacturers of the Co
logne district the secretary, Herr 8teller,
referred to the threatening American
competition, adding that It was necessary
that the tarlCF policy of Germany should
take into consideration ""this overpower
ing competition." He asserted that the
United States docs not want commer
cial treaties, since those that had been
drawn up remained unconfirmed by the
Senate, and maintained thar even the
new German tariff contains no duties ap
proaching the United States duties. The
Secretary also said:
Wants a Treaty Broken.
"We must adopt special measures
against the United States and must dis
regard the question of the renewal of the
commercial treaties with 'other.- countries.
We must adopt a tariff policy similar to
that of the United States and must also
denounce the present treaty with tho
United States." -V. : ■:':-:;.':' ■■;'■■■;[ '■■■'■;.';: ':■>-■■
Secretary Steller added that the United
Etatcs occupies an unfavorable position
In the tariff question. She has tariff con
troversies with various 'Countries and
would avoid a tariff war with Germany
if the latter gives similar tariff treatment
In retaliation. ; 'f r-: " v 1
The antl-Chamberlaln excitement Is
subsiding. The students of Erlangen and
Strasberg declined to take part in a dem
onstration against the British Colonial
Secretary, taking the ground that his ut
terances were not Important enough to
Injure the German army. *.. i .
The Government has decided to estab
lish a bureau of labor statistics apparent
ly similar to the one In Washington.
Haupttnann's new drama "Der Rothe
Hahn," which Is a continuation of the
"Die Blberpclz/ had Its first "performance
this week at the Deutsche Theater and
was a disappointment. The critics admit
that It has some strong points, but say
the work Is not even. The public re
ceived the play coldly. '.-■ : :
Diplomat Suffers Embarrassment.
LONDON. , Nov. 30.— Amusement has
been created among the members of the
diplomatic corps by what Is termed: tho
French Embassador's ordeal -at, the
Thanksgiving dinner given under i the
auspices of the American Society in Lon
don. M. Cambon was obliged to listen to
expressions of Anglo-American brother
hood, which toward the end of the dinner
developed into enthusiastic prophecies
that the world would be. controlled by
English-speaking peoples, without a sin*'
filw cre ?? n . c . e i o c,^ rance « xc °P t by Henry
White, United States Charge d'Affatres,
who, with a tactful - utterance, officially
dlxowncd this thoughtless treatment of
the chief guest. . : ■■■_,-.. -
Wireless Telegraphy for. Torpedoes.
LONDON, Nov. 30.— The regular exodus
of American officials from London Is now
taking place. Within a fortnight the'Em
bazsador. second secretary and the navy
and military attaches will all be In Amer
ica on leave of absence, only Henry
White. Charge d'Affalres, and William C.
Eustlft. the third secretary, remaining. at
the Embassy. Commander- Richardson
Clover, the naval attache, takes back for
the Inspection of the; Navy Department
another invention for controlling tor
pedoes by wireless telegraphy which ne
Inspected this week. Tho Inventor's ex
periments show that torpedoes not only
can bo steered by etherlc waves, but can
be stopped, started and fired at will by
means of this agency. ■ <
Wales. Will Not Challenge.
LONDON, fiov. 30,-Evenvif. those al
leged-to be concerned In tho effort to in
duce the Prince of Wales to challenge for
the America's cup did not categorically
deny the truth of the 'report, it would bo
palpably absurd. Lord Dunraven and Sir
Thomas Lipton. the ! two yachtsmenr men
tioned as co-opcratlng to this end, arc no
toriously opposed to each other, while
'other members of the Royal Yacht Squad
ron, for some reason or other; and in, mpUo
of the efforts to the contrary, vigorously
oppos* Sir Thomas Lipton. His chances
of election to the Royal Yacht Squadron
arc still as remote as ever, i
JACKSONS FAST
IN LAW'S GRASP
Diss ' Jde par; and Her
Hijsfr9,iicl Are Held
.for Trial.
Londoi Judge Decides They
" Must Appear at Old *
"': ; JBailey.
f ; LONDON, Nov. 30— In anticipation of
this being > the v last appearance • In: public
of Theodore Jackson and Laura Jackson
(Ann O'Della 1 . Dlss : de Bar) vbefore tftelr
committal fortrial at thejOld^Balley th«
Marylbone' Police Court' wasj crowded';to-,
day. if. . ; '.;'->:-..-"^.'^i?:\-:
v The principal/: witness during the;, day's
proceedings was Dr. Mary Adams, whose
testimony the female prisoner declared at
tho -last hearing would prove; that \ tho
present charges were the' result of. a con
spiracy on -the part of the promoters' of
a rival »ect^;known as ''ithe Koreshan' Un
ity.V; Tho female prisoner's cross-exami
nation of ; Dr. Adams Jed to several scenes,
during which Jackson denounced ' Dr. Ad
ams as a murderess. - * * ~ v •* . *
to th6 cvldence^of Dr.^Adarns;
she left Ohio in 1893 and got mixed up
with the prisoners 'at Glen Echo; a su
burb of; Washington. 'She turther<testi
fied that < the prisoners obtained from her
money under false pretenses and lured her.
to New York. : Sho accompanied them to
England, 'Paris and Cape Town. ; Finding
that: the-^trentf- of : Dr. ; Adams* r evlde'nc'e
was unpalatable, the female prisoner sud
denly shouted: J 4 ; ■ v ■ ;; - , ;; -- •• - ,
"Your' husband died of ! poison, didn't
be?"- ., . ,. ,„...• , . :.,
"No," replied Dr. Adams.- V ;
■ At: this point the male prisoner Jumped
to his feet. ■.'*..,..-- : ;
"You are a murderess!" he shoiited.
5 -Mrs. -Jackson calmed her husband ;and
then continued to cross-examine Dr. Ad-'
-ams^who denied that she was ever ao
cvted of murdering her husband. When
later -she was examined by Charles Ma
thews,:' senior; counsel to the Treasury,
Dr. ; Adams -related her own experience
with the. prisoners, which resembled Inci
dents related by the girl victims. While
at Cape Town the: Jackson establishment
was so notorious that the soldiers mob
bed the house.* - ' , * ~ . --"-,"
After further testimony had been pre
sented in -.regard to the male prisoner's
malpractices, the prisoners both r de
nounced Dr. Adams with shouts of "liar"
and "perjurer." The prisoners were com
mitted for trial at the Old Bailey Court.
Germany Makes a Concession.
LONDON, Nov. 30.— News has reached
London that In response to the pressure
brought to bear by American and British
companies Germany has made an import
ant concession in connection with the ntw
insurance law, which comes Into force In
January. It Is to the effect that com
panies deciding to retire will" be consid
ered practically nori-cxlstent and will not
be compelled during the process. of liqui
dation to conform to the conditions of the
drastic new measure. This insures the
German Government not taking over mrch
assets and liabilities of these companies
as were under Governmental control, the
probability of which had previously great
ly exercised foreign Insurance Interests In
Germany..- ?j.-\ -.-, '■ ... •....,■/: it .-:■ • ;*..■ ■,. •, ••:
Success Attends Mail Service.
NEW YORK, Nov. 8O.-The Lake Shore
limited train bringing the Australian
transcontinental mall arrived here on time
to-day, and the mall was transferred to
the steamship Campania. This Is the
third time that malls from 'Australia des
tined for England have been transported
by means of the American mall service,
and as on previous .occasions, connection
made with the transatlantic steamers in
time to save many hours as compared
with the Suez canal route.; There were
432 pouches In to-day's consignment.
Chinese Fight Ordinance.
FRESI^O* Nov. 30.— Injunction proceed
ings have been Instituted against the
chief of police, chief of the nre deport
ment and city pnzlneer to restrain them
from tearing down Iron and other bar
ricaded doors In the Chinatown quarter.
The . proceedings Involve the legality of
the new ordinance against places resorted
to for the purpose; of gambling. ,
Republican Senators to Caucus.
WA SH INGTON,- Nov. x 30.-The Republi
can Senators will meet In caucus Monday
afternoon for the purpose of selecting a
committee to fill the vacancies on the
committees. ' ■■ \ ■■■ . : * : * ;. >. ■ ; -,. ■; "•* •
APVEBTISEMJSNTB.
Cancerous
■■"^t>' ■/'"^fc. M*. ■"**.'■' **i are moat fre-
% A |^ AC fluently to be
yyi ,VV face, neck or
.: • - breast,' \ though
they are liable to appear upon other parts
of the body. v-'. When they begin to spread
and eat into the flesh, sharp, piercing
pains are felt nn the underlying tissue is
destroyed ana the tender nerves exposed.
Cancerous sores develop from very trifling
.causes; a carbuncle or boil, swollen gland,
a little watery blister on the tongue or
lip, a wart, mole or bruise of some kind
becomes an indolent, festering sore,
which in time degenerates into cancer.
: ".Ten yakrs a.a*o £. \aSK3W
had a »ox« on my loft • • i §4?'^^^^^ '
tomple, which tho Mfe- \A
doctors pronouhcod §pj£&ixi m >'. '< \\jl
a canoerou* uloor; KapuMSi^. Ml
it would Itoh, burn flfflfijfTfpi K2»
and bleed, then scab imHUsi t^. rSV 1
OTor, but -would- )HBBUlV.^ffl£>'
never hoal, • Af tor ■^BSbSv^^seS
taklnir S.S. 3. awhile Sffii^'^^S.
tho aor* becan to SiffK^pET^^ra^
dlnobararo, and when ■BK»«w)BWy<te.^^fc i
all ' tho polaonous WEBmSE8W$&%!
mattor had panaed
took ;>in> all
thirty bottles, ' oontlnuinv it for toms
time after the sore '. had healed, to bo
luro all the poison was out of my ays*
tern. Have seen no sien of tho cancer
In ten years. ' JOSEPHUS REID,
; Oant, Audrian, Co., Mo.
M^ 4B^ is strictly a vegetable
■LJ^ remedy, and, while
:^^.'^^L possessing purifying
k^B^tV^^B and healing properties
"^a^.^s^.^^ that no other medicine
docs, contains nothing that could derange
"the system. - While cleansing the blood
it also builds up the general health.".;
* If vou have a suspicious sore, or other
blood trouble,' "•end*/ or bur free book on
Blood 'and Skin Diseases, and write to us
for any information or ! advice wanted ;
*fe make uo charge for this service. !
TH2 SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, QA. •
-■••:. v v:,; : : '■■■■:■:.■■■' : ± N: : ' ; iV;- ? ':.;-W/-' ; -■ :^ ::^S : Z ' •^j-'^^-j^py^'y^EMENTa. ; ' : %X' '" * M
PRESIDENT CARROLL'S WONDERFUL RECOVERY;
Catarrh Claims' a Mnltitnde of : •^ik*>
Victims Every Winter, ' 0^^^> -^TTr
Will Yon Be One of Them? ' . iV.'^jjl iVvif 1
-Catarrh Is silent and Insidious In its : /A 1/^1^ ll jliw .^ssiSkw^Sy^^a'H* '/A
ravages, but it pervades nearly every lt\ vJ/\ it I I C^ j| / f \\ .
household and, hovers like a pestilence J^l \V Jj 1 ft I | (fS? I ' 1/ / frll '/\
over every hamlet and city In our land. v Y/ n«s*^v I f / / t T£l]i j 1 \N5c / Jt-
Catarrh (and Its legitimate conse- |/>58«\ / I ( /© / I 'I /K>^M~Z/
quences) have desolated more hearth- u^v N\j I Jj • \ Vv*J * V^' ' ll I ir^jfer
stones, made wretched 'more happy lives 5. ■■,.-. y/^r r / / Hf : '' : ''''ltw^\ V \ V\
8nd ended more brilliant careers than all - Ajli • /in \^2^* - ' fk ' \\\}/i
other diseases combined, v » . '. " : : - : <fl\ I /wl ||\ ■ I \\ ffil^^ i^^
Catarrh may end In deafness, blindness, I ,([: Vl | 1 1\ \jS/% ' III I \\1 I 1 V
loss of smell, loss; of .taste, or the entire .11 f ll I \m\Wf l *l^J^. \\ W'-'l \^
Diphtheria, bronchitis, pneumonia, con- // I : \ « ' *-^W \ / V ■ ) .:Mj! I f I \\
sumption and pleurisy bcsln almost al- ; 1 1 U I \ A tU^'^'if 1 s5*l\ ' '■' J\ tt^H If / ? ' W
ways as'^tho result of alcatarrhal attack: || I I'---- \^\\^--.y^ff' : -l " V^ »/ V / A' ' B : /■> j 11
: .The worst forms v of dyspepsia .and ; :j| I I \ -V ■ n \*»Jtk^^ \ u ' m I ll
Brlght's disease of the kidneys are also ;l| I I ; \ \ cL-J \ /7t\ 1 ' \_-)\ / - ll
the direct consequences of neglected cases 'll II \ V . *• ."^^y Vt/I\/ —^7) / I \\ \ I
: Even : when , the victims of acute ca- •; :\ jl < \ Vl -/ • '- jw f / '■ II I
tarrh -escape all of the above" mentioned >;'■:,>/■-■< ■'■I ll \ \W 'XL/'~/7m /• ■II I
liabilities " there remains the great prob- ,' • \ I I . V v\ . W \/ .■'..■. ■-..■'• jp £ J '"'■ -I j! /-'
ability of Its ending In chronic catarrh. '".'", II ? \ V^. \ X " * jtw -^ /. ' II il •
Theonly hope of: success In the perma- M ?C v^. - : x^ f : '■ ' j0' : f. ■'•'-- J-- '••■'■■' // J'
nent< cure: of i a case of chronic catarrh ..■■•■. F/k ' ■-' - l '~ • -^y^^ 7 *- " 7-" ;i ""Vy''"/"'X-' ■ ■--""*■■ // ' . .;
Is to'rtevlse some remedy that will stlm- . /[A \^ ' V^^v / ' v^F^J- ~' : W' '-' f *■'■'■'■'. ¥ \
ulato the nerves which supply the capll- ' IA\I} \. V^»7 sdr '■£.- : f-"-- \ /
.vThere'is 'but ;onei ; remedy that has this : "' /: y/L ... -' ' '■ ' ' f 'j ■.''■'■''y-. 1
most desirable effect, and that remedy : is ; /^IK. : ; •; . .^^ ■ : -; '■- -yW ■ f ■.: ■:-. - \
remedy strikes at once. at the root . (\. 11]/ V^Ml/Z/v - \."\ # /?''■''•' : 'Js9 t^. I
of the catarrh by restoring to the capll- tmrTtf5vv *V^ffi^O- \ \ # '/ V^5» * v*\ /
lan f vessels their healthful elasticity. "WiXu) *2s7'^-; A \// / / Jl
,; Peruna Is not a temporary; palliative, : ff^H/ym JBK~^ag'^f& \ Y/ I f iftmT^rf '
'Mr.* Joseph A. Bossong; 454 West 37th K/fr^ - jfi9~~i^<?H fSf^T \ A CARROLL/^ t\Jj)
Ptrfet. Now York City, N. Y. f Is Chief uKK \ »V ]7\
RanRtr f)f Court Independence of the An- *T^ ~)y^^SS^**'*^y^'**'-~--y^»^ \
clent Order of Foresters of America. " He f\ -I - '^'' : -^—- '■-■ ■ ---^^^Zf&^tZl
Is In the grocery; business 'at 454 West 37th "-■.:' ...'.' ' ;:: : : : - ' '"' ' fL^j^^^^^^J^ /c^y^^^Tv '-■
slalu^e Sd physi^^^rris'as 3^ j^^-^'^K^ from worn 33, a
-vin my business i have to be at my. "Two years ago I had an aggravated case ofcafar.'h which hung
mer^'winS^^^ScT't^: to me despite the treatment I received from the dolors. I l^is
S^eaSa^'Sia^a^ persuaoed totryPeruna/andimprovedrapidly and before I had
'V^^into my stomach, i .uf- **** ih ™ oottkswas completely cured. I consider Peruna a boon
fered from a painful headache fsom loss f c y Humanity ''—JOHN CARROLL T
of sleep and nervousness. I lost my ap- . „. ... . , .i - .
petite, and when I did eat heartily of _*a can consclentlousiy recommend your It to me. as It cured him of the worst
anything that I relished I had a distress- T*™ 1^; ■, * % a Jk f ■♦ ♦ ♦.♦ M ♦ t tw*;; form of catarrh of the stomach. I weigh
ed feeling and my stomach refused to all-around rood ,' 11O _ > fortv vomte more than I have for
work. 1 read about others who suffered medicine to X Jgy^-^w . year3."-H. E. Vaughn.
as. ■ V did being cured by Peruna, and \I those who are •♦- f ,^lH^ :^ : --"- A r«nU?«ii» riw,»r.. a ™««
trlo.1 it. In tv?o months I waa a* well as In need of a i fj -k. Louisiana Congressman.
though J never knew what catarrh wm, C u t h rrh hJ^ en ?.n'^* t. Pt V* 7 WSf V. Hon * J ' Flo >' d Kln S, ex-Memter of Con-
and the nrst symptom of the malady has ■ m c e °5ed I to me* <► I LJl Pi h* « ress from Louisiana. ex-Brlgadler Gen-
never come bark to me since I got rid of. by ' p^ O pi e who -f- - Lj^K yij> ' *' eral m the Confederate army, writes from
it. Ten bottles of Teruna cured me."— have used It as ■♦■ WjpE\ [/& "f Wa5nln S t0n « D - c -. a» follows:
J. A. IJosaong. .:"-/£ t remedy par. ■♦• WW*» /feSfe "*" "Bcicg personally acquainted with.
" v« , r, . 1. -iw. rr . : -tlcularly_ effect- >- Jpr ' SSfffimS T many distinguished men. national stales-
Chronic Catarrh Fifteen Years. Ive Jn the cure \ tAf&MM % men and others of hl S h character from
W.s; Arnold, Peachtre*. Ga., wTites: those who 'need a11 over tne Unlted States who I observa
"I was a victim of chronic catarrh for a good catarrh 4- ''"V-. -;^- . -♦■ by the public prints have given their in-
flfteen years, and: was cured in; 'vtwo medicine I know -► Hon. H. W. Ogden, 4- dorsement to your great catarrh remedy,
months by Peruna. I had tried every of nothing b«t- ■<- of eBnton, La. ,+ Peruna, I unhesitatingly state that I am
medicine that came under my observa- ter.".— _H- _ ' "*' k kj i k k kk i 4 » s X convinced It is a medicine which will ef-
tlon, but my disease only became worse, ogden. "*" T V T T T T T T T T >T feet all the cures which are claimed for
and I continued to suffer day and night Pe-ru-na Cfures Catarrh of the Head. Its use."— J.» Floyd 'King.
with my head. I would to God every one „ _ Vo ,,_ h - ,« w*«h«npton mt£*i , lf you do ? ot derlve Prompt and satls-
knew of the great benefit resulting from H ?",^^ gl^; !t ?f- factory results from the use of Peruna.
iii. n«7if p»rim» "_w 8 Arnold Jiamllton.-p. k writes. . .-.■-.. -., .,-.-.■ write at once to Dr. Hartman.. giving a
f, ®w w n^.rrnL«.m»n frnm T "I -took Peruna'.f or- catarrh of the. head full statement of .your case, and he will
Hon. H. W. Ogden. Congressman from andh ave received glortous benefits* from b« pleased to give ybu^his valuable adi
I^ulslana, in a letter written at Wash- Ba me. I suffered with catarrh of • the vice gratis. ,. .* . : - :.. J
ington', D. C, says the following of Pt- head— always felt tired - ami • had»as'dull Address Dr. Hartman. Presldent j of -Th«
runa, the "national catarrh remedy: " ' \ headache. My grandfather recommended Hartman. Sanitarium, Columbus, O. •■»:•
sc AZTOLpnro itaixs
■ WITH ELEVEW MEN
One San Bernardino Workman Is
v Dying and Several Are Seri
•'■" ■ - • ously Injured.
8AN BERNARDINO, Nov. ».— An Im
mense scaffolding on which fifteen car
penters were at work constructing the
Southern California Ice Company's plant
here, gave way shortly before 5 o'clock
to-day, precipitating eleven men a /dis
tance of thirty feet to the ground. A.V
were more or less injured, as were four
others who had been working at the bai s
of the structure and were caught by fall
ing Umbers. : v - : - ■■ . :::■■■ :<-^'
Among those most seriously hurt are:.
J.D. Stevens, back wrenched and para
lyzed; H* R Henderson, leg broken: E.
Clark, both legs broken; Frank Knadler,
Internally injured. . -'v
Knadler. who wan an apprentice, 15
years of age, will die from his Injuries.
Seven men had climbed out on the scaf
folding, causing all the; inside timbers to
rIvp way. Henderson is from Colton,
while the remainder of the injured men
live in this city. • Several other men were
bruised, but not seriously hurt. .
EXPERT OPTICIAN." .-.'.
Give New Sight
U For Xmas make a present that will be highly
appreciated for ' • ' • , r -
Many years to come. -
This can be accomplished with Mayerle't Su-
ptrlor Eyeclaosrs. These Glassea are the only
onta Indorsed by the highest V. 8. Army, Navy
and Government officials.
U. 8. Trademark. 1 '■ .V';-'^'' : -V;
These Glasses are sent by express with prlvll-
««« ot trytnjr them beforn paying any chargqes.
Prices J5. $10 and $15. When ordertna- by . mall
state' age. occupation; also whether glasses are
wanted, for reading or, to see oft. ■ '
OFFICE CHlIFOF POLICBB^
1 It given, mn much pleasure. to recommend to
tho .'public Mr. George Mayerle of Ban Fran-
cisco. 1 have been using glasses the past four
years and during that time have consulted sev-
eral opticians, but not until I ; consulted ! Mr.
George Mayerle and had him fit glarsci to ray
eyes did I get entire satisfaction. Most respect-
fully, -.' -- • - Jr H. ANDRRSON,
. ■■■■.:;■■ : ; . Sergeant of 'Police, San Fr&ndsco. ,f
From General Wm. R. Shatter.
Mr. George Maycrle. San Francisco." : . ; v .-,'
j Dear Sir: The glasses made by you received
yesterday. I have never been better fitted than
with ,thl» pair. Very truly youn. r v v
• . WM. R. SHAFTER. "
:■;; ■■"-.' \ ■■'■':■' Major General U. S. V. ;
Ho-i.- H. " R. ■ Klncnltl. Secretary of State.
Ordered by malt, and writes: My Dear Mr.
Mayerle: The pair of eyeglasses you sent me
from a description^ gave you without seeing or
examining- eyes are moat excellent— THE DEST
I HAVK EVER 1TAD, although expert opti-
cians have examined ryes and made glasses to
order. It Is wonderful how you can succeed so
well In fitting persons you. have never seen. I
feel- under great obligations to you for the
comfort and benefit derived from your glasses.
Yours very truly, --U. R. KJNCAID,'; .
, > >■ secretary ot State, Oregon.
MAYERLE^GLASSES
Strengthen the Bye end Brain
GEORGE -MAYBRLBi
Graduate Ccrman Expert Optician.;;.
■ '-. ; 'German Optical Institute. / v. '■■::
Also - graduate AMERICAN COLLEGE OF
OPHTHALMOLOGY. . (Charter member Amer-
ican. Association of Opticians.) :■ ' ;: i
lOTl'A Market «trcot. Near 7th,
■.;,:;■• ■;■■.:■ ' '-' ' 8an-fbancisco. ; -- - ' ■■• 'r-^v.
CeainlUtltn, ExtnUatlon tad Atrtw 'rM.
Telephone South' GT2. Open Evenings 'Until 9.
GERMAN ■: BYE WATER OOc. > '
CUT TH18 OUT.
STRIKE STOPS
WORK IN MILLS
of Men, Lose
Employment in Penn-
sylvania.
v PITTSBURQ, Pa.,; Nor. 30.— There wsi
little change in the swlccnmen's strike to
day. Trains. are moving promptly and
there is no blockade on the Baltimore and
Ohio, Pennsylvania or Plttstrurg and Leke
Erie /roads. r ' :^~'-: > ...:.N:\- ■
Among the striking switchmen on the
Allegheny Valley road there was a rumor
current to-day that . the company was
willing to compromise on an additional
cent per hour and that negotiations would
likely be begun with this object In view.
The rumor, however, could not be verified.
All the mills between Eleventh and Fifty
fourth streets are shut- down on account
of their inability to obtain the ttecessary
fuel. It la estimated that about 6000 men
have been thrown idle. •
Railroad officials of all roads affected by
the strike, except the Allegheny Valley,
report to-night i that the * strike is over.
The Valley officials say the' worst Is over,
and that by Monday or Tuesday their
road will be In normal condition.
While the strike is practically disposed
of the companies find themselves -con
fronted with the > worst condition of
freight handling In the history of the
city. Mills along the Monongahela River
are working night and day at an unusu
ally high pressure and connecting roads
find It impossible to supply cars to the
big plants fast enough to get the manu
factured product away. It is said that In
the yards of the Homestead mill 28,000
tons of plates are stored with little room
left. If relief does not come soon it is
feared the works will have to shut down.
The ten-inch mills suspended to-day
and the twenty-elght-lnch mill Is likely
to follow soon. The car railway furnaces
at Braddock .will have to go. out for a
time It is feared, and the Edgar Thomp
son Steel Works are badly handicapped.
Manufacturers and merchants throughout
this entire district are being made to suf
fer severely by the lack of means for
transportation. /> ?;>.<*:: >■•,■■■' .•:•■ ■" V; : '■■■■ . /■■;..:
LIVESTOCK EXHIBIT - -
OPENED HT CHICAGO
Ten Thousand Features Ate Already
on the Ground of .the Ex
position. ;
CHICAGO, Nov. 30.— The Internationa!
Livestock Exposition," -.the largest In the
world In' point of number of exhibits an-i
area covered, opened at noon to-day. ..Of
the 12.000 exhibits expected, approximate
ly 10,000 were in their ttalls to-day. The,
show will continue until -December 7. and
Manager Skinner said to-day that an at
tendance of between 250,000 and 300.000 Is
expected. Cv ; : * iYi?^i»<i&X-%? : ■ r : -'^
> A' meeting 'of the directors of the Na
tional Livestock Association will be held
here Monday, but the convention of the
organisation, which selected 'Chicago as a
meeting place because of the : livestock
show, will' not lje called to order until
Tuesday. Members of the association
will attend the formal opening of tho
show ' Monday night, ; when . Governor
Yates, Mayor Harrison and Secretary of
Agriculture iWUson will speak. ' v.'^
• '"See here," «iid the cook, "the piece iv
Ice ye do be leavln' thosc^mornln'a is very
small." > / ■ "'J '■' ■'■-.-"; i '■■■-• ■.■■■■," ■■' ■' ' ?* '■>' -
.'.'Don't.get mad about that." replied the
Ice man, "that's Just my little weigh.'*—
Philadelphia Pres* ;. 7
AOUTlTAI.ro MAYBE r'\ r-«*
/ BENT TO THIS COUNTBY
General .Chaff ee Believes the Captive
r Is Conducting a Secret Cor-.V
respondence. . . \
LEAVENWORTH, Kans., Nov. J0.-A
letter received at Fort Lea venworth says
General Chaffee has recommended that
Agulnaldo be brought to this country.' It
is stated that he has been detected carry-
Ing on a treasonable correspondence and
trying to stir up strife.
Agulnaldo Is a close captive, but ad
vices received here say Chaffee believes
tho leader's presence in the Islands Is re
sponsible for the Insurgents' recent ac
tivity. '-^ '■ ■■:;.- ; : ::■•■ ;.) '■-:-: -,;:y: '■-.".;:' ■.:
TO KEEP
"UP WITH THE • TIMES YOU
MUST WEAR CORRECT j
SHOESl
• WE SELL THEM. V
IS ONE.
.
fl li^l ' ■ ' •' '' ■"'■■■' - ". '
Our No. 367— Box calf viscollzed, exten-
sion sole, rope stitch. Price . *
S3. 5O.
A SNAP FCR THE LADIES,
■ , .- ' jyBKBwS!l!wWaW>WwiWsWJ\sBMP^sW
Our No. S»-Patent leather, kid or elotb
top. extension sole. Price for this we«k
° * S2.5O. -%&H
A LARGE VARIETY OF CHILDREN'S SHOES.
Must be seen to be appreciated. Prices
to suit everybody's pocket.
•; We give Green or Red Trading Stamps.
Lippitt & FisKgr
945 Market -Street.
Open every evening during the month «t
December. -..,;>Y ISMAB. : -
ISMAR
Relieves Financial Cares.
Prominent Business Men Daily Among
the Famons Gypsy's Ca'lers
for Advice.
In a few weeks we will see the end of
1901. It has been prosperous for some and
unlucky for others. The unfortunate ones
might have been as lucky as the others
bad they been well advised.
Ismar. the famous Egyptian seeress. has
advised thousands during this year. Calm-
ly and in a business-like manner she has
confounded the critics and satisfied the
skeptics, and has endeared herself to all
who know her by simply "being" what
Fhe represents herself to be. One has only
to see and converse with this famous
Egyptian to feel that mesmeric force,
that unexplainable "something" in her
nature that makes her different from
other human beings— a power of good to
these who are wise enoueh to consult
htr.
The evidence of those who for years
have consulted this wonderful seeress is
of such a nature as to convince the most
skeptical of her power to forecast the
future accurately, and not one among the
thousands who have come to her for ad-
**:ce have been dissatisfied with results,
' sr.d not one but would tell of great ben-
efits derived. In locating of physical alK.
ments. Ismar has no equal, and many
have been cured where physicians have
failed. Don't let any foolish sentiment
prevent you from consulting this well-
known stress. What Ismar has done for
others she can do for you. Her readings
arc strictly private and confidential.
Ismar can be consulted dally from 10
a. m. to 5 p. m.; Sundays from 11 to 12 a.
m.. at her office, 114S Market Etreet. oppo-
site Sixth.
COMES FEOM OHIO TO
AVENGE HIS BROTHER
Eelative of a Man Murdered in Clal
lam County, "Wash., "Will Hunt
Down the Assassin.
TACOMA. Nov. 3O.-Six weeks ago
John Carnes. a rancher living at Lapush.
in the western end of Clallam County,
was murdered. No motive for the deed
has been discovered, as Carnes was of
a quiet disposition and not known to
have any enemies.
The dead man's brother. J. W. Carnes,
has arrived In Port Angeles from Mas-
Fillon. O-, to look after his property In
terests and endeavor to clear the mystery.
Ke says that he will devote the remain
der of his life, if necessary, and his for
tune In tracing and punishing the man, or
men. who killed John Carnes. The authori
ties of Clallam County are preparing to
lend Carnes every possible assistance.
The County Commissioners already have
Piakerton detectives on the ground and
have offered a reward for the arrest of
the assassin or information which will
show his identity.
Failure of A. T. Paige.
AKRON. Ohio. Nov. 30.— a. T. Paige,
ex-City Commissioner and one of Akron's
most prominent citizens, filed a petition
in bankruptcy to-day with $601,153 liabili
ties and practically no assetn. The In
debtedness was Incurred, says the peti
tion, almost wholly while Paige was con
nected with Paige. Carey & Co.. whose
failure caused the flight of David R.
Paige to South America.
m Thoughts of Christmas®
•^ifr, f Tis time to think of Christmas shopping— in fact, now is trie b est /3rV
fCJL\ time to buy, you get first pick. , / * , <^yvt
jj$\ Don't spend more money than tnecessary for your presents — <;ome 7^5r
Jjh<^ here where you can save enough on every .present to buy another present. ■■<$(,
<Xr\^ Everything here is sold at cut rates — the prices "on Christmas presents arc - WfT*
Jkv. . cut J ust t^ le samc as our medicine prices. Our Christmas''~gobds--"are^'y$Kk'
/x7\j. all new and just in from the best makers in the world— already v for you/v^^Rr^
jOTi^ Soaps, perfumes and toilet Chatelain ba^a, all Kinds of 'lA*
y jL^ articles leatKer purses* °* c » H;V%V
JjTp!} Fancy- atomizers Celluloid cases of all Kinda yfy<H
KJ\j PocKet boohs Cuff, collar, glove and hand-y-T^IK
JjP\ Ebony sterling mounted KercHief boxes • , fnyi\
jfV novelties — Hair brusHes, Manicure sets * ,
clotHes brusHes, military^ Mexican^ Hand called leather
yjBk- . brushes, mirrors 'goods -. ' JflRl
ffi The Owl Drug Company J|
4nf II 2 8 M arket |a5^^^-^3?S : ■: .^ /7 : « v.;-y; -F: r. '^-^. «c r j- ;c^ ; O^- :
«tv Bro adw ay and Ten th Street^ *O aklan d y r-^-Ca /. r$k^
JURY INDICTS
THE FINANCIER
Harriman of ■■ Railroad
Fame Gets Himself
Into Trouble.
Lab or Leaders Accuse Him
of Violating Eight- Hour
: - ';::Ui*-.:MC Law.-.--" 3\-- ■--'/•'
Special Dispatch to The Call
GOSHEN. N. Y.. Nov. 30.— 12. II. Harrl
man, the railroad • financier, has been In
dicted by the Grand Jury of Orange
County, on a charge of violating the eight
hour law. Harriman is president of the
Orange County Road Construction Com
pany and the indictment I* the outcome
of an agitation by representatives of or
ganized labor.
Driven to action by the persistent de
mands of the labor leaders in the county.
District Attorney Howelson laid before
the Grand Jury complaints that the con
struction company, which has a contract
for road improvement work calling for
an expediture of &200.000. was violating
the labor law. The Grand Jury had no
alternative but to find the indictments,
for the company made no secret that it
worked its men nine and ten hours, and
the law says that to work men more
than eight hours in public employment is
a misdemeanor. True * bills were found
against the officers of the company.
Other contractors were indicted, includ
ing Charles Sundstrom and Thomas
Lesher, who are engaged on sewer con
struction contracts in Mlddletown. Louis
Bedell, a member of the Assembly and
a close perfcnal friend of Governor
Odell. is secretary of the read construc
tion company.
There is much indignation that Harri
man and Bedell, who have been foremost
in public Improvements, should be in
dicted. Their superintendent, Charles T.
Ford, was arrested recently on the same
charge and released on ball. Harrlman.
in his desire to build roads that would
be a lasting benefit to the county, had
given instructions to go ahead and do the
work in the most satisfactory manner, re
gardless of expense, as he would bear
any additional expenses Incurred abovV
the amount appropriated by the county.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE <
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
New Pensions Are Issued and Changes
Made in the Postal v
. . • . Service. v '..:-';-:.£\-i
WASHINGTON. D. C. Nov. 30.— These
pensions were granted to-day:
California— Original— War with Spain—
Efner Taylor, Hanford. $8 Increase —
George Croutch. San Diego, $10; William
A. Giles. Lakewood. $10; William Ballard.
Ventura. J12; William A. Hayes. Soldiers'
Home. Los Angeles. J12; Joslah K. Rol
lins. Redwood City. JS.
Oregon— Original— John F. Kohler,
Macksburg, 110. Increase— Rowland Fish
er. Corvallis, $12.
Washington— Original— Perry Wilson,
Cedonla, $6; Edward Nolan, New What
com. 16. Increase — Joseph Beckett, Con
conully, IV *
The Postofflce Department to-day Issued
the following announcement: ;
Postmasters appointed: California-
Clipper Gap. Placer County. Ettle
McCloud, vice Richard Evans. re
signed; Gaston. Nevada County, It
Poundstone, vice Mary H. Har
mon, resigned; San Andreas, Cala
veras County, Washington. J. Burns,
vice Edward Casey, removed; San Miguel.
San Luis Oblspo County. I. McC. Toalson.
vice J. P. Courter, resigned; Victor, San
Bernardino County, John C. Turner, vice
Nettle J. Turner, resigned; Westminster,
Orange County. F. M. Watson, vice F. E.
Wilson, resigned. ' , : %
Washington— Kennewlck, Taklma Coun
ty, Mrs. Ida M. Moraln, vice Charles Con
way, removed.
A postofflce has been established at
Covington, King County, Washington,
with Lewis E. Whltfleld, postmaster. Max
Haller has been commissioned postmaster
at Exa, Wash.
From the offensive fusel oil the skill of
the chemist has been able to extract the
odors of MX'eral flowers and frutts.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 1, 19011
CANAL COMMISSION FILES
ITS VOLUMINOUS REPORT
Rear Admiral! VValk Presents Arguments
of - Himself and Colleagues in , Favor
c f 4he N icar agua Route for -Waterway
ALL. BUREAU. 1406 G STREET,
(1^ N. W. . WASHINGTON, Nov.
vV j 30.— Followed by two men carry-
ing boxes, one of which resem
1 » ■ , bled a coffin. "Rear Admiral John
G. Walker, president of the Isthmian
Canal Commission, walked Into the Sec
retary of State's office this afternoon,
and when the men had deposited their
burdens and left Rear Admiral Walker
explained to Secretary Hay that the
boxes contained the commission's report
to tho President. ; . V , V . , ; v /
The contents of the report \r* already
known, but a perfunctory observance of
official courtesy will be followed in keep-
Ing the report from the public until It
has been sent to Congress. Secretary Hay
will send the boxes to President Roose
velt, who will send them to Congress
Among the documents accompanying
the report Is the letter from M. Hutln.
president of the Panama Canal Com
pany, taking Issue with the commission's
advocacy of the Nicaragua route.
GRAVE REPORTS ABOUT ;
WILHELMINA AND HUSBAND
Blegraph Pictures of the Queen An
Cheered, While Thf ae of Prince S
i Henry Are Hissed, v ; -^
AMSTERDAM. Nov. 30.— Grave report*
continue to be circulated regarding the
differences between Queen Wllhelmlna
and l»er husband. Prince Henry. The
story, however, that a duel resulting
therefrom had been fought and that the
Queen's aide-de-camp. Major Van Tot.
was wounded. Is absolutely denied by
Major Van Tot's brother, who says the
aide-de-camp Is suffering from periton
itis. -■ ■ . .■■-' .-.-- ■■•,/■ ■'■ :■;.%■- ■■••..'.•: ; ..:/... :■,
At the theater the blograph pictures of
the Queen are tumultuously cheered
PRESIDENT' OF THE . ISTH
' MIAN CANAL COMMISSION;
i WHO FILED A REPORT TES
-Kterdat^ • - .. v J -'■.* ■ ; ''■- -
nlghtly, while those of Prince Henry are
loudly hissed. ■ * v
APELDORN, Holland, Nov. 3O.-Queen
Wllhelmlna was able to leave her sick
room to-day and participate In the fam
ily dinner. Prince Henry, her husband,
will return to Het-Loo at 6:30 o'clock this
evening.- , ; ';- . ■;. v.-,-v :•.}*"-■■■ ..^V : -- "•/■■ '/r-'-- ■ '
DECLARES THE JUDGE ,; ■
MUST REMAIN IN JAIL
United States Jurist Passes Upon the
* Case of Imprisoned Mr. v
. \ .' ' Peden. - ,- ; ]r • « v ■;./■
8T. LOUIS. Nov. 20.— Judge Amos
Thayer of the United States District
Court, sitting In chambers to-day, decided
that Judge 8. C. Pcden, one of the two
imprisoned Bt. Clair County Judges, was
not entitled to relea«o from imprisonment.
He, therefore, directed the ; discharge of
the writ of habeas corpus which he had
Issued k week ago on the application of
the attorneys for Judge Peden, who ac
knowledged his willingness to abide by
the mandate of the court ordering a spe
cial tax levy. . „- - - -• *.
Judge Peden Is one of ■ the St. Clair
County Judges Imprisoned for contempt
of court for not making a tax levy order
to pay a certain Judgment.; '" .■:•,
SCHOOL APPARATUS
■ DEALERS IN A TRUST
American Syndicate Corporation Is
to Have Formed a Great
„•'-"-'■ ■.;■-'■;■■ Combine.-' >V'";
CHICAGO. Nov. 30»— A /combination of
a number of the most important school
apparatus dealers of the country has been
effected,.lt Is said, by the American Syndi
cate Corporation. James H. Teller of this
city, a brother of United States-Senator
Teller of Colorado, is- mentioned as the
leader of the movement. ~ ; f * .\.' '^
"The community of interests Idea— the
co-operative principle rather than a trust
agreement— is the basis of the organlrar
tlon, the main purpose of which, it Js
claimed, will be to Improve existing trado
methods, which are pronounced to be un
sntlflfactcry to dealers as well as the pub
lic. The aim of the combination Is under
stood to be the control of the entire school
apparatus business." ;,■ ' ■/*.. ■. - . '■■•:.
Baby Dies in the Oven.
SIOUX CITY. Iowai Nov. 80.— Mrs. J.
Fred Meyers, living five "miles frtra Cor
rectlonvllle,-: wrapped ; her : B-months-old
bnby In a blanket;/ pat her \ in the oven
of the kitchen stove to Keep , warm and
went 4 out . to sather; fuel. When half an
hour later she returned the flre -in the
stove had Mated up and -the room was
niled v/lth jimoke. Rushing to ,the oven,
■he found ■ the; blanket and .clothing i (n
flgmei. The baby waa dead and its arms
and legs were burned to a crisp. ?- ; v ; ;
Warrants for the Leaders.
; MADISONVILLE, Ky., Nov. 3».—Chris
topher.-, Columbus Barnaby, ' vice : presi
dent of the. Twenty-third District United
Mine Workers of America, was arrested
here to-day on a warrant charging him
with confederating and banding together
with others for . the unlawful t Intimida
tion , of non-union S miners. Barnaby 's
bond was fixed at 1500, which he gave.
Wood and < other union officials are ex
pected here, and officers will wait on
them with warrants for. their arrest. '; ..
Stork , Visits a Princess.
MADRID, Nov. r S0.-The Princess of the
Austrlas, sister of the. King and -wife of
Prince Charles of Bourbon, gave birth to
a' son to-day. ' The Princess ■ was married
February 14 of this year. .y. • '
Pope Receives a Delegate.
, ! ROME, Nov. 3O.-:Th9 > Pope to-day^ re
ceived In audience ,Mgr. Sbarettl, * the
Apostolic Delegate to. tho Philippine. Isl
ands. - '■ r*V:-."t-' : $¥'&.;%*& ;.:;:''■.""]■
BARGE FOUNDERS
WITH ALL HANDS
Pour" -Men Perish ma
Gale: Off Oregon
:"' -; Coast. : ■■;.. '\.^*#
Towing bable Parts at Night
V and. Heavy Seas Swamp g >
the Graft. ,
Special Dispatch' to The Call.
ASTORIA, Or., Nov. 30.— In a terrible
gale that recently, raged off the Oregon
coast the lumber bar^e Wheeler, bound
from Nehalem for San Francisco, bfoke
adrift from the tug Vosburg, turned tur
tle and went to the bottom, carrying her
crew of four men. News of the disaster
was brought to Astoria this morning by.
Captain Chris A. A hues of the Yosburg.'
It was dark when the barge broke loose
and a half hour after the towing line
parted her lights suddenly disappeared.
Search for the Wheeler will be made, but
there is not. the slightest hope that she
will be found. Captain Ahues told the
following story of his thrilling experience
to The Call correspondent: ; \:,
"The tug Vosburg, towing the lumber
barge '.Wheeler, was bound from Neha
lem for San Francisco. The barge had
a deck load of 525,000 feet of lumber. Soon
after leaving port we encountered a hard
southeast blow, which continued for forty
eight hours. We managed to keep head
on to the gale and succeeded In reaching
Coos Ray. where we remained for thicu
days.- On Monday, the weather being
clear and every condition favorable, wo
left Coos Bay. At 9 o'clock in the even
ing, while in the vicinity of Cape Blanco,
we ran into another southeaster. /Tho
blow rapidly increased In fury and by
midnight a galo was raging. On Tuesday
morning it was even more s.evere than
during the night, the barometer falling
steadily. At noon on Tuesday we weru
forty miles off Blanco, having drifted that
.far to the westward. A terrific sea was
running and we were unable to make
headway, confining our efforts to keeping
head-on to. the waves. ,v
Barge's Lights Disappear.
"On Wednesday the storm reached the
proportions of a hurricane, and both the
tug and the barge were rolling heavily
and shipping considerable water. ; , •
"At 7 o'clock that evening, in about lati
tude 42:55 north, longitude KS:53 west, the
towing* cable parted. A half hour later
the lights of the barge suddenly disap
peared, as if the vessel had turned turtle.
At this time a furious gale was raging
and the seas threatened to submerge the
tug. We were completely at the mercy of
the elements and not a man aboard had
the slightest Idea that the steamer would
ever live out the gale. However, a few
minutes after the lights of the barge disap
peared we ' managed to get the steamer
around and held her head-on to the gale.
In -the darkness it was impossible to see
ten yards ahead of the vessel and search
for the barge would have been futile. We
laid by until Thursday morning, but when
day broke we could see no trace of the
barge. .' \. - : - ;• ,:.■■'. ■■;.; -.■■::/.;■■/: V . • .
' "As the towing steamer waa shipping
considerable water, we decided to run be
fore the gale. We continued on our
course until 9 o'clock Friday morning,
when the weather again moderated. At
11:30 o'clock in the forenoon we made Ya
quina Head.: • ■ '-■>■:-■': ' ■ ;. ■
"Just as soon as possible the Vosburg
will leave In search of the barge. I be
lieve the search will prove futile. During
tho gale and before the towing cable
parted the barge must have shipped much
water, and It Is my belief that when the
line broke th« vessel was caught In the
seas and capsized. In no other way can
I account for the sudden disappearance
of the llghts.'V ,v : -'V.-t. . yy:-: : :.>-'- ; ;:i?/ •
; The Wing and Wing Safe.
The schooner Wing and Wing, believed
to have been lost, reached port this after
noon. She, too. had a terrible experience
during the coast gales. She sailed from
8an Francisco on October 5 for Sluslaw.
arriving off the latter place on October
18. The condition of the weather made it
Impossible for Captain Anderson to reach
port. Then a gale came up and drove tho
schooner north. Since that time she his
been beating around off the coast, await
ing assistance. Fourteen days ago she
sprang a leak and it was necessary to
keep the pumps going day and night. Dur
ing the gales nearly all the schooner's
calls were carried away. -The supply of
water became exhausted and the crew de-
HANDICAPPED.
The man who started to run a race in
chains and fetters would be visibly hand-
icapped. No one would expect him , to
succeed. The man who runs the race of
life when his _ . J,^ -
digestive and nu- ufj M^\
tritive organs are Lf Is : »1 /»
diseased is equally /|l \*/ * \J
handicapped. In / 1\/— (v^-\ 5l
the one, ca»e his | \< W r \ M j
strength is over- V . M f Af I
weighted, in the V-t / .[ \MK J
other it is under- \ . ,,j \J^^
mined. Success -
demands above •
all else a .sound '■ II T'w
stomach. S f^ ll
Doctor Pierce's - J \ II
G ol d e n Medical V^ II
Discovery cures / -; ; A II '":-'
diseases of the I V II .-
stomach and other y r\\\
organs' of - diges- : 'l j ; \ l\ : :
tion and nutrition. I- 1 j ; \|1A I
When this is done ;:, W SM(
food 'is perfectly v3) ; M&"
digested : and as-
similated ahd the -^v'
body receives strength in the only way
in which strength can be given — by the
nutrition derived from digested and as-
similated food. ' - ■ ■
' "The praise I would like to give your..' Golden
Medical Discovery M cannot utter in words or
describe with pen." writes James B. Ambrose,
Bsq., of uostt Mlfflln Street. Huntingdon, Pa.
"I was taken with what. our physicun.t^hen;
Mid was indigestion. I doctored with the best
■round here and found no relief. I wrote to "
you and you sent me a question blank to fill out,
and I did »o. and you then advised me to use ,
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery. I took
three bottles and I felt so cood that I (topped,
being cured. I have no symptoms of gastric
trouble or indigestion now." ;.,.;:, - . ; :-'; v!
: Accept no substitute for n Golden Med-
ical Discovery." : There is nothing "just
as good." • . ' .
? Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, sent free on receipt of stamps
to, cover : expense, of mailing only.
Twenty-one one-cent , stamps for the
book in paper covers, or 31 stomps for
the cloth-bound volume. Address Dr»
R.V. Pierce, Buffalo, N..Y.
Kadway's
Pills
■ Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Causes
perfect digestion, • complata absorption and
healthful regularity. . . • ■ . v ,,
"For tha cure of all disorders of the Stomach,
Liver, Bowels. Kidneys, Bladder, FemaU Ir-
rtKuUrltles,- Sick Headache. Biliousness, Con-
stfpatlon, Piles and ; all . derangements of th*
Internal Vlsctra. X5o a box. At Druggists, or
by mall. - . ; RADWAY * CO.. Newjork* 5 .
DO NOT NEGLECT
YODBKIDMYS
Because i! Kidney TVovblc is Permitted to
Contmvc Fatal Rcsultstarc Svre to Follow*
; Thon3and8 Have Kidijey Trouble and Never Suspect It
ToPrbve What Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney Remedy,
Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of The Call May
* Hava a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Weak aod unhealthy kidneys are respons-b'c fop more sleknes*
and suffering than any other disease, therefore, when through
neglect or other causes, kidney trouble is permitted to continue,
fatal results are sure to follow.
It u«:d to be considered that only urinary and bladder
troubles were to bs traced to the kidneys, but now modern
science proves that nearly all diseases have their beginning in tho
disorder of thes: most important organs.
Your other organs may need attention— but j our kidneys^ most,
because they do most and need attention first. - : . ' -
»f you are sick or "feel badly," begin taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Foot, the great kidney, liver and bladder remedy, because-
as soon as your kidneys are well they will help a!l the other organs
to hsalth. A trial will convince anyone.
The mild and Immediate effect of Dr. smarting or Irritation In passing. brick-
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the great kidney dust or sediment In the urine, headache,
and bladder remedy. Is soon realized. It backache, lame back, dizziness, sleep-
stands the highest for Its wonderful lessness, nervousness, heart disturbance
cures of the most -distressing cases, due to bad kidney trouble, skin erup-
SwamD-Root will set your whole system tlons from bad blood, neuralgia, rheu-
rlKht and the best proof of thla Is a trial, matlsm. diabetes, bloating. Irritability.
' ■_ t ,,_,,, _» *t.— -r«»v nt» wornout feeling, lack of ambition, loss
iS? ; v!^^o^S^M. gjgf-""^ «««flolon. or Brighn
"I had been mffertnc sererely from kidney - f _ * t w v*n allowed to remain
K l ftA'W?iwJ^TJr»^: Wffi undJtuTbed^fn itfgJS* Ir d iSttSTf £r
hk'rtrrSrEmySMoS. *%,™m?mAx*lZ?. twenty-four hours, forms a sediment or
paclty waa giving out. and often I wished to settling or has a cloudy appearance. It Is
die. It was then I mw aa adyertlaenient of evidence that your kidneys and bladder
yours in a New York paper, but would not have need Immediate attention,
paid any attention to It. had It not promised a - f vou , nav# *ha slightest ■vmntnm* nt
•worn iruarante* with evtry bottle of your med- L. 1 !.^ 'rV^A^t VJ^Tm^ nl^fth^. ?i
i.i., .iiMrtinr that vour SwamD-Root to pure- kidney or bladder trouble, or If there Is
y ver^fe «d die.^t c^SSta w hatful a trace of It In your family history, send
drugs. I am seventy yeara and four month* at once to Dr. Kilmer &. Co.. Blnghamton,
old. and with a cood conscience I can reoom- N. T., who will gladly send you by mall,
mend Swamp-Root to all sufferers from kidney Immediately, without cost to you. a sam-
troubles. Four members of my family have p] e bottle of Swamp-Root and a book
been ualnif Swamp-Root for four different kid- containing many of the thousands upon*
"'XiSi 8 ** 11 *"' w h, h v h *t^ a ?m,'°i )d JS J iii* / »T* thousands of testimonial letters received
truly yours. ROBERT BERNER. 8ay tQat you read th , a generous offer ta
You may have a sample bottle of this the San Francisco Sunday CalL
famous kidney remedy, Swamp-Root. Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and Is
sent free by mall, postpaid, by which you for sale the world over at druggists In
may test Its virtues for such disorders as boftles of two sizes and two prices— fifty
kidney, bladder and uric acid diseases, cents and one dollar. Remember the
poor digestion, when - obliged to pass name. Swamp-Root, and the address,
your water frequently night and day. Blnghamton. X. Y. ;
pended entirely on rain water for the past
three weeks. The Wing and Wing has
a general cargo, which was not Injured.
The damage to the schooner will necessi
tate repairs on the dry docks.
Shipping men of this port were given a
severe fright this afternoon, when tho
Oriental liner Langbank was reported to
be flying distress signals off the river.
The vessel crossed out during the day. It
was believed ' she had sprung a leak, but
fortunately this was erroneous. In cross-
Ing out- the big- vessel- shipped a vast
quantity of water, causing her to settle
fully three feet. The pumps were effect
ively used, however, and the . steamship
soon . righted. :> - . .•■ ■■.; ■•■;.: . -.
KNOCKED FBOM LADDER
' BY A FALLING BOUGH
San Jose Carpenter Loses His Life
While Trimming Branches
■'-. ' / . ; ■- of Trees. > ; ; ■■ .
SAN JOSE. Nov. 30.— James Camp, an
aged carpenter, while trimming some
trees in a lot. on North First street, waa
knocked from a ladder by a falling limb
and instantly killed to-day. His skull
was crushed and both legs broken. .
Camp was trimming trees for E. C
Flagg. He had placed a long ladder
against a young spruce tree, the top of
which he was cutting off. He was about
twenty feet from the ground and was
sawing above his head. A rope had been
attached to the tree top and some Japan
ese laborers attempted \ to pull the top
away from Camp as it fell. The heavy
butt of the tree swung around, however,
and hit Camp on the v head. Her: was
knocked to the ground and was dead
when the Japanese reached him. ■ :
Camp was 65 years old. % He I s survived
by a wife and one son.-? . v ?: ; ;
Hoisting Four Massive dhixnes.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Nov. ».—
Work was begun to-day on the .Installa
tion of the four massive; bronse;. chimes
which are to. adorn ■ the steeple' of the
Stanford Memorial Church, which Is rap
idly nearlng completion. : The inscription
on tho big bells Is . as follows: ; ... : ; \ /"'"' •*
"Chimes of the Memorial Church erect
ed to the memory of Leland. Stanford by
wife, Jane Lathrop Stanford, A. D. 1900."
To Protect Song Birds.
SANTA CRUZ,7>Nov/^ 30.^-Santa I Crus
ladles to-day organized a society for the
preservation of forest' and song birds. It
has the following officers:: Mrs.* Josephine
Clifford McCracken, -president; ' Miss Sa
die Anderson, secretary; . Mrs.' : Duncan
McPherson, treasurer. .>/":; :. - " . -
Fire Destroys Valuable Plant.
HELENA, Mont., Nov. 30.— Fire to-day
destroyed the Peck-Montana . . concentra
tor, located near this city. The plant was
totally destroyed, entailing a loss of J160.
000. v The Insurance was 170,000. The plant
was owned by the Missouri 'Power Com
.pany. and tha Helena and V Livingston
Company. • It will be- rebuilt. \ . v ■ •
One More Talesman Accepted;
'ALTURAS, ':: Nov. > SO.-rFour '.'\ veniremen
were examined this morning - In the case
of the people vs. James W. Brown, the
alleged Lookout lyncher. Out of the four
only one was retained, making flv« passed
for^urorg. —-.-•;-;.-; ■■■ ,; -. .;■ - -
Kills Wife and Shoots Boarder.
GALENA. Kans.. Nov. 30.— After a
quarrel at their home here to-day Charles
Dunckle shot and killed his wife. Alice-
Dunckle, and shot a young man -who
boarded at the house. Jealousy over tha
boarder is supposed to have led to tha
shooting. Dunckle shot his - wife twice,
one bullet taking effect in the stomach
and the other near the heart. DuncU*
fled and has not yet been arrested. . ..
(How«\yo\ild £v]
field do |
For a Christmas Gift?
~- ,"> "We're fifty kinds, most mod-
, : ermtely priced.
■ : . Or a pair of opersv glasses for a
: lady. Nothing they'd treasure
. more and nothing in finer assort-
' ment than our line of lorgnettes
■ and opera glasses.
- Optical goods of every kind
: from spectacles for children - to
: telescopes for scientists. Only '
J. the , very . best.
' 201 Ke&rrvy 5t-cor5uttcr
IkOOAK AGgHCT'RHOTO SUPPUCSi
VIM B H
- ■' "■ ■ - lSB ▼ OM ■ k ' ■
Wk SB a |^ g
World Famons Marian! Tools
WRITTEN INDORSEMENTS FROM
' * - M3RE THAN -i
8,000 PHYSICIANS.
All Druggists. ( Eefuse Substitutes^
jfo^ Two Rinjgs Free}
We will sive these Two SOLID
t^fmOG^ GOLO l»ld Kings, ono set vita
Vjfck^MaiijgfR' largBUarnet and three Fearli,
one with Ruby and' two brll.
.^ , lianta, FREE to any one that
Vi.'At!iC vlU «oH 12- of our GOLD PLATE
y&SB&L. ENAMELED BROOCHES set with UU.
XyM"qP^>JBk forenC colored stone* at 10
Ni^B^-^^gaW cents each, and sends tu tha
$1 20 No money required till
brooch e s «i ■oid.^W* lake baek jJi not aold.
HoWasp Mro. Co., 7 W. St., FroTldence, X.U ,
2324
nr •!? nf nr m m a w mmnr mmwrnmnrnrmmmmnr m wnr m wwfiw^^
~. i GRE4T TAFFETA SALE ~ '. . — — : ' '.'.' \ ~ OSTRIfH FFATHFR BOAS
£ .,-ftj. » mi , r on,,. n hint FOR CHRISTMAS BUYERS. '^ss^ssssss i'S^i!*!!
S: 9^nn Vsprfc rAln».oH TafFota .WIIIHU I lliny UU ILIIUi paratlon8 for t ht hoil- offering (or to-morrow.; Black, .
•£- iJUU id.ub VOlortSU loUBll, daytrad«thlsyearthat)o.tanyprevlous*ta»on. Beglo your sljopplng now. u_V..^i »^X^ " V^ •^^. irtn^-triirk -3
85C QialitV. 63C Yard. T b'* "* the mcit corofortab'e tlrr,c. NOW there Is ampla l.lsur* to chcose natural and gray; 45 inches lOtlR, thlcK
g rfe-.^^JSStfiSSS T h eWu- l s 1 e7^d»\h!:^r^ andJluffy; madc^the^est. fo?H?^j3
■~Z tng white, cream. it s ht biae and pink. * r~_ISiS.OO: Monday, special. .Each gxu.pv^
IA TREMENDOIJS PURCHASE OF LADIES' GLOVES.!
£ — — v i 6000 Pairs of Ladies' $1.75 and $1.50 French Kid Gloves on Sale at !|
£?59*?» V:J:-JJ^>7^JtiSt:about a year ago we held the greatest glove. sale in ourjhistory, which 4| A I A rj
fc ri^^»^|^S^ undoubtedly is still fresh in the minds of those who helped to make it such a magnifi - Jkl M |lr3
■; cent success. But this sale, which commences here to-morrow, has^ been plaiined.on.Ar I* 1 —■—•
•£ 1 ' 7 -; a vastly grander scale and unquestionably will be withouta precedent iri value giv^ ;i ■■! APAIR^
-" ing; OUR NEW YORK -BUYER secured through extremely clever mahipiulation 'over 6000/^
' j£= : y< -y* I PAIRS.of absolutely perfect and- h|gh grade gloves at a tremendous sacrifice. >vlt was the glove -^
>^^?v /i^^N^ cnanc^°^ ll > c year. A transaction involving more good goods for less mojiey! than ever before .—
i^^^^^^^^S^ went into a single purchase. !: They came from the most celebrated , ; Glove Manufacturer oi
l*i/^" France » whose name (if the conditions of the purchase did not prohibif* our divulging it) would
•^ 1 - vV\^^V*"^ create a sensation in trade circles— because the identical gloves are retailed in every prominent 3
£ \^ s \Jr /T^*7 r 2 glove store in this and- other cities at $1.75 and $1.50 a pair. Every pair is this season's production 2
g A-^^/llr —«f the finest selected PRIME ITALIAN; LAMB, GRENOBLE : ! KIE) AND,. .CASTOR 3
SUEDE, carefully sewn, the latest stitched and Paris point backs, witlv fashionable' clasps: in
fc :0\^^ t[(f/ • colors of Tari^ Modei\Br6wn, Gray,- Oxblood, White and Black; in all sizes. •• T *,'*/' V : V 3
fc jf %&s '^-^d^"^^ A better opportunity never was presented for prudent buyers to anticipate holiday needs by supplying their re- ;;j2
K'/tT 1 '- ■■'■■ '■: - : 2S$C^?**^ -quirements now while the lines are complete, besides the great saving, getting $175 and $i:soglovcs for $1.10 a pair.
T *"~~TT m ** * and which are guaranteed and fitted if desired. - % . ■ -<■ .. • • . ~m
g More Exceptional Opportunities In Black and Colored Dress Goods. 3
5= What wonderful selling last Monday! Our Dress Goods Aisle was al- Novelty DreSS Patterns for LeSS Than Half.
Sr^lfxvJtffSfi,^ 111 ea *w Uye 5£ To-morrow morning we will be ready — _ fi _ DRESS We hav son* through our stock and selected 3
g- for > ou WIth even better than last week. 3»l^ ta about Novelt y Suit Patterns that we are
•^ RPOAnri HTH «« fine J Ta rl 1 9 r p owns - f °r whlcfc >" ou ordinarily pay /IIOkRuW J^b DALH. ed. such as Silk and Wool Novelties and Mat-
•*>- DIvUrtU^LU In k 25 yard: 52 inches wide; a superb quality of the high- ela?se Sultlnjrs. 44 Inches wide: in colors of. Brown. Gray. Cadet. Navy.. Castor. =3
•^ Sim 45 YARD . est finish: of a fast black London dye. On sale to-mor-{ p U rple and Black: were imported to sell at $12 00 and $15 00 a suit. Monday at
yj- vi. -»O IftKU, row only at $i 45 yard. . V ; I :v ; - the extraordinarily low price of $6 00 a suit. . - , T . ; ':' : . ; . .: - : ,- : .- - : _..- :^.
•*^ SoC BLACK These Che^ots are fully 44 Inches f wide, warranted pure 85c STORM An unprecedented bargain-on j^ale to-morrow for less than
CHFVIOT^ w ool: a dependable wearing quality: already sponged and,. Qpppb - manufacturer's original price.-; Fully, 48 Inches wide, extra -^
JO vYnn shrunk: fast black dye: well worth S5c yard. Special value ®J^ K \*. 4 -. -^ ; heavy and warranted all wool:'.|n'all»the.leadlng 1 fan color- ;=5
,^~ 4yC YAKU. at4Scyard. ,\--/.'': y. - r -J. '■, : ':; : v;v >\.-. /: , OUC YARD, ings; actual value yard. On sale to-morrow, BOc yard. =3
i Remarkable Flannel Sales. RECORD-BREAKING SILK SALES. . Holiday 1
£^ The blrsest Flannel business in this city Our Silk Department Is winning rolden praises for its accomplishments', for we are t • .1'. . •'■. ''■':- "^
•^ ia dene « this store, and it is eaey to constantly planning to rive you everything that's new and fashionable In worthy Bl*ck ">./-.•'« .■- gt sr»k aT*» ZSX
ur.derstand the reason for it— because you and Colored Silks at price* that no other store can equal.*.;..- BOME MORE MONET |%l^%^»|x l#*«-#*-^> < . "^
m~~ rhoote frcm the larcest stock of the most SAVERS FOR TO-MORROW. . .,.:-:■ . V I^IC5t_.IV HIJ |r|a' =21
eg ™^«t he most t em pt.n S BONNET EUCK PEAU DE S01E $1.05 Yd. $1.00 BLACK TAFFETA t '^R ■ m " iiC f
J- R «^ Leaders on «le beginning to- Reftul.r Value $1 50 63C Y4RD, *^m^£J^^^SK^M
•y •':-?..-., Xo silk is better known nor valued than r : ; - # . . ; . In neckwear. Anticipating a treat demand °U°
«Bk. OQr YARD- y>"\ pieces handsome Flan- this one. We offer a limited quantity of An offering Impossible to equal elsewhere. for them our buyers have secured the most -*&
.^— Jl*Js* r.el Waist!cf« ta beautiful wbtte this celebrated Black Silk. An exception- 1M0 j-ards of a rirh and lustrous Black attractive variety at prices unmatchabl* ~^S
rr_ MripcJ corded efTecte. In all the leading ally he*vy and lustrous make, for dresses ■■■•*•: Taffeta. 21 Inches wide, a grand wearing anywhere. This week's showlnc the best --••
•— Fall fhaJes: lock Just like the imported or waists; regular $150 quality. Mon- quality, the kind dresnmakers like— sold yet. ■ Exquisite effect. In all black and S3
T~~ The k'.r.i. On sale at SOc Yard day f 1.O5 a Yar4 elMwhfre at $1.00. Here Monday at..03c yd white ajid black of the finest and most lust- JZ
»- TCZr YARD-K pieces Embroidered TUC 0C0T Pfil flBFfl tl flfl PHPP? f|C PUIUCC ORa YARD w * have 8old thou - fS U8 M?" rt ? P .K S ! lkl W . ade Very '»" a , roui J d
~~ i OC skirt Flannel, cf the best whiu l»t Otol llULUnCU *!.UU \iTiUL Uu bnlRCd O3C lAnl'i sands of yards of this the neck, with long streamers. Ranging in
m^Z flannel, in hemstitched and scalloped edjrt pretty and soft Silk so popular for evening gowns. Another new lot came In Satur- prices- from A .. — i
errects: a variety of choice designs to day. Over 45 of the leading shades are represented. Including black— the one dollar #| or #i rn *n aa i. t>ifl (in C««fc 13
choose frcm. Oa special sale at.. 75c Yard quality, here at .....85c Yanl *UIJ, »l t 3Ui »ZiUU TO »IU.UU CaCH. Z^
I LADIES' SUITS, DRESS SKIRTS AND WAIST BARGAINS THIS WEEK. I
f*~ Every new thoucht cricinated by the mwt modish makers of women's -wearing apparel !s to be found ' in our large stock. In these very desirable garments are 'combined Z^
»- the Qualities cf style and low price which should prove a magnet to women ' who wish to dress well and Inexpensively..... ' ;. . . . '■■-.>;■-• " ' /■ -. -,■■■-. . ""; ' 3»
| Silk Dress Skirt Sale To-Morrow. Great Sale of Ladies' Suits GRANDEST SILK WAISTS |
T~ ' Preparations have been made to crowd our Skirt Depart-* XMl VUl . U U r*. V1 * /UUlv * J UU ** U A ■» g\g\ r '4JL . & | sw £\g\ '■ r' ■ V L. : - ;: y !3
m^Z ment to th* mr,o« to-morrow. Nowhere else ln thl« city w> will have ready for you to-morrow A A A (\f\ Uj3«\JvP lO iBI^l.UU Lrftll. —
•— will you find such a broadly representative display of mornlnR some of the grandest suit bar- V 1 i f . U U * ■ ' •*'*' V^lv^.VTVT LUUIl .
g~ Ladies' Dress Sktrts. E%ery ne»- touch of skirt style that g»ln» offered this season— the production J» # 1 1 ' \Ce nave said It before and w. ™.t lirtu »»ii. .» nr . '<
ZZZ f«*hion h.e decided upon ia gathered here for your In.pec- Sf the foremost suit manufacturer of New \J £* U S1CH offers ro^^th« «riat«t^«riVtv^ /h? h.nrtl«i,«Ir .?l?I!
'-g— tlon. Made of the highest icrade of Peau Ce Sole and Taf- York City They are made of the finest -, «? w.T^_!ir« * .•.• y# 5 om 5 n Ity J el -^
fetaSilk. exquisitely finUhed In tuck,, hemstitching, lac* jSllty "VnetliS BrwdXh and 1 Cheviot! ttfUmtlmlut SthJr. .^^aV al w«V the' lowest^rW.^'ou'r'Tv^H^ 3
•*- trimmed, with fluffy Liberty Silk ruffles, etc.: very grace- tn colors «t brown, oxford gray, navy |2T.M »ni $33f 0 ?" the hollduTJ^ arT rV.dVido«e^I rt ™~ °^LJS1 l.tl
E $15.00, SI7.50, $20.00, $22.50 Each. pSS^=S?Sl
•»— ' ■•.-.' ' t.- with sine ana satin straps and novelty braid; perfect In or nn *»t rn at in mm • aip •«>■ .
£ IMMENSE SALE OF $5.00, $7.50, .$10,00 to $l5,00iach, g
HOSIERY. Handkerchiefs for Everybody. A BIG SALiE OF 3
S^ There never was so grand, comprehensive and thorough- CUriTTC TA HJaTkDDsflll/
I4c^ I9c^ 22c^ 32c^ j^ffS^'fiaATSSa tM^A/SaS^^ anttlVJU-MUKKUW
fc ; 20cHos S 25cHos S 35c Hose SOc Hose r^aSS .ng t te,^re^n^^^nd h re^for t u^^ be "
S mo^^^^^s^^Sr^t^l^^^SS 1^^ THIS WEEK.- ' : ; -i *£ e^"g -g- Jj-Jg. %%: worth £. a^aOc each -
«w the regular selling crices. We have closed out from the IC r KACH-600 dozen Ladles' AH-Llnen Handkerchiefs. lyu- Sch'S 2«' KhHtS* Ttito' wSHh S' !J"1t£ *^°!l Z2 ,
■gr leadia? wholesale house about 150) pairs of samDl* ho»e- IOC i n beautiful lace trimmed and embroidered effects; 5£* c ,*J?J"5 ™l" Sh~tV JiSn'. I-n^h SS # i'*Kn Hc Mc h-^
ZL the teafllng and t*« selling styles of this fall fcr women mo»t of them worth Me. K? -ach'Io dor' ShH tn K worth !. K?S MC s
f^: ar.<! chKCren. Included are lace and lisle hose-plain and e «. O OA BOX-Ladles 1 AH-Llnen Hemstitched Handker- ° 5C etcn " W dor - ***«*. Wx9 °. worth «6c. st..53c each
r;b».td cottua hose of a fast black dye— also hundreds of ©I chiefs, with a dainty hand-embroidered Initial. tVTQl CDCPIal III Dll I flU/PsCC* '"2
«g— sty! i *n novelty farcy rt-vkinrs. All to be sold at a re- fine quality. In box of six. ILCO. tA I nh OrtUIAL IN rlLLUlToAotOi : : " Zm%
•— ducuca of at least ONE-THIRD. CI^O A BOX-Men's Hn« quality All-Linen Hemstitched f f|r> dozen Pillow Cases, sire 43x16. with !2
£' I4c, 19c, 22c, 27c and 32c, S l ,TTa Han<lkerclllefs ' beautlfuUy lnltteI^ p - »* $ ioVh^oSrow 00^ s&' exceSlenl quallty: weu 3
ZZ . — . COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. •— — '. ' "' '' "' ' - " ' -
g $10.50 Silk Petticoats . £~* Ufk\A S1.75 White Reiisrrea^ g
•— - rtre of th« b^st Petticoat bar- (S-m m #| Mir W — — ,^^m /V M sJr TGsVlBBaU ' -^
~— rrarfu.ted »-<-r.,T<\\cn plaits flounce and extra Z^LW^^^^ mm *W ?{.* *aT. . VJ ?^i' i • t 'f ch ' d "round ~ M% ~ n I
Zl silk durt ruffle with ruch- trimming top an<1 "^^-^^^^i^^^ : . ft c(l^ 2l « x: ' ln ''" ""1 rt « uIarI >' r» al =5
•— bcttom; cut extra full; in all colors anl bla'.k. mmt^^L^^r ' Monday nnd TucsJay -*■•>
«Jreat value at . . . : ■ . l W M>^BP B 9 ll '7'QS2r^BV^B^^^ cCi r%& tr t. • ,■■' "^
liiuuiiuuiiwuiuiiimiiuuiuiaiuiuiuiaiiiiiiiumiiuuiiuu
Handball at Stanford University.
STANFORD rNIVERSITY. Ncv. 30.—
The final series of the. handicap handball
tournament was played this afternoon,
F. F. Gundrum, '03, winning out. Out of
the thirty-five players who entered the
tournament but three appeared in the
final series — Gundrum. S. P. Frissello. '03.
and Walter F. Dunn. '04. Frlsselle. with
a handicap of five points, was def^.iftid
by Dunn: Gundrum, with seven points
advantage, winning from the champion.
A« this was* a handicap meet its result
does not decide who shall be possessor of
the championship now held by Dunn. A
tournament to decide this will b« held
early next semester. ' . . :
Resignation of Railroad Man.
ST. PAUL. Nov. SO.-The Dispatch to
day publishes an item confirming the re-
I»ort that W. P. Clou^h has resigned ai
first vW president nf the Great Northern
and that J. N. Hill will succeed him.
Colonel dough will live in New York and
will manage the affairs of the. Northern
Becvftfea Company as the direct repre
sentative of President Hill.
MORRIS CHI $10,00 ' fiHB
Oak or Mahogany veneered ... EE$t££^$w
filled with silk floss. We |[|| I^^^^Rf*
furnish homes/ flats, hotels IJS^^^^fijffilf
and rooming-houses com- yB /
plete. We have ail the latest l/^S§fi^P^\(
designs in furniture, carpets, \J r 1§ V
curtains and draperies and « W
will gladly give you an es-
Sp y° u wish it, and T. BRILLIANT
free delivery within i£o
miles of San Francisco. FURNITURE CO., v
We close at 6 except on .338-3*2 post street
Saturday. i Io0^^^0.
Stanford Scalps the Indians.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 30.— The Stanford
ele\'en this afternoon defeated a team
from the Government Indian School at
Perrls by a score of 17 to 0. Although
the Indians averaged but 162 pounds, they
put up a fast, gritty game against their
more experienced opponents. Several
times the Indians held the varsity on
downs, once on their own five-yard line.
The reckless and sure tackling of the
Perils ends and backs prevented a larger
score. The game was marked by fre
quent stops for repairs, the Indians being
the RUffcrers in nearly every case. Lefl
Half Tortes sustained a badly broken
nose, but pluckily refused to leave the
field.
Wheelmen Will Eace on the Road.
The 8an Francisco Wheelmen will hold
their five-mile handicap road race this
morning at 10 o'clock over the San Lean
dro course. The members will leave the
city on the 9 o'clock boat. Thirty-coven
ridern are entered. This will be the last
bicycle race of the season.
..- ■ ■■ ■: ■ h ■■-: •,.-■•■ ■'■■•■■, " . • , -■■■■*■:--. n - * , :; , ■.;.i',. : -: • . ; . •< ■:
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAlil?, SUNDAY, DECEMBER i; 1901.
MILITARY POST
FOR MONTEREY
Government Seeking a
Sitein tfie Old
- Capital.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MONTEREY, Nov. 30.— A telegram wan
received here laat night by Mayor R. P.
Johnson relative to the possibility of Mon
terey eupplylns/a suitable site for the per
manent military camp which the Govern
ment proposes to establish on this coast.
An informal meeting ""of citizens was at
once held in the Old Capital Club to con
sider the question. Measures to obtain the
necessary 1000 acres of land were taken.
Two possible sites were considered as
mcctlng&U the requirements, viz: A por
tion 0t the Jacks Tract, Just back of and
adjoining the present United States mili
tary reservation and the old Noche Bueno
rancho, east of town. The latter was fin
ally selected and the ownors of the va
rious holdings In tho tract were communi
cated with, each signifying willingness to
sell at a low figure. A committee of citi
zens will at once ba appointed to take up
the matter on behalf of tho town and to
confer with the proper. Government offi
cials relative to the purchase of the land.
Tho citizens of Monterey are greatly In
terested and arc eager to bring the' army
post to Monterey,' as it will be a great ad
vantage to tho mercantile . and 'farming
Interests of this section, and: the town Is
ready to make a liberal proposition to the
Government. From 2000 to 10,000 men, it Is
«ald, will be kept at the proposed post
constantly. . T ■ i
BENICIA, Nov. 30.— For somo days past
Benlcla has been considerably excited
over a rumor that the United States army
barracks are to be removed from this city.
Tho report appears to have foundation,
but it is hdped that the prompt action of
the people of this city will retain the
post Congressman Metcalf's aid has been
enlisted and ha will do all that he can
to prevent a change.' Before going to
Washington ha telegraphed >o "the War
Department a request for a postponement
of action until his arrival' ,
BULLER TOASTS
HEALTH OF KING
Remarkable Scenes at
Dinner at Which Qen
"■ "■ .* Veral Presides.
LONDON, Nov.' 30.— The Devonian din
ner, at which General Buller presided, at
the Hotel Cecil to-night, was the scene of
great enthusiasm and a remarkable trib
ute to the personal popularity of the din
credited general. . But it passed ofT with
out any actual anti-Government demon
stration. }'■:, : ■• .-: ; . ■. ' v<r .:,: , ■-:■ y
Long before the hour fixed for the re
ception the great courtyard of the hotal
was crowded with Bullerites. The arrival
of General and, Lady Buller was the sig
nal for enthusiastic cheering. / ' \
The most dramatic scene was ; In the
banquet hall, where ■ General Buller as
the presiding officer proposed the health
.of the King. A remarkable' demonstra
tion ensued, and it is doubtful If London
nas ever seen a more hearty response to
the toast to the King.. , „
Alhambra Club's Masquerade.
The sixth annual masquerade ball of
the Alhambra Club was held last night at
EIntracht hall on Twelfth street. . The
affair, «?s is usual with this 'club, was : a
decided success. There was plenty of fun
and frolic for the young folk, who were
masked. None but those wearing masks
were allowed on the floor until 12 o'clock,
when masks were removed. ':..-■
The committee that completed the ar-\
rangements was composed of the follow
ing named: E. C. Miles, W. Maroney. E.
Gunther, M. Whalen, A. C. Dufosse, D.
Barry, B. Parnow, , W. . O'Brien, P. Wal
cott, J..Lamey, E. Bar, James O'Brien, II.
Smith, C. Regan, John O'Brien. J. Des
mond, J. Healy, -W.-Hoey, J. Griffin, W.
niley, D. Hanlon, T.Lamey, A. Sullivan
and J. O'Neil. - v •
8UES TO RECOVER MONKV WANED,-
Ferdtnand RelM flltd • a . suit for 1 111,404 ■ and
Interest airalitat Petor Twttphatts y«»t«rday. He
rlalma tht monry ' la duo him oil' two promla
aory note* . executed <i hy Tfcutohaua. ,: r , .-:■. .-. i .-
■ A poor-.' dinner^Ww; ; -:»^ -poori •»cttiii'*la'
STILL FIGURING
LOSS OF LIFE
Sixty-Eight Are Said to
Have Perished' in the
i^Wabash Wreck.
Presidents of Road Declares
That tHe Deadllumber*
Twenty- One.
A DETROIT, JNov. 80— The Tribune, to
morrow ■ will : print an exhaustive argu
ment tending to show that at least sixty
eight people lost their., lives in the Wa
bash wreck near Seneca, Mich., Wednes
day night. *>''::.-'■' "
i The Tribune ; wiir say that there were
two cars of immigrants besides one filled
with baggage, In which were" also a few
Italians of the 200 who arrived previously
In New York, making a total of 110 on
the train, and that a recapitulation of the
deaths in the wreck shows the following:
That train No. 4 contained five passen
gers, one colored porter, total 6. ■ " ■:
Train 13, Firemen Baldorf and Dowd,
four Italians, bodies Identified; C6 Italians
not 'accounted for; in the identiHed dead,
the injured or the wounded; total 62.
This gives a total of sixty-eight dead on
both trains/ V /< v : ; ; : v ;^/: :.:»:-.-•■■ '•■•■'. ;;■•-•■ : >o
ST. LOUIS, Nov.. 30.— President Joseph
Ramsay Jr. of the Wabash road still
insists that the reports giving the number
of dead and injured in the wreck near
Seneca, Mich., are exaggerated. His latest
report from Superintendent Burns places
the number j of dead at twenty-one and
the severely Injured at twelve. lie also
states that many of those reported wound
ed are only bruised and scratched, and
that the most -of these were yet on their
way home. ' '}': ■■■:;•■.;■■■ ; ''.■■■ r-i.v'/--.' : -^-;H\-; ■
, A message from Superintendent Burns
stated that eight bodies. had been taken
out .of the wreck and identified, and that
there were charred fragments of bodies
representing by-, undertakers' r estimates
twelve or.. thirteen adults and; one In
fant. This report also stated that' Fire
man Dowd. was still missing." •'•'•'•-.■ '?.-V-:i> ■
President Ramsay gave out the follow
ing list of identified dead,: James Brown,
Buffalo; Dominlcio Crebara; E. N. Dew
ell, Detroit ; Ida Dunhart, Tupperville,
Ont. : Girolono Trino, Carlo Trlno, Job
Wltcbell, George N. . Toumans, Kansas
Clty.;-v-.-.- .--_;•" : .!?./.;•-
PEBSONAL.
Frank H. Short of Fresno is a guest at
the Palace. : ■
R. J. Waterman, a capitalist of Santa
Rosa, is at the Palace. /. .■-'..■;'. > ; V
C. R. Heath, a mining man, who re
sides at Vallejo, Is a guest at the Grand.
Garret McEnerney Is »' expected home
from his extended tour . of Europe, tbo
week before Christmas.
V E. Black Ryan of the Southern 'Pacific
Company has moved up from Menlo Park
with his family and is staying for the
winter months at the Occidental. •>. "
Charles 'M. Hays, ex-president* of '"the
Southern Pacific Company, is at present
touring England before assuming his re
sponsible position with the Grand Trunk
line. -.: :. - -. -.-. -■■ :: - ■■ :-■:■■ -;:■-.. ■ ■ ■, .{-^ -^ :
Calif ornians in New York.
NEW YORK, Nov. JO.-The following
Californians are in New York: From San
Francisco— C T. Landers, at Hoffman:
D. C. Bloom, at Marlborough; B. Levy,
at Ashland: N. B. Llvennore. at Im
perial; J. C. McGriff, at St. Denis; H.
Platt, at Criterion. From Los Angeles—
F. Herron. at Manhattan. From San
Diego— L. L. Wedeklnd, at Grand.
Lodge. Officers Elected.
At a meeting of Harmony Lodge, An
cient Order of Workmen, last night, the
following named officers were elected for
the ensuing term: : - * . ; , ;
J. Foley Jr., master workman; George
J. Garrell. foreman; P. J. Stahl, overseer;
J. W. Manning, guide; M. M. Catterina,
inside watchman: P. J. Foley. outside
watchman; and Samuel McFadden, trus
tee. —. : r • ' -.•■"■■■■•■;;■■• .-■ •". - ■;,:■; >.:
Eureka Valley Lodge of the same order
elected the following named:
C. F. Kimball. master workman; T. T.
Lorenzen, foreman: D. N. Kimball, over
seer: John Bahrs, guide; James McGary,
inside watchman: D. N. Lockhart, out
side watchman: J. Bahrs, trustee. .....:
THE TREATMENT THAT CURES
■:■,■:■ V; ■•■■: :.- .-■••■ 'o^.:.- .•.••.".:■■: v ■■:,•;-';■.■;,:.-■■■.-:-:.■ ':; , \ ' .
DRS. SHORES' POPULARITY. THEIR LARGE PRACTICE, THEIR WONDERFUL SUCCESS IN SAN PRAX-
CISCO. are not the result, of accident or advertising, but are the legitimate results that follow YEARS OF CAREFUIi
STUDY AND PRACTICE in the treatment of DEAFNESS, CATARRH AND CHRONIC DISEASES. I
Drs. Shores' PRICES ARE RIGHT: they are not "big: fee" doctors. Drs. Shores' LOW FEE SYSTEM has been th« S
direct means of bringing the services of catarrh and chronic disease specialists within the reach of all the people. If
>you arc alck orallinjr with any CHRONIC DISEASE it does not cost you a "HOUSE AND LOT" to take Drs. Snores'
treatment. Drs.'Shores will treat you for the low fee of $5 PER MONTH. No other charge or expense ln any case of •
catarrhal Chronic disease. All medicines free. ■ ■ :';■ ./"■:■'-'■■. ■'-;;■.. : ■ .-'.:: '
DRS. SHORES' VOLUNTARY TESTIMONIALS FROM HOME PEOPLE each week (people you can see and talk
with) aro the very best evidences in the world of Drs. Shores' skill as expert physicians and specialists. They tell you
that Drs. Shores' treatment is EFFECTIVE. If you are SICK and DISCOURAGED; if you are DEAF; If you hav»
CATARRH; if you suffer from any CHRONIC or NERVOUS DISEASE— come and consult Drs. Shores FREE THIS
WEEK, whether you take treatment or not. -. j , : . ;,.,.,.;
r'^j^jsifo FRBB TO THE PUBLIC
-i^Wl THIS WEEK!
jir^^^^^ To p>rovc What Dr«. Shores' New «| .
nni Treatment Will Do, Wf} v
Til _$Sm^JHk . ■ Drs. Shores Invite all who suffer from DEAF- E& j^^t)
ill "V^^Sl^S* NESS. CATARRH. ASTHMA or LUNG DIS- fW <T^^ "^^"- I
«■' afU0%t. ,.^—^CwMMlgfly RASES to come to thrlr parlors any day this ■ IM
i lAti 3vfiSES \jBH 9(^\yflilsB week and receive ABSOLUTELY FREE of > 1> I *
1R» *>3fmV** WrwSVmVTWW charge ONE TRIAL TREATMENT from Drs. tAi*v i • l_ 'i / ! :
M ' ■^"*» .^WrtfipHH Shore* A Shores" new Instrument. This FREE I \" *^f
111 ■? TRIAL TREATMENT will enable the publl; llTSi i s^ttE& *<'
\\i M to obt » tn f ree of charpe a DEFINITE IDEA ' "MiV M i * I *^WL*/
\fk i Ml (V Drs. Shores" advanced methods for treating . - iJIWjal * — -JO,.!
V\. -/ftl^ift. UKAKXESS. OATARBH and ill (ormi tl a* ; dlH' \ '^^W
J. a.IRV^FpUrjM.lc Ranch. Placervlllv \ W^T 41™ I an^aITIrIIn^^ Sob*^?^^
>:•■/• C *'v ?■.:,-:■ .-■■.■> :, \%. '■'■§ CO.. CCRNIR OP VAN NES9 AVENUK AND
*-! a ■ivtl-'lV >%t\ r^rxtllVTrx^ << T^V / MeALLISTKR STREET. WHERE I CAN BIS
GAINER 30 POUNDS. j5J|| |lj§\*/ S^^'^Jk^M^A
J. Q. Irvln», th« well-known rancher, siys: tfT "'' '"JLffl ,'^K" ""^^^ h ** e na d MVfr» S | E HEMORfUUGES from' th«
"I would' hawk and eplt. and when I would : ■bWi_J_^S^^ft-i.^^i^ LITNOS. MY HEAD WOULD ALSO STOP
eat a little I would have auch pain ln my mom- iBlHBMBSi I iiStfJ'J J had * Kr * at d ' al ot trouble with my
jtownV^ri^M.tav.^Vff ■"• '5 mffV ~ ffiffA^'Ba^rAjsaffibSffi^i
down or work; I would»have to wnlk Around iBnFl 9 would eat anything 1 would BLOAT UP. I had
until 1 would get easy. I- also had headaches Iff L! ■ » NIGHT SWEATS and suffered a great- dm 1
and constant dlanhoeo. lasting several days at i I I fit PbB I . from SORENESS In my LUNOS and CHILL3.
a l L me -. J i r l ed , to dl«t'iny«olf, but It did no I I | |HH H I became very weak and run down and UN-
•food. 1 had backache, rlnglnn ln ears, affect- 1 * ] j*9 || ABLE TO WORK.
[no my. hearing, hawking and spitting, pain I I H \\>3Bm*i. II This was my condition when I applied" tn
behind breast bone, coated tongue, bad taste , I ** FaJ pi WHT ' I Drs. Shores three months a^o. I can say that
hi mouth and lo« of nmictlte. I became so re-, • I^Vifii. liaBt. g. 4 DR3. SHORES" TREATMENT HELPED MB
1 U m?? ft?m^nti^ 0W Jui-. h t? M S tO . I A T r > 8 V KATS iisi^S* SsssP* 55^a YUOSl THE FIRST WEEK. . My APPETITK
rnwff T K OUOHT i T . HK .^ N P . UAD AUOUT *rVSL^B tH BEGAN TO IMPROVE AND I WOULD Dl-
COMB. because durtne. the last two years X > y. L r»..l ■ OEST MY FOOD. I HAVE GAINED FIF-
have tried doctors and hava used everything ■■■:'-{ I " '■•■.; . <* v ■ - TFTKN POUNDS tn weight and am ABLE TO
recommended to me for my, trouble, but got no ' i^ ■• •- ■ WORK NOW. My cou»:h in almost gone and
• >i, i. \. n m, . *.,» a .v lw ' ll H ' MY CATARRH IS MUCH BETTER. I sleep
•Ince I began Drs. Shores ft Shores' treatment. ■ ' . > 11 . .: ■. Q wav nnd I HEARTILY RECOMMEND DRSL
ANn'Al^MT^I^^r^SSSS? ■-WffK 1 ? 9 ■ " «KOR"S? VoR^THEr HAVE DONE WO*
AND ALMOST WITHOUT HOPE. TO-DAY I •' ' ■ ; ~ ■ '., nvRs iron me • • ~ '
FEEL, HRALTHY AND ROBUST AND FUt-L V ' {.PRCUITIPR - (Sl-nJS> "EDWARD ROBERTS.
OF VIGOR. 'My slcknea. wa« CATARRH. AF- P HOyiAli I I tb. ' W plm. StreTtT Saa i FnwUco. C*I. W
FECTINQ MY HKAD AND STOMACH. We treat DEAFNESS. CATARRH and all fierce atreei. nan f ra^ci
MVER. BRONCHIAI V TUBES AND KID^ forms or CHRONIC and NERVOua IDWBAS. HOM1 TRBATMBNT CURBS.
NEY8. ' " ■; k f- . • • Ks>, Includin* all private dlsetsss, Lost Man- No on« need he denrlved of the benefits of
(Signed) . •:;•■;.■ • J. O. IRVING. hood. etc. Cqnsultatlon free to all. . Prs. Shorea' treatment because of Hvln«r a ts>
•.'.■■_ •>• ..i . , :. • , ■•".*:/;. . ■• i distance from the ofHce. The sam« wonderful
bTVbT^sO «T> ■ ■ i> Brit ■— AT* ''A' v r» ■ ■ '/v'nr><\ '' ■ '' •«»<* uniform success U found In tnelr Hnfx»
DRS. SHORES & SHORES, specialists.
Epp^i^RYiBlllLDING, 723- MARKET S^?-.SSSi.»S SrHS^Sf^H
Office Hours— week days, • a. m. to 4 p. m. Evenings. 8 to I," Sundays. 10 a. tn. to U noon.; vi'jcs, • : .:
MAY OVERTHROW
FRENCH CABINET
Opposition : Makes Its
Power Kinown in the
Capital.
Conduct '; of in
China Causes' a Con-
' ' ■ V; ; " -V ■ troversy. ;'.: ." ■ 'p';.-:.v;'i
Special Dispatch to The Call.
J. PARIS. Nov. 30.— In order to compre
hend French domestic' politics during the
last week . It Is necessary first of .all to
grant what in philosophy is called a
postulate, which is ; peculiar to France
and which foreigners ' can only under
stand by eliminating their ordinary no
tions of things. : ~ - - ' r- . v :^
This postulate is: The only thing that
concerns the opposition is to overthrow
the Cabinet, while the majority is con
cerned " . , solely with : maintaining It in
power.'- There is no other programme.
Tho grand struggle that will be fought
out next year has already begun. :
; If you overlook this truth, you will be
able to understand " nothing, ' and every
thing will >eem absolutely silly, even to
the extent of anti-clericals voting for a
loan to indemnify missionaries, and cleri
cals voting against that same loan; and
further, of a government programme re
ceiving the support of revolutionists and
being attacked by that government's ad
herents."-:- .': ■'.■:<•"' ••.;.• >-.;■■ v :: :'v.> -r.-vs .--'■-:: '■>
There was a projected loan of 256,000,000
francs, redeemable by Chinese Indemnity
payments . and Intended to* cover the ex
penses of the China expedition amounting
to 200,000,000 francs,' and to meet the dam
ages . sustained . by. private persons and
corporations, the sum of 65.000,000 francs.
The stumbling block was the missionary
question. "\.::.:.: ; ; ••;••• '.■;■■"/.;: >-/
, It seems to have been proved that cer
tain missionaries took advantage . of the
entry into Peking of the allied forces to
lead the Christians ln a campaign of loot.
They even secured the assistance of sol
diers and sailors by paying the latter with
checks negotiable, in Paris.
. These facts were made public over six
months ago. General Voyron, who com
manded the French forces, confirms them
ln his official report, and it Is very un
likely that he would amuse himself by
recounting things that were not true' and
gratuitously calumniating the mis
sionaries.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 30.— News has
just reached here of the death of Charles
A. White, a mining superintendent and
engineer well known throughout Cali
fornia. His demise occurred on Novem
ber 27 at Ocampo, Mexico. From the
meager reports received,' the cause was
peritonitis. Mr. White was a native of
New York, about 57 years old. He was
a pioneer miner on the Comstock lode.
Before going to Mexico, Mr. White resided
in Pasadena with his family. For many
years he has been superintendent of a
rich mine in Chihuahua, Mexico, but more
recently he has-been managing a gold and
sliver mine near Terraxas. Mexico, where
Mrs. White visited. him this summer.
Herman Strecker.
READING, Pa., Nov. 30.— Dr. Herman
Strecker, a sculptor and entomologist of
world- wide fame, died here to-day, aged
65 years. He was fifty years in gathering
his superb collection of butterflies, which
contains 300,000 specimens, the largest col
lection in America, and' upon which he ex
pended 125,000. " y. : :V ; •'^''■:- :;■;:.:■. ' : : ■ .. ' . : . :
Findley'B. Dray.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. SO.-F.mdley R.
Dray, one of the most prominent citizens
of Sacramento and for two terms State
Senator from this county, died this even
ing at the age of 69 years. Mr. Dray was
a director of the Sacramento Bank for
many years. ; v ■•.■•••••.■ : : -
SENT TO JAIL.-Frtd W.
Ross wm sent to th« County Jail for five
months for petty larceny by Judge Dunn* yes
terday. Rom waa charred with robbery, but
was allowed to plead rallty to the lesser
charse. - ". ■_• - . ..: ,-: . ■ .: , : . ■
No Money Wanted,
Simply Tell Me tie Book
You Need.
: Please write a postal to know -what I
spent a lifetime in learning. It la a way
to get well— often, the only way. ' ;
With the book I will send an order on
your druggist Jor six. bottles Dr. Shoop's
-Restorative; and he will let you test it a
inonth. If satisfied, the cost ia $3 50. It it
fall*,- 1 -will pay your druggist myself.
Think what that means. On any other
remedy such an offer would bankrupt the
maker. But I have furnished my remedy
to over half a million people on just those
terms; and K> out of each 40 have paid for
it. because they were cured. When it falls
not a -penny is. wanted.- .,..,..'. '..;• .
My success comes from strengthening
the inside nerves. .1 bring back the power
that operates the vital organs. Nerre
power alone can overcome, this weakness.
I pity the sick one who lets prejudice
keep him from getting my book; -; :. >
• Slmol* state Book No. 1 on Dyspepsia. ;.
•Hfh hook" WD Book No - 2 on the Heart «
which book you BoolcNOm s on Kidneys,
want, and address Book No.-' 4 "for Women.,
Dr. Shoop. Box CO, Book No. S for Men. <seal«j|1
Racine. WU. Book No. « on.Bheumatis^.
Mild cases, not chronic, are often cured
by one or two bottles. At all druggists.
TIDE TURNS
ON ACCUSER
Witnesses Declare Major
Lauchheimer JWas
Intoxicated^
NEW TORK, Not. 30.— The taking of
evidence ln the ITeade «onrt-martlal end
ed to-day. The last witness on the stand
was the accused himself. After the cross
examination of Colonel Meade the court
handed this question to the judge- advo
cate: .
"In using the word 'collusion* m. your
testimony before the court of Inquiry, re
ferring to Colonel Denny and t&e archfc
tect. Mr. Boring, did you mean it ln %
monetary sens©?" ■',■
"No sir. I did not." replied Colonel
Meade., "The word was not mine. Tfee
cross-examiner used tho expression and ia
the heat and hurry of cross-examination
I Inadvertently copied Major Lauch
heimer's phrase. I meant that from the*
letter written by Mr. Boring to- Colonel
Denny, in which I was accused of habit
ual intoxication and that all of the *ncn
of my command considered me an imbe
cile and many other cnxngs, I inferred
that' the architect was associated with
Colonel Denny ln bis efforts to make
trouble for me." ;
Colonel Meade, Captain Shaw, Lieuten
ant K. Harrison, R. L. Meade (son of the
colonel) and Edward B. Allen testified
that Major Lauchheimer was Intoxicated
at the party in Colonel Meade' s home ln
Boston.
Challenges Baseball Team.
The Del Monte baseball team Is anx
ious to play the Reliance team of Oak
land a return game. These teams met
last Sunday and the game was called on
account of darkness, the .score being S
to 8. The line-up of the Del Montes is:
Nelan, catcher: Carroll, first base: Scar^-v
Ian. seconditoase; Strelb, third base: Syt- 1
via, shortstop: Fairbank, . center field; "^
Bpencer, left field; Waters,', right field. The.
team Is under the management of Pat
Scanlan of Golden Gate, Oakland. He Is
ready to play his men against any team
in the State.-, ■■■■-^■■■: .:,-; ; •;--■.. ■■v,;:- -■'■:.■ -V-
Knocked Sown and Bobbed.
-An tone Richmond, 7 Rlncon avenue, re
ported to Policeman J. L. Murphy early
yesterday morning that he had been
knocked down and robbed of his watch
and chain by three young men in South
Park. They had followed him down Third
streeti from Howard, he said. ' He was
under the Influence of liquor and could
not give a description of the robber*.
He had some money In his pocket, bat
no attempt was -made to take it Mur
phy and two other officers took Richmond
to several saloons were he had been drink
ing, but could find no trace ot the rob
bers. < V/ < v --^V:-: v ..\v;; ..■'■;..- . '-- ; " V H-- ':-:; V."HAY DEMANDS
RAPID ACTION
Secretary of State Wants
Miss Stone's Early
: Release.
CALL BUREAU. HOfJ G STREET. N.
XV.. WASHINGTON', Nov. 30.—Disap
pointed b/ the delay In securing the re-
lease of Miss Ellen M. Stone, Secretary
Hay has sent Instructions by. cable to C.
M. Dickinson, United States diplomatic
agent In the Bulgarian capital, who Is
now In Constantinople, to redouble his ef
forts to bring about the freedom of the
American missionary and ' her com
panion, Mme. Tsllka. Similar instructions
have been sent to Spencer Eddy, Charge
d* Affaires of the United States in Con
stantinople.
So explanation of Dickinson's departure
has been received by the Btate Depart
ment and the official are at a loss to un
derstand why he left Bulgaria at so criti
cal a period in the negotiations. Several
telegrams in relation to the Stone case
have been received from Eddy and Dick
lnKon since the latter 'reached Constanti
nople, but in none has any reason been
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 1, 1901.
given for the diplomatic agent's course/
No faith is placed by the State Depart
ment officials in the reports that Miss
Stone has dted from exposure yand hard
ship or has been put to death. 'Eddy and
Dickinson have assured the department
that these stories are without foundation,
so far as they have been able to ascer
tain, and they express utter disbelief In
them. :\ ••;■■:.■-. ■'■'■:. ;«'-■&<!>£; .'-'.^.'i-H:-: -.C-^ : ' :
In both the State and Navy depart
ments assurances were given to-day that
the visit of the training .ship Dixie to
Smyrna, Turkey, has no connection with
the Stone case. ; Naval officials • said : she
was merely following her regular ached
ule. '■.-■■ :.;•.:» ■■:>";* -. :: : ;. ■^■■;y. v.^-,;-;-:.-,^/ ,-. 
"Ducky" Holme* I» Safe.
I>ES MOINES, lowa, Nov. 30.— "Ducky"
Holmes, left fielder for the Detroit bMt-
ball team, who, it was feared, had been
killed In the Wabash wreck, has been lo
cated. He left his home -In this city
Monday evening for Detroit. He Intend
ed to take the train out of Chicago that
was subsequently wrecked at Seneca.
Telegrams (ailed to reach him until this
morning:, when an answer was received
from Detroit stating that he had acci
dentally missed the train.. ;
P. 0. \ Kelly, AaiignM.
v The A. Brick bankrupt clothing stock
sale will start on Thursday, December 12.
The delay was on account of not having
the room. This week will positively ..'dear,
out' every suit of the Lyceum Clothlnsr
Co. There will be on «afe to-morrow 500
all-wool men's suits, worth $18. for $4 65.
Wednesday the overcoats will have their
day at the clothing assignee sale ■of the
Boston, 773 Market street, near Fourth. • »
NATIONS SHY
AT ARBITRATION
Chile and Peru at Odds
Over a Pan- Ainericanv
Plan..
: CAIiIi;BURBAU.I4O« O, STREET. ' N.
W., ;•-• WASHINGTON,' Nov. .- 30.— Tha
Chilean and Peruvian Governments are
very much concerned over a proposition .
submitted by the Mexican delegates to the
Pan-American conference to make the ar
bitration of future, disputes compulsory
on the nations In the three Americas.
With a quick appreciation of the pres
tige that will come to> this resolution If
It has the support of the United States.
and the weakness of the case of those be
hind It If that Influence goes the other
/Way, the diplomatic representatives of
Chile and Peru were at the State Depart
ment early to-day seeking separate inter
vle-ws with Secretary Hay. \" '-■
To the Secretary each Charge d'Affalres,
Senor Infante for Chile and Senor Pezet
for Peru, explained the attitude of his
Government. Chile Is opposed to any ar
bitration scheme that will bind her to
submit to * Judicial determination of
boundary disputes between Peru and her-
self, while Peru Is anxious to so a step
farther than Mexico In proposing that ar
bitration shall be compulsory on all ques
tions, past, present and future. Involving
territorial riehta i in this hemisphere. ..-
It la understood that In response to In
quiries as to the position of tha United
States on the subject Mr. Hay was non
committal. . This Government's 'in favor
of arbitration, but desires to arrange a
plan for the settlement of International
controversies that will be satisfactory to
all or nearly all countries concerned. ,?S
Merrily Going- On.
In the great shoe sale to-morrow there
will be on sale 1000 pairs of men's calf
chocs worth $2 50 for only $1 35. Bvery
pair of shoes of Pahl's muat-gro before
December 81. This is the time to buy your
shoes .at Pahl's Shoe Sale, : 324 - Keaxny
■trett, near Buatu ; '* . , vtj
2526
EVERYTHING PROMISES
FOR SUCCESS OF
THE SYMPHONY SEASON
By Blanche Partinglon.
THE above {5 an excellent portrait
of the rnbust and genial conductor
Of the San Francisco Symphony
Society. Paul Steindorff. ufto is to
show what h<? can <lo in symphony
lirfF a week from Friday next.
Evidently unregardlul of the acceptedly
fziv.v.ovs. Mr. SteindorfT is to inaugurat?
hi? ryrapbony career on a Friday, and.
:.-,T content viith that, on the 13th of the
taoatfe!
T^ree concerts, as a kind of experimen
ts*! teriis. ard be cfren «^n the afternoons
ef Df-cf=jber 33. January 10 and 17. The
OicnU Or>era-ho - j£5 has l>**rrs chosen as
th~ teasporary hon-.f- of the symphony—
until that cattle in Spain, a music ball
for Sir. Francisco. materlaliz?s. The fol
lowing friers will rcisn: Reserved seats
for the series of thre<; concerts. J3 50. 52 25.
Ji T> ar.d fl. The saie of seats will l>egin
to-iKorrow morning at Sherman &. Clay's
sruiic store. Resen-ed seats Tor single
Concerts range from Jl ZD. $1. 73 cents and
U cents, end tvi!l I* p1ac<?iJ on sale at the
fc^rr.rr piutt; on Tuesday morning. Dectrm
t>*r 10.
Everything is promising admirably for
U.e success of the series. The Interest
taken in the society 1% already both d^p
and lively, and the musical* quickening
consequent r<pon the grand optra reason
w : .!l find litr»- its further field cf
growth. Mr. ettindorff has been suc
ctsrtul in saithenns into the fold almost
*very orchestral mu&iclan oi prominence
lr> the city, and the rehearsals so far have
fcten marked by an «ithi^!a£m that prom
ises cxcf-llcat'.y fcr the future of the\o
ciery. The orchestra numbers fifty-five
musicians, with Mr. Gir.Ho MinetU as con
ccrtmetetec. The following programme
has been arranged for the first concert:
"Academic Overture" of Brahms; Joa
chim Raff's Symphony No. 3. in F major.
"Jrn Waldtr"; the Orman and Spanish
krartlops of MoczkoTVsky's euJt»» "Am
Aller Herren Laender'; R. Volkmann*
■lescnadc f'jr ftringE. No. 3. F major a'd
L!yzt's Itukcczy March.
**Tv"hen you can have one love you can
h<iv«? two." as wise grannie os«^l to have
It. and so it Rc<rns with symphony soci
eties. With the resuscitation of the
Fan Frandsco Symphony Society comes
CDinddcntlr the resurrection of the
«>!d Philharmonic Society Orchestra, alto
wMh symphonic intentions.
Years ag« the Philharmonic Society was
a tody of von&Iderable prominence in the
Desks] world here, helping materially to
ADVEBTISEMEirrS.
PREVENTS AND
BREAKS UP
•3 iSk Jh b
*f >«^u w;|* read tins notico
each week, and b- guided by
its precept?, you will keep Tree
Ircm sickness, because the
advice pertains to the preven-
tion and treatment of Grip
and Colds. Twenty per cent,'
one person in five, die of
pulmonary dissase; and Colds
are the/ seat or nearly all
sickness; something elso may
develop, but a Cold is usually
at the bottom of the malady.
The use of "77" checks a
Cold at the star:, and "breaks
up" Colds th^t "hang on."
At all DrtiMists' 25 cents, or mall*! on receipt
of price. DOCTOR'S BOOK MAILED FREE.
Humphreys' Homeopathic Medldae Co., Cor-
ner William and John Streets. New Turk.
GENIAL AND TALENTED CON
DUCTOR OF THE SAN FRAN
CISCO SYMPHONY SOCIETY.
raise the mustral standard. But for some
timfi it has done nothing and the once
famous amateur organization seemed to
have hef.n relegated to the usefulness of
yesterday. It appear? not. however, but
has taken on a new lease of life and id
now in a flourishinc; and mo*;t hopeful
condition. The secretary. E. M. Hecht,
reports 'a membership of foity, a gratify
ing attendance at rehearsals and h high
Ie\el of capacity among the players. The
orch»*tra Is under the capable direction
of Glullo Mlnettl, and its directorate is as
follows:
President. Emil Greenebaum: vice pres
idem. Joseph WIHard; secretary. E. m!
H^cht; treasurer, Robert Hochstadter;
librarian. E. Swensen.
The s-oclcty has for its chlff object the
education of the amateur In the appreci
ation of orcheetral music, for which pur
pose symphonies, as well as lighter or
chestral fare will be the programme of
Htudy. Concerts are to be given from
time to time. Beethoven's' Flrtt Sym
phony has already been chosen for the
opening programme. Th<» rehearsals are
held en Monday evenings at Arion Hall.
It Is needless to insist on the value of
this kind of thing for the amateur musi
cian, and Mr. Minetti'g name in the con
nection at once stamps the high order of
usefulness promised by the organization.
The scene: Mme. Calve's apartments at
the Crocker. The time: One day last
week. The characters: Van Dyck, Calve
and a small audience of admirers. Mr.
Van Dyck tells the story on himself. He
n*as in some music-mad German town, eu
£aged to sing "Lohengrin" In the evening,
and during the day had developed a
"throat." It was not serious, but Just bad
enough to compel him to give up tht»
idea of singing, at least for that
fivenlng. He accordingly notined the man
agement to that effect. "So far so good."
explains Mr. Van Dyck in his voluble
French. But two or three good friends of
his wander in during the evening and
persuade him that nothing is better for a
sore throat than a certain dish and vint
age to be had at a classic restaurant not
too far away. He yields imprudently but
Joyfully to their blandishments. They
reach the restaurant, and. the trouble
YtcKln*. It in ncedlcsn to say that Lohen
grin's non-appearance had caused a^con
siderable disappointment, and unfortu
nately some of tho dlsappolntce* spied
out thfl recreant knight In the restaurant!
Now they tako J-uch things seriously in the
K»th*rland, and soon all the antique eggs
and vegetable* In the neighborhood wcr
careeninK around thft heads of the truant
elnger and his friends, with an army of
wild young students in full pursuit. They
had to take .to their heels at last, and It
Is an Irresistible picture— th»» stately 1,0
hengrln and hl« friends sprinting for dear
life down alleys »nd back streets to es
cape lh!e Ill-Kmelllnx bombardment
"Main, c>*t gueriV— th« oold Is cured—
concluded Van Dyck. with a mischievous
glance for Calve, but the delicately
throated lady smilingly declined to ac
cept thin latest of all the cold "cures of
fered for her consideration. . .
The second of the concerts given by
Mr,. H. B. Pa*more and the clever Pa»
rnore children will^ak« phu.-« in the Maple
Hall. Palace Hotel. Tucaaay evening De
cember 10. During the evening the chil
dren will give eome of the Brahms' "Hun
«artan DanceK" and a "Petite Suite" com
poeed by their father.
UzaLehmflryTH < setting of the "R - u
baiyat? wiir b^ sung by Mr*. Gardner.
Mrs. Ba«ford, Mr. Nowlan and Mr. Pa£
ra°«. The sololnts will be: Miss Adelaide
Blrchler. contralto, who will sinic two
»?"?■ J>y Arthur Kickenischer. accompa
"JTiH.» by th ,f I 0100 // P<>rothy Pasmore.
n i ft * W . U1 P lay Mendelssohn's "Songs
Without Words/ and Mary, violinist, will
give two movements from the "Concerto
Komantique ". by. Qodard.
THE SAN FRANCISCO; CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER if 1901.
THE SAN l|fljS(GISCO CALL
ff^.P;,.?-!?^ WS: LEAKE, Manager
Sunday ........ \... ..:.;..;.. ;V..;.....v.........;.; v
Publication Office. . . ..... ... .... ..... ........... ...... <^5j^ftfc> ., .... ........ .....'. .V./ir. Market and Third, S. F.
THE Call has frequently condemned the inutility of Indian education as fostered and car
ried on by the Federal Government, cither directly or indirectly, whefher in the scHools
at Hampton, Carlisle or elsewhere. The Indians so educatedare returned to the reserva- /
tions occupied by their tribes, where they are fed. in idleness by the Government, and their
education is worse .than useless, heretofore the ' Indian Bureau at^Washington has been a strong^
supporter of this scheme of culture for the red youth. The system involves much patronage and
the expenditure of a large amount of money, audits permanency seemed secure because it appeals
to a large class of Eastern philanthropists, who never- saw an Indian, and who fancy that racial
traits fade out when the alphabet is acquired, and that a red savage is 'changed, into * a Christian
gentleman -by memorizing the catechism. " .. ' '/ ' , ■,
. Now, however, there is in Mr. Jones an Indian Commissioner whose ideas rise above pat
ronage, and who is superior to the small tactics required to hold the misdirected philanthropists
in.Hne.;- : ;V- :^ v -;.v'^ ■ ■■ • ■
; ; /Mn his current report he condemns "the Indian schools and the whole misguided scheme of,
which they are a part. Of these boarding -schools there are ;i6, with an average attendance of?
16,000 pupils between the ages'. ;'6f 5 and ■; 2 1 • These coins from the shack, tepee and wickiup,
taken promiscuously from their parents, without selection according to natural brightness or
quality above their fellows. The Commissioner says that fp.nn the squalor and vermin of the res
ervation they are taken to the boarding : school, well .fed and clothed, with rn,atrons to* wait^on
them in health and. doctors and nurses when sick. Their clothes are washed in the laundry. They
have access to a library, gymnasium and music. Ail of the necessities and many of the luxuries of
life are theirs without ..effort on their part. .• •- '
* When their education is finished; tlicy arc sent back to the -shack, the tepee and the
wickiup of their fathers, back to the squalor and vprmin of the reservation, and to its vice and '
idleness. - \* y • \ \ v > • • ' ' . / ;* '■ ''•';•. .■'-x.:'. .'. ■ '
Their education 'cost-* them nothing ami its value is not appreciated. Its use is impossible.
Its benefit is nowhere apparent. In this; futile, foolish and really injurious effort the Government
has spent .$45,000,000 in twenty years in educating 20,000 Indians, who have survived the opera
tion and returned to their tribes, and there i-r no record of a single individual in that score of thou
sands putting to the least use the training which cost so much. '■ '" - _ "
The Commissioner points out a -similar result of our policy on the reservations. The Gov
ernment furnishes to the Indian, farmers to plow land for him and raise crops, while he on
indifferently. He is not becoming a farmer nor a mechanic. He is simply walking pigeon-to_ed,
looking through his eyebrows, gearing a Government blanket and waiting for the Government
dinner-bell, ':': :"• r: :^C -:-■■''?■:-■ -3- --^ .-•'':>': ;■:. ; ' ■,.'■■.. ' '-" <■ - -r". .. ■ ";~" '
But it is not his fault It is the fauit of the zealous folk who make a fad out of philan
thropy. They have attempted to give the Indian the last stage of civilization first. They are
people who would build houses by beginning with the roof, and plant orchards by putting the
tree-tops in the air instead of the roots in the ground. If they would 1 go among the Zunis,
Moquis and Navajoes of Netf Mexico, the Pueblo Indians, and- study their ways they would be
wiser. ■/ *.-?.:*'„ • '. '..'< ,. : : • * - '• ."'■'.
It \i education in this question to travel across Arizona and New Mexico by the Santa* Fe.
line and have contact with the reservation Indians and the Pueblo tribes and note the differ
ence. The reservation people, lazy, squalid, hideous with the diseases of white vice, which are put?
ting out the eyes of their infants and threatening to make them a blind race/are objects of aver
sion and pity. But note th^ difference in the Pueblos. They tend flocks, spin and weave, turn
the potter's wheel and burr, earthenware. They build houses, have , firesides, " raise grain and
grind it, and are well advanced in that next stage of progress that follows subsistence by -the
chase. No white man taught them these arts. They learned to draw a thread and make a loom
and weave 'without his help. The Pueblo women make their own clothing and dress in a» most
neat and attractive fashion. They are not stolid and dirty, but clean 'and; yfyaciousvvVirttiQUs^and
orderly. They are helping themselves up the, slow path to civilization, and support themselves on
the way. Once they followed game in the chase, then became^ flock owners and nomads;
men with their power over ...'* food supply increased by their increasing acquirement of arts, they
gathered in pueblos and built houses suited to their needs. - • ' v X: X S ■ '
"[They are not going to require algebra and the catechism, or even Christianity, for many
generation*. The old religion ,is good enough for them, and in their industry, self-respect, loy
alty and cheerfulness they are an example to their white neighbors/. ' ■ j
Instead of studying them, the Government has taken his hunting grounds away from the
reservation Indian and given him no flocks and herds in their place, and is attempting to make
him self-supporting on differential calculus, logarithms and the " higher criticism." X
Supplementing the report of the Indian Commissioner comes that of Governor McConnell
of Idaho, indian Inspector, on the physical harm done in the ; Indian boarding schools. He.savs
that children afflicted with scrofula, consumption and niore^lpatlisome diseases are put in the
same room and frequently in the same bed with the healthy. ' Last summer, in speaking to the
Indian Service Institute at Detroit, he said: ■'In your efforts to civilize and christianize the In
dian, if that is your motive, pause to consider whether the In lian mother would not prefer an un
educated living child to an educated dead one. 1 have in mind one reservation from which three
lots o( children were takei. to training and boarding schools. Out of the first lot of fifteen
eleven died at school or shortly: after being sent home in the last stages of disease. Out of another
lot of four three died, and of the third company of fifty-four twenty-three died in school, twelve
were permanent invalids and only nineteen survived in good health. l\om another reservation
in one company of twenty-si.v twenty-one died, and in a second- lot of- .twenty-one sixteen died.
Have we the moral right to take from these poor untutored mothers their offspring and place
them in/these charnel houses?" > v
It is to be hoped that With the solid foundation of fact furnished by the Commissioner and
Inspector, and with the help of the example of the Pueblo Imlians, there may soon come a com
plete revolution in the treatment of our Indian problem; ■ , v ,
A FIGHT FOR PURE GREEK
WHEN the recent reports came of riots in Athens caused by a protest of the univer
sity students against the proposed translation of the New Testament into modern
Greek, the affair seemed to the American public a little more unreasonable than anv
thing ever before committed by a university man. Various efforts were made to ex
plain the situation, with but little success. It was known that many priests were on the, side of
the students, and from this fact the conclusion." was drawn thut the riots were the outcome of i ome
kind of religious conservatism revolting: against progress, much in the same way as many sincere
people in' this country protested* against the revision of the New Testament, when that work
was first undertaken. ; : ; -:.--/-^ ; V:. . y/i- « .'. . / : 'v, : .>;vv- . 'v \ v '-. ■■:■.. ■ w^- : ::>v- . ■ y:-:-^^ -,-, - --.-.::;.-r-
It now appears by reports from Athens that the riots were in no" way prompted by rel^ion
and that the priests were only incidentally associated with it. The contest is one of Hteralure^and
of language. During the many years that Greece was subject to Turkish i rule there w^
duced into the language many foreign words and idioms. Most of the innovations were of Slavonic
origin, and as a consequence the common language of the Greeks is now jargelyjintermixed with
Slav. Ever since the establishment of the independence of Greece *• it has been' the aim of the
cultured Greeks to restore the purity of their tongue. To achieve that end they have relied upon
'the universities and the church. In those centers of learning and of education pure Greek has
been taught, and it has been- the hope of the patriots that the peasants-^ami lower classes would
also eventually acquire the pure language; ',> -^ ■ '^■■^h^^ \X:Vy)^h>^':-y - : '^ - -
/ : It will be seen that; the proposalto'ttanslate the Testament into the vernacular; semi-bar
baric Greek would interfere with ; the plans; of the higher classes, who wish to preserve "the Testa
ment as an instrtiction .book in classic; Greelc.,y Hence the; outcry' that the translation would tenfi
to subordiiiate Greece^tothe Slavs. Iii their eyes the proposed' translation appears very much as
it would appear to ■ (is if the United "States Government should; propose to translate -the Testa
ment into some sort of dialect story. The student* riots then vvere parts of a struggle for the
preservation
gether beyond the reach of intelligent^ sympathy.; - II ■ ' : '~^'y;'y : - : yi/:-:'^>.- : ' : --.:.^: v ' :
;' , SetluW
tions must make their applications in writing:, which sounds very much as if TUr f nwu^riri
sirous of having a rest between now and Christmas. ■ ,' . . :
INDIAN EDUCATION.
GRANDAMES WILL POINT
IN YEARS TO COME TO
ARTISTS IN THE "DON"
IT I* opera, nothing but opera ana
again opera here this week and until
Thursday night next the programme
will continue to remain .the same. The
particular triumph of the week^ at
present writing Is the "Don Pa«quale" of
last Wednesday night, with Individual
successes of exultant kind for Sembrlch
and hardly less for Scotti and.Tavecchla.
The performance of "Don Pasquale" Is
one to which grandames will point back
in years to come to wondering children
an when they heard Sembrlch and Scotti
sing this duct or that aria, or Tavecchia
revel in tho fat fun and quaint pathos of
the bedeviled old bachelor's part. It is
already classic, and with "Le Nozze dl
Figaro" "ranks as the chief gift ef the
season. If one did not always feel the
last the best with Mme. Sembrich one
would be persuaded to imagine her Norlna
her most luscious effort. But those other
coquettish damsels. Roslna and Susanna,
alfo clamor for precedence and who can
choose among them? The Marguerite
stands by Itself, and though beautifully
sung is not in tune with tho singer's key
note somehow.. Melba's Marguerite,
strangely enough. Is markedly Its super
ior, both In vocal accord and emotional
essence. *
■ But to return to the "Don." All singers
love to sing its uprightly measures. It
Is among the most becoming of vocal
music, and not least among the charms
of the Wednesday night performance was
the evident enjoyment of the artists in
their roles. I can conceive ' no • better
Dottore Malatesta than that of Mr. Scotti.
whose distinguished vocal and histrionic
gifts were never more In evidence. Ho
has a superb technique, using his big
voice with an amazing freedom and light
ness. Tavecchia- has an even rarer gift,
he Is* the best singer and. actor of buffo
rolea that has been heard here for many
years and his Don Pasquale could not be
bettered on any side. It was a perform
ance all round that would have 'amazed
and delighted Donizetti, though the man
who knows tells me that .the opera loses
appieclably by being given in so large a
house. It was not particularly noticeable
the other night though.
"The Girl From Maxim's." a French
farce with a reputation, comes to the
Columbia to-morrow night. "With it
comes Miss Lena Mervllle. " v .
With the 1 patsing of Colonel James
Henry Mapleson. who died In London on
November II of Brijthfa disease, one of
the most genial and impressive figures
among operatic managers has gone from'
view. TheDramatlc Mirror of the 23d ult.
has the following sketch of his life that
will be of Interest to all opera-goers',
morn especially to the older generation:
Colonel Mapleson was born in' London
on May 4, 1830. In his boyhood he became
a student at the Royal Academy of
Music In London, where he learned sing
ing and violin playing. While still in his
teens he made several appearances as a
vocalist and in , IMS be . became . a • mem
ber, of the orchestra at Her Majesty's
Theater. Between seasons, In 1849, ' he
ventured upon his flrat managerial enter
prise; by taking a concert, company on
a tour of the provinces. In the following
year he made another concert tour.* Upon
returning to London he became the musi
cal critic of a publication, called The At
*hu. * . - .". ' '■-■ . • ' ; " •
In 1851- he gave up his managerial and
critical work and went to Italy to con
tinue his studies In. vocal music. He re
mained there, ft. pupil of Maszucato, for
ti.ree years, and in 1S54 returned to Lon
don and reappeared as a concert ainjer.
Alter a very few appearances h« began
to suffer from a malady of the throat. *.
surgical operation was deemed necessary
and was performed. The, result of it wa*
tho. complete destruction of Mr. Maple
son's slntin* voice. Being obliged to give
up his dream of gaining artistic honors,
Mr. t Mapleson w turned again to manage
ment. In 1S36 he established the ttrst mu
sical agency In London, and In 1S68 lie
By Guisard.
LEADING . LADY IN 'VrHE GIRL.
FROM .MAXIM'S," WHfCH COMES
. TO THE COLUMBIA TO-NIGHT.
became an assistant to E. T. Smith, man
ager of the opera at the Hay market The
ater. Whej> Mr. Smith retired. In 1861,
Mr. Mapleson took over the management
of . the Lyceum Theater and for a year
produced Italian opera there, . ■",- ■
FromKC to 1S68 Mr. Mapleson managed
Her Majesty's Theater, where he pro
duced many Italian operas. When Her
Majesty's was destroyed by flre In lS«a »
Mr. Mapleson .took, the' Theater BoyaQ
which he managed almost uninterruptedly
until 1S77.? In. that; year he- opened Her
Majesty's, which had been, rebuilt, and
; enjoyed there • a season- .of ' brilliant
operatic success. During the. fifteen years
of Mr. Mapleson's continuous manage
ment In London he had among the mem
bers of his several companies Tletjen*,
Albani. Glnglinil Delle Sedle. Trebelli.
the Marchisio sisters. Bochartlt. Bettlni.
Santley. Gerster. Minnie Hauk. D«t
Puente. Vallerla. Frapoli. Dl Murslta.
Mario, GrisI, Chrlstme Nilsson. Cam
pnninl and Galassi.
In the autumn of 1S77 Mr. Mapleson—
who bad now become "Colonel" Mapl-
son—crossed the Atlantic for the" flrat
time, bringinc to New York an opera com
pany such, aa had never been seen, herd
before. At the Academy of Music. In De
cember, WT7. he opened his first American
season. Colonel Mapleson brought tho
organization to the Academy In the sea
sons of 1S7S. 1SS0. ISM. 1S84. 1885 and 1SSS.
Besides the slnpers already mentioned, he
: had under his direction during his Ameri
can seasons Adellna Pattl. Emma Juch.
ZeHe de Lussan. Marie Van Zandt. Kel
logg. Ravelll. Scalchl. Nordlca. Emma
Nevada. Cary and Marie EngJe.
The opening of the Metropolitan Ooera
house in 1SS3 proved a severe blow to Col
onel Mapleson's enterprises in New York.
He battled courageously against the op
position that It presented, but In the end
was conquered. ■ He returned to London
in 1SSS and took a part of his comoanv
on a concert tour of England. In 1S9S he
organized the New ImDerial Opera Com
pany, which *pB«ared in England and In
America. But the day of Italian opera.
of whicn Colonel Mapleson was a life-"*
lontr disciple, passed by. and In recent
year* the great impresario found no fleM
for the utilization of his distinguished
abilities. •■•."•< . • - . .. . , .:."
Colonel Mapleson is survive* by his twn
•ons. Henry »«nd Arthur, of whom the lat
ter Is a resident of New Tork. Lionel
Mapleson,- -who 15 associated with tha
Maurice Grsu O»>era Company. Is a
nephew of *h«» >\**<\ imnresario.
Walnut and Pecan Panoche. Townaenfl. •
Choice candles. Townsend's. Palaca Hot«l #
CaL Glace Fruit 80c per lb at Townaend's.*
Special Information supplied dally to
business bouses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1043. •
It Isn't what a man says that counts: !t
Is his ability to make others believe him.
Gullet's Christmas extra mince pies, lc*
cream and cake. 903 Larkln st ; phone East 13S. •
■ » ■ ■
Good-natured citizens should not build
houses on cross- streets. _)
ADVEBTISEMENTS, f '
What CALVE 1
Says of
WEBERPIANOS
"Amonf all the Instruments ■ of j the. I
renowned makers, here and abroad, II
to-day prefer tho Weber, because of j
Its sympathetic tons quality." ' . •• .
,.. .v; .":■■ : :,, EMMA CALVEX .
Weber pianos used exclusively* by j
the Orau Opera Company. " |
The . Increased for Weber r
pianos' has compelled us to add . an-':
other wareroom- t» our large floor,
space for Weber pianos exclusively.:
Three carloads Just arrived. ' Inspec-'
tlon invited.
CLARK WISE & CO. J
Oof. Qitry St. tnd Graai An. \'?1
COLE AGENTS.^/ J" ■ ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
LESS THAN HALF PRICE.
WITHOUT parallel in the history of educational enterprise stands the off er of
THE AMERICAN NEWSPAPER ASSOCIATION to the thousands of friends
and readers of "The Call." Such an offer should, and doubtless will, have your care-
ful consideration. The merits of this liberal and mammoth literary enterprise can only
be judged by careful investigation. Every reader of "The Call," therefore, is earnestly
solicited to give the attention to this offer that its importance and liberality deserve.
It means that the best and heretofore most expensive Encyclopaedia is now within
easy reach of even the boys and girls. Parents, encourage your children iiv habits of
economy for the noblest of all purposes, economy for the sake of education. •
Just think of it— a saving of 10 CENTS A DAY will secure to you the jpnr—ti
great ENXYCLOPAEDIA B2ITANNICA, which covers every department of ,;fOJF^j™
knowledge known to mankind. No man needs any other library, Jaj SJaglj
Not only are Scientific and Historical subjects brought -^ffS^SJ^ WlWyW
up to date in this new edition, but a vast fund of new jjfS^!!^5 j j wfinr
information is added relating to the material, social, t^BBSSi5wrWBr
industrial and educational progress of the world, jj^^^^F^T^y $ " W Si
together with many thousand New Biographies S \\f I
ill*5 w.rt-u.i. »» 01 K. al . . / fmsw3mmmtpmmm^mmmmmmmmmmtur^\j /j \ Jfj yw w- *—. . _, . , __
k^ Than H^If Prirp wz. i\^%f VoK Sot of
3D liiaii nail 1I1VW9 j J&c&gsz0ifflF jpfy % ? *ViAf The New
I ■ 11 Li !\ I 1 s/V WilrfMd 9 Wr^ ™ 'lsw ■ ■'■"'-■ '■■"■ '■"-■' : ■ ■ •' ■"."■■' ■ - *"■ :
-*V Bpff*^i?iw'£^t '^^Bt^i ' " tpv 3vM^srjr/j& work. -...-■ . -. .■ ' .. -
J^V-SSB W«crfr« aESfiSvSE Jr B /Hr DOn tO-d£V lsl /«»-P««» «ncTarp,i p i»te«. contain-
tpgrgsjw aassifc HiRJjaw^mi Jf\\ Jm w Kb r ' _« tn * over «p»r«te ii!u<itr«.tton».
B'.TAT!jm1 |Wig^>>[i^gmfcMMS^yjy|g jff lip for partlCU- iuap« and plans. Including- 237 col-
gj>^Lafc>>£i B^KJEjllaBrjraJ /fm / I^CnPIATinil ' *• Introduction of n<-w topics flther aH»-
«n5T^Si*T KSklZTI&SKnKyHMr^ / AdOUUlAHUN, 1sx from the differentiation of new depart
S^Sf^^SC^jsS^SjSS^^t^mW I ADAMo BULLDINu t * <* ' or . m dUcover >' « n( l Inven-
m^ m^^ m^—^^^^- / xuo i\carny ol. f j. Biorraphlcat •nlarrement to Include
What Is Said of It * * ean Froncl8co » CaI - ws^^s-ffi-"^ fflrfSiW?*
»" ***** *** *>*•**•• V* *»•.. , 4. A particular aarver of American tn-
»A m41I Wa4v mmr mm *t% k«v tnnrt Please send roe free of charge tere«t» in their varioua phaa«a.
«I will defy any one to bay 30 DO 8ample pagM and , fon -particulars j 5 - A pr M «ution of twhnic-r mbiKii
volumes that will gi%e bin M good • of your Encyclopedia Offer. • «£•
working library as i* furnished io the V amw " Morphoiocr. •«.
dcyclopxdu nmnmk .io^r- NAME • nu'm& plou ' » l - t « t «^. «v.r .-.«« , n
LcPrestdeot Dw'tgbt, Yale University. STREET ;-_-_____(
— TOWN The Guide to Systematic Reading*
«tt all otter books were destroyed. couxtt , r^™5' I m".e2rtJS? I wiih l> 2. ' 4 tr«['t
tie Bible excepted,tbe wor!« would £TATE
Iom bat Httle of lt» informatbn."- S'kSow'JiSS v^fr k?", 1 t0 know or ou « hl
"B." Call Bureau. h J* ln '" or i >rof ' Mlt "'-
S^seoa. O SS«^5iSSk^S? rea4tn *
Will Test Trenching Ordinance.
The water and light corporations have
Informed the Board of Public Works that,
acting on the advice of their attorneys.
they will not bring cult to test the valid
ity of the ordinance imposing inspection
lees for trenching work. When the
ordinance was flrst passed the corpora
tions claimed that It was unconstitutional,
but agreed to pay the salary of one in
rpector or as many Inspectors as might
lit necessary to supervise the trenching
work. This plan fell through and the
corporations have been charged with the
JOE BOSENBEBO^S. JOE BOSENBEBG'3. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. | * JOE ROSENBERG'S. ? ( { JOE ROSENBERG'S. \ JOE BOSEITBEBCrS. | , JOB BOSENBEBCPB.
K POINTERS FOR ECONOMIGAL WOnEN...
kj=^^ In Car Muslin Underwear Department "Practice Makes Perfect." We Have Another Sample Line In Our Waist Department. Now Is the Time to Buy Ribbon In Our Corset Department;
W S~~~ — - ■—» Ca«a»/. > e hare eome special surprises So it is in our Knitted Underwear Here for rou— a line of Golf Skirts . We have every Imaginable^tyle; and .^ti^^^^ir- For neck near and holiday We hare a full line of the new La Grecau*
P-^ba, The best Clove SL^U^W^t: JBz ™?£&lh£ZFE 5 &?3?&X2« t 8JS,K v^, S^ Hv.»«/'JS ' i|¥| Sy3SS^5 f S f feftfi^i >r=
K^=? anyS2 - 00 ""• mm S pv» "»"" -■»"» YwM sp &ii * vm OT^w^ftr»ssais.- wl ■• ssas ™» ** •*» w ivt s\ssr£&ssi
Ir^^ gloves for SE^^W'^w-j'? 88 \W iti'i™*.^ K #11 A™ "'"' "" them " ' Wi Get Caught in a Shower ; sATm^rl^rfS'SiBBbN^ShSt flpb. T ,J5' *iffl*'"fl
\r* American •• / w HS« il wZlTuS?*** ,«. «S KSSsrKK m ksstj?!. %j%zz
g^g, women. m^^X^BBB Uif[\ S'?i«£S gJ^H^I
Hir»-^S=^-' Our DD'C^ facturr> r -« prlr-f T.-^o /j^*— ' I-ADIK8' COMBINA- f .. t ntHr ,, Xv ire cut f i cloth, steel rod. steel frame, natural - ; 8ECOND-300 boxes FANCY CORDKD solid bla^kKfves a better' fl«ire th-in
Uf^ - 8ale o" O-Farrell-st. Entrance; tf^^f TIO N SUITS. 85 per cent SSl|. ( iy l l 2f-- l) SVivA oSwSn C* "°° a handles. trlmme.V with best horn : RIBBON. SH Inches wide, made of best anv corset nSde Our Drlce §2 OO
WO* wool, op^n front, or Onclta .mylo, fiPPcn J.™ - B BRtlsfac " on i 1 f a I I!]: ' : owl QerniRn. metal. Unexcelled valuta all-silk. 4n the newest shades; washable: any corset maae.uurpnce^-.OU. ,
0^^^ Q*i A A R Hoalth.nSvintr Roacnnahlfl llnPf l' F ra y Rnd whlt^ nprk crocheted P^P"^ •••.•••; .'AnnrVnnV rm £?vri for tllfe money.. ....................r...75c suitable for fancy work or neckwear; A Wonder to tho Corset World.
gST-rf^S^ \Mlll CCnblUIB, neaiin-UlYing, neaSOnaOlB with t(lk and drawn throum. with «llk ■ aw^^P^y^X^JlSl^iSF «.■,...».» ■; regular 20c ribbon, now l«Kc. How we can afford to sell corsets at
S^^^ tDl.Ufl LADIES' UNDERSKIRTS ma^ of ribbon. Winter roocI* at fummej SKIUTO. #4.»O. »nd many Other kinds. * Cg • fl # IJtmQSt htflrBSt - « ... this pHce. Well. If we choose to sell
\BDr Y"W very be«t quality Grrmsn yarn, hand- Prices 81.2.1 o.-MkUi, ir AU> anil C'.tnnin* UUIIUOl IIIIOICOI Q--- M flr g | goods with little or no profit that is
*; -. ■■r^ : r--J, :;>fi crochetefi: every combination of colors: We also have VK3TS made of very oOmBinlnC K6W 3nQ ' OiUnnlng To all economical women and mothers in . VIUjQ IMUIC . our lookout. All you should do Is to
Sfe^ 5 : tS r^SS^r By Order of thB Court ' : 4^^^?fflgJ : :SaagaSS£ ; P»j>y oorwarwibk Gloves : ;
P^ Dry • Ju«t received f very rtne 0) UrOBF 01 inB UOUR, ?£{S%^ Are saddle-seam sewn. Do you know why
Uk^V .VT-^ Proem /SSLi"V Soffi m heH« and SJ? fini The tnUre sample stock of J. H. Hanon. nM\i n h\G for evening or^street - n . . „ , ... . • P^^VW^SJ DOYLIES. RUN'l sa</c//«.s»am J«irn C/o r« . wjs/- so we// ?
P*>^i ' ' >^ I i , vSam ?%£&*& S^u^Tn-the consisting of some of the finest Purses, ,-^ wcar - Prjcpd to 8 u«t aii...... . .«a.5o Dainty. Serviceable, Inexpensive. riS^^flj £^?r an^ h t a^4" Because thp y are sewe<l wlth threart
Lj^L^y^ 5cPai^ -RO 2J2Vr u n?vr*S«?iinrlsi! f^m Jour^nce^s BBautifiers ! Beautifiers! eM^ d^Waa u %a^;si :^ll^ ISiJ^^s^u^^iiJSTiss
>;• IOC? Mnrlf»r1 for nnlH aolHntr J^l SH a°UH BaCnnCe, tnUH _ ' ■•. _,..-._._..- ; . . 61dt>rdOWn, Bailor COllar, nttea baCK, IUll •v/^IU>i\)w?lJ^^^^B fOlinoatlOnS, Or Of nnnnrU
M$ff[ <*4Tr* f Ii—*W7, MarKea ror rapm "* nin gV'- ■HHHHH makln « P° BMble thlH No woman, however BEAUTIFUL front nnlshed with crocheted edge. gray. K^trvTO-ixrl best linen braid, all For style nt finish and durability they
&*Bk \^**>\^^ i' 7W-: ;••••• •*•"•• „" J| ■ rare opportunity to she may be or how WELL DRESSED. blue, pink and red. Indisputable price £jLfc4£4^Jhy fancy stitches. have no eaual
i^^^W^rr sT*^ •• ' ■ : : : :-V^ . : ■'.■ALA Now '«*he Time to Buy MUHHU^^H buy PURSES at prices her appearance In spoiled by, her hair .concession* ......%.... 5Oe WBHm^BsWsW .\Ve have tambour Th»v «re made of verv b«t Russia
IP'*-*^-—^— -— , Winter Hoslo-y. t ar below the usual nyln* fn all directions. >.' Here to. a rea- ■, ALBO'- EIDERDOWN LOUNGING >" . shams made In new- vm saddle bS sewn onl claso stitch-
Ik "We have a very fine line of WINTER wno.e»ale price. The line consists of al- .onatle w^out f^|«fflculjrr^ ROBES. mTide of be.t Quality ripple «t Swiss designs, hemstitched and well S bSkftt^Slfeot 'A?t S.
■^-^>;^\ WEIGHT HOSIERY. llrator, seal, levant and cow,.all bud- -LADip^v^ brown and red. You have paid $1.60 for
■Mf r^^Z*^? \^<^^^y It 15 made of vrry best Peruvian rot- stantlally sewn, not glued, with riveted Parisian effects, dotted or plain chiffons, silk frog-trimmed front, well made ami can; 25o... • ' . '• not their eaual Our way of selllnjt
gE^B3K-d^^T '<* ton. high spliced heel and toe? full 'steel frame, *om« Bterllng trimmed; / hand-enjbroldered fancy mesh complex- neatly nnlshed: colors, rose, "cadet and, -.:. Also SQUARES or center pieces 30x30. «J OO
t&S&S&^SZ^S^Kk V=— c LT ■ l'-nKth. soft and pliable, velvet finmh. some Me purses; now 1 5c. . *<>" veils and p la in o r d ot ted black red. You couldn't buy material, of ..an made of best linen, hemstitched hem. <»*'" v *
Wsmzz^kms-^ T ? I^cmL^s n r I 6»s! b K^?r?. Ano« he r. .„<■ M. ny other.. zs\^ SSUVtSfSi'iffir i o « o e! 1 ". i :./ o r... tt .!..?. r . 1 f. < :..F3.5ro K" B C** wor.- ».«» ; o Ur . !n o ur : wrapper Department.
Jewel slodded sixes 12ftc sample prices, 19c, * - * , , :' ' Mall Orders oollelted. , PHELAN BUILDING.: . r dies. 6%C. ' ' : nutterna Only 81.00. : ■'■■■■■' ■ ' .'
fees as they accumulated, and their bills
against the city for light or water were
reduced by the amount they owed for
the inspection fees. The Board of Public
Works will test the ordinance by arrest-
Ing some. officer of the corporations for
refusing to pay the fees.
■ m ■
The Landlady— "I'm sure the young man
who applied for board to-day will prove
a model boarder."
Tne Cook— What makes you think so,
ma'am?
The Landlady— He said he detested po
tatoes.—Plain Dealer.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, j enTJNDAT, DBOBMBBB 1, 1901^
Bobles Indicted for Murder.
The United States Grand Jury returned
a true bill of indictment yesterday egaliist
William RoMeg, charging him with the
murder of Otto 8chroeder on board the
American whaling bark California in the
harbor of Hakodate, Japan, on June 4,
1301. Both men were - members of the
crew, and in a quarrel. Roblee stabbed
Schroeder with a tiheathknlfe.
The schoolmistress should use no deadly
weapons in teaching the young idea how
to shoot.
STARR C. PARDEE
TENANTS A CELL
San Jose Officers Arrest
the Former Oakland '
f ' . - * Man. ■.',/. •
Infbrmatibnj Charges Pasping
Bogus Checks in San
Francisco.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Nov. .30.— Starr C. . Pardee,
the former society man of Oakland, is a
prisoner In the County Jail, charged with
having . obtained goods under false pre
tenses and passed worthless checks In San
Francisco. . He was arrested here to-night
by Deputy Sheriff Bache, on instructions
from San Francisco. .> "-'■ : .,'..-> r-: -,. '.'
Pardee arrived here a few months ago
from Stockton and engaged apartments in
Hotel Vendome. He was accompanied by
a woman and boy. He had hardly got set
tled before he was arrested on a, charge
of, obtaining money under false pretenses
and. taken back to Stockton. Friends went
to his aid and he was released. A month
ago he returned to Oakland and began
passing worthless checks. Next San Fran
cisco was the scene of his operations,
which led to his arrest to-night.
Pardee v arrived here last night, he and
the woman with Wm registering at the
St. James as Mr. and Mrs. Martin C.
•Coles of New York.; He tried to pass a
check In Slavich's restaurant, but was
unsuccessful. ' %
NO DRILLS IN DECEMBER
FOR THE GUARDSMEN
Prospect of Reorganization on United
StaUi Army Lines Meets
Approval.
December being the month when the
men who compose the bulk of the Na
tion Guard of California are busy on ac
count of the holiday season, there will
not be any drills in the armories until
after the flrat meeting next January.
The recommendations of the Secretary
of War in, relation to the national guard
of the different States has been fully dis
cussed by the rank and die in this city,
and the general opinion is that if the
Ideas of the" Secretary were carried out
the guard in each, State would be In
much better condition than at present in
case It is called upon for active service.
The suggestion that the guard should be
armed as. Is the regular army is favored
because It is claimed that there is no
good reason why there should be two
kinds of arms in the service, particularly
as the guard knows not when It may be
called upon to serve with the regulars.
If there should be a change it would
undoubtedly arouse a spirit of military
enthusiasm which has been remarkably
on the wane of late, particularly in this
city. ■ ' ' ; - '■■ . : ' "■■"'■ : • ■■ ;
The division commander has' been re
quested to. permit the Fifth Infantry
Regiment to hold a regimental camp next
year. It is likely that permission will be
granted and, if it is. the camp will be
conducted on the lines of ' the regular
army. This regiment has made arrange
ments for the next year's regimental
shoot. ■ • • .*
There is a coldness between the bat
teries of the artillery battalion, all on ac
count of social relations. The batteries
are C and O of the old First, known as
the Nationals, and F and K of, the same
regiment, but 'are now known by their
artillery letters. i-The four occupy 'i the
Hllts-strett armory, and some time since it
was suggested that all four should form a
grand social organization and everything
was arranged, when It was discovered
that two men belonging to Captain
Cunningham's command were unsatisfac
tory to those who compose the Nationals,
and a request was made that they be dis
charged from the service. The reason as
signed was not deemed sufficient and the
request was denied. That broke off all
social prospects between the Nationals
and the other two batteries.
Arrangements are being perfected for
active work on board the Marlon by
the naval mtlttla after the flrst week In
January. ' ->
There will be a grand promenade con
cert and naval militia ball. in Odd Fel
lows'' Hall on the evening of the 5th
Inst. under the auspices of the engineer
division and band of the Naval Mtltla of
California. The committee In charge ex
pects that this function will be one of
the most brlllian affairs ever given under
any branch of the organization.
The Artist— What do you think of it?
The Observer— Oh, I dunno. If you don't
tell anybody where ye painted It I rucm
It won t do the farm any hurt.—Indian
apolls News. v ?
TIVOLI SINGERS
WED SECRETLY
A. G. Cunningham and
Miss Cleas Join
;[' *i :■;■ ;■ Fortunes. .-."' -'• i: '-.."
Jovial Barytone's Attempt
to Deceive His Friends
Proves Futile.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 30.— When Arthur
G. Cunningho'm, : v'th*e barytone of ; the
Tivoli Opera Company, now playing here,
was asked this afternoon if he had been
married, he promptly denied the soft im
peachment. ' :/"-': : ■ -■^■ y '.'-: : \"-%:--^ "' / ',. '
■■■■:'-. "No, I haven't been married," he said,
and then in a sudden burst of confidence
he. added, "but I will admit to you that
I Intend to be soon. It was my wish to
have : the ceremony performed In this city
during our engagement here, but- owing
to personal business reasons we have put
the event off for a week or two." AvVY
Just then Edward Webb, the tenor,: of
the company, mildly Interposed the re
mark that he had been told that a wed
ding had taken place, but the barytone
again Insisted it was not true. •■ : V- x
However, it was true, and the event
occurred on the evening prior to Thanks
giving day. Mr. Cunningham on that day
visited the County Clerk's office and pro
cured a license to wed Miss Lillian L>.
Cleas, a singer, who was a member of
the company at the Tlvoll in San "Fran
cisco." The proper authorization obtained,
the services of Township Justice of the
Peace Jay R. Brown were engaged and
the happy pair were made one in the
most Impressive manner known to the
magistrate. Attaches of the court were
the witnesses. The bride left for San
Francisco yesterday and the groom will
follow to-morrow. ; •;, - : \
FALLS FOUB STOBIES ;
AND IS CRUSHED TO DEATH
Walter Malloy Steps Into an Ele
vator Shaft and Is
Walter Malloy, a stereotyper, fell down
an elevator shaft in the Evening Post
building last night and was instantly
killed. ■ : - = ■:- ■ -r :'■ •.;■■■..■ '- -■■'■ "■ ■ ■■"-■■'■■■ r
The unfortunate man was carrying a
matrix' in his arms when he stepped into
the shaft, believing the elevator was at
that floor, but It had been left on the
first floor. He fell a distance of four
storied, his neck being broken by the
fall.' .i'\;-'v '■ :•; { 'r-.- -YY ;v^ ; ■ v& '■■■'
Malloy was a member of the Ancient
Order of United Workmen and was a del
egate to the late labor convention from
the Stereotypers" Union. During the ad
ministration of Sheriff Whelan Malloy
was commissary at the County Jail. He
leaves a wife and one son. : : ;-• >>f •' "':■■
Trinity Church Bazaar.
A four days' bazaar was opened last
night at Mission Opera Hall, 2131 Mission
street, under the auspices of the Ladies'
Aid Society, for -the purpose of raising
funds for Trinity English Evangelical
Lutheran Church. The hall was hand
somely decorated for the occasion and,
with the numerous booths which were
erected on either side, presented a charm
ing scene. The programme last night
was attractive and well rendered. :
The ladles who presided over the booths
were: ■ Y : ; - : r .■ .-■\ ; .-"^ ;: ■'.'/ ' r.t'.^jr-.'-,
liootha: Ladles' Aid No." 1-Mr«. P. Paulsen.
Mm. Hrunn. Ladlea' Aid No. I— Mr«. J.. En
veil. Mra. M. Mlkkelsen. Ladles' Aid No. 3—
Mra. M. 6. Smith. Mrs. A. B. Gudmundsen.
YoutiK Ladles' Aid No. 1— Mlns Marie Sonderup,
Miss Annie Bensen. Mrs. N. Lucky. Young La
dlea' Aid No. 2— Ml*s Alfrlda Petterson. Miss
Emily Olsen. Mlsa Ida Gibson. Japanese tea-
Miss Olica Olsen. Mies Helen Hansen, Miss In
icotorK Nllsen. -Icecream— M Ism Dora Knudsen,
Mlsa Lulu Lucky, Mlas Sophie Haniten, Miss
Lulu Krull. Miss Selma Olsen. Mlas Clara Ol
sen. Ml»s U^kke Itensen. Lemonmde. candy,
etc.— Mlas ASTnea Andersen, Mlas Ida Broneer,
Miss Henrlkka Hansen. Miss Sophie Fatwr. Re
freshments—Mrs. J. Qlsfcn. Mrs. A. Sonderup,
Mrs. II. Schroeder, Mils Alma Relmers, • Mlsa
Blanche Relmers. Ushera— Oscar Olsen, J. J.
Oliien Jr.. John Olaen, J. Tetlefsen. A. Relmers.
Hatroom— A. W. Hocrebe. O. Thompson, ■ John
Smith. K. Sonderup. Door-^C. Claussen. A.
I'cttersen, H. Schroeder, T. Tonnescn. ,: ' . -
Those having charge of the arrange
ments were:. •--■ '.;■: ■■ ":. ■.;•"., ; ;\ : -: '■..;■•• ?■■■:.
Mra. K. M. Strntrud. Mrs. A. Sonderup. Mrs.
H. Schrcrder. klli>a Sophie Hinsfn, Ml<s Lulu
Lucky. II. Olsen. . A. tionderup. Mrs. L. Lar
■en, Mm. J. Carpenter. Rev. K. M. Btcnarud,
Mis. j:. M. Htrnsnul, Mrs. -P. Paulnen. ■ .-'
"Is Mickey in condition?"
"He's as fin<> as itilk. , Ah. Mickey's a
great boy. He's : got something up !j'.s
xlccvc that'll astonish all thinv other duf
fers." ' ■••- ■ - '■ :i ■:•■ : .— ,;
"What Is It, Mister Doolnu?" v
"It's his ar-r-rm."— Cleveland Plain
Dealer.' ,■ \H- ■■■ ■;,.■;:-:-■.■;;.■ v ; \^:>-
More Bargains
ill WMSI^BI9s^SX$m
Black and Colored
Dress Goods.
/I Another opportunity : for, shrewd buyers — another
chance to get a dress at half the usual cost — -these dress-
goods sales of ours during the>past two months have been
the sensation of San Francisco-— next l %yeek's offers greater
than ever. iSee : , window for- styles— every; fabric new and
up to date. . /* ■• j '. \ i " v ' . .
Camel's Hair'Cheviots— ,; ; i ■ <■■■;■/■ '•.:;■•;'.. •■ .'.. ■■' : -'<\.' : :-': : ' : - ''■' .■
A fine, heavy.. weJRht material— for rairiy-day skirts, Eton suits, raglans,
etc.— -comes in light and dark Oxford gray— blue gray, Shetland gray
etc— 56 inches, and a good, i material for hard
wear— never iold for less than $1.00 a yard-^-on sale, beginning to-mor-
row at 8 a.^m...... .;..................... ..'...'..... *;.;...'...40o Yard
' For, sale at Market-street store^ «h/^ v >: ;
B ack Army Scp^Ct- > , {
Every thread wool and guaranteed a fast black— an extrai fine quality
'and fulj of wear— a splendid material for separate skirts, shopping
dresses, s etc— has been sellinz regularly for 85c a yard — special sale
beginning to morrow at 8 a. m ...................COc Yard
For safe at Market- street store only. '
English Granite Ctoth— • • /
' An extra fine fabric for children's dresses, separate skirts, shopping
dresses, etc. — full 37 inches wide — in shades of- castor, drab. seal, navy,
reseda, new-blue, golf red. etc., 'also a fast" black— it is the regular 50c
grade— special price, beginning to-morrow at 8a. m........ . 20c Yard
- For sale at Market-street store only. :; ■
Black Melton Cloth— v / 4#^i5 : : -'^fe : ;;-rWi^
The correct material for a tailor-made suit, stitched skirt, cape or raglan
—5.2 inches wide and all pure wool— rguaranteed ;• perfectly fast black
1 with a lustrous panne finished surface— has been selling everywhere for
$1.50 a yard— special all week, beginning to-morrow.. '.'.....,. 95c Yard
'\i . for sale at Market-street, store only. >< v ; 5- -^
*'■'"■!■ ■ : (-..'■'■' '■-'.■'■'':■■''■ ':'"■,- ' T~ — '. : ■ : C- : ' ''y : '\ '"^ '^ ":■'.'■
. : Special.
A full line.of^new chalk. line suitings, the latest material for winter
suits :...... :..'...........5Oc,:.75c ahd^l.OO a Yard
V , For safe at Market-street store on/y. V ■
Domestics and flonse Furnishings.
Tapestry Covsrs- - . ' - ; :--:"v:- :; ' ; -: ; v'U'
In dark and medium shades— a good wearing cloth and large enough
for a dining-room table — 54x54 inches^ — have always sold for $2.50 each
— special, commencing to-morrow at 8 a. m .% ; .fl.SO Each
}h'r.-'f ■, ■;,; - ■ : - : -\:; :'..'■■ ':*J;:. ■%■ For sale at both stores: - A ~-'^; '^X-V :^''~ :
Crib Comforters— ■
With silkoline covers— well tufted and filled with pure white cotton
batting — for children's cribs — a good bargain at 75c— a special for all
week, beginning to-morrow at 8 -a. m.- 5Oc Each
.'.:' : -yv.v. : \ ■:':: \" -\ '■-■'-. . For sale at both stores. --■ ' ■■ ../■.■■■.".,/■-■
White Blankets- . ; '
An extra fine heavy white cotton blanket— one of those big. soft,
fleecy kinds^for three-quarter or double beids — now is the time that
you need fh'em— rejfular price $1.65 — special for next week $1.15 Pair
v >v ■ ; /or safe at Market-street store only. - o
Kission Police Station Moved.
The Mission police station, which was
located on Howard and Seventeenth
streets for the past twenty-three years, is
a thing of the. past. Lieutenant Ander
son and hts family of bluecoats packed
their official belongings yesterday and
shifted Quarters to the new building at
Folsom and Seventeenth streets. . The new
station is poorly adapted for Its purpose.
There Is no accommodation for the
horses or patrol wagon. This auxiliary to
the modern equipment of a pQllce station
Is two blocks away from the station, with
no better facilities for responding to calls
than what the telephone service affords.
The cells are patched up from material
taken from the City Hall Prison and
screwed to the floor, in a temporary sort
of way. The rooms set apart for the use
of the sergeants are so crowded that there
Is not room for a man to pass behind his
neighbor without disturbing him at his
desk, while the place set apart for the
prison-keeper is commodious enough to
afford sufficient room for the County
Clerk to transact his official business.
Investment Company Formed.
The articles of incorporation of tha
White Investment "Company, a corpora
tion organized, for the purpose of dealing
In property of.' all^finds. to borrow and
loan money, andyto deal In all kinds oC
oil stock and lands.- were tiled yesterday.
The directors,' George. A., Walter S., Ed
win H. and Hepry C Newhall and Edgar
M. Wilson, certify that the capital stock
of the corporation Is J1.000.000. divided Into
10,000 shares of the value of COO each, and
that 12500 has-been subscribed. :
Articles of incorporation of the Ameri
can Duchess Oil 'Company were also filed
yesterday. The directors of the new com
pany, which has a capital stock of $2,000.
000. are: James E. Kerr. Henry E. Davii.
C. F. O'Brien. Milton M. Davis, Frei
Rothraan, Thomas C. Triedel, 1L P. Mul
len, M. A. O'Brien and B. H. Stroiber.
First College Professor— What axe you
going to do next to get your name in the
papers? ■ ■ - "
Second College Professor— I was think
ing of declaring that the dictionary is too
wordy to be considered good literature.—
Baltimore American.
2728
-^^^^w^ HTHE FIRST DAY OF DECEMBER. Time to j
llj I I \ ;^ / %0M0fl I begin thinking in real earnest now of the \|! v
/ /^^^^^^k too, to get the best results from the presents you- giye- T to bring forth-^exclama- \ J
I V U^^^ir Have you always pursued the plan of giving some "frivolity," some little m
lr\r^ 1- w hich might last for a day, a week, or possibly a month or two—and then .' ' ■
tl |^ - P ass ou^ of the memory of the recipient? Not' very satisfactory to contem- lmr^'12-\''-
||\|^S Why not make'a change in your^^^ will W$ w§&
l^l^x^ ' ' last for years, instead of days. Useful things, things of intrinsic value; that will W^^^m
§ \ \ v^88$^C\ e a ' most lifetime reminders of the kindness of the giver. \Ve mean articles ■"■-. 1 _ike. :^ :■ ;f--; : >"- : ;;■';;^ii^^^v^^-^^^Mift
\-/f »K^ Our handsome new building on Market street just opposite Gojden Gate /^^J^^^wiW llv^-
ra^^^^^^v av enue takes on its holiday garb beginning to-morrow. Six floors of gift hints in ' /^aalWmW m^^^-
M --^^^^^ furniture. One floor devoted to nothing but floor epv^rings, including !^^^^^™/to^^L^^
; collection of real Oriental rugs. Welcome to look without a thbiight of buyipg--.?:^^
«saai plr*on holes, etc.: measures 25 y«t quite strong and win adorn any . HSiS 1 . 4 ' A° ton or mirror fmme "ffl three cabinets fo? accSsorles Re- P la of'such site as to enable one to oh-^ ; " board in back Is one solid plece.l ;,?£?.?* 5™ } T ? n }- Interto f flnished
' • ' ,•■■•*■-•■■••■ ••■■. Same drfss-ing table in maple, $37.M. ;\ hl^h.. ■>■ .,' ...- . ■:. ■ : , ■ ■ ■■■■'■-■ •> ■ v _jL — « — ,^ —^I!—i^i__«^— -!«»-«»— .^—^»^« • ""' 8n ' • ' J_ _ _„ __„ ___ mm mmm^_ ___ _ mmmm _ __^^^ _ —>
y^3 caHR, with Colonial lattice Price $4.60. Golden oak cen- ■• ••i^^^^^** •"•*»i^>* ■ '•■Ji'" ' ' : • ! * ; |y
front doorb and four adjusta* * ter table, 20 Inchas high/ The . \ . *•*•» ;V ••^—^jjj^ ; •■ : > s ; .. • '* -■ ,*^ rt *
hie Rhelveft. Width, 38 Inches; round top Is 20 Inches In • * - " ■■ " - ■ ' : ' ' '" •' '•'" t-:;: '•'- ' ' ' ' •■-■■■ .- ■ ■ ■ . , i V->qoo' q '
Prlc«J27 58 Birf.«7e n^pie eMffonier h S&me caM^n'^ahorany or ' diameter and finished with a I " ' ' ■ •'■''■ ■-■ ' ; vhc, ua.80. Oold.n oak, tolUt. tabl^' I ['. Pric« Wi. * Golden oak •qulp^d "with «trons hSoks.^um"^^ " Price -130.00. Golden
1 - ■ I J *l ■_ ••^^m^^^mm^^mmmmmmmm^^m^^^^ .*■■■— ——^—^-■^•■^^.™« -—^» M « M «J - ' ■■■■»- '•*•'■-... ' ' * '| "* •• : - ■ - handsome French plate
. ■ ■■=■■ '^A%]^^)^^\v^^^^^y : ' f - "v. :-.; . ■■;■■;■-: ?■.■.;.■.-■; v :'; ■^■' K '-\\-'- : t \-\^': 'I f ;..: :■::■:',,'■' ''^^^^T^_^-'- \ ' I mi " or u by u inches -
Itabli* and Is ciulp- t e fj \P Mtciiii^^Hl twl IvV •■ . . • .-.^..v ... •■: f^r^^^^^^ ' • ■ '^'^^8 ' "' ' ' ' ' "' ' : * ;> : . '.• ..•• .■•..■■:.■;.... . ' - Wtt grade parlor furnl-
KS.J'Vi .nX. LnnP v -;: ■■' (Successors to California Furhitvrc Co;) •. . . ..'- ■. L.BSsHBa r
/ ' onK sn< * ' nc hc8 k_ -^S^ W^tfif '"'*." ' "' '••"■ " " ' :X.'fii: ■-- '.' • ' ' ', ■■..*-■• I •■■.-: .'-■■•-••.- V . RPHsSsVlvH H^ *, 36 m inchc3 ln L width
THE SAN FRANCISCO ;GAI*Ii, SCNDAY^D|^^B^dl^l?qi.ADDIE SORENSEN
LOSES HER SUIT
Court Refuses to Grant
Divorce, but Awards
Her thte Children.
Mother of Clever Little Ones
Fails to Prove Her
.Charge. .:
Mr». Addle M.. Sor^nsen was denied a
divorce ftr>m Joseph Soren»en . by Judge
S*©i?» yesterday. Th« court, however,
save J^r the custody of the three Httle
Serf nsens until further onlers of the
court. ■'.•■ ■ 7 •■ -v-.; '.
Xrs. Sorensen sued for a divorce on the
grotrcd of desertion, claiming that her
boehaad went to Alaska without provid
ir.e fcr her. She testified that she sup
ported hcrfjolf during his absence through
the efforts of her children, who traveled
abcat the country as members of Fried
lander's "Brownie" Company.
testimony i was a contradic
tor, of that of his wire. He said he mad«
arrangements with his sons by a former
ir.arriage to care for Mrs. Sorensen dur
ing his absence, and that the reason that
he aid not contribute to her support was
because his trip to Alaska was a failure.
He testified also that he did not desert his
wife, as she knew he was going north,
and came to tbe wharf to bid him good
fcy..- .••.>.>• ■ ■ ■ - ■:■;-■ - ■. .::..■.
Sadie M. Clark filed a suit for divorce
yesterday against Fred W. Clark for ex
treme cruelty. The Clarks were married
In Ban Rafael In 1S9S and have one child.
Mrs. Clark alleges in her complaint that
her husband frequently struck here and
cursed her. and that in April of this year
he told fcer if 6he did not get out of the
house be would throw her out-
Mrs.' Clark further alleges that her hus
band compelled her to go and live with
his mother, at 1474 Perry street, and that
while there she was forced to help her
mother-in-law care for a number of aged,
helpless invalids Mrs. Clark brought to
the house. She also claims that though
Clark works steadily he made her go to
work In a laundry, where, she alleges, she
worked unt!l she was compelled to quit
on account of her strength giving out.
Clark, according to his wife, was not a
«rood Judse of victuals, for she alleges he
told her that what she cooked "was not
til for dogs."
Margaret A. Murphy, wife of William
T. Murphy, proprietor of a livery stable
at :<6 Third street. Is 6uing for a divorce
on the erour-d of intemperance. She filed
her complaint yesterday and in It al
leges that her husband has been driklng
to excess ever since their marriage In
Sulsrn in 1S3L They have four children,
two girls and two boys. Mrs. Murphy se
cured an order from Judge Dunne re
straining her husband from, disposing of
Ms property or business, which she claims
is community property, until the suit is
decided.
A euit for divorce was filed yesterday
ty Bel!a Gibbons against John F. Gib
boss, for failure to provide.
ECEKES OF WONDERLAHD
TO DELIGHT CHILDREN
Itsphaels Prepare Elaborate Amuse
ment Scheme for the Holiday-
Season.
"Wonderland" is the name aptly chosen
fcr tb* tvonderful display which RaphaeTs
■r::!! throw open to the public to-morrow,
and which will during theTioliday season
r^ a soirees of delight and amusement to
every child fortunate enough to visit the
pla ce.
The entire third story of Raphatl'a big
Kearr.y-street store is given over to the
dlis>:ay. At the entrance a Santa Claus
will distribute, gifts, and there will be two
more cf the rame good old gentlemen in
ether part*. After the stair*, whose cave
like ce'lins is hung with glistening stal
actites and numerous electric lights in col
r.red globes, are ascended the visitors will
encounter the "Bdbes In the Wood."
These "really and truly" children will
disport themselves in a cypreES bower and
rest themselves when weary of play on
a bitd of its fragrant boughs.
Jack the Giant Killer, with sword in
hand, will ebow how to annihilate the
bogy znan. Tbe old and new way of trav
eling will be illustrated by a saddle
hcrse, an elephant with a houdah on Its
back and an up-to-date automobile. Santa
Claus the third, ready to start down on
his toboggan, will lead the way to an alle
g-orfcal representation of the gates ajar.
while Little Red Riding Hood will smile
«rcm her corner near by upon all comers.
Around the comer Rip Van Winkle and
Schneider, his dog, will bid all a merry
we! come, while the coon boy. the yellow
kid and the old woman who lived ?n a
shoe v.ill nave all they can do to add
to ibe Interest of the display.. Every ar
rar.;r«;Tn*nt has been made for the safe
handling of the crowd that is expected to
view the epectacle. v
Breach of Contract Alleged.
The Union Wood and Timber Company
fJed a suit for 110.000 damages yesterday
against Nels Iversen, who. the company
claims, by falling to keep a contract be
made with it caused It to lose that
amount. The complaint alleges that Iver
cen after signing an agreement to sell
tanbark and posts to tbe company sold
to other people, ••■-'v'-:. ,:>,:. J..-:^ ■.-.
GBAP3&-NITTS.
WRITE RIGHT.
"Scatter Decent, Helpful Things."
Good, philosophical Ras Wlleon once
eaid to & new reporter: "Young man,
write as you feel, but try to feel right.
Be good humored toward every one and
everything. Believe that other folks are
just as good as you are. for they are.
Give 'cm your best and bear In mind that
God has. sent them, in his wisdom, all
the trouble they need, and it is for you
to scatter gladness, and decent, helpful
things as you go. Don't be particular
about how the stuff will look In print but
let 'ergo. Some one will understand.
That is better than to write so dosh blng
high, cr so tarnasbun deep, deep that no
one understands. Let 'er go." \ .
"So on the above plan," says M. W.
Porter of Topeka, Kan., "I will write
*hat I know of Grape-Nuts Breakfast
Food from personal experience. After a
long period of Indigestion and other dis-
orders, with some misgivings I took up
the use of Grape-Nuts.: Despite the hot
wcathrr I kept gaining In strength and
mentally, a thing I bad never done at
that season of the year. . • ; . ; ■■:■■■■/■■■■
"I found the. food an excellent stimulant
for tbe brain and I could do more and
better work than I had erer done, it
was a revelation to discover how clotely
the brain and digestive • organs were in
sympathy with each other. Whatever
retarded the work of one had a currc-
Kpondlng effect on the. other, and the food
that tended to put one in proper shape : '
acted accordingly on the other. I. know
that my great Improvement mentally and
physically came from dispensing* with
unwholesome food and uzinf Grape-Nuts
liberally." , .
WELL-KNOWN PHYSICIAN UNITED
TO DAUGHTER: OF GERMAN BARON
Dr. Walter Franklin Meets- H 7 s ■ Future Wife White Studying His
Profession in Vienna and a RorriaMic W
Is Kept a Very Profound Secret* by the; Parties Goncerried
DR. WALTER FRANKLIN, the
well known physician who mar
ried the daughter of a baron in
Austria^ a short time ago, arrlvnl
home w few day^ ago and re
ceived a warm welcome from his friends.
The romantic marriage was kept a secret
for many weeks, but when the news of
the wedding became public. Dr. Franklin
was the recipient of many congratula
tions. '■ : :''." ■ ■'':
For the past three years he hss been
studying medicine in Vienna. Austria. It
was there he met his future wife and
married her secretly. She was then Frau
lein Fanda Gaertner von ' Plleckl,
daughter of Baron and Baroness von
Pilecki. Mrs. Franklin was considered a
belle in Vienna and was extremely popu
lar in her native city. She is beautiful
and accomplished. . i
Dr. Franklin is well known in this city.;
His parents reside here and he ha« num
erous relatives. He was educated in .'the
public schools and went to Europe to
study medicine. When ne graduated at
Vienna he became assistant to Professor
Pollwer. the famous ear specialist. Dr.
Franklin is a member of the local Press
Club and of the Phi Sigma Tau Fra
ternity.
At present his wife is staying, at the
residence of his brother, Dr. MUtcn
Franklin of New York City. He will soon
rejoin his bride and both will depart fon
the City of Mexico, where he will take up
CALIFORNIA VISITED
BY A PECULIAR FOQ
Unusually Heavy Rainfall Through
out the State During the Month
; -; of November.
The weather yesterday throughout al
most the whole of California was cloudy
during the early part of the day and
foggy toward nightfall. In San Francisco
the for became very dense late in tbe
afternoon, and at times was so thick that
objects could not be distinguished across
Market street. It was, according to Fore
caster McAdle. an unusual kind of fog for
this section of the country.
Its cause is traceable to a strong current
of cold dry air from the east coming In
contact with the moist atmosphere of the
ceast. It is known to meteorologists as
the tuto fog. It was confined almost
wholly to the land, so that little fears are
entertained on Us account for the vessels
at tea. ■ ■-,- tfct ■■ \'-} . ■:■ . ■ _■; ..r
Yesterday's wind was from the south
east and would naturally b« expected to
brine rain, but very little fell In the State
outside of Eureka, where there was a
light shower. ■.■'■. ■■■■■ •--;. '"-:,■..."■''■"■':■*■ y. j \:-
During November 2:48 Inches of rain fell
In California. The average rainfall for the
State In November for the last fifty-three
years is 2.75 inches.' Thirteen days out of
thirty It has ralnefl, and the moisture was
very beneficial to | the agricultural dis
tricts, and more Is needed. : ;
' God's providence Is proof of his prta
ence ;■;■■••;:;■ :;;. .■ ■-.•...•:•:■■ \ --■:-.■ . .
:.-.:■■ ■''■■ ■■■;.;■■■ :"■■ - ■- : :.'." ; ."' ...'-■"•/;'■") *i- r ""'..',.
THE SANUFRA/NCISCO CALlW4>SUND^
the practice of his profession.
The ..apartments of Mrs. Richard H.
Warfleld, at the California Hotel, were
crowded yesterday with well-known soci
ety people of this city and violnlty. The
event was an afternoon ttea. The rooms
were prettily, and' tastefully decorated.
Light' "refreshments were Bcrved and
music was discoursed by an orchestra.
Mrs. Warncld. was asiilsted In receiving
by Mrs. W. If. -Mills, Mra. W. W. Mor
row, Mrs. A. Fechteler, Mrs. Dr George
Powers and Mrs. W. C. Bu»h and the
Mifines Bessie Mills. Eleanor Morrow.
Alice Wllkins, Ruth Dunham. Edith
Huntington, Loulce Redlngton, Katherlne
Powers, Mary Foster and Anna Foster.
■•'-■■ % ■-■■.. ..'■ ■ • ' . • ' :-v ■ — . ■-.- ■ ...,';■■■ . ■..■'; ,.'
Mrs. William Cluff gave a tea yesterday
in honor of her daughter, Miss : Mabel
Cluff. The hostess was asalsted In re
ceiving by Mrs. Lynda Bryan, Mrs. T. M.
Cluff. Mrs. Robert. Campbell, Mrs.
Charles Perkins, Miss Rowena Burns,
Miss Gertrude Campbell,. Miss' Georgle
Spleker, Miss Gladys Merrill, Miss Norma
Castle and Mrs. Coleman. ••
A tea was given yesterday afternoon by
Mrs. Catherine Ede. and Miss Ede at the
family residence, 460 Guerrero street, in
honor of Mrs. William Ede, one of this
season's brides. Many hundred guests
were entertained. The house was decor*
uted with hollyberrles, palms and cut
flowers. .•.-■/.:■ .•■"•■'"'. ■■..•■:■.■■:•;;.:■.•"•
Mr. and Mrs. Edo are at the Colonial
Hotel. ■ ' V- : :-. • ■■■■■■. :■. .;£/ .:,-.,.. -
• .'•. • * •
Mrs. William R. -Smedberg tendered a
tea yesterday to Mrs. William Renwlck
Smedberg Jr., who was recently married
to Captain Smedberg, United . States
army. Mrs. Hmcdberg was . assisted In
ADVEKTiSEMKNTSj
*ItTers
This mtdlclne will restore the appe*
tite,^ strengthen the nerves, ' promote
sound sleep and cure"\^. ; ;- ; :; ;'•,<• :^y '-'^S- ]
Indigestion, Dyspepsia, Consti-
pation, Flatulency and Ma-
m Iwla, v Fever and Ague. "
A trial will convince you.
WELL KNOWN PHYSICIAN OF
THI8 CITY AND THE BRIDE HE
WON IN AUSTRIA'S, CAPITAL. .
receiving by. Mrs. George *W. Mclver.
Mrs, William *Rcd wick Smedberg, Mrs.
Wlnthrop Lester, ■ Miss NSmedberg. Mrs.
G^orgA A. Raymond. Mrs. George F. Ash
ton. Mrs. Latham McMullen, Mrs. W. H.
Taylor Jr., Miss •McDean, Miss Taylor,
the blisses Carolan and the Misses Col
lier. . .-..-.-<
• ■ i »•.!; •
The Alumni Association of the Poly
technic-High School 'will hold its first
annual >wlnter cotillon on Tuesday even-
Ing. • December 10. at Cotillon Hall. The
committee having charge of the affair
Is composed of Misses. E. Kasten '97, W.
Lillon : '97. B. v Beeney '98, and Messrs.
Charles Lowe'- '97, David Cahen '9S. Her
bert IJauecr '97 arid Louis Dorr '97.
The New Dramatic 8oclety of this city
will -Under a testimonial to Miss Edna
Herold, lyric soprano, and. Wlllium G. Sass
on Thursday' evening next. Tho follow
ing have kindly volunteered. The Leons;
Miss Josephine Cusick In tho dramatic
scene, "Guldo Ferranti"; C. O. Schmttz,
tenor; Robert Flannigan. the original
tramp; Miss. Louise von Gelstefeld In
coon songs; Professor Grabcr's Banjo,
Mandolin and Guitar Club; Miss Birdie
Hull, contralto. The New Dramatic So
ciety will present ' the . second act of
"What's Next?" Dancing will follow.
Nlantlc Parlor No. 103, N. 8. G. W..
will give a complimentary ball on Thurs
day evening. December 6. at Native Sons*
Hall, -114 Mason street, In honor of their
fourteenth anniversary. :.]'
Last Tuesday evening at the California
Hotel the Rev. F. Brush of Alameda
unltsd Arthur Meyer, non of E. E. M«»yer
of Wrights, to Miss Edna F, Lyman,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Charles Lyman
of 746 Capp street. Only the Immediate
friends of both families were present.;
At the conclusion of the ceremony a ban
quet was served. Colonel E. H. Merrill
of the Standard Oil Company was master
of ceremonies. The young couple depart
ed the following day. for the south,
where they will spend their honeymoon.
On their return . they will j take up their
residence in this city.
The couple received many handsome
and elaborate presents. Tillmann & Ben
del, at whose establishment the groom
holds a responsible -position; presented
him with a complete silver dinner set.
BARLE IS ASKED HOW ; ';
HE OBTAINED CLAIMS
Heirs of the Late M>s. Caroline Flock*
V hart Seek-ftrProve Undue
■ ■ Influence. '
Benonl Sarle, to whom for a considera
tion of $100 Mrs. Caroline Flockhart as
signed claims for about $30,000 for serv
ices as nurse she held against the estate
of Robert Bright, was on the witness
stand in Department 9 of the Superior
Court yesterday, explaining how he came
to get the claims. . He was cited to ap
pear on a petition presented by the helra
of .Mrs. Flockhart, -In which it, was al
leged that he obtained the assignments
by undue influence. ; v, , v >r
The heirs sued to. have a deed of con
veyance i made byv Mrs . . ,'Flockhart to
Sarle set aside on the ground that her
signature was forged. The case was tried
before Judge , Troutt', last 'w,eek. and the!
court' held' that ( the signature, was genu
ine. ' ; ' , i ' : ; -.. ■'^■K ■:;',■■ -■■-: .^'■■■vV;.;
The action^ commenced yesterday iin
practically In opposition* to the report of
the administrators of the. woman's .es
tate, which consists principally of the
claims she held against the Bright estate.
The- case was continued •until : Decem- 1
ber 20.V," —'v ■:,';.''". -V- .'/■■■ '-','' ■■,;'' : " : '.•■■■ *i
She— I'm iure, Mr. Opodby. there ara
many • girls t wbo can t make you ■ far hap
pier than"! l could,* He (dolef ully)-Thaf||
the trouble; they could— but they won't.—
Brooklyn Life, '■■>■■■:',{'■■
MAYOR PHELAN
SHAKEN DOWN
J. H. Parry of the Uniofi
Labor Party Gains
i a Point! . - i
Governor Gaga Gives , Com
missions to Geary's r ,}
■ '.'; Cominittee. '
' A meeting of the executive commfttee
of the late Chinese Exclusion Convention
met at the Lick House last evening in
response to a special call Issued by the
chairman, 5 * Thomas J: Geary.^ The execu
tive committee now consists 4 of forty-one
members, % the; number having been in
creased since It was created. The pur
pose of the session last'nlgnt was to con
sider ways and means to defray expenses
of maintaining headquarters In Washing
ton and to provide for. the printing of the
proceedings of the convention.' An Inter
esting discussion grew out of the proposi
tion to print the debates. It was sus
pected by several members that Mayor
Phelan was nursing fc scheme to edit
the reports by excluding the speeches of
representatives of the Labor party- The'
Mayor 'produced a hot air letter from
Washington, asking: that 'a printed 'report 1
of convention proceedings be transmitted,
at once to the national capital.' J. H. :
Parry contended 'that the secretary's re
port'of the proceedings should be placed
in the possession of the executive com
mittee, which was created to execute the
will of the convention. * , ■''■. * ■ : ■ V.
Parry Entertains a Fancy.
He fancied that instead of appointing a
committee to prepare the report for the
printer a committee should be appointed
to get possession of the report. It was
maintained that the proper custodian was
John McLaughlln, secretary of the execu
tive committee, although the official rec
ords of the session seemed to be in the
hands of N. A. Mason and Mayor Phelan.
The pressure for the possession of the
papers became eo strong that the Mayor
yielded and the 'official account of the
convention's work will be supervised by
the executive committee and John Mc-
Laughlln. ■ '
It is said that Mr. Parry, chairman of
the ; executive committee of the Union
Labor party, suspecting that Phelan was
scheming to do Democratic politics, made
several requests during the past week
that the report of the proceedings be
transferred to the secretary of the con
vention's executive committee, but was
foiled by N. A. Mason and the Mayor.
• Programme Is Clear.
The new programme is that the press
committee shall edit the report and that
Union Labor party speakers, as well as
Democratic wind-jammers, shall be/rep
resented in the printed record.
Governor Gage has ordered that the
great seal of the State shall be affixed
to the commissions of the committecmen
appointed by Thomas J. Geary to visit
Washington. The Governor appends his
official signature to the commisclons.*
Thus armed with letters from Governor
Gage. Phelan, Budd. LJvernash, Beale
and Furuseth will proceed to Washing
ton. As California gave a Republican ma
jority of 40.000 at the last Presidential
election, and as both houses of Congress
are Republican, people may wonder why
a Republican Governor did not Issue com
missions to Republicans.
It Jb" figured that C500 or $3000 will be a
sum sufficient to maintain headquarters
In Washington and an office in San Fran
cisco. ' • - ' - <' ; .
MINER ASPHYXIATED -
WHILE HE SLEEPS
Thomas Francis Malgan Victim ef
What la Believed to Be an
Accident.
Thomas Francis "Malgan. a miner, re
siding with his son-in-law. C. F. Serpa,
at 1213 8anch«: street, was found dead
in bed yesterday morning. ,
Mr. Serpa informed . Deputy Coroner
McCormick that he awoke at half-past 6
o'clock and detected tho odor of Illum
inating gas. Going to' the room occupied
by Malgan, he found the key of the gas
burner turned about . half .way around
and the gas escaping. Though Malgan
had suffocated Dr. Kahl was summoned
and save his opinion that he had been
dead for several hours.
Deputy. Coroner McCormick found the
key of the 'gas fixture to be In good con
dition. Mr. Serpa' said also that his
father-in-law had retired in good spirits
at 9: W o'clock on the previous evening,
and that he knew of no -cause for suicide.
Mr. Malgan was &4 years eld and a na
tive of Ireland. He leaves two daughters,
Mrs. C. F; Serpa of 1213. Sanchez street
and Miss Malgan of 822 Valencia street.
Daniel Tweedie Is Sued.
William Rlgby Jr., trustee In bank
ruptcy of the Tweedie Bottling Company,
filed a suit yesterday against Daniel
Tweedie, president of the company at the
time It was declared bankrupt, to recover
$3332 OS, which he alBlgrs Tweedie drew
from the Crocker- Woolworth Bank a
short tlmo before filing his petition in
Insolvency. Rlgby claims that the money
is part of the assets of the bottling com
pany and that by drawing it from the
bank Tweedie committed a fraudulent act.
Game Law Violator Caught.
-Deputy L. N. Kercheval of Fish
Commission arrested Ed Felix at Salinas
yesterday for selling quail in violation of
the game laws. ■ The offender entered a
pica of guilty and was fined |2S by Judge
Dexter. The officers of the commission
state that other arrests will follow In that
vicinity. . »■ •/. •. :' :■■:':■■; ■•.■.-• :
ADVEKTISEMEWTS. ?K
SENT FREE TO MEN!
A Host Remarkabl* Remedy ■ |h at
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
?' "' ■■ :'.'■ •' : to-Men. '■■. : 4';i£\ £i
A Free Trial Packajre Sent by Hall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being, mailed to all who
will write the . State Medical . Institute.
They cured so many men who had battled
lor years against the mental and physical
suffering or lost manhood ; that the Insti-
tute has decided to distrlbut, free trial
packages to all. who write.. It is a home
treatment,, and all; men who suffer, from
any form of sexual ■ weakness resultlnjr
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, vnrico-
cele or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home. , . ' v
•The remedy has a peculiarly , grateful
effect of warmth 'arid seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where It is needed.
It cuces all the Ills, and troubles that com*
from years of- misuse of the natural func-
tions, and has been an absolute mcoess In
all cases. 1 j Aj reques^to the . State Medical
Institute, 8» Elektron .building. Fort
Wayne, Ind., stating that you desire one
ot their free triaTpackasrea. will be com"
piled with promptly. The Institute is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave' home to be
treated, and the free samples will enable
them to see how easy, it is to be cured of
sexual ' weakness when i the proper reme-
dies are employed. The Institute makes
no restrictions;. Any man who writes will
be sent a free sample, carefully sealed in
a plain package, so that Its recipient need
h»ve v no ■■ fear of embarraasmen t or pub-
licity.- Readers are . requested to ' write
without delay.- .
OIL CASE GOES
TO COMMISSION
Attorney? dnBoth Sides
.Finish Their Ar-
Board Will Be Ready -to
, ; Render Decision -^ on > ;
)>\ • j Monday Next/; ; :
' .The attorneys: for and against the restor
ation of the original oil rates from Ba
kersileld to San Franclsco ; were j heard
; yesterday morning and afternoon, by ! the
Railroad Commission. Frank N. Short
opened -for the oil producers. He was
succeeded by J. JL. Norton, attorney for.
;the Santa Ke and J. F. Foulds 6f the
Southern Pacific. W." H.. Herrin closed
for the railroad. 'Short then replied to
the combined arguments of the railroad
, solicitors. . The commission adjourned
until Monday at 11 o'clock, when It will
hand down a decision, all the arguments
having been made.
W. A. Blssell, freight traffic agent of
the Santa Fe, was called . to the stand
and testified to a one cent per barrel rate
which the Southern Pacific charged the
Santa Fe on the spur from Bakersfield.to
the oil resions. Short claimed that as the
usyal rate was five and seven cents per
barrel to other patrons this was a dis
crimination forbidden by Jaw and should
be Inquired into. Faulds" argument was
directed to this 1 point. He contended that
the discrimination was not a favor, but
for actual service, and that all the re
ports In every State showed that this Is
permissible. . '■:{
Frank Short argued for cheap fuel and
the necessity of a low rate on oil to se
cure it for the people. He said the Kern
River people were the competent : -wit
nesses to testify about the production of
i oil and not the Los Angeles men, who had
been called' upon to prove the railroad's
case. He said that the Valley road
should be taken, not as a single road, but
i as a part of a great system and If the
i returns showed a deficit for operation of
this branch alone, that should not be con
sidered. It is a part of the Santa. Fe
which pays big Interest, the attorney
said. A restoration of the original rate
would work against the Interest of the
State and retard development.
J. lu Norton claimed In behalf of the
Santa Fe that as long as a carrier could
not justify a high rate on a domestic
road to meet an Interstate deficit the re
verse would apply. Herrin reviewed the*
testimony, alleging that it did not bolster
up the cause of the oil people, but really
weakened their original case. He said
that If the decision was adverse the privi
lege of asking for an Injunction might be
resorted to. In fact, he practically ad
mitted that this would be the next step
taken If the commission adhered to Its
former ruling:. _ •
Attorney Short closed with a short and
general review.
/ADVERTISEMENTS.
CAUSE OF_DEAFNESS.
Ih*? Most Common Causa Only Re-
cently Discovered. v }
It has been stated on good medical au-
thority that nine-tenths of cases of deaf-
ness are caused from catarrh or from sore
throat trouble.
' The little tube which leads to tbe ear
from the throat Is lined with a sort of vel-
vety structure called mucous membrane.
This membrane is simply a continuation
of the mucous membrane lining: of the
throat. When disease of any sort attacks
the mucous membrane of the. throat it is
.very liable to extend into ths Eustachian
tube and ud into the ear.
The history of nearly all cases ef deaf-
ness is like this: a, cold is contracted and
neglected, other • colds are taken, the
throat becomes sore and Inflamed, which
is aggravated by particles of dust and
germs from the air. Th!« condition causes
the disease to spread into the tube that
leads to the ear.
It seems a little far fetched to say that
most cases of deafness are cau&ed from
catarrh, but it is certainly true, and any
one .who has had a severe catarrhal cold
must have noticed how the hearing was
aftVctcd while the cold lasted.
With catarrh sufferers this Impairment
of hearing becomes chronic and grows
worse the longer the catarrh Is neglected.
You can cure catarrh and deafness by
the regular use of an excellent new prepa-
ration called Stuart's Catarrh Tablets,
composed of antiseptic remedies, which act
both on the mucous membranes but prin-
cipally and most effectually on the blood,
eliminating the catarrhal poison from the
system. ■ *■ *
People whese hearing is defective may
thlr.k it a little remarkable that a simple
and. harmless tablet would very often re-
move all traces of deafness, but when It
is 'remembered that catarrh causes the
deafness and that the catarrh is easily
cured by the regular use of Stuart's Ca-
tarrh Tablets there Is no mystery about it.
If you are subject to nasal catarrh or 1
catarrh of throat, bronchial tubes or ca-
tarrh of stomach and liver, the safest and
most effective treatment Is the new ca-
tarrh specific. Stuart's Catarrh Tablets,
sold by all druggists at 50 cents for full-
sized package.
DEINH4RD & CO.
. '' Coblepz on the Rhine
Purveyors to H.M.' THE EMPEROR OF GERMANY
;;vN ; :: ; ;,SE^EOTED ; ;;.;
Rhine and Mo s elle Wines
CO.
216-218 Mission St., San Frindsco, Cat |
•• '--s'-v- .Paolfio^Ooasit Ag»nt» ; 1 ! : :
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
to CHICAGO
/
1 The" ■ maximum /comfort
j combined with highest ■ speed
is secured on this celebrated
train. ' ,% \- ■■- y 0 ; ' ; j ' ■ >K
It runs over the i ;r -
SANTAJFE
- Frcm San Francifcoi daily, 9 A> M.
i f3:T^et0ffite^(S4iMarket"Street.^^
Weekly; Calf $1 dw Tear
"ADVERTISEMENTS."
OUR CELEBRATED
$3.50 SHOES
Are the best in the world. Our stock Is
the largest and most complete in the
West. Many of the latest styles and
novelties cannot be seen elsewhere. - All
the latest styles and kinds for men and
women, and every pair guaranteed. .
SPECIAL THIS WEEK. !
; v We will close out 408
• /IT pairs ladles' fine patent
*A y| m leather, lace mat. kid
/ '/H t0 P. latest style coin toe
\J£mt dmV and tip. sewed soled, «x-
,: \ tension edge, new mili-
tary heel; a regular $3.50 value.
Don't Fail to See Our Holiday
Slippers and Novelties.
Our 35 years of success Is the result of
always having the best and latest styla
shoes, and -at prices that defy competition.
Our motto: Good Goods and Square Deal-
Insf. ; .'-/ .' •>■■ •: -\v- v ■■•"' .. "
NOLAN BROS.
PHELAN BUILDING'
812-814 Market Street.
CONTINUATION
EXTRAORDINARY
AUailpH SALE
: -'" : -"-^-;f.:-- OF R£AL .ESTATE . Y[ : ;.Y: ■■
* ' Tbe following choice *n<I select list of Improved tad
iniinf ri»ed properties will be told for the beir* of tba
ats U iIM»m A. Piper, >t our salesroom. Mocday,
Drceabrr 18, 1301, st 12 o'clock noon, by order of Gaa-
UicH. Cmbsen.Mls referee, subject to conflrmatioa
i>T the Superior Court. . ' . ■ . . . ■■
- Northeast Cor. Sntter and Gsagh Sts.
This rhoic- comer voald pay baodsomely if pruperly
bnpro»«l. Lot Z0x!2U, taree fioatatcrs.
I430, 1152. 1454, 1456 & 1453 Franklin St.
Sotrthesst corner Bnsb St. This choicj inrestoieBS
consUU of two comers, with five tlecant 2-«tonr aad
a«»emeat hmnts of 14 rooms and b*:S ueo. Rent*
U.5 per month. Lot 123x114.6. ,
. ' ... _xi to _
Two dednble haU Jin j lots. S5st3O emch> frontlnf tm
Bash bu and Fern Am WU1 bo told •epamtdj.
171S to 1226 Polk St.
i SootheMt eorner Bush St. Tbis choice tms1n*«
property consist* ot two corners, and is doss to tha
tnosf er point oi Sutter and Polk Sts. Iaprofenients
consist ot rizht storrs acd. three flats, with fraxs
oalMinss. Jfos. UI5-1339 Bus'a St. Rents $TO per
month. Vo% lttxlM, three trontaxet. * .
MeAH!«ter St.
Xear Junction of Market and Jones Sts. ThUcholaa
bosinets property could be mads to jieM banrl*caely if
properly ImrwTfld. Lot 123iS7.6, trresuUt, r. •
City Hall Av«nne.
: Betwe«n Lcarenworfh aad CItr H »U Sqoar*. Two
•boles bvUdiac lots, 53x 100 esch . •
; . -- 313 WaMilngtrtn St.
BetwiMn Front and DaWs Sts. ImproTeaenta eonsM '
of tt Am* build Id; Rents ;» per month. LotSxU0s»
OrcroaSt. ., . ' _ ■ l
FOTREnO.
rtction ef Btuek Ml, lot !0ox405, three frontajsa. .
.. '• " 46S, - WxWO, three fron^ts«a.
.«••** 433, ** 100x900, twofrontasea.
* M " 513, " IOOtW?, thr»fronta««a.
•* *• ** 512, " 1003200. two frooMsn- -.
»- _■ ■». » 475^ « lOOxJOn, twn frocMgw. i~&t
" " " JI4," 100x400, tar«« f'Ontajns.
w *♦ -■• " S3U, •» S0Cs3)3, thrra frontazM.
. • .: •* ■■. •* S18, H 100x130. two frontast*
; ."'. Gift Map Ko.\
■ Elsin Ft., west line, between Esmermlda aad dote)
IU. LoU 3M, 384,287 and 363,!3z7O each.
Foe eataloenes and farther particulars, srply to
i G. n. UMBSEJJ 6 CO.
, J ; 14 Montgomery StroaC
Rupture Cured.,;
i\ » Th 9 celebrated California la- 1
Ft ■ mm fVrm ▼enter. Dr. Plerco, dlsroTered | j
fcT^JrTyi tiiat tha onN reraedy for Kup- ;
\5 JSjts}9 tura in ElsclriclN. aad la po
' L fTirrVf ' fectteg his wonaerful Electro-
3&&A\^*+rW Magnetic Truss and wtab-
i^^^^wS^lisninsiftsalothroughoiit
tn ° worhl - hc » r* to to svJ '
™wn\ ftSHwKJi ferers fromttisdancerou*
'v^S^wfeSSSSSlS »*l*dy the reUef aad se-
r ' el«Pwh*re.Thisr«nowneA
I : ~j^. t ,9 . gppUjjjca j a radically dif-
ferent from all others tad its action on ths
raptured part* Is quick and effectiT* Cur«»
accomplished by its as* ax* numbered by th»
thousand. If ruptured inresticats atone*. Call
or send a 2-c«nt stamp for new " Booklettfo. 1."* . . ■
Addrm Magnttte Truss CO..T145 Broadway <ne*r
2<thSt.).Newrort.or206Po»»3WSaara3»ci»co.
08. DALL'S REINYIGOR ATQRH3J3
Stops all losses in it hours. Firs ftWHiKff
hundred reward for any case w» Ct£l BSfS
cannot cure. . This secret remedy I g
cures Emissions. Impotency, BBSS pj&j
Varlcocele. Gonorrhoea. Olsef. "JSH SPfi
Strictures. Drain*. Lost Man- (ilLJ it'i'l
hood and all other wasting er- RHi •
fects of self-abuse or excesses. mSbsmSM
Bent sealed. K bottle; t bottles. |3: fuarante<Kt
to curt any case. Call • or address orders
HALL 1 8 MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 8S Brtwd-
way. Oakland. Cal. Also .far sal* at Itll'i
Market st. 8. ». . Band tar Xrea book.
rAiJrxk. ■*• CHICiXESTKK'S JWQXJfJu
l3» S^fg« »'*» »'■»» rt>bw>. T>ka Mather XUfu**
' ..• _» Bis Qbs Boa'polsoaecs
J'JEI issn^fl r*m*d/ for Gonorrhoea,
V^Bt^T^TT^tm Olact, Sparmatorrhasa,
CURES WhltM, nnnatnral dl»-
MBmta I » » *«j«. V chart* *. or anr indamma.
JVf ounamd w •* tion, irritation or nlcera-
swfl^rt.iw.mi.ui.iiCn eranaa. rion-astrin£«nt.
>v R^'l Circular tut oa tnwat.
2930
ADVERTISEMENTS. , ■; '' -- • : ; - ■'■>■• ■•".•.■.
me CAVALIER]
By George W. Cable ;
1 UUutraUd by Christy 65THlt000
&l -w fia ,JjS &/>e Fiction Success of
j^^^^^A^m HARPER'S MAGAZINE says
vot*\V A§r\ u'T'HERE is more action in
A$^Tu^ >\ i^r / mfil * c Cavalier ' than in
/»lirm2*U'\. Wl/rB an y °^ r * a^ es P rev "ious nov-
fl^fliSj^E 1 * vm/w c * s; sltuat^ on follows situation
tSS&j. quickly in the development of
w^M^^^^^i^Sii ths story; i( is thc m ° st jramatic
! l^fi^^^2^^Miif and complete book he has yet
All Booksellers or CHARLES SCRIBNER'S SONS
Californians in Washington.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 30.— The follow
ing Californians have arrived at the
hotels: Hamilton — Julius Kahn, Walter
B. Brandt: National— R, K. Hahnann,
San Francisco: C. H. Phillips Jr. of San
Jose, Miss Wickam of San Francisco;
Metropolitan— H. H. Hall and wife of Los
Angeles.
ADVEBTISEIgENTa.
B.KATSGHINSKE
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
10 THIRD STREET, SIX FRANCISCO.
HOLIDAYlOVELTIES.
This Is ihe time to think of
Christmas pifts. We have the best
seiected stock In this city and our
prices cannot be duplicated. Drop
in and examine our stock. It costs
you nothing to look and we will as-
sure you a cordial reception. LA-
DIES' BLACK or RED QUILTED
, SATIN JL'LIETS. fleece lined and
beaver fur trimmed. REDUCED
TO $l.:t.*> A PAIR. Sizes 3 to 8.
We Are Cpen Evenings Tbis Month.
CHILDREN'S SATIN JULIETS.
MISSES" and CHILDREN'S RED
QUILTED SATIN JULIETS, fleece
lined and beaver fur trimmed, with
spring hee!s —
Child's sizes. 6 to 11 GOc
Misses' sizes, 12 to : 75c
We Are Open Evenings Tbis Month.
CROCHET SUPPERS.
•CROCHET SLIPPERS for men.
tvoai^n and children —
Child's sizes. 2 to 11. In Pink. Red
or White and Blue liQc
Misses* sizes. 12 to 2, In Red or
White and Blue OoC
Ladies* sizes, 2 to S. in Red. Purple
or Black 73c
llen'B Eizes, 6 to 11, In Red or Black
-.81.00
We Are Open Evenings Tbis Month.
Men's Embroidered Slippers
MEN'S VELVET EMBROIDER-
ED EVERETT or OPERA SLIP-
PERS, with patent leather trim-
mings and soft cushion Insoles;
Elzee 6 to 11 73c
OUR STORE has been enlarged
and seating capacity increased.
WE WILL BE OPEN EVEN-
INGS during- the month of Decem-
ber.
BUT A SHOE ORDER. No pres-
ent is more acceptable than a pair
of shoes. '
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
10 THIRD STREET.
San Francisco.
Expert
Eye°Glass
Fitting
AT MODERATE COST.
, * / The Ocularium.
MMMdM)
64Z Market ot. instruwnts
vMDt* cmaomicu BunotMfr. Catalogue Frcc.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON BT8.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD tc
CO. European plan. Rooms, SOc to SI 60 day;
« to M week: $8 to S3) month. Free batha;
hot and cold water every room; flra (rates In
every room; elevator runs all nlfht.
aDEWEy t STRONG&CO.>gg!^
patents! il
330 MARKET ST. SflNStS^
CAFE MIL M
valises checked tr—
POPE PRAISES
IRISH CATHOLICS
Pontiff Expresses Delight
at Constancy of the
People. i
Epecl&l Dispatch to The Call.
ROME. Nov. 30.— The Pope at a special
audience to-day granted to Dr. William
Murphy, rector of the Irish College, and
a deputation of students, extolled the
fidelity of Catholic Ireland and of Irirh
men all over the world to the Holy See.
He spoke of the Irish party mission now
in the United States, and expressed sat
isfaction at the friendly reception grant
ed by President Roosevelt to its members.
He remarked that the Irish element is one
of the causes of America's vitality a. id
greatness.
The Pontiff closed the audience by be
stowing the apostolic benediction on all
Irishmen in the old country and In t.'ie
new world.
FBENCH NOTABLES
GATHER AT A CIRCUS
Exnbassador Porter Among the Visit
ors Seen at the Barnuxn
Show.
PARIS, Nov. 30.— The Salles -des Fete»
of the exposition buildings was filled to
night by an audience of S000 persons, the
occasion being the opening of Barnum's
circus for a season of four months. The
opening assumed the character of an
American function. United States Embas
sador Porter and family, the staff of the
embassy and Consul General Gowdy oc
cupying the principal boxes.
President Loubet was represented by
his son, and the various Ministers wer«
either present or had representatives
among the big gathering of Parisian no
tables and diplomats who accepted the
invitations transmitted through Embas
sador Porter. The performance was en
thusiastically received.
Population of Northern Cities.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 20.— The prelimi
nary census report on the manufacturing
industries for the State of Washington
and thc cities of Seattle, Tacoma and
Spokane gives the following figures:
For the State— Capital. $52,527,352, in
crease 52 per cent; establishments, 3360,
increase 135 per cent: value of products,
JS6.779.0T2. increase 108 per cent; wage
earners, 33.762; total wages, $19,097,473; mis
cellaneous expenses. $3,830,435; cost of ma
terials used, $49.114 ,S04.
Seattle— Capital, $10,131,631. Increase 113
per cent; establishments, 963, increase 1SS
per cent; value of products, 126,373,102. In
crease 15S per cent.
Tacoma— Capital. $S.146,W1, increase 73
per cent; establishments. 3S1. increase 69
per cent; value of products, $12,029,497. in
crease 15 per cent.
Spokane — Capital, $3,678,S23; establish
ments, 213: value of products, $3,427,510.
(Separate reports for 1890.)
Grand Army Inspectors Named.
MINNEAPOLIS, Nov. SO.— Commander
in Chief Eli Torrence of the Grand Army
of the Republic has announced these ap
pointments as division inspectors: Ari
zona—Gilbert D. Gray, Phoenix. Califor
nia and Nevada— C. T. Derby, Los Ange
les. Colorado and Wyoming — O. E. Adams,
Denver. Idaho— C. A. Clark, Boise. Mon
tana—G. H. Platt. Helena. Oregon-
Thomas Vesly. Astoria. Utah— Hugh
Anderson, Salt Lake. Washington and
Alaska— F. H. Bourdman, Tacoma.
— — — • j—
Actress Blanche Bates Recovers.
DETROIT. Mich.. Nov. 3O.-Mlas
Blanche Bates, the actress, who has been
seriously ill- in Detroit since October 18,
was to-day discharged from Grace Hos
pital. She and her mother will return to
New York, where Miss Bates will rest for
the remainder of the season.
Transport Buford Arrives.
NEW YORK." Dec l.-The overdue
United States army transport . Buford,
from Manila October ' 1, via Singapore,
Colombo and Gibraltar, arrived here early
this morning. She has on board two bat
talions of the Twenty-third Infantry/ ...
j~y U^buWaRtTheBfisf
IIP /|ijgfe KOW ; BRG^
%%■ $My CHJCAoa
iff iM If your dealer does not handle;
||| III • the "GAYROCK BRAND''
write us and we will furnish
yf H| the name of one who does.
9 tJV Vrlte for our Iarge mtp of the United Stltes
1£ sent free on application. Address Dept. B,
THB/SAK FBA3SroiSCO OALI., SUNDAYj DECEMBER 1, 190i;
SEMBRICH AND CALVE APPEAR
BEFORE TWO BIG AUDIENCES
Grau's Singers Heard to
the Very Best Ad
vantage.
Enthusiastic Applause
Rewards Efforts, of
Artists.
BY BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
1AM persuaded that not even yet has
Calve been heard at her best. Last
night "Carmen" was again given at
.the Grand Opera-house, and to an Im
mense house In spite of fears that the'
singer might again disappoint. It was not
an enthusiastic house until nearing the
close of the opera, at the end of the third
act, and after the final curtain, to be par
ticular. . •
The singer was in lovely voice, every
trace of the former fatigue and hoarse
ness gone. It Is a voice of rare and beau
tiful quality, something of the ' flute,
something of the oboe, but above all a
characteristic timbre peculiar to the
singer. It is clear, warm, rarely sweet
and splendidly controlled, and of remark
able evenness throughout its wide range.
She can do anything she pleases with It,
and I think, feel, that she can do more
even than she did last night
It is said that Calve's Carmens are
never twice alike. Certainly her last
night's effort differed widely not only In
detail but In essence, from her first per
formance of the part, for the better
mostly, but not entirely. The vocal effort
was . deliclously beautiful, yet stopped
short of complete satisfaction; the last
sensitive note of - satisfaction coming
from the singer's happiness In her work,
for Calve was In hurt and wounded mood
last night. She came on after the third
act with her eyes filled with tears to bow
acknowledgment to an audience that she"
felt had heard, and perhaps in part be
lieved, the various canards about her .that
have adorned some newspapers of late.
One felt it In her action, but she forgot
herself at times and then showed glimpses
of one of the greatest conceptions that
now grace the stage. Her art reminds
strongly of that of Bernhardt. lithe, im
passioned, and In the highest degree art
istic. It is easy to play Carmen as the
common woman of the street, who usually
shows up In the role, but It is quite an
other thing to make of. her what Calve
makes of her. Perhaps It is a creation
rather than an Interpretation. It is Merl
mee. but Merimee plus Calve, the sumptu
ous animal of the author together with
the refinement of the artist. Her card
scene again thrilled the house, though It
was amazingly different from the first
night's work, while the last act was im
measurably better. The dance scene
again was different, and not so beaatlful
as before, but counting in the beauty of
the vocal work, those who heard Calve
last night heard the best of her so far,
yet not the best that the great singer has
to give, I am persuaded.
Miss Scheff sang Mlcaela's part last
night, and though a shade too coquettish
WOMAN PLANS
BOLD ROBBERY
Causes Fifty Thousand
Dollars to Be Stolen
and Hidden.
CITY OF MEXICO. Nov. 20.— About a
year ago robbers entered the house of an
elderly lady named Vasquez and her wid
owed daughter, Scnora Campello, and
were said to have stolen $30,000. The po
lice arrested five men, who were tried and
sentenced to prison for long terms. It now
appears the affair was a plot to prevent
the money being left to a church. It Is
alleged a woman, who is a member" of the
Vasquez family, planned thc robbery,
employing a friend under a promise of re
ward to get men to pretend to steal the
money. The robbers entered the house
and secured a small amount of money and
Jewelry, the larger sum having been hid
den.
The man who was employed to engineer
the supposed steal, not receiving the re
ward, confessed and this lutl to the police
searching the house and finding the $50,000.
The money was taken away arid deposited
In the National Bank of Mexico.
The men now in prison expect a new
trial and mitigated sentences.
The woman who is said to have planned
the alleged robbery has beer, arrested and
will be further interrogated. Sensational
developments are Expected.
DEATH STOBY ERRONEOUS.
NEW YORK, Nov. 30.— In answer to a
cabled message of inquiry sent by the
Christian Herald to President Wasbburne
of Robert College, Constantinople, con
cerning Miss Stone, the following reply
was received to-day:
"BEBEJ^K. Nov. 30.— Christian Herald.
Bible House, New York— Stone negotia
tions suspended. No Immediate prospects
of release. Satisfactory evidence sho has
been well treated." . «.
BOSTON, Nov. 30.— The Rev. Dr. Judson
Smith, secretary of the American Board
of Foreign Missions, received from the
State Department at Washington to-day
a telegram stating that the recent rumor
of Miss Stone's death is absolutely un
confirmed.
WAGNER OPERA
IS ATTRACTION
FOR TO-NIGHT
*;■ "L0HEN0BIN."
BY WAaNlBB:
Elsa Brabant. .........
, .Dime. Gadsld
Ortrud. . . .lime. Louise Homer
Lohengrin ....;..... Mr. TJippel
Frederich von Telramund,
Brabantlscher Graf. .....
, . ; . . ; .Mr. Bispham
Der Heerrufer des Koenig. .
.......... . .Mr. Muhlmann
Heinrich der Vogler, Peut
scher Koenig Mr. Blass
Conductor,' Walter Damrosch.
for the simple maid, yet added happily to
the effect by her dramatic strength. She
sang charmingly, and received a flatter
ing meed of applause all to herself. '
De Marchl was again the Don Jose, and
nobly filled all vocal requirements, and in
spots more than satisfied dramatically.
Escamillo was sung by Mr. Journet, who
was heavy in the Toreador song, but did
some acceptable work later. Flon con
ducted a little raggedly at times, but with
more than his usual spirit.
Tho second performance of "II Barblere
dt tilvlglla" at the Grand Opera-house
failed to draw quite so large a crowd yes
terday afternoon as on its first production.
There was no lack in the enthusiasm with
which the sprightly opera was received,
however, and the singers all did quite
their best save Mme. Sembrich. Perhaps
the phenomenal fog that ntnrked the day
may account for It, but the singer wan
not at her utmost, a slight strain being
noted in the upper tones occasionally. She
was otherwise entirely satisfying as
usual, piquant and charming, . and her
Roslna remains a thing of rare beauty
and a Joy for to-morrow as well as to-day.
She sang again the Johann Strauss "Voce
dl Prlmavera," a brilliant aria, in the
"lesson scene," and gave as the three
encores she graciously uccorded, "Ah! non
Glunge." the "Maiden's Wish" of Chopin—
to her own charming accompaniment—
and a "Cradle Song" of Relss. the same
numbers as before. She was bombarded
with flowers at the close of the scene.
De Reszke was in his usual, splendid
form— I wonder If he is ever out of It?
His Don Baslllo fills the last requirement
of the pan and is one of the most deli
clously absurd portraits of the stage. As
the barber himself, Campanari is very
happy, and his last Figaro was better
than his first. 'He sang admirably yester
day, with a vigor and spontaneity that
left nothing to be desired. Tavecchla's
Bartolo was a repetition of his first per
formance, and as such was the beat read
ing of the part that late years have given
us. He has the manner to perfection and a
rich humor that rounds the character
into an astonishing plausibility. Salignac's
Almavlva fills a pleasant place and he Is
hea.'d at his best In the part. Miss Bauer
melster sings and acts Marselltna with
full competence and good humor. Sep
pllll conducted, which moans that orches
tral concerns were excellently cared for.
MASONS DEDICATE
NEW HIGH SCHOOL
Five .Hundred Lodge
men Visit } Santa*
i Barbara.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SANTA BARBARA, Nov. 30.— Five hun
dred Masons, with their wives and fam
ilies, visited Santa Barbara to-day to
conduct the ceremonies attending the lay-
Ing of the cornerstone of the new high
school building at the corner of Dc la
Vina and Anaparau streets. Prepara
tions for the event had been in progress
since the last meeting of the Grand
Ix>dgc In San Francisco, when Gram*
Master Wells and other officers promised
to be present. Invitations were extended
to all Masonic bodies In San Luis Oblapo.
Santa Burbara and Ventura counties, and
representatives were here from Sun Luis
Oblspo, Guadalupe, Santa Maria, Loni
poc. Arroyo Grande, Santa Ynez, Ven
tura, Oxnard and «k far south as Fill
more. Special truins arrived this morn
ing from both directions.
The Grand Lodge met at Masonic Tem
ple. The procenfllon formed In two divi
sions and marched to the new building,
where several thousand persons hii.l
gathered to witness the ceremonies. The
Grund Ixxlgc, a choir of forty high school
pupil*, city officials and others occupied
thc floor of thc building. City Attorney
H. C. Booth, acting for the city, turned
tho celebration .over to .the Grand Lodge.
Mr. Wells responded briefly and the stona
was laid with ritualistic rites. Newspa
pers, copies of city ordinances relating to
the hlfih school bonds and documents of
the Board of Education were deposited <n
the stone. A copy, of "Science and
Health," by Mary Baker G. Eddy, was in
cluded. • • •- i .. M C'!,- ■
An address by Grand Orator Hart fol
lowed and then the visitors and Invited
guests took luncheon In the Arlington Ho
tel. In the evening the men . attended
lodge work, while the ladles enjoyed a
minstrel performance.
Indians Need the Money.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 33.-Indlan Agent
Mynton of the Ulntah Ute reservation at
White Rocks. Utah, with five . headmen
among tho Utcs. Big Joe, Tim Johnson,
Martin Va. Veroey Mack and Joseph
Duncan, to-day. had a hearing before
Commissioner of Indian Affairs Jones and
urged the granting of authority to lease
their mineral and grazing lands. There Is
urgent need at the reservation for irriga
tion work, and the Indians are anxious to
secure the revenues therefor by this
means. The matter was taken under ad
visement
Captures a Negro Burglar.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 30. -After a chase
of nearly a mile, during which he used
hli revolver twice. Detective Walter
Auble Ladd to-day captured Oscar Bell,
the negro burglar, for whom the police
have been looking for ten days. The po
lice believe. there Is little doubt as to. the
guilt of the prisoner. At the time of his
capture he was wearing stolen clothing. !
Italy Will Seize a Painting.
ROME, ; Nov. • 30.— Francais* "Madonna"
having been sold to an .American for
320,000 francs,' the Procureur General has
brought action In the courts, demanding
that the Marquis Fangoni and the agent
who arranged the sale bo condemned to
pay a Joint fine of 10,000 francs and that
the picture be seized by the State. -
FAYAL; Azores,' Nov. 3O.-The p cable
steamer Faraday to-day finished laying a
cqple between the Azores Islands and Ire
land for the Commercial Cable Company.
This completes the fourth eable of that
company between the United States and
England. . >
"BARBIERE DI SIVIGLIA" IS
RENDERED IN THE
AFTERNOON
"Carmen" Is Presented
in Rare Manner
: at Nighji. ; o *
TWO vast audiences yesterday dis
played the intense hold that the
Grau Grand Opera Company haa
upon the public of this city.
The end of the third week of
the season found the Grand Opera-house
tested to Its capacity at the matinee and
night' performances. Mme. Sembrlch
again sang In "II Barblere dl Slviglla" In
the afternoon and Mme. Calve made her
reappearance at night in "Carmen."
That Mme. Sembrlch Is the brlsrht par
ticular star of the Grau combination was
shown by the tremendous reception she
received yesterday afternoon. • In the'fa
mous "lesson scene" she. was pelted with
bouquets by those in the audience near
the stage and so persistent was the ap
plause that the diva was comoelled to
give four encores ere her admirers would
allow the opera to proceed.
Ninety per cent of the afternoon au
dience was composed of women and they
were In raptures of delight over Mme.
Sembrlch and those who were associated
with her.
That there was an intense desire to see
and hear Calve was shown last night by
the crush at the Grand Opera-house. At
7 p. m. there was a line of men and
women waiting to buy general admission
tickets that stretched from the doom of
thc theater along Mission street and half*
way up Third street to Market.
The* leaders of society evidently feared
that Calve might again disappoint by not
appearing and considerable surprise was
expressed at the majority of the boxes
being empty. The season's subscriptions
for boxes ended with the matinee ■ per
formance of yesterday.
While the theater was crowded last
night it was not a "gala" evening by any
means. There were scores of women ele
gantly dressed and many prominent peo
ple were present, but the gathering was
not a "society function." •
Mme. Calve won the heartiest applause
of thc audience and she war In splendid
voice. Calve's great charm is her acting.
If Calve was not a.prlma donna she would
be just as popular as an actress. Once
during the performance she gave evidence
of the cold that kept her out of the bill
laat week. . - . • •
The entire performance went with a
swing that was lacking In the first pre
sentation of the opera and those who
came to see and hear Calve showed they
were satisfied by the lavish approval they
gave to the artist. •
To-night "Lohengrin" will be given at
popular prices, .with Gadskl, Louise
Homer, Dlppel, Muhlmann, Blass and Bis
pham in the cast.
The six extra performances at reduced
prices that commence with the matinee
to-morrow are likely to- fill the theater to
Its capacity.
"Le Nozze dl Figaro," with Eames and
Sembrlch in the cast. Is the matinee at
traction for to-morrow.
In the evening "La Boheme" Is to be
repeated, with Susanne Adamr Frllzl
Schorr, De Marchl, Dufrlche, Vfnni and
Scotti In the principal roles, to be followed
by "Cavallcrla Rustlcana," with Calve as
Santuzza. In this role Calve appeared in
Paris for four weeks' to a Berles of over
flowing houses. , •
1 On" Tuesday' »nlght Wagner's ' "Tristan
uud Isolde" will be sung for the first time
in San Francisco. .
On Wednesday night "Carmen" will bo
given, with Ca'.ve in the title role and
Sybil Sanderson as Mlcaela.
On Thursday afternoon "Tannhauscr"
will be repeated, and the four weeks' sea
son will close on Thursday night with
"Le Nozze dl Figaro."
BOERS ABE DEFEATED v
IN BLOCKHOUSE BATTLE
British Authorities Say All Persons
Who Land Now Must Have
Passes. .
PRETORIA. Nov. 30.— The Boers, on
the night of November 26, made a general
attempt to break thc blockhouse cordon
along the railway west of Mlddlcsburg, but
were repulsed with considerable losses. An
armored train turned back the main body
of 200 of the enemy and the garrisons of
thc blockhouses checked the attacking
party at other points.
LONDON. Nov. 30.— The Government
has issued a notification that, owing to
the proclamation of martial law in Cape
Colony and Natal, nobody unprovided
with a permit will be allowed to land In
South Africa after January 1.
Blenheim for the Honeymoon.
LONDON, »Nov. 30.— The wedding of
Baron Tweedmouth's son, Dudley
Churchill Majoribanks, ' and Marie,
daughter of the War Secretary, Brodrlck,
at St. George's Church, Hanover Square,
this afternoon, was a smart social func
tion. There were seven bridesmaids, in
cluding Muriel White, daughter of the
United States Charge d'Affaires, Mr.
White. The presents were unusually num
erous and costly. They included gifts
from King Edward and Queen Alexandra,
the Prince and Princess of Wales, the
Duke and Duchess of Marlborough, Mr.
and Mrs. Henry White and William Wal
dorf Astor. The Duke and Duchess of
Marlborough have. lent Blenheim Palace
to the newly married couple for tho
honeymoon. : ;. .:■:,
Travis Wins Oolf Prize.
LAKEWOOD, N. J.. Nov. 30.-For the
fourth time in the history of Lakewood's
open golf "tournaments. Walter J. Travis
has received the chief prise. To-day tho
champion gained his accustomed honor
through the defeat of two well-known
amateur golfers, J. P. Knapp and William
McCawley. The second cup for those who
qualified among th'e second division of
sixteen went to Findlay Douglas. The
third cup was captured by F. P. Klmball,
a Lake wood, amateur. •■ In' addition there
was a big. open handicap, In which more
than seventy men. took part. R. L. Mac
leay of Portland captured the prize with
a net card of 72. . '. V
Financial Condition of Italy.
ROME, Nov. 80.— In the Chamber of
Deputies to-day the Minister of Finance,
Blgnor Carcano, In presenting the budget,
said he was able to announce an abso
lute surplus of 41 .000.000. lire for the past
fiscal year and added: that he anticipated
a surplus of 13,000,000 lire for 1901-1902.
The Minister referred to the economic
revival In Italy, and announced reform of
the octroi duties without prejudicing the
equilibrium' of .the budget. •'. v ■;'.. ; : -
Murderer of Children Convicted.
ITHACA;. Mich.,' Nov. 8O.-Mrs. Elmer
Quimby was to-day found guilty of mur
dering her two children by administering
poison and was sentenced to life Impris
onment. ' The woman and her. husband
planned to rid themselves of the children
and poisoned them both. The. husband
was last week convicted and sentenced to
life Imprisonment; : , < > . • ' v ■ : ./
Natives of Alabama are called "lizards,"
from the abundance • of thea« creatures
along the streams.
>■: ■■ ■■■■.■'■'.; . ■ ■ ADv-MfcTinriffiKmTB. -
Good Old Grandma's Advice*'
The children are sick— send for grandma! Who is there like her
for wisdom and gentleness and sympathy, since the first baby earner
What would we have done without her? : ; V
_\m ' "CMearoi* 'at* splendid, my old motty* PTalsj* Jh«m »wy X
' . .r" >«r- ■ :.• •^V" ' Wfhly. »nd s«ys in* would narer b« without them-^ «**_ • '
. J^T •■^V - Howard W. Wellaun, IS Tremon* Btwet, Talisumirt, OW*
'•' 'Jjt-": : " ■ "I leered («T«a yeart wltft tap^wom b«t dlto't kw»jr
#^3E*=-~"V%VVl\ Intone. Two month* »«o I wuuha with lnfl»mn»*Mono<
> «'v*' • YLl'Ml the bowels, sowr stomach, tick heada«h«. 1 tried CaseareU
W* V*^^ fit Wi and hid not tak« them a week before X wae >? ell*»ed of •
f NTr^p^tJ^r-s* A t»p«-worm 13 1 eot Ion*. I am yery much b«tt«r.
1 y- y£~£SfflJr —Mrs. John Stone. Put-In-Bay I«Und, Ohio.
*& £f***^@7 Mf "After taking Caacarota for » fsw nlfbta before wrltlnr.
C f7W : ~^ JQ JET I w " » ble to »»•■ • «*Pe-worm U f jet In I."***** C < V CBr 1M
V^V~*>W J7HjL» toanyone who detlres It. "-Mrs. Hirry Wood, Kenneth, lad.
. "I was troubled f or a lonjt time wlta live* eonylaln* and
vi«'> L// /A was In snch misery that I had to give np work. I took but
I J^s A+zBBbi^ i-fimrdosesof Cascarets before I was «ble to go to work again. '
V^^-^QMImEW- - Mrs. Jos. Kroslint. 1321 Confess St., St. Louis.
' : - "A year ajo I was a treat sufferer from Piles and
-^ ¥<C*SBB&Br'!0^^^^*^ eoulf got no rest day or night. 1 took Caacarets
>C/\. M/eS*lrr^ "^ sad after three d«ys was very much better. I can
• — i never thsnk you enoufh for the relief Caicarew
" ' w ■ X kAJSy ' have rtven me."
J— WH^3\ SS5— /£-^ - """'Tl "I a** suffered with sick headaoa* far mtxf
I v A "\A!> ■ w. i»~~c. „ a ye»rs. and with indigestion and constipation from
f >«<_- >■«■» > ■ « J j\\ ii mo t,, tt me . since using Catcarets 1 am free froia
VJjk -■ ■ *^- > , 7 ilex these ailments and recommend Caseareta to all
1 - 3 **S» *>Y sufferers."— Mrs. Delia Kerns, professional nurse,
,'^^Q^ 1 fi« West 36th Street, New York.
The wisdom of years of experience with her own health, and* •
grandpa's and the children's, and the children's children has taught, |
grandma what is good for her and the several generations of family
she has looked after. Grandma of today knows and advises that
Cascarets Candy Cathartic are the only perfect family medicine »for
all bowel troubles, children's diseases, diseases of the stomach and
i liver, sick headaches, biliousness and bad blood.
! y*5»_ ,-4«». Best for the Bowels. All dru«lsts, xoc, sjc, 50c. Never sold la tratt.
i f tAJajATAAjlJsiXJQ Genuine tablet stamped C C C. Guaranteed to cure or your money
' Ifvwwwwvyy back. Sample and booklet free. Address k»
Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or New York. ; j
S^fpsJ^ SIR HENRY PRICHARD !!
t §fi JPSYCHO=PALMIST }
S PRICHARD succeeds in the most intricate cases S
• where ordinary mediums fail. •
• rnrr consultation rnrr#
SI 11 I |_ It will cost you nothing to come In aad talk I I I I I 2
2? ■■ W\ tf P* It over with Prichard. and find out for yourself mm Issf ■■ ■■ •
5 111 1 what can be done. As a test he tens your I 111 I #
• 111 I name, age. whom and when you will wed. I III | A
• I I &■— I— JUDGE MEN BY THEIR WORK. I I 1 La L •
• ' In my specialty there Is no experimenting, no guesswork; every proceeding Is definite #
0 and exact, the result Is certain. It Is a duty you owe yourself, your kin, your friends. Z
that you shake off that prejudice of your mind and permit yourself access to tae 2
7 avenue that leads to a lifelong happiness and Its resultant blessings. w
w If you are Interested In .sickness, deaths, changes, travels, lawsuits, business tran- 9
• nacticns. Investments of whatever nature, wills, deeds, mortgages; If you care to know A
A what to do to be successful; If you desire to have domestic trouble removed, your ene- g
Z rnles overcome: If you wish to control or fascinate any one you know, admire or love; X
2 ln> word, whatever may be your troubles, suspicions or desire, visit Prichard. and he •
w will advise you with a certainty as to the proper course to pursue. #
0 If you want to know what a fully developed medium can do don't fall to consult 4M
0 Prichard. He Is fair and square In all of bis dealings with the public: the envy of all Z
Z pretenders: not a fortune-teller, seventh son. a veiled prophet or a wizard, but a thor- i
2 oughly developed medium, ordained to 4o what he does; he Is Indorsed by over two •
9 hundred leading occult societies, as well as by some of the most eminent people In the #
• land; this honor he prizes more than gold. Ignorance ban the way to success, prejudice A
*m closes the door to truth. * ■ JT
Z ■ If others have failed to give you the relief or advice you desire, will you at least S
• try and see what a fully developed medium can do for you? By consulting; Pilchard •- ft
• . you will learn how to preserve health, retain youth and restore lost vitality. tB I
m TOUR WISH AND OBJECT IN LIFE CAN BE OBTAIXED. A SECRET TOU 2 '*
Z RHOULP KNOW-THE POWER TO CONTROL-LIFE HOLDS FOR EVERT MAI* !
2 AND WOMAN HEALTH. WEALTH. HAPPINESS AND SUCCESS IN AU.UV. •
• DERTA KINGS. TOUK PERSONAL MAGNETISM QUICKLT DEVELOPED BY A •
• NEW METHOD. THE CONTROLLING POWER IMPLANTED IN TOUR NATURE. •
m SEEK AND LEARN WISDOM-PRICHARD TEACHES HIS PROFESSION TO OTb£ 2
Z ERS. MEDIUMS DEVELOPED IN 3 TO f MONTHS. HOURS 10 TO 7. SUXDAX !
2 M TO i. READINGS REDUCED HALF PRICE. • . . ..**** •
W TO OUT-OF-TOWN PARTIES— If you cannot calL write and sent SI. le itamn. •
9 date of birth and 3 questions, and receive correct answers by return mall. #
m All mall matter and P. O. money orders should be addressed to Sir Henry's vrtrmtm Z
gm secretary. Mr. C F. WALSH, this address. * X
T Suites U. 12. 13. 14. IS and 15H. THE YZSWCOCB, 9
2 1104 Market Street, Cor. of Turk, S
2 ; . - Nearly Opposite Zlnkand's, •
5 Up Stairs. 1st Floor—Reception Rooms 13 and 14. •
J CUT THIS OUT AND BRING THIS AD. WITH TOO FOR FREE CONSULTATION. 5
Launching: of Monitor Florida.
NEW YORK. Nov. 30.— The new moni
tor Florida was successfully launched to
day at the shipyard of Louis Nixon,
Elizabeihport. N. J. The christening was
done by Mrs. Nixon, who is a native of
Look Out for Grip
f . "-■■ ' :-■■.:■' '.'■":■■■ ::■■■-'■' "-" ' : 'V . ■•■'■_••''• ; ■■•*-■•■■■.'•.■' : :
Thousands of people in this city suffering with colds are about
to-day— to-morrow they may be prostrated with grip or pneu-
monia. -; .: . • .- '
I You know how grip has put many a man on his back for
months— how it has deprived wives and children of the comforts of
j-"; home— so look out for grip— take care lest you get it, for this is
II the dangerous season— take Halpruner's as prescribed on every
I bottle— take it conscientio usly— give it as much attention as you
.11 do your' doctors orders and your cold or your grip will be broken
I I at once. . . ;'.' '• i
I 1 Halpruner's stops discharges of the nose an<J eyes, stops sneez-
I ing, promptly relieves the throat and lungsV allays inflammation
I and fever, and tones up the whole system.
jl It cures headaches and dizziness accompanying symptoms of I
II grip, produces sleep and restores strength' to the body. I
(I There never was a medicine that cured all forms of influenza, I
II sore throat, colds and bronchial' troubles so quickly and" so
Vtblpruncrls
|l if ■■. : I Trial Treatment : Free. § I
jl To prove the remarkable merit of this wonderful medicine Dr. Hal-
II pruner gives trial treatments free, every afternoon. ■ between 1 and 4
IP o'clock, except Saturdays and Sundays, at his office, third floor, S3 Cal-
II Ifornta street.. Telephone consultation also free. Bush 483. .. .
11 All druggists should sell Halpruner's— If yours refuses to supply |
II you the Halpruner Medical MTk Co., 23 California street. Ban Fran- I
I ■ ■ clsco, will send you a large bottle by prepaid expressaga on receipt ot I
$1,00.:: :;--/-_■:_. ; "■ ; , ■■...;.■ : ■■ _ •...;■: :■;;.- 1,,
Florida. The only officials present were
the Government Inspectors and the mem
bers of the Mexican commission now here
Inspecting gunboats that are being built
for the Mexican Government. The vessel
Is of 3000 tons and Is 2S2 feet long.TELLS A STORY
OF BIG BRIBERY
Former Court Bailiff Dis
c'oses Secrets in
Chicago.
Sensational Testimony Is
Given in Ihs Sullivan
Trial.
CHICAGO. Nov. 30.— Former Bailiff
James J. Lynch, the confessed jury
briber; on whose testimony Alexander
Bafixvaa. an attorney, wras indicted for
cor.s-Tiracy. took the stand in Judgi
Smiths court to-day and immediately
launched into a story of juries which he
he had bribed in behalf of Sullivan.
Sullivan, Lynch testified, was attorney
for thc West Chicago Street Railroad
Company and represented the company
in defending damage suits. He said he
talked frequently with Sullivan in regard
to bribing juries.
"Sullivan told me.** said Lynch, "when
ever possible to get hold of an Irish Cath
olic on the jury and to tell him that the
plaintiff was an A.. P. A., and that he
should be beaten, as he was an enemy of
the church. The sums paid jurors ran
from $50 to JIM. Sometimes I bribed one
and in some cases as high as three. I
was raid the same amount, as the Juror,
but when there was more than one man
to be bought I was paid less per man."
"Can you recall where Sullivan paid
you the money for your work?" Assist
ant State's Attorney Barnes asked.
"Yes; ln the county building hall, in his
oSee and once, I remember, in the
Judge's chambers when the Judge was
out"
Counsel for Sullivan attempted to have
Lynch's testimony confined strictly to
direct evidence of a conspiracy, but they
were overruled. It is alleged that Sulll
vsn and others conspired to keep Lynch
o»t of the jurisdiction of th« Cook
County courts following the exposure of
the bailiff.
Smallpox Increases in London.
LONDON'. N/ov. 30.— At a meeting of the
Metropolitan Asylums Board to-day the
chairman said it was useless to blink at
the fact that London was probably in for
a heavy epidemic of smallpox and for
preat expense ln contending with It. Since
August 10 there had been SS7 cases noti
fied and 145 deaths from the disease. Dur
ing the past fortnight 262 fresh cases have
been reported.*
APVERTISEMEXTS. |
SICK MADE WELL,
WEAK MADE STRONG
VanfElcus Elixir of Life Discorered by
Famous Doctor-Scientist Bat tires
Every Known Ailment.
•YoncErfal Cures Are Effected That Seem
Like Miracles Performed — Tfae Secret
cf Lcng Life of Oiden Times
Baited.
he Remedy Is Free to AH Who
Send Name and Address.
After rears cf patlect stndr and delving Into
kc <lurty record cf tbe rait, as weil as fol-
bvlSZ coders exrerisiests ln the realms of
radical fdeace. Dr. Jaases W. KISd. 1S39 Flrrt
Xatloral Bask bBllilsr. Fort Warns. Ind..
makes tbe ctarUlas: announcement that be has
DR. JAMES "WILLIAM KIDD.
•are!/ discovered tbe elixir ot Hit. That he !■
able, with the al3 of a mysterious compound.
knows onljr to blnuelf. produced as a result of
the rtmxm be has epent in searching; for this
r-reclous ilfe-c* vlr.r boon, to cure *r.y and every
eisease that Is knows to tbt bumaa body.
There la do doubt cf tbe doctcr'i earnestness ln
tr.ak'.sr Us claim ad tht ' remarkable cures
that be is dally effecting s»em to bear him out
very strongly. His theory ■which be advances
Is one c? reason and based on sound experience
In a xnedlcal practice of many years. It costs
totbing to try bli remarkable "Elixir or Life,"
aa he calls It. for be sends It free, to any one
wbo Is a sufTerer. ln sufficient quantities to
convince of Us ability to cure, so there Is abso-
lutely no risk to run. Some of the cures cited
are vtxr remarkable, and but for reliable wit-
nenes would h&rdly be credited. Tbe lame
have thrown away crutches and walked about
after two cr three trials of tbe remedy. The
sick, clreo tip by borne doctors, bave been re-
stored to their families and friends in perfect
I>»a:th. Rbeumatiem. neuralcla, stomach,
h'art, liver, kidney, blood and skin dlseatei
and. bladder troubles rflcapptar as by magic.
Ileadachee, backaches, nervoucnens. fevers.
cor.Kumpticn, cough*, colds, asthma, catarrh,
bronchitis and all affections of the throat!
lunte or any vital orrans are easily overcome
tn a space of ttm« that Is simply marvelous.
Partial parallels, locomotor ataxla. dropiy.
gout, scrofula and dies are quickly and per-
manently removed. It purifies the entire sys-
tem, blood and tlrcuea, restores 1 normal nerve
power, circulation and a state of perfect health j
is produced at once. To tbe doctor all vystems
are alike and equally affected by this great
"Elixir of Life." Bend for the remedy to-day.
It is free to every sufferer. Bute what you
want to be cured of and the sure remedy for
it will be cent you free by return mail.
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S great J
OF ANATOMY*
\ %i 7 k * Iwnf Aufniia! Mu'runi to tke \
g /^rt*^*. World. »v uiiiiti or Any O4iu<ac<l i
* Km «"»" p««HI»rl|.r»r»>«l.ythfeJ'ScU '
C IgM I on the Cotu. t»t 36 ytm. O
i U*Z*l OR. J0HDAN-OI3CASES OF HEN A
a I ®PftB Coniultatios (ttt and »fil"-t1jr prirate. \
m I J&flt K (yrioroJly rr bjr letter. A M
■ % It il n /'•••'<« Ctut la trerjr caM undrfukea. T
df I Wm w r»i-for P"«>k. rmtl*O**t*MY mt A
™ H I MtrniMbK, MAILBP fUE. Uf
i (I (I raJuaUe book for ro'n) \
¥ OB. JOIlDAjr*CO..I051Mark>t8t..8. P. ¥
MRS. BONINE'S
LAWYER SPEAKS
Statement Is Made by
Defense in the Mur
der Case.
Evidence to Be Given About
the Killing of Young
Ayers. • i
WASHINGTON. Nov. 30.— The Govern
ment to-day closed its case in the trial
of Mrs. Lola Ida Bonine for the killing
of James Seymour Ayers Jr., and Attor
ney Kcene of counsel for the defense
made a preliminary statement in behalf
of Mrs. ttoniuc. It was evident from
Keone's statement that the effort would
be to show lack of motive for the shoot
ing on the part of Mrs. Bonine and to
support her plea that Ayers was killed
in a strusgle after he had tried to in
timidate her with a revolver.
The principal witness on the stand to
day was Professor Schaefer, a chemist,
who made a microscopical examination of
the wrapper worn by Mrs. Bonine on the
night of the tragedy and who said that
he found no traces of blood upon it. He
also said that he saw no blood on the
slippers which she had worn on that oc
casion.
Another witness of the day was Ayers'
father, who told of an Interview he had
had with Mrs. Bonine three or four days
after the killing. He outlined his efforts
to arouse her sympathy, but said that she
did not respond.
In his preliminary statement for the
woman Attorney Keene contended In the
beginning for due consideration of the
presumption of innocence. This, he said.
was evidence, not a mere formality. It
was not the purpose of the defense to
minimize the offense of which his client
was charged, for it was undeniable that
the tragedy had fallen heavily upon two
families. Many guests of the Kenmore
were to be Introduced, said Keene. and
he believed it would be shown that the
character of the people living there was
zood.
Keene called attention to the fact that
Mrs. Bonine was chosen as a leader in
the social festivities of the hotel and this
choice, he said, fell upon her because of
her capacity. The defense would show
that she had taught seven young men to
dance. In December a dance ot more
than ordinary importance had been given
and young Ayers had appeared there so
much Intoxicated that he was offensive to
those in attendance and Mrs. Bonine had
been compelled to ask a friend of the
young man to get him to retire. This
incident had. he said, led to some discord.
Continuing Keene said it would be
shown that in getting up the dances Mrs.
Bonine had visited the rooms of all per
sons, regardless of sex or age. who could
dance, to get them to participate. It
could also be shown that Mrs. Bonine was
fond of medicine and that this fondness
had served her ln ministering to the sick
ar.d that she did visit many of them.
Another point which would be developed
was that the relations between Ayers and
Mrs. Bonine were not suctj as to cause
them to feel unwilling to break them.
Proof would also be given that on March
4 Mrs. Bonine had reproved Ayers for
drinking and that while some coolness
resulted there was no strong feeling, as
was shown by the fact that on the Mon
day before the killing she ate icecream
with Ayers. It would also be shown, he
said, th^t on the evening before the trag
edy Mrs. Bonlne'a manner was not that
of a person with murder In her heart.
HATLROAD EARNINGS -
OVER MILLION MARK
Bio Grande Western Makes Public
a Report of Its Financial
Condition.
SALT LAKE. Utah, Nov. 3O.-The an
nual report of the Rio Grande Western
Railroad for the fiscal year ending June
SO, which heretofore has not been given
out. was received here to-day. It shows
that the gross receipts from operation
T.-cre $4,W7,2C7, an Increase of $3D«,004. The
operating expenses were $3,223,239. an in
crease of $307,230; net earnings $1,6S3 96S a
decrease of $110,626. Of the gross receipts
J3.e<3 ( 239 were from freight and $1,066,384
from passenger traffic. After providing
for four quarterly dividends of 1»; per
cent each, interest on bonded debt, taxes,
etc., there remains a surplus of '$380,313.
The report though showing a decrease
In the net earnings shows a great im
provement In the physical condition of
the road. Heavy purchases of new roil Irs
stock have been made and many miles of
rails replaced with heavy steel. Much
money has also been spent In the im
provement of the roadbed, straightening
out curves, etc. Expenditures for theso
improvements caused the Increase in
operating expenses shown by the report.
POUE MEN ABE ACCUSED
OF BOGUS BROKERAGE
Two of Them Arrested in New York
for Alleged Trifling With
Stocks.
NEW YORK. Nov. 3O.-Frank Dillon
and John F. Bennett are under arrest,
charged with operating in conjunction
with two other persons not yet arrested
in a bogus stock brokerage business un
der pretense that they were members of
the Stock Exchange.
It is charged that the men received $300,
000 from customers. According to the de
tective department they pretended to do
a brokerage bus-Incus under the name of
August Zimmerman & Co. and J. W. Pol
lard & Co.. and later. opened offices under
the name of K. L. Bennett A Co.. as pri
vate detectives and collectors. Circulars
were sent out setting forth that they had
unusual facilities for collecting claims of
all kinds, and alleging that with the send
inRr on of nil papers and proofs they could
collect dollar for dollar. Detective Cap
tain Titus said to-day that by this means
they were enabled to collect a large
amount of claims against themselves,
which they destroyed.
CUAHEEL OVER BOOK '
CAUSES TEE TRAGEDY
Man Kills n Friend and Police Are
Working on Theory of
Jealousy.
CHICAGO, Nov. 30.— George Johnson
*hot nnd killed Robert Newltt, a life-long
friend laist night. Mm. Johnson is author
ity for the Htatcment that the shootlng
camc after a quarrel over a book bor
rowed from Johnnon by Newltt. When
No wit t fell to the floor, Johnson, wearing
neither coat nor hat. rushed from tho
houso. When arrested he would say noth
ing sb to Ills motive for shootlntr hla
friend, but the police found In Newltt'a
pocicet a photoeraph of Mrs. Johnpon.
giving rice to thn theory that jealousy
might have been the underlying cauHe of
the quarrel.
Botlfmcn ramc from the name town In
England, and cach^v/as about CO years of
age.
Bank Receivership Ended.
' SAN DIEGO, Nov. 30.— By an order of
thc Superior Court to-day tho books a.nd
records of thc Consolidated' National
Bank, which went under In 1893, are to be
returned to \V. R. Rogers, who was cash
ier of the bank at the time of Its In
solvency. This decision is important, as
cases arc now pending in tho Supremo
Court In which these books and records
are of great value. A former order of
the court had directed that the books be
buried In the sea, but at the instance of
Interested attorneys this' order was re
voked and the one of to-day not only
settles the fate of the bank records but
practically clotcs the receivership of C.
II. Hale ln the bank's affairs. . '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAtL,: SUNDAY, DECEMBER 1, 1901;
DENVER'S CITY
HALL IS FIRED
Ince ndiary Blaze Causes
Loss* of On e Hundred
Thousand. '
An Employe of the Engineer's
Office Seriously Hurt by a
Falling Roof;
DENVER, Nov. 30.— A fire which started
at 6:30 o'clock this evening ■ practically
gutted the Denver City Hall, causing
dnmagc to the extent of $100,000. One man
was seriously Injured. • :
The fire Is believed to be of incendiary
origin, as it was the third that started
in the building within a few hours. The
first was discovered at 4 o'clock in tho
afternoon In thc basement of the build
ing, the second an hour later and the
third at the hour above-named. The last
fire started on the fourth floor in a store
room which was filled with paper and
other combustible material of little value.
Tho location of the fire made it a difficult
one to fight. ' . » .
The loss on the building is estimated at
570,000, furniture $5000 and on plans, in
struments and ether apparatus of the
Board of Public Works $25,000. The Insur
ance Is $72,000 on the building and $5000 on
the furniture. . ' ,
Charles Stoll, an -employe of the City
Engineer's offlce, was seriously hurt by
the falling roof while he was trying to
save some of- the records of the building.
The building was erected in 1880 at a
cost of $300,000, John D. McGllvray, now of
San Francisco, being the builder.
Sometimes a man gains by losing.
r *gg* STERLING FUftNTTUBE rgfa
//■• l^/^fj somc Music PnPlMX? Certainly. DanKcrs £R//n||
lUErT-fFm CaMnel-^tt VKJLJLIl 1 1 act^lt- whvnotvOU^ Pp=7=$f
I^M^issaaiiiaTgsBlB Better find out O wl *•-•, W**J HUljUUi I 'f" i tsis ii gj
Ullllli 1 Every merchant favors a FEW—wc
l«iililsl«B'lJ • 531 cfirit ma- Our regular terms arc accommodating enough to suit nine people SJ^^^^S
ifffltBjijHBtMjf - tifuUy y)i a cSrvcd" OUt of ten ' but if you are thc tenth P erson and shouId want s D ecial ac- Slf?@}ii)^i
g— 11 _ T 8^- -tffi panel reaches the commodation. cither as to first or succeeding payment, do not fail to let w '"f 1 *'— T**
"M ii '^-~ is?fich h l E wia>^ OUR SYSTEM ENABLES US TO ACCOMMODATE YOU IN "MM'^^SzJ
V i - 1 - I I II j_,~ jf*' French less, ad- AN AGREEABLE MANNER. AND WE'LL TREAT YOU AFTER- H L^^^ZTj
" ' Heavy French plate Mirror? 10x14 1 Inc'het. ' WARD IN A WAY TO SECURE YOUR FUTURE PATRONAGE S
and the handsome shelf above the mirror \vn TU \T r~»T7 V'/*^ttd coirvnc ■ • t ■ mn^^^^^m££^
adds much to its usefulness, aa well as to -.;. AMJ IHA1 Ot.AOUR FRIENDS. ift)^^*^****!^
its beauty. . .^- ; i - j : ' . ■ . '." •-.-■• . ■ 117 . ■ .
FIVE-PIECE P/Oa40ESUITE $29M° I |pH
T\i.ZT«k T\^t^««t ' Picture shows the suite without exag- i-J «{..„.. •
Drvan, Palenl «»«-,,. ,. ss «, «.„„„,«<. A n <»» «you seamless reversible
Rocker, Arm sn u ;s 1 i?K^ s "'" ";;"•""; $5.00 Mattintf 15c a Yard
_, € . sw. Plenty of utout cord. Rood nillngr. steel m ; ' 1? * u *****& 1»/V U I UlU
Chair Md Two XkiK. and ;: know how " arc U8Cd ln the Down and • Auk ° « bothies. and^ «,»
n *• /^« • Our parlor furniture is best, yet cheap- • mj a#v TTr - . board! . . r
Reception Chairs ■'■v^&^i^i r sss m sr P jssff t r nm^ " $1.00 a Week. -■■■:, 8old onIy by the ron at this price -
'..-■■ '' ' ~T~ ... ■ ... .., . .• — ' ..... — ; : — ; : : O ; ;5 * — : ; ■ : — ■ .
EPyro I Jpp^^^J SIDEBOARD 0 ".. : ;\ / ' , :/
Etched Wfmgmgtmmi AND CHINA •■&-
Umbrella &U3 CABINET IN ONE i w*« c\
Rack M^^^UU H fT^Wi Hi
Plenty of rain now. Nothing -bo fatal M^^r§^M*Sz£mmW I wood could be used in rich fur- °^K|'<^ Bi^Ji^?7Mf i^'Wr
to^carrcts as tho water (and dye) that | niturc of this sort. Beveled
made of Flemish oak. |l / || f^?^ ' WffjM^^^^P
carved and etched nnd has the appearance " '. *^-^^^^^l — -'jM One of the small drawers is /?Tr*.^W' Yf'l F^^fiD) •■ 'Avffiu "
of^bcinp handsomely inlaid with various • ._.-' ' 'I ~..- '. Ii rf"" divided into compartments and W^<^*^a%5^j •
Zr£™'" tachMtaa^«'"- ■ Solid Goldc r n :M<$X^ 0T ¥'■ :fl|KB .
O -. . -. % r% Wine closet below. ' / HB^3^ \r<l fe >y-»^ h
p-mTfnrTmTnp' Oak Book Case. >W^0m%m •
■KB U 1^^bS^3PHB S3 00 wide. Glass on three sides. Ad- [ri'm r - s^seggJl || fffS$$S. //'j'}Zr{\y ■
■P^St'^'^r^KiS ? h^ p * n S ug . h J It . hfl9a80ll 3 ir dclWcreV^you ° "wnic the W^r^^^^^^^
wZtfl'^Utfr ifE3u!£EWtfit'^ back and the shelves nnd . u-«\. r*i,»:<.*.«^ v\ » ~t — : — • i m
■ K-HJlw^KfSiKflJ sides are attached by hlnpcs ■ l'lace) Christmas. W f - * T ' W'
Bft-nJlJ i \JFtt^m' ; \\ ' so your bookcase oun be fold- We d be glad to have you \f' ' . v • : .\(
I . W^^/B^j^^M^^li Ii ed into «mall cbmpass. open an account with us — for - ' , V v ,- \ - VI
r . -SftUj' i i i . . «syMB W ¥/ till A neat bit of carvlnsr finishes t tT- _• __ _„,, _f „ -~~ r - «f , •' ■.•,■■■ y\\ :.' ■' ,:,-■..
Vmfm^rti?&QBbwMm\ th0 to P- P'fture tells th« th>s one ° r an V . of a sco , re of O ;
■///fimnrU' -!&*ffllKnM & - Htoryt and El1 for *3.OOJL patterns that we have to show. w ,
J^^^SSJ ? PTTfll I\Tr ?? DINNER SETS. °
- -v^lHBBE^^^aBfce^r-' I wA ssW I I I ml IT • - ' ' • ; royal flow blue dinner set of 100
4 . HM"Jh* hi a L.il'WIi'.. ' '^^ ■ I Im I I I mm M- - i'. : * / * pieces.' '. --
— - --it- — _"^ _ , » ■ ■ .-M'J II I >l I « II' '"■' V ' * Not tne usual Printed design for all the low
T-'TW-i-* _^. ' ■' ' ' •*^...^.- Js*aw JaVmjaVrtW Ja\JL !.>«»»,. ...■-. ■-. „■■ ,, price. ■' '.'." ' ' .
HIIlH «i A _f\_f\ " ■,'■■' ; ' /" :H : .■■"■•■■ ■ ■ ' '; ' Olnzo Is clear and white nnd will not check
C*i-«T^l-»-!m*«n tmf I 111 '<-' ■•■■■■■.■•- ■ r'X^¥T.l\lLt¥nn¥Jl\'¥^ ''''Bl'UB'ACANTHA'DiNNEWBET-lSyeclS
screens iPsS.vy kI I'll- nil I I IyIh !^fiwr:5B^.^a=s«afefi^
Watteau or. Rjvred Tapestries. , ; ! -PU 1111 11 UIVD I m^M'Ms^Mkf^^^M
33 lnche« wide, , 33 Inches high. . The ''; '" ' ., . O — -— - — . . . — ~O
frames are mido of solid oak, finished ; /^^/\ '1 if 1\ A AT¥7 • -* '-' ' l-\ ' '""''^ '" ' ' ' ■^'''"'' '•"
with . da,nty bit of sp,nd,e work at the 1 I I M V A 1\ V A 6l!t Ol FumitVrC-
- The tapestries are closely .woven and \J \J ifJH ixJ^I >M ""' . ->' A ©It to Family HapptlWSS.
colors^ beautifully blended. 'f hey de- , ' . >■ : .-T : .^,*' • ■ '-. ■ V M ■-. Brings; pleasant thought or the '. giver
plct the elegant beaux and dainty, shep- " , :\ tVHf\ A7f mmI.aI '-C^* ' - .' ■ ' ■ > every time you uso the Christmas-given
herdess of the Louis XIV period, others lU.V'l lV13r KCl .jL. 1 .rocker or "desk or dressinj;
show old Dutch interiors with" burom ' • *V*/ X 1TJIUI* *1.V*» , »-a»l»tj , Vou think of Christmas-makes It Christ- ;
barmaidi, and boisterous cavaliers.' ■ OfiDOSITP MrAIJI^TPTl " ' : -mw sail tho year 'round. .. o -•-
Yours while they last for... 82.OO • ■ - * r Ul»MUMIi: WCAUylalOW t : , , , •!— — : — ■; ; — 7, ■ — — — -4* '
LOST COAL VEIN
IS REDISCOVERED
Expert Locates Great
Fuel Bed in Cedar i
Mountain. ;:
Mines That Once . Supplied
; the Coast Will Again ,
v Be Developed.
Special ' Dlepatch to . The . Call.
TA COMA, Nov. 30.— The \ rediscovery of
a mammoth coal vein on Cedar Mountain
Is the latest development in the mineral
resources of Western Washington. Yearg
ago Cedar. Mountain coal was the best
known on the Pacific Coast. ■ It was usaJ
almost exclusively because of Its high
quality, its cleanliness,. Its abundance and
Its accessibility to tide water. J. M. Col
man, a Seattle pioneer, was owner of the
property. It was in Cedar Mountain coal
that he laid the foundation of his largo
fortune. .
Suddenly the vein was lost. The Col.
mans worked for months and spent thou
sands of dollars to relocate It, but with
out success,, i The property finally passed
to other hands, and nothing further was
done with it. The last purchasers were
E. L. Grondahl, vice 'president- of the
Scandinavian-American Bank, and J. A.
Moore. They employed 'T. B. Corey, a
mining engineer and coal expert, to make
a rediscovery of the lost vein. If possible.
His calculations and labors have just been
rewarded, for he has relocated and un
covered the long lost vein. It is said to
be the largest body ot clean coal so far
known on the Pacific Coast. The vein
is twelve feet thick and underlies 1M
acres in a solid field at 12,000 tons to the
CYCLONE VISITS
HAPPY VALLEY
Twister of the Kansas
v Variety Frightens
"Residents, i
Tears Up the Ground and Up
roots Trees Wherever
■^•/■fVV ; " : «It Touclres-' ' .;'•■' W:':-
REDDING, Nov. 30.— One of the m03t
remarkable cyclones recorded in Northern
California occurred last evening in Happy
Valley, ten miles southwest of Redding.
The path of destruction barely missed a
farm house and the striking point of the
hurricane looks' much like the site of a
powder .works after an explosion.
The rain slackened toward dusk and a
single black cloud floated over the valley.
It parted and one section began to revolve
Itself Into a great black funnel, which
presently began to move with great rapid*
ity. The peculiar shrieking sound fright
ened the people at adjacent farm houses.
The. funnel shot toward the house of Rev.
O. W. Burtner, sweeping so close above
It that wooden fruit trays and light lum
ber were drawn up by the suction.
The spiral cyclone touched in the
orchard a hundred yards beyond the
house. The ground was torn up as by a
terrlflc.exploslon and large trees were up
rooted. The cyclone soon spent Itself in
the woods.
acre. It Is computed that there are prac
tically 2,000,000 tons of coat in the vein.
Another vein on the same property, re
cently uncovered, contains 2,000,000 tons
more, making a total of 4,000,000 tons in
sight.
THREAT TO KILL
WOMAN DOCTOR
Lydia Strattoc, M. D., Is
Persecuted by a Col
ored Man.
ShiV Believes Him to Be
Insane and Wants Him
Arrested.
Dr. Lydia Stratton. who has offices !n
the Parrott building, secured warrants
from Judge Mogan yesterday for the ar
rest of Charles Robinson, a colored man,
on charges of disturbing the peace and
threats to kill. She was nervous and ex
cited and shrank from, the publicity that
her action might cause.
She said she first knew Robinson when
he used to call at her office, 2S7 Geary
street, to. see a colored porter, who was
his friend. Since then Robinson has been
: calling at her office repeatedly and In
sisting that she should teach him to be
a physician. If a patient Happened to be
consulting her, Robinson would bounce
Into the room unexpectedly and raise a
disturbance.
She lives at 730 Bush street, and Fri
day night he stood otus.ue the house,
using vulgar and offensive language to
the annoyance of herself and- the neigh
bors. He called her offensive names and
threatened to kill her if she came out
side. She thinks the man must be crazy.
She was compelled to give up her offlce
on Geary street owing to his persecution
and remove to the Parrott building, but
he has kept up his annoying visits there.
He was not jpnly making her suffer pain
and humiliation by his conduct, but wai
Injuring her business, aa most of her pa
tients were ladles, who could not compre
hend the man's extraordinary conduct. •
; A NEW ANNOUNCEMENT.
WONDERFUL^ HYOMEi
LUCKY MANUFACTURBRS.
Physicians can now look forward to the
coming winter without any fear or anxiety
regarding the thousands of weak-lunged
and catarrh afflicted patients under their
care". ■»•■•. •;,.'.-
Facts furnished by the Bureau of Vital
Statistics ln Washington have proven be-"
yond the least shadow of doubt that' con-
sumption Is curable, that all respiratory
diseases can be eradicated completely and
the death rate reduced wonderfully by the
use of the new remedy, HYOMEL
HYOMEI Is a dry air germicide found
In Australia, the, first one ever known
which can be Inhaled in the air - we
breathe, thc only possible method by
which the" germs of these diseases can be
reached.
LUCKY MANUFACTURERS.
Never before in the whole history of
medicine has any remedy manufacteured
for these diseases received recognition by
the United States Health Reports or been
successful in reducing the death rate ono
iota, and it Is expected that all physicians
from this time on will use this one treat-
ment and no other. Of course this means
a tremendous demand for the new germ-
icide and a fortune to tbe manufacturers,
a reward which they richly deserve.
LACK OP SUPPLY FEABED.
Undoubtedly thousands of lives will b«
saved during the coming winter through
the r.ew treatment, but as this germicide
Is only obtained in Australia and at cer-
tain seasons of the year. It is feared the
manufacturers have not a sufficient sup-
ply on hand to meet the Increased de-
mand. - ■ ■ ' '• * -' - - *
All of those who . are afflicted with
cough3, catarrh or consumption should,
therefore, obtain an outfit of HYOMEI
from their druggists at once, or send to
THE R. T. BOOTH CO.. Ithaca, N. Y.,
for a free sample of the new/emedy.
The B. T. Booth Co., Ithaca,' N. Y.
OCEAN TRAVEL. : __ :
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers - leave Broadway
■^^ "Wharf. San Francisco:
For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m.,
MMWlL Dec I. 7, 12. 17 Z2. 27. Jan. 1.
BBTtftfvft Change to company's steam-
' iHlilni era at Seattle.
MBm^JVtQ] for Victoria. Vancouver (B.
#^bsk£BbU C). Port Townsend. Seattle.
if- Tocoroa. Kverett and J»'<*r
wnatcom <Wasb.>— U a. m..
Dec 3 7 12. 17. 22. 27. Jan. L Cnan«e at Se-
attle .for' this company's steamers Alaska
and O N. By.: at Seattle or Tacoma forN.
P Ry.: at Vancouver to C.P. Ry.
„ For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m., Dec.
'Fo"r San bleko. 'stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Lo» Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
K eles)— Stramer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. ra-
Steamer State of Cal.. Wednesdays 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harf ord (San
Loula Obl«po>. Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Cen-
tura. Huetwme East San Pedro. San Pedro
nnd Xewport— Steamer Corona, Saturdays. .»
"'For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Josj dej
Cabo. Muzatlan. AltaU La Pa*. Santa Rosa-
lia and Geaymas (Mex.)— 1> a. m.. :th of each
For further Information obtain the company's
The "company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing; days and hours cf.. sailing
without previous notice. ' .' ..
TICKET OFFICE— « New Montgomery
street (Palace HotM>. . ' ■- ' • • .
GOODALL. PFRKIXS & CO.. <5«n. Agents,
10 Market st..' San Francisco. '
O. R.(ft/if.CO.
Only Stmn.xnmii.l-p Xj1x»* tc» . '
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
- point* East. Through Tickets to all
points, alt rail or steamship and rail, at
XjO'WZZJbHZ' rt^VT3i333»
STSAMZB TICXET3 ISCLCDS BXETEaai MEAU.
SS. COLUMBIA F*ll«....Dec 4. 11 24. Jan. I.
ES. GEO. W. ELDER '
Palls Nonr. a. Dec *. 19. 59
Fteamer •ailn from foot of Spear st.. 11 a. in.
P. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Montf y. 8.F.
AMERICAN LINE.
nrv Tom. bottt HAmrroj. tossra. rxxxx j
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound. ■
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. ra.'
St. Paul DecUISt, Paul. ........ .Jan. .1
St. Louis Dec. lH Zeeland .........Jan. "•
Philadelphia ....Dec. 25|St. Louis.... Jan. 13
RED STAR LINE.
N«w York arid Antwerft, ;
From New York Wednesday at 12 noon. -
Friesland Dec 11 1 Kensington Jan. 1
Southwark ......Dec. ISl'Zeeland Jan. •
• Vaderland Dec. 23i Friesland Jan. IS
'Stopping at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.. :
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Paclflc Coast. SO Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL. LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA, and HOSGKOXO, calllnx -ae
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki ■. and Shanghai: and
connecUn« at Hongkon* w»tn »team«rs top
India, etc.: No carso received oa board oa
d*y of nlHnr.' ' "~ • " _
6.5. NIPPON MART7.....
Wednesday. December U. 1W1
B.S AMERICA MARU *
Saturday. January 4. 1901
8.3 HO.NGKONO MARU
Thursday. January SO. 19O
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. lor
freight and passage apply at company's offlc*.
421 Market street, corner First. .
W. H. AVERT. General Agent,
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Gia Sad Americana dsVapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American .ports. Sailing from How-
ard X Pier 10. 12 m. • . -
CHILE (Twin Screw).. TXTCAPEI* Dec 21
Dec. 7AREQCIPA Jan. 4
These steamers are built expressly tor Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama). Freight
and passenger office. 318 California street.
BALFOUR, GUTnRIE tk CO.. Gen. Agents.
Oceaiflcs.8.co.SSsi
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samci. Aucklan!
and Sydney Thursday. Dec S. 10 a. ra.
SS. ALAMEDA. for' Honolulu
Saturday, Dec 14, t p. ra. ,
S3. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti |
• Jan. 4. "03. W> a. m.
J. 0.SHEBOS k BIOS. CO.. Sura insts. 127 lariat tt
Wl Psstnjv Otto, 843 Hartst St., flcr lo. 7. PaoSe tt
PANAMA R. R. "BS-/
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. $105; Steerage. $40; Mtfals Free."
S. S. Arfcyll calls Monda/. Dej. 9
6. 6. Leclanaw calls Saturday, res. SI
8. 6. Arftyil . catla
From Howard-street wharf (Pier 10). at 2 p. ra.
Freight and Panseager Offlce. 330 Market st.
F. K. CONNOR. Pacinc Coast Agent.
00XPAQ9I3 CINISAL I XXAN5ATLAHTIQQ1
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE.PARI3. .^.^- .
Salllne every Thursday, instead of <a^^m
Saturday, at 10 a. m., trom pier 42. mHbsssbsI
North Klver. foot of Morton street.
I'Mrst class to Havrj. $70 and upward. Second
elasn to Havre. J4J and upward. GENERAL
AQENCT FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-*:
ADA, 13 Broadway (Hudson building). N«w
Tork^ J. F. FUQAZI A CO.. Padflo Coast "
Agents. 6 Montgomery avenuo. San Francisco.
Tickets i old by all Railroad Ticket Agent*.
•BAY AN3> RIVER .STTiATyTRRS..
FOR U, S. HAVMAR3 AND VAILEJ]
"Sttamm 0E.1- FRISBI3 or MONTICSLLO '
»:4S a. m., 3;li and S.iO p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday. »:45 a. in.. 8:30 p. m. .- Learea
Vallejo 7 a. .m.. 13:39 noon. < p. la., except
Sunday* Sunday. T a. m.. 4:13 p. m. Fire M
cents. Telsphon* Mala 13C&. LanillD< and
otnc*. pi«r t MlMlon-strett dock. MATCH i
SROS.
3132
WEST POINT CADETS DEFEAT ANNAPOLIS ON THE GRIDIRON
RANK OUTSIDERS CUT WIDE SWATH
IN THE MUDDY GOING AT OAKLAND
EVEN with a card that would not
bear too careful scanning and a
big fog: bank thrown In to boot,
the Saturday crowd at Oakland
track showed no apparent dimin
ution. The track was In muddy condi
tion and rank outsiders In the betting
bucked the line for four touchdowns,
each of which kicked a blgr hole In the
bank rolls of the smart division. Fog;,
thick and Impenetrable, obscured nearly
all view of the last three races.
Always a great favorite with the gen
eral public, but apparently forgotten
during the speculating on the fifth num
ber. Horton. the little red horse, fairly
valued In at odds of 7 to L The supposed
•wise money was divided between Sea
Lion and Hungarian, each closing at 8 to
I. Sea Lion made the running, turning
Into the straight for home with Hoar on
Horton at his throatlatch. There was no
outfootlng the latter from there on, for
he gradually forged to the front, winning
by two lengths. Blrkenruth. astride Graf
ter, a 20 to 1 chance, caught the tiring
Sea Lion, securing the place. Hungarian
proved a dismal failure for such a hot
one off the coals.
Always very much In evidence over a
muddy track, Invlctus. a 44 to 1 chance,
•with Fauntleroy up. made a runaway
race of the Introductory sprint, winning
by two lengths. Mounce on the favorite.
Searchlight, had to thread his way
through the bunch and was led out for
the place by Mike Rice. Ruli rode the
latter, and the old gelding showed
marked Improvement.
Rollick, from the Burns & Waterhouse
ctable and a 4 to 5 favorite, lasted to
within a few yards of the wire In the
second race, and was then downed a neck
by The Miller, a 10 to 1 shot. "Handrid
lng" Kelly rode the latter, exercising
good Judgment, and made a well-timed
move. Mounce had the leg up on Torslna,
and but» for being cut off twice while try-
Ing to get through In the stretch would
have won. The mare finished a bang-up
third. .
On her recent clever win. George Bald
win's filly Louwelsea. with Bullman In
the saddle, had first call In the betting
on the two-year-old event. She was
prominent to the head of the stretch and
then began falling back. Larry Daly then
went, on with Sir Lewis, a 13 to 1 shot,
beating Halnault five lengths at the wire.
Commissioner Forster dropped along
from the rear, securing show honors.
With his corkscrew legs and all Flo
ronso, an even money favorite, scored his
third win In the slx-furlong spin, fourth
to be decided. Mocnce waited with him
to tbe stretch and then ran over Tlburon
and Mocorito. The last named mare out
stayed Tlburon, taking the place by a
head.
Nearly everything and anything that
started In the closing mile selling affair
■were cuoted at 4 to 1 by the ring, the
most coin perhaps being played on Her
culean. Plohn. Wyoming and Sunello.
Mounce. on Sugden. issued from the fo*
first and in a driving finish won from
•Herculean by. half a length. Plohn found
the route too far, but succeeded in get
ting the show.
Track Notes.
Mounce was the only rider to pilot two
wiener*.
Sunello got mixed up In a bumping
xr.atch poon after the start.
Midnight Chimes, which has always
been knocking at the gate, made a poor
showing In the fourth event.
Mike Rice ran a vastly improved race
•with Kulz in the saddle. Vittatoe rode
the old peldinsr the previous time out.
Noihir.fr but bad racing luck beat Tor
fina. Mounce was pocketed while trying
to get through at the head of the stretch
tad again below the eighth pole Parsifal
gave the mare a bump that proved fatal
to her chances.
Louwelsea must have been run short.
There was no apparent -reason for the
mare stepping as the did.
COMMISSION MEN
ON THE DIAMOND
Defeat the Produce Ex
change Team by Score
of 8 to 5.
Two baseball nines m?'ie up of clerks
In the wholtiale district struggled' for
supremacy at Sixteenth and Folsom
streets yeste>rday. One team represented
tbe commission merchants and the other
the Produce Exchange. Seven Innings
EoSced to settle all old scores. Tbe com
mission merchants won out by 8 runs
to their opponents' S. They apparently
had plenty more up their sleeves to
shake out Into the fog. The captains an4
umpire held a conference and decided
that any more of the fun would become
serious business both for players and
epectators..
The field would have been fairly good
for football, but for baseball it was not
what It ought to hav* be«n. A UtUe lake
<mt In center field by some peculiar fa
tality drew all the flies that stared In
that direction. The r«-Vt of the field wr»
mud, except whfre patches of sawdust
made the produce and commission ' b>jy«
feel as If they w* re on their native heath.
PasUne. *«rcon«J baae for the merchant*,
was the only player rightly dr#-*s«*d for
the occasion, and his high-topped foot
gear at once won for him the sobriquet
of "Boots" Pasten*.
The merchant* found Walsh, the prod-
•a»o»««oote«9«tooo«c««
( ) t£j BBBBsr~^"^5 S
i I BBB^BBBBBr^"^S^^S^BB»S^B^^^^^^^^^^
1 1 Coasting adds to th- p -a ure
• of cycling, especially wh.-n #
• mounted on a reliaMc bi yclr. •
" j J TRIBUNE oi* CLEVELAND. < ►
.\\ $35.00 and $40.00. < \
\\ '- SS.OO extra for Coaster Brake. \ \
B Large assortment of Boys' and S
5 Girls' Wheels, $20, $22.50 *
• 2nd $25. •
: LeavittftBill, ,1
• -309 Larkin St^ f
S o«kUn. > San **¥*«■•• •
8»— ••••••••••••••—•
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
OAELAJnPRACETBACK— Saturday. Nov. 30.— Weather cloudy. jTrackmuddj-.
2908. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; idling; three-year-olds and up; value to first, S325.- , ■/■■:
' ■ .. ... " ' ••• ■ • ■ ~~" I Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Wt. St. H. X. Btr. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CM.
2SM Invlctus, 3 109 2 11 12 In 12 James" Wilson. ...Fauntleroy S 7-1
SSS9 Mike Rice, a 117 1 2n 2 1 2u 2 2 T. E. McLaughlln Ruts 3 9-2
28S1 Searchlight. 6 114 3 54 4 h 3n 32 H. P. Goldstein Mounee 7-5 13-10
2*58 Casdale. S ...114 6 3 1 6 h 5 1 4 3 J. Hamilton & Co..Vlttatoe « 20
<I.3S) Talma. 4 ....Ill 7 75 65 61 51 P. McAuliffe See 15 30
2SS1 Alas, 4 Ill 4 6H 720 76 62 H. C.\ Ahlers...J. Matthews 8 15
2554 Klnaldo. 6 Ill 5 41 3h 41 76 William Cahlll .....Hoar 6 15
2591 On Time. 3 106 8 8 8 8 8 J. D. FlUgerald... i.'.V. Prior 30 100
Time— M. :23K: H, :50H: K. 1:174. Good start. Won easily. Second nnd»thlnf driving. Win
ner, James Wilson a blk. h. by Inspector B-Iowa. Winner always a clever mudlark, but
elusive as the little pea under the shell. Mike Rice set his alarm clock at an earlier hour.
Searchlight sputtered and went out Ca«dale will bear watching. Alas no account. ..
_ Scratched— Gold Baron 111. ... • • - • -~
2OOP. SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up: value to first, 1323.
_ . I • . Betting.
Index. Horse. Age, Wt. St. 4. ' £. Str. Fin. . Owner and Jockey. Op.-^Cl. .
SSM The Miller, 6.. .....113 1 2 4 32 t\ In G. P. McNeil ;F. Kelly 6 .' 10
1.03 Rollick. 3 104 1, In In 1H 21 Burns & Waterhse...O > Nell 4-5 4-5
2S96 Torslna. a ..109 6 64 1 44'4*4 3n O. Summers & Co. .Mounce 3 11-5
2S9< Parsifal. 3 ,106 '4 - 4 2 - 2 n 3 1/ 4 12 J. D. Fitzgerald .Prior 15' 30
2»6 . Quiz II. 3 ..1(M 2 »4." 66 ' 55 58 J. M. Crane Burke 6 9
2595 Billy Lyons. 3.. ....104 5 6 t 6 6 Hennessy & Co......L. Daly _60_ l _100
Time— K. :5W4: 4. :50; »«, 1:17. Good. start. Won first three driving. Winner, O. P. McNeil's
b. g. by Kylo-Queenie. Kelly on winner outflnlshed the lighter boy. Torslna twice cut oft
_from head of stretch. She should have won. Parsifal ran a nice race. Quiz quit.
29 1O. THIRD RACE— Futurity course; selling; two-year-olds; value to first. $325. • '
Index. Horse and Weight. St. 4. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. "erf .
2906 Sir Lewis US 5_3h 11 14 15 M. Daly .L.Daly 10 IS
2555 Halnault .M15 8 V 5 1 3h 2 4 2 2 E. I.anlgan Hoar 5 9-2
(2S6S) Com. Forster US 9 9 72 5535 J.W.Schorr J. Woods 4 5
2SS5 Dr. Scharff 118 7 64 61 4h 44 J. W. O'Neal & Co.. Spencer 5 9-2
2SSS Flourish 115 3 21 5 1 61.65 H. J. Wilson.. .J. Matthews • 20 2*
2S99 Porous US 1 44 82 72 64 L. A. Blaslngame... Mounce 6 9-2
(ISSX) LouweUea 113 2- In. 2 1 3 li 7 5 G. W. Baldwin Bullman 2 9-5
2863 Sllva Crux IIS 4 7 n 4 2 8 10 8 10 E. J. Baldwin & Co..Rannm 12 20
.... Ingo us 6 82 9 9 9 W. H. Ketcheman... Adams 60; 60
Time— To H. :22V4; to 4. :4S4; last %. 1:034: short \. 1:134- 'Good start. Won first three driv
ing. Winner,. M. J. Daly's ch. c. by Loyalist- Endurance. Sir Lewis In better luck to-day.
Halnault made a fine run from the rear. Forster a very alow beginner. Flourish did not
run a poor race. Porous failed to etlck. Louwelsea ran well to stretch and then an awful
explosion occurred.
2011. FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
Index. Horse. Age. Wt. St. 4. %■ Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op' "ci.
< 55 ) r loroM °. • 1M 5 ... 4 1 14 11 P. McGulre Mounce 6-5 1 i
2SS9 Moeorito. 6 114 3 ... 2 4 3 4 2h J. Wells J. Woods ! 4 5
2fl T^V.™^ S U1 x "• 1 1 J h » * Egbert & Co.. ..Blrkenruth 3 18-5
2592 Nellie Forest. 3.. ..110 7 ... 6 2 4 3 4 5* \V. P. Magrane & Co.. Bull 6 12
2S34 Clarando. 5 114 6 ... 3 1 5 3 5 4 K. M. Borchert.... Ransom 15 20
"•» Afghan, a Ill 4 ... 5 2 6 2 6 2 C. Llnd Spencer 5 S
SS.2 Censor 3 112 8 ... 8 7 2 72 J. Rothert : See 20 30
2596 [Midnight Chimes. 4.117 8 7 2-8 8 Joseph Malden.J. 4 10
Time— 1:16%. Good start. Won earllv. Second and third driving. Winner. P. McGulre's b
g. by Fonso-Florence C. Tlburon made a good bid,' but winner was only galloping from
"Sf 1 :. Mocorll<> fancies sloppy but not sticky going. Too speedy for Nellie Forest. Arhgan .
■will do soon. Censor no account. Chimes ran a bad race.
2012. FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs: selling; three-year-olds and up: value to first, $325. -
Index. Horse. Age. Wt]St. 4- %. Str, Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op""?!*.
2SST Horton. 5 UO J 31 23 14 12 J. McGovern Hoar 7-2 7
2£M Grar Vf' 3 ; W2 , * 5 W 4 10 24 22 L. A. Blaslnrame.Blrkruth 10 2)
»00 Sea Lion. 6 110 2 1 h lb 3 4 3m Caesar Youn*....J. Wood. 7-5 8-3
(IS91) Hungarian. 5 10« 1 14 32*420 420 George W. Miller.. Mounce 2 8-5
SSSO Rio Shannon. 4.. ..110 5 4 4 5*5 5 J. Coffey ........ ".Bullman 47
Time-l:31. Good start. Won easing up. Second and third driving, winner. J. McGovem's
ch. h. by El Rayo-FuMllade's Last. Hungarian was absent to-day. Sea Lion first Into
stretch, but hard pressed and alt out. He has gone back. Shannon needs a rest Grafter a
good mudlark. Scratched— Bob_Palmer 100. '•*""
2013. SIXTH RACE-One mile; selling; three-year-olds and up; value to first. M25.
Index, j Horse. Age. Wt. St. H- 4- Btr. Fin. | Owner and Jockey. o2! U *ClV'
(?SS4) ISugden. 5 109 5 lh 2 14 1 4 1 4 W. H MeNames... Mounce STTi
2S95 Herculean. -4 109 7 14 II 24 2 4 O. Summers & Co. J.Wooda 3 9-2
2901 Plohn. 4 W 4 5 1 lh 3 1 34 P. Ryan Hlrkenruth < 4
V*: Wyoming, a. 11! 3 3 4 6 4 2 4 8 J. G. Brown & Co..8pen"er 6-2 4
<2S97) ISunello. 4 10? 6 7 5h 5 1 64 M. Stom /..O'Connor 3 9-*
2<C77 Meropi.. 5 109 161 7 6 2 6 4 F. D. WVIr -Hoar 6 91
SM7 iThe. Singer. 4 110 2 2 4 4 4 7 -7 W. P. Magrane & Co.. Hull 10 IS
Time— l:45Vi. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. W. II MeNames' ch tc bv fit
Leonards-Lucella. Winner well ridden. Herculean did hjs best. Plohn could have won at
six furlongs. Wj-omlnr does not like muddy footing. Sunello badly bumurd at first turn
Merops must have got his feet wet.
Kelly, who rode The Miller, was known
hero last spring as "Haudridlnjf" Kelly.
The- bey rode with some success East the
past season.
Fixtecn bocks cut In yesterday, a fall
ing off of three.
Barney Schrelber was not long on the
cround before being offered a position.
Frank Bain, who once rode for Barney
and later was employed as a clerk by the
uc«» pitcher, an easy mark from the start
and most of them smashed the samples
that he spread out for them good and
hard. They took a lead of two In the
first inning. The produce men tied the
ecore in the second. In the third the
commission men lurched ahead two more
and led during the remainder of the
game.
The heavy fos settled down In the sev
enth, and when the merchants came to
came to bat In what was to have been
the eighth inning they went up to the
plate In droves and hit at every ball they
saw floating around In the fog. When
ever a ball was hit the fog made It good.
The produce men Mad to use foghorns on
the bases and siren whistles out In the
field. Finally Umpire Frank Esola came
in out of the *wet and said the side was
out. and then everybody agreed It wasn't
necessary to play any more and that the
five runs made by the commission Jug
glers in the half inning should not be
counted.
The line-up of the teams was as fol
lows:
Commission Merchant* — Smith (raptaln).
catcher: D. Walker, pitcher: Beardsley. first
base; Pa»trne. itecond base; Stevens, third
bare: McG«: shortntop: F. Walker, riftht field:
Khortall. corit-r Held; IloUnder, left field.
Produce Exchange— Spllvalo, catcher; Walnh,
pltrher; Mills, first base; Gates, second base;
Murphy, third base; Ituke (captain), shortstop;
Dally, rlcht field; Taylor, center field; Henno.
left OeM.
Following is the score by Innings:
12 2 4 5 6 7
Commission Merchants 2 0 2 0 11 2—8
Produce Exch«nire 0 2 0 110 1-5
Umpire— Frank Esola. Scorer— II. F. Har
rington.
Closing Day. at Benniags.
WASHINGTON. Nov. M.— This was the clos
ing day at lU-nn\ns%. Summary: >
First race, five and a half furlongs— Delmarch
won. AdMalde Princess second, Lknd-pf Clover
third. Time. 1:10. ,
Becond race, Ove furlongs— Cornwall won, Hot
second. Almlrk third. Time, 1:03 1-5.
Third race, cteeplechase, about two and ' a
half miles — Conover won. Cbnlllo second, Jim
M<-aibbrn third. Tlm»?. t:16. • - . '..-
Koarth r«e». the H^cond Maximum, three
mll'-i'. pur** 1 $1.100— Carbuncle won. Surmise sec
ond. Dick Furber third. Time. S:2S.
Fifth rac«. s%ven furlongs— Pigeon Post won.
Flora Pomona secomlT Death third. Time,
1:23 1-S.
Sixth race, mile and a • hundred yards— Lee
King won. Astor second, Lizzie A third. <Tlme,
l:S0 7-S.
NEW ORLEANS, Nov. 30.— Kummary: •
First race, selling, seven furlongs— Boom? rack
won, Rlren Song second, Sylvan third. Time.
1:27%.
Second race, fire furlongs— Postillion won.
Dolce Far Nlente second. Lingo third. Time.
1:01%.
, Third race, steeplechase, short course— Bristol
won, Sauber second, Dlvertlsement third. Time,
3.07V4. -
Fourth race, Magnolia nelllng stake*, one tplle
— B. O. Fox won, Andes second, Petit Maitre
third. Time.. 1:40. ' /
Fifth race, selling, seven furlongs— Velma
Clark won, Tbe Burn second. Fake third. Time,
1:27.
Klxth race, selling, one mile and a half —
Deloralne won. Uncle Tom second. (Swordsman
third. Time, 2:26',{. .
Sport Vasco To-Day.
Sport Vasco, the fascinating Spanish
ball game, will be played for the first
time this afternoon at Central Parki
Game will be called at 2 p. m. Ticket^
that were Issued for the postponed
Thanksgiving day game will be honored
this afternoon If presented at the gate.
The reserved seat coupons will also bo
changed. An invitation practice game
was held yesterdaj> and quite a large
number of people were present, all. of
whom seemed to take great delight In the
game.
Misfortune often brings out one's good
point that ought to nave prevented It.
THE SA!N FR^
St. Louis bookmaker and breeder. Is now
making book at Oakland with "Red"
Comerford as blockman. Bain Is reported
$6000 ahead of the game, and when Schrei
ber reached the track he was n'otine 1
that Bain had a position open for him.
Barney saw into the Joke, and sent word
back that he was a "high priced guv"
and would accept nothing less than $25 a
day. This.was too rich for Bain.
FOG OBSCURES
THE COURSING
Many Trials Are Cub Off
From the View of v
■ '; -Spectators.
A thick fog hung over Union coursing
park field yesterday afternoon. As a re
sult but few complete courses were wlt
nesred by the spectators. The misty
weather, though, rcemed to have an ex
hilarating effect on the hares, for despite
the forced short slips they maintained
their speed and gave their pursuers many
hard, long runs.
The talent had a good day and picked
all but nix of the forty courses correctly.
The pikers came In for* a couple of long
shots. Knvanaugh'n Maybe Kind helped
them to the tune of 10 to 1 In her go with
the Imported courser Representative. The
local dog on leaving the slips ran un
sighted, but when she joined In she put
up a grand exhibition and cleverly out
worked her opponent. .. •
Then Fenll, on. whom the talent had put
up 6 to 1, ran a losing course to Fly by
Night. ' . v, [ ,_
In the open stake Sacramento Doy look*
the best do? on the top of the card, while
Cold Shivers at the bottom In a strong
candidate for honors. F.cry Face and
Roman Athlete are likely outside chances.
Palo Alto is equal favorite with Rector
for the champion event. The day's re
sults' -with ' Judjre John, Grace's official
scores follow: • , : . .-. ,' • ■ ■
* B. Sllva's . Master Rocket * beat George
Knight's Shadow, 7-3; M. Lawlor'i Glen Coe
beat McCarthy & Vina I'd Prairie Princess, 14-4:
P. M. Clarkson's Kofala beat A. It. Curtis'
Fly by Night. «-fi; flterl & Knowles' Cold Shiv
ers beat J. M. Halton's May Hempstead, 12-2:
P. M. Clarkson's Prompto beat McCarthy ft
Vlnal's Prairie Maid. . 16-7: Pasha Kennels'
Rural Artlut beat M. H. Kavanaugh'a SwedlKh,
10-7; George Nethercott's Freda C beat J. Hur
ley's Oramercy, 11-7: A. R. Curtis' Kibosh beat
J. H. McDuffle s Sally Iirass. 12-8; H. Lynch's
Mcrrlmac beat Sterl & Knowles' Sleety Mint.
18-4; W. C. de I). Lopez's P li beat J. Kelley's
Governor Mack. 14-4; George Sharman's Gold
Bug beat W. II. Robinson's Fred Freedom,'
11-4; I). J. Healey's Tapioca beat Kelley **
Hanley's Naughty ■ Girl, 7-2; Pasha Kennels'
Fiery Face beat R. Watson's Bull Durham,
6-0; P. Doyle's Thelma beat W. H. Robinson's
Rensle Freedom,- 10-1: T. J. Mclnerney'a.Nora
beat W. C. de B. Lopez's The' Levlte, 21-11;
P. M. Clarkxon's Golden Garter beat Pasha
Kennels' ■ Rich Argosy, fi-4; A. VanrtMwhlte's
Flora McDonald beat James /Connelly's' New
Moon, 10-8; Pasha Kennels' Roman 'Athlete
beat Chlarlnl Bros.' Tame Traiee, 13-8; George
Sharman's Firm .Fellow heat II. Lynch's
Clarice, 2-2: T,'J. Cronln's Tralee Boy beat
W. H.- Robinson's Lord Freedom. 14-1; J. M.
Carroll's Master Clalr beat P. Doyle's Liber
ator, 3-1: J. H.' W. Muller's Cnilstr' beaV J."
Hurley's Living PJrture, 7-6; M. B. Kava
naugh's May be Kind beat W. Chetham's Rep.
Teseirtatlve, 12-10; Chlarlnl Bros.' Santonin beat
W. H." Robinson's Jack Freedom, 6-0; E.
Geary's Fenll. a bye^ A.^-R. Curtis' Leola beat
W. Cide B. Lopez's Courage, 18-7; Pasha Ken
nt-ls' Royal Archer beat M. Nealon's Agamem
non, 6-6; D. J. Healey's Elista beat T.' J.
Cronln's Rambler, 30-3;, D.J. Healey'n Kvan
gellne beat D. CahlU's Maid o' Gowrle, 8-1;
Kelley A Hanley's Lunmngh Lass beat P. Trai
ner's My Selection, 22-12; L. F. Bartel's Best
Bargain beat G. Welch's Little "Lucy, 8-1; J.
M. Carroll's Auckland beat J, D. Cardlnell's
Jeslby/ 10-8; A. R. Curtis Vulcan-beat J. H.
rerlgo's Faraway, 10-8; W. 'C. Olasson's Lady
Sears beat P. a Meharry*i Roxana, * 6-0; < H.
Lynch'* Lilac beat J. Dempsey's Jingle Bella.
4-0; A. R. Curtis', Loyal Lad beat W. H.;Rob
lnson'a Annie ; Freedom, £2-3; . Pasha 'Kennels'
PLAY BAD BALL
IN A THICK FOG
Sacramento Defeats the
;v Oakland Team in a v
Slow Game. V
All the v , Players Shew, an
'End-of-the-Season Lack
• ■ . .1 of Interest. ' ■'■' «".
Umpire "Rube" Levy "called" what
purported to a baseball, game yesterday at
Recreution Park in, the Hi at half of the
eighth Inning, The fog. which hud hung
over the. Held during* me afternoon, set
tled down on the players in the seventh
Inning. It was almost impossible to d.s
tinguish the tielders. 1 ne players warned
the same called in the seventh, but Levy
ordered them to continue. • ■
In the next Inning Devereaux Bent the
ball out to Dui\leavy at center field. Tne
umpire called Devereaux out, although
Dunleavy dropped * the ball, something
Levy did not see. In the midst of some
Joking, over the incident the game was
called. '.■■-• ..'•■'■
The players" on both teams performed
their duties In" u perfunctory manner.
Sacramento Won by a score of 5, to* 1.
Four of the Senators' runs were made in
the opening Inning, the first four men up
scoring on a home run hit by Courtney.
Flood and Sheehan singled. Stanley got a
pass to first, and then Courtney cleared
the bases with his timely hit.
Courtney scored the Senators' other
run In the fifth. He singled, went to sec
ond on 1 1 offer' h sacrifice and came home
on Davis' single.
Eagan was the only man to score for
Oakland. In the fourth he singled and
just beat the bail home after a two
bagger by Babbitt. The score:
OAKLAND.
:■■<" AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mohltr. Jb 3 0 10 2 4 0
Francka, es 4 0 0 0 6 2 1
Dunleavy. c. f... ...'•. 4 0 10 2 0 0
Strclb. r. f a 0 1 0 0 0 0
Easran. lb 3 1 0 0 11 0 0
Babbitt. 3b 3 0 1 0 0 .2 •>
Hamilton. 1. f 3 0 0 0 10 0
Hanson, c... 3 0 1110 0
Schmidt, p 2 0 0 0 0 SO
Totals 28 1 5 1 K2 13 1
SACRAMENTO.
' AB. It BH. 8B. PO. A. E.
Flood. 2b 3 110 2(0
Sherhan, 3b 4 13 0 0 0 0
Stanley, c 2 10 0 4 10
Courtney, c. f 4 2 2 0 3 0 0
llort^r. r. f 3 ' 0 1 1 2 0 ' 0
Davis. lb..t..... 4 0 2 0 8 0^ 0
Mclaughlin. 1. t 3 0 0 0 10 0
Devereaux. ■■ 2 0 0 0 3 2 0
McNeely, p 3 0 0 0 10 0
Totals 2S 5 t 1 24 7 0
•One out In eighth when game wan called.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 0 0 0 10 0 0 0-1
Haa* hits 0 0 1 S 1 1 0 0— F
Sacramento 4 0 0 0 10 0 •— 6
Uase hltt 4 0 1 1 2 1 0 •-»
/ SUMMARY.
Runa responsible for— Schmidt 8, McNeely 1.
Home run— Courtney. Two-ba«e hlt»— Babbitt.
Pheehan. Sacrifice hit— Hoffer. - First ba»e on
errors— facramrnto 1. Flrat base' on called
balls— Oakland 1. Sacramento S. Urft on bates
—Oakland t>. Sacramento , 8. Struck out— By
MeNeely 4. Hit by pitcher— Mohler. Stanley.
Double Dlays— Franrks to Mohler to Kaftan;
Flood to Devereaux to Davis. - Time of game—
1 hour and 20 minutes. Umpire— Levy.- Offi
cial scorer— McFarlln. "•- ; •• .'• -.-;
Wasps Win in the South.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 30.— The Ban
Francisco team tried Simons, a new
pitcher, to-day, and he proved effective
throughout nine Innings of listless ball.
Los Angeles seemed to have lost all
knowledge of batting, and with the excep
tion of Householder, Klhm and Bowman
their futile attempts to connect with the
sphere. wore amateurish. Altrock was hit
freely. Atherton at second base distin
guished himself in fielding several diffi
cult liners. Score:
. . . LOS ANGELES.
• . . AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. K.
Bowman, rf. 5 0 1 0 3 0 0
Hemphlli. If 4 0 10 10 0
Atherton. 2b 4 0 0,0 2 4 0
Householder, cf. .... 4 1 2 1 2 1 0
Klhm. lb 3 0 1 0 9 0 0
Hall. 2b.. 3 0 0 0 12 0
Kelly, s. ■ 4 0 0 0 3 2 1
8ple«. c 3 10 13 0 0
Altrock. p 3 0 10 2 0 1
Totals M 2 « 1 n % 1
SAN FRANCISCO. .
v AB. n. BH. 8D. ro. A. E.
Xordyke. 3t>. & s. s. 4 2 2 0 1 5 1
Wllfon. lb 3 1 1 0 14 0 0
Hililclirand. If. .... 4 1 2 0 1 0 0
»Schwart»; 2b. 4 0 0.0 0 2 1
Pnbdt. cf 4 0 0 14 0 0
Hio-khoff. s. s. & ib. 4 0 1 0 2.5 1
'Gmham, c .4 0 0 0' 2 0 0
Whalen. rf. . .» 4 0 0 0 S 10
Simons, p 2 10 0 0 10
Totals 13 JL, 6 1 27. 14 3
HUNS AND HITS BV INNINGS.
Lou AngrUs .JO 0 10 0 10 0 0-3
%\&n> hits 0 0 0 0 2 2 0 1 l-«
San Francisco ...0.0- 0 2 0 10 2 0—5
liase hits 0*0 0 2 0 2 0 10-6
SUMMARY. *
Run* responsible for— Altrock 2. Simons 1.
Threo-bfise hit— Klhm. Two-base hits— House.,
holder :. Sacrifice hits— Kihm. Altrock an>l
'AVIlsnn. First bare on errors— Los -AnitMen a,
Run Francisco 1. First base on called balls-
I*os Anroltn 2, Han Francisco 1. Left on bnsM
— lx>s Ancrles t.<, Snn Francisco 3. ■ Struck out
— By Al'ro-k I. Ky Simons 1. Time of game—
1 : 40. ■ Umpire — Hnrr*-r r.-r-iviVi'V 1^ :■ . =
IEW COLFEBS ABE OUT ■ - ' '
OH PRESIDIO LINKS
Cnklanders 3*TU1 Hold First Contest
■for the Ooodali Cup Next Satur
:■;■:•■;■■>:■;. day at' Adams Point. ',;.-« 7"\
Though a few' players were out yester
day on the Presldip links for practice, no
progrons was made : in the play for the
Council's cup. The first round In the com
petition for that trophy lias been conclud
ed by the default of J. H."Mee-to» Dr. J.
McConkey. In the second round John
I.awson will play against Dr. J. McConkey
and H. C. Qolcher Is .matched against
-Warren pregory. The latter match ,may
be played to-day. . The ladles of the San
Francisco Qolf Club mny hold an Informal
tournament, to-morrow ; morning, but no
official announcement .has been, made of
the nature of the competition. \
Though the first cflinpetltlon for the
Ooodali cup was to hayu been held on the
Oakland links on' 1 Thanksgiving day, it
vwas deferred -on account of "the Inclem
ency of .the .weather and a speclai prise
was offered, " to which the name of the
Mudlark, cup was 'given. The handicaps
were the battle as those announced for the
Ooodali cup, the contest for which will
take place j next' Saturday. The Mudlark
cup was won by,/R. 'M. . PlUgcratd, and
will be selected by Orestes Pierce, captain
of the Oakland Oolf Club. v v / .> v
Beiff Boys Coming Home.
LONDON,* Novi" 30.— The 1 j Cunard % line
steamer Lucafrla,! which leaves Liverpool
to-day. for'New tTork,- . will-have, among
her -. passengers Lester, and Johnny Relff ,
the American -Jockeys. « •
File and Fistula Cure.
Sample treatment-Red Cross Pile and Fistula
Cure and book on - piles f re* . to any address.
Rea Co.. Dept. 2, Minneapolis. Minn. . . •
Rustic Arbor beat W. H. Robinson's Pat Free,
dom, 28-16; E. Geary's Fannie Hughle beat
H. Schaffer's Fair Glen, 17-12; D. Walsh's Bao
ramento Boy - beat b w. c* Olasson'i Master
Workman, 8-0; P. Lee's Sweet Locust beat C.
Clock's Alameda Lad, 11-7. ... : . ;.
QUARTERBACK DALY IS THE HERO OF
A GREAT STRUGGLE FOR HONORS.
y|^k HILADELPHIA, Spv; 30.-Prob-
I Jl ably the most distinguished gath
|r"*^L- erins' that ever witnessed a foot-
JJL .v ball game In this country and ad-
'. , : ; mlttedly the greatest crowd that
ever entered the. sates of Franklin field
saw West Point defeat Annapolis this af
ternoon by a score of- 11 to 6. From the
moment that President Roosevelt and his
pa<rty entered the great amphitheater un
til, half an hour after the timekeeper had
blown his whistle announcing the cessa
tion" of hostilities there was a continuous
uproa^r, such as. probably never has
taken place on any football field In the
country. ■'-■■ .\1 /;. :'•'' : -■■ '_ ■
, Even the President and several, mem
bers of his Cabinet, worked up to a ner
vous pitch by the excitement, left their
seats in the .private box which had been
set apart- for their occupation and took
positions on the side-line benches, which
are usually used for substitute players
and coaches, j The President's appearance
was the signal for a tremendous outburst
of applause, which continued until he had
walked down the center of the gridiron
and across the field to his seat In the
north stand. The President's silk hat was
on his head scarcely five seconds from the
time he entered the grounds until he had
taken his seat, so continuous was the ova
tion. .. . . i . -■ ■..--.> .,-■.: v- • .
Hardly had the President and party
taken the!r seats before the navy team
came upon the field from the weit en
trance. The followers of the Annapolis
cloven made the stands shake with their
choers, and blue and oranse flags seemed
to be floating from all sections of the
field. Six minutes later the* West Point
lads trotted out, and then the black.
orange and gray of the army was waved
deliriously from the big south stand. No
time was consumed in formalities. The
coin was tossed and Captain Nichols of
the navy called the turn correctly. He
chose the west goal, with a slight advan
tage of the wind, and at 2:15 Graves had
kicked off. -
From the moment the ball was put In
play until the timekeeper's rwhlstle blew
there . was no more Interested spectator
of the game than President Roosevelt.
The contest had been In progress less
than ten minutes when he left his seat In
the 4>r!vate box and took his position on
the side line bench. When Casad broke
through the navy's line and ran 66 yards
the President jumped to his feet excited
ly and advanced toward the gridiron, but
returned to . his { seat a moment later
when the ball was put In play again. At
the end of the first half Secretary Root
and General Miles came across the field
to escort the President to the army's
HAIL TO MEN
'- /// 4 Even unto old age
f/J - y° u fnzy feel the
■W^^ lls : - its Heart,
tf c ste P« courage and
Jh} y^^ ' ''■ tireless energy. You
JM^ t \\ may be free from pains and
fflk \ \. tJm aches and defy your years.
m B&K^ l\l f J)fM There ls a ountain °f perpetual youth, and you
THS^^^t^M h* ve only to reach out your hand and take it. You
Hffi^^^^^^^ can drink of it until your heart shouts with glad-
BSSSiw^M^^^k ' ness, and with all your might you will proclaim, as
, other men have, , ;■;■■■. ; , ■ r
//fflnffi& /M&mk Like the giants of old, you" can "be in your
//iw$$\ /\St P rime at sixly— strong, vigorous and full of youth-
i 'lu( JL Wm * ul enthusiasm. 'J^W^^
//m mSS// / "^a -.' xflrffim Mr. John Page. Boulder Creek. Cal.. writes, after wearing Br. Me
"■■"•■"//" ' ' WS&' ' l^£m WVA0? LnuKhlin's Electric Belt: "I have no aches or pains now. and the varl-
</ Bw i'jiEjBk \ly^i cocele has disappeared. I did not think It possible for me to obtain relief
' W " I BBESSm vfJuh from my "uffprlnKs, but the Belt has surprised me. I feel as young as I
* ll -JHfU did thirty years ago, and nothins could Induce rae to part with It."
I JIm^" If vpu feeI voun £ you are young. Youth is
/ //^ISRi--^®*^^? strength. If you have strength you can defy your
C I mi^ irffM&iS^' v ectr^ c e^ w^^ warm your heart and fill
" \^^lllii0w!^!^^ your body; with the ; fire of youth. ■ It^wtll limber
: your joints andputSDring^ in your lejgsV It will
' make you feel glad with the joys of ;youthtul vigor.
• Mr. A. 'Crawford, Pokegama. OroRon, writes: "I was an old man of seventy years before I got your belt, and now
nfter us!n£ It three, months I fee) Just as I did when I was 33 or 40 years old. I am able to do a cood day's work shoe* i
inR horscH, and feel as young and active as -I did 35 years ago. I thank you with all my heart, and when I come to th«
city 1 will show you an old man marie young. I shall always speak a good word 'for Dr. McLauehlln and his Belt." - ■
Isn't that food for skeptics? letters as I receive would; convert even a:
b'goted o!d schcol dpctori and he» can see n> good in anything but physic. \^^^^^
Give me a man with pains in his back, a dulKachs in his muscles or joints,
"come-and-go" pains in his shoulder , chest and sides, Sciatica in: his hip, Lumbago,
Rh?umatisrn,:or any ache -Vprpalh and my Belt will pour the oil of life irfto his aching
body and drive out every sign of pain; ! No pain can exist where my Belt is w^^
t TAr.J. L/Balrdof %land 1,-Cal^wrltes Oct. 13: "My back Is entirely well, a nd I would not take $100 for ray belt it 1
could not Betaijother.^It Is the, best thing on earyi for a lame back." - -iT.-r\
Th^y come every day from everywhe-e. There is not a town or Hamlet in the
country- wlvch'has,not;cures;by;Dr..M
*^6w : what does this mean to you, de*ar reader? If ybu are norwhatyou oWhi
it^e^to^u]|sl^
as simple, as;easy r to use, assureto cure, and a v cheap as pr.>: Mclaughlin's Electric
.Belt? ,: r :!; haye^not seen one.^; You must try it. In justice to yourself, and to those
to you; for -theiriuture happiness, try it^now. Act this minute. Such a
matter ought .not be delayed: x
■ -It's as good for women as for men. Worn .while you sleep, it cftuse; no trouble.
Youfeel'tjie ••■■■gentle; glowing heat from Vit constantly; but no stog, no burning, as in
old-style belts. ; I v . . , ° , • - ° . .
.: • Cal tordiy^ or.s?nd for my beautiful book, full of the things a man likes to read
;if he wantsi|o;be astrong; man^ I
Cutout this ad.- '; , '
*fi P S^^^'^ Sj rtiC I " "^\ : I Ifi H I I M ™2 MARKET STREET,
V ** • X » • V* &MMMM* I W » At Lotta Fountain, 8an Franclwo.
-Office Hpurs, 8 a. m. to 8:30' p. m. Sundays, 10 to 1.
; ; NHiyHR, SOLD BY AQENTS OR -DRUQ STOREa
HOW PLAYERS
LINED UP FOR
THE BIG G AME
;;:. ; . WEST . POINT. r;5N
ITarnsworth ......... .Left End
Doe. . . .. , f ... ...... .Left Tackle
Eiley. ...'.. .,. .. ... .Left Guard
Boyers. . '.".'.'. ... ..... 1 .Center
Goodspeed. ... .. ..Eight Guard
Bunker . . . .... . . . Bight Tackle
McAndrews. . . . . . . • Bight End
Daly. .,. : . ;-Quarterback
Casad. ........ .Left Halfback
Hackett, Nally, Pbipps....
.:.:.... ... .Bight Halfback
Graves .... . . ........ Fullback
T ANNAPOLIS.
Whiting . . . 1 .... . .... Left End
. Bead. .... ...;.. ."T.Ltft Tackle
Carpsntor . .'. . . . . . . .Lcf t Guard
Fretz ....... . ; ..;.. Center
Belknap, Schlachback
'■■_ ■.._■■ , -7; .Bight Guard .
Adams .Bight Tackle
" Soule. . . ..'.'. : ... . . .Bight End
McNair ...... ... .Quarterback
Freyer .Left Halfback.
Land ........ .Bight Halfback
Nichols .....;.. Fullback
stand. With Secretary Long and a de
tective on his right and Secretary Cor
■telyou. Lieutenant Commander Waln
wrlght and Secretary Root on, his left.
President Roosevelt walked across to the
south stand and again occupied a' seat
on the side line. When the two teams
resumed play at 3:23 and Daly of the
army team made his great run of 103
yards for a touchdown" President Roose
velt Jumped to his feet with an expres
sion of surprise on his face, and, like
thousands of others, could. scarcely real
ize what a remarkable piece of football
mechanism Daly really ls and that he
could make such a phenomenal run
through an entire field.
Annapolis won the toss and chose the
west goal, giving West Point the ball.
Graves kicked to Nichols, who was
thrown on the navy's 29-yard line. An
napolis then carried the ball to their 42
yard line, where the army line held and
Belknap was forced to kick. Daly caught
the. ball for West Point on the tatter's 30
yard line. West Point could make but
little impression on the navy line and
Daly was forced to kick, the ball going
to Annapolis on her own 30-yard line.
After carrying It back to West Point's
45-yard line the navy boys lost the ball
on holding and West Point immediately
punted to the navy's 35-yard line. The
navy punted to West Point's 25-yard line
and Daly carried the ball back to mld
fleld before being downed. The army lads
carried the ball to the navy's 28-yard line,
where they lost it on downs. The navy
sent the ball out of danger, the ball going
to West Point's 30-yard Mne. On the first
line-up Casad of West Point broke
through the navy line and carried the ball
to the navy's 25-yard line. Hackett. f
Bucker and Casad carried the ball ten
yards nearer the Annapolis goal. It was
the third down, with three yards to gain,
and Daly dropped back for a try at %
field goal. The ball sailed squarely be*
tween the posts and the West Point root
ers cheered heartily for their eleven.
There was an exchange of kicks and
then McNair, the Annapolis quarterback,
ran sixty yards, placing the ball on West
Point's 26-yard line. Plunges into the line
by Freyer, Read and Nichols forced the
ball over West Point's goal line, Nichols
making the touchdown. Belknap missed
the goal and the score was tied at 5. There
was no further scoring In this half, time
being called with the ball In the army's
possession in the mldfleld.
The sensational play of the game was
made Immediately after the kick-off In
the second half. Belknap kicked to Daly
and the latter, catching the ball on West
Point's 5-yard line, ran the entire length
of the field for a touchdown. He was as
sisted greatly by the splendid Interference
of Bunker and Casad. Daly kicked tbm
goal and the score was:
West Point 11, AnnapoHs 5.
Belknap was forced to retire, and An
napollf was badly handicapped by the
weak kicking of Freyer. West Point
gained from ten to twenty yards on each
exchange. Near the close of the gama
Freyer's fumble gave the army eleven
the ball on the navy's 13-yard line. It
was carried to the 7-yard line, where it
was lost on downs. On the first line-up
Freyer got through the West Point line
and carried the ball to midfleld. Annapois
then forced the pigskin to West Point's
35-yard line, only to losw it on downs.
Daly kicked it out of danger. This pro
ceeding was repeated several times, tha
navy boys gaining double the amount ot
ground gained by their heavier opponents.NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES
OAKLAND ALAMENA COUNTY BERKELEY
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES
CHILDREN OF CHRIST CHURCH
REHEARSE CHRISTMAS CANTATA
Little AAiss Jean Tyson, Who Is to Reign as Queen in the Pretty
Entertainment, Is a Dainty and Dignified Child and Bears
Her Regal Authority With Charming Ease and Grace
ALAMEDA. Nov. SO.— Rehearsals of
the Christmas cantata, "The En
chanted Castle." to be produced
by the children of Christ Church
on December 28, are being held
r-gularlj-. under the direction ' of Mrs.
fulla Marsh Lawton. who so successfully
ralced an aggregation of Juvenile* for a
•*cent rendition of "The Marsh King."
Little Miss Jean Tyson is to rr-ign as
he Queen of the Fairies in the cantata.
5hc is a dainty and dignified child and
n the rehearsals exercises her regal au
liorlty with an ease and grace that ie
tharrolng. Others in the cast of "The
Enchanted Castle" are:
Fairies of tne royal court— Dorothy Tlsdale.
Cth»l Connor. Jesale Hall. Bessie Searle; Sar.ta
*Ieu* Harry S. Miller; Bob. Master Andrew
rirhe'r; Sato. Master Frank Butler; fairy
herue— Helen Marill. Mary Eastwood. Hen
tetta. Herwood. Eleanor Ruitsell, Veira .Miller.
Croma Xtber, Theresa Bradley. Frieda Kleln
laus. Edna Reynolds. Alice Pierce; Aladdin.
!ar!e* Eclcinon; Slnbad, Charles Tbomae; Enow-
ll / v^, Swell Fancy Shoes, ifj
MiJ Worth 66, $7 and $8, \\
fi^^^V N0W $3 * 50# J
Still further reductions in the prices have been made at the Felts
sale of fine footwear for ladies.
All the fancy slippers and fancy colored top shoes whjf.h Felts sold
regularly for $6.00'! $7.00 and $8.00 have been reduced to JJJ3.50.
Think what this means. These are the very finest and swellest
shoes and slippers made. You can't buy anything with more grace,
beauty or charm in footwear. In every curve arid stitch is reflected
Fashion's latest creation. This is a veritable bargain for stylish
dressers who appreciate economy— only three dollars and a half for as
elegant and stylish a shoe as is made anywhere.
Among the other values to be had at this closing-out sale are
Felts' regular $6.00 shoes for 94-OO, and his usual $4.00 and $<;.oo
shoes for $3.50.
Come in the morning if possible, as the store is small and soon gels
crowded In the afternoon.
The eale Is being held by the Walk-over Shoe Store, who bought out
pelts' in order to put In an entire new line of Walk-over shoes for ladles.
The Walk-Over Shoe Store
Felts* Successor
924-926 Market Street.
flake fairies— Marie Tyson. Gladys Newb«ll.
Edna Bryan. Ir«ne Hill, Clara Clultsman.
Gladys von Schoen, Geonrle Josselyn, Gwendo
tln Carpenter. Helen Funk. Anna Van Fleet.
\>lma Brooke. Alice Eastwood, Marguerite
Uruton. Ada Joy, Lllla Caulneld, Ruth John
son. Madeline Chambers: sentinel froics — War
ner Sh»-rwood. Eddie Pierce. Arthur Nleld,
I>-»llc- Haofner. Gecrce Wood. Charles Glbb;
stage manager* — Fletcher Slosnon. Fred Wll
llatRe. Russell Searlt, Cloyd Adney.
IN OAKLAND SOCIETY
OAKLAND, Nov. 30.— Mlrs Maud Edith Pope
was th: hostess last evening at a. "pink" din
ner, given in honor of, the birthday anniver
sary of Edward Pomerojr of Philadelphia. The
Kuril were: Miss Marietta Havens, Miss Crli
sle Tart, Miss Tlsdale. Miss Ethel Valentine.,
Miss Mmv, »:i of San Francloco, Mr. Pomcroy
of Philadelphia, Mr. Hesson. Mr. Johnson snd
Mr. PlcVIer of San Francisco, Joseph Rosbor
ous;h and Mr. Walker.
• • •
A party of ten Oakland ladles had- luncheon
* THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 1, 1901.
THREE LITTLE ALAMEDA GIRLS
WHO WILL. TAKE PART IN A
PRETTY CHRISTMAS" CANTATA.
at the Palace Grill to-day and afterward en
joyed Sembrlch's clngtnc In grand opera.
Those in the party were: Mrs. H. Rosenftld.
Mrs. Gecrge de Colta. Mrs. ■ Loul>« Allender.
Mitten Mae and Bertha Younc, Mrs. Wick
ham Havens, Mrs. Edward Enjtt, Mrs. Carl
Kenz of San Francisco, Mrs. 'E. J. Cotton and
MIbs Carrie Nicholson.
The Ebell "tea" this afternoon was a very
plearant affair. Great yellow chrysanthemums
were clustered artistically on the platform
a train- 1 a dark background or arcer) foliage.
Mrs. W. E. Sharon was hostess for the after
noon and was assisted by Mrs. J, E.' Richard
son. Mrs. A. L.. Scott, Mrs. Gorrill and MUi
Evelyn Craig. The muajcal . programme was
excellent, 'the number by Mrs., Peter C. Allen
being especially appreciated as. It. was her first
appoBrar.ee In public for some. time. Edwin
Dunbar Oramlall gave the opening number, a
tenor solo. "I Watch Thee from Afar," and In
reiponne to an encore sang- "Star of Mr
Heart." Mini. Enid Williams of Berkeley was
the accmnpanlxt and also rendered two selec
tions by Grles;— "Volkwelse" and a schersa.
Mrs. Allen's songs ..were- "Love In Spring,"
by Franz, and "O- Swallow Flying South,"
by Sullivan: . ' : : . ■ ;
Cards have been sent out by Mrs. Kate
Bulkeley and Mrs. Milton Bulkeley for a tea
to be given at the former's home on A'blon
street next Wednesday afternoon, for tha bene
fit of the children's room In th« new library
building. Each visitor will be taxed 23 cents.
Refreshments will be served and musical selec
tions will be rendered during the afternoon
by several . well-known artists. Miss Qeorgle
Cope is arranging the programme. .
Mlrs Bessie Miller and Daniel W. Pratt will
be married to-morrow evening at the home of
the bride's parents. Mr. and Mrs. J. K. Miller,
547 Knox place. Relatives only will be pres
ent. The Rev. E. II. Dllle. pastor of the First
Metfcodltt Church, will officiate. Miss Flor
ence Hatch will be bridesmaid and the irroom
will be attended by Charles Hatch. On their
return from the honeymoon the young couple
will receiye their friends at 202C Market street,
■v»-:tere they are to reside. .>. '•'.-. .- . ..-•.-■.
DAVIES DESERTS
HIS CHILD WIFE
Railroad Man Refuses
to Maintain
Little One.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nov. 30.
"A man who would marry a mere school
girl and then desert her and her child
has no right to live," exclaimed Mrs. E.
J. Jerome, this morning In Judge Hall's
court while on the witness stand, testify
ing In behalf of her daughter, Mrs. Caro
line Davles, who was seeking, a divorce
from William Davles, an employe of the
Southern Pacific Company. ' ■ «
Mrs. Jerome said that Davles married
her daughter six years ago. \ He was a
good husband for awhile, she said, but
after the baby . was born he began to
exhibit his S temper on occasions. Little
things made him angry and he did not
hesitate- to . chastise . his schoolgirl wife
with the palm of his hand and even some
times to attack his mother-in-law.' Final
ly the young husband left Jils wife to
get along the best she could, refusing to
share any of his stipend with his wife
and child. ' ..':-, : . ,
In her own behalf Mrs. Davies corrob
orated her mother' n testimony and said
that she thought If she had $16 a month
she could, with her mother's assistance,
care for herself and child. Judge Hall
ascertained that her 'husband was getting
$45 a month at his work and besides grant
ing her the divorce and the child's cus
tody ordered Davies to payi$15 on the first
of every month. ; , .
Pride has but two seasons— a forward
spring and an early fall. ' •
TRAINS CRASH
IN DENSE FOG
Rear-End Collision pn
• the Narrow-Gauge in
Alameda.
Rails Were Slippery and the
Brakes Did Not Operate
Quickly.
.-■.:•■•;■■ •:• 1 ■-.•■■ . ■ ■■. - - .•■ :■. ■ ■;■;■;
ALAMEDA, Nov. 30.— In the heavy fog
which enveloped the city this evening and
retarded local traffic, the through ' train
from San Jose crashed Into the rear end
of a local train on the narrow gauge at
Webster-street station at 5:30 o'clock.
The San Jose train was moving slowly
at the time, otherwise there might have
been a serious accident and perhaps loss
of life. As It was the rear platform of
the last car on the local train, which was
at a standstill, was. mucked and the car
considerably damaged. There were but
a few persons in the car when the col
lision occurred, as the travel on the local
train going toward the pier at that time
Is always very light.
The San Jose train had followed tho
local train from Park-street station. Be
cause of the dense fog a sharp lookout
was kept by the engineer and fireman,' as
tho trains were never more than a few
hundred yards apart. When the local
stopped at "Webster-street the San Jose
through train was near Enclnal station.'
There Is a heavy downward grade from
Enclnal station to Webster-street station
and the rails being wet and slippery the
brakes on the Ban Jose train did not
operate quickly enough to prevent It from
striking the last car on the local train.
There was but little delay caused by the
collision and both trains proceeded to the
pier. ' '■ . • ' - - . .-»
LOCAL TRAIN STRIKES '\
WAGON IN THE FOG
Collision on Seventh Street That Re
sulted Luckily Because of Car's .
; - : , v Slow Speed.
OAKLAND, Nov. 30.— During the dense
fog to-night Thomas Golden, a teamster
for Olson & Co.. grocers, was struck by
the westbound 6 o'clock local train while
he was driving across Seventh street at
Alice. Golden was thrown twenty feet
Into the street. His horse was pitched
Into a sewer trench, but the wagon was
uninjured. Neither the man nor the horse
was hurt, except for slight bruises. The
train was moving at less than half speed
when the collision occurred. ..
Reports Against Damage Claim.
OAKLAND, Nov. 3O.-Clty Attorney
Johnson has reported against the claim
of Mrs. Mary Conroy, who demands $2300
for Injuries she asserts. she sustained by
the falling ,of a city electric pole against
her residence,.; - 1012 Third street. Mrs.
Conroy declares; she was sitting at a win
dow when the pole fell and was, pros
trated by the shock. The City Attorney
reports thnt In his opinion the claimant's
condition is not due to the accident.
Hill man Beconveys Property.
OAKLAND. Nov. 30.-R. R. Htllman.
under Indictment for alleged forgery of
his mother's name to a deed upon which
he secured a loan of $1000, has reconveyed
the property to his parent. Hlliman is
still In hiding. The conveyance gives the
young man's relatives oportunlty to settle
with Henry C. Morris, the banker who
made the loan. ■ .-♦ -.••...•
Boy Fails to Beturn Home.
OAKLAND. Nov. 30.— Georgre Neale. the
8-year-old son of Charles A. Neale of
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s, residing at 70
Twelfth street, started out early this
morning to pick mushrooms In the vicinity
of High street. At a late hour to-night
the boy had not returned to his home, and
his parents, anxious for his safety, have
started a search for him. ■ \ .■■:
Young Corbett to Box Sullivan.
NEW YORK. Nov. 30.— Young Corbett
met Dave Sullivan to-night and agreed to
a 25-round contest at 123 pounds for $5000
a side. Final arrangements will be made
Monday.
Young Corbett said to-day that he and
his manager, Johnnie Corbett. would meet
McGovern and his manager In this city
Monday forenoon for the purpose of ar
ranging a match. The match will be gov
erned by the same conditions as to weight
that prevailed in the one which proved so
disastrous to McGovern. but there will
probably bo much more money at stake
in the coming battle when the. articles
have been aigned and every. other condi
tion ratified.'- . :
Declares That Judge Was Bight
CHICAGO, Nov. 30.— Closing arguments
In the Lawrence-Canfleld habeas corpus
case were delivered in Judge Dunno's
court to-day by Attorney Darrow, for tho
petitioners, and Attorney Shope. for tht>
State. Attorney Shope maintained ' that
Lawrence and Canflcld of Hearst's Chi
cago American had been guilty of con
tempt of court and quoted much law in
support of his contention that Judge
Hanecy acted in complete conformance
with the law in deciding , tho contempt
case against the editors. v
Accused Russian. Must Beturn.
WASHINOTON. Nov. 30,-The State
Department has issued a warrant for the
stirrender to the Russian authorities of
Simeon Ivanowgrln, who is charged with
the embezzlement of 25,000 rubles at
Rastov, Russia, and is now under arrest
at San Francisco. , ' V
;>: ADVEBTISEMZNTS. .
Famous Dootor Urges
Pyramid Pile Gure.
, Dr. Williams, a prominent orlflclal surgeon,
says: "It -is tho duty of every surgeon to
avoid an operation if possible to cure In any
other way, and after . many trials : with I the
Pyramid Pile, Cure I unhesitatingly recoinrnen.1
it In preference to an operation." For sale by
all druggists. Little book; "Piles, Causes and
Cure," mailed free. Pyramid Drug Co., Mar-
shall. Mich. , ' •
ENGAGEMENT OF INTEREST
TO SOCIETY IS ANNOUNCED
Betrothal of Miss Grace Carroll of Oak
iar.d and m F. N. Elliott of San Francisco
Is Pleasant News to the Musical Set
OAKLAND. Nov. 3O.-The an
nouncement of the engagement of
Miss Grace Carroll of this city
and F. N. Elliott of San Fran
clsco has caused quite a ripple of
interest not only In society, but in the
musical world. Miss Carroll is one of the
best-known singers on either side of the
bay. being possessed of a rich contralto
voice of rare depth and quality and hav
ing been a soloist In several choirs both
here and in San Francisco. It is only
a few months since Miss Carroll returned
from a prolonged sojourn In New York,
where she studied voice culture with a
noted Instructor. Miss Carroll comes of
a musical family, her sister being- the
well-known soprano, Mrs. Carroll-Nlchol
son. Miss Mae Carroll, a clever pianist
of Sacramento, Is also a relative. ; -
Mr. Elliott is a business man of San
Francisco and after the wedding, which
SAYS TEACHERS
HAVE HARD TIME
Soldier Views Conditions
- of Instructors in the
Philippines.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
. 1118 Broadway, Nov. 30.
John J. Hollywood, a member of Com
pany D. Eleventh United States Infantry,
in the Philippines, has written to Andrew
J. Hollywood, deputy customs collector
in this city, concerning conditions in the
islands as bearing upon the installation
of American schoolteachers there. . Hla
letter is as follows: ! ;, . v : ;
"I have learned that there are quite a
number of American - schoolteachers
coming to tho Philippines to teach the
natives the American idea of things In
general. I think that they are a little
'previous,' to use a slang phrase; that Is,
I do not think that affairs are settled
sufficiently for the purpose for which
they are coming over .here. Conditions
are such and will -be so for some 'time to
como that It Is really a great hardship
for an American woman to live at all in
a great number of towns any distance
removed from Manila, as. for Instance.
Carigara and other towns on this island
(Leyte), which are all some 600 miles
from Manila, which is the distributing
depot for any and all of the comforts ob
tainable over here. '
"So you see the farther you are away
from It. the less you are able to obtain
of those things which go to make life at
least endurable. They will for a tlma
have to subsist upon such articles as the
post commissary, can furnish them,- and
live In a *'nlpa' shack until time and the
civil authorities better their condition."
JUNIOB PBOMENADB
ENDS DTDABKNES3
Failure of Electricity Causes Students
to I>ance Closing Numbers .
-by Candle' Light,
BERKELEY, Nov. 30.— The students at
the junior promenade, held in Harmon
gymnasium, danced the closing numbers
by candle light In the early hours this
morning, all on account of & sudden leak
age in a boiler In tho Mechanics building
on tho university j grounds. This leakage
stopped the generation of electricity for
tho lights in the gymnasium and darkness
reigned until candles were produced.
The musicians had a few candles with
them, evidently having had previous ex
perience? in that Hno, and these were
placed at wide intervals about the big
building.' j Dancing was then resumed and
the' programme completed. ■ The lights
were dim during most of the dances, but
faint candle light was more .than most. of
them bargained* for. '\ They proved, how
ever, ' to be equal to the emergency, for
none left the last numbers undanced.
Owing to the darkness In the dressing
rooms, considerable difficulty .was .expe
rienced among tho young ladles in secur
ing proper wraps, and this morning found
many changes of wearing apparel among
them.' i,[- ,'-■ , •■ y.V : v ■ * ' ' ; ' " ; v ! •■' •' "■'
"Nonsense," said the faith healer to tho
man who was calling for more whisky,
"you have not . been snake-bitten. You
only think you were." , r •
i "Well," said the victim, pouring out an
other stiff , one, "that may . be , all - right,
but the snake thought' he was going to
bite me, and I can't think as quick as a
snake i can."— Baltimore American.
AN OAKLAND SOCIETY GIRL
WHOSE ENGAGEMENT TO F.
N. EL.L.IOTT IS ANNOUNCED.
will not -take place until June, the couple
will reside In, that city. The marriage of
Miss Carroll will not Interfere with her
musical work. ;, . .-: ■ "
MERRITT TITLES
ARE QUESTIONED
Judge Ellsworth Hears
Suit to Determine
/ - Validity.
■ -■' :': ■-. :r \ ' . ■"*'••'■. . . . ., " ■-. .,,-'.-■■,•; ■. ' " -9
/Oakland Office San Franclsca Call,
v ... 1118 Broadway, Nov. 30..
'.'Judge Ellsworth partially heard the
suit to-day recently brought against the
Merritt children to determine their rights
to property formerly embraced "In the
Knowles trust. Mrs.l Frances D. Dusln
bury, ■:■ mother of Mrs. James P. Merritt ;
the Union Savings Bank, Reed and^ Nus
baumer.v as • trustees for Mrs. James P.
Merritt and Jierv. two : children, are the
plaintiffs In the action against Marguerite.
Madie, John S.Y James >B. and May Ruth
Merritt, Attorney T. C. Huxley appearing:
on behalf of the children as guardian ad
litem.
The object "• sought by. the suit Is the
settlement of the question : whether the
children of "James .P.- and Fred A Merritt
have any interest In the Knowles' trust
property. The first was declared forfeited
by the Merritt nephews when .James ' P.
Merritt violated a clause by beginning
suit to break the trust that Mrs. Garce
lon created* for their benefit before her
death ten years ago. .The children were
not represented when a settlement of
contentions among' the relatives of the
LUiVLs/l
Not a temporary, dangerous stimulant. Mich as
is produced by electric belts or patent. medicines, but
i i'i$a permanent restoration to health .and strength.
Dr. Meyers & Co. are the only physicians on the Pacific Coast who
cure diseases and weakness of men exclusively.- . Dr. Meyers &. Co. con-
duct the largest Medical Institute and have. the most extensive practice '
. in the world. ';. . . ■'■■■"'■'.'':'. '\':' : : : ; ...'..'.. '.'.'.'. ■'.'.'; *., .. .-■■.;.■ v
' ""■"• Almost every man on the coast has heard of Dr. Meyer* & Co. and
• .what they have accomplished. They are the reliable, the oldest and most
~ successful specialists. They are almost daily consulted' by ' other physi-,
cians. Their knowledge and ability to master the diseases of -men have?
• given them pre-eminence in this field of medicine. . . ' '
; . They avoid the use of -all mineral, poisonous or dangerous drugs and \
electric belts. All their remedies are carefully compounded from the ex-
.tract of buds, bark, berries, guma, roots, leaves, plants; etc., in -their ,\
private laboratory, without cost to their patients. v - .
Their treatment gives vim, vigor .and vitality to the weak, whether
old or.younpr, regardless of the cause of their trouble. '
NO MONEY REQUIRED IN ADVANCE. |
. As a guarantee, DR. MEYERS & CO. "will let their patients deposit the
price of a cure In any bank In San Francisco, to be paid after he is entirely
well. If it Is not convenient to do this, payments may be made In monthly.
Installments. It requires - confidence backed by ability to make such an offer. ,
No other doctors will undertake a cure- on these conditions. Could any on* .
'make a fairer proposition? ; , _ • . - • ; . -v. -.
. ' If you cannot call, write for private 'book, diagnosis sheet, free advice,
prices, and other particulars. Correspondence solicited.
DR, MEYERS & G0,,v731 Sffi'
£\:{?'?Jj> : .v;; : - iHouw-^Dally, t -to 4;,8tmdays.-» to U.. t . ■.«';>.'? ;■ ■_>, »
PRANK OF A LAD
ENDS IN DEATH
Berkeley^ Boy * Shoots
Himself" While Play;
Ing With Chum. ' *
Two Men Near Scene of AccI*
dent Refuse to Render
'&?K£.: Aid.
BERKELEY, Nov. 30.— Harry Fortier.
a 16-year-old boy whose home was at 2015
Bancroft way, accidentally shot himself
In the leg this morning, while hunting on
the Berkeley hills, dying a few hour*
later from loss of blood and shock. Al
though - conscious until within twenty
minutes of his death the only intelligible
statement was, "Scott didn't do it," made
to exonerate; his companion, Scott Mills,
from all blame. * . :f '-■'..
The shooting was the result of careless
playfulness on the part of the boys.
When near the upper reservoir on the
bills they commenced good natured scuf
fling and as Mills started to climb a fence
young Fortier poked him with the butt
of his shotgun. In some manner the shell
was exploded and the entire charge of
shot passed through the inside of For
tier's left thigh Just below the groin,.
tearing out a bole an inch In diameter
and breaking the femoral artery. Mills
ran to the house of Bruno Cordo, 'the
keeper of the reservoir, for assistance
and Mrs. Cordo came to the side or the
injured, lad, but could do nothing for
him. • .
Two cruelly- indifferent men working in
a field near by refused their aid. declar
ing that they were not able to leave their
work. Mills did not know the men and
his appeals for help were without avail.
As he turned back to his wounded com
rade. Charles Sleeper, a boy of IS. reached
the spot and taking Mrs. Cordo's cart
drove to this city, a distance of two miles,
for help. ,
Sleeper got L. M. Hale, Fortler's broth
er-in-law, who, with Fred Foss, secured
a wagon and drove to the scene of the
shooting. The boy was then taken to Dr.
H. N. Ro well's office, where he was at
tended. The accident occurred at about
8 o'clock and it was over two hours' later
before young Fortier got medical attend
ance. He had virtually bled to death be
fore he reached Dr. Rowell's office and
he rapidly sank until at 3:30 o'clock this
afternoon the end came.
The Mills boy Is only 14 years of age
and was badly frightened by the catas
trophe. As his back was turned to For
tier he did not see the shot and is unable
to explain how the shell was exploded. He
felt Fortier strike him with the butt of
his gun and an instant later the shot
came and Fortier fell screaming to the
ground. • . . ' : - ; .-
S. M. Fortier, father of the dead lad, Is
in the Government employ at the navy
yard in Vallejo. He was summoned by
telegraph, but did not arrive until twen
ty minutes after his son had passed
away. The members of the family are
prostrated over the accident. \ '■.
Deputy Coroner J. E. Strelghtif took
charge of the case and removed the body
to the family residence at the request of
the parents. An Inquest will be held.
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, Nov. 30.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Manuel A. Borwell.
aged 48, and Barbara J. Sllva, 40, both of
Hay wards: Frank Gunther, 25, and Eliza
beth Barnes. 23, both of San .Francisco:
Luther E. Greene. 40. Woodland, and
Waymle Belshe. 24, Oakland; Leonard. T.
HIguera, 29, and Leonore 3. Borgues, 23,
both of Oakland; John V. Sweetzler. over
21, Los Angeles, and Harriet A. Suther
land, over IS. Oakland. •;■'• v ' .
At the Theaters,
OAKLAND, Nov. 3\-WilBe Collier and
his - company of - comedians will • present
"On the Quiet" at the Macdonouyh The*
ater Monday evening. ' k - ;
A scenic production of "She'* will be.
the card at the Dewey Theater, beginning
Monday night. •->.,.: > ; -
Alameda High School Wins Game.
ALAMEDA.' Nov. 30.— In a one-sided
contest on the* Clement-avenue gridiron
this afternoon the High School football
eleven defeated the WUmerdlnc School
team of San Francisco by a score of 31
tO 0. '■ .■.':■., --/■'■':■ ■;:-,-.:"-:"--::^:-.;:. ; ---v : ->-.' 3
late Dr. Samuel Merritt were compromised
before Judge Frlck five years ago. and
the present suit . is expected to show
whether their Interests' suffered' as
a result of that settlement. If they did
suffer then steps will be aken to correct
the errors that were then made. "
Testimony of a most formal nature was
Introduced Ho-day. George J. Rice, a
searcher of records, explained the prop
erty Involved, which Includes the Market
street block at Seventh and Market
streets, pieces at Fourteenth and Madi
son streets. Second avenue and East
Eleventh street, and Thirteenth and Mad
ison streets. The case will be argued next
8a>turday.---'0O ■■;""' ;: ''".:■■'■.■■■■:-■ ■ : ;•. - •-, • ■■■
3334
_ APypgatTISEMENTS. - : :Vj^_-
C^y\ Our Grandest o* Chrittmns Spec'aHr I \l[\\
*\y> \ f pens for the public's gazi Monday. U I \)\
/^v (> Santa Claits Ufili be there in attend I \ \\ \
v^fVY) «C2 and hit little friends will receive I \a\
(mv 1 treit y souven'r cimnvmorative of thi I \^A \
\ \ : reat even 1 . 1 £~C^j
f /\^ Children, accompanied by their elder: \ \ 1/
\ \)lf I **' ac ? r nitted free in the mornin<f from \ I W
\jj II 10 'o 12; in the afternoon from 2 to 4 and \ V[
I II ' ' ' lc cven^ n $ front 7 to S:30. Yk (
I If ®" courj/ *« V su know hoiv the Frisco Boys Vl \
/// entertain? ,licxys on the wait lavish scxle. y\ \
\V cor»lKcarny «Jtreci 6c : lj, .
\\ Un i o n *5 quare Aven ue . Ml j
<L : ; . — — —^ j
Court Stenographers Cited.
Judge Fritz yesterday morning sent
■written notices by Bailiff Dougherty to
Court Stenographers Frank Vernon and
Howard V^rnon to be in his court In the
afternoon at 2 o'clock, as he had three
felony cases to be heard. When court
convened at 2 o'clock neither of the steu
ographers appeared, and after waiting
for £alf an hour the Judge continued the
cases and cited the two Vernons to be In
his court at 10 o'clock to-morrow morn-
Ing to show cause why they should no:
be punished for contempt of court.
May Secure His Freedom.
Robert McFarlane. the Merced murder
er, has been granted a new trial by the
Supreme Co«rt on the ground that certain
evidence beneficlal.to the defendant was
illegally excluded during the former trial.
I Furs For Cold Weather. I
fcj River Mink Ruffle Cape— * ~- ' ' H
H The cape shown In picture is made of selected furs— lined with heavy I
g eatln, and Is Just the thing for California winter wear-these cape3 are 1
g one of the most popular medium-priced garments In our stock. Bj
IS This cape Is an exceptionally fine quality— the yoke is made of choice D
g full Persian lamb skins and not of pleccs-this Is not usually the case |«
g with medium-priced garments— it Is a garment we can folly recommend as E?
H being superior to anything for the price shown In 8an Francisco— fln- H
M lsbed with two heads and four tails, same as Illustration. . H
■ lMnch S22.K0 1 18-lnch.. ...827.r»O ■
H A stylish neck piece made In all the popular furs— trimmed with eight I
I tails— nice for winter wear— easy to slip on— very stylish. " : H
Etone marten opossum— J2 Jft— J3— $3 W IR4 OO
Black marten— $5— $10— $12 60 .!."!!1!!1!'*.1"*.*.*.7.7 '" lf»*OO 9
River mink •••••••••...••••.••••••••. # -... #-w-# ■ ■ -* wt\ ■!
Fur Gets for Children— ••••••• • w m
Just the thing for Christmas presents-by far the largest assort- I
ment ever shown in this city- you will save 25 per cent by purchasing I
I Send tor catalogue— mall orders filled, ' fl
.The lAr«e*t exclusive fur Koube_hv_tKje.A>s/6rld,. fl ;
Fired a Shot at Nambos.
Micario Sanchez, a marine fireman, was
held to answer before the Superior Court
by Judge Cabantas yesterday on a charge
of assault with a deadly weapon in $503
bonds. During a fight In Plnckney alley
on September 23 Sanchez shot Alexander
NamboF, a marine fireman. It was shown
that Nambos has the reputation of being
a bad man and was arrested once before
for assault to murder. The original
charge against Sanchez was assault to
murder. -.. • ,*-.'.-/.;... ;v-v,..v :':■'-. ■
. ■.-"{ ■ m ■ .i '-:"■ \--: ' : ':- ' '
Petitions in Insolvency.
Petitions In Insolvency were filed yes
terday as ft.llowsi In the United State*
District Court: Gustave Llersch, hotel
keeper. Corning, liabilities $27,939 fil. as
sets $22,194 11; S. K. Klinefelter, miner,
Angels Camp, liabilities J414 25, no assets.
THE SAN FB AN CISCC> OAIil^^SUN^A^, DECEMBER 1,; 1901>
,;_. : .< r .. ... AvDVEBTiaEaMgNTS., -'■■■" •-■'••^■.■j_'.!..
\V T'^L7l^ f\ I A '£^ sTT ff*^ • II ■'
\\ Bn that we, ni;an those doifble-faosd eloih ff
■' fSm'Jcincf Jackets in heavy winter weights, //
\\ ons of the nvosb ajfraoabla and acceptable fl ..
1 Those • two-faced cloths, with I § m >*.
ff I M \\ pretty plaid on one side and plain // sr^^XV
// : 1^ \\ cloth on tha outer side; with cord /# Mr-' XI
\\ _ tr \\ and frog fastenings;- smartly, tail- '' If -'If • V
If l\ ored, "A $7 Jacket In .every purlieu- , IS ■ W -^^
LJ if ■: 1 \ lar nnd also dotted 'silk rhatle- Mm \\ tt_^_
1 I *>&is*e; gorgeous assortment to ue- - §§■■■■ • \V l*"y
■k-V-^Bs«B«»^ / / One of the- features of the third- V% •)!
V^^^^^^^w J floor's Smoking Jacket department; //
V^. J ( more Smoking Jackets on this lloor >^~^-^
M m^X tnan l n a 'l tne other storeB In San t*5b«^vV
V7 y"^» -/ J Francisco combined, Qowns of ail ff -^
ml (S^i**J descriptions* robes of all tle.scrlp- l( Hi' \\
fl I S'j^"^'^ tlons; the things that men like. y^^/X I m
JUDGE DECIDES
AGAINST FUREY
Holds Special Officer
*\ -\ for Assault to
S 'Murder. "~ " ■ " l
The preliminary examination of Edward
Fursy on the charge of assault to murder
was concluded before Judge Conlan yes
terday. Furey was held to answer before
the Superior Court in $500 bonds. Attor
ney W. W. Foote conducted the prosecu
tion on behalf of the Marine Firemen's
Union and the defendant was represented
by Attorney Joseph F. Coffcy.
Furey, during the strike, was employed
as a special officer at the Risdon Iron
Works, and on August 21, while he was In
charge of some men employed repairing
the steamer Alameda at the Oceanic dock,
he accompanied one of the men to a res
taurant on East street. Several strikers
began abusing Furey's companion, calling
him d "scab" and other offensive names,
and made a threatening demonstration. '
Furey^ stepped i forward to protect the
man and was attacked by the strikers,
one of whom, Peter Callahan, a marine
fireman, grappled with him. Fure>
slipped and fell with Callahan on top of
him. Furey's revolver: fell out of his
pocket and both made f> grab for it, but
Furey was quicker than Callahan, and
seeing his' danger he ..truck Callahnn on
the head with the butt end of his revol
ver. The revolver was discharged at tho
same time and the bullet went through
Callahan's Jaws.
Callahan and Furey practically told the
same story of the occurrence, but five
witnesses for the prosecution, who were
all strikers, contradicted. them by swear-
Ing ihat Furey drew his revolver and
pointed It at Callahan, who struck Furey's
hand upward. Then they grappled and,
Furey shot Ca'llahan. It was on this tes
timony that the Judge held Furey to an
swer. . '■ ';.'}'■ /" : v • ' r
During the strike Furey was shot at
more than once by strikers, and there is
a case now pending In the Supcrlox Court
against a striker named Carlson, who was
arrested for attempting to murder him. .
Teacher's Trial Postponed.
The Board . of Education , yeaterrtay
postponed- the trial of William y.immer
mann, teacher of Get man In .the Poly
technic High School, from Monday to
Wednesday afternoon at 1:30. Presi
dent Kincald stated that this action Mas
taken to give Zlmmermann a better
opportunjty tp defend himself from
charges of incdmpetency made by Princi
pal Bush. • . ...
Bionhart's Flaxseed Balsam
Will cure your couch; 60 cents; at all druKglits*.
Wants to Find His Brothers.
Philip Davis, of 1902 East Main street,
Richmond, Va., has written to Mayor
Phelan, asking him to help locate four
brothers and. three sisters whom he. has
not heard from for about fifteen years.
Their names are Touda Davis, Jac.ob Da
vis, Mary Davis,. Jennie Davis, and an
other brother, David 'Davis, who was
killed In San Francisco. Davis also had a
mother and father who died In this city.
Trapper's OH cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Prurrista, Me flask.' Richard & Co. 4M Clay.'*
Writ of Error for Dimmlck.
, George I). Collins file 1 a writ oC error
yesterday In tho United. States JMnlrict
Court In the ense of Walter N Dimmlck,
convicted of having failed to* depuslt pub-
He moneys properly. . . ; •
DR. PARDEE, eye, ear, nose, throat,
has resumed practice In Chronicle bldg. •
THEIR SCHEME DEFEATED ,
, BY. A CLEVER WOMAN
Brace of Bold Confidence Operators Is
v Landed- in tlieCity ;
Prison/ : -
Guy Thomas and Edward Qulbey. who
have been victimizing unsuspecting
housewives by rcprcfentlng themselves
as employes of "The Call, were arrested
.last 'evening by Detectives Fitzgerald and
Graham and locked up In the tanks.
Yesterday they visited the residence of
Mrs. Wright, at 2616 Twenty-seventh
street, and represented to her that The
Call wanted her photograph and as It
was necessary to enlarge It. they would
do the work for J" 50. Suspecting that
they were not as they represented them
selves to be, Mrs. Wright , told them to
call around In the evening and she would
give them the amount they asked for.
After they had left Mrs. Wright tele
phoned to the manager of The Call, who
on hearing her story notified Chief Witt
man. The head of the Police Department
Immediately sent for Detectives Grahnm
and Fitzgerald and Instructed them to
arrest the two men.
Shortly before 8 o'clock last evening
Thomas returned to the house and was
handed the money by Mrs. Wright. The
detectives were concealed In a room and
as Thomas took the money they promptly
arrested him. -
Qulbey was found In a lodging house on
Taylor street and also locked up.
Ale Facts for Ale Drinkers.
EVANS 1 ALE poiserses a flavor so rich, yet
delicate, nn.l Is so Invigorating thnt to drink
It once Is to become a connoisseur for ever
A North Sea codman carries an outfit
of lines which extends eight miles Sn
length, and has usually Axed upon It tho
amazing number of 46S0 hooks, every one
of which must be baited. .•'-.■. ;-.. : '
m 4-'I7k^ ' •' /•:■••• c ninke special offer for* the - H
H ftj/D^^^^^ I ho iday8 a line of these Misses' M
a "^w^WtpNt ':.L»innjp. Chairs at $1.75 each: . H
I Ja j II sutib'c for beautiful and useful a
I Ja 8 II P re8cnt » made of finest quarter- tl
B I ' ' *sr)m sawed oak, highly polished. A II
I We would be Ptea***'^,?*^
I to open an account (L^^^^M^L &f
I 1 128-132 Ellis St. ianFranclsco I J^^Wjky ' ffi!k
whips, robes; blankets BRUSHES & -M
'"■'■■■ mnm -rum yAini ■»< •«■'.: -w ■ .. .houses, billiard tables,
,-.-. ■•.:• run TUB HOLIDAYS. (rowers, bookbinders, candy-makers, eannen,
: : M>..»i»i.- —--..-» .».— in,': •'><*", fiourtnlllR, ; fonnrtrlpn, UundrlesfJ paper-
STDDEBAKER B ROS. COMPANY mmt . st
W^y^^mS' Weekly Call;$1.00 per Year
HEARS DEFENSE
OF RECORDER
Mayor Believes God
chaux Innocent of
Grave Charges.
Official Says He Did Not
Receive Money Prom
Copyists.
Recorder Godchaux was In conference
yesterday with Mayor Phelan regarding
the charges made by" two discharged
copyists, Frank Urmy and Mark Bartlett,
that they had lost their positions because
they had refused to contTlhute HO. to God
chaux' campaign fund. The Mayor de
sired to ascertain If Godchaux ' had vio
lated the charter by accepting money
from his subordinates. Godchaux proved
conclusively that he had personally not
received money .for such, a purpose. He
filed the ; following communication with
the Mayor defending his position:
Mayor James D. Phelan— Dear Sir: Replylns
to your letter of November 27.-.J90J..I deny the
right of th<» Civil Service Commission to »n
temre In the management of my olnce. The
Supreme Court has decided, that. I am not sub
ject to civil service. In refusing to abide by
this decision the commission, forced my office
Into the Superior Court, where Judge Beawell
decided, as had the Supreme Court, that my
office was not civil service. I feel, therefore.
Justified In accepting the law of my office from
the highest courts In ; the State rather than
Irom any commission, v ■ .
i Pausing to the subject of the affidavits I
never asked any person In my office to contri
bute a cent to anything whatever, or suggest
>ed that any pernon In my office should coir.rib
ute anything whatever. Whether the sum of
$2 CO was by any of the deputies or copyists
In my. office requested of either Urmy or Bart
lett to .help pay the salary of a messenger for
one month, I do, not know.
. TKe Officers' Charity -Fund.
*The charity fund of a dollar a month was
a voluntary arrangement made by the em
plo)es. 1 was asked If I would contribfite
to the fund and did bo substantially. In-re
gard to contributions, of deputies of my /Cam
paign, that. If done at all, was a matter of
voluntary association among themselves. I
never spoke to an employe or authorised .any
one to speak to an employe • on • the subject.
The statements about Mr. Schiller and Mr.
Hayes are absolutely untrue. These men have
earned every cent they have received, as the
records of my office clearly prove.
» About the payment of a fee to an attorney
In the second civil service suit: At that time
the Supreme Court had decided that roy office
was not civil service. The Civil Service Com
mission refused to. accept the decision of the
Supreme Court as law, and' was narrating
and .disturbing my office- Some of the .em
ployes made arrangements' to have the matter
further litigated, to the expense* of which I
contributed; but I never asked -any employe
to contribute and never Instructed or author
ized anybody to do so. Any statement to tho
contrary Is wholly false.
I discharged Mr. Uartlett because he wrote
me an Insulting letter. I discharged Mr
Urmy for Insubordination. Very truly yours.'
EDMOXD GODCHAUX. County Recorder™'
Godchaux agreed to forbid the collec
tion of money for a charitable fund in
his office, and the Mayor sums up 'the
case In the followlnar findings:
I Findings of the Mayor. ■
I do not want to anticipate the action of the
Civil f Service Commissioners If they have
Jurisdiction, even by suggestion, as to tho
restoration of the discharged employes, but I
find that Recorder Godchaux has received no
money or other thing of value from his em
ployes, and that therefore he has not violated
the provisions of the charter, which forbids
any officer to accept any "donation or gratuity.
In money or other valuable thing, either direct
ly or Indirectly, from any subordinate or em
ploye."
There it nothing In the charter to prevent
city employes from voluntarily contributing a
part.of their salary, for. charity ox t legal < ex
pense*.' It Is the element of duress that th«
charter seeks to eliminate. Mr. Godchnux
shows that he -was not personally the h«ne
ficlary or recipient of any^ money, and that If
money , was raised and expended for specified
purposes by the employes and disbursed by
them for such purposes, all he can do now Is
to advise that- hereafter not even a fund for
charity be raised, and that each employe act
for himself In such matters and on his own
responsibility.
I find that the chief copyist has not been
compensated In a regular way. He has been
paid cut of the earnings or the offlce by credit
ing him with folios. I have recommended tu
the Board of Supervisors to nuthorlze the em
ployment of a chief copyist and pay him the
fcalaxy of UCO per month, which he now re
ceives, out of the 123,000 appropriated in the
budget for the services of copyists. This will
not Increase the number of men nor Increase
the cost of the oOln*. but simply make the em
ployment and compensation regular. ■ ,,
Henry A. Brook.
The Monarch Clothing Co. of 915 Market
street Is going out of business, but not
fast enough to suit* Mr. H. Lesser. He hus
therefore put his general, Henry A.
Brook, In charge, and he in turn will
make quick work of It. Here It goes} To
morrow all men's suits and overcoats that
cost $15 to $20 for $3 S5. No nonsense.
Tuesday $2 50 men's hats for 55 cents, also
underwear worth tl 00 at 25 cents" a gar
ment. Wednesday nothing will be sold.
The store will be closed to get ready for
the greatest sale on earth— that will tax©
place on Thursday. December 5, under, the
direction of the above named gentlemen
at the Monarch, 915 Market street, oppo
site Mason. ■ ■- ■■■■:-. ■.",■ v ,. »
Cosmopolitan's Anniversary.
Cosmopolitan Lodge of the Independent
Ordor of Odd Fellows will celebrate the
thirtieth anniversary of the institution
by n*i entertainment, and ba!l In tho u.i
semb'y hall of the Oad Fillov/sV building
on the fvenlng of tho Hih Ins;. Among
those who will attend ,wi!| bo L. G.
Schord,_tho founder and nrt>t noble grand
of the lodge. .This is to b« a complimen
tary affair. . ; . -.-..- .-.. ,; v ■' ■ >■-. ■■■■:■ -..;*
Our Indian population Is not skillful In
any line of manufacture, save their cwn
crude Industries. ;.-, . .
", . - -' " ■ -..""-;-- •'* . - . - ' - -■'"-/ ".-.'.' '. ' •■ "'. -;-'. r ■"•....'■-' V --■-. .-..'- ---..' v- , : .'"'."■
v Cofflfflencing MONDAY, December 2d, we will
have on sale the following
3— Extraordinary Bargains— 3
'. ■•. -.-: . .V-'---' '. : ,•'.''',. , •••IN***' . ; '■•.■■•'■ '.':■ ';*. '.'- '. '■-■.-■,:'
SILKS AND DRESS GOODS,
76 Diecss Extra Heavu COLORED TAFFETA
SILK, in the following colors. Light Blue,
Pink, Mais, Turauoise,. Cerise, Orange, Garnet,
Cardinal, Olive, Murtle, National, Bluett, etc.
This Taffeta is 21 Inches wide and is the
aualitu regularlg sold huus at $1,00 penjarrl
This lot will he sold at
65c Yard,
•35 pieces BLACK TAFFETA SILK, extra fine
aualitu and full 21 inches In width. This
Taffeta Is Swiss manufacture anfl always sold
at $1.00 uard. This lot will he sold at < ?
65o Yetrdr
3 cases CHECK- CAMEUS-HAIR SUITINGS, aU
wobr and 50 Inches wide. These are Yero
stulish and serviceahle goods, two-toned effects
and 14 combinations In colorings. Will make
veru acceptable holldag presents. Former
price $1.25 gard. This lot will he sold at
6Oc Yard.
01. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET,
' 'WE OWN OUfl OWH BUILD1NC-WE PAY NO RENT.
T L I . We Will
I JiWjfT^ Give You
■|^S^<2 | JL,^ (I the time to think of Christmas
H I * 3 1 'fffri^^H' presents. .You can come la and
« . I I I r^!s^r| maks your selection, and we will
>..l 1—" □ 18 I 1 put It away for you and deliver
V. C/tSH 1 I I I I Christmas week. Save time and
V- \ I— I | monty and avoid the holiday rush."
j orfiUPe aUfltnt' L- J^ We have aniaTnensa sto ck of
I Odd Pieses for Christmas
. ■ . : D .. v-L-;r« d*_ ° uJing* Snaoe*, otoves, etc. Don t
Carbad j.ust in. . Re f^ Cha^Ro- , have the money, and
I rr.an Chairs, S*cretarv Chairs, Rock. ng ■ ■/-..,. ... r \
! Chairs. Bauti uly ir roistered in all don't borrow any money. We have
i cihrs and rich design-. anJ the very : ..the eo(d ; theyareyours for the price.
I I itest patterns. Pa V for them a-Httle-at-a-time.
Free Delivery to Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley.' t J r.7
I ££', • ■ ; — -■ ■ ■ '" - -■ ;; .': ■ h ' ' " \
| THEJlNOOiNA 1>I FURNiTURECO., Inc.
ICI7-I02O mission Ctpsst, above Sixth, San Franclaco. ,
WE CLOSE AT < P. M. EVERT DAT BUT SATURDAT.
<6^C^O^O!OC©^C*KW^^
I ORIENTAL RIGS
I AT ■■;* | :
I AUCTION |
g Commencing Wednesday, Dec. 4, §
8 ABSOL.UTELT WITHOUT RESERVE. LIMIT OR SUBTERFUGE. DAILT AT 1 P. 1C. S
I AT 332 POST ST., Near Powell. 1
Q ■■■'•.■••..■ Th« delayed thlpments having arrived, with my entire stock, the largest yet of- §
w . fercd, win be sold at any price to glv. th« public a fair opportunity to buy genutr.9 ?>
g Turkish Kujts at nominal prices for X mas rifts. The name rules to be observed at ~S
g ythls sale. Start, low, bid little and buy at halt the price that can be retailed any- §
I * h ~ , M. B. MIHRAN. |
■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■IB
aSANTACLAUSs
■ AT ■
[NOME j
gi Persons desiring to j
5 send packages not ex- J
■ ceedln^ five pounds to ■
S St. Michael, Nome !
■ and vicinity can do so ■
■ through 'the "^ ■
■TRANS-ALASKA COMPANYS
■ Room ; 128, Crocker i
■Building; before De-S
■ cember 6. - . - ■ ' '-■"^:':-:\ £
iiiiiliiiiiiiiiiiiinS
DIRECTORY
§ OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES. %
Catalogues and Prlca Lists Hailed
on Application.
1 . COAL. COKE AN J Pld IRO.t. >.
J C.W1I S(iH * ffl W 0 Battery Strtet.
4' W-WlLQUn d WU»» Telephone SialolSU.
"■:«:■■;■■ FRHSH AN^ bALTMBATS.
J1S F!OYF^* Cft* 8hlppla« Butchers. 1M
<IAJ» tWICJg WU- ci >y> x«l. Mala 1M4.
" oius. ■■- \
LUBRICATINO OILS. LEONARD A EIX13.
411 Front st.. 8. F. Phone Mala 1713.
-v:-;. :;J --' ■ • PKINT1NQ. - ■ ■
E. CfflJfiHES, v m 8»ISgl T^ a. r.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JiniD CO..
•"-.' ■ ■ M First street. S*a Frsneliaa.
Weak -Men and Women
SHOULD USB DAMIANA B1TTEH3. TKD
Great Mexican Remedy: fives health and
•trenjrth to sexual organs. Depot, 123 Market*fPages35 to 48j
SWIFT SAN RAFAEL BACKS AWAY FROM THE DANGER
BUT IS STRUCK AMIDSHIPS AND SENT TOP BOTTOM
DISASTER CAUSES
INTENSE FEEDING
ACROSS THE BAY
Hundreds of Anxious
Relatives Meet
Sausalito.
Survivors Warmly Re
gp ceived by Their
Friends.
Captain Tribble Tells
of Rescue of the
Passengers.
SAUS ALJTO. Nov. 30.— The Sa\>
salito arrived here on her re
turn trip, after the sinking of
the San Rafael, at 11 o'clock.
The trip over was made with
out incident, the captain pro
ceeding: cautiously in the fog.
dcr.se, and making the
r!:7> ¦JaMt direct. A large crowd await
c i :>. .• uilval of the ferry-boat, and
tta* c:sab'.ed vessel struck the slip
< xcitement was Intense. People
rward to greet the survivors,
ves Inquired after their kin and
> sought information concerning
v.':.o were known aboard. Others
•. .he details of the disaster and as
the crews of the veseel with ques-
When the first excitement had
i. . :. 5 the survivors were ashore.
and exhausted, they were
r homes, and those who
.'ed in not finding trace
_ ¦ hurried to telephone and
f - - to make inquiries of San ,
Oa the trip the Sausalito carried about
100 pj.s£«Hetrs despite tho catastrophe
that, tad just happened. Of that num
ber aUout twenty-fire were on the tll
:'a-.c-d £an Rafael. Many of tne latter
had been dragged from the water ami
were wet to the skin. The officers of the
boat made provision for those in the en
gine ar.d fire rooms and made them as
comfortable as possible.
Ail told their stories of the collision.
Bone pained the deck of the Sausalito
before the San Rafael commenced to
eir.k and watched tne work of rescue.
Others remained on the sinking ship and
■we:;t into the water. Most of the' lafat
xaer.tior.ed think that lives were lost,
'iiiey base this statement on the difficulty
they experienced in getting saved. Cap
tain W. T. Tribble of the Sausalito said:
"We struck the San Rafael a little for
ward of the starboard wheel, impaling
her in our bow. I rushed Xrom the pilot
hoL^se to the clock first to ascertain the
extent of the injury done to the vessel
ar.d then to .iirect the saving of life, if
xi'.<.essaxy. We threw a line to the San
RiLiael ar.d lashed her to us. From where
I stood I cou'.d :=ee that she was badly
stove in and tilling with water. My ln
ter.tion was t<> keep her close so that we
might take olt as many of her passengers
its we could without the use of boat*. I
•greeted my crew, and they worked with
fost disorder and in perfect harmony. Our
life preservers were taken down and
throv.n both on the deck of the sinking
vessel and into the water, where people
•were "truggling. ,In addition we lowered
two boats and picked up those who were
FtrugfrMng in the bay. To my knowledge
there was no one drowned. The San Ra
fael wtr.t down with a plunge, bow first.
jBoapptos; the roj»es we had thrown her."
V k "hen asked where he believed the
blame should b« placed the captain re
plied. "For God's sake, don't ask n?e."
Some thrilling experiences were related
by the survivors. They told of how they
escaped a watery prave and then of their
work of rescue. In glowing words they
complimented the work of the crews as
well as the general bohavior of the pas
sengers in the moment of peril.
From what can be learned at this point
a waiter named George Treadway of the
Ban Rafael was drowned. Treadway was
pinioned by the splintering timbers when
the Sausalito struck and after some diffi
culty was extricated. He was hurried to
the upper deck of the injured vessel and
that was the last seen of him. according
to the survivors. Treadway has a wife
and child residing here. A deckhand, a
Portuguese, is also said to be lost.
Ills name is not known. Those of the
crew of the sunken chip who arrived here
Fay they did not see him on board the
Sansalito. He started to lower the boats
ok- r the collision and no trace of him has
tX found since then.
Trank Hawton, a cook on the San Ra
fael, attempted to return to the boat res
taurant in an effort to secure the cash.
Captain McKenrle, learning of his inten
tion, stopped him". Hawton persisted and
had to be dragged on board the Sausalito.
Had he returned to the dining-room he
would have been drowned.'
Peter U. ICagle Jr.. an attorney whose
home is In Sausalito. was thrown from
tho deck of tbe San Rafael by the force
of tho collision. He nwam about In the
water for some time and succeeded in
rescuing a woman who fell near him.
Kagte assisted in placing the woman over
tbe eidc of a small boat and finding no
room on board for him swam off again.
Charkji Bagge, first mate of the Sausalito,
finally threw the attorney a rope and got
him aboard.
A nrnos the other survivor* who re
turned on tbe Sausalito were S. J. Ma-
Kar of Zfj Market street, San Francisco;
John Kenny, Pine and Devisau>ro streets,
San Francisco; Fred C- Allen, 314 O'Karrell
Rlrfcfct, San Francisco; E. A. McClur**,
Echo House, San Francisco; W. T. Jones,
Bdus-alito; John Forbes, Ban Rafael: J.R.
l*lV,ri<1g«, Ban JtafaH; E. C. BurtchaH.
6S* ilafael; W. King of W. & J. Hoano,
San rYandsco. V ' •
The sense of uneasiness for those who
were known to be passengers on the San
Rafael had not abated here at a late hour.
.,■ v , • • /• j! +Up libr
FATED SAN RAFAEL AND
CREW THAT MANNED HER
THE San Rafael was built in New York and sent across the continent in pieces; Each com
ponent part was carefully shipped in boxes and bundles and upon arriving on this coast in
1877 the steamer, was 'put together over at Steamboat Point, where the Union Iron Works
now stand. Captain McKenzie has been master of the ill-fated steamer since the day she made her
first trial trip. The San- Rafael was 205 feet long and had a $2- foot beam and a p-foot depth of
hold.
The crew of the steamer when she went down was as follows: J. T. McKcnzic, % captain ;
Charles- Johnson, first mate; C. H. Jansen, second mate; James H. Jones, chief engineer; John
Campbell, assistant chief engineer; John Clarke, fireman; Fred Peterson, watchman; Paul Zara,
John Nelson, A.' Swanson and J. Silva, deckhands; John liller, porter. , •
FERRY STEAMER SADSAL1T0 PLOWS INTO SAN RAFAEL
dren. Women shouted franti
cally and men cursed. It was a
fight for life, each one for him
self. . Incidents of- bravery there
were, but they are locked up in
the breasts of- those who partici
pated in them. The darkness and
the dense, murky. fog made .each
man's fighc his own. - . i
PANIC SEIZES CROWD. ?
In the cabin the crowd congre
gated, or down in^the warm sa
loon men played cards or drank
their cocktails. • Even before the
San Rafael pulled out of the slip
there were few of the 250 passen
gers who were not timorous
about the trip across 'the bay.
Waiting minute by minute many
of the women had their nerves
at the highest pitch before the ac
cident occurred. Men less fear
ful of prospective evil walked the
upper deck straining their eyes
for ships that pass in the night.
When the crash came \he'. vision
of possible sudden death held all
in a vise-like grip. ' Action came
after the recoil.
I When the San Rafael keeled
over to the port side from the
effect of the shocjc the cabin pas
sengers lost control, of them
selves. Windows were smashed,
and instead of reaching the deck
by means of trie ordinary -door
exits they tore their hands and
faces climbing through the'-djftn
ings of shattered glass; Then
came the confusion in the search
forJife-preservers. The % San>Riu
fael was a queerly. built boat and
few knew where . these canvas-
SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY, DECEMBER :*,■ 1901.
Continued From Page Twenty-One.
covered floaters were located.
But they soon found out. Only
an eye-witness can picture in his
mind the wild, chaotic fear mani
fested by that seething, surging
crowd, pushing, trampling, fight
ing in the fullness of their terror.
ORDER TO MAN BOATS.
Orders to man boats were
given by Captain McKenzie of
the San Rafael as soon as he '•eal
ized the full meaning of the col-/
lision. One crdwd - of i twelve
jumped into a lifeboat, and were
lowered, but'soon after swamped.
They -..clung to the gunwales of
the small boat and were rescued.
There, were men and women in
this lot and all were saved. One
mother, in her excitement, fas
tened a life-preserver around her
child, a little boy, and then threw
him into the .-water. He was
saved;. But these means of es
cape were taken , only' by those
who suffered a great confusion of
mind; . To the more collected,
after <the first panic,", the easiest
road ,to safety was- to jump from
one boat to another. By far the
greater majority escaped this
way. u . _^\- .. . /; .;.' ■.■,•; \ *Y.,,- r
/Then the Sausalito iowered her
boats and began picking man,
woman and child from impro
vised rafts, boats , and ropes that
were let down from the unin
jured ferryrbbat. vMen, clung a, to
these , ropes until; nothing, but
their grit was left of them. Bodies
well nigh, frozen from , the jciness
of the water/ and hands stiffened
and cramped, they held on until
grim despair gave way to the
Tush of joy at being saved..
THE RESCUED REJOICE.
Many there were last night
ebullient with joy at being res
cued from a watery grave, that
told of the horror of the scene*
The piteous cry of the women
and the children still rang in their
ears, and they feared that many
more were lost than was at first
supposed. . .
»• While floating on their life
preservers \V. , L. Beecly,. Miss
Fannie Shoobert and Mrs. Olfve
Hamilton, of Sausalito.- picked
up a little boy. He was floating
on a bench. All were saved.
PASSING BOAT GIVES NO AID. .
The San Rafael sank, slowly.'
While the cries of the affrighted
were mingled with the throaty
turmoil of the foghorns, a boat
passed near the scene of the ac
cident. Immediately a shout of
distress went up. Men on the
passing boat answered the cries
of the distressed, but no help was
given. Soon after, the San Ra
fael disappeared with a fierce suc
tion. Then all was calm and quiet
save the piercing fog whistle. ,
; Drenched < to- the skin, .those
who were rescued or saved them-,
selves scattered- about the ..water
front:. v"Meri, . coatless,. colorless
and hatless, with scared looks in
their . eyes; stood" chattering on
the street corners; Some still
wore the life-preservers ■ - and
would not give them up. Others
came uptown and " hurried i to"
counteract the possibilities .of
THRILLING AND HEROIC RESCUE OF PASSENGERS WHO WERE
THROWN INTO THE WATER BY THE COLLISION OR WHO JUMP
ED OVERBOARD WHILE PANIC STRICKEN. -
catching cold with warm internal
draughts. The man who hiftl
no friend aboard and who came
off unscathed was a happy ma,n
indeed. . ~
The ne\yjv of the disaster trav
eled • quickly. When the Sausa
lito entered her slip on her return
trip the employes at- the dock
scented the calamity. Hardly had
the boat made. /fast when the
crowd surged forward. Dripping
men, terror-stricken wSmen and
children, excited almost to. deli
rium, rushed over the. gangplank
in great confusion. Telephones
were in demand by tlje thought
ful ones. Through the town th&
news was disseminated and with
in an hour the crowds around the
bulletin-boards read the awful
story. What San Francisco had
been fearing for years, had, at last
come to pass.
IS POSITIVE WOMEN
• WERE ON SAN RAFAEL
• . WHEN SHE WENT DOWN
Graphic Recital of J. D. Connolly, Ex-
Consul General to New Zealand,
a Passenger on the Sausalito.
J. D. Connolly, j ex-Consul General' to
New. Zealand, was among the passengers
on tho Bausalitoat the time. she. collided
with the San Rafael. .He made the fol
lowing,, statement.' of :the affair: ■
"I was In the upper cabin reading a
paper when I heard the crashing of tim
ber. The boat lurched to ono side and
came almost to a -halt. .There was great
excitement among the passengers. The
women . screamed , and j a , rush was made
for the deck. 1 The fog was intense, but
before us loomed up n large fabric which
I made out to be a steamer. Our bow
was .Imbedded In the steamer's side, and
I then realized that we were in collision.
There was great excitement. It was then
Just 6:20 o'clock. - Captain McKenzle was
Issuing orders and ropes were secured,
with which the two boats-were; fastened
together. I saw people in the cabin of
the 8an Rafael trying .<■ to get out by
breaking the windows. Several '• passen
gers ' appeared on the wheel framework
of the San Rafael and were assisted to
the' deck of the Sausalito by the passen
gers. We threw life preservers over-,
board to those we saw^ struggling* In the
water. I saw at' least a dozen people . In
the water. \_ : . .'■.•'■.'' ■'' ■'• '■
1 . "We were running on - slow ■ time when
STATES THAT MAN
LOST HIS LIFE IN
THE DINING-ROOM
the crash occurred. I heard the whistle
blow at intervals, but did not realise the
danger until the collision took place. I
think some fifty or more people were as
sisted to the Sausalito from tho San
Rafael.' I am not certain as to the num
ber, however. I am positive that there
were women and children In the cabin
of th-s San Rafael when she went down.
This was about twenty" minutes after the
accident. There did not seem to be much
discipline displayed by the officers of the
San Rafael. The work was done by the
passengers rather than by the crew of
that beat. After the San Rafael went
down we drifted about aimlessly, and
about an hour later we were told by n
tugboat captain that we were near Fort
Point. This gave. Captain JJcKcnzie our
bearings and we got into the slip at 9:«
o'clock. ...
"I have no .- means "of knowing how
many lives were, lost, but -the ' number
must be t considerable. I saw a number
of people, struggling iii the water and am
certain there were .women and children
In the cabin when the boat went. down.
The crew of yie'Sausrtlitd Mid- "no't acquit
themselves very creditably." That r they
were excltedXwas .evident. The rescue
work was performed almost exclusively
by the passengers. of both boats." :
GRAPHIC DESCRIPTION
OlF DREAD DISASTER
in a wall-like roa
Benjamin F. Scouler Expresses Belief
That Fevr Lives Were Lost and
. That All Children Were Saved. •
Benjamin P. Scouler of the WUl.'ams
Marvin Co., said: -
"I missed the 5:45 boat and went over
on the San Rafael. It was pretty touch
work from the time we left, the slip Off
Lombard-street wharf there was not a
soul aboard knew where we were It wan
like looking into a great big wall We
could hear bells being rung air around us
and knew that we were somewhere In
the vicinity of . vessels at anchor. One of
the bells we took to be the fog signal on
Lombard-street ' wharf, but nobody was
sure of It. Down toward the Golden
Gato wo heard a whistle going and some
body said it was the LJme Point signal
Somebody else remarked, 'For God's sake
what are we doing away down there"" I
made the remark that we must be some
where off Alcatraz and at that moment
there came a whistle through the fog
Before any of us had. time to make an
other remark tho Sausalito was down on
top of us and everybody was making a
scramble to go on board of her. Tho San
Rafael was hit so hard that she heeled
Tight over and I thought for a minute
that she was going down bodily. In
stead of . that one righted herself and
the captain and officers went to work
and lowered the lifeboats and got out the
life preservers. \
"Everybody wanted a life* preserver and
yet they : didn't. uThey wanted -it in a
hurry, or they didn't want it-at all The
result of it was nine-tenths of the
life preservers on the ship were thrown
overboard for anybody who might be the
Continued on Page Thirty-Eight.
-ajTlYI I ill 44* ♦♦»♦♦♦♦ ♦♦♦♦'♦'♦ ♦♦>>O
>m * ** ♦ H ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ M M M » ♦ ♦ M ♦ ♦ t ♦ ♦ M •
W. J. Boyd SeesPas
senger "Pinioned in
• Restaurant.
J. Hartwell Either
Killed by Timbers
or Drowned.
Brave Telegraph Op
erator Makes Sev
eral Rescues.
WJ. BOYD, a tele
graph operator.who
la a brother of
Thomas P. Boyd,
City Attorney o£
gk San. Rafael, had
™ one of the narrow
est escapes of any
one aboard the San Rafael, and yet there
was perhaps nobody on the Ill-fated
steamer who after the collision performed
more heroic services than he. Boyd's
thrilling story bodes 111 to the hope that
there were no fatalities resulting from
the accident. Boyd. who Is to-day laid up
In bed from Injuries received trying: to
aid others, believes that a man named
J. Hartwell was either, killed In the res
taurant, where the prow of the -Sausalito
rammed through tho San Rafael.' or so
badly! injured that: he was unable to es
cape and was carried to the bottom of
the bay with the steamer when she- went
down. Boyd last saw Hartwell when they
all made a mad rush out of the way of
the breaking timbers In the. restaurant.
Hartwell was pinned under a falling tim
ber and It looked as If he was dead. • .
Boyd also tells a realistic story of the
•rescue of one child and the reported loss
of another; "-v \ >.-■■ : .- : / ■'.-..■': '■■■■■
When Boyd and his companions succeed
ed In getting on the upper deck of the
steamer they did not stop to consider
their own injuries.- The brave telegraph
operator was. severely cut about the lipj
and he was limping from a brul3ed side,
.but he. set about at once to lend bis aid
In the task of succoring the helpless wom
en and children. About the first person
Boyd saw In dire distress was a Mrs. Wal
ler of Boss Station. The unfortunato
woman was rushing around the upper
deck of the San Rafael with two helpless
children holding tightly to her dress. One
of the children was a boy about 4 years
old. and the other a girl, slightly older.
Boyd grabbed the two children and call
ing aloud. to Mrs. Waller, told her to fol
low him. . -. » • . .
The operator led the way to the side of
the deck where, the Sausallto's passen
gers were casting lines to unfortunates
aboard the San Rafael. . On the . way .to
safety. Mrs. 'Waller became frantic and
hysterical and snatched the boy out of
Boyd's arms. A moment later she dis
appeared from view and Boyd clambered
over the side of the Sausalito with the
other child safely folded ' away ' In his
arms. Later Mrs. Waller. In trying to
get aboard the Sausalito, fell over the
side with her* boy In her arms. She was
in the water quite a time, and when they
finally pulled her out. she began walling
and moaning over the disappearance o£
her "sob.* • *•'.-,- • . •
. , Seeing Boyd on the deck of the Sausaltto
she ran ; upMo him and cried: "My- God!
My God! my boy Is drowned!"/
"After landing Mrs. Waller's " girl safely
aboard the Sausalito.-: Boyd 'Jumped Into
one ■ of ' the Sausallto's; Hf e boats i and ■ with
several* other passengers 'did- good service
In' pulling people out-'of the -water. = He
saw a vilttle girl about* five years of 'age
floating. on a bench and- succeeded in res
cuing her. This child,. whose name Is not
known, was packed from -the San -Rafael
by Charles F. Sciller of Sausallto. . •
. Its mother made' her way along a nar
row-gang'plank some distance ahead.
Whenthe party was halfway across the
breach between- the vessels' widened and
the plank dropped, plunging man. woman
and baby into the water. Sciller lost sight
of the woman and swam about with the
child in his arms.* There was no boat near
nor dangling rope In sight and, becoming
exhausted, the swimmer placed his little
burden on a bench that was floating near
by and swam back to the sinking ship.
Mr. Boyd's sister was a passenger on the
Sausalito on the trip to the city,- but
after the accident she turned around and
went back to her home In San Rafael to
nurse her brother's injuries.
JAMES McCTJE STRUCK
BY FLYING TIMBERS
AND BJlDLY INJURED
James's. McCue. the well-known horse
man and old-time circus man. who lives at
Corte Madera. was f probably about the
most seriously injured of tho survivors.
He was In the restaurant of the San Ra
fael at the time of the collision and was
thrown across the room with considerable
violence. He had his right arm broken,
his right ear almost torn from his head
and sustained Internal Injuries which may
prove very serious. He la at present In
the Central Emergency Hospital.
He relates his experiences as follows:
I was sitting- at the head of the table in the
ladles' department of the restaurant. There
were three other passengers at the table. When
the crash came 1 was sent spinning across thu
place. I found myself In a corner with my
arm broken and my ear hanging down the side
of my face. When 1 recovered from the shock
1 realised that «om*tblnc serious had hap
pened and that tho boat was poir.ff to sink. I
managed to make my way on deck, where I
found every thing* in- confusion and everybody
struggling to gat Inside of life-preservers. I
pulled oft my coat and threw it away. - There
was 1400 • In greenbacks In the breast pocket,
which I meant to transfer to my pantaloons,
but forsot In the ruah for a JumplnK-oiT placa.
I found myself on th« upper deck and Just be
fore the steamer sank I leaped into the water.
I managed to swim around until I caught hold
of a lino, to which I. hung with my left hand,
for nearly a quarter of an hour before, Z was
picked up. I have been through ■ soraa pretty
tough experiences ia Alaska, but now tay.
tiUng uka Uila. . :36
GREAT CONFUSION FOLLOWS THE COLLISION AND PASSENGERS HOLD TO BELIEF
THAT IN THE EXCITEMENT AND DARKNESS MANY WENT DOWN TO TERRIBLE DEATH
ENGINEER
GIVES HIS
VERSION
Opens Safety Valve
and 1 hen Becomes
Unconscious.
Chief of San Rafael's
Engine Room at
His Post.
Prompt Action Saves
the Steamer From
Explosion. ;
.^^^^^ JCGINEER Joseph Jones of 44ie
jT™^^ San Rafael was slightly, in
■_^V_. Jured In the collision. He re-
B™^^ ceived a lacerated wound
■ ; : ; - of the scalp from flying tim
|8_^^^ here. He says that he was
specially cautious and during
' .- ' ; the trip h« never moved out
of reach of his engines. He also had an
assistant in the engine room to help him.
"When the collision came," he said, "I
was stunned with a blow. When I re
covered 1 had presence of mind enough
to open the safety valve so that there
could; not be an explosion. I can remem
ber nothing more until I found myself on
the Sausalito."
Engineer Jones ■ was taken to the Occi
dental Hotel. His physcllan says that his
Injuries are not dangerous.
W0XA2T TELLS STOEY
OP WKECK AND SAYS
- SCENE WAS TERRIBLE
Kiss Annie Lewis Charges That
Terry Crew Lost Their Heads
When Fatal Clash Came. ■•
Miss Annie Lewis was on her way to »a n
Rafael. In discurelng the disaster sho
said: .
"After paying a visit to my aunt In
San Francisco I had to make a great rush
to get the 6:1a boat. When I got down
there, there was no sign of the gate
opening and I wondered what was the
matter. I asked the ticket agent and
he said the fog was delaying ail the
boats. Finally at 6:20 we got away from
the slip and when we were off Lombard
street wharf, as it appeared to me, there
came a crash. Nobody knew where we
were. I got out on deck and found that
the Sausalito and our boat were In colli
sion. The San Rafael had a big hole stove
in her side and was going down. Every
body w^ rushing for the Sausalito while
all har.os were trying to get the boats
over. The crew seemed to have lost their
heads and while life buoys were thrown
over by the dozen, the lifeboats were not
put in the water until the last minute.
"The deckhands seemed to be sleepy
and moved around as if there was noth
ing at all the matter, while in fact the
ship was cut to the water's edge and as
far as I could sse the firemen had to rush
from the engine rocin to save their lives.
I got one of the life buoys, but luckily I
didn't have to go overboard. After getting
on board the Sausalito everything possible
was done for us. And I don't think that
many lives were lost.
•"While I was getting my things together
and trying to save them, a woman and
a baby came along and the baby was cry-
Ing and evidently wanted its mother to
attend to It. I offered to take the baby
and help the mother out. but she wouldn't
allow me to do so. The next thing I knew
was that the mother and baby were try-
Ing to scramble up a plank that had been
placed between the Sausalito and the San
itafiH. and they suddenly disappeared.
TThether they fell between the two boats
and were lost I don't know, but I walked
all over the upper and lower deck of the
fjausallto and could find no trace of them.
I saw Jim McCue thrown against one of
the posts and when he got up the blood
was pouring from his head, but just the
name be started in to help people from
the sinking San Rafael to the Saus>allto.
We were right in the fair way and both
steamers were rolling heavily. The next
lurch threw McCue and a lady he was
helping against the side of the vessel and
then he had to be helped aboard the Sau
sallto because his arm was broken and
he had received a number of other in
juries. After quite an exciting time I got
aboard the Sausalito and finally got back
to San Francisco. As you can see. I am
still wearing the life belt they threw out
on the deck when the collision occurred.
W> had a very lucky escape, but I don't
think many lives were lost."
SCENES OF TEBBOR
ATTEND COLLISION
IN THE HEAVY FOG
Tor a Time Pandemonium Reigned
and Efforts to Save People in
Water Were Nearly Wasted.
M. A. Jackson tells the following story
of tlie disaster.
"I had been up town and Intended to
catch the 5:45 boat. Instead of that I pot
the 6:15. much to my sorrow. We were
t»etween Lombard -street wharf and Alca
traz Island when the reverse bell came,
and I among others went out on dc/*k.
We couldn't see the ship's length and
wondered what was the matter. In some
direction we could hear bells ringing and
knew the sound came from English ships
rn the stream, and then we heard two
whistles and thought It was the Tiburon
making for San Francisco. Then we
hoard twa blast* from our whistle and
two blasts again, and the 8an Rafael
stopped and began to go astrrn. Then we
began to wonder what was the matter,
and before we could come to our sens?*
something came along and struck us and
knocked us over till we didn't know what
v.a* tho matter.
"The next thing I knew was that our
rhJp began to settle. I made no hurry,
because I thought that the upper works
would keep her afloat, and that while the
bottom might drop out of her we still
would have time enough to get aboard
any boat that came to our assistance. I
den't think many people were drowned,
because when I got on deck there were
four lifeboats out and lifebuoy* floating
around enough for a man to walk on.
They had made an Improvised gangway
between the San Rafael and the Sausalito,
and while there was considerable confu
tion, I believe few lives were lost.
"As far as the accident Is concerned, it
Is one of those unavoidable things that is
bound to corae up once in a lifetime. Cali
fornia has never. In my experience, seen
such a heavy fog as prevailed during this
SPECTATORS WATCHING TUGS LEAVING THEIR DOCKS TO TAKE UP THE WORK OF RESCUE.
last twenty-four hours, and I hope to God
I shall never et e another like it."
Charles Bagge. chief officer of the San
Rafael, said:
"The collision came like a thunderbolt
out of a clear sky, even if it was a foggy
night. I was on the starboard quarter
and keeping a lookout on my own ac
count. I heard one whistle but could not
see anything. Then I heard one whls^e
again. Then the next thing I heard was
the old man give two bells: then our ship
began to slow up; then there were two
bells more and she began to go astern;
then I knew there was trouble. The next
minute before I could turn on my heel
there was a smash. The Sausalito had
struck us forward of the pilot house. We
heeled over until the starboard paddle
box -was clean out of the water and I
thought we were going down. There were
cries from stem to stern of the ship and
for a while pandemonium reigned."
Frank Hyams, foreman of J. H. Keefe,
painter, said: .
"We were about fifteen minutes out
from the slip when the San Rafael dash
ed into us. It was about 6:30. I was sit
ting in the saloon playing cards. The Bau
salito struck and broke right through the
restaurant. I should judge there were
about 250 people aboard. The crowd was
greater than the ordinary Saturday night
crowd. The crash was great. The panic
that followed was awful to hear. I saved
a friend by the name of Leonard, a law
yer of the firm of Leonard & Hawkins. I
pulled him out of the water."
Charles E. Wendt. foreman of Samp
son & Flsger. sallmakers, tells the follow
ing story:
"When the crash came I was in the sa
loon and I rushed to the upper deck. I
walked from the San Rafael to the Sau-
CAPTAIN M'KENZIE OJF THE SAN RAFAEL,
THINKS ALL PASSENGERS WE RE SAVED
CAPTAIN J. T. McKENZIE, master of the sunken steamer San Rafael, is perhaps the most reliable authority on just how the accident occurred and the details of
the exciting scenes that followed subsequently. His statement of 'the affair is as follows : / ; X
"I was in the pilot-house when the Sausalito ran us down and zvas the last man to leave the steamer prior to her going down. We left our slip about 6:20
o'clock and backed out into the bay. I made my usual round turn rather slowly and cautiously, as there were several craft picking their way up and down the bay as I
came out. ,-■■- '. -■;■. ■ ■ ■ '■••■"''.'•' - ■ - •';..-■ V^*'"' '■■■ '■?.? ■...'■."■-'. . ;: -'v ■.<•-■ '•"•'- ■'■'■■'■■ .• ' V. : ..*- .- ' .- :^ ':'■'■ ■'/■■:■. '. v ■
"After turning around I shaped my course for.Alcatras. The fog was the thickest that I have seen on- the bay for many years. I ran along ovCa slow bell and
passed a tug to the port shortly after leaving the slip. After steaming along- a- few minutes I picked up the bell off the end of Lombard street. It was then about 6:30 o'clock,
or thereabouts. As soon as I, got my bearings from the bell I shaped my usual course for Alcatraz, running along under -slow bell. My lookout, C. H. Jansen, the second-mate,
was peering into the dense fog at the bow and my first mate, Charles Johnson, was with. me in 'the pilot-house. !■: • : . , '■:'■■'."■*■ ■ '-
"About half-way between Lombard street and Alcatraz Island I heard the Sausalito's whistle. Shc^ was coming toivard me on her way from Sausalito. The
fog was at this time as dense as rver I have seen it on the bay, and I have been navigating her zvatcrs since 1849. Some little time before the Sausalito got near its I stopped
my boat and blew the danger signal. The Sausalito anszvered with her two whistles and I backed my boat* I kept her backing all the time, for I zvanted to take-un
usual precaution. While zvc were backing I suddenly saiv the dim outlines of the Sausalito's lights steaming licad-on under slow bell toward my boat. She was scarcely a
boafs length away when I first sazv her. T^he Sausalito crashed into the San Rafael just a little forzvard of amidships, where the restaurant is situated. It was' quite a
crash, but at the time I did not think it was serious enough to sink her. The women and children began to scream and many of the men folks became greatly excited. I
held my post and sent my mate below to find out the extent of tlie, damage and quiet the passengers. My crezv took their proper positions and as far as they were concerned
they kept their heads and zvorked according to their accident drill. , .■:•.,.■'•■ . . :« • : " « " P^V^V^v^
"In the meantime I sang out to Captain. Tribble of "the Sausalito to ;stay alongside and pass us a line, which he did. As soon as i'wi 'made fast Johnson came back
and reported that there was a big hole in the San Rafael's side. I then set about to do^what I could to see that everybody got aboard the Sausalito. We lozvered three life
boats and the Sausalito lowered two; Men, women and children piled into them, but we [put most of the passengers vn'the Sausalito by handing them over the rail. We
passed the women and children over the rail and through the windows and most of the men hustled on to the Sausalito without any aid.
, . "Nearly all of the passengers had on life preservers and after the first shock they behaved themselves 1 , very < zvcll. They were as cool andasjiervyaloiofpcople
as I. would want to sec anywhere. The steamer was not settling very rapidly during tlie time we were getting the passengers aboard the Sausalito^W lien her hold got fuU
of water she started to sink very rapidly, but at this time all of the passengers were aboard the Sausalito. If some of the passengers did not jump overboard during the pa\iic
immediately following the collision, and my personal opinion is that there were not any who were so foolish to do that, I should say that 'there were not 'any f lives lost. • 1 dm
quite certain that nobody was lost overboard during the trans f 'erring of 'the passengers. Those that were in the water /were hauled aboard "with ropes and everybody who
went into the lifeboat that capsised had life preservers on. . * • v ','''., ,;.; v ; ; -
; "As the steamer sank she listed to the starboard and in going. down her -forward mast nearly smashed one of the lifeboats that zvaMying 'lorigside the Sausalito.
I was the last man to leave the San Rafael and -'when I left the sinking steamer there was not a living soul aboard? I took a good look through the cabin and even ivcht
below and cut the halter rope that held our freight horse, Dick. I tried to' lead hinlout -toward the deck a
started so he could have a chance to get overboard when she sank and possibly swim ashore. I' don'^ know whether
Rafael there zvas not a single passenger aboard thel sinking steamer." * - ' . . ..- -
THE SAN FRANCISCO VCALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER j;i^
tallto. I saw Captain Tribble. I said to
him why don't you lower the boats. At
this time the Sausalito's boats were, not
lowered. He -replied everything was all
light. I know that a man by tho name
of Fay of Corte Madera was on board.
Jack Forbes of Mill Valley and Frank
McBridc. of 8an Quentln." _•
'Andrew Wcstwater. draughtsman, said:
"I know that the .whistles Were blowing
from the time we left the slip and we
were going ahead at a slow but steady
rate. Suddenly from my position on the
upper deck I heard a whistle on the star
board bow. Shortly after, less than a
minute, the Sausalito crashed into us a
short distance above the paddle box. She
backed away soon after. It waa fully
ten minutes and probably fifteen min
utes before the San Rafael sank. When
the Sausalito backed away the water be
gan to rush into the -gap. I got into one
of the small boats with ten or twelve oth
ers. We were swamped and all of us. I
am pretty sure, came up and clung to the
gunwale. There were some women In this
boat. A Miss Bridgman of Sausalito was
one of them. It seemed to me as If we
were clinging to that boat for a full half
hour. All were rescued. In the party
were Will Shore of San Francisco and a
Mr. Moore of Corte Madera."
SAYS THE SAUSALITO
BACKED AWAY AFTEB
HITTING SAN BAFAEL
J. D. Warrack Believes That at Least
Eighty People Went Into the
Water After the Accident.
J. D. Warrack. an employe of the White
House residing In Sausalito, was one of
the passengers on - tho. San Rafael when
she met with disaster. /In 6peaklng of tho
Idss of tho ferry-boat said last
night: ** I# --«6W^::~- V:T^- ,"
. "I arrived 'At tho forry slip about 6:13
p. m. The boat was to leave ut 6:15 p. m. f
but she was ten minutes late. I should
Judge ., that between 200 and 250. people
went on the 8an Rafael when the ferry
gates were opened. I went to the card
room as soon as I got on the boat ami
was playing: whist' when the collision took
place. ' The fog was very iiense, in fact I
have never seen a thicker fog in the six
years I have lived across the 'bay. Th>;
San 'Rafael was going at half speed from
the time we started until the Sausalito
ran- into her. • .* . '
"I heard whistles blown while we were
playing cards, but I did not pay any par
ticular attention to them. We knew noth
ing of the Sausalito bcjng close to us until
the collision, took place. The Saunallto
struck us on the side opposite to the curd
room 1 .wh.e.re I. was. .1. ran. out on deck
and Captain Johnson, the second mate,
told me we were in no danger. I, got a
life preserver and put It on. There was
no difficulty in getting the life 1 preserver*.
Every one around' had them on.
"There was considerable pxcitement but
no panic. Women were p creaming and
the men were trying to tjuict them. When
I got around to the other 'side of the boat
the Sausalito was close to us. She had
backed off after the collision and then
came up head-on and tied up to the San
Rafael. I helped to get women and chil
dren from the San Rafael to the SausalltS.
"Many women who were in the upper
saloon were helped through the windows
to the bridge-house, and then from that
point reached the Sausalito.
"I think that about 200 people had got
on board the Sausalito when a fireman of
the San Rafael came on deck and said the
boat was sinking. The life boats of the
two ferry-boats were lowered by tHis
time. ■• The passengers lowered them. I
helped to lower two. I saw many people
jump into the water when It was stated
that the San Rafael was sinking. I
should Judge that eighty people went into
the water. We threw life preservers over
from the Sausalito and lowered lanterns
with ropes.
"Two tugs came up to the scene. One
of them was there before the San Rafael
sank, the second one came up afterward.
I saw many people brougnt to the Sausa
lito In the small boats. I think about
forty were saved by the life boats. I sup
pose that the two tugs must have picked
some of the people up. I should judge
that about forty people were missing
when account was taken on the Sausalito.
If they were not saved by the tugs they
must have been drowned. The Sausalito
drifted with the ebb tide for fifty minutes
after the collision and people were being
picked up all the time by the life boats. .
"I think that the boats were lowered in
good time and that everything was done
by Captain McKenzle that It was possible
to do under the circumstances." . ■'.,
BELIEVES THE COOK, :
WAS BADLY INJTTBED
\: IN BAY COLLISION
S. Crisp of San Anselmo Hears Groan
ing After the Two Steamers
O.mo Together in Fog.
S. Crisp, a marine engineer of the trans
port Sherman, who resides at San An
selmo. was a passenger on tho boat. He
was accompanied by his brother-in-law,
E. C. Counter, an electrician, who was
also saved. He said:
"I was standing by the engine-room
smoking 'when I heard a scraping nofse.
which I instantly knew was a collision. I
yelled to my brother-in-law to get a life
preserver' and he rushed aft while I ran
forward. I ran on deck and scrambled on
board the Sausalito. My only thought
was to save my life, but when I reached
a place of safety I helped others.
"The passengers seemed to have a pre
monition of impending danger. They were
highly nervous because of the dense fog.
Every one seemed to be talking about the
danger of collision and was half ex
pecting an accident. - When the shock
came I heard groaning and I feel certain
that the cook, was pinioned by fa'llng
timbers. If any lives were lost they were
children, as the elder people had ample
time to escape from the sinking steamer."
ANGELO BRIZZQTfABA
AND FRANCIS MULHEEN
ARE RATED AS HEEOES
Miss Virginia Beam, Besetted After
"a Half Hoar's Submersion, Gives
Graphic Account of Their Work.
Angelo Brizzolara of San Anselmo, a
coal dealer at 1017 Washington street, this
city, and his friend, Francis Mulhern of
Kent -station, were passengers on the
San Rafael and were the first persons to
jump from the sinking .-.steamer. But
Brizzolara and Mulhern proved them
selves to be heroes and assisted in saving
many ! liyes. , •
Both grabbed colls of rope and with re
assuring cries threw them to the frenzied
ASSISTANT
STANDS AT
THE LEVER
Christensen Ready to
Reverse Engine j
at Signal. **
Dense Fog Makes Him
Fear Possible
Collision.
Not a Moment Lost at
First Evidence of
Danger.
MARTIN CHRISTENSEtf,
first assistant engineer on
the San Rafael, said:
"I was at the bar whea
the first signal came- to re
verse. Chief Jones had
stepped outside and we
were running under a slow
bell. I had my hand on the lever from
the time we left the ferry slip, and for
the first time In my experience the bar
was not taken out of the slot I was
standing with one hand on the. lever and
one on the bar to reverse the enginy-t
the first call when, not to my. surprisdflt
came. It was th© heaviest weather I hatve
ever seen on the bay, and I knew that
at any moment there would be a call
to reverse the engine. It cams shorter
and sharper than I expected, and before
we could get sternway on the San Rafael
the Sausalito crashed Into us forward of
the pilot house.
"She cut us down to the water's edge,
and a few minutes later the firemen came
up and told me that the water was rush
ing into the engine room. I told them to
bank the fires and come up. By banking
the fires 1 thought that It .would -take
quite a while for the water to get to them,
and if the collision was very serious that
we would be able to keep enough steam
on her to make land somewhere. Chief
Jones in the meantime was. doing an he
could to help some of the people, and
while getting out one of the boats was
thrown against one of the stanchions and
had his scalp badly torn. He was, also
rolled Into the scuppers and his right arm
and right leg were badly lacerated. There
Is absolutely no cause that can be given
for the accident outside of the fact, that
no vessel could find her way In the fog."
passengers. When many saw how hero
ically these two men were working therl
was a wild scramble to get hold of tb»
ropes thrown by them, but neither, .man
would assist the men who were trying to
crowd the women and children aside;
"Stand back!" "Don't get excited!"
"Keep quiet!" each cried alternately, but
the wild crush continued. During this
time Miss Virginia Beam was swept out
of the lower cabin Into the water. She
says she was floating around for half an
hour before she was rescued, yet all the
time witnessed the gallant work of th»
two young men.
"I do not know how I got Into the wa
ter," said Miss Beam last night. "I was
near the kitchen when the boats struck
and was soon swept Into the water. I saw
Briwolara and Mulhern throwing the.
ropes to save the frightened passengers.
But as I am a good swimmer I felt n»
fear and easily kept afloat, i
"When Mrs. Waller found that her lit
tle boy was gone she tried to Jump over*
board. Brizzolara seized her with on«
hand, wound a rope around her and him
self, and the other end around a
stanchion. Others came to his rescue and •
restrained Mrs. Waller. Just about this
time Brizzolara saw me In the water and
threw the rope to me. I grabbed It and 1
he pulled me aboard.
"No sooner had I got on the boat *bnn
Brizzolara fainted. Something In hla
chest seemed to snap and he fell In s
heap on the floor. The doctor who at
tended him said something In his •fc^T
had given way, but he could not te*
what. He was carefully nursed and was
sent to his brother's house.
"The crews of both boats acted splen
didly and deserve great credit."
Miss Beam, owing to her long Immer
sion, was immediately placed on a bed
and put under the Influence of sleep pro
ducing medicines, as It was feared that
the shock to her nerves would be very se
vere. She was not allowed to be seen and
the attending physician says that It will
be some days before she recovers..
It was on the Saturday night following
Thanksgiving day. three years ago, that
the father and sisters of Brizzolara were,
passengers on the steamer T.C. Walker
The boiler of the latter exploded. Brtxxol
lara senior was killed and his daughters
were seriously Injured. The accident of
yesterday had a -peculiar significance to
Angelo Brizzolara, the day being regard
ed as the anniversary of his father's
death. . •
SMASHES THE CABIN
WINDOWS TO RELEASE
FEAR-STEICZEN WOMEJX
Clinton Mason, a resident of Sausalito.
was a passenger on the Ill-fated steamer
San Rafael. For a while he was on the
lower deck, but because of the heavy,
penetrating fog he sought the .upper
cabin. When the craah came Mr. Ma% n
was seated well aft In the cabin. JrjSe
only means of escape for the penned- In
passengers was through the door, quite a
distance forward of his position. .
The many women In the cabin were for
the moment panic-stricken and seemingly
unable to hel:> themselves. Aa the
steamer settled lower and lower In the
water the excited and half-crazen ladle*
crowded toward the stern of the boat
Realizing that something must be done,
and quickly, too, to avert a genoral panic
in the cabin. Mr. Mason commenced to
break the windows and tear away their
sashes that a mode of egress might be ob
tained.
As soon as a place was cleared the
women crowded about, and it was with
some effort that Mr. Mason quieted their
fears and satisfied them that there was no
danger If they kept cool. One by one the
women wcrt passed through the. open
space. In the meantime some of the pas
sengers had taken advantage ot the for
ward door. Several women were cut and
scratched by small pieces left In' tho
broken sashes, and Mason's hands were
badly cut in breaking th« windows. /:
Once out :■ of the : cabin j the women
climbed into a lifeboat that hung from the
davits «f tho Sausalito, . .Vyr*
As they crowded in the bottom fell fcit.
some of the women reached the decs. of
tho Sausalito*. Tlie others wore forced
back to the slnklnsr steamer, but even
tually they were transferred' without fur*
thermic- ■ . . .SAUSALITO'S PASSENGERS STRIVE HEROICALLY TO SAVE THEIR FELLOW-MEN
AND SCORES OF IMPERILED MEN AND WOMEN OWE LIFE TO THEIR COOLNESS
TURMOIL
FOLLOWS
CRASH
Sausalito Ties to the
Stricken Ferry
j* Steamer.
Whitehall Boat Tells
of Tugs Going to
the Rescue.
Vessels Drift a Tlile
After Shock of
Collision.
•«r "W L - BARREN of this city
Bfl H was a passenger on the
p>M« steamer San Rafael. His
H E account of the disaster
13 ll Is as follows:
E H A "I started for Sausallto
*^^ ™ on tbe 6:15 boat, but we
did not pet away from
the slip until about 6:25. The fog was
very thick— so dense that nothing could
be seen. I was in the after cabin on the
lower deck, and I should judge that there
were one hundred passengers on the deck.
How many were above I do not know. It
seemed to me that the other boat, the
-4?.jsalito. crashed into our steamer, strik
{rx us forward of midships. We were
Fcmg slow and sounding the whistle. I
think we were backing when the collision
came. A great deal of confusion fol
lowed, the crash. The women and chil
dren in the cabin above rushed below,
end many who were in the lower cabin
hastened above. While there was a
great deal of confusion there was not a
panic. I did not see any passengers
jump overboard. What impressed me
most was the lack of system upon the
part of the San Rafael's crew. With the
assistance of passengers I think all the
persons aboard were provided with life
preservers.
"After the crash the Sau5alito tied to
the San Rafael and stood right by us un
tH our boat sank. The San Rafael went
clear out of sight, the last to vanish be
ing the top of the jackstaff. The passen
gers went from the decks of the sinking
boat to the steamer SausaUto. Some went
Xrom the lower deck, some from the deck
above and others from the top. I went
across from the roof.
'The San Rafael Eank out of sight fif
teen or twenty minutes after the crash.
Distress signals were blown at once, and
In response to the signals a Whitehall
boat v.ith three men in It came alongside
and Informed us that tugs had been sent
for to assist us. I judge that the white
hall beat came from Alcatraz. The fog
vas so thick that we could not see the
tugs until they came immediately along
side. The San Rafael sank alongside of
us. There was no explosion when she
■went down. We had drifted perhaps a
mile before the boat sank. I was told
that we were off Fort Point. There was
a long, high swell, but we were In no
great danger because the tugs were
alongside to prevent the boat from drift
ing to tbe ocean.
••I was landed at the regular elip in
this city with the other rescued passen
gers. I did not learn that any one was
lost, but all may not have been saved. I
talked with passengers, but did not hear
reports that lives were lost. I cannot tell
how many passengers were aboard the
San Rafael, but 1 think those on the
boat were mainly the regulars from the
city to Sausalito and San Rafael at that
hour."
PASSENGERS BELATE
STORIES OF ACCIDENT
AND THEIE ESCAPE
Herman Eahn of San Anselmo Says
He Saw Some People Go Down
With the Boat
Mrs. E. Nelson of San Rafael was one
7f-f tbe passengers who spent some time In
.he water. When landed at the ferry de
pot she was transferred to the Central
Emergency Hospital, where it was found
that she was suffering considerably from
the shock. She later became hysterical,
and the doctors say that she will prob
ably suffer from the effects of her sub
mersion for some time.
J. C. Perry of Corte Madera. who was
rescued by cne of the San Rafael's life
boats, eays that one of the boats was
launched with her water plug open and
•was speedily swamped. He does not know
which boat It was. and claims to have got
his information from some of those who
were in her and who were obliged to jump
overboard to *ave themselves.
Perry pays a high tribute to the offi
cers and crew of the San Rafael. He says
they acted with coolness and considera
tion, that they did everything In their
power to insure the safety of the passen
gers and that to their efforts is due the
tact that there was not a terrible loss of
Bfe.
Captain W. Lloyd of the British ship
Balasore. Liverpool. Raid:
**l was on my way back to Sausallto.
where my chip is lying with a full cargo.
The fog was very thick and it was so
damp that It was best to sit in the salon
on the inside. I first heard the bell to
stop and soon after the signal to go
astern. In another second the collision
came. The San Rafael was struck square
ly amidships on the starboard side. I got
•%■;• en the deck and easily scrambled from
" the davits of the San Rafael to the Sau
tall to.
"An soon as I got on the Sausallto I
helped to drag the women from the San
Rafael up tbe side to the Sausallto. I
think that two boats were lowered from
the San Rafael and one from the Sausa
llto.
'The San Rafael floated about twenty
minutes after she was struck and went
down bow Jir*t. She sank with her lights
burning and I did not see anybody on
board."
Mrs. F. Goer! of San Rafael was aboard
the boat that was sunk with her brother.
Ebc lost track of him ami did not see
him aboard the Sauitallto. She went to
the Occidental Hotel upon her arrival in
this city and axiousiy awaited news of
In r missing relative.
Mr. Jansen of Ross Station, another
paflHcngcr aboard the sunken vessel, sus
tained an Injury of- the leg.
Herman Uahn of San Ansclmo said he
•was sure some women and children were
drowned, as he eaw them in the bow of
the San Rafael when she went down. He
declared that the ferry boat went down
bow first and before the passengers could
a« be rescued.
■^MMam Gorman, engineer on the steam
«"' Tamalpals. was a passenger on the
San Rafael. He was going to his home
in Sausallto. He said: "When the steam
ers flm collided there was a great panic,
but the cool-beaded demeanor of Captain
McKenzie and his men had a good effect
and they became reasonably quiet under
the circumstances. We all did what we
could to keep our own courage and help
the women and children aboard the Sau
salito. The men all* behaved like heroes.
There was no attempting to pull each
other back, and while there were many
who were beside themselves with fright
and excitement, there was no display of
cowardice on the part of any of the
men. The thing all happened suddenly.
The fog was so thick that one couldn't
see his hand In front of him and when I
first saw the Sausailto she was head on
on top of us. .1 don't think that any
lives were lost, except that some of the
women or excitable men may have
jumped overboard when the crash oc
curred."
Norman Arter of Goldberg, Bowen &
Co. was thrown into the water from one
of the lifeboats. He had a life preserver
on and was quickly hauled out. lie said:
"It was the most terrifying experience I
ever expect to have. After the panic re
sulting from the first slir,'^ we ull did
what we could to pacify the women and
girls. They kept cool when they »aw
how level headed Captain McKenzie was.
He deserves great credit for the way he
conducted himself during the excitement.
We all -heard the Sauna!! to whintle and
Captain McKenzie wan backing the San
Rafael when the .other boat ran him
down."
J. A. Zerman, general solicitor for Gold
berg, Bowen A Co., was among the San
Rafael s passengers. He said:- "Were It
not for the effort!? of Captain McKenzie
and his crew there would have been many
lives lost. He and his men are deserving
of the greatest »ral«e. As one of the pas
sengers I feel that Captain McKenzie did
all rn hia power 10 avert the collision
and make a safe trip across the bay dur
ing the thick weather. After the Sausa
llto struck ub he certainly proved him
self a great and courageous teaman. Tho
fog was »o thick that even if many peo
ple were drowned it would be hard for
anybody else to nee tholr struggles or sco
them go down. I believe that there were
some who met their death In the collision,
but of my own knowledge I know of
none."
James G lea son of San Rafael was In tho
cabin when the collision occurred. He
raid: "I waited until all the excitement
isubMded and then grabbed one of the life
preservers and got Into It. After that I
knew I was safe, for I saw the Sausalito
CAPTAIN TRIBBLE DECLARES SAUSALITO
BACKED WHEN SAN R AFAEL WHISTLED
CAPTAIN W. T. TRIBBLE of the Sausalito gave his statement of the accident freely, but would not 'talk at length or answer any questions as to who zvas to blame.
He neither defended himself nor attempted to place the responsibility upon the i master of the San Rafael. His brief statement was as follows: s '
, "Wt left Sausalito in a dense fog at 6:15. r. tye made the 'bells at Alcatraz all right and w)ien m abreast of the island heard the San Rafael's fog whisile.
We shaped our course toward Lombard street wharf V . ' v
"The San Rafael was a little on our port bow as we drew near together. She gave two whistles and ' y we answer ed s with two and stopped the Sausalito. Then the
San Rafael gave three whistles and we answered with three and backed full speed. - -* ; ! : 'V
' ' "We struck the San Rafael fusi t forward of the 1 ivhcel on .the starboard side. ' ' * \-.. „ —
"As soon as the collision occurred we threw a line" aboard the San Rafael and hove her up passengers got
aboard our vessel. I don't know how many were lost or whether any were. ■"'■ We tried to save thetit all and I hope we did. < We took a great many over the bow and lowered
two boats. It was twenty minutes after the collision before the; San Rafael sank." , f ;
• Captain Tribble was asked several questions when he had finished; his statement, but refused ' ! 1o [answer: any of : -them. He seemed perfectly collected and gave his
account of the accident without hesitating as to facts. * " ' -.■•'/■: ■■'- . ;;; r^^- : ■.;;';.: ; ;>v; 'c:--^ r^^ : ''^\'^''h' K '-''- ' t \r : . - ; : ; ■;y-Y T .?r. ■:
THE SAN, FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY; 'DECEMBER 1, 1901,
PASSENGERS WHO TOLD OF THEIR NARROW ESCAPES FROM DROWNING.
lying alongside us. so I busied myself
helping the women and children. Several
of us lowered about a half dozen women
Into the boats, and then when everybody
who needed any help got off the sinking
steamer I left it too and got aboard the
SauiMllto. I saw several people In the
water, and I doubt If they were saved."
Ed Thomas, a young man who lives in
Sausallto, was coming over to the city on
the Sausallto. He was talking to a friend
near the engine room and heard nil the
signals that passed between the boats.. He
said: "I first heard Captain McKenzle's
whUtle and his danger signal, which was
answered immediately by the 8ausallto.
Captain Tribble tried hard to slow down
our boat, but it was too late. The fog
was so thick that you could scarcely see
the lookout on our own boat, Jet alone the
San Rafael In front-of us." » , ., .
F. C. Allen of Allen & Lowry, of this
city, had just left tho San Rafael's din
ing-room when the crash came. He said:
"I was one of the fortunate' ones. I had
just left the dining-room where the bow
of the Sausallto stove through. I was
standing outside the restaurant door when
the crash came. I Immediately* ran. up
stairs and busied myself pacifying those
whom I found to be more excited than I
was. I believe that when the round-up
of passengers comes you will find at least
a dox<yi among the missing."
T. J. Lennon, tho attorney; who resides
In San Rafael, said: "I usually go homo
on an earlier boat, 1 but was persuaded to
remain Inter this time to • accompany my
sister-in-law. Miss Josephine Leonhardt.
On the boat I decided to take my dinner.
I ordered a steak and became very ner
vous In the restaurant because Jim Me-'
Cue of Corte Madera and several young
men near him said this was Just the night
for a collision. - > . . v •
"I had just finished my steak when tho
crash came: • the Sausallto actually
forced her bow right Into the restaurant
where we were seated. I was pinioned
down for a few moments, but eventually
was ablo to release myself. Jim McCue,
however, was In bad shape; he had one
of his cam nearly cut' off and one of his
arms broken. I ran' out of the restau
rant and secured a life preserver. I tried
to fasten it around me, but it was too
tight. I ran upstairs and -. found my
sister-in-law and gave j her, a life pre
server. Mr. Hynes of San Rafael as
sisted me to save her. I raid I would
lower tho young lady Into the boat. - He
said-that there was not time and she must
Jump, so I threw her down into the boat,
which was shoved away from the side of
the San -; Rafael. v'^vyU:'"-^ : 'yX.S: '■ ':, >;-< : '-'- ;
"Soon afterward the Sausallto seemed to
bump Into us, or else the San Rafael was
sinking and she was swaying against the
Sausallto. The next thing that I knew
was that ,- ; the bow of the Sausallto was
jamming against us. I heard a scream
and I saw that a. young man was wedged
In against the bow of the Sausalito. . At
the same time a young lady screamed and
said that her arm was broken. I thought
that it was getting too warm and know-
Ing that: the San Rafael was sinking I
jumped overboard.;: I. was always curious
to find out if a. man. could swim with his
clothes on, and I found that they were no
hindrance to me. at all. I swum around
from boat to boat,; but was afraid to at
tempt to get Into them, as I feared that I
would turn them over. I eventually was
hauled Into a boat by Mike Hyncs of San
Rafael,* as I was in an exhausted condi
tion." -- ; -'v ; .;y. v.'.;-- ■■:' : .^:-.-> ;■•■ ■- ••■ '•*.
Charles ;Eccles; the well known horse
man, ■ was a '* passenger on the ill-fated
boat. > When the collision occurred he
quickly donned a hfe preserver and jump-
:■ pASSENGERS who
"~ - were '. aboard the ill
fated/San Rafael and
the Sausalito tell,/heir'thrill
ing experiences in the; half
hour after the larger, boat
crashed into the smaller
steamer dnd before the latter,
went to the bottom."
ed into the water. By hard swimming he
managed to keep afloat and was later
hauled on board the Sausallto by means
of a rope. Mr. Eccles weighs nearly 250
pounds and the life savers had a hard
time pulling him on deck. He took the
next boat for home. •.,
£>. D. Bltz, one of the. crew of the rev
enue cutter Bear, ■ lowered a boat from
that vessel, and, rowing to the steamer,
succeeded in rescuing a number of 'Pas
sengcrs.-. :-.'^. ;V' "^''" -.■'-'.: -
CEYOI LITTLE BABY
EESCTJES HER FATHER,
i MOTHER AND HERSELF
L. K. Wisehart Tells How Infant's
Wall Directed Attention to a Fam
ily of Three in the Water.
L. K. Wisehart, a passenger on the Sau-
salito. gave a thrilling account of his ex
perience when the San Rafael was run
down. Wisehart . comes from Newcastle.
Ind.. and Is' at present a student at Stan
ford University.
"When the two vessels gtrucjc," said
Wisehart, "there was considerable of a
DINERS
THROWN
TO FLOOR
Prow of Vessel Scat
ters People in the
Restaurant.
J. L. Torbert Says the
Sausalito Ran at *
Full Speed. |
Says She Should Have
Kept Straight on
Her Course.
ONE of those aboard the San
Rafael who was saved and
who himself helped save the
lives of others was J. L. Tor
bert of Honolulu, who la vis
iting In San Rafael with hid
wife and child. Mr. Torbert
belongs to the Myrtle Boat
Club at the Hawaiian capital and Is con
sequently pretty much .at home aboard
vessels. He gave a very, clear account o£
the accident and the rescue of the pas
sengers. He says he Is convinced that a
number of persons were drowned, and
declares, that some Jumped overboard
without life preservers* Mr. Torbert
said: v
W« left the sllD la San Francisco about 1:20
and had been cone about twenty minutes
when we heard a bell. We were off Alcatraz.
I think. Our boat blew one wnlstle and then
stopped. The Sausallto blew one whistle. Wo
couldn't see her light till she was almost on
top ot us. - ,
The Sausallto seemed to be coming almost at
full -speed and swung to starboard. I heard
somebody aboard the SausaUto yell "Hani
a-s tar board'." She came last. I -was standing
outside on the lower deck and saw the col
lision. The SausaUto struck us full at right
angles. Yes, I am sure of that. She came
straight at us and not glancingly. Had sba
kept straight ahead on the course she was first
on she would not have struck us.
The San Rafael was hit just where her din
ing-room Is located. Men' who were eating at
the coffee counter at tho time were knocked
off the stools and some of them were injured.
The wheel was wrecked, too. and portions of
the paddles were thrown all over the dining
room floor. . .
The San Rafael seemed to hang on to tha
nose of the Sauaallto. A line van thrown to
us Immediately and made fast. The ladies pa
the upper deck began pouring over on to tha
Sausallto. No gang rlaak or Udder was put
out. .
I saw tome people In their excitement Jump
overboard without Uf» preservers. I am sure
several were drowned.
The ladles were cooler than the men. Ona
woman broke open a case containing life pre
servers and began passing them out to the
other ladles and advising them to put them on.
The- crew of the San Rafael tried to lower
her boats Immediately, but they did not seem
to get them down quickly. I g-ot In one o£
them and helped rescue the p&saensrers. W»
made two trips from tha San Rafael to tha
SausaUto with boat loads. Then wo rowed to
the bow of the sinking ferryboat and asked If
there were any more ladles there. Some man
shouted "So." and w* got aboard the Sausa
llto. -. \ .- „■ ..
The San Rafael sank aldewlse and toward
the Sausallto. The water was pouring: In on
the side next the boat that bad rammed her
and the passengers were nearly all on that side.
Tha vessel went down gently and there was
little swirl above her. Bow and stern were
about on a level when she sank.
All the time the vessels were together they
were drifting: and I heard some one say wo
were off the Presidio. No one could tell Just
where the San Rafael sank, but it must hav«
been a long way from where she was struck.
»-H-H"H"M"H"H' 11 H Mil M-I- +
panic on board the Sansalito, for we did
not know Just what had happened. Some
of- the more, excitable passengers were
about to Jump overboard, when they were
restrained by the cooler-headed ones. I
secured a life-preserver at once, not
knowing what would happen next.
"All of a sudden the passengers on
board the San Rafael began clambering
on board the Sausallto and we assisted
as many of them as we could reach to
reach a place of safety. It may have been
fifteen minutes before the San Rafael
sank, but It did not seem to me that long.
Many of the San Rafael passengers had
Jumped In the water, for they were swim
ming all around us. I believe that most
of these were picked up. but it was very
difficult to see for certain on account of
the density of the tog and the almost
total darkness which prevailed.
"I heard the faint cry 6f a little infant
in the water and this was the means of
rescuing the Uttle one and her father and
mother who were^truggllng in the water
wlth^thelr life-preservers. Had the baby
not cried out it is quite likely that .the
three would have been swept away before
assistance could reach them.' I was un>»
able to ascertain their names. .
•'When the Sausallto started f or* thi«
side, after picking up all the passengers
in sight, another steamer hove in sight
and was within an ace of running us
down. We, on the Sausallto. who were
nearly frantic with our experience, danced
about the deck like crazy people. We
yelled to the oncoming steamer to back
away, which she did and we Just grazed
her side. It is an experience -I shall not
easily forget and I would not care to du
plicate it. I brought the life-preserver to
my hotel to preserve as a memento of the
unfortunate affair." re
JAMES FAY CUTS HIS """"M]
WAY. OUT CAPTAIN'S ■
CA BIN WITH AIT A?g
Electrician of Corte Madera Finds Hia
Progress Impeded, but Uses Weap
on With Telling: Effect.
James Far, an electrician residing at
Corte Madera, was obliged to break hia
way with an ax through the captain's
cabin on the SausaUto be "ore ho was en
abled to reach a place of safety. Fay was
tbe center of attraction at the ferry depot
after the Sausallto had landed her own
passengers and those rescued from tha
San Rafael. He carried the ax with which
he had cut his way to escape from tha
rapidly sinking San Rafael. .
"When the collision came," said. Fay,
"I knew from the terrible Impact that w«
were the sufferers, and I immediately s«t
about to get off the steamer. I gave no
thought to the life preservers which were
about me, for I knew I could climb aboard
the Sausallto if she stood by. I realized
at. once that the Sausallto was closa
alongside and In running to get aboard of
her my eyes fell on one of the axes sus
*pended on the upper deck. I tore It from
its fastenings and reaching the rail I was
about to climb on - tho Sausalito when I '
saw that my progress was impeded by tho
captain,' 3 cabin. Seeing that there was
no foothold unless the obstruction was re
moved. I smashed at the cabin with the
ax and cut out a hole targo enough to
admit my body. I scrambled through with
the help of some of the crew who wer©
rushing about, and I was soon out ot
danger. As I. was using my ax a woman
Continued on Page Thirty-Eight. t j
3738
PASSENGERS OF THE ILL-FATED FERRYBOAT TELL OF TERROR OF SHIPWRECK
AND INSIST THAT MANY LIVES HAVE BEEN SACRIFICED IN THE DISASTER
SCENES DESCRIBED
BY MEN RESCUED
AT LAST MOMENT
F. 0. Waite Gives a Vivid Pen Picture of
the Struggles for Life as the *
Boat Sank.
Cries for Help Are Heard on All Sides
and All Possible Assistance
Is Given.
FO. WAITE \of 127 Hyde
street. San Francisco, was
a passenger on the steamer
Sausalito. He makes the
following statement:
a "I left Sausalito at 6:10
• on the steamer Sausalito.
The fog was very d<*nse.
About the time of reaching Alcatraz Isl
and we heard the whistles of some
steamer, which proved to be the San
Rafael. The lookout reported the posi
tion of the San Rafael, which was that
she was off our port bow. I didn't notice
any slowing up of our steamer and in
about a minute cr a minute and a half
the crash came. I noticed scenes of
treat excitement on board the San Ra
fael and a number of the San Rafael's
passengers jumped on our boat. I saw
one man miss our boat and fall in the
■water: vhether he was s»aved o»- not I
do rtr.t know.
"The Sausalito held herself close up to
the San Rafael and many passengers
came aboard the Sausalito. A great many
Jumped In the water from the San Rafael
with life preservers on. Most of them
were drawn up on to the Sausalito by her
passengers with rope*. Before the" San
R&fael sank the passengers of our boat
threw over life buoys and life preservers
to those floating in the water. We pulled
• preat many of them aboard our boat.
Many of the women were in a fainting
condition and many of the men from the
Ean Rafael seemed unable to help them
selves. There were a great many women
and little children floating in the water—
*eeminrl>" twenty-five or thirty any way,
it cot more. I saw none go down, but
It ?«med impossible to save them, there
vrere so many. Many of them floated out
of rny sight in the fog. as there seemed
to be a strong current which carried them
•way. Presumably many of them were
picked up in the boats that were plying
about the steamers.
"I saw four of tbe steamer's boats in
the water: there were some from each
steamer. We heard a great many crying
out for help, merely crying. 'Help! Help!'
I recognized no one that I knew. Imme
diately after the crash the San Rafael's
passengers smashed the cabin windows of
ENGINEER M'GUY SAYS
LI VES WERE NO T LOST
CHIEF ENGINEER. F. McGUY of the Sausalito said: "1 zvas in the engine-room zvhett the sig
nal came to reverse tlie engines. I had my family on board and left the room in charge of
R. Wasscr, the first assistant. After making a rush upstairs and finding there zvas no trouble
with the Sausalito I immediately zvent back to my post. In the meantime Mr. Wasscr had got tzvo bells
to stop and tzvo bells to go full speed astern. We were then within' a fczv yards of the San Rafael and
as I saw her I didn't think she zvould float very long. * !
"A plank zvas put out and over it the passengers from the San Rafael came, one at a time,
Tlicy were a long time in coming, but I think the bulk of them succeeded in getting aboayd'our vessel.
Some few of them may have been left behind and may have gone down with the vessel, but unless there
were many children aboard 1 don't think that any lives could liave been' lost. The tzvo vessels were
alongside each other for fully fifteen minutes and anybody that could zvalk must easily have reached
safety. ■■■: . ' .
"It fopk me about sixty seconds to get my men together and in that time we got four boats lozc
ercd and had all the lifebelts ready for distribution. Everybody wanted them and nobody zvould take
one, so in fear that the ship zvould go dozen and leave them struggling in the water zee threzv all the life
belts overboard. Some of the people secured one and walked aboard the Sausalito with it tied around
their zcaists, but the great majority never attempted to get one and walked up the .'gangway as if they
never knezv that there zvas a lifebelt aboard the ship. I don't think anybody was drowned because there
were enough lifebelts floating around the vessel to float anybody who might have made a jump at the
last moment. I don't think there zvas a soul went down with tlic ship. There zvas a big panic, but zvhen
it came to the last minute I think the old San Rafael went dozen by herself. It zvas a sad ending for one
of the fastest and" best of the ferry-boats." . : " / *
JAMES FAY CUTS HIS WAT . OUT
Continued From Fags Thirty-Seven
near by jumped through a window of the
Sausallto. and though she wag severely
gushed about the face she too was
caved."
WILLIAM O. CBANDALL
OF SAUSALITO SAID TO ]
BE AMONG MISSING
Was Last Seen on the Ill-Fated Ferry
Steamer S?.n Baf ael and Has
Not Been Seen Since.
■William G. Crandall, secretary of the
Long Syrup Refining Company, Is among
the missing. He Us known to have been a
passenger on the etcamer San Rafael and
no tidings! ha* been obtained of his
whereabouts since the vessel went down.
At an early hour this morning word was
received from Sausalito, where the miss
ing man lives, that he had not come home.
His family Is rxtrcmoly anxious. His rel
atives and friends have searched all bis
haunts, but have not found him. It Is
feared that he was drowned. He was a
strong young man and was a capable
•wlmmer and every hope Is held that he
eucceeded In reaching shore.
31IBACTJLOUS ESCAPE
OFT, A, EEGEB FBOM
INJTJBY IN COLLISION
Alter Assisting Women and Children
to Safety He Saves His Own Life
by Means of a Hope.
A T- A. Reger of Corte Madera was among
the passengers on board the San Rafael,
and narrowly escaped death In the col
lision. He was rescued by means of a
rope, and after the landing of the Kaura
lilo was taken to the Palace Hotel, whete
several contusions of the scalp were
dressed. He makes the following state
ment of the casualty.
"I was with my friend, Jim McCue,
when the crash occurred. The bow of the
Csuealito cut into the restaurant of the
Ean Rafael, and went in about ten feet.
There were about 400 passengers . aboard.
the San Rafael in their efforts to escape
and many of them escaped that way. I
saw them coming through the windows.
Some of them — quite a number of them —
were seen to be badly cut, probably from
this mode of escape.
"After the rescue those of the San Ra
fael that were saved were greatly excited
looking for lost relatives. After we
struck it was about an hour before the
San Rafael went down.' I know of two
boats that the Sausalito lowered. There
ccemed to* be a litffle delay in getting the
boats off. While I think Captain McKen
zie of the Sausalito did his best to regu
late the crew, the crew didn't seem to
work in any way in unison or with any
effect or Intelligence, as they left It en
tirely to the passengers to save life. I
didn't see any of them making much ef
fort to save life.'
"Another thing, there didn't seem to be
rope or anything to save life available.
We had to dig around ourselves to find
things. I should judge there were at
least twenty-five or thirty lives lost from
what I saw in the water and what I
heard. One of our passengers it) trying
to save a man lost his footing and fell
overboard. I don't know whether he was
saved or not.
"After the San Rafael went down there
were quite a number floating In the wa
ter. Every effort was made to save them
and in most cases it was successful.
There was a tug boat, but I could not
see her name. Captain McKenzle called
out to the tug for his bearings and got
some answer back that I couldn't under
stand. 'It sounded like 'The Fulton Iron
Works.' The damage to our boat -was
apparently but trivial.
"After the passengers were *1rawn up
they were taken into the cabin and en-'
gine room of our boat. Some of them
were apparently unconscious. One little
child out of the water was reported dead
subsequently to being drawn up. .A sister
of G. M. Caesar, who Is connected with
Wright & Co., druggists, at 14 First
street, was pulled up on our rope, and
she was frantic about her sister, but the
latter was afterward found to have been
saved. Many of the women acted very
bravely and seemed very self possessed
We felt the boat sinking beneath us, and
everybody cried out to save himself. Thi
accident took place, as near as 1 can
Judge, about fifteen minutes after we left
the slip. People began to jump into* the
water, some with and others without life
preservers. Many of these must have
been drowned. I remained on the lower
deck after the collision for several min
utes. A party of women and children ran
to me and begged me to save them. I
took them to the upper deck and assisted
them to the deck of the Bausallto. By
this time the Ban Rafael was sinking rap-
Idly, and the upper decx was already sub
merged. I grot hold of a rope thrown from
the deck of the Sausallto, and they were
pulling me aboard when two men caught
my legs and held me. I begged 'them to
take hold of the rope below me, so that
we might all be # saved, and they took n«y
advice. All of us were dragged aboard
the Saurailto in safety.
"I «aw many women and children < on
the upper deck, and my belief is thut
some of these were drowned. There was
considerable confusion, and the lo'ss cf
life is due to that cause. We were at a
standstill wiitn the Saueallto bore down
upon us. The whistles blew at Intervals,
and tbe fog was so thick one couldn't see
twenty feet away. I saw many people
struggling In the water, but most'of these
were picked up by the boats. \: ,
ONE BOAT CROWDED
WITH PEOPLE DRAWN
DOWN BY BAN RAFAEL
Glen Shaver/ a Passenger on the Sau
salito, Tells of the Wild Excitement
After the Vessel* Struck. .
Glen A. Shaver and William Hoxey of
San Rafael were playing cards In tbe sa
loon of tbe Saunalito when the crash
came. The shock threw Hoxey over the
table and almost tumbled Shaver upon his
back. They rushed out and found every
thing on the forward deck of the Sausalito
In a turmoil. In describing the scene
Shaver says: - ,
It wa» the wildest excitement I have ' ever
eeen. . The bow of the Sausaltto had cut clean
through the aid* of the Kan Rafael, and her
after dtck was filled with people crying for
help and apparently without any Idea of what
to do to save themselves. W« took one of
the flatrpoi™ frrrni the forward end of the Bau
eallto and ttlted It over onto the San Rafael
and men and women c»m« down tbe polt until
THE SA^ ANCISCO C ALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBEJl ■ 1, 190 lV
after being Baved. I noticed a great many
of our life preservers— nearly all of the
passengers of the San Rafael had them
on. There were plenty of life preservers.
We threw hundreds of them over from
the Sausalito. Some of those saved had
two and three life preservers strapped
around them. There were a number of
Chinese aboard our boat and not one ef
fort was made by them to save any one.
They were perfectly indifferent. I no
ticed every one of the men that did any
work at all spoke good English.
"Immediately after the clash we— quite
a number of the men— went to the rail
and tried to throw over ropes and things,
but some * one in authority. or
some one that assumed authority, ordered
us back. We went back from the rail,
but nothing seeming to be done we again
went to the rail and threw ropes and life
preservers overboard. Had • we stayed
back 1 don't believe there would have
been as many saved as there were.
"We left at 6:10 and about 7:40 the San
Rafael went down. In the meantime she
sank gradually and then went down with
a rush. In going down she scraped the
guards of the Sausalito and In doing so
Injured severely several of the rassengeis.
I do not know who the injured were. I
heard one man's ear was taken off."
WITH LEGS CRUSHED
BOBBINS CBAWLS UP
FROM DINING-ROOtf
Says Some One Cut Wrong Hope and
Let Boatload of Passengers
Fall Into the Bay.
Frederick A. Robbins, manager of the
machinery of the American Can Company,'
had a truly miraculous escape from going
down with the San Rafael. Robbins was
in the restaurant eating his dinner when
the collision occurred. He was pinned
down beneath his table, which was over
turned by the flying timbers. Although
both his legs were badly A crushed he
crawled up to the upper d«ck of the San
Rafael and succeeded in climbing aboard
the Sausalito He was taken to the lte
ctlvlnpr Hospital and later removed to the
Lick House. He said:
"I was sitting in the restaurant eating
my dinner. The Sausalito struck the San
Rafael directly at the point where the
restaurant Is situated. The vessel must
have been traveling at a high rate of
speed, as the prow penetrated the side of
the San Rafael, smashing everything to
pieces. Water splashed through the open-
Ing and I was drenched.
"The sight was indeed pitiable. When
one of the boats was loaded with people
the two boats separated. A boat from the.
San Rafael put off. but It was caught In th«
vortex of the whirlpool when the steamer sank
and went down in It. It was full of people
and I am sure few or them ' escaped. The
water was full of people swimming; ana call-
Ing- for assistance. Tom Lennon, an attorney
of San Francisco, swam around for half an
hour in the wat«r. I saw him swimming ther*
and >aw him helped out. Another man tc
whom we threw a rone grasped It and was
carried under the overhang -of the Sausallto.
We hauled him up and as he came we could
hear him laughlnK and crying as if in hys
terics. We got him an far as the deck, but
before we could get him over we felt him
flipping down the rope. He dropped back Into
the water and was drowned.' ' .
The Hausullto was rolns; very slowly. We
heard her whintles blowing; frequently and we
thought line wus KClng Into the dock; in fact,
we doubted If we could finish the - game we
were playing before she landed. The boots on
the San Rafael were put out promptly, but 1
understand the pluirs were not In and the tar
paulins were over them no that they. could nol
be promptly launched. Any way I siw at
least one of them, full of people.- sink. ' ' .
I Haw the San Rafael gn down. It was not
more than twelve or thirteen minutes after
she was struck; and when she went down
her after deck and the saloon beneath neemed
to be full of people. 1 do not know how many
were drowned, but the Ban Rafael's passen
gers Bay the boat was crowded. I am sure a
great many lives were lost. •■ • . -•
ANXIETY OF FEIENDS i
.;. .'•■IS LATER BELIEVED W
' BY MANY TELEGRAMS
A Large Number of the Passengers
Are Compelled ■ .to Bsmain in .
the City Over Night. ;.
A partial list of those saved '.in addition
to those whose names appear elsewhere
has been compiled from the messages sent
to friends and relatives In San Rafael and
Sausalito. • . ( ( • ; «
Miss Flora Mclsaacs, sister of District
Attorney Mclsaacs; Miss Rose Ceasar and
Miss Loretta Ccasar of San Rafael, were
located at 606' Ellis 'street last night.
James Watson, also of San Rafael, wsis
in the city.' .. • . ;, -
The following passengers, living at
Sausallto, spent the night in San Fran
cisco: Dave England, : — : — 7 Brldgman,
George R. Turloch of the Sunset Tele
phone Company, and daughter,' Frank
Whalen of Thomas Day Co., Mrs. C.
Mason and two daughters, Miss.,- Nora
Ryan, Mrs. W;-'G.: Barrett* and 'sisters,
William Gillette, George Klngsley. W.'D.
Clawson, secretary of the American Bis
cuit Company; Miss [:■ Ella Meyer,' Miss
DIAGRAM SHOWING HOW THE
1 BOAT8 STRUCK IN THE COL
LISION.
and about to be lowered Into the water
some one cut the wrong roje and the
whole load was spilled into the bay.
Ropes and life preservers were thrown to
the people who were struggling in the
water.
"When I got free from the overturned
table which was pinning me to the floor
of the restaurant I crawled to the stern
of the San Rafael and made my way
aboard th* Sausalito. The men on board
the San Rafael* acted in the most com
mendable manner. I saw many assisting
ladles aboard the Sausalito. There was
no excitement to speak of; at least not as
much as usually occurs on such occasions.
There was a little excitement shown when
the captain told us to hurry aboard the
Sausalito. The captain seemed to have
good control of himself. ■ <
"When the boats collided there was an
old man. whom I understand was from
Corte Madera, seated In the restaurant
near the side. One of his ears was com
pletely revered from his head by a flying
piece of limber."
The scene when the Sausalito landed at
the 'dock was one of tremendous excite
ment. Men rushed frantically off the
steamer and hastened to various places
where they could find a telephone to no
tify friends' and relatives of their safety.
Hysterical women wept 'and .run excited-,
|y about looking for friends. The news
of the disaster spread about the water
f rent with lightning rapidity and a large
crowd gathered at the- Sausallto's dock.
The clang, clang of the ambulance bell
as the vehicle hurried through the crowd
to pack the few Injured and half drowned
survivors to the hospital added to the ex
citement. Lieutenant of Police Jack Mar
tin and Sergeant Brophy were on hand
with a score of policemen and they did
good work In keeping the crowd In check.
JAMES MOORE FALLS
EXHAUSTED FROM TEE
V: SATJSALITO'S RAIL
Springs fdr Safety From the San
Rafael and Strength. Fails Him
: .\ •••. : at -a Critical Moment.
James Moore of Ross Valley, an em
ploye cf the Nevada Bank, was a pas
senger on the San' Rafael. He said:
"There was the usual Saturday night
crowd on the San Rafael when she left
at 6:lo for 8ausalito. There was a dense
fog. nnd Captain McKonzle of the San
Rafael sent the ship along tinder a slow
bell. We were about half way between
Lombard-street wharf and Alcatraz
Islund when the Sausalito crashed Into
us. I was smoking a cigar on the for
ward deck of the San Rafael, and It
seemed to me that the Sausalito struck
us Just about amidships. There was a
terrific crash, and Immediately there was
wild confusion. Men, ;womcn and children
rushed, for life preservers. Some of them
jumped overboard as soon as the steam
ers collided, but I made up my mind to
stay by the ship. I had put on a life
Nora Whaley, 1 Miss Olive Collins; Miss
Ella Watson, Miss. Belle Coughlln,* J. D.
Warrock pf the White House, George T.
Ryan of Madison & Burke, W. R. Ritchie,
engineer; H. Lorratno, 'butcher. "
The folpwlng additional names of those
In the city were reported at a late hour:
From Mill Valley-C. J. Fallon, with
Myer, Wilson & Co., ,210 Battery street;
Jesse DefTebach, Miss Boyle, Allen Boyle,
Michael Flood. .
From Millwood— Josic Leonhnrt.
From Sausallto— Mr. Brown, of the Ne
vada Bank, and Mr. Rosenbaum.
PASSENGER HELPS TO
i SAVE WOMAN AND BOY ,
K WHO CLUNO TO HIM
William Terry Haa an Exciting Ex
perience by Being Thrown ;
:/■ 'ft/ 1 - ","■' . ■•/Inwth* Water. ) ; \.\ ,".,
. William Terry, note teller of the Lon
don and San Francisco Hank, was a pas
senger on the San .Rafael and was. on
his way to Millwood, where he resides.
Terry says he .was unable to make his
way to the decks of the Sausallto and
was. precipitated into the water by the,
sudden lurching of the vessel, after she
was struck by the Sausallto. / ';:>
"I found myself in the water almost
before I; knew It," said Terry, "although
I succeeded in grabbing a life preserver
before I fell overboard. I immediately
set, about to keep my head above water.
I had no sooner done so, when I felt two
little arms entwine around my neck and.
discovered that a little boy had nlso been
thrown into- the water and had' taken
that way to , save himself. I. found no
difficulty to support him, but • when a
woman tried to grab me about the waist
I felt that I could not keep up under the
double' strain. ' Help was close at hand,
however, -and none too soon,' for I felt
that myself and two charges would soon'
sink or I would have to shako them off.
We were picked up by the rescuers .bev
fore anything serious j : happened, n nd I
was thankful that I was partially, instru
mental In saving two lives.",, ,"■ . - v
Mr. Terry was brought to this side by
tho Sausallto and. then departed on the
same boat at 9:30 p. m. for his home in
Millwood. l ' ■';.,'■■■■ ■:■■■■• • * ■
A, streak of luck is never greased to or
der. ■ ,•>■' .:■;'■' ~~ ■'"': , lx -':.. ::'?■'':' J-.. ....■'
preserver and know that I would float for
a while, at. least. There was an attempt
to lower a boat on the San Rafael, but 1
do not believe many people got off in it.
There was too much confusion. ...'■•
"Mr. Tompklns of the Hongkong and
Shanghai Bank was with me, and he
agreed with me to stay on the boat as
long as we could. Between ten' and fif
teen minutes after the first crash the
San Rafael went under. As she went
down I jumped for the Sausalito, which
was close by. and caught on her rail. . I
was not strong enough to haul myself up,
so I hung on and shouted for help. None
of the crew of the Sausalito heard ime,
and 1 finally let ,?o my hold from exhaus
tion ana dropped, Into the water. My life
preserver, kept me afloat, and twenty
minutes later I got hold of a rope lowered
from the Sausalito and was hauled on
board of that vessel. I was almost com
pletely exhausted and had given up all
hope when. I was finally rescued."
Mr. Moore, who is about 60 years old,
thinks his escape was miraculous. In his
opinion most of the . passengers on the
San Rafael were saved. He said: _. . '
"The two boats stayed together after
the collision. It was soon learned on the
Sausalito that she was not • seriously In
jured, and the people on board her took
Immediate steps to rescue the unfortunate
passengers on the San Rafael. She ran
a gangplank over to the sinking vessel
and many of our passengers escaped in
that way.
"After the San Rafael went down the
Sausalito stayed by and lowered ropes to
those floating In the water.
"Of course. I cannot pretend to be ac
curate, but I would not place the loss of
life over twenty. It- seems to me that
most of the passengers must have been
saved.". .?.£; .-. : -•...■ . .-/:. ■' ';_-.»: ..
MISS EDITH BEIDGMAN
' HAS A NARROW ESCAPE
FROM A WATERY GRAVE
Young Lady Resident of Sausalito
Remained in the Water for Twenty
Minutes Before Being Rescued.
Miss Edith Brldgman of Sausalito was
on the San Rafael when the accident hap
pened.' She was thrown into the water
and remained there fully fifteen minutes
before being picked up by-the passengers
on the Sausalito. When the steamer
reached the wharf Miss Brldgman was
carried to the Harbor Receiving Hospital
to be . treated for submersion. Mrs. An
drews, the. matron, had her taken to her
room nml tenderly cared for the young
lady. Despite her. harrowing experience
Miss Brklgman was very brave. In an in
terview she gave a graphic account of her
experience. She said: ■ . ■
"When-, the steamers crashed I was
taken by Andrew Westwader on deck. I
was ordered to get Into one of the life
brats and afterward told to get Into an
other, because the first was crowded.
The upper railing of the San Rafael was
close to the wnter line when I stepped
into the boat. The boat swamped and 1
with others was thrown Into the bay. I
believe I was In the water fully fifteen
minutes. Luckily one of the passengers
had the presence of mind to break open
the case containing life-preservers. I had
TICKET COLLECTOR SAYS
TRAVEL WAS VERY HEAVY
GAPTAIN BROOKS, the ticket collector, ivhoiids been in the employ of the company ever since it
has been in existence, said: "It is the first accident I ha,ve ever been in on this line in twenty
years, the fog zvas the thickest that I have ever seen on the bay. It zvas utterly impossible to
locate any vessel or to fix any point thai you zverc going to or coming from. It , was simply guess
zvork and the compass zvas useless. Captain McKenzie ran on his usual course and while he failed to
locate the whistle on Alcatraz he zvas nez'crthclcss within tzvo points of his regular course zvhen the ac
cident happened. There was no confusion onboard; all hands went to their posts and I think tjtat when
the whole thing is summed up it [will be found that very few lives were lost. '
' "We had an unusually heavy crozvd for the ■ winter travel and / suppose all of 250 souls ivero
on the San Rafael zvhen the collision took place. There .were quite a number of children among the pas*
scngcrs wild had been over to the matinees and zvhozvere going home with, their parents, their fathers liav
ing met them at the boat to accompany them home: Everybody that I could sec got aboard before the San
tiaf<Kl-wwt':down"^ v ;
GRAPHIC DESCRIPTION OF DISASTER
Continued From Page Thirty-Five
last to leavo the vessel. There were
about 250 passengers on the vessel as I
Judged and a few of them came aboard
with life preservers on i and still wore
them when they reached San Francisco
«on -the Sausallto. There was no veal
danger and had everybody kept quiet I
don't think there would have been a sin
gle life lost./ As It Is I don't know now
that there was anybody drowned or went
down with the vessel. I
"They say: that several men and women
lost their lives during the struggle and
that several ; children were left to go
down with the steamer. Personally, I
don't know anything at all about It, but
I don't ' think there was a baby aboard
the ship but was carried over' the gang
way- on to the Sausallto. , I don't think
a child was lost. : : ; "■;;■*■ "■_••*-' : "
"The whole accident ; was due *to the
fog. I have been living for several years
In Marin County and in all that time I
have never run into such ' a heavy i fog
as was on tho bay last night. I have now
got an Idea of what my father used to
call a London fog. There was no con
fusion on the vessel. Captain] McKenzle
handled his men like a seaman; the boats
were got out; the life belts were all
ready to hand and outside of the usual
panic that results from a collision there
was nothing very much; to talk about.
The ' two vessels stayed ;'. together for all
of fifteen minutes and I think everybody
got, from the San | Rafael to the Sausa
llto. If anybody went down with the San
Rafael I don't know anything about it
and I think it will take an investigation
to prove that they did go . down."- ;. ? ;
DB. O. P;* FITCH TELLS ;
OF EXCITED SCENES
FOLLOWING COLLISION
riacerville Dentist States He Saw
Women on Deck of San Hafael
■ When She Went Down. : .
Dr. O." P. »Fitch,- dentist. ; lPlacervtllW
made the following statement: ■ ,^
I was going '■ over to San \\ Rafael to visit my
father and decided > to Jako dinner . on tho boat.
SEVERAL HUNDRED
PEOPLE THOUGHT
TO BE ON BOARD
Cabin Windows Are Broken by the Excited
*''' lr , < Passengers Soon After Collision
of the Two Boats. ;|g
A. A. Martin, a Resident of Hill Valley, Nar
rates His Experiences in Life
Saving.
A : • A. MARTIN, a resident of
Mill Valley and connect
ed , with Shreve & Co.,
was one of the passen
gers of the San RafaeL
A He tells a graphic story
, w of the disaster. His
..■•.■'.•*■- '-■".'■ statement follows:
"We left the slip for Sausalito at 6:15
o'clock, ten minutes late: I was on the
lower deck, which was well filled with
hunters,, worklngmen and the ordinary
Saturday evening crowd. \ I was in the
small card -room on the left side of the
boat at tbe time the' crash came. This
occurred Just > five ■ minutes* after we
passed the Lombard-street bell. The
cabin upstairs was crowded with women
and children, but how many I am unable
to state. There may have been 400 pas
sengers on board the San Rafael, but I
am not certain as tor that figure.
"When the noise of splintering planks,
accompanied by shouts of men and
screaming of women, reached me I ran
to the right side and up to the wheel. I
saw that the passageway was blocked by
wreckage, and- I was forced to go Into
the engine room. I met the firemen es
caping, and the engineer told me that a
collision had taken place, that one fire was
already out and that we were sinking. I
then met James McCue of Corte Madera,
who «aa in the right restaurant at the
time of the collision. The bow of the
Sausaltto had cut into the side of the
San Rafael like a knife, and the restau
rant was the point of contact. McCue
was being assisted by friends. His scalp
was cut and one leg broken. I then got I
a life preserver and assisted in the work
of getting ropes to the Sausalito, by
which: we were enabled to get a hold on
the 'boat. I then climbed up on a water
barrel near the paddle-wheel' and passed
women and children Up to the top of the
wheel frame. From this point they were
assisted to the deck of the Sausalito by
a number of marines, who. did excellent
service. : ; 7 '.'
ample time* to strap one around me and
but for it would surely have drowned.
I was rescued by a rope being placed un
der my arms and was hauled on deck. The
experience was one I'll never forget."
WILLIAM KNILL'S WIFE
WISHED TO MAKE TRIP,
BUT SPOUSE OBJECTED
Meets Family and Invalid Relative at
Wharf, but at Last Moment De
' cides to Remain.
William Knlll. the ' well-known book
maker, who lives at Sausalito, met his
wife and three small children at the ferry
The restaurant was crowded. I should Judje
that th«re were fully sixty In th« reitaurant.
I was startled by a crash on the starboard
■Ide of • the ship and the lights went out in the
restaurant. I was knocked off my »eat to th«
floor and. raisins myself. I ran out to the lower
deck and secured a life-preserver. I then tan
to the stern of the San Rafael and saw that a
hawser had bean attached to the Sausallto. I
watched the excited scene for. several minutes
and was surprloed to see that no efforts were
made to launch the boats. 1 noticed the San
Kafarl was keellnr over and swung; myself
hand over hand on the hawser to the Sausallto.
I could not have gained my point of safety six
ty seconds when I heard the order given to cut
Ioosp from the San Rafael. The hawser was cut
loose with an ax by one nf the crew. 'Soon
after the Saunallto drifted away from the San
Rafael and th« latter boat soon sank. She went
down head first and I am certain that I saw
many women, men and children standing on the
upper deck In tbe otern of the boat when she
went down. ' :-.'.
FIVE-YEAR-OLD BOY
V ON FLOATING BENCH
V EESCTJED'FROM BAY
Throe Passengers Who Jumped Over
■'•:,■•' hoard Are, Picked Up and Help ;
'-'■■ 1 Save the Little Fellow.
W. L. Beedy. Miss Fannie Shoobert and
Mrs. Olive Hamilton/who were passen
gers on the San Rafael. Jumped overboard
at the first sign of danger. After floating
around for a few minutes they . were
picked up by ; a boat from the Sausallto.
Just as they were rescued, Mr. Bccdy saw
a little boy about 5 years old contentedly
seated on a floating bench, though evi
dently wondering at what had happened.
The lad was picked up and placed on
the Bausallto, where he was put In charge
of the officers and crew. He had been In
the company of his mother and an elder
slstor a few minutes before, but no trace
of his relatives- had been found 'by* Mr.
Beedy, who made a search for them.
UNKNOWN WOMAN LEAPS
; v IN THE BAY
It. Dressed in Black and Heavily
, Veiled and Leaves No
"> Clew Behind.
, OAKLAND, Nov. 30. ~An, unknown wom
an Jumped Into the bay from. the after
deck of the ferryboat Berkeley, at 10:3)
o'clock ' .' to-night " off ,' Goat . Island. The
steamer was on • the way to Oakland.
• Tho suicide's ' leap was witnessed by a
"The San Rafael was sinking rapidly by
this time. We saw people in the upper
cabin trying to break the windows and
thus make their escape. When we got
on tbe Sausalito we secured all the
life preservers and threw them over
board to those who were struggling in
the water. Three of the four boats on
the Sausalito were lowered and the peo
ple picked up. Captain - Trlbbel of tho
Sausalito seemed to have lost his head
completely. The boats were lowered by
tbe passengers, and the rescue work was
ordered by passengers. After the San
Rafael sank out of sight we were allowed
to drift about aimlessly in the fog for an
hour. Had it not been for the appear
ance of a tugboat on the scene, an offi
cer of which gave us our bearings, it Is
bard to say where we would have landed.
"Mr. Hood of Sausalito was one of the
last to leave the San- Rafael. He In
formed ua that he saw a number of
women and children huddled together in
the main cabin. If this be true, thos-9
people must have gone down with th^""
vessel. I saw one woman who was saved,
and she stated that her baby was lost.
She was hysterical and little could be got
from her. We heard a child in the water
crying for her mamma, and as she was
holding on to a life preserver she was
saved. The wife and child of an engineer
of the Tamalpals Railroad -was seen on
board the San Rafael Just before the col
lision, .but a diligent search among the
rescued failed to bring either to light.
The inference is that they were drpwned.
"The San Rafael was at a standstill
when the Sausalito hove In sight. Had
tbe Sausalito also come to a halt the col
lision could not have taken' place. She
seemed to be caught in the tide and thus
forced full upon the San Rafael. The
captain of the Sausalito* seemed to have
Io3t his head, and after the San Rafael
sank the captain of the ill-fated boat
took command. The fog was very dense,
but it seems to me the accident might
have been avoided."
to escort them home. With Mrs. Knlll was
a relative from the East, an Invalid who
had just arrived on the overland from
Chicago. t
Knlll hesitated about making the trip,
and finally vetoed his wife's proposition .
to go . home. Instead he drove to the
Palace and registered for the night.
Knlll left a party of friends, all prom
inent turfmen and bookmakers, residents
of Sausalito. who made the trip on the
unfortunate San Rafael. When he heard
of the accident he endeavored to locate
them. At midnight all of Knill'3 ac
quaintances save Ralph Curtis, a sheet
writer at the Oakland racetrack, bad been
accounted for.
boy, who alarmed the crew. The vessel
was stopped and a boat lowered, but no
trace of the woman was found.' There
was nothing left behind to disclose the
suicide's identity. She was clad In a
black dress and hat; her face being so
heavily veiled that her features were con
cealed.
Death of Thomas Clarke Luby.
NEW YORK, Nov. S3.— Thomas Clarke
Luby, formerly a well-known Fenian
leader, is dead at his home in Jersey
City, aged .79 years. . In 1364 he was ap
pointed, by James Stephens a member of
the executive council of the Fenian
Brotherhood and the same year became
managing editor of the Irish People In
Dublin. The paper was seized by the
Government and Luby served five years
of a twenty-year term. He was pardoned
In 1879 on condition that he remain out
of the country for the succeeding fifteen
years. After this he made his homo In
■this country and lectured from Maine tJs
California for the Irish cause.
Entombed in a Caved -In Sewer.
. John Bennett, a laborer employed In the
street department, 'was entombed for a
short time in a sewer tn tbe Sunset'Dls
trict yesterday. Bennett, with other work
men, was engaged in digging a sewer on
I street, between Tenth and Eleventh ave
nues, when the bracing gave way and
permitted the sand to fall In on top of
them.' Bennett's companions managed to'
escape, but he was burled fifteen feet
underground. He was sent to the Emer
gency Hospital, where his Injuries, which
consisted of two contused wounds of the
left leg, were dressed by Dr. Armlstead.
A woman whom I was sitting next to
at dinner, the other day told me that she
had a remedy for seasickness. ..She ' had
been a very bad sailor, and even now If
she "does not practice her remedy she Is
sick; whereas when she does she can
negotiate comfortably a storm of four or
five hours on the high seas. It Is simple
enough. As the vessel dips she draws In
her breath; ns It rises she expels It.
Whether this woman's internal arrange
ments are peculiar to herself I do ■ rjik?
know, but If not the remedy seems to V>
worth knowing.— London Truth. '■ —
> If the world owes every man a livlnj.
It has a lot of gold bricks to settle for.COURT GIVES
HIM MILLIONS
Mexican Lawy er Wins
a Case Involving
Vast Lands.
Litigation Extending Over
Seventeen Years Is
Clc6ed.
?re-~:al Dispatch to The Call
EL PASO. Tex.. Nov. 30.— After sevca
.oen years of litigation a decision has
?een rendered by the Mexican Supreme
Court at Mexico City, which virtually ob
liieratos the Corralites Mine and Oattlo
■ • aapany of the State of Chihuahua. Alex
,?■< ■-. the penera! offices of which are lo
raied here. ■:
The suit involved the title to the vast
:raci of land 100 miles southwest of this
r:ty. where the company's mines and
ranches are situated. Irieoyen, a lawyer
of Juarez. Mexico, laid claim to the land
feventeen years ago, alleging that he ac
quired it under the Mexican laws before
the company took possession. Several
oourts passed upon his claim, which at
one time he offered to compromise for
£500. Finally the Supreme Court ruled in
Ms favor, decreeing that the company pay
him an indemnity of about $15,000,000 for
Ell ores taken out of the mines, as well
es that be recover possession of the prop
erty.
President T. D. Morgan and Treasurer
D. F. Merritt. of the company, reside in
New York, while General Manager Brtt
ton Davis resides here. He left for Mex
ico City as soon as he learned of the de
cree. It Is announced here that the de
cision may make no practical difference
to the company, as a likelihood of fur
ther prolonged fmgation exists before final
settlement of suit.
HF.AT. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
3£a.ry McAle^r • widow) to WllUam J. Ram
say. lot on \V line of Franklin street. 60 S of
Grave. S S* by W 10T:f. quitclaim «lo*U; H.
Henri ar.d Heitn Fabregue to Sidney A. But
~%: sane. $10.
' inward IVrtlrtindrr to William R. Morton.
lc-: on N lir.o oC i'acirie avrnuf, l'-t3:l^ E of
Bucbar.as Btreet. E 34:*^ by N l^.':b l »: (W.ouu.
Mcmz Etttceer *« 2k>phie EttinK^r. lot on
S line ct £8XXer strret, 137:6 W cr \\>b?ier, W
i>- by S li'.i; gilt.
Alexander H. I^i!d»in to Kate McCarthy
iwidowi iot on SW corner of Kuttrrt and Scott
S"*«ts. W IT. :« by !» 13T:*; »!«.
John A. Kni liflle Hoots to Emily \Wndt
(wife of O. \v\). lot on N lin«? of l"ilb«-rt street.
Ii3:st \v of Brod*-ru-k. W 5 by N 137:<>: silo.
Charles '£ and B«lie Congdon to Mary F.
terror, lot or. N !:ne ut Ftll street. JS:l«j MT or
Cole. U" z> t> n irt: ftf.
•-Jerrr-iiti Ssvmj;!- «»nd Loan P<xiety to Isaac
Ar.dtrsor. 1 x oa \V line of Sterner street. Isj
S OC Wal.W. s= ;>:€ l>y W SI:* . ii- ■*; itai lot); in.
A. <-". Fr«?Fe <aJmir.iMra.tor «-Maie William
Glysa, i;y B. P. Oliver, cofiusissioaer) to Hi-
L^rr.la BavfBSS and Loan £<«■!< ty. lot on t< lir.e
Ot Clir.lon Park. 2<T:«i \V of Outrrt-ro street. \V
i; by ? Ti: |»*»
Fernando anJ Julia A. Nelson to Robert R.
Ar.i Emrr.a Mur.ro. lot on W line of Xw strtft
:^5 X o; EiRht«t?nih. N* r» by \V US; J10.
Ht^r.ry S. an-i Oracib^l \V. Brickell to Henry
Foi£'-. lot on E line of San Jose avenue. lSj S
of Twenty-fourth str-r«-t. S CZ by E 9"; 510.
K«Try PeJKfe to Hubert Hmad. lot on W line
of Cap;< street. ii£ S of Twenty-fifth. S 3 b;.
\V 313; t'.>.
Charles D. and Effle D. Runker to Alex M.
Atl:ar.as:ad». lot on E line of Guerrero street.
Kl:M i of T».r.!> -fifth. S 14:6 by E 123: $10.
A!b-rj J.. Slant and UOOlac K. Pon to J. P.
Por. E?tat* C*orrTna::>- «a i-orporaiion). !ot on W
line of Wa>hir.f.oa p:ai»'. 7) S of Jackson
str-e-T. S :- by W *•. taiJ Washington plac«
r»>:r.* H E of turpont ; al?o lot on ? line of
-'acsfic SUtet. IH E of Taylor. E 3 by S $>.•:
O^rx* O. r>ivi» it.v B. Oliver, fommlsriontT)
to ll:b»m:a Sav;r.»r« ar.-! Loan :-oi-i*-ty. lot on
5E curn-r of Buchanan and Vall«-Jo stret-ts. N
:~6 by E !":•;. aJsj iot on N llr.e of Ellis
«tr.e». ii; : « E r.f Jr.r.*-:. E r. bjr N it: .6. UZ.v*>.
G. T. zvA Ar.r.i- Kr.o;>f to J jt.n E. K*-sMnie.
lot on 'W *iir.'- of Leavesvorth »t!«t, 55 S of
Chestnut, B -T:« by W 110: JU>
Amelia T'rsin v> Nathaniel T. Contaoo. lot on
NW lin* of Welsh street. 13-.. BW of Fourth. SW
25 by XW -.:>: *jo.
A. L. ar.d Hattle C. I^ncfeld to Ja<-ob B.
Eokman, Sot on W Ur.e of First avenue. 373 ?
cf California street south <Deeth>. S :S by W
1T>: Rfli
Oor;re C. ar.* Etta H Edward* to Frunk
Lord, lot on E line of Eleventh avenue 100 S
of O street. 5 50 by E I»: lift.
Her.ry S.. Loete D.. J.-hn C. Evadr.e ami
Hovrarf Bricke'.l to City ar.d County of San
Francisco, lot on fc"tt* corner of Twenty-fifth
areaue an<? like street if I^alc* we« produced
In a Sine W. ar.d said C"mrrj»ncnvnt Is al«o
KE corner O. L. Mock &«. K 2. X « W 310 Sff
«« "v\* Z*:,. S f< E Cat for a j.ubiic street and
highway; S2f>
James A. Ft-rror. to J. .T McDad* (S) and D
T. Ra*ran <M. '.ots Zi and IS. block 24?. South
Paa FranclRoo Honi«-*tead and Railroad Asso
ciation. « lot!-. CS by I!»: $10.
— Alameda County.
y. H. Ayrrn 'fir.rle* to Anton Christ»n»on,
W on STvT comer of Tenth end Webster street?.
V.- •» by £ 75. portion of block 120. Kellersber-
F«*r"e n:aj>. Oakland: $10.
John Car.tfl<-!d to TV. .1. an* Marparet Hamb
ftrtfet, lot <vn N Hr.e of Thirty-^^cond street.
FJ:3 E cf Chestnut. E V> by N KM. portion of
\:«rM CZ, Watt? Tract. Oakland; tS.
John eni Ar.r.le M'-Rae to Edward J. Howe.
lot m N line of Twenty-pecrnid «re*t. 12T. W
* Filbert. TV 76:«. N ia:€ E 76:€ S 2E3. portion
T-' block €34. lV.ar«5T.an> map. Oakland: til.
Jeann> K. and Morris Is/bucr to W. F. Ortf
fin. lot ra tv line of Car.nlnr street, i0 N of
Theme. S El by W IV). Jots 17 ar.d 1«. block L.
rr.ap refubdivinlon portion of Roberta and Wolf
»k::i Tract. «aid lot* b«InK same as lot ». block
I., map 3. said tract. Oakland : J10.
John F. and Maria R. Din^well to Richard
B. Ay-r. lot ot\ SW line of Eait Fourteenth
< Acarr.y) rtree*. V> FE of Second avenue fAla
rreda street). SE V< bv SW f«f>. portion of block
M Clinton. Eaat Oakland : JJO.
S-arah Jane Ba!l»y <w!fe of C. M.) to Char]e«
V.. Cribble, all Intercut In iot on E corner of
T.ttfX Elphth rtreet ar./i Fifth avenue. SE 140
»>- N »>. portion of block 3, Clinton. Eart Oak
larifl: tlO.
Cora A. Fmlth 'widow) and William J. Smith
t-> Nancy Hamilton fwldow). lot 1. block 754,
nap of Syndicate Inv«-rtmen? '.'ompany'e i>uh
«flvlFlon of b!'-~kF 751 to "'A inclusl\-e. 7W and
T70 cf L*vy and T>ane Tract*. Fraltvale, Brook
lyn Township; $5.
Joseph and Iv.-rtha C-old.Tian 'his wife) an d
I. TV. and Carrie Oildman Chis wife) to Theo
Melr.hard. Jot bejrlnnlnc at a point on SE line
of Redwood avenue. is«5.S3 fi\»' of Tobler street.
STV SO by SE It5. Brooklyn Township; al»o lot
foerinnlnir at a poir.t on N\V llrje of Ooldman
avenue. VA.'A FW of Tobl<>r stre»t. SW 30 by
JCW 125. sbov* two pieces heinjr Uttn 15 and 4T«.
Kru!tx - ale Park Tra'-t. Hrooklyn Township: 110.
Arthur P. and Nellie p. f'urtin to Charles R.
Jones, lots E and I", block V?. plat of San I^-an
<!ro. E<Jen Tiwusblp: Xi'ilfi.
Fred V. and Lotus M. VdrA /wife) to Mary
A. Coburn 'widow*, lot on N line of Thirtlr-th
rtr*»t. VZ W of Wf-sl «treet. W :V> by N 140
lot U. block 20C3. R^.-alar.rt Tra't. Oakland- $10
Alfred H. Blow and Mary V. Well (lilow)
'as trustees under deed of Mary A. Blow and
John R. Glancock) (individually) to George
P'*rlin<r. all Interest in lot on (iff corner of
ThirTy-ftecond and Linden streets. S SO by TV
ItZ r/Ortion nt block CO. Glaflcnrfc Tract. Oak
toBfl; alno lot* 3, 4, 6. 4» to M, Mock 670. same.
r%<anA: alK> lots II to 13. C to 27, 3! to 23, 35
<VI «*. Mock C7I, same. Oakland: also lot I,
Nock T72. «arr)». Oakland; also all fractions of
Mock C3, bounded W by E line of Filbert :
nrwt. Y. by TV line of * San Pablo avenue and
F by N Hne of Thirty-second strtet, same. Oak
is nd; also lots 2. 2. 4, « to II. 1*. W. Z\, 23 to 27,
£9 t/> 2S and 2* to «L block €74, *anu., Oakland;
■Uh lot* 1 to II. 17. 23 to 21. In block (Ml. same,
':a.k!and: also entire blocks t. h and 6 and lots
2 to iff. n to a. Mock 7, map North Alatneda
Tra<-t. formerlr Valdez and Olascock Tract.
T:roolc!>T Township; also HE 16S.70 feet of block !
It TArr\f. Brooklyn Township; also subject to
'/* M. S3 and mortrsite June 7, JSOO, and deed of ;
trust listed December 22, J£37. Brooklyn Town- :
rh»r; «».
«"^urie Tt. fii»>rllnsr and O»orge Rterllnr <and ,
*« attorney) to I. C I>ewl« and M. P. W.
Atbt*. all or blorkf 5 and «. and BE K3.70 of
blork IS, map North AlsrnMs Tract, formerly
Vai<j*jr and CJlancock Tract, Brooklyn Town
i hip; tlO.
*i. F. «nd Amelia J. Calberc to Hurry. Ben-
T.'r drum*-*). lot on N'W line of Klghth iv»nu>,
Vn NE of K Tenth «tre»t. KK SO by NW 100.
i.l"k t», niniog, Esrt Oakland: tlO.
R n. Hlilman to Mr*. EllzaV-tli Bucking
liam, Irit nn E corner of Seventh avenue fBen
».,n sir"e«» and Kant Sixteenth utreetii, NB 100
I V BE 6S. blrjck M. same. Kast Oakland; 120.
Kllipo and Kate I.ydla Delleplanl <w|fe) to
Oakland Tavinjc Comjiany lot 12.
Mock r>, Huliurhsn Tract. Berkeley; |».
Frank «jid Elizabeth A. Telchmann. Oeorge
T- and Anna R. W«:ilnifton and Oakland Pav
inr 'Vri««nv rcorporation) to Jamen P. and
Ktcma HlczSna rwlfe). Mime. Berkeley; $100.
' Builders' Contracts.
_T?tnothy J. and Annie Bheehan (owneni) with
" Illlan; Plant (contractor), architect Thoma»
J. welsh— All work «xcejit piumhintr. (raaftttlnjc.
eewrrlriK. palntlncr. Framing, vamishinr. lln
crurta, electric work, lathinr and plastering
CATCH A KANSAS
CITY MURDERER
Marysville Officers Be
lieve Prisoner Is
Redmond.
Answers the Description of
the Slayer of Miss . '
Schumacher. > .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MARYSVILLE. Nov. 20.— The police of
this city believe they have In custoOy
James Redmond, who is 'wanted in Kan
sas City. Mo., for the murder of Miss
Schumacher. • • *
Officer Single on Wednesday night de
tected two men In the act of stealing a
ham from in front of the United States
Hotel and arrested them. One of the men,
v.ho gave his name as James Cornell,
was sentenced to sixty days In the County
Jail by Judge Raish yesterday. District
Attorney McDaniels believes Cornell to be
James Redmond, alias Coleman.
The man was recognised after his arrest
by Policeman McCoy, *no had a photo
graph and description of the Kansas City
murderer. Should he prove to be not the
man. it is a remarkable case of similarity
in appearance. .
With the description of Redmond, as
sent out by the Chief o* Police of KansPs
City, is a statement that the man slu.t
and killed Miss" Schumacher, a clerk in
a store, while he was attempting to rob
the plate. He is described as having tnt
tooed on his left forearm a ballet girl
tvith sword in hand; on the right forearm
a tombstone, a weeping willow, a suilor
and an anchor. There Is a wart on the
left side of Redmond'*, neck. The man
now serving time In the County Jail has
all of these marks.
At the time of the murder Redmond
was supposed to have been shot in the
mouth, the bullet striking the lower Up
and passing through the left cheek. This
man has a number of teeth missing from
the left jaw and a very plain scar appearj
on the cheek.
Photographs of Cornell have been taken
and will be forwarded with full descrip
tion to the Kansas Cltv authorities.
THE CHEF AND HIS MINIONS.
Inside View of a Big Hotel's Kitchea
Department.
For his services 'the chof of a big hotel
may receive Slu.umJ a y^ar, a big salary for
cooking, but by no means out of proportion
to his value to the hotel, lie Is supreme
In his workshop, the kitchens, which are
large, brilliantly lighted and scrupulous
ly clean roomd, with hardly a suggestion
in the air of broiling and baking and
roasting and frying that is eroing on all
around. The cher, with sub-chefs over
the butcher shops, the soups, the entree*,
the masts, the vegetables, the bakeehopx
and the pastries and a hundred cooks
are calling cut orders in French, for they
are nearly all French or Swiss, and
French is the language of the kitchen as
well as of the court whenever a good
cuisine is attempted, and bustling around
in their white caps and aprons, so Intent
on their work that the intrusion of a
stranger is not noticed. The waiters, in
their black coats, with their order cards
and their trays, thread their way In and
out among the cooks, each hurrying to fill
his order in the shortest possible time.
It is a finely specialized kitchen, however,
and all the scurrying back and forth and
shnll calls in Krench for portions of
many dishes s*-em confusing only for a
moment. Then follows an appreciation of
the wonderful system of the place that
insures the highest art In cooking, of the
men who do nothing but roast all day
with a knowleiige of the exact number of
minutes and even seconds required to pro
duce the best results, of others woh jug
gle copper skillet*, and of others who fry
and bake and carve and garnish, and. of
the gardemanger where the portions of
meat and raw foods are prepared and
dressed in readiness for the range.
Each ccok attends only to the prepa
ration of his own dishes, and as for the
chef, he seldom cooks at all. He has an
offlcf* of his own. where he keeps his
memoranda, his books and his special
menus and the secrets of his business.
During the rush hours his place Is In the
center of the kitchen, directing, watching
and when necessary admonishing. If »ev
eraJ big banquets are in progress, making
it necessary to send hundreds of portions
of v>aoh dish to them «t once, it in the
chefs duty to see that these courses are
sent up promptly and to cluck off each
onf on the bulletin board at the i.me It Is
sent. When he goes off duty one of his
assistants takes his olace. Besides the
cooks there are a dozen men and women
who do nothing but peel potatoes, others
v.ho make toast and still others who at
tend to the dishwashing machine. The
butcher and his assistants have charge of
the supplies of meats, some of which—
for instance, berf— are kopt In the big re
frigerators, where the temperature never
varies a degree for three months before
serving. In strong contrast with the dishes
they have beon preparing Is the compara
tively simple dinner or the cooks thenv
selves. As they sit at the. long table In
their white aprons and caps, before each
one is placed a bottle of claret. They are
the only employes to whom the hotel
serves wine. This is a right Jealously
guarded by the cooks, and. they allege,
made necessary by their work over hot
ranges.— George Barry Mallon In Alns
lee's.
Our Literary Productivity.
Some one has characterized America as
the land that flows with Ink and money,
and the first Ingredient Is certainly liber
ally uhed by the medical profession h*»re
The wine Is true of the medical profes
sion abroad, possibly to a greater extent
than her« In some respects. In the Inter
est of higher standard* and greater con
centration and accesslblllty.of our medi
cal literature an appeal must be made
to the self-criticism of those who write
Let not your literary activity be mcan
ured by the number of papers and ad
dressed printed each year, or by their
length, but solely by the quality. And
when publishers; tempt you to cover
again «ome well-trodden field, yield not!
"Mr. Waffles," said the landlady. "1
have a word to ray to you." .
"Make It a dozen, Mrs. Fry," remarked
the younir pian.
"Mr. Waffles."' naM. the landlady, "you
have been nmokins; In the parlor "
"Tea, Mr*. Fry."
"You have nmoked In the parlor many
times.. Mr. \\ r alfl<s. And you have smoked
In your room and In the library and even
In the dlnlnar-room — and you owe me for
three weeks' board, Mr. WafTles,"
"Yes, Mr». Fry."
"Where there Is so much smoke. Mr.
Waffles, there must toe some fire."
So she fired him. — Cleveland Plain
Dealer. .
It was a feminine voice that came over
the telephone wire this time.
"Is this the weather forecaster?"
"Yea, ma'am. Can I do anything for
you?"
"Yes, Blr. I would like to have you tell
me how much longer this humidity Is go-
Ing to last."
"Pardon me, but why do you wish to
know that?"
"Because I washed my hair a week ago,
and I want to find out how much longer
I've, got to wait for It to dry."— Chicago
Tribune,
for a three-ntory and basement frame building
on lot on E lira of Baker utreet, 110 N of
Halsht. E 121-10% by N 27:«, W A £23; J6165.
Same owner* with Allen A fjooney (contrac
tors); architect name— Water service, «ewerini;.
plumbing, (ran service and Kaifltting for nme
on name; tllZ2.
C, F. Marweo>l (own»r) with A. Hermann
(contractor), architects William Moo»er lc Bon-
All work for a two-iitory and basement brick
litilMInK on lot on N line *>f Lick alley, 9S W
of Him street. W 4*:« by N 28; «285.
. I*. • Peterson (owner) with D. A. Cheaney
(contractor), architect T. Pateraon Rpaa— All
work except manteto, tlllnir, gai fixtures and
finish hardware for a two-story and basement
frame bulMln* on lot on 8 line of Twenty-fifth
street, 7t E of Ouerrero. E 60 by 8 37:5: 12700.
Many a man's dollars exceed his sense
In the ratio of 1000 to 1. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALJD^ SUNDAY| DBGEMfeER i; 1^01.
REPUBLICANS AND DEMOCRATS
OF THE HOUSE HOLD CAUCUSES
Representative Henderson of Iowa Is : Again Chosen Speaker, and
Richardson of Tennessee Is the Choice of the Minority "Mem-r
. bers for Leadership—- Bourbons Score Trusts and 'Free Silver
\T Tf T/ASHINGTON, Nov. 3O.-The
\\ y\ / caucus of the Republican
yl/xlf members of the House was
V V held In the House of Repre
sentatives this afternoon
and lasted about three
hours. Spf aker Henderson and the old
officers of the House wore made the
unanimous choice of the caucus, and the
major portion of the time was devoted to
nn effort led by Representative Hepburn
of Iowa to effect some changes in the
rules of the last House. Hepburn has
made a similar fight for the liberalizing
of the rules at the opening of each Con
gress for a number of years, but without
success, and to-day he was again unsuc
cessful.
Cannon of Illinois presided over the de
liberations of the caucus and Loudensla
ger of New Jersey acted as secretary.
There were 146 of the 19S Republican
members of the House present. Lacey of
Iowa placed General Henderson in nom
ination for Speaker and he was unani
mously chosen as the candidate of the
caucus. He was escorted to the chair
by a committee consisting of Payne of
New York. Tawney of Minnesota and
Lacey of Iowa. In response to a very
enthusiastic reception Henderson ad
dressed the members of the caucus, say-
Ing in part: '
We nre confronted now with work which
will aflert the mlmls of the i*H>ple at the elec
tions next yoar. Every Republican will bs
upon hl» mettle. We w!lt expect ihc Kanis
from the ofpoMtlon. Thrre Is always more
activity at every CoDgri'«s preceding a Con
gressional election than at any other time.
We wltl require all of the wisdom we ponses*
and all of the patriotism, for we have a great
danger to confront ux continually, and that lt>
the surplus In the treusury. I appeal to my
tolicagues. Republicans, to keep In mind that
this Is a danger, and If we can be wise In the
{■resenc-e of that danger we will find approval
from the American people. The American
l>eople do not ex|>ect any niggardliness in the
treatment of the matters that they r»o.ulre. I
do not counsel that, but I counsel that con
servative consideration of every question which
vhould be ob<erved at all tlinen. without ref
erence to the hundred millions that we are »<>on
to have.
Henderson urged the members to be
regular In attendance upon the sessions of
the House.
Sherman of New York then offered an
omnibus resolution' for the re-election of
the old officers of the old House—Alex
ander McDowell of Pennsylvania, as
clerk; Henry Cas<»on of Wisconsin, us
sergeant at arms; W. J. Glenn of New
York, as doorkeeper: Joseph C. Mctelroy
of Ohio, as postmaster, and Henry M.
Couden of Michigan, as chaplain. This
resolution also was unanimously adopted.
Oppose Modification of Rules.
Hepburn's efforts to se«-ure a modlflca-
Hon of the rules followed. Dalzell of
'Pennsylvania offered a resolution for the
adoption of the old rules with certain
prescribed changes which, however, did
not alter the operation of the rules
themselves. His resolution was as fol
lows:
Resolved That the rules of the House of
Repre*ent»tlves of the Fifty-sixth Congress be
adopted as the rules of the House of Repre-
Hentatlves of the Fifty-seventh Congress, with
the following modifications:
First— That the special orders or March S and
March 14. 1900. providing a method for the con
sideration of pension claims and other private
bills, shell be continued during the l-'lfty-
Mventh Congress.
Second— That the place of the select commit
tee on the twelfth census rules of the Fifty
sixth Congress shall b? filled In the rules of
the Flfty-*eventh Congrras by a standing com
mittee to consist of thirteen members and have
jurisdiction of all proposed legislation concern
ing the census and the apportionment.
Resolved, further. That there shall be ap
pointed to serve during the Fifty-seventh Con
gress a select committee en Industrial arts ana
expositions, to consist of nine members, whlc.-.
shall have Jurisdiction of all matters except,
those relating to the revenue and appropria
tions referring to the centennial of the Louis
iana purchase and proposed expositions.
Resolved, further. That the select committee
on the examination and disposition of docu
ments of th- Fifty-sixth Congress shall be con
tinued as a select committee In the Fifty
seventh Congress.
Adopt Temporary Rules.
Mr. Hepburn immediately offered an
amendment providing . that the rules
should be adopted temporarily for forty
days, at the end of which time they should
be placed before the House for considera
tion. He made a very earnest argument
in favor of this temporary action. In the
course of which he pointed out four ma
terial changes which he believed should
be made In the rules as they have existed
for several Congresses. One of these was
to provide that the right of recognition,
now lodged In the Speaker, should be
given to the first member addressing the
chair; the second was to provide for four
suspension days a month instead of two;
the third was to provide for the revival
of the old "morning hour" as it existed
before the first Congress of which Mr.
Reed was Speaker, and the fourth was to
provide that Senate amendments to the
House bills should be subjected to the
ALL-AMERICAS
MEET DEFEAT
San Jose "Fans" See a
Splendid Game of
Baseball.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 30.— San Jose was
treated to a spectacular game of baseball
this afternoon by Lajole's All-Amer'cas
and tho National Leaguers, in which the
former were defeated by a score of 5 to'Z
A small but enthusiastic crowd of fans
witnessed the finest exhibition of ball
ever seen here, by the greatest players
on the American diamond. Tremendous
hitting and brilliant fielding characterized
the contest. The National Leaguers
played an errorless game, while the
All-Americas made seven blunders. Of
the errors four were made by Irwln, the
famed short stop. Muddy grounds made
fielding difficult. The fielding of Picker
ing and the heavy batting of Davis, Brad
ley and Lajole of the All-Americas, with
the catching of Chance and the clean
work of Van Haltren and McHale for the
Nationals were features of the game,
McHale made three hits out of four times
at bat. Pickering won the admiration of
the audienco by .accepting a difficult
chance from a long drive by Carr, far out
Into left field. Chance distinguished him
self by catching two hard fouls.
The All-American made eight hits off
Mercer's delivery and he gave • two men
base on balls. 'Bernard of the All-Amer
icas struck out five men and allowed eight
base hits. « , '
•The All-Americas were first to bat, but
were retired In short order. Mertes scored
for the Nationals. The second Inning was
uneventful. In the last of the third the
Nationals added another run, Van Hal
tren scoring on an error of Lajole, who 1
threw wildly. In a double play. No runs
were made in the fourth, but in the fifth
the Nationals made two. These were
made by Van Haltren and Mercer.'
In the sixth Inning the Nationals did
some pretty field* work, the chief feature
of which , was a double play by Irwln to
Lajole to Davis, but they, were unable
same points of order to which they would
be subject had the amendments originated
in the House. ' •
Dalzell of Pennsylvania replied at con
siderable length to Hepburn's argument,
contending that the present rules were an
evolution, and had worked bo admirably
in facilitating the transaction .of. business
that the Democrats, despite their outcry
against them during the Fifty-first Con
gress, had not dared to materially modify
them when they, came back into power In
the Fifty-second Congress. He took occa
sion to score Hepburn for harping on the
subject of the rules.
The discussion lasted about two hours.
Shattuck of Ohio supported the Dalzell
resolution. Crow of Pennsylvania, though
generally in favor of the old rules, desired
a modification which would take away
from the chairmen of committees the
power of controlling time on measures be
fore the House. When Hepburn's motion
was put it was defeated by an overwhelm
ing vote of 3 to 1.
He then offered in succession as distinct
amendments the four modifications of the
rules which he had suggested in his argu
ment. These were in turn voted down.
The highest vote which any of them re
ceived was 41. No question of policy was
broached at the caucus.
Caucus of Democrats.
The Democratic members of the House
of Representatives met in caucus in the
hall of the House at 11 o'clock to-day.
There are 151 Democrats and eight Fu
sionists, Silverites and Populists in the
House. Of these members of the min
ority 126 were present, including- Shafruth
of Colorado and Newlunds of Nevada. Sil
verites. Neville and Stark, Populists, of
Nebraska declined to enter the caucus.
Hay of Virginia, chairman of the Demo
cratic caucus, presided. Without opposi
tion the following selections were made
for officers of the House, to be presented
at Iht) meeting of the House next Mon
day:
Speaker— Richardson, Tennessee.
Clerk— Kx-Rfpresentattve James Kerr,
Pennsylvania.
Sergeant at arms— Ex-Representative E.
V. Brook.slUf, Indiana.
Doorkeeper— Charles Edwards, Texas.
Postmaster— James K. Jackson, Ala
bama.
The selection of Richardson as candi
date for Speaker clothes him officially
with the minority leadership. The four
places on the House rent allowed the min
ority will be filled by Isuac Hill of Ohio.
assistant sergeant at arms, and James F.
Knglish of California. Felton B. Knight
of Georgia and Kwing Bland, aon of Sil
ver Dick Bland of Missouri, special ; em
ployes.
Appeals to the Minority.
Richardson briefly thanked the caucus
for the honor done him, and said:
I shall not attempt here and now to discuss
or lay down any principles by which we are
to be governed a* a party. It would nut be
appropriate for me to do so.* There is ono
thing, however, that I will say now at the very
beginning of our service, bei-ause I believe It 1b
proper that It should be said. It H this: 1
urge upon you and each of you the burpasalng
Importune* of attending the wsalona of the
House. We have a minority consisting of about
1*) members. If every member of this oppo
sition will attend our seiwlon.t and answer
when his name m called, wo will make our op
position effective and oftentimes will be able
to drteat our opponents In their efforts to pats
unwise and Improper measures. 1 feel that I
nave the right to auk you, and I do .mk you
now that, you are chosen to All a.«eat in the
Houje. that you will be aa anxious to occupy
that seat here aa you assured your constitu
ents you were desirous of ocuupylns It before
the election. If we are punctual In our attend
ance, although in the minority, we will be able
to do much In the way of enacting- wholesome
legislation, and. more and above all. we will
be- able to prevent the enactment of many bad
law*. The country will, when the session
closes, pass Judgment, not only on the action
and conduct of the .majority tide of the House,
but also on the minority side, and If «« have
acted wisely and patriotically we will place our
party In the ponltlon to deserve and to com
mand a decisive victory In the Congressional
elections of next year and a still greater tri
umph in the national contest of 1904.
Resolutions Denounce Trusts.
The interesting portion of the caucus
followed. Representative McClellan of
New York, at the direction of the Demo
cratic members of the New York delega
tion, who had met Just prior to the as
sembling of the caucus, offered the fol
lowing resolution as an expression of the
sense of the caucus:
Resolved. That we shall promote to the ut
most of our power the removal of the opprei-
Hive, restrictive and oiten prohibitory features
of the existing tariff. It hat been truly de
clared to be the mother of trusts. The tend
ency to create combinations of wealth, estab
lishing practical monopolies In the manufac
turing and commercial Industries of the UnltM
States, threatens the future existence of Indi
vidual manufacturers and merchants and
tradesmen of moderate or small means.
The tendency must undermine the sturdy
independence of targe bodies .of Ameri
can citizens and may well be deemed the most
serious menace, to the moral and political wel
fare of the country. The time has come when
to score. The All-Americas pulled them
selves together in tho seventh, and by
timely batting made two runs, Davis and
Lajolc scoring. Stolnfeld of the Nationals
scored In the eighth. The two teams will
play again to-morrow afternoon. The
score:
ALL-AMERICAS.
AB. R. DH. SB. PO. A. E.
narrett, a f 4 0 10 4 10
Pickering, 1. f 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Davlx. lb.... I 1 1 0 8 0 0
La JoJe, 2b 4 1 2 0 4 2 1
Irwln, s. s 4 0 S 0 0 S 4
FraKcr. r. f 4 0 1 0 0 1-0
Bradley, 3b 4 0 10 2 2 0
Kulllvan. c 4 0 0 0 4 10
Bernhard, p.... 4 0 0 0 0 S 2
Totals 35 2 t 0 34 IS 7
NATIONALS,
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Van Haltren, e. t.... 4 2 2 0 1 0 0
Morton. 2b 4 1 10 2 3 0
Chancr, c 4 0 1 1 400
Keckley, lb 4 0 1 0, 12 1 0
BtdnfMt, n. b........i4 1 0.0 16 0
McHale. 3b 4 0 S 0 2 1 0
Ilulen. 1. f ". 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
Carr. r. f.. .......:... 4 0 0 0 1 0 0
Mercer, p 3 10 0 13 0
Total 85 6 ~» 1 ' 27 14 ~0
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
All-America* ........... 0 0 0 0 0 0 2 0 0-2
Bane hits 0000212 2 j_g
Nationals 1 0 2 0 2 0 '0 0 «-n
Base hits 2 0 1111 11 *-s
SUMMARY. I
Two-baae hits— Chance, Bradley. First bate
nn errors— All-Amerlcnn I, Nationals 4. First
base on culled balls— Off Mercer 1. Left on
bases— Nationals 7, All-Americas ■ 8. Struck
out— By Bemhnrd 3. by Mercer 2. Double play*
—Barrett to Sullivan: KtelnOIt to ■ Mertea to
Ueckley. Time of >rnme— 1:15. Umpire—Can
tlllon. Scorer — Roy Walter.
Germany and Venezuela. Agree.
TRINIDAD, D. W. I., Nov. 80-Through
the rearrest of the alleged murderer of a
leading German trader at Caracas, whose
trial and liberation were recently ordered
and obtained i by President Castro, one
cause of the difficulties existing between'
tho German and Venezuelan Governments
has disappeared. • The prisoner, it Is an
nounced, will be compelled to undergo 1 , a"
new trial. . . :
Uncle— I invited j Jlnimie to sleep with
me last night and thought the mosquitoes
would eat Jimmio and let me alone.
Uncle's friend— How did It work?
Uncle— Oh, the mosquitoes let me alone,
but they made Jlmmie kick me all night.—
Chicago Record-Herald. - .
Mrs. Uppertcn— The King, does not seem
to be nearly so happy as ha was when he
was merely a Prince. '.:■-',■ ■-:■■■
Mrs. Veriswell— Naturally. It's the dif
ference ■■ between brilliant prospects and
dull realities.- Life. '
our industries, manufacturing as well as agri
cultural, which practically enjoy no "protec
tion" for the reason that their products are
exported and because, whether or not duties
be levied in their favor, no competing products
can be profitably Imported, should be permit
ted to avail themselves of foreign markets to
the fullest extent, as they cannot do under ex-
Isting restrictions. Highly protected Industries
should no longer be permitted to sell more
cheaply to foreigners than to their own coun
trymen. Fit and thorough relief can be had
only by amendment of the present tariff act.
But we shall favor such reciprocity treaties as
will reduce, even If they do not altogether re
move, the unfair and oppressive burden of the
present system. . .
2. We shall favor Just and generous treat
ment of, the Inhabitants of Porto Klco and
Cuba. American obligations to Cuba should be
sacredly performed. Having freed her from
Spanish dominion and assumed over her a pro
tectorate and even some of the prerogatives of
her sovereignty we are bound by every con
sideration of Justice and generosity to allow
her the largest practical liberty of commercial
Intercourse with our own country.
3. We are opposed to the subsidy bill pre
sented at the last session as calculated to
create a shipping monopoly.
*. We shall oppose the use In any form of
the money of nil the people for the exclusive
benefit of private Interests.
6. We shall Insist on the sacred fore* of tha
fundamental rule of democratic self-govern
ment. Whatever crotectorate over newly -ac
quired Islands or lately conquered peoples may
be necessary, for a longer or a Bhort time,
whatever limited sites for naval stations may
properly be retained or acquired by the United
SjtnteB. we are opposed to any Incorporation
Into our republic or other lands or the as
sumption of sovereignty over them, except as
their Innabltants may be fitted for such self
government and except as the protection of
our constitution no legs than of our flag may
be extended to them with safety to ourselves.
We are opposed to the establishment of any
colonial or any other system whereby the exec
utive or military power of the United States
rht y « P^ rmanently J rule ma «»es of men outside
nf n / .°J ?" . an ? ""'Wards of the constitu
tion of the United States. Wherever the Unlteu
!i Tk. i "" umed obligations they must, no
? n ,™Vi be C ull J r met - but w "»» the steadfa»t
1« . i a . 1 Vi e "a 1 ""* 8 * practicable moment
to accord to the peoples of other lands now
mnntLhf^ er th f , Mme rlsrht of self-govern
ment which we claim for ourselves.
No More of Pree Silver.
The presenting of this resolution pre
c.pituted a row. Richardson attempted to
prevent the reading of It by a motion to
refer all resolutions to a special commit
tee of twelve, who should report at a
future caucus, but this motion was ruled
out of order pending the reading of the
resolution.
When the reading was concluded,- Ball
o-' Texas gave notice that he would offer
tho Kansas City platform as a substitute
and withdrew the report of Fitzgerald of
New York and McDermott of New Jer
sey, both of whom protested against the
injection of the financial issue into the
Democratic councils.
"We cannot ever win," declared Fitz
gerald, "if v/e do not discard the heresy
of free silver."
"We can never win," retorted Ball,
"unless men calling themselves Demo
crats support the national platforms of
the Democratic party."
After further sharp exchanges. Rlch
ardson succeeded In quelling the disturb
ance by renewing his motion to refer all
resolutions to a special committee, to be
appointed by the chairman of the caucus.
This motion prevailed. The following res
olutions were then introduced:
Resolved. That the Hon. James D. Richard
ton and the Democratic members of the Demo
ctatlc House Committee on Ilules. when ap
pointed, and three members to be appointed by
them, constitute a committee to have In charge
the control and direction of the policy of the
Democratic party In the House of Reprenenta
tlves except as ordered by a caucus of the
party.
By Burlson of Texas:
Resolved. That every Representative In Con
gress participating In this caucus shall be gov
erned by the action of aald -caucus where the
same dees not conflict with the declaration of
principles and policies set forth In the last
platform adopted by the Democratic party In
national convention afscmbled.
Resolved. That the best Interests of the Dem
ocratic party will be subserved by the mem
bership of said party In Congress refraining
from soliciting patronage at the hands of the
administration.
By Representative Fitzgerald of New
York:
Resolved. That we oppose any Interference
with the existing standard of values. That
question has been settled by repeated and over,
whelming expressions of popular sentiment and
must be definitely closed to the statutory rec
ognition of gold as the sole standard. The
Democracy of New York has the very greatest
respect for their brethren who for many years
sought the establishment of a bimetallic stand
ard. But the Interests of capital and labor
alike, and above nil. the Interests of the wage
earners of th« country, forbid that the legal
standard of value be uncertain.
By Representative Newlands of
Nevada: .
Resolved. That an advisory committee be se
lected, consisting of one member from each
State, selected by the delegation of such State,
of which the leader of the minority shall be
chairman and the whip shall be secretary.
Thes" resolutions having been referred,
a motion was made and carried that .the
committee which Is to be appointed to
consider them shall report ; to a caucus
to meet Friday evening, January 10. The
caucus then adjourned.
CLOSING FIGHT
IN REVOLUTION
Government Forces Rout
. the Liberals Under
Barrera.
COLON, Nov. v 30.— Tho town Is full of
troops ' from Barra nqullln. Over 700 sol-,
diers. landed from the gunboat General*
Pinzon last nlght.\ These belonged In the
Interior of Colombia and are fine, able*
bodied men and veteran troops, having
taken part in many previous engage
ments. Among them are a few of the
female relatives of the soldiers. General
Alb.in returned to Panama yesterday.
On Thursday, by cutting a passage
through tho woods, unknown to Colonel
Barrera, who. occupied a small hill- at
Buena Vista, a- detachment of. the Gov
ernment forces attacked Barrera's troops.
In the rear. A cross fire in both . front/
and rear resulted In disaster to the at
tacked and tho ultimate surrender of the
town. Tho Government lost. In the en
gBgement Captain Damlen Esplnoza and
several other officers.- = -.-<•• »
Water Supply for Jeru»al'om..
Bad water supply has caused' much
sickness in Jerusalem for many years.
Ihlrty years ago Lady Burdett-Coutts of
fered to give $250,000 to bring water from
Ain Arroub, but the Turkish Government
barred the way. At last, however, at the
suggestion of Mohammed DJevad Pasha,
recently Installed Governor of Jerusalem
the Sultan has given permission to carry
out a plan submitted by i Franghla Ef
fendl, one of his engineers. • A ten centi
meter Iron plpo will bring water from
Aln Salnb (tho sealed fountain) along the
bed of the old aqueduct , which Solomon
built. On July 6 was held the opening
ceremony in the presence of represenna
tives of tha Greek church, Roman Cath
olics, Turku and other communities. In
two months', time.: at a coat of 125,000,
water will be available for all the people
of Jerusalem. '. v . •-? .
Drummer— It !■ pretty hard to get a
drink in this town, isn't It? , v
■ Landlord (Kansas hotel)— You bet* "Why,
you can't even work the snake-bite racket
any more unless , you ■ carry the , snake to
the drug store and let him bite you In the
presence of a committee.— Puck.
FRATERNAL AID
SOCIETY MEETS
San Joaquin Valley Dele
gates Gather in
Visalia. •
A. M. Field Is Elected Presi
dent of. the Body for
the Ensuing Year.
VISALIA. Nov. 30.— The district conven
tion of the . Fraternal Aid -Society met In
this city to-day. Delegates were present
from all parts of the San Joaquin valley.
Special trains over the Southern Pacific
were run during the early hours of the
day to accommodate the delegates and
others who desired to take advantage of
the cheap excursion rates. The delegates
In attendance were:
Fresno-R. w. Rice. A. J. Anderson. O.
v. Adams, Mrs. Cordelia Albln, Mrs. J.
H. Maxwell., Mrs. J, C. Moreland. Mrs.
O. V. Adams. I
Reedley-P. s. Knaur.
Hanford— J. M. Dean, F. Lightstone. M.
G. Long. C. C. Crowell. H. Tepp- J.
Jones. M. E. Dean. Lude Miller. Delia
Huff, Pearl Fisher. A. M. Buchanan.
Tulare-M. A. McMillan, J. M..Robert
son. N. O. Wiley, W. M. Robertson, R.
Jones, O. U. Robertson. John "Wiley M
Faust. E. H. Kemble. M. I. Field. Mrs.
W. M. Robertson. Mra. R. Jones.
MS.^ a B d Gou r ?d. JHOglC ' V - %J - SaKe '
t^ 1^" 0 ' C wim *nis, A. H. Ashton.
J. W\ Roof.
Los Banos— Otis Wiley. E. Knight.
Dos Palos— C. H. Banta.
Farmersvllle— R. K. Brundage. A. R.
Hlrshberger. J. F. Sullenger. Mrs. H. H.
Sullenger. Mrs. Sarah Hlrschberger. Lot
tie Made?.
Lindsay— C. Thels. H. A. Dillon, P. T.
Ostrander, Mrs. Alberta Hersey.
The following officers were elected for
the ensuing year: President, "A. M. Field;
past president. W. "W. Wheaton. Fresno;
vice president. W. A. Long. Hanford: sec
retary. Mrs. O. V. Adams of Fresno;
treasurer. J. M. Dean. Hanford: chaplain,
Mrs. N. O. Wiley; observer, R. K. Brun
dage. Farmers ville: guide, V. J. Sage. La
Grande: sentinel, C. Thela; executive com
mittee—Mrs. R. T. McMillan. Tulans;
Robert Rice. Fresno: P. T. Ostrander.
Lindsay: F. Llgbtston. .Hanford: F. Sul
llnger, Farmersville.
Miss Maldupp— I saw you In bathing
this morning, Mr. Sharpe. It's funny you
didn't see me.
"I didn't expect to/'
"I was sure you saw me at one time.
I was standing close by you on the
beach."
Mr. Sharpe — Oh. yes! I saw you In your
bathing suit.— Dallas News.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
DUELING IN MEXICO — S.. City.
There Is a law In Mexico that prohibits
dueling.
ENVELOPES— Nlmrod, City. There are
two firms In Sun Francisco that manu
facture envelbi>es.
ADA REHAX-F. D. G., City. The ad
dress of Ada Rehan. the actress, is l&l
West Ninety-third street. New York City.
MAP— P., City. There is no map of San
Francisco that gives the "details of the
city, also the population of each of the
several districts."
EMPEROR OF GERMANY— Nimrod.
City. Modern history does not record that
the present Emperor of Germany was
ever crowned. '•>*'■
BANK— L. B., City. This department
cannot advertise any "bank In which one
can place H000 for five years or ten years
so as to receive $30 interest monthly."
MARRIAGE-E. B., City. A person may
marry under an assumed name, but such
a procedure may entail a great deal of
trouble in after years.
MASONS AND DRUIDS-C. W., Angels.
Cal. No one can state with certainty the
date of the origin of Masonry and of
Druidism. The time Is far beyond the
scope of written history.
TO LOS ANGELES-M. V., City. The
distance from San Francisco to Los An
geles by rail is 4S2 miles. The schedule
time by the Los Angeles Express Is twen
ty-two hours.
ORPHANS' HOME-Constant Reader.
City. The only steps required to place
an orphan in an orphans' home In San
Francisco Is to make application to the
manager of the home.
EARTHQUAKES— F. I. B., City. It was
In 1894 that Constantinople j was visited
by a series of earthquakes. There were
severe shocks July 10, 11 and 12 and lighter
ones July 13 and 18. /
FROM LESSING—C. R.. City. The
words, "I have always said it— Nature
meant to make woman its masterniece."
Is from. "Emilia Galotti," by Gmthold
Ephralm Lesslng, a German writer, 1729
17S1. .
HANGED— Subscriber. City. It Is
proper to use hung or hanged, but the use
of hanged is preferable to that of hung
when reference is had to death or execu
tion by suspension, and it is the more
common. - : ' .
COLLEGES— E. D., City. If you will
look In the classified part of the city di
rectory, in the back portion of the book,
you will find a list of the private colleges
you inquire about. The department does
not advertise such.
CALIFORNIA- BORN PAINTERS — A.
C. S., Wadsworth, New Among the best
known Calif ornla-born painters are:,Theo
dore Wores. Matilda Lotz, Henry Ras
chen. Amedee Joullln> John A. Stanton,
Chris Jorgenscn, Eva Wlthrow and Jules
Pages.
ENLISTING— L. L: D.. City. There is
no place In the United States where a man
can enlist In an army that Is at war with
a • nation that Is friendly to the United
Slates. If a man wants to enlist in such
an army he must proceed to the place
whero It is. ■ ■ • ;
SEVEN-MASTED VESSEL— A. S.. City.
Shipbuilders are not agreed as to the
names of the masts of a seven-masted
schooner, but until there is an official an
nouncement they are called fore. main,
mlz/en, fore spinnaker, after spinnaker,
jigger and after Jigger.
-.THREE COINS— E. R.. City. Coin deal
era' catalogues do not clasa a half dollar
of tS24 nor one of 1S30 nor' a dollar of 1872
as a premium coin. A dollar of the dato
given may be purchased from dealers for
|2 BO. 1 a half dollar of 1824 for 90 ce&s and
a half of 1830 for 75 cents. ; 7^
SHAG ROCK— Nlmrod. City. There
were two Shag rocks In the bay of San
Francisco— one a little west of Alcatraz
Island, which, being an obstruction to
navigation,* was recently removed. The
other is a short distance southwest of
Hunters Point. South San Francisco.,
LI HUNO, CHANQ-D. M. O.. .Uklah.
Cal. -The late LI Hung. Chang- may have
been able to I say a few.- phrases in the
English language, but he did not speak
the language. WVhen traveling In English
speaking countries he was always accom
panied by an Interpreter.* - . <
■MACHINE SHOPS-Subscriber,' City.
A ■>'■ person i , desiring . employment/ In • th«
new machine shops at Los Angeles should
file an application with the company that
NEW GOVERNOR
FOR OKLAHOMA
Thomas B. Ferguson Suc
ceeds William M. Jen
kins, Removed.
— ' ■ , -. . 'i
Improper Connection of the
Retired Official With a
Sanitarium Company.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 80.— The President
to-day appointed Thomas B. Ferguson
Governor of Oklahoma, vice William M.
Jenkins, removed. In taking this action
the President attached to the papers tho,
following memorandum;
Governor Jenkins of Oklahoma Is harvby r»-»
moved because of nls improper connection -witia
a contract between the Territory and th» O*U
homa. Sanitarium Company. The decision is
based wholly upon his own written statements
and his oral explanation of them at the hear*
One of the duties of the Terltorial Ooverno*
la to enter into tho contract wita aocn* peraoa
or corporation Xor the keeping of tha Insaa*
of the Territory. Governor Jenkins mada tads
a contract with the Oklahoma Sanitarium Com
pany, a corporation, toe promoters of which
reserved J1O.0OO of Its stock for the Oorwao*
and subject to bis orders.
In the Governor's explanation of til* a-Eatr
be says be told the promoters at tlw time tiey
desired him to sanction tha contract "that It
was an Important contract; that X bad torn*
friends whom I would like to hav» mttrertafl
In the company, to whom I owed some obUga»
tlona which I would not bo able to par by aa
appointment or anything -of that kind." Tba>
stock was delivered to a banker subject to tit*
Governor's order and was turned over to t&es*
friends, whose political services the Oovernor
thus sought to reward.
The extent of the favor to the Governor and
his friends Is suggested by the fact that th*
only known sale of the stock since the contract
waa given out was at double the price paid
for it.
As performance of the contract was to b*
the sole business of the corporation, it is ob
vious either the Territory waa obligated to pay
far more than the service 'was worth, or that
its helpless wards were to have the enormou*
profits contemplated taken out of their keepi.
The Governor's confessed relation to the
matter displays such a lack of appreciation of
the high fiduciary nature of the duties of his
office as to unfit him for their further dls*
charge.
A sound rale of public policy and morals
forbids a public servant from seeking or ao>
ceptlngr any personal benefit In a transaction
wherein he has a public duty to perform.
A, chancellor would not for the moment re*
tain a trustee who. in dealings for -the trust,
reserved an advantage to himself. The thought
la not to tc- tolerated that the President can
be less vigilant and exacting In the public's
interest. THEODORE ROOSEVELT.
Thomas Ferguson of Watonga, OWa.,
went to Oklahoma In 1SS9 and settled at
Water iea when the Cheyenne country, la
which it was located, was opened for set
tlement In 1891. He has - published a
newspaper there continuously since. Ha
was recently appointed Postmaster at
Watonga. \ He Is about 40 years of age,
was educated in Kansas and left college)
as a minister In the Christian church.
For four years he has been secretary of
ths Territorial Committee.
Is constructing them. Th© application
will be referred to the Individual In th»
company who has charge, of employing
men. ■ *.»t?
POPULATION BY DISTRICT-M.. City.
There are no figures that show the num
ber of people living in San Francisco la
the district bounded by Beach street. Van
Ness avenue, California street and tha
water-front.- -It Is doubtful if any caa
give an estimate of the population In that
district.
MASTER OF A VESSEL-J. C. City.
If the master of a vessel of more than 700
tons register runs the vessel ashore whlla
sailing her and she is destroyed he can
not continue as master of a vessel with
out an Investigation having been held by
the proper authorities and in which ho
has been exonerated.
THE TTRITER—C. R. L. Sonora, CaL
Several readers and friends of this de
partment have kindly furnished the nam*
of the author of "'What is Time?". It
was written by WllUam Marsden. a ver
satile author, who died in London in 1S3S.
It is to be found In the Fourth Book of
Lessons of the National schools, pub
lished by Alexander Thorn, Dublin, 1843.
RAILWAY MAIL SERVICE—Subscrib
er. Oakland, Cal. The railway mail ser
vice was introduced in England in 1S3T
and it proved a success from the first.
Such service was not introduced, into
the United States until 1S60. when aa ex
perimental train waa run from New York;
to Boston. The service proper was not
fully Introduced until the Armstrong sys
tem was adopted in August. 1864.
SALUTE— A. O. S.. City. Two reasons
are given why twenty-one guns are A
royal salute. The first is that twenty
one is the number of years fixed by Eng
lish law as the age of majority, and tha
other is that seven was the original saluta
tfnd that three salutes of seven guns each
were fired to typify the three kingdoms-
England, Ireland and Scotland— ruled by
one sovereign.
BRICKS— Subscriber. City. The first au
thentic account of brickmaking is to bo
found in the Bible. In Genesis xi, 3-3,
Is the account of the people Journeying
from the East and finding a plain in the
land of Shlnar. where they dwelt, and said
to one another: "Go to. let us make brick
and burn them throughly. And they had
brick for ston* and slime had they for
morter."
FRUIT JARS— A Subscriber, Ventura,
Cal. This department has time and again
announced that It does not advertise any
business or firms. For that reason it can
not print, the address of a certain firm
that sells fruit jars. Those who desire
answers to questions that amount to an
advertisement must inclose in the letter
of Inquiry a self-addressed and stamped
envelope for reply. y *■ ••/.-
LOCOMOTIVE ENGINEER-M. T..
City, j A young man wishing to become a
locomotive engineer should make appli
cation to the master mechanic of the road
selected. It successful he will be put to
work* in the roundhouse wiping ths
wheels, driving rods, frames, guides, cyl
inders, truckfe and tanks of the engines.
By keeping his eyes open he will gradu
ally learn a great deal about the work-
Ings of an engine or locomotive and in
course of time will be promoted to the po
sition of "fire cleaner" and from that to
"hostler." when he will be required to
keep the boilers full of water, see that
all the parts are- properly cleaned. and that
each engine is dally shifted Into the stall
set apart for it. when he has become
thoroughly familiar with tho duties of
hostler he stands a chance of being sent
out as a fireman on an extra train, or to
act as • substitute for a regular fireman
who is sick or taking a holldajr. The next
promotion is to the rank of "extra" and in
time to full-fledged engineer.
LONGEVITY-S. H.. City. The Medical
Record is authority for the assertion that
woman has the advantage of man as re*
gards longevity. The comparative mor
tality of the sexes at different ages shows
that in the first year of life the mortality
of the female Is much less than that o'f
the male, being at birth 92.64 per thou
sand as against 112.S0. and at the end of
the year 31.87 . per thousand as against
S3.0S. This difference continues up to the
fourth year. From S to 12 the female mor
tality. Is greater than that of the male.
being at the later period 3.56 for males and
■1.23 for females. At the age oX 46 the male
mortality equals that of the female, the
latter having been up to this time slightly
In excess. During the years -16 to 56 the
period of the climacteric, the male mor
tality gains rapidly on the female, being
6.32. for the one and 3.47 for the other.
Hence 'the climacteric la a much mora
serious' time 'for man .than for .woman.
After 56 the female t mortality gains i on
that of the male, but Is always sUffhtljr
below it. "Woman has not only & lesa mots
tality but greater longevity than maa, _
3940
AS TOLD IN THE ANTE-ROOMS
>— _ i HE recently organized relief
* ~~f i * committee of the Foresters
/I 1 of America will give a ball
(V 1 In Native Sons* ; Hall on the
V^-W night of the 3d inst. for the
■* purpose of bringing the new
institution Into prominence.
This new adjunct to the charity of the
parent organization has for Jts officers
Dr. M. Neumann, at one time president
of the relief committee of the Independ
ent Order of Odd Fellows, president: G.
H. Vincent, vice president: S. Schweitzer,
secretary, and Dani<*I Teare. treasurer.
This committee was authorized by the
'.ast tield Grand Court of California to
• Tganiie for the purpose of rendering im
mediate assistance to visltins Foresters
who mar be taken sick or be in distress
In thiF city. Heretofore it was the prac
t're when a member of the order from
the interior was in distress in this city
:r> report himself to the grand secretary
of th*> order and then have that official
place the Individual in th* charge of
some court to take care of him. It olten
happened that persons reporting tbem
pplves In need of fraternal asslrtance pre
s-cntcd themselves on a certain day of the
week, nith the result that various cases
were frequently assigned to tbe same
oourt. aad complaint followed.
To obviate this source of complaint
some cf the wise heads conceived the
idea, cf organizing a relief committee to
work on the same lines as the Odd Fel
lows, eo that there should be no impo
niticn on any one pubordinate body and
that assistance could be rendered with
out delay. Those in charge of the matter
have consulted with the various local
courts, which represent a membership tn
excess of 6W. and enthused them In the
work cf the n»w body to the extent that
cl! promised to give the committee its
hearty support. Arrangements have been
made to obtain the funds Necessary to
carry on the work of helping those who
may apply for assistance.
The general committee that has been
appointed to attend the function that It
to be given on December S is composed
cf the following named: G. A. Sullivan.
?. Schweitzer. J. J. Bacon. T. E. Gib
bons. C. W. Brown. IL S. Bayley. L. F.
Guidet. G. H. Vincent. D. Teare and J.
Label of the American Forester Review.
Krank Noreagia has b*en selected as floor
manager and J. J. Bacon as his assistant.
C W. Brown is chairman of the reception
committee and Frank Miller of tbe floor
committee.
A!l the grand officers have been in
vited to be present and durinp the.even
ing Orand Chief Ranker John Heenan will
address the assemblage for the purpose
•^f making clear the lines upon which the
new institution will do its work in aiding
a!l American Foresters outside of San
Francisco who may need assistance —
financial, medical or surgical. .:
Ancient Order of Workmen.
To-morrotv night Magnolia Lodge of
the Ancient Order of Workmen will
givo its '"«t home" which was postponed
last month on account of the election.
Th*. committee has arranged a first class
1 "c-fframine that will entertain the many
".ho are exnected to be on hand. The
l^orpitality of tb? ledse will be made
manifest and a feature of that will be
;he distribution of Magnolia sandwiches,
the delicacy of which cannot be sur
passed. V ;•■. : ■' ■ : : ; x .'V •
A fine programme has been arranged
fcr the next entertainment that will be
given on tbe night of the lSth inst. in
O6& Fellows* H«ill under the auspices of
the officers of the Grand Lodge.
At the meeting of Prosperity Lodge on
the last Tuesday In November the follow
ing named officers were elected to serve
fcr the ensuing term. Thomas Christie,
master workman; K. E. Anderson, fore
man; C. IL Bennett, overseer: E. Schel
ler. guide; J. F. Sullivan. Inside, and J.
McCourt. outside watchman, and D.
K»»efe. trustee. : _- :■-.
On the last Wednesday in November
Valley Lodge elected as officers the fol
lowing named, who will serve for the first
term of the new year: J. C. Tilden M.
•A'.; XV. W. Allen Jr.. F.; H. L. Eldrldge,
O.: Lou B. Douglass. G.; George Noll
man. L W.; O. Ericsson, O. W., and E.
F. Joy. trustee.
On the night of the 12th Inst. there will
be a visit to Sts. Johns Lodge for the
purpose of having the representatives of
HEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
FREE.
A Marvelous New Book on
Personal Magnetism and
Hypnotism.
Startling Facts which are
Agitating the Whole
Country.
*• ■'■ ■ -' * '■'-' -v •'■■'■'" '^w«mmmw *'-'-'■ '•'■?■ ? -"*'■■£- * :- r ■• '■' ■'
; -- ."— ' * : -. ".--" "- . '. .-..-■ . "- -■ "- ■=■--- ----. ■--.-. -'-■ •".""'■ "
• " . ■ .-■ - '- ' ' . ■"■' .- . *"' "T* "-"- ;.■ "- - . ;-'".--. .■■■■■- -i<- : : •"."' " '■'"'>-•' ' '
The Labors of nearly Fifty
Experts combined for
;." t he Elevation of
Mankind.
■•-. •',.; •:.'-,■■•".■■-;.•.• .' . ..'-•:• A-..-V..;.':- ■._.*■:•■.■:■/■,
The Great Universities of Amer-
ica and Europe contribute
to the final course.
The Occult so Simple that
everybody can b; ,
successful. ".;•.:-; li'S?
.'■ '.- •■■ ; -\ .'■■ %- . -.•..-■• ■ . f- : ' : '//:: [ -. '■■; :; '';
One cf the most astounding new books
cf the age is the one just published by
the American College of Sciences of
Philadelphia. V .
Tbe new facts presented prove that
every person has the power to exert en
influence over others, and that it Is not
merrily the "strongest" mind that can
£tr«7 multitudes, f.
This wonderful book divides hypnotic
telence . into Its various branches and
tells how each may be quickly mastered
—mastered so completely at heme that
any one can perform the most marvelous
thlsgv that all have read about, but that
few have eecn demonstrated.
The true secrets of Hypnotism, Mag-
netic Healing, Personal Influence and
Absest Control are laid bare so that the
most ordinary persons can readily grasp
end utilize what nature has endowed
them with. -
By devoting a little time to the science
you can lift yourself from despair to tbe
grandest heights of affluence and success
—can gratify your ambitions and gain
marked bueinefc* and social power. •
Professional and business men every-
where have elven this new book their
unqualified praise and even ministers of
the gospel have expressed their heartiest
approval. • . .
If you wish to avail yourself of tbe
knowledge contained in tbla beautifully
Illustrated work simply f^nd a postal or
letter to the American College of Sciences
Dept. U R.. 418 to iSO Walnut rtreet. Phil-
adelphia* Fa., and a, copy will be sent you
by return mall, free of charge.
the- Grand Lodge present to R. F. Mc-
Kenzie of that lodge a diamond badge of
honor for having during the recent con
test brought in for Initiation the greatest
number of strangers.
An individual representing himself as a
Workman from one of the lodges of Iowa
has been visiting the local lodges nsk'np
for assistance. On the night of the 23d
of November he visited Golden West
Lodge, whpre he told that he was a
teamster, was In need of employment and
had been promised two places, but could
not accept either until he obtained per
mission from the Teamsters' Union to go
to work, and that h« was in distress, be-
ing without funds, would like a small
loan until he could earn enough to repay
it. He told such a plausible story that
he was assisted to the extent of 93 75. The
following Monday night he visited Eureki
Valley Lodge, where he told the same
story, but did not say that he had been
assisted by Golden West. There a purse
of S3 SO was made up for him. and'ladt
Wednesday he called at Valley Lodge and
told the officers the story he had told
In the other lodges. He was told to watt
and at the proper time bis case would
come up for consideration, when he could
make his statement. He remained thero
until Major Blackman, a district deputy,
who had seen him at Golden West, and
Deputy Kidd, who had seen him at Eu
reka Valley, came Into th«s room, when
he quietly sneaked out. .When he was
called for to state his cas?. he \fas not
on hand. He evidently did not want to
tell his tale of woe in the presence of
two deputies. A committee was appointed
to communicate with the lodge in which
he claims his membership.
The lodge in Port Costa had a Thanks
giving eve entertainment on the night of
November 27, on which occasion . Grand
Recorder Spencer was present.
On the 23th of November a class of
eighteen strangers secured by Special
Deputy Eaunders was initiated In the
lodge in Stockton.
The lodges of San Jose are arranging
for a grand entertainment to be given In
the name of the order on the night of the
4th Inst.
The Odd Fellows
Grand Master Nlcholls of the Independ
ent Order of Odd Fellows and Grand Sec
retary Shaw instituted a new lodge at
Gazelle, Slsklyou County, on the 26th of
November, on the 27th they visited the
lodge in Trcka and on the 29th the one at
Bit: sons.
A number of the members of the Ban
Francisco relief committee paid a visit
last wec-1: to the relief committee of San
Jose and were pleasantly entertained.
Alta Lodge will have an at homo In the
memorial hall of the Odd Fellows' build
ing to its members and lady relatives
and friends on the 6th of December.
Morse Lodge, at its last held meeting,
Initiated three candidates. During the
evening the lodge was visited by the
membership of Templar I^odge.
The entertainment which Templar Re
bekah Lodge had arranged for the 22d of
November was postponed on account of
the dca€h of the, father of the noble
grand, Mrs. Geneva Ashworth.
Loyal Rcbekah Lodge In arranging for
an entertainment for the near future.
The art party that was announced for
Oriental Rcbekah Ix)dg;e had to be post
poned on account of the press of business.
It will be given at the close. of the next
meeting. On the night of the 11th Inst.
the lodge will give a. souvenir party. On
that occasion Noble Orand Mrs. Harriet
Beckley will give a descriptive talk about
Juarez, In Mexico, tell of all the strange
rights in tbe Mexican city and will also
tell of the Impressions she gathered on
witnessing a bullfight in that country.
During the evening each lady will be pre
sented with a souvenir of Juarez. . It Is
expected that the meeting will /prove a
very interesting one.' '.
Jubilee Rebekah Lodge will give an en
tertainment and dance on the evening of
tbe 12th lnet. In Odd Fellows' • Hall. In
celebration of Us second anniversary.
The Eastern Star.
Installation cf the new officers of the
chapters of the Eastern Star is now In
order. The local chapters will commence
installing during the coming week. ■■
Last week Mrs. Clara Abbott Giberson,
tbe worthy grand matron. Installed the
officer! of Unity Chapter at a public meet
ing of the chapter and at the close of tbe
service was presented with a handsome
basket filled with exquisite flowers by. the
chapter through Past Matron Monck.
Mra. Eunice ArvlUa Ollne>s, the retiring
matron, was presented a magnificent
jewel, also a handsome pearl and gold
pin, the presentation speech being by
Augusta Dunn Wilson, P. G. M.
The officers of Morning Star Chapter
at Petaluma will b« installed on the even
ing of the third Tuesday in December at
a called meeting.
Tbe offlcen of Beulah Chapter will be
Installed on the night of the 8th lost, aad
THE SAN FRANCISCO; CALL; SUNDAY, DECEMBER 1, 1901V
the chapter extends an invitation to all
members of the order to be present.
Harmony Chapter at its meeting last
Thursday night Initiated six strangers and
after the ceremonies served a Thanksgiv
ing dinner to the members and -visitors.
All had a most delightful time.
Native Daughters.
In appreciation of the continuous . and
earnest endeavors of Miss Sophie C.
Btruss on behalf of Calavexas Parlor No.
103, the beauty parlor of the Native
Daughters of the Golden West, on the last
Tuesday in November she was presented a
beautiful solitaire diamond ring, the pre
sentation speech being by Miss Mae Stolz
on behalf of the parlor. Miss Struss will,
with the new year, enter upon her fifth
term as recording secretary, an office she
has filled with credit. It has been the
subject of general remark that the work
in that line Is among the best. If not the
very best, In the order. As one of the
grand officers once remarked: "'She's a
natural born secretary."
The indications are that the entertain
ment that will be given on the night of
the Sd Inst. by the members of Buena
Vista Parlor for the benefit of the Native
Daughters' Home, in Native Sons' Hall,
will be a great success financially as well
as artistically. The sisters of Buena Vista
have each put their whole soul . In the
work of aiding the home and as they have
never been known to fail they will, with
the assistance of the members of the
other parlors, make a good showing.
Darina Parlor, the parlor of beautiful
girls of the Western Addition. Is making
a r r^"5^"l ent8 to have a first-class party
or Christmas social during the current
month.
h7^h« sr < a ! ld . baw y* r a , nd d »"ce to be given
£f.J£2 Jo l nt P" lor ; <* thla city for the
5?j£°ft. ° ♦ ra .^ In * funds to entertain the
2f if »i ° th « ?. rand P arlor »n 1902 will
iR,K n * P . lone * r Hall « on tn « «th and
16th of the current month.
th* n«w named wer « visitors, at
L^U/^* °f i" e » ran<1 aecretary la«t
week: Grand President Mrs. G. W. Baker
CUv- A a£* ?? g k y 8 f Chispa .Parlor. Ion,
Sift Al ma t M \ Bock of Piedmont Parlor.
Oakland: Louise Phredorlus of Darina
Parlor, city; Bertha Ooodlng of Geneva
Par J°r, Camanche. and Mrs. Eva Schriner
of Oneonta Parlor. Ferndale/ DC " nn «
The'Druids.
At the meeting of the McKInley Grove
on the 22d of November there • were re
ceived nine applications for membership,
one stranger was Initiated, and the sec
ond and third degrees were conferred on
a class of twenty-four ellgibles, among
the number. Supervisor Fred N. Bent.
Grand Secretary J. F. Martlnonl ' was
present during the evening and assisted
in conferring the degrees. Just before
* h « close of the meeting Noble Grand
Arch Godeau visited' the grove and pre
sented to Noble Arch Dr. B. F.» McElroy
?•« °* fi i?i d cmb , Ie niatic pin. In apprecia
tion of his services to the order.
.At the meeting of Olympla Grove on
tbe night of the 21st of November Her"
bert G. Armstrong .wasmade the reclpl
fi« of , *, •P rml9 °ncal sold badge, as a tes
timonial from the grovo to his worth as
orVnKloiT 1 a " ac t'y«»«nb«r of tho
Noblo Grand Arch Godeau and Grand
Sectary Martlnonl will make official
visitations aa follows: December 2 to
CentorvlUe: 7th. to Solano; 8thV to Sacra
mento: when Acorlan and . Sacramento
Groves will bo visited, on the »th thev
will visit Walhalla Grove , In T the "mine
will visit California and El Dorado
Groves in joint session, and on" the 5th
to_Glordano Bruno Grove at Bisslons. •
, On the occasion of tho visit of fne Brand
officers to Roma Grove In Oakland on the
28d of November there wore present twen
l£?- V »?«!? Mll & ri °^ the Arches' As
soclatlon. After the conferring of the
v.v lr ih de K M rf 0D £ our ba $ 8 and Mdressea
by .the .grand officers, -Grand Secretary
i am jf2 *; WJnonl was presented by
President A- M. Armstrong of the asso
ciation a beautiful seven-pointed gold star
bearing th» symbols of the order and bum
pended from two gold bars, one bavins
upon It the initials of the association an<\
the other the words "Past President." It
was. a present from the members of the
association to its first president and or
ganizer of that branch of -Drutdlsm. aa a
token of their appreciation of his services
while in tbe chair. The recipient expressed
his thanks In a very feeling manner. The
presentation was followed by a banquet
where there were addresses by the grand
officers, A. M. Olmo, M. T. Costa, M. Pos
zo, D. Baumann, A. Chrlatensen, L. A.
Wolff, C. E. Carlson of Ban Francisco and
V. J. .Brady, J. Adamlna and others. of
Oakland Grove. ... . . :••, .
Oh the 2lst 'of November Manzanlta
Grove initiated nineteen strangers who
were unable to be present at the grand In
itiation. Among tne ovates are a number
of tho prominent men of tho community.
At : the last held meeting ■ - of. Laurel
Grove six. petitions were received and
three strangers • were ■ Initiated into the
mysteries of the organization., This
THREE FORESTERS WHO ARE
PROMINENT IN THE RECENTLY
ORGANIZED RELIEF SOCIETY.
grove will be visited on the 20th inst by
Noble Grand Arch Godeau and the Past
Arches' Association.
A. J. Muinlg. F. Baradu and J. L,
Gomez, the degree team of Vasco da
Gama Grove of this city, visited San
Jose with the Krantl otilcers on the 24th
of November and conferred the second
and third degrees on a class of seventy
five ovntca for Liberty Grove, recently
Instituted In that city. .
The grove at Wataonvllle. Instituted
about three weeks ago. at Its last held
meeting Initiated nine strangers. This
grove has ordered all the parnphernaliu
required to conduct its business In proper
style. •
GUroy Grove at Its last held meeting
Initiated six strangers.
An effort will he made to have all the
local groves hold a joint memorial ser
vice some time in February next in mem
ory of the departed of the preceding
twelve months. Instead of holding indi
vidual service In each grove.
The Druidesses.
On the 18lb of last month a new circle
of DruldeescB was instituted at Novato
by Grand Arch Druidcss' Anna Sorensen,
with forty charter members. She was as-'
slsted In the work by John Hutton, P. A.
D.; Mrs. J. H. Knarston, and L. A. Wolff.
P. A. The circle was organized by Past
Arch E. R. Samuels.
A petition bearing the names of about
forty residents of Salinas asking for a
charter for a circle of the order in that
place has been presented to the proper
authorities.
The local circles are all actively at
work for the good of the order and they
expect to make a good showing as to
membership before the close of the term
of the present grand officers.
The National Union.
Ooldcn Gate Council, of the National
Union, after the transaction of routine
business on the last Tuseday in Novem
ber, opened Its doors wide to admit a
large number of friends and acquaint
ances, who had been invited to enjoy a
programme of entertainment ■ and the
council's hospitality. Thero were short
addresses by Senator James E, Field and
President Bcuslcker, choice selections by
the Golden Gato Council Quartet, solos
by individual members of the quartet
and volunteer talent. During the even
ing Friend L. H. Wahrman served tn all
an excellent lunch and fine New Kngland
cider. Just before the close of the coun
cil each member wrote his name on a
slip of paper, which he placed in a hat,
after which the chaplain, Friend Thomp
son, being hoodwinked, drew five Mips
out of the hat, and each one whoso name
was on the slip, was given a plump
Thanksgiving turkey.
Friend W. tlealcy, who has been usher
of Golden Gate -Council since its inotltu
tlon. has also finished ten years in that
position and in that period has been ab
sent from his post but once. He Is also
lnfiide sentinel of George H. Thomas Post
of the G. A. U., and has held that office
for fifteen years, and there he has never
missed a meeting. *
Knights of Pythias.
Orand Chancellor L. 8.* Calkins an
nounces that he will officially visit lodges
as follows during December:
. December 9, Pomona— Aetna No. 107. Ntro
No. 177 and Ontario No. 222, jointly with No.
107: December 10. Paaadena — Pasadena. No. 132;
December 11, Hanta Monica— Pacific No, 203;
December 12, Moneta— America No. 119; Decem
ber 13. 1-onir flt-ach— Iconic Beach No. 210; De
cember 14, Alhambra—Alhambra No. 127 (ape
cial); December 16, Ban Pedro— Sun Pedro No.
126: Decamber 17. Tehacapi— Tehacapi No.
191: December 18,' Dokersrteld— Kern. No. 78 and
gumner No. 143, Jointly with No. 71; December
19, Merced— Yowtnlte No. 30; December 20, Oak
dalc-Oakdale No. 220; "December 21. Modteto—
Modesto No. 81 (special). . ' .
8. M. Fulton of Oa,ltis about to remove
to Southern California, and 8. E. Lasalng
of Lodl has been appointed to succeed him
an D. D. G. C. of District No. 14. .
Oak Leaf Lodge of Lincoln, Placer
County, gave a successful ball last
Wednesday night.' Portervllle Lodge of
Tulare County gave a party Thanksgiving
night. .. ,
Washington Lodge of Vallejo is now
happy in its new hall on Georgia street,
and has changed Its meeting night from
Thursday to Wednesday.
The uniform rank company at Fresno
is growing rapidly in membership, and it
is likely that. n cornet band of twenty
pieces will shortly be attached to the or
ganization. The Raisin City subordinate
lodges are also enjoying marked pros
perity. ... ■:;...<■ •■■.. a >--y-;;v,:-
West Side Lodge of Tracy 'always has
well attended meetings, notwithstanding
that many of Its members t are i farmers
who live from five to twelve miles from
the town./- • ■ ■■:■■■,-.. ,--v ; - •■:• *>:•.- i -
No. 139 at the hustling little town of
Newman' Is one of the most active lodges
in the Ban Joaquln Valley, and has rank
work at almost every convention. . - . .
Mendota. Lodge, which has a neat new
castle hall, la growing steadily, and the
accessions are of the most desirable qual
ity. ■ " . .; , . .• . . tj ■■.■■■■ ■■■;■:■ :
The lodge at Orosl Is keeping pact with
the growth of the prosperous, fruit rais
ing, section that surrounds the town, and
it will make a fine showing at the * Inter
national - meeting in San ■ Francisco next
- Banger, No. 178, , is making a feature of
having' frequent social gatherings, and its
meetings are always well attended.
Selma Lodge will either soon muster in
a company of. the uniform rank,' or a
number of Its members will Join the Fres
no company. . ;.--■• •
The team of Bonnie Brae Lodge at Ex
eter has attained great proficiency In the
work of conferring the various ranks, and
its success Is spurring on tho other lodges
of that part of the 8tato to a friendly
rivalry
. Tho .Vlsalla Knights are planning to
•organize a uniform rank company within
.the next few weeks. They have an
abundance of the right kind of material.
■ There has for -some time past been
under consideration a proposition to con
solidate tho two lodges at Hanford. but
as they are both in good shape and have
a splendid field for development, many of
the members think it better to continue
as they arc. Each lodge is naturally
proud of its record and popularity and
neither wants to give up its name and
number.
Portervllle lodge, at Its last meeting, ap
pointed a committee of five to act in con
junction with a like committee from each
of the other Tulare County lodges In ar
ranging to maintain Tulare headquarters
at San Francisco during the Supreme
Lodge and assembly convention next Au
gust, and to have at the headquarters a
complete exhibit of the county's fruit and
other product.
Fowier' Lodge No. 71, at the Fresno
County town of that name, Is taking in
terest in unform rank matters and will
shortly furnish a number of recruits to
the company at. Fresno.
Improved Order of Bed Men.
The vaudeville entertainment that was
given last week by the good of the order
committee of the'Yosemite Tribe of the
Improved Order of Med Men in the Post
street Wigwam, was before a large audi
ence, composed principally of ladles. The
several numbers were pleasing, well ren
dered and each was applauded to the
echo. This tribe will have an election for
chiefs next Tuesday and there will be
several spirited contests for office.
Altahmos Tribe No. hi will celebrate it?
fifth anniversary on the 4th Inst. by giv
ing a grand complimentary entertainment
and dance in Golden Oate Hall. The com
mittee in charGe is composed of I... Uhle
ft-ltior, J. I/, oanders, J. S. Patterson.
Krank Pearson, Dr. R. F. Kane, R. L.
Apple, Dr.- 11. L. Lacoste and J. Harry
Iiutaif. This tribe on-the 3d of November
adopted three palefaces, on the 20th con
ferred the warrior's and chief's degrees on
five adopted ones, and on the 27th was of
ficially visited by the great chiefs, accom
panied by Manzanlta Tribe In a body.
There were long and short talks by Great
Suih-m Hnyi's. Grand Junior Sagamore
Koche. Great Prophet Brandon, Great
Oilier of Kecords l>»iss, Past HaeUem
Smith. District. Deputy Great Sachem
S. Goldman, Past Uacherns A. Sell? of
Cherokee Tribe, J. J. Uryan. V. uray.
Griffiths and Mason of Manzanlta Tribe,
A. H. Phillips of Osceola. J. Hanson, V.
V. Northrup, R. U Apple and J. Harry
Hutaff of tne sitting tribe. Messrs. Reed
and Sherman of Munz.-timu Tribe, and
l'ast Sachem J. McCarthy of New Jer
sey. »
Woodmen of the World.
At the Eesslon of Golden Gate Camp No.
W of the Woodmen of the World, held In
the bunciuct hall of the Native 8ons"
building on the night of the last, Monday
In November, the following named were
elected to servo for the enauing term:
Thomas J. Buny, consul commander (re
ciectea); Kdwuiu S. Isaacs, advisor lieu
tenant; Fred T. Phelps, banker; D. Oliver
Jr.. ile.k tre-eicctcdj: John Boyle. as«lst
ant cierK (rvelccteu;; J. j. Donanue, es
cort; G. H. Thompson, watchman; D.
Brcwn, sentry (re-elected.), and Charles
Kaufman, manager. More than four hun
dred members took part In the election.
The great contest was for the office of
clerk. The very efficient and popular Dave
Oliver, as he is popularly called, won out
with a majority that shows that the very
grcnt proportion of the membership Is of
tho opinion that he Is the man tor the
place and * competent one at that.
California Camp has elected the follow
ing named to aerve for.the ensuing term:
David Mayer, consul commander: L. de
Cardona, advisor lieutenant; M. 3. Conn,
hanker; Martin Berwln, clerk (re-elected);
M. Jesser. assistant clerk; C. C. 8aylor,
escort: M. Bryer, assistant escort; T.
Btmlnoff, watchman, and J. Brver. sen
try. . •
The entertainment that was given by
Mission Camp In the banquet halt of the
Odd Fellows* Building on the last Wednes
day in November was a great success and
the programme was enjoyed by more than
five hundred people. The details of the
event were given In a local item In The
Call In the Issue of the morning following.
The fourth anniversary ball given by the
Choppers' Friendship Club on the last
Tuesday In November in Native Sons'
Hall was a very delightful affair that was
attended by a large number of Woodmen
of the World and ladies. The programme
of dances was well arranged and noth
ing was left undone by the committee to
ensure the pleasure of all who Jolnei in
the dance. / . .
Tamalpais Camp' has elected the follow
ing named officers for the ensuing term:
J. P. McElroy. C. C: J. J. McDonald. A.
L.; F: W. Farrant. B.: A. G. Qllson. C:
A. Lldebaum, E.: L. Chester. M.: F. M".
-Sturgeon. W. After the election a num
ber of visitors spoke for the good of the
order. .
Knights of Maccabees.
San Francisco Tent No. 18, on tho night
of the 22rt Inst.. had work In the Initiatory
degree, when a class of candidates was
put through the mysteries of the order.
The tent on lant Friday nominated of
ficers for the ensuing term and the elec
tion will take place at the first review in
December. The officers who are about -to
retire have had- a very successful term
and are elated as to their administration.
The tent flap of Golden West No. 5S was
pulled way back on the last Tuesday night
In November to allow all who wore the
recipients of a cleverly worded invitation
sent out by Record Keeper E. C. Freeman
to enjoy a red hot smoker. There were
nearly two hundred present, called to or
der by Sir Knight George B. Varcoe, who
at the outset publicly Installed K A
Graves as consul commander, vice F C*
I^acy, who. on account of absence from
the city, was forced to resign. After that
Sir Knight Varcoe discharged the duties
of master of ceremonies In an admirable
manner, introducing the talent selected to.
entertain in witty speeches. There was
a banjo duet by Messrs. Appleby and Mc-
Cruiy. a three-round boxing match bv
Messrs. Laumclnter and' Roberts, which
was a hot give and take affair, but which
Judge Mogan, the referee, declared wail
"no contest." M. Brown entertained with
Sfi} )a u- l ii aolO|liM ? -Bl ?-' Lato> L| chter and
Mitchell gave selections on mandolins the
Orpheus Quartet, favored with vocal sp
lectlons. Prof. Dempster filled tho air with
music from a cornet, and then followed
story telling by Sir Knight Greenbenr of
San Francisco Tent, songs by the Golden
West Quartet, rng-tlme music, lightning
sketches and other features. Cigars were
distributed with a liberal hand and there
was given out light refreshments to wash
down the smoke. There were a number
of strangers^ present who imbibed much
knowledge of- the order from an address
m ,*i t ' r .2 f ceremonies, and Sir
Knight Blako, the tent's organiser was
on hand to supplement that which the
speaker might have overlooked. The of
flcsrs of this tent will be elected at the
review, of December 3.
Foresters of America.
Grand Chief Ranger Heenan. Grani
Sub-Chief Ranger Wolfe and Grand
Treasurer Conklln will visit Los Angeles
on the 19th Inst. and there' pay a visit
to the courts or Foresters of America to
meet In J joint session. On the following
night they will visit the courts in Joint
session in San Diego. • .
Court ulolandio Margueretha, at Black
Diamond, was officially visited last. week
by Deputy Grand Chief Ranger A. Co
delgla. who found that in a short time
the court has doubled its membership and
that the members have under considera
tion, a proposition to erect a hall for their
own uso.'-^ -r ■•.> :. ; .-- - ' ■■'•-, .■•;■•,■;.,'•;■-■..
Grand Secretary v Cordy has received
frcm tbe. East a set of engrossed reaolu
tions, handsomely bound. . that were
adopted by tho Supremo • Court In mem
ory of the 'late Lewis Thome, "one time
supreme chief ranger of the order, with
Instructions to forward tho same to the
widow of tho deceased. ' • :•
■ Ernest Laekmann. Junior past chief ran-
Ser of Court Defiance, brother of the
heriff, was, married on the 80th Inst.
From, the number of members of this
court who are becoming benedicts late
ly, the impression has tone out that the
court has been transferred ■ Into a mar
riage bureau. 1 :--,*■'-' ■<.■■■ •
The executive council will hold » meet
ing on the night of the 3d Inst. • -
American Companion*.
On the last Monday in November Grand
Chief Companion Mies tflcoulet, In com-
, , ADVZBTXSEMZNTS. » ** * /+3
MISUNDERSTOOD WOMEN. ~
j - '. y °y MARGARET L. BRIGGS. A > v
§£3l "• — Pi M , '■
I't '■ ■-.■ , . ■: ■ : •■•-. • •. '■'^L.---- . . ' . ■
(ALL RIGHTS RESERVED). V\
- kly heart goes out to the woman who, Impressed with the necessity for
looking well after her health, becomes the victim of her own anxiety and ot
the medical theories advanced by her physicians.
The woman I mean is always going to the doctor and is never well.
She has a new trouble every day. and her family and friends think her
diseases are imaginary. Now she has X a pain In her chest, which she Is sure
is pleurisy; again she will have a backache, that can be traced to nothing
but kidney trouble. Another day her legs will ache and swell, and so on.
There never is a day that she hasn't some complaint, and usually It Is dif-
ferent from anything she ever had before. After a little no one sympa-
thizes with her. They make light of her complaints, and the poor woman,
who is really suffering and ill. leads a life of hopelessness and misery, iff
She gets no help from her doctor, because the actual troubles the woman ' *•
has are the, kind that doctors never cure. Tet ehe is forced to go to ths
doctor constantly for the aid she never gets. The doctors* bills are heavy,
the husband doesn't believe In her sickness, and after a while complains at
the heavy expense. How dreary Indeed Is life to this poor woman!
Of course, the new troubles that come to her every day areV really mani-
festations Of the same old trouble. They are merely symptoms. Shs ha« '
falling of the womb, and all her nervousness, her headaches, her bearing-
down sensations and her endless pain are caused by this one thing. She
has a sensitive organism^ which reflects through the nerves the womb de-
rangement. This makes it seem as though she had, so many different filg-
eases. • ' '. • • ■ . ' ■
In the beginning the medicine that would have saved her all the misery
is Lydla K. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound; It is the. one medicine now
that will help her. As sson as the strengthening influence of this famous
woman's remedy is felt, the nervous tension will relax and the distressing
sensation«wUl disappear.
• It will take longer to cure this woman than If she hadn't gone so many
years without the right treatment, but she can be cured by the same medi-
cine that has helped so many thousands of women. Whoever knows such a
poor, misunderstood sufferer will do her a good turn by calling her attention
to Mrs. Finkham's medicine.
With all its magnificent record !n the cure of these troubles, and the
widespread knowledge of its efficiency, it. is singular that any woman will
permit herself to disregard it and waste her life in this way. Perhaps the
greatest cruelty of all is for the Immediate family to say she Is not sick. I
know a case of this kind, and It is pitiful to see how tbe mother is mlsun*'y*
deretood by her children and her husband. No doubt a good many things |
that appear real to her are imaginary; the doctor tells the family that it is
nervousness and imagination, and so they, without any intention of being:
unkind. Ignore the complaints of suffering, thinking in this way she will get
over her troubles. V is hard, too, for the family; they are willing to do
what they can, but they think her mind unbalanced on this subject. *In time
df finite disease declares Itself, and probably by this time such headway has
been made that a hospital operation seems the only resource.
Some way must be found to make these conscientious women who want
to be well, and are taking so much trouble to be well, see that they need
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. I wiM venture to say that every
woman who is being treated to-day for a great variety of troubles will find
them all disappear If she will get Mrs. Pinkham's advice and follow it. The
declaration of health Is unmistakable: imagining all kinds of diseases Is a
nervous state produced In woman invariably by female complaints. Doctors
do not expect women to be well, and their treatment encourages the belief
In woman's heritage of pain. This Is absolute error, and utterly contrary
to nature's plan. No woman knows this so thoroughly as Mrs. Pinkham, and
no advice is so kindly and convincing as hers.
Let. the woman who has the complicated troubles and the woman who
Is earnestly seeking for health get Mrs. Pinkham's free advice by writing to
her at Lynn, Mass. It Is the perfectly safe way to know the truth, and the
easiest way to secure right treatment. *
pany with Grand "8ub-Chief Mrs. H.
Worms, Grand Secretary Miss Agnes D.
Brcmer. Grand Treasurer Mrs. R. Kemp
Van Ec. Grand Outside Guard Mrs. D.
O'Callashan and Grand Treasurer Miss E.
Rappin. visited Bay City Circle officially.
The work of the order was exemplified
by the Initiation of seven strangers. Offi
cers were elected for the ensuing term
and then followed addresses by the visit-
Ing officers, after which the grand chief
companion was presented a bureau set by
a number of her personal friends in the
circle. Then there was presented a large
bunch of Golden King chrysanthemums to
the grand treasurer, who is tbe deputy
of the circle. The serving of a collation
followed. 5
The next official visit in this city will
be to Presidio Circle In Sterapke's Hall
on the night of the 3d Inst. This will be
followed by a visit on the 12th to Martha
Washington Circle, for which great prep
arations have been, made.
Elmhurat Circle will give an entertain
ment and dance In Red Men's Hall in
that place on the 14th inst. .
Independent Foresters. s
The eighth annual complimentary ball
given by Court Mission of the Independ
ent Order of Foresters in Mission Opera
Hall on the night of the 27th of last
month was a function that was attended
by nearly 400 people. A well arranged
programme of dances was presented un
der the direction of Charles Perry, floor
manager, assisted by H. Bilay. Dr. J.
Kastendieck. C. Radomaky. L. Rehfeld.
E. A. Richards, T. W. Muchmore. O.
May, C. B. Shattuck. A. Wagner. R. Stoi
zenwald. L. A. Kern. William Schellbach.
C. K. Stern. H. Perry, R. B. Howell and
F. Mastern. .-. -: . ■ . . .
United Moderns.
The various lodges of the southern Jur
isdiction cf the United 'Moderns In Cali
fornia will hold elections for officers at
the first meeting this month.
The local lodges have made a good
record In the past bIx months, both as to
increase in membership and In social en
tertainments. San Francisco Lodge has
passed the one hundred mark and Is add
ing to ita membership at every meeting.
The open sessions of this lodge have
been a great feature and the entertain
ments given were all creditable to the
committee that arranged them. Cali
fornia Lodge has also had a number of
open meetings that were very interesting
and well attended.
During the early part of next year the
grand officers will pay official visits to
the lodges in this city and vicinity. '
Young Men'j Institute.
Council Nt>. 13 of Vallejo. Y. M. I., on
the 21st of November was visited by Su
preme President •Klerce, Second Vice
President Whalen. .Grand Secretary Stan
ley. "Grand Outside Guard Murphy and
District Deputy Cunningham. These offi
cers, with a large number of members of
the order, witnessed the initiation of six
teen candidates. The ceremonies of the
visit' were followed bv a banquet, which
was a very successful affair.
Arrangements have been made to hold
a district meeting tn the hall of the
American Council; In Oakland on the
n'.ght of its next session for the purpose
1 ; ■ St - ARMY '"
I In 1801 paid US apiece for the Maynard Carbines. "We secured WOO of
■ them,- which have never been n*ed. "direct from the Benin* Arsenal,
f and are selling them out. for 81.7.% apiece; » cartridges FBEE with
/•■;: every gun. ...,..■.;.-.. ■,<.■.,•.•;■.. ■. :•..••. .-.• ;.■..-.■. .". •.•■ " .• - ;.„--,
■'■ I '"'■'& 4^W t&* ■■•"""■■"'• '' ' ' *•- ' m*-»L~ ' ' V * **T* ' "* '*-
• ■ ft rd.M - : >> . J a— — !_1— i!_!?_^
> ■ i— — aei^gtJI^"iaaViga^V A» ' . .' • .- . '.-.' ... . •■'.'■ ; '■: ;,
l Bgr5juntP!rT!jzjBl^^^^r •■*' ' ' ' ". • .- ■ ■ " ••'•"" •
■ WB£?%s5SSmBfa£ S^^ a^ Thl* la certainly tho greatest run
IBm B^^ • bargain ever offered in San Fran- ;
■ ■■BSHP'^^- * * ''-'-'-' Cisco, because every carbine is utiar- \
I wg^ .• , \ " n .' I anteed to be In perfect condition.
'■"'■ :^ r . vi: '. '.,' ■'■■•■*''-■■ • ! Breech-loading, with 'JO-tach barrel.
■ each weighing 6 pounds, and carrying 1000 yards. It is the best possible : <i
■ chance^osecure_a rellabl* gun for almost nothing. • > >,*? >
■ Over DOO.000 eartrtdgea in stock. ; : v • .
|Y ARMY HATRACKS.
■ We still have a few array 'hatracks. the newest articles Invented, 1
■ which are selling for £3.00 apiece. > \: , :> |^
■ Your money back on anything you don't want. . : V WL.
f W. S. KIRK, 517 Market Street,, San Francisco. | r
of receiving the grand officers. There will
be three councils there, Oakland. Ameri
can and California.
The educational bureau of the order
will hold a .meeting on the 4th Inst. to lay
out work for the current term.
The board of management has already
taken the preliminary steps to celebrate
the anniversary of the order, February
Order of Americus.
San Francisco Council of the Order of
Americus at its meeting on the last Tues
day In November had work In the initia
tory degree that was performed by th«
officer* with all the impressiveness that
the ritual calls for. The committee on en
tertainment reported that arrangements
have all bfcen completed for the anniver
sary entertainment that is to b« given on
tbj night of the 17th Inst. This ctrunctl,
while not working along the boom line,
has. under the direction of General Or
ganizer John Van Alen. been making a
steady, healthful 'srowth. — «•
Knights of Golden Eagla.
The members of California and San
Francisco Castles of the Knights of tne,
GoJden Eagle gave a complimentary danca
in Shasta Hall of the Native Sons build -
Ing on the last Wednesday In November
to the wives and lady relatives of the
members in 'he interest of the ladies
lemple that is soon to be Instituted. Ther«>
were addresses by Past Grand Chief Me
Gowan am! by Van 8chrein«r, after whii-h
there was dancing and the serving of a
collation and light refreshments.
Pant Grand Chief McGowan has been
appointed deputy supreme chief for Cal
ifornia
The two castles of this city have en
tered into a friendly rivalry to see which
within the next three months will make
the best showing In the matter of addlnr
to the membership roll. - •
Royal Arcanum.
At the first meeting of each * of th«
subordinate councils of the Royal Ar
canum this month officers for the ensu
ing term will be elected. Each council
will also select a delegate to represent it
In the grand council that is to meet at
Loa Angeles next March.
The reports of the supreme officers for
October show that the net rain for the
month was 974. Increasing the member
ship to more than 226.000. They also- show
a Burplus of »1.5<B.00O.
The grand officers of this section are
arranging a series of visits to be made
in the fore part of next year to the coun
cils, outside of San Francisco. ■
Grand Sentry Hodgkins and Thomas
Banks of the law committee paid * fra
ternal visit to Alaroeda Council laat
W K e S ond w «™ «J«l*srhtfuIly entertained.
They will pay a fraternal visit to Oak
land Council shortly. w ~
Sheep-Owner In Trouble.
Peter Camou was arrested In Tosemlte.
forest reserve a few days ago by a Dep
uty United States Marshal on a com
plaint charging Camou with pasturing
sheep on v a Government reserve. Cam<vF<
gave bonds In tbe teum of tlOil an»l W3J
released by. Commissioner Webster u :
Stockton.'- ■ ; ■■,. •■ : .-.- . : • : ■ ,: ■;. ' .ADVERTISEMENTS. - '
\X/LJ\/ W/E DQTHE
VV 11 Y LARGEST CORSET
" BUSINESS.
Because we have the styles and variety to choose from. We nt and alter
all our corsets free of charge. We have the best $3.00 straight front cor-
jet made. Made of black Italian und white English coutill. and boned with
genuine whalebone; low bust, long hips.
:■ ;.-."■.■■-" - ?-■'■"-.■ •■ -j : • ' ... .. ••
LADIES' HOSIERY SPECIALS THIS WEEK.
100 doren LADIES' /— — ■ »> tatiip'*?' rt a t* v
m ACK COTTOV Mnfiir I LADIES BLACK
Mamlee*. made cf tine #*& ' * . silky finish, plain and
Maco cotton, hi B h spliced fl several different styles
heel, double toes; eixes M<tf • '*' of ribs.
f^H2Sc per pair. 'jES jj Pflce 335c p8r ""•
100 doren LADIES' '', -/TTOVi/ t LADIES' BLACK
LISLE HOSE, fine qual- // AffFW / R LACE USLE H ° SE>
Sty' and seamless fancy |C V<?ry flne (lUaIit>> Sllky
lace ribbed: several dif'- \ ! lC^aSNI ' ln ' Sh: len dlfforPnt P at "
ferent styles: double U.I /**&M * ternp lo choos< - frot »:
heels and toes; sir^ S"i EM* If *' Zes S to 10 "
10 :0> ■P v i- -3 Price 50c per pair.
Price 19c per pair. |W/\ &££?£. ladies* black
100 dozen LADIES' \W \ CASHMERE HOSE.
BLACK COTTON HOSE, * made of fine, soft fln-
made of flne Maco cot- A straight front ished worsted, high
ton. . full < flashed, all CO u R r f =*„*£ s £ n £« spliced heel*, double sole
black or black with sateen, daintily trim- and toes; just as good a
white feet, high spliced med with lace and hose as you would pay
heels, double sole and ribbon; white, drab r f pi s< ,«.-hprp- •;iz«s
to«; Fixes S to 10. and black: 18 to :s '«* ' tor sizes
inches. * to 10.
Price 28c per pair. $1.00. Price 50c per piir.
Don't fail to see the values we are giving in MUSLIN UNDERWEAR.
We have the largest assortment of CORSET COVERS in the city. Price 15c
to COO each. DRAWERS 25c to $2.00 per pair. Gowns 3!>p to $^00 each.
Skirts 50c to $$.00 each. ■ ' .
Mail Orders Promptly Filled.
■ ■ ■ • ■."'..'
Crescent Corset Co.,
742-744 MARKET ST., I successor* to I 1157 BROADWAY,
SAN FRANCISCO, | FREUD'S CORSET HOUSE | OAKLAND - • CAL,
I MAKE A MEMORANDUM j
- J of the useful things we can supply you •
* q with for Xmas girts: J
I UNDERWEAR f
J for any member of the family; •
•SWEATERS •
% for husband, father, son or daughter. #
I SPORTING and GYM GOODS |
J for the boys and eirls. •
J They would surely k i,S7\ 2
8 be acceptable gifts and 1 f^irtr (&%> A, *
S serviceable. We will U.V.U 1/i^lvV I
• be glad to show you KNIHrriNGCO. I
2 the goods 60 Geary Street, San Francisco. 2
Club Parties.
Oa Tuesday evening la?t the Gayety So
cial Club of East Oakland gave its regu
lar inor.thly party at Cameron Hall. The
affair was a calico party and a splendid
time was enjoyed by ail present. The in
vitations were in the shajx; of pumpkins
and printed on yellow calico. The pro
(Eratnines wera also pumpkin shaped and
the covers were of figured calico, caus
ing great amusement. The costumes were
eil of calico. Prizes were won by Miss
Antoinette Smart and Mr. Smith. Th:
latter created great amusement by Im
mediately making vise of his prize, a pair (
cf red silk socks.
At S o'clock the grand march com
menced, led by the president, Mi?s Birdie
Pllcher. and the guard, Louis Oksen. !
Each young lady having brought a bas- j
ket lunch for two and a necktie of the !
same rnaterlal a.« her drews, each gentle- :
man purchased a lunch and necktie ani ;
proceeded to hunt for the young !a«3y ;
•whose dress matched his necktie, she be- i
coming his partner for an old fashioned i
Virginia reel and afterward for supper in :
the banquet room.
Miss Antoinette Smart was Induced to
deliver one of her humorous redtation3 !
and Louis Oksen sang a solo. In the early,]
hours of the morning the party broke up, i
all having enjoyed a delightful evening.
The floor manager was Clarence Smith.
On the reception committee were Miss
Harriet Dwyer, Miss Minnie McCracken
and Mr. Faroham. Miss Bessie Smart.
JJlss Gertrude Dwyer and Miss G. Bunqr
composed the decorating committee. The
music was furnished by Miss O'Connor
of O'Brien's orchestra.
The last business and social meeting of
the club was held on Monday, November j
11, at Cameron Hall* East Oakland, when
Borne new members were admitted. Louis
Oksen was elected guard. A committee
waa appointed for the purpose of prepar
ttjT Initiation and degree ceremonies, of j
-which C Smith wat appointed chairman.
After the business was concluded games.
music and dancing occupied the time un
til midnight.
Among those present at the calico
party were: Miss Birdie Pilcher, presi
dent; Miss Daley Jacoby, secretary; Miss
H. Dwyer. treasurer; Miss Caroline
Meyer. Miss Minnie McCracken, Miss
Emma Delke, Mies Gertrude Dwyer,
Miss Kittle Dunakln, Miss O'Connor,
Miss LUile Huelng, Miss Mamie Dwyer.
Miss Antoinette Smart, Miss Bessie
Kmart, Miss Margaret Broderick. Miss
Elinor Broderick, MUs Kate Broderick.
Miss Alarlna Gray. Mlas Kose Gray, Mrs.
R. W. Pllcbcr, Mrs. de Bruyn; Charles
Jacoby, vice president; Louis Oksen,
guard; A. Gulchard, Frank Norris. Harry
Oillam. Clarence Smith, Charles H. Jen
kins. Clarence Lengdon, Leonard Adams,
A. K. ThUer. J- Faletti, 8. Derby, J.
A W. Shutnan, George H. Derby.
» James H. Ruesell, L. Gulchard, Mr. Chap
man, Mr. Lame, Mr. Farnham. and Mr.
finaer. ..•.;--;-.-: ::■-":;
On the evening of November 25 Loyal
Circle No. 179, Companions of the Forest,
held its annual banquet In Banquet Hall.
Ancient Order of Foresters' building.
The banquet was tendered to the offi
cers of the Supreme Grand Circle. The
hall and table* were beautifully decorat
ed with evergreens and flowers. At the
head of the table eat tbe grand ofllcerts
and the officer* of Loyal Circle.
Joseph W. Roberts acted as toastmas
tcr. Mrs. Miller, grand chief companion;
Mrs. Boehm, Mie* T. Pritchard, Mrs.
Fisher and others responded. After the
banquet the grand officers were presented
with a beautiful bouquet of flowers by
Fred Zimmerman of Z»yal Circle.
A banquet and high Jinks was given by
Crocker Lodge No. 202, A. O. U. W., In
honor of the presentation of the banner
awarded the lodge lor the greatest -in
crease of membership during the year.
Grand Recorder C. T. Spencer was
chairman of the evening and made, the
address of welcome.
W. H. Barnes, deputy grand mutter,
was presented as tbe orator of the even
-4"r - **e made a pleasing address and
poaduded by presenting tbe banner to
Master Workman Edward Dunn In behalf
of Crocker Lodge.
Mr. Dunn responded, after which an en
tcrtalning programme was rendered.
The members of the Phi Psl Fraternl
j ty entertained their friends on Wednes-
I day evening. December 27. at the home
i of ens of their members. The supper
room, which was thrown open at liuii
j night, was beautifully and artlJ!*'ra"y
j decorated with the fraternity colors—
I grien and white.
The Ladies' Auxiliary of the Con
: gregation B«»th Menarhlm Streisand will
j Rive thtlr-tirst entertainment and ball on
. Sunday evening. December S, at Odd Fel
! lows' Hall.
The Draymen and Teamsters' Union
celebrated its twenty-fifth anniversary
with a fcail In I'nion Square Hall on
Thanksgiving evening. The affair was a
success. The committee on arrange
ments consisted of J. S. French. C. D.
Evers and D. Fltrnatrick.
The Cynthia Literary and Social Soci
ety of San Francisco will give an enter
tainment and dance Sunday evening, De
cember S. 1901. at L'nion Square Hall. A
portion of the proceeds will be contribut
ed to the McKlnley memorial fund.
On Saturday afternoon the ladies of the
California Camera Club received the mem
bers and their friends at an informal tea.
Among the participants in the musical
programme that was rendered was Mrs.
Ar?onti. who Fang delightfully.
The club walls are hung with the new
pictures of the city and are very Interest
ing from a municipal standpoint, while
a few are truly artistic.
Among thc«e present^ at the tea were:
Mrs. Voy. Mrs. W. B. Webster. MJss Viv
ian Baldwin, the Misses Brunner, Miss
Katharine Lyons, MIrs Morgan, Mr«. Best.
Mrs. Chllson. Mrs. Lewis, Mrs. Argentl,
Messrs. Walter Platt. I. O. Crosscup.
Thomson. Walter A. Scott, Foley and
James W. Erwin.
Mr. Julius S. Levy.
The Bee Hive Shoe Co.. that Is sltuate-1
at 717 Market St., near Third, has a new
manager. Mr. J. S. Levy, who for many
years has been the jolliest traveler on
the road, being always ready with a good
joke— at the expense of his fellow travel
ers—will now quit his jokes und sell shoos
Instead. He claims that It will be the
best Joke of all If he can sell the most
shoes, and will therefore In making nis
bow to the public sell for $2 50 the beat
shoes In the city for either ladles or gen
tlemen. These J2 50 shoes are the very
ones that are sold elsewhere for J.J 50.
Everybody Is Invited to Inspect tbe beau
tiful and well selected stock of shoes of
the Bee Hive Shoe Co., 717 Market street,
near Third. .•
Fence Will Remain.
Chief Heath of the Bureau of Streets
filed a report with the Board of
Works yesterday regarding the fence
erected across Twentieth street In the
Potrero by the Union and Risdon Iron
Works. Heath recommends that the
fence be allowed to remain, as it serves
as a protection to the general public. The
fence Is at the extreme end of the street,
which could not be utilized as a thor
oughfare If the fence were not there. A
protest signed by forty citizens and tax
payers against the maintenance of the
fence was filed with the Board of Works.
Swagger Train.
8unset Limited will make Its first trip
for New Orleans and New York, Decem
ber 6. leaving San Francisco trl-weekly
thereafter, via the picturesque Coast Di
vision through San Jose and Santa Bar
bara. Service and equipment will be of
the highest standard and calculated to
merit the best patronage.
Biaginis Will Keep the Child.
The writ of habaes corpus by which
Zefflra Blaglni sought to obtain posses
sion of his 14-months-old daughter was
dismissed by Judge Seawell yesterday and
the child was remanded to the custody of
Florinda and Rosa Blaglnl. who aro tho
child's uncle and aunt as well as its
grandparent*.
THE SA N FRANCISCO XXJALIii ■; SUND AY , DECB^ffiER 1, ;i901^
SOCIETY EVENTS
enjoyed the past week
/T** In dances, dinners and at the
PsA^\ operti. Every day brought forth
Vv its round of pleasure. What
.^- **y with private home gatherings
C**>»^- on the eve of Thanksgiving, din-
ners of many courses on the
holiday, bazaars, cotillons and other af
fairs, the matron and the belle had their
time completely occupied.
The event of the week was. of course,
the Entre Nous and La Jeunesse cotil
lons. The ballrooms at the Palace and
Native Sons' Hall were crowded with the
dancers. Both affairs were brilliant, and
The Call dwelt at length on their suc
cess. The charitable did not forget the
deserving. Bazaars were crowded during
their short existence and purses were
opened in a generous fashion.
On Thanksgiving day members of the
exclusive set braved the storm and drove
to Sixteenth and Folsom streets to see
two athletic teams battle for supremacy
on the gridiron. Society missed the Inter
collegiate match. It was their wont In
past years to attend the; game In the af
ternoon and thus develop an appetite for
the repasts prepared for this festive day.
The various women's clubs also had
their debates and receptions. At the
Philomath and Forum clubs the race
question and civil service were thought
fully argued by the ladies. The debaters
gave evidence of having a clear insight
of the questions and their views were lis
tened to with deep interest by their aud
itors.
Of. course the Simpson-Partridge wed
ding was the event of the week. ■ St.
Luke's never held a more fashionable
congregation. Other weddings were noted
in '..hese columns.
Yj^terday afternoon there, were many
teas. Mrs.. General Warfleld' entertained,
as did also Mrs. Smedberg and Mrs.
Cluft. The Camera Club received many
visitors.
They Are' Engaged.
Mr. and Mrs. B. Berg announce the en
gagement of thHr daughter Sophie to
Milton Cohn.
Mr. and Mrs. H. Jacobs announce the
engagement of their daughter Rue to
Barney Zysklnd. They will bw pleased to
receive their friends to-day at their resi
dence. 1406 Mu>on street, from 2 to 5
o'clock.
Madame Lucy Levy announces the en
gagement of her daughter, Jeanne Levy,
to Daniel Ruff of this city.
The engagement reception of Mlas Ju
liette Levy and Mr. Henry Bruml has
been postponed owing to the death of a
brother of Mr. Marcus Levy.
Mr. .and Mrs. M. Gutter announce the
engagement of their daughter Esther to
Ialdor Gelger. The reception will be held
to-day from 2 till 5 o'clock at their resi
dence. 1524 Fifteenth street.
Mr. and Mrs. B. Gctz of 213 Broderlck
street will hold a reception Srnday. De
cember 8. from 2 till 5 o'clock in honor of
the engagement of their daughter Blanche
to Mr. Arthur C. Franklin.
They Are Married.
A quiet wedding was celebrated three
days ago at the residence of Mrs. M. A.
Roberts of this city. Rev. Dr. Brings
united Mtss Ida May Roberts and Cap
tain O. J. Humphrey in the presence of
the relatives and immediate friends of
the contracting parties. .,
It was a pink and white wedding. The
floral decorations were extremely pretty
and appropriate. The bride was given
away by her -brother. Andrew W. Rob
erts. She looked beautiful in white crepe
duchine and carried a shower bouciuet of
lilies of the valley. Ornaments were dia
monds and rubles, the gift of the groom.
Immediately after the ceremony an elab
orate wedding breakfast was served. The
wedding gifts were numerous and elab
orate. * .
The bride is a society belle and the
groom Is well known !n shipping circles
and Is a prominent Knight Templar.
Mr. and Mrs. Humphrey left last even-
Ing for Washington on their honeymoon.
One of the prettiest weddings of the
month took place Wednesday evening at
the residence of F. M. Campbell In Oak
land. The occasion was the ma fringe of
Mlsg Grace Campbell and William M. Gas
ha way.
For several years MIhs Campbell has
been a successful teacher in the public
school department, and her popularity
was evidenced by the great number of
gifts and attentions she received from
teachers and pupils, as well as other
friends.
Mr. Gassaway Is connected with the
Chinese bureau and is popular with his
associates. As a token of their, good
wishes the gentlemen of tho bureau sent
as a wedding gift an exquisite butter set
In silver.
Promptly at 8 o'clock, to the strains 'of
the wedding march from Lohengrin, Miss
Campbell entered the room upon the arm
of her father, while Miss Mary Campbell
followed with Mr. Gattnaway. Rev. Dr.
McLean performed tho ceremony, which
was short and simple. The bride was at
tired In white silk crepo over taffeta, ap
pllqued In lace and cut en tralne. Miss
Mary Campbell looked delightful in green
and white. , ;
After congratulating the newly-married
couple the guests wandered through the
rooms to view the elaborate " display of
costly gifts. Then they Ihdulged in danc
ing, which was continued until quite late.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed by
DR. and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE. Donohoe
building. X170 Market street, cor. Taylor, rooms
28-29, with the electric needle without pain or
*c*r; ssrnumency guaranteed; hours 1 to t sjs.
MRS. 1 CAPTAIN O. J. HUM
PHREY. FORMERLY IDA MAY
ROBERTS.
The pleasure of the evening was en
hanced by the rendering of vocal selec
tions by Mr. Ed Campbell and Mr. Alfred
Wllkle. ',
The bride and groom left amid a shower
of rice to take the train for San Fran
cisco, whence they Irft early next day for
Del Montr. Before returning to Oakland
to reside they will visit Los Angeles and
oth.T southern towns.
The wedding of Eyron Willis Al
dc;i Jr.. a young business man of Oakland,
and Miss Mue Crosby, the beautiful and
accomplished tluughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Mugner of 1418 Howard, street, was sol
emnized on Thanksgiving day at St. Jo
seph's Church. , The Rev. Father Hart
nett officiated. The bride !■ well known
in social circles. She Is a member of Cula
veras Purlor No. 103. N. D. G. W. The
groom Is well known on both sides- of the
bay. M. S. He&sion was best man and
Miss Alice S. Smadcke the bridesmaid.
Tlu" wedding of Miss Marian Krueck*l
and I. M. Wolff took place last Sunday
evening. There were about forty couples
present. The bride was gowned In whlto
«lil;, covered with white moussclinedeeole.
She was attended by Miss Sophie Abra
ham an ringbearer and Miss Eva Wolff.
FHIx Hclncmann was best man.' After
the ceremony supper was served and
duncing was Indulged in until a late hour.
The coui'le left for the south.
On Thanksgiving eve. at the Central M.
E. Church, the Rev. Mr. Brlggs outdated
at a very pretty wedding. It was that of
Miss Alicia Hughes and Carl Peterson.
Only Intimate friends were present. Mr.
Peterson Is connected with the National
Ice Company of this city, while Miss
Hughes halls from, Marlposa County,
whore her parents reside.
Home Parties.
A most enjoyable party was given by
Mr. and Mrs. William Oellrlch In honor
of their daughter Alvlna'n birthday.
Among those present were: Mrs. Hor
wege, Mr. and Mrs. William Oellrlch, Mit<s
Dullea, Miss Annie Tennis, the Misses Re
becca find Annie Cornahrens. Miss E«la
Oellrlch. R. Horwcge. F. Oellrlch. Albert
Oellrlch. V. Holland. C. Rowald, G. Pred
dy and F. Anthers.
Mr. and Mrs. Mohrdlett gave' a pink tea
in honor of the birthday of their daughter.
Alma. It was a most enjoyable affair.
Mrs. Hohrdiuk was Assisted by Mrs. J. H.
Cousin and the Mlsnes Smith. The house
was prettily decorated with pink roses
and chrysanthemums. Among those
prevent were: Jessie Scheyer, Ethel Me-
Cormlck', Renee Wlttmann, Albert Bune
mnnn. Walter. Bunemann, Arthur Pinner,
Frank Pinner, Hazel Schlesslnger. Julia
Cain. Sara Flint. Genevleve McCaffrey.
Gertrude Kirk. Ethel Maroney. Marlon
Maroncy. Annie Barg. Frelda Bare,
Frelda Toot. Edna Sclman, Harry Mohr
dick and Walter Mohrdlck.
The dally patrons of the lunch rooms of
ADVERTISEMENTS.
§|li|f FreeI
Free!
1EST TREATMENT AT OFFICE
B. B. B. ENGLISH CARAMEL
SOLD UNDER A OUARANTEB TO RE-
move «uperfluou» hair, to prevent Its
growth; linn been uied aucceiifully for twenty
yearn by tho medical profeMlon In England.
After one application your face will be aa free
from hatr an the cheek of an Infant. .
EUTK SKIN FOOD— Removes all blemlahe*
and roughness;, makes the complexion perfect;
keeps the akin clear, soft, and smooth.
ELITE FACE POWDER-Chemlcally pure; a
prcvcntlva from nup^rlluoua hair. \ ■ ■ ■ .
ELITE HAIR QROWER-Remov«»» dandruff
atlmulatea the scalp; produces a quick growth
and mukrs the hair aoft and bright.
THE EL.ITK BLACKHEAD ERADICATOR—
Permanently removes blackheadn and reduces
the pore* of the *kln.
TUB ELITE FACE BLEACH-For removlris
tan and irtcMtu. It ha« no equal. /
Prompt attention to mall orders with stamps
Regular physician in. attendance. ., ).'
ELITE DEeMATOLOGY INSTITUrfi,
838 Market 8t M €an Francisco.
Branches— Sacramento. • MRS. EADELE
KRIPP; Los Angeles, MRS. A. A. . RAMSAY?
MRS. M. OREBNIQ. Honoluto* • ** A " BA *»
Silver Novelties |
At
1 The Si lver'ware sale that is to begin here Monday will be quite the bluest
sale of its'kind ever attempted.— Not 'an article in this magnificent collection that
is not of superior make and -finish."— This offering of Silver. Novelties could not
have come at a more opportune time — just when you are preparing to select
your Holiday Gifts. [': i Y
All sale articles are marked with the regular price, from which a discount
of 11%% v/ill be deducted— Just a hint as to how they will be sold:
Shoe Hooks marked 6oc... sell for 40c. Match Boxes marked 95c .sell f or $4c
Pencil Tops marked 60c sell for 40c Curling Tongs marked $1.15 ...sell for 77c
Pin Cushions marked 65c sell for 44c Scissors marked $1.25 .........sell for 84c
Tooth Brushes marked 65c....... sell for 44c Pipes marked $1.50. :...sell for $1.00
Pen Wipers marked 75c sell for 50c Also— Tea Balls, Whist Counters, Blotters, Ink
Shoe Horns marked 7?c sell for 50c Stands, Flasks, Rulers, Glove Powderj Boxes,
Pen Holders marked 9JC sell for 64c etc.— all one-third off. .
Exceptional Reduction of Prices in
Spangled and Lace Rcfoes
We offer to-morrow our entire stock of this season's high class Spangled and Lace Robes at great
reductions from the regular prices. We reduce them now and not after the season is over so that our
customers may have the benefit of a full season's wear. Note the reductions: :
, $60.90 Black Spangled Ruffled Robes .....now $45.00
50.00 Black Spangled Lace Robes now 37.50
75.00 Cream Applique Real Lace Robes now 50.00
60.00 Cream Renaissance Lace Robes now 40.00
35.00 Black Taffeta Applique Lace Robes now 22.50
40.00 Black and Steel Spangled Lace Robes now 30.00
35.00 Black (Grenadine Novelty Lace Robes ...now 27.50
Eiderdown Great Offers
Sacques arid Robes in Sofa GusKions//V;-:H-.
Ladies' all wool Eiderdown Sacques— with ap- Tapestry Cushions, ready for use, in choicest
plique collar and edges of Sacque crocheted — of Oriental colorings^ — This b our "second lot-
comes in all the most desirable colors — special the first went quickly — These will not last long
value for $1. 25. . either at the price — 90c each. ' :
Ladies' all wool eiderdown Dressing Robes — In Cushion Tops — we have the largest assort-
Front, collar and sleeves, are satin, bound — all merit' to choose from, comprising 1 Floral, Con-
colors, with double frogs and girdle fastenings — veritional, Smokers, College, Cross Stitch, etc.
special value $4 .50. '/■ '■ -r Prices, Top with back— 50c to 80c each.
An Easily Purchased Christmas Gift
is one of our transferable Glove" Orders-r-which we issue for as many pairs as y&u wish to present.
Should the recipient not desire gloves— the order win be accepted at any department in our store.
Every Mail" is despatched promptly, and care is taken to fill it J
'Order Received satisfactorily. Our new illustrated catalogue free. I /
the Young Woman's Christian Associa
tion at H6A Davis street were made hap
py last Saturday by a Thanksgiving din
ner.' Mrs. .George Crocker was the kind
donor of it all and the bill of fare includ
ed turkey, cranberry sauce, vegetables,
mince pies, cake, fruit, cheese, tea and
coffee. The ladles who received and served
were: Mesdames W. O. Gould, M. J. Mc-
Donald. A. R. Baldwin, S. P. Tuggle. H.
J. Sadler. M. Beardsley; Miss H. L. Reed.
Mesdames J. L. Deahl, J. S. Andrews.. A.
Me Far land. George Thurston, George
Mayer. V. E. Ma thews: Misses Agues
Sadler, Viola Meyer, Helena^ Speyer, Alice
Jackson and Ida Jackson.
During the dinner music, both vocal and
Instrumental, was rendered by Mrs.
Wcbb-Glesy, Misses Grass. Webb. Ward
and Petto and Mr. Ed Hopkins. About
600 girls enjoyed the dinner and entertain
ment. ■ ,
A delightful party was tendered Miss
Ethel Andrew at the family residence. 238
Shotwell street, last Saturday evening.
Miss Andrew Is to lenve shortly for a
trip to Southern California.
A most enjoyable reunion took place at
the residence of Mr. Edward Lee. 208 Fair
Oaks street, Thanksgiving day. Eighteen
sat down to a sumptuous repast. The
dining-room was tastefully decorated in
blue and gold, with the motto, "Welcome,
Berkeley,*' in honor of two of the young
ladles who are students at the university
across the bay. After. Justice had been
dono to the turkeys and other good things
provided the family and guests adjourned
to the parlors, where a very pleasant
evening was spent with music and games.
The following were present: Mr. and Mrs.
Edward Lee. Mr. and Mrs. James Lee,
Mr. and Mrs. J. Richard Lee. Mr. an«l
Mrs. Fred C. Lee, Misses Millie. Annie,
Susie. Josle. Katie "and May Let, Mr. Ed
ward Leo Jr., Mr. Fred R. Peake, Miss
Catherine Poake and Miss Garbarlno. i
A surprise party was given to Miss Til
lie Beatty at • her residence, 152S Tenth
avenuo South, on Saturday last. The
guests were: Misses Tillie Beatty, Louisa
and Annie Mllly, Bella Lindsay. Josle
Desmond, Nellie Keefc, Maude Mclaugh
lin, Jewel Regan. Annie WulfC, Clara and
'Lucy Hannen, Madeleine Mllly, Arthur
Hamman, William Deyl, Joseph Burns,
Harry Bcshorman, i Frank GeBta, George
Wilson, Paul- McSweeney, "Joe , Watefl;,
Emll Mllly, Ernest Bruer, George Coyle.
Charles Keefe, Rudolph Wulft, Mr. and
Mrs. Frank Roechmer, Mrs. James
Beatty, Mrs. Wulff, Mrs. Lindsay, . Alex
Beatty, L. • P. . Clayburgh, . Verner j Comp
ton, M. E. Brown, D. Shea, Joe Abra
hams, Julius Cohn, J. Stein and J. Wil
liams of Chicago. ' v
Miss Hattlo Brown entertained a num
ber of friends Sunday evening, November
24, at her home. 610. Octa via. street. The
evening- was pleasantly spent in playing
games, music and dancing. Those pres
ent were: Misses Pearle Marcus, Rose
Friedman, Lulu Williams, Carrie Wolff,
Eleanora Rhoton, •". Ida : Rhoton, < Hattlo
Brown and /Mr. and Mrs. II. I. Rosen
thai. /.;' ■■■■ :■ ,■■■■.-.;•. :•-■: ■■■■;>•• ,v:-.\ ; .:.■;:. y;
: On last Sunday, November 24, a party
of about sixty : people ; gathered- at . the
residence of Joe Marturella, 1121 Mont
gom«v street, to , celebrate the christen
ing of their first born. The residence was'
decorated for, the occasion. The christen
ing vtook place at 1 o'clock, after which'
a dinner was J served. . Singing and § danc
ing continued until 10 o'clock, when sup-*
per was served. At 1 o'clock • the guests
departed. ] The music was conducted ' by
Professor Ferrera. ,< Among the* guests
were: C.A/Gulbblny, Mrs. A. Martur
ella,, Mr. and 'Mrs. Marturella, Mr. and
Mrs. Botte "of Belmont, i. Mr. and • Mrs.
Mlbelli of Colma. Mr. and Mrs. S. Fer
rera. Frank Demartinl. Mr. and Mrs.
Navalla. S. Bacigalupl, S. D. Guibblny,
J. 8. Tunzl, D. Datello, G. Mlbelli. Miss
Demartinl. Miss R. Navalla, Mrs. L.
Navalla, the Misses Botte. Mr. and Mrs.
Baclgalupi and Miss Danini. - '
A very pleasant birthday surprise par
ty was tendered to Miss Etta Muller at
her residence, corner of Xoe and Jersey
streets, on Friday evening, November 22.
The evening was pleasantly spent In
dancing and singing until 11 o'clock,
when the guests adjaurned to the dining
room, where refreshments were served.
Among those present were: Mr. and Mrs.
O. Parker, Mr. and Mrs. J. Gustavson.
Mr. and Mrs. L. E. Healy, Mrs. L.
Fahrenholz, Mrs. J. Kreel. Mrs. C. Mul
ler. Mrs. C. Hill. E. Englander J. L. Sil
ver. B. Muller, O. Olson,. M. Nicholson. F.
Gustavson. W. Dahlborn. W. Gustavson.
F. W. . Fahrenholz, A. H. Fahrenholz,
Miss C. Melson, Miss M. Dellameter, Miss
L. Muller. Miss Olive Parker. Miss Etta
Muller and Miss Hazel Barnett.
Sailed Away.
' The following sailed for Honolulu on
November' 23: C. A. Hedden, Miss E.
Keepers, Miss M. Lahaney, M. Lamont.
Mrs. M. Lemcke, C. I. Lewis, W. R. Low,
Dr. J. O. Mahoney, J. C. Ohlandt. Mrs.
Ohlandt, Miss G. Oman. F. Peterson/ B.
Peyman. F. F. Porter, S. L. Rumsey, E.
W. Schetter, Mrs. Schetter. H. F. Sleber,
Mrs. Sleber. T..W. Smith, W. O. Smith,
Mrs. M. J. St. George. H. H. Walker. H.
A. Wldemann. H. Williams. Mrs. . Wil
liams, Mrs. J. B. Agassis and two chil
dren, H. A. Allen. Mrs. H. A. Allen and
child. Miss Allen and maid, B. F. Beard
more/ Mrs. Beardmore. John Boyle, Mrs.
J. Colvln.F. J. Cross, George E. R, Cut
ter, Miss Bertha Dennlson, Miss Dennison.
Master Dennison. ' Mrs. J. R. Eastman.
Mrs. W. P. Fennell and two children. Cap
tain W. G. Goodman. M. D. Hall. > •
Personals.
Mrs. Frank Gaschlln of Sacramento is
visiting her daughter, Mrs. Prank J. Hall,
at 541B Castro street. :- =
Edward Marshu ts has just returned
from the East, where he spent several
months and met some of the most promi
nent financiers of the country, whom he
expects to Interest in California.. . ■
Mrs. A. Pelser will resume her day at
home on the first Monday In each month.
Mrs. Charles LJndeman will resume her
day at home on the fourth Tuesday In
each month. •' - • ., . . : .
Mrs. G. Brenner, who resides at 1234
Post street, will be at home to her friends
on Tuesdays during the months of Decem
ber and January.
Dr. and Mrs. John R. McMurdo left on
Wednesday last for Sonora. to pay a visit
to - Mrs. - McMurdo's mother. > They will
return home next week.' '
j Mrs. Louise Archer has returned home
after an extended trip through Southern
California. - \ . • -.- :
< One of the charming buas present at La
Jeunnesse cotillon Friday night was Miss
Colhoun, daughter of Pay Inspector S. R.
Colhoun, United States navy. , On the
maternal side she its a lineal descendant
of John Randolph of Roanoke, Va. She
wore a gown of pink- satin and ducheaae
and old point lace. : Mrs. Colhoun wore
black velvet and diamonds. • ;':'.; •.*.
Mr. -and Mrs. William Kaufmann have
moved ; to their new home, 8213 Jackson
street, 'near Central avenue. ?t
Young Ladies' Thanksg^Ving.
.Branca no. i or the Young Ladles' In-
stltute at Its Thanksgiving at home in
Loyola Hall, corner of Tenth and Market
streets, was addressed by Miss Josle Shea,
after which the following programme waa
successfully carried out:
Piano solo. Miss May Stein; fancy dance.
Mis» Frances Douherty: fortune tellla*. Miss
Marsh Mogan: vocal solo, Mls» Ltllla Byrnes;
fancy dance. Misa Marie 'Bowes; piano solo.
Miss Nonle Collins; recitation. Miss Agnes
Sullivan; soprano solo. Miss Kittle McShane;
remarks by toe grand first vice president. Miss
M. Stein.
< The guests repaired to the banquet hall,
where light refreshments were served.
Dancing concluded the evening's enter
tainment.
Suit to Recover Property Piled. •
Ella Mayle Is suing Reuben W. Hills
and Margaret V. Cluft to recover posses
sion of a lot on Leavenworth street, near
Clay, and another on an alley near Clay
and Leavenworth streets. She admits
she executed a mortgage for J36CO on
the property and then deeded the property
to the lenders. She also claims that she
offered tbe lenders £>000 in full settlement
of their claim and that her offer was re
fused. She asks the court to set aside
the* deed and name a sum for her to pay
In settlement of the claim against j the
property. ■' ■- ■ V ■'"■ ''. : -" ;; :
San Francisco's Scientific Dtrmatofoglsta
WR NKLES
In San Francisco, at tho parlors of the
New York Institute -of Dermatology, a
Troman ts on exhibition with tho wrinkles
removed from one side of her face and •
left on the other side, to show the differ-
ence before and after using their wrinkle
remedy. The contrast la both striking: and
convincing, as attested by the wonder and I
admiration of the ladles who call dally
to see her. Over one thousand ladles of
this city arid State have had their wrin-
kles removed by this treatment. Women
of GO are made to look 35, and guaranteed
to stay that way; —, .
. Pr. Benjamin I*. Fowler, ■'the surgeon ;
at the Institute from New York, who 1»
specially trained and experienced tn this
work, by a simple, painless operation cor-
rect* Ill-shaped noses, outstanding ears,
double or flabby chin and throat, sagging
cheeks. ..puffy, baggy eyelids, without
pain or scar, and removes all marks and
blemishes from ' the skin by the latest
scientific methods.' Consultation I In per-
son or by letter Is free and strictly con-
fidential. A lady Is In reception at the '
parlors to explain methods to callers. Call v
or addresa N. Y. Institute of Dermatol-
ogy. Columbian Bids.. 918 Market St. (op- * I
poslto Emporium), San Franclacos * * " .
4142
% ■ it£ ;^ ADVEBTISEM KWT8.
»•€»••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••++++<
CITY F #§#PARIS
Dry Goods Company.
HOLIDAY SILKS
JIST OPENED:
Contatntnff the Cream of the Season'a Productions In . /
RICH BROCADES AND EVENING SILKS.
New and Exclusive Designs and Colorings at Special Values In
FANCY AND PLAIN WAIST SILKS
85c to $1.50 a yard.
Pure Silk Fabrics: In Seasonable Tints and Shades, showing an
exquisite touch of elegance, which makes them Smart and
Practical in
CREPE DE CHINE AND CREPE METIER
Beautiful Colorings In the Daintiest Material of the Season, the
NEW PAON VELVETS
In all these up-to-date Materials of both Home and Foreign
rr.akes we will show a great selection of Striking Values of
BLACK SILKS
BROCADES, DUCHESSE, MOIRES. RECENCE and PAILLETE de
SOIE. stripes, and a variety of fancy styles.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
SE. Comer Geary and StocVtoa Struts, Unhn Squirt.
Send Orders by Mall or Express.
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Train* lr»«» nn<< »r«- «tnf> •• nrrlt* •*!
v*> rn a Kciwt-u.
(Ilain line. Foot of Uarktt Street.)
tXAXt — TaOM 50TO3H 4. 1JC1. — A«.KIV«
■:.••«>. Bmlda, Suiasa^ Ebeir» aad Satra-
trrnln «:»-■»»
Z:*4)i Ytc*Ttlte, Wictwrf, RojnKr 7:53jr
S :29a Msrtiuei. Sm lUmon. Wlieju. Mapa,
Oaliiteca and I4iuu Uosa O:»3r
*:!»•* Z>aTia. Woodland. Knittu Landiac
M«rr»'Hi«. «»rini'li._ 7:5S»
a : «o» AtiaaUe Kx[-reu-Og<!ei> and East H:23*
f.o-A Xilrr. VHknrp, SUxAten -.*»r
•><••& Kllea. M«A-t«, Uanford. Visalia.
rartarrillc «i39>
• :»•* EbssU Cxpras-Daiis. Wil'Jteu (fct
Bartlrtt Sptinet*. Uiilon. BeU
Blufl. Ponimiid. 7iM«
ai»»* R»ti Jua., lAteimvrr. hlncltr.n.
loi ,*, Kaeraitirntn. l"t;rtrill«.
Maijitnir. Ghion. Itwl Klntr 4iS.1s
• ■»•* O*.kda>. Cfcin-*c,Sf-icr». »."arTf»*... «iZS» I
| *>:«tn& Har'anl. Kiiti and tVa» Statlbt^.. IttSSa i
■J »*»AVaaeJo 1*jX*i
I »:«t» Los A.otaies Express — Uarifeie*,
Tracj. Lutirop. Ktocktmi. Mcrcrt,
Fraaito aud Los Aace'ca ?<ZAl
I »>a»» Vall»tn. r.I»rliiK-t«n«I W»y Slatloni ?>8Sr
I «m««a. Tb. Oraciand Unitod-Ocdac. I^ea-
var.OmakavCk.kaca StZSt
! >ii«ar KMiuitntn i:|.« Kimuhji 11l:«o»
«**»r BmicU. TVtetm. HasraiMtiU.
Wvodlaoa. Ki.UI.U Uufilii.
UarfSTiar.Oretlila »• 3*»
liSSfMirtiutt. hu U.u.o.1. Vall«]o,
4 K»p». «>Ji«tuc«. XiutU tlo»a «i«»i
' *t—r yiiem, LlTrrmore. 6tocklo». LoJl... ISuXCrV
E «>a«r Utrnii.MK)<tii J«««. Urrrmorc Itjaa*
4 ■ Z»r Fort Ck« a. Tracy. L»t tror. 6t' ck t m i«i»»i
5 »i»»r Tl:. Owl Iiaitted— tiNM, TuUit,
DakersS«M. hanr 7 * f « Rauta l(af
tan. Let Ancrie* .... «;Mt i
. t:*tr Marts' z. Aotiodi. B'.cckton. Mcr-
«ed.rritno !t»**»
' •iJ'tSw OriaatkS Ziprtn— »»a!o:«.
Freaao. r>al?r>te.d. Loa Argeica.
: . - U-mlrs, Rl 1-«jo. Kcv Ori«aai
/ ud bit Ji*»» i
B>«»r n»r-ard. ra:«»i.t «»•. J.*» :<:»• 1
f«tO*r Vfcllt)" II:X««
3 CiOVr Oriental Mail-Ot^fn. Cbt;eno«.
•' OflDatia, <Jbie«fo a«a3»
• r»OrOrl«i.t»l ilaal— < fee UritTfr.
fct VaulM. Vblsito «««»
' : niMMlla, Vmr|«til!r. II.-Lli. •.
r»it!ai..l. !*<■«<« MoM..«t .i..t l'.r.»i SsSSa
«.»»r Mao Pablo. I", rl f?w.tt. Varttaez
kmUVm riUtlu: • IIiXSa
t<tO»r Vallr} *t5»f
% COAST JANE (Narraw Uaa(5#).
'j ■ (Tuut.^ U.rl<»Sirert.i
' •«l»Aa»«mrt,oittnr.Dlr.n»iiJu:e.»'Vltm..
-. Bmtl4orOrrek.tMutaUrMZa.od War
bUUoo »■»•»
■ tan a r J(«»artr, «^ .i«»ii>. flan .'< »« ?•«■■*
Al«ii«iini. tfit'.n. II1111I.T1T «:rwk,
Santa <*mi acd lrl:ici;«l V.'a»
•Jtattona l«l«4a)A j
: 4.1&r- N«»»r^. »•>. .1.*«. I^.C»1c« ««:5O»
■ **.3>r Hunua*' Train— fiao Jc»e and Way
* ■ ftmtonn 17.9mt
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
•».-!■ Ul m\CUX>-lKA ef Ktrktl Street (Ihj l)-
UM * CJ I! C0».-. I:S3 |:J9 M!r.«.
n«« «)it!.i»t_r.«it'f ■•><*• ».— tr.uo jo-oo 1841
laeo>.«. \2.Zi J.C9 lAZr.v.
COAST L.JXK <iir».d u«« R »).
- (Ti»lr«i »i«l Totw»c"'I HU.) i
: . faiat 8m Jcse snd VV«jr Miticni......... «»:3«f
. -en* v«n Jw»,,,nv.j nuLi.m* liB«»
/tt«Nf. Htm AUtdti /«:»«>»
•■•Oa Hau Ju>*. Tret lioon. Nuti t'tut.
Ftrific <«faitr>, twHitta. 6iu Ixif
<>\t.r\«>. Raota B»rt>ara »»wi PriB-
tlfi inl1lil»11»l«' HUItmn . ?'4Sr
ImmStD JcteiiKl \V«ybt*T»on«_ 4sl«r
IlltOt !4uJ<«tm>il WtrHUUiiMi 5iJi)»
I t »i »*r Salt MatM, lUdwuod. Uenlo Tarlr,
Tata Alto. usuClwt, H%u.\-**,
t ■' ■-■■'■■ TrefFlsos, 8»«i«» «fn». Salinas.
Moutcrcr ■«•" I'ur.fiir. i;»h» tint«3i
- «i»»r •"« .»c»» fc»a Way litatUn*. C::JO.
T 4l<lftr Sau3«*«»iMFrii.ci|<al UayKUtlon* U;I3»
I i*i»mr Sn Joa*. Vo* Oatos and ]*rti>cir»l
tf. r Station* 4»:OI»»
1 fii3S)r «•:«•*
. «>«Or IW«nxl. *sa Joaa. «lin y. Balisas.
Santa Bsrbm, Lo« Asg»l« IOiuSa
».:3Or «■»: :.to»»»ii.i W»j station.. <«.i><l A
mti:4Ur faui J«w«>h1 Vf*r HUUrnM OlZ»t
': A for Montli ( Vtat A(t*rnoon.
t « Mandar e«e<-ut*4. t »TMt4tT only.
2. •Sawgdayoaiy. / Taasday* and Fridayj.
tiuRTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROABL
Vto S«ua«IM» fmtjf.
-f / c<Knm««cln8' 8*pi«?ai»>»r 2>, J90L
FROM BAN FBANCISCO TO MILL. VALL.BV •
. * AND SAN KAFAEU
I WEEK DATS-4'.K. 1:10. -naO. UM a, m..
•l-«3 2*t. <:l J . 6:li - * 8:JS - 6:4i P- «•
-i EXTRA TBIPS-Tot Mill Valley and E«n
■»>«'a»l on Monday*. Wednesdays aad Satur-
iit-'t at 8:35 and Xl:«0 p. rn.
n0:00. 'UM a. m.. •i.15.
- 15 »4:«. 6:*). >:W p. m.
'•rralne marked «•) run to Ban Quentln.
VIIOM £AX HKTAKIj TO SAN FRAN'CISCO
■WEEK DAYH--5:2S. 6:J7. 7:«. £:«. MM
a m '«:». 2:15. #i:83 . « : *<>. S : »> V- tn.
< FXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Paturday* at 6:4S and •:« p. m.
SCNr)AYS-<:16. »8«0. '10:00. *U:ii a. m..
•!-4« *«:15. <:«S. "«:>• P. »-
' Tritn» mark*-d <•) ctart from Kan Quentin.
. JROSl MILi. VALLEY TO BAN FRANCIBCO.
WEEK DAV6-5:4J. f.U. V.Z6. V.K, 10:30 a/in!
12:ii 2:tS. 2:M, t:10 p. in.
E^TRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
t*inr<5»>s at 7:10 and U:2l p. rn.
I HUNDAV6-fc:C6. 10:K a. m.. 11:03. 2:lS, «:«
'■ 5:ee C:t$ P. ta. •
' THROUGH TRAINS.
i:iZ a. ta. week days— Cazadero and way » ta-
ller.*. . -
1:4* p. m. 6aturflaye— Dancaa Mills and way
feUtion*. y
t:(« a. n. Bundays— Inincan Mills and way
vt&tlons.
I^-ral Holiday boats and trains will run on
fcunday tiro*. -
TAMALPAI3 RAILWAY
Lnve I Via Sau&alito Ferry Arrive
San > : ran. • Foot of MarVet St. San Fran.
kli !-.ill::«A. ' tf-TL-,-,. <r2* *. 6*5 T.
T*m,*m fXaHmixfc— liu<l«w.n«.
TukmCa»m. SS SUSJLXT StKXn *a4 """'"^ TtMXX.
[Weekly Call, $1 per Year
MAYOR-ELECT FILES
HIS OFFICIAL BOND
Empire State Surety Company of New
York Guarantees His Future
Conduct.
Mayor-elect Eugene E. Schmitx filed his
official bond for $35,000 yesterday after
noon with Recorder Godchaux. The bond
was Issued by Thomas R. Bannerman,
agent for the Empire State Surety Com
pany of New York, and was approved by
Mayor Phelan and Auditor Wells.
The charter requires that all bonds of
city ofQdals shall be filed within ten days
after the declaration of the result of the
election and the issuance of the certifi
cate. Mr. Schmlti evidently lost no time
In complying with the provisions of the
charter, as It was only on Wednesday that
Mr. Sdhmitz received his certificate.
Pauper Killed by a Fall
-he body of a man about Go years
old was found yesterday morning at tha
bottom of a flight of stairs leading to the
basement of a Chinese broom factory at
"C Clay street. Papers found on his per
son indicate that his name was Frederick
Williams, and that he had been dts
charged from the Almshouse on the 25th
of November of this year. It is believed
that *hr fell down the stairs while drunk
and broke his neck. /
j BAELWAY TBAVEL.
I CALIFOKKU KORTBfKTEMKtC*
j SAS FRANCISCO AHD NORTB PACtfB
RAILWAY COAPAHV.
tiburon Ferry. •%•« «f M«%M fa. .
Hmn Franciaco tu Can Kaf*«i.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. fX'J. 11:00 a. tn. . U:ti
*t:tH.. S:10. C.30 p. m. Thursdays- Extra trip
at 11:29 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trlpa at 1:W
and 11:30 p. ml
8UNDAYS-g:04, 9:18. 11 :<: a. m .; 1:3ft, 3:90.
5:C0, C:M p. m.
6am Rafael to San Franclaco.
WEEK DATS— <:10. I'M. »:». U:10 a. m. ; il;*o.
ZA0 5:11 p. tn. baturdnyc— Kxtra trip* at 1 :«
and fi:35 i. nv
SUNDAYS-S:l», »49. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, J:4«,
} 6:C5. l:ti p. m.
i Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. [April 73. 1JC1.I Ban Francisco.
Week ; Hoc- i I Bun- I Week
nay*. I days. '; ttestinatlon. | days. | Day*.
?:S0 am! 8:00 ami Novato, 410:40 am S:49am
2:30 pro »:30 atr,: Petaiuma, j «:0£ pm 10:23 am
»:10pmf 5:00 pm! Sanu Roaa. | 7:85 pm 6:10 pm
: 1 Fulton. -
7:30 ami Win<iaot. 16:2S atn
i 6:00 pm Hcsidnburp. lu-i'.fsm
J Cytton.
Ceys«rvllte.
ZM i*m| t:V> am Cloverdale, 7:33 pra 6:M jim
7:30 am 6:00 pm Hoplani!. 10:40 am 10:2$ am
Z VI ],rr,' f: r Ai am *nd Uklah. 7:33 pm 4:20 pm
7:30 am! 10:40 am 10:25 am
I S:00 am| Ouernevllle. 7:35 pm
S.iO pml S:CO pmj «:»0 pm
7:30 am! 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
i ; and
6:10 pm, b.f/i pm Glen Ellea 6:CS pm <:20 pm
7:10 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am|10:r. am
' <:20 pmj 6:00 pm| Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| (:20 put
(stages connect at Santa Rona for Mark West
tipiincs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Spring*; at
Geyeervllle (or Skagts Springs; at ClcverdaU
for the Geysers; at liopland for ' Duncan (
tfprlngs, Highltnd Springs. Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Spring?. Sc4a Hay. Lakeport and Bartlett
ttprlngs; at Uktah for Vichy Spring*. Baratog*
Springs, )Jlu* I.««'h, l.aurcl Dell Lake, Witter
£]iiing«. Upper I.ak". Porno. Potter Valley,
John Day'e. Riverside, Llerley'a, Ku'.-kn*!!'*.
hanhedrln Heights, Hullvlll", Ort's Hot
tyring*.. Mendoolno Cily, Fort Draffk, West-
port, Ucal, v.'iilitf, Lfcytonville, Cummins,
Beirf Eprlnge, Harris. Oleen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Kur*-ka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond Ban Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Msrket street. Chronicle
building. .. - ■ ,
H. C. WHITING. K. X. RYAN,
Gen. Mtnager. : Gen. Pass. Agt.
Santa Fe f
Trains-Daily.
Leave MaAet-street Ferry Depot.'
v Ix>cal Llm'd Ovrl'd L-ecal
v Daily Dally Dally Daily
Lv. Ran Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 1:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a Jl:«a 11:10 p 7:11 p
" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30a 1:11 p
i " Fresno.... 2:05 p »:«.'p 3:15 a 10:50 p
" Hanford.. 8:1« p 3:27 p S:CS a
" Vlm.Ha.... 3:23 p .4-6:00 a
" Uakentfld. «:15 p (:20 p 7:4* a
" Kan City. ........ 2:40 a 7:30 a
- " Chicago »:l»p 9:00 p
a for morning-, p for afternoon.
»:00 a. tn. train is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace .Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cara throujth to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakorsfleld. for accommodation of
local flrst-claea passenger*. No secend-
ctas« tleketa an honored on this train.
Corresponding train arrives at 7:01 a, m.
dally-
4:20 p* m. Is Stockton, Merced and Fresno
local. Correepondlns; train arrives at Vl-.fO
p. m. dally. / •■ ■ -
S:00 p. in. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Yjtm Reclining Chair Cara to Chicago; also
Palace Rleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at C:00 p. ra.
daily.
7:20 a. tn. la BaVerefleld Local, stopping
at all points In .Kan Joaquln Valley: Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices-U] Market street and In Fsrry
Depot. San" Francisco; 11U Broadway, Oak-
land-^ ■■ . . - - '.- . • .'
the: : s^
STRTE OBTAINS
HIGHEST HONOR
Excels All Competitors
at Pan-American
Display. ( \
Secretary Filcher Has Glow
ing Account of Results
Achieved.
Secretary J. A. Filcher of the State
Board of Trade, after an absence of nine
months In the East, the major portion of
which was spent at the Calif ornlan ex
hbllt at the Pan-American Exposition in
Buffalo, returned last nlrht, enthusiastic
ovir the results of the display, yet glad
to have escaped the rigors of the. Eastern
winter. . ■ : \
Mr. Filcher brings joyful tidings to the
people of the State.' California earned
the highest recognition of any State In,
the United States and carlred off more
honors than .all the others combined.
Gold, silver and bronze, medals and certi
ficates of merit were awarded without
number, and the qomplete record Is a
wonderful tribute 'to the diversified in
dustries of the State. Mr. Filcher said:
. Everything was In our favor In Buffalo. We
Voccupled one-half the space In the big horti
cultural building-, besides having a space twelve
by thlrty>iwo feet In the mining building.
Every inch of space was used to the best pos
sible advantage and every industry was dis
played In the most attractive manner. ' We
had also, too, the advantage of location, for we
were on a -main passageway connecting two
of the most important buildings, and thousands
of people passed the exhibit dally.
Exhibit Great for State.
While 'the exhibit was a financial failure so
far as Us projectors ware uoncernsd. It ivu
an unqualified success from the standpoint of
California exhibitors. We had every day as
many visitors as we could handle, and the}
were of an inquiring, intelligent class that
seemed to have heard something of the re
sources of California, but were seeking fur
ther knowledge.
We adopted a new plan In the distribution of
literature. We had tons and tons of It from
all .parts of the State, and for the first time
the counties In the northern part of the State
seemed to rise to the occasion and sent twice
as many pamphlets as did the southern por
tion. We placed this on a large counter and
let the people help themselves. Instead of its
being thrown away, as has been the caa«
when It was handed to them, we scarcely hail
to pick up a single piece. In one day we kept
account of the people that awkcil for literature
and we found that In one hour people repre
senting thirty-one States had registered. .Stw
York and Pennsylvania people were naturally
the greatest In number, but all sections of the
country were well represented.
>A. warded Many Medals.
Pome Idea of the results and the value of the
exhibit may be gained by the number of prizes
won by the State. Just look at this list— forly
gold medals, fifty silver medals, flfty bronze
medals and hundreds of certificates of merit
were awarded our exhibitors. In variety and
quantity we exceeded every other State ex
hibit.
We had ecme little differences with tha
jurors. The California Fruit Canners' Asso
ciation erected, at its own expense, a "Palace
of Cans." Nine thousand cans containing all
kinds of fruit and vegetables comprised It.
and wii one of the features of the exhibition.
Yet this display only I received a minor men
tion. Eo it" was with our wines. We did not
think proper Justice was done to them and
made a protest to the Jury «i revision.
The jury on wines was composed of a repre
sentative of Chile, Mexico. France, Canada and
the United States and. as thes* first countries,
named consider themselves great wine produc
ing countries the rrsult was unfavorable to
California. Then the committee on revision
was composed of one representative from each
country maintaining .an exhibit. The South
American republics outbalanced all other coun
tries on the grand jury and It was therefore
difficult to alter the verdict of the petty Juries.
Dairymen Gain Honors.
For the first time at an exposition with which
I have had connection, the dairy Interests of
the State were represented and a most grati
fying showing was made. Butter In all kinds
cf packaged, cheese, and other dairy products
were exhibited, and the result was that this
portion of the exhibit secured two gold, five
silver and five bronze medals. *
Our lumber Interests were a1*o well repre
sented, and I may Instance one single result
that speaks volumes. The Tonawanda Lumber
Company. located on the Oreat Lakes between
Nlajrara and Buffalo, controls the lumber In
terests of that section. We succeeded In get
ting them Interested In our redwood and sugar
pine. Mr. Tewksbury. treasurer of the asso
ciation, told me that with what the company
had already received and with what wan now
on the road, they had bought 140 carloads, and
the demand was increasing every day.
Our prone kitchen was another great success.
We gave demonstrations of the best methods
of cooking California prunes, distributed 15/0)
copies of approved receipts and. created a de
mand for our prune* that was evidenced by a
ranviM made In Buffalo, where grocers Inform
ed us their rales had Increased from 50 to 100
per cent.
Part of the exhibit was disposed of In
New York. Dart is on its way to San
Francisco and another portion was sent
to St. I>ouls. where It is hoped It will
again be exhibited In 1903. The expense
of the exhibit, which promises so much
good to the State, will probably be leas
than $10,000, of which the Southern Pa
cific Company will bear 60 per cent and
the State Board of Trade the remainder.
MUCH RED TAPE IN .THE
BOARD, OF PUBLIC WORKS
Carpenter's Demand Goes to Seven
teen Different Officials Before It
la Finally Faid.
The red tape under which the Board of
Public Works el operated Is illustrated In
the case of a carpenter who may be em
ployed to do a day's work on a public
Echool building at the rate of $3 50 per
diem. After the carpenter has done hlx
work his demand passes through the
hands of no less than seventeen officials
before he receives his money.
As soon as the demand is made out It
is handed to the inspector of building*.
who affixes his signature thereto. He in
turn dispatches It to the superintendent
of buildings, who also signs It. The de
mand -finally reaches, and is signed In
succession by the secretary of the Board
of Public Works, the three Commission
era of the Board of Public Works, the
four members of the Board of Education
and tho secretary of the Board of Educa
tion.
The demand then comes before the
meeting of the Board of Education and
the secretary states it was ordered paid.
It is then examined and approved in turn
by the president of the Board of Edu
cation and the Superintendent of Schools
or by his deputy. 'Then it Is audited by
the Auditor or his deputy, and after it
is signed by the . City Treasurer . It Is
finally liquidated and the patient carpen
ter receives his $3 50. which took one dny
to earn and about six days to make the
demand negotiable.
The peculiar part of the proceedings is
that the only .man who knows whether
the work was performed by tho
carpenter does not sign the demand, and
he is the foreman who supervises the Job.
DUDLEY DUBOSE ASKS V
g0R JAIL CBEDIT3
Application Ib Denied and He Will
Bemain in Jail Two Months
Longer. ;
Ex-Judge Dudley Dubosc, • who hat»
been In the Alameda County Jail for the
past four months, serrlnr a nix tnonthe
sentence for contempt of court in gvt
tlnf lonesome and requested the Bher I if
of AUmoda County, yesterday to ascer
tain whether he was not entitled to tho
usual credits for good behavlop/' The
Sheriff placed himself In communication
with/ United States District Attorney
Marshall* B. Wood worth, and Mr. Wood
worth, after due deliberation, gave his
opinion that the prisoner, was not en
titled to any credits, his punishment not
being for Infraction .of 'any law of the
United ' States, but simply ' for contempt
of court. *. : : ■ \" ;■ ■' ■-■ '*-■*.*
The ex-Judge will therefore remain two
months longer In Jail. '-:
POLICE ARREST
A TILL "TRAPPER"
He and His Confederates
Bob a Fruit
Dealer.
Is Detected in Crime | by
/ 'Customer and Caught
After Chase.
One of the trio of young men who have
been systematically robbing storekeepers
is "under arrest. His name is Charles Wil
liams. He was captured yesterday after
noon by Charles Devoto. a . young man
whose father was cleverly robbed by Wll r
liams and his companions,
j Shortly after 2 o'clock yesterday after
noon Williams, who is a -well dressed
young fellow, visited A. Devoto's fruit
store at Powell and Green streets and
asked the proprietor to direct him to the
Fishermen's Wharf. Devoto stepped out
of his store and showed the stranger the
nearest way to reach the wharf..
After profusely thanking Devoto Wil
liams left. As Devoto returned to the
store he was told by a customer who had
entered the place while he was conversing
with the well-dressed stranger thai
he had seen a short man walk behind the
counter and take the contents of. the cash
drawer, amounting to JB. Calling his son
Devoto rushed outside and saw the stran
ger who had spoken to him run down
Powell street, followed by the thief who
had robbed the cash drawer and another
man. Young Devoto gave chase and after
running several blocks finally overhauled
the criminal. Devoto held him until Ser
geant Christiansen arrived. He was then
handcuffed and taken to the City Prison,
where his name was entered in the
."small" book. Ills companions were, not
arr«!Sted. /
' During the past two weeks over a dozen
storekeepers have been robbed in a sim
ilar manner by the trio of crooks. To
day their victims will visit the City
Prison and endeavor to Identify the pris
oner. • ■
SEBMONS TO BE HEARD .
IN THE CHURCHES TO-DAY
Topics to Be Discussed by Pastors of
Various Denominations This -
* Sabbath.
' The advent course of sermons at St.
Mary's (Paullst) Church will be preached
nythe Rev. Henry. J2. O'Keefe at tha 11
o'clock mass during the four Sundays of
advent on the four parables. On Decem
ber 1 the eermon will be on the "Parable
of the Patched Garment."
Rev. Father Woods will preach at the
mass In St. Ignatius Church at 10:30
o'clock this morning.
Rev. Milton D. Buck of the Trinity
Methodist Episcopal Church will preach
this evening on "Is This That?"
Rev. F. W. Lloyd of the Richmond
Methodist Episcopal Church will preach
this morning on "Man Created In God's
Image," and in the evening on . "The
Name Jesus."
Rev. K. A. Keast of the Epworth Meth
odist Episcopal Church will preach this
morning on "Consecration and Consecrat
ed Workers." Dr. W. W. Case will preach
In the evening. /.
Rev. A. C. Bane of the California-street
Methodist Episcopal Church will preach
this morning on "The Fall of Man," and
In the evening on "Positive Character."
Rev. Frank K. Baker of the First Meth
odist Episcopal, Church will preach this
morning on "When a Christian's Ugiu
Becomes Darknees." and In the evening
on "The Christian Young Man."
"God the Only Cause and Creator," is
the subject of the lesson at the First
Church of Christ.
Rev. George C. Adams of the First Con
gregational Church will preach this morn
ing on "Sincere and Without Offense,"
and in the evening on "Partial Knowl
edge."
• Rev. E. H. Avery of the Westminster
Presbyterian Church will preach this
morning on "The Divine Great Deep,"
and In tho evening on "The Preparation
and the Invitation."
Rev. Bradford Lcavltt of the Flrat Uni
tarian Church will preach this morning
on "Tragedies of the Innocent."
Rev. K. A. Woods of the First Baptist
Church will preach this morning o:i
"Preaching Jesus," and In tho evening on
"Sin Is Self. Destruction. "
Rev. E. J.' Harper of the Centenary
Methodist Church will preach this morn
ing on "Tho Secret of Happiness," and
in the evening on "The Folly of Hur
ry." s
A special musical service will be held
this evening at the Grace Methodist Epis
copal Church In commemoration of thu
safe Ingathering of tho harvest crops.
The mothly musical service of the Simp
son Memorial Methodist Episcopal Church
will be held this evening. The large choir
will be directed, by I. E. Blake, with MIm
Mabel Jones as organist and Miss Leaves
violinist
Central Methodist Episcopal Church
will hold a special musical servlco tins
evening. Several select pieces of mu«lc
will be rendered by the large choir.
To-morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock Rtv.
Ernest E. Baker, D. D., pastor of tho
First Presbyterian Churoh, Oakland, wl'.l
address a great mats-meeting for' men nt
the Young- Men's Christian Association.
His subject will bo "Men of Dust: A
Study of Temptation."
Car and Wagon Collide.
Owing to the dense " fog which spread
over the Mission section last evening, car
1077 of the Mission-street line collided with
a two-horse express wagon on Twenty
fourth street at 6:30 p. m. The wagon
was In chargo of William Parker, who re
sides at 4300 Twenty-fourth street. The
force of the trolley car when It struck. the
wagon unseated the driver and threw him
Into the body of the wagon. He escaped
injury, while the horses were more or less
cut about the legs. The wagon was
wrecked. - ;'■ . -
Mnnic in the Park.
The following programme will be ren
dered by the band in Oolden Oate Park
to-day: ; , ,-. , •
Overture. "Kest". ,....;. '..... .;.'."....■ Leutntr
Mazourkn Us Concert, "La Mousme",....aanna
Selection, "II Trovatore," Including tha
tower scene .;«H .»<-:... Verdi
Walt*. ••Kspana".........../?... ...... Waldtaufel
"Ainerlcon fantasia" Herbert
Overture. "Ouarany" '.... t Oomez
Cornet solo, ''Alr.de ballet" Sired
D. C. Rosebrook. 1 ;.;V-» • ■ i •
"Egyptian Rillet"... -Lulflnl
Popular dance from "t'lorodora"... ..Stuart
March, "Matwtpso"... .,.;.H.^C. Watt
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
CLEANLY WOMAN.
■■-.■■' - ' ■ ■■ . - ■ . . . - 1 ••'■■-■,' ■-■ . - ■ .•
Iirroneously Thinks by Scouring Her
Scalp That She Cures Dandruff.
Cleanly woman has nn erroneous Idea
that by scouring the scalp, which ro-r"
moves the dandruff scales, she Is curing
the dandruff.. She. may wash her scalp
every day, and yet 1 , have dandruff her
life long, accompanied : by falling' hair,'
too. The S only w»y jf In. the world to
euro dandruff la to kill .tho .dandruff
germ, and- there is no -hair preparation
that will do that but N«wbro*» He-rpl-
cide. llerplclde ktiling the dandruff
germ, leaves the s liair ' free to grow . as
healthy Nature intended. Destroy the
cause, you remove the effect. 2 Kill I the
dandruff germ With t Hcrplclde. ' " ' ' J
j •••••••••••••••••••••^••••••••••••^••••••••^
I 1 ■'- ' " j. .•' "'--■'.■ ■•■ -■ '-:■' '•.-'•-■ '.'- : > : ' * . '■* ' ■■■■•'•' .•■•■•- ■_'_•_■ '■ . o
Holiday Offerings I
'.. . ■ . 1 - • 5
! I 4r cc/r rate prices. 8
I GOLDEN GATE I
I CLOAK and SUIT HOUSED
j! Will of ;erthelf finest TAILOR SUITS, RAGLAN8, •
II BOX COATS, FUR JACKETS, FUR CAPES and !
J FUR BOAS, SILK and CLOTH DRESS SKIRTS |
J ALL AT CUT RATE PRICES. •
! • Our Garments have carried a standard of. merit. The EXACT FIT n
f AND PRECISION OF FINISH bear the testimony. . S
S HIGH NOVELTY TAILOR SUITS, eleg^kly trimmed and lined, the •
• . , perfefction of htsrh-class tailoring. CUT .PRICES l?a."».OO. 93O.OO, 5
• .^:S5.OO. Were $.v>.oo, $.i7..V>, $50.00. . 0
S STYLISH TAILOR SUITS. Eton. Norfolk or New Blouse Effect, per- 9
• • feet fitting. gUT RATE PRICE flO.OO,. flS.BO. •
• Were $12.50, $1500, $20.00, $25.00. \ •
t HIGH-CLASS RAGLANS AND y A COATS, masterpieces of fine f
!{•_ workmanship, the richest kind of lining.. CUT. PRICE $35.00. Z
§ ?4O.Oa, 95O.OO. f«5.OO/ Were $4500, $so.oo, $65.00 and $85.00. %
• NEWEST STYLE RAGLANS 'AND 54 COATS with Capes. Yoke •
J Effect or strapped. CUT PRICE. VI O.OO, : $15.OO, •
J ipiT.WK Were $12.50; $r5.oo, $20.00, $22.5©r . . J
J EXTRA SPECIAL; v J
• GENUINE-MINK AND RUSSIAN SABLE CAPES, 25 per cent dis- •
• count, from regular prices, f 50.O0 to 1^200.00. ' •
S NOVELTY SILK SKIRTS cut to 912.5O, f 15.OO. * 17.50 and 2
I) . ftfO.OO. Were $15.00. $18.50, $22.50 and $25.00. * %
• FEATHER BOAS, VA to 2Vt yards long, black, natural and gray, •
y 97.50 to $40.00.. . •
I 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET. |
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA UAOKQ THUm
TO-N CM*rHLia«t Tlm«
WILLIAM COLLIER
...ON THE QUIET...
Beginning T - d« rrow. Monday,
THE X. Y. AND PARIS
COBEDY SENSATION VSS^^ts
THE QIRL
FROM MAXIM'S.
J&^^P This Girl of Girls!
/§fc*pfife 1 his Parisian Girt!
mX^BKsfim This Ros ' est G ' r - J
V/^^K This loveliest Girl!
This Wittiest Gr!
MwBk I his Clfarming Giri!
I HK This Girl of Joy!
JBggKffiffi Tris Giri Divine!
JBBS^Sf This Girl Facetious!
#HE@»\ This Girl Vivacious!
&M$J&i& Thi * Gir> Solitaire!
<^^i^ftS^ Fasclnatlnv!
-r^^^sSR Oevll-Nlay-Care,
XEXT-JEFFERSON DE AXOELIS.
MATINEE TO-DA Y— 1 0e-lSe-aSc.
TO-NIOHT LAST TIME
The PowerfQl Russian Drama,
SIBERIA.
PDirFC B"enlngs 10c. 13c. «5c. »c. SBs
rKlvC) Matinees 10c. 13c. So
TO-MOBROW-EVO— The Great American
. , Drama, the
STREETSOF
NEW YORK.
SEE • tHE GREAT. FITtB SCENE!
TOaMUHT-' ON E WEEK.
THE FUNNIEST TH1NO THAT EVER HA1V
, PKNED. . . .
Wm. A. Brady and Joseph Grlsmer'i X. T.
-. Manhattan Theater. Success,
A stranger™*
A STRANGE LAND
The Brightest Comedy Been In Teara. :
-'-\ ■ ■ ; : ■ ■•.. SEATS READT. -VV. ;■■■■''>
NEXT— Sunday. IVp. ir>. the youna; romantic
actcr,-8. MILI.ICH KENT, • pr*a«ntln« Nat C.
Ooodwin'a creat^fluccors, 'THB COWBOT
AND TUB LADT,*: by Clyde Fitch. / •■
..;■.. SEATS THUnSDAY. .
DELA8C0 ft /THALL.^.. .'..;. ....... ..Managers
' • : .. •/>-'■>- ,' MATINEE ToiDAT.' '■•'■'• ■ •■•• " '"
rO-NiaMT— "WK-UN8_ OF TENNESSEE."
*■ TO-MORnOW— MONDAY^ ■ " - ; ■
I1MH0 THE IGi 1
BOUT. STEPHENS' . Successful Romantic
:. ■ •. •-•..-Drama.- ■ ■ •■■.■:■ ,',....••.
■ ' -First Tiro* at Popular -Prices. •"■■"■■
• ; 'O n E A T>. A L C A Z A ft • CAB T.
Superb Costumes! ' •• ':■ Brilliant Production:
i %■■ Renular Malln«« Saturday and Sunday. -
SISATC ON BALE3 • ; DAYS IN J ADVANCE.
ISo, 25c. ttc. BOc and ?Sc. ■■■ ■ ■
VVXrCr^-r .. . r -"CHRISTOPHER JB."
FISCHER'S coNcfiftTHousfc
MMI5. CHAfclTT MAItTIN; John .Desmond;
the Foor Lerntfa: DUhoht Reynolds; ft#n Lu-
oler; Dunning «n.l Orlmm; Oro.' Bernard and
Oro, and Hlnrlohn' Orchestra. Reserved Seats
2te. Matlnoe Sunday. <^,i v:' - > ;:■ t - > •.
Weelcly;^Callp$i:OO per Year:
AMTJSEMEHTS.
*TIYO£hT
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP.
Matinee a Saturday and Sunday at 2 tharp.
"EYcRY PIECE A PRONOUNCED HIT!"
POLLARDS
AUSTRALIA^
JUVENILE
OPERA CO,
THIS AFTERNOON and EVENING and
NEXT WEEK. Commencing MONDAY.
December Id.
The JoIHeat of All Musical Com«d!*s and the
HU of the Pollard Season.
THE
GEISHA!
With Little DAPHNE PJLLARD
as the Chinamatv
THE CHILDREN SHOULD
NOT MISS ''THIS SHOW.
POPULAR PRICES — 25c, 59c and 75c.
Telcrhons Bush 9. ■' ' ■
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
SAN FRANCISCO SEASON OF GRAND
OPERA Under th* Direction of MR.
MAURICE CRAU.
TO-NlfiHT Sit ft Last Grand Sunday
AT POPULAR PRICES.
"LOHENORf.Vr 1 '
Gadakl and I<ouls* Homer; Dlppel. Hispham.
Muhlmann and Blass. Conductor, Damrosch.
SCALK OF PRICES:
Gallery. Reserved *... ...It txi
Family Circle ;.. t! 00
Orchestra, Rear Rows; Entire Dress Circle. S3 so
Orchestra.- Front Rows ,.%3 to
aeneral Admission, fl. Boxes, |12, |15 and US.
EXTRA FAREWELL. PERFORMANCES,
To-morrow Aft., at 2— Joint appearance of
llm«. Emma Eames and Sembrich.ln Moxart'a
Opera. " LE XOZZB DI FIGARO" (The Mar-
rlag-e of Ftiraro). with an unprecedented cast.
Kames. Fritsl 8cheff and Sembricli; Camp*-
nnrl and Ed do Resxke. Conductor. fcnplUi.
To-morrow Ev'g. at 7:<S. DOUBLE BILL—
"LA nOHEME." Susanne Adam* and Scheff:
De Marrhl. Ferelio, Glllbert and Scottl. Con-
ductor. Seppllll. To be followed by "CAVAL-
LERIA RITSTICANA." Calve. Bridewell; Sal-
iRTiac. Ded^ry. Conductor. Flon. ■ - •
Tuesday - Et'«, Dec. *, at T:«*-"TRISTAN
UND . ISOLDE." LrmlM Reuss-Belce and
Lculs« Homer: Van Dyck. Blspham. Muhl-
mann. RelM. Bars and Ed d« Rcszke. Con-
ductor. Damrosch.
Wednesday Ev'sr. D«e. <. at S— Joint appear-
ance and farewell performance of Mm* Calve
and Mme. Sibyl Sanderson. "CARMEN." Calve
and Sibyl Sanderson; Sallgnac and Scottl. Con-
ductor. Flon. .
Thurs. Aft.. D+c. X. at 1:45— Farewell Matl-
ne«. "TANNHAUSER." Gadskt and R«ua»-
Belce: Dlppel, Blan and Bispham. Conductor.
Damronch. - - •-■. ■ . ■•
Thura. Rv>. Dec. 5. at 7:45— Farewell
NlRht. "l.B.NQZ»B-Ol: FIGARO" (The Mir-
rlnri* of Fbraro). With the name extraordinary
cast an on Monday afternoon. ■ . ,
Prices fnr the Extra Performances. t». $3. |4
and 13. Seats now; on sale at tho Box Office
WEBER PIANOS USED. . •
6RAND OPERA-HOUSE. «!
FRIDAY AFTKRNO0N8. Dec. U and Jan. 10
| VTBREE SYMaraONY CONCERTS 1
Under th« Auspices of the
;v5: SanTnmilsco Symphony Society, rgi
PAUL STBINDORFF, Director)
: iOIULIO MINKTTL Concertmeister. '
,,"■ Orchestra of Fifty-Five Mu«kSan«.
• Subscription Pries for the Bertes. ' S3 50/ n r:
$1 75 and ?l 55. ; , * ""*
8nle Ouenn at Sherman, Clay & Co.'a Mon-
T$\ $!^at t pV in?" JI> " aM l0 * M Satura *>.
•Seats for 8lna-le Concerts. It w. $1, Uc and
'■■:;.„ •'; . MRP. FRGD H. HANSON V *
lisa recovered from h«r recent Indisposition
and will gtv« tha , postponed < ,
. " DRAMATIC RECITAL ■ ,
On TUESDAY RVENINO7 Dec. Sd.-at S-30
o'clock, fltcure tickets at Sherman-Clay Music
• Week Commencing THIS AFTER- •
S NOON, December I. §
• — S w^->« •
• VAUDEVILLE 8
8 REIGNS 8
8 : .'--
0 : A Pcaltive Novelty! # ■
: THEDUMOND §
1 PARISIAN MINSTRELS, I
A Europe's Great Musical Trio. Q
# . First Appearance Hera of : O ■ -
| WERDEN §
::. i\ . Ballad Illuatratora. S
I^IilwfAJADir^i
1 r Granada's Beautiful Singer and Dancer. 9l v
# Return for On« "Week Only, - • '
2 ONLUWTRIO, |
!k The Bensational Equilibrists. q
! ANDY LEWIS SCO. I
Q And U»e "Queen of Bavaria.'* • - ;.",.
lGfSAN?TRAINEF|
§ DOfiS AND CATS. §
A Greatest Animal Act Extant. O
I I
# The Fascinating Illusion Dancer. ®
• 8
Z With tha Latest Moving Pictures. " ■. 0
2 Farewell Week of th«
I KAUFMANN TROUPE, I
A The World'a Toremart Bicyclist* •
S Parquet. 23c, anyse&t; Balcony. 10c; Q
5 Children. 10c. any part except reserved. A
# A few front Orchestra rows re»«rved. 2
# EOc; fronts rows of Balcony, reserved. •
UNION COURSING PARK
J0E5 GRACE. Jt4g«; W8. r. OKACE. Blipjtr.
TO-DAY, SUNDAY - - - December kt
HIGH-CLASS
COURSING EVENTS.
Champion Stakes,
92— NOMINATIONS— 92 , .
$IOOO-TOTAL PURSE-$IOO(l4
. ' "■: TRAE* SERVICE. . " . ,
Leavea Third and Townaend st».. 10:15 a. m..
11 a m., 13 m. and 1 p. m.; Twenty-fifth and ; :
Valencia sts.. live minutes later. Returning at : •:
4:45 p. m. acd after the last course. San / '
Mateo electric cara every alx minutes, V ,..'. ; .
ADMISSION S CENTS. LADIES FREE. />
CHUTES_a^ ZOO
Big Vaudeville Bill!
Including : iV" : . : 'i
FRANCIS LE PAGE: LESLIE BROS.: PAR- <
ENT * LEVET; HATTTE SAVAGE;
CLINTON MONTGOMERT; SHARON *
MERRITT.
: NEW MOVTNO PICTURES.
EDGAR~ROSE,
HIGH^DIVBR.
Thnrsday Night—The Amateurs;
Telephone for 3eata Park a. . '
EDErJAI!
CENTRAL PARK^
ThisAfternooirat 2 O'clock.
SPORT^ASCO,
The Most Fc«?inat!n£ aad Exciting Game
•/ ;■■':<.•).} ■: :r In the World. ■. ; , ■■• : .--i
Tickets) ; issued tor postponed : Thankastvtna; : ;
day game rood -to-day. -■.-■■■. - . • /-.J*-
RACING
Every Week Day—
Wr ■ • ' ' ■■■■■ ' '. Rain «i» Shtae. r r -■■■'■. ; :-',c
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at i:U x>. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 13 m. and
12:30. 1, 1:30, £.2:30 and 3 p. m.. oonnecttnx
with trains stopping tt the entrance tn ta*
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
Isdlea and their «scortsi no smoking. Buy your '
terry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains vU
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenua
electric cara at Seventh and Broadway. Oak*
land. Also all trains via Alameda mols con*
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fcur-
teenth and Broadway. Oakland. These electrlo
cars co direct to the track In flrteen minute*.
Returning— Trains leave the track at «:18 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last mm. ,
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR..*PrtiMent. a
OIAS. F. TRICE. Swy. and Mgr.
PROFESSOR FINDLAY'S
JUVENILE ENTERTAIN-
MENT AND BALL |
At ODD FELIjO"WS* HALL. WEDNESDAY
EVENING. Dec. 4. One hundred and flfty
juvenile artists on the stace In new ■ aonja.
drills, ballets, sroup and solo dance* : of all
nations. Now and elesant costumes and sta*«v :
settlnc made especially for this entertainment.
Prof. Flndlay ia the only tlancinsr master who .:
has won championship medal* for danclns; In .'.;,
Europe and America, and has a repertoire ox . :
over SM ballroom and stage dances.
Entertainment. 8 p. m. : danclnr. I0JO. .
IPALACEand
GRANDHOTELS.
On one side of thesd" macninceat
hotels is th« wholesale ami manu-
facturers' dUtriet— on tha other re» • ■■.,-■
tail 'Stores, clubs, railroad and
.-. newspaper offices, banka and the- .- •
■teraT^ Street cars to alljparta of -;- -■ v ;
■' the dty— depots, ferries ana park*— . <. >
•pass tho entrance.
American • and European plani. . ?..COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Local bank clearings continue to lead last year.
Xr:r York Exchange slaicly recovering.
Silver a fraction oft again.
Wheat futures rather higher. Barley dull.
Oats firmly held. Corn and Rye quiet.
Hay and Feedstuff s very weak. *
Beans dull and pointing downward.
R::-rr Potatoes continue to waken. Onions firm.
Butter and Eggs depressed and declining. Cheese steady.
Poultry^ in ample supply. Game plentiful and iveah.
Xothing vew in Fresh Fruits.
Large sale of old Prunes at San Jose.
Provisions very firm and unsettled.
Wool, Hops and Hides unchanged.
Hegs a fraction lozcer under liberal offerings.
Light trading on the local stock exchanges.
Customs Duties.
Receipts of duties on Imports at the Custom
bocM during the month of November were
ISCUSi rr.aking the total receipts since Jan
uary 1. IC.4S3.36?.
Bank Clearings.
The local bank clearing* during the past I
«eek were lT2.C56.a8. against $3,563,91; during !
th» same week last year. Durln; the month j
r-i November these clearings amounted to J1CS,- ;
JTj 5*?. nrainrt tJ2.2?S.M7 In November. ISO0. '.
The total clearing* since January 1 to date |
•w^re H.072.75D.S61. acainst t?3S,l«2,«*4 during tbe ;
me.* period ia 13CO.
Mint Coinage.
The ■-nJr.ace at the iocal branch Mint during i
the rncr.th of Nm-errher was as foll'.ws: i
«3acls«. I3.44«.OTP: half-easier. IS.t2S.CM, mck'ns \
a t^ta! ct S.'..i«3.onp. arainst S13.1So.«>.<0 durlnc I
N'vccter. V.X>. f.nce July 1 to d-»te. the coin- j
w ti-» anounts to i.V-Ttf.SH, aj:aln»t 133,n:>,S27
ri-Jttat the fan-.t- icrlod in UC0.
■ - — — —^^— j
Prodv.es Exchange Sales.
Pioflut* Es-hanse call ««lcs In November j
were 7?.r'V> tcrs or wheat and 6TC0 tons barley. '
r-fek:r.p tcial silt* for the first five month* of ■
tbe crop year cf 310,«X) tons wheat and 23.400 I
r.-x.s bailey.
Currants. Prunes and Raisins.
Mail a<3vic«» from New York tay:
"Th^ market laft »eek showed great activity
in virtually all th<? leading lines of Imported
fruits and nuts and there was a fair trade In
O^n^Etic dried fruits as well. The features In
<lried rruits were the strength of currants, the
firmer market lor prunes and advances la new
figs and Valencia raisins. Supplies of
Valearians ir.rrcas€<l largely by the arrival of
th* Guildhall, but demand was active both to
arrived and after the cargo got here and tbt
market at the close *-as advanced >ic to 7c.
CaUfatBta raisin* were tracler and rather quiet
vn 1 he whole. Late In the week there warn a
m airily of 4-crc»-n loose muscatels, and fe*
arer* obtainable Saturday at €s.
•■'^urrar.ts cln»ed very flrm at S^TS'ic for
Arr-ilidi and the sUtistical poettlon Is euch
tru.t an advance is quite geseraliy looked for
l«cfore the Christmas holidays. Consumptive
«i» :"fi:.-! continues hea\-y troia all quarters and
»-lc*ijtr» are sti:« running: up to their utmoet
t-ra-tty.
•New Ear.ta Clara prunes were oSered at
the tl^e of the week from f^SSc basis ou
th«> tcast. with holders very firm at those ng
ttrea. Many declined to flit orders under a 3c
t«.^:s. Local buyers, it Is understood, bought
a soo<l many car*. Prunes outside the Santa. ,
Clara V&ltey were still reported available gat- '
urdsy fr.m a :'■,';!:',; basla. altboush oSera
tor ■ ■•>• r~. car« of Visahas at a 2Vic price
turned down by one hc4d«r. On the ether hand.
it i.* t*.;t»<l VlsaJlas were offered by other
h- ' ;• .-.- at that .flgore. Th* trade is much
ctncern»d over the stock of old prunes ccn
tr ; i by the association. There are persirt
<• ■ ruoorm that netrottattons are under way
for the aaie of tb* entire bol<l!nBs to a syndi
cate, a £roup of big ccart packers now being
xr.rr.tioned as dickering for the block. The as
a-xUtlcn. it ts rtated, Mill acka a 2\c bas'.s
let the Hacta Claras. Several cars of Oregon
rran«T. *•■ ■ -. are rT^rted oflerlnc; at leas
t:..n a 'i>..« price of l\c ccast.
California Fruit Groucr.
The California Fruit Grower ha* Issued its
ngular acsual review and harrest edition, artd :
*c ukual !t Is a 9ne piece of wtn-k, both typo
■- -.- ; hi' »!': and statlsUcaUy. It review* the 1
jtr in cttxtai fruitc. dried fruits, deddaour ■
frultf, Ti'.zinr. r.ut?, Iimt, canned goods, aal- ;
:■ -r win*, etc It rives this year's pack of
Mi**** rt-jducts. tor^ther wtth a large anwent
<f ••-.•- intcreMJca- matter, and Is a rs!u
* » «rnrk at relercnce for thocw engaced In
tn»«e !-.:ur.-!'f. •
Fruits and Salmon in England.
::« : reports from London elate that trans
••.tiers in nalm-.-n ba\~e been limited, tut that
I'll' ;•.•••* h«-. » been obtained. In Llverpocl
Ifeas* ts an active Inquiry wtth fairly good
(.r.neumptlve d«m*r.4. Country orders are
tmalJ but nuns»rou». California fruits are dull
and netltcitd, but It Is thought that ther* n:i:
ts> a boom aburtly aa the Cbaocellor of Hit
i.>> r.»-ju»r Is ni*< t»d tn put an extra, Isd on
ruxar. A caantlty cf raln-.on. ■htpp*'<! back to
St«w YtK (nn Knrland. aold reoentlr for
11 M for CoJurcMa Rlv«r 1-lb fiats.
Wcatlier Report.
nZHh Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN rRANCI8CX>. Nov. 30-i p. m.
Th* fctlowlnc »r- tb« a*aaonal ralnfalia to
<at*. es cofspar«r] v.lth thoae of same date
U»t stason. and rainfall In last twenty-four
bocrs:
Lift This Last
Etatlons— 24 Hmir*. 6*«son. Season.
ZUifV.3. (f.«l 10.SS 1S.41
H"i Uluff 0.00 S.ll C.74
Kacraroento 0.00 4.79 C.S'J
h*n Francisco ........ 0.00 4.M s>3
Krer.no 0.<V) l.» t.10
ln<li r-endrnc* 0.W 1.2J 2.W
h-n Luic Oblspo 0.60 4.44 9.94
Los Anc-K r,.t., 2.44 6.73
Ein Di*ro 0.00 0.7S 1.73
f<an FrarinlBco data: Maximum temperature,
V>: minimum, 12; nr-j-n. :>\.
Th* following maxlmcm and minimum tem
r«r«*ures were reported from E»»tern point*:
IJwtoti 2S-29 Omaha &I-49
rtrtrjrmatt M-tt Duluth M-42
v.»:hlnpton 42-3l!Falt Lake City....M-42
J^ckiw^vlll* 61-28' Chicago 42-3S
Kanta* Oty «-4J f-t. Louis «-44
*.-w York 2C-»! 1'hlladHpbla 34-W>
\ THE COAST RECORD.
eTATiorea. 3 ?3?M; Sj £
'■'.'. X '. 9
Astoria »■» C2 44 BE Rain ~Xl
Ttaker M.W 4* 34 fiK Cloudy .VI
'araon 30.34 IA 39 SK Ooudy .Ou
Bmkm 30.H «4 I2 hi; Cloudy T.
Frtrtu, W.2» O 4« .._
yitKKlmtT 39.22 M 24 W Cloud/ .W
'''"atflln. Idaho.. .3A.34 4( 40 SW dear . .11
Ind«i^nd*ncc S0.M «2 4» N Pt Cldy .00
1/x Angcto 3C.f« "4 41 W Pt Cldy .00
Pho-nU.... 5».M *• V* W Clear .t«
Portland fl-O* C2 « HB Rain .«
It'-J Uluff S0.24 :■* ."2 Mi Cloudy .00 1
5t«*«-burg 3O.«« «0 42 8 Ooudy .04
Farramrnto 30.21 82- C2 HE Clear .00
Sj.lt I^iK* 3*».S4 4» 42 W Clear .01
Kan Kranrtflpo 3».W f* i* 6E Koggy .1*
Sm IaiI* (>b<rpo...V).l% 72.64 NW Pt Oldjr .00
tvir. Dlrgo ».04.*0 CC S Clear .»
K«aul#- 2».« U 4$ HB Rain .24
S<j^kane ..2».24 4$ 40 BE Cloudy T.
NVahHay..... '.... .. 4« ...
Wallr \Va1!a M.14 «0 44 KB Cloudy .00
Wlnn-fuooca _M.2s 41 2% W Cloudy .00
Yuru ».«) W 42 N Clear .00
at 7 a. rn.. (I drgreea.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A Th* prerrur* has fallen rapidly durinr the
ft*:* twe]\« hours along tbe cout of Wa»h
lnrt>/ ( Mi.i Orrffun. There Is a marked dis
turbance apparently moving eastward, but 11
will probably ha\e an extension southward
which will cause rain Sunday or Sunday night
over the northern portion of California. South
east «storm warning* are displayed along the
coast from Eureka northward.
The temperature ha« fallen clowly over the
greater portion of California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight December 1:
Northern California— Cloudy unsettled weath~
er Sunday with fcg in the morning and ratu
In the northern portion; fresh southeast wind*
Southern California— Cloudy unsettled weath
er Sunday, with fcg in the morning; conditions
favorable for rain Sunday night; fresh north
cast wind, changing to .outnorly.
Nevada— Fair Sunday, becoming cloudy at '
night; fresh toutheart winds. !
S*n Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy unsettled
weather Sunday, with fcg in the morning atii
prob»bl>- rain by nlnht: fre*h southeast wind.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
• Forecast Official.
j EASTERN, MARKETS.
Nczv York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. SO.— Amalgamated Cop
per chare* mw further vicissitudes to-day and
maintained their Influence on the general mar
ket. The raw copper market* abroad were re
ported Quieter to-day, after yesterday's enor
mous liquidation, and Amalgamated starteJ up
heie. reaching a point above last night's close.
This had a revivifying effect an the long list
and an upward movement began here and
there. These were among the Coalers, hard
and soft; Loutsville and Manhattan. Sugar
was marked up over a point. Then Amalga
mated Copper resumed He recent occupation
ct making new low records and touched 7: ! i
In the couise of the, morning. Very circum
ktantlal assertions were made that large nits
ot copper bad teen contracted for on behalf
of the company at prices materially below the
list price. No official admission of the as?rr
tlons could be secured. Bears covered in the
stock at the decline and It closed at 74H. a net
decline of a point. Brooklyn Rapid Transit
was another iwlnt of acute weakness, with a
Iocs of. nearly 4 points on account of the de
crease In October net earnings caused by the
Increase In operating expense*. The whole
market gave way. led by thwe two stocks,
when the bank, statement appeared. The In
crease in loans and the consequent Increase In
deposits resulted In reducing the surplus over
a million dollars by reason of expanded margin
of requirements. The nrmoru vt foreign cx
chance makee further experts of gold next
we»k Increasingly problcmatic&l. 'ihe final
covering by room shorts made the closing
|riicr« materially better and tba market doted
active and Crts.
Tbc movelbent of prices during the week baa
been somewhat irregular and hesitating and
the promise of. a vigorous .upward movement
has not been realized. There tut>e been srong
spots in the list and only a lew stocks have
suffered marked losses, but the market has
shown the effect to some extent of a recruues
cence of uneasiness over the possible year-end
development* in the 'money market. There
has been realizing- here and there on the pub
lication of anticipated good news and Mwne
selling by disappointed holders over the fail
ure 01 expected rood news to materialize. The
delayed meeting of Vanderbilt railroad direc
tors did not bring the hoped-for announce
ments of the "deal,", of which there baa been
vasue talk lor weeks, and autne of the mem
bers of the sroap suffered in consequence.
Others advanced further and the deirand for
New Tork Central has been continued con
fident on all recessions. Tbe violent and er
ratic fluctuations in Amalgamated Copper have
been «another disturbing Influence. This ftock
rallied sharply oa Monday morning on the de
nial of last Saturday's reports that papers
were preparing against the company In the
Atfbrney General's office In Washington, .but
the opening price. on Monday proved to be the
highest of th« week, and heavy offerings • of
the «har«« have been a feature of the market.
Rumors of a rotntng cut In tbe pric* of copyor
h<re and another vtoUnt break Id tha price of
the metal In London have accompanied the de.
rllne In vplt* of the dentals of the intention
to reduce prices In New York. There tave
been frequent reports of plans formulating fur
Federal »t*ps asalntt the great consolidation!*
of capital, including tbe Northern Securities
<;orni*rjf. The probable attitude to be taken
by President Kooaevelt on this subject In his
rnwtp to Congress has hem much canvassed.
It km accepted as a forecone conclusion that
adtatlon on th«s sub)«ct will have a promi
nent place In the proceedings of the coming
sfision of Conrre*c. .stock* of Industrial com
binations outfMe of Amalgamated Copper have
been tittle aflecteO, owing to counteracting in.
fluence*. Thus Sugar h&s con* up on the hope
of a reduction or abolition of duties .on raw
«|tr from Cuba and the n-w Island ' posses
sion *. Tbe downward course In the foreign **-
change market, which set in late last week.
ha* given place to a sharp recovery, and led
to renewed anxiety over possible gold ex
ports. It appears that New York borrowed In
Paris to some extent during the week, which
helped to ease the market early In the week.
Th« pressure for gold at Paris has obviously
relaxed, hut the price of gold Is advancing
a«atn rn London. If th* Bank of England de
elpes to attract cold In preparation for the
yearly settlements there Is a probability that
it will be able to do so.
There hat been a good demand for bonds
and a rather Irregular price movement. In
United States bonds the new 4s advanced >4
per cent In the Ust call. . . .
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock — Ha1<is High L<tw CIom
Atchlaon T.tM SO n% 7>H
AtchUon pfd 2,«00 100% 1001, lOOt-
Baltimore & Ohio 2,»00 1CH4 ld\ ' 106
Baltimore & Ohio pfd.. ." ..7. UK
Canadian Pacific 3.000 1H'4 113'^ m\
Canada Southern 12.000 *.;% K%' tt'i
Chesapeake & Ohio..... J.CjO «S«4 4iV, 4SH
Chicago A Alton 7m WA M'i 14
Chicago * Alton pfd... «oo 7s 77% 77%
Chi Ind * Louisville... Soo 44 47*4 47C
Chi Ind A Louisville pfd 200 74'* 74H 7«vl
Ch« A. Eastern Illinois. ..?. jj7^
C'hl A Great Western.. 2.000 5M, 24% J4"ji,
Chi A Ot West A pM.. t/M) M MM
Ohl A Gt W««t B pfd.. .... 4«
Ohl A Northwestern 211
Chi Rk Island A Pac.. 1,600 It; 14(U 117
Chi Terra A Trans 300 20 20 MK
Chi Term A Trans pfd 2M 35li 3CU 3«'i
C C C A 8t Louis...... SOO M 87H »*
Colorado bouthern l,3oa i»H u% u*r.
Col> South let pfd....; 1,-7:0 tS'i in n*\
Colo South 2d pfd 200 27'/4 2JU 27U
Delaware A Hudson..... ..... ..... .... i73Vi
l>el Lurk * West 100- 2« 212 2«2
Denver A Rio Grand*.. 100 4J% 45% 44
l>cn A Rio Grande pfd. 100 94 t4 94
Erie »,!00 42H 42 42'i
Erie Is: pfd ............ 3,800 73 72% •jji?
Erie 2d pfd.../ -M9 --Hli 68<1 &»($
Great Northern pfd.... M0< 1JJU I92ii .m
Hocking Valley 1,400 «{; a\t 63«i
Hocking Valley pfd..... 100 %l »2 *2
Illinois Central S0O 110% Hn% iiO'.i
Iowa Central ........ Wi
Iowa Central pfd V» - 7« 7« • 7J
I^ke Erie A Western... 700 72'.; 72ft 71
Lake Erie A west pM.. 100 130 130 130
Louisville * Nashville. S.700 ]0»T4 VH'A JOiTi
ManhatUn Elevated.-. 29,100 1361/, mu jj^i.
Met Rtr«et Railway 7.300 1<S 16J iky.
Mexican Central 1.C00 24*4 24 24U
Mexican National S.200 16U 14% 1S
Minn A Rt I>ouls ..... .... .... 107 •
Missouri Pacific 4,«00 102',; 101^ 101%
Missouri Kansas A Tex. 400 M% 2tu 26U
Missouri Kan A Tex pfd 200 W a k
New Jeney Central.... ..... ...-. ...,-mo
New York Central. 3,700 171«,i 1»« 170'
Norfolk A Western.... 14,200 60H M% «
Norfolk A West pfd.... 700 Sltt »1H tVA
Northern Pacific pfd... 10A ]O0'i 100U ]oou
Ontario A Western 2.900 ail. IS K't
Prnnnylvanla 12,760 1M% 149H ' I43U
Reading zo.wi f.H, &»1 00%
Reading 1st pfd 2,900 K)% SOU : «0«i,
Reading M pfd 11,800 61 ' 60 ,«O14
THE SAN FRANCISCOi CALL, SUNDAYS
Pt Louis & 8 F.. 2,20ft 52^4 51'i 51%
«U Louis & S-F 24 p(d 71Vi 71^ 71^
c. h° u s Southwestern. 800 . 27^ 27 27^
fet Louis Southwest pfd 30ft r,?H C9',t 6»
Tesaa & Pacific $00 41V4 40^t 40*»
Tol Ht Louis & West.. .._ .!„ j"*' i»
T . 01 , st *- & \S'est pfd 31fc
tnlon Pacific .../. 38,000 103% 102<4 103 .
l"nlon Pacific pfd 700 ' 904 90 90
wabash ' 1,400 / l*2«-i Ii-^ zmi
«iJl ba f. n P P.- ~ ' s - ow 40^ 39% <0->J
Wheeling & Lake Krie 18
Whcellns & L E 2d pfd. 30>i
'Wlgconsln Central <G0 :i% »«, mi
Wisconsin Central pM 4'w
Express Companies—
Adamp ............ . ....... ..... «... .... 190
AmericzMi 203
I'nlted States ..- go
W>lls-Fargo 4. ISO
Mtscellaneour— ..' '
Amalgnmated Copper... 1 IS, 500 78 72<i 74
American Car & Fndry. 1.0C0 W A 29 21
Amer Car & Fndry pfd. 400 85U 85 85
American KlriK(-?d Oil... ■ 17
Amer Uni>eed Oil pfd ■. a
Amer Smelting & Ref... 1,500 43 43 44U
Amer Smeltg & Raf pfd. 600 97 ■ flSVi 96'
Anaconda Mining Co.... 6.S0O 31. JM 30U
Brooklyn Rapid Transit 15.100 • 67»» C3«> 6(
Colorado Fuel & Iron...' PCO 93 S3 " O2V4
fcnKoli<l» ted- Uns l,;00 I19»t 21» 'i^u
General Klectrlc 1,500 277U 273^ 276U
Olucose Siigar 200 40 | 39% 39«j
Hocking Coal SCO l»t; 1S ai 19
International Paper 200 21 21 ji
International Paper pfd. 2.1P0 77»i 7«% 77
International Power 3C0 90*4 90H 80U
I.aclede Gaa „ ... gju
National Hi-oult 43
National Lead ...: 100 lS>j 18V4 lS'i
National Salt gov
National Salt pfd 62
North American 93
P » cl .2 c Coast 1.J00 77 76 764
l'tuclnc Mall 300 47 4G% KV.
People's Ga 5,100 99fc 98«i 9314
Pressed Steel Car .... ... «->u,
Pressed Steel Car pfd ... gs
Pullman Palace Car jic
Republic Steel ico Id i«* J 6
Republic Steel p:d...../ »» 8">H 6»% «»u
Suwr J. n.700 126>i 124'4 I2i»;
Tennesi.ee Cosl 4 Iron.. 1.500 6SU «* «4Vi
L n Ion Bag & Paper Co uu
Union Bag & P co pfd T2u
United States Steel 51.W0 iyl H" «
United States Steel pfd. 19.500 94 93«; 931:
western Union SCO OIK 9ju 911I
American Ix>ccmotlve... 4.JC0 3l' 31 31
Amer Locomotive pfd... 1.400 89?i S3U SS'4
Total sales .......433.100
CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2a coup....l0eS Mexican Cent it... Sj£
K«3» rpc ..i0S»i M« Cent l«t lnc..Jl«i
]i ? ?s coup 10s* Minn & St L <»...10JH
U b new 4s reg....l33«i Mo Kami & T 4s...l00>i
Vi c n r. w 4s couP-l 291 * Mo Knns & T 2ds. SUi
JI g oW 4» re» UjS N Y Cent l»t«. .. ". lOT.'i
h 5 . old 4s coup...«2li N Y Cent sen »MB.Wt\
}i " ? re * >"H N J Cent gen (« ..13l0
U Sm coup 107H N Pacific 4s........lO5Vi
Atchlson gen 4s....lO3>; N Pacific Cs 7-»4
Atchison adj 4s.... MTj N &. W eon 4S..V./.10:?
n* u * Sill 0 **y — m Rfadlng Gen 4s.... Ml,
Rait & Ohio 34s... 96*; S L A I M ooa te.liai
B & O conv 4U.....103 S L ft R F 4a 97%
£ an ,* d » •»» M« 103 St V SnM.tern lsts. 97
Cent of C,a 5«. .107 St L Sr.eBt-m 2ds. 79't
C«nt of (iaw inc. 77 S A & A P 4s.7.. 89\
Ches tOhlo 4Hs..lO74 So Pacific <»...;... Jil*
$**? & Alton 54s. W>4 So Railway Ss 120^
C B * Onew in... 98 Tex A Pac lsts.... 20
£ M *4l p Ben is ll2 T tt L & VV 4s.... S3VJ
C * NW con 7e....it:«i ITnlmi Puclflc 4s ...10S«,
C«I* P. <s l<*Ti Union Pac conv tt.W-fr
f" C C * SI. r.n4s.WU Wal&sh lsts ll»
Ch B o Terminal 4s. 31*4 WaUi^n !d« Ill
Colo A 80 <s....... 89% Wabaah deb B 62
g & R O <b inj West Shore 4s 112*
J; r e jrlor lien 4s..ioo«4 Wheel ALE in... 9IH
'■ fl « n '"il 4».... JS>, Wis «>ntral 4« S9*»
■ £ W* D C l*t»...lWS ConsTob 4s M
I Hocking Val 4^.. MS
! MINING STOCKS.
! -*?, aina Co » •••• 181 Little Chief 12
• £ llc< ? 44 Ontario » 50
I nrew* 75 yphir 70
nrunawlek Con 73 Phoenix C7
j Comstock Tunnel...- W Potrs! 02
t Con Cal & Va 1 m Havnze U3
I Iieadwn«4 Terra.... Misicrra Nevada.:.-.... M
( Horn Silver 1 jo. Small Uopes.v 4<»
; Iron Sliver eo'standard T. .-..3 75
Lesd\il> Con i«f
i . noSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money- ,1'Siptbel *,...«
Call loan* ...... t^m^ \U S Steel pf.J.TZ... 93V«
I Time loans 4'sfji Mlnln = - ." 7
Bonds— Ud venture ».»C..'.«,. *)'i
j Atchlson 4S.........102 JaIIoU^x ' I....;.. 4«A
. Ga« lsts si 'TAitmlitamated '73%
I Mexican Cent 4b... SH& (fettle ....... . <|
KB O«« A Coke.. «1 , jniiiKham '.. Hi
Railroads— . [ralumcv & lf<rcla..CS
I Atchlson ............ 79^, OnUnnUl ..:...... 16
; Atchlson pfd ICO14 I'opp^r K:ingr..:... 65 !
\ Ro»ton ic Albany. 2S9 it)omlnlon Coal..... 47
!fc»ion &. Mklne...1iUU l Isle Royale ........ »it;
IJoMon EI<»vat«cL^1« DM I>omlnlon...... is'
N T. N If A II...=13U.«)*ccola . JOU -i
fr.lon Parir.c ...... 102», ; I'arrot ;.:. . j| :
M'xlran Central.... 23V, »^lnry ijo
j Mlscellanwusr- jSanla Fe Copper.. Z\ '
j American Huirar....l24»4!Vamar«ck .....27;
Am Tel A Tel HI Trlii..«'in'.aln 41 •
I»m Iron A Steel. 27HlTrlnltr .7 »
General Electric. ..r« fnlt^l Rtnipj... It
1 W«i>« Klectrift. S4'4 Utah J»
Him E!ec pM...... »4 victoria su,
K. K Oa« A Cok-.. *% Wlnona 3 i
Unitfd Fruit ES Wolverine Li J
Associated Banks' Statement.
NEW TORK, Nov. 30.— The statement of Ih*
Awoclated Hinkn for the week ended to-dnv
•hows: Loans. $S76.1«3.200: Increase. |7.1C«.3O)
Depoclts, $j».«:*..7vi; Increase. $7,711,000. Cli
culatlon. 131.(30.000; Increase. |!S00. Legal len«
drni. . IZ2.335.JX): Increuer, ■ 11,844.400. Specie^
Il7f.l*«;cno;.d«cre«iw. |0»,000. Rriiervea, |5«.-
W1.7W; ln<TniFf. |%o.400. Reserve required,
m>,lf7jl2S; Increase, }l,9S,730, Uurphit, '$13,
414.S75; decreaie, $1,072,360. f
The Financier says: The cash in the banks
will probably b« augmented during the
current week by the receipt from Son
Francisco of anaay office checks repre
senting Australian gold which arrived . at
that port last week. It Is quite possible, how
ever, that the consignees of. this gold, which
consisted of sovereigns, may have ordered the
transfet hither of a portion of the metal by ths
fast mall train with a. vu-w to its shipment to
Europe by the steamers aalling farly In «h«
week. In such case the amount exported would
not count as a lots to the banks, It practically
being gold In transit. The comparatively small
gain to the banks Ust week on the Intel lor
movement of money does not scarcely Imply
that the return flow of currency has been ma
terially checked and It Is believed still to be in
progress from the Weat. It la aald. however, to
bf> too early to look for a movement in volume
from .the South and the- fact that 1389,000 was
transferred to New. Orleans during the week
would Kcm to Indicate that money Is In de
mand, at that' c>Dter for cotton . and perhaps
for sugar. . • , ... .> V -
The. hank Mtatcrnent was more or less de
ranged through th<s Intervention 'of th« Thanks
giving holiday. It seems likely, therefore, that
tha return may have been made up on rl*lng
averages for cash, reneetlns; Friday's receipts
from the Interior. • • • . . . • .
The statement as a whotn neems to Indicate
fairly easy money rates at this center in the
Immediate future. . ■ . .
London Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. 30.— The Commercial A4
vertlaer'a London financial cablegram says:
The stock market to-d«y was quiet and ctendy.
Rio Tlntos opened sit 41H and eloped at (I ii-i«.
although nt one time during the day th»y were
higher. Anaconda dropped to I 11-lK. - The
Metal Exchange was ciotseii to-day.
American stocks were nominally at parities
although nrferaiwere untested. AtchUnn was
the firmest, with spot sales at 82U. Silver re
lapsed to 25%d. :-.-•• • ■.- - .
■-.'■■' ■ ':•• CLOSING. ':■■■,
LONDON, Nov. 30.— Anaconda, CU; Atrhlson
M: Atchlson preferred; 102%; Canadian Pacific'
117; Denver A Itlo Grande, 4«%; Denver and
Rio Grande preferred. 96Ji; Northern Pacific
preferred. 103!*: Southern Pacific; 61«i: Union
Pacific, 10S'4: Union Pacific preferred; »3. Bor
■liver. tb r ;.& per ounce; money, 311 tier cent
HOPS-Faclnc Coast, firm, J(f3 is to £4 6s.
Condition of the' Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Nov. Sn.-To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances «howu: Available
caab balance, 1187.841.164; gold. |1O4.B7»,44O. "
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Nov. W.-FLOUR-Recelpts,
U. "I 10 barrels; export*. | 19. m ■ barrel*; wry
steady, but. jess active, ' Winter, patents, m so
04 X>; wlnUr. straights, $1 40©3 68; Mlnnenota,
bakera*. |2 SO93 20; winter low iraden, , $2 m$
WHEAT~TteoelpU, «J30 ba«he!». Spot qufet i
No. S red. »Hc f. o. 0L afloat; NoT 2 r«d ;
8IU0 elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth 82<ic f
o. b. afloat ; No. 1 hart IHiluth, 88H0 f. o. b'
afuat.' Options opened firm on a scare of local,
shorts tnd better cables; with the weakness In
outside markets. 1 however, unloading promptly
developed . and price* eased off; closed dull and
easy at a -partial Vic net decline. March, S2'4
& 83 3- 16c, cloned 83'/sc; May, 82 5-16©S2%c,
closed 82%c;- December, S0%@81o, clotted 80%c.
. HOPS— Quiet. State, common to choice, 1001
crop, 12©16M;c:-19CO crop, DfpUts; Pacific Coast,
1901 crop. l.'Q15l&c; 1900 crop, 9@14c. -
HIDES— Steady. 1 Galveston, 20 to 23 pounds,
18c: California, -21 to 25 pounds. 19%c; Texas,
dry, H'.4c. •.
WOOL— Quiet. Domestic fleece, 25026C;
Texan. 16<5>17o.
* COFFEK— Spot— Rio. steady. No. 7 invoice,
6T!>c; mild, quiet; Cordova, lV s @\lc. Futures
blosed net • unchanged to 10 points higher.
l-p.les, 13.CC0 bage. Including: December. $6 80®
6 ii5; January, ?6 70; March, |« tt)0« 85: May.
$7 05^*7 10; September, $7 iC.
SUGAR— Raw. steady. Fair reflnlnjr, 3^c:
Centrifugal, 96 test, S»ic: molasses sugar, 3c:
refined, fcteady. No/*, 4.30c; No. 7, 4.20c; No.
8, 4.10c; No. 9, 4.0oc; No. 10, 4.00c; No. 11,
».95c: No. 12. 3.05c; No. 13, *.85c; No. 14, S.75c:
standard A, 3.60c: confectioners/ A, 3. 70c;. mold
A, 5.26c; cutloaf, C/40c; crushed. 6.40c: pow
dered, 5.00c; granulated, 4.90c; cubes, 5.15c.
BUTTER— Rcolpts, 4407 packages. Firm.
State, dairy, t5fc23He; creamery, 16rg25V4c;
June, creameries. JWZZc; factory, 12V4Ql5c.
, EGOS— Receipts, -8775 packages. Quiet. State
and Pennsylvania, L'Sfi'29c; Western, at mark
_4iJ»2Sc: Southern, at mark; 23®27c.
Trailing In the market for evaporated apples
was slow to-day, which Is usual on Saturday.
State, common to good, 6ft8Hc; prime, ittPlc
choice. 3V,©D?ic; fancy, 10@ lO'/ic. :
California dried fruits were dull.
PRUNES— 33 fip7c.
APRICOTS— Royal, SV&@13c; Moorpark 8©
He. »r
PEACHES— Peeled, 11618c; unpeeled, G«j:9^c
Chicago Grain Market.
'CHICAGO, Nov. 30.— Wheat ruled moderately
active and started -out with the bull Impetus
left over from yesterday. December opened
Utt'/4c higher at 73 1 / i<573&c O n higher cabics.
Profit-taking in view of December deliveries
Monday began at once. . Selling waa mostly on
the part 01 locals, while commUulon houses
took up all that was offered. Dry weather In
fluenced steady prices In the face of heavy re
ceipts and selling by St. Louis and New York.
Gradually the market slipped off until De
cember void down to 72?t®7;:c Shorts at this
figure covered and prices ruacted slightly. De
cember closed easy, ',iWUc down, at 73^73V«c.
Trade tn the corn pit was slack, with a some
what general disposition to take profits. There
wa a a slight rally at thu end. but December
clubed weak, "i&U-c lower, at Me.
Speculative trade in oats wss of small vol
ume. December closed weak, fie lower at
421,4c. ■ •
Provisions were fairly active and easier.
Pork closed 6c down, lard unchanged and rib»
unchanged.
The itRciing futures ranged as follows:
ArMclea— Open.' High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— .
November .... .... 7314
December 73»4 73J4 727i TjS
May 77* 77H 76?! 77
Corn No. I—
November g]
December 62H, 62% 81\ 62
May 63 ' 65V» 6l\i 64*i
July • «<"» 6i% 64H 64!i
Oats No. 2—
December 424 '■ 42V& 42 4Vk
Way ••"U «*t 43 «i;
July 39 39 58?; ZS*i
Mess I'ork. per barrtT—
January 16 40 16 4) 16 15 16 22>i
May. 16 72(i 16 77£ IS 45 U CO
Lard, jwr ICO pounds-
December »;•■• CC 9 iV'i 9 .15 9 5714
January 9 37'i 9 57H 9 50 9 S5
May 9 «3 9 70 9 60 9 «2U
Short Ribs, per WO pounds—
January IC 8 43 - I 324 8 S7U
May . ..:v.r.y;. 8 57U 8 62tj S 50 S 82v£
rash quotatlona were as follows:
Flour, 'firm; winter patents. 13 £0^3 60'
straights. SJtf3 40: clears. SI 7O£T3 211; sprlnic fine.
clals. »<©! 10; patents. 13 3S^3 70; stralRhts.
*2 SOP'S 70; No. S uprlng wheat, SSVsft'lc; No. 2
re<l, 7»Hff77*«c; No. 1 yellow corn. 6t'^r: No %
oat«. 4J'ic: No. 3 white. 41V4c: No. 3 white. 45
$I5?4c; No. 2 rj'e. 60ij60i4c: fair to choice malt-
Ing l>arley, 55fl63<?: No. 1 flsx seed, \\ 40; No. 1
Northwestern. IIM9: prime timothy seed. $6 2."i«l
6 30: me** pork, per bnrrel. 115 l."ffi:> 25; lard,
per 1C0 rounds, |9 W-af? tt>: short ribs sides
1 1". if*"). $S 2SQS 45: dry salted shoulders (boxed).
7 1 i«7Hc; short clear sidrs (boxed), $S 7o<jg m;
whisky, basin of high wines, fl 30; clover, con
trnct gradp, P.
Articles— Receipts. Shipment*.
Flour, barrels *s.<w si 000
Wheat, buitliels 1S2.404 H9.0on
Corn, bushels 112.000 21O.r»)O
Oatt. bushels m.0Vi ■ 617 G0>'
Hye.bunhela 1H.00O :
Barley, bushels 123,000 13.001
pn the Produce Exchange to-day the Buttrr
mnrket was firm. Creameriti". 14*f24iic; Dai
ries, 13O20C. Cheese, steady, SUQ-MUc. Esx».
firm, fresh Sic.
.'K ■■ ■'■■
i /foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL
Wheat— t>«e. March.
Opening 5 IO«i 5 11%
Cloning 3 10% mi;,
PARIS.
Wheat— Nov. Mar-Tune.
Opening :iH 22 «0
•l»ln« .......2175 23 60
Flour—
Opcnlns 77 If, ' 2* V<
Clown* « 45 » 60
Eastern Livestock Market
CHICAGO.
-CHICAGO. No\'. 30.— CATTLE— Receipts. S0O;
Steady: ci.od to prlrrfe, %*Qi 40; atorkers and
feeders, UtH 3-': cows. |1 KC2 75; heifers, $1 SO
<«2 73; Texts fed steers, U 7S; canners. |1 259
3; bull*. MQi-.l: calves, J2 W»5.
HOUR— Receipt* to-riny. 2S.0>«; Mon'lay. «,'.
noo: left ?v«r 4^X>: lv'uV< higher; mixed ani
butcher*. IS 70*}8 20; good to choice heavy. |3$
6; llcht. 15 liVi 73: bulk of sales. SS 70tt6.
SHKKP— n»<relp»s. 2000; nhfrp and lambs
steady: good to choice wethers, IS MVI Zi; fair
to rhoire mixed. Si 7W3 WJ uiiUv Isnibs, $: 00
0130; Western lambo. t!.WilH. ■
HT. JOSEPH. ■
»T. JOSEPH. Mo.. Nov. JO.— CATTLE— Re
ceipt*. 3M; market ateady: natives. 12 £tti?:
cn«a ond heifers. It 3S*]» Sd: v«nls. $2 60®Z ;>;
bulls nn'l stas^ $2 2J3J; itockem and fecdera,
tl 7294 21.
HOGS— Receipt*. 11.000: lCfllDc hlrher: light
and IIkIii. inUr-l, 15 *M>* 03; nieulum utid henvy,
t~'< 2T.fi a 70; pigs. $3 .'««(£.
SHEEP— Receipts. IM; strong; top lain'.w.
tl 7u; top wether*. P 75.
Nr>v York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. 30.— While nt) further
chang* oecured In tin at New Tork • to-<l.-»y.
the market was very unsettled and decldedly
In buyern' favor, helped atonr; by prlvatn
rabies from abroad, which ■Indicated a further
decline there on the curb. At the close. here
spot Un wns quoted at I2SO31 M. -
Ccpper displayed little aniniMtlon and closed
quiet, with lake quoted at.|!8 S5{717 and cast
ing at |H 37V41M« W- . .
l>«ad was dull at S4 S7«-i,
Spelter waa nominally meady at 14 30. .
Iron ruled quite featureless,, hut had a Hteady
un<lcrtcne. Plelron wurranls 110 ,WM1 (0; No.
1 foundry, SU>S>16; No. 2 foundry. Southern, 114
<!rl5: No. 1 foundry, Southern. 114 COQU M; No.
1 foundry. Southern, soft, 114 SO*fl«. .
Nc7V York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. M.-COTTON-Closed
quiet end steady: prices 4£6 points lower..
Exports and Imports.
' NEW YORK. Nov. 30.— Th# Impnrtt of rpecle
this week were $11,947 gold nnd $3662 silver.
The exports of suecla from thin port to all
countrtr* for the week aggregated $270,702 geld
and *1.O37.MO silver.
'Hi" Import* of dry Kucris and merchandise nt
the port of New York this week ware valued
at $11,721,229. , •
London Wool Sales.
LONDON. Nov. 20.— The offcrbffcs at thi w.opl
auction sales to-day numbered 13.90$ bai»».
Th« wool was of good quality and Included a.
Unto supply of new, clip. Prices were gen
erally steady. Crossbred* rold well. Cape of
Good Hope and Nntiil superior creasy was In
good demand.. Inferior grades were slaw.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND," Nov SO.-Clearlngs, »08,«47; bal.
ances, 126,000. ' ' ' . 1 ' • ~ •• ■ \ •
; TACOMA'S BU8INESS. ' .
TACOMA. Nov. SO.-Clcarlngs, |18S,Wa; bal
ances, |15,2$7. ■ : ' ,• ; ■ "s?--, ; .- :.-
Northern, Wheat Market.
OREGON/
PORTLAND. Nov. 30.— WHRAT— Walla WaU
la. 60c: 'Blue Stem, We.
WASHINGTON.
.TACOMA, • Nov.' < 80.— WHEAT— Unchanged:
ateady. B Blue Stem, B9Ho; Club, 6SHc. . >
Fqreign Markets.
■ LONDON., Nov. 30.— Consols. ;92U;, silver,
2Mid ; , French rentes, lOlf -- SlVic; cargoea .on
passage,' rather firmer; cargoes No. 1 standard
California.' 28a 4Ud: cargoes Walla Walla. 23a;
English country markets, .firm.. vz>n. -a
LIVERPOOT^, Nov.- 80.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
atandard C/illfornla, '•••• ll%d(!J!6a; wheat in
Paris, firm; flour in Paris, easy; French coun-
try markets, steady; weather. In England, fine.
cotton— uplands. 4 n-32d. ;;., :v ;*
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and 'Bullion.
New York Exchange advanced. ,
Sterling Exchange. 60 days...... — . $< 84%
Sterling Exchange, sight •—••■ .4 88
Rterlin* Cables — 489
New York Exchange, sight...... — .,'.-. . - 02>4
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 05
Silver, oer ounce ?.........." •— '' 'K
Mexican Dollar*, nominal «V4 • «*%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Firmness characterized the foreign
markets' and' Paris and Liverpool futures were
higher. -
Chicago was active at an advance, but sell
ers predominated, particularly., in {December.
The coarse grains were easier and the spot de
mand was less urgent. The tendency In Wheat
was upward, In consequence of the general con
fidence In prices. JVlrea to Bolton, De Ruyter
A Co. said that Northwestern stocks Increased
during the week about 1.600.0CO bushels, and
that another large increase In the visible sup
ply Is expected to-morrow. Great Britain and
the Continent both report extenalve feeding of
Wheat to stock. The strength In Wheat Is
largely sympathetic with the - firmness ' in
coarse grains. Minneapolis stocks Increased
1.1S9.S0O bushels, and Duluth stocks GOO.CCO
bushels during- the week. Speculation at Chi
cairo was fairly active.
This market was fractionally higher, both on
and off call.
Spot Wheat-Shipplns, |1@1 Ol^i: milling,
|1 O«'W@1 05 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:U o'clock— No sales-.
Second Session— December— 14.0CO ctls, II COU.
May— 20.COO. $1 05»4.
Regular Morning Session— December— 38,000
ctlH. II 00^. May— 20C0, 11 05Vi ; 2000, 11 OS',4.
BARLEY— Previous prlcea rule tor all de
ncrlptlons. The market continues dull and
rominal. • •■ . .
Feed. 73*4^750" for choice bright, 72Hc for No.
1 and 70? for on* grades: hrewine and sh'-»ptng
trades. TUi US*; >;.•:; Chevalier, hue©;) per cU.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— *:15 o'clock— No sales.' •
-Second SegJlon— No »n]e*. • -
Regular Morning 'SeH«lon— Decomber— J000 ctla,
7214c.
Afternoon Session— May — 40C0 ctie, 73Vie.
OATS— Chicago reported a falling off in spec
ulation, but aa an offset there were enormous
shipments of 617,777 bushels, or 401,000 bushels
more than the receipts.
The San Francisco market continued firmly
hold, red being eupccallly strong, though trade
was narrow. Grays, II 10{U 22tfc:. whites. U 15
©127',i; Surprise. $130^122^: black. I1Q1 i<).
and red. II Wj'al IT'.i per ctl for feed and (1 20
(U 1 30 for seed.
CORN— The Chicago market was easier, the
demand being diverted from Corn to Wheat.
Prices were several fraeUonn lower.
The San Franclnco market wac quiet and un
changed, as followo: rSpot-Large yellow, $1 33
JJt37',i; white, UC^fpn:* To arrive— fl V^i
1 32<* per Ctl for all kinds, according to dry
ness.
RYE— Steady, but quiet at 7567C!ic per ctl.
UL'CKWULAT-guulrri at fl oi per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras. $3 litf
3 60. usual terms: Bakers' Extras. 13 1:03 25;
Oregon, t- S0#2 75 per barrel for family aril
12 7j$3 fur Bakers'; WanhiDKton bakers', sz 75
MILLSTIJFFS-Prices In sacks arc ss fol
lows, usuui discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. *3 per 10O lbs: R>« Flour. ■ t! 75; Rye
Meal. 12 50: Rice Flour. |7; Corn Meal. |3 »;
extra cream do, H: Ont Oroats. IS; Hominy.
J4tJ4 25; IlurkwheHt Flour, inn rj: | Cracked
%NT«»t. »3 50; Carina. W M: Wholo Wheat
Flour. 13 ZS; Rolled Oat« (barreN), in $i@s 35;
In »ackt. »< M)3S: Pearl Barley. $i; Split ,J»eai.
|j; Gretn Peas. U 10 per Ito pounds.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Everything under thin head la soft.' oninc
largely to- th<: warm rainy, which are producing
a luxuriant growth of gmes almost every
where. Prices, however, bhow no further de
cline. Receipts of Hay are not excessive, but
are more than enough to go around. In view
of the light demand. Bran and Middlings arc
especially wtab. . . , ,
BKAN— tv> iMVH in per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17&1» 00 per ton.
FEEDSTIJFKS-Hqlled barley. per ton-
Oilcake Meal at the mill. t27tfM:.jGhb!ng. |;s to
€28; Cocoanut Cake, KUOSt; Cofn .M*»i, jji i.)
«32; Cracked Corn/ «2f;3i W; Uix«d FeedV |is
ki 17. i .• *< , . ■
HAY— Wheat. 13011: fancy. Ill M>j?ij : Wheat
and Oat. t-*/r.: Oat. {7610: Barley and Oat
|7<j': AHslfa. $i©0 50: Clover. *Mr7r Volun
-t»eri I* M(«i5: Stock. Mtr?~fwr tom« 1- - • •
6TRAW-»«f;Uc per bale. 1 ;: : '
Beans, and I Seeds.
Lima Beans are declining under liberal offer-
Ings, and* there are some other wltsht varia
tions, «b will be seen. The general feeling Is
weak, and there are more scllerfe than buy
er*. Receipts are moderate, r • ■ '.
Flaxse*?! continues to arrive from the north
In large quar.tltlen. • - •"...-•
DK.\N(»-Bayo». $5 33©* W: Small White. 12 73
*iZ IS; L«ree WMie. « SOff3: Pe«. {;;.&* 4 •
Pink, •*! 75^2; Ked. J2 00SS; . Kluckeyc. MJ'fr'
3 70; Liman, «!Ce<M; Red Kidneys. J3>kQ|
ifr ctl. . f
SEEDS— Trieste Muvtanl. «fir3 13; Yellow
Muntard. W?S#j3Jft: Flax. 12 «a&3 25; Canary.
SiiffJHo for Kattem: AUalfa, from Utah. »'ic
ltupe. lUOl*ic: Hemp. J^c per Ib.
DK1KU l"UAS-Nil«a. II 5fti©2; Cieeo. II 74
©2 2J per ctl. .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
River Potatoe* continue very weak, and the
whurvea are loaded with irct-umulated retrtlrta.
The other d*ntr!ptlons stand abuut the aar.ie.
theugh the whola market Is more or lees weak.
Onlonts Pile firm, and: $173 lit now about the
lowest figure for nnylhlnr merchantable.
String Beanto «r» it*«dy and In fair demand.
Limns are »carce. VCrren Peas are firm: To
matoes continue to have a wldge range. accord-
Ing to quality. Th- other Vegetables remain
about z* before. \ /
POTATOr:s-75c<etl for Burbfcnksf from the
river: £nlln** Hurh.ir.k-. ti»ijji«O: •ir»R.,a
Burlmnkn. »1 2JJT1 SO; ISIv#r Reds. Jl 31»1 Sf>;
«weets. »8»iic icr Uivtr« «nd ;^m iur M«r
1 ONIONB-ll 7itT= 25 per ctl; Oregpn>, |2 25;
P)rH«. OtiloM*.- <i>c lier'ftl. ; ' ■■ 'I ■■■-■'-.•• ■ •■ .
VKCiKTAHLKS-GreciT IVas. ff»6o; Los An^
gelen do. 3«6c: fctrlni: Means. 4$Sc;Lue Angela
do. B«*. *o ; I. linn-. uUtfr : i;«hl>age. JOtgiOe p»r
ctl: Tomatoea from. Alam«W, E«7oc; Dried
Peppers, mtfisr: -Dried Okra. 12V4e2"c per Ib*
Cnrrots. Zoff&o i*r sack; CucumbeY*. MGTSc:
Pickles. 2'-w.»c r*r Ib ror amull und l^HJc for
largr: Garlic, IU92Hcu Green Peppers, 40»S0c
per box ■ for Chile and 4C©J0c for Bell; Erg
Plant. 40>rJ50c per -box; Summer Squash, 1125;
Los Ancele* do. — — ; Marrowfat Squash, IS
V l« per ton; Hubbard S<]uash. IStftt; Mush
rooms 5312Vic per In.
Poultry and Game.
Thrr* was a co<>d demand for Dressed Tur
keys, mid as receipts were light they brought
a smrtll advance. . Otherwise Poultry was un
changed, thouch receiptE were unusually large
for Saturday > - • : ... ■ ■ '■■ • ..'■■'■'■■ . ; '. ■■:',
O.xine wan lower, as rcr;lnis were liberal,
there v/rs a l.irge carry-over stock, ami mokt
of. the ofTeringG were Ulnteil or sour/ The pre.
vailing warm, close weather U Hgalnst game.
A car ot Eaxtern Poultry Is announced for
to-morrow. .... ■. .. • » ' ••
POULTRY — DreMed Turkeys, 17fl-20c: Live
Turkeys HftlSc for Gobblers and lift, for
llen»; ueete, per pair, tl JOlrl 76: Goslings,
tl 7Jft2: Ducks. |l w/ii for old and 1 $405 for
young; Hens. $3 60S* 50; youn* Roosters, lift
4 CO: old Roosters, 1134 TA; Fryers, S3 60C4:
Krclier*. 13 S0Q4 for large and 131/3 so for
small: Plgeonn. I1©1 2S per dosen for old and
II 7.*.<I5i2 for Squab*. • • , •■ ..-,'■', j
GAME— l>ove». per doten. 7Se; Marc, 11 2.'.;
Raliblts, Si uo for Cottontails and $1 for Brush:
AlMlUrJ. W:l: CanvaNhack. $1 &0«3: Sprig,
II MtflM; Toal, 73ctrMR; Widgeon/ $1; Small
Dinks, tl: Black Jacks, fl; English ttalp*. 12;
Jnck Pnlpe. 1180: Gray Geese. S3: White
Ge«as. I1©1 CO; Brant, HO2 per 'dosen; Honk
ers, I4©6. ■:. ■-.,■■ — ■-' .■■',.•.•.-■..-•■'-■
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
f The weakness In Butter continues. Th» E*»
change "lopped another cent off of all grades
and outatde dialers were .' also quoting a dc
prcHsed market, - with I largo : stocks and : more
sellers, than buyers. - ' .'■ ■; .'. ■'■.-;. .
Cheese continue* steady and unchanged.
Eggo are extremely weak and 40c is now the
top for th« t«at ranch, with plenty offering at
37lic. . Stocks are accumulating, as the de
mand fell of sharply immediately after
Thanksgiving. A further sharp drop In quo
tations Ms expected to-morrow. • •. .^ . .,
Receipts were< 19.200 pounds of Battery——
pounds of, Eastern Butter. 483 cases of Eggs,
390 caaes of Eastern Eggs, 1 10,400 : pounds of
California Cheese and 34,080 pounds of Eastern
Cheese. ■-■-'■■■-■ ':''■■'.. ■■:■■■ ■ . -. -■.,-. ■ • . •- .-»..■
BUTTKR— Creamery, 33<9tSo per Ib for fan«?y
and 20©22c for . seconds: dairy. l7HQ20o: storu
Butter, 1S4917O p*r Ib; Creamery Tub, tVQltSic,
Pickled Roll. 19*l20c: Keg. ISOlSo per Ib.
, CKKE8JS— New, 12913c; *OId. fmo; Young
America, 13Ho per Ib: Eastern. 13»iEp.
KOGS— Ranch, 40c for selected large, 37039c
for good < to choice and 35©36o for fair; store,
Z5O30O per dozen; cold ' storage, • 20927V*c; East
ern. 18©27Ho. ..,-^ ,',.>:. r., :•■::.«- ■.■.:fefi^
I Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Good 'strawberries were scarce and sold well,
though some berries that should have arrived
Friday. were sold at $1 per cheat.
.Grapes were quoted very. weak. ■< There were
no small packages from Santa Crux, and
stocks consisted mainly of carried over lots."
There was no ■hipping demand. Large pack
ages from Martinez were In light receipt, but
these good* have lately been accumulating and
several tons sold for wine at $20 per ton. Sales
to the trade were at 7Sc@»l 24 per box. . -
Oranges, Lemons and Limes ml* weak at
previous quotations. . ' . ,
Apples are In larger supply and weak, but
no lower. -V
DECIDUOUS FBUIT&
APPLES— 11 M@l 75 per box for extra. 73cO
II 25 for good to choice and S5085c for ordinary:
Lady Apples. $1@2; Slsklyoo Apple*. |1»I. . , ,
POMEGRANATE8— $1 25 per box.
PEARS- Winter kinds, $101 75 per box.
QUINCES-2505OO per box.
PERSIMMON8— 40©83c per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $9©13 per chest for Long
worths and I3(f?5 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— M©7 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— 14(38 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— Nominal.
CRANBERRIES— Eastern. 110® 11 ?per bar
rel; Coos Bay, $.1 per box.
FIGS— Black. CO075C per box. ' .
GRAPES— VordeT*. 2£®«6c per box; Tokay. «5
©75c: Black. ZZiifMc: Corntchons, 25Q65C.
CITRUS FRUIT— Navel Orangeu. U 6001 73
for standards. $1 7303 25 for choice and $3 SO
for fancy; Seedlings, $101 SO; Tangerines.
$101 25; Japanese Mandarins. $1 50® 1 75; Lem
ons, flAl 60 for common and $203 50 for good
to choice; Grape Fruit. $1 5003 60; Mexican
Limes, $1; Bananas, »2fi2 75 per bunch for New
Orleans and $193 for Hawaiian; PI nappies. $3
04 per dozen. 1
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
1 A large sale of old Prunes held by the San
Jose Association is reported. The exact quan-
I tlty Is not known, but local dealers say that
It Is less than reported tn the preea dispatches.
The only definite thing known about it ls«that
It waa a round sale, and Imparts more tone
to the Prune market, which has lately been
looking up a little both here and In the East.
The other fruits are quiet and unchanged,
though evaporated Apples and pitted Plums
continue firm. '
FRUITS— Apricots. 7®S',£c for Royals and S4>
13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated APPles. 708Hc; sun-dried. 2%8*tt«:
Peaches. 507Kc; Pears. 4®8c; Plums, pitted. *M
66c; unpltted. 162c; Nectarines, 5<35H for red
and 5tt<?«ttc for white; Figs. 2<3>:<ic for black.
I PRUNES- N«w crop are quoted as follows:
«M0's. S>49JHc: 40-50'a. l%@3c; S0-C0's. *%Q
V/td 60-70'h. S14«4c; 70-80"8, JiiC^c; 80-M's, 2%
©3c: W-100's. 2!4®2>,iC per Ib.
RAISINS— (Price per 2Mb box): Clusters-
Imperial. S3; Dehesa. 12 60; fancy. II 73; 4
crowr. II 60; London Layers— Three-crown.
II SO; two-crown. II 10. Price per Ib: Standard
loose Muscatels — Four-crown, 44«c: three
crown i Vic: two-crown, 3^ic; Seedless Musca
tels, iVtc; 8«edless Sultanas, S'.^c; Thompson
Seedless. VAc; Bleached Sultanas— Fancy. 8'4c;
rholce. 7%c; standard. 6'^c; prime. 5^ic: un
blearhcl Sultanas. 5c. Bleached Thompson's —
Extra fancy, lie; fancy. 10c; choice. 9c; stan
dard. 7',4c: prime, me. Fancy needed. (Vie;
• choice, seeded. STic.
' NUTS— Chestnuts, lOftlSH*: 'Walnnt^ Na. 1
r softshell. »V»c; No. 2, Ihic: No. 1 hardshell. 9c:
No. 2 7c: Almonds. Il#-12c for papershell. 9®
We for sof tfhell and 64}7c tor hardshell ; Pea
nut*. 5€~c for Eastern: Brasil Nuts. 129124c:
I Filb'ita, i:&12'.ic; Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts.
is bmo.
HONET— Comb. 12«M2£e for bright and 1019
HHc f«»r light amber: water white extracted.
541 6f. ll^ht amber extracted. 4®5c; dark. 4c.
BEESWAX-23«j:3c per Ib.
Provisions.
Chicago opened' with a sharp advance, but
the market weakened and fell back. Outsid?
sp«^ulatlve trade forms the chief nuonort of
the market, and the packers are the principal
tellers, m»lnly of accumulating uroducts. It
looks a» If the packers were giving quotations
a boost to enable them to work off their ac
cumulated ctcck.
Th-* San Francisco branch of a Chicago
nova* has been notified to mark up Ham:-.
Hacon tnd Lard Vic to-morrow and will do so.
The advance will not be general, however, as
njost 6f the other local bouses da not sse their
way to make an advance Just now. though
they say that they will probably have to come
to It before lone, as the feeling Is very firm,
with light stocks.
OURKI) MliATF— Bacon. lHie per Ib for
b*avy. l*c f«jr light m-dluro. 13c for light.
J<c for extra light and HHc for sugar-cured;
Kastern sugar-cured Harps. 13c; California
Hums. 12Wc: M«w» I>ef. flOtJIO 50 per barrel:
extra Me**. Mi»ll :<!: Family. !12ftl2 CO: prime
Mw? Pork. 115: extra clear. S22 i0«3; Mess,
J1S BCflU: Fmoked Bewf. 13Hf»14c per Ib.
I,ARD- Tiefe*. quoted at «c per Ib for
compound and lie for pore: half barrels, pure.
llUc: 10-lb tins. U%c; 5-lb tins. ll%c; 3-lb tins.
12c.
COTTOLENK— One half-barrel. 10'4c: three
half-barrel*. lCc; nne tierce. 9Tic: two tierces.
»-\c: flv« tierces. Wic per Ib.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
All descriptions urrfer this head remain nn
chanred.
HIDES AND BKIN'?»-Cul[« and brands sell
about. lUc under quotations. Heavy salted
Irteera. lie: ■ medium. We; light. Sc: Cow
Hides. »%€ for heavy and »c fcr light:
Stags. 7c; Baited Kip. SHc; Baited Veal. 10c;
Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 16H(J17c: Culls.
15c: Dry Kip. 15c; Dry Catt. 11©19c; Cull* and
Brand". lSGlCc: «heep«ktn«, fbearllngs, 13Sfr.Cc
each-ohort Wool. 404C0r> each: medium. ROv?
;;c; kn? Wi'O!, McflJl 10 each: Horse Hides.
»alt »t Z&Q- 75 for latr« and j:s: K for me
<Jiutii. II 75 for and 60c for Colts: H-?rse
Hi.jf j. dry. II 75 for lance. )1 VjQI s* for me
dium. II 2a for small and GOo for Colts. Deer
tklne— Summer or r*H aklns, Kc; fall or. me
dium »fcln«. 39c: winter or thin skins. 20c. Goat
sknia—Frlma Angoras. Tic: large and smooth.
Me: m-dium. JSc. ■
TALLOW-No. 1 r«nder<Kl.- Se per Ib: No. s.
4>,tO5c: grease. 5c.
WOOL—Spring. IK0 to 19"l- Southern, defec
tive. 7 rnonthi. 7ff$c: Oregcp Valley fine. 13$
15c; do. medium nnd coarse. HQi:c: Oregon.
F»!"l*rn. rhslce. llfflJc: do, fair to good. 9Q
li<?: Xevada. lO^IIe.
Fall— San Joaquln. C'-iSs'^e; San Jciquin
ljiiiifc* 1 . 7H«»c: MUMle Count>. S«l<V- : North
ern Mountain, fre*. *fiU>ci do. defective. SQie:
Huinbnldt jn<l M«ni)ocino. :i«i:r per 1b.
HOP?—J'51 r c for fair and 1\{H2? p«r Ib for
rood to choice.
5"<j/»s Francisco Meat Market.
Ho** are asaln a fraction -weaker under lib
eral offcrlns*. The other m:ats are unchanjed.
Wholesale rates from fclaushterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 0©7c for Steers and S3«o per Ib for
Cowe.
VBA1*— Large. iHffSHc: amall. S83c per Ib.
MUTTCN— Wrthera. 787He; Ewes. «>j©7c Fer
pound.
l.AMP.-SftSVJc r*r lb>
POUK— Uve Hog*, from ISO to 23rt Ihs. 5»j^
6\c: under 1M Iba. SUfii'ic: noi\-», 2f> per cent
off. hears 30 per cent off and star* 40 per cent
off fmm th* alove quotations; dres»ed Uogs,
7laCS>ic. . : ■. ' • ■ .■ ,
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BACS-Calcutta Grain Bag*. 7c: local
make Kc !•>* than Calruttas: Wool Bags. 33
©35c; Fle#e« Twine. 74Q8o; Fruit Bags. 6»;tJ
t'4o for cotton and 7©7Hc for Jut«.
COAL— Wellington, 13 per ton: Southfleld
Wellington. $): Seattle. 17; Bryant, i* 60; Cw«»
Bay. »5 M; Wallsend. $3 50: Co-op«ratlve Walla*
end. 13 60; Cumberland. $12 In bulk and £13 23
In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite E*g. |U;
Cannel. Ill P*r ton: Coke. $U per tin In balk
and 317 in racks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
IS l- per 2000 lbs and IS SO per ton, according- to
br mCE-Chlna. Ntv 2. $M2V4*r« 1.1: No. 1. U 70
AIM: extra, »i 20©- 60: Japanese. $.", 2iig<;
Louisiana. 14 25©« W; Hawaiian. 14 50.
O1T.S— Cr.lliornla Custor Oil, in cases. Now 1.
7Cc; pur*. *1 20; l.tna^ed Oil. In barrels, boiled.
70c: raw. t$c; canes. Co more: Lucol, 60cfor
tolled and 8Sc Cor raw In barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels, 15c; cases, JOc;
China Nut. SB972c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot,
in barrels. 70c: cases. 73c; Sperm, pure. 65c;
Whale Oil. natural white. 40043c per gallon;
Ktah Oil. barrels, 87>4c: canes. 42Hc: Cooaanut
Oil. barrelt). iQ'.-lc for Ceylon and iS'ic for Aus
*r cOAl» OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
•juc: Pearl Oil. In cases, :0c; Astral, 20c; Star,
30c; Extra Star. 24c; KUine. 23c: Eocene, re;
deodorised stove Gasoline. In bulk; 15c; In
cases, Zltte; Ben*ine. In bulk. 14c; In cases.
XOVtc; S«-degree Gasoline, In bulk. 20c; In cam**.
nv-c. ~ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ •
TURPENTINE—U%c per gallon tn cases and
62c In drums and Iron barrels, .
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Con*
puny quotes, per Ib; In 100-lb bags.
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed. 4. SOc; Pow
dered, 7 4.(So: Candy Granulated, 4.CSc; Dry
Granulated. 4.E5c: Confectioners' A. 4. 55c: Fruit
Granulated. 4.t5c: B*et Granulated (100-lb bags
iHily). 4.4Sc: Magnolia A. 4.15c: Extra C. 4.05c;
Gold»n C, I.I6c ; D, 1.85c; barrels, 10c more;
half-barrels. 25c more; boxes. Me more; Mf-lb
bags. 10c more. No orders taken, for less than
7S barrels * or It* equivalent. Demlnoa, half
barrels. 6.OC0: boxes, -6.30c per Ib. No orders
for granulated will be taken that consist of
moro than 60 per cent of Beet Sugar.
Receipts of Produce. *
i FOR SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 3flL
Flour, qr sks... '.. IP. 313 Chicory, bbls ... »s
Whent, ctla ........1U.M3 Shorts, aka ..... VjI
Uarley. ctls ...;. 68.6SJ Pelts, bdla ...... r{
Ottt». ctls ........ -W0 Hld«a. No ' ti;
B«*jis. ska ....... 1,931 Leather, rolls ... ,"*i
Corn, ctla , U0 Wine, gals 47 mo
Hay. tona ....... -M0 Tallow. :ctla '«u
Potatoes, sks ,*.. i.<43(Rugar, ctls ...... goo
Onions, ska 22ft 'Quicksilver, risks ' 20
Middlings, ski .. 323jWool. ska ....... m
Bran, sks ....... MJOlRaJatna, bxa .... 2.000
_..;: .. : \Vv. •■•ORsaoN. •■..:-.. •■
Oats, ctls 'I. :..'.. 470iBhorta. ctls ..... 710
WASHINGTON.
Flour, '■ qr ska.... 6,3S3|Flaxse«d. sks .... 7.O7
auction mm
THIS IS THE SALE!
THE GSiNDEST LOT OP >
THOROUGHBREDS,
: ; Vearlings, 2 and 3 Year Old* -
■ and Horses Jn Training
•▼•r offered at auction tn California, cenaigaed
by MENLO STOCK FARM (W. O'B. Maedos-
ough. Esq.). EL MONTE STOCK FARM. P. O.
LANS and BUTIN3 A WATEBHOUS2.
Consisting of yearlings by
8T. CARLO. Klnsr of Sires, full brothers and
sisters to St. Cuthbert Socialist, Lord Mar-
mion, and some from tha dams of arniTTMl
AJaz. Don Fulano and VltelHus: 3
JOE RIPLET, tha Record Breaker, ont of
Madeleine, Playfere, Tribulation. Balonlrav
Moonlight. Reslca and Dancing Eyes;
And Two and Three Tear Old* by
IMPORTED PICCOLO. ' Sire of 8t*ke> Win-
ners, out of Experiment, JIarcelle, MlattU
and Lady Torso; .
And tbe following rac» horses la training.
PAT MORRISSET. DTJCKOT. GIBRALTAR.
PANAMINT. DOLLT WE1THOIT. SAXLOR.
RUSTLESS. CATHELLO. ARMADO. TOM-
PION. 3 ALLY SENSIBLE FILLT. Etc
Sale will take plae»
TUESDAY EVENINfi, D "i&.
\ Commencing at 7:4S o'clock, at
OCCIDENTAL BORSE EXCHANGE,
721 HOWARD STRBBT,
NEAR THIRD. 8. P.
WILLIAM G. LAYNG, Auctioneer.
Catalogues ready.
Horses at yard Sunday. Dec 1. 1901. --
8ALE EVERT TTJE8DAT. U a. m.. at 114»
Foleom-st. Horses of all classes: also the larg-
est assortment of single and. double Harness.
Saddles. Wagons. Surreys, • f Buggies, Carts.
Robes Ter offered at public auction. .-
STOCK MARKET.
* A decline In Alaska Packers' to 1153 25 waa
the only noteworthy change In th» whole list
of stocks. Business was aladc as usual - on
Saturday.
Giant Powder has declared a dividend of 73c,
payable on the 10th. : .
Sales on the Producers' Oil £zehang9 last
week were 44.415 shares, valued at I17.4SL tha
principal sales being as follows: Apollo. $60O
shares: Bear Flag. 2000: California Standard.
(GOO; Junction. S500; Monarch. 3300; ' Mout«
Cristo. 2400: Petroleum Center. 13.600; Superior,
1000; Oil City, 2X0; Lien, ZX0; Sterllnz, 27W.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDA.T. Nor. tt- U BU
UNITED STATES BONDS.
I'.ld. Ask. Btd.Aak.
4s quar coup.. U2V13 4s qr cp <new).l39HH°
4s quar reg.... 1124113 3s quar coup.-lCSVa —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C Ss.lOTH — Oc-anle SS 5a. — 105
Cal-ct os 11* — Omnibus C «s.l29U135
C C Water Cn.m — Pac G Imp 4s. 95 98 • ,
Ed L & P S«. — — Pk A C H SS..198 112
Ker & Cl II 6s.l3> 121-i Pk & O R 6s. .m —
Ceary-et 5s — 100 Pown-«t R 6s.llST412O
H C & S S'cs. — — Sac E G R 63. 34^100
Do 53 99%— 3 F * SJV Ss.K3ij —
Los Ang R Ss.lHfcm Sierra Cal 6=. — —
L A Light es..lOT!i — S P of ArlZ fta
Do gntd «s..lCO — <1909» 113^113%
Do gntd 6a.. 10S 1*3% <l»0) U4 —
L A & P 28 102U — jS P of Cal is
Dolen ;*.101 103 (13«S>, Ser A .lTT?ilOS*i
Mkt-st Cab 63.127% — I (1305). Ser B.109 109^
Do 1 c m iJa.lS^ilSU;' <1'^ |! ) HO m 1 *
N R of Cal Sa.ll2%n2!i (1312) 119 —
Do Ss — U3 8 P of Cal 1st
Nor Pac C Sa.lOT^ — e jmtd Ss....lO9>« —
Nor Cal R 5a.ll3 l 4 — ISPBr Cal Ss.lSS^UT
Oak: Oas 5 S MM? -. IS V Water fis.113 UV+
J Oek Trans «s..U*»il2e { Po 43 102% —
Do 1st c as. .111 IIS ■ Do 4s 3d m.. — —
Oak Wat s »3- — MS iStktn Gas «s..lO2H —
WATER STOCKS*
Contra Costa.. 76 '76',;fport Costa «Nj M
Marln County. S3 — (Spring Valley. M»i SIX
*^ GAS AND KLECTRIC.
Cent L * P... 2H— IPadnc Llsht.. 43 —
Equitable S — (Sacramento^.. S3 —
i Mutual — 5 S K G & E.-. 43H —
Oa)i!.ind 51 ~t S«» Francljco. 6»| —
1 Pac Gas Imp. 40*, C 'Stktn C 4 E.. i —
j INSURANCE.
I Flrem's Fund. 210 — .' .
: BANKS. '■?'.
j An*1o-Cal .... WH «Hi L P * A 1» —
California .....409 411 Mer Ex (llq>.. 1«H —
'•Cal Safe Dep.H»U — ;S F National. 130 —
I First Nation!.— Cfti' <
SAVINGS BANKS. '
! German 1025 »— , 8ar A Loan... — •»
Iluroboldt .... — — j Security Sav..*» 340
J Mutual Sav... «« — J Union Trust. .1S» —
S F Sav U. .-.:» — »
i STREET RAILROADS.
California .*..135 140 ,O ? L & H... 44 —
Geary - W> Presidio tZH -
Market 87H SS% .. ■-;*>'
; POWDER. .
'Giant 35li 8S iVlgorlt .....^. 4% «
SUGAR.
Hana — > .Kilauea 11 12%
Hawaiian *....— 50 jMakawell 23 23
.Honokaa 11 — lOnomea 23H 25
Ilutchinson ... 15 . liVi Paauhau 11 • —
f MISCELLANEOUS.
■ Alaska Pack.. 1SS'4159H! Oceanic S Co.. 4«H »
J Cal Fruit Asn. — 1W I P«« Act F A. 3S —
r*l Wine Asn. S9 saVi'Pac C Borax.. 1R% — :
Mer Ejchange.110 - I Par Paint...... 1« -» 1
Morning Session. .
Beard— *f
i Alaska. Packers* Association. ...... ..15? 25
10 Bank of California. 410 00
! liCCO Viy Counties Power Co 5«.. 107 50
« .'. California Wine Association S9 SO
1C0 Ilonckna Co U CO
; 10 Kutchlnson S P Co ...13 CO
th unomea Sugar Co 21 SO
>' 130 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 50
4 Svring Valley Water" 8« 50
5 Spring Valley Water S7 00
loOOO Spring Valley 4s (3d mortgage) 101 13
• Street—
1 10CO Spring Valley 4s Cd mortsage) 103 CO
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Session.
4TO Four ........... 45
12S irome ' 3 35
f>eo Oil City Petroleum 33
10,000 Petroleum Center, b 90 05
30 e>an Joaquln Oil & Development... 7 So
ICO Sterling ...— 1 20
1.0CO Superior 07
Street— . .
l.S«0 Lion, b 90..... M OS .
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San
Francisco Stock and. Exchange Board yester
day: - .
Morning Session.
1000 Caledonia 23] 500 Potoat M
1CC0 Overman 04/
'. .. ■ Morning Session. _■
The. following were the eates in the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday: ,iw*;:
4(W Best * Belcher 141 2TO Mexican ........ 17
200 Con Cal & V.I hiv,\ tm Ophlr 78
500 Gould * Curry 0T| SCO Potosl 03
closino~quot7vtions. * .'^
"\ - yi ■'; ; '.". '-'■■■' SATURDAY. Nov. 10-13 m.
Bld.Aik. -Bld.AaJt.
Alpha .......... — OS Justice ......... 01 OS
AltA 1 04 C6 Kantuck — - m
Andea 01 04 Lady Wash .... 01 —
Belcher 04 OS Mexican 1« 17
Best & Belcher 13 II Occidental ..... 03 04
Bullion ,... 03 OS Ophlr Mi';w"
Caledonia 14 25 Overman 03 d
Challenge Con.. 12 14 Potosl ..:. 03 ct
Chollar 04 05 Ravage 03 M
Confidence 60 C3 Scorpion — M
Con Cal & Va.il S3 1 70 8eg Belcher.... 01 03
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. OS 09
Con New York. 01 — Silver HU1 SI 33
Crown Point... 03 ' 03 St Louis — m
Eureka Con.... 14 —Standard 3 25 3*1
Exchequer ......— R.Syndicata ...... OS — -
Gould A Curry 07 OS Union Con 13 IS
Hale & Norc... 13 19 Utah r... M 07
Julia, — 01 (Yellow Jacket.. 07 09
Giant Powder Co. bas declared Ctvtdand. JS
cf 76 cents per share. A. . '
CALL CA LEND A R.
■•••'■■■. tpecewber. 1S01. ,, f
M. M. T. W. a Moon's Phases.'
~T*i ~T" ' 1 ~~1 5 «" 7 .fl* • December 2.
_i__l_JL_l-l_ La»t Quarter.
3 > 10 11 I? 13 U A D^emb-rlO.
iriririr » » a * - Now M3on - *
i Jl ± - - - —I© I^lffi o !\. .
4344
bAJC .FRANCISCO CALL.
PUSINEVfc OFFICE of The San ' Francisco
Call, coiner of Market and Third streets: opes
until 12 o'clock every night In the year:
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:S0 p. m.
300 Hayes etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
C39 McAllister rtrcet; open until 9:30 p. m.
f:5 Larkin street; open until 9:3) p. m.
1*41 Mission Etreet: open until 10 p. m.
961 Market street corner Sixteenth: open
entll 9 p. m. -
10€ Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
- J096 Valencia street: open until i p. m.
Northwest corner Twentv-second and Ken-
torkv streets; open until 9 p. m.
rjOO Fillmore rtreet: npen until 9 p. m.
CHURCH SERVICES.
I At The strangers' sabbath HOMt
I (tuj) Howard ~t. Methodist-Episcopa-
i K Chusch Bet. ad & ;d Sts. Seats Free.
I II R«v. Dr. John A. B. Wilson. Pastor
It . lUf] Res. by the Church. Tel. Black «"•
fttrNinr onrafortableseat )
ULr«TMt. A I illurteous erecting > Await y«
»^T4S^!<3 U«- l rJi.-'«*lcoire ?
■fi By fl' II A. M.. sermon on an important
' t 'flc T consideration: ypmal music: an-
rJoBSati-V-j them; offertory solo by Mis? Klo-
auHiSilU ra Bolllnrer; 6. crcai rally of
young people; 7:30. song service and sermon
on "The House of God." and a review of
Rev. Dr. W. H. Layson's strictures upon the
Protestant churches in the Presbyterian
preachers* meet Ing.
A-CHURCH of St. Man' the Virgin (Episco-
pal). corner Steiner and Union at?.— Union-st.
care pass the door: high mass at 11 a. m. :
masses of the masters arranged for St. Mary
the Virgin, with orjran and wind instrument
accompaniment: solemn vespers of the Virgin
Mary at 4 tn the afternoon; "Ave Maria." j
"Greporlans." "O Salutarls" and "Tantum !
Enro." arranged for St. Mary the Virgin; j
John Haraden Pratt. F. C. M.. director of the
choir: mass said dally at 7:30 a. m.; vespers
dally ax S r>. m.
TRINITY Church, corner Bush and Cough sts.
—Rev. Frederick W. Claropett, D. D., rector.
Holy communion. 7:30 a. m. Sunday school,
9:30 a. m. Morning service and sermon- by j
the rector. 11 o'clock, with holy communion.
Afternoon sen-Ice 4 o'clock, sermon by the
assistant. People's one-hour service 8 p. m..
at which Gounod's '-GalHa" will be rendered
br full choir and address by the rector. AH
eeats free.
CENTRAL Church, Mission et.. between Sixth
and Seventh— Pastors. Arthur H. Briggs and
Herbert F. Brigs*. 11 a. m.. sermon; 11:45 p.
m.. Sunday-school. Rolla V. Watt superin-
tendent; B:15 p. m.. Societies of Christian En-
deavor: 7:30 p. m.. concert — programme: Or-
gan voluntary, "Andante Maestro"' (Sir Ar-
thur Sullivan); chorus anthem. "Praise the
Lord. All Ye Nations" (H. A. Beach): quar-
tet "Lead. Kindly Light" H. R. Shelley;
violin sclo. "Evening Star" (Wapner). Mr.
Charles E. Robson; soprano 60lo. "The Heav-
enly KtnFdom" iwith violin obligate). Mrs.
Alice E. Cramer; chorus anthem. "The Sun
Shall Be No More Thy LUrht" (Woodward):
8 p. m.. eerman. topic. "The Restlessness of.
Our Day. Its Reason and Hopefulness." The
pastors win preach morning and evening. !
Roseoe Warren Lucy, organist and choirmas- i
ter. The seats are free and the people are !
welcome. :
CIMPSON Memorial Methodist ' Episcopal I
Church, corner of Hayes and Buchanan ets. I
Sermon at 11 a. m. by Rev. John Stephens, ■
the »»a.stor. At 7:30 p. rn.. the monthly musical !
service will be held, with brief address by the ■
pastor. The larpe choir under the direction of
L. E. Blake will render choruses by Tours. I
Handel and Parker-rte<?s. In addition there '
will be solos, duets and Quartets with o.van ■
and violin accompaniments. Seats free. All
Invited. !
CALVARV Presbyterian Church, corner Octa- •
via and California Ets.— Rev. John HemrhlU. I
D.D.. pastor; Rev. Geo. G. Eldredge. asso-
ciate pastor. Dr. Hemphltl will preach at 11
a. m. and at 7:30 p. m. at the Second-st. Mis- ■
sic n. Mr. ElcresJpe will preach at 7:30 p. m. I
Communion after morning service. Morning !
Sabbath-echool at 9:<5. Afternoon Sabbath- '
school. 11:20. T. P. S. C. E.. 6:30. All are i
cordially invited.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, corner of Van j
Ness ave. and Sacramento et— Sen-ices at 11 j
a. xn. and 7:30 p. m. Sunday-school at 12:ii ■
p. m. Christian Endeavor at 6:15 p. xn. Rev. (
W. K. Guthrle will preach both morning and ',
evening. AH are cordially Invited. j
VNITARIAN Church (Firet). SW. corner Geary !
and Frarklin sts.— Rev. Bradford Leavltt. I
minister: Rev. Dr. Stebbine. minister emerl- i
tus: Chas. A. Murdock. aupt. of Sunday- I
school. The Sunday-school Is at 10 o'clock '
The morning service is at 11 o'clock. Rev. !
Mr. Leavitt will preach; subject. "Tragedies i
©: the Innocent" Communion service will be i
held Immediately after the regular service.
AH are cordially Invited. There Is no evening
eerrtce.
t-'NITARlAN Church (Second), corner Capp and I
Twentieth 6ts.— Rev. E. F. pinsrnore. minis- !
t-r. Sunday-school at 9:45 o'clock. The mln- j
Ister will preach at 11 o'clock on "Geth- I
gemane." asd at 7:45 o'clock on "Derelicts."
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post !
and Mason ets. — Rev. George C. Adam*. D.D .
pastor, will preach at both eenioes. At 11
. a. m.. topic. "Sincere and Without Offense."
At 7:20 p. m.. topic. "Partial Knowledge."
All are cordially Invited.
RICHMOND Congregational Church, corner
Seventh ave. and Clement et— Pastor Rev.
Philip Coosbe; residence. S115 Jackson at. ; .
telephone Jackson 1941. 11 a. rn., communion ■
t«rvlce and reception of new members; 7:4i t
p. m., church anniversary service; special mu-
Bte. Sunday-school. S:4» p. m. Christian En- ■
tfeavor. €:4S p. m. Seats free. A cordial wel- '
come for every one.
EMMANUEL Baptist Church, Bartlett st.. near
Twenty-third.— Sacred concert and organ re-
cital at 7:30. Bassos— Mr. Robert Jones, Mr.
D. B. Bowiey; ecpranos— Miss Gertrude Ing-
ham. Miss S. Towle; barytone. Rev. J.
George Gibson. Organ music — "Gloria" (Mo-
zart); "Icfiaxama.tus" (Rossini); march (Gou-
nod): violin solo. "Berceuse" (Godard). Or-
gantst Mlsa Lotta Underbill.
FIRST Church of Christ Scientist Central
block. 23 Sutter et.. between Kearny st and
Grant ave.— Christian Science service at 11
a. ra.: subject of lesson-sermon. '"Ancient and
Modern Necromancy: or. Mesmerism and Hyp-
notism." Eunday-school for children at the
eame hour.. Wednesday evening meeting at 8
o'clock. Free reading-rooms. 206 Kearny st
rooms SCS-S10. All are welcome.
FIFTEENTH Annual Convention of Christians
will be held at Mission Parlor Hall, on Seven-
teenth et, near Valencia, on Thursday, Fri-
day. Saturday and Lord's Day, Nov. 2S, 29. 30
and Dec. L Hours of meetings, 10:30 a. m.,
.1 aad 7:30 p. m. Everybody welcome. Admls-
tion free. No collections.
LOWER Scottish Hall. 117 Larkin et.— Special
addresses on the Lord's coming by Mr. Al-
fred Mace. Sunday afternoon. December 1, 3
o'clock., "The Appearing and Reign of th*
Lord Jesus Christ"; Sunday afternoon. De-
cember 8, 3 o'clock. "The Antichrist; Who Is
He and What Is His End?" Special. Thurs- ;
«!ay evening. December 5. at 7:45 o'clock. '
"What Is Man? Has He an Immortal Soyir'
Gospel addresses Sunday. Tuesday. Wednes-
day and Thursday evenings at 7:45 o'clock.
Free, to all. .
A BIG mass meeting for men this (Sunday)
afternoon, at X o'clock. In the Young Men's i
Christian Association Auditorium. Mason and !
Ellis ets. Address by Rev. Ernest E. Baker, i
D.D.. of Oakland. Special music. Seats free
to all men.
THEOSOPHICAL— Free public lectures every
Sunday at I p. m.. Flood building. 809 Market
•t Subject to-night "The Nature of God."
by the Swaml Abhayananda. Bible class Sun-
days, 11 a. m. Inquirers' class and study of
thought culture, Thursdays, 2:20 p. m Free
lending library open Mondays, Thursdays and
Saturdays, 1 to 4 p. m.. and Saturday »ven-
lngs. Tbeosophlcal headquarters, room 1L
Flood building.
THE Theoeophlcal Society.— Public lecture to-
night at « o'clock. In Odd Fellows' building,
by Mr. August F. Knudsen; subject "Salva-
tion and Rebirth." Inquirers' claes Sunday
II a. m. Children's group. "The Golden
tThaln." Sunday. 11 a. m. Public meeting
Thursday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock and Tue*- !
«iay evenings. 8 o'clock. Lending library open j
dally from 1 to 4 p. m. Also on Tuesday '
evening*- !
FREE religious services conducted by the Rev ■
Benjamin Kay Mills at Golden Gate Hall €21
Butter st. at 8 o'clock. Mr. Mills will speak
on "The Riddle, of the Universe." Mr. Wil-
liam Hunter, tenor, will sing. Doors open at
?:U. All seats free.
HOME of Truth— Practical Christianity, 1231
Pine- st.. near Hyde.— Sunday services. II a
m. and 7:45 p. m. Weekly meetings Monday,
£ p. m.; Tuesday. 3 p. m. All are welcome.
MEETI.VGS SUJfUAY.
AA-DR. JOHN A. KERGAX will' lecture this
evening at Crystal Hall. Pythian Castle. Wt
Market *t; subject, "Hypnotism." to be fol-
lowed by a i>eriee of magnificent art views
Those attending may procure free tickets to
X-ray exhibition at the Sanitarium next
Tuesday evening. Seats fret; no collection
Remember the Question Box.
A— TEST aeance to-ni*fht: ev«Ty~"on«T~rrcelvi r
test* at BROCKWAV8 JCc stances, 299 Hydk
st; Monday. December 2, BKOCKtt'AY will
b« located in his own home at 11)12 Ellis st
where he will rive reading* dally and seancee
every Sunday. Tuesday and Thursday nights.
A-SPIRITUAL test meeting. 909 Market at
rear hall; 11. free; 2-8. 10c; Mr. Kwan Mme'
Maxwell, Wrenn. McKee. Mott Mr. Regen-
berger; zither tolo; Dr. Howland. evangelist-
others.
A SPIRITUAL test meeting. 900 Market, front
hall-ll. free; 2:30-8. 10c; Mme. August. Vlg-
ars. Hodgson. See.ley. Wilson. nntcrVUnment
and dance Dec. 11.
MP.fi. EBERHARDTB «plrltijaf~test meAtlrg
to-night 32SS Twenty-s*oon<J ytreet, between
Mission and Valencia. 10c.
A FULL form materializing eeance, 8 o'clock;
«*e and talk with your spirit frlendii; admls-
alon SOc. US Eddy st; nittlngs dally.
A— PROF. GEE. 108 Stb st; circle to-night 10c;
te»u aad phrenological readings; ques. ans.
MEETING NOTICES-— SUNpAY—-Con.
AA— THIRD last materializing seance to-night.
ARNOLD & DICKSON leave city 11th. 201
Turk et. • ' '
PROGRESSIVE spiritualists. Occidental Hall,
305 Larkin st, December 1. 7:30 p. m. Mrs.
R. S. Lillle. speaker. Free. ..
C. V. MILLER'S most wonderful materializing
seance to-night. S o'clock. 50c. 10S4 Bush st.
ALHENDO materializing seance to-night, 8,
S0c. 1304 Post, nr. Franklin; tel. Larkin 6S7.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
A "XOW" lecture. Henry Harrison Brown, S
p. m.. Odd Fellows bldg. Music. Seats free.
MRS. HARLAND'S test meeting. 8 p. m.; seal-
ed letters ans. 10c; readings dally. 132 Sixth.
MRS. STODDARD'S circles closed till further
notice; trance test 10 to 5, 50c. $1. 278 Ninth.
KATIE HEUSSMANN'S cymbal test circle to-
n I glu. 23o. 1774 Fifteenth st., near Guerrero.
W. G. KEEGAN holds a Fplrltual meeting
every night ex. Saturday; admls. 10c. 148 6th.
EARLE— Slato writing to-night. 328 Ellis st.
MEETINGS — Universal Brotherhood.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood and Theoeophlcal
Society, 310 O'Farrell st.— Meeting to-night;
subject. "Cure for Troubles," and "Racial
Evolution"; two speakers; musical selections.
All Invited. \
MEET1XG NOTICES.
SAX FRANCISCO Consistory^
j No. 1. Ancient and Accepted a
' Scottish Rite of Freemasonry. i!^$$£mP\
Officers ami mvmbcrs. you are ftA^aL/iuKjl
hereby notified to assemble at SrfM»?>TH
I Masonic Temple, corner Post jr rvJL,V^M
u«d Montgomery sts.. on SUN- jc3JiH4*13t
DAY, December 1, 1991. at Q'N8SV/\ -
12:30 o'clock sharp, to attend *irsv^
the funeral obsequies of our late brother,
JAMES MALCOLM GLEAVE3, 32d degree.
i Special through car will leave Post and
' Montgomery sts. at 1 o'clock sharp and will
: be held at Mission Masonic Hall for return.
I By order of
FRANK B. LADD. Master of Kadosh.
HEXRY BURNER. Registrar.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M- m
Officers and members are hereby no- _J^__
tlfled to attend the fun»ral of our de- XV
ceased brother. JAMES MALCOLM /V>
CLEAVES, from the hall of this lodge
THIS (SUNDAY) AFTERNOON, at 1:30 !
o'clock. By order of the W. M.
R. E. ALLAN, Secretary. ■
REGULAR meeting of the Cale- v i&'s*.
(Ionian Club FRIDAY EVENING. 3L «lQ
D?e. 6; tickets for the annual ban-
que-. will be distributed; Scottish '^c7V
Hall. 117 Larkin at.
A. M. SXACPHERSON. Chief.
JA3. H. DUNCAN. Sec.
I ALL members of Tamalpals Camp No. 427, W.
( of W., are hereby notified to be present at
! Salem Cemetery THIS (SUNDAY) AFTER-
I NOON, at 2 o'clock, for the purpose of un-
! veiling the monument erected to the memory
of our late neighbor. J. J. Morris. Friends
and acquaintances arc cordially invited to at-
tend. A. G. GILSON. Clerk.
I PAAUHAU 8U0AR PLANTATION CO.. Office
: S?7 Market st.. San Francisco. Nov. 20, 1901:
: Annual meeting— The annual meeting of the
stockholder* of the Paaunau Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be held at the office of the
company. 227 Market St.. In the city and
county of San Francisco. State of Califor-
nia, on SATURDAY, the "th day of Decem-
ber. IPOl, at the heir of 11 o'clock a. m., tor
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing year, and for the
1 purpese cf amending paragraph I of article
XIII of the by-laws of the company relat-
ing to the annual meeting of stockholders,
and for such other business as may come be-
fore the tneetlng. Transfer books will close
en Nov. C6. 1901. at 3 o'clock p. ra. By order
of the president.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS — A grand opportunity to make money,
selling our new pocket Atlas of the World:
contains over 400 pases; including maps of
every State in the Union and every foreign
country; over 100 papes of valuable descriptive
matter and the new census, giving* the popu-
lation of every incorporated city, town and
village and every county in the United States;
send 23c for sample copy and terms to agents.
RAND. McNALLY & CO.. Chicago. 111.
START a mall order buslnees; we tell you how,
furnish catalogues, circulars, stationery, etc..
and place ads tn a lift of 40 different maga-
zines on credit: particulars free. Chicago
Specialty Co.. 134 Van Buren St.. Chicago.
AGENTS wanted to sell our new patented
chemical automatic gas lighters; they sell
on eight; no more matches needed. Coast
Lighting Co., 2S Second St.. San Francisco.
WAXTED— Pleasant and profitable employ-
ment for a few {rood men; good pay for ser-
vices devired: references required. Call room
203. 713 Market St.
A MERCANTILE agency wants reliable men
to sell memberships. The Retail Credit and I
! Collection Association, box STS, N. Boulder, j
; Colo. j
AGENTS — Do you want something more profit- 1
able and easier to sell than books or ln*ur- I
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg. j
GOOD steady agent; to right man will pay sal- |
ary and commission. BROWN. 418 Larkin st. |
TWO men wanted to canvass somethlnc new. ■
1067 Market St.. room 1. j
RELIABLE agents wantei J. A. HOFF- j
MANN. 1219 Bush Bt. •■
ASPHALTI.'M ROOFING.
3. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postal. L1SS Mlsalon: teL Folsom 2477. j
CITT AEPHALTUM CO.. 632 Market St.— Roofs, j
sidewalk;, floors : cheap rates. Tel. Red 2332. j
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty: quick, quiet. |
No charge without success; established It yrs. |
Open evenings by appointment; phone John 31S1. ■
G. W. HOWE. SOP Market st. cor. Stockton. ;
ADVICE free; divorces private ; bankruptcy ;co!- !
lection*; attachments: mortgages; bills of sale;
partnerships :dpeds;wlll» drawn; fees low;open
eve'g. THURSTON. 100SH Mkt.. r. 4. opp. 6th.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 827 Market st. opp. Mason.
L. 6. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bid*.. 927 Mar-
ket et; consultation free: no feen In advance.
BICYCLES— For Sale or Exchange.
GOOD second-hand bicycles for sale, $J up;
s*nd for bargain lift. LEAVITT 4 BILL, i
ft LarVIn »t.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
'GOOD 'home for J small children; no others
children; best of care 25 John st, off Powell. :
GOOD home in private family for girl not un- !
i der 3 years. 4106 Twentieth st., near Castro. 1
! BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tet Red 2KS.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-708-70* Mission st
Bl'REAU TRUNKS.
TRUNKS of every description at bedrock
prices. Factory and nalesroom. 824 Howard.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $250; PARTNER wanted In commission busi-
ness; will clear $75 month to each; no experi-
ence required. See STRAND & CO., 209
Kearny et. . .
A — WE buy. sell or exchange business of any
; kind. STRAND & CO., 209 Kearny st.
I A~-$4M; CIGAR store. Kearny St.: clears $100
month; full value. STRAND, 2W Kearny «t.
j A— $1003; RESTAURANT; rent $40; owner has
i cleared (200 year right along; No. 1 location;
I ch«»p at $2000. STRAND & CO., 209 Kearny.
A— FOR cigar stand* that actually make
money, sec C. L. HEDGES, 461-2 I'arrott big.
A— $273; BEAUTIFUL Market-st. cigar stand;
must be sold account rheumatism. Make of-
fer to C. L. HEDGES, 461-462 Parrott bldg.
A— VERY busy cigar stand near Market and
Kearny «ts. ; sacrificed; account death; One I
trade; slct muchlnee alwaye busy; low tent
A*k C. L. HEDGES, 461-462 Parrott building.
SALOON"; elegant corner; central location: rent
$30 (worth $C5). Fine fixtures. Price *r.;.0.
Call early for this SNAP.
8CHWEINHARD,
Rooms 1-2-5; No. 917 Market st., opp. Mason.
WE have all kinds of business chances— If you
want to buy, come and see our list; we. can |
suit you; sellers do well to list their property
with us; we can find % buyer quick. MILE8
& CO.. 927 Market Ft., room 2C8.
A— MERCHANTS, ATTENTION! I
Do you want to sell your business, or do you
want a partner for a legitimate business? We
' can sell your business or secure a partner 1
quickly and without publicity: money ad-
vanced. WILLIAMS, VIERECK & CO.. !
Rooms 3 and 4, 1104 Market St.. cor. Mason. ;
A FINE opening for experienced man for half- I
Interest In paying 6 day restaurant; trial;
given to right man; no trlflers need apply.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO , 8S0 Market St. j
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market, nr. Call bldg.
Long list of buslneeoes for sale; please call.
A— CAUTION; don't buy any business before
procuring Buyers' Qulde; $L 4<2 Parrott big.
$100— CHOP house; a chance of your life; quick;
Sixth »t J). McRAE. 837 Mission st.
CIGAR, notion and grocery store; free rent: 4
fumlfthed rooms; trade $12 per day: $300. Pa-
cific Exchange. 7«S Market st. . *
THE SAN FRANCISCO :OALt, SUNDAY,: DB OB
■ BUSINESS i CH A\CES-.-Conttnnert. "
' |50.V;...;...'..V RESTAURANT ...;.;......'. $60
$75 ...Restaurant ..' $75
$100............... Restaurant $100
$330 Restaurant- $350
$400 Restaurant $400
$550........;...... Restaurant J $550
$600............... Restaurant ............... $800
$1200 Restaurant ..$1200
THE DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
850 Market St.... Tel. Davis 281.
HONEST speculation— Make your money earn
steady inconio; $25 upward Invested with us
will earn 30 to 40 per cent monthly, payable
• every 15 days; send for new book, "Success-
ful Systematic Speculation" free; tells how
to operate on grain market without loss;
highest commercial, financial references.
FRED E. • PARKER, Broker. 155 La Salle
St., Chicago. 111. >
$2500 OR $5000 will secure a 1-6 or 1-3 inter-
est in a protected commercial article of great
value; unoccupied and vast market; desire to
Immediately manufacture here .and manufac-
ture and arrange royalties throughout the
East: principals only: investigation Invited;
all that can be desired as permanent, exclu-
sive and most extensive business. 2431, Call.
BANK, only one tn prosperous interior town,
has a few shares of stock open for subscrip-
tion; $100 per share; rare Investment oppor-
tunity. Box 2515, Call office.
WANTED— A good business man to take over
an established business in Seattle; no Imme-
diate outlay for stock necessary, as present
owners will consign all the stock required
from factory In the East on easy terms, but
party must have some money for running ex-
penses and freights and have unexceptional
references. 217 Geary Bt. J_
$25 CASH and $10 per month for It months
will buy Interest In fine copper mine; this In-
vestment will pay several thousand dollars'
profit In one year. 1 Address MINEOWNER.
Lock box 7. Tucson, Arizona.
EASTERN manufacturers' agent and jobber
wants partner to Invest $3000 to $5000; exclu-
sive rights of fifteen largest manufacturers;
dry goods; employ three traveling salesmen;
full investigation.* Box 2429, Call office.
MANUFACTURING business having home and
foreign market for its product requires ad-
ditional capital; profits large; monopoly; par-
ticulars given at Interview - only. Address
box 2516. Call office. -
$3000 WILL buy interest In manufacturing
business established 10 years, and give In-
side position at $150 per month: invoice, all
new stock, will sell for $12,000. Box 2309.
Call office. -''•-.••>_%..!■
15000-A PARTNER wanted to Introduce % the
best breakfast food ever put on the market;
an Independent fortune In prospect. Addresa
box 2425. Call office. . . - - '■
FOR sale — Notion, toy. candy store, branch
bakery; line location; established eighteen
years; good reasons for selling. Call at 3299
Mission st.
GOOD restaurant In business portion at your
own price; cost $1250; splendid opportunity;
write at once; no agents. Box 2415. Call.
$350— PARTNER wanted In the manufacturing
business; clears $100 to $130 per month to each
partner. Call 935 Market st., room 14.
A MAN of financial standing to promote fiot-
class commercial enterprise; no speculation.
Address box 2512. Call office.
TO let— Butter, eggs and delicacy stall In Grand
Western Market: floe location. J. H. EG-
GERS. 1310-1212 Polk st.
X1000— SALOON fcr sale. In the best business
lutrt of Napa- For particulars address P. O.
box 82, Napa. Cal.
PARTNER with $5C0 In big paying business;
legitimate and permanent. Box 2412. Call.
A— K00; PARTNER to engage with me In man-
ufacturing specialties In staple articles that
sell at sight: large profits; man must be a
fair salesman and a worker: best of refer-
ences given and required ; state some partlcu-
lars. Address M. P.. box 2431. Call office.
BUYERS — Have all kinds business chances and
real estate for sale. See other agents, then
see FRANK E. Df NNEN. r.ZS. 14 McAllister.
GOOD chance for man and wife; 'branch ba-
kery and laundry office; good location; 2 liv-
ing rooms: rent $14; price $250. Address, etc,
box 2402. Call of nee. -
STEADY man who can loan employer S300 on
ample security; I will give steady employ-
ment, good wages and chance to advance in
business. AcIJrcss Mfg.. box 2470, Call office.
AN opportunity; controlling Interest In a large
grocery house, $10,000: 111 health; fine chanco
for active man. Address Grocer, box 2474,
Call ofHce.
$300— CIGARS, stationer)', notions and good
business place: location perfect. Waiting-
room. Twenty-thiil-ave. station. E. Oakland.
STEAM laundry or Interest in one wanted;
country preferred. Box 2471. Call office.
RESTAURANT: good place man and wife: ex-
peniwa low; low rent. Box 2413, Call office.
$250— WANTED, a partner in saloon; Minna
st. Box 2t44. Call office.
FOR SALE— Corner grocery and bar: price
$550. 1030 Montgomery St.. cor. Vallejo. |
INCOME of $1000 per year can be secured by
any one taking trouble to Investigate our
plans; no gold mine, oil well or gambling
scheme; straightforward business proposition.
JUMIAPA CO.. C21 Fullerton building. St
Louts. Mo.
FOR BALE— A good planing mill In e lumber
yard; locate-1 in a growing town. Address
P. O. box <S). Healdiburg. Cal.
A BRANCH rfflce tcr Call advertisements and
subitcriptlons has been established at 1091
▼elencia at
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscription*
r*c*l"*A »t Call branch office. 2200 FUlmore st
I.ODCIXG-HOIJSEil ' yOR' ' SAhTE.
Hy^^EOKER^s'T^Flcl^r^
..ESTABLISHED IN THIS CITY IN 1*77...
CALL FOR MY LIST ROOMING HOUSES.
From 6 to SCO rooms: prices VA to $10,000.
CALL FOR MV LIST OF BARGAINS IN.
LODGING HOUSES.
From 6 to 600 rooms; prices from $100 to
$2J.«W.
CALL FOR MY LIST OF BOARDING
HOUSES.
..From $ to 3jO ruomn; prices $75 to $40(00...
.....CALL FOR MY LIST OF HOTELS
From 20 to WO rooms: prices $400 to $V).000.
CALL FOR MY LIST OF FLATS AND
PRIVATE HOMES.
..From 4 to 15 rooms: price* $200 to $2000...
CALL ON ME IF YOU WIFH TO PAY
CASH.
CALL IF YOU WANT A HOUSE ON PAT-
MbNTS.
CALL IF YOU WANT A LOAN.......
CALL IF YOU WANT CITY OR COUNTRY
RKAL KSTATE.
........CALL IK YOU WISH TO BUY........
....Soil or excr.nnjie nny kind j/ j»ropirty....
WHAT HAVK YOU TO OFFER?......
H. C. DECKER. I02fl Market; phone Mint 796.
McBRIDE & CO., 765 Market st; some bar- j
gains for to-day. ■ • . {
44 r: good transient house; cheap.. ....$2100 '
E>6r.;on Ellis st; good puylng.. 3500 1
38 r. ; on Market st: business location.. 2000:
100 r.; on Howard st; moneymaker ,i;0O .
f> rooms ami bath: good, nice fiat 275 i
6 rms. and bath: fine location, fittings.. COO j
These are all good locations and bargains; 60 j
more houses on list We loan money on
lodging-houses. If you have business for !
sale, we can sell quick for cash. Call at 7(5
. Market st. rooms 1 and 2.
McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market St.— A snap; 30-
room house: good location and in good order
for only $500. If you want good cheap busU
ness call quick. -
A. CAMERON* & CO., "'
&50 Market st. and 8 Stockton st
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
See our list of bargains.
6 r. ; modern flat; Van Ness; new $350
14 r. ; rent $45; residence; good fur.; piano. 904
24 r.; good cor.; fur., carp,: low rent.. 2700
£3 r. | cor. apart.', total expense per mo. 175
31 r_; rent low; good house every way.... 2150
24 r7; rent $65; Al loc.: reduced to 100O !
23 r. ; offices; rent $110; els. $200; Investigate '
14 r. ; rent $40; trans, loc.; clears $100.... 1300
7 r.; rent $45; modern flat; leaving city.. 375
A CLEAR TITLE OK NO SALE
Near the Call buildlnz.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market St. rms. 1-2.
Money loaned, lodging-houses or real estate.
I HAVE 516 HOUSES FOR SALE.
10 r.; rent $32; respectable Vi cash: cent. $300
> 1? r. ; sunny side; nice-looking building;
all light rooms; locked door; clears $75.. 850
I 2ti r. ; sunny side; clean; clears $95 month. 1600
; 24 r. : rent $100; well furnished; fine bus.. 2200
46 r. ; Sutter; first class; clears $2400 year. 4200
75 r. ; Butter st. : fashionable family hotel. 9000
WINSTON & WOLF~7..
1026 Market st 1026 Market st
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.)
13 rooms; piano, sewing machine included. $900
40 rooms; rent $60; good corner " 2000
40 rooms; cheap rent; part cash............ 2200
! 43 rooms; central; just listed..... 3200
22 rooms: cheap rent; part cash: only 050
..500 OTHER HOUSE8 TO SELECT FROM..
FOR sale— At Sacramento. Cal., a second-class
hotel of 60 rooms, reading-room, dining-room
kitchen and barroom; all the rooms rented to
steady lodgers; located on principal business
street; offered at a sacrifice, as owner's health
will not permit him to continue the business:
rent reasonable. For further particulars In-
quire of W. P. COLEMAN CO.. 325 J st,
Sacramento. Cal. • .-
BUYERS— Before buying a house go to" 1
O. W. 8CHWEINHARD,
.Phone Mint ,1911. 917 Market st, opp. Mason.
He can suit you In houses and prices.
$1050— 9-room " flat; , . unsurpassed ' location ; 3
rooms, pay rent; most elegantly ' furnished;
Jones, near Bush. D. McRAE. 837 Mission st.
A— NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, ail sites
. ■ and prices, in all parts of the city; get our
list first MITCHELL A CO.. 1206 Market at.
BUYERS— Before buying a. house see other
agents, then get my list and : lowest prices.
FRANK K, DENNEN, rm. 28, 14 McAllister.
1 ■?'9 W< H* < * HOOSES FOR 8AMB-- -C«m»
j THE DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY."
I 850 Market st... .....Tel.- Davis 28L.
i NEVER BEFORE ON THE MARKET. ; ,
;,.'.*• :.-.,-... ;- -, CASH $700. ,-■ ■ • ••- ■-. ■ •
16-room flat, new, modern and well furnished:
best location; housekeeping.
■■■•■■ '. ' .'-.•■ CASH $4000. / .' ■ ■■ ■
35 rooms, family hotel, every room occupied,
elevator.' modern Improvements. : ;V -
j -. .cash $2000. • :•"■•■ -., '.
40-room select boarding house, centrally lo-
cated, doing good business. , . \ •-—'
CASH $1500., ■ -.■
18-room rooming and boarding house, best lo-
cation, cheap rent. * .
:. .'••• CASH $1500.
52-room worklngman's hotel, dining-room,
barber shop; reading-room on ground floor; new
plumbing, gas fitting, papering and painting
throughout: new bathtubs and toilets on every
floor; lease.
ROOMING HOUSES HOTELS. FURNISHED
FLATS IN ANY PART OF THE CITY AT
LOWEST PRICES FOR CASH OR EASY
PAYMENTS. . '
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATES.
A FEW SAMPLES OF OUR LAST LI8T:.
-Any of the following on monthly payments:
22 rooms; income $200: elegant; bargain. .$1500
8 rooms; well furnished •• 400
17 rooms; $250 can remain; clears $85 375
33 rooms; grand transient location 2200
25 rooms; good location; clears $150 .... 1200
16 rooms; corner; part cash 1000
28 rooms; clears $60; payments. 400'
99 rooms; grand corner: clears $600 (500
. CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU.
IS rooms; respectable; clears $90 1500
.20 rooms; good location; money maker... 750
MONEY LOANED — i PHONE JOHN 631
A. H. RETSLOFF, 906 Market at.
4P ROOMS; sunny and every room rented: good
location; clears $200; $2850. RETSLOFF.
M. E. RIVES, 916 Market; phone Main 128.
14 rooms; nice private boarding-house $860
18 rooms; sunny bay-windows; good buy. 1300
?S rooms (worth $2000); rent only $100 1400
46 rooms; low rent; part. cash; bargain... 4000
I1C00-30 ROOMS: new building south of Mar-
ket: rent $80: Income $180; a snap. ROTH-
ERMEL & MERRELL. 607 California et.
LODGING-HOUSE, the finest location In this
city; 16 rooms; turn people away every night;
.$600 cash; $400 can remain. 7 Grant ave.
A— 200 LODGING-HOUSES: prices from $150 to
S5000. Bee STRAND & CO., 20» Kearny st.
BEAUTIFUL modern flat, partly ftirn'd: new
furn're: good rea». for selling. Box 2513. Call.
SPIRITUALISM.
A-MR8. DR. FARNHAM.^Bpiritual^medium
and life reader: mining a specialty; dr. Sun..
Wed, and Friday evening. 1035 Market st.
A— C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tue.. Frl.. Sun.. 8 p. m.. 50c. 108 > Bush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter. $?. 1164 O'Farrell st.; Ellis car.
A— PROF. GEE, 108 Sixth st.: satisfactory
readings, 60c, $1; circle every night, 10c.
ETHEL .HODGE CRINDLE, materializing se-
ance Sunday evening, 50c. 325 Ellis st.
MRS. HARRISON, medium, 858 Mission st;
slttlngB dally. 50c and $L
KATIE HUESSMAN removed to 1774 15th. nr.
Guerrero; readings by mall: sittings dally.
EDWARD EARLE, 32"? Ellis, phone Pnik 1601;
sittings 9:30 to 5; seance Sun. and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister-Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night. 10c.
BROCK WAY'S seance Sunday, Tuesday. Thurs-
day. 25c. 8:15 p. m.: readings dally. 299 Hyde.
CLAUt VO k"A-NT3.
"Length of days In her right hand' and riches
and honor In her left" Proverbs, 11; 16.
CLAIRVOYANT "
CLAIRVOYANT
• PALMIST-PSYCHIC- —
PALMIST-PSYCHIC
PALMIST-PSYCHIC
NO CHARGE! NO CHARGE!
HO CHARGE! NO CHARGE!
IF NOT SATISFACTORY .
SIR HENRY PRICHARD.
TRANCE-CLAIRVOYANT and PALMIST.
Direct from Hotel Cecil. London.
ADVISER TO HER LATE MAJESTY THE
QUEEN OF ENGLAND.
THE FUTURE CAN BE TOLD.
SEEK AND YE SHALL FIND SUCCESS.
HARMONY. PEACE. POWER AN.)
HAPPINESS.
You are experiencing either domestic or tusl-
n us dlfflcultles. Yuu are worrying about
something. Yuu are In doubt You suspect
that everything is not as it should be. You
are unhappy— at times very melancholy.
Everything seems to go wrong with you. Why
not teek the advice of one who has helped and
advised the greatest men and women of the
world? You may never have another oppor-
tunity to consult a man of the reputation and
standing of Sir. Henry Prlchard.
Make no mistakes when you undertake any-
thing of Importance— get his 'advice first.
Hundreds of others have been put on the road
to fortune by him.' so why not you.
HE TELLS YOUR FULL NAME. MOTH-
ER'S MAIDEN NAME. &c. HE ALSO GIVES
ADVICE ON BUSINESS. SPECULATION. IN-
VESTMENTS. Insurance, changes, travels,
health, sickness, love, divorce. MARRIAGE.
LAWSUITS, separations. WILLS, deeds, mort-
gages, patents. CLAIMS, collections, etc. He
will tell you what trade, business or profes-
sion you are adapted for.
LOVE, COURTSHIP snd MARRIAGE.
Gives truthful revelations on all love affair*.
troubles, marriages, and by proper advice re-
stores lost affection, reunites the separated,
settles lovers' quarrels,- tells you WHEN AND
WHOM YOU WILL MARRY and how to WIN
the man or woman yuu love, and how to make
your husband or wire be true to you. and how
to overpower alt your enemies: gives full *?cret
how to control and charm any one you love
or meet. ■ •
HE NEVER FAILS to GIVE PERFECT
SATISFACTION.
You are told how to avoid weakness, warned
against all treacherous friend*. Locates burled
treasure*, mines, -old estates, lost friends, etc.
COMMENT OF EUROPEAN PRESS AND
BOME DISTINGUISHED PERSONS.
As a palmist and psychic Sir Henry Prlohard
Is without an equal; all should see him.— Dally J
Graphic.
Sir Henry Prlchard, the palmist. l« the man
of the hour— his name Is a byword In every j
household. The common query I*: Have you j
been to Sir Henry, the palmist? lie Ic so j
wonderful, etc.— Standard.
Sir Henry Prlchard. the leader of his pro-
fession, Is a marvel. He tells the Innermost se-
crets of one's very soul; he Is always busy.
—Morning Post. ■ . . '
Sir Colin 8cott-Moncrleff says: That fellow
Prlchard beats my time. He told me every-
thing I wanted to know and more too. I have
profited greatly financially by following -his
advice.
Prince Adalbert of Prussia says: Sir Henry
is the most wonderful clairvoyant I ever con-
sulted. He Is well read and the master of his
profession.
Princess Christian says: Prlchard Is the
most accurate palmist I ever consulted. He
tells the truth.
TO OUT OF. TOWN PARTIES: .
If you cannot call, write and send $1. 2o
stamp, date of birth and 3 questions and re-
; celve correct answers by return mall. All mall
matter and P. O. money orders should be ad-
; ilreaned to Sir Henry's private secretary. Mr.
C. F. Walsh (this address).
Hours— Ualty, 10 a. m. to 7 p. m. Sunday,
10 to 6. • . ! >
Suites 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16% (The Vendome),
1104 MARKET ST., corner of Turk.
One flight up. Maid In attendance.
See displayed on page 30.
MME. M. BERNARD. ~" " ""' ■ ; ~
r* THE FAMOUS -
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third »V, next Examiner bldg. She
, reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
- scrlptlon of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portray* eventn to occur tn the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble; discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or. have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult .this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
I them. Valuable advice In all affairs cf life;
25c up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
! MISS M. WILLE. 826A Ellis st. the only cryf-
tal seer, clairvoyant,' business medium; reads
your life correctly; gives names, dates, facts,
| etc.. reveals the past and gives correct fore-
cast of your future;- If you ; are -discon-
tented, unhappy, - love, bunlnesa troubles, not
• satisfied ' In. life, consult' this great medium
and you will be told how to overcome them;
readings BOc. $1; hours 10 s. m. to 8 p. m.
BROOKS. CLAIRVOYANT. AND MEDIUM:
Do you wish to succeed? Are you making a
change in business? Are you 111, depressed or
uncertain? Why not seek the fullest knowl-
edge that will help . you to auoceed ? Letters
containing stamp i answered. BROOKS, 1206
. Market, rooms 34 and 86, cor. Golden Oats. ■
|',' ..■ ' - '' ,, ' :';*" ■[',' ■ y. " % >■ '.'■;■.■ ■ :■ i' '.'.•:■'
BE sure* and read of ISMAR'S wonderful power
Ion page 23 to-day. ■ . • ,
■./■■■ ■•■ ■•■'""—" ' : :.J> /> ,V^r" V*
. V ■ ' i -r:'*"V; ■ : :--. 1 ' .•■/■»' ;.;:,' -
CI<AIRVOYANTS^-Con<liiw»'«.
A— ••■ •-" ■-.-.• ZAN' ZAN ■■■■! -■-"■.■■' - . ■• .-■■
r, , KNOWN FROM OCEAN TO OCEAN.
'DIRECT FROM CHICAGO AND DENVER.
OVER 20 TEARS A MEDIUM. ,
NOT A PALMIST,' BUT A CLAIRVOYANT.
ZAN ZAN reveals fate, ambition, tragedy,
comedy, happiness; ONE glance he knows; he
declares his judgment is Irrevocable In all af-
fairs that make up human existence. .' ; /:.;■;
Il-GENERAL READINGS-ll
, ' No pay in advance. . -. :. r
Don' t compare ZAN' 8 general readings with
the same as' advertised by others. .,'»..■: :
A lifetime of faithful, untiring attention - to
each- and every patron Is the record of ZAN
ZAN. Ninety-seven persons in every 100 come
through recommendations of others.
NO CHARMS. PADS, BELTS NOR TALIS-
■ MEN. • •-•>••■ '■ : . ■
• ■_.-.; STRICTLY STRAIGHT READINGS.
Only one In the world advertising to tell exact
thought or question In your mind, i POSITIVE-
LY ASKING NO QUESTIONS, OR MAKE NO
CHARGE FOR READING.^
Call you by name. Tell your age. ' ; V "
Where born. Mother's maiden name. : . '■
Ever marry. Who, when. • ■• • .'.-•?
Name of past, present or future, love. ... •■-'.•
Tell If friends are living or dead.
Locates diseases. Not a word spoken. Stolen
articles. What. If recover.
locates scars, birthmarks on your body, al-
though hidden by your clothes. • ■ ■
Any question connected with human \ destiny.
ZAN not only gives you facts, figures, date*,
but actually tells names, times, points, places
and the circumstances connecting them.
ZAN'S work unlike all others; no sealing of
questions In envelopes, impression paper, car-
bon copies, alcohol, pads, pellets; no going out
of room behind curtains, screens; no wires,
strings, mirrors or confederates. .' ;
REMEMBER— You don't tell him your ques-
tions, nor need you speak, during the reading.
Write any questions at your home on any kind
of paper you choose. Can give Instant answer
to your questions. UNDERSTAND, positively
not seeing your writing. ZAN, besides answer-
Ing your questions, commences your reading at
childhood, going year by year through the vari-
ous experiences of your life in so plain a way
that you will be astonished at the knowledge
possessed by ZAN of your most secret person-
al affairs.
BEWARE OF IMITATORS WHO USE MY
NAME OR COPY MY ADS.
The finding over 1000 miles away of the body of
Mrs. Brewer in South Sansfleld, Mass., last
year after three months' vain search by the
police and detectives. ZAN was consulted, and
Instantly gave minute directions, which her
son followed to the exact spot where the body
lay. This is only one of the remarkable feats
done by ZAN. '., ... . .
Call at office; you will find columns of news-
paper articles descriptive of above; also no-
tices regarding other strange, marvelous deeds.
NOT PAID for advertisements, but on v true
merit, from such papers as New York Journal,
New York World. Philadelphia Press. St.
Louis Post, Chicago Inter-Ocean, Chronicle,
Times-Herald-Record. Saturday Blade. Cin-
cinnati Enquirer and many others from all
parts of the United States.
NO DIFFERENCE HOW KEEN AND
SHREWD you may be. The more Intellectual,
the more experience you have had, the more
you will appreciate his readings. One visit will
make you his friend. .: ; ;
No mall work. Lady attendant. The most re-
flned need not hesitate to call. ZAN lives m
hla own home with wife, and family.
Hours. 10 to ». - Sunday. 2 to 6.
226 Taylor et, between Eddy and Ellis.
Bring' Call ad. with you.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED- ' /
, IN ms OWN^HOM^ street
WESLEY ORMAN. ' --^
PSYCHIC. TRANCE. CLAIRVOYANT MEDI-
UM. HE WILL TELL YOU WHAT YOU
CALLED FOR-ANYTHING YOU WANT TO
KNOW. ;;■ - ■■ . ■ :;-. ,. ;■/ .
$5 READINGS REDUCED TO :o '.-■
BOc— SPECIAL READINGS— 50c / . >
FOR A SHORT TIME WESLEY ORMAN
WILL GIVE SPECIAL READINGS FOR Me.
AND THIS PRICE WILL HE FOR A SHORT
TIME ONLY. AS WESLEY ORMAN'S PAR-
LORS ARE CROWDED. •. :. .
WESLEY ORMAN. !
THB FIRST REGISTERED AS WELL AS
THE FIRST* GRADUATE PALMIST AND
CLAIRVOYANT EVER IN SAN FRANCISCO.
WILL FOR A SHORT TIME GIVE 60c SPE-
CIAL READINGS. 5OC. . :
To demonstrate to the people of Ban Fran-
cisco WESLKY ORMAN'S absolute superiority
over so-called mediums and self-styled clair-
voyants and palmists, whose praise comes from
their own lips only, and whose ability i» ap-
parent only In their advertisements. HE WILL
FOR ONE WEEK GIVE COMPLETE READ-
INGS for 50c. This Is as long as this price
will continue. >■
$10 READINGS REDUCED TO
GENERAL READING ONE DOLLAR— $L
The immense crowds that have visited the
parlors of WESLEY ORMAN in the last five 1
months, and the fact that people having read-
ings come back and bring their friends,
PROVES WESLEY ORMAN'S POPULARITY, j
and accuracy with which HE must read events
in the life.
PALMISTRY Is an exact science, and It ex-
cites the wonder and admlratton of the most
okeptlcal. It Is the truest way yet discovered
to open the sealed book of the future, and tn
PALMISTRY HE TELLS YOU THE COM-
PLKTE STORY OF YOUR LIFE AS TOLD
BY THK LANGUAGE OF THE HAND.
WHILE IN CLAIRVOYANCE HE TELLS
YOUR NAME. AGE. OCCUPATION AND
GIVES NAMES. DATES AND FA6TS. SHOW-
ING THAT YOUR LIFE TO HIM IS AN
OPEN BOOK,
DO YOU WISH TO KNOW FACTS THAT
YOU 8HOULD KNOW?
Will you succeed In business or your undertak-
ing? If you are loved? What business or pro-
fession you ahculd follow? If you are going to
be lucky in mining or speculation? If absent
friends will return? If past troubles will tor-
ment you In the future? Does another share
the love anil attention that should belong to
you? If you will attain your ambitions? :
DO YOU WfSH TO BE ABLE TO LOCATE
MINERALS OR HIDDEN TREASURES? DO
YOU WANT TO MZ A GOOD MEDIUM OK J
CLAIRVOYANT? THAT YOU MAY EAILV 1
FROM $10 TO $25 PER DAY? THEN CALL \
UPON WESLEY ORMAN. HE IS THE PEEK
OF DF.VELOPERS, AND IF HE FAILS TO !
DEVELOP YOU IT WILL COST YOU NOTH-H
ING. ' .-.". : ' j
WESLEY ORMAN READS THE FUTURE
AS ACCURATELY AS THE HISTORIAN RE-
CORDS EVENTS OF THB PAST. . j
■ He causes speedy and happy marriage, set- ;
ties lovers' quarrels, reunites the separated, rn- J
ables you to win the affections of the one you ■
desire. Long standing and chronic disease that
has baffled the physicians' skill, cured without
the u«e of medicine. In a wont, whatever your
troubles, he will help you or charge nothing for
his services. • .
ARE YOU UNDER EVIL INFLUENCE?
BOc— SPECIAL READINGS— 60c
GENERAL READING. $100.
HOURS. 10 A. M. TO 7:30 P. M. :
SUNDAYS CLOSED.
WESLEY ORMAN. .
41? ELLIS STREET. .
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1208 Mar-
ket St., cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
21; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells
past, future; never falls; has the greatest
Egyptian secret: shows picture future hus-
band or wife; fee 25c and up: satisfaction to
everybody; open Sundays; hours, 10 to I p. m.
215'^ Sixth st. , V
A-LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT.
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast:
he succeeds when others fat!; permanently
located at 125 Turk st. ; readings by mall.
LADIES, 60c; clairvoyant, scientific palmist,
card reader, tells you how tp be successful
In your undertakings and all things pertain-
ing to life. PROF. WELLER. . 1007H Market
st. near Sixth. ■ .
MISS M. WlIiLE. S2«A Ellis st, clairvoyant
crystal seer;. reads your life correctly; gives
nsmes, dates, facts, tells everything; read-
ings, 60c, $1; hours, 10 a. m. to S p. m.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant ft card
reader, born with double veil— second sight:
diagnoses diseases with life reading; ladles 60c.
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $160. 128 Turk.
I8MAR, the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located U4S Market, ©p-
1 posits Sixth; private readings daily. 10 a- ox.
to 1 p. m. Bundays from 10 to 11 a. m.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader: from Louisiana;
..only 10c; from 1 to 8. IM Minns, st.. nr. 4th.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
» reader. 11 8th; German spoken: tel. Jessie 1513
MRS. MALLORY, 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
v. spirit card. reader: consult me; L. 23o; Q. 60c.
MME. WALTER8. great card reader; ladies 25c;
- gents 50c. 981. Mission, nr. 6th; open Bundays.
MRS. I BROWN,- clairvoyant, card reader; la-
dles 25c; gents 60c: readings dolly. 132 Sixth.
MRa. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 816 OTarrell to 222 Eddy.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader; palmistry;
truth or no pay; 85c. 1149 Mission, over store.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; t5o up. » Fourth st
CARD reading, palmistry included, 25c; ladles
- only. 8» Fell st, , ■
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you -become disgusted with poor work
■ send to SPATJLDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Teharoa st; teL South 40.
MODERN CO. ; steam cleaning, 8c; laying;
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301; 923 Mission.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning.
»o; renovated, retold. 104 14th st ;tel.Capp 25&
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st:
_ tel. Main 394. QEO. WALCOM A CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st; tel. Mission 263.
CONK LIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works;
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 128.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. O. H.
STEVENS, Mgr.. 38-40 8th st.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th st; tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLTJMB^AN'Law^and i Collectlon^AgencyT ■•th
floor; 916 Market st; advice free. Tel. Bush
194; able body of attorneys. __^
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
unless successful. Room 310. 927 Market st
:- . . COTTAOES to'LET.-
COTTAGE, large grounds, barn, chicken
houses, flowers. Call LONDON'S. 317 Powell
St., between 12 and 3. -
A— SUNNY cottage, < rooms, bath; modern.
2211 Webster St.. near Clay.
$6— COTTAGE 4 rooms; worth J12 In city; near
Crescent ave. Apply 64 Sliver at. off Third.
CHIROPOUISTg.
Ingrowing toenalls, bunions and (corns cured
painless) no knife. Dr. Brown, graduated chl-
ropodlst. Indorsed by med. prof'n. 304 Stockton.
~ ~ DENTISTS. .
A-DR." T*.*B?HIGGInV."92T MarkeTst ; Emma
Spreckels bldg.— Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings. $1 60; other flll-
. Ings. $1; gold and porcelain crowns. $3 up:
plates, a full set of teetb that look- natural
and guaranteed, 13 up.
Painless extraction.
I do first-class work only and guarantee It
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience: no students: advice free: prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns. $3 60 up; plates, extractions free. $4 (0
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. .THATCHER. P.P.. S.. manager.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone— cannot break;
warracted 20 years; crowns $3 60; fillings 60o;
plates $5. full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dentaj Parlors. 24 Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 233 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
LOWEST prices In S. F. : painless extraction.
60c. N. Y. Dentists. 988 Mission. SE. cor. Ith.
YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work by
going to DR. BROWN. 64 Sixth st
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy st— Work done
on weekly Installments: lowest rates.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st
DR.R.L. WALSH. 815% Geary, nr. Larkin— Pain-
less extract lon,50c;platei $3 up;phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. O. -TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
amlner building: formerly In Murphy bldg.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREEL Y'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Class rates ; patterns cut 1019 Market st
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor A Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL . ENGI-
NEERING— Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night 24 Post st, S. F.;
catalogue froe.
AYRES' Leading Business College. 723 Market—
$8 per month: $30 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education: shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, "penmanship. [
spelling, Spanish, etc.: experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.. ;
S. F.— Thorough courses: complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night: catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical col-
leges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A— The official reporters of theSupremeCourt ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. la this advice worth fol-
lowing? Life scholarship ISO; catalogue.
DANCING— Ladies and gentlemen trained to
become teachers; also pupils prepared for th*
vaudeville stage at IRVINE'S. 421 Post st
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern raethds; positions for all graduates;
j new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.; individual Instruction: catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mlnlng.mech.sur-
vey. assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City HalL
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates A bookkeep-
ers Is TARR. the expert. 220 Parrott building.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand coats only $60. San Fran-
clsco Business College. 1236 Market st t
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell af.
A— Miss Bolte's School. 2734 Pine st; board;
Eng., French. German, music; $30 mo.; coach.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 12S Mason st
WANTED— A lady teacher of refined English.
State terms to box 2452. Call office.
BOUVIERE School of Acting. 28 O'Farrell st.
. room 30; positions guaranteed.
-PROF. C. Hoffman, tenor and voice builder:
. Italian method; concert and opera. 1017 Sutter.'
Violin, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
. teacher. IOCS Mission; Instruments selected.
SPANISH taught; correct pronunciation; terms
moderate. J. II. GARCIA. 704 Sacramento st
FIGURES— Nothing like it for rapidity; $3.
'. TARR. 220 Parrott bldg., gives particulars.
MAIIY'P. WESTHAUS. plar.o, mandolin, guitar
; lessons, 60c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st
LEO Cooper's School of Acting. 814 Geary st;
: day and even, classes: send for new circular.
ENGLISH. Latin, Mathematics^ Literature a
specialty. MISS ROULSTON, tt OTarrell at.
Chicago Business College, 1433 Market nr. 10th—
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping. $6 mo.
SUNNY room In exchange for lessons in draw-
Ing and painting; credentials. Box COT. Call.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION-nlght class. 424 Pine st
HEALD'S Business Collcg*, 24 Post st. 8. 7.;
founded 1863; new 80- page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc. ; day or eve. : $5 mo. 1024 Mlsalon. nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE reliable house cleaning: also
cooks and waiters furnished at short notice.
George KInochtta. 4233 Page st.r tel. Fell 8501,
• br'ch 6C5 Stevenson, cor. 7th; tel. Folsom 2711.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds-
cooks, waiters and house servants.- GEO.
AOKI ft CO.. 421 Poat st; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st; tel. Bush 616.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 418 Powell, nr. Suttcr;tel.Black 6072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 815 Stockton; Main 6181.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
YOUNG girl. 15 'years, wishes position to do
housework. 1 City Hall place. .
STRONG American woman wants houseclean-
Ing, washing and ironing by the day; $1 and
carfare. 731 Folsom st
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day
waahlrg. Ironing or housecleanlng. Please
call 1331 Pacific st.. dowstairs. "~ ln *- - **"*
A YOUNG woman wants washing, ironing.
housecleanlng by day. . Box 2407, Call office.
A REFINED young lady wishes position as
companion to lady in city; willing to be
generally useful; sood sower: .small aalarv
Box Z478. Call office. ■ " salary.
FINE fitter. European taught, sews out; $150
and carfare. A. J., S03 Larkin st.
A YOUNG lady stenographer deslreT*posltion;
references furnished; operates any machine'
own machine If desired. Address O. M tos
Clement st. \ . ; . . "r.V.
AN experienced nurse wishes engagements in
surgical or confinement cases; reasonable-
.^ri^^enth^V. W » dd "», :
gagements in f families; $l » per day; refer-
.•aces.ua Web.ter st. :
EMPLOYMENT WAHTKP-- FE3ffAT.IB.
REFINED young woman weald like poeltlfln
taking charge of Invalid lady: refereaceii _
given. Call 719 Poat st f
A COMPETENT woman with best of referen-
ces wants any. kind of light work by Jo*
day or half day. Addre— 60 Hermann st.
POSITION wanted by German nurse to take,
care of children. Box 2503. Call office.
COLORED lady wants situation **•«* for
private family or boardlng-hoase. 100* 43ay st
A REFINED companionable young lady *£*»•
position to attend invalid lady: woaJA do
mending; state wages. Box 2479. Call once.
REFINED girl wlshe. "fht bxxusewortt: s»
children or window cleaning; $12. Address or
call Monday. 2334 Sutter st
WOMAN would Uke plain sewinr to do at
home. 230% Third st ___________„
RELIABLE woman wanU work bj tne day;
washing and house cleaning: $1 day. MRa.
BONNTO. 1103 Powell Bt •
RELIABLE girl wants situation ta assist , to
housework and cooking. Address J. P., V»*
Valencia st. ■-■■• '
WOMAN wishes a place to assist wlta house-
work; reasonable wages. Addre— 23 Page.
A COLORED woman wants housework, half a
day, by the week. Please address 1137 Paclflo.
WOMAN wants any kind of wort by day. '
washing, ironing or housework. Please call
or send postal. 701 Natoma st. f
EXPERIENCED woman would like work, la
restaurant, boarding or lunch house to wait
or assist in kitchen.. Call or address s Te>
baroa st., near First.' . * . -
GOOD, willing woman; a great housed saner g
and can do most any kind of work; good rex- I
erences; wages $1 per day and car fare; good
washer of flannels. 760A Howard St.. room 4.
A LADY of 10 yearm* experience wishes position
as housekeeper for first-class rooming house
or hotel by January 1 In exchange for rooms
and board;) best references. Box %!&. Call.
DRESSMAKER from New York wants engage-
■ menu In families; tailor-made and beaatlfut
gowns made; satisfaction guaranteed. 4S
Butter at
WOMAN wishes position to do housework la
small family. 306 Larkin st, room 60.
PROTESTANT woman wishes housekeeper's
position tn Christian family; steady and re-
liable. Call for three days at 2015 Hyde st,
near Union. ■ ■ .
COMPETENT, experienced lady stenographer
desires position; good correspondent; refer- j
ences. Address box 2581. Call office.
A— 14- YEAR-OLD girl wishes position to take
care of child or very light housework. <90Y
Twenty-fourth st. near Sanchea. ■
REFINED young ladr French teacher wlsnesj
to exchange lessons or light services for room
or board; refs.; experience. Box M9X Call.
A WOMAN wishes chamber work or wash
dishes In hotel in city; reference. 91? Market.
A GERMAN girl wishes situation for general
housework In a small family; l» aa excellent
cook; best of reference. Call or address Hum*
boldt House, 1309 Stockton st
A GERMAN lady (married), good cook, wlshe*
a position in a cafe or restaurant; not short
order. Please call bet. 10 a. m. and S p. nv,
817 Jones st MR3. M. HOFFMAN.
COMPETENT dressmaker wishes work In fanT>
lly; reasonable. Address A. B., Call branch,
tS3 McAllister st. '
NURSE (middle age) will take toll eharga of
Infant or old person. Box 24M. Call.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 20O rooms; 25c,t» SI 50 per night: $1 SO ta
SS week; convenient and respectable; - free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. COO FUlmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10M
Valencia at.
EMPLOYMEXT W^TOD-^MALE.
SITUATION wanted, porter or houseman, by
young man. stranger In city; willing worker;
also good on horses; references. Box 2427.
Call office. .. ■■
A YOUNG man, German, wishes position as
hotel clerk or bartender, city or country;
best references. Box 2503, Call office.
COOK, good all around man. want* situation.
• 615 Natoma at. between 7th and tta.
POSITION by middle-aged man as collector,
night clerk or watchman; good references.
Box 8432. Call ogee.
AN American of good address and business
ability wishes to associate himself with
some new enterprise or agency Just estab-
lished or about to be. requiring such services:
thoroughly competent to take charge of office, .
correspondence, etc., or do outside rostllnf I
present remuneration no consequence; best / I
references; no bunko games considered. Be* *
2U4. Call offlca. - . . . . ■
YOUNG man wants work of any kind by th* ,
day. week or month. Box 2477. Call ogcc>
YOUNG man familiar with city, good team-
ster, well educated, desires work on delivery
wagon or general work la store. Box 2435.
Call office. . ■•■.-■■■- ' - ' .
ACTIVE, sober old man wishes any ktnrt of .
light work. Box 2475. Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED American, good references,
wants country place to care for; accosioincd
to orchard, horses, poultry, plain gardening.
etc.; moderate wages. Box 250a, Call offlca,
A YOUNG man. willing to work, desires situa-
tion of any kind; can furnish tne beat of
references. Address box 2511. Call offloe.
SITUATION on ranch or private place by a
young man of 24: willing and obliging; a good
horseman: handy with tools, etc.. •la. J. J..
box 2409. Call offlce. -
MAN of 10 desires position as collector; outside
real estate or any position Of responsibility;
unexceptional references. Box tOA, Call.
MARRIED man wants work of any kind; ta
sober and a good worker. 43. H, THOMAfV.
1128 Howard st.
SOBER. Industrious man and wife want posi-
tions on a ranch. C. A. THOMAS. 11a 3
Howard st.
RELIABLE man wishes a position: thoroughly
understands the care of trottlag horses, car*
of garden and milk oow: Is generally useful:
good references. T. S.. tl% Haxxlsoo ave.. oft
Folsom st ■'
YOUNG man about SO, sot afraid to work,
wishes position to do any honorable Indoor
work; small salary at first no object; bond
If necessary. Box 9428. Call offloe.
ARTISTIC gardener, all branches, seeks posi-
tion; highest references. 313 San Pablo ave,.
Oakland.
WANTED— Situation by a first-class bread and
cake baker: strictly sober: country preferred. .
Addresa box 2413. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man with best of references
and < years experience In San Francisco,
wants lodging house to manage; either salary
or per cent of profits. Box 2534. Call office.
COACHMAN, thoroughly understands his) bu*N
ness in all Its branches; horses and carriages
and driving; best of references. A young
- man desires position In gentleman's family.
Box 2432. Call offlce.
COACHMAN and gardener or porter In a
place where a trustworthy man Is wanted;
references and bonds If required. Please ad-
dress box 2472. Call offlce.
OPENING desired by hustling, successful
Eastern specialty salesman: any line: wining
to start in at bottom and learn: Paclflo
Coast 1 trade acquaintance; references. Box
2467. Call offlce. .
RELIABLE man wishes position to drive
milk or baker wagon. Address box 2445. Call.
YOUNG man of excellent business experience
wishes position in which there Is a future,
with party or firm where push, energy and
executive ability will be appreciated and
where a position of trust may be had after
a demonstration of ability; an Interview will
convince you of my progressivaness. Box
2462. Call office.
SITUATION wanted— Toung man. energetic
diligent, sober, has college education, city ex- ,
peiience, desires offlce position. Addresa box
J354. Call offlce.
PAPERHANGER anfe painter having complete
outfit tools wants work. 1302 Webster st:
tel. Jackson 1321. ■
SITUATION wanted , by young, colored man la
kitchen as dishwasher, anything. " Address
THORNTON WALL. 147 Stevenson- irt.
WANTED— A position as Janitor; can furnish
first-class reference. Address 27X7 Franklin st
A JAPANESE boy wants a situation as school
boy In a nice family tn the city. u.
YAMANE. 807 Polk St.; telephone 1441.
JAPANESE flrst-clasr 000k wants a situation
. In private family: understands any stylo cook-
I - >ng ' -^PP'y YAMAf 923 Sacramento st. .
A JAPANESE boy, 1J years old. wants a post-
tlon aa schoolboy In the city. N. HIOASHI-
DA. 621 Jessie st. ' ■ . . .. ;
FINANCIAL.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. Cine)— W*
have 42 offices tn operation; new method of
placing stocks and bends; -companies Incor-
porated: stocks and bond* underwritten. Call
or address main offlce. 607-8-9 Parrott bldg. .
COMPANIES promoted and financed, stock
taken in payment for servlcee: good mining
and industrial propositions wanted: gold
'bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MININO
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 32s Post at. r ,
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly Vi
Call. 1<! pages, sent '. to r any address Ui the * t
United States or Canada on* ytar tor ft >Y FLATS TO LET.
FOUR new Cat*. i»ntitr 50 to C7 50: « and
T rooms and bath: _TT-_S1 Green St.. near
f'flner. VON RHEIN Real Estate Co.. Hi
Olifornia et.
JCKW flat to rent and furniture for sale cheap;
very sunny and he*t location. Call at LON-
HO.V5. 317 Powell »t.. bet, IS and J.
A— SUNNY 4 rooms; warm belt. 3* Julian ave.,
bet. 14th ami 15th. Mission end Valencia sts.
ELEOAJCT unwr flat. : large Bunny rooms and
lath. „!» gutter St.. near Pierce.
HARRIET. S3?, bet. Sixth and Seventh. Bran-
ran and Bryant— 4-room flat: $10: no children.
iloPERN lower flat of 5 rooms and bath: rent
fl«. r?Z<\ McAllister et.
TO M-Elrgant l»nre lower flat. HsF^VaslT
irj:u->n ft., between Scott and Devlsadero.
GEARY. 1131. bet. Van Ness ave. and Franklin i
ft— Modern 7 rooms, bath; rent $32 50 •
© TARRELU MOO— Sunny corner .Cat, 7 roomsT '
liath and laundry; water free; eam<" as new. !
OK*: vrEST and best in America -The~We*kiy i
Call. :« r*C«». **nt to any address in the
I'nited States or Ccr.ada one year for $L
FLATS WA^rrEToi
WANTED— FumlEhfd flat of & rooms near cen-
ter of city. Pox 2S— . Call office.
r.KF'.NED couple want to rent for $15 small. I
:-.»•«;. furnished flat. Kit Jones »t
■J, KUaSITCRE FOH SALE.
i KOCMS furniture for sale; must be sold 963
Jegerson si. Oakland; call from 10 to t dally.
4 nOOMS furnished tn oak, $48 60 with No ~7
— in«re. King Fximltura Co.. 1127-11Z1 Market.
rOR sale— Furniture of 5-rnora flat. Apply M
Ninth st.
FtRMTIRE WANTED.
XnXMOH buys all kinds of household roods!
ITIO Market: tel. South 413.
A WOLLPERT. 77J Mission St.. pays hichest I
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1334. i
A^.STORRS. C34 EUS* et. ; telephone Larkln j
~tt: highest price paid for furniture, carpets. }
TEL. Jessia T61 before selllnc furniture, car- j
ret». ptano». etc. CHAS. LEVT. 113* Market, j
CLOVES.
I". 4k T. new Jl rlove. retailed at factory price; I
warra—ted: >ept in reptlr. m flrant av«
UGLr WANTED FEMALE.
t TRAINED nurse*, ha vine the best of physi-
cians' references, wish cases See J. F. CRO-
SETT _ CO.. 554 Sutter ft. _____
LADIES looking for the best class of servants I
wtll find such at J. F. CROSETT & CO."S, |
S34 Sutter st. »
V.-ANTED^-44 irirls for cookinr. 13 and $J0. |
■ some plain washing; French nurse. $2S; Ger- j
- man nuree. tZo: 4 sc-.-.md Flrls. iSO and $15; '
«!?<■• a Protestant laundress for institution. '•
*30. cook, family boarding-houre, $30; dean- ■
inn woman for Institution. SItf. »n<! others.
J Apply to J. F. CROSETT <t CO., 334 gutter. !
WANTED— Head waitress. $_, and J other j
; .v waitresses. $C0. fcr new place Just opening; '
a!ffo tome waitresses tor city family hotels j
; . and country at $>- Apply to J. F. CROSETT •
_ CO.. 134 Sutter st j
WANTED— A first -clas* American cook for one !
. ■_ «f our be*t families; s-hort distance tn coun- ;
■' : -' ':■ trt": no »a5h: $33: vte also want J cooks. .
.. O»rrr.an style, at Jii. Apply to J. F. CRO-
;;.*• S'ETT & tX«.. 334 Matter st.
•.-MRS. IT. K. DAY~&V67:..'. Phone Main 157S i
; . HOTEL DEPARTMENT
* waltree***. nrst-clafs oomnjercial hctels.
■- 4 wai:rc-*»*s, ettr, $»; waitress, city.
ti&: I chambermaids to wait. |»: chambe.r-
.-■ maid. $_.
V" . FAMILY DEPARTMENT
: r .- Cook. {30: housoirir! $30; 4 cooks and house-
t - - ' clrls. ccuntr}'. *-»■ nurse, one babj*. $20 to
-■ ■' KZ: hottse^irl. ccuntry, $ii, choice place
MRS. M. E. DAY fc CO.. 525 Geary »t-
A— 3 NEAT young- saievUdies for candy ctore,
fT week, no experience necessatr. MRS. M. i
E. DAY _ CO.. SZ» Gnry «t.
A—: YOf Nt> ctris about 16 to IS years old for
car.dy rtetctT. W week. MRS. M. E. DAY &
CO.. rrs Gearyjjt.
AN experienced salesladj- to take charge of
small candy store, $£ week and increase.
MRS. M. E. DAY A CO.. 33S Geary st.
EXl'ERIEN'CKD neck band ar.4 body machine
irosers: workicr hours from ":Vi a. sn. to S:J1 i
p- s=. Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough I
ar.4 Grcve sts.
LADIES — Genuine heme work, wrltlnf ; no ■
canva«'.Rg; penraaent; call 9 to II, Monday '
to Friday, or ser.3 :0c for samples. Novelty '
_ Co.. is Edgy st. !
HAIR dress'ng. facial massage. manlcurinB ;
.■ : parlors: glris. "earn a trafle; be Independent: ■
.;-'.- 3 weeks' tuition for I*. «33 Ellis et.. ground
floor.
tTANTED— In a fire Insurance offlce. a compe-
tent srtenotrr&pher experieticed in h<inr51lr.c
correapondence. Address box Z5C4. Call office.
"'ANTED— Girl for genera! housework; must J
be a eood cook; 3 In family: wages $2C Apply j
Mcr^ay morning. 816 Scctt st. j
WANTED— A youns; rirl for lUcht offlce work: '
m urt be freckled. Apply Monday. 12 to 1 {
_ oclock. at 514 Keamy «u. roora 6. .
EXPERIENCED girl wrappers . wanted, i
GREENBEUG _ GREENBERG. southwest
eomer Geary ut. aad Grant ave. ■ .- J
LADY for Blum's confectionery; must have
experttnee; rer— tanent xxaitloa. Call to-day i
cnr_a Polk ana Matter. •
IV ANTED— A competent girl for downstairs
■vtk and cocking; *tcall family; wages $23.
V.7 Clay St.. near Pierce. ■
NE<"KBAND Sroriers' wanted immediately^ 17
per week. C H. Laundry. .Sixteenth anu
, Valencia rta.
RKSPECTABLE yottng woman ci bath attend-
ant: oae who understands massage preferred.
h-jx u:6. r-ii o.-flce.
GIRL for general housework; German or Scan-
dinavian preferred ; ' in family; wages $20.
;41<> Web«ter ft. ?
WILLING woman . reneral housework, fhort
'!:»iance courtrj'. family of 2, $10. Box 7«Si,
CaM offlre.
iJtDlEfi deflirlng letter wrlttne; at home at st
jfxwl *a!ary a-Jd-ess MRS. CORA HERRING.
Moactairr. N- C.
&EREFCCEO competent lady tor offlce. 123*
Market «t.. room a, third floor; cal^ within
-hr*e daj-s.
V.'ANTED — Flrst-rlass ha!rt»— i imti Immedi-
ately. Apply at 234 O'Farreli st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for llrht housework;
«3g't $K'. Apply st S3 Duncan at.
V.'ANTED— «5<wJ jcJrl to asdrt with house-
AIame4a: waiea $12. Box 2S01. CalL '
APPRENTICE; hiriw-tasii dTeesnakifr- also
' hore gtrls. U_ Bush st.
JTOCNO #rtr! wanted to uke care of baby. f'OC
O'Fa.r— -H «t
NEAT reliable woman for l!,;ht housework arsd
wait -on nkk. 242 Clementina st
Vv"ANTI;D— Good finisher on custsm vests CJJ
<-Uy *t.. rocrn ISA.
NEAT pirl or elderly lady In xm all family to
aa.-ltt. 17c; Ellis «t.
TRAVELER for permanent and most lucrative
bUFinr« >ct known to women. Box 2411/CaM.
EXPERIENCED pr^ts^r for ladles' underwear
and waltts. BAUER CROS CO.. 21 Eamoine.
-•OPERATOR on —mom coatr. BELA8OO ac
HARRIE CO.. 541 Market st.
;: . JfEAT girl to do downstairs, work and cook-
ing. Call WA Post at.
WANTED— An «xp*ri»!nc*d Ulloress to work on
. pants. £41 Minna at., upstairs.
I 'iOOD. rcjiafi!e woman for homework and
• •poking. VO Turk «t. |
Y'yl'.VO la<iy with experirnc* for stationery <
__Hore; i^fitlon t»nn*neM. 22a Post et
GIRL %mnt«:<l to anlPt in housework. 21C6 i
__Iiu*h ut. J
OPKrcATOTtH on Bor.ay mac-Knee and girls !
wtlKng Vi \ta.m. 114 Grant ave., room «& I
CIRLHWUlt California Halrdresslng College. !
\.e. tCMB you halrdreasing. shampoolr.;. man- j
lairing, face ateaminie. mursaice, electrical:
rotlln*. c-upiJin*. Mtaching and dyetnc tl«e :
rialr: full . -,ur-«-. 3 week*: tuition. $1 .VI per
""•**: *<rjn«; this ».] ar.4 get 1 pi»k Paruc!
treatment fr*e. 8u|rrt-m« court building V&
1— rkln tt; take elevator.
-EXPERIENCED oi^rator* on fancy and near." !
llg*« eblru; also a r*w bright girls about it '
. y*ars of age for Instruction; paid while learr- '>
acra 8 "" racu>ry - se$?5?J
IS AND ta p^r week guaranteed; I ladles' a~n£ !
I «e.ntlf-men; theatrical sketch: no previous
experien^- twcenaary. CALDWELL College, of
: Oratory and Acting. Hoover Hall, 1327 Market '
/.A LADY of Indomitable energy, possesaed of
»elf-ariwriion: rood orportunlty to rlcht par-
—____' 1 ' VMefJii room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED— <»ood girl to do light ' housework '
"■ and J-'-lji take care of children. Call at Zi'Jt \
Twenty-fifth. „.. near Church.
_ GEnMAN cirl for cooking, plain Ironing and
"•i Ilirht housework; wa£es $2S to $30. U17 Call-
C fornla «t.
ELDERLY lady wanted; small wages; good
home. 1347 Florida «t.. after 2 o'clock.
TOINO i \ t \ to aiislst in houeework. 3190 fel»
tac&Ui et., near Guerrero.
HELP WAKTED—FEMALB C«">
SO i£S I J K ™ l U 1 ?5 walBt n * nd «: highest wages pa"-
JLDA BROS.. 109 Battery st. -. ".
WANTED— Christian woman for housekeeper
In private family. Box 2<63. Call offlce.
WANTED— Experienced salesladies. Apply bet.
8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.' •
EXPERIENCED silk and nhirt waist hands;
_tood paj". JUDA BROS.. 108 Battery st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st
A tt RA NCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at. 1086
\ alencla st » .
CHEAPE.lT and best in America—The Weekly
Call, ]fi paces, sent to any at&ress In the
United {states or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
mpj^l*., WAVrKB--MAI.E." ~~~
A-MURKAY _ READY 634-636 Clay sU
Phone Main 5S4S
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
SPECIAL TO-DAY— SUNDAY :.
Office Open 9 to 11 a. m. to-day
RAILROAD MEN
Shin To-day Free
Company's Own Work :..
Cal. N. W. U. K Uklah
50 Laborers
1U trackmen $60, free fare
10 section hands $175. free fare
10 laborers, ballast gang $2 day
25 men, no experience required, for laboring
work, ship to-day, free fare; 75 teamsters and
laborers, Uklah. free fare
Farmer and wife, good Job $40 and found
Carpenter for a mine $7&
Furnace man for a mine $65 and houte
2 carpenters, sawmill company.. $30 and found
15 teamsters, new work, long Job $61
5 muckers, quartz mine $33 and found
2 men to burn charcoal
Pruner for vineyard Jl 75 day
S plow teamsters, $26 and $30 and found; 3
milkers; 15 farm hands, choreboys, etc.; man
and wif# for ranch. $40
WOODCHOPPERS
40 woodchoppers and ticmakers to open up a
new camp that will last three years, virgin
timber, level land, company work' prices, red-
wood. 75c; pine. $1 and $1 25; hard wood. $1 SO
cord; ties. 6xSx$. 10c each; special reducod
rates to Job: to go to-day
Young man for offlce work, city dairy
.. HOTEL AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS ..
Short order cook, small place, country; caka
baker, city $13 week
Cake baker, country shop $40 and found
12 cooks, city and country: butcher and drive
vapon, country $30 and found
Steward, country hotel; 6 waiters; kitchen
help, etc
MURRAY & READY S34-636 Clay st.
TO-DAY-SUNDAY 7.. '.
TO-DAY— SUNDAY
TO-DAY— SUNDAY
At C. R. HANSEN _ CO.'S. ...104 Geary et.
Railroad work Free fare
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
50 header and cornermen $2 50
50 drillers $♦ 25
50 muckers $2
FOR UKIAH
Cal. N. W. Ryf Co.'s Own Work
50 laborers $2 a day
For tracklaylng and steel gangs
FOR UKIAH
20 teamsters $2 a day
Ship to-day and to-morrow
C. R. HANSEN - CO 104 Geary st.
AT The California Employment Agency,
S3 Third St.. near Call bid*. : phone Bush 403.
RAILROAD LABORERS
K> railroad teamsters $2 to $125 per dav
FREE FARE FREE FARE
UKIAH
C. N. W. RY
Ship Monday Morning. <:45
5 men make redwood ties. l!r. fare advanced.
Cheap rates to Trinity and Shasta counties.
Z5 laborers $2 25 to $2 SO per day
Reduced rates to Redding, first-class, ship
: Monday
.».. (Office Open Sunday till 12.)
CIVIL Service Government positions: SSS9 ap-
pointments made last year; probably 10,000
this year; only common school education re-
quired for examination: catalogue of Informa-
tion free. Columbian Correspondence College,
Washington. D. C.
WANTEI>7-Canva*sers for high grade portraits;
special holiday offers $3 to $5 per day; com-
plete outfit furnished. PAYNE ART AND
PORTRAIT CO.. 83« Howard st.
STEADY all-around pressman with executive
ability to take chatge of a small plant tn
Oakland: state waxes and give references.
Bex S510. Call offlce.
SALESMAN and show window dresser for no-
tion and department store; permanent posi-
tion to right man. Call PERN A U BROS.. «M
Kearn y st.
BOY wanted. 1C years old: steady Job: refer-
ences required. Apply this day. 11 a. m..
Golden Eajrle Clothlr.r Store. 104' Kearny et.
RELIABLE man. business ability, with $1500.
to Join In profitable manufacturing business.
Address A. M.. Call branch. S~ McAllister st.
WANTED— Dishwasher at ISO* Kentucky st.
WANTED— Boy for wholesale house; state ace.
Box 2514. Call offlce.
WANTEI>— A man that understands poultry
and farming. Call 22(4 Geary st. *
WANTED— Young man about 18; $5 a week to
commence. Apply 123 Pine st. -
STEADY reliable man on bread. 1S17 Powell
, street.
WANTED— A young man to learn confectionery
trade, ics Ninth rt.
SECOND operator on custom coats. BELASCO
6 HARRIS CO.. ail Market at.
BOOKBINDERS— Forwarder, first-clas* general
workman. F. MALLOYE. 422 Sacramento st.
lOING man to amlM In office; references: $20.
Apply own handwriting, box 2525. Call office.
FIRST-CLAPS barber, non-union, wanted. Call
at ftt Clay st.. Oakland, to-morrow 2 p. m.
.WANTED— Five hundred <500) men as team-
sters <2 and 4 horse), and pick and shovel
-work on road and ditch; wages $40 to $45
per month and found; no hospital fees; no
5! f count, pay every 10th of month In
rath: r>o expenses from Tucson to work: all
persons who work fix months will have their
railroad fares refunded from Ran Franc*sco
to Tuc»oa: new work; no Chinese or Mexi-
cans wanted. Report to P. S. ROACH. Tuc-
son. Ariz.
FAITHFUL manager— Old established burlnexs
houhe devires to arrange with capable man.
Kood local ctandlnc to assume charge offlce
thU city; no sotlcltintr; office duties; commer-
cial line; unquestionable references given and
expected; salary $200 ma. expenses, share
esrntrtBjs; yearly engagement: active man with
$1200 cskh. Fupt. box 531, New Haven. Conn.
WANTKD-Min in each county to represent olJ
s?tiit>lffch'-<i house: sclid iinancial standing:
straight, bora flde weekly cash salary of $1S
by check each Wednesday with all expenses
from h**dquarters; money advanced for fX"-
pentrs Manager, W Caxton bldg.. Chicago.
GENTLKMAN" of Indomitable energy and pu*h:
scod opportunity to right man. F. PER8O.V.
room 412. Parrott building.
FIRST'CLASft Kilesman to take complete
chance of the Inside affairs of a merchant
tailoring establishment. Bux 2436. Call.
BOY —anted for Jewelry store. Box 2404, Call'
office. •
"WANTED— Errand beys, large, not under IS.
NATHAN-DOHRMANN CO., 124 Sutter st.
ALL K'.xe* rnen'c shoes, slightly damaged, half
prio-. C-3 Mlscion st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U.
B. navy; able-bodied, unmcrrled men of good
character, between the ageb of 2: and 35; not
\*n> than t feet 4 Inches and not ovrr 6 feet 1
Inch: 'abl* to ppeak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Offlce. 43 Kills »t. Ban Francisco.
1CC0 MKJ.' wanted— Ro«'lc drllierf:. tunnel, brush
and shovel mer. «.o work on ditch line being
conetructfd lor She Hm-eep;take Mining Co..
•.near W*avervllte. Trinity Co.. Cal.; apply or,
work, steady work, soort board and best
wages in fit?te. Pan Francisco Construction
Co.. ?fi Montgomery St.. room J4, tian Fran-
cieco. Cal.-
MEN to learn barber trade: only eight weeks
requlrfd; tools donated: position* guaranteed;
• ataloguf! free Mol.Ki: BARBER COL-
LEGE C2S Clay. ft
WANTKI) — Laborer* and mechanics to know
that Fd .Jtolkln. Ile.no House proprietor, still
run* Denver Hour*. 2S7 Thud St.; 1W> large
rooms; 25c per night, $1 lo $2 per week,
WANTED— Young man who is
wrapper Apply between 8 and 11 a. m., at
HALE BRO8.'
DRIVER for milk waeon. take oar* horses.
426 Connecticut St.; KlKhth-st. can
HIU.IAKI) makers fc'h" also understand var-
niching. Address U C box 24C3, Call office,
C.KT your shoes hsl.'-soled while walling; 25c-
to 60c. K3 Mission tt.. b»t 1st and 2d sts. .
McDONALD A PERRY have too pairs aecon'l-
liin-1 ehoes f»r sale; SOc up. 241 Third at. \
YOl'NG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. 8 V. Barber Collegf. 741A Howard.
ABLE aollrtto— i can ram $W) per week on our
propositions. A. ~. Co , 141* Call building.
SAIMJHH. ordinary, for ehfns for all parts of
the wor'M. H KRMAN'S. 26 Steuart at.
PENS~ION~a7tyT K. A. Hull!«. J. 40, Fhelnn
big. Van com. G«»o H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
WINCHKHTKK House. 44 Third at., near Mar-
k<rt— 7'JO rooms. -Zuc nlsrht: reading rooms; free
"bu» and bagsaga to and from ferry.
CLAS8IF1BD advertlsementa and Kubucrltitlons
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore at
A BRANCH offlre for Call advertisements and
rurarrlptlons has been established at 109$
Valencia at. • -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, DECEMBER j;iUOl.
%• *-' ■- - i-- •'. ■ • T
HORSES AKD WACUNg.
DO not fall to attend' the special auction sale
Wednesday. Deer 4, at 11 a. m., at the Ar-
, cade Horse Market. 327 Sixth st. JOHN J.
DOYLE, auctioneer. ;' . ♦■ ' ■
TWO carloads fine team horses Just in; gentle
broke and adapted tn delivery wagona; excel-
lent opportunity to buy reasonable; f*0 to $120
the team. JOHN II, HALTON. 1732 Market.
FOR sale— A fine black stallion, one gray car-
riage horse, epan young- brpod mares and t
colts. For particulars - address JOHN
SHIELDS, Marshall, Marin Co.. Cal. '■•
BAKKR wagon and harness, both in first-class
condition. Apply. 11 a. m. to 2 p. m. at 373
Telegraph avey Oakland. ; _
FOR sale cheap-Horse for slow work; weight
1700 lbs. Apply Pterce-Rudolph warehouse,
Eddy and Flllmore Ete. ■
ONB aecond-hand undertakers wagon, one, 1-
horse truck, ona 12-passenger carriage. CAR-
VILL MFO. CO., 48 Eighth St. . ■■-
FOK sale-By J. E. FINCH at Eclipse Uable.
1S75 Eddy 6t. a fine lot of carriage, road and
business horses. ' ■■ i
A RESPONSIBLE par|y wants a horse for Ills
keeping; very light work. Apply at 765 'Mar-
ket at., room 2. . .". •
$1CO BUYS sound young horse and good deliv-
ery wagon. G15 Ellis et- ' ..
FINK E-glass landau. 2d-haud Victoria and old
hack, cheap. O'BRIEN'S, Polk & G. G. ava.
A GOOD gentle team of horses for sale cheap,
at 15 Folsom st.
Gentle business mare, ride or drive, $30; busl-
nees buggy. $35; wagon, 130. 21 City Hall ave.
2D-HAND phaetou; extension top surrey; bike'
cart. O'BRIEN'S. Polk st. & Golden Gate ave.
SOME lino gentle carriage and driving horses
for sale at 121 Howard «t.
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIKL. 605 Q. q, ave.
ALL kinds ot wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wa^on. single: also light
camping wagon for sale, t'heap. S3? Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let: send for clr-
cular. O. II. UMBSEN - CO.. 14 Montgomery.
McALLlSTKR, 1733 — Modern 8 rooms and bath;
electric light: vestibule: art wlndo\y; yard.
HOI SCS TO I.KT — 1MIUMSHKU.
HANDSOMELY furnished residence: best part
of Pacific Heights; b rooms and bath: com-
plete, piano, etc.: rent $100. F. B. SUR-
RYHNK. 138 Montgomery el. "
HANDSOMELY furnished 6-room house. 19
l>ulah st.. off Halght, near ihe park.
HOUSES WANTED — FURMSH-U.
WANTED— A well furnished houre or flat of b
or 7 rooms In the Western Addltlou; must ba
flrst-o!t<s!«. Box 3-103, Call offlce. It
j LOST AND KOU.VD.
| LOST— In vestibule of Grand Opera-house last
nlsht, nurse containing diamond pin, dla>
mend locket and chain and about $2 75 in
small change. Please return to 1217 Noe st;
liberal reward. ____________
LOST— A black cocker spaniel: answers to the
name of Remus. Return to 130s Bush st. and
receive revfard.
LOST— A diamond sunburst pin: $o0 reward.
Finder will please return to 2110 California at
LOST— A pass book with the Htbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, tn the
name of AMALIA LEHMAN. No. 209-6ixi;
the f.nder wtll please return to bank. .
LOST— Large black setter dcg. Return to No.
1 Grant ave.; reward.
IT will pay to '■Remember' 1 that th» Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MATTKKSS-S AXU I'lLLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning: honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell st;
_tel. Bush 4?l.
MEDICAL.
DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick- and In
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands: the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken: the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment; free
confidential advice on all subjects ot a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female 'complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
W. O'DONXELL. 101S Market st. opp. Fifth,
A— Dr. & Mrs. Sweet is a- graduate of the Royal
University of Berlin: has had 23 years' expe-
rience in midwifery cases; has opened strictly
' private sanitarium at her own residence, 604 I
Gu*rrero. nr. Hth; takes ladles before ft dur-
ing confinement, with beat of motherly care;
Hi; room & board. $4: infants adopted: every
case guaranteed to be restored to best of
health: advice free; phone Blue 411.
MRS. D.' WYETH and MRS. KOHL, reliable
ladies' specialists for female complaints: In-
stant relief guaranteed; 80 years' experience;
private home before and during confinement
410 OTarrtll st.. near Taylor: hours Mo I.
MRS. M. WEGESEn, ladles' physician, has
returned from the East and resumed business;
home In confinement. 210 Eddy St., near
Taylor.' formerly of 1312 Golden Gate ave. -
THE original MRS. DAVIES Is stltl located at
1Z2S Market; maternity home provided; offlce
hours 19 i. in. to 4 p. rn. and I to S:» p. in.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment: maternity home; home
in confinement. 112» Market st. B. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN. HIS Market- Reliable ladles'
special)" a private home before and during
confinement: best mellcal care; low fees.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN, expert specialists,
well known and reliable; 25 years' practice In
8. F.; maternity home; fee low, tot Market.
DR. NG TOY KEB, 210 Stockton st. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MIXES AXD^ MIMSO.
WANTED— Parties to 'Invest 15000 and become
director* with the Astor Copper Mining Com-
pany. This small sum required to get re-
turns from sales of rich ore already on the
dumps- For further particulars address DR.
A. L. ASTOR. Astor place. East Oakland. Csi.
PRIVATE holder of Montexuma stock can
make $W0 cash by selling 40CO shares for $1000
cash. Write at once.. Box 2416, Call -offlce.
FOR sale— Half Interest In placer mining claim
in th* Bluestone Mining District, \ Alaska.
| Box 1*2«. Call office.
j MONTEZUMA sharchaMers addreaa with 2o
stamp. Box S4M. Call; something of Interest.
MI.MSG A.XD ASSAYING.
FOR/ nale— 162 acres of land In the newly dis-
covered copper belt in Stsklyou County. $10
per acre. Box OC3, Call offlce. Oakland.
CAPITAL wanted for development work on a
well-defined body of free milling ore; Interest
given. Address box 2262, Catl offlce, Onk-
land.
BOILEPK engines. 2ti-hand machinery. Me.
INTOBH g: WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fr%mont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors. reaUurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand: we always have a large stock ot
raloon outfits on hand: 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made: we can ship everything
In 24 hours. J. NOON AN, 1017, 1019. 1021. 1023
Ml««!on Bt.. above Sixth: writ* for catalogue.
LOT machine shop tools, lathes, planers, shap-
ers. etc. ; also cood working tools, such as
hand saws, wood planers, «haper». stickers,
mcrtlsers, saws. etc. J. B. JARDINE, •.-.'0
Fremont st.l
] MATTING and Bamboo Furniture Wholesale
and Retail; Special for Xmas; Children's
I Toy Furniture Bets. .
UYEDA CO.. 422 nnrt 424 Geary at.
LOT pipe bought of U. 8. navy yard, cheap;
all sizes from V* inch to 10 Inch; as koo4 as
new, also n fine lot brass and iron fittings.
H. S. WH1TK. tit Mission st. ,
LACES, direct from Brussels; finest and rarest
kinds cheap: can be aeen at 1590 Alcatrax
ave., Lorln station, Berkeley, or I will call at
your residence; agents* wanted.
'A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
glnrs, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW, 2&-2S5 Spear $L>
A— $3 80 DERBY and Fedora lists. $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, M0 Kearny st., near Pin*.
1 KINK suits, $10; dress pants. $3 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
WILL sell for $100 caih, finest quality sealskin:
• cost $213; bunt 38. .Box 1689, Call offlce.
S*i SMALL dIkh for aale or trade for chickens or
cow. Apply 1333 Mission st., opp. Ocean View.
TITRQUOI8K diamond ring worth $60, only $J8.
Portland Loan cyflce. 25 Stockton at.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scales; Jeweler's steel-
lined Ifnfe^erf^c£^orj^ll8<5allfornla st I
CANARY birds, rollers and ordinary birds
chenp ut LOHMANN'H. 3188 Sixteenth st.
BECOND-HAND combination safe, for salt
cheap, to be seen at 421 Jackson st
COLUMBIA wheel; Al condition; cheap. 703
California M. ...j . . .
NEW Kcathcrr tone wheel with I coaster: must
•ell cheap. S3 Shotwell st. ' . . ■ ,-.'..
ALL are notlflcl that UNCLE HARRIS has
f, retired from business. ' ■ • : .
WILL sell for $1CO caah, finest quality, sealskin;
cost $228; bust 36. (10X1689, Call of flee. >:-» t .
MISCELL AX BOttJS~FDIt ■ • Sf __—■.<;»,, '.'
8 AND 25 H. P. gaaollrie and distillate engines;
latest model. Box 2349, Call offlce. . ■ .
EXCHANGE your old carpets for new D.
QREENWALT, 708 Valencia ; : . tel. Church 1186.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand , modern engines and boll-
ere bought, sold. KroghMfg. Co.. 9 Stevenson.'
NEW Blnger sewing machine: S drawers; oak;
complete; cheap'. 19B Mission, near Fifteenth.
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stones
< bought. T. Ferahtand. 126 Kearny ' st. rm. 29.,
BOATS, launches, rowboats . carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON. • . .', - '•■■■
CASH register (Hall— ood): brand new: reduo.
tlon of $56. H. F. ALLEN. 202 California St.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT, 821 Mission at.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic*
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 181 Post at.
GASOLINE -engines, all slses. new and Zd-hand,
and launches, r E. DOAK, 611 Mission yt. '
• SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento at. -
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st. ' •
M » SCKI.LAS P_°_yS_ .\Y A . X ' rS '
RESPONSIBLE party wants use of piano for
its storage; good care guaranteed. Box 2173,
Call offlce. '. ■ ■ . ■•
LADIES' & gents' good 2d-hand clothing bought
Q. cold. Silverman. 884 Foleom: tel. Folaom 1191.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & TuxV
edo suits. Portland Loan Offlce, 23 Stockton.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WHITRHEAD. 1706 Market st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth at.; tel. Folsom 2S22.
WILL pay cosh nnrt good prices for old seal-
sklns. Box 1205. Call offlce.
HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner building.
f4.SO0.0CO at lowest rates
on first and second mortgages
Life interests In estates
«... Property being held In. trust...;
Undivided interests in real estate
..Life Insurance policies, estates in probate..
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
If You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner bids.
AA-MANHATTAN LOAN CO (Inc.)! !
$3CO.0CO at 6 per cent In sums to suit; city, Oak-
land, town and country property; second
mortgages, life Insurance and securities; loans
on unsettled estates, undivided interests In
real estate and legacies; will purchase above
securities. Tel. Red BO24. MANHATTAN
LOAN CO.. 7th floor, Crocker building..
ANY AMOUNT AT « PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages;
Undivided Interest In real estate in probate..
. Mortgages and legacies bn'isrht: tin delay....
Get my terms before dnlng business elsewher >
H. McCOLGAN 1
14 Montgomery st.. room 8
ANY proposition, any amount; C per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate. Interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room It,
1st floor.Chronlele bldg. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
ANY amount, lowest rates on mortgages, es-
tates, legacies, undivided interests, chattel
. mtgs, etc: enterprises of merit also sought,
* T>. J. HALLOKAX, !C« Kearny st.. room 314.
A RELIABLE corporation established In 18C3;
proper place to borrow money on diamonds,
jewelry, ptanas and sealskins. Columbia "Loan
Offlce. 9 Grant ave.. nr. Mrkt; tel. Black 5471;
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances en diamonds. Jewelry at low.
ect rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84$ Market
>t.; tel. Main 1641. Branch 19 Third st.
MUNICIPAL Luan Office. 1C3 Grant ave.. near
Geary st. ; phone Red 1C01
LOANS on ptar.os. furniture, no Vemoval, libra-
ries, gooda in »-arrhou-e.etc. ;any amount ;low -
est rates: private. Ormaby. ;» Montgomery st. J
CASH loaned 'to salaried people on note with-
out Indorser or on mortgage at 6 per cent per ■
annum. MORRELL. 6C3 Examiner building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission: conflden-
tlal. Room », Conservatory bldg.. 801 Jones.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, on furni-
ture or pianos without removal: any amount:
lowest rates. Becker * Co.. 26 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick: lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
■ age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room «.
ON real estate. 1st ar Id mortgage*. on turn 1 .,
ture or piano* wltiiout removal: any amount:
lowest rates. BECKER _ CO.. 927 Market at.
3% on furniture and pianos: IIS up: no removal;*'
no commission; private. Room SI, « Eddy st.
SV&% ON real estate: mortgaged property ex-
changed for clear. LEVITZKY. 114 Montgom.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos : no removal: no
com mis.; confidential. Whitehead. 1710 Market
OK furniture, planes: lowest rate: no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 118 McAllister at."
ONE per cent on furniture: IS a month on each
$1000; any security. 808 Montgomery st. r. 1.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. RUDELL. TO. Sansome st.
ON SALARIES without Indorser; other propo*
sltlons. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
THE TOU8LEY Company; loans and dls-
counta. m Parrott building. -
LOANS money on aalary; no tndorser; Eaatern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 108 Phelan bldg.
MONEY WANTED.
$1200— At required intorest; real estate security.
O. V.. box 2480. Call offlce.
MUSICAL I.NSTHUMENTS.
THE only piano player for people to buy Is the
(Simplex, because it does better work than
any other and with Iexa than half the effort.
Call and hear one of these wonderful Instru- .
menu play. THE ZKNO MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO.. 789 Market at. - -.
A BIO holiday aale of pianos, to last for four
weeks only. Is now on at The Mauvals Music
Co., 769 Market st. The very best quality of <
goods will be offered at grratly reduced
prices, as the management wish to place 'it '
within tho ability of most any one to possess
a piano. Purchasers ot presents can select
now and have the Instruments kept until
ready for delivery. Payments accepted if not '
convenient to pay cash. THE ZENO MAU-
VA18 MUSIC CO.. 760 Market St.
NOW is the time to have your old piano re-
paired and fixed up.' We have the best fa-
cilities for such work and will make prices .
very reasonable. Pianos tuned by tho year. '
Planca for rent. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MU-
KiO CO.. 788 Market st. . .
AGAIN we remind you .that our piano stock,
both new and second hand, Is the largest west
of /Chicago and includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments ot $• per month; some good •
I'lanos for $2, $4 and $5 per month. SHER- :
MAN, CLAY & CO., Stelnway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter ats., San Francisco; cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland. •
ALL highest grades sold by the Heine Piano
Co., aola agents most famous and oldest
American makes: essy payments: big allow- ]
ance for second-hand pianos: rents U up al-
lowed; bargains, $25 up; Steinwaya. Hit;
Chlckerlngs, fltt; CO others;- agents Wanted.
217 Geary rt. . ■
ATTENTION. BARGAIN HUNTERS— ~^^ .
Second-hand upright pianos from $66 up. ■
j Becond-hand square pianos from $50 up. -"'.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright •
pianos from $175 up. BKNJ. CURTAZ A •
HON. II to 20 O'Farrell. Chtckerlng. Mason
and Hamlln. Vose. Sterling pianos. - I
ANY rlano sold by us taken back any time
within 1 yeara and full purchase price al- i
lowed on a new peerless Knabe, at regular
price; coats you only 20c a day to buy a piano .
from us. KOHLER * CHASE, 80 O'Farrell <
H.; established I860. '
A SMALL Weber upright, 1115; elegant walnut i
cane Knabe upright, almost new; also Steck.
oak rase: Hardman square. $45: organs $25 .
up. BOWERS & SON. 23 Fifth st, IVEKS & J
I'OND and A. B. CAMERON. Agents.
EXCITING bargains— Three cars .new high* '
grade pianos atored with us; ordered sold to I
reallxe advance* iind atorage: dirt cheap (In- '
■tallments). WILSON'S Storage, 1710 Market <
PIANO Dealers— The Wiley B. Allen Cojf , - . .
- , , 933 Market at i3 vl t/
fiteck, Everett. Hardman, Ludwlg and other ;
fine pianos. The Chase A Baker piano player.
Almost new: $500; standard upright piano; sac i
rlflced quick buyer acc'nt death. 71? O'Farrell. .
$«M UPRIGHT left on sale; price $185. R. »1, r
2i7 Qfary st. t" ' ■; ;■ ,, ]
'PIANO free; party will give use of piano to
party who will try to tell It. R. 88. 217 Geary.
.$12*— SCHLEIP uprlght.\ excellent condition.
' $75: Erard upright. Hornung. »6 McAllister. ;
SUPERIOR violins, slthers. old and new. H.
MIILLEH. maker, repairer. 2 Latham plaot. !
BOHMER. Byron Mausy. Lester Hamilton)
Bplelman piano*. 808 Post at ' -
GOOD aecond-hand upright ■ for' aale cheap.
8CHMITZ. IS McAllister st. ' •
AT KEEFFE'B, 22 Turk st. near 'Market-
, Bhoninger. Schubert anrt Stelnway bargains.^
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent, $8 per .'
mo,- PCOTT-rltRTAZ Plann Cf>.. tdo HavVs.
OrriCEB A~T> WTOIt— g" TOM,——. , *
A-LARQB sunny rooms, suitable for doctor or '
dentist, In the Bowhcy building, m Butter st.
$28— LARGE store, 10£< Howard; large yard; .
best buslnors block. Apply store/ . ,- .
[V;_ \ y ■ : -h ■■•' t oil.-' ;';"■'' ;■;;■.■','.' '.''•-
OIL tanks, second-hand.- In; a;ood order-:-' all'
■ si«>a: cheap. H. 8. WHITE. B16 Mission St.
j '• 1'AIKTKRS A>U UBCOKATOllg..-
ROOMS papered from $3 x up; whitening dooe.
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 8d; tel. Red 3521.
palmistry:
HT^IER^M—^FOSKLLiPacien tUlc pal'mlst. 615
Taylor St., bet, Geary and Posn tel. Black 561.
NBERGAARD, president St. Germain Col iege.
•reads from 1 to 4. 700 Post; phone Hyde 2C33.
' J^= *■ VX'VLiS'K it AAU iiiAMOAS. I*S
PENSION advice~Tree7' general practitioner.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. Examiner bldg.
.l»MltSO.VAli».
ARTISTIC hairdresslnj. 25c nianlcuriu»- Zoe,
gents' manicuring 5Uc, bv experts; best hair
work at reasonable prices; baths, most els-
gant in city, 2&c; cur specialties, scalp treat-
ment and lace massage; Patti Beauty Cream
We; headquarters tor genuine Farina Cologne;
. dainty Russian tea served tree to all visitors
at the BON -TON. 324 Post st.
THE Star Hair Remedy Is guaranteed to re-
store gray and faded hair to natural- color;
stop falling.' cure dandruff, grow new . hair;
not a dye; no stain, grease or oil. At drug-
ist8\ hairdressers' or our offlce, 385 Geary St.,
S. F. The Star Remedy Co., phone Black <88o.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments, $1 weekly. L. LEMOS, 1117. Market
St., between Seventh and Eighth. ■ .
A— HAIR, -birthmarks, moles removed forever,
painless and without scar, with electricity, by
MISS GRUBER, the cosmetic artist. $aM
Eighteenth st.. cor. Guerrero; tel. Blue 1361.
ONE BOTTLE ot Plnun will cure any case of
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia ur gout; price
.12 60 per bottle. For circulars,, rinus Med.
Co.. Ut Valencia St.. S. -K.; tel. Church 157L
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market: 700 rooms:
25c to $160 per night; $160 to $6 per week;
tree 'bus and baggage to. and from the ferry.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth, Oakland.
POSITIVE cure for drunkenness, opium and
morphine habits. Mooser Co. Gold Cure; many
testimonials; direction to give secretly; price
|5. Address 1125 Geary st. San Francisco.
WHY Guess? You can be certain of style and
flt by using Standard Patterna; Nov. patterna
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS.
Domestic offlce. #21 Market St.. near Sixth.
FACE massage, complexion beautifying; latest
Continental methods; electric roieau; superflu-
ous hair removed by electrolysis. Mme.Z ephey
*Kia-ora, purlors 330 Sutter: phone Black 1322.
CANCER cured at home by Internal treatment:
no knife, plaster or pain; book and testi-
monial* mailed free. Cancer Institute. 1-1
West Forty-second st., N. Y. ;
A REFINED widow, 29, wishes the acquaint-
ance of a gentleman of means; object matri-
mony; references exchanged. Address box
2517. Call. . ■
ALL having dandruff or losing hair cured: hair
grown; shampooing unexcelled or no charge;
healthful methods only. Mrs. E. R. Dunlap, 34
Kearny at.
DO you write ads? Send address to-day on
• your business stationery for invaluable in-
formation free. Harper Syndicate. Columbus.
Ohio. ' .
GENTLEMAN of 38 would like to meet a re-
spectable lady of means; object matrimony;
no agents. Address box 2433, Call offlce."
MARRIAGE paper, containing hundreds "per-
sonal" advertisements marriageable people,
many rich, mailed free. J.W.Gunnels. Toledo.O.
RARE and unique presents for the holidays at
The Old Curiosity Store. 118 Geary st.. NAT
RAPHAEL; novelties of every description.
ARTISTIC halrdresslng, any style. 23c: rham-
poolng. 60c: manicuring. 23c: ,wlgs: all kinds
of hair goods. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
I i
I WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-<juarter
or double. $2 28. EASTERN OUTFITTING
! CO., 1310-1312 Stockton rt.. near Broadway.
i ■ -
AT cash prices; ladles' tailor-made suits, coats,
silk waists, trimmed hats, skirts, etc.; weekly
'. payments. C. F. ADAMS CO.. 156 Fifth at.
GO TO THE GREAT BOOK AUCTION
TO-NIGHT AT 7:30
104> Market St.. opp. McAllister at!
VISITORS to Chinatown should not fall to see
tbe many interesting curios at LOOK
BHUE'S IS Waverly place. ■
LADY, limited means, would like to make hc-
qualntante of gentleman friend; object, mat-
rimony. Box 2*03, Call office..
LADIES should consult MME. FISHER con-
I rernlng wrinkles and facial blemishes. SOS'i
Ellis at.; tel. Polk 8402.
SKINNY? SCRAWNEY? LEAN?
Do you want to overcome it forever?
Box 74. Haywards. Cal. ,
A VERY poor sick old lady asks assistance.
Address DONNA MARIA. US Vallejo St..
downstairs.
A — VXD A Company permanently cures stomach
trouble. 738 Valencia St.. bet. ISth and l»th.
GOOD home open for healthy infant. MRS.
DR. FL'NKE. 1416 Eighth st.. Alameda.
Kl'ESTER, the "Hair Doctor/' narrow gauge
■ depot. Oakland; all defects; particulars sump. |
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles d>-*lroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter at.
A— IF your hair la falling or you are bald, call on
Dr. O.S.Moore. 332 O'Farrell; send for circular.
Mrs. Briggs— Superfluous hair, moles removed
by electric needle. W3 Sutter: tel. Larkin 3171.
MASQUERADE costumep. play books. w:gs;
country orders GOLDSTEIN & CO..7S3 Markt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure; 2Sc; all druggists.- -
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray 1
hair to Us natural color; $1; at all druggls t s.
600 MEN wanted to order suits for $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO.. tailors. IIS Kcarny xt.
i TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 SO; dress pants. $2 50.
; Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD irold. silver, diamonds and precious stones
: bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL^-Of flee and residence^
10«ii Market st.. between Sixth and Seventh.
; DR. WONO HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all disease* of the human body; see
testimonials at office, 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A-DR. WONO WO. herb doctor; sanitarium.
784-7(4 Clay St.: see testimonials at office. •
PLANING AND TURNING MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning, Planing,, Shaping
and Sawing. .CARL F. HAAS. 93 Fremont at.
RCPTDRB SANITARIUM.
RUPTURE cured at HUNTER'S 8ANITA-
RIUM. 1206 Market at.; treatment free; only
invention in the world that will not torture.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $1; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 8-10; tel. 6680.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124. Vti 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchange; re-
pairing; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
■ STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
FlErtCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Poat and Powell ats.; tel. Main &713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion St.: tel. Howard 9H.--F. W. ZEHFUS3.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. K20 Flllmore st ; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKIN8 Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission at.;
tel. Main 1840: shipping at cut rates.
TYPEy^ERS AND SUPPLIES.
ORE AT BARGAINS IN T*YP^VrYt_RS^V>
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
, Exchange, C3< California-; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter" Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors joatlmate free. 208 Sansome.
. - DIVIDEND NOTICES. ,
DIVIDEND' Notlce-Tho Giant Powde7~Com^
pany, Con. —A dividend, No. 36, of adventy-
..live cents (75c) i>or share on the issued capi-
tal stock of the , company has • been declared
I payable at. the office ■ of the company, 433
California at.; Ban Franolaco, on December
< 10. 1901. Transfer books • close - December
I. 1801. at noon. A. A. 8PARK8. Secretary.
DISSOLUTION ; OV PARTNERSHIP.
AH LOUI (Lo Hoy) has disposed of his entire
stock of goods, firm name QUONO PI IIINO.
at 04B Dupont ut.. to pay all hla Indebtedness;
■ LO ON and LUN CHOY, .old partner*, have
purchased the fixtures and will' conduct tho
business an usual; from this date LO HOY
• will be responsible for his own debts, if bu>-
'Ing anything from any person, , the old firm
having nothing to do with him. .. ■■■ ■
V LEGAL, ADVBRT1SEUUNTS.
• 'M JSIN EKH I Men 1 * Legal [ Bureau.',' 'consults.
tlon fre»; In bankruptcy and divorce proceed-'
,. trigs parties. not required to go Into court. :
-Room Oil, Examiner bldg.; phono Black SCO I.
HF.AL ESTATE— lciTY-- r rqn.y SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. • •■: '• •, ' •
RBAL ESTATE. -
14- MONTGOMERY STHEET.
120, CCO— Rent*) $U0 per month; -Hayes st; new
Improvements consist of - store and 8
flats; 22x120 (2 frontages).
$14,0C0— Reduced from $16.0u0; rents $120 p*r
month; Taylor st. ; 3 elegant flats of 7.
7, 8 • roomit and bath each ; recently
built and: commands a nice view; 3J
- . xl37:8. .. - -
$12,00C-Stockton at , close to Sutter; a good
substantial brick building, contain-
ing 14 rooms; make .offer as this
'.property must be sold to close an estate.
$15,C00— Rent* $105 per month; Sansome at.;
corner; substantial brick improvement*,
containing store and 45 rooms; conduct-
ed as a hotel and under lease; • tenant
pays water and makes all repairs. •
I10.5C0 — Rents $75 per month, which can easily
be Increased; corner on Hyde st. con-
' slats of 4 bay-window houses of 7-4
rooms and bath each; all In perfect or^
der; brick foundation, etc.; 48x76:9.
$8,000— Rents fCI per month: Fell «t.. near
.Park Panhandle; 3 new flat* of 5 rooms
fttid bath each; very nicely finished;
thin is a splendid buy. .
$6,000— Rents $55 per month: Thirteenth st.,
close to Duboce Park; 3 newly and
well-built flats of 6-7 rooms and bath
each: lot 25x110
$5,600 — Reduced from . $6500 in order to close .
an estate; Devlsadero st. near Halght:
2 bay-window flats of .6-7 rooms and
. bath each; 22x100.
$4,2JO-Rent!i $42 £0 per month; Shotwell st.;
. . 3 good flats of 4-4-5 rooms and bath
each: steadily rented; brick founda-
tion, etc.; 25x122:6.
$3,800— Twenty-fourth St.; a cosy bay-window
cottage of 5 rooms and bath; brick
. foundation; nice garden and large lawn;
68x111.
$3.100— - Rents $20 per month; Ellis st, near
Scott; old Improvements; a splendid
site for S flats; 30x75.
Send for our "Real Estate Record."
containing a list of properties for aale
in all parts of the city.
Latest Pocket Map of San Francisco,
25c. ; . ■ -
O. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
. 14 Montgomery st.
NELSON. JOHNSON - CO..
203 Montgomery St. /Opp. Mills Bldg.
SNAP. ''
BARGAIN.
MUST BE SOLD THIS WEEK.
Price $6000. Rents~$912* per annum.
Choice part Western Addition; Flllmore-«t
cars few feet away; bttumlnlzed st.; cement
.walk; north elde street; 4 flats; modern; tiled
motels, etc. ■**.:'
ELEGANT - WESTERN • ADDITION RESI-
- DENCE.
" $S5C0— Magnificent Western Addition residence
of 14 rooms and bath; elegant modern,
up to date; nothing finer; a big snap;
$2000 cash, balance at 6 per cent.
NORTHEAST CORNER FLATS— EAST OF
LARKIN.
$15,000 — 33:6 corner; 3 eTVgant flats; flooded with
sunshine; handsome income; guaranteed
future; every modern improvement
RINCON HIL- FLATS.
$3600— Two good flats on. Rlncon Hill; marine
view; only- choice residence neighbor-
hood within easy - walking - distance
Market and Kearny; rents $420.
NEW DOWNTOWN FLATS
}15,0<v>— New. modern. ,«p to date; round bay-
windows, etc.: pays 11H per, cent; right
downtown; block from Powell St.; a
snap. ' .•.--.•■ -
$3750— Rents $480; -in the manufacturing dis-
trict, close to Howard and Second; sure
* to double in value; 4 good flats.
$4250— Rents $528: never idle: 3 well-built
. flats, S, S, 6 rooms, near 6th st, not far
from Market.
$10,250— New Western Addition flats; rents $1280;
beautiful, modern, up to date.
tssco— Forced sale; rents $925; 3 months old;
beautiful and modern in every detail;
famous Mission Warm Belt; no fog; no
9 wind. ♦
$5500— Three large, imposing, well-built flats
of S rooms and bath; rents $600; Im-
provements could not be duplicated for
160C0; Mission.
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO.,
205 Montgomery st. Opp. MlUs Bldg.
tS.OOO— STEINER st.. cear Halght; modern res-
' ldence of 9 rooms and bath; every mod-
„ ern improvement: extra large lot
$7,600— Harrison st, near 21st; 2-story modern
residence of 13 rooms; all modern con- '
venlences; handsomely decorated and
finished: also 2 flats; lot Cxl23:< feet
$7,500— Offer, wanted; 2 modern bay-wlnCow
j flats of ( and 7 rooms and'bath each;
T S finished rooms in attic: marble steps,
tiled bathroom, etc.; $67 50; park pan-
handle district
$7,500-Capp st. near 21st: lot 30x100 feet; 2-
atory residence of 8 rooms and bath;
extra room In basement
IS. U5— Folsom St.. .near 22d; 36x122 :C; with
double house. < rooms and bath In each
division; rent $40.
$10.;00-Bush st.. near Hyde; lot 27:8x90 feet.
with 3 fiats of 6, 6. 7 rooms In good con-
dition; pays splendid interest on invest-
ment
$5.600— Clay-st corner, near Powell: 3-story
T»rlck building containing 2 flats renting
for $S2. water extra.
17,500— Larkin st. near Sutter: ? Oats et •
i rooms and bath each; rent $37 50.
! {6,000— Hayes st., near Devlsadero; 2-story. *•
room house; lot 25x137:6.-
123. C00— Choice business property within 3 blocks
of City Hall: a large corner lot, 65x95.
with improvements in splendid repair,
consisting of S stores and flat* above;
always rented for $200.
M.00O— Close to Page and Ashbury sta.: I bay-
window flats, containing 6 and • rooms
each: total rents $72 50.
$14,000— Good business corner, near Flllmore St..
consisting of drag store and S fiats;
large lot; rents $97 SO.
$10,500— Two substantially built bouses, close to
Devlsadero and California sts.. contain.
Ing 9 rooms and bath each and all mod-
ern conveniences; lot 55x110; must be
sold to close an estate; rents $$>; offer
wanted.
$7,CC0— Great bargain: O'Farrell st. near La-
suna; 2 bay-wlr.dow houses. 7 rooms and.
bath each: rented low at $53; lot 25x13)
to Olive ave.
■ Send for Printed Catalogue.
\ LYON ft HOAO,
' . - • ■ ■ 114 Montgomery st.
HAWKS _ SKELTON.
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken
of Property.
$6500— Good investment: O'Farrell st, near
Laguna. to rear street; rents $50: steady rent-
Ing property: can be improved.
$<000— Valencla-at. Investment: 2 houses. 7
rooms each: rents $43 per month; cheap.
$MM>— Jessie-st. Investment, between Fourth
and Fifth sts/ '. . ■ ,- ■
$2700— Pays big Interest; Zoe st., near Third
and Bryant; rents $360 per annum; is good re-
pair. .' . , \
$3100 — Lot on south side of Chestnut ft., west
of Hyde; 27:6x110: fine view of bay.
$6500— Lot NW corner Hyde and Filbert sts.:
60x137; fine site for building with every room
sunny; good view south: also bay view from
upper floor, ■ , >
$3000— Lot In Potrero. cor. Vermont and Eight-
eenth; 110x100; street graded and sewered.
$1500— Lot north side Fulton St., near First
ave.. facing Park: 13x1*7; make an offer.
HAWKS & 8KELTOX. 123 Montgomery st
OEO. A.
\ Rooxrrc, 7th floor. Mills Building.
' , . ' , COLLEGE HEIGHTS.
The most charming site* for - homes in the
City. South of Golden Gale Park and looking
down upon it. Fine views of Bay, Ocean. City,
Park and Mountains— Tama'.pals and Mount
Diablo. Lovely, healthy climate, with a mini-
mum of fog and. wind. The choicest neighbors
as the Tract is attractive to the ntceat people
and to no others., Electric car facilities to and
from all parts of the City. Near Stanyan
xtrect. wlth-tha Grand Sutro Forest • on the
South side. Water, gas and sewers tn. Streets
deeply macadamised. Several new house* now
going up. One lovely Colonial House fcr sale
at $7710— on easy terms. Taktng everything
into consideration these are the cheapest and
moat attractive residence lots In San Francisco
and are- selling . steadily right along. They
ere also In ltne with . rapid Improvements of
the finer class, with n- great future in sight
Prices low, with easy terms. - •
NOT MANY LOTS ~"
Like Those i Folsom-st Lots.
$10 a month buys one; they are graded.
sewered and cement walk* laid and cars pass
the door. OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Poat at.
WHY crowd yourself on a 23-foot lot when you
can buy & level building lots for $300 on pay-
. ments of $5. a month. Cars out San Bruno
reach the lots. OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Poat
FROM $150 up: building lots on $5 monthly
Installments ;> good neighborhood: large lots
■ and only ■ 1 block - to Twenty-second-st. cars.
O8CAR HKYMAN. II Post ut;
FOR SALE.
2508 GREEN 8T. and 2813 8COTT ST.
Modern dwelling heuaes. Just completed and
ready for immediate occupancy: finest marina
view in the city: these hduses are designed by
and built under the .supervision of Architect
Edgar A. Mathew* and must . be seen tn be
appreciated. PronrMtlons for-lease from three
to ■■ five years will be considered. For keyn
and i full . particulars apply to the owner 2310
Preen St.. near Scott.- or room 19. la Front st.
BUY your children an everlasting and prcflt-
able present for Christmas by get tin* $ioo
park lot?, Sunset ; District . at $1 down $1
; monthly, ntv JACOB HEYMAN'fl.
'■ • ■ ' -'■• ' , ■ • 117 Butter' st.
A BAROA IN— Neat. cottage of 4 rooms ; mod-
-.• ern- Improvements: .. terms same- as ' paying
- rent.. Apply Btonemau st, near Folsom.
NEW modern house 7 rooms, large basement
. and yard; sun all day. -Cor.- Waller and for-
.tola sts.. bet . Pierce and Stelner. .
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR 8ALB. :
BALDWIN & HOWELL. - \
• 10 MONTGOMERY BT.
l . ,NCHEAP MISSION HOME.
$2.000— Make an offer; Merritt st.; lot 60x100;
good cottage of 5 rooms and bath; barn
lor £ horses; terms easy.
. j TRANSFER BUSINESS CORNER.
$16,000— Rents $113 per month; lot 37:«xlOO; store,
basement and flats; Sacramento st.;
$200u profit tn this investment in four
months. . . •
. $1300— A DECIDED BARGAIN.
$1,300— Splendid cottase of S rooms and baU» ■
.In tbe Mission warm belt; aak for par- ■
ticulars of this placo at once.
MISSION BUSINESS CORNER. .
." $3,000— Rents $50 per month; Church it.; 1
- • stores, lower and upper flat. .-"' •■;';.
$1200— WESTERN ADDITION COTTAG--
11,200-Florence St.. near Broadway and Tay-
lor st.; bouse of 5 rooms; rents $12)
per year.
BARGAINS Uf FLAT.!
$7.000 — Rents $66 per month; 3 separate flats
of 7 rooms and bath each; north line et
Hayes st. ; tbls side of Fillmore; lot
27:0x137:6; a decided bargain.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
$20,000— Rents $144 per month; residence and
flats, vicinity of Golden Gate ave. and
Van Ness;, lot has double frontag*;
42x120.
PRICE |2S0O-R_NTS ttt.
$2,500—2 fiats near Geary and Stelner sts.; a
decided bargain.
PRICE $3800— RENTS $39.
*3. 600— Rents $3» per month; splendid building
of 4 separate flats In first-class repair;
near Folsom and Tenth sts.
Send for a copy of the "Buyer and Sellers."
our monthly catalogue, containing a complete
list of Improved and unimproved properties
for aale. Mailed free qa application. - -
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
....". CREAM OF PARK LOTS
....In blocks fronting Golden Gate Park....
On the H-st. Electric Cars....
Opposite 19th ave. Boulevard Park Entrance
Choicest and Cheapest Building .
....And Investment Bargains in This City....
On H and I Sts. and .«
17th. 18tb. 19th and 20th aves
Streets and Lots
....On Official Grades. Macadamized, etc....
All Ready to Build On .
Water! Gas! Welsbach Street Ltghtst Plank
Sidewalks! Excellent Car Facilities! ....
Tbe Better Class of Residences in Sunset Dist.
Already Constructed on Some of These Lots.
....Low Prices Bound to Increase In Value....
:. These Lots Have No Equal
They Stand Peerless In Their Beauty....
Tour own terms, small first payment, balance
..$10 monthly Installments; interest only 8..
per cent '
Do not delay, but Interest yourself In a home
lot at once
For diagrams and prices call at our branch of-
fice (open week days. Sundays and holidays).
corner H st. and Ninth ave.. south of Park-
Horse and buggy at your disposal.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery at.
MADISON & BURKE. , -
Established January. 1S3S.
REAL EST ATS AGENTS.
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
628 Market st.. opp. Palace- HoteL
Choice piece business . property on Kearny.
near Market St., paying 6 per cent on asking
price. - . .
Sacramento «t.— 2 modern fiats, near Fill-
more; lot 25x137; price $6800. ".• . • .
$9730— Grove st., near Webster:' four flats;
rents $72 per month: lot S3x82:C feet. . : -
$6230— Clay st.. near Buchanan'; 9 room* and .
bath; In good order; 27:2x127:8: . ° • . ■ . •• ... : <
$5500— Flats on Pleasant st.. near Taylor;
renting for $42 per month: this property Is la
good order and Is always rented. ■ .-
$12.000— Rents $11U per annum; • good bay-
window flats and lot 39:6x37 :s; inside property.
$—.000— Downtown corner; on Post st. ; stores
and lodging-bouse. . . . ■ ■ •
$5250— Rents $€G0 per annum: "Woodward ave..
near 15th and Valencia, sts.; 4 flats; lot 25x70.
$3800— Very cheap corner: Church and Valley
sts.; store and flats; rents $38; only $3300. .. ■ .
$3330— Two flats; Clinton Park, near Dolores
st.; rent $340 per year.
$5000— A nice sunny home; north Una Bush st.,
near Devlsadero; 7 rooms and bath; lot 24x137*.
$3500— Twenty-sixth at., near Castro: 2 flats:
rents $27; lot 25x114..-
$3400— Jones st.. near Jackson; two flats; rents
$30 t>er month; 3axt2:f- ■ -
$2750— Sanchez $t.. NW.- corner Jersey; cot-
tage of 4 rooms; lot 30x100.
$2000— Nice cottage home on Nineteenth st-. v
near Eureka; modern. S rooms and bath; lot
23x75. .. .
W0C0— Valencia at. near Twenty-fifth: partly
Improved; M_X> to an alley. • ~«w
$6500— Seventeenth st., near Dolores; 4 flats:
rents $39; lot 36:6x57:6; offered low to force
sale. MADISON & BCI tKE,
$28 Market at. ,
CENTER - SPADER. ~~" '
Real Estate Agents. Rent Collectors.
. . ,- at. Uck House block.
$1«. SCO— Choice corner on Oak and Stelner sts.;
HOxlOX
$15.000— Snap; reduced from $17,000 to make
immediate aale; choice lot on Eleventh St.. near
Harrison: two frontages; 100x135.
$15,000— Elegant N. W. corner In the Mission;
partly Improved; will pay now 5 per cent Inter-
est on Investment; large 'lot. 137:10x117; three
frontages; street work completed.
$5500— Snap: Sixteenth st.. near Guerrero: 83
feet front. 110 feet deep; street work complete.
$4000— Make offer; Harrison st, near Third;
lot and improvements; 2Sx3S.
$3000— Handsome corner residence on Green
st.. containing 12 rooms, bath, servant's room,
billiard parlor, laundry and large finished at-
tic; handsomely decorated and finished In hard
woods; lot 23x100.
$4500— Broderick St.. near California; 2-story
residence. > rooms and bath .In first-class con-
dltion; very cheap: lot 25x125..
$5300— Rents $12 50; Grove st: two flats. 8
rooms each; lot 25x137:8.
$1500— Snap; an offer wanted for lot oa Hayes
St.. near Lyon: 25x137:6.
$5000— Flllmore st., near Oak: choice lot. ault-
able for flats; 37:6x110. . . .' \>
$8500— Rents $77 50 per month; three new up-
to-date flats. 8, 7 and S rooms, on Folsom st; -■
lot 23x100; make offer.
$2500— Two-story house, two tenements, 7
rooms each: renting for $22: Rondell pl»ce. oS
Sixteenth st. : this Is cheap property.
$3500— Rents $31: two bay-window flats on Fair
Oaks St.. near Twenty-third, containing 5 and .-
6 rooms: lot 23x117:6 to rear street
$3300— Another bargain; lot 96x100; on Tenth
St.. near Harrison.
$4230— Shotwell st. near Nineteenth; lot SOx
123:6: rear end of which is improved with 1 <
flats S rooms each, and renting for $35; another
building On this lot would pay big Interest. -
$8000— Mission st business property; store and
2 fiats', well rented; lot 35x132: cheap.
CENTER A SPADBB. .
BURNHAM & MARSH CO..
20 MONTGOMERY. ST. .
HERE'S A SNAP.
$11,500: rent $113 50 a month; S fine 2-story j
louses on Fell St., not far from Market: laxx«
lot, 48xl20f touble frontage: no Improvements;
on small street; pays now 13 per cent
GRAND BUSINESS CORNER INVESTM_NT! "
$18,500; rent $160 a month: prominent Western
Addition corner store and flats and brick cellar;
pays over S per cent net and steadily rented.
> RESIDENCE AT A SACRIFICE!.
$4100: only $1SOO casnirequlred. balance at SIS
a month: house of 7 rooms and bath; sunny
side of Western AddlUon st: key lot, 25x137:6.
, HOWARD-ST. BUSINESS CORNER.
$17,600; reduced from $20,000; large corner near
Sixth at., finely improved and leased to on«
tenant for $100 and $125 a month; tenant makes •
all repairs.
SIXTH-ST. BUSINESS" PROPERTY. TEW *•
FEET FROM MARKET.
$150,000; & 73-foot corner paying good interest
on old improvements. ,
$82,000: Mason st. near Market. jlgl
BARGAIN ON SIXTH ST.
$29,000; rent $158: can Increase to $192 a month; . '-•
not far from Market: lot 25x153 to rear street. -
BURNHAM A MARSH CO.. ' .*
■■ ■■".'[ ' 20 Montgomery »t
WRIGHT * EWELXZ ~ •.. v .
: Real Estate and Financial Agents.
Loans, Insurance. 316 Montgomery st.
$42,000— -A prominent corner on Larkin st. ; sis*
70x87:«: leased: pays over 7 per cent net *
$110,000— Splendid investment on Geary st., closa
In: Days over $300 per month.
$60,000— Mission st.. near Beale: within one-.
■ - block of new Railroad Offices ; pays over .
6 rer cent. \ • .. ' -: ■■ - -. " .
$20,000 — Pine at., west of T.eavenw orth. north
olde; 75x137:6; on car line; splendid loca- .
■ tlon for lAdjrlna>hmi!"# imnrwement.
SIXTF.ENTH AND GTJFRRKRO STS.
Large lot. 130x170. with f»lr Improvements^ i
\ splendid onnrtrtnnitv f~- development
POLOR-S «T..' .
Be*. ~ir»»«—t* anrt Sixteenth:. tot lOOxlfft.--"- o
$7,230— trailer *t.. nr. w*u— : w>t XtitxtO*. ■ j
With twr» flJ»t«' r»»>t»n«; Tor »<P T*»r,mo.
PRFSimO H^TOHT* DISTRICT. •
Peautiful b'llMIn* I"t»: mm!) aide of Jackson.
Have fln# lo«» on Pa"? .J«— » avi.. In Mission
warm belt noon wMch will build flats
To exr»<««Tire— > ' tin* home ntar* In Omaha.
Nebr.. for good property in country.
For Additional Classified Advertise-
menta See Page 48.
4546
UHAL ESTATE CITY — "FOR SALE.
EASTON. ELKRIDOE & CO..
63S MARKET STREET.
AUCTION. /
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
BARGAINS SNAPS
ESTATES — •■ FORECLOSURES
ALL MUST BE SOLD.
TUESDAY Decembs/ 3. 1901
At our salesroom. No. 638 Market St.,
at 12 o'clock noon.
ESTATE OF SOLOMON O. HETDENFELDT.
, Deceased.
The easterly corner of 8th and Howard sts.,
Nos. 1157 to 1171 Howard Et.. 205 to 209 8th St..
and Nos. 1 to 11 Sunshine court.
A FULL uO-VARA.
Present improvements consist of stores, flats,
cottapes. etc; total rents J301S per annum.
ESTATE OF SOLOMON O. HEYDENFELDT.
Deceased.
I Southwest side (Nos. 146 to 150) Sth St.. 80 feet
inorthweet of Howard Ft.: imDrovements con.-
'plst of 2 three and 1 four etory buildings, con-
taining stores and flats; present income $ul2
per annum; lot 50x75 feet.
RICHMOND HOME.
South side (No. 3917) California St.. 123:* S-12
feet we»t of 1st ave. boulevard: an elegant up-
to-date houpe of S rooms, porcelain bath, tiled
■mantels, hich basement and attic, cement
walk: lot 23:05-12x€::6.
INVESTMENT PROPERTY.
Northwest side tNo*. 154 to 166) Tehama St..
105 feet northeast of 3d St.; four well-built
fiats of 4 rooms each: rents $360 per annum;
lot 25xS5 feet.
GUARDIANSHIP SALE.
Northeast side (Nos. 55 to 57) Boardman
place. 2*>S feet northwest cf Brannan St.: two
flats cf 5-3 rooms, rear cottage 3 rooms and a
stable ; rents 126 50 per ' month.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
Southwest side «No. 46) Rltch St.. 100 feet
northwest of Harrison st.: two front flats. 8
rooms each and a rear cottage 3 rooms; rents
$29 per month; lot 25x75 feet.
HAIGHT-ST. RESIDENCE
Sk>uth Eid> (No. S31) Halght st.. 125 feet west
of Scott: modern residence. • rooms, bath and
basement: also a fine stable, with loft and
carriage room: lot 25x137:6 feet.
MISSION BUSINESS PROPERTY.
West side <No. 3S36) Mission et.. 4S2:* feet
isorth of St. Marys ave.; improvements consist
of a one-rtory building, containing saloon and
rrocery. with 4 rooms; completely equipped in
fixtures; lot 2JxlS7:6.
PARK LANE TRACT LOTS.
South side of Lower Terrace, few feet west
«t Juno st.: 2 fine building lots: only a few
feet from ISth-ft. cars; lots 25x74 feet each.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE * CO..
63S Market st.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE A- CO..
63S MARKET STREET
ASHBCRY HEIGHTS FLATS.
$?750— Three new handsome modern flats of 6,
6. 7 rooms and bath: electric wiring, por-
celain baths and sinks; elegant mantels;
built to catch the light and tun: munifi-
cent view of the city. Golden Gate Park
and the ocean; rents $1170 per annum,
■water extra: lot 25x103.
HANDSOME WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
DENCE.
$5500— New modern residence cf 10 rooms and
bath and finished basement: only a rhort
distance from Golden Gate Park: well
built and beautifully finished: lot 25x137:6.
REDUCED FOR IMMEDIATE SALE
$3750— Four well-built tenements of 3 rooms
each; near 10th and Harrison ets.' im-
provements only 6 years old and In first-
class condition; brick foundation; lot 21x«.
WESTERX ADDITION FLATS.
$300— Two well-built flats of 4. 5 rooms and
bath on the north side of the street: near
«*>ary and Steiner; rents J2S4 per annum;
reduced froa $2750.
POST STREET RESIDENCE.
$7150 — Handsome modern two-story and ta*-e-
mert residence of 9 rooms and bath on
north side of street, near Laguna: lot 25x
112:6 feet.
MISSION BUSINESS PROPERTY.
3535C— Store and 2 fiats of 6 and 4 room-- and
bath: modern and up to date; exceptionally
well built; only 4 years old: on a fine Noe-
et. busines* corner; rents $530 per annum:
let 25x103 feet-
FOLSOM-STREET BUSINESS PROPERTY.
15500— Store and three flats on the north t-Ide
of Folsozn st.. bet. 7th and Sth: fine con-
dition; lot "FxlGO, alone worth the mccey
see this as it is a snap.
$300 CASH. BALANCE SAME AS RENT.
A COZY MISSION COTTAGE.
$1450— Well-built cottage of 4 rooms and base-
» njent. which can easily be made Into 3
„ additional rooms; on 29th. and only a few
feet from the Mln-lon-street cars; lot 25x114
feet: this property must be seen to be ap-
preciated.
EASTON. nLDRIDCE A CO.
CS Market street.
BOVEE. TOY & SONNTAG ~ "
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Houses Rented. Rent* Collected and Full
Charge Tak-a of Property.
.,-, „, e C * MARKET ST.
$U.0C*— Sacramento «.. near Scott: modern
s-erory residence containing i rooms and bath-
let £Cxj*rT:fi feet.
m.O0O-Eddy et.. near Laguna: 2 flats and 2
rear r.oas«s: let 2S:*xiro feet through to rear
■strr-et: rents for $7i U) per month.
$10.000— Choice residence on the north side of
Oay tt.. near Walnut, containing 12 rooms and
2 bathe: lot 26:10*ixl2;:t,i i feet.
$81*0—3 choice flat* on Bush st.. near Scott,
•-onuiir.inc € and 7 rooms and bath; rent, for
$W per month.
JTSCO-Choice 12-room residence on the north
line of Washington st.. near Fillmore; rents i
at present lor $60 per month.
$40C0— Choice residence on 20th St.. near Va-
lenrla. containing 6 rooms and bath.
U~"j — Clay et.. near Fillmore; residence of %
rooms end bath: lot *rxl*;7:6 feet.
S40"0 — 2 flats on Nittosut st., near 6th; lot 2Sx
75 feet.
$X?50— Clara St.. near Cth; 2 flats; lot 226xS0
feet: rer.ts for XZ% per month.
S323O— Dolores et.. near 2id; cottage of 5
rooir* and bath; lot 2$xS5 fe«t.
•mo^-Sbotwell rt.; cottar- of 3 rooms and
UaJi; lot 25x114 feet.
$2S«>— Cottaze of 5 rooms and bath; large
attic and basement: lot 27x120 feet; Richmond
L'lFtrict; adjacent to 3 car line*.
$170<>— Cottage on Diamond si., near 24th* 5
rooms and bath: lot 2»xlI4 feet.
$1C5O-Hardy st.. near 16th: cottage of 3
room* and bath: rented for $12 50 per month;
lot Zhx'i ftet.
11600-Cottage on Jersey et-. close to Castro,
contalring 5 rooms and bath; rented for $12
per tncnth.
Further particulars of
BOVEE. TOY A SONNTAO.
FOR SALE BY
JCLIEN SMITH.
Ileal Estate Agent. 430 Montgomery st
CLOSE TO MARKET ST.
North side; splendid buy: lot 25x100; brl-'-c
building, with 10-foot foundation: offered at
»O0C: lartce morUrafre at 6 per cent can remain*
s«e xhic Monday please.
BUSINEf-S PROPERTY
N«f Third and Hr> ant sts.; Hne lot. 100x160.
*" rJt * ***■"» frontage* ; price ir..Vio or will lease
for a term, or sell VtxVi for $«50<).
KEY LOT AND COTTAGE.
Western Addition; choice neighborhood; be-
tween two cable cars and one block of electric*
sweet cottage. 6 rooms, bath, etc.; key lot;
rront. south nide and rear receiving sun all day-
Joit the lot for flats when you tire of the col-
tjMte: particular* et office; price reduced to
BAP.GAIN IN FLATS.
Two flats, four minutes' walk of California
and Hcnt|rom<:ry sts.: rents $80; price $J3C0
PARK BLOCK.
■ On» entire Work south of park; only $2600
WESTERN ADDITION LOT
•^^M^rs s& 'piea-sVaiv^;
MARINE VIEW LOT.
That fine »>-foot lot offered I am week U foM.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTB.
Choice lots at low prices cause quick sales.
*100 to XSO— Oradwl Ocean boulevard lots:
fine view; only few left; «o monthly.
$500 to tSOO-Bargains In Sunset; streets
graded and sewered; easy terms.
Sunset branch office, tKb ave., near H st,
$400 to $800— Choicest lots In Richmond.
$li» to $250— Level lots near Mlsslon-st. elec-
tric cars; $10 down; $5 monthly.
$>50 to $2000— 4-room cottages; all bargains'
cpleadld locations; essy terms.
SOL CETZ A nRO..
Hooni U. Chronicle bldje.
BARGAIN. EXCKL8 ANYTHING.
MUST BE SOLD.
Choice block. 240x000, south of Park. bet. L
and M sts.. 42d and 42d avrs.: call quick.
SOL ■ CETZ A HIIO.,
Room M, Chronlcla bldg.
BAROAINt-1.
iVM-Hfif rt., near Vallejo; 2 flats paying
, big Interest; owner very anxious to sell; it is a
good lnrnme Investment.
$275t>-Pays 1 per cent per month and must be
- mid; tenement property near Third and Har-
rl»on: always rented.
tl 0.000— Larr« lot and s;ood Improvements on
Vallejo et., near I'owll; rents $120 per month,
which can he Inaeased; mast be sold for absent
" owner*.
1200— Money needed; large <Wp lot on Bemls
St., dose to csrs on Cbenery ■♦-
McEWEN BROS.. 11$ Montgomery st.
lico— cOTTArjK and lot In Mission: near car.
THE MCCARTHY CO.. CU Market St.
HEAL* ESTATE — CITV — FOR IALS.
6HA1NWALD. UUCKBEE A CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
• 21S-220 Montgomery st.
*m,<X>0— California st. residence; two stories and
basement, 15 rooms and 2 baths: lot
• 34:9x137:6 ft.; tine view of the city.
$7,000— A northwest corner In Western Addi-
tion, with residence of 11 rooms and
bath: lot 24:6x87:8 ft.; cheap. . - —
$16,0C0— Mlsskm-st. Investment; rent $130; nub-
stantlal building, stores and rooms
above: lot COxl22:C feet.
$6,000— Valencia St.. cor. Seventeenth; lol 25X
100 feet; Just the place for store and
Hats. •/
$4,500— Valencia St.. bet. Seventeenth and
Eighteenth* 25x100 feet, or two lots at
same rate.
$S,000— Two-story brick building' downtown,
close to Montgomery st. ; leased to one
tenant; $50 per month net; will pay
over 6 per cent.
$11,500— Post St.; minny aide, near Larkin; «ub-
stantial two-story house of 10 rooms
and bath; rent $60; lot 24:6x120 feet to
rear street. ,
$l$.000— California St., cor. Franklin; 'beautiful
residence; lot 15x137:6 feet. •
$13,500— California St., bet. Van Ness ave. and
Franklin st.: lot 45x137:6 feet.
$11.000— Hush st.. near Leavenworth: lot 30x137:6
ft., with substantial 2-story and nn-
Ished basement house of 10 rooms and
,• bath; this house could readily be
changed into flats and would bring a
large Income; rents at present $90.
$2,**00-Union t»t.. near Hyde; residence of 6
rooms and bath; lot 21x65 feet; must be
sold.
$6,500— Vallejo St.. near Laguna; modern resi-
dence of 10 rooms and bath: lot 22:10x
'■~y 107:6 feet; best bargain ever offered.
$300-Cho!ce lots near Twenty-sixth st. and
Castro st.; 25x114 feet each; ready to
build on; see them at once.
$6.750— Manufacturing site; must be sold;
.... heavily mortgaged; about 25,000 square
feet; two frontages on main thorough-
fare streets; accessible by six different
. • . ■/•-'; car lines, three of which pass property;
Investigate without delay.
$12.5C0— Pacific ave.: modern residence, 7 bed-
■;■■ rooms. 2 baths; hardwocd finish on
main floor.
$7.600— Oak st.. near Market: 2 flats and cot-
.,.««* taKe: renu ♦ 53 «' Iot 27:6x120 feet.
$13.000— Turk st.. near Jones; 2-story house. 8
rooms and bath; present rents nominal;
lot 23xl37:«.
flO.OCO— Price reduced from $12,500: must be
I sold; sunny side of Pine st.; substan-
tial house of 12 rooms and bath: hard-
_ ■ . S 0041 floorB ' •■»■«•? lot. 3S:9xl37:6 feet,
i $1,250— Rents $18 monthly: $400 mortgage at 6
. per cent can remain; south of Market
st. Investment; clow to Third, and
Bryant sts;
$4,2f;0-Price reduced from $6000: corner resi-
dence, on best part of San Joae ave. : 2-
etory residence of 7 rooms %nd bath;
lot 30x127:6 feet.
$25,000— Mission st.. near Ninth; lot 40x160 feet:
church building on Mls»lon st. and two
dwelling houses on Ninth.
$..000— Clay st.. near Baker; 2 modern flats. 6
and 7 rooms and bath: lot 27:6 feet
front; a rare chance.
$5.500— Howard at., bet. rd and 23d; substan-
tial residence of 5 rooms and bath; lot
25x122:6 feet.
$5.250— Capp st., bet. 22d and 23d; 2 modern
flats of 6, 7 rooms and bath: lot 26:8x
122:6 feet. •
$7.50O-Jackson St.. near Maple; modern resi-
dence of 8 rooms and bath; lot 30x129
■ feet: must be sold.
$3.1-0-No 3649 2ist st., near Church: modern
artistic cottage of 7 rooms and bath;
larpe lot. 50 feet front by 114 feet;
grand view of the city; a positive b«r-
•-«« f aln: muM b-Vsold.
$7.000-I : yon st. neaFfrage: modern and well-
built residence;^ rooms and bath: rent-
*- unftJ^rV pr **' nt 'or *M. lot 25x100 feet.
$o.000-Nlneteenth st.. ne« r Valencia; 2-«ory
mLl-f mortgage $1500 can re-
$12.5C0-NW. corner of Oak St.. with store, flat
4..!-si».9 feet; near Market «.; a snap.
SsLiS > S'^ kX BU CKBEB * CO..
-1S-I3) Montgomery st.. Mills bldg.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
10S MONTGOMERY ST..
SAN FRANCISCO.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
A une key lot on. Spruce st.. near Waabltiir-
J-rTceS. " e V " W: " Ze ***?"*?**&
. PAGE STREET.
Near Laguna: residence of 10 rooms* fine
- RICHMOND LOTS.
Send 'w our plau of Richmond lots; all
prices: sold on terms if desired
■ HOWARD-8T. FLATS
Rents $15; price $6750: three flats on Howard
f«7 rS-wW**!; • and 5 room *- *H Tented:
iot 2^xlJ7:«; in good condition; new plumbing.
_ '.' M 'l PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
-?p.endld nearly new home on Pacific Height**
» rooms and bath: sunny lot, with beautiful
marine view; price $13,500. A
BUSH-ST. FLATS.
Two new flat« on Bush st.: • and 7 rooms-
rented for $60 Zli monthly; price $7*X>0
LOTS FOR FLATS.
Fine lots, corner of Scott and McAllister sts. :
must be sold for absent heirs; slies. 27'6xlC76
and 2Sxl«J: prices verr reasonable; »«id Ccr
pUt and Drices.
CHEAP FLATS.
Near Page and Buchanan: 3 flats. 5 rooms
and hath each; rented very low for $10 month-
ly; rrtce $4JC0. • •
IN THE MISSION.
Cottage cf 6 rooms and bath, on Shoiwell st !
near Twenty-second; easy terms if desired* •
send for our ll« of other Mission cottages; oil I
" prices.
MASONIC AVE.
feet en Masonic ave: ttood location* Ir-
regular depth: price only %ZM).
A SNAP.
On Clay st.. In Presidio Heights; 23x102 feet;
only J15C0; the cheapest lot In the district.
NEW FLATS.
In Panhandle- district: Just built; seven rooms
each: all the latest Improvements; price HO.iCO;
rent ft*S.
Send for our list of cheap lots situated In oil
parts cf the city.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
i IQS Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
, VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. fine).
61J CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
$16.500— Turk, near Jones; 27:6xI37:S; two ?-
j etory bouses. . •
I 1*250— Hayes,' near Buchanan: 27x»5; 3 flats;
rents $«7.
$5"*("— I'nlon place, near Green; 20x5S:9; two
hou*e*.; rents til.
JT5000— Leavenworth. near Union; tSxl!2:6; 3
new flats: rents 1t~.
$4750— Mason, near Sacramento; 3 flats; rents
$41 50.
$4500— Union, near Jones; 22:6x120 to rear
street: residence of 7 rooms and bath.
$4500— Corner Twenty-sixth and Capp; 30xC5-
2 houses: rents $JL
*4Z»-FelI, nwir Devlnadero; 25x137:6; house
of 7 rooms and bath. -
$WOO-Scott place, near Broadway; 25x16; I
flats: rents J3' 1 .
>2500-ShlpIey. nr. Cth; 26x75: 2 fiats; rents $17.
UNIMPROVED.
California, near Webster: 3 lots, each 25x137:6.
$»:>00— Corner Buchanan and. Pine: &5xfil:3.
J700O— Droderick, near O*Farrell; S*>xIJ7:4.
J70U0— Buchanan, near Sutter; 50x137:6— and L
25x50.
$5500— Greenwich st., near Taylor: 45:10x137:6.
$5000— Waller, near Webster; 50x120 to rear
street.
$5000— Capp st.. near Twenty-flfth: 65x115.
Cor. Nineteenth ave. and Clement St.; 200x120.
$4000— Corner Jonea and Filbert sta. : 25x70.
S2Un— Fulton st., near Flllmore; 32:6x137:6.
$2250-Unlon st.. nea» Webster: 34:44x137:6.
$1250 each— Polk St., near Chestnut; 3 Kts,
27:0x87:6. - . .
$1250- OcUvia St., near Union; Jtx5»:(. .
$1000— Sanchez, near Eighteenth; 25x105. -:
$*5 a front foot— Mission, near Twenty-eighth.
• 4U> lots, $300 to tipO: terms easy; electric road
passes. ■ ■" ' ■ ■
R. D. CRANSTON A SON,
20-Thlrd Floor, Mills Building.
$10,500— Rents J117C per annum; three new flats,
7 rooms and bath each; latest Improve-
ments; Panhandle district; lot 23x125. -
| $ll,00O>-Itent* 1110 per month; three new flats,
6, 6, 7 rooms and bath; modern Im-
. ■■.;. provements; near McAllister St.; lot 25x
112:«.
tlO.OOO-IV'nts $87 50; three new flats, 6, I, 7
rooms and bath; near Park: lot 25x100.
$7500— Rents J67 60; two modern flats, 6 and 7
rooms and bath; east side, near Park;
* lot 25x134. ,
$6500— Rents 157 00; two modern flatn, 6 and 7
:.. rooms, and bath; lot 25x106:3; Clayton
. ■ ; - • «L v ne«r I'ark.
3C500— A snap; modern residence, large parlors,
dining-room, breakfast-room. 6 large
bedrooms, finished basement; north
aide; lot 25x137:6; near Masonic ave.
$8C00— Attractive modern residence, 10 rooms,
.• . bath, furnace, etc.; Broderick, near Mc-
Allister.
$7000— New artlrtlc home; hardwood finish, I
.• rooms and bath; best residence district
■: south of Panhandle.
$27,000-Market st.; lot 3»xl24 through to 8te-
venson st. ■ ■ - * / ■ ■ •
$44.000— Mission «t.. between Fourth and Fifth;
66 feet frontage. • • -*^
$21.000 — Corner: two irontages on Golden • Oat*
Park; 100x100; choice property.
$8750— BUSINESS property on First »t., bet.
Howard and Folsom; rents $47.
$8600— Large corner with handsome 10-room
residence on Devisadero st. , .
$5250—2 flats on Oak rt., . near Rcott.
$37S only for 6 level lots. 25x100 each; near
electric cars. ■ ■«
ROTHERMEL A MERRELL.
■ ■ 507 California st. '
$1000— COTTAGE S rooms; 2 story stable; lot
Mx70; nesr Cortland ave., Bernal Heights*
water piped to buildings, which are Insured
for I8U0; street macadamized and sewered;
beat bargain in the city; part ''cash If desired
ItOTHBRMEL A MERRELL, 607 California.
CHOICE BUILDING LOTB,
EASY TERMS. . .
We ars offering the N. W. corner of Hayes
and Flllmore sts. In subdivisions 28 and 27:6
feet front: Ideal location for residences or
flats. O. II. UMBSEN A CO.. li Montgomery.
TnE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY* -DECEMBER ,1, 1901
RKAL IMTATB— i:iTV— FOR WALK.
«O. D. BALDWIN A SON. - -' . . . -
\ 22 Montgomery street.
$2,500— Rents 125; 2 flats, 4 rooms and bath
each; near Geary and Stelner ets.. ••
$10,000— Rents $97 CO; 3 new flats of 6, 6 and 7
t . rooms and bath; all the latest Improve-
A ments; Panhandle district. '.' > ■
,$2,000— Rents $24; -near Folsoin and Seventh
x cts. ) 3 Ilut.s; lot 23 feet frontage.
$1,200— Fifteenth Rt., bet. Noe and Castro; 2lx
90; street accepted; concrete sidewalk.
$1,COO-N.E.. for. Fifteenth and Castro; 24x30;
street bitumlnlzed; concrete sidewalk.
$2,S0O— N.E. cor. Folsom and Norfolk; ;^x7.«;
• l suitable for stores and flats.-.- , .
$7,000 — Elegant new modern • house ; just com-
pleted; S rooms and porcelain bath; first
floor in hard woods; Panhandle district.
$3,5CO— Urcen tit., near Leavenworth; finest
marine view In town; 2 lots and hous».
$500— Cheap as dirt; corner lot in Richmond;
. r 0xl20; with marine view.
$6.000— Minna, near Third St.; house of 21
rooms; rents $60 per month.
$1S.OCO— Howard, near Fourth st. ; rents $100
per month; fine 3-story building. '
$2,000— Cheap lot on California st.. near Baker;
24x100.
$3,500— Eighth st.', near Howard; 30x125; 3-story
building. . . ,
$19,000- Rents $2100 per annum: Eddy, near
Franklin; large lot: finest flats In thu
city.
$1.SGO each: lots on Sarramento Ft., near
Spruce; 25x127 each.
$12,0CO— McAllister Ft., north side; brut busl-
n<v« block; £0x15*7:6: 3-story building;
rents WO. x
$6,0CO— Hiindsime house of 9 rooms and bath on
sunny Mil* of Oroen *t., near Flllmore;
tine mar no view.
S9.C00— Renti $W); N.W. corner on Bryant st.';
i store ami Mitts: let 75x75.
$16,000— Howard »t.. near Fourth; -l-ntory and
basement building contain, ng stores and
lodging-house; rents $12.">; bank moit-
gtiKe of $9000 ran remain; pays lt p*r
cent- net on equity.
$2,000— New cottriKc of 5 rooms and porcelain
bnth on Fifteenth at., near Castro; lot
•L'-tjlia; very cheap.
$9,000— Rents $75 50; Folsom St., near Fifth; 2
ttorrs and 2 flats of 6 rooms and bath
*ach; rlv.iys rented: a good investment.
$10,000— Hydr. st.. near Geary: 25xS7:6; 2 nice
flats; rents $65.
$5.000— Bush et.; near Flllmore, north sldo;
27:6x77:6; 2* nice Hats.
$7,^0— Latk:*) st.,ne.ir Washington; 3 flats 6,
6 ami 7 rooms and bath; rents $C1 5t>;
mortgage of $3500 can remain.
JJ2.C0O— Hluxcme st.. near Fourth; 25x120; cheap.
A.M SPKCK~&~CO." " *
667 Market st., opp. Kearny.
Real Estate Agents and Rent Collector*.
$145,000— liuslnefts corner property, few bliiekg
from Chronicle; 100 ft. front; annual
rents $10,800.
$70.C0&— Reduced from $SO,000; corner. 75x75 ft.:
within on«~thlrd of block from Market
st. and close to Htbernla Bank: stores
and lodging houses; best investment off
Market st.; must be sold.
l60.00->~ Corner. 4Sx$2:6: first corner facing Mar-
ket st. north; sold for $42.5C0 20 years
aso; want offer.
$50.000— Rents $36C0 *ier annum: choloe corner
on Geary st.. Inside of Van Ness ave.;
brick and frame improvements; 82:6x
120; 3 frontages.
$32,000— Turk St.. 1 block from Market; store
and 16 rooms above; this Is a' splendid
buy.
$30,000— Eudy st., near Jones; 4S ft. frontage:
frame Improvements; this Is a quick
seller.
$2J,000-McAIllster-8t. bargain; S2:6xl20; only
partly Improved; rents $134.
$19.500— Modern Improvements; lot 72x137:6;
rented at $170.
$16,500— Panhandle corntr: t new buildings;
rents $142; lot 37x115. »
$15,000— Leavenworth.M. investment; 57 ft.
front; rents $105; always rented.
$12.750— New Van Ness-ave. flats; rents $125; a
safe buy.
$9500— 3»99 Seventeenth St., corner Market;
store and flat.
$9500— Rents $103; lot 50x80: downtown invest-
ment.
$4S5O— Two modern flats; only half a block
from Market St.; rents $40; cost nearly
$75C0.
$700 cash, balance $1300; mortgage can re-
main; D-rooni cottage In the Mission;
Twenty-fourth-st. car line.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
FOR rent or sale— New two-story house with
lot 50x120. with stable, fronting boulevard and
ocean beach; 2 blocks south from electric car:
fine marine view; a splendid home to enjoy
(cheap).
$3no lots en 22d and View avs.: street graded.
$150 lots— Lincoln ave., Heyxnan Tract.
Lot on 1st ave.. between Clay and Wash-
ington sts. ; bltumlnlzed: 25x101 (cheap): •
l*W0 lots fronting Kan Jose road. San Mateo
cars passing the property: street graded.
$50 "Alvin Tract lots, 25x125; Elmhurst R. R.
\ station: 45 minutes' ride; 50c monthly; fine
\cllmate; rich soil: also house and 1 lots. 50x
.125. $250; $23 down, $5 monthly.
JACOB IIEVMAN. 117 Sutter st.
tpto DOWN will secut-p you a new 'and modern
8wiss cottage of 6 rooms, bath and laundry:
open nickel plumbing and porcelain bath; to
be located south of park and near the boule-
vard entrance; cars pars 2 block*; price only
$2*00 and on easy Installments, same as rental.
See plans at J. 8. JOHNSON'S. 610 Market St.
$1750 Ea"ch!
3 choice level lots suitable for residence or
flats; close to I'ark Panhandle; to be offered
at a bargain or will exchange. G. II UMB-
SEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery it. •
FOR SALR— As a whole or In suTftdlvlslotaa, M-
vara lot. south line Union at; 1I7:( ftet east
of IMerce. Lot. northeast corner Green and
Pltrce sts., 103:1x137:6 feet. Inquire of
CHARLES c. BEMIS. Real Estate Broker.
324 Montgomery st.
FOR SALE— Sacrifice ; handsome flats: Liberty
St.: choice location. Owner, box 2417, Call.
REAL ESTATE—- COUNTRY— For Sale
VINEYARD. ~~~*~~
Winery,
... ' Distillery.
In Nsra Co.,
- . . 1150 acres.
mU*m .. -* 00 »«res resistant vines.
4l*0.W. gallon cooperage,
. Fine brick residence,
,:.* - Price only Jtt.OOO.
... „ McAFEE BROTHERS,
1C1 Montcomery st.. Ban Francis x>.
THE CHOICEST' BODY ~ [ ""
OF RECLAIMED MARSH LAND..
2Cco a errs.
No waste noli. ; .
2SO0 screi under cultivation.
■ ' , ' Remainder will be.
Net rental. $5 to $7 per acre.
One and one-half hours
From San Francisco
By rail or water.
For tale
. As a whole
. . ■■. ■. . -On easy terms.
A Inn-re lease might be given to desirable
parties. ■ • ■
McAFEE BROTHERS,
1C8 Montgomery st.. San Francis :o,
VILLA SITES ■■■•■..'■• ~ ■ ■ - . !
In the heart ■■.;■'■ ■'. ■ -. • '•.•■■
of the . • " • ' ■■ -.'•.•
EL OERRITO HIGHLANDS, \ • - '
S«n Mateo. ■ . . "' •■ '■ . - . . .
In view of the great demand for buIMlnn
sites In El Cerrlto we have been Instructed by
the Bowie Krtate Company to offer for sal*
the choicest portions of the above property.
Maps showing locations and subdivisions to
be seen at our of flee. • . • "... .. •
Terms one-third cash, balance In one and
two years. ■■ ■' . ' . . ■ -
McAFEE BROTHERS, ...
108 Montgomery st.; San Francisco.
FOR 8ALE ~. . ■■.,...■ \ .. .' . • . ■.. •,
; . OR EXCHANGE. *'- '• . V.'' ' '.'■'■■
A highly Improved country home and vine-
ynrd oronerty, situated adjolnlntr the town of
Saratoga, Santa Clara Co., and consisting of M
acres; there are 30 acres planted to the belt
resistant vines grafted to choicest wine grapes;
a few acres are In family orchard; the Im-
provements consist of a large 12-room modern
residence, with spring water piped throughout;
the house is surrounded by handsome grounds,
with lawns, flowers and shrubs; there are also
stablea nnd other ranch buildings; the house
tCHt on a sufficient elevation to command a
beautiful view of the Kanta Clara Valley; the
wine Industry Is assured good prices for years
to come and wine grapes are selling for $25 to
$30 per ton, which makes a resistant vineyard
an Investment . proposition; this property is
worth your Immediate Investigation; price $15,-
(WO. For full Information call on or address ■
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery it.. Ban Francisco. Cal.
OIL LANDS, •.■;.' .:_■• . ■; r ~*~"
Near Sunset District, '. ' ' . " ■.' •
■Kern County, California.
. .' - . ': .. ■' ; 6000 acres. . ■.-.-.•.
. For sale or exchange ■ ; ' Cheap
' McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st.. San Francisco. • ■ •
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS. ... ... •
SAN MATEO, j . \ - ;• '.''.'■'- * : ." ! .
FAIR OAKST^
MKNLO PARK,
PALO ALTO.
We hav« some beautiful villa sites and homes
In these beautiful places; also some handsomely
furnlshed'houses for rent; ■- ' ••.,
DAVID BUSH A BON. 10 Montgomery st.
WE have a stock ranch for sale; also bne or-
chard; they bear Investigation; if you want a
nice home in this city, see us. MILES A
CO., 927 Market St., room 208. ■ -.
FOR site or exchange for city property, on ac-
count of leaving the valley, about 12S acres
of land In Pajaro Valley; mostly young apple
trees ■ of choicest variety, Just beginning to
bear; buildings, tools, horses, wagons, etc.; a
very fine Invesement and sure crops every
year. Apply 40 California st, room g. '
FOR rent near Hay wards— 10-acre poultry and
fruit ranch: well Improved; • cash. Owner.
3926 Sixteenth St., near Mission, S. F.
| RGAI. ESTATE— COUNTRY— Fop ■■'•.
' $2000:-38 ACRES. 2 miles from Martlnes; 5 acres
\ vineyard. . . . .^
$ 1S0O-1 to ucres In the red woods; 30 acre*
cleared, 12 acres orchard; 6-room house, barn,
etc.. in Mendoctno County. •-
» $.'(00— Fruit farm. IS acres, all In bearing;
orchard, house anil, barn; rich level land; near
J Santa Clnro. ' '
.,' J> '00— Ranch. 160 acres, with house and barn;
orchard; 20 acres for araltlvatlon, rest In pas-
ture and wood land; school near; 6 miles
• from Uklah. . -
$2500— Stock ranch, 700 acres. In the hills
west of Uklah; house, barn, etc.; Includes
horses, cattle, hogs and all implements; rare
- bargain. ■ . -• . •■
- $2000— Ranch. 24 acres, with good house,
barn and orchard, on Russian River. Apply to
, ROTHERMEL & MERRELL. 507 California.
REDWOOD timber lands. In lots to suit, at
ffom $5 to $8 per acre. For particulars call
.on or address ROTHERMEL A MERRELL,
607 California at. .
FOR rent— Ranch. 200 acres, in the redwoods,
pit main road. 14 miles west of Uklah; small
House; barn and 'orchard; about 30 acres
cleared and fenced for cultivation, rest in
redwood and oak timber; echool there; rent
only $100 a year. ROTHERMEL & MER-
RKLL. S07 California st. '
-—FOR SALE NEAR SAN Fl.ANCISCO »
Small tract*. $C0 to $!>0 per acre, on Ranch*
Cotatl/. Sonoma Co. ;' future value assured, a*
Fan Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
boM for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co., 302 California st..- for pam-
_plilpts information.
RANCH' near Watsonvllle: bearing orchard;
. l^ young trees; good potato land; must dis-
pose of it in n week or present tenant keeps
It another year; small amount down: low In-
terest : below value. Owner, box 2507. Call. '
$^soo— IMPROVED foothill farm. 204 acres: El
Dorado Co.; n»ar R. R. Box gg. Call office.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale: write for
.free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
_1*_pwcet«. In wrnnner for tnw'l'ng. tl r»»r vesr.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
ELEGANT residence and other Santa Cruz
property; also Oakland lots to exchange for
San Francisco or Seattle property. Box 390.
8anta Cru». I
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
A1..1MF.DA nEAL ESTATE.
HOMES FOR SALE IN ALAMEDA
AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES.
Genuine Bargains. Under Foreclosure.
$11CO— B-room cottage; lot 40x100.
$1500—5 rooms and bath; forge lot.
$1700— 7-room cottage; lot 25x150; a bargain.
$2200— New Colonial home; 5 rooms and bath;
corner lot.
$2tiCO— New 6-room cottage; a great bargain.
$1000— 8 rooms and bath; 2-story house; lot 35
xl50. ,
$3250— 8-room house; lot 40x207; windmill and
stable:
Get our prices.
See our choice lots for sale.
Terms to suit.
. Houses built, rented and exchanged.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1500 Park st., Atameda,
Offlce open Sundays and evenings.
ALAMEDA.
$1250— One-half cash, will buy you a beautiful
modern cottage of 6 rooms, completely and ele-
gantly furnished: lot 60x150. with stable, car-
ringe-houne, chicken yard, flower garden: see
It and you Vlll buy it. - J. 8. JOHNSON. 630
Market St.. 8. F.
$10CO— NEAT cottage, 4 rooms and basement;
lot 25x150; near Morton station.
$2200— New 8-room cottage, pleasant, home:
lot 40x120: cost $3300; choice location: easy
terms. Other bargains In Alameda. Call on
ROTirKRMEL A MKRRELL. 507 California.
BARGAINS; Improved A unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; % cash. Bank of Ala
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAWD REAL EITATR.
WOODWARD. WATSON* * CO..
903 UROADWAY. OAKLAND.
(Successors to William J. Dlngee.)
$?500-RIGHT IN TOWN-$S500.
Elegant northwest corner lot. east of Broad-
way; 100x100; large modern house of 9 rooms:
beautiful grounds; close to local trains nnd
car lines; plenty room for another house or
flats, which would pay handsomely; lot alone
worth $10.0CS.
BEAUTIFUL RESIDENCE' LOTS.
' $IQ per foot for corners, $50 per foot Inside;
any size lot desired. Fronting Webster St.,
Merrimac st. • • -
Prospect ave. i
Finest resilience section of Oakland.
• " flOOO-BUILDING LOT-$1000.
On west side Valdax si. (first street east' of
Webster). 14 feet south of Twenty-fourth;
stands five feet above street; lot 83x100.
$8000— On Eighteenth St.. between Adeline and
Market: NW. corner; large lot. 130x129; beau-
tiful home; hou»c of 10 rooms; all modern
Improvements.
TELEGRAPH AVE. LOTS.
In University Park, north of Alcatras ave. :
iMxilO; Just the lot to build on and sell as
soon as nouses are completed; only $1700: big
bargain.
$3750— Just completed; two-story Eastlake
house of 8 rooms, bath and all modern con-
veniences; on north side of street; near Tele-
graph hve. ; very easy terme.
$2550— I.«rge corner lot; SE. corner Webster
and Twenty-fourth sts.; (5x100: fine locution;
within walking distance of narrow-gaug*; car
line pa*»ea lot; one of the best lots In Oak!and
for flats.
ALAMEDA HOME.
Must be sold to close entate; on San An-
tonio ave., near Paru; large modern hou*** of
i rcoms; cement basement: -lot WxlSO: one of
thn best locations In Alameda; appraised for
$«W"0; offer wanted.
TUB MERRITT HOUSES.
HE SOLD.
The remaining ones are offered at about the
cost of the house* and much less than the ap-
praised values; they front Oak st.
Madison st.
Thirteenth at.
Full particulars and prices at offlce.
WOODWARD. WATSON * CO..
901 Krnadway. Oakland.
(Successor!* to William J. Dlngee.)
E. J. STEWART * CO.. '*
Successors to Geo. W. Austin A Co.,
.. iocs Broadway. Oakland.
12250— Pretty cottage of 6 rooms and bath: lot
3.1x1." » feet: near Telegraph ave.; all street work
complete and stone walks laid: terms $100 down,
balance $25 per month, Including Interest at 8
per cent. . , .
$1159— Modern 'Eastlake cottage of. 4 rooms,
doubl* parlors, bath, high .basement": hot and
cold water; lot 40x1*0 feet, with fine stable:
near local train and electric cars: this Is a
brirKAlrt and will stand thorough ln\*estlgatlon;
title perfect; terms cash or Installments can bo
arranged,
$25C0— Ten-room cottage; 2 baths: conserva-
tory; In one of the choicest locations In Oak-
land; 7 minutes' walk of -broad gauge: street
work complete; open lawn; shade trees; near
High School and churches; lot 37:6x133 feet;
this Is a bargain and must be seen to be appre-
ciated : lot alone worth $1500: house Insured for
$1800.
$2250— Sacrifice for a quick sale; comfortable
modern story end n half house of • rooms and
bath, close to local station; electric car line In
front: $^O rnsh. balance $25 per month. Includ-
ing Interest.
R. J. STEWART & CO.,
Successors to Geo. W. Austin A Co.;
_^______ • 1W) 8 Broadway, Oakland.. .
SNAP— Good farm, 3no acres: three miles from
Oakland; $73 an acre, which Is less than half
. price of adjoining lands; this land Is bonded:
parties In Interest will sell at n whole or dls.
pose of a third or a half Inttwrt to right
party; two-thirds of purchase prlco car. be
, borrowed on tho land at 0 per cent Interest;
. this • is an exceptional opportunity for. a
« qtUck speculation: title perfect, * ■■■
. ■ \ULUERT WYMAN. Attorney at Law.
■ ■ ■ Offlce and residence Twenty-seventh ave.
and East Sixteenth st., Frultvale, Cal. ;
;.-■ Phone Drook 123.' .-..■■<■.■ ;
GOOD farm. 61« acres; 7 miles from Oakland;
350 acres good plow land, balance good pas*
• turo and timber; abundance of . water— creek
and twelve springs: house, large barn, old
bearing orchard; price $28 an acre, which is
lens than half price of. adjoining lands; title
perfect. GILBERT WYMAN; Atty. at Law.
- Offlcn and residence Twenty-seventh ave.
and Enst Sixteenth st, Frultvale, Cal. ,
' Phone Brook 123. .: , *«
GRAY'S BARGAINS. ""^T" ~"~
. $6500— Elegant house of 9 rooms, laundry and
bath; plate glass windows; latest, plumbing;
beam celling in dining-room; furnace; large
basement, etc.; large lot; terms can bear-
.ranged to suit; situate on Adams Point,- on*
block from electric car lino.
Elegant new colonial home of 9 rooms, laun-
dry and bath; furnace; electric lighting: com-
bination fixtures; beam colling In dining-room:
elegant location on Nob Hill of East Oakland.
200 feet from car line; lot 60x160. <
:.....■ OBO. B. M. ORAT,
464 Ninth it
B. M. DODOB A BON, . ,. .. ./.i ■„ '■:
1180 Broadway. . Oakland. , • '
' i $3260— Something extra nice In the . way I of
' a modern up-to-date, brand new home In Oak.
land out toward Berkeley; lot 60xl3S; 7 rooms
and bath. Call and let us show you thia. .
oaki;AN1);ady4rtisements:
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.'
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
' MfKCiAL. KAKUAiNt-J. x
. tSrKClAv JJAxtU AIM ti.
SfKClALi BAKUAi-NS. '.
••- bf KC1AL BARGAINS. *
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
b^KC'iAL, jUauCAi AS.
bf&ClAL '.BARGAINS.
Ui'KClAL' UAKUAliSU. ,' ■ ,
..READ THIS. . •
$18,500— Business corner; just the location for
a bank; choicest location in Berkeley. Since we
secured our contract a $40,000 business block
going up; the new Postofhce has leaned adjoin-
ing premises for 10 years; present Income »»0U
per annum; no leases; believe we can get $1500
per annum. ■ • - ■ .
A Genuine Investment. • v ■ '
''Thanks for Your Contract."
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO., J
460 and 462 Eighth St., Oakland.
AN ELEGANT HOME.
MUST BE SOLD (READ THIS).
5 Near Senator Perkins' . mansion. Vernon
Heights, We offer lovely modern Gothic style,
built for a home; 9 rooms; porcelain bath; elec-
tric appliances; fine 'mantels, (one co3t $250);
Interior superb order; barh; choice garden; large
double frontage lot; present price Includes $800
worth fine new 5-months-old' carpets (would sell
at a bargain elegant Flemish carved oak din-
ing-room set. value $1000); property mortgaged.
$50C0 ban remain; cost over $10,000; reduced to
$7250; we possibly can get further reduction to
close sale this week.
Forcing sale— First come, first served. Our
Instructions are to sell.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460 and 462 Eighth at.. Oakland.
A SPLENDID OPPORTUNITY.
SPECIAL SNAP; ON 8MALL PAYMENT.
A contractor has two Ideal new 8-room homes,
with flat loans of $3000 and $3500 on each; to
tave paying Interest and rather than rent, and to
get his working capital out. has authorized us to
obtain Immediate offer over present loans. We
have oold 3 to prominent Oakland merchants and
a lawyer, who have a quick knowledge of their
value: located close In; superb neighborhood; 603
feet of several $25,000 homes; no choicer home
neighborhood; stop paying rent; if you have not
much money, see us; we will arrange balance;
don't delay; call at onre. while seller li anx-
ious to sell. We strive to offer good values.
LAYMANCE REAL E8TATE CO.,
430 and 462 Eighth st.. Oakland,
$22.000— PALATIAL MANSION.
"Beautiful for situation." possessing advan-
tages of near remoteness and accessible seclu-
sion: only one year constructed; a rare home
offering.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
• 460 and 462 Eighth St.. Oakland.
SPECIAL BARGAINS. . '.'
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
\.-9 SPECIAL BARGAINS.
SPECIAL BARGAINS. - ,
SPECIAL BARGAINS. .
, SPECIAL BAROAIN8.
8PECIAL BARGAINS.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
$3C0 CASH; $7 50 monthly— New modern cottage
of 4 large rooms; high basement; Immense
shade trees; shrubbery; grand soil; well shel-
tered rook: 28 houses cone tup In 4 months:
near church chapel and school; electric cars
near by; 4 -main roads: a place where one
can more than make a living In the chicken
business If they wish; adjoining East Oak-
land: no fan nor raw winds: lot 162:6x100;
more land adjolnlnc; for price in all $1325.
Call or send for circular. 455 Seventh sC.» op-
posite Broadway station. Oakland; carriage
tree. H. Z. JONES, owner. ' ' ■
1C0 ACRES near Nlles. $5000; good house; bear-
Ing orchard; untneumbered; will rent. s«-ll
or exchange ' for city Improved. WYMAN
LAND CO.. 1137 E. Fourteenth St.. near
Twenty-third ave., Oakland.
BAKERY and ■ confectionery for rent: also
restaurant; good location; grocery and meat
market; umall cottages and flats, nr. 23d ave.
Wyman Land Co.. 1137 E. 14th st.. Oakland.
$500 CASH. $37 50 per month; new 8-room house;
40-foot lot; 10 mlntK.T»' walk from City Hall
and local. WM. 'P. TODD, 1070 Broadway,
Oakland. ■ . .-.-.
$20.000— MODERN block of flats for an Invest-,
ment: pay 8'par cent* Interest on $t0,000: close
to local train. Address WM. . P. TODD, 1070
Broadway, Oakland. ■ . -
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mall'ns*. $1 per year.
~ OAKI.AHD HOU»KS TO LET. ~~
$10— 5-ROOM cottage near town.
$10— 6-room flat;, new; on Telegraph ave.
114— 4-room flat; In town; desirable. >r ■
$25— g-room house; near train; modern.
t^O— io rooms; elegantly furnished; near train.
E. J. STEWART A CO..
Successors to Geo. W. Austin A Co..
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY lower flat, t large rooms; electric ser-
vice throughout: 2 coal and 1 gas grate; large
corner lot; lawn: fruit. and shade trees and
flowers: lot elevated: choice locality: will rent
low to satisfactory permanent tenant: Eighth
are. electric cars, corner Washington and
Eighth sts., come within 1 block. Call or
address 1659 Ninth ave.; East Oakland.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
DERKELF.Y nEAL ESTATE.
8 LOTS, each 40x135; street work all done; sit-
uated within one block of the Berkeley depot;
. price $600 each: biggest snap In town!
MAY & MORTIMER. Berkeley station.
$275 FOR lots 60x134; within three blocks of
electric cars; situated In the hills; grand view
of Golden Gate; terms to suit.
MAY A MORTIMER.
$650— LOTS 40x135 In the Byrne Tract: adjoins
the lovely Berry man property; cars pass the
door; will build to suit. -
MAY A MORTIMER.
$1750— LOT G0xl40. on Ridge road, one block of
college grounds; situated In the "beautiful
Scenic Park Tract; a bargain. -
MAY A MORTIMER.
WE are agents for the Wheeler Tract, which
overlooks Berkeley and half of. the Pacific
ocean. Send for mafts. ■ -..«.■•
■ MAY & MORTIMER. Berkeley.
LOT 135x130; near railroad station; to be sold
In the next few days for less than cost: only
$1100: see It. J. S. JOHNSON. 630 Market
St., San Francisco. ■■.'.■'. • . - . -
$2875 WILL secure you a modern up-to-date
-6-room cottage; open nickel plumbing; /por-
celain bath; laundry; lot 40x135;' cement wall
and walks: sunny side of street and near the
Berkeley depot and University; only small
amount cash and balance same as rental. -See
J. 8. JOHNSON. 630 Market St.. 8. F.
I WILL pay $4000 cash ' and a large modern
residence of 9 rooms, lot 90x300, In the best
part of Berkeley, near the University, valued
at $8000, for a modern residence north of Cali-
fornia st. See J. 8. JOHNSON, 630 Market
at., Ssn Francisco. ,,' ■■ . ■■• .
E. J. STEWART A CO., ~~ ' .:<■• . .. •'
Successor to Geo. W. Austin A Co., '■■{"■' : -
••■ • . 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$27tO— Bank sale ; two-story house of 7 rooms,
bath; oil modern and tn fine condition; lot 40x
13S ft.; street work all done; $250 /cash, balance
$25 per month. Including Interest at 8 per cent;
five blocks from depot. -'. -.-.i ;,.....:' ..'■;. -;
$2SC0— Brand new, ! pretty cottage of 6 rooms
and bath; corner lot; street work complete;
three blocks from depot; nice, location; easy
terms can be arranged.' . . '-" •• - ..-'.•■ . ' ,.
E. J. 8TBWART * CO.. V
Bucessors to Geo.' W,- Austin A Co.,-' •
; . ' ■ 1008 Broadway, Oakland. :
$4500— HANDSOME modern 2-stBry 7-room and
hath; lot 50x125; choice' location near univer-
sity: includes the elegant furniture; half
cafh.' ■■ •■■ : .■■■ -, ,-- •■ ■- , ■/. ■■ ■ .-'■■ • ...
$1400— Corner tot. 227x120: 4-room house and
kitchen: both streets sewered; bet. Lorln ami
Ashby statlonn; one-third cash;' best bargain :
In Berkeley. "','•:.■
.•$1400— Fine corner, 50x125, In Bcenlc ave. •
■ $90ft— Corner, 46x115; Telegraph ave.
10500— Income ■ property near University;
Urge house, 22 rooms; lot DOxHO; rents $700
year. , • -.•■ ■ ■;. . ■:.'■. .;,:,; • • .., ...
$2500— New 6-room cottage on Installments.
UOTHERMEL a i^ERRELL, 607 California.
MUST be sold; a new 6-room cottage, hlah
bok-ment. stationary ■ tubs, mantel, patent
closet and porcelain* bath; only 2 blocks from
station ;• price $1400; very easy terms.
. A neat modern cottage of S rooms on a
large lot; only- 4 minutes' walk from cars.,
stores, churches, etc.; price $1500; easy terms.
• Come and we the S ,6 and 7 room houses
.we have Just finished; all on good large lots;
near station;- will sell . them on small pay-
ments down, ' balance same as rent. ■/ . -
, • HOME REALTY CO.,"' •
Open Sundays. , . \ Lorln Station.
Berkeley, Cal.
$U0O~IN the HUlegass Tract; a full slsed lot.
■ (2x160; near Dwlgnt way; street work all
■ done. ■ ■■. ■■;,■ ■*; *\ • ' -»■-...■ ■■
A good Investment; house of 13 rooms; rent*
ed for |S0 monthly net; only $6600.
i Fin** 9-room house; corner lot ; street work
all done; near station. House contains win-
dow shades, combination ■ fixtures and Sun-
shine water heater; price $3300. ■-
.- .---JOSEPH, J. 'MASON,
• ■ ■■■••-■ Adjoining . p. : p.; Berkeley.
NO. 245— 14000; 7-room ' hduie ; , lot 328x145; fruit
trees; electric cars pass the door. ,
... No ' ?*f 1005 a ntw •-room house; lot SOx
135; west front. ■ ■•'•* . ■ .... ...
fWO-Lot MxlJS ; south front; Bcenlo Park.
$850— Lot 75x125; south front: Scenlo Park.
' V_ • «■ 5i"8.^QUACKBNBU8H.
Opp. First National Bank, Berkeley
. . • .'. ' ■■ ■ -V -■ ■. .■'- ■ V '■. •v i •' ,- ■.'•
OAKLAND FURNITURE . FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Scbellbaas the
..■ furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
FKIIITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FR11TVALB ItK A I. K»TATtB.
Il)~A. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station, Cal.
Great bargain— Good farm of 300 acres, ad-
joining Syndicate Lands; three miles from Oak-
land: $75 an acre, which is lees one-half price
of adjoining lands: this land la bonded: parties
In interest will Bell as a whole or dispose of
one-third or one-half- Interest to right party;
two-thirds of the purchase price can be bor-
rowed on the land at « per cent interest: this is
an exceptional opportunity for a quick specu-
lation.
$650— $50 cash and $8 monthly; cozy cottage of
3 large rooms, hard-flnlshed; pantry, closet*.
etc.: city water; only 2 blocks from electric
cars.
$9C0— $25 cash and $12 50 per month; cottage,
3 large rooms; 7- foot basement: good brick
foundation; chicken house; lot 75x100; all
fenced; fine location, and a bargain.
$1400— Two-story house of 7 rooms and bath;
good brick foundation; stable; 3 chicken houses,
12 fruit trees, good well and pump; corner lot.
$0x135. all fenced; this property must be sold,
as owner Is called away. ,
$1450— Modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
j high basement, barn, chicken house, fine well,
I windmill and tank; lot 50x125; near local train.
I $1700— Chicken ranch of 2Vi acres; house of 4
1 rooms, stable and chicken houses; fine location;
only 1 block from electric cars.
For particulars apply to ,
H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station. Cal.
A— THE HOME-BUILDING COMPANY.
$1500— New house. • rooms and bath; 4 blocks
from station; payments to suit.
$1000— House 5 rooms and bath: 3 blocks from
Frultvale ave.; lot 112x111 feet; barn;
terms reasonable.
$1600— New bakery and 5 rooms; right at sta-
tion; brick bake oven, cost $400; a good
business opportunity; terms to suit.
$1200— House 6 rooms; corner lot. 45x145; $16 SO
per month will buy this home.. ..
$1600— New aqd modern house, 6 rooms 'and
bath; 1 • block from Fruttvale-ave. car;
this Is mortgage price; terms to suit.
W. E. RUDELL.
Frultvale ave., south of railroad track.
Office open from g to 10 a. m. ; all day Sundays.
LOT near electric road; must sell; make bid.
H. W. DAVIS. Frultvale station
. ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BRADY, 39. off Market— Light housekeeping
rooms; sunny; 45 and $8; private family.
EDDY. 83»— Two sunny completely furnished
rooms: fine location; phone.
EIGHTH. 34B, near Market— Comfortable front
alcove suite with grate; neatly furnished,
suitable for gentlemen or married people;
housekeeping if desired; bath; private family.
ELLIS, 330—2 small furnished housekeeping
rooms In rear; rent $10.
ELLIS. 639, cor. Larkln— Sunny furnished bay-
window; mantel, folding bed; use of kitchen.
FIFTH, 353 — 3 furnished housekeeping rooms,
with bath. $20; two. $10; single. $5.
FOLSOM. 620— Large rooms on first floor for
families with children; large grounds.
FOLSOM. 1293, corner Ninth— Sunny, coxy
housekeeping rooms, $11; also others; 1 large.
FRANKLIN. 502— Large sunny front furnished
room; light housekeeping; $10.
GEARY, 1225— Unfurnished suite. 3 rooms; sun-
ny furnished bay-window, with kitchen, com-
plete. .
GEARY. 1C35— 2 parlors suitable for housekeep-
ing; unfurnished.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 40*>— Alcove and kitchen,
completely furnished: grate; bath; gas; range.
HAIGHT. 222— Three pleasant, perfectly ap-
pointed housekeeping rooms for couple; sunny;
alcove; telephone: gas stove.
IIYDK. 40S— Sunny front parlor with kitchen.
$20; also a large sunny furnished room, $13.
LARKIN. 804— Sunny back housekeeping suite;
gas and yard; $11; sunny single room. II.
MISSION. 1729*4 near Thirteenth— Two sunny
furnished houskng. rooms; bath; laundry: $8-
MCALLISTER. 638— Large sunny front room;
sink, gas range, bath. $12; also suite. $11
MCALLISTER. 20CO. ccr. Central ave.— 3 sunny
rooms furnished for housekeeping. $3.
OAK. 119— Sunny room, furnished, heavy house,
keeping, $3; small front room, furnished. $6.
O'FARRELL. 21CS. near Devlsadero— Nice fur-
nished room with use of kitchen and home
comforts; IS.
PINE. 1300—2 sunny front corner furnished
housekeeping rooms: gas; range; $17. ■
POST. 527— 3 rooms furnished .for housekeeping;
3. 3. unfurnished; bath; gas; reasonable.
POST. 732—4 rooms, furnished: bath; laundry;
private family: references; hours 11 to 4.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at ION
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Cntarn.
AROYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister-New, elegant,
sunny; grill attached; 75c per day and up-
. ward; special rates by week or month; take
' McAUisler-st. cars from ferry to dorr.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 2S to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; cpea all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)-Fur-
nlsaed rma., suites, single: also unfurnished.
BUSH. 727— Unfurnished and furnished room
for 'gentlemen; gas; bath.
BUSH. 10S4— For gentlemen, elegant lunny front
suite and single rooms in private residence.
CLAY. 1457— One large furnished sunny room:
suitable for one or two person*-. •
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— ElegaaUjr
furnished sunny rcoms; prices reasonable.
DEVISADERO. 1703-Sunny neatly furnished
rooms, $4 and $3 per month.
EDDY. 106— Sunny .. suite of rooms: also single
' rooms; reasonable.
EDDY. 210— Front parlor; light housekeeping If
desired; also single.
EDDY. 303, cor. Jones— Front bay-window
sunny room; use of kitchen If required.
EDDY, 319— Handsomely furnished front suite
with or without . board.
FOUR clean, sunny, unfurnished rooms on
Rlncon Hill. 307 First st.; a snap; $7.
FOUR' fine showrooms and office floors to let;
409 Market st. Apply 8chloss Crockery Co.
FOURTH. 149— New ; furnished sunny rooms
from $5 to $13 p«r month.
FRANCISCO HOTEL— Elegant' suites: single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk A Taylor.
GEARY. 405, The Ntvarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GROVE. 618— Large sunny front room: rent $4.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan). 24 Turk
st, near Market— Central location; new build-
Ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
Mo per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best In the city; references;
. take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st.
GOLDEN OATE ave.. 433— Elegantly fur. rms.;
. . large front and back 'parlor suitable for doctor.
HAIOHT, 630-Nlcely furnished sunny back and
front parlor; also other room; reasonable.
HOTEL FLORENCE. 103 Ellis St.— 3unny out-
slde rooms; single. $3 50; suites. $4 SO per
week; newly renovated; elevator; baths. v ■
JOHN. 23. off Powell— |S; 3 large sunny rooms;
closets and yard.'
JONES. 614— Sunny- room suitable for lady "or
gentleman, $S a month ; single room. $J. •
MINNA. 667. corner Sth -Newly furnished- bay-
window room. $1. per week: transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1013 Market— Nicely fur-
.nlshed rooms; $t : a week up; 85c a day up.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnUhed rooms and
■ offices ; elevator; clcc. lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL. 332— Handsomely furnished sunny
parlor floor: references. : .. .
O'FARRELI* SU— Sunny room for 1 or 3 gen-
tlemen; running water; $1S; references. -
OLIVE ave . 124— Two unfurnished rooms, $7
1 month; privilege to use kitchen. ■
POWELL. 724— Sunny suite; bath; phone: run-
ning water; single room; private family.
RINCON place. 2*— Sunny room; fireplace; us«
: of. kitchen; for lady. .
ROYAL House. 128 Ellis— Incandescent light:
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week, $3 to
$8; month, $8 - to $20; elevator on ground
.'floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SACRAMENTO. 1633— A neat/ sunny room tor
one or two gentlemen; board optional.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st
■ near Market— Furnished or unfurnished. '
STOCKTON. 332— A sunny suite and singles.
neat and clean; bath, phone; prices low..-
BUTTER. J»H (The Stanford)— Suites from $3
.to- $7; singles. $3 to $5 per wwt; transient.
BUTTER, 4»-Nlcely furnished sunny room:
suitable for two. ■
TAY. 3. off Clay, between . Powell and Mason—
Sunny front room to a sober man for $«. In-
cluding bath. -.-.*.
TENTH. 383— Front bay-window room, Tu£
-nlahtd; rent $3. ;,:.,« . * . .
ROOMS TO LET— Ftir-a. sind Cafarn^
THIRTEENTH, 232 -Sunny furnished room;
gas. •-...' ■
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 220O Flllmore «t.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements an<l
subscriptions has been established at 1C*« V*.
' lencla st. • - ' -
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
M pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
*'- ROOMS AND BOARD. .
-^^fc^rfNeX^S^S/VeX/^^^^^^^^SrfS^^^^S^^e^^S^^^.^.^^^^^^S^i^'t^^^iieV^X^^^^t^i^,^
PIERPONT HOTEL. 418 Ellis, opens Dec. 1.
Choice can now be made of these elegant,
well-appointed apartments which have every
desired comfort and convenience; excellent
table; new and modern; location unsurpased.
A SELECT family boarding place, quiet A re-
fined: appointments 1st -class; desirable local-
ity; north of Market st. Box 2382. Call.
THE IRVINGDALE, 626 Eddy— Newly reno-
vated: new management; furnished rooms,
with board: excellent table; prices moderate. ■
HOTEL Las Palmas. 1820 Market— Suite- 2 or t
rooms, bath; board optional; single rooms.
VAN NESS. 519— Handsome furnished parlors;
all conveniences: other suites; table board.
A LARGE front room: board: hot. cold water:
fire, closet; use parior. piano. 830 Van Ne*s.
CALIFORNIA. 807 JSteveiwon Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
HOTEL Repelter. 78* Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
CHEAPEST and best In America-The Weekrj/I
f- .' }******• " ent t0 an y address to tha
United Btatea or Canada one year for $L
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
MAN and wife wish sunny room with first-
class board in Alameda. Address, giving full
particulars, box 2519. .Call offlce.
YOUNG lady would Ilka pleasant sunny room
with or without board. Box 2405. Call office.
LADY piano teacher would like nice room in
exchange for lessons. Box 2406. Call office.
ROOM and board by elderly gentleman; private
family. Address box 2526. Call offlce.
ROOMS •WAKTED.
WANTED- Two unfurnished rooms with morn-
ing sun. in Western Addition. In private fam-
- 11/. by gentleman of quiet habits who wishes
to b© permanent Address C. F. L., 213 call-
fornla st., room 7. .
YOUNG man wanu room in private family:
terms $5; near Larkln and Market preferred;
references. Address with terms box 2408. Call.
ROOM wanted, furnished, with bath privilege;
describe fully size, exposure, price, etc.; loca-
tlon. Larkln. Market to Post. Box 2522. Call.
WANTED— A flat of three rooms: must be lo-
cated central; rent not over 810. Box 2414.
Call offlce. -,
WANTED-H or S unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping for adults. MRS. T.. 1814 Stelner st.
MABBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage license* were Owned
yesterday: . . ■ 'A
Charles G. Fredell. 43. 4068 Twenty-fourth^
street, and Mathilda Petterson. 37. 406< Twen-
ty-fourtb. street.
H^, m e U ;. I 3S:-c?t r y ! . S " lm - * ** "* " *
John F. Dupre, 36. Oakland, and EdlUi C.
Rock. 22. Sydney. Australia.
George M. Clary. 23. 113ft Market street, and
Elsie M. Saylor. *L$. 230 Harriet street.
Joseph Pedeaux. 28. 1235 Dupont street, and
May Harrf. 19. city.
Martha J. Kroger. 25. 602 Second street, and
Frieda Melnecke.. 19. 1512 Pacific avenue.
Conrad Becker Jr.. 20. 9 Reed place, and
Annie M. Erickson, 17, 1536 Mason street.
William E. Holmes. 31. 119 Sixth street, and
Bertha M. Faber. 23. city.
Bm-MABBIASES-DEAIE
Birth, marriage and death notices seat by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be banded
In at either of the publication offices and b»
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published,
BOBS'.
ARMES— In Alameda. November 2». 1301, to
the wife of Clayton Armes. a daughter.
ARNDT— In East Oakland^ November 30. 1901.
to the wife of Edward O. Arndt. a daughter.
BACHMAN— In this city. November 26. 1301. to
the wife of Arthur Bacnman. a son.
DALY— In this city. November 27. 1901. to til*
wife of David 3. Daly, a son. ' ,
DAWNEY— In this city. November 24. 19C1. to
the wife of J. II.' Dawney. a son. : ,
FORD— In this city. November 17, 1901. to turn
wife of Daniel Ford, a son.
HEANEY— In this city. November 30, 1901, to
the wife of Edward J, Heaaey (neo RUey), a
*dausht*r.
JACKSON— In this city. November 37. 1901. to
the wife of William E. Jackson, a. son.
'■ McCORMICK— In this city. November Z7. 1901.
to the wife of J. A. McCormlck. a ion.
McLAUGHLIN— In this city. Norember 22. 1301.
to the wife of David II. McLaufalln, *
daughter.
MARTTNCICH— In this city. November 25. 1901.
to th<r*wir e of Frank Maxtmclch. a daughter.
O* CALLAGHAN— In this . city. November 2C.
1901. to the wife of Thomas H. aCaUagiian.
a son. '
O'DEA-In this city. November 20. 1901. to tis
wife of Edward O'Dea. a daughter.
PEARCE— In this city. November 23. 1901. to
the wife of Frank Pearce. a son.
SOLPRO— In this city. November 28. 1901. to
the wife of L. J. Solpro. a daughter.
TELLES— In this city. November 22. 1901. to
the wife of C A. Telles. a daughter.
WETZEL— In this city, November 28. 1901. to
the wife of Anton WetseL a daughter. •
TWAtaitTR-n, r
CABANSKI— SENLICH— In this city. Novem-
ber 23. 1901, by the Rev. J. Fuendeliay, Stan-
islaus K. Cabanskl of San Fraacisco and
Sophia Senllch of Oakland. Cal.
EBENRITTER— HURLEY— la this city. No-
vember 77. - 1901. by the Rev. Maurice Ken-
nelly. Otto L. Ebenritter and Mamie J. Hur-
ley, both of San Francisco.
Fli-ANCISCO— CARTER— la this city. Novem-
Cer 30. 1901. by the Rev. Dr. Joan A. B.
Wilson. Manuel J. Francisco and Laura, V.
Carter, both of Benlcta, Sola.no County.
HAGSTROM— EVERSON— In thia city. No-
vember 80. 1901. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B.
Wilson. Charles J. Hagstrom and Christina '
Kverscn. both of San Francisco.
KROGER-WEINECHE-In this city. "Wmia-
ber 30. 1901. by the Rev. J. Fuendellng. Mar-
tin Kroger and Frieda Welnecae. bota. of.
San Francisco.
LENKAN— SCHMIDT— In thia city. November
30. 1901. by the Rev. J. Fuendellng. Claus F.
Lenkan an* Hermln» Schmidt.
PERALTA— KENNET— In tala city. Norember
29. 1901. by the Rev. Herbert F. Brig-fa, pas-
tor of Central it. E. Church. Joseph Permit*
and Bessie Kenney, both of San Francisco.
RUEOG— PETERSEN— In this city. November
28. 1901. by the Rev. J. Fuendellng. Jakob
Ruegg and Amanda. Petersen.
STUART— GRIFF— In Oakland. November 37.
190L by the Rev. J. H. Thelss. Percy Rankla
.- Stuart and Amelia Gripp. _:
DIED.
Arientl, Francisco Levy. Jacob -'•
- Bain. James J. McCarthy. Charles A.
Bolsted. Lars M. Mclnerney. Kate A.
• Bray, Harold W. Malgan, Thomas X*.
Callaghan, Margaret Mohr, Jacob
Christie, Alexander New house, Morlti
Creegan. Peter J. Nyman. Eda M.
Devan. Maria Platt. Grace A.
Gleaves. James M. Rounds. Georsre C
Green. Robert A. Ryan. Mary A.
Haskell. Mary L. Sehlnkel. -Dor*
Horn, Thomas L. . Sullivan, Michael
Kaffke. Henrietta Vlvier. Louis
Klopenstlne. Joseph* Weiss (Infant)
Kottlnger, Eleanor
ARIENTI— In the City and County Hospital.
November 29. 19rn. Francisco Arlentl. a na-
tive of Italy, aged 43 years. . -
BAIN— In San Rafael. November 29. 1901. James
J., beloved husband of Mary E. Bain, a na-
tive of London. England, axed SS years.
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), from his late residence, thenco 1
to St. Raphael's Church, where a> requiem
mass will be offered for the repose of his
' soul at 8:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Oli-
vet Cemetery.
BOLSTED-In Oakland. November ». 1901, .
Lars M.. husband of the late Gertha Bolsted.
and father of Ellse and Minnie Bolsted and
Mrs.. Clara McDonald, a native of Norway.
' aged 69 years 7 months and 35 days.
K7The funeral service* will be held to-
j day .(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, at the parlors of .
HENRY J. GALLACH E CO.
(Successor to Flannagan * Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALKXR3.
» Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
.•■--. Ttlephon* South 80. ■ .
Mt Olivet Cemetery,
/:-v .San Mateo County. ' . .
OFFICE : WIU MARKET STREET.
■ : J. HENDERSON. Manager.
Eugene McGinn. McQINn BROS..
- Funeral Directors and Kmbalmers,
31 EDDY STREET.
Telephone South 152. .San Francisco.
No Oonnectlon_Wlth AnyOther Housn.
HEW FIRM OF U.iDtUTAKBRS. - v
Samuel ltcFadden, 13 yeara .manager for 1
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J. I
MeBrearty. with the same. company tor IS '
yeara: P. F. Green, la t« with J. C O'Con- •
nor * Co.. have opened, new Funeral Par- E
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Sev-nta
and Eighth. , Telephone Bouta 44. - •Henry Evers. SG Washington street, Oak-
land. Interment rrlvate.
BrtAT— In Oakland. November », 1301.' "Harold
William Bray, beloved eon of W. J. Bray and
K>ttie M. Uray. a native of California, aged
2 mt-t.ths and 9 days.
C7 Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-<lay <s»unday). at 1 o'clock, at 1575 Twenty-
lint avenue, tlaet Oakland. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery.
CALLAQHAN— In this city. November SO. 1901.
Marcarct Acnes, beloved daughter of Tim-
othy and Mancaret Callachan. and sister of
Mary. John Joseph. Patrick William and
Johar.nab I2!en Callachan. a' native of San
Francisco, ased Z years 9 months and <
days. . • ■ ■ . ■ - :■■.■ -■'.- ■.; -. ' .
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
< Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents. 136S Treat avenue. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
CHRISTIE— In Oakland. November £7. 1901.
Alexander P. Christie, beloved brother of
Henry P. and Robert Christie, a native of
Montrose. Scotland, aged Cl years S months
aiid 8 daj'S. : ■•■....;.
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
Sunday), at 1:30 ocsck, from the Masonic
Temple, Alameda. Services under the aui>-
pic« of Oak Grove Lodge No. 215. F. and A.
M. Interment Mountain View Cemetery. Re-
mains at the residence of Mrs. M. E. Nixon.
1711 Santa Clara avenue. Alameda. :-■:.:- ...;
Cn KEG AN— In this city, November-- £9."- 1901.
Peter J.. beloved aon of the late Peter and
Mary Creesran. and brother of Mary E. and
James F. Creeran. a native of t5an Fran-
cisco, aged K years 7 months and 17 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
«SunC«y>. at 12 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 543 Stevenson street, thence to St.
Patrick s Church for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
I3EVAN— In this city. November 59. 1901.
Maria, widow cf the late 1 Thomas Devan. a
native of Ireland. . . ■ -.-■ .
CLEAVES— In this city. November J7. 1901,
James Malcolm Cleaves. United States Sur-
veyor General, beloved husband cf Martha A,
Gleaves. father of James M. Jr. and Charles
B. Cleaves, and brother of Dr. C C. and
r»r. A. D. Cleaves, a native of Ohio, aged
«» years 2 months and IS days.
fcJ" Friend* and acnuaiataners are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sundry), at : o'clock, from MlMloa Ma-
sonic Temple. 266S Mission street, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third, under the
aurrices of Mission Lodre No. 169. F. and
A. M. Interment, Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by electric funeral car from corner Twenty-
. third and Guerrero streets. Remains at th«
faneral parlors of Charles H. J. Truman &
Co., SIS Mason street, between O'Farrell and
Geary.
GREEN— In Sacramento. November T», 1901.
Robert A. Green, beloved husband of Jessa-
mine W. Green, father of Alice K. and Rob-
erta A. Green, and brother of Milton J. and
Lewis L. Green, a native of Orovllle. Cal..
ared 41 years.
K7Funeral services at the residence or
Mrs. M. M. Brock. 14£S Broadway. Oakland.
Cal.. to-day iSunday). at 1 o'clock. In-
terment by cremation, private. Please omit
flowers.
HASKELL— In this city. November 28. 1901.
Mary Lord Haskell. beloved wife of the late
Ceorre fi. Haskell. and mother of Mrs. W.
McArthur and Mrs. C. S. Watson, a native
ef Portland. Me. (Bc?t6n. Mass., papers
{Mease copy.)
ETTrtesds and acquaintances are- respect-
Tuily invited to attend the funeral to-day
< Scndey). at 1 o'clock, from -310 Scott street.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
1-TORX- In this city. November S9. mi. Thomas
L-. beloved husband of Helen Wells Horn,
and rather of Dr. Henry Horn and William
P. Horn.
C7"Funeral services to-day (Sunday), at
1:3* o'clock, at his late residence. 739 Post
street. Interment private.
KAFFKE-In this city. November 30. 1901.
Henrietta, beloved wife of the late Martin
KaSke. and mother of Mrs. Emma Poss-
necke. Mrs. H. Texnpe, Mrs. M. Wleland.
Mr- A. Kuhne and the late Herman Ka-Tke.
a native oi SchneldemubL Prussia, aged 73
yeaxc 4 months and 9) days.
KLOPENSTINE— In this city. November 30.
lSttl, Jcaepc Klopenstlne. a native of Canton.
Ohio. a«e4 7« years 3 months and £ days.
KOTTINGER— In thts city. November 30. 1901.
Elear.cr, dearly beloved and only child of
William B. and Bertha Kottlnger. and grand-
daughter of Mrs. Julia Bartholdy and Mrs.
Mary R- Kottincer. a native of San Jose.
Cat., aged 3 years and S3 days.
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
-.Sunday), ax 1 o'clock, from the residence of
iier carents. 730 Fulton ftreet, between Bu-
< har.an and Webster. Interment Mouat Oli-
vet Cemetery.
LEVT— In Boflie. Cal.. November 27. 190t Ja-
cob, beloved bucband of Frances Levy, father
A Mr» B. P. Mlrael of Llvermore. Cal., and
L2.txra and Juliet Levy, and brother of Mar-
cus and the late Morris Levy of New York.
M:s N- Dusenbcrg aad Mrs. H. Morris, a
r.auve cf Germany, aged 64 years " months
ind a days. tCarson City. Nev., paper*
: :■»>* copy.)
Z^Frleais are resijectfully Invited to at-
:«*nd the funeral to-day (SundayJ. at 10
j'clock. from the famSy residence, ltZl Sut-
ler »treet. Please omit flowers, ;"..-:
McCARTHT— In this city. November 29, 1901.
Charles A., beloved son of Daniel and Mar-
garet McCarthy, and brother of Frank C.
and the late Edward and David McCarthy, a
native of Virginia City. Nev.. aged 33 years
1 months and S3 days.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
Sunday). at S:« o'clock, trom his late re*l-
1*-ne*. TZS Oolden Gate avenue, tbeace xo St.
Mary** Cathedral for eenicea. Iaterreent
Holy Cross Cemetery.
M-TNKRNET— In this city. November 29. 1901.
Kate A., beloved wife cf J. J. Mclnerney.
uT.i beloved tl«er of Jane and Delia Breslln
• nd Mrs. Madre Ca»ey and Mrs. Ellen Burke
of Sacramento. Cal.. a native of Movill.
•.'ounty Do&ec&l. Ireland.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnrlted to attend the funeral to-day
Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. * Kate street, thence to St. Joseph's
Osurch for services, commencing at 1:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MALOAV— In thle city. November ». 1301.
Tnomas Francis Malras. beloved father of
Mre. C. F. Sen*, and Miss M. Malran. a na-
t!\-e cf Ireland, ared 54 years " months and
2 days. A member cf Cherokee Lodre No.
S2, I. O. O. F.. and Table Mountain Lodge
No. 124. F. and A. M. (Butte and Shasta
counties papers please copy.)
CyFriends and acauaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
'Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel cf the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany. ;«T5 Mifslon street, near Twenty-first,
lcteranent Mouat Olivet Cemetery.
MOHR — la Wlsselshelm. Germany. Jacob
Mohr. beloved hu*band of Elizabeth Mohr.
and father of Henry. Jacob A.. Frederich
W and John Mohr and Mn. H. Bo»h of San
Francisco and Herman and Emma Mohr of
(termany, a native of Hockwelsel. Germany,
•ted Cl yeart.
KTWHOUBE— In Napa. November 38. 1901,
Merit* Newnoute. busbar.d of Dorethea New-
house, father of Mrs. Dolorez Juarez. Mrs.
Louis Einstein and Tiilie. Oscar. Alphoni<e
and L»-o NewhouH, and brother of Mm.
I>a.vid Meyer and Mrs. Jonas Meyer, aced
71 yean 9 months and 2« days.
KTMAN-In this city. November 20. 1301. Eda
Marie. lnXant daughter of Captain Andrew
and Marie Nyman, a native of San Fraa-
<-i»co.
PLATT— In Oakland, at 1212 Seventh street.
Nomr.bn' 2S. liflL Grace A., daughter of
Edwin and Ida Platt. a native cf Minnesota.
c*?d 2 years t months and 28 days.
ROUNDS— In the City and County Hospital,
November 80, l»a. George C. Roaad».
RTAN— la Berkeley. November 30. 1901, Mary
A., beloved wife of the late Lieutenant Wil-
liam Rran of Company C. Ninety-ninth Regl-
nj«nt. New York volunteers, mother of Wil-
liam A. Ryan, and sister of Charles McEvoy
and Mrs. Sarah H. Lears. a native of New
York City, ared 75 yean and « months.
SCHINKEL— In this city. November 29, 1901.
at her residence. 800 Potrero avenue, corner
Twentieth. Dora, dearly beloved wife of
Otto Brhlnkel. and devoted stepmother of
Otto Jr.. Henry. John and Hermann fichln-
k*l and Mr*. Fr*d Ttoode. * native of Eutln.
Holstein, Oermany. seed 4€ years - and 1
month. A member of Ban Francisco. Frauen
Vereln. Norddeuuwher Frauen Vereln and fit.
Markus Frauen Vereln.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
<f?unday). at 2 o'clock, from fit- Marku* O«r-
man Ei-aiur«»llcal Lutheran Church. O'Far-
rell ntreet. between Franklin and Oonrh. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
SULLIVAN— In tWs city. November 3D, 1901,
at h!s residence. Z22 Minna street. Michael,
beioved bu«band of Hanna Sullivan, and
t*rotrer of Timothy «n<l John Pulllvan. Mr*.
Uirrsm rtyan of Philadelphia. Mrs. Mary
I* nol ue of Nebraska and the late . K«t«i'.
KulMven. a native of Kenrr.are, County Kerry,
Ireland. «g-*d M yeare.
VfVlER— In tfclK city. November 29. 1901.
IxjuIf. beloved son of A. Maurice Vlvler, and
liroth-r of Msreuerlte, Robert. Ralph and the
l»iie Harold Vlvler. a native of France, aged
If w-t.r* and 10 months.
WEIK8 — In this city. Novembec SO, iwn. Infant
•OB of Frank J. and Margaret E. Welts, and
brother of n!lzsbei!i A-. RlchaM L.. Frank
J. Jr. and Robert K. Well*, a «atlve of San
rranc|»<-o. a«r«-«l 3 day*.
CTTuneral to-day (Sunday), at 1 o'clock.
Interment rrlvate. . - ' -
«tfianahan Florist Co.
ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable.
107 POWELL ST.*c«ELLlS 2T£ 505G
Longest Gravel Tunnel.
Th* Colfax Sentinel says that a bond
ha* rw*n rlc«ed by Salt Lake people for
tho Spanish quartz ledge at Forest Hill.
Th« French company at the- Red Point
mine is working at a distance -of- -more
than thrr-e and a half miles from the
mouth of the tunnel, -which is more than
. 'AIM feet long, the longest drift gravel
I 'unnel In the world. The mill at the
l^ Washington quartz mine near Forest Hill
Is running steadily. Tunnel* have been
run to the distance nf 1409 feet and five
drifts have been «D£ned. The . report fa
contradicted that the Ralston Divide Comr
pany %l\\ abandon Us mine.
REALTY PRICES
FOR ONE WEEK
Eligible Corners Are In
Demand by Shrewd
Purchasers.
Owners Arrange to Erect
Costly Structures on
Holdings.
A definite idea of values in the open
market may be gained from the prices
obtained in a series of sales made
through the agency of A. J. Rich &■ Co.
in the last week. The northwest corner
of Sixth and Howard streets was sold by
these brokers for $112,000, the. land hav
ing 112:0 feet on Howard street. 72 feet
on Sixth street, with an L of 18x137:6
feet, the improvements consisting of a
five-story building. The southeast cor
ner of Bush and Kearny streets, having
23:6 feet on Kearny and 68:9 feet on
Bush, was sold to J. E. Adams for $50.
000. On the site Mr. Adams will erect a
six-story building to *cost WfiOQ, having
an elevator on the Bush-street side.
The same brokers sold 75x80 feet on the
west line of Seventh street, 25 feet south
from Mission, with a four-story frame
building containing stores, the property
of the Greenberg estate, for about $10,
000. E. W. Crellln was the purchaser of
35x100 feet on the east line of Van Ness
avenue, Just north from Pacific street.
The price is not given, but the Informa
tion is supplied that Mr. Crellln will erect
upon the lot a colonial ' residence, which
will make the investment amount to $30,
000. Tbe northwest corner of Larkln and
Chestnut streets was sold. The name of
the purchaser Is not supplied by the
brokers. The announcement is made
that a brownstone residence will be
placed on the corner, and the total Invest
ment will be about $25,000.
Rich & Co. have also sold the south
west comer of Polk and Union streets,
50x75 feet, upon which five flats and a
store will be erected. Through their
agency a cottage on the west line of Tre
mont avenue, south from Frederick
street, has been sold to Catherine Funge
for $3600.
Other Sales Effected. *
Benjamin M. Gunn & -Co. have sold to
David and Angus McKay for the Pacific
States Telephone and Telegraph Com
pany the northwest corner of Sacramento
and Leidesdorff streets, 40x60 feet, for
$21,000. A four-story building will J be
erected on the site. The same brokers
have sold the northeast corner of Post
and Larkln streets. €6:9x100 feet, for $42.
000; a four-story building on Sutter street,
near Keary, for $56,250, and a lot 57:6x
100 feet on the east line of Laguna street,
50 feet south from Vallejo, with three
fiats thereon, for $17,500.
Through the agency of Wright & Ewell
Henry Fiege has purchased two lots on
the east line of San Jose avenue, be
tween Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth
streets, one of which belonged to Mrs. D.
M. Klumpke and the other to H. S.
Brickcll. The lots are 130x90 feet. Mr.
Flege will erect flats.
Thomas Magee & Sons have sold the
southwest corner of Bush street and
Clara lane to Joseph G. and Edmund O-
Deming for Mrs. W. H. . H. Hart. The
price Is $56,000. A few weeks ago the
same property was bought by Mrs. Hart
for $54,000.
David Busb & Son have sold the fol
lowing' properties:
For tbe James H. Goodman Company, ■ Bank
of Napa, to John Piper of San Francisco, 123
acres. Including a bearing vineyard of 20 acres.
In Napa County, between Rutherford and St.
Helena, for 110,000; tn connection with Wooster.
Whltton & Montgomery, for C. P. Bradford,
to the Santa Clara Valley Land Company, nine
acres and villa home of Mr. Llvcrmore, on the
corner of Clifton avenue and Braodway, Oak
land, for $30,000.
Bovee, Toy & Sonntag report the sale of
a stock and grain ranch of 462 acres sit
uated eight miles west from Marysvllle,
for R. B. Dibble to George R. Jackson, for
$12,500; also 25S acres of meadow land In
Modoc County for J. W. Childs to G. V.
Bullard for $7500.
Important Deeds Becorded.
The deeds recording the transfer of the
north corner of Third and Jessie streets
from Benjamin Romalne to Leon Kauff
man and from Samuel R. Crooks to Leon
Kauffman hare been placed on record.
The price mentioned in the deeds is
$133,000.
James TV*, and Mary Smith have moit
gaged the property on the west line of
Howard street, 87:6 feet south from Six
teenth, to Mendel P. Mendel for $25,000.
Leon Kauffman has borrowed $100,009
from Winfleld 8. Jones and James Otis,
trustees of the "estate of A. C. Whltcomb,
on the north corner of Jessie and Third
street*.
The Probate Court has confirmed the
sale of the following' properties of the
estate of Joan N. O. Hunter to Madge H,
Fish at the prices herewith named:
Fouth line of Pine street. 10 feet east from
Bel4en place. 40x57:4, S27.GO0; northwest corner
of Harlan place and Grant avenue. 132.000;
south liw of Bush street. 28 feet west from
Grant avenue, 28x63 feet, $8400; north line of
Geary street, 87:8 feet east from Larkln, 50x
137:6 feet, $22,500; north line of Pott street. 24S:9
feet wext from Jones. 26:3xU7:< feet. $12,000;
north line of Eddy street. 112:6 feet east from
Hyde. 25xll7:< feet. 114.000; also from the same
eatate to James Flannery. property on the
northeast line of Third street, 23 feet southeast
from Folsom, for 117,600.
Buildings Projected.
The De Young building, to stand on tho
south of Union Square, on Geary street
between Stockton and Powell, will cost
on tbe basis of contracts recorded about
$61,000. . - :;-. ■:■ . ■
A two-story and basement building, to
contain flats, will be built by Mary A.
Donahue on the north line of Fell street,
137:6 feet east from Devlsadero, to cost
about $4800. . ; .-.. " ..
Samuel Glass has contracted for the
building of a three-story frame structure
on Btanyan street, 125 feet north from
Frederick, to cost $7500.
A two-story frame building will be
placed by Gardiner Perry Pond on the
north line of Green street, 77 feet east
from Stelner, the cost of which will be
$1300. •.■ ■,/■•• .-.:•; . . . ..
Under the contract plans and specifica
tions filed, the foundations of the Crocker
Hotel building on the northwest corner
of Powell and Geary streets must be com
pleted In eighty days.
The entire lot, 62:6x137:6, on the south
line of Eddy street, 75 feet east from Ma
son, being nearly opposite • the Tlvoll
Opera-house, will be covered by a fine
apartment house, on plans by Fred H
Meyer. The property Is owned by George
11. Luchsinger, Mrs. A. L. Summerhayes,
Mrs. A. L. Goodrich and Mrs. Rose A.
Buckingham.
Timothy J. Sheehan will erect a three-
Ktory and basement frame structure on
the caat.llne of Baker street, 110 feet north
from Halght street, which will cost $8500.
J. C. Mason will build a $25,000 residence
on ihr: southwest corner of Spruce, and
Washington streets. ' ' ". * ,
Three flats .to be built foq» Mrs. Mary
Dale on the east line of Flllmore street,
south Trom Hayes, will cost $9600.
Robert L. Crooks will build a residence
on the south line of Clay street, near
Spruce. . j . .
Auction Uarket.
Next Tuesday, Easton, Eldrldge &. Co.
will auction real estate at their office, and
will offer the following properties for
sale: • '
Realty of the Solomon Heydenfeldt estate.
consisting of the E0-vara and Improvements on
tbe east corner of Eighth and Howard streets,
and the lot M)x75 feet, with buildings; at 146 to
150 Fifth street: a lot 23:5x52*6. with cottage,
on tbe south side of California street, 123:9 2-3
west of First avenue; lot. 25x«3, with flats,' at
1W. 104 and IW',4 Tehama street; guardianship
THE SAN rRANCISCO; CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 1, 1901.
CAR SHORTAGE
CAUSES TROUBLE
California Oil Men Find
More Barriera to
Progress.
Beaumont Gushers Begin to
Show Signs of Di- I
xninishing. v
The shortage of the tank cars In which
to market the output of California wells
continues, and there is grumbling all
along the line. There are rumors that the
curs of the Union Tank Line will be
taken from the coast service and re
turned to the East. The newspapers pub
lished near the oil lields say that there
is no indication of any relief in sight.
U he situation In California is unique.
The general drift of testimony is to the
effect that the flow of the Beaumont
gushers is diminishing:. The prices for
the Texas product are very low, and the
demoralization of the Texas oil men U
worse than that of the producers of Cali
fornia. Oil from Beaumont is sold in
large quantities for 10 cents per barrel,
and lots have been sold as low as 2Vi
cents per barrel. A combination has been
formed, according to report, to acquire
all the Spindleton properties. Some time
ago it was impossible to get land upon
which to drill a well for less than $20,000.
Recently a sale was made for $$000. ,
The Bakerstlcld Calif ornian says:
Several of the operators of the Kern country
are looking toward the Wyoming and other in
terior oil fields with longing eyes and many
have exDressed their Intention of visiting the
new fields. A well-known man, who has re
ceived letters direct Irom Fossil, stated to-day
that there is no possible chance for money to
be made in that field excepting through stocks,
and this is v very uncertain, us the local con
sumption cannot be suftlclent to warrant any
great boom from this source. The lands have
been taken up for miles surrounding the strike
by corporations similar to the Clark syndicate,
and there is said to be absolutely no opportu
nity such as Is usually found In a new min
eral strike. - ■ .
Much has been said of the fields In relation
to their future. If oil Is struck in quantities,
how can it be handled consistently? It has no
outlet other than through the railroads, and
the rates of transportation are said to be ex
orbitant and the extent of the strikes have
not been determined. These questions, which
are being freely discussed by oil men, are
causing them to think twice before leaving
their interests in the California fields for tbe
uncertainties of another.
Beady to Operate.
The spur of the Sunset Railroad to the
refinery at Sunset City has been com
pleted and the people at that place are
looking for more lively times.
Three companies in Colusa County
claim to have struck oil. These are the
Colusa County Oil Company, which re
ports its find to the Arbucklo Indepen
dent, and the Orr & Mercale and Corning
OH and Gas companies. The amount of
oil is still indefinite. The Corning Com
pany's well Is reported down 2000 feet.
A picture of the conditions under which
marketing of oil In the Kern River dis
trict is proceeding, in the absence of any
working combination, is derived from the
following:, which appears in the Bakers
field Calif ornian: • .
All development work on the holdings of the
Minnehoha Oli Company will be stopped until
the oil marketing problem Is settled and the
car shortage is adjusted. Mr. Durkee Is one of
the operators who Is not willing to produce oil
and sell It to the Standard at fifteen cent*,
with a reduction of two and a half cents per
barrel for water and sand.
* Work at Tejunga.
The Los Angeles Herald reports that
there are now three companies operating
in the Tejunga country. It says:
The Tejunga Oil Company bat a 'well down
350 feet, the Denver Oil Company has drilled to
a depth of MO feet and the Russian Oil Com
pany, operating on ti, 3-14, has attained a
depth of 1000 feet with the well It has been
drilling.
The oil that has been - obtained • In small
quantities Is a rich, light •green oil, similar
In character to that being produced In Pico
Canyon. It is contended that these three com
panies are operating on the main lode, which
runs from Newhall up Into the mountains, and
as the expert who located the wells being
drilled was the same who laid out those At
Pico Canyon It may be ■ that this- will prove
correct. The Bard .Oil Company, with' which
Senator Bard Is ldentlfled,- hold* 1200 acres, and
the Pacific Coast Oil Company also has a large
holding, and In addition to these are a num
ber of ether companies of lesser Importance.
UNIVERSITY CADETS
' .. WILL BE REVIEWED
Ceremonial Affair at Berkeley to Be
Followed Later by Reception
and Ball.
Colonel George William Bauer, com
mander of the Alumni Commissioned Offi
cers' Association of the University of
California, will review the regiment of
University Cadets at Berkeley to-morrow
morning at 11 o'clock. The ceremonies
will consist of a review and parade. The
comander of the association, which Is
composed of the retired officers of the
University Cadets, reviews the regiment
twice a year and forwards a report of tho
condition of the organization to Benjamin
Ide Wheeler, president of the university.
The following named staff officers will
accompany the colonel on tbe ceremonial
visit:
Lieutenant 0. H. Murphy, . Major Perclval
Dolman. Major W. A. Brewer. Captains J. W.
8. Butler. William Jurgena. F. A. Denlclce. H.
I, Bweyle. It. J,. Logan. T. R. Kelly R. C.
Dantela and P. Rlley and- Lieutenant* J. A.
McOee, J. D. Hatch and J. Gallagher
From the report of Lieutenant Colonel
M. P. Ma;is, U. S. A., Inspector general
of the Department of California, the fol
lowing Is taken in relation to the Alumni
Commissioned Officers' Association: <
I was present at -a banquet given* by the
Alumni Association of the Cadet Officers of
tbe University of California, who are commis
sioned by the Governor of the State as offlceri
Of the National Guard, and was . Impresned by
tbe deep and Intelligent Interest and progres
sive spirit shown by Its members, as well as
their pride and love for their alma mater.
They are evidently/ endeavoring* and desirous
In every way to encourage tha spirit of mili
tary Instruction, and will doubtless accom
plish, much to that end. .
The association will give a reception and
military. ball In Golden Gate Hall on the
night of February 7, next. The commit
tee in charge will endeavor to make that
affair the swellest military function given
In this city In years.
Quick "Work With Burglar.
Frank Wilson, who was caught early
yesterday, morning In A. Lubeck's jew
elry store, 4. Sixth street, with eighteen
watches in his -pockets by Policeman'Fon
tana, appeared before Judge Conlan yes
terday on the charge of burglary. ■ He
wanted to plead guilty, but after hearing
the testimony of the arresting officer and
Jeweler the Judge held him to answer be
fore the Superior Court In $2000 bonds. 'He
refused to admit that Frank Wilson was
his true name.
property at 55 to 57 Boardman place, near Bry
ant street; lot 23x137:6, with 7-room house, at
831 Halght street: lot 25x75, and. two flats, at
49 Rltch street; Mission business property and
Park Lane Tract lots. ,, ' . , r , •
The San Francisco" Architectural Club
has opened rooms at 14 McAllister street
for the use of the club. . . , ,
The remainder of the Piper 1 estate prop
erties will be auctioned by G. H. Umb&en
& Co. on December 16.
i Archibald' C. ; Gunter, the playwright,
has purchased a half-interest in the prop
erty at the northwest corner of Front
and Jackson streets for $17,600. The lot
is 45:10x137:6. , , • . ...
A company, capitalized at $1,000,000 has
been Incorporated at . Los Angeles to de
velop a tract of between 400 and 600 acres
at Hollywood. ■ .
The Los Angeles 'papers report 'that
there Is a building boom that extends
throughout Southern California.
The Delaware Hotel In Los Angeles, on
Broadway near Sixth street, has been sold
by Harry Gray ,to H. T. Kendall for $80,
000.: The lot is 60x125 feet. .One hundred
acres bounded, by Vermont avenue J and
Hoover, Ninth and Pico streets, Los An
geles, brought $123,000." r
NOME GRAFT ARCTIC SWINGS INTO
BARK EDMOND ROSTAND IN FOG
No Lives Are Lost and Neither Vessel Is Seriously Damaged, but
the Rostand May Go on the Drydock for'an Overhauling—Ship
Santa; Clara Is Picked Up in the: Mist and Towed Into Port
FOG on. the bay was "as thick as
mush" yesterday and last even-
Ins It was almost Impossible to
see a boat's length. • '
The steam schooner "Arctic ran
down the French bark Edmond Rostand
Jn the early morning hours, while the En
clnal and Albatross came together in the
fog. Many a vessel had a narrow escape
and the fog signals were blown In all di
rections, from Hunters Point to the Mer
chants' Exchange outlook station at Point
Lobos. ., j
During the day the ferry-boat Tiburon
had. to make a second attempt at her first
landing. The Enclnal was nearly half an
hour reaching her slip, and the Piedmont
had a similar experience.
■■ The Oakland and the San Rafael came
very near colliding when they reached
this city at 5 o'clock in the evening. Each
boat missed her slip, one going too high
and the other too low.
The Klmball Steamship Company's Arc
tic arrived from Nome and way ports
early In the morning. On her way down
the coast she stopped at Astoria, and
after leaving the Columbia River wa»
caught in the southeaster and had a very
rough experience. Making port in the fog,
Captain. Erickson decided that it was bet
ter to come to an anchor. The Arctic
was accordingly hove to and the anchor
dropped. When she swung with the tide,
however, she was right under the quarter
of the French bark Edmond Rostand.v The
latter was raked and the Arctic suffered
considerably about her upper works and
rigging, but apart from that she Is as
sound as a dollar. The Rostand may have
to be sent to the drydock for an overhaul
ing. . • '
During the midday hours the fog lifted
and ferry boats and tugs had a chance
to save steam. That Is. they did not have
to blow a warning blast every minute.
At 5 p. m. the mist settled down again,
however, and hardly a ferry boat on the
regular run made time. The broad gauge
boats made the narrow gauge slip and the
Tiburon boat' made Sausallto, while Cap
tain McKenzle, for the first time In his
life, went on the wrong side of Alcatrar.
STEALS GASOLINE LAUNCH.
Harry Baldwin. Accused of Taking
Small Vessel.
A man who gives his name as Harry
Baldwin is wanted at the Harbor police
station on a charge of .grand larceny. He
is accused of stealing a gasoline launch,
but his friends deny every accusation.
It was only two weeks agouhat Baldwin
left here as Goodrich, but landed in
Stockton under, his original name. . Un
dV that cognomen he traveled the county
over and finally made arrangements with
Hugh McDade td purchase the gasoline
launch Gazelle. The boat happened to
be on the Mokelumne River. In charge of
George Peters. It was a long way there
from Stockton, but Baldwin succeeded In
making the journey and also secured
possession of the launch. Since then he
has been having a splendid time on the
river, and many a riverside Inn regrets
his call.
McDade has been chasing the launch
by telephone and telegraph ever since
she disappeared, but to-day was the first
occasion on which he got any trace of
her. The Gazello Is on the water front,
but ber owner will. have to Identify her.
Towed Into Port.
The Alaska Packers' Association's
Bantn Clara was towed into port yester-'
day by the steam schooner Iaqua. The
latter vessel -was on her •way down the
coast and heard the fog signals from the
ship. The latter was anxious to make
port, as she had the last of the season's
catch— 48,368 cases. and 142 barrels— aboard
and vessels In the bay were waiting for
the consignments. In consequence Cap
tain Llndburg was more than anxious
to make port. Not a towboat could .be
Been In the offing, and when the Iaqua
came' along it did not take long to make
a bargain over the price of a tow. The
Santa Clara came In without any trouble
and 1 docked at the company's wharf be
fore even ' the agents knew she was In
port. ji
The Santa Clara made m quick run down
the coast and was off the lightship on
November 27. She was driven off in tho
southeaster and only made Bollnas yes
terday morning. .
Derelict Skiff Picked Up..
Guisseppo Bozzard, a Portuguese fish
erman, found a flat-bottomed red skiff
In the oecan a short distance south of
the Cliff House and towed it to the foot
of Union street, where the skiff awaits
its owner. There was nothing about the
craft by which It could be ldentlfled.
Water Front Notes.
The smokestack lost by the tug Sea
Klnf while towing the ship Pegasus dur-
Inglhe recent gale wns recovered yester
day \by divers* The stack went to the
bottom of tho .bay and men had to go
down 'and recover It.
Martin L. Welch of the Harbor Hospi
tal and Miss Fannie Huwe were married
Thanksgiving evening. The happy couplo
are spending their honeymoon In Salinas.
The Argyll will be due from Panama
to-morrow morning, and the Nippon
Maru from the : Orient to-morrow night.
NEWS OE THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants. . /
■The British ship British Isles was. cleared
yesterday for Queenstown' for orders with
79,028 ctls wheat, valued at 884,200, and 80,000
ft lumber as dunnage, valued at $460. ,...-..:
A General Cargo for Liverpool.
The British ship Balasore was cleared yes
terday for Liverpool with 67S ■ cs canned fruit
for Glasgow, Scotland, valued at 81725, and a'
general cargo for Liverpool, valued at 1205,605,
consisting of the following:
10,043 cs canned fruit,- 26,915 cs canned sal
mon, 100 cr honey, 34,667 ctls barley, 31,795 ctls
wheat and 19,000 ft lumber as dunnage.
An Additional Manifest.
■In. addition to cargo previously reported the
itcamcr Palena, which sailed Friday for Val
paraiso and ; way ports, carried '.the following
cargo for Mexico, valued at $3168. : --
148 cs canned fruit, 76 pkgs groceries arid' pro
visions. 720 lbs . codfish, 1464 'lbs ham . and
bacon. 10 cs ginger ale, 30 cs fish oil, 1157 lbs
raisins, 9 pkg-s machinery, 1960 lbs rice, 18 cs
salmon, 1375 lbs bread, 1C38 lbs dried fruit.
16,648 lbft blueitone, 80 crs potatoes and onions,
10 bbls flour, 490 lbs tea, (2 gals wine, 7 colls
rope. : .■.': ■'. ■ • / " . ; -V : .•.,-:-:"
Merchandise for Tahiti.
The steamer Australia, which sailed Friday
for. Tahiti, carried a general cargo valued at
$36,73«, exclusive of two shipments of Chilean
dollars, valued at $3468. The cargo included
the following; merchandise and produce: ;
42,006 lbs bread. 252 ctls barley, 82 pkfs beer.
9515 lbs bran, 7828 lbs beans, 1201 lbs butter,
51 cm bicycles and sundries, 123 cs coal oli; 85
ca canned roods, 21S lbs chee*e, 8350 lbs coffee,
135. lbs dried fruit, 102 pkgs dry. goods, 24 pkgs
drugs, 1766 bbls flour, 229 pkgs fruit and vege
tables, 104 pkgs furniture, 808 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 195 pkgs hardware, 6 cs har
ness, 139 bdls steel and Iron, 1980 lbs lard, 6
ca liquors, 1S.947 ft 4241 pkics lumber, 4 pkgs
machinery, 39 pkgs mill work.- 606 lbs nuts, 45
crs potatoes | and s onions, 1 28 pkgs paints and
oils, 37 pkgs paste, 86,660 lbs rice, 801 lbs rolled
barley, 121 colls rope, 76 cs soap, 181 cs r 47
pkgs salmon, 23 ca shoes, 1165 lbs salt, 6253 lbs
sugar, 14 bales twine, 400 lbs tea, 44 pkgs
wagon material, 80 ctls wheat, 13,622 gals win".
Sun,' Moon and Tide.
United (States Coast and Qcodetlo Survey-,
Tlm«s ■ and Half hts • of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE-The high and low water* occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
SUNDAY, DECEMBER 1.
Sun rises ..}..... ..7:07
Sun sets .......'. 4:50
Moon rises 11:08 p. m.
Time. Time; Tlmo Time *j -
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. — — Ft.
HW LW H W _ L W
SO .. 8:80 S.2 8:24 S.O 2:20 6.4 9:08-0.8
1 .. 4:21 S.3 9:43 2.9 3:30 4.8 -9:59 0.3
3 .. 5:10 6.4 11:04 3.6 4:44 4.3 10:51 0.8
3 ... 6:56 6.6 12:19 2.1 6:04 4.0 11:46 1.3
4 .. 6:46 6.6 1:20 1.7 7:20 3.9
-LW HW LWHW
5 .. 0:41 1.6 7:80 6.7 2:10 1.1 . S:30 4.0
8... 1:28 2.0 8:10 5.8 2:65 0.7 9:30 4.0
7 ... 2:10 2.3 8:47 6.9 3:38 0.3 10:25 4.1
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
band column and tbe successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to tha soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then tbe number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. Tbe plane of reference is tbe mean of
the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. Due. ,
Arcata '. Coos Bay & Pt. Or ford Dec. 1
Edith Seattle Dec. 1
Tellus Oyster ' Harbor Dec. 1
Iaqua Humboldt .'. Dec. I
Santa Barbara San Pedro Dec. 1
Columbia Portland & Artoria..... Dec. 1
Pomona Humboldt Dec. I
State of. Cal... San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 1
Newburg Redondo Dec. i
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma .... Dec. 2
J. S. Klmball.. Seattle & Tacoma Dec. 3
Argyll New York via Panama Dec. 2
Sequoia Portland Dec. 2
Mlnoola Nanalmo Dec. 2
Pleiades Seattle « Dec. 3
Eureka Eureka Dec. S
Coronado Grays Harbor Dec. S
Chile Valparaiso A Way Pts. Dec. 3
Nippon Maru.. China and Japan Dec. S
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports Dec. 3
Matteawan.... Tacoma Dec. 3
San Pedro Humboldt Dec. 4
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Dec. 4
ProgreHo. 8eattle I... Dec. 4
Asuncion Tacoma Dec.' 5
Acapulco Panama A Way Ports. Dec. 5
W. H. Kruger. Tillamook Bay Dec. S
Rainier Seattle via N. Whatcm Dec. 5
Santa Rosa.... San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 5
Corona Newport & Way Port! Dec. S
Point Arena... Point Arena Dec. 5
5> V »J"-; V Wlllapa Harbor Dec. 6
G. W. Elder... Portland & Astoria Dec. C
Mindalay Coqullle River Dec. 7
North Fork.... Humboldt .\ Dec. 7
City of Puebla. Puset Sound Ports Dec. 8
£«"•••• China & Japan Dec. 10
Columbia Portland & Astoria .... Dec. 11
Pomona Humboldt Dec. U
Alameda Honolulu Dec. 11
J TO 8AIL. ~~
StcamO. Destination. Sails. Pier.
December 1.
Santa Ana... Seattle ft Tacoraa.. 10 am Pier 2
North Fork.. Humboldt I am Pier 2
Santa Rosa.. San Diego A Way. 9 am Pier 11
December 2.
Empire Coos Bay 9 am Pier 13
Arcata........ Coos B. A Pt. Orfd 4 pm Pier U
Totmes Hamburg A Way.. 13 m Pier t?
Despatch Seattle & Falrhavn 6 pm Pier II
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports. II am Pier »
December 3.
Pomona...... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier I
Newburg..... Grays Harbor S pm Pier 2
Doric China A Japan..... 1 pm PMSS
December 4. .
Sequoia....... Grays Harbor S pm Pier 1
State of Cal.. San Diego A Way 9 am Pier U
Columbia Astoria A Portland 11 am pter 24
December B. .
Eureka Humboldt t am Pier 13
Sierra Sydney A Way 10 am Pier 7
December 0.
J. S. Klmball Seattle A Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 3
Alliance Portland * Cooa B Pier IS
December 7.
Point Area*.; Point Arena..:...:. I pm Pier I
Corona • Newport * Way... • am Pier 11
San Pedro.,.. Humboldt 2 pm Pltr 2
UmatllU Puget Sound Ports U am Pier t
Curacao Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
Chile Valparaiso A Way. 12 m Pier 10
Coronado Grays Harbor .... 6 pm Pier 3
'December 8.
Rival Wlllapa Harbor ... 5 pm Pier 3
W. Kruger... Tillamook Bay Pier —
I December O.
O. W. Elder..' Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
City Sydney.. Panama & Way.... 1 pm PMSS
Rainier Reattle A N. What. 5 pm Pier 2
Argyll N. Y. via Panama 2 pm Pier 10
FROM SEATTLE. "^ '■ "
Steamer. From. Due.
! City of Topeka Sksguay * Way Ports. Dee. 1
Al-Kl Skagway * Way Ports. Dec. 2
City of Seattle Skaguay * Way Ports. Deo. 4
Dlrlfo Skairway A Way Ports. Dec. 4
Bertha Valdez A Kodlak Deo. 10
Eil Thompson. Skagway A Way Ports. Dec. 15
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlo Office, U. 8. N., Mtr
cbants' Kxchange, San Francisco., Cal.
November 30. U01.
The Tim* Ball on tha tower of the Ferry
building- waa dropped exactly at noon to-day.
I. •., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at a
p. m., Greenwich mean time. <
W. H. STANDLKT,
Ututtnant, U. 8. Navy. In Charge.
Shipping Intelligence.
:■■'■■-:/.■■■■: :~.r ARRIVED. ../.;_:..<.;■ ; :
. : . *'•;; ;. ; V- ;:.':■■ Saturday. November ».
Stmr Arctic. Erickson. 4H days from As
toria. ....
8tmr Creaccnt City, . Payne. 60 hours from
Crescent City. • •■• ■. ■ . .
stmr Brunswick. Anderson, 21 hours from
Eureka; bound south; put In to ship a crew -
Stmr Signal, Bendcgard, 6 days from Port
land. ' ■' ■■■ ■...■■ ■
' Htmr laaua, Gunderion, 22 hours from Eu
reka. ■ , • .." .•■•.' 4
Bunr <3eo Loomls, Brldjcett, 14 hours from
8hlp Santa Clara, Llndberf, JJ days' from
Schr Newark, Crancle, 40 hours trom Little
River, .-. ■■•'•..■■■..■*
-;.- , --■..■;■ £(;••. CLEARED. - ; ; :\
•: -'. ■• • ." " '■ ■-"■- • . Saturday, November 10.
Santa Rosa. Alexander, 8an Diego;
Ooodall, Perkins • Co, - .
Br ship Balsore, Lloyd, Liverpool: G W Mc-
Br 'ship British Isles, Banders, Queenstown;
Epplnger * Co. . . -. .--.
:-: ■ . •-■"•i- .:-.;■ •• BAILED.. \. • ■ •-••:■ .-}'■ - ;
■ '■■'* ■ ' ' ' • " •■'■.' -V •■ - : Saturday, November 10.
Stmr Point Arena, Hanitn, Mendocioo.
Stmr Washtenaw, Parker, Tacoma, - :
. 8tmr Corona. Glelow, San Pedro. • . . :'
.Stmr. Eureka. Jessen, Eureka. ■■ v :'.-'-■'■■■ '
8tmr Santa Ana, Strand. Seattle. : ; !;V
• Btmr Ruth, Anflndsen, — '-. ■■■■ ■ .' '■?■■*' •:■' ; " :
Bchr Jennie Wand,' Chrlstensea, ■——,•. \. V
Schr M&ksoutoff, Gale, Manila.. ;,. : ."■■.-.:'■
-.•■ -.'■■''' ■'. '•spoken.. '•■■.••■• -,'V;-.- ■:.■•*•.
No date, lat 41 N. Ion 13 W—Fr bark Mar
guerite Dellfus. from Fleetwood. for San Fran
cisco." ..• -v . ■■- •■.. . .-...
■ Nov 5, lat I S, 'Ion' 31 W— Br ship Laomene,
from Antwerp, for Port Los Angeles: ■ ,
No date, lat 16 8, Ion 34 W-Oer bark See
fahrer, from Antwerp, for San Francisco. ■
• TELEGRAPHIC.-.
. POINT LOBOS,. Nov ao. 10 p m — Weather
thick; wind calm. ■- •-.-.-
DOMESTIC PORTS. ' ;
ASTORIA— Arrived Nov SO—Stmr Blmore,
from Tillamook; stmr Chlco, hence Nov 27;
■chr Wing and Wing, towed in by U 8 stmr
Manianita, short of provisions.' ,
Sailed Nov SO— Stmr Sequoia, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Lakme, for San Francisco; Br ship
Ley land Brothers, (or Queenstown; Ger ship
Nesta, for < Queenstown: Nor stmr Horda, for
Manila: .Br stmr Lanxbanfc, '.- f or St Vincent.
Latter reported outside leaking; tugs will stood
by until morning. •'. • ' • |
EUREKA— Arrived Nov SO— Stmr, Homer,
hence Nov 29; stmr San Pedro, hence Nov 29;
Br bark Abcrysth with Castle, < from Sydney.
'. Sailed Nov 80— Stmr Pomona, for- San Fran*.
Cisco; schr Falcon, for San Pedro. ■•■ - ■ ■
;COOS BAY— Arrived Nov 30— Schr Ivy, from
SAN; DIEGO— Sailed Nov SOA&us stmr Marie,
for Nanalmo; Br bark Formosa, for San Fran
clsco.'Vv'-f ■■■'■-••■■■ ■■. • ' ". ■ ;" t-"- ' ■'-' . ■■"■ .■■
Sailed Nov. SO— Br bark .Sierra Blanca, for
San Francisco. • ■• : •■• . .
SEATTLE— Sailed Nov SO— Stmr Progreso.
for 8an Francisco. .■> - 1 \ --. .
NEAH BAY— Passed outward 1 Nov SO— Ship J
B Brown, for Sydney. ' i ■ .
TACOMA— Arrived Nov 80— Br^stmr almost*;
from Hongkong; . stmr Asuncion, from San
Francisco. -•' •".-".-■ - - ! ■ •. i ■ .■'..-;, ■> .
Sailed Nov SO— Br ship Garsdale, for Qutens
t0 pORTL AND-Salled Nov ' SO-Schr I Joseph
Russ, for Honolulu; stmr Indrapura, for Hong-
VORX X*Oa ANGELES-BaUed Nov SO-Btmr
San Mateo. for Nanalmo; star Santa Rosa, for
San Francisco.
Arrived Nov 5(0— Stmr Santa Rosa, from San
Diego.
TOWNSEND-Paased in Nov 30-Stmr
Glenogle, from- Hongkong, for Tacoma.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Nov 30— Schr Corona,
for Ballard; stmr Aberdeen, for San Francisco;
stmr Santa Barbara, for San Francisco; schr
Maweema, for Grays Harbor; schr A M Bax
ter, for Ballard.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Nov 23-Stmr
Grace Dollar, for . San Francisco. Nov 20—
Schr Ltllebonne. for San Francisco; schr Sailor
Boy, for San Francisco.
-Arrived Nov 30-Schr Lettltla. from San
Pedro; schr Halcyon, hence Nov 20; schr
James A Garneld, hence Nov M. -
8OUTH BEND— Sailed Nov 80-Schr Advent,
for San Francisco.
Arrived Nov 20— Stmr Rival, hence Nov 27.
EASTERN PORT.
t NEW TORK— Arrived Nov »-Br stmr Cum
bal, from Guayaquil.
FOREIGN PORTS.
..CAIXAO— Arrived Nov 25-Nor ship Mar
pesla, from Quebec. *
SHIELDS— Arrived Nov 27— Br stmr Kalsow.
from Tacoma. . . ■ •
FALMOUTH— Arrived Nov 29-Br bark Mo
zambique, from Tacoma. . •
HONGKONG— Arrived Nov 27— Br stmr Em
press of Japan, from Vancouver. Nov 29—
Stmr City of Peking, hence Oct 81.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Arrived Nov 18-Br ship
Agnes Oswald, from Sydney.
MANILA— Balled— Dutch stmr Wllhelmlna.
for Tacoma. Nov 15— Dutch stmr Folmlna. for
Vancouver, via Java.
MAZATLAN-Salled Nov U-Ger bark See
stern, for Oregon. Nov 29— Stmr Acapulco, for
San Francisco. .
NEWCASTLE. Aus-Salled Nov 28— Br ship
Puritan, for Manila.
ACAPULCO— Arrived Nov 29— Stmr Newport,
hence Nov 18. Nov M— Br bark Anderinha,
from Newcastle, Aus.
NANAIMO— Sailed Nov 30-Stmr American,
for San Francisco. '.
AUCKLAND— Sailed Nov 30-Stmr Sonoma,
for San Francisco. ' • ••
SANTA ROSALIA— Sailed Nov 29— Schr Vol
unteer, for Wlllapa Harbor.
SWANSEA— Sailed Nov JO— Fr bark Salute
Anne, for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA — Sailed Nov 28 — Br stmt
Oopack. for Seattle.
i MURORAN— Ballad Nov 27— Br stmr Oceano,
for Port TownsendT
HAMBURG— Sailed Nov 28— Ger bark Ata-
Ianta. for Santa Rosalia.
VALPARAISO— Sailed Nov 28— Br bark Don
na Francises, for Oregon.
.. OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW TORK— Arrived Nov 30-Stmr Minne
apolis, from London.
Sailed Nov 30— Stmr Buenos Ayrean. for
Glasgow; stmr Campania, for Liverpool; stmr
Graf Waldersee," for Hamburg, via Plymouth;
atmr Trave, for Genoa; stmr Ryndam, for
Rotterdam; stmr Astoria, for Glasgow; stmr
Menomlnee. for London.
Arrived Dec 1— Stmr Umbrla, from Liver
pool and Queenstown. 1
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to Nov 30— Stmr
Gaelic, from San Francisco, via Honolulu, for
Hongkcn;. ■
Sailed Nov SO— Stmr Claverlng. for Tacoma.
ST VINCENT— Arrived prior to Nov SO-Stmr
Glamorganshire, from Portland. Or, via Coro
nel. etc, for Hull.
GLASGOW— Arrived Nov SO— Stmr Pomeran
ian, from Montreal.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Nov SO— Stmr Bovlc.
from New York.
Balled Nov 30-Stmr Lucanla, for New York.
ANTWERP-Salled Nov SO-Sttar Southwark,
for New York.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Nov SO-Stmr St Paul.
<rom Southampton, for New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Nov SO-Stmr Etru
rta, from New York, for Liverpool. --
HOTEL ABRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL. *
W G Reed. Davlsville T T Greaves tc w, Cal
H L Haehl. Stanford H D Lazelle. Vallejo
G W Edwards. Stanfrd W. O Pealer, Duluth
C C Cunningham. Cal K H Plate. San Jose
T B Reardon. Cal K Klrkman. Oakland
J McCabe. New York F R Devlin. Vallejo
T O Hobby. McCloud E H Vance & w, Oakld
W H Huntley. Seattle Miss E 8 Vance. Oakld
Dr J J Tully. Stockton J Rush &. w. R Vista
W J Jones, . Tacoma H E Grlmmensten. Cal
C W Joynt, Seattle C A Vance, Stockton
E A Forbes. - Marysvll O A Gait. San Leandro
Capt Johnston A w.BC Mrs M Baechtel. Kites
W D TUlotson & w.Cal Miss E Baechtel. Nlles
R C Wilson. Cal O O Stroop, Chicago
V H Grans & w, Cal R E Hutchlnson & w,
Dr A II Sweeney,. Cal Fresno
Miss J H Crelghton.Cal T Laxell. Michigan
A J Helnemann. Stnfd W K Maden A w. Cal
K J Roy. Sta Barbara W J Ray. Stockton
Mrs C H Gray. S Rota W 8 Budges. San Jos*
V Goodwin. Santa Rosa P Heywood. Stanford
J H O'Connor, S Crus O R Porter. San Fern
Mrs J S La Baree. Cal O H Glide ft w. Sarto
Miss J H La Baree. Cal E W Howard. SnMateo
J W Walker. Sta Crus F S Whltwell. Boston
O de W Westcott, Iowa P Hewlett. N'apa
C M Tabler * w. Cal M E Holmes, San Jose
J Smith. Auburn Mrs E A Seelye. Mass
W Lawaon. Alvarado Miss Seelye. Masa
C H Shullngbarger. Ill Miss R Gulltenan, Cal
E B Stone A w. Cal C F Weber, Oakland
H W Meek & w. Cal C E Anthony & w. Cal
E K Alexander. L Ang Mr A Mrs Johns. Cal
Mrs F W Knowles. Cal E W McGraw. Oakland
Miss H Buckley. 8 Joan E R Rowland. Oakland
Mrs J W Rlddl*. Cal Miss K McGraw. Oakld
W H Cavell, Cal Miss S McGraw. Oakld
■ F Sullivan. Los Ang Miss K Rowland. Oakld
J F Bchllnrman & w, T B Hutchlns. Berkely
Mill Valley F H McConnell. Berkly
. RUSS HOUSE. .
E M Malten. 8 Rafael T F McDonald * w.
C H Crow.. Cal New York
F Garrison. Bausallto. A W Smith & w. Cal
O A Paull, San Jose P M Anderson. Rerk'.y
T T Gilbert, St Louis G A Morgan. S Rafael
O H Nlckerson, Fresno A McForney. S Rafael
G N Brown, Georgetwn Mr McCorniack, S Rafl
O W Brown. Jackson A R Gurr. Merced
J F Handlay. Denver M Schuler. Merced
Mrs Rose. Newark A L Richards. Illinois
Miss Roxe. Newark Mrs A Zlegler & I cn.
B Tilton, Healdsburg White Oaks
G F Morgan A w, Al- Mrs C Leon. N Ilarap
bany n W Oxman & w. Cal
Mips E Morgan, Albny D A Townaend. Tcxa*
D Morgan, Albany R Jones, Houston
R B Harvey. R Bluff W C Barnard. Mill Val
Miss A J Drlscoll. Cal C H House. Mill Vally
U Embody. Hanford W Knapp, Chicago
C W duett A w. N Y L Worrell. Chicago
J M Campbell. Chgo J Curl. Chicago
T G Roxbury & w. Ill Mrs . O . M McConnell,
S C Roxbury. Illinois Seattle
R C Roxbury. Illinois Mr * Mrs Sines. NT
L Li Wallace. Nevada J H Dlxon. Rocton
E 8 Gilbert. Chicago J H Dlxon Jr. Boston
Mrs Gilbert. Chicago A Smith & w. Boston
E W Elliott & w. Chgo
PALACE HOTEI*
D Goodsteln. Spokane R D Meyer. Stanford
U Schilling. Cal K W Brown & w. Cal
h M DlUraan, Chicago Mlra Barrett. Stanford
L M Conn A w, Omaha E Gueclln A w, Mexico
J W Geleglles. Reddng W H Hanson A w. Cal
Mrs O Harvey; Gait ! J B Eames. Cal
Miss Harvey. Gadt A A Curtis A w,- Cal
0 Myers, 'NY I :M Taylor. K "i* •
F W de Van, NY . KM Green. Toledo
W T: 4i-..Vin A w, F F Short. Fresno.
Waihlniton. DC H T Barrett. NY
C A Hughes .A w, Seatl M N Gerhard. N T
J C Bannister. • L An* It H Dana, Alameda
1 O Waterman, Cal .. Mrs R M Cutts. Cal
J W GUlesple, N Y- iP S Noble. Ogden -
R Marston A w, Eng- W E Miles A w. Oakld
land I
, NEW WESTERN HOTEU
J W Davis, Victoria W Sheldon. NT
Mrs M Schmlts. 8 Crus F Stayner. Victoria
L Schlacht. Cat - Mrs B Theodore. N T
J Jones, San Jose ' C J Rheln, Sac to
O F Bacon. Duncans J de Roca, Berkeley
J Qutnn, Alaska J 8 Lewln. Vacavllle
H Sanders, Los Ang T C Grlf fln. Mare laid
W H Burton, NT FL Horning. Cal
J T, Galloway. NT R Allman, Cal ■
A Lawrence, NT H Hope. Reno
H P Whlttemore, N T J L Lewis. Indiana
EUMMA.GE SALE IN ATP
.OF FOUNDLINGS' HOME
Donations, by Charitable People Are
Sold to Swell the Building
. .. , : ■• Fund.' • .
The directors of the Foundlings' . Home.
at 913 Golden Gate avenue, began a rum
mago eale'of-odds and ends in the Inter
ests of that Institution at 631 Fourth street
yesterday. The sale Is in charge of Miss
A. N. Pugh, matron of the home, and Mrs.
H. B. Goodwin. '
The proceeds . of the sale will be de
voted.to the purchase of a new home. The
fund for that purpose is not very large,
and as new quarters is an absolute ne
cessity,' every expedient Is being resorted
to in order to swell the fund... The rum
mage sale was decided upon.' The result
was numerous donations of clothing* of
every description and odds and ends from
benevolent people. The sale began at
noon, . and after that hour the crowds
of buyers i were enormous. The articles
are first, class, and are being sold at the
lowest figures. . ... "
The sale will continue till Wednesday or
Thursday. Residents who are interested
In charitable ' work . are requested to do
nate articles for' the sale. .
The men who succeed are those who ar
rive promptly on time.. -\.
CABLE TO TAKE
COPPER SURPLUS
Coast Producers Greatly
-Interested in New
Enterprise.
Discoveries of Good Promise
Are Reported on the.
Mother Lode.
An authority, summing up the copper
situation, finds that the copper exports
from the United States during the first
ten months of the present year were 137,
083,000 pounds smaller than for the cor
responding period tn 1900. In fact they
have been smaller this year than at any
corresponding period in five years. Eng
lish 'copper consumption has been 8,796.480
pounds less for the described period than
It was last year for the same month*.
England has been getting - more copper
this year from Chile, Mexico, Peru and
Japan than it received from those sources
last year. The combined consumption of
the countries of Europe shows a falling
off for the year 1301. The American Min
ing News says: - ]
It is a fact that England has Imported less
copper from all sources from - January 1 to
November 1 this year than It did between
these dates last year. In only one respect does
English trade In copper show an Increase this
year, and that la In the exports from that
country. For the first nine months of 1301
these exports made a total of S9.578 tons, as
against 54,633 tons in the same period In IOool
The Imports of copper Into England during the
first nine months of this year were 110,433 tons,
so that It Is seen that England re-exports fully
as much copper as It consumes, and this branca
of the English capper trade continues to b*
an Important . factor. . ' . . . *
England and South Wales received during the
first ten months of this year 108,473 tons at
copper, of which only 17,078 tons were from the
United States. Australia sent 1S.3T0 tons, or
within 108 tons as much as this country; Japan.
6107 tons: Mexico. 6S83 tons; Spain. 20,189 tona;
Peru, 7S71 tons; Cape of Good Hope. 7724 tons,
and Chile. 19,537 tons. The Imports Into Eng
land and South Wales from this country this
year have decreased 10,433 tons, while those
from Chile have Increased 3468 tons. * Other
Increases were from Japan, Australia" Peru
and Cape of Good Hope. English Imports of
copper from Spain show a decrease of 1403 tons.
The figures show Imports of copper Into Eng
lish ports from countries other than the United
States of 13,719 tons more than the total Ameri
can copper exports for the first ten months of
this year.
Cable Will Lessen Surplus.
It is of interest to note in this connec
tion that the new cable to cross the Pa
cine Ocean, which will place San Fran-
Cisco in touch with the Far East, Is ex
pected to take up alone half of the pres
ent surplus copper of the United MeUUs
Selling Company. There will be a local
demand for copper. In which the miners
of California are particularly concerned.
The Yreka Journal says that very rich
quartz prospects have been found in Sis
kiyou County In Portuguese Gulch, a
tributary of Humbug Creek on Yreka
Flata. The quartz is in small pockets and
a continuous ledge haa been discovered.
Jesse Grant is superintending the work
on the quartz ledge at the Myers place at
Greenhorn Gulch. A mill Is about ready
to work there. According to the Randa
burg Miner the Barstow mill has resumed
operations and has ore In sight to keep
it running for some time. The Phoenix
mine has ordered a stamp mill which will
soon be running. The Phoenix is near
Johannesburg.
Two groups of copper claims In the
Waldo district, on Hauch Mountain, have
according to the Oregon Mining Journal
been bonded to R. B. Whlteslde of Du
luth. Minn., for J100.000. Whlteside i*as
two shifts of men at work developing the
property. The owners *ro Dr. J. Spence
and Cass Brothers. The Continental Cop
per mine in Myrtle Creek district has
been sold to Seattle parties.
Minerals for Schools.
The following has been Issued from th«
State Mining Bureau:
Mineralogist Anbury Is seeking to eneourag*
the study of mineralogy In the advanced
grades of the public schools of the State, and
with this end In view haa opened correspond
ence with a number of our educators In an
endeavor to promote a more general knowl
edge of the mineral products of California. As
a means of a, practical education on thts sub
ject he Is making a number of collections of,
the common minerals and ores, and after they
have been properly labeled h« will forward
them to the various high schools In this Stats
where they have manifested an Interest In this
study. Already many collections have been
donated from duplicate samples on hand. Th»
only charges made for these collections are for
transportation. '
The San Diego Union publishes a story
that immense deposits of Iron have been
discovered In Mexico, near Todos Santos
Bay. ■ ,
The preliminary -work necessary for all
winter mining, so says the Scott Valley
Advance, has been about concluded In
Slsklyou County and the miners are wait
ing for water. Work on the dredger at
Callahan Is progressing very satisfactor
ily. There is water enough for many of
the placer mines to resume at once. A
ledge has been discovered about one mile
from Etna, which has been located by
E. J. Plckel and M. J. Cummlngs.
Charles Rasberry has discovered an as
bestos mine not far from Angels Camp.
Calaveras County, about seven miles east
from Copperopolis, on the old Rawhide
ferry road. • '
The Redding Free Press says that the
Liberty group of copper claims, west from
Copley, Shasta County, baa been bonded
to St. Louis parties for a large sum.
The Mother Lode Banner reports that
the Eagle-Shawmut mine has resumed op
erations: that water is now supplied to>
the Dead Horse. Free Lance and other
mines on the same line as the Shawmut
and that a good body of ore haa been
discovered by tbe Mohican Mining Com
pany near the mouth of the North Fork
of the Tuolumne River.
The Redding Searchlight says that s
smelter may be put up at the Donkey
mine in the Furnacevllle district. Shasta
County, near the Afterthought property.
A bond was recently taken on the prop
erty for S. D- Morgan of Oakland. Ha
says that he ' thinks of establishing a
smelter, the capacity to be a forty to fifty
°The Amador Record says that what
promises to be one of the richest pros
pects ever discovered In Amador County
has just been uncovered on the Orr ranch,
north of the town of Plymouth, Crop
pings 200 feet long have been brought to
view, Taryteal In width from SH to « feet,
in the bed of Indian Creek, with a pay
shoot that Is very rich In free gold. : .
Half a dozen claims of gold and copper
have been located In Sonora. Northern
Mexico, by the Sierra Madre Mining Com
pany, which has an office in this. city.
According to the reports sent out tha
Providentla copper mine is very rich. Tha
Los Amlgos gold mine, owned by the same
company, and reported to be rich. Is In
the same country. This is an ancient mine
that wsa abandoned by the Spaniards
many years ago and has been relocated.
Railroads are projected to develop tha
country, which was long held back by th«
hostility of the Yaqul Indians. ■ '
P. E. Bailey, field assistant of the Stats
Mining Bureau, la In Death Valley, and
has besrun to Investigate into the extent
of the deposits of nitrates and- borax In
that section. A mineral map and regis
ter cf itake County will be published by
the State Mlneraloarist this month. Maps
and registers of El Dorado, Inyo and
Amador counties will soon be prepared.
The Marlposa Gazette says: . ... ■
The Washington mine at Hornltos .was
opened 1400 feet on the Incline and Is situated
1000 feet above the tea level, therefore the
mine was say 250 lower than San Francisco
Bay. Princeton mine Is now 1350 fset deep and
Is situated 2000 feet above sea level and there
fore must be now about as deep aa tha top of
the Washington mine. So Princeton must be
sunk about 1250 feet deeper to reach the Sam*
depth as tbe first I above named . mine, com
pared to the sea level. The lowest workings
In Hltea Cove are now about 1700 feet above
sea level and . la nevertheless above th« crass
roots of HI ten Cove. Mount Raymond's lead
and stiver mines are the highest mines oper
ated In the county, being about (000 feet above*
sea level. The McFarland mine above Raael
Green Is about th« same altitude. It being a .
* old mine. Tbe lower* wln» Tn th« county Is
the Coo* mine below Hornltos. The Copper j
Belt In White Hock varies from 750 to ISO
feet above sea level. Some day . when many
mines have been developed It may b« of Inter
est tn know such facts as these and to know .
the. history nf the shoots and grade of values/
at varying depths. „■.. - * . . ..
The Inspiration of oxygen has permitted
aeronauts to ascend to heights where
their lives would have been unsafe had
they depended alone on the thin air of
these high regions.. , The oxygen
is breathed in through a tube held\t» Urn
mouth. . ■ ■
4748
Bio; Fluffy Comforts $i.oo. '^^^Ws^, d!Fj@&®<am \ , C^a *^^FjJk, ffl ****$ '^ en ' 5 Holiday
ig/^g cotton-wool tufted-silkoliite covered. ' m 7 <^^^^jGqwS^^ ".- OOOQsZ^ 1 ldnUKCrUHC15
How they did go last week! We sold more of them to folks used to paying $1.25 and $1.50. In fact we. never heard of pure v^Sfe^^Sl^^Klk^' I - -JapneUe silk initial, 8 l /i3. ' ' -Ml linen, 25c: box for $150.
fclnchCtheiricfb.v se]hns "»*« U not > OW " We |^ not "^ ■ , ~^^ Za^t IGX^boxfor $1.00. -Silk, Tiands^Jy initialed, 50c.
The same reason brines you— . _ ' . ■ . . . . '- i ,.; . . ll" 1 \f-^ffl$S&\ y Ti \^ mMf J iHtf '■ .■'■■''■ -\i '■: X ''■■(' ■' "' '-■■'' ' It's handkerchief time and Hale's is one big handkerchief store. The
■•..•■■■"/• Wamciltfa QhAAtc RIp^rhpH ' ' ; ' * • • ' V^>^p^^»MJ^ /W%!i^Jir*^ *-,& /n- ■ ■ stocks are better and more broadly assorted than heretofore. We
Y¥ allJdUiLa VIICCIS UlvaVUVU - . . ._ ■ A wy*&» n^Sm n^kx Yi&tiffl Y0$ftl I asWrT*^ .-. W^fl*^ can't think of a single handkerchief need that we can't quickly meet.
At tha price of Sheotlniz by the yard. .'' s£0y /Air Jf&dll ly-SkHf' ■ -^^* 1 J >J^-* • s -SR 1 '. 'laSsfBy i 1 ."¥^Mfl||k but of course to do it one should not wait till the last week. It's dif-
It's a sheetinc that pays us to self, for we don't have to ask you more for it than jfidlftil' * lAfaXJr JOy JU. Ml JJ. ~l "K JafiTjEfr. I ' t |K Kh ..„ ->, /stFrbSl/faSsIir ficult even in a stffck as big as this to keep a variety of initial
you'd pay for the cheap kind; then it pays you to buy it. for it's full of hard, long 3g[m^^^i-JM^^WF8m TT TTf IV ! iT 'FpvM-I .^•4 > r'^HH9W^I|pK^«3^^k^^P^ handkerchiefs up till the last minute.
fCCViCCaS Hlmmer OUCa " ECl - Hemstitched. ®^^^^IK ' ft tt S I2?Hn5?^^-»S-ff^' V ' HOlid ri y .^fo P P e ,r E derS '
SSS JS£::::::::::::::::::::::;SSS KS2 SS:::::::::::Si:£ ffiTTOf^p'roY JM-*lli1 lililiillllHlll refViW) 1^^^^ what «» roo think of moreWopmtt for a man than » pair
T«jc each .-.T'xw jnehee jme each., Tix9| inche. r'"' '* '' '* \- ' \k=^h r^-—'^^=^^r=^^[r^—-Mn^^i . Jr "\ C^ j"^" , of suspenders? And the prettier they are the better he will like
H;'^ each:::::::::::::::::::::::^ inch" ■ •i^ a each;:.v.'.v.'.v::::::.v::9ox99 IScheS f "g=— — ' -A* '.-'. ' ' ' '•■' ' 'j^nni=n f lir=j f in^srin'^Tl^ :^"*'J/ /-^ a r\i '.iMur"/ ■• them. That's why we've been so thorough in getting this fine stock
#1.00 each poxios inches »i.io each ooxios inches ' ' «i "^""I^I ll 1 1 I 1 tP ' .feL ifa I 1 t^l c^J \ "3 "3 "3 4i - — ~~^^ together. - The variety is broad v enough to suit the most exacting
These sheets are all finished with a 3-inch hem. ; v : - 1 .' J .' J J I - -• • |p == y =j^ J r^1^p l | ' »* "".^ =aJ J J J J - •--^-.--. taste. Each pair comes put up neatly in a box, and if they have sil-
6000 I5C Pillow Cases at 12>^C. • • ?,:. "In II '/W f m> ?rffiSfe- V""^^"^ 13 3 3 3 111? ; ver buckles we engrave them free of charge.
4£r3C Inch and made from a fine soft muslin. This Is the result . y\. " ' I *~ I ' 9 * '«5-'^* "•*•'•'- 4 "' 3 >?i2P» I" WT^jrTTTW t " — • ~ . '. '■•■ ■ -JWen'R' SlTlOkill^ JfllCkCtS S-4-.95.
•f seme bie burins lately. We ra»s our advantage ov«r to you. /fS< _-,-_. '< ( J sn-dLftyP'r' "'' liV- ! >K?rl--V I r H « . n ) . < - I»S.CI1.O "OUlunillg www^^v'cy trt»»
''i.lh White R'unMc «Q (if» 'V/W /^^f>v Jiflt /^i^^ 3 -^^^^ 7^ 1^^'^^-^"- : V "i-^^^'%^.3v'^'<>^ <>*^^--^ * . In plain tricots in navy, seal and wine, handsome plaid lining. *J
lEf-hous* u?e. t , fJ^(&'i J Si«^^ r^ v »^ —^T » N> . /a *C- }/^~ i? • {$(*&/** PsJ'tS^ <kx. J* (rv^« : Po : V-v^*-r--C^3»v^ J^?"-******^ ' ' touch or color in the collar, cuffs
__. _ y^^^^/'M^^T^^ 150 -^—- T"" 5'v<f%^7 y £s^2g>£7 / \ r 3^^ S%S^*~ '^^^^^•^%^ !F *^^^^^- ■' • ••' and P° ckct ' that makes . them very
>fiV CpIlnlnM dolls go so fast Qi£&j~£M\ nght ™ d tempting) are preparing for an overflow meet- \ -^ "^ ™"- 1 f^# iTxcept/W \ <^^^^5\
W?1IUIO1U V ©v Hai to tele- (g^^^yk in & on th e second floor. . Vli^ -An Ideal Time. Xw^LjT Offeringsin
X NS&*vi New shapes. i@^ r V A for™- \ 98$ \\r What does it all mean ? '•*.' ,--'*', QcA %& Can any one keep 0 U \Vl5^^
.^Si-;; mlj,s«** U-J S':^«a^SliS|Si i Sii ®> »■ ■ ■ «ir,rE SsSfa Hdkfe - r^K '
•think it belonged to the celluloid family. ; .; , xv>C«P^ THINGS HERE NO ONE ElSe "has here. SO MANY ■ UlOV6S» ■ t
Perhaps the most coveted of them all The Big Jm?^ V L - " ' " ~ " . V& Wish we could do this all the time. Now is the time to get your money's-
.SLriS«- Dcs, fi n DOII Party | If^t^im^l^jli^ ' J-t off buying your handlcer-
—as beautiful in color as any the writer ON THIKD FIXJOB this week affords thc P ncc that are ours— and they are yours OI AV^^> but twice a year. ; . chiefs till last tlung, like many of you
has seen this season. a splendid opportunity for vou to see ~^/ S AS Thl<5 .Stinninrt I ioi- liwils^ fS^fe It's such a good glove-so stylish and °! d T st }' e J r - ,, You 11 ff . fin f (1 somc one
v X r^ tle oS-"- l?*;-*?^ eov "' mln the different kinds of dolls "that have g) V -:^A , , " LlSt IndlCatCS. ®fcv w well madc-thaf we are accepting «!»« has token the pretuest one^
yJLkSie%? »i^m n nVVhade O f red been born in the last year. It's the ¥J M> is ( Girls' Tricycles S4.00. ' Boys' Coasters 82.00 (M!M less profits (and so is the maker) in to X J. e « toSJ^nd^a^ J« C^SS
w^^/o^^^S^^f^fiK^i greatest family reunion we ever saw. J /^ .rS nC^,aP k hee in a S S d f nd nl ce^ OU^ « a ? d WRS® *'** m^h a° o.r^dofl?r *"" " and^t^te w2uld?t h^vf^ften
W^?Si^^^^fS2U M SS«^ , A ' 2 '? 4 ? v ?°" le . S , an^^u,—- ° th " «"* * A « ™ « 2 ~ch - ,^ny -that we are not K oin e to rest
mirrcr in bark of cm ver. fitted complete. (According to Wednesdays census.) JrY 7ot ' . The 40-inch ones «, the <S-inch hnfrPmi colon a« ta». mode, brown, black and pray, till everybody knows it.
.Work Dox. #1. us- Barrel shape, full eel- And not one of them a vear old Of all ' \Jrs velocipedes ?1. 75. ones |i. • K ir« a heavy German lambskin Kiov«, beauti- Yes the orices are lower here and"
La^c/^r— kte - WlUl -™ la nationa^^-SressTd or'pardy dressed Wji-fL Ir&^gieJTalJ'SnS ?ThSf. ' D ° 11 Bedstead 40c ' /<T7S; 1 *«" " d ther"'but yffilw^nt £ ThandkeJchiet
Sh ,", v^* : s<>t *^ S^5~ In f V acr "^oe^Ph «»- —dollies that walk or sleep or sit up-^- ' j£%& W seat. Other sizes $2 r 25 $3 ud to » Of 8teel v enameled In red or blue /\ / AVft . + A »«,« K aik..^. in- m o™ ° n account of their quality than
SSSTi^a som c of them so real they've «ot our V Trieyefe $££."&£. $ «& h t^^T 0,0^^^°^ pa,ea. Sff^f^}^ 1}^^^
o 50. m. nair. so* with On»pt iron hnr i..i.»r c ii>r» - t- bed 9xlS lnchi»< *•.-.-• * >v!5i^*«^ K^ Extra larxe s tnis season than last. As we buy more.
1^ Se^h C m? Better ask. Goine to miss '■ • whecls ™"rSf Tnd^diaiJJ: Tov Piann 2 «o wf\/J^ * n llv£^ makers are willing to concede more!
.nfi^^ora&iwM «S razcr - bru8h them? Read these six SPECIAL OF- %A. • • ™rk8 like a tricycle. Just the thing f ifta " 2 u 5c ' • \CX^i^» uH""^^"^^! =«««««»- There are six of us-placin* one order
Collar and cuff no*. 4»«-or imitation FEBS and then see if you can keep " : ■' Ji! y8 ' with »hc kcv« and whlte * namel - StTSyZZfc*. AiiowXai-m. liJW-Uw' iqun —that brings another concession.
Coliafr r£ff ' «« h Ji s iK?i.Stl r a K d . n <r ae i 1« lnch^. and worth according to ordinary i^ P^ and bon bons. 10c dozen to Me each, minps. steel axles and metal wheels. ftPV. \A r\\l A rk<XT W 5 I 1^ Ofisl \/ Z^ I r^-rf"
Co «^S« B^. H ?it d &S5Sff£ - /SfeL Orchestrion or Music Box 98c. A very Pretty cart. llOIlQay *511KS 3110 V 61 VcIS.
heafi or. cover, in red ceUuioid. fancy mho- \;*li oointcd Uoils »8c. Ira«5e85=fc <H Inches by 8 Inches, painted and Toy Engines 49c. J^^^S^tfTX
nrTAV^.a rJlx" L m-Z II ,Z^^ rt^- ~ '^' * nd Str ' Ped - Dairy Sets 19c J^LVsJ" hieh a " d -"-nteed CoIorcd Satin * 50c « d 75c ' ' " Roma " SIIk SI -°°-
•i-oUrt Due. *i.25-Con.i,un S of bru^ Dressed Dolls98c v»»,.roi V 7 .^ . to be perfect. \^^ VS^f\ In new and .fancy colors: quUe th© These new Boman stripes are fashion's
cornbana French plate mirror, in sattn-Uned. That go to sleep have lonr curl». have a \^ss^?A§l Natural wood; the regular 15c sets. r-t Steamboats 7Se . \ «^\ thing for art use; beautiful lustrous fin- latest dream. Colors are soft and dell-
Toffet^f*^ f0 2* lue - »»rg« variety of dieses. Sheep Folds 49c. 15 Inches lon<r hr»« \,r>n*r < ,k /^&5 EVTHv lshed - standard made cloth. 19 and U cate: make beautiful waists, 20 Inches
Ta S^A U JS^^\SPlSLSSri Kid Body DoIIh SI.25. \t^\ / Vlth 10 -oo.yshcop. shepherd and eawKeel^SSnfed'" b °' ler '" th ° i^f 73^ lnches wlde ' and 73c ' w L d v % J t °"Lm all" " e CCrtalnly here ''
n*-**** w something new Oa . a 2 b.^ h^ sleepln, eyes, sewe, V^ \> U^Mg,^ Washln? MachInM J|% VelveU $1.00. j/pane^ SL 25c and 50c
Toilet and Manicure Set. S2.0O— Six SI Ti Dolls !«• is I 1» II _ \\ 9&F ■ « t»«ii /»-v yt« One of the new thlnea thla «..,«„ VvA ■ ' ■ The best shades, and we have got «»i"»««- «..™^ --.^ u >. u ~.w«.
13^^ J^^&" Rattan bor^^nche^ong, stee, nTaV.-ex^mode^VHS f^V =S^ XVifi? K thrpS^^lffi^^wf^tSiJS
T °^^aJ;"t.^aS^liL f1 -^ le^ch Dolls 81.49. r^^^M ,n wa^r.a/the^lcUsKwsTr" S^S^ ' - are Included. Inches wide 50c. 27 inches wide r-c
car«. fitted complete with AX quality flt- Flw wl». moving ej-^n. shoe, and •tockln«t. ' f^ / oo1 C^"tS lOc. 75c Stoves for 49c. mSwP^ Rlflrk <slirflh nnH Ppflii df» mik<! -
ciV' •>... . Finely made body. Containing 6 pieces. . Of ra«t imn «i^v-i « i u - - - i9tfC\£&k. 9«<? DI3CK OUran anil rcaU lie OOIC O11K5,
*»!<»<• and HanJkrrclilff Dox. Kl.tto —————— ift^<5iSB^8&»S'*f Others at 25c 43c nnrt nn »« «-« t , ' l , 1ron - nickel flnfjih. oxTxa. A& *W33t\ J ° * • ...... ~. • - -
imitat on oijuioid. d-corat-d and v t, . 1 ff' !r aild UI i* 0 $ -°- Iror » kettles, etc., go with it. Tffll^© We are proud of our black silks. They are just as true xn every way as
ltnr<l with m-'.n. U rCinSlU/'ZGn-i' . j/^TAMf '■ iaDie drOOUet 23C.' TJTarrX*. T» — *__ »i no «*R '■- *V,»,. mm K» •
Clove and Handkerchief Dm SI US— /"• If 1 * J rVT %A. m B •dCai " L>^r g . - . , . JXiag^IC J-.anterns $1.38. X9 ■ tncy can DC.
Fun edioiou tcp. nU a lined. *in rWy CeilUlOlO INOVeltieS. « . othera I at <^ 9Sc $1 n P The popular square shape. Note ,^^-^v The Surahs have a very soft finish, The Peau de Sola is a 24-lnch cloth, ex-
C'^V^n^r^h.ef „„,. w.25 In a broad variety, all hand-painted; Battledore and Shuttlecock 49c Ru^Mon^oo^ V.Tnd H$& ll V0%M heavy double warp especially adapted Acwrdln^tc^the «and-
**•-»" ack <*'lu'^<». wtth •mbowed «»-er. make beautiiul presents. WS^^VK. Two rackets, arrows and celluloid 'Hdes. /T/sM&A for reefers-25 Inches wide. 7oc: 22 our large buying and mastery of mar-
-f§"||g«C;:: GI %^ fort1ind^r« «^p """Hi:::. W% $w Dress Goods Values. %■
Phonw * 25c. 35c r 50c and as liieh as $2.50. W"^ Fancy shape, has colored pictures 15H-lnch size, with good utrlnn and W-* • W *^ * w
•■ A V . - Of course we don't need to tell you - ain»>« « A^. ' * • - , bow. Others at 25c. ana • W ... TOO<JOO(I tO PaSS.
lOllet PieCeS. £ c £™ now to . KCt the pre » iest jcanasp^^^Mnnea. cc m . on-S "S^r cap ; n contm^ 1 : TriCk ,, BOX , 29C - ■■■ : '^ -$1.*5 Cheviot. 75* -50c Coverts 32c
Bnire j«r. ss^ta,,. with, !boni«M cover KlDDOnS. - Kaleidoscopes 10c. Crokinole Boards 75c. P -36-inch Like- Satin Lining for 25c k
«***. .^r-o-cgL tfcM fc -■ Hosts of Xew Things for HolU S?b%S n u? deC ° ratCd tia ' bl^.T^^^^^^fw^ " Toy Furniture Set 35c.: ), : Good worthy stuffs riRht ; th mi^ of the season under their worth.
*^jf^ HSffl ? - Iron Wagon, 90c. ' K»r^«ilSSi* SSt^lSferertfe^O^
ffl&^'W) back " Iarce s!z " Ribbon beauty and brichtness now at Painted., neatly striped and varnished: >^» more elaborate. 9Sc. .,.:.,; Christmas wter^thrtb n^ B ' fte 5 ' or^
ffl&^W Hh« riro.b, 4K C > its height. That means a good deal at Iron axles and steel wheels. M».$l«. I1W. Fire Sets 08c. The ?1.25 Cheviots at , oc_ 5 o The ZiDelines at 45c-Is a fancy ,
fitfS M rt , ff"^ Ci ., Mounted on card., containing tongs. inches wide, all wool -and shrunk. doth, «^ays tans, brojms. Wuej
iipy J ***X?) nra " cioe^S ! but the prettiest and softest ribbons. '■"* Hnrd wood, pnintod and varnished. shovel, duster, brush and bellows. E ' There is nothing better for rairiy- and greens 37 nches wide. Plenty;
Bfc'$ l v£U=^ ;. Vi '!!."'. "T' i Women have so many ribbon whims ::■'.§:■■. ? ■ jr~r m ± m - - - -_i - __ ' : •-"-■■•-'v :-""' : :/ - ■ day ' skirts or costumes. Marine. J.il?^! pil^hi. for 8 l^e_T«
1 Silk and Flannel ;Waist^ii^^^--- - 1S9S|t« '
Wi VTriggS Mirror. 35« - Pl.t, comf '^ c - . .;■.; . ;. , -; : .-. , •. ,,, .-..;.. w * T w**^»^^f # inches wide, come in all the K ood The Like-Satin Lining 25c_,6 inches
SST^^S^UlS T,>d-TndJ2u?£toS?- W8 T > ' staple colors. It's one of the favorite wide: comes in 32 colors as well a,
fi ,. r K% £ m e ore h acccD r tabTe^f f thc C tvinJ U SSiM the do^room .S^iSSiKS ™l! J^P h ' S f 6 b^"^^e've got to-day from im to Jtfafc. I^rtr 0^ ChrMmas Presents in th*"
V%& 53. A new e"? " A " lfUl one e.^in the dtv'can touch!" !° f..^ ° f >OU k "° W "' we've values now no C-~>>> A **^- C-U^^I
"Se^^^r^: P^rt^^S^^Inl^rcst Lon f^^^^*«;» 5 >^37.r;0^ n silk.l|»20.75 captures their purse as well. It's tailored and finished F" rCC Art ptUUUl.
2£^ir??S.1 -wfthou ctar™e ' ° " -*? S^f SS^^^c^rSSd'iSS L" S hCi<?lit ? f the S «! ylC ' madC fr< T .%■ bca " tiful ' T h« f art booths on thc 2d fl °° r are thc busiest SpOtS in the StOfC and th<^
m^B 9P 3 ® r" n?,;?" 41 ?- ln Wha^ ■»»«*» loose 5 Shtlv shaned a "? r "ni?" 'teB? " cw ff ta il? . a . nd cast0 «. completely lined with are gating busier every day as the *ood news of free lessons reaches more ears.
pth^rirhiT 7 o^iV "fcfrtr »■»». a»c-4« mch#s wide. Witb sleeves; the turn-back cuffs; the slashed pockets: and tum-back cuffs; tailor stitched all around . . •■■• • is anoth-r attraction. Thi*. is «uch pieuant
dmgStfm< »o? d ph yt°V^ ;,; h* bcst of a11 ' thc gayirokc - makc ■■^ e ™ A '»"'«» s;ta,iors tItchedan •^.,.^ Shoestring Novelti?s m^«Y r^riSS.-'^.^SSSifiJ
SftArWUefSS .iiTSSnSa.^ffi?.iS3B^ ft20?OO ri &^aarter'C^to'forS12 7'. O,, . Short Coats 95.00 to ?24.75_Within that ran e e is 'coii«^.r»- . in. M w,n. fin ch.tei.m. &•» '- Sotb.nri»'i that nn*: - " acbln8
t^>.-' fd* rtsht on the eds-e of USei 7 "I^th- fawrttV^rV^rorti fibfi. " t',, xn "e-«uarter coats for 1J» 12.. 5_0thers up to p. every style coat, box or closc-fittin K , velvet trimmed ■«"".■ .re' lined in *n^ k coior. The laee. coma i Paper Novelties.
e . .. ror the neck, a ,ood value, w,. h ave^ _ $^ 7 : and stitched in every conceivable way. ; , ;; ; K&^^^^tS^n^^S Cor»™J*™Z*™™i^*.«*«i
— — — ... i rlUt tne cniel interest Centers in tllOSC waists we Started tO tell yOU about. : 7 ;\. * .' .: • <*■ wn ite-*.itln ltnins-fa' Stanford* bas). Then kinds of flowers. It is an Interesting art. Mrs.
■■Hw % a ■ • ■""* « •* • «-<k. ; •< ' • * • .'" :. -. . . rpf , *t\ « v r • . <f» -- -.- : ;^.- r; .■..,•.•■..- there, Is. another., blue with gold lining . la Sumner has "all she can do to teach alt th»
Belts,* Buckles Beltinsr * ■ > . THe-$5.oo w \\^ists^.^^
a Thrice !mDortantchflnJr.fn^w« men ' % E^ LI ? LY Tucked . and He^ • . Free Embroidery Lessons
The ooou'ar l2k tithThe m«*t h Ch °. PtC r f ?r Women, . th. ? They have new collars new slccvcs-hncd Every color-black, old rose, royal, red, light blue. pink. Rreen; Are bein* taken .dr.nt.K.-.f by of women. If &« .« not prondenTm thi. work a.
me j>opu.ar oeit with tne.jnost becoming buckle is a very important ad- white — and every size — and they re just as good as they look * : — • * ■ » ■ you miitht h*. we want you to join some of the ciasnes. The teacher nives you an hour and a
junct to a woman s outfit. Women arc getting to be particular on flicse little . A word or two of somc others: / ' : i~c^^ y^}^^S'^^^^^ •• - \ alt a v«?, y «««M JorVbu? « '.w,' £iZ i°~~!? v * found out wh ** yoa
■^t-s^Myi^ 1 sto^oV &w s £j WM3S- S^v^S I **? v ?kcd " k " tockcd " leevc> i HSi^iiiSSii *&£&**£?*£ noss Pillows. . v
The BuCkleS- Si.OO-Satln tucked b^lt,.. broad stitched on -back and front: new collar and,c U ff... ... ' ; v^e has «llk straps,, worsted O n „,, Mond.y at this unuwal pr.ee. „, 3^ L n ch...:..ag .
l^^iiM iiiilStiil ' so»a.Pinow 8 , compietersi.^
pom. oxWizod or jr-wei*<j. • c "»cr SATIN BEADED BELTS-With the ; All-wool flannel, soft collar; bishop sleeves; tucked down the front with six clusters of three rows of tucks in each- what a »P le n dld present they would 4" *
NEW GIRDLE BUCKLES— 2% to 4 vory latest broad girdle effects, fin- two clusters down the back. Black, helio, red. blue and royal . :-.■■. -•,-*. " make, but of course you want to be care- . 1 Silk floss pillow 50c
Inches 1 lonjr. In srold «tcH. oxidized or I"™? 1 w ' th 1*} b «ad buckle; other, ln f I.25-AU-wooi tricot watats.. new collars and cuffs, stitched tabs round yoke. . - r . :. ful to get the prettiest design*. Either £ord an* tassel ,%Oc
Fracta gray-yje. C5c. 75c. 51. U 25. .f, ol^f nd , oxl '? lz f d ; » K ' » l 75 - il.6O-TwiHed flannel, pleated back. Bathcred. rron«..\ " t %?rl. \ JZ? !' *° " I . , . .: ; ; the .•.'Bathers" or the new head top. "The I^f k -. l^C
7re-Dalnty buckU-s designed In m»v *& belts * *' * leCl eIaa " ' ' v '■ > ' " ' " ' ' ' " v '"' " : ' " ••'-' : ' ' " -'■ - Artist's Medel." are good pieces at 50c ™»ow-t O p ...ftQ C
pretty m yfes with very latest djp"f- * V ' * : 'AN EXTRAORDINARY OTFERIKQ OF . v- • . : eiich.. making the prettiest kind of pll- Complete....: «1.G4
feet, gold cr oxidized. Belting— ■'■'■::■■ : - ''-':-■" -- 1 ■ ' : ' : ' : ' :^'-: ' ■ ■'■■'■-. '"■' .' T^« -' '.•■ ' • • ,' • 1 n >'j ' "" . ■• ■" : > « ■ w •'•- • ■■" '^ : ' >- ■" ' ' "■ ; - ■■ ■'' ■ '-'• ' '■' ' : .' : ~ '-^ "• ' '■ •!'• ■ ■■'■: "■•' "". l° w . 8 ' ' . + ; ,
*\? t ™W™\^Z^W™:n^f&. .'I.-m- A YD.-BIack satin tucked. 2 T^ 1 fl TI fl t^ I I 1 * T^" P^ I Tfi *fl f* Vt/jptCI I't*-"' ' '^' .
or roiied gold. | • r icl * * * 1Ci ci lc ij nuer wear. Black Velvet H^itQ
-Jn^r^^ rde<lb<?ltl! ' blaCk - 12CO^- 50^o^ r^KS'and white - xT^ VCIVCL 11^15,
SO.— Bat in tucked belts. 8 tucks, with a inViT^w^dc 8 "' 1 * ith 8 tu «J". . three —Women's 50c Sfarts 39c —IVomen's Gowns 43c 7 Han« made in the popular Gainsborough and scoop shapes, styles every-
rhap«i Birdie nntehed with a pretty 7S«.-SaMn Tpleated 2% Inches wide «'" • mJ - : ■ •• «4 nn » «« one wants, and which we have been out ■ of for weeks. Now that they are here
Sth t U r5uoW R ie«in" K s : Olhcrs &J>- i »>-™n*ni™h**™&ii!fhiu.- ' —Womens 75c Gowns 58c. . —Womens$1.00 Gowns 88c. ... we arc going to ask half what we used to. 91.2r, instead of fc.2.-? and $3.50.
7CcrB*O« «to« «tuddte E witn IC |Sd U lZnd 8 JteS^ And J hcy ' r . e i ust^ as Koodin every way a S< if ybu paid what's usually asked. 1 ..- It would be no gain to us if we skimped a Silk- and VclVCt ROSCS—A Bunch, 25C,
81 <K»-°vovV r ity Xl b?»J bu .t«da>d with •r$ 5 - BIa & ""^ "'«"'« i> o uing. 2 Soc g^ownimsomeway so" we could sell ,t at 4 3c You would- find it out after a while, and it would hurt us rSore Thre. m » bunch, pink, blue or whif. a .tnk.S value. '
1 '' F h baS. i c?nSr l s?p?e O t^ n 5lnk:?^^^ Th « Wraea^«jCtowasj o 4»c-Ar^ In plnlc and "blue ' : stWpe^-' 'WrketSt., '/W sOT^®^~*k V
/M?/ /JUrf Gs^*-^* y&sr V -^J^&eJSP* q fin!H«»n Women's Skirt's 25c— Arc of heavy pink and blue striped The Women's Gowns at 58c— Have square yokes, wide *\ g> • . ' wetBK^BKr fiMV jd&5Mbf (ML& vmaSP
AW/ *—i>^T; ■ -rr— ~*^ "Mp. UUIuen nannclettn cut long and wide. They • aro valued at 35c. collars, rufflo trimmed. Op. Golden Off MSff Q&*GBr ss**^ sss^r^^^fr-
2£2f — CrOfkTh GQOD&**^ Gate Ave The Women's Skirts at 81>e-Are of daisy nannel, plain ' The W1.OO Women's Gowns at 8Sc-Are of heavy warm •"•«♦«. A.,«> Js&> f*™_ ~~~^ < '
n\^^ <JU%Ji*^^ t< vutc -,' ' wide"' Va U lucd a Mlc ° ream8 ' 1Icavy soft quallty ' cut lon « a "d ' flannelette in pink and blue strip?.; collars and cuffs of ' Gate Ave. I JSBf Z^**X2faf%i% CMOD^Ly'^
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALE, SUNDAY, DE CEMBER i; j?6iv