REAR ADMIRAL TAYLOR, WHO
MAT BECOME CHIEF OF THE
\u25a0BUREAU OF NAVIGATION.
"The court cannot accept Schley's testi
mony as absolutely reliable, because in
many points it is' contradicted by not one
but a dozen witnesses," and these j were
officers whose "conduct never has been
brought into question.. The court must
now judge as to how far these witnesses
were credible and how. far the admiral,
testifying in his own behalf, shall be re
garded as a reliable witness. 1 Flat con
tradictions make the duty of the. court an
unpleasant one. "It cannot find Schley
blameless without assuming that a ma
jority, of the naval officers called bore
false } witness and should be subject to
court-martial."
" "Schley's' testimony was different from
that of all the other witnesses," said this
officer. ; "He is the subject of inquiry and
he been present to hear all the testi
mony, offered. . He has been able to com
pare .this testimony- and sum up in a gen
eral denial." Since Schley read most of
his testimony, or his counsel held a type
written copy of his testimony to correct
him should he make mistakes, it would
not be unfair to assume that It was pre
pared with the aid of counsel. It was,
therefore, a summing up of the defense
and. an argument rather than testimony.
The only real testimony by Admiral
Schley will be that under cross-examina
tion. ...
rank.- 5 ThV chalices', are', therefore, that
thiejSchiey. controversy will not end with
the ; report*. "of the Court of Inquiry. It
will probably | be - carried to j Congress, to
be fought "over there In committee and on
the .floor. <.- '. - ' • • i •
A high officer in the army who has had
considerable, experience "in 'conducting
courts-martial and courts of Inquiry says
Schley's testimony must necessarily be
accepted .with great caution. .-
Continued on Page Two.
At length ln.1899 a child's paper chanced
to fall into the hands of .her. daughter
Grade. It contained a letter written' by
a little girl describing the Scoville brass
manufactory at_ Waterbury, Conn. "At
once associating the name Scoville with
her mother's and brother's, Grade wrote
to the'other little girl, who replied in due
time. ' : \u25a0.\u25a0;\u25a0•\u25a0."-" : . ; \;£. \u25a0 .: - ... \u25a0
This investigation proved that the"ScoT
villes of Waterbury [ were only
relatives, ' but ";it also led to th&- where
abouts of Sarah" Scoville Lambert's three
brothers and aged mother, Mrs.- Leverett
'TACOMA, "Wash., Oct. 27.— Charles Sco
ville. accompanied by his brother-in-law,
E. W. Stevens, two wealthy residents of
Fresno, Cal., have arrived at Whatcom,
The object of their trip was a quest for
Scoville's -sister, -Mrs. -Sarah Lambert,
Vvhom he has not seen since both wer6
small children" near fifty years* ago. Their
birthplace -• was - what -is now / Seymour,
Conn. When seven .years of .age Sarah
Scoville 5 was taken from her parents to
Rock Island County. 111. 1 . Many attempts
were made to find some trace of her, but
all efforts proved futile.. During the long
years of , separation she \u25a0\u25a0 never? gave up
hope of some day finding her brothers. - :
Special Dispatch to -The Call.
: Bennett I Sc6ville;a i ; was in Con
\u25a0 necticut, j where j he .died. > Charles resided
'in California, ; but did j riot • meet^ his "sister
until 'this* week?;' . Without, .wife, or, "child,'
'jttie . lonely/ old ; : man f was rejoiced to meet
his long lost sister and hia only niece.
Scoville, then living with -her youngest
son, .James -F. Scoville, of Mantua, Ohio.
Later 'oh Mrs.' Sarah", Lambert visited j her
' mother and .brother James, .whom she' re
| membefed as . an . unnamed . baby when
she left her -home. \;.> : \u25a0"/."\u25a0' ; ;
SALT LAKE,' Oct. 27.— A telephone mes
sage from Binghain, Utah, tb-ntght states
that up to 10 p. m. rescuing parties had
failed to reach Charles Nutting and Wil
liam Anderson, the two riiiners who were
.entombed by a cave in the Highland. Boy 1 ,
mine Friday night. , At .that hour it was
not known whether the imprisoned < men
were dead or alive, their signals having
ceased after midnight ' last night. ; Great
difficulty is . being encountered ' in reach
ing'the! place, where the men are. located.,
The 'walls of the tunnel, are constantly
crumbling,' not ohly_jmpeding the work
of rescue, but: also endangering the! lives
of the miners wlio .are endeavoring to
save their entombed comrades.'
Axe Bead; as tiiey Have Ceased
. , , Signaling. \u25a0 _
Fear Expressed That Imprisoned Men
EFFORTS TO BESCUE ,
ENTOMBED MINEBS FAIL
Relatives Long Separated Are
Reunited in a North
ern City.
LONDON. Oct. 27.— A dispatch to the
Telegraph from Sofia says that travelers
from Bausko state that M. Tsilka lately
received a letter from his wife, who was
abducted, with Mise. Ellen Mi Stone, the
American missionary, informing him that
she and Miss Stone are' confined in a cel
lar under strict guard, which Is main
tained" by two • men.- The robbers, she
added,' were confident of success and have
ample provisions. No confirmation has
been received 61 the recent report that
Mm'e. Tsilka had died in the hands of
her captors. .
"A trustworthy report is in circulation
here," says a ' dispatch from Sofia to the
Dally Telegraph, "that Miss Stone is in
the village of Belltza, close to the fron
tier:"
CONSTANTINOPLE, - Oct.- 27.— During
the last few days there has been a vo
luminous exchange of dispatches in ci
pher between Spencer Eddy, secretary of
the United States ' Legation, and Consul
General Dickinson, .who is how in Sofia,
regarding the efforts to rescue Miss Stone,
the abducted missionary, ;i from the bri
gands. The Consul is reticent and noth
ing is made public regarding- the' inves-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Companion of Miss
Ellen M. Stone.
Letter Is Received From .the
FINDS SISTER
AFTER SEARCH
OF, MANY YEARS
_ _ ASHINGTON, Oct. 27.-The
\\ )V / Schley Court, of | Inquiry, will
x/ \* finish taking testimony this
'* y week and ; speculation as to',
. the outcome \u25a0 is rife. Schley..
proved to be ah effective witness . before
the p'ublic. His dramatic description of
the battle of Santiago was admirable and
his friends are already. referring to it as
his vindication.' But there never has been
any question raised against Schley's con
duct at the battle of Santiago, except as
to the mischance' of the loop made by the
Brooklyn. Sampson, in his report, praised
Schley's conduct at" Santiago and left to
the Navy Department ' the question as to
how far that conduct should. wipe out his
."reprehensible conduct" preliminary to
the battle. Schley's conduct while in
command of the flying squadron i3 the
subject of inquiry, and the court will. pay
little attention to the story of the battle.
The friends of Schley are beginning to
talk about a 'Congressional . Investigation
in case the report of the court is against
him. They. do not propose to accept'any
thing short Of complete vindication and
they believe that 1 public sentiment ' will
sustain them in such demand. They. also
propose to have Congress create the rank
of vice admiral for Schley. and have him
restored to the active list to enjoy 'his
O .H-:-H"I"I"H;I !\u25a0 I-I-I-I-I-I \u25a01"I"I"I"I"I-I"I
LINEMAN HANGS
ALL NIGHT ON
THE LIVE WIRE
SIGNS PORTEND
STRIFE BETWEEN
THE REPUBLICS
Terrible Spectacle Witnessed
in: the -Vicinity; of
. Victoria.
Chile to Mobilize Her Army
\ and Argentine Fleet
Is Coaling.
VICTORIA, B. C., 1 Oct. 27.— WilUam
Docking, a young and unmarried lineman
in : the employ of the . British; Columbia
Electric Railway Company, met a\ tragic
fate last night.. He 'was at work on the
trunk line which, carries the.power of the
tramway ' system | from ' Gold ; Stream; .nine
miles from Victoria, and; toward evening
he climbed • a pole' near! the Four/Mile
House, which, as, its; name, indicates, -is
four miles ' f rorn j Victoria.'' Docking j fas
tened : his ; safety belt, and when - ho , was
accidentally > electrocuted by. the., strong
current which; is carried by. a heavy, wire
to the city he was suspended like a high
wayman of- old on >v the - gibbet from \u25a0 yes
terday v evening I until ( some • passers-by,
found his dead body hanging from. the
wire' 1 , this i morning, and calling assistance
cut down the remains. . •
LONDON, Oct. 28.-The Chilean Gov
ernment announces the mobilization of
the army at the end of November, ' os
tensibly for maneuvers, says a dispatch
to the. Dally Mail from Buenos Ayres.
The Argentine fleet has been ordered to
be provisioned arid coaled arid the sailors
are working day and night '
| Three thousand marilf estants arrived
here to-day, seeking the intervention of
the national Government In the province
of Santa Fe. Generals . Roca and Mitre
received a deputation and subsequently a
great meeting was held, which, came to a
peaceable : conclusion. .'- The " President re
ceived a ; petition from the meeting and
promises.; that the national Government
would intervene.
CELLAR FORMS
THE PRISON OF
THE CAPTIVES
the past month, suffering with
typhoid malaria, is said to be out of dan
ger, although no one is admitted to . the
sick room with r the exception of her"
mother, who 1e in constant attendance.
She was reported resting comfortably to-
•r •*\u25a0
ETROIT, Mich.. Oct. 27. — Miss
Blanche Bates, the California
actress, who is lying in Grace
Hospital, where she has been fo.-
HELENA, Mont., Oct. 27.— After an ex
citing chase by officers over several
blocks along Helena's principal business
streets, Frank Aker, who made the sen
sational holdup In the Dewey saloon Fri
day evening, fell shot through the neck
close to the Jugular vein. Aker was in
Peterson's saloon j preparing for another
holdup when the Chief of Police and a
Deputy Sheriff entered the place. Aker
made a break to escape, . taking a shot
at the officers as he -ran. The latter re
plied with a fusillade. In a minute the
town was in an .uproar. Aker. ran two
blocks before he fell to the sidewalk
wounded. He will live to enter the peni
tentiary. He, is . nervy . and coolly con
fesses to holding up the Dewey saloon
and the Oxford saloon in Butte, secur
ing about $50 from, both of them.
Bullet From an Officer's Revolver
Penetrates His Neck, Narrow
ly Missing Jugular Vein.
DARING ROBBER SHOT
AFTER EXCITING CHASE
last Wednesday,, has left her very weak,
and the change' for -the better was ex
pected to occur during last night or to
day. \u25a0 r '
4 Notwithstanding the belief that Miss
Bates;: 1b out of danger, she must face
a long, hard siege of illness before she
will be fully restored to health. In her
weakened condition recovery will ba
slow, and it is not Improbable that
months will . elapse before the talente.l
Calif ornian will again be seen upon tha
stage.
. - . ,*\u25a0 «... I M t» *\
night, and her physicians expect still
more favorable conditions to-morrow.
The fact that Miss Bates' condition was
somewhat Improved to-day Is cheering,
as Dr. .W. R.' McLaren announced yes
.'terday,»that should, she. improve to-day
there would be little doubt as to her re
covery. The relapse that she suffered
-FAVORITE -CALIFORNIA- ACTRESS.
WHO IS; SERIOUSLY ILL IN A
HOSPITAL IN DETROIT.
, ST. Petersburg. Oct. \u25a0: 27.— An. im
mense sensation has been created here by
the address with which M. A. Stahko
vich. Marshal • of the - province of "Orel,
greeted the missionary congress at Orel.
M. Stahkovlch boldly preached 'freedom
of conscience, toleration of the dis
sidents and other . arch heresies with
which nobles and officials are popularly
supposed not to be tainted. The speech
has been printed by the paper of Prince
Ountomsky, which appears to have more
than common courage and has call* 1
forth a storm of protest from the ortho
dox priests to whom he spoke and from
the whole reactionary press. M ; Stahko
vich declared the orthodox faith strong
enough to be able to dispense with the
police and that it was time to permit ev
erybody to seek and preach salvation
after his own fashion. The present sys
tem of conversion was characterized as
barbarlous and worse than useless. , .
Immense _ Eensatiox \ Ci exited by - tnc
"Utterances" of the'jiafshal of
a Russian Province.
PREACHES ARCH. HERESIES &
l TO MISSIONARY CONGRESS
LONDON, Oct. 2/.— Reynolds' Weekly
newspaper is the first British paper to
assert that King Eaward Is suffering
from cancer of the throat. In to-day's
issue it declared that since the King's ac
cession three operations -have -been per
formed for the removal /'of. papilloma on
the left vocal chord and 'that one was re
moved from the right vocal chord last
week. \u25a0 \u25a0 £ . ' , '
'• "Assistance was hastily- summoned,"
says this journal, "as his .Majesty was
breathing with difficulty 'and an immedi
ate operation was performed. . But it Is
regarded as only a temporary relief, the
injured epithelium now leaving become a
cancerous growth and ierious develop
ments are expected. h ,
Dr. McDonald replied: "I would have
liked to take the brain away, -but I am
frank to say that you are absolutely right
In the matter. If I desire to make any
examination I will do it at the prison."
TTie plan of Superintendent Collins Is
befertily acquiesced In by Warden Mead,
i/n\ It '.s understood that an unrepealed
law will be found that will allow the
"Doctor. I have planned to make this
execution an example of mystery that
will forestall any attempt at sensational
ism. I cannot allow anything to go away
from the prison that will In any; way
continue this. man's identity for notoriety.
You mj.y stay .at the prison for: a week
if you will and examine any portion of the
anatomy you please, but my present plan
is not to allow any portion of the man,
his clothing, or even the. letters be re
ceived to leave this place." . .
Wants No Sensationalism.
The death warrant has not yet been
read to the prisoner, but it will be to
morrow afternoon. The general practica
is to read the paper some time after the
preparation for the execution designed by
the ccurt. The time in this case com
mences at midnight to-night.
The firm purpose of Superintendent Col
lins and Warden Mead to avoid the ap
pearance of sensationalism in this- case
is demonstrated by an incident in con
nection with one of the principal wit
nesses. Dr. Carlos McDonald of New
York, a former president of the Sta^e
Lunacy Commission, is to be the prin
cipal attending physician at the execu
tion. He was* the alienist who examine!
Czoigosz at Buffalo and pronounced the
prisoner sane. He has been very anxious
to take away with him from the au
t*psy the assassin's brain for the pm-
ITOOi* of a microscopical examination. A
few davs ago Dr. McDonald had a talk
with Superintendent Collins and askeJ
him to allow htm. after the autopsy, to
take the brain to New York City for ex
amination. Mr. Collins said to him:
The chair in which Czolgosz will sit to
receive the deadly electrical shock was
\u25a0examir.ed and tested to-day' by State
Electrician Darts, and is ready for the
part that It is to play in the final scene
of the great national tragedy. Davis
carefully examined the wiring, switch
board and electrodues, and satisfied him-
Oelf th;it they were in good condition. He
also inspected the dynamos in the prison
ehop, •vrh'ere the current is generated, and
at his direction the current was for i
\u25a0brief period sent pulsating into the
death house as it will go on Tuesday
carrying final punishment to
' the asjiassin.
Electrician Da.vis will look the appa
ratus over again to-morrow and review
•with the prison officials the plan under
Trhich the sentence of death is to be car
ried out. CzoTgosz will be the fifty-ninth
man in the State and the fifteenth- at
Auburn Prison at whose electrocution
Davis has applied the current.
The hour of 7 on Tuesday morning *s
the tirae set by Warden J. "Warren Meail
for the execution. Various reports
changing that time have gone through
Auburn to-day and to-night. One rumor
places the time at 7 o'clock to-morrow,
but that is discredited by the fact that
Superintendent of State Prisons Cornelius
V. Collins will not arrive here until 3
o'clock to-morrow afternoon, and none
of the regularly summoned witnesses
have yet reached Auburn.
Death Chair Is Tested.
AUBCRX, X. T.. Oct. 27.— The time
that Leon Czoigosz. assassin of Presi
dent McKinley, has to live, is reckoned
by hours now, but there has been no re
laxation of the stringent rules by which
the prisoner has been secluded since hl«
arrest The prison was closed to-day to
any who sought the assassin, and so It
\u25a0will remain until the prisoner has paid
the penalty that the law exacts. In fact
the pi in to deprive CzolgoEZ, living, of
any notoriety, has been extended to de
prive Czoigosz, dead, of notoriety.
Immediately after the execution the
clothirg of the prisoner, with the vast ac
cumulation of mall that came to ths
murderer will be burned, and, if possible,
the request of the parents of the dead
man for his remains will be evaded. It
Is feared that the removal of his body
to Cleveland would lead to scenes of an
unfortunate nature, and the prison offi
cials £.re very anxious to avoid anything
of the kind. The plan of burning the
clotfclx* and letters of Crolgroez wiU
prevent tfae-exhGMttOn-of 're'ncs~"By~lKo8e
who pander to the morbid.
In'addltion to these matters, Mr. Roose
velt is expected to urge the maintenance
of the status quo In the Philippines, and
"the enactment of more stringent immi
gration laws, which will. enable the ex
clusion of undesirable aliens and tlM re
enactment of the Chinese exclusion aot> .
Ship Subsidy Bill— The need of augmen
tation of the merchant marine is .well
known to the country and Mr. Roosevelt
will' dwell' with' emphasis upon it.' He
will not . commit himself to the indorse
ment of any measure. In fact, speaking
of this subject .a few days ago, Mr.
Roosevelt said to a member of Congress
that he did not believe it thj duty of the
1-rcsident to recommend specific legisla
tion. His duty was to point out the need
and leave Congress to furnish the
remedy.
' Navy— By reason of : his service In the-
Navy .Department, Mr. Roosevelt takes'
deep interest. in the navy. He has al
ready dictated a very strong essay on the'
need of a strong navy. He will earnestly
urge the adoption of a formidable ship
building programme, which shall Include
•battleships. Outlying dependencies must
! be protected and the command of the sea
is : essential i to their preservation to the
United^ States. A large navy is also nec
essary'for the defense of the Monroe doc
trine. This will be an especially strong
feature of the message.
Isthmian Canal— Mr. Roosevelt will call
attention to the report of the Isthmian
Canal Commission, which will be sub
mitted to him about the middle of No
vember. He is an ardent advocate of the
canal and will earnestly urge action. He
will also refer to the negotiation of the
treaty with Great Britain, which removes
all obstacles in the way of American con
struction of the canal, and will urge Its
ratification.
Favors a Ship Subsidy.
of Ihis • Cabinet * a statement "of "the work
of his department and the important rec
ommendations he proposed to Incorporate
in his annual report. A portion of this
statement would be used and Mr. Mc-
Kinley would call attention to the recom
mendations. Mr. Roosevelt has been
supplied by members of the Cabinet with
data, such as was given to Mr. McKin
ley, but he Is paraphrasing them.
Trusts the Main Feature.
Mr. Roosevelt . does .not write with a
pen. He dictates sometimes to Secretary
Cortelyou, sometimes to Assistant Secre
tary Loeb and again to Assistant Seere*-'
tary Barnes. -His message is not, of
course, - completed. It will be necessary
to revise it this week, when he learns the
views of his Cabinet, and events may
cause changes and additions before it is
finally transmitted to Congress.
These will be some of the important
matters discussed by Mr. Roosevelt:
Reciprocity — Mr. Roosevelt will make a
g*eneral statement of the necessity of re
ciprocity, but it is not expected that he
will make a specific recommendation of
treaties negotiated.
Trusts — The President feete strongly on
this subject and it is his purpose to de
vote a considerable portion of his mes
sage to it. - At the same time, he will not,
though he will urge legislation, present
any plan for a determination of this im-i
portant question. If he follows the view
of the Department of Justice, he will
urge the amendment of the Sherman law
so as to provide machinery for the prose
cution of trusts, . makin ; it compulsory
for them. to show to government officials,
on demand, copies of their contracts and
agreements, and authorizing the employ
ment of agents to make an Investigation.
Mr. Roosevelt will • not indorse this rec
ommendation, so .far, as is now known J
and may not even call attention to It. :
In his method of writing the message
he has pursued a different course from
that of the late Mr. McKinley. The lat
ter, received from . each, of the members
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. X.
W., WASHINGTON, Oct. 27.— President
Roosevelt has informed the members of
his Cabinet that he will read to them for
criticism during the present week his
first annual message to Congress.
This document is briefer than any mes
sage yet transmitted and it probably will
be compressed Into still smaller compass.
Mr. Roosevelt does not propose to burden
the people with a lengthy document, the
sight of which will appall them. It Is his
opinion that a message briefly but
strongly discussing each of the important
Questions engrossing the attention of the
country -will be what the nation wants.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Document Will Be Unusually Brief
and in Preparing It the Methods
of Mr. McKinley' Are
Not Followed.
These Drastic Measures Give Only
Temporary Belief [and Serious
Developments,' Are
Expected.'^
Caking Every Precaution, to Deprive
the Anarchist of Notoriety,
I>en After He Has Paid
Y~ \u25a0 ' the Penalty.
Much of It Is Devoted to the
Great Combinations of
Capital.
Surgeons Remove Papilloma
From the Patient's Vo
• •• . .-. ,rt_» r
cal Chords.
Prison Officials Will Leave
No Vestige of Him in
Existence.
Even Assassin's Body Is
to Be Buried in
Quicklime.
Subject of Trusts Will
Be Considered at
Series of Operations for
Cancer af^ the
Throat.
Unless the Admiral Be Fully Vindicated the Nation's
Highest Law-Making Bod/ Will Be 'Asked to
Make Independent Investigation of Naval Scandal
Talented California Actress Who Is III in a Detroit
Hospital Passes the Critical Point, but Months
Will Elapse Before She Reappears on Stage
PRESIDENT'S
COMPLETION
KING EDWARD
THRICE UNDER
THE SCALPEL
WILL BURN
THE EFFECTS
QF CZOLGOSZ
CONDITION OF BLANCHE BATES
IMPROVES AND PHYSICIAN SAYS
SHE IS ON ROAD TO RECOVERY
SCHLEY'S FRIENDS MAY APPEAL
TO CONGRESS SHOULD THE COURT
OF INQUIRY DECIDE AGAINST HIM
ROOSEVELT'S FIRST MESSAGE WILL URGE CONSTRUCTION OF NICARAGUA CANAL,
THE NEED OF A LARGE NAVY AND RE-ENACTMENT OF CHINESE EXCLUSION LAW
VOLUME XC- NO. 150.
The San Francisco Call.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, • OCTC^BER 28, .y 1901.PRJNCESS?HAIRIE AYAD,
WHOi .'IS ; V SOON ; 'TO VISIT
' "AMERICA. . a . ' ' . '
J': Dr. C. C. O'Donnell i*. still in • the ; flght
and will certainly ; . win > thls i time,. '- Be sure
to vote for him', for: Mayor! by^writing his
tame with \u25a0 a lead pencil at *heacT- or ' blank
column." . *
To' be sold by December, 31, 1901,; at prices
that will .astonish all. \ San Francisco
Hbuse. Market street, between Ninth and
Tenth, . opposite St. Nicholas Hotel. •-••.-
840,000 Worth of Genuine ColuxabtiR
- . Buggy Company's Vehicles
WASHINGTON, Oct. 27,— To-day was
the forty-third anniversary of the birth
of President Roosevelt.' j Occurring on Sun
day, there was no formal celebration". Dr.
Nichols, a friend from, Baltimore, was at
the White House a portion of the day and
to-night Commander Cowles was a gutst
at dinner. The -President attended re-
Ugious services at Grace Reformed Church
as usual: ... . - .
President Roosevelt's Birthday.
To Be Tried for Dueling-.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 27.— Former
Lieut enanf.Maximoff of the.Russlan
Guards haa been cited j to appear before
the civil. courts to answer for his partici
pation in the duel last summer at Witt
genstein with Prince Alexander Sayn-
Wittgensteln-Berleburg, which., resulted
fatally for the Prince. Ex-ofHcers of the
Russian army are not permitted to en
gage In duels. . \u25a0
FORT yCOLI»INSiii,C6lo.;. ;i Oct. 27.^John
Zimmerman, iwhovhas' been 'investigating
the subject since,. 1881,- haa^tresh proof that
the mountains .of.;Larimer County are in'
a state of anima^d growth, i : , ! -. :
In 1881 Mr. Zimmerman found a .large
cave on-tha top^Ot: thre . lava beds, about
a quarter, of 'a mile- from, the old crater
near Zimmerman I Like, near .Mount
Kichthoven: ' The. /cave was large, enough
for \u25a0 two \u25a0 persons V. to 'jwalk through It
abreast for a' distance of about forty feet
from each entrance.. .There was found a
floor of sdlid 'ice, lying about midway of
the cave,. in Which, waB an air hole about
three feet 'in diameter!, and so deep that
rocks thrown into it could not be heard
to strike tne bottom.".. ... . ':• s
Recently VMr. Zimmerman- found the
passageway/ between -the two entrances
completely, blocked . up by . an upheaval.
The floor of . the cave,'; he has i proved by
surveys,.-: is several feet .higher . : than .it
was when It wft$_-discoyered. • . \u25a0 ,.
Wall of a Cave Has Risen Sey-
L ARAMIE < MOUNTAINS ' : : . '
4 ; ARE GROWING LARGER
Scientist Proves by Surveys That the
NACOGDOCHES, Tex., Oct. 27.— County
Judge McDonald of San" Augustine Coun
ty has appealed to the Governor for Ran
gers on account .of Intelligence that abbut
eighty members of the Wall faction had
assembled at Tobe, Sabine County, and
were making, preparations to march*, on
San Augustine for the purpose of aveng
ing the death of the six Walls who have
been killed on the borders. The telephone
lines have again been cut and no news
can be had. The excitement is great
throughout this section, and a number of
heavily, armed men have 'passed here to
day en route to the scene.
Faction Members. Threaten to Avenge
the Death of Six of Their
Associates. 1
ASE GOVERNOR OF TEXAS
FOR AID OF THE RANGERS
"HELENA, M6nt.,' Oct". 27.— A special to
the Independent from Townsend; Mont.,
says- Ben Kimber, a well-known ; rancher
who lives nine miles 'beloW/<"Townsenl,
came: in from; his ranch- to-day and" gave
himself up to Sheriff -Pool, saying that
in self-defense he had shot and killed a
neighboring rancher named Jacob G.
Timager. Kijnber was locked up.-; Ac
cording to the story told by Kimber hz
and Timager haye> been having trouble
for some tlme'ln^cohsequence of the hit
ter's attempts Ho i fence off a roadriead
lng to Kimber^sTanoh. Yesterday aft
ernoon a quarrel ensued, which ended '1>i
Kimber emptying -two loads of, r buck
shot into the breast of his neighbor. ,
Surrenders to the Sheriff and Claims
That He Acted in" Self- \
; . Defense. v : "
BANCHEB, ; 'OF MONTANA
. ; -MhjRDiraS NEIGHBOR
Special Dispatch to. The Call,
, CORNING, Oct. ... 27.— William Bailey
was found dead near the railroad track
at the north end of town early this morn
ing 'and", his passing fiom life Is hedged
about with Just enough mystery to puzzle
the county . authorities. The. manner of
the man's death is v now being investi
gated. •
According to the testimony of a num
ber of. persons here Bailey indulged to a
considerable degree In"- intoxicating drink
last- night. With him was a companion
to-- whom he made known "his purpose to
commit suicide. It Is stated by .those who
watched the; actions and heard the con
versation of the two -men that Bailey's
friend said he also waa tired of life and
would gladly join In . the tragio business
of self-destruction. . : ' ,
-The men left the saloon where both had
been drinking and walked-a short; dis
tance down the railrbad track. Bailey
drew a revolver and spoke again of sui
cide.- His companion, either from fear or
a ' return of good judgment, changed his
mind and; put as much distance between
himself and Bailey as his fieetness of foot
would permit. ' , ; ...
All that Bailey did between the time of
the friend's reconsideration and abrupt
departure and the former's . death is a
matter of conjecture; but it is generally
considered that he took his own life.
There is,- however, \u25a0 one circumstance
which appears to disturb the theory of
self destruction. This is that no powder
burns are to be found near ' the place
where the bullet entered. The authorities
are disposed to attach some j importance
to this fact -and suspect that -there may
have been foul play. • \u25a0 ,
UNIGHTS OF' OOLTJMBTJS
AT • SPECIAL SERVICES
Members of the Older Honor the
Memory of the Discoverer, of '
• > • \u25a0 America, : : ' ' , ; v
WASHINGTON, Oct. 27.-Cardinal Mar
tinelli and, Dr. Rooker of the Papal Lega-i
tion, the Rev. Dr. 'Garrigan of the Catho
lic University. and Bishop Bradley of New
Hampshire and about . a thousand mem
bers of .the -Order, ot. the \u25a0Knierhts of Co-,
lumbus attended a special vesper* service
at St. Patrick's Church in this dtjr to
day,-held in memory of the fact that It
was in-this month that the man -after
whom .the •' order was named, discovered
America.' ; " It Js the purpose to make such
a service in October "a regular feature of
the order. - The Rev. Dr. D. . J. Stafford
preached the sermon, choosing for his text
"Christian Manhood." Dr. Warren Courier
was deacon andRev. Dr. .Burns of Holy
Cross . College sub-deacon. \u25a0 A" choir, of 100
voices took part in the service.
"Will Hang Froin Same Gallows.
POPLAR BLUFF, Mo., • Oct." 27.—Ste
phen Clark,- white, and Zeb • Crite, a
negro.* were sentenced to be hanged from
the. same gallows here on_ December 20.
Clark stabbed Alice Ciles- to death last
June. Crite, in September, called Thomas
Graham., to his door : and \u25a0 shot: him. "dead,
i Will , Gatlin . and . Ike Torrence,. , negroes,
were . arrested as ;• accessories,.- and ; the
iformer.was found guilty of. murder in' the
first degree- lasf night/ He will be:-sen
tenced next' week. - The " jury took • only
flve minutes In finding, Crite cuilty..
Two years ago Managing Director Wie
gand of the North German Lloyd Com
pany visited Oriental and Pacific Coast
ports with a view to the future action of
his company's service across the Pacific.
His -company Is 'building new:- passenger
steamers, and for this reason would read
ily combine with the Canadian _ Pacific,
which is the only company operating to
northern ports . with . fast , passenger
steamers.
TACOMA, Oct. -27.— The steamship Olym
pia brings news from Shanghai that the
North- German Lloyd Steamship Company
has made overtures to the Canadian Pa
cific Steamship Company for the estab
lishment of a joint German and British
steamship ' service from Oriental ports to
Vancouver and Puget Sound. The Cana
dian Pacific now operates its steamers to
Hongkong and Shanghai. The Shanghai
Mercury says that work has been started
on a fourth Empress steamer. The com
bination, if effected, will give a fast
steamer service out of the northern ports
comparable to that now maintained out of
San Francisco by the Ffcclne Mail, Orien
tal and Occidental companies and the
Toyo Kisen Kaisha.
North German Lloyd Said to Save
Made Overtures to Canadian
Pacific. ;.
STEAMSHIP COMPANIES
; £ALK OF COMBINE
,TA£OMA, Oct.'27.— The empire of Korea
is now : practically bankrupt, having ex
hausted all ordinary means of raising
revenues. Japanese authorities-believe
that international arrangements must
soon be made to manage Korea's finances.
For years the empire has been in p.
perpetual state of- impecunioslty. The
half million yen which she borrowed last
month from the" First- National Bank. of
Japan was expended within a week there
after. The recent celebrations commem
orating the -Emperor's fiftieth birthday
have left a further deficit.- \u25a0
Several months ago Liyongik, one of the
Government Ministers, began purchasing
rice in outside countries to relieve the
shortage at -home. .\u25a0 It was • intended -to
make several million yen, but the specu
lation' instead resulted disastrously.
The proceeds"yjf the. new ginseng j mon
opoly have been absorbed in removing and
repairing the imperial palacesr The cere
monies connected wlth'-the elevation, of
Lady Om to the' rank of Empress- must
be postponed unless funds can be obtained
somewhere. . -\u25a0;- <•
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Paul Czolgosz, the • ff ather,'-. said that
there was some fear.'jof mutilation or
other undesirable occurrence If the body
were brought to ! Cleveland" Immediatel v
a/ter the electrocution! ~- 1 This fear had led
to the- consideration -iof'.- cremating the
body in Buffalo -or ; . In -some other city.
Some anonymous communications to the
Czolgosz family have mentioned -.the fact
that the body mlghti.be valuable as a
scientific obj#cl • to /medical people and
would brfns a good '...sum of money, but
further than mere hlntF.no definite offer
har made. It' was said that such
en would be distasteful to the fam
ily *<?d, would not be . considered. Fear
that the body might be stolen, if 'buried
in the usual manner, Is also a' reason for
*. '.^-•»rtnn being favored. ' y -
' CLEVELAND. Ohio. Oc£. 27.— The press
is made the medium for the last" message
from the father of Leon Czolgosz to the
condemned assassin who will pay the pen
alty for hie terrible deed in Auburn prison
on Tuesday morning. In an interview this
afternoon the elder Czolgosz was asked
what he had to say finally to his unfortu
nate son. The old man's eyes filled with
tears as he replied deliberately:
"Tell Leon that I. hope hs may rest 'in
peace; that lie will become reconciled to
God, and will meet his end bravely Tell
him that as much as Land all of our fam
ily regret his most unhappy plight we
can do nothing to interfere; that he alone
U responsible fen his unfortunate sin, and
that he must .meet his.,punlshment as a
consequence." : ' . - - -J. j \u25a0*- ? . • ,
Further. conversation 5 .. "eiffclted that the
purpose of Waldeck Gzolgpsz's visit to
Buffalo is for the disposition of the body
when the law's-mandat© *ha» have been
carried out. -Up to 'this afternoon no in
formation has been" received iby the elder
Czolgosz from Waldeck, and this Is taken
to mean that the father's^pesence at the
death is. not sde^red. : . The entire
family arrangements titrfe Lin. Waldeck's
hands and. what stfeps>;h^ wfll take is a
matter of uncertainty;?-: The \u25a0expense of
conveying the body-front Auburn to Cleve
land is one of . the -Considerations that
causes hesitancy In.' the announcement of
definite arrangements.-' ' •\u25a0 \u25a0-
FATHEB . SEEDS LAST "WOED.
Governor Odell has sent word that he
particularly desires that this 'execution
be conducted with as little display of
notoriety a» possible. - - - • -
At the execution on Tuesday T>r. Carlos
S. McDonald of New York and • Prison
Hhyeician Gerin will be the attending
physicians, and the prieste, if any be 're
quired by Czolgosz, will be the two Polish
priests that have heretofore visited him.
State Comptroller Erastus Knight of Buf
falo has been asked to be foreman of the
official Jury and will be here. .-The r«st of
the Jury of twelve is made up of'promi
nent men, Including some other State
officials.
- When his death Is accomplished. War
den Mead will give out a brief statement
of the prisoner's last hours, including any
confession he may make. The result of
the antopsy will also be given out by
the Warden. -: " r - \u25a0 _ - * -
And this is not all. Warden Mead, with
Superintendent Collins' approval, has de
cided that for the thirty hours preceding
the execuuon of Czolgosz, not one word
of his condition or actions shall be given
out from the prison. In other words the
man, beginnig from midnight, is practical
ly dead, so far as the public ie- concerned.
Those Who "Will Attend.
Warden to refuse Czolgosz's body even
to his relatives, and will give the "Warden
the privilege of disposing of it. In that
-event, within two hours after the execu
tion, unless Dr. McDonald care's to make
an analysis of the brain; Czolgosz's body,
clothes, v letters and everything reminis
cent of him in the prison will be dispose*!
of, the body of the assassin will be buried
In quicklime and the clothes, letters and
packages will be consumed by fire.
Violent Death of Man at
Corning Arouses
; ' Suspicion. •
Empire of Korea Is Wor
rying Over Its Bank
ruptcy. ::
OF FICERS TLAK
OF FOUL PLAY
Continued From Page One;
NOT A JINGLE
IN THE PURSE
THE United States is to receive, a
visit this winter from Princess
Hairie Ben Ayad, who has creat
ed a stir in England by her cru
sade against social conditions in
Turkey. The Princess, who is a daugh
ter "of a former Turkish Minister to
France, hopes to eradicate polygamy In
Turkey by organizing a movement
against it from the outside. Her lectures
in London have been crowded and she
has become a fad with society there.
She has a beautiful and refined face, un
like the usual heavy type of the oast,
and carries herSelf in a regal way. Her
husband, who was sentenced to prison for
espousing the cause of the deposed Sul
tan, Morad. but escaped, is with her in
"London. When. out driving she, wears a
(heavy 4 * veil*- over \u2666'her face, - according to
:jTurkIsh:castdm-^'.^»-U*>.*j,i»Af^ij: \
O •I"I"I"M"M I 'H"M' M-M-I-M I"H"I; ©
The telegraph line between St; .Michael
and Fort Gibson on the Tanana. has been
completed and' is in working order.' It-is'
said that good -service .will be maintained
during the winter between Notneand Ta
nana. Repair stations have been [built
every twenty miles. The line between
Eagle City and Tanana will be constructed
early next spring. \ " .
Sprilce Creek, .which enters Bering Sea
eight miles below Solomon River, 'has
shown up remarkably well during the past'
season and a pay streak 200 feet wide will
be the-ecene-of-extensive operations -next
season. \« • :,
•W. C. Beatl, colored, attempted to carve
a wqman... Her screams brought -to—her,
assistance A. J. Beecher, who saved the
woman's -life. " He- shot and killed B.eall.
gale w'asbtowing.. The^Queen.^Valencla
and Roanoke will-, be • the last steamers
from Nome. They will bring . about 2000
people, and there.; are ; . many./ more
would return if .'. transportation could ; be
secured, besides a- large number \u25a0 of desti
tute, who will be compelled --to .remain -at
Nome' and face an arctic ".winter; deperid
ihg" upon charity ..*./;j^ \u25a0 : ':;-rJ.->MZ.-\i < ji.; **£%
r-jJTwp' ;jivore-i»ur<Sers'are 'added to .-the "list
df^eririiesMii 1 the' north. A"' man* named
Johnson who has been engaged hijfreight
ihg at Cbinikiwas found dead with.ahQle;
in his heaS'and ev;ery^hing.pointsJtormUr
der-'and- robberj'i-*as. :1 Johnsdh was^kridwn
to have had ! a' large/amount of m«ney; but
nlothing^was 1 found' bnhis-person orji'mong.
his effects.- The. tragedy occurred at'Chi
nik October"!*. *- .\u25a0'\u25a0"• \u25a0•.'••: -- \u25a0\u25a0•/•;/,;• '.
PORT TCiWNSEND, Oct. 27.— Two
steamers arrived from Nome.. to-rday,. the
Senator, with 525 passengers, ; and the/Ga
ronne, with 700. The Senator salled^from
Nome. October 19 and for several (lays be
fore sailing' the icy fetters of winter had
fastgned themselves .' in the '.vicinity of
Nome. Snow wasfalling and preparations
were, being made for a long cold -winter.
Whea the . Senator • left "; the >- steamship
Queen was'at Nome and the Roanoke was
at St. \u25a0 Nicholas/ : and f. • furious \u25a0 northern
SILL BURH EFFECTS OF C10LE0SZ
SAN JOSE, Oct. 27.— H. L. Elliott of
Oxnard. Cal.. at 10. o'clock to-night shot
7.W. Sherman in a brothel at 71 North
Market street, and In half an hour Sher
man was dead, not having spoken Intelli
gibly after the shooting.
Elliott, who is a native of Lancashire.
England, and a little less than 22 years
old, says that he shot Sherman because
the latter had placed his (Sherman's) wife
in a house of ill-fame. Elliott, in ex
planation of his interest in the matter,
says that in San Francisco five years
ago beside the dead father of Bessie Bray,
then 13 years old, and in the presence of
her mother, he raised his right hand and
swore that v.o harm should ever befall the !
girl. Though boy and girl, they wer«
plighted lovers. He says about a ; ;year
ago the- girl married J. W. Sherman.
Three weeks ago while at Oxnard, he, 1
heard that the cirf was in trouble,- and
•went at once to San Francisco. \u25a0 ThereJiw ,
was informed that she and Sherman had
disappeared. - ' w
"".Elliott says* that after two wefekK* 1
search-^. In -San Francisco he yesterday
learned that Sherman and his wife": were
in San Jose, and that he came here oi
an early train, arriving at noon. An hour
later he met Sherman on the street and
Sherman, under compulsion, admitted to
him that his wife was leading, a life oi
Fhame. In the evening, he says,' he ac
companied Sherman to the house,' and
•when he met the girl was overcome and
drew his pistol to shoot himself, i ' Shei
man ran toward him, apparently t'o'selze
the weapon, when Elliott changed., his
mind and shot Sherman. -'\u25a0 -*
* •
Friend of Young Wife
Shoots and Kills Her
Husband.
Nome Is Now in the
Clutch of Northern
Winter.'
PATH SPURS
HIM TO CRIME
Death Penalty Inflicted on Prisoners
Who Were Caught While Wear- "
ing Khaki Uniforms.
LONDON. Oct. 28.— The South African
jnail brings news that several Boers who
"were captured wearing khaki- uniforms
were court-martialed and shot.
Commandant Theron crossed the Cape
Town lines, west of Touwse River station,
September 23.
BOEB.S SHOT TO DEATH /gtfr.
BY ENGLISH CAPTORS
ICE FETTERS
ALASKA TOWNS
The young women were engaged in
washing clothes at a creek, a short dis
tance from the house, when one of them
saw. a large" panther in the brush within
four yards of them. The big beast was
crouched close upon the ground, waving
its tail and its glaring eyes were riveted
on the two girls.
Miss Carter, who saw the panther first,
dashed an armful of clothes into the face
of the monster cat. The panther then
sprang and tried to flght. The two women
picked up stones and for a short time
there was a brisk \u25a0 battle:- -The beast,
baffled and surprised at being so unex
pectedly attacked, skulked away into the
woods; • ' • ......
•-At the same place, one -year ago, two
panthers attempted to carry away the
little babe of Mrs. Liouls Bolle, but were
driven away by the plucky woman. It
is supposed that the panther that made
its appearance yesterday is one of the
former visitors. - ' _•>
GRANTS PASS, Or., Oct. 27.— News has
been received here from the Judge Hanna
farm, near Meadows,, east of this city,
of the attack upon two girls, Miss Anna
Carter and Miss Myrtle Love, by a huge
panther, yesterday morning, and their
battle with the fierce smimal.
Special Dispatch to The. Call.
The company has a gold mine' there arid
hired forty Mexicans. A dispute arose as
to the working of a contract. . •\u25a0
The Mexicans took the camp by storm,
destroyed the- surveying- transit and blew
up the outfit with dynamite. The three
Americans there drew guns and by keep
ing a sentry posted all the time -saved
their lives.
PASADENA, Oct. 27.— Allen. Jones of the
Esperanza Mining Company came here to
day with a thrilling story of an 1 adventure
on Cedros Island, 300 miles south of San
Diego and sixty miles off the coast of
Lower California: ••\u25a0 V
Special Dispatch to The ' Call.
Moist Clothes Hurled at the
Animal Prevent a. .
Tragedy.
Americans Draw Weapons
and Escape ith Their
Exciting Conflict at a
Farm in Southern- -
\ Oregon.
Mexicans Make Attack
on Mining Company's
Property.
WRECK CAMP
WITH DYNAMITE
GIRLS BATTLE
WITH PANTHER
f DUB ESCAPE
IN THE STORM
GALE WRECKS
THEIR HOMES
Prisoners in the Ukiah
Jail Regain Their
Liberty. *
Rope Made of Sea Grass Mat
Found Hanging From
the Roof.
Indians in- Northern Vil
]ages Suffer From
a Storm.
Skaguay Steamers Seek Shel
.-, ter From -Roughest of -:
" . "v : '\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0 .-•- , ;^Seas. '\u25a0\u25a0
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C.', Oct. 27.— The se
verest storm- of the season broke over the
northern coast last week and for three
days shipping was nearly at a standstill.
Skaguay steamers were forced to :seek
shelter, and 'the steamers New England
and' Capltano, .which arrived ; here.- \u25a0? this
evening, report that the sea ? was. -i the
roughest" seen on the north ; coast>fop, a
year. ... ,'' - \u25a0 . .; /\u25a0-:;;
During Tuesday, night, wh'en-'the gale
from the westward was at its, height
heavy' seas' broke over the Uapitaho" and
she was in much danger of! being*caxried
on the rocks.' The New England cruised
around for five days before she found : it
possible to lower her boats* and
was reported a week overdue when she
arrived in port this evening. . • '*.-.;"'\u25a0•
"The" greatest damage was done at Port
Esslngtoh, Just above the Indian village
of Inverness. - There the building of the
Church. Qf England had been leveled by
the storm and half a dozen other build
ings were blown over and pieces of their
roofs scattered for half /a'~in~lle "up""the
river.
The gale struck the -little "town~ late • in
the afternoon and raged all might. The
Indians, becoming alarmed at the"shak
ing of their frail houses, luckily gathered,
in the cannery warehouses, else many of
them would probably have perished. All
the way alo.ng the 'Skeena, River,- as *the
Capltano ran in for a cargo -of packed'
salmon, there were evidences -of the -de
struction -wrought by the storm. Trees
were blown over and the stream was filled
with debris. The .people were hard. at
work rebuilding their wrecked - houses
when the steamer left for Vancouver.
Breclal Dispatch to The Call.
UKIAH, Oct. 27,— This morning such
early risers as chanced to stroll aroun-J
the Courthouse square in this city; no
ticed a long-rope pendant ftfom, the roof
of the, County Jail and reaching to the
ground. An investigation followed,, an.1
it -was- discovered that four prisoners haJ
escaped i from Jail during the night. The
surprise was- great, as heretofore the jail
has been considered perfectly safe.
The- four- who escaped' were' George Mi
chael, awaiting trial for horse stealing;
Fred 'Housman, awaiting trial for for- :
gery; Jim Dempsey, serving time for petty
larceny, and Lorenzo Jeff, a half -tree J
.Indian, committed for battery. Five other
prisoners; refused to escape. . ." \u25a0.*'. '\u25a0-.
The manner of escape .was ingenious
but simple. . .Within the main room of the
Jail there, is a targe cage of crossed bats
of steel, and into this tne cells open. On
three sides thU cage does not touch the
wall. Trie prisoners were not locked in
their cells, but were allowed the joint
use of the Jarge space of the cag. j .
Along the east end .of the cage is a
movable bathtub. A few days ago the
cement floor beneath -this tub was broken
up to "fix some defect in the plumbing,
.and the broken part was mended with
fresh cement.
' Removing the tub, the prisoners, with
a wire shovel and caseknives, dug and
broke-out. a hold in. the cement and crawl
ed urider the steel 'grating to the corridor,
which-, surrounds the cage. They found a
large sea-grass mat of the kind which la
first made into a kind of rope and then
coiled from the- center outward. Cutting
the stitches which held this together,
they coiled a strong 1 rope some sixty f e ;t
long. Next' they, climbed to the top o^
the cage, threw the rope over the steel
girders, about twelve feet above, and
pulled tnemselves up. Standing on the
girders, they opened a pane of the sky
light, climbed ro the roof, let down their
rope on the outside and . descended hand
under hand.
They broke through the cement floor
about 9 o'clock, but did not complete the
escape until about 2 o'clock this morning,
'as reported by the remaining prisoners.
The night was very stormy, and on ac
count of a burned-out dynamo the streets
were not lighted. It was a most favorable
night for the attempt. Sheriff Smith im
mediately sent deputies out on all roads,
but at this, hour none of the escaped men
have been overhauled.
DXJCTHESS OF MANCHESTER
Y GIVES BIRTH TO DAUGHTER
Both the Mother and Child Are He
' ported to Be Doing .^
, . ' "Well. c
LONDON, Oct. 28.— The Duchess of
Manchester, (who was Miss Helen Zim
merman of Cincinnati), was accouched of
a daughter yesterday. Both the mother
and child are doing well. The infant will
receive the names Mary Alva Montagu.
AGED MOTHER; AND SON". ,
VICTIMS OF POISONERS
Another Son and Daughter Are Under
the Surveillance of; the .
Police.
SOUTH BEND. Ind., Oct. 27.— Lying
unconscious in their home in this city,
RI-s. Rebecca Webb and her son, Charles,
were found to-day, evidently suffering
from slow corrosive poisoning. The
young man died to-night, and his
mother cannot live. \u25a0 '
Grant Webb, a brother of Charles, who,
it is alleged, was ordered from home sev
eral days ago, is under arrest and his
sister, Cora, aged 20, is under police sui>
veillance. She says she does not believe
Grant. poisoned the family's food. Physi
cians assert that Charles Webb died or
s!ow corrosive poisoning.
CONFESSES TO KTT.T.TTTG :
A BOY FOB HIS MONEY
Murderer Surrenders to the Polico
and Tells Where the Body : ;- 7
\u25a0 -Is Secreted.
MONTREAL, Oct. 27.-"I killed a boy
last, night," said Tobln Hanson, a Dane,
\u25a0twenty- five years of age, to the officer
In charge as he entered -the Central Po
lice' station' to-day.. \u25a0> VI -killed' him for
money and I only got 'fifty cents.. That "is
not-enough so I came.td give -mysejf up."
j iHanson. described, the. locality in which
the- deed - had been .committed • and -the po
lice found ..the boy's body. It was identi
fied as that of, Samuel Marotte, -a son of
Samuel Marotte, a well known spice and
coffee merchant. • -. \u25a0 -
DENVER, Oct. 27.— Governor Orman to
day, received-^ telegram' from, Game Com
missioner'Harris, who has; been at. Meek
er. Colo., for several days in consultation
with Indian Agent Myton, saying that
Agent Myton and ; 150 "of the Ute Indians
from his reservation in Utah had started
for the reservations yesterday afternoon.
Agent Myton decided to. accompany them
as far as the Utah line.
"Ute Indians Return to Reservation.
. .VIENNA, Oct. " 27.— Twenty-three per
sons have been eaten by wolves, says the
Neuse Welner Journal, while working in
the' fields near Wilebsk, Poland.
Fieldhands Eaten by "Wolves.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 27.— Elaborate and
impressive exercises attended the bless
ing and unveiling 1 of new statues at the
Cathedral cf the Blessed \u25a0 Sacrament this
morning 1 ,': Bishop Grace officiating'. \u25a0 The
statues -were imported from Germany and
adorn the'hlgh altar. Zangarellls" mass
was given by the full cathedral choir
augmented by vocal • soloists and a full
stringed orchestra. The cathedral was
crowded at the ceremonies,, \u25a0which were
of a-. solemn' character. • The priests of
the diocese resident ? of Sacramento as
sisted : in the high mass. . .
Statues -Blessed in Cathedral.
THE SAN:FEANCISCO;(DA:LL,.: MONDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1901.
Hairie Ben Ayad, the Day^hter of a Former Otto
man Minister to France^Will Institute a: Move
mentto Eradicate Polygamy in Her Native Land
TURKISH PRINCESS IS COMING
TO VISIT ME UNITED STATES
2
pOL^nrrcAL.
J'/YO T^ Ti II O T f\ Y\ I AT
IIVLPB-I V II Ik Iv
k» Democratic Nominee. «. .
CITY ATTORNEY,
Judge J.E. Barry
Regular Republican Nominee.
Edw'd J, Smith
_ Rejriibiiaui Nominee.
FOR TAX COLLECTOB,
Joseph Fassler
\u25a0...';\u25a0; Democpatic; Nominee, \u25a0{
Weekly IJalt $1 Year
JORMAYOB,
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE! ;
-;-. ':"FOit:,.V, ;:;-,: .-\u25a0'-
AUDITOR
-\u25a0; --'\u25a0\u25a0 Regular Republican Nominee.
\u25a0-! .-•:.-': VOTE FORjJ,
JOHN|pRNfl^ffl
. 0 \u25a0' :t ~: \u25a0."•' •-\u25a0 = \u25a0\u25a0'"— FOR— \u25a0' ,V \u25a0 \u25a0'.""\u25a0'
PUBIJC 7\DMJNIStRAT0R. I
• '.'•-\u25a0 republican; nomineb. .-. ..
VOTE • FOR ' .
BBOLAND, :
\u25a0 Democratic . Nominee for '- \u25a0 \u25a0
PUBLIC ADMlNIbTRATOR
(Incumbent.).
APVEBTISEMENTS. T
My RHEUHATISn CURE Is Just as j
certain to cure rheumatism as water
Is to quench thirst. No matter what
part of the body the pain may be Irv I
or whether it is acute or chronfc.T
nUNYON'S RHEUflATlSn CURE
will drive it out in a few hoars* and
fully cure in a few days.— flUN YON.
Manyon's Dyspepsia Care will cure any case of
indigestion or stomach trouble.
Ninety per cent, of kidney complaints, including
the earliest stages of Bright'* Disease, can be cured
with Manyon's Kidney Cure.
Munyon sCatarrh Cure will cure catarrh of the head,
; throat and stomach, no matter of how Ion? standing.
., Nervous aSectionsanddiseases of the heartarecon-
] trolled andcnred by Munyon'sNerve and HeartCure.
' Mnnyon'sCoId Cure will break upany form of co!d.
: Manyou's Vitalizer restores lost powers to wealt
: men. Price $1.9 jj^
The Galde to Health (free) tells about diseases '
and their cure. Get it at any drug store. The Cures
are all on tale there, mostly at 95 cents a vial.
Munyon. New York and Philadelphia. )
MUTTONS IXH ILER CUBES CATAKBH.
I
Oriental
Rug
Sale. . .
We 'offer our entire line' of
beautiful Oriental Carpets,
Rugs and Curtains at {
25 % Discount
from regular prices. < V :
Gfias. Mi Plum & Co.
I30W307 MARKET ST.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STr/\TE7V\ElNT
—OF THE>—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
London Assurance!
Corporation I
(INCORPORATED A.D. 172O)
OF LONDON, ENGLAND. ON THE HST
day of December, A. D. 1900, and for th»
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed aa per
blank furnished by the Commissioner: '
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned .by Company $1,990,973 Tit
Cash In Company's Offlce 1.473 04 J-
Cash In Banks 233,419 37
Interest due and accrued on all - \u25a0
Stocks and Loans. . t 5.SS3 53 ?'
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 201.267 23 i
Bills receivable, not maturea, taken .
-for Fire and Marine Risks 132 73 \
1 Due from other Companies for Rein- .
i aurance on losses already paid..... 14,514 81
Total Assets ES.447.g77 08
INABILITIES* . ~~!
Losses adjusted, and unpaid J33.S01 00
Losses in process of Adjustment - or -
In Suspense 51,308 00
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 17.700 09
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- .
ning one year or less. $610,792 69;
reinsurance 50 per cent " 30S.I3S 33
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, JS80,-
801 13: reinsurance pro rata 438,525 85
Gross Premiums on Marine Time ~
Rlska. I : reinsurance SO
percent ..., 35,353 13
Amount reclalmable by the insured ..
on perpetual Fire Insurance pol-
All other' iiab'uities :; .-.L" 98.405 2>3>J
Total Liabilities .$1,038,667 33/
INCOME. ===
Net cash actually received for Fire.
premiums -••••- • 1354,630 93
Set cash actually received for Ma- i -
rine premiums 348.505 54
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources ... 73.519 28
Received from all other sources X... 2,845 29
Total Income ' $1,273,498 04
EXPENDITURES. '- v
Net amount paid" for Fire Losses i
(including f , losses of pre- \u25a0 -
vlous years) ........ . i -...,.,. ........ $515,852 IS I
Ket amount paid for Marine Losses
(Including $ losses of pre- r *
vlous years) 193,75125
Paid or allowed for Commission or «
Brokerage .,. 201.728 17
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 83.(27 S3
Paid for State.- National and Local
taxes w 44,579 33
All other payments and expenditures 83.301 43
Total Expenditures $1.100.333 90
Losses Incurred during the year $721,343 43
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the :
year $111.334.5.74 $1,053.347 00
Net amount of Risks - . . . \ « -. \u25a0 <x
expired during the
year 1U.W4.813 J87.J1S IS
1 Net amount In force
December 81. 1900.. . 1SJ.O9«.8U 1.491.777 O
>..-•.. \u25a0 Marine Risks. Premium*.
Net amount of Risks . - v f
written during the ...
year $10L9S4.751 $840.523 34
Net amount of Risks
expired during - the ,<•-''\u25a0 '
year 99,823,853 . 835,137 51
Net amount la force \u25a0'* - . «
December 81. 1900.. 8.808.264-1- 85.353 13
CHARLES L. CASE. Manager,
t Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th
day of January. 1901. KMIL FRENKEL.
" Notary PubUo.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
221 SANSOME ST.,
San Francisco., v
GEO. ; F. GRANT - Manager.
' < %• w BI * Ola ft Bon-pobenaO
rem«dy for GonorrhasJ,
SJ 6 **' Spermatorrhcei,
CURES Whites, unnatural d:*«
Egg* in 1 to $ d»j*. IB charges, or any inflamnif
fXV G»»i»atwd m \u25a0 tlon, irritaUon or ulcera-
W~ \u25a0f'rmiT — "t'-iu . "tton of mucoai men-
N °""^°'flSlor sent in plain wrarpor.
JjBjftv 0 - 3 -- 1 - JSa by eipreoa, prepaid, for
»1.00, or 3 bottle»,H3-:^
o H Circular sent on nq.uu'~
\u25a0: : _[: \u25a0- .. : . : — %
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican remedy;, gives health aaa
strength to sexual organs. Depot, 123 JlarMfcThe best ' preaching; for '- the times is
preaching for the eternities. /
Special Bates
For side rides ; to ; points on the Santa Fe.
Open to holders of Episcopal Church Con
vention . tickets,; , friends accompanying
and holders ' of ; nine months', • excursion
tickets.' Dates .of sale,- September 23 to
November 10 inclusive. - ; Limit 30; day*.
For timetables," descriptive literature and
full Information call at Santa .Fe. offices,
641 Market st.y and: ferry depot.
\ SANTA CRUZ,' Oct. - 27.— In* a collision
betweentwo electric cars to-day Chief of
Police Rawle was thrown from a seat and
had one of hi» legs and his* head bruised.
Motorman Gallagher, was bruised on .the
head.' None of the bruises are serious... \
Injured in a Car, Collision:
PACIFIC /3ROVE. Oct. ; 27.— While
switching cars' composing • the Del Monte
express at ' this place this afternoon pre
paratory to making up the San Francisco
excursion train, two cars of the express
were derailed and considerable damage
was done to the track. \ '• i
Derailed Cars Damage Track.
SAN RAFAEL. Oct. 27.— The 6:15 nar- ;
row-gauge train from this city to " Sausa
lito this morning met with an accident at
Escalles. As the train was pulling: into
the station the rear axles of the engine
broke. This threw the forward truck of
the baggage car off the rails. No one was
injured. • \u25a0; t.. \u25a0
k .'.'-V j -~' \u25a0; — '\u25a0 — • — \ \u25a0
Accident to Train. in Marin.
PASADENA, Oct. 27.— Edwin Cawston,
proprietor of the South Pasadena ostrich
farm, received a telegram yesterday that
seventeen ostriches from Abyssinia are
now in New York en route here to improve
the breed. They are valued at $1000 a pair
and were secured in barter with natives
of the Nubian Desert. They are the only
birds of this variety In the United States.
Valuable Ostriches Coming West.
It is striking- that German workers have se
cured a large order in Cuba, which Is a natural
market for the United States. However, the
fact should be emphasized that the price which
the . German \u25a0 manufacturers conceded leaves ] a.
little, if any, profit. . . ....-•-. .. • . \u25a0
American railroad • shares were: firmly
held throughout the week until yesterday,
especially \u25a0\u25a0• Northern .-Pacific, upon the
strength of the expected combination, but
yesterday they were heavily offered • in
consequence of the latest advices from
It Is a favorable factor for our industry that
the American iron works arc usually well em
ployed and scarcely able to take further or
ders. Naturally this 'reduces the other sharp
competition of the United States in the mar
kets of the world and gives the German Indus
try a freer field. \u25a0 \u25a0 • • \u25a0 ; \u25a0 . . «-'\u25a0•;
An instance of the way South African
news is being "doctored" for the benefit
of the public and the Stock Exchange was
afforded when the papers all announced
in large headlines that one British column
had brought in 250 prisoners to Kleerks
dorp, October, 17. Following .this sensa
tion was a Cape Town message saying
that the net result of sweeping operations
by four or five British columns through
tne Kustenburg region during the live
months prior to OciODer 17 had been the
capture of 250 fugitives, thirty-seven of
whom nad guns.
The public, however, remains aloof of
the titock Exchange, leaving the profes
sionals .-to scaip fractions out of one an-
Home rails continued fairly firm durfng
the week, and Americans furnished some
interest, rising in response to New York
quotations, but there -was- little actual
trading. . .
Consols, always a reliable barometer,
fell 1 11-16 points.
liEKx^lN. «^ct. i7. — Last week the Boerss
had a quiet and • uneventful experience,
with no considerable changes -of quota
tions In any department.' .?•',\u25a0;"
Several weeks now having passed with
out freshsrevelations of business disaster,
the opinion is gaining ground that the
most critical stage ot the economic dis
ease has been passed. Accordingly, indus
trial securities fairly maintained quota
tions throughout the weex. Altnougn the
Cologne Volks Zeitung denies that" the
German iron industry shows the slightest
Improvement in any branch the most re
cent sales in Great Britain and the
United States have made a good impres
sion. The Boersen Courier learns that the
Americans have recently taken 15,000 ad
ditional tons of spiegelisen; . . .
Referring to the situation in the United
States the Frankfurter Zeitung says: _
LONDON, Oct. 27.— The Stock Exchange
had another dull / experience last weeK,
without any appreciably brighter outlook
for the near future. The money market
was the most interesting: feature of the
situation. The threatened drain of gold
to Paris materialized and the open market
rate responded, advancing from 2% to 3.
A considerable quantity of gold was taken
out of the bank, creating some popular^de
mand and an increase in the offlciaUrate
of discount f
In view of the fact that the gold reserve
Is now under £25,000,000, an advance in the
rate is very probable,, but there is noth
ing to indicate when it will be made. The
same factors which deterred speculation
In the week previous continued to operate
thi* week. Chief among these was the
South African situation, every heavily
censored cable report »rom that point be
ing eagerly, scanned in the hope of favor
able developments, but in some Instances
without result. ".'.-,
It Is announced that the international zinc
price arrangement has been, frustrated
owing to the- refusal of the Sileslan cdn
cerns-to restrict production. .
The following. trade statistics for Sep
tember show imports aggregating 3,953,539
tons, or a decrease of 376,197, tons, and ex
ports 2,785,755'tons, or an. Increase of. 72,126
tons.", • - . ' : " .
The monthly settlement has begun under
markedly easy money circumstances. The
remaining 47,000,000 marks of the Russian
Railway loan of 80,000,000 ?marks ', will be
subscribed ..Wednesday next. -\u25a0:,
New York, Northern Pacific closing . at
102%. Qanadian Pacific closed at 108%.'"
The statement of the Reichsbank yester
day showing an Improvement" in the note
reserve of 101,000,000 marks "made a, good
impression, but it did not influence quota
tions: The National Zeitung says the
bank has received 35.000,000 marks in Brit
ish sold during the last five weeks. - :
After attacking Senor Silvela, the Con
servative leader, for advocating an alli
ance between France and Spain, Senor
Romero attacked General Weyler for in
specting the forts in the neighborhood- of
Gibraltar without due cause. He declared
that these actions were "imprudent and
dangerous as tending to create an'appre
hension. In a powerful country which has
always advocated Spanish predominance
in Morocco." . . \u25a0 . \u25a0 v
El Pals asserts that Senor Sasrasta will
shortly resign the Premiership owing to
ill health.
General Weyler's speech largely occu
pied public attention in view of the po<s
sibiliiy that he may become Premier- If
Benor Sagasta, whose health is Indiffer
ent, shouiu ilnd It necessary to retire. 1S1
lmparcial remarks • that '.'a dark cloul
enshrouds General Weyler since the de
bate." • : ; .
I am a politician and a Liberal, but before
all I am a soldier; and if it should become
necessary I will defend our Institutions and
Parliament.
Senor Romero rejoined:
I take -note of the declarations of the Min
ister of War on the subject o( a. dictatorship.
Loud and prolonged uproar interrupted
the Minister of War, and several of his
Finlsteriai colleagues were unable to re
strain expressions of surprise at his
v.-ords. Resuming, Weyler baid:
. I have always faithfully observed discipline,
and he who talks of dlctatorthip Is the enemy
cf discipline. Our recent maneuvers have
proved that good feeling exists between the
people and the army, as for dictatorship, no
one thinks of such a thing. Dictators are the
offspring of circumstances. For myself I may
Kay this: I huve never thought of being one,
nor do I now. Nevertheless, If -my aid were
asked at a moment of gravity I do not know
how I should decide between my political and
military duties, but I should always incline to
ward the latter.
MADRID, Oct. 27.— During yesterday's
sitting of the Spanish Chamber of Depu
ties, which proved sensational, Senor
Romero y Robledo cleverly led the Min
ister of War, General Weyler, to define
his attitude and intentions. General Wey
ler declared that while the war in Cubi
lasted his views were totally distinct
from those of the Liberal party, but that
when the war was at an end the motive
for separation disappeared and he saw
nothing to prevent him attaching him
self to a Liberal Government. Weyler
said:
Remarkable Statement
Made Before Cham
ber ot Deputies.
News From South Africa
Deters Speculators
From Investing.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 27.— The William
McKinlty National Memorial Arch Asso
ciation to-day Issued this statement to
the public: \
President McKlnley's memory is enshrined In
the hearts of his countrymen. But their un
exampled affection demands exprestion in a
material memorial, national in character, to
be erected at the national capital, the scene
of his greatest labors and achievements. The
William McKlnley National Memorial Arch
Association has been incorporated . under the
laws of the District of Columbia to meet this
desire by the erection of a national memorial
arch in honor of President McKlnley in the
city of Washington bx national popular sub
scription. \u25a0 ,
President Roosevelt haa accepted honorary
membership in the association.
It is proposed to place the memorial arch
preferably at the Washington approach! to tha
memorial bridge across the Potomac connect
ing Washington with Arlington, which Presi
dent McKlnley. earnestly desired and recom
mended to Congress as "a monument to
American patriotism."
Contributors to Its fund will be made mem
bers of the William McKlnley National Me
morial Arch Association. The treasurer, Hon.
Lyman J. Gage, Secretary of the Treasury of
the United States, Washington, D. C. will re-,
celve all contributions and will forward cer
tificates of membership of all contributors.
Contributions of money may be handed to po«t
maeterH, managers of telegraph, telephone and
express offices or deposited with banks or other
financial Institutions and newspapers. They
are hereby authorized and requested to receive
and transmit contributions to the treasurer.
The association heartily Invites and confidently
expects the co-operation of Governors of States
and Territories, the Mayors of cities and all
other public officials, of the press of the coun
try, of the churches, colleges and schools and
of all organized cities, and requests that they
will take Immediate action to promote its ob
jects by making and securing subscriptions.
All communications except remittances should
be addressed to Thomas F. Walsh, secretary,
Washington, p. C
The association is in entire sympathy
with* the proposition to erect a suitable
memorial to the- late President at his
grave In Canton, Ohio. '.
WEYLER CAUSES
STIR IN SPAIN
It May Be Erected at the
Approach to Poto
mac Bridge. ;.'
PAST RUNNING TBAIN
CRASHES INTO A TEA&t
Three Occupants of the Wagon Are
Instantly Killed and One Fatally
Injured.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Oct. 27.— Three
persons were killed and one seriously in
jured by being struck by the 4:20 p. m.
train en route to Chicago on the Chlcagj
Milwaukee and St. Paul road while driv
ing over a grade crossing at OakwooJ,
a ffmall town fi'teen miles south of here,
this afternoon. The dead:
MARY BONZEL.
JOE POLIFSKI.
ANNE KENTER.
Seriously injured: Martha Bonzel.
Manchurian-Siberian Railway.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 27.—Accord
ing to a dispatch to the Novoe Vremya
from Vladivostok, General Grodo
koff. accompanied by the Russian Assist
ant Minister of Finance. M. Romenon*.
•will soon open the Manchurian-Siberian
Railway.
LONDON MARKET
CONTINUES DULL
WORD has just been received
from Chicago telling of the
business failure of Clay
Clement, or Clement L.
Geiger, as the well-known act
or is billed in the records of the bank
ruptcy department \u25a0 of -the United States
District Court. His liabilities were placed
at $16,400 and his assets at $9900.
The names of thirty-seven creditors ap
pear in the schedules, - most of them be-
ing former members of Clement's com
panies, printers and advertisers. One of
the creditors is W. A. Clark Jr. of Butte,
Mont., who holds the actor's note for
51500. The assets consist principally- of
scenery and costumes in various theaters.
Another 'item is the copyright of a play,
"With Other Eyes," valued at $1000.
Clay Clement is well known all over the
Pacific Coast and has many friends and
acquaintances in San Francisco. His last
appearance here was about eighteen
months ago, when, \u25a0 with his own com
pany, he presented "The New Dominion"
and "The Bells" at the Columbia Theater.
At the close of that engagement he toured
Australia with Nance O'Neill. Clement
was interested -with McKee-Rankln in a
stock company at the Alcazar about seven
years ago. He was well known in Seattle,
where he was for a considerable time
leading man in Cordray's stock company.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 27. — Brigadier
General Fred C. Ainsworth. chief of the
record and pension office, in his annual
report to the Secretary of War, shows
that 1S1.962 cases were received and dis
posed of during the fiscal year. His re
port relates mainly to records of officer*
and soldiers kept for the army arid the
pensiOTT^ffice. It also deals with medals
of honor, as the record of soldiers re
ceiving medals are furnished the proper
officers through General Ainsworth's re
«au. H«- reviews at Some length the
subject of medals of honor and the laws
under winch, tney are granted. General
A Ins worth says the past year has wit
nessed the practical completion of the
work, so many years In progress, of thi
publication of 'he official records of the
Union and Confederate armies during the
Civil War. They make a total of 125,730
pages of text.
and "Will Soon Be Issued by
the Government.
The "Work Is Practically Completed
RECORDS OF THE TJNTON
AND CONTEDEBATE ARMIES
WELL KNOWN ACTOR WHO HAS
QUIETED CREDITORS THROUGH
INSOLVENCY COURT. .
MEMORIAL ARCH
IN WASHINGTON
Lieutenant Louis Van Schaalk: reports
that in an attack "by insurgents on the
municipal police and. scouts at Sabang
one scout was killed- and two of the po
lice were captured. The insurgents cap
tured two Krag-Jorgensen rifles, two
shotguns and 200 rounds of ammunition.
Lieutenant Van Schaalk has been or
dered to occupy the Barrio or suburb of
Sabang.
MANILA, Oct. 27.— Naval Cadet Love
man Noa has been killed at Nipa Nipa
by insurgents. "' He went- ashore to in-:
vestigate the smuggling of provisions and
was attacked by bolomeru His body, has
been recovered. :
Insurgents Attack Police* and Scouts
« at Sabang.
NAVAL CADET NO A KILLED.
KANSAS CITY. Oct. -27.— A telegram
from Beaumont,' Tex., says that the Apex
Oil Company has bought in the largest
gusher in the world. The well is on Spindle
Top Height. The Apex Company is a Kan
sas City organization. - •. . • ..
World's Greatest Oil Gusher.
MIDDLESBORO; Ky.. Oct. 27.— George
Mays was killed and. Joe Nail was
mortally wounded last night at the
Quarterhouse on the Tennessee line.
Mays . was killed by Nail, who received
his death wound at the hands of an un
known man. Several were engaged in
the fight. Mays is said to have killed
several men. . . ..."\u25a0-..
Killed During a General Bow.
ber of roads, involving the relative rates
applicable to Denver and Pacific Coast
points.- -George -K. Kinder and the Den
ver Chamber of Commerce are the com
plainants in these cases. •
MANILA Oct. 27.— The constabulary re-,
ports a fight with insurgents near Passl,
province of Hollo, Island of Panay, in
which, twenty-five insurgents were killed
and many captured," together with a quan
tity of arms'and ammunition. ..
; News from General Hughes regarding
conditions in Cebu is encouraging: * Lo
rega has surrendered with his entire force
and one cannon and , seven rifles, -while •
General Hughes is negotiating for the sur
render of Maxilot, who styles- himself
"Governor Politico Militar." His surren
der will mean the pacification of the prov
ince. The lack of food and : - the harassing:
effects of the aggressive. tactics now,pur
sued by the American forces. are \u25a0 having
their influence upon the natives. In many
places where' rice is doled out by 'the Gov
ernment .only, enough . is" given for "each (
meal, so that it is. hardly poss.ble for any"
large quantity to tlnd us way to the in
surgents, : . ... .-•. . ';' ;
It is believed that, the recent manifesta
tions on the island of'Saraur were chiefly
due to the .lack of food,, -trie insurgents
finding It necessary to maite outlets to the
coast in order to obtain supp;les. ,
The first labor problem growing out of
the new tariff has arisen, r A hat .and um
brella factory, employing 600 men, has
found it necessary to close. . The .'lawyers
are making a protest to the commission,
urging protection, as the same goods from
Germany can be sold at. half , the price it
costs to manufacture them "here:': ' .
\u25a0 Dispatches from Catbolgan, Samar, say
that stringent-' and : , energetic. 'measures
are being taken to suppress the insurrec
tion on that island. I General Smith has
notified all the presidents and head men
of the pueblos that. they. must'. surrender
all arms and turn, over the persons im
plicated in i the Balangiga; massacre be
fore November 6,c threatening . otherwise
the presidentes will be. sent. to the Island
of Guam, the villages destroyed and the
property - confiscated. ""Marines "under
Major Littleton \V. T. Waller have been
stationed- at Balangiga and Basey,' and
ten gunboats are vigilantly patrolling the
Samar coast. \u25a0 Most • of the towns. In the
southern part of the island have been
destroyed. . ' '
LONDON Oct. 28.-"It is officially an
nounced In St. Petersburg," says a special
dispatch from the Russian capital, "that
Russia and China have concluded an
agreement as to Manchuria."
Whether the outbreak predicted for the
future can be confined to one section of
Caina. as was that of 1900. seems to be
\u25a0doubtful.
When Senator Beveridge was in Shang
hai he interviewed a number of mission
aries who had visited interior points as
to the feelings of the people toward for
eigners. This feeling, bitter before the
Boxer outbreak, has grown more hostile
as a result of the conduct of the allied
powers. Mr. Beveridge asked them if they
feared another outbreak. All replied In
the affirmative. As to the;'tlme of its oc
currence, some said two. some three and
others five years. The last estimate was
regarded as extreme.
France has already begun the concession
irovement by negotiating a convention
with China in regard to railway rights in
lanunan. Germany has shown no dispo
sition to withdraw her garrisons at Shang
hai and her steamers are plowing Yang
tsse-Kiang River and are endeavoring to
take away from the English the trade of
the populous region watered by the
stream. Germany is also taking measures
to increase her interests in the province of
Shantung. \
Dangerous as such a condition would be
to the territorial Integrity of China, the
prospect of Its development Is not more
menacing to the Chinese entity than the
present attitude of certain European
powers. Pledged. as her revenues are to
the payment of the indemlty demanded by
the powers for the Boxer outrage, further
monetary demands upon China, for out
ri.ges committed upon foreigners cannot
be granted and concessions will have to
b« made instead. . These concessions. It is
apprehended here, \u25a0will take the form of
territorial grants.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET N
V,'., WASHINGTON, Oct. 27.-MissW
a:-ies in China who have had an opportu
rn.ty of gauging the temper of the people
•believe there will be a recurrence of the
Boxer outbreak in China, certainly within
fiie years. This is the alarming news now
in the possession of the State Department
as a result of representations believed to
h.ive been made by Special Commissioner
Rockhill.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Quick as a flash, Ferguson held a re
volver in each hand and started . for. the
door. A -hand-to-hand tight ensued, both
officers grappling with the, stranger, who
proved more than - a match for them:
Using his pistols as clubs, he fought his
way to the door and fled down' the street.
A passing ice wagon caught his atten
tion and tr«e three negro occupants \u25a0were
soon out of- his way. Then at a-terrlflc
clip the wagon sped across the-Cumber
land River .bridge into East Nashville, a
.fusillade- of shots following it.
'Out- Woodland street went .the . flying
team, .but a sudden, turn brought It to
grief— one of the horses fell and broke
his leg. But the fugitive /was not to be
delayed. Running across the -street, he
held up an old negro who was driving by
in a buggy and the flight was continued.
Proves Quick at Drawing.
clerk meanwhile delaying the giving of
change. Detectives Dwyer and Dickens
were soon on hand, and, approaching the
man,- demanded his name. " - \u25a0 , . .
"Ferguson," was the reply, • and after
another question or two Detective Dwyer
informed the. man that he was under ar
rest. '-. - •
Insurgent Chief Lctfega and
His Force Surrenders
• to Hughes.
G eneral Rising of Natives
May Occur Within the ::\u25a0;
Next Five Years.
Fights His Way Past Two, Nashville Detectives, Utilizes ah Ice Wagon, a
Buggy and a Riding Horse : in His' Flight, Shoots Dead Two Blood
hounds* Put Upon His Trail and Succeeds in Eluding His Pursuers
"WAWONA, Oct. 27.— Troop H, Fifteenth
Cavalry, broke camp this morning and
started on the return' march to the Pre
sidio. The troop will be joined at Madera
by Troop I. The troops have been under
the command of Major Louis A. Craig.
Many permanent \u25a0 improvements ' I have
been made in Yosemite Park. The most
important are the new trails into the
Hetch Hetchy Valley and a bridge across
the-Tuolumne River in' the Hetch Hetchy
Valley. It was necessary for Major Cralff
to remain here to personally inspect some
of the work now in progress, hence the
troops will Tse In command of Captain S.
C. Barnhardt in its march to San Fran
cisco. >
TBOOPS ABE COMING
- FROM -YOSEMTTE BEGIOtf
Many Important -Improvements Made
Along the Trails of the Fa
... 'mous Valley.
Out into the commons he sped. Once the
buggy overturned, but was quickly right
ed. Finally the tired horse was abandoned
and after a, run Into Shelby Park on
foot the supposed bandit obtained another
horse hitched at a point near the park.
Then after a sensational ride the horse
was left and the flight continued on foot.
Farther out the pursuers found two blood
hounds used in the chase shot to death
a short distance .apart,*«uid after that
trace of the man .was lost.
\u25a0 The Sheriff with another posse is out
to-night searching the country for *iie
missing man. When 1~b buggy was
doned the- man threw away a wallet «m
taining $1040 In tenand twenty dollar bills
of the ' Montana Bank. Chief of Police
Curran now has the money..
The woman. Annie Rogers, alias Maud
Williams, arrested here some days ' ago
with Montana Bank bills In her possession,
is still held at police headquarters. Every
effort to induce her to talk of herself has
proved. a failure, and she is now as much
of an enigma as she was on the day she
was anprehended. To-night she declared
she knew nothing of any man named Fer
guson, refusing- to discuss today's affair
beyond answering direct questions in a
negative manner. \u25a0 - • • .
\u25a0WASHINGTON... Oct. 27.— A number of
hearings on important freight tariff con
tests have been arranged .by the Inter
state Commerce Commission. Two will
be held in Chicago early next month. On
the 6th prox.' the 'Commission, will hear
the case of the National Hay Association
against the Lake Shore and other rail
roads, involving the classification of hay,
that article having been raised from
class 6 to class 5 in »the tariff sheets.
November 8 an investigation will be made
of, the grain rates from Illinois to joints
in the Mississippi valley. The Commis
sion, ory November 11, will, meet in Den
ver ana investigate cases against a num-
Several Important Freight Tariff
' - Contests Over Hay and Grain
Bates Are Filed.
APPEAL TO INTERSTATE
COMMERCE COMMISSION
. . .•\u25a0"\u25a0• - \u25a0 \u2666
r^ yASHVILLE, Tenn., 1 '. Oct. 27.-a"
r^k " I desperate man fought his way
\u25a0 I - clear of two city . detectives here-
A n to-day and, \u25a0 after , a thrilling
chase, made good his escape. In
his race for liberty he utilized a two-horse
wagon team, "ahorse and buggy and a rid
ing horse; ail forcibly taken,, while; two
dead bloodhounds marked the first portion
of his trail. -^ . ;
Officers believe : the man is one of the
gang that held up the" Great Northern
Express near Wagner, Mont., last June,
his: attempt to get change for a $29 bill
of the series obtained in \ that robbery . at
tracting the attention of the police to him.
•At. 10:30 •'/\u25a0.\u25a0o'clock this -morning a raw
boned man about 5 feet 10 inches in height,
with florid eomDlexlon, offered the bill in
payment for a small purchase made at a
store on the public square. . Difficulty- In'
making, the. change .caused the salesman
to closely notice the bill, which proved to
be one of the Montana Bank to which the
stolen bills were consiened.
The police were quietly notified, the
Americans Kill Twenty
# Five Filipinos and
Capture Many.
Rockhill Brings From
China Alarming
News.
FEARS A FUTURE
BOXER OUTBREAK
FIGHTA BATTLE
ON PANAY ISLAND
SUPPOSED MONTANA TRAIN ROBBER
ESCAPES AFTER A THRILLING CHASE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER : 28, 1901.
Well-Known Actor's Debts Amount to Considerable
Sum, His Creditors Are Numerous and His Assets
Limited! to Costumes and Copyright of a Play
CLAY CLEMENT FILES A PETITION
IN CHICAGO'S BANKRUPTCY COURT
3
There is a great deal of interest in
our $9 ready-to-wear sack suits. Some time ago we announced having received from our
workshopsNisDlentiful supply of $9 suits made in all the ;late weaves and patterns. Since then
the suits have created considerable interest. The customers found when they came to look
that the clothes were all wool, stylishly made by union labor, perfect fitting, substantial, desira-
ble and guaranteed., It is no wonder that the sales have been numerous. The clothes have
that pleasing effect that inspires immediate satisfaction. To insure future satisfaction : every
suit is fully guaranteed by us — your money back any time youjthink the suit not. worth the
The suits. are absolutely the best regular values we ever offered for money. We bought
the cloth. direct from the mills and made the clothes up for our retail trade in New York and
San Francisco, and for our wholesale trade'. We brought down the price by making the
clothes in such quantities. There is many a suit sold right, here in SanFrancisco for $12 or $15
that does not equal , .
our $9 ready^t6= i vveiar sack suits
Three days' special in child's clothes
This is the last day of this three-day special sale. The store wasjpell crowded Friday and Saturday
with the! eager buyers who realized what the values meant. There is stilla good assortment left in the suits,
but;you had better come early to-day. The suits are vestees and sailors, made of well-woven, strong mater-
ials, neatly trimmed in the latest style; they are chic little suits and are worth much more than the sale price,
which for to-day only is tf£'fl £\S. --';'" . '• : •
J&G&; k. - a y on ' y * which is the last day of the sale, the /J/JwS*' M'
#^Wwl™il™^M made ' agCS 4 tO l6 years i' if we made th e Pants \u25a0imf^^^^^SBSmk' ' '
l^^lllfi^ S 1^ 0 ; bein S mat^ fr ? m i\ emn . ants we charge you' M^ESlf MfJ^^ffl '
- \u25a0*,. \u25a0\u25a0 -wT \ .'\u25a0;.•.. Uvj- : * • '. . ..718 iVi£al'K©t\StPCCt»\' -\u25a0 :"'''.':' '. - ?•* \u25a0'\u25a0'. \u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0 '\u25a0\u25a0 ' ; ,v \u25a0."
advertisements:
CALIFORNIA I
LIMITED
I "THE SUPERIOR OF
Ej THEM ALL"
1 Everything that tends to
P speed, comfort, pleasure and
u ' luxury unlimited. Reserve
g[ berths for this famous train
|4! &t 641 Market. street.
I IT LEAYES EVERY MONDAY AND
I THURSDAY, 9.00 A.M., ON THE
| SANTA FE ,
DISORDERS £~\
MEN-M
f> Y KAR THE Cr.EAT-"yJ/ fSS£=^/\e9
*J' er number of patient* >~t \^t3 \\ -y\
seeking relief for so-called Af 7 - \ jfK/l // \u25a0
weakness are strong, \\ \/l j I //
robuet men In every other
renpecC Lobs of Vitality. \u25a0 Prematureness, etc..
ar* not weaknesses, but the symptoms of in-
f: a minatory processes In the Prostate • Gland
(so-called neck of bladder) caused by contracted
dinorders and too often repeated and • too long
continued excitement. Under our local plan of
tntatifent, directed toward " reducing the en-
laced and swollen Prostate, immediate re-
cults, a* Indicated by increased circulation and
re sewed ttrer.pt h. are observed. Our colored
chart of the organ*, which we . send free on
explication, is Interesting to any one wishing
"\u25a0• study tbe anatomy of the male.
DK. TALCOFT &.CC, 997 Market St.JULES VERNE, THE FAMOUS ROMANCER OF FRANCE, NOW IN HIS
SEVENTY-THIRD YEAR, WHO IS REPORTED TO HAVE BECOME
TOTALLY BLIND AT HIS HOME IN AMIENS.
MONDAY OCTOBER 28, 1901
JOHN C^^SPRECKELS^Propnetor^^^—^
littttt AH Commutations to W. 8. LEASE, Vtntgtr.
MANAGER'S OFFICES. ...... .Telephone Frew 204
I'CniJCATIOar OFFICE.. .Marie «?t «nd Third, S. F.
Telephone Press SOX.
EDITOBIAI< ROOMS 217 to 221 Stcremoa St.
Telephone Preaa 202.
• delivered by Carriers, IP Cent* Per "Weelt
SJnnrle Copies. S Cents.
Terms t>r Mail, Including Postage!
DAILY CAUj (includlEf Sunday), ont year ff.M
DAILY" CAXX> CJnelofllnr Bundty). • months............... s.M \u25a0
DAILT *"*t.t. (jncludlnjr Sunday}, t i~onth». .............. l.M
DAILT CAXir-By S!o«l* Month.... 6S0
F0NDAT CALL, On* Tear.................................... l.M
\TEEKLT r.AT.T N ou Tear........... MM .. MM ............... LM
•
All postmaster* are authorised to recetTO
' ' subscriptions.
' ' fluntfa eeplM will be torwarfieA whea.naoMted.
stall subscribers In ordering chase* ot address shoalA b*
s*rtiealar to air* both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In orfer
\u25a0e tBsor* a. prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAKD OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C GEORGE ICROG7TESS.
Xauger Foreign Adre rtising, Karjnette Building, Chicago.
' '\u25a0 : tUoaK Distance Telephone "Central 2819.") !
KEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CABLTO.f Herald Square
MEW TOP.K REPRESE5TAT1 ViSi
STEPHEN B. SMITH........ 30 Tribune Bnlldlnftr
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ebarman Koose: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
\u25a0Present Hoose: Auditorium HcteL , \u25a0 ' Y.
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano* SI Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHIVGTOX (D. C.) OFFICE}. . . .1406 G St.. 5. W.
MORTON' E. CRANE, Correspondent.
BRAICCH OFFICES — E27 Montromery. corner of Clay, open
onttl i:*8 o'clock. SOO Hayes, open until *:S0 o'clock.- 633
McAllister, open until 1:30 o'clock. fl5 Lorkln, open until
»:» o'clock. 18<1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
cornar Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1098 Valencia, open
ttnttl • o'clock. 1M Eleventh, open until 1 o'clock. HW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
Z200 Flllmore, open until 8 p. m.
AMUSEMENTS. , ~~
Grand Opera-house — "My lYi^nd From India."
.Alcazar—' 'Tennessee's 'Pardner."
Columbia— "The Henrietta." '
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
California— "Sporting Ufe."
Tlvoli — Paul Steindortt Testimonial.
Central— "The Great Northwest."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evenlnr.
Fischer" s — Vaudeville.
Sutro Baths — Open nights.
SUMMER RATES at i Hotel '\u25a0\u25a0: del Coronado.
Coronado Beach,, CaU. effective after April 15;
$60 for round j trip, I Including 15 ' days at hotel.
Pacific Coast S. S. Co.;" 4 New Montgomery st
BLACK HAWK-G. G. P., Seabright,
Cal. Macculimiskecacas, commonly called'
"Black Hawk." a chief of the Sac or
Sauk, nation of North American Indians
was born on Rock River In 1767. He was*
a Pottawatomie by birth, but was
brought up by the Sacs. When the Sacs
were driven from lower Lake Huron by
the. Iroauois they went to the region of
Green Bay, where- they were joined by
the Foxes, and afterward the two tribes
inhabited both sides of the Mississippi
River from Wisconsin to Missouri His
tory does not tell that Black Hawk ever
was in Florida. At one time when, his
tribe -was in great distress Black Hawk
went to St. Louis, Mo., for assistance
The Black Hawk war occurred in 1831
By a. treaty with chiefs of the Sacs "and
Koxes at Prairie du Chien July 15 lgao
their land east of the Mississippi wa ,'
ceded to the whites. Black Hawk refused
to consent and in 1831 made an attack on
some Illinois villages and the following
year massacred whites. He was defeated
at Wisconsin River July 31, 1832, and again
(August 2 at Bad Ax, River, when he was
cr.ptured | and the war ended. > He was
confined at Jefferson Barracks. Mo an*
in April, 1833. he was, with other chief a
taken to Washington, Fortress Monroo
Baltimore via Norfolk, . Gosport and
Portsmouth. Philadelphia. New Tork Ai
bany.Buffalo. Detroit, Chicago and Fort
Armstrong, on the upper Mississippi
where he was restored to freedom after
having promised never to raise his hand
against the whites. He was taken on the
tour described to give him *an Idea of the
importance of the country. / He died Octo
ber. 3, 1838," on the Des Koines River.
BIG GUNS— G. V. T.. Oakland, Cal. ,It
is claimed that a thlrteen-inch gun on
board of a war vessel could be loaded and
fired twice a minute, but such would not
be the case in an engagement.^ While
rapidity is . desired, accuracy must be
taken Into consideration. Shots from a
thlrteen-lnch gun are not fired off as art
firecrackers, just to make a noise. It Is
the aim of the officers in charge to make
each shot tell. During the battle off San
tiago, the vessels "of the United States
navy fired one round from eight-inch gun
once in four minutes.
TWO RUNS-F. S. S., City. In cribbage
it matters not in what order cards are
played in order to count a run, so long
as trie cards can be counted in consecu
tive order, without an intervening card
appearing. If the play was 6—3—7—4—3
that makes a run of five because the
cards can be counted 3, 4, 5, 6, 7. If the
next play was. a duce then there would
be a run of 6. If however a oard that
would not make a sequence, as for in
stance there had been played a trey or a
ten after the seven, there would not have
been a run.
An Ilford_ correspondent has just had a
card left upon him, and has sent it to us.
It is an ordinary visiting card, hearing, on
the front, . "The Lord Jesus Christ." In
the left hand 1 corner,' usually devoted, to
the address;' is "$In Heaven, 4 you Inter
ceding." On the is printed the
name of John Kensit. We think it bet
ter to add no comment.* To take It seri
ously'.would be flattery, of v the' name.on
the back, and ! the obvious jest : ; would
add a further; insult to the name on the
front.— London Dally Chronicle. \u25a0 : :
• "I wrote to him -the other day that I
thought it. woyld be kinder for me not to
remit the check he asked for. j Now he
writes: .'Dear. Father: I shall never for
get your unremitting kindness.' "—Phila
delphia Pressi • ; '
"What's the matter?" asked Mrs. Rox.
"Huh!" exclaimed Mr. Rox, after read-
Ing his morning mall. "Our boy's college
education j is making him too blamed
smart." . . . • : • ,
On a sweltering Sabbath -in a little
church in the backwoods the perspiring
minister, instead of preaching a long ser?
mon, called the^ attention of the congre
gation to the figures on the' thermometer.
"Just study ' those ! figures," he said. "It
ain't half as hot here as you'll find it
hereafter If you don't mend your ways."—
Atlanta Constitution.
"I'm afraid I can't interest my 5-year
old Elsie in fairy tales any longer." • «
" "And why not?"
. "I was telling her about the \u25a0; 'Forty
Thieves,' and when I got to the forty oil
jars with a thief In each jar, what do you
suppose she said?"
"I give it up." j V • \
"She. said, 'Wouldn't that jar you.'"—
Plain 1 Dealer. . " v"
Citizen— I want a perfectly noiseless
lawn -mower.
Dealer— You are a very considerate per
son.- - r '£' . .'„\u25a0
Citizen— Yes, I have to, be.' If I can't
get up early and cut grass without the
neighbors hearing me I'll have to lend
that lawn mower seven times before I set
to use it again myself.— Record-Herald.
-Church— Did you ever ride in one of
those electric cabs?
Gotham— Once. X. ;
"How'd you like it?" \u25a0 \ ,
"Got a terrible shock when I got out."
I "Heavily charged, was it?"
"Yes: I was."— Yonkers Statesman.
• \u25a0 _ \u25a0
Major Crust— So you refuse "me, Miss
Fondant? Miss F.— I am very sorry, Ma
jor Crust, but your son just proposed to
me, and I accepted him. Major C— Good
gracious! Tou don't mean to say the boy
has been such a fool !— Tit-Bits.
"Thank you," replied the corset stiffly.
"I have a pressing engagement at home."
—Plain Dealer.
"I suppose, there's no use o£ asking you
to go with u's," said the shirt waist to the
corset. "We'll all be in. negligee, of
course."
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
APPORTIONMENT— F. R. C, Clover
dale, Cal. By the provisions of the Bur
leigh bill the apportionment of Represent
atives according to the census of 1900 is
increased from 357 to 3S6. By this Califor
nia will have an additional Representative
in Congress. By the new apportionment
Illinois. Texas and New York have made
a gain of three each, Pennsylvania and
New Jersey two each and Arkansas, Cal
ifornia, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida.
Louisiana, Massachusetts, Mississippi.
Missouri, North Carolina, North Dakota,
Washington, West Virginia and Wiscon
sin one each.
LIEN LOAN— M. W., City. This de
partment is informed that a lien loan on
a life insurance policy is one which gives
the party who loaned money on the policy
first call on the money to be paid.
FIRE ENGINES- J. W.,H., Los Ange
les, Cal. This department has not been
able to find any figures that give the ag
gregate of steam fire engines in the Unit
ed States and Canada.
son therefore had the stage to himself, as it. were,
and his somersault was the spectacular feature of the
performance. >•
The reason assigned by Mr. Edson for the flop
was not less farcical than the flop itself. The petition,
or demand, for a rehearing came from the railroad]
but Mr. Edson said # ht : granted the rehearing for the
sake of giving the oil men a chance to introduce more
evidence. Did ever a clown utter a greater absurdity?
The. public would like to have a heart to heart talk
with Edson, one of the kind of talks that Herrin has
with him— a sort of searching talk that .reaches him
in the right place. It would like to learn from him
whether he really believes he is deceiving the public
by his pretense that he has granted a rehearing to the
railroad solely for the purpose of doing more sub
stantial justice to the oil men. It would like to know
just why Mr. Edson voted to vacate the. act reducing
rates before the new hearing is had. If, upon the
evidence submitted to him at the first hearing of the
case, Mr. Edson deemed.it right to reduce rates, why
does he now set the reduction aside without further
evidence. If the railroad have made. a sufficient
showing for a rehearing why does not Mr. Edson
grant the rehearing on that showing instead of grant
ing it,: as he says, for the sake of giving the oil men
a hearing? If the railroad have not made a sufficient
showing for a rehearing why does: Mr. Edson grant
it at all? Why does he drag the oil men in when
they did '.not wish; to come in? . Is it that -he in
tends to force a benefit on them? '
Whether the commission costs the Southern Pacific
Company more money, than it costs the State of
California we know, not," but of one thing We are
certain— the work done by the commission is worth a
great deal more to the 1 road than to the State; so
that if the cost to the road is five times that im
posed on the people the road is still getting the bet
ter of the bargain. The public has long noted that
every, time a Commissioner flops he flops "agin the
people."
The project for draining the Zuyder Zee of which
so rrtuch was heard a short time ago has been dropped
by the Dutch Government, the Ministry .having
reached the conclusion that the ruling. price for arable
lands is now so low that very little would be gained
by the creation of new agricultural, holdings.
It is reported from London that a difficulty is
found in getting young, men 'to enlist Jn 'the army
for foreign service just;now because of the eagerness
of the people over the coming coronation. Every
body wishes to be in town to see the show and join
in the whoop-up.
When those astute railroad Democrats; Burke and
Herrin, undertook to make up a municipal ticket
they ought at least to have made it harmonious and
not given it a head that -denounces the tail nor a
tail that tries" to sting the head
Have you. made your contribution yet to the Mc-
Kinley memorial fund? If not,' this is a good -time
to do it.' , '. '' >."'' • ; '•''"\u25a0•'::\u25a0\u25a0 '\u25a0"\u25a0
The campaign was dull at the. start, but it is ! sharp
enough -now to cut ice with everybody ;
HUDSON'S SECOND THOUGHT.
OVER and over again The Call has had occa
sion to point out to the people facts tend-,
ing to the conclusion that the Railroad Com
mission obtains from the Southern Pacific Company's
law office the decision which the commission is called
upon to. make in any important case that comes be
fore it. Upon one occasion, indeed, the decision
seems to have been handed over to the commission
not from the iaw office direct, but from the dining
room of the residence of W. F. Herrin. It is now
necessary to once more direct attention. to new facts
tending to the same conclusion.
When a majority of the Commissioners decided the
oil rate case in such 0 way as to give a slight reduc
tion in rates on oil between Bakersfield and this city
there was a little flutter of surprise among the peo
ple. Something utterly unexpected had happened.
It seemed that the commission had for once found a
decision without consulting the railroad law office.
The, reduction made was very slight, but still it was
a reduction, and among the oil men there was a con
sciousness of victory. •
The oil men, however, were mistaken. Why the
commission reduced rates we* do not know, but it is
now evident that it acted unadvisedly, for the railroad
has petitioned or demanded a rehearing and the com
mission has promptly declared its former action in
valid and put the rates back where they were before.
There is to be a rehearing of the case and, perhaps, a
redining at Mr. Herrin's residence; and then there
will be another decision. It remains to be seen
whether after that decision the smile will be on- the
face of the oil men or on that of the railroad. ' .
The" old farce plays itself over and over, again. In
this particular instance it has presented a new stunt
that of Mr. Edson performing a flip-flop. That Com
missioner was one of the majority that reduced the
oil rate's. He is also one of the majority that invalid
ated the reduction. His colleague, Laumeister," who
voted with him for-the reduction, was not present
when the vote for invalidation was taken. Mr. Ed-
From;the attention which King Edward is giving
to the details of the coronation ceremonies it seems
that he has made up his mind that since he had to
wait for it so long he is going to have it now" just
exactly as he chooses.
It is now reported that Sir Thomas Lipton has
been rash enough to say he will never marry until
he has lifted the America's cup, so it would seem
that any girls who may have been setting theircaps
for him might just as well look in another .direction.
The municipal! contest has now shaped itself*- so
clearly that every one can. understand it. There is
a ticket to represent those who favor class politics,
another ticket pledged to corporations, anicT then
there, is the ticket that stands for the whole people
and the public good.
A New York physician who has just returned home
after a prolonged tour of observation around", the
world is quoted as saying that the most thorough
ly modern hospitals to be found anywhere are those
of Japan. Here is another proof that travelers see
strange things and possibly also^a proof that travelers
sometimes lie.
GENERAL trade was less active last week.
The bank clearings of the country were only
14.8 per cent larger than for the correspond
ing week in 1900, which is the smallest gain for some
time. But every city of size showed an increase,
though the gains in all were smaller than has been
the rule of late. The failures were 240, against 205
last i:ear.
No particular line is responsible for this slight de
crease in the volume of business last week. It seemed
to be general rather than special, but it* was not-suf
ficiently pronounced to cause unfavorable comment.
In fact, the business of the country was so brisk that
there were not cars enough to handle the freight of
fered. This condition has prevailed for a year or
more and is hampering trade from Maine to Califor
nia. The railroads are ordering new cars fa^t
enough, but the iron and steel trade has been so
lushed for several years that the different works have
been unable to supply the demand. Nor is there any
immediate prospect of a slackening up in the iron
trade. The Pennsylvania Railroad last week placed
an order 'for 160,000 tons of steel rails, the largest
order of the year, 'and this! with other orders for rails,
has run the total amount booked for 1002 delivery up
to 1,500,000 tons. This does not indicate any lack of
actirity in the iron and steel business.
The other staples 3re also sending in good reports.
Shoe shipments are largely in excess of a year ago,
and leather is from 5 to 10 per cent higher than in
September, while hides are strong and active all over
the country. Woolen mills are fully occupied and
are buying raw wools liberally at firm prices. The
cotton crop has begun to move more freely, which
has led to prompter Southern collections. The move
ment in coal is retarded by lack of cars. Provisions
are unsettled at Chicago and other Western centers,
and the general tendency in both hog's and cured
meats is downward, as the recent high prices checked
consumption. Wheat has taken an upward turn,
chiefly on account of serious damage to the Argen
tine crop by drought, and quotations have been
slowly advancing for some days. Flour has sympa
thized with wheat, and the output is heavy, the Min
neapolis mills breaking all records last week. The
general wholesale and jobbing trade of the country
is reported good, though hardly as lively as it has
been for some time. Sales of fancy goods for the
Christmas holidays are unusually early, indicating an
expected heavy business in this direction.
A good sign is the liberal ordering by railroads of
steel to replace wooden work. This shows that the
railroads are on a good basis and are now in a po
sition to build with a view. to solidity and permanence.
Coupled with the general shortage in cars just men
tioned, this looks as if the railroads were doing a
rushing business.
Conditions in the local market remain about as be
fore. All lines, except several farm products, such
as hops, dried fruits and the minor cereals, including
barley, are reported active, and generally at good
prices. The outward movement of -wheat has im
proved materially, owing largely to a ifcarked decline
in ocean freights and a simultaneous- improvement
in the price of wheat abroad. Merchants who handle
general merchandise report the demand steady and
large. Passengers on the ferry-boats see many more
vessels in the bay than in recent years, and they are all
moving about Collections in all lines are reported
good, and there are no failures large enough to at
tract attention. . The present year, taken all in all, is
one of the best that the farmers have had for some
time, and the city trade reflects this prosperity in a
brisk commerce, both local and foreign. We are do
ing about as well as we ever did, which is saying a
good deal, and there are no indications of any fall
ing off in business. V
Mr. Frank Garland, the gun inventor, who is said
to have obtained a divorce from his wife, the consent
of a new girl to become his wife, and a $500,000 order
from the Russian Government on the same day no
doubt will mark the date as the luckiest in his life,
but time may have another tale to telL .
YOUNGER BROTHERS— M., City. The
Younger brothers were released from
State prison on parole Muly 23, 1901, and
went into the business of selling grave
stones.
McKINLEY-X., Hollister, Cal. Pre
vious to his recent visit to California.
"William McKinley was in this State on
his wedding tour in 1871.
SIGNAL CORPS-D. S., Salt Lake City,
Utah. Up to the 21st of September, 1901,
Company F, United States Signal Corps,
was at Manila, P. I.
ANSWERS TO QERIES.
SLIGHT DECREASE IN GENERAL
TRADE.
S. D. Rosenbaum, a well-known mer
chant of Stockton, Is in the clty^m busi
ness, and has. made his headquarters at
the Palace. "~-
Garrett McEnerney, who left here the
early part of this month, is at present in
France. He spent two weeks touring
Ireland, and has written- friends in th's
city that he is having a most enjoyable
time.
. Max Hirsch, treasurer of the Metropoli
tan Opera-house of New York and finan
cial agent of Maurice Grau. arrived from
New York yesterday and is staying at
the Palace. Mr. Hirsch made manv
friends here during the last season of
grand opera, and his return to San Fran
cisco is a, pleasant surprise to the pa
trons of grand opera.
R. H. Jackson of Reno, Nev., arrive!
at the Palace yesterday.
Lieutenant L. Bradman, of the "United
States Marine Corps, is a guest at the
Grand.
Howard A. Dodge, an attorney of Los
Angeles, is among the arrivals ; at the
Grand. _ ,-- \u25a0. - '\u25a0'
PERSONAL MENTION.
» _ . . —
JULES VERNE, who is reported to have become totally blind at his home
in Amiens, has been a sufferer with deficient eyes for a long time. The
great romancer of science Is now in his seventy-thii'd year, but he has
never ceased his literary work, even after his sight began to fall. He
published a novel only three years ago, and, although this did not bear
the vigorous stamp of his early, work, if was by no. means weak. M. Verne re
cently distinguished himself by declining a seat in the French. Academy for the.
second time. He began his literary career as a dramatist and for thirteen
years labored successfully in that field as a writer of comedies. It was 'not un- •
til 1863 that he published the first of the stories upon which his fame was to rest.
This was "Five Weeks in a Balloon." j Itj immediate and rebounding success in
duced M. Verne to continue to exploit himself in this, direction and. the result
was .that widely read series of romances which have delighted the world, young
and old, for thirty years or more. M. Verne's chief amusement since his youth
has been yachting. " He owns a fine steam yacht and his happiest days have
been those spent on its decks.
Germany is to build two destroyers fitted
with Parsons steam turbines.
The Belleville boilers taken out of the
British cruiser Hermes after being in use
less than two years are being distributed
among those dockyards. They will be
mounted on hulks and serve In training
stokers.
• • •
Four drydocks and two basins are in
course of construction at the Keyham
branch of the Devonport dockyard, Eng
land. The work Is nearly completed and
eleven drydocks will be available In this
one dockyard.
The trials of the Babcock & Wilcox boil
er on board the* British torpedo gunboat
Sheldrake were stopped after six hours*
duration, it being alleged that the coal
consumption was largely in excess of the
calculated expenditure for fuel. I
The four torpedo boat destroyers built
at Elblng in 1893-99 for the Chinese navy
were appropriated during the late fight
at Taku— Great Britain, France, Russia
and Germany taking one each. - They are
the speediest and best all-around vessels
of their class yet built for any navy, and
will be of more use and better taken care
of by their new owners.
• • •
The King of Portugal has purchased a
small electric launch in England. It is
twenty-eight feet in length, she feet six
inches beam and draws two feet. Its mo
tive power is twenty-four large accumu
lators, which will run the boat 100 milea
at eight knots, or at a greater- speed for a
shorter distance. ,
• • •
Thirty-five French warships participated
in the recent review at Dunkirk, of which
six were battleships, two armored cruis
ers, three protected cruisers, four coast
defense ships and three torpedo boat de
\u25a0troyers. The remainder consisted of tor
pedo and submarine boats.
. - * * *
The naval appropriations of Japan for
the year ending April 1. 1902. foot up to
$20,691,600, of which $10,630,000 is for ordi
nary expenditures. $9,492,600 for extraordi
nary expenses and $568,400 toward an ar
mor plant. The total is $543,000 less than
last year. -*"
The floating dock at Dar-es-Salaam, In
German East Africa, was wrecked on Au
gust 12. During the testing of the dock
one of the pontoon pumps failed to act
and the dock sank. The loss, which is
total, amounts to $125,000, and falls on the
contractor, the Howaldt shicbulldiers at
Kiel, as the dock had not been accepted
by the ! colonial government.
A new torpedo boat destroyer, the Sy
ren, has had a twelve hours' coal con
sumption trial. Only two of the four boil
ers were used, developing 1224 horse
power, giving "a speed of eighteen, knots
and showing a coal consumption of 2.2
pounds per unit of horsepower an hour.
The Syren is one of a dozen boats built
at Jarrow for the British navy, all of
which have given good results.
• * *
The first of the five submarine boats
built for the British navy was launched
October 3 from Vlcker*a yard at Barrow.
The boats are of the Holland type and
are Identical with those buildins In the
United States. They are 63 feet In length,
11 feet 9 Inches beam and will have a sur
face speed of eight knots and seven knots
when submerged. The boats will have a
crew of six. The other four boats also
building at Barrow will be launched thl3
year.
*' J " • .\u25a0_ •
The British third-class cruiser Fearless,
of 150 tons, built fourteen years ago, haa
been repaired and refitted and made 15.4
knots on her commission trial. The vessel
made 16.7 knots when new and, having had
four commissions abroad, her recent per
formance Is considered quite satisfactory.
The first cost of the Fearless was $460,825
and her repairs up to two years ago
amounted to $188,045, showing an annual
average of 3 per cent of first cost expend
ed In repairs.
• • •
During a race between seven torpedo
boat destroyers off Margate, October 7, the
Angler and Salmon collided and a terrible
calamity was narrowly averted. The boats
were within thirty yards of each other
when rounding the lightship, the Angler
being inside the Salmon's course: both
boats were under forced draught, and it
appeared that the Angler was In danger
of ramming the Salmon. The latter real
ized her peril and starboarded her helm,
but the momentum of the Angler was too
great and the Salmon's stern caught the
other's starboard quarter, completely
sweeping the after deck. The Angler's
propellers were thrust through the Sal
mon's side, rending the thin plates like
cardboard. Only two men were Injured,
but the boats, brought in in a sinking con
dition into Sheerness, will require very ex
tensive repairs
The floating dock built at Baltimore foe,
the naval station at Algiers, near New
Orleans, has been completed and has
started on its long voyage for Its destina
tion, which It may reach, barring acci
dents, in about twenty-five days. Another
floating dock, that at Havana, is slated
for a much longer voyage, but the time
for its departure for the Philippines ha3
not been fixed. This dock was built in
England for the Spanish Government at
a cost of $345,000 and towed to Havana in
1897 at a cost of $25,000. It was purchased
by the United States last July for J1S5.000,
with the Intention of locating the dock at
Subig Bay in the Philippines. The
structure is said to be in good condition
and only about 150,0000 will be required to
put it in perfect working order, but the
expense of towing the dock nearly 12,000
miles via the Suez canal will be very
heavy. The cost has been estimated as
low as $30,000, but as the canal dues will
not be less than $10,000 It is evident that
coal, vessels for towing and other neces
sary outlays will largely exceed this low
estimate. "The dock is capable of lifting
the largest battleship yet built in our
navy and will eventually pay for itself by
the saving effected in present heavy dock
ing charges paid in Hongkong.
, land in 1S63 at a cost of $460,000. She
is of the Camanche type. 1623 tons, and
\u25a0when new had a speed of nine knots. The
belt armor and turrets are of Iron only
four Inches in thickness, and the battery
consists of four 8-lnch Krupp guns, old
pattern. The vessel was struck off the
active list twenty years ago and is en
tirely unfit for venturing away from her
anchorage in the harbor of Kiel. The
price which President Zelaya of Nicara
gua is said to have paid for this old iron
is £550,000, for which sum our Navy De
partment would no doubt readily dispose
of the eight monitors laid up at League
Island, as they are of no fighting value
whatever and yet far superior to the Ar
uenlus in resistance to shot.
IT is reported that Nicaragua has pur
chased a monitor from Germany. The
only vessel of that type In the German
navy is the Armenius. built in Ens-
Last January at a banquet at the Palace Hotel Mr. Wells said: "The Supervisors 1
believe are the best board we ever had in this city. In the forty-eight years I have lived in
this city I have known of no such board as we now have."
The board deserved the commendation thus given by Mr. Wells: It has received
substantially the same commendation from the great mass of the intelligent people of the
city. Most of its members have been renominated. The Call supports them because they
deserve re-election. Their defeat would mean the betrayal of the city into the hands of
those men whom Mr. Wells has declared to be unfit and who are known. to be : pledged
to the worst elements in alliance with Herrin. The appeal therefore goes to the civic
patriotism of tlie citizens: Vote for the men who have been tried .and found true; and
down the tools of the corporations and. the advocates ,of. a wide, open tow'n£ ; _ *£
..-: \u25a0" -r r Finally it is just as well to remind Mr, Wells that he was nominated \ by the same
convention .that nominated the Supervisor ticket of which he is ashamed. >--\u25a0-'
The issue in the contest for Supervisors is that of saving San Francisco from be
ing looted. Mr. Wells spoke like a man of true civic patriotism when he said that if he
had known what kind of men were to be nominated on the Herrin ticket for Supervisors
he would no more have accepted the nomination than he would have given up his hope
of going to heaven. There is no possible defense for such a ticket, no sufficient palliation
of its offensiveness, no satisfactory apology for its nomination. It* is not a Republican
ticket. It is a Herrin and Burke ticket, a Goldberg and Gunst ticket; a ticket that means
loot. .- ,
Herrin has surrounded himself with the worst elements in Sari Francisco. He is
backed in this, fight not only by Jere Burke and Sam Rainey of the Democratic camp,
but by Mose Gunst and Max Goldberg. His success would mean the opening up of the
town to pretty nearly every form of vice and iniquity that has money in it. .The schemes
of the gas company and the water company and the Southern Pacific Company would
be jostled by* the jobs that Gunst and Goldberg delight in. Everything from the City
Treasury to the Police Department would be in the hands of the looters. The Supervis
ors would do what Herrin commanded, and Herrin would command whatever meant
money for the .vicious and debased gang that is supporting him in the fight.
The ticket of Supervisors which revolted Mr. Wells for a moment and The Call per
manently is pledged to a wide open town, to the schemes of the gas and the water com
pany and to whatever else Mr. Herrin may demand. That charge has been made over
and over in language even more specific than we now state it, and yet it has never been
denied by Mr. Wells, by Mr. Herrin, nor by the Herrin nominees for Supervisor. /
The issue raised by the nomination of such a set of Supervisor candidates under
such domination is one which no decent citizen of San Francisco can afford to overlook
or ignore. The election of that set of men would surrender San Francisco to the looting
of every kind of looters from corrupt corporations to tin horn gamblers and poolroom'
touts. '\u25a0-\u25a0'\u25a0.'. . \u25a0 -
MR. ASA R:; WELLS said in his speech on Saturday evening that he was nom
inated by the Republican party and that The Call; opposes him because the
proprietor of N The Call was not permitted toMominate the Republican conven
tion.' From that statement it is evident that either Mr. Wells has a very
short memory or else he is utterly reckless of what he says.
When soliciting the support of The Call, which was refused him, Mr. Wells stated
to the proprietor in the presence of Mr. Grove P. Ayers'that if he had seen the list of niert
who were to be nominated as Supervisors on his ticket he would not have accepted the
nomination for Mayor. In repeating that statement substantially to a representative of
The Call for publication, he said: "If I had seen the list of names I would no more- have
accepted the nomination for Mayor than give up my hope of going to heaven
. That is Mr. Wells' opinion of the men whose nomination for Supervisors was
dictated to the so-called Republican convention by the Democratic railroad bosses, W. F.
Heron and Jere Burke. If Mr. Wells would not have accepted the nomination on such
a ticket, had he known what it" was going to be, why should he expect The Call to sup
port the. ticket now that the character of its membership is known?'
The Burke and Herrin ticket of Supervisors is not only bad in its personnel, being
composed in the main of persons utterly unfit for the office, but it is rendered worse by the
pledges imposed upon it and by the character of the domination to which it is subject.
NICARAGUA'S
ASPIRATIONS IN
A NAVAL WAY
THE CHOICE OF. SUPERVISORS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO .CALL, kONDAY, OCTOBER !J8, 1901
BLINDNESS BEFALLS
AUTHOR JULES VERNE
4
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), HO Mont*
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townseod's California glace fruits, 60c &
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas-
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market street. Palace Hotel building. •
Cal. Glace Fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Choice candles. Tonwsend's, Palace Hotel*
Walnut and Pecan Panoche. Townsend. •The sale of subscription . seats for the
Grau grand opera season will . commence
at 9 o'clock this morning ; at ;; the Grand
Opera-house. .The sale of single seats be
g}ns November 6. . v
Seats for Grau Opera.
. There will be three new turns on at the
Chutes this week. Belle Williams, sing
ing coon songs; Sid Baxter, an aerial jug
gler, and Christian - and Thomas, foot
cyclists, are the new performers. New
moving pictures will also be shown.
• ',*'.•
Roanoke Rye, Honey and Horehound.
Get It. You'll not regret 'it. •
rescue, a locomotive, realistic blizzards
and all sorts of thrilling thlng3 In the
show. - \u25a0 . \u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0••
John J. Florence, saloon-keeper,/ 49
Minna street, complained to the police
yesterday that a mart had swindled him
out of $2. He said that the man, who
was sickly looking, called at his saloon
a few days ago, and after telling him
a pitiful story of hard luck asked him
for a loan of $2 to get lodgings. Florence
gave hiki the money and received as se
curity a check for $84 on the defunct Pa
cific Bank. • Similar complaints have been
received about the same man.'
Bunkoed Witli Old Check.
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell. is. still in the fight
and will certainly win this time. Be sura
to vote for him for Mayor by writing hla
name with a 4 lead pencil at head of blan.1t
column. •'
, "The Great Northwest," a spectacular
melodrama, will be produced at the Cen
tral Theater this evening and throughout
the week. There Is a prairie flre, a heroic
The grand opera season comes to a close
this week at the Tlvoli. "La Boheme" is
to be the bill on Tuesday, Thursday, Sun
day and -at the Saturday matinee, while
Wednesday, Friday and Saturday . even-
Ings will be taken up with a revival of the
charming opera, "Carmen." —
"The Henrietta, 1 ' with Stuart Robson in
the great character of Bertie the Lamb,
will be seen at the Columbia Theater
throughout the week. "The Henrietta" is
as attractive, as ever and drew large
houses all last week.
Walter B. Perkins will be seen this week
at the Grand Opera-house in a new char
acter. It is "a keen shaver" In a farce
based, on theosophy, which is called "My
Friend .From India." Mr. Perkins ha3
made an excellent impression as a come
dian, and in the ingenious complications
that arise In "My Friend From India" he
should- provoke spasms of laughter:
Bret Harte's famous story of "Tennes
see's Pardner" is to be produced at the
Alcazar this evening 1 and throughout the
week. . Great preparations have been made
for the reproduction of the charming and
picturesque romance, and the characters
will be assumed by Agnes Rankin and the
regular stock company.
• • ' •
"Sporting Life," a spectacular melo
drama, which was presented last night at
the California, will certainly appeal to
those who delight In a play which la
crowded with life and action. The scene
Is laid on the English race course and has
for Its principal character an English
Lord, who is brought to the verge of ruin
by wagering on the races. The play con
tains several well-sprung climaxes, plenty
of thrilling scenes and a sprinkling of
humor. The audience, which for the first
night , was very fair, frequently ap
plauded.
Lillian Lamson, , whose stag"e name Is
Olive de Carteret, and William Desmond
in their scene in a room in the Hotel
Cecil, executed a clever piece of acting,
which was well appreciated by the au
dience! Lorlmer Johnstone sustains the
character of hero in a very commendable
manner. Edith Murllla, a vivacious lit
tle brunette, in her part as a music hall
artiste, succeeds in giving a vein of hu
mor to the play. : ' >
Many novelties are announced at
Fischer's Cohcert House for to-night, in
cluding Symo and Syma, youthful globe
balancers and contortionists;- the Las
keys, musical artists; Christy and Willis,
"The Tramp and the Soubrette"; Celia
de Lacy, a pleasing balladist; Harry
Cooper, a Salt Lake barytone, and Chris
tian, the "foot cyclist." The Geissler-
Hirschhorn Tyrolean troupe will be heard
In new selections and Hlnrich's orchestra
promises everything that Is classical and
new.
A bill of more than usual merit Is on
this week at the Orpheum. A decided
number of novelties are embraced in the
programme. "The Way to Win a Hus
band," in which Lillian Burkhart Is the
star, assisted by James B. Gary and Os
car Norfleet, divides the honors witfi an
operetta, "Miyo San" ("The White Li
lac"), modeled on the well-known Hne3
of Gilbert & Sullivan productions.
The "Beaux and Belles" octet, Intro
ducing Eleanor Estllle, Clara Marion,
Grace Garner and Bessie Clayton, with
Evelyn Taylor alternating as a belle;
Jack Mason, James Gilroy, Wallace Mon
roe and Dudley Kellard, as the beaux, Is
still on. The Leslies in a musical eccen
tricity are excellent and Charles Harris
and Nellie Waters are entertaining in
"The Black-haired Widow." Francis Le
Page sustains his reputation as the great
est jumper in the world. John Geiger, an
eccentric violinist, Mignonette Koken, a
dancing soubrette, and a large number of
new pictures on the blograph complete
the bllL
• • •
The sermon was preached by Father
Guibert, who took for his subject, "The
Cult of Mary in France." The reverend
speaker traced the influence of- the
Blessed Virgin through successive ages
by a reference to the history of France.
He showed how her grace had' been
manifested In the conversion of King
Clovis and Emperor Charlemagne in the
early ages. He then referred to her in
fluence during the rise of the Albigenses,
when v St. Thomas Aquinas and St.
Francis of Assisium did so much for the
uplifting of the Christian church. He
treated of the reformation and after-
Ward of the reign of Louis XIII, when
that monarch dedicated France to» the
Blessed Virgin. The speaker concluded
by pointing to the fact that notwith
standing the many vicissitudes through
which France had passed she is Btill a
Catholic country and the motto, . the
"Kingdom of France, , the Kingdom' of
Mary," is being exemplified to this very
day.
In the evening there wero solemn ves
pers and benediction, and the sermon was
delivered by the Rev. Father A. Hamet,
S. M.
The choir, under the direction of
Achille Artigues, sang the first mass of
Giorza and the "Venl Creator," of A.
Mariani. The "O Salutaris," by Marianl,
was sung by Mrs. Cadenasso. The mem
bers of the choir were:
Mltses "Wadsw-orth, K. Carroll, G. Richards,
A. Hopper, Aurore Artlgues, M.' Carroll, Alme
Benolt. It. Wolf; Mesdames Cadenasso, E.
Kerleln: Messrs. William Lane, J. Gabriel,
Hlppolite Carle and Dr. J. Richards.
The feast day is always honored on the
last Sunday in October, which has been
the rule since the church was dedicated
on May 4, 1856, by the late Bishop
Alemany..
The edifice .was beautifully decorated
with a profusion of French and Ameri
can flags, while the altars were mag
nificently adorned with choice cut flowers
and myriads of lighted tapers.
Solemn high mass was celebrated at
10:30 a.' m., with the Rev. Father
Alexander Hamet, S. M., rector of the
church, as celebrant. Father Joseph
Quibert, S. M., acted as deacon and
Father Joseph Dreyer, S. \u25a0 M., was sub
deacon.
Impressive services were held yesterday
In the French Church on Bush street, the
occasion being the annual celebration of
that church's patronal feast designated
as "Our Lady of Victories," from which
tho church takes its name.
Romantic Dramas Seem
to Be in Popular
Demand.
Homage Paid by French
Church to "Our Lady
of Victories."
CELEBRATES ITS
PATRONAL FEAST
No. 09.014 draws first capital prize of $60,000,
sold in New Orleans, La.. St. Louis, Mo.
No. R5.407 draws second capital prize of $20,
oon, sold in Kansas City, Mo.; Chicago, 111.;
Monterey, X. I...
No. 777 draws third capital prize of $10,000,
sold in Sydney, Ohio.
Nce. 2516, 2643. 5916. E9.300 and 72,255 draw
each $1000. sold in New York. San Francisco,
San Salvador. Salvador: St.. Louis, Mo. ; Chi
eaeo. 111.; Mexico City..
(Signed) VICTORIANO ALCERRECA,
For the Treasury Department. .
IT. BASSETTI. Manager.
Per E. BERTHIER. Acting Manager.
APOLIKAR CASTIL.IX). Intervenor.
799 numbers endlns. with- 07, ' being the last
two figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of $20,000. $20. \u25a0 .
TERMINAL PRIZES
739 numbers ending with' 14, being the last
two figures of the "number drawing the capital
l>riz» of $CO,OC0, $20.
100 numbers from 58.964 to 59,064 Inclusive, be
ing fifty numbers on each side of the number
drawing cflDital j»rizfe of $60,000, $60. - ••
100 numbers from £5,357 to 55,457 Inclusive,
belnp fifty numbers on each side of the num
ber drr. wing capital prize of $20,000, • $40.
100 nvmbers from 727 'to 827 inclusive, being
fifty numbers on *avh side -of-- the- number
draw-In?; capital prize of $10,000, $20.
APPROXIMATION PRIZES
GREAT VARIETY
AT PLAYHOUSES
Mr. Tobin told how the present board
had saved the people thousands of dollars
by reducing- taxes land salaries, and told
of the improvements in street cleaning
and about the parks. He presented figures
showing the reductions that had been
made by the board of which he is a mem
ber in gas and water rates. In the salaries
of public officers and in the expense of
conducting all municipal institutions and
asked:
Are you going to reject men who have been
true and honest and who have accomplished
Money Saved by Present Board.
'You' will perhaps not find on • it the same
letters as on the medallion of Caesar, but writ
ten indelibly on Its face can be found S. P.
R. You 'know what that ticket stands for and
the Interests behind It. You people of the
Mission who have fotfght so desperately for the
removal of Southern : Pacific tracks should
know that If you do not wish to lose all at
this time you should be very careful about
voting the Republican ticket.
If that ticket Is successful at . the polls the
Geary-street franchise will be secured by the
corporation that is supporting and backing this
ticket and despicable • corporations will suc
ceed in having- the old gas and water rates re
stored. We stand here and will continue to
stand as independent representatives of public
life. The city government is a matter of busi
ness and not of politics. The candidates nomi
nated by the Democratic Convention are abso
lutely free from the domination of corpora
tions. You can read from day to day in the
Republican newspapers that the Republican
Convention was controlled absolutely by the
corporations, and I ask you If Its nominees are
elected will they serve the people or the cor
porations that they represent?
You must know what your duty is as patri
otic citizens of San Francisco. We hold, we
contend and we are sure we have done our
duty.
Brand on Republican Ticket.
I ask you, gentlemen, to hand me a Repub
lican ticket, and I will ask you whose Inscrip
tion does it bear.
-Mr. Tobin prefaced his remarks with a
scriptural allusion to Caesar, and the
medallions that bore the letters "S/ P. Q.
R." He continued: .-•
Of course the great interest of the crowd
centered in Mr. Tobin, the candidate for
Mayor. When he appeared on the grounds
it was' decided to have the band escort
him to the pavilion. Mr. Tobin called the
serenade off. for he desired to .make his
entrance to the pavilion as unostenta
tiously as possible. He received a rous
ing welcome when he appeared on the
stage, and loud and prolonged cheers
greeted him when he was introduced to
speak by Chairman Gould.
: .• * big • platform some 2000 men', and
women crowded the pavilion to greet
Joseph S. Tobin, candidate for Mayor, and
many other Democratic nominees.
The exercises were ""presided . over by
Frank H. Gould, -and there was speech
making galore and "song and dance'artists
in sufficient numbers to hold the attention
of the big crowd for more than two hours.
p-H yo HERE \u25a0 was • a happy g-athering of
II people >o'ut at Glen Park yesterday
I afternoon, -and while hundreds
il of young people danced 'on the
The tremendous force displayed by Asa
R. Wells in his discussion of the cam
paign issues at Metropolitan Temple Sat
urday night was the subject of consider
able comment in political circles yester
day. On the occasion of his first public
address a week ago, Mr. Wells made a
big hit by stultifying his own party, and
he repeated the break he made on that
occasion in his second attempt at
oratory. ,
Notwithstanding the efforts of Man
ager Cobb to curb his employer's propen
sity to talk arrant nonsense on the plat
form, Mr. Wells continues to do his own
sweet will whenever he appears on the
rostrum. With every appearance before
the public the Republican candidate for
Mayor weakens his candidacy, so that
few Republicans are to be found who do
not regard his election . as being prac
tically hopeless.
A leading Republican said yesterday
that Mr. Wells lacked those qualifica
tions which one naturally looked for in
a candidate for so important and digni
fied an office as Mayor of San Francisco.
Without the ability to express himself,
even in the most ordinary way, upon
topics with which he should be familiar,
he has the faculty of weakening his own
case by announcing his intention to do
certain things and then forgetting to keep
hi3 promise. At the meeting Saturday
evening he was to have declared himself
as to his policy In the event of his elec
tion. Instead of doing this he told his
hearers that he had the example of the
immortal Lincoln and McKinley con
stantly before him, and that in all ; the
H"M"l'l I I I I 1 I 'l I \u25a0I"I"I"I"I"I"I"I"I"I"I- •
His Remarkable Campaign Oratory
Disheartens Republican Workers.
WELLS WEAKENS HIS CASE.
Frank Gould, chairman of the meeting,
and Candidates John H. Wise, Judge
Charles T. Conlan, Laurence J. Dwyer,
Justus S. Wardell, Joseph Fassler, Judge
Alfred J. Fritz, Samuel Braunhart, Maur
ice V. Samuels, Lewis F. Byington, George
Dahlbender, Dr. Thomas B.'W. Leland and
Franklin IC Lane also delivered - short
addresses.
We say to-day the enemy is before us. It Is
a crisis in the political career of San Fran
cisco, and the Question is whether you will
submit to the domination of the corporations
or support men who have done. their duty faith
fully and who now stand upon a platform for
honest government. I say you should support
the men who Have never faltered in their duty
as honest and conscientious citizens.
Mr. Tobin then briefly related the story
of Paul Revere and his appeal to our fore
fathers to defend their firesides, . the en
emy being before them. He continued:
Crisis in City's Career. !
I am not a politician. I am not in public
life seeking: to climb higher up > the ladder;
seeking for some future political preferment.
I hope to do my duty if elected and retire
absolutely from politics at the end- of my term
of office. My only object *in public life Is to
discharge what I deem my duty to the citi
zens o£ San Francisco.
these results to support men dominated and
controlled by the corporations?
In speaking of himself and his can
didacy for Mayor. Mr. Tobin said:
walks of his life he sought to emulate
them. Then, instead of telling why "the
twin Benedict. Arnolds of the press"
were opposing his candidacy, he merely
charged that "De Young and Spreckete
opposed him because they were not al
lowed to dominate the convention."
Wells Mixes Matters.
With becoming modesty he referred to
franchises and public, utilities as being
momentous questions, and in the next
breath he remarked with refreshing can
dor that "the Mayor should be above
th?se petty questions." His most re
markable statement was that the people
ought to take the Mayor on trust, and
that he asked for the popular suffrage on
that account, evidently forgetting that In
taking him on trust the people would nec
essarily have • to take Kelly and Herrin
on trust also. The audience, was yearn
ing for more of the same sort, but In
stead of supplying it, Mr. "Wells began to
ramble in the mazes of generalities Ilk©
a lad delivering a badly memorized ad
dress. The audience began to leave the
hall before he had finished his two-min
ute speech, and it was observed that the
cheers given at the close of the meeting
lacked the enthusiasm which Short
ridge's speech had momentarily aroused.
The supporters of the Republican ticket
are experiencing that panicky feeling
which is the result of premonitions of de
feat: All. along the line are the signs
which point to Tobin as the people's
choice for Mayor on November 5, and
there is much despondency in the Re
publican camp in consequence. The Re
publican County Committee has issued
Instructions to Its workers in behalf of
the ticket to leave no stone unturned to
secure the election of Wells, even at the
expense of the remainder of the tickt. In
other words, the orders of a week ago to
knife the Supervisors in the interests of
Wells have been reiterated. This move
is regarded as the only one now possible
to insure the election of the head of the
ticket.-
Tobin Adherents Active. •
The Tobin adherents say they will not
be caught napping in the eleventh hour,
and now that the Democracy is working
harmoniously in the Interest of the Dem
ocratic ticket, an Immense advantage 13
thereby secured. The reports from the
field indicate that Tobin's candidacy is
growing stronger every day. His manly
addresses, free from vituperation and
bitterness, are making themselves felt in
all quarters. Mr. Tobin may not be a
Cicero, but he speaks with intelligence
and force, and every address made by
him means an accumulation of more votes
for himself and the ticket of which he is
the head.
The call recently Issued by prominent
Germans for a mass meeting in the in
terests of Tobin for Mayor has precipi
tated statements to the effect that many
of the men signing the call are not vot
ers. At a meeting of the German-Ameri
can Club Friday evening 1 , at which Mr.
Wells was present, D. B. Faktor said
that the men who were supporting Tobin
were not voters. Oscar Hocks, one of the
signers of the call, resented this as being
untrue, and the Registrar was appealed
to for data, concerning the gentlemen's
qualifications as electors. That official
responded with the information that the
following named gentlemen who signed
the call are voters: Oscar Hocks, TV. J.
G. Muhl, Charles A. Zinkand, H. M.
Wreden, August Hansen, Emil Pohli, W.
J. Hess. A. C. Wieland, Franz Kuckeln
and Robert Capelle.
Another Case of Roosevelt
Tobln's campaign has been the cleanest
In the history of San Francisco. His
courteous treatment of. those whose op
position to him has expressed itself in
petty personalities' has won for hlm'hosts
of friends. His frankness, independence
and unlimited capacity for hard work
have inspired confidence on all hands. The
qualities he has shown as a campaigner
are the very qualities demanded in the
chief executive of a modern metropolis.
He has worked vigorously, but with dis
cretion ;-has been frank without hurting
anybody's feelings; has shown infinite
tact under trying circumstances; has
shown his ability to meet emergencies and
has convinced all who have met him of
his absolute sincerity.
This is a summary of the opinions freely
expressed yesterday by men of all shades
of political faith.
"It's another case of Roosevelt," said
one man.
Tobln will address meetings to-night In
the Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, Thirty
sixth, Thirty-seventh, Forty-second and
Forty-third Assembly districts. He will
speak in Golden Gate Hall, Park View
Hall, at Ninth avenue and H street, and
in Pioneer Hall on Fourth street.
Joseph S.Tobin,- After Being Greeted Enthusiastically by the Big Crowd,
Reviews the Work Accomplished by the Present Supervisors and
Warns People" Against Voting for Men Dominated by Corporations
City of Mexico, October 24, 1901.
No. Prize !No. Prize. |No. Prize.
56 40J 61 .' 20 101 40
• 340.. 40 4S3 40 67S 600
763 20 777 10000 802 20
SS6... 100 864 i 20 967 200
1090.. 40 1498 40 1556 100
1582.. 20 1607 20 164S 100
1657 40 17C3 20 2058 2(1
207J 20 2077 20 2190 COO
2^4 40 2337 40 2378 20
2516 1000 2622 40 2643 1000
>15 100 S.44 20 3024........ 20
S225 i<il\ 8235 100 3341 40
?435 JO 3450 40 3451 40
3o70 40 S7S2 40 3962 20
2989 100 4044 100 4172 20
4177........ 20 4334 40 4458 20
44fi7 20 4331 40 4726 40
••iwo 40! 4900 40 6201 100
£•331 20| 5457 20 5607 20
»41 4C| 6916 1000 6163 20
C2S5 20 6434 20 6453 20
5439 40 6328 20 6330 40
>jS9 20 6602 20 6623 200
ro'73 201 6C»S 40 6705 20
CS17 40| CMS 40 6S64 20
"?« 200 7220 40 7264 20
V-CS 40 7415 40 7568 20
7751 20| 7794 20 7856 20
£. 7W>5 100| 7S7S 40 8004 20
» »>0So 20 8130 20 8176 40
S3" 20 8395 40 8496 40
20 8629 20 8718 40
k.?5 20 8919 20 8944 100
$105 1001 8166 20 91S4 20
»*«« 20 9494 40 9302 20
SCC7 20] 9900 20 10C31 40
1DCC6 40|1U068 20I100S1 20
10225 20UC357 20110400 20
10416 &00|10848 40]10S71 20
10913 20I1O992 20111000 40
1ICS5 20:11199 20]11236... 20
11374 200 11335 20111367 100
11627 40.11678 2O;11715 40
31728 100 12C25 10C|120SO 20
1233S 2012372 40 12392 40
12462 2012499 20J12337 20
12712 40|l2874.; 20 12896 20
12»1» 20;i3O2» 100|l3116.: 20
13245 40|13287 20U3437 100
1?«3 20Oiir,27 40,13536 20
J2738 20;lS779 100,13802 40
12S6S 20,13901 20J13972 40
33390 £.00,14112 2fl;i41S5 20
31-15 4O.U27S 20I143C5 40
113M „ 20114475 10OU46S3 20
14715 40114966 40|1496S 20
1^202 20;i57S8 20113733 20
V-~2 2O|159C2 20113930 40
16062 20 16033 40116145 100
1C231 401162C1 20J163S1 100
16512 40, 16619 rO|16641 20
16736 4016745 20;i6781 40
1C7S3 20;lCS76 20117033 20
17161 2C0;i72»7 40*17420 20
17768 20J17S31 20;i7S48 100
17908 20.1S008 1C0I18021 40
18074 20I1813S 20;iS343 20
1S350 20:18427 40118575 4»
1*636 2018893 2OJ1S9S6 100
1M13 20,19025. 2<>;i9346 40
19378 20119413 2011946S 20
1954S 20J1956S 40il9382 40
1<»5»5 2 ,19662 40J19730 20
19S78 20 1S9S1 4t>j20105 40
T" 20445 20120480 2C20493 100
' 20667 20 ; 2!«S7 20J2CS35 20
2f«64 20;21C08 40:21044 40
21110 20121112 20 21117 20
21145.. 20:21197 20121214 20
21233 20:21270 20:21271 100
21304.. 20:21330 40J21370 20
Ti4riO 2021735 20I217S3 40
21793 4021845 100!21953 40
21968 2022093 20i22095 20
22145 40:22207 20:22260 20
22302 2<W;22472 20;22a01 40
22800 40i22W> 100,23016 20
13(39 20 23110 20123134 20
22250 4023278 20i23330 20
23403 20 23478 20!23510 20
23726 20124047 20124100 40
24195 20'243C2 40|24765 20
24774 20124911 20125079 40
23375 20',23449 10OI2570S 40
23722 20J23893 20(25957 20
26036.. ino;26O!>4 20:26139 20
26178 40126304 100126409 40
26616... 20J26S1S 40127016 20
27231.. 40'27244 40127438 100
27475.. 20J27773 20;27801 20
27907... 100|2S062 100;2S06» 40
28313... 40!2S506 100:28545 100
2>>S72 20)28723 20
28735 40.2«777 2Q12SS29 20
2S908 4029397 20129715 40
28757 20i2994S 40 3OOC4 .-. 600
30108 20130349 20130490 20
30698 20130734 20J31098 40
31109 20'3U51 40131339 100
31352.. 20:31518 40131579 20
3158? 2031609 20;31624.-. 20
31633 40,31639 40J31761 100
31934 40,31950 20(32004 20
32044 9 10032O94 20,32178 20
22191 20:32210... 20132230 20
f~ 22332 20,32334 20J32333_ 20
S2351 ' 2032372 100 32451 20
32523... 20f32530 40'323S3 20
S2605 20;32739 4o!32961 20
33030 2032141 20,33164 20
22249 40;33250 40133265 20
SS338 20:33434 20 33814 40
33S21 20I33S43 20153874.. 20
34034 40:3403* 2nfi:34S13 40
34290 2034334 20 34344 40:
34324 20|34525 20134695 40 i
34761 20 34S11 40,35069 20 1
S5177 2035218 40;35337 .20
35419 40 354SS 2Oi35631 40
23642 100 35662 100J33669 20,
35670 _ 40,35872 20,35937 40
S59S3 4QJ36C21 40,36050 20
360SJ... 20 3C231 40 36516 20
36S84 100J363S8 100136609 40
36626.... 100.38C29 200136763 40
36828.....*. 100;37037 40;37070 20
27115... A.. 20 ! 37133 20,37217 20
37221. ..W.. 20137362 40137733 20
37813 20,38014 100 38377......... 20
3S655 20188698 20J38S08 20
28867 20,38892 40J38992 40
39022 43:33175 40139218 20
39172 20139231 40,39409 20
39387 20139636 20(39887 20
40044 20|40061 200140270 100
40324 40 40439 100140554 40
40703 20;40705 20J40880 20
40906 40:40918 100 40926 20
41001 200,41009 20 41029 20
41143.. 20,41221 40 41297 100
41410... 40-41524 40|41582 20
41672 20j41715 .'. 40141794 20
4191S... 40142038 20;42094 20
42348.. 40142473 20|42651 20
4276S 40J428C2 100|42821 200
42875.. 20'42951 20|42970 20
<233S... 40 43387 100J43392 49
43487 20 43621 40;43949 100
43971 20,43396 20,44040 20
Y 44048.. 40'44088 100|44098 40
' 44187 2044402 40J44456 200
44576 20'44601 ... 100144610 20
44721 20,44728 40144727 20
44786 20144934 100.43074 100
45339 10045353 20]45361 100
4542* 2046051 40|46210 20
46237 20146270 20146345 200
46387 40.46434 40)46467 20
46468 40J46511 20146653 40
458CJ 20146922 20,46925 40
47024 2047166 20,47207 40
47225 20':47232 20 47557 40
47734 4048004 40 48014 20
4S04» 4014S3J7 200[48464 40
48503 49148532 2048800 20
4S898 20148919 20,'489jl 20
48385 40149009 200;49lj2 20
49256 40,49514 2O|49572 20
495*8 40:46664 500|49S12 200
49982 40;»000» 40150177 20
&0198 20 50288 100j50294 100
£0380 1001504S5 20|50682 100
E0703 20,50822 20j50S55 20
51055 20,51093 40151122 29
eil«S 20051297 100151406 100
E146« 20'51538 500,51576 49
E1578 20151768 2051994 20 (
C2C3S 20i52098.. 20152226 40
&23J2 20152398 20 32578. . 20
£2839 100152938 40:53019 20
C3055 20153061 20153165 40
E321S 2O.5325S 20,53299 20
t3407 40'53614 20,53689 '20
£3862........ 20!53*69 20153974 20
54056 20,54146 40i54298 20
64410 100I54411 20154430 20
£4482 40)54485 20154332 20
E4581 «. 20 54631 :.. 40,54635 100
64898 20,54987 SOO'53111 40
65144 100155223 40*55316 ino
65407 20000,55422 20155557 20
£3«97 500155703 20JS59O9 20
65926 40,05988 20,55988 20
,56010 20 06048 100156177 20
ifC213 201J6229 40J56390 \u25a0»<)
-f tMW 20:56323 20|5C567 20
' 5W90 100156685 20156763 20
SG810 40]668J« 20156899 40
66924 205«966 20166982 20
67086 40)57095 40 57215 100
67226 20(57337 20 57616 20
E761J • 40
£7633 -2057721 20|58150 40
68201 10058206 40 58268 40
68355 40 58506 20 58555 23
58S08 205*950 40 59014 60000
B9039 205912J 100]59188 20
55229 201582S0 20 5S300 1000
69327 100!39623 40 5968 1 '. 40
69772 4060148..: 20 60242 20
60J7S JO 6041S.. ...... 40 60487. 200
6O602 100 60K16 40 60886 2O0
€0932 40 61033 20 61042 100
O101 4061102 40 61128 20
C1178 20 611S5 20)61283 20
61284.. 2061870 2H«61504 20
61C20 20161781 20!
6179? 40 61848 ' 40161862 109
€1908 2061872 20 62216 40
C2279 20 62371 40 62727 200
€2836 20 62918 20 63009 20
63220 20]632» 40 62284 49
63404 20'63442 100 63455 20
C3374 20J63608 20163678 20
C3770 20163851 40163911 40
C3944 20:64027 40 64036 23
6403*. 40164185 40 64227 100
64287 20164292 100 64458 28
64640 40164729 20164765 20
649KS 20165002 100 65107 20
C227 20165432 20 653)0 609
63r,24 2O;65«3..: 100 65756 ...40
<frM 49166034 20166236 20.
i«:« 40I0C423 20166520.. ...... 100
rv?-,S 2n!66«78 4O|66740 20
CT?70 4OI6W525 40J66832 20
C14« 20O!67158 40167181 100
«72-T) 100I67231 20167319... 20
67413 50167494 ' »!67571. ........ «
fTEJJ . 20;67963........ 40 6SO32 U
DEMOCRATS GATHER AT GLEN PARK
AND HEAR ORATORY OF CANDIDATES
NUMBERS
OF THE
BENEFICEKCIA PUBLICA
No. Prize. No. Prize. |Xo. Prize.
6SH0 40,6SJ08 100|6S346........ 200
«S3S« 2068191 20|68*%. 23
6&>30 40 68638........ 20 8S660 2J
£&674 20 63059 100 6l>089 -20
woOO 20 69691 100 69794 100
69838 40 69903 20 69907 .'.. 100
69917 20 69927 40 69977 -40
•0145 20 70214 20 70263 : 100
T.0'83 40 70614 40 70762 40
i°S9S 20 70985 200 709S8 20
'1061 20 71103 2071131.. 20
711M ... 40 71173 40 71241 43
71255 > 100 71576 20 71650 4}
71769 20 71772 20 71828 20
71910 40 72045 100 72143 40
"2172 40 72227 20 7222S 40
"2255 1000 72301..: 100 72362 4)
"1462 4072S49 2072737 ..20
72823........ 40 72932 40 72957 43
73077 40 73095 40 73485 40
73527 40 73595 40 73646 40
"3653 20 73813 20 74033 40
74095 4074283 "20 74356 100
74G26 20 74C40 20 7472S 20
74785 20 7478S "40 74949 -.20
73050 100 75070 20 75075 21
75186 2075236. — 20 75239 20
75271 ;. 40 75363.: , 40 75762. 20
75907 40 76029;.* 20 76049.....;.." 40
76073 20 76159 20 76175........ 40
76181 20 76231. "20 76274 40
7C2S2 100 76413 20 76419.. 43
765C0 20 77038 ,... 20 77245 29
177361 40 77606 40 77811 40
178118 4078131 40 7S2M " 20
! 7R302 20 7R432. ....... 100 78507 201
78602 40179111 40 79136 20
79489 20179717.'.'...... 40 79767 20
79S24 20179938 40 7S9G3 40
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER .28; 1901.
5
NEW . ANNOUNCEMENT.
HAIB WON'T I 1 ALT, OUT.
If- You "Kill the Dandruff Germ "With
the New Treatment.
John N. Fuller, a well known citizen of
Coif ax, Wash., says: "I had dandruff so
badly that v lt caked on my scalp. Herpi-
cide completely cured me." . George H.
McWhirk of Walla Walla, Wash., says:
"Herpicide completely cured me of a bad
case of dandruff of 30 years' standing."
They took the only really sensible treat-
ment,' a remedy that destroys the dan-
druff germ— Newbro's Herpicide. Stop
dandruff, hair won't fall out, but will
grow naturally, luxuriantly. Allays Itch-
ing instantly and makes hair glossy and
soft as silk. At druggists. One bottle
will convince any doubter of its merits.
DR.MEYERS&CO, Ji@i%
Specialists. Disease Mjjj&jffi $k
and weakness of W$f$ _r
men. Established wj&s /*££*%£$
1881. Consultation ifrt *^^ F^l
and private book \jv&- /A I
free, at office or by jfctigt$U
mall. Cures guar- \$M&s£dm
anteed. 7ftl Mar- 2^**&Gg^Wi
ket street (eleva- >flV / ><Mii&«L^
tor . entrance), San
Francisco. \u25a0 •
EMERCES'
ft-5r FAVORBTE
pSCElPTION
JL FOR WEAK WOMEN.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Pries Lists Mailed
; on Application.
» BILLIARDS, POOL AND BAR FIXTURES.
Bt. Germain Billiard Co.. late Jacob Strahla
& Co. (est'd. 1862), 17 and 19 Fremont at.; upon
Installment or rented; also beer apparatus. *
. COAL.'COKE AND Pld IRON.
I T WII SAV fe C(\ S 00 Battery Street.
J* t- nlLollfl U WU-. Telephone Main 1861.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
I1C RflVEQ * Trt Shipping: Butchers. 1M
JA> D\t I tj tt LU. clay. Tel. Main 1294.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS.- LEONARD & ELLIS.
\u25a0 418 Front »t.. 8.' F. . Phono Main TIM. ,
PRINTING.
E. C* flUOff ES» "' Bll Eansonn »t.. 3. W. -
&V& PRINTERS,' BOOKBINDERS. r
. THE HICKS-JUDD CO.." >. , ! - r
: . ,". .. . S3 First street. San FrancUco.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Transatlantic Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG. GERMANY. OX THE 31ST
day of December. A. 13. UHX). and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Call- :
furnia. pursuant to the Provisions of Sections
€10 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as ,
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $554,715 00
Cash in Company's Office and in
Banks 13,773 72 ;
Certificates of Deposit in hands of
Trustees 20,032 74
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 4.755 00
Premiums in due Course of Collection. 61,619 23
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 248 00
Due from other Companies for Re-ln-
t-u ranee on losses already paid 179 93
Total Assets $655,344 54
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $5,537 50
Losses in process of Adjustment or in
Suspense 23,817 33
Losses resisted, including expenses.... 10,727 50
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running
one year or less, $365,295 73; re-ln-
. suranre 60 per cent 1S2.647 87
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running
more than one year, 1197,943 72; re-
insurance pro rata 107,639 35
All other Liabilities 15.3S4 17
Total Liabilities $345,273 72
IXCOME. "
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $423,41121
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from all
other sources 17,427 23
Received from Home Office B7.839 98
Total Income $498,678 47
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding $80,308 18, losses of previous
years) $131,470 92
i Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 101,467 16
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
i charges for ofHcers, clerks, etc 28.SS3 53
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 13,33130
All other payments and expenditures.. 48,265 39
Total Expenditures $623,418 30
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks ,
written during the
year I $55,987,935 $658,926 88
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 78,549,991 SOI, 276 62
Net amount in force
December 31. 1300... 42,960,411 663,239 45
~~ ADOLPH I.OEB U. S. Manager.
Subscribed and eworn to before me, this 30th
day of January, 1901.
MARK A. FOOTE, Notary Public.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
ESTABLISHED IN 1872,
213 SANSOME STREET,
SAX FRANCISCO, CAI*
V. GARUS DRIFFIELD, Manager.
H. DANKER, Assistant Manager.
@Y1M. VIGOR. VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church^and their
followers. Positively cure the
worst cases in old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood, Impotency, Lost
Power, Night Lowes, Insom-
nia, Pains in Back. Evil Desires, Lame Back.
Nervous Debility, Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen. /—» Varicocele or Con-
st Jpation. Stop Ner CM vous Twitching of
Eyelids, Effects are £Z,ijZ m Immediate, Im-
part vigor and pote CEHTa ncy to every func-
tion Don't get despondent; a cure is at hano.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers: 60c a box: 6 for
$2 50 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis St..
San Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO., 38
and 40 Third st. •
b visit DR. JORDAN'S great4
Museum of anatomy J
9 (31 1051 xisxxier. let. e^*7ui,B.rcai.i
\ Cf The Ltrrett Anitotaical Museum in the \
M _ttjki_ World. Weaknesses or any contracted m
* Cc^lZrJ *«»« l>»"'«'»*ly cmrm* by the oldest T
/ffiSSSl 5>pea»list on tht Co«t. E»L 36 years. Q
4 dfff 0 DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN / 1
\ ff $*l$ll Constitution free and stilrtly prlvlte.
\u25a0 I iWr R Treatment perjonally or by letter. A|
\ I 1/ SI \u25a0 Pnitivt Curt in every case undertaken. '
ill It A Write for Book, rif ILOHOrStVaf/ |
'II II H*«ni»CK, MAILED FEES. ( A. \
A <i (!\u25a0 »aluable book Tor mm) l
V OK. JOBDAN & CO., 1051 Market St.. S. F. I '
Cl 1)
MARKET ST. SL
AIPP fin If It Corner Fourth and
I ALL U 1 1 W II I Market. S . F. Try
I llrr nlllill our Special Brew.
Lml L llUIHI_ steam and J^"Ber.
Will I. t. II \J I I I L. 5& , overcoats and
. valises checked free.
\A/. T. HESS,
JTOTABT PUBLIC AND ATTOEHET-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldg.
Teleohone Main 983.
Residence, £21 California st.. below Powell.
Residence Telephone James 1501. . .
:'.-•' v k ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE .--» H V_^a'
222-224 S UTTER ST.
ARRIVED.
Shipment of ADAMS SPRINGS
MINERAL WATER — for kidney,
liver trouble and constipation it has
no equal. Thousands of testimonials
for your inspection. See special
price below."
SPECIALREDUCT10HS.
MONDAY— TUESDAY— WEDNESDAY.
BUTTER, 45c square
Fancy creamery. Reg. 55c.
ADAMS SPBIN6S WATER
Regr. $2.25 dozen quarts SI. 05
Regr. $7.75 case of 50 quarts... $7.25
We allow $1.50 on return of case
with empty bottles. .
HAMS, Finest Eastern, '&'£ lb 14|c
SCALES, Wel3 h h e r$? 5 2 o 4 lbs> $U5
Guaranteed accurate.
CARPET SWEEPERS, $3.08
Blssell's American Queen: cyco
bearing; dust proof casing; nickel
plated. Reg. $3 50.
O.K. WHISKY, 10 years old
Reg. $1.00, 1 bottle. 75c
3 bottles *2.O<>
Reg. $4.00 gallon .......$3.OO
Absolute purity guaranteed.
CHERRIES IN MARASCHINO,
Reg. 70c quart bottle ....f>Oc
Reg. 50c pint bottle 4Oc
.Reg. 30c %-plnt bottle....... 25c
"Victor" brand: superior to all
others. The smaller sizes specially
put up for family use.
CT AffFT ** Sood. sound table n_l 9C r
VL.AHEI, wine. Reg. 50c. Ual. MC
OLIVE 01L, c br i n s d an R t e a g A^ c Lge.boU5c
The purest and highest grade pro-
duced.
PIM-OLAS, R e B g ab &c. '3bots.5«c
Stuffed with sweet Spanish peppers.
SOCIETY TEA, 7 £? b Ib 60c
Sample package 10c
If not entirely satisfied with your,
tea try "Society" brand— it pleases
many.
ACORN (EICHEL) COFFEE, lb 20c
From Germany. Reg. 25c.
The best substitute for regular cof-
fee.'
TURKISH BATH SOAP, bxl2cks50c
"Colgate's." Reg;. 60c.
GARDEN PEAS ("New Era")
Reg. 20c, tin 15c
Reg. $2.25, dozen ..351.75
Equal to imported.
COCOANUT, Schepp's, Mb 20c pkg, 15c
Known to be the best.
AMMONIA, Greer's Washing, bot. 20c
Regr. 25c.
DATES, Staffed, &f; box 25c
With nuts and fruits. Very dahity.
Smoke LEBENBAUM'S Fine Cigars.
FREIGHT PREPAID WITHIN*
100 MILES.
AMUSEMENTS.
EVERT EVKNING-MATINEB SATURDAY.
Acknowledged to Be the Best, the Biggest, the
Grandest and Most Picturesque Melo-
dramatic Production.
The New York and London Success,
Sporting Life!
Unsurpassed in
COMEDY and • STARTLING CLIMAXES.
NOTE.— Six Kentucky Thoroughbred Race
Horses Introduced Durinsr the Action of the I
Play.
SEATS READY.
Next Monday Night— "In Old Kentucky."
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
EXTRA!
Ellinghouse and Oppenheimer Beg to Announce
THREE EXPLANATORY RECITALS AT
THE PIANO ON
WAGllTEJIVS
persifalA-die meistersinger. :
Tristan und Isolde.
(Preliminary to the Season of the Metropoli-
tan Opera Co.),
By
MR. WALTER DAMROSCH.
SCALE OF PRICES — Season— three recitals-
Orchestra $4, Balcony $2 60; Single Seats, Or-
chestra. $1 50; Balcony, Jl; Gallery, 50c.
SUBSCRIPTION SEATS NOW READY.
SINGLE SEAT SALE THURSDAY.
GRANDS
MATINEES SATURDAY • AND SUNDAY.
To-night end Every Evening? This Week.
WALTER B. PERKINS,
The' Clever Comedian, In
"MY FRIEND FROM INDIA,"
Another of H. A. Du Souchet's Funny Comedies
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 15c, 25c, 60c. 73c.
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees, 23c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
NEXT. WEEK \u25a0
Walter E. Perkins In "THE NEW BOT."
Belasco tt Thall, Managers.
TO-NIGHT.
A Popular Revival of
TENNESSEE'S
' Bret Harte's Beautiful Romance.
MATINEES SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
Seats on Sale Six Days in Advance.
PRICES— 15c, 25c, 35o. 80c and 75c.
Next— "NANCY AND COMPANY."
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
SHE LENTON TRIO, BELLE WIL-
LIAMS, THE MARTINEZ, SID
BAXTEK, SWOB AOT) HATHA-
WAY, THE liTTNDGltENS.
; NEW MOVING^PiCTURES.
HARRY HARMON \
IN HIS SENSATIONAL HIGH DIVE.
THURSDAY NIGHT- 1 —
—THE AMATEURS.
Telephone for Seats Park 23.
FISCHER'S con a^rt o housb.
. GEISSLER - HIRSCHHORN • TYROLEAN
TROUPE; Symo and Syma; CelU De Lacy
The Laskeys; Christy and Willis; Christian-
Harry Cooper and Hinrichs' Orchestra.
' i Reserved Seats, . 25c. Matinee Sunday.
AMUSEMENTS.
f*fll IIUDIA SAJ1 FBAUKSCO'S
WUsUUlWlDIA LEADING THEATRE
LAST 6 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATCRDAT.
STUART ROBSON
In Bronson Howard's Greatest Comedy.
"THE HENRIETTA."
MR. ROBSON AS BERTIE. THE LAMB.
Last Performance Saturday Night. \u25a0 .
' F.YTRAf BEGINNING
"^ * ***** NEXT MONDAY.
Engagement of
SARAH COWELJL
11 MOYNE,
AMERICA'S GRANDEST ACTRESS,
In the Brilliant Historical Flay.
THE FIRST CHARLES
duchess of MB n L^.
MARLBOROUGH "JSs&S?
SEAT SALE BEGINS THURSDAY.
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
LAST WEEK OF GRAND OPERA.
TO-NIGHT GRAND TESTIMONIAL TO
DIRECTOR PAUL STEINDORFF.
Wednesday, Friday, Saturday Nights,
"CARMEN."
Tuesday, Thursday. Sunday Nights and Satur-
day Matinee.
"LA BOHEME."
Monday, Nor. 4— First Apearance In America; of
POLLARD'S JUVENILE OPERA CO.
In THE BELLE OF NEW YORK.
50 TALENTED CHILDREN.
Saturday and Sunday Matinees.
POPULAR PRICES 25c. 60c and T5o
Telephone Bush 9.
] — '\u25a0 r —
ALL HEADLINERS!
Lillian Burkhart and Co., Miyo San,
Leslie Brothers, Harris and 'Wal-
ters, Beaux and Belles, Mignonette
Kokln, Francis Le Page, John
Geiger and the Biograph.
Reserved Seats,- 25<?: Balcony, 10c; Box Seata
and Opera Chairs, 50c.
Betfnnln* TO-NIGHT-A11 This Week.
MATINEES SATURDAY and SUNT>AY.
THE GREAT
NORTHWEST.
The Moot Stupendously Spectacular of All
Great Melodramas.
The Blffgest Production of the Season.
Mirce Evenings 10c, 15c, 25c, 35c, 50o
1WEJ Matinees 10c. 15c. JSo
\u25a0
SUTRO BATHS.
OF»EIS NIGHTS.
Open Dally from 7 a. m. to U p. m.
Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. 5c.
Bathing; Including- admission, 25c. Children, 20c
ON AND AFTER MONDAY, NOV. 4. MM,
THE SUTRO BATHS CLOSE AT « P. M.
PALACE HOTEL.
For a quarter of a century these
hotels have been the headquarters of
tourists and travelers who have
journeyed from all parts of the world
to San Francisco, j Guests enter-
tained on the American or European
plan. •". <j
GRAND HOTEL.
STATEMENT
— OF THE— • . '
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— OP THB —
Fidelity and Deposit
COMPANY,
OF BALTIMORE. IN THE STATB OF
Maryland, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1900, and for the year ending: on that
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner
'of the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of Sections <10 and fill of the Political
Cods, condensed as per blank furnished by the
Commissioner 1
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up la
Cash .11,800.000 W
ASSETS. "
Real Estate owned by Company »60O.00O 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company J,M4.3o7 00
Cash tn Company's Office 41.S1S 14
Cash In Banks J77.J71 R
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 9T.873 09
Total Assets H.38tM3W
LIABILITIES. ~ "
Losses adjusted and unpaid 14,479 83
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 43.127 M
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 103,533 33
Gross premiums on Risks running
one year or less. $ ; rein-
surance 50 per cent - 630,243 39
Total Liabilities IS05.409 a
\AzfJi' /income. "
Net cash actually received for pre-
miums I1,133.J«3 47
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans and from
All other sources j 133,«7t 43
Received for Rents 38,453 32
Received from all other sources 73.743 53
Total Income 11,386,130 75
EXPENDITURES. ~~~
Ket amount paid for Losses (lnclud-
: ing f. ....... 1., losses of previous
years) 1371.259 8*
Dividends to Stockholders 262,447 SO
Patd or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage J73.2S1 54
Paid for . Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 77,833 M
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes B2.J19 11
All other payments and expenditures 179.391 44
' Total Expenditures U.222.514 »
EDWIN WARPIELT>. President.
HARRT NICODEMU3, Ass't Secretary. ., ;„,
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 8th
day of January. 190L FRED S. AXTELL.
____ Notary Public
FRANK L. GILBERT,
GENERAL AGENT,
ROOMS a-4 :^S
Tenth Floor Mills Building,
San Frsmclaco.
Weekly Call v $1.00 per YearCurtis' Blue Dog- Wins
Final in John Grace
Cup Stake.
STAKE HONORS
GO TO BEACON
LEXINGTON. Ky., Oct. 27.-FewMncI
dents in recent years have .created' so
great a sensation among horsemen as the
Intense Peeling Among. Men
Who Try .Yearlings on
the Course.
Kentucky Horse Owners
Up in Arms Over
MOVE A POST
ON RACETRACK
TO ARRIVE. . -
Steamer. - From. . | Duo.
Alliance........ Portland & Coos Bay..|Oct. 28
Sequoia Humboldt Oct. - 2a
Rival AViUapa Harbor Oct. 28
Asuncion - Tacoma .-. Oct. 28
Tellus Oyster Harbor " Oct. 23
Robt. Dollar.. Seattle and Hadlock... Oct. 29
Mackinaw Tacoma Oct. 29
Corona.... San Pedro & Way Pts. Oct. " 23
Edith Seattle i Oct. 29
Kureka "... Humboldt........ Oct. 29
W. H. Kruger. Tlllamook Bay ..' Oct. ' 29
Curacao Mexican Ports Oct. za
Gaelic China and Japan Oct. 29
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Forts...... Oct. -Z9
G. Dollar.. Grays -Harbor ......... Oct. 29
North Fork.... Humboldt Oct. ou
Alameda Honolulu ................. Oct. 3o
Despatch San Pedro Oct. 30
Sesostrls....:.. Seattle Oct. 31
J. S. Kimball. Seattle and Tacoma.... Oct. 31
bantaRosa....' San Diego & Way Pts. Oct. 31
Point Arena... Point Arena ..Oct. 31
Columbia...... Portland and Astoria.. Nov. 1
Rainier........ Seattle & N. Whatcom Nov. 1
Umatllla Puget Bound Ports Nov. 3
Newport....... Panama &.Way Ports Nov. 3
State of Cal... San Diego & Way Pta. Nov. - 3
TO* SAIL. :
Steamer. - Destination. JSalU.j Pier.
- October SS. | .
Thyra China and Japan.. ....... Pier 27
Newburg..... Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Santa Ana... Seattle &. Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 2
Noyo Humboldt :v. B pm Pier 3
San Juan Panama & Way Pts 12 m PMSS
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier -9
• - October 20.
Empire.. Coos Bay....'....:.:. 4 pm Pier 13
Crarina :. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier S
l'onionu.. Humboldt .......... l:3u u ±»ler »
•-•' Oeiober 3O. -...,.
Alliance .. Portland & C. Bay 8 am Pier 16
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
G. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
October 31.
Leelanaw.... N.' Y.-; via Panama. 2 pm Pier 10
.Eureka ... Humboldt '...'.'....;. 9 am Pier IS
Arcata........ C. Bay & Pt Orford 10 am Pier 13
City of Pekln China' & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
Sequoia Humboldt ..; 5 pm Pier 2
Rival......... Wlllapa. Harbor.... 12 m 5th St.
; \u25a0 .\u25a0 November -I.
Despatch:.... Seattle direct . v ;..;l 5 pm Pier —
G. Dollar Grays -Harbor .... 6 pm Pier 2
November' 2..;.
Alameda....". Honolulu- :.......... 2 pm Pier 7
Walla Walla. Puget SoumhPorts Ham Pier 9
North Pork.. Humboldt ...... 9 am Pier i
American.... Honolulu '.."....:.'..". ....... Pier 20
Corona.....;.. Newport & Way... 9 amlPier 11
Point Arena. Point 'Arena. ....:: 2pm|Pler . 3
. FROM SEATTLE. - V'. \u25a0\u25a0
Steamer. ' , From.; ' " \u25a0 I Du». •
Dlrlgo... ....... Skaguay.A Way Ports. | Oct. '31
City of Seattle Skaguay & "Way Ports. I Nov. 1
Humboldt:....: Skaguay & Way' Ports. Nov. 3
Two miles overhead there Is- a" pleasant
summer,temperature,-and;eleven miles up
it la 88. below zero. - ......
; Edward Lunthy, a sailor, . was nearly
asphyxiated by - gas early : yesterday
morning, at 48 East street. . It-was a 'case
of water front whisky and \u25a0 blowing, out
the" gas.' He was resuscitated at -the Har
bor .Hospital. ... .. .. _ .
The . army transport Meade") with six
companies of the engineers should get" in
this evening. 1 .., ..... .. .. v,..
1 The steamship Klek got away for Eu
rope with wheat yesterday.' Before sail-
Ing the \ captain came .to the conclusion
that some of his mutineers would be bet
ter ashore than" aboard, so he turned them
over to "Tommy" Rowley and they .were
landed "oni the beach."-- Three of -them
swore that their first attempt as soon as
the vessel got .to sea -and they were . re
leased from irons * would be ' to murder
the captain and mate. The captain came
to. the conclusion at the last moment 1 that
San Francisco was a good place to leave
his mutinous sailors. ...
Water Front Notes.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 27.— Bad throws
beat Sacramento to-day in a game which
was snappy for five innings. The muddy
field was responsible for • many wild
throws and made good base running im
possible. Five double plays enlivened the
game. Levy presented the Senators with
their only run by calling Sullivan's toy!
hi* fair. Score:
LOS ' AXGELKS.
AB. R. BH. SB. TO. A. E.
HemphUU V-t........ 4 0 0 0 1 0 0
Dougherty, r. f 4 110 10 1
Householder, c {:... 3 11-0 00 0
Reitz. 2b 4 0 10 8 10
Kihm. 3b 4 11 0 12 0 0
Relliy. 3b «. 3 0 2 0 2 3 0
K«lly. e. m .3 0 1 0 1.8 1
Fples. c 3 2 3 0 5 2 0
• McPartlln, p 4 1 0 • 0 • 1 : J. / 0
TcUls 32 « 10 0 27 12 ~2
r v'., SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Flood. Tb 2-00,0 J » 1
Sheehen. 3b S 0 1 0 2 4 2
Courtney, c. f 2 -0 1 0 2 0 0
Hotter, r. f 4 0 10 8" 0-' 2
Davis, lb.... 4 0 10 7 0 1
MrLauffhiln. 1. f '* 0 0 0 J J 1
Deveresux, a. s 4 0 2 0 8 2 0
Sullivan, c 4 11 0 3 1 0
McN'eeley, p 4 0 10 0 1 0
' Totals SI 1 8 0 24 12 7
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. ,.
Los Anreles 0 0 0 0'2 1 21 •— 6
Base hits 0 2 0 0 2 13 2 •— 10
Sacramento 0 0 0100000—1
Dase hits. 2 0 12 0 1 0 11—8
SUMMARY.- :
Runs responsible for— McNeeley 1, McPartlin
' I. Two-bare hits— Reltz, Hotter, Sullivan.
Courtney. Firet base - on errors— Los Angeles
I. 6acraraento 1. First base on called balls-
Lee Anscle* 1, • Sacramento 5. Left on bases—
Los Angeles E, Sacramento 8. Struck out— By
MoPartlln 6. by McNeeley 1. Hit by pitcher—
Reilly. Double plays— Kheehan to Davis; Shee
lian to Flood to Davis; McPartlin to Kihm;
Spies, to Reitz; Kihm. unassisted. Time of
fc«.me-l:K. Umpire— Levy.
Doable Plays at Los Angeles.
= The Aryan made a splendid'- run from
Baltimore and her. performance will.prob
ably make the rates on the Roanoke and
Benjamin- F. -Packard, now classed as
overdue,"- go up. The Aryan came from
50 in the Atlantic around; the Horn to 50
In r the Pacific in twelve days, and then
crossed the equator on October ,7, making
the run from thence to San Francisco in
twenty days, a magnificent performance.
The Pegasus also made a very fine voy
age, coming here from Swansea . iiS IIS
daysl A number of French ' vessels are
behind her and they 'also are classed
among the overdues.
The Pierre Loti made the run from
Swansea' in 155 days. All told she must
have spoken a dozen vessels, but saw no
sign of the overdues now behind time
from Wales.' On October .18 she spoke
the'.Amiral de Cornulier bound for Port
lapd. : • ' ' •
The Orontes made a fair run of sixty
seven days from Australia, while the Alex
ander was twenty-six days coming: from
Hawaii. Neither of / them had any inci
dents to note. .'
News of the Windjammers.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0: .' '.. Friday, October 25.
Stmr Signal, Bendegard, , 38 \u25a0 hours from - Eu
reka; Maxtlnez direct. \u25a0 < '• -
; ' ... ' \u25a0 , Sunday, October 27.
Stmr Matteawan, Croscup, 87 hours from Ta
coma. '\u25a0'.- \u25a0
Stmr Empire, Macgenn, 38% hours from Coos
Bay. .............
Mmr Newburg, Peterson, 37 hours from Port
Los Angeles.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 18 hours from Eureka,;
Btmr Santa Barbara, . Zaddart, 87 . hours from
Whatcom; bound for San Pedro; put in to land
passengers.
» Stmr San Jose, Brown, "21 days from Pa
nama, via Mazatlan 6 days.' . . . -
Stmr Newsboy, Corning, 94 hours from Grays
Harbor, •\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 . , .
Stmr Bonlta, - Nopander, 64 ' hours from Re
dondo, etc. •\u25a0 * - '.•./'
Stmr Alex Duncan, Smith, \u25a0 26 hours .from
Port Harford. >.y • -. \u25a0 -
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, 61 hours from
Portland, \u25a0 via Astoria 50 hours. •
I Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund, I 15 hours j from
Greenwood." .'.-\u25a0 •\u25a0,.'• .
Stmr National City, Dettmers, 15 hours from
Fort Bragg. \u25a0 •-:\u25a0;: •.-.' \u25a0
Nor stmr Tltania, Egvnes, \u25a0 4 days from Na
nalroo. '.\u25a0\u25a0".\u25a0\u25a0,." . . .; . .\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0.-.-\u25a0\u25a0-'
Ship Aryan, Pendleton, 116 days from Balti
more. '-. y \u25a0 . \u25a0\u25a0 .. ' \u25a0• \u25a0 \u25a0'\u25a0 -\u25a0 \u25a0 .\u25a0;• j>v .- \u25a0\u25a0;
Br ship Orontes, Bain, 67 . days , from • New
castle, Aua. - J ' •. . - "... •
Br \u25a0 ship .. Pegasus, Moul ton, . 117 . days .from
Swansea. . - . . • • .
Bark Electra, Petersen, 34 days from Altik.
. Fr bark Pierre Loti, Trotel, 155 days from
Swansea.
Schr ' Mary C, Campbell, 8 hours from Bo- '
dega. . • ' \u25a0 \u25a0 • \u25a0.'\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0.-\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0 : '-\u25a0..;
Schr Sacramento. Gruggel,- 13 - days . from
Sluslaw. -
Schr S ' T Alexander, Jacobsen," 26 days from
Kahului. . • .\u25a0\u25a0- - . \u25a0\u25a0 v . ... ". •\u25a0> •:•.•/-.
BAILED.
, ..' : Sunday, October 27.
Stmr Luella, Mad sen, Casi>ar. ' -. - \u25a0• •" •
Stmr Alcazar, Martin." . '"-' •
Stmr South Coast. « Olsen, -. - • . • -:"{;\u25a0/
Stmr Homer, Donaldson, '.\u25a0 • \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 -.-._.
Stmr Chico,' Jensen, . ••. •\u25a0 - \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0'
Stmr /Alex-Duncan, Smith;- —. . —'. ~ - .,
; Stmr Santa" Rosa, Alexander, 'San Diego.. •
' Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, San Pedro. '
Stmr. Ruth, Andflndsen, . -..,:. . • J
Stmr Coronado, Johnson. '\u25a0 Seattle.
• Aus. stmr. Klek. Kissellck. . Antwerp. . _..* „
Ship W,H Ma cy, Groth. Port Gamble.
Bark Levl G Burgess, Younggren, Tacoma.
Bark Roderick Dhu, • Johnson, \u25a0 Hilo. \u25a0\u25a0 * ~ .
Schr i S i Danlelson, \u25a0 Nelson. ", - in tow ' of stmr
Ruth. ---- \u25a0-- - •\u25a0 .„•\u25a0;- \u25a0'-._\u25a0;:, ...-.„. .
•Schr C S Holmes, .Thompson, \u25a0 Tacoma. -
-'.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 SPOKEN.-i
1 Per Fr bark Pierre Loti—Oet 18, ' lat 29 30 N,
Ion 135 25 ,W, • Fr bark- Amiral de t Cornulier, \u25a0
from r Liverpool,' for_ - Oreiton. — — , •
•'Per Br shin Pegasus— Oct 24, lat 33 20 N. Ion
128 47 ,W, .Brr shin* Marlon'. Frazer, 'from New
castle,'Aus,'for-San'.Francisco. •'\u25a0:•.-:.'>- : ,
. Auc - 19, lat ' 36 02 ' S, \u25a0 Ion 47 , 41 W-Br ship
The Elmwoodfarm horses 'arrived at the
Oakland track yesterday from Chicago.
In Argregor, Charles Boots has one of
the best three-year-olds in the West. He
has ' repeatedly refused tempting offers
for the son of Brutus.- ' - - -'
Gus Bluhnv the widely known. Chicago
bookmaker, will be here on Thursday.
Henry Wendt, who is connected with
George Rose, will probably cut in on
opening day at Oakland. Henry* put in a
prosperous season Bast.
Elm-wood Farm- Horses Here.
The San Juan brought no cabin passen
gers, but six in the steerage ana three
Chinese in transit. \u25a0 The general cargo
was small, but among it was 140 bars of
silver, valued at $116,1*00, and four bars of
gold, valued at 55000. Nearly the whole
of the treasure was shipped by the New
York and Honduras Gold Mining Com
pany and the Companla Mineral de
Panuo. ' ", . : \u25a0 ;
Quite a number of vessels arrived yes
terday. Among them, was the French
bark Pierre L.oti from Swansea, American
ship Aryan from Baltimore, British ship
Orontes : from Newcastle, J 'Australia;
American schooner S. T. Alexander from
Kahului, the British ship Pegasus from
Swansea and the steamship/ San Juan
from Panama. ." .
Lady Wentworth, from Hamburg, for San
Francisco.
; . TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct 27, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind south, velocity 12 miles per hour.
'\u25a0'\u25a0 DOMESTIC PORTS.
S TACOMA— Arrived Oct 27— Stmr Olympia,
from China and Japan; bark Galena, from
Royal Roads. \u25a0 -
. Sailed Oct 27— U S transport \u25a0 Esrbert. for
Seattle; U S stmr Columbine, for Astoria,
SAN DIEGO-Sailed Oct 27— Stmr Bruns
wick, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived Oct 27— Stmr Columbia,
hence Oct 25; bktn Tarn o' Shanter, hence
Oct 18. , • ' ~ \u25a0 :-
FORT BLAKELET— Arrived Oct 27- r Bark
Vidette, from San Pedro; schr John A Camp
bell, hence Oct 6.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 27— Schr Azalea, from
San Diego; schr O M Kellogg, from San Pedro;
schr Allen A, from Port Los Angeles.
Sailed Oct 27— Schr Abbie, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Sailed Oct 27— Schr Western
Home, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in Oct 27— Stmr
Olympia, from Hongkong, for Tacoma; stmr
Garrone, from Nome, for Seattle;- Br ship Ga
lena, from Callao. - '. • ,
Arrived Oct 27— Schr . Wm H Smith, from
Honolulu.: . .
' Sailed Oct 27— Shin Hawaiian Isles, from
Chemainus, for Port Plrie. . \u25a0 -
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Oct 27— Ger stmr
Sesostrls, from Tacoma and Seattle, and sailed
for San Francisco. - - . - • .
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW. YORK— Arrived Oct 27— Stmr . La
Champagne, from Havre; stmr Nord Amerlka,
from Genoa and Palermo ; stmr Potsdam, from
Rotterdam. . "
- Sailed Oct 27— Stmr Hawaiian, for San Fran
cisco, via Honolulu.
LIZARD— Passed Oct 27— Stmr. Kaiser Wll
helm der Groase, from New York, for Ply
mouth, Cherbourg and ' Bremen; stmr Mlnne
haha, from New York, for London; stmr Penn
land. Philadelphia. .
\u25a0• ISLE OF MAN— Passed Oct 27— Stmr Sarma
tlan. from Montreal," for Glasgow. \u25a0 . - ...
MOVILLE— Arrived Oct 27— Stmr Parisian,
from Montreal and Quebec, for Liverpool, and
proceeded.' • , . \u25a0 :
, GIBRALTAR— Sailed Oct 27— Stmr Umbria,
from Liverpool, for New . York. * / \u25a0 -\u25a0
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to Oct 27— Stmr
Peru, from San l Francisco, via Honolulu. \u25a0
CAPTAIN- SPARTEL— Passed Oct 27— Stmr
Lahn, from New York, for Gibraltar. , \u25a0
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United - States Coast - and Geodetic Survey —
.. Times and - Heights of "• High . ana . Low
\u25a0 Waters . at Fort / Point. - entrance • to . San^
Francifico : Bay. • Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
• NOTE— The high, and low waters occur' at
tha city front (Mission-street wharf) \u25a0 about
j. wenty-flve minutes later than . at • Fort Point ;
the j height of . tide is the same at ' both : places.
NEWS OF THE SEA AND ALONG THE BAY
given is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference is the mean of
the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
: The spectators, who were all familiar
with the finer-points of the game, were
unsparing in their applause throughout
the match. Every good play by either
team was received with handclapplng and
and fifth, Hampton and Collins captur
ing the second and third. The score fol
lows: \u25a0 \u25a0 ._ . :
Fitzgerald and Nealon.... 21 20 17 21 21
Hampton and Collins...:.. 18 21 21 7 15
: The champion has - been accustomed to
the single-handed game. When play, be
came exciting and there was. a point to
be scored or a ball "killed" he gave no
heed to - his partner, but went after it.
He was /all over the court, and despite
his lack of practice stood the severe strain
of "the match well. -
JAMES F. FITZGERALD, champion
handball player of the. world,
proved his right. to that , title yes
terday at Phil ' Ryan's 'court. ' With
James C. .Nealon as partner he eas
ily defeated Hampton and Collins. The
little amphitheater on Howard street was
crowded to the point of suffocation with
men . enthusiastic over- the Irish game
which is making such rapid headway,
both as a sport and a pastime.
Fitzgerald and the veteran "Cousin
Jim" Nealon were pitted against Al
Hampton and "Joe" Collins, both recog
nized as being of the champion class on
this coast. Of the five games played Fitz
gerald and Nealon won the first, fourth
cheers. The sharp exchanges pleased the
enthusiasts, who were quick to note every
move of the great quartet of players.
Fitzgerald 'expressed himself as being
somewhat hampered by the regulation re-'
quiring a player to serve to either the
right or left court instead of. any part of
the court, as is the custom in champion
ship games. . . •
As he said: "If you are fighting a man
who; has but one arm, -that is all you
have to watch. There Is no fear of a
blow from a second arm. So in handball
if. the service is- in one court that is all
you have to watch. . I prefer the other
style, as you keep a player on the jump
all the time. He never knows where the
next ball is coming from." . \u25a0 /
Fitzgerald wlll.be on the coast some
time and will take part In other matches.
FavonloUB 112 Byron Rose 101
Greyfeld 112 Varro ...100
1a Goleta Ill De Capo 100
The Fretter 110 Imperious ............ 98
Hard Knot :..110iBangor 9S
Articulate. 110 Montallade 97
Xones 110 Impromptu 97
Itlo Shannon 108 1 Pope Leo 96
F. W. Brode 108 Bell Punch 95
Sir Hampton 107 Morinel 95
Flush of Gold 107 Spike 95
Janice ....... :.106 Dangerous Maid 93
Rubicon 106 Cavator 95
Ordnung 106 Bab 95
Hagerdon 1C6 Maresa ."95
Paul Clifford 105 Diderot 95
Yellowtail 105 Bernota 95
Scotch Plaid 105 Edna Brown :. 95
Beau Ormonde ....7.105 Marshall NIel 95
Rey Dare 105 Icicle .". 95
Greenock ...104 Sunello ; 95
Rushfields 103 Pcsltion 90
Green Morris' Crack Three- Year-Old
Water. Cure Is Allotted the .
Heaviest Impost.
Handicapper Brooks of the new Califor
nia Jockey Club has issued his allotment
of weights to be carried next Saturday at
Oakland in the Opening handicap. Green
Morris' great three-year-old,- Water Cure,
carries the heaviest impost. Form figur
ers will have a week in which to decide
on the horse they think will catch the
Judges' eyea first. The weights are as
follows: ' \u25a0 ' " ' • '.
Water Cure ..lWIAutolite ...: 103
Argregor 113! Tower of Candles... 1C2
All Green 112}Obla 101
Roehampton ..... 112lRosormonde ."...:. ...101
WEIGHTS FOR OPENING
HANDICAP AT OAKLAND
CAUGHT ON THE.FLTrBYVrHE CALL'S 'CARICATURIST. AT" RYAN'S?HANDBAX,L-CO1EJRT-YESTERDAY WHEN
' CHAMPION f FITZGERALD ENGAGED IN A MATCH. WITH LOCALi EXPERTS AND SHOWED THEM SOME
NEW TRICKS IN THE IRISH GAME.. , ;, , -
suspicion; first given utterance last Thurs
day, investigated on Friday and proven on
Saturday, that one of the poles marking
the distances at the racetrack had been
moved on Wednesday night. This made
the pole marking three-eighths of a mile
from the timers' stand forty to forty-five
fe,et less than the supposed distance.' The
pole was in its proper place again Thurs
day night. . •
Had It been that only the usual work
outs were given it would have made no
greater difference than that several men
who on Thursday thought they had phe
nomenal yearlings found their mistake
later. There was, however, a gentleman
from New York, Mr. Hill, the representa
tive of Clarence Mackay, who was there
on Thursday and saw a yearling make the
short three-eighths in 36% seconds. He re
turned with an option on the colt, said to
be $$000. Trainers at the track made the
discovery as to the change in the position
of the pole. While no one Is suspected, a
popular demand for an investigation led
to the following call for a meeting on
Tuesday:
All- those interested In the breeding, training
or retiring of thoroughbred horses are request
ed to meet at the Phoenix Hotel in this city.
Tuesday noon; for the purpose of taking such
action as may be necessary to determine the
truth of reports that a pole, supposed to mark
three-efjrhtns of -a mile from the wire, on the
Kentucky Association racetrack, was moved,
and. if the reports be found correct, • to take
such action as may be .necessary to expose and
punish the person or -persons guilty of mov
ing it. ...
The call Is signed by H. A. Engman,
Tevis Wllkerson. Milton Young, T. C. Mc-
Dowell, P. H. Johnson. J. C. Rogers, J.
D. Wilson. B. G. Thomas. F. A. Danger
field, T. J. Carson. O. =H. Chenault. Ed
Kane, Charles McMeekin. H. P. Headley.
S. C. Lyne. W. S. Barnes, E. JF. Clay arid
Campbell Scott.
Oakland won the morning game, across
the bay, by a score of 6 to 2. The Cripples
landed on W'halcn's delivery' in the first
inning, scoring three runs on four - hits.
San JKrancisco scored one in the eighth
and one in the ninth, the latter a home
run by Shay. The score :^
OAKLAND.
' ; : AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Francks. cf. 2 1 6- 2 0- 0. 0
Mohler, 2b. 3 110 4 4 1
Dunleavy. 3b 5 12 112 0
Btreib, rf. 5 110 2 0 0
Eagan, lb 1110 10 0
Babbitt. 8. s :.. 5 12 0 .4 8' 1
He.nsen. c 4 0 1 0 5 0 1
iloskiman, p. 4 0 0 0 03 0
Schmidt, if 3 0 0 0 1 1 '0
Lohman, lb 4 0 0 0 9 0 0
Totals 36 6 8 3 27 18 3
SAN FHAXCISCO.
.AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Nordyke. cf. 5 0 2 0 2 0 1
Wilson, c. 4 0 0 0 6 10
Hildebrand. If. .... 50 1 0 1.0 0
Schwartz, rf. 4 0 2 0 10 0
Pabfct. lb -.4 0 1 0 11 2 1
Knig. 2b. ......^.... 4 0 0 0 140
Shay, s, «.. 4 . 1 . .1 * 0 1 1 a
Reilly, 8b 4 1 2 0 3 4 0
Whalen, p. ..: ..4 0 10 13 0
Totals 38 2 10 0 27 15 4
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 3 20000010—6
Base hits ..4 1 1 0 10 01 0—8
Ban Francisco 0 000 00011—2
Base hits 2 0 0 10 0 2 2 3—10
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — Whalen V, Moskiman 1.
Home run— Shay. Two-base hits— Eagan, Bab
bitt Sacrifice hits— Francks, Schmidt. First
base on errors— San Francisco 2, Oakland 2.
First base on called balls— San Francisco. 1,
Oakland 4. Left on bases— San Francisco 10,
Oakland 9. Struck out — By Whalen 4. by Mos
klroan 2. Double plays— Moskiman to Babbitt
to E&gan; Babbitt to Mohler to Lohman. Pass,
ed ball— Wilson. Time of game— 2:00. Umpire
—.Harper. Official scorer— McFarlln.
Cripples "Win on Home Grounds.
MOUSING GAME.
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R.-BH. SB: PO. A. E.
Nordyke, c. f 5 0 2 110 0
Wilson, c 5 1 4 0 .5 o 0
Hildebrand. 1. t..... 4 0 0' 0 1 10
Schwartz, r. t 3 1 0 0 0 0 U
Pabst, lb :.. 3 l l 0 15 0 4)
Kruf. 2b 3 0 2 0 3 is 1
Shay, t-s 2 0 0 0 0 5 3
J. Kellly. 5b 4 12 0 2 3 1
Iburg, p.'. 4 110 0 2 0
Totals 33 5 12 1 27 15 5
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Francks. c. t 4 0 2 u 1 0 1
Mohler, :b 4 0 0 0 6 3 0
I-tubie&vy, Sb.. ....... 3001120
Sioskinnian, r. t 4 0 0 0 2 0 2
Kagran. Jb i 1 0 0 9 0 0
liaubitt. \u25a0* 4 0 1 1 2 3 0
bthmidt, 1. f 4 0 1 0 2 0" '0
Hanson, c 4 0 0 0 3 4 0
Na?!e. p 3 0 0 0 13 2
'Hamiitoa 1 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 35 1 4 2 27 15 5
•Batted lor Nagle in the ninth inning.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. • •
&ui Francisco 0 04 10 0 0 0 0— a
Hone hits 2 0 4 2 10 11 1—12
Oakland '. 0 10 0 0 0 0 0 0—1
Bai>e hits 0 0101000 2—4
SUMMARY.
\u25a0 Runs rerronsible for— Nacle -4. Three-base
hit— tojnis- Xu-o-Uase hits— i J abst, Wilson. Sac
ritlc hit — Hildebrand. Kiret base on errora —
Oakland 5. First base on called balls— San
Fmuciseo i. Left on bases— Oakland 8. San
Francisco 7. Struck out— By lburg 3, by Nagle
2. Hit by pitcher— Shay, Dunleavy. Double
play— Babbitt to Mohler to Kagan. Time of
f&me — 1 hour and 50 minutes. Umpire — Georgre
larper. official scorer— H. S. McKarlin.
\u25a0The Cripples seemed to have exhausted
their supply of ginger in the morning
game. They proved no "match for the
sprightly young men who serve Uncle
Henry Harris. The latter had the spec
tators on tiptoe In the third when they
rolled up four runs, lburg hit safe. Nor
dyke flew out and Wilson followed with a
two-bagger, sending lburg to third. Hilde
brand fouled -out. Schwartz secured a
pass to first, filling the bases. Pabst was
next up, and the crowd, which for once
was rooting hard for the home team
urged him to repeat his performance of
the previous day and s«nd It over the
fence. He fouled the first ball over tne
fence and a nice new one was produced.
PAbst hit It safe for two bags just inside
the right field foul line. He scored lburg
and Wilson. Krug followed with a tnree
bagger, sending home Schwartz and
Pabst. Shay was hit by the pitcher.. In
attempting a double steal Krug was out
at the plate, retiring the side.
San Francisco sent its last man home
in the next inning. Josh Reilly reached
second on a hit. assisted by several heici
iag errors. He went to third on Nordyke's
hit and scored on a throw to second to
head on* Xordyke.
Kagan scorea the only run for Oakland.
He reached first on a wild throw from
Shay at shortstop and made second on
Babbitt's single, which rolled between
Krug's legs. Eagan went to third while
Catcher Wilson held the ball and watched
him. He came home on Hanson's hit.
Babbitt was caught at the plate. The
score:.
The ground was slippery under the sur
face, making the lielders uncertain of
their footing and explaining away some
of the errors.
Nagle, the amateur pitcher from Santa
Rosa, was given a severe trial by the
hard hitting batters on Uncle Henry's
busebalr team yesterday afternoon at
Recreation Park. He went through the
ordeal creditably, although showing his
lack of experience in fast company. The
spectators Indicated by their applause
that they appreciated his efforts.
Is Severely Tried by the
Hard Hitters on Uncle's
Team. .
Santa Rosa Amateur Is
a Promising Ball
player.
IGLE PITCHES
A CLEVER GAME
WITH JAMES C. NEALON AS PARTNER
HE DEFEATS HAMPTON AND COLLINS
WORLD'S CHAMPION FITZGERALD SHOWS HIS GREAT DEXTERITY IN HANDBALL COURT
GOOD SHOOTING
AT SHELL MOUND
Skill Shown by Marks
men of Many Clubs
With Firearms.
New Organization Present
for Classification
\u25a0: Contests.
Many marksmen were present at Shell
Mound yesterday to take part in the reg
ular- monthly contests of the schuetzen
clubs. The scores were on an average,
somewhat better than usual, although
there was no extraordinary individual
shooting.
The Shell Mound Pistol and Rifle Club
held its initial shoot for classification,
and was the banner team in point of at
tendance. '•'-..* ']
The other organizations present were
the. Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club.
Red Men's Schuetzen Company, the
Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club, San Fran
cisco Schuetzen Verein and Germania
Schuetzen Club.
The day's scores are as follows:
Shell Mound Pistol and Rifle Club, classifica
tion shoot-J. F. Kenney 173. F. H. Siebe 196.
L. Slebe Jr. 195, C. Cohn 66, A. Rowse 160. F.
Fraitas 130. Captain L. Slebe 197. G. Poulson
138 W Hughes 191. D. Wilbern 1W. W. A.
Siebe 194, C. Theile 133, H. C. Puckhaber 229,
G W Hughes 21, A. Niehaus 205, R. S. Wlxon
166 H A Cahalan 180, F. Poulson 82, A. Ramm
20* H Huber 211. W. Kenney 151. J. Taylor 137.
H.'Rothermel 202. Dr. B. Roche 168. J. Burton
100 W McCarthy 197, A. Liebscher 112, H.
Skinner 192, L.R. Murphy 191. W. Blasse 235.
M Blasse 2M, P. A. Joy 223, J. H. Emerton
118. T. Brown 199. A. Berwald 123, J. Fraitas
217 T Berwald 210. A. Poulsen 63. O. Poulsen
133 C Keeley 176, E. Wtxon 205, B. Mitchell
208,' T. Bornhauser 110, F. Schullerts 192. B.
Schullerts 200, W. Ramm 125, H. Curry 197, J.
Ringen 192. H. Bosfeld 203, E. Niehaus 1S3, J.
Golden" Gate Rifle and Pistol Club, monthly
pistol handicap— W. F. Blasae, 82. 83. 79, 80; re
volver handicap. J. W. Tompklns. 75, 66. 80;
S. C Hinkel. 85, 80, 83, 76. Rifle handicap— M..
F Blasse, 202, 205. 207. 201, 191: D. M. Mc-
Laughlin, 208. 214; gold medal. H. Hinkel. 208.
205- silver medal. A. Thode. 170, 157; A. Rei
mehschneider, 184; W. Ehrenpfort, 190. 201. 163,
198.
Red Men's Schuetzen Company, monthly
medal shoot — Champion class, William Dress
ier. 403; first class, H. L. Soehlmann. 308; sec
ond class, J. A. Mohr, 313; third class, not won;
fourth class. H. Schultz. 254; best first shot.
Captain Grieb, 20; best last shot, William
Dressier. 22. -
Red Men's Schuetzen Company, monthly
bullseye shoot— Prizes were won in the follow
ing order: H. Soehlmann, Captain H. Grieb,
W. Kreutzkamm, G. Mohr, C. Oldag.
Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club. monthly
medal shoot — First champion class. F. P.
Schuster, 443; first class, R. Stettin, 406; second
class, not won; third class, A. Hohmann, 3S9;
fourth class, O. von Borstel, 316; best first shot,
F. P. Schuster,' 25; best last shot, J. D. Heise.
24.
San' Francisco Schuetzen Vereln.' monthly
bullseye shoot— F. P. Schuster 126, F. Brandt
254, H. Huppert 264. D. B» Faktor 314. O.
Lemcke 335. S. Helno 461. J. Utschig 503, F.
Rust 603. L. N. Ritzau 645. J. D. Heise 699. F.
Hensel 860, D. Salfleld 879. A. Mocker 88S. J.
Gefken 920. A. Browning 948. H. Huber 977. A.
Meyer. 995. E. ' Stehn 1058, L. Lilkendey 1073. C
Thlerbach 1100.
Germania Schuetzen Club, monthly bullseye
shoot— F. E. Mason 140, J. Gefken 169, F. Rust
217, A. Jungblut 343, L. Haake 469. F. P. Shus
ter 645, J. Utschig 583, R. Stettin 698, W. Doell
736, L. N. Ritzau 955.
YACHTS ABE TOWED
INTO THE -IaAGOOBT
COURSING AT MELROSE.
course -for the John Grace challenge cup
stake. Beacon led by two open lengths,
and, although the score was close, proved
the better dog in the trial.
In the open stake Eugene Geary's Palo
Alto took first honors, showing greatly
improved form over that of last week.
He met Roman Athlete, • the best repre
sentative of the Pasha Kennels, in the de
ciding course. The Athlete won on the
short end all day and ran well for those
who bet on him.
King's Borderer was the best long shot
of the day, beating Ireland at odds of 10
to 1. He succumbed in the next round to
America. The results with Judge John
Grace's official scores:
Open stake, first round— T. J. Cronin's Van
dal beat F. - B. Gerber*s Rlenzl. - 9-4; George
Sharman'a Warship beat Star Kennels' Pick
pocket, 2-0; Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete
beat Sterl & Knowles' Olita, 4-1; George Sbar
man's Little Sister beat C. O. Petersen's Lady
Nellie, 6-0; F. Jones' Wedgewood beat F.
Schou's The Moor, 7-0; M. Nealon's Agamem
non beat F. B. Gerber'a . Mount Ida. 10-4;
George Sharman's St. Ives beat B. Reddy's
Full Moon, 8-6; D. J. Healey's Fine Form
beat F. Schou's Master Whalen. 8-0; E. Geary's
America beat H. Lynch' s Merrlmac, 12-0; F.
Schou's King's Borderer beat E. Geary's Ire
land, 4-2; CO. Peteraen' a. Haphazard beat E.
Geary's Ruby Sankey, 7-4; George Nethercott's
Freda C beat J. Dowling's St. Lawrence. 7-2;
Chiarlnl Bros.' White. Hat beat George Nether
cotfs Red Rock, 12-10; Chlarinl Bros.' Dewdrop
beat Star Kennels' Herschel's Pride, 2-0; H. H.
Gray's Rona beat George Nethercott's Flood
gate, 7-6; George . Sharman's Said Pasha beat
George Nethercott's Hickory Dick, 8-3; George
Sharman's Chicago Boy beat J. A. Klein's
Coronado, 6-3; L. F. Bart els' Best Bargain beat
D. J. Healey's Tapioca, 7-4; Sterl & Knowles'
Freezeout beat Pasha Kennels' Royal Archer.
6-3; H. Lynch" s A. J.. Martin beat F. S*. Price's
Brutus, 13-3; George Sharman' 8. Firm Fellow
a bye: J. Markland's The Grafter beat .P.
Doyle's Liberator, 12-4: P. M. Clarkson'a Gold
en Garter beat Star Kennels' Blackhead, 3-0;
George. Graham's Tyrone Prince beat Yosemite
Kennels' Mose, 14-10; A. "Van der White's Lear
King beat M. Nealon's Achilles. 7-3; T. J.
Cronin's Tralee Boy beat D. J. Healey's For
Glory. 28-0: Aeneid Kennels' Fine Fire beat
M." Nealon's Aeneas, 6-3; W. C. Glasson's
Slelghbells a bye; W. C. Glasson's Master
Workman a bye: E. Geary's Palo Alto beat
J. M. Carroll's Master Clalr. 12-2; Star Ken
nels' Fontenoy ' beat Pasha Kennels' Royal
Anne, 10-8; L. S. Barre's Amedee beat J. M.
Halton's May Hempstead, 4-2.
Second round— Vandal beat Warship 8-5: Ro
man Athlete beat Little Sister. 2-1; Wedge
wood bmt Agamemnon, 7-5; St. Ives beat Fine
Form, 6-4; America beat King's Borderer, 5-2:
Freda C beat Haphazard, 4-0; White Hat beat
Dewdrop, 26-16; Rona beat Said Pasha, 4-3;
Chicago Boy beat Best Bargain. iyi2; Freeze
Out beat A. J. Martin, 17-13; The Grafter, a
bye; Golden Garter beat Tyrone Prince, 6-5;
Lear King beat Tralee Boy, 12-1; Fine Fire
beat Sleighbells, 12-7; Palo Alto beat Master
Workman, 12-3; Fontenoy beat Amedee, 9-3.
Third round— Roman Athlete beat Vandal. 6-0;
Wedgewood beat St. Ivea, 9-1; Freda C beat
America. 8-2; Chicago Boy beat White Hat,
6-3: Dewdrop a bye; The Grafter beat Golden
Garter, 8-7; Lear King beat Fine Fire, 24-10;
Palo Alto beat Fontenoy. 5-3.
Fourth round— Roman Athlete beat Wedge
wood, 13-7;- Freda C beat Dewdrop, 5-4; The
Grafter beat Chicago Boy, B-3; Palo Alto a bye.
Fifth round — Roman Athlete beat Freda. C
7-5; Palo Alto beat The Grafter. 12-5.
Deciding course-^Palo Alto beat Roman Ath
lete, 10-6.
John Grace challenge cup stake, deciding
course— A. R. Curtis' Beacon beat A. R. Cur
tis' Rector. 4-3.
Thirty Pleasure Craft Take Up Win
ter Moorings in the Quiet Water*
-\u25a0;.;.?\u25a0 ':'." Behind Tiburon.
Promptly at noon yesterday the draw
bridge at Tlburon was raised and the
yachts began at one a to pass into the
lagoon, where they will safely ride out
the 'storms of winter.. The launch C. A.
McNeill towed the first string, consisting
of the yachts Edna, Spray, Phoenicia.
Mignon and Emma. The topmast of tha
sloop Phoenicia caught against the draw
bridge and was broken, though It did not
fall down. The rest passed throug^wlth
out mishap. Then, the launch
pulled \u25a0 the sloop "Wawona and a small
craft also named Emma Into the lagoon.
Next came the launch Puss, with the
sloop Halcyon, the big and much-traveled
yawl Frolic and the sloop Xada tagging
after her. Another small launch towed
Frank Stone's cup winner Presto and the
sloop Cupid. These were followed by tha
launch Helen, towing the sloop Mist.
Charles Crocker's launch gave her tow
line to the sloops Truant and Amigo and
the launch Gazelle towed the San Fran
cisco yachts Royal, Thetis and Juanita.
The launch C. A. McNeill on her second
trip brought in- the sloops Clara. Discov
ery and May. -Next came the sloop Ram
bler, followed by the launch Puss, with
the sloops Harpoon, Freda and Aeolus.
The sloops Merope and Queen were
brought in by the launch- Crescle and the
sloop Rover by the launch C. A. McNeill.
Charles Crocker's launch took charge of
the sloop Moccasin and the launch Crescle
towed in the big sloop Mischief. After the
yachts came the arks Bat. Utopia and La
Fiesta. The towline of La Fiesta parted
but a fresh line was made fast and with
some little difficulty the unwieldy craft
which was all but as wide as the bridge
was pulled through. The launch Gipsy
brought up the rear with -Peter Lamb's
prize-winning sloop Stella. The whole af
fair occupied a little more than an hour
The tide was ebbing strongly while the
yachts entered the lagoon and three or
four hours later the water had nearly all
run out, leaving the yachts heeled over on
their sides In the soft mud. About ten or
a dozen yachts still remain in Tlburon
Cove, as well as several arks
The yawl Seven Bells is on the way3 at
Andersen's shipyard. South San Fran
cisco, and the sloop Nixie is on Swanson's
ways at Tlburon. The sloops Genesta.
Speedwell and Ceres will be taken up to
Corto Madera Creek next Saturday and
will lie there during the winter. Most of
the yachts of the San Francisco fleet have
taken up anchorage to the north of the
ferry slip of the North Pacific Coast Rail
road, where the water is shoal and the
bottom muddy. Thus ends the last chap
ter of the yachting season of 1001.
FOOTBALX PLATES MAY
DIE FROM INJURIES
O. Zahl's O'Hara Wins the Forty-
. Eight Dog Open Stake.
O'Hara, a greyhound owned by O. Zahl,
won the 48-dog open stake yesterday at
Melrose Coursiag Park. Prairie Princess
was runner-up. The grounds -were in ex
cellent condition, after the rains. t The
coursing resulted as follows: /
First round— Daisy Lawrence beat O K Capi
tol; Naughty Girl beat My Bonnie King: Betty
Martin beat Our Climate; California beat Wap
see; Rosewood beat "Wine West: Silent Treas
ure beat . Alarue ; Half moon beat Little May;
Sofala beat St. Michael ; Lassie Frantz beat
Cook's -.Water; Lone ' Mountain beat Belle of
Anderson; Dorothy M beat Oolden Gate; Day
light beat Black Rose; Gray Cloud beat Sara;
Lily Wrlght^Jbeat Welcome; Terronette beat
Golden Rule; O'Hara beat Mellow; Prairie
Princess beat Mrs. Fiske; Cash beat My Nell-
Forget beat The Fenian; Ladylike beat The
Levite; Living Picture beat Black Friar; Nora
Lawrence beat Toronto; Wedding Bella beat
Rusty II; Commander beat St. Michael.
Second round — Naughty Girl beat Daisy Law
rence; California beat Betty Martin; Rosewood
beat Silent Treasure; Sofala beat Hal I moon-
Lone Mountain beat Lassie Frantz; Dorothy
M beat Daylight: Lily Wright beat Gray
Claud; O'Hara beat Terronette; Prairie Prin
cess beat Cash; Ladylike beat Forget; Llvlnc
Picture beat Nora Lawrence: Wedding Bella
beat Commander. 1
Third round— California beat. Naughty Girl-
S^ 1 ?, beat. Rosewood; Prairte Princess beat
Ladylike; Lone Mountain beat Dorothy m-
Slvin? pfc"" 17 Wrl8ht: WeddIn * B *»» *e«
Fourth round— Sofala beat Cash- O'Hara beat
Lone .Mountain; Prairie Princess beat Wedding
.Fifth round-O'Hara beat Sofala: Prairie
Princess a bye. ™*™ B
Deciding course— O'Hara beat Prairie Prin-
Sustains a^Broken Neck in a Game.,
Yale Accuses Columbia of Play- \
'- ing Hen Not Students.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Oct. 27.— John SIgrlst,
center rush of the Ohio State University
football team. Is at one of the city hospi
tals with a broken neck. Sigrlst was in
jured In the game Saturday with Western
Reserve. An X-ray to-day showed the
third. cervical vertebra was fractured. An
operation will be performed, but there la
little hope' that It will avail. Sigrlsfa
body Is paralyzed from the shoulders
down.
NEW HAVEN. Conn,. Oct .27.— Ugly
stories are heard of the game .between
Columbia and »YaIe yesterday, the Yale
students asserting that several of the
Columbia eleven were not bona-flde stu
dents. The Tale football authorities will
not make a statement to that effect, but
admit an Investigation has been started.
Coach G. Foster Sanford of Columbia
while here denied absolutely that a single
man on the Columbia eleven was not a
student In good standing in that univer
sity. . • , \u25a0 : .
Columbia's football players and the un
dergraduates generally are indignant over
the insinuation made by Yale that Colum
bia' had "ringers" on -their team, even
though an hour after they made the in-,
sinuations they were retracted. The stu-A
dents against whom It Is thought suspt- J
cion is directed are Lancon and Kindgen.*
The only apparent foundation for. the
charges is that the men have, played on
athletic club teams in the past Nothing
detrimental to them has been dlacovtrwL
Sunday at Park and Cliff.
Yesterday wa3 a quiet day at the park
and beach, despite the large crowds
brought put by the favorable weather
The usual concert was given at the park
and thousands. of people availed them
grounds' an outlnson the city's Pleasure
The attendance at Sutro Baths w«« „„
usually large. P. Sundberg flgurTl con"
spicuously as a winner in th! aquarian
events and was awarded a handsome gold
medal, having more than. the number of
points required for such a possession Th*
winners in the events were* • un v An «
seclnt^^^Vpi^^H. &
McCloskey. first; A. . Hlnls. sec^ni k5k S^" J 
mgfor boy,-P... S undbe r g.'nJK.Huif s h . S:
Cash Sloan Injured.
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct.' 27 - Ca.y>
Sloan, the American j6ckey. ' . fell Sk
afternoon, while riding O n the «5
course at .Warsaw. He- waa nicked
Billings Buys Another Horse.
LEXINGTON. \Ky.. Oct.' 27.— The" Gam
betta-Wllkes-.gelding.;. Dr.* . Mohlcal, has
arrived here, the 'property, of C. K. Bil
lings of i Chicago, r After he had been lo
cated at Memphis. last night. Mr. Billings*
offer^of $5000 was accepted by \V. P. and
J. O.^McAIlister' of this city. -
\u25a0'if :'-\u25a0•-;-'.: MONDAY, OCTOBER 28. -
Sun rises '..........*........ .'. . ................. 6 :30
Sun. sets ,.." 7;. ............... .......5:16
Moon rises 6:09 p. m.
:•' '.' Time \u25a0• Time 'ITIme ' \u25a0 : Time
Date Ft.' Ft. Ft. Ft.
: -, HW 1,-Wi- H W L W
28 .-"..I ."0:06 61 • 6:00 2.0 11:14 6.4 5:59—1.1
29 ... .1:00 5.1 5:45 2.4 11:66 6.3 -6:48—1.1
W. ... .1:56 { 5.0 t 6:34 2.7 12:45 6.2 • 7:41 —1.0
II... 2:56 4.9 7:30 2.9 1:36 .6.0 .8:39 —0.7
1 ... 3:56 ;'4.9 -8:36 3.2 "2:36 "5.6 '9:39—0.4
2 ... 4:55 \u25a0 5.0 10:00 3.2 3:46 6.2 10:40 0.0
3;... 5:51 "5.2 .11:24 ,'2.8 v5:02 W 4.9 11:38 0.4
NOTE— In ,the \u25a0 above ! exposition . of. the tides
the early, morning : tides . are given In ; the left
hand - column and \u25a0 the t successive ; tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; 'the
fourth j time | column I grives \u25a0 the last tide of 1 the
day, except when there are but' three tides, -as'
sometimes occurs. ' The heights given are in ad
dition to j the -. soundings \u25a0 of the United .; States
Coast Survey Charts' except "when a minus (—)
sign precedes the height, and then the number
You can always, teir the shortcaka h v
its strawberry mark. . \u25a0noricajce by
It's l easy f or ' the - man" who suffers no
pain to talk of patience. \u25a0
THE SAN FBANCISGC) CALL; MONDAY; OCTOBER 28, 1901J
Beacon, Albert Curtis' great greyhound,
beat his kennel mate. Rector, yesterday
at Union Coursing Park In the deciding
Palo Alto > Is First in Open
Event' Against Fast '\u25a0;'.{
Coursers. .., - •
6PRINCIPALS IN STRANGE
HAPPENING. IN WHICH
DEATH WAS FORETOLD.
Besides the widow two children, Fred
F. .Sugden and Daphne Sugden, survive
the deceased. He was a member of the
Order of Odd Fellows, affiliated with a
Sacramento lodge. -The .deceased was a
native of England, 70 years of age. ' .
The deceased had be«n for many years
with the Soutn^rn Pacific Company, hav
ing served at Sacramento In various ca
pacities until 1891. when he came to Oak
land with his family and was stationed
at Oakland pier, where he remained until
his: death. - . :
was granted by Coroner
Menrmann for the boay of the veteran
railroad man to remain at the Sugden
residence,' where an inquest will- be held
to-morrow evening. The funeral will be
held later. '
tleman said as he left home that he had
never felt better Ip his life. It was the
unusual good health of the husband that
led. Mrs. Sugden. to put out of mind the
dream that her husband. had passed, this
"We did not know anything about the
dream until 1 had assisted in getting the
body home. Then Mrs. Sugden, between
her paroxysms of grief, told how my wife
had appeared to her in that vision as the
messenger with the news of her husband's
sudden death." "
CHICAGO, Oct. 27.— Because he was de
nied the sight of his two little children,
James Kennedy, a laborer, to-day mur
dered his wife and killed himself. -The
couple were married twelve years" ago,
but quarreled recently and separated.
Kennedy called on his . wife to-day' arid
asked to see the children. . She refused/
fearlnjf.he meant to take them away. ,
Wife Murder and Suicide.
Accidentally Shoots His Friend.
• John \u25a0 Russel, ' '\ who > keeps a sailor
boarding-house at : 234 East street,' was
arrested | last ( night .and _ booked at the
City Prison on a charge of. assault with
a deadly weapon. ; ; Several - men who were
strangers ; to V Russel came 1 into) his place
and raised a ; rumpus. > The - proprietor at
tempted to put them out, \u25a0- and they' at
tacked him. ;<; To' protect himself Russel
pulled .his -revolver and fired :, into the
crowd; A friend of, Russel -named John
Jackson, '.who happened- to-, be in the
place, -was. struck* In, the leg'by, the bul
let. His wound, was dressed. at the Har
bor Hospital. \u25a0• - \u25a0\u25a0:-\u25a0 ..-\u25a0..\u25a0-.-»-\u25a0>..' .--\u25a0, ...
Claims. to, Have Been Held Up.
James Leopold, : a confectioner who re
sides at 439 Jessie street, 'was treated at
the Harbor Emergency Hospital" Satur
day nlgrht for a contusion of the head.
Leopold i claimed to have been knocked
down -and - robbed • on Mint "avenue. \u25a0- j Tho
police are Investigating his ' case. : : v- "
There Is no man so deep but that he has
at least one shallow.' spot. ;;;
. Said- an. Irishman: .'-'If. a^Yankee was
cast' away on a desolate 'island he'd get
up early, the next morning and sell every
Inhabitant a niap,-of, the place."
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 27.— The handsome
little Trinity church, which has just. been
erected near Twenty-sixth and: M streets,
was consecrated to-day by Bishop More
land of the Episcopal diocese of Sacra
mento, assisted | by - Bishop • Brewer of
Montana and Bishop Partridge of Kyoto.
An impressive musical programme was
rendered in connection with , the conse
cration services. The church adjoins the
new residence which- Bishop Mor eland is
building- for himself in the fashionable
residence section of the city. It is of the
Gothic order, -and though small,, is one
of the most attractive churches -In ' the
city, being finished in natural woods.
Episcopal Church Consecrated.
Ed Furey. an ex-speclal policeman, got
a bad scare in George Green's saloon,
corner of Eddy and Mason streets, early
this morning, when George Knapp, whom,
it is said, he had threatened to kill, drew
a revolver and opened fire upon him.' The
bullet went wide of its intended mark, but
it had a salutary effect upon Purey's de
sire to kill his enemy.' Furey grabbed hold
of the bartender and, holding him in front
of him, pleaded with Knapp to stop
shooting. - . \u25a0 • \u25a0 ;_
There had been bad blood between the
pair for some time. Furey went . into
Green's Ealoon and accosted Knapp, who
drew his revolver and fired. Both men
were arrested and taken to the City Hall
police station. \u25a0 Knapp was charged with
an assault with Intent to kill.
Early Morning Shooting Scrape
Takes Place in George Green's
Saloon.
GEORGE KNAPP TBIES
TO : KTLL ED FXTBEY
. In iche final round In which Whitney,
championship class, and Kuehn, third
class, met. The latter received odd« of
"thirty and owe half fifteen," and won
by a score of 7-5, 6-*. Whitney was a
fitrong favorite, but the- handicap wor
ried him. The score In Kuehn's favor
was 7-5, 6-4. •
Ten men entered th© Park tournament
yesterday and some very good matches
resulted. Routh's opoonent In the Jinals
was G. K. Bates, who won the lasr sin
gles tournament. This match, which was
a flv«-set one, was very stubbornly con
tested and was finally won by Roc th. 6-2.
6-8. 6-1. €-3. • '
In ~.he first round A. Beyfuss beat
Jacktion, 6-4, 4-6, 6-4; H. E. Routh beat
XL Baker, 6-0. 6-0; O. Beyfuss beat 8.
Sherwood, 6-3. 6-0; W. S. Stapff beat S.
Bozart. 4-6. 6-4. 6-*: and G. K. Bates beat
E. M Twlgg, 4-6. 6-0. 6-4.
In the next round Routh beat O. Bey
fuss. 6-2. 6-2; Bates beat \u25a0 Stapff, 6-0. . 7-5;
and IRouth beat A- Beyfuss, 6-2, \u25a0 6-2. .
In - :he finals Routh was opposed • to
Bate* and took the first set handily, 6-2.
Batee won the second, 8-6. Routh took
the next two easily. The complete score
in Routh' e favor was 6-2. 6-8, 6-1. 6-3. - By
this victory Routh becomes the 'first
Uiamplon of the Park in singles. »
Whitney met Fred Brown, first class,
in th« best match of the day. He allowed
Brown odds of fifteen and after a close
struggle \u25a0won out. 6 — I, 4 — 6, 6 — 3.
The second match was between Frank
Stringham, second class, and Charles
Kuehn. third class. The former allowed
his opponent odds of fifteen, winning the
first set, but Kuehn took the next two
seta. The complete score. In his favor was
3-6, G-3, 6—4.
In the first match of the day R. N.
Whitney, championship class, allowed g!
X. Armsby, fourth class, the enormous
handicap of half forty and won in
straight sets, 6—3, 6 — L. Armsby looked to
have the second set well in hand when
the scofe stood 4—2 and forty love in his
favor, but Whitney steadied down and
took the next to\xr parries and match.
Kuthn, winner of the third class, had
for hJs opponent in the finals R. N. Whit
ney, winner of the championship class.
Whifcaey had a good day yesterday and
played a remarkably strong game, but
his opponent, aided by his large handicap,
won out in two straight eets. The score
of the final match, in which Kuehn re
ceived odda of "thirty and owe half fif
teen" and won, was 7—5, 6—4.
Charles G. Kuehn and II. E. Routh car
ried eff the honors on the tennis courts
at Golden G'ate Park yesterday. The
former won the class singles tournament
that -was commenced last Sunday, while
the Urtter won the singles tournament
ITew Champions Develop and Wrest
Laurels From Hitherto In
vincible Veterans.
LIVELY GAMES OF TENNIS
PLAYED ON PAEK COURTS
The golden jubilee fair of the San Fran
cisco Turn Verein attracted a very
large attendance last night, and from
8 o'clock until nearly midnight Turn
Verein Hall was filled with people, who
enjoyed the music and patronized the va
rious booths with appreciative liberality.
Louis von der Mehden's orchestra agam
gave a. grand concert in the market place
of quaint Kraehwinkel. and in the -St.
Pauli Theater a vaudeville programme o"
much merit was given.
Visitors are struck with the complete
ness of the representation of the old Ger
man town. As one strolls through the
market place with the town hall, post
office, fish market and numerous booths
fronting upon it everything is found to
lend itself to the illusion. So fax as the
interior of the hall is concerned, there l.»
not a jarring color or bit of architecture,
and the national costumes worn by men
and ty the pretty girls in the booths ad-J
much to the picturesqueness of tho
Joseph S. Tobin and other candidates
were present again last night, and the.r
enjoyment of this pleasant form. of elec
tioneering was evident. -
The programme in the St. Pauli The
ater to-night will be under the auspices
of the Schwaben Verein. The orchestra
will play again in the market place.
Turn Verein Fair Largely Attended
and Visitors Enter Heartily
Into Spirit of Fete.
KRAEHWINKEL'S STREETS
RESOUND WITH MUSIC
Zither solo.' E. Ploeger; vocal selection., sing
ing section of the Verein Elntracht; under the
direction of Professor J.'R. Rlegger; zither trio,
Mr. , and Mrs. John Pleeger and Mrs. . E. Bach
mann; piano solo," Professor S. Martinez; alther
quartet, Mrs. ; E. Bachmann Misa W. : Nolte,
Miss S. Reinhardt and C. Bergmann; soprano
solo. "A Rose in Heaven." Mrs. E. Bachmann;
concert fantasle. Harmony Zither Club. .,
The officers of the : club who had the
affair, in charge -are: ".. ' h::.;/: -
John Ploeger, president ; C. Bergmann. vice
president;' Mrs.' E. Bachmann. ; treasurer; A.
Jungllng, treasurer; E.. Ploeger,' librarian;
board of trustees— Miss- Wanda Nolte and Miss
Ellse Burglln; instructor, Professor E. Bach
mann. V; ;:,.../. \u25a0\u25a0 ,' \u25a0\u25a0
: The Harmony Zither Club* gave a de
lightful concert at Union-square Hall last
night. The programme . was mainly de
voted to selections' on the zither, the
opening number, an- overture played by
twenty-six members of the club under the
direction ' of Professor E. Bachmann, be
ing especially well received .by the large
audience. The club has been in exist
ence i only] a. year, ,but. In , that time has
done much to. develop an Interest in the
zither. - The rest 'of the programme was
as follows: \u25a0"•\u25a0'.. \u25a0'"•".'\u25a0 - -<->';
Clever Amateurs Render a Number of
Beautiful Selections on Tune- -
f ul Instrument. ; .| !
HARMONY ZITHER CLUB
GIVES ENTERTAINMENT
Time of Death Was Strange.
"The. way I was drawn Into it -was
rather peculiar. , I had gone home for my
lunch, and it, seems strange Mr. Sugden
Then, as if guided by prophecy, Curtiss
sent to his own residence and' told his
wife to go at once and tell Mrs. Sugden
what had occurred.
Thus the~message of death was borne
to the family with all of the detail that
pertained to the dream of Friday night.
"The utrangest story ever heard in ac
tnal life," • said ' Policeman Curtiss, as he
related the circumstances. \u25a0 "While she
was not at her dead husband's side. Mrs.
Sugden related the facts about her dream
of Friday night, when with such startling
effect the scene of to-day was placed .be
fore her mental sight. There was every
condition of the dream fulfilled. Nothing
that had occurred during the vision failed
of recurrehce In reality. -; •
Curtiss ran out and saw the prostrate
form of his friend and neighbor. . The
hand of death was. there, and before Dr.
Vida Redington. who had been quickly
called, could reach the scene the stricken
man breathed his last. . .
"It was the dream." shrieked the grief
stricken woman as she fell, fainting, into
the arms of Mrs. Curtiss.
It was the fact, for not half a block
from his home the aged railroad' employe
had dropped dead, stricken by heart dis
ease, while he was on his way to his
work. Some little children saw him reel,
stagger and fall to the ground. They did
not realize what had actually occurred,
that the death, so remarkably foretold,
had come. So the witnesses ran to.Police
man Curtiss' residence close by and
called .him. saying there was a drunken
man down the street.
Memorial services were held yesterday,
in the chapel' of the Old People's Home,
corner of Pine and Pierce streets, in
honor of Mr. and Mrs. Charles Crocker
and Mrs. Metha- Nelson, the benefactors
ajid founders' of the institution. The
chapel and surrounding* hallways, were
crowded with the old- people, who reside
at the " home," and " with outside friends
who gathered to revere the memory of
those whose forethought; had provided a
haven of refuge for persons in the
twilight Of life. '- ..': -; - ... ..
The address was delivered by the. Rev.
Robert Mackenzie, whose . kindly advice
had prompted Mrs. Crocker to build the
home.. . The reverend speaker | pronounced
a beautiful eulogy rn' the g*ood people
who. he said, had erected a monument
that would endure for.ialltime. The pro-
IgTcmme of the services follows: .. . _
Organ' prelude: Scripture- lesson." psalm '97,
Rev AC. Bane, A. M.t- hymn, "There is a
Calm" choir and- conjugation; prayer, Rev.
rharles McKelvey, response by choir; solo and
quartet. "Then Shall the Kin* Kay": Scrip
ture lesson. John 1*. Rev. F. D. Bovard, D.D..;
contralto solo, "A Dream of Paradise," Miss
Mary Rose: address, Rev.- Robert Mackenzie,
DD* anthem. "I Will: Lift Ud Mine. Eyes."
choir" ."The Cup of Tears."- Rev. Charles -Mc-
Kelvey: hymn, "Nearer; i. My Qod. to Thee,"
choir and congregation; benediction. Rev. S.
H.. Wllley, D.D.;. organ postlude. - :
The music was, -endered' by the First
Presbyterian Church- Choir,'. composed of
Miss Mary Chester Williams.' soprano:
Miss Mary Rose, oontralto: J.. Hughs
Davles; tenor ;' George B. McBrlde," bass;
Otto Flelssner, -organist. and f choir leader.
Tribute to Mr. and Mrs. Charles
' . . '. Crocker.
oid. People's Home • Pays Loving
O OAKLAND, Oct. 27.— In a dream
on Friday night there came to
the aged wife of Fred Sugden.
an old Southern Pacific employe,
premonition of the death of her
husband, which occurred shortly after
noon to-day .under circumstances of start
ling suddenness. Kneeling over the body
of her dead husband at their home, 1057
Campbell street, Mrs. - Sugden, in her
great grief, sobbed the story of her re
markable dream which, less than forty
eight hours after it had come to her. was
re-enacted with a shocking fidelity to the |
astonishing revelation of the night.
In her dream, Mrs. Sugden was engaged
about >her household duties, having bid
den good-by to her husband, who had
gone to his post at the Oakland broad
gauge pier, where for ten years he had
been employed as a ticket collector. As
she dreamed, the wife heard a ring at the
front door. Responding, she saw Mrs.
Bert Curtiss, a- neighbor and wife of
Policeman Bert Curtiss. standing at the
\u25a0•Sly husband .has Mr. Sugden. dead up
the street,"- was the message the dream
caller bore. . Then the vision faded and
Mrs. Sugden awoke. • •
It was 12:40 o'clock this afternoon when
Mrs. Curtiss rang the front door bell at
the Sugden residence. The wife respond
ed She had said good-by to her husband
only a few minutes before the visitor ar
rived.
; Messenger Tells of Death. ... .
"My husband has Mr. Sugden dead up.
tho street," said Mrs. Curtiss.
' » \u25a0 •' •
'm V't * f. T..t..Ti.T T »\u25a0\u25a0*-»-!-¥•\u25a0?"*-•-«-'— M-M"?"!"!*
MEMORIAL SERVICES IN •
HONOR "OF BENEFACTOBS
OELWEIN. Iowa, Oct. 27.— Sheriff
Thomas of I'ayette County hajs - ar
rived nere with twenty deputy Sheriffs for
service in case of disturbance to-morrow
morning, when the Great Western Rail
road will try to- import men to work In
the- shops in place of the 403 men on strike.
The officials have given the strikers until
to-morrow noon to return to work, but it
is not expected that they will do so. The
company is preparing cots in the round
house and shops for the imported men.
Strike Trouble Expected.
It would greatly enhance the im
portance of the younp Duchess of Man
chester's position if she were the mother
of the future Duxe. The young Duke
will not go to the war now. He had in-
T«T<led to do so. and had so announced
if an heir to :he title was born.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2S.— A dispatch from
Klmbolton, England, to the World, says:
It is now feared since the child of the
Duke and Duchess of Manchester -is a
daughter and net a son. Eugene Zimmer
man, the father 6f the Duchess, will not
make the settlement expected.
It is positively stated that the Duchess
has received notldng from her father
since her marriage except the income
from her dead mother's estate. Until a
male heir is born. Ix>rd Charles Montagu,
tl;e second son of the Duchess of Devon
shire (whose first husband was the pres
ent Djke of Manchester's grandfather)
will remain the heir presumptive to the
title and estate of the Duke of Manches
ter.
Eugene Zimmerman Refuses to Make
a Settlement Until an Heir Is
: .., . "Born to * Manchester.
DUKE IX)SES FORTX7KTE
OWING TO BABY GIBX
Street lost a valuable'gold watch, which
he is satisfied was taken by Baker, but
which was not found on him.
While being taken to the City Prison.
Baker threw away the phial, which' had
contained "knock-out drops," but it was
subsequently picked up by the officers
and booked as evidence against him.
This is not the first time that Baker has
been accused of administering "knock-out
drops" to unsuspecting victims. Several
months ago he was arrested by Detective
George McMahon for drugging and rob
bing a man named McDonald.
! As McDonald was unable to positively
identify him the case was dismissed.
By the arrest of John Baker, alias
Barker, early yesterday morning, the po
lice-believe they, have at last captured
the criminal who has been robbing
bucoiic strangers,- after first rendering
them unconscious by giving them "knock
out drops." Baker's latest victim is
John Street, a machinist, who arrived
here a few days ago from Vallejo Junc
tion. Street was walking -along Grant
avenue shortly after midnight, when he
was accosted by Baker, who pretended
to know him and after a brief conversa
tion, Baker induced his prospective vic
tim to accompany him to a dance hall on
Kearny and Jackson streets, where he
ordered drinks.
While Street's attention was tem
porarily distracted Baker poured the con
tents of a phial, containing "knock-out
drops" into the stranger's glass. The
murderous act was witnessed by two
women, who are employed In the place,
and running into the street they notified
Sergeant Jim Donovan and Officer Cava
naugh. The officers quickly repaired to
the dance hall and placed Baker under
ar.-est. Street was found hanging to
the bar. partially unconscious from the
effects of the drug. He was taken out
side, but soon collapsed and was sent to
the Receiving Hospital. Last night he
recovered surfidently to visit ' the City
Prison and positively Identify. Baker.
Notorious Character Observed Giving
"Knockout Drops" to John Street,
a Machinist. .
BAKER'S CRIME WITNESSED
BY DANCE HALL WOMEIJ
OAKLAND. Oct. 27.— Under circum
stance*; which point to possible suicide,
the bo«Iy of George C. Boswell, a miner
from .Muska. was found in his room at
the Alaska House. Sixth and Broadway,
this morning. Boswell had not been seen
since '..'hursday night. He had come to
Oaklar.d two weeks ago from the Klon
dike, trhere he met indifferent success.
During his stay in this city Boswell went
to Dr. llehrmann. the Coroner, for treat
ment, laving an ailment which gave him
a great deal of mental distress. The phy
sician tried to ease his patient's mind,
but Be swell persisted in borrowing trou
ble, exaggerating to himself the condition.
The Coroner feels that his patient became
so despondent over his physical state that
he either ended his life or died from over
indulgence in liquor taken to drown his
thougMs.
So far as could be learned, Boswell had
no reljitlve*-h(?re, and was a total stran
ger in the city. He was about 55 years
old. / .
Nothing wa? found in Boswell's room to
pive an explanation concerning the cause
of death.
Possible Suicide in Case of George C.
BDsvrell, Recently From the
Klondike.
MYSTERY I2J" DEATH
OF ALASKAN MINER
Father Crowley received a copy of the
order, but he bade defiance to it to-day
end attended two masses. It is said h^
\u25a0will appeal to the Pope.
The order was the result of attacks by
Father Crowley upon fellow pastors and
charges of favoritism, fraud and cruelty
which he made at the time Father Mul
doon was consecrated as auxiliary Bishon
of the Chicago diocese. Father Crowley
was warned repeatedly to desist, but
finally Archbishop Feehan compelled him
to resign. Later Father Crowley with
drew his resignation, but it had already
been accepted by Chancellor Barry, ani
it was made absolute. Then Father Crow
ley started legal proceedings to keep his
successor out of the pastorate, and re
newed his attack on Bishop Muldoon. A
vc-ek s.go Cardinal Martinelli. the papal
delegate, came to Chicago and took fin-U
action. He gave Father Crowley a
i ho.es of two things— ;o make humbie pen
iime and accept without protest a life
within the confines of a monastery or
be dismissed forever from the rights and
privileges of the Catholic church. Father
Crowley was given until Saturday night
to decide, and as nothing was heard
from fcim an order for excommunication
was sent to-day by Archbishop Feehan to
every pastor in the diocese.
CHICAGO. Oct. 27.-Father Jeremiah
Crowley, late pastor of SL Mary's
Church at Oregon. 111., has been excom
munica:cd by Archbishop Feehan of the
Chicago diocese. The edict of excom
munication forbids his being present or
assisting at any of the public exercises
or offices of religion in the Roman Catho
lic church.
The facts were placed before the painter
this afternoon and he admitted to Chief
of Police Hodgkins and Detectives Shorey
and Kyte that be had been toying with the
truth. ; \u25a0
When he recovered himself, Knight ex
plained, he did not have time to report the
robbery at the police office, but waited
until this morning.
Ail this with a careful description of
the robbers was supplied the police, who
then went at once to work on the affair.
First they discovered that Knight - had
not been home all night. Then they traced
him to a downtown saloon, then to the
green baize-covered table with a slot in it,
where Knight and a company o* boon
companions .were playing poker at the
very hour he had said he was the victim
of the trio of desperadoes.
To cover the loss of his money at the
gambling: table. M. M. Knight, a contract
ing painter, residing at 1940 Linden street,
told the police to-day a wild story of as
sault and robbery, which on its face led
the detectives to make investigation. The
result of the police inquiry was to force
Knight to confess he had lost the money.
5<5, at poker last night, a portion of the
coin belonging to A. H. Jones, his partner.
As narrated by the contractor,* he was
going home last night about 7:30 o'clock,
when he was assailed by three men at the
corner of West and Eighteenth streets.
The trio of highwaymen, who the police
discovered were phantoms, did a regula
tion job. One of them, said Knight, struck
him with a blunt weapon, knocked him
down and almost senseless, then tne two
other footpads rifled his pockets.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Oct. 27.
Detectives Uncover Facts of
an Alleged Assault and
'Hold-Up.
Silenced Clergyman Defies
the Order and Will Ap- \
peal to Pope.
Painter -Loses at Poker
; and Tells a Footpad
Romance.
Archbishop of Chicago
Diocese Issues the
Edict.
POLICE EXPOSE
BOGUS ROBBERY
EXCOMMUNICATES
CATHOLIC PRIEST
RED MEN PAY
HONOR TO DEAD
DRUIDS GATHER
BESIDE THE BIER
Late C^rand Secretary
John M. Graves Laid
•at Rest.
Hold Council of Sorrow
- in Memory of the
Departed.
Grand Sannap Recalls the
Virtues of President
t McKinley.
Great Conce.urse of Mourners
in Attendance at the
Funeral. :1^
There were a thousand or more Druids
at, the temp.'e on gutter street, neai*
Stockton, yesterday to .assist at the ser
vice of the order over tAe remains of th'>
late John M. Graves, wi*> at the time o*
his death last Wednesday was the
grand secretary of the Giand Grove o.
Californla.
The mortal remains wer& in a black:
cloth-covered casket under a canopy of
black lace, and at the head were dis
played many beautiful floral deslgm.
tokens of sympathy from aU branches
of the order and friends. .From \ th«»
Grand Grove was an immense pillow
bearing these words: "Rest^ *P«pa'
Graves"; a seven-pointed star £rom tho
Past Arches Association, representing tho
seven cardinal precepts of the order, aivl
a magnificent star from £1 Dorado CircA)
of the Druidesses. '-..»
Noble Grand Arch Julius S. Godeau and*
the other grand officers occupied a sta
tion at the head of the assembly hah its
which the services were conducted. After
a quartet had rendered "One by One M»e
Are Gathering," the noble grand arcV
spoke a few words in praise of the nobM
qualities of the one wnose loss -was be *
ing mourned. The quaxtet then rendered!
"Nearer, My God, to Thee," after which;
Past Noble Grand Arch George H.
Bahrs read the beautiful and impressive
funeral service of the order, at tne cioso
of which he delivered a touching eulogy
and recounted the life service ot the ac
ceased, which commenced in 1846, when
at the age of 16 he volunteered for thn
war with' Mexico and served until th«
surrender. He engaged in mining in tho
early days in California, and subse
quently went into business in Modesto.
He was. always busy with the fratexnat
work of the Druids, Independent \u25a0 Order
of Odd Fellows and the Veteran Odd Fal
lows. -
\u25a0 In closing the speaker laid upon thv
casket a sprig of the precious mistletoe .,
the plant which every Druid holds in th3>
highest veneration, and the quartet sang:
"I Am Nearer My Home." '
The local groves of tho city in their
numerical order, those of adjacent cltiej.
the members of the chapter, the Past.
Arches' Association, past grand officers*
and grand officers moved around the caa
ket to take a farewell look at the 'fac>.»
of their deceased brother, and then th©
friends were accorded the same privilege.
The cortege moved down Sutter stre-c
to Stockton, to Market, to Fifth, to Har
rison street, where the funeral train was
in waiting to convey the body to its last
resting place in Mount Olivet Cemetery.
At the grave the past grand noble arci*.
read the closing portion of the burial
service. "
In memory of those members who, dur
ing the last year, were summoned by
the Great Spirit to the happy hunting
ground, the Improved Order of Red Men
held a "council of sorrow" yesterday af
ternoon in the Assembly Hall of the Red
Men's building. The memorial service,
simple yet solemn and impressive, was
similar to that which was celebrated yes-»
terday. in all the great reservations of
the United States by the different tribes
of the Red Men. Representatives from all
the local tribes were present. The in
terior of Assembly Hall was appropriately
decked in mourning.
The service, besides • being commemora
tive of all the brethren. who passed away
during the year, was in. particular a me
morial to William McKinley, the great
chief of the Ohio reservation. In his eulo
gy, Emillo Lastreto, grand sannap, paid a
touching tribute to the sterling virtues of
our martyred President. He described
how McKinley rose by his own merits
from soldier to lawyer, to statesman, and
how he was chosen Governor by the peo
ple of his State, and lastly how he was
elected by the people of the whole United
States to. the Presidency. He recalled the
pathetic scene which marked the close of
the great statesman's life, and declared
that the. implicit faith "which McKinley
professed in . God was the same as' ani
mated the Red Men of the Forest.
In the first part of his eulogy, Grand
Sannap Lastreto spoke, of the various
ceremonies of respect and veneration
which the people of various nations of
the past were accustomed to pay to their
dear departed. In this connection he told
of the imperishable pyramids which the
Egyptian kings erected in order to per
petuate their memory.
The order of exercises was as follows:
Overture, Barnett's orchestra; invocation. F.
D. Brandon, great prophet; remarks, James
Boyes. great sachem; song, "It Is Not So. to
Be,"" Horace Hanna; in memoriam. Secretary
J. H. Hutaff; song, •\u25a0The Holy City." Miss
Alice Barnum; eulogy,. Emillo Lastreto, great
gannap; sons, "There Is No Night There,"
Professor Carl Sawvell; recitation, "Resigna
tion" (Longfellow), Dr. M. B. Ryer; song,
"Beyond, the Gates of Paradise," William H.
Brown; \u25a0 benediction. F. \u25a0 D. Brandon, great
prophet;- music, Barnett's orchestra; closing
song by the audience, "America."
General committee of arrangements was
made up as follows:
Emilio Lastreto, president, Tosemite Tribe
No. 103; M. Bloom, vice president, Oshonee
No.'TS: J. Ht Hutaff, secretary, Altahmos No.
S7; Henry A. Chase, treasurer, Manzanita
no. 4. -; .
The following representatives from
various tribes were present:
• Henry A. Chase. Manzanita Tribe No. 4; W.
S. Jamleson, Miantonomah No. 9; S. M. Webb,
Pohonachee No. 10; T. M. Searey. Pocahontas
No. 11; W. D. Allen, Sotoyome No. 12; A. La
place, Seminole No. 54: N. Rothman, Modoc
No. S7; A. Dawson, -Wlnnemucca No- 61; G.
W. Montelth, Osceola No. 71; A. Hausman.
White Eagle No. 72; M. T. Allman. Bald Eagle
No. 75; J. Fowzer. Arapahoe No. 76; P. F.
Terramorse, Montezuma No. - 77; M, Bloom,
Oshonee Na 73; J. H. Hutaff, Altahmos No.
S7; O. Metlimann, Ahwashte No. 89; J. D. Hem
mell, Monadnock No. 100; Emillo Lastreto. Yo
semlte No. 103; Charles de Cleer. Seneca No.
104; John W. Kelly, Blazing Arrow No. 107:
Dr. R. E. Gibson. Mancopah Na 116; "W. M.
Joseph!, Nez Perces No. 117.
Father Carahier to Lecture.
The Rev. Father T. Caraher, pastor of
St. Francis Church, corner of Vallejo
street and Montgomery avenue, will de
liver a lecture at the church next Sun
day evening. Father Caraher's subjei-u
will be "Easter at the Holy Sepulchre."
A general admission of 50 cents will b«>
charged. Reserved . seats will be &
cents extra. Tickets are now on sale at
the parochial residence, 620 Valleji
street; P. J- Buckley*a, 1311 Stockton
street, and at Gallagher' Bros.', 26 McAl
lister street.
Will" Hold Memorial Services.
- Memorial " services in honor of the late
Rev. G. ' S. T Mead; ' rector ; of -Trinity
Church, will be' held at St. Stephen's
Church, on Fulton street,- near Flllmora.
this morning. Services will commence at
11 o'clock. • Members and ex-members of:
Trinity School and other friends and ac
quaintances of the lamented preacher aro
cordially Invited. \u25a0
Swedish^ American Club Outing 1 .
.The Swedish-American Independent Po
litical Club held its annual outing at
Shell Mound Park yesterday. A" largo
number of guests were present durinsr
the afternoon and evening, and passe i
the time enjoya-bly In sports and dancing.
Several candidates for public office spoke;
briefly to the merrymakers.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1901.
Tells Her the Stark Hand of the Reaper Is Upon Her Husband and With
Startling Fidelity Vision Is Re-enacted in Reality—^Principals Listen
in. Awesome Wonder as Details of Weird Premonition Are Related
DEATH'S DREAD MESSENGER BRINGS
WARNING TO AGED WIFE IN A DREAM
should- have been called by death at the
moment I was within reach of those chil
dren. At'' any rate, as soon asl got to
Mr. Sugrden I saw at a glance what was
the trouble and he was breathing his last
when ,Dr: Redingto'n arrived. •
"As soon as she sa.u it was all over I
went back to my place and told Mrs. Cur
tiss to go at once to the Sugden home. f.
"Strange Indeed It Is. for the old gen-;
7
RATLWAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street , FeYry Depot.
Ix>cal Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally »... Dally Dally"
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p"
" Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p l:l»a 9:11 p
V Fresno.... 2:05 p 2:25 p 3:0S a 10:50 p
'• Hanford.: 3:12 p 3:27 p 7KSa .'
•• Vlsalia.... 3:40 p .... 4:43 a .........
•" Bakrsflld. 6:15 p B:20p 7:30 a ........'
" Kan. City .....!.. 2:40a 7:30a ........
,-"' Chicago.. . |. ... A. .. I 2:15 P'[ 9:00 p .:.-.. ';.--
a for morning, p for afternoon. \u25a0:-..• -
•9 a. m. train Is the California Limited,
leaving Monday snd. Thursday only, car-
; rving Palace Sleeping Cars ; and Dining
Cars through to Chicago.' Chair Car runs
to Bakersneld for- accommodation of local
first -class passengers. No second-class tick-,
ets are honored on this' train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 6:55 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday. , . ..
\u25a0 4:20 p. m. is Stockton, Merced and Fresno
local. . Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
''P.'-im.'- dally. - .••••. v-'-.. .. ' \u25a0; u '..,-.
' 8:00 p. :m. Is the Overland Express with
through I Palace and | Tourist . Sleepers and
.Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
Palace Sleeper, which' cuts out at Fresno.
\u25a0 Corresponding ' train arrives at 5:55 p. m.
dally. \u25a0\u25a0•"-.."\u25a0•" t: =\u25a0 J W t *WEEPW»ir' •\u25a0•_\u25a0'--\u25a0
. 7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld local,' stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
', \u25a0•\u25a0•. Offices— 641 Market , street ' and • in Ferry
.Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak-'
land.. •;/.;\u25a0• \u25a0/;\u25a0.',• ..•..'."•\u25a0• '. : - --;- <.\u25a0•>'
rioui>rr tam alp ais. railway
Leave .» ViaSausalito Ferry •-\u25a0 Arrive •
•:• San Fran. Foot of Market SL ; San. Fran. •
Week Sun- firSJ. .„,,*_«. Sun- Week
9-30 a. 8:00 a. p^,,- •«'- « W J-«> '• »•«*.'
. \u25a0<. >:.'- .-li»K *\u25a0"•.' w « vl>^'»"v \u25a0 ;. 5:55 p. i .
-\i \u25a0' \u25a0 n Tmn, B»o Fmaelw* W Sammlt a«4 Betara. $1.90.- : -. ,
; ; Ticket Omwrt. 421 MARKiT 8TBX£T ud SitSALlXO TS.K&1.
RAILWAY TRAVEL. , : ; ;> •-
CILIFORjUA; NOSTfifESTEU It C4
SAN FRAHOSCO AND NORTH FAClflfr
RiWLWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Jrtsjrry. Fa«t •# JsVsv%sJi m>
San Francisco to San Rafael. .»\u25a0
WEEK DATS-rj30. »:00, U:00 a. m.: 12:35.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. ra. Thursdays— Kxtra trip
at 11:30 p. in. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:5v»
' and 11:30 p. m. \u25a0 ' •-•
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9CS0, 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. S:30.
5:00, 6:3) p. m. K* *m
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7;50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:43.
3:40. 5:13 p. m.' Saturdays— Extra trips at l:5J
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. U:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
5:05, 6:25 p. m. \u25a0 " '\u25a0"\u25a0' 7 - ' :']
Leave | In JSffect I Arrive
San Francisco. | April 28. 1901. | San Frandaco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I V-'eelc
Days. I days. | Destir.ta.tlon. | days. [ Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. [10:40 am 8:40 an*
3:30 pm 9:30 am Fetaluma, 6:03 pm 10:25 ain
5: Id pm 5:00 pm Santa I.Vjsa. 7:33 pm 8:20 pm
I Fultonv
7:30 an? Windso.T. 10:25 an,
5:00 pm Healdsbttg, 10:40 am
Lytton,
GeyserviUe.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 8:20 pra
7:33 arn 5:00 pm Hopland 10:40 am 10:15 am
. 3:30 pm 8:00 am and Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pa.
7:30 am 10:40 arn 10:23 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm \u25a0 ' \u25a0
3:30 pm 5:00 pm . . 6:20 pn>
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma ,9:13 am 8:40 an*
and
6:10 pm 5:C0 pm Glen Ellen. »:05 pm <:*0 pea
7:30 ami 8:00 ami |10«40 amI10:23 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 prn| : Sebastopol. | 7SJ3 pm| 6:20 pnx
Stages connect at Santa Rosa f.w Marie West
Springs and White Sulphur Eprirurs: at Fulton,
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lyttoa Springs; at
Geyserville for Skagga Springs; at Cloverdaln
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport ami Bartletc
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Sprtnys. Saratoga.
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lak*. Wltto.-
Sprlngs, Upper Lake, Pomo. Potter, Valley
Jobn Day's, Riverside. Lierley'a. Bucknell's.
Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle, Orr"* Hoc
Springs. Mendocino City, Fort "Bragg, West-
port, Usal. Wllllts, Laytonvllle. -Cummin*.
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer. Scotia,
and Eureka. •
-. Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip" tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office; 650 Market street, Chronlcl*
building. -\u25a0• ' \u25a0 - -
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallt* Ferry*
Commencing September 2S. 1901. - - '\u25a0r-<
FROM SAN FKANC1SCO- TO M1CL VALLEr.
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55, 8:30. *9:30. 11:00 a. m..
•1:45 3:15, 4:15. 5:15. •6:15. 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San.
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. rn.
SUNDAYS-*8:0O. 1u:00, '11:30 a. m.. 1:li.
3:15. '4:45. 6:30. 9:30 p. n>.
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAX FRANCISCO-
WEEK DAYS— •3:25. 6:27. 7:45. 8:35. W:U
a. m.. ••12:25. 2:15, 'J^ 4:40, 5:30 p. m. -
EfXTRA TRIPS on Monday*. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:33 p. m. . . \u25a0, - ,
SUNDAYS— 8:15. »8:00. *10:00. *11:45 a. m,.
•1:40 *3:15. 4:43,- »6:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK. DAYS— 5:45, 6:15, 7:55. 8:55, 10:30 a, m..
12:35 *:45. 3:50. 5:10 p, rn.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at- 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS-8-.05, 10:03 a. m.. 12:05. 2:15. 3:30,
5:00. 6M5 p. nv rqugh
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions ' - \u25a0
1:45" p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. . ,1 . • ' * - ' ' .
8:0) a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
'stations \u25a0 \u25a0 - • \u25a0 '
' Legal Holidays boats and trains will run on
Sunday tlm«. \u25a0 \u25a0 • '''.''
ffeefclF Call $1.08 mlm
RAILWAY TRAVEL. \u25a0
SOUTHERN PAGIPIO.
Tr.l«l...« »U .»d.. ...rr.,..,
MAM FKANl'IM«!O.
(M>ln Line, Foot of Market Street) l -
lka vx — ; From October 6. 1901. — ium
. 7:OOa Benicla, Sulsun, Elmlra tnd Sacrm-
memo O;»1p
7 iOO a Vacitille. Winters, Rumsey ?:53p
itftfA M»rtii:ez, .Sau Uaniou, Vallejo. N»pa.
O«[Ut.)g*mudS*nt» Itu»/. 0:23r
StOUA DaTis, Woodland. KnigbU I>»ndioe.
MarysTille. Orotiilo.. T>33f
S>0Oa AUautio i:x press— Ogdeu »nd But lS:3t3i»
MiOOa Niles, Lathrop, Stockton 7i2.tr
SiOO&Nlln. MendoU, Hanford, Viiall«,
rorterrille L. *«33»
. SiSOa Sliasta Express— Dnls, Williams (lot
. BarUett Springs), Willows, Red
Bluff, Portlaud. 7sBSr
• illO a Skii .line, Llietmote, Stockton,
lone, .Sacramento. PlacetTiUe,
- " MMNTllla, tihico. lied Jtlult ; ««*lf
»:SOa Oikdale. Chinese, Sonora. Carter... . 4s93r
«!<>«» Hayward, Nilel and Way Htations.. * I:»3a
~ »:«Ok Vallejo 1*1*3*
«»«« A Los Angeles Express — Martinez,
' ' Traoj, Latlirop. MtocktoD, Merwu
' Frwno and Los An«el« 7:»Sf
0:110* Vallejo. Martiuei aurt Way Stations ?:S3p
I OsOUa Tho Overland Limited— Ogden. l>«u. -
i ••\u25a0• . Ter. Omaha. Chicago ems*
fl:OOp Bucr&iuentn KUer Steamer* t3:O»A
8:3OP Uaywatd, Nllri and Way Htatlons.. ?>S3r
' 4i«i»i' Ueuteia. Winters, Hacraineiao,
Woodland. Knights Laodlut,
MnrySTille. Oioflllo - IO:8*A
4in«pMnrtluer.. Hail lUiaou, Vallejo.-.
N»im. Onilnti.Kil. MHi.in Kola UlSSA
4*.OOr Nlles, LtTermor*. Stockton. Lodi... I»i!«»r
«:a«r H.ywird, titles, Mau .lu«o, LiTtrmore tS' s »A
4t30p Port Cos a. Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton lu.33*
•lOOrThn Owl Limited— fiesuu, Tulan, :
\u25a0 lUlcersaelil. Naiigna for Santa liar-
bara. Los Aiignles... • 8:35*
• :oOr Martln'z. Antioch. Stockton. Mer- '\u25a0'_
eed, FreiBo l*:25jr
; it30r New Orleans Exprent— Mendota*
Fresno, Bskcrstleid. Los Angeles,
," D.ming. El Faso, New Orleans
- \u25a0 and East ; "7i&3k
liMr Uarward. Nile* aud San Jose ' 7:SS»
|6iO«r Vallajo II:S34
OsO»r Oriental Mall-Ogden, Cbejenne. '
Omalis, OUicsgo... 13:8Sp
B:OOr Oriental Mait-Ogdeo, Denxer. i;
St. Louis. Chioago. 4«*3p
' 7lOUr Oregon ami Oalifurnla Kxi>r«u,Hae.
. . riuiieutn. Rl»ry»»lll«. ICwMIiik,
• I'orttHiMl, I'nget .S«in.<I and ICnsl •:55i
SiVSpSta Pablo, Port Costs, MtrUnea ....
and Wa» Hlatlous .I1«2»a
jgi«3r ValH» 7i»»P
COAST LINE <X«rrow ««»«•).
(Foot of Market 8treei.) __^
»il»A NeiTark.CViiter»iIlc,Wau.li»SB,l'>ltoii,
BoulderCrceW.SaiitaCriiiandWaf
HUtlons t »•««»••
, fSilSr Newark, CenlerTill*. ban Jose. Now
*..-.\u25a0 ' Alnmileu, FbIIoii, 'llonldar Creek, -•'.
ttauta C'rus aud l'tiuclpal Way w _
. Stations • — 12*211*
4 ilS r Newark, Man .Ion* Los Gatos tS:3D*
«9.3<ir Hunters' Train— Stn Jcie and Way ' \u25a0' T"
\u25a0 Stations -. !..««»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
>«\u25a0 Sll msCISCO-.»oot «f Muktt Street (Slip i)-~
t7:14 'J.OO 11:00*. U. 1:00 3:03 6:18r.M.
htsiOlIUlB— U*\ »t »«»«•« J.— f:00 ta.00 18:09
' 10.00. ,m. 13:S0 8:00 t:0ar.M. ;
r -COAST LINE (Kro».H.«n K 8).
:- -\u25a0•(ThhilmidTowmeiulSto.)
" fitioa San Jos«aml Way rtUUons. 1'aT.l
. VtHOA Man JomwI W«y Stnll..!/..... ,1*11'
/7H»»* New Alinari-ii •••••• /«»»•••
HiOOa Han .lose. Tiej I'inos. Hanta «.riix.
Paeiilo (Uure, ballnis. 6sd Lull
Obispo. 8anU Barbara ami Prin-
dpftlTntarme.U.U HUtL.ns l'1? p
1O>:IO. Ban Jose aud Way Stations f V.Jf*
I IiSOa Kan .lose ami Way Htatlons ........ t'dOr
\u25a0 tSilArSan Mateo, lledwooil. Meulo Park, •
. .-. Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Kan. loss.
. TrasPioos. S»nU Omi.. Salluas. ,
' ' ° Monterey hii.1 l\ir.lne (?ro*e tin>43a
. >.»or Han Jose and "Way Station*. .... 6tMi
• t4ilBr Sau Joseand Principal Way Stations »;^»*
\u2666S:oor 6»n Joso. Los Gatos snd Principal '-
WsySUUoiis....:. :........'.
; St3Or San .loi« and Prioelp*' Way Stations Si3Oa
1 «ill«r Redwoid. Han Jos*. GUtnj. Salinas, \u25a0
\u25a0 -, • Santa Barbara, Loi Angeles...... JOsOSa
«13»r 8an Jose and Way Htationa. ........ * t*««»*
«Ui4Sr Sau Jose an'l War Htatlons ' QiaOT
• \u25a0\u25a0 A for Morniiif . ~. I' for Afternoon. • "
fHtinday «xc«»|.ted. * t Sunday onlT- 1 \u25a0,,
i « Saturday ooly. , • " / Tuesdays and Frldajs^'
aDr; Gibbon's Dispensai-y,
629 KEABNT ST. Essablished
ii> 1934 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Maahood. - Debility or
div>ase wearlnrpn body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor curssiwhen
others fait. Try him. trhar»»s low.
Currafcnnrnntrrd. Call oc"Writs»
KrT. 4. JF. «IB5OX. a«u Francisco. CaL - __THE SAN FRANCKUO CALL. MONDAY, OCTOBER 28,- 1901
8
KDCCATiOXAi — Continued.
ILLUSTRATION--PARTINGTbN'S DAT »and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S BusttiesT College 24 Post st. S. F.;
- founded 1S63; new 80-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE and~Chinese" help or all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house ! servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st; t'el. Bush 135.
CHINESE Employment .- Office— All kinds of
help furnished.- 439 Bush st ; tel. James 1601.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 624 Bush st ; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.'nr. Sutter; tel. Black.5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce: all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 51SS.
BMl'LOYMfcJNT VVAATKJJ — FEMALKj
FRENCH young lady~with best education
. wishes a position in a good family to 'give
lessons to children. Address E. M., 814 Jack-
son st. - .
.STRONG, good, willing woman; a great house-
cleaner and can do most any kind of work;
good references; \u25a0 wages -Jl per day and car
tare; good washer of flannels. 233 Third, r. 6.
A RESPECTABLE woman wishes chamber-
work five or six hours each day: will room
and board herself. Box 1752. Call office. y
GOOD experienced girl wishes second work nice
American family; wages 425. Address Sec-
. ond Girl, box 1750. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, would like to go out
a few hours a day; housework. Address 354
Grove st, near Gough. , t \u25a0
WOMAN wants position to cook and do house-
work. 434% Clementina St., downstairs; no
postals answered unless car fare paid; -
RESPECTABLE woman as nurse by the week
or month; would care for invalid; "good ref-
erences. Call before 8 p. m., 828 Geary st.
RESPECTABLE woman wants work by day;
washing, ironing and house cleaning. Ad-
dress box 1760. Call office. '
SITUATION wanted by good woman in small
American family. Call 13C9 Laguna st. ; no
postals answered. . '
POSITION wanted by a young woman to do
. cooking and downstairs work; wages $25.
Apply at 126 Lily ave., near Gough st.
SITUATION wanted by a Danish girl from the
Kast as chambermaid or housework. Ad-
dress W. M., P. O. box 85, Petaluma.
SWEDISH girl; excellent cook; in small fam-
ily; wages |30. Call 1162 McAllister st.
WANTED— By a competent girl, position as
cook; wages J25 to .$30. Address 1522 Polk st.
COLORED woman wants any kind of work;
day or week. Address 418 Natoma st, near
FUth. . -
-REFINED English lady wishes position as
housekeeper, companion or seamstress; ref-
>^erences. Box 1444, Call office.
SWEDISH girl wishes housework in small
family. Apply at 160 Fourteenth st*
MIDDLE-AGED lady would like mending. Ap-
ply at 602 Minna st. \u25a0 '
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $150 per night; $150 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; j free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 22O0 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109t>
Valencia st. ..\u25a0.^_:
EMPLO YMEST w^ TE _ P^~ MA J jE !..
POSITION wanted by thoroughly reliable Scan-
dinavian on city or country place as coach-
man, gardener and general utility man; can
milk and understands his business thorough-
ly; references. Address box 1464. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS coachman and valet; single:
neat appearance; sober; uses no tobacco; ex-
pert horseman and driver; best ref. and per-
sonal from last employer. Box 1431. Call.
POSITION In first-class grocery store as sales-
man or buyer; this State or Arizona; by ex-
perienced -man; no tending bar; references.
Box 1632. Call otfice.
MARRIED man would take charge of ranch
or rent on shares; stock ranch preferred;
have had experience. Address box 1328, Call.
WANT work; can make over 'mattresses good,
as new, re-cover furniture, clean carpets; will
work cheap. Box 1751. Call office.
POSITION In wholesale liquor or grocery busi-
ness as salesman; experienced either in city
or on the road. Box 1373, Call office.
WANTED— Light steady wcrk around private
place or resort; can assist In kitchen (not
restaurant); please state full particulars; ref-
erences; age 35. HARTLEY, care L. FITZ-
GERALD & SON, grocers, corner Twenty-
third and Hampshire sts.
GARDENER wishes position; long years' expe-
rience; thoroughly competent In all branches
of horticulture; inside and outside work, and
all work pertaining to large grounds; best
of recommendations. Box 1434, Call office.
A YOUNG man, good habits, seeks position as
bookkeeper or otfice work of any kind; good
references. Box 14S2, "Call office.
(• 1 . — — -
A STRONG reliable young man with sev-
eral years' experience In liquor Work wants
position In any capacity in liquor or wine
house; can do barrel repairing; good refer-
ences. Box 1113, Call office.
POSITION wanted as electrician and engineer;
would like to take charge of small plant In
country; speaks English, Spanish and Ger-
man Box 1451, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man, handy with all khids of
tools, wants steady work any place or in
factory or wholesale house or as watchman;
Al references. M.' L., 719V4 Bush st.
WANTED — Work as millwright or foreman ot
planlng-mlll or woodworking factory; over 20
years' experience; sober and steady. Box
1458, Call office. 5 ___!__
A YOUNG man with experience as traveling
solicitor and capable of producing business
desires to Identify himself, as salesman, with
ai established house. . Box 1432, Call office.
POSITION as typewriter and I stenographer;
commercial work preferred; refer to Nolan
& George Co., wholesale shoes, 316 Market
st. Address N. S., in their care. "
A MIDDLE-AGED man, well educated, desires
position as porter In some wholesale commis-
sion house. Address H. SCHROEDER.-.2269
Geary st. ' - \u25a0-
ENGINEER well up in the ice machine busi-
ness, electric light and power, with 2£ years'*
experience, wants position; Al references.
, Address box ,1238. Call office:
MAN with wife and 2 children from the East
would like to find employment for himself
on a ranch; also for his wife at same place.
Address A. E. CRAIG. Monticello. Cal.
AN experienced storekeeper and wine cellar
man. married, desires steady position in club
or hotel; strictly temperate. Box 1438, Call.
YOUNG man desires office position; highest
California references. Box 1436, Call office.
GARDENER. German, wants situation; compe-
tent in all branches of gardening; long ex-.
perience. Address R., box 1433. Call office.
ANY respectable work by ambitious and In-,
telligent young. man; can furnish good refer-
ences. M. W.. box 1435. Call office.
AN elderly man wishes a position to take care
of horses or garden; good driver. 613 Mont-
gomery st. •
ATTENDANT'S or valet's position by young
German; can give massage. .- M. W., box
1454. Call office. \u25a0
1 YOUNG man fluent In English, French, Span-
ish, Italian, desires situation; willing to
work. Box 1443, Call office. " . ,
TRAVELING salesman would take exclusive
line to New Mexico or Arizona; expenses, salr
ary or commission. Box 1473, Call office.
A STRONG young man of 21 would like a posi-
tion in a wholesale house to do porter work..
Address M. H., 1115 Stelner st. \u25a0
WANTED— A situation , as silk and dress
{ goods salesman; best references. Address box
1449, Call office. ' . .\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-.. ...y.-
HELPER in carriage and wagon work wants
work; 10 years' experience. Address : N. P.,
1020 Howard st. \u25a0
MIDDLE-AGED man wants light work; small
wages; has good references. . L. A., -box 1415,
Call office. .
WANTED— To do some painting or paper
hanging In city t 6r country. Box 1389, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established- at 1096
• Valencia? at.- : *\u25a0\u25a0 -••\u25a0_• \u25a0\u25a0.---'\u25a0
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (inc.)— We
have 42 olnces in operation ;• new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies . Incor-
\u25a0 porated ; stocks and bonds underwritten. - Call
or address main office. 507-8-9 ' Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES promoted and financed;", stock
taken In payment for services; good mining
and • Industrial . propositions wanted: gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post st; - - : '
_\u25a0 KLATW TO LK'f — KliKMSHKO/J
AN. 8-room flat, nicely furnished; sunny; $50.
724 Powell st. -; > - \u25a0-..•. \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0• - .
WASHINGTON, 2833— Handsomely furnished
- sunny flat, -7. rooms, ; with piano, garden. ;
$25-1517 GOLDEN GATE ave.. furnished parlor
floor. 4 rooms.- etc. ; piano, bath; garden. \u25a0
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Ban Francisco
Call, corner cf Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
URAKCII OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 8:30 p. m.
300 Hayes nreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
6C9 McAllister street: cpen until 9:30 p. m.
Hi Larkln street : open until 9:30 p. m.
IS41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
S2C1 Market ttrtet. corner .sixteenth; open
until 8 p. m.
106 Eleventh street: open until. 9 p. m.
"096 Valencia et; open until 9 p.~m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ttreets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETIXU NOTICES^
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Commandery
No. 16 K. T.. €25 Sutter St.— Special
assembly THIS EVENING, at 8 IIJJ
o'clock. Order of Temple. All fra- *W
uts are courteously Invited.
H D LOVELAND. Em. Com.
THEO FROLICH. Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. L Royal \u25a0
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVEN-^^
ING. ixgrees 4. 5 and 6. 7%^
H. G. PRINCE. Secretary. '^*
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. \u25a0
M.-THIS < MONDAY) EVENING, at _JV_
7:13 o'clock. Third decree. Mafter J%j\
Masons cordially invited. By order / yr '
of the W. M.
WALTER G. ANDERSON, Sec.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260. F. \u25a0
and A. M.. 1839 Fillmore St.— Third de- J^.
pree THIS EVENING at 7:S0 o'clock. jCjT
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary. / A
GRAND Master Wm. Nlcholls Jr., <cyWtt«t-
I. O. O. F.. of the State of Call- §jgS?3fe
fomia. will pay Excelsior Lodge
No. 310. I. O. O. F.. an official '\u25a0*»»«•
Vsit on MONDAY EVENING. October 28.
:«1. at Excelsior Hall, 2319 Mission st Vis-
itors cordially Invited.
O. M. COLBURN. N. G.
E. A. WHEELER. R. S.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
rroce?R irom • N. Gilman, in the American
House Mine, at the American House. Plumas
Co.. to deposit tailings in a ravine below the
mine; from James A. Modglin. in the Old
Oardiner's Point Diggings, near Port Wine.
Sierra Co.. to deposit tailings In Saw Mill
Ravine: from the California Company, in the
North Hill Placer Mine, near Milton, Cala-
veras Co., to deposit tailings in Rich Gulch,
and from L. V. Tefft in the Lone Star Mine,
near Cromberg. Plumas Co.. to deposit tall-
inps in Jackson Creek, gives notice that a
meeting will be held at room 59. Flood build-
ing. San Francisco. Cal., on November lL
1SC1. at 1:30 p. m.
ACESTS WASTED.
AGENTS~WAN r TED— Our great eet of Christ-
mas books now ready. Best and newest books
for children. Colored pictures. Lowest prices.
Best sellers ever known. Agents selling from
12 to 25 books a da-. Alsp life William Me-
Kinley and Complete Story of His Assassina-
tion, Including Lives of Lincoln and Garfleld
and Stories of their Assassination. About 600
j extra large pages. Biggest best book. Superb-
ly Illustrated. Lowest price. Hcndsome and
valuable premium. 75 per cent to agents. One
book free with each ten ordered. Freight paid-
Credit given. No experience necessary. Outfit
free. Sell the best book. Make the most
money. We give the most liberal treatment
All orders shipped day they are received. We
own the largest binderies and are the enly
publishers shipping books promptly. HENRY
NEIL. 323 Dearborn at.. Chicago. 111.
GLOBE Portrait Co. — Removed to 1067 Market
et.: agents wanted: can make $3 to $5 a day.
ADOPTION.
MATERNITY Villa— Good homes for healthy in-
fant*. Dr. Emllle Funke.1416 8th St. Alameda.
ASPHALTUM ROOFING.
J PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
palred: postal. 11SS Mission: tel. Folsom 2477.
ASTROLOGY.
PROF ROUSSEAU, astrologist: complete life
reading. EOc: by mall. 50c 1163 Market st
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
FREE advice— J. M. VERDENAL, attorney. S14
Montgomery St.— Divorces, private; fees low;
probating; bankruptcy: collections; suits;
titles perfected; documents drawn; mortgages;
property bought: money loaned; Insurance 30c
on $100. P. B. TRAVERS, evenings. 4184 Post
ADVICE free: divorces private: bankruptcy: col-
lections ; attachments ; mortgages : bills of sale ;
partnerships; deeds; wille drawn ;fees low; open
eve's. THURSTON. 1008^ Mkt., r. 4. opp. 6th.
ADVICE free— Divorces a specialty: quick:
quiet; no charge without success; collections,
wills deeds, etc.. prepared: charge low; estb.
16 years. Atty. G. W. HOWE, SSO Market St.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, sixth
floor, H6 Market— Legal business of all kinds
solicited: advice free; able body of attorneys.
ADVICE free: moderate fee if successful; office
open evenings. HUGH C. GRANT, 927 Market.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 127 Market st. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket ft-: consultation free: no fees In advance.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
GOOD second-hand bicycles for sale, $5 up;
eend for bargain list. LEAVITT & BILL.
3C9 Larkin- «t
mm-—*—~m-m-~mmm-,m—m.mm~*mmm-mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
IJOARimC FOR CHILDREN.
GOOD home (piano lessons free); every atten-
tion given: can accommodate S children; rate
js a month. Call or address
SCHWEINHARD,
Rooms 1-2, S17 Market st., opposite Mason.
WANTED— Home for boy 20 months old. Ap-
_ply_MRS. CBOGHAK, 3329 Twenty-second St.
MOTHER'S care and good home for two or
three children; low terms. 1607 California st
UOOKS — WSW AND OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought Tel. Red 2936.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 7C4-706-7CS Mission Bt
IIUIU2AU Tltl'MvS.
TRUNKS of every description at bedrock
prices. Factory and salesroom, S26 Howard.
BUSINESS CHANCES.'
A— JCOj — CIGAR store; wholesale district; splen-
did chance for lady or gentleman. R. G.
\\xLKE, 26% Kearny st. t
$400— CORNER grocery and bar: living rooms;
cheap rent: best part of the Mission; see and
make an offer. K. «. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny.
A— $1SOO-CORNER grocery and bar, doing a
large cash business; splendid bar trade: rent
1:2; sickness of wife only cause of sale. See
K. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— S12S0— BAKERY and restaurant; established
for years; doing a tim-class paying business.
Call It. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— I'JM— DELICACY . and pork store, with 3
L\ing rooms; rent $14: business established
years and clearing above 1100 per month. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2o£ Ktarny st
A— $1000— LIQUOR store on Market St.; estab-
lished many years, doing a good paying busi-
ness; investigate and you will find a splendid
business offer. R. G. WILKE, 26*4 Kearny.
A— tXA— COFFEE ealoon and restaurant on
Fourth St., near Market; rent S30; place does
a good paying business. Call R. G. WILKE.
SC'i K^arny st.
A. STENBERG CO 759 Market st
Phons Black 5491.
Stores, city and country real estate and all
kinds of business bought and sold. Lodging-
h<<UFe?. restaurants and cigar stores -a spe-
,o.alty.- -.. .--
FEW BARGAINS.
I>K,0— Grocery; central; large trade; n. Markt.
$w>0-Groeery; good email stock; horse, wagon.
5:^0- Partner In grocery; fine. stock; well lo-
<-ar«d: wants practical groceryman; half int
- I2CO— The best paying restaurant north Mar-
krt: usukI receipts $150 day; seats- 100; sick-
nees cornuels eale at enc-e.
52««— PARTNER v/anted in light business suit-
ed to plain, rteady man satisfied with $20 a
week: no exp«n«-r.c« required; trial given be-
fcrt buying. 135 Market St.. room 14.
GROCERY and bar. % living room?; bears full
invcEtleation. Cell at PX Market *t. room H.
GROCERY and bar. 3 living rooms: bears full
investigation. Call at 935 Market room 14.
CIGAR stcre.'very coed corner, at a bargain.
<CaO &t 9Sr> Market Et. room 14.
CIGAR store, very good corner, at a bargain
• all at 933 Market St., room 14.
ROOMING and boarding-htfuses. hotels, flats,
acres and business places cf every description
told and exchanccd. McBRIDE £1 CO.. 893
Market Et. : phone Folsom 450.
TOR SALE— A good saloon on Market st- on
account of death will be sold at a bargain*; no
j.£«nt«>. Ai-ply McLEOD & HATJE. 513 Mar-
•kt-t rt. \u25a0 \u25a0
A— iZM: RESTAURANT; cood location; well
ft ted vp and paying; must be* sold at once.
I'jtciSc Kus<nces Exchange. 765 Market et -
JSOT-HEFTACRANT; chance to Ret bargain;
rart down: coed location. DONALD McRAE.
HI MH-clon rt
A FINE business, not relling but giving away;
call and see. .FISHER & CO., 935 Market st:
phone Folficm 1592. . ,
A— DELICACY store In first-class running or-
<3<t; tnan. MITCHELL & CO.. 12vC Market.
A-CIGAlfstand: 20 to select from; JIM to $1200.
Ask C L. HEDGES. 461-462. Parrott building.
. \u25a0 _ _ _ " y' LA ' rs T ° let.
LIBERTY, 221— Flat, 5 rooms and bath; tubs;
,must be seen to be appreciated.
A' MODERN flat, just renovated: 6 rooms and
bath. 735B Ellis St.
MODERN sunny upper flat. 7 rooms and bath;
flrst-class order. 105 South Park.
-*—;; ;
2721 V4 MISSION— Lower flat. 5 rooms^and bath.
O'FARRELL. 1933— Modern flat, 6 rooms, bath;
yard: basement; cheap to good tenant.
THREE rooms, basement and yard; in rear.
IIS Fillmore st. -.;•.' \u25a0 \u25a0 .
TO let— A, cozy flat of 3 rooms and yard; $10.
20 Harrjfeon ave.
4 ROOMS and bath; upper flat. 15 Perry st.
$13 50-189 SHIPLEY., near Sixth; nice middle
flat: bath; gas; yard; sunny.
$22 50—111 LIBERTY st. near Guerrero; hand-
some flat; choice neighborhood. -
FLATS WASTED.
COTTAGE or flat of 4 or, 5 rooms and bath in
Mission; to be flrst-class; no children. Ad-
drcss box 1465. Call office.
- FRAMES AND PICTURES.
CLYDE L. KELLER. 128-130 Hayes. V. Ness
--Best work and lowest prices west Chicago.
FURNITURE FOR .SALE.
4 ROOMS \ furnished In oak. $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
WILSON buys all kinds of household goods.
1710 Market; tel. South 413.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
A. L. STORRS. 634 Ellis st ; telephone Larkin
27S2; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL: Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
, GLOVES^
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
HfciLl* WANTED *'EdIALE.
A-MRS. M. E. DAY & CO. ...Phone Main 1575
HOTEL -DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses. Sacramento $25; 2 waitresses,
,. Fresno, $20, fare advanced; 2 waitresses, Mo-
desto; waitress, Salinas; waitress, Watson-
ville; 9 waitresses, city and nearby hotels, $20
and $25; 2 restaurant waitresses, $7; chamber-
maids to assist waiting, country, $20; pastry'
cook, light work. $30; pantry woman, $25
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook, Alameda, .$30; cook, San Rafael, $30;
cook, Oakland, $30; 3 cooks and housegirls,
$30 and $25; Irish . housework girl, $30; second
girl. 2 in family. San Rafael. $25; houseglrl
on ranch, no washing, country, $20. see lady
here, fare paid; many other choice places.
MRS. M. E.' DAY & CO., 335 Geary st.
A— CASHIER for evening work. 5 hours only,
$8 week. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335 Geary.
A— YOUNG lady for all around work in candy
factory, $5 week to begin. MRS. M. E. DAY
& CO.. 335 Geary st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO...... "Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 head waitresses '...$33 to $40
2 waitresses," commercial hotel, see party here
10 a. m. Monday... $20
2 chambermaids to wait, short distance $20
10 waitresses, hotels, city and country $20
Restaurant waitresses $6, $7, $8 week
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cooks of all nationalities $25, $35
Housegirls, city and country $10, $25
Second girl, Berkeley, fare paid $20
Housegirls, Martinez $20
Housegirls. MarysvUle $20
Second girls, nursegirls $15, $20
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
NEAT American nursegirls with references,
$15. Apply at C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. 101
Geary st.
MARY SULLIVAN, .the cook, who used to
work In Berkeley— Please call or send ad-
dress to C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED — A flrst-class Swedish or German
waitress and chambermaid, with city refer-
ences. Call at 1718 Pine st, near Franklin,
from 10 to 2.
EXPERIENCED girl to do general housework
in Oakland: German or Scandinavian pre-
ferred; small washing; wages $30. Inquire
room 7, 600 Montgomery st.
PANTS finishers; also apprentices; steady
work; paid while learning. 14 McAllister st.,
room 18. - •
WANTED— A competent cook who understands
German cooking; references required. Call
between 5 and 6 at 1640 Pine st.
WANTED — Operator? and finishers on custo.n
coats: high wages. 40 Ellis St., room 52.
WANTED— Waist hands. 2014 Sutter st.
WANTED— A' clrl to assist in light house-
work. Apply 1724 Buchanan st.
WANTED— Girl In candy store; 6 a. m. to 8
p v m. Twenty-third and Folsom »ts.
WANTED— A girl to assist In housework. Ap-
ply 1510 Vallejo st.
GIRL to take care of a child durtnir day.
1637 Geary st
GIRL wanted for light housework and take care
of child. 1632 McAllister st: good home.
WANTED— A girl for cooking and general
housework for country. Apply 1409 Webster.
GIRL to assist In housework: one who sleeps
home preferred. 1916B Powell st. •
YOUNG girl for general housework; 4 in fam-
1.1 y.. adults. 1930 Sutter st.
GOOD waitress wanted. 521 Kearny st
WANTED— A girl to do general housework and
sleep at home. Address 601 Larkln st
GIRL to do general housework and assist with
children; no washing; wages $25. 1 Scott st.
FIRST-CLASS hands on dressmaking; also an
apprentice. 6 Eddy st., rooms 96-97.
GIRL for light housework, $10; no Sunday
work. Call after 1 at 519 Jones st.
GIRL for general housework; wages $20. 1603
Laguna st.
GIRL for general housework .'and cooking Ap-
ply 2330 Sacramento St., corner Broderick.
GIRL wanted In candy store; experienced or
Inexperienced. 1925 Fillmore st.
COMPETENT cook. "2344 Sutter st.
WANTED— Girl to assist in general housework.
791 McAllister st, near Octavia.
MACHINE operators at LEVI STRAUSS &
.CO.'S overall factory. 32H Fremont st; good
wages; no experience necessary; steady work.
Apply MR. DAVISj
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and neg-
ligee shirts; also a few bright girls about 16
years of age for instruction; paid while learn-
ing. Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough
and Grove ets. •
WANTED— A head saleslady for a, flrst-class
bakery and lunch parlor in large country
town; must be able to take charge of store;
German preferred. Box 1485. Call.
WHOLESALE house desires the services of
competent, trustworthy woman over 25; ex-
perience in office work not necessary. Box
1479. Call office. .
GIRL to do plain cooking, no washing, $15.
Apply at 233 Third ave., Richmond district;
take Geary or Sutter st.' car -and get off at
Third ave. - - • , . 8
ATTENDANTS, ladies aged 20 to 33, as proba-
tl oners for hospital to train as nurses ;- pref-
erence to those with institution : experience.
St. Elmo Hospital, Douglass and 18th sts. >
HAIRDRESSING taught In 2 weeks; manlcur-
ing & facial massaire included; course $5: po-
sitions positively guaranteed: 4 good positions
waiting. S. F. College, 233 Geary st. room 15.
WANTED— Experienced seamstress^' on cloak
and . suit \u25a0 alterations." Apply bet. 8 and 11
a. m. - at HALE . BRO?.'
A LADY with large acquaintance among pro-
fessional and business women; no soliciting;
remuneration good. Box 1606, Call office."
RELIABLE American working housekeeper;
fond of children; moderate wages; good home.
Box 1477. Call office.
WANTED— Experienced -«bperators- on ladles'
dress skirts; steady work; good pay. MARKS
BROS... .1212 Market st. \u25a0 , V.
EXPERIENCED -operators on negligee shirts;
.steady work; best prices. .LOWENBERG &
CO.. 27 Jessie st. 6th floor.
EXPERIENCED waist hands wanted. JUDA
BROS.. 103 Battery st. . . .
WANTED-^A girl for plain housework.. -2S08
\u25a0 Twenty-fourth st, near Bryant. . • •
WANTED— Y«ung girl for general housework-
: no cooking. . 1831 Eddy st. . . •
WANTED— Flrst-class sleevemaker.' Apply 1320
Van Ness ave. • .\u25a0 v . ,-• • , - .
WANTED— An assistant in medical treatments
. Box 1440, Call office. , - - . '. ,
GOOD finishers and buttonhole makers; steady
.work. 1170 Market st. room 101.
.GOOD: finishers' on cloaks and suits at II
-RATNER'S. 131 Pont at-.;; - •*
WANTED— A "flrst-class saleslady;.' references.
Call ; bet.' 7 \u25a0 and 9 p.' m. . 206 - Hickory ave:;
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid while
, learning. Belasco : & Harris Co.. 541 Market.
HELP WASTED— \u25a0FEMALE-— Con.
WANTED— First-class waist, skirt ana oioa*
hands. Apply 1200 Geary st. . \u25a0 V. .
WANTED— Womeu fur light. work on fru:t
1731 Folsom st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
. received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisemecia anJ
has been establisned at 1034
Valencia st. '\u25a0 • .
HELP WANTED — MALE.
A^MURRRaT~&" READY. ...Phone Main-5843
• Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Office open 7 a. m. Monday
Ship ...R. R. Men ..Fre«
C. N. W. R. R....... Uklah
60 teamsters and laborers, Uklah. free fare.
SAWMILL AND W'OODS.
Fare paid See boss here
10 laborers to work in mills and yards. $33
and fd., no experience required
5 swampers for woods, $55 and found, fare
paid see boss here
Shingle -packer. $65 and fd.; shingle packer.
$52 and fd '.
LABORERS.
4 laborers for factory; 10 laborers, country.
$2 25: 10 drillers. $2 50; laborers to help sur-
veyor, city; 5 laborers to-day. Sunday. $30
MISCELLANEOUS
\u25a0 Gardener, country ..$30 and found
Stableman, Institution, $25 and found: stable-
man, private. $25 and found: stableman. iac-
tory, country, $25 and found........'...
Buggy washer, city $40 and found
6 muckers for a large mine $75
Choreboy for store, country. $12 to $15: boy
for store. $10 and found; milk wagon driver.
$25 and found; 13 milkers, $30 and $35 and
found;. 10 choremen: 5 chore boys; 25 farmers;
8 plow teamsters
MECHANICAL
. Harness-maker, country shop
Harness-maker, ranch $40 and found
Machinist, factory Lathe hand, near city
Tinsmith Carpenter for mine
Horseshoer. city Machine blacksmith
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Camp cook, near city $40 and found
4 cooks, city and country; 15 waiters, city
and country; 3 butchers; 3 porters, hotels: 15
kitchen hands, dishwashers, etc.: slaughter-
house butcher, ranch, $50 and found
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay St.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
Railroad Work Railroad Work
Free Fare Free Fare
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
50 drillers and muckers $2 to $2 50 a day
• FOR COMPANY WORK
20 laborers $175 a day
Free Fare Ship Dally '....Free Fare
10 shovelmen. country $2 25 a day
2 rough carpenters, country $3 a day
Farmers, milkers, choremen, stablemen and
others. .
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 broilers. $70 and $60; head waiter, country,
$3o; pantryman, country, $30; man to run
dishwashing machine, country, $30; steward
and storeroom man. hotel, city, $30; 20 kitchen
hands, dishwashers and others: porters and
bellboys, city and country.
C. R. HANSEN &. CO ..104 Geary st
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S.. 610 Clay st-
fe tableman, country livery. $35 and found;
driver for milk wagon. $30 and found: 3 la-
borers for sewer work. $2 a day; 2 young men
for fruit peddllnj, $25 and board; dishwasher,
2 days off a week. Oakland. $25; marker for
laundry. $35 and found; cook for bay boat.
$40; 10 pick and shovel laborers, north. $2 25
a day; 10 scraper teamsters, north. $2 25 a
day; remember, we pay fares both ways and
return office fees to any one not offered work
where sent; no other office gives you this
guarantee. -,
AMERICAN general merchandise clerk. $30 to
$60; printer for country. $9 week; gardener
for country, $30 and found; man about
place, $30 and found; man and wife,
small orchard, $40 and found: stableman. $60-
2 drivers for milk wagon. $30 and found and
$50 month: 3 bridge carpenters. $3 50 day; 2
fruit peddlers; 2 slack work coopers, $35 and
found; box nailers; 3 milkers, $30 and $35
and found; teamsters, $2 25 day: laborers, $2
and J2 25 day; drillers. $2 50 day; cooks, wait-
ers, dishwashers and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 62S Sacramento st.
A— MAN and wife to run kitchen, small hotel,
country. $45; doorboy. Institution, $12 to *15
and found. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 333
Geary st.
WANTED— By respectable young lady, partner
In old established and well paying cigar store;
best location: cheap rent; good chance for
suitable party; $150 required. Apply cigar
factory. 257 Fourth st.. corner Fol som.
BARBERS. Attention— The State Board of
Barber Examiners meet dally from 9 until 4
p. m. at Emma Spreckels building, 927 Market
st. room 204-. P. W. DRAKE, secretary.
WANTED- Reliable young man with some
cash; '$13 to $15 week; no experience; steady
place. 1221 Market st., room 1. upstairs.
BOY to work In tailor's store and do errands;
state experience in own writing. Address
box 1753. Call office. J
WANTED— Man who can hustle; extraordinary
Inducements offered up-to-date salesman by
large concern. Address box 553, Call office.
BARBER, first class, to take half interest free
in a good shop. 705 Fourth st, San Rafael.
Cal. *
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker and fine ladles' tall-
orlng. DANZIGER. 237 Powell st.
FIRST-CLASS ladies' tailor wanted for the
country. Apply STEIX, SIMON & CO.
A YOUNG man to drive butcher wagon; West-
ern Addition preferred. 1612 Post st. •
WANTED— A cook and dishwasher. Olympic
Cafe, 44 Stockton st . .
WANTED— Press hands "in can factory. Apply
434 Jackson st.
GOOD blacksmith wanted. 1504 Folsom st
BOOTBLACK wanted at 1905 Fillmore st.
GOOD bootblack wanted. 213 Sansome st.
WANTED— Bakers on bread and cakes. Ill La r -
l:in st
BOY wanted; , wages $3 50 per week. Apply
drug.8tore. corner Geary and Octavia sts.
WANTED— A boy. . bunting decorator. • 304
Turk st; call early.
YOUNG butcher; German preferred. People's
Market, cornery Sixteenth and Market sts.
GOOD waiter wanted. 37 Fourth st. '.'";"..'
WANTED-^Young man for porter's work. An-
ply 24 Sixth st.
BOY wanted. 341 Hayes st;
WANTED— 2 first-class painters. 810 Laguna
street.
WANTED— A first-class waiter. 29 Stockton
street. \u25a0*
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st. bet, lst.and 2d sts.
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co..
near Weavervllle. Trinity Co.. Cal.; apply on
work; steady work, good board and best
wages in State. San Francisco Construction
Co.. 26 Montgomery St.. room 23, San Fran-
cisco, Cal. t . - mm *.
WANTED— Steady, sober German as driver for
baker wagon, on Western Addition route:
HELP WANTED— MALE— Con.
WANTED— Men for light work on fruit 1731
Folsom st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25o
to 50c. 563 Mission st. bet 1st and 3d .ats.
TINSMITHS wanted. American Can Company,
61S Battery st \
TAILORS— First-class ladies' tailor wanted for
the country. Apply to STEIN. SIMON St CO.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the word. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st
PENSION' atty.. E. A. Bullis. r. 40. Phelan
big. Past com. *Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms. 25c night: reading rooms; fre«
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore at,
HOKSKS AXD \VA0iO>5.
SALE of horses, property of G. T. Shea; 30
good young horses, 5 to S year3 old; alt well
broke and well bred: one fine iron-gray geld-
ing, one black gelding, one large bay gelding.
" Wilkes trotting bred; the above three are ex-
tra driving horses and will be shown to har-
ness; to be sold at auction TUESDAY. Octo-
ber 29. tl9Cl. at 11 o'clock a. m.. at Nelson's
Training Stables corner St. Charles st. and
Eagle ave., Alameda. Cal. J. A. MO.VRO,
Auctioneer. Passengers by broad gauge leava
train at Bay-st station.
A HUNDRED head of well broke German
army horses, suitable for all business pur-
poses. Just arrived. JOHN H. HALTON. at
Chas« & Co.'s sales yard, 1733 Market st.
WANTED— Horse, buggy and harness for
board and care: good care given and if sat-
isfactory will buy If price Is* reasonable.
Address Horse, box 1149, Call office.
DO not fall to attend the special auction sal*
Wednesday. October 23. at 11 a. m., at tha
Arcade Horse Market. 327 Sixth st JOHN
J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
ONE 1-horse truck, one 4-ton express wagon,
one gurney; all second-hand: one second-hand
trap. CARVILL MFG. CO.. 48 Eighth at
VERY stylish bay carriage team: seventeen
hands; sound, gentle. E. S.. 721 Howard st.
ONE second-hand delivery wagon; also bust-
ness buggy. 1370 Turk st •
A BARGAIN In good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 603 G. G. ave.
CHEAP— New panel body delivery. 1 laundry, I
baker's. 1 shoe, 1 grocery wagon. 82S Harrison.
ALL kinds of wagons, buargies. carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st
AN" A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
DISSECTING subjects wanted, i! F\ Vet
Col.. 510 G. G. ave.. Dr. E. J. Creely. dean.
HOSPITALS. "
MENTAL and nervous diseases cared for at ST.
ELMO HOSPITAL. 230 Douglass st. 9. E*.
HOl'SES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for clr-
cnlar. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
CLAY. 1249— Upper part of house. to let; suita-
ble , for small family.
$33-PACIFIC Heights house; 2619 Octavta st;
7 rooms, bath; rent $35: apply at once.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED. N
$100— MAGNIFICENT 10-room newly furnished
home for rent; all improvements: electric
lights; furnace; two bathrooms, etc.: Presi-
dio Heights; marine view. Box 1607. Call.
CLAY. 3710— Furnished house of 8 rooms and
bath; billiard table and Stelnway grand
piano; marine view; rent $70 per month.
f^- HOUSES WANTED^
WANTED— lyoclglng-house of 13 rooms or mor«»,
furnished or partly furnished: state price and
location. Box 14S7, Call office.
BY permanent terant 6 or 7 room house or
flat, with yard, north of McAllister. Writ*
to M. E. B.. 32A Belvedere st.
LOST AND FOU.ND.
LOST— Near Jefferson square. Yorkshire terrier.
1 year old: name Dandy. Return to 723
Golden Gate ave.; liberal reward.
LOST— Young bull terrier, white with brown
spot on tall. Liberal reward if returned to
KING KEYSTONE OIL' CO.. 116 Front st
LOST— Eyeglasses on Saturday fcet Twelfth
and Central aves. ; reward. 243 Twelfth ave.,
Richmond district .
LOST— A passbook wiab the Hibernta Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In tha
name of FRANK M. GLOSEMEYER: No.
256-284. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San* Francisco. In the
name of MRS. LAURA ELLA BAILEY; No.
92,791. The finder will please return to bank.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs ol*
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al caroet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 413 Powell St.;
tel. Buah 421.
MEDICAL. ~~~
DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and la
trouble call - and consult the specialist My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases hava
been relieved by my medical treatment: fre»
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature: all classes of female complaint*
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
W. O'DONXELL. 1013 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
A— Mrs. Sweet, graduate Royal University, Ber-
lin; 25 years' experience in midwifery cases;
utmost confidence can be placed in her; takes
& treats ladies before & during confinement;
best care, attention; confinement $15; board $4
week; infants adopted. 3S27 18th st; Mlsston-
st cars: consultation free: phone Capp 2303.
MRS. D. WYETH and Mrs. Kohl, reliable
ladies' specialists for female complaints; in-
stant relief guaranteed; 30 years' experience;
private home before and during confinement.
-410 O'Farrell st. near Taylor; hours 9 to 5.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN, expert specialists:
well known and reliable; 23 years' practice la
S. F.; maternity home; fee low. 90& Market
st., corner Ellis.
HINDOOHERB AND MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home: horns
in confinement. 1126 Market st. S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN. Ills Market-Reliabla la-
dies' specialist; a priv. home before and dur-
lng confinement: best medical _care: low fees.
THE original MRS. DA VIES Is still located at
1228 Market; maternity home provided; office.
hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 6 to 8:30 p. m.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St.. opp.
Union square: all diseases cured by herba.
MILLINERY.
must have sufficient experience and refer-
ences: good wages; state former employment
Box 1341. Call office. \u25a0 - .
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to. learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; tools donated: positions guaranteed -
catalogue free. MOLER BARBER COL- t
LEGE. 635 Clay st. .
COAT, vest and. pants makers wanted.. apply
11 a. m.. Stevenson st entrance. CHARLES
LYONS. London Tailor. 721 Market st.
EARNEST young man willing to work hia
way through business college. Apply Call-
fornla Business College. 305 Larkln st.
WANTED— Two \u25a0 first-class men's clothinc
salesmen at RAPHAEL'S. .
YOUNG man to take out orders and care of
horses, butcher shop. 1193 McAllister st.
A COAT maker for the country. Apply REIS3
BROS.. 24 Sutter St. '
A BOY helper for candy factory. B. J. BAUM
405 Jones St. -
BOY wanted for office; 17 to 18 year3 old; must
live at home. Address S. S., Call office.'
WANTED— Sober man with $75 can make $15-
$18 per^week; no risk. 78 Third st. room 2.
WANTED— First-class leather burner. AddIv '
between 8 and 11 a. m. HALE BROS. i
GOOD operators on cloaks at H. RATNER'S
131 Post St. \ * '
WANTED— Domestic salesman- state age -ex-
perlence and salary expected. Box 1414. Call. "
BRIGHT, -well educated boy. 15. to learn ar-
chltect business. 126 Kearny st. room 44.
YOUNG man; tinshop; learn trade. Apply 7 to
9; age 16 years. 533 Mission st - - '\u25a0 •
WANTED— Drapery and domestic sale^man-^
Apply bet. 8 and 11 a. m.. HALE BROS. . -
YOUNG map about 18. anxious to Ie»rn candy
making. 538 Washington st
COATMAKER .. for country. ApDly RFm=:
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter «t. «t.i5>s
BARBER shop: splendl' position; good busi- '
ness; a bargains 803 Kearny st
1^" 1 "" 1 molders and machinists, at
. • oOo Mission st. VJQJ9S1 .-- "-
M k DC^ N v LD , & PE . RRY h « veM0 Pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st
MILLINERY-Striklng original designs, becorn^
ing effects,, from new or old material. M.
OLIVER. 973 A Geary st.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
enslnes." 2d^hand machinery^ Mc^
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirror*, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand; we always have a large et(»ck of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one flcor. ready made: we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOOSAN, 1017. 1019. "1021. 1ft*
Mission st. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
COOD firewood for sale cheap. Risdon Iro»
Works, cor. Howard and Beale sts.
RETIRING from business— We are selling out
our stock of pictures., frames and moldings
at a reduction of half off; must close out
everything by Nov. 15. JONES & CO. IM
Larkin st. near Ellis.
LOT machine shoo tools, lathes, planers, shap-
ers, ' etc. : also wood- working tools, such ad
band saws, wood planers, shapers, stickers. '
mortisers. saws. etc. J. B. JARDINE. 22»
Fremont st
A NEW system of buying diamonds, watches,
sealskins, trunks, vallsea. etc.. Is being in-
augurated at the Portland Loan Office E>
Stockton st AH you need is a very smalt
deposit
sale-Estate of W A.
. Hartter; a full line of photo supplies, grapho-
\u25a0 phones, records, etc. Room 513. Examiner
building.
A-BUYS. sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
frr eS 'w.^}^T Yw er .- P ,' p , e --' patting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 2a3-25o Spear st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
- bollera bousht.and sold. KROGH MFG/CO..
9-17 Stevenson St.. near First.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hattera. 330 Keamy »t.. near Pine.
CHEAP— 4 hp. gasoline engine, steam pump, t
»" arbor, all jklnds tools. 546 Mission st
LAUNDRY machinery, new and second hand,
for, sale. 62$ and 628 Bryant st.
8 HP. boiler and S hp. automatic engine: com-
plete, perfect H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission sC
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME.~M~BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st. next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how-to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4563.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st, corner. Golden Gate ave. .i rooms 25 and
26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
A-LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT. '"
. HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fali ; permanently
located at 125 Turk st. ; readings by mall.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells paat.
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret: shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25cand up;, satisfaction to everybody: open
Sundays; hours 10 to 8 p.'m. 215^4 Sixth st.
PRINCESS ISHMAEL,- clairvoyant. 1008% Mar-
! ket st. from Alohobar: first appearance; will
read your life without asking questions;
hours 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. : Sunday till 2 p. m.
MME.- PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader born with double veil— second 6lght;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. $1 EO. 126 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant an<\
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
Miss M.Wille.326A Ellis st, greatest of all crys-
tal seers; reads your life correctly: full names
'given; sittings, 50c up; 3 questions by rmall $1.
CARD reading; ladles 10c. gentlemen 25c. 625
Minna st. downstairs.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, curd reader; ladies
25c, gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth Gt.
MRS. DR. VALEEN. clairvoyant, palmist, gives
names: advice all matters. 1583 Market, nr. 12.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st, nr. Uh.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; ladles 25c,
gents 50c. S51 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
MRS. MALLORY. 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
, spirit card reader; consult me.
MRS MELVILL. well knewn clairvoyant, water
j reader. 11 6th; German spoken; tel. Jessie 1563.
I MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 315 O'Farrell to 222 Eddy.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader; palmistry;
truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader:
sittings daily. 44S% Jessie *:.. bet. Sth and Cth.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, corns, Ingrown nails; painless cure.
DR.- DUNCAN. 206 Kearny St.. room 307.
CARPETBEATISGA^DCt^ANISia
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st; tel. South 40.
MODERN Co.: steam cleaning-. 3c: laying;
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301; 923 Mission.
AMERICAN Carpet-beatlne Works— Cleaning.
3c: renovated; relald. 105 14th st. ;te!.Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.,carpet-'Deatingr works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 32t.
CITY Steam Carpet-bcatlnsr Works, G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 Sth st.: tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlnc Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. : tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEOROE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, room
85. 016. Market. Advice fr<">: tel. Red 5211.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE to let of 6 rooms and bath. 1828
Bush Et
WETMORE, 7, off Clay, above Powell— 4 sunny,
rooms, newly papered, painted; yard: $12 50.
$14— LOVELY sunny cottage. 637 Doloies St.,-
below Twentieth; 2 yards; water.
DENTISTS. ~ ~
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS, V 927 Market street.
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry: pure gold -filling $1 50:
artificial teeth, on plate, look -natural and
guaranteed, $5 up; a good metal plate, $15;
gold and porcelain crowns, $5 to $10; teeth
without plate: painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty;' gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up: of-
fice hpurs. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.: Sundays. 9 to
2 p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
• and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method: 20 years'
experience; no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crown* $3 50; fillings.
50c: plates, S", full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
AMALGAM fillings. $1; silver fillings, 50c; gold
or porcelain crowns. $5; set of teeth, $7;
teeth extracted painlessly. New York Den-
ttsts,' 969 Mission st. southeaet corner Sixth.
i AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy st. — Work done
1 on weekly installments; lowest rates.
YOU can save 40 per cent* on dental work by
i going to DR. BROWN. 54 Sixth st. ~
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
1 SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st.
DR.R.L. WALSH. 815% Geary, nr. Larkln— l'aln-
less extraction 50c ; plates $5 up : phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor, Ex-
amlner building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
DETECTIVE AGENCIES. '
PACIFIC Detective " Agency, room 610, Exam-
iner building; telephone John 381; reliable
work and efficient service guaranteed. '
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. -dog soap .by druggists
\u25a0 or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
j Class rates; patterns: cut. 1019 Market st
1 FRENCH accordion and knife p'.eatlng. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt
\u25a0 EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
' NEERING— Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day. and night. U Post st. S. F. ;
catalogue free. \u25a0 • . \u25a0 •
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
$8 per month; $30 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling.- Spanisn. etc. ; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions tecured; cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF- MINES,- 24 POST ST..
S. F.— Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining,
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — The official reporters of the Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50;. catalogue.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and i medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg. ; individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mining, mech: eur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, e\-e. ; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep*
era Is TARR. the expert, 220 Parrott building.
DANCING— Ladies and gentlemen trained to
become teachers; also pupils prepared for the
vaudeville stage at IRVINE'S, 421 Post St.-
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market st. \u25a0
Leo . Cooper's School of Acting, 814 Geary ' st. ;
day and even.. classes: send for new : circular.
ENGLISH, Latin, . Mathematics.. Literature- a
specialty. MISS ROULSTOn. 776 O'Farrell st.
SPANISH, French.etc.Prof.DeFIHppe'sAcademy
of Languages, 320 Post; estab'd 1S71; ablest profs.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th—'
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, $6 mo.'
MARY. P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons! cOc: piano for practice.' 39 Fifth st
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
f pared for the stage. 125 Mason st t"""V m
PROF. L/MERKI, experienced teacher; violin,
' .. mandolin,' guitar; juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
_Dl^IXESSJjCHAJVCJES-^ontinned. _^
$650 INVESTED immediately will secure an
. Interest in new invention fully as valuable
as the telegraph, telephone or electric light,
, and will furnish immediate and- permanent
employment exhibiting same In office eight
hours daily at $2 60 per day cash, and also
a commission of 10 per cent en all sales;
money Is needed to secure foreign patents at
once and this is an unparalleled opportunity;
many fortunes have been made out of In-
ventions not one-hundredth part as valuable
as this which is without doubt the greatest
scientific discovery of the twentieth century;
satisfy yourself by thorough investigation be-
fore investing a penny. Address box 1413,
Call office. '
RESTAURANT. 410 Kearny, for half its value
to-day. \u25a0 \u25a0 \
$76— CIGAR store for sale; must leave for Ore-
• gon to-night. 245 Third st.
FIRST-CLASS saloon with grocery; on account
of death. Inquire at 1397 Folsom st.
DRUGGISTS— Unusual opportunity to buy up-
to-date paying drug business in large lntericr
city; about ?25CO required. Particulars by
addressing box 1633. Call office.
j jijoo— GROCERY: fine town; 20 miles from San
Francisco: best trade, sales $1250 month; rent
$15; fixtures, horse, wagon; will inventory at j
cost. Address 1 week, box 1423, Call office, j
FOR sale— One of the best transient corner sa-
loons in city; established 20 years; with 44
newly furnished rooms; will sell together or
separate; price $6000. Box J.4CS. Call office.
SALOON; first class; nea7~theater; small ex- i
penses; large receipts; good reason for sell- j
ing on account of other business. 325 Taylor.
BUTCHER shop; established 10 years; best
town In State; death cause selling; must sell
this week. Business Board Trade, 326 Pine.
GOLDEN opportunity to establish business;
will sell or rent Owner. 454 34th st. Oakland.
BRANCH bakery, candy and dairy produce on
account of sickness. 1209 Devisadero st
INTEREST in a meritorious invention. See
working model at 3673 Eighteenth st.
HAIR dressing parlors; well locatod; parties
leaving. SALSBURY. 459 Ninth st. Oakland.
SMALL bakery and delicacy store; good loca-
i tion; very cheap. 139 Noe et.
FOR sale— Oyster and chop house; good busi-
ness. 290 Fourth st. 1
$250— RESTAURANT: cost $1000; rent $30: sound
value. D. McRae Furniture Co., 837 Mission.
$40— RESTAURANT and coffee saloon to-day;
secure it Apply fdrniture store. 837 Mission, j
SALOON for sale, opposite the ferry. Apply |
111 East st. north of Market. '
I LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
ALL BARGAINS— CALL FOR LIST.
50 rooms; new; payments $9000
140-room hotel; clears »600 10,0u0
33 rooms; transient; clears $250 2000
8 rooms; on Mission 275 j
9 rooms; fine corner 323 :
24 rooms; the best 3000
> 12 rooms; large yard • 1500
I 40 rooms; bearding .' 4500
17 rooms; fine corner 1350
60 rooms; apartment house 4200
7-room flat on McAllister st 225
1 MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
$ rooms: fine yard 350
10-room house; fine location 425
24 rooms; on Geary st 1900
100 rooms; clears $350; payments to suit... 6000
16 rooms; transient: only $400 cash 750
8 rooms; flat; near City Hall 350
18 rooms; on Sixth Et; clears $80 800
24 rooms; on Market St.; clears $150 1600
10 rooms; on Mason st; new 750
22 rooms: offices; clears $250 3500
£1 rooms; $600 cash, balance payments.... 1250
ABSTRACTS FREE WITH EVERY HOUSE.
FRENCH SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market: tel. Mint 796.
Al TRANSIT HOUSE.
Good corner; money maker for right party;
don't fall to see this bargain; easy payments.
RETSLOFF. 906 Market et
A FEW SAMPLES OF OUR LARGE LIST:
Any of the following on monthly payments:
25 rooms; good location; clears $150 $1200
20 rooms; best in the city; offer wanted.
13 rooms; fine furniture 1050
21 rooms; corner; part cash 1500
28 rooms; piano; clears $60; payments 400
99 rooms; grand corner; clears $600 5950
42 rooms; cost $12,000 to furnish 7000
6 rooms; corner flat; payments... 360
6 rooms; $125 cash, balance payments.. 350
40 rooms; always rented; sacrifice 1250
10 rooms; O'Farrell; $150 cash. bal. pymts. 750
CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU.
18 rooms; respectable; clears $90 1500
110 rooms: modern; hotel; clears $600 10,000
20 rooms; good location; money-maker.... 75u
MONEY LOANED PHONE JOHN 531
A. H. RETSLOFF. 906 Market st, corner
Kills, room- 12. .. _\u25a0
THE DONALD INVESTMENT CO.,
SOO Market st Tel. Davis 281
WE HAVE NEW 45-KOOM HOUSE. WE
FURNISH TO YOUR ORDER. WE WILL
SELL IT TO YOU AT YOUR OWN PRICE-
PART CASH.
36 rooms; good income $2,600
18 rooms; Folsom st 759
17 Tooms good transient location 1,500
15 rooms; Van Ness; good furn.... 1,400
6 rooms; fine furn. ; a nice home 700
8 rooms; a bargain 650
13 rooms; good; new; clean 1,500
16 rooms; fine condition; all rented 1,600 j
19 rooms; modern house; fine furn....... 2,500 j
21 rooms; well furn.; good income i 2,600 i
18 rooms; good location; pays well 1,590 I
6 rooms; good furn. and carpets 500
100 rooms; elev.; furn. and carpets new. .10,000
40 rooms; new furn. and carpets; lease.. 5,00U
AT once— Lady with few hundred dollars to
manage Al rooming-house with boarders.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. -850 Market St.
A. CAMERON & CO..
S50 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22 and 23.' Phone Bush 32S.
See our list of bargains. . .
75 r. ; rent $175; Al loc.: carp., fur.; full. .$5500
3S r. ; rent $100; hotel and bar; 30 board's. 2500
26 r. ; rent $75; Market; well fur.; pays.. 1000
14 r.; rent $60; good furn., inc $105 1000
10 r.; rent $25: cor.: fine flat; pays well.. 475
£ r. : rent $35; water free; good home 300
7 r.; rent $35; Ellis: modern flat 500
5 r. ; rent $35; fine little flat 275
Flats. 3 to 14 rooms. $150 to tlOOO
Private residences. 7 to 28 r.. $250 to $3000.
NEW HOUSES JUST LISTEO—
17 rooms; rent $50; clears $55; only ..$1000
19 rooms; rent $55; lease; part cash 1600
32 rooms; rent $100; elegant place 3150
35 rooms; must sell; make offer 10UO |
41 rooms; rent $87; money-maker 2200
24 rooms; rent $65; part cash \u25a0 10CO
27 rooms; business corner; cheap rent..... 1S0O
28 rooms; rent $50; clears $100 sou
40 rooms; cheap rent; north of Market.... 3800
120 rooms: rent $110: profits $1600 yearly... 3500
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market st.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market st. rms. 1, J.
Tel. Black l-S-O-3: office near Call bldg.
He has 4 salesmen. Business Is booming.
! He has 3 ladles canvassing for lodglng-housea.
Get his free list of 541 lodging-houses.
! He has money to loan; payable monthly or
yearly. Itemized Inventory with every house.
A CLEAR TITLE OR NO SALE.
Several good city and country hotels.
Houses, prices and terms to suit all buyers.
HEALY.& hendersonJ i
6 Eddy st. IS and U; Phone James 2771
9 rooms;. rent $25 $330
18 rooms; downtown; rent $55... 1,200 |
23 rooms: close In; see this: rent $65 1,000
11 rooms; Turk st: rent $40 COO
130 rooms: electric lights 15,000
7-room flat; McAllister st 200
9- room flat: new; rent $45 ." , 750
10 rooms; G. G.; new ttM
28 rooms: downtown; elegant 2,b00
A— 10 ROOMsTeHIb st: rent $32 50; only.. .$300
16 rooms; good furniture; carpets; only.... 725
. 16 rooms; Leaven worth: good carpets; fur. 700
12 rooms; Market St.; rent $40; good house 550
Many more bargains; get. our list first.
?>.!• MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market st.
FOR sale at great bargain, price $1400, 37-roorn
house on Market Ft.; rent $50; must be sold
at once. McBRIDE & .CO.. 993 Market st.
FOR Sale— At a great sacrifice a lOO^roomed
house paying $150 per month; rent $65: price
$1500. 993 Market tt. McBRIDE & CO.
THE largest and best list of . lodging-houses,
hotels and business chances can be found at
| the office of FISHER & CO., 935 Market «t.;
phone Folsom 15S2. - .
BUYERS — Before buying a house go to
G. W. SCHWEINHARD, . \u25a0
Phone Mint 1911. 917 Market St., opp. Mason.
He can suit you In houses and prices.
$600— K-ROOM : house, a bargain; half cash, .
balance to suit purchaser. McBRIDE I & CO..
933 Market st. - .
A— NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all sizes
and prices, in all parts; of the city; get our
list first MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market st.
A— LODGING-HOUSE wanted; 50 rooms; no ob-
jection to transient; no agents. Box 1384, Call.
$7C0— BAY-WINDOW house: 18 rooms: 3 baths:
rent $44: modern: always full. Box 1427. Call.
SPIRITUALISM.
A-^RS^R71^rWiiAlH,~Splrit^^^
and life reader; mining a specialty: cir. Sun.,
Wed. and Friday evenings. 1035- Market et.
C. V. Miller, world's famous materializing me-
dium; spirits speak face to face; seance Tun.,
Fr.. Su.. 8 p. m.. 50c. 1084 Bush; p. Laiklri 2275.
MRS. J. J.. WHITNEY, trance, . bus. - medium:
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings. $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st; Ellis car.
BROCKWAY'S psychic seance. Sunday. Tues- .
day, Thursday. 8:15 p. m.; 25c: readings daily.
2i»9 Hyde, cor. Eddy; phone Hyde 2564.
A— PROF. GEE.' 108 Sixth Bt— Satisfactory
readings. 60c and $1; circle every night. 10c.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister-Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally: test to all to-night.. 10c.
HARMACHEIS read this week only i 50c: con-
vincing test cir. every eve., 10c. 332 O'Farrell.
MRS. LESTER. : circle 8 p. m.. 10c; readings*
50c and tl. 148 Sixth.' r. 12; tel. Howard 1129.Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.) ':
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 27, 1901-5 p. m.,
I - The following .are the : seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season, and rainfall In the last twenty
four hours: -.' LMtM iut
Station-' ' . I' Hours. Season. Season.
\u25a0p^u-eka, :...'...T 0.84 .5.19 5.68
SSuff — 116 3.30 3.05
Sacramento" 1-0O 1.70 1.03
l a^n F o ran^°.:::::= !:»\u25a0 gffi iiSi\
Independence'. 0-16 . \M 0.84
San Luis Obispo......... 0.88 .2.64 1.93
Los Angeles 0.14 2.00 0.26 .
San Diego ....- 0.18 0.30 0.30
San Francisco data: Maximum. temperature,
61; minimum. 56; mean, 53. ' \u25a0':.' ... ;\u25a0
THE COAST RECORD.-- '
.station.,: \u25a0,:|.;flf:i-f|:.;|t: I
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.•.\u25a0 '-.:..: ._'.:\u25a0\u25a0 i i- \ . a
Astoria.,.*...... :...29.6S 58 52 S ' ' Rain . .18
Baker... 29.78 -58 48 NE -Cloudy .28
Carson... 29.98 54 42 "\V • Cloudy T.
Eureka.. .....;. 29. 98- 58 64 ; SW- -Cloudy .0
Fresno .......30.00 70 68 NW PtCldy .08
Flagstaff............ 29.98. 54 38 SW CToudy .0
Pocatello, Idaho.. .29. 76 58 50' SE.\ Cloudy T.
Independence 29.84 62 46 N Clear .12
Los Angeles 29.98 68 .60 SW Pt Cldy .02
Phoenix 29.86 80 56 W Clear .0
Portland. ..,.«. .....29.74 60 54 S Cloudy- .04
Red Bluff .....29.92 68 54 E' Cloudy .10
Roseburg ....29.84 "60 54 - S • ' Rain • '.02
Sacramento 30.00 68 68 S ; Cloudy." .0
Salt Lake 29.82 56 50. SE : Cloudy . .06
San Francisco.. .,..30.08 60 56 W Cloudy .0
San Luis Obispo.. .30.C8 62 58 W Clear .08
SanDiego.... 30.00 68 60 NW Clear .02
Seattle :.... ...29.68 60 46 SE . Cloudy .04^
Spokane.... ..:... ..29.68 ' 60 48 SW Cloudy .04
NeahBay..' 29.58 .54 50 NE Rain .12
Walla Walla ..29.74 62 52 SE • Pt Cldy .22
Winnemucca 29.84 50 42 SW Cloudy .22
Yuma 29.86 80 64 W • Clear .0
I j Temperature^-? a. m. , 56 degrees. - .
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
•;•.;-;.. \u25a0 FORECAST. . ;
The .storm on the Pacific.- Coast has. moved
steadily northward and is now over Western
Washington and -Vancouver Island. The pres
sure is now"29.60 inches or below over North
western Washington. Rain j has fallen over
nearly all the country west of the Rocky Moun
tains. High southerly winds are reported' in
Nevada and northbound travelers . may expect
much cooler weather ' and heavy rains', with
snow In the mountains. . - " •
The temperature has fallen below the normal
generally throughout California. Over'Wash
ington and Oregon there has been a fall of from
10 to 20 degrees In temperature.
Conditions are still unfavorable for settled
fair weather north of the Tehachapi.
-Forecast made, at San' Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, October 28," .1901: - ,r
Northern California— Cloudy, unsettled weath
er Monday, with occasional showers; fresh
southeasterly winds. ' -•-\u25a0:•- • • • \u25a0> .
Southern Calif ornla— Cloudy, unsettled : weath
er Monday; fresh southerly winds
Nevada— Rain . Monday, . with snow in tha
mountains; with high southerly winds.
, San Francisco -and vicinity— Cloudy, unsettled
weather Monday, with occasional showers \u25a0
fresh southerly winds changing to westerly
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0>: - ALEXANDER G.McADIE,
. :; , • :.;-. Forecast Official. '
* \u25a0 The fuller an orator' ls~of his subject the'
longer It takes him to emDty> himself. • ,
CINCINNATI, Oct. 27.-The. registration
of voters In Ohio for .the election. one
week ..from next Tuesday.' closed last
night. The total registration of Cincinnati
was 76,602, : the ; largest , ever ' recorded ex
cept for. : the ; Presidential election last
year,' when it reached' 82,322. ' The regis
tration of Cincinnati: two years ago was
74,106 and • at that ; time <the conditions
were the same as now, r the election then
being : for State officers and members • of
the Legislature-- as at present. -Two years
ago John R. - McLean' of Cincinnati was
the opponent. of Governor Nash,: and -It
Is a surprise i to all that the : registration
this year exceeded that of 1S99. ,
Heavy Registration in Ohio.
THE SAN FRANCISCO- -CALL,^ONDAY, OCTOBER '28; 1901.
9
OAKLAND
, OAKLAND REAL .ESTATE.
FJNK modern residence, 14 large rooms; 3 bath-
rooms, servant*', bAeement; hot water, fur-
iime; stable for 4 horgev; half a block of mag-
ntneent . Harden s Brand view: ideal ptaee for
children or invalid; \u25a0 40" minute* from 8. V.',
40 from Berkeley; no retuanable. offer retimed;
i nold on, account) of change of re»ldeno«i , Ap-
ply pr«mli0i. soiithPiiBt corner Blxth ave. and
Twentieth it.. Kant Oakland. .
AN introduction to you from Ii, Behellh&M, the
i furniture d«aUr. nth and Franklin. Oakland.
. IIOOM8 l'OH 1 1 PL tug K 13 IS I' I N O .'
A^NOTIUNO like It: iilujtHunt mimty^miHo
with kiTclirn, alt. complete for houiekeeplng,
: l'.'o: nther rooms reaionable. > Bt. James, Ma-
Allliter and Laguna tti. . . . .. \u25a0\u25a0
1JUENA V18TA ave., 449, .evcrlookliiK Golden
, data Turk and o?ean, near MasotiTo ave-5
rootnii, parlor floor> also 3 other rooms; prl*
Vfltd hou«e; furnished or unfurnjghed; gtablo.
CALIFORNIA, ,1627— Sunny furnished , house-
keeping rooms to let;. gag and bath.
CENTRAL ave., 722, near McAllister— Three
furnished housekeeping, rooms;' sunny, and
cheap; no. children.
EIGHTH, 112— 5 large bay-window rooms;
sunny; for housekeeping; unfurnished.
FIFTH, 353— Furniehed housekeeping; two, $12;
three. $15; three. $16; also single. $4. $5 and up.
GOUGH, 115— Handsome sunny bay-window
'room; gas stove; running water; bath; phone;
complete; $14. ' j . . •v.y >
HOWARD, 1063—2 sunny connecting completely
furn. ; rms. :. running water, range, etc. ; J10.
HOWARD, 1063—2 sunny front completely furn.
\u25a0bay-window rms.; elec. lights; range; others.
HYDE. ,408— Sunny hskpg suite,' $17; basement
, rear suite, yard, laundry, $1?; permanent only.
HYDE, 514— A suite of newly furnished house-
keeping rooms; every convenience.
LANGTON. 236%— 3 sunny, nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping; private family.
OAK. Ill— Two large sunny rooms and kitchen
• connecting; gas; bath; gas stove; rent mod-
;erate.-; " ••\u25a0.." ' .• ' " . .- ' \u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0 • / . \u25a0 ;
O'FARRELL 317 (November 1)— Sunny rooms;
gas stove; bath; $15; single room. $10. \u25a0 \u25a0
O'FARRELL, 917—3 connecting unfurnished
housekeeping rooms; use of laundry and yard.
PAGE, 1138—2 unfurnished housekeeping rooms;
bath, closets, pantry, etc.; yard. ••-.--.- '. •
POLK, ,1002—3 and 5- room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; cheap; reference.
SUTTER. 995,' corner Hyde— 2- front rooms fur-
nlshed for housekeeping. \u25a0 \u25a0- -' \u25a0: .;\u25a0--_
THE St. James, cor. Laguna and McAllister
| sts.— Large, well-furnished i single room, $8;
, handsomely furnished suite for light; house-
keeping, $15; • handsomely . furnished • corner
suite for light housekeeping, extra kitchen in-
cluded; select home for families; near park.
VALENCIA, 128— Furnished rooms with kitchen;
private family; adults. ; : :
WASHINGTON. 1220— Two : or . three sunny
brooms; gas range.': 1 : \u25a0 .
A BRANCH orflce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has ' been established, at 1093
Valencia st. ..
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfnrn:
ARGYLE Hotel, ~234 McAlii«ter— New, elegantV
sunny; grill attached; country visitors find no
place like the Argyle; take McAlllster-st. cars.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
. 25c to $1 per night: $1 25. to. $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. .
AT Shasta House, 246 Third— 200 rooms; newly
. renovated; ,2pc to 75c, $1 to $3 week. .
A SUNNY suite, and . singles, neat and clean,
bath, , phone. Prices, low. 332 Stockton..
BURNETT. 1426 Market* (old No.- 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished,
CLIFFORD. 234 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished . sunny rooms; prices reasonable.'
EUGENE. 265 O'Farrell— New House, fireproof,
new furniture; electric elevator; 25 private
- suites with bath;'batha free; first-class.
"FOURTH, 225— Nice sunny front rooms from
$1 60 week up.
FRANCISCO HOTEL— Elegant suites; Bingle;
transient; baths. Mrs. King,- Turk & Taylor.
GEARY, 405. The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY. 1017— To let. a sunny furnished room
suitable for a gentleman,- in a private-family.
GEARY, 1137— Modern dulte and sunny room«;
-newly furnished. \u25a0 ,• .•\u25a0\u25a0. .<
GOUGH. 1613 — Nicely furnished \u25a0 sunny ' rooms
with hot and cold water; gas; bath.
HAIGHT, 632— Large, sunny, Well ' furnished
• room;, modern;, running water; gas;. bath.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
et., near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly flrst-class;
50c per day and upward;. special rates. by the
-week or month; best in the city; references;
take Market-st. lable cars to Turk . st. \u25a0
HOWARD, 761%— Nicely furnished sunny bay-
, window and other rooms; reasonable.
HOWARD, 1072—3 rooms in the rear house, $8.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room;.$l per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market st.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day,' week, mo.
POWELL, 239 (Edinburgh)— Sunny rms; single,
suites; on Union Square; reasonable:. Tel.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
roarllng-room, smoking-room and ladies' . par-
lor* rooms,' per night. 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$8; month, $8 to $20; elevator on -ground floor;
rooHs with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment . House. 28 Eighth ' St.,
1 near Market — Furnished \u25a0 or unfurnished.
SIXTEENTH, 2926. 'near' Capp— Two or. three
sunny unfurnished .rooms;, gas, bath; rent
$9 or $12. .-\u25a0.\u25a0.'\u25a0 '\u25a0
SUTTER. S20>4 (The Stanford)— Suites from $3
to $7; singles $2 to $5 per week; transient.
TAYLOR, 810— Sunny room for gentleman; $10..
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements . and
subscriptions has been established . at ". 1096
Valencia. st. . \u25a0••-'"\u25a0 1
ROOMS iAND BOARD. V
HARRISON. 570— Rincon Hill for genteel peo-'
pie; $3 50, $4, '$5; housekeeping rooms atmod-
\u25a0 erate prices; room only $4 month to $12;. write
or call for particulara. .-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.•,•
THE CECILERNE," 930 Van Ness ave. .
THE CORBIN, 836 Sutter st.— Rooms single and
J en suite; private, baths; all rooms sunny; ex-.
. cellent table.. \u25a0 - - ' . \u25a0 . . >..
HOTEL Repelier, 781 Sutter— Newiy furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.'
O'FARRELL.- 605 (Johnson House)— Exception-
ally fur. suites ; beautiful grnds; table board.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Sttvenson mansion)— Select
.family hotel; exceptional table; attractive rms..
HOTEL Las Palmas. 1820 Market— Suite 2 or 3
rooms, bath; board optional: single, rooms. .
ROOMS WANTED.
TWO refined ladies wish 1 or 2 nicely furn.
.rooms; light-housekeeping or use of kitchen;
Bmall private family; near Market and Ma-
son; rent not exceeding $10. Box 1355, Call.
WANTED— 3 unfurnished housekeeping rooms,
•bet. Hyde and Gough, Turk and Sutter; sun-
ny side.* Address E., 615 Larkln St. . '
MAN wishes unfurnished room, $3 to $4 month,
in small family. Box 1424. Call office. :\u25a0
SPECIAL - NOTICES. .
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. ' PACIFIC ; COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st.. rooms. 9-10; tel>>$g80. .
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, . sent to any . address In , the
United States or Canada one year for $L
DISEASES and ailments of men treated: con-
sultation free. American dispensary. S14 Pine.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. "TChas. Plambeek.1915 Mission,, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; rt^
pairing; lowest , rates. Tel. Black .1124, 2QS.4th.
ALL kinds bought, 'sold,* rented, exchanged; re-
pairing slowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.*
VJ^STOR : AGE^ANDJWAREHOIJSES. •
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving .Co..
. office Post and \u25a0 Powell sta. ; \u25a0 tel. , Main 9gl3. -/
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 ' MI«-
slon St.: tel. Howard. 94L F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and -.Furniture Moving Com-
. pany.2320 Fillmore.st^; phone Jackson 28L.-,;- 1
BEKINS Van. and Storage Co.", 722 Mission* St.;
\u25a0tel. Main 1840: shipping at cut rates. \*v ..
• TYPEWRITERS AND / SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS | IN T^pIeWRITE^S^W*
."sell. better machines for less money than anai
house in the city; rentals, $3. .The Typewriter
v Exchange, '• 536 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER .Typewriter InsDection. Co.— Expert
tl'BWrlter doctors:estimate free. 209 Sansome.
Mary, Joseph, John -and- Harriet Magulre, a
native of Newbunr, N. Y.
ICTFrlenda are 'respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Tuesday), at 8:30
o'clock. -from her late residence, 520 Seventh
avenue, Richmond Piatrict, thence to Star of
.tho Sea Church, where a pojemn requiem
high" mass will ba celebrated for the repose
of Tier soul, commencing at 9 o'clock, Inter-
ment Holy Croas Cemetery,
MAnTRL— In thin city, October 23. 1901. Jame»
L, Martel, beloved husband of Jane Martol.
father of Alfred, Louia nnd Adele . Martol,
Mm, J, M, Mniten nnd Mr*. CharleH J. Bto<
veil, a native of New OrleanR, aged 78 year*.
(New Orleans nnpers pleana eopy.)
I^PrlemiH and annual nt8nee« are renp«oN
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'cloek, from M* mt* reMi-
tiriico, (t\3 iiuehnnan itreet. lnt*rm«nt Iau«
•\u25a0"I Hill Cemetery, private. Please emit
floweri. \u25a0 ' . - \u25a0- .
MKAD-ln AntlKua, OuatemAlA, June If, 1901,
Hnv. Updi-bb h, Mead, rector of Trinity
Ni'h'inl In this elty,
iervlew will be held ta-day
(Monday), at Ht. BtADhen'i Church, Kultoit
street, near Fltlmore, at 11 o'clock. •
MlLLB-ln this city, October • »7, . 1901,- ,Mr«.
Mary Mllla, a native of Ireland, Aged It
years. . . \u25a0 i .; ;
tp'FHende and aequalntanees are reipect*
' fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:46 o'clock, from the parlor*
Of Halsted ft Co., 918 Mission street, thence
to Sacred Heart Church, corner Fell and
.Flllmore streets, where a requiem mass will
' be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
rnenclnu at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by- carriage. \u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0: \u25a0 ':
MOYNIHAN-In this c!ty, October XI, 1901, at
her residence, 1113A Eroadwav, Margaret, .be-
' loved wife of John . Moynlhan, mother of
Maria Moynlhan, and sister of Florence.
< Daniel. Michael and Klla Driacoll and Mrs.
P. McCarthy, a native of County Cork, Ire-
land, aged 29 years and . 10 months. ..
ICNotlce of funeral hereafter.
PETERSON— In this city, October 25, 190V of
. diphtheria, Aimee, dearly beloved and only
. daughter of Louis K. and Lizzie Peterson,
devoted sister of Frankle Peterson, and only
granddaughter of Mr. and Mrs. Carty, a na-
1 tive of San Francisco, aged 7 years 6 months
and 14 days.-- • ' \u25a0
IC^The funeral took \u25a0 place Saturday, at 1
o'clock, from the residence of her parents. 5
Glover street. ' " . ,'
PYNE— In this city,- October 25, 1901. at St.
Joseph's Home, Arthur Pyne, beloved brother
of P. "W. and E. Pyne, Mrs. T. J. Barrett
and Mrs. G.-R. Schmierer, a native. of Ire-
land. - \u25a0\u25a0•..'
ICTFrlends are Invited to attend the funeral
from Star of. the Sea Church, Eighth and
Point Lobos avenues, to-day (Monday), at
10 o'clock, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul.
Interment Holy Cross j Cemetery- Remains
' at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767
Mission street. . • i ... \u25a0
REDMOND— An anniversary solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of the soul of the late Charles H. Redmond
at St. Joseph's. Church .'to-morrow (Tuesday),
at 9 o'clock. Friends of the family are re-
spectfully Invited to attend. . ; ;-;.
ROBERTSON— In thl3 city, . October . 27. 190L
David, beloved husband of Sarah F. Robert-
eon, father of David. Kittle. ."William. Sadie.
Lillle and Joseph Robertson, and son-in-law
\u25a0 of Mr', and Mrs. William Higgins. a native
\u25a0 of Scotland, aged SS years and 21 days.
ROSENBERG^In this city, Obtober 26, 1901,
Emilie. beloved wife of the late. Morltz
Rosenberg, and motl»er of Louis and Harry
Rosenberg and Mrs. David Gross "of Seattle.
, a native of Austria. .
(ETFriends and acquaintances and sisters
of Eva Mutual • Benefit Society are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednesday.
-October' 30, - at \u25a0• 10:45 o'clock* from Bnal
B'rith Hall, 121 Eddy, street. Cremation Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by electric car. from
Eighteenth and . Guerrero streets. Remains
'at the parlors of Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission
. street. • \u25a0 • • • . .
SUGDEN— In Oakland. October 28. 1901. Fred,
husband ' of ! Emma Sudden, and father . of
Fred F. and Daphne Sugden, "a native or
England, aged 70 years.
SULLIVAN— In this city. October 26. 1901.
Kate, dearly beloved mother of Frankie.
Mollie. and Clara Sullivan and Mrs. . J. F.
Dayton, a native of Wales. a*ed 50, years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
, fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 625 Natoma street, thence, to St. Jo-
- seph's- Church,', where a requiem high mass .
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross. Ceme-
1 tery. ' :»\u25a0'•'•' -
TERRILL— In this city, October 27, 1901. Map-,
beloved mother of George Terrill. a native
of St. Louis, Mo., aged 47 years.
THOMPSON— In this city, October IS; \u25a0 1901,
Christina Thompson, beloved steomother of
Mrs. Mattie Branhofer. and grandmother of
Alex' Etta, Walter and Mattie Branhofer. a
native of Sweden, aged 63 years 6 months
and 27 days. - \u25a0 ' \u25a0 - \u25a0 . \u25a0 - \u25a0 •
(Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 3271 Mission street. '» near Twenty-
ninth, thence to St. Paul's Church. Twenty-
ninth and Church streets, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the^repoae.
j of her soul, commencing at 9 o clock. - Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemeterv. . .. .»-
TYRRELL— In the City and County Hospital.
October 27. 1901. Annie Tyrrell, a native of
Missouri, aeed 45 years. .
"VOIGT— In this city. October 27, 1901. Rudolph
E. Vcisrt, a native of Dusseldorf, Germany,
"aged 61 years. ' '
WILLIAMSON— In this city, October 26, 1901.
Maude Gertrude Williamson, beloved daughter
' of John and- the late Mary Williamson, a
native of San Francisco, aged 10 years.
It? 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 119 Prospect avenue. -thence to St.
Paul's' Church, Twenty-ninth ' and Church
streets, .for services at 1 o'clock. Interment
J Holy Cross Cemetery.
AUCTION SALES
SALE.fca
At Areada Horta Market, 127 Blxth it., Wadnes.
day, October 10. at U a. m., I will nail 30 h«a4
of young home* luit from th« country,.
JOHN J, DOYLB, HventocK Auot(ona«r.
A CARLOAD CONSIGNMENT £a
A carload consignment from TUB Wir.MANM
CO.. Ntwman, of 4 and B y«ar «M nilto* «n4
freliUnffii mr«4 by Itertnetor t»n4 KlehftMs Rlei-
tor. til broken, *lnsl4 and doubl*. fUSt) 11,
eilABB » CO.. 1783 M*rk«t »L
&>3e Head GUNTI.0 BOBSESJia
to h» taeriflwd to mako room for our annual
thoroughbred snUg; hor««* now «tt yard. OoeU
dtntftl Horn Exchange. 711 Howard tt. \u25a0 -
HOTEL ARRIVALS,
; GRAND HOTEL.
T II gplvajce, £ureka E J Roberta* Lompoo
.O D Worswlck, 8 Jose O Oorhnm, gacto
O P McNoble. Stockton W A Dunn. N Y
C V Ramsden, England C T Lindner, Jackson*
J O Hlnkte. St Paul T P Snelaon A w, Cal
F Hanley, Ferndale J L, Wallace. Cripple Cr
E O Moller. Los Ang T Wills. Kans (1
Mrs J S Noble. Cal C J Spahn k ty. Cal
J N Gillette, Eureka Mrs MA Halght. Col
Susie P Hutchlnson. M C Osborn. 8 Rosa
Eureka . J B Treadwell, Sacto'
O O Gillette. Eurkea J F Byrnes. Chicago
H Hlrselberg, Portland Dr B B Cory, Fresno
J "W Hunter & w, Va H A Dodge, Los Anj
Mis* Hunter, Va JR Norris & w. Or .
Miss K D- Hunter, Va • L S Wood. Denver '
Dr J W. Hunter. Va S C McCumming9,D«nT
J A Hays. Harbor Spgs J C Mogk & w. Colusa
P- E Holt. Stockton H M McCartney, Salt
F W Dewart & w. Lake
Spokane \u25a0
• . PALACE HOTEL.
B W Runyon, Red Biff Mrs R Schmidt. L An*
Mr Miller, & w. Cal Mrs C Meadows, Dwsn
H F Charters. Halifax Mrs R J McKarnl3h.
F W Lohr, N T Santa Cm
E W.Blodes, Chicago F Leonard. Nevada
B T Van Noetrand. NT W S Williams. Minn
Mrs L Van Noatrand. S D Rosenbaum. Stkta
New York L Dargln, NY-
Mrs J B McCune, N Y A Kaiser, Stockton
R W Douglas & .w. St H J Louis. NY
Joseph. Mo . •. G S Robbina & w. K Y
C Emrnel. Boston W H Fisk. Chloago
Max Hirsch. N Y LiLowenfela. N T
W G Kerckhoff. w & H Eppinger Jr, \u25a0 Paso
c, Los Angeles Roblea v
: NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
B G Ijama & w. 111 G A W^hlteside. Oakld
E E^Hartwell & -w. IU E P Willey. Iowa, r- *
J B Crane. Sta Paula J A Willey & w, Iowa
6 J Kinyen. Chicago Miss E Wllley. Iowa
J D Pullian." San Ant J H Mayworld.. Seattle
C Maccubbln. U S A J-McCory & w, Portld
H W Colie, Newark F Bachasson.. R Vlata
D G McLennan. Dawsn E Baker. Kansas City
C.Esser Jr. Prescott W W Thompson, La
A Hauser. Petaluma J M Blaney. El. Paso
. ' • : OCILAJX.TBAVEIfc --.';-;/
\u25a0| Pacific Coast Steamship Ca
' k"/ . , , • Steamers . : leave Broadway
|9fc_^ Wharf, San Frajidsco:
I»E?Sfe,., For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m.,
|ii§iP5w Oct. 3 - 8 > 13 > 1S - n - NoT - i
Kr^WtSa Change to company's steamers
fiiii§?i9»"*!vl F °r Victoria. Vancouver (B.
Port Townsend. Seattle,
**" Tacoma. Everett and ;
(Wash,)^-ll;a; m..
Oct. 8. 8. 13, 13. 23. 28, Nov. 2. Change at
Seattle for this company's steamers for Alaska
and G ' N. Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma tor , N.
P. Ry-: at 'Vancouver to C. P. Ry. • •
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:31/ p. m.. Oct.
4 9, 14, 19,- 24, 29. Nov. 3; ' ' „ ' _
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles andRedondo (Los -An-
eeles)— Steamer Santa Rosa.. Sundays. 9 a." m.
Steamer State of Cal.. Wednesdays, a a. m. ...
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz Mon-
terey San Simeon, Cayucos. Fort Harford (San
Luis Obispo), Gaviota. Santa Barbara, Ven-
tura. Hueneme, East San Pedro/ San "Pedro
and r Newport— Steamer Corona, .; Saturday*,
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. • San Jose del
Cabo MazaUan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.}— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further lnfonntlon obtain the company 3
folders • '"-' ' ' ' \u25a0
- The company, reserves th« right to change
steamers, salliftg days and hours of sailing,
without previous imtlee.
TICKET OFFICE — * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). *•
GOODALL. PERKINS- & CO.. Gen. Agenta. •
10 Market St.. San Francisco-.
O.R.&N.CO,
Only Steamship Xilne *e»
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all
* points, alt rail or steamship and rail, at
LOWEST HA.TES. t '
8TEAMEB TICKETS I5CLUDS BIRTH and KEAL3.
SS: COLUMBIA Sails.. ...Nov. 4, 14, 24, Dec. 4
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
Sails Oct.' 30. Nov. 9. 19. 29
Steamer sails from' foot of Suearst.. 11 a. m.
r>.W.HITCHCOCK,G«n-Agt.,l MontgTii'y. S. >F.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA;
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF r COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.
for TOKOHAMA and HONGKONO, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai , and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers . for
India, etc. .No cargo received on board on
day of salllmr. • -.., .
6S HONGKONG MARU .......'. -
.: Saturday; November IS, 1301
SS. NIPPON MARU..... ....'....;
......Wednesday, December 11. 1901
SS. AMERICA. MARU
• ....Saturday. . January '4, 1903
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
.:;,.;.-- ." .W. H. AVERT. General Aeent-
AMERICAN LINE; "
nT TORS. 80UTHAMPT0ST. L0ND05. PASI3.
- _ -^Stopping. at- Cherbourg; westbound. «..-'•'
•From New York "Wednesdays at' 10 a."-' in.
Friesland N6y. 6 Haverford ...:.. Nov. 17
Philadelphia ...Nov. 13 Philadelphia ....Dec. 4
St. Paul Nov. 20 St. Paul Dec 11
\u25a0 •". BED STAR LINE". . V
N«w York and Antwerp,
From New Tork \u25a0 "Wednesdays . at 13 noon.
Friesland .......Nov.'. 6[Haverford ......Nov."27
Southwark ......Nov. 13 *ZeeIand .'.Dec 4
•Vaderland Nov. 20j Friesland .......Dec 11
. 'Stepping at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..;.;
• ' CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific' Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION. CO.
And Cia Sud Americana da Vapores
To Valparaiso;' stopping , at Mexican. Central
and South American ports.- Sailing from How-
ard 3. Pier 10. 12 m.
LOA ...Oct. MlPAT/ftNA ......;Not; 23 \u25a0
PERU Nov. 9ICOLOMBIA ....Dec. t
These steamers are built -expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger' service.
l.Nb changes at Acapulco cr Panama,) Freight
and passenger office, 31S California street. -.-
BALFOUR. • GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agenta.
A/>Aanfl> <t £ |»A «WW*IV MS0A, MEW
S; S." ALAMEDA; for Honolulu.... .:.'..'
...:.'... ;.-.,. Saturday, Nov. 2,' 2 p. m.
S. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa; Auck-
land and Sydney... Thursday. Nov 14. 10 a. m.
5. 3. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
J. D.'^CttLVi'BRfl3.'co!,"Binffai fi«t^327Ia!w tt
(sq'1 Pasanyir Olfitt, 643 Market St., Par Xa. 7. Pacific St
PANAMA R.R.^^r
TO NEW .YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
•: Cabin. $105; Steerage, $49; ileala Free.
6. S. Leelanaw sails Thursday, Oct. 31
S. S. Argyll •: • f m sails Saturday, . Dec. 7
S. S. Leelanaw sails - -
From Howard-street wharf (Pier 10) at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
F.. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent. .
C0MPAGNI3 -i 6EXEHALB . TBASSATLASTIQCS
DIRECT LINE TO 'HAVRE-PARIS, i r^^^
Sailing every- Thursday instead of'-^Wff*
Saturday, at 19 a. m-, from pier 42, \u25a0^MsoB»
North "River, loot of Morton \u25a0 street.
- First class ..to Havre. J70 and -upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 33 Broadway (Hudson building). -New
York. • J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents.' 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY - AND EiyEB. STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD. AND VALLEJO
Steamer^. GEN. FRISBIB or MONTICELLO
•9:43 a..m-, 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. J Sunday. 9:<X a. m.. 8:30 p. m. .Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. • p.' m., except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m., 4:15 p.^m. Fare 50
cents. Telephone - Main - \u25a0 1303. - Landin % . ; and '
offlce, pier 2, Mlssion-st. 'dock. HATCH
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— flEATH^ ,
Birth, marriage* and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and bo
Indorsed with tho name, and residence of per*
sons authorized to have the name published, ',
BORN. A
IJISNCIvTCL— In this city, Oetaber-lfl, 1001, to
the wife of ICIrmr llenckel, a »an,
HOLMrcS-In.' this elty, Oetober S3, \u25a0 1901,' to
the wife of Qeorge C. Holmee, a daughter.
MALONJ5— In thf« 'City, 1 October 80, 1M1, to
Hi-' wife of Joseph 1*. Malene, a daughter. .
WAlTL-in' this elty, Oetober S3, IW1, : to tho
wife of Fred Wahl, ft nan. . \u25a0
MARBIED. • '
DAVIDBON-TITUi— In this elty, Oetober 11,
• mi, at thrllowtird'itr@et M. id. Church, by
the Itnv. (innrtrt W. ll.jittty. Hllat J. David*
ton of Ottliimiil, Cal., and Margaret Viola
Tltui of KmUvhlp. Cal. '
PIIOU813— SPANOENUBRO— In thin city.- Ooi
tober 27, 1801. by the ll@v. George W. IJeatty,
M. Maximo i'roueo and Mollie victoria 8pati<
gsnberg, both of. Ban Francisco.
, BKlNNER-FREEMAN-ln I thla city, ,Octo\er
24, 1901, by the Rev. Qeotga W. Beatty, An*
drew Francis Ht. D. Hklnncr ami Lucy E.
Bhelton Freeman, both of Ban Francisco.
DIED. ~~
Baker, Alice C. Masulre, Kath«rin*'<
Bauer, Mrs. Katie - Martel, James .
Cameron,- Archibald Mead, Rev. Geo. 8.
Castro, Julia B. Mills, Mrs. Mary
Dearing, Qulntllla Moynlhan, Margaret
' Declare, Mary Peterson, Aimee -
Dietzler, Anna M. Pyne, Arthur
Dorgan*, William Robertson, David .
Hale, Edsar T. •. Rosenberg:, Emllle
Hanson, Ellen / Sudden, Fred • \u25a0
Hawley, Samuel Sullivan, Kate
• Hurley, Daniel Terrill, Mary
Johnson, Emily * Thompson. Christina
Kropp, Henry W. Tyrrell. Annie -• .
Langhans. Margaret Redmond, Charles H.
Lyons, Timothy Voigt, Rudolph E.
McKenna. Elizabeth Williamson. Maude \
BAKER— In Corte Madera, October* 27. 1*01,
Alice Charlotta, daughter of Charles H. and
Dorothea Baker,; aged 14 days. -
BAUER-In San Jose,. October 26, 1901, Mrs'.
"Katie Bauer, wife of L.. Bauer, aged 46 yeara
~"2 months and 11 days, - \u25a0: \u25a0 .
(ETFuneral - to-day (Monday), at 2 o'clock,
from the family residence, 203 Delmas ave-
nue, San Jose. , ;
CAMERON-In - this city, October • 27, 1901.
Archibald B. Cameren. beloved husband of
Kate Cameron, and father of Hush, Archie.
Donald, Jesse and A 11 een Cameron, a native
of . Cape Breton, Nova Scotia, aged 63 years
and 10" months. Member of Valley Lodge,
'A. 0. U.j W. . (Nova Scctia papers please
copy.) •_ - - , . - . " /.\u25a0 \u25a0_ \u25a0• -- \u25a0•-,-.
• ieJt" Friends . and acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 117 Erie street, thence to -St. Charles
Borromeo's , Church, Eighteenth '. and Shot-
well ctreets. where, services will be held at
9 o'clock. . Interment Holy. Cross Cemetery.
CASTRO— In this city. October 27, 1901," Julia
B. Castro, widow of the late Victor Castro,
and beloved* mother of Mrs. P. G. Galpln
and ' Mrs. j Linnie - Sargent \u25a0 of | Kobe, t Japan, &
native, of New York, aged 63 years.
Cyinterment at Cerrito. * . - - -
DEARING— In this city. October, 27, 1901, Quln-
tllla Dearing, sister of Charles E. and Jeffer-
son D. Dearing of Missouri, . Miss IM.1 E.
Dearing of Oakland: and- Mrs. Ida Wagoner
of Fort Collins, Colo., a native of Missouri,
ased 42 years.
DE CLARE— In this city, October '. 27, 1901.
' Mary/ beloved wife of John de Clare, \u25a0 a na-
,tlvo of Holland, aged 84 years.
DIETZLER— In' this ' city. October' 27." 1901.
Anna M., widow of the late General . George
' W. ' Dietzler, a native of Virginia, aged 61
years and 10 months. ." •
DORGAN— In this city, October 26, 1901, Wil-
liam Dorean. \u25a0 beloved brother of. the late
Timothy Dorgan, and uncle of Kate Dorgan,
-Sister --Mary -Gonzaga and- Sister- -Mary -of
Blessed - Trinity, a native of . County Cork,
Ireland,' aged 68 years. - , ,. \u25a0
V E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United' Undertakers, 27 nnd 29 i Fifth
.. street, "thente to. St. Paul's Church for - ser-
vices at 9 'o'clock. "Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. "
HALE— In Browns Valley, Tuba County, Cal.,
Edgar. T. Hale, . beloved husband of Georgia
|. T. Hale, a native of Ohio, -aged 50 years.
E7"Friends and . acquaintances • are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
-'(Tuesday), at. 2 o'clock,, from the. parlors of
Carew & English, 29 Van Ness, avenue.. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,- by electric
,'. funeral ' car from Fourteenth. -and Mission
Btreets. . '.
HANSON— In this city, October 26, 1901. Ellen,.
. beloved wife of Christopher Hanson, mother
of Willie and AHCe • Murphy, daughter of
Mrs. Margaret Carey, and sister of William,
' James and Alice Carey, a native of Boston,
Mass.. aged- 86 years 4 months and 26 days.
:\u25a0 - in^Friends .and "acquaintances -are respect-
fully invited to "attend" the funeral to-day
. (Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English, 29 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Charles Church, corner Eight-
eenth and Shotwell streets, for services. - In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. \u25a0 . ' • •• "j
HAWLEY— In . this city, October 23. 1901,. Sam-
uel, beloved, husband of Hope Hawley, ( , and
father of Samuel,' Godfrey, Thonias,' Joseph,
William and Frank 'Hawley and the late
Mary Ellen - Hallinan and Charley -Hawley, a
J native, of. England, aged 59 years. • -.
EXFrlends and. acquaintances are respect-
fully ' invited to attend the _' funeral to-day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resl-
: dence. 620. Second street, thence to Good Sa-
maritan' Mission, corner Folsom and Second
- streets, for services. Interment : Cypress
• Lawn Cemetery. \u25a0 '.'•"'
HURLEY— In this city, October 26,. 1901, Dan-
iel Hurley, beloved brother of the late Mark
Hurley and Ellen. Daley, and uncle of Mich-
ael. Ellen, Daniel,' Mark and Charles Hurley
\u25a0 and the late Annie Maerulre, a native of the
parish of Dlsart,' County Cork, Ireland, aged
« 80 years.. . ' ....
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend .the funeral, to-day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from' his late resi-'
dence,- 193 Russ street, corner of \u25a0 Folsom, •;
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul at 9 o'clock. In-
. ~ terment - Holy Cross . Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In this city, October 27, J901,
Emily, dearly beloved wife of Harry Jrhn-
" son, beloved daughter .of Magnus J. Sorensen
of Lvsekill,' Sweden, and sister \u25a0> of Charles
and Andrew Johnson of Michigan and Johan
Johnson of Lysekill, Sweden, • a native of.
.Lysekill, Sweden, aged 37 years and 10
months. ' ' * - \u25a0 ..
Ity Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of H. F. Maass, 917 .Mission street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery. ' .-. \u25a0 ' ' "
KROPP— In this city, October 26, 1901, Henry-
W. KroDP, beloved son \ of. Ellen Kropp, and
brother of Walter Kropp, Mrs. .Edward Car-
vill- and Mrs. Nlles H. Stover, a native of
San' Francisco, aged 25 years U months and
12. days. \u25a0 . . . . "
(E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect- .
fully, invited .to attend the funeral tomorrow
(Tuesday), at' 8:30' o'clock,' from the family
residenoe, 1015 street, thence to, St.
Brigid's -Church, van Ness avenue and
Broadway, where ' a requiem mass' will "-be
celebrated ' for the repose of j his soul, com-
mencing, at 9 o'clock. \u25a0 ; .
LANGHANS— In this t city, October 27. 1901.
Margaret, beloved wife of Emil Langhans,
and mother . of ' George, Henry, Frank, Mary
and Arinle Stell, a native of New York, .aged
63 years 7 months and 15 days. \u25a0-. .: \u25a0;\u25a0 -.
- E7Frlends and acquaintances are • respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors ;
of the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Peter's Church, where a
requiem high" mass will be celebrated for the
' repose of her soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. ' - - • .
LYONS— Drowned in San Francisco Bay, Oc-
tober, 27, 1901, Timothy Lyons, dearly, beloved
son', of Annie \u25a0 and the late . Timothy Lyons,
and beloved brother : of Thomas, James, Jo- .
seph and David Lyons, Mrs. D. Col eman and
N the late John Lyons, a native of San Fran-
cisco. • aged 20 years and. 20 days.
McKENNA— In this city, October 26, , 1901,
I Elizabeth Gertrude, beloved- daughter of P.
C. and Mary J. McKenna, and sister of Mary.
and Evalyn McKenna, a native of San Mateo
'. County, Cal., aged 5 years 1 month and 11
days. \u25a0 : • \u25a0
• lEPFrlends and' acquaintances are -respect-
fully Invited . to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her mother, 3593 Nineteenth, street. Inter-
ment Holy. Cross Cemetery. ; •
MAGUIRE — In this city. - October 26. ! 1901.
Katherine J., beloved, daughter of Katherlne
and the late Timothy Maguire, and sister of
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
i ' (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.) -
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mot.-
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth, st., opposite Lincoln School.
. . ' , \u25a0 Telephone South 80. . - *
Mt. Olivet Cemetery v
v: ' ' San. Mateo County. \u25a0
OFFICE 816 MARKET STREET. \u25a0
; J. HENDERSON. : Manager! \u25a0
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
~ Samuel ' McFadden,' 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers'. Association; \u25a0 M. J.
McBrearty, with -the' same company for 10
years; ; P. F. Green, late wlth-J. C. O'Co'n- '
nor & ' Co. , have : opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street, -between Seventh
and' Eighth. -Telephone South 44. »• ; , -*j -'.
CREMATION.
The- Odd 'FfllowsV:, Cemetery," Association
'- / Point Lobos ave.. S. F., Cal.- > ;
' -The '•' ordinance -' prohibiting •' burials . in ,- San
Francisco ' after i . the first day of .August, ; 1901, \u25a0
does not refer to CREMATION. . Neither = doe«
It affect the COLUMBARIUM, because there is
nothing less harmful to - the : living than '.the
ashes .of -their dead.-'- : "--\u25a0-•\u25a0-.\u25a0,. >;-,,,:
-.'-• Permits to -cremate \u25a0 vr\\\ .be .Issued ?by,.the
Board of Health the same as heretofore. ' : > ..
GEORGE R. FLETCHER. Manaeer.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
DERKELISY HEAL ESTATE.
CHOICE nRnKELEY"pnOPERTY, '"'\u25a0',
A splendid corner lot for $40 per front foot;
also a fine Inalde lot for $20 per foot; both Una
in ilia beautiful Hoenlu Park; convenient to
curs -and univerilty,
MAY & MORTIMrcil,
nrcniCHMQY IIOIINI3N TO M3T.
I2S-NICH furnlDuMi fin inert, 7 rftomiu itablt.
NW. cor. Prove and Ulake tti., llerkeiey.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1H8 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND IUS AL If STATE.
AUCTION 1 AUCTION!! AUCTION !!1 ':
AUCTION t- AUCTION !t AUCTION U!
AUCTION 1 AUCTION!! AUCTION Ht
AUCTION! AUCTION!! . AUCTION !!! Jv v:V
AUCTION! .AUCTION!!. AUCTION!!!
AUCTION! AUCTION!! AUCTION!!!
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
WOODWARD, WATSON" & CO.,
WOODWARD, WATSON .. & . CO.. V
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
WOODWARD. WATSON . & CO.,
•WOODWARD; WATSON . & CO..
(Successors to William J. Dingee.)
- 4 \u25a0 • \u25a0 t \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0,.\u25a0/;\u25a0•\u25a0.
- . • REAL ESTATE AUCTIONEEP.S.
REAL ESTATE AUCTIONEERS.
REAL ESTATE AUCTIONEERS.
REAL ESTATE AUCTIONEERS. '
REAL ESTATE AUCTIONEERS.
i / REAL ESTATE AUCTIONEERS.
Special Credit Said of : . < ;/# ]
•• " 38 «>o 38 * S3 \u25a0 * "
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS.
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS. '
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS.
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS, t . -
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS. *
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS. /, • v
Facing West Street;
Market Street,
35th Street and 36th Street. ' :
SATURDAY, November 2, 1901.
At 2 p. m. ' .
AT SALESROOM. 903 BROADWAY.
These Iota are surrounded \u25a0 by new homea
and more are in course of construction.
The street work is complete. Terms only
1-5 cash; remainder In easy installments.
Carriages at office for inspection of property.
Office open evenings by appointment. -
Installment or flat loans negotiated for home-
builders. ' • _ ' -
TITLE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT/
TITLE ABSOLUTELY-' PERFECT.
TITLE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT. '
TITLE. ABSOLUTELY PERFECTS-
TITLE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT. .
TITLE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT.
For catalogues and other particulars apply to
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
WOODWARD, WATSON 4 CO.
WOODWARD, WATSON & , CO.,
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO..
(Successors to William J. Dingee.)
Real Estate Auctioneers,'
903 Broadway, ' Oakland.
$2500— A BANK SALE— $2500.'
$100 \u25a0 down and easy monthly payments, will
buy a cozy, nearly -new modern colonial: cot-
tage of 6 rooms, bath, hall, brick foundation,
with folding doors and sanitary plumbing; lot
SOxlOO feet; above the street grade with nice
open lawn, stone walks and all street . Im-
provements; Insured for $2000 and all in' fine
condition; electric cars in front; handy to
Adeline st. station; location very desirable;
. near schools and churches; liberal discount
for all cash.
• GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
• . 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$1800 — IN Piedmont; modern Eastlake cottage of
5 large rooms; 2 bay-windows; bath; laundry;
high basement; lot 50x110 feet; sunny side;
• elevated ground; choice- location; right near
the cars; will .be- sold- on -monthly payments
if desired. ........ . .
- \u25a0'' ,: \u25a0-\u25a0 GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
j . 1008 Broadway, Oakland. -
WE have for sale within 3 minutes' walk of
\u25a0 the City Hall 3 houses ranging -in size, from
\u25a0 6 to 7 rooms in different locations; all central
-. and very desirable, and in flrst-class condi-
tion; well rented for $15 to $22 50 per. month;
pricti $2500 each; full and detailed description
\u25a0 of each one will be furnished on application.
- - - \u25a0 GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
\u25a0 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$2500— BRAND new two-story ' house of eight
rooms and bath; all modern; lot 40x150 feet;
street work complete; one block from elec-
tric cars; houso insured for $2300; $100 cash;
balance $30 per month, including interest.'
\u25a0 GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
"1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$800 — PLAIN but cozy cottage of 6 rooms; good
.condition; sunny side; close to San Pablo
j ave. electric cars; street work all done; ln-
'sured' for $800; policy paldfor three years in
advance goes with the place; title perfect;
terms can be arranged; would rent for $8 to
$10 per month; look this up; owner on prem-
• lses. ." ... . \u25a0 .
\ ' ' GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
:\u25a0\u25a0-'.' '".,.• 1008 Broadway.' Oakland.
$3000— LARGE comfortable cottage in good con-
dition; lot 50x250 feet (note the size); fronting
two streets; all street work complete; good
stable; chicken yard; chioken houses; fruit
trees; flowers; vegetable garden; one block
from -San Pablo ave.; good location; -land
alone, worth the money; cost $5000;- well rented
now; -insured for-, $1600 three years in \u25a0 ad-
vance, Included; taxes paid to date; title per-
fect; no mortgage; . for a - big sacrifice 'see
•this at once; terms cati be arranged. •. \u25a0-•
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.|
v' 1008 Broadway,* Oakland.
$1900— SACRIFICE for a quick sale; comforta-
ble modern Eastlake cattage with bath, dou-
ble bay-window,' hall, high basement and
brick -foundation; 1 lot 43x100 feet (note the
size) ; very sunny ; half block - from . public
park; 3 minutes' walk from Clinton station;
very select residence location; neighborhood
and surroundings 'the .'very best; street work
complete and . stone walks laid;' house alone
is Insured for $1750; rents for $15 per month;
must bo seen to be appreciated; never before
offered for sale; a special- bargain and' will
stand \u25a0 a close- investigation.' \u25a0 • .. . \u25a0 . .
GEO. <W.r AUSTIN & \u25a0CO.. •
'.....•\u25a0: 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
FROM $V>0 to $500 down, balance about what
you are now paying for rent,. will. buy a good
modern- cottage f of . 6 rooms, \u25a0\u25a0 bathroom,' laun-
dry. 8-foot basement; lot 60 feet front; street
. work all done; owner is a. non-resident and is
only here for one week to close this up; total
price only $1600; this; is a snap; close to San
Pablo ave. Call at the office and we will take'
you out and show It to you. JAS. S. NAI-
SMITH, 471 Twelfth St., bet. Broadway and
• Washington. -". ' •' ~ ' • "' ' * - " ' \u25a0' - ' -
,;.- OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
TENTH,' 672— Beautiful * sunny . rooms; ' excellent
; home table; .terms moderate; \u25a0 reference*.' .
OIL. .
OI .?.. t ." ok 1 ?' «?cond.hand. in good order; all
_«l»es. cheap. »H. B. WHITE. Big Mission Bt.
H. JEROME KOSKLLI. •ci«UinV"piilrol»tV 515
Taylor at., btt. Geary and I'ott; tel. Black 661
NKRUCJAAIW, president Bt. Qermaln Collee^
reads from 1 to 5. 709 Tost: phono Hyde 8038.
_^ A.\i» llhl.lil(ATOii*.
J. C. HOMAlN^«n>7^. r^»?rpho^''i«6Jki4Mj
bf»t quality work: lowgit prices; gtt n*ur«».
- I'AUTMSHg' WANTISU.
WANTED— Partner who undcrttands $<\u25a0*»•
K»r particular RddrevR AUAM MII,l'.i:it,
VjUllcjo/Cal. \u25a0 \u25a0
INDIAN bank^U. Indian re) Ice, curloi and an-
UquM bought. NAT RAPHAEL, 118 Ocary
•t., IniKint curio «tor« In Amsrlea; vlsltora
welcome; Indian bankets from fl upward.
AN cletr&nt line of remnants for suits to or-
der, $1J; with these suits we make an extra
pair panU free of charge; other suits on In-
stallments, fl weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Mar-
ket St.. between Seventh and Klghth.
MRS. nRIGG8. dermatologist— Superfluous hair,
moles, other facial blemishes permanently re-
moved without pain or scars by the latest
electric appliances. S68 Sutter: tel. Larkln 3171.
ONE BOTTLE of Plnus will cure any case of
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; price
$2 50 per bottle. For circulars, Ptnus Med.
Co.. 731 Valencia Bt.. S. F.; tel. Church 137L
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to fl 50 per night; f 1 6« to »6 per. week;,,
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY Guess? You can be certain of st>;Ie and
lit by using Standard Patterns; Nov. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS,
Domestic office, 1021 Market St., near Sixth.
THE latest fancy styles of halrdressing for
parties 25c: one price tmly. G. LEDERER.
123 Stockton Et.
ADELINA PATTI'S Beauty Cream. Secret of
continual youth; 60c, postpaid; free demon-
stration; come and see us. Bon-Ton, 324 Post.
McCABE'S Detective Agency handles all legiti-
mate detective business. Emma . Spreckels
bldg.. rooms 323-324. S. P. ; teL South 8S1.
AT cash prices; ladies' tailor-made suits, coats,
Eilk waists, trimmed hats, skirts, etc. ; weekly
payments. C. F. ADAMS CO.. 156 Fifth st.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. *2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
BEAUTY doctor from East wishes lady patients
to treat at their homes. Address box B., Call
branch. 300 Hayes st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAT/ 457 Minna st.
A — IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call on
I Dr.G.S. Moore. 332 O'Farrell; send for circular.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old Beal-
sklns. Box 1205. Call office.
Superfluous hair 'removed free for 1 week by
elec. needle. Dr. Lula' Brooks. Mission & 16th.
SPANISH lessons given by a native Spanish
teacher; translations. 613 McAllister st.
LACE curtains cleaned for 35c per pair and up.
1277 Mission st.;. phone Folsom 2528. - .
STOP that "cough"— California Lung Balsam
will do It: all druggists; phone Pine 23S6..
MASQUERADE, costumes. ' play books, wigs;
country'orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. "33 Market.
500 MEN wanted to order suits for $1 "per week.
NEUHAUS & CO.. tailors. 115 Kearny st
TAILOR-MADE FUits. $7 50; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ASPHALTUM paint— Fix your own roofs; 60c
per gallon. Ill Van ' Nes5_ave.
OBESITY cured: no dieting; no weakening. THE
A'VIDA CO., 736 Valencia St.. bet. ISth & 19th.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
\u25a0 corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair tc Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
planing! and turning mills.
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planing. . Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont st.
PHYSICIANS AND .SURGEONS...,
DR. C C. O'DONNELL— Office -and residence,
1021% Market 6t., between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases cf the human body; see
testimonials at office, 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis, i
_ — .
A— DR. WONG WO. herb doctor; sanitarium.
764-7C6 Clay st. : see testimonials at office. '
' RUPTURE SANITARIUM. .
HUNTER^F~RUPTURE SANITARIUM, 1206
Market; treatment free; $100 paid for any truss
as good as our new double lever rupture holder.
\u25a0 \u25a0 '"\u25a0
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
TWO or four flats or residence in the . Mission
or Western Addition? must be in good condi-
tion and modern; buyer wants to purchase for
the Income. W. J. GUNN, 630 California st.
WANTED— To purchase a property, Improved
or unimproved, on Valencia, Mission or How-
ard. WT J. GUNN. 630 California St.
VERY cheap corner; a fine purchase; SE. Fil-
bert and Pierce; 36x82:6; all street work done
on both streets; Filbert bituminized; good lo-
cation to build 4 flats; only fl850; Union, with
cable cars, is next street south; price reduced
from $2350; easy payments. W. J. GUNN. S30
California at.
EXCEEDINGLY cheap and large corner lot;
Baker and Vallejo; 137:6x128:9; price only $10,-
000; both streets graded, macadamized and
sewered; stone pavement on Baker; grand ma-
rine view; in the same block lots have sold at
$300 per foot during this month; this is a fine
speculation. W. J. GUNN, 630 California st.
A SUNNY north corner, near Van Ness ave.;
large lot, with fine residence, of 14 rooms.
Large residence on Jackson et., near Polk;
11 rooms; lot 35x127.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
\u25a0 5 Montsomery st.
COTTAGE. 4 rooms and one of 2 rooms; 50x150;
462 DouglaEs et., near 21st; must be sold. Call
after .2 p. m.. or at 310 Noe st. . \u25a0 \u25a0 «
WE have cash buyers for improved property."
.DONNELLY & CO., 632 Market st.
$.350 EACH— Corner lots; Eugene ave.; frontage
3 streets; graded; cash or install. 360 Jessie.
FOR sale — Cottage of 4 rooms, large basement
and yard; half cash. 3022 Pierce st.
$2200— 6-ROOM 2-story house; bath; stable; lot
26x100. 1229 York st. ...
REAL ESTATE: COUNTRY— For Sale
800- ACRE ranch In "Sonoma County, '12 miles
from Santa Rosa, 1^4 miles from Kenwood
(Southern Pacific station); within four miles
of the California Northwestern Railroad; land
long conceded to be among the very finest
vineyard land in the State; would pay splen-
didly if now planted in resistant .vines; bot-
tom lands highly productive; house on prem-
ises contains ten rooms and bath; Hard fin-
ished ; also large barns and all other neces-
sary buildings; hot and cold water through-
out; abundant supply of water for all pur-
poses piped from perennial springs; this prop-
erty and additional money necessary is offered
In exchange for San Francisco income prop-
erty worth from $60,000 to $100,000. .'^«.S;
Apply to THOS. MAGEE & SONS,
; ->».«-; Real Estate Agents,
\u25a05 Montgomery st.
' \u25a0
$750— ONE acre of fine land in the town of
Lodl San Joaquln County, with 7-room hard-
finished house, barn and outbuildings; 2 wells
and windmill. i$!S9H .-'''
$1600—10 acres highly Improved near Stock-
ton: house, 4 rooms, barn, 2 -wells,- windmill,
orchard, etc. C. F. MOORE, 935 Market. St.,
San Francisco. \u25a0' .- " • '\u25a0 \u25a0 ' .
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
- Small tracts, $60 to $30 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco Is growing rapidly;' location
: best for poultry and general farming. Apply
i to The Cotati Co., 302 California St., for pam-
phlets and Information. '.'.".. \u25a0 "
A— IF you want to buy, sell or exchange city
or country property call on MARION GRIF-
FIN. 719 Market st. S. F.. office near Call big.
$1250— FOR sale or 'exchange, a'" nice 10-acre
fruit ranch in Tehama' Co. ; all bearing.
~W. A. GRANICHER. 100 Webater St.'
RANCH : foreman -wanted; single man; wages
$40; reference. Address box 1488. Call office.
52MO— IM PROVED foothill farm. 204 acres; El
Dorado Co.. near R. R. Box 222. CalL
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for,
free list. C. R. WINFIELD, Petaluma, Cal.
.• PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— For client. Income property ~on Mis-
sion Kt. or between Market and Sutter, east of
-Taylor, S. F., $50,000 or less. • Particulars '. to
W. E. BARNARD. 1118 Broadway. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENT^
i r^ _^_ — ; — ; l^j —
- ..ALAMEDA. REAL -. ESTATE. -
BARGAINS; Improved : &*unlmproved property
acquired by foreclosure; % cash. Bank of Ala.
M I 'iCELLAXEODa — .^P^_?^ E — Con.
BIN'jEn wwJng machine (new etyle); 5 drawer*;
oak; complete; cheap. 19» Mission, nr. 15th.
F«>K \u25baale— I National cash regiitera for"hnlf
jirlre. Inquire Old louvre. Phelan building.
XT.AP.K olmnce; I bicycles, |» and $10 a piece,
4 lit U-iktn et.. near Turk. .
you m!'-llnr»« and [•hartcn ror family or doc-
t..r. ''all morning at drug <iiore, 10«4 Valencta,
UfMtXiUAHTSRI ior irunJw. ba« nnd drem
\u2666mi cuw»». A. U. SMITH c6.. Mi Kill* »t.
HAi; »uint«. *howr«M>a; alt length! and •!>«•.
riio-iu barsain ll7t™ s Nor°17 now ready for
ni.iiiii.c. US Mnnienmcry «.
CA*H r^el^rr «U«llwo<..l)rb 1 ran4 n«w; Hi; r*.
.imiiin. fl. K. ALLK.N. m CaUfcnnU it.
JUO prlrpn mill fur cralrUlm. full dtcM & Tux-
r ' > '?.*^ t l".'_J.' orMttnd lM * n Qfnct. a Btockjon.
?»A^» to niAiiiGrag u c *"-"r >n -«-*\u25a0
J KWKl.UY frr m1« and made to order. T*
rr.UKHTAM). lit Kearny V. room a!
MA4XC luntprnii. new nnd Sd-hand movlnR plc-
turof. ni'LUnt) & liUKCK, 131 Po»t «t. I
OAfOLIKB rnplnrn. all ulten, new and Jd-hand.
-ftj:l.lii"n rh ''* J. E. IXJAK, 611 Million tt.
21ES£i!iVX*'V!A *?S- a V& hand. THE HER-
MAN WAhK CO.. 417-4Z3 Pacraroenlo Bt.
hone"? second-hand machinery.
J. Cl.RKE, O llcale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale: jeweler's steel-
lined »nfp. nerfect order. 216 California St.
_M|SCKLLA\EOL'S WAXTS.
WANTED- Second-h&rll Kdlson test; recep-
taclre in good order. \u25a0 Apply box 1476, Call.
WANTED- Second-hand upright tjiano "for
cimii. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1T06 Market st.
TII.TON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 1^4 Sth et.; tel. FoUom 252J.
'*} '>. •:^.^f-»Qa>B¥lTo: wax.
AA-MANHATTAN LOAN^OMPANY.
JiW.uou at « jjtr cent in sums to suit. City and
Oakland, town and country property;" second
mortgages, life Insurance <* securities. Loans
oa unsettled estates, undivided interests iu
r<i«J estate and legacies. We will purchase
any of above securities. Tel. Red 6024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bids.
A. NEW i.iea In the money-lending business ii
being tried by Uie Portland Loan Office, 25 .
" Stockton St.; rhone Bush 4S4. If you need
money phone us and the manager of our
loan department will call on you and loan
yju money at low rate* on your diamonds.
vatohre. sealskins, etc.. or else you can call
et our office. All business confidential.
ANY AMOUNT AT C PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
l-n4Jvlded interest in real estate i» probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
- tttt my terms kefore doing: business elsewhere.-
R. JIcCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st., room 3
lao.ooo— EASTERN capital to loan at low rat*
cm California securities, first or second mort-
irages, city or town properties, undivided in-
teracts in rraL estate, legacies, etc., also .first-
class ranch property; will loan as high as 75
tier cent of real value. \V. L. HARPER, 397
Parrott building.
JkiiY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first.
tn-oad and third mortgages, estates in pro-
t ait , interest in estates, legacies. - undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 18,
let fioor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
HERMAN MURPHY. «03 Examiner building—
I >. 000, COO at 67o or less in large sums; loans
en second mortgages, estates, etc.; financial
problems of all forts and sizes. If your prop-
erty I* mortgaged and you need mere money
liee HERMAN' MURPHY. 603 Examiner bldg.
AXY proposition; any amount; 6 per cent, on
tnortgaees, estates, undivided interests; chat-
. tel mortgages, etc. D. J. HALLORAX,
Adams building. 206 Kearny et., room 314.
RELIABLE corporation, established 1S65, proper
place to borrow money on diamonds. Jewelry,
rianos and sealskins at lowest rate of interest.
Grant ave., near Market St.; tel. Black 6471.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, S46 Market
- et. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third St.
A MILLION at 4 per cent; smaller amounts at
I; cJty or farm property; long time; state
amount desired and location of property. P.
O. box 2073.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave., near
Geary st.; phone Red 1603.
« '\u25a0 . \u25a0
OK real-estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos without removal; any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co., 26 Montgomery.
"5WP.O-~'O AT 6 per cent in sums to puit in city:
- tlSfi.OOO on Urge ranches at fair rates; second
mortgages. R. J. MERCER & SON, 412 Pine.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indcrser or on mortgages at 6 per cent per
annum. MORRELL. C09 Examiner building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; r.o removal; no commission; conflden-
tlal. Room <, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lc west .interest: *asy terms; nd broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market et., room 68.
LOANS on pianos, furniture without removal,
libraries, goods in warehouse, etc.; any ami;
lowest rates; priv. Ormsby, 26 Montg.,office 7.
S c l on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal;
co conrmlsaion; private. Room 81, 6 Eddy st.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal; no
comrais.; confidential. Whltehead. 1706 Market.
CN furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
etrictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister St. -
CNE per cent on furniture; $5 a" month on each
S1000; any security. SO? Montgomery Bt.. r. 1.
• IF you want a home I will loan you money to
_buyit. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st ;
ON SALARIES without indorser; other propo-
eitlor.s. s. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan big.
TTHE TOUFLEY Company; loans and! dls^
counts. 221 Parrott building. ,, '. .
3-OANS money on salary; no indorser; Eastern
Plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
BiySIC^L^I.NSTRUMEXTS.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock; -
. both new and second hand, is the largest :
j»-est or Chicago and includes the most re-
liable makers to choose from. New piano*
cold, upon easy payments of $6 per month;
m 4,£?. 0<1 »- pianc * for ». M and $5 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers,
corner Kearny and Eutter sts..' San Fran-
cisco.; comer Broadway and Thirteenth Bt.
\u25a0 Oakland. . \u25a0 \u25a0'••»\u25a0; •
ATTENTION, BARGAIN HUNTERS-
Second-hand upright pianos from SSS up.
. Eecond-hand square pianos from $50 np.
Eecond-hand organs from $25 up: new up-
? K o^ ia , n , 0S from MTS UD - BEN J.' CURT AZ
&6ON. lfi to 20 O'Farrell. Chickerlng. Ma-
«on and Hamlln. Vosc. Sterling pianos.
Jiji unumial chance to get a good piano for a
low price is offered any one who will call on
. ms at once; we will fhow how you can save
from. $100 to Ji;o in buying from us: we want
T^E^ENO^A^aYI Sc cV^Mar:
ket fit. .
ALL highest grades sold by the Heine Piano
Co., sole agents most famous and oldest Amer-
ican makes; easy payments: big allowance for
....second-hand pianos; rents $2 up allowed; bar-
f a ,l n "v n t2 ?». up: ste 'nway B , $18S; Chlckerings,
tl3o; ;>0 others; agents wanted. 217. Geary st.
.KSY clano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed en a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
pieno from us. KOHLER & CHASE 30
Q-Farreii St.; established 1850.
A SMALL Weber upright. S123; elegant walnut
case. Knabe upright, almost new- also Steck
oak case: Hardman square. $15; organs 125
up. BOWERS & SON. 23 Fifth St., IVERS
& POND and A. B. CAMERON. Agents.
A FACT worth remembering is this, you get
your money's worth when you buy a piano
from us: we sell the famous Decker & Son
and Baumeister; cash or payments. THE
ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
A FIRM'S failure to realise on account of
Ftrlke has placed two carloads of high-grade
- pianc« in storage to be sold at Eastern fac-
tory prices; second-hand pianos for a sonr
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market st.
PIANOS— The most modern and up-to-date;
Steck. Everett. Conover, Packard, Ludwis.
- H»rr'.xan and many others: wholesale and re-
- tall. The Wiley B. Allen Co.. 933 Market St.,
6. f.; < Branch Store. Sal Broadway. Oakland).
HAMJSOJIE 3-pedal upright: used t months;
sacrifice; leaving city. 602 Eddy, cor. Hyde.
'NEW piano, pianola and music on sale; great
bargain; party going away. 217 Geary st.
WANTED— 5 square pianos and organ for coun-
try 6Chools. BYRON MAUZY. 308-10-12 Poit.
:CS— HERTZ piano: good for practice; Schaffer
upright, nearly new. tSi. 217 Geary st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, t Latham place.
.SOHMER. Byron Mauzy. Lester Hamilton.
Splelmann pianos. . 808 Port «t. \u25a0 ' ; '
GOOD - eecond-hand upright for sale cheap.
SCHMITZ. .16 McAllister St. / j
ELEGANT piano as good as new; standard
make; a sacrifice. Hornung's, 216 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S, 22 Turk St., near Market—
Shoninger. Schubert and Steinway bargains.
ELEGANT new lipright pianos for rent, S3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 660 Hayes.
OFFICES ,AXP STORES TO LET.
tSS PACIFIC st.— Handsome store;, also S04 San-
some ct., nice 6tore. IIP per month.. '
ROOM.^ light, phone: suitable for designer or
eaxd writer; $5. Inquire 1008 Mission st.
\operations of late have been on such an
extensive . scale* it is \ said that it will be
only a matter, of a short time before their
identity, is. revealed. >.-"\u25a0 ' -\u25a0 . . \u25a0
>>. When the necessary evidence is In proper
shape the arrests will be made and \u25a0• the
prosecution carried on. with vigor.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Drugcists,-50c flask. Richard. & Co. 406 Clay. •
• W'lf I I 'I I.I'I 'I-H-I' H 1; I I.I '!\u25a0\u25a0!\u25a0 »
The Daughters are 'still busy
with, their preparations for the "great doll
show, which will . take place in the Maple
room of the Palace Hotel on November
7 and 8. There is great satisfaction ex
pressed as to " the progress ; of the young
ladles and gentlemen who will appear in
the various danqes. Bothwell Browne has
the sextet and their understudies in train
ing^ and his : work has pleased not only
the dancers, but those In charge "of the
affair. , • -
Doctor's Daughters' Doll Show.
Charged With. Grand Larceny.
Pearl ; Winters and . Georgle Winters
were arrested yesterday afternoon by
Policemen Regan and O'Connell and
booked at the City Prison on a charge
of grand larceny. They are accused of
stealing a gold watch valued at $150
from John Hendricks, a visitor from • Va
llejo Junction in their rooms at 1 Fiftii
street early yesterday morning.
Lyohs was an elevator " boy at 6 Cali
fornia street, .and ,t having saved some
money and being fond of boating pur
chased"a"Whiteha!l 'beat- about a montn
ago and rfgged it up with a sail. Yester
day, he. Invited: twe of .. his friends, E.
Bowler, * 1925 Filbert -street, 20 years of
age, ' and : F. ••> Cunningham, 2041 Jones
street,; 15 years of age; to. join in a- trip
on the bay, and they accepted—
. They sailed from .-'the . Buchanan-street
\u25a0whan atoutmoon, and .when about the
middle of' the bay a- squall struck the
t)oatand it. was overturned.- Lyons- was
struck on . the head, by the: Doom and
knocked* ..senseless. .into- the bottom oi
the boat, where he was held.'. Bowler an-1
Cunningham- clung to-: the overturned
boat.''- • - \u25a0 \u25a0 :*'.-- \u25a0 .-. :\u25a0 a, - - \u25a0. \u25a0
\u25a0 People on the beachand wharf 'saw tha
accident; and T. J. Pfercs and TonyDez
erello at' once jumped into a boat and
rowed to the rescue.. When they reach
ed-the overturned boat Bowler and Cun
ningham" were : still clinging to it, but
Jn a^.thoroughly exhausted condition, and
were : quickly transferred to the rescuing
boat. Pierc©*-and Dezerello righted the
overturned boat and found Lyons' dead
body ' under- , it. He had a been suffo
cated., \u25a0• • .. . x -. ; - . \u25a0
• The-- Morgue was notified, and' Lyons'
•body was removed to the dead house to
await the inquest. Lyons' brother strong
ly advised him not . to attempt to sail
his boat yesterday, as the wind was so
squally, but -, he would not listen .to the
advice, and went to his death; ., .
Timothy 'Lyons, 19 years, of age, who
lived at "4 Moulton avenue, off Buchanan
street, . between Greenwich and Lom
bard,' was drowned in the bay yesterday
afternoon in view of \u25a0 hundreds of people
wlicTwereon the beach and saw the ac
cident..- :Two companions-, narrowly es
caped the same fate.--
The conspirators \u25a0', have \u25a0\u25a0 covered \u25a0'- their
tracks with remarkable skill, but as their
The mill at San Quentln turns out five
million bags a year. These bags are sup
posed to be sold only to : bona fide srraln
growers in lots of not more than 2000 to
any one , man. By- means of ; bogus affi
davits most of the last year's outuut fell
into the hands of a ring of. dealers. -These
dealers, posing by -means- of- bogus, affi
davits, as farmers, -secured, the bags at
the, prison price of $5 65 a hundred. When
the farmer came to buy this bags he was
forced to deal with the ; ring and to. pay
J7 50 a. hundred. The prisonrbags are all
marked, numbered ?• and registered \u25a0 and
easily recognized. Repeated, complaints on
the part of the. farmers -Induced the-'di
rectors I to make -the investigation, '• which
resulted in the discovers', of the plot. - - s \u25a0 j
The attention of the directors was at
tracted to this matter by the fact that
two months before an acre of grain had
been harvested orders had been filed " for
every bag on hand or that could be manu
factured by September 15. Then- It ,was
noticed that orders had been filed for the
delivery in 1902 of enough bags to keep
the mill busy up to the, date of delivery.
Arrests to Be Hade Soon. '.-
While the information in possession of
the „ police Is > being closely. guarded, -it is,
known that some well-known names will
be involved in 'what, when it breaks, will
be one of the most sensational scandals in i
the history of the State. -•'• \u25a0 ..'\u25a0•• - '
Just how long the plotters have been at
work the Prison Directors will, not '\u25a0 say.
Just how many bags have' been- secured;
by means of bogus affidavits will not be>
known until the officers' of the' law, have
investigated 'every order for. bags. received'
during the last year. . '
Sensational Scandal.
\u25a0 When the plot was first discovered • the
Prison Directors communicated with Dis
trict Attorney' Byington, . .who- advised
them, to consult Captain of /Detectives
John Seymour of the local police >force.
Captain Seymour, after looking into the:
matter, detailed Detective .Tom Gibson oh
the case. In'.additlon to this, the. chief of
police of every town in the State was no
tified and requested to detail, am officer to
assist in \running the conspirators T to,
earth. These officers have' been : working-
In conjunction ; with * Detective • Gibson for \u25a0
the last three .weeks and it is understood
that preparations are- well "under way for.
the issuance of a formidable array; of in
dictments. . . ' • ' \u25a0 . . ,
The State Prison .Directors/, having dis
covered and taken measures j to frustrate
the jute bag conspiracy, are now devoting
their energy;toward securing,ttie evidence
necessary to convict the conspirators. The
entire police and detective machinery of
the State has been set in motion and it is
expected that many of the .'.bags .'ordered
for future delivery will be made with the
assistance of the makers of the bogus affi
davits. 1 - . • . ,- . ' -
Timothy Lyons, a. Boy,
; the. Victim;. t of Acci
dent on Hhe Bay.
Prison Directors Hope
to Make Arrests . '\u25a0
.,; Shortly.
Mrs. General George- W. Dietzlor died
yesterday morning at her home. 3309 Clay
street. She was the widow of General
Dietzler. who died in this city in 1884,
and whose funeral was largely attended
by representatives of .the Grand Army,
Loyal Legion and Knights Templar. In the
civil war he rendered distinguished ser
vice. His leadership of the Kansas troops
at the battle of Wilson's Creek was
heroic. His widow, who passed away yes
terday, was born in Virginia, Her maiden
name was Anna M. Neill. The family
moved to Missouri when she was a child.
She and \u25a0General Dietzler were married
at Lexington; Mo., in 1S65. They lived. at
Lawrence, Kan., until 1873, when they
came to California. The survivors of the
family are two daughters— Miss Mamie
Dietzler and Mrs. George W. Toohy. The
funeral. will take place at 10:30 a. m. to
morrow from the family home.
Death of Mrs. General Dietzler.
The supposed husband of - the woman
did not learn of the mishap until he found
a young man bringing his horse and cart
toward the Seal Rock House. Jumping
into the cart he whipped up his steed and
started ' in . pursuit of the well-meaning
citizen who was trying to aid the injured
woman. His horse was not very speedy,
so it is not yet known how or where the
incident terminated.
The woman is described as being be
tween 25 and 30 years of age, while her
supposed husband was apparently several
years her senior.
The woman in her efforts to seize the
reins fell to the ground. In falling-, how
ever, she managed to grasp the axle. She
held on with desperation and was drag
ged over the rough road until she re
leased her hold and fell unconscious to
the ground. . . . . •\u25a0 \u25a0 '.
A driver of a horse and buggy, seeing
her plight and' evidently thinking .the
woman had been driving alone, jumped
out of his buggy and seizing the pros
trate woman lifted her into his vehicle.
He then', started his horse at breakneck
speed down the hill, holding the uncon
scious woman in his buggy with one arm.
He raced his horse off in the direction of
the road leading into the park, with the
evident intention of carrying the unfor
tunate woman to some hospital or drug
store. ' . \u25a0
There was a startling scene enacted
yesterday afternoon at the ocean beach,
which was witnessed by many people..
A woman whose name could not be
learned was riding with a man supposed
to be her husband in a cart drawn by a
big- black steed. In front of the Seal Rock
House the man alighted and entered the
resort to secure refreshments. Suddenly
the horse started on a wild run up the
steep road to the Cliff House. ..
Large Number of People Witness
Scene That Filled Them With
Terror.
WOMAN IS DRAGGED BY
RUNAWAY AT THE BEACH
SUDDEN SQUALL
CAPSIZES BOAT
.All of the discharged Commissioners,
save Judge Stevens, arrived in Seattle
yesterday on the Senator.
The late arrivals from Nome say that
Judge Wickersham has made himself ex
tremely popular in Nome by his impartial
dispensing of justice and the weeding out
of corrupt officials. • • •
Directdr Steindorff has but a short ac
quaintance with the music-lovers of San
Francisco, but. he is already recognized
as one of the ablest orchestra leaders of
the city. He-came with an enviable repu
tation, gained especially through his con
nection with the New York Symphony
Society, and he has more than lived up
to thaf reputation. He has had long and
thorough scnoollng In music. He Is a
master of interpretation and possesses
in a high degree the qualities necessary
for successful leadership. •
K-M-M'I i; I I 1,1 I I ! I I I I I M-H- «
Senator Carter of Montana, whose name
has been mentioned in an unsavory way
with the contempt cases now being heard
by the Circuit Court, was appointed Com
missioner of the Bluestone district to suc
ceed Judge Rognon. In this capacity he
presided over the affairs of Teller City,
the largest town next to Nome in North
western Alaska. His administration of
justice was open to severe criticism from
time to time,, and at one stage a vigilance
committee «vas about to be formed, to
drive him out of town.
Judge ,Cochrane, known in Alaska as
"Amicus Curiae" Cochrane, because he
was one of Judge Nbyes' chief syco
phants, was Commissioner of the Kouga
rok district, where there was much tam
pering with mining records and consid
erable scandal over the off-hand dismissal
of serious criminal cases.
marinl and Avedano.
WILL PURSUE
CONSPIRATORS
Known as Amicus Curiae.
James L. Galen, a brother-in-law of
A. K. Wheeler came from Minneapolis
with -Judge Noyes, posing and drawing
down a salary as the Judge's private sec
retary and stenographer. • It became a
notorious fact soon after Wheeler reached
Nome that he could not write a word oi
shorthand, and to those who touched on
this point he intimated that it was a
shield to protect him "while he practiced
law. in the Judge's chambers, and repre
sented that he was Judge Noyes' broker.
In this position Wheeler proved more
than once that he could get the Judge to
sign "any old order," the notorious deep
sea orders being a few of the reliefs
which he got from the Judge.
When Judge Noyes departed from
Nome for this city he left an order ap
pointing Wheeler Commissioner of th<3
Nome district, but failed to leave a sim
ilar order, declaring Stevens', position va
cant, thus making It necessary for Judg<»
Wickersham to remove both of them.
Judg-e Noyes' Order Man.
.tlsts who have assisted in mak
ing the present grand opera season there
a memorable one will participate. The or
chestra is to be enlarged to forty men for
the occasion, and will give the overtures
from "William Tell," "Lohengrin" and
"Tannhauser." The .programme also in
cludes a scene and duet from "Samson
and Delilah" (Saint-Saens) by Colla-
doing at Lisbon and Bismarck, N. Dak.,
also..
THE Tivoli management has ar
ranged a testimonial to Paul
Steindorff, director at the Ti%'oli.
to be given to-night, I All the ar-
; CAPABLE LEADER OF TIVOLI ORCHESTRA WHOSE FRIENDS, IN AP
PRECIATION OF HIS ABILITY, WILL TENDER HIM A TESTIMO
NIAL, AT WHICH SPLENDID MUSICAL TALENT WILL APPEAR.
R. N. Stevens, one of McKenzie's chief
lieutenants In North Dakota politics, was
appointed Commissioner of the Nome dis
trict, and although he is said to have
left Dakota broke he succeeded after a
brief period as Commissioner and Recorder
of the Nome district in amassing money
Forced Incorporation for Spite.
In Alaska a United States Commission
er enjoys the combined powers of a
Police Judge, Justice of the Peace and
Recorder. Without the collusion of the
Commissioners wholesale corruption and
••graft" would be almost impossible in the
higher court, over which Judge Noyes
presided. When McKenzie and his satel
lites set foct on the shore at Nome Judge
Noyes evinced great care in the selec
tion of the United States Commissioners
for that place and its adjacent districts.
Every one of the important commissioner
ships were settled upon men who were
friends of the ringleaders in the alleged
conspiracy to loot the mines of Nome, the
details of which are now being threshed 1
out in the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals.
In aadition to this the telegram, which
came via Seattle, and which was re
ceived by one of the attorneys of the Pio
r.ecr Mining Company, stated that the
Grand Jury was investigating the corrup
tion existing in the lower judiciary of the
Second Division of Alaska, and that it is
o,uite likely that Galen." Wheeler, Stevens
and Cochrane will be indicted upon
charges of blackmail, bribery and perhaps
embezzlement of Government funds.
TTnited States District Judpe Wicker
sham is freeing Nome from the in
cubus of the notorious Federal ring.
Private advices received here yesterday
from that section brought the informa
tion that he had removed frcm office
United States Commissioners James L.
Galen, R. N. Stevens, Archie Wheeler and
O. D. Cochrane, aJl of whom were looked
tpon as creatures of Alexander McKen
zie and Judge Arthur H. Noyes.
Grand Jury of Alaska Is Also Taking-
Action With a View to Bringing
About Some Necessary
Keforms.
Official Heads of Four United
States Commissioners
Drop.
When questioned, the night watchman
vowed that none of the Chinese had
escaped. .. ,
"I caught one man coming down the
water spout," said he, "and took him
by the queue back to the corral. I then
made an investigation and heard some
v/agons driving away. I suspected a plot
and at once placed a man on the look
cut. I thought I had got the ! first run
away, but if the inspectors say five are
missing, then they got away before I
made my rounds."
The steamship compbnies will now have
to reckon with Uncle Sam over the five
unless the Chinese Six Companies pay it
and hush the whole matter up. At pres
ent "the Mail Dock is an-easy place to
escape from.
A big- plot to release the 150 Chinese
In the Mail Dock corral was frustrated
early yesterday morning. As it was, five
of the coolie prisoners got away, while
another was caught in the act. •
- The matter had .evidently ' been care
fully considered in and engineered from
Chinatown. A hole had been made in
the roof near the eaves. Alongside the
hole was an escape pipe for the water
that falls during rains. This, pipe ends
near the Brahnan street sewer, and once
the Chinese got that far, escape was
easy. Half a dozen hacks were in wait-
Ing- among the lumber piles, and as soon
as a man. made the journey down the
water pipe, he, was gathered in and
hustled away to Chinatown.
Almost every steamship that has ar
rived from the Orient during the last
month has brought a crowd of Chinese
for this port; Most of them land as "Na
tive Sons" and merchants, others as trav
elers and students, while ' the rest
are held as having -no right to enter the
United States. These latter have been in
creasing in number until Saturday night
there were more than 150 of them, in the
corral. These were all held at the expense
of the Pacific Mail, Occidental and Ori
ental and Toyo Kisen Kaisha companies.
If any one of them escaped the company
that brought them here was liable to
Uncle Sam under its bond.
Saturday afternoon the Chinese were
all counted by the Customs authorities.
Yesterday morning the count was made
again and five were missing. Then there
was an inquiry and the watchman was
called 'in. A close insDection of the prem
ises showed where the "Heathen Chinee"
had cut the hole, the cgver to which,
when put in place, fitted like a die. The
toe marks on the side of the building
showed how the escapes had slid down
the wall to the wharf below.
"When Stevens went to Nome he left a
very unsavory reputation behind him in
the States. While living in MenoH
County. Illinois, in 1877. Eli Reep o£
Petersburg. In the .same county, went
Into bankruptcy, and Stevens was ap
pointed assignee. Fearing that there had
been some juggling with the funds, th»
creditors sued tor an accounting. Stevens
said he had received only 5111 15. but 5*
was shown thst he had received $495 In
addition, which he disclaimed all knowl
edge of. The matter was brought before
the Grand Jury, but United States Attor
ney Van Hoobeck. a friend of p. Mr. Mi-
Meeley, Stevens' chief counsel, had the
matter quashed. Subsequently Stevens
went to North Dakota, where he was
mixed up in many legislative and other
scandals. He has a reputation for wrong
enough to become quite a factor in min
ing aeals requiring me investment of «con
s:uerabl« money ana incidentally a little
official protection.
At the election to decide whether or not
the town oi Nome should be incorporated
Judge Stevens used his office as a club
to compel the gambling and saloon ele
ment to vote for tne measure oy threat
ening m a. public speech to close every
salogn and gambling house in tne town
if incorporation did not carry. This bold
declaration was made in the face of the
tact that there was a statute in the Alas
ka code which provided that gambling of
any kind was umawtul ana punishable by
heavy fines and imprisonment. At the
time Judge Stevens made tnis declaration
tne. Nome newspapers charged that he
was actuated by spite because the gam
blers and business men owning large
stores refused to contribute to a corrup
tion fund of $30u0 said to have been de
manded by District Attorney Wood, which
the latter claimed he wouia use to defeat
incorporation.
Stevens had the reputation in Nome' of
being the shrewdest manipulator of the
McKenzie-Noyes crowd. During the trial
of the famous Ring-Yager case for the
possession of claim 7, on Gold Run. Ste
vens, who was acting as attorney fo.*
Jumper King-, was caught in a pretty
trap. He induced Yager to sell his in
terest in the mine for $5000 and agree to
leave the country, thus leaving his at
torneys, who had taken the case on tt
contingent fee, in a sorry plight. Stevens
paid 1'ager the money while the case wai
being tried, but while attempting to leave
the country yager was arrested by his
own attorneys and made to go upon th3
witness stand, vindicate his own location
and tell the story • of Stevens' shady
transaction. On the witness stand In
Judge Noyes 1 court Stevens attempted to
justify his action by saying: "I find It
necessary under the present administra
tion of justice to be on both sides of the
case in order to get to work a piece Of
ground in this country." Noyes, evi
dently, was so much in Stevens' power
that "he did not take cognizance of th^
Insult which Stevens" shameless admis
sion offered. Shortly afterward, how
ever, Stevens and Noyes quarreled about
the division 'of some mining property, so
it is said, and then came the passing of
Stevens.
Captain Seymour yesterday detaile 1
Detectives Coieman and Kioraan on the
case, but they were unable to throw any
light on the affair. 4
•spotwoou hau a gold watcii and
$2 w* tanen nom rum, Patrick a
btlver watch and cuain and S3
cents and Cook a goiu watcn and
chain anu $2 w. They were tnen told
to walk along quicKiy and make no out
cry unuer penalty ox oeing toiiowed and
snot. Owing 10 the darKuess jney were
unable to give any uescnpuon of the
two robbers. They xnaue a complaint to
the Stanyan-street ponce station, and Po
liceman x. J. O'tohea went to the scene,
but, of course, he could find no trace
of the robbers. •
They reached Alvovd Lake about 9:30
o'cIock, and there two men approached
them. Each heid a revolver In nis hand,
ana they ordered the tnree friends to
throw up their nanus, the command be
ing promptly compiled with, \vhiie one
kept n revolver ui readiness the other
went inrougn the poetteis oi the trio.
The police were notified Saturday night
that two footpads, armed with revolver*,
had been roaming around Golden Gate
Park and had held up three young men
and possibly some more.
Herbert Spotwood, 150S Howard street;
E. L... Patrick, 612 fciteiner street, and H.
B. Cook, 223(5 North Point street, had en
joyed a French dinner at a downtown
restaurant Saturday night, and decided
to r:iie to the park and walk oif the ef
tects.
Plot to Release ,. the Whole
Crowd of 150 Chinese C
Frustrated.
At Point of Pistol Victims
m Are Relieved of Coin
and Watches.
Judge Wickersham Is
Gleaning Lower
Judiciary.
Five Coolies Escape From
.Corral on Pacific.
Mail Dock.
Three 'Young Men Held
Up After Dark Near
Alvord Lake.
WEEDING OUT
NOYES' GANG
UP AT NOME
MEET ROBBERS
IN THE PARK
GAIN FREEDOM
THROUGH ROOF
PAUL STEINDORFF TO BE GIVEN
TESTIMONIAL BY TIVOLI ARTISTS
Notable Programme, With Augmented Orchestra,
to Be Rendered in Appreciation of Services
at Opera-House of the Popular Director
THE SAN* FRANCISCO ;GALL; -MONT) AY, OCTOBER 28, 1 901.
10
ADVEBTISgJENTS. , i . : . . . _
On To- Morrow and continuing all
this week we will have a -special
• .Ul<5|Jlciy "I
NEW TRIMMINGS
• AND
FEATHER BOAS.
We will show 175 Choice FEATHER BOAS—
all new goods, just received hu express. Thess
were made to our order and are the finest
duality of Ostrich Feathers. The mlors are
Black, White, Grau, Natural, and Black and
White. The lengths are 36, 45, 54 and 72
•inches, and the prices are sio.50, sn.oo,
SI3.5O, $16.00, $18.50, $22.50, $25.00
and $27.50 each.
Trimming Department
Black, White . and Colored Aprjlicrue Trim-
ming, from half an inch to four inches wide.
Persian Trimmings f all widths, from three-
guarters of an inch to three inches, and In all
the new colorings for Fall. Black Medallion
Trimming, from one inch to three inches
.wide. Black Silk and Chiffon Trimming, also
Black and White, in the different widths.
Great varietu of New Belt and Trimming
Buckles, Clasps and Slides, in plain and cut
steel, oxidized, jet, rhinestone and gilt.
SEE OUR WINDOW DISPLAY OF ABOVE GOODS.
HI 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
ADVEHTISSMENTS.
! Means " perfect satisfac- |
| tion, and perfect satis- \
| faction is the expe- |
s rience of every person . |
I who is fitted with a pair |
3 of our glasses. We J
I make our glasses right 5
\ and' we fit them cor- p
I rectly. \
Remember Our Address. ||
1 SWDA806PTJ£Al© !
\ ?J7Keari)ey5tr;5.F |
B0LDBEB9, B0 WEN ft CD'S SPECIAL 8ATX58 BALI
Ever a r d b e e r
Canada malt lager;— reg'Iy <t -jr
. pints $i 55 dozen—^ * oi
•quarts $2 3 5 dozen 2 10
Rye V h i.s k y
. Old mellow rye— reg'Iy $1 bottle 75c
$4 gallon— quart demijohn 85c $3
D C L w hi sky
Highland Club-Scotch ) "?* "£*
Killycroy-Irish 1 star J $l bot 8 5 C
Caladonian— Scotch— $I35"$I IC
. S "\v e e t cider
S regVsS^Tlon" 4 OC
Eaude quinine
Pinaud-8 oz bottle Tv. . fc c
w
Bran b a 2 s
French — reg'Iy 2?c 'i: : ;"-•/: nnr
Duster
Black tail turkey feathers— A er .
14 in long— reg'Iy 6oc T"5 c
New goods
. Honey cake— Pfeffernusse— W± *1*£
reg'Iy 20c lb * 5 C
Sauerkraut— Mardebureer — 11.
reg'lyioclb 4">S 25c
Dill gurken « J g^
Bon bons— all new varieties— for dinnei
tavors ,
Send or call for our 6tg catalogue
Tbtrf»>nth iind Cl»T «treeN Oakland
HEREAFTER MS FIM WILL
USE AS A TRADEMARK
THE WORD
OCULARIDM.
OPTlCIANr^^JJ&P^CAPPAWTux
04^ Market 5t. iMaTituMCNts
uwptw CHBOxicit Bun.DiN&. CaTAIOGUC rW£.
BRADFORD
QUICKSILVER MINE
SAN BENITO CO.
tA^ e offer some stock for sale in this mine at
wmKr v ar^K Prlee WI " " advanced ™nXo-
vemDer la. The money win be us*d tar Hevel-
SSSutelv"* ? bU!W 3 *»™£. wWch wi?, 6 to-
Sf til tV 3 ! nha P ce i«e value. Vast quantities
£.ri ?7«S t Jf ve , I ° ped th a 8h^t 260 feet deep
W 2?th e S t i?i, tnnnel> - We own "0 acred of
vS tZ l\ b «»d2ng3 and machinery. We want
s^r^ SS <T " V f r advanced from 10c to JJ>r
a h^vi#e I n i d 1 rn a a 1 a a t^e i ' aUed *** W " 1 »"
' xw .., H. R. BRADFORD.
President and General Manager.
T>m«T,.ot No " h Market st.. San Jose, Cal.
t>\?4 Exhibit at Branch dfflce.
41$ KEARNT STREET. San Francisco.
f. DE FREITA3. Agent.
B 9 A I fl Rifles. Ammunition, Flsh-
I 8 fl S4B V 'P* Tac k'e. Sporting. Out-
I « 9 I *\M lns Goods. Largest StocH.
I 3 1 H B \u25a0 Lowest Prices. Send for
V 1 B 1 %# Catalosrue and Job Sheet.
739 Market. 511KearB»
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
crip S/yi\wy\Xa>
truly modifies the
casein of the milk.
We will send you our book free,
. . « Mellin's Food Babies: 1
:' . ... .i'j _' \u25a0 - \u25a0 ' .: . ,.-f'
Mellin's Food Company, Boston, If ass.
RADWAY'S. BEADY RELIEF has stooa
unrivaled . before > the public for. 50 . years as a'
Pain Remedy. -It Instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds, Sore Throats, 'Influenza . Bron-'
chitls, Pneumonia, | Rheumatism, .. Neuralgia,'
Headache, Toothache; and all pain.' Internally
for Malaria and all Bowel Pains." All druirsrlsL* '
OOLDBERg. B0^ EH * co>s 8PE0IAL 3 AVIN8 S1L5
'BQWEN
Monday Toeday Wednesday
K o n a co ft e e
Exquisite flavor— rich body— n nr
popular price— reg'Iy 25c lb
H a m s
Old Dominion— guaranteed— T Pr
reg'Iy i6^c lb . . *5 C
L en tils
German— big pnes— fresh— »i it,
reg'lyioclb . 3^ lb2 5 c
H o 11 and cocoa
Van Houten— the best made— Q or
reg'Iy 95c lb— X lb-% Ib-i lb cans ° HC
Mandarin Nectar— "Bee" brand
Ceylon— basket fired Japan— r o C
reg'Iy 60c lb J
F a r d da t e s
Black variety— the kind to stuff— T nr
reg'iyi2Kclb 1 OC
New figs.
California black or white— . il_ . rr .
reg'Iy 10c lb 3 lbs 2 5 C
B u c >k w he at
First shipment this season— from A nr
Pennsylvania-reg'ly 75C-10 lb sack
Maple s y rup
Hazen— pure Vermont sap — A o^
«8j!^ 65c M gallon can OOC
S h r imps
Pansy— make a delicious ? for o rr
salad quickly— reg'Iy 10c J •>
and 20c can J 5 C
To mat o e s
Solid packed— natural -j ran<s o rn
flavor— reg'Iy 10c can— J ; nS 2 5 C
• 35c jar 1 jars 55c
Safety matches
Used almost exclusively
in the east-children r , ; V /
can't light them— less 5 c oz.Doxes T^c
danger from fire .. _:\u25a0
C r a c k e r s
Cheese straws— dainty—^
appetizing ; ' 3 ca rtons 50c
•B u t t er
Creamery— cut full weight. lb 25c
C a r m el s oan
Made from olive oil— .
reg'Iy 60c box of 6 cakesl 5 Oc
F re .;n c h ,< C 1 a> e t
Piper's Vin de la citadelle—
bottled in Bordeaux— small §5 S°
shipment-reg'ly $6 50 dozen qts 6 . KO
$7 50 case of 2 dozen pints :
•GocktVl 1 s
Six kinds— ready" to use—
reg'Iy $1 25 bottle v OOC
If Felts' elegant stock has been sold to the Walk-over |j
y Shoe Sf ore. The Walk-over store, which, adjoins yj
i Felts', needed the space for their new line of ladies' II
H Walk-overs and to meet the urgent demand for more fj
05 room made necessary by their growing business. fl 1
7T ( Every lady in San Francisco who - appreciates ele- 1
J gance in footwear knows Felts.' She knows. that. less 11
fi than a year ago Felts' was inaugurated on lines that II
fl for sumptuousness of appointment . and elegance of v
II contents was conceded to be immeasurably beyond &ft
11 anything in this line ever before seen in San Francisco, iy
Ij or, for that matter, in any other American city. \|
U. Every pair of shoes in the Felts stock is the very H
1' finest that skill and care can devise for the price 1
i charged and reflects its grace and elegance in every J
J line. That many of these shoes sold for $6 to $io a ||
j pair gives some idea of their excellence and splendid II
!f worth. That the Walk-over management intends "to .1 1-
dispose of this stock at once is evident from the fact §
that these $6, $7, $8. and $10 shoes, will all be. sold i'
The sale will begin next Wednesday morning at 9 I I
o'clock. Store closed to~day and Tuesday in order to I
assort the stock in two lots: . .^ !
Lot 1— All the §6 to $10 shoes will be sold for $4. 1
Lot 2 — All' the other shoes, including the $4 and £
$5 values, will be sold for $3.50. ' •'/
I The Walk-over Shoe Store, j
I . Successor to Felts, i
f 924=926 Market Street, J