that he, was attracting any attention. I
decided that this - particular Individual
dressed and undressed at his cottage for
his dally plunge In order to save th« ex
pense of renting a room In the* bathhouse
on the beach. H© probably figured that
"money saved was money earned." I be
lieved, too, that time- was another Impor
tant' factor taken Into account, by his
saving propensities. Hencothe bicycle.
Three. dry bathing Tsults, seated on a
veranda, apparently bef or* the morning;
dip, Interested me and I lingered' as long
as I could without attracting attention.
Two stunning; girls chatted In two of th*
suits, not at all darmtod by the fact that
Now It was mamma's turn to vindicate
her looks: ,ii
"Annlce, I am not fatT Don't let me heal
that vulgar word sgain. I may be a little
stout, but I'm sure It becomes my years
and gives mo dignity. You ought to be
able to think of some nicer word to apply
to my weight. With all the chance you've
had for schooling. What was, that word
I heard Mrs. S. use yesterday In regard to
me? I meant to write it down. It was
elbow, or onbow-something."
"Embonpoint, of ¦ course. All right,
mamma: If It makes you feel any better,
you're- embonpoint," chimed In the short
est girl of the party, who rnnst have been
mamma's own daughter, for her figure
was like the earth once was, according to
tfc« Bcrlpture, "without form and void."
• m _L. f -' ¦¦"'-""
This girl seemed endowed with as. much
good nature as avoirdupois, for she was.
neither withered nor dangerous when
mamma said:
"Now, for heaven's sake, Fannie, If w«.
meet Reginald on our way home, do try
and say something Bwell Instead of stand
ing there .In that dumpy, way of yours,
looking as blank as a Louisiana lottery,
ticket and pulling away at your wet bath-
Ing suit, as you did yesterday." Tney
walked on toward the beach, where doz
ens of others had already assembled tot
bathing or promenading purposes, accord
ing to their Individual endowments.
I etrolled back to the business street,
thinking of the unaccountable points of
view people seem . capable of ' possessing 1 ,
when I was confronted by a somewhat
6tartllng Illustration of this fact'
It was a. dripping bathing '. suit ap
proaclilng, on,, a bicycle.;. The- sult--or
trunks— appeared to contain an Intelligent
young man of many errands and ac
quainted with haste. He dismounted and
dripped Into the little pbstofflca near by.
A moment later he dripped, out again,
mounted his modern steed and sped away
toward tho cottages, apparently unaware
cfdedry fffectlre in Jogging memories &s4
preventing future Indignities. Several ar>
rests among the bathers at Santa Monica
last summer secured a proper condition
of affairs throughout the present season
and started the citizens of Long B««xta
discussing such a need at home.
Yes. Long Beach, you have a grierane*
I don't exactly know how much tlm« had
to elapse before this dawned upon you.
There have been murmurings from tla«
to time, but not until Santa Monica took
a stand did you assert yourself. Iadtr
nant protests havs been (he extent e<
your uprisings, whllo bathing suits corn
tlnued to abound in the- streets and noth
ing prevented them froza walking" tatm
Los Angeles when the wearers felt so In
cllned.: 8o tha present bathing season is
coming; to a close without any deficit* ao»
tion. Never mind. Long Beach— p«r&s.p«
by another year you will g-et around to do
something. We will await results with
much Interest, and In the xncanUa* w»
wish you well. Nothing succeeds Ilka no
cesi.
nor will they care until they encounter
something more substantial than threats.
Arrests themselves are so much more Im
pressive than Imitations and would be de-
Somsa Tells of a Fortune m Music
That He Sold for Seventy
•.//i ! Dollars.
•"The first piece I ever had published I
paid for." said Mr. Sousa. 'It cost me $23.
,.*„_, t . , , _
and that $25 was a great deal of money
to. me. an awful lot. Of course, the plec«
did not ssjll. Some friends of rnlne with a
great big gob of kindness in their, hearts
bought copies. I tnlnk about $4 worth,
But the rest of the world, though It was
h»m,n S n«, <u»«, p.M ii «,.n..on ...
the publication of my piece. It had not
found me yet. and the fact that I was dis-
appointed in the sale of my music did not
disarrange its machinery In the least The-
next/tlme I thought, I wouM try PMla-
of Lee & Walker and showed my two
compositions to the editor, with, whom I
struck up a' friendship tbat has lasted.
ever since that day. and that was In 1S72,
when I was IS years old. He played over
n«r Pieces and they sounded beautiful He
was a good pianist, and I never have been.
He made some kind of a cabalistic mark
on them: I suppose It meant 0 K., and
,sent me down to see Mr. Le«. -Mr. Le«
Hked the piece, but X w» a young ma,.
an absolutely unknown youn« man. and
all that—you know what they all say.
Still the pieces wer* very nice.- and they
¦ would publish them, giving me—I held my. -
breath—one hundred copies or each pi&c*.
"y "jllroad fare from Washington to
Philadelphia and return and my hotel bill
amounteS to about n3. aRd for that I wu
to get one hundred copies of each of my
two pieces, which would cost the publisher
perhaps $7. I thought that w&s prettr
hard. But I accepted. I supposed that
the music would be printed off r.g&t away.
"J£*-Jgf^«Jg« %*£*J%£
month» 1 finally got word that th«y m!«ht
get the piece out the following; quarter.*
" 'Now that you have made a hit. don't
those pieces sell?* "
hI^s^h^ h hJwo^A^^^i
by it wants something new.*
•• 'After a while I sold my compositions
for what I could get. anything from SS ui>
to $23. .Th* •'Washington Post March"
*nd the -High School- Cadet March" I
«££« S^iJSS .StffihS CoiT
roan of Philadelphia.*
•• 'And all you got out of them was J75r
"Mr. Sousa nodded. He did not seem
to teel bad about It. He seemed to think
J^— %g£?$ &?'%$ t&F*;
belIev£ that there are mor^ marches just
as good where they came from. Probably
he-has got over grlovia? about It tn tn«
laat tea years."—Ales Is e-'s ilagiilae*
&y Grace pern.
errs T Tx-ng Brarh this season T have
seen pome startling eights among
£ the bathers. What is It coming
ti -the once pious and ?tairf l.^rv.
Beach— the resort of the "Epworth
T_T.fT';<»— the home of the eminently re
spectaWe Chautauqua. with its modest
i (teachers. Its prudent mammas and
I'.? •..tra-ronvcntlor.a! daughters? After
the l.nr.s Beach reporters have returned
to town, v/ho woul'i think, to watch the
irrfTirosrhab'c rr.amm.is. tyTr.K comfon
er«= In '.he church basement and the unap
prcacbahle daughters clr. u e beside them
d< ' tffpJtik ri'institcii!r;ffshee_T£ i> .tj:.-U thess
self-sune people so phr.cked th* regular
z ¦¦•ns of Long Eeach by affecting such*
neglige lathing s=uits for promenades as
* in danger nf arrest under the code
f r Indcoent exposure?
But these happy resorters are not to be
Intimidated by the mere matter of a jail
or two; In fart, they have too much ccur
enr> tn evrn mend their ways to conform
h the regular residents* conception of
modesty. They Insist they are not doSr.g
snythJng Imprcper and these unreason
able citizens who are clamoring for a
grmtpr filFplay cf raodesty must, of
course, fce igr.cred while the festlre bath
ers go on their way rejoicing and shack
lr-i?
The protesting citizen? believe they have
)t righteous cause for their uprirings. "If
only the bathers would keep within s'.ght
of water in th«-Ir scant attire." is the
hopeless argument advanced; "but It Is
a common thing to see lathing suits a
mile from the beach. Instead of undress
ing in the bath house, they don their
iralti in their respective cottages, some of
them a mile and a half from the surf,
and rtroll down to the water, stopping to
attend .'conversations' on verandas of
the different cottase* along the way.
They 'mipht at least throw on a bath
robe, but no! It !s tos» much and ought
t" he stcpr-ed."
But what do the bathers care? Can
they waste time to dress cr be burdened
with bath robes when there is some one
to be discussed and a golden opportunity
presents itself? Besides, the character*
of the bathers are es •abl!sh<--4 above re-'
prcech snd could not be assailed. There
fore, if Colonel D must tell the 6tory
cf hi? life on an average of once a day,
he and his fair auditor will ptop on seine
veranda and pay a call while they talk
and air their bathing suits and charm*.
thereby killing more birds with the same
¦tone. "Let no one dare to question L"S."
they say.
Now. I -win admit that I had the ea.m»
tfeplors-bte views -entertained by the citl
tens—Ifcat bathing suits were meant to
war in the watpr. and I mu.«t confess that
I. too. Fympathized with the protesting
residents 'to their efforts to persuade th*
reporter! 1 to wear a few clothes, inciden
tal :y. vhrn they met In a social way: but
I f'^m to have an exaggerated Idea, or
what propriety comlsts of. For the pur
pofe of studying; the characteristics cr
lone c f the bathers and seeing the stand
points from which they figured out tha
unassailable Justice of their Adam and
Eve like habit.«. I strolled behind a party
that emerged from a cottage and caught
••.rains of their conversation.
The three women wore bathing suits and
iznlleV Nature had equipped two of them
better than the other a-nd had bathing
suits In mind, probably, at the time of
Ce?lgr>\v.g the favored ones. The tall girl
of the party, who wan Iea*t fortunate In
physical SLCCouterments. had pained, as
en offset; a liberal supply of sHf-esteem
and th« knowledge that It Is absolutely
rertsr.ary to «ear a "deadly swell" bath
!nj» suit regardless of her figure's limita
tion*. She held up her long, thin, aris
tricratlc neck proudly and now and then
cr;n<5*»FC<nded to hold discourse with her
companions In a enarp voice that Indi
es r <j a clear-cut character, whatever else.
I A ird her exclaim:
"iJlrtlle, what do you ruppose Ethel said
to rrs» yesterday morning when we were
s.k'..ig our dip? Ehe asked If I would
!¦_• C-z. & suggestion merely tor my own
g«M: fnlfl it was realty too mo my peck
•whs 50 thin nnd advised me to put a yoke
and collar in my suit; "Just to improve it.
of ccurse.' I5nt that the worst you ever
heard? Perhaps I didn't let her know
what I thcv.prht of her. without saying sn
in f.n many words. I told her If she ever
got a chance to so to Europe she would
find all the artists' Ideal women In sculp
ture p.r.d art hart thin necks and slender
figures; that 1 didn't find any fat women
perpetuated in art in all my travels. I
hope she took it. She's 20 Jf she is a day
ami as fat as mamma."
a stout gentleman reposed fn the other.
They were saying small nothings very
nweetly. One. of the- young ladles com
plained of a lame Toot, whereupon th«
other solicitously Inquired:
"Why,. perhaps If 5— excuse me, dear for
mentioning It. I know It's a delicate mat
ter to spenk of. even to you. and any on«
would be sensitive about It. but had ft
not occurred to you that It may be gout?"
Oh. woman! Lovely woman! I could
. not catch the rep'.y because of the clatter
of the chairs as they ro*e. The threap
c.ime down the walk together and strolled
toward the beach.
•'Isn"t It a perfect shame,** gushed the
blonde belle, "that the residents here are
making such cattish remarks because we
-''walk about In our batblng-sults? It's a
reflection upon themselves and show*
their poor taste. To the pure all things
are pure.' We must simply Ignore them."
The solicitous girl added:
"Why, they even threaten to arrest us!"
"That -».wou.l<i be Jolly hard lines,
wouldn't It?" eald the masculine center of
attraction. "I hope they don't get. me.-
Tm having the time of my llfe'tnts sum
men What do we carer*
¦ That is Just It. The bathers do not care,
ARE OUR BATHING GIRLS IMMODEST?— -aiFTY million dollars will bulla
If 3 * and equip a navy that could an
il nihUate every navy In the world.
•* This is the positive assertion of
Louis Gathmar.n, Inventor of the Gath
tnann system of ordnance, anfl Is mado
•tritli the proviso, of course, that the.
Ga.tiimann gun and torpedo are used in
the equipment cf this new navy.
Mr. Gathmann is a native of Germany.
He Is. however, a naturalized American
of thirty-five years" residence and a
BTeater portion of this time has been
spent in practical experiments with high
explosives. The predominating char
acteristic* of Mr. Uathmann's physiog
nomy are practicability and determina
tion. H© believes he has attained the ob
ject for which he lias been working and
modestly attributes his success to these
two qualities. The story of his invention
trom its inception, lils years of patient
labor and then the long eiege of diplo
macy in order to get the Government auf
fldently interested to meet the expense
of practical demonstrations Is most in
teresting, ae toid in his modest way.
"I regard the new gun as absolutely
perfect in every way," said he. "It was
built by the Bethlehem Steel Company
entirely under my direction. It is of
"nickel steel, of proportions that have been
<iemonstrated to be the ban for ordnance
construction. It weighs fifty-nine tons,
Is forty-four fo<t long and has an
eifrhtren-bore.
"Its distinguishing features are Its large
Dorc ar.d comparatively uniform thickness
throughout its length. Thi> is to eon
form to the peculiarity of smokeless
powder, which exerts a more uniform
pressure. Tlie remit in that you g*t a
very high, muzzle velocity with a com
paratively low pressure per square Inch
of gun surface. For In5tance. Ill a gun
capable of withstanding IH.OM pounds
pressure to the square inch you get a
velocity of lf<X» feet per second*.
"The Government required that the test
of the gun which has just been completed
should demonstrate a pressure of 18,000
pound? and give a velocity of 1800 feet per
eeeond. There- la no doubt that it Is capa
ble of both these requirements and can
•ven suptain a greater pressure and attain
a higher velocity.
"Of course, the tests thus far have not
developed the destroying power of the
g-un Tihtn my torpeuo ¦ is used. These
tests will bo made when the gun Is taken
to the Sandy Hook proving grounds, I
hope in the near future. The cost of the
pun has been JCa.O'Xt. and Congress appro
priated SlO.dcO more for ammunition.
•'"When the te-ts are made with the gun
cotton torppdoep," ?ald Mr. Gathmann, "I
want a chance to aim it either at an old
monitor or a structure built on land, with
at leaM double the resisting qualities of- a
modern l>attle t=hip. If a monitor is pro
vided it mu!=t be reinforced with, an extra
coating t,f the heaviest and best armor
plate that can be secured. In these team
1 also want a second monitor or structure
provided on which the best mins of our
modem ordnance shall be trained, for th«
purpose of poelng the superiority of the
Gethmann Fystem.
"I contend that one shot from my gun
trtli utterly annihilate the target, no
matter what it is. and to" bear me -out in
this we have the proof of the experiments
which I have already made in the way of
destroying armor-plated structures at the
Government proving grounds -at Sandy
Hook. "The photographs taken of these
structures before and after the shot were
liken by the Government and are a part
of the official records of the ordnance bu
reau of the War Department.
"The main feature of the G&thmann eys
tem lies in the construction of the tor
pedo. Outside of my Invention there Is no
known way to handle guncotton with any
safety whatsoever. It cannot be fired from
the ordinary gun in the ordinary shell
¦without bursting the Run an.i exploding
the shell at the same time. The novelty
. In my system is the fact that the fuse la
not brought in vital contact with the wet
ctuncotton in the torpedo until after the
projectile has left the ifun.
"As soon as the pressure of the gun on
the projectile Is lessened, or. In other
words, as soon as the projectile- ha? left
:he gtm a distance of say 600 fp"t, the fuse
'? thereby brought in contact -with the wet
£uncottnn and the least impact export**
th«> tornado. "
"The torpedo for thfs run la to welsh
IS0O pounds". It ts constructed so that
most of tho metal t» in the rear end. the
point being quite thin to make the im
wct more easily felt. This la true to such
»n extent that even If the torpedo In its
lisbt comes in contact with the water it
will explode. However. If the torpedo
itrlkcs the water within thirty feet of a
ihip and explodes at thnt point it will
ear a hole !n the ship sufficient to dla
ible it.
"The destructive power of these torpe
lors does not diminish by length o* range,
the maximum carry we will say is six
niles, and, unlikr the armor piercing pro
ectilo. its destructive force is Just as
treat after its force In velocity Is spent
is before, as It is the explosion that does
he work. Tho torpedo la loaded with a
ittle over 600 rounds of giincotton. and
hose familiar with the terrible power of
his explosive can Imagine what havoc its
explosion would make."
Mr. Gathmann was asked why in mak
ng tests at Indian Head in 1S97 one of. h'^
orpedoes had exploded in the breach of 5>
tun, causing its complete demolition.
"That happened because my fuse- was
jot used In that torpedo." he replied. "A
Jifferent fuse was used at the suggestion
af the ordnance officers. I gave my con
tent to this change, thinking- the experi
ment was worth trying. The result was
as I had feared it might be. All the crit
icism that has been made of my system
has probably come from thl3 accident,
when, as a matter of fact, it was not my
system that ¦was being tested at all.
"Several of my torpedoes had been fired
successfully from this pun previous to tha
ore which exploded before leaving It.
Many successful tests have been mad»
with my torpedoes fired from the ordinary
gun and of various calibers."
"I have expended over $25,000 of my own
money, and have exploded nearly 10.000
pounds of sTincotton in. the course of my
experiments. I became familiar with ev
ery known way of exploding sruncotton,
and at last hit upon a fuse that la abso
lutely safe.
"It is impossible to explode one of my
torpedoes before it has been tired from a
pun. If the fuse is lighted it will do no
harm. This fact has been so thoroughly
demonstrated in thf> various experiments
that have bfcn made under the ohserva-"
tion of the ordnance officials that I am
satisfied that most if not all of these of
ficials are convinced of the success and
superiority of my system of handling gun
cotton, and also of the practicability of
firing it from a high-pressure gun with
powder as the propelling fnrce.
"The natural prejudice," went on Mr.
Gnthmann. "against any new system of
ordnance is great. I was told by Admiral
Sampson that he could remember when,
shell's exploded by pnwdrr fiat came into
use. He said the officers and men were
so afraid of them that the shells were
hung over the sides pi the ship, where
they would do the least damage If ex- .
ploded.
"On the point of the future of the
Gathmann system I cm «ajr that * look
for an entirely new era in r.aval and land ;
warfare. There was a revolution in naval
warfare when the o'd wooden ships -with
their hundred suns were demolished by
the monitor. The day of the monitor ts
over and wo have gradually '< got back
asrafn to the ship of a hundred guns, but
of course it is an Ironclad shrp and much
more valuable in every way than the old
frigate The fault with the present bat
tleship is that It !s too big. It furnishes
too good a target.
"If I -were to predict a new cla.«s of
battleship I would say that it should not
make such a good target It should be bis
enough to carry a few of my guns and be
car>.-ib!e of withstanding the attack of the
modern' battl-shin at a two-mile range;
nearer than this it would not be necessary
to KO and its speed should be sufficient to
keep 'at this distance. One shot from its
battery would finish any ship afloat if it
«? ruck the ship or within thirty feet of it.
'•<(_-c P( » fr-r coast defense no commander
of a hcst"e ship would dare tr» came with
in range, under penalty of instant anni
"Wlth all this in view I contend that
nn-wder is the most potent asrent of civil
ization With such means of destruction
ind 'defense war would become Imprac
ticable nnd arbitration would be resorted
to as the only sensible way of settling dls- <
nutes The progress of the world since
the era of gunpowder has demonstrated
this -fact. If It had not been for gftfc.
powder America would to-day be lnh»
ited bv its native savages, for it wo old
have been impossible to Conquer them*
with their own primitive weapons."
The real test of the Gathmann system)
will come when tt Is attempted to nrg
torpedoes loaded with guncotton from tha
gun at Sandy Hook.
THE SUNDAY GAIiTi,
2
GREATEST GUN ON THE FACE OF THE EARTHWith an Aiglon for business and a La
Tosca for. pleasure, you can do very well
without furs; but If you fall In the -way
of 1900's sealskin temptations you mU3t b«
brave Indeed to resist.
The sweeping long effect Is emphasized
by Its Empire cut. Its short waist
amounts to hardly more than a yoke, out
lined by a stitched satin belt. This belt
clasps in the front under two fat rosettes
from which dangle gold ornaments. Tha
gold or silver ornament, by the way. is
the seal of this season's garment.
"La Tosca" Is the name of th© handsom
est cloak that 1300 has produced so far.
It sweeps almost to the floor, leaving Just
room for a flutter of the theater gown to
show below It. Black satin Is the correct
material for La Tosca: rever3 and collar
of Persian lamb are perfect, and the lin
ing may be in any shade of satin you de
sire, preferably ivory.
The black Aiglon is especially stunning.
It Is lined throughout with white cloth,
which has a Grecian key border of black
stitching. But the collar Is the most gor
geous affair. The shape of the Aiglon col
lar Is unique, being a tight turnover; and
the part turned over la wide enough to
give the tailor room for many flights of
fancy. In this case he has laid scarlet
and white broadcloth in sharp contrast,
bringing: them together In a geometrical
border. A black hat is the complement
of this cloak, and a single note of scarlet
In the hat will carry out the scheme to
perfection.
Thf» garment Is severely military ¦w'hen
fastened Its full length with tha silver
ball buttons that glitter down the front.
Unfasten these and throw back th» cape*
to show linings, and you have a dashing
outfit for a dashing woman.
Ion,"- she. has sported cloaks that ar» th«
envy of Paris. No sooner had feminine
Paris seen than It desired; no sooner ha a
It desired than It possessed. It went to its
tailor and demanded that a cloak be made
after the fashion of Sarah's. Its tailor
went to the theater and studied. * The re
sult was Alglons in shop windows and on
the streets. Not that they became com
mon—don't think that for a moment.
They are too dear for that. Only the
elite have dared an "Aiglon." Only the
elite ever will. They are trying not only
to purse, but to form, and their possessors
need not fear cheap imitation.
i.ie standing cloak collar. It breaks se
vere lines.
Collarettes are to be worn, and they are
patterned much after those of last year.
Fullness on tha shoulders is avoided; all
the length of the garment Is thrown to
the front and the back, and the fur on the
shoulder scarcely reaches over the'top of
the eleeve. And above- all, the law of
wearing the collarette never changes: It
is this. To wear It over a shirt waist is
Impossibly bad form. Don't ask why.
Look at the effect, and you will surely
see for yourself that good taste could nev-
er permit It. '
Outside of furs, we have come radical
novelties. Sarah Bernhardt is responsi
ble for the most dashing of these. The
Divine Sarah has heeii fit, In her latest
role, to "wear a swashing ' *and martial
outside," and as the young Duke In "Alg-
The Algion comes m various colors, of
which mode and black are the smartest.
It Is cut In two parts; the lowex is cape
shaped, having armholes and reaching be
low the knees. The upper Is a close cape
without holes, bo that the arms are left
between the two.
Fifteen years went by before another
rsan attempted a motor car again and
It was not till 1SS7 that Daimler produced
fcis first car. which, to do him Justice,
was the earliest of the really practicable
iTEhldes.
% dot Leno!r lived to see the motor indus
try attain enormous dimensions, to 6ee
fconoTB and wealth heaped on other men
tnd died In humble circumstances without
fcocor cr reward.
Ir: :i>C2 he produced a car driven by one
of his motors and this accomplished some
Fhort trips in the streets of Paris, after
which, for some reason, it made no furth
er progress. He seemed to have no luck,
his Invention v.as premature and beyond
the gratification of his hobby he had no
appreciation.
On January 21. ISCO. M. Lcnoir, a chem
ist, tczs granted a patent for a motor
flrlven by an explosive mixture of air and
C&s. He even used electric ignition; ob
tained from a battery and Rukmkorf coil,
end actuating a sparking plug very simi
lar to the sty!" In vogue to-day.
Tlsere ha? Just d'ed in France M. Lenolr,
Trfco, though poidem accredited, is without
icubt the father of the automobile.
Inventor of the
Automobile Died Poor
This stock Is Increasing by about threa
and a half tons a year. Four tons and a
half is minted, but a ton is lost by waste.
TJhls Is a small item compared with tha
120 tons which jewelers and gilders use uj>
every year, and none of this vast amount
is recoverable. France is the largest con
sumer of gold for the arts. She uses
35,000 pounds a year. Great Britain Is a
good second, with 34.100 pounds. Th»
United States follows next with 21.000
pound*. Some things marked "Mads In
Germany'* must be genuine, for her
craftsmen use 20,04!) pounds. Switzerland,
with her big watch industry, absorbs 1S.
900 pounds; Italy 9100 pounds; Russia 90C0
pounds, and the smaller nations the rest.
It is estimated, too. that In India gold to
the value of nearly $5,000,000 each year Is
withdrawn from circulation by natlv*
hoarders, and In other countries, bunchln*
them all together, a similar^ amount, ,
The amount of gold turned Into cola
each year by the mints of the world Is a
mere nothing to the huge quantity used In
gilding picture frames, painting signs.
binding book3. designing on furniture and
on pottery. The world's entire stock of
gold is about 1100 tons, but of this only
130 exists In the form of coin.
What Becomes of
the World s Gold Com
changed in the past few months, and the
fur Etons promise to do their best to car
ry it out. They make a short waist look
shorter behind, to say nothing of obliter
ating a long one. and they dip In the front
with a neat point or two rounding tabs.
They close tightly at the throat, and the
big revers make a chest protector that
all the druggists In town can't equal for
either use or beauty.
These revers are extremely broad ar.d •
pointed— more so than ever. They flap in
the wind and their bigness lends breadth
to narrow shoulders jpon which sleeves
have es yet no mercy. So the Elender
woman Is at her best In them and the
fetout woman none the worse.
The collars flare somewhat less than in
old days, but they stand higher. There is
nothing so becoming; to a long neck us
- » HEN'T they aVl'.ghtful?
A See how yr>u can bury yourself
!n the collars of them and disap
pear la fur. The co'ktrs and re
vers «nere ".ever M~por. It vh.-;ll bf> a Ma
con- cf •warm weather, no matter how the
•wind blows, for fashion is too old a iady
nowadays to o'.irjg to youthful follies, and
eh* no longer flirts lace collarettes In Jan
uary. "Or.e m:?ht as well be comfortable
cr-: keep ores health— why not?" she
lay?. "What's the use cf my counte
rs ncing influenza and pneumonia? Thry
might as well be snubbed first as last."
Bo it comes to pass that to be warn,
<* ¦wear cspos that flop tons about your
kr.fc? and furs that rr-ount hl^h above
your <"ars; thus are the late decrees.
The fur jackets for the com'.ns winter
ere supremely smart. Either Ions or
short Is stylish; anything !n between Is
tabooed. Long 3r.d rigid and English,
rcme cf then arc. reaching nearly to the
Jtnees: bet the Etons I -id faJ«r;io be th*
more popular, a? they have been before.
|A fur Eton, smoothly fitted In the hack,
rr.cyly frcrs^d in the front, is as Bwajp-
Cer a garment as anv woman, big or lit
tle, car. clothe herself !n.
Bealskin Is what it always has been
eiree Alaska was written upon the map:
th» ewellc-st material that a winter wrap
ear be made of. It Jakes perfectly to
tfce Eton rut. because of Its phort even-
Eess; nothlngr rise but b»aver can be
rr.n A ,n ro Fhapely. Th« peal is used by
itself, or iv. onmbir.atlon. Astrakan, ir«i:;k
cr beaver are pood for collar ar.d revera
and rive a handsome contrast In color
or ler.gth; but remember that in
as becoming against the face as seal it
eelf. It teems half a pity to line a collar
¦with «r.y other fur when you have once
tried on the Beat It will make any com
plexion delicate.
All of these fur Jackets are fastened as
of old with fmall froijrs that sink so deep
ly into the- fur as to ho urnotlceable. Or
razcental fastenings are in vogue thl*
year, but they are raved for the cloth
wraps.
The pester fgure lias cot essentially
TJUS 5UXDAY fiAT,T, t
3
Fur and Wraps fron) the City
of'Parls.
Poses by Querlta Vincent.
FASHION FOIBLES IN FURS AND FANCY WRAPSmakes it quite convenient for handy rer
erence. (Published by L.. C. Page & Co.,
Boston. Price, $2.) -
<&P <! HETHER it was a very nice
v\ )( // thing in Captain Coghlan to re-
Y/W cite Thc V° ern °f "Hoch der
° KaiFcr— Myself uni Gott" and
nearly brinj: thc United States into seri
ous disfavor with the German Emperor,
or whether it was very wrong in one of
Uncle Sani'F worthy captains to even
think tho sentiment expressed, much less
Fhout it forth In doggerel, fortunately is
rot a matter for the decision of book re
vlrwers. The verse was written, finally
pivc-n public hearing from official lips, ar.d
us it made a stir in diplomatic circles, to
Fay nothing of much outside comment, It
became famous at once. It has even been
hinted that the Kaiser did not object so
much to the sentiment expreesed as he did
•to the form in which it was presented, the
tone In which it was recited and the way
in which It was accepted. So many re
gorded it as a huse American joke that It
certainly might be considered enough to
FtiaKe even the most imperial dignity lo
cated upon the tor of the highest rind
most colossal pedestal ever created. Be all
that .->s ft may. the fact remalrj that the
captain tr.araecd to rurvlve and thc pnem
(or.tir.ued to exist. Thc latter has been
further perpetuated by an appearance In
book form, with an illustration for every
vpr «»._ These pen and ink sketches !»«•
Jr«?i- Walker are clever, being cartoons
of the Emperor des'pr.ed to further <rm
pha&lze thc rn^naUtles expressed in the
doggerel.
The original thirteen verses are given in
the book. To recall their f^ii to our
renders we v.T.l print the fi**.; and last
verses:
T>er KaiFer of cis F*stherlan<3
T.'nd Gett on hiirti all (lings command.
Ve tTrfw-arh! Lvrn't you understand?
Myself— und *JcU.
Tn fart. I huir.or efry whim.
Mit aspect cfcrk nr.d vijage grim;
Gott palla rr.lt me. ur<l I mlt him,
M;-FC-lf— und Gott'.
The follow.: r was published in thc.'^fe k
Hera 1 #.nd explains the way in
which the matter C3rr.e to be written:
The now r&mp-cr r-o*m whifh was recited bv
Oi ta!n Ccphlan durtngr his freech *«« written
¦un^.rr pecallW clrruir.5tar.ees in Montreal in
O r . tc j y , !i jgj;. The perm as it was in the
Drlflnal onr.siMed of thirteen verwe. not e'.Rht,
us pal lished throughout, the world durins the
la.=t two rears.
The occasion' vr>on which the poem wat
written was the Emperor William's speech upon
the- dlvic* risht of Kinps and his own special
¦nlstdoa u:«r rarth. At that time >. 1L It.
Gordon, a h"cotrV.man by hirth. and •whose real
pan t «?af A. SU-Grerr.r Rose, was a nemher
of the Montreal :;»>raM Ftaff. He had b'-en !n
th.» haiiit 'if writirijr ve.-ws upon different *ub
3»»ctf? atri was l^'.kefi ujmn as a very briRl't
fe'.lijtv in/lred. The city editor, rurn'.r.g -to him,
EaU:
•'Give us a r^rm. Gordon, upon the Em
peror."
In teen then an hour's time h? fjme<l "it
thirteen vrrst 1 ?, which T.ere entitled by him
"Kaiser & Co.. not "Iloeh der Kaiser.". The
injittt.r v.'?.s s*>nt up to the printer Just as It
var written, and bjr Feme mirtake the fore
rnnr, at the comglOBinc room only picked up
tipht versei in type, leaving the other five
verFf-s on the paHfy. The paper went to press
¦ rid ejorden. who was very particular about
hi« matter l>e!rs correct, trot one of the flrwt
copies r?T tl-e iwts. He at once saw the mis
take and the fr.rm was recast, not. however.
t>ef<ne a few hundred had been sent into the
mailir.^-rf-'-rr.s for the (t^'.kzi mails. Th' S
the fpet that on'.y eight verses w?re ccried rj
the paf^r? which prir.ted the poem at th"»
tirr.e. la th» Ff-cend edition it was given In
lull p.r.1 sir-ned A. M. n. OordCB.
A few mrr.thr «po Gonlon'n mind commenced
to fr.il. end he ¦was finally taken by a few of
h's neJuFparwr friends to Notre Dame Hos
p:ta!. P*or vedcB he lay a" helrleFs as a chili
and unable to reor,pn:ze any one. Finally be
pp.rFed away and was turied by thofo who haj
enjoyed his society. After this some inquiries
tcere r-ade a.- to *r!io he was. and It was
found that he carr.e orifrinc'ly from Zetland,
after hav.nr quarreled Tilth Ills wife. He
wrrkrd for a «=hort time rorae twelve years
ago on the New Tcrk HcraW and afterward
drifted all over the oountr>'. Fp^nding Feveral
vc«r« in San Krancifco. He then went to Mon
treal and remained there until the time of his
£<a:h. by The Abbey Tress. New
York. Price £0 cer.ve.J
Gcnealorical Notes cf the fimes
pcmily.
There are very, very few people living
who can make the proud boast of nir.e
direct ancestors v.ho came over in the
"Mayflower- in fact, not many who can
claim the distinction of one. The Inher
itor rf g'jch a h!gh honor, however. Is
r.one oth«>r than a wcll-kncwn San Fran
ciscan. Pelham \V. Ames, secretary of the
Fprir.g Valley Water Company, and a
prntleman prominent in the social and
ciub lif* of this city. Mr. Aries has pre-
F-rrvcd his ger.f-alogiral rotes and has had
them perpetuated for the benefit of his
children by publishing them in book form.
In h!.« dedication the author says:
aiy noar »_n:iiren: it nan frnen to me de
firable to preserve in permanent form *uch
(r*nf-f)\rifr[csil nntfis as I have, lent they bp lost
or tnisrlsid, and I am making them as complete
as legible.
r-PT.ir-t the (Jirert I:nps of the famille* of my
fathrr nn<1 mother and your mother's father
and mother, ther* 1 are ether* that are lrter
estbtg, which sre added In an appendix.
All our fam;lip« are of New Kngland, and
}->u l.av» no !»>•=* thnn nin.» direct ancestors who
ram» over In the firrt voyage of the Mayflower
Ir. 1(T<\ There p.re:
1. WILLIAM r.KADFTmn. Governor cf Ply
moiMh rr.lrr.y— ic;i-icr,3.
r WILLIAM MtaXXKS and
S. .ALirE MULLINS. his wife, and
« PRIFOILLA Ml'LLIXS. h'.e daughter.
5. JOHN* ALI;EN. who married PrUcllla ilul
line.
C THOMAS ROGERS.
7. JAMES CHILTOX and
B. EUBANJCA (-HILTON, his wife, and
S MARY CLINTON, his daughter.
With such a genealogical tree as this
Mr. Ames 1 book heocir.es interesting not
only to the Immediate members cf his own
family but to the public at large as a mat
trr of historical eignificance. (Published
by Cnbery & Co., San Francisco. Price
Heroines of the Blb'e
"H^rplnes cf the Bible" Is a very at
tractive volume by Clara Ersklne Clem
ent. The book consists of SGO pages de
voted to the lives of the women of the
E)!>!e and is illustrated with thirty-three
haif-tor.e rej-roductions from celebrated
jair.tir.p.-: by the great masters, which
naturally form a most acceptable addi
tion to the text— some of them have been
reproduced upon this page and will serve
t.» give an idea of the excellence of the
Ticrk.
The author writes with a high approcla
t\rn of art, of romance and of the beauti
ful. Her style is simple and direct, and
a* a matter of pure biblical history the
book is of worth as well as possessing
vclu« in the descriptions of the paintings
by the greatest artists the world has ever
known. She gives first the story of the
individual and then a description of the
paintings by the different artists and a
comparison of the varied conceptions of
the same subject.
As there might be a possible misconcep
tion of the title. "Heroines of the Bible."
It may be well to quote from the author
her explanation for the selection of the
word "heroines" as a part of the caption:
"I here use the word 'heroine' as denot
ing the woman who plays the most Im
portant part in a story; but did I wish
to give the word a strictly critical sense.
I should not know where to turn for more
romance, poetry, heroism— In Its fullest
signification— than I find In the lives of
the women of the Bible."
An Index completes the volume, which
teaching In a public school to support
herself and her drunken brute of a hus
band—la terrible and appeals too much to
the sympathy of the reader. Had It not
been for the skill of the doctor in operat
ing on the husband she would have had
that burden taken from her. But he is
cured, and as a result of the operation Is
left with paresis. He finally dies from an
overdose of an anesthetic administered
by his wife. ¦
The doctor loves Alves and wishes to
marry her. but Alves will not consent to
a ceremony, fearing his love would not
last and he would be tied to her, as she
had been to a man she did not love. After
living together for some time she reasons
that she has kept the doctor from suc
cess among people who were willing to
eupposed to be portraits, those who have
Known intimately the studio In question
will probably recognize more than a hint
ftt personal characterization.
Henry James calls his new volume of
short stories "The Soft Side." It will be
published toward the end of September
by the Macmillan Company. The titles of
the stories are: "The Great Good Place,"
"Europe." "Paste," "The Real Right
Thins," "The Great Condition," "The
Tree of Knowledge," "The Abasement of
the Northmores," "The Given Case,"
"John Delavoy," "The Third. Person,"
"Maud-Evelyn," "MIm Gunton of Pouf h
keepsle."
The new, handsomely illustrated edi
tions of "Elizabeth and Her German Gar
den" and "The Solitary Summer," which
the Macmillan Company have in press,
contain some very charming portraits of
the now well-known April. May and June
Babies in photogravure, and some scenes
from the windows of the castle. The Mac
n.iran Company has recently contradicted
the statement that has been going the
rounds of the press that tho Princess of
Please ia the author of these books. They
say that the author ia quite another per
son.
The publication nt this time of the
United States Government's history of the
Civil "War in 128 volumes of narrative and
thirty-five volumes of maps makes very
timely the publication of Colonel Thomas
I* LIvermore's "Numbers and Losses In
the Civil War." The work la based upon
official information contained In perma
nent department records of both sides In
the strusrsle. and gives the numbers en-
tlon, (Published by G. W. Dilllnghar*.
Company, New York. Price $1 60.)
Literary Kotes,
•'Sigurd Eckdttl's Bride." n new ro
mance by Richard Voss. author of "The
New God," will be published this fall by
Little, Brown * Co. The scene is laid In
Northern Scandinavia, the winters of
which among the snowdrifts and Icy at
mosphere of the mountain solitudes nre
described with remarkable skill. The
translation Is by Mary J. Safford.
Dodd, Mead & Co. have had to postpone
the delivery of Marie Corelli's new novel,
"The Master Christian," the number of
advance orders having made it impossible
to deliver on the date first announced.
Clmr'.es VII. They are well written sto
ries, tilled with intrigue, stratagem and
romance. One receives a very good idea
of the times and the condition of the Ray
court of Versailles. The description of
the King's favorites, the court beauties,
the. duels and the amusements ft the
court are well drawn.
The reader In reminded of th» French
romances of . Stanley Weymnn. (Pub
lished by L. C. Page & Co., Boston. Price
*l-2q.)
A Gentlemar) Borr).
In "A Gentleman Born" we have
glimpses of the most varied phases of
life In New York City. The purpose of
the book is to show the unchangeable
ness of the true centlemaji. no matter
One hundred and fifty thousand copies
was the total reached before publication
in England and, America.
"The Marble Faun" can be { had In a
variety of forms to an extent true o* al
most no other modern work. But a new
edition is announced by Messrs. Hough
ton, Mimin & Co"; It Is in a single volume,
printed from large type, and will have six
teen full-page -half-tone illustrations of
views and statues and buildings that most
attract visitors in Rome.
Miss Grace Marguerite . Hurd's novel.
"The Bennett Twins," .will be published
this month by the. Macmillan Company.
It was announced seme little while ago
as a lively study of life among sbme art
students in a famous New York studio.
While the characters of the story ax* no*
. . . - - - - .. ¦ -
The Web of Life.
Robert Herrick has adopted the realistic
style in his last novel, "The Web of Life."
The scene is laid In Chicago about the
time of the great Pullman railroad strike.
The hero, a young physician, has decid
edly socialistic tendencies, and through
the whole book there Is a vein of dis
gust for the "new rich" of Chicago. Mr.
Herrick does not idealize his characters,
but plainly and tersely portrays three
types of the "comfortable rich" — the
speculator, the railroad magnate and the
fashionable specialist.
The book Is strong and Intensely Inter
esting, but it is to be regretted that the
author dees not use his strength and' force
on some plot that would leave a better
impression on one's mind.
The pathos of Alves Preston's life—
patronize him. This, with the haunting
fear that he will hate her because of her
crime, causes Alves to kill herself. Dr.
Summers, who is but an average mortal,
mourns for some time for the woman who
gave her life for him, and after two year3
marries Louise Hitchcock. She is a girl
whose social position , the doctor once
scorned. She Is well fcrcd. of not much
depth and one who' "handles her world
with perfect self-control." After his ro
mantic past Dr. Summers settles down to'
humdrum conventionality with much ease.
The book Is really good, and the title,
"The Web of Life." is well chosen. (Pub
lished by the Macmillan Company, New
York. Price, $1 50.)
fit the Court of tfoe King.
"At the Court of the King," by G. Hem
bert "Westley, Is a book of., very interest-
Ing historical romances of France during
the reigns of Louis XIV, Louis XV and
what his environment may be.
The hero is stolen and placed In th»
home of an Italian Inhabitant of tho
Bowery. Later ho is found by an Irish
contractor, who ndopts* him. Yet when
he is sent to Harvard he takes his place
among the best bred and richest men at
college. He distinguishes himself as an
athlete and a scholar and is a college
hero.
After graduating he leads a wild life in
the metropolis. At the end of a year of
this llfo in the Bowery, where he fre
quents races and opium, dens, he emerges
unscathed and with the true instincts of
a pentleman still uppermost.
After a varied career In New York as
partner, of his adopted. father he discov
ers his real parentage, ia united with his
family and restored to his rightful posl-
•
clajr Parsons, the American engineer who
secured valuable railway concessions from
the Chinese Government last year. Mr.
Parsons treats the subject from the. stand
point of commercial opportunity and de
velopment and brings the STeat emplrw
close to our Interests through the medium
of trade. His Intimate knowledjf* of the
country, of Its people and resources etves
his statements more than ordinary weight
and fits him to speak authoritatively of
the ••yellow terror" and the future* of
Asia. The work will be fully Illustrated
with photographs taken In China by Mr.
Parsons and his assistants durlnff the past
year. '
Major General Jacob D. Cox, ex-Secre
tary of th« Interior, finally r«Tt»«l. a few
days before nJs death, the proofs of Ms
article on "The Bherman-Johnatoa Con
vention." which will appear In the Octo
ber Scribner's. It, therefore. Is the last
expression of an astute military crttio on
a much-disputed episode In tn« career of
General Sherman. Henry Norman, the
author of 'The Peoples and Politics of
the Far East." begins In the same number
of Scnbnw's a most timely series of arti
cles on "Russia of To-day." The artlc.es
are founded on a recent trip through Rus
sia and over the new Siberian Railroad,
undertaken for Scribner's Magazine. Mr.
Norman's knowledge of the politic* of th*
East makes these articles of the greatest
interest In the present international crisis.
They will be profusely illustrated.
Henry T. Coates & Co. of Philadelphia
announce for early publication a n«w is
sue of "In the Pale: Stories and Legend*
of the Russian Jews," by Henry Illowlzi.
a book dealing with the life within what
Is officially known as "The Pale of Jew
ish Settlement." In Russia, and of which
the author speaks with tt« authority of
personal knowledge. The book was flr«t
printed by the Jewish Publication Socl
efy of America for its subscribers anrt
the new issue, which will be Illustrated
and enlarged, will brlrj? before the gen
eral reading r«rtl!<* pictures of a most In
teresting people amid surrounding ths*
nre little known or urderatood. It was
the Jewish V-ibllcation Society f^r whom
nnrl at whose suggestion Mr. Zar?will
¦vvrotp his "Children of the Ghetto." th^
first issue of which was also to this so
ciety's subscribers.
Thp " T ifp nf PuritTWTi" to be !.«»5uert by
LStfl". Frown & Co. Is the work of Charle-»
ITpieht Farnhsm. a r»r«rnn' friend of the
the historian. "In MW!." writes Mr. Farn
ham in one pi«?"P. "he comport wttB mo
a rrorth on the HatlsrWl P.ivrr— thp first
time thin lover ef r.-ild life hnd been to
the woorts tn fortv vp-irs. A .leliehtful
r*>mpanJon 1"«* *•¦".". interested in nil the
labor? and pleasure* r>f ramp llfo. choer
ftil aril tntient nr;der all cIrgiimstHrtoos.
• • • The most * loter^Hnc mnnffes'i
tiort rf hi" per-"onn!ltv was hi* mute nr>
proarben tn native after so manv yean
of f#— j»r-iti.-n. He vovlil !nok up at a
bo'.d bluf that r.rofe <*e»-#T»l hundred feet
above t>>e rlvpr. f>-; if l':>:n to «.-nle one*
r'ere roch lofty cliffs. Of en ftfl would g^t
Ifto the rnnw nn<1 float rtown the rivor
f~r r» jrMrrp^ 0 of i>>:r neighbor*, a •»mMy
of benver. I r»rall most vlvMlv his «»x
*t»rt w»k eff j-'to thr *!ep*Jw of, ttm
Hirert as I opcp took r-v r^-l anl ptdrtTed
away to give him a day of solitude."
It I.* now nprircrt t>at nrr.lfl all ttin
tKTTfli rn-l stress rf TCr-tvc'-v Y'e an-1
yrere-.- or«* rf the n^t. if r> n t the mont.
pi e i,, rP cnue nnrtionr. bt »Tw rtfnte hns been
neelrc'ed. ju--t why Kentr.c'ty , auth-ira
BfcfilM Vave confire,? t^^•!r studies to C^r
trnl or Southern Kcrtuc^y is hnnl to d>
torrrinr.. -i* theve section* rf
the suite, have l°rs been worn threa/3
b?>re In Hten»ttrr?. Why authors ir^
search of an inspiration have alHwe'iH
the rwctreii northern section of the SCata
to escnre them is dlCcUtt t^ ansv.-er.
The northern section !* pictcfesqtte in
rcenery. unique in character study, ant!
full of historic?! a^soeiationss. Thi.» land
and thirs people hP.ve remilred unknown
to the readers of the WorM from the day
of Daniel Bnorc tf> the present. "Strir!?
town on the Ti^e." a row pnv»! dmitOng
with the northern pnrt cf Kentucky,
shou!d therefore ari^nl f> all Kentuck
lan*. and to novel rer.f'ers gr»r.ernllv. a* a
*tuo}y of life in a land ot'ncw and evrtoca
charm.
Henry fT. Centfs & Co. have in ?tp**
"The Weird Orient." a series of mystic
Eastern tnle* a!so by Mr. RXawtzt.wltonaa
put into concrete shape some nf the
legends and traditions in which the Orunt
sry fruitful and which hnve net hitherto
lOisnil their way into print. The-*;? were
fathered rlurinjr a lengthy residence in
Tetuan, Morocco, that typicnlly Oriental
town, where European thought and civili
zation have as yet made no ir.road. but
where the Eastern life still dreams en in
the unfcrokon slumber nf cenmrlea. Him
self a Semite, the son of a Kahbal!s»t and
therefore with a strain of mysticism in
his Mood inheritance, with a Ion? resi
dence amorer Enstern penplo* and a fa
miliarity with Eastern lanRiiagea. and in
the other hand, having 1 been h|srhly edu
cated at European seats of learning, and
finally having labored for years In Amer
ica, in religious ministration to hla nwn
people. Rabbi Iliowizl should have excep
tional facilities for interpreting to tho
West the mind and heart of the East. In
his book will be found a curious version
of the legend of the Wandering Jew.
which, although probably much older than
the one currently familiar, will he new to
most readers and la perhaps of greater
psychological interest.
Books Received
gaged and the. lo?scs sustained In the lone
contest between the North and the South
iSrsi'^r? ton -^ mn & c °- **» p^ :
Hou&hton, MifSln & Co. will shortly
group in what will be known as the TSToU
able Series" eight popular books: Dr
John Brown's "Rah and His Friends."
Lurroughs "Indoor Studies." Harte's
'Story of a Mine." Hawthorne's "Marble
Faun Miss Howards "One Summer."
Howells "Their Wedding Journey." Miss
Jcwett's "Deephavcn," and Warners
"Sauntetlngs." The volumes are well
printed and tastefully as well as substan
tially bound.. '
McClure. Phillips & Co. . will publish '
early this month a notable book on China
to*- bo less an authority tfcao "William Bar-
NAPOLEON III AT THE HEIGHT. OF
HIS POWER-By Imbert de Salnt-
Amand: translate by Elizabeth Gilbert
Martin. Charles Scrlbner'a Sons. New^
York. Price $1 50.
AFIELD AND AFLOAT— By Frank R.
Stockton. Charles Scribner's Sons. New
York. Price $1 50-
INDIAN CLUB STVINGING-By Frank
E. Miller. The Saalfleld Publishing Com
pany. Akron. Ohio. Price SI.
HOCH DER KAISER— By A. McGregor
Rose (A. M. R. Gordon). The Abbey
Pre«s New York. Price ,C0 cents,
j PO' "WHITE TRASH. AND OTHER
ONE-ACT DRAMAS— By Evelyn Green
leaf Sutherland. Herbert S. Stone & Co.,
Chicago.
THE WALL STREET POINT OB"
VIEW— By Henry Clews. Silver. Bnrdett
& Co.. New York. Price *1 50.
VIOLA OLERICH. THE FAMOUS
BABY SCHOLAR— By Professor Henry
Olerich. Laird & Lee, Chicago, Pri«!e^)
cents. ".:• . ¦
THE EARL OF CHATHAM— By Lard
Macaulay. Cassell's National Library.
New York. .Price, in paper. 10 cents. *,v ?
NOTES FOR THE GUIDANCE OP
AUTHORS— Compiled by William Stona
Booth. The Macmiltan Company, Ne\r
York. Price. la paper. 23 ceau.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
4
BOOK REVIEWS AND LITERARY CHAT.Civilization, says the Ledger Monthly,
makes women more beautiful than all the
barbaric arts and resources of primitive
life, and it is because of a misconception
of conditions that any ascribe to . the
habits of semi-civilized people a cause of
any special beauty among their womeu.
Primitive life is harder and more difficult
for womankind than that found In highly
civilized lands. The outdoor life of the
former does not entirely counterbalance
the evils of unsanitary surroundings, hard
drudgery and lack of Intellectual associa
tions. It is only modern civilized nations
that have given to woman her true place
In the scheme of humanity. Her emanci
pation from servitude and unpleasant con
ditions have yielded more direct benefit"
than any other transformation of her ex
istence.
fneir. wives ana children and sweethearts
—three dead men come up from their wat
ery graves to haunt us."
1 The colored "woman toppled over In a
shuddering fit. The girl bent; over, the
tFap door. The effort strained every
nerve and muscle, but the trap door
sprang open. The men, dripping and
numb, climbed out.'.
Now the girl's superb courage has re
turned.. With folded arms she faced them.
"I reckon you've got the best .of it now.
Shoot me AX' you will. , You'll T have to be
right smart to catch them ; they're miles
beyond -your .reach by this time. -Shoot
me if you must, but I could not. let you
drown." '
Tha men shook their heads and turned
away. , : . . - ¦•'
Swiftly. th« girl made them hot drinks.
Afterward the deputies learned how a
light had been placed aloft as a warninu
the moment of their arrival and the men
busy digging for "moonshine" mads tholr
•scape. ¦ t : . .
The girl told them that sha had .begged
and implored ' her - brotheri andj loror to
Jrrorcssor weaa.ro Liomufmu, me uiouu
guished criminologist, comes forward and
assures the world that the one great rea
son why the Boers are such stubborn
fighters Is because their blood Is richer
than that of other nations. His article
on the subject appears in the current is
sue of Nuova Antologla.
According to him, tfie Boers of to-day
have In them the blood of four nations,
namely, the Dutch, the French, the '
Scotch and the German. Dutch blood pre
ponderates, but with It, we are told, r Is
Intermingled the precise quantity of
French, German and Scotch blood which
Is needed in order to produce such valiant
warriors as the people of the Transvaal.
2 In order to obtain exact knowledge • of
the point Professor Lombroso made - a
chemical analysis of Boer blood, and then
he compared the results which he had ob
tained with those obtained by Herr Kuy
eer, a Dutch scientist who had been work
ing In the same direction. . The conclusion
at which ha has arrived is that tha Boer
blood Is composed of 78 per cent of Dutch
blood, 13^ per- C egt of French, y per cent
the underground cellar.
"This comes of thinking women harm
less critters," grumbled a< deputy; "a man
could never have played this trick on us.
The worst devi* this side of Hades is a
she-devil."
"My God, whai*s this," said Adler;
"they're going to drown us like rats."
Eure enough, the water was' creeping In
through some unseen hole and the cellar
was gradually filling. It was Icy cold and
crept higher and higher. In vain the men
wadedaround seeking the inlet. The
crafty moonshiners had evidently planned
It well, and In their absence the. girl and
colored woman had carried out the plan.
"Sh! She's saying something," and the
men splashed to the trap door. "You,
down there," . came her voice, sounding
sweet and far off; "is the water wet?"
"1 done for think you • g-entlemen may
catch cold unless you take some whisky—
yes, help yourselves, gentlemen"— this
from the darky.
The men gritted their teeth and made*
no reply, "You down there," called 1 the
luck. A barber will sometimes try#i razor
and if he does not find it sharp enough
pick up another and change to a third
In finishing.
It is comforting to know that there are
many more chances for receiving good
luck than for bad luck, the New York
World assures us. A person Ignorant of
all these superstitions has the percentage
of chance in hl3 favor. Very good luck
is invited by the man who has his shoes
polished at the same time he is being
shaved. It may be due partly to this
superstition that this time-saving device
Is becoming popular. It Is advisable to
smoke while sitting in the barber's chair
throughout the operation. This Is said
to preVent the face from smarting or
burning afterward, no matter how tender
the skin may be.
Still another lucky practice is to ba
shaved before breakfast. The good luck
which follows, It Is said, will follow one
all day. The shaving must be done by
a regular barber. If one- shaves himself
the charm is Ineffective,
or the belts. A second and they na4
their candles lighted.
"What's happened?" asked tha dazed
deputy, coming to. "Happened; you - —
fool, we're shut 'in. Here, you black
devil up there; open this ¦ door or we'll
make a sieve of you."
Not receiving an answer they fell to
beating on the door with all their
strength, but the door stood firm.
Then they turned their attention to find-
Ing some other method of escape from
THE WAY MCKINLEY MADE HIS START
There are romances of war which al
most reconcile one to its grim tragedies,
because war alone can weave the threads
and develop the qualities of heroes, says
Success for August.
The civil war had scarcely broken out
when a sturdy lad of 17 walked into th»
recruiting office of John C. Fremont, the
great pathfinder, in an Ohio town.
He simply asked to be enlisted and sent
to the front. His eagerness was noticed
by the veteran plainsman, who spoke
kindly to him and ordered that his nams
be enrolled.
There began a life romance which cul
minated in the White House. The boy
was William McKinley. He was assigned
to the Twenty-third Ohio Regiment, of
which Rutherford B. liayes was colonel.
At Antietam came an incident which. In
my opinion, is one of the most thrilling of
that awful war. Lee had pushed his vic
torious legions Into Maryland. Stonewall
Jackson was by his side. Longstreet was
in the front of the fight— all on the South
ern side. On the Northern side were Mc-
Clellan and Sheridan, grimly contesting
every foot of the advance. On the flrst
day of the battle. September 17. 1S62. th«
troops on both sides fought with such des
peration that r.o less than 23,000 men were
wounded or killed. On the second day,
from early morning. Lee's terrific fire was
directed upon the Federal line which had
been turned against his right. On tha
banks of the creek, to the left of tha
bridge, was the Twenty-third Ohio.
Colonel Hayes had been wounded shortly
before at South Mountain, so he was not
in command of his regiment that day. Ha
was in the village a few miles to tha rear
watching the smoke of battle In agonized
unrest. General Scammon was in com
mand In his stead. Away to the rear was
the commissary sergeant of the regiment,
waiting for orders. As the hot and dusty
day wore on and evening fell this ser
geant grew impatient to be at the front,
not to fight, but to carry food and firtnk
to his exhausted comrades, who had had
neither breakfast nor dinner. Finally he
hooked up two wagons, called for volun
teer drivers nnd started for the front
without orders. As he approached th«
front one team of mules was shot down.
With the other he pushed on. braving tha
leaden hail and the bursting shells, and
succeeding In reaching the boys of bis
command.
How they cheeretl him as he drove up!
A few minutes later General Scammon
rode up to ascertain the cause of tha
cheering. Instead of reprimanding th«
boy he thanked him for his thoughtful
ness and bravery and permitted him to
distribute- the refreshments under fire.
With his own hand Sergeant McKinley—
for It was he— passed around cups of
steaming hot coffee and liberal rations of
bread and meat. The fight was main
tained right along. The battle proved to
the North that Lee could be defeated.
Colonel Hay en was so pleased when ha
heard of this exploit that he asked Gov
ernor Todd of Ohio to commission the boy
a lieutenant. This was done September 24,
1SCT.
Thus In one brave boy's life ther* has
been a triple romance— his enlistment by
a Presidential candidate, his recommenda
tion by another man who became.Presi
dent for a commission, and finally his own
accession to the chief magistracy of th»
nation. ,
Another very dangerous" practice Is the
not common one of using several razors
for a single shave. Two razors are al
lowable, but to use more than two even
for a moment is said to bring very bad
You cannot be top careful about hav
ing your chin shaved before the mustache.
If you persist in having the upper lip
shaved flrst you will never. It Is said, be
able to raise a good beard.
about the neck drop out before one is
shaved. This catastrophe indicates that
one will be cut soon by a barber's care
lessness.
side of the face In one shaving will Insure
good luck for some time. Should this be
done Intentionally, however, the charm Is
completely lost.
It Is well to remember that if one con
tinually sits with legs crossed In the bar
ber shop the hair is likely to come out
early In life, making a man prematurely
bald. The habit, which is a common one,
should, therefore, be reformed before it
is too late.
A very bad omen Is to have the towel
•=ipHERE are scores of superstitions
Ij connected with the barbers* chair
11 which xaany people believe in im
plicitly. Barbers will tell you that
your luck for an entire day may be made
or spoiled by the way you are shaved. A
barber who hop«s to please nowadays
must not be an artistic barber, but well
Mr.forrr.ed on all superstitions.
Mary men who are perfectly rational
on roost rubjrets have a superstitions fear
of the III luck of the barber's chair.
These fupcrstitions vary conriderably in
different cities. It is a very common be
lief, howevrr. that for a barber to lather
th«» face with a single stroke of the brush
Inevitably brings bad luck. Many people
will sharply abuse a barber who makca
this mistake.
Another omen Is that if a man takes a
barber's chair immediately after a negro
hap vacated It he will be badly cut while
being shaved. It is not uncommon to see
a man wait f=ome time for another chair
rather than expose himf-elf to this dan
ger.
It Is considered very bad luck to see a
hunchback in a mirror standing or pass
ing back of One. This omen Is said to
foretell a death Jn the family.
There is quite as much good as bad luck
to be encountered.
To be shaved by a redheaded barber.
for in£tasce,_is believed by many to be
» sure cure *>r rheumatism. There are
% vrral redh • led barbers In New Tork
who have kept customers for a long time
en the strength of this superstition. It
Is also comforting to remember that to
be accidentally cut twice on the eazna
; Mr. A. A flier! who nar- j=;>«*r.t hi* n«v»
and r.lghts these many years shed
n "ir.» the siippory moonshiner. Mr.
Adler is a Deputy Marshal in the United
F:atcr Fi-rv!r,\ with headquarters In New
Tcrk <";•;-, tut he Hits here, there and
everywhere, ever in the wake of the n-.oon
t-hinpr.
It isn't a very safe pursu'.t. thl«s trailing
of mcor.fhiners. Mr. Adlcr's fare is a?
<:ris\s-crosrc-d cs a l'orslar. rus. lie hr.s
fears l»eyond count, a broken Jaw and
half a dozen bullet hole?.
But for every scratch he ha« received
the moor.Fhir.crs have been rensM with
Interest. It> a pnrr.e of give and tak-.
and the moonshiner fre:ierr.!!y gets the
Brent cf it in the scrlmmag-.
Moonshiners are not unknown In th*>
North, but it is under the Southern sfcios
that they flourish. Just why this climatic
preference it is hanl to s-r.y. But the
n-.oon.-hirfr'f motto mirht roll be:
Kentucky. O Kentucky. I love your
wooded sharle*.
Where flit the p-raceful fi?urc« of dark
eyed Southern ma'd?;
IThere the biros an» twittrrlnjr in th<»
blue pr.Tfs newly born.
Where th» corn Is full of kernels and
the colonels full of corn.
The refrain could Ju?t a? well read
TT.rfffce "r any other mountainous
Be-Ethern State. Is it really because there
If a crrater <"eman<l that the moon~li'n<?r
pitches his still in the South, cr Is it be>
r2'jiR*» :h<» mourt?.!nf?rs of the South are
mire dar;-? in their defiance of the laws?
Whatever the reason, certain it i? that
nowhere else are there «o many men who
r.rc farrr.^Ts by day and moor.shlners by
r.i-rht.
Cade Sam demands thr.t he who under
tr..'tr<= to distill spirits shall pay for a li
fcns^ entitling him to UiwfuMy conduct
a distillery. Now. the moonshiner is
mr-rr-ly a man who ne^le^ts to fro through
the little formality of paying for a license
Ho lays ur.dfrgrour.d pipe*, buries his
*¦!!'.!. barrels his whisky as "cider." nrd
tfce rraf.ts aro cnjraoi;«.
Th<rr- i? only orif drawback. Ur.cle Sam
Coesn*t Vitie to do th'.ngs by halves. Hav-
IniT ma<Je a law he has a habit of «cfincr
rhat it Is enforced. And there is the rub
la this business of digging for "moon-
FhJne.** The doors of the prritentlary are
r.'.v.viyr rwinglac wide welcome for a
rr.'xir.rhinf.r anil there'? always a United
States Deputy eager to introduce a moon
shiner to the warden.
Therf are moonshiners and moonshin
ers. Tho5<? who ply their Illegal work on
a snail «ca'e an<3 those who play for
hftrrr stakes and— take bipr^er chance?.
One of thi? most thrilling experiences red
!<*:• r^d in Mr. Ac!<>r's memory v.-as with
the latter genus of mocr..=!ii:i<»r. Word
wps rereivM at the general office that a
land of moonshiners with a still in the
rr. our. tains were flooding Kentucky and
Fatiffyinar it? michty thirst with un
licensed "booze."
Mr. Adler and two other deputies were
detailed to locate them and bring them to
Justice. They dr*»w up .it nightfall before
a rambling house perched dizzily on the
mountain's inline. A girl answered their
knock, and in response to their request
for a night's lodging nodded, and told
them to stable their horses.
The three men sat down to a delicious
PouthTn sapper, served by a colored
""Ear. Sa\f» for this servant, tlie girl
was evidently entirely alone in th« house.
She passed hark and forth several times.
as glorious a specimen as the blue-grass
country can produce. The men wondered
whether the girl had guessed their pur
pose.
"Where are your m»>n folks?" ventured
Deputy Adler. '
"I reckon they'll be here right soon:
they're down at. the place below hyar."
The men finished their suppr-r in silence.
the- colored woman clearing away the
GOOD AND BAD LUCK TO BE MET IN THE BARBER'S CHAIR.
thing-?. Through the opon door they could
see the girl. She was fitting at a table
reading.
The deputies quietly agreed to first
search the house before venturing out for
the moonshiners. Undoubtedly some of
the contraband goods was barreled In the
cellar. It was not unlikely that the still
was there.
"Have you any cider In the housj?"
asked a deputy. The girl flushed and
looked very much embarrassed. "I reckon
there's some in that bottle," she answered
In a faltering voice. The man drained It
at a quaff. "Come, come, my girl," he
paid, "there must be more where this
comes from. Give us a bumper. We've
had a hard day's ride."
"There is a barrel in the cellar," an
swered the girl, "but It's dark down thero
and—"
"Lands, honey, let them go down them
selves," Interrupted the mammy.
The colored woman opened the trap
door. It was dark as Egypt down there.
The girl brought the lamp, and there, sure
enough, were the expected barrels. Two
of the men descended the ladder, a third
Btandlng near the trap door. He stood on
the top rung of the ladder, his head bent
eagerly to watch the others. Pale us a
Jlly, but erect as a soldier, one rounded
arm holding the lamp high above her
proud little head, stood the girl.
t Suddenly the man on the ladder felt a
stinging pain. He caught a glanco of the
colored , woman's triumphant face, then
nil went black and h« fell In a heap at
the foot of the bidder. Crash, the trap
door closed, and the men heard the click
same lepij, *r. 1 ' """.¦" .,,,~ * —
brothers and sweetheart, honey."
"The water, the water." wailed the girl.
"Mammy, don't jou feel it creeping up?
Ugh; it's so death cold!^ I can't drown
them: they're my fellow beings. Mammy,
do you reckon they've wives and Bweetr
hearts?" As she spoke she kept moving
nearer and nearer the trapdoor, but her
wide, frightened eyes were turned on the
colored woman.
"Three dead men," chanted the girl,
edging still closer to the trapdoor; "three
dead men, with the water always drip
ping from them." The colored woman's
eyes bulged from her sockets. "And
gin again, "put on your ruDDer ooots. 1
reckon you need them." And Indeed the
water, though It flowed . In very slowly,
was now up to their waists. The men sat
on the ladder, but they had been drench
ed through and through wading around.
The minutes flew"." In- that 'flooded cellar
the men sat on the third and fourth rungs
of tile ladder, and* even then their feet
touched the ¦ water. Upstairs the girl
crouched at the colored woman's feet,
wringing her hands. "I can't, I can't, I
can't- do it," i she murmured over and over
again. And always "the mammy made the
...,»«- »n1v "Th»v would have killed VOUr
quit tne moonsnlnlng business. The dep
uties found their craftily burled still half
a mile from the house and confiscated ail
the liquor.
Did her brothers and sweetheart ever
come back? Certainly not. But perhaps
she Joined them In a country v.-here they
could begin their lives all over again.
You musn't ask too many questions of a
United States Deputy Marshal.
It was In Northern New York that Mr.
Adler received a bullet that has given him
a limping gait. The deputies had traveled
for two days through a blinding snow
storm and upon reaching the house found
the moonshiners warned and ready. They
exchanged compliments -with their pls-
tois, and one of the moonshiners was
killed outright. The others -were siren a
free ride to the penitentiary, but not -with
out leaving a bullet hole In Mr. Adler'i
leg.
Sooner or later all moonshiners ar«
brought to justice. But others spring up
to fill their places and it keeps Uncle Sam
and his deputies busy rounding them up.
•They're bound to get caught." says Mr.
Adler, and he ought to know, for la his
many years of service he has met every
variety of the moonshiner.
So. young man, and you would a moox»
shiner be, remember the old adage that't
as good as new— "honesty Is the beat pol
icy."
HOW LOMBROSO EXPLAINS BOER BRAVERY
MANY theories have been advanced
In explanation of the dogged per
severance with which the Boers
have carried on their struggle to
maintain their independence, and now
of Scotch and S p«r cent of German. 'AS
obtainable statistics, he maintain*, point
to the correctness of theas figures. In
conclusion h© asks: "Such betas th«
chemical composition of their blood, what
Is there astonishing In the fact that this
mixture of the four be»t nations of Xnrop*
In a climate which la not enerrattnx and
In which an energetics mode of life 1* nao
essary promises to form of the Boeri ft
select people who will prove themselves
the bulwark of liberty and ctvllliation
and who will be a race superior to all
those of Europe?"
Scientists attach a rood deal of weight
to Professor Lombroso's views on a mat
ter of this kind. Nevertheless this artlola
has startled them a good deal, and for th«
simple reason that the figures which tt
contains are. to say the least, bewildering.
The Boer blood, says the professor. t»
«mposed of four elements. Quite pos
sible, reply the scientists; but how can 71
cent of Dutch blood. 12 per cent et
French. 12 per cent of Scotch and S per
cent of German make 100 per cent of Boer
blood, for do not these figures when added
together make a total of 105. The mis
leading figures, it Is thought by some,
may be due to a typographical blunder,
but such does not seem to be the general
opinion.
"The supposition that there Is a mistake
In the figures," says a French writer. "Is
hardly tenable, since statistics are an ex
act science and a statistician like Lom
»broso is not likely to make a mistake of
this kind. No: the figures themselves art»
correct, although the theory based on
them may seem highly improbable. They
furnish. Indeed, as they stand at present.
an additional argument In favor of Lom
broso'a theory that the surprising valor
of the Boers 13 due to their blood, since it
can readily be seen that a nation ought
to be unusually brave whose blood Is
above par and is rated at 105 per cent."
A plausible explanation of the puzzling
figures is that the 73 ought to be 73. The
Boers in this case would have 5 per cent
less of Dutch blood than Lombroso as
signs to them: yet by this simple change
they would be freed from the charge o2
being abnormal, which b now brought
against them by certain phlllstlnes, who
maintain that those persons cannot be
normal human beings the elements of
whose blood exceed 100 per cent.
THE SUNDAY CALL..
CIVILIZATION AS A BEUTIFIER
5
MY EXPERIENCES WITH MOONSHINERSCHAPTER XTTT— Continued. <
THE admirable civil service he had i
built up was as much and as valua- :
Me a part of China as the land Itself, c
The possession of any branch of t
It formed Just as much a pled-a-ferre for 1
further encroachments as the possession 1
of a harbor did. If Russia claimed the <
right to collect th<? customs duties at Niu- i
dbwxag Japan wftu'.d make the same 1
claim for Fusan and Fuchavi, Germany
for Chefu. Great Britain for Shanghai •
and the river ports. Italy for Arnoy. '
France for Lungchow and Mongtre, and 1
jwrhaps the United States for Tientsin;
enfi. as for himself, his occupation would '
t.<» gone, for the Chinese Government j
¦would hold him responsible for the loss
of Its main source of revenue. But to '
whom was he to turn for help? He was '
en Englishman, ar.d England arsd Airier- \
Ira were the natural defenders of the
open-door policy which preserved the In- !
fgrtty of China; but England ar.d Amer
ica had look«*i on the seizures of Port
Arthur and KTxochau without lifting a
hand, and they were at present too full '
cf their own troubles to interfere on any- ,
thir.g short cf direct proof of Russia's
ultimate intention. It was entirely a case
cf diplomacy; he wanted something in
Ms hand, no matter how unsubstantial,
en which to make time by a "bluff." t
M. de Samovar had accurately foreseen
this perplexity, and had anticipated r.oth- j
lr.g more serious J.«ian the usual Chinese .
delays in acquiescing to the inevitable; .
and he did not expect any reply to his ,
request until he should reiterate It.
To hi* astonishment he received the very i
next morning the following dispatch, •
formally sealed and addressed to H. E. |
Mor.sieur de Samovar, H. I. R. M.'s Envoy i
Extraordinary ar.d Minister Plenipoten- i
tlary to the court of Peking, at the lega
tion, Peking, China, and carried across
the street by hand.
"Sir: In reference to Y. E.'s verbal re-
Cuest of yesterday, that a person of Rus- i
elan nationality be appointed to the Com
mlsslor.ership of Niuchwanp, I have the
honor to inform your Excellency that
Fuch a step Is not at present contem
plated by this department. I have the
honor to be. sir. your Excellency's most
obedient humble sen-ant, T. Perlcord,
Euperlntcnder.t general of the Imperial
revenue dejiartmrnt of China."
When M. de Samovar received this, his
expression was not amiable. "What does
It mean, Roupcnsky?" he said to his sec
retary. "What can the man have to
rely on that he dares give me a flat re
fusal like this?"
"I expect we shall f.r.d. If we send the
boy to inquire, that he Invited Conger and
MacConaM to a pame of whist last night.
You know nothing will outbluJT an Amer
ican. When they have said a thing you
can never tell whether they will weaken
until you call their hand. It couldn't be
Macdonald, for he would have had to
rffor the matter to his Foreign Office,
End Lord Salisbury Is too deliberate to
answer over the wires."
"Well, there It Is. It is meant for a
defiance, or he would have been careful
not to put it on paper. It means that we
have got to teach "the Yamen once for
all that the Russian Minister, and not
this nondescript Scotchman, dictates what
shall and what shall not be done in North
ern China."
"And that can only b« done by a Rus
sian army within the walls of Peking." /
"Before e'.x months are out that shall
liar>pen." paid M. de Samovar ominously.
"Russia, as the champion of peace, must
be, the first to Insist that the persons of
envoys be respected. There are symp
toms In the air that Peking will not ba
cafe for foreigners this summer."
"Tour Excellency has a fine weather
•ecse." murmured tha secretary, sup
pressing a smile.
At about the same time the printing
«fflc« of the statistical department at
>£hacsrhal was wagging Its head over tha
follo'wlni? telegram received that xnorn
lrg from Mr. Pericord:
"Gazette. Fourth assistants A. Sub
'•tltute tiaatt&ched for resigned after name
of Blake in this quarter's issue."
"That la tha first time I have ever
'"known the 8. G. to change his mind,"
eald tha statistical secretary: "and be
ioT9 v« go to press we eha.ll have an
other wire telling us to ehove him up
Into the third B's. I am glad for Blake,
foT he is a steady, hard-working fellow,
and tha only thing against him is that ha
epeaks Chines* too well to please his
1 Commlseioners."
Tbe Revenue Gazette referred to Is pub
lished quarterly at Shanghai liv a yellow
bounsl book of no meager dimensions, and
ts to about a thousand men en the coast
a publication f.tr more eagrrly aw&lted
than a new Kipling volume by fiction
msr-laes. It records the rank, promotions,
transfers, leaves and dismissals of tbe
EtaiT. It 1* divided In five parta-the in
door staff (foreign), the outdoor staff
(JorcJra). Indoor staff, clerks, linguists
and Biropens (native); outdoor staff, boat
men, carpenters, weighers, watchmen
(native), and the Coast Survey and Light
house departments. Tha Indoor staff is
divided Into t«n grades— commissioners,
ectlng commissioners and assistants in
charge, first assistants A, first assistants
3 :. second assistants A. second assistants
B and so on. the lowest being fourth as
sistants B. The whole service Includes
eipht or nine hundred foreigners and three
or four thousand natives, distributed
emrng some thirty-five ports opened by
treaty to foreign trade. Over all theso
the S. G. watched with autocratic eye.
The conduct of at least six hundred Indi
viduals of this huge staff was the subject
cf his personal monthly ccrut!r.y by means
of secret reports. Never seeing them
tave by their photographs on joining, he
knew the character and habits of each,
registering them cumulatively as tha
years went on in his mysterious ledgers,
eo that at any moment and at any place
he could put his finger on t'.ie right man
for an emergency. And so the Statistical
Department ha/1 ceased to wonder when
the S. G. individually dictated tho entries
In the Gazette concerning an Insignificant
assistant like Blake. Blake had been dis
missed In January, but the Gazette was
not due till March, so that his resignation
waa not known outside of Peking.
Harked as "Unattached" he might re
main lost to view for a year without for
feiting his right to reappear In his or
dinary vocation. Many so-called "unat
tached" assistants are engaged on special
missions which it Is not advisable to ad
vertise.
What was tha reason of these two
prompt volte-faces on tha part of tha
methodical B. G.?
CHAPTER XIV.
KCEI^LIEN'.
In the previous chapter we recorded M.
5e Samovar's bombshell demand for a
new Commissioner at Nluchwang. As
=oon as he had departed Mr: Poricord,
deep in perplexity and with his head
sunk on his breast, returned slowly to his
=anctum. His movements about the
house were always quiet, and all the
loors opened noisele.-sly. On entering hi*
study he surprised tho boy Kuei-Hen
within.
His mind bclnp: Imbued with fears of
Russia, he associated the lad's Intrusion
with the thought of Russian Intrigues;
perhaps he was a spy, like Valda.
"Since >ou appear to be taking the placa
of my boy. Kuel-lion, you may brln? me
my tea." was all he pal.l.
He sank into a chair ar.<l drew from a
pigeonhole marked K (R) « bundle of pa
pers. In turnir.s? them over he lighted on
nne which had certainly not been placed
there by himself, for the paper was of a
different style to that furnished by Par
kin & Gotto to the Revenue Department.
Mr. Poricord scrutinized the paper
closely. He had little doubt that it had
Just been placed there by the new ser
vant, and he supposed that it wa* a
ppurlous dispatch to conceal the theft of
some important document. But he ha<I
no sooner glanced over it than his face
betrayed something like excitement. It
was a translation of part of a dispatch
from M. de Samovor to Count Muravleff.
Although not entire, it bore the date and
preamble, which made It clear that it pre
tended to be a reproduction of the letter
stolen from the courier by Blake. This
only Increased Mr. Perlcord's suspicions.
It seemed to explain the mystery of the
mail robbery. M. de Samovar was trying
to Min.l him (Mr. Pericord) by putting
into his hands a false statement of Rus
sia's Intentions which should have every
appearance of being authentic. Having
failed in the first Instance through Mr.
Pericord's refusal to read the stolen let
ter, he had now bribed this servant to
place in his desk an apparent translation
of that letter. He recalled how the new
piccolo player had been thrust on his at
tention by M. de Samovar, and he had, no
doubt that Wang was a spy.
When he read the document all these
pupplclons were scattered. There could
be no doubt of Us authenticity and gen
ulnene*s.- The stolen dispatch had indeed
been a bona fide communication, In cipher,
and this was unmistakably a bona fide
translation of that cipher. The whole
process of decipherment was shown, as
may he seen by the anglicised rendering
of ono sentence, which was, however,
spread over four lines of meanlnglesi:
[query.
Mohat blgotlzmef lateris add note-Mht
Bgtzmf Itrs ad ntqr Niu Chwang must ba
ours.
The disclosures contained in this confi
dential dispatch were such as the Min
ister could not possibly have desired Mr.
Pcricord to know. They frankly revealed
Russia's intrigues in Manchuria and Rus-
Eia's secret understanding with Germany
regarding the open doer question, 'xhey
contained a reference to France which
alone was sufficient to detach that power
from the Russian alliance. In fact, this
was an Instrument in Mr. Perlcord's
hands which, without any diplomatic
pressure, would enable him to stiffen the
back of the Tsung-11 Yamen to resist Rus
pia's interference. He had merely to
make certain hints in private conversa
tion with M. de Samovar to cause that
gentleman to withdraw his demand for a
Russian Commissioner at Nluchwang.
Tha placing of the paper In his desk at
that Juncture was Indeed the work of a
friend. Blake's loyalty In intention he
had never doubted, but now he was com
pelled to suppose that the person who had
instigated Blake had also been loyal.
That person was Valda- Valda had pro
tested a gratuitous devotion to him in a
manner which It had been cruelly hard
to doubt. But what had the piccolo play
er to do with Valda a.nd Blake?
Kuei-llen brought in the tea. Mr. Peri
cord, while apparently absorbed In his
documents, studied the youth attentively.
His own face, had he known It, afforded
a curious study. One might have thought
that he was indulging in a reprehensible
espionage.
"You have thick hair," be said, lifting
the bov's heavy queue as it fell on the
arm of his chair when Kuel-llen stooped
over the tea tray.
The boy's hand trembled so that he
spilled the tea; his face crimsoned over.
Although the remark was natural enough,
Mr. Pericord's voice had quivered as if
it had required a strong effort of will to
utter tho words. So a younger man's
voice might quiver when venturing the
first tentative word of love to a proud
beauty. i
"They say our hair grows long because
we cut it in front." faltered tha boy.
bending low over the tray. There was no
light save that of the open grate In the
room.
Mr. Pericord stole a glance at the white
¦calp visible beyond tha rim of tha neat
skull cap. H» noticed th« shell-like deli
cacy of the boy's small ear. Although,
when the eye is used to It, the Chinese
custom has a distinct beauty of Its own,
Mr Perlcord seemed to see something pa
thetic and regretful in that neatly shaven
temple.
"Yao pel-tang, tung-chia?" said tha
boy, holding the sugar tongs. It was the
first time he had been allowed the privi
lege of waiting on the S. G. In person.
••Two lumps, please," replied the S. G.
absently, in English. The boy, who pro
fessed Ignorance of English, dropped in
two pieces of sugar.
"Don't go, Kuei-llen." Mr. Pericord
murmured, apparently busy with the pa
pers on his knee. He always took his aft
ernoon tea in his armchair, seated by the
fire. It was his only hour of relaxation,
apart from his morning hour in bed.
Mr. Pcricord made no allusion to the
strange document, but said presently,
with the air of a man who Is trying to
solve a doubt, "Will you bring your whis
tle, Kuei-lien, and play to me?"
The boy was proficient on all simple
flute Instruments, and could produce from
an ordinary brars whistle melodies well
adapted for a small* roum.
Kucl-Hen obeyed, and seating himself
on a low Btool on the opposite shadow of
the fireplace, played some of the old and
simple ballad airs which were Mr. Perl
cord's favorites. The S. G. listened with
his chin resting on his palm. At length
he moved- and, stooping over the arm of
the chair, reached for a big violoncello,
swathed in an old green bag. He tuned it
a little and scraped the chords.
"See if you can accompany me, Kuei
lien," he said.
After snatches of some of his stereo
typed band pieces, the S. G. passed im
perceptibly to a new Russian love song
which had appeared In Peking: for the
first time that •winter. Introduced by Miss
I5erislcoff. The boy continued to accom
•pany without wavering.. Indeed, he whis
tled the air with the facility and expres
sion of familiarity. Independent of the
'cello's subtones. The singular duet pro
duced a pretty harmony, and at one pas
sage In the song the deep, low wall of
the strings seemed to speak like the Im
passioned voice of a man.
When Kuel-llen ceased of his own ac
cord the air of the darkened room was
quivering with human emotion. The walla,
or the atmosphere, of a small room, es
pecially in the gloaming of firelight, have
the sympathetic capacity of re-echolngr,
for a little while, the unspoken passions
of the soul which are Interchanged In
music. Mr. Perlcord, who had a sensitive
Imagination, evidently felt this myster
ious Influence, for he sat for some min
utes In Pllence, his bow hanging idly from
li!s hand. He uttered a deep sigh. Then,
In a voice full cf sadnes3 and regret, ha
said:
"Thank you, Kuel-llen; I mustmot de
tain you any longer."
The next day the piccolo player was re
lieved of further personal attendance on
the S. G. He was net dismissed, but, on
the contrary, removed from the servants'
quarters In the rear of the compound to
a small sleeping room In the house. Ills
duties, however, were quietly taken from
him, and he was left to amuse hlmselt
how he might, with certain Implied re
strictions which would prevent him com
ing within sight of his master. The other
servants supposed that the boy was to go
through a course of study preparatory to
promoting him to a subordinate clerkship
en the staff, a step that would have sur
prised no one, for Kuel-llen was obviously 4
"above his place." Had there been any
women In this ascetic household they
might have whispered that the S. O. had
private reasons for shunning the sight of
his beautiful as Saul sometimes
shunned David.
The room allotted to Kuel-llen had at
one time been n boudoir, and the books,
photographs, ornaments and piano had
never been removed. This isolated room
was situated Immediately over the S. G.'s
study, and was connected with It by a
long disused speaking tube. Here th«
lonely lad was Eometlme. heard playing to
himself.
In spite of the opportune Russian docu
ment, Mr. Perlcord evidently did not ab
solve the boy of all Suspicion. He had no
sooner dispatched his curt reply to Mr.
Samovar than he had misgivings concern
ing Its wisdom. Indeed, In many things
his usual clearness of action seemed to
be forsaking him. He was often preoccu
pied, as a business man will sometimes
be by domestic cares. A slight sound,
especially the faint echo of music, would
disturb him.
Meeting Mr. Samovar one day he said
to him:
"You have no news of Miss Berlskofft
M. de Samovar?"
"I believe her to bo In Shanghai," re
plied the Minister.
After some hesitation the S. O. said:
"The piccolo player whom you Intro
duced to me bears a remarkable resem
blance to your ward, M. de Samovar."
Mr. Samovar laughed frankly. "I don't
wonder; he Is Valda's brother!" Then ha
told Mr. Pericord tha facts of Valda's
birth.
"Of course ! you attribute all sorts of
base motives to me now, Mr. Perlcord,"
he concluded with the same air of frank
ness. "But I declare you would do me
an Injustice. Ton know what Chinese and
their relatives are. Valda had, unknown
to me, renewed acquaintance with her
, precious family, and, of course, they pest
ered her for foreign positions. This "Wang,
after all, played the piccolo well. But If
you have the (-.lightest suspicion of his
honesty send him back to me. My at
tache, Vasslllch, has taken a fancy to
him."
Mr. Perlcord did not send: Kuel-llen
back. Nevertheless, he was informed
i that the boy sometimes slipped out
to the Russian Embassy, and he
• appeared by no means set at
, ease by Mr. Samovar's explanation. ¦;>¦.'.;;'
CHAPTER XV.
. THE OPENING OF THE TEAR 1900.
, In the meantime had come and pone the
: great festival of China New Year, which
» heralded in the twenty-fifth year of the
i unhappy Emperor Kwang Hsu, the fifth
. cycle of the Manchu dynasty ho repro
l sented, and the last year of the nine
teenth century of Christendom. This
s nineteenth century had been almost as
, pregnant in change and prophecy for
t China as for Europe. It had seen tho
i steadfast encroatftiment of "Western Inno
vations on a civilization which had en
> dured without change for over 2000 year*.'
: It had suffered the shock of three foreign
. wars and witnessed the Introduction of
, militant Christianity, of modern weapons,
9 of foreign loans, of telegraphs, of rall
, ways. It had felt, what made a far deeper
• Impression than the burning of the Sum
i mer Palace or the destruction of the Pel
yang fleet, the suave but inflexible gTlp
» of a methodical and conscientious for
5 elgner on the collection of the revenue,
- and watched with Impotent jealousy the
sure extension of hl3 fingers until In the
• ramifications of a great civil service they
- spread over all the corners of the empire
i and threatened to close In on the very
likin and land-tax, which supported a mil-
I lion of proud but greedy extortionists.
- In fact, solid and impenetrable aa was
- the bulk of native conservatism, no ob
» servant Chinaman could leave his Inland
. home without realizing that an Irresistible
encroachment had taken place and could
8 never be pushed back save by tho ex
• termination of every foreigner, and every ,
o convert to f orelgnlsm, within the limits
- of the empire. ;
For Europe and America, on the other
e hand, the year 1900 was welcomed with
n rejoicing as the eve of the 'millennium;
II the threshold of that twentieth century
which must surely witness the culmina
f tlon of scientific socialism, bringing with
f It the sublimation of enlightenment and
d the universal dominion of peace. It was
- to be the century of the brotherhood of
h nations; a liberty, fraternity and equality
h which should include even. China in ita
if benevolent embrace.
>, On this day it waa the custom for all
t the high mandarins of the Tsung 11 Ya
men to pay their respects to the legations
!- In a body. The appearance of these cav
alcades, these processions of eight-bearer
•- chairs, this sea of sign-poles, this swarm
t- of conical-hatted retainers and , peacock.
S plumed secretaries, In the quiet precincts
And all the time in the surrounulni*
streets and for miles und miles through
out the monstrous city the increasing
and reverberant din of crackers and can
non-seemed to be sending a tocsin of un
holy revel, as If the stolid millions had
awoke to a consciousness of their con
'glomerate strength and were indulginr
in war dances of defiance and Insult.
Even New York on the Fourth of Juiy
On previous -occasions there had wont
to be a show of at least a spurious cor
diality and empressement on, the part
6f the visiting mandarins; the glass of
champagne which they took at each le
gation assisted the hollow cheerfulness.
But this year every one noticed an Im
palpable something in the bearinar of thene
visitors which rendered cordiality impos
sible. They seemed, with one accord to
look on their foreign hosts with a sort
of shivering curiosity, as if behind them
they saw ghostly apparitions. It was ob
served that at the German embassy they
refused to take wine. The whole cere
mony was felt to hav9 been a fiasco and
every one was relieved when It was over.
¦adors, like tributary states, as contempt
ible as Korea. And the stolid millions,
whose din around them was like the
hoarse murmur of the sea against an islet,
took note of this official contempt for the
foreigners and looked curiously through
their gates, wondering how soon the sig
nal would come to divide among them
selves the spoils within.
of Legation street, brought home to tti*
observer in a most startling: fashion the
isolation and "taboo" of the foreign Min
isters in Peking. Only then did one real
ize how utterly Ignored were these repre
sentatives of the great powers by tha
court to which they were accredited. They
lived as unnoticed in one small street of
the vast city as any Insignificant colony
of Shansl Mohammedans or Mongolian
camel drivers clustered in reed huts out
side the northern gates; as unrecognized
by the high society of the capital as tho
Chinese colony in New York. The im
perial city, the home of the Government
of the empire, the center of all the In
trigues which they were here to take a
hand in, was to them literally nothing
more than a wall; none had over entered
its gates, walked in its spacious avenues
and wondrous parks, nor even, from tho
parapet of tho Tartar wall seen more of
Its thronging palaces than a glimpse of
yellow tile through the tops of trees.
Twice a year these powerful represent
atives of foreign states were permitted
to bow before the Emperor's efflgy— and
even the poor boy himself was but a
waxen effigy— in one of the pavilions out
side the gate; once a year the great man
darins of the Foreign Office condescended
to pay an official visit. Social intercourse
there was none; the legations were sim
ply tolerated and ignored, and the real
capital of China retained Its haughty se
clusion unbroken, treating Europe -and
America, in the persons of their Embaa-
missionary riots all along the valleyof the
Yangts«. Another spell of ten years wit
nessed the Japanese war, the invasion of
missionaries into the remotest provinces,
the seizure of Port Arthur by the Rus
sians, Kiaochau by the Germans and
Weihaiwel by the British, and finally the
projection and active construction of rail
roads everywhere, as if all obstacles had
been overcome and Chtna existed only as
the happy hunting ground of foreign cap
italists, while its ancient prejudices, iU
proud mandarlnate. Its secluded court,
were ignored as Images whose day had
passed forever. r i -*¦".¦
This railway enterprise and foreign en
croachment was most conspicuous in tha
two northern provinces of Shantung and
Chili. In the mountains of the Shan
tung promontory, peculiarly sacred to the
memory of Confucius and the cult of Bud
dha. German mining engineers were pros
pecting everywhere under the escort of
German marines. Tho hardy and Inde
pendent natives Vrere being handled dlc
tatorially by the Iron fist of German sol
diers. It was a treatment to which they
were not used. Chu. the Governor Gen
eral, In his capital. Chlnan, felt that at
any moment a German agent might set up
a Yamcn of his own and reduce him. the
"Viceroy, to the position of a mere figure
head, t:ntil such time as the whole prov
ince, with its population of twenty mil
lions, should be openly annexed to Klao
chau. In the face of thl3 menace the Gov
ernor called upon the people to form
themselves Into a volunteer militia and
practice drill at home. The idea had first
taken root during the Japanese invasion
in 1S95.
The same thing was going on In the con
tiguous province of Chill. A great trunk
railway line had been- projected to con
nect Canton in the extreme south with
Peking In the extreme north, a distance
of over 2000 miles, crossing the River
Yangtse at Hankow. This was being en
ergetically rushed forward by Belgian en
gineers, who, by the spring of 1900. had
already a hundred miles open from Pe
king to Paotlng-fu. In another direction
from Tientsin northward to Shankalkwan
and Nluchwang, a system was growing up
in the hands of British and Russian en
gineers which would speedily connect the
imperial province of Manchuria with the
Trans-Siberian trunk line. This activity.
desecrating as It did all the superstitions
of the people, aroused a feeling of unrest
similar to that in Shantung. The Emperor
(In reality the Dowager Empress) Issued
an edict encouraging the people to form
themselves Into volunteer corps for the
defense of their homes. In this way the
Boxer organization was established.
Now as soon as the Imperial sanction
raised this secret society to the rank of
a national organization all the other
secret societies, heretofore as much
against the Emperor as against the mis
sionary, felt that their time was come to
revel in anarchy and bloodshed, "mey
would for the time being drop all notions
of rebellion and cloak their designs under
the patriotic cry. "Expel the foreigners.
They began with the native converts to
Christianity, slaughtering them wholesale.
The anti-foreign feeling once let loose,
the foreign Ministers at Peking wero
thunderstruck to perceive that China was
still as retrogressive as ever. All these
railways and telegraph poles. Instead of.
as they had fondly hoped, heralding the
dawn of a new civilization in China,
simply served as red rags to the bull of
fanaticism. Still they did nothing. Lega
tion street had for bo many years been
worried by the cry of wolf that It had
long since adopted the weary conviction
that nothing could be done and that If left
alone the trouble would die away of its
own accord. So. whenever a despairing
cry from some poor missionary who saw
his toll of years swept away in a mo
ment arrived they put it in a pigeon Lole
and politely hinted to the Tsung-H Yamen
that there appeared to be some slight dis
turbances In the provinces, and the Chi
nese Ministers as politely assented, with
the grave assurance that the usual im
perial edict would be forthcoming and
their excellencies need have no anxiety.
Such was the state of things at the date
• «f t*i#» rnirine race meeting.
CHAPTER X\X
THE RACE MEETING.
The cup race- of the International Club
was the principal social event of the Pe
king legatloners during the month of
May. After that the tropical summer,
which followed close on the heels of win
ter, rendered riding uncomfortable, and
In June the ponies were put out to grass,
not to be brought back to the stables till
September. Apart from a little pig and
deer shooting In the winter, riding was
almost the only amusement of the young
men of Legation street. Every one kept
one pony: most, even of the youngest ju
niors on $100 a month, kept two, and a
considerable number of them kept quite
ambitious racing stables. Their mounts
were the sturdy Manehu ponies,. many of
which were descended from a cross by
the British cavalry mounts turned adrift
after the occupation or Peking In 1S60.
They came down in droves of shaggy
grass-blown mustangs or cayuses in a
virtually wild state, when the very smell
of a foreigner made them ungovernable,
bo that they could only be mounted by
first throwing a bag over their heads. In
this state they are called griffins. After
the Peking foreigners had taken their
pick, buying them at from $20 to $50, the
droves passed on to Tientsin, and thence
by steamer to- Shanghai, where they
fetched at auction from $30 to $100.
But no one would recognize the unkempt
grrlffln in the close-clipped, well-groomed,
superbly muscular form they presented
after a month or two of beans and wheat
and hard training. Then one saw that
the Mongolian pony makes one of the
best military mounts in the world. There
were upward of 200 of these spirited
beasts in the stables of Legation street.
This was noted by one of the great
princes ¦who were wont to grace the
spring meeting with their presence.
"Do you see that, Yu?" he said to his
companion, as a score of young legation
men cantered on to the course, as spick
and. span as their ponies. "We could
equip a couple of squadrons of light cav
alry on those yang ma, which would ride
around any of those Cossacks they can
bring up for the first threo months at
least."
-•i ; J
cannot compare wltn fn© smallest Chi
nese village for fiendish revelry of none
when • China's New Year comes roun.V
And Chinese crackers have at least the
: . '''' +
The winter had passed away and the
ice of the Pelho melted, bringing Peklns
once more in'touch with the outer world.
With the advent of the first steamer from
Shanghai, earning a swarm of merchants
for Tientsin and syndicate mongers for
Peking, the somber mediaeval atmos
phere, which had reasserted its sway dur
ing the closed months, seemed to be dis
sipated by the revivifying Influx of West
ern civilization and American enterprise.
But only at the first flush; old residents
of the north could not long shutUhetr
eyes to a something In the air, an unea*l
ness, a mysterious and ominous agitation
like that beneath the oily surface of a
whirlpool, which reminded some of tho
peculiar v symptoms which. In 1S70, had
preceded the massacre of Tientsin. On
that occasion China, always stolid and
impenetrable to, the outward eye, had been
convulsed in all its prejudices by a treaty
which had opened the interior to mission
aries; and the result, after two years of
Imperceptible seething; had been the sud
den and fanatic outbreak which resulted
In the barbarous killing* of a ecore or
more of Catholic nuns and priests, as well
as of the French Consul himself. Then
followed twenty years of acquiescence,
culminating in 1890 in a 'series '-of anti-
"And they would feed tha foreign devila
for th« name length of time, after we
have cut off their provisions," responded
Tu gloomily.
"Ah, I am glad you mentioned that,
Ho-chl," eald the Prince. "We must see
to that when the time comes. "We must
pen them all up in one legation, hey?"
"That Is the first thing to do, your
Highness."
The man thus obsequiously addressed,
•who rode a. larce piebald pony, was a
swarthy and big-limbed Tartar, magnifi
cently clothed in semi-military costume,
and surrounded by a brilliant escort of
Manchu princes and Chinese mandarins.
A gloomy hatred seemed to hang on his
brow like a thundercloud as he j pat
haughtily watching the assembly of for
eign fashion in the grand stand opposite.
The foreign Ministers, as they trotted
past, bowed to such of the nobles aa they
were personally acquainted with, but .
without formality, since these in the
Prince's following were uninvited guests.
Invitations to the grand stand had Indeed
been issued, but had been ignored by the
Prince. Prince Ching. on the other hand,
together with such of the Tsung 11 Min
isters as could afford to defy the Tartar,
were to be seen in the inclosure sur
rounded by the brightly dressed women
of the legations.
Sir Claude Macdonald. a graceful cava
lier with melancholy face and sweeping
mustache, rode past, accompanied by Mr.
Conger and several ladles. He nodded fa
miliarly and indifferently to the Tartar no
bles, allowing them to see that they were
of far less importance to her Britannic
Majesty's representative than the
thoughtful, sturdy republican on one side
of him. and the brilliant Chicago belle on
the other.
"Who Is that farmer-like fellow who sits
5n his horse as If he -were a sack of rice?" s m^
nqulred the Prince.
"It Is the Flower Flag minister, your
Highness." replied the ex-Governor of
Shansl. "In America they never gallop,
secause their cavalry Is only used to per
form long marches."
"The man has a srood face," ?a!d the
F»rince. who. outside his hereditary hatred,
was of generous nature. "These Ameri
cans. I understand, are not among our en
?mies."
"Net heretofore, your Highness. For
•nerly they -were vassals of England, ami
:hey speak the Kngllsh language still. But
:wo years ago they fought their first for
?lgn Trar. and being victorious. It Is re
ported that their Kins la puffed up with
jrlrie and contemplates establishing a col
iny within the four seas, in imitation of
England.?
"But I be? your Highness to note that
this compels them to ueek our friendship."
>ut in the wizened Sheng. whose wife one*
liai the honor of Infatuating the Tartar
Prince. "These American people are like
3ur own, wholly rtevojed to money-mat-
Jig. and they will never permit their Kins
;o Incur the expense of war when they can
train more by peace. Besides, when all
ithrr nations are using force, they can
?r.In prestige by sticking to diplomacy'
"Then you shall see to them when the
time comes, my worthy friend." said the
=oldler. contemptuously. "Provided they .
had no share In the destruction of my glo
rious brother's garden, and have not laid
claim to any part of our territory. I bear
them no grudge." j
The- French and Russian ministers am- i
bled by. They bowed with great politeness \
Eiml flattering smiles, and their courtesy
»as returned In kind.
"These men are our worst enemies and
onr greatest friends, your Highness." said
Yu. "Fa-Gwo (Franco does not count
without O-Gwo (Russia), for she dare not
send her troops abroad and has. never
learned England's secret of maintaining
foreign possessions without expense. O-
Gwo is our neighbor to the north and de
sires to eat up the home of the glorious
dynasty (Manchuria). She employs tens of
thousands of our people to build the roads
of the steam-horse. Therefore. eh» dreads
war. lest she should lose her Influence as
a friend, and she will not permit the other
nations to make war, lest in the con
fusion she should be numbered among ou*
enemies."
"Leave Russia to me." said the Prince,
grimly. "She will find when the day comes
that I have not spent twenty years on the
border for nothing."
"Oh, your Highness, Russia la our very
good friend." said Sheng. "She cannot
complete her railway or resist Japan
without our alliance, and will. If need be.
even join us in thrusting out the other
barbarians."
"How much do they pay you to say
that?" said the Prince with a grim smile.
"What words. Highness?" murmured
the old mandarin tremulously, and hla
rivals smiled and exchanged nods.
A slight, cold-faced gentleman, pre
cisely dressed, rode past, sitting stiffly
erect. He took no notice of the Prince
whatever.
"Very good, my friend." muttered the
Prince, his dark face growing purple un
der a sudden access of his ungovernable
temper. "By the tombs of my ancestor*!
does a barbarian dog dare to slight me
beneath the shadow of my 'walls? Who
Is this sword-faced coxcomb?"
"That Is the Te-Oivo (German) Tsun;-4
Ling, your Highness. His master is the ~
war lord of Europe, and all the servants
under him carry themselves stiffly, like
despots whose right Is might. These pr<
sumptuous Germans have dared to lay
hands on a portion of our sarred empire
and shoot our people like dogs."
"Then bv the shade of Knr.g Hal. the
dogs shall cat him:" cried the Prince furi
ously, whirllrg his horse round and gal
loping out of the Inclosure. followed by
his tumultuous escort.
CHAPTER XVII.
THE REAPPEARANCE OF BLAKE.
'•j.aat black-browed ruffian Is lacking
In the usual pood* manners of Chinese,
apparently." said Baron von Ketteler to
M. Plchon. "I regret that your Excel
lency should have condescended to notice
the fellow."
"The father of the heir presumptive can
scarcely be Ignored, M. le Baron." replied
the French Minister deprecatlngly. Ills
position In Peking was the moat uncom
fortable of all tho foreign envoys, for h.->
was not only responsible for the enor
mous vested Interests of the Roman
Catholic clerey, but he had special in
structions to maintain cordial relations
with the German representative, while
practically supporting the policy of Rus
sia. It -was believed that Russian and
German Interests at Peking were Identi
cal, but, on the other hand. th« diplo
matic methods of the two empires were
wldeiy sundered. To the Baron, diplom
acy was subordinated to the first duty of
exacting a rigorous respect toward tha J
representative of the German Emperor A
to M. de Samovar, personal dignity
counted for nothing beside the gaining
of diplomatic ends.
"I equally regret that your excellency
should have seen fit to put a silent on «o
notoriously hostile a personage as Princa
Tuan." said M. <2e Samovar. "I must
take th» liberty of hinting that In the
present uneasy state of popular feeling
It is not Judicious to throw the Imperial
faction Into the arms of intriguers Ilka
Chu of Shantung, whom. I think. I ob
served among the prince's escort. A por
tion of his majesty the Emperor "Wil
liam's territory 13 now aa conterminous
with China as our own."
"As for that," replied Baron von Kat
teler, "we at least have nothing to faar.
I might even go so far aa to say that it
would suit us to have to suppress hostility
near Klaochau."
"I am afraid your excellency wfl! not
have Ions tr> wait for that opportunity,"
replied the Russian Minister with Ill-con
cealed annoyance. "But in the meantime
you forget that you yourself are witMn
the walla of Peking."
"What does your excellency mean by
that?" said the Baron haughtily. "One
might almost Imagine from the. tone of
your remark that Peking was a Russian
instead of a Chinese capital. I trust th*c
I am capable of upholding the dignity or
the master I serve, under any circum
stances."
"I am afraid M. le Baron forget* that
he has not an army at his back." inter
posed the Spanish Envoy. Senor de Colo-
Ban, the doyen of the Corps Diplomatique.
with a pacific smile. "I for one should
feel decidedly uncomfortable at the lega
tion If Prince Tuan were to take offense.
He has, unfortunately, a most ungovern
able temper."
"And for that very reason is of no ac
count," replied M. Ketteler. "I assure
you, gentlemen, that Prince Tuan and his
coterie are regarded -with far more dis
like by the president of the Tsung 11 Ya
men than we are."
"That would be more reassuring it
Prince Ching were a younger man." put
in the United States Charge d' Affaires,
who was more conversant with the
French lanjruage than Mr. Conger. "I'm
afraid the Yamen would cut about as
much figure as a pack of old women If
those lire-eating Manchus get the bit in
their teeth. What do you say. Sir
Claude?"
"Oh. these little rumors of hostilities
really amount to nothing, gentlemen." re
plied the British Minister, stroking hi^
mustache with a bored air. "Judglnir by
the reports of my predecessors, a similar
condition of things has existed Intermit
tently ever since the legations were estab
lished."
"Come, gentlemen." said Miss Conger,
vivaciously, "you are at the races now.
not at the council board. Which of you
is going to bet me a box of gloves against
Mr. Cheshire's gray?" -.".¦ m
"It depends on who's up. my dear yomsic
lady." replied the fatherly M. de Cologan
In English. "If it is Mr. Cheshlro him
self I will bet you a dozen boxes, for ha
always goes at a trot."
THE SUNDAY CALL.
(Continued Next Week.)
6
VALDA
A ROMANCE OF PEKINGFor the river people are a tabooed class.
Neither they nor their children for four
generatlons < after leaving the river may
hold office, and in every way they are
boycotted and ostracised to make their
existence a misery- All this just because
there is a tradition that once upon a time
some of the river people conspired against
the inland waters and sheltered inlets of
the coast. Whenever one of the3e
wretches loses the floating home which it
has taken a lifetime of savings to get.
his poverty is too terrible to contemplate,
and he usually plunges Into the «ea at
once to end his misery.
ne*g of the coolie breed3 hautrhty diadalfl
ami overbearing contempt in the masters,
who lord it over them with a dlpnity un
known outside of the land of the red pa
per gods.
Economy thoueh Is th<* grand virtue of
China, ami by their skillful parinsr of the
earth they have succeeded in rnbblnsr it
of every particle of richness arA mold,
until now over most of the tillable parts
of the empire the fertile soil ha* been
used up clean and stripped away, leaving
but the br.rren. naked clay, incapable
of producing" good crops without
unusual and h^avy fertilization, peculiar
methods of cultivation and excessive ir
rigation. Their economics of production
are only equaled by their economics of
consumption. The very grass roots are
pulled from the ground to serve as fuel
and for use in paper-making. Every bit
of vegetable fiber Is pressed Into servtco
and the soil Is robbed of its mulch. Scraps
of paper and cloth are paste-i together to
make shoe soles, bits of wood are glued
America and the vistas of wealtiTwhlch
he commands.
By feigning Insanity he has the delight
ful State hospitals for the Insane at his
service. A trifling crime will transport
him to a lovely seaside resort of the State,
with a flower gardened court, and Jus;:
enough labor to keep his appetite up to
an appreciation of the wholesome faro
provided. Should he scorn Insanity or
crime there Is still the comfortable poor
houBe open to him free of charge or care.
China makes no x such provision for
paupers. They may die and rot if they
cannot make their own living; there are
too many people anyway and the weakest
had best die off as soon as they can.
There Is not room on earth for them and
nobody is going to waste time coaxing
them to stay and lncumber the way for
hardier and stronger workers who with
health and muscle still have all they can
do to keep from getting pushed over the
edge.
The dragon well represents the imperial
Government of which It Is the symbol, a
hungry, ferocious, devouring monster,
clawing for all In sight and destroying
with breath of fire that which It cannot
secure to Itself.
No wonder that the paper gods of their
temples all have- devilishly malignant
faces. Fates are so unkind to the coolie .
that he can Imagine nothing but evil ta
exist among the unseen powers which
rule our being. Those who are crowded
off terra firma by the rampant land
lordism float\by millions In junks, house
boats and floating villages, which cover
the Government or some of Its official*.
Chinese women are. apparently suffer
ing from a similar tradition, for It Is said
by 6ome of the Chinese that women once
took up arms and attacked tha ruling
authorities, and for that reason It was
ordered that henceforth their feet should
bo crippled bo that there- might be- no
danger from them!" This, while an absurd
reason, seems more in line with Chinese
cowardice than any of the others which
are given for foot binding.
There Is consolation for the river folk
though In the fact that one acre of water
produces an infinite number of times
more food than an acre of land, for It has
three dimensions, while the land has but
two, and more than that the rivers have
the sea to draw from and there are con
tinually ascendfng them streams of food
fish from the Incalculable stores of the
ocean's depths. So the river people skim
the rivers of everything that Is In them,
using fish hunting birds, such as cor
morants, to search out such fish as may
have escaped the nets which are every
where cast without regard to time or sea
son. ,
Patience Is another virtue which the
coolies have run clear Into the ground by
its excessive exercise. That very nega
tive virtue has been the cause of those
who exercise It being more and more
overloaded, until the Impositions placed
upon them crush out their Individual lives
and will presently end their national exist
ence. ¦ Their patience has been provoca
tive of ferocity In their tormentors as the
mild sheep by running away Invites the
attack of dogs which had not otherwise
paid any attention, but by witnessing 1
such show of terror have thereby created
within them an appetite for mutton.
By the law of compensation the meek-
In the markets of Tungchow, to which
the stewards of the noble families of Pe
king repair to purchase viands for their
lords, It is amusing to see the butcher-,
when they are carrying dog's flesh to any
place or when they are leading five or six
dogs to the slaughter house, for all of the
other dogs in the street, drawn by th^
cries of those going to be killed or oy
the smell of the flesh of those already
dead, fall upon the butchers, who are
obliged to go always armed with a whip
or bamboo pole to defend themselves
In China the voracity of the people ob
trudes Itself continually every Industry
or occupation seems to have such a ten
dency to the appeasing of appetite that
It becomes rather a disgusting contempla
tion. The rich are all epicures, the lower
classes sensualists. The tastes of one are
Bcarcely limited by tne extent of their
revenues, the voracity of the other un
restricted by even the nauseous species cf
food. Being the most omnivorous of all
people there Is not an animal or plant that
can be procured by art or Industry and
eaten without risk of life, which is not
pressed Into service by these gastron
omers. The flesh of wild horses Is highly
prized, as well as the larvae of the sphinx
moth and soup^made of mare's milk and
duck's blood. \r tj^V
tlon In the educated countries, because w«
subdue the coarser appetites of our na
ture. Such nations have the same natural
wants as their Eastern fellow creatures,
but the very refinement which conceals
them is also an auxiliary to the acquisi
tion of a supply of better quality.
There Is In almost every civilized coun
try a class who flaunt their poverty and
Chinese practices of the art of saving
are carried to extremes which are too
hopelessly pathetic to be comprehended
by us, the most favored and pampered
race of all humanity.
From this the rioting spread to a
revolt.
In talking with a fellow-passen
ger on tlxe China Mr. Go forth gave
the following striking story of the
awful poverty which.is gnawing at
the vitals of the masses in China,
and is the real source of their dis
content.
y NT the theory and practice of poverty
I Asia FurpaF?es herself, and the Chi
li nese coolies have made It a fine art.
Asia, the lurid continent, leads In ev
erything. All of the religions of the world
come from there— Christian, Jewish. Mo
hammedan. Buddhist, Confucian, and
nearly ell others of "the two and seventy
«ects."
The greatest hoards of both wealth and
wisdom are stored In the region east of
Buez, and around them stretch Inco-mpre
fcensibJe wastes of Ignorance and poverty,
the like whereof Is not elsewhere on the
face of the globe: so great, too, that It
xtiev In time swallow our entire civiliza
tion and leave but a blot In history which
will be known as the second dark age.
It does not follow thai the acquisition of
food is an object of less anxious atten-
A sufficient supply of wholesome food
seems to be the influencing power, the
end of all Industry In every art of the
globe, and the difference in the degrees of
avidity with which mankind pursue It is
regulated by the degree of civilization and
Intelligence which they have attained. .
Poverty's struggle for existence has
compelled these people to eat almost
every substance which is not deadly poi
son, and there is little doubt that the
narcotics with which the Asiatic dulls his
misery were discovered while some
6tarver was trying to etay his stomach
with herbs. Our wellfed American farmer
never becomes acquainted by original in
vestigation with the therapeutics of the
flora on his farm. All knowledge of the
medical properties of herbs comes from
the aborigines who were oft driven by
cruel hunger to taste every bark, root and
leaf In the search for alimentary products
of the earth.
Whether or not added poverty brought
upon the Chinese by the Indemnities
which the allies are going to collect will
deprive them of even the trifling solace
of the cricket and compel them to rely
upon the music of caged mosquitoes to
remind them of the country Is a question
that will be settled In the law foundries
of Europe, where destinies of barbarian
hordes are cast to mold.
vlda. Catching crickets and selling them
In the biff cities at five for a brass piece
has given many a Chinese country boy
his etart In life.
work, they have always had gre«.t ambi
tion to become heavy exporters, which,
means that they are, anxious to do tho
work of others as well, for a large export
trade la nothing else. Think how many
backaches It takes to produce a shipload,
of tea, for Instance, and then wonder at
the Industry which can accomplish It and
the patience which It takes to contem
plate such a herculean task without
shrinking.
The one beauty of their poverty Is th»
extreme simplicity of life to which It has
led them. Their meals are but rice, al
though boiled In a way that no European
can accomplish, and which they will not
practice unless cooking for themselves;
then a light, watery vegetable something
like a cross between our cabbage and let
tuce; with this tea. and th« same thins
for every meal twice a day the year
round, except at new year.
Clothes are as simple as the food. Two
garments of cotton are all that tho coolla
has, except hat and shoes, to put on In,
the morning: then he Is dressed. It Is this
which makes early rising so general In
the land of the rising sun. for It ts th»
horror of dressing rather than the fond
ness of sleep which keeps most of us In
bed.
Though they wear no underclothing, yet
the homespun, close-woven garments ara
warm, comfortable and healthy, as there
Is room for plenty of air circulation out
side the body and plenty of blood circu
lation within It. for lack of which we civ
ilizees suffer more from cold and colds
than from all of our bad climates put to
gether.
Perhaps In. those two attainments of
simplicity the lurid continent has, repaid,
itself for all of the sufferings undergone
in the practice of poverty as a Sno arc
together to ra&kp a board or pfflar.
Not satisfied with doing all of their own
Venders of strange viands step from
their junks to the shore, having baskets
suspended on a carrying pole, in which
are contained dogs, cats, rats or birds
either, tame or wild, generally alive; sea
slues and grubs found in the sugar cane.
The species of dogs most in request is a
Fmall spaniel. The poor animals appear
particularly dejected In their Imprison
ment, not even looking up In the hope of
freedom; while the cats, on the contrary,
keep up an Incessant squalling and seem
never to despair of escaping.
Eagles, storks, hawks and owls are
among the rarities displayed by poulter
ers, but the popular fowl In China is the
duck, which well adapts itself to the
crowded condition of the land, and takes
to the water almost from birth. The
peasants hatch the eggs in an oven or
manure heap. When the ducklings are
able to be removed, they are taken in a
boat to the nearest mudbank or heap
where, shellfish feed. There they paddle
around the fording grounds and commence
a daylong search for everything digesti
ble, paddling back at night to their con
veyances, in which they are returned
home.
Even the Chinese in America still hank
er after the fleshpots of Chung Kwn.
and wild cats find ready sale to the Chi
nese poulterers and also to the Italian
marketmen having stall3 near Chinatown.
The coolies of the Middle Kingdom
re.ally get so poor that it requires an al
, gebralc equation to express the mlnus
neBs o'f their financial condition. !;¦ x; r i
The poorest European beggar has him
self and usually a family, generally a
large one. Beggars are Inclined that way.
The Lord loves poor people, and so makes
many of them. «
But the beggar of Europe Is wealthy In
that he has. his freedom and family; the
Chinese coolie has sold himself, and us
ually his family as well.
With all those who are dear to him in
bondage of his own creation, himself sold
and powerless to aid them, life is a long
bitter day for him and he never fears to
part with it. So little is it his own that
ho is really less concerned than the
haughty master who rules his destiny.
If patience, humility, economy, indus
try, thrift, frugality and obedience are
virtues which will receive reward, then \*
vthe Chinese coolie the most blessed of
all mortals. Those virtues have at least
made him what he Is, for none can say
that he does not possess them In the
highest degree. The coolie Is a good il
lustration of the saying that the" less you
Bpend the less you will have.
Ho Is 'a shining example of what comes
of following the advice of Poor Richard's
Almanac and other advisers of that whin
ing school of skim-milk philosophy. His
poverty Is, as has been shown, a minus
quantity. He has lost all he had and
half as much more, like the man In tho
algebra book who Juzzled our youth by his
woeful losses. For If the coolie could
I manage to save enough money to buy
I himself free, from his "poor little earnings
of seven cents a day,- he would still be
only a penniless beggar with a family to
support.
• What a contrast "when compared with
the princely heritage of the beggar in
t HE worst mauled of all of
the missionaries zl'Jw es
caped alive from China
ZL-as the Rrs. Mr. Coforth, who ar
rived recently on the Pacific liner
China.
He zcas stationed at a place 7500
"/;" north of Hankozi', the great
tea-shipping city, ~oo miles up the
broad }'ang-fse. From there he
had to make his zvay, begging,
pleading and fighting for his life
against crazy mobs.
He ascribes the first outbreaks to
bread riots. Three years' drouth
had left the natives famishing for
food, and they commenced seizing
the hoards of rice in the godowns.
pride themselves upon It. but the sons of
wart in the Middle Kingdom have no
pride, not even sorrow, in their privations
—merely the quiescent suffering of unend-
Inpr hoprl^ps misery.
Where wo boll meat and throw away the
water the Chinese eat the water with rice
and save the mjat to boll again and again
until the last shred has disappeared In
their rice pots.
While our poorest classes have the sweet
little- wild song birds to elng of the forest
in city homes, the Chinese with an equal
yearning for the music of the wilderness
can afford no such luxury, but humbly
content themselves by buying a lonely lit
tle cricket, which is put In a diminutive
cage of split bamboo fibers, where it Rings
Its short life away in a vain request for
the food which its poor bests cannot pro-
THE SUNDAY CAIili.
7
AMONG THE POOR FOLKS OF CHINAand "\Vcft°rn. Its couch and cushions fol
low suit.
The architect had a pood deal to dj
with the charm of this corner. He built
a little three-sided bay and placed a win
dow in each side. These windows are not.
low. •
A softly cushioned seat fits the bay and
above It the windows leave space for
draperies. Pillows fit cozily into the odd
corners, and high above all hang droop-
Ing draperies caught In the simple and
graccfull grille. The corner is sunny— it
makes one cheerful just to eit there for
a tete-a-tete. "
Turkish grilles are used in the Hobart
house. A larce one in a wide doorway
leaves so little rvace that portieres are
entirely done away with. One may pass
through a narrow space between lace
works i^f delicate carving., .Within this
carving are fpaces^whpre brackets stand;
a plump and, imposing peacock occupies
one of these, his tall stretching proudly
to the floor in oro room, his dignity con
fronting all comers in the other. . Opposite
him stands the figure of a Moor and far
above are three lfttle niches, where Ben
ares treasures perch.
Here and there In the grille appears the
Turkish crescent— singly sometimes, oc
casionally three crescents are Interlocked.
The crescent scheme la similarly carried
out in the window grilles of the living
room. The reach the length of the upper
sash and are broken variously with
brackets and arches.
The cozy corner of this living room fits
into the bay and* is another example of
the sunshiny nook. Three windows frame
it: its couch Is Turkish; its cushions are
likewise. The couch is raised one step
above the floor and a rare old prayer rug
Is flung carelessly over the step, with a
cushion for the loafer.
There is nothing odder in the whole be
witching corner than the tiny bookcases
fitted in at each end of the couch. They
spring Into being- in a mysterious way
and fill In the space left between the
couch and the windows.
A huge Turkish chair, upholstered in a
Bagdad offers welcome to the fortunate
CORNER? make the room nowadays.
You can have ar.y number from the
regulation four up to a dozen or
over «r.d they may represent as
many countries as the wcrid holds. A
r^om Is an unimportant affair, it would
K6n; «>:i'y its corners court.
If your cozy corner can represent your
cwn travels or adventures you are in luck.
If r.ot. other people's navels will have t3
erswrr the purpose. Tlieje will moan l«»ss
to you. hut your visitor* will enjoy the
effect just as we!!, except that they can't
hear where you found each of the curio?.
Draperies are the Lnsis of every pic
turesqup corner. In Themselves they are
g-ood. v.ith a grille they are better. Take,
for example, i*:e drapery effect in Mr«.
Fortrr.ann's hacve. The narrow jrrillf;
«l>ove the portieres gives the relief need
ed.
Mrs. Fcrtmaan'a grill* is an excellent
piece of cabinet work. Kor those who can-
Hot ajford elaborate • r.rvirrs there -ire
>ff exprr.?i\ - r.rilie* t!-at can be used lo
good ettect. Simple rpfrtdlea can he mail-. 1
ty the ajn.Tteur and "wirr.boo *rfille« can be
tKHipht for a final! :)rl«e in Japanoe
ftore.s. Ficnlor yet Is a lattice of paicted
lath. Or.? clever little siudio Is grilled
ebnve a"' l*n ccors with seine cord var-
Cifhed; frames were 'first m;ide of lath
and the mrd stretched taut between tacks
th«ri varr.ifhed over.
Or:;!rs have ;<lr*::dy found dozens of
Vfey. and they are daily helrg put to new
enr-s. AhovA portirre^. above window cur
tains, at the Bides of doorways: they may
be UFci for a ter.ee to half blCe a cozy
corner. They hint at feclusion without
<ju!to cutting off: they break monotonous
line?. The jrri'.le «;]«< up any "space that
may m.-a':e trouble by raising the ques
tion. "What shall we do with it?"
Oriental cozy corners are the most com
mon — the idfa of the oozy corner is On
*n;al In Irs orijrin. But there are many
rooms Into which it will never fit ami
cably, and the |.ffi eray to settle the
trouble is to <Jo away with the corner,
at the room must stay. If your room is
eunr,v. your furniture effects Usht and
Frer.ehy. you will never succeed in mak-
Sr.g a <J!!r. retreat of heavy hangings feel
fit home.
Mrs. Hoch?tadter has In her hallway
a cczy corr.cr that was vise enough* to
avoid orientalism. Its grille is modern
** n.« of this kind:
"Dear Sir: you may be suprise to find
I twelve cents in this letter as Christmas Is
coming and I would like to give a present
to my little sisters and brothers as I have
only twelve cents I thought" that I would
nend them to you. - If you will change
them for pennies and that way I would
.give them a nice present I live on a farm
and my name is Edwin Avery Park and I
am eight years old. I love to draw pic
tures. I have made one to send to you.
It Is not any special ship but one I drew
out of my head. I hope you will like it.
Yours truly. EDWIN AVERY PARK."
Another letter received by the admiral 13
as follows: • \ * ¦
May'the 10. 1900
"Mr. dewie i Take my pen in hand to
write to you In reguard to my little boy's
| name, a friend of myn reqested me to rite
to you and let '- you know that my baby
0name was dewle. i named him • dewia
when he was a bout 3 days old he will be
one year old the 9 day of april. my friend
Said he red in a newspaper that you had
made a present Of $5000 to a little child
tamed dewie. Mr. dewle. If yo" •"• ¦?•"¦•,
K : '" : ' ' '¦¦¦'¦ ¦ ¦- . . • ¦; ¦
If you have a friend quite dear,
You'd like to bring with you.
Or if you know some one who'a cotro.
We'll gladly giVe you two.
So don't forget the place and date—
We'll answer when you knock.
And welcome you with open arms.
But don't forget your sock.
"Will you help us with our Society
Stocking for the benefit of the League
of the Church? Return before March
a. looo."
One of the Presidential possibilities not
long ago received encouragement in his
aspirations from the following letter writ
ten by the wife of a railroad man in Mich
igan:
"Honored Sir: In case you are a Presi
dential candidate, my husband, who 13 a
railroad man, will vote for you. provides
you promise to do all that you can to
bring about governmental ownership of
railroads. All other railroad men would
work hard for you could they know that
during your administration you would try
to bring about the above named much de
sired change. They consider themselves
oppressed and ill treated, as you no doubt
know."
One of the penalties of greatness Is that
one must have inflicted upon him aa
abundance of poetry. Sometimes the po-'
try which great men receive relates, at
least indirectly, to them, but it frequently
happens that much that does not refer lo
them In any way is sent— presumably as
a mere samol*
you to let you know I have Just Named
my Son (Noble Dewey Miles) after one of
the bravest and Noblest men of my Coun
try not that 1 want to flatter you but It la
so he will be 2 years the 23nd of this
month now if you think you can send the
Little boy a present It will never be for
gotten as 1 am sorry to say I am very
poor Hoping you will Receive' this al
right 1 will simply await a answer and
Obliged
"Address "
One of the strangest "crank" letters
ever seen in Washington has been re
ceived by Admiral Dewey. The writer
appears to think that It Is the Intention
of the English authorities to place Presi
dent Kruger of the Boer republic on the
Island of St. Helena, and that the admiral
can save Kruger: It Is as follows:
,_ "May the 21
Dear admiral will you use your judg
ment In bo haf of Mr kruger the peple Is
goin to put him on ailand to die from his
famly pleas see how you would fell to
leav your wife pleas help the poor Boer
pleas help them if you can the country
and sltle the peple is mad at Mcklnly for
not help Boer while you was In batle I
prad the good father proettect you in
batle and he did thank god for it pleas
stop the peple from takn kruger pleas If
you can 1 think you can If eny man can It
is you
"i am sixty for and 1 will help the Boers
fit if nesary.
"pleas excus bad ritcn bad spelln
"MR CH A »
"Wee think what yon sa Is law and. gos
pell
"My eys Js very bad.
"pleas admiral help them If you can I
now you will you are so good you will 1
now If you can."
From all over the United States the cry
comes to "Washington officials from peo
ple who are engaged In raising funds to
pay off the debt of "the church." or to
build a new one; from possibly eloqusnt
but certainly indigent pastors; from pro
moters of church fairs and like enter
prises held to obtain funds for furnishing
the pastor's study, and from still others
who are engaged In making quilts or
other contrivances on which names are
worked for a certain sum each. Here Is
a letter from a New Hampshire woman
who wished the recipient not only to con
tribute his share but to canvass for the
names of others. Including the President:
"Dear Sir— "We are making a <&nu try
ing to get some money for our church.
"Will you help us by getting; ten names on
the Inclosed square (two on the large cen
ter white square and one on each of the
other white ones>? We have 10 cent* a
name, but If any feel like helping ca any
more we shall feel very grateful.
"We should* like very much to feav»
President McKmley's name «rvtth yours.
"Also If yon will Juat put th« touro
where you all live w* should b* glad.
Governor Rollins has kindly helped us to
fill out one square.
"Hoping It Is not aaktnjr too much of
you and that you win favor urn by trying
to get the President** autograph, we re
main, respectfully yours, — **
If the reader thinks this lady tadomd
a stamp for the return of her straws th«
reader is simply mistaken. But the pre
scribed fee of 19 cent* which she men
tions Is modest In comparison with that
charg-ad by the ladles of an Indiana town.
It may be, however, that the New Hamp
shire folks are not making a silk quilt, aa
are these:
"Dear Sir— The ladles of our town ar*»
raising money to pay for remodeling our
church. We are making a silk qtiUt and
working names in each block, and then
mean to sell the quilt. I desire to •titcri
your name en my block, and It ¦win oo«t
you only $5. Won't you please be sure to
send me the $3 to have your name put on
our quilt? Or. If you prefer, send It to the
Rev. Jakes and tell him for whose block
It la. Tours truly."
The lady is still waiting- for the *3.
One of the favorite methods employed
by church people for the solicitation of
money Is to send a small bag. or "sock."
for the contribution which they exp»cf,
but, alas! so often fail to receive. This
Is accompanied by a versa or verses set
ting forth the purposes for -which tha
funds are required, the following being a
sample:
"Dear Friend —
"This little sock we give to you
Is not for you to wear;
Please multiply your size by two
And place therein with care.
In pennies or In cents.
Just twice the number that you w«ar,
(We hope it 13 immense^.
So If you wear a No. 19
You owe us 20— see?
"Which dropped within our l!tt!a soaij.
Will fill our hearts with glee.
'Tis all we ask. it Isn't much.
And hardly any trouble,
But If you only have one foot.
We'll surely charge you double.
guest. A broad Turkish table beside it
holds a- comfortable reading lamp, all
Within easy reach of those bookcases.
Mrs. Fortmann's den Is true to tlio creed
ef the collector. Things that shoot and
•re shot form the decorator's scheme. A
great bearskin sprawling adown the wall
Jiolds center stage, and around him are
frrouped, specimens of all the^game that
flies. * The rifles that broujjht death to
them are there, too. A picture of a huii
.ter harmonizes with the whole; a larger
view of a wild mountain retreat gives
hint of the lonely places that a good gun
jnay explore. Four little North Ameri
can foxes, as large as life, lie on the
couch cover and face each other in a
never-ending stare, all looking ready to
t nap and never doing It.
There la no kind of corner more satis
factory than one that brings back memo
ries of happy outings. If you were at the
beach last summer why didn't you pre
pare for a beach corner in your winter
home? A flsh net will hold a few stat
flsh and shells; a sea view or two may
be hung beneath; sail canvas may form
the couch's background. If you were
abroad you have no doubt brought back
as many adornments as you could pay
duty on, but if you have to take your
trips nearer homo yotx need not be dis
couraged from collecting.
To return to the text of the sermon—
the corners make the room nowadays.
CRANK LETTERS WRITTEN TO PUBLIC MEN.
D.LJR1NG the last two years more
babies have been named for Ad
miral Dewey than for any other
one person in this country. It is
said tue admiral has a couple of trunks
full of pictures of theso babies, sent
him by fond parents, and that many
hundreds of letters have been received In
addition informing him of the appropria
tion of his name. In all probability most
of the writers of these letters are actu
ated merely by an honest desire to do
homage to the admiral, but some of them
get the most absurd notions as to the
gifts which It is thought he will give to
every child named for him. Here is one
to make a present to the children, that Is
named after . you. Remember my little
boy If you please
"dewle was the) first naina I thought
about naming my little boy. I -will bring
my letter to a close, yours answer soon
"from — —
"To Mr. george Dewle."
Here Is one from a mother who does not
seem to anticipate- the possibility of re
ceiving bo large an amount as that men
tioned by the preceding writer:
"June 19 1900
"Mr. A'dmlral Dewey
"Gentleman Dear Sir I thourht I write
THE SUNDAY CALL.
8
ODD CORNERS IN ARTISTIC HOMES.Mlss Laughlln— Not at all. I think th»
trouble is this: That when a woman does
work outside of the house she Is expected
to look after her house, too. In other
words, she is expected to do the work of
two and inevitably she must fall some
where. What is needed is that the care
of children and of the house should be
recognized as a profession in iteelf. If a
.woman chooses to have children, then I
think the care of her children while they
are young should be her profession, but
It by no means follows that it is the des
tiny of every woman to enter the profes
sion of housekeeping. And It Is to 'be re
membered, too, that a man has some du
ties as a father and some responsibility
in common with the mother for the mak
ing of a home. :':^y. J
some one for J20 a month to do the house
keeping?
Miss Laughlln— -It Is interesting to sen
the different values placed on the house
hold work of men according as different
questions are discussed. When a woman
does the work of her house she is not
considered to be entitled to any payment.
Not even the law rc^ornlzes her services
as being of money value, but gives her
household labor to her husband without
money and without price. But when a
woman leaves her house to do other work,
then her service In the house Is consid
ered of so much value that her failure to
perform that service. Is said to bo a men
ace to civilization.
Do you believe that a woman Is Jus
tified ln« neglecting husband and ,chil
dren and household cares for a profes-
Miss Laiighlin — I know of a case where
a woman had a churcii built at her own
expense, and when it was finished she was
not allowed to go behind the altar ra!l.
A few days ago the trustees of Wesley*
.an Collese decided to limit the number
of women students to 20 per cent of the
.whole. They also made other discrimin
ations against women. At the end of the
newspaper paragraph which reported
their action was the statement that a
(Woman had Just given $3S,00tt to the col
lege. The trouble is that women are too
unselfish. They work for those organ
izations which are unjust toward them.
I was talking with a woman, a member
of the Methodiat church, who thorough
ly believes m equality of men and wo
men, and I asked her how she could re
main a member of a church which »o
discriminated against women, and she
said she could not get over the old spirit
of loyalty to the church, even though it
did things she did not like. She pre
ferred to work .from within rather than
from without, and there is something in
Mrs. Hanaford — Years ago I heard a
clergyman of a Protestant church say
that the Masons and Odd Fellows in their
work were doing more beneficent work
than some churches. He thought that
the church ought to do that work or else
not find any fault .wijth .church members
4f they Joined lodges where such philan
thropic work was done. The churches are
doing more to-day and the women, if they
did not start the institutional idea, are
greatly helping to carry it out. I thor
oughly believe in the united efforts of
men and 1 women. "
Miss LaughHn— That ?s, the women were
to collect the money and the men were to
«pend It. ¦ ' ' ' '
Mrs. Gaffney— But we were by an edict
cf the church. debarred from taking any
part in its ceremonies; tven in the
Catholic church they did not permit
women to go behind' the rail."
doctrines. It seems to me that the
church has- failed in not being the leader
in philanthropy. Instead of being fore
most In such work it lags far behind.
Mrs. Gftffney— The church has not given
woman' opportunity for full work or
energy, but merely called her i n and tha
pastor has simply told her what was go
ing to be done and what he would allow
her to do.
Don't you think this matter of chil
dren Is a part of the same subject— at,
least stands in the same relation in
that it was one of the few points J>Z
activity permitted to women, the oth
ers being the sewing society, the do
nation party and similar functions at
tendant on church life?
Ml*s Laughlln— Yea; in the past the only
field for women's activities was the rear-
Ing of children and participation in church
matters. They had to hava some field for
their energies, and the church was the
only channel for the outlet of their ener
gies. Now "there are others," as they
Bay. I fancy that when women used to
meet every week to sew for the heathen
It was not because they cared so much
for the heathen or for sewing, but be
cause they wanted to meet with other
women, to have a little life outsida of the
four walls of their own houses.
Mrs. Gaffney— A woman thought that to
belong to a certain church was an essen
tial to respectability. When as a young
woman" I came to New York I was told
to Join a certain church— advice given not
with a view to my eternal salvation, but
as a social step.
You would then consider tho
churches that our mothers and grand
mothers attended with such devotion
more in the light of social centers than
religious shrines? - ; '^
Mrs. Gaffney— Yes; you met socially the
peoplo who went to your church. You
met some people .outside, of course, but
you depended mainly for society upon the
people who went to your particular
church.
Mrs. Hanaford— Not the sole social cen
ter, because family ties and neighborhood
facilities have their influence to form cen
ters.
In village and country society the
church still constitutes tha chief so
cial center, does it not?
Mrs. Garmey— No; there is a universal
reaching out of 'women to. other sources
of social life and intercourse. I find that
Mrs. Hanaford— I believe that women
have that very work given into their
hands. Women have been earnest in their
beliefs, even to bigotry, and if they grow
in knowledge rnd are broadened by club
fellowship they will grow less bigoted, but
ever remain earnest for what seems to
Miss Laughlln— The interests of men and
wnmen are identical, of course. If It ever
peems otherwise it is because our vision
is faulty. Men and women must rise or
fall together. Every forward movement
must be participated in by both men end
women. Our sex may be more closely
identified with some particular work than
the other, but both will be approximately
equally affected by the results.
Mrs. Gaffney — \Vcmen are always crea
tors of sentiment, but man constructs and
executes. 1 think heaven was entirely
rigiit when it made man and woman.
"Woman is no more essential to man than
man is to woman. Spiritually I think
women are the ones to go forward, but I
think It takes man to formulate and per
fect. It is essential that men and women
thall be Interdependent in all relations.
Do you not agree with me, Miss Laugh
lin?
the church?
which occurs to m -i bearing on tnis ques
tion, but I cannot. However, in some
part of Revelation there is this: "I saw
ro temple therein." (Mrs. Gaflney refers
to Revelation xxi:22.) I onc« heard
a very Impressive strraon on this text
and tl.e dr-duction was that the religion
of Christ would Home time place man so
nearly in accord with God that the visible
church would be no longer needed. What
is the use of a church and a system of
theology if It does not gradually lift man
to where he no longer n^ods reminders
and props toward duty? What would we
say if we were to call in a pnyslclan who
continued to administer the same remedy
and the patient showed no improvement?
Do you think it will be woman, after
all— that is, advanced, enlightened
woman— who will one day reconstruct
them tne truth. And they will still belors,
to that devoted class of followers of Jesus
who were "lart at the cross and earliest
at the grave."
Mrs. Gaffney— I am glad you insist upon
the Independence of men and women, Mlrs
Laughlin. It is frequently asserted, you
know, that women in the professions want
to drop men out of all consideration and
run society alone.
MIps Laughlin— That position seems to
me to be very illogical. The entrance of
women Into Industrial and professional
life means that women are doing more of
the work of the world; that they are be
coming more interested in the things In
which men are interested. The result
must be closer relations rather than fur
ther separation. It is those who believe
In separate spheres for men and women
who would make a chasm between men
and women.
But is not that Just the position that
women have taken?
Miss Laughlln— I believe that is the
position which has been attributed-* to
them by those opposed to the advance
ment of women, in order to discredit the
movement, rather than that assumed by
any who are working for wider opportuni
ties for women.
But is woman's entry Into the profes-
Flona not a bad thing for the men?
Mrs. Gaffney— In what way?
That they are away from the family
all day and therefore cannot give tho
came attention to their homes that the
"old women" for generations have
Mrs. Gaffney— It Is »ald that there never
yet was an occasion that there was not a
person born to till, and women will now
rise to the needs of the hour. The world
has got to arrive at the nolnt where
,women must lock upon housekeeping as
a business and not necessarily devolving
upon the wife or mother. Why should a
wife keep house as a profession or busi
ness when she might render more valua
ble sen-ice to the world and could hire
in Iowa, in an outlying country district,
a band of women have formed what they
call a Chauncey Depew Club. They' are
far removed from any of the ordinary fa
cilities for feminine enjoyment, and tho
neighborhood churches are not sufficient
unto their needs for social relaxation, so
they are going to become debaters.
Are there as many women engaged
In the active work of the church to
• day as there were, say, even ten years
ago?
Miss Laughlin — To speak of the church as
" «n organization, I would say no. I do not
think there are proportionately a3 many
engaged in tha work of the church as
before, but I think that women are do-
Ing: more work which belongs to true re
ligion than ever before. They are doing
philanthropic and charitable work which
the church ought to do. but which the
.. church does not do and has not done.
Mrs. Hanaford— There are more women
to-day at work in churches than ever be
fore, partly because there is more oppor
tunity for work, and partly because it has
become fashionable to engage in such em
ployments as slum work, college settle
ments, etc.. reminding one of the text.
"The rich and the poor meet together; the
Lord is the maker of them all." I. re
joice In this state of things, because It
gives the opportunity for Jew and Gentile,
Protestant and Romanist. Quaker and
Salvation Army, all to work for the up
lifting of humanity.
It would soem, then, would It not.
that the women who are doing the
really pood and great work !n religion
and philanthropy are doing it entirely
apart from the church?
Miss Lnughlin— Not altogether outside
the church, but the college settlement and
most of the practical philanthropies are
not connected with any church.
Mrs. Hanaford— AH work done for the
benefit of humanity Is, in a sense, re
ligious work. It is not theological or
ecclesiastical work, and It is wise to
make a wide distinction between theology
and religion.
Because women have allowed their
Interest to fine In the work of the
church, is It the fault of the church
and not of the women?
Miss Lauehlin— The so-called "Institu
tional church" Is what the church ought
to be. We have got beyond the day when
religion, meant the putting forth of dead
the church?
Miss Laughlin— It is going to help the
church to a broader religion— something
better than the religion of to-day, with its
narrow creeds, over which the churches
quarrel. There Is every evidence to-day
that women are more closely connected
with truly religious work than ever be
fore. Eelifilon does not consist merely
of talking or of going- to church.
Mrs. Hanaford — Forms may change, but
the Christ spirit and life will endure.
Creeds may be modified, but the.leader
ship of Jesus will become more evident
The test of true religion will be Been to
be love to God and man. 'Women's clubs
will help to bind heart to heart In help
fulness to all humanity the members of
different churches end the exponents of
varying creeds.
Do we not then come to tlie con
clusion that the direction is toward a
universal religion— that is. that tho
present religious movements are work
inp against creeds and knocking down
barriers between the people and dog
matism?
Mrs. Gaffney— I believe there is pres
sure against the barriers and it needs
but a blow to knock them all down. I
wish I could give a chapter and verse
women are turning away from the church,
then the trouble must l« with the church.
Mrs. Hanaford — The "new woman" a
menace to religion? Not at all. In fact
the churches depend largely on women
for existence. The majority of church
members In Protestant ranks are women,
and In other churches the devotees are as
likely to be women as men— in fact more
likely, since women are more sentimental
paturally, more devout, more affected by
the teachings of the puiplt. more Inclined
to obey and to sacrifice, even when taught
as the apostle teaches, 'hat "obedience is
better than sacrifice." Woman's devotion
to duty Is proverbial, and tho club Woman
Is no exception. Examples could be
given. Two club women whom I know
Joined the Episcopal Church recently, and
I heard one woman say she would die for
her husbjuid, l.ut she would not plvo up
her religion, ar.d tne was a Romanist.
Clubs had not won her from the faith of
her childhood, though they may hav*
broadened her sympathies and increased
In her a spirit of toleration, thus making
her more truly religious.
How is this change going to affect
Miss Laugh'.in— Not to religion, though I
thifik the "new woman" is a menace to
the dogmatism and bigotry of the past. I
<So Dot believe women were as truly re
llfTlous in the past as they are to-day. But
•t !s a r.ew religion, it :s an Individual re
ligion, and not a blind following 1 of some
man who had been ordained as a spiritual
irachtr by an OTSazizatJon of men.
Women nre beginning to think for them
scIvcf. and their religion Is cominjr to be
a living religion, not one merely of form
or- ritual. 1 think Dr. Shaw'* remark.
that His words applied especially to coi
l<yre women, is very suggestive. College
women are the better educated women.
the women with broader intellectual train-
In?: *6J too, with the club women. The
< tub women arc women who' have eome
la < < r.ta<-t with things other than thexn
relvcs, ar.d have thereby had their own
ideas stimulated. College and club
women, therefore, represent the more
broadly trained and highly developed wo
men. Jf we believe in civilization and In
the divine spark in mankind, we must
bf -IIcvc in the development of the Individ
ual, and if It is true, as Dr. Shaw seems
to imply, that the more highly developed
UTS. Gaffmy— Well, do you consider the
"new woman." *o called, a mtnace to re
ligion. Miss Laughlin?
Miss Laujrhiin— That depends upon what
is infant by a "new woman." I think
that in one ser.Fo we have "new women"
to-d.jy, in that women are coming more
ar.d more to r*»prard themselves as Indi
viduals. Tb€ "new woman" is the woman
who is capable cf using her gift? for the
beneiit of mankind, the woman who be-
Uevcs in self-development; the educated
aroman, th« woman who believes she has
eome work to do in the world and who
trtea to do St. My idea of the "new wo
man" is a developed — not an undeveloped
— woman, ar. entity, not a nonentity.
Mrs. Gaffney— I would first want to find
a "r.cw woman." I have never yet met a
"r.rw woman" In any part of the coun
try where I have bees: Have you. Miss
Laughlin?
woman" a menace to religion?
Mrs. GaXtney— Yes. advanced thought
brings man nearer into communion with
God himself. We no longer think we
must have a RO-betwecn In approaching
the tender Father and Creator of all.
You do not then consider the "new
Mrs. Hanaford— The churches In the
past have all asked that the candidates
for membership avow belief in some sort
of creed, but at the present time not so
much Stress U laid on beliefs as on life in
6ome churches.
Then you think there is a growing
independence in belief T
Mrs. Hanaford— Certainly, among both
men and womtn.
Mrs. GnfTney-All churches in th««m-
BClres may deppr.d upon creed, but the
orathy must obtain !n the congregation.
lntrtllger.ee can but suggest to the
thoughtful mind of thi? age that any sys
tem devised, or even only managed or in
terpreted by man. must be faulty either
In text or execution. Women have ar
r'.vcd at the :n>Int where they dare to
think and cuestion, even as men have
thought and Questioned. Our churches
are still mostly, filled by women, however,
as tbey always have been.
lives. Clubs do not make lnndeia of
women, however such a statement may
V-e mafic.
r>o not the churches depend upon
tTeexlng th^ir religious characters and
! ohavior Is not to be taken as a criterion
for the clubs to which they belong. The
dub* as clubs panction nothing opposed
to public decency, or open to public re
proach. I know of r.o woman's club
where any lapse from strict respectability
U permitted. The question, then, as t j
Influence of clubs is as to the lntel
lectuaJ Influence of clubs 0:1 women, as
• . gamble, drink or enaoke. in their homes
r elsewher* outside of the clubs, their
members arc so lost to the finer instincts
and worthier habits of the best women a&
or acta cf any club? of which I know lit —
t'.a or nothing. As to the clubs of which
I have pnm*» ¦ I him lints. > I fearlessly assert
that tberw Is no woman's club In this
iT'-ad land which openly avows the In
tention of drink'r.g. gambling or smoking
arr..->r.g Its members at its sessions. I
::• • sr» denial en this point. If ary
or woman. I Ignore them in reference to
all the women's clubs and societies with
which I am connected, and of who»e prac
tices and influence I can personally ppeak.
I have no right to testify for any others.
nor hava I a right to impugn the motives
out the question as to strong elrink,
gambling and narcotics, all cf which af
fect religious character and life In man
The Rev. Mrs. Hanaford— My answer
must refer solely to club women, and I
will leave others to answer for college
women. a.« my experience Is more largely
with the clubs, for I was a member of the
Woman's Club cf Boston In 1S69. Joined
6orcsls In 1S72. end have since Joined or
assisted at tho organization of many town
and city clubs, besides the General Feder
ation cf Women'! Clubs, the New York
Ptate Federation, as also the Association
for the Advancement of Women and thu
International Council of Women. As a
member ar.d local and State officer In the
Woman's Christian Temperance Union.
the King's Daughters, the Good Templars
fer.3 other organizations where men are
often fellow workers. I have had wide
knowledge of the Influence of clubs and
societies on both men and women. Of
1 BTM men's clubs are not under consid
eration, or a lew words might be Paid
regarding the Irreligious influence of nar
cotics and liquors, late hours, games of
chance and the like, if any of these things
exist In connection with men's clubs.
Leaving cut the men's clubs, we leave
mRS. GAFFXET-Tes. I hav«
heard that statement, and I be
lieve there is a growing tendency
.v. anaon* mankind (and of course
tils Include* women as well) toward a
lack cf faith in any religious system, but
this does not mean the abandonment of
all faith, however. It means really to
¦trer.jthen a belief la theism. I have not
heard a single person with whom I hava
talked rr^LT.lfest any tendency toward
either IntlrtrTtfy or agnosticism. All have
said that they believed In a God more
than ever.
7b» !3ea for thla conversation -was *ueeet.tr1
'"v * * ta '* Ir '""t reoertly made by the Rev.
.- n Baloom fhaw j n an adir*™ flflive;^.
WWW the n u »!nesi TVom-n> Katfcmal As«o
rlat.on. Th- B*r. Mr. Fh«w deplore* what
-¦• MUKt '-a rrowin K Infidelity amoiR wr>-
BS *"« J>e'-*rtr.& that such a condition of spirit
ual a..aln «u a mer.&r* to the country. H«
referred especially to eollejre women and such"
<*2T r " of xiu ' tr ¦** « have an Inclination to
P«cantry. The Question in Do*, a collep*
•uuc&ticn rhatter a worm 1 ! religious faith.
ar.a ar» worrier.', etaba not responsible for much
",*-• apathy now manifmrt by women toward
r«..rlon and r«-:: s i.-j B observance*?
Mrs. Fannie Humphreys Gaff
ney, president Xational Council of
U'cinen.
Miss Gail Laughlin, lawyer
end expert agent under Industrial
Commission.
The Rev. Phoebe A. Hanaford,
clergyman in the Unhersalist
church.
A reporter for The Call-Herald.
Miss Laughlln— Yes, happier. The leas
developed we are the less capable we are
to conceive of happiness or to experience
It. The frog In the mud puddle la happy,
very, very happy, no doubt.
Mrs. Hanaford— Women are Just as
happy as ever they could be In tho dis
charge of daily duties If they have faith
In God and are following him who "went
about doing good." The thirteenth chap
ter of First Corinthians covers the whole
ground. Away with Ignorance! "Knowl
edge is power." Blind faith cheers tho
blinded soul. But faith that sees the llnht
upon the heavenly hilltops— faith that
rests upon the teachings of Jesus, Inter
preted by the light within, "the light that
lighteth every man that cometh Into the
world." Is vastly better. Practical, every
day religion is the hope of the future. Ec
clesiasticism and theology, theosophy ami
Christian Science— all the Ism3 and all tho
creeds— should and must finally give way,
with men and with women, to personal
uprightness and practical good will. "For
what doth the Lord require of thee but to
do justice, to love mercy and to walk
humbly with thy God."- . -
doctrines of the old-fashioned religion?
simply and blindly to the tenets and
Mrs. Gaffney— I do not think this
woman's movement toward the church
and beyond is one we can control. It be
longs to the age. This is a transition,
period ar.d people are wondering at
change and fearsome of adjustments.
But. after all. granting that women
now enjoy a larger dearer of liberty
and are making great strides In intel
lectual enlightenment, were they not
happier when they pinned their fatth
Miss Laughlin — The fact that women no
longer worship the minister as they once
did is what cuts so deeply Jn many cases.
Women are beginning to look upon tha
minister ar, a man and a man only. an.1 to
give his oninions only the weight to which
their worth entitles them. :
such creeds?
Mrs. Gaffney— Yes, women do doubt th«
sincerity of such governing bodies, and
for that very reason we are learning to
depend less upon them. "Women havo a
great capacity for worship— they must
woiship something— and a great many
center th^ir devotion upon their minister.
nun they cannot la their hearts believe
Mrs. Gaffney— I believe If women would
preach through their lives outside of the
church they would do better survlce. Sim
ple theology centers around the fact that
Fin is abuse or misuse of the privileges
God has scattered so freely in the way of
hta creatures. Tho whole theory of s»al
vat."on is for us alone to work out. God
did not create us to go on our kneea anil
worship him. There can be no higher re
ligion conceivable than simply to possess
joyfully the privileges given you. Hut
wherever there is -a church, there they
talk about Adam and Eve and original
ein. and I would not grant that theory
ana nsver could.
I>o not thinking women generally
doubt the sincerity of tho 'governing 1
bodies of churches— those men who
cling to the superstitions of their par
ticular creed, although 33 intellectual
women In the pulpits of our churches?
Miss Laughlin— No. I do not think it la
too late to take up tMs long Ignored propo
sition. I think the churches would flour
ish with a greater woman membership,
especially so long as the church as an or
ganization ?s Identified pre-eminently with
jpiritual things, for women are in general
more spiritual than men.
"Would there not be a great revival
of interest in religious work among
¦ both men and women were there more
Mrs. Gaffney — I have not seen It.
Miss Laughlln— I believe there la a
movement in that direction. The Metho
dist church has just admitted women to
the General Conference. That Is one step.
Other churches are recognizing women
more and more. There certainly Is a
movement in that direction, though a very
slow movement.
Mrs. Hanaford — Women hava always
been recognized as equal among the- Quak
ers. All my childhood I listened to more
women preachers than to men. One of tho
women minister? of Nantucket used to In
tone according to the custom «f those
days, till Bishop Kastburn of Massachu
setts declared It to be etjual to th« grand
est anthem music he ever heard. I know
her words were words of divlnest truth.
In many other churches there are now
women ministers. The Rev. Antoinette
Brown Black well was the first woman or
dained to the ministry. The Rev. Olym
p'a Brown and the IJev. Augusta Chapin,
IX D.. followed In tho Universal!*! church.
I was oruaineH In ISO, eight men minis
ters an.l one woman minister taking part
In the service. I was the first woman
minister ordained in Now England. Slnco
then some thirty or fortv have been or
dained in my own denomination, and sev
eral In tho Cnr.gregationalist, I".aptl?t and
otht-r Protestant churches.
Th» movement is slow, presumably
because it is human nature to be con
servative in matters of religious faith,
especially when it comes to disregard
ing time honored beliefs.
Mi?s Laughlln— Tho churches have been
plnw, nr;d. as I nld before, the church
has not been doing the work it should
d<>, anvL if It h.T suffered from the develop
ment o* women then it is its own fault.
Would It benefit the present day
church to have a greater feminina
membership, or is it now too late to re
pair what has been so long neglected?
men and women In the- church?
Mlsa Laughlln— Yes, I 60. and mom,
Mrs. Gaffney— It la not what this paxtlo
ular preacher says, but what I believe, la
right to do.
There Is a movement on foot, Is ther»
not, toward equalizing the position of
ever had?
the Good Templars women w«r» a»
eligible to the highest offices as men. I
wu worthy chief temrsiar In 1S54, -with
the acting Lieutenant Governor of th»
State as my right hand supporter, and onr
Assemblyman on the left, and on* of our
Massachusetts Senators was the put
worthy chief, to whoso chair I iueceeded.
With the right worthy chief— a Senator— I
prepared the third decree ritual, and I
¦wrote all the hymns for the burial ser
vice of the order, which I believe er» In
use to this (Jay. Forty-two years, then.
It la since women began to work side by
side with men In puolic effort for moral
and social advancement, to my personal
knowledge.
Miss LaughMn— Women to-day have a
better and broader conception, a biot» ex
alted spirit of belief, but as to following I
do rot thlr.k the people believe In the old
dopmaj. I have seen ftlrls at collegro whr>
came there b? llevinjr Implicitly In all tha
doctrines of the Presbyterian, Methodist,
or any other church In which they had
b*en trained. These same rlrls went
away from college Jtiat as rellir!ou». but
minus their once deeply CTCur.ded belief
In hell and eternal damnation. They
would say: "The church does not express
my highest beliefs." Tnrre waa on» sirl
In particular who held forth to m», »ay-
Insr. "I believe In the church, but I c© not
believe In tho general doctrines of tha
church."
Then you believe that woman ha.'v*
as much capacity for service «l» thoor
Mrs. GaiTney— Yes. tnat 19 tru9. bat
only because of cumulative- forces gen
erated In the twenty-five years preceding.
Mrs. Han a ford— College life has hardly
been possible to women until within the
last thirty years. Club life commenced
about thirty-two years ago. ' Previously,
the various temparar.ce orpajilzatlon»
were pioneers in opening the way for
women's cluba. I was chaplain and after
ward treasurer in the Daughter* of Tem
perance organization as long ago turn tiia
vear 1S17. on the Island ol Nantucket. In
12A9 I was grand worthy chaplain of tha
Good Templars of ilassachusotts. I re
call very mar.y women of moral ¦wwrth
ar.d Intellectual ability among tha n>ra
bers and officers of these associations. In
the Good Temnlara women wera as
'All they have accomplished, tww
ever, has been In the last twenty-flv»
years, has it not?
that, too. A ehar.sr«j can com* orfr
through the- development of wonta. but
It wlU take considerable time to bnnf
about that change. Women ar© the pro
duct of past conditions and environment.
They fail to get justice often simply be
cause they do not realize what Justice
ought to be. ar.d when they do realize its
meaning- they are ofteD afraid to ask for
It. Women have been trained to- repres
sion and men to exurcssion. No douot
we have now got over that Una. The*
wonder is that women have- accomplished
as much as they have. All that women
have acquired has practically been done
in the last fifty years, and it Jj simply
amazing.
THE SUNDAY CAUV
Eion?
given?
9
WOMEN AND AGNOSTICISMAmong the queer things In India Is the
fish that catches ducks. When one misses
some ducks and is told by the moorgy
walla that a fish swallowed them, one be
rins to think there can really be no limit
to the lies the Aryan brother can tell. But
early one morning soon after the ducks
had been let out and had, as usual, made
their way to the tank, on one side of
which stands an indigo assistant's buga
low, the old khansama excitedly an
nounced that the big fish had Just caught
another duck and swallowed it, and could
not keep down with it. The gun was at
once got hold of and after watching the
antics of the fish trying to keep down
i tmder water he was shot He proved to
be a large boall, and had actually got the
entire bird down, with only tha, less Just
Bhowlns In his mouth, > '
Fish in farther Jndia.
listen. I want to pick out a winning
stock to play in the New York market
and I want you to give me the right tip.
Are you on?" Old Baldy wagged his ears
and trumpeted. "Well, then." Herr Sou
der continued, "which of the stocks on
this keyboard shall I buy?" Old Baldy
walked up and down in front of the piano.
The average Filipino does not lavish
money on his musical education, however,
and Is not able as a rule to buy expenslva
Instruments. The Tagals prefer Instru
ments with a Bhowy exterior, and Consul
Winters believes the archipelago offers a
fine opportunity for the man who gets
there soon with a large supply, of. musical
lnstrumenta, . - 1
Consul Winter, writing from Annaberg,
referred to the fact that there are few na
tive Filipinos who do not play some musi
cal instrument end that the musical talent
among them is great. The instruments
for which they care most are mandolins,
guitars, violins and flutes, and they have
derived most of their supply thus far from
the Americans.
Despite the fact that the American
troops are busily engaged in "suppress
ing" Filipino rebels, a striking demand for
musical Instruments from this country la
being made by the people over whom
Aguinaldo once ruled.
Filipinos Are Musical.
Still another and possibly more remark
able proof that Old Baldy has something
besides bone back of his expansive fora
¦."¦-.•.'.;¦'".%¦'-¦.'¦' '¦/:
phant knows the difference between
"mine and thine" and will not even in
dulge the little dishonesty peculiar to his
kind of dipping Into his neighbor's
luncheon.
There are 600 clocks In the Treasury
Department, and a man named Fleming
Is paid $45 a month for winding them and
keeping them In repair. This dtxty Is let
annually to the lowest bidder, and tha
cost has been reduced from $T3 to $15 &
month by rivalry between Mr. Fleming
ind another clockmaker, who secured tha
Job for two or three; years through politi
cal Influence during the last Cleveland
administration.
Mr. Fleming has looked after tha clocks
In the treasury at a salary of $75 a month
is long as anybody could remember, until
he considered that privilege a vested
right, and when It was taken away from
him by Secretary Carlisle he was very
aneasy and finally underbid his rival and
offered to do It for $60 a month. The con
tract was given to him. and the next year
;he other man underbid him and got th»
Job for $30 a month. Next time Fleming
rame in with an offer of $43 a month.
which was really lower than anybody
:ould afford to make, because 'it requires
nearly all his time to perform the duties,
particularly as many of the clocks are
setting old and cocstantly need repairs.
In the other departments the me^enser*
of the different bureaus look after the
clocks, except the large ones that ara
connected by wire with the naval ob
servatory and accurately mark the sun
time.
The clocks of the White House ara
looked afttr by one of the local Jewelry
merchants, who send3 a man every week
to wind them and see tl'at vhey are In,
order. It Is a curious fact thax only ona
of the twenty-five or thirty clocks In the
White House Is of American manufac
ture, and that i3 a t.'g gilt affair which
stands on the mantel in the Green Room
and was purchased while James Monroe
wa3 President.
The most Interesting clock In the Whlta
House is in the Blue Parlor. It was made
of alabaster and French gilt bronze for
Napoleon Bonaparte and was presented
to General Washington by Marquis de
Lafayette. It still keeps excellent tlma
and runs for a month without winding.
In Mrs. McKinley'a sitting room la a
French clock which has been running
without repair for over thirty-five yearat
It was purchased during the Lincoln ad
ministration.
We have no famous clocks In the United
States like old "Tom" in the tower of tha
British House of Parliament or that In
the spire of the cathedral at Strasburg.
or the one in St. Petersburg, which 13 tha
most wonderful in the world. It has
ninety-five faces and Indicates tho time
of day at thirty different spots on tha
earth's surface, besides the movements
of the earth and moon, the signs of tha
zodiac, the location of the principal
planets and the date, according to tha
Gregorian, Greek, Moslem and Hebrew
calendar* , ..• • • * N
Clocks at the
Capital.
Kecent experiments Indicate that the
»un may be a potent remedial agent In the
case of persons attacked with smallpox.
Bcariatlr.a end measles. These experi
ments were made by Dr. Flnsen of Copen
hagen and Dr. Chatlniere of Bt. Mar.de.
ar.d eo r.ovel were they that they have
aroused a good deal of discussion among
the members of the Academy of Medicine
Jn Paris.
Dr. Chatlniere a short time ago treated
twelve children who had measles accord
ing to this new method, which is scien
tifically known £5 phototherapie. Red light
was the only cure which he used, and this
he made serviceable In the following man
rer: On the window? of the sick rooms
he bong red curtains, and on the table
near each bed he placed a lamp which
cave .fcrth a red llsht. He acted thus be
cause he felt satisfied that the Irritation
cf the f=Lin in cases of measles is due to
the chemical rays of the solar spectrum
or, in other words, to the ultra violet
rayp, Fir.d not to the no-called caloric or
heat rays. If this were not so, how ac
count for the fact that the pustules and
Fears are especially deep and marked on
the face and hands, which are the very
parts of the body that are most exnosed
to thr- polar rays? The result showed that
he had not erred In arriving at this con
clusion. ' His little patients rapidly re
pair.ffl their health, and the virtue that
JSes in red curtains ar.d rrd lamps is being
extolled by many physicians.
Impressed, like Dr. Chatlniere, by the
fact that the influence of the solar rays
is especially manifested on the faces and
hands of patients, Dr. Finsen conceived
the Idea of subjecting persons suffering
from cma!!pox to the influence of ultra
violet ray?, which reached them after
the light had been filtered through thick
red curtains. The result was that the lit
tle vesicles or bladders gradually disap
peared and the patients did not suffer
from the customary fever and, further
more, were not pockmarked. The ultra
violet rays, indeed. In the case of these
patients produced practically the same ef
fect BS the red light In that of Dr. Chati
rleres', the most notable tokens of their
efficacy belns the absence of fever and
restiessneFs and the gradual disappear
ance of the eruptions before coming to
maturity. It was also noticed that the
rays had a marked effect on the maladies
In to far as they affected the bronchial
lubes.
Dr. Finserfs method of cure has been
Introduced Into France by Dr. Larat, and
Is being used not only In cases of emall
r-ox. but also in cases of certain forms of
ckla diseases, _ -;..•- '•-
Effective Cure
by Sunlight.
Another case 13 of more recent occur
rence and Involves the mending of a pig's
elde. which had been tern by a running
mate with whom he scrapped over a noon
day meaL These piss are performing ani
mals and valued highly by a clown with
the show. One of the pigs Is called Keno
and th* other Pinochle. It is the habit
of the owner to feed these pigs after they
do their turn In the performance. Tha
trouble came from Keno getting through
his work first and beginning to enjoy his
meal, while Pinochle had to wait. Pin
ochle was hungry and did not like the
situation of things, for he tore away from
his keeper and became an unwelcome
guest at the banquet of Keno. This af
forded the fuel for a first-class row and
they went at It In battle-royaL Pinochle
cot the worst of the scrap and was hand
ed over to tho show doctor's repair shop.
The wound In bis side was stitched and a
sling was rigged up so that he could ride
In one of the trainer's cars. This treat
ment soon brought him round and now ha
Is as active and good-natured as ever,
but sensibly lets Keno munch his food,
alone. •
Other animals have their troubles, too.
A tapir was the victim of a curious dis
ease that made It walk" backward. Th«
drcus veterinarian found this was owing
to a peculiar disarrangement of some of
the tendons and a shriveling or atrophy
of others, the result being that tha animal
found It easier and less painful to walk
backward than forward. An operation
was decided upon, and In the presence of
several medical experts from Illinois col
leges the tendons were cut and put in
their proper positions. The animal ts now
strong and healthy ar.d evidently enjoy
ing a new life.
looked the names over carefully and then
placed his foot on the key marked "Amer
ican Tobacco." He reoeated this at his
keeper's request three or four different ,
times In as many days. To make a short
Rtory Herr Souder bought American To
bacco at 120 and kept on buying until tha
break. "With an original capital ot $330
Herr Souder's bank account was Increased
this way to W3.000. This all seems stranga.
but is vouched for by the best authority
and again shows that circus truth la
stranger than fiction.
Last winter one of the largest elephant*
in the herd was afflicted with a toothache
and began to behave In a way that wor
ried her caretakers. While the elephant
Is docile and generally good natured, he
is a mighty bad proposition If In a bed
mood. No one knows this better than
circus people. When an elephant snlks
and quits eating heartily they bests t»
suspect trouble, and the employes keep
an anxious watch that never ceases.
Everybody knows that amiability does not
thrive upon toothache. The drcus people
did not want to lose this animal, as they
would have to if she began to exit up on
account of temper, so they sought tha
advice- of a well-known New York den
tist. Dr. Richmond. He decided to fill tha
tooth. To kill the- nerve was no easy
task and kept everybody nervously ex
pectant. The elephant Is a wise- animal,
and when she found that the attention shs
was getting relieved her pain she took
kindly to the performance and bellowed
cheerfully. Special tools had to be mads
for cleaning, grinding out the cavity and
filling It. After tho amalgam was put In
place Babe began to eat again with old
time zest and recovered her former rood
spirits.
TJTE Mggest elephant known to be In
captivity Is a visitor !n Sin Fran
cisco this week. IT* Is known by
the rathrr irreverent title of "Old
RaMy." For n. p^neration lie has been
the Star feature r>* the Rinpling great olr-
CTJC. He Is probably as old as the Declara
tion of Ind^p<"TiG<?r.'"<? and weighs about
four tons. All elephants are fa'.d to be
vise, fc-Jt this chap is conceded by anl
r&! errud«»T:ts p-enerally to be the ;nnarte5t
ef Ms species. The things he does, in
spite of his years and weight, are truly
amazing, and separate him from hi 1 ? kind
r.r a brainy beart. A strange fight is
tJie eeey ar.d c>v« way In which "Old
Baldy" pets in end out of the huge- car
la which he travels.
JC1 his traveling mates — and there are
twearty-flve of them— walk down a heavy
guagv'.ank that Inclines from the car door
Xa the ground. The. car doors are ten
feet Jilgb. which makes the big elephants
stoop to get through as they step out
epen the descending piank. "Old Baldy"
'.» mo tall end bo wide that he cannot get
erxt cf the car door ur.tll the gangplank
'.» taken away. After his mates hare
-walked the plaxk" the bis fellow be
atu» to act In a way which shows that
>m lesLma a tistsg or two about the rule
cf. two eisd two maklr.g four. He drops
to fc2s fciees and, wriggling his great body
fu* ward. slowly manages to get his front
Saet otrt and 'Upon the ground. The floor
of the car Is ebout five feet above the
ties cf the roadbed, but this dors not keep
BalAy from reaching the solid foundation
cf earth without mishap or trying delay.
One* his forefeet are on the ground he
draws his body forward, allowing h!s hind
legs to Crag a'.cr.g the car floor. In this
•way h» Is toon eb!e to pet one hind foot
cut, and then, the rest is easy. He acts
f.s If he lock more or less pride In this
fesi. ar.d as eoon as It is achieved he be
gins to trumpet and ¦wave his trunk with
ta energy' that bespeaks deep-seated sat
irfaetlcn.
All the ether elephants of the herd look
up to "Old Ba'.dy" as a eort of adviser
end protector. He efetns to feel th!s, and
has quite as much to do with bringing
to book any of the family who go out
Of the way of rlghtdcing as their master
End tra'.r.er. H^it S^udrr. In fact, Herr
Bonder claims that "Old Baldy*" can un
derstand English as well as a man — at
least vhen It is spoken by him. At the
winter quarters of the show in Baraboo.
WIs.. "O'd Baldy" Is never chained and Is
Cep^nieA upon to lock after the herd.
Last winter nr.e cf the wild drls of the
elephant family <who regrettably has an
unconctierab> eppot'.te for cigarettes),
ramed "Laura Jean I-Ibbey," got away
wfclle "OM Eddy" was napp'.ng and made
an alr-I'.ne trip to a cigar shop In the cen
ter cf the village. She had been there b«
fcre sjr.i as Foon as the tobacco dealer saw
Y?r be began to supply her with cigar
< •¦-, which was the wise thing to do to
J:«^p the ehep from being wrecked. As
Fcon as "Ola Baldy" missed his charge
he tore frcm the building in double-quick
time for the tobacconist's ehop, where he
krew the truant could be found. He
grabbed Lstira Jean by the ear and twlst
rfl It until she cried in pain: then he
picked up a lonjr Iron poker and belabored
the truant ell the way back to the win
ter barn. Slr.ce then Laura Jean has
been en her good behavior, for the got a
wa.:!or<r.g from "Old Baldy" that she will
not soon forpet.
head, or, at all events, a sort of Intu
ition that guides him rightly, la found In
his keeper's story of the way he helped
him to build up a fortune. Two winters
ago Herr Soudcr conceived the idea of
having Old Baldy perform upon a colos
sal piano.
Baldy seemed to have an ear for rhythm
tnd time and It was thought this cou!d
be turned to account. After Old Baldy
had been practicing upon this big piano
keyboard for a time and had learned to
pick out a tune his trainer got mixed up
In stock speculations and grew very much
worried, for the market was going against
him. Then, with the superstition of a
rabid epeculator. it occurred to him that
by peJntlngr upon th© keys of the great
piano the names of certain industrial
stocks and then asking Old Baldy to pick
out one for his master to buy the doleful
result of things would change. It looked
like a crazy thing to do. but the show
man regarded Old Baldy as almost infal
lible. "When the keyboard had been paint
ed Old Baldy was marched up to the
piano and addressed by Herr Souder
•omething like this: "Now. Baldy,
After that OM Baldy refused to let him
fat for several days any of the bran of
v.-hieh th<» p'crhants are so fond. Since
this heroic treatment the African ele-
Another member of this interesting fam
ily, on© of African origin, with blgr, fan
shaped ears and llttl« head, had a.
great habit of stealing. The keepers had
tried every way to break r'm. During per
formances he would reach out his trunk
and deftly take handkerchiefs, belt buck
les, etc.. from unsuspecting- visitors. Thl«
chap would run away every chance he got
ard steal everything ho could from the vil
lagers and hide the stolen articles In all
Forts of places about the animal quarters.
When Old Bald? was called upon to take
the wror.prdoer In hand he let him escape
two or three times and then furtively
watched what was done with the things
purloined. On© frosty morning, after the
slr.r.er had returned from his stealing
trip, Old-Baldy ran him Into a corner and
beat him fiercely with a small stake. Then
he took him by the ear to the places
where the articles were hidden and made
him take each In turn back to th© place
from which it had been stolen.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
10
ANECDOTES OF
ANIMALS IN THE
HOSPITAL.
AN ELEPHANT
WHO HAS A WORK
ING BRAIN" Lady Mary Saurln, who died In London
the other day, . having nearly completed
her hundredth, year, had. during: her
.. sumk ¦¦--.¦ ¦ •-¦•"-, .32
genuousiy termed the "Earth Mirror." It
Is also called the crystal ball or Arda
Spiegel. According to the description it
was "used in ancient times by fortune tel
lers, sightseers and treasure seekers. It
Is claimed that some persons are gifted
with a natural-born talent that by looking
through one of these crystals they are en
abled to foretell great events and hidden
things." The advertisement adds: — "Any
body that wants one, we have them put
up in nice plush packed cases. Price, $10,
postpaid." ¦ '
The credulity of mankind, or certain
species of mankind, Is certainly proved
by the foregoing. The buying and sell
ing divining rods and gold bricks of va
rious degrees will continue until the end
of time. P. T. Barnum, when he made his
famous remark "A new fool Is born every
minute," based It on a long experience
with human nature.
ime a compass, in the center is a needle
supposed to indicate the depth of the hid
den treasure or mine.
There Is also another Instrument, called
in the catalogue the new goldometer. It
is described as a "new invention for the
convenience of prospectors, miners and
treasure seekers. The goldometer is heav
ily charged and sealed with the strong
est ingredients for discovering gold, sil
ver, hidden treasures and other minerals
In the earth. It Is very powerful in locat
ing a spot of underground treasure, as its
magnetic force always ¦works perpendicu
lar, while rods which mark both perpen
dicular and horizontal at the same time
are not as powerful as the goldometer in
determining the exact spot of the treas
ure or body of mineral. It Is so construct
ed that it can be easily used in every nook
and corner." and Is conveniently put up in
a strong leather case, with full directions
as to use. Price, by express, $15."
One of the most Interesting items In tha
catalogue from a psychological point ot
view Is an advertisement of ¦***>• hat Is in-
other words, that he had decided to go
Into the business himself.
Heading the list of testimonials in this
remarkable catalogue is what purports to
be «*n extract from a New York evening
paper. It possibly Is genuine, but a close
reading proves that It is not, after all,
Euch a strong testimonial In favor of the
divining rod. The extract is headed
"Minerals Located by Magnetic Needles,"
and it runs as follows:
"The magnetic needle has long been
considered a reliable medium for defining
the locations of veins containing mineral
or other similar deposits, and in the
course of some experiments recently con
ducted by Professors Rucket and Thorpe
and other eminent scientists some re
markable confirmations of and additions
to the theories hitherto held on the sub
ject were achieved. It was found that on
approaching an area beneath which min
erals were deposited tho needle became
deflected.
"In cases where tTie mineral was near
to tne surface th» deflection was most
acute, and where It was hidden far below
the surface the degree of deflection was
accordingly diminished, so that by care
fully noting: the movements of the needle
it was possible not only to fix the exact
locality ¦where iron was to be found, but
also, according to the degree* of deflec
tion, to fix with tolerable accuracy the
depth at which the vein would be met." £2
It will be seen that only one mineral Is
mentioned in this extract, and that min
eral one seldom sought after by people
who purchase divining rods at $20 per rod.
The most sancuine farmer would not
care to waste his time looking about un
der hayricks and In the old "me'dder" for
Iron depoeits. It is evident this crafty
dealer in modern gold bricks has a very
poor opinion of his customers as men of
intelligence.
The business of manufacturing and sell-
Ing divining rods is the direct outcome of
the ancient belief in the value of the hazel
or peach rod. It Is generally believed that
wooden rods of the material mentioned
will aid In tho discovery of hidden springs
ot water, ana in some parts or tne united
States, especially in the South, the rural
classes concede the power of finding min
erals to the hazel and peach rods. The
present day dealers in mineral rods and
their adjuncts have enlarged upon the old
superstition, and, as proved by the sta
tistics of this peculiar trade, they have
found the business remunerative.
Many classes of rods are manufactured,
ranging in price from $10 to $25. The dif
ference is in the length and finish. The
cheaper rod Is two feet three inche's over
all. and consists of two sections of steel,
one section of glass tubing and a pair of
flexible whalebone handles. The glass
tubing contains what* Is supposed to be
sold dust. It is really iron pyrites. The
tip of the instrument is strongly^ magnet
ized, and one of the probfs'of its efficiency
Is its power to pick up a needle or a small
nail.
The instrument costing $25 is an elabor
ate affair, highly polished and decorated.
It also has a 'glass tubing, but the tub
in gr is In tho shape of a ring graduated
whole life, an unvarying habit of eatln*
something every two hours. She never
In any circumstances departed from this
custom, and to It she ascribed her good
health and longevity. When traveling or
going about London she carried a littla
bag of sandwiches with her, and at the
expiration of every two hours she would
open her bag and eat one or two. Up to
the end of her life the mind or tats
marvelous old lady seemed strong and
active, ana her memory was remarkable.
At the time of the battle of Waterloo her
father, Lord Harrowby. held offlce aa
President of the Council, and his town
house was In Grosvenor square. Lady
Mary has often related the history of
events at that critical moment and re
counted vivid recollections of the rejoic
ings and Illuminations in London when
the news of the great victory was re
ceived. She would also tell tales of th«
days of the Chartists and the Cato street
conspiracy. This was a deep laid plot to
assassinate the entire Government of the
day, and the blow was arranged to be
struck when the members of the Cabinet
were assembled at dinner at the house of
her father, Lord^arrowbyj j^Grosriaos
squar-y^
<n N New Tork C!tv. located on one of
i the narrow- side streets dnrrn town, is
ii a factory !n -which are made every
year more than llrt.OOC worth of divln-
Ir.g rods for use Jr. finding hidden treas
ure*. From this factory alor.» are turned
out ar.d sold each year almost five thov
sand fake rods, which means that in the
rural districts within two or three hun
dred mile* of the metropolis are found
every twelve month* that many gullible
farmer? ar.d Ignorant hayse?<2erf.
The details of this remarkable business
are almost beyond deception. Can you
heller* there 5s cr« man at this end of
the clv:l!red nineteenth century blockheaJ
ev.ouph to Imagine even for a momert
that ho can discover p-Id mines ard hid
den treasures with the aid of a metal
red simply touched witn loadstone?
• ¦an you believe men live to-day. whi'e
men. mf-r. educated- In the iinraon schouls
of the country. m«n tesiding In towns
•quipped with newspapers and churches
mnd circuiting libraries— can you bellev-.
I say. there are men dense enough to pay
from $15 to $35 of th»ir toil earned money
fir ench things as divining rods, treas
ure spears ar.d treasure perfumes?
It Is worse even than the cold brick
Ftvindle. A farmer visiting New York
for the ¦purpose o f exchanging h!s good
money for what he believes to be the
roduet cf a legitimate mine is Rlmply
-'""-.ducting a business transaction. There
If do thought of magic nor of the black
Err. but merely a commercial exchange.
The hayseed who strikes up a dicker
with a preen poods man also Is working
*»n an everyday commercial basis. But
the farmer or villager who invests in a
*iv;r.ir.g rod. a treasure spear or treasure
perfume marks th» irar;p<» nf his intellect
below that of a Dipper Indian. Alas for
our species!— there are many of them.
Frcm a Per.nsrlvan'a town, not the
smallest in the State, comes a catalogue
advertising the business of a dealer In
Cirfaicg rods and their edjunctn. The
catalogue shows signs of prosperity. It
Is printed in an attractive manner and is
Illustrated with a number of drawings.
It advertises for gale divinsr.; rods of
¦ :: us degrees, poldcmeter?. patent
needle dipping compasses, "new magic
gold and silver chronometers." earth mir
rors, treasure spears, loadstone and mac
netlc pandf, treasure perfumes. Seals Of
the Sixth and Seventh Bocks of Moses,
books Illustrating the working of hazel
and reach rods, and various other alda
to farmers with afflicted intellects.
In thla catalogue are also testimonials
¦whi^h for absurdity, aslnlnity and general
"nerve" cannot be surpassed. To quot"*
from these testimonials !s to reveal a
condition of mental obliquity almost be
yond belief. It Is a record of dense lg
r.orance and criminal prevarication. There
!¦ also a strain of pathos, the pathos of
shattered hopes, disappointed ambitions
end broken faith.
Fr«->rn a town In Georgia, under date of
Fpp'ember, 1S99, comes a letter addressed
to the proprietor of the catalogue. It In
literally as follows:
"rvar Sir: I received the rod which I
r.rdered some time ago aid am well
pleased with It. I found it works all
right, f am satisfied with it. I found a
ten cent, piece with it. Works nicely.
"B. T. STURVES."
The miners! rod this unfortunate pur
chased cost him $!3. And he found, not a
pold mine, not a pot of pirates' treasure,
not even a Spanish doubloon, but a 10
cent piece! And he says in h'l3 testi
monial that he Is satisfied with his rod.
J. A. SparkSeld of Mississippi proffers a
testimonial delicious In its wording. He
Bays:
"Drr.r Sir: This is to certify that the
instrument I bought from you about a
year ago works like a charm. Send me a
catalogue of all the Instruments you have
In stock. Do you have any that will
locate nothing but money?"
The naive simplicity of the last sentence
of Mr. SparknVld's letter cannot be eur
pawfd. He apparently does not care to
bother with srold or silver In their crude
rtate. His desire is for an Instrument that
¦v.iJI !:nd money ready for use. It Is easy
to conjure a vision of this man searching
the by-lanes ar.d meadows of Mississippi
for hurled coin.
A man living In Forest City. Ark., writes
under date of January 13, 1&5S, to this ef
fect:
"Dear Sir: After a long time I write you
a. few linos to Inform you that I received
my rod all right and can find money any
where with It. I have sold it and want to
know v. hat you will sell me another like It
for. I can sell half a dozen of them."
An analysis of this letter leads to very
peculiar results. The writer says in the
epace of a brief letter that he received the
rod a long time ago. and. although he
eould find money anywhere wkh It. had
fold the rod. It seems hardly probable
that an Instrument possessing the In
valuable virtue cf finding money any
where would be sold. The fact that thH
citizen of Forest City had discovered that
he could sell half a dozen of the mineral
rods would imply that he had taken a leaf
from the cataloguer's own experience; . In
THH BU^DAT GAIili.
11
HOW THE AMERICAN
FARMER FOOLED OUT
OF THOUSANDS
SEEKING WATER AND
BURIED TREASUREJailor- Made Cosiume of the Empress Jsi Hsi.
THE EMPRESS TSI HSI la
full of the devil's favorite
sin, "the pride which apes
humility."
• When young and with only her
face as h-er fortune she did not scru
ple to avail herself of every trick and
charm which could be derived from
her habiliments.
Now Tsi Ssi, a ruler by her brains,
coarse and. arrogant, styles herself
the only man-in China, and following
the manner of tho ladies of the West,
rigs herself out in a . Marichu . tailor
made gown. To this same simplicity
she has also reduced the four first
class, the twenty-seven second class
and the. eighty-one third class wives
of the young Emperor, so that no lady
of the palace shall have any oppor
tunity of trading upon her personal
beauty in order to gain favor In the
intrigues of the court.
For months the plans were being ma
tured and letters and documents were
prepared and gradually accumulated in
places where they were afterward dlscov- .
ered.
Tho eve of the day when the plotters'
coup was to be made, Yuen SI Kal. com
muning with himself, saw the wickedness
of what Kang Yu Wai had planned, that
it was murder and not reform which he
was about to accomplish, so ho made up
his mind -to expose Kang.
Too late to enter the Forbidden City,
he changed his mind. The soldiers were
already within. At Kang's command they
would in the morning blindly do his bid
ding and exterminate the oldest of living.
The Governor determined that his ac
tions had been wrong. Late at night ho
caused the gates to be forced that h<s
might obtain audience with the people of
the palace.
It was useless to appeal to tho young
Emperor, as Kang would Indirectly hear
of It
Tho only person, then, in whom resided
the power to stop the. carnage which
Kang bad planned, was her Majesty, the
Dowager Empreaa. To h«r thd Governor
laid bare the plot. At a hasty conference
It was decided to let the coup go on aa
planned, but with Kang and his co-con
eplrators as the objects of its vengeance.
So it was planned and as planned it
occurred. Kang was the victim of his
own well planned coup. Kwang Su was
placed on the. throne by reason of hia
progressive and intelligent spirit, which
he displayed at a phenomenally early
period of his youth, and the Empress had
always been Regent.
When, however, his adviser, Kang Yu
Wai, had attempted to turn his reform
unto revolution it was considered advis
able that her Majesty should for a time
aid in the administration of affairs to put
an end to Kang's conspiracy.
Kang has borne a charmed life. The
seizure of the reformers was made at
night, yet he escaped in disguise to
Shanghai. There he went on board of a
British boat, and although pursued by
several" Chinese men of war, the English
officers refused to surrender him, not
knowing, perhaps, what was his offense.
- He is now at j tho head of tho reform
party end It is not for tho reason that
the reformers '. wish \ to ' modernize *' China.,
but because they have at their head a
traitor and would-be regicide, that the
Imperial government of the Middle King
dom keeps such close and Jealous watch
upon their movements.
. Now that it may be known how came
the stories of tho coronation of a new
Emperor In place of Kwang Su.
He had married at the age of 16 a beau
tiful princess, most blessed in gifts of the
gods of all of three hundred of the most
noble daughters of the Manchu nobles,
who were presented at the palace for se
lection. 1 ;V './y.
Yet though she- was so fair to see she
was denied tho one great blessing of a
Chinese wife— a son.
By the law of the kingdom if the Em
peror have no son at the age of 30 years
he may choose for" himself an. heir from
the sons of royal blood.
-''Therefore it was the ceremony of the
selection of tho heir that set the mag
pies of the palace to chattering, and those
who knew. not Bald that a new Emperor
had bean chosen.
,. A price is still on the head of the traitor
Kang and upon the heads of those who
conspired, with Wm.. Kwang Bu. yet Uvea
HER imperial Majesty, Dowager
Empress of the Middle Kingdom,
believing that the time has now
come when It is necessary to break
the custom of silence which has bound
her empire's rulers for near 5000 yeara,
rr.akep this statement, not for her self
defense, but as a Justification of her peo
ple, who. refusing to be led by false coun
selors, are Buffering unmerited penalties.
Never before has It been necessary for
a regent or Emperor of China to intrude
upon the world a relation of those mat
ters which properly concern In th*»lr ad
ministration only the Internal .depart
ments of the' Government.
There v.as one who was Intrusted at
the palace with the counseling and higher
education of his Majesty.
This man, placed so close to the source
of power, became blinded and dizzy. He,
Kang Yu Wai, self-styled reformer, was
a conspirator who planned murder whole
sale to make himself a sovereign power.
Kang formed a conspiracy with Tuen
El Kai, now Governor of Shantung, who
was then the head of the palace guards.
It was^ arranged that the soldiers were to
be brought together for the ostensible pur
pose of drilling them within the- walls;
that at a given signal they were to rush
upon and slaughter tho Dowager, all of
the Princes and court officials and leave
nose but the Emperor and the friends of
Kang Yu Wai to conduct the Govern
menV
only one ever taken showtog the
mighty Empress as she looked at
the zenith of her power. All others
are copies of pictures taken at the
time she first entered the palace.
and governs In this the twenty-sixth year
of his reisn. HO xow.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
The Prince looked astonished, but went
on: "Well, If you haven't time now, Mr.
Allen, perhaps you may have tim» whea
you visit England. At any rats, don't for
get me." •
Though Colonel Allen has visited Eng
land many times he has never availed
himself of this invitation, but last year
when the Prince received a representative
of the Sons of the of the American Revo
lution he said: "I was looking over an old
dtary and I came across the strangest In
cident that happened to me during ray.
American visit. It was about a man'
named Allen who refused to meet me. Do
you know him? I'd like to meet that mas
again?"
- But th«7 haven't met yqt»
good time. Will yon call upon m» at nay.
hotel?"
"No," was the prompt reply. "I haven't
the time.
OFFICE
DSQUAWTON
OF TRE
POSTfTO^ OF
THE EMPRESS
DOWAGER.
Probably the only American of distinc
tion who was In New York at the time and
declined to meet the Prince of Wales when
ho visited America before the civil war
has not been forgotten by Eng
land's future King since, says
the Philadelphia Saturday Evening
Post. It Is an odd story. The American
Is Colonel Ethan Allen, author, financier, '
diplomat and clubman. Allen was about
the Prince's age. a law student at the
New York University. Ho refused to at
tend any of the functions.
"If the Prince wants to see- ma let him
call on me," he said.
His friends laughed. But the Prince did
call upon Allen the first week ho was
here, It was In the old university build
ing In Washington Square, where young
Allen had ehut himself up for study.
That same day the Chancellor was to
receive the Prince In another part of the
building.
The reception hour came and Allen sat
in his solitude. Before long he heard a
loud knocking and a voice:
"Open this door. Who's In there?"
He opened the door and there stood
Chancellor Ferris, and on his arm was the
Prince. They ovldently felt it a relief to
be out of the Jam. The members of the
party were advanced In years except Mr.
Allen and the Prince, and the two boys
came together. —
"I'm glad to know you, sir," the Princ*
Bold.
"Thank you, sir," gald Mr. Allen.
The two then took, seats together and
talked for more than an hour. "When they
parted the Prince, said:
p n don't knowwhen I bay* had roeh »-
rllE following statement is
in the nature of an official
communication from the
throne, being made through Ho
Ycrji', imperial Consul General to
the United States.
It puts a new light upon the
hitherto inexplicable condition of
affairs at Peking and is most im
portant as showing that the Man~
elm dynasty is at last in favor of
the very reforms which it has
hitherto steadily combated — in fact
a tacit admission of the ail-wiseness
of tJie great reformer, Kang.
The accompanying photo, is the
EXCLUSIVE
SIGNED
STATEMENT
BY CONSUL
GENERAL
HO YOW.
12
THE EMPRESS OF CHINA IN HER OFFICIAL ROBESVOLUME LXXXVIII— SO. H3.
Pages 13 to 22
SIGNS OF A DESIRE ON PART OF ENGLISH-SPEAKING
STRIKERS TO RETURN TO WORK IN THE COAL MINES
.
Many oi the GolMenes Ian the Anthracite Fields That Have 'Been Closed During the Week May
ir\©siui]nni'© six L©sisx ii surttiisiiiiiyo
UMKNOWN AMERICAN
VESSEL FOUNDERS
Goes Down With Her Crew of About
Twenty on the Grand
Banks.
ST. JOHNS, N. F., Sept. 22.— An un
known American fishing vessel foundered
on the Grand Banks during last week's
gale and all of her crew, about twenty in
number, perished. The French "banker"
Thorndyke foundered and • fifteen of her
crew were drowned, while six escaped.
The schooner Eddie lost three men. The
schooner Dolphin was dismasted and lost
five men. A number of other vessels were
greatly damaged and many of the fisher
men* who were away in boats overhaul-
Ing their trawls when the gale arose were
drowned. * -
Committee has challenged Senator Hanna
chairman of the National Republican
Committee, to a joint discussion. Mr Ed
mlston makes hla desire known in a "lone
communication which contains a list of
thirty-four questions for Mr. Hanna to
answer In public debate.
CLOSE ON OUTLAWS' TRAXL.
Capture , of the Winnemucca Bank
Robbers Hourly Expected.
• WIXXEMTJCCA. Nev.. Sept. 22.— News
was received to-night which points to tho
speedy capture of the three men who cob
bed the First National Bank at this place
last Wednesday. The dispatch was dated
at White Rock, a lonely mountain station
far In the northeastern corner of tho
State, and was sent from there by courier
forty miles to Tuscarora. It stated that
the Joint posse from Winnemucca ana
Tuscarora was hot on the trail of th© rob
bers, following the lead of a noted Indian
trailer named "Jack" .Lowry, and every
nan of the pursuing party was deter
mined to stay to the end, which must soon
come.
The country In which the robber hunt
Is being conducted 13 the roughest imag
inable, and the bandits are being followed
from one mountain fastness to another
with all the speed possible in such a
region. A number of the horses abandoned
by the robbers In their flight have been
recovered and the fugitives are now at the
end of their resources In tho way of ob
taining fresh mounts, while the pursuers
are changing horses every few hours.
News of a pitched battle Is expected here
at any time.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Sept. 22.— A Cr« In
the Hass Keul (Khas Kol?) district haa
destroyed 150 residences, forty shops and
a svnazocue.
Many Buildings Burned.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. Sept. 22. — A man was
picked up In an unconscious condition at
7:30 o'clock this evening at the entrance
of the Hotel Rafael grounds by John Mc-
Laughlln. a bus driver. He was taken
to the office of Dr. Howard, who found
that he had sustained a severe scalp
wound over the left temple. One of his
ears was nearly torn off, while his left
hand was also nearly severed.
The man remained in a comatose state
for two hours, but revived, and during a
lucid interval" said his name was High and
that he lived at 109 OFarrell street. He
muttered something about a wife and
soon relapsed into unconsciousness.
He is about 65 years of age, with a full
gray beard, and apparently In good cir
cumstances. Dr. Howard has slight hopes
for Ws recovery, but will be better able
to ascertain the result of the man's in
juries this morning. High will be kept
at Dr. HowarS's office on Fourth street
to await the result of hla wounds.
¦ It is thought that High was run Into by
some careless driver who entered the hotel
grounds. The driver, on seelns that he
had seriously Injured the man, evidently
drove off In haste.
Challenges Senator TTftrma,
LINCOLN. Nebr.. Sept. 22.— Vice Chair
man Edmlston of the Populist National
Supposed San Franciscan Receives
Injuries Which It Is BelieVed
Will Result in His
Death. • ¦",.: ¦
FOUND UNCONSCIOUS
MAR HOTEL RAFAEL
Opens the Birmingham Canvass With
an. Address at a Great Open- .
Air Meeting.
LONDON, Sept. 22.— Joseph Chamber-
CHAMBEELAIN DEFENDS
SOUTH AFRICAN WAR
LONDON. Sept. 22.-A special dispatch
from Lourenzo Marques says that Boers
arriving there report that collisions are
occurring on the frontier between Portu
guese troons and burghers, whom the
former wish to disarm on entering Portu
guese territory. Several have been
wounded and further fighting is feared.
The Portuguese are almost powerless un
til reinforcements arrive.
The following dispatch has been re
ceived from Lord Roberts:
"PRETORIA, Friday, Sept, 21.-Methuen
completely pouted a Boer convoy at Hart
Kiver, west of Klerksdorp. and recap
tured a 15-pounder lost at Colenso. He
also. captured 26 wagons. S00O cattle, 4000
sheep, 20,000 rounds of ammunition and 2S
prisoners.
"Hildyard occupied Vreyheid Septem
ber 19, turning out the Boers from a
strong position. The British casualties
were few.
"Clery has captured a Hollander-Amer
ican belonging to Theron'a scouts, who
confirms the reports of Theron's death."
lain In opening the Birmingham canvass
this evening delivered an address to a
great open-air meeting. His speech waa
an impassioned arraignment of the oppo
nents of the war in South Africa, in tho
course of which he said:
"I waa going to call thorn traitors, but
I will Instead say misguided individuals."
Mr. Chamberlain challenged the Liber
als to point out a single provocative word
or sentence In the dispatches exchanged
during the ante-war negotiations He
charged the Boers with having broken
every pledge and promise made to thtv
British and declared that they had long
been planning to kick the English out of
South Africa.
Mr. Chamberlain criticized the address
of Sir Henry Camnbell-Bannerman. Lib
eral leader, ami Sir William Vernon Har
court as lacking In breadth and clear
ness. The country, he said, wanted tr>
know their views, but when not indefinite
they were Inaccurate. It was audacious
to assume that If the soldiers were back
from South Africa they would vote for
the opposition. The speaker appealed to
the country not to put the settlement of
the war In the hands of a congress of dis
contented atoms calling Itself a party,
but which is only a conglomerate mix
ture, divided on everything except slan
der and abuse of the Colonial Secretary.
COLLISIONS ON THE FRONTIER
BETWEEN PORTUGUESE AND BOERS
would be sent among ' them to "incite
riot."
The switchmen continue to work as
usual, handling coal without Inquiring
whether or not It Is union or non-union
product.
MILLS TO RESUME OPERATIONS.
Amalgamated "Workers and. Steel
Manufacturers Reach an
i
Agreement.
CINCINNATI, Sept. 23.— At 12:30 this
morning both sides of the wage confer
ence between the Amalgamated "Workers
and the Steel Manufacturers gave out
that they have reached an agreement.
The scale will be signed and all the mills
will start next week. No details are
given out. '
At 1 a. m. both sides in the wage con
ference between the Amalgamated Work
ers and the Iron and Steel companies
signed the scale. Each ' side made com
promises. Xo details will be given out.
CONDEMN SHERIFF'S ACT.
Mine-Workers' Officers Also Censure
Governor Stone.
WILKESBARRE. Pa.. Sept. 22.— At a
meeting of the officers of the local assem
blies of the United Mine "Workers to-day
resolutions were adopted condemning the
action of Sheriff Toole of Schuylklll
County in firing on the strikers at Shen
andoah, and also censuring Governor
Stone for ordering out the militia.
Statement by the President of the
again on the march early this morning.
At 4 a. m. £50 strikers' from Audenreld,
Jeansville and McAdoo and sixty, women
of tho latter place started for Coleraln,
where an early morning mass meeting
was held.
SAYS MEN DESIRE TO WORK.
Reading Company.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 22.-The follow
ing statement was given out to-day from
the office of President Harris of the Phil
adelphia and Reading Railroad Company:
"Nineteen of our collieries are at work
this morning and twenty are idle. The
idle ones are those about Shamokin, Ma
haney City and S-henandoah. In the last
two named districts our men generally
worked yesterday. They were attacked
by Poles and other rioters as they went
home and many of them were injured.
"So far as we are informed, our men
are desirous of working wherever they
will be properly protected. Our own pro
tective force has been largely Increased
and- everything possible has been done to
keep the situation well in hand."
PARADE OF MENU EMPLOYES.
Many of the Boys in I,ine Are of
Very Tender Age.
SCRANTON, Pa., Sept. 22.— A parade of
2000 slate pickers, runners, drivers, door
tenders and helper^ from the mines of
Scranton and vicinity was the feature of
to-day. The parade was planned by Or
ganizer Dllcher.to show how mariy chil
dren who ought to be in school were
forced Into the mine by reason of their
fathers being paid such poor wages. It
was a sight that would move the hardest
heart. Fully a third of the boys in line
appeared to be about 9 or 10 years of age,
and inquiry among them elecited the start
ling fact that not a few 8-year-old chil
dren were numbered in the parade.
A mass meeting followed at Laurel Hill
Park, at which addresses .were made by
H. McCarty of San Francisco and others.
The burden of their talk was an appeal
to the strikers to avoid being driven to
acts of disorder. •
An address was sent to strike headquar
ters at noon by President Mitchell," ap-.
pealing to the miners to continue their
good behavior and avoid being agitated
by emissaries of the companies who
through the United Mine Workers' or
ganization, together with bringing the
militia to the scene, haa set the strikers
to thinking and they realize that the bat
tle is apparently going against -.them.
The washeries, which operated all the
week, are still going. No disorder haa
broken out anywhere in this region. The
men are peaceable and are remaining
away from the mines.
m
DEPUTIES GUARD COLLIERIES.
Arrival of Militia Said to Have
Calmeu the Strikers.
HAZLETON, Pa., Sept. 22.-Calmnes3
prevailed throughout the Lehigh region
this morning. There is still intense feel
ing in the public mind, but the sending of
troops to Shenandoah, twenty-five miles
from here. Is generally regarded as bring
ing matters to a crisis, and the situation
here 3 is therefore somewhat relieved.
Armed deputies are distributed near most
of the collieries and along public roads
leading to mining properties. There was
the usual number of strikers out early
this morning, trying to persuade workers
not to go into the mines, but they did not
meet with as much success as on the pre
vlous days of the week. Strikers were
careful not to carry their persuasion to
the point of intimidation, thus avoiding a
conflict with the deputies. So long as the
idle men in this district, who number more
than 14,000, refrain from gathering In large
crowds and- marching from town to town,
there Is little likelihood of a general dis
turbance.
The situation Is practically unchanged.
The Markle mines at Jeddo and Oakdale
are working with an increased force and
the company is making every effort to get
all its men back. There is a considerable
number of watchmen on the company's
property, and the Sheriffs deputies are
within easy reach. Mr. Markle says he Is
determined to give all the men in his em
ploy who desire to work a chance to do
so, and adds that he will protect them if
it takes the entire military force of Penn
sylvania to accomplish it.
There was danger of trouble at Sandy
Run early this morning. "*na hundred
men from Freela.nd went there at 3 o'clock
to stop the F. C. Kemmerer colliery from
starting up. There was a parley near
tho colliery* and the strikers agreed to let
the men work on the promise that they
will not return to the mines Monday
morning.
The men and women of McAdoo were
OPERATORS MAKE REPLY
TO PRESIDENT MITCHELL
WILKESBARRE, Pa., Sept. 23.— The operators here, in reply to the open letter, of
President Mitchell of the United Mine-Workers, make this statement:
"Mr. Mitchell's demands simply mean a recognition of Mitchell. There are indica
tions that he is weakening and ready to fall down. Defeat stares him in the face and the
strikers are beginning to realize the true situation of affairs. It is cropping out all over the
strike region. The men want to return to work. The claim of Mr. Mitchell and other lead
ers of the United Mine- Workers that no depredations would be committed while they were
in charge of the strike has been nullified by the acts of the men at Shenandoah. The leaders
are unable to control the unruly element."
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 22. — At the end of the first week of the strike in the coal fields of Pennsylvania there are not wanting signs ot a desire on the part of some of the strikers to return to their
work. This sentiment is generally c onfined, so far as reported, to the English-speaking .element among the mine-workers. Experience has shown that these men are the most conservative, the foreigners being impulsive
and hot tempered in strike times. Notwithstanding. the serious outbreak necessitating the sending of troops to Schuylkill County, everything is reported quiet jn the entire coal region to-night. There is a feeling that
efforts will be made in all districts Monday to start mines that are now idle. The persistence of corporations and individualmine-owners in asserting that they will consider grievances of their employes individuallv, but
will never under any circumstances treat with the United Mine-Workers, has undoubtedly had its effect, and it would not be surprising if many mines that have been closed since the strike began resume operations, at least
partially, the beginning- of next week.
SIIEXAXDOAH. Pa.. Sept. 22.—
"With the arrival of the militia
here to-day this borough assumed
its normal condition and the an
ticipated resumption of violence
oa the part of the strikers did not occur.
Hearing that an attempt to work the
mines to-day would result In possible
V',^oc=hed, Sheriff Toole last night re
quested the mlr.eowners to suspend opera
x\('T.< until after the troops had arrived.
Th«>- only colliery which attempted to
work to-day was the William Penn. The
employes were, however, intercepted in
th :r way to the mln by strikers, who suc
c-edod in persuading them to return to
U-^ir homes.
)|~h<» flirt detachment of troops arrived
here ehortly before S a. m. and by 1:30
this afLcrnoon the Fourth. Eighth and
Twelfth regiments. Battery. C and tho
Governor's troops were here in full force
The arrival of the troops occasioned
much excitement among the residents,-es
ppcSaily rho strikers, who thronged the
vicinity of the railroad station from early
rhornlr.g ur.til late in the day. They were
sullen and muttered threats, but made no
attempt at v'cl<_nc«?.
It developed this morning that only one
person, Mike Yuckavage, was killed out
right in 3a«=t. evening** ehooting. Annie
Rogers, the little girl who it was sup
posed was shot to death, recovered con
sciousness some hours after the bullet
struck her In the back of the neck, and is
to-day In a fair way of ultimately getting
well.
ON SIDE OF THE STB.IKERS
Statements Issued by Father Phillips
and Mitchell.
HAZLETON. Pa., Sept. 22.— All Is quiet
and orderly in this region to-night. Presi
dent Mitchell of the United Mine Work
ers to-night issued a statement giving his
views on the calling out of troops at
Bher.andoah and the killing of a miner
by deputies at Shenandoah. The statement
Bays :
"From information I have received from
those who have Investigated the situation
it appears that the ehooting on the part
of the Sheriff ar.d his deputies was en
tirely uncalled for. Inasmuch as the strik
ers had not injured a slngls member of
the Sheriff's posse, and the circumstance
forcibly illustrates the ruthless disregard
the Sheriff and his deputies have for the
lives of persons whom it was their plain
duty to place under arrest If they had
violated any of the laws cf the State.
The Governor In calling out the Stale
troops has, in xny judgment, acted with
out investigation- I am confident that the
miners who are on strike are fully Im
pressed with the necessity of observing
the law and conducting themselves in a
peaceful manner at all times."
Father Phillips, who has worked dili
gently for arbitration as a means of set
tling the 6trike. to-night Issu?d a state
ment in which he comes out flatly on tho
side of the strikers.
UNDER CONTROL OF TROOPS.
Shenandoah the Scene of Activity on
the Part of the Militia.
ilARRlSBURG, Sept. 22.— Adjutant Gen
,1 Stewart received a telegram from
General Gobin at 10:30 o'clock from Shen
andoah saying everything was quiet In the
Schuylklll region and under his control.
He reached Shenandcah at daybreak with
six companies of Infantry and reports that
he was well received by the populace.
Many of the minors called upon him and
assured him that they would co-operate
with him in maintaining order.
General Gobin has begun to locate the
troops In the region and he expects to
have them all ' in camp by night. The
camp equipment was shipped from the
State arsenal early this morning and
reached Shenandoah at 10:30 a. m. in
charge of Colonel Richardson.
General Stewart was on duty all night
at the Xatlonal Guard headquarters and
is keeping himself in touch with General
Gobin by telephone. The first troops to
arrive on the ground were the companies
at Girardvllle, Tamaqua, St. Clalr, Ma
hanr»y City and Potts ville, of the Eighth
Regiment, and the Pcttsville company, at
tached to the Fourth Regiment.
Major General Miller reached here at
noon from Franklin, Pa., to consult with
Governor Stone and General Stewart and
perform such duties as may be necossary-
Attorney General Elkln also arrived dur
ing the daj- from Indiana, Pa., to advise
with the military officials on any legal
matters which may come before them.
General Miller is in command of the en
tire division of the guard. An order has
been Issued by the major general directing
the commanding officers of the Ninth
Regiment, with headquarters at Wllkes
barre, and the Thirteenth Regiment, with
headquarters at Scranton, to hold their
commands in readiness to. move at short
notice. The order also directs General
Gobin to take command of the provisional
brigade "to support tho Sheriff of Schuyl
klll County In protecting life and property,
restoring- order and securing to the citi
zens of the commonwealth their rights
and privileges under the constitution and
laws."
Governor Stone is being kept fully ad
vised of the movement of the troops and
the situation in the strike region. The
Governor's troop started from here for
Shenandoah at 6 o'clock this morning In
company with the two Harrlsburg com
panies of the Eighth Regiment.*''
MANY WTLU B.ZTXTRN TO "WORK.
At Several Mines the Strikers Are
Dissatisfied With Conditions.
RCRANTON, Pa_, Sept. 22.— President
Nlcholls and the members of District No.
1 executive board are not apprehensive
to-day of any change In the strike situa
tion In this section by reason of ordering
of troops to the Schuylklll region. The
news caused them much chagrin and dis
appointment because they had hoped for
the best of orfler there, the Bame as pre
vails In this region. Now that troops are
in the field on uncertainty is growing
among miners here as to their future.
From Forest City, where the Hillside Coal
and Iron Company has two oig mines, the
new* comes that many men are djssatls
fied with the present status of the strike
and have announced their Intention to gro
back to work on Monday. The Delaware,
Laekawanna and Western Company's
men, too. showed restlessness to-day an 1
a break may come in their ranks very
soon, as the company, through General
Superintendent Loomis, announced to-day
that as soon as the men get back to work
their demands as company employes ex
clusively will be taken up and consid
ered. The Pennsylvania- Coal Company
stands Jn a similar pbsitton and other
companies are ready to do th© same. The
companies' decided announcements that
they will not deal with tholr ©mployeo
PERSONAGES AND PLACES THAT FIGURE IN LATEST DISPATCHES CONCERNING PROGRESS OF THE STRIKE IN THE PENNSYLVANIA COAL REGIONS.
Pages 13 to 22
SAX FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1900— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
PRICE FFTE CENTS.
The San Francisco CallEMPEROR WILLIAM'S ELDEST SON AND THE GRANDDAUGHTER OP
QUEEN VICTORIA. WHOSE BETROTHAL IT IS EXPECTED WILL
BE A20TOUNCED 'WITHIN A VERT SHORT TIME.
BERXJN, Sept. 22.— The Crown Prince
Frederlok William of Germany, who is
taller by Inches than his father, is soon
to have a wife. Dynastlo reasons demand
that the marriage shall take place as
quickly as possible. Political and family
reasons seem to have narrowed the choice
of a bride to some one of the many fair
descendants of Victoria, Queen of Great
Britain an<J Ireland and Empress of India.
The future Empress of Germany has not
been announced as yet, but it is pretty
Severally understocd that she is the
Princess Beatrice, the youngest of the
four daughters of the late Duke of Saxe-
Cobure and Gotha
The Princess has Juet turned her cev
enteenth year, being two years , younger
than her prospective Imperial spouse. She
is not as beautiful as her sisters, one of
whom is Crown Priness of Roumania and
another Grand Duchess of Hesse. She is,
however, pretty and accomplished and
high-spirited to such a degree that fears
are said to be entertained tbat she may
not make as tractable a wife as the h»lp
meet of a German Emperor is supposed
to be.
Smith to Go West.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 22.— Postmaster
General Smith, who has been making a
campaign tour of West Virginia, has re
turned to Washington. He will leave to
morrow for Toledo, Ohio, where he speaks
Monday night. V :
SACRAM75NTO. BeDt. 22.— ¦William Wellman,
wanted in Santa Ro*» on a charge of assault
to commit murder, was arrested here to-day by
Detectives Fosher and Fitzgerald*
DTTNTON ARRESTED AT
OLD POINT COMFORT
Accused of Having Appropriated
Funds of the First National
Bank at Chicago.
, CHICAGO, Sept. 22.— W. H. Dunton,
whose extravagance Is said to have caus
ed the suicide of George S. Forbes, a tel
ler of the First National Bank, who out
of friendship for Dunton Is said to have
assisted the latter in misappropriating
$20,000, was captured to-day at Old Point
Comfort, Va.
When arrested by the United States
Marshal. Dunton was ashore from the
yacht Morgan, in which he had been
cruising with friends. The information of
the capture was given out bore by the
bank. Dunton will be broughtnt>ack here
where he has a wife and children
.;? lal8e M en £ r!e S> In .y ie books of the bank
n,™??*? '*. y ? re 5 tdent Forgan-to.be In
Dunton s handwriting. Ford, the teller.
conceal the fact that the money hadbeen
misused, and when he found that hla sup
posed friend had played him false and
RAISIN COMBINE FIXES
HIGH SCALE OF PUICES
New Schedule Puts the Bates TJp to
a Point They Never Have
Touched Before.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FR-ESNO, Sept. 22.— The highest prices
ever established by the California Raisin
Growers' Association were fixed by the
directors late this evening. There Is some
doubt as to whether the combine can
maintain the extraordinary rates. Within
the last three hours over 600 messages}
have been received from all parts of the
United States regarding the situation and
great excitement prevails in Raisin Row.
. The new schedule is as follows: Two
crown London layer, 20-lb box, ft 50;
three-crown London layer, 20-lb box, $i ft);
four-crown fancy clusters, 20-lb box, $2;
five-crown Dehesa clusters, 20-lb box.
12 60; six-crown Imperial clusters, 20-lb
box, $3; two-crown standard loose Musca
tels, 6 cents per 1b; three-crown standard
loose Muscatels, 6Vfc . cents jjer 1b: four
crown standard loose Muscatels, 7 cents
Ser tb; seedless Muscatels, 6i£ cents per
>; bleached Thompson's seedless (fancy),
12c per 1b; choice, 11 cents per 1b; stand
ard. 10 cents per 1b; prime, 9 cents per tt>;
unbleached, . 9 cents per lb; Sultanas,
fancy, 10Vi cents per lb; choice, 9^4 cents
per lb; standard, S% cents per tb; prime,
8 cents per lb; unbleached, 8 cents per lb.
Native Daughters Lend Aid.
GRASS VALLEY. Sept. 22.— Nearly 400
persons partook of a dinner given -by
Manzanita Parlor, Native Daughters, to
day, for the purpose of raising funds for
the. relief of the Galveston sufferers and
about $100 was netted. The money was
placed in the hands of Mayor Clinch to
be forwarded along with other moneys
received,
UBGES NEW METHOD
OP EDTJCATINQ INDIANS
Miss Estelle Beel Says the Children
Are Being Given Too Much
Mere Book Knowledge.
WASHINGTON, Sept 22.— In her annual
report to the Indian Bureau Miss Estelle
Reel, GeneraT Superintendent of Indian
Schools, advocates more Industrial train
ing for the Indian. Miss Reel believes In
giving the Indian child a thorough train
ing in the fundamental English branches,
but says that the theory of cramming the
pupil with mere book knowledge has been
a failure. A course In farming and such
knowledge of the trades as will enable
him to shoe his own horse, mend his
wagon, build his house and do the gen
eral repair work about the farm is rec
ommended for the boys, as well as the
teaching of the home-making duties of
the girls. . The property ownership plan
has a nrnminent place In Miss Reef's sys
tem of education. ¦ A strong plea is made
for compulsory education and the culti
vation of better crops and more acres of
land 'Is urged:
Miss Reel reports Increased enrollment,
better accommodations, greater facili
ties for industrial work and gratifying
Improvement over - previous years. Sev
enteen of the twenty-six months Miss
Reel has been superintendent have been
spent in the field.
She has traveled 41,000 miles, 20,000 miles
being by wagon, pack horses and on foot,
visiting for a season with the Indiarts in
camp and abode on the prairie, and stay
ing at the schools, where she could ob
serve the peculiarities of the children,
methods employed, and endeavoring to
ascertain how self-support, the great end
for which all are working, may be more
speedily accomplished.
"Were Undoubtedly Lost
PORT HURON, Mich.. Sept. 22.— Boats
are safely passing the wrecks of the
schooner Fontana and the new barge Mar
tin, the latter of which was sunk in the
St. Clair River rapids last night by a
collision with the steamer Yuam. There
& 1° SSXS 1 that Captain James Lawless,
Mate William Ross; the cook. Mrs. Bacon
and a. Swedish sailor went down with the
Martin.
Anson Clark.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Wheel Races at Vallejo,
VALLEJO, Sept. 22.— Races are to take
place at the local track to-morrow after
noon under the auspices of the Vallejo
City Wheelmen, a new organization.
There are a large number of entries, In
cluding cyclists from Sacramento. San
Francisco and Benicia, as well as local
riders. The great event of the day will
b t, t J lo^ twenty - nve - mile relay race, in
?VV, th , e teams to contest are: Vallejo—
Mi er Vice. Boree. Hardenbrook and
Hill; San Francisco— William Pueh H
Ryan. F. West, R. B. Main and F. E Car
roll.
VALLEJO, Sept. 22.— Anson Clark, for
fifty years an honored citizen of Vallejo
died hero this afternoon at his home. Mr.
Clark was a native of Maine, where he
was born seventy-five years ago. The
causo of his death was blood poisoning
Up to the time when the poisoning set in,
he w'as as hale and hearty as any man of
kj He worked until within a short time
of- his death as a shipwright on Mare
Island. He was a close friend of Admiral
Hichborn, the chief of construction and
repair of the navy yard.
Mrs. Sophia Schwab.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 22.— Mrs Sophia
Schwab died this morning. She was a
native of Germany and about 90 years old.
She was the mother of Mrs. R. Bernheim
from whos© residence the funeral will be
held to-morrow afternoon. ; . -
Miss Mary Bergen.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 22.— Miss Mary
Bergen, for thirty-five years a resident ot
Santa Cruz, died at -her home in East
Santa Cruz to-day. She was 85 years old
and a native of Ireland,
and American styles of riding, declares
the secret of American success lies In the
fact that the seat, «ven with experienced
Jockeys, Increases a horses stride twenty
four yards in every mile. The results of
the experiments receive considerable pub
licity.
PARIS, Sept. 22.-A state of open war
fare exists between the Municipal Council
and the Government. This was made ap
parent to-day by the publication of a let
ter from* the Premier, M. Waldeck-Rous
seau, declining all direct communication
with the Council.
The conflict has been simmering since
the Nationalists' victory at the late elec
tions and the choice of the militant Na
tionalist, M. Grebauval, as President of
the Council. The latter began hostilities
shortly after he assumed office by offer
ing an affront to President Loubet and M
A\ aldeck- Rousseau by ostentatiously leav
ing the festival in the garden of the Tuil
erles at which they were present. The
Nationalist press warmly approved this
action on the part of M. Grebauval.
. The Government's first reply was Its
failure to invite representatives of the
municipality to attend the unveiling of
the Washington and Lafayette monu
ments in this city and other like incidents
followed. Then came the municipality
projected fetes In honor of all the Mayors
of France, in connection with which
President Loubet refused to receive the
town officials, who were to offer him an
invitation, as the fete was obviously
Intended as a demonstration against
the Government. The latter, moreover
through the medium of the Prefects of the
Seine and Paris, strangled the fete by in
forming Mayor Grebauval that he had
no authority to issue Invitations; except
conjointly with the Prefects. M. Gre
bauval, thus humiliated and finding' that
most of the replies to his invitations were
refusals, in which the writers reproved
him for working to undermine the re
public, abandoned the fete. The Govern
ment cleverly retorted by announcing that
the people of Paris would not lose by the
abandonment, for the arrangements be
gun by the municipality would be carried
through under the auspices of the expo
sition authorities.
The next development In the duel was
a renewed bid for popularity by deciding
that the sum originally, allotted for the
expense of the mayoral fete should be
distributed among the poor of the various
wards. Then, it is stated, the municipal
ity asked an Interview with M. Waldeck-
Rousseau In order that they might dis
cuss a new municipal bill which would
make the municipality more Independent
This application was made by the Vice
President,, and M. ¦ p Waldeck-Rousseau's
response published to-day, Is the last and
most serious phase of the struggle.
M. Waldeck-Rousseau did not even
write to the Vice President dlreat, but to
the Prefect of the Seine, whom he asked
to inform the Vice President that his ap
plication Is refused. .
The Premier points out that M. Grebau
val has broken all relations with him
He says it is difficult to allow the Munici
pal Council to bo represented by the Vice
President when It desires to enter into
communication with the Government and
by the President when It Is a question of
insulting i It. M. Waldeck-Rousseau con
cludes by Instructing the • Prefect to re
ceive all the Council's communications to
the Government.
Waldeck-Rousseau's Letter
Reveals a State of Open
Warfare.
COUNCIL AND
GOVERNMENT
ARE AT ODDS
Special Dispatch ts The Call.
CALL, BUREAU, WELLINGTON HO
TEL, WASHINGTON, Sept. 22.— Brigadier
General Fitzhugh Le© Is uneasy about the
future of Cuba. In an interview here to
day he said: "The United States under
took the responsibility for the establish
ment of a stable form of government and
is pledged to the protection of British,
German, French and other foreign sub
jects residing and doing business In Cuba.
If the Cubans form an entirely Independ
ent government, rejecting all supervision
or control by the United States, and the
United States, acquiescing, withdraws
troops, relinquishing all authority, a ques
tion arises as to the guaranteed protection
of foreign interests.
"If any disorder should arise, and for
eign subjects should be injured and for
eign Interests suffer, all responsibility be
ing abandoned by the United States, the
power whose subjects were injured or
whose interests were threatened, would
undoubtedly send war vessels, perhaps
many of them to ports of Cuba to Insure
the protection which we no longer gave
and to compel reparation if injury had
been done. " .
"You understand what this would mean.
I don't know what this Government would
do if a government which rejects all con
nection with the United States Is or
ganized and the withdrawal of our troop3
demanded. It may be if there is a plain
Indication of disorder or Inability on the
part of the new government to preserve
order and protect foreigners that we will
retain troops on the island for the pur
pose of protection until tha stability of
the new government is assured."
As to the constitutional convention
General Lee said: "Everything in con
nection with it is problematical and ex
perimental. If* the Cubans can frame a
constitution and prove their ability to
govern themselves, so well and so good,
but if they cannot do this for themselves,
well, then somebody will have to do it for
them." i ¦ : ; • --
Withdrawal of the Troops
Might Cause Serious
Complications.
GENERAL LEE
UNEASY AS TO
CUBA'S FUTURE
NEW YORK, Sept 22. - A Havana
dispatch to the Evening Post to-day says:
The lawyers who are defending Rathbone,
the former director of posts, now on bail,
have asked the authorities hers for the
Indictment and extradition of Fourth As
sistant Postmaster General Joseph L.
Bristow. He is charged with being tech
nically more culpable than Rathbone, b'e
cause he has permitted the payment of
the salaries of Mr. Rathbone's coachman,
footman and gardener out of the Cuban
treasury until the end of May, after ask
ing that Rathbone be prosecuted for this
offense. This Is taken here as a sign that
Rathbone will fight the administration to
the bitter end.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 22.-Fourth As
sistant Postmaster General Bristow was
shown the Havana dispatch showing that
former Director General of Posts Rath
bone's attorneys had asked for his (Brls
tow's) indictment and extradition to Ha
vana. He laughed at the story and said
in view of the trouble It took to get a
man extradited to Cuba he dtd not feel
in any immediate danger. Regarding the
three private employes of Rathbone's
carried on the postoffice rolls, Mr. Bris
tow said:
"Those cases tyere taken up as soon as
I got to them. I investigated first the
Cuban postal service, then the Havana
office, and lastly Rathbone's Individual
accounts. These men were dropped from
the rolls at the end of May— a few days
after I had gotten around to them otn
cially. One of the questions that will
have to be decided In the case of Rath
bone Is whether he must reimburse the
Government for the salaries of men while
they were In his private employ. I had
no right to pass on that, but I could de
cide that they were not needed In the Ha
vana office and I dropped them accord
ingly. As to the charge of payinng them
after I had asked for Rathbone's prose
cution. It Is only necessary to say that I
never asked for his prosecution until after
I had returned home and handed in my
report."
HAVANA, Sept. 22.— With reference to
a dispatch from Washington announcing
that Fourth Assistant Postmaster Gen
eral Bristow had been shown a cablegram
from Havana stating that former Direc
tor General of Posts Rathbone"* attorneys*
asked for his (Brlstow's> Indictment and
extradition to Havana, Rathbone's coun
sels, Senores des Verne and Launza.' state
that they did endeavor to procure the
Fourth Assistant Postmaster General's in
dictment and extradition on charges of
maintenance of personal servants at Gov
ernment expense, but that Judge Baranga
disallowed the charges on August 20.
Want Fourth Assistant Post
master General Taken
to Cuba.
LAWYERS ASK
FOR ARREST OF
1 .L . BRISTOW
that the money was not forthcoming to
cover up the sums taken out he waa
driven to commit sulcdde.
m
AGED MAN SHOT ON
A TENNESSEE TURNPIKE
Sis Son "Was Murdered a Tear Ago
and He Was a Witness In
the Case.
FATETTEV1LLB, Tenn.. Sept. n.~
"William Patrick. TO years of ag«. was ¦»¦
sasslnated on the turnplko eight jr.:*. •
from this place. H« was tha father of
Andrew Patrick, who was murdered last
November, and was a witness In his son's
case.
When found William Patrick ms ieate-1
in his buggy with a' bullet hola through
his head. No arrests have been mads.
Grain Elevators Burned.
NEW YORK, Sept. 22.— Fire to-day par
tially destroyed the large grain house and
elevators on the Atlantic dock, Brooklyn,
causing a loss of $100,000 to buildings ar '.
contents. The warehouses are owned by
the Brooklyn Wharf and Warehouse Com
pany. The individual damage to stock
was: Nash. Whltten & Co.. 6000 bushels
of oats, and the Lyman Grain Drying
Company, 40,000 bushels. j
would occupy the Imperial palace, remove
the dragon flag and hoist his own flag,
thereby proving to the Chinese that the
allied forces are really masters.
The Berliner Post prints an article
which says: "The possibility is here con
sidered that China will refuse Germany's
demand to give up the main culprits. Then
forceful measures must be employed —
above all the occupation of a number of
the most important points in the coun
try."
The Foreign Office informs the Asso
ciated Press that France, Austria and
Italy have agreed to the German note.
The foreign official who made the state
ment added:
"The statement that General Tung Lu
has been proposed as one of the Chinese
peace commissioners Is untrue. Neither
Great Britain nor Germany would accept
him. I
"While Great Britain or Japan has not
formally accepted Germany s proposal,
the Associated Press learns from a reli
able source that there is little doubt that
they will accept."
The Foreign Office received this after
noon the United States* answer through
Baron Speck von Sternburg, the German
Charge d' Affaires at Washington, and
Mr. Jackson, the secretary of the United
States Embassy here. Mr. Jackson and
the Foreign Office officials refused to talk
on the subject. The German press at
taches great Importance to the Socialist
convention, which has just adjourned.
The Liberal papers believe the Socialist
participation in the Diet elections will re
dound greatly to the advantage of the
Liberals. The Vossische Zeitung to-day
demonstrates this In detail. The semi
official Berliner Corresponded saya:
"If the programme adopted by the So
cialist convention were carried out the
laboring classes would be the first to rise
against us. It would sink Germany into
poverty and Impotence."
General von Arnlm, who has returned
from the French maneuvers, being the
first German officer attending them since
1870, has been interviewed by a repre
sentative of the Associated Press. He is
pleased with the courtesy officially ex
tended him and commended the French
artillery, especially the cavalry. In gen
eral terms, but regarding the infantry he
said:
"As sharpshooters they are excellent,
but they are less so when fighting In the
ranks." '
OBJECT 'OF GERMANY'S
LATEST MOVES IN CHINA
BERLIN, Sept. 22.— The Austrian Em
bassador here. Count von Szogeny Has
march, in an interview said:
"There is an erroneous impression in
the press about Count von Waldersee's
mission. A. number of important tasks
await him. Above all h© must fore* China
to submit to the allied powers' peace con
ditions. Moral suasion. is entirely wasted
upon the Chinese Government, which, far
from being humiliated hitherto, still In
dulges in the hope of cheating the allies
out of the fruits of the victories by de
stroying the harmony among them. Von
Waldersee must arrange what military
demonstrations are required, what har
bors and inland towns must be occupied,
which points require expeditions and
which troops may retire from Peking. All
the powers are bound to this programme
by agreeing upon Von Waldersee as com
mander In chief, but each may reduce or
increase its contingent at will.
"Regarding the statement that Von
Waldersee will act as chief diplomatic
representative for the powers— If It
ever was intended— has been abandoned,
it is possible the powers may Jointly ap
point one plenipotentiary for the settle
merit of their joint demands, viz., the safe
guarding of the foreign colonies and mis
sions t© enable foreign merchants to
safely resume business everywhere in
China and also to rearrange the status of
the diplomatic corps. PonsibJy the "Chi
nese Government hereafter will be located
more Inland. Then the foreign diplomats
¦n^H. either be located at a treaty port,
perhaps Tientsin, or else they will need
large military protection.
"All of this von Waldersee must enforce
and also Germany's own special demands.
How each of the power's separate de
mands will be regulated and enforced is
a different matter. All the powers mean to
observe the motto. 'Ko further territorial
acquisitions,' but it will probably become
necessary for each power to occupy some
province or important point, of which the
taxes will be retained until each Is reim
bursed for its war outlay.
"With all that we must not forget that
the Boxers movement Is not yet dead."
The Lokal Anzeiger prints a special dis
patch from Shanghai saying Count von
Waldersee after his arrival at ' Peking
LCXBON, Sept. 22.— Lord Salisbury has
not j-et answered the German proposal.
Nor has he even discussed Its terms with
hi* cdvlsers. It is likely that several days
will elapse before Great Britain puts her
self on record regarding the suggestion
of Emperor "William. As Lord Salisbury
is the sole arbiter, and sls ha has re
frained from mentioning the matter to
bis intimates. It Is naturally Impossible
definitely to forecast the nature of Great
Britain'* reply. Those persons who are
generally Lord Salisbury's confidants sur
mise guardedly that he will fall into line
with Germany, though he may suggest
slight znofiiacailon of the stringent condi
tions. Moreover It is believed that the
German note may prove a source of a
somewhat lengthy exchange of communi
citlcr.s before the consensus of the opin
ions of the powers Is ascertained and even
individual influence might be brought to
change their views In the interest of har
mony. Xo Inkling of the nature of Wash
ington's attitude had reached Downing
strc6t this morning, except through press
dispatches.
The feeling prevails at th» Foreign Of-
Oce that America Is so close to the elec
tion that Ehe cannot be expected to take
In the immediate future a really serious
part in regard to China, either as a deter
rent or as an aggressive factor and Inter
est In the announcements from Washing
ton consequently war.es. In other words,
it is now believed that if th« European
powers can unite under Germany's lead,
ifie United States, even if dissenting from
-.he line of policy adopted, would be only
a passive objector. ... , . ,~
A Foreign Ofnce official being asked If
beneath the maze of diplomatic intricacies
he taw any reason to believe that a ser
ious disagreement were probable, says:
"N'o- judging from the present condi
tions the negotiations ought to come out
a'l right. The powers of ina world have
been negotiating as they never did be
fore and have not yet begun to call each
ether names. This Oermaji proposal is
the first thing which has taken us the
slightest bit forward for a month., a:id
being eo it naturally calls out more di
versified'opinions. But even should the
majority of the powers reject it, which
seems improbable. I do not believe it
wou'd mean a breakup of the concert.
Russia may, and I believe will, withdraw
practically all her troops. We do not
share in the opinion of some sections of
the English press that this Is due to a
Ru'sso-Ciilnose bargain.
•It is merely the logical sequence to
tbe hard and fast policy laid down by the
Czar. But. while expecting this, we do
rot think It will cr.d the negotiations to
rut China on a proper basis. Russia. liKe
iv enoiigh, will take Manchuria. V% hat if
she does? Bhe cannot colonize it herself.
The experiments in Siberia proved that.
She can only establip'n a form of govern
ment which will insure the protection of
2-<r railroad and affiliated enterprises, it
would be the Chinese and colonists otner
than Rupsia who would benefit, bo, even
if Russia assumes control of Manchuria,
end withdraws her troops from the prov
ince of Chili, the latter action bemg fol
lowr-d by the United States, there Is no
reason to suppose that it would prevent
the powers from securing reparation for
the outrages and Installing a government
•which wiU open China to the wor^d ana
< nB ure its eventual civilization.
* The anti-Russian cable dispatches of Dr.
Morrison, the Peking correspondent of the
London Times, are viewed in Downing
street ae belr.s more the result of the se
vere strain of the siege and the heated
rivalry that must prevail where eo many
nationalities are quartered together, than
an impartial recording of facts.
Lior<i Huberts' laconic report that noth
ing Is left of the Boer army but a few
••marauding bands," cams opportunely for
the Government. It was indeed an
r.ounced that Lord Salisbury avraited it
before •'going to the country. .laraud
ing hands do r.ot require the presence d
e. field marshal, so Lord Roberts' home
coming is eagerly awaited, though it would
teem that these same marauders will de
tain several army corps in South Africa.
But to all intents *md purposes, with the
exception of the casualty and Eick reports,
the war. eo far sls the British publlo Is
concerned, was ever weeks ago and the
doings of President Kruger are now fol
lowed with only half-hearted Interest.
mainly owing to the belief, apparently
well founded, that he will oe able to ac
complish, nothing by his projected visit to
the European capitals.
Regardless of party th« limaeatlal
dailies and weeklies urge that there
6hould be no delay in correcting the
abuses in the British army which have
been ehown. eo prominently by the present
war.
A committee of Inquiry Is now investi
gating th» question of officers' expenses
and is expected to recommend that col
onels be Instructed to repress the extrav
agance of the officers who eet the pace,
so mat it will in future be possible for
a young man to enter a crack regiment
without a minimum private income of
£500.
Charles Yerkes* London railroad deal,
the purchase of the franchise of the
Charing Cross, Easton and Hampsted
Underground Railroad, creates consider
able interest. He la said to be paying
£103.000 for the right, which has yielded
the promoters a handsome profit. The
prppent plans of the syndicate involve the
expenditure of nearly £4.000,000. The fact
that all the capital is coming from Amer
ica and that the English are not asked to
subscribe creates astonishment, which
the Daily Telegraph well voices, saying:
"Further developments In connection
with electrical traction are talked of by
Mr. Terkes, but far the most Etart
ling development Is the change which
eueh events as the building of an under
ground road In London with American
capital proves to have taken place in the
economic conditions of the United States.
"Until the last few days Europe had to
supply a large part of the capital needed
for the development of American indus
tries.
"In 1S35 it was foreign capital that saved
her frees disaster. Now her capitalists
ire not only subscribing to English war
leans and exchequer bonfls and German
treasury bills, but an American eyndlcate
declares lt« intention of spending several
millions in order to build a railroad In
London on which the best profit can be
but moderate."
The Times agrees with the Dally Tele
graph In earing Americans are a long
way ahead of England in electrical trac
tion, emphasizing the opinion by printing
en Its editorial page extracts from recent
reports from Lnited States Consul Hal
*.t»»ad at Birmingham.
The American jockey* have been doing
pplendid work lately. How eplendid can
be Judged by the fact that a London dally
heads to-day's racing report, "The Ameri
can Peril." During the week L. Relff
reached the top of the jockey list, but fin
ished Just two wins behind Loates, close
ly followed by Little Johnny Reiff. At
JyVngfieia I>ester rode "three and Johnny
four winners in succession. Johnny, at
Birmingham, won all but one race.
"Some of our English jockeys," re
marked an evening paper, "had better cell
their breeches and boots."
A well known society woman is said to
have won £10,000 by consistently backing
L. Relft.
Danny Maher*e appearance has brought
out many compliments from the English
critics. A well known trainer, after ex
haustive experiments with theEnglish
Oirlnt* to the Coming: Elections the
United States* Stand, It Is
Asserted, Will Play but
a Small Part.
It Is Believed, However, That
He Will Fall Into Line
With Germany.
SALISBURY HAS
N0T ANSWERED
NEW PROPOSAL
PARIS, Sept 22.— Under a tent covering
85,000 square meters 20,000 persons break
fasted as the guests of France In the
Tuillerles Gardens to-day. The banquet
was given by President Loubet to the
Mayors of the municipalities of France In
honor of the exposition. It can safely be
said that such a prodigious repast was
never before undertaken. The arrange
ments had been going forward for some
weeks and resulted In such excellence of
detail' that the event was carried to per
fection without a hitch. There was one
unpleasant Incident. Max Regis, the
anti-Semite Mayor of Algiers, tried to
secure a hearing, but his voice was
drowned by the shouts of the assem
blage. The police finally Intervened and
led Regis from the banquet, after some of
those present had thrown articles of food
at his head.
Long- before the hour for the feast to
begin a vast crowd began to assemble on
the Place de la Concorde, but such admir
able police precautions were taken that
the throng was handled without confu
sion. Tricolors, garlands of flowers and
masses of palms were to be seen on all
sides. In fact," the tent looked like a con
servatory. A band stationed In the tent
played patriotic airs, but the music was
scarcely audible on account of the din
occasioned by the clatter of dishes, knives
and forks. Just at noon President Loubet,
accompanied by the Cabinet Ministers,
arrived at the Place de la Concorde in
carriages. The crowd gave the party a
great ovation. Hats were thrown Into
the air, women waved handkerchiefs and
umbrellas and cheers for the President
and the republic were given heartily.
M. Loubet and the Ministers entered the
tent and ascended a raised platform, on
which was the table of honor and where
the dignitaries were seated./ The band
then played the '•Marsellaise," and the
20,000 people arose and with their faces
turned toward the President loudly pro
claimed him. It was an Impressive sight
and was said to be the greatest ovation
that Loubet ever received.
When he had taken his seat the wonder
ful machinery of the service was set In
motion and the 21,870 domestics of various
descriptions began furnishing the fine
menu to almost the same number of
diners. For two hours the feast continued,
concluding at 2 o'clock. After M. Loubet
had delivered a short address congratulat
ing the country and the Mayors on their
harmony of purpose, he asked the Mayors
to carry back to their homes a report to
the effect that the republic "remains
steadfast to the principles of the Revolu
tion, because our patriotism equals our
love for the republic and because we wish
France to be free, strong, glorious and
united beneath the reign of law and Jus
tice and respected abroad for her genius
and power of her arms and her sincere
love for peace."
A series of fetes In honor of the Mayors
will be given.
Only Unpleasant Feature Is the At
. tempt of Max Eegis to Hake
an Antl - Semite
Speech.
Mayors of Municipalities the
Guests of President
Loubet.
THOUSANDS ARE
BANQUETED AT
THE TUILLERIES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1900.
By Special Cable to The Call.
NEWS FROM FOREIGN CAPITALS
LOOKING FOR A WIFE
FOR THE KAISER'S SON
14
&he £at/ 9 s JPeacl
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Something swell for tho Iadle»: Ladles'
Vicl Kid Lac* Shoes, with allic embroid-
ered vesting tops, new coin to«s and
tips. Strictly up to date for ityle and
flniah. Reduced to 92.OO a pair.* All
widths and sizes.
GLORIA SHOES FOH LADIES.. $3.5O
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
10 Third St., San Francisco.
JUDGE DEWITT C. NELLES OF TOPEKA, KAS.
Hon. Judge Dewltt C. Nelles of Topeka, Kaa., wa» for eight years Distrlot
Attorney for the Northwestern quarter of Kansas, and Is at present Judge of
the District Court In the Seventeenth Judicial District. This prominent Kansas
gentleman is a great believer in Peruna, the famous catarrh remedy, and writes
the following letter concerning It:
Topeka, Kas.
The Peruna Medicine Co., Columbus, Ohio:
Gentlemen — "As I am particularly liable to catch cold, which at
once settles in catarrh and seriously affects my hearing, I am indeed
pleased with the help. I have found since using Peruna. After a
severe attack a bottle never fails to restore me fully to health, and I
find that by using it occasionally it keeps me in good condition and
prevents me from catching cold. It is a fine tonic, and I accord it
my hearty endorsement."
Peruna cures catarrh wherever located.
As soon aa Peruna removes systemic
catarrh the digestion becomes good, ap-
petite regular, nerves strcng. and trouble
vanishes. Peruna strengthens weak
nerves^ not by temporarily stimulating
them, but by removing the cause of weak
nerves— systemic catarrh. This is the
only cure that lasts. Remove the cause:
nature will do the rest. Peruna. removes
the cause. A
Mr. T. Sherman Bryan, writing to Lt
Hartman, says: "I have been using Pe-
runa for some time past and wish to tes-
tify as to lta great value In cases of
catarrh. My whole system was per-
meated with icatarrh for several years.
After using Peruna I find that I am great-
ly improved and cannot speak too highly
In praise of your great medicine. It has
given me a new lease of life."
Mr. T. Sherman Bryan is a cousin of
William Jennings Bryan, late candidate
for President and namesake of General
William T. Sherman.
W. H. B. Williams of Columbua. O..
publisher of the Farmers* Industrial
Union, says: "I have used Peruna as a
family medi-
cine for sev- ? ?
•ral years. I -„-
find It of es- a^v
pecial use for £f \
myself. I have /Sol \
had several F&s _ *?d
tedious spells ww .^k* (?G\
with systemic g8 \ I
catarrh, and «iT A )
before using >*w3v
Perur.a I had H l&*~H*±i
tried several a \ ~"~ _J
other remedies sQ&A. 1 >/ v
with little or 5&S£l**>^
no success. cvk^
But in Peruna < W-'§s^ 1 %.
prompt * and \ ij'v' \^V
sure cure. I V^\£*feJ\^»
always keep X • \ v*.J[V» 8 *'^
the remedy, ""-——-» --* v^"*
which prompt- w. H. B. Williams.
ly relieves eny . ..
attack. ?- "*"
"My wife also uses Peruna. We always
keep It in the house as a family medicine.
We think It an excellent remedy for the
various Ills to which children are sub-
ject."
Hon. A- M. Lea. United States District
Attorney for the Southern District of
Mississippi, received his appointment by
President Harrison, and also by President
McKinley. In a letter written from Vlck*-
burg. Miss., he says: "I am more than
pleased with the benefits derived from
Peruna, and have recommended It to s^L
my friends, both aa a tonic and catarjW
cure. If I had been lucky enough to
have seen It years ago Peruna would have
saved me much Inconvenience. I can
never be too thankful to you for the ben-
efits received from your valuable rem-
edy."
Address The Peruna Medidne Co.,
Columbus. P.. tor a free book on catarrh.
Says: > "Peruna Keeps Me in Good
Condition."
In systemic catarrh there Is more or
less catarrh of every organ in the body.
The catarrh may have originated in the
head or throat, tut It has finally pervad-
ed the whole system. It produces a
wretched conditio.1. The mucous mem-
branes of the whole body refuse to do
their work properly. Sight, hearing and
taste are slightly affected. The lungs ar«
weak, the voice hus*y. The tonsils are
red and Inflamed. The stomach does not
digest food well. The liver acts slug-
gishly.
JUDGE DEWITT C\ NELLES
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GAN'T WEAR THEM OUT
EVERY PAIR GUARANTEED
Take advantage of this offer. Price
nearly cut in two to Introduce ths stock
Misses' Kangaroo Kid Button Shws
with square too and tips, doubts *ol*s
and sprinsr heels: -widths C to EE
slze» 11 to 2. Reduced from $1 SO to
05 cents. Every pair warranted.
ijff\ ME1NL
*W-Sk&€I ' LOST VIGORS
mm restored i-
$Si$~!£l DB. COOPER & CO.,
Pan yVancl3co, Cat.
.- ¦ .THEODORE ROOSEVELT'S RECENT VISIT TO WEST COLUSA MINE, BDTTE, MONTANA.
ALMENDABEZ TAKEN
BY MEXICAN" BTJBAIXS
SAN DIEGO, Sept. 22.— Gertrudes Al
mendarez, who on September 16, 1S99, mur
dered another Mexican named Serelino
Rodriguez at El Cajon, In this county,
has been captured after a long search
by rurales in Lower California and Is
now confined in the EnsCnada Jail await
ing the necessary requisition papers for
turning him over to the Sheriff of this
county.
The crime for which Almendarez will
soon have to stand trial in this county
was a cold-blooded killing. His victim,
with two other Mexicans, left El Cajcn
on the evening of September 16 last year
to attend a dance at the Martinez ranch,
near El Cajon. The party was overtaken
by Almendarez, who accused Rodriguez
of making too much noise by singing on
the road. The latter denied It, and of
fered Almendarez some tamales In a
friendly way, when the latter, according
to other witnesses, replied with an op
probrious name and thrust a , knife Into
his unsuspecting victim, killing him In
stantly. The murderer then rode rapidly
south and crossed the border Into Mexi
can territory. His arrest was recently
made on the order of the Governor of
Lower California.
with the Democratic party do something
toward the organization of a Democratic
club or society in his neighborhood. There
should be a club In every precinct in tho
country. The power of organization Is
irresistible when the people are in ear
nest.
"All Democratic and local committees
are requested to see to it that no precinct
shall be without a Democratic club. The
enemy is powerful, vigilant and active. A
club organized now would be more effect
ive than a club organized next week. It
is important that every Democratic or
ganization In the country should join tho
National Association of Democratic Clubs
(headquarters at 1730 Broadway, New
York) and should send delegates to the
National Convention of Democratic
Clubs at Indianapolis. It is especially im
portant that the number of clubs should
be greatly increased before the convention
meets.
"This call Is addressed to all who be
lieve In Democratic principles regardless
of party name or past affiliations.
. "WILLIAM J. BRYAN,
"ADLAI E. STEVENSON,
"JAMES K. JONES,
"Chairman National Commrttee.
"WILLIAM R. HEARST.
"President National Association Demo
cratic Clubs."
— : — » ¦
HOLD-UP OT NEBRASKA.
Not Molested.
Safe Is Robbed, but Passengers Are
LINCOLX, Neb., Sept. 22.— Four masked
men held up the express car on the St.
Louis-Portland train of the Burlington
road early to-day at the village of Wood
lawn, a few miles northwest of Lincoln.
The men commanded the express messen
ger to open the local safe for them. The
through safe, which the messenger" could
not open and which contained a large sum
of money, was not molested. The robbers
secured a very large sum from the local
safe. After going through the safe the
men left the express car and disappeared.
The train left Lincoln shortly after mid
night and it is supposed the robbers
boarded it at this place.
A young man who came In to-day from
the scene said that the engineer was
struck on the head with a revolver and
that the pockets of the passengers were
rifled. The railroad authorities say no
money was secured except from the local
safe. They admit the engineer and fire
men were covered with revolvers and
were compelled to stop the train, but say
neither waa hurt. The fourth robber
crept over the tender to reach the en
glnemen. The fireman was ordered to
detach the express car from the remain
der of the train, but this he was unable
to do. The Burlington Company has of
fered a reward of $500 each for the appre
hension of the robbers.
NEW PUPIL
CAST UPON
LIVE COALS
San Diego High School Stu
dents to Be PunlsM
for Hazing.
VICTIM LOSES USB OF HANDS
Thrown Into a Pit Filled With Burn
ing Refuse and Receives In
juries That May Cripple ».
Him for Life.
»
Special Dispatch to The CaSL
SAN DIEGO, Sept! 22.— The close oi tho
first week of school finds seven of the
boys of the local high school sentenced to
suffer the most sever© punishment that
has been Inflicted In ihls city In many
years. They are denied the privileges of
the playground for six months and de
tained after school one hour each day for
thirty days. The punishment Is for "tax
ing," or for "canning," as the high school
boys call it On th© second day of school
eight or ten of the boys who had been at
tending for a year or two and who there
fore thought that they had the better
right to the privileges of the school
ground, determined to "haze," or "con."
one of the new comers.
One victim was Frank Jennings, i» son
of Deputy Sheriff Jennings, and ht~: re
sistance caused almost the entire Koala
membership of the upper classes to l*;gln
an attack upon him. Ho was throwrjinto
a pit in the school yard, which had peen
given the name of the "can." Thisjwas
nothing more than a hole in the grbund
Into which the refuse papers and sweep
ings from the school were thrown \ and
burned. It happened that on the morning
before Jennings was captured a match
had been touched 'to the paper and rub
bish and the bottom of the pit vis a
mass of live coals. Into this bed of <oala
young Jennings landed on his hands and
head. Fortunately his eyes were protect
ed and his face escaped, but his hands
were burned to such an extent that it will
be months before he can use one of them
and he may be compelled to carry about
with him a drawn and withered hand for
the rest of his life.
There were others besides Jennlnps who
were Injured and the threats of criminal
prosecution were frequent, but the affair
was finally passed up to the school offi
cers. Principal Haliday Is charged with
finding out all who were engaged in the
disgraceful affair and to see that they are
numbered among those who are to be
punished. Those who have confessed to
having played a part are James Love,
Alvin L*e. Loy Enscho, ' Marks Moss
holder. George Hodge, Caspar Thompson
and Chauncey Wheeler.
The Board of Education is determined to
break up the practice this year If it has
to resort to expulsion from school. Last
year one of the boys who was hazed had
an arm broken In this same "canning"
operation, but the knowledge of it did not
reach the Board of Education until
months afterward. ¦ »
GREEX RIVER. TTyo., Sept. 22.—
The Roosevelt train on its Jour
ney hither to-day stopped at
Evanston and Green River. At
each place the Governor made
brief epeecnes. At Evanston Mr. Roose
velt Bald:
Four years ago It was exceedingly 'difficult
for a man to eet work; now there is work In
abundance and an ample supply for alii so that
the condition of the v. ageworkers. and espe
cially of the business man. the farmer and the
merchant, is immensely improved. All over the
country you see Improvement. I ask you to
look back to the prophecies made by our oppo
nents fcur years ago. Again and again they
paid that If McKinley were elected the wage
worker would stand Idle half the time; that It
McKlnley were elected the farmer would see
the price of the goods he sold fail Bteadlly
lower: that there would be in the case of Mc-
Klnle3''s election a tremendous diminution In
the deposits in the savings banks and an in
crease in the failures among business men.
Now there has not been a single prophecy
¦which they made that has not been absolutely
falsified by the event. In your votes this fall
you should not Indorse the men who have tried
to deceive you with false prophecies, but rather
indorse those whose promises have been kept.
At Green River to-day Governor Roose
velt said:
Under the administration of President Mc-
Klnley tli*re h-ivo been ivMt w<« call i:ccd
times. I want you to cirars.re the conditions
us they existed six cvr eight years a«c with
the condition* as they exist now. "Free wool"
was one of the cries during- the Cleveland ad
ministration. Compare the price of wool then
with what it is now. I-*t every trainman or
man who works in the shops compare four
years a&o with the present time. Then it waa
not easy to get work: now any man who wants
to ¦wvrk can «ret It.
You must decide for yourselves whether you
want the present conditions to continue or
whether you want to take the chances on gro
lnif back to the old conditions. Let every
hourewife or daughter that remembers four
years a^o think of those four years and state
whether cr not she wants to ko back to them
Now. every ycung man or young woman who
wants to make his or her way in the world
must do so by their own efforts. I ask them
serlouslr whether It la wise to change the poli
cies that have been going along pretty wei.
for some untried course? la It not best to
leave well enouzh alor.e?
As we came up the street to this building:,
along the way I eaw the children waving
flaps. They waved the flags to signify, not
only that we had a country which has achieved
marvelous material prosperity, but It meant
something more; it meant that we have a
country- which has done deeds which
have "benefited the whole human race;
that we have done deeds good la themselves,
which, besides being grood, have been great.
It is exactly with a nation aa it ie with a
man You want a man who can force himself
alnng and play his part. That Is exactly what
you want in a nation. "We want our nation
to <lo Justice at home and then we will »ee
It tonored and respected abroad.
Humboldt Republicans Nominate
PETALUMA'S BEPXTBLICAIT CLUB
More Than Two Hundred Names Al
ready on the Pvoll.
Special DlBratch to The Call.
PETALUMA, Sept. 22.— The McKinley-
Roosevelt Club, which was recently or
ganized in Petaluma. is the strongest and
most Influential political association that
has been formed in many years In this
city. Its membership already exceeds 200,
and each day new names are being added
to the list. Headquarters will soon bo es
tablished and the club probably will be
as successful in carrying this district for
McKinley and Roosevelt as its predeces
sor in 1896 was in carrying it for the Re
publican ticket of that year.
Attorney W. B. Haskell is president of
the club and J. E. Olmstead secretary.
The executive committee 1b composed of
Colonel D. B. Fairbanks, J. I* Dinwid
dle, Thomas McGulre, W. B. Haskill and
J. E. Olmstead. Prominent among the
members are Lyman Green, M. D. Hop
kins, H. P. Brainard, A. H. Lumsden, A.
M. Blanch!, George P. McNear, A.
B. Hill, James Burdell, F. A. Cromwell,
F. A. "Wickersham. T. C. Denny, M.
Walsh. A. W. Horwege. E. D. Bernard!,
M. A. Bianchlni and Dr. C. E. Reed.
NAMED FOB THE ASSEMBLY.
Boberts and McNeil.
Special Disp&tch to The Call.
EUREKA. Bept. 22.— Th« Republican
County Convention to-day mad© the fol
lowing nominations: Second Assembly
District, M. P. Roberts of Arcata; Third
Assembly District. B. H. McNeil of Roh
nervllle; First Supervisorial District, W.
A. Scctt of Ferndale; Second Supervisorial
District, 1L P. Hansen of Alton; Third
Supervisorial District, 3. F. Pine of Elk
River. In township conventions, R. W.
Hideout was nominated as Justice of the
Peace for Eureka Township and Charles
Thompson and Harry E. Barnes were
chosen as candidates for Justice of the
Peace and Constable of Trinidad Town
nhip. J. C Bull Jr. was re-elected chair
man of the County Central Committee In
appreciation of bis efficient work in this
oince. and 'Otto C. Greeor, who has done
excellent work as secretary, was again
elected to that place.
PL.ACERVILLE. Sept 22.— The Demo
cratic County Convention, which met in
this city to-day, nominated for member
of the Assembly for this, the Fourteenth
Assembly District, S. W. Irving of El
Dorado. The Democracy held a ratifica
tion meeting: at Sigwurts Opera-house to
night. It waa addressed by J. D. Sproul,
candidate for Congress, and Ben P. Tabor
of Ai/burn, candidate for Joint Senator.
SUTTER CREEK. Sept. 22.— Tlie Demo
cratic County Convention convened at
I^vagrcTfl Hall to-day and placed In nom
ination for Assemblyman the Hon. A. Ij.
Adams of lone and the following ticket
for tho Bupervisorship: John Llthgow,
Township 4; Michael Newman, Township
1, and J. T. Clifton. Township 2. During
tlit day a large platform had been erected
for the reception of Speaker II. K. Asher
of San Francisco. He delivered an able
adflress, declaring that the Government
had broken away from historic landmarks
and wes no longer in touch with the com
mon people.
SANTA CRUZ, Bept, 22.— The Republl-
SPOKANE, Bept. 23, 1 a. m.— So
far the man who held up th«
Northern Pacific train early yester
day morning near Rathdrum has
not been captured. Last night a
report cam© that he had escaped
Into Canada. A man answering his
description left her* yesterday
morning 1 at 10:35 on th« Spokane
Falls and Northern line. H© got
off th« train, at Deer Park, a small
town about forty miles north, and
tried to eell odd pieces of Jewelry
there. His actions aroused suspi
cion, seeing which he jumped a
northbound freig-ht train and la now
supposed to be safe across the line.
PPOKAKE, Sept. 22. — 6ingl« handed, a.
masked robber held up the west-bound
passenger train on the Northern Pacific
Et 1 o'clock this rooming and succeeded
Ja getting: away with between $400 and $500
In cash. Beveral ¦watches and a quantity
of jewelry- The robbery occurred soon
eftcr the "train left Athol. Idaho, and the
bandit left the train at Ra-thdrum. The
hold-up was evidently carefully planned
•Lsd was executed with a cool deliberation
vhlch showed that the robber thoroughly
understood h'.s business. In tho collecting
of money and valuables h« compelled a
e.olored~port<?r to assist, and until he left
the train few of the passengers realized
that only ine man was in the plot. Con
ductor DunrAr.g was the only one on the '
train ¦who offered any resistance, and a
few phots from the robber's revolver ef
fectually silenced the trainman.
As the bandit stepped off the train at
Rathdrum the conductor came out of the
tourist oar and fired twice at him. The
fellow returned the fire, clipping a piece
of leather from the conductor's ehoe. No
one was hurt during the hold-up, but ev
ery occupant of three cars was terror
iz>-<5.
The man boarded the train at Sand
Point, Idaho, where a short Mop was
made. He 1e described as being: a little
r v. r 5ve feet in height, of slight build,
had a light mustache and wore a dark
BUit of clothes, a mask and a black Floueh
hat. After the train loft Athol he
p;.:ned the rear of the second Pull
man s'eeper and at once began oper-
Etinr.s. From berth to berth he worked,
waking up the sleepers and demand-
Ing their valuables while covering them
¦»¦;•. h a formidable looking- revolver. Some
of the passer.pers insist that his hands
Vf-ro full of revolvers. Upcn his arm he
< arri'-d a short sack made of a coatsleeve.
For some reason he did not use the sack.
but piip.'-'ed money and valuables into his
jjc-kets.
After canvassing: both Pullmans, the
li^:<iit entered the tourist car. Here the
occupants began to scream with terror
and attracted the attention of the conduc
t< -.-. ivao was in the forward part of the
coacb. He came down the aisle and the
rubber backed nut the car door and step
ped off the platform a* the train was pull
::.K into Ka their urn. I>rawir.£ his revol
ver, the conductor fired twice at the man,
v.ho answered with three shots and the
conductor beat a hasty retreat into the
car. The robber escaped before the alarm
(¦• r.Ul be given to the few people at the
Jiatdrum station.
The Northern Pacific offers $2000 reward
for the capture of the highwayman. Sher
iff liru'lbury and a large posse are In pur-
Fuit. The "robber has been traced to a
p^int thirty-seven miles south of Athol.
where be held tip a rancher and stole his
h'«r*e. He told the rancher he had just
killed the conductor and the brakeman
end had to get oct.
Cl-cua Diepateh to Thm Call.
Otoe* Vraai Berth to Berth. Collecting
Coin and Valuables and Suc
ceeds in Making Good
His Escape.
CAIYASSES TWO PULLMAN CARS
Masked Bandit's Bold Work
on Northern Pacific
Train.
NEGRO PORTER
COMPELLED TO
ROB TOURISTS
SENATOR HANNA AT CANTON.
ConferB With the President, but
Nothing Is Decided On./
CANTON. Ohio, Sept. 22.— President Mc-
Klnley and Senator Hanna were together
during all the time tho latter was In the
city this afternoon. They remained In the
library until the train was about due, and
when Mr. Hanna started for the train
Mrs. McKlnley was helped to a seat be
side him, the President took the reins and
Secretary Cortelyou took the remaining
peat. Good-bys were exchanged at the
station after the train arrived.
"It la said one of the objects of your
vteit to Canton was to induce the Presi
dent to take an active personal part in
the campaign, especially to have him
make some speeches in the West," a
reporter said to Senator Hanna.
"That was not talked of; It was not
even thought of/' said the Senator. "I
am on my way East. I will stop in my
Cleveland home until Sunday evening. I
came this way to see the President. There
was nothing decided on as a result of my
visit, nor was it expected that there would
be. I merely wanted to talk over the cam
paign In general with th© President and
report to him how matters are progress
ing."
FINAL CALL TO DEMOCRATS.
NEW YORK, Sept. 22.-The final call for
tho National Convention of Democratic
Clube, to be held in Indianapolis, Octo
ber 8, was Issued to-day, as follows:
"The Democratic dubs,, societies and
citizens of the United States: The near
approach of tho National Convention of
Democratic Clubs, which will be held at
Indianapolis on October 3, imposed on
Democrats everywhere the duty of in
creasing the work of club organization.
This la a field of patriotic endeavor In
which every citizen of every State and
Territory can be reasonably expected to
take his place. Patriotism can accomplish
little unless It is practical. The far reach-
Ing issues which confront the American
people to-day— Issues which involve our
form of government and the principles
upon which rt has thus far securely rested
— should Impel every citizen to become a
politician in his own right. The Govern
ment belongs to tho people and the peo
ple themselves must defend it when ft is
in danger.
"The Democratic party Is opposed to
the establishment of independent colonies
under the American flag, and is pledged
to unceasing . warfare against trusts in
every form of private monopoly. The
Kansas City platform has arrayed against
the Democracy the combined power of
those who profit by iniquitous laws, Gov
ernment favoritism and perversions of
the constitution of the United States.
•"A vast corruption fund has been con
tributed to the Republican party by those
whose personal greed is greater than their
Interest in free institutions, Just legisla
tion and impartial administration of the
law. Unless the control of the Govern
ment and Its policies are to be determined
by tho corupt use of money the people
must be awakened to a realizing senso
of tho deadly peril environing their most
eaered democratic Institutions.
"The Democratic partv relies tor vic
tory upon tho justice of Its cause and
the hearty co-operation of its supporters.
The work of defending the nation against
Imperialism, militarism and trusts can
be best advanced by club organization.
It Is a convenient and inexpensive method
of raising a great volunteer army of lib
erty. A loyal citizen thould be ready to
serve his country in times of peace aa
well as In times of war.
"Let every citizen who sympathizes
the greater part of his speech to the lat
ter subject.
From here Mr. Shortridgo will go Mon
day to San Bernardino.
SENATORIAL NOMINATIONS.
Colonel X. H. Polk the Choice of
Thirty-Seventh District Democrats.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 22.— The Thirty
seventh Senatorial District Democrats to
night nominated Colonel I. II. Polk. W.
A. Spalding was a candidate up to late
this afternoon, when the powers decided
on Polk. He Is a son-in-law of Mrs. Sl
mona Bradbury and manager of certain
Bradbury mining Interests.
EUREKA, Sept. 22.— Delegates to the
Democratic State Convention from the
First Senatorial District met to-day and
nominated George W. Taft of Crescent
City for the Senate.
Republicans Enthusiastic.
Special Dispatch to The Call
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 22.— The newly
elected Republican County Committee at
its initial meeting, held in the rooms of
the Union League this morning, again se
lected Bradner W, Lee as chairman, em
powering him to select his own secretary.
Mr. Lee reappointed Secretary D. M. Me-
Garvin. The meeting to-day really marked
the opening of the county campaign.
Every precinct ¦was represented, and
Chairman Le«, in rapping for order, took
occasion to comment upon that fact as
tending to prove intensity of Republican
enthusiasm.
Santa Cruz Republican Rally.
Special Dispatch to The- Call
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 22.— Santa Cruz Re
publicans held a grand rally this evening.
Congressmen John A. Barham and Cal J.
H. Roberta addressed a large audience on
the issues of the campaign. Before the
massmeetlnjr the McKinley and Roosevelt
drill corps under command of Captain A.
A. Morey, accompanied by a band and
torch bearers, paraded the streets.
Democratic Rally at Riverside,
Special Dispatch to The Call
RIVERSIDE, Sept. 22.— The Democrats
cpened their campaign here this evening.
The speaker was R. F. del Valle of Los
Angeles. The meeting was largely at
tended and quite enthusiastic. Del Valle
spoke for nearly two hours. He severely
arraigned the administration and espe
cially the policy of President McKlnley In
the Philippines. He mado a strong plea
for the election of Crlghton to Congress.
can County Convention was presided over
by W. H. Galbraith to-day.. George G.
Radcliff received the nomination for the
Assembly. J. S. Collins and J. D. Estey
were nominated for Supervisors. There
was a deadlock in the San Lorenzo Super
visorial nomination. Thirteen ballots
were taken. The course of Assemblyman
Radcliff and Senator Trout In the last
Legislature was indorsed. The convention
adjourned until next Saturday.
SUISUN, Sept. 22.— At a meeting of the
Democratic County Central Committee to
day J. R. Snead. the nominee for the
Democratic party for the Assembly, with
drew. Efforts were made without avail to
secure a Democrat to run against Alden
Anderson. Anderson will be elected with
out opposition.
CAMPAIGN RAIJLIES.
California Towns.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Partisan Oratory Heard in Interior
SAN DIEGO, Sept. 22.— Thomas O. To
land, member of the Board of Equaliza
tion from this end of the State, opened
the campaign for the Democracy to-night,
speaking to 175 people at Santa Fe Hall.
His topics were money, the national
banks, trusts and "imperialism," he de
claring that the last named was but an
extension of the power of the trusts. W.
R. Andrews, a local speaker, closed the
meeting with a talk on the Philippines.
W. D. Crichton, candidate for Congress
from the Seventh District, was present,
but did not speak. He will remain hera
on a personal canvass for about a week.
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 22.— The Demo
crats opened their campaign here to
night with a meeting at Gordan's Opera
house. Only a small crowd was present.
Addresses were delivered on the issues of
the campaign by Barclay Henley and
James W. Cochrane, A glee club enliv
ened the proceedings with vocal selections.
BAKERSFIELD, Sept. 22.— The Repub
licans opened the campaign here last
night and to-night the Democrats had. an
inning. J. Noonan Phillips, and E. L.
Hutchison of Los Angeles were the speak
ers. An immense crowd attended and
gave the flame respectful attention that
the Republican speaker received the
night before. Timothy Spellacy presided.
A band played and fireworks were set off.
WOODLAND, Sept. 22.— The Democrats
opened the campaign here to-night with
music and an enthusiastic meeting, which
was addressed by Hon. E. D. Farnsworth
and Dr. W. R. Prather. The opera-house
was packed to the doors. >
HANFORD, Sept. 22.— Tularo County
Democrats opened the campaign in Han
ford to-night. Hon. J. L. Dryden of San
Diego was the speaker. Tho new Wigwam
was filled with hearers.
SAN BERNARDINO, Sept. 22.— A house
warming filled the Republican headquar
ters to-night. Wilfred N. Peck of River
side was the speaker. On Monday night
Samuel M. Shortrldge will open the cam
paign at the Pavilion.
HOLLISTER, Sept. 22.— Hon. Francis M.
Qulnn of Santa Clara opened the cam
paign In this county for the Democrats
to-night. There was a large audience.
COLUSA, Sept. 22.— The Democratic
campaign was opened here to-night. R.
M. Fitzgerald ofr Alameda was the speak
er. He dwelt upon the trust question.
SALINAS, Sept. 22.— The opening Dem
ocratic rally In this city to-night was a
flattering success. It was preceded fey a
large torchlight procession. Hon. Frank
Gould was the principal speaker, while
several local orators expounded party pol
itics.
VISALIA, Sept. 22.— James G. Magulre
made a political speech In Vlsalla to
night. The Democrats made a great effort
to stir up excitement, but the attendance
was small.
WARREN" M. JOHN NOMINATED.
cans for Assemblyman.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
Candidate of San Luis Oblspo Bet . V
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Sept. 22.— The Re
publican County Convention met atMaen
nerchor Hall to-day and nominated its
ticket. William Sanderoock, chairman of
the County Central " Committee, called
the convention to order and It or^
ganlzed as follows: Henry Lynch of
Lynch, chairman; H. B. Steinbeck of San
Luis Oblspo, secretary; O. W. Henry of
Paso Roblea, assistant secretary. The
platform commlttee'B Indorsement of Mc-
Kinley and Roosevelt, McLachlan and na
tional and State platforms met tremen
dous applause.
Warren M. John was nominated by ac
clamation for Assemblyman. For Super
visors of districts one, three and five Ed
win Ladner of Paso Robles, John Scott,
former Sheriff of San Luis Oblspo, and
Reuben M. Bean of Santa Margarita were
named.
The new County Central Committee ot*
ganlzed by the election of Stephen D.
Ballou, former Sheriff, as chairman and
H. B. Steinbeck secretary.
Hon. Judson Brusle of Sasc&rmento for
mally opened the campaign here to-night.
SHORTBUKJE TALKS TO
VOTERS OF PASADENA
Devotes Much of His Speech, to an
Expose of the False Issue
of Imperialism.
Special Dispatch to The Call. ~~
PASADENA, Sept. 22. — Samuel M.
Shortrldge opened tho national campaign
In Southern California to-night, speaking
to an audience of 1000 persons In the Wig
wam In this city. Mr. Shortrldge arrived
In Pasadena thlH afternoon, was. met by
a reception committee from the Pasadena
Republican Club and was given an auto
mobile ride about the city. ,
After dinner at the Hotel Mitchell the
dlstinKUlsherl speaker held h levee at tho
Carleton Hotel, and at 8 o'clock was es
corted to the Wigwam by the Amerlcus
Club, 200. strong. The stre«ts were lined
by thousands of citizens. , Red flrewas
burned and there waa great enthusiasm. I
Mr. Shortrldge was Introduced to the
audience by P. M. Green, president of tho
Flrnt National Bank, and for more than
an hour discussed the tariff, currency and
the raise lauuo or Imperialism, dovotinjj
THE SAN FBANCI5CO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1900.
GOVERNOR ROOSEVELT URGES WYOMING CITIZENS
TO CAST THEIR BALLOTS FOR A CONTINUANCE
OF THE ERA OF McKINLEY PROSPERITY
15
Kidney tremble preys upon the mind, dis-
courages and lessens ambition; beauty, vigor
M»=y jk. an{^ cheerfulness soon
tf'O — _P? disappear when tho kld-
•"Trrr(»^/xw - • ng y s ar8 o ut °' onier
rlWVv^^» Kidnsy troub!a h*3
» r]^V3^j^Tr"""r. ecome so prevalent
' $vtSfcss^H~~"]J t^ at k no * uacommon
//I xY^lmL^j * or a cn &i to ba born
/VVlV^fW^S? afflicted with weak Wd-
m& %VKUF- ne y s * W the child orin-
IH=£'~« ?S T ates too often, 11 tho
urine scalds the flesh or If, when the child
reaches an age when it should be able to
control the passage, it is yet afflicted with
bed-wetting, depend upon it, the cause of
tho difficulty Is kidney trouble, and the first
step should bo towards the treatment of
thess important organs. This unpleasant
trouble is due to a diseased condition cf the
kidneys and bladder and not to a habit as
most people suppose.
Women as well as men are made mis-
erable with kidney and bladder trouble,
and both need the same great remedy.
The mild and the immediate effect of
Swamp-Root is soon realized. It is sold
by druggists, in fifty- fCffi^
cent and one dollar tfSiS^!5' f;^P«i»^§|
sizes. You may havs a B't'TJ!^ » 5 F^£^
sample bottle by mail t **-±i232£52^giZ2M
free, also pamphlet tell- nom* of swamp-Root,
ing all about it. Including many of the
thousands of testimonial letters received
from sufferers cured. In writing Dr. Kilmer
& Co., Binghamton, N. Y., be sure and
I mention this caosr.
Women as Well as Men
Are Made Miserable by
Kidney Trouble.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Send Name and Address To-Day— You
PHave It Free and Be Strong
and Vigorous for Life.
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY HOME.
v>e*<£5g»-g»*i IK CI * n l>> » non-ponecr-fai
±*ZJ^f.u^^^^cA '*a < *<iy for Gonorrhea,
Vg-WtJCKEV^Qi GlMlt . Spermatorrhori.
fl^gy in l to I a«T3. **j Whites, unnatural It*.
Ef£ff Ocfcrmnie^ g chiirgps, or %ny lnfln-rira^
flU¥ not jo etrictur*. lion, i irritation or uicera*
P^«i iflPrtttats o«atiglon. tloa cf cinooua men*.
PS^UTHeEyASS CHEWnii Ca cranes. Hao-Mtrtngent.
*jsr& 5:m::mnati.o ¥2711 SoId °* *>«i*s:i»{*,
C*SfeH^. O. T. a Zr^i ° r gent 'a Pl*in wraprer.
><6f»2O^w l^&lA b y express, prepaid, iut
vG^^ 9 i ft- 00 * oT s *»"»=*. »¦«.
TO THE PUBLIC!
PINOLE. JUNE «. 1S39.-I TAKE THI3
meacs oi expressing my thanks to Dr. Wong
Him. US- 117 Mason st..
JtFjjis£*i$i 6- F.. for having eu.-*a
F?£*.*£4 rr.r of ki.Jney. womri
lrC*> trouble and cancer of
Y&e&C r ttomach. I 'was a great
3/ I * g sufferer fcr 13 years, and
vfc;/»»2V 5 found no permanent re-
/EgTS*/ Hef until 1 tried Dr.
/^_ Wong Him. and in six
j^Jk^'f 1 *^ s?fcv months" time h* haa
fl ! S^*jl-^( 1^ySf cured me. Any crs»:.
¦w!*h!ns me t> certify
"«fci3w3>^2?U.^^ this can find me.
MRS. GEORGE BETZ.
Pinole. Contra Costa County Cal.
BAN TOANCISCO (Cal.). Oct. IS. 1S3S.-TO
Whom It May Concern: This is to certify that
Dr. Worn Him of 115-117 Mason street San
Francisco, has cured me entirety of Bright »
disease of th« kidneys and consumption of tn*
bowels of long standing, and }. am only too
tappy to make this statement for the benefit of
all troubled In any way by diseases. You will
find the doctor a gentleman in every way Very
respectfully. MISS M. J. SHINE.
851 Fulton street. San Francisco.
8 F.. Dee. *. 1S39.— Dr. Wong Him. 115-117
Mason st.. 8. F.. Cal.-Doar Sir: For tin bene-
fit cf others I wish to make a statement of my
case which was heart trouble. After treating
with stx eminent physicians, my case was pro-
nounced Incurable. Hearing of Dr. Wong Him
and his wonderful cures. I decided to try his
herb treatment. He did all he claimed aM
after treating six months I am now well and
stronc. Tour resp»«-tful!y,
MRS. BARLOW, ion Mission st.. 8. F.
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Open Evenings. Near Powell.
J3/G REDUCTIONS IN
Furniture and Carpets.
CALL AKD INSPECT OUS PRICES.
CASH OR CREDIT.
SKAGGS HOT SPRINGS,
Sonoma County.
Only 4H boors from Saa Francisco and but
nine miles of staging; waters noted for xnedl-
elnal virtues; best natural bath, la Stat*: grand
mountain scenery ; good trout streams at door;
telephone, telegraph; daily mall and express.
First-Class Hotel and
Stage Service.
Horsing and afternoon itages: round trip
from Saa Francisco only {3 SO. Take Tlbaron
ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms. {3 m.
day or US a week. References— Any guest of
tfc» past flvtt years: patronage constantly In-
creaslng. 3. T. iTULGREW, Proprietor.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS,
The Carlsbad of America. Is now open for tho
winter season. Address C. T. ROMIE. Paxaiso
Springs. Cal.
fpHEUMATISM
by the 'waters and th« mud baths
and th* hot mineral baths of
Address A. BETTETNS. Manager.
Byron Hot Springs. CaL
LOMBARD & CO.. » Geary St.. City Agts.
BYRON HOT SPRINGS
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
Tne most attractive place in Laics County M
tp«nd your vacation. Boatlac. bathing. bo»l-
ing. tennis, llvury. new walks, etc. Writ* fo*
circular to H. WAlIBOLD,
Laurel Dell. Lake County. CaL
KLAMATH HOT SPff/HCS.
The healthiest resort la Use prettiest county la
California. Trout fishing— finest la the Stat*—
Shove*. Creek. 15 miles for casting. Hunting—
plenty of rams In surrounding; mountain*—
grouse, quail, deer and bear. EDSON BRO3..
Proprietors. Be«wtc!c. Slsklyoa County. CaL
IIAIMVAT'S BKA1>\' BELIKF has etoofl
unrivaled before the public tor M years as a
I"aJn Kemedy. It Instantly relieve* and quickly
cure* all Colds. Sor« Threats. Influenza, Bron-
chitis Pneumonia. Rheumatism. Neuralgia,
licadacb*. Totbach* and all p*ias. Internally
tut iialiria aaA »iX Bowel Palo*. All arurglst*
The popular idea expressed 'In the
phrase, « the art of self-cefense," shows
the opirion that the chief er-mies a man
has to defend himself froii are visible
end external. But the real danger of
every m»" is from minute and often in-
visible foes. In the air we breatho and
the water we drink are countless minute
organisms leagued against tha health of
the body. ,
The one defense against these enemies
is to keep the blood pure. Dr. Pierce's
Golden Sledical Discovery thoroughly
purifies the blood, removing poisonous
substances and accretions. When the
blood is pure there is no harborage for
the trermfl of disease which find a lodg-
ing only when the blood is impure and
corrupt.
- 1 wasider roar '©olden Medical Discoverr*
?££. *5d£ Mcdjcal Wsc^ry Took four
bottlcs without relief. Kept tata?«. I took
in nil tea bottles »«d got entirely cured.
Dr. Pierce-s rieasant PelleU cure con-
ftipation.
How any man may Quickly cure himself after
years of suffering from sexual weakness, lost
vitality, night losses, varicocele. etc, and en-
large small weak organs to full size and vigor.
Simply send | your name and address to Dr. L.
W.Knapp, 1373 Hull building, 1 Detroit, Mich.,
end he will gladly send thefree receipt' with
full directions no that ony man may easily cure
hlmcelf at home. This la certainly a most
generous offer and the following extracts taken
from his dally mall show what men think of
his generosity. ' * •
"Dear Sir— Please accept my sincere thanks
for yours of ' recent date, I have given . your
treatment a thorough test and the benefit has
been extraordinary. It has completely braced
me up. I am just as vigorous as when a boy
and you cannot realize how happy I am."
"Dear Str — Your method worked beautifully.
Results were exactly what I needed. Strength
and vigor have completely returned and en-
largement is entirely satisfactory."
"Dear Sir— Yours was received and I had no
trouble in making- use of the receipt aa directed
and can truthfully say Jt U a boon to weak
men. I am greatly Improved In size, strength
and vigor."
All correspondence is strictly conHdentlal.
mailed In plain, sealed envelop*. The recetpt
Is free for tbe asking and he wanta every man
to have It.
L. W. KNAPP, M. D.
KAHLER'8 new summer resort, Caxidtro. CaL
—Horn* cocking. uceUant fishln* ao4 hunt-
!ok; general mdn.. cfiolc* lltiuar*. clear*]
bosuIat Grlcu.
DB. KILMER'S SWASXP BOOT.
'If/A u^^j^^-^^^'-'jr^ 1 -
MSiA i&l£B$e
<>.' > 'C^**— _jIn Hungary there are thousands of vil
lages and hundreds of small towns with
out a doctor within ten miles.
HANFORD. Sept. 22.— Isaac Daltey. who
shot Lemuel Metz at Lemoore on July 10,
was this morning convicted of murder In
the first dwee. Sentence will be passed
on October 20.
Death, Penalty for Dailey.
SACRAMENTO, Sept, 22.— Coroner Mc-
Mullen was callod upon thl3 morning- to
invcKtlpate the sudden death of Mrs. Jen
nie Douglas Ootthold, a daughter of City
Trustee Phil Douglas. Mrs. Gotthold was
found dead on a couch In her' father's
house at 11C3 D street this morning. -
The Coroner took eharge of the body
and caused an autopsy, to be performed
by Dr. P. L.. Atkinson, the assistant coun
ty physician. The autopsy revealed no
sensational developments In connection
with Mrs. GnttholrTs death. It showed
that th« stomach was full of fluid and
preatly distorted. The liver was slightly
enlarg-ed. All the other organs, excepting
the brain, which was not examined, were
found to be In normal condition. The
Coroner will have the contents of tlie
stomach analyzed and the liver more min
utely examined. As yet there are no In
dications of foul play. •
Gotthold at Sacramento.
Special Pispatch to The Call, i
FOUND DEAD ON HER COUCH
Mysterious Demise of Mrs. Jennie
NET YORK. Sept. 22.— A bijr half-holl
6.iy crowd took advantage of the bright,
< ¦ ¦¦! weather and a strong card to attend
racing at Gravrsend to-day. The
Kinrt was spirited, but those who tried to
|>lck the winner." had a diFastrous day,
« ;.iy two favorites finishing in front.
] ;>. loo, was beaten an<l badly beaten,
fc3Q as «=h<' is a public idol the .small bet
ters lost Lo a man. She ran seventh in
%'.<¦ Occidental handicap, which was the
1< attire of the day's card. She wa.« at top
%\*!'?ht. conceding pounds to everything
I • the rai-f. and yet she was strongly sup
ported. McJoynt was up. and he could
;••: fT't bir out in front, although she
1 ;<¦ ihe brunt of the pace making. First
. . ¦ k Point raced with her and then C'ha-
I.utus. anil on ihf far turn she ff'.l back
j. 'i anlKhed in the ruck. Hardly then
l ¦-•¦ r;«T hid *for a f<-w strides. !»ut
J'm.k Coat; who had been up all the
way, t<».k tho trark as he rounded into
the Btretch Bind was never h»a>1"d, win
j imp ridden out by a lenprth anii a half
lv>m Jack Point. »ivho closed resolutely in
lh«» Mr^tch. Cbarentus was third, a head
I cfor* Hardly. Summary:
Vbmji 5ix furlcnc?. Frillrir— <5odred won,
PUpil 6*oom!. Meber Karl third. Tim«». 1.11 4-J.
Milp !»n<1 etvisoty \a.ri's — ptar Hrlcht won.
Kin* Iiarleyiorn second, Auturhn third. Time,
; a
(!:¦• Ftak-p. five furloiyrK. sell'nE—
< ionei 1'aAAnn won. Autollglit secrmd Kimber-
I ;h;r.v Time. 1 :C2 1-G.
'"•!,!.»! la! hanrtirap. mile and an rtirhth—
rink 'Vwt wen. Jack I'oint eecond, Charentui
T,ine, J;53 «-5.
Fiv. rurfon«s>~Th« r.hymer won, Shkrp
t!.< trr f-- r"i. TVrnpletTn third. Tiinr. l-.oi*;.
Mil* <ud a sixVf nth. celling— Th<-" Amazon
-.. n. < '• • -for.f-atiori swind, i:inalj> third.
' ¦ . . :.i* 4-5.
At Kinloch Park.
ST. I.O1JIS. Sept. 22.- The nr.«=ults at
I-7*ni'»eh Park were:
r^x furlong*. purse-John A. llorrie won.
1 2C*tla Wi'l.rs (econd. Fwwt Canoral th'rd.
:~:x fu:icn;rr -Orr.'Jurmar won. Obia Kecond,
?.:ilo or.!i vr> r-'shth. rellirir— 1 .aureate won,
i ; bed i-'-*- t.1, /Caui third. T;m<", 1:",.
Mile and a half, over r)x hur.iicR— Toato won.
¦ (ur eecood. I'jainiK Pope third. Time. 2:;;.
¦ •n* mil<>. purj<?— Tayon wnrt. Mif^ Turnrr
: ...i,.;. HI ;C-«;-k.-r third. Tim*". i:41.
!-"<-v«r: fuiv '.-*. f!!lrc-Hi K'dlar wnn, Ma*
j a l»a\1» upoond, Hauinnd third. Tim*. l:^' r .
Results at Hawthorne.
£I£TC.VGO, Sept. 22.— Weather <-l*- ar at |
: . IV ;!...;,<-.; tra.-k heavy. Results:
• ¦;•.'• tsllf- PinrtP -J won. IliKhiani Lad *pc-
•\ <"!.-. P i'rtf-1 tr.ird. Time. 1:4"^.
• ?.- tn I !e~ William Ark -non. Ir^nt f*eco:i.l,
1 -¦ n Tifvt'Xl third. Time. I:««H.
riill ROttrtf M^>'> If 'hHW—B^ky R^IO won, |
'<:¦"'.:. weond. Saiius third. Ti:n». 1:30*4
!"i\A .-<•.! k l,!f furlrncs-Stlurian won, Wild
! ra'f k-'c;i1. Barbara M third. Tim*. IMMVt:
'>:;»: s!?i.I an <>lsli»ii miles. 1iandicaj>— ¦< >hr.«-t
v .fti. "The l-a«iy s*i-.,n<i. Fioriz*r third. Tim--,
H i! ilrap. six fuilonpf- Headwater won.
Ar*.-; c,. ri . r:^5Fi» Markon third. Tim*.
f"»ri* mi> sn* a half. r*lline~ Frarclbl- w<-,n.
Al '.a II *~oon<i. Tr»-Jv>r third. Time. !;»."
.
Victory for Stanford Freshmen.
¦ . • ;i'.?i>*Uh in The <">I|.
PTANTOUIi IXIVERSITT. Sppt. 22 —
The Stanford frpphinen won th*>Ir first
Football game to-day by defeating Hoitt'a
by a rcore of 2ft to f (
Eut Two Favorites Win and
Small Bettors Lose to
a Man.
DISASTROUS DAY
FOR THE TALENT
AT GRAVESEND
Judge Miller, counsel for Dr. Martin
<lale, pay? that the shooting Is only an
incident intended as a starter for ah at
tempt at blackmail. He says he has long
known Dr. and Mrs. Murtimlal* at Min
neapolis and both are highly connected.
Kotlaba was immeditely arrested by Of
flcera Walker ami Rosso and booked at
the City Prison for assault with a deadly
weapon.
Dr. Martindale, who so narrowly es
caped the bullets of Kotlaba. denies the
charge that is made by the frenzied hus
band. He says that he declined to ad
minister an anaesthetic and perform an
operation upon Mrs. Kotlaba unless shu
would come attended by i some femai«
friend. He denies that he took any liber
ties with Mrs. Kotlaba or gave to her
husoand any other provocation 'lor the
attempt to kill him. He says he was a
practicing physician fifteen years in Min
neapolis before he came to Los Angoles
He has been married thirteen years and
has two sons. Ho expresses confidence in
being able to disprove Kotlaba'a accusa
tion and has regained a law firm to look
after his interests. .
Kotlaba says that he was driven to this
attempt to kill the doctor by most ag
gravating provocation. He asserts that
his wife had gone to Dr. Martindale to
have a surgical operation performed and
that while she was under the influence
of chloroform the doctor took advantage
of her condition. With this as a motive
for revenge Kotlaba sought the doctor
and when within range opened fire upon
him. He was greatly excited and to this
fact Is attributed the poor marksmanship
that saved his intended victim from per
foration.
,LrOS ANGELES. Sept. 22.— Frank G.
Kotlaba. /whose home is at 314 South
Workman street, fired five shots at Dr.
J. H. Martindale at 10:30 o'clock this
morning. Every shut missed, though the
firing was at short range' in the doctor's
office at the Bellevue Terrace Hotel on
Figueroa street. Kotlaba was much in
earnest despite his poor marksmanship.
The weapon he used was a 32-caliber re
volver.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Frank Eotlaba Fires Five
Shots at Dr. Martindale
of Los Angeles.
FRANTIC RAGE
AND POOR AIM
SAVE A LIFE
Dr. C. W. R^od was rooall«d. Ho testi
fied to throats Millar had made to him.
Hp ha«J told Hoglp of the threats and
Rogle Faid he would "keep his eyes open."
I.. K. Kickseckrr, *>x-County Surveyor,
was a close frifnd of J. N. Miller. * Ho
told of Pi. Bogle calling on him and ask
ing him as a friend ot Miller's to see if
he could imtch up the difficulty between
thfm. Kicksf-ker failod to see Millor.
Ooorpre F. Kingr relate! a
between liimself ami Miller a few days be
for" the shooting. Millar told him that he
had followed f>r. Bogle up M>ndocinn
*tre«n the night b<fore. !>ut iliat Bogle
had dodged him. Miller declared ho would
"ftx him yrt."
No names wmv morsUoned. so the wit
ross wns not certain that Dr. Pople was
meant.
At thi? morning** Besslon It was shown
that J.M. Miller hnd on several occasions
threatened ihe lifV. of Dr. Koe1<\ A. J,
Wheeler was on the stand a good part of
the !<)r< noon.' H*» testified to a conver,-
BStlan he hnd had with Miller h short time
previous lo tho shooting. Millar com
p!;jinfd of th" difficulty of collecting
money. He said;
"If a certain party don't settle soon. I'll
fill him full of lead."
SANTA ROSA, Sept. 22.— The climax of
the trial of Dr. S. S. Bogle for the mur
der of J. M. Miller was reached this after
noon when the defendant took the stand
to testify in his own behalf. During all
the months that have intervened since the
tragedy he has f-aid no word in expla
nation of his crime, and as a consequence
there was quite a flutter in the courtroom
whf-n Dr. Bogle's name was called and he
walked up to the witness stand. The first
part of his testimony related to the
trouble ho had with Miller in regard to a
disputed bill. When the witness reached
thst portion of his testimony relating to
th<- firing of the shots not a sound broke
the stillness of the courtroom, which was
crowded to .suffocation. Said he:
A few minutes before 7 o'eftx-k I walked down
the front Ff-ps at my reeidenre. As I reached
tl.« sidewalk 1 heard a ccreen door open and
oir.Ff-. A moment latPr I saw Millar on the
bark porch of his r<*si<iene<?. He had nis right
»iand in hi? hip pocket. Miller walked rapidly
d'iwn the si^jif toward me, saying, "I'll fix
y.m! I'll fix you! Don't you think I won't."
Af Mill**r advanced down the .-it'^ps toward
me he drew nil* han<l out of his hip packet
nr.d with a o,uick movement thrpw it behind
him. H *• a!s<< threw hi* left hand behind him.
Mr advanced rapidly and I toid him that I did
r.ot want to have any trouble with him. Mil
ifM- did net Ftop. He kept on advant-lng. and
•Then liut a" fvw r>et separated us I dr<»w mv
r> vnlvr and fired four times at him as rapidly
as I could pu!l the trlpser. AftT I hau llred
:'< -,ir shots- I heard a raetalllc sound, urbktl 1
tvlir-v^ was caused by a pl*tol falling from
M:>i«>r's hand to ihe sjdewalk. I then turned
and walked away. *?:
Under cross-o::amlnation Dr. Bople said
that h<- did not in t a shot at Miller after
the tatter foil: ho did not know how one
of the siiots happened to enter. Miller's
liHCli. tbougb he had a theory of his own
Concerning that coincidence. The witness
was not permitted to give this theory.
hi robin tal it was shown that Miller's
ricln hand was so crippled that he cou'd
not done is ic.iiiiiv. th<» inference beins
th.-U h<- oould not lire a revolver by rea
son of this injury- Aftor pome further
unimportant testimony court adjourned
until f-: Monday morning, when the argu
ments will be made. It Is ejcf>ected thtit
therase will go to the jurv before Mon
day nlRht.
Special rMspatch to The Call.
The Defendant in the Santa
Rosa Murder Trial
Testifies.
SELF-DEFENSE
THE PLEA SET
UP BY BOGLE
NEW YORK. Sept. 22.— Marcus Daly
was reported at his hotel to-night as
much improved.
Daly Still Improving.
SPRINGFIELD. 111.. Sept. 22.— The fun
eral of the late John A. McClernand was
held to-day with full military honors.
General McClsrnand Buried.
SHANGHAI. Sept. 22.— Field Marshal
Count von Waldersee, commander in chief
of the allied forces, reviewed 5000 of the
foreign troops to-day. The Bengal Lan
cers furnished a field marshal's escort.
The troop* marched past in the following
order: Germans, French. Volunteers
(composed of" Americana, British. French.
Japanese and Germans'), Bengal Lanceru
and other Indian troops.
Marshal.
REVIEWED BY VON WALDERSEE
Foreign Troops March Past the Field
"In the evening a squadron of the First
Bengal Lancers went to Sankenten and
destroyed the new arsenal there. Septem
ber IS the Americans and the bulk of the
British returned to tneir auarters. Two
hundred remain at Peitachu with Mac
donald for a few days."
"PEKING, Wedne3day, Sept. 19.— A
joint Anglo-American expedition of 1300
men and four guns, about half British,
proceeded to Linkochau September 1>J
j»nd thence by a night march got in the
rear of the Boxers' headquarters at Pei
tachu. the well-known ei^ht temples,
twelve miles west of Peking. The Box
ers were completely surprised and lost
fifty men. Our casualties were nil.
LONDON, Sept. 22.— The Secretary of
State for India has received the follow
ing dispatch from General Gaselee, com
mander of the British troops at Peking:
ture of Peitachu.
BOXERS WERE SURPRISED.
General Gaselee's Report on the Cap-
acting Secretary of State September ?1,
1900, 3:45 p. m.)
Memorandum In response to Mr. Wu's
communication September 17. 1900, of a
cablegram from Prince ( :ing, dated Pe
king, September 8, 1900:
The Government of the United States accepts
the plenipotentiary of Earl LI Hung Chang and
Prince Ching as prima facie sufficient for the
preliminary negotiations looking: toward the
return of the Imperial Chinese Government and
to the resumption of Its authority in Peking,
and toward the negotiation of a complete set
tlement by the duly appointed plenipotentiar
ies of the powers and of China.
To these ends, the United States Minister In
Peking ivlll be authorized to enter Into nego
tiations v.lth M Hung Chang and Prince Chlng
as the representative of the Chinese empire.
DAVID J. HILL,. Acting Secretary.
Department of State, Washington, D. C,
September 21, 1900.
Chinese correspondence, September 17-21, 1900.
Inquiries of the " Russian ' Government
and replies thereto.
Memorandum handed to Mr.- Adee by
the Russian Charge d'Affaires, Mr. de
Wollant, September 17. 1900, 10:45 a. :n.
(Translation.):
1. Has the Federal Government the intention
to transfer the re.»ldenre of the legation from
Peking to Tientsin? This step has been recog
nized as practical and appropriate to the end,
even by the powers which 8nd It necessary to
leave trooos at Peking.
2. Are the full powers of Prince Chlng and LI
Hung Chang recognized as sufficient by the
Federal Government?
3. Is the Federal Government prepared to
charge its representatives to enter without de
lay upon the preliminary negotiations with the
plenipotentiaries of the Kmperor of China?
Memorandum in reply to the Russian
Charge's memorandum, dated September
17, 1900: .
1. The Government of the United States has
not any present Intention to withdraw its le
gation from Peking.
2. The Government of the United States ac
cepts the plenipotentiary power of Li Hung
Chang* and Princ- Ching a? prima facie suffi
cient for the primary negotiations- looking to
ward the return of the imperial Chinese Gov
ernment and to the resumption of its authority
at Peking, and toward the negotiation of a
complete settlement by the duly appointee
plenipotentiaries of the powers and of China.
3. To these ends the United States Minister In
Peking will be authorized to enter into rela
tions with Earl Li and Chlng as the immediate
representatives of the Chines* Emperor.
DEPARTMENT OF STATE.
Washington, September 21, 19«0.
ADMINISTRATION'S PLANS.
Will Always Be Ready to Protect
American Interests in China.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 22.— President Mc-
Kinley has given unmistakable notifica
tion to the world of his purpose to be pre
pared to protect by force American in
terests 'In China. Simultaneously with
the publication of the correspondence de
scribing the independent attitude adopted
by the United States Secretary Long
handed to the President a statement to
the effect that in view of the possibility
that later, when circumstances so war
rant, the land force in China will be ma
terially reduced the naval force In
Asiatic waters will be from time to time
increased with reference to American in
terests in China and also in the Philip
pines. There Is no doubt that this aug
mentation of the Asiatic station is due
to friction among the powers and the de
sire of the administration to be prepared
for eventualities.
This Government has watched with
some apprehension the increase which
European nations have made in their re
spective squadrons, but the need of adding
to the American fleet did not seem neces
sary while the powers were acting in har
mony. Germany's action in throwing ob
stacles In the way of the restoration of
peace and of her dispatch of four battle
ships and 60,000 men to the East has
deeply impressed the President and mem
bers of the Cabinet. .
There is no intention on the part of this
Government to become embroiled in in
ternational trouble if it can be avoided,
but it is deemed advisable to be prepared
for developments, and It is believed that
the nations of Europe which desire terri
tory in China will be the more anxious to
live up to their declarations in favor of
the maintenance of the empire's integrity
if a formidable American fleet be close at
hand to prevent injury to American inter
ests. By direction of Secretary Long, the
board more "than two months ago gave
consideration to a naval programme to be
adopted by the United States should an
international conflict be precipitated.
The smaller craft ordered to China sta
tion, such as the Dorothea, "Wilmington,
Annapolis and Vicksburg, will be especi
ally valuable for use in the waters of the
Philippines and China, but the Kentucky
and Albany are sent not because it is de
sired to impress the Filipinos or the Chi
nese who are ready and anxious to treat
for peace, but for the moral effect upon
Europe. There had been some talk of
the return of the battleship Oregon, bat it
can be safely stated she will remain in
China until the trouble there Is at an
end or she is replaced by some other ves
sel. It is proposed that vessels under or
ders to report to Admiral Kemey shall
proceed as rapidly as possible.
The Albany will start immediately from
Greece and the Wilmington from Pal
myra, South America. The Kentucky has
been ordered to New York and the
Vicksburg to Boston. The Kentucky is
a new battleship, equipped with superim
posed turrets. She will therefore not re
quire repair?, but will need docking and
and supplies for her long cruise. The
Vicksburg will be fitted at Boston, the
Dorothea at League Island and the Ann
apolis at Boston. These three last named
ships are not in commission.
Upon the arrival of the six vessels or
dered to join Admiral Remey and that of
the colliers conveying coal to his com- |
mand this fleet of the United States will |
comprise two battleships, one gunboat,
two auxiliary cruisers, five colliers and
three supply ships.
In the event of war, however, the first
move that would be made would be to
effect a junction between the Asiatic and
Facitic squadrons. The Pacific squadron
comprises the battleship Iowa, cruiser
Philadelphia, auxiliary cruiser Abarenda
and gunboats Ranger and Wheeling. The
battleship Wisconsin will be placed in
commission next month. There are five
torpedo-boats available. The United States
lias therefore in the Pacific an effective
fighting force of four battleships, one ar- i
mored cruiser, two monitors, four pro
tected cruisers, eighteen gunboats and
five torpedo-boats, besides auxiliary cruis
ers and colliers. Foreign naval attaches
here consider this a formidable fleet.
CAPTURE OF PEITAITG FORTS
Reports Concerning the Latest Vic
tory of the Allies.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 22.— The Navy
Department has received the following
cablegram from Admiral Remey:
"TAKU, Sept. 21.— Secretary of Navy,
¦Washington: Force of Russians, Ger
mans and Austrians advanced on Peltan?
forts last night. Fire opened by Chinese
and kept up all night at intervals. Forts
evacuated at 9 this morning. Europeans
hoisted their colors over forts at 11.
Twenty-five Russians and Germans re
ported blown up by mine. Information
from. Commander "Wise, who followed the
troops into the forts, says only five Chi
nese killed."
BERLIN. Sept. 22. — A dispatch received
here from Tientsin gives the losses of the
allies at the capture of the Peitang forts
as 120 men. including seven Germans. The
Chinese, the dispatch adds, escaped in
boats.
TAKU. Sept. 20.— Four thousand Rus
sians, 3000 Germans and 10W French
troops, with a detachment of Austrian
marines, began the attack upon the Pel
tang forts at daylight. The attack was
answered briskly from the forts, the bom
bardment continuing until noon, but it
was noticed that the forts did not reply
after 10 o'clock. The allies sent for
ward at noon to discover the reason of
the cessation of firing from the forts
found them deserted, there being only
four dead. Chinamen within the walls.
The allies were much chagrined, as they
believed they had the place completely
surrounded, making escape impossible;
vet over 3000 men got away In broad day
light. The Russian artillery fire had
proved effective and the forts were badly
damaged. The British and Italian com
manders had decided to join in the at
tack, but their troops had not arrived In
time.
The entire line between Tientsin and
Taku shows reinforcements were heading
for the forts. Three members of the allied
forces were killed and fifty were wounded
through the explosion of mines laid along
their line of march.
THREE MISSIONS DESTROYED.
Gro to Scene.
French Gunboat and Chinese Soldiers
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright. 1900, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
HONGKONG, Sept. 22.^The French
gunboat Avalanche and some Chinese sol
diers have left Canton for the Suntal dis
trict of the West River, where three mis
sions containing many converts have been
destroyed.
. 4 • J i T 1 1 T"* it-
TIENTSIN (via Taku), Sept. 22.— The Emperor and the court are at Takung-Fu, in the
north of Shansi province. General Chaffee considers that his work was ended at the relief of Pe
king, and he refused to take the imperiarpa lace > where the E m P ress Dowager and her Ministers
plotted the destruction to the foreigners and. Christians while they listened to the bombardment of
the legations. There are reliable reports that the group of large temples fourteen miles west of
Peking is full of Boxers who escaped from Peking after kiHing.knd burning for two months. Many
notorious leaders are there. They are defiant and have plenty of munitions and are raiding vil
lages. The American general refused co-operation with the British to punish these cutthroats,
and General Chaffee's attitude is condemned by all who favor permanent peace.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 22.— The
State Department to-night
made public the text of the
'notes addressed by It to the
governments of Germany, Rus
sia and China in answer to Inquiries from
thorn as to the attitude of. the United
States toward various phases of the Chi
nese problem. The forecasts of these
notes made In the press appear to have
l>een accurate, for although nowhere In
the text is reference made to the with
drawal of United States troops from
China the official statement issued by the
Navy Department in advance of the pub
lication of the notes bears out the predic
tion that the Government finally has de
cided upon such a material reduction of
its military force as will amount to a
withdrawal of the army as an offensive
instrument. This statement from the
Navy Department, moreover, is full of
significance of a purpose on the part of j
the Government to see to it that If there J
is any subsequent attempt at territorial |
aggression on the part of any of the pow- j
ers who already have declared themselves j
as willing to abide by the expressed de
termination of the United States to re
frain from seizing 1 upon Chinese territory,
then the United States is to lose no right
or privilege which it now enjoys by such
action. The notes themselves are brief,
considering the importance of the topics
treated. The Russian and Chinese an
swers, being in the form of diplomatic
memoranda, are short to a degree rarely
seen in diplomatic exchanges. But in
both cases, being completely responsive
and fa%-orablo to the inquiry, they will es
cape criticism on that score.
The answer to the German note is care
fully phrased, so as to soften the unquali
fied refusal of the United States Govern
ment to make the punishment of the Chi
nese ringleaders a condition precedent to
negotiations. Also it Is noted that in the
expression of a purpose to insist upon the
ultimate and proper punishment of these
offenders the State Department goes far
beyond the German declaration on the
subject. The announcement that the de
partment intends immediately to begin,
through Mr. Conger, conferences with
Chins and L.i Hung Chang, although dis
tinctly marking the fact that these are
only preliminary to final negotiations,
will have- the effect to force the other
powers to an immediate determination of
their policies In this matter. The text of
the correspondence follows:
Chinese correspondence, September IS
and 21, 1900.
Proposal of the German Government in
regard to the delivery of the responsible
authors of recent crimes committed in
Peking and^the reply of the United States
thereto:
(The Imperial German Charge d'Affaires
to the Secretary of State. Translation.)
Imperial German Embassy, Washington D.
C, Sept. 18, 1900. — Mr. Secretary: By direc
tion or the Imperial Chancellor, I have the
honor to respectfully communicate to your
Excellency the following: The Government of
his Majesty, the Emperor, considers as a pre
liminary condition for entering into diplomatic
negotiations with the Chinese Government a
surrender of such persons as are determined
upon as being the first and real perpetrators
of the crimes committed in Peking against In
ternational law. The number of perpetrators)
who served as tools is too great, a wholesale
execution would be averse to the civilized
conscience. Furthermore, circumstances would
not allow that even If the group of leaders
could be completely ascertained. But the few
among them whose guilt is notorious should
be surrendered and punished.
The representatives of the powers in Peking
will be In a position to make or adduce In
this investigation fully valid testimony. The
number of those punished is of less Importance
than their capture us principal instigators and
leaders. The Government of his Majesty, the
Emperor, believes that It can depend in this
matter upon the concurrence of all the Cabi
nets; for indifference toward the idea of a
Juet expiation would be equivalent' to indiffer
ence toward a repetition of the crime.
The Government of his Majesty, the Em
peror, therefore proposes to the Interested Cab
inets that they request their representatives in
Peking to designate the principal Chinese per
sonages whose guilt In the instigation or exe
cution of crimes in beyond doubt.
A similar communication is forwarded to the
other Interested Cabinets. STERNBL'UG.
(Acting Secretary Hill to the imperial
German Charge d'Affaires.) - \
Department of State.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 21, 1900.
Sir: In response to your inquiry of the 18th
as t» the attitude of the Government of the*
United States In regard to exemplary punish
ment of the notable leaders in the crimes com
mitted in Peking against international law, I
have the honor to nfake the following state
ment:
The Government of the United States has
from the -outset proclaimed its purpose to hold
to the uttermost accountability the responsible
authors of any wrongs done In China to citizens
of the United States and their interests, as was
stated in the Government circular communica
tion of July 3 last. These wrongs have been
I committed not alone in Peking, but In many
other parts of the empire, and their punishment
is believed to be an essential element of any
effective settlement which shall prevent a re
currence of such outrages and bring about peace
In China. It Is thought, however, that no puni
tive measures can be bo effective by way of
I rer.aration for wrongs suffered and as deterrent
examples for the. future as the degradation and
punishment of the responsible authors by the
supreme imperial authority itself, and it seems
only just to China that ehe should lx» afforded
In the flr»t instance an opportunity to do this
and thus rehabilitate herself before the world.
Believing thusly, and without abating In any
wise its deliberate purpose to exact the fullest
accountability from the responsible authors of
the wrongs we have suffered In China, the Gov
ernment of the United States is not disposed
aa.a preliminary condition to entering . into
diplomatic negotiations with the Chinese Gov
ernment, to Join In a demand that said Gov
ernment surrender to the powers such persons
as. according to the determination of the pow
ers themselves, may be held to be the first and
real perpetrators of those wrongs. On the other
hand this Government is disposed to hold that
the punishment of the high responsible authors
of the wrongs, not only In Peking, but through-*
out China, Is essentially a condition to be em
braced and provided for in the negotiations for
a final settlement. It is the purpose of this
Government, at the earliest practicable mo
ment, to name its plenipotentiaries for nego
tiating a settlement with China and in the
meantime to authorize its Minister In Peking
to enter forthwith Its conference with- the duly
authorized representatives of the Chinese Gov
j einment, with a view to bringing about a pre
liminary agreement whereby the full exercise of
the Imperial power for the preservation of or
der and the protection of foreign life and prop
erty throughout China, pending negotiations
¦ with the powers, shall be assured.
> . ' DAVID J. HILL. Acting Secretary.
Fretherr Speck von Sternburg, etc., Wash
, ington.
. (Chinese correspondence, September 17
21, 1900.)
Concerning the appointment of Prince
• Chlng as plenipotentiary.'
i Handed to Mr. Adee ay the Chinese M!n
! ister, Mr. Wu, September 17, 1900, 10:15
, a. m. 1
, Cablegram from Prince Chlng dated at
Peking September 8, 1900. transmitted by
i the Chinese Minister at St. Petersburg
. on the 16th inst. to Minister "Wu. who re
. ceived It on the night of the same day:
! Foreign troops have entered Peking, and their
i Majesties, the Empress Dowager and the Em
, peror, having gone westward on a tour, I
have received an Imperial edict appointing me
envoy plenipotentiary . with full discretionary
powers in conjunction with Grand Secretary
LI Hung Chang, to negotiate peace. Please
inform Secretary of State and request that. In
view of the long friendly relations (existing
between the two countries) instructions be tele
graphed to the (United States). . Minister at
Peking to open negotiations in a harmonious
way at an early date to the Interest and gratl*
ficatlon of air concerned,
(Handed to th© Chinese Minister by the
Official Correspoinidepce, Now-Made PoWlc, Points to a
Speedy DamiiniLiitnoin of the Noainriiiber of Troops
STAND OF UNITED STATES
ON AFFAIRS IN CHINA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1900.
16
E3aBBIlBBBQBaBBBBB!B3SSBaBBiaHnBBBQBaBDBaBIIB5IBaBBaBBBIQBBBBBgHII]IBaBBBaBHBB
B ' - ¦ _ . ¦
| ' ¦ ¦
I S*«iP^i Be a Man A »rion£ Men ! =
0 Lfii Be Strong and Vigorous ! 5
1 C s^vv _/-~"Vf^ Free Yourself From the S
¦ WPm^MW^' Chains That Hold You Down ! J
5 /& &»^'/t '^W'lMkJ • Natu F e intended you to be a strong man. You have the physique, 5
B w i J tf^'-'{d$''ni t^ ie const ' tut i° n . and yet you do not feel the vim, the sand, the ambition 5
R (8) fjift/ *Wt¥mffiljr/ ? ne would expect in a man of your age. What is it? Why, a lack of vital- J
B ik if&§ vi^^^^^^" ity— the foundation of manhood. You have lost it. no matter how. Get g
B (w) A'j^y.\ aaT^yP^^rT"" it back; feel young, look young, act young. Life is beautiful when you a
B V&. /%^ Z? w^TW^?r\N have hcalth - l can hel P vou - h
I Mr WmSt DR - McLau ghlin's electric belt, S
H . OT^' /? n$!/jli%ffler\ ¦¦¦'""• With Suspensory for weak men. has brought strength, ambition and p
¦ \ happiness to ten thousand men in the past year. n
H /' jii-^\ML<*-\ . Men, why will you be weak? Why do you not listen to the echo of ¦
l *^§r ~ ' >Bp'te;'!|\ thousands of prrateful voices raised in thanks to Dr. McLaughlin's Elec- B
n \-i»^^v' \i '•'• ' ''V trie Belt? Why do you go on from day to day realizing that you are I05- B
13 \*'l^^< il^ii' A in^ vour nerv e force, your manhood, when you see a cure within your **
B ViV % \mi\ ' grasp? Reach for it. take it to your heart and feel the life blood flowing. E
H Ni\\t A'. \ jumping, dancing through your veins; feel the exhilarating sp«irk of gj
U \v\ \ \ '; \ manly power warm your frame, the bright flash come to your eye. and the gj
H • vi'A \i/l m g " P to vour ant^ — the grip which grasps your fellow man and telU ¦
3 JtvV w'l m OU ave ounc * vour Mecca — you have regained your manhood. ¦
S _^is>^ _!__ jl|V Act Now, Act To-Day. Pay When Cured. |
H <^<**-^^_^j^^g^2^6,^,\~' i>o not delay a matter which is the key to your future happiness; do B
H — ¦_¦ ~~Jr~'»z*z-=z=^?=2s£y not allow a disease to destroy all possibility of future pleasure for you. K
g cc: _ _ u = "_. ._ Whatever your condition to-day you will not improve as you gro-.v ¦
H'.^* 2 '* 2 ' l-rilfc> CUKc older. Age calls for greater vital force, and the older you get the more ¦
H Feels SO Years Younger pronounced and apparent will b« your weakness, so cure it now — cure it 3
I GKRMANTOWN.Cal..Sept:io. i<mo. are young. ., '." L . , .5
B Dn. m. a, McLAUfiiiUN-Dear Sir: Any honest man who will satisfy me that he can pay me when cured S
» Tour Beit has worked wonders in my case, can get my Belt. I know it will' cure or I could not make this offer. I 5
SI int"nearuer e ana .uSSU' t hJX. YCve' be™ know «t because I have thousands of letters which thank me for the good a
Ki for years, i fferuke a new p-rson, in fact work my Belt has done for others as badly if not worse off than vou may S3
pa I consider myself twenty yenrs younger, u_ ¦ ' J ¦„
K all of which I pralce your Belt for. I will ~.. , ~n r-^^. ~ ' "'"'¦" „
gj ' take pleasure in reoomrnending it to my CALL OR SFND FOR FREF. HCOK.— If you are weak, if vou have ¦
H friends. You™ very. trui> Y _, Laj^e Back. Rheumatism. Weak Stomach. Dyspepsia. Sleeplessness. ¦
eg , Physical Decline. Loss of Energy and Ambition, or anv evidence of 5
H breaking down of the physical or nervous system, COME AND SEE ME.'OR IF YOU CANT CALL WRITE ,
B FOR MY BOOK AND SYMPTOM BLANKS, WHICH ARE SENT. SI.ALED, FREE. Office hours: o a. m. tj
H to 8:30 p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 1. 3
SOI? M A MillGHlIN 792 Market St.. Cor. Kearny, Saa Francisco. ¦
¦BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBaBBBBESBBBB3BBEBBBBHaBBBSgBHOagBBaBBBBBBBaP»
RabV'it h^ads with tmall horns are ex-
: : ;b!t<--': Sr. some Swiss taverns for the
mystifi' ation nf touring. The horns are
fc.T5xod to tho heads by clever and wag-
£.hk taxidermists.
Learning there was a cure for drunkenness
which she could give her husband eecretly she
decided to try It. £he mixed it In his food and
coffee and as the remedy la odorless and taste-
less he never knew what It was that so quickly
relieved the craving tor liquor. He soon began
to pick up In flesh, his appetite for solid food
returned, he stuck to his work nsolsrfjr and
they now have a happy home. Mr. Harry w;is
toll about his wife's experiment and he gives
her the credit of having restorpd him to his
senses. It is certainly a remarkable remedy,
cures a man without his effort. 1o*>s him no
harm and causes him no suffering whatever.
Dr. Haines, the discoverer, will send a sam-
ple of this grand remedy free to all who wiil
write for it. Enough of this remedy is mailed
free to show how It Is used In tea, coffee or
food and that It will cure the dreaded habit
quietly and permanently. Send your name an.i
address to Dr. J. W. Haines, 2671 Glenn build-
ins,', Cincinnati, Ohio, and he will mail a free
sample of the remedy to you, securely seaW
in a plain wrapper, also full directions how to
use It, books and testimonials from hundreds
who have been cured, and everything needed
to aid you In savins: those near and dear to
you from a life of degradation and ultimate
poverty and disgrace.
Send for a free trial to-day. It will brighten
the rest of your life.
MH3. CHAS. W. HARRT.
COSTS NOTHING TO TRY.
': - - --.-¦:- ¦. ¦ •¦• .,..? -- , -• .-¦ ¦ .¦ ¦ ¦ ¦«¦
It takes a woman to overcome ibstaclea. Mr*.
Chas \V\ Harr>'. »" E. Fourth utreet, New-
port. Ky., had for years patlea'ly borne th»
dl3jcrace. sufferinir. misery and privation due
to her husband's drinking habit*.
Mixed a Remedy in His Coffee and
Food and Cured Him Without
His Help or Knowledge.
We Want All Oup Readers to Know
How Mrs. Chas. W. Happy
Cured Her Husband.
Best Way
to Cure
Drunkards
ADVERTISEMENTS.
% OUR STORE WILL BE CLOSED TO-MORROW! 4
| REOPENS TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 25th, 1
i /S C^H* F? /I T F* F-* &~^ / jOL / P &
V Al \ul M tt IU- r*t I «N— fQ tm^ %S B J~K iLw <mJr F*k LmJ Emm* VT
r - \JmJ 111 JL—^^^jP^ 1 1 ¦ O I ,
| TAILOR SILK COLF BLACK LININGS |
•& SUITS WAISTS SKIRTS GOODS and SILKS &
% A Noteworthy yj«-h OIqoo Ulaoli Pranmno and P^fnhooooi The« Have j %
% Cfferingin nlgi! blaSS OldGn llSPtilld and IloISsaSSBS; Jusi Arrived |
f* In the rnst we have advertised an.i phown many distinctive liareains in Black Dress Goods, but the following -•
¦^ viola.-. ior.s rr-pr.s-nt MORE STYLE. MOEE CHAEM AND GREATER MONEY'S WORTH than any here- *§?
JL tnfore mentioned. These grorxis are the 1 production <if tho most celebrated Knjillsh manufacturer, and < were con- ,-»
traded for lnnp apo on a much lower basis than It is r.ow possible to secure them. For beauty of texture and rich- *3T
t ness of design and lustre, they have never been surpassed. On sale beginning TUESDAY.
I S9 SUIT— Reguiar Vaiue SI3.50. 40-inch Black Cheviot 48c Yd. *
J£i Kich and rnort rxrluxlve hiph-prsOe BLACK OREPON and If !t fails to' give perfect satisfaction, come back and get *3»
4? MATELASSE FUittncF; looms never made jTetti^r r-ffects; all of the money i>aic1 or new material. It Is extra heavy, warranted
tbejn :t»^ v<ry choicest and Etytes phown 1i<tp t.h»* first GO cure wnol and good value at 75c. On sale Tuesday /I Q/> zZ+
tF lime. < »r. Fiile at. suit Ot? at. yard t T"OW "^
_____ j ZZZZZ ¦
£ Beautiful A muNhl"oAVmb LirJSNu oALli Ladies' &
__ |\| <\ *J(>it\£ We f'tter our r.atn>ns. t>»*pinninK' Tuesday, an unusual opportunity for Q,.;*_ •«
»' ¦-wt%,ji,w purchasing Pre?? Linings an<1 .Notions at far below the repjlar pellini? vlUilO «•
prlc*». A vary large purchase of I.inlnps from an overloaded inu-srter (£fb£\ ««
Jfc Wilfto l>"rm'.ts us to make Hi* foll< wir.g: extraortlil— ry ofTering; remember, there »3_ifc»J t**
*•' C< wi:l *** r '° d ' s TP° immer!ts tor those who come early, i — . .
•4* " C| nfi Cjlj, Mnrpfln Th^s.- Moreena nre an exceptionally heavy quality, fcaCll.
JL ti c «_, «»,<„—«.-» <>!.UJ Ollft hrJ.CCII W jth a blgtl finish an.i brilliant lustre, black ground, —
S^ Bntptpem- ir. y-.j _ uh !lrig v, t sat)l , urines of Lavender, Blue, Garnet. We are maklne a *y
*^ in un*><iuale<l array of J ••>'"• <5re«>n. Corn Color and White: 'a maprnillcent AZ\(+ most comprehensive ex- ¦•
•^t- exclusive silk beauty. Quality for pettiroats and linintr lor Fkirts; worth $1: on sale.. yd... T"C*V* h)bJt of what win
& that W!I , be 5 5 .| nch Ke:r-Silk Lining 7^W^^W u %*™M^£ r l^^i <** »«H«»« les
*^ r tn,s iall— on sale n. y-- j J'unile. Cerise Green, Hrown. Tur<iuol?e, Navy durlnsr the cominf? Fall "r
& Tuesday. PI1.K POP- au I3IU< Lawnder, OLl Ko?e and Blacit. On Qr- Season *y
P LIX8. in all the fash- Eale at - varJ *^ W Women's new Fall £*
* i^ecoior.n.s. 25c Quality H2tr Cloth 18c Yard. SK^SS! <n « ne f
,J4 l-AN'-V CORD TAF- ¦ • £ a!e at, yard lOW English Cheviot, Navy *|»
*' ikta. satin STRIP- ck'o'rf" 7p Pair Rnno P semj Cp PIppp and Black - lnlata veI * &*
¦^ i:n I'c:.ka dot an3 UrSSS ell 8;Qa IG rdT. DOilc UflSill^ vC rlcCB- vet co!lari nare E kirt,
fc B « H B OIDE RED Tlie Stockinet, in all sizes. Kegular 9-yard lengths, in all colors; handsomely t a 1 1 o red A
V CORDED TAFFETA, «««• 'J I" n ! Hom Pnn?5 Sp nn7'n jacket lined with best -
$ the w« quality ob- Nainsook She ds I c Pair. nom fconas dc uoz^n. J a special -at *
t _inat>le at The Dc k^nd. A cord wearing rtxleli . In a!1 sl2es - ert!d r*BUlarly at 10c.
T SI Yard. Cordurof and Brush Binding:. Needles. $2O Suit. |T
4? In all the '.eadine colors and A r IVst make MILWARD q r . „
_. black vani ¦ Needles, all numbers, paper, tj V/ " »j
-5* — ' '• 1 ' *
f B1EAT VALUES IN MARSEILLES QUILTS — Sf.50 E ch. 3 T c HANDKERCHIEFS FOR 19c EACH. J
f One of the b«t r, have mad, in this department for a g^j^ ffSSgfe SSl&5^SSSfS& in J
Lire time. A wholesaler closed out to us 85 fcenuin» KnpliFh Mar- assortment all the new and dainty effects, lace and embroidered; ?&
ti' Fellies Bed Quilts at a very Fpecial price, to be sold on Tuesday. all of them to be sjld at the special price of I *}C i?
The.- aiv extra heavy, double size, in choice patterns « 5() ac *S*
,,, alreaJi ,™., actually worth K S. Tue^ay.Each bl— ANOTHER SILK WAIST BARGAIN — $3.95 EaCll. #
» A new s-hipment on pale Tuesday: very tastefully made, si
*%? C|sf»V HfO-C Taffeta On "»'«• 5 - M yards seniceable therefore very attractive; made of line Taffeta, tucked all over *y
l"l:U» Ui«3i) tti i..3, r:-:Tich Black Taffeta, which ha.« that front, back nnd sleeves, finished with a pretty scalloped hand, <~
r ;7 h->h 7C~ V^rii IKJ ' t « "'" h - lostrooa tt:iish-that which j trirr.me.l with pearl buttons; lit puaranteetl; in colors of cardinal, •jy
** Zi"i'!t«tf| fJli lalUi usually sell* at Jl 00; Tuesday *7 fS ~ I cerise, tuniuni^e. old rose, lavender, purple, bluet, white and "£
m'i yard » "*" I Mick. On sale $3 S3 each. &
4* | COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. i ' I
•f Kew Funnels Beautiful Wool 4
*•;! IBic Yard jf®%> k]t*yfr& Waist Mions %
¦& ~~ ' *§•
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"m ii§||pPF?!?The California Northwestern Railway
will run an excursion to fkiah 8unday.
September 3flt»i. Each ticket insures a
seat, as none will be sold In excess of the
number provided. Fare for round trip
12.00. Leave Tlburon ferry 8:30 a. m. ;
Ukiah. 5^*0 p. m. Tickets now on sale at
650 Market street (Chronicle Building) and
at Tiburon ferry.
Reserved S?at Excursion.
Camp waa destroyed. It is reported that
the town If out of danger now. l>ut a num
ber of farm buildings and schoolhouses
probably will be ln ruins before morning.
m
SQUIRREL INN IS THREATENED.
Forest Fire Hearing tne San Bernar-
dino County Resort.
Fpeclal Dlipatch to The Call.
SAN BERNARDINO. Sept. 22.— Forest
fires are sweeping the mountains near
San Bernardino and one conflagration
threatens the destruction of the famous
Squirrel Inn resort and lt» surrounding
cottar***- It was started by a road trac
tion engine working for the Guernsey
mill and swept over the summit and down
the north e!«1e In the heavy timber. A
north wind caught and turned back the
Jlames to the south tide, sweeping them
in the direction of the Inn.
Supervisor Frank Hanna has nearly a
hundred men fighting the flames. Three
other flre« are ln sight on the range. The
forests are parched and very Inflammable.
SHINGIiE MTXIi DESTBOYED.
Large Plant Razed by Flames Near
Halfmoon Bay.
HALFMOON BAi, Sept. 22.— The shin
gle mill of Fanson Bros, at Baldnot was
destroyed !>>' flre last night, with two
million ffhinElea and an immense supply
j.f iumlw»r. A forest flre has be*>n raping
In the vicinity of the mill for several days
i.ast. Last night It got beyond the con
trol of the ilre-lighters. and in a short
time the shingle plant was In flames. The
loss has not been estimated as yet, but
will be heavy.
MANY RANCHES DEVASTATED.
Santa Cruz Mountain Tracts Denuded
of Their Forests.
Fpoclal Ptspatrh to The Call.
SANTA CRTTZ. Sept. 22.~The immense
fnrept flr<> near this city Is yet uncon
trolled and peems to be gaining headway.
It ho* already burned over several miles
of territory, but luckily no houses have
been ln its path. The home of R- S. Ed
wards had a narrow escape from destruc
tion. Hundreds of enriia at wood halanf.
BAKERSFIELD, Sept. 22.-The Santa
Fe Company wants $.t0O0 damages from
the city of Bakersfield. \whose Trustees
recently had sixty-four yards of the rail
road's siding demolished. Suit waa filed
by the company to-day. An Injunction ia
asked for to prohibit the city from inter
fering with the trackage . of ... the road
within the corporate limits.' A temporary
restraining order was Issued to-day.
California: Original—William A. Fay,
San Diego, $8; El emu el T. Misslnger, San
Diego, $6; Andrew Pettitt. Bakerstteld. ?6;
John W. Smallwood, Soldiers' Home. Los
Angeles, $6. War with Spain: Original —
AVilllam II. Wheeler, San Francisco, $5;
Zacharlah T. Hay-den, San Francisco, 58;
Stephen D. Ballou, San Luis Obispo. J6.
Oregon: Original—Henry Conn, Rose
burg. $6.
Washington: Original Martin Davl
son. Woodley, $5. War with Spain: Orig
inal—William J. Kays, Proebstel, JS.
_ «
V{-
Santa Fe Sues Bakersfleld.
.
Special Dispatch to The Call
WASHINGTON, Sept. 22. — Postofflce
discontinued: Oregon — Willsburg, Mult
nomah County; mall should be sent to
Portland. Postmaster commissioned-
Lewis S. Kelley, Emigrant Gap, Cal.
Pacific Coast pensions have been grant
ed as follows:
sions Granted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Postofflce Changes and List of Pen-
rNTERESTS THE COAST.
Speclal Dispatch to The. Call.
LOS AXGELES, Sept. 22.— At the Meth
odlst conference this morning Rev. J. W.
Shenk. formerly of Omaha, but now of
Los Angeles, volunteered to raise $30,000
to endow a chair in the University of
Southern California^ The proposition waa
greeted with chwrs, and when they had
subsided the Bishop made a speech. In
which he said that the gentleman was re
sponsible and could be depended upon to
raise the money if he promised to do so.
When asked regarding hia plans, for
raising the sum. Rev. Mr. Shenk said they
were to be kept secret for the present.
It would take three years to raise the
money, which should come through the
natural resources of California.
The report on church taxation by a
committee appointed to draft resolutions
was read. The report opens as follows: j
Our lnvestlURtion leads us to believe that
unless the enormous and unrighteous burd>n of
taxation upon our churches shall be removed,
they must Rive up the Ftruggle. to build and
maintain houees of worship worthy of the. ad
vancing civilization of our State.,
Second— That there Is singular apathy upon
this subject, even among Christian men. and
that this amendment will certainly be lost ur.-
Ie»s every honorable means be used to awaken
righteous sentiment.
It further states that every piece of
legislation requires a certain amount of
money to be expended in getting the In
formation before the people, and asks
that October 7 be set apart as a day in
which to raise money in the churches for
this purpose. The preachers are to make
a canvass of their congregations and do
their best to get the Issue before the peo
ple. - '
This afternoon was devoted to the In-
Rev. J. W. Shenk Will Provid* for
a Chair in the University of
Southern Calif or-
AGREES TO RAISE
ENDOWMENT FOND
SEATTLE. Sent. 22.— Th- Tnlted State*
trancnort Lawton tailed this afternoon for
N'oniA with a carsro of iiiartTTnsist©r*!i supplies.
Returning she will bring destitute miners from
the northern camps. Major Ho*!jtes and twen
ty men go nn the Lawton to preserve order on
the return trip.
FRESNO. Sept. C— Ste-ps were begun to-day
to probate the estate of Oeonre W. Him»». who
was poisoned by his 13-year-oM sir>n. Freder
ick Ii H. Martin, uncle of the N>y poi»rner.
«ik?d for letters cf ?uarr!!an*h!p of the per
son* and estate of the children. Oth»r r»!a
t!\e» are likely to contest th« petition.
EUREKA. Hept. K.— The Eureka Mechanical
and Agricultnral Fair cloned this evening. Dur
ing tha week there ha* re«n a ste«<+y Increase
In tha attendance, making this year's fair th»
most successf'il yet held. Th» booths were un
upuallr attractlra. as were the Eeneral din
plays.
SAN* JOSE. Sept. Zl.-J. G. Martin, engineer
for the C«mpb«ll Water Works, was Wiled at
that rlac this afternoon while makins re
pain to a shaft located In a we'.l lW f»»t de«p.
He w*s alone at the time, but It is ¦uptKMwxt
h* sllDoed off the crossties and felt fifty f*e»
to th» bottom. H« was 45 rears oM and a na
tive of England.
SAN JOSE. Sept. ZZ.—C. N. Hackaby'* mar
ried life was not alt<>iceth»r happy and th* dis
cord that "pran* up h»tw»»n himself and ht»
trlfe wa» taken up br hin father-n-law, J. H.
Moellerinr. Besides beln* mad* th? defendant
In a suit for divorce brought by Mrs. Huckaby.
her father had him arrested several times on
charges of bat fry and assault to murder.
Kach time Huckaby cleared himself of th»
charge, and now he has flzured out that hit
fstbe.r-ln-law Is In.ifbfd to him Just H2.5C0 for
damages rawing out of th«s* arrests. This
sum Is demanded In a suit fll»d In the Superior
Court.
COAST NEWS IN BRIEF.
id a state of mental aberration, as h*
was known to have been out of his mind
for several days, the result of heavy dis
sipation. "Wines came to this city eight
years ago from Virginia City, Nev.
- BUTTE. Mont.. Sept. 22.— Melville L.
Wines, Prosecuting Attorney for Silver
Bow County for two terms and a prom
inent criminal lawyer, committed suicide
last night by taking morpnlne. The act
was evidently committed while ho was
Melville I*, "wines a Suicide.
CHICO, Sept. 22.— The quarantine estab
lished at the Bldwell sheep camp on Sep
tember 10 was raised to-day. No new cases
of smallpox have been reported.
Smallpox Quarantine Raised.
Spocl&l Dispatch to The Call
PETALUMA. Sept. 22.— William Frates.
tho 15-year-old son of, a prominent Portu
guese rancher, while driving to town yes
terday afternoon, accompanied by a
younger brother, was phot and probably
fatsJly wounded by the accidental dis
charge of a 22-callber rifle which was In
the bottom of the cart. The reins became
entangled about the weapon, and In en
deavoring to free them it was discharged.
The ball entered Frates* head through
the corner of the left eye. near the nose,
and lodged in the brain. The young man
has not regained consciousness since the
accident and no hope Is entertained for
his recovery-
Victim of Accidental Shooting.
Special Dispatch to The Call
WOODLAND. Sept. 22.— At a meeting of
the land owners of Reclamation District
No. 1CS to-day the trustees were empow
ered to make arrangements for the con
struction of a mammoth drainage canal
extending from a point three and a half
miles northeast of College City, in Co
luea County, along the western boundary
of the district to Syracuse Slough, near
Knight; Landing, in Yolo County. This
Is intended to prevent inundation from
the waters of the foothills of the Coast
Range.
and Yolo Lands.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BIG DRAINAGE CANAL.
Will Prevent Inundation of Oolusa
terests of the Epworth League, and the
evening session also was given over to
consideration of this branch of the
church.
TRUCKEE. Sept. 22— Fire broke out in
the Truckee iAimber Company's yard
shortly after 6 o'clock this evening ani in
five hours 1,000,000.000 feet of choice lumber
was reduced to ashes. The blaze started
on the west end of the yard, and about
300 y^rds from the fire furnace, and made
such headway that it was Impossible to
gave any lumber In that end of the yard.
By hard work the dry sheds and the big
box factory- 'were saved. Two strong
streams of water were kept playing on the
fire, wwi* tha railroad water car. was run
at Truckee.
Special DlBpatch to The Call.
FLAMES IN A LUMBER YARD.
Million Feet of Cut Timber Consumed
Mr. Locke is one of the heaviest losers.
Hundreds of acres of feed for hl3 cattle
have been burned and now the flre Is raz
ing his timber tract.
Yesterdaj' over 5000 acres of land was
burned over. The country for seven miles
from Fulton to Scotts Valley is desolated.
Where once stood beautiful trees all that
remain are the black and charred trunks.
At present the flames are devastating
a pine and redwood timber district. To
night the whole mountain seems ablaze
and the sight is a magnificent one. From
this city at night the heavens are illumin
ated. To-day the sky Is overcast -with
smoke.
The fire was near the Big Trees at one
time and had there been a north wind
nothing could have saved them.
Ing to William Russell, Talbot & Hayea,
Sejjeworth Bros, and John Eaton have
been burned. A hundred men are fighting
the fire.
As the conflagration approached Hepsi
dam Mrs. Blackburn notified the teacher
of the school at Scott's Valley, and one
of the boys rode on hia bicycle to notify
people in the valley. The Blackburn cot
tages and Miss Anderson's cottages at
Hepsidam were saved only after hard
work. Fencing and chicken-houses be
longing 1 to Mls3 Anderson were burned.
The home of John Katon and J. Smith at
Bean Creek also had narrow escapes. As
the flre neared Sprlngvale, the beautiful
home of D. M. Locke, the family com
menced to move out. Mrs. Locke got into
the carriage and went up and down the
valley notifying the residents of their dan
cer, and poon all the able-bodied men ln
Scotts Valley were doing their best to
check the conflagration. Some worked all
nieht.
VALLEJO, Sept. 22.— VaJlejo has had
four alarms of fire to-day. The first wan
the burning . of two barns and a milk
house, at the Starr place, on the Benlcia
road. Albln Hartman was the sufferer.
The eecond alarm was due to a grass fire,
and the third to a small blaze in a house
on Capitol street, M. Sullivan's property.
Two hours later the eajne house caught
lire again. v
Vallejo's Firemen Kept Busy.
up near on the siding, and about an hour
later the fire train from Summit arrived
and a fourth stream was brought Into ac
tion. The origin of the fire is not known,
but the general Impression is that sparks
from the furnace started it. The loss is
placed at $30,000.
Men, Women ard Children "Work to
Save the Town.
S;*c1«i Pifpstr-h in Th» Tell.
PAN'TA ROSA. Popt. 22.— Word hns just
4 beta r*»ccivod here of a "forest fir* 1 that
uas tH-trt rasrinpr n^-'.r tb<« ilttle town of
- < >ccidentaJ. about twenty miles west of
;his j'lace. More than two thousand am;s
rf timber iand hae been burned over al
rea'Jv. All la^t nipht the citizens — men.
women and children — fouirht the fire to
l;t«^p it from <Wt roving the town. Th*
lone bridge between the town ***d MeaVars
TIKE THREATENS OCCIDENTAL.
OAKIJINP. Eept. 22.— The fire In the
hills north of Berko]<?y blazed up again
!n the canyons this morning when the high
wind fanned the embers of yesterday's
conflagration. No additional damage to
nropprtv was« <1on<*. however, and the Pre
burned out before noon.
La Lon:a. the residence of the late Cap
tain Thomas, was saved from destruction
by ihe count v r^>ad. which prevented last
nlpht's fire iron spreading south wax d.
This afternoon tb" c^ssatlnn of the hot
wave with Jt3 afcompanytng high north
wind relieved the »'xhausted volunteer
firemen of the town, who had been on
¦ratcJl to prevent a fresh outbreak of the
Reports from the vlrJn'tv of Lafayette
indicate that the confl&CTatloa ln t n:it v1 '
HnJty burned itself oat after destroying
iil! th« ve«»-tation an<] fftidng on many
thousand arres.
FIH.E BUBIfS ITSELF OUT
Blazes Up in the Berkeley Hills, but
Quickly Dies Out.
by the Conflagrations.
FALrNAS, Sept. 22.— Word has been ro
cclved here that three flr<«s are raging
In the mountains in the southern part of
the county. One Is destroying everything
ir. its pa.th in the Thompson Canyon.
hack of Dempeey'B ranch. A tract of
about 500 acres haa been laid waste, and
. ¦ e. late hour the flames could be 8e*n
'ollowlng up the canyon. Another fire
eoulfi t^e se»»n la?«t right spending its fury
on th« bru*h and graas on the hills this
eide of Jolon. It could rot be leafned
how much damage had been done. Two
hundred acres of timber In the Gahilan
raich oppofit** M^tz, ¦were consumed By
tire *No houpes, so far as known, have
bf-ori destroyed, aJthou&h In some places
fanners are - desperately fighting the
f.ames. The heat in the vicinity of the
?.re is reported to b* Intense, and undoubt-
w»s largely the cause ol sending tho
rr.f'rcury up h!plier at Salinas than at
any previous t!m« this season.
THREE FIRES I7EAR SALINAS
Hillsides Denuded of Their Timber
Ravages of Field Fires in the Vi
cinity cf Sacramento.
EACEAMENTO, SeptJ 22.— Several
r. ns of this county w«re swept by fires
during the high wind of yesterday and
.;--t night. One near Pattersons Station,
nine miles ncrthf-ast of this city, hurned
over the ranch of Henry Cowell, destroy
ing a larse barn, a farmhouse of one and
a half stories, granaries, outhouse* and
-¦ r.cee and sixty tuns of hay in stack. The
I iss amounts to several ttioutand dollars,
v.:;l: no insurance.
A grass firf caught near Cotbdlni Sta
tion above PMcom and burned liercely
• • er th« lower swell of foothills, sweep
i:.g ever\thlnB before It. Over a thousand
a.) res of feea was destroyed and fences
v»re leveled. At the same time a fire
F-arted mar Alder Creek, eighteen miles
up the American River, and burned over
teveral fiolus.
Yesterday afternoon a fire burned over
the Jacobs ranch, r.ear Franklin, in the
eouthcrn part of the county, destroying
several thousand acres of feed ar.d over
li<0 tons of hay. The buildings on the
Ross ranch w*-re all burned Mr. Frye
lost 100 tons of hay. and ex-State Senator
Johnson lost heavily. A barn full of hay.
2«j lacks of wheat and V.'i tons of baled
hay belonirlrg to the Farmers' and Mer
chants' Bank of this city were consume!.
Word waa rr-^r>ived here that a stubborn
fre in the vicinity of Lincoln, Placer
Cotir.ty. had been doing much damage,
destroying amor.g other things several
dwelling houtcs in the town.
TiiouBSLruis of Acres of Timber and
Outbuildings on Scores of
Farms Leveled by Tor
rents of Fire,
9
Bpoel&l Dispatch to Tfce Call.
SAX RJLFAEU S«Tt. 22.— Tho conflagra
tion on the Mils between Nova.tr, and Ni
caslo .» rapidly covering an lrr.mense dis
trict. Already It has swept the i-ountr/
betweea these two towns to within a mile
and a half of Nicasio. Livery foot of the
land is a blackened wa^te. . '
Nothing definite can be learned as re
garda the safety of the buildings on the
outlying ranches. It is feareU that many
of them have been o>stri>yed. Joe Cop
preil of the Bull Tail i&smch was in
Nicaalo early this afternoon trying to get
men to move bis effects, us be had littla
hope of saving the buildings, lie brought
his wife and children with him and left
tj.era in th« town for safety. Daniel
Powers came to Nieasio on a- similar vr
rBMd. Ii is believed that the buildings
on his ranch are already burned. Down
•Jf-ep In Rodgcrs Gulch, this side of
Nicasio, a desperate attempt is being
made to t-ave the buildings of the ranch.
It was reported this afternoon that
hune'reds of head of cattle had already
perished in the thick brush, where ear
lier in the day th^y 'had sought s=afety.
John Foster, on the D? I^ong ranch, is
. :. to have lost a r.urnber of cattle.
To the northeast the tire is equally de
structive. The hit?h ranges back of the
County Poor Farm are licked by flames
tha heavens are lurid with the fur
ace-Iik* slare from the gulches, xvhero
heavy limber and grretm wood feed the.
:1 is: ration. The farm is threatened
•a.-.-. Uestructicn. Hired men ar^ making
heroic efforts to sav«i the place. All d>
< n<i> on the wind. A strong south
rcez« wcMld check the fire. It is esti
¦:.;.ie<\ that 500 men are fighting the
dairies. Men are in demand at $1 per
hour.
B res of deer, scattering: before the
- ;¦*.. -,v<*re seen to-day nefkir.g safety in
; .• unburnt district?. A large panther
r,is «=ee:: on the Augustine ranch by John
V ;;son. who says that the feline was tor
• ly scorched and seamed to be in a furi
is rage. Wilson says that when the
blither saw him it crouchfd arid com
•-<i to lash its s!dt-s with Us tail.
EifcYin*; no pun. he discreetly mounted his
:. rse and hurried away.
Ail the afternoon gr<-at banks* of fmoke
a-.d heat drifted ov»>r this city and ftiow
•s of a?hes fe!I In the Ftreets. People
•iO did ii"t know differently thought
• at lh« zlty was in daaprer and that the
r-* »3« uj>on them, instead of being eight
::.¦ li away.
PLANCH SOUSES DESTROYED.
HEAVY LOSS OF STOCK.
Forests Are Razed
and Fields Laid
Waste.
Many Ranch - Houses
Probably Burned
Near Novato.
VAST AREAS
DEVASTATED
BY FLAMES
THE SAX FRANCISCO CAL.L,, SUXDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1900.
17
Wise and thrifty housekeepers buy their furniture at the big
store. But prices tell the story better than columns of self-praise.
It will pay you to read the partial list of this week's great bargains,
which are given herewith:
_ Golden Oak Dining-Room Chair— Cane seat, bannister back,
{~ip 5^5) heavy legs; a strong, comfortable, artistic
y\-&>Jiff dfs ; gn; specially priced for a** qc: Xe&sZ^*'
ft T~I YJ Monday & 3.203 \fStc§^
!|//J // Rocker— GoMen Oak finish — saddle seat, hiijh \Ujij 1
jr~4^WjB back, very comfortable; spe- &**% M% II 1 !'' i
t^s^gB^a^-jj cia'ly priced for Monday _ &7Em%M%M iliiLj- —
g| Golden Oak Chiffonier— With five drawers; a 1^^^ HwP
sS~E== 31 splendid piece of cabinet work, strong and MtE^»ASij( < E[
/vCTI *****! durable — special for Monday m_ ,- ftS KsS=5?£iC7i
L- d v onV - &***& wnSPfl
Five-Piece Parlor Suit— Mahogany finish, upholstered with a good V5a. ~—S^— ->
quality of velour tape3try, in the handsome and artistic design — r^C^
shown in cut— special gt^nm 'ws.
Arygg^^g^Wk rfh^jV Mot day only §Xi.MO
El $*&§&$%£& r H&\ Golden Oak Center ____-,_-_
a4I^IE^aU^^L Table - An excel- B'g."'"'7 '.\
l)h^I^f^r^4[ \hvsL& l ent Bedroom Table |^V> -'^
( IM^&&&^>mzB ? s well » to p 24 Ji^
i III nOti?? I swr-Wff *V inches square, a | jjfl-. |3!^^^^3 ¦
fc- ""Ii»lL--~ handy shelf below; f/SfW^ X[ ;
" S&& special Monday only IT U
ftrrrfl N^^l «# Gil 1 1
III L /Tt-J nSfm.^V 1 H
l ML «-• X II' Solid Oak Writing |^ 2, *^~
Desk — highly polished, well made and finished— £gm &b
specially priced for Monday
Unma tchshlo df% "x—wmz* 4^ Qualities
Low Prices for *#««#^#C?«O Guaranteed.
Axminster Carpets— Good quality, handrome design* and colorings, suitable for th e
m^st elaborate parlors, borders to match — per yard O5c
Tapestry Carpet — Best quality, Sten?on make, an almost endless varisty of n«w fall
co'orings. with or without borders, worth $1.00 per yard; special M)il ay 80o
Tapestry Carpets— Extrn quality; new, handsome patterns; per yard ...45c
Ingrain Carpet — Best all-wo}l filling, 15 patterns to select from, worth 7Jc yard;
Monday SOo
Inlaid Linoleum -Good qnaiity, pattern will never wear off, excellent tile effects; spe-
cial Monday; p?r rqnare yard....- ". $1.25
Japanese Mattings -Oar own importations; evsry yard woven with straw grown in the
last crop; that is why the mattings are eo strong, p'iable and bright; specially
priced for this week, in rolls of 50 yards only— per yard 22\O
Morris Rugs— H;avy and durable, high art designs, a'l wool; mskes aver/ nice rug
for hardwood fl><>n:
S.Z9 9x7$ feet; regularly $7.50 each; on Monday _ SG.QO
Size 9x9 feet; regularly $9 00 each; on Mjnday $7.20
Size 12x9 feet; regularly $12 each; on Monday $9.60
Furniture and Carpets.
Famous Bazaar.
The Mecca of all tourists to San
r Francisco. Of all the
/& famed Orientnl Bazaars in
this City the big Chinese
and Japanese Department
in this stcre is easily the
finest. The Rare Ivories,
\ Curious I3ric-a-Brac,
Carved Ebonies, Embroidered
Siik3, Beautiful Cloisonne and
Curios from all parts of the
Orient, are well worth a visit
of inspection. Goods are mark-
ed in plain figures, at prices
surprisingly low to people who
have seen similar articles in
Chinatown at Chinatown
prices.
The New Lamps,
We have jast received tha winter
stock of Lamps and considering their
beauty, finish and many improvements,
are very low priced indeed.
for $2.75
Center draft, round
burner Lamp, as in
pictnre, po'ished brass foot, porcelain
decorated bow:, pink or green, with
10-inch dome shade, or, if preferred,
an 8-inch g'obe $3.25
Elaborate 3'J-in. Banquet Limp..$4-. OO
i4-inch Parlor or Dining Room Lamp,
very handsome, entire ! y new stvle
S6.OO
Gas Portable Drop Lamps —
A pretty design, with 6 feet b.'st hose
and gooseneck, Emporium guaranteed
mantle, burner, chimney <-»« J*t%
and shade, comp'ete for
Largt assortment of Lamps from 85c
to $15.00.
Mew Nickel-Plated
House Furnishings.
These handsome nickel p'a'ed gcods
tone op jour bathroom and sideboarda.
Tumbier holder and bracket 5Qo
Very pr?tty Mitch Safe 50o
Scan Dish with drainer BOc
tAb-vf, all made to screw on the will.
Diiniyand neat Syrup Pitchers 35c
Indiv.dual Tea and Ccffea Pots Wo
Individua' Tea and Coff ae Pots, copper.
nickel p ated.." 35c
Nicke'-p'aled oil stove Teakettle. ,.4-Og
Drink Mixer Wo
An entirely new assortment and a
very b-aatifn! collection it is has just
.yrvtd from New York. Satin, Si:k,
Ve'onr. Oriental Stripe, Sateens and
Gold Draperies, especially made for np-
rigit p ; ano? ard mantes, all with heavy
deep fringes to match.
Sateen Drapes— 25c, 75c, $1.25 and. .. .
- •¦¦ S2.OO
Ve'onr D rapes -?2.'X\ ?2.50 and
$3.50
V.-znt ful SaM'i D-ape« $5.50
F nesr Sjfin D.ma^k D-npp? "HSmUO
Curtain Department— ilain Floor.
Piano Ssarfs,
Mantel Drapes.
a£J^ price. They
are 12x13$ inches in size, dom-i top, 8
dry cathedra! son?, half hcnr and
hour ftrike, a $6.CO fu'iy guaranteed,
y. rAix only S3 m93
Mien's Ovcrshsrts.
Monday and during the week, five sjeci-
aUy bought lots of Men's Cassimere
• Overihirta, neat patterns in medium
and dark shades, stripes, plaids and
mixed (ffects, made with yoke and
pocket, the quality that usually se!l3
for 75c and SI. 00 each, jm 0%
for 43G
Monday Sale of
4x5 Pony P. emo reduced to $3 50
4x5 P; nv Pr*=mo. Fingle ens, now.>6»*?0
Emporium Developing Outfit - The
most complete on the market for the
money —
No. l" for $1 ; No. 2, $1.50 ; No. 3,
$2.
Standard Dry Plates — A clean, bril-
liant plate, at les« thin other brands —
SJxSJ doz 30c 4x"», dcz 55o
3ix4* doz 35C 5x7. doz QOo
41\4£. drz SOO 5x8. 6oz..$I.OO
Camera Dept— Secahd floor.
Iv reduced prices :
4xo Pjuv Premo reduced to StO'20
Mfgrs. Our
price. price.
4x5 ir. Premo Senior..?3 ) $25. 5O
4xi in. Premo A 25 21.25
4x5 in Poco G 14 11.9U
4t5 in. Poco B 20 17.00
4x5 in. Pcco A 25 21.25
5x7 in. Poco B 25 21.25
4x5 in. Ti'ePnoto A... 3) 25.50
4x5 Ti e Photo Cycle
Poco .- 30 25. SO
The
»*^- fol-
Pocos and Premos.
famtm* nnkes of Cameras at
15 per cent off the manufacturer's price.
Big Reduction in
We've bought
100 of these
beautiful
green oryx
finish eram-
e'td parlor
clucks at a lit-
t e more than
half manu-
facturer's
Monday Sale of
Parlor Ciosks*
Dress Goods.
We have surpassed oar best previous
efFor;s. Tne qualities, designs and
T>rici> have been most carefully watched.
Cotne ani pass judgment on the immense
slock, f new fabrics that require 14 X)
feet cf she'ving ard 3 -0 feet of counters
for 1 h« ir partia 1 disp'av.
50-inch Colored Camel's Hair Cheviot —
Al'-wool — in the n*w shade? of <;r<?v.
brown. b"u°, et< — yiH 7Bc
54-infti Colored Camel's Hair Cheviot -
Al-wno: — ppendil finish — in every
rew fa'l coo-n7- -ard $f.QO
47-ioch Colored Melton Clolh— Mnde of
the \e t Australian yarn and wirrant-
ed shrunk and sponged — no better
fabric made for ankle length sk : rt3
and wa'ki-ior ro t'-m?s. yzri.~$fmOO
r.2-inch Golf Skirting — -An excellent
weight in all of ih? popular fa'l color-
insiyar.i ...„ $1.75
¦U-in-h Back Mohair Pierofa - Priest-
ley's goeds, IS new, hanisoma designs,
2gra')es, both of them perfect black.
per yard. .. St.OO am $1.5Q
44-inch Black Si k Pierola -A new and
exqoi-ite fabr:c, f >r swell black
gowrs or separate pkirts; per yard
$2.OO
42-inch Black Sateen Prunella—
Priest'ey's make---crrb-nettc-J, will
r.ot spot or Bhrick. handsome satin
finish, per vard $1*50
First Aisle— Left of Entrance.
Fall and Winter
Often in manufacturing handkerchiefs
a thick thread pets woven in or a
thread is omitted, trivial imperfec-
tions, that scarcely effect the appear-
ance, acd do not affect the wear of
the artie'e. A Belfast manufacturer
Ind 175 dozen handkerchiefs like this
which we bought at half price. They
are a 1 linen hemstitched, wjrth reg-
ular'y 2oc and 35c each. Oa «yy
sale Alondav only MvC
Monday Sale of
Ladies' Hdkfs.
Knitting
Wools
and
Silks—
A comp'ete stock
at fair prices.
!\Jli**¥W A?ffyii Wt dft the
imvJJYA^Vn sole agents
tm^Kyfey/pJf arch" Gloves.
I J us * rece^ ve^
h iy Lclj new Pott and
Winter slyles
in the new colorings and black,
beautifully finished, perfect fitting,
fit! Iv guaranteed.
Black ami White Silks.
S1.OO to S1.5O Qualities—Monday— 68c
We have closed out from a prominent jobbing house about 1700
yards of black and white satin striped Silks; b'ack Pekin stripes,
and black and wbi'e lace stripes and plaids. All of them good staple silks, extra
heavy qualities, rich finish, will mike charming shirt waists, costumes and under-
skirrs; to these we have added a limited quantity of fancy Silks ia varv desirable
coloring for shirt waists; bought regularly the3e fabrics would re- d^*^fr_n_
tail at $1.00. SI. 25 and $1.50 per yard — our great special offer for flffigffft?
Monday only : ...
fiuitab'e for Ifof/- QM |JP^ £SkK%dM ffwili Send address for mam- Making
eibly well to watch *& wvH*o«p«B H^WIB^ W«^«JMB.l • "^ before edition h Patterns for every
for these items. CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST—AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE exhausted. kind now in vogue
Hosiery Novelties,
Ladies* I m • — — —
ported Lisle-
Extracted fig-
ures, flenr de
lis, bow knots,
checks, rin^s
and crescent?,
on black, navy,
tan, n~»:io:a!
blue 3ni joral
purple prounds.
SOc 0^^%^
Lace Effects— \^
Dozers of new
designs in Herm3dorf black, all the 119W
fall colorings and opera ~ «-»
?hide? SOC
High Grade Novelties-Silk embroid-
ered design*. Yerticies. vandvkes and
lace stripes. ...75c, $1 nnA'$fm25
Second Aisle— Left of Entrance.
Special Sale of
Bed Sheets.
Experienced housekeepers know that
the best quality of bed sheets is, in the
end, tin cheapest. They have to be
washed so often that a good, heavy,
round thread is required to withstand
tfce wear aad tear. Nine better than
the genuine " Utica " brand. We place
on aale to-morrow only several cases
of "Utica" Sheets (every Sh*et bears
the mill ticket) at less than is paid for
common kinds— these three widths only:
54x9} in. bleached Sheets, each 44o
72x90 in. bleached Sheets, each.....56o
81x93 in. bleached Sheets, each 62o
New Cushion Tops.
The Art Embroidery Department is
equipped for the holiday trade. Not a
day too early to begin making your holi-
day gifts.
Cashlon Top— Cross stitch fn great va-
riety, with the backs, also a large as-
sortment of conventional designs,
at 25c
Tinted Cnshlon Tops (all with backa to
match) — Hollyberries, mistletoe,
smoking room effects with various
mottoes, such as "Smoke on Earth aad
Not Hereafter," Tops for music rooms
tnd many others, at .....SOo
Monday Sale of
Storm Serges.
We have picked up another bargain in
all-wool stern Ferge, about 400 yards.
It is 46 inches wide, in all cf the new
fall colorings, ontur. biscuit, girnst,
brown, blue, etc., suitable for Btreet
snits and separate skirts, made to aell
for, and an excellent vaina at 75c a
yard, will be offered for ta- -* y-^
incrrcw on'y d m G
Baby Carriages.
50 different styles ranging in price
from J6.50 to $35' each. -—^^
Thi3 Carriage . rT^^^hy
has reed '•"*^k»;2Sl_^
body, hood JLs^^^P**
holstered in
steel' wheel, P</Vfl£§^^V^^
patent dost vl!>wf^\^A2^
proof hub* \A/ 1/
and foot-
bake, complete for «s*c rr f%
$O*O(I
vAll Carriages from $tt upxxrd bjzs
rubber tin, sttil reteels. lit chargi but
¦St. co txtra to put rubb*r tin rrbtels on
carriages without them.
Fall Novelties in
Boys' Clothing.
The new
line
awaits j££i X*b
yon, and X^T s^T
if we can r^) V^/
not suit x'^'^^s y^Kv.
the bjys' /t. /A/TtM
fancy as / \\ \ \flll \
to style, M 'A. T^JT^)
y jnrs as \t |j 7
to price, / H I
qo one / 'I
can. W« / .4 1
miacal- / vi] / I
culated / X_ _\
tha pop- T IP] L 'I T
oar «Ce I»W S?-S«t
Clothing :^^S S= »i-
Depart-
ment, didn't boy enongh stock, so our
buyer has gone East now (at a time when
he fhouid be in hw department) to bey
more winter clothing for men and boy.
Boys* Overcoats new styles. The
Paddock and The Raglan. They are
both male of fine gray Oxford cheviots,
long cut, with velvet collar ard narrow
cuff= $1Q and $12.50
Boys* Sailor Suits— From the best
makers in America, full cut bloase,
handsomely trimmed, red, blue, green,
tan and brown.. $4,50 to $12. SO
Vestee Suits — Vey pretty rtyle«, per-
fect fit, the fabrics are p a : n b ne and
fancy m ; x*d cheviots, vests either
single or double breasted of the 9am9
material cr fancy ti k, for a?es 3 to
10 years $3.95 to $10
Fancy Reefer Suits— For by? 2J to -8
year.?, large co.lar. fancy embroidered
shields with bet, somethng new.
materials b tie serge or red and tai
chev:ot>> f-6 *r.d &7.5O
Second Aisle— Right of Entrance.
Basswood Trunk
an Extra Value.
_ '¦' ¦-:-¦ This Bass-
1 "^."¦S'&SJWJ "^S b-own water
~*" ""¦•" ?» -J -*"*§£ i T 3 8t edges.
: \JL f ! mS& top and bnt-
' tom
"— a & «l-T^g^^ with heavy
malleab'e iron binding, heavy steel cor-
ner clamp, extra heavy straps patent
brass excelsior lock, iron lot torn, steel
rollers. 2 hardwood slats all around
truck with malleab'e iron clampa, heavy
riveted hinge?, set up tray with two
divisions, with split tray, fall cloth
lined —
3D in. 32 in. 84 in.
$11.23 312.OO S12.7S
36 in. SS in.
913.60 $14.25
Extra Value in
Men's Furnishings.
$1.0 O for slen ' s Wo0 ' Lnder *
wear - No dye ii them, bat
jast the natural gray color of the
wool; proper Weight and texture for
fall W3ar; shirts have self fronts and
ribbed t*il»j a sn'erd d vatae.
€f K/1 for Men's all wool Sweat-
ers—Heavy derby ribbed
weave, with a good firm collar that
fits high and close to the neck; a very
desirab e garment fcr athletes or for
m»n who w?rk rut d^org.
5OC ' or ei ' s ew Neckwear —
New arr.vah from New York;
the correct shape for Fall ani winter,
inc udinsr the Derby. Fcnr-in-hand?,
NoveUy 8ai'.or Ksoia and Imperial
Scirfs.
25C ' or Mens fanc y Hosiery —
Fancy iraported sox just as are
now being *hown by fir*t-c'a->s dea'en
in New York; fine quality of Maca
cotton: f 15 1 co or* in plain and chang-
ab e effect) acd in two, three or four
o'orsd stripes.
Monday Sale of
PhotographFrames
We have secured an assorted lot of heavy
p'ate g!a»3 photograph frames, with
ga'd lined beveled edge. They have a
solid wood easel bsck, and are in
single cabinet, double cabinet and
Paris panel sizes. The regular prices
are 5Cc. 75c ard $1.00, choice
of acysizi on Mond iv tCiSG
Rend this List of
Groceries * Liquors
Emporium Fiour— Makes the best
of bread, quality i^
absolutely guar- J i
anteed, Monday, : Lf^O^Su i
501b. On-^LLi^"
eack....«»«#C v f §V
Lard— Pare iext Larf", 1 -¦ i^-^-^* f * \\
in 3, 5 or 10 lb. \ •FlOUft//<.\)
pail?, Monday, lb. >1 Mp^
Wo **- J
Tomato Catsup — The excellent Golden
Rue Brand, M <nday large pint bottle
13o
Moir's Pickles — Chowchow and oniony
tall English pint, regularly 30c, while
suDplv la»K Vottle 23o
Pyramid Washing Powder— Cadahy'g,
Mon1=iv. 12 packages 25c
Stove Polish- Rising Snn, Monday. 6
packages 25c, single package... Go
Victory Mush— Best Breakfast cereal on
the maiket, Monday, 4 1arg> packa703
25o
Harper's Whiskey— Pure Rye or
Bourbon, 8 years old, the
whiskey that won the highest
award at the Paris Exposition
of 19U0, Monday, -*£¦>»
per bottle M&C
Zinfandel Claret— Our popular 5Cc per
gal'rn qu-»li y. Monday 33o
Lei big's Beef, Iron and Wine -The gen-
uine, Moiriay. per rottie 33o
Burning Alcohol— Monday, full cpart
bo th 35C
Main Floor— Rear.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
'i'H V, EMPORIUM.
EMPORIUM.
THIS EMPORrCiML
Black Brocaded
Dress Satcens-18c
Ha f price for the genuine imported
Black Brocaded Washable Dre*3
Sateens, just open, direct from tha
loom?, our usual 35c a yard quality,
but they arrived a little late, so
placed on special sale to-mor- mg%
row to c'ose. par vard .%SC
Monday Sale of
Belzaire's Perfumes
500 of Belz*ire'8 combination boxa« per-
fume and sachet powder, pretty pack-
ages containing 2 bottles of imported
extract and one package of sachet
powder, all popular odors, regu'arly
35c, on sale Monday on y m r%
25c ' or ove ' ty n 9 S' P Purse
— made of ooze calf in many
pretty shades.
60C * or Rta ' n Syringe— 2 quart
size, with 6 feet of tubing and
three pipes.
5q for Colgate's Vloris Toilet Soap
— Niw size; one of the m st pop-
nla' - soaps ma le.
f0Q for Box of Stationery — 24
sheets good cre-im-co ored pa-
per and 24 nice shaoe envelopes.
35C for Reliab!e Nicke> Watch —
Open face; man's siza; guaran-
teed for one vear.
25c * or Latest style Tie Clasp for
ladies, E;ru3can gold finish,
ornamented with enameled flaur de lis
and wreaths of forgst-me-nots.
25C * or P^irs Men's Hose - Tan
cr biack: fast color; fine cot-
ton; extra Bolic^d h?e's and to^s.
QQq ' or Men's Overalls— Brown
dnck or blue denim; heavy
9-oz quality; full riveted; made especi-
a'lv for the hi? store.'
JQ*+ for Ladies' Side Hose Support-
ers — "Velvet grip" fasteners, a
good quality of elastic, in black only.
5c * or ozen P ear l Buttons— Pure
white pearl buttons; perfect in
make and cojor; 16, 18, 20, 22 and 24
lines.
Extra Good! Values.
5O ' or l° osc lozk Pins— Several
pretty d?sign9 in amber and shell
effect?; former price 10c.
3 SO * or est Mercerized Linings;
full 3-5 inches wide; an assort-
ment of £0 colors,
£J 'q for Amoskeag Staple Ginghams
¦* —The be^l; lull ranga of pat-
terns.
Q l q for Irish Linen Checked Tovve'-
3 ing — Fast sevedges checks in
blu? and red.
7 I C ' or T enn ' s Flannels — Splendid
2 quality; neat, light colorings;
suitable for und3rwear, pajinns, etc.
JQq for Bleached Pillow Casing —
An exce.lent quality without
dressing; full 45 inches wide.
£%% m %Q for Extra Large Bed Com-
forters; fi led with clean
white cotton; covered with pretty srko-
linec; c!r se!y tuftei.
€2*% OR for White Wool Blanket—
A fine anicie; California
mik°; neat pir.k or b'ue boner.
SOc ' or ' ncan descent Gas Lights —
Compie.e with burner, chim-
n y. mantle-and «haJe.
25c ' or l- ar 9 c te Enameled
Mug — Holds a quart; u?ed for
heating water on coal oil, gas or alcohol
stova or for a dipper.
A pretty Lamp, 17
t inches high, with
opal decorated bowl
and globe, tinted
and flowered, pol-
ished brass base,
for S2.OO
26-inch Bacquet Limp,
p o ished brass base,
opal decorated pil-
lar, with flower dec-
oration and tinted,
for $2.75
Center draft, round
/MSI 1 )!The gallant officers who transformed the transport
Solace into a smuggler ought to be amply qualified
to make some original observations on the utility
of the revenue laws.
The vision of patronage plums upon which the
Democrats are gazing longingly will be turned in
November by the magic, of American votes into a
picture of sour grapes.
The Fresno boy parricide has been acquitted on the
ground that he did not understand the enormity of
his crime. It is sincerely to be hoped that he will not
be allowed to acquire increased knowledge by new
experience in his' life-taking desires.
It is unfortunate that the Philippine Commission
-did not delay its glowing report of conditions on the
islands for a few days at least. In the light of the re
cent battle, in which 33 per cent of the Americans
were lost, the report 13 not unlike the promise of a
juggler of what might have been if things had been
different.
"Why is it," demanded the Sultan, fret
fully, "that you always blame my poor
Kurds for everything?"
The Embassadors of the powers retired
and prepared a joint note.
"Your Majesty's wheys are past finding:
out!" they protested, in this, humorously
albeit something- apocryphally. >
An occasional bon mot like the foregoing
serves greatly to relieve the tedium of
diplomatic negotiations.— Detroit Journal.
BON MOT.
Minister Conger — Well, general, now
that it's all over and we're safe I'm
rather glad it happened. Hereafter I
will be one of the most famous Ameri
cans. • . ,
• General Chaffee — Yes. I -wouldn't be at
all surprised if on going back home you
found the Edwin H. Conger 5-cent cigar
advertised, quite extensively.— Chicago
Times-Herald. ¦ :;-¦ V; .
FAME,
Sallle de "Wltte— That's Mn. Allle Mon
eigh. She has been married and divorced
five times.
Noel Little— How remarkable for one so
young in appearance. Her matrimonial
reigns must have been very short.
Sallie de Witte — Mere showers.—Brook
lyn Life.
METEOROLOGICAL.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
"The Sausalito Advocate is published as
the official organ of the Municipal Im
provement Club, to put plainly before the
people the utter sordlaness of the govern
ment of our town, to endeavor to quicken
the public conscience and to secure the
sympathy and support of tha county and
the State for the effort to rid Sausalito of
the poolroom gamblers."
That "the pen is mlphtier than the
sword" or the police has led the Municipal
Improvement Club of th» pretty town, of
Sausalito across the bay to establish a
bi-weekly newspaper, the- first issue of
which appeared September 22. B. D. Spar
row is the editor of this latest venture in
Journalism. The "Advocate is a neatly
printed four-page paper. The purpose of
its publication is set forth In the following
salutatory:
AN ANTI-POOLRCOM
PAPER FOR SAUSALITO
NEW YORK, Sept. 22. — Abe Marshall of
San Francisco i3 at the Savoy; L.. D.
Truesdale of San Francisco is at the
Netherlands.
CALITORNTANS IN NEW YORK.
guest at the Palace.
V. S. Kellogg, a professor at Stanford
University, arrived in the city last even-
Ing to spend Sunday with friends at the
California; "'--'v:
The fight is not one-sided by any means. The Lib
erals mock at the opposition to the preferential tariff
and quote Conservative statesmen in favor of that
policy in times past. They also charge Sir Charles
Tupper, the Conservative leader, with putting up more
jobs than Laurier has ever been accused of. It is said
that there are thirty-three of the Tupper family draw
ing salaries from the public treasury, while Laurier
has not a single relative in office. One earnest Lib
eral goes so far in the way of campaign argument a3
to say: "In 1896 there were eleven convicts in King
ston penitentiary, ten of whom were Conservatives.
The eleventh", the Liberal, escaped. He said he
didn't mind being in jail so much, but he objected to
the company."
From the reports that come to us it appears there
is to be no paramount issue in the campaign.
Laurier's administration is to be assailed all along
the line. The Conservative leaders are already on. the
stump and are greeted with a good deal of enthusiasm
The charges are not made in a vague way. Tims
the Montreal Gazette recently said: "Sir Wilfrid
Laurier, in 1896, promised Canada a business Govern
ment. He gave a Government that paid $3,000,000
mere for the construction of the Crow's Nest railway
than the company had offered to do the work for; a
Government that conceived the Yukon railway deal,
that brought about the imposition of discriminating
duties on Canadian grain in Germany, that burked
the fast Atlantic mail service arrangement and gave
the country the present ten-day voyage service, that
drew out the 'business is business' letter as a'code of
political morals, and inflicted on the country *he
shame of the emergency rations scandal. It is time
to turn the humbugs down."
All kinds of charges are made against the Ministry.
It is said that by his preferential tariff in favor of Brit
ish goods Laurier has sacrificed the interests of Can
ada; that he promised to reduce taxes, but instead
has added to the taxes, to the expenditures and to
the public debt; that his .Government has been marked
by many corrupt deals and jobs; and, finally, "that his
supporters are trying to arouse race prejudices in
Quebec by asserting that the Conservative opposition
to him is due solely to the fact that he is of French
descent
CANADA is making ready for a general election,
and it promises to be a hot one. There is no
complaint of apathy on either side. Sir Wilfrid
Laurier is to ask of the voters an approval of his ad
ministration and a new lease of power ; but if the
Conservatives , are to be trusted the request will be
treated as a bit of impudence deserving of a rebuke
at the polls that will be memorable forever.
HOT TIMES IN CANADA.
Under the terms of the new lease, which has been
approved by the city officials, the State is to take the
outside portion of the company's seawall for a dis
tance of 100 feet after it has completed its own sea
wall from Mission street to China Basin, a distance of
6000 feet. The net result will be that the Valley road,
by getting one-half of the seawall, gets five acres more
than by the old lease. As an offset the State will not
have to build 2300 feet south of the basin, at a cost of
$250,000.
It can hardly be doubted that the public will ap
prove the action of the city officials in the matter.
The interests of the city and the State appear to be
carefully guarded at every point. It is of course
recognized that an early settlement of the issue will
be of great advantage to all concerned. China Basin
is now unprofitable property. The improvement of
it in the manner purposed by the Santa Fe road
would in itself be no small compensation for the privi
leges the road asks for. With the revival of trade
sure to follow the settlement of the disturbances in
China and the extension of commercial privileges in
that empire there will be urgent need in California
and in San Francisco of a terminal in this city for
the competing transcontinental road, and accordingly
whatever will hasten the completion of the China 1
Basin improvements on fair firms should be sup
ported by the State as well as the city officials.^
' ZZJ VERY interest of the city and the State will be
advanced by an early settlement of all points
* in dispute concerning the proposed lease of
China Basin to the Santa Fe Pailroad. For years
past the commercial and industrial advancement of
California has been retarded by the lack of better
transportation facilities across the continent, and more
dock room in San Francisco. The lease of China
Basin to a transcontinental railway company for the
establishment of a terminal in this city, under the
terms proposed, will supply both those needs. It will
furnish a competitive transpertation route and bring
about an extension of the seawall, which will mate
rially increase the advantages of the' port.
CHIN0 BASIN LEASE.
P. A. Hodson of Sydney, N. S. W.,
purser on the Moana, is registered at the
Occidental.
Horace F. Brown, a New York mer
cliant, accompanied by hls_wife,_ls_a.
T. J. Field, banker at Monterey, is in
the city for a few days and is staying
at the Palace.
Dr. Frizell and wife of Bakersfleld are
at the Palace.
George "W. Gray, a Chicago merchant,
Is at the Palace
J. P. Montaneau and M. O. Saraon, Bos
ton merchants, are stopping at the Palace.
F. Golden, mining man and Jeweler at
Nevada, Is registered at the Lick.
PERSONAL MENTION.
From Petaluma and from San Rafael came reports
of fires starting in the neighborhood of Novato and
spYeading rapidly with the wind. According to one
report: "It is said fifteen square miles of country has
already been desolated by the fire. Thousands of
dollars probably will be lost in timber alone, as the
Novato Land Company's ranch is covered by a thick
growth of oak trees." Reports from Benicia told of
several fires in the pastures to the north and the west
of that town, and added: "Dense volumes of smoke
from the fire are still plainly visible in the direction of
Woodland dispatches announced: "During the
high wind yesterday a fire swept over a <arge area be
tween Dunnigan and Blacks." Santa Cruz reports
*2.id: "A brush and forest fire has raged yesterday
and to-day near Ben Lomond. The damage done was
the burning of a barn and its contents, acres of pas
turag-, much cordwood belonging to woodchoppers
and miles of fencing." Sacramento sent the news:
"Early this morning a fire started on the Olson
ranch, about twelve miles east of the city, and at last
accounts it was sweeping over the stubble fields be
fore a stiff northwest wind." A San Bernardino dis
patch said: "A destructive fire is raging on the for
est reservation north of this city. Thousands of
acres have been burned over, Teaching from Hous
tor.s Flat to Strawberry Peak, a distance of over live
rr.iles. The flames are now being fanned by a high
north wind."
That is the record of one day. It will be noted that
in many instanci»*he reports announce that the fires
were still raging at the time the dispatches were sent
No estimate can be made of the total amount of the
damage, but it will surely amount in the aggregate
to a very large sum. Certainly the fires have im
posed a heavy tax upon the communities over which
they swept, and it is therefore pertinent to inquire
whether it would not be better to bear a slight tax
to prevent fires than to pay so dearly for tolerating
conditions which produce them and permit their
\ » c ere about to elect a Legislature, which will as
fc:rible this year. Why not require of every candi
date for a legislative office a pledge that he will ad
vocate, support and urge the enactment at the com
:::;? session of some well devised measure for pro
tecting our forests and our fields from the annual
ravage of the fires of the dry season?
BURKING WOODS AND FIELDS.
rAS i and furious cosne the lessons by which the
people of California are being instructed upon
the need of establishing some comprehensive
system of icrest protection. The dry, warm winds
that have swept over the State during the last few
days have made the grass of the pastures and the un
derbrush of the woods almost as inflammable as so
much tinder, and as a result the number of fires in
various parts of the State and the extent of the dam
age constitute a salient feature of the nev»-s of the day.
The reports published in The Call yesterday show
mere or less extensive fires in nearly all parts of the
Stale. From Oakland came accounts of fires sweep
ing from Contra Costa County toward Berkeley,
closing with the statement: "In sight of Berkeley
over 2000 acres of land was burned over. It is esti
mated the fire swepf over at least 20,000 acres before
reaching the Berkeley side of the Contra Costa hills."
Stockton dispatches, describing a fire near Clements,
6-id: "The whole country around Clements looks
desolate and black. All the pasture and much grain
and hay have been burned. The loss probably will
reach well into the thousands. The path of the flames
was on an average four miles broad."
The board of governors selected is a most excellent
one. None can doubt the success of an en
terprise in the hands of such men as have accepted
charge of the museum. The first point of importance
is to find a man to take executive management of the
enterprise who will be equal to the task and the re
sponsibilities of the office. If the right man be found,
the Pacific Commercial Museum will soon have a
repute not inferior to that of the great institution at
Philadelphia.
The museum in this city has before it a field of work
peculiar to itself, and yet one of so broad a nature
that it comprehends the whole commercial activity of
the Pacific Ocean, including in that activity all the
exchanges that are to go on between this continent
and the new civilizations of Australa'sia and the old
civilizations of the Orient. What the museum will
be able to do for particular lines of trade is as yet
merely a matter of speculation, but as soon as the
work begins the results to each class of business men
will make themselves known. Every person engaged
in the trade of the Pacific will then sec what the
museum can do for him and will give it support ac
cordingly.
The history of the Commercial Museum in Phila
delphia is full of encouragement for the promoters of
the enterprise here. When that institution was be
gun not even its most sanguine supporters had any
conception of the rapidity with which its field of labor
would expand and its usefulness to the commercial
world increase. It was originally designed as some
thing of a local enterprise. It ha3 become even more
than a national enterprise. It is of use to merchants
of all lands, and its influence is felt to a greater or
less extent in every commercial center of the globe.
BY the election of a board of governors at the
meeting on Friday the Pacific Comrnercial
Museum becomes a fully organized association
and is— now prepared to begin its work. It starts
under good auspices. It has already an assured mem
bership sufficient to establish it, and the. revenues
will be ample to maintain it on a scale large enough
to demonstrate its usefulness to the community. That
is all required at this time, for as soon as its utility
value has been proven by actual service it will have
no need to advertise for members nor beg for money.
THE COMMERCIAL MUSEUM.
SUNDAY SEPTEMBER 23, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address Ail Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
MAS-UJEIl'S OFTICE........TMephon* Preaii 2O4
fflBLlCATlOX OFFICE.. Market nntl Third, 9. F.
Telephone Frees 201.
tDITOllUt BOOMS.... 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone- 1'mm 202.
Delivered %r Carrier*. 15 Omt« Per Week.
Stnrl«* Copies. S Cents.
Terras b* Mall. Including Postarret
FATTY CALX. «nc!u(!InB Panday), cn« year ..ft.M
IXATLY CALh ileeiudics Punday). 6 months 8.M
DAJLY CALL <lnc:urtlnjf Bund&y). < month*..... 1-69
SATINY CA.X.L—X3* bir S l» Moctto. &O
KTTNOAT CALL, One Tear LM
WEEKLY CAXJi One Year LOO
Ail po»(£juuslrr« nr« authorized to receive
¦nbserlptlons. ' , ;
Rn.^ r t. ocplca will fce forwarded woes rcqaeatad.
UAiv;^\_i OFFICE 1118 Broadwar
GEORGE C KROGNESS,
L'trtr«r Foreign Adv»rtisii*2, Marquette Building, Chicago.
CLccs Elatanoe Teleshoiw "Central 251J.">
Jtlall rsbver'. bers In orcwlnir chance of addrets should be
partlc-^ar to r1v» both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
lalsnra a yrcmrt ead correct compliance, with their request. !
NTCW TCRK CORKESPOXDENT: -
C C. CARLTCN Heraid Square
.i
KEtT YORK RKPRESENTATraS:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribuno Building
KETST YORK NEWS STANDS:
'Waldorf- Art oria Hotel; A. Brentano, U Cnloa Sanare:
Uxrrar i3Xl licit-
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
EbeimaB House; V. O. News Co.; Great Norther* Hotel;
iTezr.zr.i Hcuce; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON (0. C.\ OFFICE 14C6 G St.. N, W.
MORTON £. CRANE, Correspondent.
WUSCK OFFICES— 627 Mcntromerr, corner of Clay, open
cttil S;S» o'clock. m Hayee, open until 1:30 o'clock. C33
ilcA!M«ter. cp«i until 1:39 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
t:Sa o'clock. Jtn liiMlcn. cr*n until 10 o'clock. 2*61 Market.
ecrr.w Sixteenth, cjxn until » o'clock. 1056 Valencia, open
catu » o'clock. ics Eleventh, epea until 9 o'clock. KW cor
8w Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until S o'clock.
course!
Black fly the scenes and enter foot and horse.;
Pageants on pageants in long order drawn
Peers, Heralds, Bishops, Ermine, Gold and
Lawn;
The Champion, too! and, to complete the Jest,
Our Harry's armor gleams on Richard's breast.
With lauchter, sure, Democrltus had died
Had he beheld an audience gape 30 wido.
Loud as the wolves on Orca's stormy steep
Howl to the roaring of the Northern deep.
Such Is the ahout, the long applauding note.
At Dick's high pluma and Gloster's tinsel coat.
Or, when from pawn, a padded suit bestowed.
Sinks the last actor In the tawdry loac.
Dick enters — hark! the universal peal!
"But has he spoken ?"— Not a syllable.
What shook the stage and made the people
stare? ~'~/'y *
His piebald charger and his red. plush chair.
In "Cinna" tha theme — the clemency of
Augustus — Is as noble as the theme in
"Henry V"— the shambles— ambition of the
King— is ignoble, while in the strong
scenes of "Le Bourgeois Gentilhomme,"
to use Fielding's phrase, the comic char
acters are shown (not as in "Henry V")
by low Jests, but by actions of their own.
• • • The more one contemplates the
mass of werld-drama that Mr. Mansfield
has to draw from the more is one amazed
at his investing a fortune in such a play
as "Henry V." Mr. Pope must really have
had vision apocalyptic of this production
when he wrote these (slightly amended)
lines:
The play stands still: hang- action and dis-
Such detestable passages as that quoted
above— and they occur too often in the
Elizabethan drama— make one almost
sympathize with Voltaire when he called
Shakespeare an Intoxicated barbarian and
make one smile when the English wax
eloquent over the alleged "immorality"
of the French stage. There is nothing
in Cornellle and Moliere combined— the
only way of saying Shakespearean French
—as bad in subject and in treatment as
is "Henry V." If Mr. Mansfield wants
to do something at once unusual, classic
and educative— and' he is credited with
having high ideals— why not try, in trans
lation, a masterpiece — say "Cinna." or "Le
Bourgeois Gentilhomme" — by one of these
great writers? It would not cost one
tenth of $30,000; it could get along with
little armor, less paint and no tinsel; It
would, moreover, have the charm of ab-
BOlute novelty for his audiences.
Will Mr. Mansfield feel proud of himsell
as he spouts or causes to be spouted these
and yards of similar lines that .Shake
speare has put Into "Henry V"? Does he
think that" $30,000 spent on tinsel, armor
and paint can reconcile us to this kind of
clotted nonsense? Or has the success of
"Ben Hur" convinced him that if only you
make the theater exactly like a clrcu3
you are bound to coin money and that
the end, object and aim of the drama is to
coin money?
tsrs; ;*¦*':•:
Tour fathers, taken by th« silver beards.
And their moat reverend heads dashed to th»
walls;
Your naked Infants spitted upon pikes;
Whiles the mad mothers with their howls eon
f us»d . —-^
Do break tha clouds, as did the wives of Jewry
At Herod's bloody-hunting slaughtermen!
(Henry V, Act III, Scene 3.)
THEATRICAL I A
$9
—
MORE than one of the September j
magazines have articles on the
Ober-Ammergau passion play:
by far the best is that of H. D.
Rawnsley in the Atlantic. Three things
impressed him as, especially noteworthy in
this year's performance: first, the ar
rangement of the tableaux, wherein some
times as many as six hundred persons
(one-third of them children) were on the
stage, yet the effect was that of absolute
rest; second, the art displayed in the
management of stage crowds; third, the
naturalness and dignity characterizing
the action of the principal performers
explainable by their entire absorption in
their work, and by their actually living,
for the time, the personages they repre
sented.
lutely unjustifiable and was In itself a
direct violation of those principles of
self-government which Englishmen had
prided themselves on ever since the days
of the great charter. For the "hero" of
this war the poet strains every nerve to
enlist the sympathy of his audience; with
rude Elizabethans, to whom cock fighting
and bear baiting still afforded exquisite
pleasure, ho may have succeeded; but I
cannot imagine a modern audience — can
you?— feeling anything but disgust for the
"hero" who thus summoned to surrender
iha citizens of Harfleur.
If not. why in a moment look to see
The blind and bloody soldier with foul hand
Defile the locks of your shrill shrieking daugh-
Richard Mansfield is going to spend
$30,000 in producing "Henry V," another
tribute paid to medievalism that one
would think hardly possible on the eve of
the twentieth century. "Henry- V" Is a
play which Shakespeare, as Mr. Shaw has
well said, ought to have been ashamed of
himself for writing— a glorification of tha
braggadocio spirit of. one of the worst
Kings that ever sat on tha English
throne, an appeal to the worst passions
of the Ignorant and vindictive mob. The
horrible war that Henry V declared and
pitilessly waged against France was abso-
In the September Critic Mr. Rostand ha«»
a long poem on "The Day of a Pre
cieuse." He describes her awakening, her
toilet, her receiving of friends (La Ruelle)
and their inane rondeaux, her visit
ing, driving, dining and going to sleep— all
In the most precious style of preciosity.
Strango that this silliest of literary fads
should interest anybody to-day in the
land of that Moliere who made preciosity
forever ridiculous! This poem Is another
indication of the backward-looking cast
of M. Rostand's mind; nothing modern in
terests him and therefore as a modern he
cannot live. He is now at work on a
new play for Sarah Bernhardt; subject
most novel and striking— "Persecution of
the Christians by Nero." Apropos of this
the Critic's Lounger pertinently asks. Are
M. Rostand and Mme. Bernhardt the only
persons who have never heard of Quo
Vadis?
Sir Arthur Sullivan's latest opera. "The
Rose of Persia," was a failure in New
York— not because of lack of, merit in the
work, but because it was presented by a
second rate Knglish company at first rate
prices. The two dollars a seat extortion
has never succeeded in establishing itself
in the West and it is to be hoped it never
will.
Augustus Thomas' "Arizona" has been
at last produced in New York and has
scored a success. That is good news for
the American playwright; it may not be
long before even the syndicate discovers
that there ,is a growing taste for Ameri
can plays and that it will pay to cater to
this taste.
Yet the passion play la doomed; it Is
very doubtful if there will ever be another
satisfactory performance. The reason for
this is evident and cannot be given better
than in Mr. Rawnsley's words: "The al
most insolent familiarities that one saw
taken by thoughtless foreigners with the
village folk, the flatteries and adulations
lavished upon the actors by excited and
admiring crowds, are likely to destroy the
self-respect and simplicity of the people
and to poison the atmosphere in which
alone can grow the life and character
which render the passion play possible."
Already we r.re threatened with a New
York reproduction of the passion play,
wherein professional actors are to be em
ployed for. the principals and unwashed
supers for the chorus. Anything more hor
rible than this it would be difficult to
imagine.
In view of all this the anti-expansionists of the
North who support Bryan are gold brick buyers.
They are the victims of a political bunko game.
He would rather fill his paper with an inquiry
whether an ostrich can better digest a sodawater bottle
empty or filled with Bourbon whisky and corked tight
than reproduce Colonel Bryan's tiresome tatters of
quotations from Lincoln, and his tremors over im
perialism. The Southerners know what they want.
Fitzhugh Lee visited the reunion of Mosby's men in
Virginia the other day and in his speech opposed
yielding an inch in the Philippines or anywhere else.
In the South an acorn off Robert E. Lee's old mili
tary hat goes further than all Colonel Bryan's rhetoric
AH this is perfectly understood in the South.
Kenry Watterson is for holding the Philippines, and,
omitting to discuss the paramount issue in the.
Courier-Journal, is sweating over the problem
whether President Cleveland was in favor of tariff re
form!
Tlie South will permit Bryan to give up the Philip
pines when the extinct dodo is refleshed and feathered
and lays eggs no bigger than a bean in a humming
bird's nest, and when the ornithorhynchus, hard up
for amusement, separates into his component parts of
fish, fowl and beast and fights both his ends against
the middle for a share of the gate money.
Does Mr. Schurz think that Mr. Hearst will spend
as much big type and fetid breath hauling down the
banner as he has in screeching "Nail the flag to the
Philippines?"
Do Mr. Garrison, Governor Boutwell, Senator
Henderson and the Springfield Republican imagine*
that Bryan will send Morgan to impiously pull down
the divinely planted flag?
It is said that "in vain is the snare spread in the
sight of the bird." Does it apply to man and to poli
tics? Colonel Bryan is setting the snare in the sight
of the Northern anti-expansionist to catch his vote
for the benefit of the Southern expansionist. Will it
work? Will William Lloyd Garrison pull Senator
Morgan's chestnuts out of the fire? Morgan said in
San Francisco in 189S, "Our flag is in the Philippines
to stay. God planted it there."
Already every influential Democratic paper in that
section has poohpoohed Colonel Bryan's "paramount
issue" out of the campaign. Seven out of ten of the
Southern dailies are openly for holding the Philip
pines, and, with frankness 'for which they deserve
credit, say that if Colonel Bryan is elected they will
see that he does not make a fool of himself on that
subject.
That is the sentiment of the South to-day, and it is
not diluted by any fine spun theories about consent
of the governed, lifting up the lowly or civilizing the
savage. They have an eye to the profit of it to them
selves. They want to sell cotton and other things
which they produce in excess of their own needs.
Spain was influenced against the sale by some of the
Cabinets of Continental Europe, whereupon James
Buchanan, Minister to England, John Y. Mason,
Minister to France, and Slidell, Minister to Spain,
met at Ostend and did a most extraordinary thing.
They issued what is known as the Ostend manifesto,
in which they assumed to declare the foreign policy
of this Government. They declared that whenever
any territory, anywhere, was necessary to the protec
tion or profit of the United States, we had the right
to take such territory, regardless of the protest of the
sovereignty to which it belonged or the wish of the
people who inhabited it!
The South and the Democracy always wanted Cuba.
During Pierce's administration an effort was made
to buy the island of- Spurn, without consulting the
people or the consent of the governed.
\^e repeat, the South is the only section of -this
country that is nearly unanimous for holding the Phil
ippines. It goes further. It wants Cuba and is not
patient with the steps taken by the President to let
that island go.
COLONEL BRYAN considers 120 votes from
the South so safe for him that he pays little at
tention to Dixie and penetrates it no farther
than the cold edges of Maryland and West Virginia.
The South, the cotton States, that South which rules
that section, is for expansion, for holding the Philip
pines and looking around for something else to grab.
THE SOUTH fJND EXPANSION.
CHICAGO TIMES-HERALD— There is
no problem before the American people
that approaches in its importance and dif
ficulties that which compels the intelligent
and patriotic white citizen of the South to
refrain from voting because he will r.ot
stultify his intelligence by supporting
Bryanism. and yet feels that his duty to
his State and his race precludes opposition
to the party which in many Southern
States is the only bulwark against n«gro
domination.
ST. LOUIS GLOBE-DEMOCRAT— Four
years ago Mr. Schurz said that if the
country elected Bryan It would "rot to
death in the loathsome stew of Its own
corruption." But Schurz will vote for
Bryan this time under the supposition
that the free silver champion is to be
heavily chained by Republicans during
the coming short session of Congress.
BALTIMORE AMERICAN— One natu
rally shrinks in horror as he sees Galves
ton's death list growing even larger, and
stands appalled at the enormous property
loss. But the calamity has proven that
American manhood is not cold, not void
of the tenderer sentiments. From every
hamlet, town and city in the land flows
the succoring stream of currency and
supplies, until it reaches Galveston by the
millions.
CHICAGO RECORD— The maintenance
of armies on Chinese soil is a menace not
to China, but to the peace of Europe and
America. The United States could not
take any step that would more redound to
its honor and foresight than that of asking
the other powers to send representatives
to an International congress. And if
"peace with honor" is ever to come out of
this unfortunate situation auch a confer
ence probably will be the means by which
that result will be attained.
NEW YORK TRIBUNE— It is easy for
the Democrats to talk about trusts and
coal barons, but until they can point out
specifically what the Republican party
could do, what they would do. If in power,
to give the miners higher wageg anil
cheaper powder, and remove their oth-r
particular grievances. It is the basest
demagogy for them to try to inflame a
class of people with prejudice and delude
them with false notions of how to cure
their- troubles.
NEW YORK SUN — Galveston will prove
again, as Chicago and Charleston have
done, that though man cannot avert inch
terrible calamities, yet the pluck a:v!
moral fiber that are his will help him to
rise superior even to these afflictions.
PITTSBURG DISPATCH— In the half
developed civilization of three centuries
ago it was considered civilized warfare to
sack a town that had offered resistance.
But even then it was recognized as bar
barity to loot End burn an Undefended
city. Is it not a bitter commentary that
the joint invasion of civilization int->
China should violate the rule of civilized
war at the closs of feudalism?
BOSTON TRANSCRIPT— The prayer ci
those Gold Democrats who are now join
ing the party of Bryan should be that of
the Greek sase: "Teach me not to re
member, but to forget."
NEW YORK TRIBUNE— Here w» are
all agog over this miserable silver busi
ness, a thing: that ous?ht to be as dead
here as royat prerogative in England,
much deader than Bourbonlsm in France,
and as far beyond resurrection as the
Holy Roman empire. And by the same
occasion a large part of our people clamor
for a policy of scuttling out of obilsa
tions of honor and duty and the spurnin?
of all national aspirations born since ITsTj.
ST. LOUIS POST-DISPATCH— Already
Galveston look forward, r.ot backward; on
the ruins of the old. the people of the sea
island contemplate a new Galveston
greater, fairer and more prosperous.
OMAHA BEE— The First Nebraska boys
who'fought for the flag In the Philippines
will vote to maintain it3 authority next
November.
Views of the Press
on Topics of the
Times.
UP-TO-DATE
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
That is a formidable list, and it will be seen the
ground to be fought over is a broad one. It is too
early to undertake to forecast the result. The doubt
ful element in the contest is the vote in Quebec. Or
dinarily the French of that province would support
their fellow citizen and the representative of their race,
Laurier, but his action in sending Canadian troops to
help the British in South Africa is said to have alien
ated many voters of French descent, and it is believed
his party will suffer in consequence.
at their meetings. Summing up the demands of the
Conservatives , the Toronto Mail and Empire says:
"Our western territories must be wrested from the
grip of the Siftonian speculator, and a population
that will assimilate must be thrown in. Markets must
be found for our produce which under proper .condi
tions will increase vastly in quantity. The preference
which the British people will give must be secured.
From the money-making coteries which infest Ottawa
the country must be relieved. The deals must be
stopped. Common honesty in administration, with
absolute freedom from 'rake-off,' must be introduced.
Equal justice must be administered. There must no
longer be one law excusing Lemieux, the offender,
and another law punishing Woods, the loyal man.
The taxes must come down by several millions, and
money that passes to Ottawa must be left in the chan
nels of trade and industry. The racialist who divides
the people must go, and the machine which steals our
votes must pass out also."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1900.
The wise men of Berkeley tell us that what we
thought was an earthquake the other night was only a
flip of the earth. The wise men might put their heads
together rgain and tell us the difference
• •
18
©oeoeeooeoocooooooooooeooooooooesoaooooooooss
! STILL CONTINUES!
g ....BY.... S
G 2
9 . %
s pb noiiyr 1 hiit orb r \
I uLUolNb UU I SALE 1
§ Of Messrs. Carroll & Johnson's stock, No, 915 |
8 Market Street, and will continue until everu ©
I article of Clothing, Furnishing Goods, Hats, Caps, |
| Trunks, etc, shall he sold. We have a few good I
| specials which we will put on sale Monday and |
% Tuesdau-furthermore will guarantee everu •
S article as advertised. 8
0 > e
© ' - o
8 ===== 8
| Take a Glance at These Prices Below: %
© Menjs All-Wool Suits, in blue and tan, sizes 34 to 44.... 9 A QK 2
§ Men's Fine Dress Top Overcoat, in tan and gray, sixes 34 ioX'vsf" 05 •
g Men's Fme All-Worsted Dres 3 Pants, sizes 30 to 42 waS; . . . ST45 8
§ Youths Elegant Dress Suits, age 12 to 19, in five different patterns. $3 65 •
O Boys Good Wool Reefer Suits, also .plain, age 4 to 15. . . If "?§ |
I M Cn^ s lTl and Plain i^pM^^M^^ii:"'^^ %
© Men, All-Wool and Fancy Ribbed Underwear, all sizes 35C §
$ Men s and Boys' Fine Knit Sweaters, all sizes... ARC •
© A beautiful line of ties, in bows, tecks and four-in-hands 2 for 25^ S
§ Don't fail to take advantage of this sale. All I
1 goods sold as advertised, half former price, and f
0 bybpd article marked In Plain Figures, so come I
J-.ea.plu: and get uour -first Dick- |
© ] • e
I THE MONARCH
1 ALWAYS THE CHEAPEST. I
I NOW ATx915 MARKET STREET, S. F. f
AUCTION SALES.
By S. V.>.tkir.«— Tuesday. September ti. HorMs. at Market
•tr^et, between Twe'.fth and Thirteenth. Also. Tuesday, fcicp-
leir.ber. XZ. at 11 o'clock. Horses, at 1C21 Market street.
Alkcnhn.— "Kt'lr • KI4»."
Cr; heuni— Vaudeville.
Griuna Ope-ra-hou»» — "'Cuo Vtfili."
Alcazar— "The WidoWa Hutband."
Tlvcll— "Trovttort."
CcxE^'.a — "T5-.#> Bells" end "Napo!eca"« Guard."
Caiircmla— Orarid Opera, \Vedn*«3s.y night. September W.
CKymj-ia. corner Mason and Eiidy streets — Specialties.
Cfcutes, Zoo i::i Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon aad
•Ttnir.fi.
Klscher> — Vaudeville.
Einglin* Bros." Circus, {Sixteenth aad Ttolsom ctreets.
Kecrtation Park— Ea*ebaIL
Vnion Cours.cj Tark— Cnurtlne to-fiay.
Ban Mateo Ccursins Park— Ocurslnr.
Shentian-Clay Hall— Sorsff Eecltal. Saturday evening, Sep-
tember 2i.
Sutro Baths — C-pcn rirhts.
Oaklaiiil Track — Race* to-Korrow.
Tanfwua Part— The Great Fair. September 24 to October 6.
AMUSEMENTS.
Special information supplied dally to"
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
fiomeryst. Telephone Main 1M& «
Townsend's California glace fruits 50c a'
*? nre - et , ched boxes or Jap. baskets.
639 Market. Palace Hotel. •baggape, our rate^jbeine lower. Don't
give up your checks on the trains. Mor
ton Special E>elivery. 408 Taylor street and
650 Market street. •
An office has been established In the Oak
land ferry depot, on the ground floor In
the center of the building:, where passen
gers can leave their baegape checks,
thereby paving in the transfer of their
For Convenience of Passengers
FIREMEN FINED FOR
DIFFERENT OFFENSES
Property Owners in the Sunset Dis
trict Make Application for
Fire Alarm Soxes.
The Fire Commissioners met yesterday
afternoon and heard a deleeatlon from
property owners in the Sunset District
regarding the necessity of having more
fire alarm boxes in the district. The mat
ter v.-as referred to the chief engineer.
John McQuatd of engine 13 was fined
one month's pay and ordered transferred
to another company for using disrespect
ful language to his superiors.. Henry Ca
sey of truck 6 was tried for failing to re
port for duty. It was ordered that he re
port at once and that he should receive
no pay until October 15. He will be repri
manded at the next meeting of the board.
James Dolan. from the waiting list, was
appointed truckman of truck 8.
An old hose reel was given to the Po
lice Department for wire rope to be used
during big celebrations. All the hill com
panies will be equipped with ladders for
saving life. Members of engine companies
must now take their meals in their com
pany districts.
The Commissioners spoke highly of the
appearance of the men In the Admission
day parade and of the admirable work at
the tower drills.
Preferences.
Business men who are accustomed to
write standing before a high desk will ap
preciate the following story:
Professor Simon J. Brown, the astro
nomical director of the naval observatory
at Washington, was standing, as usual,
before his desk, when a colleague came
into his office.
"Is it possible." said he, "that you work
in that way? I can't stand standing." ;
"That's odd." replied the professor; "it's i
different with me. I can't stand sitting."
—Youth's Companion- j
Registrar Says Law Compels Him to
Hail Sample Ballot to Every
Voter.
The announcement made by the Auditor
yesterday that he was not satisfied with
the way in which a demand for stamps to
the value of $?C0 wa.« presented to him for
auditing by the Election Commissioner*
has Impelled Registrar Walsh to rise In
explanation. WalPh says that under an
opinion of City Attorney Lane the Elec
tion Commissioners are not bound by the
charter regarding stationery to be fur
nished to the various departments. He
EayB that the law compels the mailing of
a "sample ballot to every vo,ter five dnys
before the election. It is« expected that
75,000 ballots will have to be mailed, cost-
Ing at one cent **ach $750. Notices must
elso be pent to 2400 election officers, which
at two cents is $iS. The cost then Is but
$2 less than the requisition sent to the
Auditor.
Walsh says the demand was slfrn<nl by
the) Supervisors' Finance Committee,
though that course is not necessary. He
says the money was to be expended for
stamps and no other purpose, and he has
complied with the Auditor's request to
make It payable to the postofflce authori
ties.
I^ABGE REQUISITIONS
FOB STAMPS EXPLAINED
Kllen Gibbon?, the "woman in black,"
ex-convict, thief and burglar, appeared In
Judge Conlan's court yesterday on three?
charges of burglary. She was instructed
and arraigned *nd her preliminary exam
ination set for next Thursday.
"Woman in Black" in Court.
Government. He wll' visit some of the
largest cattle ranches in the State and
before completing his work will spend a
week or two in Arizona. •
Dr. HsRemann came to the United
States early In August. In Pennsylvania
he devoted himself to studying some new
scientific apparatus which he will recom
mend for his university. The doctor
thinks the United States a very progres
sive country and marvels at some of Its
great enterprises. He also has a compli
ment for California's famous wines.
United States in Search of
Information.
Dr. Oscar Hagemann, 1 ! a professor In the
Agricultural Academy and University at
Bonn. Germany, arrived in the city last
evening from the East. He has been dele
gated by the German Government to make
an extensive tour of the United States
and inquire into agricultural matters with
a view of obtaining- Information for his
GERMJLNY WANTS POINTERS *
ON AMERICAN AGRICXTLTTTRE
Dr. Oscar Hagemann Sent to the
These endowments are enormous: probably
laryer than any ever before made to any one
Institution. The entire benefit Is for the peo
ple. The State t.'nlverslty is already over
crowded. Except for the Stanford L'nlverslty
a thousand and more of our youth, among the
brightest of the land, would be compelled to
Ko East for the education they are seeking, or
go without it. or the people would have to sub
mit to such Increased taxation as would enable
the Etate University to accommodate them.
The people have everything to gain and noth
ing to Id** by the adoption of this amendment.
They can reject It If they choose, but In that
ca?e' they would be lining an unwise thing for
themselves and for their posterity.
I do not think It necessary to point out all
the weaknesses of the act of the Legislature
(the founding act). I do not think It even wise
to do *n. In view cf th* fact that this consti
tutional amendment may not be adopted. By
the proposed constitutional amendment the
gifts that have been made or may
be made to the university "are per
mitted, approved and confirmed," and that
will remove all doubts. It is true that after
the adoption of the amendment, to make "as-
to render futile any possible attempt to dis
turb the validity of the large endowments made
for the benefit of the university, and to make
thin preposition ro manifest that It will prob
aMy prevent even an attempt to litigate the
validity of these endowments.
The act r.r th- legislature under which the
university was foun^ci" and endowed was. un
fortunately, loosely drawn. The chief object
of the proposed constitutional amendment Is to
remedy the rfe'ect* of the legislative act, and
Gecrsre E. Crotbers Esq., President of the
Ftar.fori l*n!verpitr Constitutional Amendment
the Ittb in«.. asking me to give my views as
to the proposed constitutional amendment
which relates to the Leiand Stanford Jr.
T'niverMty, and which Is to be voted upon by
the v*-<ip!e of thi* State at the general election
In November, I have this to ray:
power to receive property, real and per
sonal, wherever situated, by gift, grant or
bequest. The trustees are also to he en
dowed with corporate powers. The Legis
lature may at Its discretion exempt the
property of the university from taxation
and in exchange for these favors all resi
dents of California shall enter the univer
eity if they please and shall not be
charged fees for tuition unless by act of
the J^egislat'jre. , „
At the meetire of the San Francisco
auxiliary last ni?ht the following com
munication from the president of the trus
teea of Stanford, explaining in detail the'
merits of the proposi-d amendment. was»
read:
PAN JOSE, CaJ.. Sept. JO. l?00.
Titm rra<!uates »ti<5 friends of Stanford
iversity throughout the State are inter
tlng themselves actively in an affair
h is of vital moment to the welfare
¦" the institution at Palo Alto. At the
iinj? election a constitutional amend
m«H Tvhich Is of the gravest Importance
- • ford will be voted upon, and it is
: • -.1. adopted by the people. This
rr.T.t is designed to remedy certain
is dpfrcts in the founding act of the
• rcitjr ar.d lo permit the institution to
' rr-ind normally- without the restraining
rs<^P of too '-s.reful legislation.
Tr:r- authorities of Stanford exjvect, for
< v Trple, to recrlve a bequest of at least
.. ¦.,¦*) from Thomas "W. Stanford of
. A-^-tralia. but under the existing law.
T| bit h prohibits th"m from receiving
' : roperty out of the Ftate or by will, they
cannot accept such a splendid pift. It is
c : 1 -tied that the founding act of Stan
ford University 5? *erUnit$y defective and
fvpn the gifts cf the late Senator Stanford
ar.d Mr*. Stanford may be subject to an
noying- litijration. Further the trustee*
*.r<? n^t r.ow endowed with ordinary cor
porate power6 and are uselessly cripplea
in their work-
It i* to remedy these defects and to ifrlv*
to the university The greatest measure of
freedr.rn for development that frraduatrs
BB<J friends of Jhe institution are orj?an-
Iz::ip In all parts of the State, a Stanford
Vr.Sversity Cor.ptituOoral Amendment
("ub has been in existence for pome time
Bad row auxiliaries to the main club are
l^ir.jr established in the important cities
r.T the State. It ie not necessary to be a
prsduate of Stanford to become a member
of one of these auxiliaries. Any fr.end of
\hf Institution who will work for the
adoption of the constitutional amend
mest will be welcomed to membership.
Fuch an auxiliary wae formed !n this
rity lest night with the following- officers:
President. Hugh II. Drown. Stanford '«; vice
j resident. *)»>car Putro. Vsi vtt ally of Oalifor
11a: •*<?rei*ry and treasurer. I>ewls 8. Beetjy.
Stanford '9~: executive committee — Walter M.
Iio*e ar.d Archie B. Rlr*. Manfoni '85: Joseph
I' Berrfcard. Ftanf'ird "H; Joseph H. Timmons,
J- :*r/<>rd 'i 1 ': James Murphy. Stanford '98.
It Is the purpose of this auxiliary club
To call a mass meeting in this city at an
early day.
The amer.drmnt which It is hoped will
\» adopted permits, approves and con-
Brma the trust and estates created for the)
loundinjr. endowment and maintenance of
the university. The trustees are given
. .1 non - ta * a t'"n of real estate.' excepting
only the county of Santa Oar., and ilicre onlv
by the non-taxation of the university lands
on which are the university buiMlnsn, an.] to
this limited exemption I feel sure a grent ma
jority of the taxpayers of Santa (Jlara County
will consent, as their vote on thlj proposed
constitutional amendment will anUoubteiV.y
show.
Second— The provision that the Legislature
may exempt personal property can do no harm
to the State. The personal or^pertv of the
university will necessarily consist almost ex
clusively of approved securities. If tills amend
ment does not pass, securities will n^cefsarlly.
as a business proposition, have lo be setecfvi
of a k!nd that are not taxable. Securities of
that class. i>uch as Government oonds, always
bear a low rate of Interest, and .f *uch low
Interest bearing securities are selecU'I the In
come of the university will be much reduced
and its efficiency much impaired, and the State
be no richer in taxes. The net Income will
probably be greater, however, on low rate,
non-taxable Feeurltles than It would be on
flrst-class absolutely safe securities, which also
bear a low rate of Interest. If taxes had to be
paid thereon and deducted from the income re
ceived therefrom.
Third— If the amendment passes, the Legisla
ture is not compelled to make any exemption.
It is only allowed to do so.
Fourth — Kven if It should conclude to do so.
It Is not compelled to exempt all that it la
allowed to exempt. It may confine Its exemp
tion to as small a part of the property as It
may see fit.
Fifth— Should it pass a law making any ex
emption whatever. It cannot make it a per
manent law. The law can be repealed at any
time.
Sixth— If any exemption Is made, it Is only
on condition that the university shall have
free tuition. In other words, that it Khali be
a free school. It always has had free tuition,
and It always will have.
I do not know precisely what Is the con
stituency of your club, but I understand It
consists mainly. If " not altogether, of ' the
alumni of the university. You have organized
of your own motion, to aid In obtaining the
adoption of this constitutional amendment.
For your loyal zeal for the university, and for
your unselfish efforts, permit me to sincerely
thank rou.
The amendment may not be adopted. If not
I feel a great mistake will have been made
But in any cape, both you and I will feel that
we labored In a good cause and for the good
of humanity, and the blame will at least not
rest upon us for the failure. S. F. L.EIB
President of the Board of Trustees of the Le
laad Stanford Jr. University.
First— No real estate can be excmrteJ from
county or local taxes except In the county of
Santa Clara, where the university grounds &ni
buildings are situated. Therefore no county
or city treasury can be made, poorer D/ reason
It will be observed from the reading of this
proposed amendment that the following prop
ositions are true: :
"'All property now or hereafter held In
tru?t for the founding, maintenance or benefit
of the ]>lan<l Stanford Jr. University, or of
any department thereof, may b» exempted by
special act from State taxation, and all per
sonal property so held, ami Palo Alto farm as
described In the endowment grant to the trus
tees of the university, and all other real prop
erty so held and used by the university for edu
cational pur-poies exclusively, may be similarly
exempted from county and municipal taxation;
provided, that resident*' of California shall be
charged no fees for tuition unless such fees
be authorized by the act of the Legislature."
The constitutional amendment also provides
that to a limited extent the Legislature may
(not mu«t> exempt from taxation a portion of
the property of the university. This provision
Is of so small Importance, compared with the
other parts of the amendment, that I am sorry
it is there at all, should it in the least endan
ger the adoption of the amendment. Not that
it should do so if understood, but the trouble
Is that so many people will not take the pains
to understand It and therefore vote against the
entire amendment on account of this taxation
clause. That part of the amendment reads as
follows:
There is a matter, however, which I think
eunrht to bo here mentioned. I understand on
the best of authority that a gentleman. r e S i
dfnt of another country, closely related to the
late Senator Stanford, and who, like the late
Senator, is without Immediate heirs. Intend?,
if he can legally do ?o. to leave by will al
mrvst all of hln va»t ectate to the Iceland Stan
ford Jr. University. But the statute en which
that university was founded provides that
property may be given by "^rant" (no provis
ion being made for property left by will), and
rrovides that such pror>erty so granted shall
be "any property, real or personal, belonging
to such person, and situated or being- within
this State." This would seem to preclude the
university from receiving any property not
within the Stat?. The propoi-ed constitutional
amendment cures this defect, and also pro
vides that property may be given to the uni
versity by will, as well as by grant. I know
of at least one other person who Is , without
Immediate heirs and who would be glad to
leave property to the university by will who
does not like to part with it by grant during
his life. Doubtless there are still others i<lml
larly circumstanced and of like mind.
*urance doubly sure." It may be advisable for
Mrs. Stanford, as surviving founder of the uni
versity, to ratify and confirm the gifts that
have been made, and that she 13 both willing
and anxious to do.
FRIENDS OF STANFORD UNIVERSITY
TO SUPPORT AMENDMENT VITAL TO IT
in Kerrigan's Presence.
James L. Crittenden, president of the
People's Mutual Telephone Company, and
William Saalburg, one of the proprietors
of the Jewish Times and Observer, came
within an ace of being- sent to jail f«r con
tempt of court by Justice of the Peace
Kerrigan yesterday. If It had not been
that there was nothing pending before th©
court at the time the two Individuals, who
were respectively defendant and plaintiff
In a suit, would have languished In the
City Prison until their tempers cooled.
The Incident occurred juut after Justice
Kerrigan had decided In favor of Saal
burg, who had sued' the Peoples Tele
phone Company for $45. alleged to be due
for an advertisement.
CrittPnden was granted five days' stay
of execution and was walking out of the
courtroom when Saalburg accosted him
and began to argue. Crittenden brushed
Saalburg away, and the latter told him
not to make a fool of himself.
Crittenden. whose ire had become
aroused, backed Saalburg around the
courtroom, at the same time using rather
strong language. Saalburg picked up the
pitcher of water lying on the Judge's desk
and threatened to treat Crittenden to a
cold bath.
Justice Kerrigan, who had retired from
the room previous to the commencement
of hostilities, came back just then to try
another case and rapped for order. As
the threatening attitude of the belliger
ents did not change Judge Kerrigan said:
"Gentlemen, If this does not stop I will
send b"oth of you to jail." and the com
batants concluded to cease further hos
tilities.
NEARLY SENT TO JAIL
FOR CONTEMPT OF COURT
James L. Crittenden and William
Saalburg Almost Came to Blows
Chairman Reed of the Supervisors'
Public Utilities Committee announced
yesterday that the proposition of acquir
ing a municipal water system for this
city will be ready for submission to a vote
of the people on February 1, 1901. "While
the surveys of Lake Tahoe arjd the Amer
ican and Yuba rlvefs~ have been some
what delayed owing to the illness of Lu
ther Wagoner, chief of the department of
public utilities in the Board of Public
Works, it is believed that a full report of
the Invest ig/ation will be filed on Novem
ber 1, 1900.
There will be two propositions submitted
to the people. One is that of bringing
the water from the Sierras and the other
contemplates the purchase of the Spring
Valley ¦ Water Company's plant. The
voter will have the privilege of expressing
his preference 1 on either of the two propo
sitions at the polls.
Reed says that if it is finally determined
that the cost of bringing' water from the
Sierras is $5O,0u0,iX)0, then the estimate of
$35,000,000 which the Spring Valley Water
Company places on its system is not far
from being correct. Reed asserts as an
argument in favor of acquiring either the
Spring: Valley or Sierra systems that the
average cost'of water to the consumers of
this city is $211 per 1.000.000 gallons, which
is from seven to fourteen times higher
than any other city in the United States.
Reed says that the surveys of the
watersheds and available routes of the
Tuolumne and Stanislaus rivers will not
cost this city 1 cent. Wagoner, who has
been employed by the United States Gov
ernment, recently filed his report, and it
will be available for use by San Francisco
in the prosecution of the project to ac
quire a wholesome and sufficient water
supply.
Propositions Will Be Ready
for Submission Next
February.
People Will Express at the Polls
Preference for , ? Either Spring
Valley or Sierra Sup
plies.
CITV TO VOTE
ON MUNICIPAL
WATER SYSTEM
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY," SEPTEMBER 23, 1900.
19
The human hand can be dipped In lead
boiling at white beat without dangav
STATIONED AND PRINTER.
¦"'SSS 18 PARTRIDGE ""^S?*
WIUT£ ASfl STEAM COAL, the e bla!£
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at Its GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES. Is the Best Coal In thm
market. Office and Yards— 450 Main street.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
S First st.. San Francisco.
PKtNTIXl
F r KIIfiHF's - printer.
T- C- lltiUJlCJ. sn Sansoine st.. S. F
, PAINTS.
Cylinder & Lubricating Oils, sonneteer's Mlnln?
Candles. C. O. CLINCH & CO.. * Front. 8. F.
OILS.
LCBRICATIXG OILS. LEONARD * EL-
LIS. <1S Front St.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
METAL.
Extra linotype and stereotyp« metal. Pacific
Metal Works. 137-9 First St., San Francisco.
HARNESS DRESSING.
"PALO ALTO." Best leather preserrer on
earth, 2Sc Roblnron Chem. Co.. 1189 Howard.
It Is desired to correct an erroneous impre*-
slon that Trinity School has been discontinued.
It will cp«n as usual MONDAY. August 4.
O&ly beys of good moral character are takea.
. G. 8. MXAD. SC3 Central aw.
TRINITY SCHOOL. T 'ir R
FOR YOUxNG MEN AND BOYS.
6eparaU Kooma. Uymoasiuia. MUltary DrtiX
Etc
CHRISTMAS TERM BFGTNS ACCT7ST MTH.
REV. C HITCHCOCK. Principal.
Hitchcock School,
SAN RAFAEL. CAL..
GALVAMZIXd AND METALS.
MTc. tc Dealer In Metal-, d Galvanizing. JOHN
FIKX METAI. WORKS. 215 Howard st.
FRESH AND SALT MHATS.
IA<C RfiYFQ * Tft Shipping iiutchers. !<M
JA3- DUIE3 tt WU- Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
ELECTRICAL.
D. D. WASS.
Electrical Engineer. St East St.
COPPERSMITH.
C W CITITH Ship Plumbing. Steamboat and
U IT- dJUlll. Ship Work a specialty. II ana
18 Washington st. Telephone Main 1641.
COAL. COKS AND Fid II4O.X
rr 11 II CnV R f[\ S00 Battery Street.
,'-W- flIL2Uil tt WU-. Telephone Main 18M.
• » • THE • • •
San Francisco Blue Book
THE FASHIONABLE PRIVATE ADDRESS DIRECTORY.
Season J 900- J 90 1. Now Being Compiled.
-f '. — ! .__ - " ¦'
Being earnestly requested by some of our most prominent ladles an*
buMness men. we have decided to arrance the names in the next edition
of The BJue Book numerically, according to streets and numbers. The
odd numbers on one side and the even on the other, elvtng the Indi-
vidual members of each family, also classified alphabetically. The chief
object 1« to furnish a directory by which you can find a name by know-
Ing the residence number, or find the residence by knowing the name.
Owing to the numeroux chances caused by removals, deaths, mar-
riage!", changes In reception days and the substitution of new num.
bers for old In the residence districts. The Blue Book this year will
assume an importance never before equaled in the history of the pub-
lication.
The Club Department will contain a complete list of the leading clubs,
riving the officers, directors and an official list of the members, with
their business addresses. The Ladles' Clubs will be a special feature.
The work will contain a street and avenue guide, calling and address
list, theater dlairrams, personnel of the pre?e, winter guests of the lead-
Ing hotels, suburban residents, army and navy, shopping guide. Includ-
ing a list of the very best places to trade. Also the Street Railway Guide,
arranged alphabetically, containing the various street-car routes and
transfer points, giving a ready reference to any number and the car to
take at a glance.
ADDRESS ALL CHANGES TO
CHARLES C. HOAG, Editor and Publisher,
225 Post Street* San Francisco. '
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH. lawyer. 503 Cal.. Clunie bd.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Malbl
on Application.
A new cork for poison bottles ouRht to
be very effective In the prevention of mis-
haps. It has a kind of anchor attached to
It so that the cork cannot be entirely
separated from the bottle, and It Rives a
•warning click when the cork has reached
the limit of withdrawal.
Trapper*! Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Orucs-lsts. (Oc flask. Richards A Co.. 40< Clay.
& ."PATENTS! 1)
MARKET ST. St.
The best drink this warm weather ts
"Rainier Ber." It Is pure, cool and re-
freshing and has quality. •
DR. BALL'S REINVlGOHATORWgig
Five hundred reward for any ¦Ww^^n&SI
case we cannot cure. This secret P*" hw m
remedy stops all losses in 24 hours. B |^
cures Emissions. Impctency. Varl- gCQ E&l
rocel». Gonorrhoea. Qle«t. Fits, |7-fr'l
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all LiUJ vUti
bottles, K: guaranteed to curs any cast. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE!. Ki
Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also for sal* at 1073<4
Market St.. 8. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Bend for frc* book.
jtf£Sj%L. San Francisco. Aug. M. 1900.
EuiS^T^ To Whom It May Concern:
| This Is to certify that I hav«
nC I b«en suffering for several year*
f7jr 9 P«t from disordered itomach.
kfc Js liver and kidneys. In addition.
JCV&5jv * became almost totally blind.
I was ur.dT the care of tls»
Jriv' rnfst eminent oculists in this
'ff^fuSslM^ city for about three years. I
was not benefited In the least by their treat-
ment. I have been under the treatment of Dr.
Wong Woo. 704-6* Clay street, for the past six
weeks, and though I am now 74 years of age mv
sight has been restored through Ms treatment
of the stomach, and I feel as well as at any
time during the past ten year*.
JOS. E. WATKINB.
SSS Third street. S. F.. Cal.
A vis!- OR. JORDAN'S grcatJ
tHUSEUM OF INATOMYf
\ ty^ Th- Larjnt AMicmical Max-urn fa the \
O JL^,. WoKd. W ekkaeisw or »ny contracted m
1. fSSiSa <li»e«e p*?»i««»rly cared bythf oldest V
9 IS«i bpeaUittcatbfcCoatt £iL}6y««i>. $
£ fif&fi 0H. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
U B jG^tt n Tr« ttment per»on»liy or by letter. AM
\R f^li Pmmm CWciasrcrycMf uadexikea. \
MFH !!'>• Write for Book. PHILOSOPDYfl A
" il ll '* •«*»«*A«K. MAILED F*ta. jAf
(i ci' »»lu»ble book (or mraj \
7 Jll^JURPAJfA^-O.. K5M Market St.. & F. 9
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
-OV THB-
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
-OS" THD-
NORTH GERMAN
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OP" HAMBTJRO. GERMAXT. ON' THE 3:ST
day of December. A. D. 1S99. and for th<»
y*ar «adln« on that day. as mada to th<»
Insuranc# Commlsaloner of the State of Cai-
610 and 611 of th* Political Code. ° comipna-ct
as per blink furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSET3.
Loans on Bonds and Mort?a*ea JTl.sno no
Casb Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Compaay 413.1S3 H
Cash In Company's OJSce 5.f» :^
Cash la Banks ID.ivO 4»
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Louts t. 437 OS
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages trj 31
Premiums In due Course of Collection, lie.:-.: 0i
Rents due and accrued. Certificate of
Deposit held bj- United States Trus-
tees M.*32 00
Due from other Companies fcr Rein-
surance ca losses already paid 12.S23 ii
Total Assets J734.K3 n
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid 122,240 Ji
Losses In process of Adjustment cr In
Suspense J5.S&) J7
Lo88)>* resisted. Including expenses COCO Ou
Gross premiums on Fire Ri?ks run-
ning one year or less. H5S.305 33;
reinsurance W per cent 233.K3 ?;j
Grosn premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. C71.358 05;
reinsurance r«^> rata. 154.431 K
Conimlsstons and Brokerase dm and
to b«come due 34.17"? "7
Total Liabilities „ 147". 963 <i^
INCOME.
N>t cash actually received for Fir*
premiums 1804.(501 47
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 4,270 Oj
Received for Interest and dividend*
en Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 17,701 U
Received from all other sources isi v;,
Total Income JCM."i2 U
EXPENDITURE?. ~~
Net amount paid for Fir« Losses Mn-
cludlng ns.947 44. losses of previous
years) KCI.CS *•>
Paid or allowed for Commission cr
Brokerage 178.233 J5
Paid for Salaries. F*>es ind « th«r
charges for officer?. cl«rka. etc 1'.232 ol
Paid for State. National and I»eal
taxes 12 9^1 <\t
All other payments and expenditures.. 24.0K 0»
Total Expenditures C*4. ft .>* *;
Fir*.
LOSSES Incurred during the v»ar S-T71.471 JJ
Risks and Premiums.' Fire Risks. [ rrcmiums.
Net amount of Rlxks!
written during the'
year I 157.071,379 tSo3.4!3 73
Net amount of Risks
expired during the:
year ( 5«.KS.4*4 «y.9. « ft?
Net amount In forcei '
December 31. l^?0..! 57,S7S.c:3 i r»..T7.1 ;;
ADOLPH 1/>EP, Cnlted States Manager.
Subscribed and sworn t^ before me. th'« SHM
day of January, 1300. MARK A. FOOTE.
Notary Public.
WALTER SPEYER.
General Agent for
the Pacific Ccast,
225 Sansome St.. San Francisco
PDTTCUCQ r0R BARBERS. BAK-
¦DllU Oil 1-4 O *-* bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tablns.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, flourmlUs. foundries, laundries. paper-
Bankers, prtnters. painter*, shoe factories, gta-
blemen. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCrfA>AM BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609Sacram>nroSr
£*£. VERV LATEST
r^^J^l Straight Front,
Vj^7 Hand-Made
2( SAPPHIRE
/^ CORSETS
W $3,00 n $15,00
\\^\\!fA\. PER PAIR,
/^f 3& 10 Gearu St.,
// A i/| CORKER KEARKT.
L^l\ r > CHESTER F.WRIGHT,
A^r3»1 Tl/\ Rcyal 'Worcester Cor»^
¦«t-Flttlnr Pmxlor*.
I Cutlery House of
J the Pacific Coast!
<§§ HERE ARE SOME OF
THE REASONS. WHY:
1. Pock;et KO'^es.
2, S, 4 bladed KNTVES. bona or Imitation staff handles 25c
2. 3. 4 bladed KNIVES, pearl or stag handles «5Oc
2. S, 4 bladed KNIVES, p-asrl or stag handiea. better quality s>t<»el than
above „. 75c and $t.OO
Carving Sets.
We have th«n In all styles, from $1.25 up
NAIL FILES. MANICURE SETS. BUTTONTIOL.E AND MANICTJRB
« SCISSORS, eta, etc
SCISSORS. KNIVES AND RAZORS GROUND AND REPAIRED.
SURGICAL INSTRUMENTS MADE AND REPAIRED.
I
Horse Clippers.
We carry a full line of HAND AND POWER CLIPPERS. All the latest
and beat styles at Lowest Prices.
5=a — . .. — .
\ m — - ur> !
818-820 Market St., San Francisco. "^
Good Furniture at Low Prices.
T^rT^R 5 NO J5 lNG J B rFT TER Or more artistic in the fine *t homes in our ci y than the fine Furniture, Carpets," Curtains, D-ap-
Tr "p :\\ a^ tJeds and B.-dding now being sold daiiy in the big F.irniture Exposition Bjildin?, corner Sixteenth and Mission streets.
h,!i>A au ° 5 ' e j? l^ve experts who take charge of tne entire furnishing and decorating of fine residences, cliibhw-es ani public
buildings. Estimates and designs furnished.
¦ Sample Beds from G'and Rapids Exposition— 123 of them in all and no two alike— superbly finished and admirably con-
: V,ru.ted~vve ht th «m at half cost price, and you receive the benefit of this remarkable purchase. The only proviso is that
me> must De delivered this month, as we. could not afford to store th?m at these remarkably low prices.
B fuuTi« ad h a % 1 tl ? halHn i h C0Sts * s , tralzht and W Pnrfsinc- Special imputation of French lace cur
co a ioct, full size, hand lacquered-som* as low - R 7 _ AS UUTtainS. ta i ns that wl , | en d a ereat impetus to
J \ >m!KL^ a fti t"^ Is week '«;«;- ling — all bought much below the regular
Brass Beds— 2-inch rost<. exceptionally w>l! « 9/^w^l !^T?^$ Q-* price and off :red at speclilv.ilurs to-moTow.
irimms — are* til in"— •.<= i™- -,< " 2i 00 ii*itOP?vt \it\A\3fra
P, rpv1!B ; 2 B 7 aslouas Z3.VU W^^*'\$&S £jf$ . Nottingham Laee Curtains-New French eff.ctc-
r-ncj H. ass B3ds— ij an3 2 inch posts— fancv o - rtfk K3fe«al fefe^S^-3"^ lCSv?S?« ura P ls and iir istlc — 4 8 nd 5o incies wiJe— posi- , _ rt
scroll ivith 1 rail umammis-as lw»; as .'. 35.00 l fe/?S^f?^|J^/p| i| f^§:^ > v '^ manufacturer's cost-52.25 values for 1.50
?e a^ y C ' C f^ S^i A dozrn . i n j**l lo-iand^ •, diinty !'^?^M Real Renaissance Curtains -A n-xv lot at »he lowest
as I2 -°° 3n - * ome a< low ¦« 4 * 50 Y^^P^^v^^m^^^ >0 s;!1 them at a Io " y° u bu ? the °° furtains at 5#0 °
ESto&SS^^'^n'S* 1^ P° r « Ialn P^- Marie Antoinette Curtains-Ch.rmins; .ff ;ct ,
r^rn^rh ' !l CV * r ?* d * tO SeHf0r K * SS th3n *H (\(\ tor chamber wlnJows— i real Ucy articU— while _ nn
90.00 each-in this sale to-morrow 50 00 §r~ {hey , 3StJI2 50 va . u:s for 7.90
Carpets, Rugs and Mattings.
QUR carpet and rug store will be a surprise to you if you have never been a visitor to this part of our floor. Every desirable
v grade of carpets is represented in this stock, and at all times you will find here a complete assortment of rugs of domestic and
toreign manufacture.
Carpets. Domestic Rugs,
f I.25 velvet carpus, stairs to match.... <i.c 0 i"ody Bruss-ls carpets $1 25 All our choke private patterns of Wilton rugs at regular prlcesi
SI 10 7 -', in ,«trv Rm«'«»l. fi=ir» ? XI2 $S5 00 | $12 SmvriM ru?S, 9X12 $10.50
••"•¦"•"¦•; V 5I :1° l^ ta P« tr^ Brussels 65c 8.3x10.6 .....$28.00 and $30.00 | szo Smyrna Rugs. 9x12 $18.00
«i. 10 velvet carpet* 90c 60c mtjram carpets 50e 525.00 standard Brussels ru~, 9x12 $24.00
Lar^e asscrtmrnt cf hi^h-dass W! on 2«;c Jap^nrse matting? 15c Oriental RllCS
velvet carprts, stairs anJ boraers to We heaiqjarttrs for linoltums and c, rt ~ n D.n,, r e<c nA , , a Jr \ . c . ,' atn - n
m ,. fh <„.,,-, 1 <c« nn nl i,u t ,, c 520.00 Kokhara ruz« $15.00 $i8co Kazak and Shlrvan rugs.$12 50
ma.ch, sp-cia! $1.00 oilcloths. $10.00 Turkish and Persian rugs 1 "....$7 60
Furniture for Parlor and Dinirig=Room.
r\VR department always offers something out of th? ordinary— that's th.* reason we do such a large business. This week's Is a
y maker's sample stock, recently shown at the Grand Rapids furniture exposition, secured at a positive saving of one-half
Prices -eil the storv, and the furniture speaks for the quality. ,
?i° !n £u"n?°- O o7 Jf b m V. Di : ess £ r Vr °'^ ts J- China Cabinet -With Music Cabinet -
fll.£-MmLy * 34 °°- 3 > ?? -^:>.->v^,^ -> , >T^T s j ze, regular price 5 3 4-co. Uh, highly polish
:::..;...:l::;i::::- n.oo T^!.^l 16.75 fc^S^Mgkg^^St specl31 '"" 26.75 $ spccIal 5.00
•¦-• ¦ tJressers m oik, m t- yV \J-^ —^- _- _ \%\ «., , . • ,
— ~7 s itnn.imihcginy, hbh- U<g^g~ ¦y^^frTgg'g"^'^ *' Dinlngr-Room Chairs— < U^.,^^^= CT^.
/ » polljhed, wartn f«, 0^ff^f^W^f^^sp^Q With lull tox seat, hl ? nlv W^t, ?
f = rff^^ ur *P*=^I pric? IC -. JJ^^a^aft&fcal^^aAfrW^g^g^^A^f ifll po i%hcd ' would seM irr i '
T^T 1 ; 1 ~~gf5X 10.73 -pa-Es:^ -^^z2^z^zL-risjr'--rn *«-"g|ak a j.k $3.co, spe:ial prlc- 1«
(ifvtlll TH Chiffoniers- f finest i |F~ ¦ « Z^ 3,
\\ W- \ \ IE caf< ' fu ' SVAeil fr3nt ' «T • m Morris Chair— Complete / ,'
\\ Yi \ 8 //[ ' veil worth 533.50— with fins cushions, frame j/
AW'R r^lftj=; spedalprics i-r nrfc * highly polished, well worth /'¦'
/rf)\^r LA' Vv2;|y I7.UO Mahogany Davenport, like cut, $43.00. 5i8o 0 , at lft - n r I -£
'/ S V» I J:? dles ' Dre SSingr Ta- S Tuples fine parlor furniture-odd places-entire lot IU * 5U f\
Mission and Sixteenth PATTACIPM'Q SiXt6e " th &nd M1SSi ° n
otr66tS» I / \ § g \^F j H 1 I j StrPAtc
SSgES^EBggHaaaHBaHgBgaBaBBBOBHBHngPaBgtSBBBHHaHBHfflnBBBBIBBaHBHaBan^
ADVESIISEilENTS.
HOUSE FURNISHINGS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Creme |
Eg de Lis 1
M£ Known for nearly half a cen-
jp£ tury as stsciu'e'y peerless. cQ
{£53 IT CREATES A £
PERFECT COmEXIOX v3
5^2 and : n:!tes the sk!r. with £X
£]H the h-alihy ico'< cf early q£
V»< Removes tan, sunburn, ?~^j
Qjd p:r^;!es. etc.. and 'eaves *«
~££ the skin soft and velvety. 33C
?^V Folfl by e:I <ir-jrt:!sts arri 4jT
>/ ~k4 F'-r;»'si <!*n!'r» If ycu can-
¦EjlI r. : cV'slr, it «*n<i u« ; r r tor *£Bl
JT?^ >.rie bottle cr l ri o for trial fiCJ
t £ b EAaanfijTOH * co.. 5w
»O3 M'fn . Lot Asgeln C»'- WCJ
H A Famous Cosmetic gHugo Katz. a young man who has. made
It -a practice to steal bicycles and sell
them, was convicted on three charges by
Judge Conlan and appeared for sentence
yesterday. The Judge sentenced : him to
serve fifteen months in the County Jail,
six months on each of two charges and
three months on the other.
Bicycle Thief Sentenced.
Read it in to-day's Chronicle supple
ment; you will never regret it; and if in
terested address Prof. Benzon. 320 Mason.*
Benzon's Great Card Story.
The French Ladies* Benevolent Society,
an institution which has done great good
among the poor and afflicted families of
this city, held a meeting last Thursday
at its rooms, 31CA Post street, and elected
the following officers for the term: Presi
dent, Mme. E. Chevassus; vice president
Miss L. Meyer; secretary, Mme. L. A'er
dier; dames commlssaires— Mme. Tauzv
and Mme. Godeau. The report read at the
meeting showed that the monthly sub
scriptions received during the past year
amounted to $1183: that $6497 % was re
ceived in gifts, and that the interest in
bank was $25. making a total of J770G 57
Of this sum $2772-20 was expended in re
lieving the wants of the poor. Seventy to
eighty families have been cared for each
month by the society. The society hns 100
members,- who are tho leadlne Krench
residents of . this city. A meeting Is held
every Thursday at the society's rooms
and all those who dt*lre aid call thern
and if found to be deserving are given
clothing and the necessaries of life.
Benevolent Society Meeting.
Uf.ttera of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants,
The Japanese liner Nippon Maru sailed
yesterday for Japan and China with a
CCOeral cargo valued at Jl'0,811, manifest
••J as follows: For China, .$7-1,007; for
•>ajjar», BttXM: for Manila, J20.H2: for
Vladivostok. JC^-S; for Korea. J467i. in
nansit for Cb!r.a. $2u71; fcr Japan, $1W
The following were the principal shJp
i:u";its:
Frr Chlm— 75*5 pate 200 bbls b<?cr. 2C59
H s ohcese, Sj pkgs codfish. IStfii cs canned
K;odp. 2l»j ca bottlod ber-r, 1«X» lbs choco
i.:u. IS pkga drugs, 7 pksrs dried JiEh, 17
1 k,-s electrical uouds, 'CSj bbls flour. 311
hxM fruit. 1714 phps groceries and pro
»isiODS, 19 bda hose, 27 pkgs portable
I OUse. 20 bbls rr.fat. 2C0 cs fit) bbls oil. 30
< r onloos. 10 bd!f? paper. 26S cr potatoes.
rOO bxs prar! barley. 3 cs.pVrfume. 14 cs
r'Jhbc-r Roods, 120 cs salmon, 305 gals wine.
For Japan— 9jO bbls beet, 417 cr bicycles,
r*(. blast furnaces. «; c.« boots and s'hoes.
C cs bocks. 208 cs ennn^d goods, 472 lbs
• ¦hocclate. C pkgs dental g-oods. 5 cs dry
roods. 132 pkps electrical goods. 510 bbls
Hour, C jikg«s furniture, 7S bxs fruit. 1305
j;kgs groceries, and provisions. 17 cs hard
ware. Ztl bdis boop cteeL, 37 pkgs portable
lourc, 6 <-s household roods, £0j5 pies lead.
"4 rolls lent her. 93 pkirjs machinery, 2000
ktga nails. 20 bdls pip*. 5 cs watches and
r-ovcir.^rts, IS bxs raisin-. C bdls rubber
rjackir:^, S cs rubber soo-Is, 7220 lbs su^ar.
I7EWS OF THE OCEAN.
There -was no one in the room at tho
time the stove exploded. Mr. Seekamp
heard the noise and rushed in to find the
stove ablaze. He picked up the stove and
carried It to a safe distance from the
building.. Both hands were badly burned,
but Mr. Soekamp's heroic method saved
his house from being destroyed. •
BERKELEY, Sept. 22. — Henry Seekamp,
the well-known violinist, who resides at
1609 Louisa street, had his handa badly
burned this morning while carrying an
exploded gasoline stove out of 'his house.
He threw the blazing mass into the back
yard and returned to tho rooms In time
to put out the flames, which had caught
the woodwork.
Gasoline Stove From a Room
and Extinguishes Fire.
Henry Seekamp Carries Exploded
RECEIVES BURNS IN
SAVING HIS HOME
KINGS RIVER AT REP MOUNTAIN.
David Blum and others fll^d a libel yes
t«T<Jay In the United States District
Court a^alr.Ft the British ship Melanope
in recover J15.0W for thp failure of the
s-hip to deliver a cargo of strap iron.
F. C. Hmiiouso and two other seamen
lied a libel against the <Jrrrman steamer
Itosala to recover J13S 22 wages alleged to
ut due.
Marine Libels Filed.
Mme. Fabbri-Mueller has leased Odd
Fellows' Hall for a season of English vau
deville and German drama, to begin Octo
ber 15th. The hall has been refitted and
boxes installed, resulting: In a very at
tractive playhouse. ,
Vaudeville and Drama.
SAN JOAQUIN RIVER AT IIERNDON.
Mate Bailey Killed in a Storm.
The body «t I-uther BaUey, mate of the
rcbooner Mizpah, was brought to the
Morgue yesterday. He had bten killed
two days previously by being struck on
tlie head by a pulley block in a storm
which the soh'>on<-r t-ncountered one day
oi'ter k-aving Fan Francisco. The captain
*»rribalm»-<l ths body and put back to this
1 >rt. linilf-y was a native of Oregon and
c::ly 21 years o:<J.
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
STANISLAUS RIVER AT OAKDALE
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLYS FERRY.
Abe Hammer Sustains a Compound
Fracture of the Left Leg and
Other Injuries.
Abe Hammer, a boy 9 years of age,
whose parents live at 720 Natoma street,
had a narrow escape from death yester
day afternoon. He was knocked down
by an electric car on Eighth street. H«
sustained a compound fracture of the left
leg and abrasions of tho scalp and ear.
The boy was stealing a ride on the
rear end of an ice wagon and Jumped
off between Minna and Natoma streets
in front of car 1103, which was going at
rapid speed in the opposite direction. The
car struck the boy on the head, knock-
Ing him down, and the motorman, C. F.
Kleupfer, at once let down the fender,
but It did not work properly, and the boy
was dragged along for some distance be
fore the car was stopped. He was taken
to the Receiving Hospital In a coal wagon
that happened to be passing at the time.
Kleupfer, the motorman, was arrested
on a charge of battery and was released
on $50 cash bail. He said that he could
not have prevented the accident, as the
ice wagon hid the boy from his view
till the car was upon him. About two
months ago the son of Lieutenant Bean
of engine company 29 was killed fn tb*»
same way on Tenth street. He had been,
riding behind a soda water wagon aiiu
Jumped off in front of the car.
BOY SERIOUSLY HURT
BY AN ELECTRIC CAR
The Red Cross rooms, 308 Sutter street,
will be closed on and after the evening of
September 2Gth. After that date money or
supplies for the GaH'eston sufferers may
be sent to the Red Cross rooms, No. 309
Examiner Building.
Red Cross Society.
Following la a statement of the estimated
now of certain California rivers In cubic feet
per second, or second feet, one second foot
equaling 60 California miner's Inches, or about
40 Colorado miner's Inches. The flsures are
from J. B. Lippincott. • hydroprapher of the
United States Geolorical Survey:
Flow of Rivers.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrojrraphic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal..
SeDtember 22. 1900.
Tho time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., In charge.
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of tho
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the. second tide of
the day, thf. third time column the third tide
and the last or tight hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
driven are In addition to the soundlnes on tho
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus eljrn C— ) precedes the, height,
and then the nnmber plven Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
SUNDAY. SEPTEMBER 23.
Sun rl?es B:5S
Sun sets 6:06
Moon rises, new 5:46 a. m.
the full sentence the law" allowed— six
months In the County Jail.
Frank Jones, another colored youth,
appeared before Judge Conlan yesterday
on a charge. of attempted burglary. His
case was continued until Wednesday.
Karly yesterday morning Jones opened
the front window in the residence of Mr?.
M. Lewis, 522 Jones street. Mrs. Lewis
observed him and raised an alarm, which
was heard by Spec.al Officer H. Smith,
lie saw Jones running away and gave
chase, iiring a shot in the air from his
revolver to Intimidate Jones. The shot
was heard by Policeman Hutchlngs, who
captured Jones, and the colored fugitive
was taken before Mrs. Lewis, who Ident
ified him.
Captain Seymour suspected that Jones
might have been the colored youth who
has been frightening ladles In Stockton,
as reported In the telegraphic dispatches,
and interrogated him. Jones denied that
he had ever been In Stockton, although
admitting he had been In Sacramento. He
said that Mrs. Lewis' window was open
and he simply looked in. He knew
Nutherland, who was called "the kisser"
among colored folks.
Frank Jones, Another Colored Youth,
Is Arrested for an Attempt
at Burglary.
Jacob Nutherland, the colored boot
black who was convicted by Judge Ca
banlss Friday of battery upon Miss Ida
Resenow on O'Farrell street, near Frank
lin, September 4, appeared for sentence
yesterday. The Judge asited him if he
had anything to say and Nutherland
again protested his innocence. The Judge
characterized his conduct as that of a
fiend and said he would Impose upon him
NEGRO HUGGER GETS
. BIX MONTHS IN JAIL
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Unlt#<l States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thorfty of the Superintendent.
NOTE. — The hlsh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mlsplon-Btreet wharf) about
twenty- five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Hog Raisers to Be Arrested.
The Board of Health has started a cru
sade against hog raisers who have their
hog ranches outside the Umtta prescribed
by ordinance 1087, the line of which llea
Bix blocks from Butchertown one way
and eight blocks the other. Fourteen
warrants were sworn out before Judge
Fritz yesterday for the arrest for violat
ing the ordinance of A. Eacrhne, Edward
Svanson, John Farren, L. Bacchne, A.
Bacchne, John Hefrernan, John D. Gari
baldi, George Stantangton. D. de Santi. J.
McDonough. Joseph Lesch. M. Donovan.
J. F. FItzsimraons and J. Lambie, who
all live in South San Francisco.
TO ARRIVE,
Steamer Movements.
The award was'- based on purity and
flavor, and when It Is considered that this
enterprising company was entered In this
Exposition against competitors from tha
entire world— Europe as well as America—
their success 's gratifying In the extreme.
The John "U'ieland Brewery of San
Francisco, brewers of the well known
"Wleland's Extra Pale Lager, hare Just
received advice under date of August 2Sth,
1900. from Mr. Varney VT. Gasklll. secretary
of the Calif ornla Paris Exposition Commis
sion of 1900, that the International Jury of
Awards have awarded them a certlflcat©
and medal for the exhibit they made at
the Pari3 Exposition of their "Wlelaad'a
Extra Pale Lager."
This announcement Is one that not alon«
the Brewery, but the State of California
as well, may be Justly proud of, for !'.^
gives to a very popular California in
dustry an International reputation. The
John "SVieland Brewery Is known a* tna
largest brewery west of the Rocky Moun
tains.
JOHN WIELAND BREWEHY
LEADS.
GREAT SUCCESS FOR THE
STATE OF CALIFORNIA!!
:idjufi<-d. Then a* s<>on as everything
was satisfactory she came down to the
israter Irort and a messenger was sent
BSbore. As soon as an answer was re
««ive<l the Wisconsin started up the
t'OJ^St.
Among those who were aboard were
Captain Rc'tt-r, who will command the
Wisconsin <rhen she goes into commis
sion, and Lieutenant Commander J. II.
Milton, who will be hor navigating officer;
Irving M. S»ott. Robert Kor.syth and a
number of others. After being' placed on
the drydurk the Wisconsin will probably
K<> direct to the Santa Barbara Channel,
where she win have her trial trip. Cap
tain N. F. PMnbury of the Mail Com
1'any's steamer City of Sydney is in com
i. :.:.<'. cf the Wisconsin.
¦Wisconsin on Trial.
The battleship Wisconsin took a trial
eptxt on t!i? bay reslerday and later start
ed for 1'uget Sound, where she will go on
I he Port Orchard drydock. ITp off Red
Itock abe w:-.s swung and her compassee
for the comfort of the animals. Uncle
ham wnnts the best of everything for his
jtk'ii and horses, and Colonel Long and
Captains Batchelder and Barneson see to
ii that he ECU what he is paying for.
At tne present time 13,000 tons of freight
nntl '»«» tons of fuel are being put aboard
•>!:'¦ A!sr<~a, while 3000 tons of stores are
going Into the Hancock. Yet there Is not
near as much rush en the transport
Wharf as there is at the Mall dock, and a
Stranger looking on would never Imagine
that suih an enormous amount of busi
ness was g«;ing on.
Dispatch of the Samoa.
A exeat d*:a_l has b>'en written about the
quick dispau-h given tne German trans
jiirt Samoa. It took two days to put 850
horses aboard her. In four hours 733
liorsei were put aboard the t'nlted States
transport Strathgyle. Taw Strathgyle is
til"' best ntted out horse transport in the
v. orld. and th? Pamoa is away behind her
Loth in h^r electric fittings and appliances
have been looted in Antwerp and Bour
d< aux, as it was impossible to broach the
cic! go during the run around the Horn.
\\;'s o;rfT.fd a.nd instead of gin it con
tained basalt blocks, and so on through
tht- whole consignment. The officers of
the steamer assert that the cases must
The Crown Distilleries Company met
with a big surprise yesterday morning.
On the Kosmos liner Hcrodot that ar
rtved from Hamburg last week there was
a valuable consignment of brandy and
pin. Those goods came from Antwerp
and Bordeaux and were supposed to be
something very fine. An expressman was
sent down yesterday for the goods, but
th«- driver would not receive them, as they
were not in good condition. Purser Mc-
Manus was s<>nt for, and he ordered one
of the cases or>'.-nt:-d. Instead of brandy it
contained cobblestones. Another case
quors Brought by the Herodot-
J. J. Haviside's horse Nigger had a nar
row t?<;-.pc yesterday. A new foremast
wa? being put into the schooner Lillle
bo::ne and Nipger was doing the bulk of
ih.- work. He was told to back up In
oroor to let the mast s-ettle back Into its
place. Everybody was busy and no one
countermanded the order, so Nigger kept
on backing until he backed overboard.
It took Havisice and his full force of rio
ters nearly an hour to get the horse back
<>n the v.harf again. Nigger was more
dead than alive when he was got ashore
by means of a derrick.
CARGO HAT) BEEN BROACHED.
Substituted for Valuable Li-
Ifig-g^r's Narrow Escape,
Sights a Derelict.
The schooner J. G. Wall arrived from
G')lovi:i Hay yesterday, after a passage
of twenty-Dine days. The captain reports
That on September 3. in latitude 54.10
north, longitude 105.25 w<»st. he sighted a
«J«-relict. it was at 3:15 p. m. and It
phowed about ten or twelve feet out of
v.nter. Aj near as the crew of the J. G.
•Wall could make out. it was a schooner
b< lion: up. but th»>re was nothing about
it by which it could be identified. The
derelict wai right in the way of vessels
making for ami coming from Unalaska
and Dutch Harbor.
The pennant carried away and the block
came '.lying: through the air. striking Mate
Luiher Bailey on the temple, killing him
instantly. Tti<? r«»*1 was at once put
about and run for San Francisco. Df
ceasefi was a native of Oregon, aged 24
rears. His remains were brought to San
Francisco.
" r "he schooner M:rj>ah. which left here
last Tuesday for Coquille River, came
tack to port yesterday. La^t Friday at 1
p. in. a northwest gale sprang up. The
\osse! was in latitude 3S north, longitude
323-4(J west, and all hands were on deck.
While the ruain boom was swinging over
Ills Brains Knocked Out.
There was a chapter of accidents came
up from the water front yesterday. The
Eteaxner Columbia lost her boatswain dur
ing a lire drill; the schooner J. G. Wall
Blgbted a derelict; the schooner Mizpah
le K t the mate by an accident; a horse was
nearly drowned and there were several
other minor eaxUiilties*.
i^iie urcpon K<ti!r<.>ad and Navigation
Company's steamer Columbia was on her
v;.y here Irom tne Columbia River. Last
Thursday at 4 p. m. the eteajner waa
about ten miles off Shelter Cove. A .fire
drill was ill progress and Chris Ellefesen.
t!ie boatswain, was In the after boat ready
to lower MEBjr."* An order had Just been
pveu by the captain and the men were
buxj executing It when the cry of "Man
overbcajd" rang out. In a few seconds
It wm known that the boatswain was
irene and that he had etruclc the side of
ice 6hi;> in his fall. A. boat was Instautly
lowertd and a search made for Ellefesen,
but no trace of him could be found. Dark
i.ess came on and as a very choppy sea
was running ihe Columbia bad to put on
SUefesen lived with his widowed sister
ca Presidio avenue. He was 45 years old.
NEW YORK— Sailed S»pt 22— Stmr Mlnneha
ha, for London; stmr Mesaba, for London; stmr
Statendsm, for Rotterdam, via Boulogne.
Sailed Sept 22-Stmr Lucania. for Liverpool;
Btmr Astoria, for Glafgow; stmr Graf Walder
p<-e. for Haml.jre. via Plymouth; stmr Ka.lser
Wijhelm JI. fcr Naples, etc.
Arrived Sept 22— Stmr St Paul, from South
ampton.
-GLASGOW— Arrived Sept 22— Stmr State of
Nebraska, frum New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS,
BUENOS AYRES— Sailed Sept I>— Fr bark
Eugenie Fautrel, for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Sept 21— Ger ship Slrius,
fcr Portland.
HONGKONG— Arrival Sept 10— U S Btmr
Meade, from Nagasaki.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— In port Au* 27— Br ships
Ciwilor, Celtlcburn. Ditton. Thlstlebank, Soko
to. ehip Pericles, ship Kennebec, Br barks In
vercoe and Invermark. for San Francisco; Br
ehlp Drumburton, for Honolulu; Br ship Falk
land, for San Dlegoj rchr Golden Shore, ship
James Nesmlth, Ger ship Roland, for Honolulu.
Sailed Am 4— Ship Great Admiral, for Hono
lulu. Auk 11— Br ehlp Osborne, Br ship Croco
dile, for San Francisco; Nor bark Btjorn, for
Honolulu. Aug 12— Fr bark Amlral Troude. for
San Francisco. Auc 15— Br bark Dominion.
Aus 17— Br bark Adderley. Aug IS— Ship Star
of Russia: Nor tark Prince Victor, ship Victor,
for Honolulu; *hlp Star of France, for San
Francisco. Aug 22— Br ship Fannie Kerr, for
San Fmnc'.sco. Auir 23— Br ship Clan Mao
phereon. Augr 2j — B&rk Fresno. lor San Fran
cleco.
SYDNET-Salled Aug 17-Shlp Bhenandoah.
for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS
ST MICHAEL— Arrived Sept &-Shlp Hecla,
from Victoria, and sailed Sept 6 for L'nala.cka
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Sert 22-Schr
Metha Nelson, from Maliukcna; echr Peerless.
Irom Ventura; sclir Ida Schnauer. hence Auk
SO; schr Fred J Wood, from Kobe; Ital bark
Cavijur, frcm Callao.
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 21— Stmr Kviehak.
from Bristol Bay; Etmr Aberdeen, from Skatf
uay.
Hailed Sept 21— Stmr Salmo, for San Fran
cisco.
SOUTH BEND— Arftved 'Sept 22— Schr Beu
lah. hence Sept 9.
EUREKA— Sailed Sept 22— Stmr Brunswick,
for S.-.n Francisco; schr Eliza Miller, for ;
ftmr l'at>a<lena. for San Pedro.
ASTORIA— Arrived, Sent 22— Stmr State of
California, hence Sept 20.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Sept 22— Schr Azalea, for
Port Blakelej'.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Sept 22— Stmr Noyo,
for San FranclFco.
MEN1XK.INO— Arrived Sept 22— Schr Monte
rey, h»nce Sent 20.
BOWENS LANDING— Sailed Sept 22— Schr
Corinthian, for San Francisco.
Arrived S*r't 22— Sohr Rio Rey. hence Sept IS.
Arrived S«-pt 22— Schr Bender Brothers, hence
Sept 20.
hailed S*pt 22— Schrm Reliance and Newark,
for San Francisco.
• SAN PEDRO-Salled Sept 21— Sehr Ethel
Zane. for Port Townsend; etmr Sequoia, for
; *tmr Sunol, for ;• BChr Ludlow, for
Port Blakeley.
Arrived Sept 22 — Stmr Greenwood, from
Greenwood.
TACOMA— Arrived Sept 22— Schr Mary E
Rusts, he nee Se-t 2.
Sailed Sept 22— Bktn Northwest, for San
Pedro.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Sept 22— Schr Ida
Schnauer. hence Aujf 30.
CASPAR— Arrived Sept 22— Stmr Luella, hnc
Sep*. 21.
DOMESTIC PORTS
PORTLAND. Sepi X, D a m— S\V storm warn
ings ordered alcn^ the Oregon and Washing
ton coaet.
MISCELLANEOUS
POINT LOBOS, Sept 22. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind N W. velocity 8 miles..
TELEGRAPHIC,
Schr J G Wall, from Golovln Bay, Sept 21—
Sept 5. 3:i:> p m. passed a derelict (some kind
of veese! bottom up), exposed out of water
about 12 or IS feet; position lat 54 10 N. Ion
1C.'< 25 'ft', in the marine track of vessels passing
out or in to Nunimak 1'efs.
RETURNED.
Saturday. September W. .
Schr Mizpah. hence Sept 13. for Coqullle
niver, returned en account of mate being killed.
MEMORANDUM.
Briir _T C! Wall frnra Onlnvln TJo.. C«^» <M
Schr Daisy Howe. Nyman, Cocs Bay.
. Schr Helen N Kimball, Hansen. Apia, via
Paso Paso.
Bktn Ruth, Olsen, .
Schr Mary Etta. Anderson. Bowens Landing.
Sohr J 15 Leeds. Nielsen. Eureka.
Stmr Alcazar. Gunderson. .
Stmr Grace IX>llar. Fosen. .
U S ftmr Wisconsin, Plllsnury. cruise.
Br Etmr Samoa, Hudson, Taku.
Jap Ftmr Nipp;n Maru, Allen. Honolulu, Yo
kohama nnd Honckonc
Pchr Ocean Spray. Larsen, Iversens Landing.
SAILED.
Saturday. September 22.
Stmr Newsboy, Hlggrins. Ucal.
Stmr Santa Itcsa. Alexander, San Dleso.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka.
Stmr IaQua. Bash, Eureka.
Htmr Empire, Macgean, Coos Bay.
Saturday. September 22.
Stmr UmatlHa, Cousins, Victoria, etc; Good
a'.L Perkins & Co.
Jap stmr Nippon Maru, Allen. Honolulu, Yo
kohama and Hongkong: W II A very.
Hark Alden Bespe. Potter, Honolulu: J D
Sr>reckels & Bros Co.
Schr Helen N Kimball. Hanson, Apia, via
Pago Pago; J Wlehtraan Jr.
i-chr Chas E Kalk. Henninffsen, Hllo, via
Albion; J R Hanify & Co.
CLEARED.
Etmr City cf Rio de Janeiro, Ward, 2S days
from Hongkong, via Yokohama, 19 days and via
Honolulu 7 days.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, SS^i hours from Port
land, via Astoria 44 1 * hours.
Ptmr Cleone, L,undquiet. 20 hours from Ne«dle
Rock.
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen, 45 hours from Ban
Pedro.
Stmr Cooe Bay, Nopander, 70 hours from
Newr-ort and way ports.
U ri stmr Grant. Schiller, 27 days IS hours
from Manila, via Nagasaki 19 days 9 hours.
Br stn;r Robert Adamson, Morgan, ?4 hours
from Nanaimo.
Hark Holliawood, Knight, £1 days from Hono
lulu.
Schr S T Alexander, Ipsrn. II days from
KahuJul.
Schr John A. Nllson, S3 days from Lahalna.
5ehr Sacramento, Gruggel, days fron-
Slu«-jaw River.
Pchr Archie and Fontle, Johannsen, 2D hours
from Stewarts Point.
Saturday. September 22.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
The British steamer Samoa cleared yes
terday for Taku with a cargo valued at
$3S.,"30. including the following: SCO tons
feed, S35 horses, GOO ctls oats, 30 tons bran,
1 steam engine and various electrical sup
plies valued at $12,500.
Horses and Feed for China.
The schooner Helen M. Kimball cleared
yesterday for Pago Pago with a general
carpo valued at $3807, including the fol
lowing: Twelve cs liquors, 200 csks bottled
beer, 3 ppars, 37 pkgs millwork. 1 bdl cord
ape. 14 cs hardware. 720 lbs bread, 6") cs
canned goods. 237.000 feet lumber, 150 posts,
96 pkgs dried fruit. 1 cr stoves, 10 bdls
oars, 1 boat.
A Cargo for Samoa.
Tao Nippon Maru took out a treasure
list of $44. r ».542, consisting of $322.S42 in
Mexican dollars and $126,600 in silver bul
lion.
Treasure Shipment.
The Moana brought *up from Sydney
$2,677,730 In sovereigns, making a total
thus far this year from this source of
$*,5S4.314. against $50,5S9,000 for the same
time last year.
Gold From Australia.
The ships Edward May, Emily F. Whit
ney. Mohican, 8. N. Castle and the S. Q.
Wilder will load merchandise for Hono
lulu: the Falls of Clyde, merchandise for
Hilo: the German steamer Frankfort,
horses and forage to China for the Ger
man Government; the J. C. Pfluger. lum
ber from Eureka to Sydney. 65s: the La
Fontaine, wheat from Portland to Eu
rope, 42s 6d, If to Bordeaux or Hamburg
2s 6d extra prior to arrival; the Wooll
hara, lumber from Eureka to Sydney, E2s
6d, prior to arrival.
Charters.
11.S00 lbs shot, E7 bdls snooks, 252 bales
sacks, 1975 bales salt, 154 steel rails, 415
steel plates. 25 bbls 5 cs whisky, 426 gals
4 cs wine, 9 pkgs railroad material, 100,390
lbs tanbark.
For Manila— 2S5 cs canned goods. 5230
gals blackberry brandy, 1000 casks bottle;!
beer, Jo pkgs codfish. 9 pkgs phonograph.
11 cs photo goods. 1981 lbs glucose, 4 cs
hardware, K5 pkgs dried fruit, 2000 cr po
tatoes, &00 cr onions, 100 cs whisky. 50
bales sacks, 200 cs 15 bbls liquors, 40 cs
ale and stout.
For Vladivostok — 290 cs canned goods,
35 tins bread. 4930 lbs dried fruit, 6 cr ve
hicles. 2 pkys saddles, 25 pkgp machinery.
2 cs hardware, 2 pkgs tin.
For Korea— 18 bales eacks, S pkgs ma
chinery, 39 pkgs groceries and provisions,
80 cs lubricating oil, 247 cs hardware, 750
lbs potash.
In transit for China— 20 cs old metal, 730
pes fire tubes, 170 pea anchor tube«.
In transit for Japan — 30 cs medicines.
HONGKOXO- Arrived prior to Sept 22— Stmr
Gaelic, from San Francisco, via Honolulu and
Yokohama.
VLADIVOSTOK-Sailed Bept 18-Stmr Tyr,
for Portland, Or.
KUTCHINOTZU— Sailed Sept 14— Stmr Nor
man Isle, for Vancouver. Sept 20 — Btrar Buck-
Ineham. for Vancouver.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Sept 22-Stmr Campania,
for New York.
BREMEN— Sailed Sept 22— Stmr Grosser Ker
fuerst, for New York.
HAVRE — Sailed Sept 22— Stmr I/Aquitain«,
for New York.
ANTWERP-Salled Sept 22— Stmr Southward
for New York.
CHERBOURG- Sailed Sept 22— Stmr St Louis,
from Southampton, for New York.
Mate of Mizpah Killed, Boatswain of Columbia
Drowned and a Schooner Bottom Up
Sighted — Wisconsin Sails.
STORIES OF DISASTERS
COME IN FROM THE SEA
In Captain Wlnslow's storerooms were
found a number of Chinese tea sets
marked with the name of his Chinese
servant. /The Mongolian had his name
also on a half dozen embossed pictures
and he claimed that ne had brought "lots
over before and no trouble."
The find of the day, however, was made
by Inspector Davidson. Stored away
among the medical stores were two trunks
parked Colonel Meade and Captain Rit
tenhouse. In each trunk were found sev
eral suits of fur garments valued at sev
eral hundred dollars. The marines, being
the first to enter Tientsin, had every op
portunity to loot and, judging from the
amount of stuff boxed and addressed to
the officers of the marine corps, they let
no chance slip.
The pay department, chief engineer's
department and that portion of the ship
under the direct control of Lieutenant
Coflin were the only parts of the vessel
where the inspectors found no goods.
Dr. Steppe was particularly unfortunate
in that while he brought nothing for nim
self he was kind enough to take chanre
of several packages left in his care, prom
ising to deliver them to the people to
¦whom they were addressed. The inspect
ors relieved him of the responsibility yes
terday. On opening the packages which
the doctor had In his charge silK and
Chinese garments were found.
The inspectors brought thirty-eight pack
ages of goods found In the Solace to this
city yesterday on the noon trip of the
steamer Montlcello. It Is a matter of
note that while the crew gave up without
any talk all dutiable goods In their pos
session the officers endeavored at all times
to throw the inspectors off the track.
.It remained for the force of Inspectors
who Etayed aboard the transport Solace
to discover the main articles of value
concealed In the ship. Yesterday Inspect
ors Davidson, Leahy nnd Lorenzen broke
open the storeroom connected with the
medical department of the vessel and un
earthed thousands of dollars' worth of
Oriental finery oa which no duty had
been paid.
Thirty-Eight Packages of Smuggled
Goods Brought to San Francisco
Yesterday on the Mon
ticello.
Thousands of Dollars' Worth
of Goods Turned Up
in Storeroom.
INSPECTORS ON
SOLACE MAKE
NEW FINDS
Southern California has benefited by pursu
ing a liberal policy In Inviting and encourag
ing the advent of outside capital. Where
local capital is Inadequate, it is beneficial to
all to welcome the outside Investor, and where
Mineral Wealth, published at Redding,
Shasta County, is trying to coax the
northern counties of California to exert
themselves more toward showing that
they "are still on tne map." ' The South
west Miners' Association has appointed
a committee to arrange for a complete
exhibit of metals and minerals from
Southern California at the next annual
meeting of the International Mining Con
gress, to be held at Boise City next July.
Mineral Wealth says:
It was but a short time ago. to be reckoned
In weeks, when there was not a stamp drop
plr.g In the county. With the extensive devel
opment going on, which Is backed by capital
not recklessly expended, and which is not risked
without more than a probability of its being
materially increased, a truly bright and pros
perous future seems opening up for old Mari
posa. In former days gold was taken from her
many mines in astounding quantities, and it
is not claimed even by the most thoughtless
that the supply Is exhausted. With machinery
vastly superior to that used In early days It Is
no more than reasonable to believe that as yet
the county has yielded but a very small per
centage of her mineral wealth.
Hardly a week passes in which renewed inter
est in this county Is not manifested. The de
velopment work being done by the Mariposa
Commercial and Mining Company is on a more
gigantic scale than that of any other one com
pany or owner in the county, and while more
attention Is paid to the operations on their
properties than tq others, still they are in pos
session of but a small part of the mining in
terests of the county. In all directions, from
tho copper mines In the southern part of the
county to the mines north and east of Coulter
vllle, come reports of work being recommenced
on old mines and the location and development
of new claims. • • •
The Marlposan editorially dwells on
the mining operations In Mariposa Coun
ty. It says:
The London correspondent of the New
York Commercial sees a large demand
for copper In the near future, owing to
many conditions. He says: "The great
developments now taking place In Eng
land in the application of electric trac
tion and power, the additional telegraph
cables about to be laid (including the Pa
cific cable of 8800 miles, estimated to re
quire some 4000 tons of copper), the largo
quantity of copper used for ammunition,
and the additional 5000 tons required for
the manufacture of sulphate of copper
during the next six months, will neces
sitate a great increase in the consump
tion of copper In this country for the rest
of this year."
In Summit County surprising discoveries are
of frequent occurrence. A case in point Is a
recent strike of free gold ore In the Germania
mine, which has heretofore been noted for Its
high-grade silver and lead product. In follow
ing the main silver vein a streak of iron was
encountered^ln which free gold was found, from
which grab'and average ramples returned as
says of 75 and 20 ounces of gold, respectively.
It is the frequency of discoveries of this kind
In all the leading sliver producing camps of
the State that gives continued new Impetus to
the development of the mines and adds no in
considerable part to the mineral wealth of Colo
rado.
AVhere gold and Bilver are mined together, in
some Instances the value of one equals that of
the other, and in some cases, as in the big
mines of Leadville, the sold exceeds. A recent
illustration which foreshadows wonderful reve
lations in what was once the leading orthodox
Ellver camp in the State was recently furnished
by noted pioneer silver mines of Georgetown.
At the 6C0 level of one of them a streak vary
ing from 15 to 30 Inches was encountered where
the solid vein ore ran $25 per ton, silver and
gold, but from the streak the returns were 5.7
ounces in gold per ton. In the other a similar
strike was made, where the solid ore yielded
a combined value of $60, of which 15 ounces
were In silver and the greater part of the resi
due was gold. In other portions of Clear Creek
County it is one of the characteristics of the
mines that gold and sliver are found togethei;
in constant association from the shallow work
ings to the deci> levels.
A correspondent writes that the gold
product of the Cripple Creek district this
year will amount to $30,000,000. The same
authority calls attention to the "trans
formation of the sliver mines in several
Colorado districts Into gold mines." He
says:
"While this proposition," says the
journal before mentioned, "partakes
somewhat of the practice of the
old style shoemaker of making the
foot lit the shoe rather than the shoe lit
the foot, yet it strongly evidences the
fact that the capital of the East is begin
ning to seek the mines instead of the
mines seeking capital, which has been the
experience since the industry of mining
began in America, The era of speculative
Investment In Industrial enterprises seems
to be nearing an end, and timid capital,
if not evincing a desire to 'get from un
der,' at least is finding difficulty in mak
ing investments with fair promise ot
safety and liberal dividends; hence It
turns to other avenues, and none are
found so promising as those leading- to the
mines."
That mining Is on the boom Is satisfac
torily evidenced by tho fact that during
the lirst eight months of the present year
the dividends paid out by mining com
panies as reported amounted to $27,155,530,
which is 8 per cent upon the total capital
stock of the companies reporting.
There is ample evidence that mining Is
attracting a much greater share of atten
tion in New York than was the case a
few years ago. The Western Mining
World calls attention to a. press dispatcn
to the effect that a syndicate of ten
wealthy men has provided a fund of
$100,000 for search and prospecting, which
they have placed in the hands of a promi
nent mining engineer, who will look for
valuable mining properties in tho West.
"Mining Is booming everywhere except
In New York City." This is the verdict
of the American Mining News, and the
text is sufficient to lead tho Journal to ad
vocate tho establishment of. a national
mining display In New York. Money Is
plentiful in the metropolis. That Is one
argument used. Another of the pictur
esque sort is that In New York "there Is
more ignorance concerning tho mineral
wealth and prospects of the United States
than anywhere else."
Coming Convention of California
Hiners' Association in This City
"Will Have JLive Topics
to Consider.
Large Developments Taking
Place in Every Portion
of the Country.
MINING BOOM IS
ATTRACTING THE
EASTERN PEOPLE
The Calaveras Prospect says that the
opening cf tbe Lucky Roy or Walters
mine on the Copperopolls road promises
much for San Andreas. The ineorpora
tors are nearly all Boston people. The
Lucky Boy is between the TTtica and the
Gwin mines and is about the same dis
tance irom each.
State Printing: Office was closed. "WTi"f
there must be some errors owins to tftfj.
lapse of time and changes since "they wercf*
prepared, they contain much information
cf value. ' ...
The Calaveras Prospect reports that the
extension of the Sheep Ranch mine has
been found. Work on the Central Hill
gravel mine has been suspended for th<*
season. _
The Densmoro mine in Tuolumne County
will be worked on a larger scale than
heretofore. Large dei'eloprcent work 13
proceeding in a group of mines near tha
old Riverside mine.
The county registers of mining, compiled
by State Mineralogist Cooper, are at last
comlnp from the press and the maps will
soon follow. They were held up when the
The Caminettl law and the Injunction
suits concerning: several hydraulic mines
will take up some of the time of the con
vention.
The association could maintain a. uurran of
general mining information, do much to broad
ly advertise the industry, and Us headquarters
should be the constant meeting place ci" visit
ing mining men from all over the Statt. A« It
is the work of the secretary Is a severe tax
on his time and business. To make the as
sociation the constant and active loree it
might be plainly requires the undivided t.me
of an efficient executive officer.
One of the many thing's the association could
do is the establishment of a registration bureau
for the miners, mlllmen, foremen, aaiayers,
mining engineers, surveyors and so on, by
which employers and employes could be brought
tctether. Durin* the past two years I hare
kept such a register and nave filled probably
seventy-Ove positions of all kinds through
people registering for employment and employ
ers coming or writing In search of help. Thia
work could be jroatly expanded If t.it neces
sary time could b« constantly given to li.
The annual convention of the California
Miners' Association will be opened in this
city Monday, November 16. and will con
tinue three days. Secretary E. H. Benja
min has sent out official notice. The call
for the meeting: is signed by President W.
C. Ralston and Secretary Benjamin.
Therein a large attendance of delegations
Js requested and the customary reduction
In rallv/ay fares Is announced. Among the
topics to be considered by the convention
Is that of securing a new State mining- lo
cation law from the next Legislature. The
conflict between the scrlppers and the
Elacer locators of mineral oil lands will
e a topic of Interest. The constitution
and by-laws of the association may be
revised to effect a partial reorganization.
Mr. Benjamin says the association needs
a salaried secretary to carry out In detaJl
the work ordered by It. The result would
be a large Increase In the membership,
which ought to be at least 15,000. The
present membership la between 9000 and
10,000. Mr. Benjamin also makes the fol
lowing suggestions:
The six Southern California counties of Los
Angeles. Kern, Riverside, San Bernardino, San
Diego and Ventura produced $1,616,208 in 1SS9.
The six N'orth«?rn California counties— Shasta.
Trinity, Sisklyou. Lassen, Humboldt and E>*1
Norte— produced $6,369,446 durinpr the same year.
These figures cover the production of gold, sil
ver and copper and show the comparative
value of the two districts, and yet we are si
lent, while cur southern neighbors are publish
ing to the world the advantages offered in
their section for the investment of mining
capital.
the big operators pursue a liberal policy It re
dounds to their benefit as well as to the dis
trict at large. The experience in mining or re
ducing ores in a certain district gleaned by
one operator la beneficial to all. The\ large
camps of Montana and Colorado are examples
of this character of reciprocity. Intelligent
relflshness, therefore, should bring about a
change of method in this end of the State—
we should be as active as our Southern neleh
bors, as we will surely not suffer from com
parison.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1900.
TO SAIU
20
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Rival WUlapa Harbor Sep. 23
Washtmaw .... Tacoma Sep. 23
Czarina Seattle Sep. 24
Et. Paul Cape Nome Sep. 24
Corona San Diego Sep. 24
City of Puebla. Victoria Sep. 24
Pomona Humboldt Sep. 24
Barracouta .... Acapulco Sep. 23
Bristol Oyster Harbor Sep. 25
¦Jaqua Eureka Sep. 26
Willamette .... Seattle Sep. 26
Arcata Coos Bay Sep. 26
Mackinaw Seattle Sep. 26
Newbure Grays Harbor Sep. 26
Bonlta Newport Sep. 26
Eureka Kumboldt Sep. 28
Point Arena Point Arena Sep. 2/
Crescent City.. Crescent City Sep. 27
State of Cal.... Portland Sep. 27
Del Norte Portland Sep. 27
Mlneola Nanalmo Sep. 27
North Fork .... Humboldt Sep. 27
Emplro JCoos Bay Sep. 27
Curacao (Mexico Sep. 28
Santa Rosa iPan Dlejro Sep. 2S
Coptic China and Japan Sep. 2H
Walla Walla... Victoria Sep. 29
Steamer. I Destination. Sails. Pier.
Umatllla .. Victoria Sep. 23. 11am Pier 0
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Sep. 24. 2 pm Pier 2
Coo«i Bay.. Newport Sep. 24, 9 am Pier 11
Columbia .. Portland Sep. 25. 11 am Pier 24
Pomona ...Humboldt Sep. 25. 2 pm Pier 9
Rival Wlllapa Sep. 16. 6 pm Pier 2
Corona ... San Virgo Sep. 28. 11 am Pier 11
Arcata ICoos Bay Sep. 27. 12 m Pier 13
Eureka .... I Humboldt Sep. 27. 10 am Pier 13«
Czarina .. .{Seattle S.^p. 27 Pier 6
San Juan. .INew York 1 Sop. 23. 12 m PMSS
City Puebla! Victoria !Sep. 28, 11am Pier 9
Honfta INVwpnrt iSep. 23. 9 am Pier 11
St. Paul...|Cape Xomc.lSep. 29 1
Santa RosalBan Diego |Sep. 30. 11 am Pier 11
D I Time Time Time Time
£. Ft. Ft. Ft. I Ft.
» L W H W L. TV H W|
3... 4:40 1.3 11:15 B.4 5:131 1.1 11:41 4. 8
U ... 5:08 l.«! 11:43 5.4 5:47 0.9
H \V] |L H XV L. r
!5 ... 0:24! 4.71 6:S5 1.9i li:08 5.3 6:20 0.7
!6 ... 1:07 4.51 6:05 2.2 12:32 5.2 6:33 0.6
!7 ... 1:55 4.3 fi:3P 2.P 12:58 5.2 7:41 0.5
IS ... 2:431 4.1 '7:15 2.S l:2fl 5.1 8:30 0.6
•9 ...I 3:4?! 4.01 8:00 3.0 2:00 5.1 9:25 0.S
DATE. -
Second Feet.
18D3. I 1900.
1M1
~r
i<inn
September 9
September 10
September 11
Pept ember 12
September 13
September 14 ;
September 15
I!JJ.
3t»S0
39S0
3SS0
35S0
3980
3'JSO
3SS0
1VW.
4170
3flS0
S9S0
39S0
3980
3980
3380
DATE.
Second Feet.
1893. I 19007
September 9
September 10
September 11
September It
September 13
September 14
September 15
250
215
215
215
250
215
215
360
3G0
320
320
2S3
2S5
320
DATE.
Second' Feet.
1S99. 1900.
September 9
September 10
September 11
September 12..'
September 13
September 14 ...
September 16
220 250
220 230
220 210
170 fio
130 210
130 210
130 210
Second Feet. 1
DATE. 1- Mn'i? Co. Total
1S93. 1900. Canal. 1900.
Bept. 9.. U 1 • 12 is
Sept. 10 39 15 12 27
Sept. 11 M 15 12 27
Sept. 12. S4 I 12 19
B<"pt. 18 54 7 12 19
S*-pt. 14 69 • 7 a I 19
Sept. 15... 69 7 1J 19
I Second Feet.
DATE.
1S93. I 1900.
— —
September 9
Sept ember 10
September 11
September 12 ;
September 13
September 14
September 15
90
"0
90
130
130
&O
90
GO
50
50
f.O
E0
60
50
DATE.
Second Feet.
1893. I 19007
September 9
September 10
September 11
September It
September 13
September 14
September 15
250
215
215
215
250
215
215
360
3G0
320
320
2S3
2S5
320
DATE.
Second' Feet.
1S99. 1900.
September 9
September 10
September 11
September 12..'
September 13
September 14 ...
September 16
220 250
220 230
220 210
170 fio
130 210
130 210
130 210
Second Feet. 1
DATE. 1- Mn'i? Co. Total
1S93. 1900. Canal. 1900.
Bept. 9.. U 1 • 12 is
Sept. 10 39 15 12 27
Sept. 11 M 15 12 27
Sept. 12. S4 I 12 19
B<"pt. 18 54 7 12 19
S*-pt. 14 69 • 7 a I 19
Sept. 15... 69 7 1J 19
I Second Feet.
DATE.
1S93. I 1900.
— —
September 9
Sept ember 10
September 11
September 12 ;
September 13
September 14
September 15
90
"0
90
130
130
&O
90
GO
50
50
f.O
E0
60
50
DATE. -
Second Feet.
18D3. I 1900.
1M1
~r
i<inn
September 9
September 10
September 11
Pept ember 12
September 13
September 14 ;
September 15
I!JJ.
3t»S0
39S0
3SS0
35S0
3980
3'JSO
3SS0
1VW.
4170
3flS0
S9S0
39S0
3980
3980
3380
D I Time Time Time Time
£. Ft. Ft. Ft. I Ft.
» L W H W L. TV H W|
3... 4:40 1.3 11:15 B.4 5:131 1.1 11:41 4. 8
U ... 5:08 l.«! 11:43 5.4 5:47 0.9
H \V] |L H XV L. r
!5 ... 0:24! 4.71 6:S5 1.9i li:08 5.3 6:20 0.7
!6 ... 1:07 4.51 6:05 2.2 12:32 5.2 6:33 0.6
!7 ... 1:55 4.3 fi:3P 2.P 12:58 5.2 7:41 0.5
IS ... 2:431 4.1 '7:15 2.S l:2fl 5.1 8:30 0.6
•9 ...I 3:4?! 4.01 8:00 3.0 2:00 5.1 9:25 0.S
Steamer. I Destination. Sails. Pier.
Umatllla .. Victoria Sep. 23. 11am Pier 0
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Sep. 24. 2 pm Pier 2
Coo«i Bay.. Newport Sep. 24, 9 am Pier 11
Columbia .. Portland Sep. 25. 11 am Pier 24
Pomona ...Humboldt Sep. 25. 2 pm Pier 9
Rival Wlllapa Sep. 16. 6 pm Pier 2
Corona ... San Virgo Sep. 28. 11 am Pier 11
Arcata ICoos Bay Sep. 27. 12 m Pier 13
Eureka .... I Humboldt Sep. 27. 10 am Pier 13«
Czarina .. .{Seattle S.^p. 27 Pier 6
San Juan. .INew York 1 Sop. 23. 12 m PMSS
City Puebla! Victoria !Sep. 28, 11am Pier 9
Honfta INVwpnrt iSep. 23. 9 am Pier 11
St. Paul...|Cape Xomc.lSep. 29 1
Santa RosalBan Diego |Sep. 30. 11 am Pier 11
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Rival WUlapa Harbor Sep. 23
Washtmaw .... Tacoma Sep. 23
Czarina Seattle Sep. 24
Et. Paul Cape Nome Sep. 24
Corona San Diego Sep. 24
City of Puebla. Victoria Sep. 24
Pomona Humboldt Sep. 24
Barracouta .... Acapulco Sep. 23
Bristol Oyster Harbor Sep. 25
¦Jaqua Eureka Sep. 26
Willamette .... Seattle Sep. 26
Arcata Coos Bay Sep. 26
Mackinaw Seattle Sep. 26
Newbure Grays Harbor Sep. 26
Bonlta Newport Sep. 26
Eureka Kumboldt Sep. 28
Point Arena Point Arena Sep. 2/
Crescent City.. Crescent City Sep. 27
State of Cal.... Portland Sep. 27
Del Norte Portland Sep. 27
Mlneola Nanalmo Sep. 27
North Fork .... Humboldt Sep. 27
Emplro JCoos Bay Sep. 27
Curacao (Mexico Sep. 28
Santa Rosa iPan Dlejro Sep. 2S
Coptic China and Japan Sep. 2H
Walla Walla... Victoria Sep. 29
WONDERFUL MEXICAN
girl Healer
BLINDNESS. LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA.
PARALYSIS. AND CASKS GIVEN
UP BY PHYSICIANS SUCCESS-
FULLY TREATED.
WONDERFUL CURES BEINO MADE
DAILY.
INFORMATION AND TESTIMONIALS
AT OFFICE.
PRIVATE TREATMENTS DAILY FROM
9 A. M. TO 5 P.M.
¦" Baldwin" Annex-
930 MARKET STREET,
OPPOS/TE EMfOniUM.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
— of thi: —
— OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
PENNSYLVANIA FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA, IN" THS STATE OTP
Pennsylvania, r-n the 31st day of Dectm-
b*r. A. D. 1S09. and for the year ending oa
that day, as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California. Pursuant to
the Provisions of Sections 610 and 611 of tn« (
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur- :
nlahed by the Commissioner:
CAPITA!*
Amount of. Capital Stock, paid op in
Cash MOO. MOM
ASSETS. "
Real Estate owned by Company (2=3.800 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 7X9.900 CO
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $.tl5.a&0 M
Amount of Loans secured by pledg*
of Bonds. Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral XSt 900 00
Cash In Company's Office <.iO 23
Cash In Banks 1S9 139 M
Interest due and accrued on all '
Stocks and Loans 1.130 94
Interest due and accrued on Bonda
and Mortgages f_ffl (4
Premiums In due. Course of Collec-
tion 173.830 60
Total Assets .$3,175,** n
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $13,604 ft
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 184.954 S3
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. S.5S3 71
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $l,i2O,2t» 43;
reinsurance BO per cent 760,194 74
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,433,-
942 87: reinsurance- pro rata 7M.123 U
Amount reclalmable by tha Insured
on perpetual flre Insurance policies 317, CIS 17
All other demands against tha Com-
pany 4.000 00
Total Liabilities .$3,593,490 tS
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Stre
premiums $1,643^619 M
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 40,243 47
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 130.354 14
Received for Rents 3.173 84
I Total Income $1,877,333 13
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Flre Losses.... $1,223,528 79
Dividends to Stockholders 100,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 366,463 65
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for of fleers, clerks, etc 93,000 00
Paid for State, National and Local
Taxes H.224 63
All other payments and expenditures 33.924 11
Total Expenditures $1,942,141 U
Losses Incurred durln* the year. "
Flre - $1.23U5> 81
Risks and Premiums. Flre Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $21...821.929 $2,106.936 84
Net amount of Risks!
expired during the!
year 207,O r SSl 1.9«7.731 43
Net amount In force]
December 31. 1S33 1 334.6SJ.614 3. 006. K2 33
R. DALE BEXSON. President.
JX. GARDNER CROW ELL, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 17th
Cay of January. 11*00. THOS. J. HUNT
Commissioner fcr California at Philadelphia.
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
STATEMENT
U1NIOIN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA, IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber. A. D. 1S39, and for the year enillnR on
that day. as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California. Pursuant to
the Provisions of Sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished" by the Commissioner:
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash $200,000 00
Total Assets $551,334 13
LIABILITIES.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $16O,0C0 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 9,feC0 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company............. 321.H1 73
Cash In Company's Office 1.435 22
Cash In Banks 23.S12 64
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 241 63
Interest due and accrued on Bends and
Mortgages 150 00
Premiums in due Course of Collection. 52,275 70
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Flre and Marine Risks 1,120 82
Due from Managers at San Francisco. 10,513 87
Cue from perpetual Insurance on
building 742 50
Losses adjusted and unpaid $10,831 55
Losses In process of Adjustment or In
Suspense "8.47S 65
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or lens, JIS3.749 82; re-
Insurance SO per cent 94,371 91
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running
more than one year, S197.C96 2S; re-
Insurance pro rata 102,024 87
Amount reclalmable by the Insured on
perpetual flre insurance policies 33,532 54
All ether demands against the Com-
pany 12.63115
Total Liabilities .J279.S13 63
INCOME. •
Net cash actually received for Flre
premiums t $239,673 82
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgagts 632 50
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from all
other sources 17 2S5 73
Received for Rents 2,907 54
Total Income Cl
EXPENDITURES. ===
Net amount paid for Flre Losses (In-
cluding S34.S07 44, losses of previous
years) $190 683 49
Dividends to Stockholders 12 tKW 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage S2 048 34
Paid for Salaries, Pees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 35.431 SS
Paid for State. National and Local
Taxes 9 515 58
All other payments and expenditures.. 24,990 39
Total Expenditures $323,132 57
Losses Incurred during the year. HreT7$lS3.3lS 51
Risks and Premiums. Flre Risks. Premiums.
Net amount i of Risks
written during the
y?" V'-yV,-,",;- K0.B90.5M $313.388 76
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
rear ».391,S:5 154.203 53
Net 1 amount In force
December 31. 1539..... 27.7S9.005 3S8.346 10
C S. IIOLL1XSH5AD. President."
K. R. DANNELS. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 20th
day of January, 1000.
MANLON D. YOUNG, Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEP'T,
510 California St.
T. EDWARD POPE, Manager.
R. W. OSBORN, Assistant Manager.
PACIFIC COAST DEP'T, ;4
R. W. OSBORN, Assistant Manager.
510 California St.
T. EDWARD POPE, Manager.
\ V» Jty&iif. y y|| SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
: ° pract " con " ratlon
//// We rure Lost Manhood and
7Z //As weakn( * ss wh !ch accompanies It.
tPj$V£M //XS' » Iso Special Dis-asfs. Varlco-
2»5»^r\ ?^^LS^mw?M^CwTX 1%7/C' ° el *"' strlctur^- Ji'"" 011 Poison.
>v / V^^Mi'ife^V Vs%fe- Patients may rav wh^n w#ll or
f\J? V^ Vr ln monthl y Installments. H,irr.«%
>'/¦/ \ ->t~<a!. \- -^~~ r T»j^'j"^-S!y^'-C^ ;>; — <"ur<»s a specialty. Privitf bonlc
* tk K^S^SaaSsSk? spondence conncientlal.
ELEVATOR I HQ a MARKET STREET, f Hour»-s to 5. D.ny.
ENTRANCE. | I O I^san francisco. ] ? ¥ 2S^ T to Ji
ADVERTISEMENTS.
r •>!,Entertained for Sufferers.
U. Weiner .— 3 00
W. TV. Moors 3 00
G. E. Baraty - 2 00
Max Cahen & Co 2 60
S. Schoenberg 2 bo
Thomas E. Kent 2 M
C. G. Kemmerer 2 00
S. Damner 50
John Reid _ Son 2 'M
O'Connor & Kellcher 2 50
L. J 50
B. Co 100
J. Pohelm 5 00
C. II. Rehnstrom 5 00
Block & Georges 2 50
0. W; Xoidivell N 2 50
Alexander & Kohn 5 00
Cash 100
A. M. Ferley 50
John Cols.in 50
Ponls Cauepa 50
Cash 50
Podesta :... 100
Mrs. I\ Priet 5 00
A. Berta 1C0
A. Fauvre 50
J. Vi_cireau SO
1. Beauryson 60
Albouge 50
Hypollt* 25
Labouruette 50
L. Garrisue 25
H. Artimon _5
I. Beaiirj-son 50
Old Poodle Dog 5 00
G. Pourhan & Co 10 00
Pelsol iiros 2 00
Jack's Rotisserle » 5 00
Joan jo
Frank Pnrtlette 2 00
Babblste ;>>
Ansc'.me-Mesple 1 00
Henry Rellmann ' 100
Ivouls 100
Sylvain Gaireguer 50
Paul Cassaffnee 50
Francois .. • 100
Baslle Abadte 25
C___c Pone? 23
Albirt Lnscjue 1 00
Paul Piltlle 100
Belmontco 20 00
K. Kohler 50
Ulrieh Prevost 100
Nevada Kestaurnnt 5 00
Harris Bros. & Co 10 00
Auburn Citizens' and Masonic Lodges.. 100 50
J. V. B o 00
Gas consumers 100 00
O. S. M 500
C. K N SCO
Executivecommittee and subscribers of
Italian colony for the commemoration .
of King Humbert's death 267 70
Henshaw. Bulkley & Co 2T> 00
George E. Dow Pumping Engine Co.... 23 00
MarEchutz & Kantrell 20 00
Mclntosh _ Wolpman 5 00
Total subscriptions for to-day $2,758 95
Total subscriptions received to date.$_,187 60
In addition to this sum the Union and
Tribune funds of San Diego forward
respectively $668 50 and $135 40. Sonora
netted $214 from a benefit and an enter
tainment in San Bernardino resulted in
the sum of $246 25 being turned over to the
fund. These sums, with $20 contributed
by the Red Cross, makes a total of $615 65,
bringing yesterday's subscriptions up to
$4374 60. The residents of Yosemite con
tributed $31 to the Mayor's' fund. Yester
day's total added to the total previously
received of $24,8-13 54 makes up the sum of
$29,318 14.
; Another $?jM was contributed to the
j State Relief Committee's fund for the
i Galveston sufferers yesterday. The
amounts contributed show no diminution
In the popular Interest. Each day's sum
is dispatched to Texas as soon as re
ceived. The total now t.= nearly *30.<X>0.
The following additional subscriptions
were received yesterday:
The Nevada National Bank $ 100 00
San Krancis<-o iSavinps Union 100 05
G.-rman Savings and Loan Society J'Ki 00
Anglo-California Bank, Ltd 100 00
-an Fran.-iseo National Bank WO 00
First National liar.k of San Francisco.. 1<jO 00
Crocker- Wool worth National Bank 100 (ft
Hibernia Savings ati'i Loan -Society 100 (W
j California Sale Deposit and Trust Co. 50 00
I Savints an'i Loan Society 00 («)
'Security Savings Bank 50 00
London and i»an Francisco Bank 50 0>)
Union Trust Co. of San Francisco 60 00
Mutual iravtngs Bank of San KrRneisco 50 00
<:omptr»ir Nai. d'KscGmpte d«? l"aris.. 25 00
Ci-rmania Trust Company 25 00
Columbian Hanking Company 23 00
Bank of BritUh Columbia &i) 00
>\ L». Zeile 25 00
W. R. Harries 25 00
lokohama Sptcie Hank. Ltd 23 00
French Savings Hank " 23 UO
Humboldt Savings and Loan Society... 25 00
Consolidated California and Virginia
Mining Company 20 00
Utah Consolidated Mining Company 20 00
A. H. Thompson 5 00
Sierra Nevada, Silver Mining Company. 20 0)
l nion Consolidate- Silver Mining Co.. 20 00
Could and Curry SiKer Mining Co 2t> 00
Occidental Consolidated Mining Co 10 00
Mexican Gold and Silver Mining Co.... 20 00
fciiver Hill Mining Company 20 00
Alpha Consolidated Mining and Milling
Company 30 00
Exchequer Mining Compeny 10 00
Oi'hir silver Mining Company 20 00
Conndence Silver Mining Company 20 00
Caledonia FiJver Mining Company .0 00
Overman Mining Company 20 00
C hollar Mining Company 20 00
Potosi Mining Company 20 00
U'Jllion Mining Company 10 00
Best and Belcher Mining Company.... 20 00
Alta Silver Mining Company 1000
Ju«iif-e Mining Comnany 10 00
Pacific Stock Exchange it. 00
Kentutk Consolidated Mining Co 6 00
\\. E. Dean 25 00
Consolidated New York Mining Co.... 5 01
Cath 5 00
Andes Silver Mining Company 10 OU
S. B. _ M. M. Co 10 0C
Savage Mining Company 20 00
Challenge Con. Mining Company 5 00
Con. Imperial , 5 qq
Crown Point 10 00
Belcher Silver Mining Company 20 CO
Julia Mining Company 5 00
C. Hirschfeld 10 00
Hale <& Norcron Silver Mining Co 10 00
Leon M. Hall 5 no
_. M. Levy in ™
m. e. Eniot :.:..:;::..::.::::: I %
William McPherson ,-> 00
K. L. Parker 5 00
Truckee River G. Electrio Co 25 00
M. D. Levenson 100
Charles Peter j 00
Pacific Fertilizing Company 5 00
C. E. Berringer 1 ©0
J. A. «"rura 51)
_. Uuhlman 1 00
C. P. Healey 6 00
Jr*rjih Walker 1 00
Wilier & Sons 2 00
American Box Factory '.. 1 00
Homers A Co 20 0Q
1). Baker -100
Cnatx & Bernard 2 00
J. H. Kruse 10 00
James Burke ¦ 1 00
A. _ Klein 1 00
Mrs. Musante 100
Kpan Brothers 100
\V. Bulhrrdietk J 50
Lar.fle- Brothers ; 2 50
KorronJ & Co [ 1 00
"Ppter Deming - ; B00*
P. S. O. Rourke 100
G. Graham ' 1 50
James MeCleamey 2 50
W. C. Ordway _. *... 2 60
Tom I>>*> •....*... 100
Bender Brothers . 6 00
S< helling Brothers 100
H. Schulken 100
F. C. Lauterrvater 2 60
C. Roth 2O0
Ontoni _ Co 50
J. O'Kfrt 200
Guf< L!n4auer 2 50
M. Enos 100
\V. Earner 2 00
Johncon & Brown 6 00
O. Vannuccl 2 00
Charles K. Goss 1 00
II. Outnen I 5 00
J. C. Vermeil 5 00
A. C. Mulligan 6 00
Western Meat Company 10 00
B. rtelss & Son 10 00
lows: Mis* TyOttie Haskell, Miss Florence
Frisbee, D. O. Church and Sanford
Lewald.
The Amount Now Reaches Close to
YESTERDAY'S SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Thirty-Thousand Mark.
2_ot- Aid for Sufferers.
Aa assembly and perman In aid of the
Galveston fund was given In Cotillion
Hail. 1—0 Polk ctrert, last night by the
pupils cf Professor Farell. A large num
ber were present and a good sum trill be
rfc___ed- The committee in charge fol-
city ha* -wired to Governor Sayers of
Texas $15,000 for the relief of the Gal
veston flood sufferers. This makes a total
of $70,218 donated by Philadelphia and con
tributions are still eumingln.
NEW YORK, S«>pt. 22— The fund of $1160
contributed by the pupils of the Jersey
City public schools for the hurricane suf
ferers has been sent in check form to the
Mayor of Galveston by Mayor Hobs. The
children also contributed nearly two car
loa.ds of clothing 1 and canned goods.
Big Slims of Money Have Been Sent
to Galveston.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 22.— The clti
rens' permanent relief committee of this
3_T Am OF THE S U Jb' r__A__t£.
church mpmbers are among th* flead. Thnse
who survive are financially ruined. The ques
tion !» be'.ns asked: Win Galveston rise from
th« wreck and ruin of to-day? Th«»r* is here
fn« of tixe great ports of the country- It is
the natural outlet an<l Inlet for Texas and the
great Southwest. li \here were to-day n«n
a building en this it!_nd--only the great prut
remaininp — Oalveston would live apaln. There
ie a. wave more Irresistible than that of the
Gulf — it is the tide of the world's commerce.
¦\V«t are net going to abolish pea port cities,
&rA If there is a port destined to permanency
-.nd greatness It Is this.
From the ruins o? to-day there will arl?e a
more beaut! Jul ani a greater Galveston. with
r. eeawall en-1 buildings built for wind and
w_ve.
Stall we Bar»ti5ti have a. church her*? -Tou
ree our utterly paralyzed financial oondition.
BMnejr. Our people are unable to repair the
tiamaped parsonage or their own h"m«, or even
to remove the dfbris from the church
'.< t. We ex>fe_ to you. Tour re*j>onso
cannot be t<x> <juick nor too large for
_M gigantic eltuation whlrh confront* u*. -Our
confidence In you does not i>ermlt up for one
rrvment to think that we shall appeal in vain.
Send contributions to our church treawurc-r,
W. F. Griffin. _22 Mechanic street. Galveston.
Texas. If you shouid lope or forget this ad
_ress, a communication addressed "First Bap
tist Church. Galveston, Texas," would reach
_* safely.
Dene by the church In conference this Sep
tember 16. 1S00. W. M. HARRIS.
Moderator.
F. "W. _ICH_TTZ. Church Clerk, rro tern.
Contributions Desired to Rebuild, the
Church at Galveston.
GALVESTON, Sept. _.— The First Bap
tist Church of Galveston has issued the
following appeal:
To the Baptists cf tlie country: Our church
fir.d chajv 1 are in ruins. A vacant lot would
t-« better; lo^s $3"."<X'. Thirty-one of our 4M
APPEAL SENT BY BAPTISTS.
AUSTIN", Tf ¦_.. Sept. _.— State Revenue
A«"_it Joe Jsjncsnn, tvho Trent to Galves
ton Itai— -Stai—jr after the storm and took
a position as Inspector on the staff of tho
adjutant general, returned here to-day
— n<5 rr.axje a full report of the situation in
the devastated city to Governor Sayers.
He staled that never before in the hi.'--
Tory of the world was such p'.uck shown
as is row being displayed by the people
of Galveston. Uespite the _reat difficul
ties that confront them all are of one
mind In the matter of rebuilding the city.
Mr. Jameson estimates that hardly a per
son who was a resident of Galveston and
survived the storm will remove from
there. Of those who were sent to Houston
and other places during the first few days
e-fter the disaster many are already re
turning and are preparing to re-establish
their homes. There is no longer any
exodus from the city. The nospita.ls ar«
empty and are being used to house the
destitute women and children who are
m-ithout homes. Carpenters ind contract
ors are arriving on every train and boat,
_ji<3 he tays Th«»re is ¦work for as many
of this class of artisans as can get oa
the island. The contractors who are re
moving the debris expect to have 2500
men at Trork by Monday morning.
Mr. Jameson says that up to this time
comparatively little of the debris has been
removed, lie says that there are doubt
less hundreds of dead human bodies stili
jn the wreckag-e and that the number yec
to be recovered til the eitv from the piles
rl debris may reach 2000. He estimates
That the minimum number of storm vic
tims in Galveston nnd the mainland ag
gregated lO.OW. Some conservative men
vrho have closely investigated the situa
tion p]ace the number of victims at 14,000.
_ eopl« of Galvestcn Axe Determined
to Bebuild the City.
CHEAT PLUCK IS DISPLAYED.
G— _^_9TON\ T«?x ., Sept. _;.— Sixty
four bodies were recovered to -day,
fifteen boing taken from one
building at Twenty-second and
Beach streets.
"With the exception of the abolishment
o_ the temporary hospital which wa* es
tablished in the United States Custom
house directjy after the storm there were
no developments in tho health situation
to-«5ay. The sick and injured who applied
fcrnreatment received attention. There
have been but few deaths since the storm.
So far but fifteen have been reported, all
of which were directly or Indirectly caused
by h_rts received during the etorm.
Record o_ One Day's Work an the Stricken City o_
Qalvestoe »*- Stace tine' Hurricane Fifteen
Persons Have Daed From UnjmrJes.
After his speech at Firth, Mr. -Bryan
drove to Haltam, a distance of nine miles,
and there made the last speech of the
day.
LINCOLN, Neb., Sept. 22.— Mr. Bryan
to-day continued his canvass of the First
Nebraska Congressional District, starting
out early in an automobile. 1 He intended
to make three speeches before returning
late to-night. The first stop was made
at Waverley, In Lancaster. County, where
he talked in a familiar strain as to old
neighbors, dwelling chiefly on the evils
of imperialism and militarism, as he views
these questions.
At Klrth Mr. Bryan addressed a crowd
composed mainly of Holland Dutch. He
was introduced by a speaker In theDutch
language^ His speech was in the main
an argument against the policy of the ad
ministration in the Philippines. He said
that after traveling more or less over the
United States he wa3 satisfied that the
country was big enough without taking
in the Philippine Islands.
In reply to an Inquiry from the crowd
as to whether he did not believe that we
should have a coaling station at Manila,
Mr. Bryan said that the Filipinos had al
ways stood ready to give us a coaling sta
tion there, "but," he said, "the trouble
Is that we have wanted to hold all the
land to see whether there was any coal
there," and In the language of a member
of Congress it was, he said, significant
that one of the first acts of the Govern
ment after Dewey's victory was to give
instructions to ascertain w r hether theie
was coal In the archipelago. This inquiry
was undertaken tn the summer, but if the
taking of the Philippines was the Lord's
work, what was the need of coal at tha.t
season of the year? If it was the devil's
work ho would, of course, need coal at
any season."
Says He Is Convinced the United
States Is Large Enough Wit-tout
Taking In the Philip
pine Islands.
Addresses Audiences at
i Waverley and Firth on
Regular Topics.
BRYAN STILL
TOURING HIS
OLD DISTRICTS
SIXTY-FOUR BODIES ARE
RECOVERED FROM THE DEBRIS
An Old Man's Attempted Suicide.
William McCready, 64 years old, residing
Mrs. Wilson was gifted with many at
tractive qualities and was interested In
charitable work. She leaves four sons,
one of whom. Dr. F. P. WUson. attended
her during- her illness.
Mrs. Samuel M. Wilson,; widow of the
late ' well-known civil attorney of.: that
name, died yesterday morning. She had
been 111 from' heart trouble for eleven
months. Yesterday morning , the crisis
appeared to have passed, but the hopo
proved a vain one and she died shortly
after 1 o'clock, p. m.
Mrs. Samuel Wilson Dead.
With a comfortable seat In an easy.rid
ing coach a trip' through Marln, Santa
Rosa, Russian River and Ukiah Valleys
becomes a positive pleasure, particularly
in this fall season when the vines are
laden with ripening grapes. Nature is
changing her colors and the country re
freshed with early rains. For such a ride
the excursion by the California North
:western .; Railway on Sunday, September
30th, affords the opportunity, each ticket
Insuring a "seat, as none will be sold In
excess of the number provided. Fare for
round trip $2.00. Leave Tiburon ferry at
8:30 a. m.; Ukiah. 5:00 p. m. Tickets now
on eale at 650 Market street (Chronicle
Building) and at Tiburxjn ferry.
Another Popular Excursion.
An Interesting fight for the possession
of "Santa Teresa," the alleged, divine
healer and guardian angel of the Yaqul
Indians, began yesterday afternoon when
Mrs. Beatrice Castro, 634 Chestnut street,
Oakland, who claims to be a personal
friend of the healer's family, swore to a
complaint before Judge Cabaniss charging
J. H. Suits, her manager, with keeping
her under control and against her will Jn
the Baldwin Annex. Mrs. Castro said
that "Santa Teresa" had complained to
her that she was virtually kept a prisoner
by Suits and she wanted to get her liber
ty. Mrs. Castro was accompanied by
Madame Young, the. spiritualist, and Mrs.
A. Rits, 502 Washington street.
The warrant was handed to Detective
Dillon and he was accompanied to the
Baldwin Annex by ex-Judge Treadwoll.
Treadwell saw "Santa .Teresa" and she
told him that she was there voluntarily
and had no desire to leave. Dillon is a
Bufferer from rheumatism. "Santa Te
resa" placed her hands on him and he de
clared that she cured himt but it did not
prevent hint from arresting Suits, who
put up $500 bonds and was released. lie
claimed that his. arrest was an outrago
and he was willing that "Santa .Teresa,"
who was under contract to him, should be
questioned by the official. Interpreter at
once as. to whether she was a prisoner.
The case will be called to-morrow morn
ing. .
J. H. Suits, Her Manager, Arrested
for Detaining Alleged Divine
Healer as a Prisoner.
FIGHT POR POSSESSION
OF SANTA TERESA BEGUN
Mr. L_ne also advises the Supervisors
that the resolution granting permission to
the Market-street Hallway Company to
operate its Fifth-street road by means
of electricity is le^al and the board has
the power to grant such a privilege. In
regard to the right of the Market-street
Railway Company to "electrize" its road
running along First and Battery streets,
using the streets for the erection of poles
and the stringing of wires. Lane says the
right to change one form of propelling
power to another, with the consent of
the municipal council, cannot De denied.
The charter does not exiireissly or Implledly
forbid overhead wires. The Board of Super
visor- may grant or withhold such privilege as
It may think best, or limit or control or res_
late such privilege either as to manner of use
or time of use. If the city, acting through Us
legislative body, denies the use of the streets
for overhead wires conveying - electric current
for ulrevt railroad Bervlce. no other board can
be comoelled by legal proceedings to grant a
permit for tuch use. On the other hand, If the
Board of Supervisors determines that such U'io
will be beneficial to the public, no other board
car. veto such determination.
That such "structures" as telegraph, electric
UrM or electric power poles were not intended
to come under the provision of the charter is
evident from other portions of the same para
graph unrtor which the Board of Public Work*
Is authorized "in conformity with the ordin
ances of the Board of Supervlnors to grant p<»r
inits Tor the erection of telegraph and lejfi
khor.e poles, and poles for electric light!.!*."
Such const! uctions were not to be regarded as
permanent encroachments. Electric railway
Doles are, in the language of the Supn.me
Court of Rhode Island, "to be regarded, not as
incumberins the streets, but an ministering to
their uses, and as increasing the facilities for
travel which thry afford to the public."
The opinion Is Interesting because there
is at present an ordinance in force pro
hibiting overhead wires in the downtown
district. Lane says that such structures
as telegraph, electric lisht or electric
power poles are not to be regarded as per
manent encroachments or an incumbrance
In any sense of th© word. The opinion
says:
City Attorney Lane handed down an im
portant opinion yesterday to the effect
that the Board of Supervisors has the
power under the charter to grant permits
for the erection of overhead -wires in any
part of the city. The opinion is the re
sult of an Inquiry by the board whether
the usS of the streets for overhead wires
constitutes a. permanent ' encroachment
under that provision of the charter which
prohibits the Board of Public Works from
prantinsr any permit for the permanent
encroachment upon any sidewalk or
Lane Says Electric Power
Poles Are Not Perma
nent Encroachments.
OVERHEAD WIRES
MAY BE ALLOWED
By SUPERVISORS
at 1121 Vermont street, attempted to kill
himself yesterday by opening the arterie3
in both his wrists and his jugular vein.
His son-in-law discovered him and had
him removed to the City and County Hos
pital, where medical assistance saved his
life. The old man has been somewhat de
mented of late.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 23. 1900.
The police officials' hotifled-ihe Coroner
late last night that a Miss Barry, resid
ing with her father at 11 Boardman place,
had died under circumstances warranting
an Investigation. The young lady had
been in delicate health for some time and
passed away last night. The father imme
diately locked the doors and vacated the
house. Neighbors tried to find him but
without success. The Coroner will take
charge of the remains.
Mystery for the Coroner.
The board has been informed by the
Auditor that there is no money available
for the payment of the balance of the
November demands of 1808. All teachers
are urged to unite to carry the constitu
tional amendment whereby the back sal
aries can all be paid. A mass-meeting of
teachers will be called the middle of Oc
tober to devise ways and means to insure
the carrying of the constitutional amend
ment. \
Principals of schools with mixed grades
are requested to specify In every monthly
salary report the exact number of pupils
belonging to each grade in such classes,
in order that proper salary demands may
be made for the teachers.
That In all consolidations of classes, when
evor the chronological order is not followed In
relieving teachers, the principals shall state
in writing satisfactory reasons for not do
ing so.
The rrild-term vacation Is fixed between Oc
tober 1 and 6, 1900, both days Inclusive.
Principals are authorized to receive volun
tary contributions from teachers and pupils
for the Galveston relief fund.
, The Board of .Education issued a cir
cular of instructions to principals yester
day. Their attention is called to the fol
lowing resolutions adopted py the board:
Must State Reasons if Chronological
Order Is Not Followed in Re
lieving Teachers.
INSTRUCTIONS ISSTJED TO
SCHOOL PRINCIPALS
A grand promenade concert was given
last night in the grand nave of the ferry
depot in aid of the Galveston relief fund.
The marine bands of the Pensacola and
Iowa were there and discoursed sweet
music throughout the evening.
A small admission fee was charged and
a largo crowd embraced the opportunity
of a cool promenade and chance to con
tribute something for the relief of the
Galveston sufferers.
Sailors' Band Concert.
To Aid Galveston Victims.
A grand benefit entertainment in which
many professionals participated was given
last night in Sherman & Clay Hall to
swell the fund for the Galveston sufferers.
The affair was got up by Miss Lillian
Forsythe and Miss Edith Crosett, the
latter's brother being one of those rescued
when the city was nearly destroyed. The
programme, directed by Slgmor Abramoff,
contained many excellent numbers.
Among- those who took part were: Arnold
Grazer and Hazel .Callahan, Little Cecil
Cowles, child pianist, Forsyth, Walton
and Forsyth, and the Knickerbocker
Quartet.
Burnaby Lodge No. 194, Sons of St.
George, pavo an entertainment and social
in Laurel Hall last night, the proceeds of
which will be devoted to relieving the dis
tressed in Galveston. A large audience
filled the hall, and specialties were given,
by J. Logan and the Holland sisters. R.
R. Chorley was floor manager and C. W.
Martin acted as chairman.
21
GRAPE-NUTS.
Dr. Egerton F. Card, ; specialist, in dis-
eases of the eye, ear, nose, throat/takes
pleasure in announcing that he has return-
ed from Europe and. has opened offices at
135 Geary (over Cityof Paris), hours, 2 to i*
San Francisco, Cal.
GENERAL AGENTS,
.411-413 California Street,
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMUNA BITTERS. THB
great . Mexican remedy; elves health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot, B3 Market
"I had for about two years been un-
der considerable physical and mental
strain, _nd my nervous system seemed
to utterly give way. I had some excel-
lent physicians, but their remedial
agencies failed to reach the case— at
best affording only temporary relief.
"At the time the family left my atten-
tion was called to Grape-Nuts food.
Several things had led me to believe
that my troubles were lareelv due to im-
proper nutrition. The absence of the
familv pave me a pood opportunity to
try the new food, for it is perfectly
cooked and therefore required no work
on my part.
"So I began to make two meals a
<*'3>\ supper and breakfast, on Grape-
Nuts and cream or milk, and had noth-
ing else. I confined myself to the
proper allowance, .not overeatine. The
improvement was marked, almost from
the first — my digestion was better, sleep
became regular and restful, and I began
to c-in flesh. I could soon do work
with less fatigue and more satisfaction.
"My rervous system has been won-
derfully improved, and to-day I weich
more than I have ever weiprhed. and find
my strength equal to all the responsibil-
ity. This is not all; on the return of
the family Grape-Xuts became a recrular
nrticle of food at the morniner hour.
The children ate it and improved.
"My wife, who was nursinz an infant,
discovered that after she besran usintr
Grape-Nuts rejrularly. for the first time
in many years Nature's food supply for
the baby was adequate without resortine:
to artificial subterfuges. Grape-Nuts
food not only carried us throueh the
sickly season, but has been a codsend to
oar entire family."
of Family.
Eer. J. B. Ley, pastor of the First
M. E. Church, South Tampa. Fla.. had
an interesting experience when his fam-
ily were compelled to leave on account
o! the yellow fever. He savs: "Last
September, when we were visited by a
yellow fever scare, my family left for an
indefinite stsj' in the interior.
Its Veltto Discovered During Absence
MINISTER'S FOOD.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
"lioLONO LIFE"
Say* Dr. llennett, "And Restore
IJnnl.ooO nnil Vitality fojT Menna of
the Only Rational Treatment,
Electricity" — An Unimpeachable
Amunient by the Eminent OI«»m»v-
erer of the World-Knmon- and K_-
elunlvely Patented Klectric Ilelt,
Which the Doctor Guaranteen to
Cure In Every <Jn«e He Canttonn
Yon 'Hint lit* SueceMn Han Called
Ont Innumerable Counterfeits and
WorthleK* Imitation*.
Hftve you robbed Natilre 7 Have you been
indiscreet? Are you a whole, round, healthy,
Btrong, vigorous man or
woman? My Electric % t '
Belt is a foe to disease t'^JHt^^^N
In every form. Apply I .t nraT_**VkA
the life-giving and life-.. //jiferT> T_t v\
saving current and be YSmRjL. *P) ')\
born again. My Belt cor- /fflW//\F {jUi
rects the nervous and KS§gkjR^'P*)™\
glandular systems of nipn \
and women. Throw med- /Vt§§§5§§$^_i 1
icine away — do not batter I Vy]S8i§§5wfl Ji
your stomach with drugs. ViTw/n^ilffli!?/ r I
Drugs cannot cure these //Jifl n pi^S I
weaknesses. I have let- I t^MW /////////JvJJhj\ <
ters from 10.000 weak men \ VrWw^'Mv i
and' women whom my f, jMllMQwaKJ/,^
Belt has curwl; t'.iey arev \|^V>vAyB»H'i
the best nnd strongest y\ \7*/y^J>^K y//
argument of an unpre ¦^^]J^^f^!sS^\\-/4r
cedented success I c&^'*~2^§-g&*~fr~fS)ky,/
offer. I guarantee abso- **>lPSrTft«\Wivw_<X
lute and unequivocal sat- / \i1W\\\\\\\\VwS_
isfaction in ever}' case. X 1 l\\\\\\\\\v\\l
It you have. misused Na- I llnuul)//
! tur'e you must ask Na- 1; \\\v\\\]|x
1 ture's forgiveness *•! VUu_l_
through her greatest
remedial agent— Electricity. Tou will not bo
disappointed.
BR. BENNETT'S ELECTRIC BELT
My Electric Belt Is entirely different from aJl
others and must not be confounded with them
and gives more than four times the current
of any other. -It has soft, silken, chamois-
covered sponge water-chamber, electrodes that
cannot burn and blister as do the bare metal
electrodes used on all other makes of belts.
It has interchangeable battery cells and can
be renewed when burned out for only. 73c; no,
other belt can be renewed for any price and !
when burned out Is worthless. My' Klectrlcal .
Suspensory for -the perfect cure of men'i ail-
ments free to each male patient. I absolutely
guarantee my Belt to cure Sexual Impotency,
]y>st Manhood, Varicocele, Spermatorrhoea and
all sexual weaknesses In either sex; restore
shrunken or undeveloped organs and vitality;
cure Rheumatism In every guise. Kidney, Liver
and Bladder Troubles, Chronic Constipation,
Nervous and General Debility. Dyepepsla. all
Female Complaints, etc.
Some concern* cover the bare
metnl ' electrode* and say they
nre - HVte mine. Do not ¦ Ue
lion-ed. Both the electrodes nnd
renewiiiB featnre ot my Belt nre
patented, letter* patent No*. 333,044
nnd U31,7_:i. «*.ml nre used on no
other electrical appliance than my
Uelt. I Runmntee my Belt to lant
a, life time and the current never
diminf »h. " yon have one of the
old style belt* thnt bnrns and blis-
ter*, or Rive* no current, or In burn-
ed ont nnd cannot he renewed, or I-
not curntlve. or If you. are afrHlil ot
the verdigris on the hare metal
electrodes, wend it to me a* half pay-
ment of one of mine. lltMvaic of
••Free Trial*" and "Pay When
Cured" concerns. I will nhow you
the trlcls.
Call or write to-day. Sacredly confidential.
I have written a book. "The Finding of the
Fountain of Eternal Youth," that will tell you
all about it. Sent free, postpaid, \ for the ask-
ing. Advice and consultation without cost.
Sold only by
Dr, Bennett ISS
Room* 5 and O. -47 Pont St., San Fran-
, . '•':.:'¦ cljco 4 Cftl. • „ •,
INSURANCE COMPANY |
OF GOTHENBURG, SWEDEN, i ON THE
31st day of December, A. D. 1839, and for
the year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
«S CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash $533,333 33
ASSETS. !
Real Estate owned by Company J668.000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 2,941,14114
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2,297,015 9«
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds*. Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral 1.108.637 37
Cash in Banks 137,132 30
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and. Loans 71.931 20
Premiums In duo Course of Collection 40,333 78
Due from Agents 181,192 62
Due from other Companies 283,242 90
Other Assets 9,194 43
Total Assets $7,737,843 72
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid \
Losses in process of Adjustment or
hi Suspense $140.000 00
Losses resisted, including ex-
penses
proa premiums on Fire Risks run-'
nlng one year or less; reinsur-
ance 50 per cent
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- (37,674 46
ning more than one year; rein-
surance pro rata J
Liability under Life Department..... 5.172.5M 27
Cash dividends remaining: unpaid 12.653 33
Due and to become due for bor-
rowed money - 63,333 33
All other demands against the Com-
pany -4S.J48 41
Total Liabilities V $8,262,557 M
~V : , •" INCOME.
Net. cash actually received for Fire
premiums ....$1,609,412 14
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages '.... 2S0.S03 11
Received from all other sources 1.023,083 24
Total Income $2,913,327 4)
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses $745,8<7 29
Paid or allowed for Commission or-
Brokerage 811.845 04
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 134,363 83
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 20.584 OS
All other payments and expenditures 1.4_.431 07
Total Expenditures $2,842,60125
Fire lossfes 'incurred during the year. 1 743, $67 29
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year-. •-. $430,375,504 $2,210.290 91
Net amount of Risks
expired during the - - ,. . •.,. .
year 205.997,315 1.016,439 «7
Net amount in force '
December 31. 1599 222,561,670 1.303.99191
_. , _____________
ERNEST BRING, Sec'y.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 30th
day\>f March, 1900. GUDM. AKERMARK.
Notary Public
SVEA
FIREANDLIFE
— OF<THE—
STAT IB 7V\ IB IN T
—OF THE— . , ; . ¦
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
AMERICAN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber, A. D. 1899, and for the year ending on that
day, aa made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the
Commissioner.. .
CAPITAL.
A CaT\.°. t .. C .??^.. St °? k .'.. P f. i . d ... P ..-? *50O,0OO 00
ASSETS. '
Real Estate owned by Company...... *408,4ol A
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 1,011.4 << <1
Cash Market Value of all • Stocks
and Bonds owned by Compstny 826,311 Z5
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral 63.1P0 00
Cash in Company's Office 9.246 OS
Cash in Banks •• 1-.9S3 «
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans KM
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages •• 15,4oo 64
Premiums In due Course of Collection 120,003 13
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken'
for Fire and Marine Risks, ground
rents, well secured... 21.820 00
Rents due and accrued o.sjj w
Total Assets 42.K-J.441 18
LIABILITIES. — — ~~
Losses adjusted and unpaid $62,58138
Losses in process of Adjustment or
. in Suspense 103.208 24
Losses resisted, including expenses... 4,59» 72
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
¦ nlng one year or less, $967,503 00; '.
reinsurance 60 p«»r cent 4S3.751 60
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $982,-
IH 05; reinsurance pro rata 495,548 81
Amount reclaimable by the insured
on perpetual Fire Insurance policies 569,820 94
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due.... lg.OOO 05
Total Liabilltie $1,737,606 62
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums 11,203,661 30
Net cash actually received for pre-
miums on perpetual Risks 20,971 94
Received for interest on Bonds and.
Mortgages •• 56,170 S8
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources 43.CS5 21
Received for Rents.... 10.W6 63
Received from all other sources........ . 7,953 11
i Total Income ...W.341.929 07
EXPENDITURES. ;
Net amount paid for Fire . Losses
(including $151,713 26, losses of pre-
vious years) $857.513 9*5
Deposit premiums returned 17,313 04
Dividends to Stockholders 40.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 255,597 98
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 49,200 00
raid for State, National, and Local ¦
taxes 46,68232
All -other payments and expend-' «¦
itures ••' 157,466 54
Total Expenditures ..$1,423,753 84
Fire, losses incurred during the year. $876, 1S6 02
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year ..:...... $140,846,046 $1,592,447 73
Net amount of Risks
expired during the ..
year... : _9,00O,3S7 1,475,138 64
Net amount In force
December 31, 1899 176,787.237 1,950.087 05
' THOS. H. MONTGOMERY, Pres't.
' , RICH'D MARIS, Sec'y.
Subscribed and sworn -to before me. this 29th
day ot January, 1900. H. F. REARIK)N,
"*• Notary Public.
EDWARD BROWN ...& SONS,
' GENERAL AGENTS,
. 411-413 California Street,
£a_ FranciBoo, C»V
-OF THB-
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
STATEMENT
DOCTOR
VICTORY
...FOR HIS .. .
Reporters report on the public test of DR. De FORD'S INTERMEDIATE
HOMEOPATHIC REMEDIES after careful examination, the tabulated result
of 95 per cent of all cases cured.
Dr. DeFord Proclaimed the People's Physician.
Strong words of praise from a grateful pa- I DR. DeFORD'S FAMOUS REMEDIES!
ti-X-t. . * -I
THEY ACT AT ONCE.
DR. DeFORD'S RHEUMATISM CURE-wlll
relieve in a few hours and cure in a few days.
Price 25 cents.
DR. DeFORD'S COUGH CURE— Is guaran-
teed to cure after all other remedies have
failed. Price 25 cents.
1 DR. DeFORD'S NERVE CURE— builds up
tho nerv e cells of every part of the body and
cures forever nervous debility and sleepless-
ness. Price 25 cents.
DR. DeFORD'S KIDNEY CURE—wlll restore
those organs to healthy action in 93 out of every
100 cases. Price 23 cents. He will forfeit J500.00
for every case of Eczema his BLOOD AND
cure, no matter how long- standing; no matter
how horrible the itching.
DR. DeFORD'S DYSPEPSIA CURE— is ac-
knowledged by all to be the only real cure for
DR. DeFORD'S CATARRH CURE— seldom
fails to cure even the oldest and worst forms of
this disease in any part of the body. Price 23
cents.
DR. DeFORr/S GENERAL DEBILITT
CURB— will restore th« appetite, enrich tire
blood and make you strong and well. Price
£5 cents.
DR. DeFORD'S HEART CURE— every _O«»
gives strength to the nervous, weak and crip-
pled heart. Price 25 cents.
DR. DeFORD'S CONSTIPATION CURB-
makes cennnnent cures— not & laxative that
moves your bowels to-day, to leave you worse
to-raorrow. Price 25 cents.
DR. DeFORD'S BLADDER CURE— StODB at
once the misery, pain, burning and frequent
urination that other remedies cannot even re-
lieve. Price 25 cents.
DR. DeFORD'S REGENERATOR— make*
weak men strong; builds up and restores the.
weak and degenerated spinal nerves. Price 50
cents.
And so on through the list of Dr. DeFord's
45 different specific and infallible cures, pre-
pared to cure 45 different diseases. They are
not cure-alls, but a separate cure for each dis-
ease, and all first-class druggists sell them at 23
cents a vial mostly.
Mrs. Elenora Simmons, the well-known auth-
oress, writes: "I suffered with a broken-down
nervous system, cataarh and impure blood with
eczema — thanks to the skill of Dr. DeFord and
his wonderful remedies, I am now entirely well
and feel almost young: again." . •
"With Dr. DeFord's Remedies every
one can be 'his own doctor — no guessing-,
no delay, no experiment, no poisonous
nauseous doses. The relief is Instant, the
cure certain, quick and permanent.
Dr. DeFord's Remedies are not ¦weak-
ening, injurious and uncertain in effect.
No cures for incurable diseases. Each
•one ia a specific, prepared for one disease,
and not cure-alls. They are remedies
tried and proven by thousands of cases
cured, and are guaranteed cures in every
case indicated. Each cure is plainly la-
beled, with all directions clear and simple.
45 different remedies for 45 different diseases. Dr. DeFord's Remedies are for sale at
nearly every drug store In the outlying resident sections of the city, and also at the follow-
ing well known and reliable stores:
Grant Drug Co., Third and Stevenson; Bayley*s Central Pharmacy. 227 Grant, cor. Bat-
ter; <3eo. A. Root, SE. cor. 6th and Howard; J. S. Potts Drug Co.. 1016 Market st; W. F.
Friedhofer, SE. cor. 16th and Howard: Withers Drug Co., cor. Valencia and 19th.
OAKLAND— Osgood Brosi. 7th and Bruadway.
ALAMEDA— Rlley'a Drug Store, 1437 Park st.
MOST ALL OTHER DRUGGISTS.
CAUTION TO THE PUBLIC— — ue to the large sale and increasing demand
for Dr. DeFord's Remedies unscrupulous dealers are offering 1 what they call "Just
as good." Be sure to get DeFord's and refuse all others.
No matter what your disease may be —
No matter how many doctors have treated you —
No matter how much medicine you have taken —
No matter how hopeles. your condition may seem —
WRITE TO . .. . HR PAIII DePflRn The Eminent
_fl\_ rrttL UCrUlyU, European Graduate,
FOR FREE MEDICAL ADVICE.
No. 175 North Spring Street, Los Angeles, Cal-
Personal letters to Dr. DeFord receive his confidential attention.
Remedies mailed to any address, postpaid, on receipt of price.
NOTICE TO VOTERS
FORTY-THIRD ASSEMBLY DISTRICT
1. 23 Eddy St. 8. ' 822 California St.
2. 38 Ellis St. 9. 403 Dupont St
1. 252 Geary St. 10. 441 Bush St.
'4. 137 Union Square 11. 849 Broadway St.
Ave.- • 12. 1103 Stockton St
6.- 30J Stockton St IX 1024 Clay St.
- 8. 573 Sutter St. 14. 1204 Mason St.
7. .313 Grant Ave. -i >-
FORTY-FOURTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
1. 1322 Stockton St. 9. 714 Filbert St.
2. 602 Broadway St 10. 803 Filbert St.
3. 1539 Mason St. 11. 511 Mont<omeryAr
4. 1628 Stockton St 12. 162<> Mason St.
5. 1628 Dupont S,t. 13. 2227 Taylor St.
6. 2C6 Francisco St. 11 1700 Leaven wort Y
7. 63d Lombard St St
5. "301 Bay St. . 15. 900 Greenwich St.
FORTY-FIFTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
1. 28 Trinity St. 7. 233 East St.
2. 335 Bush'St 8. 9 Pacific St.
3. 123 Leidesdorff St. 9. 330 Broadway St.
4. 14 and 16 Webb St. la .00 Pacific St.
6. 101 Montgomery Av. 11. 715 Davis St.
. 6. 107 Jackson St. 12. .42 Union St
By order of the Board of Election Comm!_
¦loners.* THO9. J. WALSH.
. Registrar of Voters.
1. 131 Turk St. 9. 1342 Sacramento 8t.
2. 130 Taylor St. 10. 91S Bush St.
3. 137 Taylor St It. 11C2 CUy St.
4. 420 Jones St 12. 1053 Pacific St.
B. 310 O"Fari-ll St. 13. 112H Hyde St.
«. 564 Gear* St. 14. 1327 Pacific St
7. 610 Post St. 1 13. 1212 Pacific St
8. 123% Pine St. I
FORTY-SECOND ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
FORTY-FIRST ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
1. 1415B Jackson St 11. 2930 Octavia St.
2. 1702 Hyde St. 12; 3001^ Webster St
3. 1905 Hyde St. 13. 1942 Union St
4. 72S Bay St. 14. 1 Webster Plac»
5. 1839 Hyde St. 15. 260OH Sacramento
6. 1606 Pacific Ave. , St.
7. 1616 Polk St. R 292* Washington St.
9. 2fl29 Pacific Ave. 17. 2WV> Central Av«
». 2200 Fillmore St. IS. 273S Greenwich ~St
10. 1313 Vallejo St. 19. 3647 Sacramento St.
1. 1505 Franklin St. 12. 1S2R Devlsadero Pt
2. 1529 Bush St. 13. 2927 California St.
J. H27 Octavia St. 14. 2105 Geary St.
4. 1608 Laguna St. . 15. 2533 Sutter St
5. 1S03 Bush St 18. 2917 Pine St.
C. 2113 Pine St. 17. 1450 Central Ave.
7. 2C07B Flllmore St IS. 508 First Ave.
8. 1904 Fillmore St. 19. N.W. cor.« Point
9. 16W Buchanan St. ' and Ninth Aves.
10. 162Ti£ Flllmore St. SO. 3300 Point Lobo»
IL 1703 Devlsadero St. Ave.
FORTIETH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Department of Elections. Office of Regl*
trar of Voters.
NOTICE IS HEUEBY GIVEN THAT THE
Boards of Precinct Registration for the
general election to be held oa Tuesday, the 8th
day of November. A. T>. 1000. will meet tn their
respective precincts for the reBistratton of vot-
ers, and such other purposes as are prescribed
by law, on SATURDAY, September Sth. SAT-
URDAY. September - 15th. and SATURDAY.
September _d. 1300. from 10 o'clock a. m. to
10 o'clock j>. m.
All electors who have not been registered for
said general election are hereby invited to
present themselves for registration.
The Boards of Precinct Registration will sit
as above for the purpose of registering: all
legal and qualified voters residing In their pre-
cincts who hare not registered at the office of
the Registrar of Voters since January 1st. 1300.
Any person who has not registered since
JANUARY 1st. 1900. and fails to register at the
Board of Precinct Registration of the precinct
In which he resides will be debarred the privl-
lere of TOtlnjr at the general election to be
held November Sth. 1300.
The office of the Registrar of Voters will re-
main open from 8:30 o'clock a. m. to 10 o'clock
p. m. dally, until September 26th. 1900, when
all registration will cease.
All electors who have chansred their restdenc*
since registering are required to call at the of-
fice of the Registrar of Voters between Sep-
tember 17th and October 11th. 19O?>, Inclusive.
NO CHANGES MAP- AFTER OCTOBER
11th, 1900.
Boards of Precinct Registration cannot make
transfers of electors from one precinct t">
another. All rersons desiring transfer MUST
call at the office of the Registrar of Voters on
cr before October 11th, 1900.
The following- places have been secured for
the sessions of the Boards of Precinct Regis-
tration:
TWENTT-EIGHTH ASSEMBLY DISTRtCT
1. 304 Folsom St. | 9. 635 Mission St.
J. tit Steuart St. 10. EE2 Mission St.
3. 403 Harrison St. 11. (t£8 Mission St.
4. 415 Folsom St. 1!. 437 Third St.
6. . M6 First St. 13. 32 Hunt St.
8. 503 Howard St. 14. 665 Howard St.
7. 162 Second St. 15. r« Third St.
8. 131 Second St. IS. 423 Third St.
TW_NTY-NINTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
_. S2S Je-sle St. 10. 7_ Folsom St.
I. 23 Fourth St. 11. 779 Folsom St.
3. 343 Jessie St. 12. 803 Folsom St
4. 114 Fourth St. 13. 41S Fourth St.
5. 106 Fourth St. j 14. S0« Third St.
6. __ Natoma St. 113. 407 Fourth St.
7. 313 Minna St. - llS. 424 Third St.
8. 808^4 Tehama St. 17. 433 Fount St.
9. 804 Folsom St. '
THIRTIETH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
1. 23' i Sixth St. S. 109t Howard St.
2. 502 Jessie St. ». 215 Sixth St.
3. 1003 Mission St. 10. J?4 Sixth St.
4. 967 Mission St. 11. 327 Sixth St.
5. 1040 Howard St. 12. 441 Sixth St.
6. 445 Minna St. 13. 321 Harrison St.
7. 939 Howard St. 14. 4n«'i Sixth St.
THIRTY-FIRST ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
1. M4 Stevenson St. ». 1235 Howard St.
2. 1248 Mission St. 10. C86 Clementina Si
3. 1249 Mission St. 11. 1103 Howard St.
4. 1.4 Eighth St. 12. 4S9 Eighth St.
8. 1146 Howard St. 13. 1150H Folsom St.
«. 137 Tenth St. t4. 423 Ninth St.
7. 141S Howard St. 15. 421 Ninth St.
8. 204 Ninth St. 16. 1407 Folsom St.
THIRTY-SECOND ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
1. 527 Second St. 8. S53 Bryant St.
2. 511 Third St. 9. 711A Brannan St.
5. 110 Barry St. 10. EC6A Ninth St.
4. 514^4 Third St. 1_. 2701 Marit>o«a. St..
5. 629 Fourth St- corner Bryant St.
6. 638 Fourth St. 12. 1314 Twentieth St.
. 7. 534 Sixth St. 13. 1130 Kentucky St.
THIRTY-THIRD ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
1> S001 Twentieth St. 8. Twenty-fourth and
8. 2582 Folsom St. Potrero Ave.
3. 3142 Twenty-fourth 9. NTV. cor. Twenty-
St. fifth and San
i. 3020 Twenty-sixth Bruno Ave.
Bt, - 10. 15P3 Twentieth St.
6. 23ES Twenty-fourth _. 807 Twenty-second
St. St.
8. •J954 Twenty-third 12. 922 Michigan St.
St. 13. 604 Railroad Ave.
1. 2305 Bryant St. 14. l_0* Railroad Ave.
15. 1411 Railroad Ave.
THIRTY-FOURTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
1. 1612% Folsom St. 12. E25 Valencia St.
1. 134 Eleventh St. 13. 2124 Mission _t.
3. 1527 Market St. 14. 2337 Sixteenth St.
4. 123 Valencia St. 13. 2S14 Sixteenth St.
E. 164S Mission St. 16. 2336 Folsom St.
8. 1741 Mission St. 17. 2.47 Mission St.
7. 1609 Folsom St. IS. X2T. Valencia St.
8. 1M5 Howard St. 19. S48 Valencia St.
». 1S48 Howard St. M. 904 Valencia St.
10. 3093 Sixteenth St. 21. 8301 Nineteenth St
11. 313S Sixteenth St. I
THIRTY-FIFTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
1. 37S7 Twenty-fourth 7. 3204 Twenty-fourth
St. St.
X. 2863 Twenty-third 8. 1413 Valencia St.
Bt. 9. 3318 Mission St.
3. 1304 Valencia St. 10. 43t Precita Av?.
4. 8222 Twenty-second It. 31S5 Mission St.
St. 12. 3^1 Mlrslon Pt.
5. 1145 Valencia St. 13. 3625 Mission St.
«. 2735 Mission St. 114. 4113 Mission St.
THIRTY-SIXTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
1. 4206 Seventeenth St. 13. 13in>,i Castro St.
2. 270 Noe St. 14. 1335 Castro St.
I. 213 Church St. 15. 113 Twenty-eighth
4. 3439 Sixteenth St. St.
B. S32 Dolores St. 16. NE. cor. Sanche.
6. 433 Sanchez St. and Day Sts.
7. 624 Castro St. 17. 4304Twenty-flrst St.
8. 603 Castro St. IS. Cor. Tenth Av«.
9. 941 Sanche. St. and K St.
10. 3807 Eighteenth St. 19. 19 Thirtieth St.
11. 3845 Twenty-fourth 20. 12 and 14 French St.
St. 21. SE. cor. San Joss
12. Twenty-third and and Ocean Road.
Douglass Sts. 122. 9 Plymouth Ave.
THIRTY-SEVENTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
1. 30O Hayes St. }12. 615 Buchanan St.
2. H?3 Market St. 1 13. 645 Webster St.
3. 143 Page St. 14. 627 Haight St.
4. y.E. cor. Octavia 13. 1_5 Pevisadero Pt.
and Page Sts. 1G,- 44* Devisadero St.
5. 475 Hayes St. 17. 1339 Haleht St.
«. 607 Laguna St. IIS. 211 Scott St.
7. R1S Laguna St. 19. 1202 Oak St.
8. 261 Octavia St. 20. 19» Oak St.
9. 2153 Market St. 21. II and Ninth Ave.,
10. 118 Flllmore St. ; Park View Hotel
11. 310 Fillmore St. '
THIP-TY-EIGHTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
1. 702 Turk St. 10. 817 Lagtina St
2. 608 McAllister St 11. 821 Webster St.
3. 647 McAllister St. 12. 1038 Pierce St.
4. 337 Fulton St. 13. 1223 Steiner St.
- 5. 729 McAllister St. 14. 1200 Devlsadero 8t
6. 1306 Ellis St. t5. l«01 Turk St.
7. 1439 Buchanan St. IS. ltso Fulton St.
*. 1344 Turk St. 17. 2P03 Golden Cat*
9. 1106 Golden Gate At*.
Ave. IS. 24:*) Fulton St
THIRTY-NINTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
1. 130 Hayes St. 11. 7f>2 Polk St.
2. ' 131 Larkin St. 12. 702 Larkin St.
3. 44 Grove St. 13. 421 Jones St.
4. 333 Golden Gate 14. 66S Geary St.
Ave. 13. 7D6A Geary St.
5. 310 ' Golden Gate 16. 904 Larkin St
Ave. 17. 802 O'Farrell St
«. 208 Leavenworth St 1*. 1«!S Post St.
7. 637 CFarrell Su 19. 1216 Polk St.
8. 508 Larkin St. 20. 1132 California PI
9. 420 McAllister St 21. 1523 California 8t
10. 627% Turk St.
Precinct Registration.
KEW WEtSTERN HOTEL,
KEAKXY AND WASHINGTON STS.-R_-
modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD A
CO. European rlan. Rooms. 60c to SI 60 dar;
$S to S3 week: IS to SS> month. Fro* baU_; hot
and cold water every room: flro grates la •T«rjr,
rows; elevator ru__ all n!j_t» — ~— -__
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Take special excursion to Uklah Sunday,
September 30th. Round trip $2. Leave
Tiburon Ferry, foot of Market street, 8:30
a. m.; Uklah 5:00 p. m. Tickets now on
sale. Each ticket sold insures a seat.Mission Contractor Probable Successor on
1 the Board of the Late Colonel
Duboce.
(Photo by Blauert & Widder.)
PROMINENT MISSION CONTRACTOR WHO HAS BEEN ASKED IF HE
WOULD ACCEPT PLACE ON BOARD OF SUPERVISORS AND WHO
HAS WRITTEN THE MAYOR SAYING HE WOULD DO SO
R'-v. Father UcQnkde. who r-'-pn-iv r ~_
turned from Manila; will occupr the- p;l-
The 11 o'clock :ra?s. IJtiOic ihc revwVnJ
eeat'.cra^n trent 10 Manila he ira* 'r ' .
recif-<l with ihis- <-hurr!i and -vvus exf'j*'
• >'- iK>jiu!ar !n the parish. ¦••-.
That the lv.o rM parties are ppllt up
this year vorso than ever before seems to
te apparent to all. Dr. C. C. O'Donnell.
V? candidate for Congress from the
Fourth, la perfectly Independent of Dar
tlee, corporations and bosses. He is a
representative cf the people and will In
or cut of office repreeent the people and
tfceir interest* first. la»t and alftbe time.*
An alarm from box 3C3 at a few minutes
to 5 o'clock yesterday afternoon was for
a fire at the residence of Mrs. John Don
ovan. 29 Mcrritt street. The damage
amounted to JSOO. The origin of the fire is
unknown. .¦ , .
Fire From an Unknou-n Cause.
Mrs/Byrnes Hastened to Give Alarm,
but Thief Escaped With Plunder.
Mrs. Byrnes, who resides at 416 McAllis
ter street, was awakened about midnight
last night by strange noises in her house,
and on going to the hallway to investi
gate found a masked burglar prowling
about.
The lady hurriedly dressed herself, ran
MASKED BURGLAR AT WORK.
nnrt^cvtW 6 " 110 "- 86 opposite her home
A young man passing by' notified the
police, and Detectives Cody and McMahon
rlli, th o e hu . r A g]&r ¥ d stolen two diamond
SF. i^ l L w £g^ d some money and
Father HcQuaae Will Prer.c!i.
Followlns is the Park music programme for
1n t\py;
fivrrturf. "JoilT FtoiiberV Suppo
Mcrr-»nti «-*7arsct-riRUi\ "The Butterfly" .Bendix
tv-lertlt-!'. "M'liitnna" Wallace
'-*Cauzon<ltt E'l^pr.'"*" n. A. B. Jr.
Ilyinit. liifcivii an-3 bal!«>t. "AliJa" Verdi
I'rXtr.Ir to "I-n1i*>r.;rrin" - Wajtntr
•¦Ii.::no!i<i;o ati'l Popular Melange". .Tror.klcr
v.'alf. r-iIorjroBl)latter*.' Rtrattva
Patrol. •Th<- Jll-.o ar.<l Orajr'J Dalbey
• ColiDrnla Ftsri-CcnttimU] March" Selo
Music at the Park.
Special Ccrcct Sal».
¦Another lot of traveler** *'arr>r-!c« a^d
od- corsets, ail colors nnd sizes, value
iroin 70c to $4 10, will be sold for naif
pnee and !es=:s. Also I'S) <3oreu Tic • Coutll •
.01 sets— five-hook. n.co.i rteei; »iik
gOSMO— at VZc p«-r ra:r. <:i:^i* r r
6 Geary street: oorr.fr Kearny. "'
ed by Uncle Sam's officials from the se
rnfLr fi?A lrtment , at Washington, and
rather than stand an investigation he re
signed his oftice. About this ume his wife,
who was a daughter of a well-known sa
??? m £ n n * mi ' a Arthur McGovern, died.
Ai £Jll r . d T. th Rudd <>» seemed to lose
SlL«f hnwJ 0 11 u?V a l ld dropped into dissi
pated habits^hich left him an easy mark
away* attack which carried him
th» l n e ,,f l Politicians, after Ruddell left
&« S i° m " h , ous , e - he was dropped from
the elad-hand circle and drifted away
from public view. About one year ago he
J2? JU* f l uar ters in the California Ho
h« ! h cf! he remov ed about the first of
he 'Mission Y™™ , the " he Went t0
llveri I wni % rT. he laSt PlaCe at Whlch "6
!!?„ * 224 Dlamond street, from which
DEATH CALLS EX-DEPUTY
SURVEYOR S. J. RUDDELL
After an Illness of four days Samuel J.
Ruddell died in the City and County Hos
pital on Friday from pneumonia. The de
ceased was well known in this city by
politicians and military men. During the
existence of the old Third Regiment, Na
tional Guard of California, and before
Governor Budd shook up the south of
Market street regiment, as it was known
among the north side kid-glove soldiers,
KuOdell was captain of Company B. He,
with his command, was dropped from
the military roll in 1895. Previous to this
Ruddell was Deputy Surveyor of the San
Francieco port under Cleveland's second
administration. With Ruddell was Sur
veyor "Bill" English. Previous to his ap
pointment as Deputy Surveyor Ruddell
was an inspector of customs, from which
position W. D. English selected htm be
cause of his supposed fitness for the place.
During his official connection with | the
United States Government he was report-
A divorce was yesterday granted Mary
E. Wil«on from Henry W. Wilson by
Judge Belcher on the ground of desertion
Suits fo- divorce were filed restertf*v hv
Idella W. Bangs against Roland H £a-^«
for cruelty: Stella. L. Dcden a^lnst if
iar.d H. I>Mden for cruelty: ifoU™ ' Fvf>
agairst Edwin 8. Pyfe for failure -onn
vioe; David S. Pearson a«dn, " Jo«?nK
Peterson for desertion: Mrs. F. s ifaynes
ayalnrt T. J Hsynes on ititutSrv
CTOunda. and Christian- Louise PnneM
egainst Anrcne Ilengli for desertion
In tha Divorce Court.
At the Mechanics' Pure Food Exposi
tion they were awarded the highest
diploma for the past four years, and find
not onlv a market for their product in
California, but they ship large quantities
to foreign countries as well as throughout
the Eastern States. •
San Francisco was distinguished at
Paris by the presentation to the I. X. L.
Packing Co. the highest medal for the
surpassing excellence of their product
awarded to any competitor of their class.
This company was formerly known as the
I. X. L. Tamale Co. and they manufac
ture, besides TamalcF, Chill Con Came.
Knchiladas. FrHoles. Minced" Deep Sea
Clams and Chicken Soup. It was on ac
count of the general superiority of the
entire product of their factory that the
medal was awarded.
A California Industry Honored at
Paris.
THE man who will occupy the Su
pervisorial chair left vacant by
the death of Colonel Victor Du
boce may be John Simmen. a
well-known contractor, wl?o re-
Bides at SS3 Capp street. A mutual friend
of Mayor Phelan and Mr. Simmen ap
proached the contractor and asked him
If he would consent to act as Supervisor.
Simmen replied in the affirmative and dis
patched a letter to the Mayor stating
his willingness to accept the honor if it
should be offered him. By those in a
position to know Slmmen's appointment
is considered a certainty, and although
he has many strong rivals he is easily
first choice.
Slmmen's part in local politics has never
f. en an J actlve °ne. He is as regards the
Y, an ? , count y a non-partisan, but In
national Issues is with the Republican
P, arty - He ls President of the San Fran
cisco Turn Verein. and ls well-known in
the business world.
If he should be appointed Mr. SImmen
will have the Indorsement of the entire
German-American community, in which
he i.as been a prominent figure.
Tl:e hot a!r sent thousands of people to
the ocean beach durji:e the day and
caused the <g-r*-atest ccng-eKtion of trafhc
the street railroad companies have ever
experienced.
The maximum temperature during the
not spell in bar. Frar.r-isco was <j2 degrees
end in San Luis Obispo It wa« 94 decrees
At Ked Bluff the blcfaest puint recorded
Jfa'-fZ df-srecs. whil^ at Fresno it was
but Si degrees. At Sacramento the hieh
est record' was W degrees.
The W.ather Bureau predicts that the
terrverature To-day in the San Joaquln
\ alley v-«:i be much bteber. In fact that
Bectiun may expect a Vcorcher
"Weather Prophet G. II. Wlllson earned
for hfimelf the got-d will of a sweltering
Community yesterday by arr.ouncir.g- tb'it
the end of the hot wave v.-ould come last
evening. He is fully entitled to the thanks
cf the sufferers from the excessive heat
cf the previous thirty-six hours because
his words of prophecy came true. While
Friday was the honour day in the year in
tfciB city yesterday was a very close sec
ond. The highest po'.nt reached by the
thermometer v«terdav was Jw degrees
registered between 12:^0 and 1-30 o"eiotk'
Then the mercury Btaried to descend und
at 6:30 p. m. it reached SS degrees
Forecaster WUlson'a forecast for to-day
reads "Cloudy ani foggy; cooler witn
fresh westerly winds." The fog began to
roll in last r.ighl and people who had at
tired themseives in llfcht clothing made
haste to chance them for warmer gar
ments.
After Hovering Around the Nineties
the Kercury Takes a Quick
Tumble at Approach of
the Fcg.
Weather Prophet. Gomes to
the Relief of Suffering
Humanity.
COOLING BREEZE
PUTS TO ROUT
THE HOT WAVE
William Kent Described Operations
of Municipal Voters' League in
the Windy City.
William Kent, president of the Muni
cipal Voters?' League of Chicaco, ad
dressed an audience yesterday artemoou
in the assembly hall of the Mills building
concerning the work <u the league in th»
direction of purifying the Chicago Boara
of Aldermen. Mr. Kent was formerly a
Califorr.lan and a resident of Mari^i
County. He went to Chicago in 1SS7 an<l
(subsequently became a member of th-e
Hoaid of Chicago Aldermen. "In 1S96.-"
said Mr. Kent, "the Aldermanic board
consisted of sixty-eight members. Ten
of these were honest men. The remainder
could justly have been suspected. ,. I saw
what was going on and interested myscif
in trying to bring about better condi
tions'."
Two years ago, it will be recollected,
there was a mass-meeting of Chicago cit
izens at Battery D. at which there were
ropes in evidence, and the avowed inten
tion of seme of the attendants at the
meeting was to han£ boodle Alderman
with thf-m if they should venture to vote
for the Allen bill, which would have ex
tended the life of traction and other fran
chlaee from twenty to fifty years. Wil
liam Kent drew the resolutions that were
adopted at that meeting, which declared
that the Aldermen should not do certain
things. This was tantamount to a threat
and wan so understood. There were, so
Mr. K^nt paid. 10,000 members of the
league in Chicago.
The working of the Chicago league was
described. There is an executive commit
tee of nine members and they hold oftice
for a term of three years. They ascertain
and publish all about the official acts of
the Aldermen and have "condemned" and
"approved" lists to put before the public.
Out of this course of procedure have come
throe libel suits against the league, but
the league has won in all. When there are
new men proposed for office the league
requests them to furnish facts about their
lives and also to give the names of »lx
men of whom inquiries can be made coo
eerninjr their fitness for office. These par
ties are then interrogated and private In
quiry is made in ail directions. If any
candidate is found to have been guilty of
dls«hcr.est acts, either in public or pri
vate, his name Is put on the "condemned"
list and the members of the league vote
against him and use their influence to de
feat him for office.
Mr. Kent also said that the league does
not consider the politics of any candidate
nor devs it nominate for office. He report
ed that the Chicago Aldermen were a re
spectable body owinp to the work of the
If ague in keeping bad men out.
Nanli B. Greensfelder. president of the
Public Central Improvement League, pre
sided.
PURIFYING OF CHICAGO
ALDERMEN IS HIS WORK
IN MEMORY OF
GARFIELD A DAY
IS SET ASIDE
League That Bears His
Name Will Hold Services
in the Park.
Exercises "Will Be Held Out by the
Monument in Honor of
the Martyred Pres
• . ident. . ,
Preparations have been completed for
the Garfleld memorial services at the
Garfleld monument in Golden Gate Park
this afternoon at 2 o'clock. An appro
priately decorated stand has been erected
near the monument, on which the' ser
vices will be conducted.
The following committee, which has
been augmented by an honorary commit
tee of prominent citizens, has been ap
pointed by the Garfleld League to take
charge of the ceremonies:
E. A. Bullis, chairman; E. M. Galvln, secre
tary; National Aid Association, J. H. Garratt;
George H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.— E. A. Bul
lis, R. A. Earle, Selden Sturgls; service men.
Spanish war— George H. Ball, B. K. Davis, F.
Figuero; Court Garfleld, A. O. F.— F. Brown,
James Chllds George Openshaw; Women of
Woodcraft— A. O. Clark. Mrs. A. O. Clark. Mrs.
M. E. Smith; Alcalde Drill Corps, N. S. G.
W.— C. H. Erb, George Pendergast, T. J.
A hern; Oscar F. Long Garrison No. 101, Reg
ular Army and Navy Union— W. F. Austrich.
Fred Kiel. William F. Welsh: Ohio Society of
California— Colonel John P. Jackson. William
H. Jordan. James M. Gleaves; George G. Meade
Post. G. A. R.— W. F. Howe; La Estrella Par
lor, N. D. G. W.— Mrs. E. Thterbach. Mrs. A.
Algeltinger; Garfleld League— E. M. Galvln, Jo
seph Meneses. H. L. Bradford. A. de la Torre
Jr., T. F. Bachelder; reception committee — Mrs.
M. E. Smith. Mrs. A. O. Clark. George Ball,
Selden Sturgls, James M. Gleavea, R. A.
Sarle, W. F. Austrich.
Following are those on the honorary
committee:
A. W. Voorsanger, W. R. Hearst. M. H. de
Young, J. D. Spreckels, W. 8. Leake, E. 8.
Simpson. J. G. Mansfield, R. A. Crothers, Fre
mont Older. Hugh Hume. James M. Troutt.
Georse H. Bahrs, Frank H. Kerrigan, W.
R. Daineerfleld, J. E. Barry, J- M. Sea
well. William R. Shatter. Z. U. Dodge. W.
B. Latham. Asa R. Wells, W. B. Hooper, C.
F. Curry. W. W. Morrow. J. J. de Haven, W.
H. Beatty, George E. Morse. I. J. Truman, A.
B. Spreckele, George C. Pardee. J. B. Stetson,
J. Reynolds, T. F. Bachelder. H. C. Dibble.
William P. Sullivan. C. H. Warren. George C.
Perkins, Julius Kahn, W. H. L. Barnes, John
McLaren, H. Cooney. John P. Jackson, R. H.
Andrews, O. H. Ferguson. J. Manuell. L. A.
Giacobi. I*. J. Wlttson, J. A. Desmond. E.
Lastreto, H. R. Davis, A. Rahwyler, H. A.
Bowers. H. Huckfeldt, O. H. Fernback. M.
Berghelm. G. H. South, Ernest C. Stock, T.
H. Dunn, M. Wilder, M. E. Shackelford, L. A.
Raabe. S. T. Blaney, P. F. Webster. R. I. Ca
hlll, E. L. Jackson, R. B, Meadows, A. O.
Clark, M. F. Smith. A. Mautner, A. D. Cot
ler, E. E. Ewlng, C. H. Bllnn, J. C. Currier,
E. A. Denlcke. A. J. Vlning. J. M. Barley. J.
G. Geistlng. R. R. Blgelow, I. Blackall. G. W.
Johnson, George Terkeldson. C. F. Lawson, W.
N. Bryan. D. C. Carcass, B. Harman, A. I*
Ballou. John H. Roberts, L. P. F. Waller.
Louis P. McCarty. E. L. Baldwin, N. R. Arter,
E. J. Ensign, J. A. Whtteslde. JV A. Silverman,
H. A. Iddings. Rolla V. Watt. Ben B. Has
kell, J. W. Richards, Oscar F. Long. N. P.
Bachelder, C. Lyman. J. Barneson, J. H. Mat
thews. Charles L. Herrmann, G. W. Chaplin.
J. F. Fltigeraid, Robert Wleneke, H. H. North,
J. D. Slebe. P. A. Bergerot. N. P. Chlpman.
Tlrey L. Ford. T. B. Morton. M. G. Cobb.
Alexander Campbell, H. S. Crocker. Van R.
Paterson.
The parade will form at 1 o'clock p. m.
at the Fulton and ElRhth avenue entrance
to the park, with the right resting on
Eighth avenue facing south In the follow
ing order:
Platoon of police; band; Grand Marshal
Captain D. Geary; Chief of Staff A. de la
Torre Jr.: Chief Aid A. J. Vinlng; aids; one
battalion of the Fifteenth United States In
fantry; one battalion Twenty- fourth United
States Infantry, under the command of Major
Henry H. Adams, the following companies be
ing Included. A. B. C. D of the Eighteenth
and B and M of the Twenty- fourth Infantry;
seamen United States navy: George H. Thomas
Post, O. A. R., A. Mautner commanding;
Oscar F. Lonz Garrison, Regular Army and
Navy Union; Camp General Fremont Service
Men Spanish War: George O. Meade Post. G.
A. R. : Women of Woodcraft: La Estrella Par
lor, JC. D. G. W. ; University of California
cadets; Court Garfteld. A. O. F.; Alcalde Drill
Corps, N. S. G. W. ; National Aid Association;
Ohio Society of California; Garfleld League;
Veteran Reserves of Oakland: committees and
Invited guests; all other organizations.
During the exercises Captain Jack
Crawford, the poet scout, will recite an
original poem. Colonel Henry I. Kowal-
Eky will deliver the euloi?y, "William H.
Jordan, president of the day, will deliver
an address, and remarks will be made by
Mayor Phelan and T. F. Bachelder.
All organizations particlpiirtlng will be
conveyed to the point of formation by the
Sutro electric road, where they will be
provided with badges.
EXIGIBLE LIST OF
HEALTH OFFICE CLERKS
Civil Service Commission Announces
Successful Applicants in Re-
cent Examination.
The Board of Civil Service Commission
ers yesterday announced the following
list of successful contestants In the re
cent examination for experienced clerks
in the Health Department:
Edward M. Coffey, 100; J. J. Dunne.
95.2; Mary Turner, 92.4: Mrs. R. E. Shel
ton. 92.4; J. W. Brier, 91: J. W.. Cameron.
89.6; David Wolfe, £8.6: Charles R. Wide
berg. S": Percy R. Hennessy, 84.6; Daniel
M. Sullivan, 83.8: John White, 82.2; W. B.
Ewlng, 76.2; Greg L. Walsh, 75.6; F. J.
Stanton, 75.2.
Of the foregoing list, J. J. Dunne is
at present employed by the Health Board
as legal adviser. Mary Turner, Mrs. R. E.
Shelton, J. W. Cameron, David Wolfe,
Charles R. Wideberg, Gregory Walsh
and F. J. Stanton are also members of
the staff.
The Board of Public Works has selected
Leonard S. Leavy and T. J. Crowley, who
are already employed in the office, to be
bookkeepers.
TWO devout Catholic scholars saw
the crowning of their ambitions
yesterday. They are J. William
Brockhage and Francis M. Harvey.
After years of close study they
were permitted to enter the priesthood of
the Catholic church, and during the re
mainder of their lives are to devote all
their time ministering to the living and
the dead.
The ceremony of ordination was per
formed in St. Mary's Cathedral by his
Grace the Most Rev. P. W. Riordan with
the most solemn services. Both young
men were profoundly impressed with the
step they were taking and the large con
gregation which tilled the sacred edifice
joined its prayers to those uttered by the
Archbishop to instill courage and devotion
into the hearts of the young priests who
were just entering on their great mission.
The ceremonies of ordination were ac
companied by a solemn high mass, at
which the Archbishop was assisted by
the Very Rev. J. J. Prendergast, St.
Mary's Cathedral: Rev. Father Vuibert,
S. S., St. Patrick's Seminary: Rev. Father
McSweeney of Oakland; Rev. Father
O'Rlordan of Berkeley; Rev. Father
Praught, Temescal; Rev. Father Hevrin.
Oakland; Rev. Father Collopy. San Jose;
The scene at the altar was highly im
pressive. The Archbishop was attired in
his robes of office and the clergymen who
occupied seats in the sanctuary were
dressed ' in their surplices. A score of
acolytes dressed in their striking costumes
and a brilliant background of myriad
candles added to the solemn but beautiful
picture gazed on by the devout congrega
tion. Special music was rendered by the
regular choir during the ceremonies.
Rev. Father Brockhage will sing his
initial mass to-day at St. Francis de
Sales Church, Oakland. Rev. Father Mc-
Sweeney, who was his pastor in years
gone by, will honor him by preaching a
sermon appropriate to the occasion. A
week from to-morrow Rev. Father Har
vey will celebrate his first mass at Holy
Cross Church. Father Sullivan of San
Rafael will preach a special sermon.
The new priests will return to St. Pat
rick's Seminary at Menlo Park and con
tinue their studies while teaching at that
institution.
Rev. Father Sullivan. San Rafael: Rev.
Donald McKlnnon, Rev. Father Cull. Oak
land; Rev. Charles Ramm, Rev. Father
O'Ryan, Rev. Father McGinty, Rev.
Father McConnell, Alameda; Rev. P. J.
McQuade. Rev. E. P. Dempsey, Rev.
Hugh Lagan and other well-known priests
of the diocese.
TWO YOUNG DEVOTEES OF THE CROSS, "WHO WERE ORDAINED AS
PRIESTS BY ARCHBISHOP RIORDAN AT ST. MARY'S CATHEDRAL.
WITH SOLEMN AND IMPRESSIVE CEREMONY.
Judge Cook telephoned from Sonoma
yesterday that he would like to be present
when the rn.«es of Btxspton and Silva are
called, and accordingly their hearing was
also continued until next Saturday morn
irg.
Ae the attending; phjslcian. of Mrs. Nettle R.
Craven-Fair. I fully concur in the above opin
ion In regard to her mental anl physical con
dlticn and In the inadvirabtllty and great dan
per of hT lielrg- rrnuved from her Jtfd at
the present time. C. A. CLINTON, M. D.
It is c-jr opinion that the removal of the
patient from her present nhod«\ under any clr
curr.Ftar.'-es Involving mental excitement, would
be detrimental to health and would seriously
inilitete apainet her ultimate recovery-
JOHN" M. WILLIAMSON. M. D.
EDWIN WNNELL. M. D.
"VV«» believe this laralyols to be of the variety
known as hysterical hemlpkgia. So far as the
patient Is concerned this disease produces for
tr.e time beinp ee complete an incompadty as
if the cauf« were a cerebral h<>morrhage. The
prognosis, however, may be considered more
tavcrable in this claw of ;oses than In those
r reduced by destructive lesions and In the
case under observation v.-e feel Justified In pre-
U'ctinR n. partial If not complete recovery.
We found the general condition to be one
of prostration, accompanied by bodily emacia
tion and anemia. There If also a paralysis of
motion and sensation In tlu left side, involv
ing the up;w and lower extremities. This.
however. |s a jartinl paralysis, the muscles
and Integument of the face being as yet un
aff»otf>d From the history cf the case as de
tailed to us by Dr. Clinton we believe the pa
tient to be gradually recovering from thl»
jiaralysis. as there are evidences of returning
n-.otion and censstlon In the arm and thigh.
The results of the examination are as fol
low*- \\> found thf» mental condition of the
oatient to be clear and her conversation ra
tiontl and intelligent, but characterized to a
certain extent t.y excitability of temper.
This is to certify that we, the undersigned,
were called ir.to consultation for the purpose of
making a physical «-xamlnation of Mrs. Nettle
R. Craven-Fair. ¦ This examination was made
on Thursday. September 20. between the hours
of 5:30 and 6:30 p. m. in the apartments of the
above-named lady In the California Hotel. The
VttnaSM to the examination were Dr. Charles
A. C!inti;ii and the trained nurse in attendance
on the patient.
While they claim that it would be ex
tremely hazardous to force her to leave
her apartments now, her condition is such
as to Inspire every hope of recovery- They
claim that she is perfectly rational and
that there are signs of returning health
to her paralyzed side. The affidavit in
which these assertions were made was
presented to the court yesterday, and Is as
follows:
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 21, 1900
Mrs. Nettie R. Craven was not called
upon yesterday morning to plead to the
charge of perjury which has been made
against her. Judge Carroll Cook, before
whom she is to be tried, was not In the
city, and Judge Burnett, who Is sitting in
his stead, continued the case until next
Saturday morning, when it is probable
that Mrs. Craven will appear in court.
Her physician, Dr. C. A. Clinton, and Dr.
John A. Williamson and Dr. Edwin Bun
nell, who were called in consultation, de
clare that Mrs. Craven is now rapidly on
the mend and there is reason to believe
that she will partially if not wholly re
cover from the- serious illness from which
she has been and is suffering.
Physicians Declare Her to Be Ra
tional and Physically Much. Im
proved— Eespite Granted to
Silva and Simpton.
She Is Given Another Week
in Which to
Plead.
MRS. CRAVEN IS
RECOVERING HER
LOST HEALTH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUSTDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1900.
Archbishop Riordan Ordains Two Young
Scholars to the Priesthood.
LIVES CONSECRATED
TO THE HOLY CHURCH
JOHN SIMMEN OFFERED
SUPERVISORIAL PLACE
22
111, 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
NOTE— Samples of above goods sent free
to anu address. ¦
SU25 yard
One case Black Granite Cloth, 50 Inches
wide, shrunk and sponged 61.25 yard
One case 50-inch Black English Cheviot
for Tailor Suiting, shrunk and Sponged
TWO SPECIALS.
We invite our Datrons to inspect the above
goods at their earliest opportunity,
On to-morrow and following daps we will
exhibit an elegant assortment of New Black
Dress Fabrics for Fall wear, The assortment
will include Venetian Cashmeres, Wool Pop-
lins, Panne Cloths, Satin Soleil, Whip Cords,
Camel's Hair, Zibeline, Amazon Cloths, Cork-
screws, Armures and Venetian Cloths.
r r Premiumsr r A r
Jmanj GlVCIl 1 1 VV
WITH
Teas, Coffees,
Spwes, Extracts,
Soda, Baking Powder
Good Time and Place to nuy
no Grant are., bet. Sutter and Post.
S«l Market *t.. opp. Powell st.
E2 Market St.. June. California.
OUR BRANCH STORES EVERYWHERE.
Conic Just to See
Great American Importinff Tea Co.
Dr. M. J. Fottrell. has resumed practice
at rooms 17 and .19, Phelan tuildlne. •
Gibson's SI ehirt la your boeom friend. They
fit and wear well; try one. 1204 Market et. •
IjldW Lallpr-nurtlff Butts. silk rkfrts. fur
BBpc*: lil^-rai er»Jit. M. llothschlld. 526 Sutter. *
A few days ago a very prominent San
Francisco gentleman walked Into the re-
ception room of Ismar, the noted Ejryp-
tian Palmist and Clairvoyant, at 114S Mar-
ket street, opposite Sixth. After awaiting
his turn, passed into the consultation
room. He stated he was skeptical and
had no faith In palmistry or clairvoyance,
and had come to be convinced either one
way or the other. Ismar began that easy-
flow of language of hers and half an hour
afterward the cynic left her room wreath-
ed In smiles. He afterward said: "That
woman Is certainly a wonder. The way
she sailed Into my business affairs and
told mo of my past life — a thousand times
better than I could myself in that length
of time — ls more than remarkable. She
told me of changes I have .been contem-
plating, and advised me to make them.
She told me of family affairs that were
simply astonishing. She also diagnosed
my physical condition and correctly
named the cause of my ailment. I shall
follow her advice and try to get well.
She certainly is all she claims to be, and I
unhesitatingly recommend her to all that
wish to seek her aid and advice." The
evidence of those who have called on
this wonderful woman is of such a nature
as to convince the most skeptical that the
past, present and future can be read. Is-
mar can be consulted daily from 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. at her office, 1148 Market street
opposite Sixth, two doors below Wein-
Etoek & Lubin'sL
rience With a Cynical
Townsman.
.Ismar, the Gypsy, Has an Expe-
uUNVInilibU
A SKEPTIC
ISMAR.
PALACE HOTEL
It Is vnlTersallT ack.nowle<Sse<l that taea«
hotels possess tn« attributes that app«at
to particular people— undoubted luxury aai
comfort, unsurpassed culslno and terries
and superior appointments and location.
Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under on* management oa t2>*
American and European plans.
GRAND HOTEL
O II PI" nnilll Corner Fourth and
UnlL HUlHLir-o^.j-sa
P. RO8COE McXULTY, 31. D.
20 J£ Kearny Kt.. Man Frsnrixro, ««l.
DR.MQNULTY.
rvniS WELL-KNQWN AND RELIABLE OLD
L Specialist ewre.f Blood PolsonjOonorrhCBa.Gleet,
Stricture, bemiiml Weakness, Impotence and tbelr
allied Disorders. Jlook on £>»ea»e3 of Men. free.
OverMyearV^xper'ence. Term^ reasonable. Hour*.
9to3dnlly;6:30to8.30ev'K^. Sundays, JOto 12. Coimul-
tntion free nnrt sacredly confidential. Call or address
. German Expert Optician
Admiral Geo Dewey
JOINS IN HONORING MR. MATEHLE.
The following testimonials have Just been re-
ceived:
Mr. Geo. Itarerie, Gentian Expert Optician
:?n4 Market et.. Ean Francisco— My Dear Sir:
I e.m etlU usir.s with much eat is'f action the
frlafcses you cent me at Man"a; also the new
cnes euit my eyes perfectly. Very truly yours.
GBO. DEWEY.
FROM GENERAL WILLIAM R. SHAFTER.
Mr. G»o. Mtyerle. Ban Fran~i»co— Dear Sir:
The classes made by you receiv3d yesterday. 1
have never been better fitted than with this
jtlr. Very truly yours.
WM, R. SHAFT ER
Major General U. S. V.
ilO^T COWTNCINU FVIOKNTF FROM
REV. FATHER ADGUBTIKB McCLORT.
It rives me much pleasure ?« recommend to
the public Mr. Georr^ Mayerle of -OTr-fc Uarket
fctreft, San Krasclsco. *trlot!y as a tkillful and
expert optician. My eight beg-an *c fall ;r. 1S7<.
Just twenty y«-ar» ceo. ar.d since that time I
Mn been wearlnr Klasces. I cf ni>ult»»d a prcn-
lnent optician In Chlcapo. Dr. Holmes. At dif-
ferent times eiace that I have liad lenses fitted
en In !?i. Lcul*. Cleveland. O.. and also trVd
th» nftli a in n in cpttcians In PIttsbutg.
claim to be aisong the best In their line In the
country. I do not hesitate to say that 1 have '
DMf with better ar.d rr.ore saturactory results j
with Mr. Mayt-ri* than with ar.y cf the atove- I
r.amed, who have :r.uch higher pretensions. Re-
spcctmUy,
FATHER AUGT'PTINE McCLORY.
O. F. M.. f=t. 3cnlMce - s Church.
115 Golden Gate ave.. &. F. i
A LEADINI C.rRllAN" KIMTOK OF SAX
FRANCISCO saYS:
Mr Mayrle— Dear Sir: Th"? glaa«:« you made ;
for ay v.-ife s.r.1 me sorr.e tin:* aeo srive us per- ¦
fert eatlsfaction. ar.d ert FAR SUPEUIOR tc i
LbOM ¦"• h-ve t"»n fcr years before, j
I heartily 'recrmrr.cni ycur method of testing :
eii f.tt:ng to all pers^is trc-ubled nrtUl defect* I
cf the eyes. Tocn truly, I
RANB ItAMHS.
taty Editor of the "Tp.B^b^tt." ]
FROM CHIEF OF POLICE OFFICE.
Fir: 'il-.c t:\af-s-ff \'Ai fitted for my ey«s are
rxQiUent, ana «rlvp perfect satisfaction. I have j
> •¦•'. -si:.* B'.aS8<»8 for th» lesi twelve year*. ;
;.:i I mist f;.v that your? are yirwrior to all
.!-!-?. BespectftOlsr. J. W. SHini.DS.
Per^eant of Police.
"GERMAN ETETTATER," BOc
Consultation*, examinattona and advice free. I
• ¦¦ r:\tvps tir.ti! :¦ o'clock. GE/». MAY-!
' . German Eri-^rt Optlctan. jntjTj Market !
;: . near Bevvnth. Baa Francisco.
MAVr.I'.Ll.S NEW JIBTHOD or KITTING,
GLASSES BY MAIL BEXT FREE.
ilc«5ea sent by express may be examined ;
ri;hout «!:arf,.'. If n-^l accepted Mr. Slayerle ;
¦will ; ay c'.l ch4.rs»-».
¦?^e CUy Directory for expert opticians.) '
CUT THIS OUT.
U. b. Army. Navv and Gov-
ernment Officials.
Who !s Honored by tho Greatest
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A GRADUATE OPTICIAN
ADVZBTISEBIILMTS.
GEORGE MAYERLE
DR. PIERCE'S : Guaranteed
ELECTRIC vaTv^>» tits
We have belts as low as *5, same as other*
tell at much hisrher prices, but they ar« not
"DR. PIERCE'S." If you want the BEST, a
belt that will cure without medicine, won't
fall to pieces In a short time, and which may
be had at a moderate price, you must hav*
"DR. PIERCE'S."
Call or send a 2-cent stamo for "3OOELET
NO. t." Address:
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
63O Market Street. San Francisco.
Or 1145 Broadway, New York City.
I We Can Furnish All ihe
I We have an immense variety of styles al- ||
I ways in stock for immediate shipment. Your j?|
a choice in oak, mahogany or curly redwood at H
I the lowest prices that can te quoted. m
y SEND PIVB CENTS IM 8TAMP3 T03 N3W maSITUKE CATALOQ. i"A
1 THE J.NOONAN FURNITURE CO., Inc. 1
I 1017-1023 Mission St., Abovj Sixth. ll
n PHOXE SOUTH 14. SAN FRANCISCO.. , tablisK Right to Vote in
j^s-^S No vember.
The total registration reported by Reg
istrar Walsh laet night was £5,000. Most
of 'the registration was recorded in the
precincts", where 5000 names were added to
the roll. This will leave about 7000 names
to register to equal the registration of 1898,
when it was 72,000. There are but three
days more during which citizens can es
tablish their rlgrht to vote at the Presi
dential election in November.
On Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday
Registrar Walsh will have an increased
force on duty in the City Hall from 8:30
a.. m. until 11 p. m., and voters will be as
sured of every convenience and rapidity in
registering. Those who have changed their
residences since January 1, 1900, must re
register If they desire to yote at the next
alectlon. .
- .. -^ "
ONLY THREE DAYS MORE
IN WHICH TO REGISTER
Seven Thousand Citizens Yet to Es-
Mr. Towne spoke at San Leandro from
the porch of the Estudillo House at noon
to-day. In the party which accompanied
him from that place was "Big Mike* Ker
wln the Castro Valley statesman, who
was arrayed In a gorgeous shirt waist.
"Our opponents charge that we are not
expansionists. I say the Democrats are
the only true expansionists. Expansion Is
a growth outward, the same substance be
ing maintained throughout. Imperialism
Is a forced and harmful spreading out, In
•wjilch a fruitless endeavor is made to as
similate heterogeneous elements."
campaign of 1900 Is only the cam
paign of 1896 under the head of unfinished
business. There Is nothing Inconsistent
In the fact. that the issue of 1896 is looked
at'somewhat differently this year. It was
then, as now, the interminable struggle
between the few and the many. Then we
were combating the great banking insti
tutions who were endeavoring to depre
ciate one kind of money in order that they
might more readily control the worJd with
another.
J. A. Emory of San Francisco was the
next speaker. "The Issue is Imperialism,"
he declared. "Our nation cannot defy the
moral law and live. This is a time of
danger, not a time for parties, but for
Americanism."
: Mr. Towne was Introduced and spoke
for an hour. He said in part:
"I was present at the Democratic Na
tional Convention." said Mr. Freeman,
"and helped In the construction of the
platform. I believe in every principle
enumerated by It."
J. J. McDonald, chairman of the Demo
cratic County Committee, called the meet
ing to order and Introduced Frank Free
man, the Democratic candidate for Con
gress In this district, as chairman.
OAKLAND, Sept. 22.— A fair-sized audi
ence listened to Charles A. Towne, the
Democratic orator from Minnesota, at the
F.xpositlon building this afternoon. The
heat was oppressive and speakers and
listeners alike suffered from Its effects, A
single masculine shirt waist blossomed out
In tho heat, but jhirt sleeves were the
common dress of the male auditors.
Minnesota Orator Says
Alone Are Expansionists,
TOW1JE SPEAKS AT OAKLAND.
Mr. Chairman and fellow-citizens: It is al
most exactly two and a half | years since It
was my very great pleasure and privilege to
When ex-Congressman Charles A.
Towne was Introduced he was received
with prolonged cheers, the larger part of
the audience rising and waving hats and
handkerchiefs In his honor. He spoke aa
follows: .'';;<: v •
tion in Caustic Terms.
Pays His Respects to the Administra-
Mr. Henry spoke very briefly and waj
followed by Porter Ashe, candidate for
Congress from the Fourth District, who
spoke eloquently and not so briefly. But
he did not occupy the front of the stage
long, and a song was rendered by the
Columbia Quartet, the four gentlemen in
grotesque costume.
CHARLES A. TOWNE'S SPEECH.
Mr. Lane spoke briefly, asserting that
the signs of the times point to Democratic
victory. He said with Mark Hanna speak
ing for Republicans in the East and Mar.
tin Kelly speaking for them in the West
It was evident that the Republican party
was, putting the friends of the people to
the front. He concluded by Introducing
a "couple of preliminaries." J. H. Henry
of San Jose, candidate for Congress in the
Fifth District, was the first of these.
Continuing Senator Sims arraigned the
Philippine policy of the administration
and concluded by Introducing Franklin
K. Lane, chairman of the evening.
"We assure him that his rare fame is
cherished as much on the Pacific Coast
as on the Great Lakes or any other por
tion of the Union, and we nope that his
coming will prove . a. new bond between
the East and the coast.'''
• Chairman . Sims of the State Central
Committee ¦ called the meeting to order
and spoke In eulogy of the orator of the
evening. He said:
H. Henry and Porter Ashe Talk.
Senator Sims, Franklin K. Lane, J.
There was not Just the enthusiasm the
committee had arranged for, but what
the audience lacked was made up by the
clubs and the bands, and In the end Mr.
Towne received applause sufficient to
fire him to eloquence.
IX5CAL, SPEAKERS HAVE A SAY.
A wait of another quarter hour and the
speaker of the evening arrived. He was
preceded to the stand by a squad of vice
presidents and was escorted by the offi
cers of the State and county central com
mittees and by William H. Alford, Super
ior. Judge Lawlor. Chairman Lane and
others prominent in the ranks.
Then came the Monticello Club with a
brass band that at once went Into active
competition with the one already working
overtime before the grand stand. After
it came the Iroquols Club, led by- another
of thnt tribe, In regalia, and the rest of
the marching organizations, uniformed
and ununi formed.
The audience settled down in the hall
long before the speaker and his escort ar
rived. It was after half. past 8 before a
brave of the Iroquois Club, in war paint
and feathers, wandered into the hall and
against a post opposite the rostrum plant
ed a transparency bearing the • legend,
"Stephen M. White for Senator."
: The decorations were confined solely to
the rostrum up to the time the clubs be
gan to arrive. Then the reserved seats
filled up with a motley array of banners,
transparencies, bunting and uniforms.
peace and quiet could have been held on
any section.
Transparencies of Local ' Candidates
Conspicuously Displayed.
The rostrum, draped over with the stars
and stripes, was placed half-way down
the floor on the west* side of the Pavilion.
It was filled with seats for the 200 and odd
vice presidents that had received honor
ary appointment, and to a few especially
favored "honored guests." Directly In
front of the rostrum 300 chairs were re
served for the. members of the numer
ous uniformed "marching clubs that did
escort duty for the speaker on the way
to the Pavilion. The Iroquols and Mon
tlcello clubs acted as a . special guard of
honor and were accorded the most ¦ con
spicuous position - on the floor. How
ever, there were seats and to spare for
all the rest without interfering with the
audience. The audience. In fact, was not
large enough to ! Interfere with. Al
though the body of the house was fairly
well -filled, the raised Beats round the
four sides were all but deserted— a Demo
cratic county convention of. ordinary
IN MECHANICS' PAVTLION.
THE opening, rally of the Demo
cratic campaign last night did not
set the city on fire with enthusi
asm. The meeting at Mechanics'
Pavilion was not attended by over
2500 people, that, in fact, being a very lib
eral estimate. Campaign enthusiasm was
at a low ebb, and an occasional outburst
of enthusiasm did not relieve the gather
ing of the atmosphere of frost.
Charles A. Towne of Minnesota held the
attention of the audience for over an hour,
though he failed to rouse them often from
their Indifference/ His voice was some
what hoarse from his vigorous campaign-
Ing and he Bpoke with some effort.
Ex-Congressman Towne's party arrived
from Oakland at 5 o'clock and was driven
to the Palace Hotel.' Mrs. Towne accom
panies her husband, and with them at din
ner at the Palace were M. F. Tarpey.
Senator J. C. Sims, Mrs. S. M. Joy, who
was Mr. Towne's first school teacher; Dr.
D E Osborne of St. Helena, who was a
college chum of Mr. Towne at the Univer
sity of Michigan; Franklin K. Lane, and
Wakefield Baker.
The members of the party lingered at
dinner, and it was not until 8 o'clock that
they entered their carriages and were
driven to the California Hotel. There the
Iroquols Club had been waiting to lead
the parade to the Mechanics' Pavilion. As
soon aa possible the procession formed
and proceeded to Market street and thence
up Market to the Pavilion. There was
plenty of the blare of brass and the occa
sional sputter of fireworks, but the crowd
on the street was small and little enthusi
asm was occasioned by the passage of the
first parade of the Democratic campaign
In this city.
Five carriages held the party's guests
and prominent local Democrats. In the
first carriage were ex-CongTessman
Towne, Senator J. C. Sims, chairman of
the State Central Committee, M. F. Tar
pey and Franklin K. Lane.
The second carriage-load consisted of
Mrs. Towne, Mrs..S. M. Joy and ex-Con
gressman Camlnetti. In the third car
riage were Porter Ashe, J. H. Henry,
Judge Lawlor and D. M. Delmas. TV. H.
Alford, Thomas E. Curran, Frank S.
Drew and Seth Mann were In the fourth
carriage, and In the fifth were Al Mc-
Cabe and J. J. Kennedy.
The Iroquols Club, the Democratic Cen
tral Club, the Montlcello Club and a num
ber of district Bryan and Stevenson clubs
formed the body of the parade.
Will you San Francisco merchants, because
you can sell an army mule or bale of Ijay, vote
to continue this thing? is'o, my merchant
friend, what you want is the earliest possible
settlement of this upon a basis of peace and
amity. You want the commerce and trade of
the survivors of this people. You do not want
to kill the best of your customers and earn the
hatred of the rest. We are governing the Phil
ippines as our forefathers were governed by
Great Britain 125 years ago. when they fought
to overthrow that power. "When this country
fought for freedom It was a rebel against a
government. It is inconceivable that they
should fight to perpetuate the abuses which
they overthrew. •
, ' The President of the United States has over
stepped the constitution on at lean two occa
sions. In the peace protocol signed by this
country and Spain the United States was lim
ited to the city of Manila and Manila Bay.
yet one month before that protocol was passed
by the Senate McKinley ordered General Otis
to issue that proclamation taking control of
the entire archipelago and ordering tbe people
of those islands to accept such government as
he gave them or be shot to death.
• The President' did right when he sent our
troops Into China to rescue our Minister. ' Our
Here the speaker related tales of massa
cre and what he was pleased to call tyr
anny in the Philippines. He held up blood
red pictures of. the brutalities of the
American soldier and the Republican ad
ministration. And then continuing said:
Along with the development of military gov
ernments in the world has gone colonial ambi
tion. We are already entering upon a dan
gerous phase of social declivity. History shows
that social decline has attended upon such con
ditions as wo face now. We have reached the
dancer point. One per cent of the people to
day own as much as- the other ninety-nine.
When such accumulation as this Is the result
of special privileges; when the money making
power has control of the law making machin
ery, then exist the conditions which have led
to disaster In other countries and. If the cor
rective be not applied, will lead to disaster in
the United States.
Having surrandered on the money question,
what can you expect of it in the Question of
the trusts? Let is be known that the Demo
cratic party Is not warring upon wealth as
wealth. Honest accumulation has no better
friend. But these men who are adding to
their wealth by Imposing upon the law are
sowing the wind and must some day reap the
whirlwind. They are banking up the water
so that some day it will rise upon them until
it bursts Its restraints and sweeps them and
their gains, together with honest accumula
tions, away forever.
Since the time of Abraham Lincoln that
party has fallen from Its high estate and those
high principles for which Lincoln stood at that
time. The party of Abraham Lincoln has
ceased to exist except in name only. So far
had it fallen and so false had it become that
in 1S96 many of us were compelled to forsake It.
Since this Government was formed there has
never '. been a slnple true polity. Up to now
It has been a contest between the few on one
side and the many on the other. Ever since
these articles of government were written and
later Included in the constitution 124 years
a~o It has been an effort on one side »o ke-»t*
true that fundamental proposition and on tfc»
other side to defeat It.
We are not discussing now with particular
ity and care the main Issue at that time, but,
my friends, the man who fees In the making
of silver a full power money anything but the
orenln* of the mints does not understand the
Issue of 18D6.
speak to a San Francisco audience. I have ever
since that time retained the moit pleasant
recollection of my visit, and I return to-night
with emotions answerable to that feeling. My
friends, two and a half years ago it was my
duty to speak to you In regard to the dominant
Issue of the campaign of 1S»«. Xeverthelees.
two years and a half ago, I addressed you In
regard to the campaign of 1900, for the cam
paign of 1S9S and the campaign of 1900 had and
have for their objects practically the same
thing. The campaign of 1900 may be nald In
every true sense to be the campaign of 1S96
under the head of unfinished business.
J. E. Sullivan. Matt I. Sullivan. F. J. Sulli
van. A. T. Vogelsang. R. B. Wallace. TV. T.
Wallace, James P. Booth. John Connor. J.
Curtis, A. d'Ancona, L. J. Dwyer. M. J. Fon
tana. R. M. Hotaling. W. N. McCarthy, J.
Leo Park. Jeremiah Cofley. John T. Gr»aney,
W. II. Byington. W. D. Waason, James H.
O'Brien, C. W. Fay. TV. A. Wise. T. E. Schu
mate. Donzell Stoney, Gayloni Stoney. E. I.
Coffey. Hull McClaughry. J. W. McDonald. J.
D. Maxwell, Samuel Braunhart. William
White. T. E. Treacy, Dr. C. Dt
McGettigan. John Fay Sr. Oscar Hocfcs.
Charles Edelman. Jasper McDonald, Sydney
M. Van Wyck, J. C. Nealon. T. F. Bonnet.
R. I. Whelan. B. F. Hawes. John H. Wlaa. R.
P. Doolan, James M. Block. General A. W.
Barrett, John Markley. P. J. Harney. Rudolph
Herold Jr.. Percy Henderson. J. S. Tobtn,
James Denman. J. M. Klein. O. H. CabanUs.
Jefferson Chandler. C. T. Conlan. J. V. Coffey.
E. P. Mcean. Ktnlay Cook. Eustace Culllnan.
Thomas W. Hldcer. S\ K. Duos. Peter J.
Louis Hoeffler, James H. Dairy. E. A. Reddy
T. B. W. Lfland. Dr. A. P. O'Brien. Edmorid
Godchaux, James V. Coleman. Max Popper.
James U. Flood. J. Downey Harvey. Thomas
Jennings. Charles L. Fair. Jackson Temple.
Walter Van Dyke, A. B. MeCreery, H. L. Kea.
Jefferson G. James. Walker C. Graves, T. J.
Wal9h. Richard L. Barry. Harry Kelly. Harry
Mulcreavy. Thomas Burke, William Ambrose.
Thomas I. Dillon, D. A. McColgan. William,
McMann. E- P. E. Troy, Will Ashe. R. V.
Whiting, Charles L. Weller, W. P. Sullivan
Jr., Stephen Potter. Luke Kavanagh.
Ed H. Granny. EL TV. Britt. James A. Cooper.
John Stantor. I. Gutte. A. S. Cooper, A. C.
Freese, J. C. O'Connor. John Itosenfeld. Thomu
F. Barry, Louis de F. Bartlett. Bart Burke,
Thomas J. Clunle, E. A. Bridgefcrd. A. J.
Clur.le, A. Comt3 Jr.. T. C. Coogan. William
Craig. Bert Schleslnger. W. T. Baggett. Wil
liam M. Cannon. J. B. Casnerly. Jeremiah
Deasy. William Denman. Garret McEnerney.
Peter F. Dunne. Franit G. Drum, J. J. Dwyer.
Robert Ferral, H. T. Creswelll, W. B. Ccpe.
D. C. Murphy, J. E. (yDonnell. A. B. Magulre,
Gavin McXab. Charles 8. ¦ Peery. Emll Pohll.
W. F. Stafford. Osgood Putnam. Joseph Roths
child.
Frank II. Gould, Charles F. Hanlon, M. C.
Hassett. Rarclay Henley. S. V. Costello. Fran
cis J. Hen»y. K. Porter Ashe. \V. F. Humph
reys. Joseph L*ggett. J. J. Dunne. Jaznea G.
Maguire, J. I* Gallagher. Seth, Mann. J. J.
Wall, II. J. Stafford. Charles McMullan.
A. J. Fritz, J. M. Hanley. Curtis Hlllyer. J.
J. Kennedy. D. I. Mahoney. Marsden Hanson,
J. M. Seawell. W. K. DalngerHeld. F. J. Mur
asky. C. Vv\ Keed. T. Carl Spelling. C. 1* Dam.
R. M. Fitzgerald. James Byma Jr., W. I.
Brobeck, M. Greenblatt. John II. Grady, P. J.
McCormick. J. H. Deering. Charles McGlynn.
Patrick McCormick. J. J. Valentine, Joseph
Napthaly. Frank Dunn. James Keady. H. H.
Tucker. J. E. Flnnlgan. G. Howard Thompson,
William P. Lnwlor. H. C. Oesford.
James D. Phelan. Arthur Uodgers, J. 8. Sims,
Thomas E. Curran. Jaunes H. Uu.il. James O.
Magulre, W. H. Alford. Washington Dodge.
C. W. Fay. F. H. Gould. Seth Mann. M. F.
Tarpey, Stephen M. White. John H. Grady.
Max Popper, James J. Lynch. Andrew G. Ma-
Kuire. ¥. M. Wellln. William McMann. D. M.
Delmas. A. Caminattl. Frank C. Drew.
Franklin K. Lane presided aa chairman
of the evening, and on the platform wer»
seated the following vice presidents:
Seats on the Platform.
Many Prominent Democrats Occupy
FRANKLIN K. LANE PRESIDES.
In closing Mr. Towne dealt with the so
called treaty between this country and
the Sultan of Sulu. He pointed out that
two of the chief articles of the religion
of the Sultan are polygamy and the right
to hold slaves, and that over these two
evils, proscribed by the constitution and
laws of the United States, the President
had raised the American flag and agreed
to by treaty. Emphatically he declared
the treaty the most infamous document la
the archives of the United States. Mr.
Towne closed his remarkable oration ¦with
a eulogy of the American flag that at last
brought the cheers from every throat in
the house, and brought them lustily.
"When he had finished the audience pave
him spontaneously three rousing cheers
and crowded round the rostrum to grasp
hla hand.
Minister is rescued, and to stay therw longer
Is an act of war on foreisrn soil. Tet to-day I
read that 800 of our troops stormed a Chinese
fort and killed most of the garrison. William
McKinley -has a right to rescue our Minister,
but if he wants to go to war he has to> call
the Congress together and ask Its permission.
SCATTERING AUDIENCE IN 2&ECHANICS' PAVILION LISTENS WITH MARKED LACK OF ENTHUSIASM AND FEW OUTBURSTS OF APPLAUSE TO
EXPOSITION OF. DEMOCRATIC. PRINCIPLES AND ARRAIGNMENT OF REPUBLICAN POLICY BY CHARLES A. TOWNE AT THE FIRST RALLY
OF THE PARTY IN SAN FRANCISCO. ,
It is common report that W. H. Rick
ard, who was simply a boss chattel In the
last Legislature. Is slated for the nomi
nation in the Thirty-eighth District. In
the Thirty-ninth the indications are that
Ben McKinley will get the nomination
Frank Lewis and D. McBeth are spoken*
of. Hamilton Eauer in the Fortieth and
H. C. Dibble in the Forty-first have been
nominated. All the signs point to the
election of Bauer. In the Forty-third
District James D. Hart and Martin Bradv
are candidates, and each has six votes in
the delegation.- u
In the Thirty-fifth District E. F Tread
well and William Shepson are epoken ot
as candidates. :
DEMOCRATS FIXING A SLATE
Majority of the Nominations for the
Legislature Are Already De
cided Upon.
The majority of the Democratic legis
lative nominations are alreadv elated, but
Adam Eeck, F. V. Cox and S. E. Knight
are looking for As^mbly recognition in
the Thirty-fourth District Alpheua
Duffee will probably get the nomination
in the Thirty-sixth, although O. H. Mer
rill is mentioned. Arthur G. FIsk and W.
J. Toung are in the field of the Thirty
seventh District.
The indications are that Charles R.
Franklin will be nominated for the As
sembly in the Twenty-eighth District.
Jerry Collins is slated for the nomination
in the Twenty-ninth. Henry Burns is a
candidate iu the Thirty-first District.
The Twenty-fifth Senatorial District
embraces the Forty-fourth and Forty
fifth Assembly districts. The Senatorial
district elected John Feeney, a Democrat,
four years ago. The Republicans have
been losers in the district for many years
for no other cause t^ian factional fights.
Lost nleht John H. Kelson was nomi
nate.
The Twenty-third Senatorial District
embraces the Thirty-first and Thirty
ninth Assembly districts. For the past
four years the people of the district have
been represented by Sidney Hall. Candi
dates for the nomination are John J.
Tyrrell, Edward Xolan and James Wilk
inson.
The Twenty-first Senatorial District
embraces the .Thirty-seventh and Thirty
eighth Assembly districts. Four years
ago E. I. Wolfe was elected to represent
the people of the district in the State
Senate, but he preferred to serve the cor
porations and the bosses. He is a candi
date for renominatlon. Other candidates
are Frank Grimes, ex-Governor E. S.
Salomon and James E. Fields.
The Tenth Senatorial District embrace*
Thirty-third and Thirty-fifth Assem
bly districts. I_ J. Dwyer, a Democrat,
represented the district in the State Sen
ate for the past four years. The indica
tions are that Merton C. Allen will be
nominated on the Republican ticket to
succeed Dwyer. Ex-Senator Thomas C.
Maher, however, has a strong following.
The Seventeenth Senatorial District,
which was misrepresented in the last
Legislature by S. Braunhart, embraces
the Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth As
sembly district-s. Martin Kelly began his
active political career in that district aa
a Democrat under Buckley's orders. Sub
sequently he served under the famed Re
publican boss, William Higgins. Dibble,
who is now serving under Kelly, received
hfs first training in Louisiana, Bogus
Tek-gram Lynch* who is now a Kelly un
derstudy, got his first lessons in San Ber
nardino County. It is said that Kelly has
decided to give the Senatorial nomination
in that district to William Daly. The
story goes that E. J. Smith can have
the nomination for the asking, but has no
desire to go to the Legislature. Charles
Kenneally and John Dougherty are on the
available list.
P"or Justices of the Peace Groezlnger
ana Dunn, incumbents, and P. V. Long
are flated. R. E. H. Lyons and Frank
Kingwell are fighting hard for one of the
other places, with the chances and the
boF«=es favoring Lyons.
cancics and that Judge Bahrs will likely
fall in for another. Judge Belcher and
D. J. Murphy are not out of the race by
any means, and one or the other may
develop sufficient strength to win before
the battle is finished. In fact the renom
ination of Judge Belcher is predicted by
the insiders.
Various Factions in the Republican
Hanks 17ot Yet Agreed in
the Matter.
¦ slate for Superior Judges in the Re
:. an Convention has net been fixed
.. ;he satisfaction of the various fac-
Th«" short term has been won by
;':¦-<-. .•< H. Kerrigan and Ills election lseon
' cc *'^ ky ls Democratic adversaries. Max
C. tr.ss is on the accepted 21st for a Ions
terra nomination. It is said, however,
that ex-Police Judge Thomas Graham has
bc^r. nromleed ¦ one of the remaining va-
CLATE NOT YET COMPLETE.
PRECINCT registration yesterday I
added 5000 names to the list of j
registered voters in San Fran
cisco. The city is still 7000 short
of the registration in 1S3S, and
only three more days remain for voters to
rc—ister.' The State Central Committee
¦evil! put forward its best efforts to line up
every unregistered voter between to-mor
row morning and Wednesday evening:
r.r-Xt.
Among the callers at committee head
quarters yesterday ¦was United States
Senator George C. Perkins. He tendered
his services to speak In big places or
small towns, just as the managers of the
car.r.aisrn should desire. '
E ..:?1 D. Woods, Republican nominee
for rnin.l< urn in the Second District, will
a his speaking campaign to-morrow
evening. The tour is mapped out as fol
¦ ulterrde, Mcr.day. September 24; Marlposa,
T'. — :«••, September 25; Hcreitos, 'Wednesday,
September CS; Jamestown, Thursday, Beptem
bei .". Carter*, Friday, September 2S; Sonora.
Busrdsy, September 2S; Chico, Monday, Oc
tober 1: Yuba City, Tuesday, October 2; Wheat-
Und. 'VVe<Jnc«^ay. October 3; Lincoln. Thursday,
' • :>r «; Icne, Friday, October S; Jackson,
Eatorday, October C; gutter Creek, Monday,
C "bT *; Mokelumr.e Hill. Tuesday, October
SAfcV^tele. Wednesday. October 10; San An
<3*^». Thursday. October 11: Gait. Friday.
1 bobcr U; Sacramento, Saturday, October 13,
"r ville, Monday, October 15; MaryfviUe. Tues
day. October U; Piaeervl!!*, Wednesday, Oc
tober IT; Georgetown, Thursday. October 1*;
Tracy. Friday. October 1?: L^dl. Saturday. Oc
tober 20; Auburn. Friday. October 26; Rocklln,
Saturday. October 27; Forest Hill, Monday.
October 2S; Cclias. Tu^rday, October 29; I
Truck*-. tr«£oea4ay. Octofjer 31; LfJtch FIa% I
Thursday. J."-5verr.b«r 3; Xevada. Oity, Friday.
November 2; Orass Valley, Saturday, Xovember
t; Stockton, Monday. November i.
The Republican Municipal Convention
will meet apjain to-morrow evening at
B'aaJ B'rith Hall, The bosees ye?=ttrOay
were devotlr.jr time to the consideration
of County Committee affair?.. Boss Kelly
las not yet announced whether he will
order Berg-erot to appoint a blanket com- I
mittee or permit cistrict delegations to |
respectively eelect their committeempn.
Uoes Kelly can control th<» committee by
either system. The- Republican State Con- I
vention at Santa Cruz recognized his con- j
tcstir.g delegation* and thus gave boss- I
ism a positive advantage over the clean j
element* of the party In £an Francisco. !
When decent Republicans sought to do-a-n j
Kelly in the local cor.ver.tion the indefati- !
table boes produced a State convention
rollcall Ehowlnp that he had been recog
nized at £anta'CnJZ. The assistance which
the State convention cave to Boss Kelly j
enabled him to get control of the iocal or- I
car-ization. It is now time for Van Fleet. !
EtODC and Cutter to look out for Novem
ber knifing. Boss Kelly knifed and dt- ¦
feate>d Estee, the Republican nominee for i
Governor, and may not hesitate to knife !
the national ticket. The nineteen thou- j
• nd ttalwart. unccmpromii,!ng anti-boss '¦
a.ien who voted fcr the distinguished clti- ¦
Ken and honoied Republican, Horace Da
vis, will take care of Bess Kelly in a local <
sense, but the State Committee must look
out for the national ticket.
Delegates selected to represent the ex
clusive and aristocratic minority of the
Democrat in party of San Francisco will
meet to-morrow night at Odd Fellows' j
JIt.ll to ratify nominations made by Gavin!
Jlc.Vab. The ticket is already prepared, j
but time-honored ceremonies of caliing j
the convention to order and eulogizing the |
nominees have not been Derfromed. If
there be no change in the programme '
J.r,uis de F. Bartiett will be chosen to
preside over the exclusive convention.
Politicians are wondering what will be
mid and done when the resolution is pre- I
rented to indoi-se the admiriist ration of
" :::--s D. Phflan and commend the Hearst
andvicbes. •
L.oriS DE F. BARTLETT, WHO WILL PROBABLT BE CHOSEN TO PRE
SIDE OVER THE DEMOCRATIC MUNICIPAL NOMINATING CON
VENTION TO ASSEMBLE AT ODD FELLOWS' HALL TO-MORROW.
A, Ruef gained a complete victory over
the Kelly and Crlmmins faction in the
legislative contest In the Twenty-fifth
Senatorial DiEtrict at the convention held
last night. The three candidates selected
by the lawyer-politician won out.
John H. Nelson, a deputy In the Tax,
Collector'3 office, secured the nomination
for Senator and Alexander Campbell Jr.
and A. Brown were given the nomination
for Assemblymen for the Forty-fourth and
Forty-fifth districts respectively.
It Was charged that the bosses had
made good use of money during the day
and had secured some of the delegates
pledged to Ruef. Sufficient of the jump
ers were brought back, however, to secure
the plums for Ruefs men by a single
vote.
R. H. Jones was Nelson's opponent.
John H. Nelson Gets the Senatorial
Nomination in the Twenty
fifth, District.
in a few Senatorial and Assembly districts
there are Interesting contests.
Joseph Plunkett will be the nominee
In the Seventeenth Senatorial District.
He has both of the Assembly District
delegations solidly behind him.
In the Nineteenth Senatorial District
Thomas E. Curran will probably be nom
inated, although he has opposition In the
person of Stephen Byrne.
Charles Sweipert Is mentioned as the
probable candidate from the Twenty-first
Senatorial District. M. Egan Is his oppo
nent.
In the Twenty-third Senatorial District
there Is a stubborn fight being waged.
Thomas "VW HIckey apparently has the
best chance for the nomination. His com
petitors are Theodore Roach, Louis Ward
and D. S. O'Brien.
J. J. O'Connell. the baseball umpire, will
be nominated for Senator from the Twen
ty-fifth District. Both the Forty-fourth
and Forty-fifth Assembly district dele
gations are solid for h!m.
Among the Assembly districts, Eugene
F. Lncey will be nominated in the Twen
ty-eighth, Thomas J. Horan In the Tweu
ty-nlnth, George McLaughlln in the Thir
tieth and Dr. Charles M. Troppmann In
the Thirty-second.
John Sullivan will probably be the nomi
nee from the Thirty-first District. He has
James Fay and John Kelly against him.
William E. Foley, James H. McCormick
and S. A. Born are candidates In the
Thirty-sixth District.
In the Thirty-eighth District Bert
Schle.«lnger will probably be nominated.
Oscar Sutro will be nominated in the
Forty-first. Hull McClaujfhry in the For
ty-third, A. A. Cavagnaro In the Forty
fourth and William Gately in the Forty
fifth.
For the Superior Judgeshlps. Judge*
Coffey, Dalngerfleld and Lawlor will tie
renominated. Stephen Costello will prob
ably be the other long-term nominee,
though Wallace A. Wise and Robert Fer
ra'. are candidates .. for the nomination.
One of the three will be named for the
short term.
For Justices of the Peace, James E.
Murphy is most prominently mentioned.
He is a graduate of Stanford University
and Is a practicing attorney. The dele
gations south of Market street are en
thusiastic in his support.
Timothy Fitzpatrick. Assemblyman Wil
liam White and D. S. O'Brlen. if the latter
fails to be named for Senator, may be tha
other nominees.
HUEF DEFEATS THE BOSSES
Senator Perkins in the Campaign — Louis
de F. Bartlett to Preside Over
: Exclusive Democrats. •'*
Charles A. Towne Arraigns tne
Policy of the Administration
in Caustic Terms.
SLATE MAKING IN
TWO CONVENTIONS
DEMOCRATS' FIRST RALLY
NOT OVERENTHUSIASTIC
| Pages 23 to 32
?
Pages 23 to 32.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1900.
S£f %*?! ITS r^PCohen rendered the decisions from the
etand. Just to keep up the uncertainties
of the game, Casdale, Merry Boy and
Formero. all done brown favorites in some
I very brttingr maneuvers, wore
j fanned into a ftate of unconsciousness.
"Dick" Havey occupied the starter's box
and his work called for nothing but praise.
Like all county fair meetings, the sport
was tnijie<3. althousrh the nut spielfrs and
the gingerbread Venders were conspicuous
by their absence. So, too, were the har
ness horse folks in the minority, the 2:13
pace being the one solitary event down
for d^iiFion. Zaloch on his Sacramento
form looked the class of the four starters,
and the four bookies laying odds took no
liberties with the Southern California
horse. Two breaks cost the favorite tlx©
second heat, but after that Driver Lipman
had fun with the other teamsters. Ratta
tat. tho Montana mare, secured second
i money. *
Every burner of the midnight oil con
ceded the Golden Gate handicap at seven
furlongs to Formero, with his 112 pounds.
Willie -sink's horse, ridden by Ruiz, ruled
an even money favorite and never bo
much cS received a chalk mark after get
ting a'vay from the post none too well.
True I-lue, with Uennessy up and 3 to 1
In the ring, v.as never headed, winning by
himself. In a desperate drive St. Cuth
bert, piloted by Johnny Woods, snatched
the place from Pornpino by a nose, the
first choice a head farther away. Snips
ran badly and can do better.
Dunfree, at odds on, experienced no dif
ficulty in capturing the two-year-old
scramble from a mediocre consignment.
Biivapsa was scratched, and Parsifal led.
GeorRe Dewey over the line for place
honors.
A man from the country would think
Casdale was "Hawkins" horte" the way
the coin went in on the Murry
entry to win the 3ix furlong: run which
Large Gathering of Raee-Goers at Oakland Traek — Zaloeh
Took 2:13 Paee— Formero Unplaeed.
OPENING OF THE GOLDEN
GATE FAIR ASSOCIATION
HARD FOUGHT CONTESTS BE
TWEEN THE HIGH SCHOOL
ATHLETES AT BERKELEY.
Favorites had things pretty much their
own way In the first round of the open
flake at San Mateo Coursing Park yes
terday and captured all but five of the
runs. On account of the extremrly hot
v.pather the management ruled that one
Favorites Win Nearly All
the Events at San
Mateo Park.
SWIFT DOGS ARE
EVENLY MATCHED
* "Rainier," the only beer on the Paciflo
Coast that received a medal at the Paris
Exposition. It is pur*. v •
worked Candelarla, a 5 to 1 favorite.
The finals to-day should furnish some
interesting coursing.
The day's results, with Judge John
Grace's official scores, follow:
Open stake, first round— R. E. de B. Lopez's
Pepita beat Curtis & Son's McKinley, 17-15;
Walsh & Heenan's Sacramento Boy beat Cur
tis & Son's Cash, 6-2; J. P. Thrift's Forget
e ,f l F i P?" ers ? n ' 8 <>*"¦ Maggie. 13-4; Russell.
Allen & Wilson's First Foot beat J. L. Ross'
Montaulc. 28-0; W. Creamer's Lily Wrieht &
bye: Curtis & Son's War Eagle beat J L.
RO3S' Wautaugh, 13-7: Erwin & Lyon's silver
Wine* beat Russell, Allen & Wilson's Straya
way. 5-4: Maker & Reid's Bad Boy beat R E
de B. Lopez's Waribee, 7-5; Curtis & Son's
Anchor beat J. M. Ilalton's Tic Tac 24-3' R
E. de B. Lopez's Sweetness beat J. R. Smith's
JOJtWt-l: R. E. de B. Lopei's Sara beat J
ChambiUe's Hot Foot. 3-2; M. H. Scher.r4r's
The Exile beat Fastfa Kennels' Risky Attempt!
8 "V, tF ' J ; Mdnerncy's Annie Hall beat Con
nell Bros.' White Hat. 23-1; Kay Bros.' Hawker
beat. Russell Allen & Wilson's Scotland Y"
11-9: Pasha Kennels' Rural Artist beat W
Creamer's Jesse Moore. 7-5; J. P. Thrift's Brui
tus hatRE de B. LopWs Crawford La*
21 "J £ Al M cComb's Motto a byej Pasha Kenl
5 e i 9 SPH? d About *•« J - I" RosF Wild Wave
3 : 2:. S Handy's Twin City Girl beat Pasha
Kennels' Recording Arfcl. 13-9; T. J. Mcln^r
neys Tommy Rex beai*R. E. de B Lor£2«
c Vo . It l b . at 'T, 14 ' 7: P ' DoyIe ' 8 liberator beat J^R
Smith's Petronius 10-6; E. Geary's Palo Alto
beat Pasha Kennels' Random Aim. 8-0; p a *ha
Kennels' Royal Anne beat R. E. de B T Lopez's
SS7i^ 1(I t ? a^ a Kenn «l»' May Hemp!
jtead beat J. Horns Bona Fld«. «-4- T J lft>-
Inerney'8 Norah beat J. H. W.Muller'a Cruiser.
»-i. A. Johnson s Mountain Beauty beat J
?r? *£.*? Geraldlne 5-0: F. Jones' Harlean
£ t? y T S T f at r, A v T" n ? er Bur *'» Copperhead.
21-9: H. A. Deckelman's Rocker beat R. E. de
B Inez's Minnie Wa Wa, 22-11; J. O'Dowd's
Shootover beat Kay Bros.' Crosspatch. 10-6-
T- ?• Mclnerney's Rrgina R beat Curtis &
° n l3 2 Id » G i, Or^- n - 1: Pasha Kennels' Rest As
sured beat P. J. Reilly'a Moonbrlght, 12-10: L.
F. Barters Mac's Melody a bye; Russell. Al
len & Wilson's Wedding Bells beat Curtis A
Sons Candelarla. 9-7; E. Geary'" Ireland boat
v.1? 1 - *. Smlth " Sylvanus, 1S-12: Curtis & Son's
Kibosh beat F. Boyle's Secret. 13-10: Curtis &
Son's Warpath beat L. F. Bartel's Beer Brew
er, 4-2; Aeneid Kennels' Achilles beat J. Hol
den's Scottish Chief. 7-6: J. . Byrne's Battle
ship beat J. Hlgrins' Robert Emmet. 14-7:
Aeneid Kennels' Fine Fire beat A. Johnson's
Bald Eagle. 6-2: Cuttis & Son's Shadow beat
R. E. de B. Lopez's Warifro, 26-8; F. Jonas'
Wedsrcwood beat R. E. de B. Lopez's Diablo.
8-2: W. Creamer's Onward beat Pasha Ken
nels' Rolllckincr Airs, 15-6; P. J. Rellly's Th«
Grafter beat Curtis & Son's Echo, 1-4: R. E.
de B. Lopez's Whltebead beat T. J. Mclner
ney's Johnnie R, 6-1; J. P. Thrift's Tyron*
Prince beat Jeff Martenett'a Slim. «-3: Curtis
& Son's Psych* be«t H. A. Deckelman's Ka
naka, 3-2; J. Chamberlin's Julius Caesar beat
Connell Bros.'. St. Helen. «-4; J. Button's May
flower beat J. Htgglns' Sara Curran, 7-0.
The high-class greyhounds entered in
the Union Park open stake were given a
hard day's work In the hot sun yesterday
chasing the well-fed and healthy Merced
hares. The weather was suitable to the
jacks, and in conseauence the average
scores got up in the double figures. j
The day's feature was the winning- of
Geary's great courser, Palo Alto, who
showed speed enough to satisfy the wise
ones that, barring accident, thero is noth
ing In the stake to stop him on the road
to first money. In the course with the
Pasha Kennels* Random Aim, Palo Alto
took the lead and when the flag was
raised had piled up six points without let
ting his opponent score.
Whitehead and Mayflower showed up in
great form, and if condition counts either
is likely to contest with Palo Alto for
final honors. Sacramento Boy took an
easy course from Curtis & Sons 1 Cash in
the early oart of the stake, and Is well
favored for^a position near the big end of
the purse. ,
Added to the natural advantages pos
sessed by these fast ones the work done
by them in the run down was of the short
order and will not handicap them in the
running to-day.
Short ends made a fair showing 1 and
Sf'w'^v'" averaee good odds.
The best of the bunch waa that of The
Exile against Risky Attempt. Ten to 1
and better could be had against the win
ner's chances. The Exile made easy work
of It, leading ¦ and taking the first two
turns and allowing but one point to be
-made against his 8. Wedding Bells out
Runs a Great Course at
Union Park and Beats
Cash Pointless.
FUST PALO ALTO
IS A FAVORITE
(V. C). Cadogan (U. C); tuigts of finish,
Messrs. Mohr. Walsh and Abadle: announr-r,
Louis Kennedy. C C. : inspectors. PrrweU. Har
ris and Kreuschke; field Judges. Hoffman anl
Woolsey, U. C. ; scorer. Graves. U. C.
Large Gathering Views the Equine
CLOSING DAY AT STOCKTON.'
Contests at the Track.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
STOCKTON, Sept. 22.-The last day of
the race meeting proved the best of the
week. The country population attended
in large numbers and took a lively Inter
est in the contests.
All four of the horses entered In the
2:11 pace were new comers. Queen R was
the favorite. The book odds were:
Queen R even money, Goshen Jim 2 to 1,
"Wild NutHng 4 to 1; and Georgia B 3 to
L The betting was light. Goshen Jim
won the race, with Wild NutHng second.
Queen R third and Georgia B fourth.
In the 2:30 trot Frederlcksburg was a
bad actor, but in spite of his capers man
aged to win. Summary:
Pacing. 2:30 class, stake $400:
Fredericksburg (C. F. Bunch) 1 S 1 1
Jennie S (J. J. Sangster) 2 18 2
Our Boys' Sister (H. H. Hellman).^. S 4 2 d
Durfee Me (H. Lelghlnger) ,. '« 2 dr '
Time— 2:14. 2:21, 2:14V4, 2:20%.
Pacing, 2:11 clans:
Ooshen Jim (S. Eddy) Jill
Georgia B (William Cecil) 14 2 4
Queen R (P. W. Hodges) 3 2 4 8
Wild Nutlelgh (H. H. Mellman) 4 3 2 2
Time— 2:14, 2:10V4., 2:12, 2:1*H.
Running:, five and a half furlongs— leabelle
(Dodd) won, Miss Dividend (Wallace) second
Kyletta (Kelly) third. Time, 1:08%. Fear Not
and El Arto also ran.
Running, six furlongs— Dolore (Frawley) won
Twinkle Twink (Brown) Becond, Manzanllla
(Kelly) third. Time, 1:16. Rapido and Estro
also ran.
Ixjwers World's Record.
Special Dispatch to The Call
CLEVELAND. Ohio. Sept 22.— The for
mer San Francisco stallion, John A. Mo-
Kerron; reduced the world's amateur rec
ord for a .trotter to wagon to 2:09 to-day
It was only last Wednesday that tha
horse won the championship challenge cup
f»\?^th^££ atcllei had the mile
Heavy Track at Buffalo.
BUFFALO, Sept. 22.— Weather bad;
track heavy. Results:
Four and a half furlongs— Little Joe won.
Mauda Walton second, Dossle third. Time!
:59^4. .
Fiva and a half furlongs, selling— Rabunta
won, Lasker second. Virginia third. Time,
1:18?4. »¦*-
Handicap, one mile— Alfred Varcrave won
Butter Scotch second. Lamp Globe third. Time!
Seven furlongs, selling— By George won
Hansborough second. Wild Het third. Time,
Five furlongs— Gray Delly won. Leii a Ban
second, Maggie W third. Time, 1:05%.
Six furlongs, selling— Pearl won. Momentum
second, Annie Laureatta third. Time, 1-20%
: minute was long enough for a pair of
hounds to chase the wel 1 conditioned
hares without assistance, and in conse
-ciufnce when a course had reached that
limit relief do^s were turned loose. An
a result many of the best dogs were saved
pome hard work and will appear to a bet
ter advantage in to-day's finalE.
lily of the West. Fallon's many-time
stake winner, put up a pood course
against Night Time, beating him point
less. This is her first time out In some
months and from lack of work she seems
hardly abie to go the long route.
O'Shea Bros." Golden Rule showed a
vast improvement over her last going,
and with her kannelmate. Young America,
stands a chance to reach the last rounds.
Connemara is also a likely candidate.
Flora McDonald put up a speedy go
with Best Bargain, but is a trifle over
weight, which fact might tell against her.
Considering the comparatively easy
work of yesterday and that the best dogs
are still fn the stake, to-day's programme
should furnish many clever goes. The
dogs are so evenly matched throughout
that the talent will find it hard to pick
the winners and figure prices. ¦
The day's results, with Judge Andrew
Dean's official scores, follow:
San Uateo Coursing Park: Open stake, first
round— J. Cone's Red Glen beat J. Dempsey's
Jinple Bells, 7-5: D. E. Wiley's High Born Lady
btat G. Lennon's Half Moon, 12-1; A. John
eon's Tod Sloan beat C. Grau's Martha Wash
ington. J0-5; E. M. Kelloggr's Ben's Babe beat
P. Bhacnon's Safeguard, io-5; J. J. Edmonds'
Go On beat W. Cairne's Imperial, 5-3; F, C.
Mack's Delia M beat J. Collins' Richmond
Queen, E-5; Russell, Allen & Wilson's Victor
Boy beat J. Flowers' Keystone, 13-11; G. Len
non's Jennie Noyes beat J. Kennedy's Ever
ehore, 6-2; B. D. Fallon's Lily of the West beat
K. Burke's Night Time. S-O; Russell, Allen is
Wilson's Rosle Claire beat L. F. BarteJs" Ban
ner Uiicht, 4-2; T. Logan's Honor Bright beat
D. Tolands Twilight Jr., C-4; Lowe & Thomp
son's Little Fullerton beat W, C. Glasson's
SleiKh Bells. 6-1; J. Carroll's Master Claire beat
J. McCormick's White Lily, 6-1; J. R. Smith's
Victor Queen beat Kelly & Hanley"s Baby
King. 6-2; J. Potter's Palmnower beat Lande
& Gerber's Concord, 10-S; Captain Cane's Mi5s
Penman beat Schafter Bros.' Fair Glen, 13-8;
J. Dean's Slsquoc beat P. ' McCabe' s Sky Blue,
22-10; D. Dillon's Dew Drop beat W. J. Brown
ing's Mountain Belle. 7-2; Lowe & Thompson's
Flora McDonald beat L. F. Bartels' Best Bar
gnin, 8-3; C. Bon&r*8 Wild Nora beat James
Dean's Gallant, 4-2: P. M. Clarkson's Golden
Garter beat J. D. Monaban's Tired Out. 19-3;
J. Kennedy's Wine 'West beat J. R. Smith's
Jennie Sylvanus, 20-0; O'Shea Bros." Golden
Rule beat Ccndrey & Rought's Nightingale,
10-5; C. B. Charlsworth's Crawford Braes beat
J. E. Monahan's T Q, 14-0; P. J. Rally's Hon
esty beat L&nrJe & Gerber's Mouni Ida, 7-3;
Aeneid Kennels' Aeneas beat J. Potter* s Re
mus C-3; O'Shea Bros.' Young: America beat
Sullivan & Trainer's Maid of the Hill, 6-4; D.
Toland's Pleasant Girl beat W. Cairne's Gladys
Weller, 15-4; E. M. Kellogg' s Iowa Boy beat T
Cooncy"s Sweet Favordale, 6-3: Condrey &
Kought's Flying Daisy a bye: T. Logan's Miss
Grizzle beat J. R. Smith's Password, 7-5; F
Sfhou's Kinir's Borderer beat W. G. Badger's
Alameda Lad. 6-3; P. McCabe's Fair Lily beat
J. Linnehan's Lollta, 12-1; P. Jackson's Golden
Russet beat E. M. Kello&s's Kid McCoy. 6-3;
J. Dean's Connemara beat O'Shea Bros.' Merry
Girl, 10-0: Russell, Allen & Wilson's Spiteful
beat Harrigan & Wiegand's Overture, 6-3; F
Schou's Lady Glenkirk beat Condrey &
Rournt s Homeward Bound, 8-3; Russell, Allen
& Wilson's Talk to M« beat J. MoCormack's
Proud Beauty. 6-0: Aeneid Kennels' Athena
beat M. London's Magneto, 8-0; F. Schou's
Smuggler beat J. , J. Edmonds' ( Whisky Hill
6-0; A. Johnson's Lowlaader* beat ScMran ft
Trainer's My Selection. 12-3; Russell, Allen &
Wilson's Belle Claire beat J. Byrnes' Olympus,
10-7; W. C. Glasson's Santonin beat D. Shan
non's Strand of Gold, 18-10; J. Carroll's Auck
land beat P. McKeon's Rieby, 14-9.
50-yard dash— Flr«t heat. R. Boettlger. B. H.
S., first: H. Metcalf. C. H. S., »econd; Mlraada,
O. H. S.. third. Second heat. Gait. O. H. S-.
first; Nelson, B. II. S., second. Final. Boet
tlger, B. H. 8., first; Gait, second. Time, 6
seconds.
Two-mile run— Westdahl, O. H. 8., first;
Bibby. C. H. S.. second; Martin. C. H. S..
third. Time. 10:52.
8S0-yard run— Smiley, O. H. 8.. first; Norton.
O. H. S., second; "Wrampelmeir, B. H. S.,
third. Time, 2:13.
100-yard dash— La Valller*. O. H. 8., first;
Wilcox. O. H. S.. second; Gait, O. H. 8.. third.
Time. :11.
120-yard hurdles— First heat, Chaplin, B. H.
S., first; Barkan, I* H. 8., second. Second
heat, Hlckey.'B. H. S., first; Luca». O. H. 8..
second. Final, Chaplin, first; Barkan. tecond;
Ulckey, third. Time. 17 J-5. .
440-yard run— La Vallier*. O. H. 8.. first;
Needham, B. H. S.. aecond; Harrison. B. H.
S.. third. Time. :55 1-5. .•
220-yard hurdles— First heat. Chaplin. B. H.
S.. first; Lucas. O. H. £.. second. Second heat.
R. Boettlper. B. H. S.. first: Baxkan. L. H. S..
second. Final, R. Boettlger, first; Bark&n, sec
ond; Chaplin. B. H. S., third. Time. :30.
Mile run— Clough, O. H. 8., first; W'estrtahl.
O. H. S.. second; Martin. C. H. 8.. third
Time, 5:05 1-5.
220-yard dash— First heat. Hughes. O. H. 8..
first: Grlndley. B. H. S., second. Second heat.
Wilcox, O. H. S., first; H. Metcalf, second;
Finn. B. H. 8., third. Final. Wilcox. first;
Hughes, second: Grlndley. third. Time. :24 3-5.
Pole vault— Miranda. O. H. 8.. first; Bur
pee, O. H. 8.. second: Volz. B. H. 8.. third.
Distance, 9 feet 6 Inches.
12-pound shot-put— Volx, B. H. 8., first; O.
1 Boettlger. B. H. 8., second; Hawley, B. H. 8.,
third. Distance. 41 feet 6 Inches.
, Broad Jump— Metcalf. O. H. S.. first; Chap
lin. B. H. S.. second: Miranda, O. H. S..
third. Distance. 19 feet 8 inches.
High Jump— Hickey, B. H. 8., first; Need
ham. B. H. S., second; Hughes, O. H. S..
third. Distance. 5 feet.
Relay race, one mile— Oakland Hlsrh School,
first; Berkeley High School, second. Time,
Hammer-throw— Volz, B. H. 3., first: O'Con
nor, O. H. S., second: R. Bcwtti«rer, B. H. 8..
third. Distance, 103 feet 2 inches.
The officials were: Starter, T. Hamlln. IT.
C; timers; 1 Elliott (U. C), A. M. Cheek Molder
NEW YORKS AGAIN -WIN.
Have Taken Three Straight Games
• From Brooklyn.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Clubs— W. LkFct. Clubs— W. L.Pct.
Brooklyn ....73 49 .:,99 Chicago 5S 67 .464
Fittsburs ...72 G2 .58: St. Loulo 65 67 .450
Philadelphia. 6o 5S .".20 Cincinnati ..54 69 .43$
Boston 61 61 .500 Uew York 53 "0 .431
NEW YORK, Sept. 22.-New York made it
three straight by defeating Brooklyn this after
noon. Donovan went up in the air In the
fourth Inning and gave New York five runs.
Kennedy, who replaced him, was a puzzle to
the New Yorkers. There was much kicking
by both teams. Attendance 5000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Brooklyn S 8 1
New YorK 8 9 3
Batteries— Donovan, Kennedy and McGulre;
Hawl*»y and Bowerman. Umpire— Snyder.
PITTSBURQ. Sept. 22.— St. Louis won the
third game of the series by hitting Chesbro
hard and driving him out of the box in the
sixth innina. Waddell then went In and not
another hit was made by the visitors. Attend
ance 8000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. S.
Fittxbur? 6 11 4
St. Louts 7 14 0
Batteries— Chesbro, "Waddell and- Zimmer;
Jones and Crigcr. Umpire— O f Day.
CINCINNATI. Sept. 22.— Chicago mid* hits
at the right time to-day and won a close and
interestinz game. Attendance 900. Score:
Clubs— R, H. B.
Cincinnati '. 4 8 l
Chicago .« 5 6 2
Batteries— Scott and Peltz; Menefee and
Kling. Umpire— Emslle,
BOSTOX. SeDt. 22.— Philadelphia won th«
final game to-day. Attendance 3000. Score:
Clubs— R. h. K.
Boston 4 11 2
Philadelphia 5 9 6
Batteries — 'Willie and Clarke: Donohue and
McFarland. Umpire — Hurst.
McEachern the Winner.
BALTIMORE, Sept. 22.— The elx days'
paced bicycle race on the Coliseum "bowl"
track, between Archie , McEachern of
Canada, Burns Pierce, of Fall River,
Mas3., and Henry Smith of this city, one
hour a night, ended. to-night in a victory
for McEachern by a score of 212 miles 5
laps 161 yards, to 212 miles 1 lap yards
for Pierce. Smith was far In the rear.
On Wednesday night both the leaders
broke all previous records for five, ten
fifteen, twenty, twenty-five, thirty and
thirty-five miles, and on the following
night lowered their own best scores made
the night before. Friday night brought
forth even better work, both men doing
more than thirty-six miles in the hour and
smashing the minor records right and
left.
Bed Ribbon Meet Ended. '
FORT WAYNE,-' Ind., Sept. 22. -The
closing of the Red Ribbon meeting saw
no sensational performances. Summary:
,2:!0 pace (unfinished, from Friday), purse $800
—Sophia won second, third and fourth heat"
Best time, 2:10'^. Theresa Wllkes, Jay B
Dandy. Slumber, Lady Alright, "Willow and
Jean C also started.
t:Zi trot, purae $800— Whltewood won. Best
time, 2:14';. Major Gear, Sprlngdale, Dorothy
Redmond, Lily Sherbert, Truffles, Frequent and
First Land also started. \ -
2:18 trot, purse JSOO — Wauban won. Best time,
2:16>4. Flash Lightning-, Escobar, Timberlake,
Constenare, Baby B and Basil Wilkes also
started. ;>,-"-;
Harry Elkes Wins.
. CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Sept. 22.— Harry
Elkes won the second of his series of
three races with John Nelson at Charles
River Park to-night, Breaking all records.
Elkes rode 36 miles 72G yards in one hour
and finished 8% laps in the lead. He cov
ered the fifty miles in 1:22:22 2-5.
Reliance Team Wnis.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 22.— The football game
at Cyclers' Park to-day between the Reli
ance of San Francisco ;and Santa Clara
College teams was won by the former by
a score of 17 to 6— three touchdowns for
Reliance and one for Santa Clara The
day was too hot for lively playing.
Lowell High School of this city had a
number of entries in the field day, but
only Barkan put In an appearance. That
youngster by fast traveling in the sprint3
netted six points for his school. "Midget"
Westdahl essayed the mile run, but could
only gain second place to Clough. The
lad had fatigued himself in his long run
an hour before and did not do himself
justice. Although tired and suffering
from pains in his chest, he finished the
race and gathered three more points for
his school. „
Oakland High School captured nine
firsts, seven seconds and three thirds.
Berkeley High School gained seven firsts,
four seconds and eight thirds. Lowell
landed second and Central High captured
a second place and two third places. The
winners of the various events follow:
Abbreviations— O. H. 8., Oakland High
School; L. H. S.. Lowell High School; B. H. S..
Berkeley High School; C. H. 8.. Central High.
School; C. S. M. A., California School cf
Mechanical Arts.
The pole vault was long drawn out and
the event was only won by Miranda of
Oakland by a narrow margin. The pole
¦was raised to 9 feet 6 inches, which Is half
a foot over the record made by Volz last
year.
The Oakland relay team was made up
of Hughes,. Cloughl Norton, Jordan, Met
calf and Smiley. ' Berkeley was repre
sented by Grlndley, Finn, Needham, Am
brose, Hawley and Nelson.
The relay race produced more excite
ment than all the field and track events
combined. Oakland won the race by a nar
row margin in exceedingly fast time. Had
Berkeley possessed more fast sprinters
like Ambrose and Elmer Kelson they
would have won the day. Nelson was a
host in himself. He cut down the lead of
the Oakland lads and finished so fast that
the race been prolonged he undoubt
edly would have beaten Smiley.
There was a good attendance at the
games and the climatic conditions were
Ideal for a field day. Both Berkeley and
Oakland turned out a large band of root
ers, who, under the leadership of loud
voiced young men, yelled and encouraged
their representatives on to victory. Pret
ty girls beribboned in blue, the colors of
the Athenian city High School team, and
the red and yellow colors of the Berkeley
contingent waved in the soft breezes that
fanned the young athletes who strove for
victory. «
day at Berkeley the score show
ed the young athletes from the Athe
nian city to be the victors. The Oakland
lads were' nearly Invincible In the track
events and were evenly matched with the
Berkeley boys in the field trials. Only
one record was broken during the day,
and that was the one prophesied In The
Call of yesterday. "Midget" Westdahl
romped away from his field In the two
mile run, and making his own pace re
duced his record for the distance by more
than a minute. His time, 10:52. compares
favorably with the records of many col
lege athletes.
Points.
Oakland High School . . 74
Berkeley High School . . 55
Lowell High School ... 6
Central Sigh School ... 5
AT the close of the semi-annual
field day of the Bay County Ath
letic League, which Is composed
of the foregoing schools, yester-
followed. Backed from 8 to 5 to evens, he
met with a variety of hard luck, getting
to the wire a length behind Pilot. The
latter, ridden by J. Woods and 4 to 1, was
never headed. Trevathan got caught in
the barrier at the start, finishing a fair
third. Good Hope had a big following,
but her work didn't warrant the support.
Another cherry ripe one to go by the
board was Merry Boy, a 1 to 2 chance for
the mile soiling affair. Second most of the
route to Homestake, the chestnut finally,
fell easy prey to Alturas. The winner —
f-econd choice— had been extensively tout
ed, so his victory did not benefit the books,
Jennie Reid cut no figure, packing too
much weight.
In the jilnal six furlong speed recital
Stuart, with the leg up on Flush of Gold,
endeavored to rough ride J. Walsh on the
favorite, Mocorito. The last named mare
came home with something' in reserve, and
the judges fined Stuart $20 for his clever
ness. Novla finished a distant third. Sum
mary:
First race— Pacing, 2:13 class, heats, 8 in 5,
purse $300.
Zaloch. br. h. by McKlnney-Gazelle
(Lipman) 1 3 11
Rattatat, b. m. by Copper King CWil-
Hams) *. , * 1 * 3
Herraia, br. m. by Soudan (Hart)... ..8 2 2 S
Julia Shake, b. m. by Delgamo (Don
athon) vj*"* * * *
Time, 2:12. 2:211*. 2:19. 2:22%.
Pecond race— **lve furlongs, for two-year-olds,
Burns '& Waterhcuse's b. K. Dunfree 110, by
LhincombD-Free Love (Stuart). 1 to 1 1
K. K. Edwards' br. g. Parsifal 110 (J. Woods).
D. 's. Fountains' "b."k. George "bewey 105
(Mouncc). 5 to 1 3
Time, 1:02^.
Helulm 105, Madge Simpson 100, The Fiddler
103 Lucera 100, also ran.
Third race— Six furlongs, selling, purse $250.
L. B. Me Arthur's b. g. Pilot 101, by Morello-
Adelante (J. Woods), 4 to 1 1
W. M. Hurry's l>r. g. Casdale Ml (Mounce),
*"-Vf'Tl .............-......•.•.•..•••>*.•••••.¦¦••->• £
Alameda Stable's b. g. Trevathan 94 (I^ogue),
6 to 1 - 3
Time, 1:15.
Jack McCabe 100, Good Hope 109, Campus
109, Meadow Lark^lOR, Lady Betty 105, St.
Anthony SD, Hiram. Johnson 94, Clarando 107.
also ran.
fourth race— One mile, selling, purse $2o0.
Storey & Davis' ch. r. Alturas 107, by Shan
non-Avondale (Collis). 3 to 1 1
E. E. Edwards' b. g. Merry Boy 112 (J.
Woods), 1 to 2 8
Owen Bros.' b. h. Orady 105 (Mounce), 15 to 1. 3
Time, 1:42.
Homestake 107, Ptromo 112, Xone Such 11!,
Jennie Reid 112, Towser 93, Oscuro 109 and
Evlrato 112. al&o ran.
Firth race — Golden Gate handicap, seven fur
longE, purse $300.
Banta Clara Stable's ch. g. True Blue 112, by
Duke of Norfolk-Carmen (Hennessy)i 3 to L 1
Dr. H. E. Rowell'B ch. g. St. Cuthbert 101
(J. Woods). 8 to 1 2
J D. Dunn's b. g. Poiripino 100 (J. Walsh),
6 to 1. 3
Time, 1:28.
Formero 112, Snips 93 and El Mldo 105, also
ran.
Sixth race— Six furlongs, selling, purse $250.
Abbey Stable's ch. m. Mocorito 111, by Am
lgo-Santa Monica (J. Walsh), 9 to 10 1
Owen Bros.' ch. f. Flush of Gold 06 (Stuart),
8 to 5 • 2
M. F. Tarpey'e b. m. Novla 111 (Ruiz). 4 to L. 3
Time, 1:14.
'Croker 105. Gusto 105. Socialist 105. Mike nice
107 and Romany 108, also ran. '
Capture First Honors at the Semi- Annual Field Day of the
Bay County League— Berkeley Seeond.
• ¦ v *' ""' ¦ _•_
Oakland 4, Sacramento 0.
Oakland beat the champions yesterday
at Recreation Park— shut them out. In
fact— and that Is why the "beer brigade"
celebrated with foaming yellow. Then the
weather was hot and the beer cool. At
the end of the ninth Inning there was
more critical baseball wisdom cast to the
winds that did not blow than would op
erate three rival leagues.
"Nothin" .doin,' " shouted the leader of
the "beer brigade." He had Just paid 25
cents for his seat and was cashing In the
exchange check for much flowing ma.lt
thickly capped with froth. "I tell yer, the
Dudes will win this in a walk. Easy
money,"
The first Inning brought nothing but
ciphers for both teams. Then the only
Jay Hughes was pounced upon by the
Dudes and swatted three times.
"O ho, and six bottles of rum," came
from the brigadier beer consumer. "Will
yer look at Arrellanes skating round those
sacks on a double. And Masky bunts to
Hughes. Oh, get some mucilage for your
fists, Hughes. Well, wouldn't that jar
you? Held gets a hit and Arrellanes steps
all over the rubber. Even Bowman can
work the bunt game just right. Why,
they re all safe. Great Caesar's ghost—
Mangerina gets a single and Held smears
himself on the plate. Too easy, too easy."
When Hardle flew to center and Bow
man scored the brigadier collapsed.
Three hits off Hughes In a single inning!
Well, I gruess we'll alt have a small one
on that," he said, and they did— several
of them.
From the second until the seventh the
brigadier smiled and sipped and was in
termittently silent. But here he £roke
out In every spot. Drennan sewed up one
of Hughes' straight balls somewhere near
the end of the left field bleachers. A
home run was the result. All through the
next two innings the beer came from the
bar like a Galveston storm.; "What's the
use of fighting about It?" said the leader
of the yellow drinkers. "They can't touch
Mosky. You wait. Some day we'll be
'champs.' Maybe next year." The score.*
OAKLAND.
SACRA MEJfTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennan, e. f 8 1 1 0 1 0 0
Hutchlnson, lb 4 0 0 0 8 1" 0
Francks. s. e 4 0 0 0 4 2 0
Arrellanes, 2b 4 1 1 0 4* 5 0
Mosktman, p 4 0 2 0 3 10
Held, 3b 4 110 10 1
Bowman, L f 4 10 0 4 0 0
Maniterina, c 4 0 2 0 3 10
Hardle. r. f 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals S5 4 7 0 27 10 1
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mclaughlin. I. f 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Devereaux. 3b 4 0 0 0 1 2 1
Kagan. s. b 4 0 0 0 1 7 0
Hughes, p 3 0 0 0 0 3 1
Sheehan. e. f 8 0 0 0 2 0 0
Hanlon, lb 3 0 I 0 16 0 0
Stanley, c 3 0 10 2 0 0
Doyle, r. f 3 0 10 0 0 1
Stultz, 2b J 0 0 0 8 5 0
Totals .20 0 4 0 27 17 3
RUNS ANT> HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 08000010 0-4
Baae hits 0 80101110—7
Sacramento 00000000 0—0
Base hits 00002002 0—4
SUM1IART.
Runs responsible for— Hugrhes 4. Home run—
Drennan. Two-base hits— Arrellanes, Ilanlon,
Mosktman. First base on errors— Oakland 2,
Sacramento I. First base on called balls—Oak
land 1. Left on bases — Oakland 4. Sacramento
8. Struck out — By Hughes 2. by Mosklman 3.
Double plays— FranckH . to Hutchlnson: Eagan
to Hanlon. lime ot game— 1:27. Umpire—
O'Connell. Official scorer— J. "W. Stapleton.
Drennan Batted Out a Home Bun in
the Eighth — Oakland Played ' v
Baseball Laden With
Ginger.
DUDES SHUT OUT
THE CHAMPIONS
Sacramento Is Defeated in a
<rame That Was Fast
and Snappy.
ATHLETES OF OAKLAND HIGH
SCHOOL ARE THE VICTORS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1900.
EVERYTHING favored the opening
of the Golden Gate Fair Associa
tion's race meet, which began at
Oaklcnd track yesterday, to con
tinue during: the week to follow.
The weather seemed created for the ooca-
Flon, nearly two thousand people were in
r.itfndance, and the Bport was several
notches atxjve the ordinary. In the grand
stp.nd there was a liberal sprinkling; of the
f-.\v MX, and a silver cornet band from
one of the surrounding towns discoursed
tome tunes heard before.
J. \Y. Brooks, H. H. Egbert and A. A.
24
EXCTTTXG KIXISHE3 IN THE
MIXED RUNNING AND PAC-
E VENTS AT OAKLAND.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Of the nineteen leading: cities of the
country Chicago stands fifteenth In cost
of fire protection, first In parks and
boulevards and sixth in cleaning.
§\ STRICTLY RELIABLE
H Dr. Talcott
5L & Co *
*& t^fcjT^ Practice Confined
\T \rVf // to Disorders of
\ Xi/ \f lh=ft!alc.
Is ran vAUiors fokms of general
fipbility, and cx)nv«icse»tnoe following certain
diseases, such is the lowered standard of the
vital processes that the function of no organ is
perfectly performed, and with the resulting de-
pression the patient has a REAL, weakness
The physician's first thought, under these oon-
ditions, Is nerve and other tonics.
Not Weakness-
Symptoms!
By far the preater number of patients, how-
ever, seeking relief for .(so-called ••WeaJtnees" is
fumlElitd by healthy and robust men. On ex-
amination, we find a Prostate Gl&nd which has
l>ewi darawred by either a contracted disorder
rr early fiiKipatlon, These patients have no
¦weakness aX all. Prwmatureness, Losa of Vital-
ity, etc., are the »j-mi>tom«, or disordered func-
tloo. of the chronically inSamed prostate gland.
V.> find by curing this inflammation that fuli
vir^r at once returns. It should be understood
that tonics, electricity, etc.. might cure a real
»eaJkn<M«g. but would do harm In inflammation.
The main object is to reduce the size of th«
tender, swollen and inflamed prostate. This we
accompliFh by local treatment, thus avoiding
ilrues. Men who have unsuccessfully treated
'or a T.<»akness Fhould now understand th«
f-a-ure of failure. We etnd free on application a
roloted chart of the organs which will be found
uwfu! in home diagnosis and interesting to all
wishing to study the anatomy of the male.
Offlcee and Hospital, entire upper floor.
997 Market St., Cor. Sixth.
AJDVEKTISEMElfTS.
SENT FREE TO MEN !
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
to All Who Write.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental ami
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to dlstribuT^
free trial packages to all who write. It
is a home treatment, and all men who
suffer from any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where it is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that coma
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success la
all cases. A request to tbe State Medical
Institute. T2S Elektron building. Fort
Wayne Ind., statins that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
i oiled with promptly. The Institute is de-
srirous of reaching that great class of men
1 who are unable to leave home to be treat-
! ed and the free sample will enable them
I to 'see how easy it Is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness when the proper remedies
are employed. The Institute makes no re-
strictions. Any man who writes will ba
sent a free sample, carefully sealed In a
plain package, so that its recipient need
¦nave no fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers are requested to write
without delay.
LADD'S GUN STORE,
I«iSb»»"* O Kearny atreet. 3. V.. tot
yB*^ Fishing Tackla and Sporting
Goods. Tliu larseat stock o.i
th» Paciflo. Coast cf every description. Send t
cents in postage stamps for th« latest W-b*^»
Illustrated catalogue. No. tEMIL LEHNHARDT, OAK
LAND'S BUSINESS MAN, IN
HIS SHJRT WAIST.
THOITSANDS AT THE CTRCTJS.
Big Success of Monster Show Pre-
sented by Ringling Bros.
Ten thousand men. women and children
crowded Into the big tent of Rlng-llng
Brothers* circus last night and all went
away satisfied that they had received
their money's worth. There are so many
clever acts going on at the same time that
one needs a half dozen sets of eyes, arid it
is necessary to make two or three visits
in order to see everything.
The star act en the lengthy programme
is unquestionably the performance by
three herds of elephants under the direc
tion of Jean Marchand, Professor Lockhart
and Edouard Souders. The twenty-ton
brass band in v.-hlch the pachyderms play
upon bra*«s instruments. Is extremely ludi
crous. A sensation was created when ona
of the huge brutes, said to weigh three
and a half tons, marched upon his hind
legs with hl3 immense head high in the
air.
John O'Brien's great creation of sixty
one beautiful horses moving In perfect
harmony in the most complicated maneu
vers won great applause, as did his skill
ful riding of his favorite equine. "Gold
Dust," called on the bills an example of
the perfectly educated horse.
The vaudeville turns are all clever, the
acrobatic performance of the Daccma
family being thrtlllns. The high air sen
sations by eminent artists and the hotly
contested trials of speed conclude an ex
ceptionally strong entertainment.
erine Hyde and Beulah and Gladys Brlff
ham. Games were played, prizes betns
won by Nina Clay and Douglas Alexan
der. The "booby" prizes were carried off
by Bernice Bromwell and Robert Bowles.
The tables were decorated with srnilax.
pink carnations and tiny pink candles.
The guests were: Margaret Mosely, Lor
esten Mosely, Susetta Greenwood, Helen
Goodall, Zoe Adams. Dousrlas Alexander,
Bernice Bromwell. Enira McN'ear, Harriet
Alexander, Mary Adams, Tom Babcock.
Grace Vesper. Alice Crellln, Leslie Miller.
Harold Breck. Porter Breck, Marion
Hinckley. Margaret Breck, Monroe Allen.
Philip Fennel. Robert Bowles. Helen
Stone. Marjorle Merritt, Elliot Downing,
Gertrude Bangs. Katherine Bangs. Eliza
beth Folger, Nina Clay. Z. "West Marten,
Eugene Castle and Mildred Pierson.
ALAMEDA. Sept. 22.— Miss Annie J.
Thorn, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. John P.
Thorn, and James W. Sloan of Nashville,
Tenn., will be married to-morrow at noon
at the home of the bride elect, 2109 Clin
ton avenue. The wedding will be a home
affair. The couple will make their home
in Nashville.
OAKLAND, Sept. 22.— Miss Alice Earl,
the daughter of ilr. and Mrs. Guy C.
Earl, was the hostess at a children's
party this afternoon ct the Earl resi
dence, 10 McClure street. After a few
hours spent enjoyably in games, the
guests repaired to the playroom, which
had been transformed temporarily into a
picturesque dining-room. Lanterns and
gaily colored fans ornamented the wails
and- large fish nets, caugh# up with
autumn leaves, were draped on either
Bide. Small tables were scattered about,
in the center of each being a huge cluster
of grapes and autumn leaves. The name
cards were quite unique. Miss Earl's
guests were:
Ethyle Moore, Margaret Meek, Nellie
Adams, Camille Adams, Edith Flint. Ruth
Hall, Mabel Moller, Mildred Pierson.
Eleanor Earl. Catherine Rea, Lottie Mor
rison, Josie Moller, Dollie Burrell, Kath
erine McElrath, Helene Worden, Mary
Gilcrest, Lela Noyes, Helen Hathaway,
Rosalie Ogden, Enid Cunningham. Paul
ine Pierson, Martha Earl. Beth Hoyt,
Thoda Cockroft, Eleanor Munson and
Oenevieve Owens.
• • •
Miss Carolyn Crew gave a muslcale at
her residence on Fairmont avenue last
evening, complimentary to Miss Carrie
Priestly of Smartsville. Mrs. Jessie
Brock Morgan sang several numbers.
Those present were: Miss Carrie Priestly.
Miss Ethel Mott, Mr. and Mrs. Robert
Alwyn. Miss Josephine Brock, Miss Effle
Shull. Miss MacDoupall of San Francisco,
Beach Dean. Charles Lathrop . Percy
Mott, Will Hammer, Joshua Crew and
Arthur Davis.
- • • •
Albion Lodge No. 20C, Sons of St.
George, gave a smoker last night in,
Gler's Hall. During the evening the fol
lowing programme was rendered:
Overture, piano and violin. Messrs. Lercher
and Pollitt: '•God Save the Queen." W. J.
Oakes and cudience; toast, "Great Britain and
her Colonies," A. J. Wilson; eorxg, C. I* Trow;
recitation, Dr. S. II. Chappel; song, J. E.
Dean: quartet. Messrs. Oaken. Dean. Bradley
and Trow; address, E>r. T. I* Herrick ; sons.
"The Raft" (by request). R. Walker-CralK:
"The Star-Spangled Banner." TValker-Cralg
and audience; toast. "The United States," J.
Booth; song. Robert Howden; violin selection.
Professor von Hirsch: song. A. C. BaiHngall;
recitation, Harold Lancaster; songr. W*. J.
Oakes; cornet selection. Otto l>rch»r; "Rule
Britannia," C. L. Trow; toast, "Lord Roberts
and his Comrades." Charles Kydd; duet. "Bold
Gendarmes." Phillips and Dingle; "Auld Lang
Syne," audience.
The officers of the lodge are:
Past president. George Fake; president, W.
Fish; vice president. E. J. Squires; secretary.
J. J. Roberts; assistant secretary. A. K. Or
ton: treasurer, J. de Lancey; chaplain, T.
Booth; messenger, Thomas Fake; assistant
meesenger. F. Hambleton: Inside sentinel, J. P.
Philpot: physician. Dr. F. I* Herrick; trustees
— Joseph Lancaster, A. J. Wilson, R. Nlcholls.
The members who arranged for the en
tertainment were: James Pollitt, J. J.
Roberts, J. Lancaster, F. Phillips, J. S.
Rhodes, A. E. Orton and-T. Fake.
T<vday was the sixth birthday anniver
sary of Frank Oakes Brigham, and he
celebrated at the home of his parents,
Mr. and Mrs. F. E. Brigham, 1007 Oak
street. Mrs. Brigham was assisted in en
tertaining her son's little guests by
Misses Gladys English, Mary Hyde. Kath-
OAKLAND SOCIETY NEWS.
AKLAXD, Sept. 22.— Out at the
ff "X University of California mother
fc B moon rise3 these nights over the
peak of "old grizzly" with blood
In her eye; there Is war on the
campus. The belligerents who have
stirred the college atmosphere with such
serious charges as Insubordination and
unfair partiality are no less prominent
young collegians than Captain Glenn A.
Allen, commanding Company A, Univer
sity Cadet Regiment, and Ralph Curtiss,
adjutant of that same organization.
The young men who compose the sev
eral battalions of the command are still
wondering what will be the outcome of
the dispute. and quarrel which occurred
on the parade ground during regimental
drill a few days ago between these mili
tary dignitaries while In full marching or
der uniform.
The wordy war had Its origin In the flat
accusation by Captain Allen that the ad
jutant had been guilty of unfairness and
fin extreme partiality in his recommenda
tions for appointments to vacancies in the
TOO MUCH NEED
OF EXTRA STUDY
Parents Say That tha Pupil
Is Overburdened .With
Lessons.
Superintendent McClymonds Insists
That Careful Investigation Dis
closes No Good Ground
for Criticism.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111& Broadway, Sept, 22.
Complaints made to the Superintendent
of Schools that public school pupils are
being subjected to overdiaicuit extra work
at home have been the subject .of a close
investigation by Superintendent J. W. Mc-
Clymonds. Ho has completed his inquiry
and now makes public the declaration
that the criticism of parents is unfounded
ana that the rules of the department with
•relation to home study are being obeyed.
The • Superintendent says tne reports
from all of the schools in the city show
that the average time consumed in home
work is trom a half to tnree-quarters of
an hour, while two hours a day is allowed
in the school for silent study.
In an interview upon the subject Super
intendent McClymonds said to-day:
**I have made a thorough examination
of all the reports on home work assign
ments which have come in from the
schools of the city and lind tliat in no case
are pupils being overworked or deprived
of time to study in school hours. No
home study Is required of a pupil in our
schools until he has completed his fifth
year of work. Teachers in the grammar
schools must conduct their recitations so
that each child can study in its school
room at least two full hours, or two
fifths of the time spent in school. When
homework is assigned it must be of such
character that the child can master it
without any help from the parents. One
of the rules of the department is that
grammar grade teachers on the assign
ment of a lesson must call the attention
of the pupils to the important points and
explain any new principle involved. The
reports I have received show that this
rule is being carried out.
"In spite of all the care we can give to
the regulation of home work, there are
many criticisms from parents. At the
bottom of all the trouble Is the fact that
the parents who have grievances are un
willing that their children should take
longer than the regular time to complete
their course, no matter how" necessary
such extension of time may be for them.
It is impossible to tix a standard of work
that will suit all pupils. There are too
many differences of mental and physical
capacity. But parents with grievances
always want a whole class delayed for
their child.
"On the. other hand, my experience leads
me to believe that over-zealousness on
the part of parents la sometimes the cause
of a thoroughly capable child overwork
ing himself. It is also unfortunately true
that the pupil who is so constituted as to
be unable to stand the strain of home
study is invariably the one who persists
in that kind of work.
"The policy of the Oakland School De
partment Is to avoid any possibility of
cramming. Parents whose children nave
come here from San Francisco schools
have told me that the home work Is much
lighter than that given across the bay.
"W e want to avoid burdening the child's
memory and try to give him Instead abil
ity to do work and to do it with content
ment."
OAKLAND, Sept. 22.— Isaac Fiel. who
up to a few days ago conducted a Jewelry
and notion counter in the department
store of Salinger Bros, at Eleventh and
Washington streets, ¦ filed suit to-day
against A. M. and M. Salinger for $6000
damages, which he claims he sustained
because of their alleged violation of a
lease held by him of quarters in the
Salinger store. Fiel alleges that he was
to have the exclusive privilege of selling
jewelry and leather goods, but that-Sal
inger Bros., taking advantage of his suc
cess, opened an opposition stall and sold
the same goods at a price below cost, thus
compelling him to operate at a great loss.
The plaintiff also claims that instead of
being given sixty days' notice to leave
the premises, as agreed upon when the
lease was made, he was allowed but ten
days in which to get out.
Salinger Bros., the defendants, 'give an
altogether different version of the diffi
culty. According to the merchants Fiel
was ordered from their store because he
did not deal honestly with them, but used
their name Jn buying goods in order that
he might establish a credit with the large
San Francisco mercantile houses. It was
his scheme, they say, to go across the bay
and buy up goods, have them shipped to
Oakland in the name of Salinger Bros,
and pay when he could. Fearing the loss
of their credit by such procedure, so they
assert, Salinger Bros, put a stop to it by
ordering Fiel from the store.
The brothers deny that he was only
given ten days' notice to leave, but assert
that he was told to go several months ago.
The defendants claim that Fiel injured
their business because he attempted to
dispose of inferior goods over his counter.
Isaac Fiel Claims He Suffered Six
Thousand Dollars' Damages
From Former Landlords.
SUIT FOR DA Iff AGES
OVER LEASE CONTRACT
OAKLAND, Sept. 22.— The' fair for the
benefit of, the Church of the Immaculate
Conception, of which Rev. Father M. King
is pastor, will open next Wednesday even-
Ing In St. Mary's Hall. Seventh and Grove
streets. The opening address will be de
livered by J. E. McElrpy, following which
there will be a musical programme. Those
In charge of the various booths are:
Altar Society booth, Mlsaes Caire. Touchard.
Carr and Mrs. McNamara: Children of Mary
booth. Mr». McAvoy and Misses MoDcnald,
Kellr and" Barry: Sacred Heart booth. Mrs.
Fredericl-. Mm. Gordon and Mln«e« Gallagher
and GilliBan; Choir booth. Misses Conroy. Al
lan and Doling; doll booth. Misses Howard and
McKay; refreshment booth. Mrs. Kingston,
Mrs. Hajterty and Mrs. Klnsella. J. F. Ken
nedy will assist the ladles in superinten-lins
tha fair.
St. Mary's Hall will be lighted by elec
tricity and will present an attractive in
terior when the pretty booths are ready
for the opening of the fair.
ST. MARY'S FAIR WELL
OPEN NEXT WEDNESDAY
BERKELEY, Sept. 22.— Richard Pratt,
a carpenter, fell from the M. C. Andrews
building In the Scenic tract yesterday
afternoon and broke both legs above the
ankles. He was working near the. roof
of the building, when ths scaffolding gave
way. Pra1,t was taken to an Oakland
hospital.
Carpenter Injured In Fall.
House Frame Blown Down.
BERKELEY. Sept. 22.— Last night's
heavy wind Blew down a dwelling-housa
In the course of construction on Woolsey
etreet. The place was owned by G. II.
Holloway. The entire frame which had
been erected was carried away by the
wind and considerable damage done.
Boone's School Defeated.
BERKELEY, Sept. 22.— Boone's Univer
sity School eleven was defeated at foot
ball this morning by the team from the
Lick School of San Francisco. The score
was 16 to 0. This was one of the series
of Academlo Athletic League meets.
OAKLAND. Sept~ 22.— Captain W. J.
Petersen of the Oakland Police Depart
ment will deliver an address at the Unlon-
Btreet Presbyterian Church to-morrow
evening on "Crime and Its Conse
quences."
Police Captain in Pulpit.
Says Hushand Is Intemperate.
OAKLAND. Sept. 22.— Mrs. Lillian Lyng
filed Bult to-day for a divorce from Rob
ert F. Lyng: on the ground of habitual in
temperance, '
with a protest against Rowland's appoint
ment as a second lieutenant, but the com
mandant replied that the appointment
was to stand and that Rowland had re
ceived all he deserved.
"After Captain Allen had charred m«
with unfairness." said Adjutant Curtiss.
"I spoke to the commandant about It. Ha
said that captains should not be allowed
to again enter the office with protests and
that Allen's conduct would militate
against him when coming up for appoint
ment as major. So far as I am concerned
nothing more will be done. I hope no
action will be taken against Captain Al
len. I have filed no charges against him
and will not do so."
"It was merely a personal row bet'ween
Adjutant Curtiss and myself," was Cap
tain Allen's explanation. "I told him his
recommendations for appointments had
been unfair. It has been customary for
captains to recommend the men who pas9
examinations, but I was given no oppor
tunity to do so."
Besides his military title. Allen Is as
sistant football manager. Curtlss has al
so attained recent honors as a successful
candidate for the Phi Beta Kappa symbol.
regimental list of commisisoned and non
commissioned officers, which were not
filled last term. Captain Allen took spe
cial exception to Curtiss' action in the
case of Cadet E. Rowland, who was mado
a second lieutenant, whereas it was Cap
tain Allen's opinion that Rowland should
have been given the single bars of a first
lieutenant.
Allen also very vehemently declared
that there were other captains who had a
similar grievance against Curtiss. but he
¦would not specify who these disgruntled
officers were.
There was a glimpse of white-gloved
hands waving in the air and bits of ex
cited conversation drifted into the ranks
as the two officers aired their differences.
And it reached the ears of Captain Henry
Waite, U. S. A., commandant at the uni
versity, who has final passing upon all
apDointments.
Curtiss declares that Captain Allen's
conduct is a reflection upon the aforesaid
commandant's appointments and la there
fore insubordination. But the adjutant
says he will make no charges against
Captain Allen.
Before the meeting 1 of the men. Cap
tain Allen went to Commandant Walt©
THE TWO BELLIGERENT CADET OFFICERS AND THE SCENE OF THEIR RECENT NOISY BUT HARMLESS
ENGAGEMENT OVER THE CHARGE AND COUNTER CHARGE OF PARTIALITY AND INSUBORDINATION.
AX ENGAGEMENT THAT SET BERKELEY BT THE EARS.
S!hoHlder=Strapped Warriors at Berkeley Engage in
a Wordy but Bloodless Battle on the College
Parade QroMmid.
AWFUL SCANDAL IN MILITARY
CIRCLES AT THE UNIVERSITY
Death of an Old Settler.
NEWARK. Sept. 22.— Anthony N. Rose,
one of the earliest settlers of Washing
ton Township, died at hia home here yes
terday morning. He was a native of the
Azores, 72 years of age. The funeral will
be held next Monday morning at 9:30
o'clock from the Church of 'the Holy
Ghost; Centerville. The . deceased left a
family. . -:¦' v , \.
Death of Miss Dougherty.
OAKLAND, Sept. 22.— Miss Elizabeth
Argyle Dougherty, daughter of Charles M.
Dougherty of Dougherty Station, died last
night at her home after a long illness.
"Typhoid fever was the cause of death.
Miss Dougherty leaves two brothers,
Louis and James W. Dougherty, and a
sister, Miss Ada Dougherty. She was a
native of California, 2o years of age. No
arrangement* have yet been made for the
funeral.
Oakland Theater Attractions.
OAKLAND, Sept. 22.— For one week,
commencing next Monday evening:, "East
Lynne" will be the bill at the Macdon
ough Theater. The Knights of the Mac
cabees of Oakland and Alameda will be
tendered a joint benefit on Tuesday even
ing.
The stirring war drama, "Th© Blue- and
Gray," will hold the boards at the Dewey
Theater all of next week. The play will
be presented by a cast of over one hun
dred people. ;
licensed to Many.
OAKLAND, Sept. 22.— Marriage licenses
were Issued to-day to James 'William
Sloan, 23 years of age, Oakland, and Annie
J. Thorn, 20, Alameda; Thomas Alonzo
Rogers, 40, and Mary Eveline Murray, 28,
both of San Francisco; Albert Boscow,
28, and Sarah Dietrich, 25, both of Oak
land; Jose Lial Silva, 24, Concord, and
Adelaide Augusta Bettencourt, 15, Hay
wards; 'William Adolph Regmier, 34, and
Marguerite Isabella Bruening, 36, both of
San Francisco; Frank Albert Ledgett, 22,
and Fannie J. King, 15, both of Oakland;
Antone Gonsalves SUva, 32, and Bella
Gertrude Thomas, 22, both of San Lean
dro; Albert William Ryden, 26, and Alma
Martha Donnadieu, 27, both of San Fran
cisco.
ST7ES FOR rNSTJUANCE
ON . HER BURNED HOME
Aftermath, of One of the Mysterious
Fixes Which Alarmed Pleas
ant Valley Residents.
OAKLAND, Sept. 22.— As the aftermath
of one of the mysterious fires which ter
rorized the residents of Piedmont and
Pleasant Valley last February, Mrs. Au
gusta Lund to-day commenced suit
against the Franklin Fire Insurance Com
pany for $2100. Mrs. Lund claims that her
house, which was burned to the ground
February 23, was insured in the Franklin
Company for that amount, but that the
officials of the corporation refuse to pay
her mere than $1500.
According to the complainant, she has
applied for the full amount of the insur
ance and furnished absolute proof of the
total destruction of her house and its
contents. She alleges that the house was
Insured for $1500 and that there were two
policies of $200 and $400 on the furniture.
The Lund residence was discovered in
flames about midnight on February 23,
and being outside the city, with no water
available, was burned to the ground. The
cause of the blaze was never learned.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA.
BERKELEY. Sept. 22.— P. M. Newhall '9S
and Conrad Loring '00 have been appoint
ed to the United States Naval Survey at
the island of Guam. They will leave
about the middle of October on the trans
port Solace for their new field of work.
Both young men are graduates of the civil
engineering department of the university.
Thomas Quayle, president of the fresh
man class, has appointed the following
committees: Debating committee — M.
Thelen, H. Greensfelder, C. G. White; yell
committee— L. E. de Yo, E. E. Wood, W.
G. Spencer. A. C. Blumenthal. S. M. Stow;
freshman glee — L. B. Dunn, \V. D. Craig,
Miss C. W. Skinner. Miss H. A. Winches
ter, Miss P. Ackerman, O. Welborn, E. H.
Annear, G. P. Board, L. C. Duff.
The girls of the junior class will give a
reception to the girls of the freshman
class next Thursday afternoon from 3 to
6 o'clock in Stiles Hall. The following
committees have charge: Finance— Miss
M. G. Jarvis, Miss Mary Morrln, Miss
Helen "Watson. Miss Mabel GiUis and Mis3
Ellen Barton; invitation — Miss Eugenia
Mouser, Miss C. Meyer, Miss Lydia Do
zler, Miss Ardella Jackson, Miss Mary
Jewett; decoration— Mis3 Elise Wenzel
burger. Miss Claire Haas, Miss Kate Fos
ter, Miss Ruth Bergr, Miss Helen Prutz
man, Miss Florence Mayhew, Miss Re
becca Cerf; entertainment— Miss Grace
Boggs, Miss Emma Long, Miss Edna
Stone, Miss Posey McGratn; refreshment
— Miss Eliza McKinne, Miss Inez Shippee.
Miss Adele Lewis, Miss Lulu Rued and
Miss Man.' Powell.
UNIVERSITY
HAPPENINGS
ALAMEDA. Sept 22.— The Republicans
of this city have started a demand for
harmony in the County Committee. The
first step toward an expression from
members of the party concerning the
split in the governing body of the party
organization has been made by the Ala
meda Republican Club, which has
adopted resolutions urging an amicable
settlement of the differences which have
disrupted the organization.
These resolutions are as follows:
Alameda Republican Club. Alameda. Sept. 22,
1S00.
Resolved, That the executive committee of
the Alameda Republican Club deprecates the
position assumed by the gentlemen chosen to
serve as county commltteemen, in not effecting
an amicable organization, and thus being able
to properly conduct the affairs of the Republi
can party during: the present campaign.
The best interests of the party demand that
the committee f hould at once get together and
proceed to the work for which they have been,
elected. The longer the present deplorable con
dition exists the more the party is being In
jured, and we most respectfully Insist that all
personal fe^IinRs be laid aside and the vital
Interests of the Republican party alon^ con
sidered.
F. E. BROWNING, Secretary
The foregoing resolution was unanlmously
adoptod at a meeting of the executive commit
t*e of the Alameda republican Club, repre
senting a membership of 833.
J. C. BATES JR., Chairman.
A copy of the resolution will be sent to
every tnember of the Republican County
Committee. An effort was made for a
conference to-day between the Breed com
mitteemen and the Lanktree-Nusbaumer
nine, but the meeting was necessarily pre
vented bv the absence of Chairman A. H.
Breed from Oakland. So far as present
indications are concerned neither side has
manifested any desire to yield a point.
Unless there bhall be some compromise.
It is verv probable that the Republican
State Central Committee will take charge
of the national campaign in Alameda
County. There is nothing at stake at
present to warrant the fight that is on in
the committee. The battle, of which this
Is a mere skirmish, is to come with the
State and county election two years
hence. The Breed wing is most anxious to
retain control of the committee for that
campaign. The next regular meeting of
the Breed committee is called for Septem
ber 25.
Alameda Club^ Adopts Resolution
That Personal Differences Ba
Cast Aside for Party
Good.
Make Demand That County
Committee Squabble Be
Settled.
REPUBLICANS
WANT HARMONY
Young Dutchy Must Answer.
A motion to dismiss the charge against
Fred Hanstead, better known as "Young
Dutchy," was denied by Judge Dunne yes
terday. The case will be heard on Sep
tember 29.
CHUTA BASIN SEAWALL
SHOULD BE EXTENDED
Commissioner of Works Mendell Ad
vises Full Control of Proposed
Improvement by State. -
The Mayor received a communication
yesterday from President Mendell of the
Board of Public Works In which the lat
ter recommends that provision be made
for the full control by "the State of the
seawall to be constructed by the Santa
Fe Railroad in front of China Basin. Mr.
Mendell says:
I understand that while the proposed agree
ment with the Santa Fa Railroad provides that
under certain conditions the public shall have
use of a street ICO feet wide along the bay
front of China Basin the public may have the
whole width of 200 feet, provided the State
build a section of the seawall 1000 feet In length
In southerly continuation of the wall to be
built In front of China Basin. The estimated
cost of this section is $150,000, the yearly inter
est upon which will be !500a
In view of the large and obscure possibilities
of the next fifty years, both as may relate to
development of commercial interests and in
conveniences and embarrassments due to want
of full control of the seawall by. the Harbor
Commissioners and the city the Insignificance;
of $5000 per year relative to possible embarrass
ments is apparent. .
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Sept. 22.
Three-year-old Willie Lennefelt was
produced in court this morning before
Judge Ellsworth on a writ of habeas cor
pus issued several days ago" at the In
stance of the father. William C. Lenne
felt, who declared that his wife had spir
ited the child away and refused to allow
him to visit him. Mrs. Lennefelt had the
boy in court.
Though but a few minutes was devoted
to the hearing of the writ and the matter
was postponed until next Tuesday for
final decision, much of the family history
of the Lennefelts was aired in court. It
developed that for some months the rela
tions of the couple have been far from
happy, and that violent quarrels were
frequent. Some time ago Lennefelt and
his wife separated, she going to reside
with her parents. Mr. and Mrs. Shannon
of 1205 Twenty-third avenue. The child
was taken by the mother. Lennefelt then
sued for a divorce, but his petition was
denied on the ground of insufficiency of
evidence.
Lennefelt stated that he made a num
ber of attempts to see his child, but that
his wife always refused him entrance to
the house, and that her father went so
far as to threaten his life if he ventured
near his home again. Since that time
Lennefelt has kept away from the Shan
non residence, fearing, he asserted, that
his irate father-in-law might carry out
his threat.
When the case was called this morning
Attorney Custer asked permission from
the court for Lennefelt to visit the child
pending the hp.beas corpus proceedings.
Judge Ellsworth replied that unless some
good reason to the contrary could be
shown he did not see. why the father
should be kept away from his child.
"Mrs. Lennefelt is in mortal fear of this
man," interrupted Attorney Holman. "He
has threatened to kidnap the child and
she is afraid that he will carry his threat
into execution."
In reply to Holman, Lennefelt's counsel
said he would guarantee to the court that
Lennefelt would conduct himself properly
If allowed to visit the child, and would
make no attempt to take the boy from
the custody of hia mother.
"I will. If it is desired," said Custer,
"place Mr. Lennefelt on the stand to tes
tify that his wife's father, Mr. Shannon,
threatened to kill him if he ever came to
the Shannon home again."
Attorney Holman promised the court
that Lennefelt would be allowed to visit
the boy without molestation from his
wife's parents, and Judge Ellsworth
granted the father permission to visit his
child this afternoon. The further hear
ing of the case was continued until next
Tuesday.
Before leaving the courtroom Lennefelt
walked over to where his wife held their
child and hugged and kissed the- boy.
William Lennefelt and Wife
Battle for Possession
of Child.
FIGHT FOR THE
CUSTODY OF BO?
OLD MAN "UPSET T.ATvrp
AND SET FTBE TO BED
Ag«d Henry Mansfield Is Rescued
From Flames That Destroyed
His Residence.
BERKELEY. Sept. 22.— While in bed to
night, Henry Mansfield, 72 years old, up
set a lighted lamp, setting fire to the bed
ding. He was nearly suffocated to death
before W. C. Reveal, a neighbor, broke in
to the burning house and dragged tha
helpless man out of the flames.
Mansfield resides at 2126 Parker street
He returned from Oakland about 10
o clock this evening and the accident oc
curred shortly after he arrived home.
Mrs. L. J. Maddux, who lives next door
at 2124 Parker street, saw the fire and
rushed across the street for assistance
Reveal responded but was compelled to
smash into the old man's homo to save
him. He was bo quickly overcome by the
smoke and flames that he could do noth
ing for himself. The fire had good head
way before tha volunteer department ar
rived.. Mansfield's residence was de
stroyed, with a loss of $2600. The adjoin
ing houses of Mrs. Maddux and of George
Plmer. the latter at 2128 Parker street
•were badly scorched. Mansfield is In a
serious condition from the shook. ',
Socialist 3>cttire.
OAKLAND, Sept. 22.— J. C. Belden of
Mississippi will lecture under the auspices
of the Social Democrats of Oakland at
Becker's Hall. J>1S Washington street, on
Sunday evening: at 8 o'clock.
Oakland Office Sain Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, Sept. 22.
The Hebrew feast of the New Year will
begin next Monday and continue until
Tuesday evening. r>uring that time the
great Jewish festival will be celebrated In
a solemn manner in the synagogues of
this city. Religious and musical services
will be held on both days.
Special and elaborate services have been
prepared for the observance of the holi
days at the Church of the First Hebrew
Congregation. Rabbi M. Friedlander will
officiate. The first services will be held
on Monday morning at 9:30 o'clock. Rabbi
Friedlander will deliver a sermon upon
the "Omnipresence of God."
The afternoon sen-ices, which will be
especially elaborate, will commence at 5:30
o'clock. In the evening Rabbi Friedlan
d*r will again preach, hia subject being
Year's Greeting. '
On Tuesday there will be special exer
cises throughout the day. Special music
will be rendered by an augmented choir.
£- m ? n £i those who wiU tak0 part are:
mil King, organist; Clement Rowlands,
basso; M. Taylor, tenor; Mrs. Richard
ParUngton and Mrs. Carroll Nicholson,
contraltos: Miss Williams and Mrs Car
rie Brown Dexter, sopranos.
At the synagogue of Beth Jacob Con
gregation Harrison and Fifth streets,
there will be special services of the orth
%*°Jl. °? der o on * M °nday and Tuesday.
tw 31 M n *\' •^ endl Jowltz will preS
There will also be a special musical pro
gramme. *
Holidays Will Be Observed
Next Monday and
Tuesday.
HEBREW FEAST
OF THE NEW YEAR
TTis First ULass in Alameda.
ALAMEDA. Sept. 22.— The Rev. Robert
Sesnon. who was recently ordained at
Rome, will sing high mass at 10:a0 o'clock
to-morrow merning at St. Joseph's
Church, this being the first mass he will
celebrate in the city he call? his home.
The Rev. Sesnon spent his boyhood In
Alameda and after graduating from the
public schools went to Santa Clara Col
lege to finish his education. Liter he at
tended the French Jesuit College in Italy.
The choir esFifting at the mass will be
composed of Misses Rich. Hurley, Pratt
and Danielis, Messrs. Goggin, Maid, Tel
ler and BelL
npon courtroom ethics In Alameda. Jus
tice of the Peace Morris, attired In a pur
ple and yellow striped six-bit shirtwaist,
eat on the bench and decided law points
in the case of the People against Wun
Duk, charged with battery. The outfit
cost the Justice ?1 25, the extra expense
being for an embroidered front, a yard of
insertion and two additional tucks in the
collar. The large crowd of spectators In
the courtroom Indulged in unseemly
laughter over this spectacle and it was
after persistent hammering that the hon
orable court was enabled to restore order.
OAKLATTD. Sept. 22.— "And Solo
mon in all his glory was not ar
rayed as on© of these." The shirt
waist man struck town to-day.
Defiant end daring, he braved the
"rubber" and startled the belles of Broad
way with this latest innovation In street
costume. There was a race to be first
cmong- the fashion leaders when at last
they screwed up enough courage to make
the plunge, and the victory went to Emil
I^-ehnhardt, a debonair Broadway business
man, v.ho at exactly 7:36 a, m. turned the
corner of Broadway and Fourteenth street
resplendent in a shirt waist that was a
startling effect In blue a.nd white stripes.
"Shirt Waist" Lehrhardt was done to
perfection. As he leisurely ambled to his
place of business the early morning Jani
tors cast soulful glances of envy upon the
trimly garbed merchant. But that wasn't
a circumstance to the battery of eyes that
fired upon th© blonde young- man as he
walked down the main aisle of his shop.
A dozen cf his prettiest young- women
employes were ready to make the cus
tcniary mcrning greetings, n is feared
the shock they sustained as This vision of
glory swept along their startled line of
cptic reach was so severe that many of
them -will bo permanently Injured.
"The shirt waist is the proper thing when
the thermometer is at 99." declared Mr.
I.*hi;har<It. "The public wants to be edu
cated, and I am willing to pioneer this
crusade against coats and vests. The only
obstacle I had to overcome was my pecu
liar modesty. It has been a bit embarrass
ing- to-day to be the object of so many
eharp stares, but I feel tha.t I have done
my share in starting: the reformation."
Ueputy County Clerk Charies F. Pugh
was a close second to Lehnhardt, he ap
jiearlr.g- on the morning promenade at 9:3S.
He wore a. modest garment with red and
deep purple longitudinal striplngs.
State Senator E. K. Taylor, Judge Henry
Morris axid Harry R. Taylor formed a
dazzling combination this morning on
Park street, AJameda. The trio bloomed
Hi dainty and modish cuts. The figure
was a rich bias slash of yellow and white.
The effect was that cf a, josshouse cele
brating the Fourth of July.
Ninety in the shade was the top mark
cf the mercury to-day. Toward evening
a Gentle, cooling breeze began to take the
edse off the torridity and lessen the utility
cf ehirt waists.
Shirtwaists had a demoralizing effect
Emil Lehnfaardt Leads Movement
Toward Emancipation of Swel
tering Males.
SHIRT WAIST MAN
CAPTURES OAKLAND
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES OAKLAND ALAMEDA COUNTY BERKELEY
Ti±JcJ &AJN iltAAL-iaUO CALL, fcUJSDAl', rSbi"rEMBEK 23, 1900.
25
Telegraph wires get tired: thi3 la one of
the most recent observations of scientists.
They work better on Monday than on Sat-
urday, and an expert declares that each
wire ought to have one whole day's resc
every three weeks.
Suicide of a Barbary Coast Woman.
Maggie Morri3. a woman 33 year3 o'd.
died at the Harbor Hospital yesterday
morning from the effects of carbolic acid
taken by her with suicidal intent. The
Inquest by Cororer Cole failed to shed any
light upon her antecedents, identity or
residence, except that she was a habitue
of the Barbary Coast.
715 Market St. 8.7. 1 Sfeattnck At, Perkeley
H:h &. Was'h'n. Oak Central Are, Al*meda
?th & Wood, Oak. ] IU 1st Street, Saa Joee.
Creamery Butter
Potet Eeyei or en n a r*» •? r r»
HumboldY Same Square 35C
good Quality m Ust week's s lie.
Java and Mocha Coffee
Straight blend. -nrmtiri *>m
Usually 35o to «©. pOUnd 25C
Ce3'lon Tea (XerrCrop)
Pnre te» leaves. -nrmTifi 1 re*
Regular Wo. pOUIia 3^C
Pure Leaf Lard
Gaaranteed. rr . 1U »,- n(V
Regular $Lia IO-iD. Can 9OC
Cold Spring Cream
SffiSSS^ioclarge can 5 c
Hennessy Brandy
Eeeui*r tLTo. 3 Star $1.35
Martell Brandy
n*g.ti.n 3 Star bot. $1.40
Duffy's Malt Whiskey
BoffularMo. bottle 75C
Eclipse Champagne
Arpad Haraszthy's. -retire 1 rr
Dozen J4.10. pintS 35C
Watson's Scotch Whiskey
Eesrularly $1.25. bottle 95C
i | papoids | Each Tablet *
I /i§^\ " Stamped thus , I
I^^AA x Guaranteed I
I : \ Cure IGenius a Nervous Disease.
Mr. Treves. the great surgeon. In his
lecture to medical students at the open
ing of the new club rooms ln the London
Hospital. Is reported to have said that
genuis, he took It, was some form of
neurosis, an untabulated nervous disease.
The few persons of genius he had known
Here Is a story of John G. Saxe, the
poet-wit. During the war Saxe attended
a flag-raising at Greenbush. a little place
across the river from Albany, and made
a ppeech, in which he commended the
patriotism of the young men of Green
bush, through whose exertions the fiasr
had beerr procured. The cnalrman of the
meeting whispered to him that the young
ladies of Greenbush had also been Instru
mental in raising funds for the purchase
of the flag. Thereupon Saxe, addressing
the young ladles of Greenbush. made
them a graceful and gallant apology for
not including them ln his praise. "I don't
know how I came to make such a mis
take," he explained, "save as I may have
been laboring under the Impression that
tha young men of Greenbush embraced
the young ladles of Greenbuah."— New
York Mail.
Explained His Mistake.
IT occurred to me the other evening at
a charming song recital to wonder
how many among the audience were
even partially cognizant of all the
various kinds of effort that go to
make the success of such an affair. Not
to consider all that has necessarily gone
before the first step upon the platform;
from the laborious development of In
herent aptitude to the final attractive ad
vertisement of one's wares In the public
market in order to obtain a hearing, but
the wretched problems of how to stand,
8t walk; what t> do with hands and feet,
rno'uth and eyes, when, the dread moment
comes to proclaim one's rlrtt to appear
ance on a platform. It is only thefortu
nate exception to whom the platform pre
sents Itself aa a comfortable environment,
»nd to whom the fascinating and indis
pensable courtesies of the artist etiquette
naturally suggest themselves, ease and
Krace of manner being almost Invariably
the result of long cultivation. And an
audience is a capricious and coquettish
entity, sensitively alive to the suggestion
of a charming manner, and always. If
sometimes unconsciously, resentful of its
absence It seems. Indeed, that the said
charm of manner has perhaps an unfair
advantage in the public summing up of an
artist's worth, but the tendency Is one to
be reckoned with and that may not bo
There' is, it has been observed, a quite
rigid etiquette concerning the relations of
artist and audience, with a large scope
for originality ln the manner of Its ob
servance, and did space permit one could
fill the page with a dissertation upon fa
miliar Instances of originality In this di
rection. It's a fascinating subject, too.
Why does not some one write tho "Com
plete Platformer," with illustrations of
now to pick up a bunch of violets ln dead
rat fashion, a la Paderewski? — or how to
be Interesting though Byronlc, a la Dam
rosch? — or how to play the piano in the
Intervals of criticizing the audience, a la
Pachmann?— or how to be charming and
an artist, like Miss Anna Miller Wood?—
for it was at Mlas Wood's recital on.
Thursday evening last at Sherman-Clay
Hall that the subject suggested itself
to me.
This charming Callfornian has done
much good work elnce her departure from
the State five years ago. ... Sne was -well
and favorably known before leaving here,
and since then has studied to great ad
vantage with Georg Henschel of England,
whose delightful method aroused' the
highest admiration on his appearance here
a couple of years ago. Since MIsb Wood's
return to America she has been domiciled
in Boston, where she holds a prominent
church position and also spends some time
ln teaching. She has repeatedly appeared
with the Boston Symphony orchestra, tho
Knelsel quartet and other Important or
ganizations In Boston and New York
CURRENT EVENTS IN THE
LOCAL MUSIC WORLD
since her Eastern advent and will shortly
return to meet other engagements there.
Miss Wood has a delightful voice, round
full clear as a bell and of the true con
tralto quality, with an exceptionally ex
tended compass. There Is some little lack
of color perhaps, In the middle voice, but
the beauty of her upper tones and some of
those of the lower register is rarely satis
fying. Her repertoire is varied, and her
Interpretations thoroughly artistic. A trio
of Foote songs that Miss Wood gave on
Thursday waning was most enjoyable
and some old French songs were heartilv
appreciated by the audience. neartl 'y
The coming Saturday matinee pro
rramme Includes the difficult and drama-
PARAISO SPRINGS— Among the late
arrlvals*at Paralso Springs: . S. G. Smith,
M. R. Merritt, Ellen Robertson, Vigerlna
Pettep, A. W. Gowun. Amelia Black,
Mattie Raymond, Nathalie Clark. Miss A.
Parker. I*. Rodgera. J. H. ' Harvev. Sali
nas; Mrs. M. Averon. Mrs. Robert Parker,
Soquel: S. Griffin, J. P. Mitchell, Harold
Mitchell. George W. Sill. Caatroville: Rev.
R. M. Ferrer, Frank GloconazzI, Soledad;
P. P. de Los and wife, C. W. Knowles and
son. New York; D. E. Noggle, Frank G.
Morton, H. S. Morton, Chlcajro: R, K.
Willis, C. E. George and wife, Robert Mc-
Allister. J. C. McAllister. Boston; Mrs. M.
Bltchel, Misa Rose Kowllskt. S. 8. Sim
mon, John C. Qulnn, Captain James B.
Graves, Mrs. S. O. Steel; J. B. Matthews.
|an FrandBco: J. K. . Oliver, Monterey;
Frank Sales, San Jose.
BYRON HOT SPRINGS-The follow
ing guests registered at Byron Hot
Springs during the past week: H. M.
Smith, P. Donohoe, Mrs. M. Austin. Dr.
L. Michael, Richard Mclaughlin, W. F.
Scollard. Miss V. Buchanan, Mrs. H. G.
Shilly. S. J. Lynch, William Dasrnan,
Robert Lowrle, S. B. Rothenberg, Mrs. E.
Williams, L. Canapea, Alfred McQulnn,
O. H. Hunt. H. J. McAvoy, James Cough-
Ian. R. Sampson, F. Jones, C. W. Kins
man, Mrs. L. Lima, Mrs. W. E. Davis,
G. Scollard. Mrs. J. A. Buchanan, H. C.
Ashlers, D. O'Donnell. John Carey, W. C
Carpenter and wife, O. Kennedy, MrsI
James Gateley, Miss A. McMahon. Fred
A. Greenwood. Martin Raschen, J. Mc-
Avoy, P. A. McDonald, San Francisco:
8. F. Martin, W. Cecil Hardln. W. S.
NUckolls, A. W. Burrel, Robert Blair, J.
Pantoskey, Frank Traverso, Oakland;
Charles Gugoly, Lodi; Mr. and Mrs. J.
Kennoal, Grayson: Mr. and Mrs. Simon
Poon. Prunesville: H. M. Smith, Charles
V. Tagen, Mrs. M. Eagan, Alameda; M.
Calllgan, wife and daughter, ColllnsvMe;
G. W. Shields, San Mateo; Dr. R. R.
Michael. Dr. R. L. Michael, Ferndale;
Fred Berg. Grass Valley: J. B. Bacon,
Redwood; J. S. Nodle, Ogden; A. M. Hew
lett. M. Walker, Miss Lizzie Walker, L.
Dickey. F. A. Ganard. Stockton: A. Rose.
Alta; W. G. Black. Mrs. W. G. Beck. Al
tamont; J. W. Ryan, Humboldt: A. M.
Austin, J. W. Keller, Los Angeles: L. R.
Timmlns, Mrs. H. Hunault, C. W. Mat
lock, Fresno; D. D. Gates, San Leandro;
Gus Dedro, Crocket; J. B. Amavante.
Walnut Creek: Robert Shuhy. Merced; H.
Bollard. Mt. Olivet: J. J. Sullivan, M.
Dutra. Towles; C. M. Hunter P. M. New
hall, San Francisco;. Robert Lowrie, Tuc
son; Mrs. K. M. Derby, Mrs. Ellen Der
by. Miss H. H. Derby, Mrs. M. Eagan.
East Oakland; James Lane, G." Gnauck,
Vallejo: Mrs. James Richardson, H. E.
Richardson, Chlco. •
THE GEYSERS— List of arrivals at The
Geysers during the past week Include:
Dr. Daniel Crosby and wife, W. P. Hig
ginbotham and wife, P. Ryan, W. P.
Glynn. James O'Brien, G. Rusconl. An
totne Schmltt, San Francisco; Mrs. E. A.
Billings. Los Angeles: Mrs. E. J. Hug
gins B. M. Newcomb, Oakland: C. F.
Kleine. San Antonio Texas; R. L. Car
ver, Dr. Bapford, Healdsburg; Mrs. D.
Patten, C. W. Armstrong, Callstoga;
Harry Patton. Cloverdale mine; Mr. and
Mrs. "E. Corpett, Fallon.
/
At the Resorts.
Thft Princess Arlbert, Queen Victoria's
granddaughter, who was recently ln
Washington, cracked a Joke — a real Amer
ican joke— at the expense of Private John
Allen, the celebrated wit of the House of
Representatives. She and the British
Embassador. Lord Pauncefote, went to
the Capitol sightseeing ln the afternoon,
and of course occupied seats ln the diplo
matic gallery. Air. Allen was in the
midst of a serious speech when they ar
rived, but he was unable to divest himself
of his end-man style of elocution, pacing
up and down the aisle, swinging his arms
like a windmill and roaring out In answer
to Chairman Payne of the Ways and
Means Committee, who had just taken his
«eat. The Princess watched his antics
for some time, then, turning to an attend
ant, asked: "What Is the gentleman talk-
Ing about?"
"He Is speaking now, your Highness,"
explained the attendant, "for a better
ment of conditions at St. Elizabeth's In
sane Asylum, and—"
"Poor fellow." Interrupted the Princess,
with a tinge of sorrow in her tone, "how
eloquent a man can become in defense of
his home."— Boston Journal.
Joke of a Princess.
Mrs. E. Steinman and Mrs. B. Fleischer
will be at home Friday, September 28, at
1404 O'Farrell street.
Mr. and Mrs. I. A. Friedlander (nee Ber
liner) will be pleased to receive their
The Di»ux Temps Dancing Club wtll
erive Its opening party Friday evening,
October 19. at Golden Gate Hall. Invita
tions are limited and can only be had by
application to the members— Messrs. Ed
Getz. Al Schoenfeld and Joseph Eber.
In the Future.
Clark of Melrose and Miss Sarah Louise
kimball of Palo Alto met at the law of
fices of Kimball & Kimball, in the Acad
emy of Sciences building, on the 15th Inst.
to complete the arrangements for the
forthcoming reunion of the Kimball fam
ily. Much enthusiasm was manifested
bv those present and a most enjoyable oc
casion was predicted for the fourth annual
coming together of the Kimball clan of
the Pacific Coast.
Mrs. Annette Wolf and family have
moved from £105 Pine street to 3049 Wash
ington street, corner Baker.
Mrs. McGrath has returned from a trin
to Paris, visiting London and New York
and will be pleased to see her friends on
Wednesday next.
Miss Ida V. Quelrolo of Marlposa who
has been visiting friends in the city has
returned home ln company with Miss
Beth M. Castagnetto.
Mrs. F. Day and son have returned from
thHr trip to Australia.
nue. en route to Los Angeles. She Is ac
companied by her brother-in-law, Dr F
P. N. Van Landeghem of New York City,
who will locate permanently In Los An
eeles. Mr. Kimball ar,d his sister Mrs
C «°n,. FulIe^ > JT 111 joln lhem ln December.
William T. Hobson. the popular 'travel-
Ing man. will spend his vacation In South
ern California. Mr. Hobson will visit
Santa Barbara and San Diego and stop a
week at Catalina Island fishing. Mr«
Bessie E. Hobson, his mother, will accom
pany him.
MISS AGNES BAILEY. WHO WAS MARRIED ON WEDNESDAY LAST
TO WILLIAM HOUSTON. ENJOYS THE REPUTATION OF BEING
ONE OF THE FINEST HARPISTS IN THIS CITY. \
The Prince of Wales draws conslderab.e
revenue In the shape of "feu duties" from
lands in Scotland, consisting partly of
what was at one time the patrimony oi
the celebrated Bruce family, and partly
of the forfeited estates of Lords Boyd and
the Lords of the Isles. These Iand3 were
In 1469 created into a permanent princi
pality for the benefit of the eldest son of
the Scottish monarch, ar.d this tenure
gives the prince his Scottish titles of
Prince of Scotland. Duke of Rothesay.
Earl of Carrick. Baron of Renfrew ami
Lord of the Isles, and entities him to vote
at elections of representative peers.—Scc
tish-Arretican. »
Has a Large Scotch Patrimony.
had been exceedingly Impossible persons,
and if there was one profession where
genius was out of place it was the medi
cal profession. The thing- which in that
stood above all else was hard work, and
one very peculiar faculty, that of cloae
observation. — London Spectator.
"It didn't turn out as Jones figured,
said the talkative man, with a grin. «e
invited me to pay him a visit at his sum
mer home In the country, and I accepted
without any idea of what he had in store
for me. No sooner had I arrived than ne
informed me that he had me booked to
act as judge of a baby show that was
to take place the following day. I laugh
ed at him and told him that all babies
looked alike to me. and that I would have
to be excused. But he P°i?ted out the
fact that I had been advertised to act.
and that it was now too late to withdraw,
so I consented, although with a good
many misgivings concerning the outcome.
Had I known at tne time that t was one
of his jokes to get me in trouble Im
have made a few remarks on the subject
for his benefit. ¦ , . # __
"Well, when I stood up on the platform
and saw twenty-seven proud mothers
holding as many babies before me I came
near losing my nerve and bolting. How
ever, I took a brace and told them to
form in line and march past me. They
did, and the sight made me dizzy, and
for the life of me I couldn't tell a white
baby from a colored one. To catch my
breath and gain time to collect my
thoughts I told them to march around
once more, the result being that I was
more rattled than before. I was about
to ask them to parade once more when I
saw Jones grinning at me from the rear
of the hall, and I realized the hand that
he had had in getting me Into the
present situation. L4ke a flash I saw a
way' out of the trouble and a chance to
even up matters with Jones at the same
time. Clearing my throat. I addressed
the expectant mothers as folows:
11 'I have asked you to pass before me
more as a miittpr cf form than from any
doubt concerning the winner of this con
test That the babies are all dears I
think you will agree with me. and I also
think "you wiH concur In my judgment
when I state that there Is one baby here
so much prettier than the rest as to place
it in a cla-os of its own. and to that baby
it is my duty to award the prize. But
to save the heartburnings of the other
mothers I think it best not to publicly
announce the winner at this time. If
the mother who holds the winner at this
instant in her arms — and she knows to
whom I refer— will call at tho home of
Mr. Jones to-morrow morning at S o'clock
she will be awarded the prize that she
so justly deserves.'
"Then I lfft and caught the first train
from home. I gather from the somewhat
warm and Incoherent remarks that Jones
has made In my hearing since that there
was a wildly exciting time when twenty
seven fond "mothers called in a bunch to
demand the prize that I had awarded.
Jonea refuses to tell how it ended, but as
he appears afraid to go back I rather
imagine that the end is not yet."— Detroit
Free Press.
tical Joke.
Mr. Jones Is Paid for His Iiittle Prac-
STRATEGY WON OUT.
the ¦tternoon. Among those present were:
M:.^s Ii»-glna Cuneo. Richard Williams,
Kin McjiJo Monroe. Elvln Giacobbi. Miss
E£l«!e HaiXord. Miss May Cnneo, Miss N'at-
EJena D;rr.«-niconi. Miss Marie Giannlnl.
Miss Ncrma S^almanlnl, Miss Cu
rif-o. Miss True Chichltola, Joseph Cuneo
Mih-s H<=l*n J! afford. Frank Bolsson, M!ss
Alma Dir'ffenbajch'-r. Uovd Gianninl.
Georfe Duddy, Ltoyd Giacobbi, Miss
Virril Giannir.i. MIes Tli^lma Cun«w>, Ru
dolph Morris. Harry Maxwell, Sam Mur
rey. Albert Dorn^rJooni, John de Martini
isnd Jr«"Tih fy'.f.nnini.
Mr?. H' n KhsV:*-!! was tendered a sur
prise party Sunday, September 1C, bj* her
r<!:vtivcs and int:mat<* friends on the oc
cajEton of her birthday. Dancing and sing
ing were indulged in during the evening,
music b^'.ne furnished by a Ftrlng or
chestra. l>ater in the evening the guests
tat down to a sumptuous repaat. during
which numerous toasts were given. After
F*apj>er th»» guests again took to dancing,
which thry enjoyed until a late hour.
Miss Lena Jonaa tendered an enjoyable
rorprlae party to her father, Solomon
Jonas, in honor of Mb fcev^ntieth birthday
et ma home, 1412 O'Farreii street. Dancing
was Indulged In until a late hour.
Mrs. Eva M. Jakob* and daughter.
Home Gathering.
The first anniversary of
Mr. ar.d Mrs. Of=rar Ho
cotton wadding, waj- re
d^ys since at their reside
or'l street. The Invited* s
and Mrs. Morgan Owens
I'a-Jl Bcbolz. Mr. and M
!Jls? Cade Futndcling. M
aenbalg. Karon WUlIais
Charles 11. Hoicomb.
A vtr>' enjoyable bi
party was given on last
noon. September 15. to M
r.f-o at the home of her
street. A bountiful repas
srd <ianc!r;«r were among
The first anniversary of the wedding of
Mr. sr.d Mrs. Of=rar Hocks, called the
<-otton w^Mlnjr. waj= celebrat*»d a few
d^ys since at their residence, 12f>9»4 How
ard street. The invitM* «rue5ts were: Mr.
and Mrf=. Morgan Owens, Mr. and Mrs.
I'a-Jl Bcbolz. Mr. an>J Mrs. F. Hetr:eh
Mis? Ca-sie Fuendeiir.j?. Miss Otiliip Ha?-
Benbal^, Karon William von Knapp and
Charles 11. Hoicomb.
A vtn r *-njoyaJale birthday surprise
party was given on last Saturday after
i.oon. September 15. to Miss Regina Cu
r.f-o at the home of her parents. 615 Bay
street. A bountiful repast, games, music
srii rfanoinir were amcrc thf fpatnrea nf
?¦ ptfirhc-r 3. Aiimiesloa <!ay. was cele
bra:<-d at 224 Me AIMster street, th** resl
deao? of Mr. arid Sirs. J. Maxkwitx, by
the w^ddirg of Miss Carrie Markwitz and
Louis BruoSO&J TTie bride was dressed in
whi;e taffeta silk, trttnmrd with point
I*-.--*-. After the ceremony, at which R>=v.
L»r. Levy officiated, a surcptuous repast
wm Berred. The toastroaster was Mr.
Siivstnne. Among those present were:
KSmm BjOBS Brajnson. Mr. and Mrs. George
KeUaer, Mr. ai,d iirs. M. Cohn, Mr. ani
Mr.s. V,'. K«llner. Mr. and Mrs. Bowman,
Mr. u.3 Mrs. iJavis, Mrs. A_ Markwitz,
Mrs. NmXben. M!?s S. Upman, M!ss Bns
lan. A. KaJiman. «.".• Ka'lman. Mrs. J.
Kai!mari, GoMea of .NVw York,
.Mr. :,nd Mrs. N. KellneT, Mr. and Mrs.
GQvcrstoae. Miss M. fJo^man. Mrs. J.
Kailman ovA lirn. II. Kallrnan.
"Wedding Bells.
A Q«jet but very pretty wedding took
j< aor- or, Wednesday last In Holy Cross
CbBTCfa, the contranin? paurtles being
?J!s= Azncs Meers Bailer and Wiliiain
Grecnwaifl Houston. Rev. Father Mc-
Giatr. assisted by FmOxexm Sairjpson acd
Ej O«r. performeJ the oremony.
The Lrlie was attended by her sister.
Miss DolUa Baiiry. who offlciatfd as maid
of honor. J. Cavar.augh was best man
en<5 J. Marrin and W. Henry acted as
ushers. TT,<» bride !s the daughter of the
!;--¦ Richard Bailey, the well-known pio
i:efr cf the firm cf Rrxit &. Bailey. She
has er.^jf-d ail th* advantages of Euro-
V<»an traiel and education and excels as
b UsgBhft «r.d a liarpist. Mr. Houston is
the Boa of Use latf <*aptain Housion, who
recently lost hi? life off the Oregon coast
In trying to save a drowning woman. Mr.
Houston has been connected with the
Crocker Company for spv*>ral year?.
Mr. nr.d Mrs. Houston are spending
thtir. !jnnpyTTio<<n in Southern California.
The Fortnightly will reopen its season
cr. Frics.y evening, November 23. Beven
£&:\< f-.« will be given .J urine the season,
mnO a? usual the class will meet at Lufifs
Ha.IL As In the sea.«oif past, the Fort
rightly will be the popular dancing class
ol t ; .<- esduilve set.
rh* S^x>t«inber rr.eetiEg of the Michi
p:.:; <"' :b ra- !;pM at the hoiC" of the
pr«»t»:r!er.t. Gcrcial William R. Shafter. at
5-y>r: Masor.. Tu««ar. the 15th. Aft^r a
short bustoee* ses^iou. indudics adrnis
sior. cf r.ew members, progressive euchre
•w plaj«-'i. An elaborate supper whs
t^-i\--'.. fo'.iowed by some recitations by
Mrs. Belle Ockenelen. The following
mexnbera were present : General William
H. gh&fter, <"a;.-.a:n and i!rs. %V. H. Mc-
J<!itr:<-k. < a-, tain »nd Mre. B. C Morse.
Judge and Mrs. M. Cuonfy. Professor and
Mrs. Elisha Brooka, Dr. and Mrs. J. E.
Curamiogs. Mr. and Mrs. E. B. Willcox.
Mr. axi'1 !»Trs. Flyr.n. Mrs. General GaJ
!.-.r'r»-r. Mrs. M. kilsworth. Mrs. M. L»u
pa:.. Mn=. C J. tiuliivan. Mrs. B. P.
,i ;.-:»;«ri. Mrs. K. I*. Byrne. Mrs. Har
rington. Mfes Uzzle O'Connor, Miss
» ¦. D*U. AZiaj Worth. Miss «"leone Cum
rr.irjr?. lliss Vrrr.a Harrison. Mis3 Oer
sid!T- Harris jn. Miss «'atnllle Byrne. Miss
WlUcox. Miss Mabe! WSIlcox, Miss Annie
Voung. J. W. Burton. J. F. Sbaxpstein.
W*. A. To! chard, N. "B. Engie aiid Mr.
Wheeler. ,
TWO sncell events will occupy the
att^r.tion of the swell set dunng
th« week— the wedding of Miss
Hopkirs and Mr. Taylor on
Wednesday, the 25th. and the Cax
rlan ?ta.bie dance on Friday evening, the
Roy T. Kimhall. Mrs. Mary Dunn. Mips
Grace M. Kimball. Ernest L. Kimball.
John Albion Kimball and Frank
William Kimhall. all of this city,
and J. Holtt Kimball and Mrs. J. Hoitt
Kimball of Oakland, Mrs. John Kimball
The Centennials celebrated their second
anniversary Saturday evening, September
15, at 1252 Ellis street. Amonjr the guests
were: Misses Agnes Marion, May Halpln,
Ida Malinoft, Lora Shapiro, Blanche
Stembrech, Jesse Behrens, Agnes Dun
ning, Lottie Hafner, Tessie Sheridan.
Irene Bonton, May Duncan. Grace New
port, Messrs. George Wakefleld. Gus Kis
ner, Joseph Stewart, William Sabin, Fred
Sabin. Frank Kirner. Louis Kolton, Joe
Sprinper. M. Alexander, Sam Kobles, N.
A. McDowell, Jack Urlich, Fred A.
Rtramb, Al Bahrs. Al Springer. Arthur
Katz. Rob Anderson, James Downing.
Ivouis Chester. The programme of th«»
eveninc: was as follows: Song. "The Blue
and the Gray." Miss Ajjnes Marion:
violin eoIo, 'Arthur Katz. song, "If
You Forget," Miss May Halpin; whistling
pnlo. Joe Springer; coon specialties.
William Alexander: gong. "Maravonlc."
Miss Ida Malinoff; Cakewalk, Miss Agnes
Marion. Supper, followed by dancing,
concluded the entertainment. /
Mrs. Rokeman's maid, Miss Grace Turner;
Gyp, Mrs. Delaine's colored help. Miss
Joan Baldwin; Meg, a vagrant, Miss Ade
laide Kjran.
On Tuesday evening, September 17. the
Aquinas Literary Circle, composed of
graduates of St. Brigid's Academy, pre
sented an excellent rendition of the
amusing little comedy; "Anita's Tri
umph." a.t Convent Hall. Van Ness avenue
e.nd Broedway. The entertainment was
for the benefit of the sodalitv booth in
St. Krigid's fair. The work of" the young
ladles was very creditable, particularly
that of Miss Georgia Reinfeld as Dora
the head of the cooking club, and Miss
Joan Baldwin, the colored maid. Gyp, who
kept the audience 5n good humor all even
ing. Following is the cast of characters:
Mrs. Rokeman. a wealthy lady. Miss Cecli
Harrison; Mrs. Delaine, an elderiy widow
Misn Annie Hayden: Anita, adopted
daughter of Mrs. Delaine. Miss Josephine
BaJdwin; Clarissa Coflman, a spinster of
40. Miss Pearl O'Rourke; Dora Gainea
Miss fJeonrla Reinfeld; Sadl©. Morrell
Miss Beatrice McCarty; Jennie Woodman
MIes Selma Abrams; Mellie Dunbar, Miss
Florence Jordan; Emma Stevens, Miss
Albula Kidney: Grace Greenwood. Miss
Agnes Kelly; Gussle Green. Miss Adelaide
Bowden; Marie Grey, Miss Lillian Smith-
Belle Adams. Miss Mary Burk; Alice
Brown. Miss Ethel O'Neill; Katie Connor,
The Wednesday Afternoon Whist Club
met at the residence of Mrs. \V. JC. Whee
lock, 764 Clayton street, Wednesday after
noon last. The full membership of the
club was present. Th». lirst prize was won
by Mrs. W. Church. Mrs. Wheelock enter
tained the club in her i-sual happy man
ner, assisted by her daughter. Miss Sue
Whec-lock.
A reception and vocal Dme-ramme ¦wa«
eiv«n at the "Women's Educational Union
on Van Ness avenue lost Tuesday even-
Ing. The rooms were crowded and the
musical numbers were well received.
Special interest centered in the songs of
the following rumber of debutantes, who
acquitted themselve-s very ereditablv
M!r^ Charlotte GHmore, Miss Isabel
V.'hite. Mrs. S. G. Trevethiok. Mlsse?! Lury
aid ("atherine Marshall am! Master I^uk«'
Holper. The .iuveniles, E'.en.i May O'Con
nor and Hazel Bond (a tot of 7). captured
the sympathy of thei'- auditors. Otb-r
vocalists who appeared were Miss An
nette Miley (contralto). M!?s I.iHlan Jon->s
Oeorpe K. Reid. Mis^ Tillie Miley Miss
Eva Boleer and Mme. K!!en Coursen-
Rotckel.
Club Parties.
Mr. and Mrs. H. Nielsen en Saturday
evening, the 15th inst. entertained a large
company of their friends at their beauti
ful home at Ignacio. Marin County. The
occasion ¦was the twentieth anniver=arv of
their marriage. Open-hat:df5 hospitality
ruled the hour. Over on>? hundred "invita
tions were iFsue.1 and nearly ail were ac
cepted. A San Francisco orchestra dis
coursed sweet music, to which the younger
members of the assembly tripped the Ifgrht
fantastic until the early dawn. At mid
r.ight a most sumptuous repast was
serve*]. It being the china wading, the
presents <all china) received were numer
ous and elegant, showing the hfsrh esteem
in which Mr. and Mrs. Nielsen are held by
their many friends. The following dav a
genuine California bullshead breakfast
was partaken of by ihe gxicstp. Frank
Tanforan presided as chef of the cuirlne.
The decorations in the dancing hal! and
supper rocm were tho handiwork of
George Haub and A. H. P.rown of San
rranci.«co. Mis? lAly HJldebrnnd and Miss
Crissie Hock adorned other rooms with
gay ribbon festoons, etc. The fallowing
are the names of some of the puestsr Mr.
and Mrs. George Haub, Niel.=?n Haub,
Mrs. Theodore Reichart. Mrs. C. C. Va
lencia. Mr. and Mrs. Frank Tanforan.
Mi««» I.<>v»"tta Tanforan. Mr. and Mrs. J.
Alexander White, Mr. and Mrs. O. Pa
checo. Mr. ard Mr?. C. Hildobrahd. Mr.
rind Mrs. Ernst Jensen. Mr. and Mrs. J.
I-afrarchi. Mr. and Mrs. H. Johnson Mr.
and Mrs. H. I><n«rfeUow. Mr. ami Mrs.
M. Pmith. Miss C Schultz. P Pnroella.
Sfffss Ltnian M. Hild*nr*nd. Jack Stande.
Mi?s May Ooetz. Al XV. Lehrke Mi=« Kate
Fir.kenstr-dt. <leor*re Miller. Miss Mamie
P*nith. Mhs MererrW Pacbeco Mips Ros»e
Cramer, Oeorere FinVpnstedt . Mi<*s Je*n
i»tte S. Bannder*. Charles Stande. Miss
pRidii 1 V.. Rn under*. P-mj! p->cheer> Mi.o<?
Emmie Scrfvner. E. P. Rake Mrs 6
-Inhnson. Miss Olive Jahnren. M'?s Julia.
Valencia. Wilbur T-organ. M^s Gaily Pa
rheoo, Val Valencia. Miss Mary Blocina.
R. A. Browr.e. Miss Henrietta* Vnl«»ne!a.
T=*re»» W. Rwwiier. V. Helduskn. Thomas
Pacheco. Miss Alma Pall. M!?s Mae
R<*huur. Mr. and Mrs. He}ri Z Mis* Ad»
Mantell. Mrs. J. Lemer. Mr* J. Hilde
branri. C. J. Johnson. A. P.al]?.rd A H
Prown. Mm. R. Marion. J. M"tsv Miss
>npie FinkenFte^r. Mips C Hock. Mips
Frfrfa T^ieders. Mn» A_ T.uertors. Mr«. M.
K, Hopkins. Mrs. Emma Braupr. H>nry
Ptande. W. A T^n**-.. Alex Cnnena. John
Oanepn. C. Wenrft. Iniado Pa«?h"<v> I.aw
renee Tanforan. rharlie Ovrrall. Theo
dore Alber-torf. Philip Albertoni and Mr.
and Mm. H. Nielli
On Friday evening. September 14. a
most enjoyable surprise party was piven
to Miss Frieda Harm al her re: ider.ce. 1602
Folsom street. Thos? present were: Mr.
and Mrs. Harm. Miss Anna Harm. Mins
Anna Koch. Frieda Harm. Ed Wheclan.
Annie Brauer. Eddie Candape. Maude
Prendergast. Henry Brauor. jeannette
Kohn, Charles Sammann, Mattie Kohn.
Morris Rosenplath. Carrie Heisel. Edward
Brauer. Edith Kosengren. Charles Brown,
Richard Koch.
A pleasant party was given in honor ef
the birthday of Miss Lucy Mueller at her
residence, 2008 Powell street, on Friday
evening, September 14. At 10:30 p. m. the
quests repaired to the dining-room, where
they partook of a splendid repast. A de
lightful evening was spent with music and
games. Those present were: Misses Fede
Kathjen, Clara Ruthjen of Tracy. Rosio
Rhodes of Stockton. Lucy Moeller, Julia
Imslck, t>ora Moeller, Ada Salisbergrer,
Johanna Imsick, Mrs. Burr. Mrs. Odo:i,
Mrs. Bach, Mrs. Kr^hmke. Mrs. Moelk'r.
Kdgar Oden, K. Nilson. John Nllson. Mil
ton Oden, Albert Moeller. John Moeller
of Tracy, Gust Moeller. H. Schreiber.
Arrelia, were given a very pleasant t-ur
prisr- party last week. The evening passed
quickly and happily with sir.gir.g, dancing
ar.d games. Thoscproreni were: Mrs. de
Pass, Mrs. Dlxon. Mrs. Sweeney, Mrs.
Williams. Miss May Judge, Mis3 Tote
Judg«*. Miss Millie Nelson, Miss Rosy
Newbcjwer. Miss Allie O'Neil, Miss Clara
l^nahan. Miss Hose Morrison, Miss Map
gie Ginty. Miss Annie Ragget, Gus Paetz,
Everett Sweney, ChavJes Collins, Budge
Gunnlson, Edward Chessmann, Walter
Jakobs. Henry Nrlsoa, John Herring.
Oscar Hatten. Frank Jakobs. Harry Laib
and Ernest Jakobs.
S. H. Frledlander & Co. received word
from El Paso, Tex., yesterday afternoon
that the baggage, costumes, ncenery and
stage paraphernalia of the Azzali Italian
Grand Opera Company, booked to open at
the California Theater to-night, were held
at that port of entry by the United States
Custom-house officials. A bond, guaran
teeing that everything shall be sent out of
the country at the expiration of the en
gagement, was immediately prepaid and
forwarded, but the delay arising necessi
tates a postponement of the opening until
Wednesday night, when "Otello" will be
sung. "Carmen" will be the bill Thurs
day night, "Aida" will be given Friday
and Sunday. "La Traviata" will be heard
at the Saturday matinee and "Otello"
will be repeated Saturday night. Thirty
eight people come with the organization
and they will be reinforced in this city
with a carefully rehearsed chorus of forty.
Persons who have purchased seats for
to-night. Monday or Tuesday may ex
change them for any of the above per
formances; or, if desired, the money will
be refunded.
Among the musical happenings for this
week will be another song recital by Miss
Anna Miller Wood, a Saturday matinee.
September 29; a farewell piano recital by
little Paloma Hchramm and her sister
Karla on Tuesday evening, September 25;
a concert given by Mrs. H, L^wiB on Fri
day evening, September 2S: a concert for
the benefit of Gus and Willie Franklin,
two blind boys, on Thursday evening.
September 27— all of these at Sherman &
Clay's Hall. A concert in aid of the Gal
veston fund will be given by the German
singing societies of the city at the Metro
politan Temple Monday evening. Septem
ber 24. Three hundred voices wtll be
heard in chorus and a number of solos.
• • •
An interesting recital was that given by
Miss Grace Barker Marshall, pianist, and
Cert Georges, basso, at Sherman & Clay's
Hall on Tuesday evening last. .The hall
was crowded to its utmost capacity by
the friends of the young people, who were
most enthusiastic in their reception of the
work of the musicians. .?„„«,
Miss Marshall Is a young pianist pos
sessing many natural advantages, not the
least of which Is a charming stage pres
ence, but she has yet much to learn— «nd
unlearn-of her chosen instrument. That
she possesses temperament is undoubted,
and a certain amount of technical facility,
though not of the higher kind which in
cludes tone-production: but her style is
flippant and calculated to exhibit, in Its
chopped-off phrases and complete lack of
the singing quality of tone, the most Par
ing defects of her instrument. That it is
largelv a technical lack I am persuaded
and Miss Marshall is young enough and
musical enough, with good tra n ing and
effort, very soon to repair this deficiency
Mr Georges, who will shortly go East
to study, has a good bass voice, of fine
compass and exceptional quality. His
school is artistic, and the ''Prologue'
from "Pagliacci" was rendered with fine
breadth and dramatic appreciation. \V e
shall undoubtedly hear more of Mr.
Georges in the not too distant future.
Samuel Savannah and Arthur Ficken
sher, who assisted the young musicians,
nlayed the first movement of the Or ilaj.
Sonata of Rubinstein, and Miss Estelle
Brinn accompanied the "Pagliacci pro
logue in very effective fashion.
An Infer* sting piano recital was given
on Monday evening last by Miss Marlon
Beai at Sherman-Clay Hall* The young
lady was a pupil of Dr. Jedliczka of Ber
lin foi four years and shows an admirable
school. Her octave an3 staccato work is
particularly good, and while her interpre
tations lack climax and repose they ha\e
a certain picturesque quality.
It is probable if the forthcoming sym
phony concert at the Tivoll Opera-house
under the direction of Max HIrschfeld
is a success that a symphony series under
the same director will be attempted. It
is to be remembered that the successful
symphony seasons under Adolpn Bauer
and Fritz Scheel were inaugurated in the
popular little theater, and that Mr.
Hl'schfeld's good work with the Tlvoll
orchestra perhaps points him out as the
most capable conductor it present among
U3 „ .
"The Symphonie Fantastique," an epi
sode in the life of an artist, which will
be given for the first time in ssan I- r.in
clsco. is an extraordinary and nlrnpst
terrifying musical conception. In which
Berlioz embodies the dreams of an opium
fiend. I heard It given by the Sir Charles
Halle orchestra in England, and should
certainly accord it first place in the cata
logue of the bizarre and terrible In muMe
Many women wept and men shuddered
at its strange harmonies.
Another very Interesting musical affair
of the week was the grand concert given
on Friday evening by Miss Rose Adler
Relda of the Opera Comique. Paris. As is
generally known. Miss Relda is also a
California girl, a former pupil of Miss
Marie Withrow, and in Paris of Mme.
Colonne. A large audience greeted the
clever songstress in spite of the over
whelming heat, and received most enthu
siastically the numbers on her notable
programme. Miss Relda's voice has
gained conspicuously In power since she
was last heard here four years ago, and
she has. a facile and certain technique.
The favorite "Shadow Dance," despair of
the coloratura singer, was sung in bril
liant and delicate fashion, with fine light
ness and perfect technique. "Le Cygne
showed Miss Relda's beautiful pianissimo
—the voice is peculiarly penetrating in
comparison with its lightness; and in the
"Bell Song" from "Lakme" the artist
gave us a taste of her dramatic quality.
Miss Relda was assisted by Arthur
Weiss, the 'cellist, whose Popper "Ro
mance," and "Caprice Hongrrolse of
Roever, were finely rendered and much
enjoyed. Miss Genevieve May Moroney
accompanied in competent fashion.
tically powerful "Dlvinites du Styx," an
aria from the "Alceste" of Gluck.
Mrs. Florence Orton Kimnall of "Wash
ington. D. C. wife of George G. Kimball.
postofflce inspector in charge of the St.
Paul division, Is at 640 Golden Gate ave-
Mr. and Mrs. B. F. Small of 3730 Twen
ty-second street have returned from their
soiourn at "The Bplvoir," Niles. Ca!.
Mrs. Alice E. Winans of San Jose has
been the erucst durinp the nast week nf
her daughter. Mrs. Frank Willard Kim
ball of this city.
A. F. Martin of Oakland and Captain
Charles Nelson of Ran Francisco are
among the arrivals at Byron Hot Srrlnsrs
Dr. Fottrell has returned from Europe.
.Mrs. F. Kaufmann, Mrs. I. Oppen
heimer and Miss Rose will be pleased to
see their friends at 2021 Sacramento street
on the second Wednesday of the month.
Mrs. Sip. Kaufmann at home. 3019 Sac
ramento street, first Friday of the month.
Mr. -and Mrs. Nathan Levy (nee Brande
man) will receive their friends to-day at
4106 Twentieth street, near Castro.
Miss M. Callahan left for New York
last week
Dr. and Mrs. James Stark have re
turned from their trip abroad, where they
visited the Paris Exposition.
Mr. and Mrs. Morgenthal and family
have returned from Corte Madera. where
they have been sojourning for the past
three months.
Personals.
friends Monday, September 24, from 2 to
5 p. m. at 430A Fulton street.
The twenty-second anniversary ball
plven by the San Francisco Frauen
Verein will be held at Saratoga Hall, 814
Geary street, on Sunday evening. Octo
ber 14.
The second anniversary of the Xord
deutscher Frauen Verein will take place
on Saturday evening, October 13, at Sara
toga Hall, 814 Geary street.
The Winter Cotillion Club Is now organ
izing for Its fifth season. The executive
committee of the club, which will man
age Its affairs during 1900-1901. consists of
the following members: C. L. Mitchell,
chairman; George E. Bennett, secretary;
Miss Jeannette I. Saunders and Messrs.
William M. Abbott. L. H. Smith. C. A.
Judah, H. T. Day and Dr. Robert T.
Legge. The first assembly and grerman
will be held the latter part of November.
Company D, First Regiment League of
the Cross Cadets,. is making preparations
for Its annual military ball, to be held In
the near future at Xatlve Sons' Hall.
The Castre Heights Club will hold its
first annual entertainment and ball
Wednesday evening. October 10, at Na
tive Sons' Hall, Seventeenth and Mission
streets.
¦ £ -¦-..-, .¦_¦•-. ¦ • ...
THE SAX FRANCISCO- CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1900.
• - • V
26
SOCIETY
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed by
DR. and MRS. A. \V. TRAVERSE. Donoh-je
bulldinr. U"0 Market St., cor. Taylor, rooms
2S-29. with the electric needle without pain or
scar. Permanency guaranteed; hours 1 to 4 p. m.
The greatest akin food and tissue builder,
BRAHMAN TOILET CREAM
Removes wrinkles by making the skin firm.
It renders the «kln soft. ____________
smooth, clear, white and i ."S_r~*w
youthful and cure* Poison jjnkj«\V<k
Oak and Eczema. It Is a .jEJSJSAAmA.
liquid. Any cream of ths _gg*Fj*g2~BslL
consistency of butter will fo\ SBf*' *• V>ir
stimulate the growth of IS^^"3^«W^['
halr on the face. Drah- «Hl J* , 'fid©
man Toilet Cream' la rWSX •fcffiSaf*.
guaranteed not to do so. - 1HL WStHS*
Price 2Sn. Brahman
Tooth Powder, Joe. All "\ s *G&K33m£fc _^
druggists and at office of - 7 ¦ .
A. W. TRAVERSE, M. D. Large stock always
at J. S. Potts* Drujt Co.
Cure For
Eye-GIasses
WTilch tip. n!p or slip. Our new noseguards.
They don't pinch — they hnia.
Oculists' prescriptions filled Factory on
premises Quick repairing?. Phone, Mala 10.
OPHCIANs4> HflT J5*P M ' CAPWR * T Ut
«. Scientific
64Z Market 5t. instruments
unota cnaowcu Buaoixc. CaTAIOGUJ Fff!!
LADIES "ONIA"
19
ABSOLUTELY
RELIABLE
HARMLESS
AND
PAINLESS
Positively Corrects Most Obstinate Case*
A home remedy In which to place entire
confidence
Plain wr«ppe— , Securely packed. Pries $2.50
THE ONtA REMEDY CO.
350 Phslia Bids., San Francisco, California
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON,
Dermatologist, 78-80 Geary St.S.F.
Mrs, Nettie Harrison's
4||||t Hair
Day
Actually Restores GRAY OR FADED Hair to
its youthful looks in FOLR DAYS. Not a dye.
Is pleasant to use. $1 a bottle, all drag-
gists. 1 TREE treatment to all purchasers.
/ High Art. \
I The acme of Lad es' S
f Tailoring, importers of a
I cloths Wholesale mariu- i
I facturers of Ladies' Tailor- l
I made Suits and GoaScs and ¦
I New York's latest styles and I
f fashions, with a retail depart- 1
I ment. Ready to wear and i
I made to order. Our $25.00 I
suits are wor'd-beaters. Only '
10 per cent added to wholesale
prices — a big saving to you. •
S. BELLEF* <fe CO.,
228 «nd 230 SUTTEE ST.
ADVEitTIS— BTSNTS.
Dry Goods *^flii#% Company.
; Our importations for fall and winter
are now on sale, representing the
best ideas of the prominent Euro-
pean manufacturers.
Four Interesting items,
52-inch Camel's Hai/ Zibeline at $1.25
58-inch English Tailor Cheviot at $1.75
44-inch Fancy Silk and Mohair Poplins at $1-75
44-inch Novelty Silk and Wool Damasse at $2.25
COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, San Praaoiso!).
union squ~re.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A CHICMC«TCR'8 CN6USH
Pennyroyal pills
_ ,~<_>k. - . __ Oria-l«»l >nd Only CSenta*.
iv*. /TPK^.S>A»E« *1»«t« reliable. Lmdlnk ut Dnnlrt
EfU&fflk !* CIUCHllSTEK's^NGLfcTlI ,
er**^*^ la , KE0 lal WoIJ n*~ao !)<!«• ..»:»1 1
12^ _£«£» Jto' 1 " ribbon. Tako»» •<*«*¦ Befit* -#
I / . Iff **?¦•• B »jr »f jour Drnenln. or «m 4*. la
— V__.'A • •**¦ Mail. 1«»,fl«>OTMUnos!ait. Sold by
»*«— u» tais Bute M^at_ „ a--.— pyii.i, i-jZ
/ Y^J AWOMAf^S
I l^L *¦ I IS
V>£r *r7&*\ repulsive
AL 'T_A NECESSARY
.^ssJo^w !_^ to suffer
' ' from this
| ment Many a lovely face is rolnfd'by
onth T n "u of halr or dark «»hadow».
«?hiS^i Pf '? hln or cheeks, while many
otherwse Dlain faces are mado lovely -
by a clean, pure skin. •
B.B.B. ENGLISH CAROM EL
So1<J __ un < 1 «r a ruarantee to remove
superfluous halr, and to Drerent 1U
growth; has been used successfully for
twenty years by the medical profession
In England. After one application your
race will be as free from halr as the
cheek of an Infant.
ELITE SKIN FOOI>-R«nove» all
blemishes and roughness; makes th«
complexion perfect; keepe the «kin"
clear, soft and smooth.
ELITE FACE POWDER— Chemically
pure; a preventive fro— superfluous
hair. . . •
EUTB^HAIR OROWEK-Remoree
dandruff; stimulates the' seals; pro-
duces a Quick growth, and makes the
halr soft and bright.
THE ELITE BLACKHEAD BRADI-
CATOR— Permanently removes black-
heads and reduces the pores of the skin.
THE EJJTE FACE BLEACH— For
removing; tan and freckles.' It has no
ELITE DERMATOLOGY INSTITUTE
830 Market St. . San Francisco.
- Halrdreaslngr. 25c: *. manicuring:, 25c:
shampooing, 25c; facial massage and
•teaming.
£" __^
Paints the Blushes \ ra^ilfir'l
Perfect Health dA JLJ^ 0Wt
by a Magical, yet common sense trans- •(' /^Ms\.^
formation. Anita Cream U neither ,&VjRJM){\?7 ji Cj $fi>
paint, powder or bleach, but Is a medl- Iaj^A ~7/^^^yry VJ^_^^^'
cinal preparation which cures discolor- (/ ¦^^ k *lj •— '
ations by removing them in the only Ay^\^> -\J ''^e. /
thoroughly satisfactory manner known ; — '
to science. It actually removes the Outer, discolored cuticle In small dust-like
particles and causes a new, transparent skin to appear. The treatment is neither
disfiguring or inconvenient It is a sure cure for Tan, Freckles, Moth and Liver
Patches, Muddiness and all skin discolorations.
FREE SAMPLE If y»» cann«t ebtala Anita Cream of ysx firoceut. sand 50c to us for a foil
sUe4 Jar. Full particulars ana Instructions together with a liberal sample
*>;',! te c*!lt4 to toy »d£rm lor afcrttir.p.
AMT» CRgA* 4 Ton~ Co. »7 Franhlin St. Loi Anjelej. CcLOn the night of November 22 Forget-me
not Lodge will give its semi-annual
social, on which occasion there wlll.be
presented, in addition to dancing, a mu
sical and literary programme.
Silver Spray Lodge of the Degree of
Honor last Tuesday night admitted a
stranger by initiation. During the even
ing the lodge was addressed by Past
Master Barnes. Next Tuesday night the
lodge will give a social In its- lodgeroom
In Excelsior Hall.
Degree of Honor.
On the night of the 15th the grand mas
ter, the gTand recorder and the grand re
ceiver paid a visit to the lodge in Gilroy
and assisted at the Initiation of three can
didates. During the evening there were
spirited addresses by Grand Master
Snook. Grand Recorder Spencer and topi
cal songs by Grand Receiver Booth. Aft
er the meeting the Ladies of the Degree
of Honor of that city served to the vis
itors and the members of the lodge one
of the most toothsome banquets ever of
fered to Workmen In this State.
Fresno Lodge at its last held meeting
Initiated eighteen candidates.
Grand Recorder Spencer will visit Silver
Gate Lodge at San Diego on the 1st of
October and on the 3d he will visit the
lodges in Los Angeles in joint session.
Grand Master Snook and Deputy Grand
Master Danforth visited the lodges in
Sacramento City last Friday night and
spoke In favor of extension work and of
reducing suspensions.
The responses from lodges In aid of the
suffering members of the Ancient Order
of United Workmen in Texas are liberal,
and it Ms expected that before all have
contributed .more than what was called
for by the grand master, who asked that
each member contribute 10 cents to the
general fund of relief, will have been real
ized. Magnolia and Prosperity lodges
have already donated $25 each and Fidel
ity ha« donated $20.
Ancient Order of United Workman.
The good of the order committee has
arranged for an outing for the members
of California Council of the Daughters of
Liberty and their friends to Camp Taylor
to-day. The membership of this council
now-, numbers 133, and there are five
strangers waiting to be initiated. The
meetings are well attended and much in
terest is manifested in the work of the
order. The entertainment committee has
arranged for the presentation of a farce,
"The Want of a Servant." The charac
ters will be taken by a number of the
members, and the farce will be given dur
ing October.
Daughters of Liberty.
Minerva Lodge No. 26 of the Independent
Order Son3 of Benjamin held an open
meeting in the Alcazar building on the
evening of last Tuesday. There was a
large attendance, and the following pro
gramme was presented under the direc
tion o,f Mrs. Minnie Label, mistress of
ceremonies: Piano selection. Miss Pau
line Lichter; vocal solos, Misses Louise
Buan and Peters; recitations, Samuel
Charmick; funnyisms, J. E. Edwards; re
marks for the instruction of strangers as
to the order. Rev. Dr. Isadore Meyers.
Refreshments were served during the
evening.
Sons of Benjamin.
Both Golden Gate and Volunteer Coun
cils of this city have work in the initia
tory degree at every meeting. These two
councils have arranged for a grand enter
tainment, to be given at no distant date.
This order, which originated in this
city, is showing an increase which is
gratifying to the grand officers. The
financial report for August is said to be
the best in the history of the order. For
some time past the order has instituted
an average of five councils a month. At
the recent session of the Fraternal Con
gress, held in Boston, Mass., the order
was admitted to membership. This
means, say the officers, that the order has
stood tho test of the leading: fraternal
men of the country and has been ap
proved by them. The order has for a long
time worked to attain that end.
Order of Pendo.
to a number of toasts, music and songs.
Grand Secretary I. J. Aschheim, who re
cently married Miss E. Fleischman of this
city, is on his wedding tour in the north
ern part of the country.
On the night of the last day in
California Circle, in accordance with its
custom of having a hoclal on the fiflh
Friday of a month, cave an entertain
ment and dance in its hall In the Native
Sons' building, which was attended by a
very large number of people, who were
treated to a very entertaining programme.
There were comic suiiffS and jokes by
Messrs. Barry and Turley; vocal selec
tions, Mrs. Permelia Ross: dramatic reci
tations. Miss Alice Perrin; coon song,
Master Willie Dodge; Instrumental selec
tions. Miss E. Mallory; recitations, Mrs.
Anna Corves; vocal folo, M. Dean; re
marks on woodcraft by Lawrence Vincent
and comic sayings, by A. L. Holder. After
the programme the ladies of the circle
Berved refreshments. The function,
which closed with dancing, was directed
>.y Miss Maude Deln-.ede. Mrs. Anna
Dodge, Miss Alice Perrin and Mrs. Anna
Corves. During the evening several appli
cations were received from persons desir
ing to become members of the circle.
Titmalpais Camp has been making re
markable headway of late, and if it keeps
up the paco it will make some of the
large camps look to their crowns. From
an almost insignificant camp a few
months ngo it has risen to third place,
and its organizer says that by the close
of the year it will stand second. The
camp has a srood organizer and mnny
good workers who are doing all they can
to bring the camp into prominence. Laii
rance Vincent, a very active member,
says that while it is true that the Golden
Gate Is very prominent. Tamalpals over
tops the Golden Gate, and that if No. fi4
is not careful the camp he belongs to will
boar the same relation to Golden Gate
Camp that the mountain does to the his
toric entrance to our bay. This camp will
give its night at home on the last Thurs
day nf the month. Some time during the
month of October the members of Tamal
pais Camp will go on a trolley ride and
wind up with a dance at the ocean beach.
Four cars have been secured for the oc
casion. On the night of the second Mon
day in October Dr. M. B. Ksfea will give
a lecture before the camp on the X-ray
and will illustrate it with subjects. In a
short time the members will be the guests
of Western Addition Camp at a. banquet.
One of the features of the camp meet
ings is the singing by the Columbia Quar
tet. Last Monday the camp initiated fif
teen candidates and it has yet twenty to
give the degrees to. During the evening
I>r. Brautr was elected manager, J. Mc-
Elroy escort and J. McBvln assistant es
cort to fill unexpired terms.
Last week Sirs. Jennie Clark, the
clerk of Redwood Circle, was surprised
at h«*r home by members of the circle
who called to congratulate her on the an
nivprsary of her birth. After congratu
lations, the hou5e was takon possession
of by the visitors, who started an even
ing of entertainment. Including music,
singing and recitations, after which good
things were taken from parcels, spread
on the tables and a generous collation
served. There were present: Mr. and
Mrs. A. O. CJark. Mr. and Mrs. G. \V.
Schweinhard. Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Stane
art, Mr. and Mrs. F. Wilder. Mr. and Mra.
J. Prader. Mr. and Mrs. Heinz, Mr. and
Mrs. J. Blackall, Mr. and Mrs. L. Gllbart,
Mrs. A. W. Miller of Tacoma, Mr. and
Mrs. Z. T. Whitten. Mr. and Mrs. A. G.
H^angy, Mr. and Mrs. F. Schneider, Mrs.
J. A. Blake. Mrs. El L. Johnson, Mists H.
Wilder. Miss J. Clark. Miss «£. Gllbart,
G. A. Lehmann, H. Lange, N. Downing
and F\ Vanzuella.
J-ast Tuesday night. the hall of Redwood
Camp in Pythian Castle was overcrowded
by those who desired to enjoy the enter
tainment and danco given by that sub
ordinate. Under the direction of S. L.
Inaac. master of ceremonies, there was
presented an Interesting programme,
which included a short address of wel
come by Consul Commander G. W.
Schweinhard; "Between the Dark and the
Daylight." recitation, Misa Myrtle B.
Brown; "Once in a Purple Twilight,"
vocal solo. H. J. Gillett; "The Return of
the Troops." the Mandolinata Club; ad
dress -on "Woodcraft," Z. T. Whitten;
and cakewalk by Miss Elma McAvoy and
Master Clarence Brown. Thla was foi-
"Woodmen of the World.
Hilke. Stockton; Mrs. Theodore Lunstedt.
Belvedere; Mary Piratski, president of
Copa de Oro Parlor, Hollistcr; Mrs. How
ard Mullen. Nellie Mails. B. F. Hanlon
and Mary French. San Francisco.
Miss Eliza D. Keith, past grand treas
urer, has addressed a circular to all the
parlors of Native Daughters in the State
urging the members to use their influence
to preserve the California forests from
extinction, a fate dangerously near.
Aurora. Ix>dge at its last held meeting
had work in the initiatory degree under
the new ritual. It was performed in a
very acceptable manner. Last Monday
night the lodge Initiated two more and
has still several strangers who. wish to
Join. ,The new work was done in a very
creditable manner. *
On the night of the 2Sth Inst. Bay City
Lodge will, be xea/ly J to initiate several
candidates under the new ritual.*
The grand officers are making arrahge-
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
National Union.
At the meeting of the San Francisco
Cabinet of the National Union next Thurs
day several important propositions will be
presented. The ca.blnet will close its of
ficial visits for the year by calling on
Union Council on the 28th and on El Do
rado Council on tho nth of October.
Last Tuesday night California Council
received five strangers into membership,
one by obligation and four by initiation in
the three decrees. There was a noticeable
Increase in the attendance, due In a great
measure to tho fact that Speaker W. A.
S. Nicholson has inaugurated in conjunc
tion -with the entertainment committee an
hour of enjoyment under good of the or
der every meeting. The following was
the programme last Tuesday: Phonograph
Fp«»ctaHies, W. F. Morton; tenor solo, W,
li. Anthony; vocal selections. California
Council quartet, composed of Messrs. Ler,
Robins, Anthony and Glrard; one-man
orchestra. Gforge B. Bramhall. and vocal
polo. Mr. Robfns. At the meeting on Oc
tober 2 there will be a. good programme of
music. legerdemain and a Little Eva cake
walk by L. Vincent and L. Banz.
Berkeley Council, on the evening of the
17th inst.. celebrated its third anniversary
by "a good time entertainment," on
which occasion there was an excellent
programme, which included vocal solos,
selections oy a quintet, specialties and
addresses by J. W. Cuthbert, president of
the San Francisco Cabinet, and George
Drumra. Those who contributed to the
entertainment were Messrs. Nahl, Mc-
Donald. J. and C. Mills, Clark BriggK,
Milton Schwartz, Fowden. Morse, Wood
ville and Broad. There was a fine colla
tion and light refreshments. Deputy
Bunting was missed, but was excused, be
cause he is on his wedding tour.
The members of IJritannia Lodge No. 7
of the Daughters of St. George who be
long to the fortnightly social club of that
organization had a most delightful time
last week at the residence of Mrs. O.
Street, ifiloB Clay street. The handsomely
appointed parlors were tastefully decor
ated with flowers and evergreens and bril
liantly illuminated. There was a pro
gramme of entertainment that included a
piano recital by Mrs. 11. Williams: read
ing from Shakespeare, Mrs. It. Hewitt:
comic song and dance, Mrs. E. Goss; vocal
selections, Miss P. Beauford; phrenolog
ical readings, Mrs. J. Staples: comic act
and sorig, Mrs. O. Street, and reading on
education from Sir Walter Scott. Mrs. H.
Williams, secretary of the club. After tho
programme chere was an adjournment to
the dining room, whtre an excellent colla
tion was spread on a table decorated with
Fmilax roses, pansles and sweet peas.
Everything that could be procured to
please the guests in the way of delicacies
for a collation was provided by the host
ess. Ample justice was done to what the
ladrr and her assistants had prepared. In
parting the members of the club gave the
nostPFs three cheers; then joined in sing
ing "Auld Lang Syne" and "God Save the
Queen." These who wero at this vpry
e-nicyable gathering were.: Mesdames
Olivia Street. K. Gos>!>. Hewitt, It. Mead
ows. H. Williams. J. Crcba, J. O. Davis,
J. Staples, W. Norrington, E. Llddlcoat.
Langlands. Lund. Kenwood, I>ano, Taft
and J. Beauford: also Misses F. Beau
ford, A. Beauford, M. Ball, S. Olleren
shaw. Stella Rpgan, Clare, M. Norrington
and M. Riordcn.
Daughters of St. George Club.
Live Oak Circle has arranged for a
tamale party on the 20th of October.
Ixirely Circle will give a party on the 3d
of A'nvfmber, and Vorba.no Circle of Oak
laml will give a pociiil o n the 29th Inst.
Grand Secretary Jno. J. Cordy and many
prominent members of tho order. The
visits have been productive ol awakening
an interest in the circles visited. The ad
dresses of the grand officers were inter
esting and suggestive of a means of ad
vancing the order. In the several circles
there was an exemplification of the work
and tho business methods, the work being
very satisfactory, particularly in the Ger
man and in Golden Era circles.
THE THREE LOCAL TENTS OF THE KNIGHTS OF THE MACCABEES ARE NOW LOCATED IN THE PIO
NEER BUILDING ON FOURTH STREET. THE PREMISES WILL PROBABLY BE OPENED TO PUBLIC
INSPECTION IN A FEW DAYS
Native Sons.
A new parlor if to be Instituted at.Tw
kre an«1 anotlier. organlzexl by H. TV.
V*tlP, will be instituted at MendocJno
City.
Golden Gat* Parlor, which was lnpti
tut»<l May 2. 1S84, with ninety members,
now has a m«mbrrship of two hundred
and seventy-five and nearly $10,000 la lta
At a mating of the Admission day cele
bration committee, last Monday a vote of
thanks was i>a«sed to the young ladies
who represented the groves on the float,
and to the degree teams who took part in
ih* parade. A final meeting will bo hold
to-morrow to wind ui> the affairs of the
committee.
Noble Grand Arch Lanj;#» has notified all
groves he will visit during the balance of
this month, October and November and hc
mmMM the hoi>e that each grove will
have "real live candidates," when lie
Grove has ordered new para
t.hernalia and regalia. Once a month the
grove will have a bean drawing. As many
l>*-ans as there are members will l>e placed
in a bag, oiio of ih<> boans to bo a black
one Th«? member who draws the black
bean will b" credited with a month's dues.
Many of the lorai groves have taken
»iivantaK<> of the auiivrity to reiiuce ini
tiation fees to ?5 and all are working in
the line of initiating and conferring of de
gr "#»s.
MMtizarsita Grove, with its energetic and
enthusiastic membershfp and oflicers, is
making a mark in local groves. It pro
pow i to be in Hi** forefront in Druidism
and ail are working to th/it ond.
7*h<>r« ws« an «"nthu.--i"stio meetinsj
of I>1 r>orado f'irr}n last week, more
ih"n seventy members lieine; present.
Arch DruUJeM MIm B. Tabri. who pre
rided railed upon Supreme RrnreFenta
tive J. V. Martinoni, who gave an inter
• fting Hf mum of what was done in tho
mprem" session held in Indfanapclls and
flso told of the pleasant . trip he had in
rompany with James Ifnpran. his col-
Jpague '.in xh*- way there. Mips Kabri. on
Uehalf of tSte circl«>, thankc-1 the fuprcme
representative and dwelt particularly on
his work in the mailer of securing the
charter for a Brand circle for California.
Kh«» then announced that the circle had
jir*-par« i <l a rereption In his honor. Then
followed lh« introduction of Air. Mar
nnnni to all present, a programme of
dancing, FinsrinK and literary numbers:
ihe presentation of a basket of rhry.«an
thfmumf to th« pupreme representative
Bad a pleasant pocinl hour.
Xh-uidism.
LATEST NEWS OF FRATERNAL ORGANISATIONS.
Order of Eastern Star. \ 1
To-morrow r.ipht the grand officers xdli
roy an official risit to Olive Branch Chap
tor, on which occ-asloii several stranpprs
will be admitted toy initiation In the man
ner tvhich has won eo much commenda
tion for the officers of this chapter.
On next Tuesday night the officers of
Ivy Chapter w;il be called upon to Initiate
tt> verai candidate?, as a number have been
elected to membership.
Oa Wednesday r.igrnt Harmony Chapter
¦will meet In its hail In th« Golden Gate
Asylum.
Ijist Friday nlgrht a new chapter was
instituted in Santa Paula by Past Patron
Foster. The grand patron will ehortly
Institute en© In San Mateo.
Oakland Chapter grave its tourist party
last Thursday. There was a good at
s^ndance and all enjoyed a pleasant even
ing.
I'r.ity Chapter will give a party on the
r.ipht of the 25th lnet. In Its hall.
Mrs. Eva M. Porter of Saiinas. past
grand matron, ar.d Mrs. K. S. Craig, past
i^rarA treasurer, were in this city last
¦ret k.
1^.^-t Tuesday Grand Patron Darling vts
;•».'. the chanter In San Jose and on
v. - lnesO&T visited Miramonte Chapter at
Mountain View.
T!i«» next of the Grand Chapter
¦n:.! be opened in Pan Joee on the 16th
ox October and remain In session for sev
eral days.
ITotes of the Elks
Fan Kranrtpco l*>6e;e at its last held
rr.oetir.s .Initiated five candidates and re
ceH'ed four applications. E. G. Somps,
v. bo passed away a few days since, was a
member of this lodge, an active worker
and highly respected by all. The com
mlttea on button bad^e expects to make a
report on the firet of next month. Dr.
E. N. Short, R. P. Churchil!. J. K. Howell.
L. J. McCar.n, C. Quen, A. J. Carmany
and Philip liolger have been named a
committee to make arrangements for
memorial service to b© held on December
S. It Is stated that S. li. L>aniels will
lecture before- the lodge In a short time on
the subject of silver. Hugh ilagen re
turned last Tuesday, after a three months'
tour of Orefun. lie re-ports Elklsm boom
i!-.y; In. that tftate.
Grand Bet earned Leading Knight J. O.
Reis will eoon 5tart on a tour through
Oregon. Idaho, Montana ar.d "Washington.
Los Ar.gele« l^odgu Is reaching for the
«"ki rnark. In the past tlvree months it Ini
tiated sixteen strangers and received
twenty-three application?.
The Portland street fair has already
nruod 510.000, the result of hard work by
ihe Portland Elks, aesisted by the mem
bers of Klks in the northern lodges.
Tacoma Elkt will have a street fair
during the last two weeks in October.
San Jose Lodge, which Is etill gaining,
expects to pa^-s the 20" mark before the
cIom of the year. It will have a ladies'
nicht in November.
'"lakland Lo<1>;e is preparing for an Elks'
right in October.
Barbara and Salinas lodges, the
babies of th" order, are Increasing rapidly.
The first nam< d. thouph but three months
<M. alreadv has "'».) mi-mbers. while the
l»et named has seventy members, with
four applications to act upon.
The lodpe of <Jrass Valley ar.d that of
Nevada City will soon join forces to give
a theatrical performance and ball.
The pedestrian annex will l*»ave Elks'
Hall at W o'clock this morning for a trip
Through the park to the ocean beach. This
•-ill he the nrst outing sine* Phil Bolgcr
The Rebekahs.
Sext Friday night th»- members of San
Francisco Rebekah Drill Corps No. 2 Will
gtv« ¦ grand military display drill in the
assembly hall of the Odd Fellows* build
::._• The young ladies who are members
f the corps have for some time past been
n <>r the instructions of General E. II.
li'.ack, mho drilled them to marvelous per
v.;i..,n. Tht- drlil is to be followed by
dancing.
Loyal Rebckah Lodge will initiate sev
• -r;il candidates at the mooting to-mor
row night, and the new floor work will
I • introduced. The "Ja.rley •waxworks"
t r.tTtainment given last Monday by thi<3
lodge, a notice of which appeared in the
: al columns of The Call the following
o ii.ing:. wa* one of »he most enjoyable
• :.:• rtajnmenis this lodge has ever given.
• vsas highly appreciated by the many
v ho wore in attendance.
<;*rden City Lodge of San Jo^e has con
tributed $50 to the fund for the sufferers
in Tfxas.
T>mplar Ixxlge Initiated ceveral candi
datos last night.
Oriental Lodce after routine bu«in?ss
last \V«>dre^day r.isrht opened a social in
% Id «f the hospital fund for the orphans'
iiome at Gilroy. There was a large number
of persons present and quite a good sum
was obtained for the fund. Next WVdne*.
day night the lodge will give an "animal
, On the evening of the 15th Inst. th«
members of Templar Lodge gave a pleas*
Ing entertainment in aid of the hospital
fund for the Orphans' Home. The feature
of an interesting programme was the pie
fentation nf tho Stanley Dwarfs, who, be
ing on their way bo Capo Nome, remained
over long enough to appear for the mem
bers of Templar Lodge. A dance followed
the programme.
Loyal R<be kah Lodge will have an oper
meeting on the i:>th of October.
Mission Rebekah Lodge at its last-held
mooting, after business opened under gooc
of the minhr?. had a watermelon party
followed by dancing. This lodge will giv«
an entertainment and dar.ee on the nichl
of the 2>th, In Excelsior Hall, in aid ol
the Orphans' Home.
treasury. It has in that time paid about
$12,000 in sick benefits, the sum of $3100
having been paid to one member alone on
account of sickness. One of the most
active workers for the parlor is Adolph
l-bfrhart. the recording secretary, who is
also the recording secretary of the Native
inins 1 Hall AFsociation. He has been
secretary of Golden Gate Parlor for ten
y«.-ars. He was one of the first to sug
gest the building of a Native Sons' Hall
and after the building was completed the
nail association expressed its apprecia
tion of his services by pre5enting him a
valuable gold watch and chain.
Native Daughters.
At the last held meeting of Golden State
Parlor No. &0, Native Daughters of the-
Golden West, Miss R. Hunt and Miss H.
Reusche were admitted to membership
by initiation.
Orinda Parlor pave an anniversary re
ception ar.d ball last Tuesday, which was
wt-il attended.
Grand President Mrs. Ema Gett is visit
ing the parlors in the northern part of
the State.
The following named registered at the
office of Grand Secretary Miss Laura J.
Frakes within the past few days: Miss
Mary Howard, George F. Howard, Orville
Randolph. Tillie Colwell, Roda Joy, Frank
Payne. Margaret Brady, Edgar Deacon
and Clara Goldworthy, Sutter Creek; Rose
Stacil. J. p. Kelly, Amelia Carmedartori
?Jid Nellie Fontenrose, Jackson: Dora
Zmudowski fgTand treasurer), Joseph
Zmudowski. Sara Wiley and Luella Mc-
Carthy, Watsonville; Ora Crawford and
Mabel Curtis, Crescent City; Minnie Virg
nus. Cclia Katze and Minnie Nichols, Los
Angeles: Ema Gett. grand president, and
\V. A. Gett. Sacramento: James Collins
and Mrs. James Collins, Fresno; Julia
Levy, secretary of Visalia Parlor, and
Alice Jordan, president of Visalia Parlor,
Visalia; Stella Flnkeldav, grand trustee.
Santa Cruz; Mrs. H. Jeffrey, Amador;
Jennie Bowie, Weavervllle; Annie Bed
ford, Anderson; Gurlie Bacon. San Diego;
Lillian Mallon. Nevada City; Emma
lowed by a programme of twelre dances.
So great was the number-of ladles and
gentlemen present that an additional hall
had to be secured to give all a chance to
dance. Louis Merkl, R. J. Blalne, J. G.
Chase Jr., A. B. Ros3 and H. J. Lloyd were
the committee of arrangements.
:
Foresters of America.
A new court of the order -was instituted
last Friday at Elmhurst by Grand Chief
Ranger Asher and Grand Secretary Cordy.
Court del Monte of Monterey will cele
brate the tenth anniversary of its exist
ence by an entertainment and dance in
the Bagby Opera-house on the night of
the 27th inst.
Court Farallone will give a social and
musical entertainment in Murphy's Hall.
Ocean View, on the 28th inst.
Next Tuesday evening the degree team
of Court United States of America will
come over from Oakland to initiate can
didates for Court Robin Hood of this city.
Timothy Mahoney of Court Eclipse has
by his Individual efforts Introduced Into
that court fifty-two members, and he was
not working for a prize.
American Companions.
Mrs. Kate Agee, grand chief companion
of the Companions of the Forest of Amer
ica, commenced her official viBlts for the
term by presenting herself last week be
fore Excelsior Circle in this city, as has
been announced in the local columns. Last
Monday she visited Oakland Circle in Oak
land, on Wednesday she was with Lorely j
(GWman) Circle in this city and on Thurs
day night with Golden Era Circle. Her
next visit will be to Inter Nos Circle on
the 2d of October. Upon these visits the
grand chief companion has been accom
panied by Grand Sub-Chief Miss Alice
Tlcoulet, Grand Financial Secretary Miss
Agnes D. Eremer. Grand Left Guide Miss
MT McMurray, Grand Organist Mrs. W.
A, Donlon and Grand Trustees Mrs. H.
"Worms and Mrs. Jennie "Weisel. As vis
itors to the local circles there have been
Grand Chief Ranger Hugo K. Asher,
ments to carry out a programme of offi
cial visits and are also considering a
scheme to Increase the premiums offered
to members.
Aurora Lodge at Its meeting: last Mon
day night admitted two candidates by
initiation under the new ritual. The work
was well done by the Beveral officers and
was commended by a number of the on
lookers. The new ritual Introduces a num
ber of novel features.
Friends of the Forest
Last Monday night the supreme officers,
with the exception of the vie© president,
paid an official visit to Lincoln Lodge, and
there was a deal said for the good of the
order. The visit was followed by a ban
quet.
Last Tuesday night Pioneer Lodge ad
mitted four members by initiation, the
work being done in a very acceptable
manner. Next Tuesday night thi9 pro
gressive lodge will give a social in its
hall in the buildlns of the Ancient Order
of Foresters. An energetic committee has
been appointed to take charge of the
function.
Last "Wednesday night the supreme offi
cers paid an official visit to Mizpah Lodge
in Mission Opera Hall. A very pleasant
and instructive evening was the result.
This lodge will give a social in its hall on
"Wednesday evening next. The supreme
officers also visited America Lodge on
Thursday night._
B'ne B'rith.
Last Monday night there was a joint
meeting in the hall of Unity Lodge of
Unity, Monteflore, Columbia and CremJeux
lodges under the supervision of District
Deputv I. Brown. The hall was very
tastefully decorated for the occasion by
Janitor Flyshaker, who displayed a great
deal of taste In the arrangement of the
decorations. During the evening the prin
cipal speakers were Grand Orator Rev.
J. Nieto and Otto "Weise. After the close
of the meeting there was a sumntuous
banquet, at which there were responses
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1900.
27
TLe Odd Fellows.
The grand patriarch jias nnipned nis
visit to a number of the encampments in
The southern part of the State. He has
till to visit Pasadena <m the 25th, Azusa
on the 27th instead of on the date pre
viously decided upon, and Pomona on the
>-h.
At the meeting: cf T'nity IV>dge on Tuee
: ii^xt Past <iran<l Master \V. H.
Barnes among other things will tell what
fraternity has done for him and for the
v. rid atlarc* 1 durinp the greater portion
f half a century.
I >• gree Master Kinppford and the offi
i • rs= of Parker I-o^ir""" at the la^t held
meeting <^»nferred the degrees on a candi
¦ :•'.'.' for Fidelity l.o<le<\
.AMUSEMENTS.
*T1VOLI*
TO-NIGHT, "TROVATORE."
ANOTHER GREAT BILL
FOR THE COMING WEEK.
BY GENERAL REQUEST,
THE ENORMOUS TRIUMPH,
TANNHAUSER
WILL BE REPEATED ON
MONDAY. WEDNESDAY. FRIDAY AND
SATURDAY EVENINGS.
REVIVAL HERE. AFTER MANY
YEARS. OF
THE BARBER
OF SEVILLE
TUESDAY.THURSDAY. SUNDAY NIGHTS
AND SATURDAY MATINEE.
PnPIIHR25f 808PHIRFSI
TELEPHONE BtTBH ©.
COLUMBIA^
TO-NIGHT i I«AST TOfE
The Great Double BUI,
THE BELLS
NAPOLEON'S GUARD.
T B^iS?r"MONDAY
LAST 8 NIGHTS and SATURDAY MATTSEE.
CLAY L. R.
CLEMENT STOCKWELL
AND A STRONG COMPANT.
Revival of the Popular Comedy Suocms. by
A. W. Plnero.
THE
"With the Strongest Cast That Haj Ever
Presented It Here.
NEXT SUNDAY
NIGHT
ONE WEEK ONLY.
The World's Greatest LaughmaKer.
EDDIE
FOY
In the Very Newest Farre Comedy.
A NIGHT IN TOWN
FUN FAST AND FURIOUS.
PRICES *l. 73c. We, Sfl and 23c
SEATS READY THURSDAY.
UNION COURSING PARK,
TO-DAY, SUNDAY, September 23
CLASSICAL
Open jStake!
96 - - NOMINATIONS • - 96
cinnn xotoi Prize* cinnn
OlUUU Money OlUUU
CONCERT BY YON DER MEHDEN'S BAND.
TRAIN" SERVICE:
Leaves Third and Townsend streets 19:15 a.
m.. 11 a. ra. and 12 m. and 1 p. m. ; Tw«nty-
flfth and Valencia streets tlvm minutes later,
returning at 4:43 p. m. and after laat course.
San Mateo electric cars every six minutes.
Admission 25c. Ladies Free.
17TQPH17R'5I CONCERT HOUSE.
rlOOnrin O Admission 10c.
Hanlon & Slnyer. De Goseo Brother*. Tho*.
K. Shepard. Antonio Vargas. Mae Tunlson.
Pearl Hlckman and N^w Moving Picture*.
Reserved Seats. 35c: Mattnea Sunday.
MI5S ANNA MILLER WOOD &£?&£
tarlan Church. Boston. Song Recital — SATtTR-
T>AT. SEPT. ,29. S:15 P. M. Sherman & Clay
Hall. 223 Sutter st. Reserved seats fl; General
admission. «5c. Seats reserved at Sherman &
Clay's. September 28 and 29.
SXONG F»O GH>\
Successor to Dr. LAI PO TAL
graduate of Canton Medical
Celleg«. after a *«ry success-
ful practice of many years In
China, has located In San
Francisco. Th« surprlslnc and
marvelous cure* effected by
his herbs demonstrate their
pctence and his skill. Them
nerba cure over 400 different
diseases. Including Bright' s
Disease. Diabetes. Consump-
tion. Asthma, Paralysis.
Brain. Iferre. Cancers. Tumors. Blood. Mai-*
and Female Maladies. All persons afflicted
with any kind of malady whatsoever are in-
vited to call. Office. 737 Washington tt. Offl<a
hours— J a. m. to 12 ra., 1 to 9 p. m.; Sundays.
10 a. m. to 12 ra. Accept grateful thanks *or
effectmx a cure of asthma of several years*
standing. A. BARLET. Ban Rafael.
wmF call
$1 per Year.
Enlarged to 16 Pages
AMUSEMENTS. _^
Week Commencing . Matinee To-day. Sept. 23.
VAUDEVILL-FaT ITS BEST
FAREWELL WEEK OF
JESSIE
BARRETT
In an Entire Change of Repertoire.
WAYNF AND llALDWELL
Presenting George M. Cohan's "To Boston on
Business."
~^HkouT7nd dill,
Famous German Dialect Comedians.
mr^nF"mrs7Tac~kson
In an Up-to-Date Comedy. "A Married Mm."
MERRlffT^mjRDOCKi
Old Fa\-orites, in an Original Vaudeville Bkntch.
One of the Bill's BIc Hits.
"~McCALE^51)"ANlELSr
In a New Knock-about Novelty Sketch.
THE GREAT AMERICAN BIQGRATH
MATINEE TO-DAY, SUNDAY. SEPT. 23.
Parquet, 23c, any seat: balcony. 10c; chil-
dren, 10c, any part except reserved.
A few front orchestra rows reserved, 60c;
front rows of balcony, reserved. 25c.
.'Eddy and Jores sts. Phone South 770.
ALP ELLINGHOUSE.. Proprietor and Manager
NEW NOVELTY SHOW
STARTING MATiNEi-
with TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT.
ONE WEEK ONLY.
New York World's Karce Comedy Success,
KIDS.
Direct From New York.
AN EXCEPTIO ALLY BRILLIANT
SHOW.
30— FUN-MAKERS— 30
THE OTTS-BOULDEN & GRIFFIN
4— CARNATIONS— 4
GRIFFIN flND GRIFFIE.
NEWSBUYa 1 QUARTETTE.
FE/VIMLE QUARTETTEi
MATINEE SATURDAY.
OUR POPULAR PRICES.
-* EVENING— 15c. 25o, 35c, 60o and 75c
MATINEE— 15c. 25o. 35c and 50c.
•• NEXT— "THAT MAN."-
THE MANAGEMENT OF THE CALIFORNIA
THEATER ANNOUNCES THAT THE
Azzali Italian Grand Opera Co.
HAS BEEN DELAYED BY THE CUSTOM-
HOUSE AUTHORITIES AT EL PA3O,
TEXAS. AND AVIIJ> NOT BE ABLB TO
ARRIVE IN SAN FRANCISCO
UNTIL TUESDAY NIGHT.
THEY WILL POSITIVELY OPEN ON
WEDNESDAY NIGHT, SEPT. 26>
WITH VETIDI'S .
?•OTELLO."
Thursday Niffht "CARMEN"
Friday Nlsht "AIDA"
Saturday Matinee "TRAVIATA"
Saturday Nlicht "OTELLO"
Sunday Night "AIDA"
Those holding seatB for Sunday. Monday or
; Tuesday nights can have their money refunded
' or seats exchanged by applying- at the box of-
1 ttce o( tho California Theater.
POPULAR PRICES 25c. SOc and 75c
• MATINEES 23c and 50c
; GRAND OPEPA HOUSE
MATINEE TO-DAY.
"' LAST NIGHT OF
! QUO VADIS.
1 Introducing in the Arena Scene
; ADGIE'S LIONS.
; TO-MORROW EVENING...... "BLUE JEANS"
» EvenlnK Prices 10c, 15c, 25c, 60c
¦ A Few Front Rows m Orchestra, 75c.
Matinee Prices 10c. 15c, 25c. 50c. No higher.
• Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SUNDAY).
5 TO-NIGHT. "THE WIDOW'S HUSBAND."
S to-morrow" and
! MONDAY 1 entire
j NIGHT WEEIC
PICTURESQUE
PRODUCTION.
j His Japanese Wife.
f MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
f PRICES— 15c, 25c. 85c, 60c.
ni- v/n pi/i ¦ EoDir st "
- V/jL ¥ Iwi M. t AA. coo.Mxson
' r THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN
THE CITT.
r ~~ ~~
Twelfth Series of Conradl's
! LIVING STATUARY!
; THE SPORTSMAN'S BALLEf.
And OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY.
f MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY. FRIDAY.
j ADMISSION FREE.
I "_—— ; ; . _
\ SUTRO BMTHS.
: '. -OPEN NIGHTS-.
• Open daily from -7 -a., m. to 11 p. m.
; „ ¦ ¦ Bathlne from T a.- m. -to'10 n. m.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. 6c.
Bathing, including admission, 25c; children, 20c.
AMUSEMENTS.
EXHIBITION GROUNDS,
Sixteenth and Folsom Streets.
This Afternoon at 2. To-Night at 8.
And Twice Dally Until September 28.
RINGLING
"¦ BROS.
C3 TIMES
THE
I BIGGEST
I SHOW
1000 \j E.VCLK
People *^ SEEN
300 Per- (** ON
formers. THE
500 Horses. | J COAST
23 Elephants. \^J
65 Cars. /^r
100 Feature Acts, i^ :
Admission, 60c; Children Under 12 Years, 23c.
Reserved Numbered Seats and Admissions
during the entire en«;aprement at Sherman, Clay
& Co.'s Music Store, cor. Kearny and Sutter
streets. Unlike other shows, prices at down-
town office are the same as charged at ticket
wagon on show grounds.
SAN MATEO COURSING PARK
TO-DAY,
SUNDAY,
September 23.
Grand
Open
Stake!
ANDY DEAN JUTX3E
ARTHUR MASSEY SLIPPKIt
TRAIN SERVICE:
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets at
10:15 a. m., 11 a. m.. 12 m. and 1 p. m. Re-
turning leave the Park at 4:45 p. m. and after
the last course. San Mateo electric care direct
to the Park every six minutes.
ADMISSION FREE.
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
SMITH AND ELLIS
JOHNSTON AND HARVEY
RICHARD WILD
BABY RUTH
AL BUZZARD
THE GREAT LION ACT.
NEW MOViNG PICTURES.
AQUATIC SPORTSJN THE LAKE.
Telephone for seat?— Park 23.
RACING! R4C//VC/
I California Jockey Club Track,
OAKLAND.
GOLDEN GATE FAIR
ASSOCIATION,
DISTRICT No. 1.
A%P4INU/\L FAIRl
Four or More Running Race* and
Two Harne** Races Each Day,
I GRAND STOCK PARADES.
OPENING DAT
SATURDAY. September 22,
Continuing Seven Days.
» ADMISSION 5O. CENTS. . "j
\ RACING! RACING!
TANFORAN FAIR
\ OP£NS MONDAY, -SEPTEMBER 24.
% CONTINUES TWO WEEKS.
. ¦ NEW AND INTERESTING FEATURES WILL
PE GIVEN EACH DAY.
Grandest Exhlbtt of Prize Stock Ever Shown In
California.
HARNESS RAwING!
HORSE SHOW EXHIBIT
AND OTHER ATTRACTIONS.
S«* printed catalogue for, complete programme.
Trains leave Third and Townsend Streets
L every hour from 10:40 to 1:30 p. m.
HENRI J. CROCKER. President.
:. GEORGE A. NEWHALL, Secretarr. •T_ii_ feAiS [ ;.b\KA2\Oib<JU. OA.L.L, bu^Mi:, to._;ir_ __-_;_,_; :'J, li/UO.
28
SA\ FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
__. comer cf Market and Third streets, open
:ntll 12 o'clock every r.i^ht in the year,
nrtANCII OFFICES— It: Montgomery street.
:orr.er Clay; open unt'l S:23 p. m.
SGQ Hayes etreet; open until 8:30 p. m.
f-:» McAllister Hreet; open until 9:28 p. m.
CI3 Larkin street; open until ?:30 p. m.
jT-41 M!fsicn etreet; open until 10 p. m.
ZS6X Market ureet, comer Sixteenth; open
jntll S p. ia.
: r <6 nieverj'.h ctre*t; cpen until t p. in.
:C5S Valencia etreet; cpen until f p. m.
Northwest comer Twenty-second end ICen-
t--.' Uy rlrrets; open vr.lil i p. m.
enencu services.
AT Central SIetho<Jlrt Episcopal Church Vr.
S. D. Huis:r.r>ill»>r will conduct services and
j.reach r.t 11 o'clock on the topic "Forward
ar.d Upward." At T:4j a popular service will 1
L.c conducted by Dr. Ilutsinpiller, who will 1
rpei_, on "bavins Young ilen." Secretary |
li. J. McCoy cf the Y. if, C. A. will epea_
on "Young Men and the Extension of the
<iospeL" Xtoila V. Watt, president cf the Y.
M. C. A., •rill epeak or: "A Manly Religion j
. for _en." Robert Loyd and chorus will cca-
duet the music. Everybody welcome.
CALVARY Presbyterian Chur<-h, corner cf
<2e_ry _s4 Powell ets. — K»v. John Herajhili.
I>. 1).. pactur, will preach at II a. m. Sab-
bath school and Mr. Johnston's Bible class '
i:t 12:30. Christian Endeavor Society meets at |
€:i'j p. m. The Young Men's Christian Asbo- i
cialioa will held "Association Day" services ¦
ut Caivary Church in the evening, com- ;
rr.enclng at T:4j o'clock. Addresses by Noel j
H. Jaf-kn, general secretary Oakland associa-
tion, and Clarke l'otneroy, assistant secretary
cf Oakland association. Come and bring all
of your young friends.
ST. PAUL'S Church. California. 6t.. near Flll-
more— Rev. W. Maxwell Ile-illy. rector; Rev. i
A- C. %\ iison, Bfsi»tajit. Holy communion, j
7:S0 a m. Funday school. S:41 a. m. Morni:i(f !
service and pennon Ly the rector. 11 o'elnrk. !
Evening service and f»nai)n, 7:*5 o'clock.
Preacher. Kev. F. W. Clampeu. D. D.. rector ]
of Tricity Church. SJueic by St. Paul's vested 1
<jus.rtet and chorus cholf. I
ET. LUK_'S Episcopal Church, cor. of Van >
Net* ave. and Clay et. Holy communion. 8 j
t . m. Moraint prayer. 11 o'clocV. Evening j
service, 1:45 o'clock. Rev. T. J. Mackay, rec- 1
tor cf All Saints Church, Omaha, will j
preach both morning and evening. j
FIRST Cfcurch of Christ. Scientist. Central !
block. C2S Suttar et.. between Kearny et- and
Grant ave. — Chrlst'an Science Bible, lessen at I
:i _ m.; subject. "Unreality." Sunday sohool j
for children «.t the fame hour. Wednesday j
evening meeting at S o'clock. Free reading
rocs. £3* Kearny St., room £10. All ara wel-
come.
HIE First Dlrlae Scienot Church, M. E. Cra-
nier, rastor. Discourses at 11 a. m. ; subject.
•Tae SUrna _id 'Wonders Worked by the
Power of the Spirit." Service «\-ery Sunday
&t Eome Ccllege, 22C0 Seventeenth st-, be-
t— e«a l—Bk'.on and Valencia; Sunday-school
&t '.¦'¦ o'clock.
CHURCH oT Jems Christ of Latter Day Saints
— Services ever}' Sunday, ll a. m. and 7:4; p. I
m., 60S Market ft. Subject for evening meet- j
Ing "Resurrection." preaefced by Elder Orson
Hutchlneon. AJI welcome. No collections. j
ASSOCIATION Hall. Mason and Ellis sts.— j
.''.¦»» sheeting of young men this afternoon at j
J o'clock. Aitrtts by Rev. H. H. Bell. D. D. j
To-morrow evening tt S o'clock at the open- j
ing of the nlirht scbo^l for men Henry WelTi- i
etock will deliver en a<3firesa on "How ">Ve j
Are to Measure Sucre?*." Admission free and j
ell ycung men lnvltei t
BUX>DHIST Missic-n. SC7 Polk st— Service at 2 \
p. m.. liev. S. Bonoda. "Buddhism, a Literal
Beliston.** Hereafter Sunday services will
be at 11 a. m. Instead of 2 p. m. Tuesday, S
; rr. Dr J. R. Gueljh Norman, lecturer by '
appointment of th« I3udr!hist Council of the ,
Hc'ai Temple. Japan, will er**— » on "Man, :
i'Fycholosic-ar.y G— —tdered/* Wednesday. •> V- I
m.. ..;itn meeting for ftudy of Buddhism. j
FIUPT M»-Rtal Fci»r.ee Temple meets 11 a. m., I
Golden Gate HalL Special lecture. Publio
Invited. Free.
rHEOSOPHXCA— Society— Public lectures every
Bunday evening at S o'clock in Theosophic j
Hall. Odd FeU— nT building. Tonight, "The j
Pntritnal Wax* and the New Cycle." by Miss '
M .rle A- V>"a!sh. GoJden chain at 11 a. m.
1 ' j
"nEGTJNGS — SESPAY. j
DB J- DEFBW KEUGAN lectures tkis even- !
ln« on "The Chemistry Of Li!>." at Crystal :
}...:\. Pvthl^n Cfcette. S'JS JIariiet Et.. to be j
followed by BM*nl3cent view? cf a tour of ;
Scottirh Highlands. Those attending may
[jTocure free tickets to th* X-ray exhibition j
Bt tbe BXHttartoro. corner of Usrket and Ma- ¦
p r. .;?.. BexX Tmwiay evening. Seats free, j
No collection. * j
JIRS. _. a 1-ILU.t: v.-i'.l ppeai la Golden Gal? |
Jiail. CJ Putter Kt.. . Q uinla.y evening; subject. )
"Tbe XVww of th* I'nswn Wr.rld in Our !
Uldst. mil How Best to Realize It." Admls- j
• : :. ioc !
A— DR. tUXCS* Spirits— Society. yO3 Market i
;-v — 11, cfiiifn-nc*. t?i>ts fr«*e: 2-S. 10c; Mrs. I
I-«-=t>ar, l'irher. rahfir; Dr. Ulnes' home. 261
Arlington f-t.. Tuesday. Friday.
ATTEND time Marquise's convincing test cir- j
cle M-r.ight at S, 10c. 5 Hyde Ft.: rt-ad. dally. ;
gnt_, - TOCXG, €05 McAllister; convincing i
cea-.onrtration of spirit return io-niirht; 10c. i
_RS. MART EVANS-Clrcle to-n'.ght,8 o'clock; i
U _. Tue_. V."ed.. Frl.. Sat. 103 Sixth &t.
nVEHHA! WTS FTiiritusJ test mating to-night; ,
_Cu Et., cor. Batrlett: readings dally.
MRS. VIGARP' test rieering to-night. 10c. 11? |
Hiacth st.. r"oiri 7: sittings daily. j
KEET1IGS 1 iilvrr»:il Droflierbood. [
THEOSOPniCAL Society, SI3 Market St.— Leo- '
tu— ¦ to-night, "Fate," by Julius Oettl; I. B. ;
L. meeting Irt and "d Tuesday nislit; lotus j
trriup for ohilqren. Sunday. 11 — m. : room S3. j
SIEETXXG NOTICES.
Efl__I_NM LoJffe No. 145. I. O. O. j
V. — Officers £Jid funeral commit- 41j55_?3^
tee fc— : r»-cueFted to axserr.bX* at s **£}*^^r '
the!r t_l ou SUNDAY. September "*'*.
tZ at 1 p. m.. to attend the funeral of cur j
'.ate brother FRITZ P1UN7-. By crd<r at
the N. G. M. It. JAUEIt. Secretary.
EHPSIIA JEELN'STVA. B. L.. will hold spe- i
ctal meet— (ft MONDAY, s«?pt. 24. isoo, at S :
o'clock ji. m.. at 509 Market st.
M. LJUBIIJRATICH. President. I
A. V. FPILTTAK. R. S. j
ANNUAL mc'tins- The refrular annual meeting
Of the etockhoidern of the Femdale Petroleum. 1
Oil _:d Development Company will be hrld i
*t the office of the comparv. _Z Sansome St.. j
rnom Tl, »eoonij floor. Kan FVancisco. Cal.. en
MOXr>AT. the 1st day of October. 19C0. fcr
the pur?oer of elective a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing year and the transac-
tion of such other business as may come be-
f.-.re the :r.»»t;r e . CHAS. II. CL'SHIXO. Sep.
ACEXTS WASTED.
I V.'ANT a r?£::>onsitie man in every town In ;
Northern California to hand!* a big paying 1
prc;-.oeHioE; i.lso local solicitors. Address '
bos E2C3 C_l office. j
GENERAL agents in every locality In United
States to rer— -sent larse concern appointing
arrents en strictly ?alary basis of {S5 per
month, with all traveling expenses paid.
IXTt- U*, 1270 Park ave., N>w York.
AGENTS fcr hqOTCntrifl necessity; easy seller;
no «_h re<;ulr*-d. Addresi C. A. REED, il
Fu'.tcn Et.. New York.
AGENTS kr.owlns- cancer sufferers can make
blR money; writ* to-day. DR. HARRIS. 2&0
P'.ke building. Cincinnati. Ohio.
AGENTS *e'l cur aluminum card cases and
cards; circulars and samples free. Bunker
Printing C».. Lept. 21. Kansas City. Mo.
AN exytrtpnred stock solicitor wanted; refer-
ences. Address bsx AHi, Call offlco.
AGITNTS— Do you want something more proflt-
at.ie and easier to s*U than books or tnsur-
anoe? ACfl. F. FEP.gQX. r. <I2. Parrott bids.
%Z TO £0 daJIy made by cur Live Agents,
men or wora»n. selling our latest novelty. '
carrpa.!cn waterproof neckties: goods entirely
M»-w ur.a patented; agents cellehted; rales uu-
lirnltei; Trhat others do you can do: write to-
day ; secure exclusive territory; guaranteed
Jeet e«-'.'.er. AC5ress, with stamp. M. _ M,
MANFO. CO.. Dt-pt. C. Springfield. Mass.
%'ANTED — Man. upr!rht character, to manage
Business cf established hr>u*e; Jig per week and
•xpT.f,-!", pa-id -weekly, from headquarters: ex-
r«f« money arfvar.ced: position permanent;
rrf. . g r^r.dard House. 201 Ccston bMg.. Chgo.
AGENTS of ability an* exr*>r1»-r>e» !n life Insur-
«tr.c»». Cell at room 1C1. S97 Markf.. cor. F'.xih.
VIC h_B_» newst novelties for a».--ntn. PA-
CiriC AGENTS' SUPPLY CO.. 3<C1 ISth st.
A W_X3Cfl r.ewe for 5 <-ent!«— The W-elcly Call.
*_Z ».j).-«-y. '.n wrar*tT. f >r mailing. SI r«?r year.
ASvuAi.TVja. nooFiarci
J. PBUXOSn. m rph. _t roofing, !?ld«?rra!k«i: cellar
r-rr: '.ni.'.. r*-:*fr~V. poTta.1. 11?.r. S,Iis«.!on at.
ATTOKM5YS AT I,.«V.
R. W. KING, Bttorocjr at la—. 927 Market st..
rocr.i C-7; estates, dajuapea. attafhments.
tiankruiitcy. folle^ticnt:; ail cafes; fair fees;
1:0 advance chai-Res; n:on«-y loaned on estates.
ADVICE free; divorce law a 6;>ecialty; private;
ro t**> without racoon; ¦ collections. G. W.
HOWS, atty at law. SSO Market. cor.Stockton.
JTriKIJ advice; divorp" law.«. dnmanrs, estates,
collections. J. A. Mitchell,' Zii Montgoir.e.rj'.
/JUICE free; no oharse unless successful. W.
\Y. Davl.iron. 927 Market «t.. opp. Mason.
L. J?. CLARK, Emma Spreckels blfiff.. 927 Mir-
kr-t St.; ccnsuHatlon free; no fees in advance.
CUSTER. IIEnilAN' J., tttomer. 827 Ua'rket
kt., r. £25; open eve., 7-9; ccaaultatloa Xree.
ASTROLOGY.
ASTROLOGY— Serranc, recognized brightest as-
trologer in America; sketch of life and pros-
pects; send date of birth, sex and 12c. PROF.
SERRANO. P. O. box S23S. Boston. Mass.
_ME. IIICKEY, aBtrologlst; card reading and
palmistry, :5c; horoacot^s cast. 1SS3 Mission.
IIATII CADIXETS.
ROBINSON $C, 4-panel folding: door opens; firm
and rafe. W. S. UROWN. gen, agt. 428 Ellis.
BELGIAN" HARES.
FIFTY mature does and fifty half-crown Bel-
gian hares for Hale; must be sold in lump at
once: chfao. Box 4S43. Call offlce.
DOAKUIXG FOIt CUILDHEX
A GOOD home fcr 2 children; terma from $8
to $;0. I<9 Shipley tt.
CHILD to board; private schooling; music;
terras $15. Z. B.. box 3702. Call office.
WANTED-Little girl or boy to room and
board: company fcr lady; terms reasonable.
Bex 8JT44. Call office.
BCSIXESS CHANCES.
WINERY
AND
VINEYARD.
FOR SALE— An Interest not exceeding one-
half.
In a larze and well-known vineyard In one
of the best dry wine districts of tho State,
containing several hundred acres of the best
varieties of viix-s. The owner desires an asso-
ciate in carrying on and developing the busl-
noss. A splendid oj-jK>rtunlty to secure an in-
terest in a well established concern. For full
iartU-u!ars ari'ly to or address
_CAFE_ BKOTHEP.S, 1CS Montgomery st.
A— CORNER saloon: water front: wholesale dis-
trict: money-maker. COWING & CO.. 713
Market **.
A— JiOOO; HOTEL; heart city; CO rooms, all Ugiit;
cause, COWPCQ & CO.. 719 Market.
A RBSTACRANT; north Market: be?t in city;
call at once. COWING & CO.. 719 Market fit.
A— BOARDINO house on water front; money-
maker. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
$2S9 — Notions, candy. Icecream, cigars, etc., next
to lar^e school; 4 well furnished rooms; owner
leaving city. LANE & CO.. Sii Market st.
$;I9 CASH— Grocery, clean stock, in best part
of cltv; pleasant living- rooms; low rent; fine 1
business. LANE & CO., 563 Market st.
A — TRIP TO EUROPE
BAKHHS DON'T MIPS THIS
$15,000 net cash in 5 years; home bakery, coffee
oarlor. business center of S. F. ; all counter
trade; $25%; double your money in IS months;
don't fall to Fee my agents. KREDO _ DUT-
TON. 36 Geary et.
A— SAY, FISHER & CO.. have you lodging-
houses? Yes; what prlct-? $300 up, any loca-
tion Uerlred; 12 rooms. $CM; 10 roo^is. $O; 10
rooms, new $«Xl, fine; 20 rooms, bargain. $,7f.'>:
E7 rooms. 12000, enap; all sizes, all prices, all
new bargains; call and 6e« us. 1032 Market, j
$350— SACRIFICE: cigar, stationery store; re- I
celpts average $10 day: 3 rooms: rent $15; sick- I
ness cause sale. SKIFF, SOI Montgomery st. j
WE have largest list of taloons, hotels, rto- j
cerles, cirar stores, etc. in the city. Call
SCHWEINHARD & CO.. S17 Market st. be-
tween Firth and Sixth; telephone Mint 1311.
HTM*— RESTAURANT: near city; must sell ac- !
count departure- 60 regular boarders; part
cash If desired. McLaughlin & Co.. 777^4 Mkt. |
$250— CHICKEN ranch. 1 brooder house, 7 j
chicken houses. 2ij chickens. 2 incubators, 1 |
acre land, all in bearing fruit; C-room house; 1
rent $10 per month.
S4iW0— Koad house; 14 rooms; house Is new;
One location to <lo a good grocery business and j
bar: see this place before you buy. J. W.
ELKOD, Frultvale gtation. j
"HONEST Speculation"— Send for my "method" |
of "Security Investments." If satisfied with i
reasonable profits. Investments by this '
method in stocks and prain have earned In 3')
days more than a mechanic earns in 69. Send
for free j/crticulars. Customers and bnnk ref-
ertnecp. Richard Jon^s. Investment Broker,
40 Exchange place. New York. j
WANTED- Capable man with $2000 cash to es-
tablish and carry on branch business: $150 |>er
nnc?ith and expenses; also extra percentage;
I<iir.sjient arranenment: references required. 1
Ad'ir<!Fs GEO. KINO, Como Udg., Chicago.
FOR sale— Drug- store: large town; central Cal- I
ifomia: finest location; n?w Ftock and fix- j
tu.-es; pood joying prescription business; in- I
voice ?"S00; low expense. E. R. C, care I
Langley & Michaels Co., 40 First st. j
A— N'EW unfurnished hotel for rent In Stock- ;
ton: modern three- atory brick building, with ;
modern Improvements and best location; only I
moons ible persons net-d apply. A. A., box ;
SJ3» Call office. j
: PKR CENT per month dividends: 32.0CO shared i
of oil stcck. or any part, for nale; dividends {
every month; oil sold under 5 years' contract; j
more wells to be drilled. Address box 4U7, j
Call oSice. j
FOR SALE — Saloon on main road, with five I
acres of land; near depot: a gcgid place, and j
will be sold cheap. Inquire of LOUIS j
SCHLOSS, C7 West t^anta Clara St., San Jose, i
Cal.
FOR sale— Restaurant end bar doing a fine
business; roust be sold this week to the high-
est bidder; family troubles cause cf sale. Ad-
dress box 44C6. Call office.
$00 — A BARGAIN; branch health food store; a
nic* little buglness for lady or gentleman; In
good location; rent cheap; call Monday morn-
ing. 16M Polk st.
HALF- INTEREST In patent novelty; about 1
1200 required; party must have some ability !
to do outside work. Apply J. BRANDT, 411 1
Battery st.
. , . ..... 1 . 1 , 1
CHICAGO Brokerage Co.. 2?3 So. E3d ave., Chi- j
ca*-o — Sells your business or farm for cash 1
¦wherever located: pet partner or sell your 1
patent. 1
OLD-nSTALISHED book and stationery store I
at a sacrifice en account of sickness: doing a j
flrFt-class business. Address box 49S4, Call I
office.
PARTNER tf anted In first-class hotel, res- i
taurar.t and dlnjng parlor; pmall capital r re- j
wulre<i. Address PETERS. 615 Larkin st.
SALOON and frrocery; location finest In city; ¦
low r<nt; good lease; oauw of selling, death 1
of proprietor. Box 44CS. Call offlce.
FOR goo<l Investment In <>!I lands and oil |
clock fill on A. LSarreau, 18 Montgomery st., |
room 2. ;
FOR sale— Wood and coal yard, with improve-
ment!"; long: lease. 1113 Folsom tt.
CIGAR stand: stationery: established S years:
bargain". ~3 Montgomery ave.
WANTED— Barber to buy rood paying shop '
at Wi'ilits. Mendocino County. Address J. 1
R. WALKER.
$500 — PARTNER In butter bunlnexn; clears $125
to ?17D to each; trial. Box 4953, Call ofrtce. ¦
GROCERS' complete outfit cheap (except
stock). 1!_ Green Ft.
SALOON — A bargain account of departure. Ap-
ply 141 Third st.. after 11 a. m.
FOR eale — A good blacksmith ar.d horseshoeing
shop, in good location; present owner wishes
to retire. Inquire at TAYLER & SPOTS-
WOOD'S. 1S3-139 Fremont St.
UARBETtS— 2 chair shop for sale cheap; owner
has other business. SHI Twenty-fourth st.
TO rent— For coal yard, milk depot, etc.; fine
location: place Is entirely covered; contains S
«ta.!l£; rent only $15; water fr*e. Inquire WH
HENDRICKSON & CO., 614 Call building.
FRUIT store, horse and wagon, 6 living rooms;
good location; selling cheap on account of
Eicknesa. Address box 4S£8, Call offlce.
ROUTE Tor rale on Chronicle. Box 4980, Call
©nice.
FOR sale— Klondyke Oyster House; money
maker; cause Elcknees. 12G Third St.. at 12 m.
PARTIES having capital to Invest, In large or
small amounts can secure a permanent Invest-
ment which will pay net dividends from 15 to
40 per cent annually; fullest Investigation;
cend for particulars. Address Fisheries, box
1111. Call office. *
FOR sale— $3500; an old-estab!!hh*><l horseshoe-
ing business, near city; Includes shop and
tool?: averages 20 horses dally: ftret-class
rrlc**: present own?' wishes to retire. Ad-
dr<r«i« box 4SI3. Call ofSce. for particulars.
OVFTER and taxnale grctto and finrf bar; estab.
13 year*. 613. cor. Twenty-fourth and Folsom.
COFFEE and tea -routes supplied from GEO.
W. OSWELL & CO.. 412 8acramento et.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 22M Flllmore st.
A nnAN'CH office for Call advertisements and
r\:"i • rriftlons has been established at 1086 Va-
l-ncl» #t. /
LODGING-HOUSES FOIt . SALE.
A— IC-ROOM house; rent $20 $100
9 rooms r.nd bath; on Turk st 275
14-room house; sure to clear $S0 COO
1J rooms; rent $40; fine for transient e'O I
S rootr.s; just finished; new furniture.... COO !
CO rooms; clears $17J; cheap rent 100O
15 rooms; Just like home: fine yard 1150
llj-room hotel: clear* $350; offer want«*d.
I SELL AND EXCHANGE REAL ESTATE.
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER?
II. C DECKER. 10:0 Market: phone Mint 796.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market St.. room 1.
8 rooms; N. Mkt.; rent $30: clean: resp.. J250
30 room*; rent $15; extra good; refined.... €00
15 rooms; A No. 1; clears $G0; piano 1200
13 rooms; central corner; fine: bonton.... 1100 1
SO rooms; always full; rent $C0: a snap.. 600 I
40 rooms; S bks N Mkt: low rent: tt cash. 2700
60 rooms. 1200. 2000. 2500 <all paying) 7000
LODGING houses from $150 to $5000; everybody
ctn be suited: send In your houses; buyers
_-• waltlas. EMERY & SMITH. 2 Eddy at.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
SPECIAL BARGAINS ...
14 rooms, corner, north of Market $550
20 rooms; $3C0 cash, bal. $10 monthly 1000
23 rooms, great sacrifice, sickness 1700
CS rooms; corner; rent $125; see It 2200
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market st.
A— 22-ROOM rooming-house; central... $1000
11-room house; $300 down; balance easy.. 600
20-room house; first class 10.">0
11-room bouse; $475; 6-room fiat 3-i
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st.
LODGING-HOUSE buyers, attention— Houses
at reduced prices; genuine bn.rp.ains; sizes and
location to suit; money loaned. SCHWEIN-
HARD & CO.. 917 Market St., between Fifth
nnd Sixth; phona 1911.
A SPECIAL INDUCEMENT. CALL ON
KREDO & DUTTON. 36 Geary st.
J70Q cash for 50 rooms; new; Installments.
$300 for 14 roo:ns; Geary; $35 profit.
$450 only for 14 rooms; Post; worth >30<V.
VVANTEP — Tenant for new 110-rocm hbuse. A.
M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market St.
CARRIAGES AND WAGON'S.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission St.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
SPONGES «nd chamois our specialty. AMER-
ICAN SPONGE CO.. 1J0 New Montgomery et.
CAMPAIGN rilOTO BUTTONS. &
MF'Y of all kinds of photo buttons and Jewelry;
wholesale and retail; send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. 933 Market St., S. h.
_______
LAST steamer mailing September 29, direct to
Care Nome from San Francisco. For pas-
page rates apply to C. F. MOORE, 935 Market
ft., room 6.
SrilUTUALISM.
ARRIVED— Mrs. Dr. Farnham. world-renowned
spiritual medium; advice in all affairs of lite,
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the sepa-
rated; mining a specialty; clrs. Sun.,Wed.,FrL
ev's: come and be convinced. (Permanently)
E1S Eddy 6t.. bet. Hyde and Larkin; no sign.
MRS. MAXWELL— Spiritual meeting to-night.
8; convincing test. 123S Howard; read, daily.
MATCHKTT holds circle to-night, 8 o'clock.
lCc; ttst to all; sittings daily,. EOc. 132 4th st.
M11S. LESTER— CIr. Sun.. Tues., Fri. eve.,
10c; readings daily. 100 Turk st.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 333 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sit. dally; convlnc'g tests to-night 10c.
MJli MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 132 Sixth gt.. room L
FROF. GEE. medium; test circle every night;
10c; read. II; ladies 50c. 148 6th, Brunswick.
MR& HOTTER 34 Sixth st.. circle to-day. 2 _
8 P. m.; 10c; sittings dally: P.. II; L.. 50o.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, lest, busi-
ness medium, life reader; sittings <1. 1104 Mkt.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ISMAR THE GYPSY.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the
uncurtained years ahead; happiness and euccesa
go hand In hand, yet hundreds fall where suc-
cess is possible were it not for a lack of fore-
Flght Into the future. If you are in trouble of
any kind, discontented, unhappy or not Fatls-
flpd in life, consult ISMAR, for she is a proph-
etess of world-wide fame, and her name ha»
become a proverb In thousands of homes made
happy by her aid and advice. ISMAR can be
consulted daily from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. at h*r
ottlce. 1HS Market St.. opposite Sixth. Full life
reading by mail. $5.
MME. LANGE, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future: never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
f<»e 2">c and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays. 1167 Market St., bet. 7th and 8th.
MME. rORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double v cll & second sight,
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladles 50cj
Kents $1; palm. & clalr. Bit. Jl 50. 128 Turk st.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant anj
lialmist, permanently located 114S Market, opp.
6th; private readings daily 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. BKRXARD reads life fluently; advice
{riven in all affairs In life; satisfaction guar-
anteed; 25c ill.. 17 Third St., next Examiner.
CLAIRVOYANT, trance, business medium; card
reader, 2Cc up. 823 Mission St., nr. 4th; no sign.
U— 32. RUTH, great prophetic card reader:
50c. 70S Ellis ft., near Larkin.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth: German spoken.
IIHS. K. M. DDVALL, clairvoyant and healer,
diagnoses diseases. 425 Golden Gate | ave.
MME. VALEEN. clairvoyant.palmist; card read-
er: real Egyptian charms. 215 Leavenworth.
MME. HANSON, iialmlstry, card reader; past,
present, future, 25c. 14S Sixth St., room 14.
MME. LENEMAR— Fortunes by planets; pre-
dicted overdue stmr Gold wreck. 310 Mason st.
MME. ZEHEDA, the gypsy, is the great palm-
ist and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh; no sign.
A GYPSY, genuine clairvoyant, located 10 daya
942 Mission; ladies. 25c; gents. SOe. Frawley.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 2T>c. 1149 Mission.
MME. SCH.AFFER. clairvoyant, card reader.
Elttir.gK daily. 2124 Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given: 23c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN vou become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet- Beat-
ing Works, 3:.3-337 Tehama bL; tel. South 40.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson st. ; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beatlngr and Reno-
vatinK Co., 240 Fourteenth st. : tel. Mission 74.
CITY r.team Carpet-Beating Works, G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 38-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st. ; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CON'KLIN'S Carpet-Beatlnjr Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS. Ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure,
painless: consulfn free. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No Charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market Et.
COTTAGES TO LET. *'
A— 5 SUNNY rooms, chicken-house, barn;
cheap. E21 Thirtieth Bt., near Noe. .
A— COTTAGE, B rooms and yard; $15. 621
Gough 8t. • .
.COTTAGE of i rooms, $6. Apply 818 Capp
street.
3 ROOMS. $S; 840 Sunnyslde ave.; or —ill sell;
$> r <0 cash; balance $10 per month. THE MC-
CARTHY CO.. 646 Market Bt.
to. — HOUSE of 4 rooms; worth $12 In city; near
Holly Park: water froe. 64 811ver St.. qff 3d.
$8— COTTAGE, 4 rooms, yard; respectable loca-
tion. 1705 Turk St., near Scott.
tt— COTTAGE, 3 rooms; 4068 Twenty-sixth St.,
near Noe: lot ESxll4.
COTTAGE FOR SALE.
COTTAGE of four rooms and bath in Mission
district; price $1650; no agents. Apply RAJJ-
LIN. Fourth and Kentucky stn.
DENTISTS.
AT tbe ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st.. cor. 4th. . rm. 7. Flood bide., you can
have your extractions dona painlessly; teeth
without -plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to J
p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
A— DR. V. CAVALSKY has returned from
th« Paris Exposition with nome of the finest
patents for painless dentistry, plates, teeth
without a plate, crown and bridge work; all
work warranted; plates, full set. $5; fillings,
SOc; crown. $3 50. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 6th.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
PH. CEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
CROWN and bridge work experts; our work is
unexcelled, our prices lire the lowest; call and
see our samples and get our prices before go-
ing elsewhere: best of references: examination
fn?f!. "Main ofuce" New York Dental Parlor.i.
1010 Market St.. bet. r.tli and 7th; elevator.
TEETH extracted free; plates, $5; crowns, $3 50;
brldee work, $5; all' the latest methods for
1'ainless- dentistry; hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m."
Modern Dental Parlors. 1206 Market, cor. O. O.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates aro
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting. E0c;-gaa given.
LOWEST prices In 8. F. ; painless extraction.
f.0c. New York Dentists. 963 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4: crowns. $3: fillings. 25o.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
qays. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate, DR. H. • O.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk ets
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Post, Fillmore—
Advice and medicine. 75c; city visits, $1 50: all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DR. Creely's C. P. manse cure and worm pills
by druggists or at hospital, 513 Golden Oate av.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery School;
private class; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring and Mil-
linery School; French system. 411 Van Ne99.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
lng. pinking. 121 Poit, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
ATRES' Business College, 723 Market st.; day
and evening; Individual instruction. $8 per
month; life scholarship, $50; bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc; Just added 25 new
typewriters; commercial department enlarged
and Is the best In S. F. : catalogue fres.
AYRES' Business College night school opens
October 1. 723 Market st.
HEALD'S' Business College, 24 Post st. S. F,—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.; new 80-page catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping; full course. $50; catalogue.
NIGHT School for Men at the Y. iU C A.
building. Mason and Ellis sts.} registration.
Sept. 10-24; studies elementary and advanced:
great opportunity for young men to gain a
practical business education.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. RAN FKANCISCO BUSl-
NESS COLLEGE. 12S6 Market st.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial; private lessons; 8
mos. In college not equal to 8 wks. with me;
$25: TARR. expert accnt.. 429 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day, eve.: e«t. 1S64.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL, ?33 Market.
CARLOS N. KELLER, tenor soloist: voice cul-
ture and piano. 324 Golden Gate ave.
CALIFORNIA Business College is again en-
larglng quarters. Come gee us, 305 Larkln st.
MUNSON School Shorthand. Typing. Bookkeep-
lr.g. Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory In
Letpslc; lessons 75e. 320 Golden Gate avo.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
LK JEUNE Art and Craft School; modeling,
designing, carving, all branches. 424 Pine st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post at., near Powell: telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE Housecleaning Co.— Walters, cooks,
dishwashers. Est. 1830. 1026 Oak; tel. Page 547.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese. Chi-
nc?o help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter; tel.Black 50*2.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
beat help furn.; tel. John 2121. 806^ Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
B^at help. 411H O'FarrPll St.: tql. East 42S.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
REFINED lady would like situation as work-
ing housekeeper in widower's family. Ad-
drer« box 4391, Call office.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker wishes sewing in
famllle3; $1 SO a day. 1211 Mission Bt.
NEAT Irish Protestant as nurse to a child,
plain sewing or light second work; experi-
enced; reference; no office. Box 43S9, Call.
A HIGHLY educated and refined young lady
would like to act as governess to child In
first-clai>s family; thorough knowledge of
music and Spanish; references. ' Box 4351, Call.
COMPETENT young woman desires position of
trust ab housekeeper In hotel or lodging-
house. MISS COURTNEY, 230 Powell 6t.
AN elderly woman wishes a situation as house-
keeper for motherless children; don't apply
unless you have little ones, light housework
or nurse the sick; good references. 841A
Howard Et.
POSITION as working housekeeper by woman
with little girl of 10; country preferred. Box
49SS. Call office.
RELIABLE woman wants any kind of light
work by the day or half day; sleep home.
Address 715A Post St. •
GERMAN lady wants situation for second work
or to assist where there are children; Is good
seamstress. Address 40 Twelfth St.
GERMAN' lady wishes situation as house-
keeper. Call or address 2143 Mission st., near
Eighteenth.
LAUNDRESS wants work out by day. 743 Fol-
eom Et.
AMERICAN girl would like to do second work.
Box 8. 2200 Fillmore. et.
SEAMSTRESS wishes to go In family to sew;
75c per day. 14 Capp St., near Sixteenth.
DRESSMAKER from the East: first-class cut-
ter and fitter: go out by the day; tailor-made
EUlts a specialty. 1532 Polk Et.
WANTED— A thoroughly competent and re-
spectable young woman wants a position as
housekeeper. Box 2023, Call office, Oakland.
GERMAN girl wants situation for general
housework or upstairs. Pleace call at 13
Lucky ave. bet. 24th and 25th, Folsom Et. and
Treat ave.
RELIABLE German lady desires situation as
saleslady in confectionery or as nurse or up-
ptalis work; city or country. Address 821 Fil-
bert Bt.
AN elderly woman and daughter would like
some olflce cleaning or house cleaning: plain
washing or any kind of work. Box 3751. Call.
REFINED young lady would like position as
companion or second work; San Rafael or
city. Miss Meyer, 3211 Idaho 8t, S. Berkeley.
A FRENCH maid wants a situation: la a first-
class seamstress; best of references; city or
country. Address box 3764, Call office.
A— WOMAN would like plain sewing to do at
home. C25 Pine at., room 60, first floor.
WOMAN with one child, desires situation as
housekeeper in city; no triflers. Box 4937, Call.
A FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook wishes posl-
tlon with American family; wages $25; best
of city reference. 1S12 Polk st. T~
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; £00 rooms; 25o to $1 50 night, $1 50 to $8
wt-ek: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia St.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
STEADY young man understands care of horses
desires position as coachman or gardener;
understands milking cows; city or country;
refs. Thomas, Ahlborn House, S21 Grant ave.
YOUNG man is anxious to hear of a position
to assist as bartender or anything In grocery
store; flrat-clasa reference. Box 4944. Call.
STUDENT, age 24, wants to work port of each
day or week for board and room. 119 Third
Et., room 331.
WANTED— A position as Janitor by a young
man who Is honest, sober and industrious; 3
years In present place. Address J. H., room
10, Letltia building, San Jose, Cal.
STEADY man; 16 years' experience in orchard
and vineyard wk. ; understands handling green
and dried fruit, budding, grafting, pruning,
•to.; used to handling- men: lvnM like man-
agement of large ranch; ref. Boa: 4932, Call.
A YOUNG man, age 24, who resides with his
parents, desires a position as collector or
assistant In office work; best of reference.
Box 4990, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS florist gardener wants situation
in private family or nursery; references.
Box 37C9. Call office.
LAUNDRYMAN, flrat-class, wants position as
head laundryman In hotel or Institution; city
or country. Add. Laundry, box 3777, Call.
MAN wishes position to care for horses; work
around prtvate place; references. WM.' BAR.
RETT. 217 Third »t. ¦
A YOUNG man taking an advanced coursa In
bookkeeping would like employment evenings;
no Sunday work nor saloons. Address box
445C. Call office. - ¦ ¦
YOUNO man of good habits desire* position
as valet or care of invalid; best city ref er-
ences. Box 4457, Call office.
WANTED— A position to take care of garden,
horses and anything In general: (rood driver
or take care of an Invalid. Hox 4432. Call.
MAN and wife wish work: city or country; re-
llable. Box 4453. Call office.
MAN 40 years of age. single, will take charge
of residence: 10 years last place; best reTer-
ences; bonds If required. Box 44G9, Call office.
JEWELRY salesman, young ' man from the
East with 7 years' experience, wants posi-
tion; wholesale house preferred. Box 4*70. Call.
RELIABLE man, aged 28, v wanta position In
private place; understands care of horses;
good driver: can milk and bo. generally use-
ful. Box 8763. Call office, .'...<,
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
COOK, good all-round, sober, eteady and re-
liable, wishes a steady situation. Address
W. A. JONES, Frultvale P. O.. Alameda Co.
CAKEBAKER. ornamenter. also on homemade
bread, wants position. Box 2024. Call office.
GOOD plain cook (German), sober and steady,
wants situation; city or country. Box 4465,
Call office.
YOUNG man well educated in English and
German desires position; understands the
drug trade; also photographic chemistry;
¦well acquainted In the Orient and ! Eastern
States; best of references and security given.
J. SHILLING. 15S1 Valencia Bt.
CARPENTER, all round, can make and work
from plans, wishes work with land or build-
ing company; might take lot in part wages;
city or country. Box 4942. Call office.
POSITION wanted, ranch foreman; 15 years'
experience; can furnish pood references. Ad-
dress box 4341. Call office.
WANTED— By a willing, sober man with refer-
ences, a situation about private place; horse,
cow and lawn. Address Willing, 173 Eighth.
FIRST-CLASS oyster man wants position In
lares hotel or restaurant. Address box 4336.
Call office.
MAN and wife, colored, head and second cooks,
first-class, want positions. R. MURRAY. 100S
Clay st.
YOUNG man from East, understands shorthand
and typewriting, wishes position here; any-
thlng.for a start." Box 3761, Call office.
YOUNG man from the East, a rood carpenter,
will work cheap for start here. GEO. F.
JOHNSTON. Ahlborn House. 323 Grant ave.
FRENCH cook wants a situation In hotel; city
or country. D. L., 275 Stevenson st.
WANTED— Situation as second or short order
cook. Address box 37€2. Call office.
RELIABLE man (German) desires position In
wholesale house or drive delivery wagon; best
city References; Flxteen years last place of
employment. Address A. E.^ box 3729, Call.
ELDERLY gentleman seeks employment; book-
keeping, caretaking, correspondence, nlrht
clerk, tending office or store. Box 184S, Call
office.
YOUNG man wishes position as barkeeper In
saloon or hotel; can epeak German, French
and Spanish. Address 940 Howard st.
EXPERIENCED flrst-claas gardener-, SO years'
practice, seeks position In hotel, private place
or big orchard. Address A. W., 431 Pine et.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class German
gardener; can take care of horses and" car-
riage. Address Gardener, box S361. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS elevator man wants position;
references. Box 3755, Call.
BAKER— Bread and cakebaker wants position;
day work desired. 313 Leavenworth at.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200' Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencla Bt
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES' examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manasse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FINANCIAL.
IF you have stocks or bonds of 'any kind for
sale, call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
DERTVRITIN'C, CO.. 504 Parrott building.
FLATS TO LET. ,
100 FLATS, HOUSES AND COTTAGES.
817 Eddy; f. 8 r $60 31«4 C Farrell ; h.4r.$10
1239L'v'w'th; f.9r. 37 50 4222 26th; c. 6 r 11
1207% Devlsadero; 6 r 25I&0A Jessie; f. 3 r.... 9
1636 Page; f . 3 r lsl2.'O Tehama; f. 6 r... 10
Flats wanted. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Mar-
ket Kt.
HARRISON, 665— Upper. 4 sunny rooms and
bath: no children. *
IF you want to move ret printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN &HOWELL.10 Montgomery.
PRETTILY furnished fiat of 5 rooms and bath-
room; rent $35; near 3 car lines. 1906 Stelner
St., near Bush.
SINGLE lady wants small family to take part
of unfurnished fiat; no children. 4053 19th st.
SUNNY desirable flats— Oak and Lasuna sts. ;
7, 8 and 9 rooms: rent reasonable. Apply
MADISON & BURKE.
SUNNY bay-window fiat; six rooms and bath,
3207 Twenty-first St., corner Valencia.
TO LET— New flat. 4 rooms, bath and laundry.
343 Liberty st.
UPPER flat, 4 rooms, with lars;e yard, stable,
wagon shed. ¦* Hayward Et., nr. Eighth.
UPPER flat of 5 large sunny rooms, basement,
yard and chicken-house. 62 Boyce st.
UPPER flat; 5 large rooms and bath; yard. 170
Germania ave., near Fillmore st.
UPPER sunny flat, 6 rooms and bath; largo
yard. Apply 2S06 Howard st.
Jll— 5 ROOMS and bath. 83 Norfolk 8t.
$15—8 ROOMS and bath; newly papered. 22 De
Boom St.. off Second, near Brannan.
$9 60 — UPPER sunny flat, 4 rooms, yard, cellar;
water free. 1008 Natoma St., near Eleventh.
FLATj TO LET FURNISHED.
NICELY furnished flat to rent; also house-
keeping rooms. 17S1 HaJght st., near Golden
Gate Park.
FURNISHED flat of 4 rooms and bath; fine
porch; $15; no children. 913 Capp st.
FURXITIIRE Fon SALE ' a
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURXITUttB WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1133 Market st. ; tel. Jessie 761.
ALWAYS 'phone John 1041 before selling your
furniture. Standard Furn. Co., 745 Mission.
Auoilone<»r— L. Vincent, U305 Larkin;tel. Polk 634;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
$5000 worth of furniture, carpets, etc., wanted.
M. Sllverstein, 1121 Market; tel. Folsom 1105.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.), buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 33.'»3.
HELP WANTED-FEHALG,
"C. R. HANSEN & CO Phono Grant 185"
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, north. $20; 4 waitresses, south.
$20 and $25; 8 waitresses, city. $20: 4 lunch
waitresses. $3 oO. 1)0 Sunday work; 3 lunch and
dinner waitresses, $20; 2 waitresses. $6; 4
chambermaids, to wait, $20; chambermaid,
$17 50; cook, $30; plain lroner. $22 50; fancy
lroner, $30.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Colored housekeeper for widower: country
housekeeper for widower and 2 children, $20,
see party here; working housekeeper for small
American family, city, $20; waitress and par-
lor maid, $20; 2 house girls to go south, $20
and $25; mother and daughter; 50 house girls,
second girl, nurse girls. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
TWO first-class house girls to go together to
the south; $25 and $30; see party here Mon-
day at 10 a. m. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Qeary st.
WANTED— 4 waitresses for coffee parlor and
confectionery. $3 60 week; 5 restaurant wait-
resses, $8 and $7 a week. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— 3 cooks, no wash. $30 and $35; cook.
$.25. and waitress. $20, same place, small ho-
tel, faro paid; 2 hotel waitresses, $20, coun-
try hote.1. fare paid; woman with a child, $20;
4 narlor maids and waitresses. $25; S second
girls, $20 and $25. city and short- distance;
Invalid's rrtrse, $20 and $1 day; housegirls,
Palo Alto. $25; Santa Rosa $25; San Jose.
$25; Los Gatos, $23: Colusa, $25; Contra Costa,
$25: Fresno, $25; Alameda. $25; Berkeley. $25:
Los Banos. $25: San Mateo, $25. J. F. CROS-
5 ETT & CO.. 216 Sutter St.
AT the Woman's Educational and Industrial
Union. 7 Van Ness ave.— English. French.
German, Spanish, halrdresslng. manicuring,
dressmaking, violin, mandolin, guitar and
painting taught for $1 &0 month; singing and
cooking taught for $1 per month; female help
supplied.
AA— EX PERIENCED operators on Singer chain-
stitch machine; electric power; also learners;
steady work guaranteed. Pacific Neckwear
Mfg. Co.. 16 Sutter st.
AA— EXPERIENCED hands to finish and neat
girls to learn; men's silk neckwear; steady
work guaranteed. Pacific Neckwear Mfg. Co..
16 Sutter st.
WANTED— Saleslady experienced In crockery
business; give references. Box 3772. Call.
STRONG, active girls to learn fancy Ironing;
$1 per day and up. St. Nicholas Laundry,
Seventeenth and Folsom sts.
GIRL to assist housekeeping; $10 per month.
DANIELS. 303 Post St.
WANTED — A woman cook in restaurant at
7S5 Market El _^
GIRL to*assist in general housework; small
family. 1510 Pine st.
FOR Alameda; girl for light housework: small
family; good home; wages $8 to $10. Address
box 48S4, Call offlec.
GIRL for general housework; must sleep home
3437 Twentieth St.. near Capp.
WANTED— .Assistant dressmaker and aji an-
prentice girl. MRS. MURPHY. 9SS Harrison.
woman log liglht~ housework.
HELP WAXTED-FEMALE.
OPERATORS on waists and wrappers. NEW-
BAUER BROS.. 13 First st.
EXPERIENCED paster on congress shoes;
steady work. CAHN, NICKELSBURG & CO..
115-117 Hayes st.
APPRENTICE wanted; also millinery taught;
terms reasonable. MISS M. HUNT. 229 Pow-
ell st.: millinery parlors upstairs.
GIRL or woman for light housework, $15. 2427
Sutter St.. near Broderlck.
WANTED— By a wholesale house, a mlddle-
aged. responsible woman to travel: permanent
position for right party. Box 4460. Call office.
GIRL to mind baby day times. Call Monday
after 9 at SCO Baker st.
HOUSEKEEPER wanted; good home for rtght
party. 836 Sanchez St.. near Twenty-third.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress, also an apprentice
wanted; call Tuesday morning. J. ASHER,
455VJ Mission St.
WANTED— Experienced saleslady for bags and
valises. In large retail department; state ex-
perience, reference, salary. Apply box 4450,
¦Call office.
WANTED— Experienced saleslady for doll de-
partment in large retail store; state experi-
ence, reference, salary. Apply box 4451. Call.
BRIGHT young girl for hair store. Apply 150S
Polk et.
GIRL to assist In general housework; wages
$8 to $10. ZOUH Fillmore st.
SKIRT hands on stock work. Call Monday,
C41 Jessie st.
VEST operator; buttonhole maker: also ap-
prentlces; steady work. II. HILP. 106 Battery.
GIRL for general housework and assist car*
" 2 children; $15. 711 Leavenworth st.
WANTED— A German or Scandinavian girl for
cooking; $25; S In family. 1512 Van Ness ave.
VISIT the McDowell Dressmaking and Millin-
ery School and be convinced that It Is the
best school on the coast; leading system;
thorough, practical course; sewing-room open
to all; reception day. Friday. 1-5 p. m. ; pri-
vate class; patterns cut. 10U Market st. >
A LADY of indomitable energy possessed of.
self -assertion; good opportunity to tight party.
F. PERSON, room 412 Parrott building.
IRONERS.
First-class lroners, also girls to Jearn Iron- I
ing. and machine operators wanted Imme-
diately at La Grande Laundry, 228 Twelfth
St.; good wages, short hours.
WANTED— Good German cook; none other need
apply; good situation; good wages. Inquire
evenings at 1S15 California st., between
Franklin and Gough.
A YOUNG girl to assist with light housework;
wageo J10 to $12. Apply 339 Twelfth st.
WANTED— A girl for housework In a small
family. 1606 Grove st.
GIRL wanted to assist In housework and take
cars of baby. 1632 McAllister st.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on toma-
toes, canning and preparing; highest wages
paid; steady work; prizes for quick work.
Apply Immediately to U. S. FRUIT PACK-
ING CO.. Harrison ave.. between Seventh ana
Eighth sts.. off Folsom.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
BH1RT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
GIRLS to rivet overalls, also sewing machine
operators, at Levl Strauss & Co.'s factory.
32V. Fremont St.; no experience' necessary;
good wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
FIRST-CLASS skirt makers on ladles' tailor
suits; steady work. A. CAILLEAU, 114
Kearny st. :
GIRL wanted to assist In housework and take
care of baby. 1622 McAllister st.
GIRL to assist In housework. 410 Clayton St..
near Oak.
YOUNG' woman to do general housework and
cooking; family of 4. S00 Guerrero, bet. 1 & 3.
WANTED— Girl help housework, care 2 chil-
dren: $10 month. 220 27th St.. nr. Guerrero.
GIRLS wanted at United States Laundry, Six-
teenth tt., near Valencia.
IRONERS wanted at United States Laundry,
Sixteenth st., near Valencia.
EXPERIENCED operators on electric power
sewing machines on shirts at GREENE-
BAUM. WEIL & MICHELS. 531 Mission st.
GIRLS wanted at Comstock Dance Hall, 613
Pacific st.. corner Montgomery ave.
APPRENTICES on coats, pants and vests,
paid while learning. 541 Market st.
GIRLS with experience. Book bindery. I3t
Clay st. •
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom St.. between 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. gOO Fillmore st.
HELP WA^XTE^ULE.^^^
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary at.
.."Wanted for new railroad work, free fare...
A car load of teamsters and laborers for
State of Nevada $2 a day
£0 tunnelmen for big tunnel, Chatsworth
Park, Los Angeles County — $2 to $2 50 « day
200 laborers for the S. P. Co.'s own camps on
different divisions
60 laborers for ballasting gang for S. P. Co.
at Truckee
50 laborers on rock crusher for S. P. Co. at
Truckee
Fee $1 ShlB Dally Free fare
50 laborers to build a large dam. long Job.
$2 50 a day. see boss here Monday
50 laborers to build canal, $2 25 a day, fare
advanced ;
P0 laborers to build reservoir and water
works. Napa County, $2 a day „.
10 laborers for Nar>a County $3 a day
4 carpenters to build flume $3 a day
....Board $4 a week, fare paid both ways....
10 men to break horses to saddle. $45 and
found: 10 sawmill laborers. $28 and found: 4
Ingersoll drillers. $3 a day: butter maker. $30.
see party here: driver, milk wajron. $35
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head cook, $123; necond cook. $75; night cook.
$65. for first-class restaurant north: heaa
cook. $65: second cook. $40; night cook. $40.
country restaurant: broiler, $65; second cook,
country hotel, $45: sausage maker and slaugh-
terer, country, $40; 2 upstairs porters, hotel, :
$20: six bell boys, $10. $12 and $15. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A— ERRAND boy who knows the city for our
office. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
A— CHIEF correspondent for wholesale house;
must be bright. Quick, energetic young busi-
ness man; $125 to start, with increase. Apply
In person to C. R. HANSEN of C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED — Experienced driver for parcel deliv-
ery watron; must be familiar with work and
thoroughly acquainted with city; give refer-
ences, experience and wages expected. Box
3770. Call office.
SALESMEN wanted to travel with up to date
advertising novelties; liberal commissions;
large assortment: write for particulars. Buf-
falo D. and M., 901 Mutual Life bid*., Buffalo.
BOY wanted, about 18 years of age; must live
with parents and come well recommended:
steady position to right kind of bor: state
where last employed. Ad. Box 3773, Call.
BROOM maker wanted; a man who understands
tying, sewing and sorting; good Job to right
" man. Apply Red Bluff Broom Factory. Red
Bluff. Cal. '
WANTED— Youn* man to run press In print-
ing office; must have experience. Box S76S,
WANTED— Experienced retatl salesman who
has been In the grocery business. Box 3771
Call office.
MESSENGER boy; apply In own hat .writing-
stcte age and give references. P. O. box 2043.
TWO feeders on printing Job presses. IS Tre-
rnont st.
WANTED— Bright Intelligent office boy rive
?£-• ?t f » rei i- es and "Perience. « any. Box
WANTED— Good cabinet maker and carpenter;
eteady Job. Address box 1847. Call offlco.
EARN $3000 a year; liberal salary to beein
"o'x h U"Mrn a nV.^l.s? n a S^n reqUlr ' d -
WANTED-Bxperlenced veterinary to ro on
E^l^^-r^vrr 0^i ares;
to 50c. 662 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts
MAN who • understands chicken ranch wort-
pay $is. Address box 4444. Call office/ *
WANTED— All-round tailors and coatmaker^-
"/rSo^. r«c C e' eMl0Ur^
rt. trade ' FINK & SCHIXDLE R.
WANTED-Experteneed bookkeeper for whole
sale house. Address box 4481. Call office
cheap: * ot °*
J to E r S »r» n !f d> Apply 8t *"n«r Alesia. sec
__ HELP WASTED MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY.... PHOXK MAIN W43
Leading: Employment and Labor Agents.
want 7 a. m. Monday /
PREE..WE.. SHIP... EVERYBODY... FKEQ",
To All Paita of California. Utah. Nevada.
NLMBER. WANTED AT WAGES.
Ijj-Nevada. Truckee. Lake View ..$U and fd
I6-L09 Angeles. Santa Barbara I- day
,;*- R * ddlni? ' Shasta. Fresno fl 90 day
"*-Surf. Soda Springs. Salt Lake 13 day
i?i~2 txon - EI "i'ra and Bakersfleld...U 70 day
1( *r*Lor IS different divisions J2 day
FREE FARE... .OFFICE FEE ONLY $1.
' MURKAT & READY.
_____^^^ C4-636 Clay »t.
. v.-..^ CLASSES OP HELP
~^}^ Kn ' WANTED. WAGES.
»-Laborers to help carpenters, you'll
-_"J* lt 1 **<> an 4 found
J— Blacksmiths . $45 anS found
7— sash and door makers, shingle Jolnt-
* rs . crosscut sawyers J2 50 to S3 day
IS-La borers to work u mines »43 and fd
uZSi?!^ • 1 »«»e-h«nd work «*>
ltZ^nf- * orchard - vineyard hands..** and fd
tliri^™ and butter-makers *» and f*
6— Fanners and wives, furnace man
., ~ •• $40 and found
i_I T « eanssters - wad work..... J32 and fd
itZSrV rtde hor8M H3 and fd
lt—ri^L en " clty and country.. J35 and fd
iits for HumboI dt Cour.ty....»2S and fd
!9lr^?i P * r t t am ? ters - -I Parts... $33 and fd
«CTt i. "• b " ck9 «ters. etc $2 50 day
M *~** b ° rer » and teamsters for all parts of
California. «ome in clty..H 75 to B M day
4-Boatmen. beer luggers, stsse masons.
19— Tailors, firemen, men 'for '"w'ni "cellars.
bakers' and coal wagons, et~
««_ VV K to J2 50 day
Z37— Jobs not advertised, come s»e 13 SO day
_. „ FRUIT AND GRAPE PICKINO.
191— Men or boys to pick fruit, work ta
¦ packing-houses, etc.. you'll »u!t
"""sAWMiLLS.'"\v'66bs.' etc 3 * found
M— Laborers to work In woods mills
yards, wharves. 15 different jobs free
. • J30 to J40 and found
I— Ironmolders $j 50 day
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay it.
A— HOTEL BAKERY BiyTCIIilRS
LAUNDRY DEPARTMENT
Second cook, mines, $40 and found, fare paid
M cooks $;0. $60, $40. $30 and found
19 waiters $35. $30. $25. $20 and found
SJ dlshwaabem $30, $25. 120, $15 and found
12 takers' assistants.... J40, jr.. ».:¦> and found
12 laundrymen $40, $35, $30, $."0 and found
Butcher for Institution
Candy makers: porter help for Institution
« butchers J3C. V>0 and J60
MURRAY — READY. 634-63S Clay ¦«.
A-SPECIAL
Bhtcksmlth for Arizona. $3 50 day, faro paid,
see boss here
Riveter steel brlico sang. $3 ~ day. frea fare;
2 firemen, factory $34
Coachman. $50; farmer; 4 men to run Inger-
soll drills. $30; 2 stone masons, $4 day; 2
stenographers and typewriters, $30 and $43
mid found: sailor for launch. MURRAY &
READY. C4-636 Clay St. ¦
WANTED— Assistant bookkeeper for wholesala
house. Address boa 4482. Call office.
INTELLIGENT man to canvass and collect:
salary and commission. Call on J. REIN-
DERS. Monday, between 8-9 or 5-4. rooms 17-
13. Donohoe building.
WANTED — Young man who understands how
to mend dolls; stats experience, reference, sal-
aray. Apply box 4449. Call office.
OPERATOR on ladles' fine tailor suits; an-
swer by letter. Box 4456. Call office.
WANTED— Shoe cutters, fitter and bottomers.
Wentworth-Swltzer Shoe Co., 113 Pine st.
ALL slses men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
price, icz Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— First-class barber with tools, 4
a. ro. L. H. 11 ASSES. 777 Market st.
DISHWASHER wanted at LOWE'S Restau-
rant. £67 Sixth Bt. ; call early.
WANTED— Boy used to help carriage black-
smlth. fl€3 Golden Gate ave. _____
NIGHT cook at 1301 Fillmore at., corner Turk.
WANTED— Elevator boy. 17 years old. Apply
HOLM - NATHAN. 512 Market 8t.
WANTED— Boy to work in an upholstery ahop.
23X Fillmore at. *
BARBERS— 2-chalr shop for sale; dolnc rood
business; going East Inquire corner Green-
wich and Lyon sts., Pr<*sidlo.
WANTED— Blacksmith's helper at 107 Oregon
St., near FTont. E. TAUCK & CO. •
CATHOLIC man for grocery an.l bar; refer-
ences; experience; $20 and found. Box 44t>7.
Call office.
WANTED — Salesman for Jewelry store; must
¦work evenings; state salary and references.
Box 40S3. Call office.
DISHWASHER wanted. Jefferson Hotel. Har-
bor View.
WANTED— Walter at 221 Grant ave.
WANTED— For XT. S. army, able-bodied, un-
married men between asr»* of 21 and 33. citi-
zens of United States, of good character did
temperate habits, who can speak, read and
write English; recruits are specially desired
for service in Philippines. For information
apply to Recruiting Officer, 121 New Mont-
gomery St.. San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— Man. upright character, to manage
business of old-established house; salary $13
per week & expenses, payable weekly, direct
from headquarters; expense money advanced:
position permanent: reference. Standard
House, JC1 Caxton building. Chicago.
A . GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and
push; good opportunity to right man. F.
PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
$12 PER week; salary A expenses; men and
women to represent ua appointing agents;
rapid promotion and Increase: brilliant lines.
BUTLER & ALQER. New Haven. Conn.
CAPABLE man to travel & appoint agents;
$1000 yearly salary: permanent; promotion.
Supt., Co-oprativ* Co., IC6 Dearborn it., Chi-
cago. :
WANTED— A first-class sticker hand; also
good planer man. Apply COMMERCIAL.
PLANING MILLS. Third and King sts.
WANTED— Shoemaker for work or buy th«
¦hop. £35 Commercial st.
SHOEMAKER wanted on repairs; steady work.
2140 Fillmore st.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms. 15c to 25c night; 75c to $2 per week.
BARBER for evening*: also one for Saturday
and Sunday. Ell Castro st.
WANTED— A good barber; steady place. 47*
Ninth St.. Oakland.
OFFICE boy, under IS; advancement. Box 4033.
Call office.
BOY to assist In store and run errand's. 633 Va-
lencia st.
WANTED — A boy to learn the locksznlthing
trade. Call at 4C5 Drumxn st.
WANTED— Good cabinet maker and carpenter;
steady Job. Box 1347. Call office.
DRIVER for milk wagon at 818 Treat ave.:
German or Scandinavian preferred.
WANTED— 10O men to take rooms. 10c, 15c and
20c. Boston House, 933 Howard st.
ACTIVE hustlers everywhere to take orders for
"Story of the Galveston Horror"; over SCO
pages; elaborately Illustrated from actual
photographs; agents coining money; illus-
trated circular and outfit free; act quick.
Address GLOBE BIBLE PUBLISHINO CO
123 Chestnut St.. Philadelphia. Pa.
BARBER shop for sale; running three chairs;
receipts $<15 weekly; cheap rent: will sell tot
value of furniture; account of sickness. Ad-
dress Barber, box 87C0. Call office.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st; 130 largo
rooms; 2Sc per night; $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— A washer for plain work. Apply
Mercantile Towel Co.. 251 Jessie, nr. Fourth.
BOYS with experience at underpresslns on
pants and vests. 841 Market st.
WANTED-A man that understands florist and
nursery business. 500 Halgbt st.
BOYS wanted. SAN FRANCISCO AND PA-
CIFIC GLASS WORKS. 7th and Townsend.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands-
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart.
LABORERS and drillers wanted at K7 Four.
teenth st., near Guerrero. -¦•.„ .:•:
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corp*. U. S. Navy: a bl*- bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the ages
Of 21 and J5 years; not less than 5 feet 4
Inches and not over 8 feet I Inch In height:
must b« citizens of the Unltedy States or per-
sons who have legally declare*! their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, writ*
and speak English properly. For further in-
formation apply at the Marine Rerruitln* Of-
fice. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal.. 530 K st..
Sacramento. CaL. or 10i.8 J st.. Fresno. Cal.
I STICKKR. matcher and planer hands wanted
In San Francisco manufacturing establish-
ment; stetdy employment all year round to
suitable men: wages $3 to $3 50 per day. Box
43«9. Call office.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade: only -i c rit
weeks required: positions guaranteed: special
Inducements; catalojun and man of city free.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
I NEW goods; Quick sales: salary or commis-
sion; ctty or country. THE J. DEWING CO.
Flood building.
M £ N Jl? d wotnen to learn barber traJ>. A F.
BARBER COLLEGE. ?41A Howard st.
PENSIONS-GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer.fi
years' practice; Examiner buiMiagr
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 2oc night; reading-room; (re*
'Mia and >»°»<>ar« ta «"4 Inn th« Imttv. .THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1900.
29
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
4 HORSES tor sale: also wagons, bug-glee,
'•«"». harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
C7 Sixth *t.; auction sales every Wednesday
_i_ ' LI - IV >* * DQTLE. Auctioneers y '
i:aT"TIF1:L tr»n white, Panama pWoinir
: me*; run be se,n at Nevada stables except
- A__ end 2 v - *"•• *'""* driving in Park.
3C ~ H «£?,-oI <Jr1vln * •*« working horses at
TOUKEffSOVS f-taMes, C7 Minna et.. bet.
¦;-. Ffrtt and Second ste.
A _ r ? <^lt^C__ l1 * mar *' : *** 7 T**™. from coun-
V^ N 3? n 7 C)i '' a:> hor »«- Putcber shop. 4S6
.'.•ir.*r. St.
*rS5**5 ST and Ix-st In America— The Weekly
i- <V - l6 - I>as ' 5 - 6<?nt <o «ny ad<lre«s in the
I Ti.tod gtrj.es rr Canada one year for II.
HOME1 TO IBT.
A-PRINTTD LTSTl^uTeTtoTeTTsPna^r^
--'Ji 1 *- G ' H - i-'MBSEX _*_CO.. II Montgomery.
UOUSK of f *un-7 rooms and hath: latest 1m-
proved y_nl:jr-nt^$2g. 1717 La«un* nt.
1"$ ALABAMA— House of % rooms and : lots;
rent tu. large basement. Key at CEO.
IOANS. Tw«rty-e|gnth and Alabama rt*.
- - ._._.._ ...*.__
HOUSES TO LET — Ft RMSIiED.
FlRNIfHKD house of * rooms to rent ; | rems-
"MM«. A. JOHNSON. BO! Dupont st.
t ¦:•_ « r.oojis and bathTsnA SancheTVt.. near
?. ch-^r-th. PATTEKPQX & CO.. 1706 Mkt.
JLOST AXD FOIAD.
OX Market, near ferry, black leather chate-
.a.:ne bag, containing money and gold watch,
>ith monogram F. I. L. Finder please re-
• irr. to DSis rillr-ore st.: reward.
IXJ6T— Friday night, a gentleman* ¦eaxfpta
»ith d'.arrv>r.d Jn center. Return to 161S Clay
n ; reward.
I '? ST ~ Bunch of keys, lock attached; neighbor^
noofl o f Peary. Taylcr; reward. 411 Taylor.
°^ P l ER ., bookl canva « cover; 3x9 Inches, pieturn
*' ¦__" 'ne Association, «i Third: reward.
L<~'ST— English pug; srar on one ear. Liberal
reward If returned to Tf6 Pine st.
Black corker *par.lel dog. RcturxTtoTlS
-' m» st.. room 7; reward.
T— A small dark brown fpanlel; whit?
"¦'^'. feet. 2015 Oolden Oate ave.; rewtrii.
tOS T~t A Passbook with The Hlbemia Savings
a I^oan Society of Sap. Francisco, in the
r.ame of THOMAS PURCEXU No. 170-C27.
The flndrr will 1 2*>ase return to bank.
!-¦ 't=T— <>n ferr> -tv-at Oakland, 1:30 p. m., Sep-
t*-oi»>er 16, master Ik-ense. sailing vessels, be-
• o-png to CHARLES OKE. Finder will
- _ **T renirn to € Howard «.. 8. F.
FOCJCD— t2th Inst.. Splti dog. Owner can have
*a.roe hy proving property and paying ex-
gKMes. Apply Irom 8 to 9 a. m.. 6 to < p. m
: i i.-nrer Soda Works, ISg-lOT Mission st.
CHEArnfTT and b<?st In America— The Weekly
< all. 26 rases, sent to any address In the
-.t-ed siti-.os .. r Canada one year for II.
MASSAGE.
KMILY BEO6TVORTH. assistant to Dr. A. U.
v.:!icox. scientific masseuse, room 40. St.
¦Vir.'s building: hours. ? a. m. to 12: JO.
MEDICAL. ~
r»H. and MRS. DA VIES. izzTllarkerBr^Reir
able ladle*' end gents' specialist*- 32 vears'
practice; have treated thousands of cases suc-
CMsfally: a positive cure guaranteed at office;
Indite treatt-d can return home th« same day;
•ry cbc celebrated HINDO HERB treatment
f r h?^e cure; any one ran um it by dlrec-
tettj; i*rrect!y harmless; home for conflne-
mer.t. Send five _-ce r .t stamps for circular.
'. rt TV. O'DOXXEU, the world-renowned
;a<J:-< *r--~!aMst: safe and reliable; has prac-
a in Pan Franrisco j>r years; treatel thou.
. es-.^B of cases su.cre*fful!y; treatment can l>«
-f urca at home; consultat'r - free. a'l
' '-there fa'.l call on him. J0T3J* Market 6t.
PRBCOOUWm. well known 2arti«s' specialists.
rave returned from Europe; safe and reliable-
; have treated thousands of oases with
- : tam; U years' practice In 8. F. ; maternity
home; low fe<*s. ZV'7% Market st.. near Klxth.
; TOT KI3E. Chines* doctor: cures ronpump-
:.. rsne-er. ca'arrh. etc.. all .Ils^ases treat !
-end tor testimonial!": advice f r * e . s an i-
'.. T?4 Facramento St.. cornrr !>«tr.y.
E DR. WVET1I. reliab> *p»clali«tF: 25 yr-.'
pr« lice; home in confinement: treatment »t
¦¦mr-e. t; ; a n>- ailment; consultation free; rr»n-
.>ntlal. Hi Pctt st.. bet. Hyde and Lerkln.
Aj diseases of womon treated: a strictly prl-
i «¦ *iome in onflrtement : furnished hnuw-
¦••; irijr ronr-a In ronm-rtlon tf desire.!. MRS
l>tt- 1 rntKE, lilt Eijrhth M.. Alameda.
RICTLY private an4 secluded residence.
»uiv from the puMIc »raze. for the treatment
¦ro men; oonflr;f>menT cases taken MRS.
¦:'NKE. J456 Eifrhth St.. Alarn».la.
E -.-ell -known Dlt POPPER, c*lebrat*j f».
r- ppoeialist: practical physician for 37
r*: always irjreewful. 3'fc Kearny st.
' ' - M. AIXEX, 1OSS Market— I_»die«' «peclal-
h'>me In <-or.fl— ement ; safe nnd reliable;
craitatloa fr*»: hours 10 to 8.
VR.. KOHL, the well-known and reliable
lafli**' specialist ; g-uaranTee«j treatment at of-
5 e. *¦". positive cure. 445 KdJy. r.r. Ix»vnn rrtij
j 7'. end MRS. M. W EG EN HR- Private home
In ~ T.fn»m»_t. 1»12 Golden Gate ave.
I : . (TO!R> HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
¦•!•('• of the human body. 115 Mason st.
E VPEST and best In America— The Weekly
r i'!. U r*t;er, sent to any addresi In th'«
• r'. r 4 --¦;, -,. t or Canada one year for SI.
«l<cr.LLA\EOCS- -FOR SALE.
B .'M-EJ'-S. engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
I NTOSH A WOLPMAN. 1*5-197 Fremont st.
waRP, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters.
Vir.cVum. new and second hand: we always
I ave a larte Ftock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 coT-p'.ei* outfits on our floor, ready made;
we cajx •¦':;. everything !n 24 hours. J.
NOONAX, 1017. 101J. 1021. 1023 Mission «t..
above S:xtb: write for catalogue.
A -j: 5« DERBY and Fedora hata. Jl TE. Pop-
uUr Price Hatter*. !?0 Kearny Ft., near Pine.
r:N!: ru!t, JI": dress pants, tt 75. MISFIT
:> THING PARIX)RS, 437 Montgomery st.
'¦ '• H I* Vtuftllf cf the Live Oak ConsoII-
lated QoM Mining Co.. situated In Nevada
• • j'-v :s miles north of Auburn: 2 patented
r'sirrf: fc-stamp quartx mill; <i!lch and hoiat-
lr:«r works complete. F"or further particulars
incuir* of A. MEISTER, S14 Ninth st.. Sac-
ramento, C*l.
________ _______________________
The rub-«T'<l f— _r-ma«te_ «rteel ship, Ande-
Uta. lying tn Taccma harbor, also scows,
Hester-, i-r.f-s.ri>. (Jiving gear, engines, cable
and other -.recking appliance*. Address all
< • mn-itni'-atlcns to C. L. PARKER, Secretary.
r y,mt 40-41. Haller block. Seattle. Wash.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
pi nee, hn\\-T*. water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc:. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
FOR. pale cheap — A complete electric cabinet
bath outfit. 43 TTiird «t., room 10.
HORIZONTAL g«*cllne engine, 8 H. P.. light
weight: suitable for automobile or any pur-
pone. Address S421 Mi-sion «?.
J OR sale — Cheap. _ 58 elertric lirht bath cabi-
net, or will rent. K. F. HENZEL, corner
Pr.'.r.t Lobos anfl Fifth ares.
FOR sale — Cheap, a new JS Majestic ranire.
with ftcim table, heater and cooker. E. F.
HE^EL. ccr. Point Lobos and Fifth aves.
A-!W BOBS-POWER engine, boiler, 2 drill
air compressor. JARI5INE3. 520 Fremont tt.
NATIONAL earn register, nearly new, for
s-!e. cheap. «t 412H Sixth Bt.
} INK It*& frw-h Jtrs*y cow and calf. Inquire
»l Nucleus Ruble, 130 Stevenson tt.
S? AFES- New and Becond hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Facram«nto et.
fcTKL'L TANKS, all Flzeg; suitable for Water or
oil: ihr-.n; all «har>e«; second hand. H. S.
WHITE. E1C Mission «t.
I'ORTABLB enrine*. ttollers; iro-n and wood
planers, lathee; M hand. J. Burke. 12* Beale.
!¦! \O!C 'anterr.s. new and rd hand; movlnr
pictures. BCLLARD A BRECK. 131 Fo~t at.
7'I"1 L line camera* ami photo supplies; selling
rhrap. w. A. HARTTER. 513 Examiner bldg.
1VJM. rent full riress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
>jim for f? 50. Portland Loan Office. 25 Stktn.
lO-TOM Fairbanks *ra!e and flre.and burglar
woof eaie. VA California »t.
::i.|UNLi j,hotorrapn!e and magic lantern out-
Rts lK>urht. gold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery.
I 'HST-CLAfiS «»cond-fcand modern engines and
b'j'.ler- bought anj sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
f < |-:;s-N»»- and «w>conrt hand; all size*. THB
"AT.TZ BAFE. l»-i:i Market st.. fan Fran.
¦ 'VKrK'P n«w« for I cents. The Weekly Call.
¦e. tagu*?. in wrwp:>er. for mtllinr. >1 r^r year.
MISCKL-AXKOirS WAVT8.
' \.\"T_rv-A first -cIsks uprieht piano for stor-
**-: -.111 keep In jom! order and insure; no
• iidren. Box *'Jil, Call office.
ANTED— Schooner. lx»tween S 1 ) and M tons
": *_te full p_rtlcula.r-. Address THO6.
-' <'AItTT. 3»0» India St.. Ban EHfgo.
VTED — To rent bor-e and wa_-on for the
:'-r tor light delivery. Inquire Tvrenty-
Kth and IIoT.ard sty^ j
PEAXXTt rcarter: must be 1n flr-t-class con-
'¦:i!on. L., 2115 San Jo»« are., Alameda.
• UTTED — Seeond-hand Columbia, zJ-lnch
JUISCKLLAMSOCS WANTS.
WANTED— to rent a bathhouse. Box S774, Call
office.
SECOND-HAND billiard or pool table; largo
size. Ad<3reF« box (971. Call oSlce.
LADIES' anJ gents' cast-off clothing-bought &
sold. Sllverman. 9S4 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1131.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, bric-
a-brac and books. 109 Sixth st. : tel. Jessie 141.
IF you wl$h full value for your csst-off clothing
ca\\ on B. COHEN. 157 Third: tel. Black 4123.
MOSSY TO I.OAV.
¦^-U3&.U»<l2it TBOBTtTOi 2SaN^ON~^
R^al estate, city or bay towns at 6 per cent.
SECOND MORTGAGES. CHATTEL MOFiT-
r.A'JKS. UNDIVIDED INTERESTS IN ES-
TATRS, ETC.. LIFK INSURANCE POLICIES.
Or on any reasonable propositions It will be
to your advantage to we m? before going else-
\vher«. W. L. HARPER. 313 Examiner blag.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second mortgages
Interests in estate*
Undivided Interests In real estate
Financial problems of ail sorts and *lx«»
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. C30 Market.
ANT amount at t per cent; Int. 2d and 3d mort-
rsge*, t:nd!vld?d Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortjrscfs and legacies bought; no d»-
lay; e*t my terms befor? doing bu«lne?« else-
where, n. McCOLGAN. £4 Montgomery, r. 1
ANT proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; rirst.
fecond mcrtenges. estates In probate, lnterent i
In est»tey. legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgagee life insurance. Room IS. first floor.
Chronicle bldg. HALLORAN & OL8EN.
MOST reliable plact to borrow on diamonds,
watches, lewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds;
will b« open Monday, Fept. 24, Jewish n»w
year. ,
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advancei on diamonds. Jewelry at low. I
eet rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84S Market |
st.; t»I. M»in 1««. Branch '8 Third st. j
MOHT reliable place to borrow on diamond", j
walch-». Jewelry. W. J- HESTHAL. 10 Sixth'
highest pri^e for old gold, silver, diamondsjwtll
ba cpen Monday. Pept. 84. J»wl»te new year, j
A-$500.000 ON city and country real estate and
estates: chattel mortgages: notes and col-
laterals. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery.
CM furniture «nd p'anos without removal; quick
rervice; rnorey direct; lowest Interest. RL-om*
«S «td 6?, Donohot building. 1170 Market *t.
AT 3M Kearny st.. room 9. respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds: lowest
rates: take elevator. Telephone Davis 935.
$rCC.0Oft AT fi per cent In rutni to suit In city:
also $1SO.OOO on large ranches; also on second
mortjTBKes. R. 3. MERCER £ SON'. 41? Pine, j
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rate*: confidential.
PONELLI. Ml Jones st.. corner Eddy.
WHY pay rent? We loan money to butlo witn:
small monthly payments. Home Building
Company. 222 Sansome st., room 2.
MONEY to loan. THE MCCARTHY COMPANY,
£46 Market st.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. P17 Market st., room 1.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 43! California.
ON furniture and pianos: no removal: confi-
dential; on diamonds, etc. 23 Taylor it.
TO salaried people without security: all busi-
ness eonfldentlnl. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
ON furniture, pianos; S per cent per month; no
commission. Mrs. Wilson, rm. 101. 6 E_3y st.
CA.SH leaned to salaried people on note witnout
indorser. MORRELL. C09 Examiner building.
OX furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister ft.
TO salaried people without collateral or In-
dorier. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 PhMan big.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. IS patrs, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
poMage raM.
Ml'SICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A HA I.LETT & DAVIS, rosewood case $50 00
Edwards & Son, rosewood case 75 00
Arion, rosewood cape 95 M
Hallet & Davis 133 00
Weber, finest condition 173 <v)
Manner & Sons 178 04]
Kir.g:f.bury. oak 190 «i j
Standard, used a few months 2S5 W
Easy payments, rheet music and everything
In the music line. Chlckering. Vose. Sterling
agency. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16-U-20
O'Karrell Ft.
NICE squares from $30 to tlCO.
Nice ui>r1frhts, slightly used, from $<>0 to $100.
Full amount paid allowed on new Chickering
or Vose in two years. BENJ. C1TRTAZ Ac
POX. IS O' Far—ell »t.
LARGEST exclusive wholesale and retail piano
house west of Chicago; at a discount, to es-
tabtlKh our new location, we will Rive 10 per
cent off on pianos: some second-hand bar-
Eatns=; 3 Heine uprights. $327: 2 Htelnways,
$155; 1 Chlckerlng, (US; 1 Mason & Hamlln.
$350, and 20 other bargains; agents for Halleit
& Davis and 5 ether makes. HEINE PIANO
CO.. 217 Geary st-. near City of Paris.
A RELIABLE piano can be bought only from
a reliable house. The ZENO MAUVAIS MU-
BiC CO. i« such a bouse. Their address Is
7CT Market et.
DON'T fail to *ee the beautiful Decker & Bon
baby grands Just received at MAUVAIS'. 76»
Market st. They are the best ever shown In
th« city.
NO matter what you --ant In the line of mu-
sical (roods, you can always do best at MAU-
VAIS 1 . 7C9 Market «t.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN
CLAY & CO.'S have the privilege of ex-
chancln/p for a STEINWAY any time within
thrte years and full purchase price allowed:
the best makers of every grade to select from;
beautiful new uprights $6 cash. $5 per month;
some good pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. PTEINWAY
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter sts..
Ban Francisco; corner Bioadway and Thir-
teenth Bts.. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest nouns
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 2«.
28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, weans and
all other musical instruments of all (Trades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. Vt-".\-
A FINE assortment of high grade pianos: Ha-
relton Dewins: Bros.. Hardmans. etc: flne
upright for $165; nice piano $50. DEWING" 8, J
Flood building^ ; |
SOIIMER & CO., Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Spell- I
m»n and other pianos. 3fi« Post st.
GENTLEMAN going East will sacrifice ele-
gant uprlrht grand piano. 324 Golden Gate.
l7iV-GOOD piano, fine tone, for aale on $3 In-
tallments. 1115 Po»t St. /
BARGAIN— Good piano cheap; Installment $3
per month. SCHM1TZ. 16 McAllister Bt.
W G BADGER. 412 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR violins, xlthers. old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
REDUCTION sale: new pianos: $S payments;
for rent. S5 »P- BRUENN. 20S Post St. __
HIGH-GRADE piano*: Stock. Hardman. Con-
over & others. W. B. ALLEN CO., 814 Post.
FOR sale— Elegant walnut, cabinet grand up-
ri_ht. cheap, or will rent. 342 Kearny gt.
6LATGHTER sale of upright pianos for stor-
age; $jO up. Wilson's Storage. 1*10 Market »t
S-PEDAL Stein-way; perfect order. $175.
KEEFFE'S. 8M Market »t.. bet. Mh and «th.
VIOLIN strings; never wet; best In the world:
making and repairing of all kinds of musical
Instruments. Carl C. Anderson. 417 Geary st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pa*es, smt to any address In the
T'njted State* cr Patsds on* year for $1.
OFFICES AM) STORES TO LET.
A RARE chance— Fine Ftore, 18:6x91; on north
•lie of Market and cast of City Hall ave.:
present tenant wishes to retain office room
and portion of store; gross rent $100. Apply
146C Market Et.
GROCERS— Store cor. Hayeg and Gough. for-
merly occupied by duff Bros., now by Stager
Bros., for rent from October 1: $€5. ASHTON
_r GARDINER. 411 Montgomery St.
I«ARGE elegant store and basement: 993 Valen-
cia Rt., near 21st; business center; suitable
for any business.
STORE with fixtures and living rooms. 104J
Guerrero ut. : de-lrable for dressmaker.
A SMALL shop to rent miltable for shoemaker;
$6 per month. 627 Gough st.
A WFEK'F news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
PAL3IISTIIY.
MRS. VAN BAKER, scientific palmistry. 732
Eddy. nr. Polk; no sign; hours, 1 to ! p. m.;
Sunday by appointment; phone Polk 1156.
MME. NEEROAARD ha« removed to 700 Post:
hours 1 to t eve., and Punrtay by appointment.
' PARTNERS "WANTED.
LADY partner with means and refinement
wanted by professional man. Address M. D.,
Y. M .C. A., city. ¦
PARTNER either sex. •ranted with $2000 In a
successful sanitarium. Box 4464, Call office.
WANTED— Lady having a good paying restau-
rant wishes a lady partner. Box 4463. Call.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
nR"cTc~O'DOXNELlr- Office and residence,
iwiu. Market «t.. between Sixth and S«ven_a. I
PERSO5ALJ.
BUSINESS man with means desires th» ac-
quaintance of an honorable lady; object, mat-
rimony. Address, with particulars, box 4945,
Call office.
WEALTHY manufacturer, $30,000 annually,
will devote life to happiness congenial wife;
bank references. "Bonaflde," 771 North Park
ave., Chicago, 111.
REFINED widow, 29, wishes to meet a gentle-
man oC. means; object 'matrimony; references
exchanged. Address box 4459, Call office.
YOUNG gent, honest and Industrious, would
like the acquaintance of young lady; Scandi-
navian or German; object matrimony. Ad-
drees M. L.. box 2026. Call office, Oakland.
M.— 2— Reed— Yes— 3001— H. '
A BOY or girl baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
-TF^H^lJ 410 K1 Chth *»-. Alameda.
GRAY hair restored; walnut stain gives to
gTay. faded or bleached hair, eyebrows,
lushes, beard, uniform color, light or dark
brown; instantaneous; beautiful; does not rub
off; 25c pint; French Curllque curls etraight-
est hair, 25c 6-oz. bottle; also siire wrinkle re-
mover, giving skin firm, smooth appearance,
25c. Send stamp for particulars, MRS. FAUN-
LEY, Campbell Station, Santa Clara Co., Cal.
LEDERER. the popular hairdresser, artistic
halrdressing only by the best hair artists:
Cc hair rolls and switches a. specialty.
LEDEBER'8 Quintonica Hair Tonic. 35c bot.;
beautifies and gives that gloss. 123 Stockton.
LEDEHER'S Foamo Shampoo, 5c pkg. : cleanses
and sweetens the ( hair; you must try It.
THE Star Hair Remedy never falls to restore
gray and faded hair to natural color, cur*
dandruff, itching scalp and eczema, stop
falling, grow new hair; sold by hairdressers
and druggists; ask for it; take no other. Tha
Star Redemy Company, San Francisco.
ARE you hal<l? Ip hair gray or falling? I guar-
nntM 'ur<?;.try my harmless "Titian" shade;
Luxurtol, bust developer: guaranteed; treatise
for stamp to MRS. E. R. DUNLAP, 6 Eddy
st., fourth floor.
DR. LASSWELL. mental science healer and
teacher: meetings every day except Sunday,
from 12 to 1 o'clock; free to all; classes
formed monthly. U McAllister St., room 17.
BON-TON Halrdressing Palace— Latest styles.
25c; best shampoo, 50c; special Bale of
switches, all shades; bargain prices. 324
Post St.
"HAIR Doctor's Remedy," 16 oz. bottle $1.
KUKSTER, specialist, 1102 Franklin St., Oak-
land; information; stamo.
MRP. H. H. Pe VOLL, 537 Ellis st., shampoo-
ing; hair dried in the sun.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates: 10
yeHrs' experience. J. B. KAY, 357 Jessie st.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; aim
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
SENT free — A 100-page book, explaining all
secrets that enable you to develop personal
magnetism and gain wealth by influencing
everybody; this great work lays bare the
mysteries of hypnotism and magnetic heallni,
and shows you how to banish diseases and
bad habits; nothing like It: success guaran-
teed in a few days. Address American Col-
lege of Sciences, Dept. IS, 416-420 Walnut st.,
Philadelphia, Pa.
MARRIAGE bureau; est. 18?7: reliable and con-
fidential; lists. 10c. Mrs. Hertz, 706 Ellis st.
AMATEUR photographers— Save 50 per cent by
having your work done at Rembrandt Studio,
SEO Market St.. cor. Stockton: kodaks, 3%x3H.
only 25c; no charge for blank negatives; pro-
fessional advice free; lessons given, 50c each.
THE HUDSON RIVER CO.,
HOPKE BROS.
Jlattrenses and pillows made to order, r»oov-
ercd and renovated; honest work guaranteed;
prices defy competition; fine upholstery; phone
L3r*; factory, 31S and 320 Eleventh st.; fflrst-
cIhps cleaning nnd dyeing. 12S O'Farrellist.,
near Powell, San FVnncisco.
JULIANISM.
Scientific Healing.
619 Golden Gate ave.
i:LECTRIC lights In every ruom— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st, near Market; 700 rooms;
"r.c to $1 50 per night; $1 F0 to $5 per week;
frft 'bus and biggage to and from the ferry.
FIITS to ord^r on installments: $15 upward;
$1 a week. , LEON LEMO8. 1117 Market et.',
between Seventh and Eighth.
PILES— 300 permanent cures in San Francisco,
who can be seen: no operation: no pain: par-
ticulars sent. Ad. Physician, box 1950. Call.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
ing Co.. 1CW Mkt.. urd?r St. N'lcholas Hotel.
HAIR quickly curled or waved by using Tal-
cotfs curling fluid; I5c a bottle; druggists.
WANTED— Old-fashioned silver, brass, eopp?r
ware; curios, all descriptions. 525 Dupont st.
ALFHEDUMS Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1, at all druggists.
CAST-OFF clothing, old gold and silver bought;
send postal. COLEMAN'8. 506 Kearny ft.
KUAL ESTATE CITY FOR S.\I,E.
$17,000— a FINE business property on best part
of principal crositown business street ;
pays good Interest; steady tenants.
$12,000 — Four new modern flats, near park;
rented for $112 ui) monthly.
FLATS.
$11.000— Three beautiful Hats of 7 rooms each,
near Flllrr.nre and Hayes sts.; rents
$102 50 monthly; wide Kit.
$5.250 — Two new flats of 7 and 8 rooms; near
Park and Panhandle; rents $52 50
monthly; wide lot.
$5,M)0— Three new flats, near Twenty-second
9 and Valencia sts. ; rents $.12 50 monthly.
$5,000 — Two splendid flats of 6 and 6 rooms: In
best part of Mission, near Twenty-flrst
and Valencia sts. ; always rented at $45
monthly.
$3,C0O— Two fine flats of 2 and 4 rooms; near
Twenty-fourth and Sanchez sts.: rents
$35 monthls': this Is very cheap; $500
cash, balance monthly.
RESIDENCES.
$12,000— Two residences on Washington St.; lot
W)xl27:6: rents $S0 monthly; offer wanted.
$7,000 — Residence of 3 rooms; Ellis st., near
Laguna; lot 25x120 to small street; this
is a cplendld buy.
$5,000— Residence of 7 rooms; Webster St., near
California.
LOTS.
Pacific Heights: corner lot: beautiful marine
view and full view of entire city; lot 45
feet front; more frontage can be had If
desired; an offer wanted; must toe sold.
$60 per front foot; any size lot; Clay St., near
Maple.
$2.000— I»t 30x127:8: Clar St.. near Cherry.
$2.000— I^ot 40x100; near Washington and Cherry
Sts.
$1,750— Lot 27x127; Washington Bt., near First
ave. boulevard.
$650— Lot 25x100; California St.. near Third
ave.
$750 Each: 2 lots, 27:«xll4; north side Twen-
ty-fifth St., near Castro.
$1,000— Lot 25x100; Hampshire St., near Twenty-
second; street bltuminlzed.
8end for list Mission cottages, flats and lots.
MCAFEE BROTHERS, 108 Montgomery st.
$4,600 — Rent $42: store and flats, close *n Fol-
Fom and Ninth sts.; steadily rented; a
' good investment.
$4,250— Only $500 wish: balance name as rent;
nice house In the best part of the Mis-
sion: Hill St.. near Valencia; contains 9
rooms, bath, hot air furnace and all con-
veniences; size lot, 30x114.
$2,S50— $400 cash; balance monthly flame as
rent: new up-to-date house on Alvarado
st., close to Castro and Twenty-second:
contains F> large sunny rooms, porcelain
bath, etc.; also high basement; size lot,
25x114.
$5, OOC— Another bargain: nice flats on an NE.
corner, clcse to Fillmore and California
sts.: contains 5 rooms and bath each;
rent $45; never vacant.
$10,750— Rent $97 60; swell flats'ln the best part
of the Western Addition, close to town;
marble steps and all the latest conven-
iences; splendidly arranged; sun In every
room; do not fall to se« them; offer
wanted.
$1, 600— $300 cash; balance monthly, same as
rent: new cottage. 4 rooms, bath and
basement: on Twenty-flfth and Missis-
sippi Fts. ; convenient to all the large
manufactories at the Potrero.
$6,750— Cost $9000; flne modern home within V4
Mock Of Park Panhandle; contains 9
rooms, hath, hi 11 lard -room and all con-
\-eniences: lot 25x103.
$7,600 — Fine modern flats on Baker St., near
Fulton, containing 6 and 7 sunny rooms,
bath, etc.: size lot. 25x100.
$9,500— Post St., near Polk; two-story house. 10
' ., roomr: latest sanitary plumbing; lot, 15
xl20, to rear street.
$12,500— Fine business corner on Howard St., not
far from town; handsome 3-story build-
ing, store below and 2 large flats above:
paj'B 9 per cent.
$6,250— Rents $76; six flats clcse to Folsom and
Fifth sts.; elze lot C0x75.
tS.750— Howard st., near Third: 2- story brick
building; rents $72; lot 30 feet front. ¦
$?,300 — Must be sold; Mission St.. near Six-
teenth ; flne 3-Etory bay-window build-
Ing, store and flats: lot 25x100.
LYON & nOACi.
14 Montgomery st.
RICHMOND.
Terminus of Santa Fa railroad: more bulld-
Irgs In course, of construction than any city
on the Coast out of San Francisco; and only
four week* old; com* and see Richmond and
you will invest and double your money before
Christmas: prices will be Increased October
15. WESTERN LAND CO., 640 Market St.
$1600 CASH, balance remain 6 per cent; good
Income property In tenements: rents $44
monthly: 3 blocks from New City Hall. Box
4471,- Call office. ,- ¦ ..
IN Richmond: substantial cozy house of 5
rooms; latest Improvements. Box 4448, Call.
REAL ESTATE— CUT— FOR SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
$1,050— Cozy cottage of 4 roomB; handy to Mls-
slon-st. cars; will be sold on very easy
terms.
$l,>00— Very cheap home; 2-story bay-window
residence of 6 rooms and bath; brick
foundation, etc.; warm belt of the Mis-
sion.
$J,900— Rents $3S4 per annum; near 7th and Bry-
ant sts.: 4 flats and lot.
Only $3000 cash required; renU $540 per
annum above water; mortgage of $3500
can remain: a Splendid home In the
Western Addition: substantial modern
2-story house of 9 rooms and bath; Pa-
cific Heights: 32:6xl27:8H; must be seen
to be appreciated: a good opportunity.
$3,C0O— Rents J34S per annum; Bryant St.; 2
flats of 6 and 6 rooms; 22x$0.
$3,700— Rents $432 per annum: near 6th and Bry-
ant Bts. : a flats of 4 rooms each and
stable; 25x88:6.
$5,200— Very cozy cottage on Devisadero St.; 5
rooms, bath and basement; lot 27:6x100;
to close an estate.
$5,250— Rents $744 per annum: price greatly re-
duced; to close an estate: near 6th and
Harrison tts.; 4 flats and lot 50x80; this
Is a bargain and no reasonable offer wilt
be relused.
$5,400— Rents $t>60 per annum; near 4th and Fol-
som st.».: 6 substantial flats; must be
sold to close an estate; price has been
greatly reduced; rto reasonable offer re-
I fused;" lot 41:2x69.
$5,500 — A bargain: l'ost-st. residence; substan-
tial 2-story bay-window house of 9
rooms, bath, etc., etc.
$6, (.'GO— Rents ?7tf) per annum; O'Farrell st. and
rear street: 3 flats and stable.
$9,500— Rents $1236 per annum; to close the es-
tate the price has been greatly reduced;
i substantial improvements; 10 flats; al-
ways rented: near 1st and Howard sU.;
mortgage of $5100 can remain; this prop-
erty will pay fully 15 PT cent per an-
num net; one of the best paying in-
vestments in the city; 60x80.
$12,000— Grand unobstructed marine views; ele-
gant new residence on Green st., near
! fcfeott; In course of construction; 10
! rooms and bath, etc.; large lots running
! back to an alley; must be Been to be ap-
preciated.
New Pocket Map of San Francisco County,
25 cents.
I Choice list of building lota In all parts of
the city at prices to suit.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Eetate Rec-
ords," which contains a list of properties for
sale in every part of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
MADISON & BURKE. Real Estate Agents,
626 Market St.. opp. Palace Hotel.
Established 1S58.
Stevenson St., near Third, close to center of
city; good building; only $5200; 20x70.
Poet «t.. near Jones; great future; lot 26:3x
137:6; sold to close an estate.
$17,000— Fulton St., between Polk st. and Van
Ness ave.; lot 50x120 to Ash ave.
$6500 — Capp St.. near Twenty-third; rents $65;
flats all rented; 37:6x122:6.
California st., adjoining corner Polk; lot Wx
S7:6; must be sold to close an estate.
J50C0— Baker St.. near Sacramento; 8 rooms
and bath; In perfect order; 25:6x102:6.
J23CO— Bryant St., near Seventh; 1 cottages;
rents $20; lot 20x80.
$3600 Elizabeth st.. near Castro; store and
flats; rents $30; lot 25x114.
$4250— Octavia st., near Height;" an elegant
lot for modern flats; 37:6x100.
Offer wanted for an elegant modern cottage
home; 5 rooms and bath; lot 24x100; Potrero
ave., near 22d st.
$2450 — Cottage and lot; 23d St., near Diamond;
4 rooms and bath; modern conveniences; 25:10x
114.
$2100— Clement st., near 32d ave.; store and
flat: 9 rooms, used as saloon and boarding-
house; 24x100.
J9000— Mlsaion-st. property; partly Improved;
i large lot; C4xl83:6; street work all clone; the
I future of the property Is the very best; must
I be sold.
$4300— A beautiful Western Addition corner;
In the best part of the city; cheap.
$3230— Pleasant home In the Mission: near 18th
and Valencia »ts. ; 7 rooms and bath: must sell.
MADISON & BURKE.
625 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
CLEAN INVESTMENTS.
AT A. M. SPECK & CO.'S. 667 MARKET ST.
$175,000— Pays 6 per cent net; Market St.; one
tenant.
$30,000— Pays 1 per cent; few blocks from
Chronicle.
$40.0(0 — Pays $370; grand corner: all rented.
$42.?»O0 — Pays S per cent net: grand corner; one
tenant; lease 5 years.
$30,000— Rents $252; new improvements.
$25,000— Grand corner of 3 stores and five flats;
few blocks from City Hall; all rented.
$22.500 — Grand store property: 70 feet front;
rents $200 a month; aJl rented.
$17,600— Grand investment; 40 leet front; near
Van Ness ave. and McAllister Bt. ;
rents $145.
$17,500— Grand corner; rents $165; 70 feet front,
on Main st.
$15.300 — Rents $1*5: new improvements.
$10,000— Elegant flats, not far from Van Nes«;
rents $1100; only % cash; all rented.
$9,500— Store property on Fourth St.; one
tenant.
$9,000 — Store property on Ninth St., near Mar-
ket ; very cheap.
$8,000 — Rents $70; new flats near Van Ness ave.
KOOO— Post St.; three flats; rents $60.
$4,600— Four elegant flats of 4 rooms each.
rents $40.
$3,250 — Mission flats: rents $310 annually; near
Twenty-fourth st.
$2,500— Store and flat; near Union Iron Works;
. rents $22.
$2,250— Cozy 5-room cottage on Castro st.
$2,200— Rents $38; Vallejo St.; worth $3500.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 MARKET ST.
BOVEB, TOY & SONNTAG.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
HOUSES RENTED. RENTS COLLECTED
AND FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF
PROPERTY.
624 MARKET ST.
$2000-Bul!dlng lot. 50x114. near Church St.;
Mission warm belt.
$2800— Beautiful 60-foot building lot. near
Frederick st.
$3500— NE. corner on Sacramento St., Presidio
Helghth; choice building lot, 37:6x100; stone
Midewalk and street bltumlnlzed.
$0000— Very choice Presidio Heights building
lot. 77:6x127; unsurpassed marine view.
J65O0 — Three modern and new Western Ad-
dition flats; annual rents $700.
$11,500— Business property on First St., near
Mission: if Improved have responsible tenant
who will take 5 years' lease.
$14,000 — Golden Gate ave. business property,
near Van Ness; store and two flats; house on
rear street.
$20,000— Downtown Turk-st. corner; 106 feet
front; good three-story building: stores and
flats; rents $2135 annually, which can easily
be Increased.
$46,000— O'Farrell st. building, close to Mar-
ket St.; three stories.
Further particulars of BOVEE, TOY &
SONNTAO.
DON'T DELAY.
Buy a home on easy terms and be Independ-
ent. ¦
Five-room and bath; latest design; on Hoff-
man ave., Heyman Tract; H block from elec-
tric car.
Also 4-room and bath cottage. JAMES COT-
TER Is agent on the tract. /
JACOB HEYMAN.
117 Sutter st., owner and builder.
HEALTH RESORT.
Ocean Beach park lots for (tale and cars to
rent.
Reduced; Nlnth-avo. lot, north side, one block
from Golden Gate Park and museum.
$150— Level lot, 25x125; on graded street; Sa-
dowa st.. Ocean View, near station.
T4 a month will buy a new 4-room and b«th
cottage. Elmhurst station, 50 minutes' ride from
S. F.J lot 75x125. JACOB HEYMAN.
' 117 Sutter st.
$800 TO $10,000 EACH— We have made a spe-
cldty this week of listing eight of the very
best city income properties that can be had
for the money; no time to write ad. for to-
day. FOWLER & CO., 1413 Call building.
$16.000— A PROFITABLE Investment; Valencia
st.. n*ar Twenty-third: large lots, through to
San Jose ave.: Improvements; well rented-
make offer. FOWLER & CO., 1413 Call bldg!
RICHMOND PANHANDLE LOTS.
$50 CASH. $10 per month; interest at 7 per
cent: Clement St., Fourteenth, Fifteenth
and Point Lobos aves. ; 25x127:6; facing the
new Panhandle from the Park to the Prcsl-
dlo. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A GEM for only $2800— New modern house of 6
rooms and bath: grand view of park and
ocean; easy terms; l A cash, balance monthly.
See owner on premises, 1524 Tenth ave., near
K St., Sunset district.
$275— LARGE lot. 44:6x103:6, near Sunnyslde; 2
car lines; perfectly level: new cottage 'oppo-
site: positive bargain. 21 Powell st., rooms
1 and 2.
FOR sale clleap— Lot on the SE. corner of
: Mission and Fair ave., opposite terminus of
Valencla-st. cars; 60x284; 2 frontages. Apply
712 Guerrero st.
$200— LODGING house of 10 rooms, partly
rented, for sale. 94 Kearny st.
NEW cottage of 4 rooms and one of 2 rooms-
lot 50x150. Twenty-flrst and Douglass sts. . '
MISSION cottage; new; C rooms/ bath; lot 60x
100; $3000; terms to eult buyer. 413 Kearny st.
HOUSE for sale— Ten rooms and two baths,
furnace, electric lights, gas, completely car^
peted; on Presidio Heights; marine view; lot
Zb:t\ixlQO; . house and carpets one year old;
price $9000.-. Apply 311 Spruce st. between Sac-
ramento and Clay.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
BALDWIN i HOWELL,
10 MONTGOMERY ST.
New property listed and bargains In Invest-
ment properties. Nothing in this list but what
is decidedly cheap and can bear full Inspection.
$2,11/0— Rents $32 per month; a rare bargain;
pays big Interest; large lot; splendid
improvements; near Jackson and Mason.
$5,000— Owner anxious to sell; 2-story resi-
dence; 9 roms and bath; large lot. 32:6x
115 to an alley; near Capp and Twenty-
Ihth sts.
$5,500— Reduced to $5150; residence of 9 rooms
and bath; front and back stairs; dII-
liard room; latest plumbing, etc.; lot
with double frontage; room for flats or
s'table: best residence location; nei«r
Golden Gate Park; 1 block from
Halght-st. cars; property worth $7500;
This Is a genuine bargain.
$14,500— Rents $1260 a year; well Improved butl-
ne.«s corner; near Sutter and Fillmore
tts. ; large lot 55x100; stores and resi-
dences.
15,000 — Near the corner of Fourth and Minna
sts.; lot :.ix70: 3-story building of 3 Sat*:
rents $ ISO per year; right In the heart
of town. ,
$3."i0 — Rents 516 per month: corner on Dolores
St.; well improved with 2 new flats of
5 and 6 rooms and bath each; always
rented; lot 25x89.
$4.200— Rents $32 per month; Buchanan St..
near Halght; 2-story house of S rooms
and bath; street ¦bltumlniz<»d; cement
sidewalk; a decided bargain for a home
st eker.
J3.S0O— Your own terms; like- paying rent; new
cottage. Just completed; 3215 I^guna
St.. corner lot near Lombard; 5 rooms,
bath, reception hall, etc.; must be sold;
house open, to-day.
$5,250— Fourth St.; retail business property—
ttore and flat; rents K>0 per month; pays
8 per cent net: must be sold to close es-
tate; this is a bargain.
$1.200— Rents $120 per year; large lot. 60x50;
cottage house; near Folsom and Eighth
Bts. ; executor's sale.
$19,000— Rents $160 per month: always rented:
t>ame tenants for years; large coner;
well irrproved with stores and llatw;
McAllister st, not far from Van Ness
ave.
$8,E00— Rents $S5 per month; price reduced to
make quick sale; 2 houses and rear cot-
tage on McAllister St., close to Laguna.
$15,C0O— Only $2,500 cash; bank mortgage of
J13.000 can remain; lot 30x100; with 3-
f-tory building on Van Nest, ave., near
Golden Oate.
Full particulars of any ot the above
properties on application at oftice of
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 16 Montgomery st.
NEW PROPERTY!
NEW PROPERTY!!
NEW PROPERTY!!
Superior building lots on very easy payments;
on line of the H-st. electric cars and fronting
Golden Gate Park and the new 19th-ave. boule-
vard; only a minute's walk from Strawberry
Hill and Park attractions.
Macadamized Streets on Official Grades.
—Plank Sidewalks, Gas and Water Service'.!!—
Moderate Prices— The Choicest Locality.
Rare. Chance for Investment Seekers
and Home Builders.
Your Own Terms— Interest Only 6 Per Cent.
Money advanced for building purposes; the
costliest and handsomest modern houses in
Sunset District are now being occupied and
constructed on the new 19th-ave. boulevard.
Call at once at our hranch office (open wee's
days, Sundays and holidays), corner of H St.
and 9th ave., Ecuth of Golden Gate Park, ami
ask to be shown these beautiful lot?. Full j>ar-
ticulars and price lists also at our office.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
GEORGE M. WILLCOX. '
Real Estate and Financial Agent.
Attends personally/ to the purchase or sale
or general management of Heal Estate. In-
cluding the collection and remittance of rents.
32S MONTGOMERY ST.
$30,000— Clay St.; seven substantial, well-built
two-story and high basement frame
dwellings, on lot 96x137:6; $2400 annual
rental for five years guaranteed; 8 per
cent on an Investment that Is bound to
Increase In value.
$25.000 — Grant ave.; corner; cost $33,000; a bar-
gain.
$18.000 — Oakland; a magnificent home; worth
$25,000.
$17,000— Howard st.; four-story and basement
¦ lodging house In first-class condition;
stores below; thirty-six rooms above:
buthlintr alone cost $13,000; lot 25x80;
annunl rental $1500; bid want,ed.
$13,000— Sh'lner st. corner, near new Duboco
Park: worth $20,000 In five years; two-
story frame building: stores below; flats
above: lot 48xSl.
$12,000 — Near Kearny St.; improved business
property; pays 12 per cent net.
$12,000— Rincon Hill; two two-story and base-
ment frame dwellings, eleven rooms
and bath each; fine condition; same
tennnts for past ten ycara ; lot 50x85;
annual rents $900; bid wanted.
JS.OOO— Larkln St., near Sutter; six rooms and
bath flats; lot 22x34.
$7,600— Mason st. corner flats; lot 34x60.
$7,500 — A beautiful home In best residence dis-
trict of Alameda; eight rooms, bath
and laundry; lot 55x150; $4500 cash, bal-
ance to suit.
$7.500 — Presidio Heights; elegant new ten-
room house, complete In every detail;
must be sold to close estate; lot £Sxl38.
$5,500 — Howard »t., near Seventh; lot 25x30 and
Improvements.
$2,500— Fifteenth ave. south; good 9-room
house ; lot 75x100; cost $5000. including
street Improvements.
$2,000 — Near Jackson and Mason fts. : two-story
frame dwellings; annual rental $385;
19 per cent : must be sold to close estate.
$1.850— Fifteenth st., between Church and
Market; lot 25x106.
$4,500 — West Berkeley: 41 lots on and near San
Pablo ave.
$2,600— West Berkeley; almost new; two-story
frame dwelling, 8 rooms and bath; on
Sixth st.: lot 100x120.
$15,000 — Sonoma County: 1000-acre ranch; highly
cultivated; Improvements complete; will
exchange.
$6,250— Santa Rosa; most desirable home; 11-
room house; lot 150x150; will exchange.
$6,000— Sonoma County; 72-acre farm; Ideal
suburban home.
GEORGE M. WILLCOX.
32.S Montgomery at.
VOX R1IEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc7T
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
$50.000 — Warehouse in vicinity of Fourth and
Townsend sts.; 99x240 feet; two frontages.
$13,000— Corner Green and Powell sts.; 70x70;
three-story building; rents $132.
$12.500 — Union Et.. near Taylor; three 'modern
flats and rear house; 25:9x128:9; rents $97.
$8900— Ellis St.. near Octavla; 25x120; house Of
8 rooms and bath. -
$7250— Van Ness ave., near Pacific ave.; 25x
100; house of II rooms.
$6000— Vallejo Ft., near Mason: 48:l%xl37:6.
with an L: two flats and rear house; rents $64.
$*0O— Folsom St., near Eighth; 25x90; two
flats; rents $46.
$5250— California St., near Baker; 23:3x82:6;
three flats; rents $42 50.
$5000 — Green st., near Dupont; 26:6xS0; three
bay-wlr.dow flats; rents $.">5.
$5000— Rents $75 per month; corner two main
streets. In northern part of city.
$4500— Kearny St., near Union: 20x80 to rear
street; two houses; rents $38 25.
$4250— Webster St., near Filbert; 25x1 CO; 6- room
cottaze. ,
$3500— Greenwich St., near Mason; 46x60; two-
Etorv house of 8 rooms and bath.
UNIMPROVED.
jSOOO — Corner Guerrero and Fourteenth; 6Sx9S.
$7500— Valencia St., near Twenty-sixth; 60xC<0.
Corner Bryar.t and Twenty-second sts.; will
subdivide; 55x100.
$4000 — Church St.. near Twenty-sixth: 100x100.
j3.-,00 — Fulton, near Fillmore; 32:6x137:6.
jfjnoo — i^apuna st., near Page; 25x100.
$2750 each— Post St., near Devlsadero; 2 lots.
$2000— Waller St., near Stanyan: 25xlCO.
$17.*i0 — Corner Castro and Alvarado; 2<:6xl0o.
$1500 — Sutter St., near Lyon; 35:3x100.
FOR SALE BY
HAWKS & SKELTON.
323 Montgomery st.
$14,000 — Corner Turk and Buchanan sts.; hous>,
12 rooms: well built home, or can be
made flats nnd pay big; large lot.
$10,600— Corner lot; Hyd» and Francisco; secure
, view of bay: improving location: 137x.
137; will subdivide.
$2,500— SE. cor. Larkln and Filbert sts.; 41x62;
fine site for home or flats; very cheap.
$5,500— SW. cor. Grove and Devisadero Bts.; 34x
110: on main drive to Park.
$1,350 each for lots; Chestnut St., near
Stockton: 22:11x137:6; «;tr?et accepted;
make an offer; they are bargains.
$17,000— Business property: Fillmore st., near
California; rents $1450 per annum; never
vacant; double the interest you get in
savings banks.
HAWKS & SKELTON, 323 Montgomery st.
A— DAVID STERN & SONS, Real Estate
Agents. 11 Montgomery St.
$6000— Rents $G0; choice business corner In
Mission; 50x80.
Elegant northeast corner Bush and La-
tuna;, can be easily- remodeled Into store and
Hats; a grand Investment.
1910 Baker, near Sacramento: elegant modern
cottage, 8 rooms and bath; must be sold; 25:6
xl02:6.
$4250— Rents $45: Broderick, near Fulton: 3
flats. 5. 5. 6 rooms and bath; 25x100; must bo
sold. , -
$2250. . * ~~ ~~~ : .¦ ..:-,,-'... ~~~i
Business corner • lot on California st. ; 32:6x
100. G.H. UMBSEN & CO.." 14 Montgomery.
$4250—2 NICE flats on ' Twenty-fourth ' near
Castro; pay good Interest. 10-percent: must
b« sold. ; McEWEN BHO8,. IIS Montgomery.
BUSH. 1225 — Nice, large residence; could be
turned Into flats; very^sunny; 30x137:6; call-
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
BASTON. EXDRIDGE & CO..
63S MARKET STREET.
$300 CA^II
MISSION COTTAGE.
6 rooms and bath and stable, on Chat- !
tanooga st., near 22d st.; Mlsslon-st. cars
pass; bitumen street; large lot, 23x117:6
to rear street; rents $17 per month.
FOR YOUR RENT MONEY.
$500 ca*h — Two beautiful modern Mission
flats of 3 and 4 rooms and porcelain bath,
etc. ; the rrnt you receive pays for them.
$500 ca«h— Sunny modern corner house In the
Mission; 8 rooms and porcelain bath; lot |
27x114 feet.
SOUTH OF MARKET COTTAGE.
$1900— Near Folsom and 7th sts. ; well-built cot-
taee, S rooms; lot 25x80 feet.
BEAUTIFUL MISSION WARM BELT;
BEST PART; NO FOG: NO WIND.
$2500. REDUCED FROM $IO<v>
Make offer; elegant 40-foot lot In center of
warm rx-lt; choicest portion.
$X100_SXAP! BARGAIN $33'M
Tw> large fints. o and 5 rooms; rents $".¦;
' near 27th ana Guerrero sts.
PAYS 14 PER CENT.
SNAP OX LARK IN STREET BARGAIN
$6000 — Rents $70 month; 3 fine flats.
NEW PARK PANHANDLE FLATS.
$7300— Rents $ c 03 p?r annum: 3 new elegant mod-
ern fiat?; porcelain tubs; tl'.e mant*»U; j
elegant and mnrlern !n every detail.
EASTON, ELDRirXJE & CO..
€33 Market street.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON.
22 MONTGOMERY ST.
$23,dOO— Geary-st. corner: Inside of Jones; rents
$1C3.
$6,300— Third St.. near Harrison: 23x90: two-
story house; should b» converted Into
$11.000-Thi r s' property cost $30,000; 73:6x48:3;
NW. corner Lombard and Jones; 14
blocks from Powell-st. cars: house con-
tains 15 rooms ami large conservatory;
lower story finished In hard wood, fur-
nace, etc.
$4,500— E!es<1ntf SK. corner lot; Masonic ave.
and Frederick St.: 45:<ixlC3; fine vi»w.
$4,000— Van Ness ave., near Union; lot 33x105
ami 125.
$12,000— Corner on Seventh st. ; V± blocks from
Market st. ; rents $85; nearly opposite
Postofflce.
$4,500— Post st.. north side, near Broderick:
41:3x137:6: two flats. 5 and C rooms and
bath: rents $3fl; room for two more flats.
$26,000— Water lot on Beale, near Mlaston; |
43:Wxl37:6.
$5,000— Two flats of 6 rooms and bath each: ]
S\V. corner Jackson and Spruce. 27:8x |
9G: fine marine view.
$1,600— Key lot; north side Washington; 100
feet east of First ave.: 27x127.
$1,600— Key lot: south side Jackson. 100 feet
east of First ave.; 27x123.
$600 only — A sacrifice; must be sold; lot 25x
120; on Seventh ave., near C «t. ; street
work done.
$7,E00— Fine house of 14 rooms and bath. l-u;n-
dry. etc.; concrete basement: north side
of Pine St., near Webeter; 23x137:6.
$4.000^ — Two flats on Clinton Park, near Va-
lencia: & rooms and bath each; rerun
$32: lot 27:6x70.
$4,600— Stelner st.. near Ellis: two-story Eaat-
lake house, 10 rooms and bath.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON.
22 Montgomery st.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 6S7 Market st.
Real Estate and Investment Agents.
fMH Charge Taken of Property.
$100,000 — Ellis-st. corner; 03x137:6; downtown;
splendid building; pay« better than
bonds.
$52,000 — Two corners: li>6xl20 feet: close to Van
Ness ave. and McAllister St.
$40.000 — Corner; modern buildings; pays 8 per
cent net: lot 80x137:6.
$20,000— Corner; 60 feet front; vicinity Jones
and Geary sts. ; choicest corner In this
district.
$22,000—75 feet front on Sixth Bt. : 4 store* and
8 flats; rents $2400 per year.
$25,000— Corner: three stores and flats; lot &5x
95 feet; rents $200.
$18,000— Geary St.; new Improvements; rents
$150.
$12,500 — McAllister st. business property; »tor«»
and flats; rents $1020 annually; lot 30x
137:6 feet.
jin.noo— Rddy-st. flats; rents $35; 2 frontage*.
$S.0CO— Rents $70: new flats near Van Ne S s ave.
$4,600—1 nlca flats; rents $46; lot 30x115 feet.
CHOICE UNIMPROVED BARGAINS.
$35,000—27:5x137:6 feet; water front: S front-
ages; Stockton st. and North Point;
this is an ideal manufacturing site.
$30,000— 137:6x123 feet: northwest corner Gough
. and Clay ats. : magnificent residence
site; fine marine view.
$10,000— Southeast corner Market and Church
sts. : 61x108 feet; 2 car lines: want offer;
must sell.
A. M. SPECK A CO.. 867 Market at.
w. H. CRIM & CO.. 118 Montgomery it.
McAllister St., opDOslte City Hall; 5OxS7:8.
Potrero block: well located for manufactur-
ing or warehouse purpos«s.
liroodway, near Gough; 4 rooms and bath:
25x130.
$5500— A barpaln: Market it., near Church; 7
rooms and bath; 25x100.
Two neat cottages of 5 rooms and bath each;
liberal terms.
$6.V)0 — Thirteenth st., near Folaom; S fine flats;
larce lot.
$5250— Ftartlett St., near Twenty- fourth; S
rooms; bath; 30x117:6 to alley; stable.
$6000— Second St.. near Brannan; store and
flat: 23xRft.
$4250 — 10th St., nr. Folsom; 2 flats; 25x102.
$2500— Diamond st., nr. 18th; 4 rooms, stable,
well: 40x125.
$1700— Hampshire it., near Tweoty-thlrd; 8
rooms; 2.1x100.
$1600— <^»rner Twenty-first and Colltngwood
$i25O-^Lirjerty st., near Dolores; 22x114.
$12;*— I/Ots on Bryant st.. near Eig-hteenth, 33
xlOO; street accepted.
$1000 — Cottage of 7 rooms and bath: Bears at..
Ocean View; part cash.
$130 — 4 lots in University Homestead; 100x100.
Cheap lots on Installments; no Interest.
JOHN PFORR. 403 Pine st.
Opposite Nevada Bank
$5750— Rents $52S per annum; store and 2 flats;
on a prominent street.
$20,000— A first-class property for which $35,-
000 was offered 8 years ago and declined; Mis-
sion st.. a few doors east of Sixth; 45xS0 feet;
Improved; a pickup, and the price of. which
may be shaded to settle an estate.
$S0OO— Rents $780 per annum; 4 fine flats on a
coming business street; lot 60x80 feet.
Nine lots of 23 feet front each, on Thirteenth
st. and Clinton Park, close to Valencia St.;
will be sold at a bargain.
$10,000— Rents $120 per month; a splendid cor-
ner property; always rented; large lot.
$3000— Rent $32; a double flat In the front
house and a cottage In the rear; south Market.
$3300 — A splendid pick-up: rent $360 per an-
num; store and flats; a pick-up.
$8000— Rent S7S0 per annum; on Flllmore St.;
4 fine flats; lot 50x80.
FOR sale cheap — New 7-room modern colonial
house; large lot. Fourteenth st., bet. Castro
and Noe; open to-day; terms.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
We have secured choice Richmond and Sun-
set Lots.
DO YOU WANT BARGAINS? CALL QUICK.
Convenient Electric Car Lines to our Lou.
$300 to $S00 — Sunset Lots, opposite new Music
Stand; graded, only $10 monthly.
$400 to $700— Splendid Richmond Lots, streets
graded and sewered; easy Install-
ments. '"•,•.•
$75 to $250 — Level Lots near Mission Electric
Car Line, only 15 monthly.
$500 to $1.000— Splendid Cottages near Cars.
Payments same as rent.
SOL. GETZ & BROTHER.
Room A. Crocker Building.
THE choicest lots In Richmond; very desirable;
tf you are looking for lots to build a home on
yau must have one of these; location Is
everything; take your wife out and let her
decide, as she has to be home all day and
her satisfaction is your happiness ; these ara
ths cream of Richmond.
West Fide of Tenth ave.. close to Clement—
1 left; 2.->xl20; a pretty home on each side;
nice gardens; very choice; $S0O.
Sixth ave.. near Clement— 2 lots, 25x120;
very cheap and choice.
Eleventh ave., close to Clement— t lots, 25
X120; $800 ei»ch.
For terrr.s and particulars calt at office, as
I intend to sell these lots: all street work
done. W. J. GUNN.
530 California st.
C. C. BEMIS. Real Estate and General Land
Agent. 324 Montgomery at.
Make offer— Northeast corner Twenty-seventh
and Douglass sts.; must be sold; 80x114 feet.
tlCCO — North line Carl st., near Stanyan; 25x
137:6 feet. . .___ r^y-
ALL sorts ot financial problems solved by H.
MURPHY. 630 Market; 2d mortgages; estate..
FOR SALE— Great bargain; new 8-room park
residence; substantial; handsome; cheap;
terms to suit purchaser; owner on premise*.
£26 Clayton Ft., south of Hatght; electric cars
;ass the door.
WANTED for cash customer, property b«t.
Market. Sutter and Polk "ts. Spaying 7 per
cent W. E. BARNARD. 1118 Brdwy. Oakland.
MODERN houses built ;lowest prices ;plans and
enunciates furnished. CamDbell. U47 Ululon.
REAL ESTATE: — CITY — FOR SALE.
A BARGAIN: cottage of 4 rnnraa and bath;
hard finish**!: level lot; 7-foot Hankeri bas- -
mem; Siren ; $250 down. 4C3 Bank ft .. near
Cortlanrt ave. ___
$15.(K:0— CORXL'R 'ot. lOOxi; 1 ): new hulLltn-.
grocery and bar. srrok an! flN'ur?*: ->n »n>
of car line: clearing J3C0 mo. PP~ HI* r "a"
UKAI, ESTATE — COUXTKY — For ssle
ATTENTION, HOJIESEKKERS.
We d-stre to call the attention of Intending
buyers of country lands to *->m<» bargains !n In-
come rrrwiucinst orchard, vineyard, grain ana
;ito<-k farms, many of which ar» bank foreclos-
ure*, thnt we have for salt*. Mr. Duab, bavin?
had forty yrars' kno7.-l*vl*e ar-.l experience <>f
the vnlup of Und-" nml beine IV.? owner of an
inrome-prcHiuflnK orchard an! xln^vanl. oan lr>-
relliRently direct int»niiinc r.uypr» to th* best
laml.s and best l>nrfr,:iins In the Stato. fall or
write for what you want.
DAVID IH'SII & SON. It Post ft.
A CIIKAP little ranch of SI acres, near rnll-
roarl town. Alameda County; hou«><\ barn,
poultry hruies. plenty of good wat*r. <¦<•*
of this. H. II. CRANE. £M Calif.
1S7 AfUKS No. 1 lr»nd. 2 miles from railroad
town. Alsmnla County, house, barn, etc.;
well watered; a *r>!"n.l!i1 farm; pries fduce^l
t > I12.W). H. II. (T.AXE, BCS California *t.
,-j-i-Y prO p,- r t v Bnr j f ; jrm>« sold or ftr-tinnerd;
lists free. Marion Orlffln. 7I» Market, rm. 1.
SIAKIN Co., j« miles from S. F.-»4'J to W per
acre; choice lands In tracts of all sizes; Im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hav. grain.
trult and vecetabSe l.nncis: easy terms; rail
»nd water transit: good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO.. room 2. Sth floor. Mills bldg.. 3. >".
FOR sale— Only one chance In a lifetime; a
corner lot, about V-n hy ISO; opposite 3. P.
depot: for hotel, restaurant and salivin: no
competition within S Mntks. Apply to F.
A. COOPKR. ?ar.ta Hosa. Cat. __
J2-00— FOR sale; house of 4 rooms: upper flnt
anH strre with 2 rooms: lot IS^xf. 1 *: rents 115:
at 7 Decatur st. Apply 5 Decatur j«t.
ACCURATE perscn.il knowledge— each Of the
I0OO ranches on my SALE and EXCHAN'OB
list. More than all other agents In this city.
N. D. SICKELS. ttw land agent. « Geary **¦
J1S0O— ICO acres: ranch: slightly Improved: S
miles east from Redding. Call 10Q0 Noe ft.
FOR sale— About S acres of land, near Colma.
San Mateo County. 4t5 Valencia st.
CHKAPFST and be»t In America— Th«» Weeklv
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th»
United States or Canada one year for SI.
rosta*e raid.
aiamedaIdyertTsements
ALAMF.DA RRAL ESTATE*
*:5iv- LOTS r>xlM: 14>> cash. J10 p*r month: lot*
anywhere In Alameda or will furnish p!ans
and build on terms to suit. J. H. TOL'Ml.
Builder. U43 Park st.
BARGAINS In Improved and unimproved Ala-
meda real estate In all parts of Alameda r>n
easy terms. Alameda Land Company, 1500
Park St.. Alameda; 20 Post St.. San Franclsc- ..
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
llKRKKI.KV REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS OFFERED BT f>. G. MAT _ CO.
$*50 — 5-room cottage: street Improved.
$1230 — Pretty home; facing south.
$2000— 7-room house; rents for $16.>rt.
12600— New home of 5 rooms antl basement.
SC_»— New little dream of a home. *
S35OO — Up to date; 3 rooms, etc.
14750 — Cannot be beaten for a bargain: 11
rooms, etc.
$3000— New modern shingled house.
J350O— You ought to see this place; corner lot;
t blocks of V. C.
S5000 — Here, is a chance In a Hfetlme: corner
lot; 100x123; street improved both sides;
house 7 rooms; situate In the llllleKasa
Tract; cost over $6000.
O. G. MAY & CO.. Agents.
Berkeley Station.
S-ino— FINE three-room cottage In irool order;
good well and pump; few fruit trees; all
fenced; 3 blocks to cars: KO cash, balance |10
per month. "W. C. MORAN.
JCSOQ— 8-ROOM house; corner lot: 43x100:3 block*
to cars: will sell on easy terms or will trad >
for a ranch worth $'.6'K>; balance mortgr»<^
payable 112 SO r*r month. W. C. MOKAN.
$2000— ONLY 1 more of these new 5-room cot-
tages left; only $103 down, balance same as
rent; $20 per month. W. C. MORAN.
SEE some of the cottages I have for r»nt, »S
to $20 per month. \V. C. MORAN, Lortn sta-
tion, Berkeley, Cal.
ALL PROPERTIES OFFERED ARE BAR-
GAINS.
$100 — Lot* Eaat Berkeley, n'lir cars.
$730— Lot; almost an acre: East Berkeley.
$1000— Lot 50 feet front: Illlleuass Tract.
$900— Lot 50 feet front; T'lrjrraph ave.
$jino — House 7 rooms; mo<lrrn; near locnl.
$2700 — House 6 rooms; splendid finish; Gravest.
H. B. PINNETT. opposite local station. Berke-
ley-
$1200 — HOUSE of 4 rooms, grvod barn and out-
houses; large lot. with good orchard, yielding
I2C0 per year fruit: thH place la jne bloc*
from station: a very rare chance for som*
on*. Take Berkeley train, get off at LorSn
and ask for RUDOLPH. PERKINS * LYON.
$1000— 5- room house, one hlock from Telf.-
graph . ave. ; good house, tank, tower, we'.!,
pump, garden and large lot: fenced: terms to
¦ult; Lortn station, Berkeley. RUDOLPH,
PERKINS A LYON.
FDR sale— In Berkeley; new 5-room cotta<«\
with bath, basement, porch on three sides;
lot 40x122; street work done: one minute's
walk to station; $500 cash: balance «<¦• '> at
$12 60 per month. Address Owner, box 43.--P.
Call otflc*.
$2150— NEW 5-room house, with all modern Im-
provements: corner lot frontln? Telegraph,
Apply "to MASON A M6LENATHEX. adj'ol'n-
lng P. O.. Berkeley station.
TO let, per month— Houjh. ba/n. chlcken-hcu?*.
2 acres of land In Berkeley for chicken rais-
ing. Apply at 7 Van Ness ave.. San Fran.
ALTA PUSTA TRACT— San Pablo ave.. 3
miles north of Berkeley; $150 to $230 per acre;
lots $C0 to $120 each: $3 a month: call for
maps. G. W. HAIGHT. 401 California St.. fl.F.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekiv
Call. IS pages, sent to any address In thn
United States or Canada on» year for $1.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE,
WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
9<i3 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
DO YOU
WANT A COTTAGE
$2SM> J2«>
BEST IN OAKLAND.
Just completed; a very hanilsomo cottage -<t
5 rooms and bath: large reception hall: front
veranda: dug basement. cement>-d. with laun-
dry, porcelain bath and sink; window shaile».
gas fixtures; will be ready to move Into in
about ten daysr; the lot Is 43x116: on sunny sid*
of street; near car line; fine neighborhood.
WILLIAM J. DINOEE.
903 Broadway. Oakland.
BANK PALES.
AND OTHER BIO BARGArN3.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN & CO..
1C08 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
$W0— Lot 3nsU0 on Nineteenth street.
$1350— Cottage of 6 rooms, high basement: lo\
90x140; In Golden Gate, near cars and trains:
sacrifice price.
$4000—10 roomi: corner: 45x110; few minutes'
walk from the City Hall: title perfect: always
rented; street work done: right down town.
$361 «>— Cottage of 7 rooms, large lot (corner).
lOOxlJO; elevated ground: sunny, warm location
In East Oakland; one block tn cars and school:
street work done: a big bargain.
$1800— Near Telegraph arre. can: 7 rooms:
sunny front: lot 37x130; price reduced, for quick
sale.
$22CO— EaMlake cottage. < rooms and hUh,
bailment in the heart of town; rents for $13;
worth more.
For Additional Classified AdvsxtUo-
meats See Page Thirty."Just as the sun begins to sink behind
the distant hills, and I come to the conclu
sion that It's really evening, the printers
come along, and, having just got up, their
greeting is also 'Good morning.' I've come
to the conclusion that Park Row is a lanrl
of perpetual sunshine. If a man should
happen to pop in and say 'Good evening'
or 'Good night.' I know that he Is not cor.«j
netted with the newspapers."— New Tor»r
Times.
"It's always morning on Newspaper
Row," said the elevator man philosopher
the other day. "Along about S o'clock tho
business office force comes down, and tha
tenants of the offices in the building, and
their natural greeting is 'Good morning.'
Then about 1 o'clock the reporters begin
to drift In, and it's 'Good morning* again.
It Is Always Morning There.
The word canard does not only mean tha
water fowl beloved by gourmets; it also
signifies a little lump of sugar dipped In
brandy and often taken by the fair sex
with their after-dinner coffee. Journal
istically it implies a bit of pseudo news
which owes more to the imagination than
to the sen?e of veracity of the author.
The accounts of the distortion of the
original sense of the word into its jour
nalistic meanings are many. One thine
is. however, certain. Three centuries and
three-quarters ceo the news criers of
Flanders shouted in the streets, "The
canard of the battle of Pavia." where
Francois I, at the head of his Frenchmen.
was defeated by the Cor.n<*table de Bour
bon. — London illustrated News.
The Word Canard.
"American oars are made in twenty or
twenty-tive factories, situated principally
in the Western States east of the Mis
sissippi River, where large forests furnish
the best timber for their manufacture.
Oars are made almost wholly by machin
ery, only a small amount of handwork
being done in finishing them. There are
three varieties of woods used in making
oars. Those intended for working pur
poses are made of ash and oak In lensrths
varying from six to twenty-four feet,
"Very few people, except, perhaps, pro
fessional and amateur boatmen, are aware
that American-made oars are the finest
in the world," said a leading wholesale
dealer In oars in New York to a Star
writer recently. "At home and abroad,
wherever there Is water and small boats
are used, our oars are celebrated for their
lightness, strength, durability and beauty
of finish, and as many as 600,000 pairs, or
about 6.000.000 feet of oars, are manufac
tured In this country every year. Xearly
two-thirds of the product is sold to boat
men and fishermen living on the borders
of the great lakes and sea coast towns
and cities of the United States, and the
rest is exported to England, Germany,
Russia, France, Italy and Scotland. In
all of these countries' the superior quali
ties of our oars are, among oarsmen, free
ly acknowledged, and in many of the for
eign navies they are so highly esteemed
that they are either largely or exclusively
used. For instance, 6$00 plece3, or all
the oars used on British war vessels, are
purchased in this country. The next
largest foreign buyers of our oara are
the French and Italian governments, each
of which has a standing order with a New
York dealer to supply Its navy with 5200
pieces annually.
tho World.
They Are Exported to All Parts of
AMERICAN OARS.
while those used by people for pleasure
are made of spruce in lengths varying
from six to fourteen feet. Oars are solcl
by the length, and are worth from 4 cents
to 13 cents per foot, according to tho
quality and finish of the article."—Wash
ington Star.
Emmanuel Baptist. Bartlett "treet. near
Twenty-third— Rev. J. George Gibson.
First Baptist. Eddy street, between Jones
and Leavenworth— Rev. E. A. \% oods.
Et. Ignatlua. Van Ness avenue and Hayes
street— Jesuit Fathers.
Holy Cross, Eddy street, near Scott— Rev.
Father McGinty.
St Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue and
O'Farrell street— Rev. Father Prendergast.
V.G.
First Christian. Twelfth street, between
Howard and Mission— Rev. F. S. Ford.
Olivet Congregational, Seventeenth and Noe
streets — Rev. H. T. Shepard.
Third Congregational, Fifteenth street, near
Mission-Rev. William Rader.
Richmond Cohf?re£atlonal. corner Seventh
.avenue and Clement street — Rev. Philip
Cocmbe.
First Congregational, corner Post and Ma
son streets — Rev. George C. Adams.
Central Methodist, Mission street, between
Sixth and Seventh-Rev. S. D. Hutslnpil
ler.
Slmp&on Memorial M. E., corner Hayea and
Buchanan streets— Rev. John Stephens.
First M. E., Powell street, near Washing
ton—Rev, w. S. Urmy.
California Street M. ; E., California and
Broderlck streets—Rev. A. C. Baao.
Trinity M. E.. corner Market. Sixteenth and
Noe streets — R«v. Milton D. Buck.
Richmond M. E., Fourth avenue, between
Point Lobos avenue and Clement street-
Rev. A. E. Ulrlch.
Potrero M. E., Tennessee street, near So
lano—Rev. S. M. Woodward.
Epworth M. E., corner Church and Twenty
sixth streets — Rev. W. M. Woodward.
Fifteenth Avenue M. E., South San Fran
clsco— Rev. Arthur Anderson.
Grae» M. E.. corner Twenty-first and Capo
. Btreots— Rev. J. X. Beard.
First Church of Christ, Scientist, 223 Sutter
street, between Kearny street and Grant
avenue— The Bible and Science and Health,
With Key to the Scriptures.
Memorial Presbyterian. Eighteenth avenue
South and Latona street— Rav. H. N.
Bevier.
Westminster Presbyterian, Page and Web
ster streets— Rev. E. II. Avery.
Calvary Presbyterian, corner Geary and
Powell streets— Rev. John Hemphlll.
Trinity, Bush and Gough streets— Rev.
Frederick W, Clampett.
Second Unitarian, corner Capp and Twenti
eth streets— Rev. E. M. S. Ilodein.
First Unitarian, southwest corner Geary and
Franklin streets— Rev. Bradford Leavltt.
First English Lutheran, 1319 Geary street-
Rev. E. Nelander.
St. Luke's. Van Ness avenua and Clay
street.
Morning— "Human Pity." Evening— "Stron«
Tcure Men." N
Morning— "The Prodigal's Lament." Even
ing— Preaching. '<. ' . --¦ .
Mornlns— Rev. Father Mulligan. S. J.. will
preach at 10:30 mass. Evening— v capers
and discourse by Rev. Father Woods, b. J.
Morning— Rev. Father McQuade will preach
at 11 o'clock mass. Evening— Vespers ana
sermon try pastor.
Morning— Rev. Edward Dercpxey will de
liver sermon at 11 o'clock mass. Evening—
Icev. J. B. Ilannisan will preach.
Morning— "Jannes and Jambres." Evening
—"A Christian Monopoly."
Morning— "Self Praise." Evnins- "Duty
and Policy." _^^____— -
Morning— "The Dimensions of a Life."
Evening— "John Knox the Prophet of tn«
Scotch."
Mornlne— Preaching; by Rev. John Bennett
Anderson. Evening— Preaching.
Morning— "Helps Toward Christian Ltrln*."
Evening;—' The "Work ot th« Young Men »
Christian Association."
Morning— "The Forward March." Eveatcj—
"Tha Kingdom and th« Young Man."
Morning— "Prepare the "Way." ETeninr—
"A Godless WorldV^
Morning— "The Church's Call and Ood'« Re
sponse." Evening— "A V«lled Goapel. or
Blind in the SunllKht."
Morning— "The Battl» Cry of Victory."
Evening— "This City far Christ."
Mornlng-'TTis Only Remedy for Sin."
Evening — "An Unruly Evil: Every On*
Ha» It; No On* Can Tame It."
Morning— "Moses for Israel" Breatar—
"Seeking Christ Early la Life."
Moroins— Preaching. Evening— Sam«.
Morning— Preaching. Evening— Sam*.
Morning— Pwachlag. Evening— Sam*.
Morning— "Th» Golden Opportunity." Evaa
infr— Vreachlng by Kev. E. II. McKay of
Boston.
Morning— "Unreality." Evening— No ser
vices.
Morning— "Christ the Trua Revelation of
God." Evening— "What»o«ver Thlags Ar»
of a Gcod Report."
Morning — Preaching. Evening — Addreasea,
Morning— Preaching. Evening— Same.
Morning — Services. Evening — Prayer.
Morning— "The Saving Power of tha Jfew
Spirit," by Rev. Geoi°ga Dodson of Alsv
meda. Evening — Rev. A. J. Wells will lec
ture on "Inherited Delusions and Super
stitions."
Morning — "Modern Knowledge and the
Bible." Evening — No services.
Morning— "The Bright Side of Life." Even
ing—"Crucifying the Christ."
Morning — Preaching. Evening— Same.
SERVICES THIS DAY
AT THE CHURCHES
Charles Dickens' Present- *%
Charles Dickens was always very fond
of children. One day he was walking in
the neighborhood of Gad's Hill, not long
after he had acquired his property there,
when he suddenly ran into a little girl
wheeling a doll's perambulator. In an in
stant the tiny vehicle was upset, the dolls
being thrown out.
It was a bad accident as far as they
were concerned, for wax heads and limbs
are not calculated to stand much hard
usage. The little maid burst into tears,
and, much to the novelist's sorrow, re
fused to be comforted.
"Then come home with me," Dickens
whispered, soothingly, "and we'll see if
we can't find some grand waxen lady in
silks and satins for you."
So back to the big house the two went,
and, sure enough, up In his children's
nursery he managed to discover a few
prettily dressed dolls. With these safely
tucked In her perambulator the little girl
trotted off.
' But It Is in the seqvel that the best part
of the story lies. The child's heart was
Bet on making some return for this.kind
ness, so her parents, who had not the
faintest suspicion of her friend's person
ality, took her to town to choose some
thing. Her choice fell eventually upon a
gorgeously bound book.
When Dickens the next day undid th«
parcel his 'small visitor brought him he
was surprised and delighted to see a copy
of "David Copperfleld."
Not until many years later, when they
met again in society, did the little girl
learn who the "kind gentleman" was. —
Spare Moments. /
PALACE HOTEL.
A Levtnsky, Stockton Airs Johnson. 8 Rafael
E C Webster. Pasadena A B Jones, Md
T J Kirk, Sacto S Billings, N Y
F L Forrester, Los An J D Sproul, N T
L M Thomas, Phlla H F Brown, N T
A Pease & w, Nome Mrs II F Brown. N T
W Van Scheeyver. Or U O Druse, N Y
Mrs Van Scheeyver. Or J L Montaman, Mass
S P Webster, Seattle M O Salmon, Boston
Miss Webster, Seattle R E Cranston, Folsom
II ooke, NY F Brooks, Manila
C W Harper. Seattle T Field. Monterey
L Hugh & w, Oregon lion C A Towne, Minn
S II Adams. Stanford R. Whitcomb excur-
W A Thurston.Presldio sion—
A W Kelly, Berkeley J N Brown & w
W A Foster, Berkeley Miss K Brown
J W Pearsall, N J J Williamson & w
Miss L Pearsall, N J Miss E C Williamson
Miss L C Pearaall. N J O F Siebert & w
J H Hayman & w, Ida' Miss B L Robinson
G J Denis, Los Angeles G D Robinson
J H Plummer, Toronto jC R Cass
Miss Plummer, Toronto Wm Froellch
W C Ward. London I It H Cook & w
F F Field & w, Eng Mrs J Ladd
S C ook, St Paul Mrs J Steele
F S Cook, St Paul A F Slmonds
W S Vail. Los Ang
B E Green, Los Ang A T Roeenhelm & w,
E Elssler. Chicago St Louis
G W Gray. Chicago D A Noonan, N Y
H R Wood, Phlla F S Johnson, S Rafael
GRAND HOTEL.
H W McCray, Cal M Roces, Manila
A Jackson, Decoto G E Gibson, USA
C T Prentiss. Sacto E S Hasklll. U S A
P D McPherson. Stkn W R Washburn, USA
E DInkelsplel. Sulsun W B Stafford, Manila
A C Westgate, Cal J K Remington. Cal
F M Warren Jr.. Ptld Dr A L Tibbett, Cal
E L Foulke, Gazelle Dr A S Trimmer. Cal
J B Menaacow, L Ans W White, Boston
E C Pendleton, Cal R F Johnson. Cal
J II Hayman, Idaho J S Perry. Petaluma
Mrs Hayman, Idaho J K Morzen, Nevada
W G Spencer. Los Ang W B Thomaa. Stkn
E W King, Ukiah S Mlchalas. N Mex
F J O'Brien, Sacto A Barmann, Stockton
E le Roy, wf, Cal C R Baxter, Mich
A Andrews, f. Cal E F W-ilorer. L Ang
J Finlayson, Cal L C Crasford, S Jose
Mrs H G Powers, Cal L R Poundstone, Cal
E L Falkenberg, Mo J Belber, Japan
J D Smith. Danville W K de Jarnatt, Cal
C N Garrard, Arizona, iMrs M Pullan, Cal
C D Murphy, Cal Miss Pullan, Cal
Mrs Murphy, Cal V B Abren. Manila
E S Brassard. Los Ang T Rocea. Manila
T C Abren, Manila R Koces, Manila
F B Abren. Manila
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
L Vest & w. Lakeport G D Nichols, Stockton
C Laws, Ohio J VermiUlon, Grldley
J Redpath. Seattle C P Rhodes, Beatrice-
E Barrera, w & d, San H Beat, Beatrice
Jose R E Edwards, arters
J D Roach, Los Ang II H Wells. Minn
J Ray. Los Angeles G Clark, Taku. hina
J R Patterson, Ogdcn J WUdman. Manila
S W Smith, Ogden C L Simpson, Manila
C Herman. Astoria A Sylvester, Fresno
W H McNulty, Stocktn I J Mulroy. San Jose
HOTEL ABRXVAI^S.
THE SAN FK ANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1900,
30
OAK, 125— Two nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping, tVt. »
OAK, 119 — Large sunny basement room; yard,
range; furnished for hskping; SS; upper, {7.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plarobeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
O'FARRELL, 742 — 2 to 4 nicely furnished room*
complete for housekeeping; S connecting, |16;
also tingle, IS.
BBKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
Tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PINE, 813, nr. Powell— S sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; sink; tub; gaa ranga; porch.
POLK. 1918 — S rooms for housekeeping, fur-
nished; $12. Inculre in barber shop under-
neath.
WILSON BROS., storage and moviner: covered
« vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
PACIFIC* Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 "lllmore st. ; phone Jackson 2S1.
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters; any make.
Write for orices to L. & M. ALEXANDER,
110 Montgomery Ft.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS~1Sr^rP^W^t^ErrS^W»
cell better machines for less money than any
house tn the city; rentals. S3. The Typewriter
Exchange, &2S California; telephone Main 266.
NEW typewriters, J5 down, $5 month payments,
REVALK, 409 California st
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 109 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company, will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market Gt.. on and after Mon-
day. October 1. 1900. Transfer books close
on Tuesday, September 25. 1900; at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
niVUlK.VU NOTICES.
Ehrenrelch H. Svendsen, 32, Bergen, Norway,
and Helca 8. Myhre, 18, Honolulu. I
John J. Humbert, 2L Topeka, Kans., and Mae
L. Wickes, 19. city.
Armln L. Kruser, 23. S26 Bush street, and
Llda Clark. 23. "Weatherford, Texas.
Edward A. Brooks, 24. 1118 Filbert street, and
Gabrielle Masson, 21, 1126 Vallejo street.
Michael G. Buckley, 21, city, and Kathrlne
Garcan, 21. Half moon Bay.
Adolph W. Ludeman. 22. 314U Kulton street,
and Frieda M. Hunecke, 22, 1003 Montgomery
avenue.
John F. Timmlns, 41, 1 Howard court, and
Georglana Foxall. 44. 419 Tenth street.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :
Onoroto Buchlgnlanl, 43, 249 Pacific street, and
Matilde Barsottl, 25. 219 Broadway.
Alexander W. Keegan. 20, 269 Xatoma street,
and Mary A. Noakes, 10, 1 Simpson place.
Herman Fairbanks, 21. Manchester, Cal., and
Frances M. Boyle, 2L Manchester, Cal.
James O. Farnsworth, 23, 3364 Twenty-first
street, and Abble V. Dare, 22. 3364 Twenty-first.
Arthur J. Ferguson. 22. 309 Van Ness avenue,
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
(Sunday), from Odd Fellows' Hall, corner
Seventh and Market streets, where gen-ices
will be held under the auspices of Hermann
Lodge No. 145. commencing at 2 o'clock. Re-
mains at. parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137
Mission street, between Seventh and Eighth.
RAMSEY— In Alameda. Cal.. September 21,
1900. Frances I., beloved wife of William M.
Ramsey, and daughter of Mrs. Isabelle Earle,
a native of Boston, Mass., aged 20 years 11
months and 21 days.
CyThe funeral services will take place
this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the chapel
of the crematory, I..O. O. F. Cemetery, San
Francisco.
RUDDELL— In this city. September 21. 1900.
Samuel J., beloved husband of the late Mar-
garet G. Ruddell, and father of Constance
Ruddell, a native of County Armagh, Ireland,
aged 38 years and 9 months.
IT7FVIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully incited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English. 41 Van Ness avenue, thence
to St. Ignatius Church. Hayes street, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SMITH— In thia city, September 20, 1900, Ada-
line A. Smith (late o* 5934 Eggleston avenue.
Chicago), mother of Dell D. and Fred O.
Smith. Mrs. Kttella M. Marshall and Miss
Villa II. Smith, a native of Ohio, aged 75
years. (Chicago and St. Joseph, Mich., papers
please copy.)
ICTFrlenils are respectfully Invited to at-
tend tho funeral services Tuesday next, at
2 o'clock, at the chapel of Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery.
WILLIAMS— In Oakland. September 22. 1900.
Nancy C. Williams, widow of the late John
N. Williams, mother of T. H. Healea. and
sister of Mrs. A. E. Kane of Salem. Or., a
native of Canada, aged £3 years.
tCTFrlenda and acquaintances aro respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral sen-Ices
this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the par-
lors of Albert Brown. 46S Thirteenth street.
Oakland. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
terj-.
WILSON— In Alameda, September 22, 1900,
David Joseph, son of David and Mary T.
Wilson, a native of Alameda, aged 6 months.
WILSON — In this city, September 22. 1900.
Emily Josephine Wilson, widow of the late
Samuel M. Wilson, and mother of John Scott
Wilson, Russell J. Wilson, Frank P. Wilson
and Mountford 8. Wilson, a native of St.
Genevleve, Mo., aged 70 years 7 months and
12 days.
(CT'Notlce of funeral hereafter.
WOODWORTH — In Alameda, September 21,
1900, Joseph Woodworth. aged 42 years.
CARD OF THANKS.
MOENNING — Tha undersigned hereby express
their thanks to all friends who took part In
the funeral services of their late wife and
mother, Lina Moennlng. They feel them-
selves under special obligations to the mem-
bers of Walhalla Rebekah Lodge No. 120,
1. O. O. F. G. MOE.VNIXO. Husband.
EMIL. OEORG and HERMANN MOEN-
NING, Children.
San Francisco, Sept. 22, 1900.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Only In seventeen States can a married
woman dispose of her separate and Inde-
pendent estate by will. In the remaining
twenty-eight States she must have the
consent of her husband before she can
will her own property as she may wish.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates anfi hours of sailing
without previous nntle».
TICKET OPFICE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palac* Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS ft CO.. Gen. Agents*
10 Market st., San Francisco.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose d»l
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La, Paz. Santa Rosalt.i
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m.. Tth of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders. .
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Ohl*po>. Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles)— 11 a.
m.. September 22. 26. 30, Oct. 4 and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Pert Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gavlota,
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles> and Newport— 9
a. m.. September 20. 24. 2S, Oct. 2. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m., Septem-
ber 20. IS, 30, Oct. 5. and every fifth day there-
after.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ Steamers leave Broadway
fefc^ wharf, San Francisco:
VCars*- or A!fl skan Ports — 11 a.m.,
H?|j7|2&k September 23, 2S, Oct. 3.
ws?rI»jEw»«i Change to company's steam-
rLkhTb£1 ers at battle.
bBsT#W For Victoria. Vancouver
fifigZKW^Sn 'H. C.). Port Town»»nii, Pe-
£^^»|8BSSl attle. Tacoma. Everett. Asa-
cortes and New Whatcom
k J" (Wash.). 11 a. m.. September
23. 28, Oct. 3 and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. R"y: at Seattle or Tacoma
to N. P. R'y; at Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
BOARD and rooms at 415 First St., near Har-
rison.
HAYES. «71— Nice front room with or without
board: In private family: terms reasonable.
GUERRERO, 114— Newly nicely furn. sunny
rooms, with board; very desirable: reasonable.
BOARD and room: home cooking; terms rea-
sonable. 11014 McAllister st.
ELDERLT lady wants sunny unfurnished bed-
room and kitchen: first-floor; state price.
Ail<1r#i>u box 4J40. Call office.
ROOMS WANTED.
CHEAPEST and bent tn America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, vent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for SI.
roafar* nald.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscriptlons has been established at 109*
Valencia st. •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
WASHINGTON, 1000— Women's rooming house;
sunny furn. rooms to let at reasonable rates.
S1500— Modern cottage of 4 rooms and bath,
front pc"ch, 7-ft. ba*ejnent. good well fruit
tre<s. chicken houses; lot lOOxlZJ; all fenced;
one. bltvk from electric cars.
j:GO>0— Modern 2-*tory house of 6 rooms and
tiat:i; flrr mantel; corner lot; near station;
xiiUFt stll at once.
t:fi^»— Chicken ranch of one acre: choice fruit
trees; house of 3 rooms and basement: barn; 12
chicken Iiouec*. 2 Incubators, brooder house,
chickens. ct<\ Fcr particulars apply to
H. A. PLEITNER, Fruitvale Station. Cal.
FOP. SALE ET H. A. PLEITNER.
$1.7*- For *ale In East Oakland: choice corner
lot. 2'*V'; er.ly 2 blocks from Clinton station:
ct>*r owner $C00.
JK55— Cozy cottage of 3 large rooms and bath,
rail, front and back porch, basement, etc; only
3 Mocks from local train; easy terms if desired.
fiiO— New cottage of 3 large rooms, high base-
tn»nt ; good brick foundation ; chicken house.
*-tr.; lot TSx'.OO, all fence*; $100 cash, balance
*srne as rer.t.
Jiooo-Cottage of 4 rooms and bath; station-
ary tub*, chicken house, fruit trees; lot 33x104:
connected vith mala fewer; only one block
from Fruitvale ave.
t'.030— N»-w bmsi of 4 rooms and bath, base-
ment, fruit trees; lot y>xlS0: splendid location.
JlKiO — Cottage of 4 rooms and hall; good well,
windmill «n<! tank: lot 00x120; all fenced; three
blocks from local train.
S11C0— Ka<-iifice; modern cottage of 5 rooms
and bath, basement, otc. : lot 5'jx14«; one block
from electric cars; must be sold; an opportu-
nity worth Investigating; $100 cash, balance
TURK. t29— Single room; bath; $5 per month:
private family.
TENTH. U9— Sunny front rooms; suitable for
two young gentlemen.
rUl'ITVALE HUAL 12STATE.
TAYLOR, CM— Large sunny front room, newly
furnished ; private house.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
SIXTH. 242— Nice sunny rooms, en suite or sin-
gle; rent reasonable.
SIXTH. 11— A neat front roem In private fam-
ily; gas, bath; rent only SS per month.
AN lnu eduction t» you from H. Schttlhaas, the
iumture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland
OAKLAXU FDUX1TCRB FOR SALE
SHIPLEY. 249— Large furnished front room. $8;
single room, St 50.
OAKU.Mj HOUSES TO LET.
GOOD houses. Get list from~GEO. TV. AUS-
TIN A- CO.. long Hroadway, Oakland.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis St.— Incandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and ladl-s'
parlor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 60; week, 12
to $S: month, $8 to 120; elevator on office
fioor: rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
SACRAMENTO. 13C3 — Three rooms; separate
entrance; large yard. Rent $7.
CHEAPEST and b«st in America— The Weekly
rail. 1« pages. B^nt to any address In th«
T n':~l £-nte<» or fsnada one year for SI.
ROSEDALE House. 319 and 3»1 Ellis st.-Rooms,
night t'c to 53. week tl 23 to (4; open night.
POST, 527— Nice large front room, furnished;
use of kitchen; 2 rooms, unfurnished. JS.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: electric lights; day, wk., mo.
FURNISHED or ur.furr.ished houw of S large
roomr ar-A tath; sanitary plumbtng; lot 50x
100; central location. Apply 538 19th st.. Oakld.
$::CfO— SOLD 2 years ago for J440O.
IIoub*. (s rooms, bath. etc. ; open plumbing-
large barn: let RzUS: street work compl-te :
Ai Ddcbborttood: 3 blocks to schools and cars-
neur lci'-al train and buniness renter; only $300
rsfh. l>a!ar.ce bark mortgage; seeing Is be-
lieving, ro call early before it Is sold.
J- S. MJSTKHB. 10C2 Broadway. Oakland.
NORWOOD. 611 Taylor — Furnished sunny
suites; also single rooms; terms reasonable.
OAK. 204 — Neatly furnished front room to let;
contleman preferred: reference.
JISCO— COTTAGE of S rooms and bath, barn
cemer.t basement and walk. 108 Fourth st'
OaA'.anJ.
NATOMA. 6C3V4. near Sixth— A bay-window
front parlor, suitable for 2 gentlemen; also
REED— WILLIAMS— In this city. September 17,
1900, by the Rev. J. Fuendellng. Ezra Reed of
Gerbervllle, Humboldt County, Cal., and
Narcissa It. Williams of Brandenburg, Meade
County, Ky.
ROSENBLOUGH— STEINH ART— In this city,
September 16. 1900. by the Rev. Mr. Cohn.
Henry Rosenblough and Paulino Stelnhart,
both of San Francisco.
LAWSON— HOLLMAN— In this city, Septem-
ber 8, 1900, by the Rev. J. George Gibson,
Walter S. Lawson and Adella May Hollman,
both of San Francisco.
LIND— KANE— In this city, August 27. 1900.
Thomas Howard Llnd and Lulu M. Kane.
MILTON— CRANDALL— At. the home of the
bride's parents, Aloha Cottage, Sausallto,
Cal., September 17, 1S00, by the Rev. J. A.
Gardiner. Thomas Slocum Milton of San
Francisco and Mlna Adelaide Crandall of
Sausallto, Cal.
PETERSEN— WARNCKE— In Piedmont. Sep-
tember 15, 1900, by the Rev. J. H. Thelss,
Hans Christian Petersen and Margaretha M.
HUMBERT— WICKES— In this city. September
22, 1900, by the Rev. John Stephens, John J.
Humbert of Topeka. Kans., and Mae Louise
BRANCH— GRADY— In this city. September 12.
1S00. at St. Mary's Cathedral, by the Rev.
Father Ramm, George H. Branch and Mary
Grady, both of San Francisco. '
EDWARDS— LAWSON— In this city. September
8, 1900. by the Rev. J. George Gibson, F.
Ernest Edwards and Emma C. Lawson, both
MARRIED.
jrntiO — TO build now would cost $t000.
New Cnlon'.al house. T rooms etc., with every
up-to-date convenience; artistic and elegant-
terra red lawn; cement coping; ornamental
EnrubberT; sweJi neighborhood; *unny; 3 blocks
it desired; own«-r must sell; call early.
J- S- METER. 11X3 Broadway, Oakland.
MISSION, 1514, near 11th— Sunny front single
room; private family; $1 25 per week.
MINNA, 712%. near Eighth— Unfurnished bed-
room* and kitchen; clean and sunny; rent $5.
MINNA, 667, cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient.
MARKET. 76j — Rooms suitable for business;
other rooms by day. week or month.
LAS PALMAS. IS20 Market st.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private ; bath; sin. rms.; board optional.
1$ EfOOeisfl an/J cottages for eale. acquired by
t<onk mcrtcar* that I am auth^iiiM to sell:
eaFy ktiiif; s-.tre fame as rent; send or call
for whet you want.
Ranches for sale from 10 acres to S0.000 acres.
Thirty-page catalogue cf homes.
E. T.. Bt'NCn.
Removed to 53 Broadway. Oakland.
12100— J1O0 CASH. 125 p*r month; modern two-
ftOTy bans* of S rooms; Just flniFhed; com-
plete in every detail; finely situated on cor-
ner l.-.t; cars pass the door. UELDEX &
OOOK. Washington and Fourteenth sts
LARKIN. 1309— Furnished rooms; suitable 1 or
2: $6; housekeeping privileges.
LARKIN. 707 — Private family; newly furnished
double parlors; sunny; bay window; (16;
ndults only.
HOWARD, 1609, near Twelfth — Sunny alcove
room, rultatle for two; new and reasonable.
JUST open; furnished rooms; {3 per month and
upward. 267 Minna st.
HOWARD. E29— Rooms from tl week up to $3;
25c to $1 nieht: also housekeeping rooms.
$:4fA_jioO CASH. J25 per month: new two-story
dwelling of 8 rooms; porceiala bath, tiled
pink and fin* mantel; located on larpe lot In
exollfnt neighborhood: close to local trains
snd cur lin^s. CELDEX &; 'TOOK, Wash-
ington and Fourteenth sts.
HOWARD, 714 — Single rooms. $4 and S5 month;
alfo sunny basement for housekeeping.
HAYES, 136— Single sunny room for gentleman;
rent 16.
HARRISON. 784'4. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
homelike; Jl week up.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
ar.d Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
tingle; ladles' parlor: reading-room; elevator.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 262— Elegantly furnished
sunny front room; cheap.
GEARY, 1133— Large bay-window front room;
phone; reference.
GEARY. B56 — Elecant front parlor; piano;
buites; other pleasant rms.; phone; light hkpg.
1173 CASH— $7 SO monthly till p^id; cory cot-
tatte of 3 rooms: newly built; 4 fine lots;
chicken-houses, ehed and chicken run; lots
all tenced; flr.e well of pure water; street
rnaca/!a.miie4; near a fine boulevard 3 elec-
tric car llrt«*s ard model public school: no
cold winds nor frg; site grand; soil and cli-
mate the very »*st; 60 families located with-
in C'r rears; now town hall built; new church
now bf>!ns erected; Fruitvale, adjoining East
Oaklar.d; price all told. $790. Fee this bar-
pain at ence; call cr erad for circular. 4T.Z
Bevectb rt.. OaJiIand; carriage free. H. Z.
JONES. Owner.
te*t d^pth may be had; yrice all told. {2475;
n*-:-r lo<-&I and electric car lines: soil the Lest:
*it» Ui» grandest; ciimate superb. Call or
sen.i for circular. IS Seventh «., Oakland;
carriage free. H. Z. JONES. Landowner.
*.Wh-$:s MONTHLY till paid will buy a new
i'a strry villa sunshine cottage In Fruitvale;
best site in the w holt district; lot 105x115; 230
* BORN.
ARTHUR— In this city, September 17, 1300. to
the wife of Thomas Oscar Arthur, a son.
CRANE— In this city. September 8. 1900, to the
wife cf Dennis F. Crane, a son.
DIEHL— In this city, to the wife of J. C. Dlehl.
a daughter.
ENGLER— In this city. September 18. 1900, to
the wife of J. W. Engler, a son.
FLOETHE— In this city. September 20, 1900, to
the wife cf R. Floethe, a daughter.
GAUCH— In this city. September 15, 1900, to the
wife cf Adam Gauch, a daughter.
GRISSIM— In this city, to the wife of Montgom-
ery (irissim, a daughter.
HARNEY— In this city. August 10. 1900, to the
wife of P. J. Harney. a daughter.
HEDRICK— In this city, September 30, 1900, to
the wife of F. H. Hedrick, a son.
JONES— In thla city, September 18, 1900. to the
wife of Ansel H. Jones, a daughter.
KATZ— In this city, September 11. 1900, to th«
wife of Lt-R. Katz, a son.
KOENIG— In this city, to the wife of Albert
Koenli, a son.
MAERTINS— In this city. September 18, 1900, to
th« wife of Richard Maertins. a daughter.
MAESET- In San Rafael. September 20, 1300, to
the wife of H. A. Massey, a son.
SOUTHER-In this city, September 10, 1300, to
the wife of Edgar Souther, a daughter.
STEINBERG — In Oakland, to the wife of Myer
Steinberg, a son.
VORBE— In this city, September 22, 1900, to the
wife of A. F. Vorbe, a eon.
WESTERLUND— In this city. September 21.
1300, to the wife of John Weeterlund, a daugh-
ter.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
EIRTHS—MARRIAaES— DEATHS.
CAPITALISTS, attention— A building site you
mig'it seek for age6 and ne\ - er find !ts equal;
corner Seventeenth eve. and Eighteenth St.,
npj-osito Jri'lex^nd^nce Park. East Oakland;
lot 110x140; from its apex. ea»y of access, the
Furri>un<iir.g- hills, valleys and waters form
on-> K:anJ panorama; rauft be seen to be ap-
rr* elated; the right party desiring to build,
inducements will be offf red. 455 Seventh st.,
OJcUnd. H. Z. JONES.
3 PLEASANT sunny housekeeping rooms; rent
cheap. 114 Le Roy j.Iai:i>. oft Sacramento.
JT A MONTH; sitting and bed room, with klteh-
en: nicely furnished; sunny. Box 4454; Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C56 Va-
lencia St.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The. Weekly Call,
18 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
ROOMS TO LET Knrn. and I'nfurn.
A^BRUXSwlc3TH«i«ri^
to $1 per night; $1 25 to tt per week, and light
housekeeping ; open all nleht.
A QUIET and respectable home for light house-
keeping; suites {16 up; bath; telephocr. St.
James, McAllister and Lacuna. Ets. f
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. EM (The Elk)— Changed hands, newly
renovated, nicely furn. eunny rms., 11 60 to \1
week; 2Sc to « £0 night. MRS. P. RAXFT.
BUSH. 2133. corner Flllmore — Large sunny front
room, unfurnished: stationary warhstand.
BRYANT. 1606, near Fifteenth— 4 large eunny
rooms, with stable, $12; without, $10; water
free;
CALIFORNIA. S32. near Powell— Furnished
handsome sunny parlors or rooms.
CAPP. 107— Sunny furnished front room for
R-entlTnan In private family; bath.
CLARA. 141 A — L&rge sunny front room; suit-
able for one or two gentlemen; $5.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason-Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
trance — 3 unfurnished rooms for housekeeping.
VAN NESS ave., 815— Parlor suite and kitchen;
bath: sun all day; yard, ete.| "
THIRTEENTH. i». nr. Valencia— Sunny fur-
nished housekeeping room; stove and water;
STEVENSON, ML bet 6th and 7th-2 upper
sunny furnished housekeeping rooms.
POWELL, 1401 — 2 or S large sunny rooms, con-
nected, for housekeeping; sink, gaa and bath.
NOE. 153—4 sunny connecting rooms; gaa
ranee, grate, bath: lower flat; J14.
NICELY furnished front room, with privilege
of light housekeeping. 123 A O'Farrell st.
MINNA, 321—2 or 3 housekeeping rooms, com-
plete: also double and single; rent moderate.
MISSION. S24— Large rooms, $2. complete for
housekeeping; suites. $10; single, $1. -
MINNA, 28— Sunny furnished front rooms for
housekeeping, and single rooms; Tic and $1
i«r week.
LEWIS, 14, oft Taylor — 2 unfurnished rooms,
with bath, for housekeeping.
LARKIN, 804— Large Sunny back room, fur-
niehed tor housekeeping; J" 60.
HYDE. 40S — Sunny front parlors and kitchen;
also alcove for housekeeping; basement; $15.
HOWARD, 1042, bet. 6th and 7th— Nice sunny
housekeeping rooms; rent cheap.
HOT/ARD, ?23— Two larse parlors for light
housekeeping; also single rooms.
GEARY. 441— Large sunny room, suitable for
housekeeping: third floor: $S.
FOLSOM. 525— Large sunny furnished room;
light housekeeping; (1 75 week.
FELL, SGS— Nice sunny front room for light
housekeeping for lady.
OS« and Salesroom. 460 and 462 Elgftth St.,
Oakland.
12600 — Choicest I acres fruit, near Oakland;
Improved. LAYMANCE.
$:'Gi*— New; t rooms; Adeline station; g^ing
away. LAYMANCE. •
iii'OO — New; 7 rooms; fronts THei^raph, near
Berkeley. LAYMANCE.
t£wO— S2S0 cash; new; ? rooms; near P»-nator
Terkins. LAYMANCK.
$;500— Beautiful €-room cottage; Market ir.d
Nineteenth ftrrcts. LAYMANCE.
*;v (M j — >iew; 5 roomi; 31x123; choice; Clinton
ftaiion. LAYMANCE.
{^.¦v— Alameda; bank sale; fine home; rents
E». LAYMANCE.
C25f*— Near Franklin and Fourteenth sts. ; 5
rooms; snap. LAYMANCE.
|23M — LSank sale; sacrifice: new; 6 rooms; cor-
ner. LAYMANCE.
|2'W0— Market station; 2-story; 8 rooir.*; es-
tate. LAYMANCE.
KOOQ— Cozy 5-room homo near Telegraph ave-
nue. LAYMANCE.
J:7*n — Cory colonial; 6 rooms; new; near Tele-
graph. LAYMANCE.
J1650— I1W cash; $15 month; 2-story; 7 rooms;
60x12*; i>nap. LAYMANCE.
$li00— Near Seventh and Broadway; 2-story; (
roonif; eptate.
RMS — Near 6e\enth ir.d Broadway: 5 rooms;
estate. • LAYMANCE.
ilif>> — 51'X) cash; modern; S room*; 40x1*); near
Kation, LAYMANCE.
K-Ofr— House, 7 rooms; bath; North Oakland
station. LAYMANCE.
JS"» — Z'-l ave. station; eottace; « rooms: J100
cash. LAYMANCE.
1400— House, 2 rooms; 100x115; near rsxr; es-
tate. LAYMANCF:.
Call or write us. Information cheerfully given.
&5, COO— Oakland mansion; nearly two acrej;
bank sale. LAYMANCE.
il*.0m>— Central Oakland; cost S27.O00: elegant
home. LAYMANCE.
$13.000— Piedmont modt-rn home; li aurcs;
mot-tease iu.wo. LAYMANCE.
J16.>X>0— Cost JiJ.OOO; mctlern residence; block
Z")x2M. LAYMANCE.
tn.^00— Cost $25,000; magnificent home, 6 acres
ground. LAYMANCE.
SlO.isjty-Cott JlS.OW; beautiful East Oakland
h«ne. LAYMANCE.
1:2,000— Verr.on Heights home; unexcelled lo-
cation. LAYMANCE.
$Cjw — Modem Lakeside District home. 11
ro.iin«. LAYMANCE.
*6ili»— Bargain; rholc* »-room Lakeside cor-
r.er residence. LAY MANE.
}4^i>— Modem Lakeside district; S rooms;
for^cIOKUre LAYMANCK.
!¦'•- Xiw S rooms; M^CJure Heltrht*; Una
hor:i«. LAYMANCE,
J3100— perfect bridal home; 7 rooms; never
occ5!;iled. LAYMANCI2.
i .. .— Mo<Vm colonial; Adeline station; 7
rooms: terms LAYMANCE.
!-¦. . — tv-u cash; t rooms; sold once M500.
LAYMANCE.
JZ: '"-JC^O cash; cew; C rooms; choice; East
OakUtnd. LAYMANCE.
J2W»— £250 cash; new; ', rooms; Adeline na-
tion. LAYMANCK.
:.""."• — Hiebland Park; decant; £ rooms nOx
](.'; fi»;-r:3cfc.
LAYMANCE.
$:EC>-Nearly 1 acre; 6-room cottage; Twenty-
third avenue staxlon. <
IICO.OOO — Fine income business property; an
enate. LAYMANCE.
J^.OOO— Finest Investment In Oakland; brick
tlock. LAYMANCE.
SJv.00— Estate; corner: Ane futures: rents J&M.
LAYMANCE • .
j;l.r.00 — Rents tiCO; mortgage jt;;>uj; taks clear
borne: snap. LAYMANCF-
f-7^0 — Clay-street corner; rents $360.
LAYMANCE.
{"SO— S;cre and fiat; rents ?27 month.
LAYMANCE.
HOMES.
INVESTMENTS.
AX Oakland Hoaie or Investment.
EDDY, 915 (old number) — 3 or 4 unfurnished
sunnyrooms: fine location; private residence.
OAKLAM) REAL. ESTATE.
CUMBERLAND, BS— Warm belt of Mission; t
housekeeping rooms, with cook stove, bath,
gas and wash tubs; water free; reasonable.
HOO.IIS FOR HOCSEKEEPIXC.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
E7Frlends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
ETFriend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, at her late
residence In Irvlngton. Interment Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery In Irvlngton.
BARNETT— In this city, September 22, 1900.
Belle- Barnett, beloved wife of A. B. Barnett,
daughter of P. Abrahamson, and sister of
Mrs. I. Friedberg and Jose, Nana, Fanny
and Ben Abrahamson, a native of San Fran-
cisco.
ANDERSON— In Irvlngton, Alameda County.
September 21, 1300, Mrs. Margaret Anderson,
widow of the late Robert Anderson, and
mother of Miss Jennie Anderson. Mrs. L. I.
Beach and Robert Anderson, aged 72 years.
Anderson, Mrs. M. Lowenberg. Henrietta
Barnett. Belle Lupp. Annie
Barrows, Julia EV, McDonald. Hazel M.
Barry. Mollle E. MoOonald, John C.
Brady, Patrtck Mantel. Henry
Branban. Eliza W. Morely, Richard
Chase, Grace M. Murphy, t-'arah
Cooley, Verona M. ' O'Keefe, Bernlce L.
Cary. Patrick Oliver, William H.
D'Alameda, Jacob Oswald, Florence A.
De Clairmont.Rodalfo Parcellles. Charles
Delafleld, Alfred W. Pries. Louisa
Doud, J. O. Prlnz. Fritz
Downs. William E» Ramsey, Frances I.
Forcade. Joseph Ruddell. Samuel J.
Gibson. Charles Smith. Adaline A.
Gliddon, Grace Wilson, Emily J.
Grelf. Amalie B. M. Williams. Nancy C.
Hanjes. Annie . Wilson, DavW J.
Henquinet, Pierre J. Woodworth, Joseoh
DIED.
STABLES TO LET.
(Successor to Flannagan A Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth at, opposite Lincoln School. ,
Telephone South 80.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
LARGE stable with 3 Btall«; «ultabl» for eoal-
yard: rood neighborhood: rent $10. 1519 Turk.
TO LEASE.
CLAY. S421. near Flllmore— 2 large unfurnished
rooms; upper Hat; yard; water: rear; rent $7.
CATP. 10—3 large sunny nnfurnlehed rooir.a to
a quiet family without children.
CALIFORNIA, near Pom-ell — Sunny furnished
rooms or parlors; running water.
ROOMS FOR IIOUSEKEBriXG.
ARMY. Z526— 3 or 4 furnished or unfurnished
housekeepirg rooms; rent reasonable.
ROOMS AXD BOARD WASTED.
BY gent, room with or without board; glv©
vocal or piano lessons part payment Box
4949. Call office.
TO let— Tint roomi raltabU for ltcht manufac-
turing purpose*. Apply at 611 Sansome »t.
CLEMENTINA, £27-2 airy furnlthed room* for
housekeeping; man and wife.
OCEANIC 8. S. CO--HONOI.UT,U APIA
AUCKI«A>'I> a:Ti> SYDNEY.
S. S. MOANA (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
land and Austral'-*, Wed.. Oct. 3 9 d m
S. 3. AUSTRALIA •• nolulu only).. ...... ?'
W-dnesday. Oct. 17, 2 'p.* m.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts., 643 MarVe* S»
Pier 7. Foot Pacific SL Freight Office! 327 SSSst
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
Steamer "Montlcotla.*' • <¦
WON.. Tires.. Wed., Thur«. and Sat. at tls
m. m. S:13. 8:30 p. m. t«x. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. S
{•• m - Landing and office. Mlsslon-stroet Dock.
r . «^ - *• Tel «Dhone Main 1538.
PARE.... fA-
S0SPAG3I3 6E5ERALE TRAN3ATLAHTIQU2
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS U **
Palllr.sr every Thursday, lnst-ad of
Saturday, from November 2 1SD9 at *S^S«*J
10 a. m.. from Pier «. North RJver foot of
Morton street. LA CHAMPAGNE. <>nt '-'
LA. TOTTRAINE. Oct. 4: L'AQLlT\IXF^*of''
11: L> LORRAINE Oct B^Ki,^
ll?TF' ff * a<S °5 ward - Second elans to Havre,
J42 CO and upward. GENERAL AflF"\'fv VCtti
J^'IPI> STATES and CANADA^ V.^adwav
(Hudson building), N ew York. i. F. FVOAZI
& CO.. Pacific Coa* Agents. B Montgomery
avenue. San Frandaeo.
RED STAR LINE.
New York ?nd Antwer*>.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Friesland ........Oct. 31 Kensington .. Oct U
Fouthwark Oct. 10 Noordland ... Oct.* 31
Westernland ....Oct. IT; Southwark Nov II
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO
20 Montgomery Street
Stopping: nt fherbourjr. westbound.
From New Tork Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
Ft. Louis Oct 3 Kt. Louis Oct 21
New York Oct. 10 N>tt York Oct. 3t
St. Paul Oct. 17 St. Lotits Nov II
AMERICAN LINE.
ttw tors. socrM xpto* lcwm. p*sn
TOYO RISEN KAISHA,
STKAMKRS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
n*r First and Prannan streets, at 1 n. m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calllnr a't
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In
dia. etc. No cargo received on board on <la»
of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU
Saturday. Pert "mbVr*" 25* "iwn
SS. AMERICA MARC Wednesday Oc» 17 i™
SS. HONGKONG MARC....Tues f'-vVv & US
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tleketg at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company^ office-
4a Market street, corner of First °rnc».
W- H. AVERT. General Agent.
It is surely worth your while
to come and see our new, up-
to-date and exclusive lines.
Our new store contains every-
thing you care to see — every-
thing suitable and desirable in
the best of home furnishing.
Glad to show goods and talk
with you.
~V5-2i7 Sutter . St., Above Kearny.
Sefaloetci;
If you are at all interested in
Carpets,
Curtains,-
Mattings,
Linoleums, •
PADP Sl2 First Class •nciudlng 3>rth
I Hnr $8 Second Clns* nnd Meals.
PTATK OF CALIFORNIA sails.... Sept. 20. 30
COLUMBIA sail* Pent. 25, Oct.' 5
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points ' In the Northwest.
Through tickets to nil points Kast.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
£30 Market et.
GOODALL. PERKIN'S A CO.,
Superintendents.
From Prear-street Wharf at 11 A. M.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
T* O IR T X-, - A. 1ST TD
THE 0; R, % N. nn.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
VIA SEATTLE.
Stmr. John S. Kimball
Sails From Mission No. 1 Wharf
THURSDAY September 27. 1900
For freight and passage, K. S. 3. CO., 230
Market st.
KIMBALL S. S. CO.'S
FOR NOME, ALASKA,
310 SANSOME ST.
AJTD
ALASKA COMMERCIAL CO.,
Nome.
Saturday, September 29.
APPLY TO
St. Michael
FOB
STEAMER
"St. Paul"
lETFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Monday),
at 8 o'clock p. m., at his late residence, 604
Geary street. Interment private.
OSWALD— In this city. September 22, 1900, Flor-
ence Albertlne, dearly beloved and only child
of -John A. and Ingbyg Oswald, a native of
San Francisco, aged 2 years 3 months and 7
days. • . . — -
v E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at I o'clock, from the residence of
her parents. 310A ' Tehama street, between
.Fourth and Fifth. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
PARCEILLES— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, September 22, 1900, Charles Parceilles, a
native of California.
PRIES— In this city, September 22. 1900. Louisa,
dearly beloved daughter of William and Llz-
ile Pries, and sister of Willie. George, Alma
and Gertie Pries, a native of San Francisco,
aged 11 years G months and 19 days.
PRINZ— la this city. September 21. 1900, Fritz
Prlnz, a native of Germany, aged 42 years.
A member of Hermann Lodge No. 143. I. O.
O. F., and Walhalla Rebekah Lodge No. 130.
. 'I. O. O. F.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respert-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
tCTThe funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents, 15 Bourbln place, off Ellis street,
between Ptelner and Pierce. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
OLIVER— In this city, suddenly, September IS,
1900, William H. Oliver, only brother of Grace
M. M. Parshalle, a native of New York City,
aged 68 years. , (San Jose, Monterey and Wat-
Bonvllle, Cal., papers please copy.)
P. M. McGUSHIN. F. S.
MURPHY— In Oakland, September 22. 190i).
Sarah Murphy, beloved mother of Mrs. F.
Madden and the late J. C. Murphy, a native
of County Roscommon, Ireland.
O'KEEFE— In this city. September 22. 1900.
Bernice Loretta, beloved daughter of John F.
and Mary C. O'Keefe. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 4 months and 26 days.
iryFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to atterni the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his non. Max Mantel, 1315B Stelner street,
near Eddy. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
MORELY— In this city, September 21, 1900,
Richard, beloved husband of Bridget Morely,
a native of Ballyhannls, County Mayo, Ire-
land, aged 47 years and 6 months. (New
York papers please copy.)
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 7:50 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White. 122 Eddy street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing: at 8 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cress Cemetery.
TO the *of fleers and members of Court Inde-
pendence No. 104, • F. of A.: You are re-
• quested to attend the funeral of our »late
brother, Richard Morley, this day (Sunday),
at 7:30 o'clock, from the parlors of Porter &
White, 122 EOdy street. By order of
ET> E. KELLY, C. R,
E3"Frlends and "acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Craig & Cochran Company, 62-55 Mint
avenue. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
MANTEL— In this city, September 20, 19C0,
Henry, beloved husband of the late Louisa E.
Mantel, and father of Max, Eugene A., Emlle,
Henry R.. Elizabeth and Martha. Mantel, a
native of Germany, aged 65 years 11 months
and 4 days. A member of Valley Lodge No.
20, A. O. U. W.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invltM to attend the funeral Tuesday,
September 25, ftt 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 102.5 O'Farrell street. Interment Home
of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from.
¦ Third and Townsend streets.
LUPP-In this city. September 22, 1900, Annie,
beloved wife of Captain Frederick Lupp, aged
48 years.
BfrFrlends are invited to attend the funeral
to-morrow (Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the
undertaking parlors of McAvoy & Co., 1239
Market street. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
McDONALD— In this city. September 22. 1900.
Hazel M.. beloved daughter of Duncan and
Maud McDonald, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 month' and 22 days.
McDONALD— In this city, September 21, 1900.
John C. McDonald, beloved husband of Ellen
' E. McDonald, a native of Inverness-shire,
Scotland, aged 58 years and 11 days. (Detroit,
Mich., papers please copy.)
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock sharp, from his late
residence, 4 Virginia court, off Dupont street,
between California and Pine. Cremation at
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
LOWENBEItG— In this city. September 22, 1900.
Henrietta, 1 beloved wife of George Lowen-
berg. mother of Sarah. Florence, Sylvan. Fred
and Mabel Lowenberg, and sister of Mrs. E.
Heineman, Mrs. Saul Bauer, Mr. Moses Stern
and Fred Stern, n. native of Germany, aged
49 years 11 months and 17 days. (New YorK
papers please copy.)
cyFriendH and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tho funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2767 Twenty-first Btreet, between Har-
rison and Bryant. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
HENQUINET— In this city, September 20, 1900,
Pierre J. Henquinet, beloved husband of
Marie Louise Henquinet, and brother of John
Henquinet of Wisconsin and Louis Hen-
quinet of Belgium, a native of Belgium,
aged 65 years. A member of George Washing-
ton Lodge No. 21, F. and A. M., Green Bay,
Wis., and also a member of the French Be-
nevolent Society, San Francisco. (Green Bay,
Wis.. papers please copy.)
MRS. H. M. GREENE. Secretary.
HANJES— In this city, September 21. 1900, An-
nie, dearly beloved wife of A. F. Hanjes,
mother of Martha and Edna Hanjes, and sis-
ter of Charles H. Hencken. a native of San
Francisco, aged 34 years 6 months and 3
days.
EyJFYiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1616 Stockton street, thence to Native
Sons' Hall, 414 Mason street, ¦where services
will be held under the auspices of Buena
Vista Parlor No. 68, N. D. G. W., thence to
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members of Buena Vista Par-
lor No. 68, N. D. G. W. — You are hereby no-
tified to attend the funeral of our late sister,
Mollle B. M. Grelf, this day (Sunday), at
2 o'clock, at Native Sons' Hall, 414 Mason
street. By order of
EMMA BENING, President.
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the. funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1:20 o'clock, from the home
of her parents, 10 Hill street, between Valen-
cia and Guerrero. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery by carriage.
GREIF— In this clty» September 19. 1900, Ama-
lle B. M., dearly beloved wife of George M.
Grelf. daughter of Mr. and Mrs. R. Zundel.
and sister of Robert and Frank Zundel, a
native of San Francisco, aged 35 years 11
months and S days.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the undertak-
ing parlora of G. Iaccheri. 629 Broadway, be-
tween Stockton and Dupont streets.
GIBSON— In this city, September 22, 1900,
Charles, beloved husband of Lellla Gibson,
father of John and Frank Gibson, and brother
of Joseph, John and Delia Gibson and /Mrs.
R. Covey, a native of San Francisco, aged 38
years.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where
mass will be celebrated for the repose of hie
soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
GLIDDON— In this city. September 20. 1900,
Grace, beloved daughter of James W. and
Margaret Gliddon, sister of Gorden M., Percy
N., Stanley McFee, Hazel and Ruth Gllddon,
and niece of Captain and Mrs. J. R. McFee,
a native of Liverpool, England, aged IS years
E months and 22 days.
C7The funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his lata resi-
dence, 1608 Twenty-third avenue. Interment
private.
DOUD— In Nome. Alaska. September B. 1900.
J. O. Doud, formerly of Mendota, Cal., a na-
tive of Pennsylvania, aged S3 years.
DOWNS- In this city, September 22, 1900, Wil-
liam Edward, dearly beloved and only child
of Edward F. and Emma Downs, a native of
San Francisco, aged 2 months.
FORCADE— In Jackson. September 19, 1900, Jo-
seph Forcade, husband of Julllet Forcade (nee.
Bonafe), father of Mabel, Arthur and Walter
Forcade of Portland, Or., beloved son of Mrs.
C. Brlchet, and brother of Mrs. Maurice Dono-
van, Mrs. M. E. Fleming. Arthur Forcade and
Mrs. Dr. H. R. Morton, a native of Havana,
aged 4-7 years. (Portland, Or., papers please
copy.)
(Sunday), at 10:15 o'clock, from the family
residence, 1022 Hyde street. Interment Hills
of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets. Please
omit flowers.
BARROWS — In Nordhoff, Cal., Julia K.
Barrows, beloved wife of Frank P. Barrows,
and beloved daughter of S. S. Smith and J.
C. Smith, a native of San Francisco, aged 44
years. , •
BARRY— In this city, September 22. 1900. Mol-
lie E., beloved daughter of William and the
late Ella Barry, and sister of William J.
Barry, a native of San Francisco, aged 23
years.
CT'Remalns at the parlors of J. C O'Con-
nor & Co., 7€7 Mission street. Notice of fu-
neral hereafter.
BRADY— In this city, September 22. 1900. Pat-
rick Brady, a native of County Longford, Ire-
• land, aeed S4 years.
BRANBAN— In Oakland, September 22. 1900,
Eliza Wickson Branban, wife of the late Au-
gust Branban, and sister of E. J. and Q. G.
Wickson and Mrs. A. A. Alltvolth. a native
of New York, aged 49 years.
CHASE— In this city, September 21, 1900, Grace
Marian, beloved daughter of the late Dr. Rob-
ert P. and Elizabeth R. Chase, and sister of
Robert P. and H. O. Chase, a native of San
Francisco, aged 40 years 1 month and 4 days.
COOLEY— In Berkeley, September 22. 1900. Ve-
rona March Cooley, aged & months and 24
days.
CARY— In the City and County Hospital, Sep-
tember 21, 1900. Patrick Cary. a native of Ire-
land.
D'ALAMEDA— In this city, September 22, 1300,
Jacob D'Alameda, a native of the Western
Islands, aged 81 years.
DE CLAIRMONT— In Vallejo. September 20.
1900, Rodalfo. son of Colonel R. da Clalrmont.
aged 32 years 1 month and 1 days.
DELAFIELD— In East Oakland. September 20,
1900. Alfred Webster Delafleld. a native of
San Francisco, aged 32 years 1 month and 19
days.
SPECIAL KOTICES.
NOTICE to relatives or next of kin to officers
and enlisted men of the navy and marine
corps who died or were killed In action ashore
or afloat and burled outside of the continental
limlta of tho United States since April 21,
1S9S. Next of kin that desire to have remains
sent. to a burial place in the United States
should address, before September 21. 1S00, the
Bureau of Navigation. Navy Department,
Washington, D. C, for circular of Informa-
tion and Instructions. F. W. HACKETT,
Acting Secretary.
ODD FELLOWS" Cemetery Association — The
annual meeting of the lot owners of the Odd
Fellows' Cemetery will be held on Monday,
September 24, 19C0, at 2 p. m., at the office
of the association, Point Lobos ave., for the
election of trustees, etc. By order, of the
Uoarl of Trustees.
GEORGE T. BOHEN. Pres.
GEORGE PENLINGTOX. Sec. _^
LADIES— Chichester*s Knglish Pennyroyal Pills
are the best: cafe, reliable; take no other:
send 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladles," in letter by return mall; at drug-
gists. Chlchester Chemical Co., Phlladel., Pa.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to nnv address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
BAD tenants ejected for J4: collection*" made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Montgomery Bt.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5!>80.
ROOMS pareied- from J2 50; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hart man Paint Co., 319 Third.
SEWING BIACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged: re-
pairing lowest rates; open even. 205 4th st.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint 45.CHICAGO, Sept. 22.— October wheat opened
He to %c higher at 78i£c to 78**c and sold
early to 78%(S79c. Liverpool was %«%d higher,
there were showers In the Northwest, . Duluth
receipts were light and Minneapolis showed an
advance of l^c. A prediction of clearer weather
and the addition of the Minneapolis receipts,
which made the Northwest total look less bull
ish, caused a reaction to TS'.io. Damage re
ports • were numerous and referring to the
spring . wheat damage as . a "calamity," and
this together with rumors of export accept
ances caused a rally.- October recovered to
79Ho and closed strong %@?4c higher at 78%
@78!6c.
Trading in corn was on a small scale, but
the market was firm and prices made a further
advance. October closed He higher at 88%@30c.
Oats were quiet, but sympathy with wheat
Tbe market for evaporated apples, as usual
for a Saturday half-holiday, ruled quiet- and
unchanged. 8tate common, quiet at from SO
Dc; prime, 4?i@5Uo; choice, 5^§«c; fancy, 6$
6^4c.
California dried fruits were dull and nom
inally unchanged on the basis of 8H®7%c per
pound for prunes, as to size and quality
APRICOTS— Royal. ll<314c; Moorpark, 15®16c
PEACHES— Peeled. 17@>18c; unpeeled, 6®flc.
DRIED FRUITS
NEW TORK. Sept. 23.— FLOUR— Receipts.
17.S00 barrels; exports, 36,762 barrels; sales, 4500
packages. The market held flrmly at a shade
advance, but buyers and eellers were 10(ff20o
apart at the close. Winter patents. $3 70I3 1 *;
do straights, $3 C*it73 63; Minnesota patents,
$4 20® 4 50: winter extras, $2 70@3; Minnesota
bakers', ?2 75@3 30; winter low grades, $2 45@
2 «5.
WHEAT— Receipts. 67,500; exports, 96.000;
Bales, 2S50 future*; 40,000 spot. Spot, firm. No.
2 red. 84»4c f. o. b. afloat and 82%c elevator;
No. 1 Northern Duluth, S6V4c f. 0. b. afloat.
Options opened steady on bullish cables, sup
plemented . by further demands from shorts,
more rain in the Northwest and higher out
side markets. Later the market was quiet,
but closed strong on renewed covering at H@»io
net advance. March. 87 13-16®88c, closed 88c:
May, 87%ig.87%c. closed 87^ic; September closed
83c; October closed 83c; December, 84%@S5 1 ,ic,
closed «&'ic.
HOPS— Quiet: State common to choice, 1893
crop. 10«il3c; old, 2®-5c; Pacific Coast, 1S99 crop,
10«15c: old. 2@5c.
HIDES— Firm; California, 21 to 25 pounds,
lSHc.
WOOL— Dull; domestic fleece,- 25®28c; Texas,
15(51 6c.
PIGIRON— Enillf Northern, $14®16 60; South
ern. $166)16.
COPPER— Steady; brokers', J1S 75.
LEAD— Dull: brokers', $4.
TIN PLATES— Quiet.
COFFEE- Spot Rto, steady: No. 7 Invoice.
8%c; mild, quiet; Cordova. 9%®14c. Futures
closed steady, unchanged to 5 points higher.
Total sales, 43,r>00 bags. Including: October,
$7; December. $7 20; March, $7 33(3" 40; April,
1 $7 45; May. $7 50; July. $7 60.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, 4%c; cen
trifugal, 96. test, 5c; molasses sugar, 4c; re
fined, firm; No. fi, 5.60c; No. 7, 5.50c; No. 8,
6.40c; No. 9, 5.30c; No. 10, 5.25c; No. 11 5.25c;
No. 12. 5.20c; No. 13, 5.15c; No. 14. 5.16c; stand
ard A. 6.95c:. confectioners' A, 5.95c; mold A,
6.40c; cut loaf, 6.55c; crushed, 6.65c; powdered,
6.25c: granulated, 6.15c; cubes, 6.80c.
I BUTTER— Receipts, 3222 packages: firm.
Creamery, lfiV4922c; June creamery. 18H«S21c:
factory, 14«J18Uc.
EGGS— Receipts. • 647J packages; arm. West
ern regular packing at mark, 12',i®18c; West
ern, loss off, 20c.
pobliO from any bajin?. Uven after perceiving
this condition the speculators held on in the
<_ onfiu>nce that t'ie money market was to es
<-a;>^ the usual fall Btrlngency and that they
v.ouid be able to carry their speculative hold
iit_-« over to the later period, when advancing
Drives are KtOtTtSlf expected In Wall street.
But unmistakable jiixmonUory eymytoms have
th!s week that the cours« of tho
meney market is to b« about as usual thin
j-osr. The Fi«eculaton» have therefore aban
diji.<ci their Etten-.rit ta maintain prices and
raxe thrown over their holdings, biinginsr out
nf.her offerings cr\ tbe decline, as is invariably
the result of a fall in prices. Foreign govern
me—ts' needs for loans to mtet military m
rier.ditur'js have a'worb^d large credits and
the Genr.sn money markets have had a bur
din to carry of Inflation of capital issues on
industrial projects. Furthermore the London
market '« still cut off from its recent source
of «rold supply Jn South Africa and the largo
Bums cf gold which usually go from Australia
to London have been diverted to Can Fran-
KEW TORK. S-pt. 2S.— Stocks weakenod
efr»Kh to-day en<3 after two hours of activa
Tra<lir£ the market closed active and weak
except for the irrrg-ularity caused by shorts
rvjyinp to cover la some of the stocks which
ha.l l»e»n most severely raided by the bears.
Only in Ttnix-tw* Coal was the rally as much
an a point, leaving a net loss of tv.o points in
that stock. The coalers, the high priced spec
ialties and the ?to*l «to<~k5, except the steel
rail makers, show the lieavieia losses. The
rioting and btoodsbed in the anthracite mining
r»^ion had a depressing in3uence on the whole
Ufct and Reading issues were specially affected
OS the hope tiiat has been indulged in that
mines would not b* ___t down, which Is dls
sirpointeil by yesterday's cestatlon of work in
thct cmricanye shaft. Th« buying for Lon
don account was tmt'.rr'.y dlsrecarded and th«
F'.ig-h^ d<"jr.ar.'l from barsai3 hunters whicH
O_hS« its Er^arance her« and there was the
enly infiuer.es in checking- the liquidation. Tho
railroad group -3 : -3 not escape th» prevailing
••. r-.-. U nes_ and standard railroad stocka »-ere
us rr.uch d«i ress^d aa etocka of minor roads.
There were examples of a loss o' a point or over
in tbe trunk lines, the Southern group, tlj«
South werfrns, ti~.e Grangers and the Paciflcs,
Baltimore enl Ohio tr.<J Louisville and Nash
ville were -most conspicuous for weakness. The
l>«r.k fit&tement so«mpd to precipitate the ro
newfHj s^llirig. although lt was no weaker than
had been rxi^rirxl and, in the decrease In loans
\v;*> rather better.
Prices are eonrid' rably lower as a result of
the week's trading in the stock market. On
*.for.Sez r ard Tu«/dsy th^re Mcmiid to be an
f-ftmi\ri chick Jo the liquidation begun on
Triday and Fat^rday of la«£ v.r«k and the de
-5J1-J from Khoits to cover effected some cor.
.••'¦d'rablc rallies, but on Wednesday th* llaui
ittUm v.-as renewed in force and broadened ot:t
n i;s to include pr»tty much the whole list.
!n the latter class some heavy declines are re
<-orrl«'d. owtrB to the I»r.gth of time which had
ciari"»d einc? there was any trading in the
stocks. p.rA the cKarjre in conditions In the
T'ioKnj!rr.«». The immediate r.eVs developments
of rh<> Tv«M>k ba«c not bwn Important, but the
'•onvirt'.on has l>*fn forced upon a. speculative
clefaent >vhlch baa held out -p^rFistenlly for
liUrh prires, ti:at the usual factors making for
<!f",. nosier, at this Bc*mn are not to be evaded
thl* year. For tome time past various Fp^cu
lative pools have tx'cn at work in the manipu
'. ¦ ' - ~~i of _ r *t^l* r>^s lif*rt SLno tn^rft, somfftiincs «y
Oi^f -. mtnation of unwarranted assertions re
tarding rrosp«ctive dividends, the entrance of
Inriu^nlial new olftment* into (rp^clfled proper
tir-s and fuch devices. The task of sustaining
j-irlcea have been comparatively easy, owing to
<.'ts in various stocks ha\-e held and the con
tinuance of low rat*s for money. But while
the bull j.arly has been able to sustain prices
hj- caref.il cur-sing the market has been en
tirely unfit to absorb any realizing sales owing
to the dctcriiiir!«-d abstention of the general
New York Stock Market.
Mcst dealers look for higher prices for Hey
this we«k. Some tales are already being made
at an advance of 60c. Receipts are lighter
Btocks are less excessive and the market Is
firm. * - - ¦ s ¦ -
¦ Bran and Middlings continue firm.
BRAN— $15016 50 per ton.-: - \ ~
MIDDLINGS— $19(g21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16®n 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26®27; Jobbing
$27 60(8-28: Cocoanut Cake. $2O<£21; Corn Meal
i2««?27; Cracked Corn. $26 50@27 50; Mixed Feed"
$13 50«ai4. . . -
HAY — Volunteer. $4 60@7: Wheat, $10fll2 1
Wheat and Oat, J9 50@U 50; Oat, $S@10;. Clover
$4@6: Alfalfa. . $6®7 50; Barley.. $6 50@8 50 per
; C STRAW— S0®37Hc per bale.
Z- j Beans and Seeds.
There Is nothing new . in either Beans . or
Seeds, trade being dull. ' ' * -•>** i * -":
. BEANS-Bayos. |2 40@2 50; Small White. |4;
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 800
8 75. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $3 40®3 60;
Oregon and Washington, $2 75@3 10 per barrel
for family and $3 15®3 50 for bakers' ; Eastern.
%\ 75JT5 75 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Qraham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rya
Meal, $2 60; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $2 7»;
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats, $4 50; Hom
iny, $3 50@3 75; Buckwheat Flour. $4®4 25;
Cracked Wheat. $3 50; Farina, $4 «>; whole
Wheat Flour. $3 2o; Rolled Oats (barrels). IS®
7 25; In sacks, $5 75@7; Pearl Barley, $5; Split
Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 60 per 100 lb«.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— DecembeiwiOOO ctls.
73c.
OATS— Quotations have not changed for gome
time. Some sales are being made, but the mar
ket lacks life.
White, fl 16@1 30; Surprise. $1 35©1 40: Red
$110@120; Gray, 11 10@l 20; Black, for feed.
Jl 10@l 15; for seed. *1 1501 20 per ctl.
CORN— Continues nominal, in the absence of
RYE— 87H@90c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, SI 09>£;
£8.000, *1 09U. May— 4000. Jl 18.
Regular Morning Session— December— S00O ctls.
$109%. May— 8000. $1 16.
imilLEY— Previous price* rule, with a dull
market.
Feed, 70@72%c for No. 1 and 65@67V4o for oft
grades: Brewing and Shipping grades, 77%©
82V4c; Chevalier, nominal.
WHEAT— Liverpool was higher. Paris was
unchanged. New York was several fractions
higher.
Chicago opened firm, the Northwest leading In
strength. Minneapolis was lc up. Later on
the market halted on the realizing of scalp
ing bulls. There were light rains in the North
west, but fair weather was predicted.
Locally futures were somewhat firmer, but
spot prices were as before.
Spot Wh«U-Shlpplng. $105@106K; Milling,
$1 10C1 11%.
Exchange and. Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 84%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 SS
Sterling Cables — 4 89
New York Exchange, sight — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 07^4
Fine Bllver, per ounce — C2 s i
Mexican Dollars, nominal 50 & 51
* Wheat and Other Grains.
EASTERN MARKETS.
PORTLAND, Sept. 22.— WHEAT— The market
la active with some lots changing- hands. Wal!a
Walla. SSJ^c; valley and blue stem, 01c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Sept. 22.— WHEAT— Quiet and un
changed; blue stem, 59%c; club, 59&c, both for
export.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. Or., Sept 22.— Clearings, $237,
640; balances. $37,511.
Portland's Business.
CORN — Spot, firm; "American mixed, new,'
4s 4Vid. Futures, quiet; October, 4s SUd; No
vember, 4s 2?4d; December, 4s 2%d.
WHEAT— Spot, firm; No. 1 red Western win
ter, 6s 3d; No. 1 Northern spring, 6« 5V4d: No. 1
California, 6s 6Hd. Futures, uteady; Septem
ber, 6s 2 : !id ; December, 6a 5d. :
HOPS — At London (Pacific Coast), steady,
£2 6«@ 3 6s.
LONDON, Sept. 22.— Consols, 98%; silver,
2S 15-16d; French rentes, lOOf 20c. Wheat car
goes off coast, firm, but not active, seller ask
ing 3d more: English country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, Sept. 22.-?-Wbeat. firm; No. 1
Standard California, 6s 6%d; wheat in Paris,
quiet; flour in Paris, steady: French country
markets, quiet; weather in England, cloudy.
COTTON— Uplands, 7d.
CLOSING.
Foreign Markets.
GLASGOW, Scotland. Sept. 22.— The Earl
Fruit Company sales California fruit: Pears—
Beaurre Hardy. $1 2201 25 two-fifths boxes;
Onondaga. average ' $1 two-fifths boxes. Plums
— Golden Drop. $1 12@1 25 single crates. Prunes
—Silver. Jl 12«?1 25 single crates.
NEW YORK. Sept. 22— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sales California fruit: Grapes— Tokays.
95c<Sf$l 85 single crate. Pears— Bartletts, 70®
90c box; Nells, $1 40® 2 15. Peaches— Levi
Cling, 55c©$l 10 box; Salways, 55@75c; George
Late. 55@70c; McDevitts Cling. 55@70c. Prunes
— Italians. 60<?f90c single crates; Silver, 70c@|l.
E!:rht cars fruit sold to-day.
LONDON, Sept. 22.— The Earl Fruit Company
sales California fruit: Pears— d' Cornice, $1 44®
2 04 two-fifths boxes; Beaurre Hardy. $1 32 two
fifths boxes; G. Morceau, $1 S2@l 44 two-fifths
boxes. Quinces — Average $1 20 box.
NEW YORK. Sept. 22.— Porter Bros. Com
pany sold California fruit to-day: Plums—Kel
sey, $4 10 per box; Coe's Late, 65c per single
crate. Grapes — Tokays J3 50 per double crate
and $1 05SJ2 05 per einele crate; clusters, $1 60{S
2; Moroccos, J2 05@2 35 per single crate; as-
Borted, II S5@l 90; Muscats, $1 15@1 90. Peaches
— Salways. 55c@$l 10.
California Fruit Sales.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— i Sept. "^Dec.
Opening? •- 6 2% «5
Closing 6 2 % 65
PARIS.
Wheat— Sept. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 20 30 21 90
Closing 20 30 2190
Flour 1 —
Opening 26 10 27 95
Closing 26 05 28 00
Tfc* pressure has fallen decidedly over the
rorthcrn portion of the Pacific Elope and ripen
over the southern. An area of low pressure
*'**ntral off t£e Washington coast this morning"
ha* ¦...-•..-; ntpidly inland and now overlies
Northern Washington and Western Montana:
The temperature has fallen alor.g the imme
diate coast of California ana in the western
portions of Washington and Oregon. lt has
r.'cn over the Interior of the Pacific Slope.
'.••nerally cloudy weath«r is reported from
Washington. Oregon. Idaho. Western Montana
«nd Arirona. A thunderstorm occurred at
Phoenix. Ligrht rain is reported from portions
cf Washington. Oregon and Arizona.
Fort-ca«t made at Ean Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, September 23. l?00:
Northern California — Generally fair Sunday,
oyppt cloudy or fopcy alone the coast; cooler
« I or.t; the coact and in the Sacramento Valley;
?r*sh west wind.
Southern California— Fair Sunday; light west
¦»ln<i.
Nevada — Olondy Sunday.
Utah— Fair: warmer Sunday.
Arizona— Fair: warmer Sunday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy or
f"trsy Sunday; cooler; fresh ¦west wind.
G. H. W1LLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
FORECAST.
PAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 22. 1900—6 p. no.
The following maximum temperatures wert
reported from etaticat in Calif ortiia to-day:
Eureka CO Lot Angeles ti
Mount Tamalpais 87 Sacramento 9%
Independence £4 San Luis Oblepo SS
ru*d Bluff ...-.-... 10* San Diego 68
Frtsno 95:
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
SI; minimum. 70; mean, 83.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
(U?th Meridian— Paclfle Time.)
Weatlver Report.
Bales.
Tcta! rtook <m hand Jon* IX
MM 8,400
Total PaclSc Coast crop, ISM.. 177.3M
1S2.700
Total rail «h!pmeBta 160.800
Total water shipments 4.150
Total consumed by coast brew
ers 4.260
u».:oo
Tctal rtork on hand Jolyl, 1900.. 13. 6*0
Slcce July l. It r , about KiO bales of ntnety
2ves fcaie b*ea bought for local packers' use
ar.d a further 1000 bales havt been shipped
eastward of the 1«?5 crop, «o that about MM
b-les are being carried into the new season.
21,600 177,300
Th# tmm! circular of Lllienthal & Oo. e&ya:
Tfce harvesting of the new crop on the Pa
cifl<* Cocft wl!l soon be completed aad all In-
Cicat'.ias pc!ct to a crop of excellent quality.
b-;t considerably lees In quantity V 1 * 0 lact
y^ar. f\> do not expect lt to exceed 160.000
baies, ac against m.Zryy bale* In 1899. The
cr^p cf 1£?3 was as foUows:
Acres. Bales.
California 7.000 EJ.OQO
Oreg-jn 16.500 S2.800
Waehingloa 6.000 38,000
The Hop Crop.
Local back cI»arjnR» last w#*k w«r» S29.5^.-
TW. ag»inrt $i's*&'>, 243 for th« eajna ¦week laat
year.
Bank Clearings.
195.5G0 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2» ref. when L & N unl 4s 9gtj
issued, reg 104 N'TC lsts..^. lOgij
Do coupon 104'i N J C gen 6s 1221i
V S Su reg 10d*« N* Pacific 3s tn%
Do 2s coup 103% Do 4s 10314
Do new 4s reg. ..134 NTC4SIL 4s. .107
Do new 4s coup. .124% N & W con 4s...... SS
Do old 4s rer 115 Or Nav lsts 109
Do old 4a coup.. .IK Do 4s. 102
Do 6s reg 113% Or Short JUne 6a. .127 .
Do Its coup ..llSjjl Do con Ee... 114
clseo. In consequence New York bankers hav*
been large lenders in foreign markets and for
a considerable period have bten practicalij
out of the local market. Interior markets In
th«. meantime have been placing loans In ths
New York market. The effect of these con
ditions, which have been ripening for a long
time, became manifest last week, when de
mands were made upon New York banks' re
serves for currency for Interior points. Th»
nop« that the Galveston relief measures might
be ;*es than last week's movement, which was
abnormal, was dissipated by this week's
larger movement demands from West
ern points b^ing added to those from '
tho South. New York money rated '
h*vo risen appreciably In response and I
sreculatlve sentiment in the stock market has
been much more sensitive to elements of un
certainty in the outlook. The coal miners'
strike, the unsettled wage schedules In the
ste«l trades and the growing complexity of the
diplomatic situation over China have proved
parts of increasing importance. It is recalled
that In the experience of last fall, the .needs
cf speculative holders of stocks were the last
to be consulted by tenders of money, and mahy
Industrial dividend paying stocks were uncom
rromlslnsly rejected as collateral for loans.
The call loan rate on the Stock Exchange
soared to 1.S6 per cent, while no more than 6
ror c*nt was paid for loans In ordinary busi
ness transactions. These are considerations
that have Induced the week's liquidation.
Tho bond market has been only slightly af
fected as compared with stocks, but liquida
tion has been In evidence there also. New 4s
coupon advanced H and the old 4s U per cent
In the bid price. The 3s declined M per cent.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Share" Closlnr
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
"80 Atchison 26U
8.8?: Atchison prefd 67^i
6,460 Baltimore & Ohio 66"%
175 Canadian Pacific 87
200 Canada Southern 47%
1.783 CheeaDeake A Ohio 28
700 Chicago Great Western 10
8,155 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 12O?i
Chicago Indianarolls & Louis 20
Chlcas-o IndlanaiKDlis & Louis .pfd. 53
Chicago &. Eastern Illinois S«
Chicago & Northwestern lo»
2.16C Chicago Rock Island & Pacific... 103?4
4<« C C C & St Louis 57s*
Colorado Southern 5
1C0 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 36
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 14
£40 Delaware & Hudson 106>4
3>0 Delaware Lackawanna & Western.. 171%
C.0 Denvor & Rio Grande 18
100 Denver & Rio Grande prefd SS
J70 Erl« 1014
400 Krle 1st prefd 30»»
7M Great Northern prefd 149>,
Hocking Coal 12%
Hocking Valley Siu
9C5 Illinois Central 115 i
100 Iowa Central 18 ',
:0Q Iowa Central prefd 40
100 Lake Erie & Western 25
Lake Erie & Western prefd 92%
. .. Lake Shore 209
4.600 Louisville & Nashville 69
4,040 Manhattan L 85
1.SS5 Metropolitan Street Railway 146%
100 Mexican Central 10?j
100 Minneapolis & St Louis 51l±
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 91
5.100 Missouri Pacific '. 47»4
Mobile & Ohio 33'
200 Missouri Kansas & Texas 9
1.470 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 25\
610 New Jersey Central .» 128U
1.150 New York Central I26ii
1.1M Norfolk & Western 31%
Norfolk & Western prefd 74
6.650 Northern Pacific 48T4
815 Northern Pacific prefd 69
'jCO Ontario & Western 19
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42
Oregon Railway & Navigation pfd. 76
8.0€9 Pennsylvania 124TJ
ICO Reading 15
7,170 Rfadinc 1st rrefd 60»;
900 Reading 2d prefd 23**
Hio Grande Western 52%
Rio Grande Western prefd 90
St Louis & San Francisco Shi
Bt Louis & San Francisco 1st pfd. 64
St Louis & San Francisco 2d pfd 314
200 St Louis Southwestern 10%
BOO St Louis Southwestern prefd 25i»
4,400 St Paul Ill
210 Bt Paul prefd 172*
St Paul & Omaha 110
3.2S3 Southern Pacific SOT_
600 Southern Railway 10Ti
55" Southern Railway prefd 5l4i
400 Texas & Pacific T9Vi
K.1C0 Union Pacific 6J!i
1,340 Union Pacific prefd ft%
9O0 Wabath 6-i
100 Wabash prefd 16^
400 Wheeling & Lake Erie gij
6W) Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 22>i
800 Wisconsin Central 111^
Third Avenue '. 1OS«4
Express Companies—
Adams 123
American 150
United States 43
Wells Fargo 123
M lscel 1 aneou s —
American Cotton Oil 30%
American Cotton OH prefd 8S
American Malting 4*j
American Malting prefd 22
1,150 American Smelting &. Ref 35%
210 American Smelting & Ref prefd 87
American Spirits 114
American Spirits prefd 17
1,000 American St«*l Hoop 17^4
American Steel Hoop prefd 64(4
6.C95 American Steel & Wire.... 28>4
1.610 American Steel & Wire prefd....... 70%
820 American Tin- Plate 1 u%
1 American Tin Plate prefd 77*i
! 4,450 American Tobacco SC%
i American Tobacco prefd 125
Anaconda Mining Co 42
10.0J5 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 60
950 Colorado Fuel & Iron 30
! 2,»>60 Continental Tobacco 24%
1 Continental Tobacco prefd ToU
i S.ftlO Federal Steel 50%
200 Federal Steel prefd 63 l ,£
?no General Eleetrlc 1S3
2iO Glucose Sugar 4SH
£00 Glucose Sugar prefd 9s •
13i» International Paper • 16%
1,240 International Paper prefd 60
1«) Laclede Gas 69
i S00 National Bisctiit 3iu
1 National Biscuit prefd 85'
; National Lead 17%
: National Lead prefd ggu
400 National Steel 23^,
100 National Steel prefd 82
New York Air Brake 121
300 North American .• 14U
200 Pacific Coast 52
Pacific Coast 1st prefd go
100 Pacific Coast 2d prefd so
600 Pacific Mall 21514
! 23.425 People's Gas 85 t
I 600 Pressed Steel Car prefd 7m
! 000 Presced Steel Car prefd 711/*
Pullman Palace Car.... 152'
' 300 Standard Rope & Twine i... 41,;
j 22.310 Sugar 114
Sugar prefd iuu
, 3.3C5 Tennersee Coal & Iron 5314
SOO United States Leather 954
570 United States Leather prefd 6S
United States Rubber : 27*4
180 United States Rubber prefd 9lil
Western Union 7^14
CSfl Republic Iron & Steel Co 10'
200 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd B0<i
P C C & St Louis C3
Foreign Futures.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. Sept. 22—12 m.
Bld.Ask. : Bld.Ask.
Alpha 04 05 histlce C6 07
Alta 02 04 Kentuck 03 04
Andes 08 09 Lady Wash — 03
Belcher 19 20 Mexican ~ 30 31
Best & Belcher. 2i » Occidental 07 08
Bullion" 02 04 Ophir 55 56
Caledonia 41- 44 Overman » 10 11
Chollar 19 20 Potosi 19 2O
Thallenge Con.. 30 22 Savage IS 19
Confidence 80 81 Scorpion ....... 01 —
Con Cal & Va..l 15 1 20 Seg Belcher.... 02 03
Con Imperial... 01 C2 Sierra Nevada. 32 33
Con New York. — .01 3ilver Bill SS 33
F.ureka Con.... — ' 45 3t Louis — 12
Crown Point.... 12 13 Standard 4 10 4 23
Exchequer 01 C2 Syndicate 04 —
Gould & Curry. 35 36 Union Con 19 20
Hale & Norcrs. 20 21ICJtah Co 06
Julia 03 041 Yellow Jacket.. 20 81
300 Alpha Con Oil 500 Mexican 30
1100 Belcher 19 9C0 Mexican 29
200 Belcher ...~.... 29 SCO Ophir 58
SCO Best & Belcher. 23 200 Ophir 54
700 Best & Belcher. 28 300 Ophir 53
500 Best & Belcher. 27 300 Ophir ., 55
600 Challenge Con.. 23 300 Ophir 66
60ft Chollar 20 400 Savage 1%
. 600 Con Cal & V...1 20 200 Sierra Nevada. 35
400 Con Cal & V.I 17% SOO Sierra Nevada. 34
700 Con Cal & Va.l 15 2Q0 Sierra Nevada. 33
500 Crown Point.... 12 200 Silver Hilt 3S
2600 Gould & Curry. 35 200 Union Con 21
300 Hale & Norcrs. 21 600 Union Con 20
1000 Justice 07 1100 Yellow Jacket.. 23
1700 Mexican S3 200 Yellow Jacket.. 21
300 Mexican 31 200 Yellow Jacket.. 20
Morning Session.
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Belcher 20 300 Potosi 19
200 B?st & Belcher. 27 700 Sierra Nevada. 3.1
300 Chollar 20 200 Silver Hill 39
1150 Con Cal & Va..l 15 100 Silver HU1 S8
60 Confidence SO 50 Union Con 20
luO Crown Point.... 12 400 Union Ccn 19
400 Gould & Curry. 35 100 Union Con 11
1000 Mexican _ 30 300 Utah M
600 Ophir 56 100 Yellow Jacket.. 21
700 Ophir 55'
MINING STOCKS,
Moraine Session.
Board —
2"0 El Dorado 173
700 Pour Oil Co SO
500 Four Oil Co 4S
EOJ Reed Crude Oil Co 61
68 Royal » „.. 110
550 Sterling Oil & D Co 2 30
700 Twenty-Eight 150
Street—
50 Kern River .1 19 00
100 El Dorado 185
Afternoon Yesterday. --
Street—
100 Sterling O & D Co..... 2 30
25 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 8 00
'Street—
30 Alaska Packers' Assn .• 125 00
100 Equitable Gas 3 62%
J16.000 Kdison L & P bonds 130 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.As>k. | PH.A.k.
4s quar coup.. 116 117 • 4s do cp (new)134 1J5
4s do reg......ll5 116 Ss do coup.. ..109 110
MISCELLANEOUS BOND&
Ca»-st Cab 6s.ll5% — Oak Water Ss. — 103
C C Water 5s.lO6%107 Oceanic S3 Ss.lOTU —
Ed L i P 63..12a?» — Om C Br «a... 128*4 —
F & Cl Ry 63.. — — Pac G Imp 4S.101W —
Geary-st R 6s. — »9 P & Cl Ry 6s.lO4 —
H C & 8 5%S. — — P & O R R «s.ll5 —
Do 6s — 105 Powell-st R «sll7 —
L A Ry 5s lOTtf — eac L G&Ras.lOOH —
L A Lt Co to. — 103 B F & SJV 5«.12O 130»4
Do"gntd 6s.. — — S R of Cal 63.1UH1UH
L A gntd 5s.. .100 102% S P of A «s....Ul»4lll%
L A P R R 5s. — 101 SPCis (1905)
Market-st 6S...128U — I < Series A) 11J
Do 1st M BS.117V4 — J Do <&erte> B)lll —
N C N G R 7s. — 115 S P C «s (1906). 1131, —
N R of Cal 6s.ll2«i — • Do (1913)... .. 131% 12J%
Do 6s 118Vill8?l S P R 1st gntd - -
N P C R R 6s.l01 — S P Br <s 133 —
Do 5s 106% — B V Water 6s.ll3 1HH
N Cal Ry 6s.. — 111 Da 4s 103 104
Oak O 1. & H.Tft? — * Do 3d mtg...l01>4 —
Oak Tran 6s.. 116%— Stocktn Gas 6s — 102%
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa-. 69% — Spring Valley. »6% MT4
Marin County. 51H —
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent G L Co., - - |Pac L Co 43 44%
Cent L t P Co - 5 Sac El G&RCo 35% 40
Eqult a L Co. Stf i% S F G & E.... 5J>; 53*1
Mutual El Co. 10 11 Ban Francisco. 5 5%
O G L & H — 5O«4 Stkn G & E Co — 14
Pao Gas Imp.. 52% 52%
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem'B Fund.228 — • I
BANK -STOCKS.
. Anglo-Cal Ltd 68 — Lon P * A.... 133% —
Bank of Cal... 409 — Merchants' Ex U —
Oal S D & T..105 - NevNatBk...— —
First Natlonl.285 S00
SAVING* BANKS.
Ger S & L....1860 — Bav & L So.... — 82%
Hum S & L.. — — Sec Sav Bk.... — —
Mut Sav Bk... 48% — IXJnlon T Co.... — —
¦ S F Sav U....507%— I
STREET RAILROAD BTOCKSl
California 123 — O B L & H.... — a
Geary-st — — Presidio — 23%
Market-st 67 67%
POWDER STOCKS.
r-alifor"la ..-•-.— 1«W Vlgorlt X»4 1H
; Giant Con Co. — 86 I ,
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co.. 774 — Kllauea S P C Jl% 23
Haw C & S Co — 89 Makawell S Co 43Vi 44H
Honokaa S Co. 30% 31',i Onomea S Co. 23 29
1 Hutch S P Co. 25 23Vi Paauhau S Co. 31 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn.l24»;i26 Pac A F A.... Mi —
Cal Fruit Assn 97 — Pac C Bor Co.150 151%
Mer Kx Af"«n.. 97 1*» Par Paint Co. 13 —
Oceanic S Co.. 93 93%
Morning Session.
Beard —
31 Alaska Packers' Assn 125 V)
$1000 Oakland Transit Co 6s 117 00
73 Paauhau 8 P Co 31 ©0
2 Pacific Ga3 Imp t 52 75
2. Pacific Gas Imp 52 50
5 Pacific Gas Imp 52 37^*
9 Pacific Gas Imp 52 2o
E Pacific Gas Imp 52 12V4
10 Pacific Gas Imp 52 00
S2000 Sacramento Elec Gas & Ry Sa 100 23
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 53 50
MO.000 S F & S J V bonds.... 125 23
$600 U*S 3s coup 109 75
STOCK ANT) BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. Sept. O-U m.
Stocks and bonds were dull, and the only
thing new was a decline In Pacific Gas Im
provement at 152 75fi52 under small sales.
The Oil stocks were dull.
¦Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
firm; winter patents. $3 90@4 10; straights, $3 20
©3 80; clear?, $3 20@3 CO; spring specials, $4 70;
patents, $3 60®4 10; straights. $3 10@3 50; bakers'
$2 40(^2 80; No. 3 spring wheat. 73@79c; No. 2
red 79Hc; No. 2 corn. 41®4U4c: No. 2 yellow.
41@4H4c; No. 2 oats. 22Mc; No. 2 white. 250
26c; No. 3 white, 24^@25%c; No. 2 rye, 53%c;
good feeding barley, 39640c; fair to choice
malting. 52@S5c: No. 1 Haxseed. $149; No. 1
Northwestern. $1 50; prime timothy seed, $4 30^
4 40: mess pork, per barrel, $12 05@12 10: lard,
per ICO pounds, $7®7 O2V4; short-rib sides (loose),
$7 60@7 65; dry salted shoulders (boxed), $6 25«?
6 37%; short clear sides (boxed), J3 15@8 20;
whisky, basis of high wines. $1 2$: sugars, un
changed; clover, contract grade. $10. -
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 14,000 8.000
Wheat bushels ; 234.000 199,000
Corn, bushels 4S1.000 491.0OO
Oats, bushels 285.0PO j 486,000
Rye. bushels -4.000
Barley, bushels 68.000 5.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery, 15@20c; dairy. 13®
18c. Cheese, firm, 10>4@llV4c. Eggs, firm; fresh,
16c.
Stiver firmer. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat futures firmer. Barley dull.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Higher prices, expected for Hay. Bran and Middlings firm.
Beans and Seeds dull and nominal.
Potatoes and Vegetables in good supply.
Poultry in oversupply and neglected.
Most of the Game arrives in bad condition.
Butter slightly higher again, with light stocks.
Cheese steady. Eggs firm and unchanged.
Watermelons still higher, owing to the heat.
Wine Grapes continue firm.
Nothing nnv in Provisions.
Wool, Hops antf Hides unchanged.
Packers reduce their bids for Hogs.
Shipment of $449,542 to China.
Bank Clearings shozv a gain oz m cr last year.
Light trading in stocks and bonds.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 22.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balance in the general
fund, exclusive of the $160,000,000 gold reserve in
the division of redemption, shows: Available
cash balance, J133.S59.081; gold, $75,648,719.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Sept. 22. — The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London finarfclal cablegram says:
The markets here were absolutely stagnant to
day. There was no news and no business.
American shares dropped, but their weakness
teemed to be due solely to the utter lack of
support. Copper sharea were irregular. Money
rates were very stiff, closing at 3U per cent
for call loan?. 3% per cent for lime loans and
discounts 4 per cent.
Gold to the amount of £100,000 was taken for
export to Egypt. On Tuesday £2.000,000 is due
for the new treasury bills and this is awaited
anxiously as a crucial test Of the money po
sition.
CLOSING.
Atchison. 27%; Canadian Pacific, S9%; Union
Pacific preferred, 77%; Northern Pacific pre
ferred, 71%; Grand Tr^nk. 6%; Anaconda, 8H:
Rand mines, 40%. Bar silver, firm, 23 15-16J
per ounce. Money, 3 per cent.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK, Sept. 22.— The Financier says:
The increasing demands for interlorcrop mov
ing funds Is ahown in a loss of $£7*2,200 cash
by the Associated Banks of New Tork for the
week ending September 22. All this money was
chipped ' west and south, operations with the
subtreasury having resulted in little change
either way. The interesting feature of the
weekly statement is a decrease of $2,689,600 In
the loan Item, the first contraction of conse
quence that has been noted since the third
week in July. The change for the current
week Is not large, but derives significance
from the fact that the drain of cash out of
New York has led rome of the banks to cur
tail outstanding commitments. The fallacy of
forecasting the probable volume of Interior de
mands over a fall season is well shown In the
present depletion of reserve, the shipments so
far this year having been fully up to the
ordinary, despite the assertions that New York
would not be called upon to finance the crop
harvest As it is the banks have a much
heavier reserve than usual at this period, but
as the shipments of money are not over by
any means, It will be only logical If a further
«hrinka«pe In loans results. The situation is
pomewhat complicated by the adjustment of the
German and Swedish loans now being negotiat
ed here, but so far as ordinary commercial and
local business Is concerned everything favors
a firmer money market. It Is not to be for
gotten that the deposit account is much higher
than the average, necessitating a larger volume
of cash reserve and to meet present needs a
contraction in other items releasing part of
this reserve. Is the ordinary remedy. For the
week Just ended the reserve shrinkage la
smaller than the actual loss in cash, because
qf this very operation.
This is in direct contrast with the exhibit
of the previous week, when expanding deposits
due to rising loans made the reserve less heav
ier than cash phrinkage. The fact that the
circulation of the banks has increased over
100 per cent in the last year renders it possible
for the banks to ship West a large amount
of money that does not deplete reserves or af
fect totals.
London Market.
Associated Banks' Statement.
Diat of Co! I.65S...122 Reading gen 4a.... kt
Atchlson gen 4s...lOC% ROW lsts 98%
Do adj 4s S5H St L & I M con Bs.UJVt
Canada So Ids 106*4 3t L & S F gen «s.l23
=hes & O 4*4s 38% Bt Paul cons 169
Oo5»' 119 Bt P C &. P lsts.. ..117%
- h _l &N con 78. ...139 Do 5s ...119U
•Do S F deb 5s.. .1:04 Bo Pacific 4b 77%
Chicgo Term 4«... 82H So Railway 5s 10SH
Colorado So 4s..... 80 Stand R & T 6s.... 66
D & R O lsts 103% Vex & Pao lsts.... 112%
Do 4g 9SH Do 2ds 67 -
g^ren 4a 67 U Pacific 4a 104H.
F W & D C lsts... 78% Wabash lsta 117
Oen Elec ts 113 Do 2ds. 101
t ow » Cent lsts 113 West Shore 4s.;. ...112^4
UK & t Ids 64% Wise Cent lsts 85%
1)0 **.; 90 v a Centuries 63%
MINING STOCKS.
Ch° Ilar *••.. lSIOntarlo • 00
Crown Point lliOphlr E5
Con Cal & Va 1 lOlPlymouth 03
Deadwood 41 [Quicksilver 1 50
Oould & Curry 33. do prefd ' 00
Hale & Norcross... 18'SIerra Nevada 33
Homeetake 50 00 Standard 4 CO
Iron Silver £5! Union Con 17
Mexican SOiYellow Jacket 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West End 91%
?all toans.... *%@3 Westlnghse Etec... 47V4
rime loans 4 @4*4 Bonds —
Stocks— Atchison 4s 99
Atch T A Sta Fe.. 26 N E Gas & C 5s... 68%
Do prefd 67H Mining Shares-
American Sugar. ..114 Adventure 3%
Do prefd 114»£ Allouez Mln Co.... 1%
Bell Telephone... ,.137 AmalR Copper 85
Boston Elevated... 146 Atlantic 22%
Boston & Maine.. ..187 IBoMon & Mont. ...311
: Chi B & Q 120 T i'Butte & Boston.... 65
: Dominion Coal 38 ICalumet & Hecla..74O
Do prefd 110 (Centennial 13>4
; Fitchburg prefd. ...135 Franklin 13
3en Electric 135 iHumboldt 25
Do prefd 13S%iOsceola 63
Ed Elec 111 210 jParrot 40
Mexican Central... 10'i Quincy 140
Mich Telephone £5 «ta Fe Copper 4
N E Gas & Coke.. 10 Tamarack 229
Old Colony 204 Utah Mining 2S
Old Dominion 16 Winona 2%
Union Pacific 53%» Wolverines 39%
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
and corn and a good shipping demand save
a firm market. October . closed >4c up at 22Vi
@22%c. ' ... . -¦ ..¦'.'
Provisions were rather easy. Hog receipts
were over ¦ the estimate, but It was talked
around that the selling was done for the pur
ruse of shaking out weak holders. ~ October
>ork closed 10c lower, lard 7^®10c lower and
libs a shade up. . ~~ f
The leading futurea ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. . High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 1—
September 78% 79H 78« 78%
October 7S% 79ft 7SH 78%
November 79H 80 79*4 79%
Corn No. $— r ' "
September *0% 41 40% 40%
October 33% 39H 38% 39
November 36% 36% 36^ 86%
• Oata No". I—
September 21H 21% 21H 21%
October 21Ti 22H 21% 22H
November 22H 22% 22>4 22%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
October 12 00 12 05 1195 12 05
November 11 37% 11 40 11 35 11 37%
Lard, per 100 pounds-
October 7 05 7 05 « 97H 7 00
November 7 0214 7 02tf 6 95 6 97%
January 6 70 6 70 6 67H 6 67%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
September 7 72% 7 72% 7 67% 7 67%
October 7 37% 7 42% 7 37% 7 42%
January 6 07tt 6 0714 6 05 t 0V,<t
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Plour. qr sks 53.229 Leather, rolls 83
Wheat, ctls. ..;... 1,545 Quicksilver, flsks 18
Barley, ctls 14,959 Wine, gals 2,750
Oats, ctls 50 Eg*3, doz 7.140
Theese. ctls 39 Hay tons 360
Butter, ctls 163 Middlings, sks 5.6SO
Tallow, ctls 214 Wool, bags 83
Chicory, bbla 2O|Corn, ctls ««
Sugar, bbls 115iPotatoes, sks 7,955
Sugar, bags 8,250 Onions, sks 1.797
Pelts, bdls 196 Bran. sks.. 825.
Hides, No. 251 Beans, sks 2.011
OREGON.
Flour, qr ska 14,317 Bran, aks I.9S3
Dats, ctls 440 Middlings, sks.... no
Potatoes, sks 17
- AUSTRALIA.
Rye. ctla 65'
FOR SATURDAT. SEPTEMBER J2.
Receipts of Produce.
S3 50; "Wallsend $9; Co-operative Wallsend. (9;
Cumberland. $12 In balk and JI3 25 In sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Cannel.
$12 per ton; Coke. $18 per ton in bulk and SIS in
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. IS 43 per
20O0 lbs and S3 50 per ton. according- to brand.
RICE— China mixed. S4 25@* 30: No. 1. S4 70®
4 85; extra. JStffd 50; Japaneve. J4 05S5 60; Louis
iana, $4@7; Hawaiian, $4 75 per ctl.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. in 100-lb bags:
Crushed. 7.05c; Powdered. i.«Sc; Candy
Granulated, 6.65c; Dry Granulated. 6.55c: Con
fectioners* A, 6.65c; Magnolia A. 6.15c; Extra
C, 6.05c; Golden C. 5.95c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 80-lb bags,
10c more. No orders taken for leas than 73 bar
rels or Its equivalent. Dominoes. naU-barrela.
7.30c; boxes. 7.53c per lb.
- COAL— Wellington." » per, ton;, Southfleld Wel
lington. «9; 'Seattle.- 17; Bryant, *|7; -Coos Bay,
* BAGS — San ; Quentin Bags. $5 65; " Calcutta
Grain Bags, 1 6%c; Wool Bags. 28%@32Hc: Fleeco
Twine, 7Hc; Fruit Ba,gs. 6H®694c for white and
8Vi®8%c for -bleached Jute.' ; '¦-'•» V.- -
General Merchandise.
PORK— Live Hogs. 5\4©5%c for small, B\i&
5%c for medium and 5Vi@5Vic ¦ for, large; stock
Hogs and feeders. S(g'5Uc; dressed Hogs, 7^
@SVic. ' :; " : .
Local packers have reduced their, blda for
Hogs to 5%c, as the hot weather has checked
killing and resulted in some accumulation of
stock in this market. No other changes.
BEEF— 5®6c per lb for fair to choice.
" VEAL— Large, 7@8c; small, 8@9o per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7V4c; ewei. 7c per lb.
LAMB— 8«iS»4c per lb. . l
San Francisco Meat Market.
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern, free, 15@lSc; Northern, defective, 12a
14c; Middle County, free. 14@16c; Middle Coun
ty, defective. 12@14c; Southern Mountain, 12
months'. 9@10c; Southern Mountain free, 1
months', ll@12c; Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months'. 9@llc: Humboldt and Mendocino, 18
®17e: Nevada. 13®16c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln,' 6%®Sc: do Lambs', 8
©9c; Middle County. 9®llc per lb.
HOPS— New. 10@13c per lb.
' , HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc • under quotations. Heavy salted
Steors, 8@S%e; medium, SHc; light. 8c: Cow
hides, 8c; Stags. Sc; Salted Kip, 15c; Dry Calf.
15c; culls and brands, 12c: Sheepskins, Shear
lings, 20@30c each: short Wool. 3&350o each
medium. 60@80c; long Wool. 90c@$l 10 each;
Horse Hides. • salt. $2@2 25 for large, SI 75 for
medium. $1 for small and 50c for colts; Horse
Hides, dry, $1 60 for large. $1 25 for medium, SI
for small and 25©50c \ for colts. Deerskins-
Summer or red skins." 35c; fall or medium
skins, 30c: winter or thin skins. 20c. Goatskins
— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth. 50c;
medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4@4tfc per lb; No.
2/ 303^; grease. 2®2%c.
HideB are quiet and unchanged
A review of the Hop movement for the year
will be found in the first column. The mar
ket is flrmly held, but quiet.
Wool is dull in the East, with smaller sale3.
This market is dull.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and 9*4c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
9%c- 10-lb tins. 10c; 6-lb tins, lOHc.
COTTOLENE-One-half barrel. &%c; three
half-barrels, 8»4c; one tierce. 8%c; two tierces.
814c; five tierces, rHc per lb.
Hides, Talloiv, Wool and Hops.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. He per lb for
heavy. HHc for light medium, I3c for light, 13Hc
for extra light and 15%c for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 12%c; Mess Beef, $12 per
bbl: extra Mess, $13: Family, $14; extra Prime
Pork, $15 50; extra clear, J19; Mess, 116 50;
Smoked Beef. 12%@13c per lb.
Provisions.
HONEY— Comb. 13H@14Hc for bright and 12U
013c for light amber: water white, extracted?
'%<ff.ic; lleht amber extracted. 7®7V4c; dark, 6
@«Hc per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26e\ per lb.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 25c per lb: Walnuts, No 1
softshell. lOci No. 2, 8c: No. 1 hardsheH. 9Hc;
No. 2,-7»4c: Almonds k 12(3>13i<»c for paper shell,
9H@10c for Eastern and 5©6c for California;
Brazil Nuts. 11®12%c: Filberts, 12@13c; Pecans,
111913c: Cocoanuts, $3 50@5.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy,
12c per lb: choice, lie: standard. S>ic: prime,
8c; unbleached, Thompson's, 9c per tfo. -Sul
tanas—Fancy. lOVic per lb; choice. 9^e; stand
ard. ??ic: prime. 8c; Unbleached Sultanas. 8u;
Seedless. EO-lb boxes, 6Hc: 2-crown loose Mus
catels. 6c; 3-crown. S'/fcc; 4-crown. 7c; London
Layers. 2-crown, $1 60 per box: 3-crown. $1 6fl;
Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa. J2 50: Imperial. $1.
All prices f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California. ,
FRUITS — Prunes. Santa Claras, 4 sizes. Sc:
40-50s. 7c; 60-60e, 5%c; 60-70s. 3%c; 7O-8Os, 3Kc;
80-90s. 2%c; 90-100s. 2'4c; 100s and over. 2c;
rubles. Me premium; Sonomas, %c and San
Joaqutrs 'ic less than Santa Claras, except 100s
and over, which stand the !<ame. Apricots, 5@8c
for Royals and 1O01H4C for Moorparks: Evap
orated Apples, 5®6c; sun-dried, 3@4e; Peaches,
5@5Hc for standard, 6©6%c for choice and 7<gse
for fancy: Pears. S@7c; Plums, pitted, 6®6c:
unpitted 1®1%c; Nectarines, 5@5V&c for red and
6^fl6c for white.-
CITRUS FRUITS— SeerHtne Oranges, $l<gl 50;
Valencias, $3® 4; Lemons, $1 50@2 50 for com
mon and *3S3 Srt for good to choice: Mexi
can Limes. $5@5 50: Bananas. $1 50@2 50 per
bunch; Pineapples, $1 Zft'QZ 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
MELONS— Nutmegs, 25<560c per case; Canta
loupes, 75cift$l 25 per crate; Watermelons, $10©
25, with extra large at $30 per 100.
GRAPES— Muscat. 30S60c per crate: black, SO
<g60c; Tokay. 30<g€5c; Isabplla. 50©75c: Corni
chon. 65c; Wine Grapes, $18@20 for white and
$23j?26 per ton for Zlnfandel.
PEACHES— 35S 60c per box
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The Wisconsin Cranberries are slow of sale,
being too green.
Berries came in late and dealers were not
able to get the usual Saturday advance.
"Wine Grapes continue firm and table descrip
tions are steady at prices which have ruled
for some little time. Stocks are large enough,
but not excessive. Watermelons are in sharp
demand and higher, owing to the hot spell,
but Cantaloupes and Nutmegs are In heavier
receipt and easy.
Bartlett Pears are firm, with steadily de
creasing supplies. There is no change in
Peaches and Piums.
Lemons continue firm and In light supply,
and Limes are higher again.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES—25@50c per box for common and
60cJf$l for eood to choice.
PEARS- Bartlett. $1@1 35 per box; other va
rieties. 35!g65c per box.
QUINCES— 25®40c per box.
CRANBERRIES^-Wisconsln. IS per bbl; Coos
Bay. |2 50 per box.
STRAWBERRIES-S2 50(g>4 per chest for large
and S4t?6 for small berries.
BLACKBERRIES— None in.
RASPBERRIES— $4 50Q6 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 4<36c per lb.
FIGS— 25<5.60c for double layer boxes.
PERSIMMONS- 75c per box.
POMEGRANATES— 40@75c per small box.
PLUMS— 25<§E0c per box and 50@6ic per crate.
Some dealers aVe- quoting a firmer market
on Eggs, though there are supplies enougn
here to go around.
BUTTER— ¦¦_.
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 26@27c: Sec
onds, 25c.
Dairy — Fancy, 24c; good to choice,' 22^@
23c: common, 1TH021C.
Creamery tub— 20@22^4o per lb.
Pickled roll-19@21c.
Flrkln-18S19c.
CHEESE— New. 9@10c; old. 8®8V4c: Young
America. 10®10Hc; Eastern. 13V4@14c; "Western.
10«il2e per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 17%®22%c for store and 27H
632&c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 18§22ftc.
Butter Is almost entirely cleaned up and quo
tations have again advanced slightly. There
are sales even over the top quotations. Cheesa
stands the same.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The demand for Poultry last week was not
sufficient to clean up the seven cars that came
in from the East, together with the domestic
fowl, and there was considerable left on hand
at the close yesterday. The hot weather is
against the market and dealers refuse no rea
sonable bid.
Most of yesterday's Game was dumped, owing
to the extreme heat, hence • quotations were
few.
. POULTRY- Live Turkeys. ll@12c for Gobblers
and 12@13c for Hens; Young Turkeys, 15@16c;
Geese, per pair, $1 25@1 60; Goslings, \\ 50@l 75;
Ducks, $3@4 for'old and $3 50@4 50 for young;
Hens. J3 50©5; Toung Roosters. $4@4 60; Old
Roosters. $3 50@4: Fryers. $3@3 BO: Broilers.
*3@3 25 for large and »2 50@3 for small: Pigeons.
llix I 25 per dozen ¦ for old and J.1 75®2 for
Squabs.
GAME— English Snipe, ; Doves, 50<@!7oc
per dozen: Cottontail Rabbits. Jl@l 25; Brush
Rabbits, SI; Hare. 75c(g-Jl; Grouse. — : Sage
Hens. ;• Mountain Quail, per dozen.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, 75e®$l per Back
and 75c@$125.per crate; Green -Peas, 2c per
lb; String Beans, 2@2%c; Limas, l%@2c per lb;
Cabbage. 40®EOc; Tomatoes, Bay, 30@50c: Egg
Plant. 25<S40c per box; Green Okra. 25@4Oc:
Green Peppers, 25@40c per box for Chill and 30
@SOc for Bell; Dried Peppers, 10@15c; Carrots,
25@35c per sack; Summer Squash, 23@40c for
Alameda; Cucumbers, 25@40c for Alameda:
Pickles. $1@1 25 per. ctl for No. 1 and 50375c »
for No. 2; Garlic. 3c per lb; Marrowfat Squash.
JSS10 per ton.
Poultry and Game, x
Supplies of. Tomatoes are lighter and the
market is firm. Other Veretables show no
change. Potatoes and Onions are as previously
quoted.
POTATOES— Early Rose, 25®30c; Burbanks,
50@65c for Rivers and 75c@$l 05 per ctl for Sa
linas; Sweets. 50c@Jl for Rivers and $1 33 for
Merced. /
ONIONS— 65®75o per cU; Pickle Onions. 50
@6Cc. . -
Large White. $2 50@2 €3; Pink. $2 25@2 50; Red.
33 25; Blackeye. $3 25; Lima. *5 15@5 25; tea.
none here; Red Kidneys, |3 25@3 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. 3%@4c; Yellow
Mustard. 4%®5c; Flax. $202 50; Canary. 8%a
per lb for California and 4c for Eastern: Al
falfa, nominal; Rape. 2H<S3c; Hemp. <04Hc;
Timothy. 4@4%c.
DRIED PEAS-NIleB. H J5@l 75; Green, $1 80
03 05 per ctl; Blackeye. Jl 60.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
THE SAN FKA1S CISCO- CALL,, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1900.
THE STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
31
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco via Sausalito Ferry:
WEEK DATS.. ..9:30 a. rn.. 1:43 and 5:13 p. m.
SUNDAYS. .8. 9. 10. U a. m.. 1:30 and 2:30 p. m.
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return. Jl ?».
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
TICKET OFFICES 621 MARKET 8T..
SAUSALITO FERRY.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily
Leave MarkJt-street Ferry Depot.
RAILKOAD TBAVEL."
Via Sausallte Ferry.
Commencing- April 23. 1300.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VAXJUKT
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-7:00. •SiSO. 9:30. 11;<» a. m.;
12:4S, n:«* 8:15. 4:13, *S:15, «:13. «:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:3". p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. »8:C0. *J:CO, 'lOM, 11:00, 11:39
a. m.: 12:43. »l:30. 2:30, •JiiS. 6:C0, «:00, 7:2»
p. m.
II: CO a. m. does not ran to Stan Rafael Sun-
days.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentia.
FROM SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-«:35. »«:30, 7:50. 8:40. »10:14 _.
m.: U:ST1. 1:15. J:15. *3:3O. 4:30. 5:S0 p. m.
EXTRA TRIP8 on Mondays. Wadnaadays
and Saturdays at *<:4S and 10:30 p. m. ¦
SUNDAYS— «:15. »S:00. -JiSO, »U:00 a. m.; *12:0«
nx: 1:00. 2:13 *a:Sa. 4:30. **A5, 8:45, 7:J0. 10:28
V. m.
Trains marked (•) start from S*n Quentin.
7ROM MILL. VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 8:53. «:45, 8:00. 8:35. 10:30 a.
m.; U:35, 1:45. 3:43, 3:30, 4:50, 5:3) p. m.
EXTRA TRIP3 on Mondays. Wettaesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:S5. 8:06. 10:0£, 11:10 a. nv; 12:15.
1:50 2:30 3:43, 4:56, «-15, 7:05. 10:30 p. rn.
THROUGH TRAINS.
. 7:00 a. m, week day*— Cazadsro and way sta-
tions.
3:13 p. rn. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-.
tlons.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
12:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reves and way st_-
tiop.s- yj, . :
FlORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
CALffORNlA N02TBWESTEBN RT. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market 5t>
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEI*
tVKEK DATS— 7:S0. t:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:M.
1:90. 5:10, «:» p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 o. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:34
and 11:30 d. m.
BUNDAY8-S.0O. 9:10. 11:00 a. m.; i.SO, S:Ht
S:CO. «:2» d. rn.
SAN RAFAICL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-4:10. 7:E0. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
1:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trips at
1:65 and 6:35 o. m.
SUNDAYS— Sao. 1:40. U:10 a. m.: 1:40. 1:40.
6:05. «:2S p. rn.
Between Ban Francisco and Scouetzra Park
same schedule as shors.
Leave I In Effect. ! ' ArriTo
Pan Francisco. [Apr. 15. 1900.1 San Francisco.
Week j Sun- I I Sun- I We«k
Days. I days, f Destination.! days. | Days.
T:S0am 1:00 tml Novato. 10:40 ami 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 amf Petaluma. <:03 pm|10:23 am
s:10 pm 6:00 pm| Santa Ro«a. 7:35 pmj 1:10 pra
FUlton.
?:S0 am Windsor. 10:25 am
He&ldsburs-
Lytton.
Oeyservilla.
J:JO pm 8:00 am Cloverdals. 7:J3 pm 0:30 pm
7:39 ami I Hopland I 110:23 am
1:30 pm| 8:00 ami and Uklah. I 7:35 praj 6:20 pa
7:30 am 110:23 am
S:00 am Guerneville. 7:33 pxnf
1:80 pm ¦ - ¦ | «:20 pra
7:39 am 8:00 am Sonoma J 1:13 am! 8:40 am
> > and |
t:10 pm 3:00|pm Glen Ellen. 6:06 pm[ «:t0 pra
7:J0 ami I:CO ami |1O:4<5 am!10:!S tnt
8:30 pmj B:CO pm! Sebastcpol. I 7:35 pmt «:» pm
Stacrs connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Fprin«rs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for AltnirJa: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: *t
Geys*rvtll« for Skaccs Sprtr.»-s: at Cloverda!*
for the Oeysers: at Hopland for Dun.?ai
Springs, Hlg-hland Springs, Kelseyville, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lafceport and Bartlett
Springs; at TJklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lak». Witter
Spring's. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside. Uerley's, Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr*s Hot
Springs. Mendocino City, Fort Bran. W«at-
port Usal. WHMts, Laytorrvtlle. Cutrunlns.
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer. Scotl»
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday roun4* a trtt> tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. (20 Market St.. Chronicle bid*.
H C. WHITINO. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
RATT.BOAI) TRAVEL.
MWVT1IKKM PAViriO CONI'i.M.
' Trains IM<« ni»I »r« tlia* l*> nrrlf • «4
MAX fit a. air ¦ «•«¦«».
(Main Line. Foot of M»rk«t Street.)
tiATi — Fkok 8irniiBZB 12, 1300. — abjuti
•T:««*. Beiitda. Suisun, Elmira, VaciTWe.
Bamwy and SMrwaonta *7»43p
*? :«tt A Shasta Eiprssa— Dmtia. William* (.tot
. ¦ Bartlett SprinsiA Willows, Keit
Blufl, Portland. *Tt4Sr
*7s3«a M*rtlnet,.SiulUuion.V*lleJo, Napa,
Calistof a aud Santa Roaa *4i1Sf
•S:O»a D»t1s, Woodland. Knights Ltadlng.
MaryaviUe. oro'illa.. •7USf
•»>«•* Atlantlo Kxpren— <>llen and Baat »I«»43»
•««••» Nile*, Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton »1HI3*
•»ia»A 8au Jose, Lbermors, Stockton,
' lone, Sacramento. PIkjittIIIs,
M»rr«»IlI«. Chlco, Ue.t Jtii.rT MilV
•«i3o 4 o»kii»;f, ChtafM. souori. Cwtcn... »4il3r
•»!»•» Hajwards, Hiln and Way HtaUooa. *1 1 1 «»*
•U:OU* Lm ADiele* Express — M»rtiui»t
Tncj, Lathrop. Stockton, Mueed
FreaDO »ud hot Anjole» *7il3r
•9sS*4 »»UfK Martinsi »m« Way SlaUona '»i«f
•IO;<IO» Tha OmUud Limited— Ogdeo. D«n-
»er, Omaha. Chicago *«:4*r
'11:09a Kilf», Stockton, Saarameato. M«n-
dotm. Framo, Ilaafoxd. VU»:i*.
Port«Tviil« «liI3»
"11 :OO » LiTcnnnra. Sancsr. Oomhen Jobo-
tlon, Baknraflsld, Lob Angelea.....
•I -1:00m H»jw»rd». «il«a and Vftj auUont. *»i t Tr
fliOOr SiCtMueuto Klt«rSt«am«ii 4Si00a
*3:00f H»yw»rdj. Nile* aad VV*r SUtlos*. •»! 4.1f
*4:UUp Martioax, San Uaroou. V»!lejo,
S»p». l.%!i-.t..ga. -S*iitm Uo«* «llll3*
•*i«»r B-uici«. Winters, M»ct»in»nto.
VVoo.ll»t..l. KuUhta L»adln«.
MairiTllis. Orofllla •Mill*
•4tS0pNlles.aanJnM»udStoektoa *7tl3r
•3:00pThrt Owl Lluoltfd— Ttaej, Freno,
Bakendoiil. Hangna for S*oS» Bar-
b»rm. Los Ancelea. •l»il**
•SiOOp Stockton *Vi43a
•SiOsrNew Orlnuu £xpreH-liakmfl«tl4.
Hant* Barbara, Lcs ABf%lef. Dem*
lot. El Puo, New Orleaaa and
East »Ti4»*
•••••p HaToarda. Kiln and 8as Jom *7i4»4
t«iO«r Vallejo »iail3r
•U:Otir Orient*! M»il— Ojdon. Cheyean*.
Omaha. Chicago *lSt49y
•«:«0p Oriental Mail-Ofdaa. Don? er.
Omaba. Chlcaso. MtlSF
*7i«*v NUes, Trmcy. Lathrop, Stockton.... *l*tlSp
*7>OOr O(*co»and California Kii-ri«i.M»o-
rHineutii, Mariarllle, [tinl'tlitf,
I'niklaml, Pujet .Sound and Kut *1i43a
tti«3p ValirK Pott Coita ami Way 8ta-
tlom tl»'**>
COAST Dlft3*IOH (Harrow Umi»).
(Foot of Market Street.)
i7i43* Santa Crui Excursion for fianta
Cnu and Principal Way gtaelona J9i«3p
¦Stl3ANewark.CsHteiTUle,SaaJoa«. Vrttaa.
Boulder Creek.SUn ta Ci \a and Way
Stations •«j*Or
t*al9r Nowuk, CvntorTille, San.Toi«, New
Almad«D, Fi-ltou. Boalder Creek,
Ranta Cnu and Pxlndpat Way
Stations » •l*tn«»
*4it.tr Kawaik. ««o Joa«, Lea Gatoa t««-"»»»
«4il8f Qlcowood. Triton, 8anta On «a»a»»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rnaStl railClSCO— r M t *r Hark*t Strut (Sia I)—
•7il» IIiOOa.k. U:03 •a^a 13:03
•i:00 J3:M 'ScMr.*.
frtmOUUIB— Fi»( t.'lrudwt;.— "6;00 8:00 10.00 i.n.
U2:C3 «l:03 UC3 «3:S3 U=D3 ¦5:03 p.m.
COAST D1T1SION (Hroail <;*m«).
(Tblrii nnd Towrnrml St» )
t«:l»* Oettn View, 3outb Han rranouco.. t<*i3«r
i7:0O* 8ati Jom and Way SUtloua (No-,*
Almaden We.liwsd.js oi.!y) *l>8*p
J7:SOi Sunday Excursion fir San Jom.
Santa Cruz, . Paclilo Grots aad
Principal Way Stations...^ piXlp
•BtOO* San Join. Tres Piuoa, HanU Cnu,
Paeitis Urov*. I'aan Itnblea. 8aa
I.iii* Olilnpo, Surf, Lompoc and
l'rtucf|<al W«r SMInni *4;IOp
•IOtl»« fi»a Joae mid Way Station* t «iM»
•IIi3Oa »»uJos«,Loaaato«»iMtW*yStatlona *3i30p
tatlSrSau M*t-o. Redwood, Menlo Park.
Palo A Ito. Slot* Clara, San .)<•»«.
Tres Pinoa, Smiita Orui, Sallnaa,
Mouteisyand Paeffle GroT* tl*>3*a
t»iX*p 9an Joss aud Way SUUoua *?:3»r
t Iil3p Saa Jose ami Principal Way Stations *9>i3t
t3iO«r8»n Josa, hot Gatoa and Principal
Way Stations t«>«*a
*Si30p San Jose and Principal Way Stations ?«::!-¦% *
¦«:»Op San Joss and Way Stations tSi*»*
Hl:45p San Josa and Way Stations T»»0p
A for Morning. I* for A ftemoon.
•Daily. i Sunday excapted. X Sunday only.
• Satorday only.
m Saturday and Sunday, ejlondaz only.
AUCTION SALES
3-V AUCTION SALE! fc*
TUESDAY. Sept. t5. 11 o'clock, at 16a MAR-
KET ST., of Horses, suitable for all purposes,
broken and unbroken. S. WATKINS.
. . - Auctioneer.
£a £* fca
AT AUCTION on Market St., between Twelfth
. and Thirteenth. TUESDAY. September 25. w»
will sail 37 draft and driving horses, 3 spans
handsome black teams; these hor*es must b«
gold. . S. WATKIX3.
Lve. San Francisco. 9:00 a m 4:10 p m 8:00 p m
Arr. Stockton 12:30 p m 7:15 p m 11:05 p m
" Merced ........ 3:42 pm — — — 1:18 am
" Fresno 4:20 pm 3:05 am
•' Vlnalla 6:00 p ra 4:50 a m
" Tulare 6:2- p m r 5:10 a m
"" Hanford ...... 6:33 pm '. . 7:09 am
" Bakersfleld. ... 1:50 pro 7:30 am
" Denver; 10:00 am ________
" Kansas City... 5:15 pm
".Chicago 7*40 a m
» a. m. train is the Overland Express. Corr*»
¦ponding train arrives at < p. m. dally. 1
4:10 p. cu is Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives 11:05 a. m. daily. ¦
8:00 p. nv. is Fresno and Bakersfleld Express.
with Sleeping Cars tor both cities. Correspond-
ing: train arrives at S a. m. dally.
OFFICES— 641 Market it. and In Ferry Depot,
Ban Francisco:. 1US .Broadway.. Oakland. —Experiments In France have showed"
that chimney Foot Is valuable, both as a
fertilizer and as an Insecticide. Its fer
tilizing properties are particularly noted
in gardens and meadows. M. Dasserre. a
wine grower ln Southern France, avers
that "chimney soot kills the phylloxera
with the rapidity of a stroke of lightning,
and at the same time endows the vines
with extraordinary energy of growth/*
Other experimenters, however, have not
found it effective in the case of phylloxera,
although it kills many kinds of larvae.
Chimney Soot,
Colonel Campbell also came ln on tha
Grerit. He 13 attached to the Thirtieth
Infantry, and prior to going to the Philip
pines was colonel of an Illinois regiment.
G. P. Anderson. Superintendent of
Schools at Manila, was another distin
guished passenger. He Is enthusiastic
over the results of the school work ln
Manila. It has been no easy matter g*t~
ting the system well started, but ha
thinks the worst of the obstacles hav»
now been overcome. ' Mr. Anderson went
direct from the Grant to Oakland. Georg©
M. "Wolfe, superintendent of the military
prison at Manila, was another of tha
Grant's passengers.
Franklin Brooks, a graduate of Stanford
University, who left this city for Manila
two years ago as correspondent for tha
Associaed Press, Is back and full of praise
for America's new possessions. He Is now
the owner and editor of the American, a
dally paper which he founded ln Manila.
He says no one contemplates the election
of Bryan in the Philippines.
W. R. Washburn and Lieutenant Er
rest E. Haskell were in the party with
Lieutenant Gibson, as was w. B. Staf
ford, aid to Governor Leary at Guam. The.
latter has been ordered to report at Gov
ernment headquarters ln this city Imme
diately.
The bullet which struck Lieutenant Gib
son passed through hla left cheek, pierced
hJs tongue, came out at the base of the
right cheek and penetrated the shoulder.
Gibson says the hospital ship Relief
draws so much water that It cannot be
brought close to the shore at a number
of points where troops are stationed, and
the need, therefore, of a lighter ship, ha
says, is obvious. The lieutenant says he
never saw a cake of ice or a glass of fresh
milk until he reached Manila,
Flaviano Abrew, Jose Abrew, Felipe
Buencamino, Victor Buencamino, Joaquin,
Rafael and Marias Rocos.
T. F. Hobby, Charles Burns, I. C. Cross.
Mrs. P. H. O'Reilly. Miss Winnie White
house, E. S. Bronssard, E. E. Carey, Miss
E. M. Weathers, Mlsa Clara Hughes. Allss
Mary Barkley,. Miss Lottie Deckworth
and Miss Frances L. Buchanan, nurses:
First Sergeant Edward Carr and Corporal
Edward Saunders. John McMahon and
Frank Hoyle, refugees from China.
At Nagasaki the following prisoners, all
formerly privates in the army, escaped:
William H. Bell, Company I. Thirty
sixth Infantry; Thomas Campbell. L.
Third Infantry; Warren Crow, £>, Third
Cavalry; Edward Golden, H, Twelfth In
fantry: George W. Harlan, ,K, Thirty
sixth Infantry: Samuel G. Masterson, E.
Fourth Cavalry; Henry H. Mitchell. I>,
Third Cavalry; Robert Strickland, C.
Forty-eighth Infantry: Ernest A. Wilde.
F. Twelfth Infantry; William H. Welch,
A, Thirty-sixth Infantry.
Among the Grant's, passengers were
seven Filipinos, nve of whom have come
to the United States with the intention of
benefiting themselves by the country's
superior educational opportunities. The
youths vary in age from 12 to 15. They
are accompanied by Don F. Abreu, a
prominent Filipino, reputed to be worth
more than $4,000,000, and Don. J. C. Abreu.
Two of the lads are grandsons of Don
F. Abreu, while the other three are regis
tered as T. R. and M. Rooes, whose par
ents are dead, but who are being cared
for by wealthy relatives. The boys will
all be sent to a preparatory school at first
and then It Is planned to enter them In
the University of California.
Lieutenant George E. Gibson of the
Thirty-fourth Regiment came in on the
Grant and has been ordered to the Pre
sidio to be examined by Colonel Glrard.
Lieutenant Gibson received a severe
wound in the Philippines on July 22 while
participating in a Ditched battle on a
steep hill between companies from the
Twenty-second and Thirty-fourth In
fantry and a band of 500 or more Filipinos
Henry Page. Mrs. A. B. Hoff. Miss A.
Conley.
George M. Wolfe, superintendent of
Blllbld Prison, and Mrs. Wolfe. Alvin
Seale, Mrs. T. H. Mead, Miss Olife Mue,
Mrs. H. D. Green, E. B. Smith. J. A.
Sohrens, G. P. Anderson. Superintendent
of Public Schools; J. V. Montrief, Frank
lin Brooks.
lack School Wins.
Teams representing the, Lick School and
Boone's Academy playecNj^practJce game
of football at Berkeley yesterday, victory
smiling upon the former.. The .* score
was 17-0.
Judge Roes. will decide to-morrow at Los
Angeles; the latest cases . Involving the
conflicting claims of the scrippers and the
mineral locators to oil, lands in this State.
Two suits were tried as one, the facts be
ing about the same and the issues Iden
tical. The plaintiffs „ were the ( Cosmos
Exploration Company and the Pacific
Land and Improvement Company. The
defendants were the Gray Eagle Oil Com
pany and the Elmwood Oil Company.
The new claims in this suit are that. the
land was not known as mineral land- until
the mineral oil was actually £ounfi and
Issues Scrippers
and Placer. Locators to \
Be Settled.
JUDGE ROSS TO
GIVE DECISION
ON OIL CLAIMS
Students of stock transactions on 'change
cannot but note the slight effect produced on
values by good news. There are stocks which
represent property j on which repeated strikes
have been made, some of them of great Im
portance, and yet the stock is selling to-day at
practically the same ¦ price It brought before
oil was discovered. In one case a • company
now has a dally production of fullj\400 barrels
from three wells and the stock 1 has not fluctu
ated more than five points since the company
was a non-producing wildcat. This makes , It
look as . though most of • the stock selling ia
based on the hope of immediate returns rather
than selection for. revenue producers. Much of
the stock of many companies-Is held as a source
of present or prospective revenue, but It looks
as though little buying with that In view took
place on the exchange.
the greatest use for crude fuel oil in Cali
fornia will be found in metallurgical work.
Oil is used at the Selby Smelting Works
In melting down silver. All the oil used
is blown with steam. The solution to the
question of how to work copper ores pro
fitably may be the use of petroleum.
A company has begun. operations in the
vicinity of Tehachapi. It bears the appro
priate name of the Summit Company. No
oil has been found there, nor have there
been any marked seepages to be observed,
but there are great expectations based
upon the report of an expert.
The Los Angeles Herald calls attention
to a phenomenon in the market for oil
company's stock. It says:
"Why has the Standard £ entered this
field?" counter-queried Mr. Miller. "Be
cause we are in- tho petroleum business
and because we have been Importuned by
producers and dealers to do so."
The fire >that . destroyed -the • pumping
plant of the Oxnard and Sea Cliff Com
pany at. Summerland will have the effect
of stopping sixty wells In the center of the
field. ...
Ernst A- Dsnlcke says that probably
that evidence of oil formation did not en
title It to be considered as oil land until
discovery of oil was made.. There was a
large array of attorneys in Los Angeles
when the testimony was taken. Judge
Ross has notified the lawyers that the de
clelon will be given upon the opening of
court. The decision will be of great inter
est all over the State and especially In
the Kern River district.
W. S. Miller, manager of the Standard
Oil Company's Interests on the coast, has
been Interviewed concerning the attitude
of his company toward the Kern River
district producers of petroleum. He sai.l
that- the Standard Company was going
into the, Kern River district to buy oil.
He was not prepared to say anything
concerning the Sunset District until a rail
way was built in there, supplying a way
to get the oil out Three 35,000 barrel
tanks had been shipped- to the Kern River
district and others -would be supplied as
they- were needed for the use of the com
pany. No contracts had yet been made In
the Kern River district, for: the company
was not ready to do business . there yet,
but would be In about, one month. Tho
company would not refine the Kern River
fiistrlct;oil. It was entirely a fuel propo
sition. If greater storage' was needed in
San Francisco it would-be provided. 1 All
this Mr. Miller said.
Late last night the knife wielder was
arrested and booked on a charge of an
assault to commit murder. He claims
that he did not know he had stabbed his
brother until told so by a companion.
Prior to cutting his relative, he claims,
he had a row with another boy and when
his brother spoke to him he drew his
knife, not knowing what he was doing,
and struck at him, not Intending to in
jure him.
was of an extremely vicious tempera
ment and was never without hla trusted
weapon— a long, keen-bladed knife. '»
The doctors at the hospital say that tho
knife penetrated Frank's lung, but they
have hopes of saving the boy's life.
brother has tried to murder me," said
Frank. "Some time ago I spoke to him
about his wayward tendencies, and he
picked un a carving-knife and hurled it
at me. I managed to dodge the weapon
and thus saved myself from being injured.
Two days ago he threatened to send me
to the Morgue, and my mother told me
to look out for him. When I returned
home the following night he met me, but
did not attempt to injure me. He after
ward told our mother that he Intended to
kill me at that time, but as I wore a
heavy coat he concluded that the knife,
would not penetrate the garment and de
termined to await a more favorable op
portunity."
The mother of the boys said Charles
YOUTH WHO WAS STABBED BY HIS VICIOUS YOUNGER BROTHER
WHILE TRYING TO INDUCE HIM TO RETURN HOME, AND WHO IS
NOW LYING IX THE RECEIVING HOSPITAL.
America Leads in Wall Paper.
Fifty years ago wall paper was imported
from half a dozen different European
countries, but even before the adoption
of the Dinyley tariff American machine
methods turned the scales. In point of
artistic patterns, France may still be
eMghtly ahead. Her gobelin textures are
Inimitable, and German chemists have
patented plans for achieving gaudy color
effects at a minimum expense. In ©very
Other respect America Is taking the lead.
Labor caving contrivances, undreamt of
la Europe, have reduced the cost of print-
Ing, sizing and rolling two-thirds. — Indian
apolis Press.
FRANK PELLETIER. aged 15
years, was stabbed and severely
wounded last evening by his
brother, Charles, aged 14 years.
Tho cutting occurred at Four
teenth and Mission streets. According to
the wounded boy he was walking along
Mission street in search of the vicious
brother, when the latter accosted him and
demanded to know why he was looking
for him.
"I want you to go home with me," re
plied Frank. "Mother is worried over
your absence."
Without deigning to reply the murder
ous youth drew a. long knife and plunged
the blade into his brother's side. Not
knowing he had been stabbed, Frank
grabbed his brother and in trying to dis
arm him one of the fingers of his right
hand was cut. After he had taken the
knife from Charles the wounded boy
walked across the street to an electric
light, and while examining his hand to
eee how badly it was cut he discovered
that he had been stabbed in the side. By
this time his brother, evidently fearing
arrest, had run along Fourteenth street
and disappeared In the darkness.
Acting on the advice of a friend Frank
went to the Railroad Hospital, where the
wound in his side was treated.
Subsequently he was removed to the Re
ceiving Hospital. On being Informed of
tho cutting Captain Seymour sent Detect
ives Ed Gibson and Crockett to arrest the
knife wielder. They visited the scene of
the stabbing, but were unable to get a
trace of the boy.
Shortly after Frank had been taken to
the Receiving Hospital his mother visited
him. She told the doctors tnat Charles
had been away from home for about a
month and' seemed bent on leading a dis
solute life. Frequently, she said, he de
clared that he would kill his brother. She
paid little attention to his threats until
several days ago, when he showed her a
knife after remarking that he intended
using it on Frank, She told the latter of
his younger brother's bloodthirsty re
marks., but thinking he was only joking
be laughed at them.
"This. Is not the first time that- my
Vicious Charles Pelletier Plunges Knife Into the Side of His Brother
Frank, Whom He Had Frequently Threatened to Murder.
: Mrs. J. M. J. Sanno and Miss ¦. Sanno,
Mrs. G. F. Downey and two children. Mrs.
GeorfireS.-Dunr.oru.MtM E. Mosely. Mrs.
Colonel J. M. J. Sanno, Eighteenth In
fantry; • Lieutenant Colonel James R.
Campbell, Thirtieth Infantry; Major J. A.
Augur, Fourth Cavalry; Captain George
Palmer, Ninth Infantry; Captain Edward
Chynoweth, Seventeenth Infantry'; Cap
tain Charles^W. Jefferson, Forty-ninth In
fantry; Captain George E. Gibson, Thirty
fourth Infantry; First Lieutenant Henry
Page, assistant surgeon; First Lieutenant
E. H. Haskell, Twenty-first Infantry;
Lieutenants John A.' Jackson and Jesse L.
Hall. Thirty-third Infantry: Drs. Walter
R. Washburn and J. C. Carllngton, Lieu
tenants W: E. Safford ' and r A, "¦ B. Hoft,
U. S..N. • . , „..,,.. : • ,. •-. ,;,
On September 12 Private Warren Drura
mond died of chronic dystentery in lati
tude 42 degrees 45 minutes north, longi
tude 174 degrees 15 minutes east, while the
next day when the transport was almost
on the equator Private John Martin
passed away from the same disease.
• Private John L. Showalter, Company A,
Thirty-ninth Infantry, died September '14,
and Private Maynard E. Graves, Com-
E any B, Thirty-ninth Infantry, died on
eptember 17, both of dysentery; Thomas
J. Mllloy, Company F, Thirty-ninth In
fantry, died September 18 of malaria; Pri
vate Charles Owens, Company G, Thirty
ninth Infantry, died September 21 of
chronic diarrhea, and Corporal Archibald
Roulston, Company F, Twenty-seventh
Infantry, died of acute dystentery on the
same date. . Both of these men passed
away while the ship was in sight of port
and their last wish was gratified as they
got a sight of their native land before
passing away.
The remains of all the men who died on
the way up were brought home. The re
mains of thirty-seven other soldiers who
died In the Philippines were also brought
home on the transport. Of these latter.
Captain William L. Murphy was shot
through the lungs in an infantry Charge
on August 13 last, while First Lieutenant
Frederick Hul&eberg came to his death
on August 1 from a gunshot wound. All
the others. whose remains came upon the
Grant ¦ perished from disease.
The cabin passengers on the Grant
were: ,
Private James W. Dougherty, Company
F, Twent5'-first Infantry, died on Septem
ber 7 of dysentery in latitude 37 degrees
47 minutes north, longitude 145 degrees 1G
minutes east. Four days later, in latitude
42 degrees 56 minutes north, longitude 166
degrees 4 minutes east, Private Robert
Goodrich died from the same disease.
On September 4 in latitude 42 degrees 33
minutes north, longitude 29 degrees 53
minutes east. Corporal Hugh C. Miller,
Company C, Thirty-second Infantry, died
of pneumonia.
Leaving the Philippines many of the
men were in a precarious condition and
some of them who are now on the road
to recovery never expected to see San
Francisco. While the Grant was in Naga
saki harbor Private Edward A. Stearnes,
Company F, Thirty-ninth Infantry ,_dled
of chronic diarrhea." This was""on~the 2nd
inst. The same day Lieutenant Kaston
Burchard, assistant surgeon, Fortieth In
fantry, died of chronic dysentery.
The United States army transport Grant
arrived from Manila via Nagasaki yes
terday. She brought over fifty-four cabin
passengers, elghty^three discharged sol
diers and eighteen discharged* sailors, 35a
sick men and eight insane soldiers. The
ship came in with her flag at half mast,
there having been thirteen deaths during
the voyage.
Thirteen Deaths Occurred
During Voyage From
Manila Here.
GRANT REACHES
PORT WITH FLAG
AT HALF MAST
BOY OF SIXTEEN DANGEROUSLY STABBED
BY HIS DISSOLUTE YOUNGER BROTHER
Harry E. Perry •will have two years for
reflection in the per.iter.tiary at San Quen
tin. and at the <r.d of that period he will
have concluded that it S? a bad business
investment to purchase goods -with coun
terfeit half do;iars. Harry used to have
a good time Rt the Union Coursing- Park
swapping tad halves and receiving one
cigar and forty cents in pood money for
each bad pi^ce. but Secret Service Agent
Hazen spoiled his fun by catching him Sn
the act and convicting him in the United
States District Court.
Jurtg? de Haven imposed sentence yes
terday, and would have mad* the punish
ment "more severe had it not been for the
lact that Perry had proved that hip repu
tation up to "the day of his arrest had
been eood.
"Will Befiect foi Two Years in San
Quentin on His Good Repu
tation.
COtTNTERTEITEB. PEB.BY
BECZTVES SENTENCE
THE SAN FRAKC1SCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1900.
32
a " ]S ' uls *' e an^ bustle in the old store, an atmosphere of enthusiasm is
!\vi^^^^^^Blk J//^^\ noticeable in every department as time shortens here, it tells of an early
-rJlP^I move to our new home — beautiful, modern, only six days more and Hale's
VM^^^^^S nt h ' nen pillow tops * old store will close forever; but in that short week we will crowd so much of value-
Y'V JA'\ '//W the 2rt needlework de- •• 111 1O1 1 "i±i 11 111 1 * a* i ji • •
(W^^^^^^ra |yS?h m spiUdid im chai«s iu a s s g ivin g" "™ nex ' Saturday night should record the. biggest six days business in
l\^^^^^^^ i^ s . : SPC " r C anC " .^ '* s history, to-day's news gives but a meager hint of the many opportunities;
1 li VWs MJmJKI 'ifflWlff W / /// linen pillow-tops, with ¦ .. ¦ • i-i- ¦ 11 1 1 n' r r ••
Xvv^^W^^^M / r Jse *b2Kt p of violets Tnd man Y even better values, in quantities too small to tell of, are yours for the
Vj^^^^'^^P (a dSy dVsigns-now.^aafc choosing at prices that will make this last sale in our old store a pleasing
'\^^^^^'-WM I' tops a11 finished that wc wiU and long'-linp'erinp" memory.
ribbon beauties-more than four miles odd lots ot men's goods go this week notions! toileHable and sewing-room
th ,,oo n ™<TX u p^ much below value. needfuls under price.
naturally there would be rich gleanings left these have been the furnishing goods department is straightening out stock pre- wouldn't it be wise to note your needs so you may have them
gathered together and prices smartly reduced to dose them out paratqry to removal and finds many odds and ends— very, desirable . supplied while this chance is open? this list may be helpful
quickly, there anil be an excellent variety from which to choose to- 35 individuals, but the quantities are too small to bother with in the .u^,,^ u'i ,,„,.„ ,„„.,„.„,. r ,^» .u- r » . *• 1 • t u-
morrow- for several days, perhaps-but the assortment will never new store, all these have been gathered together and placed on a th ° Ugh lt , s . very mea * er - note thl f> toc > : ever y article ln this no-
be so good asain as to-morrow, you'll find them in the second table in the second aisle and priced for a speedy eviction, four tI0n stock 1S a wortn V one, even though the price be half or less,
aisle, where the crowd is thickest. hints: corduroy skirt bindings in tan whalebone casing in black.
fancy ribbons — beautiful as fancy ribbons — pretty stripes men's linen collars — odds men's cotton ribbed under- garnet — also cord edge bind- white, drab, red and yellow —
an Italian sunset plaid* and * n combination with hem- and ends in sizes and styles wear in blue or brown — slight- ings in green and garnet — nine yard pieces — regular price
." H H ff t stitching — full of quiet ele- that accumulated during the . ly fleeced — your choice, and it worth 5c a yard — now 2c 5c each — reduced to 2c
Etnpes ana new coraea enects szncc an d beauty— two-toned recent great sale— choice, each will be a matchless value, e^h ladies* side hose supporters McCall's patterns and fash-
— ne*- and charming color effects in lilac and white, helio- 5e 40e —made of fancy frilled elastic ion sheets for October have ar-
combinations— 3U inches wide trope and black and black and men's scarlet wool under- men's fast black cotton half with button catch— blue, pink, rived, no good patterns so
— this season's coods — every white— five inches wide — a wear — all sizes — worth $1.00 a hose — full seamless — worth 10c "cardinal, orange and black — low priced — no low priced pat-
yard was cut from the looms splendid quality and one of the garment — reduced to 79c a pair — reduced to 6 l-4c now, per pair 9c terns so good — 10c and 15c
just before the removal sale best ribbon values we ever
staYted — to close, and quickly, asked you to become interest- -~ j r • "
we reduce them to, per j-ard.. ed in — reduced to, per yard.. T^fS^ /fiSS^ Jj$$F/
all-silk, satin and grosarrain ribbon, in a broken line of colors, that OUT /M$ft /Muff /^§&MjiLf £4&uLz£ V&*L^i£7' t^FL^%!£&) Catalogue
we will close out this week at these almost ridiculously little new /Ma/ /Mai VSS^^^pG^^fiS^ QMQT DllbllShed
nos. 5 and 7— were nos. Q and 12— were nos. 16 and 22— were . C<3ta!O££Ue. /M*/ -O^IJTiJnh^ FIOW ready.
S 1-3C and :oc a a 15c and 16 2-3C a «~ 20c and 2Sc a j rj •* *-*gfeaa^J^ <^<L^fcy ZfU*JfiJ*~Zt^^ , .
yarc j now "^ yard — now '*" yard — now . .. * "C- • w^*^^^^
our energies will be bent this week to the clearing: of all last
lots of merchandise in the old store, you can figure the conse-
quences yourself, price is trie lever that will hurry the following
very quickly.
dress garnitures — a splendid miscellaneous lot — including: black
silk cord yokes, black mohair reveres, fancy silk cord fronts and
black spangled butterflies— original prices $1.25, $1.50 and $1.75 each
— your choice now 4Sc and OSc each
dress trimming buckles^ — metal belt buckles-^-several
rhinestone, pearl, gilt, jet and different styles in gilt and
enameled — some were 40c and white metal — former prices 25c
50c each — now — choice at..S>c and 35c a set — now 5c
-ladies' neckwear — slightly ladies' neckwear— choice of a
soiled and crushed pieces— table full of slightly soiled
worth when clean and fresh uo pieces that sold up to $1 00
to 35c each— now Oc eac h f or «5 C
kid gloves — the remainder of ladies' neckwear — many dif-
the lot that created such a fu- ferent styles — all more or less
ror last week at 39c a pair will soiled or crushed — worth uo
be closed out at 30c to $1.75 each— now 4Sc
trimmings and neckwear— odd jots to go
to the quickstep of cut prices.
we have something like a hundred and twenty-five pairs of lace
curtains of all sorts and kinds — no two alike — that have been used
is store samples and have become more or less soiled from hand-
ling, we do not care to move them to the new store, and to close
them out — speedily — <omrJetely — we mark them at prices so de-
cidedly at variance with their value that you will see saving enough to
want them, there's a first, second and third choice, which do you
want? prompt comers will fare best — of course.
6-4 art ticking table covers 8-4 art. ticking table covers
—plain red, blue and $rreen same style as described in op-
grounds with tamboured I cor- ffii^S^ffi^wS
ners and white braid embroid- $2.50— now 91.50
ered centers in very tasty de- brass curtain chains — were
signs — very handsome and in- 25c a pair — to make room for
expensive^ — were $1.40 each — new lines we reduce them to
now §1.05 4c
this annoupcement is of various inexpensive sorts— much under
price, though low in price, they are not of the inferior qualities
that usually sell at little prices, dependable goods— else they would
not be here at any price. ' to pay more is to throw money away.
ladies' genuine oneita union women's flannelette night-
suits, fall and winter weights — gowns with Hubbard yokes
fleece lined— pearl buttons— and turn down collars — full
elastic covered seams— either . . £
ecru or natural grav-all sizes sizes-made of 2 ood quality,
knit to fit— a splendid value at. flannelette, in pink and blue
per suit 43c stripes and checks — were 30c
. . ,,".,, . each — now 39c
baby cloaks — both long: and r
short — made of cream white women s muslin drawers —
bedford cord— box plaited made of good quality soft fin-
backs — bretelles over shoul- ish muslin — some have wide
ders — turn down collars — cambric ruffles around bottom
handsomely trimmed with silk —others have cambric ruffles
braid and ribbon — only trimmed with lace — now —
91.3S per Pa^ 19c
ladies' fast black seamless Hale's iron thread hose-
cotton hose— good weight— for boys or girls— extra
full lenjrths^ — very elastic — heavy — full seamless and elas-
fashioned leges and narrowed tic — wide or narrow ribs —
ankles— double soles, heels and extra double knees, heels and
toes — either plain or Richelieu toes— all sizes— 6 to 10— 3 pairs
ribbed— per pair lil l-2c for 5Oc
sample lace curtains, slightly soiled,
reduced a third or more.
women's gowns, drawers, knit underwear
and baby cloaks.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE
1230-1232-1234 Market S*b
STYLISH AND PERFECT-FITTING
TAILOR-MADE GARMENTS
KAT F*OF>ULAR PRICES!
TUESDAY and Following Days This Week We Will Offsn
BLACK' AND GRAY CAMEL'S HAllR TAILORED SUITS, with silk r e -
vers. Jacket lined with Peau de Soie, Skirt with Xearsilk: ths very latest
style; splendid value for $20, at - S15.OO
-A-t
ELEGANT QUALITY BLACK CHEVIOT TAILORED SUITS tight fit-
ting. Jacket lined with good quality Taffeta Skirt lined throughout with
Nearsilk; real value 525, at | SlS.JSO
NEWEST ETON. NEWEST BLOUSE EFFECT. NEWEST BOX SUITS.
sio.oo. s12.no. .sio.oo. sso.oo. #1:5.00.
EX TRA SPECIAL!
500 NEWEST STYLES OP GOLF CAPES AT STRICTLY WHOLESALE
PRICES.
....SEE OUR WINDOWS....
SAN FRANCliCO.
THE NEW MODERN SHOE STORE.
5O THIRD STREET,
Second Shoe Store from Market,
5 - Id In San Francisco Exclusively by
Sizes 2 to 9.
Widths AAA to EE:
ALWAYS $3.50
FORTY-FIVE STYLES
Shoes famous from Maine
to California. Discrim-
inating buyers refuse
the "JUST AS GOOD."
They say Is the slncerest
flattery; but imitators
will never reach that goal
of perfection which made
Most counterfeit documents are de-
tected through some individual peculiar-
ity of tbe counterfeiter, of wijlch he him-
self is not aware.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale : s.
Hale's.