SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 22, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVIII-NO. 83.
ed; troops.
!'I don't fear the foreigners. . In the case
of-Sanmun I : refused Italy, with^the re
sult that nothing was taken. It Is evi
deriMhe foreign devils are cowards. I and
Prince I Tung ," recently * obtained j the help
of millions • of I Boxers J , possessing ; magnifi
cent boldness. 1 I swear to murder all the
foreigners with, the '« assistance"' of the
Boxers,' ; who are supplied with armi."\? >
~.\ General ' Tung 1 - Fa * Slan . , In ; his * reply,
which was also obtained,'- says he is of the
, same C and - places the ; Kansu
troops at General Yung Lu's disposal.
HONGKONG," Aug. 21.— A prominent re-
the. appointment of peace representatives
at this time. ¦ The United States is in
communication with other powers respect
ing the replies which they will make, and
it la likely that they will all be of prac
tically the same tenor." . .
SWEARS TO MURDER
ALL THE FOREIGNERS
1 "The foreign devils, counting -on their,
superior strength 'in warships -and* guns, 1
have dared j to exert all . their power; to rob
and .* Insult-I us'.' but .. their ; populations '. are
small and. entirely; dependent on; the ;ChI
ne8e . productions. ' . China i now * possesses
cannon and rifles and plenty of well-train-"
',.:-. ' .-¦ ¦.¦->•-¦¦.••... ... .-—.„.,.-. -.. ... ! .
former has 'obtained f torn the Tamen run
ners a letter. from' General Yung Lu, com
mander-in-chipf of the northern 'army,' to
General Tung Fu Slan, commanding; the
Kar.su troops, saying : "It is' not conveni
ent to accomplish my secret orders," and
proceeding: -" ' ,• ¦ - ¦¦.-'.'" .>-.') : '%.'¦!
; Among the passengers who sailed for the
Orient on the steamer Gaelic yesterday
were twelve: army- doctors. They are os
tensibly bound for HongKong, but one and
all expect orders at Nagasaki to switch off
and go to Taku and Join the United States
army In China. '
I Among those who were put aboard the
, Sherman at the last moment were fifteen
shipwrights, three joiners and three calk
ers.- These men have all been hlred'at $5
ft. day, commencing yesterday, and will re
ceive wages at that rate until they get
back to San Francisco. '¦ They are engaged
to build eight river barges for the Govern
ment at Taku. They expect to be^ gone
six months, and' will be required to "work
night and day until the barges are com
pleted. iW>M
~ • > ¦•.¦¦¦ •-.:• ¦ - • • -¦ • •
China yesterday with 1174 soldiers aboard.
The; troops that delayed her arrived dur
ing, the ! night and she got- away promptly
at noon. By the delay the' Sherman sailed
on 'the -first anniversary of the day on
•which she came into San Francisco with
the California troops- aboard. The crew
marked the coincidence I and • wondered
whether or not a .year; from now they
would be bringing troops back from
China. " ' • •
ond Lieutenant H. J. \ Brees Is . second In
command. . ¦ ¦ '. '.-.
There was no trouble . In. getting the
horses aboard .the ."Strathgyle. Each
trooper came along in turn with • five
mounts, and they went up ' the gangway
and down into the hold like sddlers.on pa
rade. The -Ninth Cavalry has been to
Cuba and back again and across the con
tinent, so the horsrs have learned' what
is wanted of them and act like veterans. ¦>
The freight transport "Egbert is- being
loaded in a hurry with quartermaster's
eupplles, and 'will go to Taku 1 direct. The
Belgian King will dock at Fo^som-street
wharf on Thursday and will load, the siege
battery now on the wharf. The Rosecrans
will take the men of the siege battery, and
both vessels will sail for • Taku on the 26th
inst. The Federica will take the horses of
two light batteries and the Logan will
take the men to handle them. Both.ves
sels will.go to China direct and will: sail
September 1. : " T ' ¦'
The Norwegian ¦ steamer- Eldsvold ar
rived from Kobe via Yokohama and Hono
lulu ; Monday 'night. She ; Is reported"' as
being under ,charterito' the Russian 1 ;Gov
ernment-and will carry provisions ; from
here . to Port Arthur. -
The transport j Sherman got away ; for
THE horses . for the Ninth Cavalry
will not get away for- China until
noon to-day. It was thought that all
the animals and the provisions would
be aboard the transport Strathgyle late
yesterday afternoon, but the shipping of
the horses took longer than was expected,
and in consequence the supplies could not
be got aboard.
The members of the Ninth Cavalry all
sailed for China on the 16th inst., but as
the troops will tranship at Nagasaki the
chances are that the horses will get there
as quickly as the riders.
The Strathgyle is a model horse trans
port. The animals -are "stabled on four
decks and the provisions for their com
fort embrace everything that ingenuity
can devise. The horses were not ¦ put
aboard with a. sling. They walked 'up a
prepared gangway and then down pre
pared stairways from deck to deck until
the lower hold was reached. Every stall
is padded. About i fifty wlndsalls are lo
cated at different points in the upper deck.
Special condensing engines will provide
water for the' animals, and a gang; of
ninety-three troopers - will see to It ' that
every horse Is properly" fed. ; >, ¦
First Lieutenant Charles E. Stodter is
in command of the detachment and Sec-
The Cabinet had before lt a message
from Minister Conger received last night.
After the meeting the State Department
made public portions of the dispatch. a»
follows:
"United States Legation, Peking (un
dated), via Chefu. Aug. 20.— Secretary
of State, Washington: Saved. Relief at
rived to-day. Entered city with little
trouble. Do not yet know where Imperial
family is. Except deaths already report
ed, all Americans alive and well. Desper
ate efforts made last night to- exterminate
us. Mitcbell, an American soldier, and a
Russian and Japanese, wounded; German
killed.' Advise Woodward, Chicago; Con
ger. Des Moines; Slma. Council Bluffs;
Conger,- Pasadena; Porter, Paris.
COXGEB.
"¦ "By Fowler. Chefu."
Conger's Latest Message.
The reply "of this Government to this
appeal of the Viceroys of Nanking and
Hunan that no Indignities be offered the
Emperor and Empress Dowager is a for
mal acknowledgment of the receipt of the
communication with a satisfactory assur
ance that no Indignities would be offered
the persons of. their Majesties. This re
ply Is couched In the polite language of
diplomacy, but lt ' is understood that It
does not In any way commit the Govern
ment- to refrain from Imposing on the
Emperor and Empress Dowager any pen
alty that subsequently might be decided
upon in case it Is proved that they were
indirectly responsible for the recent atro
cities. This question of fixing responsi
bility where it belongs and imposing any
punishment that may be deemed fitting
has not received formal consideration as
yet. The answer with which the two
Viceroys" appeal is met. accordingly. Is a
diplomatic assurance that the rights ot
the Emperor and Empress Dowager wlh
be protected, but does not impose an>
barrier to a proper punishment, such as>
may be sanctioned by civilized usage fo*
any offense that hereafter may bo held to
call for an "accounting.
Does Not Commit America.
whatever steps It may take In the solu
tion - of . the . pending problems. In tho
meantime there is reason to believe that
the. United States and all the other pow
ers interested will keep their armed
forces on' the grround, eo that order may
be - maintained and at least a semblance
of stable government brought out of th»
existing chaos.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 21.-The
¦Cabinet session to-day .practi
cally opened the consideration of
the momentous ' questions grow
ing out of the capture of Peking
and 'the war In China. Until to-day's ses
sion the absorbing, question has been the
safety of Minister Conner and the lega
tloners in Peking, j Now, I however, that
has given place to problems of a more In
tricate and far-reaching character, touch-
Ing the existence of the. Chinese, empire
and the part which the American Gov
ernment Is to take In the reconstruction
of that country- -• ¦ ¦- •
The meeting to-day was devoted entire
ly to the Chinese situation. Secretaries
Hay and Root, who have been most active
in directing affairs, were absent from the
city, so that the attendance was compara
tively small, the President having with
him Secretaries Gage, Hitchcock and ¦Wil
son and Postmaster General Smith. Sev
eral questions were awaiting ' attention.
First of these was the application of Lt
Hung Chang for. the appointment of Min
ister, Conger or j some other commissioner
to negotiate for the cessation of hostili
ties.
Decision to Reject Appeal. .;_\
The decision arrived " at was to reject
the appeal, and a reply of this character
will be sent to Minister Wu to be for
warded to Li Hung Chang. The moving
cause for this action j Is that this Govern
ment is at present very much in the dark
as to whether there Is any existing Gov
ernment in China. .
With the capital in the hands of the al
lies., the Emperor and Empress Dowager
fugitives in hiding and the entire gov
ernmental fabric paralyzed, there, is no
evidence of an authority adequate to con
duct negotiations and secure results which
will 'be final and binding.
» It was stated by members of the Cabi
net "that the Chinese establishment. In
stead of .being a government, 'appears. to
be an enormous . headless affair, without
knowledge of what Is for Its j best, good
and. without; power. to enforce Its wishes,
with" the" recognized ruler in ' flight, and
no one seems to know if anybody Is di
recting its affairs. As China Is an abso
lute monarchy. . without any . executive
branch, the Emperor, and j Empress Dow
ager are all powerful; and practlcally
they are the empire of China.' Under the
present* remarkable conditions the United
States will act -with- extreme ¦¦ caution In
take the same course, at any rate until
Earl IA produces satisfactory evidence of
his authority to negotiate." -•
The Dally Chronicle says:
"Mr. Conger has at last opened the eyes
of the State Department- to the real char
acter of the Orientals." - . : ¦..---.
The Daily Express prints this -morning
a long letter said to have been written by
Vice Admiral Seymour, in which he stout
ly defends his action in advancing to tho
relief of the legatlpners when he did, say
Ing: . -¦•«>«
"Two or three times our prospects were
very dark and disaster seemed probable.
Yet 1 never regretted that-I had started,
as I could not have respected myself if I
had not done so."
Referring to the difficulties of controll
ing mixed troops and to their character
istics he savs:
"The Germans we admired most, but
for dash and go none' surpassed or per
haps frjualed the Americans. The French
hed no particular approchement with
othor nationalities. The Germans and
Russians were inclined to hold together,
but the Americans were with us always."
LONDON, Aug., 22. 2:53 a, ra.— In the
news that reaches London this
morning direct from China, there is
nothing to confirm the : report thai
the Empress Dowager has been run
to earth. The foreign envoys, according
to the Shanghai correspondent of th«
Daily Express, are proceeding to Tientsin.
The same correspondent avers that the
sacred city was entered August 15, two
days earlier than Rear Admiral Bruce re
ported.
"The flags of the allies," says the
Shanghai correspondent of the Daily Mail,
wiring yesterday, "are now floating over
the Imperial palace. Street fighting, how
ever continues.
••Considerable assistance In the capture
cf Peking was rendered by 4000 armed
native Christians. The legations were en
abled to hold out by purchasing ammuni
tion from the Chinese."
American action In refusing to deal with
I-i Hung Cnang ;n the peace proposal
meets with unanimous approval at the
hands of the morning papers. The Stand
ard sa ye :
"We Imagine that other powers will
GUARANTEES THERE WILL
BE NO FURTHER DISORDERS
powers to instruct their respective com
manders to cease . hostilities. It is pro
posed by the President to answer the note
received to-day and that presented yester
day requesting the appointment of a high
commissioner to negotiate peace in a
communication which will be transmitted
to Minister Wu probably to-morrow.
This communication will show that the
United States desires peace to be brought
again to China as promptly as possible,
but at the same time it will (question the
existence of a government capable of ap
proving the acts of its envoys and having
them, accepted by the whole people. The
character of the reply which this Govern
ment should make was the subject of dis
cussion' at \ the Cabinet meeting to-day,
and the foregoing Is the substance of that
upon which an agreement was | reached..
It will close by. denying the request for
PALI. BUKEAU, WELLINGTON*
HOTEL. -WASHINGTON, Aug. 2L
UU Hung Chang has formally as
sured the United States and other
powers that the Boxers throughout
Chira have been dispersed, and he ffuar
ar.tees "positively" that there will be no
further disorders. These assurances were
contained in a note prt-pentod to acting
Secretary of State A-Jee this morning by
Wu Tins Fang, Chinese Minister to the
l.*nitc-d States. From LI Hung Chang's
communication it s*^ms that, he under
stands that fighting In the imperial capital
has erased. In Mew of the dispersal of
the Boxers, which Li Hung Chang &p
r:ribee apparently to the action of the
Imperial Government, and the guarantee
that no further diRcr-Scrs will occur, the
Chinese peace envoy deplores the continu
ed operations by the allies and urges the
Cabinet Decides to Reject Earl Li's Appeal
; for Cessation of Hostilities, and Con
; siders Questions .. Relating to . Treat
ment "of Fugitive Rulers. -
Flags of the Allies Reported Floating Over
the Imperial Palace, but Street Fight
ing Continues-— Foreign Envoys Said
to Be on the Way to Tientsin.
THE ¦:• BIG . TRANSPORT
STRATHGYLE, LOADED WITH.
HORSES AND WAR MATERIAL,
WHICH WILL . SAIL /TO-DAY
FOR CHINA.
CALL'S NEWS STOLEN. . ¦'¦'.
NEW YORK, Aug. 21.— The '
¦ Herald says editorially: -
"Our Peking news, obtained "
I tliTough the efforts of special "
correspondents and transmit- '
ted at much expense, is our :
property, and should be re- -
spected as such. Moreover, the :
dispatch from Peking in the ¦
Herald of yesterday was under -
the protection of special copy- ¦
right. In spite of these facts /
certain contemporaries coolly .
appropriated the news, which -
appeared exclusively in our ;
columns, and' printed it not "
only without permission, but 1
without- the courtesy of stat- -
ing- the source whence it had -
been' taken."
Big Army Transports ; Rapidly Conyey
ing Men, Horses and | Munitions of
WAR From This Port for Service in
the Chinese Campaign.
PRESIDENT ENLIGHTENED.
CALL BUREAU, WEL
LINGTON HOTEL,
"WASHINGTON, Aug. 21.—
President McKinley and other j
officials of the administration
received their first detailed in
formation of the taking of
Peking and of the conditions
; that " existed" durin "g theseige
of the legation through the.
Call-Herald's dispatch from
Peking. The suspicion which
the authorities here have that
the Government of China was
either' at the bottom of the so- :
called Boxer movement.br.wasi
unwilling or, unable to qurb it
has been strengthened into a
positive conviction ; by the in
terview with Minister Conger.
LONDON, Aug. 21.— The following dispatch has been received from Rear|Admiral Bruce:
"TAKU, Aug. 19 (Sunday). — The allies are reported to have entered the Sacred City of Peking August i7."
WASHINGTON, Aug. 21.— The Government has received positive confirmition from official Chinese sources of the departure of the Em
peror and Empress Dowager from Peking. They went westward* but the-point at which they are now located was not given.
FOREIGN FORCES REPORTED TO HAVE
CAPTURED THE SACRED CITY OF PEKING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.' Central . .Dinin£;ro6nis.'.' ?4yand ;' 28- Kills. " re
opened' by 'J. Hertz,* well-known" restaurateur. •
PARIS, Aug. 21.—^Special)— The exhibit
Qf .prime. cotton s*ed oil. icake meal and
other products made by the American
Cotton Oil Company has been -awarded
the Grand Prix d'Honneur. The exhibit
included -Gold Dust -.washing .powder,
f'alrv and'Tar- soaps-made by the'N. K;
Fairbaak Company.
-'¦'¦ : --'~ ' ¦'. ' . HK
The American Cotton Oil: Company
Receives Grand Prix d'Honneur
at Paris Exposition.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Aug. 21.-
Tho new football coach, F. H. Vost. ar
rived here to-day. Mr. Yost came directly
from the East and expresses himself as
being anxious to begin work. The new
football grounds, which will be situated
in the oval, will be put in condition under
his perponal supervision. Yost likes his
new fiurroundinps.
He spent tho afternoon in company, of
Manager Gildersle»ve, who . introduced
Yost to the students.: Yost will take up
his quarters in the Morton House, where
Chamberlain had quarters last year.
From tho East.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COACH YOST AT STANFORD.
Trainer of the Varsity Eleven Arrives
BUFFALO. Aujc. Il.-BufTalo 3. Detroit 2.
CLEVELAND. Aug. II.— Cleveland 2, Indlan
apolln 4.
American League Games.
CHICAGO, Aug. 21.— Chicago 3. Minneapolis 1.
KANSAS OITT, Aug. 21.— Kansas City 4,
Milwaukee 11.
NORWICH. Conn.. Aug. tl.— Norwich and the
Brooklyn National League team played a ten
inning exhibition game here to-day, Brooklyn
winning, by a score of 5 to I
Batteries — Jones. Powell and Criger;' Phillips,
Ilahn and Kahoe. Umpire— Swartwood.
Clubs- R. H. E.
St. Louis * 9 14 4
Cincinnati : 8 13 1
ST. LOUIS, Avg. 2L— Burkftt won to-day's
came in the ninth inning: with a terrific swat
to the club house for a home run. Attendance,
Batteries— Hawley and Bowerman; Frazer
and McFarland. Umpire — O'Day.
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 51.-A double by
Delehantj- in the tenth inning of to-day's game
Fent the winning run across the plcte for the
home team. The fame was close throughout,
and Cross twice saved it for Philadelphia. by
brilliant Flops and good throws. Attendance
1510. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
»w York 4 10 1
Philadelphia. 5 6 2
Club.*— W. L. Pet. I Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ....67 35 .6S0'Bo»ton 47 48 .494
Pittsburp ...51 44 -5."1 Cincinnati ...43 52 .464
Philadelphia 48 46 .010 Ft. I>ouis 43 SI .457
Chicago 48 4S .500 New York... .37 56 .33S
Philadelphian Saves the Day in the
Tenth Inning.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
DOXTBLE BY DELEHANTY,
COMPROMISING
LETTERS SEIZED
IN PRETORIA
Former Consul General for
South Africa Is In
volved.
iirespondence of Henry Labouchere
Also Captured Showing That He
Gave Advice to the
LONDON. Aug. 21.— Truth to-morrow
¦will publish correFponrler.ee advising thai
paper of the eeizure in Pretoria of a com
promising letter from Montague White,
former Consul General of the South Afri
can Republic i!i I-ondon. to Secretary of
State Keltz, dated August 4. i8», and two
letters from Henry Labouchore to Mr.
White, dated respectively August 2, ISOy,
and August 4. 1^32. wijich Mr. White ap
pears to have inclosed to Secretary Reitz.
and a letter of Joseph Chamberlain, the
Secretary of State for the Colonies, invit
ing Mr. Laboucher* tr> offer explanations
or, observations thereon, and Mrl La
bouchere'f renjy.
Mr. Tjabouchere's letters are brief and
amount to advice to tlie Transvaal to gain
time by acceptance of the proposed com
mission to settle the franchise questions,
*"tc. together with an e*pre*«ioa of opin
ion from Fir Henry Cji'npbell-Banrerma!!,
the Liberal leader in the House of Com
mon? and the Liberal* generally, that the
Hriiish Cabinet proposed the appointment
of the rommissi'in. with thf view of givin<
Mr. Chamberlain a ohanre to "climb
•iown" sn<l that the Cabinet was= deter
mined to have no war. He also faid:
"The President h*ui i\ trr«-at opportunity
to give Joe another fall. The great thinjj
is to rain time. In a few months we
trhall b* 1 hrwlir.c about something in
another part of the world."
Mr. I.ahoticbTe'f reply to Mr. Chamber
lain admits the letters as. genuine, but de
clines lo recognize Mr. Chamberlain >
"pretension" to afk sor an explanation
r n a matter co::rcrning which he is '"only
responsible to" Parliament nr.d. -my con
stituents" and invite? Mr:. Chamberlain.
jn the pursuance of his "new diplomacy,"
:o publish all the correspondence between
the Colonial Office and the Governors of
Natal and Cape Colony and between the
Ooveraor* and military commanders in
South Africa. *o that they may be able
to form a snund oyininn on the whole
business, including the Inadequate prepar
ation? and Initial reverses, and also
• specially the "Hawktsley . correspond
ence." • ¦. ' "¦ X 1 '-: ¦¦¦' &^-
B. A. Hawkesley was counsel, for tlie
British (South Africa Company at the
time of ihe Jameson -raid and was -gen
erally supposed to have 'been"' well posted
-LONDON*. Aug. 21.-For the;flrst time
since her life sentence was imposed eleven
roars ago, Mrs. Florence Maybrick had a
private interview, with her counsel. Dr.
Clark Bell of New York, at Aylesbury
prison to-day. A portion of the time the
attorney gave up to a representative -of
the Associated Press, who, through j the
courtesy of the Home Office, was granted
an opportunity to talk with the prisoner.
Mrs. Maybrick Is indignant at the- at
tacks by the Liverpool Post on the" late
Chief Justice of England, Lord Russell of
Klllowen. former counsel for the pris
oner.
"The only person up to the present who
ever saw me alone," said she,- f'was th«-
Chief Justice. When the Assizes were
here last February Lord Russell came to
the prison and asked to see me.- as was*
his official right. Irrespective of'the Home
Office or any one. When he was starting
to go he said: 'Mrs. Maybrick, I am do
ing all in my power for your release
Whatever happens, remember- this— that
if there Is one man in Kngland who bv
lieves in your innocence. I am that man*
"It was only by accident that I hearo
of Lord Russell's death, for I.Jiave ixot
seen a newspaper for a decadei But C
could not help butfrei that in his death
I had lost my best friend. It in, an out
rage, in view of his constant' and -untir '
ing efforts and friendship for me; that he,
should be attacked now that heMs dead
I fully appreciate and am "clad of thi
chance- to express my gratitude to the of
ficials in Washington and to my friends
throughout America, and especially the
ladies, for what they are doing. -¦ It"1s»
that alone which has upheld me all thesa
years. I have many friends in-England
too, and cannot but believe that they will
soon come, when these years of. captiv
ity will cease and I shall be, restored to
mv mother and my country.',' -,.v \ c-.
For the last few days Mrs. Maybrick
has been in a hospital ward, owfng' to- h
Blight illness, but she says her health Is
generally good. \ -. •• ,
The. recent United States memorial I»
still, In the hands of the Home Secretary-
Sir Matthew^-White'IRldlejV': and v Mrv
Maybrlck's friends are hopeful that 'when
the answer comes It .will, be, a. pardon. •-.
Friends Keep Up Their Agitation
for Her Release and Now f
Hops for a
Pardon.
Mrs. Maybrick Granted the
Privilege for First Time
\ Since Conviction.
HAS PRIVATE
INTERVIEW WITH
HER ATTORNEY
on all matters connected with it. The In
denendefTt'e Beige in January. 1899. pub
lished n. number of letters to and from
Mr. Hawkesl»y. purporting to show that
Mr. Chamberlain was an accomplice to
the Jameson raid, but other and more im
portant letters are said to be in existence.
It was claimed at the time that the dis
closures did not prove -.Ir. Chamberlain's
complicity in the raid, but demonstrated
his complicity in the rfforts made after
ward to stifle the matter. , ¦;• .-.-.
WASHINGTON. la., Aug. 21.— The Unit
ed Christian, the official organ of the
United Christian party, announces that J.
F. R. Leonard of Ainsworth. Iowa, a
prosperous farmer, GO years old, has been
nominated for President of the United
States by the National Committee of the
party- '
Nominated for President.
SEDALIA, Mo.., Aug. 21.— The' Demo
cratic campaign in Missouri was opened
here to-day in the presence of nearly 40,000
people. A parade was followed by speech
making. The principal addresses wer i
made by Hon. Adlai • E. Stevenson, tho
Vice Presidential candidate, and A. M.
Dockery, Democratic candidate for Gov
ernor of Missouri.-
DEMOCRATS OPEN THE
CAMPAIGN IN MISSOURI
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 21.— The Repub
lican State Committee to-day adopted
resolutions denouncing the action of the
anti-Quay section of the party in advo
cating fusion with the Democratic party
in certain legislative districts. The reso
lutions provide for a committee of seven
to investigate and report to the Stats
Committee "the names of any person or
persons claiming' to be Republicans an-i
guilty of the dishonorable practices afore
said, and the counties or districts in which
efforts at fusion may exist, so that the
State Committee may -take prompt anct
effective action."
DENOUNCE FUSION
WITH THE DEMOCRATS
week Jn October in Kansas, but his Itine
rary has not yet been arranged.
TAZEWELL. Va., Aug. 21.— A wreck at
Maxwell, six miles from here,' In the
Cttnch Valley division of the Norfolk and
Western Railroad, occurred yesterday, re
sulting In" the death of two trainmen and
the wounding of seven others. The dead:
ENGINEER W. O. ALLEN.
FIREMAN M. B. MARSHALL.
'A light engine was running west at the
rate of forty mil«3 an hour when it met
in a cut a freight drawn by two engines
going thirty miles an hour. The crash
was terrific.
Lives in a Train Wreck.
Engineer and Fireman Lose_ Their
KILLED IN COLLISION.
PEORIA, 111.. Aug. 21.— One fireman
dead, , five injured and $30,000 worth of
property destroyed Is the work of a fire
bug In two fires early this morning.
About 2 o'clock fire was discovered In
the plant of the Peoria Lounge and. Mat
tress Compuny, which was practically de
stroyed. The loss will reach J2a.000; in
surance. $15,000. Pipeman Philip Distler
of Truck No. 2 and Fred Brodbeck of
Hose Company No. 5 fell from the roof of
a two-story building adjoining the fire.
Distler's shoulder was broken and Brod
beck was badily bruised. ,
An hour after the mattress company's
fire Carroll's Ice Hpusc. only 200 yards
from the scene of the first fire, was dis
covered in a blaze. At the end of an
hour's fight the roof of the building
caved in. '1WJM
Captain Barney Manning and Pipemen
Michael Gibbons and Harry Palmer of
Hose Company No. 1 entered the door of
the burning building. They were holding
a stream of water on the fire when the
walls toppled over. Captain Manning wa*
killed outright. Pipemen Gibbons and
Palmer were buried under the walls, but
were . soon . dug out by their companions.
Gibbons had both legs broken below the
knees, while Palmer escaped with a few
bruises. Ladderman James P. Lynch of
Truck No. 1 was struck by a falling tim
ber and crushed about the hips.
• r. \
Over Thirty Thousand Dollars' Worth
of Damage as the Result of
Firebug's Work.
FIRE CAPTAIN LOSES HIS
LIFE WHILE ON DUTY
: TOPEKA, Kans.", Aug/ 21.— The Republi
can State 'Committee held three sessions
hero", to-day and to-night. There is no ex
ecutive "committee > for . this . campaign and
meetings, of. 'the =full • committee ' will- be
held- monthly. ;
• Reports : were s received to-day, from va
rious ; parts ' of the State and preliminary
arrangements made for, the tours < of
speakers to; be sent into' the- State by the
National; Committee. It 'is expected : that
Governor Roosevelt will spend the first
KANSAS REPUBLICAN
COMMITTEE IS ACTIVE
LOUISVILLE, Ky.. Aug. 21.— The Pro
hibition State Convention to-day nomi
nated for Governor. John D. White of
Manchester. Clay County, formerly ' k Re
publican Congressman from the Eleventh
District. Candidates for Presidential elec
tors were also nominated. There were
fifty delegates in" the convention, includ
ing - several : women. . The platform 'de
clares for woman's suffrage. ,
NAMED FOR GOVERNOR
ON PROHIBITION TICKET
LINCOLN, Neb., Aug. -21.— Mr. Bryan
addressed a large audience of . Saunders
County people at W T ahoo, the county seat;
this afternoon. The point is thirty miles
north of Lincoln, and the trip there and
back was made during the afternoon. The
speaking occurred under the trees in the
courthouse yard, and the largest part of
the inclosure. was well filled, notwith
standing one of the heavy rainstorms of
the season had just passed over the place,
leaving the ground /very wet and uncom
fortable. The speech was one hour- in
length. Througijoyt it was an appeal to
Republicans to vote the Democratic
ticket. i -
CHICAGO, Aug. 21.— It was announced
at Democratic headquarters to-day .that
William J. Bryan ' would be in Chicago
Labor day after all and speak at the pic
nic to be held in connection with the
Labor day, celebration. The announce
ment^wns made by George Schilling, head
of the labor bureau at the headquarters,
and was joyfully received by the people
in charge of the picnic.
If this programme be adhered to it will
result in Governor Roosevelt and Colonel
Bryan appearing on the same platform.
Mr. Bryan's original intention was to go
to Cleveland on Labor day,- but according
to the announcement made by Mr. Schill
ing he has changed his mind.
BRYAN APPEALS TO
REPUBLICAN VOTERS
BRYAN AND ROOSEVELT
MAY APPEAR TOGETHER
HUTCHINSON, Kans., Aug. 21.— The
Populist Congressional Committee of the
Seventh District, in session hero to-day,
received written letters from Claude Du
val and I. P. Campbell, respectively
Democratic and Populist candidates for
Congress, withdrawing from the contest
The letters came in response to a resolu
tion of the committee, calling upon both
candidates to retire so that harmonious
fusion might be made.
The committee at once called a conven
tion to meet here In September to nomW
nate a fusion candidate. Friends of Jerry
Simpson are at work and it is asserted
that the ex-Congressman will be a can
didate before the convention.
JERRY SIMPSON TO BE
' THE FUSION CANDIDATE
as a Vice Presidential candidate to have
his utterances on the coming Western
tour thoroughly in accord with the views
of the Presidential candidate, and he also
desires to give expression to- and make
features of the issues which the President
deems most important,
o
envy Prince Adolph his good fortiine.must
join in congratulating him. AllA all. the
union Is one of more appropriateness, than
generally obtains among royalties.
Prince Adolph Frederick.
Prince Adolph Frederick, the successful
aspirant to the young Queen Wilhelmina's
hand, is the uncle of the reigning Grand
Duke of Mecklenburg-Schwerin. Frederick
Franz IV, and the next in line of male
succession to the throne, as his elder
brother. Duke Paul; renounced all heredi
tary right for himself and his descend
ants, and his other elder brother, John
Albrocht. has no children, and his nephew,
the reigning Prince, is yet unmarried. His
elder sister. Marie, is the wife of Grand
Duke Vladimir, second son of Alexander
II. and uncle of the present Czar.
He Is nearly 27 years of age,.having been
born October 10, 1S73. and is a man of fine
appearance, good disposition and a grade
of intellect much above the average
among the petty German. Princes.
The grand ducal house of Mecklenburg
is the only reigning family in. Western
Europe of Slavonic origin, and. claims to
be the oldest sovereign house in the
Western world. Their genealogical table
of reigning Grand Dukes begins with Nik
lot, who died in 1160, and comprises twen
ty-five generations. In their full "title the
Grand Dukes style themselves Princes of
the Wends. The title of Grand Duke was
assumed in 1S15.
for her; and he must be acceptable to the
Kaiser, who from the first manifested a
more than mere interest in the matter,
and is no doubt highly pleased that {me
of his own subjects is to be the happy
man. --.¦ <: -
The House of Orange.
The house of Orange, to w"hich Wilhelm
ina belongs, can boast of antiquity even
with that of Mecklenburg, to which she
is about to be allied, as her family de
scends from the German Count Walram,
who lived in the eleventh century-
In 1747, in Willem IV. the dignity and
title of "Stadtholder" was declared to be
hereditary In the house of Orange. In
1M5 the Congress of Vienna erected the
Netherlands into a kingdom, with the
son of the last Stadtholder, William V,
as- hereditary sovereign, and as Willem
I he was proclaimed "King of the-Neth
erlands" March 16. 1S15. and recognized as
sovereign by all the powers. of Europe.
The Queen has a civil list from. the state
of 600.000 guilders, and 50.000 more for the
maintenance of the palaces, but her fam
ily is besides in possession of a very large
private fortune, acquired mainly by Wil
lem I In the prosecution of vast commer
cial enterprises tending to raise the com
merce of the Netherlands. Certainly the
young couple are not going to starve.
As to her personal attractions and dis
position and her mental endowments too
much cannot be said, and even those who
For National Commander.
The election of national commander and
other officers will be held at the second
business meeting of the encampment, or
that of Wednesday. There is but one can
didate mentioned seriously for, that office.
Major Leo Rausseur of St. Louis. Some
of the Illinois delegates have talked of
General John C. Black for that position,
but those who know say the general does
not care for the honor. He might have
accepted it by appointment after tho
death of Colonel Sexton, but he. with
many others, believes that Illinois has no
right to ask for the office the second
time.
The New Coliseum.
The new Coliseum, one of the largest
buildings in the United States, will be
dedicated Grand Army: week. The in
augural feature will be a 'monster tnlli
tary and war song concert next Saturday
night under the direction of the Coliseum
company, at which President McKinley
and other distinguished guests will be
jT-^HICAGO. Aug. 21.— The skirmish
I . line of the Grand Army of the Re-
U public, which will hold its annual
encampment here next week, has
. made its appearance here. It is a
very thin line, however, made up princi
pally ' of agents : of various posts who
wanted a man en the ground early to see
to accommodations. Among to-day's ar
rivals was Colonel R. H.~ Green, com
mander of the Grand Army in Arizona.
He declared that throughout his section
of the country great interest was felt in
the encampment. Chief of Police Kipley
has detailed a guard of seventy-five men
to guard the Presidential party. 'There
will be a bodyguard of detectives in plain
clothes whose duty it will be to remain
always within hearing distance of the
President, and, so far as possible, to be
close to his carriage. Uniformed mounted
police will also be on hand in case of an
emergency.
present, including the Duke and Duchesi
of Arcos and others who will be in the
city -to attend the encampment.
The new Coliseum will be 300 feet lonff.
ISO feet wide and have a seating: capacity
of 10.000 people. It is located on Wabash
avenue, between Fourteenth and Sixteenth
streets. Its construction is absolutely fire
proof. It has a self-supporting roof gird
ed with immense arches, giving the in
terior a full sweep from wall Jo wall with
out pillar or post. It has ofie great bal
cony arranged around the four walla ol
the structure. The main floor-seats are tc
be arranged so that they can be removed
in a short time and stored below, giving
an immense cleared area larger than that
of any other building in the West. The
structure will have twenty exits, flve of
the largest ones being on the Wabash
avenue side.* The Interior decorations ar«
to be bright and cheerful, and at night
the structure will be a blaze of lltfht from
above, the contract calling for nearly 5001
incandescent lamps strung along the
arches, with 250 arc lamps suspended in
and about the building.
FEATURES OF THE VETERANS' ENCAMPMENT.
OERLI.N', Aug. TL— The Lokal Anzelger i
announces the engagement of Queen t
Wilhelmina to Prince Ado'.ph Frederick of
M^ckk nburg-Schwerin.
The full name of the yours maiden
Queen of the Netherlands, whose *ngage
iTKnt is here announced, is Wilhelmina
Helena Pauline Martha, and she is within
one week of being 23 years of ape, having
been born August SI. 1SS0. She is the
daughter of the late King Willem III, by
lii? second wife, Princess Emma, daugh
ter of Prince George Victor of Waldeck.
Wilhelmina succeeded to the throne on
the death of her father November 23, IS??,
with her mother as repent. She came of
nge (IS) August 31, 1S95, and one week
after was inaugurated as Queen with
pr^at rejoicings and festivities, which
wpr<* continued for several days in Am
sterdam. The Hague and other places
throughout the kingdom.
Very soon after she was seated on the
throne gossip and rumor began to choose
a husband ' for her— and the number of
would-be suitors was not a few. Her
choice, while in a measure fr^e, was yet
absolutely restricted on two certain lines.
Ht consort must be a Protestant, for her
people would have no RomanCatholicmato
GRAND ARMY READY FOR
NATIONAL ENCAMPMENT
WILHELMINA TO WED
PRINCE ADOLPH- FREDERICK
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL. BUREAU, WELLINGTON HO
TEL, WASHINGTON, Aug. 21.-
Senator Stewart's declaration that
he will support McKinley for re
election was not altogether a sur
prise to Republicans in Washington. The
Republicans are none the lea? pleased to
have him declare openly for the . ticket,
especially as they have information that
his statement is to be followed within a
few days by a similar declaration from
his colleague! Senator John P. Jones.
All reports which Republicans are re
ceiving from silver States are encourag
ing." Whether due to the failure of the
Kansas City convention to Indorse tho
nomination of Mr. Towne for Vice Presi
dent or not, the Silver Republican organi
zation seoms to be goins to pieces, and
Senator Shoup of Idaho, who was in
Washington to-day, declared that 30 per
cent of the Silver Republicans In moun
tain States would cast their votes for Mr.
McKinley this year.
HANNA OPENS THE
CAMPAIGN IN NEW JERSEY
NEW YORK, Aug. 21.— Senator Hanna,
chairman of the Republican National
Committee, opened the campaign of. the
Republicans in New Jersey at Asbury
Park to-night. An immense crowd, more
than could be accommodated, gathered in
and about,, the auditorium by the sea
shore. The Senator was roundly cheered
when he entered the building. He was
introduced to the audience by Frank Ap
pleby. president of the Asbury Park City
Council.
Senator Hanna, after thanking the audi
ence for the reception accorded him, said:
We are on the \ eve of a political campaign
fecond ¦ to none In importance, on the Issues of
which depends the- prosperity of the country.
But I leave the discussion of that matter to
thope who will noon address you.
I want to sound a note of warning to-night
which the importance of the campaign justi
fies. I want to call your attention to the d,uty
before you, not only to individuals, but to the
whole country. This Is a duty that is not
transferable. It cannot be placed on your
nelRhbor. It is your individual duty.
The time is at hand when every man is called
on to contribute what he can. to perpetuate this
administration. It has been demonstrated be
yond any douM" that the policy of the Republi
can party and President McKinley stands for
everything which means the welfare and well
beins of the country at larKe.
You cannot yhirk this duty, because every
man who ha» any property must feel that it is<
his fight as much ag any one's and tliat he
must n>ht for his own Interests.
X note of warning is coming from the na
tional Republican headquarters. • I am respon
sible for that, as 1 know the nature cf the
contest which is before us, and I tell you you
cannot afford to take anything for granted or
to miss a trick. (Lautrhter.) • •
We are confronted with a dangerous foe and
Bryantsm is in the balance, and if that is
killed now it 13 killed forever. .
I will now quote from one of Governor Roose
velt's speeches recently delivered by him in
which he says: • "Every man who loves his
country Is called upon now to stand shoulder
to shoulder to maintain, the prosperity, which
has given us so much." That is materially
true.
There have been two lessons presented to
the people of this country. In 1892. ; under a
Republican administration, we found ourselves
prosperous, the spindles were all busy in the
factories and Industries were busy on every
hand. Then came a change. The people said
they wanted a change and they got It.
I will not picture to you how labor was then
out of employment and how month after month
it rrew worse. You know all about that as
well as I can tell j-ou.
The people then wanted another changre. and
they got it. And what a change it was and
how the spindles bepan to spin again in the
factories, resulting In happy homes and fire
sides all over the land. >
Nor, do you want another . change and go
back to the conditions that prevailed in 1S97?
(Cries of no, no.) ' i a , ..
Then you mu.«t do your duty. I want :sew
Jersey to set an example to the whole coun
try — one that shall be ("ten and recognized all
over the land. (Applause.) ¦ *
Overconfldence is the worst feature of this
campaign. No one can be blamed for confi
dence In what the outcome will be after three
fc-eara of . President McKinley. but remember
lhat we hav« an enemy which may be called
the "cuckoo" party, which Is composed of
men of every shade of political 1 opinion, every
crank and every nihilist. They are all against
us. We must be active and it Is to Impress It
u^on you that I am here- to-night and to tell
you your plain duty. In conclusion, let me say,
you must not neglect it. . • • .
. - , ! i »
TROUBLE BREWING .IN
POPULIST COMMITTEE
CHICAGO. Aug. 21.— The latest reports
received here indicate that the Populist
National Committee, which is to meet in
this city on the 28th insU may not be as
harmonious as was predicted when the
executive .committee was in session here
early in the month. The meeting is called
for the of selecting a candidate
for the Vice Presidency. When Mr. Towne
declined the. nomination of the Populists
if was generally supposed Mr. Stevenson
would receive the Populist indorsement
by consent. The correspondence which
has taken place among members of the
National Committee of that party since
the executive committee meeting makes
it plain that this result, while apparently
still probable, will not be accomplished
without a struggle. Indeed, it is under
stood that . fnany of the leaders of the
party are strongly urging that the com
mittee shall nominate an independent can
didate,
REGULAR REPUBLICANS
NAME STATE TICKET
WILMINGTON, Del., Aug. 21.— The con
vention :Of the regular Republicans (anti-
AddicW faction), nominated the follow
ing ticket to-day: \ ¦
For Governor— Martin B. Burris.
Lieutenant Governor— John Hunn.
Presidential electors— Charles \V. Papv. Man
love Hayes and DaniW J. Layton/ 1 ' Hayes was
namod an a Prenlriential elector, by. the -Union
Republican convention (Addlcks faction) two
weeks aro. x . ' •
Congressman (for the full term)—Ex-Cori
grcsiman Jonathan Willis. t
Attorney General — H. H. .-Ward. . : ¦
-Treasurer— Dr. L. Hefsler ' Ball.
Insurance Comrnls!«lon»r— George E. Smith.
Auditor of Accounts— Purnell. H: Norman.
The convention also nominated Walter
E.'Hoffecker for the unexplred Congres
sional term of the late John H. Hoffecker.
ROOSEVELT CONSULTS
WITH THE PRESIDENT
WASHINGTON. Aug. * 21.— Governor
Roosevelt left for New York, this morning
on the 10 o'clock train. When asked for
information, as to his"; visit the Governor
said . he camesimply to I see the President.
desiring.,totalk over matters concerning
the campaign and also regarding his itin
erary. The President and Governor Roose
velt discussed campaign policies with the
features of the letters of acceptance which
are soon- to be made: public. -.--,
| It is , the desire of Governor Roosevelt
Seerns to Be Going to Pieces and
V There Is a Kush to the Party -
of Stalwarts.
Organization of the White Metal Men
Ninety Per Cent Are Flock
; ing to the Standard of r
% McKinley.
JONES OF NEVADA WILL
TAKE STEWART'S STAND
SILVERITES
TO SUPPORT
REPUBLICANS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 22, 1900.
: WILHELMINA, THE POPULAR QUEEN OF HOLLAND.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
\:?;j. : .Tne 7&/A?^.^ : v. : ;. : ; : |
\ Finely 1
I Tailored Suits 1
I at Moderate §
| Prices. I
¦ I make etesrant suits to or- fa
1 der for what you would have M
I fl to pay for ready-made. f}
1 Fine Oxford Gray Ci*7 Cfk M
r H Suits, very stylish. $U.vV a
K| Eleprant Blue and JfJJT TA B
g| Black Cheviots.... tpi3»3U |?
RS Fine Worsted Suits d*^A fl A By
Wi for dress purposes, vmv'vv fv»
H Nobby Overcoats. (MA AA S>9
B latest style «piU.UU||
|j Very stylish Pants, ff I jTA m
9g desirable patterns., tp 4 e»U eg
13 Every Garment Guaranteed. Money If
$9 refunded if dissatisfied. Call ani sea 1 Jj
3 samples of material. *>J
Bte-"-' SWFRASQI&C -.'Sim
£SxrvT'?«.?»>w I w5 '" guarantee
/fi^^^jr*! that my Rheumatism
/tt$£-&Vt..i Cure will relieve luni-
jS§7 bago. sciatica and all
«#» :s£^ rnenma tic pains in
ffl sa*a«sal/ two or three hoars «
I? ocd cure * n a few
k_^^/ MUNYON.
u/W^^^L ./¦* «H drusjrfsts,
Wj&^&§& 2j( v, a Tial - Guide
T^^SC&KSgf to Health and medi-
1 I r^ c al advice free.
• : 1505 Arch st.. PhUa.
tfla&fr'^T^rfeVs " ae< fr tot Uonorrlwa.
jEgry in 1 to 5 diy* J \V hitej, uanaturi! iijm
IMMf a*sr»a«wa Q charges, or »ny infis-rnrv
[r*M _"•• •" §ui«»m«. lion, » irritation or an.-er»»
«eat«itoa. ticn ot mucous men*
P«*VKEEvmCi1EKicitRa. branes. Noa-utriogent.
! HSSjck. C. ':. a 2>Sl " r sent la Pl»i» wrapper,
f iirMix -^(v^H D ? exrr^M, pr«?sM. fo*
'W®B£&|£»*j£a *}/», or 3 bottlo*. *J.7S.President. W. II. Krausc; vice president
Mark Lord: recording . secretary, c. D."
Shatter; financial secretary, E.'B.Wastle:
board of ' directors— J.' Ii. Lamkln. 'Roy
Walter. J. B. Lannlgan, Bert Delaney and
D. A. Manning. ' x iT^j^S^^&3^iSBi^AmiU0a
The officers for the various outings arid
runs by the club are: Captain; J.W.Der
modv; first lieutenant. Lou Smith;. second
lieutenant. Eddie Barnes: bugler. Bert
Downing;' color bearer, Homer Low.-
Garden City Wheelmen Officers.
Special Dispatch to The. Call."..^ -, ;;.¦%- -
SAN* JOSE. Aug. : 21.— Tlie'ffcliowinff of
ficers have been elected by/' the ; Oarden,"
City Wheelmen for the ensuing term: :
SANTA CRX;%. A«s. 21.— The Ancioiit
Order of United Workmen celebrated Its
silver celebration last night by a gather
ing of the members of tiie order, and of the
ladies who are members 'of the Degree of
Honor. It was a time of presentation of
Gifts. Fred R.llowe nnd J. H. Bllodt:au
were presented with past masters' badges.
1. I.. Blaisdell. the Unancler. was present
ed with a cane. Overseer. Constantlne Jlc-
Call vwas given an flnyx charm. TJiere
were addresses, by Judge I.. F. Smith,
Duncan McPherson, Past Master Work
man J. H. Bllodeau and -Master" Work
man li. I*. Morrison. -¦;.::?
A. 0. Tf. W. Silver Celebration.
Special Dispatch -to The Call
NAPA. Aug. 21.— Mrs. T. K. Hanson met
with a painful accident on the Hansen
ranch near this city some days ago. She
went to the barn to drive the cows to
pasture, when one of the animals. lower-
Ing its head, ran at Mrs. Hansen and
gored her. The cow made several vicious
thrusts with its horns, tearing Mrs. llan
pen's clothing to shreds and Inflicting sev
eral painful wounds. Miss Louise <Jloss.
hearing Mrs. Hansen's cries, ran to the
rescue and drove off the infuriated animal.
She then led Mrs. Hansen to the farm
house, and dressed her injuries. No seri
ous results are feared.
Vicious Animal Inflicts Severe
Wounds on a Napa Farmer's Wife.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COW GORES A WOMAN.
sn., euiCealy pt auonlcxy.
ST. PAUL. A us. SI.— rorxner Associate
::s;ic? William Mitchell of the Mlniie
ita Surnfir-e Court dio.1 at Alexandria,
Justice William Mitchell.
Ilartino Ccrrea, Indian Centenarian.
SANTA Cni.'Z. Aus. 21.— liartino Cor
r--a, nn lr.<Iian 112 years old, died to-day
at the County Hospital. He had resided
In this emmty nearly all his life. He lived
ccar Aptos many years.
William B. Felker.
TiKNYKR, Aug. 21.— William B. Felker,
Sia:c Scr.ator. fX-Railroud Commissioner
end tn<\ ot the leading attorneys of this
<:;v. <:;•<; ;his afternoon. as«*«l «53-year>\
lie fcrixH-rly practiced his profession, at
O*hlcn»lu '.Vis. He vus prominent In Ma
t-onic circles.
WINONA Mir.n. AUji. 21.— Charles H.
P.rrry died to-<3ay, ag«rl 78 y<?an=. • In W<
lie was elected Attorney General of the
Btate of Minnesota and' during President
Uexeiaod'a :ir^ t- term was appointed :in
AssoHat* Justice of the S»P r £ mc . C ,?" r^
t I Idali". which position he -filled uruil
Idaho was admitted as a State.
Charles H. Berry.
ST. LOriS, A us. 21.-Judge John Crom
well Orric'K. ex-Speaker of the M.sfouM
;iou" of Representative?, who was chiefly
instrumental in restoring the ballot to se
< r4onl s t* in WWOri w J t , hM , ,' ol 5ffi
tlMSO to take the oath of »*> *»¦>'. f 1^,^'
day. Mr. Orrick was a prominent attor
n4. and for many years v. a* the lavs
Tanner cf Judge John \N ¦ Noble.
Judg« John Orrick.
Jhe fray's Dead
Pensions issued to-day: California-
Restoration and reissue— John llogan
fdead). West port. SIC. Increase— John
Kelley. Santa Paula. $10; William H.
Murphy. San Jose, $10; Daniel W. War
ing, Dunsmulr. $10: Thomas Dwyer Vet
erans' Homo. Napa. $12; William Rilev
soldiers' Home. Los Angeles, 510; Patrick
McCoy. Soldiers' Home. Los Angeles $!')•
William II. Howard. Soldiers' Home Los
Angeles. $S. Reissue— Charles Dueben
Saji Francisco. $14. Original widows-
Minor of J>ewis O. Conklin. Los .Angeles
$14; Juiisi A. Hog&n. Westport, IS; Jennie
A. Robert s. San Diego, $S. War with
Spain — Alfred T. Harmcrson, Rocklln $6
Oregon— incrcase-^William T. Lt-ever*
Central Point. $11*. Original widowr-MarV
Smith. Cedar Mills, $S. T
Patents Issued to-day: California—
William P. Hevlngton, Kscondldo, pick*
Robert K. Campbell, assignor one-half'
T. H. Edwards, San Francisco, detacha
ble artincial tooth; Edward H. Dickie, as.
sigiior one-third. J. Kane. Bodie, leach
ing urta or tailings; John T. Dufau. San
Francisco, fastening device and padlock»
Rudolph Herman. San Francisco, device
for excluding water from manholes! W1I
jiam It. Hewitt. San Francisco, harness
Support; William 11. Kiler, Pomona, irri
gating.water galf\ David G. Morgan, as
signor one-half, R. S. McNamara, Quart*
Mountain, machine for spreading, truing
and gauging drills: James O'Connor. San
Francisco, device for drawing steam bee r ,
etc.: William II. Robinson, assignor, S.
M. Robinson, Alameda. rotary brush: Jo
peph'B. Shearer.- assignor,- J. C. Burdon,
<*hico,'and J. Glanvillo, Sacramento, car
buretin;? air or gas; * Howard Stellman.
Sacramento, apparatus " for purifying
Oregon— John F. Ames, Portland, box
printing machine.
WASHINGTON*. Aug. 21^ Sarah D.
Rlakfslee has been commissioned Post
master at Wynooche. Wash.
Postal Changes.
Spoclal Dispatch to The Call. .
Pensions Issued, Patents Granted and
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Robertson Company will leave West Seat
tle to-morrow morning in tow of the tugs
Tatoosh and Relief, bound for San Fran
cisco. The raft is one of the largest ever
built and contains about S00.000 feet of
piling.
Menlo Pa'rk, the distribution of Catholic
literature and the holding of lectures at
the ontion of the local councils.
This afternoon's session commenced at
j 2:-*W. and the greater part of the time was
I passed in a thorough discussion of the
; amendment providing for an educational
i bureau. Much interest was taken in the
j matter, as it involved a change in several
i chapters of th- constitution. The ques
j tion was rot settled to-day.
The election of officers will not take
i place until Thuisday, but an active can
i vas?s is bf ing made by the friends of the
' several aspirants. Among those prom
inently mentioned for different offices are:
For grand president. L. E. MaJian of Eu
reka and T. J. Horan; for grand directors.
Fred Dunne of San Francisco, Lawrence
I Mahony of Sacramento and J. D. Whelan
I of Livermore: for supreme delegate to
Denver F. J. Driscoll is prominently men
tioned; J. W. Sharp of Los Angeles la
heard of as possible grand vice president,
jand the Kev. Father Slattery will probabiy
| be elected grand chaplain «>f the order.
: This evening the Catholic young ladies
i of San Rafael tendered the delegates a re-
I eeptlon in Hall Raphael, which was large
ly attended. Music and dancing afforded
entertainment for the guests. Among the
many present were the following:
j 'Mary A. NaKl*". past grand president of the
T. L.. I.: Grand Secretary Josephine T. Molloy,
Y. L. I.; Miss Magpie S. Whelan. Rose Ceasar,
Mary Kanvl. lienevievo Glrason. Agnes Wat
ton. Fannie Turner. Mamie Eden. Julia H^aly.
Mrs. Richard Johnson. Mapiri* Murray. Elsie
Johnson. Florence Magee, Elizabeth Dufflcjr,
Mamie MflFaae, Annie l)ay. Lizzie KHly.
Marguerite Short. Flora and' May Chlsholtn,
j Ki'.za McDonald. Mrs. G. Pacheco.
I After the adjournment of the council to
i morrow afternoon the delegates will be
; tendered a reception at College Rafael.
j The grand ball will be given in the Hall
j Raphael to-morrow night.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
SAN i;.\;'AKL, Aug. 21.— The session of
the Young Men's Institute opened in Hall
lUphael this morning at 10:20 o'clock.
The lirs=t business of the meeting was
the reading of communications from the
grand president of the Young Ladies" In
stitute and the Rev. Father Foley of Ala
meda. Telegrams of fealty and greeting
¦were ordered s^nt to his Grace 'Arch
bishop Riordan. Bishop Thomas Grace of
Sacramiiuo, Bishop George W. Montgom
ery of Los Angeles and Bishop Scanlan of
The proceedings were considerably en
livened when proposed amendments to the
constitution were considere^-
An amendment was offered by Grand
President St. Sure to have biennial meet
ings of the council. Past Grand President
Gallagher supports the amendment on
the ground of expediency and economy.
The amendment was objected to by
Jies?rs. O'Leary, Richards, Harden,
Lynch and Hall. The amendment was
fully discussed, but rejected by vote.
The next amendment m one providing
for the holding of future grand councils
permanently In San Francisco. This was
supported by Uestn. St. Sure, Gallagher.
I ynrh. Sex and Aggeler, and opposed by
Havden, Kk-hards, Hall. OLeary, Stan
lev" and Hawkins. The amendment was
]o«=t it being decided to leave the matter
of i selecting the place of meeting in the
hands of the Grand Council, or, in case
ot its failure to act, to the grand trus
tecs
\ti amendment was offered by Grand
President St. Sure to establish an educa
tional bureau to take the place of the
lecture bureau and board of publication.
calH-!" for the maintenance of a chair of
scholarship at St. Patricks Seminary at
Grand Council, Y. M. I:, at San Rafael, Considers
Proposed Important Changes.
DISCUSSES AMENDMENTS
TO THE CONSTITUTION
SAN DIEGO,' Aug. 21— The county con
vent ion of j the Prohibition party was held
here to-day. 'It, was a mass, convention.
There ; were about fifty people -present, in
cluding several women, and all were en
titled to vote In the selection of candi
dates. The Rev. C. II. Abernethy was the
chairman and R. H. Young secretary.
The platform, indorses the national plat
form and candidates. George N. .Nixon
of San Diego was. named for Assembly
man . in the Seventy-ninth District and
N.v li. . Weed of Nestor for Assemblyman
in the Eightieth District. A. G. Clark of
San Diego, C. D. Todd of San Diego an.l
Q. A. R. -., Holton of Nuevo were respect
ively nominated for Supervisors In* the
First. Second and Third • districts, without
opposition..
PASO HOBLES. Aug. 21.— The Peopled
party County Convention was held"In this
city to-day. There was a small repre
sentation present. A. McMillan was
elected chairman and C. H. Arnold secre
tary. The party put a straight ticket In
the field and declared emphatically
against fusion on tho county ticket. J.
L. Becket was nominated for the Assem.
bly and William McLean for Supervisor
In' the First District. Districts Three and
Five- will hold conventions later and
make nominations. This action of the
People's party-Is a. surprise. to the Demo
crats, who (jxpeeted fusion. ' - -
• ¦-.*¦- m ' '
.
San Diego Prohibitionists.
Special Dispatch • to The Call
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NO FUSION IN SAN LUIS.
FRESNO, Aug. 21.— The excitement
caused by the Democratic and Populist
conventions Monday has not yet subsided
and the army of defeated candidates for
the Superior Judgeships feel much dis
gruntled. The Republicans will hold
their convention Saturday and will prob
ably nominate H. '/.. Austin and former
District Attorney Alva E. Snow for
Judges to opposo E. D. Edwards and
George E. Church, the fusion nominees.
Snow and. Austin are the only Repub
licans who have declared themselves can
didates and their nomination Is conceded.
There Is a good- deal of dissatisfaction
among the Democrats of the Second Su
pervisorial District over the nomination
of W. P. Manly, the Populist incumbent.
Half a dozen Democratic candidates were
turned "down by tho convention In order
to l;eex> faith with the Populists. -.
G. P. Cummlngs, who was recently ap
pointed Assessor on the death of j. W.
Ferguson, was named by the Democrats
last niffht as their nominee for election to
the office. It is likely, however, that
Cummings will hold over two w>ars with
out election.
Fusion Convention.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
One of the Effects of the Fresno
FIGHT LEAVES SCABS.
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 21.— Republican
primaries for the election of delegates to
the State, Congressional 'and county con
ventions were held throughout, Sonoma
County to-day. Two complete tickets
were in the Held and although returns are
not vet all in indications point to the de
feat* of the Congressional aspirations cf
District Attorney O. O. Webber, as far
as Sonoma County Is concerned. Through
out the county the greatest interest was
manifested and In this city feeling ran
high.
For several months the Webber faction
has been at open warfare with the faction
of the party headed by Postmaster A. ij.
Lemmon and vice versa, and the battle
of to-day was generally regarded as one
between the two leaders for political su
premacy. .Through the columns of hid
paper fast night Kditor Lemmon openly
denounced both Webber and his aspira
tions in unmeasured terms. In Santa
Rosa the Webber ticket elected two oul
of the three delegates, but Indications are
that in several precincts in the county
these conditions were reversed. Dele
gates to the State Convention elected in
this city were: A. W. Arnold, F. Rod
daty and A. J. Atchinson.
YESTERDAY'S NOMINEES.
Butte County.
REPUBLJCANS.
For ASSEMBLYMAN— Barney Collins
of Forest Kanch.
San -Liuis Obispo County.
POPULISTS.
For ASSEMBLYMAN— J. L. Becket.
For SUPERVISORS — First District. |
"William Mclrfan. Districts three and five
to nominate later.
San Diego County.
" PROHIBITIONISTS. > -
For ASSEMBLYMPN'— Seventy-ninth
District, George N. Nixon of San Diego;
Eightieth District. X. B. Weed of Nestor.
For SUPERVISORS- First District. A.
G. Clark;' Second District. C. D. Todd;
Third District, Q. A. R. Halton.
Orange County.
REPUBLICANS.
For ASSEMBLYMAN — Seventy-sixth
District. Dr. D. W. Dasson of Buena
Park.
WEBBER WINS
A ROUND IN THE
SONOMA FIGHT
Sl>eclaj Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO. Aug. 21.— Public indigna
tion is still high over the stab
bing of Attorney E. S. Van Meter
Monday morning by Cliff • Corlew.
the Populist Supervisorial candl
late. Corlew has made no effort to get
rat of jail and no steps will be taken to
-ocurf bail for him until it is certain that
I'an Meter will recover.
The wounded man rested easy to-day
ind his physicians now entertain strong
lopes for his recovery. The wound, how
•ver. is such that the most critical stage
.vijl not be reached for a day or two at
cast and dangerous complications are
t!!l likely to set in. The medical men
oar that the -wound mav have to be re
pened and in that event, they say, pneu
nonia may set in. There was some in-
but the patient coughed little.
Corlew expresses sorrow for his act and
says he hopes Van Meter will recover.
"I want to see the man get well." he re
marked to-day. When questioned about
the affray, however, he refused to talk,
saying he had no statement to make.
The stabbing affray will probably have
an important bearing on the election of a
Supervisor In the Second District, which
was the sticking point in the "fusion"
bargain.
It is said that If Van Meter recovers he
will refuse to prosecute Corlew. Up to
the time of the encounter Monday morn
ing the men had always been friends.
About three vears ago Van Meter used
his influence with a fusion Board of Su
pervisors to get Corlew a position as head
janitor of the courthouse.
At midnight Van Meter's condition was
without material change. He had a light
l*»ver and expectorated a good deal of
blood. Indicating internal hemorrhage.
His r>ulse was a little above normal.
. E. S. VAN METER. WHO WAS S1ABBED AND SERIOUSLY WOUNDED
AT FRESNO MONDAY.
HANDSOME NEW STRUCTURE AT REDWOOD CITY.
Sseclal Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY. Aug. 21.-The
new home of the Bank of San
Mateo County, recently erected
in this city at an expense of
$20,000. Is a credit to the city and
also to the bankers. It is built of stone
from the same quarry from which was
obtained the material for the Great Salt
Lake Temple. The entire lower portion of
the building is occupied by the bank,
while the upper part is used for offices.
The Interior of the bank Is constructed
of solid oak paneling, the wainscoting be-
Ing Eastern polished oak. A marble base
runs around the wall and the counters.
The floor is tiled and the fixtures and
furniture match the interior construction.
The large modern vault, ¦with safety de
posit boxes, is fitted with a Dlebold auto
matic triple tlmelock and Is lined with
burglar-proof steel.
The bank was established In ISO! and
commenced business In rented quarters,
which It occupied until moving Into \*a
own building. The following are the di
rectors and officers of the bank: J. L.
Ross, president: P. P. Chamberlain, vice
president: L. P. Behrens. cashier: L. J.
Frank. George II. Rice. James Crowe, M.
Emerson, Charles Josselyn, James D.
Byrnes.
Santa Clara Democratic Primaries.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN JOSE, Aug. 21.— The Democratic
County Central Committee has decided
to hold primaries In this country next
Saturday. Twenty-two 'delegates will be
elected to represent Santa Clara County
at the State convention, which meets here
September 6. The county primaries and
convention will he held after the State
convention, and it is quite likely that the
conventions of the Democrats and Good
Government League will be held on the
same day. /
Yuba Republican Primaries.
MARYSVILLE. Aug. 21.-Complete re
turns Irom the Republican primr.ries in
Yuba County show the choice of S. D.
Wood of Wheatland, W. B. Meek of
Camptonville, W. M. Cutter. AV. W. Ward
and Conrad Gottwals of Marysvllle and
W. G. Halsted of Smartsville as delegates
to the State, Congressional and Assemblj
conventions. The County Convention
will be held at Marvsvllle on Monday,
August 27.
Santa Ana. Republican Convention.
Will Bring Back Ardell.
SANTA ANA, Aug. 21.— The Republican
County Convention held here to-day nom
inated Dr. D. W. Dasson of Buena Park
for the Assembly for the Seventy-sixth
District.
FRESNO, Aug. 21.— Sheriff Collins re
ceived word to-day from Deputy White
that he would leave Plattsburg, Nebr..
to-night with Charles Ardell, Indicted
here for murder. Ardell was living In the
town under the name of Perry and resist
ed extradition.
air. which attracted the attention of citi
zens, who found him almost dead from
loss of blood. He was brought to this
town and placed in the hospital.
Appointment of E. J. Louis
Special D:?rarrh to The (
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 21.— Governor
Gage to-day appointed E. J. Louis a Trus
tee of the State Normal School at Lo»
Angeles.
Califoraian Wins.
WORCESTER. Mass.. Aug. 21.— At the
Coliseum track to-day H. Downing of Lo3
Angeles won the fifteen-mile motor-paced
race from Watscn Coletnan of Spring
field, in 26:48 4-5. ,
Falls Victim to Thugs.
Special Dispatch to The <
WILLIAMS. Ariz.. Aug. 21.— E. J. Con
ners. yardmaster ac Ash Fork, twenty
miles west of here, was assaulted and
robbed of all his money this morning at
3 o'clock. Conners Is old and at times
cannot sleep. He got up at this time and
went out to the yard. He was met by six
thugs, who told "him to hold up his hands.
Conners attempted to pull his revolver,
when one of the men dealt him a blow
In the face, breaking his nose. He fell,
but attempted to get up again, when sev
eral of the men Jumped upon him, stamp
ing and kicking him. The thieves rlfle«l
his pockets of $63. After Connors regaine-1
consciousness he fired several shots In the
GRIDLEY. Aug. 21.-The- Butte County
Republican Convention ; assembled here
to-day to nominate a candidate for the
Assembly and Supervisors In three dis
tricts. Judge E. B. Collins of Chico was
chosen chairman. Hon. Barney Collins of
Forest Ranch was nominated for the As
sembly on the second ballot, there being
live candidates in the field. Several spir
ited contests took place in the various
Supervisorial districts.
B. J. Dillon addressed ! the public this
evening on the political issues from a Re
publican standpoint.
Butte Republican Convention.
Special Dispatch to The Call
President Leighton of the Terminal
came out from St. Louis last week to as
sist In putting the finishing touches to, the
transfer on behalf of his. end of the bar
gain.
The transfer when It takes place wiU be
the most Important transaction so far as
Los Angeles is concerned In the. history
of the eltv since the completion of the
Santa Fe iff teen years ago. Senator Clark ¦
and his brother have plans partially ma
tured for the completion of what has for
a long time been a consummation much
desired— the building of a new transconti
nental line to Salt LaJte City. The Ter
minal Is being acquired with that particu-i
lar end In view. The Clarks would have
no other use for the property, which In
its present condition' Is not much of a
money-maker.
President George B. Leighton and Gen
eral Manager Ferd K. Rule left for San
Francisco to-night. In that city. It Is
understood, they will meet representatives
cf other Interests in the furtherance of
the plans for makirg the Terminal road
fc-hat it was originally designed to be. the
deep water harbor link cf a new trans
continental line of railroad.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 21.— Rumors have
floated about Los Ahgeles for a few days
past that Senator W. A. Clark had pur
chased the Los Angeles Terminal Railway
and would at once start to build it to the
East. San Bernardino was said to be the
llrst objective point, but eventually a Salt
Lake City connection would be made.
This announcement was given denial by
a railway official this afternoon, but that
the transfer may soon be made was not
denied. In fact, two weeks' time is given
for the consummation of the deal.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Los Angelenos Believe
They Are to Have a
>Line to Salt Lake.
MAY BUILD
OVERLAND
RAILWAY
Counties- not mentioned here have In
creased In their real estate valuations-..
The total reductions In real ostate and
improvements in the same length of time
amounted to $45,906,202. In the three years
real estate only in San Francisco in
creased $2,S40.413. and real estate and lrrs
provements $10,572,780.
Beamer would not consent, and hls»
amendment received no second. Chair
man Brown's substitute was then adopt
ed by the votes of himself. Toland. Col
gan and L. H. Brown, Beamer voting no.
The reduction in real estate In thlrty
nlr.e counties since 1S97 has been as fol
lows:
Alameda tlO.577.TGT Placer S10.923
Butte 1,11S.CO.» Plumas 16.K5
Calaveras .... ES.i'KO niversld* 1.204.6*0
Colusa 77.1.89:: . San Uenlto....' 494. 400
Contra Costa. u49.2T0|S. Bernardino 1.566.90O
Del Norte ' T.4T5|San Diefro 2.10T.C22
El Dorado 41.3i.*|San Joaquln.. 2.090.S66
Olenn 4i»l,S4?jS. L. Oblspo.. 1.24P.673
Krrn l,945.o;:,?an Mateo.... 954.ISJ
Lokf lSl.SSliSta. Barbara. 1.S13.479
Ixis Angles.. T.42T.BO.i!l Panta Clara.. 3.T6.S.113
Madera 44O.GOOiSanta Cruz 060.04.1
Marin 313. 4JT.J Sonoma 2.120.194
Marijxisa 42.7S3i?itttnl>'!aus .... 1,437.125
Mendocino ... 443.3341 Sutler .-, fr>2.627
Merced 613.4G9lTulare ". 741.421
Modoc 48.8.V) Ventura ...... 1S4.3W
Monterey 1.05.".. ICi Yolo 1.375..v90
Napa 612.1S0 Yuba 301,130
Orange 73.0J5
L. H. Brown said that he would second
Beamer's amendment If San Francises
Was exempted.
Chairman Brown moved as a substitute
to Toland's motion that all the countie*
be stricken off and that the auditors*
figures be accepted.
Bfamer moved as an amendment to the
substitute that the following counties be
cited to show cause why their assess
ments should not be increased: Alameda,
Los Angeles. Mendoclno. Monterey, Sac
ramento. San Bernardino, San Francisco,
Santa Clara, Santa Cruz and Sonoma,
On motion of Toland. Marin County was
taken off the Hat of counties liable to be
increased. He also moved that Los An
geles County be exempted.
L. H. Brown wanted the same action
t^ken regarding San .Francisco's assess,
ment.
At the afternoon session Equalizer To
land said that Los Angeles County's as
sessment should not be raised.
Speaking of Oakland, Chairman Brown
said that Oakland was the poorest town
in the State of its size.
Alameda, Los Angeles, Marin, Mendo
cino, Monterey, Xapa. Sacramento. Sun
Bernardino, San Dieiro. San Francisco.
Santa Clara., Santa Cruz and Sonoma.
Chairman Brown said that he did not
think that the counties that the board
might cite would be raised a quarter of a
dollar.
Equalizer L. H. Brown. In reply to a
question by Chairman Alex Brown. saM
that he did not consider that San Fran
cisco was assessed too low, but admitted
that San Francisco was assessed at a
lower figure than some of the other coun
ties. The following: counties were placed
on the list of counties eligible to have
their assessments Increased:
Equalizer Toland said he was opposed
to the board exploiting the roll for poli
tical purposes and that he did not pro
pose to see It done without registering an
objection thereto.
Chairman Brown said that some of the
county assessors are too cowardly to per
form their duties and that they pass the
matter of making just assessments to the
State board. He said that there was no
quesion in his mind that some of the
county assessments should be raised, and
that In some instances assessors are con
trolled by political influence In the per
formance of their duties.
At this morning's se&sion of the boar-1.
Equalizer Beamer wanted to know if th»
board had the right to increase an assess
ment without first citing the county to be
raised to appear and Ehov.* cause why the
assessment should not be Increased.
It was stated after the board adjourned
for the day that the probable tax rate
would be 49 cents and S mills, two cents
of which goes to the State University.
The general fund receives 25V6 cents, the
school fund 21 cents, the sinking and
Interest fund 1 cent and 3 mills, and the
university 2 cents. '
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 21.~The State
Board of Equalization has decided to ac
cept the reports of the various county
auditors regarding- the assessments of
their counties, and "will not cite any coun
ties to show cause why their assessments
should not be increased.
PROBABLE TAX v
RATE OF STATE
Cents. Mills
Total Tax . . .49 8
To be divided among
the various funds,
wenerai . . . . &o o
terest .... 1 3
State University . 2 —
Special Dispatch . to The Call
Thirty-Nine Counties in the State
Show a Reduction in the Assessed
Values of Real
Estate.
TAX RATE TO. BE 49.8 CENTS
Decide to Accept the Reports
of Valuations as Made
by Auditors.
EQUALIZERS
WILL NOT CITE
THE COUNTIES
ISSAQUAH, Wash.. Aug. 21.— Five min
ers were smothered to death Jn the Issa
quah Coal Company's mines at this place
this forenoon. A brush fire spread to the
mouth of ari alrshaft. Ignited the timbers
and was sucked down by the ventilator
fan into the workings where eighty men
were employed. All the miners who were
near -the exit escaped. Dominlck Cassas
sos, Carlos Cassassos, C. M. Vowell, Ben
Laws and John Lind were In a remote
chamber and were overcome by smoke and
black damp. Their bodfes'were recovered
this afternoon. An Inquest will be held to
night.
Brush Fire Near the Mouth of an
Air Shaft Ignites the Timbers
and Flames Are Sucked
Down Into the Mine.
EIGHTY MEN IN DIRE PERIL
Disaster at a Colliery in
Issaquah, a Town of
Washington.
SUFFOCATION
THE FATE OF
FIVE MINERS
NEW BANK BUILDING
IN REDWOOD CITY
Handsome Edifice of the Bank of San Mateo
County Is Completed.
REGRETS STABBING
LAWYER VAN METER
Cliff Corlew, the Fresno Knife-Wielder,
Expresses Contrition in Jail.
THE SAN FRANCISCO- CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 22, 1900.
SEATTLE, V.'ash.. Au;?. X- —Another .of
the in.mcn^c Icjj rafts constructed l/jv the
Bijj Leg Raft Coaling.
3
Pi l&l
I'-", sale soon ends |l|
| !?*."• If you have an inclination to save on your clothing bill, voo | K'||
!.£•: j had better buy now, while you can save one-half. When our Re- I £jM
I 'y> : .. 4 modeling Sale ends we will stop selling suits at half-price — suits 4"^.^'
1 ''{?: w]^ De a bout all gone then and the store will be in smooth running 1 \K*Bj
I ;£*• I .order. Before we put on our new tall goods many Spring and | :.^i 1
B'-'-'i Summer Suits will go as stated — at. half-prices. p f\&j|
|;yv| Ready=Made Suits Fancy Hose |^-|
i-vi Good all-wool cheviots, desirable pat- Seamless, balbriggan. fast-colored, j | $ |
|.V-:P terns, spld once lor $12.50; price now fancy hose ; all color* : in new stripes sil:.;;\ff
g..-*.-|g 3)0, OD neat and quiet and seme are as gay as ll'£r (j
I/VrB Fancy cheviots, good material, pleas- vou vou ' d wi^ h for • they look like . |£.* |
iPI ing patterns, worth $15.00; while they our-bi: hose, but we are selling them B^fc
I '-'' •' I $8 45 1 OC a pair i^g
I ';? I V Look at them in the Market-street g|-'#gg
ij.% riade=to=Order Suits ~ .- C L : . ? fed
a-' : .-i p * <k v ,. uoli bnirts ii* : l
!^ .-"•;*• P Previous to this sale we were selling ... , ., , . -..,. Jsv.'^iS
if.?:g some $13.50 and $15.00 suits, which of gooJ fast-colored material m H^B
llfrVi were taking well at these prices. Now ! ' be t ral sizes-fit almost anybody; |£.|
I .;:5| you can geVthe very same suits for shlrts ' vere and 75c; now cutto | g; |
IS **•*'» S '¦'' a* -t rx r* /\ * 1 cash \ a ; - .v f <5
Kt # * 'Ik III I II I i *^ c 1 «ly rf
1 1 «pil/.uu Displayed in our Geary-street win- U •".>; m
101 Youths' Suits Hats i&i
H'* : * f " I Odds and ends in sizes and patterns, Derbys, Fedoras and Graecos in the gl?";-;i
g'vj- 1 all sizes represented, but not in any one prevailing shapes and shades; will
E ¦.¦•';''§§ pattern; worth $7. 5D, $8.00 and $9.00, W ear well, though the price is sur- g*:?:'!
H , : .V: I now reduced to prisingly low— li'^aSpecial Services for Volunteers.
The Volunteers 'of America of Post No
1 will , be entertained at their hall 30
Fourth street, this evening by Major John
1* S?ii S k i ei il. a^ rom » R ent: business man
of Philadelphia, who has devoted a great
deal -of time to the cause of the Volun
teers. ••'.""-¦"!
Lawyer in Hard Luck.
Attorney John R. Aitkin is in hard
luck and the Supreme Court yesterday' re
fused to gx> to his relief. Several, months
ago he got mixed with Superior Judgo
Mahon of Kern County 'and was lined fc^
end ordered Into the custody of the Sheriff
for five davs for contempt nf court. The
attorney attempted to balk the Kern
County Judge by means of release on
habeas corpus, but the Supreme Court
refused to order his discharge. Yesterday
Mr. AStkcn petitioned the higher court
for a writ of review. He stated that the
county officers are levying on his property
to satisfy the amount of the $500 fine im
posed by the lower court and he prayed
to tave the matter reviewed so as to £av>j
Sutrb - Library May Be Sold.
A petition; filed by the executors of the
will of the ¦ late Adolph Sutro for leave to
sell the j Sutsp J'brary will be argued be
fore Judge Gbffey to-day. The court will
also; listen Uo a motion to distribute the
pYoperty.^ subject; however, to < the mort
gage, of 4465.000 which now Incumbers the
same.' * . ' .• - '
STRANGE PLIGHT OF A
YOUNG MARRIED WOMAN
Mrs. Nellie Robinson Has Her Hus
band Arrested on a Charge of
Battery.
Mrs. KelHe Robinson, a charming and
refined young woman, swore" to' a com
plaint before Judge Cabanlss yesterday
afternoon for the arrest of her husband,
William Robinson, on a charge of battery.
"My husband," she. said, "is a printer
and publisher. > He has been employed' In
Sacramento for,the past three months and
Monday he* got" me to come to this city.
for what reason! don't know, and he said
he would ; follow me. I was advised > on
Anderson Files Answer.
Robert William Anderson has filed an
swer and cross complaint in the action for
divorce recently instituted by Mrs. Re
becca Anderson. In his answer Anderson
denies that he has been unduly intimate
with Mrs. Alice "Widenthal or with ''Wai-
He" or "Jennie," or Mrs. Osborne. In his
cross-complaint Anderson charges his
wife with cruelty. He says she frequent
ly struck him. kicked him and abused
him. In addition to a- decree of divorce on
his cross-complaint ,\Anderson asks the
court to award him the community nroD
erty. .. . ; : ' . ¦•¦:,..
THE MISSING BOY. .
JOSEPH MACHE, aged thirteen, an
attendant of the Hancock School,
has been missing since last Friday
noon and his parents are very anx
ious concerning his safety and where
abouts. The boy is very large for his age.
He has gray eyes and blonde hair and he
wore long, striped | trousers,' a blue
sweater, blue vest, blue cap and grayish
brown jacket when he left home. His
father, who keeps a restaurant at 531
Broadway, says his" son had no reason
for leaving home and ' he believes that
Joseph has been led off by older boys.
A reward will be paid to "any one who
will take the boy to either 531 Broadway
or to 322 Chestnut street, the family home.
Sailing of the Steamer Gaelic — A
.•Mystery of the Bay Is
Cleared TJp.
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company's Gaelic sailed for the Orient
yesterday. The cabin passengers were:
For Yokohama— Rev. J. E. Knlpp, Mrs. J. E.
Knlpp, (J. C. bowdfn. '
Kobe— Ilev. A. V. Bryan, Mrs. A; V. Bryan
and three children. Rev. F. A. Lombard,
Gcorce Watrous, Mrs. Georjre WatrouB and In
fant.
Nagasaki— Mrs. Bouvler and son, L. Fassett.
C. M. Faswtt. Mrs. C. M. Fassett, Miss K.
Fatten. H. K. Stewr.rt.
Kn»lpn Thomas T. Craven.
HonKkong— Or. F. A. I>8le. Dr. A. ¦ W. Dumra,
Dr. J. M. Kemey, Dr. G. E. Henson. Dr. James
Kenan. C. Kllnck. Mrs. H. L.. Landers, Mrs.
\V. S. Mapes and son. S. Middleton. Dr. D. W.
Overton, Dr. J.. W. Pesu=^, Dr. H. IVddlcord,
Dr. T. W. Perkins, Dr. Joseph Plnicuard, Mrs.
A. M. Ryland. Dr. J. W. Thornton, Dr. F. U.
Wells. W. Whlley.
•George K. Chapln went out as purser of
the Gaelic. Purser Charles Brown re
mains ashore to enjoy a well 1 earned va
cation.
A skiff containing a woman's plaid golf
cape drifted ashore near San Quentin yes
terday morning. It was found by Joe Bar
low, a fisherman, and brought to San
Francisco. The matter was reported to
the Harbor police, and at first • it was
thought a tragedy had occurred. It turned
out, however, that the skiff had broken
adrift from the ark Pollywop, moored at
Belvedere. Noble Eaton and a lady friend
had been out for a row and .the lady left
her eolf cape In the boat. , "
F. Hendrlckson took a dose of bella
donna by mistake for a cough . mixture
yesterday morning. He was treated at
the Harbor Hospital and was soon out of
danger.
HAPPENINGS OF THE DAY
ALONG THE WATER FRONT
Describes the Events of the Shooting
and His Bow With
, x Kepner.
Charles G. Adams, charged with the
murder of Edgar S. Kepner, took the
stand in his defense yesterday. Adams
attempted to justify the shooting on the
ground of self-defense. The prisoner said
that after Kepner had discharged him he
went away for a few minutes and then
returned for an explanation. Kepner. he
said, cursed him and then suddenly sprang
forward to assault him. "I ran around the
chair," said Adams, "toward the door.
Kepner tried to follow me. and then I put
my hand on my hip pocket and told him
to stop. He Mopped for a minute and
then sprang and threw his arm around
my neck and caught me by'the collar with
the other. .We were . struggling when I
shot him."-
Adams said he did not see anybody come
into the room during the quarrel, and add
ed that he did not feel .'anybody take hold
of his- arm. "They could have pulled my
leg off," he said, "and I 'would not have
known it." Adams also made the fact
plain that he had had. no trouble with
Mrs. Kepner, neither did their acquaint
ance have anything to do with the trou
ble. Adams' story varies materially from
the testimony given by the witnesses for
the prosecution, and ho even denied that
his arm had been seized when he was try
ing to shoot Kepner. Daniel Brooks, who
was called by the defense, testified that
he tried to take the revolver away from
Adams but failed,, and then- Adams shot
Kepner. ' . - '
Argument of the case will be heard by
the Jury to-day, and .a verdict may be
reached before the hour of adjournment.
ADAMS TAKES STAND
IN HIS OWN DEFENSE
JOSEPH MACHE
HAS WANDERED
Schoolboy of This, City
Is Supposed to Have
Been Lured Away.
Harry Corbett's Action in Having
Himself Arrested Is of. No
Avail, as the Case Is ,
Dismissed. <
— - ? ¦
The poolsfJlers had two hard blows ad
ministered to them In Judge Conlan's
court yesterday.
The first blow came when the case of
Harry E. Corbett was dismissed by the
Judge on motion of Assistant District At
torney AVeller. Attorney Collins objected
to a dismissal until evidence for the pros
ecution was heard. That was necessary
under the charter, he said, and without it
a dismissal would be void, but the Judge
said he would grant the motion of the
District Attorney, and an order was made
to that effect. The poolsellers. hoped to
have settled by that case the value of
their new scheme to receive money in this
city and buy pools with It in San Jose,
but the court would not entertain a col
lusive action. ¦ '
Judgment was to have ben rendered by
Jud"e Mogan yesterday against Corbett
and William Daley and Walter Mclner
ney who were arrested last Friday night
bv arrangement with .Chief Sullivan and
tf'.ed and convicted Saturday before the
Judge. Mclnerney was not in court when
the case was called. It was. by consent,
decided to continue the case till this
morning and if Mclnerney did not appear
his ball would be declared forfeited and
a bench warrant issued for hla arrest.
The second blow was in the case. of
Henry Schwartz. The prosecution has
been desirous of having the second trial
of this case finished before going on with
any other, but the poolroom men have ap
parently been as anxious to hold it over.
Monday as.it was intimated that when
the case was called yesterday afternoon
Dr. Kahn would appear and testify that
Schwartz was too ill to appear in court,
the Judge said he would get one of. the
members of the Board of Health to see
Schwartz and report as to his condition. •
Dr. "W. P. Chalmers was selected, and he
met Dr. Kahn In the courtroom yesterday
morning, when it was agreed they should
both call on Schwartz about 1:30 p. m.
Before that hour Dr. Chalmers received
a mespage by telephone from Dr. Kahn
that Schwartz was not in the city. Mean
time Chief Sullivan had received wfrrd
from Sheriff Mansfield of San Mateo
County that Schwartz was in Redwood
City, as Mansfield had seen him walking
on the streets.
When the case was called at 2 o'clock
Dr. Chalmers was examined and. said he
had received the telephone message from
Dr. Kahn. . Nothing was said to him in
the courtroom in the mornl«g by Dr.
Kahn- as to Schwartz being out of the
city.'
"I consider, this is trifling with the
court." said the Judge, and Collins took
exception to the remark. ,
Attorney Coffey pointed out that at the
time Dr. Kahn's certificate was sent in
last week as to Schwartz's
Schwartz was strong enough to *go before
the • Grand Jury with • his attorney and
make a complaint against Chief Sullivan.
And yet the assertion was made that he
was not able to appear In the Police Court.
He considered a gross imposition was be
lngr-perpetrated V on r' the -' court/ and he
moved 'that Schwartz's bond 1 be declared
POOLMEM'S ACTS
CONDEMNED BY
JUDGE CONLAN
Henry Schwartz Is Accused
of Trifling With the
Court.
Utilities Committee Recommends Pur
chase by City — Report on Offer
of Lighting System.
The Supervisors' Public Utilities Com
mittee accepted an option last night for
the purchase of the plant which Is to be
constructed by the People's Mutual Tele
phone Company. A resolution thereon
will be presented to the board next Mon
day. The option is to begin five years
from the date of the completion of the
plant and is to continue ten years. Presi- !
dent Crittenden of the company stated
that he would have a contract drawn up
and the City Attorney will be asked to
pass on the validity of the document.
The offer made by the company states
that the price to be paid for its franchise
rights and interest and other property
shall be a sum of money upon which said
company is at the time of the exercise of
the option and right of purchase earning
a net income of 6 per cent per annum.
The committee decided to recommend
for favorable consideration by the board
the offer made by A. Brooke Itidley on
the part of Eastern capitalists to cor.
struct an electric plant to be purchased
by the city at the end of twenty years for
the sum of J294.000 per year. The plant
will have a capacity of 3000 arc and 4(HK>
Incandescent lights and will cost Jl.OOO.C*)
to build. Supervisors Reed. McCarthy
and Dwyer voted In favor of the propo
sition. Connor, the fourth member of the
; committee, while expressing himself In
j favor of municipal owne.rshlp of public
utilities, voted against the recommenda
tion. He argued that the installment plan
of the proposed system did not commend
Itself as he thought that the city was
'rich enough to pay for it at once.
The committee decided to invite a rep
resentative of the Pacltic Telephone and
Telegraph Company at the next meeting
for the" purpose of taking Borae action rc-
I gardlng the telephones now used by tho
I city. The appropriation was reduced by
the board from $15,000 to $7000 for the pres
ent fiscal year and the company threatens,
in a communication to Chairman Reed, to
take out all the telephones Including those
of the Fire Department so as to bring
I the cost down to the reduced appropria
! tion.
OPTION ACCEPTED ON
NEW TELEPHONE PLANT
forfeited and a bench warrant issued for
his arrest.
Collins objected to the bonds being de
clared forfeited and a bench warrant Is
sued, and asked that Dr. Kahn be allowed
to go on the stand and testify as to
Schwartz's condition. . » ¦
The Judge refused to hear Dr. Kahn and
made "the order declaring the bonds for
feited and for the issuance of a bench
warrant for Schwartz's arrest. The jury
was also discharged and a new venire for
fifty talesmen issued. The case will come
up again this morning to be set, when it
is expected Schwartz will be present, as
Captain Seymour notified Sheriff Mansfield
to look out for him.
That Uncle Sam takes a large degree of
Interest In his possessions In the far north
Is evidenced by his preparations to keep
In touch with them. Heretofore the pub
lic has not been advised of the fact that
the Government Is establishing tele
graphic and cable communication with
central points in the great Northwest.
There is in course of construction a tele
graph line from St. Mk-hael to Dawson.
It Is Intended to connect by cable and
land wire St. Michael with the tele
graphic systems of the northern part ot
the United States.
There is now in this city 100 miles of
submarine cable drained for the Arctic,
and another lot of eighty-seven miles is
on the way here overland. It is a twenty
cne-strand cable and is extremely difficult
to handle. This statement will be lx?tte»
understood when it is known that each
rc-el weighs fifteen tons; that one of them
makes a'rarload, and is tea miles long.
These reels must be carefully transferred
from the flat cars to the hold of thf.
Fteajmer Orizaba in proper position to be
reeled off into the Arctic Ocean success
fully. The effort to remove the big bun
di«s of wire from car to ship will begin
to-day and the work will test the best
hoisting machinery In the city. %
The cable will be laid on* triangular
lines. The first leg will be from St. Mi
chael to I'r.alakllk. the second from Ur.a
laklik to Cape Nome and the third from
O<pe Nome to the starting point. The
¦tatlOsa have been erected and every
thing will be in readiness for the opera
tion of the cable as soon as it has beei«
laid on Its ocean bed.
"Conditions beine normal, we expect to
lay the cable In f«iur days," said Ft. D.
Kiixey at the Uck last night. "Ordinary
pack ice will not i>revent our success, and
w» nope to be on the scene of operations
early enough to avoid the heavy pack ic*.
The installation plants are the- finest in
the world and were made at a c-ost of $29.
0"<>. As to quality, the same can be said
of the cable. It is the best marine cable
ever made and Is calculated to stand all
kinds of hardships. It was constructed
til the W. K. Urlxey Kerlte Cable Worka,
at Seymour, Conn.. George K. Porter.
RCPeral manager "of the works, will havt
the* management of the laying of the big
wire, and the Government is to be repre
rented by General Greoly of Arctic ex.
jilnration fame. This cable and the land
lines will socn put th» outer world \u
<juick communication with the lands ol
the frozen north.*'
The Government Now Constructing a
Line Do-era the Coast and to
Davrson — Costly Plants
Supplied.
Nome to Have Telegraphic
Communication With the
Outer World.
CABLE TO RUN
UNDER THE FAR
NORTHERN SEAS
the train to take a room at 115 Eddy
street and wired my husband of that fact.
He said he .would put up at the Grand
Hotel. I called there several times this
morning Inquiring for him and finally he
met me on the street outside. He induccvl
me to pive him $50. all the money I had,
and took a diamond rinjr from my finger,
saying I would not need it. I resisted
and he took me roughly by the shoulders.
Then a woman came up to him and they
went away hurriedly together. I am left
here penniless among strangers."
Mrs. Robinson said she was a native of
Melbourne, Australia. She met Robinson
in Perth. Western Australia, and he
wanted to marry her. She took passage
to Singapore aa she did not want to marry
him, but he followed her and prevailed
on her to be his wife. That was eighteen
months ago.
Robinson was arrested by Policemen
Kissane and McMurray. He refused to
discuss the affair, but said he sent his
wife here as he intended putting her in
a private sanitarium.
his possessions. The Justices of the Su
preme Court refused to grant the' writ.
THE citizens of Bentcia have arrang
ed to send to this city what they call
"'The Pride of Benicla," which con
sists of a Juvenile band, which has
been under the instruction of its leader,
J. Hearn. for three years. It will come
down with Vallejo, Xapa and St. Helena
parlors, the citizens of the place named
having contributed the money to meet the
expenses.
The excursion committee has secured
ferry boats for an excursion on the bay.
The vessels will go as far south as Hunt
ers Point, giving the excursionists a view
of the Union Iron Works, with the war
ships in process of construction, and the
great drj'dock. The vessels will then be
headed toward the Golden date, passing
Fort Mison and Fort Winfield Scott: theii.
steam northeasterly, passinc: through
Raccoon Straits Into San Pablo Bay,
through Carquinez Straits to Mare Isl
a-rjd. when there will be an opportunity
to view tho navy yard. The return will
be via Benicia. Martinez and along tho
shore of Contra Costa County, so that
the excursionists may see Point Rich
mond, the terminus of the Santa Fe,
The Improved Order of Red Men will
have three floats in line. One of these
will represent Pocahontas saving the life
of John Smith: the other will represent
an Indian ghost dance, and the third will
t>e that of Ynsemlte Tribe, which will
represent primitive Indian life. Four
hundred and fifty members of the local
tribes will be in line in costume, many of
them mounted. ' ' '
There will not be any United States
troops in line, as it Is almost certain that
there will not be any troops to spare from
the Presidio . post or the islands in the
Governor Gasro has accepted the Invita
tion of Grand Marshal Costello to review
LoR^Osfos Parlor of San I.uls Obispo will
have headquarters with the parlors ot
San Miguel, Nlpomo and Cambria, and as
a feature will serve clam juice and minced
clams from Pismo beach to visitors.
Troop B, cavalry, and two companies
of infantry from 'Sacramento, two com
panies of infantry t.-om Stockton and one
from Woodland will take part in the pa
rade.
Tho parade committee has decided that
at the close of the week all who intend
to take part In tho parade must send in
notice of Intention in order that they
may be assigned a place In line. It 13
exp"ected that there will be about twenty
"thousand people in line and about lifty
floats.
Willis Polk. In a letter to the Board of
Pu+>llc Works, announces that he has
withheld his approval of permits asked
for by merchants who wish to erect
arches In front of their premises on the
ground that these will interfere with the
greneral plan of decorations and urges
that all who wish to decorate their prem
ises do so with Hags only.
The celebration fund took a comfortable
Jump yesterday. Pans Kilburn of the
Harbor Commission, turned in $3270 as a
contribution from the shipping interests
of the city. The general returns wore
substantial from all sources. Amonj;
subscriptions acknowledged were the fol
lowing:
James I>. Flood. City of Paris. $100 each;
Klmball Steamshl:) Company. A. C. Frees*.
California Dry Dock Company. .Ship Owners 1 ,
Merchants' an<l Tugboat Company. J.'O each:
Haumgartner & Co.. Hasting Clothing Co..
Thcmas J. Wal?h & Co.. Parker & Tarbox,
Norton Tanning Company, Ulsslnger & Co..
K II. Frank & Co.. Kullman. Salz & Co., J.
Levy & Co.. Meyer * Ebhltsen. Werthelmer
Cornpanj-. Arthur Rodeers. I*. Ahrens. Sperry
Flour Company. George W. McN'ear, Stockton
Milling Company American Uank and Trust
Company. J. W, nllla. Ed Homan, Madl«on-&
Burk», 'Kaeton. Elrtridge & Co., Shalnwald.
nuokbe- & Co.. Baldwin & Howell. G. II.
Umbsfn, Thomas Maee* 4- Sons, Davison &
Leigh, A. M. Speck & Co., O. D. Baldwin,
A. J. Hlch &. Co. and 0. F. von Rheln & Co.,
j:.'i each.
James L. Flood has placed at the dis
posal of the committee during the cele
bration the vacant lot formerly occupied
by the Baldwin Hotel. :The committee
will receive bids from persons desiring to
use the lot for the erection of a grand
stand. A substantial return is expected
from the fact that the location is one of
the best in the city :rom which to view
the parade.
While the old City Hall, on Kearny
street, was being torn down Thomas B.
Robinson discovered among the ruins the
first municipal flag of San Francisco. This
will bo carried in the procession by a
member of Piedmont Parlor, side by side
with the new municipal flag.
During 1 celebration week the new park
In the vicinity of the German Hospital
will be dedicated with appropriate cere
monies by the Army and Navy Parlor of
the Native Sons, composed of men. who
served in the Philippines, most all of them
under the late Colonel Duboce. In honor
of the late colonel of the First California
Volunteers It will be named Duboce Park.
Napa, St. Helena, Callstoga and Vallejo
parlors will be accompanied in the parade
by a Juvenile band from Benicia, under
the leadership of Joseph Hearn. Citizens
of Benicia take great pride in the band.
The boys, as the result of three years'
practice, have attained such proficiency as
to merit words of commendation from
Sousa and other well-known musicians.
The band is handsomely uniformed, and
will no doubt constitute one of the pa
rade's attractive features.
The Improved Order of Red Men have
voted to have three floats in line, two by
the order and one hyYosemlte Tribe. Those
by the order will represent Pocahontas
saving the life of Captain John Smith and
an Indian ghost dance, while that of Yo
semlte Tribe will be an illustration of In
dian life in the earliest history. There
will be four hundred and fifty men In In
dian costume, many of them mounted. A
number of the ladles who are members
of the Degree of Pocahontas will also take
part.
THE PRIDE OF BENICIA.
zendorfer. representing Townsend, de
clared that his client had embodied his
unverified petition for letters of adminis
tration in his affidavit to the Supreme
Court and had therefore made the petition
a part of the affidavit. "It is not con
templated by the law." said the attorney,
"that a petitioner must place himself in
a position where he may be indicted by
a Grand Jury for perjury."
Attorney Gunzendorfer insisted that th-j
writ of prohibition should be made per
manent, as his client was being dcprive.l
of his rights by Judge Dunne In not re
ceiving the statutory allowance of ten
days in which to prepare for the hearing
<>f his j>etition for letters and In not be
ing given the same equality before the
court as other petitioners.
To the surprise of the court Attorney
Hassett. representing the Public Admin
istrator.' arofe to support the contention
and petition of Townsend.
"But you neither favor nor resist this
petition do you. Mr. Hassett?" asked
Chief Justice Beatty in surprise.
"I favor it." was the reply, "as I believe
that my Interests would be jeopardized if
I did not."
Attorney Hassett spoke briefly, but drew
forth no new ideas on the subject and the
cape •was submitted. Later in the day the
court rendered its opinion, discharging the
writ and permitting Judge Dunne to pro
ceed.
The attorneys for Mrs. Murray are cha
grined that the Grand Jury should have
undertaken so listlessly the charge that
Mrs. Bessie Tracy Smith wrote the spuri
ous will which has been introduced into
the case. The official inquisitors havo
heard none of the Important witnesses in
the affair and in excusing all of them
until further notice indicate that they
have no particular wish to make haste.
"I do not intend to wait indefinitely the
pleasure of the Grand Jury," said Attor
ney Matt Sullivan yesterday. "A crime
has been committed and the offender or
offenders should be brought to Justice. If
necessary I shall swear to a complaint
myself and secure a warrant from th*
police court. Our probate administration
is becoming a disgrace and a menace and
It is high time that something: should be
done to destroy the abuses which havo
grown up. In this matter it is conceded
that a erfme has been committed and we
believe that it is our duty to expose the
criminal."
NEVER SAW BOGUS WILL.
Never in His Employ.
Colonel Pippy Says Mrs. Smith Was
Colonel Oeorgp H. Pippy. one of the at
torneys appointed by the court to repre
sent tho absent heirs in the Townsend
case, resents the insinuation that ho may
have seme knowledge of the bogus will
which was mailed to Miss Xell'e Rattigan.
He points out that there would be entire
absence of motive, as in his capacity of
attorney for the absent heirs he would
not desire that any will be found.
Colonel Pippy also objects to the line of
reasoning by which his nam» and that of
Mrs. Bessie T. Smith are linked in the,
bogus will disclosures. He said last even
ing:
"Mrs. Smith has never been !n my office
but once in her llf«». She was never em
ployed by me in any capacity. I have,
never seen a will in the Townsend matter
and have never seen any one who has. I
know nothing of any bogus will and any
insinuation that I do is false."
THE hearing of the application of
PuMic Administrator Patrick Bo
land and of Mrs. KM.-i V. Murray
for letters <>f administration on the
t state of Mrs. Almira S. Townsend
\vul be resumed this mornin~ before Su
perlor Jed&a Frank II. Duane. The writ
tf prohibition temporarily issued by the
Supreme Court at the instance of Thomas
T. Townsond, th«? *>x-husband of the dead
woman, was discharged yesterday by the
..;ij ¦- llate tribunal after h session in which
WYc-ral sensational feature? developed.
Ju.irro Dunne is therefore at liberty to
proceed wltli liis inquiry.
In the besting before the Supreme Court
yesterday the ren:;trkab!e PCfSM was fare
wtiicd of the attorney for the Public Ad
ministrator uniting with the lawyer for
The ex-bUSband to force a delay In the
case and prevent Judge Dunne from act
ing. When Chief Justice Beatty asked
Attorney HasPftt in surprise what ne
meant the lawyer replied that he felt tnat
his Interest* would be jeopardized If he
did not support the contention of (he ex
husband.
Th^n anotiicr curious phase developed in
the BCStact of the ex-husband. Thorns T.
Towiisend. to swear, in his affidavit that
he i? the surviving husband of Mrs. AJ
mira S. Townson<i. The attention of his
attorney was called to this vital omission
by the court, and the astonishing answer
was mr.de that the i*-titioner was not
forced under the law to place himself in
a position wher» he could be indicted by
a Cirand Jury for perjury.
The attorneys for Mrs. Murray had sub
jx-naed Townsrnd with a purpose of in
ducing him to swear before the court that
he is the surviving husband of Mr.«.
Townsend. The old man was not asked
to do so. however, ami Attorney Matt
Balllraa declared that if he had done so
he would immediately have been arrested
on a charpe <>f perjury. This illustrates
•with what lilttf llifi the case is prvKr^s-
Ing even In its preliminary stapes. Mrs.
Townacnd died a month ago to-day and
already the iquafcble for her fortune, is
drifting in its eaxrer sweep toward the
criminal court?. Nrw scandal is disgrac
ing the probate administration of the local
courts and new reputations are on the
verge of bankruptcy.
The petition <^f Thomas T. Townwnd
for a writ of prohibition was heard by
the Supreme Court in 5>ank. all of tlv j
Justices bdDg present. E. Myron Wolf
appeared for Judge l>unne and prcsenteJ
a demurrer to the petition of the tx-hus
!:a?)d. Mr. Wolf argued his side of'tlit
case effectively and logically. He claimed
that th* petitioner had a speedy, easy ami
adequate remedy in tho ordinary process
ttt the Isn- if his riprhti* were In any way
Jeopardized by th«» loweif court. No in
jury had !>e>. n 0;n<? and if any were at
tempted Townsend had the ripht of ap
jieeJ. For the hijrh*r court to issue the
v.rii of prohibition, Sir. Wolf argruerf
T"«uld l>«* to demoralize probate procwl
iogft in the lower court, to encourajre de
lays made in bad faith and to destroy the
evident purpose of th«* statute to expedite
all probate proceed ings in the interest of
the heirs.
Attorney Matt Sullivan followed on (dis
bar line?, but called attention particu
larly to hi? contention that Thomas T.
Tuwnpond had nr>t made oath that he i.=
lYif- surviving husband of Mrs. Almlra 8.
Townsend. This contention appeared ti
Btrtlu tho court with much force as Jus
tice MrFarlan.l asked the attorney for
Townsend to explain it. Attorney Gur-
Judge Dunne Will Proceed With
the Tovvnsend Case—Mrs.
Murray's Attorneys Make
New Threats,
SUPREME COURT
DENIES THE WRIT
van asked: "Does that mean that I must
close my side entrance and ?•*
"That means that you must close your
saloon," replied Xewhall.
The silence was embarrassing: to New
hall and It was nome time before Sulli
van could sain his composure.- his face
showing 1 a deep flush even through the
dark tan acquired on his recent vacation.
When at last h<» arose from hla chair
he hesitated, and. turning to the Chief,
he asked •when the order was to go Into
effect. To which the Chief replied, "Close
your place to-night."
Attorney Samuel M. Shortridge rushed
Into the meeting-room about a half-hour
after the board had Riven its decision
against Sullivan. He made an earnest ef
fort to have the board reconsider, but his
plea was refused and the case went over
until next Tuesday nleht. at which time
a rehearing may be asked for.
At an early hour this morning the saloon
had not yet been closed.
The application of th» Cafe Royal for a
liquor license •was granted for three
months.
The board granted a license to Mrs. Cal
nan. wife of cx-Offlcer Timothy Calnan.
who was dismissed from the force for
horse-stealing.
Price Illegally Disrated.
City Attorney Lane advised the Board
of Police Commissioners yesterday that
the former board did not have the power
to Impose the penalty of disratement
upon Lieutenant of Police William Price.
After quoting the law bearing on the
subject Lane says:
The only fair conclusion that can be drawn
in that it was the purpose of the State Legis
lature and of the Board of Supervisors to
ro limit the powers of the Police Commission
that an accujifrl officer nhould either be ac-.
quitted, nisDended or removed.
Th« power to degrade was not expressly
given, and if there In any authority for imply
ing such power I have not discovered it In th»
su:r;'«-!<ed cases. A case derided in the Xew-
York Court of Appeals held. that removal does
not include disratement. Tfte same court hell
that the power of removal do^s not lncludo
the Dower to suspend. And in Waldorf va.
Police Commissioners. 140 N. T. 473. it was
held that the Commissioners had the power
to remove for cause but did not have power to
create a new rank or gra<!« with lower salary
and asstrn the relator (Waldorf) to such new
rank. These cases go principally to show how
¦trlctly the courts construe statutes of this
character. The courts uniformly lean awar
from a broad tnd liberal construction of such
statutes and they refuse t« Imply powers not
essential to those expressly rranted.
It certainly cannot b« said that there Is ab
solute necessity that a Board of Police Com
missioners should hav" the power of dlsrate
ment: Indeed, it la a matter of doubt if the
present board has such power.
SULLIVAN OUT OF
HOUSE AND HOME
PoliceCommissionersSummarily
Close the Doors of the Hoff
man—County Attorney Says
Price Was Illegally Disrated.
t-.r->HE Board of Police Commissioners
took oTfense at What it termed an
I R open defiance hurled at it by W. J.,
familiarly known as "Pop," Sullivan,
proprietor of the Hoffman Houso cafe and
grill room, by his refusal to comply with
the? board's order regarding the closing of
side entrances, and after a short hearing
last night it ordered Mr. Sullivan to close
his saloon at once.
A "report against the Hoffman Cafe
was then read, but on the announce
ment that the proprietor was out of town
the case was laid over.
I^ater Sullivan entered the rooms and
asked for a hearing. He apologized for
his tardiness and said that on his re
turn from an outintj he found a. subpena
awaiting him and had come to answer It.
After a few preliminary questions he was
asked why .he allowed his side entrance
to be kept open contrary to the conditions
of tho granting of his license. For awhile
he argued that there were no conditions
to blB license, but at last came out bluntly
and declared that "others are doing- It
and I want the same privileges." This
answer started Judge W allace again, and
he addressed llr. Sullivan in such a way
that there could - be no mlstaklne his
meaning 1 .
"Mr. Foster gave just such an excuse
a short while ago," said Wallace, "and
when asked to cite. an instance, he failed
to do so. I- can see nothing: but a dip
obedience of the law In the keeping open
of your side entrance. I think you, as
well as ethers, should comply with the
ordinance, and I will make a motion to
that effect. I move, gentlemen, that this
place be closed."
Commissioner Xewhall asked Sullivan
why he defied the board, and Sullivan re
plied that while ho wished to obey th«
iav,* he desired the same chance that
others ha.1 in the premises.
"What business is it of yours," broke
In Wallace, "if we grant a continuance
for a week or two In some cases? This
board has endeavored to act fairly and la
not given to making harsh rulings against
any one. We do not act hurriedly to hurt
any one. You are violating the law. Mr.
President, my motion is before the board."
The Hoffman Closed.
Then Mr. Xewhall called for a vote.
There was a response to the call for ayes,
but no answer for the noes. After the
announcement "It Is so ordered" was
made all was silent In the room. Xewhall
broke the quiet by saying, "That is all,
Mr. Sullivan." ,'
Without moving from his chair Sulli-
FERRY-BOATS WILL TAKE THE
VISITORS AROUND THE BAY
?. V~ ;-,-¦-'"¦ • ¦ . . . - - ... - -¦- - - _ .-.. . -*- - - •
THE SAN FRANCISCO: CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 22, 1900.
4
"Lucke is selling out."
are big money savers
Lucke's sale has been going on for 18 days —
yet every day the store is crowded to the doors.
People have bought shoes, saved money and
told their friends. Every pair sold has brought
new customers and many have returned two and
three times.
A low estimate of the number of persons hav-
ing purchased during the 18 days of this sale is
1 5,000.
If you have not bought, you have missed an
opportunity of saving one-half or more on your
Come in the morning. The store is not so
crowded then and you will be waited upon mere
quickly and with less inconvenience.
Here are a few typical values :
Men's
Men's genuine vici kid shoes,
"Goodyear" welt — equal to shoes
made by hand; Lucke is setlinac
the shoes out for : .
$2.35
$2.85
A "Goodyear" welt vici kid
shoe at this price has never oc-
curred in San Francisco previous
to this sale.
Men's imported patent leather
shoes, nearly all sizes, < ,%t:
Think of getting a pair of cood
patent leather shoes for $2.8.1.
Ladies
Laird, Schober & Co.'s tan calf-
skin lace shoes, heavy extension
soles; sold formerly at $5.00 and
$6.00 respectively, now reduced to
$3.40
$3.60
There are no better or sweller
shoes — rio matter who sells them.
Ladies' hand-welted shoes, kid
tops, extension soles, kid or
patent leather tips,
$2.85
They sold readily at $4.00 be-
fore the sale. : .:
Children's and misses' kid lace
shoes, extension soles or close
edges,
•sizes 6 to 8 90c
sizes tyi to n SI.00
sizes 11V2 to 2 SI. 25
Good school shoes for girls.
Boys'
Boys' school shoes — the kind
mothers appreciate.
sizes 10 to 2 $1.05
sizes 2J4 to S*A S1.15
Boys will find hard work in
wearing these shoes out.
All of the above shoes are carefully fitted by
experienced shoe salesmen..
Lucke's
832 Market St.Highest Award Paris Exposition.
The San Francisco office of Wyckoff,
Seamans & Benedict, manufacturers and
owners of the Remington Standard Type
writer, received a telegram yesterday
from their main office In New York saying
that the Remington Typewriter had won
the diploma of Grand Prix, the highest
award of the Paris Exposition. There
were live awards granted— first. ine
Grand Prix," sometimes called the Di
ploma of Honor, which is granted for ex
ceptional merit only: second, sold medal:
third, silver medal: fourth, bronze medal;
fifth, honorable mention.
A new phase of the millmen's strike de
veloped yesterday, .when F. V. Meyers,
Stato Commissioner of I.abor,. visited a
number of the large factories and ordered
a 1 better enforcement of the law regulat
ing the employment of minors. The Com
missioner's visit was a surprise to some
of the mill-owners. It was claimed that
several mills were employing boys under
age, while older ones -were required to
work longer than the law permitted.
These stories reached the ears of the
'Commissioner, hence' his agility yester
day. At each mill visited by the Com
missioner the owner was left .with a copy
of the act regulating the hours of labor
and employment of minors. The mill
owners' attention was called especially to
section 3, which says that "every person
or corporation employing minors under
16 years of age In any manufacturing es
tablishment shall post and keep posted In
a conspicuous place In every room wher»
such help is employed a printed notice
stating the number of hours per day for
each day of the week required of such
persons." The law also provides that the
name of any minor under 16 employed
shall be kept In a book, which must be
produced upon request of the Labor Com
missioner.
It Is stated there may be one or two
prosecutions as a result of Mr. Meyers'
investigations.
The mill-owners are to meet this even-
Ing, but according to a prominent mem
ber "only routine business will be trans
acted." Asked If the association would
take any action on the resolution of the
builders recommending that the Mer
chants' Association take steps to arbi
trate the trouble, the owner replied:- "We
have received no notification of any such
resolution. All we know is what we have
seen In the papers. If the Millmen's As.
soclatlon wants to arbitrate tho matter
It can find Its own arbitrators. We have
nothing to arbitrate."
This looks very much as if the settle
ment of the trouble between the owners
and employes was as far distant to-day
as it was two weeks ago.
William Crocker wns asked If he could
explain why the Trades Council indorsed
so promptly the plan to arbitrate, and he
answered with a smile:
"If I am not mistaken. It was the labor
organization that originated the idea.
They knew what was coming, while we.
of course, only suspected it. No. there
will be no arbitration by the Merchants
Association in so far as we are con-
C€?rnccl '*
The strike has already caused a depre*.
sion in the building trade, which is being
felt more and more every day. The elgh..
hour mills are rushed with work, but the
general effect of the trouble is depressinR.
Manv contractors, rather than have any
trouble by accepting material from nine
hour shops, are deferring their work as
far as practical, pending a possible speedy
settlement of the trouble. ,
Commissioner Meyers Finds
Owners Are Violating
the Law.
MINORS BEING
EMPLOYED IN
PLANING MILLS
Wants Her Inheritance.
Mary Fargo Stewart, a niece of the late
Calvin Fenton Fargo, has petitioned for
the distribution to her. of $100,000, ¦; which
sum was bequeathed to her by her uncle.
Decedent's estate Is valued at $372,000-
Fresno Raisin Growers' Troubles.
FRESNO, Aug. 21.— At a meeting of the
Raisin Growers' Association to-day the
resignation of M. T. Kearney as president
and director was formally accepted and
an amendment adopted to the bylaws per
mitting of voting by letter. This latter
action is in order to save traveling ex
penses'to members who reside at distant
P °Then followed filibustering motions to
prevent the choosing of a successor to
Kearney. Efforts were made to secure an
adjournment for two .weeks, ¦when -Kear
ney Will have returned from Europe.
There are rumors that Kearney will seek
to secure ..reinstatement.
THE young man arrested Monday
night for holding up Benjamin Hess
last Thursday night, and who gave
the name of F. Fernandez, was
Identified yesterday | as James Gonzales,
whose father, a wealthy planter in Cen
tral America, resides at Ilb4 O'Farrell
street. Hess swore to a complaint before
Judge Cabanlsa yesterday charging Gon
zales with robbery and he was booked on
the charge at the City Prison.
Sergeant Duke and Policeman McQuaid.
who made the arrest, had their suspicions
turned to Gonzales from the fact that up
to last Friday he had been going, around
the "tenderloin" 1 shabbily dressed and
without any money. Friday night he was
dressed to perfection and was spending
money lavishly. They ascertained that
he was living with a woman at the Dun
lap House on O'Farrell street and they
made arrangements with Policeman Kent
zell. who Is on ,fhat beat, to get Gonzales
to meet him at the corner of O'Farrf.H
and Mason streets Monday night" on the
pretext that he wanted to see him about
a man who also lived in the" Dunlap
House. Gonzales was there on time and
Hess, who was with the sergeant and
McQuald, at once recognized him as one
of the two men who held him up. Gon
zales'. companion, who was the smaller
of the two,; held the revolver at his head
while Gonzales went through his pockets
taking $6 In cash and two diamond studs
valued at $100. Hess lives at S13 Oak
street and when held up was on his way
home after buying some tamales for sup
per.
•The police have not yet succeeded in
finding any trace of the diamond studs
but as they believe that Gonzales has
either sold or pawned them they expect
to recover them vat any moment. They
are also> searching for Gonzales 1 . compan
ion, as they. suspect the two men of hav
ing committed other offenses.
Gonzalos is 23 years of age and is the
"black sheep" of the family. He has been
arrested several times, but always es
caped conviction. A -few months ago
Policeman Carroll aTrested him ¦ on a
charge of vagrancy. He had grossly in
sulted two young ladles on the street, wh&
complulned to, Carroll. At that time he
escaped with a severe rebuke * from- the
bench. He refused to ¦ talk --"yesterday
further than to say that Hess is mistaken.
ONE OF THE MEN WHO HELD T~? BENJAMIN HESS.
UNIVERSITY
HAPPENINGS
* - NIVERSITT OF CALIFORNIA.
I I BERKELEY, Aug. 21.— Ralph Fish.
fj er, the president of the Associated
Students, has appointed the follow
ing debating committee for tbe en
suing year: W. B. Greeley, '01; Walter
N. Frickstad, '01; Ben Reed, '02. Mr.
Greeley, the chairman, represented the
university on the Carnot team last year
and as substitute in . the Intercollegiate
debate. This Is an important committee,
as It has full charge, under the executive
committee, of the Carnot and Intercolle
giate contests with Stanford.
The Young Men's Christian Association
gave a- reception this evening In Stiles
Hall to the men of the freshmen class.
There was a large crowd present and a
few. short addresses were made by mem
bers of the association. Friday evening
the Young Women's and- Young Men's
Christian Association will give a reception
In Stiles Hall to the entire class of 1904.
Baron Alfred von Nostltz. who arrived
In San Francisco Sunday from China.
lunched to-day with President iien<amiu
Farmer _attimer' of Capay Insane.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, Aug. 21.— W. G. Lattlmor
of Capay Valley was examined by i
lunacy commission, this evening, presided
over by Judge Alherry of Colusa, and ad
judged Insane. • He is a native of Eng
land and 45 years old. His brother. J. D.
Lattimer. is said to be the inventor of
the nickel-in-the-slot machine. Six years
ago Lattlmer purchased a fruit farm 'n
Capay Valley. Four years later he mar
ried. Shortly afterward he developed
symptoms of insanity. Six weeks ago h<?
became so violent that his wife and child
were forced to abandon their home. He
came to Woodland willingly, in the belief
that-he was on his way to England.. >"..'.
FOOTPAD BELIEVED TO
BE A PLANTER'S SON
SANTA AlftTA STAB, WINS.
Captures the Chief Event at tho
Marysville Races.
MARTSVILLE. Aug. 21.— The first day's
racing under the auspices of the Thir
teenth District Agricultural Association
took place this afternoon at Agricultural
Park. The attendance was up to that of
opening days In former years. Pools sold
fairly well.
The day's programme consisted of two
running and two harness events. In the
2:40 trot Santa Anita Star took first
money. In the second race, for mixed
trotters and pacers, the favorite, Lynall,
failed to take a place. San Augustin, the,
favorite in the tirst running event, gal
loped in a winner, while in the second.
McFarlane, the first choice, was badly
beaten. The summary:
First race — Trottlne. 2:40 class, mile heats,
best 3 1p 5. Durse $400:
Santa Anita Star (W. S. Maben) Ill
Maggie McKinney (W. G. Durfee) 2 2 2
Juan Chlco (II. H. Hellman) 3 3 3
Mary L <X. G. Smith) 4 4 4
Dolado R (Robinson) d
Time— 2:17. 2:19^. 2:204-
Second race — Mixed trotters and pacers, mile
heats, best 3 In 5. purse $C50:
Sam H (W. W. Whitney) 14 11
Glenway (J. R. Alberson) 2 2 4 3
Belle Patchen (F. Ward) 3 5 2 2
Kynall (George W. Klngrsbury) 4 3 3 3
I*uerto Rico <J. G. Curcello) 5 15 4
• Time— 2:13&. 2:21*4, 2:18. 2:21.
Third race, runnlns. five-eighths of a mile,
purs*; $100 — San Augustine won. Redsteel sec
ond. Royal Fan third. Time. 1:02%. Walter
Brady. Ernest, Xomadlc and Iron Jacket also
ran.
Fourth race, running, seven-^ichths of a mile,
purse $100 — Bcaumond won. Whltcomb- second.
Wing third. Time. l:»«i. Onyx. McFarland,
March Seven and Limber Jim also ran.
George L. Kelly of San Francisco, W.
P. Harkey of Yuba City and George W.
SutllfC of Marysville are the judges, and
Jack Dlnue la the starter.
BIG ATTENDANCE AT
THE FARMERS' CONGRESS
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo.. Aug. 21.-
The morning train brought hundreds of
delegates to the Farmers' Congress, the
twentieth annual session of which was
held here to-day. The attendance promises
to be the largest since the congress was
organized.
Although many of the delegates did not
arrive in time to attend the opening ses
sion, the high school auditorium, in which
the congress met, wa.s crowded with dele
gates and spectators when R. G. F. Cand
age of Brookline, Mass., the acting presi
dent, called the gathering to order. Prec-l
dent Slocum of Colorado College delivered
the invocation and welcoming address and
responses were made by Secretary B. F.
Stahl of the congress, Colonel B. F. Clay
ton of Iowa, in place of Major G. M.
Rickals of Georgia, who was absent, and
President Worth of the North Dakota
Agricultural College. President R. G. F.
Candage delivered his annual address.
The evening session was addressed by
Hon. Amos R. Smith of New York on
"Our Shipping Interests" and by Profes
sor Elwood Mead of Cheyenne, Wyo., on
"Irrigation Investigation."
FORT WORTH. Tex., Aug. a.— In a
four-handed duel in Polk County, result
ing from a quarrel over family affairs,
Gabe and Cicero Copeland were instantly
killed, and John and Charles Baker prob
ably fatally wounded. The men battled
at twenty paces with Winchesters.
CONDEMNED TO DEATH.
cerned in Plague Riots.
Harsh Punishment for Prisoners Con-
LONDON, Aug. 22.— A special dispatch
from Alahabad, capital of the division of
the northwest provinces, British India,
of the same name, says the trial of twen
ty-rive prisoners concerned in the Cawn
pore plague riots have resulted in the
condemnation to death of twenty of tha
accused, the transportation of one and
the acquittal of four.
O. K. & N- Buys a Road.
PORTLAND. Aug. 21.— President A. L.
Mohler of tho Oregon Railway and Navi
gation Company states that his company
has purchased the Ilwaeo Railway and
Navigation Company's property in Wash
ington, and that possession will be taken
on September 1. When ol-ked If the O. H.
& N. Intended to build down the north
bank of the Columbia to the mouth he
«ald* - - '
" -I 'know nothing of such a plan. We
have no" Intention of leaving Portland, but
contemplate Increasing our facilities
there." The Ilwaeo road is sixteen miles
in length.
STUBBS DENOUNCES THE
ISTHM^N CANAL PROJECT
CHICAGCMAug. 21.— The construction of
an isthmain canal was vigorously de
nouncd here to-night by J. C. Stubbs,
third vice president of the Southern Pa
cific, at a banquet given by the National
Association of Merchants and Travelers.
His argument was that the opening of
such a canal would hurt the ship-carrying
trade of the United States. Mr. Stubbs
asserted that the United States would dig
the canal at an expense of $130.000,0u0 to
$200,000,000 and would then be obliged to
hire English. Gorman and French ships to
carry the nation's commerce through it.
The United States, he said, would be
mortgaging its resources or taxing its
citizens to make a highway for the ships
of rival nations, inasmuch as Great Brit
ain and Germany are the strongest com
petitors of the American manufacturer in
the markets of the world, and these two
nations own more than two-thirds of the
world's steam tonnage available to over
sea commerce, while the United Stages
owns less than 5 per cent.
POPE LEO OPPOSES THE
PROTESTANT PROPAGANDA
ROME. Aug. 21.— The Pope has ad
dressed a letter to the Cardinal Vicar, in
which he sets forth the danger of the free
propaganda of Protestantism In Italy, es
pecially In Rome. He observes that this
propaganda is permissible by law, but
goes on to show how painful to him is the
eituation resulting from it, since he can
not oppose the propaganda.
Leo recommends that the Cardinal Vicar
strengthen the work of preserving: the
faith, and he exhorts Catholics to unite
in an effort to minimize as far as possible
the damage caused by sectarian propa
ganda. ;
SUICIDE WAS A
FORMER CALIFORNIAN
I/ONDON. Aug. 22.— An inquest held at
Liverpool yesterday Into . the circum
stances attending the death of Terrence
Kelly, a shipping clerk, revealed the fact
that he came to England from Pasadena,
Cal. where his wife and children are now.
Kelly left a letter confessing that he had
taken fifty grains of opium daily for fif
teen years. He killed himself fcy taking
220 grains.
FOUR MEN FIGHT DUEL
WITH WINCHESTER RIFLES
PRELIMINARY REPORT
ON ALASKAN BOUNDARY
Sp%clal Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 21.— A preliminary
and verbal report was made to Assistant
Secretary Adee of the State Department
by Otto H. Tittman, Assistant Superin
tendent of the Ccast and Geodetic Survey,
who has just returned from Alaska, where
he went to establish the provisional
boundary line between Canada and Alaska
as specified in the recent modus vivendi.
Mr. Tittman explained to Mr. Adee pre
cisely where the lines had been run. He
is engaged in the preparation of a detailed
report on the subject which will be filed in
the near future. He made the statement
to-day that the maps which were used in
the negotiations which resulted in the
modus vivendi were exactly correct and
that the lines he had established by sur
vey corresponded exactly to those Indi
cated in the official maps which he had
taken with him.
The Supervisors' Committee on License
and Orders decided yesterday to report in
favor of the passage of an ordinance pro
viding that the hours of labor for laundry
employes should be from 6 a. m. to 7 p. m.
Clerk Russell was directed to draw up the
bill for presentation at the next meeting
of the Board of Supervisors. Action was
taken as a result of petitions filed by
Labor Commissioner Myers and the San
Francisco Labor Council. The committee
realized that the prevailing hours of em
ployment were excessive and worked a
hardship on 2000 employes. 65 per cent of
whom were women and children.
S. Bosq. owner of a French laundry,
supplemented the petitions by stating that
KM) French laundry workers favored
shorter hours, as under present conditions
they were obliged to work from 6 o'clock
in the morning until 11 and 12 o'clock at
night.
Labor Commissioner. Myers was heard
in favor of the ordinance, and said that
all the principal laundries and some of the
smaller ones were notified to be represented
at the meeting of the committee. The ab
sence of their representatives he took to
mean a tacit acquiescence to the proposed
ordinance. Public safety and repose Jus
tified the measure, he said. The courts,
he thought, would decide as a sanitary
measure that the hours of labor In laun
dries should be restricted. The gases and
steam he held to be prejudicial to health.
William Madden contended that evidence
should be heard from men engaged In the
laundry business as to the sanitary aspect
of the case. He claimed that the sani
tary end was regulated by the Board of
Health. J. P. Verges also spoke in opposi
tion to the ordinance. ¦¦.'..
The committee will report adversely to
the protest against the ordinance impos
ing a license of $50 on house movers and
raisers. The protestants were heard, but
It was decided that the ordinance should
stand as a measure of safety.
Committee Reports in Favor
of an Ordinance on the
Subject.
SHORTER HOURS
FOR EMPLOYES
OF LAUNDRIES
L. E. REYNOLDS.
F. Is. LYLE.
FL. LYLE. an electrician In the em
ploy of the Independent Electric
c I-ijjht and Power Company, had
an experience yesterday which he
will not soon forget. He was "engaged in
laying wires in a conduit at the corner
of Clay and Sansome streets, when h's
*vork was suddenly interrupted by a horse
falling through the open manhole. He es
caped the flying hoofs of the frightened
anJmaJ by crouching: in his uncomfortable
quarters. But for some heavy pipes
above his head the beast might have
crushed him to df-ath. As it was. lie was
unal'lo t<» get out of tile hole until the
anjmai had been jiiaced out of its misery
hy policemen.
The accidtnt was a peculiar one and the
escape from death of the men at work
In the manwhole was miraculous. H. C.
Wentworth, who resides at 1751 Fifteenth
street, and is employed by tho Mission
Horse Market, was driving two spirited
horses along Sansome street .about 10
o'clock yesterday morning. When he
reached the corner of Clay and Sansome
one of the horses became frightened at
the. r«Kl Hag which was placed close to
the car track as a warning to teams and
passersby that danger was In their path.
The frightened animal reared on its feet,
and despite the efforts of his driver broke
loose from his traces and began to ma
neuver around the open manhole. Pedes.
trians sprang forward to quiet the mad
dened steed, but before they could grasp
its bridle rein its hind legs slipped
through the aperture. S. E. Reynolds,
chief inspector of the Electric Light and
Power Company, was examining the
wires at the time, and escaped from the
place of danger not a moment too soon.
Lyle was less fortunate. He squeezed hi*
body Into the smallest shape possible ano
for ten minutes avoided the flying hoofs
of the animal and prayed for deliver}'
from death.
The horse slipped Into the hole and
within a few minutes nothing could be
seen of the animal but his head. Th*
faj^t that a man was beneath the horse
spurred rescuers on to renewed efforts.
Ropes were passed beneath the strugglln%
horse and an effort was made to pull him
out. but without success. Police Officers
Jamef J. McShane ajid R. P. de Guire ap
peared on thr scene. Despite the protes
tations of the owner of the horse and the
meddling crowd. McShane flred two shots
at the animal. His bullets did not do ex
ecution, because the crowd persisted in
jostling him and holding his arm. Ofllcer
de Gulre tried his hand with better suc
cess. The bullet from his revolver pierced
the horse's brain and placed it out of his
misery.
It was only until then that Lyle could
escape from his peril. He was congrat
ulated all around for his fortunate es
cape. But for a water and gas pipe above
his head the horse might have crushed
him to death. As it was, the pipes pre-
vented the horse from dropping on him,
but gave him greater anxiety.
When Lyle recovered from his nervous
ness, he told of his narrow escape from
drowning and asphyxiation. He was in
the hole for about ten minutes, and h«
paid it seemed like four days to him.
When the horco began to slip toward hinv
he crouched out of danger, but when the
frightened steed in his struggles to re
gain freedom b«gan kicking the pipes h«
became frightened. Lyle said he expect
ed any minute to be covered by water or
asphyxiated by gas which would pom
from the pipes. He agrees that It was
the narrowest escape ho has ever expe
rienced.
The dead animal was lifted out of the
hole late in the afternoon with a derrick
and was removed to the boneyard.
Frightened Horse Backs Into a Manhole and En
dangers the Life of F. L. Lyle by Kicking
Gas and Water Pipes.
MIRACULOUS ESCAPE FROM
DEATH OF AN ELECTRICIAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, A UtfUST 22, 15)00.
Madam Martin. In charge>6f the City of
Paris Millinery Department, has returned
from New York and Paris, where she has
secured a very strong line of French pat
tern hats— also the exclusive right for the
handling of the Connelly Turban. •
Smyrna Products Debarred.
The Secretary of the Treasury notified
Port Collector Jackson yesterday that he
has prohibited the Importation Into the
United States of flgs, raisins and second
hand rugs and carpets from Smyrna 'be
cause of the prevalence at that port of
the bubonic plague.
Workmen's Silver Jubilee.
1 Myrtle. Harmony. Noe Valley and Yerba
Buena lodges of the Ancient Order of
United Workmen met In Mission Masonic
Hall last night In celebration of the twen
ty-nfth anniversary of the foundation of
the order in this State. There were pres
ent a large number of ladies and gentle
men, who were entertained with musical
numbers by A. D. Hawley and Lee Ham
lin: recitations by Walter Malloy, secre
tary ot the extension committee: jip danc
ing by J. Nolan, and short addresses by
Edwin Danforth. deputy grand master
workman, and Deputy M. J. Blackman.
The programme was followed by a colla
tion served under the direction of Miss
Emma Lawton and then there was danc
ing until midnight.
Ide Wheeler. Earon von Nostltz spent
some time as a guest on a German man
of-war at Taku shortly before leaving
China. He Is on hl3 way around the
world. The present Is his tirst vi*it to tht*
United States.
GOOD NEWS FOR
THE REMINGTON
5
HOUSE FALLS INTO MANHOLE.
THE EMPOBITJM. | THE KMPOBrUM. j THE EMPORTTJM.
[p\ These Special Sales
#^ Wednesday, August 22.
J^a^L^. Onr neckwear, buyer, now in New York, ha3 sent us by express a large special purchase
. of Ladies' Crepe de Chine Scarfs, in such much-sought-for colorings as pinks, blues,
$h' . heliotrope,. white and maize; some of them are hemstitched and hand embroidered, others
ii\A appliqued and fringed. They were imported to retail at $1.25, $1.-50. $2.50, $3.50 and $4.50
¦ WA • each— wilLbe sold Wednesday onlv at these 4*0,* A0a *%»**£ &"& OS5
/^special prices, each... ........,; O&C, H8C BHU $8*5t&
fffiKHudnui's- $1.25, ijx Sale of * «»pje k« of yok.
m^Toilet ,¦ $1.50 and W* Silk K^Tli^
* 2J **&» Articles. . $1.75 ffciZJJ Yokings. H 5 e n f e ( j?|J 89 an JbJ?i
lot of Bodnufs famoa 9 /.r- Wrappers /A^lX 5 inches long, jut noash fortrWBg
/«»// m true and la.tmcr ojors and Had- r O .f1 av (cvkl»/r/ a drcs3 front) hoa b ? en purchased by
MM * '* C 'f ate ' a dell .e htfn J ' and Us y cur New York buyer for less than half
highly effiji-ntrtin preparation thit re- 95G. fj {V real values; thev are worth from 7'c to
¦tails regular y in , all part * of the United Aborted lot of Per- // J2.50 per piece! we -hall sell &g%*%
*jtw a A i S b °- tIe or 3"- "l s P« clal cale Wrappsn, stripes // \ them Wedae^cav on!v at *>***£?
sale Wednesday on y <9Qj> and fi^re^ all of the / /\ ' '
In Rotunda. %*%*%* i resheat and best II \
— goods and best mik- JLl / \ Sale Of 8 P' en -' d '' ne °'
NOVeltV French Gray and Ox- in ~ H . n ! d wais a fc3 with fr^V^A Unrrstntfrt** 0 * 0 *™ 71 -™*'
££/f * idized Belt Buckles °F, Wlthout flounce f' /// ji\ Umrailtetl eomsrising an as-
Belt are tee iat.st Earo- »" - "« 9^ r^ r }l (J/ l\ PlCtUrCS. fortment of nearly
lB«fCAV/eS. Fean and Ne«- York 5l.2o $!.,>¦> and $1.7o > one hundred ehoi«.
€?& * novely. OarExstern -'«Av only. Q - 8nb3sf.ts.eaeh an exquisite work of »rt
buyer made a very sp-cial purchase of ** OG a11 u of lhera in , nea , 1 m3^ 8i =l 13xl v 9
thesa « - jia _— lmche?, our regular low price 2oc oacn;
haunt if ni ft/fik m m- m »- . ., special ?a!e price to-div onlv 13o
bSes i, SSferJ^T^V LatHCS* • Oar . - No , t10 " n Art Goods-Second Floor. '
nucKies 1 gSSif'W^'^;!^-^^ tff^-^ m3(^e a lucky bur
ih3be.t f^S^%^'§v§^ra HOSe and customers to-
oTsl&r BSSB^^pp^^ supporters. Jjj .Jgj Gjroceries ™**^i«tS
plate, us-200 pairs fancy frilled side elastic and .ki B? ?
s.lver gray and ox'dized finwh. which, if rubber catch Hos a tujporters-colors pink «**" '^J 01 r ca! l/, a?
bouo-ht in the regular way... wo-i'd retail L>lue> orange, purple, lavender, cardinal LaqilO2*Sm lucHansiorl^:
at $1. $1.25 and $1.50 each. There are and black. re S u ar!y 35c a pair- .. „ , , - of theni
20 different styles in this lot. and tha to _ day on i y n 3 * 23 C sold Monda y and Tjes - vO
special prices for to-day on'y will be " day, bat a sufficient X*y
««•_ /miry w~^~*. quantity left for ail buv- /-- yv
36c, 46c, 56c. $225 JS^<A
Grash iscoyard«ofs,r^« )w fO'Uay \°**™*i (¦¦•¦¦- :\. 1 ! h^m
Suitings. ™* H nen Crash Sait : m-^*M $1'S9. vi;4 u^ r i^M
» mg, at a pr.ee much f^ttjZA O ur $2.25 Royal PoJ! 7 ' :
nwer than tneir rea value; these are / Lio-^iSii^/ \ n n -u aoaa rnroof inr • r* * , , .- ,
m ,t ii. • • i- j Mfili \\[ itv— Italian cloth in DlacK, [ larlv lac lb fOfi
P*ca for th«<e qaalitiea » loc va-d- M n|JT , hree Bide steels .
sale pnee to-day, yarl JJq !./W»^i bust, beautifully flossld Em?o^^"S^'g^iIl
"'"" v and tr'mmed w t th lar y at 15c lb, to-day on y*^»2*r
— mi- i. . • F ', e S cl l ld S D& 5^°°?' Ripe Olives, rery fine. -to-day qaart...
fif To close out thi-= 13J-mch c'asp. s zjs 13 to 30, rearu'arlr * J ¦» H 2O
IceGream SiM 25 " t0 ' dayo °' r sue ° «^'^
Freezers. S^«i w l Sample \ 2,^. -^ SShS^^»SSS
quart eize of the genuine White Mom- faflQ Qf ¦ than hat f their Cream Pure Rye. fjll quart bottle.
tain Freezers, regularly 4*^ rf «^ T^m+^^S^Scsc actuil valuj'l36 t0 -' !nv - • 8S"i
$2.91 each, for «^^» B £ TapOStrteS. H£l 3 ™^ t \ll Port Wine, high grade, to-day ?! en
75C fl/sft Pans 47c-To-day Tapestries, Wool Tapestries and Satin Da-i • 56c
only, extra heavy grade enameled steel magkg> in i engt h 3 from 24 ts 54 incnes. [Sherry >> me, a gcod quality, tc-dny
Dish Pans, 14-quirt siza (a good thing double width, suitab'e for chair seats anil ea ; ion. 56c
to preserve fruit in i, a special purchase backs, cushion covers, etc. — e?ch i Malt Extract, Johann HofTs. to-<1ay
of 300 of them offered today, each v Trs M S**. && nfa '> per dcz n $2,915
47C 75C WO 93.OO* lnaln Floor-Rear.
"CaliforniaVenus," PP^oj^en^C^ftazakr; ,"8*- 5 ; G ' w " G^e-
now on free exhibition. California's largest-America's grandest stoke bration now on sale.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
rfj[^\ STRICTLY RELIABLE.
gf s&m
\d&l Dr - Talcott
t>|^^, 6C L»0.
Vw7/ 7> Practice Confined
\Kyl // to Disorders o?
1/ the Male.
IN THE VARIOUS FORMS OF GEXERAI.
debility, and convalescence following certain
diseases, such Is the lowered standard of tha
vital processes that the function of no organ Is
perfectly performed, and with the resulting de-
pression the patient has a REAL weakness.
The physician's first thought, under these con-
ditions, la nerve and other tonics.
Not Weakness —
Symptoms!
By far the greater number of patients, how-
ever, seeking relief for so-called ""Weakness" is
furnished by healthy and robust men. On ex-
amination, we find a Prostate Gland which has
been damaged by either a contracted disorder
or early dissipation. These patients hava no
weakness at all. Prematureneaa, Loto of Vital-
ity, etc., are the symptoms, or disordered func-
tlun. of the chronically Inflamed prostate gland.
We find by curing this Inflammation that full
vlgror at once returns. It should bt understood
that tonics, electricity, etc.. might <rure a real
weakness, but would do harm tn Inflammation.
The main object Is to rediicw ;fc* size of the
tender, swollen and Inflamed urottate. This wa
accomplish by local treatment, thus avoiding
drugs. Men who hare unoncc*fsf»Hy treated
for a weakness should now understand tha
cau?e of failure. We send fr— > on application a
colored chart of the organ* which will be found
useful In borne dtairnoffla and tnt»r*st!n7 to all
wishlnar to study the anatomy of the male.
Offices and Hospital, entire upper floor.
997 Market St., Cor. Sixth.
No More Dread of the Dental Chair
TEETH EXTRACTED AND FILLED AB-
SOLUTKLT WITHOUT PAIX. by our lats
scientific method applied to tha sums. No
sleep-producir.K agents or cocaine.
These are the only dental parlor* Jn San
Francisco having PATENTED APPLIANCES
and Ingredients to extract, fill and apply goid
crowns and porcelain crowns undetectable frcm
natural teeth, and warranted for t»n years.
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIN*. Full set ot
teeth $3: a perfect fit guaranteed or no pay.
Gold crowns. S5. Gold, fllllnits. Jl. Sliver fl'N
ines. 50c. All work done by ORADtTATE DEN-
TISTS of from 12 to 20 years" experience, ana
each department Is charge of a specialist. Giv»
u.i a call, and you will find us to do exact??
as we advertise. We wilt tell you In advan-*
exactly what your work will cost by a FRETJ
EXAMINATION. —
New York Denta! Parlors,
723 Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO.
MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND. OR.
BRANCH SEATTLE. WA51I.
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the Cure o? Gonorrhoea. Gleets.
Strictures nnd analogous complaints
of the Groans of Generation.
Price $1 a bottle. For sale by druggists.
1A/. T. HESS.
»0TABT PUflI.13 A»3 ATT0ENEY-AT-U*.
Tenth Floor. Room 1013. Claus SpreclceU Bids.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. S21 California st.. below PowvU.
, San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
~SENT~FREnOf/iEN!
A Mcst RemarkablQ Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are beir.s mailed to ail who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tied for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
ihe Institute has decided to distribute
. free trial packages to all who write. It
£ :s a home treatment, and all men who
suffer from any form of sexuaJ 'weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and fieems to act direct
to the df-sired location, giving strength
and development just where It Is needed.
Jt cures ail the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolute
success in all cases. A request to the
State MedicaJ Institute. 228 Elektron
buildir.s. Fort Wayne. Ind.. stating that
vou desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with promptly. The
Institute is desirous of reaching that
great class of men who axe unable to
leave horn* to be trr-ated. and the free
eampie will enable them to see how easy
it is to be cured of sexual weakness when
the proper remedies are employed. The
Institute make? CO restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed in a plain package, so
that its recipient nerd have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write without delay.
§V1M, VIGOR, VITALITY for MLS
MORMON BISHOP'S PILI^
have t»en In use over flfty
years by the leaden of the
Mormon Church acd their fcl-
lowera. Positively cure» the
worst cases la oH and younj
eiielnc from *3ects of •elf-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
clKar»tt»-EOTokiriR'- Cures Lost
. , Manhood. Impoteney. Loit
VaSCv power. Nicht Loss". Insom-
r'.a Pain* tn Beck. Kvll Desires. Lame Back.
¦Nervous Debility. Headache. I.'nfltneM to Mar-
ry U*t of Seraen. — » Varicocele or Con-
ftiratlon. Stops ne f~) fj rvous Twitching
rf Eyelids. Effects J^JTc 81 "' Immediate.
Impart visor ind C CN TS potency to every
runrtion. Don't "t despondent: a cure Is at
I hand Restores en— II. undeveloped organs,
ftirulate* th* brain and nerve center*: Mo a
box-t for $2 00 by mall. A written ruarantee to
" J cr pjotiey rounded with 6 boxes. Circulars
££f Addre'i BISHOP BF.MEDT CO . 40 Ellla
•^•EaVFT-ScSS: CM, GRAST DRUO CO,
£S and 1 40 Third et^ .
Jj t± Ha_ *A «A a ii ~> "»
Avw OR- JORDAN'S great 4
pgSEUH OF flKATOBYf
\ cj The LarfettAnatsmiad Muicum in tbe \
A * Jl World VTeiineiM* or »ji» contrirted A
" tGS-fl «! r*s» p.-iUU^-:jc«r»*.i,)-tli'oMcil <
•* /^?S C" I -^ecu.jftn tl*. C—u. E*L .i6 jroars.
t !)¥?*& Oft. CCaCAi*-?3fV£Tt OSSEASESi 0
> P (r^!) rt tc3«j!t»tion frrn aiid strictly prir-rt \
A t xj%/H Tr«>:nient ptrionol.y of by letter. A/ I
7 P V iS fj I'ot.Uvc tWrom CTCfjrcJieundmaieiL. \
Aw 'II tl/f. *rttfoc8nok.rn«i.o»«pnir«r, i
P - if ' ¦* <l4RBI4<ili, MAIi.ti> t-HUU. <Ar '
i> i£ II- *«i-a.-ie txx>lc i~i aril . | '
V MI SOUQIXZdt CO.. lOM ilarltet SL.aF. f
nn TTCU17O for barbers, bak-
D il U ORE* O «• bath-
houses, billiard tables,
l)r*-»*rs. cnndy-mak*^-«. canners.
dyc-rr. fiourmillF. foundries. laundries, paper-
l.-j.^rfrs, printers, painfrs. shoe factories, sta-
b>m<-r., tar-roof<»r?, tannors. tailors, etc.;. :
BUC: A>AN HIMr..
Ariis'i Manufacturers. O09 Sacramento St.
Weak Men and Women
SOLLD CHE. IMMIAKA UITTEBS. TWi5
ereat Mexican remedy; elves health and
strcagth to eexuaJ organs. Depot, 23 MarketFASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
may the sovereign be greeted as "Sire" or
"Madame." though the etiquette of the
Russian court permits it when the French
language Is bein:? used. When Russian Is
being spoken. Nicholas II is to his cour
tiers and officials "Czar"-rem ployed like
the Prussian "Majestat," without a pro
noun. — London Mall.
The programme has been Issued for ex
aminations for teachers' certificates, to be
Snlwi in the o Pol >' te chnic I High School
building on September .1 to 8 inclusive,
copies may be obtained upon application
to . Deputy Superintendent Kingsbury at
tne v^ity Hall.
Examination of. Teachers.
Charles Tovvne, the Populist, intends, it is said, to
camp oratorically on the trail of Roosevelt. Mr.
Towne has been associated so frequently with political
circuses that he probably thinks that in the present
campaign even a side show will receive some patron
ise. , .
The simple title "Madame," reduced in
practice to "Jla'am," is, as 'most people
know, all that Serves between Queen Vic
toria and her court to mark the former's
dignity as the ruler of a world-wide em
pire. Had Britain a King he would be no
more than "Sire," the old French- form of
"Sir,", sacred to royalty. With us the terra
"your Majesty" is only for servants and
ceremonial occasions.
There .are .few other courts where this
wholesome. simplicity prevails. The Em
peror of Germany is "Majestat"— there is
no pronoun in the title— to all and sundry,
even to his family, except :when in abso
lute privacy. The Emperor of Austria is
"Eurer Majestat" at all times and under
all circumstances: -the.: King of Greece is
"Votre Majeste"-:French being the co\?rt
language— and our recent visitor, the King
of Swtden, is- "Ers Majestat." Their
royal consorts are . addressed with the
same formality.
Only, at the courts of Beleium and Italy
How to 'Address a Monarch.
Would Make Public Playground.
See w^^* titsss
ior^T& io °r!c r tV lOCW WhlCh wa3
DRESS FOR A TOUXG LADT.
sailor's knot are of black v^Tvlt. " a " d
The physicians of Jeffries, the pugilist, say, that he
must not under any circumstance exercise Violently
for ; a year. It' is sincerely to be hoped that the in-
i unction covers, jaw practice.
The, Grand Jury investigation; of the sale of posi
tions on the water front by corrupt politicians has
had at least one material result. /It has turned several
rascals loose upon "one another.
The^ ways of local lawyers are Inscrutable. An at
torney who wanted a fee for getting a woman mar
ried and then wanted another for getting her divorced
now says he will work for nothing to keep her mar
ried. • . •¦ ¦;. '"-^.- ¦¦¦¦.'¦.-¦¦ '.¦.<¦:¦' ¦/ "*
When "Young Dutchy" returned from Nome and
with a flourish announced that he was goingto do a
deal of talking in reference to the conspiracy to rob
the Sullivan estate, he probably meant that' he would
talk to himself. His silence has been positively elo
quent since his arrival.
The Italian anarchists who arrived in New York
recently with the purpose, it is said, of murdering
President McKinley, will find probably that in this
country the industry of assassination results invariably
in an immediate demand for hemp, the supply of
which, fortunately, is large.
A bright boy In the district of New York
has a long list of customers whose- pencils
he keeps sharpened, and who also patron
ize him for new pencils. He has a patent
sharpener and goes from store to store
and office to office.
Ninety-nine descendants were left by
Henry Smith, who recntly died at South
Deerfleld. Mass., at the age of M. His de
scendants are nine sons and daughters.
thirty-five grandchildren, fifty-six great
grandchildren and two great-great-grand
children.
Oxford has among Its undergraduates a
married Lancashire millhand, 3 years of
age, who worked his way into the univer
sity by studying after factory hours, w m
the help of free libraries and university
extension lectures. He has won a schol
arship worth £S0 a year.
Dancing la not an amusement monopo
lized alone by the young and frivolous.
Mrs. Phoebe Crabbe of Norwalk. Conn.,
is 103 years old. and she is suffering from
rheumatism brought on by that amuse
ment. Uncle Billy Klpperly of FortScott.
Kansas, who is 33. broke his leg recently
while doing a hornpipe.
It is the law fn Maine that the bounty
for bears shall be paid when the animal a
nose is shown: fn New Hampshire the
ears must be exhibited. Some enterprising
sportsmen living near the borders of the
two States get a double bounty by col
lecting on the r.osea in one State and on
the ears in another. _
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend s»
Some Idea of the importance given to
athletics In colleges and universities may
be had from the fact that Tale, Harvard.
Columbia. Princeton. Pennsylvania and
Cornell spent (304,243 for that purpose last
year.
A physician declares that a person In
robust health walks with his toes pointed
to the front, while on© with hlB health on
the wane gradually turns his toes to the
side, and a bend Is perceptible In his
knees.
In a Poughkeepsl© (X. T.) newspaper
recently the following marriage notice
appeared: "Holder— Close— At Jersey
City. July 22. by Rev. Charles J. Allen.
Charles E. Holder to Llllie W. Close, both
of Poughkeepsie."
FOR CALL READERS.
."A woman doesn't always have the last
word, docs she?" ¦
"Oh, no. Sometimes she is talking to
another woman." — Life.
The Rejected One — Can you give me no
hope.. "At some 'future time perhaps — :'
She— Well, come to me again in ten
years, arid if I should be -stiir unmarried
I'll— I'll think of it.— Judy.
IT DOES HAPPEN. \
"Does your father seem depressed anil
rostlrss without occupation in his declin
ing days?"
* "Without occupation? -Why, he-has a
camera ami takes pictures of baby from
morning till night."— Detroit Free Press.
SOME HOPE.
Two commercial travelers in a railway
carriage, entered into conversation.
One of them tried very hard to make tha
other understand something, but he was
either very hard of hearing or slow in be
lieving. " ¦ ¦
At last his friend lost his temper and ex
claimed: "Why. don't you see? It's as
plain as A B C!"
"That may be," said the other, "but,
you see. I am D E F."— St. Louis Globc-
Democrat.
VACUUM CROWDED WITH BUSINESS
Of all the tantalizing things by which we
are besfct.
The man who makea-an "able" speech, he
is the toughest yet.
The people stand and whisper, "Be as
quiet as you can;
Tou mustn't interrupt him. He's a very
able man."
And the boys get tired and wiggle,
And the girls all want to giggle,
And I lose his chain of logic and go drift
in' into doubt, ' :
And my head in rhythm nodding
With hfs cadences goes plodding.
While I wonder what the mischief he Is
hollering about.
It really must be a most depressing men
tal strain
For a man to have an "able" reputation
to sustain;
And know he dare not dally with an anec
dote or two •
To keep us all from wishing he would
hurry and get through
And just when I am dozing.
And in comfort am proposing
To yield my own opinions to this wondrous
able chap,
His monotone he changes
And through wild crescendoa ranges
In a peries of explosions, just to jar my
little nap.
—Washington Star.
DULL BUT READY.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
AN ABLE SPEAKER,
NEW TORK. Auff. 21.— L. E. Mosher ot
Los Arseeles is at the Imperial. Hon.
Marion de Vries ia at the Waldorf-Asto
ria. He will enter upon his duties to
morrow as, one of the General Appraisers
of Customs.
CALIT0R1TCANS IN NEW YOKE.
Such being the course of things in New York and
in Boston, it is hardly worth while for Chicago to
fight. The man in his shirt sleeves may yet prove
himself the king pin in the city as in the hayfields
arid the^ shirt-waist youth be a worthy beau for the
shirt-waist girl. '
It is to be noted that the fight for the preservation
of the coat is waged mainly in Chicago. New York
appears to have -surrendered willingly to the shirt
waist— indeed, it said she has even welcomed it as a
thing altogether lovely and more to be desired during
midsummer than a coat of many colors. The Boston
Herald, in recording the progress of the reform move
ment, said recently: "Judge Garrison of the Supreme
Court of New Jersey appeared on the bench arrayed
in a pale blue negligee shirt, white duck trousers,
turned up at the bottom and supported by a belt, rus
set shoes and a flowing silk neck scarf. Frank Dam
rosch, at the suggestion of the women of the chorus,
removed his coat while conducting a rehearsal, and
it is reported that W. K. Vandcrbilt dined publicly at
the Waldorf-Astoria coatless. It has also been re
ported that the Waldorf-Astoria would never
the innovation. But, if the hot weather of last week
had continued, few persons or institutions could have*
held out against the comfortable custom. The cafes
of the Normandie, the Herald Square, the Vendomc
and the Marlborough hotels were frequented on all
the warm evenings of last week by uncoated males.,
It will be hardly surprising if the fad becomes a gen-i
eral rage in the next hot summer." '
THE MAN WITH THE SHIRT WAIST
CLEARLY the controversy between the man in
the shirt waist and the established authorities
in the East is becoming serious. Several times
have men without :oats been ejected from dining
rooms, and the conservatives have rejoiced; but now
the shirt waist male has turned. He has shown a
pluck worthy of his cause, and one of the swell
restaurants of Chicago will have to* go into court and
show why it presumes to exclude the coatless man
from its halls. The damages asked are $50,000, and
while that seems an excessive amount to ask for so
small a wrong as that of refusing to serve a wayfarer
with viands at fancy prices, it is perhaps none too
much for the dignity of the occasion.
In our opinion the United States and Europe may
wcli afford to respect the position and the opinions of
Japan, for it appears that peace, international right
eousness and the prosperity which fellow lie that way.
Japan comprehends all t!m and is anxious that
Chinese polity shall be undisturbed and Chinese terri
rory undivided. At the same timejapanese statesmen
rce the necessity of guarantees by China that shall
leave the Western nations without excuse for carrying
cut their territorial designs.
The Western rations have not duly considered the
difference between I be Chinese and other Asiatics.
The people of India, while composed of many races,
had their master motives and their genius from the
philosophic Hindoos, whose belief was that if they
did not cultivate the defensive arts and let others
alone they would be undisturbed. The Moguls
found them thm*bre nn easy prey, and themselves,
with their millions of non-resistant subjects, in turn
fell an easy prey to' Great Britain. But it is a mis
tcke to think that the Chinese are like the East In
tlians. They are not :<vcrfe to the arts of offense and
defense, and they comprehend, . as no other people,
the value of passive resistance.
The government of half a billion people, stubborn
iri an circient civilization, their moral order main
tained through the 'cachings of a philosophy of life
that has not been excelled by any developed by the
¦Western rr.ind. is a matter of the first importance. It
cannot be divided between nations that accept dif
ferent and more modern standards, which, perhaps,
have nothing but their juniority to boast.
Over this is the shadow of the secret ambitions of
England. Her peculiar diplomacy has warranted
suspicion*: of her frankness, and her assertion of in
dependence in the Yangtsekiang ValJey makes the
position of the United States and Japan very uncom
fortable.
Mcrh lias been said about the trusteeship 'of the
United States in certain things that interest mankind.
All parses .it I'ome may well agree that this trustee
ship is no myth, when the integrity of China is in
volved.
Japan sees in the partition of China the final de
struction of her own integrity. In the selfish design?
of Europe there is no room for such sentiment toward
Japan as she would have a right to expect, as the re
falt «f her cordial action with the allies. By the
latest reports, if they be trustworthy, it again seems
to be the fact that the United States, Great Britain
and Japr.n must ftand together, if the-great evil of a
forced change in the Chinese polity is to be averted.
It is evident that in this policy Russia had in mind
only the outwitting of the rest of Europe and evening
np her own humiliation that followed the treaty of
Berlin, by which Europe snatched from her the pres
tijre nnd advantage of heir triumph over Turkey. The
result has been the transfer of the controversy from
the Bosphorus to China, where a serious collision
may be precipitated at any moment.
JAPANESE troops have sustained a most credit
able, courageous and praiseworthy part in the
movements of the allies for the relief of the for
eigners in Peking. The Government .of the Mikado
has conducted itself with discretion and promptness,
and his naval 2nd military forces have proved more
than equal to every demand made upon them. It
may now be seen more clearly than in the atmos
phere of the event, that much of the recent and exist
ing trouble in China would have been avoided had
not Russia interfered to -prevent the realization of
Japanese policy after her victory in the Chinese wa r .
An Asiatic settlement then would have been in the
interest of peace between the Western powers. But
Russia intervened, in restraint of Japan, took advan
tage of her victory and secured for herself more ad
vantage than would have been justified had she been
the victor and not an interloper.
J&PAH filSD CHINfl-
Amtfnfr the officers and surgeons of the
United States army who arrived at the
Occidental yesterday were Lieutenant B.
C. Byroode. Dr. John D. Brook, Dr.
Ed T. Patterson. Dr. J. J. Malley, Dr. W.
D. Preston and Major J. B. Ayleshlre.
They are bound for the scene of mortal
strife In China.
Jesse D. Carr. the well-known capitalist
and politician of Salinas, was released
from the hospital yesterday after having
undergone a successful operation for the
removal of a cataract.
H. Aubrey Forteseue and H. F. Ander
son, prominent members of the English
colony at Ben Lomond, are registered at
the California.
F. H. Tost, the new Stanford football
coach, arrived yesterday evening and Im
mediately departed for Stanford Univer
sity.
C. G. H. McBride of the Miller & Lux
Company is at the Palace. He ia accom
panied by his wife.
J. J. Stevens, a big landholder of Wood
land, accompanied by his wife, is at the
Grand.
George E. Goodwin and wife ot Napa
are at the Palace.
James McCudden. a naval contractor of
Vallejo, is at the Grand.
Dr. G. D. Marvin of .he Agnews asy
lum is a guest at the Grand.
John Flannagan, a wealthy millman of
Mendocino, is at the Grand.
J. H. Gardner, a wealthy rancher of Rio
Vista, is a guest at the Grand-
Judge Jarnette T. Richards of Santa
Barbara is a guest at the Palace.
Marion Biggs Jr.. a wealthy rancher of
Oroville, Js stopping at the Grand.
John N. Woods, a prominent attorney of
Stockton, is a guest at the Grand.
M. H. Walker, a banker of Salt Lake
City, Is registered at the Occidental.
W. B. Clichton. a well-known attorney
of Fresno, is registered at the Grand.
N. J. Nixon, a well-known citizen of
San Diego, is registered at the Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
UNIQUE summer house is being
II built for Millionaire J. B. Haggin
K\ upon his Elmendorf stock farm, in
Fayette County, Central Kentucky.
It will beconstructed of steel, stone
and brick, like the most modern New York
City skyscrapers, and yet it will be a per
fect reproduction of a beautiful old South
ern colonial mansion, with broad verandas
and porticos and massive pillars extending
to the roof.
But the pillars will be of steel, painted
white, and the brick and stone walls will
be covered with white stucco, and thus
the modern fireproof construction will be
kept in harmony with the eld architectural
design.
This up-to-date Southern mansion will
cost, ft is said, more than $100,000. It will
he two stories high in addition to the
basement, and the walls will be twenty
two inches thick. The interior will be fin-
ished in hardwood of the finest qualities.
The contracts were let last week, but it
will be many months before the beautiful
home Js completed.
Mr. Haggln la reported to have pur
chased Melro3e farm this week, and if
this is true he now owns. In one tract
about S00O acres of the finest blue grras*
land in Kentucky, much of it in woodland
and beautiful rolling pastures. He Is tha
largest land owner in Fayette County.
?
IT IS BEING BUILT OF STEEL, STONE AND BRICK. LIKE A MODERN CITT SKY SCRAPER, AND COV- 4,
:red with stucco to harmonize with the old colonial design, it will, cost over noo.ooo.
Such a feat ranks with the best that has ever been
performed in the gathering of war news. It is an
other demonstration that legitimate journalism has its
sensations more impressive than anything the yellow
journals develop in the way of fakes. The old adage
that truth is stranger than fiction is illustrated in this
swift gathering of news in the heart of- beleaguered
Peking, amid the very confusions of battle, and trans
mitting it promptly to the people of America and
Europe so anxiously waiting it. The fictions of the
fakers can give alleged "interviews with the Empress
of China" and all that sort of thing, but it takes enter
prise, money and energy to send courageous and re
liable correspondents to the scene of action and ob
tain the facts of the situation.
; By obtaining this important news so promptly un
der circumstances of such difficulty, The Call and the
Herald have achieved one of the most signal of the
recent triumphs of journalism. It was not until the
afternoon of August 14 that the Americans and the
British succeeded in forcing their way into the city by
a gate near the legations, and the Japanese did not
enter until midnight. Yet in the short space of time
that has followed, the correspondent of The Call and
the Herald saw both the United States and the British
Ministers, had interviews with them, gathered accu
rate information of the whole situation and forwarded
the news at once to Shanghai, whence it was dis
patched by special cable to New York and to San
Francisco.
In New York and the East the Herald had this
news exclusive, but owing to the difference in time
between the hour of newspaper publication in this
city and that in New York, two of our contemporaries
were able to have the Herald's story telegraphed to
San Francisco early enough for them to publish it at
the same time with The Call. Both of them profited
by that opportunity, but they dealt with it in dif
ferent ways, each after its' kind. The Chronicle
honestly gave credit for the news, but the Examiner,
true to its habitual practice of enriching its fakes by
stolen news as often as possible, republished the dis
patch without giving credit or making any acknowl
edgment of the source from which it was received.
ONCE more The Call and the Herald have
demonstrated the superiority of their service in
the world-wide domain of news-gathering.
Throughout America and Europe there has been the
keenest eagerness for direct news from the besieged
legations in Peking, arid that news was furnished yes
terday by special cable to The Call and the Herald.
It included, along with an account of the situation
generally, an interview with United States Minister
Conger and another with the British Minister, Sir
Claude Macdonald, thus giving to the public infor
mation direct from the highest sources. This was the
first news from Peking and the first interviews with
the Ministers;
FIRST NEWS FROM PEKING-
WEDNESDAY.. AUGUST 22, 190c
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor }
Wd-ess A:i Communicators to VY. S. LEAKE. Manager.
ha* ; aguh's office T Xl5£!i2^lJ^5^L52i
I*l"Iil.ICA.TION OFFICE. ,1!a>U«l ntid XlilrO. S. ff".
Tclrpboae l'rc«» SOI.
EDITORIAL ROOMS.... 21 7 to 221 Stcrenaoa St.
Tfli'jilioni 1 I'jc«» £02.
Delivered »»•»• rnrrlfr*. IS Con(< Per Week.
Single Copfea. 5 Centn.
Term* !»v Mall. Including I'onfacct
rv*IT,T CAL.L, MrcJud'.ne Sunday), enc year.. ........... ...$*.00
I>AIL,T CALL, (including Sunday). C months................ 1.0$
DAILY CALL ilr.cludinj Sunday). X months. 1.50
PATLY CALL— 1J% Elndj Month 65<5
R'NDAT CALL One Year , LM
WEEKLY CALL. One Tear LOO
«J» 1 a p o k t tii <i i t fl 0 re H n t JiorJtctl to recelT©
¦nbicr ti*t Inn*.
Eaaiple ccplM will be fertvai6ed when militated.
Jfafl rutvserlb^r* In crawlns rhar)??i» cf adrtresF ehou!d b»
pa-t:cu:«r to plv» both NEW AND OLD ADDH22S Jn order
to insure a prcinpt und correct compliance with their reqaeit.
OAKIX\D OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C GEORGE KROGNESS,
Menace: Fore :^n Advertising, Marquetts Building, Chicago.
tLc'it instance Telephone "Central 2<Q9."> ~*
NEW . IOBX CORRESPONDENT:
C C. ORLTCN Henid Square
XETW TOItK KLPRESENTATIVE 1
STEPHEN 6. SMITH 3D Tribune Building:
CHICAGO NEVTB BTAXDS:
Ehermtn Houm: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
rmncnt Ucuse, Auditorium Hotel.
NTTW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Aetoria Hotel; A. Brentano. II Union Sauar*^
•Serray bill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
MORTON L. CRANE, Correspondent.;
•flATSCH OFFICES— in Mcr.teomery, corner cf Clay, op«n
until S:CJ o'clock. £00 Hayes, open ur.til S:CO o'clock. C3I
McAllister, op?n until 9:33 o'clock. C!3 Larkin, op-en until
»:20 o'clock. ;mi Mission, open until :0 o'clock. 22?i Market,
corner Btrteenth. open until > o'clock. UK Valencia, opea'
crui 3 o'c'ock. •<:* Etecestfc, open ur.til 3 o'clock. O <«•-'
»«r T»eaiy-»eccnu aad Kentucky, ojen until « o'clock.
NEW KENTUCKY HOME
FOR J. B. HAGGIN
It is figures like these that have given Bryan a
notion to shift the campaign from his much-lauded
Taking the figures as returned to the board the
total value of assessable property in the State this
year is $1,218,228,588. Last year the amount was
$1,194,000,000. The increase is notable in the more
populous counties, but is shared generally by almost
all sections of the State, except in some of the mining
districts.
In California the advance of prosperity ever since
the overthrow of free trade and free silver has been
continuous and steadfast. The wealth of the State
has augmented from year to year at an encouraging
ratio. Evidence to that effect can be perceived on
every side. Its latest manifestation is in the returns
of the County Auditors to the State Board of Equali
zation. In nearly every county in the State these
returns show an increase in the assessed valuation of
property, and it is quite possible the Equalizers may
add to the increase in some of them, so that the total
will be even higher than appears upon the returns:
PROSPERITY m CALIFORNIA.
WHEREVER the Bryanites go this year to raise
their howls of calamity they will find it neces
. sary to make their talk vague as well as dismal.
It will be impossible for them to specify any industry
that is not more' flourishing than it was in the days
of Democratic supremacy, or any State where there is
not now a more abundant prosperity than there- was
four years ago when Bryan made his first appearance
as a candidate for the Presidency.
About the same date in August as the publication
of Valentine's letter, the Examiner said: "With
Manila in our hands by right of conquest, it becomes
more than ever impossible to withdraw the Amer
ican forces from the Philippines^ The American
flag must be nailed to the Philippines." So on, day
after day, and column after column, the Examiner
raved and roared for imperialism in the Philippines,
for government there irresponsible to the constitu
tion, and even published and indorsed General
Barnes' wild imperialist speech to the Republican
State Convention, saying that "he spoke for the
broadest and most progressive of the thinking men of
the country"; and now, that President Valentine ut
ters the opinion of "thoughtful men of affairs."
Surely politics never before put such folks in the
same bed as Valentine, Morgan and Hearst. The
public is interested enly in guessing which of the
strange bedfellows is laughing up the sleeve of his
night shirt.
In the same month in 1898 the Examiner called all
men who took the position that President Valentine
takes now, "little Americans, copperheads, Tories
and traitors," and accused President McKinley of
intending #0 let the Philippines go, abusing him there
for as roundly as President Valentine does now for
not letting them go.
President Valentine carries Wells-Fargo over to
the support of Bryan in company with Senator Mor
gan of Alabama, and quotes Scripture in transit, and is
indorsed by the Examiner. But that paper, indorsed
Morgan in 1898 in saying: "Brave Californians have
died in battle in Manila. Above the graves of those
heroes the American flag floats, and I believe the
American people will never consent to haul it down.
That flag will remain. The hand of God Almighty
planted it there."
This he prints in the Examiner with approval
of Mr. Hearst. Now, as we have shown by quota
tions from the Examiner, Mr. Hearst and that paper
were the first advocates of imperialism as now de
scribed by Mr. Bryan. The Examiner, as early as
June 27. 189S, was shouting in big type, "Nail the flag
to the Philippines."
It said in rejoinder to ex-President Cleveland, call
ing him a "pompous, stuffed prophet," "It is per
haps worth while to point out that 'the simple ma
chinery of our popular domestic Government,' of
which Mr. Cleveland speaks, will neither be changed
at home nor employed abroad, should it become nec
essary to administer outside dependencies. It is in
the power and right of Congress to devise any sort of
F\-stem that may apply to the conditions of such de
pendencies, and this power is in no wise limited by
the national constitution, nor does its application in
volve any modification of our domestic system. All
these things are familiar knowledge, but they do not
appear to make any part of the intellectual equipment
of the superior person who puts his faith in adjec
tives and expects the people to take him for granted."
With what tiie Examiner calis "clarity of reason
ing," the position of Wells-Fargo is summed
up by President Valentine in these words: "To
sum up my opinions from the beginning to the pres
ent of this whole miserable business, which I abhor;
I think the Philippine Islands belong to the Philip
pine people. I think that people have a right to
such government as they think good for themselves,
and we have no right to give them such government
as we think good for them."
The Examiner greets the support of Wells-Fargo
with glee, and is sumptuous in its ascriptions to
President Valentine. It introduces him as a
supporter of McKinley in 1896, now changed on the
Philippine issue to N be a supporter of Colonel Bryan.
We have reasons for doubting that President Valen
tine voted for McKinley four years ago, but, be that
as it may, his reasons for seeking the Examiner's
company and using its command of publicity for the
enlargement of those reasons, with which that de
lighted paper expresses the greatest sympathy, are
things that are justly subject to criticism. -
Colonel Bryan has published, in many counts, his
indictment of the Republican party, and one of the
strongest of these is the charge that the war taxes
were purposely arranged in the interest of ,the c,or
poraiions, so as to fall off them upon the people.
Now the Pullman Company stamps its taxable paper
without adding to the price of its service to the public
or abating the wages of its employes. The railroad
companies stamp their bills of lading without trying
to pa?s the tax to their customers. The only corpora
tion in the United States that" from the beginning
exacted the war stamp from the people was
Wells- Fargo. When it was exposed in this,
President. Valentine defended the shirking of its war
tax in the same able manner in which he announces
the support of Bryan by his shirking company.
Among the amazing things in the political maze of
the year, this is perhaps the most extraordinary! The
only great corporation that furnished the basis of
Colonel Bryan's charge against the Republican party
goes over to Mr. Bryan's support!
l "~T~^HE Examiner has solicited and secured a state-
I ment of the position taken by that great cor
'"¦*.'¦ poration, the YVells-Fargo Express Company,
in the current campaign. The information is fur
nished, as. is proper, by the corporation's president,
Mr. John J. Valentine, and lines the company up
with Bryan. We do not deal unkindly with Mr.
Valentine. He is the president of one of the great
est corporations of the country and controls its policy.
We do not deal with him at all in his individual
capacity, byt in his corporate relation.
WELLS-FflRGO FOR BRY0N:
Prosperity has come. It is measured in the stand
ard of gold and is founded upon the rock of protected
industry. All the prospects of the future are bright
and there is no menace except that *of Bryanism to
disturb the mind of even the most timid.
crusade for free silver to a new issue. With all his
crankiness on the mSney question he has sense
enough to perceive that to repeat his predictions of
1896 in the face of the facts of 1900 would make him
the laughing stock'of the people from one end of the
country to the other.
THE SAX FEANCISCO CALL, .WEDNESDAY, AUGUST .22, 190P»
SUCCESSFUL TRIAL TRIP OF
NEW SUBMARINE WONDER
THE HORROR, THE I/ATEST SUBMARINE WAB VESSEL.
STAMFORD, Conn., Aug. 21.— Inventor J. C. Carter's mysterious sub
marine torpedo boat built on Ware Island, has made a successful trip
after scoring one failure, in which she capsized for lack of proper
ballast. The "Horror"— the nickname given to her by Connecticut peo
ple—now rides the waves as buoyantly as a cork.
Out of the water the "Horror" looks like a projectile of some sort. The
queer features about her are the lateral flns intended to raise or depress her
and the odd superstructure, which looks as if it does not belong there.
Every precaution has been taken by the inventor to prevent outsiders tak
ing a photograph of the mysterious submarine craft. He claims that the
vessel will revolutionize submarine torpedo work. Later he will tell how.'
6
Chicago and Eeturn $72 50. I
Tickets on sale August Zl and 23. good tor
return within sixty days. Only «9»4 hour* V>
Chicago on the "Overland Limited," »1* the
Union Pacific Railway. 1 Montgomery it. Baa
Francisco.
"Christian militant" might be applied
to Colonel Aaron S. Doggett, In command
of the Fourteenth Infantry in China, I He
has the reputation of being the most pious
man in the United States army. He Is 63
years old. and does not smoke, drink,
swear or gamble.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Matn 1042. •
Mrs Nellie Murphy and her husband,
Daniel F. Murphy, filed suit yesterday
against the Market Street Railway Com-
pany to "recover $27,000 damages for per-
sonal injuries sustained by Mrs. Murphy
In a collision between a wagon and a car
at Fourth and Folsom streets on Febru-
ary "8 last. Mrs. Murphy alleges that she
was caught between the wagon and the
car and sustained a fracture of the right
ankle.
Hallway Company Sued.
Grar.d Opera House — "S&pbo."
California— Lee, the Hypnotist.
Ti \t)Ii— "Ta nr.hauser. "
A loazar — ' "Sai.ho. "
Columbia — "The Only Way."
Orrheum— Vaudeville.
Olyrr.pia. corner Mason and Ed<!y streets— Specialties. '
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
ever.ine-
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Fuiro Baths— Open rlsht".
FtPte Fair. Saeramer.to— September 3 to 15.
AMUSEMENTS.
AUCTION SALES.
By E. TTatklrs— Tuesday, August 27, at 11 o'clock. Horses
erA Mpres, at JC1 Market Ftrret.NEW YORK. Aug. 21.— Tho World to
morrow will say that Bob Fltzslmmons
has been offered $100,000 by a Canadian of
high financial standing to lose his fight
with Sharkey. nnd that Fltzslmmons
treated the suggestion with contempt. The
proposition is said to have come in n let
ter from Montreal, which was signed * - R.
S " and which Fitzsimmons declares he
knows to be genuine. The writer assures
the ex-champion he is worth $180,000 in
cold cash and gave bank references. He
explained how much the sum named
would mean to Fitzsimmons. and endeav
ored to show how no chances were to be
taken bv accepting it. The Canadian said
he was "eager to arrange matters in order
that he might begin making bets at odds
of 100 to SO. In- speaking of the offer Fitz
simmons said:
"I am money proof. To show I speak
the truth, just before my fight with Cor
betV.u Carson City I was offered $73,000 to
lay down, and I preferred the sweets of
victory to defeat and ill-gotten gains. Two
bankers tried to buy me there, and they
had the money ready to pay over so soon
as I consented. I refused to talk with
them at all. just as I refuse to meet the
man who offers me $100,000 to bunko the
public this time."
Flans of the McKeowns.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 21.— "Mrs. Scott
McKeown has no intention of going on the
stage nor will Scott McKeown leave Los
Angeles to go into business as the propri
etor of. a stationery store." This is the
statement of an intimate friind of ' the
young couple, who says they will leave
.for the East in a tin ''-•" but merely
on a trip to frien^J, ,
ALLEGED ATTEMPT TO
BRIBE FITZSIMMONS
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 21.— Nine persona were
prostrated by the heat to-day. Four of
them— one woman and three men — died
and five were taken to the City Hospital
for treatment.
To-flaj' was the hottest Aupust 21 of
which there is any record in St. Louis.
The thermometer registered 99 degrees at
¦1 p. m. The indications are for continued
fair weather and high temperature.
INDIANAPOLIS. Aug. 21.— The ther
mometer reached 93 here to-day and the
first death from the heat resulted.
SAVANNAH. Ga.. Aup. 21.— The high
est temperature known in years has pre
vailed alons the South Atlantic coast
during the last few days. At this place
the thermometer reached 102 degrees, at
Brunswick, Ga., 101 and at other coast
cities the high temperature records have
been broken. ¦ /
CHARLESTON. S. C. Aug. 21.— There
were six prostrations from heat here to
day. Two negroes died within an hour
after their prostration. The highest tem
perature was PO degrees.
DES MOINES, Iowa. August 21.— Two
men went insane to-day on account of the
PANA. 111.. Aug. 21.— This has been the
hottest day of the year, the thermometer
standing 104 in the shade at 1 o'clock.
Bffsincss and farming were practically
suspended. Many prostrations and two
deaths from heat are' reported.
TOPEKA. Kan?.. Aug. 21.— The intense
heat that has pervailed here for a period
of ten days was broken this afternoon by
a heavy shower. In two hours, from .1
p m to 5 p. m.. the temperature dropped
from 100 to 6<5. Dispatches received to
night Indicate that the rain is quite gen
eral throughout the State. Pittsburg. El
lis. Salina and points on the Rock Inland
in Northern Kansas report heavy show
ers. Late planted corn will be materially
benefited.
MANY DEATHS DUE TO
THE EXCESSIVE HEAT
The Sumner at Manila.
WASHINGTON, Aug., 21.— General Mac .
Arthur has informed the War Department
of the arrival of the transport Sumner at
Manila to-day. The Sumner carried a
portion of the Fifteenth Infantry," destin
ed for Chinese -service. -as far as Naga
saki.', there tra nP3hippcd | the troops to . tho
Indiana and then proceeded on her way
to the Philippines.
¦William Jerome.
SANTA ANA. Aug. SI.— William Jerome
of Tustin- dropped dead yesterday from
heart failure. The deceased was formerly
a resident of Loo Anpeles County and was
prominent In political affairs.
CHICAGO; Aug. 21.— Western passenger
official? resumed their conference to-day
on the pnbiect of military rates, find. r.ftor
considerable wrangling, passed a resolu
tion recommending that the normal tar
iffs which are shattered Into an unrecog.
niznble condition, be re-established. The
recommendation will be acted upon by the
ofiicials at the meeting in Glenwoo'1
Sprlnss. Colo.. August "0.
Under existing conditions the Western
lines are carrying soldiers to San Fran
cisco below the actual cost of transporta
tion.
passenger agents will
Re-establish old rates
DUBUQUE. la.. Aug. 21.— The Great
.Western circuit opened to-day with an at
tendance of 1500. The weather was perfect
and the track fast. Factories and busi
ness houses generally closed in honor of
the occasion.
For the 2:24 trot. Contralto was favorite
at 3 to 5. The^third heat was f>, dead heat
between Contralto and Mabel Onward, the
time , beings 2:12l£. In the fourth heat
Contralto lowered her record 2>,fc seconds,
going the mile in 2:10tj. the fastest heat
trotted by a green trotter this year. In
the 2:15 race only one heat was paced.
Lady Pipes in this event lowered her rec
ord from 2:l<Hi to 2:07 1 ,£. Summary:
2:30 pace, purse $2000 — Tod WlIHam3 won
third, fifth and sixth heata. Ntble Lee won
aecond and fourth heats. Shelah won the first
heat. Best time. 2:12U.
2:24 trot, purse $1000— Contralto won first,
fourth- and fifth heats. Mabel Onward won
second heat. Best time, 2:10}».
2:15 pace— I-ady Pipes won first ; heat in
2:07^. Major Mascovite second, Ka.«sel third.
Tombstone fourth.
GAEESBURG, 111., Ausr. 21.— The open
ing races at Galesburg Driving Park to
day were' well attendedt Good weather
and a fast field made the races fast and
exciting. Summary:
2:30 pace, purse $300 — Tidal 'Wave Ti-on three
Ptraisht heats In !:10»i. 2:I1«, 2:10%, Pat
Wilkeg.. Attorn, Decorator,' Major P and Orson
also started.
2:13 trot, purse $500 — Alevenia Aiken won
three straiKht heats tn 2:13%. 2:12%. 2:13. Hop
ptrprass and Liege also started.
2:2j pace, purse $300— Fred Wilton won the
first third and fourth heats. Time. 2:12H.
2:09U. 2:10U. Jean Intrelow won the second
heat in 2:17 Vi. Kitty Hester, Lawrence C and
Captain S also started. . „
BOSTON', Aug. 21.-The Grand Circuit
meet at the Readville track had even bet
ter racing weather to-day than yesterday.
Three of the four events went in straight
wins to the favorites. The fine condition
of the track was shown by the remarkable
time of 2:07% In the 2:25 pace, although the
favorite and winner, Bonnie Direct, owned
by C. L. Griffith of San Francisco, has a
mark half a second better than that fig
ure.
The big stake event was the Neponnet of
$5000. tho fifth renewal. Connor from
Rochester was an easy winner, at the
same time bettering hla record of 2:06Vi.
The best heat, the second for the Nepon
set, was paced In the fastest time made
hero for three years, when the figure was
2:04ft. ' •
The other events, the 2:10 trot and the
2:20 trot, were each a good race, especially
the last, when nineteen horses had to be
sent away.
In the 2:25 pace Bonnie Direct's driver
In each of the three heats allowed some
other horse to take the lead. Annie Thorn
ton having- the honors the first time, then
Sally Hook and again Paul Revere. Bon
nie Direct lay behind in the third or
fourth place until the three-fourths and
then McIIenry let his horse out a little
and by 'the time, the utretch was reached
there was no question about the winner
and the fight was for place. Twice the
horses came under the wire almost on
equal terms. In the stake race Connor
had the strength each timfe to lead the
way down the stretch, Driver McDonald
twice pulling him in to keep down the
figure. Summary: ,
N«-ponsot stakes, value $5000. 2:10 pace — Con
nor won three straight heats In 2:07*i. 2:O0H,
2:07'i. Island Wllkes Jr.. Harry O. Clinton B.
Ambulator. Will- Leyburn. Red Seal, Lottie
Smart and Rlley B also started.
2:23 class, paolnp. purse $3<VX) — Bonnie Di
rect won threo straight brats In 2:07?i. 2:W<;.
2:10 l i. Sally Hook, Kvolute, Annie Thornton.
Paul Revere. Dark Wllkes, Tommy W., Argo
Director. Lady Allrlght,-* H. H. Flynn and
Beauty S-pot also started.
2:10 class. trottlnR. purse $1.VK) — Darn Devil
won two stralRht heats In 2:O9'4, 2:09i;. Char
ley Herr. Captain Jack. Pilatus, Green Brino,
Copelanrt and Valparaiso also started.
2:20 clasv. trottlnsr. purse $1000— Corinne won
the second, third an«l fourth heats In 2:13%.
2:14VJ, 2:14%. Miss Duke won the first heat In
2:14%. Baron Bell. Allrlght. , Tlmberland,
Marion. Ll$sabee, Parallax. Coral. Alberta,
Gaze Away. Annie Trevllian. • Brandywlne.
Minnie I... ..Vi'llkes. TlRer Tom. Major Greer.
Miss Pratt. Kaval A. and Hulah B also
started.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 21.— William Mc-
Millen of Nevada has been appointed in
spector of surveyors general and local
land offices. Mr. McMillen was the Repub
lican candidate for Governor of Nevada
in the last election. His appointment
to the office, of which there are only three
In the Ignited States, fills a vacancy that
has existed for two years. He was rec
ommended by both Senators from Nevada
and other leading men of that State. He
will draw $2000 a year and subsistence.
BONNIE DIRECT WINS.
NEVADAN IS GIVEN
GOOD FEDERAL POSITION
Suits for divorce were also filed by Etta
A. Cornell against Jarob Cornell for de.
sertlon. Caspar E. Hinkle against Johan
na Hinkle for cruelty, Esther S. Archer
against William H. Archer for failure t->
provide. Walter W. Cann against Ruth
E. Cann for desertion, Laura M. Park
against William W. Park for desertion.
Kate Iversen against Charles M. Ivers^n
for infidelity, Jessie B. Heath against F.
B. Heath for failure to provide and Mar
garet M. Tahoiis against Dennis S. Ta
boas for cruelty.
Barbara Hoffman was pranted a divorce
yesterday frr.m Albert Hoffman onl the
grounds of extreme cruelty and habitual
intemperance.
After enduring many hardships In the
Klondike aiding her husband, Edward S.
Holden. in his efforts to accumulate a for
tune. Mrs. Flora M. Holden has returned
to this city and instituted proceedings for
divorce. One hundred thousand dollars in
money and gold dust Mrs. Holdtn says
is the accumulation of their joint labors
In the land of the midnight sun, and as
she demands one-half of this sum in ad
dition to $500 a month alimony, an inter
esting contest will doubtless result. At
Mrs. Holden's request injunctions were
Issued restraining tbe Bank of California
and the Hibernia Savings and Loan So
ciety, where the money and gold dust are
deposited, from -paying out the same dur
ing the pendency of the litigation.
Mrs. Holden alleges cruelty as cause of
action. She avers that In February, 1893.
at Daw3on City, her husband blackened
her eyes; later he struck her on the nose,
pulled her hair and threw his dinner
bucket at her. Mrs. Holden also accuses
her husband with undue Intimacy with
one Rose Blumkin.
CAME FROM KLONDIKE
TO SUE FOR DIVORCE
QUIET ceremony to-night at 1508
// \\ Telegraph avenue. Oakland, will
/l make Joseph ~H. Mathews and
Mrs. L. YV. de Verner one. The
groom is the popular and efficient super
vising engineer of the transport service,
while the bride is the sister-in-law of A.
P. Holland of the Stocker & Holland Ab
stract Company of Oakland. She is a
most estimable lady and has a host of
friends in Oakland society, while her hus
band-elect numbers his friends and well
wishers in San Francisco by the thousand.
Captain Ma thews (he ranks as a captain
In the transport service) is a general fa
voritp on the transport wharf, so all hands
joined together and as a result a hand
eomc silver service was sent to 1G0S Tele
graph avenue. Oakland, as the wedding
present from the "boys on the wharf."
Joseph II. Mathews is one of the best
known marine engineers on the Pacific
RAPHAEL.
manifested. The "Madonna of the Canl
prianl family." In the Munich, gallery,
shows a decided advance in his art and
is a souvenir of his early Roman period.
The figures, including, besides the Virgin
herself, the Infant Jesus, St. Elizabeth,
St. John and St. Joseph, are jiearly life
size and well grouped in the somewhat
formal, pyramidal style which was a fa
vorite with Raphael and seems more ap
propriate to sculpture than to- painting.
VI.
The principal art galleries of Germany
are those of Berlin. Munich and Dresden.
The Berlin Museum is the. finest building
of its order in the German capital, oon
tains about 1200 pictures, and, although
possessing few masterpieces, affords one
of the best opportunities in Europe for
studying the history of art. It should be
visited first of the German galleries, for
after Dresden and Munich it might prove
disappointing. The Dresden Gallery con
tains approximately 23)0 paintings, and.
although less rich "in Gsrman. Flemish
and Dutch masters than Munich, and in
ferior to Berlin in works of the early
Italians, its collection of masterpieces of
the golden age of Italian painting is hard
ly equaled in Kurope. The galleries are
admirably arranged and well lighted, the
only drawback to study being the fact
that many of the best pictures are cov
ered with glass— an arrangement necessi
tated, it Is said, by the smoky atmos
phere of Dresden. The Old Plnakothek
of Munich contains a collection of about
1400 paintings, which are excellently ar
ranged. The building, a rather plain
structure, in the renaissance style, some
what suggests the Vatican, and is situ
ated directly opposite the large parade
ground. It is a tine" place to study cer
tain masters, especially Rubens and the
early Germans. From the works of these
three great museums it will perhaps be
well to choose such specimens of the great
Fainters of old as best illustrate their in
dividual characteristics, and typify the
leading tendencies of the schools to which
they belonged. -, . '
Raphael Is strongly represented In the
German galleries. The most impressive
manifestation of his genius appears in
Rome, but as a painter of the Mrgln ne
Is seen to excellent advantage In Ger
many. The growth of his style is well
illustrated by four examples. The Ma
donna of Terranuova," In Berlin, shows
his early style, at the age of about -I.
It Is an extraordinary performance for a
painter of that age, although It has not
the distinctive style that marks his more
mature productions. The children s fig
ures suggest the style of Perugino. Ra
phael's master, and the Virgin's figure
suggests the style of Leonardo da vinci;
the originality of the artist was yet to be
Note— This study hv William llr.vrn
Powres of Poston will be continued on
Wednesday next.
The "Slstine Madonna" is the moat Im
portant of the paintings on canvas that
came wholly from Raphael's own hand;
for It Is to bo remembered that th.i
"Transfiguration." its or>ly rival, was un
finished at the time of his death and was
completed by his pupils. Th» "Sistine
Madonna" is by no means beyond criti
cism. Its design being formal and conven
tional, the expression of the child some
what meaninsrless and the fisrurp of St.
Barbara belnsr superior to that of t>"e Vir
gin in dignity and charm. Considered in
a class by themselves. Raphael's Madon
nas do not show the ma.jpstv seen In Ti
tian's, or the vein of human tenderness
thnt marks Murillo's hest works. As a
ralnter he was limited in his power: h»
shows no deep passion, but he has a very
fine and clear intellectual force, a purity
of thouscht and a loveliness of <1e««iKn
¦which frrow preatly upon the student on
acquaintance and give him his exalted
place 1n the history of Italian art not a *
a faultless artist, indeed, hut ns one whose
merits are Rufncipnt vastly to nutwfieh
all his short conilngs. Tie- cannot bp esti
mated lastly without a proper understand
ing of his worth as a link in the long chain
of the history of art. a full comprcnens'nn
of thp limitations of hi* time and locality
an ad?quate appreciation of his Influence
upon those who followed him. Such iep
utatlons as his do not rest upon nothing
nor are they to he overthrown by the con
tempt of sophomorie critics.
LEONARDO r>A VINCI.
and is of a little earlier date than th»
"Slstlne Madonna." the "Madonna of the
Chair" and th«» "Transflsruration." This,
too, shows a decided progress In Raphael's
art. a freer action, a broader style of
workmanship and ¦ better appreciation
of the softeniner effects upon lines and
ma.<*.«f>s of atmosphere and light and
shade. But the finest Raphael in Ger
many Is, of course, the thrice famous
"Slstlne Madonna." in the Dresden jral-
Jery. one of the most celebrated pictures
in the whole world. Concerning such a
well-known picture it is needless to say
much and impossible to say anything
npw. The terms of eulnpy have been al
most exhausted in sinking th« praises of
this work, and there is to-day a tendency
among artists and others to react a little
from this excessive enthusiasm. Tndeed.
the modern painter, especially If h«» bo
quite youngr and nourished In "the stimu
lating atmosphere of Paris, looks down
upon Raphael as altogether too tame for
his taste.
It Is natural, however, that Raphael, with
his careful study of classical models,
should adopt this manner of arrangement.
The beautiful "Madonna of the Tent."
once the property of Spain, stolen thencfl
by the French in their Peninsular cam
paigns and sold to the King of Bavaria
in 1813 for the then immense sum of $3.
0«j0, was painted by Raphael at the time
j he began the decorations for the Vatican.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
FAMOUS /\RT GALLERIES OF" THE
THE GALLERIES OF GERMANY.
THEY WILL QUIETLY
WED AND SLIP AWAY
Joseph H. Mathews and Mrs. LW.de
Verner Are to Be Married To-Night
at Oakland.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 22, 1900.
MRS. L. W. DE VERNER.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
Coast. He was for years with the Pacific
Mail Company, and it was due to his
splendid record that Colonel Long chose
him for the onerous position of supervis
ing engineer of the transport service.
Since he has had charge of affairs there
has never been a breakdown and never
an accident, proving that Colonel Long
made a wise choice.
After the weddinpr the happy couple will
leave for a tour of Southern California.
JOSEPH H. MATHEWS.
(Taber Photo.)
7
NEW WESTERM iiOTEL,
K' EARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.-RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. Kuropean flan. Rooms, : D0c to fl 50 day ;
$5 to fS week; ?S to $20 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; flre grates tn every
room; elevator runs all night.
Will L llU I nU 3team and Laser.
ADVERTISEMENTS^
oaonoa aoutne ob«ioih« leflOD*
\Wea)Skm\
¦ •
• No truer words were ever said. ¦
• Anita Cream actually re- a
e moves the outer cuticle and £
g with it all dfscolorations and 2
g coaxes to the surface & fresh, •
a new skin, as soft and trans- "
2 parent as an infant's. ¦
I ANITA CREAM !
5 Is a positive CURE for tan, S
3 freckles, liver mole, moth 2
g patches, etc., and has stood •
n the test for years. •
h Further particulars, instruc- j»
2 tions and a sample sent to any ¦
• address for 2c postage. Full »
o size jar for 50c. S
g Anita \Creanv& Toilet; Co., 207 •
Bi Franklin St., Los Angeles, Cal. m
• ,- . - - ~ ¦¦--: •• - .... ¦
¦•¦•¦•¦••¦citiitioioaeitio
DR. PIERCE'S ~*^f& Jjt^"" Ouarantfed
ELECTRIC */?\^ to te ths
We have belts ns low aft* $3, tame as others
'•DR. riEBCE'S." If you 'want the BEST. °a
bolt that will cure without medicine, wont
fall io pieces In a short time, and which may
bo had Ht a moderate price, you must have
"DR. TIERCE'S."
Call or t-end a "-cent stamp for "'BOOKLET
NO. 2." Address:
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
«J2O Market Street. Pan Francisco.
Or J145 Broadway. New York City.
_____ .- ._ j
>WT!jte_ PH. WON'G TVOO. Chinese Tea
Bgisaak and Herb Sanitarium, 764-768
f Clay St.. cor. Brenham place,
p,C 3 San Francisco, Cal. All diseases
• TUT y cured exclusively by Chinese
\ 5»^ k * herbs. Advice free. Hours. 9
>e)fJ/5»\ to 11 a. m., 1 to 3 and 7 to 3
'ifft?' &XV To Whom If May Concern:
r&mul$tx* This Is to certify that I, the
undersigned have been suffering from Chronic
Kheumatiem for over three years, which Hnally
crew so severe that about 7 months ago I was
utterly unable to walk. After trying everything,
without receiving the slightest relief, I was at
last induced to consult DR. %\ONO WOO. who,
after a seven-months' treatment, has now com-
pletely cured me of Rheumatism. GEORGE
HCHEREU, 140 Landers street.
m CKICHE«TER'3 ENGLISH
P-*"/^S?S.BAFE. *l5»7*r»*«»ii«. LudleCuk Drn»(rt»t
>'<{!&«¦¦ Ior CHlOHKSTEU'S KNOLISH
/^Ski^SjwJvV in KCI> »ni Ci>!«1 metallic boxen. ««m!M
S-v __J«X"M wltbblnn ribbon. Tnke Bo other. Rrfnua
T*\ *N» eVJ J»sic«rou« Sabntltstlon* and imlta-
I' I — ftf tionm. nujor your l)rux«i»t-er ~ti>14r. Id
!r' ' Jf •t»rap« tor Partlrnliira, Te«tlm«nlals
l« U »n«t ••ReIlefforL»<ile», > '*n kffer.by rc-
_\ i P turn Malt. 1 A.OOII Teitlmoniala. SoMbj
i -ii »¦*/ »ii Dmiclitt. i'hlfh cater Chemical Co,
If nUoa this pfcp«r. Madison Snuurc i'liii.A., 1".*_
fW FAVORITE v
FQR WEAK Wtft MEM *
*— — } I
I'XybJSBr* INJECTION. |
rT^PERMflNENT dURE I
£ of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea ?
> and. Gleet, jruaranteed in from- 3 . to 6 j
c < days ; nc other treatment requited. %
5 - %-i? Sold by all druggists. | ¦¦'¦'¦ 5
The officers of election may give permission
to said persons presenting said card of ad-
mission to enter the polllns place before the
opening of tho poll* and to remain there until
the" canvass is completed and all the returns
are properly signed and spaled up.
Persems holfllnsr cards ot admUMon may b»
relieved by a duly appointed and authorized
alternate nwJio shall have .the same rights and
privileges an the first regular representative
urion presentation of the card of admission is-
«uod to the wild original representative.
nesolved That the official ballet box at each
nnllinK place muet remain In plain, unobstruct-
S? view from the opening to the close of the
noil* and be bo placed that the voter may
easi'lv eee the top of the box and his ballot de-
i«Uited Th<» representatives of all tickets muet
£. rx>rmitted to remain inside the polling place
and in such position that they can at all tlmen
«-ltres« unobstructed the reception of the bal-
lot from the voter and the depositing of the
.»me in the ballot box by the inspector or
Tudto of election, who receives the ballot.
Resolved, - That no peddling of tickets . or
soliciting of votes shall be permitted . within
100 feet of the polls, and the committee hereby
elves notice that no returns will be received or
counted as official from any polling pUfi* where
Reeolvert, That printed cards of admission
to each of the polling places shall be given to
the representatives of each set of candidates
re<tue*tlne th« i-ame. That said request must
bo In writing and signed by a majority of the
candidate* on oach set of tickets. The cards
of admission shall be signed by the chairman
and secretary of this committee and shall con-
tain the name of the party entitled to admis-
sion and the polling place, at which It If in-
tended to be used.
Therefore-, be it further resolved.
That a. primary election i« here-hy called for
and in earh of the Assembly districts within
the <-|ty and county of San Francisco which are
inclun»a and embraced within said city and
f-.untr for the purpose of electing delegates to
the conventions of tty» Republican party above
provided for. said Conventions to nominate
ranrlldatos In the manner and order aa herein
rog-ularly rr' > *c r lbe'l.
That said delegates from all the Assembly
districts elected to the I>>Ki?latIve and Judi-
cial convention shall convene and organize
Into * cemvonttin and nominate all candidates
of the Republican party for the office of Su-
nerir.r Judge and Justice of the Peace to be
£oted for by tho voters ot the city and county
as aforesaid.
The delegate* fnm each Assembly district
shall afterwards ass»mbl<» and organize Ini-i
Assembly district conventions and nominate a
randidAie for member of the Assembly in each
A r^eir reactive districts. And In any Sena-
torial district ¦within Mid city and county
L nen» p rneribor of the. state Senate is to
be voted fSr^v the voters of raid district, the
'mHna aVd nominate a candidate for State
Seistcr fcr raid district.
RfeMfred. That raid primary election for the
rtcctkm of delegates to said Judicial and Leg-
islative convention shall be conducted, man-
f.~«>rt and controlled in the earn- manner and
nT tho same timf and places, nnd bylhc»me
election ofn>er». and at the same polling places
*s 1-erein<ftor provided for.
rusr.lved That the Republican county enm-
mitteerr.en of tlie city and county of San Fran-
r'.rrn acting under and In pursuance of the
afVrAald cuthority. hereby call n. primary
*le"tk>n tn he held in the city and county of
Saii Francisco. t>* the purposes as hereinafter
specified. In accordance with tho laws Koyerr.-
Ine priir-ary election as prescribed by the Poli-
tical and Penal codes ot the State of Cali-
fornia.
Rrsohed. That the- said primary election be
held on tbe 24th day of August. 1900. The peills
: to be kept open continuously between the
hours of 7 a. m. and 6 p. m. <
Ilopolve-d. That there shall he two polling
places in each Asrembly district In th*. city
and county :>f Pan Francisco and that for each
of raid polling places the board of election Bhall
con-i«-t ---r one inspector, two Judges and two
clerks.
Resolved, That the polling places must be
on the ground floor and the ballot boxen tn *>e
*o jilaceO as to be platnly seen from the side-
walk, ami that free and uninterrupted ingrens
must l>« given In each polling place to electors
entitled to vote thereat, and also to such repre-
sentative or alternate of each set of candidates
that may be voted for at each polling place
as shaU prerent the credentials hereinafter pro-
vided for to the board of election at such poll-
in? place.
Resolved. That the 2S0 delegates representing
the eighteen Assembly districts within the city
and county eif Pan Francisco be elected -at an
cpm primary election as hereinafter provided.
The host interests of the Republican party In
*aid citv and ceiunty of San Francisco require
that every Republican x-oter therein shall have
& right to give free and unimpeded expression
nf hlB choice for delegates to represent the
party in said convention at an open primary
election to bo held for that purpose; that so
far a* practicable the same procedure and pro-
tection «hall b« given voters at such primary
ejection as at general elections, and that a fre«
hRll^t and an honest count shall be had under
all th«» formalities and penalties of the law.
Said r.->nvnt ion shall consist of 250 delegates,
who ir.UFt be elected at a- primary election as
hereinafter provided; the apportionment of del-
egates to said convention shall be one delegate
for earn l'ifl votes cast and one delegate for
each remainder of 5f» votes or over of the aver-
age vet* cast for all Republican candidates
vr.ted for tn each Assembly district at the
general flection cf 1S5S; that the appottion-
nent of delegates- to each Assembly district
!s as follows: Twenty-eighth District. 9 dele-
pates; Twenty-ninth District. 11 delegates:
Thirtieth Di?tVi<-t. 31 delegates;- Thirty-first
District. 11 delegates; Thirty-second District,
!• delegates; Thirty-third district. 13 delegates;
Thirty-fourth District. 17 delegates; Thirty-
fifth 'District. 13 delegates; Thirty-sixth Dis-
trict. IS delegates: Thirty-seventh District. 19
delegates: Thlrtv-elirhth District. IS delegates;
Thirty-ninth District. 17 delegates; Fortieth
DiFtrict. 1!> delegates: Forty-first District. 1?
rioies-ates: Forty-second District. 14 delegates;
Forty-third District. 12 rj»lesate«: Forty-fourth
ntstrict. 13 delegate?; Forty-fifth District, S
delegates.
The delogntes apportioned as at>ove and
e>cte<S to said locel convention from the re-
Fjvertlve Assembly and Senatorial districts and
various Senatorial and Assembly district con-
ventions, and they shall respectively be elected
in and from the respective Assembly districts.
Said convention shall be an organized asxem-
Hape of delegates representing said Republican
rarty the city and county of San Francisco
and 'of all the election precincts. Assembly and
Senatorial di«trins thereof.
Twenty-eighth District. T. delena'es; Ttventy-
ninth District. S delegates: Thlrtl-th District.
:> deiognios; Thirty-Ant District. '> delegates;
Thirty-s.-cond District. 3 dWefratw: Thirty-
third Dirtrict. 7 delegates: Thirty-rcurlh Dis-
trict. 3 u'lcgaif*: Thirty-fifth L'ifrtict. 6 dol-
f-Kates; Thirty-sixth District. 5 delegates; Thir-
ty-seventh District. 10 delesa^s: Thirty-eighth
District. 10 delegates: Thirty-ninth District. S
delegates: Forti.-th District. 1) delegates: For-
ty-first District. 10 delegates: Forty-second Dis-
trict. <s de-locates: Forty-'hird District. T dele-
gates; Forty-fourth District, 7 delegate?; For-
ty-fifth DUirlet. 4 delegates.
Furthermore be it reaolred by the Republi-
can County Committee of the city and county
of San Francisco, nt a meetins: bold In Bald
city and county August 11, I? 00 , 'hat a con-
vention of the ner-ubHoan party of the city
and county of San Pranciaco is hereby called
f«r tho purpose Of nrirr.inatinir all eandldaus of
tho Republican party for all members of the
Assembly anil members of t!-.e State Senate
and Superior .Tucjp,' 1 ? arni Jasticei of the Peace
und such other State officers ss are to be vot«d
for by the riuallfied electors cf the several As-
ttmhly districts and other pilitical divisions
in said city and county of San Francisco for
which such candidates are to be voted fcr at
the genoral election to bo held on Tuesday.
November K. 3 vrt . and for the transaction of
ruch other business a? rear r<>me before it.
Snld ccrvention shall be held in the city and
county of Fan Frar.cSsco on the 12th day of
September, isoo.
Resolved. That the dctsll of *uch apportion-
ment of dogates to be voted for by tho
Assembly districts at said primary election be
as follows:
CALL FOR A REPUBLICAN* PRIMARY
election in the city and county of bun
Francisco, for the election of delegates to the
Republican State convention and to the local
Judicial and legislative convention; also call
for a Republican local judicial and Legislate e
convention. 1, " , _,„
Whereas The Republican State Central Com-
mittee of the State of California, the governing
body of the Republican party of said fciaie.
in meeting assembled In the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California, on tlie
4th day of August. 1W0. adopted a call for a
Republican State convention. to convene m tne
city of Hanta Cruz, in said State on the oth
day of September, 1»», and authorized tne
county committees within the several counUf*
of the State of California to issue a call for a
primary election for the election of delegates
to said Htate convention, to nominate nine
PresidenUal electors, to be voted, for through-
out the State of California, and trans-act such
other business as may come before it. Also to
call primary elections to elect delegates to
Legislative and JtnUcial conventions to nomi-
nate membrrs of the Assembly. State Senators
.S'"*rlor Judge.*. Justices of the Peace, and
such oth»r State and County officers as ar<- to
be voted for by the qualified voters within the
Ptate. or .ounty. or other political division.
for which such nominations are made, to be
voted for at the next geTurlil election to be
heMon Tuesday. Novembor 6. lf.00: and
Whereas. Said State Central Committee did
Ifsuo a call for a State convention to consist
of 6S2 delegates, ami in sal I call did provide
that tbe apportionment of delegates should be
one delegate for each 200 votes cast of the.
avernge. and one delegate for each remainder
of 1M rote* or over of tho average vote in
each couniv. or city ar.il county, for the Re-
publican candidates tot .^tato- officers voted for
at the general election held in the State o.
California on November 6, IST'8.
I'rovldorl. That any countv caning loss than
such remainder for the said candidates should
be ontltle-l to one delegate: and
Where**, The apportionment of df-logates to
the city and county of San Francisco Is !3t)
tho apportionment in detail being
left to the County Committee of said city and
county; it i"> therefore
FOR
Primary Election,
OFFICIAL* CALL
try Polling places will be announced later.
The commit tri» shall as soon as practicable
after the holding of said primary election send
duplicate certified lists of delegates elected to
th<> State Convention from their respective As-
sembly districts to the chairman an.l secretary
of this County CommlttP«. who shall attach
his signature thereto and transmit the same to
the secretary of the State Central Committee.
THE REPUBLICAN COUNTY COMMIT-
TEE.
By ALFRED BOUVIER, Chairman.
JAMES A. WILSON'. Secretary.
The election officer* in thin call provided for
will receive their credential* and election para-
phernalia at the rooms of the committee.
All tickets to b<* voted for at said primary
election shall be filPd with the committee on or
before 12 o'clock noon Wednesday, 22d day of
August. 1SC0. and all votes cast at said pri-
mary olection for r^rsons other than persons
¦whose names appear upon one or more of euch
tickets fhall be counted as scattering.
The Assembly districts within the city «ind
county of Fan Francisco Are divided Into two
voting districts and polling places therefor.
the Sam*" honostlv counted, has boen In any
way Interfered with, the committee In charge
shall set aside and declare null and void the
election at said polling placo and report their
action to the different conventions, who shall
ta^e action In nuch matter and decide which
sot of delegates la entitled to a seat in the
convention.
Resolved, That the committee hereby Insist*
that a fre" and untrammeled ballot and an
honest count must bo enforced at paid prim-
ary election: that all attempts to deviate from
this principle should be, discountenanced, and
that those guilty of frauds or parties thereto
should bo debarred from all conventions, and
that If It shall appear at any polling place,
that there is or has horn any fraud or wrong
committed, or the right of any citizen to cast
Resolved, That the said primary election In
rach of the said Assembly districts shall be
conducted, managed and controlled by the
members of the County Committee represent-
ing and residing In the respective Assembly
districts (Including such members appointed at
larse)/ Said members of the County Commit-
tee shall by majority vote select and designate
all election officers and polling places in their
respective districts and shall have entire ru-
pervlslon and charge In their said respective
districts of the said primary election.
After the returns have been completely can-
vaseed, they shall act as a returning board
thereon, nni shall certify the result thereof
and fs»u«» credentials to the delegates receiv-
ing the highest number In each Assembly Dis-
trict, anc! their decision shall be final.
Hald committee shall meet In the evening
of the day such primary election is held, to
rccn and canvass the said returns, and con-
tinue in session until all the returns from
each aivi every polling place have been fully
canvassed.
Resolved. That within one hour after the
canvass of the vote at each polling place, and
wr>en all ihe returns have been properly slsn^d
and sealed by the flection board and clerks
of cloctlon, tho returns must be brought In
properly pealed packages by one or the elec-
tion board, rlf-sipnatod by tho board for that
purposo, to the chairman and secretary of the j
committee having tho management and control
Of Faid primary election ftt the headquarter* !
Of the Republican County Committee. No. 93t» |
Market street, Kan Francisco, which Is the '
place previously designated for that purpose, i
The chairman of maid committee shall mark !
on each package received by him the day and j
hour of Its recHpt. He shall also give a I
receipt to the party from whom ho receives !
the i^ackace. The chairman of said commit-
tee shall take nil necessary care and precau-
tion for tho Fafrkeeping of all packages de-
livered to him and krep them In his custody In-
tact and unopened until the timo designated
for oncniiiK and canvasslnc thi» returns.
this provision has been violated. This shall j
not be construed to apply to the presence ot •
challenserg.
Rptolved. That an official map of the dis-
trict showing the boundaries of its various pre-
•¦incts shall be posted In a conspicuous place
outside of the nulling places.
Uesolved. That in addition to all other
pruunds of challenge In the laws of the State
governing general elections this committee
hereby directs an"d orders that the following
additional test be clven to 'voters:
• I affirm that I am an elector of this district
or iirecinct; have not voted before at this
primary; am registered or will register, and In
Rood faith intend to support- the nominees of !
the Republican party at the coming election."
Resolved. That the committee shall procure
and provide for each polling place a ballot box
such as was used at the general election in I
this city and county In November. 1S30. ;
And also, at least two copies of the precinct |
register enibraclne the boundaries of the As- i
serr.bly district, and for each particular poll-
ing iilace one cojiy of such precinct register
must remain at all times inMde of the polling
place and retained by the. Election Board for j
tlie purposes of ascertaining whether the name j
or tlie voter appears on such precinct register
and to place a check opposite the name of the
voter after he has voted.
R«?olv<d. -That -ror said primary election only
the printed predncl register uted at the munic-
ipal flection held In the city and county of
han Frai__cO. in November. 1S3!>, shall be
used, cpd no nerson shall be permitted to vote
whose name does not appear in the precinct
register m one of the precincts within the As-
sembly district in which he offers to vote.
Resolved. That the delegates fleeted from all
the Assembly district* within the city and coun-
ty or .^an frranclsco, in and for said State
convention and Legislative and Judicial con-
ventions at said primary elections", shall be and
tr.ey are hereby empowered and authorized to
meet in said State convention and in said Ju- !
dician convention and Legislative and district !
conventions as they are elected to and trans- i
act all business provided in the call of the
Kcrubllcan State Central Committee and the
call of the Republican County Committee of
the city and county of San Francisco.
Resolved. That all ballots voted at r-aid prim-
ary election phall be four Inches in width a3
near as possible and of suitable length. They
shall »>» printed o:i white paper. Tho names
or candidates to the State convention and to
tho local judicial and Legislative convention
?hall bo printed on the same ballots. F.ach set
of celrgates shall be numbered consecutively.
Resolved. That the time and manner of the
publication of the notice of said primary elec-
tion __J1 be by publishing the entire call for
5aid primary election In a newspaper of general
circulation, published In the city and county of
tfan Francisco, for nt ltast three days prior
to nr.ii including said day on which the prim-
ary election i« to be held. I
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTB.
AMUSEMENTS.
HE IS SLEEPING!
Tlin HYPNOTIZED MAN IS NOW A?LEEP
ON A <"OT IN THE LOBRT OF THE
THEATER AND WILL BE
AWAKENED
TO-NIGHT AT lo:30 O'CLOCK BY
I 2E7 JET THE
£m*E—*E**J HYPNOTIST
Now Givir.ic Hl!« Wonderful Hypnotic Enter-
tainment Every Evening. Matinee
Saturday.
SPECIAL'.— TO-DAY-TO-MORROW.
SPECIAL MATINEES
"THE BKOWNIES IN FAI RYLATIDi"
MATCCEE TO-DAY. WEDNESDAY. AUG. T..
Parquet. C.V\ any seat: Balcony. l')c; Chil-
dren. 10c." any part.
THE V.OKL.ITS UREATEST AKTISTS IN
FLAWLESS VAUDEVILLE.
NEWSKY TROUPE,
LLW HAWKINS, CAROLINE HULL,
ARNIM and WAGNER.
FOt'R JUGGLING "JOHNSONS. MRS. BE?-
fir: BLITZ-PAXTON. MACAUTS GREAT
ANIMAL S=HO\V. PAM MORRIS AND CO..
AMERICAN BIOGRAPH.
MATINEE TO-DAY. -
ALL THIS WEEK AND NEXT WEEK.
Matir.fP? Wf^nrrrtsy an-1 Saturday.
Charles Frrhman Pre*<»nty
HENRY MILLER
AND A PPHCIAL COMPANY.
In the romantic Play,
The ONLY WAY
A2art*<J by rnwmin Will* Frnva Charles
Diciien* Novel. "A TALK OF
TWO CITIES." \
Spats for n?M vie*>k ready to-morrow. I
Th"jr?2ay Aft«rnorn nr.<\ Sunday Ni^ht. \
I.a«t •— n'ntTON HOLMES LECTl'KES.
Subject. HAWAIIAN ISLAND?."
?TIVOLI*
r*art«(i) *l\*r-r at « r- rn. Pharp. ;
rn-MdHT. Friday and Saturday Evening*.
TANNHAUSER.
Avfer.r., FalaFFS. Bcfcuster. L'.rhtrr. Stewart.
TfasredaT. Bontoy Etnlm Batortoy Matinee. {
"1IGN0N." !
folittnl. TJt^'-o. Graham. P.usso anij Nicolini. |
NVxt WfV: •¦TANNIIAT'FKR." Tue«1ay. j
Thtrrw5»r. Bnnflay Kiiebta. Patur.iay Matinee. I
-nAr.nEn of beyiu-el?* Monday. Wednes- !
dpy. Frday. Saturday nvenir.ps.
Beat* oo Sale Seven Davs Ahead.
POPULAR PRICEF-r; AND 50 CENTS.
GRAND O^aSA HOUSE
onx.t matinee saturday.
onlt this t\"hek.
6 £ —m
next week.
•'THE SILVER KING."
WILTON LACKAYE a.« The Slli-er King.
PRICES lOo. IS«. ilSe. 5O*».
A few front rows in orch^rtra 75c.
Iir*;.ch Ticket orflre— Enirorlum.
!
THE CORRECT VERSION!
keviva! b; General Bequest!
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Sopported by WHITE WHITTLESEY.
<"NLT MATINEE SATURDAY.
:;:\t wekk "frou-frou 11 j
"XHB ONLY FREE VACDEYILUE SHOW IN
THE 'ITY.
— SEVENTH EEBIES OF CONIIAPI'S |
.— s . i
X* BASCO & RICE T '
21 AND ¦*•
X XT
3XJ- OUR CELEBRATED
O- STOCK COMPANY JEL I
¦ Y !
MATINEE EVFIIY BTXDAT!
AMAIETL'R NIGHT FHIDAi: i
AD2IISSION* FEEE. :
CHUTES~AND]Z00^S7*Jsr |
CANNON. THE FAT MAN. I
LA LIPTA. MIRBOB HANCEIl.
PEAEI-Rr. HIGH DIVER.
TO-MORROW NIGHT THE AMATEURS AM) i
fVS AT POUKOPOU&
Telephone for Seat*. Park 3.
iwo Vecks of Raciiig.
&^^^^^^
BcKibits Carncd .iFr^fe
Excursion Ratcsfon/isitors.
V/r;f£ ,fcr particul ars to
P^S&SUf LDS> A.B.SfreckelSi
FISCHER'S co "?z R 7 '" OUSE -
r a* * x- a 7, Adml«s!on \Qz.
h t. . .^- / on^aHo: tfce Berlin Sisters.
\ocaltrts: the Waterman Sl»ter«. Coon Soar
FJiurera and Danr«ra: Martin and Rtdffway.
r»ntonrfml8t«; Ircn. Franklin. CornetUt.
i Rcfe<n(d ' Jt '-f^ Matinee. Sunday.
<* SUTRO D(XTHS.
OPEN NIGHTS
Bathlnx From 7 a. m to 10 p m
ADMISSION. We. rininREX. ™c.
E*tbla«. lacludine admission, 25c; children. JOc
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallai
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
r. JJ. MER2BACH. lawyer. 503 Cal.. ft--
COAL, COKB AND PI3 1ROX
J C WH £ f A WO Batter? >t~-t
J-V- m__Uil _ UJ-, Telephone Jr..-. •••.
~ ~~~ COPPERSMITH. ~~
f W SMITH gh!p PlnmbJns. Steamboat and
L- n« JJUlll, Ehip Work a upeclalty. U aad
V Washington *t. Telephone Mala 5M_
ELECTRICAL. "
D. D. WASS,
Electrical Engineer. M Eart St.
FRESH ANT> SALT MEATS.
IAS RflYFS H CO Rh 'PPln« Butch«r». 10*
JA3- DUIEJ _ tl/» q.y. Tel. Main 1»4.
0ALVAM2IN3 AND METALS,
Virr. ft Dealer In Metal* _ Gal-ranlzlri?. JOHN
FINN METAL WORK3, !„ Howard it.
HARNESS DRESSING.
"PA_O ALTO." B#«t leather preserr«r on
earth. 25e. Robinson Chem. Co.. US9 Howard.
LITHOGRAPHING.
Union Lithograph Cc. 125 Sansome «t. Artistic
Lithographers and Printers. Government Li-
censee for Imprtntln< of Revenue Stands.
METAL.'
Extra linotype and stereotype metal. Paeifls
Metal Works. 137-9 First St.. San Francisco.
OtLS.
LCBRICATINO OILS. LEONARD « EL-
LIS. 413 Front it. S. F. Phont Main 1713.
PAINTS.
Cylinder _ _onrleattn«r Oils. Schneider** Minis*
Candles. C. G. CLINCH & CO.. 9 Front. 3. F.
P8INTIM3.
F C ffnfirTFS printer.
PRINTRPS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
. --' » First st. Ban Frar.e'seo.
STATIONER AND PR1NTE?.
PARTRIDGE wt S55g >u
WflJTfi ASfl STEAM COAL,
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at Its GREEN
P.IVER COLLIERIES. Is th« Best Ccal In th«
market. Cftiea and Tards— 450 Mr.in street.
PALACE HOTEL
It la universally acknowledged that the*«
hotels possess the attributes that appeal
to particular people— undouhted luxury and
comfort, unsurpassed cuisine and service
and superior appointments and location.
Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under one management on tha
American and European plans.
GRAND HOTEL
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc, cured b7
-ESP1CS CIGARETTES, or POWDER
Firis. J. E3P1C ; N«w Tirk. E. f 0CQ52- i vJ
SOLD BT ALL DRUGGIST?, Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 8SW
Sterling Exchange, sixty days — 4 84%
Sterling Cables ............ ¦ .. ..', — ¦'¦ 4 89H
New York Exchange, sight. .— 7^
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Fine Silver, per ounce. .:...'.-..'..'...•.'-— 61H
Mexican Dollars, nominal........... — 48&
Wheat and Other Grains.
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS
Continued on Page Eleven,
WEDNESDAY. AUGUST 22
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time Tho
second time column gives tho second tide o'
the day. the third time column tho third tMo
and the last or right hand column gives tha
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as fometimes occurs. The heieh*
glvert are !n addition to the soundings on th : 'r
United States Coast Survey ¦ chart! exc*> P t
when a minus sign (— > precedes the height.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Aug. 21.— Wheat advanced In the
face of considerations undeniably bearish. Re
ceipts were heavy, Liverpool depressed, there
were rains in India and the world's visible
increased 2,877,000 bushels. September opened
unchanged at 72c to 72ftc. Trade for a time
was almost entirely local and decidedly limited
September touched 72»i#72Vie and then dropped
on a very dull market to 71Tic. At this junct
ure the traders learned the foreigners wera
buying and from then to the end of the ses
sion this proved the governing factor.- Sep
tember advanced to ~i%c. but the announce
ment of the big increase in the world's visible
caused a drop back to 72%@72' < ic. Shorts seized
upon the dip as a good time to cover and Sep
tember recovered sharply to 73e, closing stroni
Tic over yesterday at 72%@73c. s ¦¦-
Corn was quiet, but strong, not weather:|n
Kansas, higher cables, small stocks and the
wheat strength kept shorts . uneasy. Septem
ber closed %®s;e up at 39>Ac.
. Oats were steady on a limited trade. Sep
tember closed unchanged at 22c.
_In the provision pit lard alone held iteady.
The market opened higher on small hog re
ceipts, but on local selling ; : pork and : ribs
eased off, lard* boldlnc on the steady foreign
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Saa
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. \
j;OTE The high ar.d low waters occur at
the city front * Mission-street w^art) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Tort Point;
the height of tide is the ?ame at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survtir—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Av^ust 20. 1900.
The lime ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e.. at noon of the l^th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time. _.,„_„
C. G. CALKIN 3,
Lieutenant Con-.mander. U. S. N.. In charge.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, V. 9. N"., Mer
chants' Exchnnse. San Francisco, Cal.,
Time Ball.
NEW YORK. Aug. 21.— The metal, market
continues cenerally tame and weak, with
prices tending steadily downward under heavy
offerings and refusal of buyers to go on. ¦> News
from all quarters was pessimistic to-day and
Intensified the weak undercurrent. At the
elope the Metal Exchange called:
PIG1RON— Warrants very weak at JU nomi
nal.
LAKE COPPER— Quiet and unchanged at
$16 75.
TIN — Very weak at $30 90 (sellers).
LEAD— Dull at $4 25. The brokers' price for
lead Is $4 and for copper 116 75.
SPELTER— Dull at $4 10@4 15. *
Nkv York Metal Market.
PEACHES— Peeled. 14<318c: unpeeled. 6@8c.
Taken as a whole the local dried fruit mar
ket was destitute of special feature, business
being slack and prices unchanged. State evap
orated apples were quoted: Common, ' 3@5c;
prime. S^iigj'ic: choice, 5%@6c; fancy, 6%c.
California dried fruits:
PRUNES— 3&@7c per pound, as to size and
quality.
APRICOTS— Royal. ll@14c; Moorpark, 15@17c
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW TORK, Aug. 21.— FLOUR— Receipts.
27,913; exports, 20,475 barrels; quiet but steady;
the advance In wheat only served to check
buyers.
WH EAT— Receipts. 115,625 bushels: spot, firm;
No. 2 red, 77\i elevator: No. 2 red, 731ic t. o. p
b. afloat: No. 1 Northern Duluth, 82%c f. o. b.
afloat to arrive; No. 1 hard Duluth, 84*4c f. 0.
b. afloat to arrive. Options opened steady with
corn, but afterward eased off under liberal sell
ing for both accounts, attended by weakness
abroad and large Increase in world's stock*
for the week. On subsequent rumors of bljj
export trade, however, prices recovered and
closed strong at 94@%e net advance. Sales
Included No. 2 red September, 76 15-16@78c,
closed at 78c; October closed at 78Hc; Decem
ber, 79%<S7S%c. closed at 79%c.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL — Quiet.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, easy; No. 7 invoice, 8%c;
mild, quiet; Cordova, nominal. Futures closed
steady at a net rise of 5 points to a decline
of 5 points, having steadied on covering late
in the day; total sales, 39,750 bags. Including
September, $7 25@7 30; October, $7 35; Novem
ber, 17 J5®7 40; December, $7 45<g7 55.
SUGAR— Raw, steady: refined, steady.
BUTTER — Receipts. 11.305 packages; strong;
creamery, 18i^21 t .4c; current packed factory,
15*5 16c.
EGGS— Receipts, 10,728 packages; firm; West
ern regular packing, at mark, 10@14V£c; West
ern, less off, lCiiJKc.
\Nezv York Grain and Produce.]
WHEAT-Spot, dull: No. 2 red Western win
ter, 6s lHd:No. 1 Northern spring, 6s 2Ud;
No. 1 California. 6s 3d@6s 3^d. Futures, quiet •
September. 5k 10%d ;: December, 6s %d.
. CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed new, 4s;
do old. 4s Id. Futures, firm; September, 4s %d;
October. 4s Hd; November, :4s %d.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, steady, 7g
LIVERPOOL, Aug. 21.— Wheat, quiet: No. 1
standard California, Cs 3d@6s 3V4d;' wheat In
Paris, firm; flour In Paris, firm; French coun
try markets, dull; weather in England, fine.
COTTON— Uplands. 5 21-32d. . . ..
CLOSING.
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA, Aug. 21.— Wheat— %c higher, with
little doing. Bluestem, 68c: Club, 55c, both
for export. •¦"..- t.v.
V.'ASHINGTON,
PORTLAND, Aug. 21.— Wheat— Walla 'Walla,
54c; Valley, 54®55c; Bluestem, 66@57c.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
Portland's Business.
PfJRTLAND, Or.. Aug. 21.-Clearlngs, $292,
044; balances, JS6,790.
NBWTOHK, Aug. .21. —The steamship St.
Louis, calling for Europe to-morrow, will take
out 12S, COO ounces of silver, i
Shipment of Silver.
NEW TORK. Aug. 21.— The market for cot
ton futures began the day fairly steady, with
prices on near months 2@4 points higher. The
far months opened 2 points lower. After de
clining to a level 2@5 points under last night's
closing the market- again stiffened, January
climbing up to 8.57c, with other months show-
Ing corresponding firmness. Selling of long
stuff, which followed the Government's crop
announcement, carried prices back 10 points.
The market closed steady, with August 3 points
lower and other months 1@5 points higher.
New York Cotton Market.
Territory, scoured basis— Montana and
Wyoming, fine medium and fine 17@18c, scoured
EOc, staple E2@53c; Utah, fine medium and fine
16@18c, scoured 60c, staple 52@53c; Idaho, fine
medium and fine 16@17c, scoured 50c, staple o2
@53c.
Australian, scoured basis, spot prices — Comb
ing, superfine, nominal. 82@87c: good, S0€S2c.
BOSTON, Aug. 21.— There is'but small ds
mand for wool here this week, owing to manu
facturers buying only what they require for
the present. Territory wools rule the same
as last week, 60c for good lines of fine medium
and fine staple In scoured. Fleece wool con
tinues dull, with prices unchanged. Following
are quotations:
Boston Wool Market.
SHEEP— Receipts. 16,000; sheep and lambs,
slow to 10c and 15c lower. Good to choice
wethers^ $3 75®4; fair to choice mixed, $3 45®
3 65; Western sheep, {3 254T3 S5; Texas sheep,
J2 50®3 60; native lambs, $4 25@5 50; Western
lambs, 14 7SQ5 30.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 13,000; to-morrow
23,000; left over, 3300. Heavy, slow; light, ac
tive, higher; top, $5 50; mixed and butchers',
$1 95O5 40; good to choice heavy. J5@5 40; rough
heavy. $4 S5@4 95; light, f5 10@5 60; bulk of
sales, {5 OoffTf. 30.
CHICAGO, Aug. 2L— CATTLE— Receipts,
3500, including 1700 "Western and 800 Texans;
generally steady. Natives, good to prime
steers, $5 5O@6; poor to medium. $4 70^5 45;
selected feeders, steady, J4S4 75; mixed stock
ers, slow, $3 25#3 90; cows, ?2 65@4 25; heifers,
J3@4 65; canners, slow, $2 15® 2 60; bulls, $2 50
@4 50; calves. 15g25c lower, $4 40@6 50. Texans
—Fed steers. U 25@5; grass steers, $3 25@4 10;
bulls, t2 50<g3 25. ¦ - . -
Chicago Livestock Market.
Earl Fruit Company sales: Grapes— Malagas,
average $1 15 single crates; Clusters, average,
U 45. Pears— Bartletts. $1 40@l 90 boxes.
Peaches^ — Susquehanna, 65c©11 20 box; Albright
Cling, average 95c. Prunes^ — Gros, S0c@$l 10
single crate. '
CHICAGO, Aug. 1.— Porter Bros. Company
sales California fruit: Pears— Bartletta, $105
@1 80 box and 66@95c half box; Beurre Hardy,
*1 30 box: Duchess, Jl 10<3a 15; Clalrgeau. $1 10
@1 15;- Seckles, 95c. Prunes — Gros, 90c single
crates; Giant, $1 10. Peaches — Susquehanna,
60c@fl 20 box; Orange Cling, 65@75c. Plums—
Kelsey Japan, SOc single, crate; Robe de Sar
gent, SOc. Nectarines — Red, $1 15 single crate.
Grapes — Tokays, Jl 25@1 85 single crates; Mus
cats, Ilifl 25.
Porter Bros. Company soles: Pears — Bart
letts. $1@2 25 box and |1 20#l 25 half box:
Beurre Hardy. $1 40 box: Seckels, $1 1501 20
half box. Prunes — Hungarian. 45@70c single
crates; Gros, 60<g95c; Silver, Jl 10®l 35. Peaches
—Clings. Jl 60 box.
NEW YORK. Aug. 21.— Earl Fruit Company
salea California fruit: Grapes— Malagas. $1 25
@1 35 single crates. Pears— Bartletts, $2 10@2 40
boxes. Plums— Yellow Egg, $1 10@l 30 slnglo
crates; Quackenboss, $1 30@l 40. Prunes—Ger
mans, 95c(g$l 20 single crates; Gros, 90c@$l 35.
California Fruit Sales.
I NEW TORK. Aug. 21.— The stock market was
! narrow to-day, the only Incidents of note be
! ing the movements of certain industrials. The
I opening was easy on London's weakness.
j Sugar was depressed on the strength of a re
j ductlon in coffee prices, which was taken to
j indicate a pofslble resumption of the trade
j war in sugar, despite the recent maintenance
; of similar prices with consumers. The stock
; went off 1^, on the offerings of some large
; amounts. A continuance of the recent bear
; campaign against People's Gas accounted
; for its point fall. Small declines in railroad
I stocks were in sympathy with London and
1 reports of unfavorable conditions In crop dis
tricts. Business was only moderate during the
selling, and as liquidation was not forced the
shorts commenced to cover. Before the fore
noon expired prices were on the mend and
there were indications of confident buying In
spots. Rallies were most pronounced In the
stocks which had suffered earlier, and the gen
eral level was lifted above last night. Con
spicuous strength was shown by Brooklyn
Transit, Manhattan and Consolidated Gas, the
latter rising 2',» from the lowest. New Jer-"
eey Central then assumed a command
ing position In the market, rising 3>4 to
137**. which is a record price in Its recent
upward movement. An unfavorable statement
of earnings for July caused realizing and tn»
stock sold off to 136 at the close. The general
list was largely neglected and showed no in
clination to rise above the level recorded about
noon. The market closed easy In tone, with
net changes generally a 6mall fraction either
way. -^ s
Business In bonds expanded to-day anl there
mas an active demand for St. Louis South
western second preferred which advanced th-im
l .t- The market was Irregular, but variations
slight. Total sales, par value. Jl. 115.000.
United States refunding 2s, when issued, di"
cllned V* and new 4s advanced 14 In the bid
price.
NEV.- TORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closinr
Sold Stocks— Bid.
5,465 Atchison '. 27i;
4,120 Atchison prefd 70^4
1,250 Baltimore & Ohio 71«i
Ca-nadian Pacific S9S» :
Canada Southern 49"* j
320 Chesapeake & Ohio 27H
Chicaso Great Western 10»i
2,400 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 125%,,
109 Chicago Indianapolis & Louis 22
Chi 1 aro Indianapolis & Louis pfd. 53
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 96Vi
100 Chicazo & Northwestern 182
S50 Chicago Hock Island & Pacific 106H
C C C & St Louis SS^i
Colorado Southern 6i» j
100 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 42 I
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16 J
200 Delaware & Hudson 112
Delaware Lacka wanna & \Vestern.l77V4
l>enver & Rio Grande 19
Denver Ai Rio Grande prefd 87
Erie 10Ti
Erie 1st prefd 33V»
Great Northern prefd 152"i
Hocking Coal 14>*
100 Hocking Valley 34»%
ISO Illinois Central 116H
100 Iowa Central 1S«4
Iowa Central prefd 43
Kansas City Pittsburg & Gulf 15»i
Lake Erie & Western 23
Lake Erie & Western prefd 91
. Lake Shore 209
SCO Louisrtle & Nashville 71H
2,040 Manhattan L 91?,
Metropolitan Street Railway 153* t j
Mexican Central 11&
303 Minneapolis &. St Louis 55Vi
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd $34
1,050— Missouri Pacific 50»i
100 Mobile & Ohio 37H
Missouri Kansas & Texas 9*i
Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 30H
6.827 New Jersey Central 135%
New York Central 129>£
210 Norfolk & Western ZZ\
Norfolk & Western prefd 74%
2.500 Northern Pacific 51
250 Northern Pacific prefd 7%
100 Ontario & Western 21H
Oregon Hallway & Navigation 42
Oregon Railway & Navigation prefd 76
1.030 Pennsylvania 129%
200 Reading is\
8,2'K) Reading 1st prefd 59^4
Reading 24 prefd 28?;
Rio Grande Western 60
Uio Grande Western prefd SO
St Louis & San Francisco... •» 9%
St Louis & San Francisco 1st pfd. 67
100 St Louis & San Francisco 2d prefd. 34Vi
200 St Louis Southwestern 11^
200 St Louis Southwestern prefd 27*4
3.700 St Paul 113%
St Paul prefd 17Vi
St Paul & Omaha 114
1,700 Southern Pacific .". Zi%
100 Southern Railway 11
610 Southern Railway prefd 52
700 Texas & Pacific 14
7.K85 Union Pacific 5S74
Ml Union Pacific prefd 76'4
IM Wabash 6^
Wabash prefd 18
Wheeling & Lake Erie K%
D00 Whaling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 23H
100 Wisconsin Central 14
Third Avenue 110
Express companies —
Adams 155
American 122
United States 45
Wells-Fargo 123
Miscellaneous —
American Cotton Oil 33
American Cotton Oil prefd 8SVi
American Malting 4^
American Malting prefd 24
270 American Smelting & Refin 37H
American Smeltinc & Refln prefd... gSH
American Spirits IVi
American Spirits prefd 17 -
. American Steel Hoor> 19
American Steel Hoop crefd- 66
2,790 American Steel & Wire 25»i
100 American Steel fc Wire srefd ~ii t
110 American Tin Plate 2u%
100 American Tin Plate prefd 77
2,f*0 American Tobacco ' S3Vi
American Tobacco prefd 128
420 Anaconda Mininc Co- 45«i
9,145 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 66%
200 Colorado Fuel & Iron 34?g
2,700 Continental Tobacco ..¦. 25 l ,4
14n Continental Tobacco prefd 77
(.CS Federal Steel ...: 34'4
125 Federal Steel prefd CGV4
400 General Electric 133
Glucoe» Surar .: S2VJ
Glucose Supar prefd S9
?<*) International Paper 22',i
375 International Paper prefd fi6
Laclede Gas 73
700 National Biscuit .... 31»i
National Biscuit crefd S2
100 National Lead 171,4
National Lead prefd' 90?i
SOO National Steel 23»i
National Steel prefd m
New York Air Brake 130
1,100 North American „ 15
Pacific Coast 65
Pacific Coa5t 1st prefd .•...., Sj
Pacific Coast 2d r»refd 64
jno Pacific Mail siu.
14.S2O People's Gas 95114
200 Pressed Steel Car 33>4
Pressed Steel Car prefd 7l'
Pullman Palace Car .....1SS
•;;••;; gt^n^ard Rc:>e & Twine ;.»• 5^4
13.U0 Bugar i... ir»%
• • ¦ - . .
New York Stock Market.
fODth Merl3!ar.-Pac!flc Time.)
FAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 21.— 5 p. m.
Tlie following maximum temperatures ¦n-rre
reported from etaticr.s in California to-day:
Kureka f3 Tied lilijft $4
Meur.t Tamalpait ... 71 Sacramento ..'. ftj
Jn«1»j>cnd»Tice & fl San I»uis Obispo '.'.'. K1
Fresno £S Kan Uiego 70
Jjr-e /.lUf-'Jcs M
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Pan Francisco data: Maximum temperature
"J: minimum. S7; mfsn, 64.
The prettorc ha? risen rapidly over the north
ern half of th» i'acific Slope.- An area of hifrh
pressure overlies Oregon and Northern Cali-
JTon.ia. . a£p
TI.e tcn;r>prature hr.s risen slowly over Cali
forria, Arizona ar.d Utah. It has fallen rapidly
ever \Vashin:rt9n r.n<i Northern Idaho. In the •
Ureat valjoys of •'talifornla the temperatures ore
about ten decrees tx-low the normal, exceot in
the vicinity of Sacramento.
Light rain if reported In Southern Idaho. A
thunderstorm is reported at DoJf« City.
<~!on<l!t1ons are for fair, warmer weather
V.fcdr.ewlay over the greater portion of the Pa
cific Slope.
Fjjfflgsaxt maSo at Ean Francisco for thirty j
fc«-i_!r>- »nii!ne midnight Ai:irJ''t 22: 1
Nnrthom California — Fair Wednesday; wann
er: fre>h north-west winds. -
Pouthem California— Fair, wanner ¦Wednes
day; frffh westfrly wind.
Nevada— Fair \\Vdn<»Kday.
I.'tah— Fair Wednesday.
Ariinna— Fair Wednesday.
Pan Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednesday;.
continued warm weather: frefh westerly winds.
* ALEXANDEU O. MeADIE.
Forecast QJIiclal. 1
Weather Report.
The stpatuer Garlic sailed yesterday for
China and Japan with a general carpo. valued
UX J17J.C39. manifested as follows: For China,
J^3.?25; for Japan, J77.DM; for Manila. $12,860;
for East Indies. J1150; for Korea, $23$3; for
flam, $317: for Vladivostok. S0&0. The follow
inc were the rr!ricl;ial Shipments.
For China— 3S78 cs canned goods, ZZZO lbs lard,
BM rkR* groceries and provision!". ISO cs tal
r..on, M pkgs dried fruit. CO cs codfish. 1*28 !hs
cheese. 2i-0 bxs j^arl barley, 13 cs drugs. 718
j.k<ss dried fis-h. tC:«r, bbls flour. 1500 gala wine.
10 Fks potatoes. ." Eks onions, 750 bxs fruit, 11
pfcd hardware. S i>kgs rrintir.g ink, S2CS lbs
fertilizer. 19 «af*-s, C".S7 fks b»ans, 0 sks malt.
20 kegs sourkrout, l^u bbls oil. 3 cs drygoods.
tO r>Strs beer.
For Japan— 7 bales hose. II cs whisky. ID cs
dried fruit, 39 pkps grarhor hones. 47 cs liquors
cr.d Fyrups. 9 cs lamp goods, 4C7J pals wine, €25
lbs suger. 12 c* cJa.-Pware, .'¦;* jikgs groceries
end provision*. Cl^ o? cannH Roods, in rolls
leather. 7 < s rubber Roods. 21 crs furniture, 18
l)xe fruit, Jl rkjes printing ink. CO cs toys, 37 cs
hardware. T.C cs drups, 510 bUs flour, 6 pkgs
electrical supplies, fcfi pkgs machinery. 4 cs
hats. !«•<) k<>(?s nails, 31 crs bicycles and run
dr!*-s. ; os firearms. S cs drypood*. 4 cs photo
«roods. S <-s oils. 300 cs tin foil. 3600 lbs coffee.
C400 lbs lard, 20 bxs raisins. 22 bxs soap, 200
c? candU'S. S^O kegs tourkrout, 1000 bales hay
W' sks malt.
For Manila— D4? cs canned goods. 100 gals
trandy. IS cs hardware. lOOQ ib S chocolate. 8
y»ix* Brwf-rits and provision?, 21 crs bicycles,
4 crs bicycle sundries, <SS pals wine, 8 cs paste,
21 cs ink. 23 cs stationery. 33 cr phonographs.
2 cs sundries. C eg typewriters. 2000 crs potatoes.
600 crs c»r.lori«.
For East Indies— 36 cs salmon, 99 cs canned
goods. * crs machinery. 46 pkgs groceries and
provlfiori?. 20 pkps dried fruit.
For Korea— 27 cr hardware. 25 pkgs machin
ery.
For Piam— 77, pkrs groceries 2nd provisions.
For Vladivostok— 3 n photographic material,
2 cs arms and ammunition.
Merchandise for the Orient.
••allies n-ported the market abroad on new
Fi<-Hy filberte very Ftrone on account of heavy
buying: from January. The cost of new- goods
laid down here, according to these earn ad
vices, is airoat 10c, which is the present market
en Epot poods. There are, however, believers
hero in lower prices or. filberts than these."
"New peacbe* attract considerable interest.
fal-v of st-xfral cars of choice beine reported.
Prices, however. w*re not given out. Apricot
pri<:-*-s are firmly FUFtained. but trade is rather
quieter. Future apple* were a trifle firmer.
".Spot prunes are auractir.g some Interest.
en <i*rer of i^c for 'A-f/;s IMng turned down and
latpr a fale of 1% cars being made at 6c. There
Is ronfidtrable inquiry for Fe«?d<»d Muscatel
raisins, but the market practically is cleaned
up en there poods. Pome inquiry is nofd also
lor two-crown and thive-crown loose Muscatels.
•>ales of ten cars of Oregon Italian prunes
were report* <]; five cars of i'i-'fif at 44c and five
cars of iO-e^-s at 4c f. o. b. coast. Negotiations
are under way al^o. lt was said, for a transac
tion In Sve cars of 30-ii s at ."<.
Ttie >:pw Tork Commercial says:
""Cables from Greece rect-lved yesterday re
ported that the cinp of 'keeping currants' of
this veer's outturn would be about 45,000 tons
only. Prices on th<> Grwk market also were
Ftated to be higher than the la^t reports. The
receipt of this news stimulated buyina String
the niorr.lng. sales of around IM cars being re
ported around 7 5-1 6c. and the remainder at
fciph^r f.jpirt-s. The price was advanced along
about the middle of the day to 7 ll-lfit?7* 4 c. The
last cables received previous to yesterday's es
timated that the total currant crop would be
about 6O.ftOO tons, fo it Is likely that In addition
to the 45,000 tons mentioned 15.060 tens will
be gathered to be use! In wine making.
Dried Fruit in New York.
The Gaelic took out a treasure list of $3C?.9C2.
eonMftir.g of fTTTJTH in Mexican dollars. |2S.2o6
In gold coin, and tU^SOS in silver bullion.
Treasure Shipment.
Exports of Salmon from this pert during the
first F?vr-n inontfcs of the year amounted to
J&0.16* cases and 474." packages, valued at $S08.
<* f >. against 12S.KS ca*»s and 5S47 packages at
j;iO,C3D durir; the same time last year.
Exports of Salmon.
nxr">rts of Lumber from this port during the
f:n=t s^von months of. the year amounted to 13.-
OC&.000 feet, ralued at C2.SO0. asainut 13.34S.G00
iovt at iZ:<L.2C during the same time last year.
Exports of Lumber.
The Americana loads railroad t!es of Sallna
Cruz: the Hiamor.d Head, coal at Tacoma. for
Honolulu: the Inca. lumber on Pupet Sound
for Sydnoy, E2t Gd, option of Melbourne or Ade
laide, efts, rri'"" to arrival; the Mary E. Fos
ter, lun.ber at Port Uaketey for Honolulu; the
LlnllthK>i*sh.ire. wheat at Taooma for Europe,
4 f s. prior to arrival: the Xix<», lumber at Bur
rard Inlet for London. «s «, if any other di
rect port Kh. prior to arrival: the Oregon,
lumbvr at British Columbia for Delaeoa nay or
Caj* Town. T'w. option of Ueira 72o 6d (.char
tered ia England), prior to arrival.
Charters.
The. combined stock of wheat at Portland,
Or., Seattle and Tacoma, Wash., Increased
G2.000 bushels last week.
NEW YORK, Aug. 21. —Special cable and tele
gTaphlc communications to Eradstreet's show
the following changes in available supplies
from' last year: Wheat, United States and
Canada, east of the Rockies, Increase, 2,377,000
bushels; afloat for and In Europe, Increase.
600.000 bushels; total supply. Increase. 2,577,000
bushels. Corn, United States and Canada, east
of the Rockies, postponed. Oats, United States
and Canada, east of the Rockies, increase,
l,3S7,0O0 bushels.
Available Grain Supply.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Seot. Dec.
Opening 5 10% , 6 %
Closing 5 10% « hi.
PARIS.
Wheat— Auk. Nov.-F«b.
Opening 20 10 21 40
Closing 20 15 2140
Flour —
Opening 26 10 27 70
Closing 26 15 27 75
TUESDAY. Aug. 21—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. ! Bid. Ask.
Alpha. 07 OVJustice C3 04
Alta 03 0; Kentuck 01 C2
Andes 08 09 Lady Wash CI —
Belcher 13 11 Mexican 2S 2.1
Best & Belcher. 17 \i Occidental 11 13
Bullion 03 03;Ophir »•> 58
Caledonia 53 54 Overman CS V*
Chollar 15 1? Potosl 2? 23
Challenge Con.. 25 27 Savage W IX
Confidence «l 83 Scorpion C2 —
Con Cal & Va..l 35 1 40 Se* Beicher C-' 03
Con Imperial... 01 P3- Sierra Nevada. 37 30
Con New York. — 03 Silver Hill 43 51
Eureka Con — 45 St Loui3 — It
Crown Point.... 14 13 Standard 4 13 * g
Exchequer ..... — 02 Syndicate — <^
Gould & Curry- 16 17-Vnlon Con 21 22
Hale & Norcrs. 20 21 i Utah 07 OS
Julia 01 02 Yellow Jacket.. 31 3:
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Aug. 21—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask.! - Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— I Eqult OLCo. 3 3V6
4s quar coup.. 115 115 x 4j Mutual El Co. l(Hi 11
4» do rec 115 115%i O O L & II — 50
4s do cp new.. 133 134 |Pac Gaa Imp.. 51 iVi
4s quar cou»..l(» 109*4iPac L. Co 44VJ —
Miscellaneous— ;Sac El G&PCo 25 —
Cal-st Cab 5s.ll$»£ - J8PG4E . 534 53^
C C Water 5s. 106^107 |San Francisco. 5 •
Ed L. & P 6s.-127v 3 — jStkn O & E Co 10 —
F & Cl Ry 69.113 — Insurance—
Geary-st R 5s. — 33 FirenVs Fund.227 —
H C 4 S 5^3. - - Bank Stocks-
Do 5s — 104 Anglo-Cal Ltd. 63 —
L A Ry 5s 107 107% Bank of Cal.. — 412%
L A L.t Co 6* — — Cal S D & T.. — 106
Do grntd 6a.. — — First Xatlonl.275 —
L A gntd 53..10O 102H Lon P & A.... 1344 —
L A P R R 5s. — — Merchants' Ex 15 —
Market-st «3..127m30 Nev Xat Bk.. — —
Do 1st M os.lDVa — Savings Banks —
N C N G R 7s — — Ger S & L.....1S6O 1950
N R of Cal 63.113 — Hum S & L.. — —
Do ss — US% Mut Sav Bk.. 43 —
N P C R R 6s.l01 — S F Sav U....507 —
Do 5s 10«%107 Sav & L So 7* 7S
N Cal Ry 5s.. — 111% Sec Sav Bk — —
Oak O L & H.lll 112 Union T Co.... — —
Oak Tran 6a. ..117*4113 Street Railroads-
Oak WCogtdos — 103 California ....123 —
Oceanic S C0.IO6H — Geary-st 60 —
Om C Ry 6s... 127 — I Market-st «4 «3
P & Cl Ry 6a.lO3% — OSL& H.... — 45
P & O R R 63.115 — iPresldio — Z-\i
Powell-stR 6.1.120 — j Powder Stocks-
Sac El G&RSs. 9934101 California VZ ttSS
S F & SJV is. 119 — i Giant Con Co. — 86
S K of Cal 63.11114111*4 Visorlt 3 3^
S P of A 6s...lllVi — i Su^ar Stocks—
S P C 6a (130C) — 111 !Hana S P Co. 7\ 8
Do (1906) — 112% ' Haw C & S Co 87 —
Do (1312) 113% — Honokaa S Co. 29% 20»i
3 PKClst gtn53 — — .Hutch S P Co. 23H —
S P Er 63 132% — iKilauea SP Co 20* 4 214
S V Water 63.115HU6 Makawell S Co 44 44>n
Do 4s 102H102Ti ! Onomea S Co. %\ 27S
Do 3d mtir...lO2 — ' Paauhau S Co. 233» —
Stocktn Gas 6s 99^ — t Miscellaneous —
Water Stocks— [Al Pack Assn. — 113
Contra Costa.. 69 I O^'Cal Fruit Assn 95 93
Marin County. 51% — : Mer Ex Assn. 97 ll»
Spring Valley. 95H 95^4 ' Oceanic S Co.. 92 1 * 93
Gas & Electric — Pac A F A 2 —
Cent G & L Co — — ; Pac C Bor Co. 150 152^
Cent L & P Co 4 S j Par Paint Co. 12ft —
Mornlns Session.
Board —
55 Contra Costa Water 69 25
J1000 Contra Costa Water bonds 106 50
25 Equitable Gas 3 124
115 Honokaa » 30
10O Hutchtnson S P Co 23 25
ICO Makawell , 43 73
J1000 Oakland Transit Co 6s bonds... 117 50
5 S F Gas & Electric Co 53 T5
1 S F Gas & Electric Co 53 50
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 53 *Z^
12000 S P of A bonds Ill 50
2 Spring Valley Water 95 75
$40CO B V 4s bonds <2d rat*), cash 1C2 75
Street—
B0 Alaska Packers' Association 113 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 California Safe Deposit 1C5 00
5 Contra Costa Water O ffifi
95 Equitable Gas 3 124
6 Equitable Gas 3 00
50 Honokaa. S Co 29 60
90 Makawell 44 00
$3000 Oakland Transit Co 6s 117 75
E0 S F Gas & Electric Co 53 624
J400O S P of A bonds Ill 50
20 Spring Valley Water, cash 95 12H
Street—
CO Honokaa S Co 29 50
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornlns Session.
Street—
700 Twenty-eight 125
Afternoon Session.
Board —
SO Home Oil 4 53
10 Kern River 14 50
25 Sterling O & D Co 1 20
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Beard yesterday:
Mornlns Session.
400 Alta 031 100 Hale & Norcrs. 21
200 Caledonia 56j 500 Kemuck C3
500 Challenge 30 100 Savage 11
ICO Con Cal & Va..l 35 600 Sliver Hill 51
ICO Crown Point.... 17 SCO Yellow Jacket.. 35
100 Gould & Curry- 18
Afternoon Session.
200 Caledonia 531 2"O Ophir E«
100 Challenge 23 j 150 Savage 13
400Chollar 15 1 100 Silver Hill 4»
150 Hale & Xorcr*. 20 300 Yellow Jacket.. U
800 Julia Cl!
Following were the sales la the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Caledonia 57, 2C0 Potosl J4
200 Caledonia 5V 200 Potosl 23
500 Challenge Con.. 30 SCO Tellow Jacket.. 3»
150 Con Cal &. V.I 37H
Afternoon Session.
300 Andes 03 200 Potosl 23
ICO Belcher IS 500 Sierra Nevada. Z-l
30O Caledonia 55j 2C0 Utah 07
400 Challenge Con.. 27| 6C0 Yellow Jacket.. 3»
100 Con Cal & Va..l 40, ScO Yellow Jacket.. Z~>
150 Hale & Norcrs. 21 j 2M> Yellow Jacket.. 33
100 Ophir 53;
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Business on the morning session of the Bond
Exchange was merely fair, and quotation!
rhowed no changes worthy of note. The. after
noon was even duller.
The oil stocks were motionless.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Shipment of $?6p,9O2 to China.
Silver a fraction firmer. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat rather better. Freights steady.
Barley dull and nominal. Oats in demand and firm.
Offerings of Corn reduced to almost nothing.
Rye dull and held back by the farmers.
Millstuffs and Fcedstuffs unchanged.
Hay as before quoted. Beans and Seeds unchanged.
Pctatccs, Onions and Vegetables plentiful. ;
Butter zveak and plentiful. Cheese and Eggs steady.
Poultry in fair supply and quiet. Game in light receipt.
Fine fresh Fruit of most kinds ratlwr firmer.
Mexican Limes still lower. Lemons unchanged.
Dried Fruits and Nuts generally firm.
Prices for new Prunes expected Saturday.
Hams being cut again by a local house.
Hides, Hops and Wool about as before.
Nothing 7iczv in the Meat market.
Coal in light supply and firm.
Canned Fruits firm.
Oils as prez'iously quoted.
WASHINGTON, Aug.' 21.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $134,333,847; gold, $71,442,192.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK. Aug. 21.— Money on call, steady.
1^4®1%. Prime mercantile paper, 4@5 per cent.
Sterling exchange, firmer, with actual business
In bankers 1 bills at $4 87%<f?4 87% for demand
and $4 84Vi(£l S4>-4 tor sixty day*. Posted rates,
$4 tSfti and $4 88%<g4 89. Commercial bills,
$4 S3i;<ff4 83%. Bar stiver." 6114c. Silver certifi
cates. 61%<562%c. Mexican dollars. 48%c. Gov
ernment bonds. Irregular; State bonds, Inac
tive; railroad bonds. Irregular.
New York Money Market.
Consols for money, 98%; Atchison. 28; Cana
dian Pacific. 91%; Union Pacific preferred. 78;
Northern Pacific preferred, 72T4; Grand Trunk,
C%; Anaconda, 9>4; bar silver firm, 2S»4d per
ounce; money, 2% per cent.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Aug. 21.— Consols, 9S%@98 11-16:
silver. 28 3-16d; French rentes, lOOf 55c; wheat
cargoes on passage, buyers Indifferent oper
ators; No. 1 standard California, 30s 9d; Walla
Walla, 29s; English couatry markets, quiet
NEW YORK. Aug. 21.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram bays:
The Stock Exchange here was half empty to
day and there was a notable absence of buui
ness, except In the mining department, in
which there were signs of reviving interest.
In the American division the dealers occupied
their time In playing football. The Fra'ich
market was strong. A combination Is being
arranged by the Ayrshire Nottingham lace
manufacturers with a capital of £3,000.000.
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 14. Ontario S 60
Crown Point ltjOphlr 62
Con Cal & Va 1 25 \ Plymouth 10
Deadwood 40 j Quicksilver 1 50
Gould & Curry 14! Do piefd 6 00
Hale & Norcross... 18iSlerra Nevada 85
Homestake 60 CO I Standard S 25
Iron Silver 6HUnlonCon 18
Mexican 25 Yellow Jacket 31
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— .Union Pacific EST4
Call loans 2@3 West End 93
Time loans 3@4% Westlnjhouse Elec 46
Stocks— Bonds—
Atch T & St Fe... 27% Atchison 4s S9*4
Do prefd 7014 X E Gas & Ck 6s. 64H
American Sugar ..122\i Mining Shares —
do prfd 116 Adventure 2^
Bell Telephone ....142%;AHouez Mining Co 1H
Boston Elevated ..147 | Amalgamated Cop. SSVa
Boston & Maine ..1S8 Atlantic 23
Chi Bur & Q 125S Boston & Mont. 3210323
Dominion Coal 4Ui Butte & Boston 62
Do prefd 110 Calu & Hecla.753@>760
Federal Steel ...r. 34% Centennial 17
Do prefd 66H Franklin 17
Fltchburs prefd ..136>, Humboldt 23
General Klectric ..139^j Osceola 67% |
Do prefd 139 Parrot 42
Ed Elec III 2C5 Qulncy 140
Mexican Central... HVi Santa Fe Copper.. 4%
Michigan Tel 85 Tamarack 208
N E Gas & Coke. 13'i Utah Mining 31'i
Old Colony 204 (Wlnona ' 3
Old Dominion 1SH Wolverines 40
Rubber aoifc'
London Market.
Sugar prefd 116
900 Tennessee Coal & Iron 69%
625 United States Leather ; 10H
£10 United States Leather prefd 6S>4
United States Rubber 30%
United States Rubber prefd 94%
Western Union 80%
Republic Iron & Steel H
Republic Iron & Steel prefd 53
P C C & St Louis 64
102,800 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2s, when iM K & T 2ds 66»S
Issued, reg 103»i Do 4s 91}*
Do coupon 103%'N Y Central lsts..lO!>%
U B 2s reg 109 N J Cent gen 5S..12U
U S 3s reg 109 Northern Pa 3s £5%
U S 3s coupon 109 Do 4s
U S new 4s reg 133 N* T C & St L 43..10P
U S new 4s coup.. 133 Nfk Sc W consol 4s i7',i
V S old 4s reg 115 Ore Navigatn lsts.109
U S old 4 coup 115 Do 4s 10UJ
U S 5 reg 112V, Ore Short Line 6s. US
IT S 5s coup 112V.! Do consol 5s 112H
Diet of Col 3 65s. .120 iReading G«n 4s.... 82%
Atchlson gen 4s....l'W; i Rio G West lsts.. «3
Atchison adj 4s.... S5%'St-L & I M con r.fi.llO 7 <i
Canada So 2ds 1OS% St L & S F gen 3s.l2l%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.. 93%iSt Paul consols ..K6>4
Ches & Ohio 6s 117%:St P C & P lsts. .117
Chi & N con 78....13S Do 5s 119
Do S F Deb 5s.. 120U 'Southern Pa 4s..:. 7SK
Chicago Term is.. 32%iSouthern Ry 5a 103
Col Southern 4s 33 Stand R & T 3s.. 66
Den & Rio G lsts..lC?H Tex & Pa lets 113
Do 4s 98 Do 2ds S6
Erie General 4s.... 69 Union Pacific 4s. ..105%
FtWiDC lfts.. 72% Wabash lsts 117>i
Gen Electric 6«....117V^ Do 2Js 101%
Iowa Central lsts. 113 West Shore 4s 111%
K C P <fe G lsts... 69 Wisconsin C lsts.. 88%
L & Nash un 4s.. 9S\ Virginia Centuries. SO
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
September 72U 73 71T4 73
October 72%, 73*4 72%, 73T4
Corn No. - 2—
August . .... 40
September 3914 " 39% 3ST» 39H
October SSH 3SH 37 J. 88V4
Oats No. 2 — •
August . .... 20%
September 22 "• 22V4 21% 22
°^° ber ~- 22%. 22% 22% 22V4
Mess Pork, per bbl—
September 11 10 1110 10 90 10 95
October n 20 u 20 10 97tf 1100;
January u 10 1110 10 95 10 97%
L«rd, per 100 lbs—
September 8 70 6 75 6 70 6 72%
October ...» 6 77% 6 77% 6 72% 6 77%
January 6 45 8 47% 6 45 6 47%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
September ......... 7 02»4 7 02 l ,S 6 95 6 95
October 6 97% 6 97% 6 87^ 6 90
January 5 82% 5 85 5 S2% 5 S2%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull;
No. 3 spring wheat, 67%@72%c; No. 2 red, 74®
74%c; No. 2 corn. 40c; No. 2 yellow. 40Uc; No.
2 oats, 22%c: No. 2 white, 24 l i®23c; No. 3
white, 24V;@25c: good feeding barley, 37c: fair
to choice malting, 41ig45c; No. 1 flaxseed. $1 38;
No. 1 Northwestern. *1 39; prime timothy seed,
$3 85@3 95; mess pork per barrel. S10 9a@ll;
lard, per 100 pounds, $6 70@6 72%; short ribs
sides (loose). $6 90^7 25- dry salted shoulders
(boxed), 6%@C*ic; short clear sides (boxed),
$7 50S7 60; whit.ky, basis of high wines, U 23%;
clover, contract grade, $9.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ' 12,000 10.000
Wheat, bushels 364.000 9.000
Corn, bushels 106.000 29.000
Oats, bushels 276.000 360,000
Rye. bushels 4,000
Barley, bushels 34,000 2,000
On the Produce E-xchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery, 16®20Hc; dairies,
14@18c. Cheese, steady, lOSHUc- Eegs. Hrm;
fresh, 12%c.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close
"Wheat No.' 2— •
August'.' 71K "2*i 71% 72%
FOR TUESDAY, AUGUST 21.
Flour, qrsks 3.1S2 Egors, doz 14.1!>0
\%heat, ctls 630 Pelts bdls 125
Barley, ctls 2,264 Onions, sks 200
Oats. ctls......... 2.S33 1 Beans, sks 50
Cheese, ctls 4 (Wool, bales 5S
Butter, ctls 334 > Straw. tons 14
Tallow, ctls...... 333'Hay. tons 35S
Hides, No.... 756 Middlings, sks.... 1.W0
Leathrr. rolls.... 101 •Bran, sks 573
Powder, cars 1» Potatoes sks 6,7iM
Quicksilver, flsks '20,Shorts, »ks.: 2S5
Wine, gals 31.000
OREGON. -
Flour, qr sks 1.63C Wool, bales 14
Oats, ctls 490
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 3,472 Flaxseed. eks 331
Receipts of Produce.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead 7y»
7»ic per lb; White Lead, 7g7*4c, according to
quantity. •
QUICKSILVER-SIS per flask for local use
and $13<54G for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags- Cubes A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.60c- Powderprt
6.20c; Candy Granulated. 6.20c; Dry' Granulated
6.10c; Confectioners' A. 6.10c; Magnolia A 5 76c :
Extra C. S.COc; Golden C. 3.50c; barrels l5c"
more; half-barrels. 2jc more: boxes 50c mow
50-lb bae^ 10c more. No orders takenfor less
i M?hir iS"??- ° r K ltS «l ulv «lcnt. Dominos,
half-barrels, 6.Sac: boxes. 7.10c per lb
LUMBER-Retail prices are as follows: Pine
ordinary sizes. $16*217; extra sizes hl-her- Re<i
wood. |17«1» for No. 1 and $13 and $16 for No 2 7
Lath, 4. feet. $3 50(n4; Pickets. $1S; Shingles'
$1 75 for common and $2 73 for fancy Shakes
$11 for split and $12 for sawn; Rustic f'n^ '
CANNED SALilON-The 'Alaska' nf^m*
SS^Vto'-bS-.iSK 1 for cther descr » :
PETROLEUM. GASOLINE AND BENZINE
— Water White Coal Oil, In bulk. 12>»c; Pearl
Oil. in cases, 18>ic; Astral Oil, In cases. ISHc-
Star Oil. In cases, lS^e; Extra Star Oil ' lii
cases. 22%c; Elaine Oil, In cases, 23'ic; Eocene
2O',fcc: Deodorized Stove Gasoline, In bulk, 15c'
Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in cases. 21c;'Ben
zine, in bulk. 14c; Benzin". in cases. 20c- 86
degree Gasoline. In bulk, 21c; S6-degrec Gaso
line, in cases. 27c.
TURPENTINE— Quoted at tic per gallon in
cases and SSc In drums or Iron barrels.
OILS— California Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1,
73c; pure, $1 30; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled,
79c; raw, 77c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels, 70c;, cases, 7oc; China
Nut. 6S5T72C per gallon: pure Neatsfoot Oil.
barrels. 60c; cases, 65c: Sperm, pure. 65c; Whale
Oil, natural white, 37 1 ji&42VjC per gallon; Fish
Oil, barrels, 33c; cases, 40c.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy. 2S@33c per lb; Sole
Leather, medium. 26<330c; Sole Leather, light.
26<S2Sc; Rough Leather, heavy. 27g2Sc: Rough
Leather, light, 25ig2tk:: Harness Leather,
heavy, 3i@3Sc; Harness Leather, medium. 30<5
37c; Harness Leather, light. 29f35c; Collar
Leather, 15016c per foot: Kip. finished. 4'J«50c
per lb; Veal, finished. 50i©55c; Calf finished,
75c@Jl 20; Sides, finished. 16<gl7c per foot; Belt
Knife Splits, H@16c; Rough Splits, 8®10c per
pound.
TANBARK— Ground, $25fl2S per ton; Stick.
$15 per cord.
Guatemala and Mexican— 14®17%e for prime
to fancy washed. 13S13%c for strictly good
washed, 11%@12%c for good washed. 9*;<SllUc
for fair washed, 9'/2@10V3C for medium. e^ffJS-^ic
for Inferior to ordinary. lZ&U^c for good to
prime washed peaberry, HH4?12c nominal for
good to prime unwashed peaberry, 10*i@ll'ic
nominal for good to superior unwashed.
Nicaragua— 14#17%c for prime to fancy
washed, lMi6134c for fair to strictly good
washed, 10^@ll^c nominal for good to superior
unwashed. HVi@12c nominal for good to prime
unwashed peaberry.
Salvador — HVi©l*c for good to prime washed,
lO^gllc for fair washed, 12Vi@13%c for good to
prime semi-washed, HWlHic for superior un
washed. 10?*@llc for good green unwashed. 11@
llHc for good to superior unwashed peaberry,
7Vi@9%c nominal for common to ordinary.
COFFEE — Costa Rica — 14V4'B15c for prime
washed. 13@l-4c for good washed. 13%@14 1 4c for
good to prime washed peaberry, 12H<313c for
good to prime peaberry, 12@13%c for good
to prime. lOH^H^c for good current mixed
with black beans. 10%@l^c for fair, 7%@9^ic
nominal for common to ordinary.
CORDAGE — The local cordaee company
cuotes as follows: Pure Manila, 13c per lb;
Sisal sizes aDd bale rope, 9&c; Duplex, 8Hc
Terms. 60 days, or 1H per cent cash discount.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, 3Hc; cases. 4@
4Vic: imitation Eastern, $5 50; boneless, S^c;
strips. 6%@6^c; blocks, 5HS6c; tablets. 6\c;
middles. t>@Sc; desiccated, 87^c per dozen;
pickled, $7 per bbl and S4 per half bbl.
COAL — The market rules Inn, with light
suDplles— Wellington, $3 per ton; Bouthfleld
Wellington, ti; Seattle, $7; Bryant. ?5; Coos
Bay, $3 50: Wallsend. $9; Co-operative Wall
send. .J9: Cumberland. $12 In bulk and $13 23 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14: Can
nel, $11 per ton; Coke, $16 per ton In bulk and
$18 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$8 43 per 2000 lbs. and $S 50 per ton, according
to brand. x
CANNED FRUIT— The feeling in these goods
Is firm, as the pack Is lighter than expected
this year, owing to the scarcity of good fruit.
Extras* In 2M-lb tins are quoted as follows:
Apricots. $1 50 for unpeeled, $1 83 for peeled
and $1 95 for peeled and sliced; Blackberries,
$1 60; Cherries, $1 75 for black. $1 SS for white
and $2 for Royal Anne; Currants. $1 73; Goose
berries, $1 65; Grapes, $1 35; Nectarines, $1 50;
Peaches, |1 C5(f 1 75; Pears. $1 75; Plums. $1 33
<gl 40: Quinces, $1 65; Raspberries, $1 83; Straw
berries, Jl 75.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags. {3 65: Calcutta.
Grain Bags. 5%c; . Wool Bags. 2S%@32%c;
Fleece Twine. ~V*c: Fruit Bags, 6%@6Vc for
white and 8US8%c for bleached Jute.
General Merchandise.
The supply of all kinds about balances the
demand, and quotations are unchanged.
BEEF— 6(S6c per lb for fair to choice. :
VEAL— Large. 7©Sc; small, 8%®9%c per lb.
MUTTON- Wethers, 7%SSc; ewes, 7@7%c per
pound.
LAMB — Spring-. S%©9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 6®6Hc for small, B^^S^c
for medium and 5^(§5%c for large; stock Hogs
and feeders, 5H@5%c; dressed Hogs, 8®Sftc.
San Francisco Meat Market.
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern, free. 15@16c: Northern, defective. 12@
14c; Middle County, free. 14<S16c; Middle Coun
ty, defective, 12@14c; Southern Mountain. 12
months', 11012c; Southern Mountain, free, 7
months, 10<§12c; Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months'. 9®llc: Humboldt and Mendoclno.
18<F?17c: Nevada. 13®16c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln. eVi^Sc; do Lambs',
Sf9c: Middle County. 9<@llc per lb.
HOPS— Old, nominal at 5@10c per lb; new,
10<312c.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. S^S^c: medium. SHc: light. 8@S%c;
Cowhides. 8>/4c: Stags. 6c: Salted Kip. 8c; Calf.
9c; Dry Hides, sound, 15c: Dry Kip. 15c: Dry
Calf, 15c; culls and brands. 12c; Sheepskins,
Shearlings. 20@30i- each; short Wool, 30(S50c
each; medium, 60@?0c; long Wool. 90c® $1 10
each: Horse Hides, salt. $2@2 25 for large. $1 75
for medium. $1 for small and 50e for colts;
Horse Hides, dry. $1 50 for large, $1 23 for me
dium, Jl for small and 23030c for colts. Deer
skins — Summer or red skins, 35c: fall or me
dium skins. 3)c: winter or thin skins. 20c. Goat
skins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth.
50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW-No. 1 rendered, 4@4%c per lb; No.
2, 3@3Hc; grear*. 2@2^e.
There is not much activity In Wool. Busi
ness Is very Irregular, being good one day and
dull the next. Some changes In the fall clip
will be seen.
Hides and Tallow are about aa before quoted.
The market is quiet.
Hop dealers report a lifeless, nominal and un
chansed market.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
COTTOLENE— One-half barrel. 8%c; three
half barrels, S%c; one tierce. S%c; two tierces,
SHc; five tierces, 8%c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure, 9^ic;
10-lb tins. 9%c: 5;lb tins, 9T4c.
CURED MEATS-Bacon. 10%c cer lb for
heavy, lie for light medium. 12%c for light. 13c
for extra light and 14',ic for sugar-cured. East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 13c; Mess Beef. $12 per
bbl: extra Meas. $13; Family. $14; extra Prime
Pork, $li> 50; extra clear. $19; Mess, J1S CO;
Smoked Beef, 12%S13c D er lb.
One house Is f aid to be cutting Hams again.
Otherwise there is nothing new. Prices are
unchanged and trade is dull.
Provisions.
NUTS— Walnuts. S@10^c for standards and 9
@llc for softshells; new Almonds. 12®13Hc
for paper shell, 9%@10c for soft and 6^70 for
hard shell; Peanuts, 5@«Hc for Eastern and
5©6c for California; Brazil Nuts. ll@12Vic; Fil
berts. 12@13c: Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $3 5$
HONEY— Comb, 13«14c for bright and 15®
12%c for light amber; water white, extracted,
7*4#<Hc: light amber, extracted, 6UQ6?4c; dark,
&^6c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24g26c per lb.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice. &c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. S'ic; choice. 7^c; standard. 6»-c;
prime. 5c; unbleached Sultanas.. 5c; Seedless,
50-lb boxes. 5c; 2-crown loose Muscatels, SHc;
3-crown, 6^c; 4-crown, "c; London layers, 2
crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points in
California.
NEW CROP— Prunes, nominal; Apricots. 6®
8c for Royals and 9<©10y.c for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, &g6c; sun-dried, 2HS"?Hc:
Peaches, 5!g5&c for standard, 6c for choice and
<c for fancy; Pears, 5®7Hc; Plums, pitted 5@
6c; unpitted. l@lVsc; Nectarines, 4@5c for red
and 5<g6c for white.
choice lots are growing harder to find. Prices
remain unchanged. But little is heard of Pears
as yet. Apples art rather quiet, but the crop
has been cut down all over the United States
by hot weather and a prolonged "drop."
Nuts are steady to firm at prices which have
ruled for a week or two. except paper-shell
Aimcnds, which are higher, the crop being
under expectations.
Thus far. this season 432 bbls of Royal Anne
Pickled Cherries have been shipped to Cincin
nati by the norther route alone. The value
foots up $12,960. The shipments will probably
continue for months to . come, unless a large
quantity is sent by. rail.
Watermelons are feeling the effects of the
warm weather, and are selling as fast as they
come in at slightly higher prices. Other Melons
are unchanged. Grapes are still in large supply
and cheap, with the exception of Wine Grape.*,
which are firm. Country ¦ reports . are . to the
effect that buyers are bidding $20®22 per ton
for ZInfandels in the important districts. They
will probably sell high this year.
First class Peaches and Pears are firm, with
Indications of improved prices. Plums are
slow. Apples are steady, and the crop Is said
to be turning out light this year.
Limes have again declined.
Berries are steady and clean up well.
¦'DECIDUOUS FRUITS— .
APPLES— 25i@50c per - box for common and
50c@Jl for good to choice; Crabapples, 23g30c
per small box and 50c per larse box.
PEAKS— Bartletts, 25c@75c In boxes and $20®
25 per ton in bulk. .
QUINCES — 10®50c per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $4@6 per chest for large
and $5(g8 for small berries. -
RASPBERRIES— $5®7 per chest.
BLACKBKRRIES-?3(g5 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 5@6c r>cr lb.
FIGS — 30<950c for single and 60<gS5c for double
layer boxes. -
NECTARINES— White, 23@50c per box; red,
S5@75c. ,
PLUMS— 20@40c per box and crate; in bulk.
$10@15 per ton ; Prunes, 23ig5Cc per. crate ; Egg
Plums, I12(gl3 per ton. ;-¦.;•'¦ '.- •
PEACHES— 25<§50c per box and 4O#50c per
basket: in bulk, $15(^25 per ton for freestone
and $15<52O lor. clings; Mountain Peacncs, 40@75c
per box. i
GRAPES — Fontainebleau, 33040c per crate:
Muscats. ; SOigaOc per crate; Seedless, 50WS5c per
crute; Sweetwater, 2a(i740c: black. 35<&30c: To
kay, SSQoOc; Isabella. 75c; Wine Grapes, $C2@'24'
per ton for Zlnfandel.
MELONS — Nutmegs, 25@60c per case; Canta
loupes, 50c@$l 23 per crate; Watermelons. $10®
25. with extra- large at $30 per 100.
CITRUS FRUITS— Lemons, $1 50@2 for com
mon and $2 50tJ3 50 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $5@5 50; Bananas, $1@2 per bunch; Pine
cpples, $1 50@3 50 per dozen. ,v
Dried Fruits, Nuts: and Raisins:
It Is confidently expectedi that Prune prices
will -be announced Saturday. . The feeling in
thls'frult Is firm./". ....
Aprlcou and Peaches continue firm and
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits. »
Dairy— Fancy, 22^4c; good to. choice, 20@22c;
common, 15@18c.'
, Creamery tub— 20®22%c per lb.
Pickled roll— 19@20c.
Firkin— !S<gl9c.
CHEESE— New, 9@9V4c; fancy, 10c; old SgS^c;
Young America, 10@10Hc; Eastern, 13H@Hc;
Western. 10Q'12c rer lh.
| EGGS— Quoted at 15@19c for store and 21@23c
per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 15® 19c.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy Creamery, 24®'24Hc; seconds,
23<ff23»,4c.
There was less complaint about a weak But
ter market yesterday, though all dealers re
ported the market well 'stocked and slow.
Cherss stood the same. Eggs were as previously
quoted, and there was no scarcity.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
GAME— Doves, 50@60c per dozen; Cottontail
Rabbits, $1 25@1 50; Brush Rabbits. $1; Hare,
$1 25@1 50.
A car of Eastern came In. Local Poultry was
In good supply and weak as a rule. There was
no chanse in Came.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9@10c for Gobblers
and 10<ffllc for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 25©1 50:
Goslings, il i>W(il 75; Ducks, J3@4 50 for old and
$3@4 50 for young; Hens, J3 50@4 50; Young
Roosters. $4©5 50; Old Roosters, $3 500125;
Fryers, $3@4; Broilers, Mi? 3 50 for large and
$1 75®2 50 for small: Pigeons, $1 50@l 75 per
dozen for old Jl 5©@l 75 for Squabs.
Poultry and Game.
POTATOES — Garnet Chiles. 60c; New Early
Rose, 25@30c; Burbanks. 40@63e for Rlvere and
75c@$l per ctl for Salinas; Sweets, lVi@l%c
per lb.
ONIONS— Yellow, 50-gCOc per ctl; pickle
Onions, 60@75c.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn, 75c^?l per sack,
75c@}l per crate for Berkeley and Jl@l 25 for
Alameda; Green Peas, 2@3c per lb; String
Beans. 2@3c; Limas, 3@4c; Cabbage. 40<g50c;
Tomatoes, River, 15@35c; Bay, 2J(g'40c: Egg
Plant. 50®75c per box; Green Okra. 40<g60c;
Green Peppers, 35® 50c per box for Chill and 40
©«0c for Bell; Dried Peppers,- 8@10c; Carrots, 25
@35c per sack; Summer Squash. 33ft 60c for Ala
meda: Cucumbers. 15@30c for Alameda: Pickles.
$1 p«r ctl for No. 1 and 50c for No. 2; Garlic, 2%
(H'3c per lb; Marrowfat Squash, J15@20 per ton.
There is no change worthy of note in any
thing. Potatoes and Onions continue plentiful
at about the same prices. Vegetables, with few
exceptions, are in heavy supply and weak.
! Receipts of Hay dropped sharply yesterday.
The market continues quiet, and steady for
good grades. There Is no change in FeedstufTe.
BRAN— $12@12 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16@19 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16017 60 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26@27; jobbing.
$27 60@2S; Cocoanut Cake. $20©21; Corn Meal,
$26 50; Cracked Corn, 127; Mixed Feed. $13 50<H14.
HAY— Volunteer, $4 50S7; Wheat, $10® 12;
Wheat and Oat. J9 50@ll 50; Oat, $S@10; Clover,
$4<ff 6; Alfalfa. J6(§7 50; Barley. J6 50<gS 50 per
ton.
STRAW- 30®37%c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The advance in white descriptions Is said to
be due to Government orders. Recent pur
chases amount to about 125 tons, and It Is
thought that additional orders will be received, i
Other descriptions under this head stand un- ,
changed. I
BEANS— Bayos, J2 60®3 75; Small White. 13 75
4; . large White, $3 10@3 25; Pink, $2 25@2 75;
Red, $3 25®3 50; Blackeye. $3 50; Lima. *5 15®
5 25: Pea. $3 SOIQS 70; Red Kidneys. $3 25@3 60.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 4c; Flax, *2@2 20; Canary. 3%c per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,
nominal: Rape, 2%'3'3c; Hemp, iQ4Vic; Tim
othy. 4®4%c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, nominal; Green, J2 25®
2 50 per ctl; Blackeye, J2.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
MILLSTUFFS-Prlces In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, J3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour, J7; Corn Meal. J2 75;
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats, $4 50; Hom
iny, J3 50@3 75; Buckwheat Flour, $4€4 25;
Cracked Wheat, J3 50; Farina, $4 50: Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), JS
@7 25; In sacks, »5 75@7; Pearl Barley, J5;
Sp'.lt Peas, $5; Green Peas, Jo 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, J3 60®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, J3 40@3 50;
Oregon and Washington, J2 75@3 10 per barrel
for family and $3 15@3 50 for bakers'; Eastern.
J4 75@5 75 per barrel.
Flour and Millstuffs.
to the size of the ship and . the views of shlt>
pers and ship owners. There is not much, go
ing on. The chartered Wheat fleet In port has
a registered tonnage of 31,900, ' against 40,200
tons on 'the same date last year; disengaged,
21,800. against 15S1; on the way to this port,
159,660 tons, against 199,100.
WHEAT— Liverpool was lower and Paris
higher.
Chicago advanced %c, and reported a better
tone at all markets, with prospects for an ad
vance. It was the general opinion that Wheat
had turned for the better. There was a good
ex;>ort demand, both at Chicago and the sea
board. There was also some foreign buying
I at Chicago, and the cash demand was much
better. Kansas was still reported hot and dry,
and high temperatures prevailed throughout the
West.
Local futures advanced about lc and spot
quotations were also a fraction up.
. Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 02V4@l 03X; Milling,
$1 G5@l 07&. .
• - CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December — 6000
ctls. $108%; 2000, $1 08V6; 22.000, $1 OSH- May—
2000,. U 13?i. ¦.
Second Session— December— €000 ctls, $1 0S%.
Regular Morning Session — December — 12.000
ctls, JX 09%; 4000, SI 09%; 38.000. Jl 09%. May—
3000. .ji 14*;.
Afternoon Session — December — 6000 ctls,
J109H: 6003, *1 09%; 12.000, $1 09Vi. May— C000
ctls, Jl 14%; 4000, $1 14M.
BARLEY— Continues dull, with quotations
more or less nominal. Offerings are ample for
all current needs.
Feed. 75c for Xo. 1 and 67 1 / £@72%c' for off
grades; Brewing and shipping grades, 80@85c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Sepslon— December— 4000 ctls, 77c.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — May — 4000 ctls, 80c.
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls, 76^c.
OATS— Dealers are again reporting a good
market, the feeling being stiff and the demand
satisfactory. Stocks are moderate.
White— $1 \&&l 25; Surprise, $1 35@1 40; Red,
Jl 10(91 25; Gray, Jl 12H'g!l 20; Black, for feed,
U 10.ffl 15; for seed, |l 15?1 22% per ctl.
CORN— Quotations are largely nominal, as the
Produce Exchange is now about bare of offer
ings.
Eastern, Jl 20; California Large Yellow,
Jl 17%@1 20 per ctl; White, $1 17%@1 20; Small
Round Yellow, Jl 17tt@l 20.
RYE— Dull. Farmers refuse to sell at the re
duced bids of shtr>ners. Quotations are nominal
at 87V4<590c per ctL
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
buying. September pork closed 12^©15c under
yesterday, lard 2%@5c higher and ribs 5c down.
The leading futures ranged as follows: '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 22, 1900.
Foreign Futures.
EASTERN MARKETS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Soot \ freirhts are ¦ va
rlously quoted »t from 3&s 9d to 40s, according
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
8
Sun, Moon and Tide.
AUCTION SALES
AT TflE CALIFORNIA HORSE
AND MULE MARKET,
1621 MARKET ST., bet- 12 th and 13th,
TUESDAY August 21
At 11 o'clock. I will sell 63 head of horses anJ
mares direct from the Logan Ranch, Sanu
Barbara. In offering this stock I can safelj
say they are best lot of draft and driving
horses ever offered at public sale in California.
They range in weight from 1300 to 1600; youna
and sound. The above stock can be seen al
yards any time uj> to day of sale.
S. WATKINS, Auctioneer._ >AITDEVILLE has claimed another star, this time Jessie Bartlett Davis being
I I the artist to forsake comic opera for th- higher salary of vaudeville. The
If lady, whose s^eet contralto voice has entranced countless thousands through
the medium of the opera "Robin Hood," will appear at the Orpheum on Sop-
JESSIE BART LETT DAVIS.
VAUDEVILLE LAYS CLAIM
TO A STAGE FAVORITE
PORT GIBSON. Miss.. Aug. 21.— Charles F
Wheeless. a merchant of Graft Gulf, near Port
Gtbson. last night shot andHcllled W. C. V.'1I
11am?. a fisherman, and the %*"ven-year-©ld snn
of Williams and mortally wounded a negro
hoy. The two last named "were bystander*,
William* leaves a large family. Wheeler nays
.the shooting was done to protect his honor.
GL.ENFORD. O.. Aug. 21.-Manna H-Msford's
sawmill boiler exploded to-day, killinir l-nvlsi
IKipler. El»a Wlneirartner and a man namr4
McLatyihlln. The bodies were/ horribly muti
lated Mid blown a great distance. The owner of
the mill was seriously Injured. The c»ua« ot
the accident la unknown.
Leon Asher. a butcher living at 441 Xa
toma street, rented a room at 117 Taylor
street Monday night. Yesterday morning
he was found unconscious In bed with the
gas turned on. He had screwed off the
tip. He was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital and was soon pronounced out of dan
ger. Sunday. August 12. he was taken to
the Insane -ward In the hospital, but his
wife a few hours later Insisted upon his
release and they went home together.
Tried the Gas Route.
In the Divorce Court.
OAKLAND. Aug. 21.— Myrtle O'Neill
commenced pult to-day for a divorce from
John R. O'Neill on the ground of willful
neglect.
Abram W. Cronk sued for a divorce
from Catherine E. Cronk on the ground of
desertion.
Death of an Aged Pioneer.
OAKLAND. Aug. 21.— Edmund Wilson
brother of Captain of Police A. Wilson.'
died to-day In San Francisco. Deceased
was 72 years old. He came to California
In 1K»2. He wag In the police department
of San Francisco for several years.
Congressman E. F. Loud has received
a letter from the Second Assistant Posti
master General relative to better marl
service In Alaska. The letter reads that
the authorities In Washington have a plan
under consideration for bettering the-
Alaska service during the four winter
months. The route will probably be over
land from Skaguay by way of Dawson
Eagle. Circle and other Yukon River
points to St. Michael and Nome.
Mail Service to Alaska.
I One faction made the allegation that be
; cause the adherents of the old Pheian
Committee of One Hundred had been
turned down In the election of the of
ficers of the Bryan and Stevenson Club a
scheme had been hatched up to get re
venge by stuffing the roll and leaving
names off that the primary next Saturday
• micht be carried. Also that a part of tho
i scheme was to notify the members of th>
i Bryan and Stevenson Club that they need
npt enroll, havlrie already signed the club
roll, ,and fo by keeping them away pave
the way for leaving off their names with
out their knowledge.
James C. Nealon and Thomas C. Burke
! had it outwltb Bloom, and added tue\ by.
I alleging that the Registrar's offloo and th»
i City Hall clique were flxlnpr up a freeze
out and that Valsh and Zemanski were in
it. James C v 'ealon. Thomas \V. Burke.
William J. Effan, Frank Foley. John Mc
laughlin. Frank Skellcy. P. Flynn. Harry
Kelly and James C. Burke all found their
! names missinc from the roll. The final
i enrollment will take place to-morrow
i night, when more fun is possible.
The Democrats of the Thirty-seventh
Assembly District had a hot time last
evening in the rooms adjoining Devisadero
Hall. A call was sent out for votcra to
go to the hall and register. When they,
arrived they found a book in the custctfv
of J. II. Bloom, upon which many narms
had been written. Over this book there
was a wrangle that lasted the- entire even
ing. Fists were shaken, threats were
made to tear up the book and throe Uc
pieces out of a window and an sorts of
fighting talk went on. Names that wera
enrolled by the Bryan and Stevenson Cl'ib
of the district were found to have be:-n
left off. Names were on the book of i er
«ons who had never signed any roll.
trict Democrats.
ACCUSE THE REG1STBAB.
Hot Session of Thirty-Seventh 35i3-
Evening r>roirramm*» committee — j. R. •¦ Gll
more, Dr. F. W. Urownlng. William Cogan.
C. L.'PhUbrlek. • Mr*. -Eva Coean: Mrs.- S. IV.
Steel?; Charles Harris. Mrs. E. M. Owen.
'Printing "and advertising committee— M.
Inaaes. J. ; J. O'Toole, I.O. Morgan. F. L.. I-
Hereux. C. L. Phllbrick. . •
j Auditing and finance committee— L. D. Man
ning.' J. S. Gllmore, J. A. C. - McDonald, L.
Krelss. W. H. Fisk. '
Those who gave the musical and elocu
tionary numbers were: W. J. Oakes, Miss
Gretchen Burnett, Miss ¦ Merle Francis.
Miss Eva Carolyn Shorey. W. J. Hynes.
Miss Maggie Bassett. Miss Bertha Boute
rioTis. Miss Josle Butler. Mrs. Walter
Molloy and Robert Hall. \.. .
The officers and committees who carried
the jubilee to a successful conclusion
were:
'L.' Nolan. California No. 1. president: J. S.
Qllmore,- Pacific No. 7. secretary; L. D. Man
ning. Fremont No. 247, assistant secretary: S.
It.. Mitchell. Oakland No. 2. treasurer. Vlee
presidents. Dr. James L. Mayon. Grand Medi
cal Examiner: Mrs. M. J. Stewart. Pant Su
preme Chief of D.' of: H.: Mrs. E. F. Mayon.
Dr. F. "W. Browning. P. M. W.: W. H. Flsk
! P. M. W.: F..S. Poland. P. M. W.; J. a!
Carleton. • " •,
After an interlude for music. Past Su
preme Master Workman William H. Jor
dan was Introduced. His theme was
"Looking Backward." He took a retro
spective glance over the field of the fra
ternity.
W. H. Barnes, past grand master work
man and charter member of California
No. 1. spoke of the legacy which the old
men wero leaving to the younger genera
tion:
their ladles and friends. Nearly 2000 per
sons took part in the jubilee, and among
them were many leaders of the organiza
tion. Including not a few of the highest
officials and past officers of the grand and
supreme lodges of the ancient order an.J
¦ the Degree of Honor, women's auxiliary.
..A feature of the exercises was the buoy
ant tone of the speeches by representa
tive members. The growth, development
and stability of the. fraternity were the
texts of the addresses. It was fitting that
a past master workman of California
Lodge No. 1. the parent lodge of the order
in California, should preside, «o that
honor fell to L. Nolan, who was also presi
dent of the general committee of arrange
ments for the. jubilee. .
The anniversary exercises proper were
held this -evening-at- the First- Presby
terian Church, ,the vast auditorium and
galleries being packed with" Workmen,
Prizes— M. Isaacs. ; F. Hlguera, A. W. S.
Smith, -Louis Krelss, Abe Davis. F. Johnson,
J. .S. Vestal,, ¦ George A. Bowersmlth. Mrs.
Sarah M. Steele, Mrs. M. D. Pierson, Mrs.
Clara King. Mrs. F. S. Dolhier, Miss Julia
Jacobsen, Mrs. E. D. Strowbridge and Mrs. -M.
F. Chloupek. I
Gate — Charles Lochran.' J. H. LafTerty, J. N.
Jacobsen, D. II. Harkins. W. F. Oliver and J.
A.. Jackson.
Music— J. A. C. Macdonald, C. I* Ingler. A.
II. McKowan and Mrs. Eva Cogan.
FIooi — J. A. Jackson (director), G. A. Bower
smith fchlef Rid). F. Hlfruera. C. L. Phil
brick. Oscar Hawes, J. S. Gllmore. C. N. Gil
bert. Charles Harris, W. J. Hall. Fmnk Green
and Fred.Rugg.'"' ;. " . ~ . '.""
Games and Prizes— J. N. Harris, L. Krelss,
J. T. Drew, M. Marks, W. J. Hall, Abe Davis.
I. O. Morgan, - Charles' K. Townsend. S C
Elanchard. E. J. Murphy. Mrs. M. Steele, Mrs.
M. F. Chloupek. Miss E. Klstler. Mrs. J. S.
Vestal. G. Baehr. J. S. Gllmore, F. I. Lemus.
C. W. Wilkins and T. Neilsen.
The day 'was concluded with a big cake
walk in the dancing pavilion. The con
testants were marshaled by Mrs. Dora
Mendelsohn, who acted as drum major.
The prize was awarded to Miss Myrtle
McKinley and F.- Boardman by the Judges,
who were Mrs. M. F. Chloupek, Miss E.
Klstler, A. Davis, J. A. Jackson and J. T.
Drew.
Miss I* Miller and J. Baumgarten won
second prize.
The committees In charge were as fol
lows: ';." '-'.¦ ' W. ,
Basket and potato race for men— Joseph Sul
livan won, J. Keyes second.
Race for members of general and games com
mittee—Jnmes T. Drew won, Albert Turner sec
ond. A. Davis third, E. J. Murphy fourth. D.
H. Harkins fifth.
In thp tug-of-war for the members of
the Degree of Honor the teams captained
by Mrs. M. "F. Cbloupek was composed of
Miss M. B. Cluney. Mis* I,. Donnelly. Miss
Margaret Bain, Miss Catharine Bain, Mrs.
M. D, Pierson and Miss E. Ktstler. That
led by Mrs. G. Relchman consisted of Miss
Kittle Gartner. Mrs. J McKay. Mrs. H.
Hall, Mrs. H. Marks, Mies A. Parkinson,
Mrs. A. Gravlll. After much tugging the
prizes were equally divided between the
teams. - ¦
OAKLAND, Aug. 21.— Twenty-five years ago California Lodge No. 1, Ancient Order of United Workmen, was or
ganized at West Oakland. To-day the order celebrated Its silver anniversary by a picnic at Shell Mound Park
during tbe day and literary exorcises at the First Presbyterian Church In the evening. As the order was born
In Oakland a quarter of a century ago and as the present grand master of the State, Charles E. Snook, is a resi
dent of Oakland, it was fitting that the Alameda County lodges should have charge of the anniversary.
It was Attgust 21. 1S75, that the late Horace G. Platt. who was one of the original organizers of the Workmen,
called a meetltig in the hall on the corner of Seventh and Pine streets and formed California Lodge No. 1. A. O.'U. W.
There were fifteen members on the charter roll and the first officers were: Edward Surrhyne, master Workman; J. C.
Fields, past master workman; William II. Fiske, foreman; C. E. Henry, overseer. The other officers and members
were: J. A. Carlton. B. B. Allen. A. B. Hoag, J, A. Chase, E. Newottny, A. H. Anderson, W. H^Omey, John Woof,
J. W. Plummer, J. II. Tyler and A. Bear.
Since then the order has grown to be one of the most powerful in the State, but Oakland still continues to be
the home of the Workmen.
Grand Master Charles E. Snook was largely instrumental In arranging the celebration to-day, which waB success
ful in every way. . »
OAKLAND, Aug. -1.— Thousands .of
members of the Ancient Order of
United Workmen, their families and
their friends, enjoyed the reunion
to-day at Shell Mound Park, - which
marked one phase of the silver jubilee cel
ebration of the twenty-fifth anniversary
of the order's birth. -From Oakland. Ala
meda and Berkeley went hundreds of peo
ple while special trains brought as many
more from all the towns In Alamed'a
County. San Francisco sent a large quota
cf representatives to mingle in fraternal
r< There g wa« a big programme of enter
tainment. Games, dancinpand concerts
occupied old and young. The committees
snared nothing to make the celebration a
fiCcces? and to mark It as a red-letter day
, " ,wl htstory of the order. The immense
crowds were handled S o well that not one
unpleasant incident, was recorded.
The winners of the games and races
were as follows:
novs 1 race, under S years— Festus Macdonough
W Boys' race, under 14 yearn— Floyd -Webster
TounB men's race-Joseph Sullivan won. A.
Macdonoush won., .
RunnTnB broad Jump, younff- men-J. Murphy
TatS^farM%^ n F-.C ar ,won,Mr,
Adelaide
r£fl won Mrs. M. P. Nlelson -second. ¦. :
Thrw» le'ceed race-M. Macdonouirb and J.
M^rpTy won. Joseph Sullivan and F. Coburn
'Companion race— M. Mapdonough and Annie
Ma?d^ouKh won. Alice Schroder and James T.
D Fat Sien^race-Frank Baker won. M. Isaacs
second. "
Married ladlon' race— Mrs. A. J. Kin* won.
Mrs. F A Morrtll second.
Standin* hop. skip ' and Jump-W. Olsen won.
Race for raet chiefs of honor. D of H.-Mrs.
F. Flnnl»ran won. Miss Lauretta Donnelly sec-
Hapkn arid potato race for Hrl*— Allle Isaacs
won, Annie Macdonough second. ¦• _ ¦? < _ ..-^v'? ;-
Race for married memberK of A. O. U. W.—
J. F. Drew won, C M. Gilbert second.
IT WAS A JOYFUL DAY FOR WORKMEN AND THEIR LADIES.
Pacing, 2:30 class— Sir Albert S M»n<1 »
Ftanton Wilkes. Our Boy's Sister Tin W?
j nt R^bert°?' EnOCh> Demonl °- Athablo. Harry
'The Western Stallion stake*, a BWeenstako
for trotting stallions. tlOOO added by the Han
Francisco and San Mateo Agricultural KtTn
ciation-Alta Vela. Monterey. GaytSi Iran
Alto Prince Ansel, Zombro, Osito, lUc'hmond
Chief, Jack \v .
Trortlng. 2:30 class-Alponeta, Una K. Janice.
(It «?, ?'• 1>rlncfss Wilkes. Zarlna. Charlie
Mc Vi S1 , t , vn : t;r< -> llr 'S- Monte Carlo. Joe SHby,
Belle Patchen. Mary I,
Pacing. rree-ror-ail~<;iipper. Anaconda. Lit
tle Thorn. Floraclta. Kelly Krlg^s.
iv iw"/' 2 x,° c ' a * p -!>ictatre«. s . Floraclta. Kel
1> HrlKKs, Myrtha Whip*. Kdna It
inhn C 'T' m' 3 Cla! "'- W l ll iam Haroid, I Direct.
John A Marcaretta, Diotatres!.. Hev Direct
n A& Ks&asra mh !gs§
Pacing. 2:1S class-King Cadenza, Teddy the
Chloe, Irvingtun lioy. Pathmark, Goshen Jim
Pacin* 2:25 Has<,-Slr Albert 8. Oceano Hoi™"
Stanton Wllkes, Our Boys Sinter Taes ii^I
blita Muleahy neon. Hermla, \Vc£o7«;; ™£
monlo, Harry J, EaFter D. '
Trotting. 2.24 class— Una K, Tom Smith, Ju
m iS* i ' u ' rto Ill <"°. Princess Wilkey. Maxgle
McKlnney. Grejiing, Atherine, Monte Carlo,
Juan Chlco.
Fifth day. Friday. September 28— Ladles'
driving and equestrian events; Gymkhana
sports; twenty-five mile race; pony races; va-
UUero riding.
Sixth day, Saturday. September 29— Grand
hirse show exhibit; athletic field day; last
day of bench show.
Entries to the harness events are as fol
lows:
Trotting. 2:10 class— Dalmont, Addlson. Dolly
Dillon. Fhoebe Childer*. Prince 'Gift, Hazel
Kinney.
Trotting. 2:13 class— Miss Jessie, Dolly Dillon,
Claudius. Hazel Kinney. K<4i Incersoll.
Trottinc, 2:15 class— Lynall. Bonsallne, Lot
tie, Alto Vela. Psyche, Osito, McUriar, El
iloro, .Ned Thome, nob Ingersoll. ¦
Trotting. 2:18 class-TulliRht, Stella Marvin.
fcabl« Kran<-es, Richmond Chief, Arrow.
Trottlnjt. 2:2>» class— Stella Marvin, Prince An
pH. Richmond Chief, Miss P.arnabee. McNally.
Arrow, Dola'lor.
Fourth day, Thursday, September 27— First
day horse show specialties; second day polo
fames.
Third day, Wednesday, September 26— First
grand stock parade at 1 p. m.; opening of
b»»nch show; 2:30 p. m., pony races and steeple
chase.
First day. Monday. September 24— Golden
Gate Park Driving Association day; three har
ness events <clo**-d) for club members.
Second day, Tuesday, September 25— First
day of State polo tourney.
As additional attractions. Gymkhana
sports will be introduced by the polo rid
ers. This sport is quite an attractive fea
ture In India, and has been practiced by
some of our local riders. It embraces
such events as ring tilting, tent p«gging.
tandem and "Adam ajid Eve" races. A
prize will also be given for vaquero rid
ing, showing the handling and breaking
of bronchos. . •
The programme for the first week is as
follows:
The committee authorized the offering
of a trotting purse of $2000, free for all,
entrance 10 per cent, three moneys, five to
enter and three to start; entries subject
to acceptance by. the executive commit
tee. There was also offered a purse of
$500 for a twenty-five-mile running race
for long-distance riders, each contestant
to be aJlowed ten horses. This money
will be divided $350 to lirst. $100 to second
ftnd $50 to third, changes of horses to be
made in front of grand stand at discre
tion of riders.
The executive committee of the San
Francisco and San Mateo Agricultural
Association met Monday night and can
vassed entries for the September meet.
The three-year-old race, 2:15 class, was
declared off, it having failed to fill.
Committee Decides Upon New Fea
tures for September Meet.
Agricultural Association Executive
ENTRIES FOR TANFORAN
FAIR ARE CANVASSED
Upon motion of Jud^e Cooney the club
unanimously recommended the appoint
ment, by Mayor Phelan. of Thomas L.
Henderson as a Supervisor, to succeed the
late Colonel Duboce. \
A committee consisting of General Salo
mon. J. P. McMurray and T. L. Hender
son was appointed to present the list of
delegates to the County Committee before
11 o'clock to-day for « nrollment and the
committee was empowered to fill vacan
cies in the list if any of those named for
delegates should decline to serve.
Municipal convention — H. P. Umbsen. Kdrar
Brlfrgs. M. M. Stern. E. L. Cook. John Tuttle.
John C. Cullen, George I). Clark, D. C. B.
McCarthy. John J. Cat-ten. Ed L.. Christian.
Charles Alpers. William Clark, William J.
Jones W. II. Barrows. Thomas L». Henderson.
Carl L. Koster. Dr. J. W, Hamilton, John S.
Lawsnn. Philip Ropers.
State convention— W. J. Ramsay, T. Schnp
pert, J. C. Owens, John Hirglns, X. Schlenlngr
er. James II. Humrhreys. Irvinr B. Cook.
George W. Fuller. William M. Iberg, M. Wert
heimcr.
The following committee was appointed
in addition to the chairman and acting
secretary, to bring In & list of delegates:
P. E. McCarthy. J. P. McMurray. George
Fiddes.'R. M. McLennon and Fred Tobei
mann. The list of nominees for delegates
submitted and endorsed by the club Is as
follows:
A meeting of the Thirty-seventh As
sembly District Republican Club was held
in Devisadero Hall, on Devlsadero street,
last. evening. Edgar Erlggs, the first vice
president of the club, presided, and T. L.
Henderson acted as secretary. Gustave
Gunzendorfer. the president, and Augus
tin Tildcn, the secretary of the club,
failed to appear. Their absence was ex
plained by General E. S. Salomon, who
addressed the meeting and said: "It is due
to the Republicans assembled here to be
informed of the necessity for this meet
ing. "We have patiently waited for a call
by the president of the Thirty-seventh
District Club for a meeting to select dele
gates to be voted for nrxt Friday. When
it became apparent that no meeting would
be called, a number of * Republicans as
sembled Monday night and. after lor.K
deliberation, appointed a committee to
wait upon the officers of the club and
ascertain why no meeting had been caucd
and also to take the necessary steps to
have a meeting this evening for the pur
pose of selecting delegates. The commit
tee called upon the president at 9 o'clock
this morning and he told them that he
had instructed the secretary to call a
meetlns for this evening, but that he did
not call it because he could not get the
hall. The committee ascertained that the
hall had been secured, but that the order
for It had been countermanded by
one F. Eggers. The committee tried 10
find the secretary and the president in
tljeir respective offices, but neither coui'l
be found. The committee then secure-!
the hall and sent men all over the district
to notify Republicans ot the meeting. The
Republicans of the district strongly object
to being deprived of their rights. It looks
very much like a trick and a bad one pi
to steal the delegates. The time has
arrived to demonstrate that we are free
and independent Republicans and no vot
ing cattle. If the Republicans of th« dia
tribe desire to be run by and dominated
over by bosses, they will have an oppor
tunity to so declare at the polls next
Friday. If they desire independence they
ought to support ami fleet the delegates
that this club would jut in the field."
Called by a Committee of Voters.
Ticket Nominated at a Club Meeting
THIRTY-SEVENTH DELEGATES.
DETROIT. Aug. 21.— Jockey Landrey
carried off the riding honors at Highland
Park to-day by winning three races.
Four and a hall furlongs— Syncopated Sandy
von. Emma C. L.. second, Ilorsa third. Time.
Six furlongs— Oeorge Ivbar won. Albert Vale
*"*ond. Brulare third. Tim*, !:1S%.
He%-cn furlonc^— Kibe won. Blenheim fecoiid.
H'-adley third. Time. 1:31^.
v siwj !«-ha», short rounw — Pooriands won, X.
Ci-f^-de wcond. Flarhy third. Time, 5:11.
_r- "\* mile— Bequeath won, Margaret Hage man
"Second. Flammarlon third. Time. 1:19\.
DETROIT. Aug. 21.— Thf track at Wlnd-
For was heavy from last nWir's rain.
Favorites won all but the opening event,
Ohanton. barked from <0 to 1 to 12 to 1.
capturing thrut race. Results:
One mil* — Chanton won, La vita s*"? eeconfl,
Charley Est#>« third. Tlm<». l:«SVi.
Short fount* steeplechase, about two miles —
Babr ISM won. The Cad second. Mr. Dunlap
third. Time. *:l£%. ' >.
Fiv» fur!<T£f>. selling— Ralston won, DoIIfe
"\Withoff second. Sir Cristopher third. Time,
1 :'*>V
Five and one-half furlongs, selling—Boome
r»rk won. Bard of Avon second. Hand Vice
third. Time, 1 :0SV
Th« Fairview stakes for 3-year-old*, selling,
HCrfiO add«l. one mile— John Yerkes won. King
J5ramb!» wcond, Greenock third. Time, 1:41. <
Handicap, one mile and a. Fifteenth— Intrusive
won. Gonlaloa eecond, Kadford third. Tinpe,
l:«6%.
Baby liill won tne steeplechase 'over the
snort course, with The Cad second. The
(--towards were not s^tisfi^d with the rid
ing of Carson on the latter. an«i they had
both the jockey and tho trainer of the
hrsrJ«e, Wheeler, before them after tne
race. They decided to look more fully
Into the matter, and further investigation
was postponed until to-morrow. Results:
SARATOGA. N*. Y.. Aug. 21.— The West
ern three-yea r-old John Yerkos defeated
King Bramble by the shortest of heads in
the Falrview stake?, a selling affair at a
mile. The pair racr-d in closo company,
and it was due more to the superior fln
lshing powers of Turner over Mitchell
than superior ability on the pr.rt of John
Verkes that caused him to win. The vic
tory wan a costly one for the owners ot
tne winner, Robinson & I^oach. for Verkes
was bid up to JiViy by Sam Hildreth, own T
er of Kins liramblo. an advance of $1500
over his enterod selling price.
Selling, one ir.!Ie and arrraty yards— Princs
Real won, Ladas second. Gilbert third. Time,
1:46V«.
Five fur!or.s*-La Desirous wen. The Thrush
second. Harry K (third. Tim*. 1:CIV
Six and a half furlor.ffs— Ned U'ickea won
Tree Lady second. Eleanor Hoiiia-s third'
Time, l:?! 1 *.
One mile and a quarter-Tom r,n m ore won.
Tifrrig second. Pinar d^l Rio third. Time
One mile— Zaza won. Pprir.jr second Belle
Fimpeon third. Time, l-.iz^.
Feven furlongs— Julietta B won, lligs Theresa
second. Ke^thlrx third. Time. 1:30.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 2L— -«.hree favorites and
three second choices raptured the card to
<iay. Ned Wickes was heavily played to
v.in the concluding race. He tip-toed his
l;*»ld ar.d won in a gallop from Free Lady
The betting ring was severely scorched by
"U'ickes" victory. Summary:
Hindoonet proved to be the good thing
In the second race, although he had not
parted for many months. He opened at
7 to 1. but was quickly cut to 5 and then
to 3U at post time. On account of Es
; linage's refusing to break the field of
« :ght was held at the post for fifteen
minutes, and *he was finally left. Hin
doonet was .->ff none too well, but raji
it round his field with ease and won pulled
vp. with 1^. T. Caton an easy second and
Slosa Diah third. Summary:
Pine furlonjs— ItuFtic Girl won. Searcher eec
ond. Matin third. Tim*'. I:f4%.
Fix lurlonr? — Hindoonet won, L. T. Caton
t'-eond, Rosa. IMah tblrd. Time. 1:17^.
Five and a half furlcngs— Woodstock won,
lattus (inond. Hurry third. Time, 1:10%.
Steeplechase. *hort cours»— l'asse Partout
v or.. <Jlotx» II second. Reno thirl. Time. 3:19*^.
<>ne mile and a half- Fox Hard won, Ad
lr>fjs second. Stuttgart third. Tim*. 2:44.
1 >r* tnile— Fatroor. won, Pieiaar second Jim
\V third. Time. 144>i.
Six furlongs— Peace won, Tame Irishman sec
ond. The MugcanJ third. Time, r IS u
CHTCAGO. Aug. 21.— fcearrher. a warm
favorite in the flm race. lost through a
t- n-.::rkanle occurrence. The speedy coit
¦was= coming faf=t and would have over-
Taken Rustic Girl in the stretch. When
about LOO yards from the wire he stopped
ti> kick at Matin, who was close on his
heel?. This action caused the favorite to
l^se several lengths, and he was unable
;o ovrrtake Rustic Girl, although beaten
only by a ha!f-!ength.
BY STOPPING TO
KICK SEARCHER
LOSES THE RACE
Six furJonps. sellinp— Annie Lauretta won
Hungarian second, Cherryhead third. Time,
Six and a half furlonps. selling— Pearl won,
Rry Falazar second. Heist third. Time, 1:IS<4
Pix furlongs. soiling— Intent won. Eleven
BfUs second. Fackhen third. Time. l:lSVi.
P!x and a half furlongs, selling— Palvado won,
By George perond. Jucoma third. Time. 1:£6!£,
Weather threatening, track heavV. Re
sults:
<~*n- mile, selling— Fpauldr II won. Give and
Take second, Wllkerson third. Time, 1:47.
Five furlong, ?e!!lng-;«cnteh Bramble won.
H<=Jen Graham second. Tempt third. Time.
The amateur physician admitted tho cir
cumstances under which the morphine
was administered, telling the police that
Barry insisted upon taking the drug to
alleviate the Intense pain he was suffer
ing.
"It was a matter of precaution." ex
plained the Coroner, "that I reported the
case to tbe* police. Barry was unconscious
and had all the symptoms of morphine
poisoning when I was called to assist in
trying to save his life. Not b»-ing accus
tomed to the drug, it had a very *pcciXy
effect upon him. I do not beli.-ve there la
anything of a criminal nature in the case.
Of course a positive decision as to the
cause of death will rest upon the result
of the autopsy."
Barry was 3ft years old. Oomrrford re
sides at 40U Telegraph avenue. His repu
tation Is good, and he has been steadily
employed an a watchman at Piedmont.
He Is greatly shocked at the outcome of
his effcrt to relieve his friend's trouble.
The police were notified by Coroner
Mehrmann of the circumstances of tho
case and Comerford was sent to the City
Prison.
"That will fix your pain for you," saiJ
Comerford, after he had injected a quan
tity of the diluted morphine into Barry's
arm. It did "fix" the sufferer with ;i
vengeance, for very quickly he went into ."i
stupor. Comerford became alarmed ant
had the saloon-keeper takrn to his room.
Dr. Mehrmann and ilt-lnle were hur
riedly summoned. For live hours. th.*y
worked over the drugged man, but Ihfl
dose had been sufficient to end his life,
and after all their labors he succumbt.il
at 4:30 o'clock this afternoon.
Knowing something about the soothing
effects of the drug and having a supply
on hand Comerford suggested that Barry
take a "shot." >
Comerford was a frequenter of Karry'3
saloon. This morning Comerford heard
Barry complaining of feeling ill. The
saloon man said he had very severe pair.s
in his stomach and believed he was suf
fering because of something he had eat :n
last night. As the day wore on Harry bt
came worse and renewed his eomciair.ts.
Comerford was arrested as soon as the
fatal result was known. He is held un
der detention pending the result of polico
inquiry and the Coroner's investigation.
There is nothing of criminal intent so
far as has been discovered in the affair,
Comerford telling a straight story of the
Henry A. Barry, a suloon-kcoper at
Thirty-ninth street and Telegraph ave
nue, was killed to-day by a hypodermic
injection of morphine administered by
Richard Comerford in an attempt to re
lieve Barry, who was suffering from se
vere abdomina^ cramps. The dose ot tho
drug was so great and the patient was
so quickly overcome that physicians' ut
most efforts failed to save his life.
Oakland Office San Francisco Cail.
111S Broadway, Aug. 21.
GIVEN A FATAL
MORPHINE DOSE
FOR HIS CRAMPS
The county fight resolves Itself down to
a contest between the Enquirer and Judge
Nusbaumer. The Enquirer attacks Judge
Nusbaumer upon every opportunity, and
Judge Nusbaumer retaliates by trying to
defeat every candidate supported by :he
Enquirer.
tee, which Is controlled by Nusbaumer
absolutely, will hold until September 1.
and will keep control of the judicial. Sena
torial and Supervisorial conventions.
Meanwhile the Interest in the approach-
Ing county primaries is very largely
eclipsing the Congressional convention
to-morrow. Deals an-1 trades are beitis?
made, and the situation of one day is not
necessarily the situation of the next. As
an Instance the Supervisorial fight In 'lie
Fifth District, two days ago. was center^
in the Forty-ninth Assembly District.
Yesterday It was centered in the Second
Ward.
I5.~RKKLET. Aug. TL — Among the many
Ftndents who have received important po
f:*ions since graduating from the college
< f :r.ir.!ng at the University of California
is AlphouF Fuller Williams of the class
« f ISSg, who has beon appointed assistant
genera] rmnagcr of the De consol
id&ted mines, limited, at, a salary of $0000
a year. The IV Bwrs Company controls
i-'rfax. diamond properties at Kimberley,
t- oth Africa.
Aftor thp relief of Kimberley Gardiner
V. WilliamF, general manager of tbe De
H<^ort= minpf. was called to Cape Town.
r.::d his son. A. F. Williams, was left in
:harg* of the diamond works. Mr. Wil
liams Sr. is a!«=o a graduate of the State
University, having received his A. B. in
A. F. Fuller wrrtrp of his experiences
during the siege of Klmberley to Profe?
:-r S. B. Christy, dean of the onlloge of
raisins at the university: "We liaa a
pretty bad time of It here during those
terrible days of shelling. We lost a lot
of good men. and most of all an American,
George Labran. chief engineer of the De
Beers Company. He had just gone to his
room to dress for dinner when a 100-pound
shell entered hi? room and exploded.
'"One morning while we were in our
cabin a shell oxplodcd over the house, but
did little or no damage except a few holes
In the roof and the smashing of some
window glass.
'"Fout months passed and our food was
running short, sickness was everywhere,
but we could do nothing, and so far as we
could lc-nrn relief was no nearer than it
was on December 1, when Lord Methuen
hnd his big fight at Modder River. On
th*» mornir.pc of February 15 the 100-pound
pun stopped firing and in the evening Gen
eral French entered the town with about
fooo mounted men. relieving Klmberley.
nftpr 124 days of Imprisonment. As soon
as po«=«=iHe the mines were started run
nir.g again."
AiPHETTS FULLER WILLIAMS.
(Boye & Habenlcht.)
The preliminary examination of Al
Moody, the jockey, on the charge of
assault to, murder for shooting Mrs. Lulu
Roylance on the morning of July 4. was
concluded before Judge Cabaniss yester
day afternoon and he was held to answer
before tho Superior Court in $3000 bonds.
His preliminary examination on a similar
charge Tor shooting H. J,. Adams at the
same tlnio was commenced^ the evidence
V-olng the same. It will be continued to
day.
Mo.odyHeld to Answer.
WILL NOMINATE
METCALF WITH
NO OPPOSITION
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway. August 21.
The Congressional Convention of the
Third Congressional District will be held
to-morrow (Wednesday) morning in Ger
mania Hall in this city. In Itself the con
vention will not be very «:xciting, for
Victor H. Metcalf wiil be renomlnated
for Congress without opposition, but there
are some little matters connected with the
new Republican Central Committee that
is to be chosen that will make the session
of more than the prospective formal In
terest.
There will be the renominatlon of Victor
H. Mrlcalf by acclamation and a reaffir
mation of Republican doctrine by the con
vention. All of this wiil be a matter of
lorm. for every delegate is pledged to Mr.
Metcalf. Two years ago Mr. Hilborn
secured a split delegation in the Fiftieth
Assembly District, though the Hilborn
delegates all voted for Metcnlf. This year
there is not even a split delegation.
But after the Congressional Convention
is all over, and the nomination of Mr.
Metcalf has been mad?, there remains the
fight for the control of the Republican
County Central Committee. This com
mittee Ts to be cho?<>n. throe from eacli
Assembly district, and it iooVs v*>ry much
asf if each side would control nine mem
bers and that neither side would have an
absolute control.
Dr. Pardeo jind Guy C. Karl w!U con
trol the delegations from the Fiftieth and
Fifty-first Assemhlv districts, giving
them six men to br~in with. Judgp Nus
haumer will control thht from the Forty
ninth District, giving him threo m-n.
Thon will come the delegation from th«.'
Forty-sixth District. That will be con
trolled by W. T. Harris of Pleasanton.
In the Forty-seventh District. Joseph R.
Knowland. State Senator Taylor and J. B.
Lanktrep will control, and while their
general sympathies ire with the Nus
baumer faction, they are somewhat Inde
pendent in their movements. Then corner
the Forty-eighth District. That Is con
trolled by Joseph Kelly, present Assem
blyman. Kelly has always affiliated with
the Nusbaumer element, but he was sup
ported by Fnrdee and Dalton and it is
presumed that he will throw his delega
tion with that of the Fiftieth and Fifty
first districts. That will make the align
ment exactly even; with nine men for
each side as a general proposition.
However, the present County Commit-
Must -Return Decoration Awarded
Him by France or He May Be
Removed From Office.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 21.—' In accepting
the decoration of the Legion of Honor
from the French .Government, Commis
sioner General Ferdinand \V. Peck has
violated the constitution of the United
States. He must return the decoration or
If complaint is made against him It will
be the duty of the President to remove
him from office.
This is the view of officials of the ad
ministration who have considered the
constitution in connection with Mr. Peck's
acceptance of the award of the French
Government. Assistant. Commissioner
General "Woodward, who was als^o decor
ated by the French Government, will have
to return iho decoration or he will be
liable to suffer the same penalty which
may bo meted put to his superior.
COMMISSIONER PECK
VIOLATED CONSTITUTION
UNITED WORKMEN CELEBRATE
THEIR SILVER JUBILEE
No Fraud in Reavis' Estate.
United States Circuit Judj*o Morrow
handed down an opinion yesterday dis
missing the action of Thomas M. Keavis
and others against David M. Reavls,
Crawford W. Clarke and others, the com
plainants having failed to prove their
case. The action was brought by thp
complainants as heirs at law of Andrew
Renvis, deceased, to have the court de
clare in favor of the complainants' claim
to property in Lassen County valued at
Three soldiers assaulted two women
whose names are still unknown to the
police at the corner oi "Taylor and Union
streets shortly before 11 o'clock Sunday
night. The cries of the women alarmed
the neighborhood a.nd caused much com
motion. After the uniformed brutes made
their escape from an angry mob of cit
izens who went to the scene to rescue
the women, they are supposed to have
continued their Journey out Union street,
where they attempted to break into a
house at 8 Olive court, but were fright
ened away by the report of a revolver.
j On Sunday night the two women, who
are sisters, were passing along Union
street. They had reached the corner of
Taylor when the three 'soldiers suddenly
sprang out from a vacant lot and seized
them. One of the women was successful
In making her escape. She dashed up the
hill between Taylor and Jones and rant
the door bells of the residences in th»:
neighborhood, at the same time screa.m
ing for hejp. The first house the frantic
woman reached was that of Captain
James McDoru-id, at 912 Union street. His
family heard the woman's cries,, but be
fore they could reach the door she had
continued on -up the street. She pulieo.
the doorbells of several other residences
and brought the occupants to their win
dows. Most of the people who heard the
disturbance had disrobed for the night
and they were some time in reaching th»
street.
In the meantime a Union-street' car
came In sight from the ferries. The
woman, seeing it, rushed to the middle
of the track, frantically waving her arms.
"When the car stopped she informed Con
ductor P. J. Foley that three soidiers
were beating her sister, and he started
back for the scene, armed with an iron
bar. Before he reached the snot several
citizens came along, and he, leaving the
woman in their charge, hastened back to
his car. Foley paid:
"The woman knelt down and with up
lifted hands bogged me to come to the
assistance of her sister. Her appeal was
so piteous that I could not resist. She
was greatly excited. She fairly ran back
to the spot, but as other people came to
her rescue I went back to my car. I saw
the three soldiers at the corner."
It appears that when the soldiers saw
the women returning with the citizens
WOMEN ATTACKED
BY SOLDIERS ON
STREET CORNER
CALIFORNIAN BOY IN
SIEGE OF KIMBERLEY
they made their escape. .The woman who
had been held and beaten by them rushed
oft in another direction as soon as she
was free and her sister followed. No one
was able to learn the name of either. A
search of the premises afterward showed
that the woman held by the soldiers had
been dragged on the ground for several
feet.
In less than one hour afterward two
soldiers attempted to enter a house at S
Olive court, a small alley off Union
street, between Laguna and Buchanan.
The police believe that they are the same
parties that assaulted the women on Tay
lor street.
THE SAN FJl ANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 22, 1 900;
tember 9. She Is' to receive J19IX a week during h<?r engagement— the highest
salary ever pnicl here for such services. Mrs. Davis" rendition of *'O. Promise Me"
has made of that song almost a classic. It was written especially for her by Hcg
lnald de Koven and by her Interpolated In "Robin Hood."
9THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 22, 1900.
10
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
trCSXXESS OFFICE cf The Ean TranctKco
Cr.U. corner of Market acl Third streets, open
end! 12 o'clock ever?' nlgrht In the year. . ' ,.:V : .
BRANCH CFFICES~«7 Montgomery street,
comer Clay; oren until 9:30 p. tn.
300 Haye? Ftreet; cr^n until 9:30 p. m.
429 McAllister Ftreet; cpen ur.tll 9:30 p. m.
€15 I-arlc'.n etreet; open uctll 9:S0 p. m.
3S<1 Mif ion etreet: open until 10 p. m.
rifl M.-.rk-t etreet. corner Sixteenth; open
trtll 5 cm.
j:< Eleventh street; open ur.tll 5 p. m,
100S Valencia street; oj>»a uctll 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty -second and Ken-
t-iefcy nreet?; cr*>n until 9 p. m. -'¦':>
MEETIXG AOTICES.
iloSxT^JORIAII ~£2jLce~xZr*Z~F and a
A. M.— Meeting THUS 'WEDXF-SDAT)^^
i:vi;xiNG, at 7:So o'clock. Third de-T&if
ere*. tht;o. frolich. s&c. i
CROCKETT Lod.e No". 139. F. and A. a I
M — D. 23 THIS EVENING. Auit. 21. at *V !
7:30 o'clock. By order of the W. M. /S_5f I
H. FORTRIEDE. Sec. /V > I
EXCELSIOR L^dse No. ICC. F. and A. t> I
M.— Special meeting THIS <WEDXE.S-__fV, I
DAY) EVENIN'O, Auj. __. at 7:S«7S3C
O'clock. Second <iepre«. >
THBO. E. FMITII. Sec.
SSISPION Lcwipe Xo. ICs! F\ and A. *»
U.— Called m«*rtin«r THIS |WEDKES-_A_
DAY) EVENING, at ':Z:> o'clock. Third 1£_K
decree. GEO. D. FLACK, See /V>
1<~> c!i plaFteivrs— Having affiliated with ths j
r,at» Lodpe No. C6 will np»n its charter for I
S'"i -lays' at regular Initiation fee. All are in-
rtted to Join. It DOWNING, Pros.
A. FALK. Secretary.
BnCOP.ATORS are requested to submit fsealed
proposals for W.0C5 lar.tems. Eepar&te pro-
l^f.oJs fnr 19-lnch snrt 12-ir;ch lanterns, to
CHAA. I!. TURNER. Merchants' Kxohanjre.
before 12 m. Thursday. Augxift "J. mo.
FT^KHOLDEUS' meeting— The California I
Drrflork Company.— Notice is hereby given I
that a rr.retirs of the Stockholders of the The |
C:,;;fcrn!a DrydV^ck Company will be held at
i!i» office of Faid coirpar.y. No. 202 California j
vtnet. Baa Franclw-o. California, on THURS-
DAY, Anjrrat 20. ltw. et the hour of II o'clock
ii. m ct that day. for. the ptrrpoM of deter-
roinins whether «aM corporation ehall be <!!•-
r->!vcd. nrsd cf v<~tins upen a proposition to
«:;f--o;v<> thi" corporation, ana fcr the trans-
ani~n of such other busings ee may come
l>p'r>re the meeting. Bv order cf the board o?
director?. W. F. RUSSELL*
SeortstT The California Drydock Company.
THE annual nifctinp of the BtoektKltdeza of th>»
IMrSfie Viidertaker' will t»? held at No. 777
Misstoa ft . Kan Francisco, Cal., THURS-
J.'AY. Aupust IS. 1K0. at S o'clock p. m.. tor
the election of directors fcr th«" e,nFulcg term
r y-laws reduclnsr ine number of directors
frcm 9 to 7, and the transaction of such othT '
bceinea as may come before the meetintr. !
Transfer book* will clone Monday. August j
§20. :!"-•©. nt 4 o'clock p. in. Uy order of the
board of directors. j
M. C. GORIIAM. Secretary- ;
AGEXTS WAXTED. j
AGENTS wanted to Fell patent rijrht; pood ar-
ticle: larjre wa?es; no fake. Call Wednesday
at BSEH Howard *t.
AOEXTS nf ability arid experience In life Insur- j
nr.ee. Call at nxra 1<">. i>;7 Market, cor. Sixth, j
VTE handle newest neve'.t:*? for apents. PA-
CIFIC AGENTS' SUPPLY CO.. S461 18th st.
ASTUOLOGY.
!5MR. HICKEY. aftrolcplst: get your horoscope |
with f'jU explanation of your futur?. 50c; card j
r-'.T'.intT cr.d pplm'.sxry. 2.V-. 19S* Missicn Et. '
ATTOnXEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a Fpecialty; private; j
no fpo without success; collections. G. W.
HOTTE. stty &t law, &y> Market. cor.Stockton. j
ADVICE free; B. w. KING, i>27 Market St.. r.
CT; all cases and collections, money loaned.
FUEE r.dvice: divorce laws, damages, estates.
collection?. J. A. Mitchell, 314 Montgomery, j
I
AI»VICE fr*" 1 ; no charpi* unless 6ifccessful. W. I
W. DAVIDSON 1 , :-27 Market et.. opp. Mason, j
J_. f=. ClsARK, Emma SpreckeJs bide.. SI7 Mar- |
ket st.; consultation free; no fees In advance. |
CUSTER. HERMAN J.. attorney, ?27 Market !
st.. r. nc.i: oiwn eve.. 7-S: consultation free. \
DATH CAB HOSTS. \
JIOBINSON 13 4- panel foldir.fr; door opens; firm j
; ::d <-afe. W. S. HHOWN. pen, agt.. 4IG Kills. |
IllSIMJSS C1IANCES.
J_; _j . , _^_ j
A— J.".CO; STATIONERY, notions, cigar store, in j
__tort, a eer.eral bazaar, witn living rooms; |
;¦ w 1'^nt: Ttiust be told in 3 days; Vy k at the j
t'ork and rr.aUe offer. Call II. G. WILKE, i
LO'-i Kearnjr et. j
A— JlOvO; BAKERY. 2 blocks south cf Market j
Ft.; place e: t.ib. v'arf: doln? a good. business; j
all etore trade; rent J42: IS to 2 barrels per I
day. Particulars H. G. WILKE. J6V4 Kearny. I
J. — j:.Si'; CORXGR ealoon In wholesale district; j
?¦•¦tab. many years and dolnu a grood business; !
rer.t jr-O; a first-class proposition. Call R. G. |
WILKE. _6'-i Kearny st.
A— AGENT wanted for manufacturing busi- j
necs; <-a;>Jtal rift-ded about JlooO; no opposi- j
tbatk on this coast; about 40 per cent profit: j
manulacturer from Oregon here now to give
coBtractt for I years. Call It. G. WILKE.
L'CS Kearay Et.
A— IT'O; CANDY st<,re and ice cream parlor in \
Oakland: beautifully furnished and a No. 1 i
paying* busimss; r*-nt $00; owner compelled j
by ill htalth lu retire, bee. R, G. WILKE. '
_b'*i Kearr.y Et.
A— SS90; CORNER grocery and bar; one block
south of Market and Fifth st*.; rent $45; a
jrocd corner: al! <ash trade, mostly In bar.
Cail It. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny st.
A— J700: SALOON, with pool table; close to 1
CrJl bldff. ; rent $C5; a eplendld location and j
jrood paying business. Call H. G. WILKi:. !
:.-S'~ Kearny et.
A— }2(K-: RESTAURANT and chophouse on w_,-
ter front; rent $1S;/ bargain, it. G. WILKE,
1I6 1 ; Kearny ft. j
A— J12C-0— OLD-KSTAB. restaurant; close to
Chronicle building; average receipts about
?60 per day; rent $7^; a splendid offer; owner
will aliuw 5 days' trial. Call R. G. WILKL!,
_€*» Kearny st.
|lC'>0 — COUNER procery and bar; bargain; this
day. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777H Market st.
H'.'O — fHOE store; n»ar city; making ttnd re-
; airiasr. McLAUGHLIX & CO.. 777'. Market.
jr.0— BUTCHER shop; nrar city; paying busi-
ness: richness cause, of sale. McliAUGIILIX
fe CO.. 777H Market ct. ¦
I110O— TRIAL civtn; saloon near Market St.; i
liarp-sin: Kc'.r.g East cause of sale. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 7771. Market et.
?>-¦& — I'AETXEK wanted; barber business and
bill'ard rarlors; prosperous country town.
Mclaughlin & co.. 7774 Market st.
Iw*-REs7AUUA.VT; centrally located; doing
pood business. M. LESS. 17 Fourth et.
$".0— RRANCH bakery and delicacy store; llv-
lng Mom?. M. LESS. 17 Fourth Bt_ !
EXCELLENT opportunity to buy a bona fld»
business In th<* heart of city; old-establlshel
and larfre profits; books open for Inspection; I
owner rttirinc; bargain. Le.ne & Co.. SCi Mkt. !
$2.VW — COAL ar.d f«-«>d y*rd and express busi-
ness; 4 horpr* and 5 wagons; good building;
¦ livlr.p rooms; Ion*? lease.; excellent chance;
good location. _3o5 Sixteenth st.
DRI'G store, all complete for business, for I
sale cheap. Usi Bush st.
CROCERY fitore and contents; cheap; rent
only 112. including living rooms. 1916 Howard.
t-M — FINK corner saloon for sale. 1119 Harri-
eon Ft., corner Langton.
GOOD !«c restaurant for sale; central location;
no agents, lioi 1CS0. Call.
"WANTED— To buy etationery etor» lor cash.
Box ;C7S. Call.
tliO— BIG restaurant; complete; rent paid; now
closed. Call 120 liattery et., 3 to 5.
WANTED
Two to three thousand dollars to Invest In the
rranulacturinjr and sale of three of the very
lx-(.t money. making devices in the United
Mates; a fortune 19 the rtgnt party of either
pex; none but principals need answer; thor-
ough investigation solicited. Address box 163J
CORNER grocery an<5 bar for sale; location
cne of the best in the city; barsaln; ehtab-
!!sh«! 15 years: rent cheap. For particulars
ca.il at room <S7, fourth floor, Parrott build-
inc, San Francieco.
TO rent — FVr coal yard, milk depot, etc • fine
locat'.cn; place Is entirely coxered; contains 3
ftal!*: rent only Jlil; water free. Inquire WM
HENDRICKSON & CO.. C14 Call building. „"
SALOON' and cafe, centrally located; great op-
portunity for live man; must !*• seen to be
Eprrexlated. Address box 1SS1, Call of fie?.
J300— GOOD paying infat market in the Mission;
»-«:ab!it-lied i yearn; must be sold at once
Uox JC.?, Call.
UHANCH bakery, candies, delicatessen; estab-
lished £ years; splendid trade; trial given. 2760
Mission et.
O7STER and chop houre for Kale cheap on ac-
oount of sickness. Inquire at 6 Eighth et. ¦
VALUABLE money-making Invention; H share
tlOcO. Iloo-a Zf. Windsor Hotel. Market st.
ti5— STAMP photo outfit. Call £30 Elizabeth
Etreet.
FOR cale— Restaurant. IC24 Hyde et., across
from garhouse; very cheap.
COFFEE end tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO., 412 Sacramento st
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— XUEDO & DUTTON S6 GEARY ST.
TEL. BLACK 5052.
10 rooms; fine for full house. .% 1750
4 rooms; rent $10 250
KREDO & DUTTON.
A — $;000; bay-window corner: north of Market;
C5 rooms. KREDO & DUTTON.
A— 45 rooms; Bouth of Market: new 52500
15 rooms; pays well 500
10 rooms; Geary st 750
KREDO & DUTTOX.
A— flSOO; hotel; 25 rpoms; modern and elegant;
* clears J2iO per month; strictly first-class.
KREDO & DUTTOX.
MARION GRIFFIN
719 Market st.. room 1. Tel. Black 1803.
I have a long list. Following are samples:
34 rooms, modern, flrst-clasn, sunny corner;
mortgagee forces sale this week; '.£ of cost.
16 rooms. ',-. cash; transient; central $4."0
46 rooms; table beard; rent $75: paying.... 2S00
14 rooms; corner; rent JW; a mint, 750
21 rooms; A Xo. 1 bon ton; corner 1100
15 rooms: must sell: transient; make offer..
63 rooms; fine; clean: 4 blocks X of Market 3400
16 rooms; new fur.; full; low rent; sunny..
24 rooms and offices; fine business 2750
13 rooms; rent $45; sunny;. snap 650
HOUSES- FROM 6 TO 250 P.OOMS.
Prices from ?lf>0 to J10.000.
26 rooms; fine corner; clears $200 $1700
SO-room house; clears $300 17C0
3fi rooms; fine corner; clears $100 10C0
12 rooms: on Post ft.: half payments 550
4<>-room house on Powell st 2iW)
10 rooms; new; clegar.t furniture 5^0
S-room flat; downtown 400
DECKER. 1010 Market St.; phone Mint 796.
LIST TOITH HOUSES "WITH ME. I HAVE
BUYERS WAITING WITH CASH. DECK-
ER. 1029 Market st.
A— 22-ROOM rooming-house; central $1000
11-rcom house: 1300 down, balance easy.. -00
2f'-room hou?e; first-class 30.11
30-roo:n house; all newly furnished 5101
11-roorn bouse, ?17.". C-room flat £23
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st.
HOUSES from 10 to ISO rooms; pood locations;
honest value, perfect title guaranteed to buy-
ers: money loan?d; to buy or sell your lodging
house cr furniture and secure satisfaction
write or call PCHWEIN1IARD & CO., 917
Market Et., above Fifth: tel. Mint 1311.
GOOD-PAYING restaurant; north of Market;
will exchange for lots or lodging-house; will
p.ty cas'.i difference
C-room furnished Rat: exchange for Jarger
hou f<». E MERY & SMITH. 3 Eddy st.^
FOH Fal»— Account of sickness; 9-room house,
newly furnished; 5 steady roomers; pays rent;
homelike: no reasonable offer refused. 1212
Howard et. : no agents.
$300—17 ROOMP: rent $30; 5200 down, balance In-
stallments. 2SU Clay st.
CAKItlAGKS AXD WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wajron?, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON'. 2117 Mission st.
AN A Xo. 1 express wagon, single, also liRht
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW &¦ 2d-hanu wagons. buRpies. carts & har-
ness, work A driving horses. 15th fc Valencia,
CAMPAIGN PHOTO HtTTOXS.
MF'Y cf all kinds of photo buttons and Jewelry:
wholesale and retail: send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. 933 Market St.. S. F.
CARPET BE.ITIXG AM) CLEANING.
WHEN you become dijsusted with poor work
sor.d to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, 253-C57 Teharr.a St.; tel. South 40-
JTmcCjUEEX'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 22S; lowest rates.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beatlr.ff and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Pteam Carpet-Beatln,? Works, O. H.
STEVENS, myr.. 3S-40 Sth st.; tel. South 250.
CARPETS c>aned at 3c per yard, laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Butter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM.- proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave. ; telephone East 12C.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$12 — COMFORTABLE sunny cottage, 6 rooms;
vard. P.ailroad ave.. off. Dolores Et.; key at
-"79 Seventeenth Et.
SUNNY cottage. 212H Perry St.; rent reason-
able. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Mont-
gomery Bt.
SPIKITUALIS3I.
ARRIVED — Mrs. Dr. Farnham, world-renowned
spiritual medium; advice In all affairs of life;
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the separat-
ed; mining a specialty: cirs. Sun.. Wed., Fri.
eve's; come and be convinced. (Permanently)
513 Eddy, bti. Hyde and Larkln: no sign.
SPIRITUAL meeting to-night; convincing test;
8 r>. m. MRS. MAXWELL, 1238 Howard.
Readings dally.
GO to WATSON, spiritual medium and palmist;
lucky and true; 25c, 50c. 15S1 Market, nr. 12th.
MRS. KOTTER. 34 Sixth St., circle to-day. 2 &
8 p. m.; 10c; sittings daily; G.. $1; L.. 00c.
MRS. LESTER, circle this evening. 8 o'clock;
10c; sittings dally. 50c. 127 Turk Ft.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, Bit. daily: convinc'g tests to-night 10c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, teat, business
medium, life reader; sittings Jl. 1104 Market.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, bom with double veil & second sight,
c^agnos^s disease with life readings: ladies50c:
gents $1; palm. & rlair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk Bt.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, opp.
Cth: private readings daily 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium and
healer; satisfaction guaranteed. 132 Cth. r. _.
MME. HANSON, palmistry. r«rd reader: past,
present, future, 25c. 14S Sixth St., room 14.
MME. ZEREDA, th« gypsy. Is the great palmist
and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh St.; no sign.
A GYPSY, genuine clairvoyant, located 10 days
942 Mission; ladles. 25c; gents, 50c. Frawley*.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 2T,c. 1143 Mission.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212',. Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advloe: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE — Cradle to grave: future hua-
band's picture. 20c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell Bt.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market St.
DENTISTS.
AT the E1>ECTRO^DENTAL~CLINIC,'R09 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns,
$3 !iO up; plates, extractions fre», $4 £0 up: of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D., Manager.
A— DR. V. CAVALSKY has returned from
the Paris Exposition with some of the finest
patents for painless dentistry, plates, teeth
without a plate, crown and bridge work; all
wcrk warranted; plates, full set, $5; fillings,
EOc; crown, $3 50. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 6th.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful cecret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
I>R. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell et.
CROWN and bridge work experts; our work Is
unexcelled and at lowest prices; call and Bee
our samples and get our prices before going
elsewhere; best of references; examined free.
DRS. PERKIXS & DOVAY, 1039 Market et.,
between Sixth and Seventh: elevator.
TEETH extracted free; plates, $5; crowns, $3 50;
bridpework. $5; all the latest methods for
painless dentistry; hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
Modern Dental Parlors, 1206 Market, cor. G. G.
DR. LUDUrjI HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— Xo charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
frcm $S per set; extracting, EOc; gas given.
DR. ALBERT HILL, S50*~Market. cor. Stockton,
Ifor a perfect set of teeth and teeth without
plates; lowest prices for best work.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearnj-, cor. Bush-
Full »et of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
VAX VROOJJ— "Painless"; evenlngR and Sun-
dnys. 1001 Market f?t., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUXO. 1341 Polk Bt.
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pagen. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Post. Flllmore—
Advice and medicine. 75c; city visits, tl-oO; all
animals treated; docs boarded. Tel West 636.
DP_CREELY'SC. P. mange cure and worm pills
by druggists or at hospital. 510 Golden Gateav.
DItESSMAKEItS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery
School; patterns cut to order. 1019 Market st.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring and Mil-
linery School; French system. 411 Van X.e33.
ACCORDION pleating factors': all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
PARISIAN dressmaking-, SS7 Geary Bt.; dresses
made,- $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.*
J EinJCATIOXAL.
ATRES 1 Business College. 723 Market st-: life
scholarship, $.50; includes shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy; day and evening;
Just added, r.ew business practice offices and
20 new typewriters; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
. colleges: references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building^
FRENCH readings and dramatic art— Private
and classes taught by MISS BLANCH BOU-
VIERE, Lyceum Theater School of Acting,
310-312 O'Farrell Bt.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand: if you want to
learn In a limited time take private lessons
from an experienced teacher. M. W. COR-
NELL, room 03, Thurlow block, 126 Kearny.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial; private lessons: 8
j mos. In college not equal to 8 wks. with me:
| $25. TARR, expert accnt., 429 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mining., mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day, eve. rest. 1S64.
VAX PER XAILLEX SCHOOL. 833 Market.
ALL students but two taking full course this
y?ar got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUS1-
_NESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market s^
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLECE, 24 Post St.,
S. F. ; founded 1S63; 80-page catalogue freo.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkln—
All branches: thorough; positions secured.
PIANO and German: puril of Conservatory in
Lelrralc: lessons 75c. 820 Golden Gato ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc.. day or eve. ; S5 mo. 1024 Mission, nn. 6th.
LE JEUXE Art and Craft School: modeling,
designing, carving, all branches. 424 Pine st.
EMPLOVMKNT OFFICES.
I A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
j tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
' 421 Post fit, near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. ofjice — Best help
furn. : domestic sen". 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 42G Powe'.l.nr.Sutt-ir; tel.Black 5072.
JAPANESE ard Chinese Employment Office;
best help lura.: tel. John 2121. 8O6V4 Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
I>st hflp. 411V4 O'Farrell St.; xel. East 4?6.
j E3IPLOY3IEXX WANTED KEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situation;
j best of reference ; city or country. MISS
i CULLEN. C25 Sutter Bt.
GERMAN woman wants a place *in lunph-
hor.se, restaurant or boarding-house as wait-
ress or assist In kitchen, from 9 to 3. Please
call or address 2G4 First, nr. Folsom, upstairs.
COMPETENT and reliable woman wants posi-
tion as working housekeeper for general
housework In small family; good cook; city
references. 230 Fulton sL
MIDDLE-AGED lady desires position to assist
light housework: a good home desirable. Ad-
dress A. B., 216% Sixth St., room 5.
YOUNG lady of good family desires to pJve
lessons in different kinds of needlework. Box
1S71. Call office.
RESPECTABLE French woman wishes posi-
tion as cook. French Dairy, Cambridge St.,
¦ University Mound, San Francisco.
SITUATION wanted by a competent woman to
do housework; Jewish family preferred. 8
Hayes et.
i .
j WANTED — Work by day: housecleaning or
I laundry; $1 10 per day. M. J.. 2023 Mission Bt.
I FASHIONABLE dressmaker goes out by the
I day. Address 1111 Sutter Bt, room 39.
WOMAN wishes to go out by the day. washing
j or housecleanlng. Call at 611 Turk st.
YOUNG woman wishes situation for hause-
work and cooking. 1231 Market st.
BY young lady, position as companion to
elderly lady: good' mender, writer, reader,
etc.; best of references from former em-
ployers. Box 1*42, Call office.
YOUNG lady with a child wishes position as
housekeeper: city or country. Address 1045
Market st.
DRESSMAKER, one who understands both
tcilor and fancy suits, wants a few engage-
ments by th^ day. S29 Pine st.
YOUNG girl wishes a position to do general
housework. Address 4330 Seventeenth st.
WOMAN .wishes situation to do washing and
housework by the day. 2613 Pest st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night; $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmorp #t.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
suhscrintlons has been established at 1036
Valencia St.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED MALE.
STEADY, reliable young man. understands the
j care of horFes, desires a position as coachman
I or gardener; city or country; references. C.
] R. C, box 4611. pall office.
A — GERMAN man wishes a position as clerk
In grocery store and bar-room or as Janitor
and porter; good references. Box 1070, Call.
i GOOD middle-aged hotel waiter desfres steady
j (• position. Address H. KIEHL. 134 Fourth St..
I New Golden Gate Hotel.
BOY. 15. wishes home In private family, where
he may work for his board and clothes; city
or country. Address 40 Minna st.
BUTCHER— A man of good steady habits
wishes a situation In city or country: best of
reference given. Box 1677, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man, handy with horses and
tools, wants light work; no milking; good
I home the object. H. W.. 410 Sixth st.
LUM GONG, Chinese first-class cook, wants
position in boardtng-house. Address 744
Washington st.
I EXPERIENCED bookkeeper seeks a position
in city or country: Al references and bond;
willing to work in other capacities when re-
quired. Address box 1C35, Call office.
BOY. 16 years old. wishes position in a drug-
store; llvea with his parents. Apply 1222
Stelner Bt.. cor. Eddy.
NIGHT watchman with best references would
like a position. Address C. HARTMANX. 127
i Turk Et.
YOUNG, man. single, with best of city refer-
ences gardener, also other references, desires
piece. Address box 1957, Call.
WANTED— Charge of poultry plant; any ar-
rangements. Address box 1661, Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
justt'd. N. Manarse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FINANCIAL.
IF vou have stocks or bonds of any kind for
rale, call or address PACIFIC COAST UX-
DERWRITING CO.. B04 Parrott building.
FLATS TO LET.
A — 10 TO 30 days free; fiats and houses.
1694 Page; F., 4 r....J20 1990 Ellis; F., 6 r....$lS
1328B Hayes: F., 6 r. 20 53 Tremont av. ; c. 6r 20
1131 Geary; F., 7 r... 30 1630 G. O. av.; h. 8 r 30
1239 Leav'w'th: F. 8 r 3S 6C2 McAllister; h. 7 r. 38
Houses wanted. A. M. SPECIC & CO., 667
Market bt.
FINE flat, 7 rooms ard bath: modern improve-
ments. C25 Golden Gate ave. »
FIX\T of 3 rooms, sunny yard; water free. 425
Linden rvc
FLAT of 6 rooms and bath. Corner of Seven-
teenth and Collingwood sts. ,
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. lOMontgomery.
SUNNY corner bay-window flat. 7 rooms, bath,
stable; house of 5 rooms, basement, yard;
cheap. 1S76 Fifteenth St., near Dolores.
$8 — LOWER flat of 5 sunny rooms. 377 Sanchez
st. near Seventeenth.
furniture: foh sale.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $43 60, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131' Market.
FURXITURE— 8 nicely furnished rooms for
sale cheap. Call 38 Turk st.
FURNITURE WAXTED,
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.:
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1303 Larkinitel.Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought, spot cash.
$5000 worth of furniture, carpets, etc.. wanted.
M. SUversteln. 1121 Market; tel. Folsom 1105.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W..E. CODY (late- w»th J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel Red 3353.
HELP WAXTED-FEMALE. ,
WANTED— Experienced girls on. paper boxes;
good wages; steady employment. For full par-
ticulars apply to R. W. PRIDHAM. Los An-
geles, Cal.
EXPERIENCED operators on electric power
sewing machines on shirts .at GREENE-
BAUM. WEIL & MICHEL3. G31 Mlsslp-i at.
WANTED— Lady solicitors, city . and interior:
big money for active workers. Room 350, Phe-
lan building, San Francisco,, Cal.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO. ...TT... Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ••
Head waitress, first-class hotel, $3a; 0 wait-
resses, first-class : country hotels, $20; 4 wait-
resses, plain hotels, country. $20: 4 waitresses,
city, *20; 3 restaurant waitresses, $7: cham-
bermaid. $15; woman cook, springs. $40; wo-
man cook, mines, $30, fare -paid ••
...FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Dressmaker to go short distance In country,
$1 25 per day; ranch cook. Fame place. $20: 3
house girls. Alameda Co.. £20: 2 bouse girls,
Berkeley, $10; g'rl for second work, Graas
Valley, $20, choice place, fare paid; Swedish
or German girl for eecond work, San Rafael,
120; and 50 house girls, city and country
C. R. HANSEN & CO- 104 Geary Bt.
WOMAN bath attendant for springs; $25. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 peary St.
4 FIRST-CLASS waitresses for Salt Lake City.
Utah. $22 £0: waitress. Nevada, $25. C. K.
HANSEN & CO.. -104 Geary st.
AN experienced nurse, city. $25; must have
first-class references. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter at.
A— GERMAN cook, city, $35; 2 boarding house
cooks, city, $33 and $30; cook, boardlncr house,
Glenn County, $25, fare here. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter St. • '^ ¦',-,: ;¦"¦ - '"'¦ ¦¦"'•¦
WORKING housekeeper, Menlo Park. $15; 20
housework girls, city and country, $15 to $25.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
A— CHAMBERMAID. San Jose, $20. no walt-
lns. fare paid. MISS CULLEN. 225 Sutter.
WANTED— German cook, no wash, $35; Amer-
ican cook, no wash. $35: G cooks, small wash,
$30; restaurant cook, country, $35; hotel cook,
short distance, $35: cock and second girl,
game house, ?I5 and $20; cook and nurse girl,
same house, $25 and $20; nursery governess,
teach French and music, $25; assistant tallor-
ees, JS to $10 week; 2 seamstresses, $5 to $7
per week; ladles' maid for country, $23: and
a large number of girls for general house-
work. Apply to J. F. CROSETT, 316 Gutter.
NURSE, $25. one child; nurse, short distance, |
one child. $25: two second girls. $25 each: two :
cooks. $35 and $30; cook to go. to Tacoma, $3f>. I
faro paid; woman for light ctiamberwork, I
$10; 50 housegirls, city and country. $15. $20
and $25. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
YOUNG woman to assist with children and for
general housework; no washing: country,
¦wages $20. Call 8W Shrader St., between 11
and 22 a. m. ; Halght-st. cars.
I BRIGHT young lady f,or office work; must be
good penman. S. N. WOOD & CO., 71S Mar-
ket st.
WANTED— An energetic woman who has had
ecme experience In traveling: must be free to
engage for one year. Box 1675, Call office.
WANTED — A girl to do general housework In
an American family. Apply. 625 Guerrero St.,
before 12 o'clock.
EXPERIENCED operators on underskirts;
steam power; good pay. A. AARON, 573 Mis-
sion St.
WANTED— 4 colored women, with some stage
experience preferred. Address all communi-
cations to TIIOS. BARRY, 317 Sixth Bt.
WANTED — A lady as companion nnd lleht
housework; good -home; fair pay for right
party. Call after 2 p. m.. 116 Taylor st.
PRESSERS wanted on overshlrts. BUENNER-
ULMAN CO., 17 Battery' st.
OPERATOR; first-class on skirts. BOWHAY,
516 Sutter st. .
WANTED — Ironers and starchers. EUREKA
LAUNDRY. 20 Collingwood St.
WANTED— Sewers on ladles' wrappers: steady |
work; good pay. MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market.
WANTED — Lady tailoress on pants. 715 Valen-
cia St., near Eighteenth.
APPRENTICES for dressmaking: paid while
learning. 121 Post Bt.. room 49.
GIRL for light housework; small family; call
to-day, forenoon. 1P25 Ellis Bt.
GIRL wanted to assist in housework; sleep
home. 1010 Treat ave.
WANTED — Middle-aged Swedish or German
lady as companion. 654 Sixth fit.
NEAT girl; wash napkins, silver, etc.; short
hours. Restaurant, 2S First »t.
A NEAT young girl for light housework; $15.
2777 Twenty-fourth Bt.
WANTED — Girl for general housework; wages
$15; no windows. 1916 Ellis St.
NEAT young woman for general housework
and cooking; small family. 2047 Pine st.
WANTED— First-class \wUst hand. 1264 O'Far-
rell Et.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on custom coats; i
steady work; good wages. 461 Jessie st. "
GIRL for housework; small family; wages $15.
1943 Geary st.
GIRL about 15 years for light housework; good
homo. 1560 Webster St.
WANTED— An experienced waitress. 129 Eddy
st., U. S. Restaurant.
WAXTED— Good buttonhole makers on vests;
steady work. 821A Howard st. ; VII
WANTED— A small girl to assist light house-
work at 132 Olive ave.
GIRL to attend In a bakery. 142 Second st.
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework. Call
at S04 Turk St.
GIRL to assist with housework: no washing;
wages from ?10 to $12. 1323V4 Stelner st.
GIRL fnr dining-room and competent woman
as kitchen help; references. 418 Third st.
YOUNG girl or middle-aged woman for light
housework; good home. 946 Folsom st.
GIRL for housework. Ell Van Ness ave.
FINISHERS on pants; steady work. 858 How-
ard St.. bet. 4th and 5th. over handball court.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit;
canning and preparing; highest wages paid:
steady work: prizes for quick work. Apply
immediately to U. S. FRUIT PACKING CO.,
Harrison ave., between Seventh and Eighth
Ets., off Folsom.
WOMEN and girls for canning and preparing
fruit; steady work; highest wages. Apply
Callfornian Canneries Co.. Ltd., Brannan st.,
between Third and Fourth.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit:
highest wages paid at CODE-PORTWOOD
CANNING CO., Tenth and Bryant streets.
OPERATORS wanted on shirts; young girls
taught: steRdy work; best pay. BRENNER-
ULMAN CO.. 19 Battery *t.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gougli and Grove eta.
OPERATORS on muslin underwear; steam
power; constant work. G. W. REYNOLDS.
697 Mission St.. corner Second.
W'OOLEN mill help wanted— Boss finisher and
weavers on blankets: highest wages paid on
the const: correspondence confidential. Apply
J. ,W. COLLINS. 7 and 0 Battery St.. city.
GIRLS to rivet overalls; also sewing machine
operators, at Levl Strauss & Co.'s factory.
32& Fremont st. ; no experience necessary;
good wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— Protestant girl to assist in light
housework; good home; wages moderate. 72S
Guerrero st.. near Twentieth.
APPRENTICES In millinery store at C92 Mc-
Allister Kt. *
WANTED— An operator on coats; good .pay:
steady work. Box 1G53. Call. ¦¦
WANTED — Girl for second work and waiting.
1307 Hyde st. *
GIRL for light housework; good home; wages
$10. 138 Russ st.
"WANTED — At once, girls for dressmaking;
also light housework. 782 Van Ness ave.
WANTED— First-class dressmakers. 509 Halght
street.
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Fol.«om St., between 13th and 34th.
EXPERIENCED operators on negligee shirts;
cood pay. 27 Jessie St., ¦ fifth floor.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received nt Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore sU
HKLP WAXTED- -MALE.
to, tailors' cutters — a nrst-ciass cutter re-
quired; permanent position. -Apply botween
10 and 11 a. m. to CHARLES LYONS, the
I^ondon Tailor. 721 Market st.
GOOD steward wanted for, restaurant; must
have reference. Box 1669, Call office.
WANTED— Barber to buy 2-chalr shop; 3 living
rooms. 2144 Mission st. ' - ¦ ¦¦ ¦- -•-»¦¦:
BARBERS — Good paying, 3-chalr shop; fine op-
portunlty. DECKELMAN BROS., 100 Ellis.
GRADUATE optician (Al refractionlst), neat
appearance: elderly person preferred; salary
$10 week. Box 2261. Call office.
WANTED— 2 white bootblacks. $10 each per
week. 2.7 Montgomery st.
BARBERS— 2-chair shop for sale. 1 Spear St..
•near Market. " • " . - .
JEWELERS— 323 Bush st.*. thlrC floor, room 4.
HELP AVAXTED— 51 ALE.
A— C. RT3xANSEN^&~CoTrr^r. ''.^ . VST Geary^sT
200 teamsters, Nevada $2 a day
100 teamsters, Bakersfleld $2 a day
200 teamsters, Coast road $2 a day
20 tunnelmen for big tunnel, Chatsworth
Park, Los Angeles County, $2 to $2 50 a day..
Ship dally _ Office fee $1 Free fare
Camp blacksmith, $50; blacksmith, country
Bhop, $2 25 to $2 50 a day; 4 railroad bridge
riveters, 33c an hour; gardener and florist,
country. $35 and found; 6 quartz miners, $2 50:
6 coal miners, $2 50; 6 milkers, 123 and ?30;
planerman, 550; screw turner, $40; farmers,
choremen and others
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cook, country hotel, $55: second cook, res-
taurant. $65: oysterman, $40; pantryman, ?25;
4 bakers' helpers, $20 to $H0; lunchman, $35:
ranch cook, $20; 3 restaurant porters, $W and
$20; cake baker, WO; dishwashers, country
hotel. J20, fare advanced; dishwasher.'coun-
try hotel. $25
6 hotel waiters, country. ?25 and $30; 10 wait-
ers, restaurants, city, $30 to $40
Washer, hand laundry, $30, fare advanced;
washer, institution. $20
Shampoopr. Turkish baths, $40
C. II HANSEN & CO 104 Ueary St.
WANTED
Crosscut sawyer for San Mateo County, $33
and found and fare paid; blacksmith's helper,
Alameda County, J2 a day; G teamsters, city,
SI 75 a day; 6 ; laborers, city, - $1 75 a
day; laborer for foundry, $1 75 a day;
2 machine miners, $3 day; 2 hand miners, $2 50
day; coal miners, $2 50 day; choreman, $25;
vegetable eardener. same place. $25; restau-
rant cook. $40; • baker, country shop, $40;
oyster opener, $40; lunch counter man, $33 to
$10. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
WE SHIP TO-DAY '.
Kree fare Free fare
Railroad laborers for all parts of California,
some for Nevada and Utah; all laborers on
rock crusher, $1 75, $1 90 and $2 a day; com-
pany work; no contractors; office fee $1. W.
1>. EffKR & CO.. 610 Clay st.
AN all-winter's Job; 10 men handy with ham-
mer and saw, *40 and found, and 10 laborers
to help them. $33 and found; half fare paid
by company for above work. W. D. EWER
& CO.. C10 Clay st. •
i CARPENTERS, country buildings, $3 day; 2
carpenters, shed buildings, }3 day; 2 carpen-
terH' helpers. $2 day; circular sawyer, $3 50
day; band sawyer. $4 day; band resawyer. S3
day; edeerman. J3 «] a y; 3-planermen. $3 day
and 150 and board; 3 screw turners. V2 50 day
and $15 and board. J. i<\ CROSETT Agency,
62S t-'acramento st.
IRONER for laundry, $15 week; washer. $12
week; 2 American men to drive milk wagons,
$::0 and found f 10 men to pick fruit, $25 and
board; handy man for institution, $25 and
found; laborers for railroad, free fare: black-
smith. $2 day; a large number of men fnr
saw mills, woods und quarries. J. F.
CROSETT Agency, 62ii Sacramento Ft.
GARDENER and wife as cook, $S0; gardener
and wife as laundress. $50; Iandryman and
wife for Institution, $60; man and wife for
miners' boarding house as cook and helper,
$50; a large number of cooks, waiters and
dishwashers for restaurants and hotels. J.
V. CROSETT Agency. 623 Sacramento St.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
RELIABLE man to represent. In resident com-
munity, old established house, worth $250.0C0;
duties require hiring help, making collections
antt some office work; liberal salary and ex-
penses advanced to right party. Address WM.
J. UHL, Mgr., 723 Chestnut St., Philadelphia,
Pa.
WANTED— Retail salesman, competent to run
tea store; a live man with good references
can secute permanent position and earn good
wages. Box 167C. Call office.
WANTED— Stable attendants. Apply P.
KRONER, Baden, at end of San Mateo elec-
tric line.
WANTED— A man thoroughly familiar with
local fire Insurance business for office posi-
tion. Add., giving experience, box 166S, Call.
A STRONG boy for retail store; state age. ex-
perience and fullest particulars or no atten-
tion given. Box 1S7S, Call.
WANTED— Young man to make himself useful
In dlnlng-room> Apply Jefferson Hotel, Har-
bor View.
WANTED— First-class tailor's cutter. Apply
SCRUGGS, 140 Powell st.
WANTED — First-class coatmakers. Apply
SCRUGGS. 140 Powell st.
WANTED — First-class pantnnakers. Apply
SCRUGGS. 140 Powell st. ]/
WANTED — First-class vestmakers. Apply
SCRUGGS. 140 Powell Et.
WAXTED- Errand boy. Apply SCRUGGS, 140
Powell st.
WANTED — Bushelmen. steady position. Apply
at once. RAPHAEL'S.
COATMAKER and pantsmaker for country.
Apply REISS BROS. & CO.. 21 Sutter st. ,
ERRAND bov. CALIFORNIA FEATHER
WORKS, 1275 Pacific St.
FIRST-CLASS tailor on custom coats. 133^_
Natoma st., near New Montgomery.
KNIFB cutter on ladies' and children's wear.
723 Market St., room 33.
SECURITY deposit put up for street railway
employes. SHALMOT.'NT, 1406 Pine, 2-4 p. m.
TWO solicitors: salary and commission. C. I.
PARKER, 633 Market st.
BARBER wanted for two days. ES Steuart
street.
COMPETENT steady single man to manage
small chicken ranch; wages $15. Box 1673, Call.
APPRENTICE boy to learn jewelry tra"de; ref-
erences required. Box 1674, Call office.
BOY. 16 to IS, to make himself useful In fac-
tory. 723 Market St., room 35.
WANTED — Boy to do porter work; $15 and
found. 9 Drumm et.
FEEDER for Job presses. PERNAU BROS.,
643 Clay st. .
WANTED — Young man to work In fruit store.
Apply 1SC2 Kentucky st.
CO WOODCHOPPERS by contract or by the
month; pay every month. 143 Grove Bt.
DISHWASHER wanted; must carry trays. 37
Eddy et.
BARBER;- good man wanted; steady Job. 120
Geary st.
YOUNG man wanted to work In bakery; Ger-
man preferred. 629 McAllister st.
BOY wanted; reference required. L. SILVER-
MAN. 1420 Polk St.
TAILOR and apprentice girl wanted at 220
McAllister Bt.
GOOD barber; steady work. 1724 Market st.,
between Van Ness ave. and Polk st.
WANTED— Two strong boys, $1 per day. Bunt-
ing decorator. E2S Turk st. ¦
BARBER every afternoon. Saturday and Sun-
day; wages $3. 1322 Stockton st.
GOOD barber; steady Job for right man. 232
Ellis St. V
SHOEMAKERS on. repairs; steady work. 5G2
Mission st., bet. First and Second Bts. -
DISHWASHER wanted; steady Job. 1438 Turk
Etreet.
WANTED— Short order night cook. 133 Sixth
St., Boston.
GROCERY clerk, counter and delivery work;
ealary 59 per week. Box 16S1. Call office.
WANTED— Dishwasher. New Golden Gate
Hotel, 124 Fourth «t.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 23c
to uOc. £62 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED — Dishwasher. Jefferson Hotel, Har-
bor View.
DISHWASHER wanted. 906 Kearny st.
BARBER shop and living room for sale. 114
Fourth st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade. S. F.
Barber College. 741A Howard st.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the ages
-. of 21 and 35 years; not less than 5 feet 4
inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further in-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
fice, 40 Ellis St., San Franclsco.Cal., 530 K st.,
Sacramento, Cal., or 1058 J St.. Fresno, Cal.
GOOD barber; steady Job. 725 Fourth at,. San
Rafael; telephone Red 15.
GOOD block butcher, $30 a month and found.
Apply 331S Mission st.
AS bedmaker, flay or night clerk. In good lodg-
ine house. Box 1667. Call office.
WANTED— 100 men, maehln* hands, bench
hands for planing mill work. Apply C. L
IN'OLAR. President Mlllman's Association!
at Fourth ond Washington sts., Oakland, Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and me< hanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
NEW goods; quick sales: salary or commis-
sion; city or country. The J. Dewing Co
Flood building. -...-¦.» '
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands-
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Stmiart.'
PENSIONS-GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer 16
years' practice; Examiner building.
"WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night: readtng-roonv free
bus nnd baggage to and from the ferry.'
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 13c to 25c night: 73c to $2 per Week
A BRANCH office for Call advertisementa and
. subscriptions has been established at 1QO6
-.¦'.¦¦ ¦ :
HELP WAXTED— HALE.
A— MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN GS4S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
Want 7 a. m. to-day
WE SHIP FP.EE
Men fcr all part3 of California. Utah, Wash-
ington. Arizona. Orecan. Colorado. Nevada
and Hawaiian Islands.
Free fare and office fee only $1
Special to-day to the following districts:
DUNSMUIU REDDING SHASTA
HERNDON FRESNO MENDOTA
L«s Anceles ard Santa Barbara district*
Reno (Nev.) and Truckee districts
Cicws Landing. .....and Newman districts
San Luis ....and Surf districts
nakersfteld and Madera district*
Palt Lake City Soda Springs
and other points B^ck* wages
WE SHIP FKEE come one. come all
It enly coats $1 fee and no other expenses
•... come see
' ' ' " *M CRR A Y " &' READY. 634-636 Clav st.
A-WJIEELWRTOHTS CARPENTERS
Plumber for an institution, see boss here......
Carpenters, mining company... .$3 to J3 oO day
25 carpenters for different places, house bul.d-
lng. mines, ranches, etc.: also rough carpen-
ters, wages from K £0 day to J67 60 and found
6 carpenters, company work fre<* f«re
Wheelwright, country shop |3 day
15 blacksmiths and hors»shcers, for Bhops.
ranches, etc $40. $30 and found. S3 day
Tlmberman, mlnlntr company .'."),'"
Tlmberman on brldse work $4 day
Coopers bridge builders woodworkers
LOOK HERE FOR HANDY >MEX!
Any men handy with hatchet will suit this
Job; 23 men to build flume, $30. $35, $40 and
FRmTpic^KERs:: I!!:!.";!! 'frVtVtpjc'kkr^
10 men gather prunes Santa Clara Co. SI oo
to $173 day ••••
150 men and boys to pick nil kinds of fruits,
gather almonds, etc., $26 and J30 ond found
WE PAY YOUR FAKE
And ship to the sawmills and vrrqis 236 la-
borers for 23 different pawmills. $26 to HO and
found anybody wilt pult: 9.". wo-idsmen. mill-
men: al?o"all kinds of planing mill h»!p, $05,
$."!0, J63. $70. SoO M0. $30. $*0 and found
361 woodchoppers, tlemakers. etc., V>. $2 50. 12.
$1 and 75c cord, tools and food found
125 farm hands $3.'.. $30. R6 ard foand
5fi milkers and buttermakers STO. rr> found
Chec-semakers 533 and found
.4 «»n Women, etc.... $15. fiO. J60. HO. SZO found
It hay balers. $3 day: also harvest cr»ws
In San Francisco: all parts of California.
364 laborers and teamsters. $2 tO, $2. $1 V> day;
some board your?eif home: boys for store?,
fpctorles. etc., city Jobs, cabln.-tmakers,
woodworkers, carrlagemakers. brldga build-
ers, etc.: come see '.
Ptptt turner, sflwmlll romnnny. see boss here
Edperman. tallyman, sawmill company
?'. woodman. Pnntn Cruj Cot*ntv. $^2 ? ft and fd
Sttek°r harni. J" Z0 day Planar. $S a flay
Matcher. $3 a d:iy Machine rr»™n. it *» da'-
Farmcr and wife $33 and found
ALSO TIT'NPREDS OF POS*rn«"»N*».V» •
..NOT > DVERTTSF.n COW «EE.
Man and wife, private place. J40 and fd; seo
boss here. .MURRAY K- RflAT>T. KS4-R3". Ct»T
A— SPECIAL
10 laborers for manufacurlng company, near
city, 12 40 d(»y. ary laborint men will suit
Cook ord wife for th<» mtnes :
Married fumaceman for the mines $-T3
Hook-keeper. rtencKrapher and. ryp»writer.
country: bnys cr yming men to drive delivery
wagor:?. JITTRRAY & P.EADY. C34-638 Clav. |
TO the gold -liver arrd cth-r mines
ISO stnele hard and pincMw mlmr' airi Bur- !
l»l?h drillers $*>. $" and $M and fnunrt j
?.. r .n Inborers for th» mines in nil rrrts of Pall- j
forn'.a: anybody will rult. $10 to JM and found:
Tunnelmen I>r!l>rs ITammorsmer;
Teamsters and Irborers. d'ff^ront cltv ar.d
country p'ares. $1 75 to J3 JO day. MURRAY
& PKADY, (34-63« Hay st. <
A-HOTF.L ..RESTAURANT.. LA TTN^RV TT«'n
Chef cook SSO and fd.
?2 cooks, city and country. $.Tj t" *"" st' *<mmA
Porter and runner $23 and found
also short order and nleht cooks
Second and third cccks for mires
$3.". «nd J4!> »nd found
¦Walters fn- the mines. $30 and found: IS
waiters, city and country. $25 and $.".0 nr.d fl
Bakers and hflpers, $10, $23 and **n an<] found
Washers, starchfrs ond Ironers for laundries
Butchers pantry men handjr
men for Institution, etc.; !unch man for caf«».
V-0 and beard. MURRAY & READY. 634-636
Clay st.
A— FOR A NEW MINE. 5 (r-^od lahcrinsr men.
$G7 HO and fd.. first-class Job; saw filer, also
frrew turner, sawmill company, see boss h^re;
onatTTuker. country town, see boss h?re.
MURRAY ft READY. 634-636 Clay st. \
ALL sizes m«n's shoes. !5liKht:v damn^»d. half !
prlc». TP2 MIss'on St.. bet. 1st and 2d si«.
II O USES. LIVE STOCK. Etc — For Snlr
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, busrsrles.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth Ft.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
70 HEAD draft, carriage and saddle horses;
also pneumatic p.nd rubber-tired bufrcios;
cheap. Occidental. Horse Exchange, 721 How-
ard st.
FOR sale — Little mare, jrentle. for lady. f~<5:
S years eld: party leaving the city; to-day .
only; must be sold to-day. C59 Geary st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call, j
16 nages. in wranwr. for mailing. SI per year.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. T.'MBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY, 1312. nr. Octavia— 6 rooms, balh.
laundry; marine view; rent $20.
GROVE. 720 — i large sunny rooms; sunny sep-
arate yard; garden; bath; gas.
HOWARD, HO.V-Uppor part of lo-.i.-?'*, 5 n!c»
sunny rooms: hot and coM water: rent $1G 30.
HOUSES AVAXTED.
WANTED— A house of 6 or 7 rooms east of '¦
Franklin and north of Market; rent not to
exceed $27. Address MISS VALLIER. S13
Leavenworth st.
LOST AXD FOUXD.
LOST — Urown seal card case, containing papers '
no value except to owner; liberal reward. 73
Flood building. j
LOST — Keys: 3 door and 1 srrlp; on ring:. Leave ¦
at Call office.
LOST— Saturday evening, on O'Farrell or Mar-
ket sts., or at Oakland ferry, lady's gold
watch with amethyst fob. Return to MAS-
TICK, room 17, fifth floor. Mills building; $20
reward.
-—--———-————————————- — - — - ¦
LOST— Timebook and bunch of keys; you will
be rewarded for the same. Address box 1664
Call office.
LOST— Black (rreyhound dog. Finder please re-
turn to northeast corner I2d and Kentucky.
~.-.- - JW -.,^ w ~?J E _P I _ l _-_ i _ 1 *'
DR. and MRS. DAVIES, 122S Market St.— Relu
able ladles' and gents' specialists; S2 years'
practice; have treated thousands of cases suc-
cessfully; a positive cure guaranteed at of-
fice; ladies treated can return home the sanw
day; try the celebrated IIINDO HERB treat-
ment for home cure: any one can use It by di-
rections: prefectly harmless: homefor confine-
ment. gend five 2-cent stamps for circular.
MRS. DR. KOHL, the well known and reliable
ladles' specialist; guaranteed treatment at of-
fice, $5: positive cure; homo for patients be-
fore and during confinement: skillful medical
attention; consultation free and confidential
446 Eddy st.. bet. Leavenworth and Hyde.
DR. O. W. O'DONNKLL. the world-renowned
ladies' specjallst; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In San Francisco for years; treated thou-
sands of cases successfully; treatment can b<»
used at home: consultation free. After all
others fall /call on him. 1023'.4 Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialists
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable-
cure $5: have treated thousands of cases with
success: 15 years' practice In S. F. ; maternitT
home; low fees. 1007U Market st.. near Slxtri.
A-NEW process: prreat progress In medical
science: every woman her own phvslcian- no
DR dl poVpER,'' 9 31s' i 'Ke a r?y £ WJ &t h ° me '
NG TOY KEE. Chinese doctor: cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc; all di<K>a«r_ trWr
ed: s-nd_for testimonials: advi^i t™ *£__£
tarlum. 704 Sacramento st., corner Kearny?
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable speoialW 23 yrs 7
£™~ C r, : . hOlne ,\ n Trlatmitn^t
consultation free: hours 10 to 8
DR. WISE -Tl;« o o,,y irs , ;£ , a; , t , e ,. „__,,
MKCEU.ASEOIJS- F t OR~7.iI^
write fS? SjS"S 8t - ab ° Ve SUth:
1 } JjW wal wagon. 1 delivery
¦et wale ?™'ck «^ bl< *. SCt **¦""**¦ 1 >W
barn vard n^ A nd * ign board ; Btable and
_tn«J ave.f ACeda" l ° let ' AppIy ;iC1 Cen "
A walh^^ r9oUd »'« "-knrat fine lady's
VN^r iTJSJ.^- '°J.««: «« originally $33.
r ' JiA unis. ]„ Grant avenue. j
A 3 S J_^ A , S '\" crew -™"ta!T l-^he. 9X.TT1
¦ -JlMloii Ts^ » lathe: 2 8maU be « saw - bZS
s^gf ,r com -
JSrst*-".* fit
3JISCELLAXEOUS — FOR SALE.
A — BUYS, sel's or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WIHTELAW. 216 Spear St.
TWO cash registers; Sunset Market. 171 Fourth
street.
FOUR'HORSE power Otto gas engine, line
shaft and hangers; cheap. 1522 Market st.
2D-HAND photographic and maslc lantern out-
fita bought, sold, exchanged, lug Montgomery.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and flre and burglar
proof gafe. 216 California st
FIRST-CLASS second-haml modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
2D-HAXD gasoline ami steam engines, lathes,
etc.; general machine work. 137 Keala st.
2D-HAND engines. boi'.»rs. dynamos, motors.
and Caroline tng. II. s. White. 316 Misaton.
*J*_3«-"5»$ *10; flresa pants. J2 73. MISFIT
PARLORS. <37 Montgomery st.
TYPEWRITER. No. 2 Smith Premier: Utl
model; cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 40D Cal.
EDISON concert phonograph; reduced price.
*>.: concert records. » .p. Caclgalupl. >33 Mkt.
PORTABLE engines, botlers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes: Sd-hand. J. Burke. 103 Beale.
!^rJ^ XD # nre _ proof Baf(?: l flre and burglar
proof safe;jcheap. 42 Main st.
MAGIC lantern-^ new and 2d-hand: movlnff
plcturea. DULLARD & 13X Poat at.
S 'xf7^ X a e^T? n^-. 8econ(1 - hand - THE HER-
MA.NN SAFE CO..ji7-t23 Sacramento st.
S 'w'?/w : yi-S2. d "^ond-hand; all sizes. THH
WALTZ SAFE. lc,J-m Market st.. San Fran.
3!ISCnLLA.\EOUS~\V'A^Ts~
WANTED— Three bears; ar.y age O r color. Ad-
dresa L. SEELIUEii. 331S Mission at.. S. F.
KLEIN still pays be«=t prlc« for clothlnsr. brlc-
a-brac anq books. V) sixth st.; tel Jessie 141.
HIGHEST price paid carpota. odd pieces of fnr-
nlture. BLASD's, 73 Ninth; tel. Howard 1132.
SEALSKINS are what we ray hlsr prices for
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE, ii Stockton Bt!
IF you wish full value for your cast-off elothl*"»
call on Ft. COHEN. 157 Thirl: tel. Black 41ii.
MOSEY TO LOA^i
ANT amount at C per cent: 1st. M and 3d~mort^
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mofgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing bwlntM else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent: firs:.
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life in«<uranc«>. Room 16. tirst floor.
Chronicle bids. HALLORAX & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. <lfi zrarket
»t.: tel. Main 1£4». Branch 19 Third st.
OX furniture and plano3 without removal ; quU-ic
yervlce; money direct; lowest Interest. Roorna
i^S and 63. Donohoe building. 1170 Market at.
ON real estate. 1st and 2nd mortgages and on
furniture or piaros: no removal: any amount:
lowest rate. CECKCU & CO.. 26 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
watches. Jewelry. -W. J. I1E.STHAU 1" Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
LOANS
SALARIES and FCRNITUUIZ
O. H. KARSHEAKuEH. 322 Ellia. room 34.
AT 12S Kearny at., room ?. respectable rrivar*>
place to borrow on watches, diamond*: lowe.iX
rates: take elevator. Telephone Davis 90J.
J50O.000at6 ptr cent In sums to suit in city: also
$130,000 on large ranches: also on second mort-
gages. R. J. MERCEP. & SON. 412 I'lne st.
ANY amount by private party on furniture an<J,
pianos: nr> lemoval; low rates: confidential.
BONELLI. il»l Jones -t.. corner Eddy.
ON furniture an<1 pianos; no removal; confi-
dential; on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st.
H. MURPHT. O> Market St.. solves allkindsof
financial problems; Cd mortgajres. estates, etc J
TO salaried teople without security; all bunl-
; n*s3 confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrot bis.
ON furniture, pianos: 3 per cent per month: no
commission. Mrs. AVilson. rm. 101, 6 Eddy st.
! CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
j tndorser. MORRELL, &•» Examiner buildiner.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission: prtvate. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
TO salaried men without collateral or imlorser.
P. F. Discount Atrt-ncv. 143 Ph'I.in building.
aiUSICAL I.\STi:r31E.\TS.
PIANO
REMOVAL OF
HEINE PIANO COMPANY.
From 126 Ellis Street,
Where will be sold ths following: stock, resard-
ess of cost or profit:
36 Heir.e upright. 1 Fisher.
7 Steinway upright 5 Schiller*.
1 Mason & Hamlin. 2 Gibsons.
5 Chicltering Bros. ) 6 Strains.
1 Shaw. 1 Deerins.
J Vcse. 1 11 Schaeffers.
First parties to come will have best choice.
No reasonable offer will be refused on any of
I these pianos. We will rent pianos and allow
rent on purchase price, «jr sell on very Mty
terms; anyway must close, them out. Sale now
I going on at 135 F.ills st., corner Mason, which
' we must vacate before September 1. after whlclj
we will occupy our beautiful new store
at 217 GEARY STREET.
HEINE.
Warerooms. 136 Ellis st.
THE finest t'.mins and repairing of all kinds
of musical Instruments ia done by our etaft
of experts. We guarantee all of our work.
nnd charge reasonable prices. MAUVAia
Music Co.. 763 Market st.
ANOTHER carload of those beautiful Pack-
ard Dlar.cs Jest received. They are the fin-
e?t vie ever had. and are worth looking at.
We invite you to cail. MAUVAUS'. 7t!3 Mar-
ket -t.
IF It's a bargain you are lcoktns fcr. you
cannot afford to buy until our stock ar.il
prices have b»en examined. MAUVAId
Music Co.. 7O Market et.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN. CLAY
6 CO.'S have the privilege of exchanging for
a STEINWAY any time within three years
and full purchase price allowed; the best
makers of every grade to select from: beauti-
ful new uprights $S cash. $o per month: soma
good pianos for #3, St and |5 per month.
SHERMAN'. CLAY & CO., STEINW.W
DEALERS, corner Kearay and Sutter sts..
tan Francisco, corner Broadway and Tfcir-
teenth at.. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hous<»
west of Chicago 1« KOHLER & CHASES.
35. _R and 20 O'Farrell st. : pianos, orrar.s an<l
all ether musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: t»rms epsy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible dono to please and satisfy th«
customer. ;
9 GOOD square planes from SZO to J200.
3 fine grand pianos frcm «73 to J4:i>.
r. second-hand uprichts from $73 to $223.
1 Steinway. 1 Steck. 1 Weber, l Curraz.
BENJ. CtTRTAZ & SON. IS O'Farrell st,
REMOVAL of Keoffe's plant store from Van
Ne-s to S33 Market, bet. :t»i and (Sth. next
Hale Bros.. & will continue reduction sa..» f.>r
2 week»: open ev'ngs: call and s^t low price*.
IF yon have a OABLER piano. MOd >"ur namo
to Byron Maazy. 303 Post st.. the sola agent,
for information.
VIOLIN strings: never wet; best in the wr.r!i;
making and repairing of all kind of musical
Instruments. Carl C. Anderson. 4'.. ceary s>.
A SLAUGHTER nlfl •« »pr!cht p!.->nos for
storage. S-'O up. WILSON'S Storage. 1.10 M<t.
EE In the »wim: rent » M«liH|» *£* J? P* r
month. gCOTT-CtT.TAZ CO.. ~K> Hayes st.
SPECIAL sale-Uprlshts *£ «T>: Installment.
;5 up; mt* K up- HKINS. K» E.lla "t.
THE WILEY B. ALLE.V CO. HlPOrt St.:
Hardmtn. Conover and other piano-.
SOHMER A CO.. Ryron Mauzy. Oable^ HamH-
ton pianos. SOS Post st.. opp- tTnlon Square.
Riiip<rv r-zv-ui niano cheap: Installment S3
B pe I , t mo I nth » McAllister «.t.
\v r R»r»GEP. 412 Sacramento sL. a«ent for
Franx?s mcon and Hailett & Pavla pianos.
ST'PFRinr violins, zithers, old and new. II.
( MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
nrnt'i'TlON' sale: new pl.inos; V* payments;
',;,„„" t '- „_, Bwrrw. r« T>n«t st.
MrSIc"AI« nSTKl'CTIOS.
™rtC Th"re<» mcrths' piano Instruction by tX'
nert' German teacher. Box 1S36.' Call office.
6FFICES AXD STORES TO LET™
EMMA "SPR 1 ECKELS bulldinjr. S27 Market-
Offices, llphtumtl sunny. $13 to t?0 per month:
light, heat, /^nitcr and use of te£ Included.
FOK rent-F.lejrnnt offices and room3 In Y. M.
C. A. bldg. : all medern Imps. ; rent very low.
TO rent— Modern store: well lighted: 25xlK);
rent reasonable. 323 Hayes st. .
I'AL3IISTUY\
MME. Neergaard. T*res. St. Germain Collef^ of
Palmistry: reads 1 to 9. f!S Ger\ry. nr. Jones.
rilYSTCIAXS AXD SIHGEOXS.^
_>rTj. HERBERT REEVE. 2B«.4 Ktaray »t..
cures by electricity Nervous Prostration, In-,
nomnla. Asthma. Rheumatisni. Paralysis. Ca-i
tarrh. Consumntlon. Kidney, and all inflanrm
matorr castes; diseases diagnosed. - !_.-•"
CHRONIC diseases of men. women; ci:r?^ «u* r -
anteed. DR. GORDIX, 514 Pine. nr. Kearny.
_____________________________________________ —
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL-Office and residence.
1021 H Market St.. bet.- Sixth and, Seventh-Shipping Intelligence: .
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. August 21.
Ftmr North Fork, McLellan, 25H hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Arcata, Reed. BO hours from Coos Bay.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson. 13 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Coos Bay. Nopander. "8 hours from
Newport <S), etc.
Stmr Whltesboro, Olsen. 21 hours from Hardy
Br stmr Wellington. Salmond, 3Vz days from
Chemalnus.
CLEARED." '
' Tuesday, August 21.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Br stmr Gaelic, Finch, Hongkong, etc: O &
O « S Co.
Br stmr Victoria, Blakey, Chemalnus; R
Dunsmuir Sons Co. - *yi >,.
SAILED.
Tuesday, August 21.
U S stmr Sherman, Grant, Manila.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Hlnkle. southern coast.
Stmr Pomona. Shea, Eureka.
Stmr G«o Loomls, Brldgett, Ventura.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego.
Rtmr State of California, Parsons, Astoria.
Stmr Luella, Miller. .
Stmr National City. Dettmera, Fort Brag-£.
Br stmr Victoria. Blakey. Chemalnus.
Br Btmr Gaelic, Finch. Yokohama. Hongkong
and Honolulu.
Bktn Gardiner City, Walton. Coos Bay.
BrlR Lurllne, Schaube. l^ahulul.'
Schr Llzzl.e Vance, , Brown. Grays Harbor.
Schr James H Bruse. Petersen. Chemalnus.
Schr Monterey, Beck. Coos Bay.
Schr Ocean Spray, Olsen. Iversens Landing.
' TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Aug 21. 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind west, velocity 12 miles.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON. Aug 20— Br ship Ilala, previously
reported put Into Montevideo, Is believed not to
be leaking and cargo undamaged.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TJMPQUA— Sailed Aug 19— Schr Lucy, for San
Pedro: schr Lily, for San Francisco. .
TACOMA— Arrived Augr 21-Schr J M Colman.
from Port /Townsend; Br stmr Oak Branch,
from Hankow. • ' «¦¦ •¦
-Sailed Aug. 21— Sehr Annie Larsen, for Ban
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug 20— Stmr Mackinaw,
hence Auj; 17; stmr Queen, from'Skaguay; Br
ehlp LJrlithBOwshlre. ¦ from • Antwerp.
Sailed Aug 20-^-Bktn for'Hilo. '
' PAN ., DIEGO-^Arrived Aug 21— Nor stmr
Thyra.".from Hongkong.' ¦ -_¦ s
Sailed Aug: 21— Stmr Alcazar, for San Fran
cisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Aug 21— Stmr Fulton,
from Eureka; schr Jennie Stella, from Grays
Hftrbor. ¦• -» »- •
! FORT BRAGG— Arrived Aug 21— Stmr Nation
al City, hence Aug 20. . 1 '- , ., ' >
CASPAR— Arrived Aur 21— Stmr Cleone, hence
Aug 20.
T1LLAMOOK— Sailed Aug 21— Stmr W H Kru
jrer. for San' Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Augr 21— Stmr
Alcatraz. •¦ from — -. ' • ¦ ,
TRINIDAD— Arrived Aus 21-Stmr Bruns
wick, henca Aug 20. , • .' -. ¦ '
ASTORIA— Sailed Aug 21— Stmr Columbia, for
Fan Francisco; Br bark Bowman B Laws, for
Queenstown. ¦ •' ¦-'...>•-.
BOWENS LANDING-Salled Aug 21-Schrs
TO SAIL.
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the. depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference, is the mean of the lower low water*.
Continued From Page Eight.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
City and county of San Francisco to B.
Katchinski. lot on NW corner of Polk and
Grove -streets. W 170 by N 137:8; $— .
Emily J. Tennent (wife of Thomas) to Kath
erlne N. Shea (wife of James) and Annie N.
Farrell, lot on N line^-Qf Broadway, io E of
Oetavla street. E 32:6 by N 100: $10.
City and county of San Francisco to John J.
Brady, lot on SW corner O'Farrell and Laguna
streets, W 275 by S 120: »— .
Albert Freyer to Ida Freyer. lot on W Una of
Pierce street, 100 N of Greenwich, N 37:6 by W
137:6; gift.
City and county of San Francisco to David
T. Francouer. lot on S line of Green street, 56:6
E of Scott. E 54 by 8 127:6: *— .
James, de la Montanya to C. A. Dorn (wife
of D. S.). lot on SW corner of Pierce and Turk
streets, W 27:6 by S 95; $10. |
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
PALACE HOTEL
H H Hughes, Mo i
B Tucker. Colo Spgs !
*M W Houck, NY
W B King, Wash. D C
DrFE Keck, Germany
Dr P. O Hall. Denver
A II McKay, L Ang
E W Smith. Hartford
Mrs B Bunch, Sacto
O R Pope, Brooklyn
Miss M Pope, Brooklyn'
T Gilbert. Brooklyn I
Mrs W P Harrington.
Colusa
R E Renaud & w. Cal
W A Brewer, S Mateo
G H Gorman. Wash
C C Block. U S N
C R Chapman, Ant
werp
S R Vlckere. Balto
J R Talt. Baltimore
H D Smith. Cal
T T Williams, Marin I
E E Whitney, Haywrdl
D R Bennett, Brklyn I
W Y Galrath. Syracuse
D G Mumel, Chicago
Mrs D G MumeU-Chgo
Dr G W Dwinnell, Cal
G E Goodman & w, Cal
C. H.Richardson. CsJ
B Heyman. N Y
W S Hook & w, L Ang
Miss B Hook, Los Ang
W Hook, Los Ang
J T Richards, S Barb
H F Swartz. Boston
C G Me Bride. San Jose
Mrs C G McBride, Cal
Mrs P Cook, R Vista
J j White. Pac Grove
N J Nispon, San Diego
F B Fprlpg. Nevada
G .T Chaffee, Vermont
Mrs G T Chaffee, Vt
Miss A M Chaffee. Vt
Miss O G ChafTee, Vt
F S ChafTee, Vermont
J Herd, Cal
J Caffery, Cal
H Graed, Riverside
M E Flower. Riverside
J G McMichael. C*go
D V Marment, London
E A Cade, London
Mrs E T Wilder. L An
A Bet tens, -Byron
P N Goodwin, N Y
C Bender. Chicago
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
H Howard. New York
B George, Dunsmuir
Mrs Kuhemer & sister.
Hornbrook
T liake, Merced
M H Bird. Seattle
G W Condon & w, Cal
R M Downie, Pa
G W Dawler, Pa
W W Canby. Phlla /
H W Colls, New Ydrk
J Todhunter. Sacto
P Sheehan. Cincinnati
W Humphreys. Stocktn
Miss M Humphreys,
Stockton
Miss A Humphreys,
Stockton .
Q Pridham, Nome
H McNulty.Nome
J H Randolph & w,
Towles
G Lorentz, Aurora
D Campbell, Phoenix
J J Lasch & w, Tulare
E C Harmon. S Ramon
A W Glass, S Ramon
H Brown, Sanger '. • ¦
W H Atkinson, Napa
R T Peckham. S Jose
O G Toreltz, Benicla
G Rueger. Benicia
J J Stephens & w, Cal
J H Gardener. Cal
P J Krohn. Mo '
F W Duncan, Ariz
K Hanor. Napa
G L Threkel. Newcasti
J Lewis, Montague
O Stan?i)ury, Chico *
I) G Mumel & w, Ky
Mrs II Bean, Cal
Mrs M N Gober, Cal .
Miss N Bull, Cal
H Luscombe, L Gatos
J L Dovey, Phlla
\V W Brown & W, N J
J Flanagan. Cal .
J H Broerman, Yuba
W II Broerman, Yuba
M Biggs Jr, Orovllle
J O Tanner, S Cruz
I, E W Pioda, S Cruz
W I, Ashe & w. Cal
W W Ashe, Cal
G 1) Marvin, Agnews
C R Barker, Agnews
J N Woods, Stockton
.T McCudden, Vallejo
Pr J Hogan, Vallejo.
8 Dannenbaum, Vallej
J N Brescia &.w, Cal
Mi«s S C Krohn. Mo
G E Kennedy, Livermr
R C Johnston, Seattle
Mrs M J Smith. Sacto
Miss C Apperson. Dlxn
Mm G B Fassatl. Cal
It W White, Chico
A F L Bell. S Barbara
II Frintz. Monterey ,
It Ct Kaufman, Juneau
S G Kaufman. Skaguy
P Curtz, Loope
T E Brown, Bakersflld
G R Parkinson, Cal
a R Parkinson, P Alto
G S Parkinson, P Alto
Mrs B Parkinson. Cal
H E Hlpglna, Cal
J B Hlggins. Cal
Mrs H W, Higglns, Nev
\V K Keene, Los Ang
M Abrams, S Cruz
E L King, San Jose
G Melnhart, Gr Valley
F Dulmain. Gr Valle>
J Wells. Iowa
J C Ells; Dayton
C A Rockwell, N Y
B M Woodhull, Stckton
E Hudson, Lakeport
Mrs G W Warren. Cal
G c: Turner, Stockton
S H West, Stockton
G C Hyatt & w. Stcktn
J Alexander, Susanvlll
J W Podmore, 8 Jose
Mrs J W Podmore. Cal
F O Owens, Colusa
B B Thayer, Colusa
E B Brown. Dawson
H J Northrup. N Y
C Durner, Benicla
GRAND HOTEL.
HOTEL ABBIVALS.
Mary Etta and Bender Bros, for San Fran-'
Cisco.
EUREKA— Sailed Aug 21— Stmr Eureka, for
San Francisco.
Arrived Ausr 21 — Stmr Del Norte. hence An-'
gust 20.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEWCASTLE. Aus-Airived Au* 20-Schr
Golden Shore, from Port Pirie. - -
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Aui 17— Br itmr Em
press of China, for Vancouver.
VANCOUVER-Cleared Aug 20— Ger ship
Mane, for London. .
FREEMANTLE— Arrived Aug 20-Bktn Cne
halis. from Columbia River.
CALLAO— Sailed July 4— Ital bark Altcar, for
Roval Roads.
HONGKONG-Arrlved Aup 18-Stmr City of
Rio de Janeiro, hence July 19.
GUAYAQUIL— Arrived Aug 20— Schr J D Tal
lant. from Port Gamble. ,
MAZATLAN— In port Aug 13— Ger bark
Planet.
Sailed Aub 10— Stmr Curacao, for San Fran
cisco.
SANTA ROSALIA— Arrived July 23— Bktn
Arago. from Grays Harbor. July 29 — Kr ship
Dunsyre, from Hamburg:. July 30 — Br ship
Ardencraljr. from Cardiff; schr Wawona, from 1
Grays Harbor. Aug 1— Ger bark Pallas, (mm j
Hamburg: Ger bark Atalanta. from Shields.
Aug 5 — Br ship Poltalloch. from Hamburg. Aug
11— Ger ship Malpo. from Shields. Aug 12 — Br
Jlrlp Marion Llghtbody, from Tyne. Aug 14—
Ger ship Andrada, from Shields: Ger bark Oltra.
from Shield.*: schr Corona, from Victoria; schr
A J West, from Vancouver.
In port Aug 14 — Br ship Port Caledonia: Ger .
ship Omega.
QUEENSTOWN-Arrived Aug 19-Grr bark H
F Glade, henc- April 14. and sailed for Hull.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Aug 21— Stmr Ultr>
3la. from Boston, via Liverpool, and proceeded.
PLYMOUTH-Arrlved Aur 21-Stmr Graf
Waldersee. from New York, for Hamburg, via
Cherbourg, anrl proceeded.
CHERBOURG — Sailed Aug 21— Stmr Aller.
from Southampton, for New Tork.
HONGKONG— Arrived Aue 21— Stmr Empms
Of India, from Vancouver, via Yokohama, etc.
SYDNEY. NSW— Arrived prior to Aug 21—
; Stmr Miowera, from Vancouver, via Honolulu.
ANTWERP- Arrived Aug lJ-Stmr Kensing
ton, from New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Aug »1— Stmr Nume
dian. from Montreal.
AUSTRALIAN PORT— Arrived prior to Aug
21— Stmr Harrta, from San Francisco.
¦ BOULOGNE— Sailed Aujr 20— Stmr Cap Frlo.
from Hambursr. for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Aug 51— Stmr Aller.
for New York.
YOKOHAMA — Sailed Aug W-Stmr Mon
mouthshire, from Hongkong, for Portland, Or.
NEW YORK-Salled Aug 21-Stmr Servla. for
Liverpool: stmr Kaiserln Maria Theresa, for
via Cherbourg and Southampton; stmr
Cymric, for Liverpool.
Arrived Aug 21— Stmr Mlnnehaha, from Lon
don.
KINSALE — Passed Aug 21 — Stmr Georgian,
from New York, for Liverpool.
. SAGRES— Passed Aug :i— Stmr California,
from Marseilles.
LlZARLV^Passed Aug 21— Stmr St Paul, from
New York, for Southampton.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 22, 1900.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
11
REAL ESTATE — CITV — FOR SALlE^
J3200— HOUSE cf 6 rooms and bath for sale.
t'24 York st. .
MODERN houses built: lowest prices; plans and
estimates furnished Campbell. 1147 Mission.
Ki:\L ESTATE— COL'XTUY — For Sale
|XO— XT_XM ranch; 200 acres, titled: C-room
Imuse; tarn; outhouses; orchard: Implements;
on county road: fchool % mile: barpaln; $!<X>0:
fiptinn of ICO acres more. Address H. L. MUL-
HERRY. .Fan Penito Ciionty. !
FOR snle or eichange In one of the best coun- |
trj- towns in State consisting nf half interost
In principal brick corner; Wlxl49; containing
fi «or»>s; alyo 3 cottages In town; all ronted;
rrasojis of s<>ll<n? businrys in city; snap for
parties desiring country propertv. Box 1976,
Cnll cfrtre.
$10. 000- A FINE bearing vineyard of "3 acres;
the cren readv In eIx weeks: estimated at
?230Q; district froo of frost and froc« cf dis-
• *^f ; 1\~ mill-* Irom Cloverdale: winery, ca-
pacity of 70.005 Gallons; this place wants In-
spection to be fully appreciated: will not be
{or sale- after the 1st of September. Address
T. J. P.. 34* Cloverdale. _^
FOR sale— Farm. 160 acres: $0 acres cultivated: |
halarce fuitabl.* for farmir.fr: vineyard, or-
chard, new house and cellar; 2 miles from
Grass Valley: vill *«>!! very rh»ap iiccount of
age. HE.VRY PEHSCHOX. Grass Valley. Cai.
DILIX)N'B REACH fo' sale; flne.=t Bummer re-
fort property on Pacific Const: Including cot-
tajes and hotel. 300-acre ranch, horsp*. cattle,
fsrmins: utensils: well watered. GEO. DI_-
| IX1N. Tomal*'*. Marin County. Cal.
I RnnwOOD timber lands In lot* to suit: 160 to
! 10,000 or more acres in Mendortno County;
I from $S to SIC an a.-re. Address P. ROTHER-
MEL. M7 California St.. g. F.
' STOCK and praln ranch for sale in Co!usa Co.;
i 1C40 acres; J10 an acre: 500 grain, rest In hill
land. M. S. CHAXDON. Marysvllle. Cal.
i PniXTKD lift: farmn aid city property sold i
nnd pxrhanecd. M. GRIFFTK. 71fl Mnrkrt !>t. :
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
HERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
j JXW0 — A XCT' fi-room cottage ; connected with
I tas and water mains; street work all done;
i electric cars i>a?s the rrop»rty; cash or In-
j Ftallment;.* Apply to MAPON & McLEJfA-
THEN'. adjoining P. O.. Berkeley.
SAFE investment for I75C0; block of lend favor-
ably located ii^ar cominir Santa Fe Railroad.
Particulars C.WILLMOTT, 918 Market st..S.F.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRtlTVALE 11K.4L ESTATE.
SirXNY Frultvale, near station; no toga or
harsh winds; lovely lower flat, 4 rooms, fur-
nished: reasonable; adults. Address box 53.
Frultvale.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
J. L. DOBLE _ CO.,
REAL ESTATE,
4G6 EIGHTH ST., OAKLAND.
BARGAIN LIST !!!!!!!!!!!!
20 bargains in ranches of all descriptions:
Oakland property to exchange for ranch; Los
Armeies property to exchange for Oakland;
orarre land near Pasadena for sale or ex-
change: J2C00 elegant home; will exchange.
$2500 — Modern home; $200 down; balance easy
payments.
$1700— Good home; large- lot; |150; balance
light payment*.
J1375 — Income property; pays 14V4 per cent on
Investment-
$2750— Income property: pays 14 per cent on
Investment.
$5000— Income property; pays 14*i per cent on
Investment.
$13?0— House of 10 rooms; rents for $18 per
month.
127 choice homes In the city of Oakland Ustea
In the last 10 day*.
$SSO — FOR sale; best bargains tn Oakland; 4-
roora cottage, bathroom, pantry, hot and cold
water, laundry and shop; lot KxSO. 1206 Pe-
ralta ft., between Fifteenth and Sixteenth,
Weft Okaland.
OAKLAXO FUnXITURB FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Rchellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT 62 Second— Light housekeeping, $1 50 to 12 50
per wk. ; single and double. Jl to $2 GO per wk.
EDDY, 604— Funny corner suite of rooms, kitch-
en, gas range; running water; complete for
: housekeeping.
ELLIS. 1127— Two nicely furnished rooms, with
use of kitchen and dining-room.
FIFTH, 34S — Suite of rooms; furnished for
housekeeping; cheap.
FOLSOM. S34— Large sunny front bay-window j
room, kitchen, bath; private; $3 per week.
FOURTH. 303 — Nicely furnished rooms; sunny
and central location and housekeeping.
HAMPTON place, 19. off Folsom, bet. Second
and Third— 4 rooms; sunny; bath.
HOWARD, 1063H — Two connecting housekppp-
>ng rms.. furn.. $«; also double^ and sin, rms.
LARGE furnished parlor and dining room,
kitchen and large bedroom; all conveniences;
close to broad and narrow gauge stations.
2101 Central are., Alameda.
MARKET. 102S— Large light room; connecting
kitchen; furnished; folding bed; gas; $10.
MISSION 1 , 951 — Two Runny rooms furnished
complete for housekeeping: also others.
NATOMA. 2S4. near Fourth-2 furnished house-
keeping rooms; water; elnk; closet.
O'FAHUELL, 742 — Two or three neatly fur-
nlphed rooms for housekeeping, $11 to $20.
ONE large Bunny room furnished complete for
housekeeping; rent $1 25 per week. Apply at
shoevtore. E>62 Mission st.. bet. 1st & 2nd sts.
TURK, 613— To let, furnished; 2 rooms for
housekeeping, $12: 1 front.
VAN NESS, 402— Front bay-window suite, new-
ly furnished; complete for housekeeping; gas
J range.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and ;
subscriptions has been established at 1096 ;
Valencia Et. • I
¦—^ — «_^—^— —^—^—^— — — —
; ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. and Infnrn.
A^^RulcsWICK~HOUS_r^4? Sixth^Rooms
25c to Ji per night, $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
BOHEMIA. 233 Post— Finest sunny suites In
city for families and gentlemen; all convenl-
ences; special accommodation for tourists.
BURNETT, Hit Market (old No. 1364)-Fur-
nlshed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 520— Nicely furn. sunny rooms; (1 60 to $7
few,,; flcto $1 50 night. MRS. P. RANFT.
BUSH. 726— Lower floor of 4 unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping: yard; $13 50. Apply 4 p. m.
BUSH. 1030, near Jonen — Sunny rooms, newly
furnished, or unfurnished, with board; rets.
ESSEX place, 1, off Essex St.. Rlncon Hlll-
» unfurnished rooms; hot and cold water;
bath.
FOLSOM. »65. cor. 6th fThe Oliver)— New fur-
nlshed sunny rms. single or suites ; reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Hir^ion sts. — Sunny room", en suite or
single; lad Ipii' parlor; r«adlng-room; elevator.
HAMPTON court. 1, near 668~Il8rrtson-$5; fur-
ni*hea bay-window room.
HOTEI, Francisco— Kjpg-ant su!f<>»: single- tran-
__'!T I _i >a l hs - M RS. KING, Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD, y29-nooms from jTweek up to $5;
_2oc_tojl_njght^a^so^housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD. 989, cor. fith— Orlando House— New
management: furnished rms.; suites or single.
LAS PALMAR, lS20~Market st.-Suite of 2 or 3
rrcs.; private: bath; *ln. rms. ; board optional.
MAPON. MS— Newly furnished rooms for iren-
tlem#n: cheap rent.
MINNA, G67. corner Eighth-Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
NATOMA, 718— S large runny rooms, sunny
*ld<-.- downstairs; rent $8.
O'FARHELL, 20-Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
O'FARRKLL. 129A— Nicely furnished sunny
. rooms by day. week or month.
O'FAKRELL, 742— Nicely furnished sunny quiet
rooms, fn mite or tingle; gas, bath, phone.
POWELL. 121. "The. Rossln"— Changed hands;
furnished rooms. MISS J. MALLETT; phone
black 4241.
ROSEDALE House. 219 and 221 Ellis Bt.— Rooms,
night 2Sc to $1. week $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROVAL IIOirSE. 12G 'Ellin St.— Incandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and ladles-
parlnr; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week; $2
to $8; month, J8 to $20: elevator on office
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; bath*.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Klsrhth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
EIXTH, 136— Furnished sunny rooms: single or
suites; also rooms for light housekeeping.
A BRANCH- office for Call advertisements and
pur.srrlrtions " has been established at 109C
Valencia ¦*
i P12USOXALS.
£-;;r: HUDSON river "co~
HOPKE BROS.
MattrcesoF and pillows made to order, re-
oovered and renovated: hon«?st work iruaran-
t^r-d; xr\-o% defy competition; fine upholster?".
I'hcnc 639S; factory, S'.S and 220 Eleventh St.;
«r*:-o!af s cleaning and dyeing. 40» Sutter st..
S-'an J"r£n ! .»co.
V.HT fFtFEU?
Persons affileten with Rheumatism (no mat-
ter cf how lririR standing), or anyother chronic
dtroase. t-hcuM call ot on<~r at the SANS
SOI'OI. itiS \'m.r. N'-«* ivf.- th<» ujvto-dstp In-
Mitutirvr, ft r t r^r: t mor-.t . We have 2* }<ars'
experience. <"l;axpps rfayfnaMe. j
rLEOTRIO liclus in ovorv mom-Winchester I
Hoifl. At Third rt.. r.r-ar Market: «¦ raoiM: )
T".c tr, ii to p<»r r.iRh;; $1 .vt to S* per vrc-ek: i
fr<>e 'lius «nd b»KPaB<* to »nd ?rom th» ferry.
LEDER.ER. the jv^ulsr hairdresser, rive* you
the latest and n^bbiert rtj** *"«¦ £ nlv -''' c;
f witches $1 up. O. LF.HERER. US Ftockton.
Si:.tR7~Ai>A. S4~Kearnj-. 47 Post, office 10-11: if
rtck Buffering from any cause, pee this wen-
derfully Rifted healfr: fh» will cur* you.
XJCSTITl'TE nf Science; euppr-Ftlve therapeu-
*«ic5- rrarnetlc bA>linis: persona! magnetism:
brpsotlsm. rr<>r. Fisher. Instructor, 517 llasn.
BT'ITS to order on inrtnlinient*: $15 upward;
II a week. LEON 1-KMOS. 1117 Market Et..
hetwpen Seventh and Eighth.
PILES— 300 permanent cures Jn San Frajielsco,
who con be ecn: no operation; no pain; par-
ticular:! »cnu Ad. Physician, box 19S0, Call.
I.nnEUEIl'S Quintnnlca hair tonic is the only |
remedy for fallirr hair; 35c bottle.
PRIVATE detective work; rea5onable rates; 10 '
years' experience. J. B. RAY. S57 Jessie st.
FREE. "Valuable Remedy" for rheumatism;
free. "Retired Nurfp." IZSl Market, nr. 12th.
LEDEREB'S Fcamo Phampoo cleanses and
. sweeten! the hair; 5c package; try it once.
-*• ME. B. R. GROOVE. 31 Keaj-rjy. room 12—
il^ai^r: treats diseases successfully.
I!AIR quickly curled or waved by using Ta!-
<*ott"s nirllng fluid; **>c bottle; druggists.
LADIES' and *ent«* oJist-ofT clothing bought &
¦: Silvenran. iH Fo'.som; tel. Folsom 1191.
WANTED— Old-fashioned silver, brass, copper
ware; curios. aU dercriptions. . 525 Dupont »t.
6VITF to orfer nr. easy payn:er.ts. Art Tailor-
ing Co., E>:am'.r.er building, room 4 r >7.
>IJ'Ri;Dl"MS ErjTtian Henna restores gray
hu'r to Sts np.tural color; II, at all druggists.
CAST-OFT dothlnc. old gold and silver bought;
««r.i rostal. CQLEMAX'S. £"6 Ke.irny tt.
PROPEltTV WASTED.
!STAKTED — Income or unimrroved city iS. F.)
property: rnust be cheap. SPECK - CO., 66;
Market Et.
DEAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
Ti.rLDTVIN r "_~'HOWELL.
U MONTGOMERY ST.
NEW rROPERTr.
fis.oro inveetm^nt; rents $I.VX> per yeaj; four :
modern flat;--; excellent location; near Calif or-
*.:a and Leaven worth: always rented.
IS7C0 — Rer.ts fS3 pr month: 2 modern houses
r.r.ii cottage oa a.i<T.w in rear of McAllister
r'., near Laguna; lot 27:6x_O; double frontage.
J-lP.ftOO — Markr>t Ft., rear Van Ness ave.;
0- res. etc.: double frontage.
SUnKET-.'TREET PROPERTT.
Near City Hall: 27:9x137:6; a splendid oppor-
tunity; only *43,tOO.
f.V).00i>— Market ft., near City Hall; 2-etorr
l-rick buiiding: rents J125; lot 25x100.
H -STREET FRONTAGES.
Several cholc* lots on this thoroughfare at
rrvlerate rricos and en easy tenne; get par-
ticular* at office.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCES.
J27.C00 — Pacific-ave. residence: elegant modern
rr-Fidence, 17 roorr.s, 2 baths; all arrangements
for an up-to-date home: lot 37:6x122:6.
sy*»> — Green s=t.. near Goush; good residence. :
i rooms and bath and laundry; lot 126:6x137:6.
A FINE INVESTMENT.
JL J"0, COO— Geary st.. near Van Ness ave.: 4 rwl-
• t'r.cee: rents I1S0; lot 97:6x120 to rear street.
~^ 137.500 — Folyom st. ; corner: manufacturing
cisirict; 3 frontages; rents $170; lot 100x57:6.
BARGAINS.
116.500— Rents $1£2 60: fine corner on Oak St.:
rood improvements; all rented; 3 frontages; lot
S7:£x_0.
$.^300— Rents $5« DO per month; S new flat* Just
completed : near Twenty-eecond and Valencia.
ata.: lot 25x114: fafe Investment.
»3jnft_Mlssion road, near Thirtieth; one-story
tvjflding containing store and S living rooms
In the rear; etreet work done; lot 26x72; terms
|1</K> cash, balance monthly payments.
fSTSO— Cumberland et.. corner of Dolores: two
f.ne O_ta; 5 and 6 rooms and bath; rents {36;
lot ;5xE9.
AN OFFER WANTED.
tSWO— Rent* 1 $C5; Natoma ft., near Sixth; coal
yard c:.i 4 fl&ts above; lot 27x75.
RESIDENCE PROPERTT.
13150— Buchanan et., near Uaicht: nice bay-
vtndow double cottage; 8 rooms and lath; cor-
t*t lot; big bargain.
l:' •¦¦-.• — Beautilul residence In the Mission; 14
?¦•">-. 2 baths: :'.:.- grounds; cud aJi around;
lot T.'xllS; make offer.
C6.000 — Price reduced; Washington *t. resi-
dence, with fine marine view; large garden; eun
f. i day: lot lS7:€xl!7:6; don't ia.Il to see this
j.rrr*rty.
J2750— Rlekmond District; entirely new; 2 cot-
tages; modern In every respect; easy terms.
$3000— Sumet District, near Golden Gate Park;
new 2-etory house, 7 rooms and bath; modern
In every respect; lot KxlIO; e»ry terms; call
tt branch office. Ninth ave. and H ft.
$4"00— Steicer et., near Ellis; cottage 4 rooms;
lot «x90.
VACANT LOTS.
JS250— Presidio Heights corner; fine view; lot
I i '. v
j40C0-Eteir.er. near Fulton; lot 27:«xllB.
115,000— Prtsldlo Heights; corner; 137:6x127:8*4;
rr.aririe view; choice residence lot.
COTTAGE IN THE COl'NTRT.
tZTJi— Mill Valley cottage; 6 rooms and bath;
rartly finished attic; large lot; will trade for
ity jroperty. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery Bt.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
OfTfra wanted for following property:
1:2.000— Pay b 7 per c*-nt net; tine ' lmprove-
£T"-.ts: Bush St.. near Stockton; two frontages.
- .*" i v '.000 — Income nearly JW-O per annum; fine
/-.-. -s-tnient; close to Powell and Sutter ets.
|:2.*00— Hyde Ft., near Sutter; good location
Jcr flats, i<hy*«ipian or sanitarium.
MuFt t>* pold to clc*e an estate.
BALDWIN _ HOWELL. 10 Montgomery et.
EASTON*. ELDRIDGeTI CO..
£28 MARKET STREET.
ON EA£Y TERMS.
BEAUTIFUL MODERN MISSION FLATS
FOR TOCR RENT MONET.
CC0 Cash, balance rnonth'.y; interest 6 tier
cent; Jnt«-re*t only on unpaid balance; 2
flat*. 4 and 5 rooms and porcelain bath-
tiled mantel, etc.
-TON-STREET RESIDENCE.
I40CO— Modern residence; 7 rooms ana bath and
ba*emer.t: hot house: garden, with c«-
rr.er.t walks; make offer.
A FEW EMA—i. INVESTMENTS
AT A SACRIFICE
FOR IMMEDIATE SALE.
t^TSO— 4 flats cf 5 and 3 rooms; lot 25xS0 ft.:
*very flat rented; near 2d and Howard
Ets.; rents J«2 50 per month; make offer.
KTtO— 5 fine flats of 7 rooms and bath; lot 2Sx
112:6 ft.; rents $372 per annum; near How-
ard and 24th tit.
S3J00— 2 r.!ce appearing, well built flats of 6
rooms and bath; lot 26x100 ft.; rents $33
per month; Florida et., near 23d.
K200— 2 new modern flats of 8 and * rooms and
6 rocmt and bath: lot 26zl0i ft.; rents $35
per month; on Castro et.
r;',oo_2 pubftantlal. well built flats of 5 rooms
and bath; lot CIxl27:C: modern; stinny
?;<!* street; Greenwich et.. nr. Buchanan.
$2500—2 fats, 5 and 4 rooms, and rear bouse, 4
roomy; rents $M per mo.; Sth and Folsom.
• i::-,a_f nap-bargain — reduced from
f $—00.
Fto— » and modern S-roorn flat: ev^ry mod-
ern lrrrrovc-ment; lot Zoxioo; Geary-st.
cars X' a ss.
EAETON. ELDRIDGE _ CO..
C3S Market st.
CLEAN INVESTMENTS
AT A. M. BPECK Cc CO.'S, C67 MARKET#ST.
JIO?.«nD — P«;.-- 5 jvr cent net; near Chronicle.
f:7;,C00 — Pkn € t*r ct-nt net; Market st. ; one
tenant.
j:00,000— P«>-« • per cent; Market ct; always
rented.
$5*0,000 — Pty» 7 per cent; few blocks from
Chronicle.
•75,000— Hajs s per cent; corner; 7S tt. front;
block from Birth and Market sts.; good
future.
$.41. tOO— Pays $C70; rrand corner; all rented.
»52.&OO— Payis S p*>r oent net; grand corner; one
- »¦ :.ml; !<_*>• fi jfsrf.
fjo.ooo — Ttf-nts S2."2; new Improvements.
fii',030— IlejHB $175; corner; new Improve-
ments.
$15.500— H^nts $143; new Improvements. *
tS.&OO— Market -*t. <-orner: store, flat and base-
ment: modern building; former price.
IU.000.
Mu« two fine flats; 6 Hyde st.,
nrar Otv Hall: rents $75.
n.tWl—nent* f70; new flat« near Van Ness ava.
|«.O0f>— I>oM et.; thro« Bats: rent« S60.
tZ.'S/i— JliMBion Jlat»; rrnta J310 annually; near
Twenty-fourth trt.
t:,2««-P.cr.'« 138; Vallejo et.; worth $:M0.
A. M. SPECK _ CO.. CC7 MARKET ST.
*'3B'~" TIIItEH n«w modern flats, with marble
_jr-'- «. frescoed celllnsrs. etc.. In the best rent-
ing section nf the city; 1 block from Halffht-
tt. car*, on Waller st.. near Pierce; rents JS60
r*r >^ar: *mey terms.
8-noOM onttape borne: $50 cash, $10 per month.
THE MCCARTHY CO.. «$ Market «U
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
ALMOKA, corner Twentieth and Mission Sts.—
Beautifully furnished suites or single rooms;'
all modern conveniences; excellent table;
. terms moderate.
HOTEL Sutherland. 731 Sutter St.; choice loca-
tion; sunny rooms with board; first-class with
every convenience.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call, i
16 page.*, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year. ¦;
SPECIAL NOTICES.
P.OOX3 papered from J2 £0; whitened. Jl up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319, Third.
BEST mmp photos and buttons on , earth.
DOUE, 13S0 Market St.. above Jones.
BAD tonants ejected for $4: collection* made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO., :
41!> Montgomery st.. rooms !>-lfl: tel. KSfl.
storage: a.\» warkiiousejT
WILSON Bnos.. storage and mo^inT:"coveredi
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 76!.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. J3:o Flllmore ct.: phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722~l_)8sion St.;
tel. Main lK<fl— Pnrkinc. movlcg and storage.
SEWI.NG MACHINES A5D SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds boujrht, sold and repairing guaran-
teed Chas. Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds boiiK'nt. sold, exrhansed. rented;
rennlrlrcr at Inwut rat»«. in.". Fourth ft.
T\ J I»E\VHITEUS~!\ XD SlTl'LIES.
OP.F.AT BARGAINS IN TYPEWKITK^tS— We
Fell better machines for less mosey thin any
houi-e in tho city: rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. E3S California, telephone Main 26S.
ALWAYS bargain? In "typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to U & M. ALEXANDER.
110 Montcomery st.
' NEW typewriters. S"> down, $5 month payments.
RFVAI.K. 409 California st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES'^
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 1CS (50c per
«hare> of the Oceanic Steamship Company
will be payable at the office of the company,
S27 Market st., on and after Saturday, Sep-
tember 1, 1300. Transfer books close on Sat-
urday, August 23. 1900. at 12 m.
E. H. SHELDON'.' Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Oats and Hay — Depot Quar-
termaster's office, 36 New MontRomery St..
San Francisco, Cal., August 13, 1900.— Sealed
proposals, In triplicate, will be received at
this office until 11 o'clock a. m., August 23.
19C0, Pacific standard time, and then opened
for furnishinc S0OO tons Oats nnd 1300 tons
Compressed Hay. Preference will be given
to articles of domestic production and manu-
facture, conditions of price and quality being
equal (Including In the price of foreign pro-
duction and manufacture the duty thereon),
and such preference will be Riven to articles
of American production and manufacture
produced on the PaciSc Coast, to the extent
of the consumption required by the public
service there. The United States reserves
the right to accept or reject any or all pro-
posals or any part thereof. Information and
blanks for proposals will be furnished on ap-
plication. Knvelopes containing proposals will
be Indorsed "Proposals for Oats and Hay,"
and addressed to Major OSCATt/F. LONG,
Quartermaster, U. S, Vols., Depot Quarter-
master. «
MAKBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
William 8. Hoffmann, 31, Fresno, and Rose
Asher, 24, city.
Philip C. Gorman, S8, city, and Lily I. Chris-
tie, 23, city.
Henry P. Geary, 26, S2 Second street, and
Frieda A. Brlnkman, 20, 341H Fourth avenue.
Vincenso P&squettl, 30, Sutter Creek, and
Lena Caslnelll, "3. city.
John A. Taylor, 32, Riverside, and Harriet E.
Cooper. 2S. The Dalles, Or.
James W. Lawler, 28. 2345 Seventeenth* street,
and Jessie Marshall, 25, 2709 Mariposa street.
J. Forrest Wyman, 27, SOO Baker street, and
B&dite M'.-Laucrlilin, 19, 1409H Scott street.
Leland A. Falkner, 32, Petaluma, and Ruth
A. May, 22. Petaluma.
Wong Nlngr, 41. 375 Geary street, and Souy
Hcx>, 25, 912 Stookton street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted: They must be handed
In at either of the publication oftices and be
lndcrsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
CARONTE— Tn this city. August IS, 1900, to the
wife of Charles C. Caronte, a daughter.
GAGAN— In this city, August 21, 1900. to the
wife of Charles R. Ga&an, twin sons.
JONES— In this city, August 19, 1900, to the
wife of James J. Jones, a daughter.
KAHN— In this city, Aujrust IS, 1900, to the
wife of Jacob Kahn, a. daughter.
MITCHELL-In this city. August 20. 1900, to the
wife of Alfred Mitchell, a daughter.
MULLER— In this city. August 7. 1500, to the
wife of Charles T. Muller. a eon.
NEWLIN— In this city, August 20, 1500, to the
wife of the late Harold P. Newlln, a daugh-
ter.
URQUHART— In Oakland, August 21, 1900, to
the wife of David Urquhart, a daughter.
_____
Allen. John G. R. Lapthorn. James
Brownlee. Kate Lefebvre. Elmer F.
Campbell, James D. Medina, Refijlo
Coy. Georgia H. Mullarkey, John B.
Erskine, Irene M. F. O'Neill. Mary F.
Folger, Seth Paymal, Jane
Fragozo, KafTaella Prince. Rachel
Gareghty, Joseph B. Reed, John
Hahn. Margaret A. Richards. Margaret
Hart, Robert Robinson, Bridget
Hood, George J. Schenck. W. T. Y.
Hoi-iper, Albert Slolund, Emanael
Hudson, Robert G. Snow, Mrs. Sarah M.
Jamison, Helen F. Sweeny, John M.
Johnston. Milton B, Valenzuela. Ellseo M.
Joyce, James Walsh, Edward
Kennedy, Margaret Wilhelm, Jacob
Kidney, John Wilson, Edmund
Kropp. Charles
ALLEN— In this city. August 2L 1900, John G.
R. Allen, son of Cassandra L. Allen and the
late John G." Allen, and brother of Harry I.
and James D. Allen, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 22 years 6 months and 23 days.
(TTFriends and acquaintances and members
of Company K, League of the Cross Cadets.
are respectfully invited to attend the funeral
i at » o'clock, from his late residence, 1531
i Sanchez street, thence to St. Paul's Church,
Twenty-ninth and Church streets, where a
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his «>ul at 8:30 o'clock.
BROWNLEE— In this city, August J9, 1900,
Kate Brownlee. beloved wife of Simon J.
Brownlee, a native of County Limerick, Ire-
land, aged 35 years.
IT—^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), from St. Dominic's Church, cor-
ner Bush and Stelner streets, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 9, o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. /
CAMPBELL— In this city, August 20, 1900, .
James D. Campbell, beloved husband of Cath-
erine Campbell, and father of James^ Archie,
Kate and Alicia Campbell, a native* of Ohio,
aged £2 years 8 months and 20 days.
(EyFYiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1728 Waller street, thence. to St.
Agnes Church. Masonic avenue and Page,
street, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross i
Cemetery.
COY— In this city, August 21. 1900, Georgia H.
Coy. a natix-e of Yorkford, Me., aged 53 years
and 6 months.
C7Frlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Wednes-
day), at 3 o'clock, at her late reeldence, 495
Geary street. Interment private.
ERSKINE- In this city. August 21, 1900. Irene
M. F., beloved daughter of Robert H. and
An.ile Erskine. a native of New York, aged
13 years 7 months and 27 days. . •
FOLGER— In this city, August 20. 1900, Seth.
father of Herbert «*nd Clinton Folger, and
brother ot Mrs. Elizabeth Macy, a native of
Nantucket. Mass., aged. 75 years 4 months
and IS days.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Wednesday), , at 10:30 o'clock, at
Grace Episcopal Church. Interment private.
FRAOOZO— In this city. August 21. 1300, Raf-
faella Frajozo, dearly beloved mother of Mrs.
J. T. Badely, and grandmother of Mrs. H.
O. DagRett. a native of Morelia, Mexico, aged
63 years.
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.; Remains
at the funeral parlors of Valente, Marlnl &
Co., 1524 Stockton street, near Union.
GAREGHTY— In this city. August 19. 1900. Jo-
seph B. Gareghty, son of the late John Ber-
nard and Cecilia Gareghty. and brother of
Rose, Cecilia, Frederick and Matthew Ga-
reghty, a native of San Francisco, ajred 18
years • ' : -.
lETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English," 41 Van Ness, avenue,
thence to Sacred Heart' Church, corner Fill-
more and Fell streets, where a solemn re-
quiem hish-mas8 will be celebrated : for the
repose of his soul,, commencing at » o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ; /; :
IIAIIN— In this city, August 20, 1900. Margaret
A. Hahn. beloved wife of R. C. Hahn, and
mother of Otto H. and Emma M. Hahn. a na-
tive of Baltimore, Md.. aged S2 years and 14'
days. (Baltimore. Md.. papers please, copy.)
CCremation Odd Fellows' Cemetery, this
day (Wednesday), at 2:45 o'clock. .Private.
Please omit flowers.
HART— In this city.- August 18. 1800, Bohert,
beloved son of the late Patrick and Kate
Hart, and brother of .William, John, George
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
I M»i:'-rii»:it* s«jaciri« MMriRK
(PACinc WH— .1
Trains l«>i»»t» imil nri> «»ii«» 1a nrrlx mi
MAX ntAMVUWO,
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street 1
LIati — From AvocsT 12. 1300. — a*«iti
*7:OOa Benlcta, Suisun, Elrair*. TaeavlUv,
Banner ami Macraruanlo *7:l3p
•7:00 \ Shwta Kipress— Datia. Williams (for
- ;. Biurtlett SpriocsX Willows, feed
Bluff. PortUiul. *7i43p
"7l34M Martinez. — n lUmon. Vallejo. Nap*.
C»li!iti'|»aml-S.uif* Km.* *0U9r
•S:«»a D&tK YVoodlu.d. KufghU Ltndloc.
MarjMiiie. Dtoiiilf. «7:l.1p
|*»:0O* Atlantic Kipresa— Ozdou and Eaat M3:iap
•»:««« 50m, Twer, iAlhrop, Stockton •!»:!.¦> t
•»s:io» bail Joae, l.lTennore. K^tckton.
Inne, Sacramento, PHcemile,
M:«r*»fille. Cbico, lUd Itliilf •l:!*r
•S:30«0akd*ir. Chinese (for Yosemlte).
ttottora. Carters. *4:l.tp
•!>:O«» HaiwaHs. Nilti and Waj .Station*. *l lil.t*
*!l:0Oa Lot Angeles Express — Martinez,
Tracy, Lattirop, rttocktoo, Mercsd _
Frenno »i»l Lo« Anfaiei *T:I"*r
•<»:3O » Vallein. Martliw. ami Way fttatlona •ftil-'Vr
•l«:oo* Th-> OwWii.l Li.nitml-Ogitea. Daa-
»er. Omaha. Chtawi •3il3?
¦11)00* Nil-*, Stockton, Sacrament". Men>
dot*. Freaoo, Ilaufurd, VUalU,
rortervKle MiISp
•I I:OO 4 Li»ermor». dacgw. Go»h-n June-
tiuo. Bikrntl«ld.Ixui Anzele*
•Itlinntj H»yv».»r.i», Mies and Way nuUom. • < J»l5r
tliOOp Sacr«innii:n l.'if«» rfte»i>i«i« (3:0i>«
•:5:iM»p Ilaynanlx. Nile* auil Way Sivtiom. •¦•»:•••» r
•4i»«r Mutlim. m»ii lUumn, V^llojo,
N»|><%. t:«H«>..^, Santa Itoaa 'l»il»»
•4i«tir Bfnida. Winters. Haeramento,
U'o.>il!mul, KnUlits Lauding-
I . MarjMillp. Orotii:« »l»!l!l4
'* t;t»r Nil... r-au .!•>¦« »,..lst,Kku,i) •?U."»r
•S:«M»rTli« OttI IJmltnd— TTaey. Tnmnn.
];akenO«lil. .Sanc»s for Santa Bar-
bara. Los Augelet Mrtil-1*
• SiftOp Stockton f »Ui4»4
M:Oiir Now Urleanr Etpins— HakersrioM.
Mawta Karliara. l.im Aii(ole«. l*-io-
l><g. Cl Paso. Now Uriaaaa and
r. M » *7iii»
•StOOr U'vvnnrdit, Nil-iaml S_ti Jois *•' • •??
1«:««f Valloj<» •!»«•.¦»»
•0iO»r Orfmital Mail— Ofl«n. Chejenna.
Omaba. Cble*sn •1*»I5.»
•«:4>4>p Orieotal .'.Uil-Og.leo. Dea»er.
Oreaba. Ch!(rw> M>l*i>
•7iO«» NUes, Tracj. Lathrop. Stockton.... ••ail.ip
J7!Ot»p Vallrji>. Full t'..it% and Way Mta-
tloiia t«>»«V
•8i«-Sr OreuiMi and Oalir,.r..l» K<i-~~.mi%.i.
1 luamla. Mar)n«lll«>. li.nl.liMK.
I'mtl I. fiigHt s....,..l an.l >'»> •¦¦134
COIX1 ItlTIMON (.Xarrni? laiut).
(Foot <>f Mnrket Street.) _^
I? :43a Santa Crai Excursion for Har.5a
« Crui and I'mcijal W*y Station* t a i«tp
•«sl.%» N»«.irii.iViiii-ni:!-.>»fi.l<iii».Kpltii...
ltoiiltler Crrek. San la Crux a ml W •»
HUlUoi.a •*._»e
t'llSr Newark Co..trr»i'.!c. San JoM. N«-
Aimatleii, K>-lf<iii, ISoulder ('reek.
Satita t.'rnx aud I'rincipa! Wat
I Htallwrn •••!."»•»»
MltSr Newark. Sao .lone. I.m Ca'.n »•!•¦*•*
g4il5pGlentroo<l. Fe!ta:i. Santa Crix »t:A«»A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtaSXR rRiSClS'.O — »«'. - )Urk»l SlrHiiS'.nV-
•7:15 !ino I1:00*.M. 11.33 *2 S3 . U33
•4:03 18:03 •l:03r._.
fr»«O»IUHD— r«l »fBiM(l»»7.— *«.OO 8.00 1(1 00 1.*.
tllCO *l:33 t-:CO '3:53 tt;33 *Z:CZr.».
i'OAST Dlf|Sl4»^ (Itroa.l lian K e).
(ililr.l and Towinei.il St-..)
>(i:IOA Ocean View, hontli Man Kmnci.tcn.. \n-.:i»f
| t7:«<»» 8sn Joaa aifl Was HUtl..i» (Now
I Almwlan W w ln»«l«»i«iili) •ls»»»
! }~:30« Sanday Eienrsioo f r Ban Joie,
I Santa Cruz, PadOo Grot* aud
Principal Way Stationi l«:3.1r
•BiOO»M«>. Jim*. Tttta Pi.u.i. HwU I'nK,
racitie <:«»»«. l'**» lt..l>le». M— l
I.ult oi.in,..,. Surf, Loaipoc and
; . l*rinel|ial Way MUtlmia •4»l»r
! ¦lailO* Saa Jom ami Way atatlons •H:_5%
! ¦Ul3O* .Saii.lrme.LosGatosamMVafSUtlniK "•«»•¦
I- |«t43pSan Matcu. U.-.l *.....!. Manlu F-k. ,
; Palo Alto. .SanU Clara. Han JaMI
Trw Pines. Hanta *t<>*. Hallliaa.
Mou i ere j and I'aciile Gru»u tios.irl*
I ?»¦:*•» r Kan Jom and Way Ht.ll.mi •~:.l»r
I fl:l3r San Jo»» an.l r*rincl pal Way Station* ••J:l^«
i rSiKop.-iRii Join, 1jo» Gatoa and Principal
WaySUtiom f»s««*
j •.1:*e»r SanJ.no an.l Prineinal Way Stationt ?•:35a
•«i^«>r San Jiiaeand WayStakiuna t"4;O»»
I »ll:45r 3ai? JoaeaM.1 Way .SUti.ma «7:3i>r
( A for Moniins 1* »tO A f ttrnoon .
I * Daily. t ¦Sunday axeepted. J ftnnd*r only
b Saturday only.
a Saturday and Sund** « Monday only.
! CALIFORNIA NDRTHWESTEBN BY. Ca
LESSEE]
| SAN FRAKCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
1 RAILWAY COMPANY.
'. Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
I SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN KAFAEL.
! WEEK I>AYS— 7.30. »:0O. 11:00 a. m. : IMS.
; J:30. 5:10. 6:W p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
1 at 11:30 r>. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:6*
j and 11:JO d. m. *
I SUNDAYS- S:0O, *:30, 11:00 a. m. : 1:30. 3:30.
| 5:00. 6::o o. m.
I SAN KAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
i WEEK DAYS— «:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.: 12:43.
; 3:49. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:!5 and C:U D. m
8rNDAYS-8:10. »:4?. 11:W a. m.; 1:49. 1:49.
6:05, S:3j p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
tajne schedule as above.
Leave j In Effect. I Arrive
San Franctaco. [Apr. 15, 1900.1 San Francisco*.
Week J Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. [ days, f Destination. | days. I Days.
! 7:30 am! 8:C0 »tn\ Novato. 110:40 am| 1:40 am
I 3:30 pm 9:30 am Petr.luma. C:03 pm!10:33 am
5:13 pm' S:OQ pm! Santa Rusa. [ 7:35 pm; <:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:35 am
HeaM^burj.
Lytton.
O«y«erville.
> S:SO pm 8:C0 am ClQTerdale. 7:35 pm C:!0 pm
7:33 ami I Hopland I I10::s am
I S:30 pm' S:00 am' and Uklah. | 7:33 pm! <:*0 pm
7:39 ami I 10:25 am
I 8:00 am Gcernevtlle. I 7:33 pm
t:3Orrfl[ I C:J)pm
7:30 am 8:00 am! Sonoma t 9:15 am! S:49am
and I
B:19 pm S:0Opmf Glen Ellen. I «:0S pm! «:2» pm
7:30 am] 1:00 am} 10:40 am 10:15 am
3:30 pm: 5:C^pm{ Sebastcpol. 7:35 pm| <:20 pm
Staires connect at Santa Ro«a for Mark Went
6prlnzs and White Sulphur Spring*: at F*ulton
for Altmrla: at Lytton for Lyttcn Springs: at
Geygenrllle for Eluissa Sprints: at Clovwrdal*
for the Oeysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Bprlnr*. Highland Sprtrii?<«. K^lseyville. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Citlah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Eprlnrs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dsll Lake, Witter
Springs. t'Bper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley.
John Day's. R!v»rstde. Llerley's. Bucknell's.
Banhedrin H*l«ht», Hallrme. Orr's Hnt
Sprincs. Mendoclno City. Fort Erasr. 'W»»t-
port. Usal. Wllllts. Lartonvllle. Cummin*.
Bell's gprinr*. Harris. O!*en'», Dyer, ScctU
_nd Eureka.
Saturday to ilonday round trlD tickets at
induced rate«.
On Sund.iy round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices, S50 Market «t.. Chronic!- bids.
«t. C. WHITING, R. X. RTAN.
General Man.-tzer. Oen. Pass. Arent.
NORTH PACIFIC GOaST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallta Ferry.
Commencing: April 23. 1300.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
ANI> 8AN RAFAEL. j."
WEEK DAT&-7:00. »8:3O. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.:
13:45. *l:4S. 3:15. 4:15. *3:15. (:1>. 6:40 p. m
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and "_«_
Rafael, on Mondays. VVedaesdays. Saturdays
and Sundayi. at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
6UNDAYS-7:00. •S.-GO. »J:00. 'lO^. 11:00. U-»
».,m.; U.U. *V30. 3:30. «3:45. 6:00. 1:00. 7:3»
p. rn.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sua-
dars.
Tralm marked (•) ron to Saa Qu»ntla.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCI3CO.
WEEK DAY3-5:35. »«:30. 7.M, 8:40. «10:U i_
m.: 12:30. 1:15. 1:15. 4:30. S:» p. m.
EXTRA TRIP3 on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at »l:43 and 10:20 n, m
BUNDATS-iaj, •»:». •9:50. •ll:C0_ m.; _-M
n_; 1:00. J:_. •!*. 4:30. 'SMJ. «:«. 7:so. w!»
p. m.
Trains marked f*) start from San Quentln.
FROM MIL— VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS-5:5J. 1:45. 1:00. 1:55. 10:JO it
m.: U:«. 1:«. 1:45. 3:30. 4:J0. S:» p. m.
EXTRA TRIP3 on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Ssturdays at T:10 and 10:20 p. m.
BUNDATS- «:K. 8:03. 10:03. U:H> _. m.; js : _l
1:20. 1:30, 1:45. 4:55. «:15. 7:03. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAIXa
7:00 a. ra. week days— Cazadero and way tt*>
tlons.
3:13 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and wax sta-
tions. /
£:15 p. tn. weekdays (Saturdays except :!)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and war sta-
tions.
I 12:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Ra— ts and way
i statloaa. ,¦% v
I T— '
jMOUiNT TAMALPAI3 SCENIC RAILWAY
I Leav« San Francisco via Sausallta Ferry:
WEEK DATS 9:30 a. m.. 1:_ and 5:15 p. m.
SUNDATS 8, 9. 10. 11 a. m.. 1:30, 2:30 p. m.
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return. It 44.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAI3 NOW OPEN.
§k Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
rt 025 HEACSt HT. . _»taollBh«i
gk In 1SS4 lor tbetrtatmeotof Privata
gf Diseases, Lout M_n no,*! Debility or
Bm d Isease ~*BTlng on body sod mi na an a
3 DfaaeaaesTTb* ftoctorcnreswben
M others fall. Try him. Char*** low
J|(qif«juar»n«*fti. Csllorrvrlt*
Dr. J. I'.vIBBOX.Box 1937. 8a_*'r_sc_ co
The Weekly Call
SI pep Year,
OCEAN TRAVEL. J
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
i Steamers leave Broadway I
wharf. San Francisco:
VtSv^j^^ For Alaskan Ports— 11 a.
l§j*iSSfc_ m - - August 13. 24. 73. ?«pt. 3. ,
rgJRlJ>»i»k Change to company's st»am-
Klk N_2r\$S^ er* at ?eattl».
L^SGlXSfl For Victoria. Vancouver
aJgftJ--?gCJ> (B. C.V I'ort Townsend. Se-
attle. Tacoma. Everett. Ana-
*tf|jpjBl cortes and New Whatcom
(Wash.)— 11 a. m., August
19, 24. 29. Sept. 3. and every fifth day there-
after. Change at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and Q. N. R'y; at Seattl*
or, Tacoma to N. P. R'y: at Vancouver to C.
P. R'y.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. tn.. August
18. 21. 2«. 31. Sept. 5. and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. Ban Simeon. Cajru-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo>. Gaviota.
Santa _arbara, Ventura, Huen«m». San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport— 1
a. m.. August 1?. 23. 37. 31. Sept. 4. and every
fourth day thereafter.
I For Pan Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
\ ford (San Luis Obtspo). Santa Barbara. Port
, Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles)— 11
a. m.. August 17. «. 3. 29. Sept. 2. aJid every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Ray. San'Joe* del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pa*. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. ra.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
: foliers.
The company reserves th#» rlrht to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of salllnir
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace .Hotel).
GOODALL. PEHKrs'S * CO.. Oen. Agents.
10 Market st.. Ban Francisco.
~~ THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST RTEAMEnS TO
3? O RTL _£_ 1ST 3D
From Ppesr-street Wharf %* 11 A. M.
PARP * 12 First cla5 » Including Berth
rHfiF. $s Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sal]*
AnrtMt 11. 21. 31
COLUMBIA sails August 1«. 26. Sept. 5
| Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butts.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all prints East.
E. C. WARD. Gen-ral Agent,
«39 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO..
Superintendents.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner F!r«t and Erannan street*, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKOKO. csllln* at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting nt Hongkong with steamers for Tn-
dla. etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Wednesday. August 29. 1900
SS. NIPPON MARU
Saturday. September 22. 19flrt
SS. AMERICA M A RI T .. Wednesday. Oct. 17. 19C0
Via Honolulu.
1 Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
frefght and passage apply at "ompany's office.
421 Market str-et. corner of First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
JTW V0?X 6CC"?~»X~?0V, l0"!Wf. PARll
Stocplnr at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Ever— Wednesday. lt> _, m.
New York.... August Ft New York. Sept. 19
St Paul Sept. S St.' Paul ..Sept. 2S
St. Louis Sejit. 12!St. Louis Oct. 3
RED STAR LINE.
New York ?nd Antwero.
From New York Ever" Wednesday. 12 noon.
Noordland ...August —JWesternland ...Sept. 12
Frie«land Aucrust 2? Kensington Sept. 1*
Southwark Sent. S 1 Nonrdl.ind Sept. 28 ,
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.
30 Montgomery Street.
C0HFAONIE GENERALS TRAKSATLANTIQUB.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. jh_»*
Palling every ThurF.lay. instead of<5nj*_^
Saturday, from November 2, 1SW. at >
10 a: m.. from Pier 42. North River, fact of
Morton street, LA LORRAINK. August 23: LA
TOITRA1NE. Aucust 30: L.AQUITAINE. Sept.
«: LA BRETAGN'E. Sept. 13. First class to
Havre, $S2 50 and upward. Second class to
Havre, £5 and upward: 5 Der rent reduction on
round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED KTATES and CANADA. 32 Broadwav
?Hudson building). New York. J. F. FUGAZI
_ CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, S Montgomery ave-
nue. San Francisco. »
OCEANIC 8. 8. CO.-HONO_TT_1T, APIA
AUCKLAND A>*» SYDNEi'.
S. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only) .... >:5 . r '
Wednesday. August 22. 3 p. m.
S. S. MARIPOSA (via Honolulu) to New
Zealand and Australia Wed.. Sept. 6. S p. m.
I. D. SPR-CKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. !I4 Montgome-
PiOf 7. Foot Pacific St Frairh»Otpr«. 971 M-uMt St
BAY AND BIVER STEAMERS.
Steamer "Alonticello."
HON.. Tues.. Wed., Thurs-. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m., 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. nicht); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and S:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. S
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 130S.
FARE ..../. We
RAILROAD TRAVEIi.
SANTA F*E ROUTE
TRAINS.
MARKET-STREET FERRT.
Leavai Overland: Dally for Chlca- Arrlva: '
go. Kansas City. Denver
and all Eastern points.
El Paso. City of Mex-
Ico, Prescott and Phoe-
nix. Aria., Bakers fie Id.
• _ m. Visalla, Tulare. Han- lp._
ford, Fresno. Merced,
. f ¦ ¦ Stockton. Anttoch. Stand-
ard and Tourist Sleep-
ers to Chicago. Dining
car between Stockton
I and Bakersfleld.
¦¦-•"- ; Stockton Local: For San
4:10 p.m. Pablo. Pinole. Mulr. Bay 11:05 «_n».
Point. Cornwall. Antl- ,
och and Stockton.
Bakersfleld Lecal: For San
Pablo. Pinole. Mulr. Bay
Point. Cornwall. Antl-
S p. m. och, - Stockton, Merced, I a. m.
Fresno, Hanford, ¦ Vlsa-
lia, Tulare and Bakers-
fleld. Sleepers to Fresno
and Bakersfleld. .
TICKET OFFICES: C28 Market at.
Ferry Depot, foot of Market St., San Francisco.
HIS Bread* ay, Oakland.
and Alexander Hart, a nattve of San Fran-
clsco. aged 20 years 7 months and 13 days. (
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr _ Co.. 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth, thence- to St.
Peter's Church. Alabama etreet.near Twenty-
fourth, for services at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HOOD— In thl3 city, August 21. 1900, at his resi-
dence, 131 Hermann street, George J. Hood,
dearly, beloved husband of Mary I* Hood, and
loving' father of Hubbard, Edward and Harry
, Hood, a native of Lancaster, Ohio, aged 07
years 9 months and 10 days.
C^TNotice of funeral hereafter.'
HORIGER-In this city, August 20, 1900, Albert
HnrlRpr, dearly beloved son of Mrs. George
llorlct-r. beloved brother of Edward Horlger
of Columbus. Ohio. Julius Horlger of Florida
and Mrs. Eliza Withoft and Mrs. Laura J«nes
of Columbus, Ohio, and uncle of J. R. Jones
of Sau Francisco, a native of Columbus, Ohio,
ntr<*d SO years and 3 months. (Columbus,
Ohio, papers please copy.)
CFrit-nds and acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors ot
the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company.
120'.' Mission street, between Eighth and
Ninth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HUDSON— In Oakland. August 21. 1900. Robert
George Hudson, beloved husband of Alice
May Hudson, a native of Canada.
JAMISON— In this city. August 21, 1900. Helen
F., beloved daushter of Wallace and Mary
Jamison, and sister of May, Myrtle and Alex-
lnilrina Jamison, a native of isan Francisco,
ORfd 1 year and 6 months.
IGyF.-ieiids and acquaintances are respect-
•> fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
her parent*, 1006 Natoma street.
JOHNPTON-In this city. August 21. 1500, Mil-
ton li.. beloved son of John and Margaret
Johnston and brother of John. Andrew and
Esther Johnston, a native of San Francisco,
a^fcd 8 days.
JOYCE— In this city, August 20, 1900, James
Joyce, beloved father of Mamie and Thomas
Jojxe and Mr?. T. F. Hayden. a native of
County Mayo, Ireland.
ITT'The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1114 Powell street, thence to St.
Marv's (Paullst) Church, corner California
and Dupont streets, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose ot his
noul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
KENNEDY — In this city, August 20, 1900, Mar-
garet wife of the late John Kennedy, a na-
tive of Ayrshire. Scotland, aged 54 years and
10 da;s.
(CT Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Wednes-
day), at 1 o'clock, at the parlors of N. Gray
& Co.. 641 Sacramento street.
KIDNEY— In this city. August 21, 1900, John
Kidney, beloved brother of the late Timothy
Kidney, and beloved uncle of Mrs. Arthur
O'Leary and John, Joseph and Mamie Kid-
ney, a native of Queenstown, County Cork,
Ireland.
(TT'The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his niece. Mrs. Arthur O'Leary. 120
Townsend street, thence to St. Rose's Church,
where services will be held for the repose of
his soul at 2 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery-
KROPP— In this city, August 20. 1900. Charles
Kropp beloved brother of John R. and Her-
man C. Kropp and Mrs. J. Brandt, a native
of New York, aged 43 years. A member of
Alta Lodse No. 205. I. O. O. F. (New York
papers please copy.)
IHTTrlends are Invited to attend the funeral
this day (Wednesday), from I. O. O. F.
Hall, corner Seventh and Market streets,
where services will be held under the aus-
pices of Alta Lodge. -I. O. O. F., commenc-
ing at 2 o'clock. Remains at the parlors of
James McMenomey & Son, 1057 Mission street.
LAPTHORN— In this city, August 20, 1900.
James, beloved husband of Fanle E. Lap-
thorn. and father of Charles H. Lapthorn
and Mrs. R. Ppena. a native of England,
aged 75 vears and 10 months.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2423 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LEFEBVRE— In this city. August 21. 1900, El-
mer Francis, beloved son of Alphonse and
Mamie Lefebvre, a nattve of San Francisco,
aged 2 months and 29 days.
MEDINA— In this city, August 21. 1900, Refi-
jlo Medina, dearly beloved daughter of Apo-
lonla Luna, and stepdaughter of David Mar-
tinez, a native of San Francisco, aged 17
years 1 month and 17 days. •
([^Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of Castagnetto & Ravenna, 643-
643 Vallejo street.
MULLARKEY— In this city, August 21, 1900.
John B. Mullarkey. beloved son of the late
John and Mary Mullarkey. and brother of
Maggie and James Mullarkey, a native ct
Providence, R. I., aged 31 years 9 months and
8 days.
(CTRemalns at the funeral parlors of H. F.
Maass. 917 Mission street, near Fifth. ' .
O'NEILL— In Haywanis. August 21. 1900. Mary
F., beloved wife of the late Assemblyman
Hugh J. O'Neill, daughter of Mrs. Catherine
M. and the late Henry Cincock. and sister of
Mrs. Annie S. Reardon, a native of San Fran-
Cisco, aged 2S years.
CTTriends are respectfully Invited tr> at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Thursday), at
10:30 o'clock, from her late residence, thence.
' to All Saints' Church, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul,' commencing at 11 o'clock.
Interment Hayward* Cemetery.
PAYMAL— In this city, August 21, 1900, Jane
Paymal, a native of Dijon, France, aged So
yearR 7 montlfs and 27 days.
CT'The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1635 Bush street, thence to Notre Dame
des Victolres Church. Bush street, where a
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 9:30'o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PRINCE— In this city. Rachel Prince, beloved
mother of Mrs. D. Crown. Mrs. L. Kahn and
Mrs. J. Label, a native of Germany, aged 74
years.
REED— In the City and County Hospital. Au-
gust 21, ltOO. John Reed, a native of Mary-
lan-1, eged 57 years.
RICHARDS— In this city. August 19, 1300, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of the late Thomas Rich-
ards, and mother of Thomas L. Richards,
Mis. John O'Connell and Daniel B.. Hattle.
Evan K., Edna, Edwin L.. Jennlft and Alice
Richards, a native of Wales, aged 51 years 8
months and 13 days.
IT7"FrlPtids and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from her late
residence, 2526% Putter street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
ROBINSON— In this city. August 19, 1900, Brid-
get, beloved wife of Robert S. Robinson,
mother of Florence and Ethel Robinson,
and sister of Mrs. Proudflt of Los Angeles
and Mrs. Annie Lamb of Chicago, 111., a na-
tive of Chicago. 111., aged 36 years. (Los
Angeles and Chicago, 111., • papers please
copy.)
ICTFrlends are rescectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Wednesday), at
9:30 o'clock a. m., from the parlors of the
United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth street.
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where serv-
ices will be held. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
SCHEXCK— Au'rust 1?, 1900. W. T. Y. Schenck,
in the 5Cth year of his age.
C7 Funeral pen-ices will be held to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, under the auspices
of George H. Thomas Pwt, G. A. R., 320
Post street. Interment private.
SIOLUND— In this city, August 20. 1900, Eman-
uel Siolund, a native of Finland, aged 37
years.
SNOW— In Spanish Valley. Napa County Au-
gust 12, 1900, Mrs. Sarah M. Snow, beloved
wife of J. D. Snow, and mother of Mrs. M.
L. Norman, Mrs. J. P. and L. F. Klemmer,
Mrs. E. Piltz. Mrs. M. S. Gordon, and Miss
Cora Snow, aged 71 years.
SWEENY-In this city, August 20, 1900 at his
residence, 520 Jessie street, John M. beloved
husband of the late Katherlne Sweeny and
father of Alfred. George and Walter Sw'eeny
a native of Tralee, -Ireland, aged 69 years
ICRequlem mass at St. Patrick's Church
Mission street, between Third and Fourth
this day (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock. Friends
are Invited to attend. Interment private.
VALENZUELA— In this city, Ellseo Martin
Valenzuela. a native of San Francisco aged
6 months and 16 days. ' agea
WALSH— In this city, August 21, 1900, Edward
husband of the late Catherine Walsh and !
'father of Fannie, Mary and Bella Walsh and
the late Mrs. B. J. Burr, a native of Ire-
land, aged 77 years.
KTKriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1519 Sacramento street, thence to 8t
Mary's Cathedral where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
MEMBERS of tho Knights of St. Patrick axe
requested to meet at 1519 Sacramento street
to-morrow (Thursday), at 8:45 o'clock, for the
purpose of 'attending the funeral of our late
brother. Edward Walsh.
RICHARD C. O'CONNOR. President.
JAMES F. O'BRIEN. Secretary. reslaenl '
WILHELM— In this city. August 19. 1900, Jacob
' dearly beloved son of Julia and the late Jacob
Wllhelm, and "brother of George, Julia and
Annie Wllhelm. a native of New Tork aged
S2 years lu months and 28 days. A member of
Court Justice No. 16. F. of A., and - Journey-
men Butchers' Association.
t7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2, o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment I O
O. F, Cemetery. .
WILSON— In this city, August 21, 1900 Ed-
mund Wilson, a native of Camden, Me. ' aged
70 years 5 months and 27 days. . *
CyFrlends , and acquaintances are- respect-
fully irevlted to attend the funeral to-morrow
l (Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street. - inter-
ment private. '
HHNRY d. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan _ Gallagher)
" -DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr •
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
W Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
¦ Telephone, South 80. v
TWcAVOY- cSn
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBAUIERS I
1239 Market st.. between Sth and 8th ' I
Telephone South 247. ¦ ¦ ¦• §we are now takings up issues of an In
ternational color.
"I say that when the Paris Commission
met and the treaty of peace with Spain
was agreed upon and accepted by Con
gress the ending should have been
reached, and that ending was reached in
so far as our rights were concerned. But
those rights have been disregarded and
to-day we find ourselves In the midst of
an imperialistic contest, fighting for ter
ritory that our constitution forbids that
we should acquire.
"They tell us that California people are
for Imperialism because It is going to
open your ports and increase your com
merce. I insist that the love of this coun
try and its sacred traditions are dearer
to the Callfornian than the possible ac
quisition of an extra corner lot or a few
more ships of commerce.
Cannot Hold Philippines.
"The United States Government 13 a
government under a written constitution.
I'll go one step further. Under that con
stitution this nation has no power to hold
the Philippine Islands.'*
Mr. Taylor then took f up the trust ques
tion and said If Rockefeller, who Is giving
money to institutions and establishing new
hospitals, desired to pose as a philanthro
pist he could use the remainder of his
fortune In a manner a. thousand times
more acceptable by bringing about condi
tions where so many hospitals would not
be necessary. This love of money and
greed for wealth has cursed and destroyed
mankind since the beginning of the world.
The speaker then paid California a rosy
tribute and incidentally boomed the can
didacy of W. P. Lawlor to succeed him
self as Superior Judge of this city. Mr.
Taylor was on the point of retiring when
a voice from the audience wanted to know
how about the Boers, to which query the
orator replied:
"The heart of this nation Is in sympathy
with the man who fights for his country
and home. The progress of human civ
ilization is oftentimes unutterably cruel.
The Indian held this country, he roamed
it free, the graves of his fathers were
here, he treated the white man with kind
ness and welcome, but where is he to
day? And so it has been. As the sun
rises and sets, so it is the destiny of a
people to either sink or rise."
In regard to the Chinese struggle Mr.
Taylor said that the attempt to hold o»»
to our ¦ Eastern possessions lias opened
the door to the entanglement of politics
of Asia and all England. The present
policy of this administration, he said, is
injurious at home and absolutely destruc
tive of this nation abroad.
In reply to a question, "Would It be
right to give up what we have got in the
tast?" the speaker replied;
"We said at the beginning that this war
was not to be for acquisition. Who holds
title to this land In the Philippines? if
there be anything in the spirit that said
man was capable of self-government this
country ought to be ashamed to reverse
this doctrine anywhere on this earth I
am opposed to holding anybody in sub
jection, be he black or yellow."
Special Corset Sale.
Another lot of travelers' samples and
odd corsets, all colors and sizes value
from 75c to $4 50. will be sold for half
price and less. Also 100 dozen 75c "Coutil'
corsets— five-hook, spoon steel .fv
flossed-at 25c per pair. Chester v
Wright. 6 Geary street, corner Keamy. i
will Have Boxing Matches.
The Golden Gate Amateur Athletic Club
met last evening and arranged for a box
ing exhibition to be held at the clubs
r^? m £ on street Augnst 29 There
I, 1 , 1 . be , te i 1 four -™und goes* and the list
will include A Monte and Young Jeffri" s
«ohVft COrm , 1C £,^ d / ack Willie
SSM Kld Dod3On ' Jlm Daly, and
"The Brownies" This Afternoon.
So great was the interest taken In "The
Brownies in Fairyland" last week that
two special productions will be given at
the California Theater this and to-morrow
afternoon. Many new specialties will be
Introduced and nearly one hundred and
fifty children take part in the produc
tion. - -
Primary Election.
*
UproariousConfusion
at Shiels Hall Pro
duced by a Gang
of Rounders.
THE proceedings of the gathering last
night at Shiels Hall resulting from a
circular issuc-d by twenty-eight
Kelly-Criminir.s members of the
Republican County Central Committee be
gan by a declaration by Chairman Alfred
Bouvitr of the meeting's- irregularity.
Bouvier addressed the audience from the
floor of the hall. He said:~
"Gentlemen, 1 would like to say to you
that I am in receipt of this circular pur
porting io be a call for a meeting of the
County Central Committee (reading the
circular). There is absolutely no machin
ery provided for calling a meeting of the
committee In this manner, it there were.
there la still no meeting to-night because
no pun»ose is stated in the circular sent
as notification to the members. Therefore
there is no meeting to-night. There can't
he a meeting and anything you do here
cannot boar ihe slightest semblance to
legality. I state this as a fact for your
information and not as a presiding officer
here. Gentlemen, 1 bid you good-even
ing." .
And Bouvier left the hall.
Augustus Tilden at" once called for the
first vice chairman, but there was no re-'
Fpcnse,. He called foxr the second vice
chairman and still there was no response.
The uproar bejran at or.ce, ar:d Tilden said
that as a member of the committee he
would take the chair till organization
could be effected. He called for Secre
tary Wilson, but that gentleman declined
to act. and Georere Sharp was ai>pointed
temporary secretary.
When ihe attempt was made to elect
Tilden anu Sharp chairman and secretary
for the evening, a stormy scene ensued, |
and the etortn lasted until an adjourn- !
ment was taken Two hours later. A. Ruef.' '
J. F. Borne. Adrian Smith, A. B. Tru
man an<l 1. J. Truman Jr.. began a policy
of obstruction that was intended to cm- i
rhasizo the irrrtrularity of the meeting. |
Only a Gathering.
Adrian Smith made the point of order
Futile Efforts of Kelly
and Crimmins to
Defeat an Honest
DISGRACEFUL SCHEME OF BOSSES TO
THWART REPUBLICAN COUNTY COMMITTEE
FUTILE AMD FARCICAL EFFORT OF THE BOSSES.
yj DISGRACEFUL but futile effort was made last night by twenty-five committeemen, wear-
ing the brand of Kelly, Crimmins and Herrin, to overthrow the plan regularly adopted by
the Republican County Committee for conducting the primary election on line's of decency
and honesty. proceedings from start to finish [were uproarious and farcical. Before the
tzveniy-fivc kickers started in to 'make a show of their weakness and . subserviency, Alfred Bou-,
zier. chairman of the County Committee, duly informed every one present that no meeting of the
County Committee had been called and that no meeting .would be held. The boss-branded commit
teemen, backed by a JwzMing mob of rounders and loafers, decided, however, to remain. After
many calls had been made for well-known members to preside, Augustus Tilden, who is supposed
to be seeking the favor of Kelly and Crimmins for nomination to the office of Justice of the
Peace, was elected to handle the gavel.
_.;. James A. Wilson, the regular secretary, refused to participate in the conference, hence
another man was chosen to act. The roll call was a holding farce. An old list of names was used.
As a name was called twenty rounders in the rear of the hall shouted, "Here." Several well
known and reputable members of the County Committee, who remained to see the circus, enlivened
the. proceedings by raising points of order. They made a monkey of the chairman to such a de
gree that he lost his temper and used profane and insulting language.
He was told that he zcas hanging his head with shame for the part that he was acting and
was asked to state frankly if he was not performing the service assigned to him in consideration
of a promise from Kelly and Crimmins that they would give him the nomination for Justice of the
Peace.
Practically nothing zvas done at the conference. A. resolution to appeal to the State Cen
tral Committee was declared adopted, but notice of reconsideration given by A. Ruef leaves the
subject pending. When the meeting adjourned the boss sympathisers admitted their defeat and
sci'cral of them applied for recognition.
It is doubtful if the protest from the kickers will be lodged with the State' Central Com
mittee, as the plan provided by the Republican County Committee gives- every honest citizen an op
portunity to vote once and to have his vote counted. The official call, signed by Alfred Bouvier,
chairman, and James A. Wilson, secretary, is published elsewhere in this paper.* Delegate tickets
to be voted for next Friday must be filed with the County Committee on or before noon to-day.
The tickets, uniform in size and color of the paper, must be obtained from the County Committee.
Credentials attesting the election of delegates must be signed by the chairman and secretary of the
Republican County Committee.
The bosses, Kelly, Crimmins and Herrin, have made a desperate effort to seize the Republican
local organization, but owing to the firmness and integrity of a majority of the County Committee,
plans to prevent as far as possible stuffing and repeating have been adopted. It remains nozu for
Republican citizens to go to the polls and vote the anti-boss ticket. '<
.."We can see that by your rulings," Ruef
retorted. "But as chairman of a special
meeting without a; purpose ;' I appeal to
you.; Can ! a resolution be ; changed and
emasculated in this manner?" •¦ ¦-"
The point was ruled not well taken, and
amid sreat confusion a vote on Samuels'
Tilden ruled Ruef 's point of order not
well taken, and Leon Samuels urought
things to a crisis by offering a resolution
the passage of which waa the purpose of
the Kelly-Crimmins people in calling the
meeting. The resolution stated that cer
tain powers, which were named, were
conferred on the chairman and secretary
of the County Central Committee by the
resolution providing for the primary elec
tion, and that all others purporting to be
exercised under that resolution were in
! violation of it . and "are hereby declared
to be null and void and of no effect." The
powers named did not include that of ap
pointing a returning board. ;' -
I. J. Truman. Jr. reinforced the band of
obstructionists by declaring that the reso
lution went beyond the purpose stated in
the call for the meeting.. Ruef made the
point of order also that a resolution regu
larly adopted could not be changed sub
sequently by the adoption of another res
olution..; He appealed to Tilden "as an at
torney of standing and ability." -
Tilden ruled against him, and • said he
was not acting in his;capacity of attor
ney. ¦¦•;¦_.• . . , - ' ¦- -
The Bosses' Resolution.
"In the call for this meeting sent to
members," Ruef said, "the purpose is
omitted. There is nothing in it that gives
the slightest clew to the purpose of this
meetlnc"
George Sharp, from the Secretary's
desk, reported that all the members of
the committee were present. He moved
that three sergeants at arms be appointed
to preserve order. Adrian Smith offered
an amendment that ninety be appointed,
each a member of the County Central
Committee, since they were all there, but
Tilden tr!ed to put Sharp's motion, which
had no second.
"Whose motion Is that?" asked A. B.
Truman. "Have Kelly and Crlmmlns
promised you a nomination as Justice of
the Peace if you put a motion that has
not been made? If you get a nomination
through Kelly and Crimmins you will
never be elected. The Republican ticket
is a winner, but not a nomination from
those people."
Smith insisted on his amendment for
ninety sergeants at arms.
"It would take twice that many to sup
press you," Tilden responded.
"Your remark is unparliamentary and
ungentlemanly,". Smith shouted. "Any
man who will be on one side on Monday
night and on the other on Tuesday night
has no right to make such a remark. I
insist on an apology."
Tilden refused to make an apology and
t - i to drown Smith's voice by pound
ing with his gavel. Smith said Tilden
lacked the first item of self-respect. Til
den said something that was not heard
by many, but A. B. Truman said that the
chairman had called Smith a "d d
liar." More confusion followed, and the
body gave three cheers for Tilden.
Mr. Metzner insisted on a ruling on his
point of order that members had not been
notified forty-eight hours before the
meeting. J. P. Kelly came to the front
as a parliamentarian by moving that the
point of order be laid on the table, and
then moved that the privileges of the
floor be denied to Boyne, Smith and Tru
man. Boyne said he was there by invita
tion and they would have to put him out
if they wanted to get rid of him.
'.'Is this , a general or a special meet
ing?" asked Ruef.
"A special meeting," replied Tilden.
"Then what is its purpose?"
"I will say to you, and your abettors—"
began Tilden.
"You can't apply criminal terms to me,"
Ruef interrupted, and Tilden withdrew
the expression, but said that the meeting
was called in good faith to determine the
powers of the regular chairman in ap
pointing committees under the call for a
primary election. - . .
Needed Sergeants at Arms.
personal encounter. Sharp kept right on
calling the roll, the lobby doing the ans
wering and Boyne the objecting.
"Don't be a fool, Boyne,"* Tilden said
from the chair.
"I'm only trying to keep you from mak
ing a fool of yourself," Boyne retorted.
William Metzner made the point of or
der that the circular call for the meeting
had not reached many of the members of
the committee forty-eight hours prior to
the meeting, as provided in the by-laws.
The chair gave no ruling.
that the meeting was not a county com
mittee meeting, but simply a gathering of
members of the committee, and insisted
on a ruling, but Tilden refused to decide
the point.
"If this is a meeting of the committee,"
shouted J. G. Boyne, "I insist on a roll
call. But it is not a meeting. We are
only talking among ourselves."
George Snarp began a rollcall and Ruef
arose to a point of order. Sharp went
rifiht on with the rollcall, but the con
fusion was so great that no one could hear
the names called, and the lobby generous
ly shouted "Here!" in chorus each time.
Sharp's mouth framed the sounds that
were not heard.
"I insist on my point of order,'/ Ruef
shouted, "and no Mr. Shnrp can keep me
from making it. That is no official roll.
It is full of errors, omissions, mistakes
and dead men's names."
Tilden ruled that the roll was the regu
lar county committee roll. Adrian Smith
and A. B. Truman were both on their
feet with points of order and . Boyne's
voice topped all the confusion with de
mands that they be recognized.
Dr. R. C. Myer wanted a sergeant-at
arms appointed, and for a moment it
looked as if he and Boyne might have a
The Hon. M. F.' Taylor Scores
Administration's Foreign Pol
icy, Roasts the Trusts and
Denounces the Bosr Wap.
Bryan was eulogized, McKInley was
roasted, imperialism was deplored, trusts
were condemned and the Republican party
and its principles generally were belittled
at a Bryan and Stevenson rally in Metro
politan Temple on Fifth street last even
ing. Democrats and a generous sprinkling
of curious Republicans filled the big au
ditorium to Its seating capacity. The
speaker of the evening was the Hon. M.
F. Taylor, who stumped the principal
cities of the United States in 1SS6 for
Bryan and "Sixteen to one."
A couple of big bonflres on Fifth street
and the blare of a brass band attracted
a crowd and as early as 8 o'clock the
temple was pretty well filled. Red, white
and blue bunting was festooned around
the gallery railing and back of the stage
were American flags tastefully draped
around a silver shield, which was sur
mounted by the head of an eagle. Al
though 200 invitations were sent to promi
nent Democrats to occupy seats on the
platform only about fifty responded, and
they marched in at 8:30 o'clock to the
strains of "There'll Be a Hot Time."
Among those on the platform' were Cap
tain C. H. Maddox, J. J. Valentine.
County Attorney F. K. Lane, Assessor
Washington Dodge, District Attorney
Lewis F. Byington, W. B. Croux, J. J.
r>wyer, Seth Alann, C. W. Reed, Judge
bulllvan, Judge Evans, Charles Giiday, J.
A. Jones, Charles H. Swelgert and E. J.
I' oster. In the absence of ex-Governor
James H. Budd, who was detained by Ill
ness, Senator J. C. Sims presided. He
said he would simply, ring up the curtain
and announce the prologue of the play-
He paid Mr. Bryan a flattering tribute,
which elicited applause. Bryan, he said,
should be supported with enthusiasm, not
because of his stainless integrity and
purity In life or of his conspicuous fitness
to discharge the duties of President, but
because he is the standard bearer of those
principles calculated to perpetuate and
preserve the nation and Us great insti
tutions.
Taylor's Speech.
Hon. AI. F. Taylor was then Introduced,
and he spoke for an hour and a half,
touching upon all the main Issues in the
campaign, besides giving his views on the
China situation and the Boer war, the
latter beine made at the request of an
uncertain individual in the audience.
"I shall never forget my first Introduc
tion to a California audience," he began.
"I came here four years ago. broken down
In; health and almost on the verge of my
grave. Judge Lawlor brought me around
here one night and told me to talk to
you twenty minutes and not say anything
I had been used to talking an hour and
not saying anything, so it was a treat for
me that night. I faced a big audience
and that occasion began one of the pleas
antest experiences I ever had. I brought
to you then the name of William J. Bryan
and I am back again to-night with the
same name, and if God gives him life we
will be back with him again and again
until you have dealt with him as he deals
with you. In the last campaign the is
sues were mainly national. There was
practically no difference In the positions
of the two parties, excepting on the
money question. The controversy has
now passed beyond mere national lines
resolution was taken and the resolution
was declared adopted.
thai 1 ** chan f| d his vote and gave notice
wlt\ would move to reconsider at the
npfli/?*H. ar me ?, tln S of the committee. In
"jfj" forestall such action, Leon Sam
uels moved a reconsideration at once. The
?o«P« n tw S v, voted down> and Ruef * avo
notice that he would move a reconsidera
tion motion for a reconsidera-
Samuels then offered another resolution,
thf £ U n P ? rt of wh'ch ™as that provided
tnf« V?* l u at i he P rimar y were. of a cer
tain width and of a proper length, they
should not be declared illegal because they
„? ,u no^ been by the chairman
of the County Central Committee or by a
subcommittee. The resolutions were so
plainly out of order even at this disorder
ly meeting that Tilden was forced so to
rule when the point was pressed by I J
Truman Jr.
An adjournment was taken without fur
ther attempt to regulate the affairs of the
DEMOCRATS FIRE
OPENING GUN OF
FALL CAMPAIGN
The Anti-Boss Forces
Stand Firm and
Hold Possession of
the Works.
Farcical Appeal to
State Committee
the Last Resort of
Kickers.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 22, 1900.
12
Steamer.
'rom.
>ue.
— r ~ — ~
Washtenaw Tacoma Aug. 22
Eureka HumboMt Aug. 22
Columbia Portland Auk. SJ
Corona San Diego Auk. 23
Crescent City .. Crescent City Aug. 23
Tanls I Hamburg Ann. 23
Point Arena. ...(Point Arena Aug. 23
Pomona Seattle |Aug. 24
Marlposa Sydney lAug. 24
Coqullle River. Son Pedro. ..z:.'..~. (Aug. 23
Bonlta •. Newport Aug. 25
City of Puebla. Victoria Aug. 25
Ran Mateo Nanalmo Aujr. 2S
Curacao Mexico Aug. 17
Ranta Rosa San Diego Aujj . ?'
Empire Coos Bay Aug. 27
Mackinaw Seattle Auk. 27
China China and Japan Auir. :s
State, of Cal Portland.. • Aug. 23
Arcata ICoos Bay IAur.23
Coos Bay (Newport [Aupr. £"¦>
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. | Pier.
Australia ,.|Honolulu Aug. 22, 2 pmjpier 7
Coos Bay.. Newport Aupr. 23, 0 am Pier U
Barracouta Cen. America Aug. 23, 12 m PMSS
Eureka .... Humboldt Aug. 23. 10 am Pier 11
Arcata Coos Bay....L. Auk. 23. 12 m Pier 13
Umatllla ..Victoria U Aug. 24, 11 am Pier 9
North Fork Humboldt Aug. 24. 12 m Pier 2
Czarina .... Seattle.... Aug. 24, 11 am Pier 11
Corona San Diego Aug. 25, 11 am Pier 11
Columbia .. Portland Aug. 26, 11 am Pier 24
Pomona ...Humboldt ". Aug. 26, 2 pm Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Aug. 27, 3 pm Pier 2
Bonlta Newport Aug. 27, 9 am Pier 11
Coqullle R. Grays Harbor Aug. 25
Peru ¦ New York Aug. 28. 12 m PMSS
.-^ ' ADVERTISEMENTS.
This week we will show enormous
Quantities of NEW GOODS in all our
departments, and call special atten-
tion to the following six lines.
7 cases BLACK IMPORTED DRESS FABRICS, In Figured
Poplins, Brocatelles, Pierolas, JacauarcLs, silk and
Wool Matlasse, Venetian Cashmere anl Amazon
Cloths.
4 cases PRINTED FRENCH FLANNELS, in white and
dark grounds, small and medium dots, assorted
stripes, and small, large and medium figures.
2 cases LADIES' BLACK SILK SKIRTS, with corded
ruffles, Spanish flounces and accordion pleated, in
hoth Taffeta and Peau de Sole.
1 case LADIES' FEATHER SCARFS, In all the new shades
of grau, also natural and hlack, lengths 1, U, \\ and
2 uards.
3 cases NEW RIBBONS, in Satin Florentine, Brilliant
Merveilleux, Satin Lihertu, Ottoman and New
Weaves of Wash Rihhons.
l case LADIES' NECKWEAR, in Jahots, Ties, Scarfsj
also a large importation of NEW EMBROIDERIES, In
all widths, hoth edgings and lnsertings.
NOTE.
Our customers In the Interior are retmested to
write for samples of our NEW FALL GOODS.
1H. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
S. S. Stewart
Banjos
Geo. Bauer
Guitars and
Mandolins \
These famous makes are played
the world over by professionals
teachers ajid amateurs, and are
recognized as the finest Instru-
ments made. They have gained
this popularity solely through
merit— the tone, durability, and fin-
ish of the instruments being per-
fection itself.
Every Instrument Is individually
made, registered and guaranteed.
Farland, the , banjo virtuoso of
the world, plays exclusively on a
Stewart.-.
Knell, the greatest American
mandolin player, plays solely on a
Geo. Bauer mandolin.
Fiset, the most noted exponent of
guitar playing, uses a Geo. Bauer
Instrument exclusively. , S
The judgment of ; these men is
worth" your consideration.
Sherman, C lay & Co.,
Stcinway Piono Dealers,
' Cor.' Kearny and Sutter sts.. S. P.
Cor. 13th and Broadway. Oakland. '
Swim at the Crystal Baths.
necommended by physicians. Water always
clean and warm. Tub department beat la city.*
J. Bertz has reopened the Central Dining-
rooms. 24 Ellis. His reputation guarantees ex-
cellence. ' . •
Cowley County, Kansas, has a girl
Coroner, gggsevgi
i Ladles' tailor-mad.- suits, «nV «klrta. tor
capes; liberal credit. M. Rothschild, 5M Sutler. •
| v v- Made by our Mr. Julius
\ •f^ rt^v^f^S7fe ~"'" : . m\ W. Raphael, 'now in New
f\ , v \yf \ ' '\ \ .•; York, having closed out a
/• \ -\\1 ( 0 \ "Y' \ manufacturer's surplus
/ A \ \ \ . \ \ ¦/¦ stock at one = half the
/ - r » l \° \ '"I \ ¦ ¦ 5 value.
/- -'.]",} -\ \ |c;'te^|vf:^\ Every one of these suits
/ ' '£ • I.- .1 ¦ II 'A J V ls a bona-fJde.$]15 value,
f'+yd , ' 'i 1 l ft V~*IS^j '•¦¦? and the special sale price
I » || j . | This Fs '
I f llw^W Ov I Lucky Day
fi -^ 1\jF ' V y '^\ \ * Bf " Am3 5nd f ed they are
-• mt fUK'vW V^iHr Il^F - ; great values. They com =
'¦-¦'* fr R§ IBBWPi I^'"^''IH^^ ¦ P nse ¦ a " new faM .and
' AhR^'H- 1^'1B«Iw^«* ' \ w5nter weights, In blues
% MfBSs'tM Wfy' iiC?CIl $ and blacks, the new Cx=
imW^i'M V*%\ :r " • ford mlxtures » the swell
JPPlli^'**! wM < Scotches in the new- her-
Sj : ?3 fesi?^ S ringbone, weaves, ¦' hand -
V SSaJllypW^ ''" ; . some checks. Not a suit
'•;- . \S5^ II ¦ The only apology, we can
S\- ' ¦, ¦ ;v make for 'em is the price—
l ~" ~ "^^ ~ —^ Ayl 11 11
? A PHA 17T 'Q tup Y «u Know
-LJULJL XaJTLAJJLJ kJ* 111U What sort of barga3n=
THP p D|^ rn D givers we are— the earJy
Inb rRlbvO BOYS, comers of course gather
Corner Kearny Street and Union Square Avenue. . the plums.
Country Houses, Hotels, Flats
and Cottages Furnished
Complete.
CREDIT IF DESIRED.
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Open Evenlnss. Near PowsIL
Free Delivery Within 200 Miles.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY I <C5^
No Plates Required. yQ
(\XTR REMOVABLE BRIDGE WORK IS
f beautiful and durable. Warranted 10 y*ari.
Our »5 Plates fit like a glove.
Our method for painless extracting la patented
and used by no other dentist on th« Paciflo
CoaM.
PRICE LIST FOR 30 DAYS I
Painless Extraction 23«
Removable Bridgework 93.00
Amalgam SOe
Mrs. Dr. R. L. Walsh will attend to the chil-
dren's teeth— painlessly.
DR. R. U. WALSH.
813*i GEARY STREET. between Hyda and
Larkln. Telephone Polk 1135.
|§l§rcll|i[^ SAME SHAPE
PEERLESS OIL COMPANY
IS PREPARED TO SCPPLT
FUEL OIL
By the carload. Jn any quantity, at any rail-
road station.
Address Room 47. Eighth Floor. Mllla Build-
ing. San Francisco.
T^mcmltyT
miUS WELL-KSOW.N AND RKLIABT.TCOI.i>
A *peclnlMtcure« Private. ZServou*. anU Blood U.C.
ease* of Jtcn onitf. Booti on lTivnie Wseaaes r.M
Weaknesses of .Men. fret. Over20y'ri'exp«>riem4
PatienMcuredal Home. Terms reasonable. Hour*9
to.4<l:iily : i- fc :SHoS:Ho «. Vi r s . s.i.i.luvs. lfttnl'i fnn«ul-
tation free ami nacredly confidential. Coll. or address
P. ROSCOK McM'l.TY, 31. 1>.
BGJ£ Kearny St., San Franciacu. C»L