VOLUME LXXXVIII-XO. 106.
Continued on Second Pagja,
REPORT ON DAMAGE <
TO GOVERNMENT WORKS
WASHINGTON, Sept. 13.— General John
M. "Wilson, Chief of Engineers, U. s. a.,
has been endeavoring to communicate
with the,: officers ". of the engineers in
charge at Galveston to ascertain the con
ditions of the fortifications and the har
bor improvements, upon which more, than
$8,000,000 has been expended. General Wil
son. also was anxious to know, whether
there had been any loss of life among the
men in his department. '-" This morning he
received, two dispatches, one of which had
been delayed in transmission. . They are
as follows: . . "•" . - .
'...O ALVESTON, Sept. 10. —General , Wilson,
Chief: of Engineers, ¦ Army, Washington : , Hur
ricane caused tide twelve to fourteen feet above
mean low: Jetties seem to have settled, cannot
yet be with tide three feet above,' probably seri
ously { damaged. . Batteries > practically \ ruined, 4
nothing but. concrete : portions left; casemate,"
torpedo : buildings. -': warehouses, coal : wharf,'
¦wiped out ; r dredge r Comstock, > beached : on ' Pell
can " flats, will . have - to be dug out; -'crew- all
Government works, said to a News re
porter:
. "Jetties sunk nearly to mean low tide
level, but not seriously breached. Chan
nel at least as good as before, perhaps
better; twenty-five feet certainly."
The damage at. Fort Crockett, Captain
Riche says, is not serious. The shore line
at Fort Crockett has moved back about
C00 feet. Fort San Jacinto appears to be
badly wrecked. The San Jacinto batteries
could not be reached by land, and inspec
tion was from a distance. The sand
around these batteries is pretty well
leveled off to about two or three feet
above mean low tide. "
At Fort Travis Bolivar Point, the dam
age is great. The shore "line has moved
back about one hundred feet on the line
of these batteries.
ALL HIS RELATIONS PERISHED.
LA JUNTA. Colo., Sept. 13.-C. J.
Sealy. a young man of Galveston. who is
in this city, has received a telegram from
the Mayor of Galveston informing him of
the death of. twenty-one of his relatives,
among whom are his mother, two sisters
and three brothers. He said to-day that
he did not believe he ha*l a relative left
cn earth.
saved. Tug Anna at Velasco, In Brazos River,
has not yet been heard from. Assistant En
gineer Tallfor was on the Anna: Superintend
ent Campbell probably also. Superintendent
Hlnkle, at Aransas Fass,' not yet heard from;
other assistants and clerks safe. Captain Jud
son's wife reported here drowned; cannot verify
this; self and family sate. Rafterty, Baxter,
Nichols tind _Ixmgive safe. They have prob
ably "wired "department already. I Further de
tails of importance as ascertained.
. RICHE, Knglneers.
GALVESTON." Sept. 12.-Chlef of Engineers.
Washincton: Tug- Anna ashore In Brazos
River., just ~ lielow lighthouse; all hands eafe.
Pepth of water in usual' entrance channel here
reported rhoaled. to- twenty '.feet;, probably Is
deeper , elsewhere. Have arranged, with '¦ Con
tractor Clarke to float Anna, also to bring. his
dredge ; from Plaquemlne | Bayou here to dredge
out ' Government dredge Comstock so she may be
available for urgent 'work.*- 1 ,
'._' RICHE. Englneera.
DAMAGE DONE AT FORTS.
;" GALVESTON," Tex.. ' Sept. 13.— Captain
Charles: S.'Riche, U. S. A.', after he had
completed a tour of inspection of the
GALVESTON, Texas. Sept. 13.—Gal
veston is beginning slowly to re
cover from the stunning blow of
last week, and though the city ap
pears to-night to be pitilessly des
olated the authorities, the commercial and
the industrial interests are setting their
forces to work and a start has at least
been made toward the resumption of busi
ness on a moderate scale. The presence
of. the troops has had a beneficial effect
upon the criminal classes and the fear of
a brief but desperate reign of anarchy
now no longer ekists. The liquor saloons
have at least temporarily gone out of
business and every strong limbed man
who has not his own abode to look after
is being pressed into service, so that, first
of all, the water service may be resumed,
the gutters flushed and the streets lighted.
The further the ruins are dug into the
greater becomes the increase in the num
ber of those who perished as their houses
tumbled about their heads. On the lower
beach yesterday a searching party found
a score of corpses within a small area,
going to show that the bulwarkof debris
that lies straight across the island.con
ceals many more bodies than have been
accounted for.- •
Volunteer gangs continue their work of
hurried burial of the corpses they find 'oh
the shores of Galveston Island, arid at the
many neighboring points where fatalities
attended the storm. .It .will be probably,
many days yet, however, before all the
floating bodies have found •- graves.
Bodies Washed Up.
'Along the beach bodies are constantly
being washed up. \ Whether' these arc
those which were swept out into the gulf
and drowned, or simply the return ashore
of some of those .cast, into the sea to
guard' against terrible pestilence, there is
no means of knowing. In any event the
Associated Press" correspondent In' a "trip
across the bay yesterday counted several
bodies tossing in the waves with a. num
ber of carcasses of cattle and horses.' the
stench of which was unbearable. la many
parts of the city the smell of decomposing
flesh Is apparent. Wherever such in
stahcoa are found' the authorities "are free
ly disinfecting. Only_ to-day a' babe lashea
to a mattress was picked up under a resl,
dence in .the very, heart of, the city and
buried. ... . . ;'. . . •. . . . .
.The city still presents the appearance of
widespread .wreck and ruin.- . Little -has
been done to clear- the streets of the ter
rible tangle of- wires and the masses -of
wreck, mortar, slate, stone and glass that
nish outgoing ; cargoes. These bridges
were each about three miles in length,
and the work of reconstruction will be a
stupendous undertaking.
One of the most serious results of the
storm has been the wrecking of the elec
tric light and street car plants. The city
has been In darkness for several nights
ajid only a few concerns which operate
their, own illuminating service are enabled
to do business: | Nearly every residence
has gone back to the primitive candle.
The absence of street lights drives all who
have no imperative bustness on'the streets
to their homes at nightfall, but the work
*)f the patrol system Is made more' diffi
cult thereby and the opportunity for loot
ing greater.
The jinotormen deserted their cars when
the fury of the wind and the rush of the
water made it no longer possible to oper
ate them. Attempts are being made now
to get the cars in. shape again. The great
destruction of livestock has eliminated
carriages and cabs as a means of trans
portation, and the need of the trolley
promises to beccme a most pressing one
when rebuilding begins. . ,
i Among the worst sufferers by the dis
aster were the ' churches. Nearly every
one of them felt the effect of the storm.
Some of them are wrecked beyond repair.
; Relief "Work Proceeds,
j The work of relief continues. Mayor
Jones and his associates are bending
every, nerve to open a direct line of trans
portation with Houston by which he may
be enabled promptly to receive the great
quantity of provisions which are now on
the way to the city.
""I 'wish to say, however," said Mayor
Jones, "we have made such arrangements
as will make it possible for us to feed the
needy until we can get in our supplies.
"We are relieving every case' presented to
us. I think within a day or two our trans
portation facilities will be sufficient tem
porarily to meet our needs. Galveston
has ! helped other, cities In their 'distress,
despite her' size, and we are consoled by
the generous /response of the country to
our appeal."
The relief committee ia striving to sys
tematize its work, and there Is undoubt
edly distress here which ought promptly
to be relieved.' Weazen-faced, bare-footed
j children ¦ were engaged yesterday In the
. streets • In eagerly appropriating spoiled
' and cast-off stocks of r"o<V.. The commit
tee has instructed the local drug stores
to provide the poor and needy with medi
cines at the expense of the relief fund.
bestrew them. of the sidewalks are
Impassable. Some of them are littered
with debris. Others are so thickly cov
ered with slime that walking on them is
out of the Question.
As a general rule substantial frame
buildings withstood better the blasts of
the gale than those of brick. In other in
stances, however, ' small wooden struc
tures, cisterns and whole sides of houses
have been plumped down in streets or
back yards squares away from where they
originally stood.'
Work of Reconstruction.
Here and there business men have al
ready put men to work to repair the dam
age done, but In the main the commercial
Interests seem to be unable to follow the
lead of those who show faith in the rapid
rehabilitation of the island city.
The appearance of the newspapers to
day after a suspension of several days Is
having a good effect, and both the News
and the Tribune are urging prompt suc
coring 'of the . suffering, and - then equal
promptness in ; reconstruction. It. is, diffi
cult to; say yet .what the ultimate effect
of the disaster is to be on the city. Many
people have left and some may never re
turn. The experiences. of. others still here
were so frightful that all will not remain
if they can conveniently find occupation
in other cities. ' ' ..'* \ ¦¦.'
-The bulk of the population, however. Is
only temporarily panicstricken, and there
are hosts, of those who helped' to make
Galveston prosperous who look upon the
catastrophe as involving-. only a temporary
halt in the advancement of the city.*";
'What is most bothering business men at
present is what attitude the railroads, and
especially the? Southern Pacific, will .as
sume with" respect to, reconstructing. The
decision of the transportation lines will
do much more than ; anything to restore
confidence. 13ig ships, new arrivals, rode
at anchor to-day in front of the city. They
had Just- reached the port and found the
dock and pier damage so widespread that
no accommodation -could'be given to them.
Thby found sheds torn away, .freight cars
overturned and planking ripped off. ¦
Steamers High and Dry.
Th'e steamships~reported ashore in early
reports are, save . two, the,. Xorweglan
steamer Gyller and : the British steamer
Norma, still j high and dry. No examina
tion is yet possible as to the condition of
those' still on the send. . . *. . ',
Apparently Galveston has no Immediate
need for ships. The destruction j of the
bridges of all the railroads entering the
city makes It well nigh Impossible to fur-
Presence OF Troops in the Stricken City
Has Checked the Reign of Anarchy.
Relief and Reconstruction Proceed.
M'KIBBEN TELLS
OF TERRIBLE CONDITIONS
WASHINGTON, Sept. 13.*-The War De
partment has received the following tele.
gram from General ilcKlbben, who was
sent to Galveston to report on conditions
there:.. • -¦- .,• • - t - ¦¦ .» s
HOUSTON, Tex.. Sept. 12.-r-AdJutarit General.
Washington: ' Arrived at Galveston at 6 p. m..
having been ferried across the bay In a yawl
boat. It is impossible to adequately describe
the condltipn existing. -.The storm began about
9 a. m. on Saturday and continued 'with con
stantly increasing : violence., until- after mid
night. The island was inundated; the height
of the tide was from eleven to thirteen feet.
The wind was a cyclone and with few excep
tions every building in the city is. injured.
Hundreds are entirely destroyed. All the. for
tifications except the rapid-flre battery at San
Jacinto are practically destroyed. At San Ja
clnto every building except the quarantine has
been swept away. Battery O, ¦ First Artillery,
lost twenty-eight men. The officers and their
families were all saved. Three members of tha
Hospital Corps lost. Names will be sent n.^
¦ ion an possible. Loss of life on the Island is
possibly more than one thousand. All bridges
are gone, water works destroyed and all tele
graph .lines are down. Colonel Roberts was in
the city and made every effort to get telegramn
through. The city is under the control of a
committee of citizens and perfectly quiet.
Even' article of equipment or property pertain
ing to Battery O was loet. Not a record of
or.y kind left. The men saved have nothing
but the. clothing on their . persons. Nearly all
are without shoes or clothing other than 'tlu.tr
shirts and trousers. Clothing , necessary has
been purchased and temporary arrangement*
made fcr food and shelter. There 3re probably
five thousand citizens homeless an«l absolutely
destitute, who must be clothed, sheltered ar.d
fed. Have ordered twenty • thousand rationa
and tents for 1000 ... from Fort Sam • Houston.
Have wired commissary general to ship thirty
thousand rations by express. Lieutenant Perrx
will make his way back to Houston and send
this telegram. • . ;McKIBBEN.
DISTBESS IS APPALLING.
; SEABROOKE, Texas, t Sept. 13.— There
are t but few ¦ people; left | here, and, they
arc starving aJid need clothing. .Thirty
three out ' of thlrtj'-four : houses '.have
floated away and twenty-one persons were
drowned In this little place. The distress
i 8 appalling.
ONE OF THE MANY SCENES OF DESOLATION AT GALVESTON AND AN ARMY OFFICER WHO IS ACTIVE
IN RELIEF. WORK.
HOUSTON. Tex., Sept. 13.— Following
are names of persons killed at GaWeston
that have not heretofore appeared In th«
lists of dead:
nBERHARDT, T.. and wife; Herman Ack-
I "^ ermann. wife and daughter; M. Adami
and Mrs. Tobey, colored; Mrs. G. Ademitl and
seven children: C. B. Akera. wife and three
children: A. Albertson, wife and two children;
R. L. Allardice, wife and three children; Cbr
nella Allen. Allen, Klve Allen. Serena Al
len; John AlDhonse. wife and family; Oscar
Anderson, wife and children: Andrew Ander
son, wife and children; Miss Vivian Armitage:
Mrs. Armour and five children; John Artisan.
wife and nine children.
John, wife and four children, col
¦¦"• ored: "Will Bulch. wife and two children:
Miss Xlna Beach of Victoria; Mrs. Dudley
Deal and child; Cushman Bedford, colorod;
Dixie Bohn: Peter Boss and wife; Bowen;
Miss Nannie Bradley; Miss Ethel Bradley:
Bentley family; A. M. Brtscoll; C. J. Bockel
man; Joe Brown and family; Solma Buck
ley; Blanche Buckley; Buckley, mother and
father: Mrs. S. Buckley and daushter; Wil
liam Burge. wife and child; George Burnett
and child; Mrs. Burell. colored.
(-^ALHOUX. Mrs. Tom. and three children;
Miss Edna Camobell: A. Carter; Catholic
Orphan Home. 30 people; William Cato, col
ored; William Chllds and wife; Tom Clark:
James J. Corbett and four children; Alex Cad
doe and five children; Colsen; Captain V.
E. Connor; Edward J. Connor; J. Cowen, J.
J. Crouse and wife; J. J. Crouse and children.
Will Ceydo; Mrs. Cromwell and three children;
Ashby Crook; M!s3 Nellie Crowley and brother;
Mrs. Cuneo. New Orleans; Mrs. E. H. Carey
and child.
f-frARREXXs A., and nve children: Cfcarlea
M. Darby; Miss T. F. Davis; If. E. Deltze
and two sons; Mrs Dinter and daughter; Ellen
Donahue. Utlca, N. T. : Mary Donahue, Utica,
X. T. ; George Doll and wife; Frank Doil and
family; John Dotty; Jim Doyle; Richard E.
Dunnln-harn.
DCKETT. Fred; Charles Eckett. James Ed
ward and family; daman, wife and
child; Howard F.lsman, James Ellas and two
children: John W. English, wife and children;
Joe Emmanuel, Mr. and Mrs. Eppendorf. Smar
ter Kads.
pyAXCHON family, Mr. and lira. FaHcen
hagen, Joe Fedo. Peter Ferwerder. Mr*.
Flckett , and four children, John Fiegel. Mr*.
Klsrse and four children. Mr. Franks and
daughter, Mrs. Floehr, T. C. Fornkesell. Mx.
and Mrs. Harry Foster and three children;
Thcmas Fox. wlfa and four children; Charles
and John Frankovlca. Corinne Fredericks.
Fuerst family.
£J ABEL and wife (colored). Galliib&w
and five children, Mrs. LlKle Galres »M
two daughters. Ganth. Joe Garrlgan,
Matt Groan. Mm. John Gernaud and two
daughters. Oscar Gordon, Charles Clausen and
family of four. Greg's and four children.
John Grlcff and three children. Mrs. Grosscup.
two Goodwin girls. Tim Gennlng and wtf«;
Louis Gruetschicher. wife and two daughter*.
Captain Edward Galnes and wife.
j_| ALL. Charles (colored) ; Mrs. August Baa*
n.-ih. t,. Harris. Thomas Harris, wlf* and
three children; Mrs. W. D. Harris and son.
Tom Harrison and wife, Charles Hassler and
wife, Hasseimeyer family, Mrs. W. W. Hauga
ton. William Heidmann Jr.. Sophia and Willis
Helfensteln. Mrs. M. P. Hennessy and two
nieces, Martin Herman and two children, Mn.
John Herzey, Mrs. Higgins, — Hobeck and
son, Florence Holmes. Mrs. Holmes (colored).
R. D. Hoskins. wife and three children
(colored): Miss Kmma and Maggta Hubell.
William Hull (colored). Charles Hull (colored).
Mrs. Peter Humberg and four children.
JACKMAN. Ada. an.I two children; William
II. Jaeger. John Jaeger and wife. Mrs. Curt
Jaecke and three children, JasVs E. Jennings
and wife. Mr. and Mrs. Jennsen and five chil
dren. Asa Johnson, wife and son: Julian John
son. Johnson child. J. B. Johnston, wife and
two children, Mrs. Alice Johnston, Mrs. E.
C. Johnston and four children. Mrs. E. E.
Johnston and four children, Martha Junkf.
Mm. Pauline Junkf. Mrs. Collna Junker.
EXEATS. Tom. and wife; J. C. Keaton. wifa
and three children; Charles L. Kellner St..
— Kellr. wife and three children: Klefer.
wife and daughter. Mrs. Annie Kennelly. Fred
Kcnter and daughter. James Klrby and thr*e
children. Mrs. George Klrby and two children.
Mr. Klelnlcke and wife, Fred Klenmann and
wife, Mrs. W. T. Knowles and three children,
E. D. Ku<>r and wife. Oscar Kuhn. wlfa and
three children. Henry Kleinmann and wlf*.
Newton and Carl KUndlund, Tom Kerapf and
wife. W. C. Kemp and wife, William Kotte,
Mrs. John Kimlo and two children. Thomas
Kelly, wife and two children; Joe ICreckerre.
wife and three children.
I ANE, Rev. Mr., and family; F. Lano and
family; Lang, five children; James La
peyre. wife and four children: II. Larson and
two children; Genevleve Laukhefte; Mrs. W. L.
Law? on and child; H. L. Learman; Professor
Leverman; Joe Leineier and four children; —
Leon, two children: Mrs. Grade Leslie: Let
termann. wife and two children: Mrs. P. A-
Levine, daughter and two sons; W. W. Levy;
Mrs. Lewis and two children; John Loader,
wife and seven children; Mrs. Livingston;
Charles H. Lloyd, wife and son: Mrs. Mary
Locke; Mr. and Mrs. H. 11. Lockmaan; Albert
Lockstadt, wife and three children: Miss Mag
gie Loasbenc: Mrs. E. Lorance; Ed G. Lore;
Herry Ludeke. wife and son: E. A. Ludwlg
and mother; Ludeker; John Llndern and
famllr-
yy\ARTIN*. Jllss Annie; Alexander Mario;
E. Massey, wife and child; Amendio
Matie; R. McCamish. wife and two daughters;
Mrs Charles McClusltey and two daughters.
Mrs. B. McCormick and four children. Mrs. M.
J. McMillan. Mrs. E. McNeil and family;
McPheters, wife and children: Mrs. Jo
seph Mealey. Joseph Mealey. Mrs. Mielhulan;
John MedaeU wife and live children; Charles
Mosley (colored); Milan, wife and four
children; Leslie Miller, Louis B. Mitchell (col
ored). Mrs. Annie Mitchell and son: Mof
! fett. wife and two children; John Mongan.
' Mike Mcnoghan and family. John Monoghan
i and wife, Mrs. Morrow and four children. Miss
Maggie Moore. Mrn. Nathan Moore (colored).
E. W. Moore. * Mocre and two children.
Moore: — Mcore. wife and seven chil
dren; D. Morley and wife. Hammond Morton
and four children; Albert T. Morse, wife and
three children: • Mulcahey and two chil
dren. Mrs. J. W. Munn Sr.. Mrs. Anna Mur
rle and daughter: Hermann Myer. wire and
daughter; Hermann Myer, wife and son; Mrs.
C. J. Myers and one child, Mrs. Neimann and
OAKLEY. F.; Mamie O'Connor; Charlotte
Olds, colored; George Ormond and five
children.
OAISLET. William: Mrs. M. I* Park: Mlsa
* Mollie Parker; Mrs. M. Pelllns; Mrs. M.
Plnney and two sons: James P. Perry Jr.. wife
and two children; Charles Peterson, wife and
Among Those Who Per
ished in the Galveston
Disaster Were Ninety
Inmates of the Cath
olic Orphan Home.
Additions to the List
of the Unfortunates
Who Died Amid
Wind and Wave.
MORE THAN TWO THOUSAND BODIES HAVE
BEEN IDENTIFIED AT GALVESTON.
f^\ ALVESTON, Texas, Sept. 13. — More than 2000 dead
\JL bodies have been identified, and the estimate of Mayor
Jones that 5000 souls perished in ; Saturday's hurricane
does not appear to be magnified. The city is being patrolled by
troops and a citizens' committee, and a semblance of order is ap
pearing. From all parts of the United States and some por
tions of England many thousands of dollars are pouring in for
the relief of Texas' destitute storm sufferers. Trainloads of
provisions and clothing are also hurrying toward Galveston.
Property losses are mounting- higher as details arrive, and
some estimates for Galveston reach as high as $20,000,000.
There are 25,000 homeless here to be taken care of, and it is a
question whether the city can or will be rebuilt. There seems
to be a disposition on the part of the leading citizens, however,
to start resolutely where the storm left off and raise a new city
from the ruins of the old.
The Hurricane-Swept City Pa
trolled by Troops and Citi
zens' Committee and a
Semblance of Order Is
Appearing — Relief Work
Well Carried Out.
WASHINGTON, 13.— General Su
pcrlntendent Kimball of the life-saving
service has received telegrams from the
Kupcrinttndent of the gulf district, dated
last nicht. in which he says that the
keener five of the crew of the Gal
vuston Hfe-savir.g station had landed at
?exas City. One gunman and the keep
er's wife were ir.isstng and are surjpobed
:o have oeeu lost. .The ket'l>er cf tne San
Uuls« station on the west end of Galveston
island v.-1th his wife and two children
have arrived at Galveston in lifeboats
and rt;»«irt the station wrecked. Four
biirJmen were left ia a. portion of the
wrecked buildir.g.
BAEGES SWEPT TO SEA.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 13.— A telegram
io General Superintendent Kimball of the
Life-saving Service from the keeper at
Vtlaeco. Tex., states that the barges
Veiasco and Mor.a were swept to sea in
the recent storm and that their crews are
probably lost.
LIFB-SAVEHS ESCAPE.
NEW ORLEANS. Sept. 13— A spe
cial to the Picayune from Galves
ton says: The relief measures or
panlzed here are running more
smoothly than before; the- desti
tute are receiving supplies from the va
rious depots; the sick are receiving the
best care and physicians are giving their
service gratis. Reports continue to be re
ceived from near-by coast and mainland
towns telling of destruction and loss of
life. The coast for miles inland is said to
be covered with bodies. One gentleman
»i<!(?d In buryinp 100 » f>w miles north of
Virginia Point, and parties are out In
every airection engaged In the same duty.
Charles Patterson, connected with, the
Gulf and Interstate Railway, came in
from Bolllvar Point and reported that
they had burled between 300 and 400 of
Galveston's dead and that on Bollivar pe
ninsula, from the point of East High
lands for twenty-one miles south, every
thing -was washed away. General Polk,
general manager of the Santa Fe, has re
ceived reports that every station-house,
freight depot and water tank on the line
between Virginia Point and Rosenburg
Junction, sixty-six miles north, was
either blown away cr wrecked, and miles
of track washed away. All towns be
tween thepe two points were yeverely
damaged by the hurricane and each had
a death list from nve to fifteen people,
v.ith many more or less injured.
Secretary Bailey of the Galveston
k Wharf Company estimates the loss to
:hat company at $303,000, while prominent
ehip-brokers place the loss to foreign
ehippijig in the port at from S500,OC»0 to
JTOO.OOO.
It is conservatively estimated that the
lo?s in property, goods, nu-rehandise, etc.,
Will exceed 51 li.i (00.000.
I>ecomposition being so rapid, the fur
ther removal cf bodies from the devas
tated portion of the city has been inhib
ited and the Interment ordered where
found. After accurate description of the
body and memorandum of the effects
thereon have tt-en taken fcr future iden
tification the body is buried.
Houston has sent eleven tow-barge? ,
loaded with relief supplies and more will
follow. Port Arthur has st-nt several
leads and telegrams are received from
numerous points that stores and supplies
are en the way for the sicic, all of which
will be relieved to some extent. The piling
and portions of the floor at the wharf arc
all that is left of Galve.ston's miles cf
water front. Part of the south wall ' of
tiie Jetties Is gune and rocks as large as
rooms are piled into the channel, making
it exceedingly hazardous for ships to
come in. There are thirty craft of all
Eizes piled high and dry on the beach.
The water averaged a depth of five feet
over the entire islaLfi. The older resi
dents of the island, profiting by former
experiences, bored and chopped holes In
tne floors of their homes, and as a rule
they escaped. The slip of water at the
point of Tremont street could be crossed
£>•«- Ftepping on the dead bodies of human
beings and animals.
On Tuesday an ordinance was passed
authorizing rescuing and burying parties
to set Hre to wrecked buildings and burn
tnem. On these funeral pyres hundreds
of corpses were cremated. Fifty thieves,
mostly negroes, were shot Tuesday and
Wednesday morning.
Gangs of laborers are busy cutting
passageways for vehicles through the
clogged streets. The deor's is cast to one
tide to he removed and burned as socn as
poFfible. Bo many domestic animals were
Killed or cripi-led and floats, drays and
other vehicles damaged that the cleaning
of the city <.rtll take months to perform
COAST COVERED
WITH BODIES FOR
MILES INLAND
EIGHTY-FIVE
PASSENGERS LOST
ON FLOODED TRAIN
NEW ORL.KANS. Sept. 13.— The
States this morning received a
telegram from Hon. John H. Poe.
member of the State Board of- Ed
ucation, residing at Lake Charles,
stating that elghty-flve lives were lost on
the Gulf and Interstate train which left
Beaumont early Saturday morning from
Bolivar Point, after having made connec
tion with the Southern Pacific train which
left this city Friday night. Mr. Poe was
one of the passengers on this train, and
fortunately, together with a few others,
he sought safety in the lighthotree at Bol
ivar Point, and was caved. The train
reached Bolivar Point about noon and all
preparations were made to run the train
on the ferry boat, preparatory to cross
ing the bay. The wind blew so swiftly,
however, that the ferry could not make- a
landing, and the conductor of the train,
after allowing it to stand on the tracks
for a few minutes! started it back toward
Beaumont. The wind increased so rap
idly, coming in from the open sea, that
soon the water had reached a level with
the bottom of the seats within the cars.
It was then that some of the passengers
sought safety in the nearby lighthouse.
Eut Mr. Poe states in his telegram in
spite of all their efforts eighty-five people
were blown away or drowned. The train
was entirely wrecked. Doubtless some of
the killed were from New Orleans, as the
train made direct connections with the
Southern Pacific train which left here
Friday night, and there were a large
number of New Orleans passengers
aboard. It is known that at least some
of these were bound for Galveston. Those
who were saved had to spend over fifty
hours in the lighthouse on almost no ra
tions.
HOUSTON THE HAVEN
OF THE UNFORTUNATES
HOl'STOX, Tex., Sept. 13.— Houston Is
now the haven of the unfortunate people
of Galveston. Trains have already brought
in between 800 and 1000 of the survivors,
and a motley crowd they are. Men bare
headed, barefooted, hatless and coatlcss,
with swollen feet and bruised and black
ened bodies and heads, were numerous.
Women of wealth and refinement fre
quently hatless and shoeless, with gowns
in shreds, were among the refugees. Some
times there would be a man. wife and a
child or two, but these cases were rare;
nearly all of those who came in having
suffered the loss of one or more members
of their family.
Never were there so many sad hearts.
Men bereft of wives and children, women
who were widowed, children who were
parentless— it was enough to touch the
heart of any one, and it did so. Never
were there more heroic acts. Although a
week ago the people had happy homes,
they are now homeless and penniless.
They bore up bravely. True, they all
wore sad expressions, but there was no
whimpering, no complaining. They were
all made to fed that Houston is now their
home, that they are welcome and that
everything for their comfort and welfare
is being done. They are being housed
and fed, and those in need of medical at
tention are placed in the hospitals, where
they receive every care. Many of the ref
ugees to reach Houston had tasted little
or no food since the storm.
AN APPEAL TO AID
CATHOLIC SUFFERERS
WASHINGTON. Sept. 13.— The Catholic
See of Galveston suffered considerably
from the recent storm and an a-^eal w...
be issued by Dr. Dubois, according to in
formation here, asking for liberal dona
tions to restore the church nn«2 societies
which were founded in 1847. When the
See of Chicago suffered a loss of J5O0O.O.W
by the great fire of twenty-nine years
ago Its bishop was the recipient of contri
butions from every S<^e In the country,
which enabled him to rebuild hig fallen
churches, ar.d the same assistance it is
expected will be given to Galveston.
WOEK OF THE SANTA FE.
CHICAGO, Sept. 13.— Vice President
Morton of the Santa Fe to-day received a
message from I* J. Polk, the company's
manager in Texas, that the work of re
constructing bridges and tracks leading
to Galveston was proceeding rapidly and
announcing that the company was devot
ing all Its energies to the transportation
of supplies, medicines, physicians and
nurses to the stricken city. He said it la
Impossible to forecast just when the lines
will be in full running order..
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1900.
price rm: ce:nts.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
GALVESTON IS
CONFRONTED BY
A NEW HORROR
Bodies Thrown Igto the
Sea ploatiog BacK and
Must Be Disposed
of by Burning.
DALLAS, Tex., Sept. 13.
— The cry still comes
from Galveston for disinfect
ants. It is the one hope of
saving what is left of the pop
ulation. Telegrams are injur
ing into Dallas and every
other Texas city, asking for
lime, carbolic acid and any
thing elss that -will operate to
purify the air.
A new horror is confront
ing Galveston — the second dis
position of many of the dead.
Bodies thrown into the sea are
floating back to the city. They
must now be disposed of by
burning. Disinfectants be
come more needful as a conse
quence of this new feature in
the situation.ADDITIONS .TO THE
LIST OF THE DEAD
Continued From First Pag*.
Xotanie Atsaatroua -rtsttatlona of the last three decades In the United States by lire, flood,
-torm and earthanaUe.
Chicago fire, 1871 Unknown £200.000.000
Boiton fire, 18T2. . . . . .. I'nknown 75,000,000
Charleston earthquake, 1886 .......'. 54 5 000 OOO
Seattle fire, 1889 ;.... , . llW,000 H *&
Johnstown flood. 1880. 3,000 '-f&K* 9,000,000
I,onl»ville cyclone. 189O. JfV* X; 3,B0O,00O
St. Paul (near) cyclone, 18OO. SOO - • . * • .
St. Loatu cyclone, 1800. . • 500 20,000,000
Sherman (Tex.) cyclone, 1S0G • 135 1500 000
Porto Rico linrrlcnne, 1890. 2.OOO l.VOOo'ooO
GalTrMon hnrrlcane and flood \ 5,000 20,000,000
GAIA'ESTON has had more than her share of disaster in the sixty-three years of her existence. Four times has
she been visited by wind and wave and fire. The first visitation was in her early days, in the late forties,
when storm and wave together, as in the present instance, swept away the whole town au_d a large proportion
of her inhabitants were lost. Every building in the. piece, all of them of wood, was wrecked and carried away.
She soon built up again, however, and more substantially -than before, and though her streets were often
flo'oded with the wind-driven waters of the bay or gulf she escaped further serious damage until October, 1S57, when
during a storm which then occurred the water rose 6 C-10 feet above mean low water stage, which was sufficient to
flood the streets and the' lower stories of all the houses, causing much damage to property, but no direct loss of
life. , ¦ • -
Acain, in 1S75. there was a rise under the force of the wind of 5% feet, covering, the whole island except a smalt
area In the southern part~bf the "city, and doing much damage to property, but with little loss of life. Two years later
a shore wind, with a velocity of sixty miles per hour, caused a rise of 5 2-10 feet, Hooding: all the business part of the
city.
The mean rise and fall of the tide at Galveston is 1 1-10 feet; but spring tides occasionally rise three feet "above
and fall two feet below the plane of mean low water.' : Fluctuations between much wider limits are not Infrequent
under the influence of heavy winds. In. this latest instance the wind, after blowing from the north or. bay side of
the city for some hours and piling the water .up against and over the wharves, which all He on that side, suddenly
whipped around to the east, driving the waters of the bay. back ag'ain and those of the gulf against' the other side
These, which are said to have risen to a height of eleven feet, ran through the streets with the velocity of a millrace
sweeping away all the lighter structures but not seriously damaging those more strongly built.' The wind, however*,
which, according to the observations. of the engineer of the Southern Pacific Railroad' stationed there, was. blowing at
the time some seventy-eight miles per .hour, unroofed many of these and wrecked 'others. •
Besides the foregoing instances; of wreck from flood and storm, " Oalveston was on November 13 1S85 visited by
a destructive : conflagration., The flames. swept across the residence portion of the city from the bay to the gulf devas
tating an area of over 100 acres, embracing forty thickly populated squares. The houses were almost entirely of wood
and the destruction was .complete.' The loss; amounted to about $1,500,000.
, .\. ln i? P . l . te^°a. a V ; h r V i' V^r' the , c!ty l . has always been quickly; rebuilt and bettered. One-tenth of the whole cotton crop '
of the United^tates, finds Its outlet ; through Galveston, .besides her other business, and on her present site. In obedience
to the demands of commerce, Galyeaton must stand for time to "come/. V? - -¦-
ROOSEVELT AIDS.
CLARK. S. D.. Sept 13. — Governor
Roosevelt has authorized Colonel "W. J.
Young of the executive department at Al
bany to Issue an appeal for aid on behalf
of the Galveston sufferers. Hon. James
Pierpont Morgan was named by the Gov
ernor as chairman of such committee and
authorized to receive subscriptions.
WOODLAND BOY IN GA1.VESTON.
Special Dispatch to Tbe Can,
WOODLAND. Sept. 13,-Mastcr Le^
Clark, ten years old. of Woodland, was
in the Ursullne Convent. GaJveston. and
It is believed that he was one of the vic
tims of the tornado. His mother was l:\
Houston at the time and no information,
has been received from, either.
THE SANTA FE'S LOSS.
NE— YORK, Sept. 13— A. F. Walker
chairman of the board of directors of tho
Atchison. Topeka and Santa Pe Railroad
said to-day that the company's loss dua
to the Galveaton hurricane would not ex
ceed $100,000. Mr. Walker was confident
of th« future of Galveston as a shipping
Southern Pacific's Loss Hea— r.
Jerome A. Flllmore, manager of the Pa
cific division of tbe Southern Paclfto
road, received advices from Galvastor
Texas, yesterday confirming the newsy* ?
per reporta of the damage done to thi
company's branch road between Houston
and Galveaton, The Southern Pacific".*
loss will be between $300,000 and l-iOO.Oim,
Five bridges were swept away. The
branch - line la a complete wreck. Th\
company has authorized Its manager. Mr 1
Van Vleck, at Houston^ to place a VMv
check at the disposal of the Galvestou
relief committee.
DISASTERS AT GALVESTON
COMPARED WITH OTHERS IN
THE LAST THREE DECADES
two children; Mrs. J. Peterson and children;
Mrs. Perry and child; Mlas Ruth Phelp*; Mn.
Pirteii.
f-^ UI>TN, John.
nAAB, Georg*. and wife; Nick Raphael;
Reader, family: William Richardson,
colored; Tony Rickey and wife: Solomon Rlley
and /wife: J. Ring, proofreader Galveston News,
and two children; Thomai Rlorrtan; Mrs. Pat
rick Reagan and aon; Mrs. A. and Mamie Rhea
of Giles County. Tennessee: Annie Roach:
Roberts, watchman: Mrs. H. B. Robblns of
Smiths Point; William J. Rodefeld; John Roftl.
wife and five children; Mrs. A. Roll and four
children Miss Ross, daughter of Mrs. Ross of
Houston: Mrs. Kate Roth and three children;
Ada Roe, colored; Hattle Rowe. colored; A.
J. Itotton, wife and two children; Robert Rud
der, wife and four children; S. Ruddger, wife
and child; Lera Rughter; Ida Rice, colored:
Fisher Rice, colored; Angelo Redlllo, wife and
four children.
Q ANFORD, S., and family; Dr. John B.
* w "' Sayer. Tom Sawyer. Mrs. Robert I*. Saw
yer and three children. Maud and Randle Scha
dermantle. W. Schelrbolz. wife and flva chil
dren. D. Schoolfleld (colored), Mary Schrader,
Mr. and Mrs. Schuler and five children. Charles
Sherwood and two children. Mr. and Mrs.
Robert Schook Jr., Charles F. 'Shark and son,
Mary Smith. Charles L. Smith, C. J. Smith,
wife and five children: Jacob Smith, Wiley
Smith, wife and children (colored); L. Sodlche,
Frank Solomon and family. Julius Solomon and
wife. Miss Alfreda Stacker. George Stacker,
Dr. Stacker and family, Mr. and Mrs. D. TV.
Stawlnskl. M. Edward Stawlnskl. Stln*. wjfe
and children, seven in family; Stenzel, wife
an-i three children: Captain T. Stewart and
family," Miss Stewart, MIbs Mamie St. Glltt,
Nick Strabo and family, except one: Mrs.
Strickhausen. George Swlgell, mother and sis
ter; Symmes, .two children of H. C. Symmes.
TAYLOR. Mrs. J. XV.; Nathan Thomas,
V Mrs. W. B. Thomas and two children
— Thomas, wife and six children: two chil
dren of Leigh Thornton. Mrs. James Tlckel
Sr., Mm. Charles Titlebach and two children,
• Mrs. J. F. Toothaker, Mrs. Etta Toothaker!
• Mrs. ;.H. V. .. Trahan and child, Mrs, H. C.
' Travers and son Sheldon, Mr. and Mrs. Turner"
| |j LR1DGB. Mrs.' (colored).
| V/AN BURKN, Ethel: Edna Vaught, child
. of W. J. Vaught; John Vltocltch and fam
. ny.
. 171/ ALLACE. Scott; Earl WaJlace. son of
. M V Henry Wallace; J. WaUh. wife and
. child; Mrs. Flora Warner. Martha '¦ Warren;
• Mra. Charles T. Weber. Mrs, Anna Weber.
• Mnr. F. Weber and family, Mrs. A. S. Warner.
1 Fritz Weldmanni .Otto Wlndberg, wife and
1 child! Oscar Welsv-wlfe B nd child; Mrs.: Win-"
derman, Mrs. Geurge Westway. Wharton,
family of -,'alt-r White. Tom Whlttl*. Mrs.
and MIm FYirda Wilde: Frank Williams. ¦»¦'¦*
and child; Annie Wilson, Mrs. W. IX Wlns
coatte. White, Alexander Williams, Sam
uel Williams /colored). Mm. Wlndiran: Jamos
Winrr imr, -wif» and two children: Mrs. Winn.
and child. H. M. Wlthey. William Wood (col
ored); Wm Woods of Joltet. III.; Mrs. Julia and
Miss Nannie Woods of Joliet. III.; Lcla tnl
John Wrlarht. Mrs. Wurselow .
¦y^- UEXZ, Llllle. Henry and Geors»: Evella
Tuenner and two children, colored. ;
_£EIGLER, Mrs., and two daughters; Mrs.
""* Zwei*el tr.d two daughters.
AT THE CATHOLIC ORPHANAGE— Sister
Camlllua. superioress: -Mary Vincent; Mary
Elizabeth; Raohael; Catharlna; GeneTleTe;
Felldtus; Mary Flabar; Evaiue!inst; Eaals
nus.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 13.— Miss Clara
Barton, president of the Red Cross So
ciety, ¦with an assistant, left here to-night
for Galveston to assist in the relief work.
PARIS. Sept. 13.— A meeting of Ameri
cans, resident and transient. In Paris
was held at the Chamber of Commerce
to-day for the purpose of deviplng a
method of raising funds to assist the
sufferers at Galveston. The United States
Embassador, General Horace Porter, was
elected president; George Munroe, banker,
was made the treasurer, and General
Francis Klmball was appointed secretary.
Resolutions of sympathy with the people
of Galveston were adopted and a sub
scription list was opened, with the result
that within fifteen minutes 50,000 francs
were donated. A committee of ceven was
appointed to carry out the plans of the
meeting, which include canvassing the
American colony here. French papers
have also opened subscription lists, many
Frenchmen having expressed a desire to
subscribe.
MISS BARTON STARTS.
President "William Schaw of the Cham
ber of Commerce was instrumental In
having the local Red Cross Society meet
yesterday. This organization sent $500 for
the sufferers. The Chamber of Commerce
will do all In Its power to have as much
money and supplies 'aa possible sent from
this city. ________
AMERICANS IN PARIS ACT.
AUSTIN, Texas, Sept. 13»— Governor Sayers authorized the statement
to-night that he has not thought o? calling an extra session of the
Legislature for the purpose o? making an appropriation for the relief of
the Galveston sufferers. He has confidence in the spontaneous generosity
of the people and says that the emergency is being promptly met. The con
tributions which are pouring in/ from"* all parts of Texas show that the
people are doing their part in this work of charity. The hearts of the peo
ple of the whole country are beating with sympathy, and no need for legis
lative action is felt. A number of members of the. Legislature have wired
the Governor advising that a call for a special session be issued, but he will
not follow their suggestion in the matter. At the present rate at which
subscriptions of cash are pouring in the amount of contributions will ag
gregate $3,000,000 by Saturday night. All of this amount will be needed.
hrr mite toward aiding the Texas suffer
ers. Rev. W. F. Reagor started out to
day and in a few hours raised $138, which
he wired direct to Governor Sayer?.
WOODLAND, Sept. 13.— One hundred
and twenty-one dollars was subscribed
in Woodland to-day for the relief of the
Bufferers from the Texas tornado.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 13.— Money is be
ing rapidly collected in this city for the
Galveston sufferers. Up to the present
writing Governor Gage has received no
reply from the Governor of Texas to hia
telegram of "Wednesday night offering as
sistance from California. The Governor
nor no one else can conceive why no reply
to his telegram has been sent him. It
may be that Governor Bayers of Texas
was not in Austin when the California ex
ecutive's me5sage arrived there, and that
the messafce has not been forwarded to
him.
Naomi Chapter, Order of the Eastern
Star, last night sent $25 to Galveston. The
I^adies of the Maccabees will give an en
tertainment on or about the 27th inst. at
the Clunie Opera-house for the benefit of
the Galveston sufferers. There Is every
indication that the benefit by the- Coglll-
Coopor Company to-morrow night will be
a BucceSs. Sacramento Typographical
Union this afternoon forwarded $50 for the
relief of the unfortunate people of Gal
veston. The Chamber of Commerce will
meet to-morrow morning to determine
what further steps should be taken If nec
essary toward sending money and pup
plies to Galveston.
to the Oalveston flood fund now amount
to $4000, and on Tuesday next the com
bined theaters of the city will give a ben
efit performance, the proceeds of which
will be added to the fund.
STOCKTON, Sept. 13.— Stockton is re
sponding liberally to the calls for aid
from the Galveston sufferers. This morn
ing $126 25 was telegraphed, the money
having been collected to pay for the
Wednesday nig-ht band concerts on the
plaza. Stockton Lodge of Elks No. 218
telegraphed $50 to the Galveston L*>dge of
Elks to-day, and It is aJ8o announced
that the proceeds of the baseball game at
Goodwater Grove next Sunday between
local and Oakland Elks will be forwarded
to the stricken district. The local Red
Cross Society has also forwarded $1000 by
telegraph.
Ross Sarcent. a local capitalist, raised
over $400 to-day by subscription, he head
ing the list with a goodly sum. It will be
telegraphed to Galveston at once
SEATTLE. Sept. 13.-A relief fund for
the Galveston flood sufferers was started
here yesterday by the Post-Intelligencer
and several hundred dollars have already
been raised. Mayor Humes issued a proc
lamation calling: upon the people for aid
and the appeal wan seconded by the
Chamber of Commerce. The matter will
be taken up by the daily papers to-day
™ 1 6h , ape of a formal appeal for aid.
The leading musical organization of the
Jl y uVl * Ve: a benefit c °ncert. It is to
swell the amount into the thousands.
COLLSA. Sept. 13.-Colusa has given
change fund, $2(W); Cotton Exchange fund,
$5300: New York Stock Exchange. $7000;
New York Produce Exchange, $6000;
Chamber of Commerce, $25,000; miscel
laneous subscriptions. $30,000. Total,
$134,204. .¦;;.;
The transport McPhers&n will leave this
port at noon Monday next for Oalveston.
carrying supplies which have been contrib
1 uted throueh the Merchants' Association.
; The steamer El Sud of the Morsan hna
tailed this afternoon for Galveston with a
larpe contribution of food supplies and
clothing for the. relief committee, which
was contributed through the Merchants'
Association. .
DALLAS, Tex.. Sept. 13.— The special
train with supplies purchased by the Dal
las News with funds contributed by read
ers* of the New York Herald left here at
noon to-day over the Houston and Texas
Central Railroad. It is due at Texas Cuy.
the present railway termlnu3, some tim^
to-nlsht. Its half million or more poundi
of food and its hundreds of articles of
clothing and other necessaries will hy
landed in Galveston by noon to-morrow
and distributed to the hurricane sufferers.
The use of the train was donated by th-*
Houston and Tfxas Central Railway. It
was given the right of way and was under
escort of the Dallas Rough Rider3. a cav
alry company of the Texas State Militia.
commanded by Captain O. Paget.
NEW YORK, S««pt. 13.-Touched hy
the. pitiful condition of survivors
of the Galveston disaster, many
warm-hearted persons In New
York and In towns throughout the
Kast forwarded contributions to the Her
ald for the sick and destitute of the once
fair Southern city. Thousands of dollars
werr received during the day, which was
Immediately forwarded by telegraph to
the Dallas News at Dallas. The Dallas
News to-night informed the- Herald that
the special relief train equipped with
money pent by the Herald readers had
left Dallas and should reach Galveston
early to-morrow.
Colonel Belo. proprietor of the E>ailas
News, to which newspaper all contribu
tions are forwarded by the Herald, is also
owner of the Galveston News and Is In a
position to thoroughly understand the
needs of the situation, and Texas officials
who have been asked for information on
the subject have Joined • in a statement
that the preatest need is for more money.
In all J3763 was received to-day and sent
out, making a total of J921S73 contributed
by the Herald readers up to date. Sums
ranplngr from $1 up. to $500 were received.
The Associated Press figures out the
subscriptions here to date as follows:
Merchants' Association, $32,093; Mayor's
fund, $7000; New York Mercantile Ex-
Liberality of New Yorkers in
PAid of -the Afflicted— The
Herald's Relief Train to
Reach Galveston To-Day.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CONTRIBUTIONS WILL AGGREGATE
THREE MILLIONS BY SATURDAY NIGHT
Relief Committee Named by the
Governor to Meet This Morn
ing and Form a Plan for
Canvassing the State.
William Cfnir Co "•"
AVellman.. PecU A Co SB
C. F. "Weber A Co SO
Hoffman, llofhohlld & Co SO
Italian - Swlii Aorrl roltoral
Colony BO
Total $1290
I?j- Mayor Phel»n:
Cnptnln Kdward Davis.... *H OO
Judxe John Hunt 5 00
XV. K. Breeding IO OO
i.oors" 1 X. Marye Jr BO OO
San Frr.nclsco Produce Ex
flmnee «»•"" oft
M. A. Gnnut & Co j BO OO
Henry !<ami 5 <H»
F. T. Miinno, noirman, Cnl.. K OO
I'nlon ran Company 2.% OO
I.1<»H llslmrni...... B OO
Tofnl ?2,n24 00
Previously acknowledcfd . 4,451 50
Grand total 90,77,-, no
MONEY, FOOD AND
CLOTHING FOR THE
TEXAS SUFFERERS
CHICAGO, Sopt. W.-Chicago's first
offering of food and clothing for
the Texas sufferers left here at 6
o'clock to-night over the Rock
Island In .1 special train of six
cars that has the right of way over all
other traJn« as far as Fort Worth. Other
cars packed at Rock Island, Davenport,
Muscatine. Topeka. Kansas City, St. Jo
seph and Wichita will be picked up en
roiitp and it is expected the train will con
sist of twenty-three cars when it reaches
its destination. The train is expected to
reach Fort Worth at 11 o'clock on Satur
day, whence it ¦will be taken to Houston
over the Houston and Texas Central route
on a special schedule.
The Chicago' Clearing-house Association
has decided to send tlO.000 for the relief
of the sufferers on the Gulf coast.
ST. LOUfS. Sept. 13. - The Catholic
Knights of America to-day issued , an
urgent appeal for aid for the Texas storm
sufferers. All remittances will be sent to
Supreme Vice President Blakeslee, Hotel
Lawler, Houston. Texas.
From- the army commissary, and quar
termaster's stores here 30,000 rations and
900 tents have been sent by, special train
over the^Iron Mountain road to the Gal
veston sufferers. Through Nat Wetzel,
president of the .Western Poultry and
Game Company, 63.000 pounds of produce,
provisions and foodstuffs, loaded into two
cars, have been sent by express to the
people of Galveston.
PITTSBfRG, Sept. 13.— The Carnegie
Steel Company -dias given $10,000 to the
Galveston relief fund.
TOPEKA. Sept. 13.— A fund of $2500 has
been raised here for the Galveston suffer
ers. In addition to this several carloads
01 provisions will be shipped to-morrow
ever the Rock Island. •
WASHINGTON. Sept. 13.— A telegram
has been received at the Treasury Depart
ment from the Collector of Customs at
Mobile, saying that the cutter Winona
had nailed for Galventon with twenty-five
tons of provisions and that the Algonquin
end Onondaga would be loaded as 'soon
as they arrive.
CINCINNATI. Sept. 13.— The relief com
mittee has telegraphed $1000 to Governor
Bayers for the sufferers of the Galveston
disaster, and expects to do the same daily.
Increasing the amount as time goes on.' .
COVINGTON, Ky.', has responded by
voting $1000 from the .municipal fund to
start a relief subscription, and Newport,
Ky.. will make, a ulmilar response to-day.
DENVER, Sept. 13.— Denver's cash con
trlbution to the relief of the victims of
the Galveston flood disaster was Increased
to-day by subscriptions amounting to
$3500. This raises thft total amount sent
from this city to $9500.
KANSAS CITY. Sept. 13.— Kattsas City's
response to the appeal for aid to the Gal
veeton sufferers now ag^re^ates nearly
$30,001
I^OS ANGJEL.ES, Sept. 22.— Suti£crintioG3
TTTE t*>1W committee appointed I
hy flflVfnmr Gage to pecure sub- 1
prriptions tor the Galveston wf- ¦
fenem will meet In the Nevada i
Bank th!s morning and organ
izp, and then some plan of can
vassing tbe State •will he decided upon.
In the meantime the committee wishes It
known thax all desiring to subscribe
to the fund through th<» committee can •
do !<o by lf-aving their subscriptions at I
the Nevada Hank. They -will be forward
t d at one.
I/ocally there has be«*n tio attempt to j
form a plan of collection, but that has j
not stopped the flow of money, for people j
are sending checks to whoever they be
lieve will care for them. The Postal Tele
praph rompany has agreed to forward all
the money free of charge.
Among the hotel mon a plan for secur
iDST clothing for the storm victims has
been disclosed. The plan Is to notify
pulp's that if they will leave any cloth- ,
Jig- th^y do not need at the hotel offices j
It Will t>e f»r.t on to Galveston. It is
understood that Wells, Fargo & Co. will
forward the bundles free of charge.
Monday night the Olympic Club will
Five an «iih]»>tl<- exhibition in aid of the '
fund. The Mechanics' Pavilion will be
donated for the occasion.
An «r.t»rtajnment and danee trill be
Kiv«»n In Xatfvjj Sons* Hall on Seventeenth
ttreet, near Thursday evening,
Ser-tercnT 20. The admission will be 25
cent*. Those who will npsist In the pn
tTtalniDPnt are I>r. Bieberst. 'William
Pom, Mr. Hynes, Miss Claire Fex, Miss
<»!?<iy5 \Y>!ler. Miss Eva Bolger, Miss
Carrie Purcell. John and Henry I>rescher,
Martin KreUng and the pupils of Profes
por Kindlay's dancing school.
The following telegram was pent to Gov
frtnr Payers of Texa* yesterday :_
Th* offlr»rt and employe* of the I'nited
Flatus Mint !a th'.s city f>-day Fubxcribed the
c-jta of tza t9 for the benefit of the Oalvpston
fuehrers, which we forward throuEh the klnd
n«"e« of the Portal Telegraph -Cable Company
FRANK A. LEACH. Superintendent.
As an organization the. Salvation Army
will make a special appeal throughout
the country during the next few days In
VehaJf of the storm victims. They are
anxious to *end from San Francisco and
surrounding towns if possible not less
than one carload of provisions, clothing,
etc. To this end they purpose to make a
ppeclal effort.
Subscriptions were received as follows
yesterday:
By the Board of Tradei
Manhflm, Dlbbern & Co •«.%
r. E. Whitney * Co 2!»
DcralrE-l'iilmrr Mllllnc Co.... 25,
W. W. Montncrne & Co tiO
Ilnirlry Ilron.' Hardware Co.. 25
Su«»rar>n. Wormarr A Co...... 2S
Tatm A Co. .................. ;j«J
If. Lerl & Co 25
Hooker & Co 05
nel Monte Mllllnc Co 2 S
HI! Is Droi -. 2; j
J. G. Ward A Co 25
Wheaton, Dreon 4'Co 25
Raker «••- Ilnnillinn ~ (|
'ochfl! A ICobn 25
\ctiill A Ilrn ] O
Seott A Gilbert Io
Peclflr Comnt nisealt Co....... jj>
TnMm Oordnsr* Co jjO
California Wine Aanociatlon . . . 100
Amen A Harris .............. 50
yir*. Martin SbcIih. . . . . .7. . . . . &i
Port Conta Milling Co r»0
Mifrtrood A Shervrood 20
Greenehanm, Well A 3IlcheIa. . %r,
t . >rliI1i:nK A Co , bo
American OUcult Co • -as
K. J. n«w*a 2:1
1*a*rltle Coast •* j r«ip Co. ....... 23
J. de la MontBD)a Co 2H
S. If. Prank £ Co.... »3
ninaldo Bro«. A Co , jo
F. G. ConUlln A Co.....' ,, ny
J. A. Drlnk!ion«« Co.......... j»o
ro«Jp-l'«rl«'M»il ( KiuiiiiK Co.. . . 2O
Kittle *t Co SO
Itoth, Ulam A Co 25
Aniflo-Anierlean CrooUery and
ClMinmre Co. 23
STEADY FLOW OF GOLD TO AID GALVESTON SUFFERERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1900.
2
PROMINENT MEMBERS OF THE STATE RELIEF COMMnihJi.
Stops the Cough
And works oft! the cold. Laxative Bretm
Quinine Tablets cure a cold in one day. No
Cure, No Pay. Price 25 cents. •Norwich that the Standard Oil Company
la trying, to obtain control of tha Cheshire
salt trade.
MILWAUKEE, Se?t. 11— The Central Trust
Company of New York has instituted- foreclos
ure proceedings usatnst all cf the property ot
the United Staie» Flour Milling Company, com
monly known as the ncur trust. This ia taken
to mean that a reorganization plan Stas beta
agreed upon.
BUFFALO, Sept. 13.— At the concluding ses
sion of the National Laundrymen' 3 convention
officers -were . elected, headed > by Georse W.
Simmons of Pcoria, 111., for president.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 13.— The War De
partment has received the following cas
ualty list from General Mac Arthur:
MANILA. Sept. 13.— Adjutant General. Wash
ington: The followlnu deaths Have occurred
since last report:
DyEf-ntery— June 20. Company E. Fourth In
fantry, James W, Sears; September 7. Company
I, Thlrtj'-.*eventh Infantry. Archie Elliott; Sep
tember 2. Company B, Thirty-ninth Infantry,
Winnie Johnson; September 4. , Company D,
Sixteenth Infantry, Quartermaster Sergeant
John RelEs: September 1. Company. E, Thirtieth
Infantry. Edward H. Hesel; August 22, George
W. Scott; Company L. Eleventh Infantry, Ed
ward A. Rodden; Troop D. Eleventh Cavalry,
volunteer." James F. KaufTman; August 8.
Company F. Twenty-fourth Infantry. William
Lysle; August 16, Theodore G. Garvln; August
14, Company D. Thirty-first Infantry. William
F. Braedler; August 25. Company M, Sixth In
fantry. Cook Edward E. Enderson; August 26.
Company H, Forty-seventh Infantry, John W.
Walker.
Paralysis of the heart— August 30, hospital
corps, Frederick Hyner.
Diarrhoea — September 6, Company I* Twenty
second Infantry. ¦ James Hargrove; August 5.
Company D. Thirty-first Infantry. Corporal
Rudolph Walter: August 2S, Company L, Forty
flfth Infantry, James Boland.
Typhoid fever — September 3, Company II.
Thirteenth Infantry, Thomas H. Breeding;
September 7, Company G, Twenty-fourth Infan
try. Job n Taylor; September 4, hospital corps,
Harold IWhlttlng; August 17. Company F,
Thirty-first Infantry. CarlAnkrim.
Died from wounds received In action — Septem
ber 4/ Company D, Thirty-ninth Infantry. Cor
poral James T. Dowdy: September 1, Company
F Thirtieth Infantry, Corporal William M.
Lash.
Malarial fever— September 7. Company B,
Twelfth Infantry, Henry K. Brock; August 13.
Company F. Twenty-third Infantry. John W.
Arnold. •¦ -
Pnfeurr.onla— August IS. Company K. Thirtieth
Infantry." Henry C Shearer; July 20. Company
G Thirty-eighth Infantry. Fayette Ott.
Variola— July 12, Company I, Forty-fourth In
fantry, Corporal Samuel J. Overton : August
51, Company C, Thirtieth Infantry, Corporal
Samuel A. Hall.
Ascarls lumbricoldes— August 2«, Company H,
Thirty-eighth Infantry. John Walls.
Pyaemia— August 23. Company M, Eighteenth
Infantry, - John M. Bowerlng.
Intestinal obstruction— August 17, Company
E, Twenty-third Infantry. Sergeant William
Flemlnff. -
- Drowned— August 22. Company G. Twenty
fourth Infantry, Ernest Kins.
Killed by comrade— July 31, Company II,
Twenty-second Infantry. Corporal Joseph Fox.
Nephritis— September 4, Company A. Twenty
first Infantry. John : J. Qulnn.
s Dengue— September 2, Company I, Forty-first
Infantry. Corporal Oscar C. Hopkins.
- .-¦¦•¦•• MacARTHTJR.
MACARTHUR SENDS HIS
LATEST DEATH REPORT
MRS. CORBETT
HAS NOT GONE
TO SEEK JIM
NEW YORK, Sept. 13.— With the privi
lege accorded -to ] her. sex, Mrs. James J.
Corbett changed' her mind at the last
moment and did not sail for Europe In
search of- her recreant husband, as was
reported. She still insists that she may
follow him to Kngland, but not until some
progress is made in the divorce case. g
Through her counsel, Mrs. Corbett to-day
obtained from Judge Scott of the Supreme
Court an order for the service of the sum
mons and complaint In her suit for di
vorce upon her husband by publication.
She names Uargaret Cornellle. who was
a passenger on the Campania with Mr.
Corbett, as co-respondent in her com
plaint, and also charges that her husband
has been guilty of improper conduct with
other women whose names she does not
know.
Mrs. Corbett was herself authority for
the story that she would follow her hus
band to Europe. She left her former res
idence In West Thirty- fourth street and
after telling the servants In the house to
say that she had gone to England, went
to "an up-town hotel, where she registered
under an assumed name. j
A cablegram was sent to-day to CorBett
to be delivered to him as soon as he ar
rives in England, requesting that he taice
the next steamer home, in order that he
may assist so far a> possible to- refute
charges of crooked dealings In his battle
with McCoy made by wives of the two
pugilists. John Consldlne. Corbett's man
ager, said he did not believe the pugilist
would paV-any attention to the cable
gram, but would complete his visit as he
had planned.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Changed Her Mind at the
Last Moment and Will
Stay Home.
SYNDICATE TO
FLOAT THE NEW
GERMAN LOAN
Emperor William Preparing
to Borrow About »
$25,000,000.
It Is understood that Germany 13 seek
ing and will likely succeed in borrowing
$2T>.000,W)0 from New York-, Chicago and
Milwaukee lenders. <r
It Is evident that there is a desire to re
plenish the German stocks of gold, which
is the direct motive to the negotiation
with the American bankers by the Ger
man authorities, as it 'was of the Urltish
authorities in the allotment of, over half
of the latest Issue of British exchequer
bonds to New York bankers. The opera
tions ase closely analogous to that of tho
United States Government several years
ago when the placing of a bond Issue was
made conditional for imports of gold.
Bankers and brokers In Wall street as
sert that there Is a large demand at pres
ent In this country for foreign securities.
One tlrm states that it has placed fO.OOO.O.O
of foreign government securities among
domestic investors in the last ' twelve
months. High-grade domestic ,sectsrHi*-.i
are held at a price that makes the yearly
return Insignificant, and the high money
rates abroad keep even government bondl*
there at a price low enough to make the
return attractive to American investors.
In the event of a, reversal of the trade
balance and the relative level of money
rates these securities would find their way
back to Europe In 'the adjustment, as
American securities have come home In
the present conditions.
- NEW TORK. Sept. 13.— It was aemi-of
ficlally stated to-day at the office of Kuhn.
I/>eb & Co. that with one or two other
banking houses they would form a syndi
cate to float the new German loan. They
will be aided by the agents of the Deutsch
Bank of Berlin and New Tork. The offi
cial announcement will probably be issued
HAZELTON, Pa., Sept. 13-Meetlngs of
the local branches of | the United Mine
"Workers wore held ton-ight throughout
the anthracite coal district. Indications
are that tho strike will be general and
that most of the non-union men will go
out. By to-morrow nignt It is expected
work will be suspended at practically all
the collieries. The Delaware, i^ackawan
na and "Western and and Hud
son companies are swearing In deputies
to be in a position to guarantee protection
to any of their men "who will go to work
Monday. It is believed that if the strike
Is a long one many Hungarians nnd other
foreigners will return to Europe.
Temporary headquarters for the na
tional officers of the United Mine Work
ers have been prepared here.
Miners at Hazelton Making Ready
, for the long- Struggle.
PREPARING TO STRIKE.
It can be seen that the miners are pre
pared for a long light.
To-morrow will be spent in preparations
lor such emergencies as may arise during
the strike. Saturday night President
Mitchell will go to Hazelton and from
there to different points In the field for the
purpose of holding mass-meetings.
To-<3ay was a busy one at headquarters.
All day loqg telegrams were being re
ceived and sent out. Secretary-Treasurer
Wilson and his force of clerks were busy
answering the heavy mail that came in.
touching upon strike matters, and
throughout all of the offices there was an
air of subdued excitement. Frequently
the two chief executive officers of the or
ganization were closeted together in con
sultation upon some, phase of the situa
tion brought up byKhe news from the
lieutenants In tho Held.
There is practically no means of arriv
ing at any estimate of the resources of the
miners available for the maintenance of
the people to be called out by the strike.
President Mitchell and Secretary Wilson,
the latter the official head of the finance
department ¦ of the organization, have
tirmly declined to give out any figures on
this point.
"It would be a simple matter for the
operators," they said, "if ithey knew what
amount of money we had, to wait until it
was -exhausted. Moreover, it would be
folly on our part to make public at this
time any information upon which an esti
mate of our financial ¦ strength could be
based." 3*$iE33aB9S?Nri9|50j
At the close of last year there were 93.
134 bona fide members, in the mine work
ers' ; organization. At the convention" In
January it was decided to levy upon each
of these members an assessment' of 23
cents a month to be placed In the hands
of the National executive board for use
as a defense lund. Part of this money has
been used In small strikes, but the bulk
of it is probably available at this time.
Since January of l he present year ; there
has been a very material increase of the
membership, which, of course, carries with
It an increase in the defense fund. Aside
from the money in, the hands of the Na
tional executive board, local unions in a
number of States have accumulated large
sums of. money Inthelr. treasuries which,
while not at the command of the executive
officers of the organization, will probably
be placed; in the strike fund.
Contributions from ; other trades unions
can bo counted on, and . from theso ¦ facts
When any miner, feelins the burden of these
conditions, has gone to the management and
asked to have them rf-moved. he has been told
that lf he does not like It he can quit. Vvhen
they have organized at any colliery and have
sent committees to the management asking to
have their grievances remedied the' committee
has either been discharged or they have been
told that the evils coul.l not be remedied be
caupe of the competition from other companies.
When the representatives of the miners of the
whole region have met and asked th«> coal com
panies to m«*et them In Joint convention to ar
range vases nnd conditions upon an equltabl"
basis bo that each would know what his com
petitor was paying, and no advantage could be
taken of any one. their petition for a confer
ence has been completely Ignored.
When the' business men, clergymen and other
outside influence have appealed to the coal
companies to correct some of the evils com
plained of their requests have been denied, and
when as a last resort the officers of our organi
zation hav* wired the presidents of the great
railroad companies, who control the anthracite
coal fleldB, offering to submit the whole question
to arbitration, the proposition has been treated
with silent contempt. Having exhausted all
other means of adjustment we had reached the
point where we must either advise the miners
of the anthracite region to continue working
under these unjust and tyrannical conditions or
counsel a strike.
We have chosen the latter, and having done
bo we invite a thorough, impartial and public
investigation of the conditions existing in the
anthaclte coal fields. We believe that the great
American heart throbs in, sympathy for the
downtrodden and oppressed, whether In
this or any other land. We know the great
power of the public press In molding public
sentiment. With an abiding faith in the jus
tice of our cause and a consciousness of the
knowledge that whosoever else may vilify and
abuse us the great Jehovah knows and under
stands the rectitude of our purpose, we appeal
to the American people and to the American
press as the greatest arbiters on earth to as
sist us. and sustain us in our hour of trial.
On behalf of the national executive board.
United Mlneworkeru of America,
JOHN MITCHEL.U President.
W. B.- WILSON'. Secretary-Treasurer.
Busy at Headquarters.
take their children from school before they have
reached the age prescribed by law and place
them at work In the bn-akers In order to keep
the family from starvation.
"Woes of Miners.
SCENES OF THE COMING STRIKE IN THE ANTHRACITE COAL
REGIONS AND TWO PERSONS "WHO PROMISE TO PLAY AN IMPOR
TANT PART. AMONG THOUSANDS OF WORKING PEOPLE MRS.
JONES IS LOVINGLY STYLED "MOTHER" JONES. HER SPECIAL
FUNCTION IS TO ORGANIZE AND HELP WOMEN WORKERS EVERY
WHERE: BUT SHE IS NONE THE LESS ACTIVE AND URGENT IN"
HER SERVICES TOWARD THE MEN WHEN THEY NEED IT, AND
THEY HAVE MUCH TO THANK HER FOR.
CARRIED HIS
FATHER'S BONES
IN A TRUNK
Startling Method Employed
4 by Officer Bakulich of
This City.
Created a Sensation at the New York
Custom-House When He
Applied for a
Permit
S^ertal Dispatch to The CalL
NEW YORK. Sept. 13.-Pollceroan Vir
gil X. Bakulich of San Francisco created
a mild s«?r»satlon in the office of Colonet
Dudley X. Phelps of the law division of
the Cusron-house a Fhort time ago when
he applied to Francis S. McAvoy. chief
cleric of the division, for permission, to
take a body to Europe. Bakullch added
to Mr. McAvcy's astonishment when he
remarked in a 'reassuring way that the
body was in a metal trunk, ¦which he had
brought with him from San Francisco.
The policeman calmly said that the body
had been severed at the knees so that it
mlg-ht more eaisilv be carried in the trunk.
Mr. McAvoy was uncertain whether
BalvUlJch was Insane or a practical Joker
until the man explained that the body
was that of his father, who had been
crowned in a mine in California twenty-
Air. ilcAvoy declined to grant a permit,
however, and told him that the Federal
authorities had nothing to do with the
case, and so far as? they were concerned
there was no objection to his taking a
quantity of ancient bones out of the
country or anywhere else.
To-day word was received that Baku
tch had ajrived at Bremen by the
Faderland and had proceeded to
Austria.
Dr. T. C. Taylor, assistant registrar of
the Department of Health; said that in
view of the fact that the body had been
interrt-d tor f-o long a time there ¦was no
r.eed for Uakullch to obtain permission lo
take the bones through New York.
The Baku'lch referred to is probably
Officer Virgil X. Bakulich, the "Sandow"
of the Fan Francisco Police Department,
Mho resides at 22eS l 2 Filimore itreet. in
this city. He was "hold-up" at Los Gatos
the yft&T before last by a footpad with a
pistol, but promptly knocked his man
oown, disarmed an<i handcuffed him and
turned him ovrr to the authorities.
About six wof-ks agt> liakultch ¦was
•granted a lease of absence for six months
to allow him to ta.k«> two sick relatives
to Austria. Before leaving he had the
remains of his father * exhumed and
placed in a trur.k. inu-nding- to take them
to Austria, so that they could be buried
in the family plat. He was advised to
have the remains property shipped, but
in ordtr to rave expenses he conceived
the idea of placinjr them In a trunk, hop
!.¦%? to evade the authorities of New Tork.
MONUMENT TO
GENERAL LAWTON
IS UNVEILED
Citizens of Fort Wayne
Honor the Memory of
the Soldier.
Address.
Bryan Also Makes an
Governor Mount Denounces the Sup
porters of Aguinaldo and
FORT WATXE, Ind.. Sept. 13.— The
people of this city to-day dedicated to
the memory of General Henry W. Lawton
a monument crowned by a. cannon cap
tured by him and christened the principal
city park In honor of Lowton. The .exer
cises were under the auspices of the Un
ion Veteran Legion. William J. Bryan
was the principal orator of the occasion.
Governor Mount spoke just before Mr.
Bryan. The Governor took up the ques
tion of the Philippine war. denouncing
Acn:i:ia.ldo by name and showing a tend
ency to strong condemnation or the in
surgents and all who may sympathize
with him. He spoke of the'facl that the
gun had been taken from men who had
turned it upon our flag and our soldiers.
The Governor added:
If this cannon was not captured In a Just
and humane war and from those opposing tbe
lawfully constituted authority over thes* Isl
ands, flgrhtlng the soldiers of the Government
that had liberated them from Spanish thrall
dom. thon where Is the honor of the capture
arrd the glory of this gift? Honor these In
surgents as patriots and then you Interpret
wrongfully the words, the will and the act c£
our dead hero; this service becomes a hollow
mockery and this trophy of patriotic valor be
comes a menument to tho dishonor of our
eoldlers and the shame of our country.
1 trust - I may never see the day . when I
Ehall eo far forget my devotion and my loyalty
to my country as to characterize our soldiers
as the agents of oppression, turning the banner
of liberty Into an ersign of imperialism, nor
do I apprehend such a consummation.
Mr. Bryan made no direct reference in
his address to the utterances of Governor
Mount about the Philippine war. He said
In part:
I was Invited to participate In thl» reunion,
not as a candidate for office, but as a citizen
of this republic, and I am here to 6peak to
you not es a candidate for office, but as a
citizen. I can hardly say that I em here as.
a soldier, for I feel that my military service
was so Insignificant compared with the service
of many who are here to-day that I am Hardly
entitled to be classed among the ooldlers. b<j
far as my title is concerned I feel that it is
hardly faJr that one Fhould be called a colonel
who saw no active duty and who did not have
his courage tested upon a battlefield.
I have eupreme faith In the man who fights
when his country needs fighters, and then
works when his country needs workers, and
I pay high tribute to the volunteer soldiers oi
this country.
You have met to-day to do honor to the
memory cf a soldier, of one in the re»jular
army. We need soldiers In the rejjular army.
\\ e need some who ar» ever prepared by mili
tary training for the work of the soldier. The
differences between us are aifTerences as to
the number of regulars that we need. It It
not the l.lare to-day to disoufs the size of
our standing army; this Is net the time to
exchange opinions an to how many soldiers
we need; but no mattT what our opinions
may be us to the is'.ze of our standing arm>,
we are all jrlad that when an emergency come*
we nnd the roldter measures up to the stand
ard of a »:>ldler like Lawton did.
Mr. Bryan said that there were victo
ries of peace as well as of war. and that
he longed for "the time to come when no
hostile arm will be raised against a fel
low man."
SETH ABBOTT FOUND
THROWING MONEY AWAY
Arrested in Lowell While
Father of the Famous Opera Singer
Temporarily Insane.
*r«c!al Dii^atch to The CalL
XEW YORK. Sept. 13.— A dispatch to
the World from Lowell. Mass.. says: Seth
Abbott of San Diego. Cal.. father of the
late Emma Abbott, the famous American
cirfra singer. Is confined in a cell in police
headquarters here. He has an income of
|:00 a week left him by his daughter and
baj gone insane over his money.
He came to Lowell recently to visit
Mrs. B. C. Atkinson, a distant relative.
He was arrested yesterday, for throwing
monev away on the stmets and siring it
to clerks in stores. T-iterally he had
every kind of money about him. and al
though he was dressed in broadcloth the
:»olice locked him up because they did not
inow his identity. Now that it has been
•Uncovered he will be given a more com
fortable room at the City farm.
Cotton Txade for tha Year to Come
LANCASHIRE SPINNERS
MAY HAVE TO STOP WORK
Has a Very Gloomy
Outlook.
MANCHESTER. Sept. 13— The proa
pects of the Lancashire cotton trade for
the year to come are regarded as gloomy.
In addition to the reported smallness of
the new crop, there is a special reason
for reducing the output, namely, that In
dia and China, owing to famine and war.
have not consumed the usual quantity of
cotton good5f heavy etocks of which are
now on hand there.
The Btoppcge has already had a serious
effect on the Burnley weaving trade. To
tg- mills representing 2000 looms stopped
O there is every inofcation of a whole
sale stoppage for the next two months.
LONDON S*j>t- IS.— Baron Revelstoke, of
Baring Brt'a. & Cm (limited), la a p*esenger
<m board the White Star steamer Majestic,
which left Liverpool thl* afternoon for xvew
York.
CALL BUREAU, WELLINGTON
HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Sept.
13. — Chairman Jones and the Demo
cratic political managers will be
charged by the Republican National
Committee -with being* responsible for
the strike in the anthracite coal re
gions. Since early in the spring it
has been reported that the Demo
cratic managers intended, to inau
gurate strikes, labor troubles and
distress among 1 the families of
strikers in th© interest of Bryan dur
ing the pending campaign, and ever
since the trouble in yie anthracite
regions begun the Republican lead
ers have been trying to obtain docu
mentary evidence that would connect
their opponents with the affair. In
this they have not been successful,
though they declare their conviction
that the Democratic committee is at
the bottom of the trouble and that
John Mitchell, president of the
United Mine-Workers, has allowed
himself to be made the tool of de
signing politicians.
Chairman Hanna and other lead
ing Republicans are constantly in
communication with, leading: Repub
lican members of labor organizations.
These men, it is said, do not hesitate
to condemn the strike and to deplore
¦what they call the "prostitution of
organized labor to partisan politics.'-'
MINERS EXPLAIN
THEIR GRIEVANCES
Statement Bearing on the
Strike Issued to the
Public.
INDIANAPOLIS, Sept. 13.-In order to
place before the public the conditions ex
isting In the anthracite fields of Pennsyl
vania President John Mitchell and Sec
retary Treasurer W. B. Wilson of the
ynlted Mine Workers of America issued
to-day to the public a statement giving
the causes that have led up to the strike.
After the statement had been given out
for publication President Mitchell said:
"At this time I do not believe anything
will take place between now "and Monday
that will prevent the strike. All the in
formation coming to my office to-day in
dicates that the struggle is practically
"I have- been receiving messages all
day from the anthracite region which In
dicate clearly that the indorsement of the
strike and the Issuance of the order has
met with the approval of the miners.
There are a few details to be arranged,
but the men are prepared for the fight.
I have not received to-day any informa
tion direct or Indirect to show that the
operators have receded from their posi
tion."
The statement follows:
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Sept. 13.— The mem
bers of the national executive board of the
United Mine /Workers of America, realizing
that the material we*fare of a large number of
the American people will be Injuriously a/Tected
by a suspension of work in the coal fields ot
Pennsylvania, knowing the Irresistible power
of a concentrated public opinion and having a
profound respect for the opinions of their fel
low men. have decided to make a general state
ment for the information of the public.
No one can have a greater appreciation of
the far-reaching effect of a strike of the anthra
cite coal miners. The coal miners and their
families, the coal companies and the coal car
riers are but a small portion of the vast multi
tude whose interests are so directly and indi
rectly connected with the coal trade that a
conflict of such magnitude will affect their
welfare.
Vast Interests Affected. ?
The domestic fuel supply of the West; the
great manufacturing industries of the Kast;
the wholesale and retail business establish
ments; the great ocean, lake, canal and rail
road transjxirtatlon ln^erests, laboring men and
capitalists will all be affected by such a gigan
tic struggle. That the world may know that
we have done all that honorable men can do
to avoid the conflict we herewith submit a few
facts lor careful consideration:
The average wages of -the anthracite miner
for many years have been less than $250 an
nually. During that period or time the cost
of many of the necessaries ot life has been
Increased 20 per cent. An Increase in the cost
of living without a corresponding Increase of
wages Is equivalent to a reduction in wages.
¦> The laws of the State of Pennsylvania make
2400 pounds a ten of anthracite coal, yet an
thracite coal miners are compelled to mine from
2700 to 4000 i<ounds for a ton, and in addition
to that are docked -exorbitant amounts, often
reaching 12 per cent of their dally earnings,
for any Impurities which may be sent out with
their coal. Where they are paid by the car,
instead of being required to furnish a well
rounded heap on the car. at the breakers, as"
was originally ¦ agreed to, they have gradually
been compelled to Increase the' amount of coal
Jn each car by., building the same perpendicu
larly from sir to eighteen inches ¦ above . the
edge. They are compelled to purchase ." the
powder used in mining from their employers,
paying $2 75 per keg for a grade, of powder'that
can be purchased elsewhere for (1 to. per keg
and which wholesales for about %l per keg
They are required by many of the companies
to deal In "pluck me" stores or leave their
employment. They must pay to the company
$1 per month for a doctor whether they need
him or not and 1 have - no voice in - saying who
the doctor shall b«. - . ¦ - . ;
The ¦mallness of their earnings, together with
the great cost of living, has compelled them to
FAMOUS ARAB CHIEFS
FORCES ARE ROUTED
I-ast Remnant of the Late Abdah's
Command Is Put to
PARIS. Sept. 13.— The Minister of Col
onies, it, de Crais, has received a dispatch
announcing the defeat of the last remnant
of the forces of the Abdah. the famous
Arab chief, who was long a thorn. In the
side of the French In Southern Sahara
and who was recently killed and his army
dispersed by a French column.
The remnant under his two sons ha*
now finally been routed by an expedition
commanded by Captain Relbell. who, wllh
£00 native troops and three cannon, took
three camps of the enemy by. assault.
One son was killed and the other wound
ed. A large quantity of arms and am
munition as well as rich treasure fell
into the hands of the French.
THREE ATTEMPTS MADE
TO WRECK TRAINS
Obstructions Placed on "Union Pa
cific Tracks Opportunely
Discovered. .
ABILENE, Kans., Sept. 33.— Three at
tempts were made last night to wreck
Union Pacific trains west -of here. Ties
were piled on the track In front of the
local passenger train and the "flyer"
westbound and heavy iron on the track
before the "flyer" eastbound. The ob
structions were discovered and th© trains
stopped In time to prevent damage.
Statement but a Military Guard "Will
Be Lef^at Peking.
LONDON. Sept. 14. 4 a.»m.— No further
light is thrown this morning upon Lf
Hung Chang's intended movements. The
Times has an Interesting dispatch from
Peking, dated September 4, which says In
part:
"Russia has decided to withdraw her
legation from Peking, leaving a purely
military command. An official announce
ment of this Is expected to-day. The other
powers will also presumably withdraw
their legations, leaving Pelting under tho
military control of the allies during tho
winter at least.
"At a meeting of the generals th© Rus
sian commander announced that Russia
would maintain 15,000 troops during the
¦ winter.
1 "The German commander said that Ger
many would keep the same number and
the Japanese commander announced that
Japan would have 22,000.
"The British general was not in a posi
tion to make an announcement. There is
everv indication, however, that Lord Sal
isbury has determined that our present
subordinate position in Peking must be
come still humbler. In the best-In formed
quarters the opinion is expressed that
Russia and Germany are acting In accord.
Russia seeking the definite alienation of
all territory north of the great wall and
Germany the annexation of Shantung,
Kiangsu and the Yangtse provinces. Rus
sia also seeks to restore the power of the
Empress Dowager and the Emperor, in
order to be enabled to wield her influence
through them over the remaining prov
inces. The dismemberment of China seems
almost inevitable.
RUSSIA TO WITHDRAW.
heard from on the subject, but the dispo
sition is to regard their communications
not as answers, but rather as argumenta
tive statements, which leave the main ia
sue still open for d'scusslon. This point,
however, becomes of diminished impor
tance in view of the announced purpose
of the Russian Government to modify the
terms of its original proposition !n the
manner indicated.
all the foreign troops, in the opinion of the
officials here.
An Inference from the Russian state
ment Is that Li's coming to Peking will
be forwarded by Russia in the hope of
making the desired arrangement for the
establishment of a Chinese government
there.
As Ll- cannot roach the capital from
Shanghai, starting to-morrow, inside of a
week. It may be that there will be no de
velopments in the international situation
within that period of time.
Our Government has not been advised
even yet that all of the answers to the
Russian note have been returned. It is
said that all of the powers have been
for the protection of American life and
property In China pending a final settle
ment, it has succeeded in attaining this
object, as is indicated in the response
from Li Hung Chang presented to Assist
ant Secretary IitH mis morning by Minis
ter Wu.
The department asked Li Hung Chang
"without further delay to give assurance
that the life and property of Americans
wilt henceforth be respected throughout
the Chinese empire."
The Viceroy nas given the assurance
asked for. His wora came in the shapt?
of a cable dispatch to Minister Wu, dated
yesterday at Shanghai. Mr. Wu called at
the State D.epartmint this morning and
presented this answer to Dr. Hill. He in
turn sent it forward to the President It
will be for the latter to decide whether
Li's- assurance is sufficient to meet the
needs of the case.
Ll Hung Chang's message removed per
haps the last obstacle to the speedy be
ginning of negotiations for the termina
tion of the Chinese trouble, and the only
doubt that now exists la as to his ability
to redeem his pledge to protect American
interests and stop the outrages on the
missionaries and native converts. If he
can do this and thus manifest the exist
ence of a de facto government there is no
reason to doubt that negotiations will be
immediately in order.
The notice that Russian troops will not
evacuate Peking until some arrangements
have been made for the Installation of a
government to take charge of affairs Is
directly In line with the aim the State
Department has been pursuing In the ex
changes with Li Hung Chang, and If this
Russian decision is adhered to it certainly
will facilitate the ultimate withdrawal of
-f A -TASH1NGTCN, Sept. 1^— The crisis
\/V/ that was mar. at hand yesterday
'¥ y over the evacuation proposal of
the Russian Government has
been averted for a time at least,
and tho diplomatic side of the matter has
become again the object of attention. The
order. to Gentral Chaffee to leave at once
which was expected in some ouarters was
not issued to-day. Instead earnest efforts
are belngr made to , arrange the prelimin
aries for the negotiations which are ex
pected finally to settle the Chinese
troubles.
The Chinese Government has made swift
answer to the late<^ communication from
the State Der.artmont relative to the rec
ognition of Ll Hnnc Chang cs an envoy
competent to negotiate a peace settlement.
There never has betn any doubt here as
to the sufficiency of Li's credentials as a
plenipotentiary, but the effort of the State
Department has been to cause him to use
any extraordinary powers he might have
Efforts Being Made to Arraoge Ne»
gotiatloiras for Final Set-
"The Empress Dowager has retained
Prince Chlng's son as a. hostage for his
father."
The Shanghai correspondent of the
Timc3. wiring Wednesday, confirms th*
report3 of the uneasy feeling there con
cerning Germany's intentions toward the
\ angt»e provinces, especially the Kiang
Mn forts.
The St. Petersburg correspondent of the
Times says he Is irf a position to assert
positively that the Russian troopa In Man
churia are preparing for a winter cam
paign.
The Shanghai correspondent of the As
sociated Press, wiring Wednesday, and
confirming the report as to three of the
four conditions proposed by a certain
power as the basis of negotiations, says
he has it from a Peking source, usually
reliable, that Princ* Ching has already
begun to negotiate, but that the second
condition Is the treatment of Manchttrian
provinces. Including the Lfaotung penin
sula, as a buffer state.
ATROCITIES BY RUSSIANS.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
PEKING. Sept. 3. via Chefu. Sept. 10.
Shanghai. Sept. 13. — French and Russian
troops arriving now are guilty of fright
ful atrocities. At Tungchow they out
raged and slaughtered women and killed
children by thousands. fJeneral Fuku
shiraa, Japanese comander, made per
sonal complaint to the Russian and
French genera!.-* and urged General Chaf
fee to do likewise.
The Sixth I'nited States Cavalry r?eon
noltered as* far as Hunting Fork (Forlc
road at Huanling. north of Peking), and
killed two Boxers, besides destroying
largo stores of rice.
Owing to th? stress of military business
General Chaffee refuses to allow press
correspondents the u*e of the wire from
Peking to Taku.
*
I.I MAKES PROMISES.
PARIS. Sept. 13.-The French Consul
at Shanghai telegraphs that at hi3 re
quest LI Hung- Chang wired the Governor
of the province of Shensi to take meas
ures to protect the Belgian missionaries,
who were in great trouble. The Governor
replied that measures had been taken arvl
a detachment of cavalry had been dis
patched for their defense. Earl LI, th«
Consul says, informed him that he had
given urgent orders for the protection of
the missionaries at Chentins-Fu. south
west of Paotinp-Fu, and Hin Nln, in the
province of Chill. ,;", -,.-¦
*
QUARTERS POR, BUSSIANS.
ST. PETERSBURG. Sept. 13.— The
Novoe Vremya says quarters have al
ready been secured at Tientsin for Rus
sian troops leaving 1 Peking. The paper
adds that some detachments will march
to Taku and remain there, but that tho
majority will return to Port Arthur or
Tallenwan for the winter.
A dispatch from Saratov says that the
dispatch of batteries of artillery and the
purchase of horses for the use of tue
Russian army In the Far East have b2en
countermanded.
MISSIONARIES KTXLED
WASHINGTON. Sept. lX-Minlsi?r Cnn
per cables the State Department undtr
date of September 6 as follows:
"Hodges killed Paotlngfu."
Minister Conger's dispatch was In nn
s»wer to a cabled inquiry from the State
Department as to the fate of Missionary
Courtland van Bennsflaer Hodge ami
wife, Elsie Campbell Hodge. The coupio
were natives of Philadelphia and belonged
to the Presbyterian mission.
BOXERS ARE ACTIVE.
ROME. Sept. 13.— A dispatch from Takti
dated September 7. confirming the report
of the formation at Tientsin of a mixed
corps of 4000 trocpa. including 200 men d
the Fifteenth United States Infantry, to
march against Boxers threatening the
Tientsin region, says that the Boxers had
artillery and were molesting boats in
charge of the victualing service on the
imperial canal.
TATXN AT TATTJNG.
SHANGHAI. Tuesdav. Sept. 11.— From
a reliable source it is cscertalned that tho
Empress Dowager. Emperor Kwanij Hsu
and Prince Tuan are at Tatune. in the
province of Shansi/ where they will re
main for a short time, after which, if not
disturbed, they will proceed southward
to Taiyuan. in the same province.
NATIVES MASSACRED.
SHANGHAI. Sept. 11 — During July
20.000 native converts were massacred in
the northern provinces. "Women were
subjected to unspeakable barbarities, in
several cases the torture being prolonged
for days. />, .
WTLSON IN PEKING.
PEKING. Sept. 9.— Brigadier General
J. II. Wilson. U. S. V.. is here, ur.der in
structions to report to Major General
Chaffee, commanding the American forces
here.
CHINESE CRISIS AT
PRESENT AVERTED
WEBSTER DAVIS NOT
LOYAL TO COUNTRY
GALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON
HOTEL.. WASHINGTON, Sept. IS.
—%Vebster Davis, former Assistant
Secretary of the Interior. Is ac
cused of having, while still in the
Government service and before- he went
to South Africa, set on foot a movement
for the enlistment of men for service in
t!:<? Boer army.
This charge is made in a statement"
given out for publication by Gustave
Thielkuhl, who was formerly a photog
rapher In the Patent Office. Mr. Thirlkuhl
cays that last October Mr. Davis, having
ascertained that he was a Boer sympa
thizer, proposed that .he should insert an
advertisement in Washington newspapers
for men of military experience to "go to
the Transvaal. He says Mr. Davis wrote
V:e advertisement and that ho turned
p-. t all the replies to Mr. Davis. So many
iricn cp.me to the Patent Office to see
Th'.plkuhl that complaint was made by
chiefs of division and an investigation
vies made by Mr. Davis, who was then
Acti-.g Secretary. Mr. Davis decided in
£"'°f. cf Thielkuhl. Then, according to
Tnlelkuhl'e statement, throngs of m«n'
continued to come, and Secretary Hitch
cock who had returned to the city, or
d»>rA<i another investigation. Thielkuhl
cays Mr. Davis then dirtcted him to re
fign and get his passport, as he was go
.:.S to tend him to South Africa to repre
sent men -who xverfc to follow as practical
relaera. Thielkuhl waited until December
... when he says: "'I met Mr. Davis and
be informed me for the first time that he
had concluded to go to South Africa him
eelf. as it was necessary for him to see
President Kruptr, so as to arrange for
the payment and shipment of the men
v. ho bad applied to us: a '.so to secure pay
ment for his time and expense, all of
¦which I have no doubt fce succeeded in
tH.lng."
Mr. ThielJnihl says his understanding
v."as that he and all the men who were
to go to South Africa were to be well paid
sind were to have share? set aside for
them in the Ivlmberley diamond fields. He
signing Has Of face.
the Boers for Pay Before Re-
Charged With Having Worked for
declares he has never received any com
pensation from Mr. Davis nor from any
other person *or his services and ex
penses in this matter. He adds: "Mr.
Davis expected to receive a large sum ot
money from President Kru&er for his ser
vices in the Boer cause, and I presume his
expectations were realized."
Furthermore, Mr. Thielkuhl says he be
lieves the Boers ore prolonging the war
on the strength of promises made to them
br Mr. Davis of sympathy and assistance
of the United States if Mr. Bryan should
be elected. Mr. Thielkuhl says he wants
the people of the United States to know
that while Mr. Davis was Assistant Sec
retary of the Interior he was disloyal to
his Government.
COMMENT OF GERMANS.
BERLIN, Sept. 13. — The German papers
discussed Mr. Kruger's arrival at Lou
renzo Marques and interpet it as tanta
mount to the end of the war. The Na
tional Zeitunjj says:
"This remains true even if Kruger is
only temporarily absent to make efforts
for the Intervention of Europe."
The- Vo«slscn« Zeitung- observes: "The
friends of the Boers must reconcile them
selves to the fact that the Boer power of
resistance Is definitely broken,"
BOTHA HAS RESICUTED.
LOI'REXZO MARQUES. Sept. 13.-Mr.
Kruper telegraphed his wife to Join him
before sailing-, but she has replied that
her health will not permit it. It is re
ix>rted that Commandant General Louis
Botha has resigned the chief command of.
the Transvaal forces to Commandant Vil-
Joen.
Battle with. Boers.
LONDON. Sept. 13.— Lord Roberts re
ports from Machadodorp, under date of
Wednesday, September 12, that General
French was heavily engaged that day
with the Boers in the hills west of Bar
berton and that General Hutton had gone
to General French's support.
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALTi, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1900.
Fax Responsibility for Coal
v: : -:"Mihers 9 Discontent.
RepiabMcae National Committee Seeks t©
DEMOCRATIC LEADERS
BLAMED FOR THE STRIKE
Standard Oil Seeks Control.
LONDON. Sept. 14.— It Is reported from
on.
Rout
3IN MEMORY OF BRAVE SAILORS
WHO FELL IN SAMOAN AMBUSH
LIEUTENANT ROOSEVELT
TO MARRY MISS MORROW
THE SAN' FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1900.
His Selection as Assistant Football
"Manager at Stanford Ratified.
Special Dispatch to The Call. '
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Sept. 13.—
At- a meeting of the student executive
committee yesterday the selection of Nor
man H. Davis,, '02. to be assistant football
manager, was ratified. J. Burt Glider-
DAVIS IS SATISFACTORY.
Joseph Buelna cf Santa Cruz Brings
In a Five-Hundred Pound Fish,
Towing It for rive
Miles.
FISHERMAN CATCHES
A MAMMOTH TUNA
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
SANTA CRl'Z. Sept. 13.— One of the
largept fish ever caught in this bay was
landed by Joseph Buelna yesterday.
It was a tuna that weighed nearly 500
T»our.ds. It wap caught In the night in
Buelna's nets five miles from shore, and
It took him two hours to untangle the" big
catch from the nets. He towed it for
three miles, when he met a fisherman
named John Perez, who assisted him in
landing the tuna in the boat. It took four
men and a derrick to get the flsh on the
wharf.
Mutilated Body Found.
Si>ecia! Dispatch to The «.*all.
SKATTLE. Sept. 13.— The local police to
day re«t'ive<i s^ letter from Wenatchec
giving the details , of the murder six
miles west of that city of T. I.
Shanley of this city. When found the
body of the victim was badly decomposed,
having lain in the sun for over two weeks.
Tlie circumstances surrounding the kill
ing are similar to those under which
tramps murdered Carl Bonser near Mount
Vernon. August 22. The men in that case
are known to have walked the Great
Northern track across the mountains anil
suspicion attaches to them as the perpe
trators of both crimes. Shanley left this
city August 13 for W^natchee under en
gagement as cook on the river steamer
Selkirk. The man arrived at Wenatchee
August 14, but frequented saloons and did
not apply for work.
Accidentally Shot His Son.
SAN MIGUEL, Sept. 13.— The sever.
year-old twin bon of, Chalmers King, . a
well-known rancher of Estrella, was ac
cidentally shot and instantly killed by his
father last evening. The father and son
were In the orchard shooting birds and
when the elder King reloaded the rifle it
was prematurely discharged., The bullet
Ktruck the child in the region of the heart
and pierced his body, lodging under the
skin under the right shoulder blade.
The parents are nearly crazed with
grief over the unfortunate occurrence, the
mother's life being despaired of. The
Coroner's jury agreed that the death was
accidental.
Injuries Prove Fatal.
Special Dlepatch to The Call.
SAN 'JOSE. Sept. 13.— Joseph D. Grant,
the old man who. was knocked down by a
train at the narrow-gauge depot on Mon
day night, died to-day of his injuries. He
conducted a *aloon at Lexington, above
Los Gaton. and had Just come to San. Jose
to viKlt his wife and children when the
accident happened.
MRS. BARDIN
SAYS HUSBAND
DESERTED HER
Wife of the Monterey County
Capitalist Sues for
Divorce.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALINAS, Sept. 13.— Quite a flurry was
caused in society circles in this city this
afternoon when It became publicly
known and a matter of record that Sirs.
Mary H. Bardln wished a legal separation
from her husband. James Bardln, one of
the wealthiest and most influential citi
zens of thl3 community. Especially was
It a surprise that Mrs. Bardin should
charge desertion as the cause for the
action. Mr. Bardln's estate Is valued at
over $100,000, and up to this time he was
considered a most liberal man, as well aa
an ample provider for his family.' He Is
interested in all public enterprises, as well
as charitable movements, but still his
spouse of twenty years alleges that he
has deserted her.
The Bardins have lived In Blanco, near
this city, for many years, and for the past
year of more Mrs. Bardin has been in
Southern California, supposed to be re
cuperating after an operation.
Mr. Bardin went to Paris several
months ago and only returned a few
weeks since. Hardly had he returned
home when he heard of his wife's desire
to be legally separated. The action, how
ever, was not begun until to-day.
Both parties to the action are old set
tlers of this valley and are connected with
pome of the best families In the State.
They have apparently lived happily to
gether for many years. They are among
the foremost people in society of this vi
cinity and the action is indeed a shock
to the social community, as well as the
public In general.
Mr. Bardin has lived In California many
years and has made a fortune in the cul
ture of sugar beets, and this year has a
vast acreage in the saccharine producing
vegetable. The suit will no doubt, when
brought Into court, produce many sensa
tional phases.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postmasters Commissioned, Postal
Changes and Pensions Issued.
Special Dispatch to The Call. ¦
WASHINGTON. Sept. 13.— The postofflce
at Ellslo, Ventura County, has been dis
continued and mail will be sent to Santa
Paula.
Postmasters commissioned: Peter , J.
Van Lobensels. Trask, Cal.; Minnie M.
Culp. Wildwood. Or.; Savannah Tulloek.
Spanaway, Wash.
Postmasters appointed: Oregon — J H
Kissinger. Fall Creek. Lane County vice
William E. Wilmot. resigned; Fred Hew.
ett, Ukiah. Umatllla County, vice, Wil
liam D. Helmlck. reslfrned; Henry T.
Hart. Woodville. Jackson County, vice A.
R. Merritt. resigned.
Pensions issued to-day: California-
Original— Joseph I. Kidd. Soldiers' Home.
Los Aneeles, $6; Francis Quarles Jr.. Pas
adena, $6.
Orepon-Oripinal-Edward Washburn,
Albany, $6.
Washington— Increase— Cary P. Taplln.
Couple Have Been Married for Twen
ty Years and Have Always
Apparently Lived.Happi
ly Together.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 13.— William Short has.
an apile tree that Days no attention to the
laws "of nature. In his orchard la a tree that
is in the height of its jtlory and is covered with
blossoms. The tree did not bloom in the spring,
but now at this late time of the season It is
a mass of blossoms.
LOS ANGEI>KS, Sept « 13.— Reed Bickford.
recently released from Highlands Insane Asy
lum an cured and more recently undergoing
treatment at the Pasadena Cleneral Hospital,
leaped from a second-story window of th<? lat
tor establishment this morning, and. striking
the cement pavement beneath, was instantly
killed.
I.OS ANGEI.KS, S<?r>t. 13.— The Los Angeles
Jobbers' Association has prepared and will
immediately file with the Railroad Commis
sioners a complaint against the alleged dis
crimination of the Southern Pacific in the mat
ter of freight rates to Bakersneld, the Ix>s
AnReles Jobber? maintaining that the rates
from San Francisco to Bakersneld are less than
the rates from I/>s Angeles to Bakersneld. not
withstanding: the distance is grreater and that
this is a'manlfest unjust discrimination. -
LOS AXGELES. Sept. 13.— Yesterday the Jury
was selected in thp case of A. C. Brentner v».
the Southern Pacific, nnd to-rtay taking of testi
mony was begun. Brentner's wife was struck
by a Southern Pacific train at San Pedro Au
tust 11 1839. dying a few flays later, and the
milt is "Tor $2.".,000 damsees. Frank F. Davin.
one of the leading Republican orators of South
ern California, and Judge DPlmas. the well
known Democratic leader cf San Francisco, are
associated as counsel for the prosecution, while
the Southern Pacific is represented by Messrs.
Bicknell. Trask and Gibson.
to School.
TROUBLE WITH INDIANS.
Pimas Refuse to Send Their Children
PHOENIX, Ariz., Sept. 13.— Actuated by
religious fanaticism inspired by their
priest, a large number of Pima Indians
on the Sacaton reservation have refused
to send their children to the Indian school
there and Agent Hadley is powerless to
force them to obey the school laV.
Deputy Marshal Porterle, -armed -with
warrants Issued hero to-day by Federal
Commissioner" Johnstone. will leave to
morrow with other. deputies for the rescr
vation to aid the ag^nt. Trouble occurreti
there Monday when twenty bucks flatly
refused to send their children to schooi
and threatened violence if Hadley at
tempted to execute the order. The PImas
have heretofore -. been the most peaceful
of all Arizona tribes, but are said to tk
: aroused now to a high pitch of excite
ment and more serious difficulty Is prob
able. - •¦ ¦¦ - ¦ ¦"- • '-• > - ; -"
Long Voyage Ended.
SEATTLE, Sept. 13.— The schooner Car
rier Dove of eighty-three tons arrived
here to-day from ; South . Amboy, N. J.,
whence she sailed January* 16, completing
one of i the longest voyages on record for
a craft of her size. . Captain John Grottle
and a crew of- five men were the only
persons making the trip. She accom
plished tho difficult feat of sailing through
the Straits of. Magellan, taking six weeks'
time to pass, from- ocean to; ocean.
Killed by > Street Car.
LOB ANGELES. Sept., 13.— H. C.^Logan
of Santa Monica was struck and instantly
killed " by, a Washington-street ;: car ; this
morning. . He - was ~ 40 ¦' years of age and
leaves an invalid wife. '
SUDDEN DEATH OF
BARBARA JORDAN
Youngest Daughter of the President
of Stanford University Passes
Away After a Brief
COAST NEWS IN BRIEF.
Illness.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 13.-
Barbara Jordan, the youngest child of Dr.
and Mrs. David Starr Jordan, died at the
family residence last night after an ill
ness of only a few days. Complications
arising from a severe cold were the imme
diate cause of death, though she had been
much weakened by a long sickness from
scarlet fever while visiting in Santa Bar
bara during the past summer.
President Jordan, who has been spend
ing his vacation in Japan, will not learn
of his daughter's demise until he arrives
in San Francisco on his return voyage.
He is expected on the Nippon Maru. due
to-morrow. Arrangements for the funeral
services have not yet been made.
PROGRESS OF
METHODISM IN
THE PAST YEAR
Bjx-clal Dispatch to Th« CStlL
PACIFIC GROVE. Sept. 13.— Nearly the ]
entire membership of the California Meth
ofllBt EpiscopaJ Conference, one of the
largest in America, assembled in the
Methodist church in this city this morn-
Ing to begin the work of the second day
of the forty-Aighth annual session of the
conference, and when the presiding offi
cer. Bishop John W. Hamilton, called the
body to order It was found that the inter
est of yesterday was increased. The call
of the roll for yesterday's absentees
showed one of the largest attendances
ever recorded in the minutes of the Cali
fornia conferences.
After the opening- business the presid
ing elders' reports were taken up, that of
Dr. S. G. Gale of the Napa district being
presented first." A marked Improvement
in church work an<l church building j
throughout the districi and a striking in- i
crease in benevolent collections and j
church and Epworth League membership j
v;a« reported, evoking hearty applause i
from the house.
BiFhpp Hamilton then made the an- j
nounepment of a very important change j
In the character of thi<? body, that of the (
eeparatlon of the Japanese district from
the conference and organizing it into the j
Pacific Japanese Mission, which Is virtu- [
ally, though not technically as yet. a con- !
ference by.itsf-lf. This change was m»ces- '
eitated by the great increase In the terri
tory covered since the annexation of
Hawaii.
The report of Dr. M. C. Harris, the pre
siding e\(lcT of tho olJ Japanese district,
was therefore listened to with extraor
dinary lntTc->*t. In his report Dr. Harris
told many interesting facts, among which
was the harm done to Japanese mission
work by the rwent anti-Japanese feeling
on this roaj=t and the plague scare In San
Francisco. In ihe course of his report lie
highly oommen<i*'d the action of the Fed
eral court* in raising the quarantine up
on Chinatown.
At the clOW of Dr. Harris' report Hon.
H. K. Carroll of N»v. T York, missionary
Ffcretary of the Methodist Kpifscopai
church in America, was presented to this
conference and iddremed the body briefly
upon the monetary sine of mission work,
ptvinff some interesting statistics. In his
late capacity of Commissioner to Porto
Jiico he was enabled to study the situa
tion there from a missionary viewpoint,
end he spoke to-day of the readiness of
thf Porto Rlcans lo i<cp|v« Americans
«7!d th<-ir institutions Of church and state.
The visiting clergy vr-re then presented
and given a hearty rcr eption by the con
ference.
The report Of probably the most im
portant district In the bounds of this con-
If-r^nco, the San Francisco district, \v,n
thru presorted by its popular presiding
< i<5»T, Dr. \V. \V. Cas«». and -was r<*ceiv«»d
•with almost continuous applause.
He said in part: "This is my third an
nual report for San. •JYandsco district.
The y^ar just rinsing h.:s be*>n the best of
the threo in apparent results. More con
versim-s renorfvi. more moneys raised Tor
bewvol^nt purpose*, more debts paid,
mrirp improvements in church property,
talaripp more fully mot. no deaths among
the pastors. Epwcrth Leagues growing.
Eunday-fchrols better manned and man
sirrd. prayer meetings more spiritual, the
University of the Pacific in a fair way
to emancipation from debt, the Deaconcf*
Home and Training School developing
larp^r possibilities, the orphanage wisely
managed, the encampment at Pacific
Orrtng to Annexation of Hawaii Jap
anese District Is Segregated
and Will Soon Become a
Separate Conference.
IMPORTANT CHANGE IS MADE.
Paciiic GroYe.
Interesting Reports Read
at the Conference at
Troopship Nuddea Arrives at Hong
kong After Having Been Buf-
- feted by a Typhoon.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright, 1900, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
HONGKONG. Sept. 13.— Fearful weath
er prevails and there Is great anxiety for
the safety of tho transports from India.
The troopship N'uddea arrived with her
foremast and deck fittings gone. She was
in the track of a typhoon for two days
and her steering charts were lost. The
Indian troops were battened down under
the hatches and numbers of them were
severely injured. The French troopship
Adonis and the Itidian troopship Warora
are overdue.
ROCK ISLAND MAY
% BUILD TO SAN DIEGO
Surveying Parties Said to Be Laying
Out a Line Across the Desert
From Yuma.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO, Sept. 13.— Deputy ; District
Attorney J. N. Metcalf, who has just re
turned from Hedges, reports that he had
a.. conversation. with a prominent railroad
man who eave him positive assurance
that the Rock Island road was preparing
to build into San Diego. This railroad
man is interested in the project to build
from Salt Lake to Los Angeles and has
holdings in other ' railroads, . so that he
evidently knew whereof he spoke. 1 He
said the Rock Island purveying party was
on the desert this side of Yuma, running
toward San Diego, and that, they were
working across the desert in almost, a di
rect line from Yuma. He said he had It
on reliable authority that' the Rock Isl
and road was making plans for extending
its line to the Pacific Coast, so as to have
an ocean outlet and benefit' by, the in
creased trade with the Orient.' *-..-. .
The plans are to build across Arizona
and from Yuma direct to San Diego. This
will give San Diego a direct Eastern out
let and the competing line, for' which it
has long been looking. Rock Island offi
cials have at last realized how much dis
tance can be saved by a short cut to the
coast by way of San Diego, and they aro
preparing to take advantage of the op
portunity. The story told by Mr. Metcalf
is in accordance with that told by . W. E.
Smythe, vice president of the Water and
Forest Association of California, in hl«
address at- the Chamber of Commerce »
few days ago
New Mining Districts.
Special Dispatch to" The Call. •
- SEATTLE; Sept." 13. — Judge Noyes has
created two new mining districts In the
northwest portion' of Alaska. The names
of the divisions are the * Arctic and the
Good Hope. - Charles E.. Gay la appointed
United. States Commissioner ana ex-of
flcio recorder; for Arctic District and Wil
liam S. Thompson fo# Good Hope District.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAM RAFAEL, Sept. 13.— An . unprece
dented run of smelt took place along the
shore above El Campo during the high
tide this afternoon. The- water for-sev
eral hundred yards- from shore fairly
seethed with struggling fish. A large
whale, !n company with a smaller one,
spent several hours among the frightened
schools collecting a good dinner. Several
amateur fishermen captured- Immense
quantities of the fish by simply scooping
them out of the water.
MIS3 Maud Scranton, who was one of a
party of picnickers on fhore. upon seeing
the fish had the Wnltonian spirit so
stirred within her that she sprang into a
boat moored to the rocks and commenced
landing the smelt in the boat. Armed
¦with only a large sun hat. the young lady
scooped over a hundred pounds of the
silvery fish from the water at the stern
of the crnlt. Every one had fish to tat
and give away, and old fishermen are only
regretting that Mr. Whale does not give
them notice when he Intends driving an
other school ofsmelt shoreward.
ANXIETY REGARDING
TRANSPORTS FROM INDIA
Campo.
for Picnickers at El
Thousand of Small Fish Frightened
by Whales Provide Good Sport
THE WATER TEEMED
WITH SHINING SMELT
sleeve was elected manager of the fresh
man tfam. Pave Brown. fT, C. A. Cant
well, '01. and F. L«. Berry, "39, were electP'l
members of the intercollegiate athlrti 1
committee to represent Stanford's ath
letic interests.
,The first match of th<» season will be
played on the campus between th» eleven
from Hoitt's School and the Stanford
freshmen.
DAIRYMiai ADJOURN".
Board of Directors for tha Ensuing
Year Chosen.
SACRAMKXTO, Sept. I. 1 ?.— The closing
session of the State Dairy Convention wa*
held In the Senate chamber th)3 after
noon. The principal discussion this morn
ing was on the subject of variations in
milk testing. .The plan was advocated hy
the representatives of the Stato Unlver
' Mty of having the farmers tpst their own
milk and keep an account with each cow.
Thia afternoon silos were discussed.
The board of directors for the ensuing
year was elected and includes: George C
Barber of Grizzly Bluff. C. H. Sessions of
Los Angeles. T. H. Harvey nf Gait A
P. Martin of Petaluma. Mrs. M G. Sher
man of Fresno. William Johnston of
CourtTand. J. S. Shields of Saorampr.tr>
W. H. Le Barron of Valley Ford. W. H.
Roussell of San Franolsco" X. N. I.o.-v^
of Lockeford and John Judson of Sair
Pasquel.
Grove In July the best for years, the must |
approved and successful camp meeting at
Beulah Park, and the coming to us of a
vigorous man to be resident bishop, con
spire to make the year one of more than
usual interest."
Dr. A. J. Guptafpon of the Swedish dis
trict next presented his report.
The first storm of the present session
occurred just before adjournment this
morning, over a technicality in regard to
the manner of rtportlng benevolent col
lations of Individual churches. The body
w?s practically divided Into two factions,
Bnd the wordy war lasted for over an
hou^. resulting in the continuance of the
present custom unmodified.
The conference committees began their
labors this aft-rnoon. meeting in execu
tive session and disposing of a consider
able amount of the year's business. The
Women's Foreign Missionary Society alFo
held anniversary exercises during the
afternoon, with an address by Hishop
Hamilton and the annual missionary ser
mon by Rev. R. E. Wenk of Yreka.
To-night the "1M1 Epworth League
Committee" he!d the center of events in
giving r*>port« to the conference of the
plans and preparations they are carrying
on for the reception of the great Interna
tional Epworth League Convention, which
meets in San Francisco next spring. Ad
dresses wpre. delivered by Bishop Hamil
ton, Dr. Thomas Filben of Pacific Grove.
Dr. J. N. Beard of San Francisco and
J. H. N. Williams of Napa. the last three
being the "I'M Committee." This ees
pion was largely attended and universal
Interest was manifested, especially by the
laity present, in all that committee ha?
done or is doing toward the success of the
great convention next May.
Roosevelt of Xew York and was appointed
to service during the late Spanish war.
Ml?s Morrow has been visiting at the
home of lieutenant Commander A. F.
Fechteler. aid to Admiral Miller, Mrs.
Fechteler being her sister. It was during
thls stay at Mare Island that M!ss Mor
row met Lieutenant Rnncevelt.
The werldin? will not take place for
pome time. Lleutennnt Roosevelt i.-; at
present on duty at the naval rendezvous.
40 Kills street. San Francisco.
THE above i? a reproduction of the
first photograph received in this coun
try of the monument erected !n Apia,
Samoa, In memory of the officers and
m^n of British and American ships, who
f<r-U in th«- ambush of April 1. 1S99, at the
bands <"if Mataafas followers. It was un
vr'lmi nn Sunday. July 29 last, by his Ex-
oellency the Governor of Samoa, In the
presence of the officers and men of the
l"nited States ship Abterenda and her
j Majesty's ship Pylades and a large assem
blage of natives and resident foreigners.
The monument is of gray granite com
plete and weighs about fifteen tons. It is
enriched by the British and American
flags entwined in bronze; also a navy an-
! chor of the Fame material. The base of
j the monument is 11 feet by 6 feet i inches
j square. It stands inclosed by an iron rall
j ing and coping, which covers 50 feet by
25 feet square. In all the weight Is about
thirty tons and was brought down to Apia
in her Majesty's ship Pylades and was
erected by the men of this ship under
J the direction of Captain Tupper.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VAL,LEJO, Sept. 13.— News of the en
gagement of Miss Eleanor Morrow,
daughter of United States Judge W.
W. Morrow, and lieutenant Harry
Roosevelt of the Marine Corps, has
leaked out, despite strenuous efforts to
keep it secret. The first intimation of the
engagement was whispered about at a re
ception given on board the United States
cruiser Philadelphia last week, and al
though many had surmised the existence
of an affair between the young people It
was not positively known till then.
Mr. Roosevelt As a young and popular
marine officer anu has for some time been
stationed at the Mare Island barracks.
He Is a cousin of Governor "Teddy"'
Sacramento Merchant Tells of Hi 3
Treatment by the Highwayman
in Nebraska.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER, Sept. 13.-J. B. Wilson, a
wealthy dry goods merchant of Sacra
mento, Cal., was the first man robbed in
the Chicago sleeper Clive by a masked
highwayman near HaJeler, Nebr., Wed
nesday morning. From Mr. Wilson the
hold-up secured a three-carat diamond
pin, worth at least $250; a pair of diamond
cuffbuttons and $20 in cash. Said Mr.
Wilson:
••I was aroused by screams, pulled the
curtains of my berth apart and looked
back. The sight that greeted me fairly
froze my blood. I saw the brakeman ad
vancing up the aisle with a lantern' held
high in the air. ! Behind him- was a man
covered with a black mask. I crowded
(back in my berth, thinking that I could
hide myself until he had passed, then
spring upon -him and throw him to the
floor. He was Just about to pass my berth
when he caught sight of my feet, which I
could not quite draw out of sight. He
turned, pointed his gun toward me and
said, 'Get out of bed. you fellow.' I
rolled from one side of the bed to the
other and yelled lustily, thinking I might
put people ahead of mo on their guard. I
thought that if any one was armed he
might take a shot at him while I was at
tracting his attention. The robber turned
half around and said to the brakeman:
'I hate like — --to kill anybody, but if
that don't roll out of there
and do as I tell him 1 will shoot him as
sure as .'
"I piled out. I wore a $150 solitaire dia
mond. The band of the ring was very
thin, so I turned the stone in between my
fingers and' he did not see it. On my mid
dle finger was a plain gold band bearing
a Masonic inscription. 1 handed him the
ring, saying that it was a present from
my mother. He read the inscription, then
he handed the ring back."
MORE TROUBLE OVER
CANADIAN BOUNDARY
Many Miners Now Fear That Their
Claims Are Located in British •
Territory.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Sept. : Z.— Many of the miners
of the Mount Baker mining district of
Washington are disturbed over the possi
ble shifting of their properties to the
Canadian side. American prospectors
'have located some of the most promising
properties In the district, supposing them
to be on the American side of the boun
dary line. The Canadian Government now
claims that the properties are on their
side of the line and are having a survey
made to determine the exact location of
the line.
The prospectors, not knowing for a cer
tainty on which side of the line their claims
lay, are locating them under the laws of
both countries. They were guided in mak
ing their original locations by a wooden
post which bore every indication of being
a boundary post. The Canadians claim
the line is about a mile farther south, and
If their survey sustains this contention
the United States Government will be
asked to make a survey.
The Department of the Interior is un
able to give any definite information In
response to the many inquiries received
on the matter for the reason that the re
port of the Boundary Commission making
the survey has not been found, and the
only record available is a map prepared
to accompany the report.'
From certain notes found, however. It
is believed that the monuments erected
by the commission were of iron and sMne,
which seems to indicate that the wooden
post referred to is not a boundary, post.
The loss to the, Americans, If It should be
proved th3t these mines are en the Cana
dian side, will be very large.
COPELAND ORDERED
TO AGNEWS ASYLUM
Stanford Student Who Attempted to
Set Fire to the University
Hopelessly Insane.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 13.— II. D. Copeland, a
student at Stanford University, was to
day committed to Agrnews asylum. He
was working his way through the uni
versity and overstudy and insufficient
nourishment, coupled with disappointment
in a love affair with a Stanford co-ed, the
doctors declare, are the causes of his
mental derangement. Copeland is a na
tive of Arkansas and 26 years of age. He
had been at the school about a year.
A. week ago the watchman found him
running around in the middle of the night
with a lighted candle In his hand. Since
his detention at the jail he has cut up all
kinds of caprices. The other night he dug
a hole^ through a brick wall .of '.hist- cell,
having scratched out the mortar with a
spoon. This morning he swapped every
stitch of clothing he had on with a hoy
prisoner two feet smaller in stature and
was togged out in . this abbreviated cos
tump when the jailer discovered him. His
Insanity is of a suicidal nature.
Freshmen Elect Officers.
STANFORD, Sept. 13.— The freshman
class met this afternoon and elected thf.
following officers : President, M. E. De
.witt; vice president, Miss J. L. Bean ; sec
retary. ¦.'VV.v'A: .Croasman; treasurer, F. S.
Holman; sergeant-at-arms, R. J. McFad
den. ¦ An 5 attempt was made -by the
sophomores to break up the meeting:, but
they were quieted - down by Professor
Bremmeriwho came to the rescue of the
freshmen and ordered all upper classmen
from the chapei. .. v :v .
WILSON'S EXPERIENCE
WITH A TRAIN-ROBBER
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON. Sept. 13.— "Who is the wo
man in the ea 3 e?" That is the question
now belns asked in the Mahony mys
tery. The news in the case to-day is in
regard to that letter. Sheriff Sibley tele
phoned from Tracy this morning in re
gard to it. The letter was received there
on September S.
On the 7th Mahony appeared at the
postofilce and asked the Postmaster if
there was any mall for him. There was
not. The Postmaster Identifies Mahony
by description as the deceased. The ail
dress of that letter Is in the handwriting
of a woman. It Is now in the hsoids of
the postal authorities.
The ofilccrs have received but little as
sistance from the family of the deceased
In thoir efforto to unravel the mystery.
The brother-in-law, Jlaass, who took the
remains back to San Francisco, promised
to write the District Attorney as to when
Mahony left San Francisco and such
other Information as might aid the offi
cers In their preliminary work. Up to
this evening not a line had been received.
"Who wrote the letter?" is now the
point of interest for the officers, and the
question will soon be answered. It is fur
ther hinted that they have struck a new
lead which may clear up the mystery.
The great sticking point against the mur
der theory is the total absence of motive,
but of course an investigation may bring
to liKht something of this nature.
Few Days.
the Matter Within a
Are Very Reticent, but Claim That
They May Be Able to Clear Up
DETECTIVES HAVE A NEW CLEW
Now Known Tliat He Had
Expected to Receive a
Letter at Tracy.
MYSTERIOUS
WOMAN IN THE
MAHONY CASE
THE RESTING PLACE OF MEN OF BRITISH AND AMERICAN NAVIES WHO FELL TOGETHER IN A 'SAVAGE
ATTACK.
4
MISS ELEANOR MORROW AND LIEl'TENANT HARRY ROOSEVELT
WHOSE ENGAGEMENT IS ANNOUNCED.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS.
Diseases and Weakness of Men
We cure Lost Manhood and weak-
ness which accompanies ir, also
Private Diseases, Varieocole.
Stricture, Blood Folson, Diseases
of the Kidneys. Bladder, eto.
Patients may pay when well or In
monthly installments. Home cures
a specialty. Private book free at
office or by mall. CorreFpondence
confidential.
HOURS— Dally. 8 to 5. Kveninir*.
7 to 8. Sundays. !> to 1L ELE-
VATOR ENTRANCE.
751 MARKET STREET,
¦ Oi San Francisco.
¦ , » —
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RKSTOIIATXVE. IXV1GOUA-
'tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic tor the Sexual Organs for both sezea.
The Mexican remedy for Diseases of th« Kid-
ney* and Wad*, r. Sells on its own merits.
NABEH. AJL.F3 it BBL'XE, Agent*.
t23 Market »t.. S. I". — (Send for Circular.)
BUT FAVORITE
IRESCEIPIIOM
H FOR WEAHi WOMEN .
Dr. Bennett's Electric Belt.
Makes weak men and women strong and stroc'
men and women stroncer. Rooms 5 and 6, g
Post at.. San Francisco Cat, I
DR. CROSSMAM'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cure of GONORRHOEA, GLEETS,
STRICTURES and analogous complaint* of Uu
; Organs of Generation.
' Pric* U' •> bottle. For a*!* tor dru«i«U.Voters, Attention!
Only twelve days more to register.
Closes September 25. Office open from S:30
a. m. to 10 p. m. •
NEW., YORK, Sept. ; 13.— Cornelius Van
derlip's Rainbow won. the : race for < the
Lipton cup, oft Sandy: Hook, to-day, by
three minutes. Mineola was, second. v ,
Wins Lipton Cup.
Altmeyer Charged With Burglary.
Henry Altmeyer, a dangerous - crook,
who was arrested last week and detained
in the tanks, was' booked at the- City
Prison yesterday on a charge of burglary
Detectives Harper and : Reynolds have ob
tained conclusive evidence that Altmeycr
broke into a house at 501 Post street about
two months ago and stole an overcoat and
a quantity of jewelry. ¦'
PARIS. Sept. 13.— The Americans made
a. much better showing at Vincennes to
<Jay in the bicycle finals for the exposition
Cracd Prix than 1 on the previous visit,
Caoprr paining second place In the pro
fr-s*iar.al and l^ake third In the amateur.
Tallander and tjanz. Frenchmen, secured
f;m and second places in the amateur
CODlCtti where the prizes were works o'
.irt worth respectively V/JQ. 600 and .iJO
¦francF. The distance in this race was 20OJ
in»t^rs and th«? time £:."*2. t
The professional race was interesting,
ss U resulted in the defeat of the French
rrack. Jacquf-lin. by U;e Dutch champion.
Mvwh, and Cooper; the Frenchman hav
ing to be coni'-nt with third place. The
tfistarce -was 2000 meterfe. Time, 2:32 2-5.
Th<* lirst prize wss 13.CX franca; the sec
end G003 fTCfics. and ihe third 3000.
Americans Do Better.
STANFORD, Sept. 13.— Stanford will
make the following entries for, the handi
cap field meet 'to be held at Tanforan.
September 29: B. Adams, "01. mile run;
C. Narramorc, *03. hurdles* and broad
jump; W. ' R. Hamilton, '02, half and mile
run; J. M, Beach, '<?i, pole vault; A. It.
Henley, "04, pole vault, high and broaci
jump; \V. II. Dole. 'CC, pole vault; A.! £>.
Holman, '04. quarter and half-mjle run;
A. E; Taylor, '04, hurdles; L. E. Hartcr,
'01. and A. B. Stewart, '01, sprints; E. W
Smith, '93, will- enter the mile run. rep
resenting the Olympic Club.
Stanford's Entries.
LONDON*, . Sept. 13. —Tod Sloan was
suspended to-day for the rest o£ the Don
caster meeting for crossing Kager, rid
den by Morny. Cannon, In the race for the
Portland plate.
Meeting.
Rest of the Doncaster
American Jockey Is Set Down for the
TOD SLOAN SUSPENDED
BY ENGLISH JUDGES
NEW YORK, Sept. 13.— John Stoval, for
merly well known, as a jockey, 'was killed
at the Gravesond ? racetrack this morning
while exercising/a horse, which fell and
rolled over him.' During the racing sea
son of 1S90 Stoval- .was ruled off the track
for • alleged: unfair- riding : at the Linden
(N. J.) track. His home was formerly at
Lexington, Ky. ; ;
Former Jockey Killed.
Pittsburgh Loses a Game to the
Philadelphia Nine.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
| Clubs— XV. i>. Pet..' Clubs— W. L. Pet
Brooklyn. ....69 ,44 .610 Boston ......55 69 4<»2
PlUsburg ...66 51 .564 St. Louis 53 60 .463
Philadelphia 57 ' 55 .503! Cincinnati ...52 63 .452
Chicago .....57 59 .49l| New York. ..48 67 .417
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 13.— Chesbro was
wild to-day and Philadelphia defeated Pittsburg
with comparative ease. In Ihe ninth I inning
the visitors had a batting rally, but it did not
continue Ions enoueh to be of any value. At
tendance, 2000. Score: -
Clubs— R. H. E.
Plttsbunr ...¦ 6 15 1
Philadelphia ' 11 16 o
Batteries — Chesbro and O'Connor; Fraser and
Douglass. Umpire— O'Day.
NEW YORK. Sept. 13.— A fumble by Doyle
in the first Inning to-day proved fatal to the
New Yorka.. It was responsible for at least
two runs.. Matthewson pitched a splendid
game and deserved to win. A base hit on sev
eral occasions would have won the game for
New York. ; The ChicaeoR will play off a post
poned same here ¦ to-morrow. Attendance 500.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 6' 6 3
New York ...., 5 ? 9 6
Batteries— Cunningham and Kltng; Matthew
son and *J3owerman. Umpire— Emslle.
BOSTON,, Sept. 13.— St. Louis won handily
to-day, batting Plttinirer cut of the box In the
fifth inning. Jones proved fairly effective
throughout the game.. A fine stop by Wallace
and Heldrlck's fielding were the feature. At
tendance. 1000. Score:
1 Clubs— R. H. v E.
Boston 4 9 4
St. Louis , 6 10 2
Bttteries— Pittlnger, Willis and Sullivan;
Jones and Buelow. Umpire — Hurst.
BROOKLYN, Sept. 13.— Brooklyn won both
games to-day. Attendance, 2400. Score, first
E";iJ7_P. ' *
Clubs— . R. H. E.
Cincinnati 2 10 9
Brooklyn 7 ,12 0
Batteries— Newton and Kahoe; Weyhlng and
McGulre. /Umpire— Snyder.
Score, second came:
Clubs— •., R. H. E.
Cincinnati 9 12 < (
Brooklyn 13 n ; .
Batteries— Scott and.Peltz; Kltson, McGlnnlty
and Farrell. Umpire— Snyder.
American Iieague Games.
CHICAGO, Sept. 13. -Chicago 1, Buffalo 5.
KANSAS CITY, Sept. 13.— Kansas City 13, De
troit 4. ' . ¦
" MIXXEAPOLIS. Sept. 13.— Minneapolis 3,
Cleveland 5.
CHESBRO IS WILD.
CHICAGO. Sept. 13.— Results at llar
lem:
Five furlong*— nuoliist won. Frldolln eecbnd,
Hemartdo third. Time. 1:00 2-5.
Six furlonsjs— Abe Furst won, Dolly 'Weithoff
Ec-cond Pcpe Loo third. Time. 1:13 3-5.
One mile and an eighth— Found wen. Hard
Knot *ee«in<i. The ttevll third. Time, U5S 3-3..
One in'le »nd twenty yard*— Van Hoorebeke
won Headwater pecond, Ohn»t third. Time,
l-«' ' • -
Kire furlonprs— P!tt:rian won. Moneymue* sec
ond. Tyr Ihlrrt. TIrrr 1:00 J-S.
One mile — Ccernocsle wen, Pre«t»r eecond,
Freyllrghuyscn third. Tlm>, 1:10 2-5.
j ST. LOUIS, Snpt. 13.— The big crowd
which journeyed to Klnloch Park this
afternoon witnessed several very spirited
; contests a.nd benefited financially, four
j favorites taking down purses. Dominick
was astride three winners. Track faat.
Summaries:
Seven lurlonss=. selling— Eight Bells won.
Miss Linah sscond, Hungarian third. Time,
1:2*4-
Fivp and a half furlongs, purse — Marcy won,
I Bonltary second. Mono? third. Time, l:09\j.
Six furlongs, selling— Small Jack won. Queer
Anne Kooad, Kate Freeman third. Time, 1:13.
; Peven furloiyrF — (ilmn Lake won, 1C1 Caney
second, -Peter I>jryea third. Time. 1:30^4.
j One mile and seventy yards, selling — Early
I Bird won, Joe Doughty second, Laureattc
! third. Time. l:4C*i.
I Six furlongs. Belling — Terralene won. Old For
I second, Mona B third. Time, l:15li.
i DETROIT. Sept. 13.— Three* of to-day's
winners at Windsor, Jack Adie, The Cov
enanter and Flag of Truce, were from
the McCarren stable, and all were ridden
by McQuade. Weather clear; track fast:
Six and a half furlong-*, selling— Brother Fi«d
v.-on. Onoto isecond, Charley Shane third. Time,
1:23 M.
Four and a half furlongs, eellingr — The Cove
nanter won, Emma C L. second, Virgie d'Or
third. Time, :£6i*.
Six furlongs, felling— Jack Adie won, Dous
tcrswivel second, Deacubridora third. Time,
1:14*.
Mile und a sixteenth, selling — Baffled won,
Karl Fonso second. Outburst third. Time,
Mile and an eighth, selling— Flaj? of Truce
von. Elizabeth second, Crossmollna third.
Time. 1:50.
Six furlongs, gelling— Io!a won. Lake Fonzo
second. Prince of India third. Time, 1:14*4. .
NEW YORK. Sept. 13.— A perfect fall
day and an attractive programme drew a
bis crowd to Gravesend to-day. Two :
stakes and a hurdle handicap were decid
ed, and the sport was interesting except
to those who intrustfl their money and
hopes to Spencer. He practically threw
away the Willow stakes on Noon Day, '
and only won the Speculation stakes. by
'a narrow marpin after a bad ride.
Potente, thf favorite for the Speculation
stakes, won by a hr-ad from Kinnlkinnic,
but had to be much the best horse, as
Sponcer rode a bad race. Turner had
another good day, riding three winners.
Summary:
Hurdle "handicap, mile and a half — Nuto won,
M&.zo second. Klondyke third. Time. 2:4S 1-5.
About seven furlonpy. selling— The Pride won,
Ralston pecond. Kitchener third. Time. 1:11 1-5. i
The Willow rtakep. five and a half furlongs —
Jp.nic* won. Noon Day second. Trigger third.
Time, 1:03 4-^.
Speculation FtaUes. mile and a sixteenth — Po
fnte won. Klnnikihnlc second, Peaceful third.
Time. 1:47 3-5. '
Five furlongrs — Gladerun won. Isia second,
Kr.ppanecker third. Time. 1:02 3-5.
Mile find seventy, yards — King Bramble, won,
Sadd'-icee secend. Time, 1:<C 3-3. Two starters.
NEW TORK, Sept. 13.— The attendance
was large on the fourth day of the grand
circuit meeting at the Empire City track.
In the free-for-all pace Anaconda sold for
H'XJ. Prince Alert $S5 and ?40 for Indiana-
The finish in the first heat was in douot
to the wl % , where Prince Alert won by a
no?e from Anaconda. In the second heat
Prince Alert broke badly. Anaconda win
ring-. He won the next heat also, and the
race. In a hair-raising finish.
The big event of the day was the mile
against time by the crack gelding. The
Abbott, to beat hia record of 2:04>i. He
went very slow to the quarter in :32% and
then went like lightning to the half Jn
l:02y,. He shot by the three-quarter pole
in , 1x32% and came home in 2:04. This
gives him the champion gelding record,
but still leaves him behind the world's
champion record, held by Alix, of 2:0a^.
Summary:
2:18 trot, purse $1200 — Lady Xorvett won the
third, fourth and fifth h*»ats in 2:15'.i, 2:15,
2:13 1 -. Maid Thnrne wen the second heat ;n
2:14. Martha won the first heat In 2:12'i
Leonard Eell. J. E. C. Ambo. Firft Love.
Lavereau, Rival and All Day a."5"> s'.arted.
2:13 pace, ;>urse 5120*)— Tom C_.'ioun won thy
Fecond, third and fourth heats in .2:1OV4, 2:10,
l":ll r -*. Ufvereas won the first h?at !n 2:11';.
Priru-e A. Fred W, Cuna und Lkliejaro also
Free-for-all pace, wagon race— Hontas Crook
won. Quadria second. Silver Maker third.
Time. 2:30.
Free-for-all pace, puree ?150»— Anaconda won
the f*»cond and third heats, each In 2:044.
l'r_ice Alert wen the first heat in 2:03'i. In
diana also started.
Hpeclal race to beat 2:04%— The Abbott. Time,
2:04.
Going a Mile in
-»
Sets the Mark for Geldings,
THE ABBOTT
MAKES A NEW
WORLD'S RECORD
a Hair-Raising
Race.
In the Free-for-All Pace Anaconda
Defeats Prince Alert After
The Xatlonal Club -managers and all
concerned with the fight fiasco of
Wednesday night were in evidence yester
day in the haunts frequented by the prize
fighters and tight promoters — all save
Jack Moffatt, who Is nursing his dislocat
ed shoulder at the McNutt Hospital.
.Tommy Ryan was only too happy this
time to put in an appearance. Al Neill
was equally jubilant. Sam Pooler, Mof
fatt's manager, was neither sad nor gay.
J. D. Glbbs was decidedly lugubrious of
countenance and most -chary with his
tongue. J. J. Groom looked Injured and
was anxious to explain, but the willing
ears wero few. The patrons of the sport
who couldn't stay away spent most of the
day in calling themselves names and
painting menial pictures of •"burned"
money.
When the story is all told it .will be a
tale of mingled joy and sorrow. Tommy
ltyan. with a bunch of notes in his hand
for services rendered, is more than satis
fied, and Al Nelil's happiness is unbound
ed. His portion — J1250 — lor less than three
rounds of righting, a gift by the club
managers because they were suddenly
confronted with ruin, was the easiest
earning: that ever came Neill's way. The
'real sufferer Is Moffatt, but he derives a
little comfort from the $1250 that waa his
share.
Gibbs and Groom did not float on top of
the puddle. The purse, $2500, and the ex
penses will reach a higher figure than the
proceeds of the tight. There were some
people in San Francisco who took the wise
chance that Ryan would not fight as ad
vertised by the club managers. It was due
to this exercise of wisdom that the Na
tional Club fooled fewer people than its
; members expected.
: No forfeit money was claimed yesterday
by any of the parties concerned. Ryan
threatened a suit against the National
Club for the $500 forfeit for not allowing
him to fight, so a compromise was struck,
¦ neither party claiming anything from the
other. Pooler waived his claim of forfeit
money to Ryan and Ryan returned the
compliment to Pooler.
Tommy Ryan says he thinks so much
of San l«"rancisco that he will remain here
for a year or two. Before he tries busi
ness again he will spend a few weeks at
some springs to regain his health. He is
most anxious to get another match. Mof
fatt will go to Chicago and rest for sev
eral montns.
In the excitement that came in the wake
of the three-round contest Pooler con
fessed to his agreement with Neill. that
the latter was not to be put out by Mof
fatt. Pooler now makea an amendment to
his original assertion. Instead of a prom
ise that me fight was -to go the full
twenty rounds Pooler has lopped off ten
of them. According to his afterthought,
Neill was only assured that Moffatt would
not force him into a ten-seconds lapse of
mind until ten rounds at least had ex
piied. Mr. Pooler shows signs of con
trition for having entered into this ne
farious bargain, and expresses heartfelt
regrets that he afterward exposed it. But
Pooler did not like the way Neill acted
when he rushed at Moffatt, helpless and
in great anguish, immediately alter the
accident.
The National Club has not yet an
nounced Its next fight.
Home Soon.
Will Return to His
esting.
I •
Syracuse Pugilist Will Remain Here
a Year, While Clever Chicagoan
Aftermath of Ryan-Moffatt-
Neill Fiasco Is Inter-
PUBLIC SHEDS
TEARS AND THE
FIGHTERS LAUGH
STEAMER BOSNIA THAT WILL CARRY HORSES TO CHINA FOR
THE GERMAN GOVEBNMEJJT.
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
Kaiser's Transport Bosnia
Makes Fast Run Around
the Horn.
Newport Still in Quarantine — Coni
manders of Sewall's Fleet En
joy a Banquet Given in
Their Honor.
The steamer Zealandia docked at Pa
cific street yesterday. She has been
placed in commission for the trip of the
Mystic Shriners to Ililo. The vessel is to
be placed in the very best of order for
the occasion. i j
Henry Peterson, the well-known oars
man, was made a Mystic Shriner Wednes- j
day night and all the boys were "joshing" !
him about "the length of the rope" and J
"cold feet" yesterday. Henry will go to I
Hilo and the volcano with the other I
Shriners next month.
The whaling steamer Balaena is re
ported with twenty-live whales.- She was
last heard from at Baily Island and all
the men were well.
John Monahan, a teamster, had a nar
row escape from death yesterday. He
was trying to load his wagon from the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company's bunk
ers at Beale street, when through some
mishap the chute refused to work and
several tons of coal shot down on the un
fortunate teamster. He was taken to the
Harbor Hospital, where it was found that
a Blight concussion of the brain and aj
few scratches were all that went to show I
that he had ever been in an accident. I
Water Front Notes.
One of the most enjoyable little dinners
of the season was held at . Marchand's
last evening. The guests of honor were
Captain Graham of the four-masted bark
Erskine M. Phelps, Captain Sewall of the
four-masted bark Edwfird Sewall. Cap
tain Amesbury of the Roanoke, the larg
est wooden ship afloat, and Captain Good
win of the Dirigo, the first steel sailing
ship built in America, while the host was
A. Chesebrough of the well-known firm of
AVllliams. Dimond & Co. . ,
The firm handles all of the Sewall fleet
and the fact that all these ships from the
famous yards at Bath. .Me... were in port
decided Mr. Chesebrough upon having a
little reunion. The result was the gath
ering at Marchand's. It will be remem
bered for many a day j by all who took
part In it.
Ship Captains Banqueted.
The chances seem to bo against the
Newport getting out of quarantine for
some days to come. She got in he.re from
Panama and way ports on the 7th inst.
with a case of smallpox aboard. Yester
day she was to.be released, but one of the
pantrymen developed a case of fever and
the Quarantine officer detained the ship
in consequence. Until it is proven that
the steward's deputy has not the dread
disease the Newport will have to remain
in quarantine.
The big freight i steamer Algoa from
China via Hawaii was also in quarantine.
She will be released, novever, and dock
early this morning.
Still in Quarantine.
Another German transport, the Bosnia:
made port yesterday. AVhen the war was
on in China she was ordered here in a
hurry from Philadelphia and made the
run around the Horn In forty-seven days,
being only one day behind the record
made by the Alameda over fifteen years
ago.
The Bosnia belongs to the Hamburg-
American line and was loading at Phila
delphia for Europe when the news came
that China was in a state of Insurrection.
The German Emperor wanted horses and
he also wanted ships to carry them to the
scene of war. The horses he secured In
California and the ships were hurried here
from all parts of the world. The Alesia
came from Kobe, the Samoa from Mojie,
the Nurnberg from Kaiochau, and now
comes the Bosnia from Philadelphia. The
time made by all the vessels is remark
able when it is considered that all of them
are freight carriers. The Nurnberg came
from China in eighteen duys, the Samoa
from a remote port in Japan in twenty
days, the Alesla from Kobe in eighteen
days, while the Bosnia came around the
Horn in nearly record time.. Ail the ves
sels will be fitted out by the Risdon Iron
"Works and will carry the Kaiser's horses
now awaiting shipment from this city.
The Bosnia was built in 1899 by me
Palmers Co. (Limited) of Newcastle, Eng
land. She is 7-140 tons gross burden, 485
feet long, 57 feet beam and 32 feet 7 Inches
deep. In order to give these vessels all
the facilities possible the Collector and
Surveyor of the Port had a conference
yesterday with the Inspectors of Hulls
and Boilers. It was originally the inten
tion to pass these vessels without inspec
tion, but the Inspectors objected, as Uncle
Sam's vessels have all to pass before they
can leave for the Philippines. The matter
was referred to Washington, however,
and the chances are that the Alesia, Bos
nia, Nurnberg and Samoa will get away
from here on "rush orders." •
and the Sport Is tbe Best
of the Season.
Governor's Day Dra^rs an Immense
Crowd to Agricultural P?.rk
Dione, After Making a Good
Showing, Is Beaten by
Phoebe Chiiders.
DOWNFALL OF
THE FAVORITE AT
SACRAMENTO
SACRAMEXTO. Sept. 13.— Governor's
<iay drew an immense throng to Agricul
tural Park to-day. His excellency Henry
T. Gage and staff, the latter in full uni
form, viewed the sport, which was by la:
the best of the meet, from the directors'
stand. The weather was balmy and warm
&r.d the spacious grandstand was crowd
ed with ladies and their «.-«-corts. The sen
sational feature of the lengthy card was
the CowcZall In the free-for-all trot of
r.atty and trim Dlone, 2:07*i. the over
whelming favorite. Oiarley Jeffries had
the daughter of Eros looking- at her best
end it was- supposed she would rub Dolly
Dillon ar.d Phoebe Childers, the only
other starters, off the board without ef
fort. In the early betting It was difficult
to get 4 for Deny and 3 for Phoebe
Chiiders against 2j tor the Spreekels
entry. Drawing the pole position, Dione
took the first heat in 2:1'.*^ like opening
a. clam, stepping to the half in I:u5*fc. The
second was a rej>etition of the lormer
heat, only thatitwas trotted slower, 2:12*4.
Then came the awakening for the short
enders. After leading Dolly I>Mon into
the stretch, I>ione btgan to wilt, losing
out to Dolly by a ie::gth la 2:12^. Not
withstanding the unexpected happening,
the friends of Dione kept her favorite at
tie rate of $30 io $ia over the other two.
In the fourth heat Dolly Dalon broke on
the back stretch. On the trip home Lap
ham came along with Pnoebe, simpiy
walking i.ast Dione. Jeffries rested nis
i:;a.re up to the rifi.ii heat to no avail, and
with Doliy cranky and uncertain Phoebe
Childers annexed two more heals and the
race.
Kelnsman Jeffries was much chagrined
ever the favorite's inexplicable slow
dov/n. as he supposed her capable of step
ping a phenomenally fast third heat.
Alter a tiresome gentlemen's road race
captured by Our Hoy, driven by E. J.
"vVe'don, had been decided. tn« running
events were coiled.
The Capital City stake, at one mile and
a fi:rlor.g. a handicap, valued at Ja30, fur
nished a highly i-xcitlng rinish oetwtten
the top weigmed favorite Formero pilot
ed by Ruiz, and El Mido, the former win
ning by a nose. Asian and Jennie Reid
alternated in making the pace to the
stretch. Below the furlont pole there
was considerable bumping. Formero com
ing through and In a iurious drive having
hi? number suspended, lil Mido made a
phenomena] run the last tnree furlongs,
coming from last position. Vincitor, riu
6or. by Hennessy, had a most stormy
i'ii^sage.
The Sunny Slope stake for fillies, worth
$¦330. over rive furlongs, was the other
stake attraction. Getting away in the
lead and nearly knocking Bavassa down
in doing so, Maresa wilh J. McDonald up
¦won all the way. Bavassa came fast the
last sixteenth, losing the place by a nar
row margin to Moonbright. The wimit r
ruled equal favorite with BavMsa and the
placed horse.
lr. a mile and a sixteenth selling run,
Alicia, a heavily played second choice.
bad her colors lowered In a hard drive by
lidg-nrdo. a G to 1 shot excellently ridden i
by Mrunce. Just before reaching the j
back i-rretch Torsida. the favorite, foil \
givinr Farrell a hard fall. He was se- i
verely bruised, but no bones were broken. !
V.'. L. StanflelcTs Toribio, an even
money chance in the books, made a romp
of the closing mile selling affair. Casdaie
was beaten for the place by Snips. Sum
mary:
TrcttUsgf free for all, mile heats, best three
la five, purse S1000:
Phoebe Childers. b. m. by sir
Roderick - Sl&rtha "Washington
¦IJTiham) 2 2 J 1 1 l
Dtoae. b. ra. by Er^s-Grax?e S
(Jeffrie*) 1 1 2 2 3 2
2*.i!y Dillon, Is. tn. by Sidney
Dillon-Dolly <Sar.<icrs)..: 2 3 13 2 2
Tin;e, 2:10*4. 2:12H, 2:!2Vi. 2:12*4, 2:14<i.
Oectlesien'fl r^nd race, mile htats, best three
lr. five; purse t2."C:
Our lk>>- <E. J. Weldon) 2 2 111
At«l;r.e U. Callendine) 112 2 4
Ifur.yon <L. S. I.'pson) 3 4 6 6 2
1'eo (F. K. Wright) 4 3 3 5 5
Pansy 4H. A. Be'.U 5 5 4 3 6
Baby Button « Homer Euckman) 6 6 5 4 3
Time. 2:lS l i. 2:20. 2:lS'.i, 2:23^i, 2:23.
Mi> and a sixteenth, selling, purse $;."0:
E'.ra»wx! Farm'H br. g. Edsardo, 10U, by
T:s,»»r-L.ucinda Lamir.Tnoor (Mounce), 6 to
1 1
P. Moore's rh. m. Alicia. 104 <Butler). even.. 2
J. J. Moran'f b. g. Grand Sachem, 110
<Thcrr.a«), C to 1 3
Time, 1:4SH-
Ter.rioa Off!) 33 to 1. None Such (105) 10 to 1.
Crady (iOT) IS to 1 and "Torsida (112) S to 10
a!*o ran. 'Fell. ,
Capital City etaJce, mile and an eighth, value
\\. B. Sir.k Jr.'s ch. h. Formpro, 12f*, by
Por.voth -Formosa (Ralz), 5 to 5 a... 1
Eud IXjble & Co.'e b. g. Kl Mido. 110 (Mounce).
6 to 1 2
A. J. BteiuJer & Co.'s b. c Lou Rey, 95
(Stuart). 6 to 1 3
Time. l:54Vi.
Morinel (112) 4 to 1, Asian <100) 20 to 1, Vinci
tor <I12) S to 2. Jennie Held <1W) 6 to 1 and
Herculean ail) 9 to 2 &I?o ran.
The Sunny S!oj>e stake, for two-year-old fil
lies five furlongs, purse KS'J.
J H Ixiian'e ch. f.. Marwa. 103. by True
I5nton-Mayett<? 2 to 1 1
J Weber's b, t., Moor.brlght, 110 (Ruiz), 2
to 1 • 2
G. Summer'* b. f., Uavassa, 110 (Mounce), 2
to 1 3
Time— 1:01
All Silk (100) 15 to 1. E'.nic (110) 7 to 2 an<i j
EpaJn War (25) C to 1 also ran.
Ane miJe. jte'Ilnr. Puree t"00.
T.*. I-. Stanaelde ch. g.. Torifclo. 10T, by
(Stuart). «-ven 1
X. S. Gibson's b. m., Sr.iDs, 104 (Butler), 3
¦\Y. M. ilurr>-"e br. S-. Cafdaie, 5<S (Mounce)
6 to 1 3 i
Time— l:41U-
Ericr Hill HOT) 20 to 1, Sunello (100) 5 to 1. |
Petal <K) 20 to J, Sea Sj>ray <l.-4) 19 to 1 ana
Ttcy del San Juan (101) 20 to 1 also ran.
Entries for Friday.
Following are ihe entries for to-mor
row's races:
i"!:it me* trottirK. KJile h«-ats. three in five —
Tlultili iio. The Korean, D.-rmar.
Second ra«:P. jincirit. Ir-1 class*, mile heats,
three in live— CIccn, X L 15. Fr^Jn-ricksburg,
ZaJocii. • " •-,•/ -
Trin! ra/?e runrcinr. *!% furlong*, two-year
oi<;s selUne— Loyal P »9^>- Bill Young flCiO).
Ivx-ation t'M» OiCTorc UO",). SriTeen-nell Lake
Fourth race, six furlor.ps. three-year-olds anJ
upward. *-«•!!! n^—Phlecon «I)5). LuUeetar <112),
AJnjoiicT <n;>. IJarry U^.ynn Oil), Axara <'112>,
]/l«rlaa <^Ci). Calone <!'JS>. Fiat Shot <iO5).
l-'ittrt race, seven furlongs, three-year-olds ana
ui *;ird »elltnr— Batbc* <jc;). Caesar Young
O«). I'.edwald <1"T> Slerr- Hoy (111). Dolore
tI12>. l«« ; ncmo (K*>. MrFar'.ane (1J3).
Hixih rate, pix rnricnc>. thra»*-year-oli3s and
upwarO, — Miss Vera (lib). Formatus
(1C». Alby 1>?ixl Ml^), T;cv;itha:i O10). Hlrjtn
Jchnfon OOS), Rwlft«r«ter <K3j. NJhau <1C3).
Frank XFooAtt mu> J. Ji. t=hro;>shire (130), Onyx
• Ilij). John »<^c«' 'UOi. ¦ VislUnt (110), lied
tllOJ, Gr*y Hob rll.ij.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BY FRED E MULHOLLf?ND.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi,FtlIDAY, SEPTEMBER 14. 1900.
2:04
5
; T^^ V EMTOBTCTBI^ | THE EMPORrCTM. | ' THE E2HPOBXTJM.
* M lfT fi U ? G R ay t m ° nd > ihg ?£ €mFamw . «=m-w»k_^«*. ¦ r- . « B The most of the goods quoted %
g era ed lady cornetist, will appear at ihe T^SflK S A M it J 7 ¦ n i \
K concert to-morrow (Saturday) evming. BigE S-ff"* ? «%ii||®B 0610® Were DOUVflt Lit a $
* : fmtol 1 he % ns at^' , Th! J ' am Z i^^i^n«Ctla aM^I. i^l fraction of their real worth. J
| grffi^//g 1ST". conducud — "r" 3^^" 3 Our gain is your gain _ jj
I $1.QO and $1.25 Rih- Dress Goods Remn'ts *
H '. BfrnmCS __Z^_ni Another preat clean-up of Remnants, Tilack and Colored, bar- *~
£ BSMJBM& BY&ijrm gain* that ara bargaina, remianta of Plain Colored Goods, J-j
V This is the best ribbon offer ever made by the bi? Cloths Ser*e=., Venetians, etc.. Plaids and Homespuns, rem- .^
g .lore. Proves ribbon events have • attracted \
* thousands of customers, and purchasers have daccd pricas _. OilQ-ttUarter off *
xf been well satisfied,. but the bargains didn't com- _^_ JJ
_i pare with these. /fT^v _--.-, : - - ?
*£ 1000 yard? of high-c'ass fancy ribbon, superb qnalitv and stylish. I-~\ '^ ' *#**ff OrGiM S
_^> 5 an 1 ! 6 inches wide; Roman fincy ribbon ¦» in a fall assortment A»i*'&*"'*^ ffujfjimiinnj tmmmjs "2
__> of rich coorine:^ f,r milinery and neckwsar. ?1.00 «..« ' S2fflW\£X VnaernSUSMMMMSm -^
£ and $1.25 va ms, to-day, whiie quantity lajts, per yd *r&G miwS"^^ t * . , . , »r- ,. •»¦_
¦E-q-a-.-j,, c a • t. '« , ... A "v« t .n \ .- J&W tyr\ Iafanta* Nainsook Nightgowns, with \
5 Jl " w v * Ch « fi , S no k 3 - 0^ e-faced liberty satin fffi&j&g} yoke of fia» tneks and embroidary S
| wh^S^lSts^?y*l.f:!:.™^.:^:4?C (P((m [n-tion, and ed^s; price re g a- J
¦ I ' er J firu ;y N M -A larly always 7oc— to-day ape- *»/« -f
I Boys' $3 Suits, §1.79, \ \ if |\\; ' dalat 5Oc i
I? TV/ A TWO- Day Sate Of These ¦" ! fi '\ Children's Maslin. Nightuowns— sizes up £
r. vfW>i •- *.£ -m €* s k < ' t' U \ £ \li\\ t0 a " e 6 J roa1e of heavy Scotch mns- J*
*^ /W\ FrisSa y anti Saturday. >, h ,,, \ v || li n with embroidery ed ? e on collar and j
£ / J r'lVwa saved i bout ha f when buying (hia lot of I 4 II m\ /*?» caffs; regular price always oir^
2" i-\\ V '?l Boys' Two P.eco Suits— yon will make a simi- %L^X_J^d^ 4oc— special to-day at -COG *
K \jl j ¦ W la: saving if you buy. to-day or Satur ay— Second Floor. j
* • i i* "1 'here are on'y about 100 of tham. Taey con- _ ~~ "" — Jl
K tiyciagigr si3t of Doub e-Breasted Coats and Enee Pants CaStilC SOSSt3 SalC. m
i .-WW maryotthe pants tm double lots »d °"i iffi'Z \ lh*°* ?"' •'¦" oU .o»n .trietly i
* 1 1 I . kD.i-:h..lie» .r. for ,ot°,6 ».-so»fc' 6,V:" h^ h - 8 ! ad f- 'ft'*" 1 »»t."»e>«P Hat sells ripxlulr «
! I Jl, . 7*^"^° :i" $i. 73 ajjU^^g^^&asa me I
_t <^^^>' Second Aisle— Right of Entrance. " "*_, : ' ." ZL S
I *>* ''_€ -^ "IT . Gas Lamps Complete, 49c. *
»* SfeSS &W©B*Q@*%t *S2$I©M Wecooldon.y secure 3W of these from e=3i S
K \,r • v , * L j , , • v J . the makel> at a third le5S tha ° ipEfl 9
j fc^ We continue the sale of hundreds of men 3 hand onu overcoats regular price; they ara oar regular ' *l ¥
j * - at from a third to a half le^s than regular prices. 75 C incandescent lamps, complete 11 ; \
| x We bought the entire stock of several styles of overcoats from w i.h burner, chimaay. shade and the _3% «
| If a prominent New York manufacturer' at an immense redac- Emporium guaranteed mantle— yonra ,^!?ZOv5\§§^ 4
* tion from wholes i;e prices and now offer : to-day, whi!e quantity jm g% JJ
iX $15.00, $17.50 and $2 ).00 Blue and Black <&1j "8 03 £% lasts complete for *&SrG ttWt
j *: Kerseys, Meltons and ItDUgh Cheviots at.. «P* • * %*mM mantle guaranteed for in I© a
\ h -80.00 and j 35.01) B.ue. Black and Brtwa Kersey*, Ox- Z ,1 I * lta ™™ ee ? - Jor 3? |jgl \
| 5' ford, Vicunas and Black Thibets. the sama coat^ that vour dayS—mcase Of breakage TClll %
I*; tailor would charge $35.00 to $50.00 _P_0 _f? CX \ gwe a neroo one free of charge. $=%
)*v for, now on sale at Main Floor— Rear. " £% \
!g Cotton Drapery Half Price. fOc Cambric, 7±c Yard. s
I k T_-day ony, a special purchase o; ICOJ. yards of 36-inch cot- One of the b?gge?t values that our Domestic buyer procared {j
ft ton drapery in good patterns, just the quality to make com- this year-a nice, evenly threaded yard-wide white Cambric, S
£ forters and quilts; regular value 12Jo a yard, on -» for Skirts. Underwear, Chi'dren's Wear, Flouncing, etc • a £
g special sale at ...... »«? standard 10c quality. On special sale to-day only, _., "2
J» Curtain Department — Main Floor. \ ___ ___j v j vo j> _f|_» {
_^ P er yara _r 2v 5
ig 75c Toilet Sets, 59c. „ -~ „- „ _, Afcxm* i
\K We offer 20 dozen Lace Toi.et Sets with livings of pink, bine nleVif O£y/© £»£?•£? £7 Hat J_*MV/>£i_k '2
i ?, ir yellow, s Z3 2 >x54 inches, made of a pretty drawn-work fOf* $7 OO '^^fl^£
! _; material and ruffli edge, reguar 75c; the very spe- _. -* * * t
! V cial price to-day only &GJ& Fine, ready-to-wear hat. made of braid and j^^SSgf '<%
| *t z i e "' w^^ ar 8 e t-ffeta bow and orna- v.Uff*' **,t3r &
j h FrttSay Offer iBitSS mental globe pin; very handsome and a <s£ "%* W ji
i» /?»«. *•«,*-»««,; _^. **~r3 B ;<»!«»« becoming style for most ladies; regularly *Mv^lMl %
Zxrocerses ana Liquors, $9.00- special, to-d ay on' y __,_ nn^#g££h^ :5
ft Wash.ng Powder— Babbitt's "1776," special for to-day _ tipY.UU "^^V\^^^
5> on y, lo packages for 25o - >T-» |,^>' «|
S . i%iZ-.~^^^SiMM^^ Sate of Kodak Albums. \
6 Boneless Sardines— Finest imported, Pananros brand, At to-day's remarkably low price? it is cheaper to buy aa Album «
j_? large size, £<, to day only, per tin /_?_• than to buy mounts for your kodak pictures. A pretty \
Jf Red Salmon— Fancy new pack, special for to-day, l-;b cloth-bound album, for holding 200 pocket kodak _-»_ It
jK tins • IOC prints: regularlv $1.50 — to-day only, Friday 35C 5
|J»' . • »wiss Cheese— Finest imported, per 1b 27c A handsome cloth b>und album for hoMiu? Es," pictures Sjx3J "^
!** <@ ; Koast Beef— Libby, McNeil & Lioby's, l-lo tias, inches; regular price $1.50 and $1.75— to-»!ay, __ H
I K . ¦ '.pVt to-day, 2 tins - 25j special 35C -2
! 2 1 KT Instantaneous Lemonade— Eiffal Tower, 1 *2
\'K /ffiF^s .- package makes a qaart of deliciom lemonade; Ooc Q^AtTA Tnae/awe 17*i, 'S
I **' &Sm ¦ regularly 5c package, special to-day 3 pkgs ...So **«» S O VG . I OBStG^S, M 7C. Jl
i *° WuwK Cream Pure Rye Whiskey-Pare goods^ a For ga3 , gasoline and bine flame ' Ifej. ¦ ¦ - ¦" jj
i t tSBu faTOnie bra « ' fU^ qUa n 3 ' oa] 7;;~83c o jf stoves-fiae for breakfast .
I ESI!* 1 Henne » 8^ Brandy-Genuine 3 star/ on spe- foods> toa3t and griddIe cike3> X^ 3^ .J
5| A^^-«- cial sale to-day, per battle..... $1.49 has patent, removable bottom N^U --r^V t
* Iwteglj Claret-Our popular 4jc quality, to-diy, per gai- so that top part can be used X *~- ' ZJZZT - 11
J» ' ' 0D "23o for broi>er; regularly 25c _, ._ 2
_? Main Floor— Rear. each — on sale Friday '. MaC 3l
I w '^ gnarantee
J*£$«xifl.'y$b t that my Rhtfumatism
/^S^BK^^S»i Cure will relieve lum-
j3§F a S°« scintica and all
jtajH rheumatic pains iu
'*-^i*fr'%sr wo or ree hours,
V$ <- SS^t^^5^ and cure in a few
\_^_jj^/ ay " MUNYON.
yJNS^^SSL At all druggists,
' m^PJa^5^n^!is. 25c - a Tial - Guide
to Health and medl-
- 'I J , |*^ cbI advice free.
I fe . » 1505 Arch st.. Phila.
YOUNG MENIv^T
Vou don't need bo around _r^
with dark rinea under_^ A. V^V^ _^
your eyes, no energy./ f
no snap about J'ou .X. %«JV^ _r,-
(f you puffer _r^ _r YoTJ
from Nerve _^#^^V _^ J?
X SC&£ y^aXX troubleawhlct
_^_«%^^^ -^unnt you to maxry
//•^V / by consulting us.
X_\_W -^Thousands of men
f C_^^^ f cure d at home. Call or
DR. COOPER & CO.,
\^ SIS KEARNT ST.. S. F.. ; Cal.
A visit OR- JORDAN'S great A
OF ANATOMYf
0 __d 1051 yASKET S1 - tfl *- 6A*7ti. 5.f .Cll. A
\ ' J 1 The Lartjest Anatotnleal Mtueum in the \
A > __Jr . V/orld. Weikne'f<>» cr any contracted Q
V i!*fe sSu disease positively cured by the oldest jf
© Ig gl bpicJllistCBt.V Coast. £st.367aax». $
£ flSWfl m. JORDAN-PRIVATE D!S£ASE&>
\ p^rS^M Co.isiltati.in fr;i ind stri'tly private. \
a H JS*wTw *^ r * " lnent - pe'sonally or by letter. A (B
\H if Si fi Pa *- Uvt Curaln every case imdertaien. \
SF I Wit- w «te for Dook. FIIILOSUrilYcti
Jk Jl 71, valuable boo!s fcr r.im) A
7 Sin. 'JUSDAK ACO.. 1051 Market St., S. F. f
_^_»^ VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY for MLN
•-'-f^m'^ MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
_^,\*J^f'*KOTL years by the leaders o! the
EMt^A^TAv^Ji Mormon Church and their fol-
HBvSS^'MK* lowers. Positively cured thf>
I5V?wV* "twf' wor£t cases in old nnj youn^
BB^^Vj^Sr arlsln B from effects of self-
' : y&K&y]$f&6i '¦' abuse - disslpatlcn, excesses or
TOKwH" ctgarette-smoklng. Curea Lost
y!*£?.t£i>17 Manhood. Im:>otency. Lost
MC!3i«>*r; * ¦, ; Power, Night Losses, Insom-
nia, 'Pains In Hack. Kvll Desires', Lame Back,
Nervous Dtbllity. Headache, Unfitness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen. __»» Varlcocele or Con-
Btipati-jn.' Stops ne *3 EB rv-ous Twitching
of Eyelids. Effects f~f..J~Va r e Immediate.
Impart vleor. and»' fc '* ' *»potency .to- every
function. Don't cet despondent; a cure r Is at
hand. . Restoies . small, undeveloped organs.
Stimulates the brain and nerve centers; 50c a
box: 6 for $2 GO by mail. A" written guarantee to
cure or money refunded' with 6 boxe*. Circulars
free. Adrtress BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 49 Ellis
i>t.. San Francisco." Cal.. = GRANT DRUG CO.,
JS fcnd 40 Third st
D__>TTC'1JrT7Q FOR BARBERS. BAJC-
D_iU JDXlJt_W f " rs - bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyera.' flourmills, *; foundries, ; laundries, paper-
hangers, printers,* painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, i tar-roofers.» tanners, tailors, etc. ¦
¦•¦•¦¦'¦• EUCoA>AN BROS..;
Brush Manufacturers/609 Sacramento St.
PALACE HOTEL
It Is universally acknowledged that tbes<*
hotels possess the attributes that appeal .
to particular people— undoubted luxury and
comfort, unsurpassed cuisine, and service
and superior appointments and location.
Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under one management on the
American and European plans.
GRAND HOTEL
Egy—^fc^iiw^jy -—
SS* hSh _a S3 Ks B***tt> niy
pj hi n epb KMv«9 "Urn Eb!Sh ra B ICXCn
o fi &¦ K^3 19 JL.
»'V fl n Ka B HSS9 H nB 0
' >J4., Vu<-^ff^£L-T^^m frliiTitT'niTi
__S5^w San Francisco, Aus. 26, 1300.
ESs^a To Whom It May Concern:
i I This is to certify that I havo
' 'fcCt g been suflerlne for several years
v\X 9 past from disordered stomach.
- K I liver and kidneys. In addition.
| -^SwRtav I became almost totally blind.
-r^K^SB^aW* ! was "nder the care of the
; Vyf*j/ti** M\^ most eminent oculists In thl»
WW'iMlM'F* city for about three years. I
was not benefited In the least by their treat-
ment. I have been under the treatment of Dr.
Wong Woo, "64-66 Clay street, for the past six
weeks, and though I am now 74 years of age mv
night has been restored through Ms treatment
of the stomach, and I feel as well as at any
time during tbe past ten years.
JOS. E. W ATKINS.
ESS Third street. S. F.. Cal.
LADD'S GUN STORE,
Pi^sS**^^^*^ *- 1 Kearny street. S. F.. for
WJJ*'^^. Fishing Tackle and Sporting
¦*^ Goods. The largest stock on
the Patiflc Coast of every description. Send i
cents In postage stamps for the latest W-pa*»
Illustrated catalogue. No. 4.
IA/. X. HESS,
K0TARY PM-I3 AN3 ATTORNEY-AT-LAV.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claus Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone Brown 921. j
Residence. £21 California St.. below Powell. -
San Francisco. •
OCEAN TBAVEL.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILX,* LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan street, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong ¦with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of. sailing. -
SS. NIPPON MARU..
Saturday. September 22. 1900
SS. AMERICA MARU.. Wednesday. Oct. 17. 1900
SS. HONGKONG MARU Tues., Nov. 13. 1900
Via Honolulu.
• Round-trip tickets , at - reduced rates. For
''reisht pml passage apply at company's office,
OKI Market street, corner of First.
W. H. AVERT. -Oeneral Agent. .
OCEANIC S. S. CO — HOXOLULU, APIA
AUCKLAND AH IJ , SYDNEY.
S. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only).;
..................Wednesday. Sept. 19, 2 p. m.
S. S. MOANA (via Honolulu) to Ne-w Zea-
land and Australia .Wed., Oct. 3. 8 p. m.
J. 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts., 643 Market St j
{ Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freiqht OlBee, 327 Market Str
CCEAN TBAVEL
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
»w wharf. Pan Francisco:
rcS?2**w Fcr Alaskan Torts— It a.
lSM^V>_-_ m> 13. IS. 23. 2<*.
iar»v^'5> C>ct - 3 - L'hanCT t>> company's
fim Pga la|y9 stoamer- at Pf>atti<\
RSSSr^O-JJij For Victoria. Vancouvo-
i5J_S^J5a*( (If. C>. Port Towiwnd, Se-
nttle. Taroma. Everett. Arsa-
B^^ orrtes and Sew 'Whatcoin
I* <« •* M ("Wash.). 11 a. m.. September
13. IS. 23. 2S. Oct. 3. and every fifth day
thereafter. Change at Seattl- to this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska nrnl G N R'y at
Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. R'y; at Vancouver
to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka, HumbcMt Eay— 5 p. m gen-
tember 13. 20. 25, 30. Oct. 5, and every fifth
dav thereafter.
For Pant* Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayn-
cos. Port Harford (San Lnls Obtspo). Gariota
Panta Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme. Ran Ped-V
East San Pedro (I»s Anjreles) and Xewrort— 9
a. m., September 12. IS. 20. 24. 2S. Oct. 2 and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Di»(to. stopptn* only at Port Har-
ford rSan Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles und Redondo (Lna Ansreles)— II
a. m.. September 14. 18. 22. 26. 30. Oct. 4 ud
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Maxdalena Bay. San Jose <»el
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosafi*
and Guajrmas (Mexico)— 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
F6r further information obtain company's
folders.
Tfce comrany reserves the rigrht to chanir»
steamers, saillnu dates and hours of satlin-
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE-4 Jfew Mont-ornery
street (Palace HoteO.
GOODALL, PERKIXS A CO.. Gen. Agents
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THF. o. R. & N. nn,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO '
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 A. Jl.
FAR? fL 2 / lrst Class including Berth
ff*nZ $a Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
COLUMBiA." »iailV.".'.'.".";.V."." r.'.Septl" 15 Se 23 * Oe't *5
Short line to Walla Walla, Ppoka'ne.' Butt-.
Helena and all points in the Xorthwest
Through tickets to all points East urluw « l -
E. C. WARD, General Arent.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO? """" "**
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
nt TORK. SOUTHAMPTON. L05D0S. ?AlTi
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a, m
|J- f» u ' Sept. 2«|St. Paul Oct*17
St. LctiIs Oct. 3 St. Louis.... Oct •»
Tork Oct. I&lNew York....::::obt Jl
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwero.
From Xew Tork Every Wednesday. 12 noon
Xoordland Sept. Ki Westerniand ....Oct 17
c ri ;l Iand w Oct ' SlKcmington Oct. M
Southwark Oct. 10. Xoordland Oct tt
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.. '
SO Montgomery Street.
COMPAStflB GENERALS TSAN3ATLA5TKJCS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARia -_^__
Sallln- every ThursJay. instead of^»»C?»S
Saturday, from November 2. 1SW. at
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street. LA LORRAINE. Sept. »• LA
CHAMPAGNE. Sept. 71; LA TOURAKtfE.'Oot
4; L'AQL'ITAINE. Oct. U. First class to
Havre. S52 50 and upward. Second class to
Havre. $Ti5 and upward: S per cent reduction,
on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES and CANADA. 32 Broadway
(Hudson bulMingr). New York. J. F. FL'GAZI
& CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
- FOB u/$. NAVY YARlT/S f VALuST
Steamer "Montlcello.**
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thum. and Sat. at 9:45
a m.. 3:13. 8:30 p. m. (e-x, Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. S
p. m- Landing and office. Mission-street Docli.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE ." • 50c •CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
; NEW YORK; Sept. 13.-Dr. C. F.' Brfg
ham;and;Eugene J. Bates of San Fran
cisco are at the Albtmarle. y '. . '
Bryaa will of course reply to McKinlcy's letter, but
H is safe to bet a big bonanza to a small banana that
be will not answer it
From thi* time on politics will be hotter and hotter
for the Bryariites. but on the 6th of November they
will ff« a good frost to cool them off. .
There may have been bigger celebrations than the
one u-e have just enjoyed, but it is doubtful if there
verc ever one where everybody, felt bigger.
'¦- This is a good day to register, if you have not done
so: and if you have, it is a good day for youto tell
your friends to register
•Maine and Vermont have declared for prosperity.
but of course Arkansas did the "other thing, and how
California has merely to decide which lead to follow.
Even the volcanoes of Mendocino. County seem to
be aware that a political campaign is in progress.
They have been throwing mud with dangerous energy
for several days.
It is reported from Paris that the exposition has be
gun to pay. so now the Parisians do not care very
much whether anything in the way of royalty /drops in
or not.
'^ASTERN papers are directing attention to the
fact that the announcement of the appearance
of bubonic plague in Glasgow has occasioned
no panic anywhere, not even in the British islands.
Considering how easily people are frightened in cases
of this kind/ the general indifference to the reports
from Glasgow is really a matter of some interest. It
marks a change in the temper of the public with re
spect to plague scares that is in the highest degree
gratifying. Even in the worst pestilences the scare
is more harmful than the pestilence itself and it will be
a benefit to civilization if such panics cease altogether.
If the subject be interesting in the East it is still
more interesting to Californians. for we have recently
had a plague scare, and the Glasgow case furnisher
us with a valuable object . lesson. The mere rumor
that bubonic plague had made its appearance in
Chinatown in this city caused a general quarantining
of the port and a spasmodic attempt at 'quarantining
the State. Why should there have been so much
flurry over the story of the plague here and no flurry
at all pver the definite and authoritative'announcement
that a considerable number of plague-stricken patients
have been found in Glasgow? .
The New York Times ventures the opinion that the
calmness and seeming indifference of the public to the
pestilence in the Scottish city is due to the 'fact that
so many sensationalevents are occurring elsewhere in
the worjd that the attention of the public is fully oc
cupied and the people have no time for discussing the
THE PLAGUE IN GLASGOW.
Thi 5 rs a mutable world, and life is an alternation of
light and shadow; so now. since we have had our
frolic, let us turn in and help the stricken people of
our sister State of Texas.
PERSONAL MENTION.
T. Ij. Reid of Reedley, a rancher, ls at
the Grand.
T. E. Gibbon, an electrical engineer, Is
stopping at the Palace.
¦ H. C. Booth, a Santa Barbara lawyer,
is registered at tho Grand.
Edward Eliot and .family of Pasadena
are, stopping at the Occidental.
Dr. James Arnelll and wife, from Ann
Arbor, Mich., are at the Grand.
A. B. Adams, a large rubber plant
grower of Mexico, is registered at the
Palace.
~A. A. Barber of Grand Rapids, Mich.,
and an extensive dealer in merchandise,
is at the Palace.
J. J. .Hutchinson, a Dawson miner, ls
just back from the gold fields and is stay
ing at the Palace.
John Ross, superintendent of the 'Wild
man-Mahoney mines at Sutter Creek, i&
stopping at the Lick.
"William A. Junker, manager of the
Hotel del Monte, is in the city for a few
days, being registered at the Palace.
Charles E. Ringling of Ringling Bros.'
Circus, got In last night from Chicago and
has taken apartments at the Occidental.
John A. White, a prominent London
(Eng.) merchant, came in on the steamer
last evening and is registered at the Pal
ace.
George E. Stickle, a prominent mer
chant and mining man at .Angels' Camp,
is in the city with headquarters at-the
Lick. ¦*$??.:,
Major C. L. Hodges of the United
States army, who' is en route for' the
Philippines, is registered at the Occi
dental.
Major W. B. Winn of the United States
army arrived In the city yesterday on his
way to Manila. He ls stopping at the
Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. Fane Sewell are back at
the Occidental after a pleasant trip co
British Columbia, where Mr. Sewell has
valuable business Interests.
Dr. Byrcn W. Haines of this city, who
has been in Paris and other European
cities for the last month, returned yester
day and ls'at the Occidental.
Ex-Secretary of. State Drury Melone,
who has been part of the sum
mer at his country place in Oak Knoll,
arrived in the '. city, last evening and Is
Stopping at the Palace.
C. C. I Martin i of Glen wood starts to-day
for ; his old "home ' In Washington, Me.,
after; an absence 'of : fifty years*. -.He re
turns with a comfortable accumulation of
funds obtained .by thrift and industry in
the Western States: ~ -
rOLLOWING the exposure made b>' the wife of
Jim Corbett and the wife of "Kid McCoy" of
the swindles practiced by that precious pair of
pugilists in working the public that delights in prize
fighting there comes in this city a iake that ended in
i- surprise party for lhe fakers. The dupes who
bought tickets to see a fight between Jack Moffart
;md Tommy Ryan did not see it, and the schemers
who arranged to substitute Al Ncill in Ryan's place
and hive him knocked about by Moffatt for the
amusement of the deceived ticket-holders were up
against hard luck, for Moffatt's shoulder got a wrench
that put him out of the fight, and Ncill, who had
been signed to serve as a chopping-block, had the un
expected glory of a victory-
The proverb says: 'Though you pound a fool in a
mortar, yet will not his folly depart from him." The
fcol that supports the prize ring of these days is
surely of that kind. Over and over and over within
a time comparatively short have the "sports" of this
cily been duped by fake, fights so raw. so crude and
to flagrantly fraudulent that no one could have any
pity for the gang thai was taken in by them. Since
the notorious trick by which Wyatt Earp
rigged up a scheme to give Sharkey a vic
tory over Fitzsimmons there have been repeated
frauds committed upon the ring patrons of San Fran
cisco, and yet, with the gullibility of true suckers, they
were as ready to pan with their money on the latest
f?.ke as on the first.
No one can have sny pity for the dupes of- such
carries, but at the fame time it is not right that the
fakers should be permitted to ply their fraudulent
trade in the city. The police, which of late has been
so zealous in fighting ngainst poolrooms and side en
trances to saloons, ought to exert some energy in an
effort to break up th ; s swindling pug business. It h.15
become as gross an evil as any other of the time, and
should be suppressed as promptly as the force of the
An easy remedy ?.gair;?t the wrong is available to
the municipal authorities. No permit for holding
"boxing matches" should be permitted to any except
clubs composed of responsible persons and known lo
l>e genuine athletic associations. Under proper control
r.n<i management such sports may be conducted fairlv,
but ?.t present there U seemingly a free license for
any sort of fakers to get a so-called ."club" organized
with a membership of two or three persons and then
j.lay the public for all il is worth.
When lhe Corbett-. \?cCoy fight toolc place 1 -The
Call published a dispatch from New York denouncing
the affair as a fake. Most people thought they were
seeing a pood fight, and cur contemporaries described
the fake as one of the best exhibitions ever seen. One
nr two of the expert fporting editors and authorities
on prize-fights went into raptures over it. Now comes
the testimony of Mr>. Corbett and Mrs. McCoy de
nouncing the whole thing ?s a fake.
How long the fools will go on putting'up hard
earned money for such fraud"? and making themselves
"dead easy" for the pugs and pug managers it is hard
to say. Certainly they will do so too long for pub
lic patience. Therefore it is high, time for police in
terference. No such combination as that which has
so often run a fake nt-ht in San Francisco should
<vct be granted a license for another exhibition of
THE FOOL AND THE FAKING PUGS.
PRESIDENT WHEELER in calling to order
the promotion committee of the Pacific Com
mercial Museum, yesterday emphasized the need
of establishing .the museum and getting to work at
ence. Chairman Scott of -the executive finance com
mittee, in reporting that a sufficient number of mem
bers have been enrolled to assure an income equal to
the demands of starting the museum, added his coun
sel to that of the president and urged that immediate
steps be taken toward effecting a permanent organi
zation.
The spirit of the meeting was in harmonv with the
desire of the president and chairman of the finance
committee. The whole discussion tended to action.
President Wheeler was authorized to appoint a com
mittee to nominate candidates for the board of gov
ernors and to call a meeting of the promotion com
mittee and all the subscribing members as soon as the
nominating committee is ready to report. Mr.
Wheeler stated that he would appoint to that com
mittee men who will set promptly, and that if. they
fail to do so he would nnd out the reason why.
Thus the men who have for so long a time been
working upon the enterprise are now ready to launch
it. The arguments fov immediate action are many.
Until the museum is in operation it will not be possi
ble to prove its full value to the commercial commit-;
jiity. It is well understood that in a general way it.
will be of advantage, but merchants and manufac
turers are not yet clear in what specific manner it will
be serviceable to their particular business. That can
be demonstrated only by the practical working of the
institution. Consequently hardly much more in the
way cf support can b« expected* until the museum is
established and has proven its worth by the' unmis
takable evidence of service rendered.
From what was accomplished at the meeting yester
day it is safe to say the inauguration of the museum
will tnke place in a comparatively short time. The en
terprise is in good shape and is moving rapidly for
ward. The Pacific Commercial Museum will soon be
an established institution of the city.
GETTING A MOVE ON.
The secreting of dead women in the side rooms of
saloons is. not likely to give any particular encour
rgement to the police tegulation which compels these
resorts to be closed.
Tacoma Ledger.
Down In California, where politic* Is
pure and nobody go«s into it except for
the purpose of keeping It on its lofty
moral plane, there Is rejoicing every time
an old Republican turns a flipflop and
Bhouts "Bryan" aa he turns. Among th«
latest to perform this gymnastic feat is
the president of the "Wells-Fargo Express
Company, J. J. Valentine, and among
those already wearing a Bryan brand
there is Jubilant ado. and Mr. Valentine
is not a sorehead, either. The location of
his pocket is the seat of his soreness.
When the levying of a war tax became
necessary the Wells-Fargo Company be
gan a campaign of evasion. It refused to
pay and ir wouldn't yield a cent except
to its lawyers. Beaten In the lower courts,
it appealed, and at last, at great expense,
wen a technical victory, but a popular
and continued disregard. Ever since tho
corporation has be«n certain that "im
perialism" is a sin, the President reach-
Ing for a crown and the Tagal a gentle
man and a brother. So much for a sample
flop. -"Were Mr. Valentine an office-seeker.
a professional spellbinder or any other o?
the small fry, even this sample would not
be worth citing.
VALENTIME'S FLOP.
BY the establishment of a college of commerce as
a branch of its educational work the University
of California set an example which has been
promptly followed. The New York Chamber of Com
merce is engaged in raising a fund for the endowment
of such a college at Columbia University, and it has
been .announced that the University of the City of
New York purposes to found another.
The fact that two such colleges are to be established
almost simultaneously in New York has naturally at
tracted the attention of the press, and the leading
papers are discussing with earnestness the new depart
ure in university life. It appears the two colleges are
to be widely dissimilar in the fcope of instruction and
the methods of giving it. The college at Columbia
will have a four-year course and will stand on a level
with the regular academic departments. The student
who enters will have to give his whole time and en
ergies to the studies just as if he had entered the
schools of law or medicine. The course at the Uni
versity of New York will be only two years and is to
be so arranged that young men engaged in business in
the city can attend it. • It is said most of the lectu-es
and classes will be at night, and it is expected that
leading business men will encourage their clerks to
take the course.
The discussion of the project of the University of
New York has brought out the curious statement that
the business of the city, and particularly that of banks
and insurance offices, is sadly hampered by the lack
of competent accountants. One authority is quoted as
saying that no other cause contributes more to failu-es
in New York than bad bookkeeping. By reason of
this need the State Board of Regents was authorized
in 1896 to issue certificates to such persons as passed
examinations proving their fitness for public account
ants. Out of that law there has arisen the profession
of accountants, and thai object of the college to be es
tablished by the University of the City of. New York
is to afford students a means of fitting themselves
for it.
Some of the comments of the press upon the move
ment are interesting. The New York Post says:
"Among educators generally the admission of what
seems to be a business college as a department of a
university will cause surprise if not disfavor. Training
not for business but for life has been the watchword
of our so-called liberal education. * * * It seems
unfortunate that the newly established school is to
grant a degree of B. C. S. (bachelor of commercial
science), which will invariably suffer in comparison
with traditional degrees." /
t The Tribune takes a brighter view of the subject.
It says: "Preparation of young men for commerce,
for. banking and for other branches of business is to be
effected under university supervision just the same as
preparation for the practice of law or medicine. Busi
ness is practically made a learned profession. Or per
haps it would be more correct to say is recognized as
such. * * * The problems and operations of finance
in banking, insurance, accounting and what not are
to-day as elaborate and require as skilled a talent as
the operations of pure mathematics in De Morgan's
time. The old-time business methods are as much
out of date and as inadequate to present*business
needs as are the cottage loom, the tallow candle and
the stage coach."
The two colleges, working together but along dif
ferent lines, in New York- will of course materially
aid one another in more ways than one. Their very
rivalry will be a helpful stimulus. Our College of
Commerce will therefore have to receive generous
aid from local business men if it is to keep up with the
competitors that have started upon its track. We have
set the good example and we must now try to keep
the pace.
HIGHER COMMERCIAL TRAINING.
Whether the issue upon the stump be imperialism,
trusts or silver, that '.vhich will be presented in the
home will be the issue of prosperity against hard
times.
sus taken last June is slow, and for that {
reason the results as to the population of
the principal cities of the United States
are only (given one or a few cities at a
time. The following figures show the dif
ference in the population in the cities
named, the first set giving the census of
1890 and the second that of the current
year: New York, 1.515.301—2,050,600 (the
great Increase is accounted for In that
slr.co 1S00 there was created what is now
known as Greater New York); Chicago,
I.OSO.SjO— 1.698.573 (the same reason applies
to Chicago as to New York); Philadelphia,
1.046.964— 1.293.fi!»7; St. Louis, 451. 770-575 .23S;
Boston. 44S.477— 5fiO,892; Baltimore. 434.439—
50S.957; Cleveland. 261,253—331,768; San Fran
cisco. 298.997— 312.7S2.
POPULATION-N. J. C, City. Thy
work of tabulating the figures of the cen-
BIG WIND IN IRELAND— O. L.. City.
A severe windstorm passed over Ireland
December 12, 1S22, but what ls known as
the "big wind in Ireland" was on the
night of January 6, 1839. On that night
there was an .awful hurricane on the west
coast of .England and Ireland. The storm
raged through Cheshire, Staffordshire and
"Warwickshire. Twenty persons were
killed in Liverpool by the falling 1 of build-
Ings and 10) were drowned In the neigh
borhood. The coasts and harbors were
covered with wrecks. In Limerick, Gal
way, Athlone and other counties more
than 200 houses were blown down and as
many more were burned, the wind spread
ing the fires. Dublin suffered very much.
London and its neighborhood sustained
scarcely any damage.
TRAVELING BY DAWK-Subscriber,
City. "Traveling by dawk" is a method
or traveling in India. It consists in post
ing by palanquin from station to station.
The traveler must first purchase a strong
palanquin. His clothes, with whatever
articles he may not immediately need, are
carried in tin boxes or wicker baskets
called pettarahs by separate bearers. At
the different stations, from nine to eleven
miles apart, there are relays of bearers,
previously provided by the postmaster,
the usual number for one palanquin being
eleven. All arrangements as to cost ar«
made with the postmaster of each presi
dency before Btartlng. but the traveler 13
expected to give the bearers at each sta
tion a gratuity consisting of about 25
cents among the entire set of bearers.
HONORS OF WAR-J. N. G., City.
When a besieged town has surrendered
and its garrison is permitted to march out
carrying their arms with them, with
drums beating and colors flying, they are
said to have capitulated with honors of
war. That is, they are understood not to
be conquered, but to be permitted to re
tire, with the privilege of continuing the
war elsewhere.
CREOLE— K. O. T. M.. City. Creole Is
from the Spanish "criollo," properly,
nursed, grown up— from criar, to breed. In
Louisiana. Spanish-America. West Indies
and Mauritius Creole denotes in Its widest
sense, any one born in the country, but of
a race not native to it. It is usually ap
plied, however, to persons born In the
colony or country, of pure European
blood, as distinguished from the offspring
of mixed blood. In Brazil it is applied to
a native, but of African parents.
n °r }£° if YtV , add to thls Iast one-half
of the height from the eaves to the top;
multiply length by breadth and the prod
ct .i >y i? e heI Sht. all expressed in feet:
divide this amount by 27 to find the cubic
yards, which multiply by the number of
pounds supposed to be in a cubic yard,
namely, in a stack of new hay, 132 pounds
avoirdupois; if old hay. 154 pounds. A
TO WEIGH A HAYSTACK— J. H. C.
Ta>s Gatos, Cal. To weigh a haystack
measure the length and breadth of the
stack; take the height from the ground
City. The height of mountains is deter
mined from the relative height of the
barometer. Ascending from the sea level
the air becomes lighter and the mercury
in the barometer falls. Civil engineers
knowing the height of the barometer at
sea level, also at the place, the height of
which they desire to determine, are able
to compute the elevation of the place.
HEIGHT OF JIOUNTAINS-M. A. S..
$5 gold piece coined after 1S34. One of
1S3G does not command a premium from
dealers. The dealers, however, offer to
sell coins of that date at from $7 50 to
$S 50. That will give you an idea of mar
ket price of the piece you have.
FIVE DOLLAR PIECES— J. F. T.,
Chlco. Cal. No premium is offered for a
TELEPHONES- O. L. A., City. The
longest distance that conversation has
been carried on by telephone is about 1600
miles. Talking between San Francisco
and Chicago has not yet been carried on.
The distance between the two cities is 235S
miles.
LIQUOR— S., City. In the internal
revenue law beer is classed as "fermented
liquor." "Spirituous liquor" is applied
to such liquors as are the result of dis
tillation after the fermentation of the
grain or fruit from which they are pro
duced.
SILVER AS LEGAL TENDER-R..
Vallombrosa. Cal. United States silver
dollars are legal tender in any amount
unless otherwise stated in the contract.
Fifty. 23 and 10 cent pieces are legal ten
der in any sum not exceeding $10. ¦
PITCH OF A ROOF— S., Oakland. Cal.
The pitch of a roof is the ratio of its
hdght divided by its span. A half pitch
roof is one whose height is half its span;
a quarter pitch roof, one whose height is
one-quarter its span.
STANDARD AND TRADE DOLLAR—
Subscriber, City. There was more silver
in a trade dollar than in a standard dol
lar. It was at a discount, because Con
gress, which has the power, did not de
clare it leEal tender.
COTTOX— Subscriber. City. There are
white and yellow nnd brown varieties of
cotton. The best cotton staples are nat
urally white, but there is a cheap yellow
and brown staple used for nankeen cloth.
NOT A NATIONAL. HOLIDAY—Sub
scriber, City. The first Monday in Sep
tember is not a national holiday in the
Lnlted States. There are no national
holidays.
REPORT NOT PUBLISHED-J. B. K..
City. There was not published a com
plete report of the expenses of the cele
bration alluded to in your communica
tion.
POLL TAX-Enq., City. The fact that
a man resident of California is an alien
and does not vote does not exempt him
from payment of poll or road tax.
IN THE PHILIPPINES— M. A. S., City.
The highest mountain in the Philippine
Ja£- * ls a volcano named Alpi. It is
10,61o feet high.
QUO VADIS-A., Stockton. Cal. "Quo
y, ad ! s /' , th e title of a novel by Henry
bicnklewlcz, means "whither goest thou.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
&4rc --3iiBl*g ¦ ClfolL
FRIDAY SEPTEMBER 14, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
kddras All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manage.
MAXACEK'S OFFICTB^^. . . . ..T^lgpho»e I^re«» 2Ojl
FCBLICATIOA' OFFICE. .Blnrket m»* Tfclrd. S. *¦.
Telephone Press 201.
EDIToniAL ROOMS.... 21T to 221 SteremiM St,
Telephone Frc*t SO2.
DcltTereA by Carrier*. 15 Cents Pep Week.
Single Cot>!e«, S Centa.
TVrmn br Mail. Incladlnnr Feitagei
OAIt-T CALL <»ndo«!nr Eujj<5«y). cne y»ar...*. W.M
I'A'.l-T CALL (Including Sunday). < months S.OO
DAILT CALL (lnc'.udiBt Sunday), S month* 1.H
DAILY CALL- By aingle Mcr.th «Se
SUNDAY CALL, Out- Year - 1.M
WEEKLY CALL Out Tear LM
All paitmaiten are authorized to recelr*
¦¦bacrlptlona.
Eai&pl* ocplaa will be forwarded when rvqoetted.
Sf&n •nbscrlben In oraerlng char.re of addi-en should b«
f articular to #lve both NEW AXD OLD ADDRESS In order
to icsure & prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAJOUAXD OFPICB 1X18 BroadiraT
GEORGE C KROGNESS,
Mtntger Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building, Chicago.
Ojosc Distant* Telephone "Central I61S-")
KEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Hertid Square
1CZTW YORK nEPRESETCTATTVTS:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK KEWS STANDS I
Waldorf-Astoria. Hotel; A. Brentano. 81 Unloi Sqoarvj
Hurray HOI Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STAXD8:
Cbensaa Booae; P. O. Ntn Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
fremcct Hccee; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel'
JMCRTQN E. CRANE. Correspandent.
imASCP OFFICES -f 27 Mcntrcmery. corner of Clay, open
utt'.l 9::o o'clock. 300 Hayes, cr-en until 9:30 o'clock. 6S3
McAllister, c^en until S:30 o'clock. «1S Larkin. open until
»:£0 o'clock. :9il Mission, open until 10 o'clock. I2C1 Market,
comer Fixteecth, open until 9 o'clock. 1C9€ Valencia, open
until S oV'.ock. :CC Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW cor- j
ner Twenty-second and Kentucky, cpen until 9 o'clock.
GOVERNOR GAGE has appointed a committee
to act for California in raising money and sup
plies for the stricken people of Texas. The
committee is composed of I. W. Hellman, William
Alvord, Robert J, Tobin, Claus Spreckcls, James L.
Flood, A. A. Watkins, Charles Nelson and F. \V.
Dohrmann. The committee is vested with power fo
appoint additional members and subordinate com
mittees throughout the State. Thus an official body
is constituted for effective action: It is a genuine
State committee not designed for self-advertising and
not seeking to make a profit for itself out of the lib
erality of California and the distress of Texas.
Every State in the Union has been prompt to re
spond to the appeal for aid that has come from the
storm-swept district along the Texas coast. Califor
nia has been among the first and most liberal in re
sponding. The contributions of the people of this
city already amount to many thousands, and in the
dispatches notifying the Texas authorities that the
money has been forwarded there have been added the
cheering words '"more to come." Let that "more"
be forthcoming speedily. The need ot assistance is
urgent and imperative and immediate. Reports from
Galveston are to the effect that thousands of men,
women and children who were hurt by the storm will
die unless aid be given at once. A day of delay may
mean death, while instant help may mean restoration
to health and strength.
The terrible disaster has afforded the American
people one more opportunity for a display of their
abounding liberality. On^the day after the effect of
the storm was made known upward of $100,000 com
ing from all parts of the country was telegraphed to
the Governor of Texas as a first installment of the
generosity of the people. It is a large sum, but far
from being sufficient for the needs of the sufferers.
The relief committee of Galveston telegraphs: "We
have 25.000 people to clothe and feed for many weeks
and to furnish with household goods. Most of these
are homeless." That is the .situation Texas has to
face with the help of the rest of the nation, and cer
tainly that help should be neither illiberal nor dilatory.
California and Texas have had close historical re
lations. When the Texans struck for independence
they began the fight which led to the annexation of
California to the Union. It has been a strange
fatality that on the very night when in this city Cali
fornia began with joy and with festal decoration to
cclebrate»the jubilee of her admission as a State the
storm descended upon Galveston and the Texas coast
and made a night and a day of such terror and de
struction as are almost unparalleled in history. From
our triumphant gladness we turn promptly to sympa
thize with their sorrow. Let every Californian in
proportion to his means give what he can. Let him
give it to-day, that the dying may have tender minis
trations and that those who are near to death may be
revived and cared for and saved.' ;
CALIFORNIA AND TEXAS.
THIS POSTAL CARD
plague sufficiently to get frightened over it. The
Times says: k;^V ¦ '
In the duller season, when the emotional section of the
press was on short rations as regards the only diet on
which it thrives, the outbreak at Glasgow would cer
tainly have been inflated into a peril of alarming propor
tions, and our health officials." instead of going
quietly about their business,; as now, would have been
forced to plve as much of their time to the allaying of
needless fears as to the providing of the necessary but
simple means of decreasing the likelihood of the disease's
introduction here and ot handling- and controlling it In
! the event a few cases do happen to be imported.
That there is something in that theory is not to be
doubted. When the report was sent out that bubonic
plague was in this city the New York Journal made a
sensational feature of it that was about the most
ghastly freak even that yellow paper ever produced.
Such publications excited the public mind and tended
to produce the scare that followed. Thus by con
trasting the temper in which the Glasgow cases have
been received with that in which the reports here
were taken throughout the country, we have a meas
ure by which to gauge some of the evil effects of yel
low journalism on the community.
There is, however, another point in the problem to
be noted. The Philadelphia Record attributes the
calmness of the public to the popular confidence in
the sanitary regulations at Glasgow and in the ef
ficiency of the work of the Board of Health. That is
an indirect condemnation of the Board of Health in
San FrancUco. It implies that Eastern people haa.no
confidence in our ability to clean Chinatown or to en
force health laws in that section of the city. In that
respect the East is not far wrong. Chinatown has
not been cleaned to ihis day. The ordinary sanitary
regulations of the city are not enforced there. The
owners of Chinatown property are not required to
obey the health laws and it is due to good fortune
more than to the Board of Health that we have no;
had pestilence among the Chinese.
San Francisco can thus learn two lessons from the
experience of Glasgow. The first is that yellow jour
nalism is dangerous and. the second is that an in
efficient Board of Health is of little value to a com
munity. We cannot suppress the freaks of the New
York Journal, but we might at least have a Board of
Health that would command the respect and con
fidence of the public.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CAUL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1900.
days and dropped safely into its owners
hands in LJshiore, New South Wales.
The postofflce stamps across its face tel
the story of its stoppages and travels. Its
first stop after leaving Lismore was Syd
ney, thence it crossed the Pacific to Sar
Francisco, where The Call mailed it tc
Philadelphia. From there it crossed th<
Atlantic to London, thence to Paris, tc
Lodi, to Melbourne, Australia, and sc
home to LJsmore.
THE above picture represents some
thing: very unique In its way. It
is the photograph of a postal card
that traveled around the world against
time. It stopped in eight cities on the
way and was remailed In each of them ac
cording to a plan laid down by the
original sender. The card, despite its de
lays caused by remailing, accomplished
the circuit of the globe in ninety-seven
6
PONT MISS THE GREAT COMiC SECTION.
Next
Sunday's
Call
Vrf*CL!JU - September \6, 1900.
From Pleasure Palace to
Need of a National Con-
By H- I- KOWALSl^Y.
~~~~ The King of Italy and His
. , Palace.
"VAIDA" =
Tb. Mo.t -Sw-otlooal Story of ¥fOm 0Id MCXICO.
• r . zz Daily Life of the Circus
Performer.
The Art of China Painting.
THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS THEM ALL.
HOTEL. DEL CORON*ADO—Special «umm»r
rates still in effect at this beautiful country
bomr, where summer and winter are one." At
4 New Montsomery street. Pan Franetwn. g»t
rates with special round-trip summer ticket.
The proud motto of the new newspaper
ought to be: "Bryan and as little work
as possible for anybody and everybody." —
New York Sun.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Slont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cal. place fruit 50c per n> at Townsend's *
The British Government has suppressed
the district messenger companies and
transferred the business done by them to
the postofflce. On the ground that tha
companies are encroaching on the prerog-
atives of the state, which claims a mo-
nopoly of tho conveyance of messages by
letter and by wire.
AUCTION SALES.
By Cofcn & Beaachaa.p— This day, at 11 o'clock. Furniture,
at SOS Hytfe street.
Occidental Horse Exchange— Tuesday Kvening, September IS,
It 7:30 o'clock. Horses, «t Tlljioward. street.
Alta Tfcpatfr, Cr»ve rtrwt— "•On the Trail."
rain' 8 Battte of Pan Juan, Folfam and Sixteenth streets.
Kurro Baths — Oi>en n!~hts.
Golden Gate Hall— Maria Kip Orphanage Reception, Batur-
Cay afternoon.
Tanf^ran Park— The Great Fair. September U to October 6.
Co!t!Tr.b!a — "The New Dominion."
Alhmrbra— "Phij> Ahoy."
Or^heum— Vaudertlle.
Grar.i Oecra-house — ""Quo VaiSlst."
TJvoll— ••Cavallf-rla Rusticana" an<l "I Paeliacct."
Alcazar— "'The Girl I Left BPhlnd Me."
Olyir.pia, corner MaF»n and Eddy streets— FperlaltlM.
Chute*, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville everj' afternoon an3
•venius.
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
....FOR....
SOUND MONEY and PROSPERITY!
OPENING MEETING
OF THE CAMPAIGN.
Under the Auspices of the
UNION LEAGUE CLUB
....AT THE....
MECHANICS' PAVILION
TO-NIGHT
(FRIDAY), SEPT; 14.
UNITED STATES SENATOR
Charles W. Fairbanks
OF" INDIANA
Bon, F. E. Holloway
WILL PRESENT THE ISSUES. "
Patriotic and Campaign Songs by the O1f«
Club.
Reserved Seata for Ladles and Escort*.
A. O. BOOTH.
President Union League Cluto.
Chairman Republican State Central Committee.If not, go at once to City Hall. Regis
tration closes September 26. .You cannot
vote unless you registered since January
1.1900... - •
Are You BegisteredP
Chung Glng, a Chinese. highbinder, was
convicted by Judge Fritz yesterday of
earning a -revolver and ordered to pay a
fine of $125. -with the alternative of 125
days in the County Jail.
Highbinder Heavily Fined.
McGrew Appointed Messsnger.
Port Collector Jackson yesterday ap
pointed H. G. McGrew from the eligible
list as messenger in the department of
First Deputy Collector Farley, in place
of Thomas Kerr.an.
Judge Conlan Tries Shoplifter.
Leonora Stewart, alias Ruby Smith, a
notorious pickpocket and shoplifter
charged vwtth."liftlntr" goods from the
Kmporiunv and Hale -Brothers last -Fri
day, pleaded guilty and was sentenced to
six months' imprisonment. She exonerated
Minnie Munson, alias Mary Edwards, who
was arrested: at the same time. ' She
claimed: the latter , was a member of. the
Salvation Army and in her endeavor' to
do good was compelled to associate with
such people as herself. The Judge took
Minnie's case under advisement.
The body which was picked up In the
bay Monday has been identified as that
of Bert D.'Weldon. a resident of East
Oakland, Weldon Jumped from the ferry
boat Bay City on August 20. He had been
suffering from disease for some time and
was despondent.
Body Identified.
The Original Little Louisiana Company
of fan Francisco. Drawing Septem
ber 8; 19OO.
No. 49695 wins $7500, Bold in San Francisco,
Cal.; No. 55562 wins $2000. sold in San Francisco.
Cal.; No. .29*75 wins $10tXi. »oH in San Fran
cisco, Cal.; No. 60992 wins tSOO. «old In San
Francisco, Cal. ; Nos.' .6.1876 and 7SS42 each wins
1250. sold In &an Francisco. Cal.; Nos. 6940,
13449, 43493, 74165 and $7936 each wins $100, sold
in San Francisco and San Dieco, Cal. .•
Mrs. Mary Walsh Accidentally Killed.
Mary Walsh, n widow. 69 years old. was
accidentally killed at 11 o'clock last Wed
nesday night In r>er residence at 132« Scott
street by falling downstairs. The old lady
had been subject to fainting spells, and
it v is supposed that she was seized with
one of these while turning out the hall
light at the hend of the stairs.
Her grown daughter. Miss Rose Walsh,
resided with her. 1 .
Officer McMurray of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children 1?
searching for Robert and Rose Strong of
23»A Folsom avenue. The mother has been
in an asylum, and since her release. It Is
said, she endeavored to have Strong's
mother placed in the same institution in
order that she might get possession of the
old woman's property. Failing in this,
the couple disappeared, leaving their five
small children in the keeping of the old
woman, ¦¦¦who Is past' 70 years of age.
Deserted Five Children.
The Advertiser's Hand-book just Issued
by the Mahin Advertising Company of
Chicago, it is safe to say. presents more
Information boiled down Into forty pages
than anything of the kind ever before
published. It contains a classified list of
all the important magazines and news
papers in the country, giving rates and
sworn statements of circulation. It also
gives tabulated statement of incomes
covering all classes, nnd another state
ment showing how this money is spent.
The Mahin Advertising Company is be
coming known as the^ "Follow-up"
Agency, because of the stress laid upon
the manner of handling inquiries, and its
remarkable growth, requiring In its sec
ond year 5600 square feet of floor space for
offices, would seem to Indicate that It Is
on the risht track. This company has
been unusually successful in creating new
business. which fact secures for it the co
operation of publishers — an exceedingly
important Item in an enterprise of this
kind, and one which has perhaps contrib
uted largely to the company's success.
At any rate, this agency has shown that
It knows how to push business for other
people by the manner In \vhlch It has
launched its own upon the public.
New Book on Advertising.
Professor Lockhardt's elephants are one
of the great features of the Ringllng
Bros.' circus, announced to *>how In San
Francisco for a week, beginning Septem
ber 19. These bulky animals are put
through a course of tricks truly amazing.
They play musical instruments, hoarsely
stnK. heavily dance, stand on their heads,
form pyramids— in fact, do pretty nearly
everything but thread a needle and read
Shakespeare. Professor Lockhardt has
settled once for all the claim made by
some animal students that the elephant
Is the most Intelligent of all the wild spe
cies.
There are twenty-five elephants in this
herd, making it the largest in captivity.
The quickness of their movements In spite
of their mountainous burden of flesh Is
quite as puzzling as the almost human na
ture of their performance. The Ring'ing
Bros, are justly proud of this item in their
list of circus values. In fact, the menag
erie part of the Rinsling- Brcs.' show is
proudly rate.d pbore all others bewuse of
the remarkably raie and fine collection
of wild beasts in this department of the
circus. The lions. Users, deer, camels,
bears, buffaloes, yaks. gnus, a giant hip
popotamus, a zebra, an ostrich, monkeys,
parrots, cockatoos, etc., justify this dis
tinction.
The horses are a phow in themselves on
account of their fln>> quality. s?ood keeping
and evident contentment. All lovers of
the animal kingdom, domestic or other
wise, will find plenty of enjoyment and in
struction in the menagerie tent of the
Ringling big shows.
Circus.
One of the Features of the Big Men
agerie of Ringling Brothers'
BIG ELEPHANTS THAT DO
EVERYTHING BUT TALK
Purpose.
St. Brigid's parisl? contemplates holding
a grand bazaar in the Mechanics' Pavilion
from October 6 to 20 for the purpose of
raising fund3 for building its new church.
When completed the edifice will be one of
the finest in the city. A meeting was held
yesterday In St. Brigld's Convent Half
and a large number of members of tho
church attended. Rev. John Cottle. pas
tor of the parish, outlined the work and
arrangements were definitely made for
holding the fair, which promises to sur
pass anything of its kind held in tltfs city
in years.
Each booth will be arranged within an
apartment of pretty architectural design
and artistic finish.
The refreshment bo<tth will have at It3
disposal a garden spof where amid palms,
ferns and flowers the" tables will be ar
ranged. Mrs. Frank Tlllman, Mrs. Georgo
Barron, Airs. II. A. Hornlein and assist
ants will preside over the booth.
A cattle with an arbor will be under the
direction of .Mrs. M. W". Shannon, Miaa
Alary McKew, Miss Aggie Gorevan and
aids.
An Alhambra and itikadn booth will be
attended by Mrs. Luke Robinson. Mrs.
Tiburcio Parrott, Mrs. J. N. Wilson, MLss
Louis? Gaillard and attendants.
A fortress will be ruled by the post
graduates of St. Brigid's Convent— Mls3
M. Convey, president; Airs. M. Desmond,
vice president; Mrs. F. Enri^ht, secre
tary; Mrs. M. Cooper, treasurer; Ml3s I*.
Iirurke. Miss M. Power. Mrs. K. (Jalvin,
Miss W. Power. Miss A. Convey. Mrs. J.
Kentzel, Mi.«s L. English, Mrs. J. Duffy.
Miss S. Healey, Mrs. McGurren, Mis3 D.
Jennlr.gs. Miss Toohey, Mlsa J. A. Smith.
Mips IL Kennedy, Miss T. Brown, assist
ants'.
The Palestine booth will be attended by
Mrs. M. Fhefl. Mrs. T. R. Turner, Miss T.
Brown, assistants.
The Arctic palace will be looked after
by Atrs. John Allen. Mrs. John Gilmartin.
Mrs. William J. Clasby.-Mrs. A. E. Hen
ricks and aids.
To "The Abbey" Mrs. J. F. Sullivan.
Mrs. J. Ivancovich. Mrs. P. J. Thomas,
Mrs. J. T. McCormick and Mrs. C. A.
Kennlff will devote their time.
The positions of the booths in the Pa
vilion will be selected by the ladies at a.
meeting to be railed by the pastor for the
purpose. An effort will be made at the
bazaar to materially diminish the debt
of J43.F0O at present resting on the church.
ics' Pavilion for That
Grand Bazaar to Be Held in Mechan-
ST. BRIGID'S CHURCH
DEBT TO BE LIQUIDATED
NEW MUSEUM OF
COMMERCE WILL
SOON BE A FACT
Governors.
Promotion Committee Is to
Nominate a Board of
As a result of yesterday's meeting of
the promotion committee of the Pacific
Commercial Museum the work which y«:
lies* before that body will be rushed
through as rapidly as possible, 'n ordev
that the museum, which Is declared on
all sides to be one of the most necessary
and best aids to tho merchants of the
city, may Speedily become an assured fact.
Enthusiasm was the keynote of the pro
ceedings and unity the spirit in which the
members aid under the gavel of Presi
dent Benjamin Ide Wheeler of the Univer
sity of California.
President Wheeler opened the proceed
ings with a few pointed, remarks on tho
necessity of going through the final steps
of organization as rapidly as possible. Ha
then state? that the object of tho meet
ing was to consider the best means of
electing the board of governors, to con
sist of twenty-one members. This he
thought could best be accomplished by a
nominating committee composed of. Saul
Sussman, F. \V7 Dohrmann, Lippman
Sachs, Arthur Kodgers and P, C. Rossi.
Irving JM. Scott then presented the
report drawn up by the executive com
mittee of the finance committee, of which
he is chairman. The report states that
up to date 178 firms have contributed to
the membership roll. This assures the
museum an income of $23,496 during the
llrst year of Its existence. Of this amount
$3662 77 has been placed to the credit of
the museum in the Bank of • California,
representing 167 Initiation fees of $G0 each,
less the expenditures Incurred by the ex
ecutive committee In Its work. These ex
penditures have been kept as small as
possible and were incurred for printing,
postage, stationery, typewriting, etc..
amounting In all to $357 23. Eleven mem
bers owo in unpaid Initiation fees $6fiO.
The committee. has sent out over 4000 let
ters and in addition has distributed a
large quantity of literature devoted to
making known the objects of th» museum
and Its Importance to the mercantile fu
ture of San Francisco.
•The members of the committee Bay that
while several firms in the Ci. have not
yet Joined, it is their belief that a large
proportion of them will eventually join,
especially as . soon as the museum is or
ganized and gives practical demonstration
of the widespread character of Its use
fulness. The committee also adds that
the work of obtaining members has
reached a point where progress commen
surate with the worthiness, of the project
and consideration, of- the future of ; the
museum demands the early organization
Keynote of the Meeting Sounded in
a General Desire to Forward
the Arrangements at Ex-
GLANDERS ONCE
MORE ATTACKS
ARMY HORSES
Glanders has again broken out among
tho horses at the Presidio, and yesterday
seventeen of the diseased animals were
shot. Some weeks ago the dread disease
attacked tho horses of the Ninth Cavalry,
and to prevent Its spread 150 fine animals
were Bhot and their bodies buried. The
stalls they occupied were torn down 'and
every stick o£ timber likely to carry the
germs burned. Veterinarles ancL, their as
sistants worked night and day and finally
announced a complete eradication of the
disease. ¦
• Several 'animals, however, were held for
observation, the number gradually in
creasing.*). The suspicious cases were dur
ing the 'last day or two submitted to a
lliial teat;- with the result that they were
ordered to be shot, having • been found
hopelessly alHlcted. Dr. Hunter, veteri
narian of the- Sixth Cavalry, now has
charge of the remaining animals > and
hopes to>iirevent any further spread.
The following named female nurses have,
been assigned quarttrs on the Thomas for
transportation to the Philippines: Bertha
M. Gertsch, Henrietta L. Kedecker, Helen
G. Fairbanks, Eva .Treuholm, . Helen 1L
Plckel and Eugenie M. Ward.
Captain Henry A. Bhaw, assistant sur
geon U. S. A., has been detached from
duty at the general hospital and will pro
ceed to the Philippines on the Thomas.
He will command a. detachment consist
ing of a hospital steward, nine acting
stewards and thirty privates assigned to
duty in the > islands. Captain Shaw, has
beer, connected with the hospital at the
Presidio for some time and his departure
Is deeply regretted by the patients.
Major Charles L«. Hodges, Seventeenth
Infantry, reported at headquarters yester
day end was assigned to. duty in connec
tion with the recruits at the Presidio
awaiting transportation abroad.
James J. Eells. a hosnjtal corps private,
died at the'general hospital yesterday, of
dysentery.
The remains of Private Eisen. Thirty
ninth Infantry,' were burled In the national
cemetery; yesterday. The deceased soldier
had many friends in this - city, who at
tended'the funeral of the dead hero.
A. detachment of 100 recruits was ex
pected at the".. Presidio last night from
Fort ¦ Columbus. Ohio. They are to nil
vacancies in the Eighteenth Infantry and
Light Battery. C Third Artillery.
Philippines.
Shaw Ordered to the
Every Effort Made to Prevent the
Spread of Contagion — Captain
With Disease.
Veterinarians Kill Seven
teen Animals Afflicted
of the body and commencement of actual
work. .
The report being accepted, Samuel
Sussmann moved that me committee
meet shortly and receive tho report of
the nominating committee. A. A. "Wat
kins thereupon called on the chair to ask
if It would ho proper to permit the ent're
committee to vote on the nominations of
the board of governors. He said that he
thought they were entitled to a say in
the matter.
"We will elect the ticket nominated by
the committee anyhow." cried several.
"I'm not so sure of that." replied K. A.
Denicke. After some further discussion It
was decided by Wheeler that the entire
promotion committee had a right to vote
at the election and it was so ordered.
The committee aft£r ' asking President
Wheeler to set the next meeting at an
early date then adjourned to the call of
the chair. -
their sticking to their position that pre
vented a large body of Chinese from turn
ing the right of the line of battle. The
writer also, offered his sympathy for the
heavy losses sustained by the Ninth, and
on the death of Colonel Liscum and
Captain Davis, who he said met death
in front of the foe. He also spoke of the
bravery of Lieutenant Smedley D. But
ler of the United States Marine Corps in
bringing In a wounded man from the
front under a heavy and accurate fire.
He commended Lieutenant Leonard for
a similar deed of daring.
' According to Colonel Meade, after the
battle the various commanders came to
gether and drew up laws for a civil gov
ernment. A Russian, an Englishman and
a Japanese were appointed to carry out
the laws laid down. There were 6450 allies
engaged in the light and the following
dead and wounded were reported:
Americans. 24 killed. 98 wounded; English.
17 killed. 67 wounded t Japanese. 320 killed
and wounded; French, 13 killed and fifty
wounded; Russians and Germans, 140
killed and wounded.
" Brigadier General A. R. F. Dorward o*
the English army sent a letter to Colonel
Meade in which he commended the brav
ery of the American soldiers. He said he
blamed himself for allowing the Ninth
Regiment, which was rushed to the scene
on a moment's notice, to take an exposed
position, but he commended the regiment
for its great work. He said It was
British "Words of Praise.
southeast, the Japaneso the northeast, the
English the northwest and the French the
southwest. Each nation had to clear out
the dead. Coolies were pressed into ser
vice and burled the killed. They must
have numbered fully two thousand, and
the retreating forces carried the samo
number of wounded away with them. I
do not know how many Chinamen were
engaged in the fight. I know the allies
had 6450 men in the field and their cas
ualty list was 730. Another battalion of
the Ninth Infantry arrived in time to re
lieve us and we were able to take a need
ed rest."
SCENE 0E THE FIRST FIGHTING AHOUND TIENTSIN
AND SOME OF THE CRIPPLED SURVIVORS.
Colonel Robert L. Meade. with the aid
of maps and documents In his possession,
told an interesting story of the battle of
Tientsin. He took no credit for the splen
did work he did at the taking of the
walled city, nor did he throw bouquets
at the splendid corps of which he Is a
member. He was commanding officer of
the American forces at Tientsin. In ac
cordance with orders he landed in Tien
tsin with about 430 members of his regi
ment. The remainder of his command
was distributed over Manila.
"I arrived on the morning of the 11th."
he said. "It was 1 o'clock when we
reached the reservation on the outskirts
of the city. We went into action on the
Meade's Story of the Fight
ill with dysentery and is now at Yoko
hama.
Tho wounded on the Solace were at
tended by Assistant Surgeon J. Stepp. It
was due to his science and care that no
deaths were recorded during the trip.
Whrn the ship reached port last night
there was but one man in the "sick bay."
He had been the victim of a slight at
tack of smallpox, but is now entirely re
covered.
Dr. Stepp rendered splendid services to
the sick and wounded after the battle of
Tientsin. The men of the Ninth Regiment
and the marines and bluejackets who
were struck by the bullets of the enemy
attest to his ability. He worked night
and day with the stricken men and it
was due to his great efforts that the
seriously wounded of that battle are alive.
The berth deck of the Solace was turned
into a hospital. The wounded were laid
out on cots and mattresses and the young
physician, aided only by two nurtea ana
Hospital Stewards L. O. Schetky and F,
J. Bryant of Oakland, worked indefatig
ably among the men.
Dr. Stepp was at Taku on the 14th of
Auanst and was ordered to report to
Colonel Meade at Tientsin. He assisted
I^r. Norton, the chief surgeon in the fieid.
The wounded were cared for at the Im
perial Bank of Tientsin, which was con
verted into a hospital after the battie.
On the 20th of August Dr. Stepp returned
to the Solace with the wounded offlcerb.
Ho transported them in a Chinese junk,
lie stated last night that the result of the
operations performed on the soldiers was
excellent, owing to the climate. Wounds
healed rapidly and the men were soon
in a fair way to recovery. During the
next two days after his arrival on the
Solace the wounded were brought aboard
and the ship sailed to Nagasaki, where
the army officers and men were trans
ferred to the United States army trans
port Thomas. The marines and blue
jackets were taken to the Naval Hospital
at Yokohama and the ship with Its re
maining wounded came home.
"I reached my advanced position about
8 o'clock and we- remained there until 8
o'clock in the evening. I had 180 rounds
of ammunition with me, which was all
we could carry because the ground was
too poor for transportation. I also had
three three-inch rapid fire guns and three
Colt automatic guns. We remained in
the trenches until 8 o'clock, when we
were withdrawn to the mud walls, down
by the arsenal. We were twelve hours in
the trenches and our losses were pretty
heavy. I had five killed and twenty-two
wounded out of two companies. Captain
Davis was killed while standing between
Dr. Norton and myself. He was killed by
a 'jingair bullet, tired by a two-man
gun. Captain Davis was the only officer
killed, but a number were wounded, tap
tain Long was struck and my adjutant,
Lieutenant Leonard, was shot. Quarter
master Lemly and Lieutenant Butler were
both severely hit. Leonard lost his arm
and at one time his life was despaired of.
Butler returned to duty and I heard he
was shot, again.
"Butler was shot while trying to bring
in one of his wounded men who had gone
outvide the trenches. Leonard seeing his
brother officer's critical condition rushed
to his rescue and was himself wounded
wjille bringing Butler in. It was a very
gallant thing for both men to do, and de
served the high mention they afterward
received.
"About 2 o'clock on the monilng of the
14th the Japanese blew in the south gate
and we entered the city. There were very
few fighting men in the place and we en
countered no opposition. The city was
literally strewn with dead. The fire from
the guns of Captain Bayley wrought ter
rible execution. When we took posses
sion of the walled city it was divided Into
four parts. The Americans guarded the
A Long Day's Battle.
ISth and fought all day. We started in
two columns from the reservation about
3 o'clock in the morning. The Japanese
were on the right and the English and
Americans on the left. We reached the
poutli gate of the walled city about 4:3U
o'clock, just as dawn was breaking. The
English battery, in command of Captain
Bayley of the royal navy, took up its
position and began to bombard the city,
while we waited under the mud wall.
On the day prior to the battle General
Dorward asked for a consultation of the
commanding officers and I notified Colonel
L-iscum, who was my Junior, to go with
me. A plan of action was determined on
by the commanding officer and Colonel
Liscum and myself thoroughly understood
it. On account of the few English in that
engagement Colonel Liscum's forces were
put on the right, while I, with the Royal
Welsh Fusileers, was on the left. About
7 or 7:30 o'clock on the morning of the
fight we deployed skirmishers and ad
vanced by rushes to., the front.
"In that country there are a great many
mounds and dykes and we used the latter
for trenches. The Chinese fire was par
ticularly accurate and rapid, and they
were armed with the best modern rifles.
At the turn of the last century life j
among the nobility was as brilliant and |
ceremonious as it was unutterably
wretched among the peasantry. Then,
too, the socialistic instinct, fostered by
the introduction of machinery and the
consequent advancement of the masses as
a power worthy of consideration among
the classes, began to make itself felt
throughout Europe and America. In Eng
land embers from the French revolution
burned into the minds of the people, mak
ing them restless with a sense of injus
tice and a need of political privileges.
Passion for progress seethed beneath the
high tory ministries, breaking forth au
thoritatively upon the death of Lord Cas
tlereagh, whose blind conservatism had
made him a conspicuous if not popular
figure in England's history until 1822. The
revolutionary infection spread even to the
Spanish colonies in Mexico arid South
America, to which infant republics many
looked for redress from the irregularities
of the Old World.
Bonaparte took up his residence in the
Tuileries in 1800. After his downfall the
holy alliance— undoubtedly formed for the
purpose of stamping out the principles of
liberty universally aroused*by the French
revolution— began the parceling out of
Europe and so changed its map that it
would scarcely have been recognizable to
the politicians of the late seventeenth cen
tury. In France emigre and bourgeois
touched elbows In their efforts to restore
what each chose to denominate the old
regime. Spain's tendencies toward liber
alism, as evinced in her frantic efforts to
secure a constitution, were to be nipped
in? the bud by an Invasion of French
troops. Prussia, still resting upon the
traditions of Frederick the Great, was
most insignificant in the family of na
tions which had struggled against Napo
leon. Italy, as punishment for her con
cessions to the "man of destiny," was
placed under the hated domination of
Austria, England, which was* not recog
nized among the great European powers
until the treaty of Paris in 1763, entered
about 1S22 upon the policy of progress for
which she has since become so distin
guished. In America, whose customs and
usages were frequently but pale reflec
tions of foreign thought, the new radi-<
calism fell upon unusually fertile soil.
There were but few class distinctions left
to abolish, but America did what she
could. The customary burlesque upon.the
English way of ranking by pedigree,
which during the early coloni; '. days had
been such a serious rule of caste at Har
vard College, was straightway done away
with. The title of "mister." originally an
honorary term, was applied so indiscrimi
nately that great men were only to be dis
tinguished by the absence of all title. Ap
! prentices thenceforth discarded their
leather aprons and breeches in favor of
second-hand suits of their employers,
while the maid servants spurned the short
j gowns and petticoats of domestic manu
tacture, by which clumsy livery they had
oeen readily recognized whenever they
went abroad. As a result of this equaliz
ing tendency all the early Republicans
seemed to live upon the same general
plane of prosperity, so that when Lafay
ette paid us one of his triumphant visits
he exclaimed in bewilderment, "But
where are the people!"
The political and social movements
which became such noteworthy features
of the nineteenth century necessarily af
fected society in all Its branches. In Eng
land the various commercial, manufactur
ing and philanthropic reforms incident to
the early part of the century ameliorated
social conditions, sandwiching the in
creasingly substantial middle class be
j tween the brutish masses and the uppor
i conservative classes. Prominent among
I the overturning forces of the new century
was the invention of the cotton gin by the
j American, EM Whitney. England had
previously invented the steam engine and
an ingenious machine fcr - spinning and'
was- anxious to divert to her markets the
cotton from our Southern plantations.
The crops, however, were most unproflt
| able because of the tenacity with wh'ch
the cotton adhered to the fiber. After
many experiments Ell Whitney, encour
aged by Mrs. Green of Revolutionary
memory, devised a clumsy machine which
could perform the work of hundreds of
men. In it thel planters foresaw those
possibilities of untold wealth which thoy
eventually realized, "fn that rude log hut
of Georgia," says Barnes, "cotton was
crowned king and a new era was opened
for America and the world."
In England this invention brought about
a state of affairs not easily comprehended
by the conservative manufacturers. Re
senting the abolition if the hand looms
worked bv ¦weavers in their cottagea ns
described in George Eliot's "Silas Mar
ner." tho people bitterly opposed the inno
vations of machinery, succumbing even
tually because compelled to do so by their
employers, and perceiving dimly that the
new contrivances wout-.i give employment
to thousands where one would have for
merly made a llvlnp. The masses were
next ground between the wheels of com
petition. Early In tho century manufac
turers desirous of making large profits by
means of cheap labor threw men out of
employment and took on women and
children to tend their looms. For a Ion*
time the public conscience was hardened
Note— This study, by Mrs. Charlottt
Brewster Jordan, will be concluded on
next Friday.
to the fact that pauper children were sent
by the bargeiul to the manufacturing
towns, where they died rapidly or were
crippled for life. Tlia employment of
women through long, weary hours in a
polluted atmosphere led to pernicious re
sults In the breaking up of the home* in
destroying parental affection and in dead
ening sell respect.
'ine conditions under which factory
hands am employed in 1VM are by no
intans ideal, in many instances are most
deplorable, dui compared with the iabor
ol a century ago they are models of In
dustry. Much of the change may be at
tributed to the various combinations for
mutual improvement and the tremendous
spread of socialism, that strong under
current toward the co-operation of capi
tal and labor which is broadening out into
one of the mighty streams of the twen
tieth century. How It shall be managed
is one of the gravest problems confront
ing the present generation.
'ihe strong light of public sympathy was
turned upon the piteousness of child labor
by Lord Ashley, who did for the little
ones of England what Wilberforce did for
the blacks. Heartbreaking stories of the
four-year-old workers in the coal mines
dragging on all fours sledges fastened to
their waists by chains were published In
reports of parliamentary commissions;
and Ashley's earnest speeches In Parlia
ment finally aroused the public sympathy,
although it took twenty long years for
tha: sympathy to find legal expression.
Literature went hand in hand wltn philan
thropy in this rescue work tor children,
one of the strongest influences in bring
ing about the law forbl<!d:ntj more than
ten hours' daily work for factory hands
beiiig Mrs. Browning's appealing poem.
"The Cry of the Children." in these days
of ameliorated conditions for the working
classes it is customary to decry this noble
poem as maudlin or sentimental, and the
same terms are ignorantly applied to the
searchlights which Dickers turned upon
the dark places of cruelty wherein the
chimneysweep, the boj*3 of thp workhouse,
factory and Yorkshire schools led their
cramped and painful lives. It is Interest
ing to iearn that the chain of benevolence
in which the names of Wilberforci.-, Ash
ley, Mrs. Fry, Southey, Mrs. Browning
and Dickens form such important links
has been continued in our days by Lady
Burdett-Coutts, whese sympathies Dick
ens enlisted in the work.
In America the children of the family
of moderate means in 1S00 led far more
comfortable lives. Child life In the newly
puttied country whese development drew
heavily upon all its resources was held
at a hipher valuation. From this has de
veloped the "1'ounK America" of 1300.
whosp manifest destiny is to-day both the
promise and despair of the thoughtful.
Dressed in colonial days like goodwlfe
antl goodman cut short, these children
survived the dangers and hardships inci
dent to the pioneer life of the new world.
beguiling 1 It3 tedium with many of tha
good old games which have been displaced
in the modern curriculum of play by the
oversunply of toys. Indeed, when we see
the sterling men and women developed
bv a childhood of scantiness and hard
ships, It makes U3 wonder if we are rob
bing the future hardihood and manhood
of our race by supplying its youth with
bicycle and baseball and by smoothing
away the obstacles who?e surcnountinRs
brought out the best in the o!d-time chil
dren. ?
With all the increased valuation put %
upon child life In America as eompare<U
wl h that of Europe, the youth In our
forefathers* day was nevertheless kepr
well in the background, seldom seen and
never heard, and was consequently lack
ins in that self-consciousness which la
only foo prominent In his Juvenile suc
cessors.
At the portals of tho eighteenth century
giants in literature were imperiously
knocking, clearing the way for the horde
of writers, grave tr.rt say. prolific and
I poetic, humorous* and historic, which Is
to-day in easy occupancy. On the Conti
nent great authors were at thfa time con-
I spicuous by their absence. In "France the
skeptical writers for a time held an unen
viable and transient sway. Goethe was
living, but his writings belong, with Schil
ler's, to tho close of the preceding cen
tury. England felt the powerful Influence
J of the French eycloperllsts and German
I metaphysicians, and the stamp of their
i power is plainly traceable in the writing
of Scott. Wordsworth. Coleridge. Southey.
Moore, Shelley and Byron. Karly in th«
century Scott charmed the world With his
minstrelsy, and a few years later he wrote
"his way out of debt.
At the beginning of tho nineteenth cen
| tury American literature was but an an-
I nex to that of England, drawing from
Sydney Smith the contemptuous query.
"In the four quarters of the globe, who
reads nn American book or goes to an
American play, or looks at an American
picture or statue?" Washington Irving
first received recognition abroad, then
James Fenimore Cooper, and to-day even
the witty canon of St. Paul's would bo
obliged to admit the American claim to
authorship stands abreast with the Eng
lish In the four quarters of the jrlobe.
Literature both affected and reflected tha
society of tho day. Through literature
; many of thp evils at th a dawn of the c«?n
! tury have become practically nonexistent
• at its close. In turn, society has largely
Influenced and encouraged literature.
A CENTURY OF SOCIAL LIFE AND INFLUENCES
Copyright, 1900,
by Seymour Eaton.
COMPARATIVE STUDIES Of TU/O CENTURIES.
Colonel Meade Gives
a Fine Description
of the Taking of the
Walled City.
Among the wounded are E. J. John
son, W. Anderson. W. E. Ho'yoke. M.
T. Togersen and H. Kearn. who were
v.ith Captain McCalla In the first expedi
tion. F. Rasmussen and Naval Cadet
J. K. Tausslg, a son of the well-known
nava! commander, were too seriously
wounded to be brought home and had to
l*e Ifft at Yokohama. The following mem
bers of the First Regiment <~>f Marines
•were able to undergo the long sea voy
ece and will be lar.dod at Mare Island to
oav: Corporal L. A. Hetrich. Privates J.
F. Van Horn, C. 11. Carter. C. I. Mat
thews and tt. Larffon. The following
marines were either able to return to
uuty or are now inmates of the Nava!
Hospital in Yokohama: Sergeant F. T.
"Winters. Corporal John \V. McDonald.
Corporal J. W\ Hunt. Privates J. C. hie
poneral C. P. Miller. F. G. Egelseer, H.
JSrndorff. A. B. Penney. P. D. Kelleher. R.
Desmond. J. J- Stokes. C. R. Francis A.
Pennine-ton and lieutenant of Marines
W. 'i- Jolly. Lieutenant Jolly was taken
Tlie Wounded.
AT sunset last evening the navy
transport Solace, bearing some of
the marines an«i bluejackets who
•were wounded at the taking of
the walled city of TientMn, and as pas-
Fenrrrs ex-Minister to Hawaii Harold M.
Sewall and W. B. Dunning, a retired
r.aval officer, steamed into the harbor and
anchored in the stream off Folsom-street
wharf. Immediately after the transport
was anchored Mr. Sewall came ashore,
hurried to his hotel and tele
graphed his arrival to his be
reaved family. He learned of his fathers
Hidden aeatfi when the pilot boarded the
vessel, and the officers of the ship ex
pressed to him their profound regrets.
Oa board the transport were about
eighteen men, who are rapidly recovering
from the wounds inflicted by the soldiers
of the Flowery Kingdom. Colonel Robert
L.. Meade. who was In. command of the
marines at the taking of Tientsin, was
also on board, having been invalided
home, much against his will, by the Gov
ernment. He Is to report to the Naval
Hospital at Mare Island, but has so far
recovered from a severe attack of rheu
matism that he feels capable and ready
to return to duty. A metal casket con
taining the remains of Captain Ingate of
the Marine Corps, who died at Guam, was
in the -hold of the ship.
Captain Herbert Wlnslow, commander
of the Solace, reports a fine voyage from
tne Orient. The transport left Manila
on June 13 and had on board 10U marines
for Admiral Kempff and a number of sick
from the Asiatic squadron. The vessel
made the trip to Taku in six days. After
landing the marines the ship steamed to
Nagasaki, and on arriving there the was
notified by cable to remain there for fur
ther orders. A few days later Captain
Winslow was ordered to take his vessel
to Taku and to send the sick hnme by
the mail steamers. This was carried out
and the Solace stayed at Taku until after
the assault on Tientsin. The ship then
took the wounded of the Ninth Infantry
End transferred the wounded to the
transport Thomas. Captain Bookmiller
cculd not be moved awi was therefore
taken to the Naval Hospital at Yoko
hama along with the marines and blue
jackets who were wounded in the battie.
The ship departed for Guam on August
11 and on arriving at the island took
aboard the boJy of the dead marine of
licer. Her ir'xt stop was at Honolulu,
where ex-Minister Sewall and Mr. Dun
ring went on board. The Solace made no
further stop until she reached this city
Fhe will go to the navy-yard at Mare
Island to-day and discharge her wounded
and the 103 time-expired men from the
Asiatic squadron.
General Dorward Paid
a High Tribute to
the Courage of the
American Troops.
Sad Tidings for Ex-
Minister to Hawaii
Harold fl. Sewall on
His Return Home.
Young^Naval Surgeon
Saved Many Lives
by His Skill and Care
of the Wounded.
TRANSPORT SOLACE BRINGS HOME WOUNDED MARINES, HURT
IN THE FIGHTING AROUND TIENTSIN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1900.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
7
AMUSDIENTS.
E\- tT R'^ JCIGHT. TNCLT-r>TN-G BT7NDAY.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
CLAY L.. R.
CLEMENT and STOGKWELL,
Fuppcrt^d by a Ptrnr.x Company.^
IN J!R CLEMENT 1 S IDYLLIC COMEDY.
THE
NEW DOMINION
Clay Ci»mPit a? Barnn von Hohenstauffen
Next TT^rk— DOUBLE BILL.
"TU r D»l I C" /CLAY CUMENT \
And Dicn Boucicaulfs One Act Drama,
"NAt OLEON'S GUARD."
GREAT "ADMISSION WEEK" BILL -
The •World-Renowned Contralto,
JESSIE BARTLETT DAVIS
V-»LL" AND WALTERS. GERTRUDE
MANSFIELD AND (ARTL WILBUR.
v!-F<=TO\' *ND WREN. LITTLE FRANCES
KF.PPLER. GREAT AMERICAN BIO-
gpaph
R( 4=r.rv«.<i *»at*. 2Sc; balcony. 10c; opera, chain
M b-^x feats. Mr.
Mstlr^s ¦u>dn«>5<">ay. Baturflay and Sunday.
EVKnT EVENING THIS WEEK
AND SATURDAY MATINEE.
THE GREAT DOUBLE OPERATIC BILL.
"Cavaileria Rusticana 1 '
AND
"I Pagliacci,"
WITH THE ENTIRE COMPANY ALTER-
NATELY APPEARING.
•OPULAR PRICES 25c and 60o
Telephone Bush 1
MATINEE TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
LAST THREE- NIGHTS.
A Story of Indian Military Life.
rHE GIRL I
LEFT BEHIND ME !
j P<*at« for all performances now on sale.
TRICES-lSc Be &c and 60c
NEXT WEEK.
"THE WIDOW'S HUSBAND "
Special engagement cf ADA LEWI3.
6UTRO BBTHS.
,- OPEN NIGHTS.
Op*n Dally From 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathlr.ir From 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION. JO: CHILDREN. 6c.
i&thlcs lncludlnc adraisulon. 2Sc; Children, 20o.
Aaras^-pwTff
ALF ELLIXOTIOT-SE. Le S !«»- and Manager.
'Phone, South 770.
The E!pee«t. the P.*?t. th» Grandest.
Z3VERY EVENING.
MATINEE T0-M0RR0W (SATURDAY)
AND SUNDAY.
FERRIS HARTMAN
WITH
The nautical farcical succpfs. Fifty people on
the stag*. Pretty girls, handsome costumes,
magnificent ftap? FPttlnps. Special popular
prices, 15c, 2Ic. 35c and 60c.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
THE SfESj&MF H W%f cow '
NEWin«E€i*4W M»£» ¥ PANY
TILL FURTHER NOTICE.
Sucerb Production of
QUO VADIS.
Introducing in the Arena Scene
/IDGIE'S LIONS.
Evenlner Prices 10c, ISc. 2Sc. 50c
A Few Front Rows In Orchestra, 75c.
Matinee Prices 10c, 15c, 25c, 50a No higher.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
|^ffi|| CUT RATES
;p§^pS TO-NIGHT!
a^Sfjl/pi Children, nnr !<x-.U1on, 2."c.
iminHi Best Se ~^ ia
I Pi'/likl Stand Only 5Pc.
4s83 Good Ssats Only 25c and 3:c.
TONIGHT— CHILDREN'S NIGHT.
Including Pain's Electric Perambulating Ele-'
phant and Wonderful Monkey.
ABSOLUTELY NEW!
Folsom and Sixteenth its. Grounds.
SEATS AT SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S.
CHUTES AND Z00. E^/ E A &T
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW*.
BEABURY. HIGH DIVER.
WALLACE. THE UNTAMABLE LION.
CANNON. THE FAT MAN.
TO-MORROW NIGHT-BI6 CAKEWALK !
Telephone for Seats, Park 23.
ITTQr'i-TP'R'^ CONCERT HOUSE.
rlbl/HUn O Admission lOs.
MAE TUNISON. EUDORA FORDE. J. F.
VIACO, L. E. BEHAN. HOWARD and CAMP-
BELL. OLIVE VAIL and Dj;TCH WALTON.
Reserved Seats. 25c: Matinee Sunday.
MARIA KIP ORPHANAGE.
Annual reception with performance of the
Flectrical Basr Babies by the 6rphanagr« chll-
Se^. Saturday. September 16. at 2:15 o'clock.
Golden Gate Hall. 625 Butter St. Admission—
Adults. 50c: chHdrcn,'25c. Third Artillery Band.
ilTTHnDC Manuscripts suitable for ls-
AU I nuaj mine in volume form required
cvrwiKtl k by eetablished .houee:" liberal
A terms; prompt, stralghtforwati
Mini ICHED ' treatment. Address "Books."
J'UBLtoilLrf hi Herald 2Jd .t.. New York.* ;: — — *
NEW YORK. Sept. 13.— FLOUR— Receipts,
23,447 barrels; exports, 6411 barrels; sales, 8100
rackares. Market was considerably stronger
and more active, buyers finding encouragement
ln the decided firmness of wheat.,
WHEAT— Receipts. 179.595 bushels; exports.
11S.O53 bushels; sales, 3,475,000 bushels futures
and 320,000 bushels export. Spot, firmer; No. 2
red, 8Hic f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 79Vic ele
vator; No. 1 Northern Duluth. 85He f. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth, £8-\c f. o. b. afloat.
Options were considerably firmer to-day in re
sponse to positive strength In the Northwest,
where receipts were light. Besides active cov
ering at times there was moderate foreign buy
ing and a broader speculative trade generally,
helped by increased export trade. ( Closed
strong at *i@lc net higher. Sales Included No.
2 red March, 84%§85!4c; closed, 85V*c; May,
S4V4<f?S5c; closed. 85c; September closed 89Uc;
October, 80%@80%c; closed, 80?ic; December,
Sl%©82 13-16c; closed, 82%c.
HOPS— Dull.
HIDEa-Flrm. . !
WOOL-Dull. ¦'*>£:<: r £ : *3.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. No. 7 invoice, 8*4e: mild,
quiet. Futures, steady at a decline of 5@10
points net. Total sales, 20,750 bags, ¦ Including-
September, $7 10JJ7 15; October, $7 15; Novem
ber. $7 25; December. $7 35: January, $7 40; Feb
ruary. $7 45; March, $7 45@7 00; May, $7 So®
7 60; July, $7 70. V
SUGAR— Raw, strong; fair refining, 414c;
centrifugal. 96 test. 5c; molasses sugar, ; 4c;
refined, firm. v '
BUTTER— Receipts, ¦ 3960 'packages: steady.
State creamery, 16V4@21c: June creamery, 18H®
21c: factory, 14@16c. '
EGGS— Receipts, 7361 packages; steady;,West
ern, regular at mark, ll@T7c; Western, loss off.
I8@i9c.
DRIED FRUITS.
• Aside from a few I orders for a few choice
grades of evaporated . apples to . supply Imme
diate wants, new features were conspicuous bv
their absence. State, common, was quote j tro-ii
SfftZc; prime, 4%®5V4c; choice, 5i£<g-6c; fancy,
£@6Hc. - - . -
California dried fruits were Inactive.
PRUNES— Were quoted from 3i,i@7}4c per lb
as to size and quality. ' " •'
APRICOTS— Royal, ll@14c; Moorpark. 15®16c
PEACHES— Peeled. 14@18c; unpeeled. 6@Dc.
New;, York Metal Market. .
ICEW YORK. Sept. 13.— Business ln general
New York Stock Market.
NE^v- YORK. Sept. 13.— So far aa the stock
market can be relied on as a mirror of general
condition the country remains plunged in pro
found doubt and uncertainty. The few move
ments of prices are little more than ripples on
the surface of a stagnant pool. Members of
the Stock Exchange are quite nonplused. Both
tfcat class who operate on their own account
known as room traders, and the comm.sslon
bouses are puzzled over the Immobility of the
market. The stocks in which any appreciable
movement occurred to-day were dealt in to ho
small an extent as to detract from the sig
nificance of the changes. The coalers showed
some sharp declines. Lackav.-anna losing 2*
points, -while Reading first preferred and New
Jtisey Central were down at one time to about
a point, but partly recovered. The declaration
of a strike in the Pennsylvania anthracite coal
region had a depressing effect on the general
market, as the contest inaugurated is felt to be
fraught with vast possibilities of harm. Somf
depression was reflected from foreign ex
changes. London showing uneasiness over the
ikelihood of the railroad strike. The leading
incident of the day in the financial world was
the easing of the private discount rate in Lon
don in n-aponse to the large additional re
cuperation shown by the Bank of England.
1 he sterling exchange rate fell sharply in New
lork. Paris and Berlin as a consequence an
advance ln the Berlin discount rate helping
th« movement. The London market was appar
ently undisturbed by the Stock Exchange set
tlement and the 25 per cent installment falling
ou* to-morrow on the subscriptions to the
RrltiBh exchequer bonds. This leaves half of
the subscription jet to be met. The general
a ?? ls ?i? n ,J hat a G«rman loan to the extent
of $25.t«o 000 is to be placed in New York gives
additional Interest to the effect of the remaining
installments to be paid by American sub-
Ecribers to the British loan. It is a safe as
sumption that a liberal proportion of the Ger
man loen will have to be met by gold ex
ports.
The bond market continued devoid of Inter
est. Total sales, par value. $710,000
United States 5s registered declined »i In the
blc price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST
Share* n^.i^-.
Sold. Stocks- CT S?i ng
l.*G0 Atchison 2rr>
4, ISO Atchison prefd " -A£
l.S>SO Baltimore & Ohio '"' 71?
¦ 300 Canadian Pacific \\\'" g^il
Canada Southern ,- <«
1,150 Chesapeake & Ohio '" 2S»'
Chicago Great Western '.*"' in*?
8,710 Chicago Burlington & Quincy "r-4*!
Chicago Ind & Louisville ' J^
Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd.. 57
Chicago & Eastern Illinois &«u
Chicago & Northwestern 16114
310 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 106»i
C C C & St Louis Eg
100 Colorado Southern " g
Colorado Southern 1st prefd " 41
Colorado Southern 2d prefd " isu
130 Delaware &. Hudson "liou
400 l>elu«-are Lack & Western "*175
200 Denver &; Rio Grande ' 19«i
Denver & Rio Grande prefd ." 67H
Erie 11*
Erie first prefd ' 3314
100 Great Northern prefd "lo"*?
150 Hocking Coal ; 5 «7
Hocking Valley 33^
300 Illinois Central *""mi/
100 Iowa Central iZ£
Iowa Central prefd ¦ " 43
Lake Erie & Western " 27
Lake Erie & Western prefd " 9314
Lake Shore '•,£*
1.500 Louisville & Nashville ""' 73
Manhattan L ' g-js<
210 Metropolitan Street Railway ios£
1O0 Mexican Central lilt
100 Minneapolis & St Louis '.',[ 541I
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd.... ' 53
2,050 Missouri Pacific "* siet
Mobile & Ohio '.'.]]] jjg *
Missouri Kansas Sc Texas... "" 9
Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.!'" 30»{
600 New Jersey Central ......!m
New York Central "l30«i
100. Norfolk & Western "341*
Norfolk & Western prefd .".".*.". 75'*
5,250 Northern Pacific Mtd
100 Northern Pacific prefd "" 711?
1.000 Ontario & Western " o 0 »4
Oregon Railway & Nav * J»
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 75
2.5H3 Pennsylvania 1271
200 Reading '"" l6 {*
9.000 Reading 1st prefd "" sjv
. 200 Reading 2d prefd '] 26 *
Rio Grande Western ." 54
Rio Grande Western prefd. SO
-.. fit Louis & San Fran ' 91/
ICO St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 67
St Louie & San Fran 2d prefd 33%
700 St Louis Southwestern ; n2
2.640 St Louis Southwestern prefd 2*5
3,5«0 St Paul n3 7?
150 St Paul prefd.... 1741?
St Paul & Omaha no
2.200 Southern Pacific S3V,
1.760 Southern Railway ........." n«2
700 Southern Railway prefd.. C4u
1,062 Texas & Pacific 1&1J
510 Union Pacific rjL
100 Union Pacific prefd.; ;. 74
150 Wabash 7
Wabash prefd ig
100 Wheeling & Lake Erie ............... S%
200 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 23&i
....... Wisconsin Central 13
....... Third Avenue ;;.... ;......... .110
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of Ilish and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entranve to Sa3
Francisco Bay. Published by oiflcial au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) About
twenty -five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tUt is tho same at both placea.
EASTERN MARKETS.
CHICAGO. Sept. 13.— Porter Bros. Company
sold California fruit as follows: Grapes—To
kay, 95c@$l 45 per small crate; assorted, $1 15@
1 45; Muscat. 90c(g$l 30, Peaches— Sal way, 55@
80c.
Earl Fruit Company sales of California fruit:
Pears — Howell, average $180 box; Beurre
Hardy, $1 05®l 75; Bartlett. $1 1002 20; Flemish,
70<g8Oc. Plums— Golden, average 30c single crate.
Prunes — German, Z5@60c single crate; Silver,
average 30c; Italian, 60@70c: Pacinc, 40tjS5c;
Hungarian, average 66c. Eight cars of fruit
sold to-day.
NEW YORK, Sept. 13.— Porter Bros. Com
pany sold California fruit at the following
prices: Pears— Bartlett. $1 30@l 65. Plums—
Kelsey, $5@5 15 per box and $1 75 per small
crate. Grapes— Tokay, $1@1 55 per small crate;
clusters, $1 35; assorted, $1 20@l 30; Muscat.
75c(g$l-25: Malvolse. $110. Peaches— Salway, 60
@6oc. Prunes — Silver. SOc.
Earl Fruit Company sales of California fruit:
Grapes — Tokay. S0c@$l 15 single crate. Pears —
Bartlett, $1 10@2 90 box, SOQ^Oc half box. Prunes
—Italian, 85©95c single crate. Eight cars of
fruit sold to-day.
BOSTON, Sept. 11— The Earl Fruit Company
realized the following prices Tor California fruit
sold at auction to-day: Grapes— Tokays, single
crates, 90c@$l 15. average $1 02. Pears—Bart
letts. lialf boxes, average 85c. Peaches—Sal
ways, boxes, SO&iOc, average 63c: Yellow Free,
boxes, average 50c; George's Late boxes. 5O?J
70c, average 66c. Prunes — Robe de Sargent, sin
gle crates, 95cff?l, average 89c. Five cars sold
to-day. Weather very hot.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Sept. 13.— CATTLE— Receipts, 11,
500 head, including 1000 Westerns and S000 Tex
ans. Heavy and common steers, 10c to 15c
lower; Westerns strong. Natives, good to
prime steers, $5 60@6; poor to medium, $4 500
6 50; selected feeders, $4@4 90; stockers, $3®
3 £0; cows, $2 75@4 50; heifers, $3@5 25; canners,
$2(fr2 75; bulls. $2 8O©4 50; calves. $306 S5: Texas
fed steers, $4 4US/5; grassers, $3 40@4 35; bulls,
$2 50<54 35.
HOGS— Receipts, 28,000 % head; to-morrow, 17.-
C00: left over. 7000. Five cents lower. Top,
$5 60; mixed and butchers', $5 10®5 55; good to
choice heavy. $5 10<g5 47',4: rough heavy, $4 95SJI
5 05: light. $5 25@5 60: bulk of sales. $5 15&S 35.
SHEEP— Receipts, 10,000 head. Sheep, strong
to l«>c higher; lambs, steady to strong. Good to
choice wethers, $3 75@4; fat to choice mixed,
$3 60(34 50; Western sheep, $3 75@4; Texas sheep.
$4 25@5 85; native lambs, $5@5 75.
Exports and Imports/or August.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 13.— The August state
ment of the Imports and exports of the United
States, Issued by the Bureau of Statlcttcs,
shows that during the month the total imports
of merchandise was $61,626,005, a decrease as
compared with August. 1899, of about $5,000,000.
Of the Imports of merchandise $22,568,806 was
free of duty.
The experts of domestic merchandise during
the month amounted to $101,338,964, a decrease
of $1,500,000. The gold Imports for the month
amounted to $3,099,857. a decrease of $2,292,000.
The exports of gold aggregate $18,068,372, as
against $2,090,066 for August, 1899. The silver
Imports amounted to $4,214,573, an increase of
over $1,100,000. and the exports to $6,486,899. an
Increase of $2,500,000.
-•
Nezu York Cotton : Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 13.— The market opened
irregular, with prices 4 to 17 points higher ln
sympathy with the unexpected turn of the Liv
erpool market. Later In the morning the local
market gave a characteristic demonstration of
inherent strength by advancing 24 points on a
rush of shorts to cover and a spurt of invest
ment buying. During the rest of the session
the market slowly sagged back under a little
profit taking and an absence of bull backing.
The- market closed weak and Irregular, 4 points
higher to 8 points lower.
Sale ot Sheepskins.
LONDON. Sept. 13.— The sale of sheepskins
was held to-day. The number of skins offered
was 3325. ' There was the usual attendance, but
competition was unsatisfactory, much of the
stock being withdrawn at an average decline
of, 10 per cent compared with the August-fig
ures. Merinos and fine crossbreds were to
%d lower and coarse stock %d lower.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Sept. . IS.— Clearings, $421,477;
balances, $137,608. .
OREGON
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. Sept.' 13.— Wheat steady, with
a fairly heavy movement. Walla Walla is sell
ing at 56'.4ig57c, ¦ valley • 59@60c and bluestem
59<560c. - . , - ¦:
Cleared— British ship Genista, with 103.962
bushels of wheat; British ship Orealla. with
103.810 bushels of wheat; both for Queenstown:
Foreign wheat shipments from Portland ¦ for
the week ending to-day. were 207.772 bushels.'
WASHINGTON
TACOMA. Sept. 13.— Wheat quiet and un
changed. - Bluestem. 69c; club, 66c; both for
export. . . ¦ . ,
Foreign Markets.
LONDON.- Sept. 13.— Consols. 98 U-16; ? sliver.
California Fruit Sales.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Dec.
Opening 6 H 6 3
Closing 6 1 6 3%
PARIS.
Wheat— Sept. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 20 CO 22 20
Closing 20 60 22 15
Flour —
Opening 26 25 28 25
Closing 26 25 28 25
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 24,000 13,000
Wheat, bushels 206,000 309,000
Corn, bushels 232,000 325,000
Oats, bushels 231.000 324,000
Rye. bushels 3.000
Barley, bushels 43,000 62.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was quiet. Creamery, l$H®20V4c; Dairy,
14@lSc. Cheese, .1014® llHc. Eggs, firm: fresh.
15Hc ' • -
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 70Qi76c;
No. 2 red. 76@77^c; No. 2 corn, 40%@41c; No. 2
yellow, 40%®4UAc; No. 2 oats. 22«,;@23^4c: No.
2 white. 25c; No. 3 white, 23V4@2SV4c: No. 2
rye, SIVic; good feeding barley, 3D@33«4c; fair
to choice malting, 37<ff51c: No. 1 flax seed, $1 49;
No. 1 Northwestern, $1 CO; prime timothy seed,
$4 10@4 30; mess pork, per barrel, $11 43iiJU 50;
lard, per 100 pounds. $6 80@6 82V4; short ribs
sides (loose), $7 50@7 SO; dry salted shoulders
(boxed). 6»4©6%c; short clear sides (boxed). $8
©S 10; .whisky, basis of high wines, %l 26; clo
ver, contract grade, $3 60®9 93.
Weather Report.
FORECAST.
(12Cth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 13. 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfalls ln last 24 hours:
Last This Lact
Stations— 24 hours, season, season.
Eurtka 02 .13 1.16
Ked Bluff 04 .23 .02
Sacramento 06 .06 .02
San Francisco 00 .45 Trace
Fresno 00 .14 .00
Independence 00 .76 .07
San Luis Oblspo 00 Trace .24
Los Angeles 00 Trace Trace
San LWego 00 Trace .07
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
67; minimum. £6; mean. 62.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
The pressure has risen rapidly over Northern
California. Nevada and Oregon and has fallen
rapidly over the Rocky Mountain region. The
storm over California haa moved northeastward
and Is now over Montana.
The temperature has fallen over the country
west of the Ilocky Mountains. Over Oregon and
Northern Nevada there has been a fall of 20
degrees. In the great valleys of California the
temi>eratures are from 10 to 17 degrees below
the normal.
Rain has fallen generally on the coast from
can Francisco northward.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Salt Lake. 30 miles per hour, from
the south; Wlnnemucca. 36 miles, from the
west; PocatellQ. 34 miles, from the southwest;
«ala Walla, 26 miles, from the southwest;
Spokane. 2o miles, from. the southwest.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight September 14. 1900-
For Northern California— Fair; warmer Fri
day night; light southerly winds
Southern California-Fair Friday; fresh west
erly winds.
Nevada— Rain Friday.
Utah — Rain! cooler Friday
Arizona— Fair Friday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Friday
fresh westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Of ficial.
Charters.
The CaroniJelet loads lumber at Port Gam
ble for Valparaiso for orders; the Ivy, lum
ber from Vancouver to China.: the Forest
Home, lumber from Port Gamble to Valparaiso
for orders, €2s 6d; the Japan, lumber at Brit
ish ColumMa for Payta, Peru; the Jabez
H^tres, coal at T&corr.a for Honolulu; th-*
Rivei»dale (at I'ortland) haji been reportel
chartered to load wheat thence to Kurope.
4Ts 6d.
Hay and Grain for Manila
The British steamer Oak Branch sailed
Wednesday for Weihalwei with the follow
ing cargo, valued at $10,532, to be forwarded
to Manila: K9 ctls barley, 1S2 cs calccarbide.
C76 tons hay.
Departure of Victoria Steamer.
The erearoer C!ty of Pueb'.a sailed yesterday
lor Victoria and Puget Sound with a general
cargo valued at S22.3S4. including several thou
eand «is-es of canned eiilmon and fruit for
the Eastern States. The following were the
principal Fhirmenw:
For Vtetoria — 47 r? arms and ammunition. 6
rkpe assay poods. 10P3 H>8 bread. 50 as brand} .
176 cs canned goota 2453 tbs chocolate. 8 pkgs
Chinese provisions, 5 bdls cordage, 2 c« clocks.
275 Vtis coffee, 19J pkgs dried fruit. 3 cs dry
itoods. € cs drugs. €C6 rkg« fruit. 223 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions. 23 c« hardware, 14 pks«
b/iusehold goods, fl bdls Iron. 3 rolls leather,
i ct oil, 10 pkgs machinery, 117 pkgs mlllstuffo.
* t'd'.s pipe. C5 cs pa»=te, S000 Tbs pearl barley.
3 kegs rivets, 5 c» raisins. 20.000 lbs' Bait, 11
t«2!s sj-nces, Rfi pkgs steel. 15 steel beams. 4
bbls syrup. 170 rha tobacro, 22 ce telegraph
¦wire. 1> err onions. 15 crs vegetables, 50 ca
whisky: value. JM3f*.
For Minneapolis— 1030 cs canned fruit; value,
JS32U.
Vor Bcston — 760 ca salmon: value, $3340.
For Pmvidence — 500 cs salmon; value, $2200.
For Rutlsnd, Vt.— 4T0 cs salmon; value. $1760.
For Sydney, Australia— 2^0 cs canned saJmon,
£43 ! f apples; value, $2325.
Coin Certificates.
The Goverrsient coin certificates ln circu
lation August 21 were af^ follows:
ISM. 1900.
GnM $e$.€?«.9«9 J210.3S8.SCi
Silver 4?3.£32,34S 415,875,727
Treasury S1.C50.6S2 69.E90.651
Total .„ SCC3.971.966 $656,154,747
During the month of August there waa a
ret (ta'.Ti of J2,7S4,S60 in gold and J5,33S,433 ln
Filver certificates and a net decrease of $2,965,
2SS in treasury notes.
National Coinage.
The coinage of the United State* Mints fcr
the current calendar year Is as follows:
Double eagles $64,750,680 00
Ea«k« 3,749,110 00
Half-eagles • 6,530,340 00.
Quarter-eagles 67.7S0 00
Standard dollars 14.09S.512 «0
Haif-doilars a.2S2.417 00
Vuarter-dollars 2,fc49,774 i>
iJimes 2.002.S7S 20
Nickels 678,744 75
Cents 366.916 64
Total S97.346.U2 »4
In 1SJ3 9S.615.833 i4
The National Cashbox.
Thp statement of cash ln the United States
treasury for September 1 Is classified as fol
lows:
Reserve Fund —
Gold coin and bars $150,000.000 00
Trupt Fund-
Gold coin :3.">,975,679 CO
Silver dollars 424,212,000 00
Silver dollar* of 1SS0 2.S14.221 uu
Pilver bar? cf 1SI-0 67.S73.77S «0
United States notes 2.560.000 OC"
General Fund —
Gold coin and bars 42,676.659 «
Gold eertiScate» 20.587.310 0">
Oold bullion g, 336.273 00
Silver certificate* 4.249.49S O".
Silver bullion 202.225 23
United States notes 26,164,045 HO
Treasury nou-s of ISO 497.349 0u
National bank notes 9.676.801 5s
Fractional Filver coin 7.705,186 C3
Fractional currency 60 31
Minor coin 49S.804 73
Miscellaneous s 47,817 43
National Bank De&ciitorles—
Credit Treasurer UnIted,States.. 83.34t.3$9 17
Crtait U. S. disbursing officers... 6.717.861 Ss
Totals JL104.84L959 79
Fruit and Salmon in London.
• The London Grocers' Gazette of August 25
Fays: In Callfomlan fruits there is no fresh
feature. California^ packers have already de
clared a delivery of 75 per cent on their con
tracts for pt-ars. The salmon market has been
In an excited condition during the week and
a further considerable advance has been estab
lished, ltfith for i-almon un the spot and for
forward dt-iivery- This has been c&ured by a
maaiijT increased consumptive demand anj
the confirmation of the news that the pack ot
Krascr Kiver will certainly be a very email
ore. net more than to 160,000 cases, or
loss than one-third of the 1S9S pack. Alaska
in expected to t* a full pack, but the partial
failure of tbe Pucet- Sound pack will ca.u»e
moi-e Alaska to be taken for consumption iu
the United States.
Condition of Trade.
The New Tork circular of Henry Clews fays:
"The general eituation has presented some
«*5;>eciaJ features of interest during the week.
The very large purcha«s of 300,000 pieces or
cotton goods by a well-known manufacturer
indicates 6trong faith in the maintenance at
leasft of prevailing prices in that line. This
action relieved a condition of • affairs ln Fall
River that threatened to result ln a curtail
ment or wages of operatives, besides showing
that the market for these goods Is pafsir.f
into strong hands. In addition to and perhaps
a» ln part a cor^piement of this a large ad
vance in the price of cotton Itself has taken
pla.ee. In such proportion as to enhance the
actual value of the present crop by at leaet
thirty jnillior.* of dollars. Such accretions of
vaJuoB are apt to furnish potent argument*
egtt:n«t a reversal of national policy. The
nock market has been nomewhat Etlmulateo
by the Vermont election returns, but Wall
ctre«*t seems to show a little more disposition
to await the later developments of the cam
paign Iwfore inaugurating any pronounced
movement. Railway earnings ccnf.r.Hi- to be
gratifying to both shareholders and the gen
iral busiTieM community and money remain*
fn abundance. The movement of currency for
trop moving purposes Is a little late !n be
#rinnSnE and ought not to Influence money rat's
to any great degree in the absence of any
further export* of gold to Europe. This lat
ter movement is among the possibilities later
on. although the weakness of eteriing exchange
at the moment precludes Its immediate like
lihood. The heavy expenses under which the
Brltlfh empire Is earryln* on Its various mili
tary operations may conduce to " the flotation
of iLDOther exchequer loan later on. In which
New York financiers would most likely be In
vited to participate. These are possibilities to
be reckoned with in any prognosis of the course
of the market, which la the light of recent
reports from «J1 over the country has a founda
tion of permanent prosperity on which to rest."
Exchange and Bullion.
There Is an active movement in Mexican dol
lars at the advanced quotations..
Sterling Exchange. 60 days...... — J4 84%
Sterling Exchange, sight.......... — 4 S8
Sterling Cables — 4 S9
New York Exchange, sight...... — 03
New York Exchange, telegraphic — ; 07%
Fine Silver, per ounce — 62%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 50% <§> 51
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— New York was higher. Chicago
wai firmer, with indications of an advance.
Foreisrn advices were. firm. Local trade -was
llsht, but there was a good shipping demand,
250.000 bushels being: taken. Northwestern ad
vices continued bullish, more rain being pre
dicted, and lt Is expected that the damage in
that section will eventually become a factor.
In this market futures advanced, but spot
prices stood the same.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 05: Milling, U 07%
> CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal ¦ 8esslon---9:15 o'clock— December—
4000 ctls, $1 10%; 2000. Jl 10; 10,000. Jl 10%."
Second Session— December— 14,000 ctls, $1 10%.
Regular Morning Session — December— 2000
ctls. $1 10% ; 12,000, $1 10%. May— 2000, $1 15%.
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls,
$1 10%; 6000, $110%: 18,000, $110%. May-4000,
$1 15%; 10,000, $1 15%.
BARLEY— There is no demand for any de
scriotlon. Brewers and shippers are both out
of the market, and feed descriptions are drag
ging. Futures are neglected.
Feed, 70Q72%c for No. 1 and 65@67%c for off
grades: Brewing and Shipping grades, 77%@
S2%c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— December— No sales.
Second Session— No sales. |
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales. -
OATS — Dealers continue to report a dull and '
unchanged market.
White. $1 15@1 30; Surprise, $1 35@1 40; Red,
$1 10<Wl 20; Gray. $1 10@l 20: Black, for feed.
$1 10®l 15: for seed, $1 15©1 20 per ctl.
CORN — There are no quotations, for there Is
none hero.
RYE-87%@9Oc per ctl. The shippers would \
buy freely at 86%c Port Costa, but holders are
hanging back and ask 87%c. hence there is j
nothing doing.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs,
FLOUR— California "Family Extras. $3 60®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon and Washington, $2 75®3 10 per barrel
for family and $3 15®3 50 for bakers' ; Eastern,
$4 7505 75 per barrel.
. MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 oer 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rico Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $2 73;
extra cream &o, $3 50; Oat Groats. $4 50; Hom
iny. $3 50®3 75; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 23;
Cracked Wheat, *3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3.25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $5
©7 25: ln sacks, $5 75@7; Pearl Barley. $5;
Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Bran rules firm at the recent advance, with
lUrht stocks everywhere.
Hay continues to arrive freely, but holders
do not allow the market to decline.
BHAN— $Ufifl5 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16S1'J per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS- Rolled Barley. $161?17 r.O per
ton>Oilcake Meal at the mill. *26(iJ27: jobbing,
$27 50@28; Cocoa nut Cake, $20<g.21; Corn Meal.
$26 50: Cracked Corn. $27; Mixed Feed, $13 5&&U.
HAY — Volunteer, $4 50^7; Wheat. S10.iT-':
Wheat and Oat, $9 50011 50; Oat. $SQ-1O: Clover,
$4ff6; Alfalfa, $6@7 50; Barley. $o 5<>@S 30 tx?r
O STRAW-30@37%c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Quotations continue nominal, being
very dull.
BEANS— Baycs, $2 40(52 50; Small White, $1;
Large White. »2 £0; Pink, $2 Za@2 50; Red. $3 25;
Blackeye. $3 25; Lima. $5 15®5 25; Pea, none
here; Red Kidneys. 13 25S3 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 4c; Flax, $2<?2 20; Canary, 3%c per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,
nominal; Rape, 2%S3c; Hemp, 4®4H;c; Tim
othy. 4@4Hc.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, nominal; Green, $2 25®
2 50 per ctl; Blackeye, J2.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Everything stands about the same. AH de-
BcrlDttons are in their usual large supply, al
thoucrh rather more firmness in Tomatoes is
reported.
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles, 60c; Early Rose.
25<330c; Burbanks. 3O«J<5Oc for Rivers and
75c@$l per ctl for Salinas; Sweets, 7oc@$l for
Rivers and $1 33®1 5U for Merced.
ONIONS— Yellow. 50<365c per ctl; Pickle
Onions. 60I37SC.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn. 75c@$l per
sack, 75c@$l per crate for Berkeley and $1®
1 25 for Alameda; Green Peas. Iffi2%c per Ib;
String <Beans. 1%@2%c; Limas, 2&4c per lb;
Cabbage, 40@50c; Tomatoes. Rivers, 2OfR3Oc-
Bay, 35@40c; Egg Plant. 33®50c per box; Green
Okra, 25@40c: Green Peppers, 25®40c per box
for Chill and 40@50c for Bell; Dried Peppers,
10<@15c; Carrots, 25@35c per sack: Summer
Squaah. 23@40c for Alameda: Cucumbers, 20®
30c for Alameda; Pickles, $1@1 25 per ctl for No.
1 and 50®75c for No. 2; Garlic, 3c per lb; Mar
rowfat Squash, $S@10 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Supplies of Poultry continue in excess of mar
ket demands and prices are weak In conse
quence. ; Receipts of Eastern have been free
thus far this week.
Arrivals of Game are moderate and the mar
ket rules firm. Some Quail in bad condition
sold down to $1 per dozen, but sound sold at an
advance. I
, POULTRY— Live Turkeys. .9®llc for Gobblers
and Iiei2c for Hens: young Turkeys. 14®16c;
Geese, per pair, $1 25*31 50; Goslings, $1 50@l 75;
Ducks, $3@4 for old and $3®4 for young;
Hens, $3 50fa5; Young Roosters, $4g5; Old Roos
ters. $3 60@4; Fryers. $3©3 50; Broilers, $3 for
large and $2-8 2 SO for small: Pigeons. $1 25Q
1 &0 per dozen for old and $1 7502 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, 90c<ff$l per dozen; Cottontail
Rabbits, $1@1 25; Brush Rabbits, $1; Hare, $1@
1 25; Grouse, : Sage Hens, ; Mountain
Quail, $4 50 per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter Is firmer, receipts, especially of fancy,
being light. There Is no change ln Cheese.
Eggs are top heavy and the tendency is to
ward lower prices. Some dealers are already
shading to-fiell. -- The demand has fallen off
sharply since the holidays. . - : ¦• .,
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy Creamery, 24%@25c; extra
marks higher; seconds, 23%@24c. ; -
Dairy— Fancy, 23c; good to choice, il@22%c;
common, 17@2Oc\
Creamery tub — 20<5?22 s ,Jc per lb.
; Pickled roll— 19e20c.
Firkin— 18Q13C.
CHEESE— New, 9c; fancy, 10c; old, S@S%c:
Young America, 10@10%c; Eastern, . 13%@14c;
Western 10@12c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 17%®22%c for store and 27%
@32c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, : lS@22%c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
, There, is no further decline ln Melons. "
Fine Apples are doing rather better. Peaches,
Pears and Plums stand about the same. Sup
plies of Grapes are- not excessive and the mar
ket is steady, though not very active. -
Berries ! are quoted somewhat easier, though
higher prices are. quoted for Huckleberries.
Coos Bay Cranberries are on the market
' A car of late Valencia Oranges was offered
! at $3@4 and a car of Seedlings I at $1@1 50 per
box. . • ¦¦ ¦.-.¦¦.•¦;-- ,- ¦' -
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
APPLES— 25©3Oc per box for common and 60c
@$l 10 for good to choice.
PEARS— Bartlett, 75c<6f$l 25 per box; other va
rieties." 40® 60c per box.
QUINCES— 2357 50c per box.
CRANBERRIES— Coos Bay,' $2 50 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $3@4 50 per chest for largo
and $6(fi"S for small berries.
BLACKBERRIES— $3Sf5 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $4©5 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 2g5c per lb.
FIGS-^20<030c for single and 35@60c for double
layerboxes. •
POMEGRANATES^-50@75c per small box.
¦ PLUMS— 25<??40c per box and 35«g60c per crate.
; PEACHES— 35©65c per box ; In bulk. $20®25
per ton for freestones and clings. ..<¦'. '• -
GRAPES— Muscat, 40075c per crate; Seedless
$1#1 10 per crate: black, -40@75c; Tokay.. 40®
75c; Isabella. 5O@75c;»Wine Grapes, $15@1S for
white and $2(W?25 per ton for ZInfandel.
¦ MELONS— Nutmegs, 25®C0c per case; Canta
loupes, 50c@$l 23- per crate: Watermelons, $6@
IS. with extra large nt $20<3 ; 25 per 100.
- CITRUS FRUITS— Lemons. ¦ Jl 25®2 for com
Silver advanced again. Mexican dollars active and higher.
Another rise in Sugar.
Wheat futures higher. Spot prices unchanged.
Barley, Cats and Rye quiet.
Corn cleaned up and nominal.
Braii firm and in liglti supply.
Hay in liberal receipt, but steadily held.
Beans and Seeds nominal and unchanged.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables about the same.
Butter higher. Eggs zvcak. Cheese dull.
Poultry in liberal and Game in light supply.
Fresh Fruits unchanged and featureless.
Opening prices for Raisins awaited. Honey firm.
Provisions slack and unclianged.
Xcthing ncuj in Wool, Hops and Hides.
Hogs easy at the recent decline.
Calcutta Grain Bags held higher.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
270 Makawell 43 50
25 Makaweli 43 62%
J5000 Sacramento E. G & Ry 5 per ct btla.100 00
SO Spring Valley Water 95 87%
Afternoon Session,
j •'¦• '•' Board —
| 50 Giant Powder Con 8.1 5J
' 100 Hana Plantation Co 8 (4
50 Honokaa 30 RZ%
5 Hutchinson S P Co 25 i»
13 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co 2t aft
50 Makawell 4:: «2'i
20 Market Street Railway 87 25
• 10O Paauhau S P Co 31 W
Street—
$2000 Sacramento E O & Ry 5 per ct bda.ino Oft
125 Spring Valley Water 95 87'i
PRODUCERS' OI L EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
1000 Home Oil 4 23
Afternoon Sessloa
630 Home OU 4 23
350 California-Standard 35
100 Sterling O & D Co 1 fi
50 Twenty-eight 150
100 Twenty-eight 1 55
MINING STOCKS.
The followir.ff were the sales ln the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchanre Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Andea 07 200 Ophlr 47
200 Best & Belcher 27; 2C0 Ophlr 45
400 Challenge 20 200 Savage 13
100 Gould & Curry 36^ 1C0 Silver HIU .... 3S
700 Mexican 26!
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher IS, 300 Hale & Norc... 21
SCO Caledonia 4t! 2cO Occidental CS
800 Challenge 2O;120O Overman lt>
500 Chollar .* IS I 4oO Savage 17
100 Con Cal & Va..l 20 [ 400 Sliver Hill 37
10O Crown Point 12 1 300 Utah 05
3C0 Gould & Curry 35 300 Yellow Jacket., li
The following were the sales In Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
1CC0 Challenge Con.. 20' V) Ophlr 48
500 Chollar 20 1 MJ Sliver Hill .... 37
300 Gould & Curry 3d, 300 Yellow Jacket.. 21
400 Mexican 27i 200 Yellow Jaaket.. 20
700 Ophir 47|
Afternoon Pcs3!on.
500 Best & Belcher t3| 300 Savage IS
3>» Con Cal & V.I 17% tOOd Segr Belcher 03
100 Crown Point... 1- I'"* Silver HU1 .... 38
300 Hale & Norc... 20 20O Union Con 17
500 Justice OJ; 4«1 Yellow Jacket.. 20
2"K) Overman 10 1 !i00 Yellow Jacket.. 13
"00 Potos! Mi
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, Sept. 13—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask.] BM.Ask.
Alpha C3 C4 Justice 02 i!4
Alta — <!3'Ker.tuck — W
Andes 07 0:s Lady Wash .... — e3
Belcher 17 I 1 * Mexican 25 27
Best & Belcher 25 27! Occidental 07 W
Bullion 02 01 Ophlr 45 47
Caledonia 42 43 o-erman 0i» '<>>
Chollar 17 19Potosl H 1»
Challenge Con.. 19 2V Savage- 17 IS
Confidence "S S<> Scorpion *>2 —
Con Cr.« & Va..l 15 1 20 Segr Belcher.... P2 03
Con Imperial... 01 02! Sierra Nevada. 31 22
Con New York. — C2! Sliver Hill .... 3>J !7
Eureka Con — 4". ! St L.mi.<i 10 —
Crown Point 11 \3 Standard 3 90 —
Exchequer — 0J- Syndicate — tB
Gould & Curry 3» 3-*. Union Con 17 is
Hale & Norc... 20 22 Utah 04 05
Julia — 04! Yellow Jacket.. 13 lt
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Ey-haTe. San Francisco. C<l1..
September 13. 1000.
The time ball aa the tower of the ne^r Ferry
building was dropped nt exactly noon to-day—
I. e.. at noon of th» 12' % th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Express Companies—
Adams j24
American .". ..." .. "l52
United States 45
Wells Fargo 123
Miscellaneous— - :
American Cotton Oil 32%
¦\"~; AmerJ can Cotton Oil prefd 88Vj
LJto American Malting 4^
420 American Malting prefd 23V»
American Smelting & Refining 36'I
:~ Am Sr neltlng & Refining profd S9&
125, American Spirits -.... 1V4
••;•••• American Spirits prefd.... 17
2,26a American Steel Hoop 19>4
2.2C0 American Steel Hoop prefd 66
« American Steel & Wire 36%
KK) American Steel & Wire prefd 74Vi
2,400 American Tin Plate 27%
American Tin Plate prefd SO
400 American Tobacco 92%
2.910 American Tobacco prefd 128
220 Anaconda Mining Co 45
420 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 54%
BOO Colorado Fuel & Iron .' i 35U
£00 Continental Tobacco 26
.740 Continental Tobacco prefd 7SW,
Federal Steel 34&i
Federal Steel prefd 67
170 General Electric 140
200 Glucose Sugar 60%
Glucose Sugar prefd 7SH
115 International Paper 19* 4
- International Paper prefd 66V4
Laclede Gas ; 72
610 National Biscuit 33*4,
National Biscuit prefd.... 86
200 National Lead 17%
National Lead prefd 90
150 National Steel -. 25
National Steel prefd S5&
New York Air Brake 123
North American 15
Pacific Coast 54U
200 Pacific Coast 1st prefd 85
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 64%
100 Pacific Mail 30*4
2,000 People's Gas 90%
240 Pressed Steel Car 38V4
Pressed Steel Car prefd 71H
Pullman Palace Car 186
Standard Rope & Twine 5
2,550 Sugar 119%
Sugar prefd 116
C10 Tennessee Coal & Iron... 70
400 United States Leather 1H6
250 United States Leather prefd 70^4
2,400 United States Rubber 29U
United States Rubber prefd 92
2S5 Western Union 79%
LSSO Republic Iron & Fteel '. 12«4
110 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 53^
P C C & St Louis 66
115.7CO Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s refunding. 1 do 4s 91%
when lesued, reg. 104 N Y Cent lsts 10S&
do coup 104^4 N J Cent gen 5s....l22H
do 3s reg 1091, No Pac 3s 65H
do coup 109'^ do 4s 104).
do new 4a reg 134 X Y C & St L 4s. .107
do coup 134 Norf & W con 4s.. 9S
do old 4s reg m^i Or Nav lsts 109
do coup 115*4 do 4s 102H
do Es reg 113 Or S Line 6s 127
jo coup 113 do con 5s 114
Dls of Col 3.65b 122 Reading gen 4s ... S7V4
Atchison gen 4s... 101% R G W lsts 9S
do adj 4s 85^ St L & I M con 5S.112V4
Can So 2ds 106V4 St L & S F gen 6s.l23Vs
Ches & Ohio 4Hs.. 9KU]St Paul eons 169V»
do 6s 119%iSt P C & Pac lsts.H7H
C & NW con 7a 140 do Es 119» a
do S F deb 5s....l20>i So Pac 4s 78%
Chi Term 4s 93 South Ry 5s 109
Colo So 4s 81>4 S Rope & T 6s 67
D & R O lsts 102% Tex & Pac lsts 112%
do 4s 9SH do 2ds 55
Erie gen 4s 63%-Union Pac 4s ir»5«4
Ft W & D C lsts.. 73Vi Wabash lsts 117*4
Gen Elec 5s 120 1 do 2ds 102
Iowa Cent lsts 113 West Shore 4s 112%
L & Nash unl 4s... 99*4 Wis Cent Ista k7\i
M K & T 2ds 66% Va cent 90
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 18 Ontario 5 7b
Crown Point 12iOphir 44
Con Cal & Va 1 15'Plymouth 10
Deadwood 45 Quicksilver 1 50
Gould & Curry 35! do prefd 6 75
Haie & Norcross.. 18 Sierra Nevada .... 30
Homestake 50 00 Standard 4 00
Iron Silver 65, Union Con 17
Mexican 24: Yellow Jacket 18
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— iWeatingh Elec 4"V4
Call loans 2@3 Bonds-
Time loans 3g4}4 Aichlson 4a 39
Stocks— * N E G & Coke 5s. 60W
Atchison 27% Mining shares
do prefd 70U Adventure 24H
Am Kugar HSft Allouez Mln Co.... 1%
do prefd 116 lAmalg Copper .... 88
Bell Telephone 142%! Atlantic 23%
Boston Elevated... 14SVj! Boston & Mont 320
Boston & Maine... lSS» s 'Butte & Boston 62
C B & Q 124T» Calumet & Hecla..745
Dom Coal 28 .Centennial 16
Fed Steel 24% Franklin 14%
do prefd 67 Humboldt 25
Ed Elec 111 210 lOsceola 67^
Mex Cent ! Parrot 42
Mich Telephone ... S3 Quincy 145
N E Gas & Coke.. 9 Santa Fe Copper.. U%
Old Colony 204 Tamarack 221
Old Dominion 17% Utah Mining 30%
Rubber 29Vi Winona 2%
Union Pacific 57^ Wolverines 42
West End 93%
London Market.
NETW YORK. Sept. 13.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The public utterly failed to follow the lead
given yesterday in the markets here, conse
quently a general reaction set ln to-day. Busi
ness was unimportant in volume. Restraining
influences were fears of dearer money and
of trouble In China and the railway labor war.
The announcement that a strike had been or
dered in the coal regions depressed Americans
and there Is some inclination among the mar
ket leaders here to believe that the strike will
prove a fizzle. Money closed hard and Berlin
discounts were up. The bank received £5000
gold in bars. Silver was higher on Calcutta
buying, believed here to be buying ln of ba
zaars by the Indian Government. The bazaar
I'rlce was 74.
closing
Atchison. 2ST4: Canadian Pacific, 93%: Union
Pacific preferred. 76?i: Northern Pacific pre
ferred. 739i; Grand Trunk, 7%; Anaconda. 9V4:
Rand Mines, 41H- Bar silver, firm, 2S 15-ltid
per ounce. Money, 2Q2\4 per cent.
A T ezu York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Sspt. 13. — Close: Money on call,
steady, at Hi per cent; prime mercantile paper,
4@5% per cent. Sterling, exchange weak, with
actual business ln bankers' bills at $4 S6% for
demand and at $4 S3» 4 ©4 84 for sixty days; post
ed rates. $4 S4fi4 84H and 14 87<i®4 88; commer
cial bills, $4 82V4@4 83. Silver certificates, 62V4
@€3V 2 c. Bar sliver. £2»ic. Mexican dollars,
49»<ic. Government bonds, easier: State bonds.
Inactive; railroad bonds, irregular.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 13.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances ln the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve*
ln the division of redemption, shows: Available
cash balance, $134,471,745; gold, J72.106.S06.
CHICAGO. Sept. IS. — Wheat was strong
through the session and trade generally was
animated. October opened V4@%c higher at
74?4©74%c and easily advanced to 75%c. Higher
cables from Liverpool and light Northwest re
ceipts were the principal factors. Later heavy
export sales were reported and the market ral
lied sharply, October to 75Tfcc, which was also
the closing quotation.
Corn started weak, for although the opening
was higher a dip followed immediately, the
bears selling In imitation of the elevator In
terests. The cash business caught the market
and a sharp rally followed. Wheat strength
was also a help. "October closed %c higher at
39Hc.
Oats followed corn. October closed V&OUc
higher at 21%&22c.
A large run of hogs had a depressing effect
on the provision market. There was some re
covery from the bottom on the grain strength
and the close was steady. October pork closed
6c lower, lard 2^®5c down and ribs 2V»c de
pressed.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
on the Metal Exchange was of a hand to mouth
character. Tin, locally lost all of the advance
scored ' yesterday, owing to" a decline of 15s In
London, and closed easy at $30 nominal. Pig
iron warrants ruled dull with nothlnit doing
on the basis i of $9 37%@10 37H- Copper was
tlrm here at $16 70@17 and unchanged abroad.
Lead was dull at $4 Z~V 2 . and spelter easy at
yesterday's decline on the basis of $4@4 10. The
brokers' price for lead was J4 and for cop
per $16 87^4.
WHEAT— Spot— Firm; No. 2 red Western win
ter. 6s »4d; No. 1 Northern spring. 6s Hd; No. 1
California, 6s Ed@6s 5^d. Futures — Quiet; Sep
tember, 6s Id; December. 6s 6%d.
CORN — Spot — Firm; American mixed new, 4s
3%d: American mixed old, nominal. Futures —
September.- 4s Ud; November, 4s 3^4d; Decem
ber, 4s-;&d. . _
CLOSING.
28%d; French rentes, lOlf 12%c; cargoes on pas
sage, nominal, unchanged; cargoes No. 1 stand
ard California," 31s 6d; cargoes Walla Walla.
30s 3d: English country markets, firm.
LIVERPOOL. Sent. 13.— Wheat, steady: No.
1 t standard California, 6s 5d®6s 5V4d: French
country markets, firm; - weather ln England,
splendid. -
COTTON— TJolands, 7%d.
Steamer Movements.
ARRIVKD
Thursday. September tS.
U S strar Solace. Wlnslow. 35 daya from Yo
kohama, via Guam 26 days, via Honolulu 7
days.
Stmr Cleone. lladsen. 20 hours from Hardy
Creek.
Stmr A.'cx Dtmcan. Guthrie. S hours frcrt
Pieeon Point. 1
Stmr Mackinaw. Littlefieia. S2 hours from Se!
attle. ¦'
Stmr Noyo. Johnson. J4 hour* from Fort
Brags.
Stmr Pomona. Shea. 19 hours from Kurek*.
Continued on Page Eleven.
rO ARRIVE
The only change worthy of remark on the j
Bond Exchange was an advance in Makawel!
to $13 62V4- Trading was light.
On the Oil Exchange Home Oil continued
active and quotations advanced again to $4 2b.
Th« Oceanic Oil Company will pay a dividend
of 1 per cent on the 17th.
The following dividends will be paid on the
13th: Ktlauea Sugar. 25 cents; Oakland On,
25 cents; Pacific Telephone. 40 cents: Sunset
Telephone, 25 cents; Oakland. San Leandro and
Hay Wards Railroad, 20 cents; Presidio Rail
road, 10 cents.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. SeDt. 13-2 p. m.
4s quar coup..H5?ill6?i 4s do cd new.. 134 133
4s do reg 114%115% 3s do coup lCSijUOH
MISCELLANEOUS BONOS.
r*i-c Cub s«.n < !4 — Oak Water ... — 103 '
C C Water 5s.lO7 — Oceanic S Co.. 107 —
Ed L & P 6S..12UH — om «. Kv »». ..ia, _
K & Cl Ry 6».. — — Pao G Imn 4s.ioiH —
Geary-st R 5s. — 90 P ft Cl Ky «s.NM —
H C & S 5^s. — — P & O R R JN.ns -
Do 5s — 106 Powell-st R 6sllSl4 —
L A Ry 6s — lOSVi Sac El G&R3s.iOO _
L A Lt Co 6s. — — S F & SJV 5s.ll9i: _ I
Do gntd 6».. — — *»?...-, .,, Sa i- i
L A gntd 5a... 100 102Vi S P of A 6s.'m«Uli4 i
UPRR 5s. - 101 s >. , 6 , ,£*> '
Mflrket-st «- .I'-'MSO I (Series A) _ n? l
Do 1st M SS.117U - i.o ."ri«KHr? _
N C .N U K I.. - — S P C fn fl9Q6) H*x _
NR 0/ Cat 6S.US _ Do (1912) ...iuOH _
DO 5 11SK - S P K l»l gntd - _
N P C R R 6S.101 - S P Br 6s i«v I
Do Bs 107 — S V Water "6s" ii : 'u _
N Cal Ry S«.. — 111% Do 4* loa irnv
Oak O L & H.111H .-, d2 3d mtg".""^ - *
Oak Tran CS..1K — iStocktn Gas «, _ i.« u
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 6S*i 70 Spring Valley 93Ti art/
Mann County, ol*, — «"»ey. »j^ 36'^
GAS AMD ELECTRIC STOTTC<5
Cent a L Co.. - _. Pac Tj Co i-
MU G ua xl f h°: K b iS? n^§g T 6 °^
Pac Gas Imp.. 52% 53 U U A fc co lu -
. INStrUANCB STOCKS.
Flren»'s*Fund.22S — I
BANK STOCKS *
1 Anglo-Cal Ltd 68 — |Lo n pi . ,-
Bank of Cal... 403 _ M.rchant^ Ex"f* ~
<v». >< l» * .- .i^ K-ev Nat Bk
First National2S5 300 | K '" "" —
SAVINGS BANKS
h^s^l 1 ! 50 -- 19 !! !B£ r^2 n
WjftiiSiBJg !^-tco::::z i
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS
California .....1*3 — |O S L & H '— *-,
Geary-st - 50 | Presidio ."."I."- pu,
Market-st 67 67% "**
PO\VDEK STOCKS,
rallf^r^'a .. .. -- \V>v, \ Vigorit *v 111
Giant Con Co. 854 8S I 8 3 * s 3H
S' «JAR STOCKS
i S ana ,- S » P «, C £- 7T/i s^ KHauea SP Co - 22
Haw C & S Co.— SI Makawell S Co «si II
Honokaa S Co. 30«i 31 OnomTa S C^ ll -
Hutch S P Co. 25 - Paauhau S Ca 31 -
V . -MISCFLI.ANEOUS .S1.H.K&
At Pack Aasn.120% — !Pac A F a 1% —
Cal Fruit Assn 37 - Pac C Bor Co! 130 131^
Oceanic S^ 93 [ni^Z^ M - Vv ¦"¦" ;
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Honokaa S Co... ....VJ...V. . 30 50
25 Makawell .....'.. 43 S
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given ln th« left
hand column and- the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. TIf
second time column gives the secon>l tide nt
the day. the third time column the third Uda
and the last or right hand column gives th«
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings en th«
1'nlted States Coast Survey chart.*, except
when a minus sign ( — > precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
mon and $2 50@3 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $5 50<g6; Bananas. $1 50®: 50 per bunch:
Pineapples. $1 50@3 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The trade are now waiting for the opening 1
prices on Raisins, but It Is not known when
they will- be announced.
Honey rules firm and small jobbers are quot
ing still higher prices.
Fruit continues quiet. The opposition to the
opening prices for Prunes in New York has not
YZ* T"?L ted ,. ln any Eetbs "* to the market,
though the demand Is not very keen
r n FR .P T r?T n Prunes - Santa tiaras. 4 sizes. 3c; 40
50s. 7c; 50-bOs, 5 l /ic; 60-70?, 3?;c; 70-SOs 3U»- 80
*©«. 2?ic; SO-lCCs. 2V;c; 100s and over. 2c- rubles
He premium; Sonomas Vic and San Joaquina Uc
less than Santa Claras, except 100s and over
which stand the same.- Apricots, 6%'SSUu fof
Royals and 10®12c for Moorparks; Evaporated
Apples, 0 <g6c; sun-dried, 3@4c; Peaches, Utffttta
for standard. 6#6%c for choice and 7@8c for '
fancy; Pears. 4^7c; Plums, pitted. 5©Sc- un-
F,V% d ' IS IHc: Nectarines. 5®»Hc for red and
5%6Cc for white. ¦
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's fancy per
1b, 10c; choice. 9c; standard.. 8c; prime &;• un- i
bleached Thompson's, per 1b 6e. Sultanas
Fancy, per lb, s'fcc: choice, 7V4c;,standard 6«-Ic
prime, jc; unbleached Sultanas. 5c; Seedless
50-lb boxes. 5c; 2-crown loose Muscatels 5tie
3-crown. <!Ue; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers' 2
crown, $150 per box; 3-crown- $1 SO- Fancv
Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $! ;.0; Imperial. $3. All
prices f.-j.b. at common shipping points la Cal
ifornia. <
NUTS— Walnuts. S^lO^c for standards and 9
®llc for softshells; new Almonds, 12@13i4e for
paper shell, 9te<gl0c for Kastern and 5®6c for
California; Brazil Nuts, ligi'^c; Filberts. 12®
13c: Pecans, ll@13c: Cocoanuts, $3 50<35.
HONEY— Comb, 13314c for bright and 12H«
for light amber; water white extracted 741®
Sc; light amber extracted, 7®"V4c: dark 636Sc
per lb. . " .-
BEES WAX-:if 26c per lb.
Provisions.
The demand continues slack and quotations
stand unchanged. - .
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10%c per lb for
heavy. He for light medium. 12H<= for light, 13c
for extra light and 15c for sugar-cured; East
j ern sugar-cured Hams. 12V»c; Mess Beef. $12 per
bbl; extra Mess. $13; Family. $14; extra Prime
Pork, $15 60; extra clear. $19; Mess $16 50
i Smoked Beef, 12H@13c per It).
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and 9e for pure; half-barrels, pure. 9iic
10-lb tins, 9%c; 5-lb tins. 9%c.
COTTOLENE— One-half barrel. 8%c: three
half-barrels. 8%c; one tierce, 8%c; two tierces.
8Uc; nve tierces, SV4c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Quotations for all descriptions remain undis
turbed and the market Is quiet all around.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 8%@9c; .medium. S*ic; light. 8c; Cow
hides, 8c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 15c; Dry Calf,
15c; culls and brands. 12c: Sheepskins, Shear
lings, 20(530c each: short Wool, 30©i0c each: me
dium. 60©80c; long Wool. 90c@$l 10 each; Horse
Hides, salt, $2®2 25 for large. $1 75 for medium.
$1 for small and 5Cc for colts; Horse hides, dry.
$1 50 for large, $1 25 for medium, $1 for small
and 23@50c for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red
skins, 35c; fall or medium skins, 30c; winter or
thin skins, 20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras. 75c;
large and smooth. 50c; medium. 23c.
TALLOW-Xo. 1 rendered. 4g4»ic per lb; No.
2. 3ft3Hc; grease. 2f2',4c.
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern, free. 15@16c: Northern, defective. 12@
14c; Middle County, free. 14316c; Middle Coun
ty, defective. 12@14c; Southern Mountain. 12
months', ll@i2c; Southern Mountain, free, 7
months', ll@12c; Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months', 9@lle; Humboldt and Mendoclno, 18
@17c: Nevada. 13©16c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln. 6%@Sc: do Lambs'. 8
©Sc; Middle County. 9@llc per lb.
HOPS— Old, nominal at ofllOc per lb; new,
10@12c.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hogs are easy at the decline already men
tioned. Otherwise there is nothing new.
BEEF-E®5c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL-Lerg^. 7SSc: small, SV4@9Hc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7Vs<gSc; ewes, K&V&C per
pound.
LAMB-Sprlng. 8i4<39c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 5*ie for small. 5%e for me
dium and SVic for large: stock Hogs and feed
ers. 5g5Vic; dressed Hogs, S^S^c
I General Merchandise.
\ BAGS — Calcutta Bags are held firmer, owing
to an Improvement ln the primary market.
San Quentin Bags, |5 6i; Calcutta Grain Bags,
5%c: Wool Bags. Z$M'331\ic: Fleece Twine.
7',4e; Fruit Bags. 6<ai?6»ic for white and $K®
&%c for bleached jute.
COALr- Wellington. $3 per ton: Southfleld
Wellington. $»: Seattle. $7; Bryant, $7; Coos
Bay. $3 30; Wallsend, $5; Co-operative Wall
send. J9; Cumberland. $12 ln bulk and $13 ZS In
sucks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14: Can
nel. $11 per ton; Coke, $16 per ton in bulk and
$H In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
tS 45 per 2CC0 lbs, and $S 50 per ton, according
to brand.
SUGAR — Prices have again advanced. The
"Western Sugar Refining Company quotes, per
lb. in .""Mb bags: Cubes. A Crushed and Fine
Crusheo., j K'2; Powdered, 8.50c; Candy Granu
lated. 6.50c: Dry Granulated. 6.40c: Confection
ers' A, 6.40c: Magnolia A. 6c; Extra C. 5.90c;
Golden C. 5.&0c; barrels, 10<; more; half-barrels.
25c more; boxes. 50c more; 50-lb bags. 10c more.
No orders taken for less than 75 barrels i»r its
equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrels. 7.15c; boxes,
7.10c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY. SEPTEMBER 13.
Flour, qr sks.... 5.500 Sugar, ska 1.940
Wheat, ctls 3.S9T Eggs, doz 9.000
Barley, ctls 3.7S0 Leather, rolls .. 51
Oats, etls 1,399 Lime, bbls 273
Rye, ctls 607 Wine, gals 30,500
Cheese, ctls 138 i Wool, bags 61
Butter, ctls 171 Hops, bales 3
Tallow, ctls 221IPelts. bdls 2.SW
Potatoes, sks .... 6.916 j Hides, No 33S
Beans, sks l.COulStraw, tons 10
Onions.- sks 550!Hay, tons 777
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1900.
LOCAL MARKETS.
/Foreign Futures.
Nezu York Grain and Produce.
Shipping Intelligence.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
8
THE STOCK MARKET.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
TO SAIL.
Articles— Open. Hlch. Low.
V.'heat No. Z—
September 74V4 7G*i 74^
October 74ft 75% 74%
November 75% 76% 75V4
Corn No. 2—
September 40% ¦ 40% 40
October 3874 39% 38V4
November 36',; 36% 86
Oats No. 2—
September 21% 21% 21%
October 21% .22 21%
November 22Vb 22V* 21 54 '
Mess Pork, per barrel-
October 1140 1160 1140
January ...'. 11 25 11 37^4 11 25
Lard, per 100 pounds-
October 6 90 6 92H 6 77tf
November 6 75 6 80 6 75
January 66714 6 62% 6 55
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
September 7 40 7 42^ 7 32^4
October 7 35 7 37Vi 7 32H
January 5 97V4 6 02H 6 97^4
Close.
75%
75%
76%
40%
39 Vi
36%
21%
2214
11 47%
1137*
6 S2Vi
6 80
6 62%
7 37%
7 37*
6 02*4
AY
C.MD1
4.
Sun rises .
Sob sets ..
Moon rises
£ iTime!
* I I
? H W)
Tlt' !
Time
II W
'imej
n
!t ... 4:031
15 ... 5:19j
16 ... 6:r>!
4.2J
4.1
4.21
.4
2
10:14;
11:28!
IL W\
¦ r
r w|
17 ...( 0:32
':.
4.4!
e:;f»
IS ...I 1:3!
7:2^!
19 ... 2:1B|
4.»!
2i ;.
8:29!
>0 ..\ 2:.-,T!
5
. Steamer. | Fron
1
Coos Bay Newport
Nippon Maru.. China and Ja
Titar.Ia Xanalmo
Mlneola ; Xanaimo
Progreso Oyster Harbc
Washtenaw iTaeoma
Walla Walla... I Victoria
Rureka iHumboldt
Kmplre ICoos Bay
Statp of Cal.... j Port land
Arcata 'Coos Bay
Corona jSan Dlejto —
North Fork iHumboldt
Bonlta |Xewr>ort
Pomona jllumboldt....
Colon JNew York —
Herotlot iHamburg
I.'mattlla I Victoria
Robt. AdamjoniXanalmo
Coquille River. 'Grays Harboi
Santa Rosa — 'San Dleso —
St. Paul ICape Nome..
W. H. KruserJTlllamook....
Point Arena (Point Arena..
Crescent Clty..!Creseer.t City
ipan.
or
>r
. J Se 1
"is*
..iSe-
.. ¦- ! ' > :
. !?ei
..'?e;
. .!3e;
. ! Se]
,.!Sei
,.iSei
-ISe;
Jsin
,.l5ei
.|Sc]
.. Se]
¦ ?<"¦
..ISei
?p-
IP»
!P>
<p.
'P.
ep.
P-
¦P-
•p-
•;>¦
¦r>-
¦?¦
'P-
•p.
¦p-
¦p-
•p-
'?•
•p.
¦p-
•p.
•p
M
M
. IS
, 19
1.".
1«
M
U
n
n
IT
IS
19
n
a
19
19
. 1!>
!">
2»
n
?i
81
21
Steamer. I Destlt
latlon. | Sail*. j Pier.
Santa Rosa! San Dl
Pomona ...[Humbo
Doric iChina*
Columbia ..{Portlar
Newburg .- !r: rn V3
Rival JWlllap;
Del Xorte..:Port!ar
Coos ¦Bay..lN>wpoi
Eureka ....IHumbo
Empire |Cooa B
Pt. Arena.. I Point .'
Newport ...I New Yi
Walla W...|Vlctorl
Corona ....iSan Dii
Arcata [Coos lit
Australia ..iHoivMu
Iaqua Humilio
State Cal.. Portlar
W. KruscrTlllamf
O. Dollar.. 'Grays J
Bonita ....INewiw
North ForkiHumbo
1*1
a
n>
)T\
la
Ai
'o:
in
to
Ul
ul
ol
Til
II
in
.(ro [Sep. 14. 11 am:Pler 11
lilt Wep. 1"-. 2pmiPler 9
.-Japan Sep. jr.. 1 pmiPMSS
•rl i^ep. l.">. 11 am!Pier 21
•farbor .-^ep. IS, 5 pm'PIer 13
» Har.|P«p. 15. 5 pmfPier 2
,j i.Sep. 16. 1!) amIPier 2
¦t !Sep. 16. 9am'P!erll
Idt !S«>P. 17. lOam'.Pler 13
»y !Sep. 17. 12 m|PteT W
.rena-.jSep. IT. 2 pmiPter 2
jrk pep. IS. i: m PMSS
i ]Sf p. IS. 11 am! Pier 9
•go pep. IS. 11 am'Pler 11
iy Sep. 13. 12m'Pierl3
lu 'Sep. 19. 2pm!Pler 7
lilt JSep. 1>. 5 pm Pier !
(I iSep. », 11 am Pier Zi
»ok ISep. 20.
larborlSep. 21,
t tSep. 20. , 9amlPler 11
Wt Ifpp. 71. 9am!Pier 3
AY
C.MD1
4.
Sun rises .
Sob sets ..
Moon rises
£ iTime!
* I I
? H W)
Tlt' !
Time
II W
'imej
n
!t ... 4:031
15 ... 5:19j
16 ... 6:r>!
4.2J
4.1
4.21
.4
2
10:14;
11:28!
IL W\
¦ r
r w|
17 ...( 0:32
':.
4.4!
e:;f»
IS ...I 1:3!
7:2^!
19 ... 2:1B|
4.»!
2i ;.
8:29!
>0 ..\ 2:.-,T!
5
Articles— Open. Hlch. Low.
V.'heat No. Z—
September 74V4 7G*i 74^
October 74ft 75% 74%
November 75% 76% 75V4
Corn No. 2—
September 40% ¦ 40% 40
October 3874 39% 38V4
November 36',; 36% 86
Oats No. 2—
September 21% 21% 21%
October 21% .22 21%
November 22Vb 22V* 21 54 '
Mess Pork, per barrel-
October 1140 1160 1140
January ...'. 11 25 11 37^4 11 25
Lard, per 100 pounds-
October 6 90 6 92H 6 77tf
November 6 75 6 80 6 75
January 66714 6 62% 6 55
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
September 7 40 7 42^ 7 32^4
October 7 35 7 37Vi 7 32H
January 5 97V4 6 02H 6 97^4
Close.
75%
75%
76%
40%
39 Vi
36%
21%
2214
11 47%
1137*
6 S2Vi
6 80
6 62%
7 37%
7 37*
6 02*4
. Steamer. | Fron
1
Coos Bay Newport
Nippon Maru.. China and Ja
Titar.Ia Xanalmo
Mlneola ; Xanaimo
Progreso Oyster Harbc
Washtenaw iTaeoma
Walla Walla... I Victoria
Rureka iHumboldt
Kmplre ICoos Bay
Statp of Cal.... j Port land
Arcata 'Coos Bay
Corona jSan Dlejto —
North Fork iHumboldt
Bonlta |Xewr>ort
Pomona jllumboldt....
Colon JNew York —
Herotlot iHamburg
I.'mattlla I Victoria
Robt. AdamjoniXanalmo
Coquille River. 'Grays Harboi
Santa Rosa — 'San Dleso —
St. Paul ICape Nome..
W. H. KruserJTlllamook....
Point Arena (Point Arena..
Crescent Clty..!Creseer.t City
ipan.
or
>r
. J Se 1
"is*
..iSe-
.. ¦- ! ' > :
. !?ei
..'?e;
. .!3e;
. ! Se]
,.!Sei
,.iSei
-ISe;
Jsin
,.l5ei
.|Sc]
.. Se]
¦ ?<"¦
..ISei
?p-
IP»
!P>
<p.
'P.
ep.
P-
¦P-
•p-
•;>¦
¦r>-
¦?¦
'P-
•p.
¦p-
¦p-
•p-
'?•
•p.
¦p-
•p.
•p
M
M
. IS
, 19
1.".
1«
M
U
n
n
IT
IS
19
n
a
19
19
. 1!>
!">
2»
n
?i
81
21
Steamer. I Destlt
latlon. | Sail*. j Pier.
Santa Rosa! San Dl
Pomona ...[Humbo
Doric iChina*
Columbia ..{Portlar
Newburg .- !r: rn V3
Rival JWlllap;
Del Xorte..:Port!ar
Coos ¦Bay..lN>wpoi
Eureka ....IHumbo
Empire |Cooa B
Pt. Arena.. I Point .'
Newport ...I New Yi
Walla W...|Vlctorl
Corona ....iSan Dii
Arcata [Coos lit
Australia ..iHoivMu
Iaqua Humilio
State Cal.. Portlar
W. KruscrTlllamf
O. Dollar.. 'Grays J
Bonita ....INewiw
North ForkiHumbo
1*1
a
n>
)T\
la
Ai
'o:
in
to
Ul
ul
ol
Til
II
in
.(ro [Sep. 14. 11 am:Pler 11
lilt Wep. 1"-. 2pmiPler 9
.-Japan Sep. jr.. 1 pmiPMSS
•rl i^ep. l.">. 11 am!Pier 21
•farbor .-^ep. IS, 5 pm'PIer 13
» Har.|P«p. 15. 5 pmfPier 2
,j i.Sep. 16. 1!) amIPier 2
¦t !Sep. 16. 9am'P!erll
Idt !S«>P. 17. lOam'.Pler 13
»y !Sep. 17. 12 m|PteT W
.rena-.jSep. IT. 2 pmiPter 2
jrk pep. IS. i: m PMSS
i ]Sf p. IS. 11 am! Pier 9
•go pep. IS. 11 am'Pler 11
iy Sep. 13. 12m'Pierl3
lu 'Sep. 19. 2pm!Pler 7
lilt JSep. 1>. 5 pm Pier !
(I iSep. », 11 am Pier Zi
»ok ISep. 20.
larborlSep. 21,
t tSep. 20. , 9amlPler 11
Wt Ifpp. 71. 9am!Pier 3
COHN & BEAUCHAMP. Auctioneers.
Will self TO-DAY (FRIDAY). September 14.
NICE. NEW OAK FURNITURE of flat 303
Hyde St.. at 11 o'clock a. m. Two Extension
Tables. 12 Chairs, nice, new Range, etc., etc.
COHN & BEAUCHAMP, Auctioneers.
AUCTION SALE by electric light. TUES-
DAY EVENING. September IS. 19C0. at 7:3J.
One hundred h^ad ot splendid horses; young
and well broken: suitable for all purposes: now
on exhibition. Occidental Horse Exchange, 7-1
Howard st.The action by which ZIck Abrams
sought to~ secure a/writ of mandate com
pelling Chief .Sullivan to remove officers
from : the plaintiff's Ellis-street poolrooms
was dismissed yesterday by George . D.
Collins, attorney for the plaintiff. ,
Abrams Drops His Suit.
Worked the Half-Interest Game,
Joseph Plqulnez. alias Banforth. who
was mixed up in the Kern-Kenny half-
Interest swindle some time ago, waa ar
rested last night and placed in the tanks
in the City Prison. The arrest was at the
instance of J. H. "Wilkinson, who claims
that PIquinez defrauded him in a half
intereet deal. Piqulnez conducts the Pa
cific Business Eschanga at 1016 Markti
street.
Storage for Crude Petroleum.
Users of petroleum as fuel.: as 'decided
vesterday' by the Fire Committee^ must
store the dangerous stuff in tanks located
under direction of the Fire Marshal and
buried at least seven feet in the ground.
Will Change Name of a Street.
City Engineer Grunsky recommended
yesterday to the Board of Public 'Works
that all that portion of H street between
Flrpt and Second avenues and all of that
portion of Frederick street between First
end t?«-cond avenues be hereafter known
end d^fienated as II street.
City Journal.
One of the trustees of the Astor estate
authorizes a statement to set at rest cer
tain rumors as to Mrs. William Astor's
financial statue. He said she has an an
nual income of $50,000 from a trust set
aside by her h-usband. and. in addition,
she enjoys a large annual Income from
her son's estate. The securities set aside
to provide the $50,000 a year have been so
remunerative that there is a large sur
plus, and the friendly suit lately begun
was to determine what was to be dona
with this extra money. One thing is cer
tain, and that is that Mrs. Astor has
enough to keep the wolf from her door
for the term of her natural Ufa. — Tfai-a^^
Mrs. Astor Isn't Hard TJp.
F. Leffler, contractor, j 1703 [ Pag-e street,
was walking along, the corridor in the
City Hall opposite the Auditor's office
yesterday morning/ when . he was struck
on the head by a plank which a painter
employed in painting, the walls allowed to
slip from his grasp. : The blow knocked
Leffler' down. ; He was taken to the-Re
ceiving Hospital' and had" a lacerated
wound in' his Rcalp stitched and dressed. .
Leffler Has a Surprise.
Deputy Fish Commissioner Kercheval
yesterday confiscated 110 fresh salmon
which A. Trappinl had concealed in a barn
at Francisco street and : Montgomery
avenue. To-day Deputy Kercheval will
auDly for a warrant for Trappinl's arrest.
Violated Fish Law.
New Schogl Building for Orphanage.
The San Francisco Presbyterian
Orphanage and Farm Corporation met at
the building of the Occidental board on
Sacramento street yesterday afternoon
and authorized the immediate erection ot
a school building: in connection with the
orphanage at San Anselmo. The new
building is made necessary by the in
creased enrollment In the institution.
There are at present 132 children at the
orphanage. The schoolroom consists of
dismal, unhealthy quarters in the base
ment, which physicians have, declared
unfit for either scholars or teachers to
labor in.
Prospective Graphite Works.
Mayor Phelan is in receipt of a com
munication from T. C. Chamberlain, pres
ident of the Copper Cliff Mining Company
of Ironwood. Michigan, asking as to the
possibility of locating oo- the coast a
/rraphite manufactory. The letter states
the company has a supply of the best
raw material yet discovered sufficient to
supply demands for a century. Mr.
Chamberlain states it is the intention of
the company to manufacture everything
that can ho made from graphite. ,
At the meeting of the parade committee
of the semi-centennial celebration last
night the Judges appointed to pass upon
the merit of the school children in the
parade awarded the prize, a handsome
Bilk banner, to the Horace Mann Gram
mar Bchool.
School Children's Prize.
Special Officers Are Generous.
Chief Sullivan yesterday afternoon re
ceived 1106 from twenty-nine special of
ficers, being their contribution to the
fund for the benefit of the wife and chil
dren of Special Officer Nichols, who was
Bhot by a burglar at Sansome and Mer
chant streets about four weeks ago.
Tucker, the railroad man. was on the
mountain division of the Maine Central
Railroad, and looked over the grounds of
one of the utations. Nothing more than
the usual conversation passed, and he re
turned to his car and went back to Port
land. Nearly a year passed before he had
occasion to call at the station again, and
then he stepped oft the car and asked
pleasantly:
"Do you have ail the help you want
"Yes. sir: all that we need."
"Quite sure you have enough?"
"Yes. sir: there Is not much to be done
at so small a station."
r "Well, I feared you were rushed and
could not find time to remove that pile of
old bricks I saw the last time I was nere."
With that the peneral manager of the
road stooped over the pile of bricks and
without removing his kid gloves continued
the- work until the last one was piled up.—
New York Tribune.
Several years ago the late Parson
A Watchful manager.
Rev. Herbert S. Blgolow of Cincinnati
spoke la*t night at Metropolitan Temple
upon the subject. "Stealing' as a Fine
Art." The San Francisco Singl* Tax So
ciety bad the affair in hand and a large
audience listened to a very interesting ad
dress. Mr. Blgelow said that one way of
getting money without earning- it was to
take advantage of some unjust law which
confers the legal privilege of robbing our
fallow men. He said lhat the kind of ex
pansion he believed In was that of taking
the tax off Industries and placing it on
the lard so as to make it unprofitable to
hold the land out of us»e. The Declaration
of Independence applied to Industrial con
ditions, he believed, would brine more
glory to the old flag than all the islands
of the p^as.
Stealing as a Fine Art.
Senorita Alice Carranza, who was ar
rested on September 5 for cruelty to ani
mals, appeared before Judge Conlan yes
terday and her case was continued till
next Tuesday. The young girl, as she Is
only 15 yrars of age. was In the habit of
pouring boiling water on captive rata.
Cruelty Case Continued.
A competitive examination under the
rules of the Civil Service Commission of
applicants for positions as experienced
clerk3 in the office of -the Tax Collector,
including the license collection office,
will be held in the Girls' High School,
Geary and Scott streets. September 26,
lf>00 at 8 p. m. All applications must be
filed by Saturday. September 22, 1900. at
6 p. m., at which hour the lists will close.
Civil Service Examination.
An order wa.' issued a week ag-o by
Judge Cook commanding- Mrs. Nettie R.
Craven to appear in court to-day to be
arraigned on a charge of forgery.
Unlo*« Mrs. Craven appears voluntarily
In answer to the order a bench warrant
¦will issue, and she will if found be
brought into court a prisoner of the
Sheriff.
It is probable that Mrs. Craven is able
to obey the summons, as it Is rumored
that the ex-schoolteacher registered at a
downtown hotel a few nights ago with a
female companion.
Fails to Appear On
Bench "Warrant Will Issue If She
NETTIE R. CRAVEN'S CASE
WILL BE CALLED TO-DAY
M. F. Cope, a conductor on the San
Francisco and San Mateo electric road,
swore to a complaint in Judge Cabaniss'
court yesterday for. the arrest of "John
Doe" Riley on a charge of battery. On
Wednesday night Riley and another man
boarded Code's car at Thirtieth street.
They handeO him transfers which were
useless, and when Cope stopped the car
to put them off Riley struck him several
times on th« face.
Battered a Conductor.
LONDON, Sept. 13.— At the racing of
the Doncaster September meeting to-day
the Corporation selling handicap plate of
200 sovereigns for 3-year-ol-s and upward
was» won by Remember Me, ridden by
Rigby, who. also on Tin : Soldier tied for
first place. in the race for the Rous plate
of, 500 sovereigns for 2-year-old8. the ty
ing horse being Quest. . The Portland of
500 sovereigns added to a handicap sweep
stake of 10 sovereigns each for 3-year-olds
and' upward was won by the: Prince of
Wales' chestnut horse Lucknow, on which
Tod Sloan had the mount.
LONDON, Sept. 13.— The United States
Charge d'Affalres. Henry White, protest
ed at the Foreign Office to-day asalnst
the treatment ro which Mrs. Mary Rowe
of Denver has heen subjected, by the po
lice of Westpate-on-the-Sea. X
On September 9 she was arrested,, ac
cused of smuggling, and was searched at
the local police station by men.
Mrs. Rowe alleges she suffered indigni
ties, was not allowed to communicate
with friends and was locked over nlsht.
Her nephew, Mr. Gowd. who is a promi
nent resident of Westgate-on-the-Sea.
and who married a daughter of former
Senator Rollins t)f New Hampshire, got
Mrs. Rowe out of the police station and
induced the United States embassy to
protest. The pcllce say it is a case of
mistaken Identity.
— '• ¦—
AWARDS AT SACRAMENTO.
Persons and Firms Receiving Medals
at the State Fair.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 13.— The following
gold medal awards were made to-day:
Johnllennlgan, Woodland, best exhibit of
draft horses.
C. A. Durfee, Los Angreles, best exhibit of
standard bred trotters, consisting of McKlnney
and his get.
Joseph Marzen. Lovelocks. New, best ex
hibit of livestock other than horses (shorthorn
and Hereford cattle).
John Sparks, Reno, Nev., special gold medal
for herd of Hereford*.
Henry. Glide, Sacramento, special Bold medal
for flock of Ramboulette sheet*.
James Whittaker, Gait, souvenir cup for herd
of Hereford*.
A.' Melster A Sons Company, Sacramento,
best display of machinery, implements, etc.;
buggies and carriages. *¦>
Uenlcia' Agricultural Works, Benlcla, sou
venir plate for best display of agricultural Im
plements. . .
"VVelnstock, Lublm & Co., Sacramento, beet
exhibit dry goorts and textile fabrics.
Holbrook, Merrill & Stetson, Sacramento,
best exhibit of .mechanical products, hardware,
etc.
John Breuner Co.. Sacramento, souvenir cup
for excellence of exhibit, household furnishings.
Mrs. Bllzabfeth Shields, : best exhibit of hor
ticultural products. "¦¦-•¦.- ¦—¦'"
Buffalo .Brewing Company, Sacramento, best
vttlcultural and liquor exhibit.
Mrs . Alida -Barrett, Sacramento, best ex
hibit of agricultural products.
I). Johnson & Co. (KI Dorado Cannery), best
exhibit of canned fruits. Jellies, Dickies, etc.
J. A: Stantnn, ¦- San ' Francisco, best painting
in water colors and oil, and , best castel work.
Hale Bros. & Co., Sacramento, special gold
medal for best exhibit in the pavilion. <
Wales' Horse Wins.
United States Charge D'AfEaires at
London Makes a Protest to the
Foreign Office.
WAS ILL TREATED BY
ENGLISH POLICE OFFICERS
NAPA. Sept. 13.— The Matthai murder
trialls proceeding in the Superior Court.
The prosecution asserts that Stanley was
killed without provocation. John M Stan
ley, the first witness for the prosecution
testified that Frank Matthai with a shot
gun ordered himself and other workmen
off the mine. The next day he and Georire
Stanley, deceased, ! returned to . the mine
in a " cart. They found Frank Matthai
there. Defendant laid the gun-across the
shafts, demanding "What right have you
on this land?" Stanley grasped the exin.
barrels and a fierce struggle ensued, when
Stanley fell from the cort and Matthai
shot him. In the head with a revolver.
Matthai Murder Trial.
PORT HURON, Mich., Sept. 13.— Fire at
noon to-day destroyed the entire plant
owned by the McMorran Milling Com
pany, the Port Huron and Northwestern
Elevator Company, and D. . McMorran &
Co. The loss will reach 1225.000, covered
by insurance. One hundred and fifty
thousand bushels of grain stored in the
elevator were destroyed.
Entirely Consumed.
Several Large Milling Plants Are
DESTROYED BY FIUB.
Men Who Will Lead the Union Vet
eran Legion Next Year. • ?
FORT WAYNE. Ind., Sept. 13.-The na
tional encampment of the Union Veteran
Legion to-day elected the following offi
cers: , •
National commander, General J "W-
Wooters, Philadelphia; senior vice com
mander. Dr. B. P. Bannlnp, Fort Wayne.
Ind.; Junior vice commander, N. M. Davis
Camden, Is. J.; chaplain, II. w. Couden!
\\ashington, D, C\; surgeon general. Dr.
Henry Klernme, St. Louis: quartermaster
general, Thomas J. Hubbard, Philadel
phia; executive committee, General J D
Miner of -Minneapolis, Alexander S. Oliver
o r-$7? d J? 8 . k &. Ohl °- Thomfts J- Maplnley
pf Philadelphia. B. X. Woodruff of Brook
lyn, J. J. Sheppard of Louisville.
Gettysburg, Pa., was chosen as the nexl
meeting place.
SELECT OFFICERS.
and the Kentucky.
Special Dffpatch' to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 13.— Since the
vessels were placed in commission several
months ago 200 enlisted men have deserted
from the battleships Kearsarpre and Ken
tucky. This unusual number of deser
tions has caused considerable comment in
naval circles. It is ascribed by official?
to the fact that the vessels nre new and
that the glamor which once existed rela
tive to naval service has disappeared An
encouraging feature about the matter is
the fact that only two of the deserters
were men who had been enlisted as lands
men and were trained under the system
adopted upon the recommendation of Rear
Admiral Crowninshield. The department
is obtaining highly satisfactory results
from this system and it is said the men
who are educated men-of-warsmen render
excellent service.
Leave From the Kearsarge
Over Two Hundred Men Take French
MANY DESERTIONS FROM
THE NEW BATTLESHIPS
President at Canton.
CANTON. Ohio, Sept. 13.-President ami
Mrs. McKinley arrived in Canton thfa
evening on a special train from Somerset
They expect to remain here for some
time. Both seem to be in excellent spirits
There was no formal demonstration at
Canton.
Lineman ¦ Killed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
POMONA. Sept. 13.— Ralph Rice, a line
man of a few weeks' experience, was in
stantly killed here this morning while at
work on the lo<:al electric line. He had
climbed a pole to disconnect Buy todcs
when suddenly he . screamed. "Oh my
God," and at the same moment pltchci
forward from the cross pieces at the toD
of the pole. He struck on his head an£
when picked up it was found that h'a
neck was broken. No one knows whether
he died from the fall or contact with a
live electric wire. It is certain he received
over 1200 volts. He was 20 years of ace
and , unmarried.
PHOENIX, Arix.. Sept. 13.— The Territorial
Democratic Convention is, still in deadlock over
a choice of nominee for delegate to Congress
At one stage in. the proceedings to-day Wilson
started for the stage to .withdraw from the
contest, but his friends persuaded him to fight
it out. The entire day was occupied by wrang
lin? over seating. the delegates from Martcopa
county.
LEWISTON. Maine, Sept. 13.— Returns
received from all but two of the 521 cities
towns and plantations in the State show
th£ following vote for Governor: Hill
(R.) 73.156, Lord (D.) ."W.911. Rogers (Pro )
3102. I/emmond- (Socialist) 43. Republican
plurality 33,245. .
RETURNS SHOW A
REPUBLICAN VICTORY
CHICAGO. Sept. 13.— The American
Anti-Trust League, with headquarters in
Chicago, to-day issued a public address
officially indorsing W. J. Bryan, and A. E.
Stevenson and pledging them the active
support of the league. The address de
scribes the present administration as the
friend of the trust and Mr. Bryan as the
friend of the uncompromising foe of pri
vate monopoly.
ANTI-TRUST LEAGUE
INDORSES W. J. BRYAN
rival of the special train bearing Gover
nor Roosevelt and party. Redfleld Is a
typical prairie town of 2000 people, but a
much larger number gathered in the pub
lic square to do honor to the distinguished
visitor to-day. The features of the occa
sion were the parade and a hundred or
more children, comprising the public
school pupils, who had been marshaled
around the platform and sanjr "The Star
spangled Banner" as Governor Roosevelt
mounted the steps to make his speech.
REDFIEL.D, S. D., Sept. 13.— Quite a
demonstration took place here on the ar-
CITIZENS OF A PRAIRIE
TOWN MEET ROOSEVELT
DENVER. Sopt. 13.— As a result of the
objection raised in the Democratic con
vention to John Calderwood. who was
nominated yesterday by the Populist
State Convention for Lieutenant Governor
under the fusion nsrreement. another-ses
sion of the convention was held to-day to
consider the matter. Mr. Calderwood ten
dered his withdrawal from the ticket,
which. was accepted, and David C. Coates
of Pueblo, president of the State Federa
tion of Labor and editor of the Pueblo
Courier, the official organ of the federa
tion, was put In his place. Calderwood
attained some notoriety as president of
the Cripple Creek Miners' Union at the
time of the strike riots in that district
seven years ago.
NEW CANDIDATE FOR
LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR
Inquests were held yesterday by Coro
ner Cole In the cases of four men in
volved in railroad accidents. A verdict of
death by improper medical treatment wan
rendered In the case of Yee Funjr Gungr,
the Chinese laundryman who drove his
wagon Into an electric car on Bryant
street. In the case of James Ticrney,
who jumped from a oar while In motion
on Haig-ht street, and who was struck by
a car going !n the opposite direction, a
verdict was returned that the accident
was the result of gross carelessness on
the part of the victim. A similar verdict
was» rendered in the case of • Hugh Mc-
Cabe. In the case of M. V. Stevens, killed
by the San Jose local on September 8, a
verdict of accident was recorded.
From All Responsibility.
Verdicts Rendered. by Coroner's
Juries Exonerating Companies
VICTIMS OF RAILWAY
ACCIDENTS BLAMED
The Pleasanton Hotel, at the corner of
Sutter and Jor.ee streets, was visited by
the elements of destruction last right,
but the quickness with which the em
pl^yrs worked ftpmmo*! the flames at
their origin and prevented a disastrous
cor.fla*rratioru When the flre fighters ar
rived there was nothing for them to do,
but they spent pome time in tearing away
lumber about the burned spot to make
certain that the fire ni entirely out.
Shortly after 8 o'clock fire was discov
ered in a wooden air flue leading to the
roof of the building. A quantity of Boot
that had fallen from an adjacent chimney
r £¦". become Isxited In pome manner. An
alarm ¦was sounded and the employes of
the house, who are thoroughly trained in
the fire drill, lost little tlma in getting to
work. There are two lines of hose on
<-gr!i floor. b€Pl«!es one on the roof, and
five of these were quickly brotipht into
play, quenching the fire in a few mo
ments.
The loss -was so 63igrht that the hotel
people •will not put in a claim for Insur
ance.
Resulted Seriously.
By Prompt Action Employes Subdue
Small Blaze Th.at Might Save
HOTEL PLEASANTON FIRE
QUICKLY EXTINGUISHED
THE ORIGINAL. "TOUGH
GIRL." WHO HAS REACHED
SAN FRANCISCO AGAIN.
?AXTA ROSA. Sept. 13.— The case of Oorsre
Eaton, as assignee of Mary E. Pleasant, an In
solvent debtor, vs. Teresa Bell et al... was
dismissed this afternoon. Messr*. J. C. Sims.
Black and Learning appeared for the plaintiff
and requested that the action be dlgmlsfed.
NEW YORK. Sept. 13.— Secretary of
"War Boot is confined to his summer resi
dence at Southampton. L. I., as the re
sults of an operation for the removal of
a carbuncle and will not be able to leave
his home for ten days or two weeks.
OMAHA. Nebr., Sept. 13.— Australian
Billy Murphy, formerly one of the clever
est Ujrhtwelphts of the country, was
knocked out in 1 minute 40 seconds here
to-nlsht by H. Smith, a local colored
pugilist.
Secretary Root Is HI.
looses In One Bound.
WOODLAND. Sept. 13.— Orchardlsts ar.d
vlneyardlsts of Yolo County are worried
on account of the cool, cloudy and threat
ening weather. A srreat deal of fruit is
on drying: trays, but the sun drying pro
cess is practically stopped.
Special Dispatch to The Calt
Orchardlsts ¦Worried.
LONDON. Sept. IX— There la consider
able comment here umm the New York
cable dispatches announemjr that Charba
Yerkea of Chlcapo has purchased the
franchise of the Charlnsr Cross. Euston
anrt Hampstearl Railroad and that It Is
proposed to construct another electric
underground road. The company's secre
tary. Mr. Smith, denied the statement,
adding, however, that there was no one
he would «r>oner s*ee control the undertak
ing than Mr. Yerkes.
adopted the report of the Joint committee for
a I2.50O.C0O bond Issue. The money will be u»°.l
for river Improvements. Including the erection
of bascule bridges in substitution for the cen
ter pier bridges across the river.
BALTIMORE. 5<ert. 13.— The failur* of the
wholesale dry Roods house of Hortgres Bros,
of this city is announr-e<l. The receiver* ap
pointed grave bond In tl.'rt.Mo, indicating assets
of half that amount. No statement of liabili
ties has been made. The firm Is one of the old
est in Baltimore.
RTO r>E JAXKIRO, Sept. 1S-— There Is a run
on the Banco Renubllea. The bank has been
ob!lRfd to use Its prpmicatlve and Issue check.*
to the depositors payable In fifty days. Tha
president and one of the directors have re
*isned. The Government has promised assist
ance, but has refused to Issue a gtngle nota
or paper money.
New Road for Irfmdon.
CHICAGO, Pert. 13— The drainage board has
has transmitted to the Bolivian Onvernm»nt an
energetic note rejecting the pretensions! of
Bolivia to a concession by Chile of A port on
the Pacific.
SANTIAGO DE CHILE. Sept. K.-Feno r
Goc'.oy. Chilean Minister at La Pas, Bolivia,
BtrFFALO. pent. 13.— Th» Xatlnna! Embalm
ers' Association, which ha« been In session here
for several days electp>l officers headed by VT.
O. Roberts of Lincoln, Neb., for president,
l^etrott was selected as the meetinfr place next
year.
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
Kntrl^s for the Tanforan Bench Show
i have closed and the list, while fair, Is not
I commensurata with the liberality of the
'¦ management in the large cash prizes of
! fered. Quite a large number of entries
] 8re still in the mall, but even with these
the total cannot be considered a eatisfac
! tory one. It is certainly not an encour
1 sering entry for an Initial venture and it
i is> doubtful if the San Francisco and San
Mateo Agricultural Association will feel
inclined to repeat the experiment.
The number of dcg« actually entered Is
I 110 and the entries number ISO. The en
' tries are as follows:
Ma«iff&— Major D. Mis>a T. DlnkelcplPl:
i Pharfcey. W. E. Me*k; Champion California
Cube. W. K. Meok; California Que^n, MUs V.
J. Hatje; Clertpatra. A. O. Glenn.
St Bernards <rouch coated) — Grand Master
Jr. Philip O. Meyer: i-Mr Robert Hrure, T. 1>.
Brown: Kins Linn, Oakland St. Bernard Ken
1 nelF; Diablo II. Fritz L.ueck: Omar Khayan.,
1 F. A. Oetiler: California Eboracum. Oakland
i 5t Bernard Kennpl?; Le King. P. C. Meyer;
1 Grand MaMer II, Oaklend St. Bernard Kennels;
1 Venus nf MHO an<i Alta Rachel. Philip C.
• Meyrr; PrlnopFS Nalmd. Natrod Kennels; Lady
1 U<>iba. Oaklani St. Bernard Kennels.
I St. Brmaros (smooth coa«<Hl) — General B, E.
¦. D. Connelly; Fulvo of Hauentstein. F. Frey;
1 Prlncee* of P«Iano. Dr. D. -I. Vogelrnann.
, GrpRt danes— Dick. W. W, Mrrriman; Blu2
Beard. Poeen Kennels: B»>aii Rrummel, Irvlns
! C. Ackfrman; Jetta of Millbourne. Mrs. How
: ard Seller*.
\ Borzolis Russian wolfhounds— York and War.
j «a. Cecil Ward.
, American foxhounds— Drive. TV. S. Kittle;
! Guy. ColuKa KennPl?: Murdprer. Strantre &
! Hemmlru?: General Moltke, Charles K. Ilar
i ley; Fly, E. A. Gr<»?n.
! Pointers— R»»x F, R. N. Fuller: Sister Olen
! belch O. W. Gall.
English setters— Sport D. Sol Honigsbenr:
', Hen Crocker's Chief, Henry J. OrockPi ; Flj
j Ing- Fox. To-1 Eloan: Queen. William Styan;
I Clatsap Queen. Fr»-d Davidwm.
Irish B»tter5— Toronto Mike, L. S. Adams Jr.:
! Lady Glenbrook, F. J. Kelly; Queen Beas II.
. Duval Moore.
Gordon setterfi— Bud, F. H. Burke; Dirk IH,
F. A. Elliott; Cracker'ack. L. D. F.hret.
Field trial class— Hen Crocker's Chief.
Irish water spin iels— Robert Emmet, S. W.
Horton.
Field npanlels — Royd Monarch III, W. 5.
Kittle.
Cocker spaniels (black)— General Fremont, L.
C. Pistoles! : Dufferln Pastime, Redwood Cocker
Kennels; Powhnttan Lou. F. J. Lowen; Omo
Girl. Plumerla Kennels ; Mona II, Mns. J. 1\
Atkin.
Cocker ppaniels other than black— LI Hung
Chans. Colorado, Empreis Dowager. La Pa
loma Redwood Cocker Kennels; Oakside Vis
count J. C. Lanrwlerfer; Hampton Goldle.,
! Plumeria Fancy. 1'lumeria Cocker Kennels.
Collies— Ormpklrk Emerald Jr., Ormskirk
Quwn. Rose Rfiy. Sown*. Ronnie Brae, O. J.
Albee: La<1<!ie. Mrs. Francis Carolan.
I Builder*— fnion Jack, Adyle: Harry Lacy.
I Golden Nurret, Ia Sw Greenebav.m.
I>aeleR— Kelly and Spot \V, Dr. W. P. Ha
worth.
I Bvll terrier*— Woodbury Prince. T. F. Bon
net: Blr-orr.sburr Tip. Fay & Gleawm; Janes
I Venom d'nton E. Worden; Lucifer. K. H.
I Rountrce: Newmarket Marvel II. Pliillp C.
i ftfeyrr; Barjo. John L>. Syreekels; Rudyaru,
Henrj' J- Crocker; Woodcote Venom II, P.
ChriRtenFon; Imported Bloomnbury Haron. Al
bert Jcferhi-; Teddy Roosevelt. Byron Erken
rut^-her: iilrn Venom. B. Chrlstenson; Wood
cote Queen. Kp;- & Uleppon.
Bonon terrier?— Lady RIontez, Mrs. J. P.
! Xorman.
Vex terriers rmooth -coated — Kentucky Colo
nel, J. K. Russell; Intrepid. Warren. SUeptic.
I Ida. Efmwood. Vassar. N". H. Hlckman; Rus
sell Sape, Carmrnclta^ Charles K. Harvey;
Vivacity and Village Bell. \V. J. Foster: Aldon
Artlet G. J. M. E. rt'Aquin: Aldon SwaRger,
Dottle Golden Sunyfclne. J. R. Martin; War
ren Clerk, Byron Erkenbrecher; The Leonard,
OeorBS Bell: Vina Belle, W. \V. IVfoore; Topsy,
I Henry J- Crocker Jr.; Ledy Mask, Thornhill
Ker.nel*.
Fcx terriers wire-haired— Lathrop Cronje, F.
! J. Walker.
Irlfih terriers— Rarncy F, B. Courtney Ford:
1 Galtee More, T. Howard.
Pr>memnlan«< — Ti*»a and Brownie, Mrs. F.
Caroian.
Japanese spanleln— Nippon. Mrs. H. W. Hed
dan; Jap H. Mlw» F. J. Hatje,
EKquimaux— Prince, A. G. Lyle.
Italian greyhounds— Jack. J. P. Burke.
Chowt>— ImT»orted Judy. Mrs. G. D. Flack.
Is Only 11O.
of Canines Actually Booked
ENTRIES FOR DOG SHOW
NOT UP TO EXPECTATIONS
Despite Large Cash Prizes, Number
The third and last match of the crick
eting tour was played at Lakeport on
Tuesday against Lake County and ended
in an easy victory for the team from San
Francisco. Lake County won the tcss
and sent the visitors to the wickets. The
inning? opened disastrously for San Fran
cisco. R. B. Hoguc C P. Coles and J.
Myers losing their wickets in rapid fuc
cettloa for only one run. But F. Croll
and E. O. Sloman came to the rescue, the
former scoring- 87 and the latter 23. Cae
j=My follow<?d with 1% and the inninrrs
closed for the respectable total of 11M
rur.s. /
Lake Oour.ty had great hopes of passing
this total, but Knderby fell to a brilliant
catch by Croll. and Keeling was bowied
!;. Fnrtmann, the board showing only
seven runs. The remaining batsmen fell
quickly to the bowling of Oasidy and
Portmann. the former capturing seven
w:«-k»-?« for 14 runs=. The n>lding of the
cl:y Lean was very grood and the country
batsmen manajrrd to compile only 35 runs.
San Francisco then began a second in
:.:!-.•-•>•. and at the call ot time had run up
fc> for the Iofs of thr*-«» wickete. Coles
making 20 ar.d Eloman 35. The match,
however, being decided on the first in
nings, ended in a victory for the visitors
by 75 runs, making two out of three
primes for San J-*ra.ncisco.
"Won by the Local
Third and Last Match of Tour
Team.
CITY CRICKETERS
BEAT LAKE COUNTY
Santa Clara, died at his residence yes
terday after (in Illness extending over a
couple of month*. H» was a native of San
Krancisco and 27 years of age. Douglass
had served two terms as Chief of the
Santa Clara Fire Department, and was.
prominent in several societies. A wife
and child survl\-e him.
Georere W. Douglass.
SAX JOSE, Ecpt. 13.— G#orpp XV. E>oug
lass, a prominent young business man o
Colonel H. W. Peyton.
ST. t,OUTS, Sept. 13.— Colonel Henry W.
Peyton, who for three years was attached
to the staff of Oneral Robert E. Lee.
commander in chief of the Confederate
army, and who since the war has held po
sitions of trust and honor, died at the
City Hospital to-day of pneumonia. When
he was received at the hospital last Tues
day he said that he had no home. H«* wns
executive secretary of the United States
Senate frcm 1S73 to 1894.
AFTER nn absence of several years
Ada Lewis, "the Tough Girl," has
returned home to San Francisco.
She went East with Harrlgan 'way
back in 1892 and her rise to fame Jn por
traying the "Bowery girl" was Instan
taneous.
Her visit to San Francisco la rather a
sad one. as she lost her husband, John
Parr, formerly barytone with the Do
Wolf-Hopper company, who died in New
York on the 23th ult. Miss Lewis Imme
diately settled her business ajid started
for San Francisco, hoping the Right of
fresh scenes and new faces might dispel
the dark shadow that had just clouded
her young life.
"I do wish you would write just any
thing," she said yesterday In an Inter
view. "This reminds me of when I first
went to New York. I never know just
what to say to a newspaper man. Well,
I left here in 1S02 and went Kast with
Edward Harrigan, after he had received
my mother's consent to go. I first ap
peared In 'Relily and the 400.' They told
me that I made a hit in the part. It
seemed awfully funny to rise in the pro
fession so quickly. When I was home here
In San Francisco I used to go on as a
walking lady in swell ballroom scenes
and the only parts I used to enact were
nearly all thinking ones. Once In awhile,
I remember, I used to buttonhole Mark
Thall on the corner and coax him into giv
ing me a small speaking part. My hus
band died recently and I could not like
stopping in New York and wanted to
come borne and here I am."
Miss I.o\v;k will fill a short engagement
at the Alcazar and will open next week
in the soubrette role of "The Widow's
Husband." At the close of the second act
she will as a specialty portray "the
tough girl" that made her famous.
PRICE'S APPEAL
DENIED BY THE
POLICE BOARD
Motion to Expunge the Rec
ord Disrating Him Lost
by Tie Vote.
?
Tomer I/ieutenant's Attorneys Will
Ask th© Courts for an Order /
Compelling Recognition
by the Board.
The Police Commissioners last night de
cided not to restore Sergeant William
Price to the rank of lieutenant. On April
1&. is?3, the old Board of Police Connate
Eloners disrated Price without giving him
a chance to defend himself against
chargve of corruption and intxmipetency
wfc-.ie in charge of the Chinatown squad.
Thinking he had been unjustly treated
Price, through his attorneys. Dunn &
Black, appealed to the pr*-s*-nt board to
iis-vfc the order of the old board disratlr.g
mm rescinded. La.«u night the matter was
brought up by Commisisoner Wallace.
After briefly referring to the case the
*. ommlfsioner made a motion to the eft'ec:
tnat the resolution of the ex-board dls
rMinp Price be ftricken from the records.
Commissioner Mahcney seconded the mo-
Uon. On rolloall McNutt ar.d Mahoney
voted "no" and Wallnce and Xewhali
"aye." Chairman Newhall then an
r.ounced, as it w;is a tie vote, the motion
was lost.
In votir.gr against the motion Commis
sioner Mahoney paid that if it was adopt
ed Price would have the right of action
fagair.s; the city for hack pay. For that
reason he was opposed to Interfering with
th.r action of the old board.
Commission* r McNutt thought that the
board had no ri^ht to Fettle the question
rs to whether or noi Price was disrated
for cause. He was ratlsned that Price
was an effle'ent officer, but he did not
th!r-k that the Commissioner* hid th«
r:grht to restore him to nts former rank.
Attorney Dunn then announced that he
v.ould at once apply to the courts to com
pel the Commissioners to recognize the
cieim of the dis=trated officer.
SECRETLY WED,
THEN HURRY TO
LOS ANGELES
Elopement of Miss Ann C.
Thomas and Paul E.
Fergusson.
Society Circles of Berkeley Astir Over
the Sensational Marriage
of One of Its
leaders.
in the secret, but fears of parental ob
jections l<>rl the brirle to hide her Inten
tions from her people. Immediately after
th« wedding Mr. and Mrs. Fen?::3son left
for the south without returning to
Berkeley. Youtir Ff-rRu.ison came from
I..O3 Angeles to get his bride. He former
ly resided In Perkeley and was a member
of the University of California class of
'02. A year apo' he went south and es
tablished himself in the real estate an.l
brokerage business. Mrs. Fergusaon was
a student at the Mark Hopkins Institute
of Art.
Mr. Thomas took the news phllrsophl
eally. Of the groom th«» surprised parent
said, "He Is an estimable young man."
So It Is taken for granted the parental
blessing will he he^towed.
BERKELKT. Sept. 12.— A telegram re
ceived by Edward r>. Thomas to-nl«?ht
toM him of tho Ferret marriacre of Miss
Ann V. Thomas, his only daughter, to
Pa til E. FTgus.-»on. The ceremony toolc
ptace xwterday afternoon at San Ra
fael. Fersusjon and his bride are en
route for Los Angeles, the groom's home.
Society circles, in which the beautiful
young woman was a leader, will be
startled at the news of the sudden affair.
Mrs. Fergussnn's father Is the auditor of
the Market Street Railronrl Company of
San Francisco. The familv residisiice la
at SID Hancroft way. Miss Bertha Fer
gusson. a slater of the proom. accom
panied the young people across the bay.
Mrs. S. \V. FerRusson. hl.s mother, waa
POLICE PRAISED
FOR MMUGEMENT
OF BIG PARADE
Chief Sullivan in Receipt
of Congratulatory
Letters.
Grand Marshal S. V. Costello and
Major General W. R. Shafter
Voice the Sentiments of
Their Organizations.
The admirable manner in which the
I streets were kept Clear by Hie police dur-
I Ing Monday's parade waa commented
I upon at the tlir.e, and yesterday Chief Sul
' liven was gratified to receive the follow
ing letter from S. V. Or.stclla. erand mar
| s!ial. It speaks for itself:
SAN' FRANCISCO. Sept. 12, 1900.
Hon. IV. f. Hullivan, Chief of Police, San
; rvanclsco- lly L>car Color.cl: It is a work of
• *ui<ert nitration >^n ray )«rt to add anything to
i your consequent upon tbe sij'.fndld nvm
' t.er in \vhi:h you policed tbe tstre'f of this
\ metropolis during the parade of last Monday.
j Vour n:ana.ct-ment was simply eupprli, an<i to
ii Uo 1 attribute la a large Uefcre.- tlv fa.-t
| that the jarr.Je was enabled to move alor.x
j with unbroken continuity to the pla-e of Jls
j ir.iEfal.
It was my pleasure to hear General Shatter.
Govfrnor Gcje and Governor Rlchar«ls» ae>
1 olare that tbcjr bad never fe-n anything like
' it— the way in which you manaeeij tlic enor-
I moas crowds during the parade. You certain*
I ly descrv well, yoursf-lf. and your depart-
J niTit certainly decenre the ther.ks of the peo
! p\f of thr entire city ar.d State, for your un-
I tiring efforts to mak"? the Seml-Cer.tennial Ad
j rrlf«!or. Day a success.
Thanking you on beha!' of the order of Na
tive Sons of the Colden West, and with re-
I i-ewfd assurances of regard. 1 am. very faith
i rully youre, S. V. COb"TEI>U3.
I hereby eheerfullv concur in the above.
JOHN H. GIIADY.
Chairman Parade Committee.
The <"Hlef was further gratified to re
ceive the following letter on the same sub
j j<Ect from Major General Shafter:
I lleadauarters Ijtrartnient of California. Office
1 of the Commanding General.
SAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 12, 1900.
Mr W. V. Sullivan. Chief of Police, San
! Francisco. Cal.-Iiear I have, as you
i know, beon i>resent at ail of the parades held
¦ J:i this city for the last fourteen years, and
I <lecire to pay to you that there ha» never
! been one in all that time so ably managed as
j was the one of the ]<Hh of Ffrtember. It was
i the first time I havo ever seen the strerts
i keut clear as you must have, known from
marchlntt your command throuch it. while the
I flanks of the column have usually been har
i a»«iM l-y crowds of people off from the curb.
I take It for granted that, ai Chief of Police
! of this city, you were entitled to the credit of
I this, and I desire to W?xrreps to you my ap
r-reriatlcn of everything connected with the
i movement of the narade. Very respectfully,
W. U. SHAFTER. Major General. V. S. V.
The Police Commissioners also at their
mating last nipht took occasion to warm
1 ly iiraise the Chief for the manner in
; which the streets were kept clear of
i spectators during the passinp of the pa-
I ra«1e.
WOULD EXCLUDE
AFFLICTED GIRL
FROM SCHOOL
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway. Sept- li
Fruitvale school district has taken the
Initiative in the matter of excluding from
the public schools those children who
from some mental deficiency are unable
to successfully compete with their fellow
scholars.
There was an exciting session of the
Fruitvale board last evening when the
Trustees considered the proposition to
suspend Cella. the 12-ypar-old daughter nf
Charles Jackson, a Fruitvale business
man. because she is afflicted with a form
of epilepsy. The only objection to the
rhiUl romainirg in school was that when
attacked with convulsions she disturbs
the other pupils. In tu-r studies she Is as
i-apable as any membt-r of her class.
Charles Jackson, father of the little girl
to proscribe whom an effort is being
made, appeared before the board and
raised his voice in strenuous objection to
the threatened action of expulsion. He
arRued that CeHa was bright mentally,
except during the short spells of epilepsy
which occasionally overtook her. Her at
tendance was regular and her report
cards showed that as a student she held
her own with the rest of her class. He.
said that there was no law which em
powered the board to take such action as
threatened, and If his child was not al
lowed the privileges of the other children
nf the district he would retain attorneys
to defend his position.
The Trustees— W. S. Dunlevy. J. F.
Kiley and William Bridge, were uncer
tain of their stand, and sent for Chief
Deputy District Attorney Phil M. Walsh.
Mr. Walsh was unprepared to render an
opinion off-hand, and nsked for time in
which to look up authorities.
The appearance of the District Attorney
and the apparent desire of the Trustees
to leave the matter in his hands did not
satisfy Jackson. He Insisted upon know
ing- what was poing to be done.
""We mijrht seat the little one near the
door of her room and when one- of her
spasms attacks her she could be removed
without disturbing the rest of the class."
suggested Trustee Dimlevy. "This could
be tried for a month, and if the parents
of the other children still objected we
could then take steps to exclude Mr. Jack
son's little girl. Mr?. Shirk, the principal,
objects to the present order of things, and
the child's teacher. Miss Ida TIammond.
has put up with a great deal. Still, in the
face of all this, we should be lenient and
not take snap judgment. The child Is un
fortunately afflicted and is entitled to ev
*>ry consideration. I supsest that no ac
tion be taken until wo have an opinion
from the District Attorney."
After this statement by Trustee Dun
levy. Jackson still insisted on having the
matter disposed of at once. ¦-
"I pay taxes in this district." he said,
"and my daughter will receive instruc
tions from Fruitvale School If It is the
tight of my life. I emphatically deny your
rierht to shut her out."
The little pirl was also In attendance.
She was Questioned by the members of
the board and showed the Intelligence of
the average child of her age. She seemed
extremely sensitive on the point of her af
fliction.
According to the Board of Trustees, a
number of letters were received from pa
rents of children In Cella Jackson's class
objecting to her presence In the room
their children were compelled to occupy
Jn receiving their education.
Deputy District Attorney Walsh Is of
the onlnlon that Cella Jackson could be
excluded from the school if her presence
was obnoxious to others. He will report
to the Board of Trustees within a 'few
days. .;¦-
What He Says Is Rank
Injustice.
Father . of Unfortunate Idttle Celia.
Jackson Prep/ires to Fight
Epilepsy.
Fruitvale Trustees Asked
to Suspend Pupil With
"THE TOUGH GIRL" COMES
BACK TO SAN FRANCISCO
but in a New Role.
Ada Lewis, After an Absence of Years,
Will' Again Play at the Alcazar,
OBJECT TO THE
KEEPING OPEN
OF UNION PARK
Ingleside Club People Will
Ask the Court to
Close It.
The Ingleslde Coursing Association held j
a drawing at Pythian Castle last night for |
a 64-dog open stake to run in entirety on ¦
Sunday next at San Mateo Park. Prizes
to the amount of $740 will be distributed
as follows: $123 to winner, $75 to runner- '
up, next two $50 each, next four $30 each, I
next eight $20. next sixteen $10. Trains
will leave Third and Townsend streets for
the grounds at 10:13 and 11 a. m.. 12 m.
and 1 p. m. Admission will be free.
Following are the results:
San Mateo Coursirur Park, Sunday open stake,
64 dOKF— J. Dean's Connemnra vs. R. L. Tay
lor's Mosc: J. Potter's Palmflower vs. Kelly &
Hartley's Baby Klnjr: J. 3. Kdmonda' Whisky
Hill vs. CVShea Brothers' Oolrt»-n Rule: T. \V.
Bartels' Betsy Barrow vs. (1. W. Heintz's High
Jinks; J. K. Monihan's Tired Out vs. Lowe &
Thompson's Little Fullerton; J. Farrell's Caph
Day vs. Russell. Allen & V/llson's Scotland
Vet: O. Shannon's Strand of Gold vs. I* F.
Bartels' B*st Bargain: F. JonPs' Wedgwood
vs. Sterl & Knowle?' Ollta: Ru.««rll, Allen &
Wilson's Victor Boy vs. L. F. Bartels' Banner
Bright; T. A. Gaffnry's False Flatterer vs.
I^ande & Gerber's Concord; O'Shea Brothers"
Tcung America vs. J. R. Smith's PhauKran:
Sterl & Knowles* Sleety Mist vs. Russell, Allen
& Wilson's Bell? Claire; J. R. Fmlth's Injury
vs. D. Dillon's Dew Drop; Sullivan & Trainer's
Maid of the Hill vs. T. Losran's Honor Bright:
J. Ft. Smith's Password vs. C. Grail's Martha
Washington: F. A. McComb's Storm King vs.
I). O'Connell's Satan: Lowe & Thompson's
Prince Hal vs. L. F. BartPls' Baron Blood; P.
McKeon'ti RlKby vs. Lande & Gerber's Mount
Ida; P. M. Clarkson's Flower of Gold vs. T.
Tierney's Tea Rose: C. Bnnar's Wild Xorah
1 vs. I. H. Frvnk's Kl Capttan: J. Dean's Sis
quoc vs. J. J. Edmonds' Go On; Russell, Allen
& Wilson's Rr-sle Claire vb. D. E. Wiley's
High Born Lady; D. Toland's TwIIiRht Jr. vs.
J. Potter's Remus: J. H. Perlsro's Controller
vs. E. M. KellOffg's Iowa Boy; p. Jackson's
Oolden Ruaset vs. G»orpe Whitney's Theron;
J. R. Smith's Jennie Wilson vs. AV. J. Brown
lri's Movntaln Belle: J. E. Mon'harTs T Q
vs. r>. Shannon's Pafeeuard: T>. E. Wiley*!
I Buck vs. George Connell's- Willful 'Widow:
i Lowe & Thompson's Mountain Chief vs. Lowe
& Thompson's Cora Pearl; M. Mlklllkl's Ter
ronlte vs. F. Mack's Delia Ml T. Logan's Miss
' Grizzle vs. J. Dean's Gallant: O'Shea Brothers'
Mercy May vs. I>. Toland'a Pleasant Girl.
Ingleside Coursing Association Will
Run a Sixty-Four Dog Stake
On Sunday Next.
CARD FOR SAN MATEO
PARK IS A STRONG ONE
The so-called agreement or contract en
tered into between the Ingleslde and
Union Park Coursing associations has evi
dently failed to satisfy all concerned, as,
after living up to its cerms (or an inning
and a half, thu associations have agreed
to disagree.
At the time of the consolidation it was
given out that the parks would alternate
so. far. as dates were concerned: that is.
Union Park would run for four weeks and
Inglesidc'for three, and that during the
Inning of one park the other should re
main eloFed.
Soon after the big park commenced its
second aeries a strung tip went out that
It wua the intention of the management
to have continual coursing, notwithstand
ing the fact that the other association
objected to the programme. Then came
the story that r.o contract or agreement
had ever been signed, and that the only
"understanding" between the two clubs
was that the proposition of alternate
dates be given a trial In the interest of
the sport.
Later on ;he Union Park people de
clared their intenticn of remaining open,
claiming that there was business enough
for both parks and that coursing men
demanded the keeping open of both places.
This of course was not to the liking of
the Ingleside directors, though they made
no effort to Join in until the Union Park
had violated what the Ingleside people
termed a plain contract.
While the San M^iteo people admit that
no contract was signed, they ciaim that
the agreement was in effect inasmuch as
the Union Park has lived up to its terms.
Those interested in the Inpleslde Club
have not done much talking, but have had
the matter In the hands of attorneys for
some time.
The Ingleside Association has declared
its intention to apply to the courts for an
order to force the Union people to live up
to the "veVbal" contract and prevent them
violating the agreement which calls for
the closing of the one park during the
Inning of the other.
Claim That the Verbal Contract
Which Was Recently Agreed
Upon Is About to Be
Violated.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, ,15)00.
, -j. d. Fry,- Henry : ; Brown, Charles 'W.
Keilogg and M. W. Lyman,' directors of
the Napa Valley Wine Company, have pe
titioned for the dissolution of the cor
poration.
"Wine Company to Dissolve.
Thief Gets Six Months.
Jamee Wilson, a well-known thief, was
convicted by Judge Fritz yesterday of
petty larceny for stealing a satchel from
xVilfiam Cohn. 1304 Lacuna street. The
Judge sentenced him to six months In the
Ceuxitv JalL
Timo.
9
The Day's DeadTHE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1900.
10
SAX FRANCISCO CALL. j
BUSINESS OFFICE cf The San Francisco
fall. coro«-r cf Market «ind Third streets, open
u::t!l 12 o'clock every r.ipht In the year. .
BRANCH OFFICES-DI7 McntgoAery street
crrr.er Oay: open ur.til 5:30 p. la.
f'f. Hsvr* street: cr>en ur.til 9:30 p. m.
C39 ilcAllister rtrect; open until J:30 p. m. |
f',:< Larkin Ftrret; open ur.til S:*0 P- m- ]
I'M M'.Fflcn street; cper. ur.til 10 p. m. ;
rr« Market street corner Sixteenth; open .
ertil S p. m. j
;P* KIever:th Ftreet: epen until 9 p. m. j
{861 Valencia Ftreet; c^m until 9 p. m. j
Nrrtfcwcft ccmer TT.rrty-Becond and Ken-
fjeky g'Twts: rppn ur.til > p. m. J
'¦ 1
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commander}' No- 1. K. .-
'"• S Post Et.— Regular as«>rr.hly THIS «k*«
11\"I:NIX«j. 7:30 oarlock. Order of the Jfjj
Temi'Ie. All frat<r» court«K>u«lj- In- Irtra
\ itoC By «r<!or of the CoramaniT. ***
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
nrVJULAR mwtiryc of Yerba Bucna m^
J^nAgo of Perfection No. 1. A. and A . j^
IsCOCtlsll rile of Kre^masonrj-, In Chap- f\
tor Kail. Masonic Temple, on FP.IDAT J©\,
EVENIXO, September 1*. '&*>. at 8 t *'
o'clock Dc-Err-e 14.
HENRY BUHNER. Secretory.
APOLIX* Loflfre No. 123. I. O. O. F. .s^J^at,
-The third defrree will be c^-fgQEKgi
ltm& '•->¦ AixjIIo dwe.> team^s£»?^-
THIS (FRIDAY) NIGHT. Sep. '"'' ;
f'Tntx-r 14. at 8 o'clock. Members and visi-
tors fordia'.ls- Invited.
II AN PEL IT. 7.OBEU N. G.
W. F. KORCBOSa. Ilec. Sec.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ccivea awli^ations to rti'.ne by the hydraulic j
i-rtx-c** from TV. XV. Treat and • John II. j
Vr.orr.as. in the Oood IIop« mine, near i
BdlPM Pkm-.as County, to deposit tailings |
!r. Onion Valley Creek; from the Bader Gold |
iDtthas Company, la the Ba<Ser cold nine. |
war Hacmlia. t!i:tte County, to deposit ts!l- |
1n^s 1n little TJutte Cn-'-lt; from the Ralston j
PlvlSe GoM llir.injr Company. In the Lynch-
P3TC rain*, r.esr Vlrr^r. Placer County, to
i'eno^t tailings In Lorn? Canyon, and from G.
n. Iyrwls et al.. la the Pnake Gulch travel
rr.'n* 1 . near Vallicita. Calaveras . County, to
«!«*prF«t l»i!!rcr^ In Snake Gulch, gives notice
ihr.t a rnortir.g vrill be held at room CS. Flood
hufltfinc. S?.n Francisco. Cal.. on September
T4. TW. «t ':"fi y. m.
-. 1
ACKXTS W.1XTED. |
PS TO J'O dal'.y easily made by our Live Apents, j
men cri nwaea. reiiinK our latest novelty, j
r-TTr.r**ZT. waterproof neckties: floods •¦ntirely j
::«>w and pstent^.l: spent* d^liented: sal»s tin- j
Jirr.ited; what ethers do you caa do; write to- j
dajrj fecure exclusive territory: B-.j.irant»ea \
\eg\ Feller. Address, with stamp. M. & M. j
MANFG. CO.. Dept. r . ?rr!npfiel,i. Ma*s.
A<"!TvNTS frr Ber.zfc<r'« Migujlnc; moft naju-
lar i:'.i:strot"3 CcthoHc f»!r.!!y magazine; $1
a year: si lie fast: t-'» a week ea?y: exclusive |
tMiltory (riven. AcMr-fs with references,
BSX2KSBB. CROP.. ZC Barclay Et., New York.
ivA~NTnD— Traveling sa>-man to eell ctl jitocks J
en ralary and comyntesicn: salary J45 per |
month: *e pay expenres. Address Box 313.
Cbii or?.™.
WANTED- La<?!e» cn.-l pentlemen of rood ad- •
rtresK who mn s-uarantee res-alts as deputies I
for a popular fraternal order. Box 4PCS. Cait. !
AGENTS sell our aluminum card cases and
,nrJ>: circulars and earr.plcs free. Bunker j
ITintlnc Co.. Dcpt. II. Kansas City. Mo.
BOLICXTOB8 v.a-tra; ia<il»-«. pentlemen: f»- I
male regulator. 238 Phelan building. 8. T. j
;>CENTS of ability and experience In life lr.sur- |
anrf. Call ot room 1C1. ??7 Market, cor. Sixth. I
WE hnndle npwft nnveltie* fcr eeents. PA-
CIFIC AGENT? 1 PT'PPLY CO.. 3451 ISth f>t.
ASIMIAI.TCM HOOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidow.ilks ; cellar
floors laid. rcr>a!rn-!: postal. 11*5 Mirs'on *t. .
ASTIIOLOGI^ !
USSR, HICKKT. «F*>rolopiet: card readme and ]
r«]rr.I?-t7-v. ;':><¦: r.rrr>«rr»p»« ra?t. 1?33 Mission.
ATTOnSEVS AT LAW. j
ADVICE free; divorce !*w a specialty; private; i
ro fee without suc-cef?; rellevtions. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. SCO MafVet. cor.Stockton. •
T:. TV. KING, attorney, 5*27 Market Ft., room €27;
Fenernl practice: moderate feep; consult, free, j
FREE advice; divorce laws, damares,- estates, i
collection*. J. A. Mitchell. 314 Montgomery. )
A0VXC3S free: no charge unless successful. W. .
W. PAVIL-SON. v?7 Market St.. opp. Mason. !
I. B. CLAP.K. Thrrr.a. Fpreckels. bldg.. I!7 Mar- !
ket rt.: consultation free; ro fees in advance. ;
CVPTER. HERMAN J.. attorney. 527 Market |
Ft., r. ~IS; rpm eve.. 7-8: consultation free. ,
¦ _..; I
XIATH CA11IXETS.
JUiBINSON" J3. 4-pan«-l folding: door opens: firm
and faf". V". F. HRQWN. gen, ayt.. 42S E1H«. J
BESISESS CHAXCES.
A— $40*".; HEPTArP.AXT In wholesale district; j
'•lose to water front; a pood paying business ;
vrA rare busings chance. Call It. G. WILKE, ;
tff& Kearny st.
A— J11W: CORNER grocery and bar; choicest
location in the Mission; rent *3T.; 4 living
roams; place estab. years; owner, a widow, i
wants to retire. Call R. G. WILKE, 26'ri j
Kearny tt.
A— ST. r 0; SALOON with building of 7 furnished j
room? ; lor.ff ground lease; clo*» to I'nlcn Iron \
Works: place eet&b. 16 years and doing a first- i
class paying business; owner Jeavlnjj city. \
<:alJ R. G. WILKE. 2t% Kearny Et. j
A— J27',: GROCERY an! bar. with three llvir.sr !
rooms; rc-nt IZ«; thickly settled neighborhood. |
routh of Market et. Call R. G. WILKE. 26'* j
Kfarny st.
A — CORXKIt cigar Ftore on Kearny Et. ; clear- ]
fag above tlid per month. Call 1U G. WILKE.
~ fi t K**arr.y et.
A— £tf«; roRXEK Kaloor. on Polk st. ; long j
lea**; cheep rent; f.rrt -class paying business;
death of owner osue* of sale. See R. G. |
WILKE. 1*4 Keyr.y gt.
A— 51000; PARTNER trar.trd In porter, Etout j
Bv.<i wcisa beer brewery; Investigate; a rare
'•hanc-e. Call H. O. WILKE. 26^4 Keamy et. I
A— t2U*); STATIONERY, notions an<i ice cream !
parlors, ccnr.ect<-ii with Kf-aeral agency of all i
fi. F". lepers; also general agency of 2 Eteam j
!»un3ries; no opposition in either line; rent !
SIT.; in lively busings tn»n across the bay. '
Particular? It. <~i. WILKE. 2S' T Kearny st.
A— £AT. RSHBn & CO.. have you lodsrinB- !
house*? Tes. what price? $300 up. any loca- I
tlon d^irr-i; J2 rooms. $500; 10 rooms. *4:>0; 10 j
rrx-.m*. new. {600. fine; 20 rooms, bargain. JT50: !
57 room. I20ML snap; all pizes. all prices, all ,'
new bargains; call and see u«. 1022 ilarket. ;
A— Knnro & DCITON. ZS Geary st] I
Hctels. saloons, groceries, restaurants, branch \
tiakcries. rigar stands and oth»r businesses |
tno numerous to mention; r*rtn'.r*hips in- I
-i»"stn-..T.ts fmm J100 up to CO.ftOO. Fcr a list i
<-all on KliEDO & DUTTON. 26 Geary st
?4:.0— OYSTER rrotto ar.d chop house on proml-
r.eiu Ftr*ft; low rent; fir.e business: good bar-
cain; call quick. LANE & CO.. MI Market gt.
JS7r — DSUCULCT tnd canned poods meats and
pTOVtatans; clean fresh stock; pl-a'cant rooms;
_ low rent. LAN?: & CO.. SC; Market Bt.
PARTNER wanted in an old -established board -
Ing stable; oktit lvll-known. reliable man'
_ Rood value. DONNELLY & CO., CS2 Market!
?:093— PARTNER wanted in livery and board-
Ins Ftal.Ie: go-vi \-alue; paying business.
DONNELLY & CO.. 632 Market *t. i
WE have larxen Hst of saloon^T hctels gro- !
oenes, cigar Morns. <V-licat»fsens. etc. In the !
rlty; Wore tnr/ing call SCHWKINHARD &
icfeh'^e A M'JM t lSl. tK " W^ n F '" h and Eillh;
JTOO-CORNEU grocery and bar: bargain- sick-
nfE« tau*e of wile. McLAUGHLIN & CO
TTT't Market ct.
A-UEFTA UKANT; heart city: raoney maker;
call at once. < 'OWING & CO., 71» Market «t.
yon sale— «r«0; an old-established horseshoe -
:ng business, near city: includes ehop and
tools: averages 20 horses daily; flr*t-claj.s
j-ricce: pre?<>nt owner wishes to retire Ad-
4rfrs box 4CC3. Call offlce. for particulars.
jrO-SALOON end flxtures; 2 blocks from Mar-
ket ft.: near principal theaters: good payinz
basin*-**: rent reasonable. Address L. C
FRASER. box 4«4. Ceil office.
BAKERY, confectionery, coffee and icecream
parlcr; rare chance for a baker or conf«ctlon-
er: for esle on account ol sickness. Inquire i
Janitor Ilemcher, 227 tHementina; no agents, j
rcn tale or trade, cheap, patf-nt riphts; wiil i
man that railed Wednesday to canvass call
N. POBBQTg; SOS Putter st.
WANTED— Partner; *»*}; 25 per cent guaran- I
Umfl on investment. Aduress box CIS, Call. >
KA1.O0N for rale; opposite ferry. Apply lit )
IZnjFt et.. north of Market: no agents. !
$Ij»— HOME bakerj-. with fine portable oven
Mission Bt.
|«G0rCOSWSS grocery and tar, with 4 living
itjoms. 1111 Howard st., corner Lanjrton.
CAPITAL wanted to place new patent noveHy
i.n the market. Address box 4S31. Call office.
I"OK sale cheap; bakery baiting 2% barrels;
horse and wagon; eood reason. Box 2239. Call.
W A NTE U— Partner in fruit rtore. Call at 432
Hieh tt., room IS, at 7 p. m.
FOli. Kale— 30 furnished rooms; all rented; rent
?2i 50; price only $1^0. Apply 106 Second i>«.
JiHOE ehop for sale che^p; good location; lots
of work. If you mean l>usln«*s« call at resi-
dence. 2 Codman place, off IOCS Washington.
FOR eale — On account of retiring from busi-
ness, a. second-hand clothing store; an old-
estab'.Uhed «t»nd. 5C7 Jackson, nr. Montcoai'jr. I
BUSINESS CHANCES CONTINUED.
J20C0— COAL and feed yard and express busi-
ness; 4 horses nr.d 5 wagons; good building;
livicg-rooms; long lease: excellent chance;
good location. 2S35 Sixteenth St.
WELL established grocery and bar; eplendld
cash bssloen}M living rooms; rent J*0; thick-
ly settled. <julet neighborhood; reason for sell-
ing. EickneEs. 219H Eleventh et.
COUNTRY merchants trading with Indians caa
nri<J a market for Indian baskets by address'
ir.e the Mexican Rnd Indian Curio Co.. E15
Seventeenth tt. Denver. Colo. j
TO rent— Fcr coal yard, milk depot, etc.: fine
location; place Is entirely covered; contains 3
?tails; rent only S3S; water free. Inquire WM.
HEXPRICKSOX & CO.. 614 Call building.
ESOOO— PAJTTNKn wanted In old-established
business; must have a knowlet'ire of hard-
ware. Address box 401 < 2, Call offlce.
SACP.IFICE; hairdressing find manicuring par-
lors; fine location. Box 3324. Catl offlce.
WANTED — A email grocery and bar: state
price and rent; no agents. Box 4915. Call.
SALOON on Third et., near Market. Particu-
lars U. S. Brewery. 215 Fulton st
WANT to buy a pood paying business. Call
or address 140 Fifth st
FOR tale— Shoe store; small stock. 1118 Rail-
road ave.. Bay station. Alameda.
MILK ranch for eale: in city llmts: every-
thing compete. Box 4908. Call office.
ESTABLISHED bakery & restaurant; will sell
reasonable: account slckners. 714 Valencia.
COFFKE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWBLL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscriptior.s has been established at 109*
VnlenclH tt
LOnCING-HOlSKS FOR SALE.
65-ROOMED house, north of Market; bargain.
24-roome<! hous-e: rent $73; $1KK).
4«-roomed apartment house.
22-roomed house; good location.
CO-roomeU house on Golden Gate ave.
EMERY & SMITH. 3 Eddy st, room 1.
A— H-P.OOM rooming-house; central $100')
ll-room house; $300 down, balance easy.. SOI
20-room house; first -class 30i0
11-rooaa house;. $475; 6-room flat 323
FIPHER & CO., 1032 Market Et.
OVER M0 houses for sale: price, location, slz*
and terms to suit you; call Tor list. M. GRIF-
FIN. 713 Market St.. room 1. by "Can" bid*.
HAVE a good ranch at Napa to exchange for
a lodpinff-house. Addrefs Ranch, box 19S0,
Call office.
WANTED — Tenant for new 110- room house. A.
M. SPECK & CO.. C67 Market st.
CAKHIAGES AXD WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons. bugitfeV. carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission Bt.
AN* A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
canplng wagon, for sale cheap. C32 Mission.
NEW & ;d-h»nd vacons. buggies, carts & har-
ness, work A- driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
PHOTO BUTTONS.
MTT of all kinds of photo buttons and Jewelry;
wholesale and retail; send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. 933 Market .st.. S. F.
CARPET BBATWG AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
rer.d to bPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works 3:2-S."7 Tfhama ft.; tel. South 40.
J. IiIoQUHEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson Ft.; tel. South 22S: lowest rates.
J. F.. MITCHELL Carp*t-B-?atlng and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth el.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beatlntj "Works. O. H.
STEVENS. rn?r.. SS-40 Sth St.; tel. South :50.
CARPETS dewed fit 3c p?r yard, laid at 4c.
STUATTON'S. S Eishth st: tel. Jessie ?4<.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter tt. :
te!. Main SJ4. GEO, WALCOM. proprietor.
OOKKLRTfi Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
<3ate ave.: t»I»rhone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure,
painlers: cocsulfB free. r>r.Dur.can.41J Sutter.
SI'IIUTI'ALISM.
ARRIVED— Mrs Dr. Farnham, world-renowned
si'lritual medium; ad\lie in all affairs of life,
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the sepa-
rated; mining a specialty; clrs. Sun-.'Wed., Fri.
evp's; come and be convinced. (Permanently)
613 Eddy ft., bet. Hyde and Larkin: no sign.
ALWAYS Be? the best. MME. RAE. 14 Turk
et; fee SI.
KATIF. HEUSSMANN'S circle this eve.: slt-
tlnps Thurs. Fri. & Sat. S35 Jessie st., nr. 4th.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night; also Sun-
day; propbetlo tests. 10c: read, dally. 14S 6th.
MHS. LKPTER— Circle Sun., Tues.. Fri. eves.,
10c; rt-ndings daily; L. 25c, G 50c. 127 Turk.
ATTEXD Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth: 2, 8
p. m. 14 McAllister St., rm. 25; admission 10c
MATCHETT holds circle to-night, 8 o'clock;
10c; test all. 132 Fourth; sittings dally. 50c.
MME. MAJORS, jrifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 122 Sixth St., room 1.
WATSON, famous palmist medium; special
this week: full reading. 2."»c & iOr. 1JS1 Market.
MR?. SEAL, medium, cures the tobacco habit;
life readings and treatments dally. 325 Ellis.
WYLL1E. photo medium. 330 Ellis St.; last
week; ccme early; open Sunday.
MUSyJ. J. ¦WHITNEY, clairvoyant test, busl-
r.e<S medium, life reader: sittings $1. 1104 Mkt.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sit dally; conx-lnc'g tests to-night 10c.
A WFEK'S news for 5 cents— The "Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. LANGE. the great clairvoyant, flls past,
future; never falls: has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife:
fee 2Sc and up: satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays. 11€7 Market st.. bet. 7tli nnd Sth.
MME. PORTER, wonc'erful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with doubie veil & second sight,
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladies 50c;
Berts $1: palm. A- clair. tit $1 10. 12C Turk St.
1SMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant nnd
jialmlst. [«»manently located 114S Marketopp.
Cth: private reading* dally 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently: advice
piren in all affairs In life: satisfaction iruar-
nnteeil- 2.">c up. 17 Third Et, next Examiner.
MME. ZEREDA. the tJTsy. Is the great palnf-
ist and <ard reader: 2T»c. 7 Seventh; no sign.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant. water
reader, raovc-1 to 11 Sixth; German epoken.
CLAIRVOYANT, test business medium, card
reader. 2T.c up. S23 Mission Ft..nr.4th; no sign.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader snd
ralmletrj-; truth or no pay; 23c 1149 Mission.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader
Fittings daily. ;i2'4 Sixth fct
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given: 2'>e up. C Fourth st
COIXRCTION OFFICBS.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
DENTISTS.
AT tl'e ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 803 Mar-
V:n gt.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
tZ 60 up; plates, extractions free, $< £0 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9 to J
I>. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
A— DR. V. CAVALSKY has returned from
the Paris Exposition with scene of the finest
patents for painless dentistry, plates, teeth
without a plate, crown ard bridge work: all
work warranted; plates, full set, $3; fillings,
Me; crown, $3 DO. Chicago Dental Parlors, 14 Gth.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my w«n-
<J«rful secret, painless method: 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; Jady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st
CROWN and bridge work experts; our work Is
unexcelled and our prices are the lowett: call
nnd fee our samples and get our prices before
Kolng elsewhere: best of references; examina-
tion free. DRS. I'ERKIXS A DOVEY, 1019
Market St., bet Sixth and Seventh: elevator.
TEETH extracted free; plates, $3; crowns, $3 W:
bridgework. $3: all the latest methods fcr
J)alnless dentistry: hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
Modem Dental Parlors. 1206 Market, cor. 3. G.
DR."l"u15lUM~HILL. 14« Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plate« are
maje— old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set: extracting. tOc: gas given.
PR. ALBERT, HILL. £50 Markot. cor. Stockton.
for a perfect set of teeth and teeth without
r'.ates; lowest prices for the best work.
LOWEST prices in J-. F.; painless extraction.
£0c. New York Dentists. W> Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor. Bash-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 23c
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
d«ys. 3001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. VU. II. G.
TOUXO. 3 Ml Polk st. ¦
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Post, Fllitnore—
Advice and medicine, 75c; city visits, $1 60; all
cr.lir.alg treated; degs boarded. Tel. West 638.
DR. Creely*s C. P. mange cure and worm pills
by druggists or at hospital. CIO Golden Gate av.
DRESSMAKERS 'AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL ' Dressmaking and Millinery
School; patterns cut to order. 1019 Market st.
S. F. Drersmaking, Ladies' Tailoring and M1I-
Ilnery School; French system. 411 Van Ness.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
lrg. pinking. 121 Po«t. over O'Connor&Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
A^TU5?~Biisln^sT?!onr^^
scholarship, $50; Includes shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy; day and evening;
just added, now business practice offices and
20 new typewriters; catalogue free.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st.. S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages. telegraphy. English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.; new SO-page catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught: prac-
tical bookkeeping: full course, $50; catalogue.
A NIGHT School for Men at the Y. M. C, A.
buildir.g. Mason and Ellis sts.; registration.
Sept. 10-54; studies elementary and advanced:
great opportunity for young men to gain a
practical business education. -
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
rchool for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial; private lessons; 8
mos. in college not equal to 8 wks. with me;
$2S. TARR. expert, accnt. 429 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.: day. eve.: est. 1864.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
CALIFORNIA Business College is again en-
larging quarters. Come see us. 305 Larkln st
S1UNSON School Shorthand. Typing. Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory In
Lelpsic: lessons 75c. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve. ; }5 mo. 1C24 Mission, nr. 6th.
LE JEUNE Art and Cmft School; modeling,
designing, carvlnr. all hrapches. 424 Pine st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor: estab. over 10 years; all kinds heip.
421 Post St.. near Powell; telephone Bush 133.
JAPANESE Hoiisecleanin* Co. — Walters, cooks,
dishwashers. Est. 18M. 1026 Oak; tel. Page 547.
UNION Japanf-se-Chlnese emp. office — Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEI'M Employment Office — Japanese. Chi-
nese h«lp. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn. : tel. John 2121. ¦> 8C614 Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411'fr O'Farrell Ft: tel. East 426.
EM PLOYM EXT WANTED FEMALE.
GOOD respectable woman (American) needs
work very badly: can do any kind; good
housecleaner; would go by the day; 11 day
and car fare. 12SV4 Fourth st. room 9.
YOUNG woman with a child wishes position as
housekeeper or Invalid's nurse; city or Oak-
land. 100>4 Sixth st.
YOUNG girl desires a position to do light
I housework. D23 Minna Bt. ; no pospals.
] LADY wishes to assist in light housework or
care of children. Box 18, 106 Eleventh st.
MILLINER designer. late with Caawell. Post
St., gees out by day: reasonable; references.
Address JOSEPHINE, box 3346, Call office.
WOMAN student wants work; half-day only:
business, lovely cook, seamstress or manager.
Address box 3336 Call WfRce.
A SWEDISH woman want a chamber work; city
j or country; call for one week. B. C, St.
George Hotel. 812 Kearny st, room 24.
WAXTED — Washing. Ironing or hous^-cleanlng
by the day. Lydla Jt. Todd. 238 Clinton Park.
GENERAL housework by a respectable woman:
city or country. Call at 214 Fifth st.
SITUATION wanted to do general housework.
Call S26 Valencia St., bet. 13th and 20th.
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like to do
kitchen work. 1731 Market st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third Ft, near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night. $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore et.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED MALE.
j WANTED— Position by a young man; compe-
j tent bookkeeper; will work as assistant for
small pay. Box 3350, Call offlce.
I YOUNG man wishes place to learn barber
I trade; wages no object while learning. Box
4921. Call offlce._^
JAPANESE schoolboy wants a position at
housework, this city. Address TAKAKI. 6C4
Stevenson st
JAPANESE, good cook, wants place In city;
wages $6 week up. Box 4030, Call ofliee.
MAN and wife want situations; good cook and
baker; wife as helper, chambermaid or wait-
ress; hotel, boarding house or Institution;
city or country; wages moderate. Address
A. R., 638 Jessie St., off Seventh.
RELIABLE young man desires position as
bookkeeper or clerk, or In a bank, where he
can advance; good references. Address box
3340. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED Scandinavian coachman wants
position in private place; can milk and vrlll-
lng; 4 years in last place; reference. E37 Sac-
ramento St., room £9.
STEADY reliable man wants position as
blacksmith or machinist helper in factory or
power house; 10 years In same place. Box
£329. Call Office. ¦
COACHMAN # wants position on private country
place; understands care of horses, lawn and
general wcrk; good reference. Box 3330, Call.
SURVEYOR would like position either as sur-
veyor or assistant; can give good references.
Address box 2344, Call office.
ENGINEER wishes situation; Is a practical
machinist Box 3347. Call offlce.
JAPANESE boy wants situation «s a school
boy; good cook. G. YOSHIDA. 1329 Pine st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 22C0 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st ) '
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES exnmlned free; spectacles properly ad-
jnsted. N. Manass". oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FINANCIAL.
IF vou have stocks or bonds of any kind for
sale, call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
PERWRITING CO.. 504 Parrott hnildlng. -
FLATS TO LET.
COT?A^E"toTet^262<rMTi1<et~st.. bet Sixteenth
and Seventeenth; rent $22; 6 rooms and bath.
ELEGANT sunny corner flat, 6 rooms and
bath. 4600 Eighteenth st. west, of Castro.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
LINDEN ave., 521— Flat of 3 rooms; eunny
yard; water free: $7; key 524 Fell st.
RENT $13: fiat of 6 rooms and bath; all modern
improvements. 1513 Turk st.
5 BOWIE ave.— Flat of 3 rooms; cheap rent
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
¦FOR BALE— New carpets and furniture of a ?•
room fiat at 34G6 Seventeenth st, near Guer-
rero; call between 10 and 1 o'clock; no dealers.
FURNITURE In house of 7 rooms for sale: no
dealers. 1 Golden pi., off G. O. av., nr. Larkln.
4 BOOMS furnished in oak for $48 DO, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market
FURNITURE WASTED.""
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st. ; tel. Jessie 761.
ALWAYS 'phone John 1041, before selling your
furniture. Standard Furn. Co., 745 Mission.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 LRrkln;tel.Polk 634;
furniture & furn'd houses bought: spot cash.
$CAOO worth of furniture, carpets, etc., wanted
M. Sllvereteln, 1121 Market; tel. Folsom 1105.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St. pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY Oate with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets.- 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED — A girl for general housework and
cooking; four in family; no washing. 1608
Scott st. near Sutter.
RELIABLE girl for general housework* in fam-
• lly of two; wages $15; city references. Call
between 1 and 4 p. m. at 638 Halght St." . .
WANTED— Danish or Scandinavian girl for
general housework: small family; across the
bay; $25. Call at 219S Broadway, city. •
WANTED — Lady pianist for mining camp. Call
for 3 days, 2 to 4 o'clock, Windsor Hotel,
room 11. ; . -"
.WANTED— Girl for general housework; pay $25.
Apply after 10 o'clock, 1414 Post st, between
Gou^h and Octavla.; .
HELP WAXTED-FEMALB.
C. R. HANSEN & CO ........Phone Grant 1S5
••-.... HOTEL DEPARTMENT.. ..........
2 waitresses, Fresno $25, fare paid: 10 walt-
. resses, different country hotels, J20 and $25.
many, fares paid; 2 waitresses, city, $20; 4
chambermaids to wait, best city hotels; *
chambermaids, $15 and $18; woman cook, $40;
pantry girl, $25.. •.
;-,-••• FAMILY DEPARTMENT . . . . . . . . - - .
Mother and daughter for private family in
the country, $35, see party here; cook, Oak-
land, $30, see party here at 10 o'clock; cook,
small family, Santa Cruz, $25; cook, Sacra-
mento, 2 In family, $30; chambermaid and
laundress; 3 second girls, city' and country.
$26, $20; mother and daughter, country. $45;
B0 house girls. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
SCANDINAVIAN house girl: must be good
waeher and ironer; for small American fam-
ily; city; $25; no office fee; see party here.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED-Protestant second girl for Santa
Cruz, $25, fare paid; 3 parlor maids, $25, short
distance; 2ynur»e and second girls, $25; 7 sec-
ond girls, ?20. $25; 3 housekeepers, $16 and $M:
waitress, institution, $20; pantry Elrl, $20; 3
kitchen helpers, J20; 4 waitresses, $20, hotel,
fare paid, and 1 chambermaid, $20; woman
with a child, $20, call early. J. F. CROSETT,
316 Sutter st.
WANTED— Cook, 3 in family, $30; German or
Scandinavian cook, $35; cook, $30, no wash,
Rcross the bay, cook. $30, San Mateo; cook.
San Rafael, $80: cook, San Jose. $30: 2 Ger-
man cooks. $35. city: house girls. San Rafael
$25, Sausalito $25, Berkeley $20. Palo Alto $30,
Los Gatos $25, Santa Ro*a $20. Oakland $20,
Alameda $25; 2 hotel cooks. $40, short dis-
tance; 4 restaurant cocks, $7, $8 a week;
boarding-house cook, $30. J. F. CROSETT,
31.6 Sutter st.
WOMAN to cook on a ranch, $25; boarding-
house cook, $25; woman to cook for men, $25.
see party here at 10 o'clock. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter St.
REFINED bright young woman to assist lady
with charitable work: must be fond* of chil-
dren, good walker, have some knowledge of
music; hours 9 to 5: salary IS per week; ref-
erences required. Box 3706, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED operators on electric power
sewing machines on shirts at GREENE-
BAUM. WEIL & MICHELS. 531 Mission st.
NEAT, thoroughly reliable young girl, German
preferred, for general housework In small
family; references; $18. S51 Fulton st.
GIRL to do housework and plain cooking;
wages $12. Call at 104 Devisadero St., between
9 and 12 o'clock.
WANTED — A lady as companion and assist In,
light housework; good home, fair pay for
right party. Call after 2 p. m. at 116 Taylor.
WANTED— A German or Swedish girl for cook-
- ing and downstairs work; $25 a month. Call
at 512 Van Ness ave.
EXPERIENCED young woman for cooking and
housework. Apply between 9 a. m. and 12 m.,
room 313. Call building.
WANTED— Finishers and apprentices on cus-
tom coats; steady work and good wages. 515
Natoma st.
OPERATOR on vests wanted. 339 Kearny St.
GIRL; general housework; small family; Ger-
man, French or Swedish \pref erred. 1S54 Ellia.
WANTED— A neat little girl to assist with
light housework. 772 McAllister St.
GIRL for housework and assist In baker store;
no washing; wages $15. F. IBA, 2952 Mission.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for light housekeep-
ing; good home; low wages. 249 Minna st.
W r ANTED— Hairdresser, hair worker and ap-
prentice. 1036 Market st
STRONG Christian girl for housework. 2712
Folsom st.
GIRL wanted to assist with baby; sleep home.
S6Q McAllister st.
WANTED — Experienced paperbox makers. Ap-
ply 141 Fremont st.
WANTED— A good, flrst-class waitress at 304
Mason st. ; wages $6 a week.
GIRL or middle-aged woman to do general
housework; $17 60; no cooking. 1509 Broderick.
GIRL to help at housework. 743 McAllister st.,
delicatessen store.
WANTED — Young girl to assist wait at table
and take in cash. 6S0 Fourth st.
GIRL for general housework; 3 In family. 715
Hampshire st. near Nineteenth.
WAITRESS wanted; $15 per month and room.
515 Valencia st.
STRONG woman for lodging house: wages $15.
Call at 10 o'clock, S29 Howard at.
WANTED— Young girl to assist in general
housework; wages $20. 2120 Clay st.
YOUNG girl to assist with general housework.
1S25C Howard st.
GIRL to do general housework and cooking.
Call between 9 and 12. 428 Franklin st.
GIRL for light housework and plain cooking.
312 Sanchez st, near Sixteenth.
WANTED — Chambermaid at 781 Sutter st.
Hotel Reseller.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on toma-
toes, canning and preparing; highest wages
paid: steady work; prizes for quick work.
Apply Immediately to U. S. FRUIT PACK-
ING CO.. Harrison ave., between Seventh and
Eighth sts.. off Folsom.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
EHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gougrh and Grove sts.
GIRLS to rivet overalls, also sewing machine
operators, at Levl Strauss & Co.'s factory,
22% Fremont St.; no experience necessary;
good wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
WANTED — Operators on ladles' wool waists
and children's wear; electric power; good pay.
MARKS BKO3., 1212 Market St. ':
A— YOUNG girl wanted for plain working.
Call at 857 Bush St.
OPERATORS on waists and wrappers. NEW-
BAUER BROS.. 18 First s;.
OPERATORS on shirt waists. E. STEIN-
HART. 230 Sutter st.
IRONERS wanted at United States Laundry,
Sixteenth et. near Valencia.
GIRLS wanted at United States Laundry. Six-
teenth st. near Valencia.
EXPERIENCED trimmer and apprentices In
millinery store at 692 McAllister st
WANTED— Experienced waiter girls. 1007 Mar-
ket st.
EXPERIENCED waitress wanted at Eureka
Home Bakery, 42G Geary st.
WANTED— An experienced millinery saleslady;
permanent position. 1323 Stockton st '
APPRENTICE on coats: paid while' learning.
• H. DAVIS. 119 Russ St.
WANTED— Woman for light housework. Ap-
ply at 778 Clayton st.
APPRENTICE wanted on custom coats. 222
Kearny st
EXPERIENCED apprenticed talloress wanted
at 131 Montgomery st; entrance room 5.
GIRL for general housework; four adults. 925
Fell St.. lower flat.
23 EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' waists.
S. F. MAN'FQ CO.. 409A Turk st
GOOD reliable girl to assist In housework.
4034 Seventeenth St.
GIRI^S with experience. Book bindery, 636
Clay st.
AVANTED— A girl for general housework and
also a nurseglrl. 2912 Clay st
GIRL wanted for light housework. 1044 Ellis
street. ,
WAITRESSES— Reliable girls for dining-room.
Apply 4«3 Third st - .¦ -¦'-
GIRL. 16 to 18, to look after 8-year-old child.
117A Bartlett st. '¦ ¦ . : .
Al FINISHER on «uits at M. SIMINOFF'S. 122S
Market st.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on. fruit
1731 FolFom st:, between 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore et.
A BRANCH offlce for Call : advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦
HELP AVANTED— -MALE.
ACTIVE man, by established house worth
I $250,000; duties, hiring help: liberal salary and
expenses advanced .to right party. - Address
WILLIAM J. UHL, manager, 723 Chestnut st.
Philadelphia, Pa.;
BARBERS-4-chalr shop and baths; fine loca-
¦¦;• tlon; must eell Immediately: no reasonable
offer refused. Address box 3315. Call ¦ office.
A GOOD block butcher; $8 per week and found.
Apply 2318 Mission st. ,
BOY wanted In meat market at 1601 Grove st
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday; 15c
shop, 2007 Mission st
WANTED— Walter for ; evenings. 435 Ellis st*
.WANTED— A man that understands florist and
nursery business. ECO Halght st.
DISHWASHER; apply early. " 443 Third st. .
COOK and • flrst-class waitress wanted, i 204
Sixth at , ¦
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. » 6C2. Mission st., bet. ; 1st and 2d sts.
HELP WANTED— JIALE.
A— MURRAY^ READ Y^r.?™.^pTione~Maln 5841
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
.....WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY ..........
WE SHIP FREE ...WE SHIP FREE
To all parts of California, Nevada, Utah and
other States and Territories .- ...
Los Angeles...., Santa Barbara District
Dunsmuir Redding ..Shasta
Fresno Truckee Districts
Reno. Nev g a i t Lake City
Surf>. san Luis Bakersneld
Soda Springs <uid 53 other points, laborers,
teamsters, tunnelmen, etc.. $3. $2 50, $2, $175
day Free fare
Only $1 fee ; $i fee only
MURRAY & READY.
634-6S6 Clay st.
A— 45 LABORERS.. TO. .HELP CARPENTERS
Anybody will suit. $30. $33. J10 and found....
Come see MURRAY & READY. 631-636 Clay.
A— LABORERS to help carpenters, $60, free
fare; CO laborers, Humboldt County, $6C; 264
laborers and teamsters for all parts of Cali-
fornia, some In San Francisco, also in fac-
tories, $2 SO, $2. $175 day; 25 scraper team-
sters, north |40 and found
Loggers, cronscut Eawyers, $45 and found;
swampers; 16 drillers, city job; 12 hammer
men; brlcksetters, wheelers; edgerman, $3
day; experienced 2-horse teamsters, city, $2 25
day: 50 men to pile lumber $60
TO MINES
25 men as laborers for mines.... $34 and found
26 miners, single hand work, $75, $60; 126 farm
hands, steady Jobs, $35. $30, $26 and found;
26 milkers, butter makers, $30 and found; 18
stablemen, city and country, $40, $30. $23 and
found; 3 farmers and wives; married furnace
man; 16 choremen and boys
$25. $20, $15, $10 and found
10 vaqueros to break colts to saddle, $45 and
found, steady, good job; 16 teamsters, road
work *32 50 and found
For all other Jobs come and see
MURRAY & READY,
634-626 Clay st.
A— MECHANICAL HELP
Carpenters with or without tools for the mines
$90 to $105
Tank cooper 15 carpenters
12 blacksmiths and horseshoers, also helpers;
sash and door maker, $3 day
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay St.
A— 150 laborers, no experience necessary, for the
jjawmljls and woods, fare paid: 150 men and
T>oys to pttk all kinds of fruits and grapes.
work in packing and drying houses. $30 and
found. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
A-HOTEL BAKeAy BUTCHER....
LAUNDRY DEPARTMENT
28 cooks $50, 160, $40, $30 and found
19 waiters $35. $30, $25. $20 and found
32 dishwashers $30. $25. $20, $15 and found
12 bakers' assistants, $40, $35, $30 and found
12 laundrymen, $40. $35. $30, $!5 and found
Candymakcrs; porter help for institution; gro-
cery clerk and drive
Pantry man, Nevada.... $10 and found
6 butchers $30, $so and $<W and found
Pantryman; icecream makers
MURRAY & READY. 631-636 Clay st.
A — FOR a Government position, an experienced
stenographer and typewriter. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— COOK, mining camp, $50 and found, fare
paid; second cook for the mines. $40 and
found, fare paid. MURRAY & READY, 634-
636 Clay at. ¦
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
500 men for new railroad work
200 teamsters. State of Nevada $2 a day
BO teamsters, Monterey County $2 a day
50 laborers, Truckee $1 90 a day
20 tunnelmen, Chatsworth Park
$2 to $2 50 a day
20 laborers and teamsters. Uklah $2 a day
Fee $1 Ship Dally Free fare
10 laborers for sawmill and woods, Sonoma
1 County, $23 and board, see boss here; 2
ranch blacksmiths, $40 and $45; 10 lumber
pliers. $2 a day; farmers, stablemen, choro-
men and others
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head cook, restaurant, north, $100; third
cook, restaurant, $60; cook, country hotel,
$!>0; camp cook, $."J); 6 restaurant cooks. $50;
cook and wife, institution, $50; barkeeper,
$40: starcher, country laundry. $15 a week;
dishwashers, kitchen hands and others. C K.
HANSEN & CO., 104 G*>ary et.
AN experienced room clerk, flrst-class hotel,
$75. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
COOK and wife, country hotel; vegetable
cook, $60; boarding house cook, $40; cook foi
surveying party. $45; hotel cook, $49: waiter,
country hotel. $30; restaurant waiters, dish-
washers and others. J. F. CROSETT
AGENCY, 628 Sacramento st.
FARMER and wife, $50, see boss here; man
about place and wife.- $40; laundryman and
wife for Institution. $00: 2 lroners. $12 week.
J. F. CROSJ2TT AGENCY, 62S Sacramento St.
TWO choremen for private places, $20; 2 men
about place, $25 and $30; coachman, $30; as*
slstant janitor, $30; 2 carpenters. $3 day; car-
penters' helpers, $2 day; bridge carpenter.
$3 25 day; blacksmith helpers, $2 day; butter
maker and can washer. $30; laborers, feed-
ers and tappers for furnace. $2 to $3 50 day;
scraper team drivers. $1 50 day and board: la-
borers for all kinds of work at going wages
and many others. J. F. CROSETJT AGEN-
CY. 62S Sacramento st.
A— WANTED
6 laborers for mine, $2 SO a day; horseman,
private place $25. gardener, same place. $25;
milker, city, $35; florist, city, $35: 10 men for
sawmill and woods. $26. $2S and $30: 4 farm-
ers, $26 and $20: vegetable gardener. $25 and
fare; 2 grooms. $20 each: fanner and wife on
shares; hack driver, $30: dairyman, $25; 50
R. R. laborers, free fare. W. D. EWER &
CO.. 610 Clay st. _^
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec.. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1S2.
COOK wanted able to put up a good dinner In
small restaurant: good place for right man.
15S1 Valencia st., opposite Valencia-st. car
house.
MAN and wife for bakery; man to drive the
delivery and wife to attend to store and do
some cooking. Address box 4922, , Call office.
WANTED— Boy to attend store and collect.
Apply stating age and wages expected to box
3707. Call office.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
1643 Mlssslon St.
BARBER wanted In the country. For Infor-
mation apply 160S Dcvlsadero st.
BARBER for Saturday. S9 Third st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday;
wages }8. 2007 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS barber. 2124 Fillmore st
GOOD barber Saturday and Sunday; steady.
629 Union St.. near Powell. I
PORTER for barber shop; also barber for Sat-
urday and Sunday. 11 Sixth st. ,
FIRST-CLASS furniture packer. M. FRIED-
MAN & CO.. 237 Post st.
OPERATORS on children's coats to work In
factory. 723 Market St., room 35.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REIS3
I5ROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter St.
WANTED— Trimming cutter^ Shoe factory. 131
Main st. y
EXPERIENCED salesman and boy In tailor-
ing establslhment. 635 Kearny st.
BOY wanted to carry a morning paper route.
Box 4325. Call offlce.
BOY wanted at cigar factory. 10 Seventh st.
ERRAND boy wanted at 919 Market st. : $4 per
week.
WANTED— Boy to help plumber. Apply 1017
Folsom st.
BOY that has worked at upholstering. Apply
341 Hayes st.
BOY for bookblndery, 16 or 17 years; must be
strong. Box 3706, Call offlce. ¦
BOY wanted. 317 Sutter St.. 8 a. m.
DISHWASHER wanted at 528 Fourth st.
COOK wanted; flrst-class short-order man. 225
Grant ave. . .
EXPERIENCED dishwasher; come early. 61S
Kearny st.
GOOD waiter wanted at 419 Kearny st.
LUNCH waiter wanted. 223 Brannan it.
WAITER' wanted; call early. 153 Third »t.'
2 GOOD waiters wanted at 76 Third st., res-
taurant. '
A YOUNG man who has had some experience
in a merchant tailoring business. 31 Market.
W r ANTED-Bedmaker. 930 Howard sL ;
WANTED— Pantryman. 613 Clay St.
BOOTBLACK wanted. 152 Third «t.
WANTED— Steady, sober waiter. Call early.
-: Ahlborn House. ; 321 Grant ave.
WANTED— Jobbing carpenter. 1009 Post st.
I WANTED— Dishwasher at 125 Seventh st ; call
• • at 7 cm. .
ELDERLY man to make himself useful In res-
taurant; good home. 29 Stockton st. '
I SHORT order cook; lunch place. 7 Ninth st.
i DRIVER for, milk wagon; bond required. Box
1 2708. Call offlce.
¦ WANTED— A. cook ! at 718 . Valencia st. - Call
'¦: between S and 9 a,-m.c' .-'.-.
| WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c. 15c and
• , 20c. " Boston ] House." , 930 Howard st.
FIRST-CLASS :-4-ch«lr,_barber :shop for sale;
I ¦ terms easy; . location central. : Box 492S, Call.
HELP WASTED MALE.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the ages
of 21 and 35 years; not less than S feet 4
inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In height:
must be citizens of the United Stages or per-
sons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further in-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
fice. 40 Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal.. S30 K St..
Sacramento. Cal., or 105S J St., Fresno. Cal.
BOY wanted. Apply after 9 a. m. at the Stev-
enson-st. entrance CHARLES LYONS. Lon-
don Tailor. 721 Market st.
SHOEMAKER wanted: good Job for flrst-class
man. T. F. TAYLOK, 1013 Seventh St.. Sac-
ramento, Cal.
STEADY man with $100: permanent place th^t
will pay 163 mo.; short hours; light work: ei-
pertence not necessary. 101S Market, room 10.
BARBERS— Good-paying 5-chair shop; must be
sold on account of departure; a bargain.
DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis a.t.
— 6 jewelers; steady work; no short
time. Apply, stating wages wanted and par-
ticulars. JOS. MAYER & BROS.. Seattle.
WANTED— A baker on caxes. C. BANTEL.
123 Taylor St. s
TEX waiters. Palace of Art, ,16 Post st.
MAN cook wanted. 322 Main st.. boarding-
house.
BOTS wanted. San Francisco and Pacific Glass
Works. Seventh and Townsend sts. f
WANTED— Underpresser on vests. Room 6L St.
Anne building. C Eddy st. ~
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands:
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
GET vour shoes half soled white waiting; 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
FOR sale — A 3-chalr barber snop, on account of
going East. 14 Turk st.
LABORERS and drillers wanted at 627 Four-
teenth st.. near Guerrero.
MKX and women to learn barber trade. 3. F.
Barber College, 741A Howard st.
PENSIONS-GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawver. IS
years' practice: Examiner building.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; positions guaranteed; special
inducements; catalogue and map of city free.
Meier's Barber College, £35 Clay »t.
WAXTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.: 150 large
rooms; 23c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
NEW goods; quick sales; salary or commis-
sion; city or country. THE J. DEWING CO.
Flood building.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard —
Rooms 15c to 25c night: 75c to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1039
Valencia st.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
S27 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN Si DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WORK horses, for sale: just arrived. A carload
at PETERSON'S stable, 107 New Montgomery
street.
70 HEAD draft, carriage and saddle horses; also
pneumatic and rubber-tired buggies: cheap.
Occidental Horse Exchange. 721 "Howard st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. II. UMBSEN fc CO.. 14 Montgomery.
$27 SO— BEAUTIFUL mantels; modern plumbing;
6 sunny rooms; warm belt 512 Guerrero st.
1IOCSCS WAXTED. ?
WANTED— To purchase large houseT~»ame~to
be moved on a lot on Twenty-second street,
between Mission and Valencia. 407 Devisa-
dero St.
LOST AXD KOU\D.
LOST— A passbook with the Htbernla~Savlngs
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of THERESIA BIELICH; No. 243-743
' The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A marten fur collarette, between corner
of Golden Gate ave. and Larkln 8t. and cor-
ner of L?avenworth and Eddy sts. Return
to 326 Larkln, st. and receive reward.
LOST— Lady's silver-mounted purse; monogram
L. G. C. Return to J. II. McKNIGHT. Par-
rott building.
LOST — Black cocker spaniel dog-, with license.
374 San Carlos ave.; reward.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of JAMES KINSELLA. No. 229— liSj
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Black and tan dog; name Zip; license
tag attached to collar; $10 reward. Dewey
House, 32 East St.
LOST— Charm Knights or Honor to P. Abra-
ham3on; reward. 1022 Hyde «t.
FOUND— Seal colored setter dog: white hind
toe. Call 443 Dupont st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any audress In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
p.-i'tnca paid.
MEDICAL.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 122S Market st —Reli-
able ladies' and gents' specialists; .52 years"
practice: have treated thousands of cases suc-
cessfully; a positive cure guaranteed at of-
fice; ladles treated can return home the rahie
day: try the celebrated HINDO HERB treat-
ment for home cure; any one can use it by di-
rections: perfectly harmless: home for confine-
ment. Send five 2-cent stamps for circular.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-r->nowned
ladles' specialist: safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in San Francisco for years; treated thou-
sands of cases successfully; treatment can be
used at home; consultation free. After all
others fall call on him. 1023^j Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladies' specialists.
have returned from Europe: safe and reliable;
cure $5; have treated thousands of ca3es with
success; 13 years' practice in S. F. ; maternity
home: low fees. 1C07V4 Market St., near Sixth.
NG TOY KEE, Chinese doctor; cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc.; all diseases treat-
ed; send for testimonials; advice free. Sani-
tarium, "04 Sacramento st.. corner Keirny.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; *5 yrs.
practice; home In confinement; treatment a',
office, $3; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fidential. 942 Post St., bet. Hyde end I^arkin.
A — NEW process: every woman ner own phy-
sician: no medicine or pills used: practical
physician 37 yrs. Dr. POPPER; 313 Kearny.
MRS. DR. KOHL, the well-known and reliable
ladles' specialist; guaranteed treatment at of-
fice, $3; positive cure. 446 Eddy, nr. Levnwrth.
MRS. M. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladles' speclaS
j 1st; home in confinement; safe and -ellable,
consultation free; hours 10 to S.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER- Private horns
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate ave.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats ill dls-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason »L.
MISCELLAXEOUS— >FOU SALe!
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery! M<>
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 19j-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters
linoleum, new and second-hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
SS complete outfits on our floor, ready made-
we can ship everything in 24 hours. j'
NOONAN. 1017. 1019, 1021. ir>23 Mission st.
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
FOR sale— Property of the Live Oak Consoli-
dated Gold Mining Co.. situated In Nevada
County, 15 miles north of Auburn; 2 patented
claims; 8-stamp quartz mill; ditch and hoist-
ing works tomplete. For further particulars
inquire of -A. MEISTER. 914 Ninth st.. Sac-
ramento. CaL
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys
etc. .WHITELAW. 21C Spear gt. i>ullc ' 9 -
$7>— FOR sale, counter and fixtures with furni-
ture for 3 rooms: and store to let. J3. AD.
DISON & CO.. 1706 Market at.
8 H.-P. 2nd-hand steam engine and boiler; also
for gasoline, 6, 4, 3 and l\i h.-p. each- flrst-
class; bargains. EPSTEIN. S3S Mission st.
A-$3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny su. near Pln«T
A-100 HORSEPOWER engine, boiler 2 drill
air compressor. JARDINES. 220 Fremont st.
C CURTm, I Tm S M a a n rk g^" 0^' °» tflt ' *'<*>¦
BICYCLE (ladies'). 1SC0 model; used 1 nonth-
cost $50: price T20 cash. Box 3311. Call office.'
FOR sale— Small Hail safe; good as new; In-
side door; cheap. Box 3349. Call offlce.
S^FA I^b" ? i ew U and second hand. THE HEIt-
MANN SAFE CO. V 417-423 Sacramento st.
PORTABLE 'engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d hand. J. Burke. 133 Beale.
MAGIC lanterns, new nnd 2d hand: moving
pictures. BULLARD * BRFCK. 131 Post st.
FINE suit. HO; dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery *t.
FULL line cameras and photo supplies: selling
cheap. AV. A. HARTTER. 513 Kxaminer blrtjt.
"WILL rent full dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
suits for ?2 SO. Portland Loan Offlce. 25 Stktn.
10- TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof tafe>. 218 California st. - =¦
MISCELLAXEOCS — FOR SALE.
STEEL tanks, all sizes; suitable for water or
oil: cheap: all shapes: second hand. H. s.
WHITE, SIS Mission st .
2D-HAND photographic and magic lantern out-
fits bought." sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modem ensrines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
EDISON concert phonograph: reduced price,
$7j: concert records. II 50. Bacicalupl. 933 Mkt.
SAFES— Neir and second hand: all sizes. THH
WALTZ SAFE, 103-111 Market St.. San Fran.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 rar»!». in wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
-MISCELLANEOUS 1VA5TS.
LADIES* and gents' cast-off clothing bought &
sold. Sllverman. 9S4 Folsom: teL Folsom 1131.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, bric-
a-brac and books. 100 Sixth st. ; tel. Jessie 141.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off clothlnij
can on B. COHEN. 1S7 Third; tel. Black liri.
MO.NEk TO LOA.V
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and Sd mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. i
ANY proposition, any amount: 8 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 18. first floor.
Chronicle bldg. IIALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store 848 Market
et. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch W Third st.
OX furniture and pianos without removal: quick
service; money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
6S and 63. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old cold, silver, diamonds. .
AT 126 Kearny St.. room 9. respectable prlvat*
place to borrow on watches, diamonds: lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 996.
JCCO.CCO AT 6 per cent in sunn to suit in city:
also $150,000 on large ranches; also on second
mortgages. P.. J. MERCER & SON.. 412 Pine.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
EON'ELLI, 301 Jones st.. corner Eddy.
MONEY loaned salaried peoplewithout security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 421 California.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; confl-
. dentlal: on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st.
TO salaried people without security: all busl-
neas confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott bljf.
H. MURPHY. 630 Market St., solves all kinds ot
financial problems; M mortgages, estates, etc.
ON furniture, planes: 3 per cent per month; no
commission. Mrs. Wilson, ran. 101. < Eddy at.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 600 Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no con-
mlsslon: private. LICK. 118 McAllister at.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
dorser. 3. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan b!g.
MOSEY WAXTED.
WANlFED^l^OoTlto^iisioconiirTper cent; rood
security; principals only. Box 3351, CalL
*I.\STUC3IE.NTS.
NO one contemplating the purchase of a piano,
now or in the near future, can afford to buy
until our large assortment of Deckers or
Packards has been examined. We are quot-
ing prices and terms more reasonable than
ever before offered on flrst-class goods. Th«
ZENO MAUVAIS Music Co.. 763 Market st.
2 CARLOADS of Decker & Son baby era n da
and uprights and Arlington uprights Just ar-
rived ana will be unloaded luesday. Ther»
are many styles to select from and those par-
ties who are waiting for them can- get "'first
choice" if they come early. We have a tevr
good second-hand uprights left. MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 763 Market St.
ANNOUNCEMENT— We have consolidated tha
San Francisco Music Company, 223 Sutter St..
with cur O'Farre'.l-st business, and now
¦how more goods in all lines than any other
house on the coast. Six floors of music ami
musical goods: pianos in endless variety and
prices ranging from 173 to $W0. Imperial
Symphonion Music Boxes, Guitars, Violins.
Mandolins. Strings. Trimmings, Sheet Music,
etc.: enormous stock; lowest prices: cash or
installments. BEN'J. CURTAZ & SON. 16.
IS and 20 O'Farreil st. : Chickening; agency.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN.
CLAY & CO.'S have the privilege of ex-
changing for a STEINWAY any time within,
three years and full purchase price allowed:
the best makers of every grade to select from;
beautiful new uprights $S cash, SS per month;
some good pianos for $3. $4 nnd $5 per month.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. STEINWAY
T'£>ALKRSi tomftr K^smy and Sut t#r sts. s
San Francisco; corner Broadway and ThJr-
teenth gts.. Oakland. -
ATTENTION! THE
BYRON MAL'ZT PIANO FACTORY
Is now open for inspection. Special receptloa
Tuesday. Visitors welcome.
SEE A PIANO MADE.
Have your old piano done over. Look In our
window and see the jnnoo gold nusget. Tha
triumph of piano-makers' art. 108-310-312 Post
* SOnMEP. AGENCY.
AT a discount, to establish our new location,
we will give 10 per cent off on pianos; soma
second-hand bargains; 3 Heine uprights, $327:
2 Stelnways. J136: 1 Chickerln?, J165; 1 Ma-
sen & Hamlin. $3?0. and 20 other bargains;
atrents for Hallett & Davis and S other makes.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary St.. near City
of Paris.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest housa
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 24
2S and 30 O'Farre.ll St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tha
customer.
A FINE 3-pedal upright piano, latest improved.
J170; a nice square, $40; a fine oak upright
piano, standard make, $2T<0. DEWINQ'S.
Flood building.
VIOLIN strings: never wet: best In the world;
making and repairing of all kinds of mustcal
Instruments. Carl C. Anderson. 417 Geary st.
SLAUGHTER sale cf uprigRt pianos for stor«
age: $00 up. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market st.
3-PEDAL Steinway; perfect order. $175.
KEEFFE'S, 923 Market at., bet. 5th and Sth.
GENTLEMAN leaving city will sacrifice ele-
gant upright grand piano. Z2i Golden Gate av.
BE in the swtm; r»nt a new piano for $3 per
month. SCOTT-CURT AZ CO., D*M Hayes st.
THE WILEY H. ALLEN CO.. 314 Post St..
Hardman. Conov»r and other pianos.
BARGAIN— Good piano cheap: Installment $3
per month. SCIIMIT/:. IS McAllister st.
W. O. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR violins, zithera. old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
REDUCTION sale: new pianos; $3 payments:
for rent. »2 np. BRUENN. 203 Post st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pases, sent to any address In th»
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage raid.
OFFICES A.VD STOKES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. ST7 Market-
Offices, light and sunny. $13 to $20 per month;
llrht. heat, janitor and use of tel. Included.
SMALL store- 2 rooms; good for tailor, shoe-
maker. barber; cheap. <C1 California W.
TWO stores to rent; one for restaurant, with
furniture; other for barber shop. 63$ Fourth.
TO rent— Modern store: well lighted; 25x110;
rent reasonable. 328 Hayes st.
rALMISTKr.
NEERGAARD. president of St. Germain Col-
lege ot Palmistry, reads from 1 to L «8
Geary «t. ; also by mall.
\ PEHSOXALj.
THE HUDSOxTaVElfcc£ ~
HOPKE BROS.
Mattresses and pillows made to order, recov-
ered and renovated: honest work guaranteed-
prices defy competition: flr.eupholstery; phon»
63C9: factory. 31S and 320 Eleventh st. : first-
class cleaning and dy-ing. 123 O'Farrell. neap^
' Powell. San Frar.cUco.
WHY SUFFER? ~~ ~~"
Persons afflicted with Rheumatism (no mat-
ter of how long standing), or any other chronio
dlseaie, should call at once at the SANS
SOUCI, »W Van Ness ave.— the up-to-date in-
ttltutlon for treatment. We have 25 yea-'v
experience. Charge3 reasonable.
— . . .
____ ¦
JULIAN1SM.
Scientific Healing.
S19 Golden Gate ave.
DH, D. MACLEAN moved his offlce tn nnnnhn*
buikiln*. roo r S7 and SS. plSSS&KKlS
residence l?0J Pagr». phone F*-ll 7S58.
LKDERER. the popular hairdresser »,,. h !«
fine parlors crowded this week^ lerVice 1, so
good they always come a win '
Sl ,7 T a S ££"*&:& Sft
between Seventh and Kighth Market 8t -
Pi ve 1 ars' T e 2^ e r i tn tlV<9 T rk; reasonable rate,: W
years experience. J. E . RAY. 357 Jessie st.
S VnJ^o <> Ts t u\?^' asy wm«ti Art Tallor-
lnz Co.. IStt Mkt.. under St. Nicholas HoteLSHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ROTTERDAM-Salled Sept 13— Stmr Spaarn
dam. from New York, for Boulogne. . .
LONDON— Sailed:: Sept 13— Stmr ' Menomlnee
f or . New ' York. - ...... ¦¦-¦•. .
MAXIL.A— Arrived .Sept 13-Stmr Pak Ling,
from Tacoma. ; '. ;
'ANTWERP— Sailed Sept 13— Stmr Neko, for
San Francisco. ; : . .
¦¦NEW YORK— Sailed Sept 13— Stmr Augusta
Victoria, for Hamburg,' via Plymouth and Cher
bourg: stmr La Bretagne, for Havre. .
FATHER POINT— Passed Sept 13— Strar Braz
ilian.- from Glasgow.- for Montreal. ' . ;
. ¦.¦;. QTJE'ENSTOTVN— Sailed s Sept 13— Stmr . Penn
land, i- from •: Liverpool, for ' Philadelphia: ~ ettnr
Majestic, ; from Lirerpool, ; for New .York.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, September IS.
gtmr Xewsboy, Hlggins. 20 hours from Usal.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson. 41 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Coqullle River, Anderson, 6H days from
Coquille River.
Stmr South Coast. Olsen, 39 hours from San
Pedro.
Ptmr Brunswick. Andresen, 24 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Del Norte, Allen, 7 days from Portland.
via Coos Bay 3 days, via Eureka 28 hours.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 24 hours from Monterey.
Stmr Westport, Ericsson, 21 hours from Bear
Harbor.
Stinr Cleone, Madeen, 20 hours from Hardy
Cre^k.
Ktmr Lakme, Schage. 4i4 days from Oyster
Harbor.
Ger stmr Bosnia, Schmidt, 47 days from Phil
da lelphla.
Schr Gen Banning, Bennerwltx, 4V4 days from
Coos Bay.
Schr Gotama, Johannsen, 4 days from Coos
Bay.
Schr Uranus, Stangeland, 19 days from Berinj
Sea.
Schr Joseph And Henry, Rasmussen, S days
from Coqullle River. •
Schr Mayflower, Olsen. 5 days from Coqullle
River.
CLEARED.
i';,V Thursday. September 13.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, San Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen. Victoria and
Port Townsend: Goodall. Perkins & Co.
SAILED.
Thursday. September 13.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, Victoria and
Port Townsend.
Stmr Matteawan. Crosscup.. Tacoma,
Schr Mary C, Campbell. Fort Ross.
Stmr Navarro. Jensen. Bowens Landing.
Hi" stmr Wellington. Ryan, Chemalnus.
Br ship Robert Duncan, MacLean, Queens
town.
Br shiD Eudqra, Shaw. Queenstown.
Schr Mary Etta. Anderson. Bowens Landing.
Schr Berwick, Peterson. Siuslaw River.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Sept 13, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind SW, velocity 12 miles.
SPOKEN.
Aug 10. lat 18 S, Ion 30 TV— Br ship Bermuda,
from 'Antwerp.' for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORIA— Arrived Sept 13— Schr Repeat, hnc
Aue 25.
Sailed Sept 13 — Bktn Encore, for Melbourne.
EUUEKA — Arrived Sept 13 — Stmr North Fork
h«>nce Sept 12; schr Laura Pike, hence Aug 2S;
Etmr Eureka, hence Sept 12.
Sailed Sept 13— Schr Bertie Minor, for San
Francisco.
Launched Sept 13 — Bktn John Palmer.
TACOMA— Sailed Sept 13— Bark Tidal Wave,
for San Francisco; schr J M Colman, San
Pedro. "
GREENWOOD— Sailed Sept 13— Stmr Green
wood, for Point Arena.
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 13— Stmr South Port
land, from Skaguay; stmr Rainier, from St
Michael; schr Carrier Dove, hence Aug 24; schr
Ruby A Cousins, from Cape Nome; stmr Queen,
from quarantine.
Sailed Sept 12— Ger ship Arethusa, for Che
roainus; Jap stmr Idzuml Maru, for Yokohama.
Sept 12— Ship Spartan, for Ban Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed In Sept 13— Stmr
Rainier, from St Michael.
Arrived Sept 13— Schr Enedavor, from Guaya
quil.
Balled Sent IS— Ger ship Arethusa, for Che
malnus; schr J M Colman, for San Pedro; schr
Balnbridge, for San Francisco;, bark Tidal
Wave, for San Francisco.
SOUTH BEND- Sailed Sept IS— Bktn Omega,
for Melbourne.
OLYMPIA— Sailed Sept 14-8ohr Joseph Russ,
for Salinas Crui. ~
TTLLAMOOK— Arrived Sept IS— Stmr Luella,
hence Sept 8. ¦"
BOWESN'S LANDING— Sailed S«pt 13—Ken
mer, for .
EASTERN PORT.
NORFOLK— Cleared Sept 12— Br ship Hono
lulu, for Manila.
FOREIGN PORTS.
¦QUEEXSTOWN— Arrived Sept IS— Br ship
Dowan Hill, h^nce May 13.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed Sept 12— Br ship
Sokoto. for San Francisco.
. NAGASAKI- Arrived Sept 12— U S stmr Sher
man, hence AuzNil.
Sailed ,Sept 2-^Br stmr Wyefleld, for San
Francisco.
AXTTVERP-Salled Sept 12— Ger stmr Nefco,
for San Francisco.
ACAPUlvCO— Sailed Sept 7— Stmr- Peru, for
Panama. Sept 9— Stmr Colon, for 8an Fran
cisco.
MAJ5ATLAN— Bailed Sept 12-Ger stmr Hero
dot, for SnnDteco.
LIMKRICK— Arrived Sept 12— Br ship Cum
berland, rrom • Tacoma.
, PORT SAID— Arrived Sept 1?— Br stmr Ind
rapura, from New York.
VALPARAISO — Arrived Aug 6— Br bark
Lakemba. from Vancouver. ¦
KINSALE— Parsed Sept 12— Br ship Dowan
Hill, hence May 13, for Queenstown.
Mpjl— Sailed Sept fr-Ger stmr Frankfurt, for
Ean F.ranclscfl. . . ,
HOXGICONG— Arrived prior to Sept II— 8tmr
City of Peking, hence Aug 11; Br stmr Em
press, for Japan, from -Vancouver; . Br ; stinr
Glnogle. from Tacoma. ¦ ¦-'
Failed S?!>t IS— Jap stmr America Maru, for
San Francisco. % ¦''¦¦
DOVEIt— Passed , Sept 11— Br shin Crown of
Denmark, from Tyne, : f 6r .
HAICIA— Hailed Aug 24— Br ship Creedmore.
for Queensboro. - . >
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Mrs. M. EX Hendrlckson. lot on N line of East
Twentieth Ftreet,2'JS:l*i Wof Twenty-third ave
nue, W 30 by N 130. being a portion of lot t,
block D, on map of subdivision 60 Associates
Tract. Kast Oakland: $1450.
- Maria V. and Manuel T. Silva and Manuel
S. Cardoza to iL J. Ferrelra, lot on E line of
Kennedy street. 135.53 N of Shasta avenue. N
«') by E 125. being lots L"J and 30, block A, Map
of Camden Twenty-second Avenue Tract. East
Oakland; *1«.
Mary and Samuel Martin to Bridget Kins,
lot on NE corner of B and Hollis streets, E 25
by N 100. being lot J, block 801, on map of B
street Bubdivision Watts Tract, subject to pro
bate, procfedings In estate of FranltHn Kin$.
deceased, Oakland; gift.
Mary and Samuel A. Martin and Louise M.
King to same, lot on E line of Helen or llor
ton street. 100 S of A or Thirty-second, S 75,
E 107:4H. NE 50. N T 25. W 133, to beginning,
block M. map of Peralta Homestead Associa
tion. Oakland; gift.
Charles and Annie E. Johnson to B. McFad-
Uen. lot on N line of Summer street. 29 E of
Adeline, E 50, N 196. TV 25, S 9S, TV 23. S 9S. to
beginning, being lots 67. fiS and 73, Klmbail
Tract. Oakland Township; $10.
Joseph Wohlfrom to Max TV. Koenis. lot on
S line of Forty-fourth street, 265 E of West.
E 73 by S 100, being lot 9 and E 25 feot lot 8.
block Alden Tract at Temescal. Oakland;
no.
Jane A. and Tfmothy F. Bradshaw to Kath
ryn Kcrgan, lot on SW lino of Eighth street,
50 W of Myrtle, TV 37:6, S 102:6, E 37:6. N 101:8,
to bcjrtnnlns-. being lot 3 and rortion lot 4.
block MU. Oakland; J10.
Same to same, same. Oakland; $10.
Oakland Building? and Loan Association to ;
Mrs. M. E. Hendrickson. lot on N line of East
Twentieth street. 22S:1% \V of Twenty-third
avenue, TV 30 by N 130, being portion lot 2.
block r>, on map of subdivision Fifty Asso
ciates' Tract, East Oakland; $1430.
Maria V. and Manuel T. «Ilva and Manuel
S. Cardoza to M. J. Ferretra. lot on E line of
Kennedy street, 133.53 X of Shasta avenue, K
50 by E 125. being lots 29 and 30. block A,
map of Camden Twenty-second Avenue Tract.
East Oakland; *10.
Elizabeth E. White to Amy E. White, lot on
E corner of East Twelfth street and Third
avenue. XE 170. SE 100. SW 20. SE 25. SW 130.
: X\V 125, to beginning. East Oakland: also lot
, on SW line of East Fourteenth street, 100 SE
of Third avenue, SE 85 by SW 140, block 43.
Clinton, East Oakland; also personal property;
$10.
Myron L. and Rebecca TVurts to Franc B.
Soule, lot 1. block J, KllnknervllU Tract. Oak
land Townshio: $10.
Elizabeth E. White to Amy E. White, lot on
E corner of East Twelfth street and Third
avenue. XE 170, SE 100, SW 20, SE 25. STV 150.
NW 125 to beginning; also lot on SW line of
East Fourteenth street. 100 SE of Third avenue,
! SE So by SW 140, block 49, Clinton; also per
sonal property: $10.
Myron L. and Rebecca TVurts to Franc B.
Soule. lot 1. block J, Kllnknervllle Tract, Oak
land Township; $10.
Samuel S. and Joei<* E. Brower to 8. S.
Quackenbush, lot on E line of Telegraph ave
nue, 567:6 N from dividing- line between lands
formerly of Woolsey & Cuff. E 165:11%. N B0,
XV 152. S 51:8 to beginning, Berkeley: $10.
M. B. White to Max TV. Koenig. lot on W
line of Orange street. 175 S of Jonet avenue.
S 60 by TV 150, being lot 9, block 20, Warner
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Geonre Palmer to Mary E. Palmer, lot on
XV line of Sherman street. 333 8 of San An
tonio avenue, S 65 by W 150, being lot 8 and
S 15 feet lot 7. Bay Side Tract, Alameda; gitt.
Edwin P. Welle to Edward j. Brady. lot on
S line of -Forty- fourth street. 290 TV of Mar
ket. W 50 by S ICO. being lot 11. block 2097.
Alden Tract at Temescal, subject to a mort
ea?e, Oakland; 110.
Samuel S. and Josie E. Brower to S. S.
Quackenbush, lot on E line of Telegraph ave
nue, 567:6 N from dividing line between lands
formerly of TVoolsey and Cuff, E 165:11K. N
B0, TV 152, S 51:8, to beginning. Berkeley; $10.
M. B. White to Max TV. Koeni?. lot on W
lino of Orange street, 175 S of Jones avenue.
B 50 by TV 150. being lot 9. block 20. Warner
Tract. Brooklyn Township: $10.
George Palmer to Mary E. Palmer, lot on TV
line, of Sherman street. 335 S of San Antonio
avenue. S 65 by TV 150. being lot 8 and S 15 feet
lot 7. Bay Side Tract. Alameda; gift.
Edwin P. Welle to Edward J. Brady, lot on
S line of Forty-fourth street, 230 W of Mar
ket. W M by S 100. being lot 11, block 2097,
Alden Tract at Temescal. subject to mortgage,
Oakland; $10.
H. T. and Elizabeth SI. Richards fby TV. 8.
Harlow, commissioner) to TV. D. Clark, lots
18. 19 and 20. blork E, map of Peralta Heights,
East Oakland; $11,767.
Millicent H. Baker to Ralph T>. Stocker, lot
on SW line of East Fourteenth street. 100 NW
of Second avenue. XW 45 by SW 115, block 51.
Clinton, East Oakland; $10.
Xannie J. Slade to Ruth E. Trlpp fwlfe of
R. M.). undivided interest In lot on SW corner
_of Seventh avenue and East Eleventh street,
RW 50 by XW 150, block 20. Clinton. East Oak
land; ?10.
Builders' Contracts.
Charles TV. Slack (owner) with James & Wil
liam Shepard (contractors), architect Nathaniel
Blalsdell— Plumbing, grasflttingr. tiling and sew- i
erlng for a two-story, basement and attic frame i
building on X line of Sacramento street, 8S:9 !
E of Buchanan. E 30 by X 127:S»4: $1203.
Beraaslieri Building and Hall Association
(owners) with B. Becaas (contractor), archi
tect A. J. Barnett— Alterations and additions
to building on SW corner of Union and Stockton
streets, known as Bersaglleri Hall; $3000.
Mary H. and Walter M. Rose (owners) with
Cotter & Jones (contractors), architect .
All work for a two-story and basement frame
building on X line of Pacific avenue, 148:9 TV ¦
of Central. X 17:1*4, SW to Pacific avenue. B
to beginning-. Western Addition block 805: $3900. !
Stone & Co. (owners) with Theodore S. Holn ¦
and architect) — Tearing down of old
building and all work for a two-story frame
structure on S line of California street. 137:«
W of Larkln. TV 40:5. S 80. W 28:4. S 57:6. E
68:9. X 137:6. Western Addition block 15: $4224.
Etnilie Ursin (owner) with TV. R. Kenny
(contractor), architects Rousseau & Son — Ail '
work for a three-story frame building (flats) on
E lin? of Folsom street, 23 X of Thirteenth. X
23. E SO, S 22:S%. W SO, Mission block 13; $3550.
TV. S. Goodfellow. Thomas G. Crothers and
James S. Angus, executors of the estate of
James G. Fair (owners) with J. H. McKay
(contractor), architect Edward Owens — Carpen
ter and joiner work required for reconstruction
of a flve-story brick building on X line of
Pacific Ftreet, 137:6 TV of Front. X 60, E to TV
line of Front, S to X line of Pacific. W 137:6
to beginning: : $28S0.
Kathrlne Mltehler Sperry. < owner) with Ed
ward T. Letter Ccontractor). architect Edgar A.
Mathews — All work for a two-story frame
dwelling on X line of Broadway, 105 TV of
Steiner street. X 137:6 by TV 40; $5107.
of Electricity.
Giant Tree Reduced to Splin
ters by the Discharge
How the Force Is Exercised Consid
ered in Its Bearings on the
Utility of the Con
ducting Rod. *
The Oswego Times describes a recent
exhibition of the rending power of light
ning at Hagerstown, Ind., and speculates
concerning the tremendous force exer
cised. A few days ago lightning struck
a white oak tree at Hagerstown and scat
tered it, roots and all, to the four winds.
The tree was growing in the open, and
was well nourished, being three feet In
diameter and having a spread of nearly
100 feet. After the lightning had riven it
the fragments were so broken that they
could be gathered in all directions over a
space of hundreds of feet from the tree.
The bolt must have passed through the
heart of the oak.
The Times says of the lightning stroke:
"The action of electricity on a tree or
limb filled with sappy moisture seems
more at times in the nature of an explo
sion of some force inherent within, ig
nited as powder or gas is ignited, than a
force smiting the object from without. It
would seem impossible that any mere
blow could have produced the effect on
tha oak referred to. -And like effects, if
not so extreme, are not uncommon."
Although the Times is not specific it
may be more accurate than the Russian
Investigator who decided that the rending
force, of lightning was due to steam sud
denly generated by overpowering heat,
from the sap of the tree. Carrying out the
suggestion oL the Times, of an explosion
of some forc# Inherent within, it might be
that the lightning stroke separated the
water of the sap into its gaseous elements,
oxygen and hydrogen, and exploded them
at once.
The difficulty of these theories is that
lightning rends the perfectly dry timbers
of buildings and cuts brick chimneys as
though / they had been struck by a can
non shot at close range. It often happens
that the corner of a chimney is taken off
by lightning, leaving the rest of the struc
ture intact. The bricks are broken instead
of being loosened from place. So there
much be some rending force other than
steam or exploding gases. Steam or the
gases of water may have their part in the
destruction of a tree, but steam or the
gases of water do not wholly explain the
breaking force of lightning.
We have heard of straws being driven
through boards in a tornado. Light bodies
going with an inconceivable velocity have
a disrupting force out of all proportion
to their weight. .The lightning spark must
be a physical entity, having an incon
ceivable velocity, to rend a brick chimney.
It cuts through the brick as a snark from
an electric pen cuts through a sheet of
paper.
An electrical discharge from the clouds
of the earth indicates high tension. Recent
investigators of the utility of lightning
rods have directed their inquiries to the
behavior of the spark in discharges from
the clouds. They conclude that the spark
goes to the earth with such velocity that
a point sticking up here and there has but
little influence. For this reason they
argue that the lightning rod cannot pro
tect at all. The ordinary laws of con
ductivity in low-tension currents do not,
in their view, apply to sparks from the
clouds. The Electrical Review says:
"We know that lightning is the dis
charge of an enormous condenser of
which the clouds and the earth are plates,
and of which the electrical capacity is
simply enormous. The volume of the av
erage • discharge of lightning is probably
not very large as compared with the
heavy currents used in electric lighting
and railway work, but the nearest ap
proach that has been made to measure It
indicates that it is of the order of a thou
sand amperes, more or less. Since the
discharge is almost Invariably either a
sudden rush or a violent electrical oscil
lation, the ordinary laws governing elec
trical conductivity do not control, its
actions, and it is necessary to look to the
phenomena of high-tension and high-fre
quencv discharges in order to understand
what may be expected from a lightning
stroke."
Following this extract the Review ad
mits that there are discharges which may
pass peacefully ddVn a lightning rod and
enter the ground. Perhaps the Review is
too sweeping in its conclusion. If the or
dinary laws of conductivity did not apply
in the case of lightning there would be
little need of lightning arresters on tele
phone lines and other lines. Lightning
often touches a trolley line nnd follows it.
and it is now a rule to take the trolley
from the wire in nn electrical storm to
prevent the destruction of motors. So the
Review tries to prove too much. Lightning
is often conducted for a considerable dis
tance by telegraph wires, part of the
charge seeking the earth through the
poles and shattering several in rotation.
So it would seem that a pointed wire in
the Pky with direct connection with the
earth may be of some service.'
A lightning rod Is much like any other
precautionary measure; it may be needed
badly, or not needed at all. Under the
doctrine of chances a man who has a trap
door in his house is likely to fall through
it at some time In his life. Therefore the
trapdoor should be sternly abolished. If
the danger from lightning can be partly
avoided an effort may well be made in
that direction, if itjs not too costly.—
Rochester Democrat and Chronicle.
HEART OF OAK
RIVEN BY BOLT
OF LIGHTNING
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
Miss :.I Gee, Plxon
M T Halr-in. Vt
E Staples, .Virginia
W F Parker w &
mother, Los Ang
A D llarlan & w. Pa
D Campbell, Loa Ang
A R Stuart & w. Hollo
J T Logan & w, Waldo
G Powers, Yountville
W T Ellis. Yountville
T L Reed. Reedley
W Harris. Sacto
R Luscomb, L Gatos
Mrs E Van Valer. Cal
H C Booth, S Barbara
M W Whinst, Wheatld
G J Fanning. Cal
W D Coates & w, Cal
Mrs Uppinger, Chlco
R W Bright & w. Pa
Mrs E Jennings, Ohio
E T Purcell. Ohio
O F Schwertroan. St L
A E Vesper, Pasadena
L J Abrams, Stkton
P Van Valer. Hanford
M M Earlheast, L Ang
F E Blackman, L Ang
Mrs L W Helntzelman,
Sacto
S Morgan, Sonora
S W Smith. Chicago
Mrs L A Masuire. t, A
Mrs Anderson, Cal
Miss- Anderson, Cal
D D Whitney. Los Ang
Miss Fitzhugh. Wash
M C Isaacs, Chicago
E Cox. Jamestown
Miss K B Dunn. Cal
Miss Dunn, Stanford
Miss A Dunn, Stanfrd
J F Robinson. Gr Valy
I" D Frost. Paso Roble
A Swe-t. Vlaalia
C K Whitcher Jr. Cal
E C Crystal. Vacavllle
A J Larson Lodl
S Tustin, Los Ang
S T Kemr«r, Los An«r
H W McCray. BkersfU)
F B Abbe, San Juan
Fi B Burns, Log Ang
Dr J Ameill & w, Ann
Arbor
W Wilson. Los An*
Miss Wilson, Loa Ang
E Schneiuer. Chicago
Dr F M Brook*. Oregn
Mrs F M Brook*. Or
J A Lauer & w, Ind
B M Betcher, Arizona
II L Collins. Phlla
W W Cleveland. . Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
DtWR Bird. L Angr
H • Frankenstein. L A
C M Stone, U S N
Mrs Stone. U S N •
J B Richardson. USN
A C Fisher. N T
Mrs Rlngot, Hollister
C Whitcher Jr. Cal
F H Moon, S Jose.
XV SI Levlne. N T
E Warkheister. Chlcgo
J M Lane Jr, Woodslde
J rtamsdell, Holllster
A W Kelly, Cal
W J Gates. Cal
C O Gates. Cal
J Whelpley. Wash •
F K Mears. Phlla
O M Scott Oreeon
Mrs Scott. Oreson
C Hutchtnson, Dawson
A A Barber. Mich
H A Moore. S Jose
S w Bray, at Louis
W Junker. Del Monte
P J Waters. L Anj
C A Canfleld. L An*
W B Wlnn. L An*
Mrs Wlnn. L Ang
Mrs Sheets, S Jose
Mrs W Crosby, L An*
Miss Char.slor. L Ang
Miss Meade. L An?
D Melone. Oak Knoll
M A Klr.e. St Louis
J II Escollne, London
L A Crane. S Crus
E K Jonas. Woodslde
J B Ettln-er. N Y
A B Adams. N T
T H Masinnis, Minn
H de Gray. N T
lira H de Gray, N J
T E Gibbon. L Ang;
C E Adalr, L Ang
Kaiser Honors a Chicago Man.
Dr. J. H. Breasted, professor of Egyptol
ogy In the University of Chicago, has
hecn appointed by the Emperor of Ger
many to superintend the publication of
his new Egyptian dictionary. This lexi
con will enable stoudents of Egyptology to
study the hieroglyphics in the museums
throughout the world. . This is an excel
lent compliment to an American scholar.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Robert G. and Elizabeth S. Hooker to F. H
McCormick. lot on N line of Eleventh avenue
123 W of M street. "VV 25 by N 100, block 203*
Central Park Homestead: $10.
Peter Schenkel (by Elizabeth MV Schenkel
and Peter Denner. executors) to Jeremiah J
Kegan. lot on SW line of Sixth avenue, 50 SB
of L street, SE 50 by SW 100. block 121, Central
Park Homestead Association; $500. •
Savings and Loan Society to James Spiers
lot on NE corner of Vallejo and Gough streets
N 137:6 by E S2:6; $15,000. , '
John C. and Michael C Bateman Jo Home
Investment Association, lot on S line of Broad
way. 155 W of Gough, W 44 by S 120; $10.
John and Cornelia F. Currey to Anna Raisch
lot on S line of Hayes street, 156:3 E of Central
avenue- (Lott street), E 25 by S 137:8; $10.
Estate of Henri F. Emerlo (by Elizabeth E.
Moltoza, executrix) to The Voorman Company
(corporation), lot on E line of Front street
25:8 8 of "Washington, s 111:10 by E 120; $65,000
Same by same and Elizabeth E. . Moitoza to
same, lot on E line of Front street, 24 S of
Washington. S U6:11V4 by E 120 (quitclaim
deed); $10.
Julia Abraham to Morris Oser. lot on NTV
corner of Kddy and Glasgow streets, XV 25 by
N 63:6 (quitclaim deed); ?3.
Alphonse Jr. and "Lillian K. L. Gulstl to
George C. Alferitz, lot on SE corner of Filbert
and Leavenworth streets. E 37:6 by S 87:6; $10.
Miss Harry A. L. Floyd to same, same; Jio.
Harriet McCarthy to Covington- Johnson, lot
on W line of leavenworth street, 32:6 S of
Eddy, S 25 by W 87:6; ?10.
Mary and Joseph Smith to Southern Pacific
Railroad, lot on N corner of Railroad and
Thirty-ninth avenues, NE 50 by NW 123:10,
lot 4. block 56. Paul Tract; $10.
Robert O. and Eliiabeth S. Hooker to F. H.
McCormlck.lot on N line of Eleventh avenue,
125 W cf M street. -W 23 by N ftO. block 209,
Central Park Homestead; $10.
Peter Schenkel <by Klimbeth M. Schenkel and
Peter Denner, executors) to Jeremiah J. Regan,
lot on SW line of Sixth avenue. SO SE of-L
street. SK 50 ' by SW 100. block 111, Central
Park Homestead Association; J3CQ.
-Alameda ; County.
- Mary and Samuel Martin to Bridget King,
lot on NE corner of B and Hollis streets, E
25 by N 100. being lot J. block S01, on map of
B-etreet subdivision Watts STraet, subject to
probate proceedings in eotate of Franklin Kins
(deceased), Oakland, ei ft- -
• Mary and Samuel- A. Martin and Louise M.
King to name, lot on E line of Helen (or Hor
ton) street, 100 S of A for Thirty-second), S 75,
E 1G7:4V4 ' NE 50, N 25. • W.- 133 to beginning
of : block ¦ M. Map of "Peralta Homestead Asso
ciation. Oakland; gift. '
Charles and Annie E. Johnson to B. McFad
den lot on N- line of Summer street, 229 E of
Adeline.' E 50. N 1S6. W 23, S 9S, W 25, S 98. to
beginning, being lots 67, 68 and 75,- Klmbail
Tract.' Oakland Township; *10. -.
Joseph Wohlfrom to Max "W. Koenig. lot on
S line of Forty-fourth street, 253 E of West,
E 75 by S 100. being lot 9 and E 25. feet of lot
8, -block 2099, . Alden Tract at Temescal. Oak
land; |10.
; Jane A.i and Timothy P. Bradshaw to Kath
ryn Kergan. lot on S line of West Eighth street.
50 "Wi of Myrtle. V\V3T:6,S 102:6. E 37:0. N 101:8
to beginning, being lot 3 and portion of lot -4,
block 540. Oakland: $10. V '-<'-'
;, Same .to same, same -Oakland; $10.
. Oakland . Building : and Loan Association to
>THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1900.
Continued from Pa^e Eight.
11
27 and, 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 167.
Finest : Equipment at ' Moderate , Rates.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
ICNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEP.3.
\-\ McflVOY «fc CO.. ;
FUNERAL DIRECTOR8 & EMBALMERS,
1239 Market St.. between 8th and 9th
. , Telephone South 247..
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 \ BROADWAY.
-
OAKLAND nEAL ESTATE.
CAPITALISTS. attentton-A building site you
might seek for ages and never find Its equal;
corner Sixteenth ave. and Nineteenth St..
opposite Independence Park. East Oakland:
lot 250x140; from its apex, easy of access, the
surrounding hillF. va'.lrya and waters form
one grnnd panorama; must be seen to be ap-
VreciatM: the right party desiring to build,
inducements will be offered. 455 Seventh St.,
OAKI.AXD Fl'1'.MTrRE KOIt SALE.
AN introducticn to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture "Icaler. IHh and Franklin. Oakland.
11QOMS FOK HOl'SEKEEPING.
I CHESTNUT,! 2W. cor.^D^Jp^nt^Tn^SIrTii^hTd
rooms tor hcust-keeplng; cheap.
! CLAY. 24:i. ne?r Fillmore— 2 large unfurnished
j roon:^: upper flat; yard; water; rear; rent $7.
EDDT. 515—3 or 4 unfurnished sunny rooms;
conveniences; fine location; private residence.
j 2 LAl^.SE eur.ny rooms; newly furnished; com-
plete for housekeeping*: rent $2 25 per -week.
Apply at eh<c store, 562 Mission St.. between
First and Second.
OAK. 119— Sunny room; large closet; furnished
for housekeeping; tt. Call after ? o'clock,
i POLK. 512— furnished and unfurnished house-
| keerinx rooms; rent cheap.
TEHAMA. €?-? or S rooms complete for house-
keeping: rrasonable. ' ' .- :
TwnXTY-THIRD. 3715. near Dolores— Two
euniiy bay-window rooms; nice, neat, complete,
VAX NKS3 ave., 401 A— Sunny unfurnished
rooms fcr light housekeeping.
VAX .VHSS. 402— JL'rmer floor eleg-antlr fur -
nlfhe.3; S rooms and bath; gas range; every-
thing complete; sunny.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch oiflee. £200 Fillmore St.
! A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
' subscriptions has been -established at 10SS
Valencia tt.
ROOMS TO LET Knrn. and Inforn.
A-BKrNS\VICKTTouseT7i?~sisth— Rooms 25c
to Jl per night, $1 25 to |i per week, and light
housekeeping; open all night.
APARTMENTS. King!*?." suite: furnished; rea
Bonab'.e. St. James, cor. McAllister &. Lacuna.
BRYANT, 1606—4 large sunny rooms to rent,
¦» .". ij use of stable; rent $12.
BURNETT. 1«:6 Market <cld No. 1264)— Fur-
nffched rms.. £uitec, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, tro (The ElkJ-Chan^ed hands, newly
renovated, nicely furn. sunny rms.. Jl 50 to $7
week; 15c to tl 50 night. MRS. P. RAXFT.
CLIFFORD. i04 Ellis, ccr. Mascn— Elegantly
furnished gunny rooms: prices reasonable.
ELLIP. 63?. corner Larkin-Sunr.y front room;
double folding bed: Welsbach lights.
FURNISHED rooms to let at Tark House. 272*
Mifslnn st. ¦
GEARY, ."6— Elegant sunny front parlor, piano,
lijrht bskpg.: mitts; other r'eap. rtns.; phone.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and MlMion *t.«.— Sunny rmiM, en 6uite or
slncle: ladles' jiailor; reading-room; elevator.
HOWARD. S29— Rooms from $1 week up to to;
ISc tc tl night; also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD. JS*, ccr. 6th— Orlando House— New
manaremer.t : furnished rms. ; suites or single.
LAS PALMAS. 3S20 Market St.— Suite of 2 or S
rms.; private; bath; sin. rms; board optional.
MCALLISTER, 907—3 sunny furnished bay-win-
dow rooms, bath; German family; $1S month.
NEAR the park — Nice home; reasonable for 2
E?ntlem°p; modern conveniences; references
exchanged. Box 4917, Call Office,
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: electric lights: day, tvk.. mo.
RObEDALE Houfe, 21? and 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night 25c to $1, week Jl 25 to »4; open night.
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis St.— Incandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and ladles'
parlor; rooms, per night, 33c to Jl 50; week, {2
to ti; month. 13 to $20: elevator on office
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH. 136 — Furnished sunny rooms; single or
suites; also rooms for light housekeentng.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch cfflce, 2200 Filimore tt.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
n)b«criptkns has been established at 109$
Valer.cia rt.
ROO3IS A\O nOAItD.
BOARD and rooms at 415 Firnt Bt.. near Har-
ripon.
SPECIAL >OTICRS.
PILE!?— PETER FREILlNG'S~pUe~Falve]Tl per
box: warranted to cure all cases of bleeding-,
itching, external. Internal or protruding
piles without fall, no matter of how long
standing. 1623 Devl^adero Bt., near Putter.
ROOM? papered from $2 5?: whitened. $1 up:
painting dotie. Hartman Paint" Co.. 319 Third.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
citv or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 55S0.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Cn'.l. 16 pace?, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for Jl.
pivst n ge rtald.
SEWIXG MACHIXKS AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged: re-
pairing lowest rates; open even. l"05 4th st.
BOUGHT, Rold. rented, repaired, needles and
shuttles; reduced rotes. H5 6th; phone Mint 43.
ALL kinds boujrht, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
STORAGE' AXD WAIIEHOI'SES.
¦WILSON BROS., storage nnd moving: covered
vans. Tenth-and Market; phone South 762.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 1320 Fillmnre st.: phone Jack5on 2S1.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEvVniTERR-W~«
sell better machines for less money than any
hnu!>e in the citv: rents rs, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 528 California, telephone Main 266.
ALWAYS bargains in typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXAN-
DER. 110 Montgomery st.
NEW typewriters. $5 down. jr. month payments.
REVALK. 419 California wt.
TO LEASE.
TO let— Fine rooms suitable for light manufac-
turing: purposes. Apply at oil Sansome 8t.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dlvidend~No.~ 83 (twenty-
flve cents per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar
Plantation Company, will be payable at the
office of the company, 227 Market st., on and
a£ter Thursday. September 20, 1900. Transfer
books will close on Thursday, September 13,
1900. at t o'clock p. m.
E. H. -SHELDON'. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Caskets— Depot Quartermas-
ter's office, JC New Montgomery st., San
Francisco. Cal., August 13. 1900. Sealed pro-
posals, in triplicate, will be received at this
office until 11 o'clock a. m.. September 15,
l?00, Pacific standard time, and then opened,
for furnishing S00 ca?kets. Preferenre will
be given to articles of domestic production
ar.d manufacture, conditions of price and
quality being equal (Including In the price of
foreign production and manufacture the duty •
therfn). and euch preference xvlll be riven
to articles of American production tnd manu-
laciun? produced on the Paciflc Coast to th«
extent of the consumption required by the
f,ub:!o **rvice there. The United States re-
ierves the ripht to accept or"*re.1ect any or
all proposals or any part thereof. Information
and blanks for proposals will be furnished on
application. Envelope* containing proposals
will be indorsed •"Proposals No. K)30 for Cas-
kets." and addreF«ed to MAJOK OSCAR F.
LONG, Quartermaster, U. 8. ' Vols., Depot
Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS Invited— Bids for providing and
1n5taii!i!g a, sewage pumping plant for the
Fr.lFOtn wrison. pr:««-ilcally conforming to spec-
ification? now or> file with the State Board of
pr'.roa Directors nni State Board of Exam-
Irern will be received by said respective
Jmard* at the office of the Board 0/ Exam- .
in« n« In the Ptate Capitol. Sacramento. Cal.,
until 2 o'clock p. m. of October 6. 1900, at
which tirr.e they will be publicly opened. The
rlrht t« reject any or all bids Is reserved.
Copies of rp'^'ftcatlons may be. obtained from
the c>rk of the board at Folsom prison.
Eacli bid tnu*t be accompanied by a. certi-
fied check ior 12000 drawn on some bank of
coed fifanrtinr to the order of R. ,11. Fitzger-
ald rrcfident State Board of Prison Direc-
tors which check *hall be forfeited to the
Ftate If the bid which accompanies such
check Is accepted and the party making the
bid refuse* to enter into a contract and exe-
cute • cod and sufficient bond, payable to
the Stcte cf Callf.ornl.vln an amount to be
fired by the State Board of Prison Directors,
for the faithful performance of ¦ the contract
awarded. By order of the State Board of
PriFon Directors.
EIULN'ARD T. SMITH, Clerk cf the Board.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successor to Flannasran & Gallagher)..
DANIEL' P. DONOVAN. Mgr. .
FUNERAL. DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth «t.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
BOESE— In this city. September 11, 1900, Lena,
beloved wife of Gerhard Boese. and elster of
C. Sirumonp, a native of Norway, aRed 40
years 7 months and C days.
(TTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
IFriday). at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
II. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
CEREGHI.VO-In this city, September 13. 1900.
Maria Cerefchino. clearly beloved mother of
G. B. Cereghlno and Mrs. Catherine Cornl&lla,
a native o f Italy, aged 86 years and 11 months.
FISIIBOURNIv— In Oakland. September 13.
390". Viola F.. beloved daughter of Kate F.
•and the late Jasper Fishbourne. a native of
San Francisco, aged 19 years 1 month and 2
days.
ITT' Remains at her lat« residence, 825 Ellis
street. Notice of funeral hereafter.
FOXr-In this city, September 12. 1&00. Thomas,
beloved husband of the late Johanna Fox,
and father of Joseph Fox, Mrs. C. W. Smith.
Mrs. B. M. Burin and the late Johanna and
„ William Fox, a native of New York, ag*ed 70
« years and 3 months. (Sacramento papers
please copy.) , .
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at S:30 o'clock, from tha residence
of his daughter, Mrs. B. M. Burin. 11 Priest
street, off Washlncton. between Jones and
Leavenworth. thence to Bt. Brlfrid's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
GALLAOHER-In this city. September 11, 1900.
Hugh W., beloved husband of Jane C. Gal-
lagher (nee Horan), and son of James and
Ellen Gallagher, a native of Calaveraa
County, Cal., aged 29 years.
(E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
i fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 550 Bryant street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a requiem hleh mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HETKES— In Oakland, September 18. 1900,
Hazel Louise, dearly beloved dauyhtw of
Robert and Louise Hetkes, a native of San
Francisco, aced IS years * months and 27
days.
(CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence, 1172 Seventh street. Oakland. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery.
JOHNS— September IS. 1SO0. Edwin I>., beloved
son of Mrs. Anna M. Johns, and brother of
Villlam A. Johns, Mrs. Perry B. Learnard,
Mrs. F. W. Thompson and Mrs. J. B. McKen-
zle. a native of Wisconsin, ag-ed H years and
10 monthp.
KEATING — In this city, September 12, 1M0
Cornelius, beloved husband of Ellen Keating,
and father of E. J. and Mary Keating, a na-
tive of Ireland, aced 70 years.
|C7"The funeral will take plaoe this day
fFrldayi. at 10 o'clock, frqjn his late resi-
dence, 3314 Clay street, thence to Holy Cross
Church, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at l0:S0 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
KEW/r— In the' City and County Hospital.
September 13, l?0O. James Kelly, a native of
California, aced 27 years.
McGIVNEY— In this city.- September 13. 1500.
DIED.
Boese, Lena Meyer, John R.
CereBhino. Maria Mullen. Bessie
Plshboume. Viola F. Nickell. Airie
Fox. Thomas Fullman, Mrs. M.
Gallapher. Hugh W. Quisle}'. James
Hetkes, Hazel L. Sieppl, Jane F. \
John^s. Edwin L. Stevens. Ann \
Keating-. Cornelius Swanton. Thomas
Kelly, James Tozier, Arthur E.
McGivney. Maria Walsh. William J.
Menne. Elizabeth M. Walsh. Mrs. Mary
PERSONALS. ¦£'
E U?. C 7 R J, C JJ! Ehl! ' in every *«em— Winchester
"e , * V -T hir<1 ¦*•* nesr Market: 700 rooms;
? \". ?1 ** per n1 *ht; II M w ?6 per weejt;
-ree bus and baggage to ar.d from the ferry.
P!I t nS "~ 300 Permanent cures in San Francisco.
»ho csn be eeen: no operation; no pain: par-
tlenlars rent. Ad. Pf.ygicUn. box 1950. Call.
BAXR Quickly curled cr waved by using Tal-
con is cuiiir.g fluid; :5c a bottle; druggists.
VIA XTED- Cld-f ashlonr>d r ilver. bra*F~.~ copper
"""'¦ ourios. «n descriptions. IZS rhipont st.
A L jKRKDLMS Egyptian Henna rntores gray
- _ ° lts r-aiural co j or; at a n druggists.
c lct^«. old pc:a j.nd~s!l^rbo"ulhti
- * nd re-eta!. COLEMAX-S, CM Kfarnv rt.
- J^"* SICIA * s AJVI> Sl-KGEOXS.
D wAv%^*\F H ««*«*" 'cu7e7bTcT-7-
_J^ea S , s dia^r^ed. inflammatory crises;
D U-l^S5 ;5^ LL - Offt « ™* residence.
-'•'' n st - fatten Sixth and Seventh.
" 1EAK '2 ESTATE-^tv,. KO U SALE.
BALDWIjTiTkoWELL;
Vi 000 •¦,».*„ :0 MONTGOMERY ST.
»o«ern i^' staer -t : rest, | Ja Eo per month: 4
l0t 27:6X1JO;
«^°*T MilT ji te ' t rt - "*** v * n »•*• » v *-:
~2SS %?¦ '• <Joub'-e frontage.
*£S2? at T Hall: «:»t«7:6; a splendid oppor-
tunity; only J43.5CWL
H- STREET FRON-TAGES.
choice lots on this thorourhfare at
—
«...„. FIXE INVESTMENT.
S5?.W»— Geary 6 t.. near Van Ness ave.: 4 resl-
w^iT!" 1 tlM: !ot W*aJJ» to rear street.
*-..m»— Folsom «. ; corner; manufacturing
CSslrict; I frontages; rents $1T?; lot l r X'xS;:€.
. *^°?~ s n ' w Park fiats; re"cts t?»S per year;
naif block from Halght st.; always rer-tefl; a.
evlendld Investment.
IC^*-Oaly fic«o ca&h required: near Powell
ana Pine eta. ; ;-storr house ; excellent location
for > flats; Eplendid view.
13505— Make offer; Pats near Sacramento end
Hyde sts.; rests j:-K> a year; large lot 33x137:8;
tr.im t 6 *c!d.
.^~> AN * OrTERWANTETA
tesoo— Rrats $55; Natcma St.. near Sixth; coal
ya.ro and 4 flats a.bcre; let 27x75.
KE'IDENTE PROPHRTT.
I* 75 **— Richmond District: entirelv new; 2 cot-
tajree; modern in every respect; easy terms.
$30«0— Eunset District, near Golden Gate Park;
r»w 2-Etory house. 7 rooms and bath; modern
In every respect; lot rSxlIO; ftfv t«rms; call
at branr-h o:fW. Ninth ave. and H st.
BALDWIN- &• HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALeI
OfTert wanted for following rroperty:
JIJ.OO — Pay? $7 per cent net ; fine improve-
ments; Push Ft._ near Stockton: S frcntanres.
|.v>,oo(k— income nearly JS^K) per arnum: fine
Investment: close to PoweJl unA Sutter sts.
J12^KiO— Hyde st» near PutTer; location
for flats, physician or sanitarium.
Must be sold to cWe an estate.
BALDWIN" & HOWELL. 10 Montfc-orsery «.
MPM RENTS JS2
Substantial 2-story hou*» ca Buchanan st.,
near Halrht; contain* t rooms and bath;
rtreet bituminlred; cement walks: excellent
location; cheapest horr.e in town. BALDWIN
& HOWELL. 10 MontE-^rnery st.
NETW COTTAGE TOUR OWN TERMS
Alvarado St.. between Twenty-second and
Twenty -third, near Sanchez: 6 rooms, bath,
basement; large sunny yard; take Ca*tro-st.
cars; payments same as your rent. BALD-
WIN & IIOWELL, 10 Montgomery et.
CLEAN INVESTMENTS.
AT A. M. SPECK & COS. €C7 MARKET ST.
'.yp.tm— Payt> 5 per cent net. near Chronicle.
ilTi.COO— Pays 6 per cent net; Market St.; one
tenant.
S10C.O0O— Pays S per cent; Market St.; always
rented.
$30,000— Paya 7 per cent; few blocks from
Chrcnlcl*.
J'0,000 — Pays JSTP: grand corner: all rented.
$41, WX^— Pa ys f per cent net; grand corner; one
tenant. l*-ase s jeers.
tsri.ooo—Rpnt* *i r °: nnr 1 mcrovemen ts.
JI2.500—C ¦•«!: d store property; 70-foot front;
f-er.'.s JS'KJ a month; all rented.
An offer trnnted for «legant IS-room residence;
cost S20.'i00: will eell for half cost;
N->. ZiCZ Post st.
J17.5T0 — Grand investment; 4rt ft. front: r.ear
Van Ness e\e. and McAllister St.;
rents 5Hf>.
Jlo.P'Vi—n^nts JH5: new lmrrovements.
110. '.i:y — Klegant flats, not far from Van Ness
fcve. : rent* J1.100; cn!y half cat=h.
JlO.fXM) — Store property on Fourth *i; one
tenant.
Must k!!-Two fine Tats; 6 Hyde st.. hear City
Hail; rents *75.
$?,W0— Ftore pro{>erty. on Ninth st.. near Mar-
ket : very ch p ap.
IS. COO— P.er.t* S70; new flats near Van Ness
avenue.
It. 600— Four elepant flats of four rooms each;
rents $40.
J3.2J0- Hi?sir>n flat*: rents $310 annually:
rear Twenty-fourth Bt.
CMO-St'.r" dnd flat, near Cnloa Iron Works;
recta
tr.r*— Tory t-room cottar* en Castro rt.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. €67 Market st
«.. b<»tTr<.en Fourth and Fifth. Apply BEW
l>ViX:r. CO.. Alamt-da.
MODERN houses built ;lowest prices rplans and I
e-tirr.ates furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mist- Ion. )
MIPPJON cottape: 6 rooms and bath: larse lot;
t'-rms ta *ult b-j^er. Owner 413 Kearny st. *
PrSH. SS-Nic*. larsre residence; could b« '
turned int« flate: very sunny; 3»xl3T:<; call, j
Cn^ArnST and b*st iiTAmerica— The Weekly j
CaM. II pape«, pent to any address in the i
T'nite.* Pt»t»^ or C^rada one year for Jl.
REAL ESTATE COIXTRY For Sale
fZT.nfi— KAXCH. W acre*, f°r eale; 5-room house
on place; fenced in; plenty waxer; few fruit
ersd shade trees; CS acres ir^od to farm, the
r«*st er"^d rasture;' 2V» miles from Byron
Fprinp?: J mS'es from Byron: must h* 6old
on eccour.t of mortiwire. Write to P. O. box
24. Byron. Cal.
ACCT'KATE personal knowledge — each of the
S*VK» ranches on my FALE and EXCHANGE
ll»t. More than all other aper.ts In this city.
N. D. PICKELS. the land ajrtnt, 6 Orary st.
ETOCK and rraln ranch for sale in Colusa Co. ;
1240 acres; tlO an acre: W) crain. rest In hill :
lar.-l. M. S. CHANDON. Mary»ville. Cal.
A WEEKS news fcr 5 centi. The Weekly Call.
It page*, tn wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATB.
FOiTTaLE— Mill Valley, cheap, cctture of 8
rooms & bath. Inquire owr.er. 1216 Waller «t.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALASEDA HEAL ESTATE.
FOR INVESTMENT.
4 new modern 6-rocm cottare*: pay 10 per
cent- bert location; always rented. Apc!y to
A. n". OENKE SR-. »00 St.. Alajneda.
BAUGAIN'S in Improved and unimproved Ala-
rr..da real in til parts of Alameda nn
easy terms. Alameda Land Company. L>00 |
P>rk tt.. Alaireja: Si Pturt ct.. San Frunclsco. i
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENT
BERKHLEY HEAL ESTATE.
GUOtrP of new houses for sa>. These bouses j
ere all mod-rn. from 5 to 7 rrtm«: "pwerea; j
hathi; hot and <>olA water; etre-t work done, j
iir!^« from I13C* up; terms from $l !> 0 to $400
down and balance !n monthly paymenl*:
houses all close to local train* aad will sc-U
. ir.i.t off. Take Berkeley t~ln ofT at ,
I^.rtn and ask fcr RUDOLPH. Pt.RKI.NS &
LTOX.
FMALL ntat cottace of 4 room?, pantry and
bttfe: 2 blocks from station ; a desirable place
ir-.r ary one waminjr a home; price J.OC: J1TO
oown. balanre to suit. Take Berkeley train. ]
crt off at Lorln and lr.auire for RL HOL.VU, j
PERKINS & LTO.V. . ,
1 i
j^iJ—YOU really fhould »« this; It's -worth
I* itifDveiion: Just compk-ted; aoutheaft corner
"UhxriLx,'* r-vc. and Derby St.; S-rootn cot-
t"pe finished in a. thorousrhlj- workmanlike
manner In every respect; with electric lights,
pa* cO3n<-r lions, etc.. and only 10 minutes'
'Aa;k from th« university. Apply to MASON
ft M'LENATHEN. adjcinlrjr P. O., Berkeley
str.tlon.
ALTA riTXTA TRACT— San Pablo ave.. 2
mile* north of Berkeley; J15O to *»o per acre;
lot* fGO to 1158 each; Jd a month; call for
SlfcO.W. HAIGHT. 401 CaUfornla tt.. 8.P.
GREMMIXGER — MITCHELL — In this city,
June 20. 1900. by the Rev. Herbert Parrlsh, at
the Church of the Advent, Joseph C. Grem-
mintrer and Lulu R. Mitchell, both of San
Kranolaeo.
LAMOUREUX— MEEHAX— In San Jose, Sep-
tember 7, 19(i0, at St. Patrick's Church, by the
Rev. Father McGuire, Emile M. J. Lamoureux
of Canada and Agnes Josephine Meehan of
San Jose.
WEILER-KUXGMAXX— In this city, Septem-
ber .12. 1300, by the Rev. F. Bonn, Felix J.
\\ <>Her and Louisa Kllngmann, both of San
Francisco.
WHITE— OVERMAN— In this city, August 1.
1300. Charles C. White and Llllle B. Overman.
CATLOW-^TACKSON— In this city, September
12. 1900, at the Mizpah Presbyterian Church,
by the Rev. F. A. Doane. George Catlow and
Martha S. Jackson, both of San Francisco.
COX— DECKER— In this city, September 8,
1900. at Howard Presbyterian Church, by the
Rev. J. S. Thomas, Frank V. X. Cox and
Ocilia M. Decker, both of San Francisco.
Xo cards.
CRTJICKSHAXK— BEHLOW— In this city. Sep-
tember S, 1910, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler.
William Cruickshank and Lillian Charlotte
Behlow.
DEAHL— JACKSOX— In this city. 12,
1S00, by the Rev. Edward B. Church. John L.
Deahl and Hattle O, Jackson.
FRISHOUR-MUXRO— In this city. September
11. 1900. by the Rev. F. I. Wheat, Marlon
Frishour of Yreka and Mrs. Mary V. Munro
of San Francisco.
MAEEIED.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
BORN.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residency of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BARXES— In this city. September 9. 1900. to the
wife of I>. Barnes, a daughter.
CARTER— In this city, September 9, 1900, to
the wife of H. D. Carter, a daughter.
FLKTCHER— In Fruitvale. September 12. 1900,
to the wife of Harry K. Fletcher, a daughter.
GRUTZMACHER— In this city, September 6,
l?<0, to the wife of William Grutzmacher, a
eon.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Michelf Cambelllni, 23, 1502 Kentucky street,
and Christina Benedetti, 17, 60S Francisco st.
Abraham Stern. 64. 1S11 Broderick street, and
Rosalia Lipman.-56, 1340 Ellis street.
Charlos F. Van Damme, 27. 322 O'Farrell
street, and Llllle L. McBurnle, 27. 322 O'Farrell.
Isaac I. Ryant. 23. 402 Maeon street, and Hat-
tle E. Lucas. 23, Ancels.
William J. Shelley, 23. 13 Third street, and
Kate Vtnton, 19. 1115 Washington street.
Morris E. Meyer, 34, San Diego, and Gussie
Wolf, 27, city. .
Finlay Campbell. 30. 207 Turk street, and An-
nie Turner. 21. £09 Folgom street.
Moses L. Ifartman,- 30. f.17 Gougrh street, and
Theresa Solomon, 24, 946 McAllister street.
Jame3 H. McCormick, r>4, Vallejo, and Mary
J. Lrrtt. 46. Colorado Springs.
Louis S. Lauridsen. 31. Paso Robles, and
Mary Jensen, 34. city.
Michael J. Hapgerty. 31, San Jose, and Delia
Sullivan, 24. 2224 WsFhiiiRton street.
MAHBIAGE LICKNSZS.
Maria, beloved wife of Michael McGivney,
and mother of Jennie M. and Edward H. Mc-
Givney. a native of Ireland, aged 62 years. .
MENNE — In this city. September 13, 1900.
Elizabeth M., dearly beloved wife of Albert
H. Menne, mother of "William A. and Walter
W". Menne. daughter of Christian and Gealne
Werner, and sister of Louis .P.' Werner, a
native of San Francisoo, aged 39 years T
months and S days.
MEYER— In this city,' September 13, 1900. John
Robert, beloved son of Andrew and Severa
Meyer, and brother of Adele. Andrew Jr.,
Mary, William. Charles and Alexander Meyer,
. a native O f Mexico, aged 3 years. " ...
MULLKN— In this city, September 12, 1900, Bes-
sle Mullen, a native of San Francisco, aged ,
1 year 4 months and 11 days.
NICKBLL-In this city, September 13,' 1900,
Arrie, beloved wife of George W. Nlckell,"
and daughter of Mrs. P.- D. Hill of Berkeley,
a native of Pennsylvania, aged 34 years and,
8 months.
PULLMAN— In Oakland, September 12. 1900.
Mrs. Martha Pullman, relict of James Pull-
man, and beloved mother of Mrs. C. E. Pal-
mer, Mrs. F. H. French and Mary and James
Pullman, a native of Sheffield, England, aged
64 years 5 months and 29 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral ¦ services
this day (Friday), at 2 o'clock, at her late
residence, 1023 Mag-nolla street, Oakland. In-
terment private. Mountain View Cemetery.
QUIGLEY— In this city, September 12. 1900,
James Qulgley, a native of County Waterford.
Ireland, aged 3S years. (New York papers
pl-iase copy.)
(CTFriend* and acquaintances and members
of the Pacific Coast Marine Firemen's Union
are respectfully invited to attend the funeral
. th!s day (Friday), at 1 o'clock, " from the fu-
neral partors of McGinn Bros., 81 Eddy street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SIEOEL— Entered Into rest, in this city, Sep-
' tember 12. 1900. Jane Fromberg Slegel. be-
loved mother of Mrs. Charles Kellus, a na-
tive of London. England, aged 66 years S
months and 27 days. (London, England, pa-
pers please copy.)
(C?"The funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence of
her daughter, 1701 Geary street. Interment
by special car. Hills of Eternity Cemetery.
Friends and acquaintances are respectfully
invited to attend. Please' omit flowers.
STEVENS-In this city. September 13. 1900,
Ann Stevens, beloved wife of Colman Stev-
ens, and mother of Mrs. H. J. Brady and
John R. Stevens, a native of Ireland, aged
76 years.
. ICTFuneral and Interment strictly private.
SWANTON— In Golden Gate. Cal., September
12, 10no, Thomas, beloved husband of Mary
Swanton, and father Of Lizzie Swanton and
Mrs. Philip Creasor. a native of Ballehole,
County Cork, Ireland, aged 57 years,
Thou art gone to the grave, yet wa will not
deplore thee.
ThougTi sorrow and darkness accompany the
- tomb.
The Savior had passed through Its revelets
bofore thee.
May the lamp of his love, be his guide
throueh the gloom.
E^Frlenda and acquaintances ara respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the. funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros., 81 Eddy street,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where services
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
TOZIER— In this city, September 12. 1900, Ar-
thur E., beloved father of Orrln A., Frank M.,
Everett L. and Carrie O. Tozier. son of Waldo
M. and Kunice M. Toiler, and brother of
Edwin L., Frederick A. and Henry C. Toaier,
a native of Iowa, aged 43 years and 11 months.
WALSH— In this city. September 12, 1900, Mrs.
Mary TValsh, agred 69 years. .
ITT'The funeral will take place to-morrow !
(Saturday), at 10:45 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1323 Scott street. . - .
WALSH— In Vallejo. September 12. 1900. Wil-
liam J.. beloved husband of Agnes Walsh.
father of James and Agnes Walsh, son of
Honor and of the late James Walsh, and
brothtr of Mrs. Frank Lawrence and Mrs.
R. Walters, a native of Indiana, aged 35
yearn 7 months and 3 days.
E7Friends and acquaintances are Invited
to attend the funeral this day (Friday), at
9 o'clock, from his mother's residence, thenc«
to St. Vincent's Church, where a hleh re-
qu'em macs will be celebrated. ' . . ;
BAUBOAD TBAVEL.
mouth kkx i-Vciric ro.nPA.iY.
(PACIFIC »Y3TKH. I
Train* ••»*•• i«ml lire <tu« «<» »rrlf» At
MAM t'i;t.\ «'!*«'«».
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
(.satk — From SsrTSMBBK 12, 13C0. — ashiti
•T:O»4 B-.-nicis. Siiiaun. Elmir*. VacaTilln,
Ramsey »ud dacraniento •7:l-1r
•7:0*1 Shasta Express— Darli. Willlaauffor
Bartlett Sprinss). Willows, Red
Uluff. V >n.i.u<L *7:4Sp
•7:3ttA Murtii r~. 8au Uunoa, Vallejo. Nap*.
l.'jilUtnga ami .Sanr.» i:n» ••ilSr
•S:OOa Diiis, Vtirt>.i:»:.il. Knights Landing,
MwjsTille. OTo»iil". , *7:<3p
*«i:OO* Atlaatio Kipresa— Ogtlon and Cut *12:15p
•H:««\ Niles. Tracy. i-»throp. Stockton •»« 15 a
•»i:>»a Hsu Jun, Lirrcmuic, .Stucataiv
Iun«, Sacraineuto. PlaeertUlo,
M tusfil!.-, Cbien, U«a liiiitl Milip
»«i8»a Oakdalr, Chinese, Sonora. Carter*... Mil.tr
"!i:i)O« Haywanls. Ni..-n and V.'ay MUtious. *l l>43*
*U:OVa Loa Angeles Kxpren — Martinez.
Tracy. L^throp. ntnektou. ilerct-U
Kri'ino ai>>l Lcs Aogelo *7al3p
•9t30* Vall,-j... Martluez .ml W.yRutfotif *3:l3p
•10:00* Ths UrerUudLiniiUHl-OgtUo, Den-
Ter, Omaha. Cbicmgu "•41p
*l I:OUa Kil>-9. Stockton. M;uramento. M«o-
. ._-. .lti:». Fr duo. lUufur-J. VUalia.
VorterTillo Mtl3r
¦11:00a LiTcnaors. Saac*r. Goah»a Juao>
tloo. Btkerstiild, Los Angeles
M'.':flOii !Uywir l». HiU-a Mid Way MUtloni. *Si4.1p
t«:Oi»r SaiTHiii.iu.. KUet.Ste.mHni f3:»i)A
•li»«r Kijnili, Nile* and Way Stations. *»i-«9r
•4i»»p Msrtlnex, hau lUnion. Vallfjo,
N M'i. t\\\**"KK .SauU Uot% *9llS*
•l:t»t»c 1J- nicia. Winters, Sact»ni«alo,
U.1...I ia:i.l. KuUhta Lauding.
Marrmille. Orotfllo •!•!«.¦» 4
•4:3Or Nile*. .San. I>w«au4 Stockton *7>ia»
# .l:«OrTh« Owl Mraitod-Tracy. Frr*no.
lUkenBaM. Saugtia for Ctauta Bar-
bara, Lcs Angelea •! •ill »
•5«0Op Stockton # Uii5»
•»iO»r Sew Orl'anr Eipresa — t:«!i»r»rl^lil.
.Santa lUrliara, l.< » Anirelea. l>rui-
iog. El Y\so, New Orleaua and
Rut *Ti4 a 4
•H:OAp Ra^wardg, NIlasaadHaa Jem °7i4(»a
1«:OOr Valleji. *iaiia r
•OsOur Oriental Mall— Ogden. Chejenn*.
Omaba. Chicago *19»43p
•«:00p Oriental Mall— Ogden, Donter.
Oinuti*. CbicHgo. ...t.. Mil.ip
•7i«Of NUes, Tracy, Lathrop. 8tookton.... # l»il3p
•7*««r (»««•>¦¦ «nd UaJlri>riiia Kn<r«u,Nu.
nment,i. M.rnvi!>, I(«hI.Kii«.
l'..it!a».l. V» t Kt ni,..,..! au.l K.ast •«:13i
$HiO."5p Vali.-j... Purt CuaU and Way Mia-
tlnng \ll>*9r
COAST IU Vision (Narrnn UaMie).
(Foot of M.irkt-t Street. >
J7:-«5a Santa Crux Excursiuti for HanU
Cr.v. and Frincifal Way 8Utions }SiMp
•Hi Iff a New»rlc.Outcri!llf,8auJo««,Fpltnu.
lioultler Crrek.rtauU Cruz aud Way
Station* •«.3ltp
t«« I »r Kerrark. CenterTlIIe. Han .Iom, New -
AlinaJao, Crito':. llauUlor Cr««k,
Santa ( ruz aod 1'rluolpal Way
SUtioin •l«iSl»<
*4:t.tp Newark. San Joa«. Loa Gatos 11i»ii»
«llsiap Glanwood. Frlton. Santa Cmx «»v5t»A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
; rrivStl riiJBISCO— r»lt if MirlKt S!n.i(Sil)S)—
•7:19 »:00 11:0Oa.M. *l:03 *2:03 13:83
1 M:C3 15:03 *S:33r.M.
| TttmOllUn—T»tl»Tttutw*i.—"*.00 8:00 11 M » ».
: t!2:C3 «1:OJ I3:C3 *j:M t«:33 'S:Q3f.»l.
COAST IMT1SION •;llroa<l»»n«i>).
(Third and Townwud .SK.)
4 AilO.t Ocean View, 8onth ban t'rauciseo.. tu:.m r
: <7:Oi»* Hau Joao and Way HtaU.nia (New
Aluiadeii Weilnwda|» only) , *li3Up
t~:U«A Sunday Eteitxslon fcr San Joml
Santa Crux. i'aciSc Grot a and
Principal Way Btation* .^... l%:**r
•»'•«* Han .loin. T>mi l'iuoa. Mantk Cms.
Pacillo tlrote. I'aso U»hlM. Han
Lull Oliiitxt, Murf, i.oinpoo and
Principal \V«t St«iini,s MllAp
¦IOi«n, 8 SO j llM .,„! Way Stations *«i3.1*
•IIi2»a Han.l»«e,LoeGatoaai><IVV'aTHUt1ani *3i3l>p
t«i4SpSau Mat-o, Itedwooi. Metilo P»r*.
Palo Alto. h*Dta Olar*. Han .)<«*.
Tres Plnos. SauU Cms, Salinaa.
Monterey ami FaeiAc (irove ft»i.T«A
t*i3«-r Han Jose and War Statl o>M «7sa'».
f4il3p S»u Jnnind Principal War Stations *9:43a
f3:«*r 8»n Jom, Lcs Oaten aod Principal
Way Station* I9:O«»
*S:SOr flan Joae and Prtncrnal Way Station* t'lM*
•«l:3O> San Jose aud WayStatlons ?»:•«»
Uli-iap Han Jong and Way Stations *?>3Or
A (or Morning. P for A f temoon.
•Daily. f Suixlay eieepted. t Sunday only.
b Saturday only.
4 Saturday and SuurUy . . . e Monday only.
CAUFOKNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. COL
LBSSBID
SAH FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIF1D
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN HXFAKU
WEEK DAT3— 7:30. 9^0. ll:C0 a. m.: 12:35*
I^X 5:10. t:30 p. m. Thursday*— Hxtra trl?
at 11:30 d. rn. Saturdays— Extra trjes at 1;W
. and 11:30 o. m.
BUN DAYS-* :W. »:». U:00 a. m.7 1:30. 3:30.
(:0O. «:20 d. ra.
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN TRANCISCO.
"WEEK DAYS— d:10. 7:£0. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 13:43.
1:40. 3:15 p. ra. Saturdays— Extra . trips • at
J:I5 and «:33 d. m.
St T NDATS-<:10. 1:40. 11:19 a. m.j l:t\ 1:40.
6:06. 8:25 p. m.
Between Han Francisoo and Sc&uetsan Park
same schedule aa abovn.
L*av» . J In Bffect. j Arrive
Ban Francisco. (Apr. 15. 1900.1 San rranclsyy
Week J Bun- J 1 Bun- I "Wee*
Days, f days. [ Destination.) days. | D<tys.
T:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 ami 8:40 am
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. <:05 pm 10:25 am
8:10 pm 5:<X> pan Santa Rosa. 7:35 pzn! (:2Q. ptn
Fttlton. I
too am Windsor. 10:25 aa
Healdabunr-
Lytton.
Oeyaervllle.
t:SO pm 8:00 am Cloverdaie. 7:35 pm t:V) pm
"tisTaJmj | Hopland j [19:23 ara
t:SO pml 8:00 am[ and Uklah. | T:33 pm! 8:30 pm
'liNtn 10:3ft aa
S:00 am Guern*TiHe. 7^5 pm
1:30 pm 8:20 pta
T:30am 8:00 am Bonoma 9:15 am 8:40 ana
and
1:13 pm 5:00 pm GI*n Ellen. <:CS pm 8:20 pq
T:20 am| 8:00 am] [10:40 am|10:2S an*
1:20 pm! S:00 pm| BebastopoL I 7:35 pm| 1:30 pta
Btajraa connect at 9anta Rcaa for Mark Wei:
BpTlii?9 and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton- Springs: at
Geyserrtlle for SkagK' Pprln«s: at Cloverdal*
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Bprlnsj^, Highland Perinea. Kel«eyvllle Carli-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakenort and Bartlatt
Bprlngi: at tritlah for Vichy Sprlnir*. 8anttog>
Eprlns-9. Blue Lakes. Laurel Del! Lake. Wltte?
Bprlnc>. Upper Lake. Potao, Potter Valley.
John Day's. Rl-r»ratd«, LJerleys. Bncknell's.
Bar.hedrin Heights. Hull-rtlle. Orr*a Hot
8print:s. Mendoclno City, Fort Bras-g-, West-
port. ITfal. Wllllta, LaytonvHK Cummins.
Ball » Bprlnsa. Harris, Olsen'i. Dyer. Scotia
jtnd Cnreka.
Saturday to llondar roond trt9 tickets a*
Induced rates.
Oa Sunday round trip ticket! to an potnt*
>«yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office*. 830 Market st.. Chronicle bid*.
8JL C. WHITXXO. R. X. RTAN.
I Oeneral Masassr. Gen. Pasa. Jkxeat...
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing; April 22, 1300.
FROM SAM FRANCISCO TO MUi, VAliLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:00. "8:30. S:3O, U:00 a. m.;
12:45. *1:45, J:15. 4:15. •5A5. 8:15. «:4O p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondayi, Wednesdays. Saturday*
and Sundays, at 9:00 asd 11:33 p. m,
SUNDAYS— 7:00. •3:00. rtO:00. U:00, 11:S>
a. m.; 12:45. 1:30. t:SO. »3:4S. »:00. 8:00. 7:S>
p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not rnn ta San Rafael Bun-
days.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAM RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 3:35. t:3O. T.iO, 8:40. •lO-.U a.
m.; 12:30. 1:18. 2:15, »3:30. 4:30. 5:30 p. ra.
EXTRA TREP8 on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at *<:43 and 10:21 p. m.
SUNDAYS*— 6:15. •8:00. *i:50, »ll:00 a. m.: ISM
m.; 1:00, 2:15 *3:S0. 4:30. «3:43. «:45. 7:30. 10:20
p. m.
Trains marked (•) «tart from San Quentin.
FltOM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 5:53. 6:45. 8:00. 8:55. 10:30 a.
m. : 12:33. 1:4T.. 2:45. 3:30, 4:30. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:53. S:05. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.; 12:15,
1:20 2:30. 3:»S, 4:53. 6:13. 7:05. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
3:i:> p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tion*.
12:43 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta-
tlors.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily
Leave llar'i«;-t-street Ferry Depot.
Lve. San Francisco.! 9:V> a m|4:10 p m 8:00 p m
Arr. Stocktun 1I:3<) p m 7:13 p m 11:05 p m
" Merced 2:J-' p m l:is a ra
" Fresno *:V> p zn 3:05 a m
" Vitalia 8:00 p rn 4:50 am
" Tulare «:22pm 3:10 am
•* Hanford 6:33 pm 7:06 am
•* BakenCeld ... 8:30 p ra 7:30 am
•* Denver 10:00 a m — •^——
" Kansas City... 5:13 p m
" Chicago 7:<0am
9 a. m. train is the Overland Express. Corre-
sponding train art-lves at ti p. rn. dally.
4:10 o. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspondlnc
train arrives at 11:D a. m. dally.
8:1)0 p. m. Is Fresno and Bakersfleld Express.
with Sleeping Cars tor both cities. Correspond-
ing train arrives at & a. m. daily.
OFFICES— 841 Market st. and In Ferrr Depot. '
San Francisco; 1113 Broadway. Oakland.
BAIIiBOAD TEAVEL.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry*
"WEEK DAYS 9:30 a. m,, 1:45 and 5:15 p. m
SUNDAYS. ..S. 9. 10. 11 a. ra.. 1:00 and 2:30 p. m.
Fare. Pan Francisco ta Summit and return, $1 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN
- TICKET OFFICES.... 621 MARKET ST.,
Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
hK*-jP*^tjaitn lH34 1or thetrmtmentot Private
i aJA-'I «r Diseases, Lost Manhood Debility or
< i*T^w«.w5%'1i»ea3e'rearlnKoi]oodyandmicaand
SaSkinlMieases. I'htdoctorcuresxhen
&V'K»»<foi ( l" tb ' lrsfa "- Try him. Charge* low
"•;*i I iJfa;"**iSJ«'n»-«'*«iaai-.-»n««-*1. Callorwrlte,
Or, j. *'. utBBOJii Cox lU37.San tfraaciaco
ASSESSMENT notice— Honolulu Plantation
Company, location of principal place of busi-
ness, San Francisco, California. Notice Is
hereby given that at a meeting of the board
of directors, held on the 22d day of August,
1SC0, an asspEsment No. 1 of one (»1) dollar
per share was levied upon the capital rtock
of the corporation, payable Immediately . In
United States sold coin to the secretary at
tho office of the company, No. 827 Market St.,
dan Francisco. California.
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 16th day of October,
19>T0, will be delinquent, and advertised for
S3le at public auction, and unless payment
is made before will be sold on Thursday, tha
1st day of November, 1900, to pay the delin-
quent assessment, together with the costs of
advertising and exr»;ns*s of sale.
E. H. SHELDON.
Secretary of Honolulu Plantation Company.
Office located at No. 327 Market St., Saa
Francisco, California.
ASSESSMENT notice — Honolulu Suear Com-
pany, location of principal place of business,
Stn Francisco, California. Notice Is hereby
Kiven that at a meeting of the board of direc-
tors, held on the 22d day of August. 1900, an
assessment No. 8 of nine ($9) dollars per
share was levied upon the capital stock of
the corporation. payable Immediately In
United States gold coin to the secretary at
tha, office of the company, No. 327 Market EL,
Kan Francisco, California.
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the Sth day of October,
IK'0. will be delinquent, and advertised for
sale at public auction, and unless payment is
made before will be sold on THURSDAY,
the 25th day of October. 1900, to pay the de-
linqutmt assessment, together with the costs
of advertising and expenses of sale.
E. H. SHELDON,
Secretary of Honolulu Sugar Company.
Office located at No. S27 Market »t., San
Francisco, California.
A WEEK'S news for 6 eente— The "Weekly Call.
36 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
ASSESS.MENT >OTICES.Says Husband. Deserted Her.
Mrs. Esther Horn filed suit yesterday
against her husband.- Esldor Horn, for
maintenance. MrB. Horn ; says her hus
band deserted her on -August 26 last and
has since refused to contribute to her sup
port. The defendant" conducts a .factory
at 460H Natoma street and: a: retail busi
ness at 035 Market street. .
Delinquent Insurance Companies.
For some unaccountable reason the
names of many insurance companies In
this city have not. been entered on ibe
Tax Collector's books, and they bavi
escaped the payment of their licenses as
required by law. The amount due from
the various fire, marine and life Insurance
companies is estimated at $5000. A list !s
now being prepared, and they will t>e
asked to pay up.
Hate for City Telephones Reduced.
President Sabln of the Pacific Telegraph
and Telephone Company accepted the
proposition of the Mayor to reduce the
coet of telephones from $7 50 to $5
per month, to bring the* telephone ex
pense within the app.roprlation. The
special committee will instruct the School
and Fire Departments to pay for their
telephones at the reduced rate, though
Supervisor McCarthy holds such action
Illegal on the ground that It is not in ac
cordance with the charter to pay bills for
supplies purchased under a specific appro
priation out of another aDcroDrlation. -
Supreme Court Decisions.
The Supreme Court ha.« handed down
<lfe<~5^ions In the following cases: Richard
& Knox vs. W. H. Bradley and Mrs. H.
E. Grr-Fory, order affirmed: J. Ellis Rod
l^y and J. F. Barnes vs. Georpe Lyons.
1u«5RTner:t and orders affirmed; » Pietro
Queirolo vs. Ropa Queirolo. order af
f:rr.?e<3: San Jose Lar.d and Water Com
pj-siy vs. San Jose Ranch Company, judg
ment tmd ord*»r affirmed; Jf»nnl« Ober
lander vn. Flxen & Co., order 'granting:
a. new trial affirmed.
Begisterl Registerl
Registration closes September 26. Pre
cir.ct registration Saturday, September
15. and Batnrday. September 22. Offle*
open at <*ity Hall from fc:30 a. m. to 10 p
rn. daily. , •
Quarantine Officers' Salaries.
The salary demands of Dr. I. E. Cohen,
J. S. Wilklns and Engineer Jones of the
quarantine boat will be paid by Auditor
Wells. The claims are for eight days'
work in January. 1900. Judge Seawell
holds that they were employes of the
former Health Board, which did not go
out of olflce until January 8. and conse
quently are entitled to the money for
which, they sued.
The demands of the Board of Health.
Public Works and Fire Commissioners for
stationery and printing were returned
yesterday by the Auditor. Wells holds
that they should be made on the printing
and stationery appropriation instead of
the maintenance fund.
No Evidence From Europe.
Judge Troutt has denied the application
of the executors of the will of the late
Julius Friedman to send a representative
to Europe to uecure evidence to prevent
possible succesa of the contests to the
testament which have been filed. The
executors— William Alvord, Edward L.
Lande and I. M. Frledberj?— set forth that
in their opinion no relatives or others en
titled to succeed to decedent's estate, or a
portion thereof, were In existence, but
this fact could alone be proved by send
inj? a representative to Europe. Judge
Troutt held that this proceeding would
unnecessarily burden the estate, and de
nied the application. An exception to the
ruling of the court was taken by the ex
ecutors.
In the Divorce Court.
Kate L- Whitney's action for a divorce
from Charles B. Wnltney was partly
beard by Judge Bahrs yesterday. Mr. and
Mrs. Whitney charge each other with de
tertion. and in addition Whitney claims
his wife fired four shots at him not long
ago. The case will be decided next week
Tne divorce inrtituted by Minnie Wurth
mann arainst U« rnhard Wurthmann has
betn submitted f<->r decision. Decrees of
divorce were granted yesterday to Annie
V. Mayer from Samuel Mayer, for ex
treme cruelty; NHiie F. Jordan from
Krank C. Joro*:i. for desertion, and Kate
Iversen from Oiar|.--s M. Iversen. for infl
<MHy. Suits inr divorce were filed yes
terday by Charl<"» Czerney apainst Dora
Cxeroey. for doertion: Henrietta Erner
lion aprainpt Edward \V. Emerson for
cruelty; Arnie L. Man^ir.I against Jo'seph
Manjiinl. for cruplty; Kr.tie Martin
epalnst Harry Strteur Martin, for fail
ure to provide: Josephine Nygren against
John E. ICygron. for cruelty, and Gunav
A. Oabrifison r gainst Alice Gabrielson
fcr desertion.
Brown's Wnarf Into the
Water.
The Pet Animal Pushed the Boy Off
Chris Ilcnson, the 4-year-old son of
Christian Uanr-pn. master of the schooner
Itosio H, was drowned yesterday after
noon near Brown's wharf, between North
Point and Leaven worth street. The little
feilOTv wa? playing with several children
of about hi? own age. accompanied by a
large dog. and the dog ran against the
boy and pushed him off the wharf.
Seme cne threw the little fellow a rope,
but it Flipped from his grasp and be sank
Immediately.
ScveraJ boatmen grappled for the body
and recovered it at 3 o'clock, about a
quarter of an hour after the accident hap
pened. The body was taken to the
ilorjrue. The parents of the boy live at
TIC Bay street.
LITTLE CHRIS HANSEN
DROWNED BY HIS DOG
The Southern Pacific Company an
nounces tha.t Sunday, tne 30th inst., is the
date set apart for the great annual ex
cursion to Santa Cruz, and which will
enable excursionists to visit this beauti
ful city by the sea before the close of
the summer season and participate with
the other visitors in the enjoyment of
swimming, boating, driving, etc.
As heretofore tiie excursion will be
under the personal supervision of Colonel
William H. Menton, the well known ex
cursion passenger agent of the Southern
Pacific Company, wuo will see to it that
the excursionists are well cared for.
These trains (the excursion beinj? run
probably In three sections) will be run
over the scenic Narrow Gauge Route
through the famous Santa Clara Valley
and alone the beautiful streams which
wind through the magnificent redwood
forests of the Santa Cruz Mountains.
The round trip rate ior this occasion has
been placed at the very low price of $2,
and special excursion tickets will oe
placed on sale at the Grand Hotel ticket
office on September 24th, 25th, 26th, 27th,
28th and 29th and at the depot ticket of
fice en the morning of the excursion.
Those Intending to avail themselves of
this opportunity will take the 7:45 a. m.
boat from the San Francisco ferry land-
Ing. Train leaves Fomteenth and Frank
lin streets at 7:45 a. m. and from Alameda
(Park street) at 8:20 a. m. Returning-, ex
cursionists will be landed at San Fran
cisco at 8:05 p. m.
by the Sea,
A Good Opportunity to Enjoy the
Many Attractions of the City
SPLENDID TRAINS OF FIRST
CLASS COACHES AND A VERY
LOW BATE OF FARE.
THE GREAT EXCURSION
TO SANTA CRUZ
The friendly relations hitherto existing
between her imperial Majesty's British
empire and United States Secret Service
Agent George W. Hazen have become
seriously strained, and there is likely to
be an open rupture between the two.
Acting British Vice Consul Moore Is
blamed by Chief^ Hazen for the combined
comminuted fracture of the diplomatic
entente.
"He wanted to put me on a level with
a British constable;" said Chief Hazen
yesterday. "I had been engaged by the
British Government to take Julian Tre
gcnna«Blddulph Arnold to London,- and
now. Mr. Moore says that I must travel
second class, because the British con
stabulary travel that way. I am a little
higher than a British constable, and t
told him so. My district embraces the
States of California, Nevada and Arizona,
which cover territory three or four times
larger than the whole of England. Sec
ond class, indeed!"
Chief Hazen took an active part in the
capture'of- Arnold and earned the grati
tude of British Consul Plckersglll. The
Consul suggested to the British Embas
sador at Washington that Chief Hazen
should be selected to take Arnold back to
London, and the British Embassador re
quested Chief Wilkie to give Chief Hazen
the necessary permission. It was given
and Chief Hazen had his wardrobe packed
in readiness for a hurry start as soon as
the. extradition order was issued by the
Secretary of State.
When United States District Judge de
Haven dismissed -the writ of habeas cor
pus a few days ago Chief Hazen spoke to
"Vice Consul Moore about the trip. Then
the Vice Consul made the shocking re
mark about the second-clas3 passage and
the British constabulary. Chief Hazen re
plied that he was no second-class man —
that the United States Government did
not. expect its officials to travel second
class and that he would. go first class or
not at all. A day or two later Mr. Moore
agreed that Mr. Hazen might ride in a
Pullman from San Francisco to New York
and that the prisoner would be taken from
that port to England by two constables
from Scotland Yard. Chief Hazen replied
that he would go as agent clear to London
if he went at all, and he gave Mr. Moore
notice that the "Incident was closed" so
far. as he- was concerned.
So, after all, the English girls will not
have an opportunity cf admiring the curl
ing mustache of the secret service agent.
Relations Between the British Em
pire and the Secret Service, De
partment of the Pacific Coact
Seriously Strained.
His Dignity Outraged by
Vice Consul Moore in
the Arnold Matter.
CHIEF HAZEN IN
A PULLMAN MAY
NOT RIDE A1AY
G00D CITIZENS
WILL NOT BEND
TO BOSS YOKE
There Js a chance in politics for honest
men to get their dues, for, strange as it
may seem, the bosses have fallen out.
The henchmen of Burns are reviling Mar
tin Kelly, and rounders that infested the
Mint saloon are saying hard things of the
Burns push. The cause of the trouble is
traced to the wild cavorting of Kelly in
the Republican Municipal Convention at
Bnai B'rith Hall Wednesday afternoon.
The. followers of Burns assert that Kelly
had no warrant for intruding his person
ality, as the programme provided. that the
Ruef rollcall should be accepted without
quibbling. It Is contended by the critics
of Kelly that a suiilcient number of votes
had been pledged to Bergerot to secure
the latter's election, hence Martin Kelly's
exhibition of boss effrontery was uncalled
for and disastrous. The decree has gone
forth from the Burns corral that Kelly
must be turned down publicly and severe
ly rebuked lor glaring and pernicious ac
tivity on the floor of the convention.
Kelly Wanted to Impress Herrin.
Another story, and one that seems
plausible, Is to the eifecc that Kelly de
liberately took the wind from the sail?
of Dibble, Lynch and Goldberg so that he
could sail up to Herrln and present Ber
gerot as the prbduct of Mint saloon boss
ism. Kelly has no special love for Burns.
It is quite well known that Burns regards
Kelly as a "lobster" in politics and never
fails to advise Herrln that Kelly is not
tit to be trusted in handling boodle for
Supervisors and legislators. Kelly resents
thu Mexican's assumption of superiority
and virtue. In Kelly's catalogue Bogus
Telegram Lynch is rated as tne slowest
lobster in the bunch. Kelly's motive,
therefore, in displaying his strength on
the floor of the convention was to Impress
Herrin with the notion that he could man
age affairs without the assistance of
Burns, Lynch and Dibble.
Boss Ticket Would Be Repudiated.
It is acknowledged all around that Kelly
has tire convention, but the question is,
What Is he going to do with it? Hun
dreds of well-known Republicans assert
that it is so thoroughly discredited that
a ticket put forth under its auspices
would be instantly repudiated and reject
ed by the masses of the party.
It is reported that orfers of compromise
will be made to the decent elements of the
convention, but the anti-boss forces- of
the County Commiii.ee resolved at the
outset that they would never compromise
I with fraud find crime. Comparison of rec
ords since the adjournment of the conven
tion shows that Bergerot's election was
obtained by false counting. The boss del
egations In voting under the unit rule
voted absentees, out Chairman Bouvier
refused to allow application of this rule
in the voting of anti-boss delegations. In
the Forty-second District Wilson was de
prived ol ten votes by the ruling of Bou
vler:
Anti-Boss Forces to Caucus. ;
A caucus of the • anti-boss forces will
probably be held early next week. The
course to be pursued in the future may be
shaped by the expression of the best Re
publican pentiment. The Call has stead
fastly maintained from the beginning that
the workingmen, merchants, professional
men and taxpayinc citizens of Republican
talth could never be marched to the polls
under the banner of Kelly, Crlmmlns,
Lynch and Dibble.- Clean nominations by
a clean convention are demanded. There is
a widespread and growing sentiment
among Republicans in favor of independ
ent action in the cause of good govern
ment and clean politics.
Twenty -Ninth District Meeting.
The Twenty-ninth District 'Democratic
Club had an enthuclastic meeting at the
headquarters on Howard street, near
Fourth, last night. The hall was crowded
with residents of the district attracted by
Pavilion To-Night
Elaborate Preparations to Open Cali
fornia Campaign "for McKinley
and Roosevelt at Mechanics'
Kelly's Convention Is Dis
credited by Clean, Pear-
less Republicans.
WALTERS' STORY TOO
THIN FOR THE JURY
Ingenious Tale of the Santa Rosa
Counterfeiter Helped to In-
sure His Conviction.
Walter Walters was convicted yester
day by a jury in the United States Dis
trict Court of having had seventeen coun
terfeit nickels in his possession, together
with a complete counterfeiting apparatus,
In Santa Rosa on June 30 of this year. He
was ordered to appear for sentence next
Saturday.
Walters swore on the stand that the
antimony, tin, lead and tools found in his
room by United States Secret Service
Agent liazen were used by him In mend
ing mllkcans while he was working as a
cook and barkeeper. He explained the
possession of a bucket of fine dentist's
plaster of parts by saying that he used it
to cover flowers with that he was send
ing to friends in the East. The plaster,
he alleged, kept the flowers fresh and
unfaded. The seventeen bad nickels
found in his possession, he said, had been
given him in change by a friend whose
name he could not remember
the announcement that R. Porter Ashe,
candidate for Congress, would speak.
Mr. Ashe was received with great en
thusiasm, but excused himself from mak
ing an extended address on the Issues of
the day, as he had promised to reserve his
'first regular campaign speech for his own
Assembly district. He thanked the dele
gates from the Twenty-ninth District for
standing by him in the convention and
assured his auditors that In him they did
not have a dude candidate." as he was born
and reared south of Market street.
Assemblyman Warden also made a short
address. Before Ashe's arrival J. E.
Murphy, one of the candidates for the
Democratic nomination for Justice of the
Peace, made a stirring speech.
Determined efforts were made to defeat
Hon. C. M. Belshaw for the .Republican
nomination for the Senate in the district
comprised by the .counties of Martn and
Contra Costa. The opposition to Mr. Bel
shaw came chleily from the Southern Pa
cific Company. In the Legislature he
was Independent and outspoken. When
orders were given by the railroad for Re
publican Assemblymen to fall into lino
and support Burns for the United States
Senate, Mr. Belshaw firmly refused to
obey. In the campaign preceding the re
cent primary election for delegates to the
nominating convention Mr. Belshaw sub
mitted a plain statement of facts to the
people of his Senatorial district, and they
sustained his course in the Assembly by
electing delegations favorable to his nom
ination for the Senate. In a fair contest
he won and received the nomination.
The political agents of- the Southern Pa
cific are now casting about for a Demo
cratic nominee to oppose Mr. • Belshaw.
Jere Burke, speaking for the railroad, is
making overtures to J. M. Mekins of Ma
rin County. In order to persuaxle Mr.
Mekins to enter the race against Belshaw,
the promise of Southern Pacific support is
tendered. JCo doubt the bosses and po
litical agents of the railroad will nut up a
strong Democratic tight against Mr. Bel
shaw. It has been demonstrated that he
will not take programme orders." and Is
therefore not the kind of a man that the
railroad wants in the Legislature. v
Great Meeting at the Pavilion.
The Union League Club and the Repub
lican State Central Committee are mak
ing elaborate preparations for the great
meeting at the Mechanics' Pavilion this
evening. The orators of the occasion —
United States Senator Charles \V. Fair
banks and Hon. F. E.'Holloway of Indi
ana — will hp escorted, to 'he nnvii'nn b''
the Bear Club. A. G. Booth, president of
the Union League, Will intsiue ai the
demonstration. Popular songs will be
rendered by the Glee Club. Senator Fair
banks will arrive in. San Francisco this
forenoon. He will be the guest of the
Union League to-morrow forenoon. 'io
morrow evening he- will -address tho peo
ple of San Jose. Eugene F. Loud, Repub
lican nominee for Congress in tne .tilth
District, will accompany the Indiana Sen
ator on the trip to the Garden City.
Samuel M. -Shortridge. candidate for
Elector-at-large on the Republican ticket,
will address the citizens of Petaluma this
evening. There is a great demand for the
eloquent address which Mr. Shortridge de
livered: at the Santa Cruz convention. .
Thero was a prolonged conference of
party leaders at Republican State head
quarters. Palace Hotel, yesterday. Eu
gene F. Loud. Frank I>. Coombs and S. D.
Woods, candidates for Congress, attend
ed. Among. the candidates for the Elec
toral College present were S. 1 M. Short
ridge, Frank McGowan, W. R. Davis and
C. D. Rode. As a result. of the confer
ence hints may be given to campaign ora
tors. Reports of accession to Republican
ranks were received. -
Major Kyle Called to Ohio.
The accomplishments- of Major C. W.
Kyle as a campaign orator have attracted
the attention of Eastern committees. Col
onel Charles W. Dick, chairman of the
Ohio Republican executive committee,
has invited Major Kyle to join the cam
paign In that State, and the major -will
leave San Francisco In time to speak at
Columbus, Ohio, next Friday, evening
Major Kyle's work in 1896 and 1838 .was
highly commended on account of its /ar
dor and originality. Two years ago he
campaigned the Seventh District -of this
State for J. C. Needham, the Republican
nominee for^Congress. The district gave
Mnguire, the Democratic candidate for
Governor. 2000 • majority. Yet Needham
won it handsomely, and much of the
credit for the victory was ascribed to
Major. Kyle. '
Jasper McDonald has issued a call for a
meeting: of the -Democratic County Com
mittee at Native Sons' Hall this evening.
The committee will provide a plan for the
election of . delegates to the municipal
nominating convention.' The Democratic
organization in the city. is controlled by
Gavin McNab. Whatever he says goes.
Phelan and Hearst are compelled* to take
any kind of medicine that McNab chooses
to administer. •
WILLIE'S NEW SAND1A/ICH 7VY/\N.
Curran Tamily Troubles.
Frank Curran, a waiter in the St. Nich
olas Hotel, was before Judge Cabaniss
yesterday charged with threatening to kill
his wife. CUirran said that his 17-year
old daughter had run away from home
about two weeks ago, which had driven
him to drink. He had some words with
his wife about the girl, but he denied that
he had threatened to kill her. A son 12
years old said that hia father had always
been kind to his family except that one©
when he and his mother quarreled. The
Judge released Curran on his own recog
nizance on his promise that he would keep
away from his wife, and continued the
case for a week.
MEXICO'S SONS
WILL CELEBRATE
DAY OF FREEDOM
Independence of Their Na
tion Is Again Called to
Memory.
Sunday, September 15. marks the nine
tieth anniversary of the declaration of in
dependence by the Mexican nation. As
each year has passed the local Mexican
colony, numbering 4000, has made the oc
casion one for celebration. This year,
however, it is felt that the nmety-year
mark calls for something special In th- (
way of festivities, and accordingly Sunday
will be made one round of pleasure.
In the morning the various residents
will entertain at each other's houses. At
2 o'clock there will be a fine programme
of literary exercises in Odd Fellows' Hall
at Seventh and Market streets, to be fol
lowed In the evening by a grand ball,
which will be kept up till Monday morn
ing. Prior to the ball there will be a
grand banquet in Odd Fellows' Hall.
A rehearsal of the literary exercises was
held last night under the supervision of
A. de la Torre Jr. The programme, which
is a lengthy one, contains several inter
esting numbers, among them being: Read
ing of the Mexican Declaration of Inde
pendence by A. de la Torre Jr. ; a patriotic
poem by F. Carranza; an address by
James D. Phelan; ark oration in Spanish
by H. K. Jlminez, and the oration of the
day by Hon. Julius Kahn. An Interesting
number will be the singing of the Mexican
national anCiem by a chorus of seventy
live voices.
The honorary president of the day will
be Alexander K. Coney," Mexican Consul
General: president, Charles. A. Baez; mas
ter of ceremonies, A. de la Torre Jr., and
Gustavus Levy, vice president. The exec
utive committee having- the affair In
charge is composed of the following: Dr.
A. Maldonado, F. Carranza, C. Jlminez,
A. Rojo, P. Espinosa, S. Villalobos, V.
Medina, S. McManus, F. Olmedo, R. Gll
lardo. A. Suarez, A. Montero, M. Lacaro
and L. Jlminez.
m
Mexican War Veterans Celebrate.
The Association of Veterans of the
Mexican War will celebrate this evening
at 22 O'Farrell street the fifty-third anni
versary of the entranre of American
troops Into Mexico. Tnere are about
eighty active members in the association,
and they all feel young enough to again
take their chances on the field of battle.
The officers of the association are: W.
C. Burnett, president; A. C. Lay ton and
Joseph Stewart, vice presidents; S. J.
Loop, treasurer, and W. L. Duncan, aec
retar y-
The Entire Mexican Colony Deter
mines to Make the Present Oc
casion One cf the Most Elab
orate They Have Held.
The stockholders of the Pacific 'Coast
Jockey Club have taken one of the most [
significant steps in the history of
their corporation, and one which
seems deeply significant to the Interests
of horse racing in this State. At a stormy
meeting, in which every measure was bit
terly fought by an aggressive minority,
the stockholders voted conditionally to
lease the Ingleside track to the San Fran
cisco Jockey Club, the new association or
ganized under the direction and presi
dency of Prince Ponlatowskl and now
controlling Tanforan Park.
In voting to give this lease the stock
holders appointed a committee of three
to pass upon terms and conditions and re
port its recommendations yesterday to
the main body. A meeting was held, but
nothing was done, and now the minority
claims that no lease has been determined
upon and that the whole proceeding is ;
irregular and illegal. The majority in
sists that the committee has unquestion
ed power to act, present its suggestions
and leave them to the ratification of the
stockholders.
Incidental to the main business of the
first meeting was another of importance—
the summary removal of Henry J.
Crocker as a director of the Pacific Coast
Jockey Club by the directors and the elec
tion of Hall McAllister in his stead. ( The
remarkable fact was discovered that the
books of the association showed that
Henry J. Crocker does not possess a single
share of stock and is In consequence with
out right to act as a director.
The first and stormy meeting of the
stockholders was held on Wednesday
with M. P. Tarpey in the chair and the
following present: F. H. Green, Charles
A. Gardner, Wellington Gregg Jr., Wil
liam Angus, Hall McAllister, Henry Ach.
F. Misner and Ixmls Ivissak. Henry Ach
acted for himself, A. F. Ullman and Pat
rick Dunne. William Argus represented
M. A. Gunst as well as himself, and Louis
Lissak represented Thomas H. Williams
Jr. Upon roll call it was shown that 41u3
shares out of a total of 4962 were repre
sented by the owners or by proxies. Of
the 859 shares which were not represent
ed at the meeting, 700 were in the name
of the notorious Edward Corrlgan.
As soon as the meeting opened it was
seen that a stubborn minority, represent
ed persistently by Henry Ach and occa
sionally by Louis Lissak, was present.
This minority held 1159 Bhares of stock
and necessarily was defeated upon every
point. But Ach was persistent to the end,
fighting every measure, even that which
called the meeting to order. He objected
to the meeting on the ground that no
legal notice had been given. He was over
! ruled. He objected to the reception of
1 Gunst's proxy and again •was outvoted.
Hall McAllister asked if it were not
true that Director Henry J. Crocker did
not own a share of stock in the corpora
tion. He was told that Crocker owned no
stock according to the books. McAllister
moved therefore that Crocker's seat as a
director be declared vacant and that his
successor be elected to the vacancy. Lis
8ak seconded the motion, and Ach ob
jected to the entire proceeding, claiming
that the stockholders had no right to cre
ate a vacancy or fill one In the directory.
McAllister's motion prevailed and Henry
J. Crocker ceased to be a director. Upon
motion of Angus and the second of Mis
ner, McAllister was elected to fill the va
cancy.
Then came the struggle over the main
business of the session — the lease of In
gleside track to the San Francisco Jockey
Club. Angus declared that he had re
ceived a paper, which he proceeded to
read. It was a proposed agreement be
tween the Pacific Coast Jockey Club and
the San Francisco Jockey Club in which
the former leased to the latter the prop
erty known as the Ingleside track. It was
explained that the lease would be for ten
years and that the San Francisco Jockey
Club would guarantee to the Pacific Coast
Jockey Club a 4 per cent annual Interest
upon Its Investment and an adequate In
surance upon its property. Ach moved
that the document be laid upon the table.
His motion was lost, and trie lease was
before the stockholders for their consid
eration.
Ach objected to the lease on the ground
that no stated sum of money was as
sured; that the San Francisco Jockey
Club was not sufficiently Identified, and
that the Pacific Coast Jockey Club had no
right to lease Its property. These and a
score of other objections in like vein he
made, and then McAllister moved that the
Pacific Coast Jockey Club lease its prop
| erty to the San Francisco Jockey Club
and that the terms and conditions of the
lease be submitted to a committee of three
to pass upon the lease and make recom
mendations at an adjourned meeting of
the stockholders. This motion was sec
onded by Misner and Gregg and was car
ried, Ach, Dunne. Ullman and Williams
voting in the negative.
The president being authorized to ap
point the committee of three, he chose
McAllister, Angus and Ach. Ach declined
I to serve and Lissak was selected. He
| also refused, and there being no one else
In the minority Wellington Gregg Jr. was
chosen. He resigned in favor or Charles
A. Gardner, who accepted.
After a series of questions propounded
by Ach It was, then txplained that no final
action whatever had been taken in refer
ence to a lease. A committee of three had
simply been appointed to suggest terms
1 and conditions and a report must be made
to the stockholders for their considera
tion. Ach asked the committee if every
. one of them had not already fully deter
mined to lease the property of the Pacific
Coast Jockey Club to the San Francisco
Jockey Club by virtue of directions ob
tained from Prince Poniatowskl. Angus
replied that he would answer fully when
he made his report to the adjourned meet-
Ttiat adjourned meeting was held yester
day, but it also adjourned without accom
plishing anything, ' and there the affair
rests for the present. The Pacific Coast
. Jockey Club has voted to lease its Ingle
side property conditional upon the renort
of a committee In reference to terms. That
committee Is not yet ready to suggest
terms.
The reason for the sudden an«l unexpect-
I ed adjournment of the meeting yesterday
was that one of the prominent members
i of the association who favors the leasing
I of Ingleslde received a telegram from
I Prince Poniatowski to do nothlnjr until
further notice from him. The Prince is
not sure of his ground and it may be that
the deal he was engineering will never be
I consummated. At the meeting on Wednes
| day Henry Ach wanted to know partic
u*.nrly what the San Francisco Jockey
I Club Intended to pay for the lease, if" the
club Intended to pay 4 per cent net upon
the actual cost and amount of monev In
vested in the property of the Pacific Coast
Jockey Club. Until that question is an
swered there will be no further negotia
tions.
INGLESIDE MAY
BE LEASED TO
THE NEW CLUB
Stormy Session of Stock
holders to Decide the
Question.
Committee of Three Chosen to Bec
\ omxnond Terms and Conditions.
Henry J. Crocker Bemoved
as Director.
SCHOOL BOARD
WILL APPOINT
MORE TEACHERS
intendent.
Wili Relieve the Congestion
Reported by the Super-
ty-Eight Teachers.
end Appointment of Twen-
Webster Preparing to Force by Law
Acceptance of His Classification.
The bombshell which Superintendent of
Schools Webster threw into the camp of
the Board of Education Wednesday re
garding the overcrowded condition of the
city's schools has borne fruit and has
oai:s'»d that body to take Immediate
action in order to relieve the congestion.
Chairman Mark announced yesterday
that the boarJ had decided to begin re
lieving' the rttuntion by immediately as
signing a teaorer to the Beroal Heights
School. The two vacant class rooms in
the IlrJght Primary will also be utilized.
and this frill n*v«"sita.te the appointment
of two rear* teachers. The South Knd
Primary and Buena Vista schools may
also get additional teachers. The beard
¦vrill to-day vieit the Columbia. South
End. Horace Mann. Falnnount. Haw
thorne, llaight. Marshall and Agasslz
schools, and if it rinds the existing con
ditions as represented by Superintendent
Webster more teachers will be assigned
where they are necessary. The surplus
pupils of the Apassiz will be sent to the
Ed:-=on School, and It is thought by the
board that another teacher will not be
r.oo-iicd there.
Superintendent Webster is delighted
tliat his report will result In the giving
of proper accommodations to all pupils.
He has received an intimation that the
board will proceed of its own motion to
carry out some of his recommendations,
though professing to make the needed
Improvements on its own account. He
sa>s that he simply did his duty in noti
fying the board of the lamentable condi
tion which its high classification had
brought about. The report is based on
the statement of principals, he says, and
it Is for the board to take, action to re
lieve the crowded condition of some
classes.
"I PhaM Insist."? said Mr. "Webster, "on
the appointment of twenty-eight teach
ers. I understand that the board Intends
to assign a few pedagogues, but I will
not recede from my stand that twenty
eight additional teachers are absolutely
neevssary. I have received competent le
iral advice that the board is usurping my
prerogative regarding classification, and
should it refuse to comply with my rec
ommendations regarding the same I shall
carry out certain plans now being formu
lated by my attorney to compel it to do
so. I do rot desire to involve any teach
ers ar.d that contingency will be avoided
In the method to be followed, which I do
not care to make public.
"The employment of twenty-e'ght teach
ers will about take care of those who
were consolidated out. and at the sam?
time right a grave injustice that was done
th*-m. *
"The proser.t b^ard seems to forget that
its prefleceatm in office did about all the
consolidation wcrk that could be done.
By legislation of 1SJ»3 the board made it
tscotabeat upon me to proceed with the
desiccation, and as a result 114 teach
er* were taken off the pay roll, which was
about r.s mu< h as the efficiency of the
department could stand. This action was
necessary because ih« previous board had
put 2St> :*-achers in the department, which
number was far in excess of the legal de
mands.
"The hoard backs up its classification
by stating that there will be a decrease
in attendance during the winter and
spring months. Also that a number of
tju; Ha w ( .l! be promoted from the ad
varced eighth grades to the high school.
While this may be true, it does not dissi
vaif the fact that there is a large num
lirr of <hildr*-n who are at present with
out accommodations which the law says
Ehoulr] be guaranteed them."
iiari: oxr.^ets that at least 500 pupils
•will po from the advanced eighth grades
of ihe Colombia. Denman, Crocker and
Horifie Mann schools to the high school
efur Christmas, and it is the intention of
the board to allow the grammar classes
to remain as ihey are after the promo
tions until the end of the term. Mark
says that the board will relieve the con-
CestM condition wherever it is justified
in doing so. H^ states that it is certain
that many of the substitute teachers •will
be regularly assigned in the chronological
order of thflr appointment.
Superintendent Webster called upon
Auditor Veils yesterday morning and
asked him if he would sign the salary de
mands of teachers which he proposes to
eppoint if the board refuses to do so. He
stated that his attorneys had advised him
that if there wits need of more teachers
the State law made it mandatory on him
to make the appointments.
"In that case." said the Auditor. "I will
request my attorneys to meet your legal
advisf rs. and whatever the Joint decision
may be I shall abide by it."
HOLMES' REACH
FOR ROYALTIES
WAS FRUITLESS
He Was Paid.
Is Net Entitled to a Patent
on Piers for Which
Attorney General Tlrey L». Ford and
E>eputy AV. M. Abl>ott have put a stop to
the attempt of : Chief Engineer H. C.
Holmes of the Harbor Commission to se
cure from the State thousands of dollars
in royalties on patent piling.
Holmes has been the engineer of the
board for many years? and was paid $250
per month by the State. In 1SS5 he was
directed to prepare plans and specifica
tions for the construction of a new pier
at Pacifio street.
The plan he proposed included steel cyl
inder i;iers, filled with concrete, with pile
cores in three piles each and a wooden
superstructure, etc., and the pier was
constructed In accordance with Holmes'
plans.
In November, 1S33. Holmes, unknown to
the board, made application for a patent
covering the method of construction as
described la his olflcial report, and on
Aprii 3. 1000, a patent was issued. Pier 7
was completed before Holmes applied for
his patent. The entire work was paid for
by the State. All c-y.per.ses. including the
office and office supply of Holmes, mate
rial for plar-s, specitic.itions and draw
ings, were paid for by the State.
In July, 1SS9, Holmes recommended the
reconstruction of Howard-street wharf.
In place of the steel cylinders, as used in
pier 7, he recommended wooden casings
with wroughtiron hoops. His plan was
adopted ar.d later plans and specifications
were completed and adopted by the board
and contracts let for the construction of
Howard-street wharf.
On May 2. 1900. the chief engineer In
formed the Commissioners that he was
about to submit plans and sptjeifieations
for piers 19, 21, 23 and 25. Before doinp so
he informed the board that he had been
allowed a patent for the construction of
the piers, as contained in his specifica-'
tions, and expected to be allowed a roy
alty for the use of the patent. This was
the hrst intimation that the board re
ceived of the existence of the patent
This opened the eyes of the board, and
the Attorney General was asked to ascer
tain Holmes' lepal rights if he had any.
1 he State's attorneys, in an opinion ren
dered yesterday, show that a person Is
not entitled to a patent for an invention if
ihe same has b«ren In public use or on
sale for two years prior to his application
therefor, unless the use has been experi
mental.
Referring to the use of the wooden cvl
:nders Instead of the steel cylinders the
opinion cites a large number of authori
ties which show that a person is not en
titled to a patent where there has been
merely a substitution of material for an
other without involving a new mode of
construction or developing anything sub
stantially new in the resulting structure
and that in the case in Question the
change from steel to wood Is not patent
£LU1£.
Which to Control Their
Chief Engineer.
The Attorney General Gives the Har
bor Commissioners Law by
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1900..
12
' Your, bosom friend. Gibson's St shirt: white or
colored/new line Just in p try one. 1204 iltrket."
n^ccmrr.enflpiS by jil-ytician*. "Water alnrarr
cleaa and warm. 'Tub oe^sriEaeiit L>est in city.*
S-wim at the Crystal Baths.
To Protect TJumb Animals.
,The lady members' of the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals held
their regular monthly meeting yesterday
afternoon at the Occidental Hotel, Mrs.
C. -B.IIolbrook, president of the society,
in the chair. >
- Mrs.* Holbrook read a paper , touching
on the work of the association and Mrs.
A.H.-Brod read an excellent treatise on
"Cats'* -that was written by Mrs. C. E.
Martling. president of the Pacific Cat
Ciub. The ladies of the society are at
present devoting all their time and energy
to the raising of funds to be used in se-
curing an officer to be stationed at Town-
send Street and .whose duty* it will be to
watch all cattle and .poultry cars.
"The American Porter" — The name describes
the color but only one who has tasted it can
describe : the flavor. The perfect production of
the Anheuser-Buseh Brewing Ass'n.
¦;; ; -^.rais®^ 2 * 1 ""^'
ADVEETISZilENTSL
'¦'" ••"¦-¦" w
I B y • (
' i We have folding: beds and folding , '
i beds. The above In particular— of • '
polished golden oalt. \» a favorlta 1
, style— prices from $12.50 to 95O.OO. ( '
— — — — — i
Send 5 cents in stamps for poct&c* (
• on new furniture catalog. ,
; THE J. NOON AN \
FURNITURE 00., In*. <
1017-1023 MISSION STREET, /
' Abo-re* Sth. phone South 14. S. K. \
( i
"Ko-Nut"
A pure vegetable fat from -
the cocoanut. Not a
substitute for lard, but a
complete victor over the
animal product. Fresh
Mush fried in
"Ko-Nut"
is a revelation.
Ask your grocer or write
India Refining Co.
Philadelphia. Pa.
rAiniess dbhtisthv* {££*
jgm^ No Plates Required. Jp«J
OUK REMOVABLE BRIDGE WORK IS
beautiful and durable. Warranted. 10 years.
Our *i plate3 «t like a Klove.
Our met. K .<«l f<jr painless extracting is patent-
ed and used l>7 no ether dentist on the Pacl2c
Coast.
rnice list for 30 days i
Fair.Ieas Kxtractlon Z5c
Removable fcriiigework.. $3.<hj
Amalgam "• ,.5C>o
Mrs. Dr. R. L. Walsh will attend to the chil-
dren's teeth— painlessly.
815*i GEART STREET, between Hyde and
Larkin. Telephone Polk 1133.
"DR. -JUSNOLTYs v
ri^nis v.'Erx-cxow.v and rkliable om>
I Sp«ia!UtrwM liloml Pu:w>n,(ionorrhcea,Ole»t.
Mirlc-tjrt.. Mcmlnul WMknw.. Impotence and their
allied Disorders. Hook on Diseases of Men, free
OverMrcaiVi'xperiPMoe.TprnMreasinnable.HoniV
!)to:Jdai:y;8:;at(>*.30.'V 1 Ks.Sand:iy^iotoliCi»iwul-
UitloMfreeandsucredly confidential. C»J1 or address
P. ROHCOR MfXILTY. 31. D.
20% Kcamy St., »uu Francisco, €»»