VOLUME L.XXXVIII— XO. 85.
Captain. Rellly was standing on the wall
and directing his battery .when a bullet
struck him in the mouth, killing him in
stantly. The battery hammered at the
fore the imperial palace and occupied the
approaches to the east wall. Captain
Rellly. Battery F, Fifth United States
Artillery, and flve privates were killed
and sixteen wounded. During the after
noon the Americans returned to camp,
pending a conference . between the gen
*rnl3., Thereupon the Russians occupied
'the approaches to the palace.
gates until they fell.
In the meantime the Infantry cleared tho
street and walls, where the Chinese sol
diers, with a fine cover, stubbornly re
sisted. The fighting was close and sharp.
.A French battery, while shelling the
approaches to the palace, narrowly tnis3ed
the Americans.
General Chaffee • and Mr. Conger ara
conferring regarding the diplomatic fea
tures of the situation.
The privates killed during the sfesro
were buried in the grounds of the Ameri
can 4 legation during tho evening.
IvONDON. Aug. 24. 3 a. m.— St. Peters
burg dispatches announce good progress
in the Manchurian campaign. The town
of Margen was captured August IS, with
» trifling Russian loss, while the Chinese
P.'uffered severely, leaving ten- guns, 700
rifles and large quantities of ammunition
In the hands of the Russians.
The reports of risings In Northern Ko
rea are continued. It is believed that
these are not due to ill will toward for
elcnens. but to local dissatisfaction. The
GOOD PROGRESS IN
MANCHURIAN CAMPAIGN
PEKING. Aug. ;G— The Pel Tang Cathe
dral, north of th<* city, which was garri
soned by thirty French and ten Italian
bluejackets and which had no communl
rjition with the other foreigners during
tho progress of the fiege. ha« been re
lieved by th<« Japanese and British. The
defense of thi.« r-hurch was most heroic.
Tho r<.mbim-d forces are now posting
Fentries In the paiar-e buildings to prevent
lof-.tins ar.d destruction. The where
abouts of the Empress Dowager Is not
known to the allies*.
WADE HOST HEROIC
DEFENSE OF CHURCH
WASHINGTON. Aug. 23.— The Navy De
partment has made public the report of
Captain B. H. McCalla, who was in com
mand of the American contingent of the
International column under Admiral Sey
mour that on June 10 made the first move
in the relief of Peking, but which was cut
off by the Chinese troops on the road and
forced to turn back from Yangtsun, being
in danger of complete annihilation before
coming in touch with the reinforcements
gent out to meet them from Tientsin. The
details of the unsuccessful expedition were
fully given in the report of Admiral Hey
mour. Captain McCalla in conclusion pays
a glowing tribute to his fellow command
ers and especially praises Admiral Sey
mour. He asks that a number of foreign
officers be offered medals for^ aiding' tne
United States forces in action..
Berlin learns that there has been, fur
ther fighting west of Tientsin, which cre
ates the impression that the province of
Pe Chi LI must be effectively occupied be
fore peace negotiations will become 'eas
ible. _
CAPTAIN McCALLA'S REPORT.
Describing the engagement west of
Tientsin August 8 a special dispatch says:
"The Sixth United States Cavalry work
ed with drill-like precision In the hand
to-hand fighting and the Chinese only es
caped through the bungling of General
Dorward."
Korean Government is sending troops to
the disaffected districts.
The ? commander of : tho Japanese ; fleet at
Taku transmitted by telegraph, on the 21st,
tho following report from Peking: .'•The' Jap
anese ". regiment." .which ¦ had ? been : detailed early
on the;15th' for. the f purpose of ; protecting; the
Imperial palace,' had hard fighting all day, • but
they could not bring It to a decisive itmue, aa
WASHINGTON. Aug. 23.— The' Japanese
legation to-day received the following ad
vices, from the Foreign Office at Tokio,
dated August 23:
Reported by the Japanese.
At about 5 o'clock In the afternoon the
Americano under General Chaltee entered the
legation and then we moved on toward , the
central Bate of, the Tartar city for the night.
By nichtf all ! .we had 400 men In the legation.
(Here apparently, some words "are missing.)
During the evening at the Temple of ' Heaven
we were engaged, and Inflicting heavy louses,
we occupied the north : gate of the Chinese
city. 1 .".:.'. ' ¦ '„.*-¦' ¦ ¦ -''.-¦ • - -
Two field guns were then brought Into the
legation and the rest were sent back to the
Temple of Heaven.
In the meantime our field artillery had been
brought up to bombard the central gate of the
Tartar city, but a sortie by the Americans
and Russians of the garrison along the wall
anticipated this bombardment and the gate fell
into our hands.
opposition as we were not expected at that
point. The Indian troora rushed the gate and
I entered with cavalry and guns. I then sent
other cavalry and the Punjab Infantry to the
Temple of Heaven to secure our left flank and
camping ground, and. with the other corps
pushed on toward the legations. At 3 o'clock
got on the canal, opposite the water gate, and
were signaled from the wall held by the
legatloners. ' I, with a portion of the staff,
and seventy Indians, rushed across the almost
dry moat and entered through the water gate
without loas. We found all well In the lega
tions. MacDonald Immediately showed me
around the positions, with the view of further
action.
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 23.— General
Llnevich, commander of the Rus
sian troops in the province of Pe
chili, telegraphs to the Minister
of War as follows:
At 2 o'clock on the morning of ¦ August 14
our troop* stormed the eastern gate of Peking
and were the first to enter the city. The Rus
sian flag was the first hoisted on the, wall.
The bombardment of the sate lasted fourteen
hours The Russians then scaled and occupied
the wall The Chinese, however, still held the
observatory an* other towers, whence they
Buhlected our troops to a heavy enfilading fire,
until our infantry forced them to leave their
positions. Our lo*sea were:
Killed— Colonel Anttnkcff and twenty men.
Wounded-«eneral Wasllowskl. Colonel Modi
and flve other officers and twelve men.
In the meanwhile the allied troops stormed
ani enptured another gate and entered the
city We found the Imperial Government had
fled ' and that the legatloners were In great
straits.
The dispatch concludes with describing
the recent attacks on the legations. Dur
ing the siege the Inmates of the Russian
legation had five men killed and twenty
wounded.
Work of British Troops.
LONDON. Aug. 23.— General Gaselee,
commander of the British forces at Pe
king, has telegraphed to the War Office
as follows:
PEKINO. Aug. 13 (Wednesday), via Chefu,
Aug. 21 (Tue3day).— At a conference ATiRUBt
12. It wa» agreed that the allies ehoulci '¦ con
centrate within live miles of Peking August
14, and the eBuault should begin August f 15,
The attack, however, • commenced early in the
morning of August 14, and our troops had to
make • a. forced march of ¦fifteen miles fr«>m
Tungchau ¦ in great: heat. We were on the
extreme left and attacked the southeast '.gate
of the Chinese city. There was . practically no
PEKING,' Aug. 15, via Chefu Aug. 23. -
The Americans breached three gates bc-
j. Copyright, 1900, Associated Press.
CAPTAIN REILLY WAS
KILLED INSTANTLY
Italians Sent to Shanghai.
ROME; Aug. 23.— Rear Admiral Candle,
In command of the .Italian squadron In
Chinese waters, has cabled the Italian
Minister of Marine, Vice Admiral Morln.
that he is in direct communication with
the Italian Minister In Peking, Marquis
Salvago Raggi, who has Informed him
that an Italian lieutenant and six marines
were slightly wounded in the defense of
the legation. ' Candle adds that. he has no
news ; regarding the whereabouts of the
Empress Dowager, but that he has sent
all the staff of : the 'Italian legation to
Shanghai, where they arrived safely. .:
"Prince Tuan's residence has been burned
down by the Japanese. The Japanese naval
detachment which guarded the Japanese lega
tion lotst during: the siege flve killed and eight
wounded. The Japanese ' forces, which now
occupy the Imperial palace, have rescued for
eign and 'native Christians from their con
finement. " i ...
"The imperial family and the ministers of
state left for Slan-Fu flve or six days ago.
escorted by 3000 troops under Tung Fun Chiang.
With the object of restoring order, the city
has been, divided' Into districts, Japan being
assigned the northern half and the United
States, Great Britain, Ruroia and France have
each deputed an officer to carry on the ad
ministration.
they refrained from firlne on the palace. On
the following day, however, they took its prin
cipal eate. and now the city Is almost entirely
cleared of the enemy.
Foreign Commanders Send Reports
Concerning the Siege of Peking
and Fighting the Chi
nese Capital— The Russians Lost
Heavily.
Besides the Hkln and customs dues which are collected through Sir Robert Hart's office In Peking the Chinese
pay a land tax and other duties to the Viceroys of their respective provinces. These are collected by the local Mandar
ins or others specially appointed for the purpose. The collector travels from. place to place through his district, setting
a day beforehand to meet the people. These come sometimes with money, but more often with some product of the fac
tory, the Held or the chase instead, which is taken at the Mandarin's own valuation, usually about 20 per. cent of what
he knows he can get for it at the first general market. It is no unusual thing to see valuable sable furs, common earthen
potr. and even livestock, such as goats, pigs and fowls, among the collector's gatherings. It has been estimated by good
authorities that, while the amount of taxation is ordered from Peking for any special province, not more than 30 per
cent of what is taken from the people ever reaches the Imperial coffers. The collecting Mandarin and those above him
hold out the rest. ¦ ' - . , . . ...
TAX COLLECTING IN CHINA — THE. CHIEF SOURCE OF LI HUNG CHANG'
WEALTH.
against one another, and the rift may widen until a peaceful dis
cussion of the Chinese question is no longer possible.
Baron von Sternberg, the German Charge d'Affaires in
Washington, called at the State Department to-day, and, ac
cording to a high official, communicated to Mr. Adee the sub
stance of the reply made by the Berlin Government to the ap
peal of Li Hung Chang. An official whose statement may be
regarded as authoritative said that Emperor William an
nounced that it was not possible for the German Government to
accede to the wishes of Li Hung Chang until it was acquainted
with the character of his credentials and the extent of his pow
ers and the ability of the source from which they spring to con
* fer them.
Mr. Adee's reply on the other hand made its acceptance of
Li Hung Chang's appeal dependent upon the Chinese Govern
ment's demonstration of its ability and willingness to make an
effective suspension of hostilities in Peking and elsewhere in
China, not questioning Li's credentials. Supplementing this
declaration to the Chinese Government, a member of the Cab
inet added that when Li Hung Chang was able to give a posi
tive guarantee that order was restored and that the disturb
* ances would not recur, an American envoy would be sent to
China and an invitation to the other powers to join would be ex
tended to them. Li Hung Chang would then present his cre
dentials and their sufficiency would at that moment and place
be determined.
Administration officials fear that no Chinese Government
will be found which can produce evidence of its power to a suf
ficient degree to satisfy Emperor William. It is pointed out
I that by indirect reference the United States calls attention to
the fact that China's representative must be appointed by "re
sponsible and authorized government," but officials profess to
\ believe that Li Hung Chang's credentials are satisfactory. Ac
cording to the German point of view, since the Chinese Govern
ment has only broken assurances, the powers are justified in sus
pecting any further promises which it may make. Li Hung
Chang's assertion in his memorandum of August 2 r that there
will be "positively no more fighting" has been disproved by re
ports showing further operations on the part of the allies in Pe
king and in the vicinity of Tientsin. It is questionable whether
a government exists which can negotiate peace, and the powers
should first ascertain whether the government which accredited
Li Hung Chang has sufficient power to enforce any agreement
that may be reached with him. It is the President's purpose now.
to. address himself energetically to the powers to secure har
mony of action to bring peace to China.
Mr. Takahira, the Japanese Minister, led Acting Secretary
Adee to understand yesterday that his Government would ap
prove the American note, but this, of course, was merely an ex
pression of personal opinion. Officially Japan has not been
heard from," nor has "Great. Britain. "But it is regarded as certain
by the authorities that these two powers will approve the reply
of the President to the appeal of Li Hung Chang for the ap
pointment of a peace envoy.
The powers, unless skillful diplomacy restores the harmony
which has hitherto characterized their actions, will be arrayed
CALL BUREAU, WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASH
INGTON, Aug. 23. — Germany has injected a serious
complication into the international situation with respect
to China by declining to recognize Li Hung Chang as a peace
negotiator. To this, perhaps, more than anything else is due
the President's decision not to go to Chicago. The attitude of
the other powers on this point remains to be disclosed, but it
would not be astonishing: should at least one and probably two
of the other powers interested in the Chinese situation support
Special Dispatch to The Call.
President MeKinley Is Striving
Most Energetically toRestore
Harmony Among Powers
and Bring Peace When a
Chinese Government Is Es
tablished. *
Germany Causes Serious Com
plications in the Far East
by Refusing to Recognize
Li Hung Chang as a Peace
Negotiator.
Special Cable to The Call and New Y ork Herald. Copyright. 1000, by the
Herald Publishing Company.
TIENTSIN. Sunday. Aug. 19.— The Sixth United States Cavalry to-day en
raged Feveral thousand Boxers and Chinese troops ten miles west of Tientsin.
Our loss was six men wounded. The Chinese loss was about 350 killed and fifty
prisoners taken. In contrast with the savagery of the Chinese, the American
Furjreor.s dressed the wounds of the Chinese Injured.
The British infantry assisted in burning five villages. The bundling of Gen
eral Dorward resulted in the escape of Chinese, who fought bravely. There
ws? hand-to-hand fighting with the Sixth United States Cavalry, who worked
with the precision of drill.
The Fokinp line ha? bren repaired for forty miles. Peking residents are ex
port^ here t-j-day. While the Russians occupy Nluchwang, they will maintain
a ci:;-ioms tariff and 5taff as formerly. The Chinese officials decamped. A
Russian cJrfl Rovcrnor has been appointed. He will organize a mixed court,
composed of Chinese and Russians.
SIXTH CAVALRY DEFEATS BOXERS.
LONDON, Aug. 24, 3 a. m. — Fires, fighting them and dis
sension are apparently following in the wake of Peking's
capture. The Daily Mail publishes dispatches from the
Chinese capital, dated as late as August 17, declaring that a great
lire was then raging in the imperial city.
General Chaftee — so it is asserted — maintained that the
Chinese had been adequately punished already and that it would
be unwise to take the imperial palace. This explains the with
drawal of the Americans after breaching three gates. The Rus
sian general, however, maintained that his Government had de
cb.red war against China and that therefore there was no reason,
to prevent his carrying hostilities into the sacred precincts.
Judging' from various and in many cases contradictory dis
patches that have reached Europe this morning from Peking
the commanders evidently adopted a middle course,, for a Reu
tci ¦ asserts that sentries were* placed to prevent loot
ing. Hence it is presumed that the imperial buildings, al
though captured, will not be destroyed.
The fires appear to be incendiary and to be caused by the
Chinese themselves.
All the dispatches point to the fact that when the latest
message reaching here left Peking the commanders were some
what at sea regarding their future action — all waiting for in
structions from their governments.
The foreign residents appear to have been sent to Tientsin,
although the St. Petersburg co-respondent of the Daily Mail
?ays the Ministers will not leave Peking until negotiations for,
indemnity are under way.
Neither the commanders nor the diplomats were in com
munication with the Chinese Government on August 17. They
were then searching for Prince Tuan.
Among' the puzzling reports as to the whereabouts of the
Empress Dowager is one from St. Petersburg that she is in the
vicinity of Peking, but surrounded. The Emperor seems to have
disappeared completely.
According to telegrams from Shanghai considerable un
easiness is felt there over the fact that no dispatches have been
received from Peking since August 20. Other Shanghai re
ports locate Kmpemr Kwang Su as under the protection of the
allies, and the Dowager as already captured by the Japanese.
Russian Commander Declines
to Accept the Decision of
Other Generals Not to Vio
late the Sacred Precincts
of the Imperial Palace.
Leader of the Czar's Troops
Asserts That His Govern
ment Has Declared War on
Cliina — Soldiers of Various
Nationalities Are Placed on
Guard to Prevent Looting.
This dispatch, is specially copyrighted and any invasion of the rights of The Call and New York Herald will be prosecuted according to law.
PEKING, Aug. 17, 7:30 a. m.— On Wednesday, August 15, the American troops attacked the gates lead
ing into the imperial city. A battery of the Fifth Artillery sent shells from an elevated position on the
gate. The Fourteenth and Ninth Infantry and marines entered below and fired on the Chinese troops. They
then pushed on to the west gate. The American Gatling guns did good work. Gate after gate was blown
in and the Chinese shelled out of them and the infantry rushed in until the tour gates were taken.
In the afternoon operations were halted and a conference of generals was held, which resulted in the with-
drawa! of the American troops. At this conference all except the Russians agreed not to violate the imperial city
and decided that the object of the expedition had been accomplished, pending further advices from interested pow
ers. The Russian general stated that his Government had declared war on China. The military authorities are
not in communication with the Chinese Government. The Japanese, Russian and British troops are now in posses
sion of the Tartar city. The Chinese are now all out. The American casualties were ten killed and twenty-fivs
wounded; - "?©
FIRE AND DISSENSION FOLLOW THE
CAPTURE OF THE CHINESE CAPITAL
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, AUGUST 24, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CEZSTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.CALEB POWERS IS
DENIED NEW TRIAL
Prisoner Will Be Taken to Louisville
by Deputy Sheriffs for Safe
Keeping. *.: ;i -;;
GEORGETOWN. Ky.. Aug. 23.— Judge
Cantrlll to-day overruled the! motion for
n new trial in the_rase. of Caleb Powers.
FRANKFORT. "Aug. 23.-Caleb Powers
arrived here to-night on hit -way to Louis
ville in charge of two deputy ' sheriffs.
He will.be .taken, to Louisville to-morrow
morning for safe keeping.
Oregon Nearly Beady.
WASHINGTON, Aug. , 23. — Captain
George F. Wilde, commanding the battle
ship Oregdn, to-day . notified . the* Navy.
Department from Kure, 1 Japan, that the
vestwl, which has been in dock there un
dergoing-temporary repairs, has been re
paired and will be ready; for service i in a
week. ' ,-?.-%¦%
TUCSON. Ariz.. Aug. 23.— C. T. Stohclls.
a member of the City Council, died to
night. He wa3 a member of the po?se
that killed Bill Brazleton, a noted des
perado.
C. T. Stohells.
CHICAGO. Aug. 23.— Thomas Wi'rrthrop
Hall, a well known writer of sketches,
died yesterday at Hannibal. Mo., of sun
stroke, aged 36 years. He was a graduate
of West Point and was adjutant of the
Rough Riders during the war with Spain.
Thomas Winthrop Hall.
General Harris came to London three
years ago as lepresentatlve of Mr. Ham
mond. This summer his health falling,
he went to Droltwich. Worcester, to take
the baths. They gave him but little bene
fit. « He grew weaker day by day and it
was decided to remove him to Malvern.
He died of a. complication of diseases.
General Harris was a Democrat of the
old school, and was not a Bryan man
Years ago he was one of the ablest law
yers,in the South. For several years be
fore he came to London he lived in San
Francisco, where he was a member of the
Pacific Union Club.
LONDON, Aug. 24.— General H. H. Har
ris, who fought in the Confederate army
In the American Civil war died early yes
terday morning at Malvern, England.
General Harris was an uncle of Mrs. John
Hayes Hammond. Mr. Hammond and his
wife, who recently came to London from
America, were with the general during
his illness.
General H. H. Harris.
The day's dead
¦Meets His Death.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 23— A special to the
Post Dispatch from Dallas, Texas, says:
Engages in Battle With Marauders
' : Who Were ¦. Stealing Stock and
CATTLEMAN IS KILLED
BY NEW MEXICO OUTLAWS
TOULON, Aug. 23.— Gustav Paul
Cluseret. Minister of War under
the Commune, died to-day of pneu
monia. , . ,
The deceased had a remarkable
career of adventure. As a lieutenant In
the army during the rising in Paris in
1S4S he. made himself prominent by his
afcal in the representation of socialists and
radicals. Afterward he embarked In an
unsuccessful financial venture in New
York where later he raised an American
legion to aid Garibaldi in the conquest of
the Sicilies and became a colonel. He
subsequently returned to America and
fought on the side of the North in the
Civil War. during which he won the rank
of general. He returned to Lurop« in 1m>.
took part in the Fenian agitation of that
vear and was accused by the newspapers
of leading under an assumed name the at
tack on Chester Castle. 4 : ;:
He next went to France and Joined the
revolutionary movement. He became
Minister of War under the Commune, and
for a time was at the head of all Its mili
tary operatlcns. He was sentenced to
death for his participation in the uprising
and fled the country. He devoted himself
to journtlism abroad and returned to
Paris after ihe declaration of amnesty,
but was again obliged to leave France on
account of anarchistic writings.
Once more he returned to this country
and supported the late General Boulanger.
M Cluseret was elected a Deputy from
Toulon in l&S and had since, been con
stantly re-elected. .
NO PROGRAMME I
REGARDING CHINA
Germanu In Accord With the
Powers, "hut. Kaiser's Talk
Is Most Warlike.
BERLIN, Aug. 23.— A section of the
German press is talking about
Count von Waldersee's "political
programme In China." The corre
spondent 'of the Associated Pres3
learns that such a phase is entirely In
applicable to the case. Count von Walder
see Is going without any political pro
gramme. The German Government is
really carrying on ceaselessly diplomatic
negotiations here and In the capitals of
the powers to agree to a Joint programme
for_ the Immediate present, and the policy
for months ahead Is not even dreamed of
now. The correspondent hears that per
fect harmony regarding China continues
to prevail between Germany and the
United States.
The Cologne Gazette. In the course of
an inspired article, replying to demands
made by a number of German Jingo pa
pers that Germany should seize a goodly
portion of the Yangtse Valley, say a:
"Germany most emphatically does not
harbor any such intention."
Herr Eugene Richter, the Radical lead
er, publishes in the Freissinnige Zeltung
a severely sarcastic, editorial reviewing
Emperor William's whole China policy
since Its inception, and attempting to
show, paragraph after paragraph, that
his policy has been an unbroken series ot
contradictions.
The Cologne Volks Zeitung publishes the
text of the address made by Emperor
William. to the officers of the China troops
going from the .Rhine districts. His Maj
esty is reported as saying that he feared
that the troubles in China might develop
a war between the ,Orient and the Occi
dent. He praised the bravery already
shown in -China by all the nations con
cerned and advised those who heard him
to cultivate good fellowship with all re
gardless of color. He said that Chile had
offered to supply all. the horses Germany
needed and also to send 30,000 men.
Referring to the Chinese he character
ized them as a "cowardly but cunning and
treacherous foe." After counseling the
strictest discipline he said: "Spare the
population, but do not spare those who
oppose you. there In arms. Show the
Chinese there is one- power which means
to punish the crimes they have committed,
irrespective of more distant and more
practical alms."
• The first' batch of German correspond
ents-has arrived at the seat of war and
this evening a number of special dis
patches are printed. None of them, how
ever. *throw new light on the situation.
, The idea of not celebrating Sedan day
this year Is gaining steadily In favor with
the press, especially the Liberal portion,
which advocates the omission of the com
memoration at a" time when the French
are fighting shoulder to shoulder with the
! Germans- in China. A number of local
militia commanders at Hamburg, Gle;
wltz and Hanover are sending out circu
lars announcing that there will be no cel
ebration.'
; Sultan Abdul , Hamld has conveyed to
Emperor .William an expression of the Joy
felt at theYIldiz Kiosk over the relief of
: the foreign envoys in' Peking and the suc
cess of the 'Kaiser's policy. .
'A special staff has gone out with Count
von Waldersee to establish wireless teleg
raphy in China. -.
REFRAINED FROM
-BOMBARDING PALACE
TOKIO, Tuesday, Aug. 21.— According to
dispatches received here from Peking the
Japanese .troops : sent to occupy the .Im
perial palace there August 15 had. to fight
all day because they refrained from bom
barding the palace. Thus a decisive ac
tion was impossible. On the 16th, however,
they, occupied .the ! principal gate S of the
palace, ' the city being nearly cleared of
the enemy.
WILL NOT SEND
ANY MORE TROOPS
Uncle Sam Diverting; Fighting
Men From China to tlm-
Philippines.;^ y
WASHINGTON, Aug. 23.— The Im
portant development in ¦ the
Chinese situation j to-day was
the decision of the Government
not to send any more troops to
China. All the troops now at; sea,
amounting to about 4000, together with
those under orders for services in the
Far East, which have not sailed, amount-
Ing to about 3000 more, ¦will be sent to
Manila. These troops will sail on the
same route and upon touching at, Naga
saki, will go to Manila, unless, there are
developments In China, not now antici
pated, which will make their presence In
that country necessary. Secretary Root
said to-day that no more troops were be
ing sent to China because they were not
] needed. With the arrival at Taku of vthe
Hancock and the troops she carried.' Gen
eral Chaffee will have 5000 available men.
which is deemed sufficient for all present
purposes. The decision of thf department
! was not based upon anj' recommendation
• made by General Chaffee, but upon
reports received by him, which made It
apparent ihat no more troops were needed.
The announcement of the diversion of
the troops was made In the following
official bulletin, which was posted at the
War Department this evening:
"The Government has decided that un
less required by future developments, no
more troops are to be sent to China.
Orders have accordingly been cabled to
Nagasaki for the Meade, which is dfle
there to-day, v.lth four troops of the
Third Cavalry, four companies of the
Fifteenth Infantry and Company E, Bat
talion of Engineers, to proceed directly to
Manila. Similar orders will be given to
the other troops which 'under orders
for China, via Nagasaki." ..
It was stated at the department that the
encouraging conditions In China were the
main reason why the orders of to-day re
garding the troops were issued. Besides
the troops on the Meade. Wiere are now
at sea the Warren with two squadrons of
the Ninth Cavalry and recruits, and the
Sherman with one battalion each of "the
Second, Fifth and Eighth Infantry. .
The Logan is scheduled to -sail on Sep
tember 1 with two battalions' of the'First
and one battalion of the Socond Infan
try. It was said at the War Depart
ment that six or seven" thousand ; troops
would be affected by the order.
A dispatch was received from. General
Cnaffee to-day, dated Peking. August 18,
which was not in response to the request
sent him a few days ago to report the
conditions and requirements.. General
Chaffee did not report further fighting
In Peking and for that reason the Wash
ington officials feel assured . that hostile
demonstrations in " the Chinese capital
have ceased. The dispatch related. to the
transportation conditions and- stated that
the railroad between Taku and Peking
could not be used at the present time,
as portions cf it had been destroyed by
the Chinese. General Chaffee - will co
operate ) with ,the other commanders in
China In reconstructing the road for. the
use of the allied forces. General^ Chaf
fee also reported that the telegraph- lln«
which was: constructed by the signal
corps from Tientsin to Peking Is : fre
quently Interrupted, being cut, probably,
by hostile Chinese.
At a conference at the White House
to-day, in which the President, Secretary
Hoot- and Acting Secretary Adee partici
pated,' careful- Instructions were -prepared
for 'Air. RockhlU, > .the United States Spe
cial Commissioner to' Chlna,~-to ".. be: for
warded.-at orice' to' him for his guidance.
The State Department* received a' dis
patch from Mr. Rockhlll , to-day,Vdated
Yokohama, briefly announcing -his arri
val there. This brought about, the. White
House conference and the preparation of
Instructions. Before Mr. , RockniU left he
was advised .very .fully on the purposes
of this, Government, but since. his depart
ure the sltuatlr«i has so changed at Pe
king as to make it ¦- desirable . to - supple
ment the instructions relating to pending
affairs," and' it'would .be: 1 inexpedient* "to
make any public reference to them. '
GROWING FRICTION
BETWEEN POWERS
At Present/ Howeyer, the Presi
dent-Has No Intention of
Calling Extra Session
of Congress]*
PALL BUREAU, WELLINGTON
HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Aug. 23.—
I j President McKinlcy has no present
1^ Intention of calling an extra session
of Congress to consider the Chinese
situation. Members of the Cabinet am',
other high officials of- the administration
with whom I have talked to-night assure
me that unless there is some unexpected
development in China an extra session
will not be necessary.-
One of, them said: "Affairs in China
have now reached a stage of negotiations.
Congress .cannot carry on negotiations
with foreign powers. That must be done
by th« executive -branch of the Govern
ment. An extra session would only b«j
necessary if the President wanted to de
clare war.Uo raise more money or to In
crease the army. He does not want to
do either, and does not see how Congress
could be of any assistance."
At the same time the President will not
hesitate to call Congress together if the
conditions should become such as to war
rant such action. It. is realized that the
situation In China Is one of grat gravity,
and that it may lead to international com
plications with which the President might
be powerless to deal without the help of
Congress. Serious apprehension has been
caused by the developments during the
past few days, which Indicate a growing
friction between the co-operating powers.
This phase? of the situation has suddeniy
becomc so serious as to cause the Presi
dent to change his plan about g*oing to the
Grand Army encampment at Chicago.
LATEST REPLY TO
APPEALS FOR PEACE
WASHINGTON, Aug. 23.— The State De
partment this morning made public the
following correspondence:
Chinese correspondence, August 20-22/ 1900,
handed to Mr. Adee by Mr. Wu August 20.
1900, 10:15 a. m. : A cablegram dated August
19 from Viceroy 1,1 Hung Chang. Transmitted
by the Chinese Minister in London and re
ceived by Minister on the night of the same
day: , .
"It was the declaration of all the Ministers
of Foreign Affairs of the great powers that
the expedition, of allied troops was solely for
the rescue of the. Ministers In Peking. Now the
allied troops having entered Peking and found
the Ministers safe, it seems proper that hos
tilities should at once cease and that negotia
tions should commence. . I therefore request the
United States • Government to appoint an en
voy with full powers or to appoint the Min
ister now in Peking for that purpose, as he Is
necessarily acquainted with the affairs between
Chinese and foreigners, and to inform me if
the conference will take place In Peking. After
the receipt of a dertnite reply I will at once
proceed to the north. Please request the Scre
tary of State to lay the matter before his Ex
cellency the President. I await his reply/'
neceived at the Department of State August
51, 1900, 3:17 p. m.:- Cablegram from Viceroy
LI Hung Chang dated August 21. 1900, and re
ceived by Minister W'u on the same day:
"The Boxer rebel* in Peking having been dis
persed there will be positively no more. light
ing. Further military operations on the part
of the lwwers are greatly to be deplored. Be
sides urging a cessation of hostilities please
confer with the Secretary of State upon the
subject of the withdrawal of troops : and the
appointment of a plenipotentiary to negotiate
a settlement of all other questions, so as to
preserve amicable relations. I await an early
reply." . ¦ . v • • . v
Kent to the Chinese Minister August 22. 1900,
1:30 p. m. : Memorandum in response to the
Chinese Minister's communication, of cable
grams from Viceroy LI Hung Chang, dated Au
gust 19 and 21, proposing the immediate cessa
tion of hostilities and the appointment of an
envoy to conduct . negotiations, received at the
Department of State August 20 and 21, 1900: '
"While the condition set forth In the memo
randum delivered to -the Chinese Minister on
August 12- has not been fulfilled and the powers
have been compelled to rescue their Ministers
by force of arms, unaided by the Chinese Gov
ernment, still this Government is ready. to wel
come any overtures for a truce and to Invite the
other, .powers mo .Join when security: Is estab
lished in the- Chinese capital. and the Chinese
Government .shows its ability, and willingness
to make on its part an effective suspension of
hostilities elsewhere ¦ in China: When this s is
done — and we -hope It will be done promptly
the United States will be prepared to appoint
a representative to Join with the representatives
of the other similarly interested powers and of
the authoritative and responsible Government
of the Chinese empire, to attain', the ends, de
clared in our ¦ circular : to ¦ the powers of . July
3, 1500. v .-,--.; A L.VEY A. ADEE, , -
"Acting Secretary. Department of State, Wush
, ington. August 22, 1500." '
BOSTOX. Aug. 23. — The National Negro Busi
ness League made up of delegates from about
twenty-five States assembled here to-day. The
principal speaker at to- Jay's sesslca was
Booker T. Washington.
NEW YORK, Aug. 23.-Vlce President
Charles H. Tweed of the Southern Paclflc
stated to-day that the will of the late Col-
Us P. Huntlngton would be filed for pro
bate to-morrow.
Referring to the published dispatch
from New Orleans that the death of Mr.
Huntlngton would bring about the aban
donment of his scheme to maice Galves
ton the gulf terminus of the Southern Pa
cific Railroad, Mr. Tweed said he saw no
reason why Mr. Huntlngton's death
should make any change in the work be
ing pursued for the accommodation of th.5
Southern Pacific road at Galveston.
Court in New York by the
Heirs. '
Si>ec!al Dispatch to The Call.
"Will Be Presented to the Probate
WILL OF HUNTINGTON
TO BE FILED TO-DAY
In accordance with the programme arranged
for the President's participation In the exrr
dten of th« thirty-fourth national encamp
ment of the. G. A. R.. he had Intended leaving
Washington to-morrow, Friday, reaching Chi
cago Saturday afternoon. Hi> regrpts, how
ever, that public business here of Immediate
Importance will delay Ms derartnre and may
possibly prevent him from visiting Chicago at
this time. As soon as definite particulars can
tx» eiven you on the subject I •will advise you
promptly. Please convey this information to
your associates of the several committees and
others who should be notified.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 23.— Secretary to
the President Cortelyou has Just advised,
William H. Harper, executive director of
the national encampment of the Grand
Army of the Republic, that whtle the
President had Intended leaving Washing
ton to-morrow and reaching Chicago Sat
urday alternoon to participate In the exer
cises of the encampment, the condition of
public business of Immediate Importance
will delay his departure from Washing
ton and may possibly prevent him from
visiting Chicago at this time. If th* Pres
ident finds that he can leave hero so as
to be present sit some of the exercises he
will do so. and Mr. Harper and others
having them in charge will be promptly
notified.
Secretary Cortelyou's message reads as
follows:
Stress of Public Affairs and
Sends His Rc&rets.
"Will Be Detained at "Washington by
PRESIDENT MAY NOT
VISIT GRAND ARMY
Joe Alvarez, the richest cattleman In El
Paso County, died to-day of wounds re
ceived last night in a pitched battle with
four New Mexican outlaws on hl3 ranch
near Vinton. He came upon the band
while they were killing his cattle, an<l
they opened fire upon him.
A Sheriff's posse to-day captured the
leader and one of his gang. The other*
are being pursued toward the New Mex
ican border.
During the day wild rumors were cur
rent that mobs were being formed to go to
Cleveland and lynch Peck, but there was
no good ground for them.
Although Mayor Young is criticized
somewhat for his contradictory speeches,
n great deal of the blame for the rioting
Is placed on the shoulders of Chief Harri
son. - ¦
Glenn Wade, the boy who was killed,
was in the mob, and a bullet from the
revolver of a policeman In the City Hall
found his heart. Another Innocent who
will die Is Rhoda Davidson. Sitting in a
carriage with her mother and father, on
the outskirts of the mob, a bullet from a
policeman's revolver passed harmlessly
over the rioting throng and found lodg
ment in the skull of the child.
At 9:20 nine companies of the Fourth
Regiment arrived in the city and marched
to the scene of last night's rioting.
Shortly before 10 o'clock Mayor W. E.
Young issued a proclamation, closing
every saloon In Akron until further
orders.
On the advice of his friends. \Mayor
Young sought his offlce by back streets
and alleyways, as It was feared that his
presence so early after the rioting would
cause a fresh outbreak. .
At 6:30 o'clock this morning Company C
of Canton arrived in Akron under riot or
ders. The soldiers were .met at the Val
ley Depot by Mayor Young and a party
of city officials. They marched Imme
diately to the scene of last night's riot
ing. As the troops marched up the main
thoroughfare hisses and groans were
heard.
Soldiers Hissed.
back with a brick; Albert Stevens of Gra
han station, shot in foot.
There was no evidence of 111 will or dis
quiet on the part of the crowds at the
lines. There was no talk of violence.
The turbulent element had slunk- away
with the coming of daylight and order
was once more fully restored after an
awful night of terror and anarchy.
The list of killed and injured is as fol
lows: Killed— Glen Wade, aged 11 year's,
son of Lillian Wade, Empire Hotel, shot
through the heart. Fatally injured — Rhoda
Davidson, aged 4 years, daughter of Mr.
and Mrs.- J.-M.. Davidson, shot through
the brain. Injured— Fred Vonoeke, buck
shot wound in abdomen; W. H. • Dussel,
ilesh wound In leg: Park Strair, flesh
wound in leg; John B. Walhr, scalp wound
from brick; Arthur E. Sprague, teamster,
scalp wound; John Ahren, painter, Mesh
wound; A. E. Chemlostky. flesh wound In
hand: Albert Krant, flesh wound below
knee; Frank Sours, flesh wound in hand;
Fireman L. Manchester, flesh wounds In
cheek and neck; Fireman W. Roepke,
flesh wound in neck; Fireman Miner Fritz,
flesh wound in cheek; Fireman David
Philipps, flesh wound In cheek; Fireman
John Denlus, flesh wound In leg; Fireman
A. Eberly, flesh wound in hreast; Police
man Alva G. Greenlesse, struck over the
heart with a brick, serious; Policeman
John King, struck on knee with a brick;
Detective Edward Dunn, struck on the
crease as curious spectators hurried to the
scene of the trouble. A policeman ap
peared and then another, timidly at first,
but with increasing assurance as no vio
lence was offered. Then Company C of,
Canton, a detachment of the Eighth Ohio
Regiment, marched down the street from
the train and halting before the ruins of
the building, was at once set to patrolling
the fire lines. - ¦ .
GOVERNOR GEORGE K.
NASH, WHO HAS TAKEN
PROMPT ACTION IN SENDING
THE STATE TROOPS TO SUP
PRESS THE AKRON RIOTERS.
AKRON, Ohio, Aug. 23.— When day
dawned In Akron this morning It
revealed a scene of desolation and
the evidences of violence and law
lessness unparalleled in the history
of this city.
The rioters had 'done their awful, work
and had disappeared. One child was lying
dead and. nearly, a score of .persons' were
suffering from the "v/ounds of pistol balls,
buckshot and missiles. The city building
was a heap of smoldering ruins, and be
side it steamed the water-soaked ashes of
Columbia Hall. - The police force of- the
city was disorganized and scattered. The
chief had left the city. Electric wires,
deadly to touch, lay across the streets in
the vicinity of the burned buildings and
debris of all kinds was scattered far. an-i
near. The downtown streets 'were just
as the mob had left them, and although
nothing was being done by the rioters
crowds of . spectators, hundreds in num
ber, hung around awaiting for something
to turn up. - .>
Curious Spectators.
At 6 o'clock the crowds began to In-
Fought for the" North. During the
Civil War and Participated in
the Fenian Agita
tion.
Minister of War Under the
French Commune Passes
Away.
REMARKABLE
CAREER ENDED
BY DEATH'SCftLL
POLICE ATTEMPTING TO BEAT BACK THE MOB AT AKRON, OHIO.
Jerry Simpson Spsaks.
TOPEKA. Kar.s., Aug. 23.— William J.
Bryan to-day neceived the second
official notification of his nomina
tion for the Presidency. This notl
lkaticn came from the Populist
party and Thomas M. Patterson of Colo
rado aoied as the mouthpiece of the
]>arty in making it. *He was at the same
time informed of the indorsement of his
candidacy by the United States Monetary
league, this notification being given by
}lun. A. W. Rucker. The ceremonies oc
curred In the spacious and beautiful
grounds of the State Capitol and were
¦witnessed by a large number of people.
There was the usual contention about the
site of the crowd. It would appear that
there were not so many outsiders present
e.s the Populist managers had countexl
upon, but if this was true, the shortage
was compensated for to a degree at least
by the presence of rer-idents of Topeka.
The crowd wus especially dense in the
Immediate vicinity of the stand on which
thj? notification ceremony took place and
from this center scattered well out into
the srrounds.
In many respects the meeting- paralleled
the Indianapolis notification. This was
true in the fact that both were held in
parks, that the weather was intensely
hot. and in the circumstances that the im
patience of the crowd compelled speakers
rreceding Mr. IJryan to curtail their re
marks. Indeed, not one of the speakers
was permitted to speak at the length he
had evidently counted upon, and as a re
pult the entire proceeding covered only
about an hour and a half of time. Rain
had been threatened early in the day, but
before the meeting was' called to order,
at half past three in ihe afternoon, the
clouds had lifted, and the fear of a
ptcrm which might compel 'the meeting
to be held indoors had given place to
the certainty of fiercely beating sunshine
which was intensified by great humidity
and untemnered by any breeze. That the
reople gathere"! to witness the ceremonies
held their positions as lung as they d:d
rpeaks v.-.-ll for both their patience and
their fortitude. Many of the auditors
found their way to the vicinity of the
Ftar.d an hour or more before the speak
ing began, but they valiantly held their
ground, despite the heat. Many of them
inust have puff-red intensely, for near the
stand thev were densely packed and there
was no JTOtection from the sun's rays.
Ftill. there was very little complaint until
the ceremonies were' well under way and
the crowd laughed and chatted "while
tvaitir.K for the speakers, even while the
perspiration plowed its way over the faces
of the individual members' of it and plen
tifully ocaed out through the clothes of
many of them.
Audibh Sigh of Relief.
There was. however, an audible sigh
of relief mingled with the applause which
greeted the appearance of the national
If8<itr upon the platform when he arrived
at 3:3;"). and it was evident even then
that while? there was general desire to
hear and see him the audience was find
ing the situation too uncomfortable to be
long endurre]. This fact did not, how
ever, detract from the cordiality of the
welcome which was extended. The ap
plause was not prolonged, but It was
? vident that it was from the heart ana
meant cil that it purported to mean.
There was llttletdelay after the arrival
of Mr. Brjiin itnd the other notables.
State Chairman Jtidpeley of the Populous
promptly assumed the chair, and rre im
mediatt ly introduced Hon. James A.
Troutman, who as the representative of
the Mayor t.f Tojeka made a brkf speech
» dooming Mr. Bryan to the rity. Air.
Vromman formerly was Lieutenant Gov
ernor <ii the State and he is Republican
in r.n'Hi;?. His six-poh was personally
eoinpimir/mary to Mr. Hryan, and was
JjriU<-.r an cpp«ial for the exerates of tne
franchise. hy ail gouj and intelli^en: cit:
reiis cs the lir«t safeguard of our ins'itu
li-ns. He referred to "the vast throng
Of people" before him as an evidence of
IIM lil^ih regard in which the distinguish
ed visitor is held, and said that while !<e
was noi authorized to assure Mr. Hryan
of the electors 1 vote of Kansas", he c-euild
, assure htel of the admiration of everv
citizen of th*» State.
Mr. Troutmai. was followed by Hon.
Frank Dousur. Chief Justice of the State
who extended the welcome of the State
at largf-. He had prepared a speech, but
he delivered only a small part of It be
cause- of the heat and of the evident de
sir* to hear Mr. Bryan. Jud^e Douster
contented himself in what he did say with
contrasting the positions of the Demo
crats and the Republicans on the subject
cf expansion, taking the position that the
Republicans were looking to undue rg
gTession. while the Democrats were seek
ing to »ee are the maintenance of Ameri
can institutions. He was liberallv
cheered.
Mr. Douster Rjtfl followed by Hon. Jerry
Simppf-n, who was introduced as the per
manent chairman in the absence of Na
tional Chairman Ilutler. Mr. Simpson
niade a briof Bpeech, confrralulating To
peka upon being sskcted as a place for
th» notification of Mr. Bryan by the
creatcst party as its candidate fo"r the>
Prt-ftidc-noy. He compare-*! Mr. Bryan with
Lincoln, and predicted that ho would lead
the people back to the landmark of hu
man liberty which Lincoln had so mate
rially a?>siste-d in establishing. "Let us
trupt." he .=ai<1, "that Nebraska and Kan
sas. str.r:<31njc side by side as In 1860. will
ap-ain pive. thoir support to a candidate
who has, as the candidate of that time
had. but one oode of morals, which em
liraces. as did Lincoln's, all men of all
times regardless of color or environ
ment. •
With this Mr. Simpson Introduced Mr.
Patterson, who as chairman of the Na
tional Pnp^r.ist Convention, became chair
man of the notifi> a t:e>n committee. Mr.
Patterson wa; received with applause
and many of his points were loudly cheer
ed, but. like Judge Douster. he- materially
reduced the length cf his speech because
of the heat and of the impatience of the
eudience. '
Judjre A. W. Ri!ck»r. who conveyed to
Mr. liryan the information of his indorse
ment by • the Knlfd States Monetary
League, had also to yie>ld to the demands
of the &udi<-nce for a curtailing of his re
marks He v.-as. however, piven an op
portunity to be briefly heard and to make
a number of points, which mot with the
approval cf the auditors.
When Mr. Rucker took his seat, Mr.
SUnrrfon lost no time in Introducing Mr.
Bryan, whose voice soon had the effect of
ejuietlng the crowd, lie was reoc-ivert with
a buret of applause when ho arose, but
th* demonstration very soon quieted down
and thenceforth the Interest of the audi
ence was made manifest by the undivided
attention which was given" rather than by
word of mouth or the- clapping of hands
Mr. Bryan read the preattr part of his
address from manuscript, and the deliv
ery occupied about forty minutes of time
bwt the crowd listened intently through
out and without any man'.fesiailon of im
patience or disapproval. When he ceased
rpcakinc those present wore invited to
sh3kf hands with him. and many availed
themselves of this opportunity to formal
ly- groet him.
' •'*.',¦ 3ryan Expresses Thanks.
before Ix-Rinnhip his address proper Mr.
Rryan took octagon to reply io Mr!
Troutman's welcoming remarks. This he
did extemporaneously and as follows:
J desire In the beginning to thank the a.i<
t.horl!ie« of this Hi*t<- and city for the r.r>n
:crtlsan welcome whk-li has . l>er>n delivered
through Mr. Trout nun. 1 ap^rcelat*- that Hb
vr&Iity of thought, that ir< r.ero.;!ty, too infre
cmcnl in nolitics. Uial enables political oj-'Po- !
n»trtj» to thuw t«-nd<-r the fntdom of th« city
to one with wbom they <lo not agio.- on i<ollti
ril nuesttar.s. I am irmt'.-ful for tin l:!n<l
worts which *v«-re sj oki-n ar.d >ryr*M«tW th«
• Jnj'ratton llWilUfHHMi. t\m though thai adru!r
j.i'.cs d<K-»< not count a*. cu;o:i on flection <**»'
•ji'a simple ballot. <>rrla.u'«\> I hope a« the
)€tn p,o by trt r!-n!l t>e al.lv. in lift. uollUcs
tn a higher cri! brighter rlftri". -j^ that % .vo ca.n
'. i; t oufuthc-rc ffr^at queu-tlons ax citizen*,
?¦"J'AaiJv carTM-st ;-:;rt c:ual]y !ionest. each ons
l-*") opting »hc ether'* right*. I thank the State
?.'1rn'.r.;stration nt;«l tV.c pity .Tlir.lniitratlon fur
tM* c«'.:rteou< ar.<1 corJt;:l ai'7>!ause.
Bryan then bcj?a- the rffidJng of tht
address as orlKinally prepared, only stop
ping to interject h few words .in reply to.
the notification cf Judge Hucker." Bryan
paid considerable attention to the money
Question, saying among other things:
In 1K>6 the rooney ' quesUpn was of para
mount irrrortnr.ee, and ths allies In that cam-
XEW YORK, Aug. 23.— In reference to a
report which has been current f^r several
days the World to-morrow will print the
following- copyrighted cable:
LONDON. Aug. 23.— The World corre
spondent telegraphed Andrew Carnegie,
who is at Skibo Castle, his Scotch resl.
dcrice. asking whether the report was true
that he Intended to stump the United
States for Bryan because of his opposi
tion to imperialism. Mr. Carnegie replied:
"There Is no truth in the report."
Roosevelt Delayed.
DEADWOOD. S. D.. Aug. 23.— The pro
gramme for Governor Roosevelt's itiner
ary has been changed, so that instead of
being here next month as was expected,
he will not come until October.
paifrn united in the demand for the Immediate
restoration of silver by the independent action
of this country at 16 to I, the ratio which had
existed Hlnce 1S3I. They were defeated, but that
did not end the discussion. The Democrats
were defeated in ISsS, but that did not put an
end to tariff reform. The Republicans were
defeated In JS92. but that did not permanently
overthrow the protective tariff. Defeat at the
polls does not necessarily decide a problem.
Experience, and experience alone, settles ques
tions. If an increase in the volume of the
currency since 1S96, although unpromlsed by
the Republicans and unexpected, has brought
imnroveraent in industrial conditions, this im
provement, instead of answering; the argu
ments put forth in favor of bimetallism, only
confirms the contention of those who insisted
that ir.orc money would make better times.
The RepuL*an party, however, while claim
ing credit for the increase in circulation, makes
no permanent provision for an adequate supply
of standard money. It denies the necessity for
more banks to expand the. volume of paper
r«>al money, while It permits national promise*
to ray money.
If tlie Populists felt justified in opposing the
Republican party when it sought to conceal its
gold standard tendencies under the mask of in
hTCTftonaJ bimetallism, the opposition Should
be more pronounced in proportion as the Re
publican party more openly espouses gold
mor.ometa.Hlsm.
In 3S:G the reform forces charged the Re
publican party with intending to retire the
greenbacks. This charge, denied at the lime,
has been confessed by the financial bill, which
converts greenbacks, when once redeemed, into
Kold <-erti flea tea. and extends new privileges to
banks of 1fsu«. If a Populist opposed the
Republican r>arty when its hostility to green
backs was only suspected, that opposition
should b<- greater now, since no one can longer
doubt the purpose of the Republican party to
substitute bank notes for greenbacks.
Militarism aj^d Imperialism.
Returning to his latest topics Bryan
said:
It Is not strange that the Populists should
oppose militarism and imperialism, for both
are antagonistic to the principles which Popu
lists apply to other questions. Looking at
'luestior.s from the standpoint of a speculator,
the Populist recognizes in militarism a con-
Ftant and increasing burden. The army worm
which occasionally destroys a field of wheat
is not nearly so dangerous an enemy to the
fanner cs a large standing army which in
vades every field of industry and exacts toll
from every crop.
If IOa.0M men are withdrawn from the ranks
of the producers and placed as a burden on
the backs of thopp who •remain, it must be
knger hours, harder work and greater sacri
fices for those who toll, and the farmer, while
he pays more than his share of the expenses
of the army, has not part in any contracts or
development of companies, and his sons are
less likely to fill the life positions in the army
than the sons of those who by reason of
wealth or political prominence exert influence
at Washington.
At the present rate we will spend annually
upon the army -approximately half as much
jss «f spend for education In the United States,
and th's Immense- sum is wrung from the tax
payers by systems— of taxation which overbur
den the i»>or and undertax the rich man.
In the presence of such an Issue as militar
ism it is Impossible that any ropullst should
he«|tate to do his duty.
Hut evea the menace of militarism is but a
part of the question of lmr»erialisni. The pol
icy contemplated by the Republican party nul
lities emy iirincirle set forth In the Declara
tion of Independence, strikes a blow at popu
lar government and robs the nation of its
moral prestige. Already the more advanced
pupijorters of the colonial idea point to the
economy of a system of government which in
trusts all thr> pGwers to the executive and does
away vith the necessity of legislation.
The Army and Navy Journal. In its issue of
August 4. commends the English system and
an.ares that &*¦ a result of this system a
fifth of the world'* area, containing one-fifth
of its population, is ruied with an adminis
trative economy which is an administrative
marvel.
Thus doe*' lmi>eriall?m bear its supporters
backward, turning toward the dark ages. There
is no middle ground between the American
policy and the Kuropean policy. If this nation
remains true to Its principles, its traditions
and its hirtory. it cannot hold colonies. If It
enters ur>en a colonial career, it must repudi
ate the doctrine that governments derive- their
jui-t rowers from the consent of the governed.
Republic to Monarchy.
In concluding Bryan said:
A republic 1e always a menace to a mon
archy. Just an truth is always a menace to
error. Self-government, being the natural gov
ernment, must necepsarily create dissatisfac
tion among the subjects of those government*
which build upon some other foundation than
the consent of the governed. What the Orange
Free State and republics are to South Africa,
our republic is to the world, and only our In
creasing strength and the wide Atlantic have
protected us from the inextinguishable hostility
which must ever exist between those who eup
port a throne and those who recognize the citi
zen as the roverelcn.
Every step taken toward imperialism by this
nation m**ts with prompt and effective encour
apment from Europe. Lincoln pointed to the
interest which European nations have in the
abandonment here of the doctrine of equal
rights. He said: •'The' principles of Jefferson
are definitions and axioms of free society. And
yet they are denied and evaded with no small
show of success. One dashingly calls thorn
'clitterinjf generalities.' Another bluntly calls
them 'solf-evident lies." And others Insidiously
argue that they apply to 'superior races.' Those
expressions, differing in form, are Identical in
object and effect— the supplanting of the prin
ciples ft free government and restoring those
<t classification, caste and Ieg4tlmacy. They
would delisht a convocation of crowned heads
plotting ngaintt the people. They are the van
guard, the miners and sappers of returning des
potism. We must repulse them or they will
subjugate us." »
<">ur opponents say that the world would laugh
at us if we should p-lve Independence to the
Kilir-inep. Yes: kings would lnurh. aristocrat*
wfuld laueh and those would laugh who deny
the inalienable rights of men and deppise the
humbler Mk, who
"Along: the cool sequestered vale of life
Keep the noiseless tenor of their way."
But let this nation stand erect, and. apurn
ini? the bribes of wealth and i»wer. »how that
there Is a reality In the principles which we
powers. Let It show that th»r* Is a difference
between « republic and a monarchy and ths
oppressed of every lan<l will fee In our flag
thoir deliverance, ard whether they are bleed-
Inn on the battlefield or groaning; beneath a
tyrant's la*h, will ral*» their eyes to heaven In
a fervent prayer for the safety of our republic.
At 8 o'clock this evening Mr. Bryan left
for Manhattan, Kans., where he is an
nounced to speak to-morrow.
On his way to the depot Mr. Bryan
called on the local lodge of Elks and also
upon the Topeka Democratic Flambeau
Club. He made brief addresses to tx *'i,
saying to the club he would rather i,^<i
the club at a Presidential Inauguration
than a regiment of soldiers.
CARNEGIE NOT TO -gg
SPEAK FOR BRYAN
BRYAN NOTIFIED OF HIS
NOMINATION BY POPULISTS
Intense Heat Causes All Speeches to Be
Shortened Except Those Delivered
bu the Nebraskan.
DEWET'S FORCE IS NOW
ABOUT THREE HUNDRED
Lord Roberts Reports That the Boer Com
maniler Is Veru Hard Pressed and
Has Lost Many of His Guns.
LONDON, Aug. 23.— Lord Roberts re
ports to the War Office under date
of Pretoria. August 22. as follows:
"Buller's division marched to Van
"Wyck's vlel, fifteen miles south of
Belfast, yesterday. His casualties were
twenti%
"Pagret " reports' from Hammanskrall
that Baden-Powell engaged Grobler's rear
guard all day yesterday, urobler was
driven back east of Pinnars River. Bi-dcn-
Powell • occupied the railroad station of
that- name. During the fight Baden-
Powell's -advance and that of the enemy
galloped Into each other, the Rhodeslans
losing Colonel Spreckley and four men
killed' and seven younded. Many of the
Boers were killed or wounded. They were
at Cyferkulle this morning. Plumer and
HIckaman were closely pursuing them. It
seems ; certain that Dewet. finding: it
hopeless to make his way eastward, re
crossed the" Magaliesberg with a few
wounded, with the Intention of returning
to the Orange country.
"He" is In a very different condition from
that when he left Bethlehem, with six or
eight guns and 2000 men. His guns have
mostly been buried and his personal fol
lowing cannot be more than 300.
j "It Is stated that Steyn. with a small
bodyguard, has crossed PLnnars River oil
his way to join Kruger at Machadodori).
"The Boers yesterday blew up a portion
of the railway at Kotzes Drift, five miles
north of New Castle, and damaged tha
2Stl*~* plt thirty mile3 south of New
Th e Colonial Office to-day made public
tne text of the correspondence seized at
I Pretoria. Besides Henry Labouchere.
i i oh " Edward Ellis. Liberal member of
I p a r »iament for the Russ CUffe Division
I of Nottinghamshire, wrote to Mrs. Solly
! r? r ,* cta , 'avorable to the Transvaal. ami
Dr. r,avln Brown Clark. Radical member
f ° r Caithness and 'ormer Consul General
or the South African republic In London.
7iI9 tc }° . her under date of August 2),
1SJ3, or the unsatisfactory results of a
conversation he had with Joseph Cham
berlain, the Secretary of State for the
Colonies. Dr. Clark said he thought war
was inevitable and discussed the effect
°V, Pr Sf ldent Kru S« seizlncthe passes.
Dr. Clark is condemned by* the morning
papers irrespective of party. Some of tha
Government organs, in bijr. black type,
proclaim him a traitor of the worst kind.
Last evening he was mobbed by his con
stituents and was only saved from a
worse fate by one of his supporters, who
held the furious crowd at bay with a re
volver.
BERLIN, Aug. 23.— The statement 13
published here that Great Britain has
paid 60,0<,0 marks as damages to the own
ers of the German bark Hans Wagner
which the British unjustifiably detained in
South African waters during the early
days of the Transvaal war.
THE SAN FRANCISCO Q!kLL 9 l FRIDAY, AXXGTJST 24, 1900.
SOLDIERS ON GUARD AT
AKRON KEEP THE PEACE
Scenes of Desolation
Revealed After the
Night of Wild An
archy and Awfulv
Terrorism.
Both of the Killed Ace
Children Who Were but
Innocent Lookers-On
of th^ Mob's Fearful
>
2
THE LATE GENERAL GUS
TAV PAUL. CLUSERET.
Union LtthoKrapn Co.. 3S San»ora» it.. ArtUMo
Lithographers and Printers. Government Li-
cense! for Imprinting of Revenue Stamps.
PRINTR-'S. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUD^CO^
STATIONED AND PRINTF*.
rag-pM" PARTRIDGE *» <%££*»
JtUJTE ASH STEAM COAL g^g
DIAMOND COAI, MIXING CO.. at Its GREEN
IUVER COfXIERIES. ts the B<»st Coal In the
market Office and Yards— t5a Main atreet.
visit OR JORDAN'S meat
iSSSSOa OF ANATOMY
A Qj 1331M2ZXT SX.tei. ftii?^. Z.t.ZtL. ,
\ Df Tbe Largest Anatomical Miueum in the
A World. Wsfctactvu* or any contracted ,
V- St§ S7l d-±ea*e p«-*Hl»«-ljr c ur«dti7 the oiasit
2 JfWJ DR- uCaCAN-PaiVATE DISEASES',
\ flf&ng&fi Consultation free and stnrtly pririte.
0 ft J&«eTh It Km < Bt JXTOOoally rr by letter. A
<T k Jjjr C9 W 4**.t»o Curo tn e»ery caie undertaken.
AH / \\&, Write for Boot. FUlinsorai »f
tf * I \yi jiAanucr;, mailed mzs. i,\
h U u> ' Talua ' ) ' <: bco!t for Ufa)
7 DR. JOBDA3T A CO.. KOI Market Sfc.a V.
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Malls l
on Application.
DIRECTORY
COAL, COKB AND PIO ITOX
T r WIT SflV * f A •*> Battery Street.
»-V- nlLaUil S UJ-, Telephone Ma!a 1S64.
COPPER J-MITH.
r W CM1TH Sh 'P Plumbing. Steamboat and
V- IT - J..1I IU. Ship Work a specialty. IS and
IS Washinston »t. TeleChone Main 5641.
FRESH AND SALT .MEATS.
I1C RftVEv £ m Shipping Butchers. 104
JA3- tiUlfcd & LU- day: Tel. Mala IS*.
HAR>ESS DRESSING.
"PALO ALTO." Best leather preserver on
earth. 23c. Robinson Chem. Co.. US3 Howard.
GALVANIZIN3 AND METALS.
lir&. ft Dealer In Metals & Galvanizing. JOHN
FINX METAL WORKS. 315 Howard »t.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH, lawyer. 503 Cat. C!oal« M.
ELECTRICAL.
D. D. WASS.
Electrical Engineer. M Ea»* St.
B fruv PRINTER,
p. C- IJtUflEV 511 Sansome St.. 9. F.
PAlNTS.
rvlliri^r & LuMicatlntr Oils. Schneider's Mining
G. CLINCH & CO.. 9 Front. 8. F.
OILS.
TT'miTCVnN'O OU-S. LEONARD & EL-
LIS? Sit, S. F. Phone Main 1713.
METAL.
Extra linotype and stereotype metal. Pacific
Metal Works. 137-5 First «t.. San FrascUco.
LITHOGRAPHIC.NIAGARA-ON-THE-LAKE, Ont., Aug.
23.— The Niagara international tennis
tournament was continued here to-day.
& P. Fisher. of New York had an easy
time against S. D. Medd of Toronto, as
did Sumner Hardy of San Francisco
against F. B. Alexander, of Princeton and
Kreigh CollinS of Chicago , against W. S.
Bond of Chicago. Scores:
national Tennis Tourney.
Easily Beats His Opponent at Inter-
STJMNER HARDY WINS.
REGATTA POSTPONED.
Bain Mars the Day's Festivities at
Astoria.
Special Dlssatch to Tho Call.
ASTORIA, Ore.. Aug. 23.— The elements
turned against Astoria to-day and the
downpour of rain made it impossible to
pull off any of the regatta" events. The
rain came as an unpleasant surprise, for
tho weather all along- had been delightful.
Thfre were fully 6000 . visitors here, but
the management deemed it advisable to
nostpone the day's events. An effort was
im.de to pull off the gasoline launch race,
fint the boats could not find the buoys and
The race was called off. The Pacific Coast
s'nele B hell. championship and senior and
lunior barge races were scheduled to take
nlace before dinner, but all were held
over until to-morrow.
The opening exercises to-day included
the reception to the Queen, but this, too,
was postponed ¦ until this evening, when
her majesty was crowned at- the grand
hall The ceremonies were very impres
sive' Governor Geer, Mayor Bergman and
other prominent men taking part. IndJ-
jured.
To-morrow will be Marysville day at
\bo track and from indications the attend
ance will bo a crush. Following is a
rummary of to-day's races:
First race, sr^cial. 2:2i class, trotters and
ra"T?. i>u:se I2SQ, mll<? heats, 3 In 5:
L*ni A cHozoboom) 1 1 1
Trinoe (Welles) 2 2 2
Kalonev C Crown) 3 3 3
E. C. Wllke* <Pcait) 4 4 4
Time— 2:-6, 2:26. 2:24V*.
Second racp. sjwial farmers' race, purse $100,
n-.11'' h*-atR. 2 in 3:
Convict 1 1
Ferida 4 2 2
Don 3 3
<",olda * <
Fred P 5 5
Time— 2:33»i, 2:2oH-
Third rar*. running, purse $100. five furlongs—
Picario won, Christine second, San Augustine
third. Time. 1:02.
Fourth race, running, fix and a half furlongs
pur*» $100— McFarland won. Wing second, Lim
b«r Jim third. Time. 1:2X.
In the 2:20 class pace, Goshen Jim,
driven by Eddy, was the only starter and
went the distance in 2:20. receiving his
own and half the other entrance money.
At the Mnrysville Track Roy M, the
Favorite, Palls Upon the
Eoy.
MARTSVILLE. Aug. 23.— The attend
ance at the races at Agricultural Park
to-day was much larger than on the two
days previous. In the flrst two events the
favorites took first money, while in the
running races Jll luck seemed to attend
1 hem. —
In the five furlongs Roy M, the favorite,
rirtcen by Jim Brown of Sacramento.
Ftumbled after passing the three-quarter
pole and turning a double somersault
broke his neck, falling heavily on tho
rit'cr. who is seriously if not fatally in-
JOCKEY BROWN IS
SERIOUSLY INJURED
Ten Eyck "Wins.
HALIFAX. N. 8.. : Aug. 23.-The three
mile sculling race between Ten Eyck anij
Vail was won by Ten Eyck.
NEW YORK. Aug. 23.— For the second
time within two months Oscar Gardner;
the "Omaha Kid." and -Joe Bernstein of
this city met in the ring of the Broadway
Athletic Club to-night. On the former
occasion Bernstein was disqualified for
buttinp In the eighteenth round, and to
night he was asain disqualified for but
ting. He threw Gardner over his head
with a cross-buttock hold, which was
done deliberately, and . Referee - Foley im
mediately gave. the bout. to Gardner. This
occurred In the twelfth round, but • Bern-
Stein had attempted the same trick twice
earlier in the bout.*
Loses on a Foul.
American League Games.
MILWAUKEE. Ausr. 23.— Milwaukee 2, Min
neapolis 1.
INDIANAPOLIS. Aug. 23.— Indianapolis 8,
Detroit 3. ,
CLEVELAND, Aug. 23. — Cleveland 4 Bur
falo 6. .
CHICAGO, Aue. 23.— Chicago 1, Kansas
City * ,j .•:./¦
NEW YORK. Aug. 23.— The Philadelphia™
¦were aealn outplayed by the New Yorks to
day. Attendcnce, 1200. Score:
Clubs— , R. H. E
Philadelphia 4 13 2
New York 6 14 4
Batteries— Bernhardt and SlcFarland; Mercer
and Bowerman. Umuire— O' Day.
CHICAGO. Aug. 23.— The Chicago-St. Louis
same was called at the end of the fourth in
ning on account of rain.
PITTSBURO. Aug. 23.— Williams' wild
throw, lettinsr in two runs In thu ninth, was
renponsible for Pittsburg's "defeat. Barrett's
threo-barser in the first, followed by a hit
scored the other run. Loever mart« the sea-
Bon's record for Btrlke-outs, making ten men
fan the air. Attendance, 2500. Score:
ClubS T? TT p>
FlttKbur* „ g g 2
Cincinnati^ .3 10 0
Batteries— l>ever and Zimmerman; Scott
Peltz and Kahoe. Umpire— Snyder.
BOSTON. Aug. 23.— Collins- excellent fleldlng
5aved the day for Boston. Attendance, 2300
Score :
Clubs — R H E
£°* to " fi 10 2
Brooklyn 3 10 1
Batteries-Xichols and Clark; Kitson and
1-arrell. Umpire— Hurst.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ....5S 36 .617 Boston 48 49 495
Kl 1 . 1 , 6^^-" 54 46 -640 Cincinnati ..46 52 .'469
Philadelphia 49 48 .500 St. Louis ....43 51 417
Chicago 4S 43 .5001 New York- ..39 56 '410
Boston's Fielder Does Good "Work
Against Brooklyn.
CORRECT STAXDIXC. OF THE CLUBS.
SAVED BY COLLINS.
i
cations are that to-morrow will be bright,
in which event some rare sport will occur.
FtrLLERTOX. Oil.. Aug. 23.— As Mr.
and Mrs. George X. Apkins of Los AI
lamStOH.were returning home last hlght
*!rom a hunting trip: Mr*. Apkins was
inftartJy killed by the accidental dis
charge of -a shotgun, the ehot taking ef
fect In her breast. She was 35 years old.
The gun was discharged as Mr. Apkins
Jumped ¦. from the buggy, the trircer
Accidentally Killed.
handed down yesterday Superior Judge
Shaw <J!*stclv«»f! the Injunction secured by
Oe:i<»ral Harrison Gras* Ot«f» and others to
yrevmt the city of Los Angeles from en
vninj? into a contract with Warren Gille-
Jen to bore for oil in Sunset Park. The
rourt holds in l»rief that the plaintiffs
have no riKht. as private citizens to main
tain surh action, as the proposed leaj»e of
the park v.ill not destroy Its us* 1 for pur
poses at pleasure. The case will be ap
pealed to the Supreme Court.
Judgo Shaw Makes an Important De
cision in an Injunction Case
at Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 23.— In an opinion
MAY BORE FOR OIL
IN SUNSET PARK
her b^fit for the children, though it ha*
l><?cn hard work to make both end? meet.
Mrs. Kelly is supporting herself and the
two childrVn by keeping a private board
ing hou.«p. She i!" a brave little woman of
middle age. to whom credit and sympathy
Is du«. Hc-r children, a son and daughter,
have been given every necessary comfort
and Rre kept steadily in school.
Wife Was Obliged to Leave Him Be
cause of His Excessive Use
of Opium.
6ix»cia.l Dlsratcb to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 23.— A press dis
patrh from London. England, contained
information concerning the death of Ter
rertce Kelly in Liverpool. The inquest
developed the fact that he formerly nved
at Pasadena, where his widow and chll
<ir«»n *till live. A ietter was found on hiiti
raving he killed himself by the excessive
us^ cf opium. Mrs. Keliy lives at 139
*\'>rth Deiacy street. Pasadena, but does
not want to talk about the matter. .
It seeir.s that for a long time he has
b<-en a helpless victim of the opium habit.
He was a good man otherwise, but the
hkbit dragged him down so that at last
Ji«? oould not support ills family. His wife
•was ¦conipcHrd to leave him and came to
Pas.ider.a with a sister. She spoke of the
unfortunate man in the kindest words,
and with a sigh stated that she had done
TERRENCE KELLY HAD
FAMILY IN PASADENA
Was in ITo Way to Blame for the Ac
cident on ths Zllount Tamalpais
Road.
Sp«»c-isd Dispatch to The CmM.
<?AN* RAFAELs Aug. 23.— Coroner Eden
held an inquest this morning at Mill Val
ley on the body of E. G. Thomas, the
onpineer who was killed yesterday in the
tr;Ktn WTPck on the Mount TamalpaJs
RsHroad. After listening' to the evidence
of three witnesses, the jury returned a
vrrdict of dea.th by accident, the cauws
of which are unknown.
The simple story told by Section Hand
An:on«» Marl an a. who was acting as fire
m«iri a.t the time, ciears the dead engineer
of the charge of carelessness. Mariana
said through an interpreter: "We left the
summit at 7:10 a. m. Everything went
well untii we had gone about four miles.
We were running at the usual speed. As
we came around the curve all the brak*-s
wrre on, but they didn't seem to hold.
Something vea wrong. When the engine
etartod to topj«'e over Mr. Thomas called
to me to jump. He stuck In the sent In
the c,a.b. The engine rollt-d over the bank.
1 w«^nt around below and pulled Mr.
Thomas u".:t. There was lots of steam and
fce wss burned."
Thus the story of the heroic engineer's
dr-ath was told. In the fac« of death he
thought of his fireman and barf" him save
liimsHf. while he. with his hand on the
throttle, still struggled to avert the dis
artrr. Marina told with simple modes;y
of his gallant action in crawling up the
hill and amid whirling wheels and clouds
of scorching Fteam effecting the rescue oi
the bruised ar.d blistered body of the en
£•:; eer. Marina was the only witness who
tcstiried as to th^' condition of the road,
lio said he thought it was good.
\V. J. Thomas, a brother of the dead
engineer, testified that the- deceased was
employed as master mechanic of the
mountain road. L>r. Spottiswood testified
as *o tho injuries of the deceased.
There waM a strong feeling in Mill Val
ley this morning over the charge of care
lessness on the part of Thomas, which
waf not made until his death was cer
tain. The company regarded Thomas as
or.e of its best engineers.
Aft«?r the inqur-et the bodv was ta.ken
to San Francisco. Interment will take
place at Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
ENGINEER THOMAS IS
FULLY VINDICATED
From the sound of the gong in the^rst
round to the sudden ending in the thir
teenth Tremble faced his opponent with
courage and confidence. The fight was
pretty much the same one round after
another. A few swings by Murphy that
found the air the resisting substance and
some straight left leads by Tremble. In
the third round Murphy tried to rush
matters, but he was soon brought to a
stop by Tremble's left hand, which seemed
to stick out threateningly.
The eleventh saw the fiercest fighting
of- all. Tremble poked his left fist
into Murphy's face so often and hard that
he reopened the old cuts about the mouth.
Murphy's face wore a general choppy ap
pearance long before he administered tho
quieting blow to Tremble. For a time !n
this round it looked as if Tremble was
going to finish his opponent. But there
was one thing lacking— ring experience.
While appearing as the better fighter.
Tremble came to the front In the thir
teenth evidently determined to ease up in
his work. The steam seemed to leave
film, and he could not get together when
Murphy started a bit of rough house
According to agreement the fighters were
not to hit In the clinches. By clumsy,
low clinching Tremble put himself re
peatedly in the way of a right cross in
the break. In the fhirteenth the cross
landed, and that was the beginning of the
end. From one end of the ring to the
other Murphy battered Tremble, until
Tremble went down on his haunches and
out.
The preliminary between Tomm\ Cox
and Toby Irwin was a painfully dragged
out affair. Irwin was afraid at all times
to mix things, and kept backing up so
steadily and continuously that the stage
could hardly hold him. When he did dis
play a disposition to mingle he battered
Cox with right and left. Cox's eyes were
moused early in the fight, but this did not
prevent him from boring into Irwin. All
the aggressive work was done by Cox,
Irwin trusting to counter efforts in one
of the four corners.
Jack Welch refereed the principal event.
JIM TREMBLE, Tim McGrath's new
protepe, gave a good performance
—for a novice— with the gloves last
nipht at Woodward's Pavilion, but
in the thirteenth round he was clipped
on the point of the chin by a right cross
from Tim Murphy and this ended him.
Dazed by the blow. Tremble was at the
mercy of a rainstorm of left swings and
light hooks that followed. They carried
him to his corner after ten seconds' pain
ful waiting.
The preliminary between Tommy Cox
and Toby Irwin went the fuU distance of
twenty rounds. Referee MeGuiley handing
the fight to Irwin, much to the dissatis
f.ictlon of the public But Cox seemed
satisfied, so the discontent was stilled in
the bud. Both fights were before the Co
lumbia Athletic Club. * • ' *
Jack Tremble and Tim 'Murphy were
evenly matched and the contest was a
very close one until the fatal round.
Tremble had a shade the better of It, If
anything. Confident, willing and anxious
lo put His gloved flFts on all parts of
Murphy's anatomy, lie made a good show
ing for the tyro that he is. Murphy with
all his rir.g experience was at jio time the
proncur.ctd superior of his antagonist,
i'rf-mble'fi lack of ring knowledge and ring
tricks is what lost him the battle. On
two occasions he had Murphy in vague
thought, but he was not wise enough to
follow up his advantage.
Murphy wasted more good punches and
exhausted more driving steam than would
suffice to lay low an army of warring pu
gilists. The swings let loose by the Aus
tralian that did not connect were too
many to count.. Murphy has adopted the
l.alf-op*»n jackknife position, with his
head stuck forward like a turtle's out of
its shell. Several timfs he was straight
ened up by stiff punches from Tremble's
straight left. Altogether Murphy has not
proved himself anything on the miracu
lous order of pugilist.
BUSINESS BLOCK
OF GEYSEHYILLE
IS DESTROYED
A Disastrous Fire Breaks
Out in the Early
Morning.
tion and Only the Direction of
the 'Wind Saved It From
Destruction.
CAUSE OP BLAZE UNKNOWN
Town Is Without Adequate Protec-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
j GETSERVILLE, Aug. 23.— This roornin?
at about 2 o'clock fire broke out in. the
reax of Charles) L. Freylach's general
merchandise store, and within two hours
the entire business portion of the west
side of Main street was a mass of ruin>.
The cause of the fire is unknown. It is
supposed, however, that It was caused
by the spontaneous combustion of some
grain in sacks stored in the building.
When the fire was flrst discovered the
building -was filled with smoke and no
blaze was visible, but soon afterward the
back door was blown open by the pres
sure of the hot air within and then th6
building flashed into flames. Unfortunate
ly the. town has no fire protection awl
the water supply was inadequate to sa\>?
anything. Had there been any air astir
the entire town would have been swept
away.
Those losing heavily are as follows:
Stamer & Feldmeyer lost their building*
and some cooperage, amounting to jtiXiO;
they were Insured for $300). Charles L.
Freylach, general merchandise. J2500; in
sured for $2000. A. Crowell, general mer
chandise and building. $4CO0: insured for
$300. J. Haupt, tin shop. $2500; insured for
$500. E. D. Cook, butcher shop, $700: no
insurance. O. W. Leahy, blacksmith tools
and building. $10«X>; no insurance. Hall &
Johns, saloon, $1500; insured for $730.
The entire loss sustained Is Jis.200. The
amount of insurance on this Is $7150. New
buildings will be erected.
Next to Gibraltar, Malta fa the strong
est fortress In the world.
SENSATIONAL
FINISH IS SEEN
AT HAWTHORNE
Maggie Davis Upsets Talent,
Winning Out by a Long
BOSTON. Aug. 23.— Three good races
made up to-day's card at the Readville
track in the grand circuit meeting and
they were full of exciting "brushes. Tho
big* event for speed was the 2:06 pace,
which the black gelding Royal R. Sheldon
won in easy fashjorr.
The chief race for the bookmakers was
the 2:14»class, which went to seven heats
and was won by the Mason farm gelding.
John T. Driver Dore was fined $100 be
cause he laid up the gelding In the seconil
and third heats after having been warned.
The 2:14 trot went to the favorite, George
na.. Summary:
2:06 cla.«s paceC purs* $1500— Royal R. Shel
don Tvon two straight heats In 2:07, 2:05%. Ace,
Eyelet, Indiana and William Wallace Scrib
r.or also started.
2:14 ¦ pace, pureo $3OO0- 7 -John T won fourth,
fifth and peventh Iw-ats in 2:09%, 2:O9H, 2:14%.
Wlnola won first and Bixth heats In 2:10. 2:16%.
Sidney Pointer won third heat In 2:19. The
Admiral. Matin Bell?. Xed Wilkes, Joe Gahu,
"Rana, Little. Dick and Orrin B also started.
2:14 trot, purse $1000— Georgena won three
straight' heats in 2:11%, 2:09'^, 2:10. Bay Star,
Nigger Jack, Alkaloney. Palm Leaf, Alice
Barnes, Lass. Iris O, Grace Onward, Rustler,
Confessor, Klng> Jack, Lucrative, Pilot Evans
Dot' Miller andTClng Warlock also started.
DUBUQUE. Aug. 23.— Everything was fa\-or
able for good sport at the Nutwood Park meet
ing of the Great Western circuit to-day. In the
2:09 pace Colbert cut three-quarters of a sec
ond from his ow/i record. Summary:
2:09 pace, purse $2000— Colbert won in straigln
heats. Best time. 2:07%. Alpha W, Nlcol B
and Lord Rosebery also started.
Free-for-all trot, purse $000— Josephine 'Dlxon
won the third, fourth and seventh heats. Early
Reaper won the fifth and sixth heats. Agirle
Medium won the first nnd second heats. Best
time, 2:02*4. Peru Belle also started.
2:12 pace, purse $1000— Friclmont won the
third, fourth and fifth heats. Country Girl
won the first and second heats. Best time,
2:09H- Hanford Jr. also started.
2:10 pace, purse ?500— Flowing Tide won the
second, third and fourth heats. Best time,
t:09'i. Beachwocd won the first heat In 2:0SVi.
2:20 trot, purse $500— Baby B won the second,
third and fourth heats. Best time. 2:1514. Yel
low Jacket won the flrst heat in 2:14%.
Tommy Britton at Galesburg and
Colbert at Dubuque Do Fast
Work.
GALESBURG, 111., Aug. 23.— The fea
ture of to-day's races was the lowering
by Tommy Britton of his record to 2:06V£,
with a running mate. Summaries:
Merchants' stake for three-year-olds, purse
J10CO— Redlac won the- flrst, third and fourth
heats. Best time. 2:1S%. Fajaran wpn the sec
ond heat in .2:25%. George Musteovlte and
ST.. LOUIS, Aug. 23.— Summaries:
Six furlongs— Miss Theresa won, Albert F.
Dewey second, Doloraine third. Time, l:15'i.
Stx furlongs, selling — Percy R won. Terralene
eecond. Innuendo third. Time, 1:15%.
Mile and seventy yards— Gotobed . won, Ida
Led ford second, Ladas third. Time, 1:4$. *
Mile — Love's Labor won. Go Out second. Wall
third. Time. 1:41.
Six furlongs— The Barrister won. Grantor sec
ond. Miss Bramble third. Time. 1:14%.
Mile — Glen Lake won. Prince Real second.
El Caney third. Time, 1:44%.
RECORDS AR-3 BROKEN.
DKTROIT, Aug. 23.— Results at Highland
Park:
Six furlongs— Double Tail won, Fairy Dell
second, lee Drop third. Time, 1:15.
Five furlongs, selling — Donna Seay won.'
Lyror Bell second. Gray Dally third. Time,
1:02^4.
Mile and a sixteenth— Lady of the West won,
Vlrgle O second. Windward third. Time, 1:43.
Seven furlongs — Cherry Head won. Our Lizzie
second, Alfred Vargrave third. Time, 1:29U<
Four and a half furlongs— Salve won, Marcy
second, Mudder third. Time,':56.
Six furlongs— Wine Press won. By George sec
ond, Jennie third. Time, 1:15*4. j
SARATOGA. Aus. 23.— Charentus won the
Citizens' and Merchants' stakes of J50CO this
afternoon, lcadine from start to finish. The
race was a fast one, the mile and a six
teenth beir.ff run in 1:45%. The first mile was
run in 1:39. Advance Guard was second and
the Brooklyn and Suburban handicap winner,
Kinley Mack, third. Ten to one was laid
against Charentus. Favonius, ridden by his
new owner, 13. L. Smith, won the race for
gentlemen riders. Results:
Five furlonss — Tammony Chief won. Col.
Chester second. Gladerun third. Time, 1:02.
One mile, selling— Mlllstream won, . Althea
second. Exit third. Time, l:4iy t .
The Citizens' and Merchants' handicap, $5000,
one mile and a sixteenth — Charentus won. Ad
vance Guard second, Kinley Mack third. Time,
1:45%.
Gentlemen riders, one mile — Favonius won,
George Keene eecond, Draughtsman third.
Time, 1:45%.
Selling, one mile and an eighth — Hoods
Brigade won. Excels Is second, Rochester third.
Time, 1:L6.
DETROIT, Aus. 23.— Results at Windsor:
Six furlones— Tcnole won, Cavallo second,
Dlvertlsement third. Time, 1:15%.
Five lurlonss— May Cberry won, Reglna Lee
second. Golden Crest third. Time, 1:O2V4.
Selling, six and a half fu&Dngs— Full Dress
won, Klnc Elkwood second, Prince of India
third. Time, 1:21>.;.
Selling 1 , cne mile and a quarter— Miss Soak
won. Topmast second. Monk Wayman third.
Time, 2:o9.
Steeplechase, short course-rSallust won,
Mavournwn second, Zufalllg third. Time. 2:69.
Selling, ono mile— Statlra won, Al Caskey
second. Alva II third. Time, 1:43.
advantage of a long nose. The finish was
one of the hair-raising kind. All through
the stretch Found, Maggie Davis and Miss
Mae Day ran noseband nose, with the
winner turning up in Maggie Davis at
10 to L
Five furlonss— Matin won, William Ack sec
ond. Sad Ham third. Time, 1:05.
Six furlongs — Meggle Davis won. Found sec
ond. Miss Mae Day third. Time, 1:17.
One mile— The Lady won, Tuthlll second,
Sauber third. Time, 1:16^.
}!*lve and a half furlonKS, the Prairie stakes—
Sortie won. Handy Man second, -Wild Pirate
.third. Time. 1:11U. /
Steeplechase, short course— Passe Partout
won. Vlklngr second," Frond third. Time, 3:1214.
One mile and a sixteenth— Blue Lick won,
Handpress second, Molo third. Time, 1:12^.
CHICAGO, Aug. 23.— Rain fell heavily
nearly all the forenoon at Hawthorne,
making the track fetlock deep in soft
mud. The feature of the day was the
Prairie stakes. Sortie, the favorite, won
easily. Maggie Davis upset the talent in
the second race by winning through ttte
Kinley Mack, Suburban Winner, Fin
ishes but Third in the Citizens'
and Merchants'. Stakes at
Saratoga.
NEW YORK, Aug. 23.— Personal feeling will figure very largely In the bat
tle between "Bob" Fltzsimmons_and "Tom" Sharkey, which will take
place before the Seaside Sporting Club at Coney Island to-morrow nigrht.
This feeling between the sailor and the former blacksmith dates back to
their meeting in San Francisco several years ago, when Sharkey was
awarded the decision on a foul. Fitzslmmons has always claimed that he was
robbed of the victory on that, occasion, and says that the battle to-morrow
night will bear testimony to the truthfulness of, his statement.
• Sharkey and Fitzsimmons took the final work for their contest at their re
spective training quarters to-day.
"The smart fellows seem to think," said Sharkey. "that Fitzslmmons won
a great battle when he defeated Ruhlin, but I do not think he fought well at
all. He was very unsteady at times, and Ruhlin had at least a dozen opportuni
ties to beat him. I think if I had been In Ruhlin's place that night I, should
have got the decision over Fitzslmmons in the first round.
"If he goes to slugging the way he did with Ruhlin, I'll bet that I put him
to sleep in less than five minutes. I am Just as good a man to-day as when I
fought Jeffries." . .
Fitzelmmons is in better shape than when he fought Ryhlln. His skin has
a better color and his eyes are clearer.
Fitzslmmons remarked to a friend: "It will be all over inside of ten mia
utes. I beat Sharkey, without any trouble before, although I did not get credit
for my vlctorv. But I . will prove when I meet the sailor to-morrow night that
I am his superior in every respect. as a fighter.
"Sharkey is essentially a slugger, who has got to get in a set position In
order to deliver a blow effectively. His greatest stock in trade is his hitting
power and his ability to take punishment.
"Sharkey can unquestionably hit as hard as any other heavyweight In the
ring ana is always dangerous. One blow from Sharkey is apt to win a fight
for him. He is by no means clever, however, and depends on bull-like rushes
to give him victory. Sidestepping and other finer points of the game which
! Sharkey has been trying to master, cannot be learned and perfected In a
month; It takes years of hard practice to develop such points thoroughly. I ex
pect to defeat him: and do the trick with neatness and dispatch."
NEW YORK. Aug. 23.— Sharkey
Is unquestionably a very plucky fel
low, and you have got to knock
him cold In order to make sure that
he remains down on the boards
long enough to be counted out.
But I'll find no trouble In accom
plishing that feat.
ROBERT FITZSIMMONS.
NEW YORK, Aug. 23.— Those fel
lows who are running: away with
the Idea that Fltzsimmons is going?
to put me out with a left shift
blow, solar plexus punch or some
other kind of freak *t>low. and do
the trick right off the reel, are very
much mistaken.
THOMAS SHARKET. '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Sailor Equally Confident That He Will Be
Proclaimed the .Victor and Points
Out His Reasons,
FITZ SAYS HE WILL WIN
INSIDE OF TEN MINUTES
McGrath s Protege Was Put to Rest in
the Thirteenth— Irwin Got the
Decision.
TREMBLE WAS WILLING
BUT MURPHY WON OUT
NEW OFFICERS
OF YOUNG MEN'S
INSTITUTE
Adjournment of the Six
teenth Annual Grand
Council.
ENCOURAGING REPORTS READ
la the Evening a Banquet Is Held
and Thanks Tendered All Who
Aided in Entertaining the
Delegates.
To-night a grand banquet was given the
council at the Hotel Rafael. With good
rsuste and good cheer the delegates
v.hiled away the evening hours and one
of the most successful sessions of the
Grar:d Council passed into the history of
the order.
The finances of the order were found
to be in a dourishing: condition- The great
Increase of membership daring: the past
year was a source of satisfaction to the
council With the many reforms pro
vided at this session an unusually good
y«ax is predicted- After the election the
new officers Tvere installed by Supreme
President Kierce- A vote of thanks was
passed thanking the Dominican Sisters,
the local council, the Catholic ladies, the
Toang Ladle?" Institute and the citizens
of San Rafael generally for their enter
tainment and hospitality to the delegates
to the Grand Council while here.
The finance cunatnitcee estimated the
amount needed to maintain the order for
the ensuing year at $57<X> on a member
ship of a*.*. 1 , requiring a per capita tax
of £1 50.
SAX RAFAEL, Aug. 23.-The sixteenth
aanue! Grand CouncU of the Tojws Men's
Insuiute was brought to a close here
this afternoon. The council has been in
session lor four days and much work has
bc«n performed. l*h e ere*ter portion of
me aay was spent in electing de!egat»s
and officers. The following were elected:
Delegates to Supreme Council at Den
ver in next October— A. F. St. Sure. Sam
uel liasklns. John Riley. Prank J. Dris
coil. Alternates— F. J. Kierce, John Lynch,
Dt. T. H. Morris, J. L. McNiff. Grand
chaplain. Rev. M. L>. Slatterj-; grand presi
dent, J^. A. Mahnn of i-ureiia; lir^i vice
presidfnt. D. J. O'Learv; second vice
president, J. W. Sharp of L03 Angela;
trand secretary. George A. Stanley; grrund
treaLsurer. \\ . T. Aggjer; grand marshal,
T. J. llorau: grarni insiae sentinel, J_>. T.
Fouers of San Fraru-isc-o; grrand outride
eenlinel, Xorben Schneider; grand direc
tors—J. D. Whelan of Livenhore, Rev. J.
\Y. Sullivan of San Rafael. L~ W. ilahony
of Sacramento, T. EL Collins of Fresno,
A. D. MclClnnon of Oakland and E. H.
Myrick. E. J. Dollard and J. J. O'Toole of
£aji Krancisco.
J. I>. \Vti<iian received the highest vote
of any candidate for gTand director.
Sj>eciaJ Dlsxxatch to Th« Call.
TH-E SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY,: AUGUST 24, 1900.
Astronomers, tell us that In our solar
system there are at least 17,000,000 comets
of all sizes.
Men'B open singles: First round— W. a Bond
Chicago, beat Holcomb .Ward, Harvard, by de
fault.
K. P. Fisher. New York, beat A. C. McMaa
ter, Toronto.
Secon-1 round — E. P. Fisher, New York, beat
S. D. Medd, Toronto. - »
Kreigh Collins, Chicago, beat W. S. Bond.
Chicaso. ' • ¦'¦ ¦''• '•
Surnrmr Hardy, San Francisco, beat F. B
Alexander, Princeton, 6-1, 6-1. . •¦'
H. H; Hackett. Yale, beat Harry Waldner,
Chicaco. ¦-' ¦ ' »
Ladies* singles— Mlsa Champlln, Chicago, beat
Miss Pennlngton, ChicaKo. • ' .. . .,
SemJ-nnal round— Miss Wlmer, WaahinKton"
beat Miss Stever. Chicago.- * ."•
Men'6 handicap singles: Preliminary round—
H. H. Hackett. owe 30. beat P. Johnson; half
¦ A. - C. . McMaster, . scratch, beat R. " H. Rob
bie, 30. ¦ < '¦¦' >-'•' ¦ .' . '
Peter Porter, scratch, beat P. Hayes, 80.
~ S. G. Tate, 15, beat 6. -T. Medd. 15. •¦-;•''«
Krelih' Collins, owe . half-fourth, • beat O
Peterson,- scratch.* ' ¦ - .
Sumner Hardy, owe 30, beat H. Marquis,
half-flfteen, 6-3. 7-5.
E. Kelley, 30. beat A. C. McMaster, 15.
TIM MURPHY OP AUSTRALIA.
3
i&i D 1 5 KclillLllUllb |p|
ji on stylish suits ||
i&'i That's the plain, simple truth about our |p>i
Wii-m Remodeling Sale, expressed in a few words. Wgjffl
!'•£! These reductions will remain in effect untilp^
|:X-i the sale ends — which will be soon. Bsj|
S^i " The reductions are about one-half; you W$m
PtB can S et w0 su ' ts or e re § u ' ar price of one. W&\$
fe-i We refer to some ready-made suits. Made- |p-ij|
Kli to-order suits are going for one-third off. fei
I?*! e ave a ' 3Out enough of these spring 1^1
W$m and summer suits to last until the end of the |^|
H^vR sale. When the alterations are done in our |g;|
-B^fl store we will have a big display of a new. fall |^i|
isi stock — but' of course at regular prices. i^|
ifl Ready=Made Suits > Shirts Spi
'H;^ fi ' . ' Suits of all-wool cheviot in desira- Garner's percale shirts^ — very latest
IlK m e patterns, good, long - wearing designs in colors to be worn this fall; EaVv |
Hi'''*'' H mate " a l °* rather rough finish; price shirts have just come in and are 5
H'jV-- fg previous to this sale $12.50, now worth $1.00 and $1.25, but the sale : Vfc3
H -**¦*'•• il ' F ancv cheviots^of better material OUC each S*'^' f§
Eh'^" *S than the above in a number of pleas- §!•*<• H
•B$- : ! ing Patterns— actually worth $15.00; Gol{ shirts> e made of good fast . col . W&®
B;^a until they are gone. ored material in sizes to fit .the major- M$ffl
|S;'*'-ii $8.45 itv of people; the former prices were ra»'..!u|
lH' : '' Urn 5 OC an<^ 75 C » k' at are now reduced fcl"* '^1
pi riade=to-Order Suits 35c «c h pi
||:~\> |j ing a special of some $13.50 and Hate S?*' 1^
Jg| ':'*.; H $15.00 suits, but for the sake of a good Flo. IS y : S'V^
B-'i^B Value WC are makin £ them now for Derbys, fedoras and graecos in the B'-lVS
Ba^B $10 00 fall. shapes .and colors; hats that you aS^lll
li""' H iouins S130 II '•*"•• lH
ra>V;^ Some odds and ends in sizes and sa^itl
§H: ''*'*• Pi patterns;' all sizes in the suits as a _ .. , , ! './' . •- «33--- : 'Sa
Hfr" : §l 1 1 u 4. ' 4 • • «. Golf caps made from remnants trom ia-v.'-'.ss
ia-i"- : !ll whole, but not in anv one pattern. f s2/-V''Ksi
B- y fl They were $7.50, $8.00 and $9.00 our tailoring department; cloth would H^gl
IS vMBI .. -i i. li u 1 *u otherwise be a waste — we charge vou »•:<*:»!
H '• rW\ s ' as are b r °k en tne >' h i.- *jj ".'.Vffl
S-M $5.85 a suit 15C each; 2 for 25C i>-l
¦R^ : B 718 Market Street. W^-mSAN JOSE, Aug. 23.— Mrs. Rathbone.
the wife of a farmer residing in the /San
Felipe Valley, lost her life last night In
a flre which completely destroyed her
home/ Details of the sad accident are
lacking and many conflicting stories are
told. According to the most authentic
account Mrs. Rathbone went to her bed
room at about 8 o'clock, leaving her hus
band, an aged man. reading in the
kitchen.
Special Dispatch 'o The Call.
the charred body of Mrs. Rathbone was
found in the ruina.
The origin of the fire is unknown, but
It is supposed that a lamp lighted by
Mrs. Rathbone as she was preparing ti>
retire for the night exploded, throwing
burning oil in all directions.
Another story is to the effect that Mrs.
Rathbone was alone In the house at thi
time of the fire, and still another puM
Rathbone In an unenviable light, but little
credence is given it. According to the
latter tale when neighbors arrived thfy
found him devoting all his energies to
ward saving the contents of the houuo.
When a.«<ke<l where his wife was h* said
she was inside, but it would be useless
to attempt to rescue her. They knev/
nothing of the situation and renderel
very little assistance. All that was sa'.*e-l
from the burning building wan a trunk
which Rathbone managed to drag out.
The place where the tragedy occurreii
is in the Harris School district, about
eight miles from Evergreen, near the Coa
ranch. An inquest was held this after
noon.
WOMAN IS BURNED TO
DEATH IN FARMHOUSE
Charred Body of Mrs. Rathborae Found in the
Ruins of Her Jiome Near the Town
of Evergreen.
SURVEYORS AT WORK ON
THE NEW RAILROAD
Line From Los Angeles to Salt Lake
"to Be Built Without the Aid
of Eastern Capital.
Special Diepatch to The Call.
; LOS ANGELES, Aug. 23.— Henry Haw
good is to be the chief engineer of the
Terminal's new railroad between Los An
geles and Salt Lake City. He is now In
the field with a crew of surveyors map
ping out the route between Los Angeles
and San Bernardino, and promises to have
this part of the work completed within
ninety days. The new road will start on
Its way east from Hobart station and will
run. through Arcaria Baker rancho; thence
through Pomona and oast to San Bernar
dino. Mr. Hawgood was formerly in the
employ of the Southern Pacific and was
chief engineer for the Free Harbor League
in the San Pedro breakwater hearing be
fore the Walker board.
» Western capital, without the assistance
of Wall street or subsidies, public or pri
vate, is to construct the transcont'nental
railroad between Los Angeles and Salt
Lake City. Such an instance has never
been known in the history of railroad
building in the United States, at least so
far as Western lines are concerned. W.*A_
Clark is not to have the help of tin*
Burlington. Union Pacific or Rio Grando
Western in the big enterprise. He and his
associates in the present ownership of the
Terminal will go it alone all the way and
will not ask aid of any other railway cor
poration in their big and to Los Angeles
very important undertaking.
Prohibitionist Committee.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 23.— The Prohibi
tionists have elected the following as
members of their County Committee:
Rev. E. L. Rich of Watsonvllle. A. I~
Ward of Branerforte. H. E. Dorr of Santa
Cruz. James Hopkins Jr. of WatnonviUe.
E. C- Deerlng of Sequel. Harry Carter of
Santa Cruz, J. W. Peery of Boulder
Creek, Rev. E. H. Hayden of Santa Cruz.
\V. R. "Wilson of Soquel. II. E. Burbank
of Corralitos, Isaac White of Beabright
and L. B. Lathrcp of Capitola.
STOCKTON. Auk. 23-— Clarence J. Berry, who
irade a big stake in the Klondike. ha» asso
ciated with Stockton men with means in a
proposition to conduct, near Wakeneld, tMis
county, the largest dairy In the State. The?
have already negotiated for the purchase of
machinery for the manufacture of butter ami
cheese on a large scale, together with otner
milk products. Uerry will put in a nerd of
V>00 milch cows and the other members of the
company will put in 500 more.
perhaps, the most famous private palace
on the Pacific Coast. In the olden days
it was the scene of oriental luxury and
the rooms that will now echo to the riot
of madness sounded once to the revelry
and mirth and gayety of wild spirits call
ed together by the fabulously wealthy
owner, who lavished fortunes in caprice
and indulged the wildest fancies of ex
travagance. In the days of its decadence
the palace became a young ladies' semi
nary. The revelry that once ruled it lived
only in memory and now In tragic climax
it will become the home of spirits un
balanced by the madness of grief and
not of joy. .
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Aug. '23.-J. Knox
Corbett. chairman of the Territorial Re
publican Central Committee, has Issued a
call for the convention to be held In Phoe
nix September 24.
Arizona Republican Convention.
STOCKTON, Aug. 23.-The condition of
C. A. Cotter of this city, who fell while
trying to alight from a moving train. Sun
day, is puzzling the physicians. Since be
ing nicked up unconscious he has eaten
nothing and neither calls for food" nor
water. He Is conscious, but flighty at
times. There is not a scratch upon him
but shortly after the accident the flesh
around his eyes swelled and became black
and some hours later a swelling began
on the tide of his bead. -His condition is
considered serious. .
Physicians Puzzled.
MENLO PARK, Aug. 23.— The ladles of
the Church of the Nativity are, working
hard. to make the fair which opens Sep
tember 3 a success and it promises to be
one of the great social events of the sea
son. Some weeks ago the pastor, Father
Brennan, spoke of the advisability of
holding a fair. His suggestion was at
once acted upon by the members of hit.
congregation and they set to work in
earnest. The following booths have been
organized:
Sodality boQth— President, Miss Nellie Cagey;
secretary. Miss Nellie Tuttle: assistants, Miss
Augusta Tuttle, Miss Agnes Mason, Miss Xelho
Ualoney, Miss Katie McCloskoy, Miss Maggie
Morlarity, ' Miss Maggie I.<-nlhan. Miss Annie
O"L.eary, Miss Jennlo McCloskey, Miss Katie
O'Leary. Miss Fannte Casey, Miss Annie Leni
han. Miss Nellie Morlarity, Miss Bernardette
Clark. Miss Magsie Koach. Miss Rcmt Roach,
Mrs. David Tuttle. Mrs. Mason, Mrs. Josepn
Karrell. ¦
Special fancy booth— President, Mrs. Joseph
A. Doaohoe; secretary, Miss Rosa nroggie; as
sistants, Miss Angelina Minoggi, Mlsa Maggie
Roche. Miss Aimee Burke, Miss Mamie Leni
han. Miss Emilia Broggle, Miss Mary Roche,
Miss Norah Roche, Miss Angiolina Broggle,
Miss Corona Barry.
Native Daughters' booth— President, Mrs.
James T. O'Keefe; vice president. Mrs. M. E.
Selzer; secretary. Miss Macrgle Maloney; as
sistants, , Mrs. C. GUcrest, Mrs. F. McAroy,
Miss May Garen. Miss Annio Moriarlty, Miss
Felice Dubs, Miss Emma Dubs, Miss Nonie
Maloney.
Fair Oaks booth— President. Mrs. P. W. Sel
by; ~ secretary, Mrs. E. L. Eyro; assistants,
Mrs. Perry Eyre," Mrs. Percy Moore, Miss Car
mellta Selby. Miss Olga Atherton. Miss Jennlo
Carolan, Miss Louise Johnson, Mlas Jennie
Johnson, Miss Katie Carolan. .- .
Palo Alto booth— President, Mrs. Charles La
throp; vice president, Mrs. McDougald; secre
tary, Mrs. Callaghan McCarthy; assistants-
Mrs. Day, Mrs. : Benoit, Mrs. Carey. Mrs Bro
phy, Mrs. Harrer, Mrs. Jory. Mrs. Tierney,
Mrs. Allison. Mrs. W. Hughes, Miss Solen. Miss
Louis McDougald, Miss Alice Day, Miss Martha
Kane, Miss Eva Benolt, Miss Hose Gillan.
Japanese booth— President. Miss Louise G.
Daly; secretary; Mlsa Marie Doyle; assistants —
Mrs. E. J. Crane, Miss May Daly. Miss Aimee
McAvoy. Miss Edith McBain. Miss May Mc-
Cullough, Miss May McAvoy, Mlsa Maggie
Wooster, Miss Lennfe Blanchard, Miss Martha
Davis, Miss Claire Barry. '• • .
Refreshment booth— President, Mrs. James R.
Doyle; vice president, Mrs. M. F. Duff; secre
tary, Miss Annie Doyle; assistants— Mrs. Wil
liam Doyle, Mrs. Charles Brady. Mrs. Hand,
Mrs. Warde. Miss Mamie Maloney, Miss Pearl
Partee, Miss Grace Partee, Miss Annie Pomber,
Miss Carrie Buelna, Mies Maggie Gaynor. Miss
Maggie Pomber, Miss C. Bennett. ,' -
, Besides these there will be a Convent of the
Sacred rlleart booth. -with a beautiful selection
of special fancy work, superintended by friends
of the . convent, • under the direction of Mrs.
Thomas Fitzgerald. ¦--.
.. Soda fountain, presided over by Mrs. Herring
ton and Mrs. J.B. Kelly.
An ice cream booth, etc' I ¦ . --
* Candy - stand, in charge of the Children of
¦¦ Shooting gallery, attended to by the mem
bers of the You ng Men' • Institute.
Other novel features will be added before the
fair -opens.
Ladies of the Parish Under the Di
rection of Father Brennan
"Working Hard to Make
It a- Success.
FAIR IN AID OF
CHURCH OF NATIVITY
Van Meter Out of Banger.
Special Dispatch to The Call
FRESNO, Aug. 23.— Dr. Long, who has
been attending Attorney E. S. Van Meter,
stated this afternoon that the patient had
passed the critical stage and that he
would 'recover from the wound inflicted
by Cliff Corlew Monday. Van Meter's
wound was dressed to-day and showed
signs of healing rapidly. There was not
the slightest indication of blood poison
ing, which the pnysicians have feared
more than anything else. If no change
for the worst takes place before Monday
C«.rlcw will bfc" araigned in the Justice
Court on a charge of assault with inLcnt
to comiiit murder.
Will Wed in New York.
Special Di«i»atch to The Call
WOODLAND, Aug. 23.— Douglas Bal
four left for New York this morning,
where he expects to meet Miss Ada Bon
thron, who is now on the Atlantic on her
way from England to America, Mr. Bal
four and Miss Bonthron are engaged and
the wedding will be solemnized in New
York on the 4th of September. Several
years ago, while Mr. Balfour was on a
visit to his boyhood's home in Scotland,
he met Miss Bonthron and a strong at
tachment sprang up between them. Since
his return to this country the two have
corresponded regularly and in due course
cf time they became engaged. . .
Republican Primaries.
Special Dispatch to The Call
MODESTO. Aug. 23.— The Republican
primaries were held in this county to
day. The delegates to the Seventh Dis
trict Congressional Convention to be held
at Coronado August 27 are Charles T.
Klliott, L. L. Demmett, V. A. Cressey,
W. W. Draper and W..H. Sisson, all of
whom will support Congressman J. C.
Needharh for renomination. The dele
gates to the State convention to be held
at Santa Cruz are B. F. McCullough, A.
E. H. Meyer, R. L. Carter and a R. Till
son. The returns from one district have
not yet been received.
When Arrested at Fresno Admit
They Threw the Switch Just
to See What Would
Happen.
TRAIN WRECKED
BY TWO BOYS
FRESNO, Aug. 23.— John Bost, a colored
youth, and a white companion aged 17,
named Scott Wright, are under arrest
here by Detective Meade of the Southern
Pacific for having thrown the switch at
the Southern Pacific depot on Saturday
night, causing an engine to crash into a
freight car loaded with steel rails. The
engine was badly damaged.'
The switch was opened with a monkey
wrench. ',. The act was a boyish freak.
The switch lock at Bartons was similarly
broken. Train wrecking Is punishable
under the new law with death. The
youths have no conception of the enor
mity of their crime. Bost said ¦ that he
and Wright had unlocked the switches to
"see what would happen."
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Pensions Issued, Postmasters Com-
missioned and Postal
Changes.
Special Dispatch to The Call. ;
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 23.—Post
offlces discontinued— Oregon^-Biggs, Sher
man County, mail to Grant.
Washington— Vineland, Kltsap . County,
mall to.Bangor. ,-.„„, a .
Postmaster appointed — California — S. A.
McCoy. Cohasset, Butte County, vice H.
B. Will, resigned. •¦'¦ ¦ ¦' ;
Pensions - issued to-day— California-
Original— William P. H. Reed, Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles, $6; Klmer Homes,
Riverside. $6; Sylvanus Ullom, A venal, $6.
Increase— William 8. Hurlbut, Los An
geles, $10; Arnold S. Harrington, Los An
geles $14: James Gould, Los Gatos, $12.
Original widows— Bessie , Johnson, Wil-
Oregon— Original— Jonathan Pruett, Ver
nonia. $8. Increase— Isaac Hlggins,-Dex
ter, $10. Original widows— Emma J.' Hal
let, McMinnville; $8.-
Washington— Original— Anton Knabner,
Tax-oma, $6; Samuel M. Cole,. Fulda, $8.
'•Additional— Matthew G. Lawrence. Latah,
$12; Henry Hender, Pomeroy, $12. -"
¦•:-'" ' —"" ' ' \
Yolo Fanner Injured.
Special Dispatch .to The Call.
"WOODLAND, Aug. 23.'— At ran early
hour this morning T. F. Laugenour, one
of the wealthiest farmers in Tolo County,
lefthis farm to go to Grays Bend. About
noon a man ¦ arrived at ; th«» -Laugenour
farm with the information that he : had
been found in . an .. insensible condition."
Physicians have gone to the scene. of, the
accident. The nature and extent of the
Injuries cannot be learned at this hour. •
• i- . ¦ i. .-
Strangled to Death.
SEATTLE, . Wash., Aug. 23.— John Bar-
Ing, formerly- a plumper of San : Fran
cIbco, • fell | while intoxicated at - Skaguay
August 18, and in some "way his neck be
came twisted and he. strangled* to death.
He leaves a brother, and : sister at ¦ San
Francisco. - ¦¦ '¦./.:
Special Dispatch to The Call. ¦
TJKIAH, Aug. 23.— A curious story comes
from Hearst, a small mountain hamlet on
Kel River, in this county. Whatever the
facts may be, it is certain that the prin
cipal man concerned in the Incident lies
'buried beside the highway with' a gaping
wound in his throat. The circumstances
are as follows:
A few weeks ago a man named Thomp
son arrived in the vicinity of Hearst from
Colusa County. Last Sunday Thompson
was at Hearst. There ia a saloon at
Hearst, and on Sunday three- or four men
were there 'drinking and. having a tlmo.
Thompson was with the party for a time,
and it is said that he told one of them
that he was tired of life and asked what
he ought to do. The man told him If he
was tired of life he. had better kill him
self.
Soon after this conversation Thompson
got into a skiff and started -down Eel
River. The story told by the men present
is that Thompson j had proceeded down
stream but a short distance when tho
boat struck a rock. ; Thompson then
Jumped ashore and at once cut his throat.
Some time afterward he was found dead.
The boon companions took his body
back to the saloon, dug a grave near by
and without other ceremony' than what
would be suggested in the minds of a lot
of drunken roisterers buried It then and
there. No report of the death was made
to the Coroner. -That public official ¦ had
heard nothing of it until The Call corre
spondent informed him this morning. The
man Thompson may have killed himself;
probably he did; but the case evidently
demands Investigation.-
NEW EVIDENCE FOUND.
Two Persons " Claim to Have Seen
Ardell Shopt Donnelly in Fresno.
Special Dispatch to The Call. '
•:'; FRESNO, Aug. 23.— The prosecution has
discovered what will prove startling evi
dence In the case of Charles Ardell, who
Is now on his way back from Nebraska
to stand trial here for the murder of Dan
Donnelly ," on. the morning of June 27," 1S99.
The District Attorney has takeVi the depo
sitions of :,two new eye-witnesses, > who
will , swear . that they saw Ardell shoot
Donnelly several 'blocks from -the place
where he was supposed to 'have received
the fatal wounds., -The witnesses are Dan
Murphy, a saloon man, ..and, a' woman
known as ; Lena Wlnn..; . ' •; • .
A barrender named; Jac^. Brooks was
convicted v a -year 'ago of the Donnelly
murder on. circumstantial evidence and la
now, under life sentence for the crime. ; -'
The newly: discovered, evidence, how
ever, ; thro ws a different' light • on the kill
ing and ' Brooks ¦ may be exonerated.-. It
is a peculiar if act that the new testimony
accords with 'the dying statement mad?
bv Donnelly, which was .- discarded at
the trial of Brooks. .
FRIENDS BURIED HIM
BY THE ROADSIDE
Remarkable Disposition of the Body
of a Man Alleged to Have
Committed Suicide at
Hearst. •
ALIFORNIA Is about to lose a
(( great officer and gain what is
V^ planned to be a great Institution.
Dr. A. M. Gardner, medical super
intendent of the Napa Asylum for the
Insane, and one of the famous physicians
of the State, intends to resign his posi
tion and establish a private sanitarium in
the famous mansion which William C.
Ralston built at Belmont. Dr. Gardner
purchased the property three days ago
and as soon as his plans to establish a
thoroughly equipped sanitarium are ma
tured he will resign. It is his purpose to
make the institution one of the greatest
if not the greatest in the United States.
Dr. A. M. Gardner has won for himself
a superb position in his profession. His
exceptional ability in the field in which
he has labored so long as a public officer
is universally conceded and his .purpose to
carry his plans and ideas into a private
enterprise is an assurance of success. As
a specialist in mental disease Dr. Gardner
has few equals in America.
The property which he has purchased
for his sanitarium was bought by William
C. Ralston for $1,500,000. The house Is,
IULLSTO1TS BELMONT- MANSION WHICH DR, GARDNER WELL TRAaTCFORM: INTO A SANI
TARIUM.
Holes Cut in Tents and the Drug
Introduced Through Long
Rubber Tubes.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash.. Aug. C3.—
Reports from Cape Nome by the steam
ship Tacoma indicate that much lawless
r.ess prevails there and from eight to a
<i<">zen robberies occur nightly and people
are not safe fsom attacks of thugs after
r.ight fall. Th»- lawless element predomi
rates and those whom they fear to rob
on the streets are drugged in tents by
means of a lnng rubber tube through
which chloroform is forced, after the
tube has been inserted through a
cu. In the canvas. The occupants of
as many as twelve tents have been
robbed in this manner In one
right and In one Instance it was with
difficulty that a victim was restored to
consciousness. The nights at Nome are
rapidly lengthening and now darkness
prevail* as eafly as 5 o'clock and the law
chiding people are afraid to appear on the
F'.reets after that hour. The criminal
rlass which rushed to Nome with the ex
pectation of reaping a harvest in sure
thing games have been disappointed and
are broke. As the winter season ap
proaches they are resorting to desperate
means to make enough to get out.
The smallpox epidemic has about ceased
and when the Tacoma sailed r.nly three or
four cases existed and no new cases were
reported for more than a month.
The steamer Dirigo arrived from Skag
uay at 7:30 p. m., bringing 100 passengers
and one ton of gold from Dawson. ¦
TO PROTECT GAME.
Association * Organized and Officers
Elected at Sisson.
Frxvial Pispatch to The Call.
SISSONS. Aug. 23.— Persons Interested
in the preservation of the fish and game
have organized here an association named
the Siskiyou Fish and Game Protective
Association and have elected the follow
ing named gentlemen as officers for the
ensuing year: \V. H. Shebley, president;
W. A. Sharpe. secretary; W. W. Foster,
attorney; directors— W. W. Van Arsdale,
O. J. Vannoy, J. W. Rinkle, H. \V. Smith,
J. M. Schulter, C. C. Smith. H. H. Pat
terson.
Their purpose is to prosecute offenders
against the game laws, stock the moun
tain lakes with fish, and to do such other
things as may help the sporting fratern
ity. The membership Is composed of the
bfst class of citizens in the community,
and they intend to see that ii.e law is
obeyed by every one. The first thing they
«2i<5 was to offer a reward of $25 for the
arrest of any person violating the law.
Persons shooting game out of stason havo
become so common that this step had to
be taken to preserve the game here, as
this is one of the best hunting and fishing
grounds in the State and it is intendeu
r»y this organization to see that it is kept
£0. The slaughter that has been go.ng on
will now be stopped.
RATIFICATION AT MILL VALLEY
Handsome Purse Raised for the Fam
ily of Engineer Thomas.
Fr*cia.l Di.Rcatrh to The Call.
MILL VALLEY. Aug. 23— An enthusi
astic ratification meeting was held here
this evening by the members of the Citi
zens' and Taxpayers' party. The nomi
nees wore iwiOTf-d, as was also the move
for incorporation. Bonfires burned in
j-.raminent places, rurp were fired and a
land discoursed patriotic airs.
6peoch<-s were made by 1). H. Bibb and
many others. Resolutions of sympathy
with the family of Ernest Thomas, the
engineer, who loM his life in the wreck
on Mount Tamalpais, were adopted. A
Fuggestinn was made that sympathy
miffht be shown in a more substantial
manner. A subscription list was started
and in a few minutes the sum of $1013
was subscribed.
Murdered by Robbers.
SEATTLE. Wash., Aug. 23.— Charles
JJauncer, a merchant and miJlman of
MiiHov.n. Skagit County, was murdered
l)y robbers Wednesday night about 200
yards from his store. His body with his
j«ockets rifled, wan found yesterday after
noon about 3 o'clock. The skull was
broken and bloody. A cudgel found near
1 y was evidently the murderous weapon.
'Jt-e Deputy United States Marshal ia
¦working on the ens* and be!i«-ves it to be
th«: work of b. band of tough characters
from the Fraser River canneries.
Files Many Oil Land Claims.
SAN DIEGO. Aug. 23.— \V. W. Hitchcock
to-day filed a notice of seventy-eight
claims of eighty acres each on mineral
land in the Carisso Creek country, on the
desert side of the mountains. He eaj-s
that he represents Bakeryfield parties who
ore ready to put machinery, on to the
claims and bore for oil. He says that he
has boen in all the fields of the State and
that the indications at Carisso Creek are
letter than any he has seen. The filings
cover nearly 7000 acres of land. /
Woodland's Sard Luck.
Pp«cla! Dispetcb to The Call.
WOODLAND, Aug. 23.— City Attorney
Anderson has given the City Trustees a
written opinion . that debts secured by
pledges, mortgages or other security, such
bs warehouse receipts, are not assessable.
The city will lose the taxes on property
valued at more than $100,000. f
CHLOROFORM USED
BY THUGS AT NOME
Angus McDonald, a Kiner, Shot in
the Shoulder by a Passenger
He Had Attacked.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash.. Aug. 23 —
The steamer Taooma has arrived with
JC.'W.ChW in gold <iust and 650 passengers
from Nome. Most of the gold came down
the Yukon from I>awson to St. Michael.
While on the way down a shooting
scrape occurred on board the Tacoma
on August 15, which came near ending the
life of Angus McDonald of Damon. Mc-
Donald while intoxicated threatened to
carve several of the passengers. William
Keenan cf New York wa*« made an object
of McDonald's wrath, and when he made
a lunge at him with a big knife Keenan
drew his revolver and fired, the hall strik
ing McDonald in the shouiderblade. mak
ing a painful wound. The United States
Marshal at Seattle was notified to meet
the boat on its arrival and to arrest Kev
nan.
Among the returning passengers on the
Tacoma was Regr.oo Dahl. who is cred
ited with having a small fortune aboard.
I>ahl v>>-nt north in charge of I>r. Jack
ton's Laplanders to take charge of the
reindeer sort by the Government to re
lieve the reported distress of miners along
the Yukon orer two years ago.
The stcar*ish!p Santa Ana arrived at 2
o'clock from Nome with a large number
of passer.jrers and is in the stream under
going quarantine inspection.
TACOMA BRINGS DOWN A
HALF MILLION IN DUST
SAN ANDREAS. Aug. 23.— Henry
Fousier of San Francisco committed
puioide at Sheep Ranch near here to
day. Lr.st week he came up with
David Gutmann, manager of the
Sheep Ranch mines, from San Franclscp.
intending to remain there arid act as
watchman. At about 5 o'clock Mr. Gut
mar.n approached him in the Anderson
Hotel and gave him final insiructions re
garding h!s duties as watchman, at tht
same time handing him a revolver and
liLT.tern. Noticing Mr. Feusier was look
ing nwlanoholy he said. "Take a walk
tiown to the company store and se<? th*
boys before you go on duty." Feusiei
turned, went "out of the front door an<I
(iovni the stop* to the street. There h<
stopped short, drew the revolver from hi:
back pocket and fired a bullet into hi.
hoiid, killing himsftlf instantly.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Deputy Coroner P. 15. Kian was noti
fied and left San Andreas to-night for the
sc«»ne. Feusier was on the San Francisco
police force for many years. He was a
married man and leaves a widow and
children in San Francisco.
Henry Feusier was a native of Ohio,
and up to a week ago a resident of this
city. He is a nephew of Louis Feusier of
tjie firm of Martin. Teusier & Co.,-«ora
misFion merchants, 309 Clay street. He
was appointed a member of the police
force some years ago. retiring in 1S90.
after nearly fourteen years' service. He
kept a grocery store on Polk streeet after
.caving the force; but gave that up a short
:ime ago and went to reside with his uncle
:t 1027 Green street.
Becoming tired of doinc nothing he was
ont to the Sheep Hanch gold mines to act
s watchman, and had been there but a
veek when he took his life. His relatives
an give no reason for his rash act.
ROW OVER SALE OF
HOLDOVER RAISINS
Packers Complain That They Were
Not Given an Opportunity to
Purchase Them.
9--«.r'!>l IMcrat.-h to The Call.
FRESNO. Aug. 23.— x.. ere is a big row
in raisin-packing circles to-night over the
sale of 1 he hold-over raisins as reported
yesterday to three packing firms— Griffin
& Skelley Company. The Fresno Homo
Packing Company and the Co-operatives.
Svjme of the other packing firms are
claiming now that they should have been
given a chance to purchase these raisins,
or «t loast a portion of them, and they
criticize the o. rectors for entering into
•vhat they term a "private bargain."
Just what the complaint of these pack
ers will result in. It is impossible to say
ns yet. but the matter will In all prob-'
ability be brought up belore a meeting of
the Packers' Association for considera
tion. The packers who were not parties
to the transaction were active to-day and
conferences between them were frequent..
One of the directors in speaking of the
matter after being questioned in regard
to the complaint of some of the packers
said the- board contemplated no reconsid
eration of its action, that all the pack
er? knew the association had these raisins
on its hands and was anxious to sell them.
The board, of course, did not advertlsefor
bids nor call the packers together to ask
them for an offer as that was considered
unnecessary, inasmuch as all knew that
the raisins were for sale. The raisins
were hold-over goods, belonged to the as
sociation, and the association had a per
fect right to do with them as it pleased,
he said.
Rivals for the Heart and Hand of a
BLOODLESS DUEL
OVER A YOUNG WOMAN
Nebraska Girl Exchange Shots
at Her Bidding.
Special IMspatch to The Call.
OMAHA, Aug. 23.— As a result of a duel
with revolvers at 3:30 Wednesday morn
ing, James Watson is in Jail and the po
lice are looking for a man by the name of
George Ross. '
The two quarreled in the apartments of.
Emma Thomas, who has won her way to
their hearts, and Ross slapped his rival
Beveral times. Watson went home and
procured a revolver and the two men met
in front of the Thomas woman's home
Both drew guns and exchanged five shots
without either being hit. The shots at
tracted the attention of officers and Ross
made good his escape, while Watson was <
conveyed to police headquarters, where he i
was booked on a charge of shooting with
intent to kill. ,
The duel was fought deliberately at ten 1
paces and the girl witnessed it. From an
upper window Emma looked forth, smiled,
and to both remarked: "Don't shoot so
that you will both be killed, for if you do
1 will have to wed another."
Kired with these words the- two young
men, who had been standing back to back, |
marched away to their respective sta
tions, whila, Emma, counted "One, two,
three."
As the word "three" rang out in the
cool morning afr both men wheeled and
fired. Both bullets missed their marks.
There were four more shots fired by each
parry, but they did no damage.
FKEAK CALF.
It Is Born "With. Two Mouths, Thxee
Ears and Two Tails.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Aug. 23.— A calf was recent
ly born on the premises of George Ebe,
a farmer living near San Jose, that was
a remarkable freak. The calf had two
mouths, one below the other, three ears,
two on one side of the head and one on
the other, and two tails. It seemed to
have no backbone. It was necessary to
feed it with a spoon, and in this way it
¦was kept alive for some time, but finally
Mr. Ebe killed the animal.
His Position at the
Napa AsDlum and
Open a Sanitarium.
Dr. Gardner to Resign
We?1=Known San Francisco Man Puts a Bullet
Through His Head at Sheep Ranch
flnne. - ¦
MYSTERIOUS SUICIDE
OF HENRY FEUSIER
R ALSTON'S BELMONT PALACE
WILL BECOME A MADHOUSE
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL,, FRIDAY, AUGUST 24, 1900.
She was gone but a few minutes when
the husband hea^d her screaming for help.
He rushed to the bedroom and opened the
door, but ' was almost suffocated by the
outward rush of smoke and flames. He
called to his wife, but received no an
swer. He at once devoted his attention
to extinguishing the flames, but owing to
his advanced age and the meager facilities
for fighting fire was able to do nothing.
In less, than an hour the home was but a
pile of smoking embers and this morning
4
p| LUCKc IS belling Uuu L
s Lucfie s s n o e s I
M Think of this remarkable record for only K
1 twenty days!!! |
fi The wonderful success of Lucke's sale is due B
| to the extremely low prices and the fine quality of ' |
1 the goods. . g
I Notwithstanding the enormous sales the stock |
I is quite complete — complete enough to insure get- |
1 ting about what you want p
Buy now — be guided by the judgment of six- f
! teen thousand people. r
I Ladies' flen's Ij
I Ladies' kid Oxfords, cloth tops. Men's Congress gaiters, largo 11
¦ patent leather tips, hand-turned variety, principally fine makes, [j
* soles; an extreme valucat such as Banister's. Clapp's, tj
I *, __ Stacey- Adams': shoe3 sold for I
* «pl.55 ' from $5.00 to $7.00; price now f]
; cut right in half — ||
i The Oxford is a very suitable f i
shoe for this season of the year — . $2.50 tO $3.50 \\
I it's economy at this price. m
Here is a chance for those pre- U
1 ferring comfort rather than style. II
t Tan Oxfords, small sizes and tj
*> narrow widths only, nothing -.» . • . 1 . ' i £l
I larger than 4 A; some sold as Men s imported patent tether |
> high as $5.00 a pair, selling out shoe , s ' neat « re . ss y to «« Wll j sm j |
a „-.;-- nearly everybody, price reduced M
H If your foot is small you can t 1 .. -• »tvi,'V». *-t- R
J now save three or four dollars. ?t/* u° te that tl J C ma £" al in l\
I these shoes comes from Europe, n
I where the best of patent leather is H
|f made. H
J Ladies' patent leather Oxfords, JSJ
1 ia cloth tops, hand-turned soles, all r> J a
¦i sizes: sold formerly at $4.00, now DOVS P
?. :ut to E3
'i $2 65 selling great quantities of g,j
¦ »p u»7 boys' school shoes, *A
\ These are fine, stvlish Oxfords. sizes 10 to 2 $1.05 Eg
* such as anybody would want who # sizes 2Y2 to f> x A $1.1.* H
desired the season's latest. Th5s is absolutely the, best §}
k ¦'/';'¦ i"\' value ever sold in this city in >|
i Ladies' high canvas top bike h
1 boots in black and tan — his:h- Children's and misses' shoes of H
2 grade boots at a very low price — the highest jrrade — Lair 1. H
- Schober & Co.'s makes principal- g
i $2. 1 0 ly. in kid.- patent leather and B
s bronze, all at ereatlv reduced tj
f- You generally pay from $3.50 to prices. Get a fine, dressv shoe ||
5 $5.00 for bike boots, but now at the price you usually pay for an II
"t $2.10 is all you need pay. ordinary one. H
! .It will be to your advantage in time and con- |
ivenience to come in the morning, when the store |{
is not so crowded. ["{
All the above shoes are carefully fitted by |j
experienced shoe salesmen. Sjjj
|| 832 iVi 3. r R g t S t» Ij*DESPERATE BURGLAR FATALLY
SHOOTS A SPECIAL POLICEMAN
Mrs. John Martin Sues for -Her Son.
Mrs. Isabella J. Martin, commonly, call
ed Mrs. John Martin, applied yesterday to
the Supreme Court for a writ of habeas
corpus for the release of her 9-year-old
son, John B. Martin.- In her application
she asserts that the lad is restrained of
his liberty by the superintendent of the
hospital or Poor Farm of Trinity County.
Mrs. Martin's reason for applying to the
higher court Is that Judge Jones of Trin
ity is out of his county.
Board of Public "Works Recommends
Improvements on Streets in
Downtown Districts.
The Board of Public "Works recommend
ed to the Board of Supervisors yesterday
that the cobbles be removed from the
roadway of Main street, between Mission
and Howard, and the roadway graded
and repaved with basalt blocks. The esti
mated cost 01 the work is under $7000.
faimllar work Is also recommended on the
blocks on I<ourth street, from Howard to
Harrinon. at an expense of $8000
The Merchants* Association advised the
k?^ T Ki y< T er< L ay A hat the following cob
bled blockB should be the first to be ro
gaved this year: Pine street, between
Sansome and Front: Front street, be
tween Washington and Jackson: Clay
street, between Montgomery and San
some. >>ext in order the association rec
ommends repavlng of the cobbled blocks
on Clay street, between Sansome and I>a
vis; Sacramento -street, between Mont
gomery and Davis; Washington street
between Montgomery and Battery* Sut
ter street, between Grant avenue and
Stockton; Grant avenue, between O'Far
rell and Sutter streets: blocks on Spear
Main. Beale, Fourth and Sixth streets
COBBLED BLOCKS ARE
LISTED FOR REPAIRING
The recent actions of the Police Com
missioners In dealing with the Ealoonmen
ha\ r e aroused the wholesale and retail
dealers as they have never been aroused '
before. They feel that they have been j
unfairly dealt with, and they think if
they had been properly organized they
would have been in a far l>et:cr position
to deal with current conditions, ana there
by avoid the loss of a laage amount of ;
business.
As a result of these ideas they have
taken steps to organize a strong body
< I wholesalers and retailers in order that
they maj- be in a better position to deal
with *uch a case as that of "Pop" Sulli
van ar.d his Hoffman Cafe, the temporary
fcuppresslon of which shocked them great
iy A goodly number of the trade assem
bled at B'nai B'rith Hail yesterday after
noon to arrange for organization. The
meeting was ciiiled by E. 1* Wagner and
William Clack, chairman and secretary
I>ro tern, respectively. '•> ' ">;T •'¦
After discussing the situation thorough
jv a committee of ten of the representa
tive members? of the retail branch was
appointed to arrange for consolidation
with the wholesalers. This will be ac
complished at an early date.
While the iiQuor men were conferring,
the Police Commissioners were, to a cer
•-- extent takins a. back tra-ck in the
Sullivan case. Sullivan and his attorney
were called before the board. The saioon
nan was told that the commission did
not desire to work a hardship on him, and
that If he would promise to close his side
entrances ar.d keep them In that condition
hie license would be renewed. As bulll
van had no recourse he gave the suggest-
Pretid'ent Netrhall moved that the li
cense be granted on that promise, and it
•was carried unanimously. The attorney
for Sullivan stated to the board that his
client had conducted the place nine years
and had invested In it nearly $30,000. _He
further said he would ask for a modifi
cation of the order, but that before he did
bo he would request the Commissioners
to visit the Faloon and see the situation
•there, to the end that they might be
fully comrxnent to make a final decision.
He V&g notified to make his application
and it would be considered at the next
meeting.
At I o'clock In the afternoon the cafe
began serving the seductive cocktail and
the patrons of the house were made
happy. The door to the grillroom on Sec
ond street was closed, but at the other
Second street entrance there was a screen
shuttiiif off the barroom, and the ladies
Police Commission Takes a Back
Track and Concludes to Grant
"Pop" Sullivan a License
"With Eestrictions.
Wholesalers and Retailers
to Combine for Better
Protection.
LIQUOR MEN ARE
ORGANIZING FOR
THEIR DEFENSE
G. M. Divin, brother-in-law of the late
Colonel E. II. Llscum, the gallant com
mander of the Ninth Regiment, arrived at
the Palace last nipht. Colonel Llscum was
killed on July 13 before the walls of Tien
tsin while leading his famous command
In an assault upon the fanatical Chinese.
The mission of Mr. Divin is a sad one,
by reason of the fact that he comes to
meet the widow of Coir- T.i=cum and to
escort her to her homr Elmira, New
York. Mrs. Liscum was with her hus
band In Manila when the trouble began
in Peking and when Colonel Liscum was
ordered to the new scene of carnage, she
remained in the Philippine capital, ex
pecting that her husband would not be
long absent. The next she heard of him
was the announcement of his death while
In action.
The widowed la.d>" Is returning on the
transport Thomas and is expected to ar
rive on the 2Sth inst. The steamer left
Nagasaki on the 10th inst. It was ex
pected that the remains would be brought
over on the transport, but at the last
moment Secretary of War Root telegraph
ed Mr. Divin that after ; cabling he had
found that this would be impossible, but
that the body would be brought home at
the earliest possible date. In their trans
portation the remains will be given the
highest possible military honors.
Still Remain in China, to Be
Brought Here Later On.
Remains of the Hero of Tientsin
WIDOW OF COLONEL LISCUM
COMING ON THE THOMAS
¦The Rev. Mr. Scott's identity would
not have been established had he,' not
divulged It In '*his;' -maudlin'* moments.
While investigating the tenderloin * he
wore clothes -' that did not Indicate his
sacred calling. <
Excessive drinking had a depressing ef
fect on the minister. His nerves were
shattered and he was soon on the verge
of delirium tremens. His condition
dawned on him -and he visited the ' Re ;
celvlng Hospital for medical aid. He
was given some bromide | to quiet hi3
nerves and left. The following day the
Rev. Mr. Scott returned and asked the
privilege of remaining until he recovered
his scattered senses. He was Informed
that the Receiving Hospital was only for
temporary relief and he was, directed .to
go to the City and County Hospital.
The sufferer wasted no time, but went
there and was placed In ward K, pre
sided- over by . Dr. Hirschfelder. Dr.
Charles O'Connor, an interne, attended
the minister, and- last night the patient
was so far recovered as . to be able to
leave the hospital. During his stay there,
however, it was necessary to strap him
to Ms bed to prevent his doing injury to
himself. -" In his .'delirium. .the "reverend
gentleman discussed : theological subjects.'
According to the -records* the " minister
entered the hospital on August* 13. : He
give his V'; name as William D. Scott,
birthplace, Canada; occupation, clerk, and
his residence Fourth- and Silver streets. •
The mystery surrounding the Rev. Mr.
Scott's disappearance having been ex
plained, the police of this c:ty and Salt
L-ake City feel relieved. The minister
left the latter city on June 26 to take
temporary charge of the little church in
Ben Lomond, near Santa Cruz. About
August 10 he ieft that town and came to
this city, on route to Salt Lake. While
here he essayed a, study of the tenderloin
with a view to preaching a sermon on its
wickedness when he returned to his home.
His Intentions were good, but the clink
ing of wine glasses and the smiles of the
lair revelers proved too much for the
clergyman and he fell from grace.
The whereabouts of the Rev. "W. Daunt
Scott, the Salt Lake City clergyman, is
no longer a mystery. During the week
last past he has been an inmate of the
City and County Hospital, suffering from
an overindulgence Jn alcoholic beverages.
As soon as his retiring place became
known to his brethren they called at the
hospital and took him away to a placo
more adapted to one in his station of
life. •••¦•,/:
Missing Clergyman Was Suffering
From Overindulgence in Strong
Drink— Now in the Hands
of friends.
Rev. William Daunt Scott of
Salt Lake Found in the
County Hospital.
MINISTER FALLS
FROM GRACE IN
THE TENDERLOIN
were enabled thereby to get to the pri
vate rooms, a fact they were not slow to
take advantage of.
Xichols was treated at the . Harbor
Hospital by Dr. Robinson. One of the
bullets was cut out from where it had
lodged under the flesh on the left side.
The other cannot bo found. The surgeon
says that the wound produced by the bul
let which cannot be located is necessarily
fatal. The officer was growing extremely
weak at a late hour and cannot survive
long. He is about 35 years of age and
resided with his family at 423 Banks
street.
Two Men Implicated.
Several people who were In the neigh
borhood claim to have seen two men run
ning on Clay street. Both started at San
some. but went in cpposlte directions.
This gives rise to the belief that two men
were implicated in the affair, one acting
as a "lookout" for the other. Jackson
describes the man who committed the
crime as about five feet eight inches in
height, wearing a black cerby and suit
and having a heavy dark mustache. He
says he would be able to identify him.
The Injured oftier-r was unable to give any
description of.the.man, and the . two
teamsters say the doorway was so dark
that they did not get an opportunity to
see the shooter's face.
heard the reports a man -rushed out of
the saloon and passed close by him with
a smoking revolver in his hand. As be
ran alone: he made lh*> remark, "Do you
want to get killed, too?" Jackson said the
man turned down Clay street. The col
ored man's story did not completely satis
fy the detectives, and they took him into
custody.-
The two teamsters whom Xichols had
j called to help him rushed awav a^ soon
as the first shot was fired. They went
i into the market and rfmained there for
some time. The policeman watched the
man who had shot him dash into San
! some street and turn the corner of Clay,
running in the direction of the ferries.
I He then staggered to a doorstep and sat
: down. Policemen Duggan and Samuels
j and F. K. Warren, of the Morse Patrol.
i were soon on the seen* 1 , and the injured
! man was taken to the Harbor Hospital.
Detectives R. J. Whitaker, Ed Gibson
I and Harry Reynolds inspected the prem
; ises on which the crimp occurred. The
j "jlmmle" and a handkerchief used by
! the burglar were found on the door. He
! had used the ircn implement in forcing
i an entrance and was in the act of prying
j open a nickel-ln-the-slot machine when
! the special surprised him. The cash rcg
i ister had been rifled, but the owner of
the saloon had taken all the money out
of it before he went home. Several "other
drawers and compartments In the place
i had been searched.
| Charles A. Jackson, a colored man.
j claims to have been standing on the
corner of Sansome and Merchant streets
when the shooting occurred. He makes
tha statement that immediately after he
i bullet wounds were stinging him and he .
j lost his strength. One leaden pellet had
j entered the back and imbedded itself
| under the flesh on the left side. The other I
j entered the abdomen just above the naval j
! and has not yet been located.
Crook Makes Escape.
SCENE OF TRAGEDY IN COMMERCIAL DISTRICT.
Nicho'.s drew his revolver and with one
hand attempted to open the door. He
found that the burglar was barring It
with his foot. The policeman then placed
his shoulder against the door and forced
it in. As he did so the burglar stepped
£si£e and m^t him face to face. The
j.lHee was in total darkness and Xichols.
raising his weapon, gave the command,
•"Hands up." Instantly a flash came from
the burglar's revolver and this was quick-
Jy followed bv another. The policeman
tired a third snot, but it missed Up mark-
He then grappled with the crook, but the
The Star Kxchange, a saloon conducted
by F. Galll at the corner of Merchant and
Sar.sorno «--r.'ets was closed about 7 o'clock
last night. Scarcely had the proprietor
left the place than a burglar commenced
his work. Special Officer Nichols passed
fcicne his beat on Merchant street from
Monieomory an hour later, and when he
reached Sar.some he distinctly heard a
r.oise in the saloon. He at or.ee realized
that the place was being robbed, and pass
in? up tn the rear ot the Washington
6irp<t market called ui>cn some teamsters
at work there to give him assistance In
r&ptaring the invader. Joe Partinico of
tO.9 Mission street and Nicholas Arata of
{04 Qre^-nwieh street went with him to
•«h*. door of the saloon and stood behind
Mm.
Xichois Discovers Burglar.
The shooting occurred shortly after 8
o'clock in the doorway of the saloon. The
fcurgl&r was on the Inside in total dark
riCES, and the command of the officer to
surrender was answered by two reports
Iron a ptstoL Both bullets struck Nichols,
and t nough fatally wounded he fired a
ehot In reuirn ar.d grappled with the crook
until his strength failed him. Two men
vhcra he had called to his assistance de
6'srted him ar.d he was obliged to sit in a
doorway, bleeding and exhausted, until
help came.
For the past two months a number of
burglaries in the commercial section have
bPen reported to the police. The officers
made some arrests, but still complaints
v. ere received. The crooks operated la
saloons and meat markets principally,
and rifled cash registers and telephoue
boxes. All the policemen In the district
ver<? on the alert and the property owners
look evi-ry F*" c <"a'Jtlon against thieves.
GEORGE F. NICHOLS, a spedaJ po
llee-r.an, was shot and fatally
wounded by a burglar whom he
surprised at his work in a saloon
at the corner cf Sansome ajii! Merchant
streets last evening. The crook who com
mitted the crime ran off into the darkness
and made his escape. The incident was
rendered thrilling by the bravery dis
played by the officer ar.d also by the des
perate resistance made by the criminal,
who, when he found himself trapped,
chose murder as a means cf evading
prison bars.
OAKLAND, Aug. 23.— "If the Mill
owners' Association sends us an authori
tative answer refusing to give an eight
hour day and declining to arbitrate the
matter we will show it that neither will
the workmen yield nor the builders be
embarrassed. The Building -Trades Coun
cil will start a planing mill of Its own."
This statement was made to-day by J.
H. Mullen, business agent of the Oakland
.Building Trades Council.
"We have the money and the men,"
continued Mr. Mullen, '.'and the intermed
iate profits of the business will do us as
much good' as "the, so-called mill-owners.
If it becomes necessary to act we will put
up the largest mill in Oakland. I don't
think we would have much competition,
for half of the; present mills are on the
verge of bankruptcy. We would be able
to start with a larger capital than any
of them.
"I hope the public will notice that the
Mill-Owners" Association has at last ad
mitted that It objects not to the eight
hour day, but. to the men having anything
to say as to how or when they shall work.
That is thelrfal. issue with the mill
owners. They want to be despots; they
want to rule or ruin."
The locked-out union f men will hold a
meeting to-morrow evening to consider
the advisaballly of starting a co-operative
mill. • .
The owners and operatives have had
several conferences, but a definite agree
ment Is as far off now as It was when
the men; walked out. Representatives of
each faction are firm In their statements
that they will not weaken and back
down.
CO-OPERATIVE
MILL NOW THE v
, PROPOSED PLAN
and went back to work, and a third man
has promised to report for duty to-day.
The fact that all the mills which refused
to accept the eight-hour schedule are now
running is considered an Indication that
the strikers are losing ground.
The meeting of the Building Trades
Council last evening was largely attend
ed, and it was nearly midnight when ad
journment was taken. It was announced
that another Oaklan-1 mill had come over
to the union's ranks. "Our > action to
night," said President McCarthy, "means ¦
a positive refusal to handle the product
of any nine-hour mill fiom now on. There
has been no actual hoycott u;> to date.
We have simply kept track oC the goods
sent out by 'unfair' mills, but nov,- an at- ;
tempt to construct material from these I
'unfair' shops will result In a;i Immediate
suspension of work by all unljon men em
ployed on the job." j
The following statement was given ou:
by the press committee after the meeting:
A*t"a special meeting of the Building Trades
Council, held on Aucust 19, the suggestion ot
the Builders' Association that the contention
between the mill-owners and the millmen be
suhmittcd to the Merchants' Association for
arbitration van accepted, but since that time
the Mill-owners* Association has refused arbi
tration and contrary to the expressed sentiment
of newspapers, merchants, business men and
the public at large, persists In such course.
The Building Trades Council has done all
that It was possible to do toward an amicable
settlement of the difficulty, and forced by
the unyieldlns attitude of the mill-owners,
is now obliged to take action in accordance,
wlthf the principles involved in the issue. In
taklnz this step it sincerely regrets the effect
which it will have upon the community, and
It steadfastly hoped to avoid any serious com
plications, but after havlnjr resorted to every
other means to reach a settlement of the mat
and It becomes Incumbent upon us to enforce
the eight-hour day, and to that end the Build-
Ing Trades Council, in reRular meeting assem
bled, declares all mills which were notified
six months aco that on August 13 the eight
hour day would be requested and are now
working over eight hours per day to be "un
fair," and hereby refu.'-es to handle, place or
work on any building where said unfair mill
work constitutes a part of the structure.
.Yesterday was a day of gains for the
mill-owners. "W. J. Little, who shut down
his Brannan-street mill on the day the
trouble began, started, up Tuesday with
six men, and yesterday he added two
more to ms force, one of whom is a mem
ber of the union. A second union man
reported to Mr. Little last evening, and
he will be put to work this morning.
At the meeting of the Mill-owners' As
sociation Wednesday evening a commit-,
tee was appointed to meet with the
Builders' Exchange to-morrow afternoon
at 1 o'clock, when the strike' situation is
to be discussed. This will be a special
meeting and will he held at the request
of a number of mill-owners, members of
the Exchange, who are anxious for an
expression of opinion from the organiza
tion. The membership of the Exchange,
between 300 and 400, is made up of all the
dealers who supply building material.
It is stated that the mill-owners have
been assured of the support of many big
corporations throughout the State, which
feel that Jf the employes here be success
ful in their demand for an eight-hour
workday it will only be a question of
time before the employers in other
branches of manufacturing will be called
upon to make similar concessions. It Is
stated that the Union Iron Works Is slat
ed for a change of working hours if the
planing-mill operators prove successful.
The Excelsior Redwood Company, on
Fourth street, which has one of the larg
est plants in the city, is running with a
full quota of help. This mill was running
slack at first, but yesterday Manager
Moore h?.d more applications than he
could handle, and he sent quite a few men
to other mills In the city.
C. \V. Burgess put on two men yester
day, which he says will be sufficient for
several weeks to come. He has been run
ning a machine himself ever since the :
trouble began.
Some of the millmen are wrought up ;
over President McCarthy's statement that
there would be no general strike ordered.
In speaking of the matter yesterday one
of the millmen said: "We did not want
to begin this movement, but were led into
it by the building trades and expected
their support. Two weeks have elapsed
and P. H. McCarthy announces that
there will be no general strike. If. this
bo true the wisest course to pursue Is to
return to work at once."
Mill-Owners Report More Men at
Work Now That at Any Time
Since the Strike Be-
THE Building Trades . •
Council, representing \
twenty^eight trade or
ganizations, last night, order-' '
ed a general boycott of all
goods turned out by nine-hour
planing' mills. The action is
the result of the mill-owners' ¦
peremptory declaration at
Wednesday night's meeting
that under no circumstances
would they consent to arbitra
tion or accede to the demands
of the- employes for an eight
hour workday. Resolutions
declaring the nine-hour mills
unfair and ordering the trade
unions to refuse to "handle,
place or work on any building
where unfair millwork con
stitutes a part of the struct
ure" were adopted last even
ing.
REPORTS from the mill-owners last
evening indlca-ed more men , at
work than at any other time since
the strike. Meu from out of town
are rapidly nillng the "places of the strik
ers Two union men deserted yesterday
Building Trades Council
Determines on Stern
Measures.
BOYCOTT PLACED
ON MILLS THAT
RUN NINE HOURS
THE SA^ FKANOISGO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 24, 1900.
Crook, Surprised. While at Work in a Saloon,
Fires Two Shots at George F, Nichols to Pre
vent the Officer From Arresting- :Him.
GEORGE F. N'ICHOlvS.
5
AMUSEMENTS.
THE WORLD'S' GREATEST ARTISTS IN
FLAWLESS VAUDEVILLE.
NEWSKY TROUPE,
LEW HAWKINS, CAROLINE HULL.
ARNIM and WAGNER,
FOUR JITGGLINO JOHNSONS. MRS. BES-
SIE BUTZ-PAXTON, MACARTS GREAT
ANIMAL SHOW. SAM MOKR1S AND CO-
AMERICAN BIOORAPH.
Reserved seats, !5c: balcony, 10c; opera chairs
and box seats. SCc.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
4 MORE TIMES.
TO-NIGHT. To-morrow Afternoon. To-morrow
Night and Sunday Night.
LEE,
In His Wonderful HYPNOTIC PERFORM-
ANCES.
Change of Bill at Every Performance.
I' "I The California
SPECIAL! I Theater will re-
I main closed lor 2
weeks, during "which time extensive stage Im-
provements will be made. The orchestra seats
will 'be overhauled and the beautiful playhouse
will be made even more comfortable than ever.
Opening Saturday Nlcht. September 8th. with
THE AZZALI GRAND ITALIAN OPERA
COMPANY. Direct from Milan, ltaly^ .__
Curtain Rises at 8 p. m. Sharp.
TO-NIGHT AND SATURDAY EVENING.
TANNHAUSER.
Avedario. Salassa. Schuster. L!chter. Stewart.
MATINEE TO-MORROW and SUNDAY
NIGHT,
"MIGNON."
PoIItlnl, Repetto, Graham.. Russo and Nicollni.
Next Week: "TANNHAUSER." Tuesday.
Thursday. Sunday Nlphts. Saturday Matinee.
•'TIIE'maSKED BALL." Monday, Wednes-
day. Friday. Saturday Evenings.
Seats on Sale Seven Days Ahead.
POPULAR PRICES— 25 AND 50 CENT3.
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESET.
tPECTACULAR £! A BjTj i\
IKODUCTIOS )^JCX.JL JLJL\J
Seats Now Ready FOR NEXT WEEK.
FLORENCE ROBERTS.
"FROU FROU."
FISCHER'S co X£.fSi < .'J£.. USE -
Eudora Forde. Contralto; the Berlin Sisters,
Vocalists; the Waterman Sisters. Coon Song
Slncers -and Dancers: M^arttn and R'dgway.
Pantorolmlsts: Irene Franklin. Cometlst.
Reserved Ssats. Kc; Matinee. Sundae.
*!-
.a'e
Vo
n San
AXCKS
/Ply gold
able frorn
t»n reats.
Full set of
or no pay.
1. Silver fill-
DUATE DEN'-
experience, anil
a specialist. Give
us to do exactly
#11 you in advance
.11 ccst by a FREE
I fork Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
AIN* OFFICE PORTLAND. OK.
_; _..- SEATTLE. WASH.
-flffT^ijjA^ I will guarantee
Jgjj^tjji^tiw^w thot raj Kidney Cure
. j^ .J^Sa many Instances the
rS SSS^^iiJ > : >^" ino^t ccrlous forms of
I " S> ' T^y Brlgbt's disease. If
\ /*td* :H tne disease 1b com-
\j_ '>— Sv plicated Bend a fonr-
yfxtL T^iri. oouce vial of nrlne.
cy7 *nd advise you Ireo
»'.! I a!' what to do.
i ¦ , r muxto.v.
At an dragglato. 29e. ¦ »1M. Oalde to Ilfaltb
•nd mf^llcnl nilrlrp fre^ 15P5 *"*'^yj*!*'^* ;j_
DR.MbYERS&CO.
(5^^^^^^^. Di<easss and
&0 t ' Aiin. Estib-
'5§5rl£> Largest Sns-i- |
»<Si S^M^)i t ' re * Consul- R
731 MarKet St.. San Francisco. B
LADD'S GUN :STORE L
***^ 421 Kearny street, S. F,, for
®»^ Fishing Tackle and Sporting
*^ ,'"-¦ '• . Goods. ¦ Tlie larzest stock on
the^Padflc Coast of every description. Send i
cents In postage stamps for ; the latest tO-jMf
1 ii,...-»t t ..i .ratslnsrue. No. 4. . .. -
THE EMPOBIUM.
THE EMPORITJKL
THE ETVTPOBIUM.
AMUSEMENTS.
ALL THIS WEEK AKO NEXT "WEEK.
Matinees Wednesday and Saturday.
... CHARLES FROHMAN Presents
HENRY MILLER
AND A SPECIAL COMPANY.
In the Romantic Play.
The ONLY WAY
Adapted by Freeman Wills From Charles
Dickens' Xovel. "A TALE OP
TWO CITTES.' 1
Seats for next week now ready.
SUNDAY NIOnT.
LAST BURTON' HOLMES LECTURE.
Subject. "HAWAIIAN ISLANDS."
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA. MOUSE
MATINEE TO-MORROW
N EW ft HA WW fc£ B PANY
LAST THREE NIGHTS
"SAF*HO"
MONDAY.
•the: silver tcirsG."
WILTON LACKAXE as The Silver Kins.
PRICES 10c. 15c. '2T*c. 50c
A few front rows In orchestra 73c
Branch Ticket Offlce^ — Emporium.
ALTA THEATER.
10S GROVE STREET PHONE SOUTH 32«.
•FRISCO'S FAJIILT THEATER.
* SATURDAY-MATINEES— SUNDAY.
ALL THIS WEEK.
"UNCLE TOM'S CABIN." j
Prices 10c. 29c. 30o
Next— "EAST LTNXE."
CHUTES AND_Z00.^7 E A Sr
CANNON, THE FAT MAN.
LA LISTA, Mirror Dancer.
SEABURY, High Diver,
—
TO-MORROW NK!HT-"SAPHO" AND MON-
STER CAKEWALK.
Teleohone for S^ats — Park 23.
SUTRO B<^-rHS.
OPEN NIGITTS.
Or»n Daily From 7 a. tn. to U p. m.
Bathing: Fn-m 7 a. n. to in p. m.
ADMISSION, 19;. CHILDREN. Jc.
Cathinc. including admission, ijr: children. *V.
[PALACE HOTEL
It Is unlTersally aeknnw!»dueel that these
hotels possess tha attributes that appeal
to particular people— undoubted luxury and
comfort, unsurpassed ctiU'.ne and servlca
an<l superior appointments and location.
Connected by a covered passasaway and
operated under one management ca tin
American and European plans.
GRAND HOTEL
Uhl L IlUl ttL gsr-usSati-ca
j Valises checked fr«*.
Rupert Schmid's Beautiful 'Marble Statue/' 'California Venus/ Now on Free Exhibition. %
Silk Remnants One-Quarter Off To-Day, |
; * A choice lot— lengths from 1 to 6 yarcU — striped, plaid and p'ain colored Taffetas, fancy Arraures, ji
! Peau de Soie, Printed Indias, and Foulards, plain and striped Black Gros-Grain, and Black Grenadines. £
[• Friday only, from the already reduced prices, we will take QnC-t]U3rtCr off. "j
•jl" ; ¦ ; : ¦ ' ; x
I Fashion Catalogue fflm^W |lPi»I^Sfll 11111 Grocery and 5
[ almost ready— mailed »§ Ijjlp** aru& QyH Liquor Catalogue *
\ free to any out-of-town P* ©oStffdSH^&MS^; T5&*fc2E^a.Sftjr» *¦*» ready Monday, 27th inst. %
i address. : California's laroest-america-s grandest store. Ask or send for one. g
•" : J~zr\ $2 Shoes— Standard t2lc Percales Safety ink Stands 18c. %
\ 5?3&l to- day $1.38. To-Day 7c Yard. Jost 144 cf these safety 4g^r^ -f
} K?*9l Ladies' Black Kid -.„ ?R infchB3 w ; de « M ttT de*i«T« Omc? f nk Stands; the maker f^v^" I) *
i "*•>» Laco Shoes - Faccy *nll <J6 mUies wide, pretty oeaigns sent them to ua by mistake; I__i2f_^/ .«
f N'^^ vfs^cbthtop? eSj C00 " D S 3 ' r? \i e ffc Yll ¦ Vw didn ' 6 ™ nt them back, 3a *
> ks£0&Zr vesting cum tops, !2J C yar( j; we took all that tbe jobber . . . _ • ' § §1 £
k %Smv T^W.!VZ: to otl-r them to-day (Friday), per 7 gTso?^ 11 £f |
I- ¦ - . 9iz>s 3 10 8 - re & u - goiDg t0 seI1 them t0 " day at fSc i
* j 0 . -0*0% SUtloaery Dep't— Main Floor.
I day only $1*38 j 5c Bi'cvclo PumpS 42o ! $
i FlrSt Alsle-R lg ht of Entrance. q^ FoQt p amp _ 6 i mp :e, MCti'S $15, $16.50 S
\ Spachtei Shams S 11^ ff^g~^?Si- and $17.50 Suits i
I and Bureau Scarfs. i ar iy 75c- to-day 42o *fni» «##> 75 S
if- The 5" c grade, 250 each, part of one Foot Pomp— ]Jxl2-inch brass barrel. * v * *pm%*mMi9m £
H of the most important special buys made nickel-plated, with steel foot-reat and Positively the best clothing bargain M
b* ia tlis department this year; are offered' maple handle, regn'arly 50c — to-day ever offered by the big store. We mast «5
K at specalsae to-day (Friday) *»«* 32o have the room for the naw Fall Ciothin? 5
tf onlr, pac'i . • &&>& sporting Goods Dep't-Second Floor. which ia arriving daiy. About 20 styles S
S 2L eol sXio2T I
J ft "¦ . . -^ _ Jl breasted sacks and three-button cutaway 3*
| | A Two-Bay Butter Sale. | %£dJ;°!£Lr&JL°ZlZ3. |
V m PriHow onH Sji'iirHav *hf» rhoirP PTade Of DUre U meres; BUits that we-e selling for Slo. J«
j». ® Creamery Butter that we always jSJFVj % Tobe c!orfidoat at " m * & «
J :fi" -ell— regular size squares, for ** a ** 6 Boys , $3bQ5 J
U S Limit three squares to a customer. J $?| suits $2jbs-Yox 5
% Lawn Handkerchiefs— Groceries — Lii/UOrS /}+{/\ two-piece suits, S
I Special Friday 5Cm Emporium Baking Powder— 1-lb tini— -' I \ f°\\ consisting of double- £
W A manufacturer accepted our low offer to-dav 33o / <M I 9 L I breasted coats and knee •*
fora 200-dozin ot of ladies diinty, lace- R. S. V. P. Salt— 5-lb packages, reg-u- \^5f ti / panta fine all-wool ma- "5
«» edged, hemstitched lawn handkerchief-*. lariy 20c — to-»iay ISO p * / . . .' .¦ t vv 'jf
& and we place them on sale to-day IST^k Stollwerck's Princess Chocolate-Very XJL- r* tcml3 m neat ' nobby 5
vFridaj), each..... %P%0 high gr^da, i- b cakes, regular y 30c— I A 1/ patterns, strongly g
¦ to-diy 25o |/Vil made; pants have don- Jf
$ Walking Canes 29c. Fanc y R - d Atsska sa' 115011 - 1 - 1 * 5 tin*.^.. it H ble 80at and knee3> ia j
X 300 Gone> Walk nj Stick, for men, Ke rtuck7"ao«ri»on"'w#»'/slry- L U f Te K u 1 a°r \l 5
J Prince o: Wales Handles, pretti y tr.m- Fu i quar t bntles, regularly 75c— to- l[{ tA *3 93' girr* *r*»#-r >
med with sterling silver, handsomely ce- day qj c Jg/ — "^ J or 'i^2«#O*? •*
* signed and \rell made, a snap picked up Sauterne- 0u' five-vear-old re^u- «, , „. v 7^-. "5
I- by our Niw York buyer. Go on , Q lar 75c !loa qua -, ity> a perf : ct Second Ai.le-R!«ht of Entrance. J
»f Special gale to-day tFriiay,, dinner win: _^ 0 -d-y. 59c *
If Son, e Glassware f£Mg$£g$gM$F% Special Friday Sale. |
% Specials for Friday,, Mam noor-Rear. Tante uoyers. j
£ Sugar Bowls, Cream Pitchers ad m r>,*~Vjv Sain nf A yick-up that our buvjr made while !j
% Sroon Holders — Crystal glass, with \n£-*li * , £T in New York recently— ISO mercerized -J
B.' god bands, regularly worth 2.c, 25c and ZtHJiCSreC* S ttOSG. Tapeitry Table Covers, satin finish -jj
K 35c each— a fpeci'il purchase * *% Extra heavy lxl ribied, three-thread thread, heavy fringe all around, entirely «^
% ( f 300 on sale tri-day SAmG otton guann esd stainless black. new, parfec: goods: jj
».' Water Pitchers — Crystal gla^. with doub e knees, hee'3 and sole-, sizes 6 \o 1-yard square, regularly 63c, to-day .*<
K pold bind, capacity one- half gallon, rec- V). an exceptiona'Iy good 2>c stock- *J8C *5
a? uar priceG c each— 1 Fmill ot ing-to-day, per dozsn, $^65,*^ 2-yard square, regularly $1.25, to-dav .. J
tf on specia salet<-dayat A+StS ratr - **TTl? ...88s 5f
Crockery DeD't— Main Floor. . Second Aisle — Le't of Entrance. Drapery Dep't — Main Floor. J€
|C _ — g
I Two G&rpei S£&s*!g&iMs—Pieniy Others* :|
I All-wool Faced Tapestry Brussels Carpets, de- Wilton Carpst Rugs. %
*£ firable patterns and color schemes, real value Very fine grade, conventional pittema an! Oriental effects. •£
K 70c per yard — on Special Sale Friday gSET,,* These .Rue* «r» nicely bound. _ jt
fc' , ' %Jt%M& i:7xo4 inch Rus:*, worth $3.75— to-day 31-85 ri
tf onl y ' ' 2ix';4 inch Rags, worth $3.<>0 -to-day 67.50 •«
I Axminster Carpets-Thick pile, rich coloring cer- $
ti tain patterns worth £1. do per yard. &€&** Iron Bods— 200 different styles, warran-sd best han'l •«
S? To be closed out to-day <£P9UPS* lacquered, charming desigis, all siz93 $3*25 to $35 VAND HE OUGHT TO KNOW.
;A detective says there is - more craft
upon land '. than ' there is upon water.—
Chicago , News. ¦ ..-.-.
She— Oh. Fred, dear, you are so noble,
so generous, so handsome, so chivalrous,
so* much the superior of every man I meet
I just can't help loving you. Now what
do you see in plain little me to admire?
- He— Oh, I don't know,' dear; but you
have very good judgment.— Truth. ,
MODESTY.
There is joy in the little army of local school
marms. They may enter the blissful state of matri
mony without. losing their positions, but there won't
be a leap year for four years.
The purpose of a titled young lady of Oakland to
marry an everyday, oidinary American citizen sug
gests a worthy example to some untit!ed American
girls when they begin to trifle with Cupid.
If the loed pools?;lcrs continue to juggle so dan
gerously with the law in their efforts to restore their
gambling establishments they may find in Marin
County another estabHshment not to their liking.
Bourke Cockran has been at much pains to indi
cate his preference for William Jennings Bryan as a
Presidential candidate. American voters will be at
less trouble to determine that Mr. Cockran's prefer
ences are of no possible public concern.
While the police are looking for the mysterious
person who has been robbing telephone boxes, they
might, with some prospect of success, turn their atten
tion to the subscribers of the monopoly, some of
whom may, very properly, believe that a fair exchange
is no robbery.
Superintendent of Schools Webster has taken much
pains to demonstrate that the classification of the
schools adopted by^ihe Board of Education is ini
jjracticnble and absurd. The Superintendent should
not delude himself with an idea, however, that he has
given the public zvy information it did not already
—Chicago Times-Herald.
BRYAN AT INDIANAPOLIS.
What! me?
Honest, boys, am I
Tour nominee?
"Why,
I didn't have the least Idee
Anything like this would happen! Say,
Fellows, you haven't grot me to come away
Down here to play
A joke on me, have you? No!
I can see
By your looks that you
Wouldn't do '
I'm . so .
Surprised I hardly know where I'm at!
You understand,
Of course, I didn't expect
Anything like this,. and
You must give me time
To reflect!
I m ;
So flustered, you see!
How and when and where
Did it happen? I declare
This seems almost too :,,'-.
Good to.be true!
Seeing that's my
Business, anyway-
Just can't seem V ; "•'¦¦¦¦¦-".,¦*¦
To realize that it isn't all a dream!
Me v ;. ' - *-'r,^
The nominee!
You don't mean it! Get out!
Well; well, well! I must now sit
For niy picture while getting told about
itr ¦-•¦-' - ; ... ,- ¦ ¦¦• ¦ . ¦ - - ¦
NEW YORK, Aug. 23.— Tyler Henehaw
of San Francisco is at the Herald Square;
C. George Krogness, Eastern agent of
The Call, is. at the Imperial.
CALIF0RN1ANS IN NEW YORK.
So far as we know there has been no. such Change
noted in the cycle trade in this country and it is not
likely .that there will be, for the proportion ot Amer
icans who have bought bicycies solely for amusement
has not been so large as that in Great Britain.':' The
cessation of cycling ris a fad would therefore be less
important here- than there. f ; Nevertheless the down
ward^tendency of prices in the old country isworth
noting, for it signifies a new era in : the ', history of the
wheel." ¦
The falling oft in the demand for fine wheels, as
compared with cheap ones, may be taken as a sign
that in England the wheel has ceased'to be regarded
as an article of luxury and amusement for the rich and
has become a thing of use by workingmen, messen
ger boys, mail-carriers and others who have to do a
good deal of moving about from one place to an
other. That a man is seen riding a wheel is no longer
evidence that he is a "gentleman of leisure," taking a
spin for his amusement. He may be a workingman
going to or from his shop. Consequently the rich
are no : longer so addicted to the wheel as they were.
Society is hunting a new amusement. The cheap, ser
viceable wheel for utility is more in demand "than the
fancy article and the boom in the business has begun
to subside.;
The Birmingham correspondent of the New York
Commercial, in commenting upon the conditions of
the bicycle manufacturing trade in Englandand par
ticularly at Coventry, says: "The demand for
high-grade machines has never before been so small
in proportion to cheap ones; it has not been possible
to turn out the low-priced cycles in such quantities as
is necessary in order to insure decent profits. Firms
assert that they have made more machines this year
than ever before, and yet their financial results are
unsatisfactory. Still, it is safe to assert that, in the
total, as many machines have not been sold in 1900
as. were in 1899. It <s believed to.be.^ fair, estimate
that 10 per cent less bicycles have been • soid in the
first six months of 1900 as against the. corresponding
period a year ago. Since June little or] nothing-: has
been done."
DECLINE OF THE CYCLE.
ONLY a short time ago there was a much talk
ing set of economists who declared that before
the advancing bicycle the horse would have to
retire from the streets and roads and content himself
with hauling the plow or running races. The prophets
were of the class who prophesy without knowing.
The war in South Africa has brought the horse to the
front as prominently as'ever, while it appears that, in
the British islands at any rate, the cycle trade is in a
bad way and the use of the wneel is declining.
VOTE for honest politics and down the bosses.
That is the counsel The Call has to give to all
Republicans in San Francisco. In the party pri
maries to-day the issue between genuine Republican
ism and boss rule is clearly drawn. No one can mis
t?.ke it. A vote for the regular ticket is a vote against
the bosses. A vote for the Herrin, Crimmins and
Kelly ticket is a vote against the Republican party.
With the situation every one who has followed the
proceedings leading up to the primaries is familiar.
The Call has kept the public posted on every move
j made by the honest members of the County Com
j mittee or by the tools of the bosses. It is familiar to
! all that Herrin and his crowd made use of every
j means in their power to dominate the committee so
j that they could run the primaries to suit themselves.
i In that attempt they were beaten. Honest politics
! triumphed. The rank and file of the party have been
I assured fair primaries. Every vote honestly cast will
1 be honestly counted. So far, then, as the arrangements
j for the primaries are concerned the bosses have been
i beaten. Now comes the task of defeating them at the
j polls. The stalwart Republicans who control the
I County Committee have done^ all that is in their
j power. The rest is with the rank and file. The issue
I is up to them and they must meet it to-day.
j JThc points of chief danger are the Forty-first As
j sembly District, where Dibble is seeking a nomination
j to the Assembly, and the Thirty-seventh and Thirty
eighth Assembly districts, which make up the Twenty
first Senatorial District, in which E. I. Wolfe is
seeking a nomination. That precious pair of notori
ous misrepresentatives of the party, the people and
the city are the special pets of the bosses and every
trick and fraud known to the politics of the Mint
Saloon and the Southern Pacific law office will be
resorted to for the purposes of procuring nominations
for them. In those districts, therefore, not a single de
cent Republican should remain a\Hy from the polls.
Every vote will be needed.
One of the tricks which Dibble has devised to help
him in the Forty-first has been exposed by The Call.
It consists in nominating on his ticket for the State
convention such well known Republicans as Judge
Van Fleet of the Republican National Committee
and George Stone, Wakefield. Baker and J. B. Dutton
of the State Central Committee. By putting those
gentlemen on his ticket for the State convention the
, astute schemer, hopes to induce a good many decent
Republicans to vote for his candidates for the. local
convention. That trick having been exposed may
now', be comparatively harmless, but other tricks will
doubtless be put forth from the same source "to-day.
Look out for them.
There should be no question in the minds of any
FOR HONEST POLITICS.
THE Aneall Italian Opera Company
will open up a grand opera season at
the California Theater on September
S. . Maurice Grau will commence a
grand opera season at the Grand
Opera-house in the beginning of Xovem
ber. Assuming that the Tlvoli manage
ment will repeat its last year's eighteen
weeks' run of grand opera and that the
Azzali Company contemplates even an
eight weeks' season, we shall have the ab
solutely unique spectacle of three gTand
opera, companies giving performances at
the same time in this city. Nay, fur
ther. If it should please Mr. Graff, who
will bring out the Sembrich-Dippel-Ben
saude-Bevignani combination on some
yet unannounced date during the winter,
to come in at the season's beginning, San
Francisco might proudly ask in vain for
any city in the United States to duplicate
the musical conditions then existent here.
Curiously enough, the. Azzali company
promises more in the way of novelty than
any of the rest, Grau's repertoire, in par
ticular, being famously antique. "Fal
stafi," one of the Tivoli's promised novel
ties, will be griven by Azzali and the
worshipers of Salassa will bemuch inter
ested in hearing the great barytone's (Az
zali) rival in this, one of his most famous
roles.
Massenet's "Manon Lescaut" will be
given and "Fedora," an adaptation of
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS.
The world may !ong wait for the sure retribution
that will follow the tactics of Roberts and Kitchener,
but the shadow of jud.q^nent always overtakes a peop!e
who sanction such things, and the people of England
owe it to themselves to purge their hearts of the
spirit which permits stich deeds to be done in their
jiames.
It is not fair war thst Roberts is making in South
Africa. It is an attempt to compel the surrender of
combatants by abuse of non-combatants, which is not
recognized by nations nor by soldiers as within the
This has proved to be the case. England is paying
for it now in blood and treasure. Stout old Kruger
warns his men that surrender does not mean home,
but St. Helena, and every shaggy soldier girds him
and fights on. Lor-i Roberts is trying to end the
wsr by burning farmsteads over the heads of the
women and children and the aged, too decrepit to
fight. But the shelteiless women gather their young
i-b^ui them and go out upon the cheerless veldt, only
to ask of their men under arms to fight on.
We believed at the time that instead of shortening
the struggle of the Boers by terrifying them, sending
Cronie to a hated island prison to die would intensify
the struggle.
The Romans, in the high tide of conquest, bawling.
"Woe to the conquered," as they rattled by in chains
in the triumph of the conqueror, never manifested a
r:<ire brutal spirit than was shown toward Cronje and
his; faithful wife.
The brave old Boer v.as shown scant courtesy by
his focmen and correspondents of the London press
tickled the fancy of their readers by humorous de
scriptions of the dress and toilet of Madame Cronje,
a brave r.nd high-hearted woman, who had endured
the terrors of the march and the horrors of the be
sieged camp by the side of her husband. Had her
critics been men, remembering their mothers, they
vould not have pretended to expect her emergence
from such a scene dressed for a social function, but
would have respected her gray hairs and raiment,
even' rag of which was ennobled by devotion to her
husband and his cause.
HOME AND ST. HELENA.
WH EX brave Cronje was sent to St. Helena, to
punish him for a defense that suffers nothing
by comparison with the greatest actions in war,
eve deprecated the startling exhibition of England's
malice and spiteful spirit. Outnumbered in men and
guns by more than ten to one, he fought until thirst,
starvation and exhausted ammunition compelled him
to capitulate. Lord Roberts' vainglorious dispatch.
•Maiuba Hill avenged." was the first ugly sign of
rr.Mnncsc rrf enirit thw followed the surrender.
Organists wlil be interested to hear of
the publication of a new symphony by C.
M. Wiiior. soirietfcing on the lines of the
great "Gothic" symphony. The motive—
so to speak— i9 the Eastern hymn, "Haeo
Dies." and the pedal pa»*t, free in style,
and often double, Is of the usual "Widor
ian difficulty.
The postponed piano recitals of the
Schramm children will be given on the
2Sth and 31st of the present month and it
is understood that they will go East to
study afterward.
Hiss Clara Kalisher promises an excel
lent programme for her sons recital on
September 4 at Sherman-Clay's, including
songs by CfHssimi. Schumann, Handel.
Brahma (Sapphische Ode). HenscheJ.
Foote, Macdonaltl and Liza Schumann.
Miss Kalisher will return to her Xew
York home almost immediately after the
concert.
Maurice Grau brings out the two De
Reszkes, Melba, Nordica, the famous con
ductor, Mancinelli. and last, but by 00
means least, the Byronlc hero of the
matinee matron. "Walter Damrosch. In
all no less than two hundred and seventy
five people will storm che musical battle
ments of San Francisco under this im
presario's direction.
Sardou's play, by Umberto Giordano, and
one of last season's successes, will also
be sung. Besides these, "L'Africaine 1 *—
seldom heard here; Boito's "Mephisto."
"Ruy Bias." "La Boheme," "Forza del
Destino" — with which the Azzali season
begins, and all the old operatic stand
bys will be produced. The company
comes here from a long tour through
Mexico, South America and Jamaica.
Dr. J. V. Littig, a prominent physician
of Davenport, Iowa, is at the Palace. He
arrived yesterday and is here on a pleas
ure trip.
C. H. Sherman, one of the. most promi
nent business men of Santa Barbara, is
at the Occidental, accompanied by his
wife.
W. E. Noble, a leading dry goods mer
chant of Santa Barbara, is registered at
the Lick. He Is here on a business trip.
H. L. Ilexter, a merchant of Pendle
ton. Or., is registered , at the Occidental.
He is here to buy a stock of goods.
William Levy, who conducts a biff gen
eral merchandise store at Reno, Nev., is
at the Occidental.
• H. J. Small, superintendent of construc
tion of the Southern Pacific, is a guest of
the Palace.
Frank H. Buck, the well-known horti
culturist, of Vacaville, Is stopping at the
Palace.
¦William .Maguire. a prominent mining
man of Dutch Flat, is a guest of the
Grand.
• AV. R." Castle, one of Honolulu's most
prominent citizens, is at the Occidental.
E. H. Cox, a banker of Madera, is stop
ping at the Palace.
B.' M. Lclong of Sacramento is regis
tered at the Grand —
B. Cusick, a lumber merchant of Chico,
is registered at the Grand.
O. F. Atwood, a prominent electrician
of Stockton, is at the Grand.
George T. Ditzler, a wealthy rancher of
Biggs, is stopping at the Grand.
H. M. Reed, the extensive rancher of
Reedley, is a guest of the Grand.
Thomas L. Crothers, a leading citizen
of Ukiah, Is registered at the L.lck.
C. A. Harrison, a well-known hotel man
of San Jose, is stopping at the Grand.
PERSONAL MENTION.
AGUINALDO-What a Lot of Fake Imitators.
. ' • . • —Pioneer Press.
We are now engaged in another Presidential cam
paign and once more the Republican party appears
as the champion of American shipping. It is there
fore timely to recall the importance of the issue to the
minds of the constituents. No man should be elected
to Congress who is not willing to pledge himself to
erzet legislation which will give American ships, built
•in American shipyards, manned by American seameV:
and flying the American flag such a degree of pro
tection as will place them on an equality with the
bounty-supported ships of foreign nations; and there
by enable them to carry over the ocean the commerce
of our. country.
The failure to pass the merchant marine bill at the
last session of Congress constitutes the one defect
in the otherwise flawless fulfillment of the Republican
campaign pledges of 1896. The party promised in
that campaign to establish the finances of the nation
on a sound basis, to reform the currency and banking
laws, to establish a comprehensive system of protec
tion for all American industries and to promote the
shipping interests of the nation. All have been ful
filled except the last. By one means or another the
opponents of American shipping have managed to
defeat its hopes even in the house of its friends.
We have protected our coastwise commerce until the
tonnage enrolled In It is greater than the coasting ton
nage of any other nation. We have promoted the build
ing of railroads by cash loans and land subsidies from
Congress, by State and municipal subventions of various
kinds and degrees, but aggregating great values, and
have thus accomplished an internal industrial and com
mercial development unequaled in any age of the historic
world. We have protected our industries, with the result
that manufactures, which in 18S0 were less in value than
agriculture, had, in 1S90, passed it with such leaps and
bounds as to represent 52 per cent of the total value of
all the industries of the United States, while agriculture
was but 2S per cent. From that pleasing picture one.
cannot but turn with disappointment and chagrin to this
one, that between 1S70 and 1S99 the proportion of foreign
commerce carried in American vessels fell from 33, per
cent to 8.9 per cent— to less than half what it was in" the
first year of our national existence (17S9). Disagreeable
as this result, is, an examination into the historic pro
cesses by which it has been accomplished will serve only
to make it more displeasing, even to humiliating 1 our
national pride.
Referring to the way in which our merchant marine
has been treated, as compared with the treatment ac
corded to other great interests of the nation, Mr.
Stubbs said:
By way of texts for his speech Mr. Stubbs quoted
the saying of Secretary Gage, "The only dark spot
upon this record of the nation's progress is our failure
in the carrying trade upon the high seas," and this
f-om the Statesman's Year Book, "The foreign com
merce of the United States is at present largely carried
on in foreign bottoms." Upon those statements the
argument of the speaker was built up and a striking
and impressive appeal made for justice to our shipping
interests.
VICE PRESIDENT STUBBS of the Southern
Pacific Company made a happy choice in select
ing our merchant marine as the subject of his
address at the banquet given him in Chicago by the
National Association of Merchants. There is hardly
any feature of our commercial life that merits more
consideration at this time. Our foreign trade has ex
panded and augmented to an extent that is one of
the marvels of the age, but our ocean shipping lags
behind that of nations far inferior to our own in every
other respect.
OUR MERCHANT MARINE
Friday august 24, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address A!! Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manner.
MANACiKIfS OFFICE •JEfi555£££J^5!^-52i
Pl^JLlCATIOS OFFICE.. JlarVetnnd ThirO. S. V.
Telephone Vreum 201.
EDITORIAL nOOMS....217 to 221 Stereniom St.
Telephone Pre«« SOS.
Delivered fir Carrier*. 18 Cent* Ver Week.
Sinclr Cople*. 5 Cent*.
Term* for Mail. Including Postajrei
DAILT CALL (including Sunday), one year !«.W
DATLT CALL (Including Surdey). 6 rr.cnrhs JiO
DAILY CAL.U <»nclud::ir Sunday). S months 1.W
DAILT CALI>— liy Sincle Month ««»
CrXPAY CALL. One Year "... J-"'/
WEKKLY CAUL One Year I- 00
Ail postmaster* are authorized to recelre
¦abierlptloBi.
Sample ocplea will be rorwsrded wnen requested.
Msfl subscriber* In ordering Chang* of afiflre** should b*
particular to cive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a prompt end correct compjlance with their retpieat.
UAKLA.MJ OFFICE HIS Broadway
GECKGE C KROGNESS,
V.zr*.g<?T Fceign Advertising, Merquette Building. Chicago.
(Lone ElEtasca Telephone "Central 26U."I
XEW TORE CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Heraid Square
KEW YORK UnPRESENTATTVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH... 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK !CEWB STANDS:
XCalfiorf-Artorla Hotel; A. Brentana. U Union Square:
¦bazar kju Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS 6TANCS:
Efcermsa House; P. O. N>w» Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
rYcraom Kcuee: Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON :D. C.I OFFICE Wellington Hotel
MORTON -El CRANE. Correspondent. ,
liJS *7VC f* OKi'lCIiS — r?7 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until ?:30 o'clock. 2*0 Hayi-s. open until 9:3) o'clock. 63S
McAllister, open until 5:30 o'clock. 613 Larktn, open until
i.X) o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
fym*r Pixt*"»mli. open until 9 o'clock. 1"S6 Valencia, open
vr.x'.l i o'vlork. |££ Eleventh. or«>n utuII 9 o'clock. N\V cor-
BW Twenty ¦acoafl end Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
The Chinese situation is evidently "just entering
upon its critical stage, snd whatever may be the result,
President McKinley deserves the greatest praise and
the most unwavering support for the creditable part
he has taken from the beginning until now.
Already it is reported that Russia has mobilized an
army of 375.000 men to march upon China; Germany
is moving in the same direction, and if all these troops
land there must be something for them to do to jus
tify their home governments in sending them.
The world does not need the spectacle of famine,
anarchy afid tragedy in China, which will follow the
paralysis or disappearance of an ancient polity. Those
who desire that the Chinese gradually assimilate such
modern ideas as will aid their industrial progress will
be easiest and soonest gratified if the advice of the
President is heeded and his intentions are at once met
half way by the Chinese Government.
It is the opinion of Japan that the Empress Dow
ager is the force to be reckoned with in China. As
long as that remarkable woman lives she will hold
primacy in Chinese affairs. Even if the Emperor is
restored to his temporalities he will be the instru
ment of her will. Whether she is dealt with primarily,
or secondarily through the Emperor, she is the one
power in that land with authority to plr.cate the people
and vitalize President McKinley's policy. She may
act through some one of the great bureaus which
manage the complicated government of half a billion
people: but, whatever the medium chosen, her ad
visers must make her understand that the integrity of
China and her dynastic interests can be preserved only
ir. the way pointed out by the President of the United
States.
The President has secured for this country a novel
position, but it is as necessary as it is no\^l.
NOT only Americans,' but students of affairs,
• everywhere, will heartily 'applaud the repeated
determination of President McKinley to medi
ate for peace in China, to the end that partition of
that empire may be prevented. The responsibility
rests upon China to restore the public authority of its
Government, arrange proper reparation to the powers
and submit such guarantees as will terminate at once
the occupation of her territory by foreign troops.
We believe there is no substantial difference of
opinion here either as to the wisdom and general hu
manity of this position or as to its being in harmony
with American interests.. These interests, also, are in
line with the legitimate interests of the other nations
concerned. They are in harmony with the commer
cial equality, for which the open door negotiations
were made and concluded by our Government. Those
negotiations, carried en several months in advance of
the beginning of the present troubles, are now in evi
dence to prove the wise foresight of President Mc-
Kinley and Secretary Hay. The agreement by which
they were successfully concluded is a binding inter
rational compact which none of the nations party to
them can violate without offense to this country. If
they had only China to deal with the case would be
different. Then each would be intent only on grab
bing as many square miles of territory and. getting
jurisdiction of as many millions of people as possible,
that they might monopolize the resulting commerca.
It is easy to see that this would mean the bitterest
wrangle among themselves, leading surely to war on
Chinese soil between the European powers now
represented there by armed forces. Being bound by
an agreement for commercial equality, a large part of
the temptation to independent action and seizure of
territory is destroyed, since they would be spending
much to get nothing beyond what would belong
equally to the nations that spent nothing.
It need not be expected that all of the nations which
find their hands tied by the President's open door
compact will be patient under it. They feel that they
were outwitted by his superior foresight. If therefore
their armies can remain on Chinese soil indefinitely,
under the pretense of maintaining order and perform
ing the necessary civil functions abandoned by the
Chinese Government, they can accumulate reasons for
taking territory by piling up a volume of money in
demnity that China cannot meet.
There are Chinese statesmen and they should com
prehend clearly the scope and purpose of President
McKinley's policy. They should respond to it at
once frankly and fairly. They may expect Europe to
impose difficulties in the way of such response, but
with joint action between the United States, Japan
and England, such subterfuges will not avail.
THE PRESIDENT AND CHINfl.
Let each Republican remember that this election is
the crisis of the campaign. Should the bosses triumph
the party convention will be dominated by them and
the candidates whom it nominates will enter the con
test more or less discredited by that fact. Those who
desire to see Republicans elected in November should
go to the primaries and vote the true Republican*
ticket so that the party may nominate candidates
worthy of election. The issue cannot be avoided. It
must be determined to-day. Vote early. Get your
friends to vote. Help to bring out the full strength
of decent Republicanism. Let us sweep Herrin,
Crimmins and Kelly and all their tools of the type of
Dibble and Wolfe out of the Republican party of San
Francisco.
honest Republican howi he should vote. The regular
ticket for- each district was published in ,The Call
yesterday. That is the. ticket of genuine Republican
ism. It is the anti-boss ticket. It is the .ticket
against which Herrin, Crimmins and Kelly are fight
ing. It is the ticket which is fighting for straight
politics and the Republican party against the banded
bosses and all the corrupt; forces which the Mint
Saloon and the Southern Pacific Company can bring
to the polls.
THE SAN FRAXCISGO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 24, 19Q0.
6
Special information , supplied dally to
business ' houses and 1 public men • by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 610 Mont-
gomery st Telephone Main 1042. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at iWnsend'B.*
LOANS
qN> DEFINITE CONTRACT.
INSTALLMENT PLAN.
$12 S3 a month pays up a $1000 loan tn 10
years; $20 SO In 5 years.
Citizens' Building and. Loan Association,
232 MONTGOMERY ST..
DR.MGNULT&
niniSAVElX-KSOW.N A1MD RELIABLE OLD
A SpeclalMtcurej Private. Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases of Men only. Book on Frigate Diseases and
Wetnesses of Men.free. Over 20y l rs' experience.
Patienwcorwlat Home. Terms reasonable Hours 9
to3d:illjr;&30to3:aO ev'gs. Sundays, 10 t<»li Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call, or address
P. ICOMCOU McXULTY.^JI.©.
26K Jiearuy St., San Francisco, CaL
AlgUSEm-EKTS.
Grand Or*ta House— "Sapho."
<""ii!iforn'.a— 1>-<\ the Hypnotist. •
THoli — "TansfciBaer."
Alcazar— "Pa^ho."
Columbia— "The Only Way."
Orj>h»um— Vaudeville.
Oiympia.. correr Mason an<I EdsJy streets — Specialties.
OJiul^t". Z<x> c. ~ 1 Tncater — Vaudeville- every Afternoon and
evening. *—
Fisrber'*— Vaudeville.
A!ta Tfcoater. Grove street— "Uncle Ton's Cabin,"
tiuiro Baths — Open nichts.
6tete Fair, Sacramento — S*rtetnber 3 to 15.
I I i j
I
j \ — —
THE MOST j
DANGEROUS
•OCCUPATION
IN CALIFORNIA.
Experience of the man who follows it
*f» <& TRAINING HORSES *f* *£
FOR THE GERMAN ARMY.
Photos of the trainers at work at
Badeo, CaL
• '
Camille d'Arville .;
f\ Tells Why She Prefers y&
T Wedlock to the Stage. T
=====: THE MOTOR- ZZZZZZHT
oon't miss MAN'S SIDE OF THE STORY. ™ B
TUB SUNDAY
CHEAT t CALL
MAGAZINE ¦ 1BAO3
acc "°" What's Doing in Paris. J^!!!J!!1
; By GENEVIEVE GREEN. " "~~
HOW TO DRESS THE BABY.
il ' IIn the Divorce Court.
• Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Oscar T. Walling from Annie Wall-
Ing on the ground of cruelty and Amanda
Milligan • from Robert Milligan on the
ground of desertion. J
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday
by Kate C. Borgwardt against George W.
Borgwardt" for failure to provide, Joseph
D Loughrey against Theresa M. Lough
rev for cruelty. Frances. E. Johnson
against Charles S. Johnson for failure to
provide. William C. Mlkullch against
Ethel Mlkulich for Cruelty. Aroveda
Westerfeld> against Herman We.sterfeld
for failure to provide and Minnie M. Reid
against Charles D. Reid for cruelty.
Voters of all the parties ought to vote
for and : send' Dr. C C. 0*Dohnell, ! the In
dependent 'candidate, to Congress from
the Fourth District. We need him In
Congress ' because the restriction act is
about to expire. He will speak from the
corner of Sixth and Market streets Satur
day. evenIng^v______j_J_£-__ ,.- •
-Many Chinese temples : have,: windows
made * from the white mother-o'-pearl
found in oyster shells. The material Is
perfectly ; transparent and looks like opal
alass. ;-- -, : '- - ¦.•--• r— •: — .-•_ i
I An old saying goes, "He who makes two
blades of grass grow where one grew
before Is a public benefactor." The con
verse in business Is. "He who makes one
word do where two were used before is
a benefactor." This the Daily Commercial
News strives to do. Its reports on grain,
oil, : finance, produce, merchandise, ship
ping, etc., are as accurate and concise as
a merchant's ledger.
Fucts are given without unnecessary
verbiage. Accuracy, brevity, combined
with energy in obtaining the latest news,
are the main guides of the management,
and a successful career of twenty-five
years proves the correctness of the
theory. The paper Is served by carrier or
mall at 50 cents per month, and is pub
lished by the Commercial Publishing Co.;
34 California street, this city. The twenty
fifth annual souvenir number Issued by
the Dally Commercial -News met with the
highest praise everywhere. The Weekly
Commercial News, at $2 per annum, is
known among shipping men the world
over. ¦• . , . . *
Brevity in Business.
morals.
The sneaker defined faith as the founda
tion of all happiness in the world, and
there Is no true happiness without God's
approval. It was the aim of the Cath
olic church, he concluded, to eradicate
the false doctrine of modern free thought
and to save people from the consequent
ruin of infidelity.
Rev. Father Sasia, S.J., Lectures for
the Bsnefit of Children's
Day Homes.
A large audience was present at St.
Mary's Cathedral last night to listen to
a philosophical lecture delivered by Rev.
Joseph C. Sasla, S. J.. for the benefit of
the Children's Day Homes.
Father Sasia's subject was "The Cath
olic Church and Modern Free Thought."
In his lecture he explained the attitude
of the church toward free thinkers as one
of unalterable opposition. He held that
the system of free thought led to skepti
cism in philosophy; to indlffercntlsm and
atheism in religion; to socialism and an
archism in politics and to tfexualism in
FREE THOUGHT OPPOSED
BY CATHOLIC CHURCH
United National Association
Is to Meet at Atlantic
City.
ANNUAL CONVENTION
OF POSTAL CLERKS
New Bank for San Francisco.
"The National Bank of Commerce is
the name of a new banking Institution lo
be organized here. There will be a paid
up capital stock of $230.0CO and the bank
will take over the deposits of the present
Bank of Commerce, a State institution,
which will be liquidated. The organizers
include William C. Murdock. W. H. Mar
tin. C. S. Benedict. E. F. Preston, Martin
J. Burke and others. The bank will have
quarters on Market street and will be
ready for business October 1.
writs of habeas corpus. The men, who
are Austrian sailors, being members of
the crew of the steamer Federlca, were
held prisoners by Chief of Police Sullivan
at the instance of the Austrian consul.
F. Korbel, who alleged they were de
serters.
Though no warrant for their arrest was
made and though they were not charged
with a violation of any State law. Chief
Sullivan caused their arrest and Imprison
ment. A mere statement of the facts sur
roundLng the arrest was sufficient ground
for their dismissal from custody, which
Judge Cook ordered.
A,t 2 p.m. the prisoners were taken be
fore United States Commissioner Hea
cock, who decided that, as they were not
American citizens, he had no jurisdiction
over the matter other than to remand
them to the custody of the Austrian con
sul. The consul then made an arrange
ment with the marshal whereby they
might be kept In his custody, the consul
paying all the expenses of their keeping.
M«n Jailed by Chief Sullivan Dis
charged by Judge Cook, but
Are Rearrested.
Superior Judge Cook released Guls Cla
vanich, Angelade Marcelliu and Guis Fill
past from custody yesterday morning on
IMPRISONED SAILORS
WERE ILLEGALLY HELD
Oratar Shea Paid Tribute to thel'aith- j
ful Work of the Rev. Father
Brady.
St. Mary's .College Hall was the scene,
last evenlnK.'of much activity. The fair
for the benefit of the building fund of St.
John's CnthoUc Church was opened with
oratory nnd song and the noise of parlor
rifles. The orator was Frank Shea; the
architect, who paid tribute due to the
earnest and effective work of Rev. Father
Brady for the upbuilding of the parish
and pointed out effectively the needs of
the parish, which hopes to have a hand
some church on the building lot adjoin
ing the parochial residence.
* The vocal music was furnished by Miss
Annie Rooney and Miss Etta Walsh, who
sang very nicely. Supervisor Curtis.pre
sided nt the opening exercises. When
these were over the booths were patron
ized well by the large crowd in attend
ance. The rifle practice was under the
direction of Company O, League of the
Cross Cadets, in a range Improvised for
the occasion. .
¦ The booths were handsomely decorated
for the season, which will be prolonged
for ten days or more. St. Anthony's
booth was p'resided over by Mrs. McNerny
and Mrs. Mitchell, St. John's booth by
Mrs. Richardson, Sunnyside booth by Mrs.
Amroch, St." Patrick's booth by Mrs.
Tammany and Mrs. Dennison. Holly Park
booth by Mrs. Morrison, Ladles Sodality
booth by Miss M. Skehan, assisted by
members of the Sodality. Mrs. Supple
had charge of the soda fountain. Mrs.
Cherry of the refreshment booth, • Miss
Irene Walsh and members of the Holy
Angels' Sodality of the oandy stand ana
Westplier of Company O of the
League of the Cross Cadets supervised
the rifle range. There were so many
desirable articles to purchase that purses
that went in fat came out thin.
Every evening that the fair is open
there will be a programme of musical and
literary exercises. On Saturdays the fair
will also be open in the afternoon for the
benefit of the children.
There has been a mistaken impression
concerning the church property of St.
John's parish. The fact is that all the
realty that tho parish has title to is that
where the parochial residence stands and
thn vacant "lot set aside for the church to
be erected. The St. Mary's College prop
erty belongs to the diocese. This under
standing of the facts will lead the liberal
minded, seeing the necessity for the new
church, to contribute freely to the build-
Ing fund.
ST. JOHN'S FAIR WAS
OPENED SUCCESSFULLY
SHE "Hawaiian Islands" was the in
teresting subject of the sixtK and
last of the Burton Holmes
series, civen at the Columbia
Theater yesterday afternoon. A
larger audience than any that has yet
attended this series turned out to hear the
vivid and picturesque description of this
late acquisition to the United States and
wore wholly delighted with the treatment
accorded the subject. If a lack may be
noted it Is in the scarcity of the volcano
pictures, but for the rest— and Mr. Holmes
was there durlnp the annexation period—
the splendid festivals of welcome to our
soldiers, the coffee plantations, sugar
cane districts, the delightful surf bathing
(motion pictures), the picturesque natives
and some excellent portraits of Princess
Kaiulani — one a moving picture in the
surf — a sufficient all-round notion of our
new possessions was easily and delight
fully acquired.
The lecture will be repeated on Sunday
evening.
AFTERNOON IN
NEW AMERICA
There is a scheme on foot to utilize one
of the wooden buildings at the Presidio
as a sort of clubroom for the soldiers.
The building near the entrance of the
grounds will probably be moved nearer
the barracks for that purpose.
Siege Battery O, now at the Presidio,
will not go to China, but will probably be
assigned to Honolulu or Fort Mason.
The following acting assistant surgeons
have been assigned to duty at the Gen
eral Hospital awaiting transportation
abroad: John D. Brooks. L. d'Orvilla
Chabut, William J. Condon, Harry A.
Cossltt, U. S. Grant Deaton. Wallace
DeWltt, A. Bruce Henderson. William V.
Kellogg. Howard D. Lewis. James I. Ma
bee, Robert C. Macy, Edwin W. Patter
son, Louis J. Perkins. Wlllard D. Preston,
James C. Rutledge, Calvin D. Snyder.
Twenty-one patients left the General
fiospltal yesterday for treatment in the
Government hospitals at Fort Bayard,
Ariz., and Hot Springs, Ark.
One hospital steward, two acting stew
ards, fifty Hospital Corps privates and
eleven female nurses were yesterday
booked for Nagasaki. They will be as
signed to duty in the new hospital at that
place.
Light Battery C, Seventh Artillery i un
der command of Captain W. P. Stone and
Lieutenants Berry, Newbold and John
son, arrived at the Presidio late Wednes
day night. Light Battery M will arrive
this morning. .
Batteries G, H, K and L of the Third
Artillery, that have been In the Philip
pines for the past two years/ have been
prdered home. These batteries were
among the first troops ordered to tha
Philippines and they have taken a con
spicuous part in most of the important
engagements. Their ranks have been
greatly reduced by sickness and In nearly
every case where this battalion of the
Third has participated In an engagement
some of its men have fallen. The soldiers
of the Third are very well known here,
they having been stationed at the Pre
sidio, where at present is the, headquar
ters of the regiment.
Numbers Greatly Reduced by Sick
ness and Casualties — Arrival
of Light Batteries— More
Doctors for China,
Men of the Third After Two
Years in Manila Will
Enjoy a Rest.
BATTALIOH OF
ARTILLERY IS
ORDERED HOME
Convinced that the woman was a burg
lar Mrs. Coyne bravely seized her ana
lustily shouted for help. While the two
women were struggling the female crook
dropped a bunch of skeleton keys from
under the folds of her wrap. At Uiis
juncture a man, who was a stranger to
Mrs. Coyne, approached Mrs. Coyne and
asked if she needed help. Mrs. Coyne re
plied that the woman was a burglar and
begged him to hold her until she could
return to her own fiat and telephone for
the police. The strange man willingly
consented, and taking the woman by the
arm told her she would have to remain
until a police officer arrived.
While Mrs. Coyne was telephoning to
the sergeant at the O'Farrell-street sta
tion the man and the woman ! hurried
along Steiner street and soon disappeared.
A few minutes later two police officers
arrived, but after an exhaustive searcn
of the neighborhood they were unable lo
obtain a trace of the pair. The skeleton
keys were turned over to the police and
proved to be of unusually fine workman
ship.
Chief Sullivan is satisfied that the man
was a pal of the woman.
Mrs. Mayers returned a short time after
ward and was surprised to find that the
house had been entered during her ab
sence and her husband's diamond stud,
a gold watch and chain and some other
articles of Jewelry stolen.
A few days after the burglary Mr. May
ers and his family went to the country
to spend their vacation. Fearing a second
visit from the mysterious burglar ivlr.
Mayers asked a Mrs. Coyne, who lives in
the upper flat, to keep a watch on the
house. While Mrs. Coyne was doing some
sewing a few days after the Mayers had
left the city, she was suddenly startled by
a peculiar noise in the flat occupied by
the Mayers. She hurried downstairs to
find a woman in black leaving the flat.
Her latest victim Is C. Mayers, who has
charge of the Jewelry department of the
Emporium and who lives at Fell and
Steiner streets. On two occasions has
the female burglar entered his house and
carried away valuable booty. On her first
visit she • opened the front door with a
skeleton key while Mrs. Mayers was
downtown purchasing provisions. . After
thoroughly searching the house she left
by the rear entrance without being seen.
The police are anxiously searching for
a woman burglar who has been operating
with considerable success in various parts
of the city. She is generally dressed in
black and judging from her work she
possesses all the methods of the up-to
date housebreaker.
Apprehended as She Is Leaving the
" Flat, but Escapes "With, the
Aid of a Male Accom
plice.
Female Crook Enters Fell-
Street House and Steals
Some Jewelry.
POLICE ARE ON
THE LOOKOUT FOR
WOMAN BURGLAR
a product of our country. It is true that •
Sir Robert Walpole before the middle of |
the last century organized party govern
ment in England, hut the machinery of
parties was very crude 1W years ago. In
our own country we have constructed
since 1S00 the most perfect system of |
party organization, in theory, which ex
ists In the world. Our plan of erecting a
series of nominating conventions and ex- !
ecutive committees on a. basis of party
primaries is unimpeachable in principle,
and this elaborate system la a typical de- ¦
velopment of this century.
Political Parties and the Civil Service j
In the evolution of party machinery to !
operate free government every country [
passes through an era when the spoils
system runs riot. The early English par
ties inherited the spoils system from the
regime of personal monarchy, which the
party system displaced. The King was ,
often moved by other considerations than i
those of fitness in bestowing office, and It I
was not unnatural that when political par
ties took the appointing power from the
monarch they should follow the royal ex
ample in bestowing patronage. In Amer
ica the spoils system crept into the poll
tics'of some of the States, notably New
York very early in our history, but It dltl
not invade the Federal system until the
time of Jackson. -
Like other evil?, the spoils system pro
vokes reaction by excess. In England a
democracy of growing Intelligence de
manded the merit system about the
middle of the century, and In America a
generation later an outraged people began
to move on the spoilsmen. Great Britain
has completely purged her civil service j
of the taint of spoils: we have made an j
excellent beginning in this country. The
victories of civil service reform in these
and other countries must surely be reck
oned among the most important govern
mental achievements" of our century.
Ballot v . Reform.
Another political product of our era la
the secret ballot system. From one point
of view this may seem too trivial to cite
in this rapid review of political develop
ment, but since free and fair elections are
the only sure foundation of popular gov
ernment the introduction of a plan which
guarantees such elections must be regard
ed as one of the notable political events
of our time. — .
Some Radical Proposals.
Two important and far-reaching modi
fications of political practice have been
eagerly discussed during the closing years
of our century, but they have received
practical application only on a very small
scale. These are the initiative and refer
endum and proportional representation.
The system of initiative and referendum,
which represents the closest possible ap
proach to pure democracy, has been suc
cessfully applied In Switzerland for many
years and has been used to a very slight
extent In local government elsewhere.
The plan of proportional representation,
which aims to secure accurate reflection
of all distinct shades of public opinion in
Painter Falls From a X.adder.
i "William Fagan of 223 Fourth street fell
from a ladder In the storeroom of a house
owned by Timothy Sheehan on Stevenson
street yesterday afternoon- Fagan is a
ship carpenter and painter. He ha.1
climbed the ladder to get some stuff that
was stored on a shelf when he lost hu
hold and fell, striking the sharp edge ot
an ash barrel. Fagan was taken to tha
Emergency Hospital. His leg was badly
cut and he received serious internal In
juries.
Party Machinery.
In the applicatian of the theory of dem
ocratic government which has character
ized the period under review the organiza
tion of political parties has been the chief
factor. The party machine, with all Its
notable virtues and Its manifold vices, is
(Concluded.)
Modern Monarchies.
The century has witnessed the birth of
two great powers of Europe through a
process of unification of unimportant
States which had hitherto been bound to
gether by ties of blood and common racial
traditions. These are Germany and Italy.
Until our century a German nation was
simply a dream of patriots of common lan-'
gunge and instincts. But through the
genius of Stein and Bismarck the dream
has materialized In a great federal mon- I
archy, with an Emperor whose large pre
rogative is overshadowed by the supreme
will of the people as expressed in Parlia
ment.
Meantime the states of the Italian pen
insula have been welded together by Vic
tor Emmanuel, by Count etivour and by j
Garibaldi, and another monarchy' of the
modern type has taken its place among j
the great powers. In these monarchies j
and in all others of Europe save the
mighty Btate of half-civilized Russia the
spirit of the century has inspired the peo
ple to demand and to exact by revolution
if necessary a liberal measure of self
government through a representative Par
liament.
a community, has just been adopted In
Belgium and Is in operation in a small
way in a few other places. But the gen
eral realization of these newer plans for
the Improvement of democracy must fis
ure as one of the pojltical achievements
of the twentieth century. The nineteenth
can claim only the conception of the Ideas
and the discussion of the ideals.
The Municipal Problem.
The briefest review of tho century wbuM
bo woefully incomplete if It did not men
tion the new and puzzling element which,
has been injected into the governmental
problem by the- recent marvelous growth
of great cities. The statistics of the re
markable growth of city population have
been quoted so often that it la not neces
sary to cite them here. The facts are*
familiar to all. Many of the problems pre
sented by the government of these great
masses of densely crowded city dwell«rs
are as yet unsolved even In theory. We
are still experimenting with the organiza
tion of city government, and we have ar
rived at no agreement regarding the scope
of the duties which the city should per
form. The tendency at present la totvarrt
a wider and wider field of municipal ac
tivity.
Growing Importance of Government.
And this Introduces us to the final con
sideration in this review — the development
of the functions of government during tho
last 100 years. As we survey the* govern
mental field from this point of view we
note that our century, especially the lat
ter half, has been marked by a rapid in
crease of the duties undertaken by public
authorities. In 1800 the duties of govern
ment were comparatively few and simple.
It was expected to do little except protect
life and property. Bat as the modern in
dustrial system developed It became evi
dent that the scope of public authority
would have to be extended to the regu
lation of industry in the interest of the
weaker classes. The factory acts of
England furnish an excellent illustration
of this extension of function. Gradually
this interference with what formerly was
purely private- business has increased.
Governments have undertaken Industrial
enterprises, such as railroads, telegraphs
and telephones. At the same time public
supervision of private business has been
.extended in many directions. The recent
growth of great combinations has given
Impetus to this movement, for the peonlo
have become alarmed at the possibilities
of abuse of the tremendous power wield
ed by corporation managers, and have ap
pealed to the Government for protection
through public regulation.
Meantime the growth of great cities has
made new demands for the extension of
public activity within the municipality.
The distinctively monopolistic services.
i such as street railways and lighting:
plants, are now operated by many cities,
and even where the operation is In pri
vate hands the municipality exercises
i strict control in all intelligent communl
i ties. Moreover, municipal authorities are
i now assuming responsibility for the prop
1 er bousing of the poorer citizens, for the
i care of their health and for the provision
i of recreation. Thus both the general and
| the local governments have occupied
' fields of usefulness far wider than those
I of 100 years ago and. the process of ex
! tension is still polng on with apparently
I Increasing rapidity.
New Responsibilities of Democracy.
It is apparent, then, at the close of the
century that the social forces are eon
j spiring to make government more and
I more vital to the citizen. Thus the re
sponsibilities of democracy, which have
! already increased so greatly, are becom
] ins heavier each year. But a review of
i the history of the last hundred years af
i fords ground for a rational confidence
that these responsibilities will be squarely
! met and successfully discharged. There
• has been much diacusslon lately of tha
I weaknesses of democracy and Its possl-
J h!e failure to respond to the increased de
mands upon itB intelligence which the
more complicated governmental system
of our day is making. Especially In
[ America thf-ro is much pessimistic com-
I parison of the depravity of the present
I with the simple virtues of the past. Tha
| s-tatesmen of the early days of the re-
I public viewed through the haze of dls
| tance are transfigured and the men who
chose these paragons to administer their
Government share by reflection tne glory
of their leaders. B;_t the historian who
is under no illusions writes most vtvid
fssays on the political depravity of the
fathers. It is, unhappily, true that It la
not necessary to search very long In the
political rystera of even the most en
lightened nations of our day to discover
glaring defects. But a careful and candid
examination of the politics of our fore
fathers reveals shortcomings and positive
evils of so much more serious nature
j than those we wrestle with that the ob
j server becomes very hopeful for the fu
ture as he marks the progress of the past.
FREDERIC W. SPEIRS.
Philadelphia.
¦ • ¦ ¦ _________________ • .
COMPARATIVE STUDIES OP TWO CENTURIES.
THE PROGRESS OF GOVERNMENT IN 100 YEARS.
Copyright, 1909, by Ssymour Eaton.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
Six. white men and one "coon" were cap
tured yesterday in the building out of
which "the Harbor Commissioners "some
day" hope to make a room for the re
porters of the daily papers. The hobos
got in through a broken window and made
a home in the attic. Three of the men
had sums ranging from $15 to ?20 on them
when searched at the Harbor police sta
tion.
The fishermen made another catch of a
lat-talled shark yesterday. 'The fish is
12Vi feet long, but the body only measures
about four feet, while the tail takes up the
remainder of the measurement. Joe Bar
low captured the fish, and he tells a blood
curdling but impossible story of the evtnt.
Water Front Notes.
The bark Merom of the Alaska Packers'
Association licet is a mnst unfortunate
vessel. Stanchly built and well found,
she yet perms to play In hard luck all the
time. Some years ago sue left here in
charge of a captain who said he knew the
Alaskan coast. After months spent In
searching for his port of entry he came
back to San Francisco, acknowledging
that he had got lost in Bering Sea. Alter
that the Merom met with h number of
mishaps, but she was purchased by the
Alaska Packers' Association and has
proved herself a valuable vessel.
On this last occasion, however, her usual
ill luck returned. While making port in
Bristol Bay she ran on a sandbar and
sprang a leak. She came back to San
Francisco In ballast and yesterday went
on to the drydock. Then it was found
that not a timber had been started, but
that the vessel had run forward on her
anchor and when hard and fast on the
bar had settled down on the anchor that
had been let go to chock her. The fluke
of the anchor pierced her quarter and the
unusual pressure broke It off. It was this
large piece of iron piercing her side that
made thn Merom leak an inch an hour
and caused her return to San Francisco.
Troubles of the Mercm.
The Harbor Commissioners held a spe
cial session yesterday to consider the
question of wharf room for Uncle Sam's,
transports. Among those present were:
Commissioners Kilburn, Harney and Her
old, E. R. Dimond and A. Chesebrough,
representing the firm of Williams, Dimond
& Co., and Colonel Long, U. S. A., and
Captain Barneson, representing the army
transport service.
The question before the board was the
growing necessities of the army transport
service and the need of more dock room.
Colonel Long Bald it was impossible to
carry on the service as things were at
present. The transports were scattered
from one end of the front to me other and
It made- the work of loading them very
"he question of assigning the Govern
ment the new Howard-street AY harf No. 3.
now nearlng completion, came up. Cora,
mlssioner Herola pointed out that the
structure was only 453 feet long and that
many of the transports would overlap it
by manv feet. Mr. Chesebrough explained
tne position of Williams, Dimond &. Co.
in the matter. While the nrm has re
ceived no direct promise trom the Com
missioners that the American-Hawaiian
Steamship Company would have the use
of Howard 3, still they had based their
calculations on getting the use of tne
"Nevertheless," said Mr. Chesebrough.
"recognizing the fact that the transport
service has been a good thing for San
Francisco, we are willing to lorego our
mythical claim to the wharf and taKe our
, chances elsewhere."
The posslUlities of Harrison street and
Steuart street wharves were then sug
gested. Colonel Ixmg and Captain Bar
neson did not want the Harrison-street
wharf, even though the fact was ad
vanced that a shed was to be built over
it. Then Steuart street was consicieiecl,
and the chances are that the Government
will find its supplemental accommodation.
Colonel Long had to leavo the meeting
during the atternoon, so Captain Barne
son served as his representative. He.
Commissioner Herold. Chief Kngineer
I Holmes and Chief Wharflnger Henderson
| visited Steuart-street wharf, and the gen
eral opinion was that it could be made
into an ideal transport wharf. The prop
osition is to extend it 300 feet and Duild a
shed over the entire length. The Govern*
ment wants warehouses and a number of
people who own land in the vicinity ot
Spear and Steuart streets are willing to
! erect buildings, so that the chances for
the selection of Steuart street as a second
Government wharf seem to be good.
Steuart-Street Wharf Will Probably
Ba Lengthened ,Three Hundred
Feet to Meet Increased
Demand.
Government Transport Ser
\ vice to Get Additional
Dock Space.
FROM
SEA
AND
SHORE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 24, 1900.
The Criminal Little Bcneilcencln Publlca
Co. of San Francisco. Numbers
for Auiust 23. 1900.
No. 14.4SC wins $3750. sold in Ban Francisco,
Cal.; No. 22,S?e wins $1250, • sold in San Fran
cisco. CaL: No. 42.479 wins $625. eold In San
Francisco, Cal.: Nob. £816, 10,029, 64,209, 70,518
and 76.410 each win ?62 50, Bold la San Fran
cisco. Cal. . •
Engine 35 and truck S were called by a
still alarm at 5:30 yesterday afternoon to
a blazing shed in the rear of Herring's
mill, on Brannan street. There are plan
ing mills aJl around this district. Includ
ing those of C. W. Burgess and W. J.
Little. The lire started in a kettle of tar
and quickly spread to the shed. But for
its prompt discovery a bad fire might
have resulted, as all the buildings in the
neighborhood are of an Inflammable ma.
terial. The cause of the fire is a mys
tery. There "had been no tire in the tar
kettle for several days. The kettle had
been placed close 'to the shed, so that the
flames set fire to it immediately.
Herring's Mill Afire.
SHE United Nationa' Association of
Postofflco Clerks '. ,iil hold its an
nual convention in Atlantic City,
New Jersey, on September 3. The
representative from the Pacific
Coast will be H. J. Caveney, secretary of
the San Francisco branch. ->.;.;;.•'
Mr. Caveney has performed good work
in organizing the clerks in first, and
second class offices on the coast. In re
cognition of his services in that respect
he was last year elected third vice presi
dent* of the national association. J
The convention will consider several
matters of interest to the clerks, prin
cipally ' their classification bill introduced
during the last session of Congress, the
postofflce clerks being the only branch
of the postal service not classified.
Mr. Caveney was accompanied across
the bay by a large delegation of his fel
low clerks when he started for the East
last Wednesday night. .
The officers of the San Francisco branch
of the United National Association of
Postofflce Clerks are: J. "W. Burson. presi
dent; G. M. Michael, vice president; H. J.
Caveney, secretary: W.E. Read, financial
secretary: J. H.Donohoe., treasurer; G. P.
Feely, - sergeant-at-anna: - executive com
mittee—J.W. Burson, H. J. Caveney, J.
H. Donohoe, E. F. . Donnelly, and j. e.
Vawac ¦ ' ""— — " . -.._
Albert G. De Vincent to Assume Man
agement of the Bee Hive.
On the 25th prox. Mr. A. G. De Vincent,
prominent in shoe circles, will be given
the management of the Bee Hive Shoe
Company, located at 717 Market street
near Third. This establishment will have
the absolute agency for the celebrated
"Ultra" shoe, now so popular and ex
tensively worn throughout the Eastern
States. •
7
BISMARCK.
H. J. CAVENEY.
L
! SPECIAL VALUES
| WILL BE PLACED ON SALE
! _ —THIS DAY. =
! LADIES' BLACK CLOTH CAPES, Thibet trimmed, 23
> inches long, value for $6.00, will be offered (h*\ ft ft
! at OUiUU
\ LADIES' TAILOR - MADE JACKETS in Tans and
( Browns, value for $10.00, will be offered 0r (\f\
\ ;t ... OJ.UU
[ LADIES' TAILOR - MADE SUITS, value for A 4 «7r
I $8.00, will be offered at Q*Tj | J
• 1146 Market Street.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
preat Mexican remedy; gives health i and
Btrcngth to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
DR. CSOSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cure of .GONOKRHOEA. GLEET8.
STRICTURES and anala_o_s complaints ul the
Cr;rans of Generation.
Price tl a bottle. For sal* by drugKUU.
DDTTCU17Q FOR barbers, bak-
X>iriU OiTJDO r ". bootblacks, hnth-
houses. billiard tables
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flourmllli-, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, paln'.srs. shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCnANAN BROf%.
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St.
§V!M, VIGOR. VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PII.LS
have been in u*e over fifty
years by the leaders of tho
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cures the
v/cret cases in old ami young
arising from cfTects of self-
. atu.«e, dissipation, excesses or
clffan-tte-smoklnfr. Cures Lflst
Manhood. Impotency, Lost
Power. Xlgrht r#o*se5. Insom-
nia. Pains in Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Dt-bility. Headache. UnfUness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen. -_, _—^ Varicocele or Con-
Fttpatlin. stops ne *"* fj rvous Twitching
or Eyelids. Effects 2?Z£fLa. r e Immediate.
Impart viror end*" fc< * T 5» potency to every
function. Don't _et despondent; a cure is at
hand. Restores small. unde\-eloped organs.
Btlmulatt-s the brain and nerve centers- 50c a
box: 6 for J2 50 by mail. A written fniarantee to
cure or money refunded with 6 boxes Circulars
free. AdOrefs BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis
et., Pan Francisco. Cal., GRANT DRUG CO
SH and 40 Third tu
DR. WONG WOO. Chinese Tea
E*__r*?_l and H'-rb Sanitarium. 764-706
W Clay »t.. cor. Brenham place,
¦dC_ a San" Francisco, Cal. All diseases
fI_T 9 curM exclusively by Chinese
wJC 1 - hexb_ Advice free. Hours. 9
y^y_. to 11 a. in.. 1 to 3 and 7 to S
fffljrfc'Zw? P Vo l 'wborn It May Concern:
fifAtli&SvP Tl:i« l« to certify that I. the
itfvrsirned. have been Brffertnsr from . Chronic
jT'-umatiEm for over three years, which finally
t^ww severs that about 7 months a*o I was
_«rtr.nabi?to walk. After trying everything
w'thrut rectivlnir the gllchte*t relief. I was at
Talt induced to consult DS. WONG WOO. who.
after « seven-months' treatment, has now com-
pletriy cured me of Rheumatism. GEORGE
SCHEREIt. US Landers rt.
I
MEDICAL. . /
_&SSC€IVEi_Y
FOR THE
BLQQP,Py_ER.HgJMGS.-|
,. v 4?^?>'!_*^ l ?*/ r <M g K 'S '* " ¦ fccn-pcJser'np
**___»<*_^ t r^<_eK ppaLe -l r tor _o_orrlKp£
jf&E^cCilBJ>y^S <\!net. 5 perna t orrhwt.
/?Ss< in 1 1-. i4s."*.>tj »? h:!*i. on__tt:ral Ji*
»vS<-y Cs^J»oit<l Xj f-Jjargc«, or any lnflr*rrn_'
{-.<•» B E-t k> etrUtaro. lk.ii. jrrltfttkis or Uijr-r*.
t -<«_rf:uTri.u occt»irioo. tion of tnncocs mesv
g__jJTHEErm CHE¥]f «t Co. fcranee. «o_-_atrincen_
%afiac!K&KK*n.o .__£_{ *•*< *»y _»r-_»_rtfi,
<VfV*\. v " k >**** or vrit !d Plain wr3?r*r.
b )' - l r r *» f i prcpai.i. f_
k 1A/. T. HESS.
t&i&Y PCSI.I3 -N3 _5'TCRK_r-AT-:,_-.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Class Spreckcls Bids.
Telephone Brown i'JL
neeiCerxe. £21 callfcrnia tt.. below Powell,
b_a Francisco. :
k ( 1
And i!ght dressings of CUTICURA, purest of
emollient skin cures. This treatment at once
stops failing hair, removes crusts, scales, and
dandruff, soothes irritated, itching surfaces,
stimulates the hair follicles, supplies the roots
with energy and nourishment, and makes the
hair grow upon a sweet, wholesome, healthy
scalp when all else fails.
Millions of Women
Use Cctccura. Soap exclusively for preserving, purifying, and beautifying
the 6kln, for cleansing the scalp of crusts, scales, and dandruff, and the stop-
ping of falling hair, for softening, whitening, and healing, red, rough, and
sore hands, In the form of baths for annoying irritations and chaftngs, or
too free or offensive perspiration, in the form of washes for ulceralive weak-
nesses, and for many antiseptic purposes which readily suggest themselves
to women, and especially mothers, and for all the purposes of the toilet,
\ bath, and nursery. No amount of persuasion can induce those who have once
osedittou&e any other, especially for preserving and purifying the skin,
scalp, and hair of infants and children. Cuticcra Soap combines delicate
emollient properties derived from Ccticcra, the great skin cure, with the
purest of cleansing Ingredients, and the most refreshing of flower odors. No
other medicated soap ever compounded is to be compared with it for pre-
serving, purifying, and beautifying the pkin, scalp, hair, and hands. No
other foreign or domestic toilet soap, however expensive, is to be compared
with It for all the purposes of the toilet, bath, and nur3ery. Thus it com-
bines, In One Soap at Oke Price, viz., Twexty-five Cents, the best
6kin and complexion soap, the best toilet and best baby soap in the world.
All that has boen said of CtmccaA Soap may be said with even greater emphasis
of ConccaA Ointment, the most delicate, and yet most effective of emollients, and
greatest of skin cures. Its use in connection with Cuticitba Soap (as per directions
arooad each package), in the "Onb Night Coke for Sobk Haxds," in tho
" Ijtstast Relief Treatment fob DisnouaiNQ Itchings and Irritations,"
and in many uses too numerous to mention, is sufficient to prove its superiority
over all other preparations for the skin.
_fiW8n_ii'a Cs(Ii p!et8 External anil interns! Treatment for every Humor,
5 I J E_kt_t BJ-Jl O r oa«i»tir.|j of Ccticuha Soap (25c.). to clean™- tha oliln cf cn:»l« cad
>_?** w w__w <_u Bn ,i « o flrn the tbiclsened cnticle, Cuticuua OlNTXENT (60c.),
._ . e*»* ci OR to instantly all»y itching, Inflammation, and Irritation, nnd •oothe and
TflO Seij Ol .-CO heal, and Ccticcba Insolvent -SOci, to cool nod clfante the blood.
A SDfGLIS EffT It often enfflcient to cure the mow tortm-ln*. dUB^rinc, »nd humiliating skin,
¦c-tp. -t»d blood humor*, with lo»« of hair, when all else fall*. Potter Drdo and Obbx.
Com-., Bote I*rop»., no«ton. - All -bout the 8k»n, Scalp, and Hair," free.
ADVERTISEMENTS.On the morning session of .the Bond Ex
change' Giant Powder sold from $.«4 75 down
to $S1 Business was quiet.
The market continued dull In the afternoon,
with a further decline in Giant Powder to
i;The' oil stocks were featureless.
STOCK AND BONDVrcXCIIANGE.
THURSDAY, Aug. 23— 2 d. m.
Bid. Ask. I . Bid. Ask.
U B Bonds— Equit G L Co. 3»i 3<i
4s nuar coup..H5 116 IMutunl El Co. 10V; 11
4s do reg 115 H« O G L & H..., 43^ 49V 4
4s do cs new.. 133 133%}Pac Gas Imp.. 50?i 51%
4s ouar coui->..10J WiflnPac 1> Co ' UVj —
MlscWlaneous— Sac El GA-PCo 27^i —
Cal-st Cab Ds.lWH — |B F G & K.... 53V4 —
C C Water as. 106% — ,San Francisco. 5 6U
Ed L & F tia.lZiVi — jStkn G & E Co 10 ¦ —
F &. Cl Ry 6s. 115 — j Insurance—
Gearj'-st R 5s. — 90 {Flrem's Fund.227 —
II t: Si S 5VtS. — — Bank Stocks—
Do 5s.;...... — 101 lAngio-Cal Ltd. 68 —
LA Ry 5s 107 10714 Bank of Cal.. — . 4124
L<A.Lt Co 6s — — jCal S D & T..105 —
Do cntd 8s.. — — First- Nationl.275 —
L A gntd 5s. .100 102^4 Lcn P & A.. ..134% —
L A P R R os- — — Merchants' Ex 15 — .
Market-st *». .127^1SO Nev Nat Bk.. — — "
Do lst-M 5r.119«4120 s*av»nrs Banks—
N 1: N G It is — — Ger.S &H..1S60 1950
N K of Cal Cs.ll-! — Hum K & L... — _
Ho 5s HSU — Mut Sav Bk.. 43 —
N I* <! It It 6s. 1'" — 3 !'' S;iv U....307 -
Do 5s ..106*4 — ?av & L So.... 74 78
N Cal Ky is.. — UUa **c Sav Bk — •.—
oak <VL & 11.111 .III T Co.... — —
Oak Tran 6s...H7'.i — Street Railroads—
UaK W .l>5t«13-i - : 10-1-5, California ....123 —
Oceanic S Co. .107 107U Grar>-st 50 —
Oni C Ky 6s. ..127 — ;Market-st . 64 63
P & Cl Ry Ca-USVi — O S L* &. H-... — 45
P &; O It "11 Cs.tlS — 'PresidloVT — 22j*
Powoll-Ft K fis.lCO — Powder Stocks-
Sac El G&RSs. 90% — California ....IS lRJVi
S F & SJV'Ss.119 — Giant Con Co. S3U S4
S R or Cal ¦6J.U1HUIS V'igorlt .... 3 3U
S P o' \*6s.:.lll'i — Sviar . Stocks —
S P C.e«!(inO5) — — Hana S *' '-i. -7*1 S
nh (iccfi) ....H2Vj — .' "n" f* /•**¦> s; — :
Do' (1912) . ...llU ¦ -r Honokaa • 23J4 —
THE STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. Aug. 23. T Earl Fruit Company's
sales of California fruit: Grapes— Tokay, Jl 35
|Q1 85 single crate; Muscat, S0c@|l 10. ' Pears—
Hartlett. $1 5O52 40 box. 60ciS$l half box.
Peaches — Orange Cling, 70c@$l 15 box; Late
Crawford, $1 20®l 25. Plums— Kelsey Japans,
fi.">c(g$l 30 single crate: Yellow Egg, $1 10U1 3-,'
I'runes— Gros. £0c@$l 2o single crate; Gorman'
average $1 20. "
Porter Brothers Company's sales: Pears
. nartlett. $1 5O'g2 23 box and 9Uc@Jl 25 half box
Prunes— Gros. 90c single crate. Plums— Kelsey
Japans, 40c single crate; Golden Drop 75 C
Grapes— Tokay, $1 30©l 75 single crate; Muscat'
$125. Eleven cars of fruit sold to-day ' '
CHICAGO. ¦• Aug. 23.-Porter Brothers Com
pany e sales of California fruit: Pears— Bart
lelt. $1 4K72 20 box and S5c@» 10 half box
Peaches— Crawford. $1 Oa^l 10 box; Late Crawl
ford, tl 15; Albright, 65W9oc; Salway, |l 10^1 15
Prunes.— Hungarian, 70c©$l 20 - single crate-
Grcs, 75@SOc. ; Plums— Kelsey, 4OS6Oc slncie
crate; Patsuma, 4S@5Oc. ='"Kie
Earl Fruit Company's sales: Plums-A'olum-
Ma. SOfzSOo single crate: Yellow Egg, vOrffsiv
I'runes — German, average 95c single crate
Seven cars of fruit sold to-day. • •
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO,- Aug. 23. — CATTLE — Receipts
9300. Including 2500 Westerns and 800 Texans!
Native steers, steady; Westerns and Texans
stoady to slow. Natives— Good to prime steers
$5 40tj6; poor to medium, t* 55@5 35- selected
feeders, $4*/4 75; mixed stockers, $3 25«3 o,v
cows, fi G3@4 40; heifers, |3@5: canners $2®
2 CO; bulls slow, $2 5fl<S4 40; calves, $4 S01J6 50
(Texas fed steers. M 15@5; grass ; steers, 13 -Ktm
! 4; bulls. $3 £0©4 25. i-*"™
HOtiS—Keceipts to-day, 22,000; estimated for
to-morrow, M.OOO; left over. 4r>00. Top, S3 52H
mixed and butchers, $4 95@5 45; good to choice
heavy. VtfiL i(S; rough heavy, $4 8o©4 95;' light
S5 l.-.ifrr> C2V-: biflk of sales, $3 12 Wi Z 35.
. SHEEP- Ilecelpts, 11,000. Sheep. steady
lambs, steady to strong. Good to choice weth
ers, $3 6391: fair to choice mixed, $3 &fo3 65;
Western !>.heep, $3 2303 75;' Texas sheep J2MJB
3 50; native lambs, $4<?4 25; Western lambs
J4 7C@5 25. ¦ •-..) .¦¦ ¦ >;- __¦-
. New York Metal Market. .
''¦">--..- ¦¦¦.¦.
NEW YORK, Aug. 23.— Tin . took a firmer
course to-day on Increased demand and better
news from abroad. ; The 'ether - departments,
howeier, ruled dull and weak, with prices tend-
Sun rises 5:32
Sun sets 6:51
Moon rises, new 5:02 a. m.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— ; Sept. Dec.
Opening 511 - 6 OH
Closing B 11% 6 IVi
PARIS.
Wheat- Aug. Nov. -Feb.
Opening 20 25 2165
Closing 20 10 2140
Flour —
Opening 26 35 27 90
Closing 26 15 27 70
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successivn tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition tn the soundings on the
United States Const Survey charts, except
when a minus sign f— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of th» lower low waters.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort roJnt. entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. ¦
NOTE— The hlRh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
FRIDAY. AUGUST 24.
New York Stock Market.
NEW TOIiK. Aug. 23.— Business on the Stock
Kx'har.Ke to-day was again of small propor
tions. Some irregularity occurred in the move
ment of :>rices and net changes showed about
an even distribution of km!1 sains and losses.
movements were under way in individ
ual i-tocKs, but their tendency ex^rcls-eii no ef- 1
l>-ct on the general list. Stocks which have
tcndfii upward recently continued in that direc
tion to-day, particularly Consolidated Gas. New j
Jtr»py Central and St. I»uis Southwestern, j
The latier was taken on re;»)rts of a I'lfMtil.; !
dividend on tho preferred nock, but the cum- !
Btoo cbatea also roac a point. While no cjr- I
rol>cra.tion ha. been made regarding the re
futed deal In New Jersey Central, that etook J
rrioved uji fK>% polntJ and retained a net gain j
or » 4 . At no time during the day was taeic j
eny indication of str>-nt;th in the Western roll- 1
r>-a<is. whir h were inc!in»ii to sag on reports |
of damatjr ;o ihe corn crap in Kansas. Liijui- j
dation «Jeve!opea in American Ice on talk that 1
Interests said to b» connected with the prop
erty were liifqxitStis of their holdings. An ex
treme lofs of 2'A occurred, but almost imme
tflateiy it ¦ was recovered in the closing deal
ings. Arbitrage houses ceased trading .early, |
bat KM about jCX> shares of various stocks.
A bi«1 of 2 per cr.t was made for call money
late in the afternoon, but there were n*> trans
actions at that rat«-. Haslness through >ut the
<i;»y was at the recently ruling "fr'ires of l',i
<?l\s >j*t rent. Keducti. ns in various grades
r-f so:t fitruros had no ma'erla! effect on the
price of sugar which flsrured for dealings I
at lets than WO fh:r»». In th» last half hour ;
ihe iiric*'* yield«r-i and the close v.as easy in ¦
tcn<?. !
The feature of the bond market to-day was I
the Vayy absorption of *:t. Louis Southwest- I
«>rn firM^ind second, which sained l 1^ i>rr <-ent. I
Total S'alw". par value, II . ZUo.O**'. United States'
Government U-jnat* were unchanged in bid
l-ricef.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST. !
Shares Closing 1
I- Id. Stock— IHd. -
GO* Atch'.S'in 27 |
770 Atrhi:»<n j.r«-rd 7(«ij, J
¦•¦<i V.aHiir,«re a- Ohio 72
iuo «'anadlnn l'if'.fic j.ji; j
... '.'anada Southern 49' :
2^10 Chr*ai«-ake & Ohio 27 1 ;
... Chicago Great Wotern ],',s 4
;.*0 <:hicaM<i, Burlinrton & Wulncj- 12,-,^
... t.hica^go, lnd & MJOlsDUic 22
J0O *'hicaco. Irid & LouUtill* prefd.... h?.
... Chicago & Eastern Illinois &614
100 Chicago & Kortitweuter* lC2'j
... OiicaKO, IUicU. island & Pacific,.. .I06Vi
joo C C C te st Ix>uts :...... ;s
fitd Colorado Southern ft
£•0 i'olorado Southern 1st jirefd 42 *
... Colorado Southern 2d prefd is
Delaware & Hud«on. 112
ViO IXiaware, Larjk & Western 17S
:vO nea*-er & Itio Grnnrte nK
Denver & Itio Grande prefd GC\
K>» ICrie l r < r 4
i;rie JM prefd SJ'.i
Great Northern prefd 152
Horking Onal Ktii
:.7O Hocking VrtMey. si-i, j
500 lo'wa'ontral 18*4 I
........ Iowa Central preM «3 j
Kansas City. I'lttsburg & Gulf l.Vi
100 Litke Erie i \\>Ktern Js' s
Luhe Krie & W««tern prefd 92
I-ake Shore ; -Si)S
4Wl Ivmisvilie Jt Nanhvlfle ' 1T4
4i«> Manhatlan Elevated 91 T i
yv» Metr'»rK)liian Street Railway 1»3\
Mexican Central 11*4
jr^i Minneapolis & St Louis &<»
Mlnner.jxills & St I^ouls prefd. P3H
1,800 Ml>;*ourl Pacific 51
Mobile & Ohio 37 ,
Sun, Moon and Tide.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Offlce. V. S. N.. Mer-
chants' Exchange, San Franclaco, Cal..
August 23. 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
i. e- at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. 9. X.. In charge. '
ALASKA
Notice to Mariners.
Notice Is hereoy given of the following
changes made in the buoyage of Alaskan
waters, which affect the "List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast, 1900:"
Ward Cove, Tongass Narrows — Bolles ledg»
buoy No. 2. page 81, a red third-class nun
was established August 10 In 12 feet of water,
about 10 feet to the westward of the ledge.
Tangent on eastern shore near entrance 10
cove S. H W., tangent on western shore near
entrance to cove SSW. T 4 -W., nearest noint on
western shore W. by N.
Tongas* Narrows — California rock buoy, page
81, a red and black horizontally striped second
clasa can, was changed August 9 from a seo
ond-clasa nun to a second-class can, without
change in location.
Frederick Sound— Wlndham Bay Narrows
buoy No. 1, a black third-class can, was es
tablished August 4 In S3 feet of water, and
marks the end of the ledge making out E. 54
X. from the western shore of the narrows of
Wlndham Bay. Right tangent to eastern shore
NE. % E., left tangent to nearest point on
eastern shore S. by \V., nearest point on west
ern shore W. »4 S., distant about 4S0 feet.
Lynn Canal, page £3 — Katsehin Klver flats
buoy No. 2. a red nrst-class nun. was changed
July 31 from a second-class Ice to a first-class
nun buoy, without change In location.
Indian Rock buoy, a red and. black horizon
tally striped second-class can," was changed
July 31 from a second-class nun to a second
class can buoy, without change In location.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
W. P. DAY.
Commander, U. S. N.. Lighthouse Inspector.
Offlce of V. S. Lighthouse Inspector. Portland,
Or., August 21. 1900^
CHICAGO. Aug. 2S.— September wheat opened
a shade up at 73%(373*ic. Liverpool showed a
%®%d advance. Heavy rains In the Northwest
were reported as Interfering with harvesting
and the traders generally expected a falling oft
in primary receipts in the near future. In the
face of this the opening figures were a disap
pointment. The cause of this unresponsive at
titude of the market was to be found in sell-
Ing by outside people through, commission
houses. In disgust local traders followed the
outside lead and September dropped early to
73Vic. Later the pressure of an export demand
began to be felt. This started the market up
ward and early sellers turned buyers, but
found offers very' scarce. September rallied
sharply to 74%c and closed strong HSXc higher
at 7i**<ff74»<.c.
Improvement In the weather, as viewed from
the standpoint of corn raisers, caused consid
erable liquidation In that cereal. September
closed H®14c down at 39H<?33Hc.
Oats were again under the depressing Influ
ence of September liquidation. September
clr.sed Vig^ic lower at 21*i i '321¥ L c.
Provisions were dull early, ' but later some
activity was stirred up by a cash demand,
particularly for lard and ribs. This, in view
of the scarcity of cured meats, caused a
stronger feeling In the pit. September pork
closed 7Hc higher, lard 2Hc better and ribs 6c
improved.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— !
August 73\i 74% 73H 74%
September 73?i 74^ 73>i 74Vi !
October ?4% 75V4 74V 75H i
Corn No. 2—
AUgUSt . .... »9T£
September 3914 39V4 3S 7 * 39Vi
October 3SH 38^ • 37* 4 33'i
Cats No. 2— i
August 2ni 21»£ 21H 21>i
September 21Tfc 21% 21H 21*i,
October 22V4 22V4 21% 22H
Mess Pork, rer barrel —
September 1100 U 02H 10 97^4 11024
October ..10 95 1110 10 90 11 07Vi
January ..-. 11 00 11 12V4 10 97H 1110
Lard, per 100 pounds —
September 6 67V> 6 72VJ 6 67«4 6 72U
October 6 72^ 6 77^ 6 72H 6 77V*
January 6 47H 6 52& 6 47^ 6 52Vi
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
September- 6 97H 7 05 6 97V4 7 05 *
October 6 924 7 00 6 924 7 00
January 5 874 5 90 6 874 5 DO
Cash cuotatlona r.-ere as follows:
Flour, firm; No. 3 spring wheat, 724c; No. 2
red. 744-5 75c: No. 2 com. 394©39%o: No. 2
, yellow. 41<340V«c: No. 2 oats. 22«4c; No. 2 white,
Z%if t <lfH\c; No. 3 white. 23^i^25c; good feeding
barley, r,€<^3Sc; fair to choice malting, 41<j?46c;
No. 1 flax seed, Jl 39; No. 1 Northwestern, Jt 40;
prime timothy seed, J3 85@3 95; mess pork, per
barrel, Jliail 05; lard, per 100 pounds. JS 70©
6 724: short ribs sides (loose). $6 95@7 30; dry
palted shoulders (boxed), fi^SS^c; short clear
sides (boxed), $7 50^7 60; clover, contract grade.
J3 25.
Articles— • Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 15.000 23.000
Wheat, bushels 320.000 527.0o»
Corn, bushels 152.000 229 000
Oats, bushels 237,000 349ioOO
Rye. bushels 3,000
Barley, bushels 10,000 7,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm. Creameries, 16i^204c; Dai
ries. J4018c. Cheese, steady, lOSHWc. Eggs
firm; fresh, 13%®14e. ~
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 SSVi
Sterling Exchange, sixty days — 4 84»i
Sterling Cables — 4 89^,
New York Exchange, sight — * - 7;$
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Fine Silver, per ounce — 61H
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 4SH
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — Liverpool futures were firmer.
Paris futures opened higher and closed lower.
Chicago was higher, with Indications of a
further advance. The leaders bought heavily,
and this, with talk of TO loads for export, hard
ened the market. Sales Wednesday In all po
sitions, for export and otherwise, amounted to
nearly 2,000,000 bushels. Operators -were of the
opinion that the market had at last arrived.
Rains in the northwest continued. Receipts
decreased. Cotton dragged on better weather
and a poor demand.
Local futures opened lower and closed higher,
with more activity. Snot quotations also ad
vanced under a good shipping demand, and the
tone was healthy all around.
Spot Wheat-ShSpping, $1 03%@l 05; Milling.
Jl 07V4@l 10.
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal Session— 9:13 o'clock— December— 2003
ctls, $110; 14,000. $103^; is.000. $1 09?i. May—
20>)0, »1 15: 4000. $1 14%; 2000, $1 14%. J
Second Session— December— 4000 ctls, $1 10;
14,000, Jl 10H; 4000, Jl 10U; 6000, $1 10%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
Jl 11%; 16,000. $1 11V4-
Afternoon Session— December — 16.000 ctls,
Jl ll»i:-2000. ji nvi: 2000. $1 11^; 10.000. Jl 11.
BARLEY — Continues dull and featureless.
Feed. 75c for No. 1 and 67H@72Vjc for off
grades; Brewing and shipping grades, TT'i^Soc;
Chevalier, nominal. ~, <.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal SessloD — No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctl»,
77Hc; 2000, 77^c.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS — The situation remains unchanged, the
market being firm and healthy.
White— U lafffl 3C; Surprise, $1 30®l 40; Red,
$1 lOCfl 20; Gray. $1 12H@1 20; Black, tor feed,
$1 10<*1 15: for seed. Jl 15-^1 22% per ctl.
CORN — The only thing new Is the arrival of
600 ctls from the East.
Eastern. Jl 22H: California Large Yellow.
$1 20«??l ZZVi per ctl; White, $1 20@l 22&; Small
Round Yellow. $1 20©l 22V4.
RYE-S7H!ff90c per ctl.
BUCK WlliSAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, S3 SOffJ
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 60;
Oregon and Washington, $2 75(93 10 per barrel
for family and $3 1533 50 for bakers' ; Eastern,
J4 75i§5 75 per barrel.
MILL3TCFFS— Prices In packs are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. ?3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50: Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, J2 75;
extra cream do, J3 60; Oat Groats, 14 50; Hom
iny, 13 50^3 75; Buckwheat Flour, |4®4 25;
Cracked Wheat. J3 50; Farina, $4 CO; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), ?6
t7 25; in sacks, (5 75Q7; Pearl Barley, $5;
p'.lt Peas, {5; Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lb*.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Hay was steady and unchanged. Over 8000
sacks of Bran came In from Oregon, but the
market was without change.
BRAN-$12®12 DO per ton.
MIDDLINGS— I16.'J19 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. tl6@17 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. S26@27; Jobbing.
J27 f,(X028; Cocoanut Cake. |2(hf}21; Corn Meal.
$26 10; Cracked Corn, $27; Mixed Feed. $13 50® 14.
HAT— Volunteer, 14 60@7; Wheat, $10(512;
Wheat and Oat. $9 50JT11 50; Oat, *8«10; Clover,
$4©6; Alfalfa. JS@7 50; Barley, $6 oO@S 50 per
STRAW— 30(S37^c per bale.
Beans and Seeds
BEANS— Bayos, $2 I5O®2 75; Small White, $3 73
4; large White, $3 10@3 25; Pink. (2 7S,<82 75;
Red. $3 2:^3 50; Blac^eye. $3 CO; Lima, $5 15@
5 25; Pea. $3 oOg.3 70- Red Kidneys, $3 25@3 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 4c: Flax J2@2 20; Canary, 3^e per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,
nominal: Rape, 2V4<33c; Hemp. 4®4V&c; .Tim
othy. 4tj4%c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, nominal; Green, $2 25@
2 60 per ctl; Blackeye, $2.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
A car of Sweets from Merced sold at $1 60
per ctl. Otherwise Potatoes and Onions stood
about the same. There was nothing new in
Vecetables.
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles, 50c; New Early
Rose. 2;«T3Oc: Burbanks. 40®65c for Rivera and
85cC;$l per ctl for Salinas; Sweets, - l@19ic
per lb.
ONIONS— Yellow, 50(&63e per ctl; pickle
Onions. 6Q!j?75c.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, 50c<8"$l per sack.
75c per crate : for Berkeley and,$l@150 for
Alameda; Green Peas, 2il'3c per lb; StriiigT
Beans, l»4@3c; Lima*. 3@5c; Cabbage, 40&50c;
Tomatoes. River, 20® 35c; - Bay, 25So0c: Egg,
Plant, 50©75o per box; Green ¦ Okra, 35@6Uc;
Green Peppers. per box for Chill and 40
*|60c for Bell; Dried Peppers. S@10c; Carrots. 25
®35c per naek; Summer Squash. SO@GOc for Ala
meda; Cucumbers, 2S'g30c for Alameda; Pickles,
?l^il 25 per ctl for No. 1 and 50@7Sc for No. 2:
Garlic, 2'.i@3c per lb; Marrowfat Squash, J15<jJ
20 per ton. *
Poultry and Game.
There were*" three cars of Eastern on the
market. Local" stock was in fair supply and
steaily.
Game sold as before.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, 9® 10c for Gobblers
and 10«/llc for Hens; Geese, per pair. $1 25(01 50;
Goslings, ?l.oQ@l 75: Ducks, J3#4 60 for old and
J3#4 CO for ¦ young; Hens. $3 50^5; Young
Roosters. $4® 3 50; Old Roosters, $4@4 25;
Fryers. $3(ff4; Broilers, J3@3 SO .for large: and
SI 73©2 50 for' small: Pigeons. ?1 50&1 75 per
dozen for old $1 50®l 73 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves. MffGOc per dozen; Cottontail
Rabbits, l\ 2561 50; Brush Rabbits," $1; Hare.
$1 25.
Butter,. Cheese and Eggs.
..The general, run of 'Butter Is In ox - ersupply
and draKRing." A* few fancy creameries, how
ever, keep up and sell above the quotations.
Cheepe remains the fame. " -\- •
Kggs are higher. Stocks of all descriptions
are reduced and fancy ranch are getting rather
scarce. „ -
UUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 23«4@24c; sec
onds, 22>^2Sc. . . ,- .; ¦
Dairy— Fancy. 22®22V4c; good to choice, 20®
21Hc: common. '15S?lSc. . ¦
Creamery tub — rO(H£2>2C per lb.
Pickled roll— 19<g-20c.
Firkin— lSiJ?13c .
CHJ2ESE-rXew, 9g3Vic; fancy. 10c; old SgS&c;
LOCAL MARKETS
Charters.
The ete&xr.er EldsvoW loads grain and m;r
chacdise from this port to Port Arthur, not j
lumber as previously reported: the steamer j
Oak Branch soes to Shanghai and North China j
ports, and not, as previously reported, th-i I
Olympic, merchandise for Honolulu.
Merchandise for Mexico.
The schooner Czar cleared yesterday for Mex
ico with a general cargo valued at $1S,52S, in- j
eluding the following: 146 bales empty sacks, j
31 cs canned goods, 23 rolls matting, SOO bbls ¦
• errient. 476 lt>s sago, 242 It>s soda, 26" [*«.= j
groceries and provisions, ;7 cs fuse and caps, I
fc'K 1 ct gur.pov. der, 4'n) gals wine, 40u tins u« ;
sorted crackers, C7 kegs nails and spikes, l'i ¦
kegs white lead, 27 frlndetones, 2 bbls reslu. !
13 slabs marble. 90 Mis pipe. 6 pkgs machinery', '¦
£• em paint, 3 cs hardware. 300 reels barbed wire, j
9 pkgrs iron, 12.640 n>s tall'iw. 101 ts cartridges, i
fbs boiler oonuxjund, 900 cs 8 bbls powder, '
W.500 ft lumber.
Dried Fruit in AVic York.
Mail advices from New York eay: •'Currar.t*
Tcere very excited and scored an advance of
%; yesterday, this being the Mggest Jump made
In it single day for some time, if not since |
the currant market began its remarkable ad- j
vance several months ago. Sales were large. ,
In view of the high figures asked, several hun- !
dred barrels at least changing hands around i
fc'sc. Further advances are very likely to take 1
jj.at* to-day or in the near future.
•peaches were quite active, a number of j
can, chiefly lancy, being reported as sold dur- ,
!::g the da.y. Imported Sultanas were fairly |
liCtive, one sale of 2000 boxes at quotations j
being heard of. Some little business was done 1
e!so in seedless Muscatel raisins at 6^c. Apri
cots were very strong, but no transactions of
imj'OrtariCe were reported.
•"Future apples were very unsettled, due ap
parently to rumors of sales at low figures •
rut in circulation to bear the market. Few- |
£<>ods were offered from up th? State, and the i
!;:r.rket at the close was about 4 l t@4Hc, with j
little or bo business reported.
•¦The trade tn nuts continues very good for :
this time 01 the year. Sicily filberts advanced !
to lO^c on higher market reports from abroa.'. j
sn4 sales here. One hundred bap? were re- !
ported fid at 10c during the mornir.g. Brazil \
r.Jts are going out quite freely at 5tg» l 2 c."
WeatKer. Report.
<12f*th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 23. 5 p. m.
Tlse fo'lowing maximum temperatures were
te].crted fr^m Ftaticns in California to-day:
Euifka fiOKed Bluff H 1
Mount Tamalpais 77 Sacramento 92
Iii4«-pen<JeiK"« M San Luis Obispo 7S J
Fresno S2 San Diego 7<5
1>'S Angeles 84
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
C?; minimum, i. r .; mean. C2.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Tlie pressure has fallen rapidly over the
r.irthern halt of (Ac Pacific sloi«e. Over Wash
ington and Vancuuvfr Island thcr* has been a
fail of two-tenths of an inch or more In pres
t-ure during the past 24 hours. The pressure has |
also faiien rajjidly along the central and south
ern coa^t of California.
The temperature has ri&^n from 4 to 6 degrees
over Northern California and Nevada. It has
fallen over Wsstiiript^in, 'Oregon and Idaho.
'ihe temperatures ate rising in the great val
1-ys of «'alifornia. Ftoin. has fallen generally
over Washington and Northern Oregon.
Forecast ma.ie at San Francisco for 30 hours
tn-Jir.s ir.idr.'ght August 24. IM0:
Northern «:alif' mia— Fair Friday, with fog
en the coast; fresh northwest wind.
Southern California — Fair Friday; fresh
Bocitrwest wir.ds.
Nrvaaa — Cloudy Friday; shower* in northern
jiortlor..
l"tah— Cloudy Friday, probably light rain;
cooler in northern uortion.
Arizona— Cloudy Friday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Friday, with
(eg in The aftftnoon; brisk westerly winds.
ALEXANDER O. McAUlE,
Forecast Official.
m
Silver a fraction or two lower.
Wheat advancing and more active.
Other cereals show no change.
Hay and Feed stuffs as previously quoted.
Nothing* new in Beans and Seeds.
Suect Potatoes arrived from Merced.
•I 'cgctables in good supply at the old prices.
Three cars of Eastern Poultry on the market.
Butter weak, Cheese steady and Eggs advancing.
Peaches and Pears firm and in demand.
Pried Fruit market continues in good shape for sellers.
Provision market shows no change.
All Meats as before.
Chicago Grain Market.
Missouri, Kansas & Texas 95*
10O Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefd.... 31
6.120 New Jersey Central 136 7 i
New York Central IMJa
100 Norfolk & Western S3?i
Norfolk & Western prefd 74%
1.400 Northern Pacific 61U
SOO Northern Pacific prefd 70Va
760 Ontario & Western 21%
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42
Oregon Ry & Navigation prefd 76
930 Pennsylvania 12^Vi
200 Heading 17
2,«V) Reading 1st prefd 69T4
, 100 Reading 2d pr^fd 2S%
Rio Grande Western 60
Rio Grande Western prefd.... S0_
Ft Louis & San Francisco 9vs
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 66
150 St Louis & Pan Fran 2d prefd 33V«
6.445 St J>ouis=, Southwestern 13 1
G.4?0 St Louis, Southwestern prefd 29*j» !
2, fro St Paul H3H '
St Paul prefd 172 I
St I'aul « Omaha 112 |
S.S70 Southern Pacific 33?i j
400 Southern Hallway 11H I
350 Southern Railway prefd $2% '
100 Texas & Pacific U\i 1
S.137 UnUn Pacinc 5S% I
2.530 Vnlon Pacific prefd 76 |
Wahash 6»i
200 WabaFh prefd IS 1 .* ]
Wheeling & L E 8*4 |
300 Wheeling & L E 2d prefd 23^ I
Wisconsin Central 13 1 * j
Third Avenue 110
Express Companies —
Adams 123
American 155
United States 45
Wells-Fareo 123
Miscellaneous —
American Cotton Oil 33'i 1
American Cotton Oil prefd SS4 i
1<W American Malting 4'i I
1S5 American Malting prefd 23
300 American Smelting & Kefng 37 1 *
155 American Smelting & Refng prefd.. SS'ii j
American Spirits l'» j
American Spirits prefd 17
600 American St*?l Hoop 19»i 1
1*0 American Hteel Hoop prefd 66
7M American Ster! & Wire 3*
American StP<>l & Wire prefd 74
200 American Tin Plate 25U
American Tin Plat? prefd 76
4C-0 American Tobacco 93^
American Tobaeeo prefd 12S
6"rt Anaconda Minins Co 44 s , |
445 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 56*% j
4 f i0 Colorado Fuel & Iron 24 T 8 |
~<'<ft Continental Tobacco 204 \
Continental Tobacco prefd 77
430 F^.ir-ra] Steel 3»U I
F^dPral Steel prefd 66 r > 8 I
200 Genrral Electric 13"! !
Gluccse Sugar 52% j
Glucosp Fupar prefd OS j
150 International Paper 23
International Paper prefd 66
Lacl«de Gas 74^
200 National BiFcuit 31\ t I
National P.lseult prefd 82V» !
V<H National I^>n<1 17 j
National Lead prefd. ex div %*¦*¦! )
National St«»«>l 25H j
National Steel pre'd *4*i
New York Air Hrake 130
North American 15
SOO Pacinc CoaFt 55 !
Pacific CoaFt l«t prefd 86 i
Pacific CoaFt 2d prefd 64
4C0 Pacific Mail 11
?.€10 People's Gas WH j
2C0 Pressed ?t<"fl Car 3S»i j
120 Presfd StPcl Car prefd 71
Pullman Palace Car 1S<5
1.7S0 Standard Rope & Twin* « |
2,K>0 Supar 122"4, j
Sugar preM llfl
n.'.'O Tennessee Coal & Iron 69H
2,6'n United States Leather 10*;
SfO United States Leather prefd CS»» j
300 United States Rubber 30% '
T'nited States Rubber prefd 944 '
XM WPFtern fnion 73H !
200 Republic Irun & Steel 11
Republic Iron & Steel prefd 53
P C C & St Louis 54
9?,S00 Shares so!rt.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref. when j Do 4s 92
issued. r>g 104 N Y C lsts 10S>4 j
Do coupon K>4 jN J C gee 5s 121"4
t: S 3s reg 103 N Pacific 3s 65Vi
Do 3s coup 109 1 Do 4s 104
Do new 4s reg...l33 !N Y C & fit L 4s. .107 j
Do new 4s roup..l33 JN & W con 4s 97T4
' Do eld 4? r^K 115 Or Nav lsts 109 I
Do old 4s coup. ..11.". I Do 4s 1 1C2V4 !
Do Es reg % .. 112HJOr Short Line 6s..l26H I
Do f.-s coup 112's! 1>r> c on f.s 112^ '
Dist of Col 3.6os...l22 'Reading gen 4s.... 87*1 i
Atchlson gen 4b....10O*<,I R G W lxt* 98 j
Do adj 4s i^\ Pt L & I M con os.lll
Canada So 2ds 1CS iSt L & S F gen 6S.121 1 ; i
CheB & Ohio 4Vs.. M^lSt Paul cons 167
Do 5s llfc^iSt P C & P lsts...H7*i
Chi & N con 7s... .140 Do of 11911
Do S F deb 5s. ...120V, S Pacific 4s Jg2
Chicago t^rm 4s... ?3 S Railway Es Ws
Colorado So 4s — , 82^ Ptand R & T «s 6S
D & R G Ifts 102% Tex & Pac lsts. ...112
Do 4s iS Do 2ds 56
Erie gen 4s 69 U Pacific 4s I05«
F W &. D C lsts... 72'i Wabash lrtp 11H4
G^n Electric as — 116 Do 2<ls 101 1 ,;
Iowa Central lsts. .113 WfFt Shore 4s 111^ !
j K C P & G lets... «i WIs Ont lsts SS% !
I L & N uni 4s 98%lVa centuries 90 1
I M K & T 2df 66 I j
MINING STOCKS. i
1 Chollar 14 Ontario 5 5ft j
i Crown Point 12 Oj>hir 52 I
Con Cal & Va J 35 Plymouth 10
j Dcadv.ood 43 Iron Silver 1 50
j Gould & Curry 20: I>o prefd 6*0 1
! Kale & Noreross... 17 Sierra Nevada 34
j Homextake JO ijO Standard 3 80!
Iron Silver 53 I'nion Con is |
Mexican 2» Yellow Jacket 23 !
; UOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— |N E Gag &. Coke... 13»i j
Call loans 2^3 I Old Colony is>i !
Time loans 3y4^»iRubber 30*fc I
Stock*— iCnlon F'arlfic ,"S»i
I Atch T & St Fe... 27K]West End n \
Do prefd 70 jWlwonsin Cent.... 13V£ ;
American Sugar... 123 1 lionds — * ;
Do prefd 116 jAtchifon 4s> 97 j
Bell Telephone 143 iN K Gns & C 5s... 64 i
Boston & Albany. .245 j Mining Shares— !
Boston Elevated... 147'/i Adventure Vfs \
Boston & Maine.... 1SS ;Allouez Mln Co 1 "
¦ Chi B & Q IT* 'Amalg Copper 88V4 '
: Dominion Coal -il-'i .Boston & Mont 317
I Do prefd 110'i Butte & Boston 63 )
Federal Steel ?M% Calumet & Hecla..76O !
! Do prefd 60V4i Centennial lC^i !
I Fitchburg prefd.. ..13<H Humboldt 25 !
! Gen Electric 13S :Onceola 67^i i
Do prefd 139 i I*arrot 41» t |
Ed Eiee III 205 !Sta Fe Copper 4<i |
Mexican Central... HVi Utah Mining 30Vi
j Mich Telephone.... 85 iWir.cna S :
! London Market.
I .;:: .>
j NEW YORK. Aug. 23.— The Commercial Ad
; vert!«rr"s I^ondon financial cablegram say«: ,¦
i In the absence of speculation m the mar
kets here to-day the tone was heavy in the
early hours,, influenced somewhat by foolUh
talk of an impending war with France. In
the afternoon the ooars closed some of thtir
contracts on heavy, rt-oclpts of sold. Ameri
cans were neglected.
, Paris sold cupper ehares on the relapse in the
metal.
CLOSING.
I/OXDOX, Aug. 23.— Atchison. 2S; Canadian,
91%: Union Pacific preferred. 78; Northern
Pacific preferred, 73',i: Grand Trunk, 6',4; Ana
conda, y',i: bar silver, eteady, 28Hd per ounce;
money, t'£r2',4 per cent.
Condition of the Treasury.
j WASHINGTON. Aug. £3. -To-day's itatement
j of the treasury balances in tha general fund,
I exclusive of the JKO.COO.000 gold reseire in the
i division of redemption, shown: Available cash
balance. JlS6,6OO,7iO; gold. JCS t G21,e01.
New York Money Market. ¦
NEW YORK, Aug. 23.— Money on ;. call,
steady; actual transactions.- \%@l\i per cent.
Prime mercantile paper. 4#5 p*r cent.. Ster
ling exchanze, firm, with actual business In
bankers' bills at $4 87*4^4 87% for demand and
at H Sllim S4?i for sixty days. Posted rates.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Aug. 23.— FLOUR-Receipts.
12.377; exports, 7602; firmer; buyers paying oid
nFking prices for spring patent*, with a fair
ilemand for other grades as well.
WHEAT-Receipts, 44,400 bushels; export.^
M,S75 bushels; spot, strong; No. 2 red," 78^c
• •levator: No. 2 red. Sl%c I. 0. b. afloat; No. 1
Northern Duluth. STJsC t. o. b. afloat; No. t
liard Duluth. S7c 1. o. b. afloat. Options
cpened firm on stronger cables and then weak
ened under foreign selling, together with locil
unloading, but during the afternoon prices re
oovered on big export transactions, however,
and the oloee was Btronp at ldJlHc net ad
vance; September, 78 5-16(£f79 l »ic. closed at 79 < *c:
October, 79@S0Hc. closed at SOftc; December,
SO 3-10(0 KlHc, closed at Sl^c.
HOP&-Qulet.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Quiet
COFFEE— Spot Rio, easy; No. 7 Invoice. 8Hc;
mild, barely steady; Cordova, nominal. Fu
tures clceed steady, with prices net unchanged
to 5 points higher; total sales. 23,000 bags, fn
cludlng September, J7 85; October. V 35; De
cember. 17 65®7 60: January. *7 65@7 60; Feb
ruary, J7 65; March, J7 65@7 70; May, $7 75®
SUGAR— Raw, steady; refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts. 6497 packages; firm; cur
rent packed factory, UjnGc.
EGGS— Receipts. 6693 packages; firm; "West
ern ivgular packing, at mark, 10@15c; Western,
loss off, 16@17c.
DRIED FRUITS.
Interest in the dried fruit market continues
generally lax. with the situation uninterf sting
in its main phases. Demand is, however, about
equal to offerings, thus preventing marked
change in quotations, which are as follows:
California dried fruits:
PRUNES— 3Vi@'7%c per ounce, as to size and
quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, llgl-Jc: Moorpark. 15<ffl7c.
PEACHES— Peeled. HffllSc; unpeeled. 6®9c
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES-Common.
S@5c: prime, 4Si@5^4c; choice, 5H@6c; fancy,
69i@"c.
\\ and « ss '4@^ 89- Commercial bills,
li, k£i"- Bar silver, 61^c. Mexican dol
["*• th ?» c - Government bonds, steady.; Sil-
Mm ce " l « ca te8. 61^^2140. State bonds, steady;
railroad bonds, arm.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS
Shipping Intelligence.
Thursday. Angus! »3_
Stmr Netlonil City. Dettnj-jrs, li boon from
Fort IJra-zr-
Stmr Cleone. BZadMB. 14 hours f re m Castmr
Strr.r Wastport. Krtc><s<jn. 13 ttoor: (ran '"'ear
Harbor.
.S'.mr Riv:!. Jobn?on. 1? hours frim L'sal
Strv.r Corcna, Gietow, C h-.urs from San
Pieiri;. etc.
Stmr Columbia. 1'oran. .".4 hours (torn '• n-t
lar..i. via Astoria 40% hours.
Stmr Crescent City, stbckflfth. a h iurs fr m
Crescent City.
Sfmr Gipsy, Leland, 23 h.«urs from Uosa
La r.d I nz.
FU" shin Ruch^ll. ." days from Sydney
Schr l^ura JIay. Ilisnsen. s Javs fr^ra Sc^uth
Bend.
S"hr Five Brothers, Jensen, 3 days from Co
quille River.
Schr O M Kellosg. Iverscn. 4 d.iy3 from Eu
reka.
Schr Ida Schnauer. Sorrnson. II day* fr"m
Port Oc.mble.
Schr Archie and Fcntie, Johannsfn, 1% hours
from Theirs Landinff.
CLEARED. V
Thur?r!aj-. August 'zS:
Stmr Ncrth Fork, McLillan, Eureka; Cha»
Nelson.
Schr Czar, Huffman, ilazatlan; Wm Olsen.
SAILETX
Thursday. Aug'ist 23.
Stmr Eureka. Jrsson, HurcVa.
Stmr Cccs l«iy, NoMinder. San Pedro.
Stmr Arcata, Xelpon. i.'oos Bay.
Nor stmr Titan'a. GnHlkscn. \'ina!m<i.
T!r stmr Wellinstnn, Salmond. Chetr.air.us.
Schr Pioneer. \I:kk--l.«»-n. Columbia Ktver.
Schr Joseph and Henry. Ka^wusien, CUlOlUa
Rlvtr.
Schr Mar." C. Campbell, Fort Ross.
Schr James Rolph, Oedrlck, Port Hadlock.
SPOKEN.
Per Pr ship Ow-enee— Aus 13. lat 41 N. Ion
35 W— Schr Expansion, from Santa Rnsalia. for
Cheirair.'js.
July %. lat :<i 30 S. Inn !>3 W— Br ship Gl?nard.
from Ar.tvrni. for Tacoma.
DOMESTIC PORTS
SAN DICGO^-Satled Aug 23-Schr Philippine,
for Grays Haibor.
TRIX1!>AI>— tailed Au; ~. at 6:30 p m— Stmr
Brunswick, for Xewrxirt (S).
GRATS RARBOa- Arrived Au; 22-Stmr
Newborg. hence Aug U.
NEWPORT— Sailed Aug Z>-3cta Excelsior,
f?r I'jrt f?lakeley.
BOWKNS LANDING— Arrived Aus 3— Stmr
Navarro, hf>nce Aag 22; schr Ocean Spray, hnc
Ape 21.
Sa'lefl Aug 23— Schr Expansion, fur San
Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Avg 23— Stmr City of Se
attle, from Skaguay; U S stmr SewarJ, from
Nome.
Sailed Aug 22 — Stmr Lakme. for Tacoma:
Stmr Orerr.n. fnr Nome.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Aug 23-Schr E K
Wood, for Halnhong.
SAN IjIEOO— Sailed Aug 23— Nor stmr Thyra.
for S-a?i Kranclscri.
COOS HAY— Arrived Aug 23. at 4 p m— Stmr
Del N.irt<*. hence Aug 20.
1 PORT LOS ANGELES-Sailed Aug 23— Stinr
Alcatraz for .
EUREKA— Sailed Aug 23— Stmr Pomona, for
San Francisco; stmr W H Kruger. for San
Francisco.
FORT BRAGO-Arrived Auj 23-Stmr Se
quoia, hence Aug 22.
ASTORIA— Arrived Aug 23— Strnr State of
California, hence Aug 21.
Continued on Page Eleven^
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
CLOSING QUOTATIONS
3 PRClst gtnss — — Hutch S P Co. ZSVi —
S P Br 6s 1324i — Kilauea SP Co 1\ 22
S V Water 6s.ir>' 3 — Makawell S Co 44 44^
Do 4s : 102*4 — Onomea S Co. 27 28
Do 3d mt£...102 — Paauhau S Co. 30 —
Stocktn Gas 6s 99'.i — Miscellaneous-
Water Stocks— Al Pack Assn. — \\l\i
Contra Costa.. 69 63ii|Cal Fruit Assn 05 3»
Marin County. hVr- — Mar Ex Awn. P7 10^
Spring Valley. 95 95Vi Oceanic S Co.. 94 95
Gas &. Electric— Pac A F A.... 2 —
Cent G & L Co — — Pac C Bor Co.130 152W
Cent L & P Co 4 5 Far Paint Co. 12Vi —
Mornins Session.
Board—
100 Equitable Gas 3 12 ! i
20 Giant Powder Con S4 73
5 Giant Powder Con S4 25
5 Giant Pow.ier Con S4 00
5 Hutchinson S P Co. cash 23 SO
50 Kialuea Sugar Plantation Co 21 00
$2,000 Northern Ry of Cal os bonds US 30
$10,000 Oceanic S S bonds W7 CO
35 Paauhau S P Co 30 00
5 S F Gas & Electric Co 53 OO
150 Spring Valley Water 95 23
Afternoon Session.
Beard—
$1.0C0 Contra Costa Water bonds 10. 00
5 Giant Fo-.vder Con S4 ©0
5 Giant Powder Con S3 73
110 Giant Powder Con.., S3 s>0
5 Giant Powder Con Su »>2 l 2
50 Oceanic S S O M 00
70 Paauhau S P Co 3> «_>
25 S F Gas & Electric Co j3 Si
50 S F Gaslight ,'«2 22
$1,000 Spring Valley 4s bonds (2d mte;)...102 .o
Street— „ '
$1,000 Contra Costa Water bonds W< ("
$5.0CO Oakland Transit Co 6s 11< -¦>
100 Oceanic S S Co 94 ™>
$3,000 Sacramento El. Gas & Ry 5s 99 •¦>
26 Spring Valley Water 95 25
PRODUCERS 1 OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornins Session.
Board —
50 Home Oil * &
EOO Independence 17
100 San Joaquln Oil and D»v..... 4 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
200 Home Oil * 50
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session. >
100 Challenge 23 i 300 Overman 07
100 Con Cal & Va..l 35; 600 Savaee ......... 11
200 Crown Point... 14 ! 20O Sierra Nevada. 3S
50 Hale & Norc... 20 300 Sliver Hill iZ
11'".' Justice 03; 300 Yellor* Jacket.. SO
Afternoon Session. :
SO Beat & Belcher 171 100 Ophir S3
200 Challenge 21 f 2ii0 Potosi Tl
300 Challenge 20- 40<i Silver Hill 3S
10O Con Cal & Va..l 301 500 fnion Con 20
50 Confidence 76 100 Yellow Jacket:. 26
O Confidence 73 SCO Yellow Jacket.. 25
200 Julia 01
The following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
BOO Alpha Con 07 1600 Potosi 23
700 Andes 09; 3C-« Sierra Nevada. 37
200 Caledonia 53j 7PI Sliver Hill 42
500 Chollar 18i Oco Silver Hill 41
200 Con Cal & V.I 37>-'.| 500 Silver Hill 3»
200 Con Cal & Va..l 3i 300 Silver Hill 40
700 Mexican 27 SOO Yellow Jacket.. »
200 Ophir ,'6 500 Yellow Jackst.. 27
Afternoon Session.
500 Alpha Con C6ilOCO Julia 01
300 Best & Belcher 17| 500 Overman 07
200 Con Cal & Va..l 35 i 2T0 Sierra Nevada. 36
200 Con Cal & V.I 32V 500 Utah 06
800 Gould & Curry 16|
THURSDAY, Aug. 23-4 p. m.
Alpha 06 07|Justlce 02 04
Alta 03 C4,Kentuck — 01
Andes 07 OViLady Wash 02 —
Belcher 12 13|Vexlcan 26 27
Best & Belcher 17 IS i Occidental .,... 10 12.;
Bullion 03 (MiOphir 53 54 ;
Caledonia 52 ;>4 Overman 07 f.S
Chollar 15 17 Potost 22 23
Challenge Con.. 21 22!^avage 10 11
Confidence 75 77'Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal & Va..l 30 1 33 Seg Belcher.... 02 03
Con Imperial... 01 02, Sierra Nevada. 36 37
Con New York. — 03;Silver Hill 3'J 40
Eureka Con — 45iSt Louis — 14
Crown Point 13 15|Stanaard 4 13 —
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate — 08
Gould & Curry 15 16 Union Con 20 21
Hale & Xorc... 17 20 Utah 06 07
Julia — 01 Yellow Jacket.. 24 27
ln^ downward under heavy cables and neglect.
At 'the dose the Metal. Exchange called pie
iron' warrants weak and nominal at $11; lake
copper very 'quiet at $16 62',4; tin, higher, at
J30 90@31: lead, dull, at $4 25; spelter. ea»y, at
?4 20@4 25. The brokers' price for lead Is $4
« r.d for copper $16 75. ¦¦.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Aug. 23.— Cotton futures opened
Eteady at an advance of 7 points on August
and about 4 points on other futures. After
the opening of the market there was an ad
vance of 8 points on covering, followed by a
break of 10 points on further reports of rain
in ' the central and eastern sections ; of the
belt. At noon a net loss of 4 to 6 points was
apparent, with subsequent changes unimpor
tant, and trading was very slack. The mar
ket Closed quiet in tone . at 4@7 points net
lower.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Aug. 23.-Clearlngs, $213,702:
balances, $42,947.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON
WASHINGTON
TACOMA, Aug. 23.— Wheat Ho higher: blue
stem, 5SHo; club, &6V£c; both for export.
PORTLAND. Aug. 23.— Wheat, steady: Walla
Walla, 55c; valley. 54tf55c; bluestem. 5K@57c.
Foreign wheat shipments from Portland for
the week ending to-day were 4SS.703 bushels.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Aug. 23.— Consols, 98U; silver,
28Hd; French rentes, 100 f 62Hc; cargoes on
passage, rather firmer; cargoes No. 1 standard
California, 30s 7Hd; English country markets,
steady.
LIVERPOOL. Aug. 23.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California, 6s 4d; wheat In Paris,
steady; flour in Parts, steady; French country
markets, firm; weather in England, showers.
COTTON— Uplands, 5%d.
CLOSING. .
- LIVERPOOL, Aug. 23.— "WHEAT— Spot, firm;
No. 2 red Western winter, 6» 2d; No. 1 North
ern spring, 6s 3d; No. 1 California, 6s 3Hd@
6c 4d. Futures— Steady; September, 5s Il\i6;
December, 6s • l^d.
¦ CORN — Spot, firm; American . mixed, new,
4s 4d; do. old, 4s lV4d. Futures, quiet; Sep
tember, 4s 4Ud; October, 4s %d; November,
48 %d. :
•
Young - America, 10@10^c; Eastern. 13%@14c:
Western. 10®12c r>er lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 16@20c'for store and 23®26e
per dozen for ranch; Eastern 16igl9c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Peaches are firm at the advance quoted be
low. \ Freestones ! are firmer than clings.
Choice large Bartlett Pears also rule firm.
-Watermelons are in light receipt and firm.
Other melons are unchanged.
There is no particular change in Grapes, sup
p ™,™ n ?^ ample tor a11 current need3.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
r n A J >^ LES ~ 25 ® Wc rer " box for common and
oOc@$l for good to choice; Crabapples 30c per
small box and 60(g75c per large box.
PEARS— Bartletts, 25<tfS3c in boxes and $15®
2u per ton in bulk.
QUINCES— 4M?65c per box
STRAWBERRIES-$4@5 P er chest for large
and $3<SS for small berries
RASPBERRIES— J6«8 per chest
BLACKBERUIES-?3@5 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES-4@6c per lb.
FIGS— 23@40c for single and 50®75c for double
layer boxes.
NECTARINES— White, 35@30c per box: red,
50ftf75c.
1 LLMS— 20@40c per box and crate; in bulk,
SlO&lo per ton; Prunes, 23@50c per crate- Egg
Plums, $12(JT13 per ton. '
PtACHtS- 4(Xg6T>c per box: In bulk. $135323
per ton for freestone and J15@2O for clings;
Mountain Peaches, 50^73c per box.
GRAPES— Fontainebleau. 35@40c per crate-
Muscats. 40®60c per crate; Seedless, 73c*J$t per
crate; Sweetwater. 85©50c: black. 33<B60c- To
kay^ 40@60c; Isabella. 75<ffS3c; Wine Grapes
$22^23 per ton for Zlnfandel.
MELON S-Nutmegs, 25@50c per case; Canta
loupes. B0c@n 25 per crate; Watermelons, S12 oO
@23. with extra large at $30 per 100
CITRUS FRUITS— Lemons. $1 5082 for com
mon and $2 50® 3 50 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $5@5 60; Bananas. $1@2 per bunch" Pine
cpples, $1 oO'SZ 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The demand for choice large Peaches and
Apricots continues unabated at rising prices,
but it Is not as sharp for common stock. Other
wise there is nothing new In this market.
NEW CROP— Prunes, nominal; Apricot?. «®
Ec for Royals and 10® 12c for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples. 5f6c; sun-dried. 2Uff3V.c-
Peaches. 505Hc for standard. 6ig6V>c for choice
and'.- 7(3 8c for fancy: Pears, 5@7Hc;" Plums pit
ted. -5©6c: unpltted. l@lV4c; Nectarines, 4@5c
for red and Z'Sic for white.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime. 6c' un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, SHc: choice. 7Hc: standard 6»4c
prime, 5c; unbleached Sultanas. 5c; S-edless
60-Ib boxes. 5c; 2-crown loose Muscatels 5%c
3-crown, 6'ic; 4-crown, 7c; London layers, 2
crown, $1 50 por box; 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points in
California.
NUTS — Walnuts. SSlOVfcc for standards and 9
<gllc for softshells; new Almonds. 12@13Hc
lor paper shell, 9H®Wc for soft and €®7c for
hard shell; Peanuts, 5<f?6V4c for Eastern and
5<y6e for California; Brazil Nuts, ll@12Uc; Fil
berts. 12@13c; Pecans, 11® 13c; Cocoanuts, $3 50
@5.
HONEY— Comb. 13f 14c for bright and 12®
l2V4c for light amber; water white, extracted,
7WS7V4e; light amber, extracted. 6>4®6?ic; dark,
EH®<5c per lb. •
BEESWAX— 24©26c per lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10%c per lb for
heavy, lie for light medium, 12V£c for light. 13c
for extra light and 14*4c for sugar-cured. East
ern suear-cured Hamp. 13c: Mess Beef, $12 per
bbl: extra Meas, $13; Family. $14; extra Prime
Pork. fV> 50: extra clear. $19; Mess, $16 50;
Smoked Beef. 12%«13c Der lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure, 9*4c;
10-lb tins. 9*ic: 5-lb tins. 9%c.
COTTOLE.VE- One-half barrel, 8%c; three
hall barrels, S9ic; one tierce. 8%c; two tierces.
SHc; five tierces, 8%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops,
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about 1c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 8%^5c; medium. S^c; light, 8@S%c;
Cowhides. 8>4c; Stags. 6c; Salted Kip, Sc; Calf.
9c: Dry Hides, sound. 15c; Dry Kip, 15c; Dry
Calf, 15c; culls and brands. 12c; Sheepskins,
Shearlings, 20@30c- each; short Wool. 30@50c
each; medium, 60<§#'Tc: long Wool, 90ci@$l 10
each; Horse Hides, salt. W&2 23 for large, $1 73
for medium, $1 for *mal! and 60c for colts:
Horse Hides, dry. $1 50 for large, $1 25 for me
dium, $1 for small and 25<SoOc for colts. Deer
skins—Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or me
dium skins, S)c: winter or thin skins. 20c. Goat
skins—Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth,
50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. «®4V4c per lb; No.
2. S'g^tc; greace, 2®2%c.
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern, free. lo@16c; Northern, defective, 12®
14c: Middle County, free. 14@16c; Middle Coun
ty, defective. 12gl4c; Southern Mountain. 12
months', Il!gl2c; Southern Mountain, free, 7
months, 10@12c; Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months'. 9f?llc; Humboldt and Mendoclno.
16-&17c: Nevada. 13®16c per lb. -
Fall Clip— San Joaquln. 6H@Sc: do Lambs'.
SS9c; Middle County, 9@llc per lb.
HOPS— Old, nominal at 5<tfl0c per lb; new,
10® 12c.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Previous prices rule for all descriptions.
BEEF— 5@Cc per lb for fair to choice. '
VEAL— Large. 7©8c; small. SH®9V4c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers,. "H®8c: ewes. 7@7V4c per
pound.
LAMB- Spring, 8%®9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 6@6Hc-f.or small. W;<S5*6c
for medium and 5Hf?5Sc for large; stock Hogs
and feeders, 5%@5%c; dressed Hogs, S^S^c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 65; • Calcutta
Grain Bags, 5%c; Wool Bags, 2S«4@32%c; Fleece
Twine. "He; Fruit Bags, 6&@6&c for white and
SV«"i?8»;c for bleached jute.
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant, -J6; Coos
Bay, $3 50: Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Wall
send, $0; Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $13 25 la
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14: Can
nel,- $11 per ton; Coke, $16 per ton In bulk and
$18 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$8 45 per 2000 lbs. and $3 50 per ton. according
to brand.
SUGAR— The "Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per 1b, In 100-lb bass: Cubes, A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.70c; Powdered,
6.30c; Candy Granulated, 6.30c: Dry Granulated,
6.20c; Confectioners' A, 6.20c; Magnolia A, 5.80c;
Extra C. 5.70c; Golden C. 5.60c; barrels. 10c
more; half-barrels. 25c more; boxes, 50o more;
EO-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken' for less
than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnos,
half-barrels, 6.95c; boxes, 7.20c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR, THURSDAY. AUGUST 23.
Flour, qr sks.... 10,691 Bran, sks 36
Wheat ctls 940 Leather, rolls .. 33
Barley, ctls 3.C20 Wine, gals 51,200
Oats, ctls -. 4,110 Eggs, doz 10,890
Corn, East, ctla. 600 Lime, bbls 150
Cheese, ctls 20 Straw, tons ...... 15
Butter ctls 2<1 Hay. tons 82S
Beans, sks 3SS Hops, bales . 2
Potatoes, sks .... 8,396 Wool, bales B4S
Onions, sks 1.100 Hides. No 733
OREGON'.
Flour, qr pks ... 8,9*2 Oats, ctls 1,160
Wheat, ctls 1,400 Bran, sks 8,233
IDAHO.
Wheat, ctls ..... 410
HONOLULU.
Wool, bales .366!
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 24, 1900.
Foreign Futures.
TO ARRIVE
8
California Fruit Sales.
TO SAIL.'
Steamer Movements.
O Time Time Time Time
P .' L. W H W L, W H W
S Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
34 ... 4:45 0.1 11:35 6.3 4:55 2.1 11:04 5.4
35... 5:17 0.4 12:08 5.3 5:33 1.8 11:47 5.2
26... 5:47 0.8 12:38 5.3 6:14 1.7
H W X. W H W L. W
17 ... 0:30 4.8 6:18 1.2 1:05 8.2 6.54 1.5
28... 1:14 4.5 6:»j 1.6 1:31 5.1 7:31 1.4
29 ... 2:00 4.3 7:14 1.9 1:5S 5.1 8:15 1.3
80 ... 2:53 4.0 7:45 2.3 2:26 5.1 9:06 1.2
Steamer. >1 J -' From. I rhie.
Steamer.
From.
Pomona .|Seattle ,Aug. Zi
Marlposa iSydney lAu?. 24
Thyra..... [China and Japan.. .„.;.. Auk. :»
Tants [Hamburg. ....[Aug. 24
Coqullle River. |Son Pedro | A ug. 23
Bonlta Newport Aug. 13
City ot Puebla. Victoria Aug. 'JA
San Mateo. N'anaimo Aug. 2S
Curacao Mexico Aug. :' t
Fbnta Kosa •¦'an D!e«rr> Aug.r
Empire Cwa Bay Aug.IT
Mackinaw S*attl*> Aus. Z7
Kureka ......... Humboldt Aug . 27
'Jattrawan Tacomn Auy, 2^
Newburg; ... Grays Harbor Ausc. If
China .* China and Japan Auar. ?s
State of Ca! jl'ortland Aug. 23
>rcata iCoos Kay iAun.N
Coo3 Bay INewport [Aug. 23
Point Arena ... Point Arona Aug. 31)
Acapulco ... New York Aug. Z-)
Walla. Walla...'. Victoria.- Aus. *>
N'orth Fork HumboMt Aug. 3<J
Crescent City ..[Crescent City... |Aus.3D
' Steam-r. I Destination. I SaUs. I Pier.
_ { r : , „¦
Uma Mia ..(Victoria.. (Aug. 24, U am|Pier 9
North ForkjHumooldt Aug. 24. 12 tn!Pl»r 3
Czarina '.Seattle Aug. -¦». 11 amtPter n
Corona JSan DIpro Aug. 25. 11 amPj 1 \\
Ccxjullle R. [Grays Harbor Aug. 23 \~*\ ¦•
Columbia .. Portland...... jAuff. 28, 11 am Pief zt
Pomona . . Humboldt [Aug. 2fi, 2pm<Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. [ Aus- -7. ". pm'Pier 2
lionita Newport JAuK- T.. Sa^ilPipr 11
Peru NewWorlt IAoK.23, 1Jrr.iP.YJSS
Eureka .. ..IHumftoldt lAvgiO, ITamJi'irr M
Hon>rk'K M.'t-Tilna&Japan Ausr. 39, 1 ptn[P2tSS
Santa RrisaiSan Dieso Au;:. 2".'. n amlPier !i
City Pueblal Victoria iAui. S. n amiPi<r '.»
Arcata Too* Bay tAus. "A 12 mirier 1"
State Tal.. [Portlan'l Ausr. ::i. l'.amPi.r .'1
Coos I5ay..!N>wport Aug. SI. ;> am'Pirr 11
' Steam-r. I Destination. I SaUs. I Pier.
_ { r : , „¦
Uma Mia ..(Victoria.. (Aug. 24, U am|Pier 9
O Time Time Time Time
P .' L. W H W L, W H W
S Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
34 ... 4:45 0.1 11:35 6.3 4:55 2.1 11:04 5.4
35... 5:17 0.4 12:08 5.3 5:33 1.8 11:47 5.2
26... 5:47 0.8 12:38 5.3 6:14 1.7
H W X. W H W L. W
17 ... 0:30 4.8 6:18 1.2 1:05 8.2 6.54 1.5
28... 1:14 4.5 6:»j 1.6 1:31 5.1 7:31 1.4
29 ... 2:00 4.3 7:14 1.9 1:5S 5.1 8:15 1.3
80 ... 2:53 4.0 7:45 2.3 2:26 5.1 9:06 1.2
North ForkjHumooldt Aug. 24. 12 tn!Pl»r 3
Czarina '.Seattle Aug. -¦». 11 amtPter n
Corona JSan DIpro Aug. 25. 11 amPj 1 \\
Ccxjullle R. [Grays Harbor Aug. 23 \~*\ ¦•
Columbia .. Portland...... jAuff. 28, 11 am Pief zt
Pomona . . Humboldt [Aug. 2fi, 2pm<Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. [ Aus- -7. ". pm'Pier 2
lionita Newport JAuK- T.. Sa^ilPipr 11
Peru NewWorlt IAoK.23, 1Jrr.iP.YJSS
Eureka .. ..IHumftoldt lAvgiO, ITamJi'irr M
Hon>rk'K M.'t-Tilna&Japan Ausr. 39, 1 ptn[P2tSS
Santa RrisaiSan Dieso Au;:. 2".'. n amlPier !i
City Pueblal Victoria iAui. S. n amiPi<r '.»
Arcata Too* Bay tAus. "A 12 mirier 1"
State Tal.. [Portlan'l Ausr. ::i. l'.amPi.r .'1
Coos I5ay..!N>wport Aug. SI. ;> am'Pirr 11
Steamer. >1 J -' From. I rhie.
Steamer.
From.
Pomona .|Seattle ,Aug. Zi
Marlposa iSydney lAu?. 24
Thyra..... [China and Japan.. .„.;.. Auk. :»
Tants [Hamburg. ....[Aug. 24
Coqullle River. |Son Pedro | A ug. 23
Bonlta Newport Aug. 13
City ot Puebla. Victoria Aug. 'JA
San Mateo. N'anaimo Aug. 2S
Curacao Mexico Aug. :' t
Fbnta Kosa •¦'an D!e«rr> Aug.r
Empire Cwa Bay Aug.IT
Mackinaw S*attl*> Aus. Z7
Kureka ......... Humboldt Aug . 27
'Jattrawan Tacomn Auy, 2^
Newburg; ... Grays Harbor Ausc. If
China .* China and Japan Auar. ?s
State of Ca! jl'ortland Aug. 23
>rcata iCoos Kay iAun.N
Coo3 Bay INewport [Aug. 23
Point Arena ... Point Arona Aug. 31)
Acapulco ... New York Aug. Z-)
Walla. Walla...'. Victoria.- Aus. *>
N'orth Fork HumboMt Aug. 3<J
Crescent City ..[Crescent City... |Aus.3D
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
! «v Steamers bave Broadway
| wfcnrf, San Francisco:
I ffifob. For Alaskan Ports— 11 a.
' lS5 l^^V m - Au » ust -'• -•'¦ S*Vt. I.
r^£?^J5&2>k Change to company's steam-
' S »k tfi&!! v5& ers a * Seattle.
j I 9.£&!?sA VVJ Fir Victoria. Vancouver
i Sl&Ab?Ki*sL] ( ' ! - c >- Port Townsend. S*-
! i|/ att! ". Taeoma. Everott, v "i-
| cortes an>1 New What com
I (Wash.) — 11 a. m.. Anxttrt
• ?4. 19. Sept. 3. and every fifth -lay thereaft»r.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamer*
for Alaska and G. .V. R-y : at Seattle or Ta-
coir.a to N. P. R'v; at Vancouver to C. P. R"y.
For Eureka. Humboldt l\cv — 2 r ni August
18. 31. Sept. 5. and every fifth flay f han~»rter.~
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, Simeon. Cayu-
ccs. Port Harford »San Lu!s Obispc). Gavirita
I Santa Rarhara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro!
East San Pedro (Los Angelas) and N»wport *
a. rr... August 23. 27. 31. Sept. 4. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego. 5topping only at Port Har-
fcrd (?an Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angelas and Redondo (Los Ansrelesi— 11
a. m. . Ausust 25. 20. Sept. 2. and every fourth
<!ay the<-eaft»r.
Fnr Ensenada. Ma^dalena Pay, San Jose d»l
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, Ijo. Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Ouaymas (Mexico) — 10 a. m.. 7th of
each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers. Ballln? dates and hours of sa!!!n?
¦without previous notice.
TICKET OFKICE-4 New Montgomery
street JPalace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO.. Gen. A?»nts.
10 Market it.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & ?i CO;
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO i>
From Spear-street WTiarf at 11 A. M.
FARF I L 2 / lrSt 51?," Eluding Berth
THflt $8 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Aujrust 31
COLUMBIA sails August 28. Sept 5
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane Butte
Helena and all points In ths Northwest."
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General A«ent.
830 Market it.
GOOD ALL. PERKINS A CO..
Superintendents.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WIT>L LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kob* (HIobo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Wednesday. August 29. 1300
SS. NIPPON MARU
Saturdav. September 23. 1909
SS. AMERICA M A RU.. Wednesday. Oot. 17. 19CO
Via Honolulu.
Round-trlr* tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlce,
421 Market »treet. comer of First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
¦XTT YORK. SC0T3AHPTC3. LOSOOS. MXn,
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
i From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul Sept. MSt. Paul Sept. M
I St. Louis Sept. 12) St. Louia Oct. %
I New York Sept. 19 New York Oct. 10
RED STAR LINE.
New York ?nd Antwerp. W,
Frrirn New York Everv YTednr*day. 12 noon^
Southwark Sept. 5j Noordland Sept C'
Westernland ...Sept. 12 Frleslimd Oct.' i
Kensington ....Sept. i:» BOBtbtnuk Oct. ID
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery Street.
COMPASNIE QS5EKALS TRAJfSATLASTIQUE.
! DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS. »__
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of <<T/»- r "fi k
Saturday, from November 2. 133f>. at ->¦¦'>» *4!
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street. LA TOL'RAINE. August 3":
L'AQL'ITAIXE. Sept. 8; LA BRETAGNE.
Sept. It; L,V IX)RRAINE. Sept. 2f>. First class
to Havre. $S2 50 ami upward. Second class to
Havre. $r» and upward; 5 r*?r cent reduction ort
round trio. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES art) CANADA. 32 Broadway
I Hudson huiWlnir). New York. J. F. FVGAZI
& CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Montgomery
avenue. San Francisco.
OCEANIC R.S. CO.-IIOXOMrLU, APIA
Ai:CKf.A>'D AXP SYDNEY.
F. P. MARIPOSA ( via Hotmi1uIu> 'to. New
Zealand and Austrrilia Wed.. Sept. 5, 8 n m
S. S. AUSTRAIJA (HnnoJulu only)
Wednesday, Sept. 13, 2 p. m.
£ S D if!S*$55£ & "' Os - <;0 - *««** •* WantiMWJOTf
Plw 7. *«at Pacific it frwohtU4»c« 3Z~> wWket St
BAY AND^ RIVER STEAMEKS.
FOB 0. S. BAYY YARD AND VAILEJS.
Steamer "Alontlcella.** , i
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat.^Jk 15
a. m.. 3:15. &:& p. m. (ex. Thurs. nigh*>7l-".H-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. -10:30 a. m.. 3
p. m. Landing and offlre. Misaion-ntreet Dock.
I Pier No, •. Telephone Main 1J0S.
I FARE 309KEXOSHA, Wls.. Aug. 23.— The Desplainee
River in the western part of the county has
overflowed Its banks. Damage to crops will
probably exceed $100,000.
NEW ORLEANS. Augr. 23.— Sam Fields, a
youngr nuero, was shot to death by a mob of
white men laat night. near White Fall, in Uv
ingstone Parish. Fields hail attempted an as
sault en Mr?. Peter Poche.
ASHEVILLE, X. C. Aug. 23.— A girl baby
has been born to Mrs. O«orse Vanderbflt tn
Biltmore House. Mr. Vanderbllt announces
that her name will be Cornelia Stuyvesant.
The baby is heir to a fortune of $30,000,000.
' JANKSVILL.E. W!b.. Aur. 23.— A terrific hall,
wind and rain ptorm visited this section this
afternoon. Several farm bulldincs were de
utroyed and whole fields of tobacco were cut
to pieces. The damage Is estimated at $100,000.
WASHINGTON, Aut. 23.— William M. John
son, the newly appointed First Assistant Popt
mastPr General, arrived in Washington to-day
and took the oath of office. Mr. John3on will
no; tx Bin bis new duties until the latter part
of September.
WASHINGTON, Augr. 23.— The population of
Jersey City and Hoboken, N. J., was made pub
lic by the census office to-day. Jersey City
hae a population of 206,423, against 163,003 for
1830 en increase of 43,130, or 26.64 per cent.
Hoboken's population is E3.S44. as against 48,648
for 1S90. an increase of 15,716, or 38.01 per cent.
CHICAGO. Aug. 23.— Announcement is made
of the organization of the National > Starch
Company, with a capitalization of $13,000,000,
n'f which $10. 000.0<X> will be Issued. The officers
will be: President, W. F. Piel Jr.,- Chicago;
T F Klnssford and W. I L Coles, vice presi
dents'; J. V. lUee'-na, secretary, and Jojr Mor
ton, Chicago, chairman.
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
These figures show for the city as a
whole a decrease in population of 37,897,
or SG.9S per cent from 1S90 to 1900.
The population in 1S80 was 30.51S, show-
Ing an increase of 100,934, or 3C0.23 per cent
from 1SS0 to IRtt).
This is the first decrease in population
so far shown In the enumeration f>t a
city. Director of the Census Merriam was
asked about it, but he refused to say any
thing, but in other official circles ' the
charge was made that the rolls ten years
ago were padded. It Is claimed that" the
old hotel registers and other devices were
utilized in swelling the population of the
.city at that time.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 23.— The popula
tion of the city of. Omaha, Neb., according
to the official count of the returns of the
twelfth ce-.isus, is 102,555 for 1000, against
Padded.
Census Returns Indicate That the
Count Last Time Was Greatly
OMAHA LOSES FORTY
THOUSAND IN POPULATION
SONOMA. Aug. 23.— A farmers' Institute
was opened in Union Hall to-night. Pro
fessor D. T. Fowler and Professor F.T.
Fowler and Professor F. T.'Blolettl of the
University of California made addresses.
The session will last two days.' 1 The fol
lowing programme was carried out this
evening.* Opening remarks, Hon. Robert
Howe; invocation. Rev. , Henry *\Pearce;
vocal solo, Mrs.? Emparan; "Varieties', of
Grapes for Various Purposes and Locali
ties."'Professor F.T.Bioletti; vocal solo,
Benjamin Weed; "What . the Institutes
Are Accomplishing," Professor ; D. T.
Fowler: song. Miss N. Haraszthy ; ; ad
dress, F. T. Duhring.
Fanners'. Institute.
CHICAGO, Aug. 23.— Contracts were
closed here to-day for the building of a
number of steel ships by the • American
Ship Building Company. Seventeen have
already been contracted for. The rush, it
is said, is due principally to the drop in
the price of steel, the current price being
$25 per. ton for steel plates, as compared
with 170 during boom tlmea.; The seven
teen boats contracted for previous to to
day will cost about $3,700,000, and will have
a combined carrying capacity, of 90,000
tons. ¦ The building work will give em
ployment to 7000 men. All the boats con
tracted for are to be freighters.
Responsible for the Numerous
Orders. ¦
Drop in the Price of Steel Plates Is
MANY CONTRACTS L^T
FOR BUILDING OF SHIPS
PARIS, Aug. 23.— As the result of in
attention or a blunder over one hundred
cadets from the United States training
ship Monongahela were obliged to sleep
in the parks and streets of Paris last
night. The vessel is at Havre and the
boys came here to spend two days at the
exposition and arrangements were made
to house them at a boys' college in Paris.
The party was In charge of a lieutenant,
but when night arrived the lieutenant was
not on hand to pilot the boys to the
shelter. They were unacquainted with
the French language and unable to seek
assistance they walked about Paris until
tired. Then they took possession of
benches in the parks and on the boule
vards.
m
hela, Owing to a Blunder, Had
No Place to Rest.
Boys From Training Ship Mononga-
CADETS FORCED TO SLEEP
IN PARKS OF PARIS
Republicans Organize.
GUINDA, . Aug. 23.-A McKinley and
Roosevelt Club was organized at this
place Tuesday evening, under the most
favorable auspices. ¦ County Central Cora
mltteeman Clark called the meeting to
order and the . following officers *• were
elected-. President, D. W. E. : Trueblood;
vice president, J.": R. Clark; secretary, R.
L.. Niemann: treasurer, Thomas-. Steele;
executive committee— D. T. Rockhold.-R.
B: Clink. L, - M.' Tittle and J. i P. Powell.
Meetings will be held from time to time,
and all current issues will be discussed.
Fifty persons signed. the membership roll;
Indicted for Burglary.
'-.-NEW. YORK, Aug. 23.— The Grand Jury
to-day Indicted Frederick Scharn, brother
of the murdered girl Kate Scharn, for
burglary. on the evidence* of Mrs. Kehoe,
whor occupied rooms near Miss Scharn
and who accuses the young man of steal
ing her -watch. If the prisoner -should bo
released on • habeas corpus to-morrow , the
Solice will j rearrest . him on ; the I charge of
urglary. ' .-.•>'.
Assistant Cashier of Omaha National
Bank and a Prominent Capital- •
1st the Victims.
OMAHA, Neb., Aug. 23.— Edwin E.
Balch. assistant cashier of the Omaha
National Bank, was assaulted in his
berth on the Northwestern road, near
ISoone, Iowa, early this morning and
robbed of $130.
On the arrival of the train in this city
he was removed to his home and a phy
sician summoned. While serious, his in
juries are not dangerous. Mr. and Mrs.
Amoretti of this city were also plundered
by the robbers to the extent of a small
sum. They were not awakened by the
robbers. The affair is a mysterious one,
as every one in the car was asleep at the
time, and there is no clew as to who the
perpetrator of. the robbery is.
Balch is now recovering consciousness
and when able to talk may shed some
light upon the affair. It is supposed he
was awakened by the robber and knocked
insensible to prevent an outcry.
Mr. Balch had a hemorrhage after ar
riving In the city, but It is believed he
will recover.' •
The theory of the railway people Is that
the robber spotted him in Chicago, where
he was calling upon bankers yesterday,
and that the robber rode in the chair car
until reaching a sjnall station in .Western
Iowa, when Tie. entered the sleeping car
and attacked Mr. Balch.
Hon. W. A. Paxton, one of the leading
capitalists of this city, was robbed some
time during last-.night while sleeping in
his berth on the Illinois Central. , The
thief secured 1150 in money, some valu
able papers and a. number of railroad
passes. ¦ : - ¦¦ j
TWO ROBBERIES OCCUR
IN PULLMAN CARS
E$win Arnold and is charged with em-
Arnold Is Extradited.
1 WASHINGTON, Aug. 23.-The State De
partment to-day forwarded to the uritisn
embassy extradition papers for Julian T.
B. Aj-nold, wanted In England and now
held at San Francisco. He is a eon of Sir
a local aeronaut, died here to-day as the
result of a fall received in a performance
yesterday. The parachute failed to open
ajid he fell 1000 feet.
'arachute Failed to'Open and He Fell
a Distance of One Thousand
Feet.
DELPHOS. Ohio. Aug. 23.— Harry Davis,
AERONAUT DIES AS
THE RESULT OF INJURIES
Secretary of Mexican Ijegtition. at
Washington Speaks on "Gen
eral Agriculture.*'
COLORADO SPRINGS. Colo.. Aug. 23.—
The Farmers' Congress was addressed to
day by Senor Jose Romero, Second Secre
tary of the Mexican Legation at Washing
ton. He spoke of "general agriculture."
but with particular reference to the indus
try in his own country. He showed that
no country in the world has made more
rapid progress. He heartily approved of
the Interest being taken in the develop
ment of the vast resources of his country
by citizens of the United States, and gave
an extremely bright picture of what the
results of the next few years are bound
to be in Mexico. The congress passed a
resolution thanking the speaker and also
his Government for sending him there.
Resolutions were adopted favoring lib
eral appropriations for rivers and harbors;
the early construction of an inter-oceanic
canal between the Atlantic and the J'a
c!fic; the bill now pending- In Washington
making Imitation butter subject to the
laws of any State where taUer. and in
crnasim? the taxation of imitation of
yellow butter. addirK. however, no ad
ditional burden on oleomargarine, which
1b of such distinct color as to apprise the
consumer of its nature; commending Sec
retary Wilson in his efforts for fhe collec
tion and distribution of seeds, but recom
mending that the distribution be through
TTnited Staie? experimental stations and
not through member* of Conpress; favor
ing rural mail delivery: protesting against
leasing of public domain, favorine investi
gation of irrigated agriculture by United
fitates experimental stations and favoring
liberal appropriations for the same.
DIPLOMAT ADDRESSES
THE FARMERS' CONGRESS
In the Forty-fourth District a desperate
fight is being waged against A. Ruef,
whose skill in wresting the County Com
mittee from Kelly and Crimmins provoked
WOLFE TICKET.
State— G. Gunzendor
fer, John F. Gallagher.
B. W. Tucker. W. M.
Abbott, D. D. Hunt,
Richard Keller, Edgar I
Briggs, A. J. Raisch,
W. Schlesslnger, Frank
McGowan. MUNICI
PAL—H. A. Oaer. J. G.
Lelbert, John Higgins,
E. L. Cook. A. F. Al
len, T. L. Henderson,
J. P. McMurray,
Gforge H. Fairchlld.
Arthur G. Hawley,
Frank Batoraan. James
E. Field. Edward
Walsh. John E. Green.
B L. Christin. Daniel
Foley, T. V. Maxwell,
D. C. n. McCarthy. J.
Jacobson, W. J. Ram-
Bay.
ANTI-WOLFE
TICKET.
State— John S. Law
son, CharleB T. Schup
j»ert, J. C. Owenet, John
Hisclns, N. Schlessin
gcr, James H. Humph
ries. Irvine B. Cook,
George \V. Fuller/Wil
liam N. Ibprg. M.
Wertheimer. MUNICI
PAL—H. P. Umbsen.
Edgar RrljfKH. M. M.
Stern, E. L. Cook. John
Tuttle, John C. Cullen,
George D. Clark, D. C.
B. McCarthy, John J.
Castlen, Ed L. Chrls
tln. Charles Alpers,
William Clark. Wil
liam J. Jones, W. H.
Barrows, T. L. Hen
derson, Carl L. Koster,
Dr. J. W. Hamilton.
W. J. Ramsay. Philip
Rogers.
Thirty-Seventh District.
bitter boss opposition. The two tickets In
this district are:
Forty-Fourth District.
RUEF TICKET. ANTI-RUEF TICKET.
State— W. F. Fltz- State — W 11 Ham
perald, K. D. Feusler, Schenck, Charles
E. Patrlzi. D. W. Wes- White, Charles Dusen
eenberg, E. C. Kalben, berry, Steve Veccari,
M. Tonnlssen, N. Fer-jCharles Cuneo, George
roglaro. Municipal— L. Bart els, William Col-
A. Kpa. Charles H. liRan. Municipal — Ju-
Sommerlad, A. Campa-jlius Godeau, Charles
na, Alex Campbell Jr., Sommerlad, William
A. J. Dondero. A. Ruef, Cuneo. N. Jurss. R.
J. S. Godpau, P. Han- Deminss, William Fltz
sen, Frank Marinl, perald, Al J. Gllbart.
Adam LiOh, Harry George Bardette. John
Hurt, H. J. Perazzi, E. Quirk. Ed Nellman,
C. Amedce. Dave Crowley. Peter
McGowan, James Far-
I rally.
The statement published in one of the
papers yesterday, wherein. William Metz
ner was classed as a Kelly-Crimmins man
caused a deal of comment. In the County
Committee Mr. Metzner is an open and
avowed opponent of the bosses.
The Greek-American Republican Club
Greek Republicans Meet.
REPTTBUCAIC county committee
men who take orders from Martir
Kelly and Phil Crimmins confess
defeat in advance of the battle.
I-ast night they assembled at Shiels Hail
and decided to resort to Irregularity; in
timidation ajid fraud. They resolved to
ignore the requirements of the State Cen
tral Committee and the plan of primary
el<-ction officially adopted by the Repub
lican County Committee. They command
ed in effect, by resolution, that election
returns should be sent to Shiels Hall to
be canvassed by Martin Kelly. The pre
cincte wherein the boeses have control of
the election boards will probably obey the
order of the boss. It is needless to say
that the chairman and secretary of the
Republican County Committee will insist
that the provisions of the official call
FhaJI be respected and that returns sent
to a plaee other than the headquarters of
the County Committee will not be con
sidered.
The bosses have an idea that so much
confusion and demoralization will be pro- i
duced that the State Committee may be
persuaded to intervene and a?k that the j
bosses be given by compromise a recog- 1
nition which they could not win in a t'aar
primary election.
The desperate followers of the chagrined
and dethroned bosses threaten to smasn I
taJiot boxes and create havoc generally; 1
but the straight stalwart ami-boss Re
publicans are prepared to maintain their j
rights. The delegates fairly ar.d honestly !
elected trill receive credentials from the
properly constitute-d authority. The de
cent Republicans of San Francisco will
obey the law and obeerve to the letter th-.?
conditions ret forth by the governing '
bodies of the party.
Before tho boese* openly resolved on the
rule or ruin policy they accepted tickets.
ballot boxe? ar.d admission cards for their
representatives from the County Comnut
tee. After such acceptance they resolved
to recognize only the cards of a/iruissiun
to the polling places which the, bosses in
each district saw fit to indorse. The
bosses may go a step further and estab
lish polling places of their own in two or
three districts. Yesterday a committee
man of the Thirty-first District obtained
possession of two ballot boxes" without
authority of the district committee.
The call for the meeting at Shiels Hall
¦was quietly circulated by the bosses yes
terday afternoon.
The meeting was held in Western Hall
in the Shiels building, 22 O'Farreil street,
in response to a call issued by the chair
man of the county commiuecmen of sev
eral of the Kelly-Crimmins Assembly dis
tricts. Forty were present; all told. Sev
eral showed their lack of interest by leav
ing b^rore the meeting had progressed
far. and at least three of the committee
men present were not in sympathy with
the purposes of the mooting. The resolu
tions snd motions that w«.re adopted re
ceived only half-hearted support, not more
than a dozen voices, being heard when
they were put to a vote.
Augustus Tilden. who was chairman of
the rump conference of ihe County Cen
tral Committee held Tuesday night, called
the meeting to order, and he was chosen
to preside during the evening. George L.
fciii-.rp was chosen as secretary.
Iveoti Samuels made a iong-winded
tpeech in condemnation of Chairman Hou- |
vier's appointment of the returning board *
and the g*cr.ei-ai management of party af- '
fairs by the anti-bess element. He con
cluded by moving that "the respective As
sembly District organizations of county
committeemen recognize no cards of ad
mission to the polling places at the pri
mary except those signed by the chair
man and secretary of the district commit
tee; that the district eoir.mittees meet in
this hall to-morrow nigM to receive re
turns; that they act upon them as a re
turning board: that the ballots be depos
ited with this body—"
Samuels was interrupted here in the
statement of his complex motion by Dr.
R. C. Myer, and a hall" huur was spent by
these two in an argument over the only
truly legal manner to do an illegal and
irregular thing.
"It is to be desired." said Dr. Myer.
"that we proceed along lines absolutely
legr.!. This meeting has not been called
in such a manner as to make possible the
action proposed by Mr. Samuels. By the
call for the primary this meeting, called
as it was, can be only a conference, and
a motion cannot be pa?sed that would be
binding-. Let us not throw away our op
portunity and our work by taking a pai
paf'ly illegal course.
"I have a plan to offer as a substitute.
Ij^x the district committees elect repre
sentatives who shitil constitute a return
ing board. It can meet here and cam ass
ihe returns legally."
Samuels Interposed thp- obieotion to Dr.
Myer's plan that the district committeees
had no power to appoint a returning
board. They themselves, h: contended,
¦were the only bodies authorized to can
vops the returns. He admitted that the
KLelly and Crimmins
Order Henchmen to
Ignore the Regular
Committee and Send
Returns Elsewhere.
notion of the rump meeting could have no
i-inding effect on the district committees,
but said it would be advisory in nature,
serving to guide the district committees
to act in concert.
As- a result of the discussion Samuel3
moved that it be the sense of the meet
in,? that "the Assembly District commit
tees meet in Charity Hall of this building
to-morrow (Friday) evening at 7. o'clock
each committee to act as a returning
board for the returns from its district."
"From Umo immemorial," T. H. Mc-
Carthy of the Thirty-ninth District said,
"the chairman of the County Central
Committee has made a report of the re
sults of the primary to the State Central
Committee. Mr. Bouvier will do so in thl3
case of returns made as specified in tho
call. I submit that any gentleman having
a grievance can secure redress at the
hands of the State Central Committee.
Why should we undertake to constitute a
returning- board? We in the Thirty-ninth
District will make our returns to the
place designated in the call. I did not
understand the object of this meeting or
1 would not have been here."
The motion was put to vote and car
ried.
Samuels then offered a resolution to the
effect that the chairman and secretary
of each district commit.ee should issue
credentials to delegates whom their can
vass showed to have been elected. The.
resolution was adopted.
The other measure fathered by Samuels,
that cards of admission to polling places
issued by the chairman and secretary of
the County Central Commniee should not
be recognized, was lost sight of, but after
adjournment blank cards of admission, to
be filled out and signed by the chairman
and secretary of the district committee,
were distributed to the committeemen
present; also blank certificates of election,
to be furnished by them to the delegates
chosen in their districts.
As a result of the rump meeting the
districts in which Kelly-Crimmins com
mitteemen are in the majority will send
their returns to Shiels Hall, where they
will be canvassed under the supervision
of Martin Kelly. Returns from other dis
tricts will be sent to the County Central
Committee headquarters and canvassed
by the returning board.
"We believe that at least nine of the
eighteen districts." said Augustus Tilden,
chairrtian of the rump meeting, last night,
"will send us their returns. We count on
the Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, Thirty
llrst. Thirty-second, Thirty-sixth, Thirty
seventh, Thirty-eighth, Forty-third and
Forty-fifth districts."
In several of these the favorable atti
tude of the committeemen to the bosses
is not assured and their returns may go
to the regular returning board.
There are indications of a bitter fight
in the Forty-fourth Assembly District.
The tickets there are known as Ruef and
anti-Ruef. The Ruef ticket is classed by
the County Committee as the regular
! ticket. Hot times are expected in the
Twenty-ninth, Thirtieth, Thirty-first,
Thirty-third and Thirty-fourth districts.
There will be an interesting contest and
! a very large vote in the Forty-first As
| sembly District, but no rowdyism is ex
| peeled. The business men, taxpayers and
I workingmen of Republican faith have re
polved to turn out and elect an anti-Dib
ble delegation. The young men of tho
Korty-Jlrst are leading the opposition to
Dibble. Special care should be taken to
inspect the ticket before depositing tho
ballot. Dibble has placed some prominent
men on the State delegate ticket. The
pil/lile joker Is in the Legislative and
judicial ticket.
In order that the voters of the Forty
first District may not be misled or con
fused The Call publishes beneath in paral
lel the two tickets.
Forty-First District.
DIBBLE TICKET. i ANTI -DIBBLE
STATE — Milton n. | TICKET.
E?b«re, W. C Van 1 STATE— J. C. Camp-
Fleet, George Stone, Ibfll. C. A. BurtlefT, A.
I \\. S. Wood. Vfaken>ld G. Towne. J. C. Cur
. Baker, V.'. J. Dutttm, rier. F. A. Denicke, A.
: William C. Alberger. :D. Cutler. C. A. Mur
; Arthur W. Spear. Isaac dock. • R. R. Blgelow,
: <¦*. Kydd, W. H. Tregan- I. Graham, S. C. Irv
i owen. MUNICIPAL— Ing. MUNICIPAL— H.
H. O. W. Dinkel*piei. O. Beatty, H. W.
¦ William A. Sexton, Campbell A. M. Rosen
! 1'atrlck Du?an. W. R. : baum, S. Forbes. E. B.
i Nixon. Eli J. Wilkln- Cutter. B. Palmer. W.
i son, P. Shaen, K. J.H. Hemmer, C. B. Por
j Attridpe, William J ter Jr.. J. W. Rein
i Barton. Daniol CVCon- feld. I. F. Kydd A. H.
I nor, W. G. LeaJe. Rob- • Herman. F. T. Finch, !
• ert A. Grier. Samuel H. G. Schroerter. E. C.
Guthrie. Ogden Hoff-'Landta. O. C. Pratt, H.
rr-.an. It. C. Daniels, ;K. Hopps. R. K. Cump-
John J. Devlin. W. J .jbell. F. C. Selfridge. :
Hatman. Alfred Bowes,! '
Mas Ludwic. I
In the Thirty-seventh Assembly Dis
| trict an effort will be made to elect a
i delegation favorable to Eddie Wolfe for
State Senator to represent the Thlrty
! Eeve&th and Thirty-eighth districts, which
¦ corr.poFe the Senatorial District. Ei'ery
i self-respecting anti-boss Republican in
: the district should vote the anti-Wolfe
I ticket. Here are the two tickets:
REPUBLICANS, BEWARE OF THIS TO-DAY
AT THE PRIMARIES I
BOSSES CONFESS DEFEAT AND
MAKE PREPARATIONS TO BE BOLT
The club parade was headed by the
members* brass band, under the leader
ship of Albert Stevenson. Then came the
officers, as follows: President, Thomas
W. Collins: vice presidents, Richard D.
Faulkner. James D. Brown and Sheriff
John Lackmann; secretary, N. E. Mason;
corresponding secretary, TV. O. Cue;
treasurer, Oscar A. Tolle: executive com
mittee—J. P. Kincald, G. D. O'Neill. J. K.
Jones, M. F. Taylor and L. J. Ishhelm.
The feature was, however, the club
drill corps, Company B, seventy-five
strong, composed of the ex-members of
the First Regiment. Company A was also
in line and made a fine showing. The
parade marched to the Palace Hotel to
escort Colonel Stone to their hall on
Eddy street, where interesting speeches
were made by President Collins, Colonel
Stone, W. M. Cutter, Alfred Bouvler.
Judge Dibble and Judge Belcher. All the
speakers complimented the club on its
fine marching array and excellent band.
A banquet was then Served in the club
rooms.
On the return to the hall The Call was
The Bear Club, the official marching
club of the Republican County Central
Committee, fired the first shot of the
campaign last night when, with the blare
of band and salute of blazing torches. It
showed Its appreciation of The Call's
stand for decent politics.
on Initial Outing.
CALL SERENADED BY "BEABS."
Marching Club Makes Fine Display
Anti-Boss Republicans
\A/ill RespectLaw eind
Requirements of the
State Committee and
Surely Win Out. /
serenaded by the band, amid the glow of
red fire and great enthusiasm.
Walk-Out in the Forty-Second.
The Bryan and Stevenson Democratic
Club of the Forty-second Assembly Dis
trict met last night at Golden Gate Hall.
Louis de F. Bartlett waa appointed b7
the organization committee to preside at
the meeting, but before he arrived at the
hall a member of the opposition had as
sumed charge of affairs and nominated
delegates to suit himself.
After the meeting had adjourned. Bart
lett attempted to annul his predecessor's
action, but the larger part of the crowd
had left the hall. The delegates nomi
nated are as follows: R. P. Troy, R. F.
Cunningham, Antone Flynn, Jacob Cohen,
J. G. Jeffries, W. J. Crandell. Joseph
Abrams. John Kennedy, B. Angonett and
James Humphreys.
Democrats of the Thirty-Sixth.
At -a meeting last night of the Demo
crats of the Thirty-sixth District the fol
lowing were named as delegates: J. Cro
fek, B. McKenna. E. B. Parr. H. L. Rae.
R. Phonasphefkl R. P. Julian P. J. Mc-
Cormick, R. J. O Reilly, Max Popper and
F. Courtney.
Extra Train to State Convention.
To accommodate the- delegates and at
tendants at the Republican State Con
vention the Southern Pacific Company
will run the 4:15 p. m. narrow gauge train
from this city on September 4 through, to
Santa Cruz.
MATTOS FOB THE ASSEMBLY".
The Centerville Attorney Had No Op-
position in the Convention That
Met at Pleasanton.
PLEASANTON, Aug. 23.— The Republi
can Assembly Convention of the Forty
sixth District to-day nominated John G.
Mattos Jr. of Centerville for the As
sembly without opposition, as The Call
predicted. J. C. Crooks of Haywards an
nounced his withdrawal from the fight at
a meeting of the Haywords Republican
Club a few days ago. and an effort was
made to get G. W. Largan of Haywards
into the fight in the hopes of defeating
Mattos. But Langan decided that dis
cretion was the better part of valor, and
that Mattos had all the delegates that he
wanted, and he did not go before the con
vention.
The convention organized with T.- "W.
Harris as chairman and George Wales as
secretary. A committee upon credentials
composed of F. Mally of Livermore. H. E.
Brunner of Haywards and I. H. Whitfield
of Newark settled upon. the authority of
a few proxies, and then A. R. Waters ol
Niles nominated J. G. Mattos Jr., F. Mal
ly seconded the nomination and there
being no other candidates he was unani
mously chosen.
The members of the County Committee
were announced in The Call this morn
ing. H. E. Brunner of Haywards. George
Wales of Newark and Tom Knox of
Pleasanton.
PANIC STRICKEN HE
DIVED TO HIS DEATH
Unknown Colored Boy Meets Tragic
End While Rowing: Off the
Broadway Wharf.
A negro boy iff the employ of Thomas
Crowley, the boatman, was drowned off
Boardv.-n.y wharf last evening.
The boy was rowing about in a white
hall boat when the sight of the tug Ida
bearin? directly down upon his frail craft
filled him with panic. Eyewitnesses say
that the boy gave one look at the ap
proaching tug and then dived over the
side of his boat to swim ashore. He must
have become seized with cramps, as the
water was smooth and the distance to the
wharf short. After swimming a tew
strokes he sank.
The body was not recovered. To the
boatmen and the Crowleys. for whom he
had been working but a few days, the boy
was known as "Beau." He is said to have
a sister living on Pacific street. He left
his coat, which contains no clew to his
identity, on a seat of the Whitehall.
KN"OWI»AirD NOMINATED.
His Name Put Through Without Op
position in a Love Feast Con
vention.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 23.— Assemblyman Jo
seph Knowland was renomlnated to-night
as the Republican candidate for Assem
blyman from the Forty-seventh Assembly
District as a fitting reward for his record
in the last Legislature. The convention,
held at Enclnal Club Hall, waa a love
feast. There had not been the slightest
opposition at the primaries to the "popu
lar young representative. J. H. W. Ritey
called the convention to order. K. H.
Marwedel of Fruitvale was chosen chair
man and Frank P. Browning wa.* secre
tary. Senator E. K. Taylor nominated
Mr. Knowland with a brief speech eulo
gistic of the last Legislature. FranU
Storer of Elmhurst seconded the nomina
tion, which upon motion of Colonel Georgo
Babcock was made by acclamation. Tho
nominee made a graceful speech in appre
ciation of the nomination. He said:
"I am honored doubly by receiving the
unanimous nomination at the hands of
the Republicans of thi3 district. I trust
that in the event of my re-election there
will be no reason for you to regret my
selection."
Colonel Eabcock. Superior Judse John
Ellsworth and E. R. Anthony ma<*e short
addresses commending Mr. Knowlaml's
candidacy. D. \V. Toffelmeler, J. H. W.
Riley and J. B. T-anktree were elected
County Committeemen. The purity of
election committee is as follows: J. C.
Bates, E. K. Taylor. \V. B. Hinehman,
Philip Klernan and Frank Storer.
The Alameda Republican dub has nomi
nated the following delegates to the State-
Convention at Santa Cruz: A. Ft. Haralin.
Hervey Darneal. John Seeberk. J. I?.
Barber. Samuel Frank. David Hirschfeld,
J. N. Young and E. K. Taylor.
CHARLES G. ADAMS IS
FOUND GUILTY BY JURY
Slayer of Edgar S. Kepner Convicted
of Murder in the Second
Degree.
In the case of Charles G. Adams, who
shot and killed Edgar S. Kepner, the
jury at a late hour last night returned a
verdict of murder in the second degree.
On the opening of court yesterday morn
ing ex-Judge" Robert Ferral began his
argument on behalf of the defendant. He
voiced his views of the case until the
noon hour. Assistant District Attorney
Alford made the closing argument on be
half of the prosecution, closing at i
o'clock Judge Lawlor charged the jury
and shortly after 5 o'clock it retired to
deliberate on a verdict. : v* ':
¦ The trial of the defendant proved to the
satisfaction of court and Jury that the im
mediate cause of the homicide was the
enmity caused by Adams' discharge by
Kepner on the ground that the defendant
had displeased the dead man's customers.
That Mrs. Kepner's ¦ name was wrong
fully connected with the killing of her
husband was made equally plain, not
alone by the establishment of another
.motive, but by direct testimony of wit
nesses for both the prosecution and the
defense. /• -^ T •
HOW JACK MOFFATT WAS
RESCUED BY TELEPHONE
Daring Life-Saving at the Ocean
Beach in Two Feet of
"Water.
Jack Moffatt, prizefighter, was rescued
last Tuesday afternoon from the angry
deep of the shallow breakers that swish
and swash about the Olympic salt water
pier off the beach. So at least says thn
telephone reporter of the "Monarch of the
Dallies." J. Moffatt was rescued, not i>v
Jack Kelly, according to the "Monarch,''
but by a long-distance telephone with a
"Jollying" prizefighter manager at tho
news-giving end. Sara Pooler gave the
fake newa. The "Monarch" printed It.
The maddest man in seven countips
was Jack Moffatt yesterday. When he
read of his own life-saving he waa a
fighter Indeed. At first he thought it waj
the work of a practical joker who "ter.d>"
bar at the pavilion on the sandy beacn
No one could persuade him that this wu-«
not so. '"With lists .out of fire-ounce jrloves
he cornered the barkeeper yesterday
afternoon and threatened annihilation tot
riving out a story that never waa or coui 1
be. MofJatt prides himself on his swim
ming ability, especially when he is slmpl;.
wading. But the innocent barkeeper tori
a plain, straight, unvarnished tale ani
Moffatt was satisfied that he was not tlit
false newsvender.
The "nigger in the woodpile" was Sam
Pooler. On Tuesday evening tht te!> -
phone reporter of the "Monarch of th-.
Dailies" called up the Seal Hock House
for outside station news. Pooler was at
the faraway end of the "phone." Rein*
In a facetious and imaginative mocd h"
pictured a sea battle— strong, muneula*
Jir. Jack Moffatt buffeting with th«
angry sea, and a daring, bold rescue by
Mr. Jack Kelly. Word for ward the
"Monarch" printed his story. Now Mnf
fatt is on watch for the telephone re
porter.
BAKERSFIELP. Aug. 23.— Jernaiij Merc'al,
a Mexican peon, died here to-day. th<- result..-*
bemsr "tabbed Tuesday night by another p-s-*:i
named Reyes. Reyes escapt-U and U nippoied
now to be well on his war to Mexico.
Says Husband Is Cruel.
OAKLAND. Auk. 23.— AdeTe EroretU
filed suit to-day for a divorce from Joseph
Brorelll on the ground of cruelty.
LIVERMORE. Aur. 23.-Andrew M.
Hupers, one of the most prom:ne it yuuns
men of LJvermore. died yesterday morn
ing. He waa born here 27 yr-firs ago.
Hupers was a member of the N. S. G. \v\.
Foresters. LJvermore fire depart mert
and Company I. Fifth Regiment. M. U. C.
The funeral will take place to-mormw
from St. Michael's Catholic Church, unttcr
the auspices of the National Guard.
Prominent Livennore Man Dead.
Collapse of Health Official.
William IX Griffin, the statistician of
the Board of Health, is now at the Mount
Zion Hospital in a state of mental col
lapse brought on by overwork. HI* du
ties were extremely arduous, and in com
piling the annual statistics of the depart
ment during the present month his
strength was overtaxed. Dr. Bunnell
states that Griffin's condition Is merely a
case of nervous prostration, and a few
weeks of rest and quiet will put him on
his feet again. Grlffln was married on
August 7 to Mrs. Helen A. Krone, and his
newly made wife Is In constant attend
ance at his bedside. She says that with
her care her husband will soon be a well
man. >
Charges His Son "With Forgery.
Frank. Pagnello, a young man, was ar
rested last night by Detectives Riordan
and Dillon and charged with forgery. On
May 25 last Pagnello signed his father's
name to an order for $30. which he had
cashed by Holbrook. Merrill & Stetson.
Pagnello went to Vallejo and did not re
turn until last night. He was recognized
by the detectives and Policeman Franer
while walking along Market street and
was placed under arrest. It is charged
that Pagnello by his indiscretions Has
ruined his father, who at one time was a
well-to-do rancher in Mcxioc. County. Pag
nello was. arrested at, the : request of his
father. "^'.¦..*,.'- :^>Y^
Tuolumne Murderer Must Hang.
The; Supreme Court has approved Ihe
judgment of the lower tribunal In the case
of William . Sullivan, convicted In Tuol
umne County of murder In the first de
gree. Sullivan killed • William Gllllard.
night watchman of the Jumper mine, who
he thought had been the cause of bis dis
charge. .
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 24, 1 900.
In the Thirty-ninth District the ticket
for Legislature and judicial delegates
headed by George R. Wells is the straight
anti-boss ticket. There Is another ticket
in the field, but Martin Kelly was consult
ed in putting it up.
Thirty-Ninth District.
Electors of the Thirty-seventh Assembly
District who are opposed to boss methods
are up in arms at what they term false
treatment by their county committee
man, Augustus Tilden, who has placed
the polls at the extreme ends of the dis
trict. Poll No. 1 is at Gough and Haight
streets and No. 2 is at the Stanyan-street
entrance of the park. The anti-boss
ticket is headed by H. P. Umbsen.
Thirty-Seventh District Polls.
met last night at Pythian Castle and
elected the following officers: President,
N. Valianos; vice president. Alexander
Kosta; secretary. N. Demetrlades; legal
adviser, O. C. Pratt. Several speeches
were made. The club will Rive a banquet
at the next meeting, which takes place
on August 31.
VALLEJO. Aug. 23.— Captain A. S. MeLemore
has been ordered from recruiting duty at San
Francisco to the Marine Barracks. Mare Inland.
SANTA ROSA, Auj. 23.— Mrs. M. Cummlngs
a well-known resident of this city, while cross-
Ing" Fifth street this morning, was ' knocked
down by a runaway team. She sustained severe
Injuries, her leg being broken and her body
bruised. :
SAN JOSE, Aug. 23.— The directors of the
Cured Fruit Association, met to-day in execu
tive session. Much time was devoted to dis
cussing the price to be set upon prunes. - No
decision was : reached. The matter, waa re
ferred to the executive committee, which will
report: within a few days:*-;
HELENA. Mont., Aug. 23-^L. R. Hlrahfleld.
ex-president of the Merchants' National Bank,
was acquitted to-day after a two weeks' trial
on the charge of making false reports to the
Comptroller of the Currency as to the bank's
condition." The verdict was found on the direc
tion of the court, which • granted ; the defend
ant's motion for an Instructed verdict.
PKESCOTT, Ariz., Aug. 23.— William . Wil
keiron, aged 64 years, one of the oldest." resi
dents of Prescott. died ; lasr evening after • an
Illness - lasting since the big < fire • lasts month.
The building -¦ in which he lived • was - burned
durtng the . conflagration and he was taken
with a nervous disease resultlnfifin death. The
deceased was Recorder 'of ~ the county . two
terms. -. ' '
'¦¦¦' VALLEJO, Aug. 23.— The Vallejo Tanning
Company has been Incorporated, General J. B.
Frisble and J. O. Johnson being the principal
owners. The directors ' are J. B. Frisble, J.
Johnson, J. R. English,' Frank p. Johnson and
B. F. Grlffln. - The ' purpose of the : Incorpora
tion, is to Increase the capital and double the
plant and output of -Johnson's tannery near
the : North Vallejo depot. . , •
COAST NEWS IN BRIBP.
Woodward's Pavilion Janitors Carry
ing Lighted Torches Locate a Leak
With Disastrous Results.
J. W. Taylor, 1029 Waller street; H.
Wilkins, 12 Dodge street, and Walter
Leon, 7 Morris avenue, employed as jani
tors at Woodward's Pavilion, were se
verely burned about the face and hands
by an explosion of gas at the pavilion late
last night.
After the prizefight spectators had left
the pavilion last ni?ht and the lights had
been extinguished the janitors detected
the odor of gas in the building and started
to locate the leak. The men carried
torches, and when they opened the door
of the closet in which the meters are lo
cated a volume of gas blew out and was
ignited by the torches. An explosion fol
lowed and the woodwork waa soon in
flames. An alarm was turned In from box
72 and the Fire Department after a few
minutes', work extinguished the blaze.
The men were treated at the hospital by
Dr. Dray. They are not seriousjy injured.
THREE MEN INJURED
IN A GAS EXPLOSION
9
ASSEMBLYMAN JOSEPH R
KNOWLAND.THE SAN Fp ANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY; AUGUST 24, 1900.
10
SAX FKA\CISCO CALL.
BTSrNF.SS OFFICE cf Th* Pan Frandsco
Cal!. rrrnpr of Market and Third streets, open
cntil 15 c'rlock every nlerht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— ZTi Montgomery street
comer Clay; open until ?:30 p. m.
S00 Uaj-e* Ftreet: cpen ur.til 9:80 p. m.
CHS McAllister street; cp*>n until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkin ctre*t; open until 8:89 p. m.
JS41 Misrion etreet; open until 10 p. m.
22fl Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; open
cr.ttl S d. m. /
IT nieventh etrpet; open until 9 p. m.
JCTC Valcsida ctre«t; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Btreets: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. L K. .j.
T. No t Post it.- Kf-s-Iar iLspembly Tai*
THIS EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Ail fF$
f-ttrrs courteously Invited. By order IM
of tfce Ccinn-.andT.
HIP.AM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
A XiEGULAR m<-*tlr.jr of Yerba Buena ,^
Lodire of Perfection No. 1. A. and A.,
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry, will be f\
fceid in Chaoter Hall. Masonic Temple, JKL
on FRIDAY EVENING, August 24. K&&
ifOO. st 7:4i o'clock sharp. Degrees 7th. 8th
and Sth. HENRY BURNER,
Secretary pro tern.
CALIFORNIA Lodse No. L F. and A. •
il.. will meet THIS (FRIDAY) EVJK- _^V_
ING. A-JC. -t. Bt 7:30 o'clock. Third T£X
degree. Uy cr Jer of the lls*ter. «^T
FRANKLI!* H. DAY. Secretary.
ATOLLO Lodge No. K3, I. O. O.
ly [artted THIS (HUDAT)
NIGHT. Aug. T4. First degree. 8 !?»**?..
o'clock tharp. Memorial Ilall.
HANDEL II. ZOBEL, N. O.
TV. F. KOnCBOSP. Secretary.
THIRTY -THIRD ASSEMBLY DISTRICT-The
rurular election for delegates to the State
end municipal conventions from the Thlrty-
thlrd Assembly District will be held at the
following places: Polling place No. 1. for the
Firrt Second, Third. Fourth. Fifth, Sixth,
Prventh. Eichth and Ninth Precincts, at the
iior;hwc.Ft corner of Potr^ro ave. and Twenty-
f^-urtli st; poIMnsr place No. 2, for the Tenth,
Eleventh. Twelfth, Thirteenth, Fourteenth
anJ Fifteenth Precincts, at the corner of
Tw«nti'»tii end Illinois sts.
eTOCKIiOLDKRS' meeting— The California
Rrydock Company.— Notice ie hereby given
that a meeting of the stockholders of the The
California <Drydock Company will be held at
the otflo* cf raid company. No. 30! California
etreet, San Frar.cifco, California, on THURS-
DAY, Aurust SO. IKK), at the hour cf 11 o'clock
«. m. of that <iay, for the purpoce of deter-
:!.'•. !rr whether tr.W corporation shall be dls-
*^lvp<3. and of voting upon a proposition to
dirsclve the corporation, ana for the trans-
action of ruch other business as may ccme
before the meeting. By order of the tx>ard of
directors. W. F. RUSSELL.
Secretary The California Drydoek Company.
AGEXTS WASTED.
TRAVELER experienced in dry goods, carpets,
etc.; commiwion; half expenses advanced; a
2rft-class man only; references. Box 1914.
Call cJflce.
AGENTS of ability and experience In life Insur-
ance. Call at room 101, 997 Market, cor. Sixth.
WE handle neweft ncveltie* for agents. PA-
CiriC AGEKTS- ST~PPLY CO.. S461 lgth St.
ASTROLOGY.
MME. HICKEY. «rtro!c*lst: get your horoscope
with fuil explanation cf your future. 50c: card
resiling and palmistry. 23c. 1933 Mission st
-ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a rpecialty: private;
no fe<> without Fuccess; collections. O. W.
HOWE, any e.t law, Sr.O Markft, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; R. W. KING. 817 Market Et.. r.
€T7: all cef«s and collections; money loaned.
FREE advice; divorce !aw». dsrnafres. estates,
collections. J. A. Mitchell. 314 Montgomery.
ADVICE free; no chaj-ge unless successful. W.
W. DAVTOPON, J£7 Market St., opp. Masott.
L P. CLARK, Emma Spreckels blflg., S27 Mar-
ket ft-: coreultation free; no fees in advance.
Cl.'PTER. HERMAN J.. attorney. 917 Market
Ft., r. S3; open eve.. 7-9; consultation free. ,
BATH CABIXETS. j
ROBINSON to. 4-n«nel folding; fioor opens; firm '
end fafe. W. S. liROTVN. iren. ast., 428 Kllis.
UL'SIAES.S CUASiCKS.
A— SCJC'; SALOON with 9 furnished rooms; rent
J4«; place doing a good busineFs and is eur-
roiinded by warehouses and factories; com-
mercial lunch from 11 to 1 o'clock: a splendid
or<-i;lng. Call H. O. WILKE, 26^4 Kearny st.
A-I400; CORNER gTocery and bar. with 4 liv-
ing rooms; rent $1S; on Sanchez Et. ; owner
c'xk in b*d :. vi must sell at once; a rare
chance. R. G. WILKE, 26^4 Kearny St.
A— TCOO; STATIONKRY. notions. c!gnx store, la
short, a gerifn.1 bazaar, with living rooms;
low rent; must be told in S days; lock at the
FtCK-k anJ n".ak« offer. Call K. G. WILKE.
A-<iu>0; BAKEHY. 2 blocks south of Market
ft.; place frhtab. years; doing a eood business;
ell etore trade; r»ct $45; 1% to 2 barrels per
gay. Particulars R. O. WILKE. 2G-» Keiray.
A— $;;#; CORNER naloon in -wholesale district:
*£tab. rr.ar.y year* a:id doing a good buslnew;
rent J^O; a firrt -class proposition. Call R. G.
WILKE. go-3 Kearny gt.
A— fT.v>; CANDY ttore and ice cream parlor In '
Ouklar.d; beautifully furnished and a No. 1 ;
j>aylrg :>.••». rent it*. ; owner compelled
by ill health to retire. Se« K. O. WILKE.
2i'*i Kearny st.
A-!:00; RESTAURANT and chophouss on wa-
ter front; rent J15; bargain, R. G. WILKF..
1'CV; Kearny st.
A.— J12D0 — OLD-KPTAB. restaurant; etc** to
Chronicle building; average receipts about
$t>S per day; rent J75; a splendid o£Ier; owner
•will ailow 5 days' trial. Call R. G. WILKE.
ICV» Kearny et_
S500— LADIES" tailoring and dress maid ng- busi-
sees: retiring ¦ aun> of sale. McLAUGHLLN
& CO., 777', Market st.
J150— IlESTAUTtANT: bargain this day. Mc^
LAUGIXLLV & CO.. 777V. Market gt.
|IM 0011 Mill grocery and bar; bargain; this
day. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. TTT'w Market st.
1400— SHOE mere: near city; making and re-
p&inng. Mclaughlin & co.. 777^ Market.
KM— BUTCHER Eaop; near city; paying busi-
ness: dekness cause of sale. McLAUGHLLN
& CO.. 777^ Market st. •
JJ10O— TRIAL «-lv*n; s&loon near Market st.;
barrain; going Ea*t cause of Bale. Ue-
LAUGHL1N & CO.. 777H Market st.
COUNTRY hotel and livery stable: a snap;
cause death. (XnVTNO &. CO.. 718 Market at.
A— CORNER downtown butcher shop; receipts
$4-0 day. COWI?CG & CO.. 71» Market st.
*6C«0 — GOOD home btOoery and lodging house of
IT roonr.r; hfnwkeop'.ne: full: flne location; or
feell sepa.re.tely. LANE * CO.. 8C5 Market.
FINE taken' and restaurant; established
trade; for r&le at reasonable prlc*: selling on
account of Illrer-s. 714 Valencia st.
ICETVLT furr.t*he<l, » rooms; permanent room-
erf; rtr.t rcaronable; good reason for selling
Address box iet«O. Call offlc*.
ETALLS to let, euitable for a 11t» fc-roceryman!.
See superintendent Union Square Market.
OYSTER and chop house for ea!« cbeap on ao-
count of eicknees. Inquire at 6 Eighth Bt.
SALOON on busy street, doing good business.
Particulars U. S. Brewery. 21E Kulton St.
FOR PALE— Good horses from $10 np. Callfor-
nla Farm Dairy, £200 Point Lobos ave. .
WANTED
T»o to three thousand dollars to invest in th*
mancracturir.g and sale of three of tbt very
bert roosey-mrxklns derloes In the United
Ftates; a fortune to the ng&t party of either
*ex: none but principals need answer; thor-
ough Investigation solicited. Address box 1632
Can office.
CORNER grocery and bar for sale; location
or.e cf the bert In the city; bargain; ettab-
lUhed IS years: rent cbeap. For particulars
call at room 437, Xourth floor. Parrott buUd-
ir.Z, San Francisco.
$;00»— CO AL ' and feed yard and express bust-
ness: 4 horaea and S wagons: good building;
lix-lny rooms; long lease; excellent ctaence*
eood location. £935 Sixteenth St.
TO r«r.t— For ccal yard, milk flepot, eta.; fine
location; place is entirely covered: contains 2
*talle: runt only 115; water free. Inquire WM
HE.VDRICKSO.V A CO., €14 Call building. *
FOR SALE— Country ehoe shop. For particu-
lar* a»?)ly 20* Ma*cn rt.
ETATION'ERY store, J700; no agents. Box I6S4]
CaH office. .
ITT.— GROCERY Etore. contents; cheap; rent only
$12. Including living- room*. 1S16 Howard st.
KOTXOZf, «*i^ar and stationery store; good lo-
cation. Inquire Ca!l branch office,. 300 Hayes.
GOOD croeery and saloon for sale; no triflers
n<*6 awly. Box 16S1. Call.
DKl'G ti"!', all complete for business, for
rale cb«*»»p. £04 Bnsh Bt.
JSft— FIXE corner saloon for sale. .1119 Harrl-
con nt., comer Langton.
GOOD !Sc restaurant for Bale; central location;
no agents. Box xeso. Call.
\VAXTK1>— To buy stationery store for cash.
Pox :C73. Call. *
FOH sale— Restaurant. 1024 Hyde St., across
from carhouse; very cheap.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
V. . CASWELL St CO., 412 S&cramento st.
BUSINESS CHANCES CONTINUED.
SALOON and cafe, centrally located; great op-
portunity for live man; must be seen to be
appreciated. Address box 19S1. Call offlce.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
Fubscrtptlons has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla gt '
IX)OGING-nOUSES FOR SALE.
HOUSES— FROM « TO KO ROOMS.
Prices from $150 to $10,000.
8 rooms; only $165
11 rooms: In payments fittT
21 rooms; on Eddy st 650
CO rooms; new; clears $400 3000
"6 rooms; flne corner; clears $200 ».. 1700
80-room house; clears $300 1700
16 rooms; flne corner: clears $100 1000
32 rooms: on Pest st; half payments 5E0
40-room house on Powell st 2500
. 10 rooms; new; elegant furniture 550
F-room flat; downtown 400
DECKER, 1020 Market st; phone Mint 796.
LIST YOUR HOUSES WITH ME. I HAVE
BUYERS WAITING WITH CASH. DECK-
ER. 1020 Market Bt.
MARION GRIFFIN.
719 Market St.. room 1. Tel. Black 1801.
I have a Ion? list Following are samples:
U rooms; modern, first class; sunny corner;
mort»rac«e forces sale this week; V4 of oo«t.
10 rooms; U cash; transient: central $450
46 rooms; table board; rent $75; paying 2SO0
14 rooms; corner; rent $C0; a mint 750
21 rooms; A No. 1 bon ton; corner 1400
18 rooms; must sell; transient; make offer..
63 rooms; flne; clean; 4 blocks N. of Market S400
16 rooms; new fur.; full; low rent; sunny..
24 rooms and officea; fine business 2730
23 rooms; rent $45; sunny; tnap 650
A— KREDO & DUTTON 36 GEARY ST.
! TEL. BLACK 5062.
16 rooms; flne; full house $7T4
4 rooms; rent $10 250
KREDO & DUTTON.
A— $5000; bay-window corner; north of Market:
€5 rooms. KREDO A DUTTON.
A — 48 rooms; south of Market; new $2500
IB rooms; pays well 900
10 rooms; Geary et . ! ...... 750
KREDO & DUTTON.
A— $lS00: hotel; 25 rooms; modern and elegant;
clears J2S0 per month: strictly flrst-class.
KREDO & DUTTON.
1» ROOMS on Golden Gate ave $1000
1 ? rooms down town; new furniture 650
j 86 rooms on Market st--~a.t a bargain.
II rooms on O'Farrell 450
2fl rooms down town 600
EMERY & SMITH. 3 Eddy ft. room 1.
$15M WILL buy 22-roomed house: good loca-
tlon; north Mkt. EMERY & SMITH. 3 Eddy.
A— J2-ROOM rooming-house; central $1000
11-room house; $3«' down, balance easy.. 500
20-room house; flrst-class 1031
SO-rooni house; nil newly furnirhed 3101
11-room house, $475. 6-room f.nt.., 323
FIEHER & CO.. 1032 Market st
j HOUSES from 10 to ISO rooms; good locations:
! honest value, perfect title guaranteed to buy-
I ere; money loaned; "to buy or pell your lodging
house or furniture and eecuw satisfaction
I write or call SCHWEINHARD & CO., 917
j Market Bt.. above Fifth; teL Mint 1911. /
$300—17 ROOSS: rent ISO; $200 down, balance ln-
gtallments. 28^4 Clay st
; CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
J75 FOR coal or express or two-horse wagon;
rood for 2 tons. Apply 1300 Florida st,
corner Twenty-fifth.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
I etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission et.
! AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
I camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mistlon.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ne?g. work & driving horses. I5th & Valencia.
CAMPAIGX PHOTO BUTTONS:
i MFT of all kinds of photo buttons and Jewelry:
wholesale and retail; send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. 933 Market St.. S. F.
! CARPET IJEATIXG AM) CLKA\I.\G.
i WHEN you become di?cufted with poor work
i send to BPAULDIXG'B Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 353-3S7 Tehama Bt; tel. South 40.
; J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
! 453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 22S: loweet rates.
! J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
j vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth Et ; tel. Mission 74.
! CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
j STEVEN'S, mgr.. SS-40 Sth Et. ; tel. South 250.
i CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard, laid at 4c
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st; tel. Jessie 944.
I ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 40! Sutter st. ;
I tel. Main S24. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
j CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, S33 Golden
1 Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY cottage, 212H Perry et. ; rent reason-
able. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Mont-
gomery st.
4 SUNNY rooms and yard. $10. 6 Rlr.con ave.,
1 key 623 Second st.
; SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED— Mrs. Dr. Farnham, world-renowned
spiritual medium; advice In all affairs of life;
lawsuits, divorcee, deaths; unites the separat-
ed; mining a specialty; cirs. Sun., Wed., Fri.
eve's: come and be convinced. (Permanently)
j E:3 Eddy. bet. Hyde ard Larkin; no sign.
! MRS. HARLAND'S test circle to-night: arti-
I cles read; 10c; L. sittings 50c: G. $1. 148 6th.
i MRS. KOTTER. 34 Sixth St.. circle to-day, 2 &
1p.m.; 10c; sittings daily; G.. $1; L., G0o.
GO to WATSON, spiritual medium and palmist;
lucky and true; 2Sc. 60c. 15S1 ilarUet. nr. 12th.
MRS. LESTER, circle this evening, 8 o'clock;
10c; sittings dally. SOc. 127 Turk st.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sit. daily; convlnc'g- tests to-night 10c
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant test, business
'medium, life reader; sittings $1. 1104 Market
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double yell & second sight,
diagnoses disease with life readings; ladles Me;
gents $1; palm. A clalr. sit, tl 50. 126 Turk st.
IEMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1143 Market, opp.
Sth; private readings dally 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
HUE. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future, 25c. 148 Sixth st.,. room 14.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant and
water reader, moved to 11, 6th; German spokn.
MME. BCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 21TVi Sixth st.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium and
healer;, satisfaction guaranteed. 132 6th. r. 1.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy, is the gi-eat palmist
asd card reader; 25c 7 Seventh st. ; no sign.
A GYPSY, genuine clairvoyant, located 10 cays
$42 Mission; ladles. Be; gents, &0o. Frawley.
MM2S. AUGUST clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay;. 25c. 1143 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. S Fourth st.
MME BYBILLE^ — Cradle to frrave; future hu»-
bacfl's picture. 25c; ladles. 814 O'Farrell st
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
ltss. successful. Room 310, 827 Market st.
—— —— — — _ _
AT the ELECTRO^DnNTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st, cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions don« painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$2 SO up; plates, extractions free, $4 SO up: of-
fice hours, * a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. Wj WILLIAMSON, M. D., Manager.
A-DR. V. CAVAL8KY has returned from
the Parts Exposition with eome of the finest
patents for painless jKntlstry. plates, teeth
without a plate, crown and bridge work; all
wcrk warranted; plates, full set. $5; fillings,
COe; crown, $3tO. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 6th.
EIGHT prises for be«t crowns, plates, bridges
and nlllags; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
.cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
CROWN and bridge work experts; our work .Is
unexcelled and our prices are the lowest; call
and Be« our samples and get our prices before
going elsewhere: best of references: examina-
tion free. DRS. PERKINS & DOVAY. 1013
Market St., bet. Sixth and Seventh: elevator.
TEETH extracted free; plates, JJ: crowns, J3 50;
bridgework, $5; all th« latest methods for
painless dentistry: hours. 9 a. m. toil p. m.
Modern Dental Parlors, . 1206 Market, cor. G. G.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market nr. Eleventh
—No charye for extracting when plates ar*
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
frcm $S per set; extracting. 50c: ga» given.
DR. ALBERT HILL. 650 Market, cor. Stockton^
for a perfect set of teeth and teeth , without
plates; lowest pric« for best work.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of. teeth. »4; crowns. $8: fillings. 25c
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 10C1. Market ft. corner Sixth.
¦
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
¦SOUNG. 1M1 Polk St.-
DOG HOSPITALS..
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Flllmore—
Advice and medicine. 75c; city visits, tl 50; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel .West 638.
DR.CREELY'BC.P.manise cure and worm pills
by druggists or at hospital. 510 Golden Cat eav.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELl! Dressmaking and Millinery
School; patterns cut to order. 1019 Market st.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring and Mil-
linery School; French system. 411 Van Ness.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post over Q'Connor&Moffatt.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 387 Geary St.: dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES* Business College, 723 Market et; life
scholarship, $50; Includes shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy; day and evening;
Just added, new business practice offices and
20 new typewriters; catalogue free. —
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law ' and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. .
FRENCH readings and dramatic art— Private
and classes taught by MISS BLANCH BOU-
VIERE. Lyceum Theater School of Acting,
810-S12 O'Farrell at. -
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand; if you want to
learn in a limited time take private lessons
from an experienced teacher. M. W. COR-
NELL. room 53. Thurlow block. 126 Kearny.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial; private lessons; 8
mos. in college not equal to 8 wks. with me;
$25. TARR, expert accnt., 429 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec.. mining., roech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day, eve. ; est. 1864.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
ALL students but two taking full course this
v«ar got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market St.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
8. F. ; founded 1863; 80-page catalogue free.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkin—
All. branches: thorough: positions pocured.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory In
Leli>slr:: lessons 75c. 820 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., •'ay or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
LE JEUNE Art and Craft, School: modeling,
designing, carving, all branches. 424 Pine st.
EMPLOYMEST OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Poet st., near Powell; telephone BuBh 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. offlce— Best help
furn.: domestio serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 37tf.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chine%^Employment Office;
best help furn.; tel. John 2121. JMXHJ Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce —
Bpst help. 41Hfc O'Farrell Bt; tel. East -126.
BMPLOVjnBNT WASTED FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS German cook and helper want
places together in hotel, restaurant or board-
inc-houac-; best reference*. 242 Natoma St.,
basement.
AN experienced and competent housekeeper
desires position in respectable family; refer-
ences. M. E.. box 1692, Call office.
GOOD laundress wants work by the day; Is
good house waiter; city references. Box 1691,
Call offlce.
YOUNG woman with a child wishes a situa-
tion as housekeeper. 5 Seventh st.
YOUNG girl wishes to assist in light house-
-r.ork. Call after 10 p. m.. 951 Mission st
BY young lady, ! position as companion to
elderly lady; good mender, writer, reader,
etc.; beet of references from former em-
ployers. Box IS42. Call offlce.
YOUNG lady with a child wishes situation as
housekeeper; city or country. Address IMS
Market st.
RESPECTABLE Rlrl wishes housework in nice
family; wages J25. Call 15 Lsskle et, off
Mission, between Eighth and Ninth.
WOMAN wiehes housework where she can take
daujebter of 15 years to help; city or country.
Box 1689, Call atOc«.
WANTED— Work by day: housecleaning or
laundry: $1 10 per day. M. J.. 2023 Mission st
FASHIONABLE dressmaker goes out by the
day. Address 1111 Sutter st, room 39.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25o to $150 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia gt. '
KMl'LOYMKXT WASTED — MALE.
WANTED— By a young waiter, work in a
small country hotel among Germans; good
references; wages from $20 to $25. Box 1923.
Call offlce.
COACHMAN, young Englishman, wants situa-
tion, or general work or gent's place: best of
reference. Address box 1699, Call offloe.
BAKER, bread and cakes, wants position; ex-
perienced: day work desired. 313 Leaven-
worth st.
EXPERIENCED tuner wants situation in fac-
tory; can do action work. Address P. O. box
496. Sacramento, Cal.
STRONG young- teamster wishes employment
in sraln and coal yard or elsewhere; familiar
with any. Box 1&3. Call office. . j
FIRST-CLASS dairyman; understands running
I separator and making cheese and butter; ex-
( perienced. Addre3S box 1S12. Call office.
GOOD middle-aged hotel waiter desires steady
position. Address H. KIE1IL, 134 Fourth st,
New Golden Gate Hotel.
NEAT, honest German. 20 years old. seeks po-
cltlon as asslptant bartender. Address 1031
Market st, room 12.
GOOD sober man desires position as bartender;
best of references. Address box 1916, Call.
YOUNG couple desire situations In hotel or
boarding house; wife as waitress and hus-
band as cook. Address box 1655, Call.
SAW flier and general machine hand on wood-
working machinery; band sawyer, planer and
circular sawyer. Address box 36S2, Call.
St£aDT j-ouhj man wants position as black-
emlth's helper; considerable experience in re-
pairing; machinery and wagons; no shoeing;
state wages. Box 1688. Call offlce.
SITUATION as bedmaker. day or nlg-ht clerk,
in good rooming-house. Box 1S67, Call office.
STEADY, reliable young man, understands the
care of horses, desires a position as coachman
or Kardener; city or country; references. C.
R, C, box 4611. Call offlce.
A— GERMAN man wishes a position as olerk
In grocery store and. bar-room or as janitor
and porter; good references. Box 1670. Call.
BUTCHER — A man of good steady habits
wishfs a situation In city or country; best of
given. Box 1677, Call offlce.
LUM GONG, Chines* first-class cook, wants
position in boardlncr-house. , Address 744
Waihlneton st. /
BOY, 16 years old, wishes position in a drug-
store; lives, with his parents. Apply 1221
Etelner st.. cor. Eddy.
W ANTED— Charge of poultry plant; any ar-
rangements. Address box 1661. Call offlce.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109«
Valencia st.
EXPEIIT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free;- spectacles properly ad-
Justrd. N. Mnnapge. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
financial;
IF you have stocks or bonds of any kind for
sale, call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
DERWRITING CO.. 504 Parrott building.
PLATS TO LET. •
A— 10 TO 30 days free; flats and houses.
1694 Page; F.. 4 r.... $20; 1990 Ellis; F., 6 r....J18
1228B Hayes: F., 6 r. 20 63 Tremont av.; c. 6r 20
1131 Geary; F.yi r... 30 J6.10 G. G. av.; h. S r 30
1233 Leav'w"tH: F. 8 r 38 902 McAllister; h. 7 r. 33
Houses wanted. A; M. SPECK & CO 667
Market tt. " '
FINE sunny 3-room flat $10; cheap. 3 Pine
place, oft Pine St., near Mason.
FLAT of 4 rooms; bay-window . and bath; $12.
716 Natoma street, between Eighth and Ninth.
FLAT of 3 rooms, sunny yard; water free. 423
Linden rtp. •
FLAT of 6 rooms and bath. Corner of Seven-
. teenth and Colllngwood sts.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOW ELL. 10 Montgomery.
POWELL and - Chestnut— 3 flne . sunny flats,
3, 4 and C rooms, bath, each; rent, $12,, $14, $22.
BUNNY corner bay-window flat, 7 rooms.. bath,
stable; house of 5 rooms, basement, yard;
cheap. 1873 Fifteenth St., near Dolores. ....
UPPER flat. 6 sunny, rooms, bnth. 27 Birch
ave.. off Larkin, bet. Grove and Fulton.
$1S— BAY-WIND<?*V . flat. 3 rooms and - bath.
810 Ellis st.; key. at grocery. - Ellis and Polk.
$S— LOWER flat of 5 sunny rooms. 377 Sanchex
Ft. near Seventeenth.- . ,
PLATj TO LI2T— PURMSUKU.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1000, corner Xaguna^
Comfortable and very complete furnished flat
. " of 6 rooms and - bath; plenty -< closets: -nice
conservatory : a model •. home ; ~. side . bay-win-
dows ; Jefferson Park, : fronting - on • Golden
Gate ave. ; excellent . neighborhood; •" : six
1 months or longer to good tenant; price $30 per
month or will sell cheap. . .-. * ¦
P^RXITCRB' FOB SALE. V ,.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market
FURNITURE— 8 nicely furnished rooms for
sale cheap. Call at 38 Turk st ¦
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc 1135 Market st ; tel. Jessie 761.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkin ;tel.Poik 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought: spot cash.
$5000 worth of furniture, carpets, etc., wanted.
M. Bllversteln, 1121 Market; tel. Folsom 1105.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st. pays
. highest price for your second-hand furniture..
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 33o3.
HELP WASTED-FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.... Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 more waitresses. Salt Lake City, Utah,
$22 50, fare here; waitress. State of Nevada,
$23, fare n^ld. see party here at 10 a. m. ;
restaurant waitress, country, $25, see party
here 10:30, fare paid; waitress, commercial
hotel, and chambermaid. $20, same place, fare
paid; waitresses. Benlcla. Dunsmulr, Kes-
wick, fare paid; Watsonville, Mendota. Carr-
ville and others, $20 and $25; i waitresses,
city,, $20; 2 restaurant waitresses, $7; woman
cook, $30; German woman cook, country, $35..
....FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Girl who wants to do second work and plain
laundry work, Grass Valley, $20 and fare
paid, call early.
C. R, HANBEN & CO., 104 Geary Bt
WOMAN who understands German, cooking,
city. $30. Apply C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st
60 HOUSEGIRLS, second girls, nursegirls,
city and country. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st. ¦>¦ -
TWO neat young ladles, no experience neces-
sary, as ealesladles for candy store, $7 week
to bewin; no offlce fea. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st
WANTED— Three cooks, no wash, American
families, $25; German cook, $35; 6 cooks,
email wash. $30; ladles' maid, country. $25;
French nursery governess, $25; plain laun-
dress, hotel, $C0; chambermaid and laundress,
private family, $25; head dining room girl for
hotel, $25: waitress and parlor maid, $25; S
Becond jclrls. city and country, $20 and $23;
3 nurses. $20; kitchen helper, $25; 8 wait-
resses, city and country, $20 and $25, and a
large number of girls for general housework,
city and country, $20, $25 and $30. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT. Slti Sutter St.
WANTED— A woman to do washing, lroninj
and floor cleaning 3 days a week at $1 per day
and board. Inquire Sherman House, 23
Eighth st
VEST hands— Experienced operators and fln-
lsherB on vests. Apply E. H, LEVY. 613
Market st. up to 12 o'clock Sunday.
LADY solicitors; proprietary preparation; ap-
peals to every woman. O. R. C, box 1696,Call.
A YOUNG girl for general housework: wash-
lng; email famlly~of adults. 315 Scott t
GIRL who understands sewing drapery. Ap-
ply 215 Sutter st.
WANTED — Experienced girl for candy store at
12S Third st. K
GIRL for housework. 1016 Clay st, early this
morning; wages not lqps than $16 and room.
GIRL for general housework. 762 Church st,
near Twentieth.
WANTED— First-class buttonhole maker and
. finisher on vests. Call 919»4 Howard st.
YOUNG girl for cooking and downstairs work;
German preferred. 1018 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS skirt hands. GEORGE Cloak
and Suit House. 1M9 Market St.
GIRL for dining-room and competent woman
as kitchen help; references. 443 Third st.
WANTED— A cashier in restaurant; must have
had some experience. 211 Grant ave.
GIRL housework; must understand cooking;
sleep at home. 810 Octavia St.; wages $5.
GIRL or woman, light housework; $15 month.
1515 Uroderick st, near Sutter.'
WANTED— A good dressmaker. 10264 Folsom
street.
WAITRESS wanted; flrst-class wages. 631 Clay
street.
GIRL or woman for housework: no cooking re-
culred. 1337 Laguna st.
COMPETENT Infant's nurse; best references.
Call between 9 a. m. and 12 m., 1364 Post st
IMPROVERS on walsta wanted. FRANCES
7S6 Sutter St.
GIRL to assist in housework. Apply 827 Gold-
en Gate ave.-
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit-
canning and preparing-; highest wages paid-
eteady work; prizes for quick work. Apply
Immediately to U. S. FRUIT PACKING CO.,
Harrison ave.. between Seventh and Eighth
sts., off Folsom.
WOJTEN and rlrls for canning- and preparing
fruit: steady work; highest wapes. Apply
CAL1FORNIAN CANNERIES CO., LTD..
Brannasi at. between Third and Fourth.
OPERATORS wanted ,on shirts; young girls
taught: steady work; best pay. BRENNER-
ULMAN CO., -19 Battery Bt.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gougrh and Grove sts.
GIRLS to rivet overalls, also sewing machine
operators, at Levl Strauss A Co.'s factory,
E2% Fremont St.: no experience necessary;
good wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
EXPERIENCED operators, also learners, on
muslin underwear. G. W. REYNOLDS, 537
Mission st.. corner Second.
SKIRT hand, also an apprentice, at MME.
LICHAU'S dressmaking parlors. 455 Geary.
WANTED— Operators on ladles' waists. San
Francisco Mfg. Co.. 409A Turk st. *- ' ¦
GIRL for general housework and cooking. 1620
Geary Et.
RESPECTABLE young girl for housework and
plain cooking. 709 Larkin st.
GIRL or mlddle-ased woman to take care of
children. 1D82 O'Farrell st.
NEAT girl for chamber work and wait; also
waitress. 1433 California st.
GIRLS for hand work on corsets. 231 Powell
street. «•
WANTED — An energetic woman who has had
some experience in traveling must be free to
engage for one year. Box 1675, Call offlce.
WANTED— A girl to do general housework in
an American family. Apply 825 Guerrero st,
before 32 o'clock. : -- '¦ -
EXPERIENCED operators on underskirts;
steam power; good pay. A. AARON, 679 Mla-
eion st. ' ¦ -r; ¦
WANTED— 4 colored women, with some sta«e
experience preferred. Address all oommuni-
cations to THOS. BARRY, 317 Sixth st.
WANTED— A lady as companion and ll«rht
housework; good home; fair pay for right
partr. Call after 2 p. m., 116 Taylor st.
PRESSERS wanted on overshlrts. BRENNER-
ULM AN CO., 17 Battery st '
WANTED— An operator op coats; good pay:
steady work. Box ]6S8. Call.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit
1731 Folaom Bt., between lSth and 14th.
EXPERIENCED operators on negligee shirts;
good pay. 27 Jessie St.. fifth floor. -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st .
HELP WASTED— MALE.
WANTED :
25 railroad laborers, free fare, company work;
6 laborers near city, $2 60 a day; 15 prune
pickers; 300 acres, $2 a ton; 'man and wire,
light place, near city, $30; 2 milkers, small
dairies, near city, $25; cabinetmakers and
bench hands, $3 a day; hostler, private place,
$25; man to herd hogs, $28; blacksmith helper,
$2 a day; baker, country shop, $45 and found;
' teamsters and . laborers, city, $1 75 a day;
¦ choreman, $25: vegetable grardener, $25; cross-
out sawyer, $35; miners, $2 50 and $3 a day.
/'"i.WV D. EWER ft CO., 610, Clay at
BRIGHT young boy to run elevator In whole-
sale house. Apply R. L. TOPLITZ & CO., 549
Market at. *- . - - - ¦ - ." - -"-"
WANTED— Expert optician; good salary for
: right party. Apply 1016 Washington st, Oak-
land. ; Cal. , ¦¦ ¦-¦ -•:.''¦ •-¦-¦,•,.:•-.¦ .i
FIRST-CLASS coatmakers for the country.' J.
BAUMGARTEN & CO.; 7 Montgomery st
FIRST-CLASS bread and cake '• baker wishes
situation. Box: 4001. Call office... ,.' % .
YOUNG ' man ¦ to feed Job and , pony cylinder
':-\ presses, is Fremont : st ' .
GOOD r dishwasher, $5 and room, at 406. Mc-
¦ Alllster st. - =. -. ¦¦¦¦- ¦"¦;-r--:-... -¦..'¦¦•;:¦_ "¦¦,-¦¦.
WANTED— Third . hand In :• bakery. 1S29 * Polk
street. ' . ¦ ¦ : . _ . " - -..
WANTED-rA choreman. Jefferson Hotel, Har-
bor View. . .
HELP \VANTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY. ...PHONE MAIN 6843
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
Want 7 a. m. to-day ;...
.......WE SHIP FREE.....
Men for all parts of California, Utah, Wash-
ington. Arizona, Oregon, Colorado, Nevada
and Hawaiian Islands. ,
.. ..Free fare and office fee only $1
K e J,Sl» to " da5r to 'the following districts:
DUNSMUIR .......REDDING ...SHASTA
HERNDON FRESNO MENDOTA
Los Angeles and. ...Santa Barbara dlFtricts
Reno (Nev.) and Truckee districts
Crews Landing ..and Newman districts
5!"? Lu i s -' and..... Surf districts
£ a ,^? fl , eId Md Madera districts
**} kake. City So da, Springs
and other points.? eood wag^s
WE SHIP FREE come one? come all
It only costs $1 fee and no other expenses
:;;;•• come Bee
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st.
A-WHEELWRIQHTS CARPENTERS
Carpenters with or without tools for large
mining company, $3 to $3 50 day.
bridge builders for mining oompany $120
6 carpenters, company work fare
Wheelwright, country shop $3 day
18 blacksmiths and horseshoers, for shops,
wincheF. «*° .-$40. $50 and found, $3 day
Jnm&erman, mining company $4 day
CD °P5"--"--trld*e builders woodworkers
LOOK HERE FOR HANDY MEN!
Any men handy with hatchet will suit this
Job; 25 men to build flume. $30. $35. $40 and
found; long Job
FRUITPICKERS '. ' FRUITPICKEBq
1 J° "J* 1 " Rather prunes Santa Clara Co. $1 BO
150 men and boys' "to" pick' alY'kinds'oVVruitsi
gather almonds, etc., $2« and >30 and found
••••••••••• WE PAY YOUR FARE
And ship to the Bawmills and woods 236 la-
borers for 23 different sawmills, $28 to $40 and
found, anybodv will suit: 35 woodsmen mill-
men: also all kinds of planing mill help, $95,
V0. $65, $70. $60. $40. $30. J30 and found......!:
304 woodchoppers, tiemakers, etc.. M. $2 CO, $2
Jl and 75c cord, tools and food found
\l ?,T hand ! $35 - * 30 - f2l? and foan <i
8S milkers and buttermakers....$30. $25 found
Cheesemakers » »3S and found
24 stablemen, etc.... $25. $50. $80. $40. $30 found
16 hay balers, $3 day; also harvest crews
864 laborers and teamsters. $2 W. $2. $1 75 day
tome boar* yourself home; boys for stores
factories, etc. city Jobs, cabinetmakers,
woodworkers, carrlagemakers, bridge build-
ers, etc.: come see
Pcrew turner, sawmill company, eee"boP8*here
Edgerman. tallyman, sawmill company
25 woodmen. Santa Cruz County. *32 50 and fd
Sticker hand. $3 50 day Planer. $3 a day
Matcher. $3 a day.... Machine irsn. $3 a dav
Farmer and wife $35 and found
ALSO HUNDREDS OP" POSITT<>N.«
¦ ..NOT ADVERTISED '.....COME; SEE '
Man and wife, private place. $40 and fd., see
bc?n here. MTTRj;aY Ac BKADTJ W-fiW Clay
A-SPECIAL 1 .'
10 laborers for manufacturing company, 'near
city, $2 40 dnv. any labcrtne men will suit. ..
Married furnaceman for the mines $«3
Book-keeper, stenographer and Typewriter
country; boys cr rourg men to drive delivery
wagons. MURRAY ge READY. 6?4-ftSS Clay.
TO the gold silver find other mines
1E0 single hand and machine miners and Bur-
lelgh drillers $90. $7R and $80 and found
850 laborers for the mines In all parts of Cali-
fornia; anybody win euit. $40 to $G9 and found:
Tunnelmen Drillers Hammeremen
Teamsters and laborers, different city and
country place*. Jl 75 to $3 50 day. MURRAY
& READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— HOTEL ..RESTAURANT.. LAUNDRY Help
32 cooks, city and country, $35 to $50 and found
also short order and night cooks
Becond and third cooks for mines
'¦'¦ $35 and liO anfl found
Becond baker, country shop $40 and found
15 waiters, city and country
$25 and $30 and found
BakerB and helpers, $40. »35 and $30 and found
Washers, starchers -end lroners for laundries
Butchers pantry men handy
men for institution, etc.; lunch man for cafe.
$50 and board... MURRAY A READY. 634-634
Clay st.
A— FOR A NEW MINE, 5 good laboring men.
$87 50, flrst-class Job; saw filer. also
Bcrew turner, sawmill company, see boss here;
coatmaker, country town, see boss here.
MURRAY & READY. €34-636 Clay at.
A— BRIGHT boy for this offlce, $4 week. 1IUR-
RAY & READY. C34-636 Clay St.
A— SPECIAL FOR TO-DAY.
-WE SHIP FREE;.... TO SOLANO COUNTY
20 railroad men for Solano County
Free fare Free fare Free faro
MURRRAY & READY, 634-63* Clay st
A— FOR a mine boarding house, second cook,
$40 and found, fare advanced: also for same
place, third cook, $35. fare advanced. MUR-
RAY tc RE.vrrr. 634-636 Clay et.
A— C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 GEARY ST.
1000 MEN FOR NEW R. R. WORK
200 teamsters, Nevada $2 a day
100 teamsters, Bakersfleld $2 a day
20 teamsters. Coast road |2 a day
10 laborers, Coast road..... $2 a day
20 tunnel men for big tunnel, Chatrworth
Park, Los Angeles County. ... $2 to $2 50 a day
Ship dally Fee $1 Free fare
FOR 3. P. CO.'S OWN WORK. ...%..
£0 laborers for rock crusher $1 90 a day
20 laborers, different divisions $1 70 a day
100 laborers, Surf, Santa Barbara Co.. $2 a day
Ship dally Fee Jl Free fare
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Hotel chef, $75; meat and pastry cook, coun-
try hotel, $55: cook, hotel, city. $30; third
cook, country hotel. $35. fare advanced: lunch
man, country, S12 a week; second cook, hotel,
$50; baker, country hotel, $45; baker's helper,
hotel, $27 50; 6 baiters' helpers. $20 to $35;
porter, country hotel, $ -^t>: 20 dishwashers and
kitchen hands, $20 and $25.
Head waiter, country hotel. $50; head
waiter, country hotel, S40; head waiters, dif-
ferent country hotels, $25 and $30.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st
A — SHAStPOOER and masseur, baths and
springs. £30 and found, fare advanced.
C. Jt HANSEN & CO 1C4 Geary st.
A— MARKER and distributor, country laundry,
$45 and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
ENGLISH or Scotch groom, $25 and found ; 2
gardeners and wives, $40 and $60; S farmers
and wives, $40; laundryman and wife, $60;
milker. $25. small dairy; 2 drivers for milk
wagons, $30 and found; 12 fruit pickers, $25
V month and $1 day and board; 2 men Jor wine
cellar and vineyard, $10 week; stableman and
driver. $50; ranch teamsters. $30 month and
$1 23 day.and board. J. F. CROSETT Agency.
C28 Sacramento st.
RAILROAD laborers for all points; free fare.
J. F. CROSETT Agency, 62S Sacramento st
ATTENDANT for Invalid: younjr man with
references: $30 and found. J. F. CHO6ETT
Agency, 62S Sacramento st.
6 HOUSE carpenters for long country Job, $3
• day. 8 hours. J. F. CROSBJTT Agency, 628
Sacramento st.
CIRCULAR sawyer, $3 5ft day; edgwman; band
sawyer, $4 day; re-sawyer, $3 day; 3 screw
turners, $2 50 day; woodsmen of all kinds at
going wages. J. F. CROSETT Agency, 628
Sacramento st^
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. II. Bernard, 8eo., 104 7th; tel. Jessie 153.
WANTED— Bright young man of good address
for wholesale etore. Apply In own hand-
Writing, giving age, references and salary ex-
pected. box 1913, Call offlce.
BRIGHT young man j to assist In offlce of
¦ wholesale produce house. Address in own
handwriting, stating age. . experience and ref-
erences, box 1915, Call offlce.
STICKER and matcher hand wanted for manu-
facturing establishment: steady worlc to a
. capable man. Box 4003, Call office.
WANTED— Steady man. with small capital;
permanent place; will pay $65 per month
year round: light work. 1016 Market Bt.. r. 10.
WANTED — Four boys to distribute circulars.
K. S. C. Medical Co., rooms 121-2 Murphy
bldg.. 1236 Market st. :
$3 A DAY to men and boys for "The Bache-
lor's Friend": sample 5c In stamps- J- HAN-
SEN, 2907 Ellis St., ¦Berkeley.
TO tailors' cutters— A first-class' cutter re-
quired; permanent position. Apply between
10 and 11 a,. ! m. to CHARLES LYONS, the
London Tailor. 731 Market St.
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday. 123 Third.
BARKR wanted for Saturday and - Sunday.
1648 Mtlsslon st.
BARBER wanted Wednesday, Saturday and
Sunday: $6. 2144 Mission st
2 GOOD barbers for Saturday. 797 Mission St.,
corner Fourth.
BARBER Friday noon and Baturday. 623 Clay.
BARBER— Good workman wanted. 120 Geary.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
556 Fourth st « "
BARI5ER partner wanted, with or without
money ; , reference expected. Box 4002, Call.
COATMAKER and general tailor for country.
REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st
LADIES' tailors; only flrst-class men wanted:
highest wages. FRANCES,. 798 Sutter St.
BENCH hands and cabinet makers wan'/hi. R.
¦ HERRING. 559 Brannan st.
WANTED^-Paperhanger. Apply 25 Geary st
WANTED— Clothing and hat man. 330 Kearny
-. st. ,>nenr Pine. ' " ' - : ¦ ¦ . :
GARDENER at Grallert Nursery, Colma, ; San
Mateo Co. ' Write or call bet. 3 and 4 p.m.
WANTED-^Good cook; must know how to cut
meat. Bay. Oyster House.-. 135 Powell st.
¦ ALL sizes men's shoes, Bllghtly damaged, half
price.- 562 Mission st, bet. 1st and 2d sts.
BOOTBLACK for barber shop and to = clean
,, baths. y 120 Geary 'st ¦ ¦
WAITER wanted. 631 ; Clay st : -
WANTED—Lunch cook; $7 EO a week. 1077
Market st- --,-J-
HELP WAX TED— MALE.
WANTED— Recruits for the United 8tates Ma-
rine Corps, U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the ages
of 21 and 35 years; not less than 5 feet 4
inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch in height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
flce, 40 Ellis st, San Francisco, Cal.. 630 K. st,
Sacramento. Cal., or 1058 J st., Fresno. Cal.
WANTED— For U. S. army, able-bodied, un-
married men between ages of 21 and 33; citi-
zens of United States; of good 1 character and
temperate habits, who can speak, read ana
write Knxllsh; recruits are specially desired
for service in Philippines. ' For Information
apply to Recruiting Officer, 121 New Mont-
gomery St.. San Francisco. Cal.
RELIABLE man to represent. In resident com-
munity, old established house, worth $250,000:
duties require hiring help, making collections
and some of flee work; liberal salary and ex-
penses advanced to right party. Address WM.
J. UHL. Mgr.. 723 Chestnut St.. Philadelphia,
Pa. '_
WANTED— Large strong boys, age from 15 to
17' years, of good family, who are desirous
of learning the crockery business. Apply be-
tween hours 9:30 and 1L NATHAN-DOHR-
MANN CO.. 122 Sutter st.
NEW goods; quick sales; salary or commis-
sion; city or country. THE J. DEWING CO.,
Flood b .-lldlDC.
WANTED— A dishwasher. Jefferson Hotel.
Harbor View.
GRADUATE optician (Al refractlonist), neat
appearance: elderly person preferred; salary
»20 week. Box 3261. Call office.
A STRONG boy for retail store; state age, ex-
perience and fullest particulars or no atten-
tlon given. Box 1678. Call office.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to 13 per week.
GET your shoes half ao'led while waiting: 23c
to 50c. 5C2 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d its.
GOOD porter wanted at 607 Laguna St., corner
Hayes.
BOY' to learn carpentering. Call 629 California
street.
GROCERY clerk, counter and delivery work:
salary J9 per week. Box 1681. Call office.
WANTED— Oood barber: steady job. SAM
WITT. £313 Santa Clara ave.. Alameda.
BARBER shop and living room for sale. 114
Fourth st
FIRST-CLASS tailor on custom coats. 133T4
Natoma st.. near New Montgomery.
SECURITY deposit put up for street railway
employes. SHALMOUNT. 1406 Pine. 2-4 p. m.
TWO solicitors ; salary and commission. C. L
PARKER. 933 Market st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade. S F.
Barber College. 741A Howard st
BAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 2S Steuart
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. 16
years' practice; Examiner building.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 23c night: reading-room; free
bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard—
Rooms 15c to 25c night; 75c to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES 'for sale; also wagons, buggies
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
817 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
70 HEAD draft, carriage and saddle horses;
also pneumatic and rubber-tired buggies;
cheap. Occidental Horse Exchange. 721 How-
ard st.
; v HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED llet: houses to let; send for clr-
, cular. O. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY, 1912. nr. Octavla-6 rooms, bath
laundry; marine view; rent $20.
HOWARD. 1105 — Upper part of house, u nlca
sunny rooms; hot and cold water; rent US 50.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— A house of S or 7 rooms east of
Franklin and north of Market; rent not to
exceed $27. Address MISS VALUER. 21S
Leavenworth St.
WANTED— House of 8 to 12 rooms; rent $25 to
$40. Box 1C97. Call offlce.
LOST AND FOOD.
LOST— Sorrel horse; weight about 1150 lbs. ;
white mark on hind foot: white mark on
neck from collar sore. Return to JOHN
RAPP & SON. opposite Eighth and Townsend
sts., and receive liberal reward.
LOST— Wednesday evening," a pocketbook con-
taining marine discharges, and other papers
valuable only to owner. Reward If returned
to ERNEST H. F. C. FRANK, on board
transport Rosecrani. Folsom-st. wharf.
LO3T— Pointer bitch on Ninth ave.. south of
Park. Return to southeast corner Haight and
Flllmore sts. and receive liberal reward.
$100 REWARD return of four $1000 Leavenwortn
Co. bonds. MRS. M. A. McFARLAND. 97S
Geary st
LOST — At Sausalito ferry, Sunday, between 5:43
and 6 p. m., a brown fur cape. Reward by
returning same to 822 Geary st
LOST — A black feather boa. Sutter and La-
puna sts. Receive reward by returning to
2323 Pacific ave.
REWARD for bunch of keys. Return to 1S22
O'Farrell st
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 1223 Market st-£lell-
able ladles' and gents' ' specialists : 32 /ears'
practice: have treated thousands of cases suc-
cessfully; a positive cure guaranteed at of-
fice; ladies treated can return home the same
day; try the celebrated HINDO HERB treat-
ment for home cure; any ot»e can use it by di-
rections; perfectly harmless: home for confine-
ment. Send five 2-oent stamps for circular.
MRS. DR. KOHL, the well-known and reliable
ladles' specialist; guaranteed treatment at of-
flce. $5; positive cure; home for patients be-
fore and during confinement: skillful medical
attention; consultation free and confidential.
446 Eddy st, bet. Leavenworth and Hyde.
DR. G. W. O'DQNNELL. th« world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In San Francisco for years; treated thou-
sands of cases successfully; treatment can be
used at home; consultation froe. After all
others fall call on him. 1023'i Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladle*' specialists,
have returned from Europe: safe and reliable;
cure $5; have treated thousands of cases with
success; 13 years' practice in S. F. ; maternity
home; low fees. 10O7H Market st. near Sixth.
A — NEW process; great progress in medical
science; every woman her own physician; no
medicine or pills used; can be used at home.
DR. POPPER, 313 Kearny st.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 25 yrs"7
practice: home in confinement; treatment at
office. $5; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fidential. 942 Post st., bet. Hyde and Larkin.
NO TOY KEE. Chinese doctor: cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc. : all diseases treat-
ed:, send for testimonials; ad\-lce free. Sani-
tarium, 704 Sacramento St., corner Kearny.
MRS. M. ALLEN, 1035 Market— Ladles' special-
ist, home in confinement: safe and reliable:
consultation free: hours 10 to 8.
DR. and MRS. M. WEOENER— Private home
in confinement 1312 Golden Gate ave.
DR. WISE— The only genuine ladles' specialist.
Offlce 1118 Market at. :
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human bedy. 115 Mason st.
MINES A>D MINING.
LADY having valuable mining property In
Mexico would like to dispose of an Interest to
responsible parties; no promoters. Address
box 1635. Call office. /
MISCELLANEOUS-— FOR SALR
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand; we always
¦ havo a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 101?. 1021. 1OEJ Mission St.,
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
FOR sale cheap— 1 large coal wagon. 1 delivery
wagon. 1 cart. 1 double set harness. 1 single
set scale, truck and sign board; stable and
barn, yard and office to let Apply 2101 Cen-
tral ave., Alameda.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 218 Spear St.
A— BEAUTIFUL solid gold 14-karat fine lady's
watch." almost new. for $J6: cost originally $33.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant avenue. , .
NICE diamond stud for $30 at UNCLE HAR-
RIS', 15 Grant ave.
A— 10O H. P. engine, boiler, two drill air cbm-
preasor. ¦'¦ ¦ JARDINES. ¦ 220 , Fremont st.
A— $3 60 DERBY. and Fedora. hats. $1 75. Pop-
-:Ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st, near Pine.
FIRST-CLASS screw-cutting lathe. 9x24; small
wood lathe; 1 small bent saw. 538 Mission st.
MISCKI.LAJiEOUS — FOR SALE.
FOR SALE— Half Interest In best headache J
powder en the market: well advertised : a for-
tune In It. Address H. IX. I\. box 1700, Call.
TWO cash registera; Sunset Market, 171 Fourth
street. 7
JD-HAND photographic and magic lantern out-
nts bought, sold, exchanged. 10» Montgomery.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and flre and burglar
proof safe. SIS California st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modem engines and
bollera bought and sold. KKOGH Mfj. Co.
2D-HAND gasoline and steam engines, lathes
etc.; general machine work. 137 Beale st.
JD-HAND engines, boilers, dynamos, motors,
and gasoline eng. H. 3. White. 31S Mission.
A FINE suit, $10; dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
TYPEWRITER. No. 2 Smith Premier: lata
model; cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 Cal.
EDISON concert phonosraph; reduced price.
S75; concert records, tl Mi Bacigalupi. 933 Mkt.
PORTABLE, engines, boilers: Iron and wood
planere. lathes; Id-hand. J. Burke, 139 Beaten
2IX-HAND fire-proof safe: 1 flre and burglar
proof eafe; cheap. 42 Main st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand: movin?
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAXX SAFE CO.. 417-43 Sacramento St.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE*
WALTZ SAFE. 1C3-111 Market St.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS AVA5TS.
WANTED— Second-hand schooner yacht or
sloop; fair condition, with cabin; must be
cheap for cash. Box 1634. Call office.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought &
sold. SUverman. 984 Folsom; tel. Folsom H3L
KLEIN still pays best price, for clothing, brlc- '
a-brac and books. 109 Sixth St.; tel Jessie 1*1.
SEALSKINS are what we ray big prices for.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. S Stockton st.
IF youwlsH full value for your ca3t-off cl^thin^r
call on B. COHEN. 1S7 Third: tei. Black 4123.
3IO.\EV TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d an<l 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; morgapes and legacies bought; no de-
lay: get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLCAX, 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 8 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life insurance. Room 16. first floor.
Chronicle bldg. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLT respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at lo-.v-
est rat<»s. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S4* Market
st.: tel. Ma'.n 1C44. Eranch 13 Third st.
ON furniture, and pianos without removal; quick
service; money direct: lowest Interest. Uoonas
68 and 69. I>or.oho« building. 1170 Market st.
ON real estate. 1st and 2nd mortgages and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rate. BECKER & CO., 28 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamond",
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
LOANS
SALARIES and FURNITURE
O. H. HARSHBARGER. 322 Ellis, room 3t
AT 128 Kearny St.. room 9, respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates: take elevator. Telephone Davis 90S.
$W>.0C0at6 per cent In sums to suit in city, also
$150,000 on large ranches; also on second mort-
gages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 415 Plna St.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates: confidential.
EONELLI. 301 Jones St., corner EJdy.
MONEY loaned salaried people without »«curtty.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
$25,000 TO loan; 1st or 2d mortgages; 6%: es-
tates. chattels. HARPER. 813 Hearst bldj.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security, j
HILL. r. 44. Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; confi-
dential; on diamonds, eto. 33 Taylor st.
H. MURPHY. «30 Market St.. solves allk'.ndsof
financial problems; 2d mortgages, estates, etc.
TO salaried people without security: all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrot big.
ON furniture, pianos; 3 per cent per month: no
commission. Mrs. Wilson, rm. 191, 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on not» without
lndorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal ; no com-
mission; private. LICK. 118 McAllister st.
TO salaried men without collateral or indoraer.
S. F. Discount Ajrency. 143 Phelan building.
MUSICAL L\STniME.\TS. '
THE finest tuning and repairing of all kinds
of musical instruments Is done by our staff
of experts. We guarantee all of our work.
and Aarge reasonable prices. MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market St.
ANOTHER carload of those beautiful Pack-
ard plano3 just received. They are the finest
wa ever had. and are worth looking at. We
Invite you to call. MAUVAI9. 763 Market »t.
IF It's a bargain you are locking for. you can-
not afford to buy until our stock and prices
have been examined. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO..
! 783 Market st.
j ALL purchasers of pianoa at SHERMAN. CLAY
St CO.'S have the privilege of exchanging for
a STEINWAT any time within three years
and full purchase price allonred: the best
' makers of every grade to select from; beautl-
I ful new uprights *6 cash. 44 per month: som»
1 good pianos for 13. ft and 15 per month.
1 SHERMAN, CLAY A CO.. STETNWAY
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter st3..
I San Francisco; corner Broadway and Thir-
teenth sts.. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest »"<* largest house
west of Chicago is KOHL.ER & CHASE"S.
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades '
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy thd
customer. *
A niW high-grade pianoa sacrificed this week;
call, aee them; a nice upright piano. S125: a
beautiful upright. $1W; a nice Steinway.
Chase Bros, and several other bargains at
J. DEWING CO.. Flood bid*., cor. Market
and Fourth sts.
9 GOOD square pianos from 130 to $200.
S fine grand pianos from 1175 to $450.
5 fecend-hand uprights from J73 to £23.
1 Steinway 1 Steck. 1 Weber. 1 Curtaz.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 18 O'Farrgll st.
REMOVAL of KeefTe's piano store frcm Van
Ness to 933 Market, bet. 5th and Sth. next
Hale Bros., & will continue reduction sale f^r
3 weeks; open eVngs; call and get low prices.
IF yoa have a GABLETR. piano, send your nama
to Byron Mauzy, SCS Poet St.. the sole agent,
for Information. -
VIOLIN strings: never wet; best In the world:
making and repairing of all kinds of musical
Instruments. Carl C. Anderson. <17 Geary st.
AT any prlc#: no reasonable offer refused; re-
moval sal*. 12S Ellis st.
SLAUGHTER sale of upright pianos for "tor-
age, $30 up. WILSON'S Storage. 1.10 Market.
BE In the swim: rent a new piano for $3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ CO.. 5*'t) Hayes st.
THE "WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 314 Pott St.;
Hardman, Conover and other pianos.
"SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauiy. Gabler. Hamil-
ton pianos. 303 Post St.. opp. Union Square.
BARG\IN — Good pls.no cheap: Installment J3
per month. SCHMITZ. 1« McAllister st.
W O. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st.. a*rent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR violins. *lthers. old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 3 Latham place.
REDUCTION* sale: new pianos. S3 payments;
for rent. H up. BRUENN. 208 Poat St.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weelcly
CalL IS rasres, sent to any address In th«
United States or Canada one year for $L
OFFICES A?iD STORES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building, 927 Market—
Offices, light and sunny. $13 to J20 per month-
light, heat. Janitor and use of tel. Included.
SUNNY office. S rooms on Market. connectlrJt
$30; 2 on Eddy. $20. Emery & Smith. 3 Eddy!
TO rent— Modern store: well lighted; Kxl40;
rent reasonable. K8 Hayes rt,
PALMISTRY^
MME. Neergaan!, Pres. St. Germain College of
Palmistry; reads 1 to 9. »16 Geary, nr. J ones.
WirrSUFFER? *" ~*
Persons affilcted with Rheumatism (no mat-
ter of how lonn stan«lng>. or anyother chronio
disease, should call at once at this SAN3
SOUCI. 1409 Van Ness ave.— the ap-to-date in-
stitution for treatment. We have 25 years'
experience. Charges reasonable.
LF.DERER, the popular hairdresser, gives you
the latest and nobbiest style* for only Z'-c;
switches tl up. G. LEDEREK. 123 Stockton.
MME. ADA. 34 Kearny. 47 Post, office 10-U: IS
; sick, suffering from any cause, see this aron-
derfnlly gifted healer: she will cure you.
INSTITUTE of Science; muprMiilVff therapei*! i
tics: magnetic heallnit: personal magnetism; M
hypnotism. Prof. Fisher, instructor. S17 M.i->-> JJ
LEDERER'S Qulntonica hair tonic is the only
remedy for falling hair; 35c bottle.
FREE. "Valuable Remedy" for rheumatism;
free. "Retired Nurs«." 1681 Uukit. nr. VMk.BEAL ESTATE , TBANSACTIONS.
William and Lizzie Hlnkel to' John E. Smith,
lot on E line of Clayton street, 178:9 N of
Frederick. N - 23 by E . 106 ; $5300. '
William M. and Elizabeth Glllespie to Ceien
tln Kieffer, lot on SW corner of Seventeenth
and Shotwell streets. W 25 by 8 100; $10.
Bernard and Geovame Trezzlnls to . Margaret
Donahue, lot on N line of Seventeenth street
81:3 W of Church,: W 62:9, N 106, E 27:9, S 26
E 25, S 80; $10. - -
Isaac Anderson i to John and Gabrielle C
Traynor, lot on S line of Thirteenth street. 73
W of Walter. W 25 by S 1C0: $10.
Emit and Mary A. Kluse to '.Walter 'O. 'and
. ROTTERDAM— Arrived Aug 23— Stmr Am
sterdam, from New York.
Sailed Aug 23— Stmr Maasdam.for New York
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Aug 23— Stmr Auguste
Victoria, ' from New. York, for Cherbourg - and
Hamburg. • ¦¦ • ¦ / : -
NEW YORK— Sailed; Aug 23— Stmr Koenlgen
Lulse, for; Bremen, via Southampton. •
Arrived : Aug 25— Stmr • Pretoria, from Ham-'
burg, .via ' Boulogne and Plymouth.
OCEAN ' STEAMERS.
COLON— Arrived Aug 21— Stmr Advance, from
New York. ' ."' , _
Sailed Aug 21— Stmr-Alllanca, for New York.
DUNGARVAN BAY— Arrived Aug 22— Br ship
A Urdu nee. from Seattle. . ....,.-_¦-,
¦¦¦• FALMOUTH— Arrived Aug 22-Br ship Com
bcrmere, 1 hence March 14. ¦¦ ; •
QUEENSTOWN- Arrived Aug 22— Br, ship
Caithness-shire, ¦ hence April 10. '.-••
ACAPULCO— Sailed Auk 21-^Stmr Acapulco,
for San Francisco; etmr. San Juan, for Panama.
NANAIMO— Sailed Aug 23— Stmr San Mateo,
for San Francisco. -
FOREIGN PORTS.
TACOMA-Salled Aug , 23-Schr Winslow. for
San FranciEco. • '
, SAN DIEGO— Sailed Aujr 23— Ger stmr Tanic,
for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR-Arrlved Aug 23-Schr San
Buenaventura,. from Nome.
BOWEXS LANDING— Arrived Augr 23— Schr
Newark, hence Aujr 22.
Sailed Aug 23— Stmr Navarro, for San Fran
cisco. ' •• ' - ! ¦¦¦"•.'¦•'¦- X
POUT - BLAKELET— Arrived Aug 23— Ship
JohnEna. from Port' Townsend.
Sailed Aug 23— Haw ship Balclutha, for Port
Plrle. .- ,..•.¦-¦.«--'.
DOMESTIC POKTS,
POINT LOBOS, Aug 23. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind SW,^velocity 10 miles.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Thursday, August 23.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 10 hours from
Point Arena.
Stmr Brunswick. Andresen. 25 hours from
Trinidad; bound to Newport (S); put in to land
passengers. . . :
Schr Jennie Griffin, Low, 5 hours from Point
Reyes. , '
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs Colvln. St Lake
G Walloch, St Lake
A Blngham, Marysville
E T Hart, Mass
Miss Crossman, N T
Miss Bache. N Y
Miss Frank; N Y
W A Bremer, S Mateo
O Jenkins, StanfoM
E Sadler. U S S Iowa
J Donnelly, Oakland
E II Cox. Merced ;:
Dr J Luttls. Iowa
E OPatz. Chicaco
W S Stltt. Chlcaeo
J Rowntree. Denver
O Morse Jr & w, Chlgo
A M Janey. N Y
Miss Roberts. L Ang
Kendrtck, L. An«
C B Morris, Cal
Mrs . Schwartz. Phila
C A Scott. S Diego
T Flint Jr. S Juan
W L Norrta, S Mateo
H Packard, Bakersfleld
A Vermelyear, Chicago
G M Diver., N Y
E L Kartells. N Mex
Neta Rouse. S Jose
H J Small, Saeto
E T DuPius, Nevada
C Marsden,* L Ans
W Batcheller. N Y
A A Kinir. Wash
J B Townsend. Ohio
Miss M Townsend, Ohio
Miss It Townsend, Ohio
G S Ullman, Chicago
Mrs Murray. Ontario
Miss Sheaff. S Jose
J Gildersleeve, Stanfd
F H Yost. Stanford
GRAND HOTEL.
3 Dressle, La Grange
Mrs L. C Lewis, Hanfd
W Majrulre, Dutch Fit
F N Murray, Ohio
L Armstrong & w, Cal
J Jackson, Los Ang
T W McAuliffe, Sacto
L R Poundstone. Cal
B M Lelongr, Sacto
D A James, 'Miss
C E Wler, Miss
W W Perry, Miss
1> Hamberg, Miss
F L Glide, Sacto
W G Muster, Ind
F H Stoddard, Sonora
N H Nicholson, Ferris
A J Laison, Lodi "
A N Dale & ¦w. Tenn
Mrs P C Eccles. Hnfd
Judge Eccles, Hanford
J Townsend & w. Ill
G E Kennedy. Llvermr
W Y Showier, Sacto
T J Kirkwood & w, la
J S Craig & w, Highld
B Allen, Highlands
J Craig. Highlands
J Gallagher; Fresno
H M Reed & w, Reedly
O McGinn, Portland
J V Shepherd, N Y
G E Lovering. Sn Josa
D C Ross, Sacto
F H Gilman, Chicago
C H Beerner, Sacto
T Corwln, Dayton
W J Shaddack. Iowa
R B Darling, Iowa
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
L J Adams & W, L A
F M Fulton. Oregon
W Moore &. w, Salinas
J GafTetti, Stockton
F Stephens. St Louis
G L Fuller. Idaho
F E Daniels. Idaho
\V P Consonno. Idaho
J Crosbie. St Helena
F Wilson, Grass Valley
N G Potter, Tapoma
Mrs Potter & 3 c. Tao
J Todhunter. Sacto
J D Lemley. Idaho
Mrs Reardon. - Idaho
AV Lutey, Chinese Cp
T C Conklin, Vallejo
O L Lamson, Benlcla
A Meeker & w, Spokan
Mrs Edrar, Seattle
M J Kelly. Seattle
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued From Page Eight.
Nell Reardon (owner) with Thomas F. Mitch
ell (contractor), architect T. T. Mitchell— All
work for repairing a two-story frame building
Injured by flre on W line of Castro street 110
S of Twentieth, W.J2S by S 25; $1177 65.
Builders' Contracts.
L. O. and Dorcas O. Snow to W. A. Hefllnger,
lot on S line of Thirty-ninth street. 206.13 E of
Market. E 50 by S 139:6. Oakland; $10. w
Frederick A. Merritt to Irving A. Coonradt.
lot on SE line of Chetwood street, 236 NE of
Santa Rosa avenue, NE 5 feet by SE 132 • be
ing the N 5 feet of HE half of lot 11. block G,
Stanford Tract, Oakland, subject to mortgage;
Edward P. Flint to William J. Cahill, lot
on S lino of Falrmount avenue, 50.09 E from
NE Pearl street, SE 147.37, NE 60, NW M.74,
SWj50.09 to beginning, being lot 2. block D on
Map of Resubdlvlsion of blocks C and D Flint
Tract. Oakland; $10.
James L. and Mary C. Fogg to Kathe Peter
son (wife of F. G.), NW corner of
lot 3, block D. Map of Peralta Heights, and
Athol avenue. N 145, E 39.44. S 142. W 50 to be
ginning, being portion of lot 3, block D, Map
of Peralta Heisrhts, East Oakland; $10.
Harriet E. Turnbull (by Thomas Tumbull,
attorney) to Anna Lepkajis. lot 68 on Map of
Henry and Phillips subdivision of Bray Tract,
Brookly/i Township; $10.
Emma L. Bowne to Anna E. Stebbins, lot on
S line of Twenty-second Btreet, 75 E of Linden.
E 50 by S 125, being portion of lots 5, 6 and 7,
block F-61S, on map of survey of Northern Ex
tension to Oakland; also property In San Fran
cisco: $10.
Harrison & Sophie J. White to Amelia R.
Kelloge, lot on NE lino of East Twenty-third
street, 150 NW of Ninth avenue, NW 50 by
NE 150. block 144, Clinton, East Oakland; $10.
J. C. Estey to C. A. Doss, lot on N line of
East Fifteenth street. 112:6 E of Twentieth ave
nue. E 37:6 by N HO. being lot 6 a#'i E % of
lot 5, block 25, San Antonio. East Oakland; $10.
Andrew F. E&gers to Edward B. Thompson,
.42 of an acre beginning' at most W corner
of lands of Eegers at a point in county road,
Irvlngton to Centrevllle. on NE line of survey
No. 15 of ex-Mission San Jose lands, distant
NW-150, 4 feet from line of lands now (or for
merly) of Mack, thence NE 327.3 feet, NW 56
feet. SW 351.4 SE 60 to beginning, being a sub
division of the Stubbe Tract, town of Irving
ton. Washington Township; $550.
Sarah J. Titus to Lowell J. Hardy Jr., lot
on NW line of Seventh avenue, 100 SW of East
Eleventh street. SW 50 by NW 150, quitclaim
deed, value received. East Oakland; $ .
Ethel L. Nichols (wife of H. D.) to Karl n.
Nickel, lot on N corner of Fifth avenue and
East Fourteenth street, NW 75 by NE 115, block
65. Clinton. East Oakland: $10.
Eliza E. and M. Rinehart to Nancy E. Hoaff,
lot on NE line of East Eighth street, 74 NW of
Sixth avenue, NW 38 by NE 120. block 3, Clin
ton, East Oakland; $10. -
Everell F. and Rosa S. Dutton to Charles E.
Dutton, lot on S line of Laurel street, 387:1 W
of Broadway, W 5.0 by S 119, lot 34, Webster
Homestead, quitclaim deed, Oakland; $1.
E. A. Haines to same, the NW % of section
17, township 2 S, range 2 E, quitclaim deed,
Murray Township: $10.
Daniel XV. Smith to same, 7.47 acres, being
lot 7 of SW Yt, section 25, township 2 S, range
2 E, quitclaim deed, Murray Township; $6.
S. F. and Ellen Sinclair to same, the BW %
of section 13. township 2 S, range 2 E, quitclaim,
deed, Murray Township; $15.
Amos Mecartney to S. Prentlsa Smith, the SW
Vi of section 13, township 2 S, range 2 E, quit
claim deed. Murray Township; $20.
Harriet G. Cohen to Jeanette Rawllnson, lot
on W line of Ninth or McPherson street 90 N
of Bantu Clara avenue, N 50 by W 125, - Ala
meda; ' $10. '
Mary R. Lansing to Edward J. Stewart, lot
on N line of Ninth street, 76:8 E of Madison, E
36:8 by N 100, being portion of lots 27 and 2S,
block 125, Oakland; $10.
Alameda County.
Adela L. Renn to Frederick W. Renn, lot on
N line of Ripley (Prospect) street, 355:9 E of
Folsom, E 25 by N 100, Preclta Valley lots ¦ 136
and 137; gift.
Oscar H. and Mary A. Curtaz to same, lots
1 and 2, block 32, Excelsior Homestead Associa
tion; $1.
Jane Montell (widow) to Augusta A. Hink
(wife of J. F.), lot on NE corner of Lisbon and
India streets, N 92:11, E 116:3, S 153:8. W 100,
block 32. Excelsior Homestead; $1.
Christian and Louisa Holtum to A. C. Hart,
lot on SW corner of Twenty-ninth avenue and
K street, W 67:6 by S 100; also lot on E line of
Forty-sixth avenue, 160 S of P street. S 50 by
E 120; also lot on W line of Twenty-seventh
avenue, 175 S of J street, . S 25 by W 120; "also
lot on W line of Thirty-fifth avenue, 100 S of I
street, S FiO by W 120: also lot on W line ol
Forty-sixth avenue, 225 S of N street, S 75 by
W 120; also lot on S line of. Frederick street,
150:7% W of Cole. W 25 by S 137:6; also lot on
E line of Forty-sixth avenue, 125.. N of M street,
N 50 by E 120: $10.
Selim E. Woodwortb. to Carrie W. Wood
worth, undivided nine thirty-sixths of the fol
lowing: Lot onSW corner of Second and Mar
ket streets, W 75, S 91:6, W 20. S 43:6, E 93, N
135: also lot on S line of Washington street.
77:6 W of Montgomery, W 20 by S 46; also prop
erty outside of county; gift. -
Hannah E. Beach and Mamie E. McCoy to
Jennie D. Beach, lot on NW corner of Wash
ington and Taylor streets, N 60 by W 92:3U.
quitclaim deed; $5. . '.
Jacob and Sarah Gordan to Robert Gordan,
lot on NW corner of Noe and Army streets, N
114 by W 106:6;: $10. ' .
Same to same, lot on S lino of Duncan street,
254:5. W of Diamond street, W 51 by S 114; $10.
I Same to. same, lot on SW corner . of Valley
and Diamond streets, W 50:10 by S 114; $10.
George D. ¦ and Charlotte J. Graybill to John
Rebstock, lot on N line of North Point street,
160:5 E of Powell, E 68:9 by N 137:6; $6150.
Clara S. Cook, "lot on E line of Church' street,
99:4 N of Twenty-third, N 24:10 by E.70; $10.
Lillian M. Thurston (Anderson) and William
E. Thurston to William E. Anderson, lot -on N
line of Twenty-eighth street, 100 E of Sanchez,
E 26 by N 114; U. *-
THE-SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 24, 1900.
11
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend Ko. lOS^TrOcPper
ehare) of the Oceanic Steamship Company
will be payable at the office of the company,
3-7 Market Bt., on and after Saturday, Sep-
tember 1, 1900. Transfer books close on Sat-
urday, Aupust 25, 19C0.' at 12 m.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
SANTA FJ'E ROUTE
TRAINS.
. MARKET-STREET FERRT.
LeaTt: JOrerUnd: Daily for Chica- ArrlTwf
go. Kansas City. D«nver
and all Eastern points.
SI Paao. City of Mex-
lco. Prescott and Pho*-
atx. Ariz., Bakersfleld,
• a. ra. Visalia. Tnlare. Han- Ua
ford. Frseno. Merced.
Stockton. Antloch. Stand-
ard and Tourist Sleep-
ers to Chicago. Dining
car between Stockton
and Bakersfleld.
Stockton Local: For San
4:10 p.m. Pablo. Pinole. Mulr. Bay 11:36 a.m.
Point, Cornwall. Anti-
och and Stockton.
Bakersfleld Local: For San
Pablo. Pinole. Mulr. Bay
Point. Cornwall. Antl-
8 p. ra. och, Stockton, Merced. ( a, m.
Freano, Hanford, VUa-
11a. Tclare and Bakers-
Held. Sleepers to Fresno *
.- and Bakersncld.
TICKET OFFICES: «S Marked st.
Ferry Depot, foot of Market St.. San Francisco.
111« BrnaiVvv. Oakland.
A BRANCfl office for Call advertlsemenU and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
V&ltncia eu
RAILWAY COMPANY.
__ Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO BAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 1J:3S.
S:80. 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 o. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:00
and 11:30 d. m. "2
BUNDAY&-8:00. »:80. U:00 a. m-r 1:30. 1:30,
5:00, 6:20 D. m.
SAX RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO. -
"WEEK DAYS-«:10. 7:50. 9:20, U:10 a. m.; 13;4S,
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:33 d. m.
SUNDAYS-8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. ra.: 1:43. 1:40.
i":Cc, 6:25 p. m.
Between fan Francisco and Echuetzen Paxk
same schedule as above.
Leave J In Effect. I Arrive
Ban Francisco. (Apr. 15, 1900.] San Francisco.
Week 1 Sun- I I Sun- I 'Week
Days. I days, f Destination.) days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:0C>m Xovato. • 10:40 ami 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 ana
6:1J pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:33 pm! 6:30 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am , 'Windsor. 10:25 aza
Healdsburtr-
Lytton.
Geyserville.
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami I Hopland I 110:25 am
8:30 pm| 8:00 am[ and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| «:;o pm
7:20 am - 10:25 am
8:00 am Ouerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 rm ~i< ¦;> -, (:20 pm
7:3Qcm 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am S:40am
and
B:ia pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am] 8:00 ami • ¦ - 110:40 am!10:25 am
3:30 pm! 5:00 pm| Seba3tcpol. | 7:33 pm| 6:20 pm
Statres connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
6prlngs and . White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
v for Altrurta: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skasss Spriscs: at Cloverdale
for -the Geysers:- at Hopland for: Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and ]3artlett
Bprlngs; at Cklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Eprlnes. Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside, LJerley**. Buckneirs.
Eanhedrln Heights. -Hullvllle. Orr'a Hot
Bprlncs. Mendoclno City, Fort . Bragg. West-
port. Usal, "WIHIta, Lay ton vine, Cummins.
Bell's Springs, ~ Harris, Olsen'a, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip- tickets at
reduced rates."
-- On Sunday round trip ¦ tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office*, «0 Market «t.. Chronicle bldr.
,H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
v General Maaeser.. _Gsa. Pasa. <\s«at. _
Enlarged to 16 Pages
61. per Y&ap»
at It Publishes the Cream off tbo
News of the Week and
2 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
o/ ORiGINALJFEATURES.
°\ IT IS TMB BEST WEEKLY
Of PAPER ON TMB
J ¦' PACIFIC COAST
3 \ ~~" / — *
J The Best .X V Mining
Telegraphic \/ New* That
°\ Service oo /\ l» Accur at»
o< ThsCotist / \&uptodat«
o{ Not a Une of it Sensational
gj or Faky, and Not a Line cf
Tj tt Dry or Uninterestlnf.
WEEKLY CALL
jT ~^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Bnv lit ln 1;>w> "* to* the treatment of PrtTate
f3X^*!5>f Olseuaea, Lost Manhood. Debility or
«323TsKH disease rearing on bodyand mlndand
«SBK2aS| Stela Wjeases. The doctorcureswhen
others lalL Try him. Charge* low.
tStjaaOSESI <*nrr«enaraalr»1. Callorwrtta.
fir- -*. tt. uIBBOS, JBux 1937. Saa Francisco
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS. ...9:30 a. m.. 1:45 and 5:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS 8, 9. 10. 11 a. m.. 1:30. 2:30 tx m.
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return. It 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
MOUNT TAMALPAI3 SCENIC RAILWAY
CALIFOfiNIA NORTHVESTEBN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing; April 22. 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VAIjUJT
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:M, *8:30, 9:30, 11:00 «. m.i
1J:4S. 1:45. S:15. 4:15. •S:^ «:15; «:40 p. m.
EXTRA. TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays. "Wednesdays, Saturday*
and Sundays, at 1:00 and 11:35 p. ra.
8UNDAYS-7:0O, •S:CO. »9:00. •10:00. 11:00. U:»
a. m-: 13:43. 1:M. 1:39. '3:U. 5:00. 6:00. 1:U
p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not ran to San Rafael Sun-
days.
Trains marked (•) run to San Qtjentla.
FROM SAN RAFAEL, TO 3AN FRANCISCO.
WE£K DAYS-5:35. •«:«*. T:50. 8:40. 10:14 a!
m.: 12:30. 1:13. !:15. «3:30. 4:20. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. "Wednesdays
end Saturdays at *6:43 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS-«:15. '3:00, •3:50, »ll:00a. m.; •13:09
m.; 1:90. 2:13. »3:30. 4:30. »5:43, 6:G, 7:J0. 10:20
p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from 8an Quentln.
FROM MILL. VALLET TO BAN FRA>fCI3CO.
WEEK DAT3-«:53, 1:45. 8:00. 8:55. 10:30 il
m.; 12:35. 1:45, 2:45. 3:30, 4:50. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:S5. 8:C3. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.; 12-J±
1:W 2:30. 3:*5. 4:55, «:15. 7:06, 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINa
7:00 a. m. week day»— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
8:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and war sta-
tlons.
6:15 p. ra. weekdays (Saturday* cxc«pteQ-a
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero aad way sta*
tlons.
1S:*5 p. m. Eundayn— Point Itsyss) ana way
station*.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
COAST MTlNlON (Narrim Uaag*).
(Pootot U*rltct 3trc«>.>
}?i43a S*nt» Crai Excursion for ftanta>
• " ' Cruz and rrindyal Waj Station* !*»••>
•Si I 3 a BeiTsrk.CeBtertille.HkD Joee, f'rlton.
Boulder Creek.ctasiUOriuaod Way
Station* *«]3«r
? 3i 1 3r Newark, CenterTlIIo. 8mn .lot*. N*w
Alma-leu, Feltoa. BonMer Cre«k.
Santa C'rns and Principal Wai
8t»t!o»s •!•!«••
*4i!3r Newark. Han Jose, Lea Gatos tS>»O4
o4;iar Glen wood. Felton. ft»nU Crui ««:O»A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
taiaSlR rUHCISCO— fi«l »f luktt SU»il(S!ii S)—
•7:15 9:00 lhOOi.M. 11:33 *2:S3 13:33
•4:08 15:03 *6:Mr.u.
frtaOilUSIB— r»ttrtru4w«T.— '8:00 8:00 10:00 *.«.
>13:C3 '1:33 t*C3 *3:C3 jt:C3 •B:03r.ll.
COAST DlfUUOn (Kromliaas*).
(Thlnl »nd TowDHenil SU.)
teilOAOcetui View. .South nan Fnneiaco.. tO:3wr
t7:OU* ,San Jose anil War Statluna (Now
Almadeu WadneadaMoiiIy) •lilt*
17i30» 8nndar Exeursloa ( t Htux Jot*.
StnU Cruz, 1'acifla Cro»a and
Principal Way .Stations ... - tS:33*
•»iOO* Han Jon. Tiw J'i.um. tta»t» Cms.
l'aciiic (iro?e. ftin Kublea. 2S»n
I, hI* Oblspo. Surf, Lomcoc »uJ
Principal Way ftUtlena Milt*
•¦••«•* 8ao Josa and Way HUtloua •••T*»
>I1s3Oa HanJoae.Losa&toaaiulWayHtaUou* »i.*»»
f3i45r Saa Matea. lUdwowl. Meolo Fark,
Palo Alto. SanUCUra. S*u .Io««,
Tre* Pinot. Hants Crui. 8al!nu.
Monterey ami raeifla Gravs tl«iS«*
• 3tS«p Ssn Joasaud Way Stations *?>S*r
f«:l3r San Jose aii>l Principal Way Station. *»i«3*
fSiUOrSan Joso, Los Gatoa and Principal
Way Statioui t«:00»
•3i30p Saa Jose an<I Principal Way SUUom t«-:33a
•«:30)r 8aa Jose aud Way Stations ?<:«•»*
»lli45p San Josa and Way Stations.. *7s»Or
A for Morning. P t at A fternoon
•Dfcilj. t Sunday exeepted. • bundty only.
ft Saturday only.
a Saturday and Sund»» « Monday only.
MASON, 2J 9— Newly furnished rooms for gen-
tlemen: cheap rent.
REAL. ESTATE CITY KOIt SALE.
17750— THREE new modern flats, with raxrble
Ftepe. frescoed ceilinss, etc., in the be« rent-
Ing eectlon of the city. 1 block from Halght-
et. cars, on Waller Et.. near Fierce; rents J»69
P*r year; easy terms.
1IINNA, £14— Nicely furnished front rooms; rea-
sonable.
O'FAHUELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: electric lights; day, wk.,mo.
$3200— HOUSE of 6 rocir.s ana bath for eale.
824 Tork st.
O'FAKRELL, WS-i Nicely furn.ished sunny qyist
rooms, en suite cr *Inele; eas, bath, phone.
S1OPER.V housm built; lowest prices: plan* and
gst!n.atea furnished Campbell. 1147 Mission.
POST. €31—1 furnished room, $5; no smoking
in the house: Protestant Christian preferred.
POWELL. 121. "The noFsln"— ChajiRed hands;
furnished rooms. MISS J. MALLETT; phone
black 4S41.
HEAL ESTATE COf.VTltV — For Snle
12 ACRES 1 mile from Lafayette; 3-room house,
barn. 4 chicken houses, family orchard; price
$1600; take $SOQ down, balance Jl'X) yearly
payments. E. E. GEHRINO. 478 Tenth Bt..
Oakland.
ROSEDALE House. 319 and S21 Ellis st.— Rooms.
nicht 25c to $1. week $1 25 to $4; open ntzht.
ROYAL HOUSE. 125 Ellis St.— Incandescent
light; readirc room, smoking: room and ladles'
parlor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to -IS; month, $8 to $20; elevator on office
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth st.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
$10.000— A FINE bearlcs vineyard of 38 acres;
the crop ready ln six weeks; estimated at
»2500; district free of frost and free of dis-
ease; 1*4 miles from Clownlale; winery, ca-
pacity of 70.000 tallon*: this place wants In-
Fpt-ctlon to be fully appreciated; will not be
for sale after the let of September. Address
T. J. D.. S« Cloverdale,
SIXTH. 136 — FurnlBhed sunny rooms: single or
gulteg; also rooms for light housekeeping.
STOCKTON, place. 10, off Grant ave.— Fur-
nished rooms, double or single; also kitchen.
\AN NESS ave.. 198. corner Hayes— One nice
room for one gentleman or lady; cheap; call
after 6 p. rn.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received a: Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1095
Valencia st.
FOR sale or eichamp In one of the best coun-
try towns In State consisting of half interest
in principal brick corner: 60x14"; containing
€ stores; also 2 cottages in town; all rented;
reasons cf e<?!lir.g businens ln city; enap for
parties ctinnc country property. Box 1S76.
FOR sale— Farm, ICO acres; SO acres cultivated;
balance suitable for farming; vineyard, or-
chard, new house and cellar; 2 miles from
Grass Valley: ¦will pell very <-heap areount of
ago. HEN'RY PERSCHON, Gra«8 Valley, CaL
BOOMS A.>D lin.VKI).
DILLONS BEACH fo- sale; finest summer re-
fort property on Pacific Coast; including cot-
tapes and hotel. 900-acre ranch, horses, cattle
farmtr:*' utensils: well watered. GEO. 1HL-
LOX. ' Tomales. Marln County. Cal.
HOTEL Sutherland. 791 Sutter St.; choice loca-
tion; sunny rooms with board; flm-class with
every convenience.
6TOCK and prair ranch for sale ln Colusa Co. ;
1240 acres: J19 an acre: UK) crain. rest in hill
land. M. S. CHANDON. Marysville, Cal.
KOOMS WASTED. '
WANTED— Furnished room in prl\-ate~family
by 2 vounsr centlemen. Box 1917. Call office.
PP.IXTED list; farms and city property eoM
ar.il exchange. M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market st.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
ilEKKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BOOMS papered from 12 50; whitened, II up;
painting: done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
BEST stamp photos and buttons on earth.
DORE. 1JS0 Market st.. above Jones.
BAD tenants ejected for J4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
41S \f<-irn-OTiery at., nrms S-T): tel. 5SS0.
STORACE AXD WAREHOUSES.
WILSON nnOS.. etorape and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market: phone South 762.
ni;»iKi:i.i:v rhil estate.
OOZT <-ottag-« in first-class condition; rjearly
n«-v.-; 5 larfce rooms; bath, pantry, hot and
co'd water, windmill and tank; fruit trees,
flower rardpn. chicken house and barn; all
fenced and eross-f«>ne«?d; large lot: 2 blocks
railroad station and e-I^ctric cars, school.
church*** and stores; price JllO-i; only $209
cash, balance $i; 55 monthly. Take I}p"rkeley
train, set off at Lorin station, aak for RU-
DOLPH. PERKINS &. LYON CO.; office
or>en Sundays.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, nso Fillmore i>t. : phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st •
tel. Main 1«40— Packing, movlrir and stor,ve.
SEWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
DO you want a hoineT If so call at our office
and we will thow you a «-room cottage with
haiji and rs-r.try. in pool ordfr; lot 60x135; all
?<?nc*M} «r.'l ero»»-frnce<I: price $1000; only
J150 cash, balance S12 monthly; this Is fore-
c1opp4 prop«>r!y and is well worth J15.X5; good
location. TaUe Berkeley train, get off at
LAHn Btation, ask for P.UDOLPH. PERKINS
<& LTON CO.; office ov«:n Sundays.
ALL kinds bought, eold and repairing guaran-
teed Cha*. Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 13th.
ALL kln<2s bengbt. sold, exchanged, rented;
rprntrlritr .it lnw»«t ra*"* 2(T. Fourth Bt.
$2000 — A NEW 6-room cottage: connected iclth
cas a-<i water mains; ctreet work all done;
«+pctric cars nass the property; cash or in-
KUUmeDtx. Apply to MAPON & McLEXA-
TUKX. adjoining P. O., Berkeley.
TYPEWIUTEUS A.\U SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEYrRVrERS^vTe
fell better machines fcr less mosey thin any
hcu*e ln the city; rentals. $J. The Typewriter
Exchange. 586 California, telephone M<»ln 268.
A WEEK'S now? for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
:6 p>.g>- In WT3T-r>T. for mailing. >1 i>er year.
SAKE investment for rrr.00; block of land favor-
ably locate-} ':>-ar ccmlr.p Santa Fe Railroad.
Parttailar? C.WILLMOTT. S16 Market st.S.F.
NEW typewriters. tZ down. $3 month payments.
P.EVALK. 4C9 California «t.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER,
110 Montgomery st.
BARRETT— In this city,. August 22, 1900. Ed-
ward Barrett, a native of Ireland, aged 81
years.
tC^Friends and acquaintances , are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow.
? Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his son, George Barrett, 32 Stanford street.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BEYER-In this city. August 23, 1900. Adolph,
beloved husband of Katherine Beyer, father
of Adolph, Willie and Emma Beyer, and
brother of Otto, William, Ernst and August
Beyer, a native of Hanover, Germany, aged
53 years K months and 7 days. A member of
Valley Lodge No. 30, A. O. U. W., and Verein
Elntracht.
E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
August 26, at 2 o'clock, from Elntracht Hall,
.237 Twelfth street, between Howard and Fol-
Eom. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Re-
mains at the parlors of Theo. Dierks, under-
taker, 957 Mission street, between Fifth and
Sixth. /¦ , . . ¦
BLASER— In this city. August 22. 1900. J. C.
1 Blaser. a native of Switzerland, aged 72 years.
(Eureka, Nev., papers please copy.)
C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his daughter, Mrs. Paul.Keyser, 1140 Ful-
ton street, under the auspices of Fidelity
Lodge No. 222, I. O. O. F. Interment private.
CANAVAN— Mrs. Belle White Canavan, widow
of the late P.- H. Canavan, mother of Jullta
White Canavan, and sister of Mrs. John Gar-
ber, a native of Alabama.
CTFuneral services to-morrow (Saturday),
at 11 o'clock, at 25CS Benvlnue avenue, near
l>vright way, Berkeley, Cal. Interment pri-
vate.
ENGL-ISH-In San Jose, August 22, 1900. Math-
lel English, beloved husband of Hattie A.
English, and brother of Rebecca F., John F.,
Charles F., Bern. F. and Jlelxar F. English,
a native of Quincy, 111., aged 55 years 1 month
and IS days.
ETTuneral this day (Friday), at 2 o'clock,
from his late residence, 141 South Tenth
street, San Joee.
HACKSTON— In this city. August ! 23, 1900,
Charles Edward Hackston, beloved son of
John and Grace Hackston, and brother of
Mary McLaughlin, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 month and 12 days.
•HAYES— In Auburn, Cal.. August 22, 1900.
Thomas Hayes, brother of Miss Hayes, and
uncle of Michael and Mary Stack and Mrs. J.
Lane of Sacramento, a native of Kenneigh,
Caherciveen, County Kerry, Ireland, aged 65
years.
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1:45 o'clock, from the sartors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services at
2 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
HOOD— In this city, August 21. 1900. at his resi-
dence, 151 Hermann street. George J. Hood,
dearly beloved- husband of Mary L. Hood, and
loving father of Hubbard. Edward and Harry
Hood, a native of Lancaster, Ohio, aged 67
years 9 months and 10 days.
E?"FrIends and acquaintances and comradas
of tho O. A. R. are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral, which will be held under the
auspices of George H. Thomas Post No. 2,
G. A. R-. at their hall, 320 Post street,
Sunday, August 26, at 1 o'clock. Interment
George II. Thomas Post's plat in National
Cemetery.
KEANE— In Fresno. August 23, 1900, Patrick,
beloved brother of Nellie Keane. a native of
the parish of Klllurey, County Kerry, Ire-
land, aged 27 years.
CyThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & 'Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KELLT--In this city, August 22, 1900, Katie,
ofioved wife of Thomas Kelly, and mother of
. Thomas and Celia Kelly, Mrs. W. Langley
and Mrs. Frank McGulre, a native- of Count/
Galway, Ireland, aged 50 years and 5 months.
LEE— August 14, 1900, at sea, on board steamer
Pennsylvania, en route from Hamburg to
New York, Arthur Stahley Lee, son of Mrs.
Harriet J. Lee of Berkeley, Cal., a native of
Oakland, Cal., ag<?d 30 years and 7 months. '
(E?"BurIed at eea.
MACFARLANE— In Oakland. ! August 22, 1500,
Margaret Crawford, beloved daughter of Wil-
liam Johnston and Alice Beatrice Macfarlane,
a native of Glasgow, Scotland, aged 5 years
2 months and S days. (Glasgow, Scotland,
Melbourne, Sydney and Auckland papers
copy.)
(n^Friemds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral thi6 day
(Friday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the home of
her parents, 133 Monte Vista avenue, near
Fabiola Hospital, Oakland. Take Mountain
View car at either Broadway broadgauge or
Webster street narrow-gauge stations. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery.
MANDEL— In this city, Augfust 22, 1900, Marion
E., beloved son of Mrs. H. L. Mandel. and
brother of Hattie and Louis Mandel, a. native
of Kan Francisco, aged 34 years.
inTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10:15 o'clock, from the residence
of Mrs. L. Rothchild, 1918 Pine street. Inter- i
ment private. Please omit flowers.
MASTERSON— In this city. August 23, 1900.
James, father of Thomas. James and Teresa
Masterson, a native of Ireland, aged 47 'years.
EirThe funeral will take place Sunday,
August 26, at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street.
Interment Holy Croes Cemetery.
PATTEN— In this city. August 22. 1900, Olive
i Patten, sister of Mrs. Ellen A. Collins. George
C. and Henry Patten. Mrs. E. Tobey, Mrs.
Alice Hlgglns and Charles Patten, a native
of Maine.
iTTFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Friday), at 2
o'clock, from the residence of her brother,
Charles Patten, 2647 Howard street, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, via electric funeral
'car from Thirtieth street and San Jose ave-
nue.
PETERS-In this city. August 23. 1900. Claus
Henry Peters, beloved brother of John D.
Peters, Mre. Emma Wilson and Andrew Witt,
a native of Ran Francisco, aged 29 years 7
months and 11 days.
PRINCE— In this city, August 21, 1900, Rachel
Prince, dearly beloved mother of Mrs. D. S.
Crown, Mrs. L. Kahn and Mrs. . I. Label, a
native of Schocken, Germany, aged 74 years
1 month and 7 da>'3.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 6S8 Fulton $treet, near Buchanan. In-
terment Hills of Eternity Cemetery, via el;c-
tric funeral. car from Fourteenth and Valen-
cia streets. Please omit flowers.
SILBERSTEIN— In this city, August 22, 1900,
Samuel, beloved husband of the late Ernestine
Sllberstein, a native of Posen, Germany, aged
66 years. (Philadelphia papers please copy.)
icyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Salem
Cemetery, via 10:30 o'clock train from Third
I and Townsend streets.
SKELTON— In this city, August 22. 1900. Hene-
ritte Skelton. a native of Germany,- aged 60
years. • ;
(C Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the fUneral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from 132 McAllister
street. • Cremation at Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
Remains at the mortuary chapel of the Golden
Gate Undertaking Company, 2425 Mission
street.
SPARGO (nee SHEA)— Friends and acquaint-
ances are respectfully invited to attend a sol-
emn requiem high mass for the repose of the
bouI of the late Mrs. Mamie Spargo (nee
Shea), to-morrow (Saturday), commencing at
9 o'clock, at St. Sebastian's Chapel, Presidio.
STRAIN— In Salinas. August 23. 1900, Henry
Strain, beloved husband of Marcella Strain,
and father of William R., Westerfield, Yank,
Annie and Ella Strain, Mrs. A. B. Lauss and
Mrs. M. Tedrottl, a native of County Monag-
han, Ireland, aged 74 years.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are invited
to attend the funeral to-morrow (Saturday),
at 11 o'clock, from his late residence.
THOMAS— In Mill Valley, August 22, 1900, Er-
nest George, beloved husband of Ortency I.
Thomas (nee Lovie), and brother of Joseph H.,
William J., Eftie A., Louise F., Frank R. and
Henry J. Thomas, a native of California, aged
30 years 1 month and 22 days.
CT Remains at the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2425 Mis-
sion street, near Twenty-flrst. Funeral notice
In Saturday morning's papers.
VIOLICH— In Oakland, August 23, 1900. Peter
Violich, beloved father of Felix Violich, a
native of Austria, aged 85 years 5 months and
15 days. " „
CCTNotlce of funeral hereafter. r
WACHTER — In this city, August 23, 1900,
Charles, dearly beloved husband of Lizzie
Wachter (nee Laubscher), father of Charlie
Wachter, and brother of Fritz Wachter, a na-
tive of Neufen, Wurtemberg, Germany, aged
2S years 9 months and 13 days. A member of
Hermann Stamm, U. O. R. M.; San Francisco
• Turn Verein and San Francisco Schwaben
Verein. "-
0.^ Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of Theo. Dierks, 937 Mission
WKLSPIEL— In this city, August 22. 1900,
Kresenz Welsplel. beloved wife of the . late
Willicm - Welsulel, and , sister of John. Os-
wald and Anton Dell and Elizabeth Mayer,
and Tercs Schlesjel, a native of ' Germany,
aged 29 years and 7. months. - /
inyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
-. fully Invited to attend.- the funeral • this • day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors ¦ ot
the California Undertaking Company, thence
to St. Anthony's Church for services, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ' ¦
WHITE— In this city, August 22. 1900, Kate
White, a native of Iowa, aged 55 years.
C7FrlMid9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street; near Post. Interment Laurel
Hill 'Cemetery.- ¦ . : ,
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterfey:
Jose Guerrero. 21. La Honda, atrf Augustlna
Rodriques. 16, 15 Uinckley street.
Achilla Bonn, 24, 3C:>A Clementina street, and
StKla Robin. 23, 010A Fourth street.
Carl M. Oarver. 33. 1302 Leavenworth street,
and Gertrude Van l>yne. 18. 1302 Leavenworth.
JcFffpli Caraeh, 58, Oakland, and Annie
Greenben:. 50. city.
Hermann G. Schaumloffel, 25, V> Franklin
street, and. Carrie Abraham, 23, 1408 Mission st.
J. L. DOUI.i: & CO..
REAL ESTATE,
, <G£ EIGHTH PT.. OAKLAND.
'rAUGAIN LIST !::!!!!«!!!!
2<"' barcairm ln ranches of all descriptions:
Oakland property to exchang» for ranch; Los
Ar.g^.-s property to exchange for Oakland;
orarc* land nrar Pasadena for sale or ex-
chang»: t^iO elegant home; will exchange."
t?Z>"i — Uc«5ern home; t200 down; balance eaey
tJTCO— Gw! home; large lot; $130; balance
light payments.
r.375— Income property; pays 1«% per cent on
investment.
f";0— Jerome property; pays 14 per cent on
investment.
$JW»— Ir.corse property; i-ays H% per cent on
ir.vtKtment,
RXfe— House of 13 rooms; rents for $18 per
month.
127 choic<? homo Sn the city oZ Oakland llstea
ln the last 10 days.
CHEAT BARGAIN! ! ! !
Modern 5-room cottar**: latest improvements;
larcp lot; near Linda Vista Terrace and
Piedmont electric cars; must l>e soU; call
and make effer. A- R. PETERSON. 478
Tenth et, Oakland.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notlc<»s sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
ln at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
SCMELL.ER— In this city. August 21. 1900, to
the wife of Gustave Scheller. a son.
$sy>—FOR Bale; best bargain* In Oakland: 4-
room cotlae<". bathroom, pantry, hot and cold
water, laundry and Rbop; lot 25x?Sd. 1106 Pe-
i-alta «t.. brfwe-en Fifteenth and Sixteenth,
West Okal3nd.
41 ACKES to rent near Oakland; rirh lana,
with buDdlncr*. tools, wagons an1 stock.
SALPBURT. iT3 Ninth st., Oakland.
A WEEK'S news for 5 ocrits-The WVoUly Call.
16 rare?. In wrapper, for rr.a'.licg. SI i>cr year.
IIAB.RIED.
BRAVER- wraSS— In this city. August 22.
1'iW, by the Rev. J. M. Kuehler, August Ferdi-
nind Erauer and Bertha Emma .Weiss.
TAYLOR— COOPER— In this city,' August \ 22,
l»00. by the Rev. John Stephens, John Alva
Taylor of Riverside. Cal., and Harriet Ella
Cootpct of The Dalles, Or.
OAKLAXD Fl'B\ITURIi KOIt SAL.I2.
AN introduction to vou frcm H. Schellhaas, the
. furr.ltj-'^ d*al»r. Uth und Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOK HOISEKEEI'IVG.
AT C2 gpcond^LtghtliousekeeplnK. $1 M to J2 50
j«-r v,k.; r'.ngle anJ double. $1 to t! M ptr wk.
KI>DY. CM Sunny corner suite of room*", kitch-
en, g&s range; running water; complete for
hcjM keeping 1 :
FIFTH. 2;s— Suite cf rooms; furnished for
hou»<k<"*r>l:is: cheap.
FOLSOM. 834— Larre sunny front bay-window
room, kitchen, bath; private; tS per week.
FOriVTH. :««— Parlor iwite for housekeeping;
aitio Blnsle hnuis^keeDir.c rocn:n-
FOURTH, 225— Nice hma*ek»rr>:rig room, 56 per
month; also nice front room.
HAMPTON r:ace. IS. orf Fnlfom. bet. Second
end Third — < rooms: rucay: bath.
HOY.'AHP. V>r.i';i— Two connecting housekeep-
ing ms., furn.. SS; also double (find tsln. rms.
JESSIE. 2C2. near Fifth and Market— H/rnse-
keej«iiip. in end S3; single, ft and $5.
DIED.
Aeher. A«her F. Mandel. Marlon ' TZ.
Anderson. Lsxulsa. Masterson, James
Bahn, Sarah J. Patten, Olive
Barrett. Edward Peters, Claus H.
lieyer. Adolph Prince. Rachel
Blaser. J. C. Sllbersteln. Samuel
eanavan. Mrs. Belle Hkelton. Ileneritte
English. Mathlel Hpargo. Mrs. Mamie
Hackston. Charles E. Strain, Henry
Hayee, Thomas Thomas. Ernest G.
Hood. Georce J. Violich, Peter
Keane. Patrick Wachter. Charlea
Kelly. Katie WeUpIel. Kresenz
L*e. Arthur S. White, Kate
Uacfarlane, Margaret
ASHER— In this city. Aui?ust 22. 1900. Aaher F.
A^her. beloved father of Mrs. E. Elllnger,
Mrs. Georpe J. Levey and R/js<% Beckie, Jalte.
William, Dan and Phil Asher, a native of
Inowrazlaw, Prussia, aged 68 years.
{TSTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Fri'lay). at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1725 Buchanan street. Interment Salem
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
ANDERSON— In this city, August 23. 1800,
Louisa Anderson, dearly beloved . and only
child of Mrs. Annie Anderson, and niece of
Jirs. S. L.utt<?nberger and Joseph F. Lener,
a native of Oakland, aeed 9 years 5 months
• and 17 days.
BAH N*— In this city. August 22. 1900. Sarah J.,
beloved daughter of Louis and Mary Balm a
native of San Francisco, aged 1 year and 4
months.
LAIWE furnished parlor and dinine room,
kitclita ani large bedroom; all conveniences;
close to broad and narrow cause stations.
at'I Central ave.. Alameda.
MARKnT. 10:S— Large lisrht room; connecting
kitchen; tum:?hf<l; folding l>ci; Gas; $10.
NATOMA. rs». nt-ur Fourth—! furnished house.
kt«plnK rooms; water; sink; clu&et.
(Euecessors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
- DANIEL. K DONOVAN, Mgr. s
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND KMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln Schsol.
. . Telephone South SO.
lifc.NKV'J. GALLAGHER CO..
O'FAItKELL, 742— Two or thr*e neatly fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping. $11 to f20.
PINE. ttOI—t or 3 ni«- *unny connecting- rooms
furnished for houst-ke^pinK; gaa and bath.
TWENTT-THIUD. 273!. near *DoIore3— 4 cunny
bay-window rooms; nice; rieat; complete.
fflcAVOY «fc CO..
FUNKRAL. DIRECTORS & EilBALMERS.
- 1230 Market st.. between Sth and Sth.
Telephone South 247.
. VALENCIA, 121-Suiie of sunny rooms, bath;
1 r.ewly papffr>-d and painted; private fam.; $10.
> » AN NESS. 402— Front bay-window suite, new-
iy furnished; cctnj'iete £or housekeeping: gas
range.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2130 Fillmore st.
LAS PALMAS. USB Market st.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private; bath; »ln. rms.; board optional.
JESSIE, 3CS. near Fifth and Market— Furnish-
ed rooms, $4 and $5; housekeeping, J8 and $9.
H. C. C. O'DONNCLL— Office and residence.
Vmv, Marfcrt St.. bet. Pisth ar<l Seventh.
HYDE, 40S— Sunny front basement suite, with
coal stove; yard; complete for hskpg. ; $15l
HOWARD. I0E5B— Chanped hands; neatly fur-
nished rooms; single or double; reasonable.
HOWARD, 8S9, cor. 6th— Orlando House— New
management; furnished rms.: suites or single.
A.\D SUIIGEOXS.
£>R. J. HERBERT "R£liv£~M"^~K^amy~7t^
cures by electricity Nervous r.-ostratlon. In-
soirmla. Asthma, Rheumatism. Paralysis, Ca-
tarrh. Consun;ptlon. Kidney, end all laflara-
rr.ttory cases: diseases diajrnosod.
HCAVAni), S29— Rooms from Jl week up to $5:
25c to SI night: also housekeeping rooms.
CAST-OFF clothine' old pold and piiver bourht:
f*n<* lostal. OPLEMAX'S. 605 Kearny St.
ALFP.EDUMS Egyptian Hrnna restores sray
hs-r to its natural color: $1, at all drupKists.
HOTEL Francisco— Elegant suites: single; tran-
sient: baths. MRS. KING. Turk and Taylor.
gl'ITS to r,rier QB tmkf payments. Art Tallor-
'¦txs Co.. Examiner building, room 4C7.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
single: ladles' parlor; readlngr-room: elevator.
WANTED— Ol0-fa5htcned sliver, brass-, copper
Tare; curios, all descriptions. SCS Dupcnt st.
GILBEKT, £2H— To let furnished front room
for temperate working man, $4 per month.
HAIR Quickly curled cr wsv»d by using Tal-
colfs curling Cuid: 2Jc bsttle; druggists.
FOLSOM, »65. cor. Cth (The Olrver)— New fur-
nished ranny rms, sinyle or suites; reasonable.
MMH. B. R. GROVE. 31 Keamy. room :2—
He;Ucr: trusts chronl; diseases successfully.
LEDERKR'S Foamo Shampoo cleanses and
ftieet^ns the hair; 5c package; try it once.
M'lTS to order on ln*tnl!rr.cnts: $15 Upward:
n a week. I -EON LEMOS. 1117 M.irket st
L<*tn-r*>n Seventh and Eighth.
ELEVENTH, 225— Two sunny unfurnished
rooms, $7.
ELLIS. 2H, cor. Mason (Clifford)— Handsomely
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
toiiTHKKM rAvtrtv cunnxT.
(PAI.'irlu SYMTKM.)
Train* !«••»*•> nnal nrm ttum In nrrita at
*».N IIUMCIMO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
w»T! — Fro* Aiocst 12, 1900. — absiti
•7:OOa Bemcia, SuUao, Elmlr*, VacatiHe,
Ramsey »rv t haerttmentn *7iI3r
•7:01* a Shuu Express— Daris. Williams (tor
tiartlett S;>rinj!i), Willow*. K«d
Bluff. Portland. *7i43r
•7:3u a Martinez. »an Uauion.VaUeJo. >'*p»,
CalUtcja and .Santa Rota...-; •0:1.1f
•»:0Oa DatU, WuodUnd. KnighU Lauding.
Murystllle, orotille *7:l."ir
| *»iOOA-AtUut!': Kj press— Ogden and E**t *13:-t.1p
•8:t>«»* NUes, Tracy, lathrop, Stockton •»: 13a
•»::iiia San J o ge. LiTtrmura,
lone. Sacrameuto. PUecrtUle,
Murjitlll-. Chic. ite.I KlulT M<l.1»
•9:3Oa Oakilalr, Chinese (for Yoaemito).
booor*. Carters. •lil.ir
*«»:OCi» Haywitrili. Nile* »nd W»f Stations. M I: ir>»
•U;«« a Los Angeles Express — Martinez,
Tracy. Lutlhrop, rttockton. Mexced
Fresno and Los Angeles *7j1.1p
•!»::io a. Vallrji.. Martiinn »:»t Way Station* *as4.?r
•IO:OOa Ths OTerUml Limited— Ogden, Den-
ter, Omaha, Chicago "JilJf
•HjOOa J<il-». Stockton. Maer*mento, Men-
. dot*. Fnrmao, Uanfoid. Vlaalia,
Portervllle »*:l3r
•11:00a IiTermore. Singer. Goshen Junc-
tion, U*ker33>rd, Loa Aogeles.....
•I 2:00m Hajwards, Nilec and Way station. *ai4.1»
tl:OOr Sauaineuto Utter Stenm«n t3:AO*
•:S:«op Haywarda, Nlles and Way Station*. •»>•.¦» r
•-liMOr M»rtlnrc, Han Uauioti, Vallsjo.
N»|>*. t;al!*t<i*a. Mania Itoia •BtlSa
¦littOr Btnieta, Winters, 8a9ram*nto.
Woodland. Kirinht* Landtag.
Marysrtllo, OtOfllin..... ¦¦•:IS»
•4»SOr Nile*, HanJoie and Stockton *7il3r
•StOOrThe Owl Limited-Tracy. Frenio.
Bakendeld, Bangui lor d*ul* Lar-
tara. Loa Angeles.. "IOiIIa
•niOOr Stockton **<49a
•3:O«r New Orleanf Express- Kakeraitflld.
Hauta Barbara, Los Angsles, Dein-
Idi, El FtM, New Orloaaa and
East *7»«a
••i«Or Hajwarda, NUm aad Saa Joi« •^¦4.1 *
t«:Ottr Vallejo •IJil-lp
•Ui«Or Orient*] Mail-Oidoa. Chej«nn».
Omaha, Chicago *12i4av
•OiOOr Oriental . Mail— Ogden. Denver.
Omaha. Chicago...-. Mil*?
•7:««f KiUbs, Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton.... *l*iiap
}7tO4»r V»U«Jo, Pork Co.ta aad Way Sta-
tions. t»s33y
*SiO3p Oregon and California l£x|>rraa,ttae-
rmnoMto. klarjmvill*. U«4<l!ug.
l'ortlnn.l. |>ii(«k .-1.. in ..I ami K.ast ttlSt
BUSH. 5C3— Xlcely furn. sunny rooms; $1 50 to $7
wk. ; ZZc to 51 50 night MRS. P. RANFT.
I Il.ns— 3<K> |*rmancnt euro? in San Francisco,
who can be seen: no operation; no pain; par-
ticulars ftnx. Ad. Physician box ISiO Call.
ULr-CTRIC lights In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third tt.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c M U ro per nigtit; Jl CO lo $5 per week;
tree 'bus and baepape to and from the ferry.
BURNETT, J426 Market (old Xo. 1361)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; ateo unfurnished.
BOHEMIA. 239 Post-J^inest sunny suites ln
city for families and gentlemen; all conveni-
ences; special accommodation for tourists.
That said delegates from all the Assembly
districts elected to the Legislative and judi-
cial convention shall convene and organize
Into a convention and nominate all candidate
of the Republican party for the office of StJ-
pertor Judge an<i Justice of the Peace to be
voted for by the voters of the city and county
as aforesaid.
The delegates from each Assembly district
shall afterwards assemble and organize .Into-
Assembly district conventions and nominate a
candidate for member of the Assembly ln each
of their respective districts. And ln any Sena-,
torial district within said city and county
whe'C a member of the State Senate is to
be voted for by the voters of said district, the
delecates elected from the Assembly districts
comprising such Senatorial district shall as-
semble and organize a Senatorial district con-
vention and nominate a candidate for State
Senator for said, district.
Resolved. That said primary election for the
election of delegates to said judicial and Leg-
islative convention shall be conducted, man-
aeed and controlled ln the same manner and
at the «ame time and places, and by the same
election officers, and at the same polling places
as hereinafter provided for.
Resolved That th« Republican county com-
mltteemen of the city and county of San Fran-
cisco acting under and ln pursuance of the
aforesaid authority, hereby call a primary
election to be held In the city and county of
San Francisco, for the purposes as hereinafter
¦npclfied In accordance with the laws govern-
fne Driitiarv election as prescribed by the Poll- 1
tlcal -and Penal codes of the State of Call-
npsolved. That the said primary elation be
held on the 2«h day of August. I960. The polls
to * be kept open continuously between the
hours of 7 a. m. and 6 p.m.
ttp*olved That there shall be two polling
nlnces In "each Assembly district in th- city
ntwi-pounty ••>£ San Francisco and that for each
o?'nld polling places the bocrd of election shall
consist of ona inspector, two judges and two
Resolved, That the polling places must be
nn the cround floor and the ballnt boxes to be
to olaced ne to be plainly seen from the side-
walk and that free and uninterrupted ingress
must' be given in each polling place to electors
entitled to vote thereat, and also to such repre-
sentative or alternate of each set of candidates
th^t may be voted for at each polling place
n« shall t>re»ent the credentials hereinafter pro-
vided for to" the board of election at such poll-
resolved That printed cards of admission
in each of the polllnff places. shall be given to
the representatives of each set of candidates
rivmestinjr the same. That said request must
h^ln writing and signed by a majority of the
candidates on each set of tickets. The cards
of admiVslon shall be signed by the chairman
2nl BMretary of this committee and shall con-
taln the "ame of the party entitled to admls-
sfon and the polling place at which it Is in-
tended to be used.
The officers of election may give permission
to -mid persons presenting said card of ad.
mm*"on to enter the polllnjf : place before the
Jmenlng of the polls and to remain there until
thl canvass -is completed and all the returns
a«' properly signed and sealed up.
Persons holdlns cards ot admission may be
„,,,',. "by a duly appointed and authorized
alternate, '.' who shall have the same rights and'
nrivileges as the first regular representative
unon presentation. of. the card of admission is-
sued to the said original representative. : .
Resolved That the official ballot box'at each
noiling place must remain ln plain, unobstruct-
ed view from the opening to the close of = the
noils, and be so placed. that the voter may
easily see the top of the box and his ballot de-
posited. The representatives of all tickets must
be permitted to, remain inside the polling place
and In such position that they can at all times
wltcees unobstructed the reception of the bal-
lot from, the voter and the: depositing of the
same In 'the * ballot" box by ;the inspector or
judge : of - election, who receives the ballot." ; •
Resolved,' That ;no peddling, of tickets or
soliciting of votes shall be permitted within
100 feet of the polls, and the committee hereby
gives notice that no returns will be..recelved or
counted as official from any polling place where
Therefore, be It further resolved.
That a primary election Is hereby called for
and ln each- of the Assembly districts within
the city and county of San Francisco which are
Included and embraced within said city and
county for the purpose of electing delegates to
the conventions of the Republican party above
provided for, said conventions to nominate
candidates ln the manner and order as herein
regularly prescribed. * ¦
• Resolved. That the 230 delegates representing
the eighteen Assembly districts within the city
and county of San Francisco be elected at an
open primary election as hereinafter provided.
The best interests of the Republican party in
said city and county of San Francisco require
that every Republican voter therein shall have
a right to give free and unimpeded expression
of his choice for delegates to represent the
party in said convention at an open primary
election to be held for that purpose; that so
far as practicable the same prf>cedure and pro-
tection shall be given voters at such primary
election as at general elections, and that a free
ballot and an honest count shall be had under
all the formalities and penalties of the law. ,
The delegates apportioned as above and
elected to said local convention from the re-
spective Assembly and Senatorial districts and
no other shall constitute the delegates to the
various Senatorial and Assembly district con-
ventions, and they shall respectively be elected
in and from the respective Assembly districts.
Said convention shall consist ot 250 delegates,
who must be elected at a primary election as
hereinafter provided; the apportionment of del-
egates to raid convention shall be one delegate
for each 100 vote* cast and one delegate for
each remainder of 50 votes or over of the aver-
ape vote cast for all Republican candidates
voted for ln each Aesembly district at the
general election of 189S; that the apportion-
ment of delegates to each Assembly district
Is as follows: Twenty-eighth District, 9 dele-
gates; Twenty-ninth District, 11 delegates:
Thirtieth District, 11 delegates; Thirty-flrst
District, 11 delegates; Thirty-second District.
9 delegates: Thirty-third district. 13 delegates:
Thirty-fourth District. 17 delegates; Thirty-
fifth District. 13 delegates; Thirty-sixth Dis-
trict, 18 delegates; Thirty-seventh District. 19
delegates; Thirty-eighth District, IS delegates:
Thirty-ninth District, 17 delegates: Fortieth
District. 19 delegates; Forty-first District. IS
delecates; Forty-second District, 14 delegates;
Forty-third District, 12 delegates: Forty-fourth
District, 13 delegates; Forty-fifth District, S
delegates. :
Said convention shall be an organized assem-
blage of delegates representing said Republican
party of the city and county of San Francisco
and of all the election precinct3. Assembly and
Senatorial districts thereof.
Said convention shall be held in the city and
county of San Francisco on the 12th day of
September, 1SO0.
Twenty-eighth District, 5 delegates: Twenty-
ninth District. 5 delegates; Thirtieth District,
5 delegates; Thirty-first District. 5 delegates:
Thirty-second District. 5 delegates; Thirty-
third District, 7 delegates; Thirty-fourth Dis-
trict.- 9 delegates; Thirty-fifth Disrtict 6 del-
egates; Thirty-sixth District, 9 delegates; Thir-
ty-seventh District. 10 delegates; Thirty-eighth
District. 10 delegates; Thirty-ninth District. 8
delegates; Fortieth District. 10 delegates; For-
ty-first District, 10 delegates; Forty-second Dis-
trict, 8 delegates; Forty-third District 7 dele-
gates; Forty-fourth District 7 delegates; For-
ty-fifth District, 4 delegates.
Furthermore be it resolved by the Republi-
can County Committee of, the city and county
of San Francjseo. at a meeting held in said
city and county August 11, 1900, that a con-
vention of the Republican party of the city
and county of San Francisco rs hereby called
for the purpose of nominatinpr all candidates ot
the Republican party for all members of the
Assembly. and members of the State Senate
and SupeiiOr Judges and Justices of the Peace
and such other State officers as are to be voted
for by the qualified electors of the several As-
sembly districts and other political divisions
ln said city and county of San Francisco for
which such candidates are to be voted fcr at
the general election to bje held on Tuesday.
November 6, 1900, and. for the transaction of
such other business as may come before It
Provided, That any county casting less than
such remainder for the said candidates should
be entitled to one delegate; and
Whereas, The apportionment of delegates to
the city and county of San Francl3co Is 130
delegates, the apportionment in detail being
left to the County Committee of said city and
county: it Is therefore
Resolved, That the detail of such apportion-
ment of delegates to be voted for by the
Assembly districts at said primary election be
as follows:
AVhereas, The Republican State Central Com-
mittee of the State of California, the governing
body of tho ¦ Republican party of said State,
ln meeting assembled in the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California, on tile
4th day of August, 1900, adopted a call for a
Republican State convention to. convene In the
city of Santa Cruz, ln said State, on the 5th
day of September, 1900, and authorized the
county committees , within the several counties
of the State of California to Issue a call for a
primary election for the election of delegates
to said State • convention, to ¦. nominate nine
Presidential, electors, to be voted for through-
out the State of California, and transact such
other business as may come before It. | Also to
call primary elections to' elect delegates to
Legislative and judicial conventions to nomi-
nate members of the Assembly, State Senators,
Superior Judges, Justices of the Peace, and
such other State and County officers as are to
be voted for by th© qualified voters within the
State, or county, or other political - division,
for which such nominations are made, to be
voted for at the next general election to be
held on Tuesday, November 6, 1900;- and ,\
Whereas, Said State Central Committee did
issue a call for a State convention to consist
of 682 delegates, and ln said call did provide
that the apportionment of delegates should be
one delegate for . each 200 votes cast of the
average, and. one delegate for each remainder
of 100 votes or over of the average ' vote in
each county, or city, and county, for the' Re-
publican candidates for State officers voted for
at the general • election held in the State of
California on November 6, 1898.
CALL FOR A REPUBLICAN PRIMARY
election In the city and county of San
Francisco. _ for • the election of delegates to. the
Republican' State convention and to the local
judicial and Legislative convention; also call
for a Republican local judicial and Legislative
convention. • • '.
FOR—
Primary Election.
OFFICIAL CALL
The Assembly districts within the city and
: county of San Francisco are divided Into two
' -noting districts and polling places therefor.
fixed a» follows:
District 2?— First, 503 Howard; Second, 66S
Howard. District 2J— First, 38S Jessie; Second.
«6 Fourth. District 30— First, 470 Minna: Sec-
ond. SW. corner Harriet and Howard. District
31 — First, 200 Natoma: Second. 264 Ninth. Dis-
trict 32— First. Geneva and Brannan: Second,
1050 Kentucky. District 33— First, Twenty-
fourth and Foleom; Second, Twenty-second and
Kentucky. District 34— First. EW. corner Shot-
well and Fourteenth: Second, 2237 Mission.
District S3 — First. 3305 Twenty-fourth; Second.
3419 Mission. District 36— First. Hartford and
Eighteenth: Second, Church and Twenty-
snventh. District 37— First. 212 Gough; Second,
616 Stanyan. . District 38— First. NE. corner Mc-
Allister and Gough: Second. S"W. corner Eddy
and Pierce. District SO— First. S'W. corner
Larkln and McAllister; Second. 1032 Sutter.
District 40— First, SW. corner Laguna and Sut-
ter: Second. 16C8 Central avenue. District 41—
First, Washington and Van Ness avenue: Sec-
ond. Jackson and Killmore. District 42 — 625
Sutter; Second, 1144 Taylor. District 43— First,
302 Mason; Second. 818 Stockton. District 44—
First. 1523 Stockton: Second. 23S Francisco.
District 45— First, 110 Drumm ; Second. 715H
Davis.
The committee shall as soon as practicable
after the holding of said primary election send
duplicate certified lists of delegates elected to
the State Convention from their respective As-
sembly districts to the chairman and secretary
of this County Committee, who shall attach
his signature thereto and transmit the same to
the secretary of the State Central Committee.
THE REPUBLICAN COUNTY COMMIT-
ty |^1<;
" By ALFRED BOUVIER. Chairman." •
JAMES A. WILSON. Secretary.
All tickets to be voted for at said primary
election shall be filed with the committee on or
before 12 o'clock noon Wednesday, 22d day of
August. 1900, and all votes cast 'at said pri-
mary election for persons other than persons
whose names appear upon one or more of such
tickets shall be counted as scattering.
The election officers in this call provided for
will receive their credentials and election para-
phernalia at the rooms of the committee.
Resolved, That the committee hereby Insists
that a free and untrammcled ballot and an
honest count must be enforced at said prim-
ary election; that all attempts to deviate from
this principle should be discountenanced, and
that those guilty of frauds or parties thereto
should be debarred from all conventions, and
that If It shall appear at any polling place
that there Is or has been any fraud or wrong
committed, or the right of any citizen to cast
his fre« and untraromeled ballot and to have
the same honestly counted, has been ln any
way Interfered with, the committee ln charge
shall set aside and declare null and void the
election at said polling place and report their
action to the different conventions, who shall
take action ln such matter and decide which
set of delegates is entitled to a seat in the
convention.
Resolved, That the said primary election ln
each of the said Assembly districts shall be
conducted, managed and controlled by the
members of the County Committee represent-
ing and residing In the . respective Assembly
districts (Including such members appointed at
larse). Said members of "the County Commit-
tee shall by majority vote select and designate
all election officers and polling places ln their
respective districts and shall have, entire su-
pervision and charge In their said respective
districts at the said primary election.
After the returns have been completely can-
vassed, they shall act as a returning board
thereon, and shall certify the result thereof
and Issue credentials to the delegates receiv-
ing the highest number in each Assembly Dis-
trict, and their decision shall be final.
Said committee shall meet ln the evening
of the day such primary election 1» held, to
oren and canvass the said returns, and con-
tinue ln session until all the returns from
each and every polling place have been fully
canvassed.
Resolved. That within one hour after the
canvass of the vote at each polling place, and
when all the returns have been properly signed
and sealed by the election board and clerks
of election, the returns must be brousht in
properly sealed packages by one of the elec-
tion board, designated by the board for that
purpose, to the chairman and secretary of the
committee having the management and control
of said primary election at the headquarters
of the tterublican County Committee, No. 330
Market street. San Francisco, which Is the
place previously designated for that purpose.
The chairman of said committee shall mark
on each package received by him the day and
hour of Its receipt. He shall also give a
receipt to the party- from whom he receives
the jiackaee. The chairman of satd commit-
tee shall take all necessary care and precau-
tion fcr tho safekeeping of all packages de-
livered to him and keep them in his custody In-
tact and unopened until the time designated
for opening and canvassing the returns.
- "I affirm that I am an elector of this district
or precinct; have not voted before at this
primary; am registered or will register, and ln
Rood faith Intend to support the nominees of
the Republican party at the coming election."
Resolved, That the committee shall procure
and provide for each polling place a ballot box
such as was used at the general election ln
this city and county ln November, 1SS0.
And also, at least two copies of the precinct
register embraclnc the boundaries of th.e As-
sembly district, and for each particular poll-
Ing place one copy of such precinct register
must, remain at all times inside of the polling
plaot and retained . by the Election Board for
the' purposes of ascertaining whether the name
of the voter appears on such precinct register
and to place a check opposite the name of the
veter after he has voted.
Resolved, That for eaidi primary election only
the printed precinct register used at the munic-
ipal election held ln the city and county of
San Francisco, in November. ' 1839, shall be
used, and no rerson shall be permitted to vota
whose name does not appear ln the precinct
register ln one of the precincts within the As-
sembly district In which he offers to vote.
Resolved. That the delegates elected from all
the Assembly districts within the cltyand coun-
ty of . San Francisco, in and for said State
convention and Legislative and judicial con-
ventions at said primary elections, shall be and
they are hereby empowered and authorized to
moet in said State convention and ln said Ju-
dlclan convention and Legislative and district
conventions as they are elected to and trans-
act all business provided in the call of the
Republican State Central Committee and the
call of th,e Republican County Committee of
the city and county of 8an Francisco. I
Resolved. That all ballots voted at said prim-
ary election shall be four inches In width as
near as possible and of suitable length. They
shall be printed on. white paper. The names
of candidates to the State convention and to
the local judicial and Legislative convention
shall be printed on the same ballots. Each set
of delegates shall be numbered consecutively.
Resolved. That tho time and manner of the
publication of tho notice of said primary elec-
tion shall bo by publishing the entire call for
said primary election in a newspaper of general
circulation, published ln the city and county of
San Francisco, for at least three days prior
to and including said day on which the prim-
ary election Is to bo held. -
Resolved, That in addition to all other
grounds of challenge in the laws cf the State
governing general elections this ¦ committee
hereby directs and orders that the following
additional test be given to voters:
this provision has been violated. This shall
not be construed to apply to the presence of
challengers.
Resolved. That an official map of the dis-
trict showing the boundaries of its various pre-
cincts shall be posted In a conspicuous place
outside of the polling place*.
THE HUDSON RIVER CO.,
HOPKE BROS.
Mattresros and pillows made to order, re-
covered and renovated: honest work fjRran-
t*>fd: prie«»s defy competition; fine upholstery;
fbene E30S; factory, 3:S and SCO K'.eventh St.;
iirst-class cleaning and dyeing, ifj Sutter St.,
San Franisco.
ROOMS TO LET — Farm, and Cnfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 14S Sixth— Rooms
•5c to l\ per night, $1 25 to $5 per week, and
"got housekeeping; open all- night.
PROPOSALS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
RAIXKOAD TUAVEI*.
USSKX place. 1. off Essex St.. Kincon Hill—
X unfurnished rooms; hot and cold water;
bath.
FIFTH. 353— Sunny furnished single rooms, $4
and J3 per morth. • . ,: : I^adlet-.* tailor-made suits, ' ellk • skirts, ¦; fur
"•tuwi lllw»ral r.rodtt. M. Koilischild. Z26 Slitter.' •
A"! fire did $2000 worth of damage to the
Chinese lodging-house at' 915. 4 Stockton
street; at 8:25 yesterday morning. " The
building was owned by Mrs. E. 6. Frep
born and occupied by Chinese as a lodg
ing-house. The fire: Is believed to have
been caused by the carelessness of the In
mates In smoking. .
Fire' in Chinatown.
Swim at the Crystal Baths.
Recommended by ' physicians. ' V\ ater always
clean and warm. Tub department best In city."
The case of William Robinson, printer
and publisher of Sacramento, charged by
his yourig wife, Mrs. Nellie Robinson,
with battery upon her, was called In
Judge .Cabanlss'. court yesterday. Mrs.
Robinson refused • to prosecute the case
and ¦ denied that her husband had taken
$50 and a diamond ring, from her. Robin
son said his wife was sometimes Irrespon
sible, and that this was the second time
since^ihey were married she had made
false charges against him and had him
arrested. ¦ --..¦'¦ '
Robinson's Wife Relents.
Previous to taking this action the clui^
members signed the roll preparatory to
nominating delegates to the State con
vention.
At a meeting of the Thirty-fourth As
sembly District Democratic Club at Har
mony Hall, on Mission street, last night
John P. Henry was unanimously Indors.-ii
for the place on the Board of Supervisors
made vacant by the death of John E. A '
HHms. j
Hecommended for Helms' Chair.
After visiting the medical centers ot
Europe Dr. T. A. Rottanzi has resume 1
practice at 143 Stockton street, corner cf
Geary; hours 1 to 3 and 7 to 8 p. m. •
derided the spectacular presentation of
relatives there with a distinct under
standing that her stay In California was
to be but temporary, and she would re
turn. Accepting thtse as facts. Hassett
quoted at length from Supreme Court de
cisions to support his contention that the
Public Administrator and not Mrs. Mur
ray should administer upon the estate of
Mrs. Townsend.
Mrs. Murray's Claims Defended.
When he had concluded Matt I. Sullivan
followed, maintaining that every fact in
the case demonstrated that Mrs. Murray
had come here to stay permanently. She
had determined to be with her mother,
to comfort her for her remaining days.
Mrs. Murray had solemnly promised her
mother to do this, and in all good faith
she is keeping that promise. She Is here
to protect her mother';? property, and she
should be given the right to do so. The
attorney- then quoted at great length from
the very same authorities which had so
encouraged Attorney Hassett. .',¦•-
The concluding addresses of the day had
apparently nothing to do with the record
In the case. They were nothing more no.
less than an exchange ol hot shot between
opposing attorneys, neither of whom saw
anything but evil motives In the other.
Ex-Judge Sullivan denounced the "in
decent" haste of the Public Administrator,
the schemes of designing persons and the
morbid curiosity of the public." He pic
tured Mrs. Murray as a dutiful daughter,
crossing the continent to protect her aged
and rapidly declining mother from a bold,
bad, divorced husband and other design
ing persons, who were bent upon securing
some part of the estate.
The speaker told of the heroic struggles
of Mrs. Murray to save her mother's
property, and Mrs. Murray weeplngly
bowed her head In her hands at the
touching words. The Attorney referred in
terms of familiarity to the Deity to em
phasize his demands that the daughter
should receive letters of administration
and that the wicked and indecent Public
Administrator should be thrust Into outer
darkness, beyond the reach of court
favor.
Case Closes in Bitterness.
Mr. Hassett**brlstled at the reference to
his client, and when his turn came he
had also to say something about Inde
cency, mystery and designing persons,
for Mrs. Murray he professed the kindliest
feelings, "but he Insisted that It was she
who had shown indecent haste In grab
bing at the $600,000 which her mother had
left, shutting out of the house her mother
had made a : haven for the downtrodden,
and forbidding entry to friends and rela
tives, perhaps even to some of the poor,
dear soldiers whom Mrs. Townsend had
befriended.
Mr. Hassett's blood seemed to boil at
the very thought, and he insisted that the
court must Issue letters of administration
to Patrick Boland. And If the court did
not do so Mr. Hassett wanted to warn
Mrs. Murray that. she would lose the ad
vantage of an administration that in ex
pense would not be a bagatelle to what
It will be if the Public Administrator doe.*
not . secure control. Mr.. Hassett men
tioned no names," but he glared at the
Brothers Sullivan and a 'menacing finger
was pointed 'directly 'at 1 them. . Then Mr.
Haasett scoffed at the bogus will and
REBUKED BY j
HER MOTHER %
»
rvEAR G.— Wired j
¦^— 'fyou FZllei was
here. G&m& home jj
last eve about Q o*o j.
cxndL found herseat- 4
ed in ttie» Hall. The
Chinaman let her X
in. I was simply 'i
parlized She- Is ext 4
the hotel. I will "1
not have- her In the-
house vrvrith me.
lA/hat am I to do. 3
1A/111 \A/rite to-mor- j
i-OVfvr. — Text of postal card writ- Ij
Un by Mrs. Tovnsetrd to C C. Craw- j
ford on tie arrival of Mrs. (Murray 4
in this city. ' -3
William Harris, a man about 30 years
of age, was held to answer before the
Superior Court yesterday by Judge Mn
gan on a charge of burglary In COOO
bonds. He entered the house of Mrs.
Mary Heffernan. 1310 Mission street, Au
gust 11. and stole a gold watch. He was
arrested two days later. Harris claimed
that he was a victim of mistaken Iden
tity. He says a man closely resembling
him commits offenses and he is blamed
for them. Over a year ago the man and
Harris were both arrested for burglary
and both were hel<i to answer before the
Superior Court. Harris was able to prov»
that the other man must have committed
the burglary, and he was set at liberty
and his double was sent to San Quentin
for a year. Harris" attornev promised on
Wedn»-s.lay to bring the "double" int.)
court, but failed to find him, and .-aid iv
would have him when the case came up
for trial in the upper court.
Burglar Ha3 a Double.
the document in court. ' With this he
', closed, and Judge Dunne announced that
the case was submitted.
Attorney Hassett then attempted to In
troduce evidence to show that Mrs.'Town
send was deeply angered at the presence
of her daughter in this city and certainly
wanted her to ' return to her Massachu
setts home. Judge Dunne ruled that the
mother's feelings played no part in the
daughter's intention and could not be con
sidered proper evidence In the. case. The
proffered testimony was therefore ruled
out. ¦
Attorney Hassett insisted, however, in
having it identified, and for that purpose
It was allowed on the record. It consisted
of a postal card and a telegram pent by
Mrs. Townsend to her brother-in-law.
Charles C. Crawford, after the arrival of
Mrs. Ella F.' Murray in San Francisco.
The postal card and the telegram were
both addressed to the Boston home of
Charles • C. Crawford. The postal card
reads aa follows:
"Dear C: Wired you Ella -was here.
Came home last eve about 9 o'c and found
her seated In the hall. The Chinaman let
her In. I .was simply parllzed. She' Is at
the Hotel. I will not have her In tho
house with me. What am I to do. Will
write , to-morrow."
The telegram read as follows: ,
"Ella is here. Am terribly shocked.
Isn't awful. A. S. TOWNSEXD.*'
Hassett Pleads for Boland.
With this rejected testimony Attorney
Hassett closed his case and began his ar
gument. As a preliminary he cleared
away every supposed , Issue except one —
the question of; the bona fide resident of
California. It was admitted that Mrs.
Murray is the daughter : of Mrs. Town
send. .It was "most emphatically denied
that she is a resident of this State. Has
sett argued that It makes no difference
what we may "think of the hardship which
may be infltcted. We- are. not superior to
the law, and ; must "obey it. The law de
mands -that an administratrix must be a
resident of ; this • State. .
The'attorney insisted that, all. the facts
In the case . show _ conclusively that •' MrB.
Murray never Intended ¦ to . remain here
and-she retained her residence and home
In Dorchester. She left her friends . and
** S far as the courts are concerned
I \ there will be no developments In the
i^\ Townsend case, for a few days at
I least. The applications of Mrs. Ella
* ' .;'-.;' F. Murray and of Public Adminis
trator Boland for letters of administra
tion have been presented and submitted
and the matter is now In the hands of Su
perior Judge Frank H. Dunne for decision.
The hearing of the application of Thomas
T. Townsend, the ex-husband, is set for
the 30th inst., but It is not likely that the
gentleman will press his petition If he
has to swear that he is the surviving hus
band of Mrs. Townsend.
The opposing attorneys accepted the op
portunity yesterday in closing the case
to call one another names. Mrs. Murray
was pictured on the one hand as a design
ing, greedy woman, rushing In eager,
indecent haste to grasp her mother's for
tune, and on the other as a patient, care
ful, devoted daughter. Inspired to protect
and console her mother while alive and
guard her estate from ravenous attorneys
and others when dead. Ex-Judge -Sulli
van and M. C. Hassett spoke very plainly
of one another and hard words were ex
changed with the readiness of compli
ments. :
The court gave full rein to the heated
argument, which had absolutely nothing
whatever to do with the case or the Issues
involved. It served simply to show that
Ex-Judge Sullivan and M. C. Hassett do
not entertain a very high opinion of one
another. During the angry debate Mrs.
Murray wept softly or glared defiantly as
the mood" and the speaker affected her.
The lady has, notwithstanding this fact,
a most superb control of her emotions
and their expression. She insists upon
doing as she likes and In the way she
likes, a fact which makes the position of
cross-examiner a trifle embarrassing.
Mrs. Townsend Feared Her Daughter
. M. C. Hassett opened and closed the
case for the Public Administrator very
quickly. Having been denied a continu
ance by the court the attorney, had prac
tically no evidence to present. He placed
Mrs. Ella F. Murray on' the witness stand
and asked her if her mother's statement,
that she had sold her Callfornta-street
home and was working there as a house
keeper, was true. The witness was about
to answer when Attorney Matt I. Sullivan
declared that Mrs. Townsend's statement
was not true. This in a measure illus
trates the eccentric character of the old
woman and helps to destroy the, value of
her bitter arraignment of her- daughter,
which she mado so recently before her
TOWNSEND CASE IN JUDGE DUNNE'S HANDS.
amounting in the apprf-sate to J125 for the
Naval Militia boat race. There will be
crews in that rare from Eureka. tia.ma
Cruz and Santa Barbara. The crmmittee
v.ill In tho near future name twelve hon-
WTT.T.TB POLK wu placed on the
decoration committee of the Ad
mission day celebration at first
aa an advisory member, but of
late be ba* assumed entire charge of. the
xsatter of decoratioaa. Ho has decided on
a. plan of simplicity, and yesterday he
cent ocX through the committee another
notice that In the matter of decoration of
bouses and stcres there be only an ar
rangement of flags. This is interfering
with the p)&xts of a large number of peo
ple who have made arrangements for
elaborate decorations, and they are of the
opinion that they are not to be dictated
to as to how they shall expend their
money, so long: as they do not interfere
•with the rights of their neighbors. Some
of them have ordered large paintings il
lustrative of early scenes in California,
which they believe appropriate to the oc
casion, and they do not -want to be de
prived of the right to place them In front
of their premises to suit the ideas of
symmetrical simplicity.
The regatta committee last Wednes
day night received a committee of those
¦who axe to enter in the Whitehall ra-ce,
and decided to offer prizes as follows:
Bereoty dollars, J-iJ, $30, ?2j and 515. The
committee als="> decided to offor prizes
At a meeting of delegates from courts
of the Foresters of America last night,
it was decidPd that the courts turn out
in the parade. More than 400 members
were pledged to appear in uniform, caps
and sashes.
Gender & Hlnk, Union Pulp and Paper
Company, W. o. Richardson. Phillips &
Smyth, Brown & Power. Frank Eastman
& Co.. HIcks-Judd Company, California
Ink Company, John Partridge, Fllmer-
Rollins Electro Company, E. J. Shattuck
& Co., Walter N. Brunt, Union Litho
graph Company, Mysell-Rollins Company,
Sterett Printing Company, Commercial
Publishing Company, George Spaulding
Company, Galloway Lithograph Com
pany, K. I. Whelan & Co.. Willamette
Pulp and Paper Company, C. A. Murdock
& Co.. Pacitic States Type Foundry. E.
C. Hughes and Hayden Printing Com
pany, $25 each.
At the meeting- of the parade commit
tee last night it was decided to call the
attention of the general committee to the
letter of Willis 1 Polk to the Board of Pub
lic Works, in which he says that the
decoration committee had eent a circular
to merchants and others who propose to
decorate buildings, requesting that they
confine their decorations to a display of
flags as lavish as they desire, but simple
in arrangement. It is believed that the
request will interfere with the desire of
people to decorate. The parade commit
tee favors that portion of the letter which
objects to the granting of special permits
to erect arches. A liquor firm obtained
such a permit from the board because no
objection was presented.
The celebration fund was Bubstantlallv
increased yesterday. There were no big
contributions, but many small ones, ana
the day footed up a comfortable total.
Many districts are still not covered and
promise to make substantial returns. The
amount on hand land subscribed is now
within easy reach of the ?.tO,000 mark,
which has been set as the goal of the
committee's desire. Among generous sub
scriptions acknowledged yesterday were
the following: National Athletic Club.
$150: Oeorge W. Gibbs & Co., $100; I,loyd
Scovel Iron Company, $50; Spruance-
Stanley Company, Cartan, McCarthy &
Co.; Gilbert Bros.. Braunschweig & Co.,
Modesto Parlor has decided to parade
with the parlors from the San Joaquln
Valley.
N. A. McConaghy has been named by
Eden Parlor of Haywards as aid to the
grand marshal.
Reports from various parts of the> inte
rior to the hotel and accommodation com
mittee are to the effect that the number
of excursionists will exceed the number
expected a month ago. The committee
has obtained a list of a. large number of
places -where persons can be accommo
dated for a few days, and it asserts that
there will be room for all who shall come.
orary judges in connection with the races.
A race between fishermen in feluccas is
bfing arranged. Arrangements are pend
ing to the end that the yacht race by the
Interstate association for tbe Macdonough
cup may be postponed until a day In cele
bration WMk, and that it be made a part
of the great day light events on the water
front.
FBGMUraNT NATTVE SONS OF INTERIOR PARLORS,
Poolsellers in Court.
The cases of " Daniel Crowley, Joseph
Mohan, George Duncan and Louis Robi
nette. charged with violating the ordi
nance apainst poolselllng, were called in
Judge Cabanlss' court yesterday, and by
consent v.-ere continued till to-day to be
set. The second trial of Henry Schwartz
will take place before a Jury in Judge
Conlan's court this afternoon.
Police Committee Reports, in Favor of
Ordinance — Nickel Machines to
Be Regulated.
The Supervisors' Police Committee yes
terday reported in favor of the proposed
ordinance prohibiting persons from be
coming inmates of or visitors to pool
rooms or places where pools are bought
or sold, or where bets or wagers are made
on. horse racing, dog racing or boxing
matches. Any violation of the ordinance
is punishable by a fine of $500, or by im
prisonment for six months.
The petition of . the Columbia Athletic
Club for permission to hold a glove con
tost In September was denied, but a per
mit will be issued to the club fnr October.
Favorable action was taken on the bill
providing for the creation of a "Police
Relief and Pension Fund." The fund
will be made up of 5 per cent of all
moneys collected from saloon licenses,
one-half of all moneys received from dog
licenses, fines imposed on police officers,
all proceeds of sales of unclaimed prop
erty,, one-fourth of all moneys received
from licenses on pawn-brokers, billiard
hall keepers, dealers !n second-hand fur
niture, fines for carrying concealed ¦weap
ons. 25 per cent of fines collected for vio
lations of ordinances, all rewards paid to
police officers and other revenues pro
vided by the charter.
The < ordinance .regulating the use of
nlckel-in-the-slot machines, prohibiting
cheats and frauds in connection therewith
and providing for the examination and In
spection of the same by police officers,
was recommended for passage.
Federation of Mission Improvement
Clubs Scores City Officials for
Negligence. -:,V
The Federation of Mission Improvement
Clubs petitioned the Board of Supervisors
yesterday to provide cells In the new
Mission police station. Tho petition
states that the city Is paying a rental o:
JGO per month for the present quarters on
Seventeenth! street, and $50 additional for
a stable.. The federation recommends an
expenditure of $2000 for the cells, instead
of $5000 or $6000 as recommended by th»
architect. A stable of wood could also be
built instead of the brick building, whlcM
would cost $10,000. The petition concludes:
"Had our city officials exercised proper
diligence arid shown tne same regard for
tbe taxpayers as they would for their own
private affairs this branch of the Police
Department would to-day be occupying
the structure that so far cost the tax
payers $34,000. Fifty per cent more money
is demanded for the work proposed than
is actually necessary, and it is about
time that our city officials look more
closely after the interests of the city."
«
TO ABOLISH POOLROOMS.
After the Price matter was disposed of
temporarily, Chief Sullivan referred to a
resolution passed last July by the Board
of Supervisors asking him to consult with
the District Attorney' as to Introducing
ordinances for the consideration of the
board for tho more efficient suppression of
public gambling. He said he had pre
pared two ordinances which he read. One
was making it unlawful for any person
to play cards or dice for money or checks
in any saloon, cafe or public place or for
the proprietor of any saloon, cafe or pub
lic place to suffer cards or dice games to
be played. An exception was made in
the case of private clubs or social or
ganizations who have a permit from the
commissioners. The second was one mak
ing it: unlawful for any person to visit
such places with tho same exception. This
is aimed to put a stop to poker playing
in such places as the Cafe Royal. The
Chief was asked to consult with the Djs
trict Attorney on the subject.
- .«.
WANTS MISSION POLICE
& STATION OCCUPIED
The matter was informally discussed
and it was pointed out that the resigna
tion was sent in on the condition that its
acceptance was qualified by the provision
that the officer be placed on the pension
list. If not placed on the pension list
then the resignation would not be accept
ed. His retirement followed shortly after
his disratement from lieutenant to ser
geant. In asking for it he simply follow
ed the custom that had been In vogue.
He was recalled for active duty recently,
but the fact of his resignation was not
then known.
Resignation of Sergeant William Price as a
member of the Police Department of this city
and to be retired under the provisions of sec
tions 4 and 5 of the pension law considered.
On motion and by unanimous vote of the board
it was accepted, to date July 12. 1S99.
To the Honorable the Board of Police Com
missioners. City and County of San Francisco-
Gentlemen: I herewith tender my resignation
as a member of this department and ask that
I may be retired under the provisions of sec
tions 4 and 5 of the pension law. Thanking
you kindly for the many favors received, 1
am, gentlemen, respectfully,
WILLIAM PRICE, Sergeant of Police.
The - minutes of the same date contain
the following:
The i president said he had ascertained
that Sergeant Price was not a member
of the department and, therefore, not
entitled to draw a pension. He had tend
ered his resignation to the old board on
July 12 last year and It was accepted at
a meeting held the same day. The an
nouncement came as a surprise to the
other commissioners and It was decided
to defer consideration of the matter- till
the next meeting as It was Intimated that
others who were now receiving a pension
were In the same position as Price.
Price's letter of resignation was sub
mitted. It reads:
Another complication has arisen tn the
fight on the part of Police Sergeant Wil
liam Price to be restored to his former
rank of lieutenant. The new trouble was
created by. President Newhall at a spe
cial meeting of the Police Commissioners
yesterday afternoon.
Saloons, Cafes or Other Pub
lic Place.
Chief Sullivan Ha 3 Prepared Ordi
nances to Prevent Gambling in. .
Tendered Resignation July
of Last Year, Which
Was Accepted.
SERGEANT PRICE
NOT A MEMBER
OF DEPARTMENT
New Evidence That Mrs, Townsend Refused to Per
mit Her Daiaglhter to Be Near Her — The
TOWNSEND CASE CLOSES WITH
A BITTER CLASH OF LAWYERS
EAGERNESS TO DECORATE FILLS
PEOPLE ALL OVER METROPOLIS
Request Goes Forth for Simple Flag Effects, bint
Many Elaborate Desigms Are Already Being
Arranged — Regatta Preparations.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; FRIDAY, AUGUST 24, 1900
death.
12
The Frisco Boys, Corner Kearny Street and Union-Square Avenue.
for 'env.
Brought a crowd.
Legitimate sales are always
attended by success.
It's Your Lucky Day for
Values— To-morrow, Too,
if the Styles Hold Out.
There are pxtterns, styles and
workmanship in these suits
that make them legitimate '$ 1 5
values.
We don't exaggerate. See
them in our ¦ big ivitdorr.s.
Ihey bear out a'A we claim
Of the balance of a manufac-
turer's stock, in
Wednesday's papers. New Fall
Suits, goods representing valzois
up to $15. the choiast fashions
of the season, representing
everything that's nsiv at
Our Lucky
Purchase
Judging hy the ivn.if the peo-
ple crowded our Men's Suit
room yesterday there are ni'iny
shrnwd judge's t f good clothing
r-jiodgjs of ivnat is swell,
ju Lges of fine clothes at a small
price.
To Play to
Big Houses
Is to Give
Legitimate
Values.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY t *$t*\
No Plates Required. y&)
OUR REMOVABLE BRIDGE WORK 13
beautiful and durable. Warranted 19 years
Our J5 plates nt ltkt a glove. j^»r<».
Our method for painless extracting \» patented
and us*d by no other dentist en the Pacific
Coast.
MICE LtST FOR 3O DAYS!
Painless Extraction t» s _
Removable Bridge work $3.O<>
Amalgam " - " jj^ e
Mrs. Dr. R. L. Walsh will attend to' the chil-
dren • t*eth — ralnlensly. -
OR. Ft »-. VVMLSt-t.
815fi GEARY STP.EET. between Hyde and
Larkln. Telephone Polk 112?
n. s. g7W. a
8*1? „?» °^ G - . W " Emblematic Cards, f .' 9
wlh.™, v° rl * ln ll l designs. 100 Carda -fl
S^cn/U m %e P n a d r^ a . n aL^ dSnCe f
| THE 6ABRIEL PRIHTKG'CO.. 3
P^_419_JSaeratnento street. San Francisco: a
1 UNDERSKIRTS. |
j| Full width : colors, pink and blue, - j|
U gray and lavender: regular prlca, |j
fj 75c — this weiJc. tj
I 50 CENTS. |
H840 MARKET ST S--£rfg*Jlgl^