SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVin-XO. 111.
IN THE ANTHRACITE COAL REGION OF PENNSYLVANIA; WHERE THE MEN OF THE MINE WORKERS'
UNION ARE ON STRIKE AGAINST THE CONTINUANCE OF CERTAIN GRIEVANCES, ONE OF WHICH IS
THE COMPANY STORE, AT WHICH THEY ARE COMPELLED TO DEAL.
HARRISBURG, Pa., Sept. It-
Trouble Is brewing to-night In the
Lykens Valley region between the
union and non-union anthracite
miners over the refusal of the men
at Wllllamstown to join the strike. The
strikers In the neighboring towns of Ly
kens and Wuconisco threaten to compel
the Wllllamstown men to Quit work. A
meeting of the Willlamstown men was
held to-night, at which it was decided
to stand firm against any attempt on the
part of the strikers to force them to Join
the Etrike.
Sheriff Reiff to-day swore in 150 depu
ties, who will act in conjunction with a
double force of watchmen on duty at Wll
llamstown colllery-
The Willlamstown colliery was In op
eration to-day with a full complement
of 1100 men and boys. Rev. Father Logue,
rector of the Catholic church at Williams
town. Is working among; the mine em
ployes there to induce them to stay at
work.
Some of the strikers at Lykens and
Wuconisco threaten to drive out the men
at Williamstown before Saturday and se
rious trouble may be expected at any
time. There has been bad blood between
the Lykens and Wuconisco miners and the
men at Willlamstown ever since the re
fusal of the former In 1SS6 to Join the lat
ter In their strike against a reduction of
wages. -:v: :: : e'n
SECOND DAY'S DEVELOPMENTS.
more Collieries Close and Price of
Coal Goes Upward.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. IS.— The- leader
of the strikers states that at the end of
the second day 118,000 of the 141,000 mine
workers In the anthracite fields are Idle.
No report of the mine operators makes
a statement for their side, but individual
mine-owners dispute the strikers' figures,
saying there are more men at work than
the union leaders will admit.
The first advance in the price of coal
as a result of the strike was made by
the Philadelphia and Reading Company
to-day, 25 cents per ton being added. Thla
advance was promptly met by the local
dealers, who increased the price to con
sumers 60 cents a ton, -
A cloud appears on the otherwise peace
ful horizon In the shapt of a report from
Harrisburg that a bitter feeling is devel
oping between the union and non-union
men in the Lykens district, located in the
upper end of Dauphin County and in
volving about 2500 mine-workers.
A concession was voluntarily granted 5000
employes of the Lehigh Coal and Naviga
tion Company In the region west of
Mauchchunk, who will i.ereafter work
ten hours a' day for a consequent Increase
in earnings. These, men were unorganized
and had not presented any grievances.
True to its declaration made before the
strike was ordered the Philadelphia and
Reading Company to-day brought its
mules to the surface in the two mines in
Shamokin that had been closed by the
strike and announced that they would be
permanently abandoned. This action
makes it necessary for the miners who
have been working In these collieries to
seek work elsewhere.
The action of the 400 or 600 employes of
the West End Coal Company at Mocana
qua, near "Wllkesbarre, in sticking to their
work stands out prominently as the busy
feature of an -otherwise idle territory.
They say they have no grievance, have
always received good treatment from
their employers and therefore resist every
effort to Induce them to Btrike.
STBIXERS GAIN BECRTJITS.
Six Thousand Additional Men Lay
Down Their Tools.
HAZELTON, Pa., Sept. 18.— The second
day of the anthracite coal strike has
failed to bring forth anything that would
lead to the coming together of the mine
owners and the strikers. Unless there is
a break in the ranks of either, it seems
to-night that a third party will have to
step into the breach and try to bring the
two forces together. I'
President Mitchell, in' his statement on
the situation throughout* the entire an
thracite region, estimates that about 6000
additional mine workers laid . down their
tools to-day, making a total of . 118,000
mine workers idle.
To-day was 'entirely devoid of Important
developments In this district, and' the lit
tle change in the situation was in favor of
the strikers. It was estimated yesterday
that of IC.000 mine workers In the Hazel
ton district about S000 did not resume
work. President Mitchell in his estimate,
however, raised these figures to 10.000.
Careful reports received from, every min
ing town in the region to-day warrant the
estimate that more than 1000 additional
men did not go into the mines this morn
ing. Not one operator was reported to
have increased his working force over
that of yesterday.
All was quiet in Hazelton* to-day with
the exception of a few petty cases of
breach of the peace. A crowd of mine
workers numbering about 100 marched
from McAdoo through the south side to
day, but caused no trouble. At Jeansville
seventy-five men at work fled upon their
approach. ,"./. -V-V,
Meetings of the strikers were held at
eight different points in the vicinity to
night. The following statement was is
sued by President Mitchell in behalf of
the striking mine workers:
Reports received at our office from districts
Nos. 1. 7 and 9 of the anthracite coal region
show that there have been great accessions to
the ranks of the strikers to-day. In district
No. 7 (Haxleton regibn) not less than 1500 mine
workers who mined yesterday failed to report
for work 'this morning, thus Increasing the
total number of strikers from 10,000 to 11.500
to-day.
In district No. 9 (Schuylklll) our forces have
been augmented by 4500 mine workers in addi
tion to the 30,000 reported yesterday.
The situation in district No. 1 (Lackawanna
¦Wyomlng) is practically the same as the first
day of the strike, only SCO men remaining at
work. • The total number of men idle Is 113,000.
R From every section of the anthracite region
reports Indicate that much dissatisfaction pre
vails among those who have up to this time
failed to participate in the strike and we con
fidently expect* that the number at work will
grow less with each succeeding day until the
mine shall be completely closed.
KNOCKDOWNS ABE FREQUENT.
Union and Non-TJnion Men Quarrel
at Sugar Notch.
WILKESBARRE, Pa.. Sept 18.— The
close of the second day of .the miners'
strike, finds honors about equally divided
between the opposing forces In the 'Wyoin-
BERLIN, Sept- 18.— The. Foreign Office
has eent a circular note to all the powers
announcing that the German Government
considers tha.t an indispeneai>le prelimin
ary to the beginning of peace negotia
tions with China Is the delivering up of
those, who ¦were responsible for the out
rages. The text of the telegraphic note
Is as follows:
The Government of the Emperor holds aa
preliminary to entering upon diplomatic re
latlcns with the Chinese Government that
those j>er»or.s must be delivered up who have
been proved to be the original and real lnptiga
tors of the outrape* against International law
which have occurred at Peking:. The number
cf these who were merely Instruments !n carry
ing- out the outrage* Is too great. Wholesale
executions would be contrary to the civilized
conscience and the circumstances of such a
group of leaders cannot be completely aseer
taine-l. But a. few whoi«e pullt Is notorious
>-.'.'. be delivered up and punished. The
representatives of the powers at Peking are
in a position to rive or bring forward con
vincing evidence, as less importance attaches
to the number punished than their characters
as instigators and leaders.
The Government believes it can count on the
unar.!inlty of all the Cabinet! In regard to this
r-oint. Insomuch a«s Indifference to the Idea of
Just «t.eneiat3t wocld b« rqvrralrtn to indif
ference to a repetition of the crime. The Gov
err.mtnt propose*, therefore, that the Cabinet!
concerned should lnEtroct their representatives
at Pckir.» to indicate tho«e leading Chinese
personages from whose guilt in Instigating or
perpetrating outrases all doubt Is precluded.
The note has been sent to tho German
embassies at Washington. London. Paris.
St. Petersburg. Rome, Vienna and Tokio.
"IJhe publication of Count von Bulow's
circular note, which was made through
the Norddeutsche Allg-emeine Zeitun?.
was decided upon because It was deemed
best to let the world see that Germany
had nothing to hide legarding her real
aims in China. The diplomatic corps here
to interprets It.
The note shows al6O that Count von
Bulow'e sober and moderate views regard
ing the Chinese muddle and its solution
have now triumphed over Emperor Wil
liams'.-? "more expansive plans."
To-raorrorr the leading German papers
•will approve the note. The Frelssinnlge
Zeitung. calling particular attention to
the passage declaring that wholesale ex
ecutions win be oontrary to . the civilized
conscience, will eay:
"This is sigriiicaat in contrast with
Emperor 'William's instructions to the
departing troops to spare no one and
make r.o prisoners."
MAY INCLUDE THE EMPRESS.
the Powers' Wrath.
Special r>i*i>ai<-h to The Call.
Chinese Notables Who Have Incurred
WASHINGTON'. Sept. IS.— President Me
Klnley 'will return to "Washington to-mor
row to find himself confronted by impor
tant phases of the Chinese question which
demand Immediate attention. Including
the withdrawal of American troops from
Peking, the fact that Germany has de
clined to enter into peace negotiations un
til those guilty of the outrages committed
upon foreigners shall have been punished
and the general policy to bo pursued by
the United States. These matters will be
discussed at a meeting of the Cabinet, in
which Secretary Long and Attorney Gen
eral Griggs will participate. The other
member* of the Cabinet are not in Wash
ington.
With regard to withdrawal. It is stated
emphatically that the President has not
departed from h's purpose to direct Gen
rra] OfcnfOo to retire from Peking unless
Rustia would modify her views, but there
terms* lo be an impression that as she has
a great deal of property in Peking a small
guard may be left to protect It. If this
be done the other powers, following the
Russian example, may station small
guards In Peking and withdraw the re
mainder of their troops.
Acting Seccrtary Adee received to-day
from Mr. Jackson, United States Charge
<3" Affaires in Berlin, a cable dispatch re
lating to tho announcement of Germany
that she will not agree to commence
peace negotiations until the Chinese re
sponsible for the outrages shall have
been delivered up for punishment. As
Director Sheng end other Chinese author
ities have accused the 'Empress Dowager
of encouraging Boxer disturbances, Ger
many may include her In the list of guilty
persons, but In official circles the im
pression seems to be that the Berlin Gov
ernment will In her case urge her re
moval from further participation In Chi
nese affairs. It Is held that Prince Tuan,
as tho responsible head of the disturb
ances, must be punished. The United
States agrees with Germany as to the ne
cessity for punishment of responsible p#r-
Bons, but it Is not believed that the Presi
dent will Insist upon their surrender to
tie alliea, • V .'
Execution of Those Respon
sible for the Outrages
Must Precede Peace
Negotiations.
JOINT ACTION URGED
Berlin Foreign Office
Addresses a Note to
the Powers.
Demands That Box
er Ringleaders
Be Given Up.
VENGEANCE
SOUGHT BY
THE KAISER
NO BURIAL FOE. THE DEAD.
Not Enough Survivors to Dig the
Graves South of Sigh Island.
GALVESTON, Sept. 18.— "There are
only ten houses in a habitable condition
south of High Island," said H. Spangler,
general manager of the Gulf and Inter
state Company, who returned to-day from
a tour of inspection of the property of
his company. "There were thousands of
carcasses of animals and about 330 bodies
of human beings found there. The latter
have been partially buried, but the hands
and feet are protruding froni the earth
in many, places, and there are not enough
people left in that section to bury the
dead."
Mr. Spangler will endeavor to get a
party from here to go over and complete
the work of burying the dead. . He says
that thirty-one miles of the Gulf and In
terstate road has been destroyed and that
about eight miles of the right of way also
lost by the encroachments of the gulf. It
is too early to form a correct estimate of
the loss. Mr. Spangler says, however,
that he has no doubt the road will be re
built. . —
The 'situation throughout the country
extending from Bolivar to High Island Is
possibly worse than in any other section
of the mainland.
ping special deputies at every station ad
It passed. Three hundred were quietly
introduced before the whistles blew to
awaken the men.
Several of the operators have ordered
their mules to be hoisted out of tho mines
and have discharged even the few men
who were willing to work. In the neigh
borhood of Mount Carmel a few mines
sent to the surface coal that still re
mained in the gangways, but the breakers
were for the most part still. The Frank
lin mine at Trevorton and the Locust Gap
at the place of that name, are the only
two in this region that are running a full
force.
Will "Work Ten Hours a Day.
.I f AXSFORD,.Pa., Sept. lS.-Flve thou
sand mine workers employed by the Le
high Coal and Navigation Company ix»
the Panther Creek Valley, Schuylklll re
gion and Nesquehonlng Valley will work
ten . hours a day beginning, to-morrow.
This means increased earnings lor the
men. The mine workers there are not
organized.
A number of special officers were sworn
In to-day to protect coal company prop
erty. As a rule the strikers are keeping
away from the works. The stoppage of
shipments of coal has thrown nearly 1500
railroad men, mostly brakesmen, out of
work. " " -J. ¦
President - Nichols of the third district,
came up from Hazelton this afternoon
and addressed a large meeting of union
and non-union men at Sugar Notch. Be
fore the meeting the union and non-union
men started to quarrel. The non-union
men accused the union men of calling
them hard names. There were several
knockdowns before the fighters could be
separated. As a result of an appeal from
Mr. Nichols nearly all present joined the
union. I
A small colliery of* the Pennsylvania
Company worked part of the day, but all
the big mines were idle, the same as yes
terday. ,The only exception, as was the
case on Monday, was the colliery of the
"West End Company at Mocanaqua. It
worked again to-day with full force, the
committee of. United Mine Workers who
went to the town being unable to get the
men to Join them.
Ing Valley. The coal companies were able
to put a few washeries Into operation and
tho United- Mine "Workers increased their
membership to some extent.
A train arrived here at an early hour
this morning from the West «and* pro
ceeded through the regions worked by the
Mineral and Union Coal companies, drop-
SHAMOKIN, Pa., Sept. IS.— The tie-up
of the mines In this section Is even more
complete than It was yesterday. Fewer
men reported for work and the breakers
could not have been operated if the com
panies had "bo desired. It is a conserv
ative estimate to say that there are now
12,000 men on strike in this region. Every
thing was quiet to-day, with the exception
of a jtevr personal squabbles and a slight
disturbance at Mount Cannel this morn
ing,' brought on by some mischievous
breakir boys throwing stones at non
union men.
Through Shamokin District.
Special Train Distributes Officers
MANY DEPUTIES STATIONED.
PRICE OF COAL ADVANCED
BECAUSE OF THE STRIKE
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. IS. — The Philadelphia and Beading
Coal and Iron Company and all the local coal dealers ' to-day ad
vanced the price of coal 25 and 50 cents a ton, respectively. The
Reading advance applies either to coal at the mines or at tidewater,
and the local dealers' advance goes into operation at . once. .The
Reading further announces that all unfilled orders for September
are canceled and that all future orders are subject to the com
pany's ability to furnish the coal.
Ranks of the
Strikers
Gain Many
1 Accessions.
Total Number of
Idle Men Now
Estimated to
Be Over 118,000
Few of the Operators
Succeed in Increas
ing Working Force
OverThat of Monday.
TroiilDle Bre-sKring in tlie Lylcexis Region
stxici a, Cletsli of tlie T-w-o Factions
Is I^iroTDei/tol©.
Revival of an
Old Feud Be
tween the
Two Unions
Deputies Sworn
In for the Pro
tection of Life
and Property
Wuconisco Men Declare
They Will Make an
Attack Before the
Dawning of Saturday
GALVESTON'. Texas. Sept. 13.— Tho
work of clearing the streets of debris la
progressing rapidly under the perfect or
ganization instituted by military rule un
der Adjutant General Scurry- More than
2000 men are engaged on t*ie work.
Ninety-eight bodies are reported a3 hav
ing been found in the wreckage and re
moved to-day, making a total of 1SS1 vic
tims so fur recovered. Tiris list is far
short of the actual number of the dead
found. The bodies recovered are burled
or cremated, and no systematic record
has been kept. The storm wrecked al
most every vault in the six cemeteries,
and many of the dead were washed to sea
in metal cases. So far only one casket
has been found. It had been carried three
miles from the vault.
The extension of the electric lighting
system continues. By to-morrow the dis
tance from Twentieth to Twenty-seventh
streets and from the bay to Broadway
will be equipped with lights. More than
200 skilled mechanics were brought here
to-day from -:as cities.
The total numuer of dead is still esti
mated at from 5000 to u^O. The newspaper
list is over 4000. The naraea of many ne
erots; Mexicans, Italians and other for
eigners can never be obtained.
The work under the direction of the
Health Department was pushed with
vigor to-day. As disinfectants arrive they
are distributed over the city, and large
quantities are arriving. Over a carload of
' disinfectants was taken from the wharves
to-day and sent to the Health Department
Supply Depot, and almost as much was
taken from that place and distributed
over the city. As fast as it can. be done
the city is being placed in a thoroughly
sanitary, condition.
Medical Attention for All.
Much was done to-day in the way of
| removing debris and disposing of animal
I carcasses. The sick and wounded are re
ceiving the best of treatment, and the fa
cilities are such that any one needing
medical attention can have it by applying.
Besides the other hospitals and medical
relief stations already in service the Ala
rine Hospital and Refuge Camp was
I opened this afternoon and will accommo
¦ date a large number of patients. Persona
i able to travel have been taken from the
j hospitals and sent in the revenue cutters
1 and by other means of transportation to
Houston and other relief stations on the
¦ mainland.
The outlook from a health standpoint la
very encouraging. Three piledrivers are
at work closing up the breach In the Gal
veston Bay bridge made by the steamship
Roma. The rebuilding of the bridge is
progressing rapidly and It is expected that
trains will be able to cross on Thursday.
Orders have been issued to allow freight
to proceed to Galveston. The one bridso
will be heavily taxed to accommodate all
the trains. The tracks on Galveston
Island will be completed to the bridge to
morrow noon. Engines are again run
ning Into the Union station and switching
In the wharf yard3 and are bringing
freight to the 3hlps in port.
" The waterworks system Is being grad
ually restored and the mains are now
supplying the various hospitals. Miss
Clara Barton of the Red Cross has been
tendered the use of the old Sealy buildln?.
formerly used by the general offices of
the Santa F> Railway, and has opened a
depot for supplies. She has sent ordera
for medicines and surgical dressings, food
for the sick and clothing and shoe3.
Otherwise she has recommended that
money be sent her, as the merchants can
supply a great many things needed.
A bureau has been established to take a
complete census of the city.
Families Must Move Out.
General Scurry has ordered that all
families living within a block of the pile
of debris back of the district entirely
swept away shall move out as a sanitary
precaution.
Congressman Hawley advocates tho
building of a breakwater beginning at the
south Jetty and extending westward, par
alleling the shore of Galveston Island for
a distance of about seven miles. With a
base of twenty-five v feet and crown of
eight feet, capped with heavy granite
blocks, he believes this would break the
force of a tidal wave and adequately pro
tect Galveston.
In answer to an Inquiry sent him as to
the Intentions of the Southern Pacific to
ward Galveston, Charles II. Tweed, presi
dent of the board, has telegraphed to the
Galveston Cotton Exchange as follows:
"Work >on our improvement* at Gal
veston has already been resumed and la
being pressed forward as rapidly sjt pos
sible." \
The anxiety to leave the city to dytns
out. At 6 o'clock this evenlns the revenue
Danger of an Epidemic
Averted by Energetic Ac
tion of the Health
Officials.
SITUATION IS IMPROVED
Work of Clearing Away
Wreckage Prosecut
ed Vigorously.
Ninety-Eight More
Bodies Recovered
at Galveston.
DELVING IN
DEBRIS FOR
THE DEAD
WILLIAMSTOWN MINERS REFUSE TO
WALK OUT AND STRIKERS THREATEN
TO DRIVE THEM FROM THE DISTRICT
The San Francisco Call.SACRAMENTO'S POPULATION.
Ten Per Cent.
Census Report Shows a Gain of Over
WASHINGTON, Sept. lS.-The Census
Bureau announces the population of Sac
ramento. Cal.. 'Is 29,282. against 26.3S6 in
1890. an Increase of 2896, or 10.98 per cent.,
Dies of Her Injuries.
CINCINNATI. Sept. IS.— Captain Eliza
beth Erickson died to-day from injuries
received in the Salvation Army Nursery
fire. Tills makes eight victims. Captain
Anderson having died this morning. The
remaining four Injured have almost recov
ered.
putting a little cheese In the trap. (Applause.)
The night meeting in this city which
was addressed by Mr. Bryan was held in
a big three-ringed circus tent which cov
ered, several thousand people. Mr. Bryan
did not appear until ten minutes past 9.
He was received with deafening cheers,
and the applause did not subside for sev
eral minutes. He spoke with evident ef
fort, his voice being quite hoarse as a re
sult of the severe campaigning of the past
few days. The speech was upon general
lines and did not develop many new
points.
Much attention was given the Philip
pines. A shrill-voiced person In the audi
ence asked Mr. Bryan why he had advo
cated tho ratification of the Spanish
treaty, to which question he replied:
I will tell you, my friend, why I wanted It
ratified. I wanted the treaty because I wanted
the Spanish war closed; I wanted the volun
teers brought home, and I wanted to take
from the Republican party the war expend
itures, and I -wanted -to give to the Filipinos
ourselves that which we could have 'procured
from Stoatn for them. ' .
His reply brought out demonstrations of
approval and jeers at the expense of his
Interlocutor, with cries of "Now will you
be good?" : • J
KANSAS CITY, Sept. 18.— Armourdale,
tho center of tho packing-house and
stockyards" Interest pf Kansas, turned out
a great crowd to-night to hear William
J. Bryan, who spoke in Shawnee Park.
He Srrived In Kansas City at 5:30 and
was driven across the river to the meet
ing place, arriving at 6:15. The employes
of the various establishments In the
neighborhood had already ceased labor
and large numbers of them had gathered
In the park despite the threatening sky
and even a slight fall of rain. The work-
Ingmen gave the closest attention.
To-nipht Mr. Bryan spoke in a huge
circus tent In Shelly Park, in the heart
of the city. .Mr. Bryan's speech was ad
dressed entirely to the labor element. He
said in part:
If we talk to the Republicans about the Im
portant issues of this campaign they .meet our
argument with one answer, and that Is the
"full dinner pall." If we ask the Republicans
why for three and a half years they have
failed to give to the laboring men protection
Irom government by injunction the only answer
ls that the laboring man has a full dinner pall
and he ought not to object- to government by
injunction if the' dinner pall Is full.
The full dinner pall is satisfactory to the
stomach, but, my friends, it ls the animal and
not the man that complains only when it is
hungry and goes to sleep when It is full. I
want to appeal to something In the laboring
man besides his appetite. I want to ask the
laboring roan If he is content to live and die
with nothing more than a full dinner palh
Mayor Jones of Toledo well described it when
he said that the laborer always had a full din
ner pail In slavery days; that the Slav* had
plenty to eat because he could not wo* if he
did not have plenty to eat. He said that the
slaveowner had a«selfish interest In giving to
the slave a full dinner pall and plenty to eat
and wear. . % ,
Man is- of a threefold nature. He not 'only
has his body but has his brain, and he has his
heart also, and the laboring man needs more
than three meals a day. He needs shortened
hours of labor j to enable -him to give some
time, to his family and to intellectual . develop
ment.
What has the Republican party done to
shorten the hours of toll? When the eight-hour
law went before the Senate the Republican,
Senate did not have time to pass it, but the
Republican Senate had plenty of time to pass
a financial bill that gave the national banks
the control of the paper money of the coun
try. (Applause.)
The Republican party had plenty of time to
legislate when it wanted to legislate, but where
Is the bill that protects the laboring man from
the fear of the Injunction? We are opposed to
government by Injunction.
In our platform we ask for a labor bureau
with a Cabinet officer at Its head. .What does
the Republican party ask for? Why. a department
of commerce and industry. We- also ask for the
election of Senators by the people. You can
not get any remedial legislation until your bill
passes the Senate as well a3 the House. Un
der the present method of electing Senators the
corporations have more influence In the selec
tion ot a Senator than they should have, and
the common man, the ordinary»voter. has less
influence than he should have. (Applause.)
W e want an income tax. The Republican
party is not willing that we should have an
Income tax, which would give to tha labor
ing man some relief from the burden of tax
ation. You laboring men ought to consider the
question of taxation and these other questions,
but the only reply you get to a.11 these things
Is the "full dinner pall." (Applause.)
Whenever any . Republican holds up before
you the full dinner pall argument, ask him
what he thinks of the anthracite coal region.
(Great applause.) Ask him what he thinks of
less than a dollar a day, which Is received by
the men who are mining anthracite coal— less
than a dollar a day the year round. Under
those circumstances, what chance ls there for
tho laboring man to Improve his condition?
What chance for him to raise his family and
to give his children a higher place than he
has enjoyed? What chance is there for that
development Intellectually: and for that recre
ation and for those things that are necessary
to the laboring man as well' as to any one else?
(Great applause.) ¦ ., ¦ .-¦•*¦
But the full dlnnner pall will not last this
campaign. The Republican party has got to
me«t» these questions and cannot entice the
laboring man .into the Imperialistic - trap by.
BRYAN DISCOURSES ON
THE FULL DINNER PAIL
Senator Hoar would convince you that he
opposes it from conscientious motives, but is on
all other points a unit with the party from
which he differed in that one respect and that
he is a supporter of William McKlnley. With
these two together I would tear the mask off
I wish I could have together on this platform
William J. Bryan and Senator George F. Hoar
that each might tell his reasons for opposing
"cxranslon" or "imperialism."
You will find my text In the letter of accept
ance of the great apostle of free silver—Wil
liam J. Bryan. It is his last card and he be
gins his Interesting appeal to the people of the
United States by telling what he knows about
trusts. At the Kansas City convention there
developed a wide difference of opinion in the
Democratic party as to what they should do or
ought to do and various pilgrims to Lincoln
found Mr. Bryan very uneasy, as well he
might have been, since the narrow edge of on«
vote in the Convention meant the saving of his
pet hobby — free sliver. But how has it been
since that convention? In all his speeches dur
ing his campaign he has made only the barest
references to free Bllver. But he took up an
other issue, one which he labored in Washing
ton to manufacture. He gave positive orders
to certain members of Congress to ratify tho
treaty for no other reason than that he might
have an imaginary chance to attack the ad
ministration.
CHICAGO, Sept lS.-Senator M. A.
Hanna at noon to-day made an address
to several thousand downtown business
men and their employes at the rooms of
the Commercial McKlnley Club. He said
in part:
Bryan tells what he would do If elected.
His first act would be to haul down the Amer
ican flag in the Philippines. Well, that is
what he says he would do, but the American
I would like Mr. Bryan or any other Demo
crat to tell me what a trust ls. I believe
there ls not a trust In the entire United State*.
There la a national law and in every State a
law acainst trusts and each law, national or
State, hns been the product of Republican law
makers and the credit ls due the Republican
party. I have no objection to the Democrats
opposing trusts, but they have not got any
patent on It.
If our great corporations of amalgamate*
capital are in the interests of manufacture,
then are not labor organizations and combina
tions In the interests of the worklngman? I
was the first man in Ohio to recognize organ
ized labor in 1871, and while that organization
of bituminous coal miners existed we never had
a strike. I believe In arbitration between la
bor and capital, and in 1S97, when 1 stood
before 7jOO men and women in Cincinnati, told
them that If they would prove to me that I
had ever wronged any man working for me or
urged the reduction of his pay I would resign
from the United States Senate the next day,
and the offer still stands.
One stands on the firm foundation of his con
victions of right and the other on the flimsy
foundation of hypocrisy. Mr^ Bryan has been
afraid to push the silver 1bsu« because he wants
to carry New York and some other Eastern
States.- He tried imperialism and made from
flve to fifty speeches a day, his audiences grow
ing less and less every day. It is his trump
and last card and we will hold him down to
that issue and on every side of it.
tho face of that hypocrite— William J. Bryan.
(Cheers and hisses.)
Bryan talks of the Monroe doctrine and ad
vocates a protectorate in the Philippines. The
Monroe doctrine was established for the West
ern hemisphere, but Bryan would spread it all
over the world. If that ls not imperialistr
then tell me what it is. I am for peace, but
not for peace at any price and not while tho
brigand. Aguinaldo. ls hanging about In the
bushes, shooting down our soldiers. Bryan ia
opposed to a tariff as a trust creator, but th?
workingmen know that the tarlfT is their pro
tector. He tells us rosy pictures of what hi*
would do If elected and beside his pictures
stand the monumental work that McKlnley hai
done.. Bryan will stand on any platform they
make for him; ride any hobby, indorse any
isiue— yes, he will even abuse me for thn
sole purpose of being President. That is all
he wants. (Cheers and cries of "You are all
right.") 4
Yes. I am all right, for I talk about things
I know aH about, and I ffon't lie. either. Cast
your votes In your own Interest and not in th*
Interests of Mr. Bryan. The importance o;
this campaign ls greater than any ever befors
known In the country, because any reversal of
the policy of the Government would bring about
a change In commercial Interests which would
dwarf the awful storm at Galveston. It would
mean a commercial and industrial revolution
from which this country would not eoon re
cover.
people would not let him. Then he would
establish a "Btable government," probably
with Aguinaldo at the head of it. Think of tt!
Pull down our flag, remove our troops and
leave the brave dead, our boys In blue, to th*
tender mercy of Agulnaldo! Judging from the
past Agulnaldo would soon shock humanity
and the nations would' interfere as we did in
Cuba.
Charles Trail (colored): John Harris, wife
and two children; Mrs. Haucius'and one child;
W. J. Hermann. Mrs. Hermann and five chil
dren; Jacob Hylcnbersr, wife and child.
J. Jerrel, wife and four children; 'Charles
Jordan; James and children: Jackson,
wife and daughter Mabel.
Aucuft Ka:«cr, wife and one child: John
Kcough. wife and four children: Mr. Keogh
and three children; William Koch Er.; William
Kothe.
I,.
Mr*. Iv»arett and three children; Mrs. Cella
Le*at and family of Fix; Captain Letts, wife
and two children nnd sister; Peter Lynch.
M.
Mrs. W. G. Maxkay and four children; J.
D. Macklin. wife and seven children; Joseph
Maupin; Billy McCann. wife and four children;
Mra. Mao* McDonald and son: John McEwan:
Peter McGrau and wife; Hugh McNelll and
baby and Miss Jennie McNeil; Mrs. McPeters
p.nd two children; Miss Lorena McVeigh;
Frank Miller; Miller, wife and four chil
dren; August Milledge. wife and five children;
Mellor (better known as Miller); Robert
end Henry Meyer and four children; Cecilia.
Lorraine, Vera and Mildred Moore, children of
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Moore: Antonio Morsebur
rer and wife; Moserger; George Middle
burger, wife and three children: John Mlddle
burger. wife and three children; E. C. Miller-
Mrs. Dock Moore.
N.
Real, a fisherman.
o.
James and Frank O'Neal, eons of James-
Lawrence O'Neal: O'Neal, wife and flve
children; an oyeterman with four hired men '
P.
Mrs. B. Platt; George Peterson, wife and four
children: Robert Peter* ; Rudolph Peters; C. H.
Potter and little daughter; William Praker;
Mrs. Preussner and three children; Mr. and
Mrs. Plschos.
Q.
Robert Qulnn, wife and three children.
P. A. Rattizau: J. B. Rattizau, wife and four
children; C. A. IiattlJau, wife and neven chil
dren; Uni P. J. Rattizau: Mr. Raw; Mise
Susie Ray; Herbert M. Roberts; Mrs. Rotxt's
baby: Mra. Ro*en and four children; Rudlrcker
and three women; Mrs. Mary Ryan.
Henry Scarborough, a fisherman; Hush Scott
(colored); Captain Speck; Mre. M. S. Summers.
T.
Mr«. Clement Tain and three children: Tripe
an oysterroan; Anfcellne Turner (colored).
Wallace and wife: Mr. 'and Mrs. Warnkft and
three children: Johnny Washington and family
<colored); Mr. Wcit and three children: L D
Walker, etppson and W. J. Hughes; Lou
Weeden. wife and four children; Mrs. Annie
Vurzlow; one laborer at Fry's dairy.
cu'ter Oalv«»ston took a large number of
patient* from the Sealy end St. Mary
Hospitals. The5f are to ro to Clinton and
thc-r* tx» transferred to railroad cars for
Houston. The revenue cutter Winona will
take a number of other sick and wounded
to-rnorrow. She made a trip yesterday.
returning this evening. Each cutter ls ac
companied by relief nurses. A bargeload
v.i provisioos and a bargeload of bridge
material 'were brought from Houston to
day. The provisions a*e donations from
various quarters and the bridge material
If to be used In getting a bridge across
the bay on ¦which trains can move this
•week.
Early this morning there was a sharp
Fhower of rain— the first since the storm.
While it lasted but a few minutes It
showed how absolutely r.r-cessary it ls to
get the buildings of the town in some
thing llk» their normal condition as soon
25 possible. In the residence portion of
the town the rair.fall undoubtedly caused
at leaft a great amount of discomfort.
for hundreds of houses which were not
absolutely uninhabitable during the prev
alence of fair weather were drenched,
&nd deluged ar.d the weary people they
pheltered were rendered all the more mis
erable.
DEATH BOLL IS GROWING.
Many New Names Added to the List
of the Storm's Victims.
HOT STON. Tex.. Sept. lS.-The follow
ing namrs have been added to the llst.of
rirad af a result of the storm at Galves
ton. bringing the total number of persons
killed who have been accounted for to 4437:
Mrs. Anflretrr; William Allen, wife and three
chiliinr.; Mrs. R. !«• Allardyce and three chil
dren; Claude Allen; Herbert Allen; Lucy Allen.
B.
Bmdfoot ar.d wife; WiU'am Brown;
A'f Bri*c«l and two children; Mr*. Burkhead
emi daughter: Mrs. P. Burn» and daughter
Mary; Mr. and Mre. Geoire Byman.
Pat Clancy, wlf* and flve ehlMren: Frank
O. Co1ftx*re. wife and baby; Frank. Ellen ami
Mary Oierter (colored); Miss Annie Christian
of Phreveport. who «-u visiting Georr* Dorian;
F«n<3»>rs Ooi«t!ey: wife and child of Alex Cert
ify (colored); leabrlla Cowen and daughter
Ar.ton Oalloun, wife and four children; Mrs.
Klira Cornell.
"Da«t> Joe" aed wife Ma.rr; William Dw
!r4r. wife and six children; William I>cvoti
*nd tfcree children; Mra. Julia Etevotl and two
children; Ixmls IVvotl; "rxjc" Dcrptt. Frank
ImiTart. Joseph Dumond end wire; Mr*. Leon
1 >am and child.
. M. Eaten.
Frrhsn fami!v eon*, h* it flllve: Mr?. Jullun
Talk a^id five children; Gu*ta.v* Fa'.k; rUch*rd
Fdfnunn. blarkrmith. wife and five children;
Fritz, wife and two children.'
— — Graus, wife and two children.
Senator's Caustic Reply to the Demo
cratic Leader's Letter of Acceptance.
MARK H ANN A DUBS
BRYAN A H YPOCRIT E
PROSECUTION IS NEARLY
THR0U6H IN HOWARD CASE
Testimony to the Effect That Defend
ant Ram From the State House
After the Shooting.
FRANKFORT. Ky.. Sept. IS.— The pros
ecution concluded its direct testimony in
the case of James Howard to-day.
Ben Rake, a stable boy, corroborated
Bowman Galnes as to seeing Howard run
oxrt from the State House grounds shortly
after the shooting.
James P. Daly and R. O. Armstrong
testified to seeing Howard standing on
the £teps of the State House later that
morning. - : --V'. !
W. 11. Culton, one of the alleged con
spirators, went over his former testimony
affecting Howard. He claimed that How
ard exhibited cartridges to him, and also
pointed slgniilcantly to a broken paling of
the fence. Culton said he asked Howard
what he meant by this, and the latter
told him to "not ask" so many C n fool
questions."
This was the afternoon of January SO.
Culton also said that the . day after the
shooting Youtzey came into the Secretary
of State's office. He had just received his
salary as a clerk in the Auditor's office
and. laid it down on a table, saying: "I
am'golne to take the number of these
bills. I am likely to be arrested, and If
this money ls taken from me I want to
have some sort of memorandum of It."
Culton says he asked Youtzey what he
expected to be arrested for, Youtzey re
plying: "Well, never mind. I am likely
to be arrested."
The defendant will take the stand as
the first ¦witness In his own behalf: He
claims an alibi, and the attorneys for the
defense say they will bring overwhelming
proof that Howard was standing in front
of the Board of Trade Hotel, two squares
away from the scene of the tragedy,
when the shooting occurred.
¦ ? ¦ v
McKINLEY CONGRATULATED.
Anniversary of His Promotion at the
Battle* of Antietam.
CANTON, Ohio. Sept. IS.— President Mc-
Kinley started for Washington this aft
ernoon on the tegular train. It Is said
that matters connected with the Chinese
situation more than anything else call
him to the capital. The President is feel-
Ing unusually well.
The Pennsylvania State League of Re
publican Clubs at Philadelphia to-day
sent the folUwim? telegram to the Presi
dent:
"The Pennsylvania State League of Re
publican Clubs, in session, while Indors
ing you for President, fakes occasion aiao
to congratulate you upon your promotion
this day thirty-eight years ago from
commissary sergeant to lieutenant at the
battle of Antietam."
The President replied as follows: /
"Replying to your very kind message
in behalf of the Pennsylvania State
League of Republican Clubs please assure
the membership of the league of ray ap
preciation of their greetings and congrat
ulations. May their political service con
tribute to the strengthening of the right
principles of government and to the ad
vancement .of all things which make for
the welfare of their StatP and the nation "
i The President's departure for Washing
ton this afternoon was delayed half an
hour by the regular train being late
Two Impromptu receptions In thft Presi
dent's car resulted from the delay. Tlie
first was to about a score of delegates
and members of the East Ohio Method! -s't
Conference on their way to Youngstown
headed by Rev. Or. C. E. Manchester of
this city, the President's pastor.
The second party, was composed of com
mercial travelers at the station awaiting
the train. Both parties- were received in
the car and given a cordial greeting and a
hearty handshake by the President.
«¦ . * /
MISS MARY NEWBOLD EDGAR
WEDS REV. N. B. GALLWAY
Nuptials of los Angeles Divina and
Daughter of First Commodore of
New York Yacht Club.
Preclal DisDatch to The Call.
BOSTON, Sept. lS.-Rev.N. B. Gallwav
of Loa Angeles and Miss Mary Ncwbold
Edgar, daughter of the late William Kd
gar. the first commodore of the New TnrU
Yacht Club, were married In All Tfeinff
chapel at Newport this afternoon. There
were nrvbridesmaids or attendants. Rev-
Henry Morgan Stone of Trinitv- Church
Newport, and Rev. Dr. Huntington of
New "York officiated. Dr. A. C. Llrmell ot
Chicago was best man.
The church was elaborately decorated"
and there was a reception at the summer
home of the bride, a short distance away.
Start o* Prohibition Train.
CHICAGO, Sept. 18.— To-morrow the
Prohibition special train will leave Chi
cago on Its first journey for ten days
through Illinois and other States. The
purpose of the train ls to give John G.
Woolley, Prohibition candidate for th©
Presidency, an opportunity to speak to
the people. The Prohibitionists expect
this special train to be the great feature
of their campaign.
"FOR LABOR A SHORT DAT IS BETTER THAN A SHORT DOLLAR-ONE WILL LIGHTEN THE BURDENS;
THE OTHER LESSENS THE REWARDS OF TOIL."-From President McKinley's letter.
—Baltimore American.
Republican of Texas Split and Rival
Tickets May Bs Named.
SAN ANTONIO Tex., Sept. R— The
State Republican Convention (Green fac
tion) to-day nominated the following
State ticket and adjourned:
Governor— "W. J. Burkstt.
Lieutenant Governor— J. J. Clifford.
Attorney General— T. B. Stanley.
Treasurer — Judce Lowden.
Controller — George Zeigler.
I .a mi Commissioner^ — J. B. Ilornberter.
Superintendent of Public Instruction— O. C
McAndrews.
Railroad Commissioner— Morzan Janes.
Chairman State Executive Committee — E. H.
R. Green.
The Republican State Convention con
taining the supporters of Congressman R.
B. Hawley met also to-day, effected tem
porary organization and adjourned until
McClure of Boulder; for I*residentlal
Electors — Trvins Howhert of Colorado
Spring?. Thomas M, McMurray of Den
ver. Thomas P. Walsh of Ouray, Simon
Guggenheim of Pueblo.
TWO FACTIONS CONVENE.
nations of th.; earth; who has" emNxlted th«
broad doctrine which has taught all the na
tions of the worid that the flag of our repub
lic had teen hoisted with honor ana shall
never be pulled down In dishonor.
9 —
COLORADO NOMINEES.
R "publican Convention Completes the
Naming of a Ticket.
DENVER, Sept. .IS.— The Republican
State Convention recon\ened this morn
ing to complete its ticket and adopt -«Mn •
lut ens. Yesterday Gustave C. BarUla
wa* A named for Supremo Court Justice and
frank C. Gotidy for Governor, t >th by
ac.!:imation. and the same havniony wa3
i>j>rarem to-day.
TK- report of the committee on re3o!u
licns was read by its chairman. Isaac N*.
Stevens, of Colorado Springs. It av>plau.l
e-d the foreign, and domestic poll \v i>f, the
lucs-nt nativmtl arin. mist ration *\nu M?o
ccurse in the Srnate of Edward U. Wtl
(otc. Much of th« platform wi.i dov?tfq
to State affairs. The report was adopted,
after which a supplemental resolution r-n
presfsing sympathy for the Galvoston suf
ferers was presented am! adopted. Th?
fnl.owing nominations were made by ao
tlamation:
I-ieutonant Governor. Percy S. Rider of
Telluride; Secretary of State, Joseph W.
Milxon of Canon City; for Treasurer. Or
son Adams of Grand Junction: for Audi
tor. James S. Murphy ot Altm;«n: for At
torney General. Charl?s K. Withrow of
Ontral City; for Superintendent of
Schools, Mr?. lone T. Hanna of Denver;
for Resents of th« State University.
<'harles It. Dudley of Denver. Georee X.
BUTTE CHEERS
FOR ROOSEVELT
Montana City Gives the
Candidate a Boisterous
Greeting.
In His Speech He Urges Voters to
Avert the Panic That Would
Follow Bryan's Election.
BUTTE, Mont., Sept. IS.— General Rooae
velt's special train arrived here about 4
o'clock this afternoon and the party was
given a hearty reception. The carriage
ride from the station of the Northern
Pacific to the Butte Hotel, about a mile
distant, was attended by a flattering: dem
onstration. The streets were lined with
people. At the hotel Governor Roosevelt
appeared upon the balcony. The crowd
I below- entirely filled the street for a blocl^I
In either direction. (Jovernor Roosevelt
was urged to speak, but he declined, say
ing he would see the people at the Colum
bia Gardens in the evening.
The Immense -buildiiig' at Columbia Gar- j
dens was" entirely filled to-night and
standing room was at a discount. Gov
ernor Roosevelt talked for nearly three
quarters of an hour. He spoke in part
as follows: .
I have spoken to" you, gentlemen, about
preaching the gospel of hate. The foules:
wrong that can- be done to our citizenship is
done by the man who preaches that Kospcl.
Whether he i.rcaches to the employe to see
to it that the protection of his own Interests is
asjainst tfce Interest* nf the employer or
whether he seeks to combine politics and set
the emDloyes against their employers, it mat
ters not which. H.-ia wrong. Ktehty years a*o
w» were told that the capitalist had grown
rich; that the capitalist had prospered ami that
we should down him. We sot Mm down. The
capitalists were ruined and the wageworker
came to the verse ot starvation.
That was the effect of the action of mis
guided men. >Tow, ftentlemen. the only way
to permanently secure ivfll-lwMns; In this coun
'try Is to secure conditions that will secure the
well-being of all. PomnhinK can be done by
legislation: much can b* done- by- association
of Individuals.
I appeal to you for the *ake of our Internal
well-being, for the sake of the position or this
nation in the face of nations of the world that
you stand by us in this contest. We stand at
the threshold of a new century- The (tenera
tion In the century that has Just closed has j
done a great work and laid the foundation of
our government upon a strong footing by the
success of the civil war. We have conquered
this continent. We have established a gov
ernment under which there has been such
prosperity, liberty and power as the world has
never before seen. Now I appeal to you, the
men who made the West, and to yog who
glory In your strength. - in your courage and
your power, to see to It that the nation does
not act as you would be ashamed to sfe any
individual act; that the nation does not shirk
from the task that has been laid out for It ta
perform; see to It that the nation now realizes
that when it takes a position In the'foremoht
rank of nations. It must be prepared to' meet
and to overcome all the difficulties that all
great powers are sure to meet.
I would ask you to support us in this con
test in the first place, because In so doing you
can preserve the conditions of material pros
perity and avert a panic of disaster that would
be more widespread and more far-reaching than
any which this country has ever known; and,
furthermore, because It has been given to us
to be furnished a standard-bearer who has
embodied In his policy the principles which
have led us forward to this position among the
Subscriptions for the Galveston fund
amounted to SS63 yesterday, most of which
was received by the Stale Relief Commit
tee. Most of the organization."! that have
had lists open to the public are now ion
trr.t to turn their funds in to the State
Relief Committee and allow the regularly
suthcrized organization to handle them.
So outside subscriptions are growing
V.phtT.
The State Committee will extend its or
g&nlzatloa by appointing more sub-com
mittees to cover trades not covered by
previous stib-cornmitters. The new mib
oonrminees will be announced to-day or
to-morrow.
The proceeds of the benefit given by the
Olympic Club In Mechanics' Pavilion
Monday evening- have not been figured
up, but Mr. Harrison, president of the
club, believes there will b* at least $1000.
This will be sent direct to the Governor
of Texas as the Olympic Club's donation
to the storm'? victims.
The following: notice has been sent all
over the State:
Th« California 5=tat# Relief Committee for
>««? Pufl>rw earnestly requests all organiza
tion* and individuals »hn have Floured rrntri
tatiens of money or supplies fnr Texas relief
end h«v<" forwarded the smr>e «li--«>rt to Tnat
14 ftirnish the s^tate Relier <'r>rr m:tt<^> witli a
llvf ei Mjch c>nt rifr>uti*^n^. pi\'incr the nani^? of
tne don^r? and The amounts' coritributed. either
inon^r or pupplie? of any kin<1. in order that
a complPte rT<"-ni may b<> k^ft at this nffl'-e of
th«> r*I1"f furniFhfd bv Sen Krnn'-isco and
cue <-r»d-t p<»«t. to the r»*r*<'flv« F«ur«« from
•itlffil it famo. In r«8» the >-oT!tri but Ions wr*
tt'rr.ed in by vcu to the Mayor, to the daily
jr<-ss rfhrf fund? rr to any Dtbnr rrpanfMtion
t ¦ (.• fnvn-ar^M. kindly Ftate thp fa'-t. In orrter
T^Et th»> r^'-Td of FUbjcriptior.s made -niir not
1-*
San Frnncipro Aerie No. 5. Fraternal
Order of Eaples. forwarded on Monday
bv t^leprarh the sum of SV<^ to the suf
f^rini? brother? of CJalveston Aerie No. 4*.
S'-reiarj- Oiis Pnhlmann of San Francisco
A»Tie has received a circular from tbe
pran<i officer? of th?<irdor askinp for im
rn^iiate contributions to the general re
lief fund for the desolate city. Grand
Worthy President H. R. I^ittlefield has
appointed District Deputy Grand Prr^i
tfont Mix Samuels. Worthy President
<'har!es M. LuFk and Secretary Charles
M. Bullock, ail of Houston Aerie No. 63.
as a frx'ciaj committee to receive dona
ii"rs for the relief of the Galveston Buf
fTers end to act in conjunction with the
local relief committee. San Francisco
Aerie will also make further contribu
tions throujrh this channel.
Subscriptions were received yesterday
as follows:
n? thf ried rrom>i
¦"•!l»« D. U'nod). JKS OO
Mr*. Rtiftnell tut
Mr. Martin JO on
Strnncrr ,% on
Mrnneer r. «o
MranBfr « OO
Kr!en«l 5O
H. C. W .% oil
i. a. n i oo
rri«-n<l » OO
?IIit»i Frank S«-If rtdicr. . . . . r» O(«
*ill) I .III IH- 5 OO
<- A. linn i>en '2 oo
J. Srnutf «V Co. 2O OO
Total #71 OO
n> Mayor I'lu-Inn:
Tllrherd Ilayne *25 00
Firmt «oncr#-cntl onal
diarrh, t.lt-n Kllcn. (°al . r» OO
< nvli 1 OO
Kmployen 1. S. Mint (addi
linnall 4 OO
f lornlein «V I\ runili. ...... SS OO
btfcertr i.orfup No. 3ts>o,
!vtiiulitK of Honor 10 0O
II. llrlnkmcjpr. Ocraimlde,
(al 5 OO
AmiPitr T. HittinKcr. Oak
land 5 OO
Total *-<» O0
Chimbrr of f ummrrri'i
« !i« r'.f* »l«on *5O OO
Notice to the Public Calling for
Organization Sent Out by the
State Relief Committee.
Mexico Will Assist.
CITY OF MEXICO. Sept. 1S.-A bill has
been introduced In the Mexican Gonpress
providing for an appropriation of $50,000
for the Galveston sufferers.
Amonc those killed at Galveston were
V.. P. Smith, formerly a teacher In the
public schools of Alameda, together with
his wife and three children. He had been
giving instruction in the Galveston
schools.
The union printers of Oakland are sub
scribing f° r tnp rpli °f °f tne member? of
the Galveston Typographical I'nldn No.
36. The subscription list will close on
Thursday, when the amount collected will
be forwarded :mmedlately. The contribu
tions are being received at 371 Eleventh
street.
OAKLAND. Srpt. is.— Headquarters for
the receiving: of donations of money,
clothing: and disinfectants for the Galves
ton sufferers were opened by the Red
Cross Society this morning at 420 Four
teenth street. The rommittee in charge Is
working DXKler the direction of Mrs. I. L.
Beqaa. Durinp theafternoon over $100 In
cash was received. A special meeting of
the society v.ill be held in the rooms of
ih*» Ebell Club to-morrow morning: to dis
cuss ways and means.
Oakland Contribution.
VVOODLAND. S^pt. IS.— The total of
Woodland'." subscription to the Texas re
lief fund la J15C>.
GRASP VALLEY. Sept. 18.— M ayor
• 'llnch to-day te)r>srraphod $500 to the
Mayor of <tal\p«ton to aid In the relief of
the furring and within 'the next few
days a lik<=- amount will again go forward.
< "omn^ittep? have bfon appointed to make
a house-to-house canvass and In addition
to cash donations large supplies of cloth
ing and eatables of various kinds will be
pent to the destitute.
SANTA CRl'Z. Sept. IS.— Avalon Lodge.
KnisrhtF of Pythian. !;!st evening voted $50
for the Gulve;:ton sufferers.
Supplies to the Sufferers.
A. Ilnynnrd HO OO
Hay «fc Wrlgrht 25 OO
A. P. Welch 10 00
A. C Vreene 20 OQ
C. G. Hooker 25 OU
•fonltua. ll«-nel> M&elilne
Work* BO OO
(nnradi Ji. Goldberg 10 00
Total £1MO OO
Uy the State Committee:
Thomns Day Co..; $25 00
I. W. Hellmann Jr SO Oil
S. V. h'ly < nxiliiK flab 25 OO
I%y Mr. Spreckrlsi
J. C. WlUon A Co 9100 OO
KUdon Iron Works 100 00
My the llniil. of C'nlifnrnin :
Krirrptb-narney Co fSO OO
1 S37 6 00
< n I v it r y Presbyterian
(hnrcli 25 OO
Mary A. Keenej- 1 OO
Helen E. Keeney 1 OO
Charles V. Kerney 1 00
Innen S. Keeney 1 OO
John Doe 2 OO
m. iii-iii:».'ii 10 oo
A. J vv 1 OO
W. B. Da vl« 5 OO
Sontli S. F. PaokliiR: and
Prnvifiion Compnny 25 OO
Minn Aller 25 OO
.Mrs. I.eland Stanford Ulvl
nlon Auxiliary to (he
IlrnthThnnd of Loromo
tlvo naxlnrrrii SO OO
Totnl $472 00
Totnl for the dny S63 OO
1'reTlonnJy RrknonlpdRPil. 1J»,«O3 3«
Totnl to dnte i*2(»,46« 30
AID FROM CALIFORNIA TOWNS.
Grass Valley Forwards Money and
City Subscriptions Now Run
Well Over Twenty Thou
sand Dollars.
EIGHT HUNDRED
MORE FOR FUND
IN THE SHADOW OF THE SHORT DOLLAR.
JTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1900.
J.
W.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IX>XTK>N.- Ri>pt. 18.— The corner In Scotch
plpiron has caved in. The price was main-
tained at 77s for some time and yesterday .77s
«d oai>h was called. It collapsed to-day at 6Ss
There was a paucity of business throughout.
And works off the cold. Laxative Bromo-Qul-
nlne Tablets cure a cold In on* dav.-.No cure,
no pay. Price 23 cents. ••' , ¦ •
Stops the Cough
SENT FREE TO MEN !
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to AH Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical- Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against tho mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial pahkages to all who write. It
is a home treatment, and all men who
suffer from any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varlcocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it'ta needed
It cures all the Ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success in
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute. 32S Elektron building. Kort
Wayne, Ind.. stating that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute ls de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men-
who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed, and the free sample will enable them
to see how easy it is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness when the proper remedle*
are employed. The Institute makes no re-
strictions. *ny man who writes will ba
sent a free sample, carefully sealed In a
plain package, so that its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers are requested to write
without delay.
«fi^Xj3^*^ I do not believe there
/fejJ^ggtf&^J sia, indigestion or
E&T^^^gp -ny stomach trouble
" Ksi -Sn§ t ." iat cannot be r«*-
23 > Mim-jarey lieTed at once and
W s *$£<l£v$f permanently ruroil
\T y,Jr3f °y my DYSPEPSIA
_ j^±J^llT i ~ At ftl1 dru?srjsts,
>tl to Health and medi-
1 1 P- cal advice free. 1505
1 Arch street. Phila.
jhm3 Uk KdA SB U ] til'* j t c Y\ i r 1 is
Price 23 cents. All druggists, or sent post
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
Fo^*^ e CuPa of Gonorrhoea, Cle«ts.
strictures and analogous complaint*
of tha Organs of Ueneratlon.
Price n a bottle. For sab by dru«t*«*-BAKERSFIELD, Sept. IS.— Acting un
der instructions from the City Trustees.
Street Superintendent Yancey this morn-
Ing tore tip the rails of the Santa Fe for
half a block. The company had laid a
siding without having secured a fran
chise.
Bails Torn Up.
fpeclal DifTWtrfc to The Call.
F \N JOSE. Sept. 18.— The contest of the
will of the late Christian BoIIinger. a
l>ior»tr of this county. bepan before Judge
Ilyland th!? mornlnp. This action was in
::iU:urRtfd by Mrs. Mary L. Bollinger, but
the died a f<>w months ago. and her chll
rtren are now carrying on th^ir mother's
Jljrht. The mntter has been in the courts
two yr-ars. and only nnw. after many de
lays, has it come to trial.
Bellinger Will Contest.
fpecial Dinstrtj to Th l.
IX>S AN'GELKS. Sept. IS.— If Informa
tion in circulation In well-informed rail
road circles of th!s city may be relied
upon the presidency of the Southern Pa
cific to succeed the late Collls P. Hunt-
Ington is far from settled and Henry K.
Eftsottngtoa Is not in Hne to succeed hia
late uncle. It is argued here that had
thos« now In control of the Southern Pa
cific really Intended to place H. K. Hunt
tnztOJ) at the head of affairs he would
iiale been f-lected at the tlmo that Vice
President Tweed was made chairmen of
ihe company's l>oard of directors. Instead
of the vacancy belnp then filled a co.j
rnlttoe has been appointed to find a man
Aiual to the emergency. It is insisted
1kt«- that Henry E - Huntington s taJenls
and hi* taxability are well known to the
owicrs of the property, his ownership of
a third of his late uncle's interest having
elso recently been made public. In eplto
of these fact? he has not obtained tin
presidency and it Is therefore reasoned
that h" is not to be elevated.
It i« believed here that some well known
cctive manager of railway property w«!
!«• appointed to the existing vacancy and
indications appear to point to T. D. Truea
dale of the Delaware. Lackawanna and
Western or M. Ingalls, late of the Big
Four Bjrstem of Cincinnati.
Candidate.
Fr^ristl Wepatch to The CaJL
HTXKTINGTON'S SUCCESSOR.
His Nephew Not Considered a Strong
SEATTLE, Sept. IS.— The steamship St.
Paul arrived from Nome late to-night,
bringing further news of the great storm
which swept over the northern camp Sep
tember 2 and for three days following.
The St. Paul sailed from Nome September.
J» bvit during the few days following the
abatement of the storm her officers were
not able to gather many details of the
disasters. Passengers returning on the
St Paul say that many bodies had been
washed ashore on the beach. In the vicin
itv of Nome. Of these, so far as they
knew, only four had been Identified, and
ot these four the' St. Paul's passengers
could give no details of previous residence
or any of the surrounding circumstances.
The dead ldentllled were P. 11. Kltcat. P.
T. McNlchols, David Sinclair and Frunk
Two* schooners anchored In Nome har
bor at the time of the storm were washed
ashore and completely wrecked. One was
'the Albert Arthur B.. owned n Seattle.
The name of the other could not be
Is generally reported to have,
been the worst ever experienced since the
discovery of gold at Nome.
yesterday's reports of great Joss of
liehters are eonllrmed. the St. Paul s pas
4ngcrs bellevins that little of this class
ot oroperty escaped unharmed. The &t.
Paul brought down $300,000 in Nome gold.
The St. Paul also reports that the
steamer Samoa returned to Nome Septem
ber 7 from Siberia, where she took. un'Jer
orders of the Government authorities, the
thirty-three Russians implicated In the
nlot to seize the vessel on her previous
trio On reaching the Siberian coast, it Is
KaiTl the Russians managed to steal from
the Samoa a satchel containing $20,000.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Further News of the Storm
Brought Down on the
St. Paul.
FOUR BODIES
IDENTIFIED ON
NOME BEACH
Pr^clal Dispatch to The Call.
PETAH'JIA. Sept. IS.— The celebration
of the O*th anniversary of the Independ
ence of Switzerland will take place in
this city Thursday under the auspices of
the Sonoma and Mariff Swiss Club, and
Judging from the preparations now under
way it will rival in splendor and patriotic
fervor that of any preceding year.
The programme will be opened In the
morning \Wth a grand parade through the
principal streets of the city, which will
be> decorated in festive attire for the oc
casion. The principal features of the pa
rade will be floats representing memorable
events In the history of Switzerland. Wil
liam Tell and his son will be Impersonated
In full costume. The parade will termi
nate at the Agricultural Pavilion, where
a. literary programme ¦will be rendered.
Hon. F. A. Meyer of Petaluma will act
as president of the day. while E. Pohll
of San Francisco will deliver the oration.
The festival will be ended by a grand ball
and literary exercises at the opera-house
in the evening. ...
Those who have the celebration In
charge and those who will contribute to
the merriment of the day are as follows:
President of the day, Hon. F. A. Meyer:
orator. K. Pohll of San Francisco: grand
marshal, Victor Sartori of Falrvllle, and
the following are his aids:
Joe Ketchler, Sonoma: Joe Bonetti.
Santa Rof=a; G. Giacomlni. Olema: John
Dado. Fort Ross: A. W. Dado. Tomales;
A Wrzasconi. *'¦ Cavalll, C. ReMplnl,
Gus Ulanchini, Petaluma.
Honorary reception committee — Charles
Martin. John Respint. M. Toma«lnl. V.
Herri P. Garzoli. P. Sortori. M. Filippinl.
V Dado. A. Bettlnelll. S. B. Martlnelll,
M TomaFi. A. Martinelli. V. Bulottl, J.
Fochetti. V. Plezzl. I.. Predrotti. J. B.
Valesrgla. W. Smith. C. Campigrll. Joe
Gambetta. A. Bolla. P. Dolclnl. Joe Tra
versi C. Casarotti, T. A. Rottanzl. George
V Caralli. G. K. Antojrnlni, D. Pometta,
e! D. Bernardl. A. M. Bianchl. C. Po
metta. d. Bulettl.
V Paiftna of San Francisco will recite
the" pathetic poem (In Italian), "L'Esule."
Judges of the Superior Courts of Sonoma
nnd iiartn counties. Petaluma City Trus
trK>° Petaluma Turners and firemen and
all the Swi*s clubs of Sonoma and Marin
counties have been invited to participate.
Another Case of Smallpox.
CHICO. Sept. IS.— A second case of
smallpox was discovered near this city to
day. The patient Is a young man named
Charles Harford. who came here last
week from Marysvllle. A strict quaran
tine was established when) the patient is
confined.
Arrangements Have Been Made for a
Fitting Celebration of the
Day in SononJa
County.
ANNIVERSARY OF
SWISS INDEPENDENCE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ROSEBURG, Sept 13.— The second day
of the street fair saw a continuance of tha
good weather and a far larger crowd than
yesterday. The entire day was given over
to music and sports. This afternoon the
hose race between Roseburg and Eugene
for a purse of J200 was won by the latter
time, 60 2-5 seconds. Roseburgr's time was
52 second?. The fruit, vegetable and poul •
try exhibits are very fine. The fair ends
to-morrow night with a carnival ball. So
far It is conceded to be the most success
ful fair of any kind ever held " In Rose-
Roseburg Street Fair.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALINAS, Sept. 18.— All day to-day this
city has been enveloped In a heavy smoke,
while at times the air was most oppres
sive. The cause was that a fierce fire
is raging in the brush between Aromas
and Frunedale, several miles from here.
The fire started yesterday morning about
10 o'clock on the George King ranch and
since that time has burned over the
Smith. Archer. Read. Vlerra and other
tracts, burning all the feed and fences In
its path.
It waa estimated at 3 o'clock this after
noon that the tire had burned over 1500
acres, with little prospect of checking the
flames. As yet no houses or barns have
been consumed .by the flames. The Iops
to the various ranchers over whose prop
erty the conflagration wrought havoc
has been very large. Much valuable
timber land is In great danger If the flro
spreads and from present indications it
would seem that this will result.
Fruit Men at Peace.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LODI. Sept. IS.— The agitation over a
proposed fruit war In Xorthern San Joa
quin has apparently quieted down In the
last day or two. It Is pretty well under
stood that Porter Brothers will not inter
fere with the lx>di district this /season
and It is stated by growers that the two
companies-Earl and Porter— have reached
an agreement to that effect. The Farl
Company resumes packing this afternoon
and will rush the work through by adding
every available packer to be found Their
season promises to be very short now and
some of their consigners are leaving them
to ship with the Producers' Company
The trouble over the contracts has been
patched up by the company renewing with
all who desired or could be Induced to
take that step.
Feed and Fences Worth Thousands of
Dollars Destroyed in Monterey
County and Valuable Tim
ber Is Threatened.
FIRE BURNS OVER
HUNDREDS OF ACRES
Postmasters Appointed, Patents Is-
INTERESTS THE COAST.
sued and Pensions Granted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Sept. IS.— Postmasters
commissioned: Henry G. Wilson. War
ner, California. Appointed— C. C Mc-
Gown, Warrendale, Multnomah County,
Oregon, vice E. E. Goodlng. resigned.
The Secretary of the Treasury has
awarded the contract for the construc
tion of public buildings at Stockton to Mc-
Phec & Co. of San Francisco at $55,^.
Pensions issued to-day: California—Or
iginal—Richard O. Hunt. Newbury Park.
$S; Henry Horris, Workman. J6. Increased
—John F. Tiffany. San Diego. JS. Gr«sinal
widows— Martha H. Gessle, Tularc *?•
Mary M. Libby. Pomona. $3: Mary M
Kennoyer. Wilder, $s.
Oregon— Increase— James W. Murray
Jr.. Salem. JS.
Washington— "War with Spain, orljrlnal
Carson E. Ellis, Spokane. $12.
Patents issued to-day: California-
Christ Christensen. Oakland, voting ma
chine; Ira P. Clarke. Alameda. automatic
flusher; Hersy A. Clifford. San Francisco
vote register and recorder; George A and
R. F. Dunn. Dinuba. car; James M Gar
rison. Santa Barbara, grooving saw;
innmas K. Goth, San Francisco, crushing
and pulverizing machine: George E iloyt
San Francisco, rear compression gas en
gine; Ixniise S. Long. San Francisco
shoulder brace: Edward A. Meyer Fruit
vale, wood filling- compound: "George C
Mies, Bayslde. ca^jle grip; Edward I. Par
pons. San Francisco, assignor to Ameri
can Steel and Wire Company. Chicago
manufacture of fiat wire cable: William
H. Parsons. Great Western mine, bicvele
brake; Joseph W. Pindar, Groveland con
centrator; George R. L. Stimers, Loyal
ton, detachable saw handle.
Oregon— Joseph A. Bernardl. assignor
one-half to M. Skiff, Salem, combined
pipe cap and plug; Loui s H. Johnson E'
gene. assignor one-half to Glass & Prud
homme. Portland, trial or dailv balance
sheet; William M Semple. PendleYon!
. ° m^ ine , d buckle and snap hook; Nancy
&», T . aylor T-, McC , oy - i ence »*»«*•¦ J °hn D.
W hitton. Klngsles-. harrow attachment
A\ ashlngton-Joseph Morln. Seattle
gauge for crosscut saw > - "f*
Wages Increased.
VANCOUVER. E. C. Sept. lS.-The ar
bitrators selected to settle the question
of wages {or the machinists of the Cana
dian Pacific Railway this afternoon gave
their decision as follows: "The men from
Fort William to Lagjran to receive an in
crease In pay of 2 cents an hour. From
Laggan to Kamloops, both points exclus
1\ e, and the >\ est Kootenay to receive 1
cent Increase. Rates for young men who
have Just completed their apprenticeship
In the company's shops and all new men
engaged will be on rates of the schedule
hitherto prevailing, but the terms of pro
bation will hereafter be six months in
stead of a year for new men. and one
year Instead of two for youns men who
have Just completed their apprenticeship."
ISAIAH ZUMWALT. WHO MURDERED HIS WIFE. SON. DAUGHTER
• IN-LAW AND GRANDCHILD. AND HOPES TO ESCAPE THE GAL
LOWS ON A PLEA OF INSANITY.
PI.ACERVILLE. Sept. IS.— The trial of I
aped Isaiah Zumwalt for the mur- j
der of h!s son was begun here to- j
day. The story of the crime shock
ed Kl Dorado County.
On the evening of June 6 Isaiah Zum
walt. a resident of Diamond Springs,
cooily murdered his son. George Zumwalt.
with a rifle and then fired two more shots
r.s two women and a child rushed into the
room. Both bullets took effect and four
bodies lay lifeless on the floor of the
cahfrt v.hen the Sheriff pud his posse r>j-
rlv«d some time latei. The murdered
women v/ere the wives of the fathtr .ind
the sen and the baby was the latter's
child. The s- layer defied the officers to
tak» him for a ti.T.e. but finally needed
the advice of another son and surren
dered.
The tlder Zurrwiit had been separated
from his wife for snmf time and -livorce
proceedings were about to be Instituted.
This is thoupht to have been the cause
of the tragedy. On the day the crime
was committed the father visited the
home cf his son and after a few moments'
parley raised a rifle and kiiled him in
stuntly. The report of the weapon at
tracted the rttentk n of the two women
and thev came into the room. Mrs. George
Zumwalt cairied an infant child in her
arms. When" the angered man saw them
ho again raised the {run and ilred two
more shots. One of them struck his wife
and she fell dead. The second passed
through the head of the child and Into
the body of its mother. Neither lived for
more than a moment. Mrs. George Zum
wait as sne lay cold in death still clasped
the body of her child to her bosom.
With the bodies of his four vic
tims around him Zumwalt barricaded the
doors of the house and stationing himself
at a window with a rifle ;tnd revolver
defied the constable to arrest him. The
Inner notified Sheriff Bosquet, and he with
a posse of offjeers started for the scene,
determined to take the murderer dead or
alive. In the meantime Isaiah's other son.
Thomas, had prevailed upon his father to
make no resistance, and when the officers
came he surrendered and was placed in
the county Jail.
The prosecution !<? being conducted by
District Attorney Darlington, assisted by
Hon. Charles A. Swfsler. The defendant
is represented by Judge Fred Adams and
ex-Dlstrkt Attorney Prentiss Carpenter.
About thirty talesmen on the venireof fifty
were examined to-day and five jurors were
Fecured. It is thought that a Jury will be
obtained by to-morow evening. The de
fenre made for Zumwalt will be Insanity.
Zumwalt haa no* spoken to any ore for
months.
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
STOCKTON. Sept. IS.— The remains of
John Davis, the third of the victims of
the collision between two launches and
the steamer Dauntless at the Junction of
the Mokelumne and the San Joaquin riv
ers last Friday night, were recovered this
morning about a mile below the scene of
the nccident.
MOB HELD BACK
BY ARMED THIEF
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO. SepV- 18.— John Gor
man, who was surprised In the act
of robbing a house at the corner of
Inyo and Gilbert streets this after
noon, held a mob of over one hun
dred persons at bay for half an
hour.
He brandished a huge knife about
his head and threatened to slash
the first one who laid hands on him.
Finally one of the men slipped up
behind him and with a piece of
board taken from a fence struck
him a blow on the head. He was
then overpowered, tied hand and
foot, and taken to Jail.
Gorman entered a room where
Mrs. Katie Williamson was asleep.
When she awoke he; was rummag
ing through her bureau drawers.
He threatened to kill her if she
gave the alarm and left the house.
She screamed and attracted the at
tention of her neighbors, who pur
(sued the house-breaker. Gorman
-has been In Jail quite frequently
before.
SAN JOSE, Sept. IS.— The State Fish
and Game Commission is taking a hand
In the prosecution of the Raley-Chapman
Company for violation of the game law.
About ten days ago a raid was made on
the firm's store by the local Sportsmen's
Protective Association and six dozen
quail and a number of ducks were found.
Davis' Body Recovered.
Game Law Violated.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. lS.-'C. H. Can
field, a wood and coal dealer, whose place
of business is at the corner of Hoover
and Twenty-fourth streets, was found
dead by the roadside early this morning.
He was on his way to market and It Is
believed he was stricken with heart dis
ease and fell from his wagon. His watch
and money haa not been disturbed and
there were" no marks of violence upon his
person.
Found Dead on the Road.
Kent and Doane Buried.
Special DlJ^atch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. lS.-David J.
Kent and John T. Doane. two of the vic
tims of the disaster at the junction of the
Mokelumne and San Joaquin rivers on
last Friday night, were burled here this
afternoon. The funeral of Kent, which
took place at 2:30 o'clock, was one of the
largest ever held in this section of the
State. He was a member of the Elks and
of Sacramento Parlor. Native Sons of the
Golden West, which organizations turned
out in laree numbers to follow him to the
grave. The religious services over Kent
w«re aaid at the Cathedral of the Blessed
Sacrament by Rev. John. Qulnn. ,Doane*s
fum-ral took place at 12:30 o'clock and was
largely attended. The services were con
ducted by Rev. C. L. Mlel of St. Paul's
Episcopal Church.
Chinese papers tell of a party of nine
teen China inland missionaries who had
a shocking experience when bound out
from Shansi and six perished. The party
consisted of Mr. and Mrs. A. R. Saunders
jind children, A. Jennings, Miss Guthrie.
B J Cooper. A. A. Glover, wife and chil
dren. Miss Gates. Miss Rice. Miss Hous
ton and Mrs. Cooper were killed or died
from injuries received, together with the
two children of Mr. Saunders.
Among the passengers on the steamer
was Lieutenant Hobson of Merrimnc
fame He came from Japan, where he
was present at the raising of the battle
ship Oregon. _
VICTORIA. B. C. Sept. IS.— The steamer
Empress of India arrived to-day from the
Orient.
Empress of India.
Was a Passenger on the Steamer
HOBSON AT VICTORIA.
Hold-TJp at Chico.
CHTCO. Sept. IS.— The last of a ror'.o*
of robberies occurred this evening at
about 7 o'clock, when Dave Cornell v.-v;
stopped by marked men near the ftmffitfflri
portion of the city and robbed of $70. Dur
iriR the past week over a dozen burKlari»a
and as many hold-ups have been commit
ted in thi.> city. So smoothly do the rob
bers work that no clew can be obtained
as to th*ir tdentitv.
SALINAS. Sept. IS.— Monterey County
officers believe they have made a mnat
important capture of not only two desper
ate criminals but murderers and fugitive*
from justice. The men now In. custody
answer the description to the minutest de
tail of two men accused of murderlns a.
Sheriff in New Mexico and for whom
there is $10") reward.
The men were captured In San Lucas, a
small town In the southern part of ih-.i
county, and at the time of their arrest
were employed on the Southern Pacific
Railroad. Constable Joseph Dnsh traced
the men and effected their capture aft»r
considerable difficulty and a lively cha?o
into the Peachtree district in the foothills.
Officers in Now Mexico have been notified 1
and ¦will come here to see the prisoners
and Idrnttfy thfm.
Mexico Held at Salinas.
Men Believed to Be Wanted in New
SUSPECTS ARKEST2D.
FANTA BARBARA. Sept. IS.— The Re
publican County Convention held here to
day was one of the best attended and
most enthusiastic held in several year.*.
Hon. C W. Mcrritt. Assemblyman from
thl* county, was unanimously nominated
to succeed himself.
Merritt Renominated.
SAN JOSE. Sept. IS.— The Democratic
County Central Committee has called pri
maries for Thursday. September 20, to
<lect delegates to the county convention
to be held Monday next. Polls are to be
open In all -ihe precincts of the county
from 11 a. m. to 3 p. m. The county con
vention will name three Assemblymen, a.
Senator, three Supervisors and a, Superior
Judge.
Convention to Be Named.
FpreM Difjmch to The Call.
CALL FOB PRIMARIES.
Delegrates for Santa Clara Democratic
PORTLAND. Sept. IS.— The Presidential
f&rr.paign in Oregon was opened In this
city to-night by both Democrats and ite-
Xublicans. Senator Fairbanks of Indiana
was the principal Fpeaker at Cordoray's
Theater, where the Republican meeting
v.as held, and Charles A. Towne of Min
j.esota addressed the Democratic meeting
at the Metropolitan Theater. Neither
theater was large enougrt to contain the
crowds and overflow meetings were held.
Democrats in Oregon.
Er^cia! Dispatch to The CalL
Meetings Held by Republicans and
CAMPAIGN IS OPENED.
ventlon on the Senator GUUa Doty.
vrbo, it was expected, would leceive th<*
rumination for Senator, is paia to o-.
anxious to receive the nomination lor
ACMaUvmu in the Twenty-second As
!¦• mbly District in the country- W. A.
Gett Jr.. was slated for the Assembly in
the Twenty-first District, but he Is now
::. the race" for the Senatorial toga.
There will be another meeting of tht
ounty Committee to-morrow night, vthr-n
In all probability a '•blanket" ticket for
jrinaaries will be decided upon. In
that event the contestants for nomina
tions will have to tight their baules on
the floor of the convention. The primaries
w::; be held on the 2T.th inst. and tne con-
vry Fpiritod meeting to-night, the bont
of contention being on the .number of dei
t-^atcs that should be sent to the county
convention from the Third Supervisorial
District In this city. There are two aspi
r.irits for the nomiration in this district,
frank Lyman and Dave Ahern. A corn ¦
| r 'm.."e wa? effected by both agreeing on
tix:y delegates being sent to the conven
tli n. Thirty d< legates were apportioned
t the north tide and thirty to the soutn
t-:ie of K Etreet in the district. There
v. :\l be three polling places on each side.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. IS.— The Demo
cratic County Central Committee held a
tral Committee Held.
>r ""¦*¦! IMJTWtch to The CaSL
Spirited Session of the County Cen-
SACHAIuXNTO DEMOCRATS MEET
Irt off one Wright, a friend of Parker,
who hftd Iwvn convicted ot battery and
who was tined foO for the offense.
Unj r.f the Southern Pacific Company,
v.hnm he al'eeed was in a scheme to de
feat his nomination. He charged that
Parker"? antaponism came about because
he (Owens) while Police Judge refused to
excitement was when ex-Judge M. T.
< >w( ::s took the platform during the after
noon to place himself In nomination as
Superior Ju«2c<* for the short term. Judge
« jwons took occasion to administer a red
h^t roast on Bank Examiner W. F. X.
Parker, claiming that Parker. was a hlre-
The convention now has yet to nomi
nate one State Senator for the Thirty-
Feventh District, three Assemblymen, two
Supervisors and several Justices of the
1'eaee and Constables.
The only incident creating any degree of
LOS ANGELES, Sept. IS.— The Los An-
Ceies Republican County Convention was
:n session to-day frora 10 o'clock la the
morni&g until it adjourned at 1939 o'clock
this evening, to reconvene to-morrow
Xwcmir.g at lu o'clock. Tne proceeding*
ura£ge<i Jrora start to finish and only one
incicent occurred during the time of the
convention to cause the leajst particle of
c-xciternent-
The y succeeded in effecting a permanent
organization; parsed resolutions indorsing
tiie administration and tne customary
loutine In such n:atteri=. and finally nomi
i.ateu one Superior Judge for the unex
j-ired term ol two ye-ars and two Judges
::¦ the same court for the long term of
tix years. Tht Assemblyman from the
Seventy-fifth District. N. P. Conrey. re
ceived the short term nomination, beat
ing Judge \V. P. James and ex-Police
Judge M. T. Owens for the place. Judge
Waldo P. Yorke of Pasadena, the in
cnxnbent, received one of the nomina
tions for the long term on the first bal
lot, winning away from Judge W. F.
Fitzgerald, Assemblyman L. 11. Valentine.
Hon. Horace Beli. Judge Frank R. Willis
i-r.<i Byron M. Marble. It took two more
ballots to decide to whom the second
nomination should go. L. H. Valentine
von out in the third ballot by a hand
some majority.
•peclal Dlsj.atch to Tfce OUL
Zx-Judge Owens Roasts Bank Exam
iner Parker, Accusing Him of
Bsing a Hireling of the
Southern Pacific
Permanent Organization Is Effected and
Resolutions Adopted Indorsing
the Administration.
1 An El Dorado County
Farmer in Court at
Placerville.
History of Crime for
Which He Must
Answer. \
Superior Judges Nominated
for the Long and snort
Terms.
REPUBLICANS
I N CONVENTION
AT LOS ANGELES
SACRAMENTO, Sept. !S.-Oeorge Putt- j
man, a convict in the Folsom State j
Prison, who had previously been found t
guilty of the murder of another convict j
named John Showers and sentenced to.be ;
hanged, was to-day resontenced by Judge |
Hughes of the Superior Court. This time ;
the hanging was set for October 5 next, j
Puttman was sent to Folsom from San j
Francisco in September. IS'jo. for ten years j
for burglary. He had been an associate i
of the Major bovs of Oakland and was |
greatly attached to Abe Majors, who Is ;
now in a Utah jail uoder a reprieve from ;
& sentence to be shot for murder. Show- i
ers, it was alleged, turned State's evidence j
agninst Alajor s lather, who iiad been
banged for murder. For this he was
staboed to death by Puttman.
At the time Showers met his death he
was serving a life sentence at Folsom. j
Puttman's case was carried to the Su
preme Court, which lately affirmed the
judgment and oider of the lower court. |
When asked by Judge Hughes to-day if
he had anvthinf? to say why judgment
should not" be pronounced. Puttman re
mained seated, out his attorney objected
to the proceedings upon the ground that
the court was without Jurisdiction be
cause the homicide had been committed
within the walls of a State prison, and
while Putiman was a ward of the State
whose civil rights had been taken from
Mm and therefore was incapable of de
fending himself and civilly was dead.
The further objection was made that no
crime had been committed because Show
ers, at the time he was killed, was serv
ing a life sentence an-1 was therefore
legallv dead.
It was also contended that Puttman had
never been Indicted by a Grand Jury, and
that the court could only impose sentence
to take effect after the ten years' sen
tence, which Puttman was serving at the
time he killed Showers, had expired.
Puttman's sfttorney also pleaded Insanity
as the cause of his client's act, and asked
that the court have the sanity or insanity
of Puttman determined in the manner
prescribed by law. Judge Hughe? over
ruled all the objections to the court re
sentencing Puttman.
Puttman was then told for the second
time that he must die for the killing of
Showers. The condemned man betrayed
no emotion whatever when he heard the
words of the Judse directing that he be
hanged on Friday. October 5. Puttman
was taken to Folsom in a hack by Deputy
Sheriffs Hlnters and • Couran.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Judge Hughes Refuses to Take Cog
nizance of the Argument and
' Sentences liim to Be
Hanged in October.
Was Convicted of the Murder of John
Showers, Who Was Serving
a Life Term.
Strange Plea Mafle Dy
George Puttman' at
Sacramento.
MURDERER SAYS
HIS VICTIM WAS
LEGALLY DEAD
Besides the son, at whose residence ho
passed away, Mr. Devlin leaves to mourn
his loss Attorney Robert T. Devlin, a
member of the State Hoard of Prison Di
rectors: William II. Devlin, an attorney
at law. and Frank J. Devlin, encased in,
the insurance business in San Francisco.
Mr. Devlin was a widower, his wife hav
ing died in 1S.V* in this city. The funeral
will take place to-raorrow "afternoon from
his son's residence.
There to a general expression of sir
row among his old-time friends in this
city when they heard that he had grive:i
up life's strug5Tl»-:s. His manner toward,
others was a lesson to the youths, wha
had the deepest regard for him became
cf his uprightness and desire to do good
by others.
The deceased came to this State from
Johnstown. Pa.. In lSi2. Upon his arrival
in California he went to work in the mines
and subsequently engaged in business in
this city until about eighteen or twenty
years ago, when he retired from business
life. He -was always conscientious anil
honest In h'3 dealings with others and
was a stanch advocate of the gulden rule,
lie was possessed of a genial nature. an<i
on every occasion endeavored to make
life as pleasant as» possible lor every ore.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. IS.— Robert Dev
lin, one of Sacramento's oldest citizens
and one who had tre esteem and respect
of everybody In this community, died la
this city this rnornirig at the residence of
Ms son. Edward J. Devlin, city editor or
the Bee. Mr. Devlin had been sick for a
long time past and fc!s death was due to a
general breaking down of ihe physical
structure. He was 75 years of age and a
native of County Tyrone. Ireland.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Was Noted Among His Business "As
sociates for Uprightness and a
Strict Observance of the
Golden Hale.
Came to California in the Early Fif
ties and Engaged in Mining
Ventures.
Has ol Late Resided in Sac
ramento, Where He Was
Very Popular.
ROBERT DEVLIN,
AGED PIONEER,
PASSES AWAY
AGED ISAIAH ZUMWALT
ON TRIAL FOR MURDER
Entire Day Occupied in the Examination of
Jurymen and Five Are Secured.
Defense Will Be Insanity.
Biblical Institute, member of Napa Quarterly
Conference. Ernest Grigs and H. A. Atkinson.
schools, members of the Petaluroa Quarterly j
Conference.
San Jose district— John Klrby. presiding el
der, postofflce Alaineda; Antloch. O. II. Van
Vllct: Berryessa. S. Kinsey: Bnntwood. R. K.
Atkinson: Byron. A. S. Gibbons: Evergreen.
Carroll Spencer, supply; Farminsrton, C. E.
Pettis; Gilroy. T. A. Town^r: Gonzales. sup
plied: Haywanis. W. B. Prlddy; Holiister. J.
W. Bryant: Uvtrmore, Carl M. Warner; Lin- |
rien. I>. R. Fulmpr: L*w-k«-ford. Robertson
Hurley; Lodi and Acampo. James Jeffrey: Mar
tinez, Thomas Leak; Modesto. F. C. Lee: Mor
tran Hill. W. J. Peter*: Newman. Frank Hind
son; Oakdale. Richard P.od«!a; Paclflc Grove, j
\V. C. Gray: Salinas. A. 11. X'Klham. i=an ;
Jose — Centtlla K. F. Brown: First Church,
Alfred Ki:mmer; Webster Street. Wesley Den
nett Pan I-eandro, Frank K. Walton: Sor.ora.
James ElackWee; Soulsbyville. C. H. wood.
Stockton-^CentraJ. W. C. Evans: Clay Street.
A. C. Welch. Tracy. W. K. Miller; Watson- ,
ville. George Clifford; Westport. supplied: j
Westpolnt anl Glencoe, to be supplied; Wainut
Creek. J. R. Stanley; Valley Spring?, J. H. j
Aioswarth.
Oakland district— Robert Bentley. presiding
elder: Oakland First Church. K. R. Dllle; Ches
ter-street. M. H. Alexander: Elschth Avenue.
A. T. Xeedham; Golden Gate, Fay Donaldson: j
Shattuck Avenue. O. E. Hotle; Thirty-fourth [
Street. W. S. l*rmv: Fourth Avenue. E. B. 1
Winning; Fruftvale. C. G. Mllnes. lierkeley— |
Trinity. C. K. Jennys: West. B. Crook; Ui.xcn. ;
Henry Pearce; Wcollan.l. J. A. Van An-la;l«»n- |
r.lfran and Williams, J. W. Kuykendall; urlan.l
! and Germantown. W. C. Sawyer: CornlnK. C.
i K. Rich: Red Blurt. T. J. Murrlsh: Redding.
K. E. Wer.k; Keswick, C. O. Osnam: Kound
Mountain mission and Kr.ob Hill mission. W. .
! A. Markbam; Dunsmulr. W. C Trudgeon;
i KdRPwnoJ, W. C. Robins: Etna, Mr. Swlthen
| bank: Fort Jones. T. R. Bartley: Yreka. J. K.
! Wright: Klamathon, J. U. Simmons; Bi^ps,
I F. A. Keast; Chico, Seneca Jones: Mar>""vllle,
O. J. Cbase; Yuba City. W. A. Johns: Sutler
; City. J. W. Pendleton: John Thompson, asent
! California Bible So<-lety: A. X. Fisher. e*lltor
Patlflc Christian Advocate: Jrsse Smith, super
j intendent of senmen's work in Oakland and
i San Francisco: J. E. Stubb*. president of the
I Nevada State University.
! San Francisco district— W. W. Case. presi;51n<
i eMtr: Alameda. Flr«'. Church. K. I". Dennett;
I Santa Clara Avenue. Hugh Copeland; Campbell.
A. J. Hanson: Collcg? Park. W. P. Grant: Half
moon Bay. C. S. Morse; Lorenzo. F. W.
Gray: I.os Gatco C. K. Winning: Mayfleld. E.
!¦«. Robertson; New Almaden. J. W. Buxtcn:
Palo Alto. U. M. Burwell; Redwood. J. J.
Martin. San Francisco— California Stre*i. A.
C. Hane: Ontral. S. D. Ilutsir.ptller; Epworth.
W. M. \VoodwarrJ; Fifteenth Avenue. A. An
derson: First Church. F. K. Bak»r: (.race. |
J. X. Heard; Howard Street. J. A. B. Wilson; j
Potrrro, S. 51. Woodward; Richmond, A. E.
I'lrlch; Hmr>?on Memorial. John Stephens;
Trinity, M. D. Buck. ganta Clara. IL E.
Mitr.es: Panta Cruz. E. IX McCreary: Sara
topra. C. F. Coy; Sausalito, supplied. Ell Mc-
Clish. president; M. S. Cress, professor: H.
B. Heacock. financial afrent of the University
of the Paclflc. H. H. Hall and W. H. Scott,
chaplains In the ITnlted States army; J. II.
Macomber and J. A. Potter, chaplains In the
I'nlted States amy; George W. Ueatty, Charles
McKelvey. chanlain and Kuperintendent of the
Crocker Old People's Home; M. C. RriRps, field
secretary of the California Ptate Sabbath Asso
ciation; E. L. Thompson, left without apppotnt
nient, to attend some one of oui; schools; F.
1). Bovard. editor California Christian Advocate;
Thomas Filt»en. superintendent of moral and
prudential management of Pacific Grove; W. D.
Crabb. work amonsr the seamen; E. W. Van LV
ver.ter. superintendent Nevacia Mission: J. W.
Phelps, E. E. Dodze, John Telfer, F. R. Wln-
For. T. H. Nicholas. Theodore Taylor. Joseph
Johns. 1>. S. Wl^stead. G. H. Greenfield,
George C. King, mlssfonarles to Nevada Mis
sion.
Sacramento district— W. S. Matthew, presid
ing elder; Amador. William Burrhett: Auburn.
J. P. Macauley; Courtlanil, C. F. Wllhrow;
Downlevtlle. I). W. Calfee: Dutch Flat. E. P.
F. Dearborn; Elk Grove, L. P. Walker; Fair
Oaks and Orangrevale, II. C. Langley; Fernley,
supplied: Florin. A. C. Dur.can: Folsom. W.
It. Gober: Forbestown. G. W. Kmt^n: Forest
Hill, supplied: Georgetown. Allen Bartley:
Grass Valley. T. A. Towner: Honcut. Thomas
Murlsh: lone. E. M. Hill; Jackson. F. A. Mor
row; Nevada City. William An^wln: New
castle. Channlns Richardson: North Bloomfleld.
John Tomblyn; North San Juan. D. W. ChH
*on; Oak Park. Wllney Martin: OroTilie. C. H.
Reechg-ood : Penryn. W. C. Howard : Pine Grove,
supplied: Pleasant Grove and Sheridan. J. H.
Hinds: Placervllle. E. II. Mackay; Plym-nith.
C. H. Darling: Roseville and Rocklln. J ; L.
Eurchard. Sacramento — Central. J. B. Chyno
weth; Sixth Street, S. J. Carroll. Sutler Creek.
James Whitaker. G. M. Richmond left with
out appointment to attend one of our schools.
Pacific Japanese mission — M. C. Harris, su-
I perlntendent Paclflc Coast district: Fresno,
Genshichl Tsuruda; Los Angles. Morlzo Yo
fhlda; Oakland, supplied: Portland. S. Kugl
. mlya: Riverside. T. Tamazakl; Sacramento.
i Yctaro Koudc: San Francisco. Kyueoro Oba
. ta; San Jose. Moto Akazawa; Stockton, to be
supplied: Vacaville. Kctaro Kawasl; Watscn
vllle. T. Saijo: An^lo- Japanese Training
School. YcsM S>ike Cacon.
: Hawaii district— G. L. Pearson, presldlnsr el
der: Honolulu (English). G. L. Pearson: Hono
lulu (Japanese). Hokashichl Kihara; Hana, rf.
Ihal: Hllo. supplied: Kula. T. Goml: Lahalna.
I Etsaku Toklmasa; Walpau ar.d Alea, Talhel
I Takahashi.
Zenjiro H!nj,ta. narut>">shi Kawasuml and
Sayeno?hl Kawashlma. left without appoint
ments to attend school.
I Chinese district — J. E». Hammond, presiding
¦ elder; Oakland, Walter N. For.*; Sacramento,
• Yue Kwai; San Francisco. Chan Lok Shan?;
¦ San Jose, Jee Eck; Stockton, to b« supplied.
Southern Conference.
I.OS ANGELES. Sept. IS— The Southern
California Methodist Conference will con
vene here to-nlcht and be In session one
week. Bishop Hamilton of San Francisco
will preside.
Divines Exchange Pulpits — Resolutions
Commendatory of Bishop Hamilton
Special Dispatcli to Tlie Call.
ASSIGNMENTS MADE
BY M. E. CONFERENCE
PACIFIC GROVE. Sept. IS.— Rarely •
Indeed have the members of the |
California Annual Conference gone r
to their several homes so worn j
out with the almost overwhelming j
amount of work a.« they did to-day. ,
The session of this conference has
been all too- short for the business j
to be transacted, but the crowding was ;
unavoidable on account of the Bishop's j
having to be in Los Angeles in time to |
open the Southern California Conference j
to-morrow. Business, therefore, waa !
pushed up to the very last moment in j
committee, cabinet and public sessions. |
The change in the arrangement of dis
tricts has made the cabinet business es
pecially difficult this year, and the
Bishop and presiding e'.ders worked upon
the ministerial appointments until Just
before the adjournment of the confer
ence. The present arrangement contains ,
five instead of four English districts, viz..
San Francisco, Sacramento, Oakland.
Napa and San Jose, and the new Pacific
Japanese Mission containing the entire
Pacific . Coast section and Hawaii, the
Swedish and the Chinese districts.
The final session of rhis conference was
called to order at 8 a. m.. Dr. E. R. Dllle
presiding, and the tirst business of the \
morning: was* hearing reports of commit- !
tees not heard yesterday. The report of |
the committee on "State of the Country i
provoked a similar controversy, though ,
of a much milder character, as was j
caused last night by ihe temperance re- |
port. The report was finally adopted, af
ter all that tended toward a political char
acter or toward committing the confer
ence to any political policy had been elim
inated.
Bishop Hamilton arrived at 9:15 and
took charge of the' conference. After the
report of the committee on Japanese mis
sion work. Dr. M. C. Harris, formerly
presiding elder of the old Japanese dis
trict, nor,' divided from the conference,
made a few farewell remarks. Dr. \V. C.
Evans of Stockton offered the following
resolution, which was adopted by a unan- i
imous rising vote:
\Vherea5. The General Conference has sta
tioned the Rev. Bishop John W. Hamilton, D.
1>., LL.. U.. as resident Bishop at San Fran
cisco, and the Board of Bishops has designated
htm as the president of our conference for 19G0.
Wl:er?as, We have greatly enjoyed his pres- ;
ence among us and he has captured our hearts |
by his brotherly treatment, and
Whereas, We look to him to lead 'us In a
great forward movement during his residence
on the Pacific Coast, therefore be it
Resolved. That we will most gladly and
cordially receive him as our presiding Bishop
at any time he shall be eent to us by the
board of Bishops, and therefore, be it
Resolved. That we respectfully and earnestly
! urge. In view of the special conditions existing
on this coast, that his colleagues of the Board
or Bishops return him to preside over our con
ference in the fall of 1901, and further
Resolved, That our secretary be instructed
to forward a copy of these resolutions to the
Board of Bishops at their spring meeting In 1901.
W. C. EVANS. r-
E. U. DILLE.
5- J. CARROLL.
S. McCLISIL
ALFRED KUMMER.
J. X. BEARD.
JOHN A. B. WILSON.
The following persons were then elected
trustees of the University of the Pacific:
C. P. Bailey. J. H. Brush, O. A. Hale.
George D. Kellogg. Mrs. Helm Kings
bury, Theophilus Kirk. T. C. McChesney,
Volney Taylor, D. C. Coummy. Theodore
Turner, H. E. Williamson, John A. B.
AVilpon; to fill vacancies caused by resig
nations — Judge J. R. Lewis and Bishop
J. \V. Hamilton.
The final disciplinary questions were
taken up and the glasses of the first and
second years' studies being called upon,
reported.
K. Kawasl was transferred from the
South Japan conference, a resolution of
sympathy and pledges of help to the
Galveston sufferers was unanimously
passed, the day's minutes were adopted
without reading, the appointments were
announced and the conference adjourned
sine die.
The appointments in the various
churches as announced are as follows:
Napa district— H. G. Gale, presiding elder;
Albion and Fort Uragfr, J. W. Cullen: Anderson
Valley. II. C. Richardson; Arcata, L. Fellers;
Henlcia. Hugh Baker: Hlocksburs. "William
Jenson: Bloomfield. H- J. Wilson; Callstojra. H.
C. Tallman; CloverdaT*.- A. J. Adams; Crescent
City. C N. Goldor; Eureha. J. H. Wythe Jr.;
Ferndale. W. S. Kelly; Falrfleld, J. C. Bolster;
Forestvllle. J. L Case; Fortuna, E. D. Haley;
Garbervllle. A. Q. Horse; Guernevllle, G. M.
Meese; Healdsbunr, supplied; Kelseyvllle and
Ixjwer I*ake, H. A. I5u<kner; Manchester and
Greenwood, A. Holbrook; Mlddletown. H. W.
Baker; Napa, J. H. X. Williams; Occidental,
F. W. Lloyd; Olema, C. G. Lukas; Peachland.
T. V. Hopkins: I'enn Grove. B. B. Conner;
Petaluma. T. A. Atkinson; Petrolla. G. W.
Beattle; Point Arena. S. E. Crowe; Pope Val
ley. F. L. Xeweomb: ,Rohnervi!?e. J. F. Wll
1 son: Round Valley. Indian Mission. I*. Pchll
' lender: St. Helena, J. Robinson: Pan Rafael,
J William Marshall: Sebastopol, T. B. Palmer;
I Smith River. J. M. Smith; Sonoma. J. J. Par
dee; Santa Rosa. E. R. Willis: Ukiah. H. J.
Wlnsor: Ukiah Indian Mission. L. Ewing;
Vacavllle. Colin Anderson: Vallejo. James Wil
liams; Willlts. John Williams: Windsor, E.
I*icell. D. A. Hayes, professor in Garrett
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL.. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1900.
bur&
3
m^\ men
YJJx sr~*(k LOST VIGOR
ffi%^7T) RcSTOREO!
\M -**> C&11 tr writ* fi?ko«:. free.
J|§W^^ 03. COOPER & CO.,
Dr. Bennett's Electric Bell
Makes weak men and woraen ttrong and «tror?
men and women stronger. Roonia i and i. 47
Post St.. San Francisco Cal,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IT'S UP TO YOB!
YOUGETTHEM CHEAP
H?re Is your chance. A bran new
line of Ladies" Vicl Kid Lace Shoe*
Just received. Very latest style of
wide coin toes and either klrl or patent
leather tips and with double soles. W»
; ordered them for winter and they
should have been leather-lined, but the
manufacturers irade them linen-lined
and we rejected them. We Intended
to sell them at J3.C0 a pair, but on ac-
count of the lining we bought them
cheap and will offer them at !*1.*»."» a
pair. All sizes and widths.
Men's A'a.'ka Seal Lace Shoes.
Guaranteed waterproof. La.t?st styles.
Double soles and extension edge?,
?X<M> a pair: with cork aoles. $3.T»(>
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
10 Third St., San Francisco.BOSTON, Sept. 18. — Boston made H four
utraiKht to-day. Attendance, TOO. Score:
Clubs-^- R. H. E.
Boston 1* 18 0
Chicago S 10 1
Hatterieo — PlttenRT and Sullivan; Cunning
ham and Dexter. Umpire— Murray.
BROOKLYN. Sept IS.— St. Louis played rinps
around Brooklyn to-day and won In a walk.
Attendance, 800. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Brooklyn ..2 7 6
St. Louis.... '. 9 13 4
Batteries— WeyhJnK. Kennedy and McOulre;
Young and Robinson. Umpire — Gaffney.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 18.— To-day's gamo
between Philadelphia and Cincinnati was close
to the finish and the victory of the locals was
due principally to Newton's wildnesa. At
tendance, 1100. Score:
Clubs- R. H. B.
Cincinnati .*. 4 12 2
Philadelphia 6 9 1
Batteries— Newton and Peltz; Fraser and
McFarland. Umpire— Hurst.
NEW YORK, Bept. 18.— Plttsburg beat New
York this afternoon by hitting the ball at the
proper time. Hawley was hit' safely sixteen
times. Attendance, 1000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Pittsbure 9 16 2
New York 4 9 '^ 4
Batteries— Waddell and Zlmmer; Hawley and
Bowerman. Umpire— Snyder.
American League Games.
KANSAS CITY, Sept. 18.— Kansas City, 9;
Buffalo, 6.
DETROIT. Sept, 18.— First game: Detroit,
T: Minneapolis, 2. Second came: Detroit, S;
Minneapolis, 2. *
CHICAGO, Sept. 18. — Chicago, 1; Indlanap
olifl. S.-
MILWAUKEE, Sept. 18.— Milwaukee, 2;
Cleveland, 3.
Elkes in Good Form.
BOSTON, Sept. 18.— Harry Elkes . won
the first of a series of three races, motor
motor-paced .race from Jimmy Michael in
plonship of .the world by riding 35 miles
722 vards In 50:20 3-5, against kelson's 34
miles 150 <. yards in 57:411-5, at Charles
River Park this evening.
Stinson Beats Michael.
WORCESTER. Mass., Sept. 18. T W. C.
Stlnson of Cambridge: won a twenty-mile
motor-paced rate from Jimmy Michael In
this city to-night. Time. 38 :1a. 2-5.
Special Dispatch to The Call
STOCKTON, Sept. 18.— The second day's
racing was a vast improvement over
yesterday, both as to attendance and pro
gramme. It was announced as ladies' day
and the grandstand was aflutter with au
tumn finery. The scene gave the famous
grand stand a touch of old-time life and
Interest. The programme was not up to
that provided for the next four days, but
the pacing race, which was the card, pos
sessed enough uncertainty as to result to
float plenty of pools and excite interest.
It was termed a 2:25 class and the purse
was $500.
There were five entries— Queen, Tags,
FTederieksburg. Maud R. Jennie S and
Cleon. Tags and Frederlcksburg were the
favorites in the pools. In the first heat
Tags led to the quarter. From there to
the half Fredericksburg and Tags were |
nose and nose. Queen went off her feet I
at the quarter, but managed to finish
within the limit. The horses went under
the wire In the following order: Freder-
Icksburg'. Tags, Jennie S, Cleon and
Queen. Maud R was distanced. Time,
2:14%.
In the second heat Tags crossed the
wire half a length ahead of Fredericks
burg, who was two lengths ahead of Jen- I
nie S, with Cleon out of sight and Queen
distanced. Time, 2:15. The third heat
went to Tags by a length over FYeder
icksburg. with Cleon third and Jennie S
fourth. Time, 2:13. Tags took-the fourth
heat, making him three out of five and
winning the race. Fredericksburg second, I
Jennie S third and Cleon fourth divisions
of the purse. Coming down the stretch
Cleon tore the boot off her forefoot and
cut herself badly. Time, 2:16.
The other races were rather tame, but
lively enough to keep the money in circu
lation. Results:
Pacing. 2:25 class, purse $500.
Tags (C. Billow) 2 111
Frederlcksburu (C. F. Bunch) 12 2 2
Jennie S (J. SansfSter) 3 3 4 3
Cleon (W. O. Durfee) 4 4 3 4
The Queen fllodgres) 5 d
Maud U (J. Shaner) d
Time— 2-.14V4, 2:14, 2:14. 2:16.
Mixed trot and pace. 2:35 cla£s.
Frank Kurnan (F. Haney and M. San
ders) 2 11
Fred S (H. H. Hellman)..... 12 3
rhisk (O. Drake) ;... 3 3 2
Pan Lewis Prince (G. Kneler) d
Time— 2:29%, 2:26%, 2:23^.
Running, seven furlongs, puree $150.
Tenrlca (Brown) 1
Dolore (Frawleyl 2
San Augustine (Fearry) 3
Time, 1:29%.
Beaumonde and Manzanllla also ran. McFar
lane left. •
Runntnfr. six furlongs, purse $125.
Alvero (Ed Tlerny) l
Rodegap (Trimble) I
El Estro (Shucrough) 3
• Time. 1:17.
Fear Not and Slippery Elm also ran. Kyletta
left.
DRUGGISTS ASK THAT DUTY
ON OPIUM BE ABOLISHED
National Wholesale Association Also
Passes Resolution Denouncing
the War Stamp Tax.
CHICAGO. ' Sept. IS.— Importation of
np-um into the T'nited States free of duty
was advocated at the opening of th«> twen
ty-sixth annual convention of the Na
tional Wholesale Drupgists 1 Association
here to-day. The plan to abolish the duty
on the drug was urged as a means to
rrake its use more available and save to
the drugpists $300,000 a year now paid to
the Government as duty on the 20fi/NKi
pounds of opium annually imported.
Opium was declared to be discriminated
against by the Government In a false be
lief that a heavy duty on the drug dis
couraged the opium habit.
The proposition to petition Congress
was referred to a special committee. The
convention also adopted a report denounc
ing as class legislation the war stamp
tax. The convention will continue three
days.
BLACK PARTY WINS
SANTIAGO ELECTIONS
Selects Delegates to the Constitu
tional Convention and Makes
Demonstration.
BANTIAflO. Cuba, Sept.- IS.— The elec
tions for delegates to the constitutional
convention have resulted in favor of the
black party throughout this entire prov
ince, and the whites now openly declare
themselves to be annexatlonists.
Ten thousand colored men. who had
woritr-d themselves iit> almost to a frenzv.
and wearing; badges containing: a skull
nnd rrossbones. signifying death to the
republican parly, paraded through the
principal streets of the city last night,
carrying candles and torches.
A mock funeral of the republican party
was held to-day and was attended by
about lt«*> colored persons. The white
people are cautious and are avoiding con
flicts. g
SPECULATED WITH MONEY
BELONGING TO THE FIRM
Suspension of Hatch & Foote, Stock -
Brokers, in New York, Is
Announced.
NEW YORK. Sept. IS.— The announce
ment was made in the Stock Exchange to
lay i;f the suspension of Hatch & Foote.
The failure is supposed to have been
hastened by the illness of one of the par
ties and is not considered an important
one.
The firm of Hatch & Foote has been in
•xistenee since January 1. 1870. Mr. Foote.
according to the statement of the senior
partner, has been speculating with the
linns money for several years and sus
tained losses which will apKresate $2'X>.<i<R
Knowledge of this reached Mr. Hatch
about Heptrmber 1. Mr. Foote If very 111
with paralysis and his recovery 1= doubt
ful. Mr. Hatch believes that Mr. Foote's
sickness was brought on by anxiety over
his losses.
FRENCH TROOPS DEFEATED
BY BEARBAR TRIBESMEN
PARIS. Sopt. lR.-Tho Ministry of War
announce? that new? hap be?n received
of flRhtlns: between the troops forming
a French Saharan outpr>«=t near Tlmlmonn
and the Hearbar tribesmen. The French
troops under Colonel Conette fought two
engagements ami finally returned to Tim-
Imoun without behiK molested.
The dl.-patch is vaRue, but says clearly
that the French lost twenty-six men killed
and wounded. Including two officers killed.
Reinforcements are on their way to
Timlmoun.
RAILWAY PRESIDENTS MEET.
Discuss the Formation of Transcon
tinental Association/
NEW YORK. Sept. 1)\— Amnnp the mat
ters considered to-day at the quarterly
conference of railway presidents was the
partial failure of the plan formulated last
June for appointing district committees
ux Fiich centers as Si. Paul. Kansas City,
Omaha, Chicago and St. Louis.
With the conclusion ot the afternoon
session the conferene:- adjourned to meet
XEW YORK. Sept. IK.— A dlnpatch from London was published In the A
T nlied States on Aurupi 20 announcing that the caupe of Bright'? disease J
had been discovered by "Dr. Evid Brown, formerly of New York and now of 1
Home." Dr. William Ovid Moore, late of New York City and now of Rome. 3
asks that a correction be made, lie pays: ... - • 3
"At The last international medical 'congress ft paper was read by Dr. Wil- 4
liam Ovid Moore eivinp anaccount of his discovery of the mysterious poison *j
which causes th<* symptoms of Briphffi <5lsea.«e and in many other ailments. *i
This poison Is a heavy, polden yellow liquid, which In appearance resembles 1
olive oil. Rabbits which have received Injections of this poisonous Ingredient 3
of the human body have succumbed in convulsions within a few hours." 4
Dr. Evid Brown Says It Is a Poisonous
Liquid Contained in the Human Body.
OFFICERS OF ODD FELLOWS.
Sovereign Grand Lodge Appropri
ates $1500 for Galveston
Sufferers.
RICHMOND. Vi.. Sept. IS.— The Sov
ereign Grand I>»lge of Odd Fellows to
day elected these officers:
tirand sire. A. '". Cable. Ohio.
lx»puty grand .-Ire. John ti. Goodwin
Georpia.
<;rand (secretary, j. Frank Grant, Haiti
more.
Grand treasurer. 11. Richard Muckle.
Pennsylvania.
A resolution appropriating S1W) to th"
GalvesMon sufferers was passed.
Surcrical Dressing* Needed
NEW ORI.KAXS. Sept. is._r> neral J.
B. Vine*, president of the Ftod Crop? So
ciety of the State of Louisiana, received
to-day ¦ telegram from Mi^s c] a ra liar
ton, now at Galveettm. as follows:
•Tine er»atest immediate needs here are
furcical dn-Ksinjrs. usual medicines and
<V!icac!cs for the *!ck. «Co epidemic but
many p^oplo :-re worn nut with sufferini:
enrt exertion who need tendtr carp and
proper food."
aRiiin In this city December 5. None of
tho questions discussed by the conferees
was settled. The formation of a transcon
tinental paFSpriRor association waa dis
cussed at length. No decision was
renrhed.
HAS FOUND THE CAUSE
OF BRIGHT'S DISEASE
STEEL FIRMS AGREE
Result of the Deal Will Be the Dis
mantling of Big Mills.
riTTSIUR<;. Pa.. Sept. lS.-The Amer
ican Sheet Steel Company and the R*-.
public Iron and Pte*>l Company have en
tered into an nrranuemfnt by which th«
Conner withdraw! from the merchant bat
trnde tad the latter from sheet produc
tion. *n thi? deal the sheot company ha?
v*>«Mir''<i th* eh«et mills <>f the Republic
Bt Toledo. Ironton. Hazejtnn and Younirs
town. Ohio, and Alexandria. Ind.. and wil!
dismantle them, al'intr with three sheet
milis «t Bbelton. I'a. Th" Republic nets
the hip liar mill o fthe |{ph vps j.Ihju at
Canal Pnvor. Ohio, and will remove th<
STATES GENERAL OPENED
BY QUEEN WILHELMINA
In a Speech From the Throne, She
Expresses the Hope Arbitration
Will Be Successful.
THE HAGUE. Sept. IS.—The States
3«nera] srere reopened to-day by Queen
Kllhclmlna; who was accompanied by the
Jueen'fl mother. In a Fr^ch. from the
Lhronc her Majesty referred to th«* con
tinued friendly relation! with foreign
co-ir.tri<n». with the exception of China.
>nd mentioned that the conventions of the
fwnoe convention had hoen ratified by al
mon all the power?. The Queen said:
"I hope the International Bureau of Ar
bitration Tribunal •»il! shortly be e«tai>-
Utbed here and that it will Till the end for
which it was founded by assisting more
peaceful Feulement of the differences be
mwn nations. ;:s :« work of importance
whi'-h oar.not Ih» too highly rated.*'
The only direct references to the South
African war nnd the Chinese troubles
were in h«r Majesty** mention of "the two
deplorable events" neoes:=itntin*? the pres
ence of Netherlands warships for the pro
t-Hniop of Hollanders.
H< r Majesty pronounced the finances of
the country to )>e in a satisfactory condi
tion, but said further taxation measures
were nece«*ary. principally to cover the
cost of compulsory education.
TELEGRAPHER
Old-Time Associat
nual Meetin
ST. PAtTL, Sept.
fpr^rl"''ts' Associati
n;r«tlnjr in tWs ci
Canada. b*s chotsen
met tins and the fo
elected:
President. L. B. M
Vice president. J.
tawa.
Becretanr-treaminer
Totlc. .
President Harry H
the convention 1" o
Smith briefly welc
Jarn-s I». K<-i<i. th-:
of any telegraph i
f r- nde.l.
Iiiit"d State* Sen
Ilvered an iT-f^rrr.-)!
F^oretary-T'fr'fun
m< rr.bersV.ip of 7<i8.
Letters of regret
ol<i-t?rr.ers who wen»
r.m'mp th~m beinjr
K. I.. M.->»-s»- and ot
TELEGRAPHERS IN SESSION.
Old-Time Association Holds Its An
nual Meeting in St. Paul.
ST. PAtTL, S<=pt. K.— Th- Old-time Tel
tprvx'h'ts' Association opf-n<-d its annual
meetlDS in tWs city to-day. Montreal.
O»na<'.a. B%s <-hos« n for the next plar^ of
met tfne ami the following officers ¦were
elect ¦•<! :
President. L. B. McFariani of Canada.
VJce president. J. E. Hutchinson of Ot
tavi,
Becretary-treajtuiifi. John Kraut of N>w
Y"<k. .
Preiidftit Harry T!'>p^ «f this city called
th<- convention 1<> order and Mavor U. A.
Smith 1 > r i f !l> \v.-i.-'inv<i the <1f'l^gi"T«-s.
Jarr."s I ». K<-i<i. th-:- first niperlntradent
of any telegraph i'ne in the world, re
rpended.
Iiilt°d Btatee Senator C. K. Davis flf
!iv.r«<i an Informal address.
Bvcretarr-TrvttRurcr Grant r*»port«-<J a
m« rrb^rsMp of 706.
l.'u r.- of regret were read from many
dd-tin^rs who v..-rv detained bv bitsftiess.
Rtnone ih-m W.injr Thonuui M. ISd&Mia and
K. I-. M.->»-s»- and <>5h< rs.
CHICAGO, Sept. lS.-Jnckoy Buchanan
was set down for thr«*e days for diso
bedience at the post this afternoon, and
Jockey Bradford was suspended for the
rest of the meeting for rough riding on
Regea in the third race. Weather cold,
track fast. Results: .
Five furlongs, Kazan won. Orrie Goan sec
ond. If You Dare third. Time, 1:03.
Six furlongs, Ben I>cdl won, Jim Gore II sec
ond. Loyaletta third. Time. 1:15,
Five nnd a half furlongs, Barbara M won,
Cora Ooetz second, Audie third. Time, l:08H-
Mile and seventy yards. John YerkeS won.
Thrive second. Dissenter third. Time. 1:46.
Mile and a sixteenth. Kentucky Babe won.
Dad Steele second, Konlg third. Time, 1:48.
Stx furlongs, Sir Christopher won, Ed Oart
land 11 second, Andes third. Time, 1:144-
Tame Racing at New York.
NEW YORK, Sept. IS.— It was a tame
day's racing:, as every winner won with
porm-thing to npare. Results:
King's Highway hurdle, handicap, mile and
three-quarters. Klondyke won, Einer second.
Three Bars third. Time. 3::«.
About six furlongs, Silverdale won. Gold
Heels second. Dr. Barlow third. Time. 1:11 1-5.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling. Cambrian won,
Rlnaldo second, Belle of Orleans third. Time,
1:49
The Albemarle. selling, five furlongs. Ashes
won. Cherries Becond, Candle third. Time,
Mi?e' and seventy yards. Belle of Troy won,
Sparrowlng second. The Amazon third. Time,
About six furlongs, Nabockllsh won, I^en
Ferguson second, The Black Scot third. Time,
1:13 1-5.
Results at Buffalo.
BUFFALO, Sept. IS.— Weather clear; track
fast. Results:
Four and a half furlongs-Prince of Song
won. Dream Life second, Claude Walton third.
Time, :57. „
Four and a half furlongs— Spinel won. Com
muter secern!. Cvstodlan third. Time, :a6V4.
Seven and a half furlongs— I.*ft How won,
Alfred Vargrave second, Alex third. Time,
Five furlongs— IMerre Jr. won. Rose Bird sec
ond, Virginia T third. Time, 1:02%.
Six furlongs, selling— Exit won, Minnie B
se-ond, Queen Louise third. Time, l:l.>',i.
Seven rurlones— I'rince Plausible won, Althea
second. Ocie Brooks third. Time* 1:29.
Good Track at St. Louis.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 18.— Track good. Results:
Six furlongs, selling— Bean won Watercrest
second, Al Ix>ne third. Time, 1:16.
Five furlongs— Empyreal won, Minion second,
I'rince Stonemouth third. Time, 1:03.
One mile and three-sixteenths, . Belling— Jim
Cnnway- won, Kl Caney Becond, Rollins third.
Time, 2:06'/j.
Six furlong?, selling— Eva Moe won, Dora
lice second. Omella third. Time. 1:17.
One mile and a sixteenth, selling— Laureate
won, Gusenle S second. Early Bird third.
Time. 1:50^.
Six furlongs, selling-Necklace won, Odnor
recond. Eugenia Wickes third. Time, 1:15.
Billy Boyles "Wins.
DETROIT, Sept. IS.— Results at Windsor:
Four and a half furlonga, selling— Billy
Boyles won. John Drake second, Willard J
third. Time. :56H.
Five furlonKft— Russian won, Ferraunt second,
Amarosa third. Time, 1:02.
Selling, mile and a sixteenth— Double Dummy
won. Monk Wayman second. Fantasy third.
Time. 1:49H-
SelllnK. six rurlon(?s — Innovator won. Corder
II second, Severlt third. Time, 1:13%,
SfllinK, five and a half furlongs— Onoto won,
Rocklngham second, Tenole third. Time, 1:OSU-
Mile and twenty yards — Harry Lucesco won,
Tattle Hunter second, Charloy Estes third.
Time. 1:45.
EIGHT HEATS WERE REQUIRED.
Second Bay of the Red Ribbon Meet-
ing Productive of Good Racing.
FORT W.AYNE, Ind., Sept. 18.-A fine crowd
and fine weather marked the second day of the
Red Ribbon meeting. The 2:16 pace, postponed
from Monday, ran into eight heats. The sixth
hrat was declared off and Saul's driver. Honey,
was fined $100 for not driving, to win and bets
were declared off. In the next heat he was re
placed by John Panye by the Judges' order.
The favorite lone, after being a trailer the
first part of the race, showed up well and
took the last two heats.
The- 2:09 trot was a longr drawn out affair.
Ix>rd I>erby wan a rank favorite In the bettinK,
but waB not in the winning. One heat o£ the
2:12 class trot was pulled off nnd Cornelia Hell
won out in a drlvim? finish with Silver Wllkes.
Summary:
2:15 pace {postponed from Monday), purse
$S(K)-Ioiie won the fourth, seventh and eighth
hrat$ In 2:11'4. 2:H*i. 2:16V*. Jessie h won the
peeond and third heats each In 2:13%. Saul
won the fifth heat in 2:13*;. Alice J won the
flirt heat In 2:<19 J1 i. Peal Sherbet. Circle, sil
ver Heel*, Bonnie, Alice J, I^rtdy Hontaa and
Poca Davis also started.
2:00 trot. Manufacturers', purse JlOOn—Char
ley Herr won the third, fifth and sixth heats
in 2:09%. 2:12^. 2:12. Gayton won the first and
Fccnnd heats in 2:U. 2:09^. Fourth a dead heat
between Charley Herr and Gayton. Xeereta,
Lord Derby, n It I* and l'ilatus also started.
2:12 trot, pursn $10M (unfinished)— Cornelia
Bell won the first heat. Silver Wllkes, May
Klllott. Nell -..Gwynne. Chain Shot. Tudor
Chimes, . Aggie Medium, Alverda Aiken and
Genevleve also started.
FAVORITES ALL WIN OUT.
Events on the Card Are Decided in
Straight Heats.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Sept. IS.— All the evenU
on to-day' s card were decided In straight
heats, the favorite winning In each. Sum
mary:
2:17 pace, purse $S00 — Harold M won three
straight heat« In 2:11U. 2:12Vfc. 2:14V«. Black
Cecil. Imperial Hal, Texas Jessie, Colonel Dick
Thompson, Bud Brown, Rosette and Star Tom
also started.
2:17 trot, purse $S(V)— Fereno won In three
("tralRht heats in 2:llVi. ?:15U. !:15\». Helena,
Ruthella, Stockton. J W C, Black Haven, Net
tle Blair and Halnforth also started.
2:09 pace, purse JSO(V*-Fannte Dlllard won In
three etralRht heats In 1:03, 2:C8U. 2:0SVi. Tom
Nolan. Nlcol B, Woodland Boy, Effle Powers
and Milton & also rtarted. • . - .
Jockey May Not Ride for
Three Days at Chicago
Track.
BUCHANAN IS
SET DOWN FOR
DISOBEDIENCE
GOOD SPORT
IS PROVIDED
AT STOCKTON
Ladies' Day at the Track
Is an Unexpected
Success.
PORTSMOUTH. Sept. IS.— "Kearsarge
day," to which the people of this city and
State have been looking forward for many
months, and which included the presenta
tion of commemorative tablets to the new
battleships Kearsarge and Alabama and
the presence of present and former Sec
retaries of the Navy, the Governor of
Alabama and other distinguished guests,
opened with prospects which were far
from pleasant. After a very tempestuous
night, during which it raJned heavily and
a strong northwest gale blew, the sky
to-day was cloudy and dull and rain was
falling. At a meeting of the committee
having charge of the celebration it was
decided that the formal presentation ex
ercises should be postponed until 3 o"clock.
The decorations did not suffer much from
the wind and rain, and after a few minor
repairs appeared as beautiful as ever.
The guests and speakers occupied a spe
cially erected stand In the park. The
area In front of the stand was crowded
with spectators and there was much en
thusiasm.
Mayor Edward E. Mclntire opened the
proceedings with an address of welcome
and then introduced Charles H. Burns of
Wilton as president of the day. Mr. Burns
spoke at length of the significance of the
occasion and presented Miss Mary Thorn
ton Davis of Boston, niece of Lieutenant
Thornton, executive officer of the old
Kearsarge, and Mrs. Henry Bryan of
Alabama, daughter of Rear Admiral
Simms of the old Alabama. Miss Davis
unveiled the tablet destined for the Ala
bama, while Mrs. Bryan performed a like
act with that of the Kearsarge.
Governor Frank W. Rollins was then
introduced and made a brief address,
presenting the tablets to Captain Folger
of the Kearsarge and Captain Brownson
of the Alabama.
Secretary of the Navy John D. I»ng re
sponded on behalf of the Navy Depart
ment, lie said In part: ,
I deem it an honor that it falls to my lot
in behalf of the navy of the United States-and
the navy of the United States was never more
glorious thaft now— to receive from the State
of New Hampshire this, its beautiful and sig
nificant gift to the battleship Kearearge.
named for one of Us noblest mountains and
rtrttllinK its namesake of brilliant memory.
Words fail to express the full meaning of this
emblem which New Hampshire to-day places
on the derk of the Kearyarge. Dut it speaks
for Itself as no human tonxue can speak. It
breathes the full, outflowing lif* of our common
country and of all that our country means—jus
tice, honor, freedom, education, equal rights,
la.v' order, home, church, school, public spirit,
private virtues, personal jnt«grity and honesty,
rewarded labor, thrift and accumulated sav
inKs no high or low. no rich or poor, no north
or south, or east or west, but one common
brothfrhood under the flap. It is a beautiful
design— North and South clasping hands under
tho wings of an American eafjle. I can suggest
but one Improvement In it — not possible as a
matter of art. but entirely bo as a matter of
fact— and that is that Instead of two figures
there should be but onp, as there Is in fact
but on* figure embodying in Itself the per
fpt-ted I'nlon of all the land, not only the
North and South with their varying character
istics in trade and tradition but one In tho
supreme essence of a common nationality.
Governor James H. Johnston of Ala
bama accepted the Alabama's tablet. Be
cause of the Inclement weather the pro
posed exercises on board the battleship
Kearsarge were omitted and Captain
Folger of that vessel was introduced and
accepted the tablet on behalf, of the of
lH-ers and men. extending -to the State
and city their appreciation of the gift.
Captain W. H. Brownson, commander
of the Alabama, was also introduced and
spoke on similar lines.
The exercises were concluded with
an historical address by former Secretary
of the Navy Herbert, who said in closing
his remarks:
"I thank God that I have been per
mitted to see this day, to attend tills
union jubilee, this hearty handshaking of
New Hampshire and Alabama, testifying
In unmistakable language that every citi
zen of our country can at least realize
the full forr*> of those beautiful words,
'each of the forty-five States of our na
tional constellation shines with an equal
dfjrrep of splendor and no star on the
blue of our country's flap differs from
any other star thereon in glory.' "
Plates Presented to the
New Alabama and the
Kearsarge.
COMMEMORATIVE
TABLETS GIVEN
TO BATTLESHIPS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, Sept. 18. — As a result of the inquest held to-day to inquire into the
deatli of Henry Saunders, one of the victims of the railway accident at Ladysmith on Satur
day, Nathan P. Dougan, the operator at Ladysmith, was committed for trial on a charge of
manslaughter, the Coroner's jury finding that the accident was due to his negligence. «
After the finding of the Coroner's jury Dougan was taken before a magistrate and
committed for trial. He admits that the accident, which cost four lives, was caused by his neg
lect. In his evidence before the Coroner he said that he had not looked to see' if the train was
in the yard when he reported it. He took it for granted that it was in, and wired the dis
patcher without ascertaining whether it was or not.
Two of the victims, Henry Saunders and Hugh Thompson, were buried here to-day.
The funerals were largely attended.
Dougan will be placed on trial on the serious charge on which he has been committed
at the next Assizes.
Operator Confesses That He Caused the Rail
way Wreck at Ladysmith.
FOUR LIVES THE PRICE OF
ONE MAIN'S CARELESSNESS
Reports of Additional Disasters From
the Recent Gale Continue to
Com? In.
FT. JOHNS. N. F.. Sept. is.— Reports of
rnarir.e disasters durir.p last week's gale
continue to pour in fnm remote localities.
To-day's advices show seventeen more
vessels a^h^rf ktv! thirteen lives lost. Con
siderable damage was done to property
along the seaboard.
Hcpp for the safety of four other ves
ffle, with cr<?wp aggregating twenty-five,
is almost abandoned.
HALIFAX. N. S., Sept. is.— The Lily
rf the Norih. which loft Halifax last sum
mer with supplies for tlif Peary Arctic- tx
r^duion. is lost. The loss 1« reportM from
Cape Breton, but nothing additional, gave
that the crew was t-aved, has reached
here.
LIVERPOOL. P"pt. 1^— The Rritlsh
s=t«-?nier Gordon CaMle and th* German
Ftfamer Ptnrmarn collided in Cardiff Bay
Sunday night and both vessels, sank.
Twenty of the persons on board the Gor
don Castle were lest.
The Gordon Castle was of 1C?5 tons net
ar.d was built at Glasgow in 1*71. Sho
was 3J7 feet lore, 34:4 feot wide and J5
feet deep. She whs owi^d liy the Stcam
ehlp Gordon Oastle Company, limited (Me-
Clay 6z Mclntyrc of Glasgow).
The Stormarr. was <;f :'>.".5 tons and wa»
built at Kkl in USB. S!ie was 176 foct long.
£5 feet wide and lo'-s f<-et deep. She was
owned by the Nord Oestee Hhodere of
Hamburg.
THIRTEEN LIVES LOST ON
NEWFOUNDLAND COAST
Disaster Occurs in a Harbor During
the Storm of Sunday Night
That Swept the Coast of
Wale*. 0
Two Vessels Collide in Car
diff Bay and Both
Go Down.
TWENTY PERSONS
SINK WITH THE
GORDON CASTLE
RINGLING'S CIRCUS WILL
REACH THIS CITY TO-DAY
Street Parade, a Most Magnificent
Pageant, Begins to Move at
10 O'Clock.
This morning the parade of Rlngllng
Brothers' great circus will pass along tho
streets of San Francisco. The pageant
will start at 10 o'clock. The route will bo
over the following streets: Folsom to Six
teenth, to Howard, to Second, to Market,
to Montgomery, to California, to Kearny.
to Market, to Valencia, to Sixteenth, to
Folsom, to show grounds.
This 13 circus day. This fact means a
whole lot to many in thi3 busy world. Tho
Rlngling Brothers' cirrus, which is the
of so much newspaper comment,
JHme» to San Francisco for the first timo
with a greater prestige than any show
that has heretofore visited California. It
is an enormous enterprise of tho circus
kind. The sixty-five cars necessary to
haul the equipment of the plant kept the
railroad officials busy yesterday and early
this morning In ferrying them acroaa tku
bay. At the eircus grounds. Sixteenth
and Folsom streets, everything was bud
tle and rush before dawn.
The earliest arrivals on the- grounds
were the commissary wagon, and those
containing the kitchen and dining-room
tents and their furniture. The first tent
to go up was the kitchen, nnd before the
brace ropes were drawn taut, a row of
stoves were In position and smoke was
issuing from the pipes, am! the steward
and his assistants were hard at work pre
paring breakfa3t. The dining tent was up
almost as soon and men were busy ar
ranging the long tables and benches.
It did not take long to set up the mam
moth tent, for each of the army of men
knew his place and worked with energy.
The center poles for the big tent looked
like masts on an ocean steamer. The
canvas was brought out In sections and
laid on the ground, making a sea of cloth.
Nimble fingers quickly Joined the various
sections until It was all one piece: others
arranged the tent-pole openings; the side
poles were placed In position; the guy
ropes temporarily fastened, and when all
was ready, three teams of horses hauled
away on the main rope and up went tho
biggest tent ever erected In San Fran
cisco.
Tho parade to-day will be well worth
going out of one's way to witness. Th«
RlngUng Brothers' street display has been
pronounced as the best of all. It in said
to have more fascinating color, startling
variety and musical furor than any
other. It Illustrates with abandoned dis
regard of cost all that gives to modern
life the Arabian flavor of opulence. It
shows the really fine horse, sleek ami
well-groomed, and stepping with that
pride of conscious beauty which only a
circus horse can. Twenty-flv* elephants,
gaily bedecked camels, open animal cages,
smartly powned women upon Kentucky
bred horses, an ear-racking clown band,
tableau cars for the little ones, plcturlnsr
fairyland charaetprs. the chime of church
bells, a mounted military band, a steam
calliope, doR-3, ponies. Roatg, clowns In
bizarre drf «<«*— in fact, about everything
peen or heard of In connection with a cir
cus parade Is attractively evident In this
procession.
Immense Crowds at Circus.
OAKLAND. Sept. 1*.— Rlnjrllng's cirrus
was a revelation to the two Immcusa
crowds that witnessed the enormous show
this afternoon nnd this evening In Oak
land The menagerie nnd trained anlmal3
are rare features. "The best elrcv.s that
ever came to town," -was the verdict.
AN ARTISTIC IMPROMPTU
•That's a graceful.' careless effect !n
vour Indian corner drapery."
' "Careless effect! I went up and a<vwr»
the step ladder thirteen times before I
got it to look right."— Chicago Record.
INTEGRITY OF
CHINA MUST NOT
BE DESTROYED
Keynote of Addresses at
Tenth Annual Meeting
of Unitarian Club.
Banquet and Election Followed by
Speeches by Dr. H. Morse Steph
ens, Eli T. Sheppard and
President Wheeler.
The Unitarian Club of California held
Its lenth annual meeting last night In the
rooms of the Merchants" Club. 222 San
some street. There were annual reports,
an election of officers, addresses by em
inent speakers and a banquet.
Xearly two hundred members and
guests sat down to tahlo shortly after 6
o'clock. The banr|UfU-room was adorned
with palms and the tables were decorated
with smllax and other greenery.
One long table reached from the north
end to the middle nf the banquet room.
At its head sat ShHdon (J. Kellogg, pres
ident of the club; at his right sat Dr. It.
Morse Stephens, and at his left Kli T.
Sheppard. Professor Thomas R. Bacon.
Horace Davis, President Henjamin Ide
Wheeler. ex-President Martin Kellogg.
Major O. E. Wood, C. A. Murdock ar.u
Frank J. Symmes were seated on eith* r
side near the head of the table. Circular
banquet tables tilled the remainder of tho
room and Iat them were seated repre
sentative business and professional men,
who compose the membership of the club.
After black coffee had been served and
cigars lighted President Kellogg arose and
called attention to the annual reports,
published in a neat pamphlet Issued as
a souvenir. Horace Davis presented the
report of the nominating committee aaid
the club elected the following officers by
unanimous vote:
Warren Gregory, president; Louis Llaser,
first vice president; A. O. Eells, second
vice president; W. H. Martin, secretary;
Edwin Fretwell, treasurer; F. W. G. Moe
bus. Dr. E. ron Adelung and James S.
Bunneli, executive committee.
An amendment to the constitution was
introduced raising the limit of member
ship from 175 to 200. The literary pro
gramme occupied the remainder of the
evening, the addresses being on the sub
ject, 'The Present Situation in China. "
Dr. II. Morse Stephens, professor of
modern history in Cornell University, at
i present on the coast delivering a courae
of lectures at the University of Callfor
'• nla, was the first speaker. lie disclaimed
any knowledge of the Chinese question,
but as a student of history he was will
ing to discuss the solutions most generally
proposed in the light of history.
"One set of men!" Professor Stephens
said, "predict the regeneration of China
as Japan was regenerated. Another set
point to India and the- building up of
British empire there as the line of devel
opment to be followed. The historian enrt
explain how India and Japan were trans-
I formed and I s;hall speak on those regen
erations.
"The building up of British empire In
India was the result of a series of acci
dents, and the chief lesson learned by the
British is that, do the best they can, send
their best, yet the people are not so hap
py as under their own rulers and institu
tions If the problem were to be made
over again it is doubtful if Kngland would
undertake it. Still she may on the whole
be proud of the results accomplished.
"By force of circumstances Kngland
was driven into a career of conquest in
India. loiter her adoption of the free
trade principle took away the meaning of
the conquest, and all that was left was
the duty of administration. The task was
there, and In place of commercial defense
came the building up of government and
Anglicizing, not the people, but the ad
ministration.
"Th^ result/of their experiment was the
Indian mutiny, which opened the mlnd3
of Englishmen to the fact that the pqo
ple of jndia did not enjoy the advantages
they were giving them. They did not en
joy the railroad, and telegraph and sani
tation. The Kngiish learned the other
lesson that even Orientals have ideas and
prefer their established rulers and insti
tutions. After the mutiny there was no
more annexation of states. The native
prince is left in nominal power, with a
resident who advises him and prevents
his tyranny from becoming too oppres
sive.
"Unless the natural liking of the Chi
nese for their own customs and Institu
tions be recognized the regeneration of
China is likely to be fraught with grave
dangers. The people are far more homeo
genous than are the people of India and
the Indian mutiny may be outdone. .
"No one can say whether it would be
possible for China to work out its own
regeneration as Japan has done. This
much is certain, China cannot be left to
stew In its own Juice. China cannot lock
itself In and remain the hermit nation.
"The feeling of the Chinese for the In
tegrity of their nation Is strong, and the
proposed partition of it seems monstrous
to me. Let us send them our best and bo
careful we do not send them our worst
men, and it is possible that China may be
as proud of the results as Japan Is to-day.
But it must be a slow transformation."
Ho Yow, Chinese Consul General, was
ill and could not be present to deliver an
address.
Eli T. Sheppard, formerly United States
Consul at Tientsin, was the next speaker.
He gave an outline of Chinese history
since the advent there of foreigners. He
paid many tributes to Secretary of State
Hay and predicted that the powers will
be forced finally to accept the broad, lib
eral policy formulated by the United
Stotes.
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of the
University of California was the last
speaker. He said among other things:
"I believe profoundly that my country
will not fall to solve the problems con
fronting us. f am not one of those who
are afraid to trust our country to handle
greater problems than she has yet un
dertaken. I do not believe It makes a
man or a nation stronger to avoid re
sponsibility.
"The thingrs that are golntr on now are
not to be reckoned in terms of hauling up
or hauling down the flag. The sovereignty
that prevails now takes no cognizance of
whether Turkey rules in Crete or Samoa.
It is concerned with the facts in the lives
of men and insists only that an artificial
system shall not prevail, but that facts
shall have their validity. So our attitude
in China is a great step toward the ful
fillment of our mission to the world. We
stand for, the principle of giving facts
their sweep, giving to wealth Its protec
tion and to the individual the opportunity
for development."
LONDON. Sept. ]R.-The Daliy Tele
graph publishes the following from I-our
enzo Marques, dated yesterday:
"A pitched battle has been fought mid
way between Kaap Mulden and Hector
spruit, resulting in heavy Hoer losses.
The Boerm removed and now threaten to
destroy the cogwheels of the locomotives
used between waterval Boven and Water
val Under, without which the railway
rnnnot be worked. They have blocked
and damaged the railway for six miles on
the Crocodilcpoort section, have destroyed
the culvert* and the Hectorsprult bridge
and looted and burned Komatlpoort. The
British are now at Kornatipoort and
heavy figrhtlns is proceeding.
"It is rumored that Mr. rtteyn has ar
rived here."
I/ord Roberts reports from Machadodorp.
under dato of September 17. that a few
minor skirmishes have taken place be
tween the HritiFh troops and the Boers.
He n.lds that General French has cap
tured fifty locomotives, in addition to the
forty-thre<* locomotives and other rolling
stock which he took when he occupied
llarborton. September 13. and that Gen
eral Btephennon was ordered to occupy
Nelspruit during the afternoon of Sep
tember 17.
PRETORIA. Sept. IS.— Genera! Fole>-
Oarew lias occupied Kaap Muirton. nbout
twenty miles cast of Nelsprult. whero he
captured a number of locomotives and a
considerable quantity of rolling stock.
LOURENZO MARQl'KS. Sept. IS.— Five
hundred Boor r^fusees arrived here to
dav. Twenty are wounded.
Komatlpoort Looted and Burned and
Fighting Proceeds Between
Burghers and the In
vading Force.
Reported to Have Suffered
Heavy Loss in Pitched
Battle.
BOERS ENGAGE
BRITISH NEAR
HECTORSPRUIT
A bold hoMup which occurred at the
Government transport dock at the foot of
Folsom street was reported to the harbor
police last night. M. McCarty. who re
sides In the Dewey House, told the officers
that he had been saiidbapged and robbed
of a watch and small amount of naoney
whife walking in the darkness on tho
water front. He had over $200 sewed up
in the lining of his coatsleeve. which tho
robbers failed to secure.
According to Mccarty's story, ho was
standing on the docK when ho was ap
r.roachcd by two men. He was intoxi
cated at tho time. One of the men dealt
htm a Btunnlng blow with a sandbar whilo
the other ritle<t his pockets. A. watch, two
knives and a small amount of money wero
taken. Mccarty was taken to the Harbor
Receiving Hospital by Special Officer
Wheeler and wounds on his face whero
he was struck by the sandbag were treat
ed He was then sent to the Harbor po
lice station and held on a charge of drunk
enness. An investigation by detectives
will commence this morning.
A burglary was reported to the (^aliror
nia-street police station last nfght by M.
Mojiea. a musician and storekeeper at
1111*7 Kearny street. On the evening or
the Mexican celebration Mojiea and his
family wero attending the festivities.
"When they returned home they were
startled to find a lighted lamp on a table
and the contents of trunks and bureau
drawers scattered over the floors. ; rno
crooks had Just made their escape.
An Investigation showed that the entire
house had been gone through. Tnn
thieves operated by the aid of a lamp
and secured about $10. Nearly J20O wortli
of Jewelry, which had been conceaJed in
a trunk, was overlooked by them.
The police at the same station were
notified that $Stf0 hart recently been stolen
from the room of B. Romas in the lodg
ing-house of Louis Gompz on Pacific
street, between Sansome and Montgom
ery- The money was extracted from a
bureau drawer some time during the day.
Kearny Street Store Looted — Nearly
$400 Stolen From Room of B.
Eomas in a Lodging-
House.
M. McCarty Victim of a
Daring Robbery After
Midnight.
SANDBAGGED
BY THUGS ON THE
WATER FRONT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1900.
A man born with a silver spoon in his
mouth may be the offspring of a family
that stole the spoons.— New Orleans Pica
yune, gjj
VISALIA, Sept. 18.-0. C. Williams, an em
ploye at the Glddlngs ranch, near thin city, fell
into a vat of boiling: ly» this afternoon. The
flesh on his leg was burned to the bona.
fornia, died at the California Hospital
this morning of typhoid fever, after an
Illness of several weeks.
T>ennis O'Connor Dead.
SAN ANTONIO. Tex.. Sept. 18.— Dennis
O'Connor, a millionaire, cattleman and
banker of Victoria. Texas, died to-day.
He was widely known In the West.
Wilbur C. Fant.
Jhe Pay's Read \
LOS ANGELKS. Sept. 1«.— Wilbur C.
Fant, a newspaper man, well known in
Bt. Louis, Cincinnati and New Orleans.,
died this eveninjr at the homo of h!s
brother-in-law, \V. H. BrlKRs. In this city.
Mr. Kant came here from San Antonio.
Tex., about six weeks, a^o. very 111 with
consumption and frratiually, declined in
health till death came. He was 42 years
old.
John Bausch.
Social Dispatch to The Call.
Hugh May.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. lS.-John Bausch.
son of the late Henry Rausch, the brewer,
died this morning. He was' 28 years of
age and a native of California.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 18.— HiirJi May.
the open golf champion of Southern Call-
FOTJR STRAIGHT WINS.
Boston Again Scores a Victory, De-
f eating Chicago.
Clubs— W. I-. Pet. Clubs— W. I,. Pet.
nrooklyn ....72 46 .610 Chicago 57 fiS .463
Plttfburg ...69 51 .573 St. l»uls 54 M .4".;
Phlladelphla.63 55 .f.3t Cincinnati ..53 67 .442
Boston 53 S9 .5001 New York... 50 69 .42*)
4
SANTA CRUZ. Sept. IS.— The <lat» of , the
High Court of the Independent Order of Forest-
ers has been changed from October 6 to 16.
ADVEBTISEMENTa
V \JP' 4L Hi SPEGIALISTS FDR MEN, 0
«jjg§i$ . X. / \=3a|l8&5{S2aiL S/ZsZ^- P««ent« mry pny when well or N
YW& \V \^^W®S^vC^%T In momlily Installments. Horn* «
0W X^^L-^^-^^^^^P^^^ S ure8 a 'P^alty. Private book t\
:/' V S-Uif- -^S=3Sfe^fS®y§t^5~E: freo at offlc or l.v mall. Com- \\
<?i .1.' \ "rrrr?--*"''^ ELlfi^S^JOisS&w; *pondence confidential. v
ELEVATOR | r 7Q4 MARKET STREET, | "™™-< to 5, Daily %
EiNTRANCE. \ IOi S an francisco. . J*™*«r»-» to u. p
1 • J Evenings — 7 to %, ?*The young people of. St. John's parish
will give a trolley ride on Thursday even
ing in aid of the building fund of the new
church. The cars will leave Mission
street, opposite the old St. Mary's Col
lege, at 8 p. m. Everybody is invited and
the committee guarantee all who come a
good time or the price of the tickets, 50
cents, will be refunded. After a trip ail
around town and out to the Cliff House
on the cars the merry crowd will return
to the college, where a fine supper will
be served without extra cost. The young
ladles of the parish havo all tried to ex
cel each other In the culinary art and
will, try to bring tasty dishes for the sup
per to prove who is the best cook. At
the close of the supper there will be a
dance in the drill \ hall in- the building.
As • the committee would nise to gnve tho
street car company an estimate of how
many cars they will need, tickets should
be bought at once of Father Brady.
A Trolley Bide for Charity.
"Discovery of Yosemite Valley" Is the
subject of an interesting lecture to be
given at the Good Samaritan Mission,
Second and Folsom streets to-night by
Theodore H. Hottell, the historian.
Tlie Great Yosemite.
Jurfjre CofTVy has granted Kdward A.
R"ady and Mrs. Emily \V. Redrty, exec
utor and executrix of the will of "the late
Patrick Reddy. leave to sell a portion of
vhr rral estate belonging to the decedent's
r->tate.
Reddy's Estate in Probate.
Prompt Work of Guards and Prison
ers Saves Municipal Buildings
From Destruction.
Fire broke out at Ihe House of Correc
tion yesterday afternoon and for a. time
threatened the destruction of the buildings.
Prompt work on the part of Captain I.
T. -Kincald. superintendent of the prison,
and a corps of guards and prisoners alone
saved the property. Through their efforts
the blaze was held under control until an
engine from Ocean View arrived and ex
tinguished the flames. ,
The blaze originated on the roof of
the north dormitory, in which the women
prisoners are detained. Prisoners were
at work on the roof replacing the asphalt
um with tin. They had half completed
their work and left their flrepot standing
on the unfinished portion while they went
to another part of the building to repair
a break. Sparks were blown out of the
pot and ignited the roof. The dry timbers
burned briskly and threatened to consume
the building. An alarm was given and
the guards and prisoners utilized a small
hose to stay the spread of the flre. In
the meantime a telephone message was
sent to the flrehouse ut Ocean View and
within a short time the engine was on
the scene and the danger was averted.
The female prisoners were not alarmed
by the flre. At the diiectlon of the cap
tain of the jail they were taken into the
yard and when the flrc-was extinguished
were taken to the south dormitory. The
building was damaged to the extent of
COUNTY JAIL 3 SAVED BY
AMATEUR FIRE-FIGHTERS
Harry P^rry. alia? John V. Stokes, who
¦was arr^tM at Union Coursing Park on
July l for passing counterfeit money, was
found guilty In the Federal courts ves
tmiay. Pr>rry pleaded guilty and will be
sentenced on Spptemh*r 22.
Pleaded Guilty.
Thomas Brown vs. J. P. Jacobs.
Clever Amateurs Will Don the Mits
and Box for a Bunch, of
Medals.
Nine amateur bouts will be run off at
the gymnasium of the San Francisco Ath
letic Club. 317 Sixth street, this evening.
The young boxers are all well matched
and some good sport is assured.
The programme ia as follows: Jack
Cordell ve. John Smith; Charles Witzel
vb. Ed. Battler: Ed Devlin vs. George
Fuller; Ed Wiley vs. Hugh Kriel; Jim
Little vs. Frank Wall; Ed Savage vs.
William Jones; Al Wildson vs. Gus Salis
bury: Tom Hamilton vs. Mike Curtin;
NINE FAST BOUTS FOR
SAN FRANCISCO CLUB
Hearing of Petition to Remove Him
as Executor of Henarie's Will
Begins.
The hearing of the order to show cause
why Louis D. Radgesky should not be re
moved as executor of the will of the late
D. V. B. Henarie was taken up by Judge
Coffey yesterday. Mr?. Henarie, dece
dent's widow, charges Hadgesky with mis
appropriation of the tunds of E. Martin
& Co., in which the Henarie estate is a
large stockholder, and for this reason
asked that he be relieved from his trust.
So far as yesterday's evidence Is con
cerned Mrs. Henarie'3 allegations re
mained unproved.
August Muenter, an officer of the cor
poration of E. Martin ."fe Co., testified that
in April Mr. Radgesky did overdraw his
account $1100, but in May he returned $1000
and in June the balance of the overdraft.
Mr. Kadgesky is vice president of the cor
poration and In his capacity as such drew
the money. Joseph Campbell, on behalf
of the respondent, asked that the hearing
be discontinued, for, he said, it was plain
that Mr. Radgesky had not overstepped
his authority. Van R. Paterson objected
to a discontinuance, however, and on
Thursday Alexander G. Bell, cashier of
the corporation, who testified in Radores
ky's favor, will be cross-examined. 'Mr.
Bell has been Instructed to bring the cor
poration books Into court at that time.
An application made by Mrs. Radgesky
for distribution to her of one-half dece
dent's estate was also partly heard; Maud
H. Xorton, decedent's daughter, testified
as to her mother's receipt of a monthly
income of $100 from her father and said
that in addition to this allowance Mrs.
Radgesky frequently received presents of
money from Mr. Radgesky, which she put
In the bank. Further hearing of the case
was continued until Thursday.
WITNESSES TESTIFY
IN RADGESKY'S FAVOR
Eight Lively Bouts Held Under the
Auspices of the Golden Gate
Athletic Club.
The Golden Gate Athletic Club con
ducted Its second boxing entertainment In
Washington-square Hall last evening.
About 1000 people saw eight lively bouts
of four rounds each. A. Attell and Ben
Dwyer fought three hard rounds, but in
the fourth Dwyer got winded and to save
a knockout he threw up the sponge.
George "Watson's cleverness won, him
the bout with Fred Landers. The two
contestants were evenly matched and
their work was about as scientific as any
seen during the evening.
In the bout between Jack "Welch and
Jack Monroe, Monroe went down hard
In the second round, and rather than suf
fer further punishment he did not get up.
giving the decision to Welch.
Harry Pool and Kid Kinnerty fought
four good rounds without a decision. In
the fifth Pool got the decision.
Ed Jones, a stocky negro weighing 169
rounds, was too heavy for his opponent,
will Kelly. Kellv's punishment was so se
vere that the police had to stop ;he bout
in the third round.
Fred Smith fought James Ryan in place
of Tom Sullivan, but Ryan was the su
perior man and easily carried off the hon
ors in the fourth round.
Fred Wolf was knocked out by Jim
Hopkins in a two-round bout, and in the
closing bout Bob Cross knocked out Bob
Harrington In the second round.
SOME GOOD BOXING IN
WASHINGTON SQUARE HALL
leaped througn one of the ward windows,
striking upon the hard pavement below.
His neck was broken by the fall and his
body was removed to the Morgue, where
an inquest •will be held on a date yet to
be set.
DELIRIOUS PATIENT AT THE
COUNTY HOSPITAL JUMPS
AND BREAKS HIS NECK.
FREDERICK KESSLER. an lnmat©
of the" City and County Hospital,
jumped from a window of his ward
on the second floor of that institu
tion yesterday morning: and broke his
neck. His body Is at the Morgrue.
Kessler was taken to the hospital during
the Native Sons' celebration. He was em
ployed at the Palace Hotel as a silver
polisher and enjoyed a reputation for so
briety and honesty, but the spirit of tho
festival entered Into him and he got
drunk. He kept his private celebration go
ing for several days and finally was on tho
verge of delirium tremens. Then at the
lnsiieratlon of friends he was removed to
the Receiving Hospital. There he jvas
given all the treatment that refuge af
tords, but later it was discovered that his
case was more serious than had at first
been supposed and he was ordered sent to
the City and County Hospital.
On the way to the larger institution he
became violent and attempted to -end his
life by beating his head against the sides
of the ambulance, but the attendants re
strained him and he showed no further
suicidal inclination until yesterday morn-
Ing when he was being led by his nurses
from one ward to another. Then he be
came unmanageable. He broke away
from his guardians, beat his head against
the walls and terrorized the other pa
tients. Finally with a wild ecream he
These two are the judiciary amendment
already discussed and the amendment
providing that cities of 3500 population
may elect boards of freeholders for the
purpose of framing charters Just as may
no done now by cities of 100,000 inhabi
tants; but the court holds that notwith
standing the repeal of the act of 18S3. or
assuming that It was repealed, there
Is a law sufficient to enable constitutional
amendments to be submitted to the peo
ple. They hold that sections 1195 and 1197
of the Political Code contain provisions
sufficient for the purpose. Therefore the
Supreme Court says that the constitu
tional amendments proposed at the regu
lar session of 1S99 may be submitted at
the next general election.
Tho proposed constitutional amendments
that were adopted at the regular legisla
tive session of 1S99 are:
1. A. C. A. No. 6, exempting: church prop
erty from taxation.
2. A. C. A. No. 27. exempting the property
of Stanford University from taxation.
3. A. C. A. No. 14. exempting the California
School of Mechanical Arts (Lick School) from
taxation. • • • .
4. Sen. C. A. No. II, exemptlns State and
county bonds from taxation.
4. Sen. C. A. No. 14. exempting State and
lature to # pass a primary law.
6. Sen. C A. No. 9, rearranging salaries of
Supreme and Superior Court Judges.
7. Sen. C. A. No. 12, establishing Interme
diate courts of appeal.
In tho decision filed yesterday, which
was written by Justice Van Dyke and
concurred In by Justices Garoutte. Hen
shaw and Chief Justice Beatty. it was
held that the Legislature had no right to
propose constitutional amendments at the
extra session and that the two constitu
tional amendments proposed at the extra
session had no vitality and could not be
submitted to the people.
A "new Richmond In the field" played
havoc with tho case. Anderson & Ander
son of Los Angeles, as amicl curiae, filed
a brlet in which they contended that no
amendment could be submitted for the
reason that no law was provided for the
submission of amendments. They claimed
that the law of 1S83 was repealed at the
regular session in 1S99 and that there had
been no law passed since that time under
which amendments could be submitted to
the people. Attorney General Ford re
plied to their brief and contended that the
act of 1SS3 had never been repealed: that
by a legislative blunder the act by which
they tried to repeal It never became a law,
because the bill that passed the two
houses was not the same bill that was
signed by the Governor.
It was "up to" the Attorney General
and he did not shirk the responsibility. It
was the opinion of Mr. tord that the
amendment adopted by the extra session
superseded the one passed by the regular
session ot lbif'J. The matter, however, ap
pealed to Mr. Ford as being of the great
est importance and he suggested to Mr.
Curry that a friendly suit should be in
stituted so that the supreme Court could
pass upon tho dililcult • question. Mr.
Curry was willing, but the Governor
balked. Despite His attitude, however, tho
suit was tiled. The Attorney General
sought to restrain tho Secretary of State
from certifying an amendment proposed
at the regular session. An answer having
been filed to the complaint, the matter
was tried pro forma In the court below.
Judgment was taken against Mr. Ford's
complaint and he appealed. Thomas D.
Uiordan. representing the Secretary of
State, and Tirey L. Ford, representing tha
people, tiled briefs and the cause was sub
mitted.
At the regular session an amendment
covering the same ground- was introduced
and adopted. This was done because
after the adjournment of the regular ses
sion and before the convening of the ex
tra session the framers of the amendment
discovered that there were some changes
that could be advantageously made.
This amendment was manifestly to take
the place of the one proposed at the reg
ular session, but when the Secretary of
State came to certify these amendments
to the various County Clerks as required
by law he discovered the two amend
ments. They were so nearly alike that he
was in a quandary. He therefore wrote
to Attorney General Tirey L. Ford and
asked wnecher he should certify both
amendments to the County Cierks or only
one of them, and if only one, which one.
At the regulax session of the Legislature
in 1899 a constitutional amendment was
proposed looking to the establishment of
an intermediary Court of Appeals to con
sist of three courts, one to sit In perma
nent session at Sacramento, another at
San Francisco and the other at Los An
geles. These courts were intended to re
lieve the Supreme Court of a great deal
of its work, it being impossible for the
Appellate Court to keep up with its cal
endar.
The Supreme Court In its decision yes
terday expressly stated that the consti
tutional amendments passed at the extra
cession were invalid because they were
not included in the proclamation. ,The de
cision Is of widespread interest, as It
ttouches on matters pertaining to the con
stitution of the State. It was based on
the 'friendly suit of the People ex rel.
Attorney General Tirey L. Ford vs. Charles
F. Curry, Secretary of State. The history
of the case and the decision of the high
tribunal is interesting.
Had Governor Gage in his proclamation
named the objects for whiph he called an
extra session of the Legislature the two
constitutional amendments passed by that
body would not have been declared invalid
by the State Supreme Court. His failure
to do so has resulted in an Inferior
amendment going before the people at the
next general election.
Governor Gage Forgot to Include
Constitutional Amendments in
His Proclamation — Sum
mary of Decision.
Supreme Court Knocks Out
Amendments Passed by
Legislature.
DECLARES THE
EXTRA SESSION
ACTS INVALID
Th*» credentials committee of the Re
publican County Committee will meet this
f-vrr.ing at 7:30 at room 1S4 Palace Hotel,
h< adrjuarters of the State Central Com
mittee.
Credentials Commits Meeting.
Yesterday Phil Crlmmlns told delegates
of the Thirty-seventh and Thirty-eighth
Assembly districts that the nomination ol
Wolfe for Senator to represent the Twen
ty-first Senatorial District had been
promised to Herrin. and that the pro
gramme could not be changed.
At Saratoga Hall this evening the Con
tinental league will R-ive a. reception to
Julius Kahn, Republican nominee for
ConjtreM in the Fourth District. Samuel
M. Sh'Ttrldgp, a. P. Van Duzer. Henry C
Dibble. Frank D. Worth and Merton C.
Allen are on the list of speakers.
Bops Kelly has given orders Uhat the
Thlrty-fiR-hth Assembly District delega
tion shall nominate W. H. Rlckard for
the Assembly. Some of the delegates ob
jected to the programme, but Kelly eaid:
'•Th*re is no use wasting time. Rickard
is the nominee for the Legislature In that
d;ptrict."
The organization purposes to hold a so
called club primary in every Assembly
di«trict to elect delegates to the munici
pal convention, but Democrats who are
r.ot lobsters know that the delegates are
already slated in the various districts.
For the j-ake of appearances opposition
will be tolerated In several districts, but
the managers will be careful to admit
only a limited number of anti-program
me r6.
The Democrats are making great prep
arations for the Charles A. Towne demon
stration at the Mechanics' Pavilion next
Saturday r.Urht. The uniformed clubs of
the party will parade and it Is predicted
that the torchlight procession will be im
posing.
The story is current in Democratic cir
cles that the workers and voters of the
party will make another effort for recog
nition in the county convention. It Is
a significant fact that a meeting of tho
Democratic Central Committee has
been called for to-day. Too much power.
It is claimed, has been given to the mem
bers of the committee at large. Appre
hension exists that the power delegated to
members at large has been used to sup
3 ress and ignore the rank and file of the
party in San Francisco. In view of the
impending trouble Gavin McNab may bo
Induced to relax In his rulings and per
mit Democrats, other than those fn the
favor of the organization, to participate
In the nominating convention.
There are signs of trouble In the Dem
ocratic camp. Yesterday members of the
Democratic County Committee were ad
vised that a meeting of that body would
be held at Native Sons' Hall to-morrow
evening. The notice contains the sugges
tion that important business will be In
troduced. In explanation of the immedi
ate call for another meeting it Is said that
the time for holding the nominating con
vention is to be changed so that the dele
pates may assemble on September "4. The
catc des'.pna-ted at the recent meeting of
the committee was September 27. The
point Is raised that record of nominations
for the lxsrielaturo must be filed in the
office of the Secretary of State thirty
days prior to the election. Many Demo
cratic lawyers hold that membors of the
Legislature are not State officers within
the meaning of the law relative to filing
notice with the Secretary of State, but to
avoid controversy it was decided to noml
j.ate in time to file the record thirty days
before the election.
It may be well enough for Democrats
who feel that they cannot vote the Re
publican ticket to remain unregistered,
but the Republicans cannot afford to
adopt similar tactics. A full Republican
vote Is demanded. Anti-boss Republicans
should make a epecial effort In every As
sembly district to enroll the full strength
of the Independent vote. Affairs may take
a turn which will require clean Republi
cans to rebuke the bosses at the polU^De
cent Republicans openly proclaim that
they wj;1 not vote to return notorious
boodlers to the Legislature; yet the asso
ciated bosses have planned to renomlnate
Three cf the boodling fraternity.
The eafe course to pursue is for every
unregistered voter to go to the City Hall
and register. The topic of registration
ehou'.d be discussed in the orace, the
workshop and the factory. Plans should
be adopted to ascertain the number of un
registered voters In every establishment
of the city wherein a large number of
men f.nd employment.
Only a limited time remains for voters
to register. The registration is far short
of the normal in Presidential years, and
prompt work is necessary in order to
bring out the full strength of the Repub
lican vote at the November election. The
light enrollment is said to be due to the
Indifference of. Democrats. Merchants,
business men and ethers of Democratic
faith are satisfied with the existing ton
<51tlona cf prosperity and do not wish any
change of national administration: but at
the tame time they do not fancy the Idea
of going to the polls and voting the Re
publican ticket; hence they decline to reg
ister.
Workers Demanding Rec
ognition From Boss.
vention. Will Ba Changed— Party
Meetings of the State Central
and County Committees
Called.
— •
Time for Holding the Municipal Con-
DEMOCRATS ARE .
HAVING TROUBLE
OF THEIR OWN
THE* SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1900.
Frederick Kessler, Hospital Patient,
Jumps From Upper Ward aand
Breaks Has Neck,
SPRINGS TO DEATH
THROUGH A WINDOW
5500.
5
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 Market Street, San Franclsco»
Or 1145 Broadway, New .York City.
We have belts as low as $5. same aa others
tell at much higher prices, but they are not
"DR. PIERCE'S." If you want the BEST, a
belt that will cure without medicine, won't
fall to pieces In a short time, and which may
be had at a moderate price, you must have
"DR. PIERCE'S."
Call or send a 2-cent stamp for "BOOKLET
NO. 2." Address:
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Weak Men and Women
fiiHUULU U&K UAM1ANA B1TTKKJ*. THE
>-" creat Mexican remedy; Rives health ami
strength tu sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
V^^^CCUE£r^fe| Gleet. 3p*rnutorrh!»t
*j5s#^in ltosa»r»-TJ5 " titea unnot=r»l li»
jSbW Gcar»nuod q( rharjBu, or any inSr—nia.
Pm»H net to f trlnora. t ion, , irritation or u..er%>
1^-— «J ?r m enu oonugloa. tlon ¦>? n a c o a s cieia.
K5tirHEEVAII3 DjEMCnRa branea. Nan-««rlngeiit.
\tf*^\C!NCir!»»TI.O laSS^i fltold °y ttm&xtei*.
\%tfK 0.". A - 7%q "* «">t la Clam wr»r r «r.
ftEW WtSTliK.1 tiOTEt,
KEARNY "AND WASHINGTON STS.-R2-
modeled and renovated. KING. . WARD A
CO. . Buronean plan. Rooms. Joe to $I ij day;
Ji to $S week; tH to {30 month. Free baths: hot
and cold water every room; tiro grates In every
room; elevator runs all night.
fiarr nflUlll Corner Fourth and
CAFE MKilni^
Vallsea caeck«4 ti**-
1 .^PATENTS* 1
IA/. T. HESS.
KOTAHY PUJLI3 AtfD *.TTd3.X£I-\T-lkTl.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Claus SpreckeU Bide
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, £21 California at., below Powell,
San Francisco.
|a^ "FAVOR 3Tt
flBto CNICHESTER'S ENGLISH
P EBfWRGYAl P!LLS
H.-y'SrV „ _ Ordinal and Only Genuine.
F- / I7tUv\8AFE. 4lw«Ji reliable, l.ndl*.. ut Prnrrin
>/^^m tor CHI0II ESTERS KNGLISU
Ui^gf\^S\ In 1£CI> »nj Uold met»;ilo boi«. «»>!
TH ***» %S DillMimi KubatltaUanv and I .a It a-
I / ~ ftj tloniu Boj of joar Oro«(ls>. or mnd 4e. la
I ** KL it » m l« for Partleiilarm, Tentlmonlali
If f? » n( » "Relief for I^aiilem"^ J«f»r, by re
_A If turn Mail. lll.Oiin I'eatimonitN. Soldbt
¦ "' »llDrn«gl«. ChlehMter«hemlealC«^
Ueation thl« papcT. Madlaou boura, I'ltiLl, riZ
SAN FP.ANCISCO.
WILTARD 0. WAYMAN, Manager.
G. W. McNEAR. General Agent
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
NE. Cor. California and Sansome Sts.,
San Francisco. Auk. 26. 1900.
¦Ki^A To Whom It May Concern.
¥ This is to certify that 1 hav«
bp 3 been suffering for several yjears
fTz 9 past from disordered stomach.
*E^X liver and kidneys. In addition.
¦ X^HV 1 became almost totally blind.
1 was under the care of the
MrW/wl^'SHv in0Rt eminent oculists in this
. "iW»i*/xwWi' city for about three years. (
was not benefited In the least by their- treat-
ment. I 'have b«?en under the treatment of Dr.
Wong Woo, 764-66 Clay street, for the past six
weeks, and though I am now 74 years of ape mv
tight has been restored through Ms treatment
of the stomach, and I feel as well as at any
time during the past ten years.
JOS. E. WATKINS.
US Third street, S. F.. Cal.
CHARLES D. HAVEN
Resident Secretary.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
NO. 422 CALIFORNIA ST.,
HT TV. EATON. Rest. Manager.
GEO. W. HOYT. Deputy Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to b«fr>re me. this 27th
day of March. 1300. W. it. WILDET.
_ 1 j Notary Public.
Risks and Premiums.! Flra Risks, j Premiums.
Net amount of Risks'
written during the
year I ns.918.427 *6. 137,341 74
Net amount of Risks!
expired during the'
year I 631.574.7*3 «, 026. S01 93
Net amount in forcef
December 31. 1S39... | WI.0M.7C3 7.006.547 5.?
§VIM, VIGOR. VITALITY for MEN
. MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been In use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon and their fol-
lowers. Positively cures the
worst cases in old and youn<
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoklns. Cures Lost
Manhood. Impotency, ¦ Lost
Power, Night Ixjsaes. Insom-
nia. Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back,
Nervous Debility. Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen. » Varicocele or x:on-
etlpatlon. Stops ne »^ «S rvous Twitching
of Eyelids. Effects J^.^T^.a r e Immediate.
Impart vicor and t * E -'» ' S* potency to every
function. Don't cet despondent; a cure is at
hand. Restores small, undeveloped organs.
Stimulates the brain and nerve centers; 60c a
box: 6 for J2 W by mall. A written jruarancte to
cure or money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars
free. Adriress BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Kills
»t.. San Francisco, Cal., GRANT DRUG CO.
18 end 40 Third st /
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on th« 21st day of December.
A D 1S99. and for the year ending on that
day as made to the Insurance Commlsloner
cf the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and fill of the Political
Code condensed as per blank furnished by the
Commissioner: CApirA^
A CMh \»..?""'!.. 8 . t ."». — " ""•« ™™ °°
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company...:. *1£3.WO 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 724. 3. w 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 601.931 CO
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral lK.oflO oo
Cash In Company's Office lt.959 17
Cash In Banks •• •• «U35 i»
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and loans 8.151 5S
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and MortKasres ".25144
Premiums In due Course of Collection 98,062 IS
Bills receivable. iyit Matured, taken
for Flre and Marine Risks 1S.82* 3^
Rents due and accrued 4«0 jO
Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid 11.210 06
Total Assets C. 088.836 64
LIATHLTTTT-S. ~
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense *3;.227 4o
Losses resisted. Including expenses... 2.<00 00
Gross premiums on Flre Risks run- .
nir.K one year or less. $229,449 33; re-
insurance 50 per cent 114.724 63
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $367,933 10;
reinsurance pro rata 23..S43 Oo
Amount reclalmable by the Insured
on perpetual Flre Insurance Poll-
rles 62I.CS3 31
All other demands against the Com-
pany C6.303 51
Total liabilities II. ir. S3: 61
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Flre
premiums S1C9.263 33
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages VV. "i" **-* s7 4 '
Received for interest cn-1 dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and from •
all other sources * 3O.167 43
Received for Rents 19.MI S3
Received from all other sources 1.9'IJ ,M
Total Income HM.7S4 32
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Flre Losses
(Including $19,612 11. losses of previ-
ous yearsO J22.-i.3S3 79
Dividends to Stockholders 73.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Urofcerape 34,033 60
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other •
charges for olflcers. clerks, etc E5.3SS 44
Pxtd for State. National and Local
taxes 23.C23 23
All other payments and expendi-
tures K.J11 52
Total Expenditure* J3OS.128 63
Lo**es incurred durlnr the year
(Fire) $263,107 17
Hlsks and Premiums.! Flre Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Rlskst
written during thel
year .«. I 132.722,275 $307,213 53
Net amount of Risks]
expired during the)
year I 4S.102.SS7 439,753 70
Xet amount In force!
December 31. 1«>9..! 82.595.043 7S1.SS2 33
JAMES P.. ALVORO. Vice President
EDWIN F. MERRILL. Secretary.
Subscribed and rworn to before me. this 29th
day of January. 19»K».
GEORGE P. WILGUS. Notary Public
FIRE AND MARINE
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
STATEMENT
OF THE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND. r>N THK 31S?
day of December. A. P. lS99t and for th»
year rndins on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State ~>T Cali-
fornia, pursuant tr> the Provisions of Sections
610 and Ml of the Political Cod<\ condpns*d aJ
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSKTS.
Real T>tate owned by Company Jl.S3fc.7W 0O
Loans on Bond* and Mortracrps 3.307.3i0 CO
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2.47X8.T7 ~A
Cash In Company's Office 1.J7S 73
Cash In Banks «77.0C7 a
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 193 P3
Interest due and accrued nn Bonds
and MortBages 44. OSS 40
Premiums In due Cour** of Collec-
tion 8M.7B3 4)1
: Rents due and accrued lO.Ooairt)
Life loan 1.400 '0
Perpetual Policy premiums due 92 -iS
Total Assets S9.425.6S7 S7
LIABILITIES. ~~ ~
' Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense J3I4.J9O 51
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 30.400 00
Gross premiums on Flre Risks run-
ning one year or less, $3,422,993 81:
reinsurance 50 per rent 1.7U.4J9 40
Gross premiums on Flre Risk* nm>
nln»r more than one year. J3.S73.-
64$ 69: reinsurance pro rata 1.221.480 41
Amount reclalmable by the Insured
on perpetual flre Insurance policies. S23.141 n
Liability under Llfs Department.... *),C33 y7
All other demands against the com-
pany 274.519 St
Total Liabilities .t4.77S.0oO «o
INCOME. — —
Xet cash actually received for Flre
premiums J4.717.430 2S
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 139,844 13
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Leans and from
all other sources 9S.534 01
Received for Rents 94.1S2 0T
Received from all other sources ZM 03
Total Income fc.047.CSl 09
EXrENTJTTTTRES. — — -— ~
Net amount pal'I for Flre Losws (ln-
cludlnpr J)lS.0S7 J3, losses or pre-
vious years) J3,4C2.4rj !%
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage iCS.Wt ."1
Paid for Palaries. Fees and other
chances for officers, clerks, etc S27.229 V.
Paid for State. National and Local
Taxes 14S.329 S3
AH other payments and expendi-
tures S6S.4S2 11
Total KxpenditcTT* $3.072.;3O ot
Flre.
LOSSES |neum»d durtns the year...».K»l?32 41
and GLOBE
—OP THE—
LIVERPOOL and LONDON
—OF THE>—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
STATEMENT
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
The N. S. G." W. drank Rainier beer
while in Ban Francisco. ; •
•BO3ocnoDonoenenoinoeoflon»
\.jmi).iikm\
• No truer words were ever said. ¦
• Anita Cream actually re- a
% moves the outer cuticle and 2
2 with it all discolorations and •
m coaxes to the surface a fresh, «
¦ new skin, as soft and trans- "
2 parent as an infant's. 2
I ANITA CREAM I
• Is a positive CURE for tan, S
e freckles, liver mole, moth 2
2 patches, etc, and has stood °
¦ the test for years. ©
S t -\ Further particulars, instruc- 5
2 tions and a sample sent to any * 2
• address for 2c postage. Full «
o size jar for 50c. §
2 Anita Cream & Toilet Co., 207 •
¦ Franklin St., Los Angeles, Cal. 2
a0l«l«B9#B0iaB ¦•¦•?« ¦•¦•B«
ADVERTISEMENTS.
§°i * * * ™ E • • • ioi
§og THE FASHIONABLE PRIVATE ADDRESS DIRECTORY. go«
1^1 Season 1900-1901. Now Being Compiled. |^|
pov
iX—5 Beln» earnestlr r«]ue»te<l by »om<» of our most prominent ladles and £?_ V
Y-.Q business men. we have drel<M to arranre the names In the next edition Q n Q
v_O, of The Blue Book jiumencally, aecordlrs to strefts and number*. The So
v rt odd numbers en one Bide and the even on the other, giving the. lndl- <5~~o
vOO; vidual members of each family, also classified alphabetically. The chief fsOrt
O — O object 1« to furnish a directory by which you can find a name by know- j£— fi
OPv In *' the residence number, or find the residence by knowing: the name. KoM
;V O Owing to the numerous chnnres caused by removal!, deaths, mar- CC~a
? Of, rlaire*. changes in reception day* and the mibstltutlon of new num- SO»
«— 55 ters for old In the resldtnce dlitrJcU. The Blue Book this year will V— 5
2OX assume an Importance never before equaled In the history of the pub- gn*
jt—ji licatlon. . Q O
VnX- The Club Department will contain a complete list of the leadlne clubs OnQ.
V_Y plvlne the offlcern. directors r.nd an official 11m of the members, with O 0
V V their buflnesx addresseg. Tlie Ladles' Clubs will be a sr>ecUl feature ft — O
¦pOO The work will contain a street or.d avenue guide, calling and address ftOrf
<j— O list, theater diagrams, personnel of the rres». winter jcuests of the lead- « — X
AOk ir.g hotels, suburban residents, army and navy, shopping guide, lnclud- Xo?i
rt— ir.R a list of the very best places to trade. Also the Street Railway Guide, <X— X
Xo^ arranged alphabetically, containing the various street-car routes and 8r>^
*-'_O transfer r>olnt». fflvlng a ready reference to any number and the car to • Q_Q
!°g [ take at ; giapc< r gog
iO^g ADDRESS ALL CHANGES TO • S°D
g°§ CHARLES C. HOAG, Editor and Publisher, §°|
J'?g 225 Post Street, San Francisco. $£§
voioo;oio|oloioioioio|oiio|oio|o|oio|o )o | o ( o|o | oX
g Men's Overcoat Sale Wgg31 l"fei^^l^lS WtkM $* 2 ' 75 Dictionary for
J! Continues This Week. 9g|£ ¦^B^JhS $5,40. Abaut 200 of the
k $15 to $20 Overcoats $11.65 ji^ IvoldenRule Bazaar. ' Genuine Funk & Wagnall's
j* to $35 Overcoats $18*65 *".aufornia-s larqest-americas orandest "store. Standard Dictionaries.
i f^. Jhe Emporium, upon return of goods, will cheerfully. refund your pur-
jf cihase nrDoraey If you cru buy the same quality elsewhere at a lower price.
| j^^^^^Sc to 30 c Veal ings 9 c Y&rd.
i The Greaiesi Voiiin 9 Purchase and Sale of the Year.
* _^^"iEI To-day, Wednesday, The Emborium offers about 3000 yards of choice
K Veiling, in assorted styles, double widths, chenille spot {Malines, and iS-
% l^^P i nc h doited Tux'dos, in black, brown, navy, magp'e, grav, tan, q^
g ' --- =S %J" e f Of actual values from 25c to 50c a vard.your choice for w<l*
*: Dinner Napkins Wednesday Special Sale Decorated China
%¦ at One- Quarter Off. Crokinoio Board. D assert Plates, tOo.
S If you come eary to-day you can save 2 "5 One of the most popu'ar came* ever in- A lucky chance s^^t^Ssss^
2» per cent on Dirner Nankins; we clean- vented, the one that we offer to-day at a b-^ou^ht; u* /f "^gl
*£ ed np a snull lot cf 50 dozen on y of third 'e 3 than rega'ar r?tail price, is 75 dozen J> df&fS^^^ s^>
fe reilly good, heavy-weight, bleached made of map e and birch, with *o id rub- Dacora'ed J &/ irt a?-^"^
2* narkins— dinner fizc, fu !y 13 iic'its ber ti s ani fe ! t Iin«i relation center China De'- W &K j. '$$& 1?y>
*i eauare— a fiie close weave, a ?2.00 depress on, hard wood di'k; fall directors sert or Cake K- (frta Jj
h per d.zjn quality, -which we offer for for paying the game with each board; Piates at W*- 1 '5|f i# $
t£ this day only— per doze i *»* j.^% it is gcol value at ?150; our Ao fuliya third W-^^_^T $
ft &Ba*rO ppecial price to-diy &J.U& !es3thanreg- y&fy^§£0r Jr
«C "" nlar price;
* Special Sale of Sample Jackets $7.45. yh ave -^^^^
I Al-Unen Doylies. ¦S^^Mgr^iTSSJ
*. the importatioa price much larger v Ice each— on ?a e to-day at... #1/1*
2> Ihm the price we will ask rou for Grocery andf LitlUOr Crockery r>partmcnt-B»ck of Rotand*.
| Specials tor Wednesday. Wrapper Flannels, 7c.
5- . and 3 c each— for this day only: Soap— Emporium Sivon none batter maie. About 37oO yards dark printed Wrapper
S£ 9x9 inch Doylie?, each 12o »o-day .......7 bans ton 25o Flanaels, ia neat figures and stripes,
J* Iixl2 i ch Doylies, fach 15c Corn Beef— Libry's 1- b tim. to-day every one a new design never shown oa
y l- r xl?> jnrh Do^ie', Aaoh..... 18o 2 tins 25o our counters before, a good 10c yahia
Sf Sales Table— Main Aisle. Corn — Golden Ru!e Scgar Corn, to-day, per an d a i arge \\ n9 o f eolorings to choose
£. .__ _-_ ._ _ can 7o from; on special sale to-day ¦—
5 These Clothes Bars Corn Meal— Bast ve!!ow M-al. granu- only— per yard mG
t? To-Day Only. 57c. '*'•*• tOf1av *° tbs fot% * 9 °
£ * *' Chicken Tamalcs-I X L to-aay QQ O ArtotyOCS, 33o.
*, /fiS 2 cans fan 25n _, _ . _ ,¦"*. * , . .
i ' Schepp's Fruit Pudding-To-diy We offer far Wedae^dayon 7. special
tf - 3 pa G xagcs25c standard Artotypes.. 22x2* inchea in
5* Coffee— Our famem Golden B^nd-4i lb» *™> C0 P^ °' e wor , k3 of celebrated
6 \* : Mfflwflikw^ f ' r 5/-OO-perlb 25C "tata, a hundred popular .ub--«
| BfW Whiskey-GooS quaUty Kentucky Bour-
ft • 0/ bon, regularly $2.dO per ga l>i.i, to-diy
% They are regu'arj 75c; the neatest, bar- Domestic Po'pter— T'ie'best"that m'oney 25c Cushion Tops, 14o
»? diest, most compact; dryer on the C an buy, regularly $1.25 per doz'n. to- ' Pretty 21 aad 22 inch squares of cotton
•» market; made of hard wood, fine fi:- d av ". °. O5o tapestry and haavy cotton duck, ia a
jj> iah; ba^ nire arms, 34 inches Ion ; \ m • \\"ii*.*"Gin*— Toe'gacuine "*A." V. H. erea' variety of co'ors and rfesignj,
tf when not in u?e hangs flat against the Back Battle H)iiand Gin, to-day, per some of the prettient 2 r .c Cishion Tops
J, • wa*l — on special sa'eths day _ .— boiti" $1*43 mide. 2iS in ali: on spec : al mjw
f? only, each d mC Main Floor— Rear. "* sae to-day — each «4rC
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPOSITTM.
I Purity in Itself
!; That's
j u Ko=Nut"
\ Ask your grocer for Pure Goods:
That's
"Ko=Nut"
A sterilized fat from the cocoanut.
f| Bread Shortened with
J."Ko=Nut" |
9 is delicious. Try it. j
I India Refining Co.
9 Philadelphia, Pa. |
DR. PIERCE'S SU^" Guarant.-ei
ELECTRIC V^\<. to De th;-Natives of Guam, says Judge Estee, are citizens of
the" United States. Just think of what our fellow
citizen, the Sultan of Su'lu, lost by running away ,
The Alameda murderer whose skull was . proof
against a self-infiicted bullet will probably discover
that his neck is a more pregnable part of his anatomy.
When the historian writes the story of the South
African republics it will not be difficultto guess to
whom his tribute will be paid— to a fleeing Kruger or
an exiled Cronje. _ . r
This dress is of lilac-ground printed
foulard. The corsage is formed of a lace
chemisette, rather vague in form' and
ridged with mauve comet ribbon. The
skirt is trimmed round the bottom with a
flounce of gathered lace.
FOULARD "AND LACE DRESS.
The Call does not hold Itself rf sponslble for
the opinions ; published in this column, but
presents them for whatever value they may
have as communications of general Interest.
To' tho Editoiv \ Professor ; Henry M.
Stephens, of Cornell University, In I1I3 lec
ture at the Young: Men's Christian Asso
ciation, gave us the history of the English
Asiatic dependencies as it Is presented to
the English youths • at Oxford and Cam
bridge universities and as It is specially
prepared for' those whose fathers have
stolen themselves rich from 1 British ./India
or whose f fathers have enjoyed fat* gov
ernmental positions at the cost of the
famine-stricken pecple. While the ' pro
fessor says that he does not wish to ex
press his own opinion cr discuss the ques
tion whether England is right or wrong in
her ; colonial 1 government— but will just
give history and facts for the instruction
of the people of i this country who will
have to. deal with the Malay race ¦ In its
colonies— he gives only those facts which
are apparently right, passing over the
main fast which is so decidedly wrongr
PROFESSOR STEPHENS.
AND HIS LECTURE
It wouid be difficult to determine who arc worse in
the savage, bnrbarmis war being waged in China — -
the Russians or the Chinese. The Russians appear to
have the advantage of more studied deviltry.
Mayor Phclan says, in apology for the eccentrici
ties of the city government, that the charter is not yet
jr. working order. His Honor is mistaken. The
charter is :n working order, but its work is coarse.
Even the Supervisors are not sure that the. charter
of shreds and patches will stand the strain of a test in
the courts. The renffinr.ation of the tax levy adopted
ia June is a deliberate confession of palpable weik
r.ess.
The lad> r who fireJ four shots at her spouse and is
row suing him for divorce on the ground of desertion
i' singularly deficient in a knowledge of the general
fitne?s of things. She probably expected the gentle
man not to ran.
San Joaqum County Democrats appear to be
r fifended because their nominees insist upon resign
ing the dubious honors thrust upon them. The nomi
nees mast be in reasonably clo^e touch with the men
who will vote in November.
G. C. Girdley of San Francisco Is at the
Arlington. J. W.-KUer of San Jose and
J. A. Bull of San Francisco are : at the
Raleigh. A. Murgotten and wlfo of San
Jose are at the St. James. C. L. Batchel
lor and \V. Hale of Los Angeles are at the
Metropolitan.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Sept. 18.— Mrs
CALIF0RNIANS IN WASHINGTON
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
It is probable the Liberals will denounce the disso- !
! lution at this time as a Tory trick, designed to take \
I advantage of the popular satisfaction over the vie- ;
j tories of Lord Roberts, and so obtain a new lease of ,
power. In fact, ever since the first intimation of an
intention to dissolve was given out the t Liberals and
the radicals have been denouncing what they call the
threat of *a "khaki campaign," and the London
Chronicle has greeted the dissolution by a declara
tion: "Lord Salisbury, as he always does, has yielded
to the strong man. He has stifled conscience, thrown*
scruples and justice to the winds, and succumbed to
Mr. Chamberlain, who is now the ruler of the Premier
and the country."
Such an attack from the opposition is natural, yet
ir is hardly justified. The present Parliament could
not live longer than another year at the utmost, and
*ince the British Government has now to undertake
riie pacification and. government- of the conquered
South African republics it is clearly advisable that an
appeal be taken to the people on the new issue and a
Parliament elected which can support a Ministry in
I office long enough to put its policy into effect..
As a matter of fact under ordinary circumstances
the Liberals and the radicals would be only too glad
to have Parliament dissolved, as an* election would
give them a chance at least to get possession of the
Government. Unfortunately at this juncture neither
the Liberals nor their radical allies have .'either a
policy to submit to the country or a leader to make
the campaign for them. They are wholly unprepared
for a fight, and are therefore very deeply indignant
that the Conservatives should force one upon them.
j While the South African problem Will probably be
[the chief subject of discussion during the campaign
\J ICTORIA has signed the proclamation for the
/ dissolution of Parliament, and it is announced
a writ will be issued summoning a new Parlia
'¦ ment to meet November 1. The political campaign
in Great Britain, coming on at the same time with
j our own, will illustrate the difference between the po
! litical methods of the two countries. We have al
ready been campaigning very busily for some weeks,
and yet the British will hold their elections, choose
their members of Parliament and get that body to
work a week before our election takes place. More
i over, even after we have elected a new House of Rcp-
I rcsentatives it cannot possibly meet before March 5,
j and is not likely to meet before next November.
I There are many respects in which our system is the
I better of the two, but so far as prompt expression of
i the will of the people is concerned the British plan
j is unquestionably the superior.
THE DISSOLUTION OF PARLIAMENT
the crowd
The transport Lawton will in all truth Be a pauper
ship when she returns with her army r of destitute
miners from Nome. By orders of the Government
the impoverished prospectors will be brought back
as freight rather than as passengers, so great will be
Considered in any and every liprht. strong objec
tions appear to the nmcrdnier!t and nothing to com
mend it. The new courts have not been asked for
by The people and there has been no campaign of
education on the part of the promoters of the scheme
to show reasons why it should be adopted. We end
as we began; the Supreme Court has killed the extra
s-c-HO'.i amendment, and how let the people kill that
ef the rejmlar seteion.
It is hardly nccess try to point out to the people of
California what influences, will be brought to bear
upon the Governor if the amendment be adopted ami
the appointments be in his hands. It is even probable
that the bosses who devised the scheme have already
picked out ihe men they will put into office should
"*¦ • • ¦ v. •'
the power be given tpem.
Furthermore it is to be noted the Justices of the
r.<"iv co-.irts are not to be elected by the people in the
first instance, but are to be appointed by the Gov
ernor. It is a sure conclusion that the persons ap
poirMcd will s?ek a nomination when the time comes
for the penple to elect, and, being already in office,
will have an advantage over all competitors. Thus
there will be saddled upon the judicial system of the
nine Judge?, whose tenure of office will be vir
tually by appointment, when the whole spirit of our
people is adverse to that method of selecting such
officials.
There \<- not the slightest need in California for the
proposed courts. Each of them is to have three Jus
tirc = . making nine in ?.H, and in addition there are to
be the usual officers, clerks and stenographers.
Something of expense u-ill therefore be added to the
already high cost nf the State judiciary. Moreover,
the amendment limits the jurisdiction of the Su
preme Court by griving to the proposed appellate
courts some of the authority now possessed by the
fur>reme tribunal. The change will disorder the ju
<r<~i:<l system and for a time at least will lead to an
increase of litigation until the confusion is overcome.
BY the -rlecifion 01 the Supreme Court the con
stitutional amendments proposed at the extra
se>sicm of the Legislature are null and voi<J be
c; use they were not included among the subjects with
which the extra session was called to deal.
The decision settles the amendment proposed at the
extra session creating three appellate courts. There
remains the amendment substantially the same which
tvas pa^sed at the regular session. It will be sub
rcittcd to the popular vote in November. The Su
prcme Court having killed the extra session amend
ment, the people should kill that of the regular ses-
Bion, for both are bad.
THE APPELLATE COURT SCHErtVE
Upon this issue there ought to be no division of
sentiment among the people. What county is there
ill-California that has not within this year lost much
by fires in the" fields, pastures or forests? -What,in
telligent man can consider those losses without per
ceiving the'lesson they teach?
This issue should be kept in the minds of the
voters in every legislative district in the State. There
is no other State issue of the time of so much or
such general importance. The great forests of the
world are being rapidly destroyed. Timber is becom
ing more and more valuable every day. It would pay
California to undertake forest cultivation on an ex
tensive scale. Germany maintains 'about' 10,000,000
acres of State forests on lands unfit for other cultiva
tion, and it is said derives from them an annual rev
enue equal to about $23,000,000. , Yet in Germany
trees do not grow with anything like • the beauty,
strength and profusion that they grow here. By sav
ing her forests Germany derives a' rich revenue,, from
them, but we, by neglecting ours, lose millions of dol
lars instead of gaining them. -
It is safe to say that no reasonable system of pro
tecting our forests will cost the people -of California
one-fourth as much as it costs to have no protection
at all. . Of a course to provide for protection there will
have to be taxes, but no tax that the State will 'deviss
will ever be so ruthless and so disastrous to a com
munity as the tax levied by fire.
By hard work the fire was extinguished and prop
erty saved. That is the record everywhere and in
every instance. The hard work, however, never saves
all the property. There is always a great deal de
stroyed. Credit is given to the men who fight the
fires and save property. Why, then, should there not
be much more credit given to men who will devise
a comprehensive system of forest preservation that
will virtually save it all?
The latest of these burning lessons was reported in
the dispatches from Santa Cruz on Monday, to this
effect: "A forest fire broke out on H. Cowell's
land, east of Big Trees, yesterday and worked toward
the famous grove. This afternoon the fire was re
ported less than a mile from Big Trees. Between the
fire and the trees is a densely wooded country. A
large force of men was out all night fighting the fire.
To-day section men wereadded to the force. A north
wind sprang up 'late this afternoon and turned the
flames away from the direction of Big Trees, but to
night the fire broke out in fresh places and is not -yet
under control. Several hundred men are now fight
ing it. Word was sent to the powder works for help.
The mills immediately shut down and all available
men went to the fire, armed with shovels. The con
flagration is about two miles from the mills. It i3
'expected the men will have it under control by morn
ing."
/~* ALIFORNIA is about to elect a Legislature.
( and that Legislature will be charged with the
duty of providing for California's welfare. As
if for the purpose of illustrating in the most striking
manner what is/her chief need in the way of legisla
tion this winter California is illuminating the cam
paign months with forest fires blazing in rapid suc
cession in all parts of her domain.
ONE MOKE BLAZING LESSON.
Rev. Dr. James M. King and family are
stopping at tho Occidental. Dr. King Is
secretary of the Church Extension So
ciety of the Methodist Episcopal chu*ch.
Ho has been attending the conference at
Pacific Grove. He will attend 'a similar
gathering In Nebraska the coming week.
Dr. King was for many years one of the
foremost orators and divines in New York
City. He championed a number of reform
measures while there, among them being
a law to wipe oyt the gambling dens. iDr.
King is author of "Facing the Twentieth
Century."
James M. King, secretary of the foreign
board of missions in the Methodist Epis
copal church,, with headquarters at Phil
adelphia, Pa., Is stopping at the Occiden
tal with his family. They have come West
on a pleasure trip.
William H. Read, an employe of the
United States Government, who has been
in the city for several days, with quarters
at the Occidental, goes to Victoria to-day
on the steamer Walla Walla,
Lady Petty and maid and Mrs. Lewder,
all of England, lj a ve returned to the Oc
cidental after an "absence of several days
In the Tosemlte. They will leav« to-day
for* Portland. .
John Flanagan, a millman from Men
doclno, and L. D. Bendlxen, a large Eu
reka shipbuilder, are in the city, making
their headquarters at the Grand.
A. J: Finlay, formerly of this city, but
who has spent the last three years in
Manila. la»home on a visit and is staying
at the Palace.
Dr. A. E, Nichols, who has been East
on a business and pleasure trip, Is stop
ping at the Occidental on his way back
to Honolulu.-" .'¦-*¦; .-./.^A
Commander F. L. Drake, stationed at
the Mare Island Navy-yard, is in town
for a few. days and is registered at the
Occidental. •
J. F. Lawless, auditor, and J. G. Wood
worth, traffic manager of the Oregon
Navigation Company, are stopping at the
Palace.
M. P. Morgan and wife are stopping at
the Grand. Mr. Morgan is a prominent
mining man at Angels Camp.
Captain M. F. Taylor, manager of an
extensive ranch at San. Simeon, is at the
Occidental.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Judge J. M. Mannon of Ukiah is at the
Lick.
Dr. C. W. Doyle o£ Santa, Cruz Is at the
Grand. •
R. J. Billou, a San Jose merchant, is at
the Grand.
C. O. Downs, a miner of Sutter Creek,
Is at the Occidental.
C. N. Garrard, an Arizona miner, is reg
istered, at the Grand.
Francisco Rohrmoser of Costa Rica Is
registered at the Occidental.
A. S. Goldereserder and son from Rus
sia are stopping at the Palace.
A. M. Brown, a Grizzly Flats mining
man, is registered at the Lick.
W. H. McKenzie, a well-known banker
In Fresno, is stopping at the Lick.
R. W. Skinner, an extensive fruit
packer at'Marysville, is at the Grand.
A short time ago Colonel John S. Mosby
of this city wrote to the Secretary of the
Treasury asking If, in his opinion— and in
the event Bryan was elected — It would be
In his power to make use of standard sti
ver dollars in the payment of the Govern
ment's obligation.. Yesterday he received
the following letter In reply:
Treasury Department, Office of the Sec
retary! Washington, Sept. 13. WOO.
Mr. John S. Mosby. San Francisco. Cal.—
•Sir: In reply to your letter of the 6th
lnst. I have to say that the Secretary has
recently stated publicly that. In his opin
ion, a President, unfriendly to the exist
ing standard of value, would have It In
his power to seriously Injure the business
Interests of the country by paying in
standard silver dollars such obligations of
the United States a3 are not specifically
payable In gold.
The amount of standard silver dollars
available for this purpose at present Is
comparatively small, but it Is believed
that upon indication of a purpose on th«*
part of the Government to disburse them
In preference to gold the amount of pay
ments into the treasury in, sliver would
be largely augmented, thus providing the
Government with additional silver with
wnich to make further payments.
It Is also believed that in the event of
such action unfriendly to the existing
standard the commercial and Industrial
interests of the country would be inju
riously affected, not only by the actual oc
currence, butvby apprenension as to the
final results. Respectfully yours.
F. A. VANDERLIP.
Assistant Secretary.
HOW NATIONAL CREDIT
MIGHT BE DISHONORED
"That's a terrible noise In the nursery.
Mollle." said the mistress. "What's th*
matter? Can't you keep th« baby qui^t?"
"Shure. ma'am." replied Mollle>. "I can't
keep him quiet unless I let him make a
noise."— St. Louis Globe-Democrat.
NO ALTERNATIVE.
"Anything special 'bout the polltlcat
rally last night?"
"Yes: the srand stand didn't break
down."— Chicago News.
UNIQUE
First Crook — Wot I says I?, "Why shouM
a pore man pay rites and taxes— wot dr>ea
the country do for 'im, I'd like ter know?"
Second Crook— Well, don't you talk—
they keeps you in board and lodging and
free "air cut six months a year, so you
car'nt grumble:— Moonshine.
Beggar— My dear sir, won't you heip
m«? I have no place to lay my head
Mr. Savidge — Oh. indeed! Well, there's
a railroad track about three Wocks fur
ther on.— Standard and Times.
HAD NO RIGHT TO KICK.
"Do you really love me, John?"
"Awfully. Katie!"
"How nice that Is! But don't tell any
body, for the world!"
(Pause of a few moments.)
"Do you really and truly love me.
John?"
"To distraction, Katie!"
"Well, don't tell anybody— but me!"—
Chicago Tribune.
DIRECTING HIM.
Guide— Now. then! Aim between hla
eyes and pull the trigger!
Cholly— Y— Yes! And what then?
Guide — Why, then I'll shoot him.— Puck.
KEEPING IT QUIET.
HUNTING IN MAINK.
"You must remember that our country
Is enormously rich," remarked the Chi
nese mandarin. •
"Yea," answered the Caucasian. "But
somehow you don't seem to fe able to
buy much of anything witH all your
money, except the privilege of being
whipped every once in a while."—Wash
ington Star.
INDEMNITIES.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
The Phelanitc administration is at least liberal to
itself. 4/ tcr demanding what it pleased for the con
duct of the various municipal departments it now in
sists that taxpayers shall pay $300,000 more than the
most extravagant demands involved.
A London paper dated August 9. 1900,
gives softie history which the professor
did not mention in his lecture, although
he mentioned the person who he says
invented the tax collector's business in
India, giving these persons full credit for
their intellectuality in the execution of
their civilizing influences. The article re
ferred "to says: "Taxes are still being
diligently collected in the famine-stricken
district in India. Wearing apparel, beds,
plows and small household stores of grain
are seized. In one case a woman was
compelled to undress in the presence of
the collectors that they might see whether
she had anything concealed on her per
son. Floors have been duer up with the
same object, and nothing has own found.
Sick people have been evicted, watchmen
have been placed at the village wells and
people prevented from taking water until
the Government dues were paid. These
sufferers are of course just above the ab
eolutp want line, •which drives people on
to relief works (3 cents a day). It in the.
British behest that they b*» all pauper
ized." I... K. P. VAN BAGGEN.
Ex-Official of the Department of Mines
and Mining of the South 'African Re
public at Pretoria.
San Francisco. Cal.. Sept. 17, 1900.
that he thinks It best to keep It to him
self; l. e., the fact of the ownership of
land in British India. Who stole and
swindled the natives out of their land and
made them unable to guard against fam
ine and pestilence, as in the days of the
Rajahs?
The professor should remember that he
is Jn America and net in England, that he
is addressing a people whose fathers have
not yet stolen the Malays' lands, and ho
is, therefore, allowed the privilege of stat
ing the whole truth regarding tne history
of the sad condition of ttiat unhappy
country and its people.
In Java and the other Dutch colonies no
white man is allowed to ¦ buy land from
the native Malays or other native races.
During the time of Napoleon, when these
Dutch colonies were under English rule
for eight or ten years, the English started
in their land grabbing system, and all the
land taken from the natives bywhite men
was taken " under • English rule, except
some Government land which was the
property of the Government since the
East India Company was established. In
Java 25.000.000 people live in abundance,
while only a quarter of the island is pop
ulated, and the size of Java is not more
than one-third that of California. It was
well for these people that English rule
did not last there or the English land
grabbers would have owned or mortgaged
every bit of good land on the island and
slavery and starvation would have been
tho result.
of a dark situation— every cloud has its
silver lining, you know— I have been able
to live quite placidly. If women could
only be brought to the realization of the
power of the mind we would have more
healthy and happy members of our sex."
Miss Russell is not the only advocate of
the faith cure in the theatrical profession.
Many actresses *go to greater lengths in
their advocacy of the cult than the prima
donna. But It is news at this time that
this beautiful woman, with everything
that a female heart could desire at her
disposal, should come out in advocacy of
the theory of the superiority of the mind
over matter.
AIRY, FAIRY LILLIAN, WHOSE
FADS MANAGE TO GET INTO
THE PAPERS.
The letter speaks for itself. Republicans should need
no further urging to get their names enrolled upon
the great register. Unless registered, no one can vote.
The citizen who neglects the duty forfeits his fran
chise at the coming election. The issues are impor
tant, for the welfare of the whole country is depen
dent upon the result of the vote for Presidential
electors. All who desire to cast a vote for prosperity
and good government should register at once. .
Citizens should not wait for the last day — Sep
tember 26. Now is the time to avoid the rush. It
takes only a few minutes. Yours very truly,
GEORGE STONE,
Chairman Republican State Committee.
. Editor of The Call: There are a great many
citizens under the impression that because they
voted at the election last November there is no
necessity to register at the coining election. That
is a mistake. All registrations prior to January
1, 1900, have been canceled. The law requires
every citizen to register for the coming election.
The registration office at the City Hall is open
from 8:30 a. m. to 10 p. m.
THE DUTY Cf REGISTRATION.
*
J\* VNY times-of late The. Call has directed the at
/ \ tention of Republicans to the duty of regis
tration, and now comes the following letter
which renews the urging:
P. A. Bergerot, the Kelly chairman of the Repub
lican local convention, owes a solemn duty to him
self. He ought to, take himself into his own confi
dence and learn what everybody else knows — that he
is a creature of the man whoplaced him in the chair.
"This is not a new belief with me," con
tinued Miss Russell. "I have had as much
trouble as any woman, but I have found,
all through my life, that by persistently
concentrating my mind on the bright side
"Of course, I do not believe that I could
wish myself a new arm should I have one
cut off by a Broadway cable car, nor do I
believe that . my mind would be strong
enough to equip me with a new lung
should I fall a victim to the ravages of
consumption. I do not go to these lengths.
But I do say that we are too prone to drug
ourselves and that the- mind is in such su
preme control that the ordinary Ills of life
can be cured by thought concentration.
"When I am fatigued and would fain
seek rest when I should be at work, I
simply insist to myself that I am fresh
and strong, and, lo, I become fresh and
strong at once. By concentrating my mind
on the undertaking I have cured hic
coughs when all other known remedies
have failed.
"I have noticed, however," she said yes
terday, during an Intermission In the
"Weber & Fields matinee, "that when I
get headaches I am able to get rid of
them by simply concentrating my mind
on the proposition that I have no head
ache. This, in connection with some
bromo seltzer and smelling salts, never
fails to relieve tfne.
At the outset, says a writer In a New
York paper, it may be said that Miss Rus
eell has never been seriously ill in her
life, and that her health at the present
time is so good that she is almost
ashamed of herself. It is. hard Indeed for
a woman to work as many as two hours
a day on a hot, stuffy stage and be un
able to produce a single pain. Even on
days when there is a matinee M(ss Rus
sell retains her scandalous freedom from
bodily aches and pains.
After long end diligent study of the
question of religion Lillian Russell has
announced to her friends. that she Is an*
out-and-out faith curist. She does not
subscribe to the doctrines of Mrs. Eddy,
of the Christian Science cult, in their en
tirety, but so strongly Is she convinced of
the power of the mind over the tendency
of the body to become disorderly that she
Is almost hoping for a severe attack of
Illness, in order that she may give the
theory a test. - »
Finds, However, That Smelling Salts
and* Bromo Seltzer Are
Great A ds
SHE ONLY USES 'THINKS"
Prima Donna Relieves Aches
aind Pains Almost in
WEDNESDAY SEPTEMBER 19, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to VV. S. LEAKE, Manager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE «^j._jj_ T*" lep ?i^T~?^5^!Li?£i
VLULICATIOX OFFICE. .Mnftft nnd Third. S. V.
Telephone Tress -01.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 21T to 22t Stevenson St.
Telephone I'ress 2O2.
Delivered t»r Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Week.
Mr.K.l«- CopfeM. 5 Cents.
Trma Jiy Inrlndlne PontaffCl
DAM-Y CA1.L. (including Funflay), one year M».M
DAILT CALti (including Sunday), 6 month" tM
DAIL.T CALL (Includinp Sunday), I months 1.59
DAILY CALL— By Slncle Month «5c
FUSDAT CALL Ore T>&r LS9
WEEKLY CALL One Year •• LOO
All postmasters itre sinfhorUed to recelre
subscriptions.
Ut;> ccpln will be forwarded «t»n recaeated.
OAKLAND OFFICE HIS Uroadrray
GEORGE C KROGNESS.
W?r.8rer Fce<£n Advertising, fv'arquette Building. Chicago.
«Lcr* DirUnee Telephone "Central 2613.")
Ms!! »ubs(— • :ber* in oraTlng change of a<S<Sre»« should be
particular to Five bcth iCEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to :::»ure a prcrnpt »r.d correct ocTr.rl'.ance with their request.
N1TW TORK COJ'.P.ESPONDEXT:
C. C. CARLTCN Heraid Square
TCEW YORK JtKrKESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 23 Tribune Building
.
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
WE)«OT-f-A£tcrta Hotel; A. Brer.tano, SI Union Squire:
Jiurra> H::i Hctei.
CHICAGO NKV.S STANDS:
£!:enr.*Ti FIot:se; P. O. New* Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
TYtrnost Hcufe; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON [D. C.) OFFICE 1405 G St.. N. W.
MORTON t. CRANE, Correspondent.
bBASCF OFF!CES-5T7 Monte-orrery, corner of Clay, open
tr.ll USB o'clock. SCO Hayes. c-r<-n vnt'A 9:30 o'clock. 6S3
JieAtllrier. o»>!i vrstil t:20 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
r/rleck. ::•<! *¦". :tsion. cp<*n until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
corner £.x:eeruh. cj-rn tir.tll i o'clock. 1C3S Valencia, open
ur-.il * ./clock. :CC nieverth. cjitn until S o'clock- N"W cor
:.-:¦ Tireaty • p^capC ard Kfruucky. op«ii until 5 o'clock.
LILLIAN RUSSELL'S NEW
BRAND OF FAITH CURE
Boardman Michael Robinson showg in
the same gallery an Interesting study of
the gardens of St. Cloud, near Paris. It
is a good example of the school at present
so popular in France— the low toned, re
served, synthesized method; a little mor
bid perhaps, but with a deep and tender
reach into the darkness after new and
elusive truths that art yet holds in her
capricious hands.
in another gallery are some fascinating:
etchings of Evert Van Muyden—"anlma
lier." as he styles himself. This young
animal painter-etcher is rapidly acquir
ing fame in his chosen line, and the two
specimens of his work in question, a cou
ple of studies of the black panther, are
fine examples of hia quick, sensitive and
spirited pencil. He has admirably caught
the character of the fierce, agile and cow
ardly brute, its cruel strength and lithe
beauty.
A passing glimpse of the new Sloss pos
session reveals a delicious symphony in
moonlight, a red-roofed adobe cottage,
with flame-lit window? shadowed by a
solitary pine, and over all the still, cool,
limpid moonlight. The picture Is like
a Stevenson sketch in paint, fuJJ of the
romance and mystery of night, richly
suggestive, and true with, a truth tnat
touches almost to tears. It is eminently
simple in subject, composition and hand
ling.
By way of this, a fair art critic hear
ing mention of Mr. Peters' name in the
gallery where for an accidental moment
Mr. Slosa* picture rested, inquired if there
were any of the famous moonlighter's
subjects to be seen — she adored them. etc.
On being directed to the gaUery she fixed
her critical gaze admiringly on a neigh
boring moonlight confection— all frills of
froth on the wavelets and with awan
down clouds about a moon that never
shone on sea or land — and said enthusias
tically, "I should know a Peters wherever
I saw It!"
In the same gaUery is an ambitious
child portrait, life size, painted by N.
Moller, whose two portraits of John Fer
ry Jr. are still to be seen there. His is a
curious, careful, obvious method, entirely
without subtlety, originality or distinc
tion. As a likeness the portrait is proba
bly good, the model is certainly "pretty,
but the child is posed about as wrongly
as the most vivid imagination could con
ceive. The line of the curtains which
form the background cuts clean through
the child's head, the arms hang stiffly by
the sides and their line of continuation
would carry them exactly parallel with
two equally stiffly posed black-stockinged
limbs below.
A delightful moonlight effect of Charles
Rollo Peters will soon make its appear
ance In the gallery of Louis Sloss. Mr.
Peters is still painting in Monterey, and
will shortly take his summer gleanings
back to New York.
A large collection of the late artist's
pictures have been gathered together,
numbering in all nearly 500, and no fewer
than fifty of her favorite subjects have
been retained by Mrs. R. E>. Yelland in
addition to these. The work extends over
a period of several years, and the exhi
bition is fully representative of the art
ist's different methods, and, to judjre front
the interest so far shown, the financial
resu»t of the exhibition should be most
gratifying to those in charge of the af
fair.
kins Institute of Art. to begin on
Thursday, September 20." There will also
be a "private view and reception, with
music,' for members only," on Wednes
day evening. ¦ . . J . *;
5 HE San Francisco Art Association
announces "an exhibition and sale
of the paintings of the late Ray
mond D. Yelland at the Mark Hop-
ART AND ARTISTS.
Such is the programme Bryan proclaims in his let
ter of acceptance. What intelligent man on that show
ing can consider the Philippine question to be the
paramount issue before the people? So long as the
industrial prosperity and financial integrity of the na
tion is menaced by a party demanding free trade and
free silver, so long will that menace be the chief issue
before the voters. As President McKmley has said,
"Another issue may be paramount, but this is imme
diate." ¦
In commenting upon Roosevelt's letter of accept
ance on Monday morning the Examiner said; "Gov
ernor Roosevelt is Very sure that we ought not . to
have the free coinage of silver. It is believed, al
though space was lacking to dwell upon it, that he is
equally opposed to the Ptolemaic system of astron
omy, the Virginia and Kentucky resolutions and the
Lecompton constitution of Kansas." Those were gay
and galliard words, but now comes Bryan in his let
ter of acceptance and commends the action of the
Kansas City convention because, among other things:
"The platform reiterates the demand contained in the
Chicago platform for an American financial system
made by the American people for themselves. The
purpose of such a system is to restore and maintain a
bimetallic level of prices, and in order that there may
be no uncertainty as to the method of restoring bi
metallism the specific declaration in favor of free and
unlimited coinage at the existing ratio of 16 to i in
dependent of the action of other nations is repeated."
The struggle for the standard of value is^not the
only bygone contest which Bryan revives, Tie an
nounces an opposition to the Dingley' tariff hardly
less determined than that to the gold standard.
Should he be elected the fiscal policy of the nation
is to be once more made the subject of Democratic
tinkering and the whole commercial and industrial
system to be disturbed. Furthermore, he an
nounces a direct antagonism to the recent currency
and banking legislation. Thus his election to the
Presidency would mean an overturn of all the bases
on which our prosperity rests. It would be a revolu
tion affecting every trade and every home in .the
country.
Alas for those who put their trust in Bryan! The
wmdy man who but a short time ago promised com-'
pliance with the plan'of ignoring silver is now to the
front waving the free silver and the free trade banner
with all his might and shouting for it with all his
lungs.
For supine time past the Democratic leaders and
their organs have been trying to put the money ques
tion aside and to deceive the public into a belief, that
the free coinage of silver is not an issue in this cam
paign. For a time Bryan gave encouragement to the
trick and kept silent about silver. A short time ago
when a correspondent of the New York Herald asked
him whether if elected President he would pay in sil
ver all the obligations of the Government not speci
fically payable in gold he refused to answer the ques
tion. Gaining confidence by that action of their
leader, the orators and the organs of Bryanism be
came bolder in scoffing at the financial question. They
ridiculed any suggestion that such an issue is before
the people, and firmly took their stand upon the
declaration that the one issue of the time is the "para
mount issue" of imperialism.
BRYAN'S letter of acceptance is nothing more
than a wordy and windy expatiation upon the
various planks of the Kansas City platform.
With a degree of moderation remarkable in him,' he
put aside whatever inclination he may have had to
write big words about the "paramount issue," and,
after declaring he had said enough on that subject in
his notification speech, he passed on to a considera
tion of the remaining pledges of his party. Of course
he indorses and promises to uphold every declaration
of the Kansas City convention, and the only notable
passages in his letter are those in which he reaffirms
his opposition to the gold standard and the protective
tariff.
BRYAN'S flCCEPTfiNCE.
Altogether the election is going to be a most im
portant one, and the result will have an influence
upon the development of British policies at home and
abroad which will be felt for years. to come,
An interesting feature of the campaign will be the
course taken by the labor organizations. British
workingmen, like those of other countries, have
hitherto been divided between the two great parties,
but lately efforts have been made to form a Labor
party, to act, as the Irish party has done, as a distinct
organization for the purpose of carrying out a defi
nite programme of legislation. Should that move
ment prove effective it is quite likely the historic
Whig party will go to pieces, the conservative mem
bers of the organization going over to the Tories,
while the radicals will affiliate with the workingmen.
there are many domestic issues that will have to be
met. One of these is a demand for a redistribution of
seats in Parliament, ethers are involved in various
measures* of reform advocated by workingmen, and
there will be of course more or less attention given
in many constituencies to the inevitable Irish ques
tion.
THE SA1ST FRANCISCO CALL, * AVEDNESDA Y, SEPTEMBER 19, 1900.
HER SUSPICIONS AROUSED.
"I wish you would read this article," he
sold. * ; ¦ *-
"What's it about?" she asked.
"It's about the danger of getting angry
and it was written by a physician," ha
replied. ¦ .
She looked at him sharply, for a. minute.
"What have you, been doing now?" she
asked. 'What kind of a confession are
you about to make?"— Chicago Post.
6
UNPLEASANTLY REMINDED
"A man should not feel old at 50 "
"He wouldn't If his friends were" not so
determined that he ought to feel old "—
Chicago Record.
HOTEL DEI, COROXADO-Speclal lummer
rates still In effect at this beautiful country
home, where summer and winter are one. At
4 New Montcotnery street. San Francisco, get
rates with special round-trip summer ticket.
Keep looklnc youne a ad *ave your hair. Its
color and beauty with Parker's Hair Balsam.
Hlndercorns. th* best ear* for corns. 15 ct».
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 610 Mont-
gomery at. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c p*r tb at Townaend's.*
Grand 0p»ra-hoe*e--;VQuo Vaal5."
A\rgzs:T—"Ti:c Widow's: Husband."
1 v -"Faust."
t"o!uirb : »- "Tho I>;!s" and "^ayoleon's Guard."
A!harobr»-VEJiJj< Ahoy."
Calif orr.ia — (Irand Opera, Bunftajr night, September 21
Orjiheua — Vau-ieville.
Olympian corner Mason and EJJy streets — Sjwialtle*.
Chute*-, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon ana
prates.
Fischer' P—Va'J •Seville.
BiRSUnz Uros.' Circus. Sixteenth anfl Fo!*ora street*.
t-hern.an-Ciey Hjll- Song Recital. Thursday evening, Sep-
t'Sibr tO.
PBtro Bath*— Open citfxbs.
Tanfcran Park— The Or»at Fair, September 24 to October 6.
Races. Oaklar.d Track— Sat ur£av. September 12.
alujsements.
AUCTION SALES.
By E. Cc-hn— Tfr'.r <iaj\ at 1 GoMen place. Furniture.NETV YORK- Sailed Sept IS— Stmr Tauria. for
Uverpool; stmr KaiserLn Maria Theresa, for
Bremen, via Cherbourg and Southampton; stmr
Emia. for Liverpool. •
BOULOGNE— Arrived Sept 18— Stmr Maas
darn. from New York, for Rotterdam, and pro
ceeded.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
TO SAIL.
WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 19.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE. — The high and low waters occur at
th« city front (Mlsslon-strert wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide la the same at both places.
Sun rises 5:51
Sun sets '..6:12
Moon rises 1:57 a. m.
other Flemish, Italian and English paint
ers, many of them of the best. Tho Amer
ican painters, both of the earlier set and
the more modern men. are moderately
well represented, though other galleries
contain more complete collections. Still
there is a good showing, particularly of
the men who flourished from the early
'30s to the late '60s. A fine portrait of Mr.
Marquand by John S. Sargent must be
noted, and there are two masterpieces by
the late Georee Inness. The sculpture Is
of a historical Interest, rather than ar
tistic, although there are not wanting
many good pieces. Among the donors has
been the late Miss Catherine Wolf, who
bequeathed to the museum all the pictures
In her galleries, together with the sum of
1200,000 with which to maintain and In
crease the collection. The museum is ac
cessible to the public, and there are no
restrictions whatever, while every facility
Is offered to the student to familiarize
himself with its treasures.
The year 1870 seems to have been a
propitious time for the founding of mu
seums or their enlargement. The Metro
politan and the Boston museums j were
organized in that year, and Congress dur
ing the same year chartered the Corcoran
Gallery of Art. which was made possible
through the liberality of the great phil
anthropist. William W. Corcoran. In this
year the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine
Art. finding It had outgrown the propor
tions of its old building, arranged for a
new site. This institution had its first
building in Chestnut street, Philadelphia,
destroyed by fire In 1S15. Its present abode
in Broad street dates from the centennial
year. A large proportion of the $500,000
which it cost was subscribed by about 15'i
business houses and private citizens In
sum ranging from $1000 to $10,000, mainly
through the untiring exertions of James
L. Claghorn, then president of the insti
tution.
In 18S6 a J10O.O00 endowment fund wa9
subscribed, and this has since been In
creased by $02,000. of which $71,000 was left
by George S. Pepper, ninth president of
the academy. Edward L.. Cary. fourth
president; Henry C. Gibson, a vice presi
dent, and Joseph E. Temple, a director of
the academy, have left collections and
funds, while the Field collection, from a
traits, compositions, landscapes, copies of
old masters and heads, together with
sketches, unfinished oils, studies In sepia,
chalk and many drawings. Most Inter
esting and valuable are th* canvases by-
Gilbert Stuart, than which no gallery has
po complete a collection. Unquestionably
the most notable of these is the famous
"Athenaeum" head of Washington, which
was painted from life in 17'.»>. and which
is familiar through reproductions of all
sorts. There is also a portrait of Martha
Washington, which was painted at tho
same time, as well as the portrait of
"Washington at Dorchp?ter Heights, which
Stuart is said to have painted in nine
days.
Note— This study, by Arthur Hoeber of
New York, will be concluded on Wednes
day next.
The late Dr. Oliver Wendell Holmes
once said that "to have a portrait in the
family painted by Copley is to most Bos
tonians a trade-mark of respectability."
Here may be seen likenesses of many
prominent people. Including (lenorat War
ren. John Hancock. Samuel ami John
Quincy Adams and many others. NTU
urally, of course, the late "William M.
Hunt Is well represented. There are two
portraits of himself, one of a lady, some
studies of figures and animals, with a
landscape or two. all of whirh are most
Interesting and show th«» man's strong
personality. "With them are many rf hia
drawings. The ancient pictures are fairiy
representative, and thore are a number of
works by the early Kr.pMshmen. hut the
rate Frenchman are better in evidence.
Corot haa a portrait, r.ve excellent land
scapes and a figure composition; Jean
Francois Millet has a portrait, two pic
tures and thirty drawing and water col
ors, and Thomas Coutxire. he of the "De
cadence of the Romans." has five works.
There are several native achievements,
pictures executed within recent years,
that have been noteworthy efforts and
called forth popular approval. Among
the^ft may be mentioned "El Jaleo," by
John S. Sargent; John W. Alexandrr'3
"Pot of Basil, " Oeorgp de Forrest Brush's
"Mother and Child," the "Caritas" of Ab
bott H. Thayer. Kllhu Vedder'4 "The
Roc's Egg" and George Fuller's "Are
thusa."
••LOST." BT F. A. SCHENCK.
(In the Metropolitan Museum.)
Benefit to a Veteran.
A concert for the benefit of Veteran Bob
T. Roberts will be given to-night at Old
Cambrian Hall, 1133 Mission street, under
the auspices of the Cymrodorlon Society.
Many well-known artists have volun
teered.
•
Millmen Not Remainteg Idle.
The striking millmep are preparing to
start up two mills, which will be run on
eight-hour time in competition with the
regular nine-hour mills. One will be on
Brannan street, between Fourth and
Fifth, and the other will be near Sixth
and Bluxome streets. It is expected that
the two mills will give employment to
about fifty hands. If the necessary capi
tal can be raised a third and larger mill
willbe started in the vicinity of- Second
and Brannan streets, ihe machinery to be
taken from a -large will in Stockton.
President McCarthy of the Building
Trades Council Is expected home from his
Eastern trip October 1.
WILL PAY THEIR FINES *
FOR SMUGGLING GOODS
Officers of the Solace Will Make Good
the Customs Dues on Contra
band Articles.
The officers of the United States hos
pital ship Solace will pay duty on the
goods they brought over from China,
after all, but they will make their pay
ments in the shape, of fines rather than
duties. Chauncey M. fit. John. Chief
Deputy Surveyor of the Port, and J. D.
Power, the special agent of the Treasury
Department, followed the. ship to Mare
Island on Monday and returned from that
station yesterday. -In the meantime they
had secured from the officers who had
brought in the goqds ai. agreement to pay
either the fine. or the duty on the contra
band articles.
Besides the good's there are twenty" Chi
nese aboard the boat without certificates,
and Deputy St. John left a strong guard
of« customs -i officers aboard to watch
them. He extended to Captain Wlnslow
every courtesy, and Captain ..Winslow on
the other hand offered him every facility,
and St. John expresses himself as willing
to allow the ship . every latitude. Cap
tain Winslow promised to turn over to
the appraisers all goods declared to be
In violation of the customs laws, and
will, on the part of his subordinates, pay
fines for them to ¦ a figure eaual to the
customs charges. The goods consist of
135 packages of silks, chinaware and
other goods. . - )
MACHINE EXPLODES AND
KNOCKS OUT TEAMSTER
Disinfectant Sprayer Gets Out of Or
<' ? -der and Injures a Presidio
Employe.
Teamster Kaufman, while engaged In
spraying the stables lately occupied by
glandered horses at the Presidio, was se
verely injured by the explosion of the
patent device he was using. A valve on
the top of the machine blew out. striking
Kaufman on the chin, knocking him
senseless and cutting a gash that required
several stitches to bring U together. He
was treated at the pout hospital and will
keep to his bed for several days.
The remains of eleven soldiers who died
In Manila were buried in the National
Cemetery yesterday.
The prisoners returned to Alcatraz on
Friday last owing to lack of sufficient
guards at the Presidio, will still perform
the manual labor at the' reservation. A
detail of forty general prisoners for the
Presidio and fifteen for Fort McDowell
will be sent over every morning from
Alcatraz and returned at night. They will
be worked in larger squads to reduce the
number of sentries required.
Seven Insane patients from the general
hospital will be sent In a day or so to the
Government hospital for the Insane at
Washington. D. C. They will be in charge
of a non-commissioned officer and five
privates.
Lieutenant A. M. Ferguson, Thlrty
elxth Infantry, U. S. .V., has been -^as
signed to duty as quartermaster on the
transport Lenox, sailing from Portland to
the Philippines.
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second tlmfl column gives th« second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on th«
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of th« lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal..
8e»tember 18. 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., in charge. ;
THE contractors are losing no time
In getting ready to blow up Arch
Rock. The Booner that job .is over
the sooner will they get their final
payment from Uncle Sam. The final
payment Is what they are looking for,
and upon the length of time it takes to
get It depends their profit or loss.
More explosives will/ be used in the
blowing- up of Arch Rock than the com
bined amounts used in blowing up Shag
Rock and Shag Rock No. 2. The rend
ing force of the powder will be terrific,
but the chances are that the concussion
will not be any greater than on either
of the former occasions.
Arch Rock haB been a menace to navi
gation ever since the days of '49. and even
though the people of SausaJlto object to
Its destruction because it Is one of the
Eights of the bay, still tfie pilots call it
a "dangerous spot" and they say it should
have been removed long ago.
"When they come to survey that spot,"
eaid. Pilot Frank Boyd yesterday, "they
will find every Inch of ground in the
vicinity 'of Arch Rock covered with an
chors and chains. Coasters and deep
water ships by the hundred have come
within an ace of going on the rock and
had to slip lheir anchors in order to get
clear. "The anchor, chain and hawse
pipe picked up- by the Sea \" King on
Monday was not that of th© Autocrat. It
belonged to the old American ship High
lander. The Highlander was making port
early In 1S61 and drifted down on Arch
Rock In a fog. The anchor was let .go
and it held too well, tearing the hawse
pipe out of the ship and nearly all of the
bow of the ehlp with it. The Highlander
was afterward got o/f and her cargo was
saved.
"The first vessel that I remember being
wrecked on Arch Rock," continued Cap
tain Boyd, "was the pilot boat Sea Witch.
That was in 1S55. All the pilots had
'boarded oft' and the schooner was com
ing in in charge of the boat-keeper.
There was a dense fog and the boat
keeper mistook Arch Rock for a sloop
under sail and getting his course accord
ingly made the mistake of his life. All
hands were saved, but the Sea Witch was
a total loss.
"The next wreck was that of the clip
per ship Flying Dragon In the winter of
1861-62. She made i.ho fastest run on rec
ord from Newcastle, N. S. W., 35 days,
and anchored off Meiggs wharf. Captain
Watson, the well known marine surveyor,
was in command of the vessel, but the
jilot was etill In charga when the acci
dent happened. A eudaen change of wind
and a flerca squall drove tne- Flying
Dragon dawn on the Rock and she be
came a total loss.
"The next vessel lost on the rock was
the baik Autocrat In 1*69. She was loaded
with coal and drifted down to her doom
In a dense fog. Since that time number
less, vessels have made the acquaintance
of Arch Rock and -always to their disad
vantage. The old ferry-boat Clinton went
on one of its ledges in a fog and the
steamer Oregon, now running between the
Sound and N'ome. loet her bilges on it.
The old bark Corumbia stuck on It for a
day and a night, and last of all, the bark
Ceylon drifted down on it a few months
ago and was saved by the quarantine
eteamer Sternberg. As it was, the Cey
lon lost all her sheathing. It would take
a page to give the number of vessels that
have just escaped going on Arch Ruck
by slipping their cables, and when the
contractors come to boring I'll guarantee
they will find more chain and anchors
than rock."
In the old days it was a favorite amuse
ment for the young men of North Beach
to wait for a very low tide and then pull
a boat through under the arch. Captain
Frank Murphy, one of the best known of
the pilots, pulled a Whitehall through the
arch in 1857. Two of the crew of the pilot
boat Golden Gate pulled a yawl through
in 1S59, and then a couple of years later a
couple of men tried to repeat the trick,
but a heavy swell was rolling in through
the Golden Gate and they were crushed
against the top of the arch. Since that
time rowboats nave kept away from Arch
Rock.
It haa often been suggested to have a
lighted buoy on Blcssora Rock and Pre
ridio Shoal. Blossom Rock having only
j<H4 fc»t on it and Presidio Shoal only 14&
feet at low water. It might be said that
when lights on Alcatras or Yerba Buena
or North Head arid Fort Point can be seen
there is no reason for getting cloRe to
these dangers, but when the curtain of fog
falls suddenly at night after passing In
side the Heads there isnot much time to
choose positions, especially on a flood tide.
Three Vessels in Collision.
The schooners Guide and Premier ar
rived from coast ports Monday night.
The wind fell light as they were sailing
up the bay, and off Folsom street they
came together. Both schooners drifted
down or. the naval resarye steamer Ma
rlon, but no damage waft done to her; but
the little ship Portsmouth that was used
in the parade and was riding beside the
old sloop-of-war was dismasted. Later
the tup Ida W cleared the vessels and
took the Premier to Mission Bay. The
Guide, left to herself, drifted down on the
cuble. and all of yesterday, communica
tion with Oakland by telephone was stop
ped. Damage to all the vessels except
the Portsmouth was light.
Sailing of the Thomas.
The transport Thomas got away for Ma
nila yetterday. She took along a number
of recruits and several nurses.
Water Front Notes.
Captain M. A. Carr, one of the New
York pilots, is in town. Yesterday he
was the guest of, Pilots Swanson, Free
man, Ersklne and Murphy. Captain Carr
will Icuve to-day for Salt Lake en route
for New York.
The steamer Walla Walla will get awav
for Puget Sound to-night. At dusk last
night a crowd of merchandise laden
teams was strunir from Broadway wharf
to the ferries, and some of the teamsters
had to stay by their wagons all night in
order to get their loads received.
, Hans Nelson, a sailor, was stabbed
tv/ice on Ka-st street early yesterday
morning. He was taken to the,- Harbor
Hospital* wfcere his wounds were dressed.
H> asserts that he does not know who
his assnllants were.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Hatters of Interest to Mariners and
• Shipping Merchants.
The Gormen steamer Eva loads flour at Ta
coma for Vladivostok and Hongkong; the Fal
con, railroad ties for Fallnan Cruz; the Gali
lee, merchandis« to Tahiti direct; the General
Banning, merchandise to Altata; the John A.
Campbell, lumber at port Blakeley for Hono
lulu; the Low Wood, lumber at New What
com to a direct nitrate port, 60b; the Martha
Davis, merchandise to Hllo; the Queen, lum
ber from this port and Port Gamble to
Lahalna; the Vine, railroad ties from Fort
Brags to Callao or Mollendo, 60s, prior to ar
rival; the Ventura, wheat from Tacoma to
Europe, 40s, prior to arrival.
The latest wheat charter Is the Acamas,
usual European options, at 42s 6d, the highest
rate for a Ions time.
Shipping- Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, September \%.
Stmr Golden Gate, Raynor, 4 l ,n days from
Peattl*.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 14 hours from Fort
Brag*.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 17 hour* from Eureka.
Stmr Cleone. Madsen, IS hours from West
port.
Stmr Scotia, Wolvisr, 19 hours from. Rock
port.
Stmr Luella, Miller, 6$ hours from Tlllamook.
Stmr North Fork, McLellan, 22^ hours from
Eureka.
Btmr Westport, Ericsson. 20 hours from
CLEARED.
Stmr Bonlta. Nlcolson, "0 hours from Newport
end way ports.
Btmr Arcata, Nelson, 56 hours from Coos Bay.
Br stmr Victoria, Blakey. 3 days from Oyster
Harbor.
Schr Ocean Spray. Larsen, 24 hours from
Bowens I/andlr.sr. . '
Schr Arago. Etensland, from — .
SAILED.
Tuesday, September 18.
Fr bark La Bruyere, Leeage, Queenstown:
Balfour, (Suthrl* & Co.
Bktn Willie R Hume, Wilson, Callao: W R
Grace & Co.
"Tuesday, September 18.
Stmr Tiljamook, Hughes, Caspar.
Stmr Corona, Glrtow, Ban Diego.
Stmr Mlneola, David, Nanalmo.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Alcatra*. Carlson. .
Stmr Navarro, Jensen, Bowens Ijandlngr. with
schr Corinthian In tow.
U S stmr Thomasi, Buford, Manila.
nktn Willie R Hume, Wilson, Callao.
S^hr Corinthian. Korth, Bowens Landing;, In
Schr S Danielson. LIndBer*. Siuslaw River.
Schr Archie and Fontle, Johannsen, Stewarts
Point.
Sehr Mlzpah, . Sutherland, Coqullle River.
Schr Rio Bey, Johnson, Fish Rock.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Sept 19, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind N"W, velocity 12,mi]es.
MISCELLANEOUS,
LONDON, Sept 17— Br ship William Law at
Queenttown. from Oregon, reports July 6 lost
boat, had cabin flooded and rail started during
a storm. - ,
DOMESTIC PORTS. *
EUREKA— Arrived Sept 18— Stmr Del Norte.
hence Sept U.
Arrived Sept 18— Stmr Paaadena, from. Ban
Pedro.
Sailed Sept 18-Stmr Del Norte, for Portland:
Bchr Mabel Gray, for San Pedro; atmr Brun
wiek, for San Francisco.
rORT GAMBLE— Arrived Sept 18— Schr R "W
Bartlett. from Port Townsend.
EEATTLE-Sailed Sept 17-Stmr City of To
pekn, from Skaguay; itmr Humboldt. for
Bkaeuay.
A l rived Eept 17— Br bark Ventura, from Port
Towneend.
TACOMA— Arrived Bept 18— Bark Gatherer,
hence Au» 2S.
Sailed Sept 18— Schr Sehoma, for San Fran
cisco.
REDONDO— Arrived Sept 18— Schr Sadie,
from Umpqua. Sept 17— Stmr Despatch, from
San Pedro.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Sept lft— Schr Salva
tor. from Tacoma. Sept 17 — Stmr Grace Dollar,
from Grays Harbor, u
Sailed Sept 1*— Schr Annie Larsen. for Ta
coma. Eept 18— Sjmr W H Kruger. for San
Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING— Sailed Sept 18— Schr
Mary Ktta. for Ban Francisco.
ASTORIA — Arrived Sept 18— Bark Harry
Morse, from BrlKtol Bay: Br uhlp Portia, from
Acapulco: bktn Tarn o' Shanter, hence Augf 31.
USAL— Sailed Sept 18— Stmr Newsboy, for San
Francisco. ,
IVBRPENB LANDING— Sailed Sept 18— Schr
J Epplnger. for San Francisco.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Sept 18— Stmr Rival,
henrp Pejit IS.
WESTPORT— Arrived Sept 18— Stmr National
City, hence Pept 17.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Sept 18— Stmr Green
wood, hence Bept 17.
VENTUnA— Arrived Sept 18— Schr Antelope,
from CoftulUe River.
fiAN DIEGO— Sailed Sept 18— Ger Btmr Hero
dot, for San Francls-co.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG— Sailed Sept 15-Br ship West
gate, for Puget Sound.
SYDNEY- Arrived Sept 17— Br stmr Aorangl.
from- Vancouver.
VALPARAISO— Palled Auc 80 — Ger stmr
StrarhlB. for Hamburg.
WJNDY ISLANI>-PasB*d Sept 18— Br rhip
Stron*a. from Tacorna. for Queenstown. .
CALLAO— In port Sept 15— Br ship British
Isles, for Port Townsend.
GUAYAQUIL— To nail Sept 18— Schr J D Tal
lant. for Muique.
ACAPULCO— Arrived Sept • 3<>— Ger ship TW
penbek. from Penarth.
VLADIVOSTOK— Sailed . Auit 30-Ger etmr
Verona. for-MoJI and Kan Francisco. .
VALPAnAlSO— Arrived Aujr 5— Chll bark
Lake Lcman. from Port Townsend.
NAGASAKI— Arrived Sept IS— Br stmr Port
Stephen*, from Taku.
Sailed Aug 4— Br ship Marathan. for Oregon.
KOBE— Sailed Sept 18— Br stmr Athenian, for
Manila. • ¦
Arrived Sept IB— Br stmr Etrathgj'le. hence
Auc 22. for Manila.
MANILA— Arrived Sert IS— U S stmr War
ren, hence Aug 15; U S stmr Sherman, hence
NEWCASTLE. Aus— In port Aug 4— Fr bark
Brenn, for San Francisco. ,
SANTA ROSALIA— In port Aug 14— Br ship
Port Caledonia, for Oresron.
LIVERPOOL— In port Sept 3— Br bark Beech
flalc/ for Vancouver.
Sailed Aug 20— Br ship PenkTrern, for Van
couver. *
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LONDON— Arrived Sept 18— Stmr Minneapo
lis/ from New York.
PLYMOUTH— Sailed Sept is— Stmr Pennsyl
vania, from Hamburg", for New York
ARCH ROCK. ONE OF THE MOST NOTED FEATURES OF SAN FRANCISCO BAT AS WELL AS A MENACE TO
NAVIGATION. BEING MADE READY TO BE BLOWN OFF THE MAP. CONTRACTORS HAVE CHARGED IT
WITH POWDER SOON TO BE EXPLODED.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1900.
Record of the Grim and Gray Old Pinnacle as a Wrecker of Stately
Vessels and a Harvester of Anchors and Chains Dropped by Ships '
That Just Slipped Past Its Grisly, Jagged Sides.
ARCH ROCK WILL BE THE
NEXT TO SAIL SKYWARD
Of an earlier date is the far-famed
"Horse Fair," by Hosa Bonheur. familiar
through engravings and prints from one
end of the country to the other, and it is
a wofk that will never grow stale, for it
has big qualities, both In painting and
drawing, as well as in conception. Here,
tod, are all of the Barbizon school of
painters, with many examples each, and
the. popular men, such as Bouguereau,
Cabanel, Gerome, Corot. Henner, L'Her
mltte, Le Febvre, Lerolle and Vibert, to
name only a few. Munkacsy, Muller.
Knaus, Hans Makart and others — Ger
mans, Austrians and Italians — may also
be studied through a long and compre
hensive list. Earlier back we have the
great Constable, who may be said to be
the father of the French school of the
"men" of 1830," as they are called, who
were bo attracted by the work of this
distinguished English painter and the re
markable colorist. Turner, beloved^ of
Ruskin, whose writings helped to draw
attention to the man. By him there are
two important examples, and then we go
further back to the distinguished group
of Georgian painters. Often referred to a^
the "Early Englishmen," sturdy portrait
ists and painters of our ancestry acros3
the sea. Virile old Sir Joshua Reynolds,
sturdy Raebum, brilliant Gainsborough
and • suave Lawrence, Hoppner, Romney
and all the rest of them may be seen and
analyzed.
Mr. Marquand has given a whole room
ful of old masters, including a sumptuous
Itembrandt. the "Portrait of a Man." and
other work: the remarkable full length
by Van Dyke of James Stuart. Duke of
Richmond; a Velasquez, a Rubens, Hol
bein. Leonardo da Vinci and many more,
making a really wonderful collection.
Then there are the lesser Dutchmen,
(Continued.)
FA/V1OUSART GALLERIESOF THE WORLD
daughter of Richard Peters Jr.. one of
the founders of the academy, has also
been added. The late John S. Phillips
bequeathed some 40,000 enpravlnsa and
etchings, together with an endowment of
512,000 for the care and the increase of the
i collection. The academy has a. very com
prehensive collection of American work,
beginning; with that of Benjamin Wesr.
whose "Death. on a Pale Horse"* 13 here;
continuing with Gilbert Stuart, who H
represented with more than twenty por
traits. Including what is claimed to be the
original of the famous Lansdowne por
1 trait of "Washington. Among the modern
Americans there are excellent examples
by William M. Hunt. John S. Sargent.
Alexander Harrison. Thomas Eakin*.
'Wlnslow Homer. John W. Alexander.
William M. Chase. Thomas Shields Clarke.
George de Forrest. Brush and Cecilia
Beaux. A large exhibition of current
work is held annually in the galleries.- and
its collections and schools are among the
most Important in the country.
It was not until 1S79 that the Boston
Museum of Fine Arts came to occupy Its
present quarters in Copley square, and In
the twenty-one years that have elapsed
sir.ee then Its collections have so rapidly-
Increased that land has been acquired
on Huntington avenue, near the Fens.
where it is proposed to erect a large and
imposing structure. Among its other
funds is the sum of $750,000 left by Henry
L. Pierce, which la quite unrestricted. In
deed, most gbod Bostonitxna who die in
possession of wealth, !f they do not pro
vide bequests for Harvard College, leave
something, as a rule, to the Museum of
Fine Arts.
It was eminently fitting that so thor
oughly American a city a.i Hoston should
have in its museum a line collection of
native work, and special attention has
been given to the early painters, the col
lection being- particularly rich In exam
ples by Gilbert Stuart, Washington Alls
ton arid, of course, the sturdy American
in whom Boston takes such pride. John
Singleton Copley. Alston is represented
by some twenty-five works, including por-
« Copyright, 190O, by Seymour Eaton.
FAMOUS AMERICAN ART GALLERIES.
VII.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
7
Steamer.
!
From.
Due.
Hex-clot IHamburtc [Sep. 19
Colon New York Sep. 1C
Umatilla Victoria Sep. 19
Coqulllo River. Grays Harbor Sep. 19
Point Arena.... Point Arena Sep. 20
Crescent City.. Crescent City Sep. 20
Santa Rosa .... San Diego Sep. %}
W. H. Kruger. Tlllamook Sep. 1")
Washtmaw .... Taeoma Sep. 21
Tlobt. Adamson. Nanalrno Sep. 21
Willamette Seattle Sep. 21
Iaqua Newport Sep. 21
Moana Australia Sep. 21
Matteawan .... Taeoma Sep. 21
Eureka HumboMt Sep. 21
Czarina Seattle Sep. 22
Columbia Portland Sep. 22
City Rio de Jan China and Japan Sep. 22
Grace Dollar... | San Pedro Sep. 22
Coos Bay Newport Sep. 22
Corona San Diego Sep. 24
City of Puebla. Victoria Sep. 24
Pomona Humboldt Sep. 2»
Rival Wlllapa Harbor Sep. 25
Arcata Coos Bay Sep. 25
Bonlta (Newport Sep. 2«
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. Pier.
Lakme |Humboldt !Sep. 19. 5 pm Pier 2
Newport ...|Xew York 19. 12 m PMSS
Australia ..IHonolulu Pep. IS, 2 pm Pier 7
AValla W.T. Victoria Sep. 19, 6 pm Pier 9
W. Kruger. Tlllamook Sep. 20. 5 pm Pier 2
Pomona ... Humboldt Sep. 20. 2 pm Pier 9
Empire Coos Bay Sep. 20. 12 m Pier 13
Arcata Coos Bay Sep. 20. 12 tn Pier 13
State Cal.. Portland Sep. 20. 11am Pier 24
Bonlta ....Newport Sep. 20. t am Pier 11
Iaqua Humboldt Sep.*21, 5 pm Pier 3
North Fork Humboldt Sep. 21. 9 am Pier 2
N. Maru China* Japan Sep. 12. 1 pm PMSS
Santa Rosa San Diego Sep. 22. 11 am Pier 11
O. Dollar. .(Grays HarborlSep. 22
Eureka ... Humboldt Sep. 22. 10 am Pier 13
UmatllU .. Victoria Sep. 23, 11 aid Pier 0
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Sep. 24, 2 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay.. Newport Sep. 24, 9 am Pier 11
Czarina ..\|Seattle |Sep. 24 Pier 6
Columbia ..(Portland ISep. 25. 11am Pler^.24
Corona ...|San Dlegro |Sep. 26, "11 am Pier 11
rt Time Time Time Time
» Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
» LW H W L. W H W
1» ... 2:l«~oTs 9:0C 4.9 2:32 2.5 «:» 8.1
20 ... 2:57 0.4 9:44 S.2 3:20 2.1 9:23 6.1
21 ... 3:33 0.7 10:19 6.8 4:00 1.7 10:12 6.1
22 ... 4:10 1.0 10:4S 6.3 4:39 1.4 10:59 6.0
23 ... 4:40 1.3 11:16 6.4 5:13 1.1 11:41 4.8
.4... 6:08 1.6 11:48 6.4 6:47 0.9
H "W L. W #- H W Li W
2S ... 0:24 4.7 6:35 1.9 12:08 6.3 6:20 9.7
Steamer.
!
From.
Due.
Hex-clot IHamburtc [Sep. 19
Colon New York Sep. 1C
Umatilla Victoria Sep. 19
Coqulllo River. Grays Harbor Sep. 19
Point Arena.... Point Arena Sep. 20
Crescent City.. Crescent City Sep. 20
Santa Rosa .... San Diego Sep. %}
W. H. Kruger. Tlllamook Sep. 1")
Washtmaw .... Taeoma Sep. 21
Tlobt. Adamson. Nanalrno Sep. 21
Willamette Seattle Sep. 21
Iaqua Newport Sep. 21
Moana Australia Sep. 21
Matteawan .... Taeoma Sep. 21
Eureka HumboMt Sep. 21
Czarina Seattle Sep. 22
Columbia Portland Sep. 22
City Rio de Jan China and Japan Sep. 22
Grace Dollar... | San Pedro Sep. 22
Coos Bay Newport Sep. 22
Corona San Diego Sep. 24
City of Puebla. Victoria Sep. 24
Pomona Humboldt Sep. 2»
Rival Wlllapa Harbor Sep. 25
Arcata Coos Bay Sep. 25
Bonlta (Newport Sep. 2«
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. Pier.
Lakme |Humboldt !Sep. 19. 5 pm Pier 2
Newport ...|Xew York 19. 12 m PMSS
Australia ..IHonolulu Pep. IS, 2 pm Pier 7
AValla W.T. Victoria Sep. 19, 6 pm Pier 9
W. Kruger. Tlllamook Sep. 20. 5 pm Pier 2
Pomona ... Humboldt Sep. 20. 2 pm Pier 9
Empire Coos Bay Sep. 20. 12 m Pier 13
Arcata Coos Bay Sep. 20. 12 tn Pier 13
State Cal.. Portland Sep. 20. 11am Pier 24
Bonlta ....Newport Sep. 20. t am Pier 11
Iaqua Humboldt Sep.*21, 5 pm Pier 3
North Fork Humboldt Sep. 21. 9 am Pier 2
N. Maru China* Japan Sep. 12. 1 pm PMSS
Santa Rosa San Diego Sep. 22. 11 am Pier 11
O. Dollar. .(Grays HarborlSep. 22
Eureka ... Humboldt Sep. 22. 10 am Pier 13
UmatllU .. Victoria Sep. 23, 11 aid Pier 0
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Sep. 24, 2 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay.. Newport Sep. 24, 9 am Pier 11
Czarina ..\|Seattle |Sep. 24 Pier 6
Columbia ..(Portland ISep. 25. 11am Pler^.24
Corona ...|San Dlegro |Sep. 26, "11 am Pier 11
rt Time Time Time Time
» Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
» LW H W L. W H W
1» ... 2:l«~oTs 9:0C 4.9 2:32 2.5 «:» 8.1
20 ... 2:57 0.4 9:44 S.2 3:20 2.1 9:23 6.1
21 ... 3:33 0.7 10:19 6.8 4:00 1.7 10:12 6.1
22 ... 4:10 1.0 10:4S 6.3 4:39 1.4 10:59 6.0
23 ... 4:40 1.3 11:16 6.4 5:13 1.1 11:41 4.8
.4... 6:08 1.6 11:48 6.4 6:47 0.9
H "W L. W #- H W Li W
2S ... 0:24 4.7 6:35 1.9 12:08 6.3 6:20 9.7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A CHARMING FACE
And a dainty skin are mine after
a week of raw beach winds and
months in the woods; thanks to
Ci?£ME
DE
US.
Los Angeles, Cal.
E. B. HARRINGTON & CO., M'frs.,
Sunburn and tan are out ot the
question If it be used and all- im-
perfections of the skin soon disap-
pear. • Popular for half a century
it stands all tests. Sold by ai*
druggists and general dealers, if
you cannot obtain it send us Me
for largo bottle or 10c for trial size.
If : you • want • to enjoy your lunch, call
for Rainier beer. . •
visit OR JORDAN'S sasATi
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
ly The Largest Anatomical Museum in tho \
'ijL . V/oftd. WekkaejM* or any contracted m
iJEsSJ^ d;s:»«i pc^Jtl»<-l7 cured nyth; olaiit •
fj-j5j~3| ipccilistca the Ccut. E:i36yoarv -*J
fr£gVA GR. JGa3«*-PRIVATE DISEASES
fCJy^? 1 Cc.TTOtration ir;n ar.d strictly pr>v»!f \
j£$TH Titirmcnt personally or by Irurr. A *8
flraU &». uta Cora ianerycass undertaken. T
if Wif. WriteforBook.PBlLOSOPB'ywf A
(I j ii HAnniAsE, mailed raun. iAY
Q II, * valuable boob for mraj \
DR. JOKOAJ*' JfcVO . 1C51 iI.4rtPtSt-.si. F. 9
"TVO ENORMOUS OrKRATTC TRIUMPHS!!
TONIGHT. FRIDAY. SATURDAY EVEN-
INGS.
" FAUST."
rniTJ-PAT AND BUKDAT EVENINGS AND
SATURDAY MATINEE
"TROYATORE."
POPULAR PRICES— »e AND 50c.
Telephone, Bueh J.
j
MATrN'HE TO-DAT, WEDNESDAY. SEPT. 19. j
Parquet. :t.c, any t=pat; Balcony. 10c: Children. |
10c. any part except reserved. .
HIGH CLASS VAUDEVILLE.
JESSIE BARRETT DAVIS.
¦ JOHSFTOXE BROTHERS, McCABE:
AND DANIELS. OZAV AND DELMO,
YOUNG AMERICA QUINTETTE.
¦ QfERITA VINCENT. JOHNSON AND
DEAN. MANSFIELD AND VILBUR.
AMERICAN BIOGRAPH.
ALL THIS WEEK. INCLUDING SUNOAT.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
CLAY L. R.
CLEMENT STOCKWELL
And a etrocR company, presenting th*
GREAT DOUBLE BILL.
"THE BELLS.*'
? Clay Clement 6* Slath'.as.)
vAr.a Dion Pooricantt'a powerful cn«-act play.
NAPOLffGN'S GUARD.
TWO HXCELLEST CASTS.
2Cert Week, Revival cf the Fepuler Ccmedy,
"THE MAGISTRATE."
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
MATINEE SATURDAY AND 6UNDAT.
TME lffBAWB I?V COM "
NEWiT'#2ir^fc f W Sala E PANY
SECOND AJTD LAST WEEK OF
QUO VADIS.
Introducing: In the Arena Ecen«
ADGIE'S LIONS.
NEXT WEEK BLUE JEANS I
EverJn* Pnce« 16c. 15c. 25c. 50o '
A Few Front Rowi in Orchestra. J5c
Mat'.ne* Prices 10c. 15c.* 23c, EOc No hlfher.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
ALT ELLINGHOUSE, L*w« ar.d iltutgtr.
Fhone, South 7T0.
EVERT EVENING THIS WEEK.
MATINEE BATURDAT.
Farewell Perlcrnjancee.
FERRIS HARTMAN
WITH
The JCaatleal Farcical Success, " \
l^c. 25c. Zlc and Me
Nert Pur.day Afternoon— The New York '
Wotlffi furr»M, "KELLrF KIDS."
P.«*:u:ar r>rire* : Ever.ine— 15^. 25c, 3Sc 60c i
ts*. 75r. Mat'.nee— I5c. 2T>c. Etc and 60c
|
Langtiing Week Now On.
A BRAND NETT FARCE.
"The Widow's Husband"
SPECIAL ENGAGE1TENT OF
Fun Frora Rise to Fall of Curtain.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
NEXT WEEK-"HIS JAPANESE WIFE."
SALE i OfEHS
OF THUnSOAY-
SEATS I MrtPniNG
SEPTEMBER 20, FOR
KinW Grand Italian Opera Co.
GRAND OPENING
SUNDAY NIGHT, Sspt. 23.
"OTELLO."
Monday. Friday. "CARMEN": Tue*day.
"AIDA"; Wedne*<Jay Night. Saturday Matl-
re*. '-TRAVIATA"; Thunsday, Saturday.
•OTELLO."
NO INT-EASE IN PRICE?.
J»«serv»d Feate— Nlcht. 25, CO, The; Mat., 26, BOe.
OLYMFIA <Z?£l,2l on
THE ONLY FRET: VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN
TTIE CITY. *
Eleventh Seriee cf CONRADI'S
LEVING STATUARY!
DANCE OF ALL NATIONS!
SID BAXTER
rhampion Balancer and Jursler.
And OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY.
MATINEES EVERY SUNDAY. ;
AMATEUR NIGKT EVERY FRIDAY. i
ADMIFFION FREE. !
RACING! RACING! \
California Jockey Cub Track, j
OAKLAND. I
GOLDEN GATE FAIR
ASSOCIATION,
DISTRICT No. L
ANNUAL FAIR!
roar or More Runtiinff RaceF* and
7wn IIarnei>« Rar*» Each TQv.
GRAND ETOCK TARADES. '
OPENING DAY
SATURDAY. September 22,
Continuing Seven Day*.
ADMISSION 50 CtNTS.
RACING! RACING!
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE.
Hasten & Elr.cer. Paul La Crolr. Mae Tual-
»on. J. F. Veaco. Rudora Forde. 1* C. Beban. i
Oliv* Vail. Pearl Hlckman and the New Mo\'-
lt^- Pictures. I ',
Re»erve<l Seatc. 23c: Matlne« Sunday. J
SUTRO D/*T*HS. !
—OPEN NIGHTS— i
Open iJcily from 7 a. m. to U p. m. j
na.th1r.fi frora " ». m. to 10 pi m. I
ADMISSION. JOc. CHILDREN. Cc.
T~i.xt-:t.g. inclnlizs idziisiion. 25c; children. 10c !
AMUSEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
ROUTE OF
BROS'.
THIS MORNING
i I^eavinjr the show prounda at Sixteenth ana
I Folsom rtreets at 3:30 a. m. ; along Folsom to
! Sixteenth, to Howard, to Second, to Market.
to Montgomery, to California, to Kearny. to
1 Mar-ket. to Valencia, to Sixteenth, to Folsom
and the show grounds.
GRAND OPENING
TO-NIGHT!*
| Performances Twice Dally .Thereafter Until
and Including September Zi. Afternoon at Z.
Night 'at E. Doors Open On* Hour Earlier.
ONE 5O C TICKET
ADMITS TO EVERYTHING.
Children Under 12 Years Half Price.
Reserved Numbered Svats and Admissions
during the entire engagement at Sherman.
Clay & Co.'s Music Store, cor. Kearny and Sut-
ter streets. Unlike other ehowg, prices it
downtown office are the eamn as charred at
ticket wagon on show grounds.
AT !
TANFORAN PARK
Sept. 24 10 OCL 6 J900
C5DEB JtAKACEMTXT OF TH«
SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN MATEO
AGRICULTURAL ASS'N
To the lire-stock brooders of California, as
well es to the lovers of outdoor sports this
Exhibition is dedicated. %
The attractions will include:
A High-Class Open-Air Hor*« Show.
Select Herds of Prize Cattle.
A Complete Exhibit of Swine, Sheep, Qo»U
Poultry and Beltfca Hares.
. Extraordinary show of Dogs.
Attractive exhibit of high-class Vehicles and
other industrial displays from leading manu-
facturers of the State.
The out-door sports -will embraoe. Polo Games
; between players from Southern and Central
California for Championship. Pony Races.
Long Distance Race of 25 miles by noted rider*.
Change of horses each mile id full view of Grand
Stand.
ORAND ATHLETIC HELD DAY-j
• CLUB HARNESS RACING
HIGH-CLASS TROTTING AND PACING
In which the Great Stars of the East and West
will meet and make World's records.
All In all the entertainment will be clean,
dlsnlDed and instructive.
GRAND MUSICAL CONCERTS DAILY
Excellent railroad facilities by both regular
and special trains to Grand Stand entrance.
Entertainment each day from 10 .-00 A. m. until
Isoor.x.
HEIBT 1. CKOCKZB, Presldm*
UHCI AllEt KEWHiLL, Somtarr
ZBWH F. •KITH, C«B*ral Iui(«f
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERY AFTERXOOX AJs'D EVENING.
BIO V^AUDEA'ILLE SHOW.
SEABUKY^JIigh Diver.
TO-MORROW NIBHT^THE AMATEURS!
I In Specialties and a Ladlea' Obstacle. Rao*.
Order SeaU by Phone— Park 83. '
1 &$& \ i If A^s^SSclslIP
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
Parii. J. EEPIC ; Hiw T«rk, E. rOUOLKA ft CO.
! SOLD BT ALL DRUGGISTS.
! v
I PALACE HOTEL I
It Is universally acknowledged that the**
hotels possess th« attribute* that appeal
to particular people — undoubted lur.-jry and
comfort, ennurpaased cul»lne and aervic*
and superior appointment* and location.
Connected by a covered pa»«ar*way and
operated under one manarement on th*
American and European plans.
[grand hotel
itlJrb^Bflr INJECTION. I
pA PERMANENT CURE f
1 of the moct obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea ?
? and Gleet, ffoaranteed in from 3 to 6 C -
2 days ; no other treatment required. <
S - Sold by all drugi^gts. 5CALt. CALENDAR.
SEPTEMBER. 1*».
CHICAGO, Sept. 18.— Wheat opened nervou*
and easier. October at 76%c to 76%c, because
of Liverpool's^ failure to respond to the ad
' vance here yesterday and because the pre
dicted rains for the Northwest failed to ma
terialize. There waa a considerable amount
of profit-taking at the start, but the offerings
were well taken and the market gradually
¦worked up to 77%c. Bradstreet's report of an
increase in the world's visible of 5,118,000
bushels caused more selling later, but mean
time the Northwest markets had turned strong
and the stuff was readily absorbed. When
ehorts tried to get back some of their sales
they found a %-ery stiff array of holders and
the price was bidden sharply up to 77»ic. Tht
close was firm, October %@%c higher at 77?4
@77%c.
Corn was dull and devol dof speculative in
terest. October closed He higher at 38%c.
Corn was dull and devoid of speculative in
trade mestly local. October closed a shade
down at 21%@21%c. - , v
The demand for lard was the feature in the
provision market. The small stocks of this
commodity caused covering by shorts and as
packers were also buyers the market advanced.
October pork closed lG©12%c over yesterday,
lard I7 J ,4c higher and ribs closed unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows: •
Articles — Open. Hlsh. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2—
September 76U , -77V4 76^i 77^
October .. % 76Ti 77»i 7614, 77%
November 77% 7S% 77%' 7SH
Corn Xo. 2 —
September .: 40 v" 40»i S9Vt 40
October. 3S% 3S% SS 1 ,; 3S?J
November 3C}4 3G% 36 36%
t Oats No. 2— V -¦-¦-
September 21U 21% 2m 21«
October 21% 21 % Zi% 21%
November 22% 22}g 21Tj 2"Vi
• Mess Pork, per bbl—
October 12 20 12 25 12 02H 12 15
January 11 37V4 11 42*4 11 32',4 11 42W
Lard, r>er 100 lbs— . ' . . • "
October 6 00 7 07»4 6 90 7 05
November 6 90 7 02H 6 90 7 00
January 6 65 6 70 -6 63 6 67U
Short Ribs, per 1C0 lbs—
September 7 S2Vi • 7 83 7 75H 7 77H
October 7 40 7 45 7 37Vi 7 40
January 6 07>4 6 10 6 05 6 07^
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, firm;
NEW TORK, Sept. IS.— FLOUR— Receipts.
36,269 barrels; exports, 17,645 barrels; market
less active, recent demand having supplied the
trade; buyers and sellers were 10c to 20c apart
on spring patents.
WHEAT— Receipts, 134,100 bushels: exports,
98,62$ bushels; sales, 3,100.000 bushels futures;
200,000 bushels exports; spot, firmer; No. 2 red,
83%c f. o. b. afloat and Sl%c elevator: No. 1
Northern Duluth, 86%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth, Sic f. o. b. afloat. Options opened
steady on light offerings only to sag oft under
disappointing Liverpool cables. Southwest Bell
ing and local realizations. From thia d»pres
sion prices more than recovered on reports of
rain in the Northwest again, very strong dut-
Elde markets and active local covering, closing
strong at ?»®%c net advance. March, 86W&
87c, clcsed at S7c: May, S5"Ae?S6V4c closed at
S6Hc; September, 81*? 82Hc, cldsed at 82V»c; Oc
tober. 81H@82Hc, closed at 82%c; December,
S3 5-1C«iS4 I 4c. closed at 84«4c.
HOPS— Dull.
HIDFS Firm.
WOOL— Dull
SUGAR — Raw. firm; fair refining, 4'/ic; cen
trifugal, 96 test, 5c; molasses sugar, 4c; re
fined, firm. ,
COFFEE— Spot Rio, Karely steady; No. 7 in
voice, SVic; mild, quiet; Cordova, 9%<514c. Fu
tures olnserl steady, prices unchanged to 5
points lower; total sales. 13,250 bags, including
September, $7 10; October, S7 05; December,
$7 25G7 30; January, $7 35; March, $7 45; May,
$7 ~Vy 7 60.
BUTTER— Receipts, 10,462 packages; strong
creamery. l*>H@21c; June creamery, lSVi@21c
factory. 14.Q16HC. <
EGGS— Receipts, ' 11,363 packages; firm; 'West
ern regular packing at mark, 13@17c; Western,
loss off, 13c.
Nrjv York Grain and Produce.
Nav York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. IS.— The »tock market i
demonstrated Its inertness again to-day ana j
the effort to continue yesterday's course 0* j
recovery fell flat. Prices were at one tlm<j |
advanced considerably above last night's level, i
but they did not hold and the closing showed ¦
some of the gains completely wiped out and
fome reduced to small proiwrtlons. The re
ported failure of a Stock Exchange houss had
a depressing effect, although the suspension j
seems to be due entirely to private causes.
About 2i«iO shares of stock were sold under j
the rule for the account of the suspended firm i
on the exchange and the quotations for some i
of the Ftocks sold wire considerably depressed. I
They recovered somewhat after the selling un
der the rule wae completed, but in the late
dealings Consolidated Gas was forced down I
again and sold 2* 4 under the high price. La
clede Gas fell as rr.ueh. London was Inclined I
to buy stocks in the market . notwithstanding
the general depres-sion in that market and
the demand from that source was a factor In
the early rise in that market. The expecta
tion that a portion of the American subscrip
tions to the German loan will be paid by the j
transfer of sterling exchange bills helped to 1
weaken the London market. The strength of !
Americans in that market in spite of the gen
eral weakness and of the further rise in dis
count rates was a distinction for that group
cf securities. The New York market showed
a. hardening tendency and call loans com
manded I** per cent Time loans were also !
more firmly held.
The bond market was dull and irregular in
sympathy with stocks. Total sales, par value.
JS45.000.
United States 5s advanced M, In the bid prfca-
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Sh ?^ 8 - , Closing
bold. Stocks— m,j
1.300 Atchison 27
7,433 Atchison prefd 6aU '
745 Baltimore & Ohio 7»i 4 ]
Canadian Pacific i^
150 Canada Southern 43
400 Chesapeake & Ohio 2714
Chicago «reat Western loi, |
4,425 Chicago Burlington & ijuincy 123U
Chicago Ind <£ Louisville 22
Chicago Ir.d & Louisville prefd 66
Chicago & Eastern Illinois S614
Chicago & Northwestern id
&00 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific lObhi
C C C & St Louis &8
Colorado Southern 53^
Colorado 6outhern 1st prefd 3j*i
Colorado* Southern 2d prefd 151^
120 I>elaware & Hudson lCS'i
434 Delaware Lack & Western 173 
200 Denver & Rio Grande lgi£
200 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 66^ I
Erie jofc !
Erie 1st prefd 331. j
136 Great Xorthern prefd. X5l5 ¦
100 Hocking Coal 1314 j
Hocking Volley 32
Illinois Central 11514
100 Iowa Central ig
Iowa Central prefd 43
200 Lake Erie & Western 27
Lake Erie & Western prefd 62^4
Lake Shore 203
400 Louisville & Nashville 71%
650 Manhattan L gs"» |
S25 Metropolitan Street Railway 131 1
COO Mexican Central n
100 Minneapolis & St Louis 63 ;
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 92
1.700 Missouri Pacific B0U
Mobile ft Ohio 3S
Missouri Kansas & Texas S^i
Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 23
209 New Jersey Central 130
1.C25 New York Central 12S'.i
1.SUO Xorfclk & Western 33^i
Norfolk & Western prefd 74'^
2.E0O Northern Pacific ' jfoji
Northern Pacific prefd 70Vi
€20 Ontario & Western 19V*
Oregon Railway & Nav 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
3.S65 Pennsylvania 12"M
700 Reading 15^
E.40O Reading 1st prefd M^»
£00 Heading 2d prefd 26
Rio Grande Western 51
Rio Grande Western prefd 90
St Louis & San S»i
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 65
200 Kt Louis &: San Fran 2d prefd .... 33
Ft Louis Southwestern 11»»
200 Kt Louis Southwestern prefd 27
6.C0 St Paul 112H
St Paul prefd 173>£
St Paul & Omaha 110
3,010 Southern Pacific 32%
150 Southern Railway 114
470 Southern Railway prefd •> 52%
400 Texas & Pacific •• 13
6.425 Union Pacific 5514
i 1.&77 Union Pacific prefd 72ifc
Wabash f 6%
Wabach prerd 17%
Wheeling & Lake Erie S%
Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 23V4
Wisconsin Central ....' 12V4
100 Third Avenue .• 110
Express Companies—
Adams 121
American 150
United States 45
AVells Farso 122
Miscellaneous —
American Cotton Oil 22
American Cotton Oil prefd 88
American Malting 414
American Malting prefd 23H
200 American Smelting & Refining 26
100 Am Smelting & Refining prefd S3?i
American Spirits IVi
American Spirits prefd 17
1.100 American Steel Hoop 19
American Steel Hoop prefd 66
1.102 American Steel & "Wire 33«4
American Steel & Wire prefd 72%
300 American Tin Plate 26%
American Tin Plata prefd 80
S,5!0 American Tobacco 90
American Tobacco prefd 127
SiO Anaconda Mining Co 44
6,1£B Brooklyn Rapid Transit 63
100 Colorado Fuel & Iron 34%
i2Q Continental 2j%
Continental Tobacco prefd 7614
1,800 Federal Steel 33
165 Federal Bteel prefd C8
i30 General Electric 13si,i
170 Glucose Sugar 49',4
Glucose Sugar prefd SS»ti
100 International Paper lg«4
200 International Paper prefd 64»£
JCO liaclede Gas 70
210 National Biscuit 22^
National Biscuit prefd 86
National Lead 17V4
....... National I>ead prefd..... so
National Steel 25%
National Steel prefd...... 83%i
100 New York Air Brake....; 123'
North American 1414
Pacific Coast 64>i
Pacific Coast 1st prefd ss
Pacific Coasf 2d prefd 64Vi
950 Pacific Hail ." 2314
13,000 People's Gas 91^4
200 Pressed Steel Car.. 38U
220 Pressed Steel Car prefd 71V-
Pullman Palace Car 1S5 "
?00 Standard Hope & Twine 5^
10,985 Sugar 116%
....... Sugar prefd ....114
1,200 Tennessee Coal & Iron 67%
410 United. States Leather JO^i
....... United States Leather prefd . 66«*
800 United States Rubber......... 29>£
....... JJnited States Rubber prefd fZ
Shipment of Grain.
The French bark La Eruyere cleared yester
day for Quccr.stown fcr orders, with 54,748 ctls
barley, val-jed fct ?:2.0O5; 11.254 ctls wheat.
valued at ?l".C9o, an5 "S.fiOO ft lumber dunnage,
valued at JCO. Total value, JGi.KO.
Exports of Barley.
T*.e experts of barley from this port for the
month cf Aufust were CC1.TS1 ctls. valued at
(23,268. acair.Ft £10.173 ct!s. valued at J947.1C6
for Aurjft. :ti'?. These shipments since Jan
uary 1 amounted to L.64S.589 ctls, valued at
S1,jO£.U2, against 1,SC3,1G4 ctls for the came
pericd !a£t year, valued at I1.4T6,207.
Exports of Lumber.
Th p exr-c^t^" of lumber frcri th.i« port for the
r~.or.th of AUfyust were 1.GS.000 feet, against
I.MS.C"."* feet fcr the tame month last year;
the value of these shipments last, month was
J40.4S2, agaisst J4S.2C6 for August, lk'9. For the
flirt eight months of the year these shipments
©mounted to 14.CS4.0C0 feet, valued at f303.SS7,
•while the total for the Fame period last year
was I'.SSl.OOG feet, valued at $U3,621.
Condition of California Crops.
Tbe report at X. G. McAdle, section director
cf the clirr.ate aM crcp r.ervice of the Weather
Bureau, for the pa>t week Is as follows:
*Tfce weather has continued cocl and cloudy.
or partly cloudy, end light rain has fallen in
many parts of the State. Fruit dryl-g hap
V^«?n retarded, but r.o damage has been dene
by the rains, as warnings had been given and !
Iruit trays were stacked. Conditions hav<»
been favorable fcr grape picking and for
fathering late crops.
"The larger part, of the prune crop.tas been
leathered, and is now on the trays; the fruit is
reported of better Quality than had been esti
ni.?fd, and of good size in some sections, but
the ir.on cf the crop will be under site. Raisin
picking ar.d curing 1 tre progressing, and in
many eectior.s this crop Is proving better than
expected; San Diego reports that the grapes
an unasaaUy large and the yield very good.
In the apple growing districts the trees are
i.eaviiy laden and gcod crop* are expected.
Ciiijneries and dryers are handling enormous
quantities of deciduous fru'.ts, and Kastem
thirmems are heavy. Walnuts are ripening in
Southern California.; there will be an unusually
iarge j^rceiitajre of email nuts. Citrus fruits
< • m:nue in exc-eller.t condition, but would be
l<eief;ted by rain; the orange crop will prob
_My be larger than usua.1, especially in South
ern California. Wine making continues.
•'The cool, cloudy weather has been favorable
fcr the BTOWth of corn, and there will be a
F'«od crop in many sections. Bean harvest Is
1 .regressing. Sugar beets are yielding a light
crop. Hop picking continues. Farmers are
; r<-r sxir.g for the coming Beacon, and consider
able work is being don? in seeding Eummer
fallow; There will probably be a large acreage
of wheat sown this seascn.".
Dried Fruit in New York.
The New Tcrk Commercial ears
"Trade was much less active yesterday. Cur
rants jjarticulaily were quiet, in striking con
tract to th"lr excited condition on Tuesday. Up
to a late hour no pales of ar»y large lots were
reported. The market was exceedingly Ftrong.
however, few holders willing to accept ll'ic
tot Ainalias, and many asking 12c Only a
very sir.ail lot couid be bought at the former
figure. •
"New ec-aled raisins, offered at 7^c on 2
crov.n ar.d Sc on S-crown f. o. b.. coast, -were
take- bold of by the trade In good 6hape, these
prices lying generally locked upon as low
under the circumstances. California bleached
Fultir-as are in good demand, sales of around
B& cars b'-ins reported at from S^iflSHc.
•¦.\>-w prunes, both California and Oregon.
are practically neglected. Some business is
beard of in <>regor.s in baps at t'ic for 40s and
4V-- 'or Eta f. o. b. Coaet, but as a general
tbinc tho trc<> regards prices as too high.
"Evaporated apples were stronger yesterday,
cs a res-jit of the reported damage to the apple
crop in Western New York. October-Novem
bcr were offered at 4Hc firm, while some hold
ers who fo!d r>ccembor a few days at ili-". re
hUK to BeH any Fhiprr.er.t under 5c.
•Trade in nut* was light, but prices etUl
rhr \v a Btrong upward tendency. The sale of
a <ar of Jumbo j^ecan r.uts was reported at a
r.iKh pri^e. and considerable business was
heard 'of in pf-can meats tubjtct to price.
••The California, style of packing fresh apples
promises to be widely adopted this season, par
ticularly among exporters or any others who
iBtend eh!pp1n«r to a distance. The fruit i« to
l« ra^k^'J in half or two-third bushel boxes
Instead of barrels, and wrapped In paper tc
prevent possible broUlnc. it is such attention
to details as this which has given California
euch a pi-e£ii£e In the fruit trade of the world "
Weather Report.
C20th Mer5<l!an— PaciSe Time.)
6AN FRANCISCO. Sept. 18-« p. m.
The following are the eeasonal rainfalls to
Cate, as compared with those of the same date
last reason, and raiaTall in the past twenty-
Stations— • U Hour*. Season. Season.
S":*** -^ 27 1.1$
r.*a b:u5T .23
F£.<-mrr.»:nto .Og
Fan Francisco .... .« Trace
Vrpsno # ]4
Independence .76 "5;
San Luis Oblspo Trace .*.;
Lo« Angeles Trace 01
E€Ui Dfeca Trace .07
Ban Francisco <5ata: Majdsiura temperatura.
J8; minimum, I"; mean. CS.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Tti- are* of high pressure central off the
Washington coast this morning haa moved
Tw'sAy inland end this evening overlies North
ern Nevada.. The pressure has faJlen along the
coast and rie«?n over the plateau and Rocky
Mountain regions.
Ti}<? temperature has risen vest of the Rocky
X! our. tains, except in Utah, where there has
bef-n a el!g1:t fall.
Clear oreatber pr»>va.ils In all districts.
Conditions ere favorable lor fair and con
tinued v.-arin weather Jn California yVeflnes
*ay.
T' rcrart ir.2£e at Ean Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. September II, 1800:
Northern California — Fair Wednesday;
warmer In the Interior; fresh northwest
Brothers California— Fair Wednesday; con
tinued warm; light west wind.
Nevada— Fair, warmer Wednesday.
T'tali— Fair, warmer Wednesday.
Ailzcna — Fair Wednesday.
Ha:i Francifco and vicinity — Fair TTednesaay;
fresh v;ct\. TVlnd. ¦ O. H. T7ILLSON.
Local Forecast Offlcl&L
NEW YORK, Sept. IS.— Porter Bros.' Com
pany's tales of California fruit: Pears—Bart
letts, Jl 70® 2 40 box; Doy <Su Cornice, Jl 45®1 50
half box. Grapes— Morocco, J2(g2 15 single crate;
Tokays. SOc® II SO; Clusters, U 15@1 70; Mus
cats, S0c@n 75; Assorted, $1 60@l 65; Cornlchon,
Jl 45. Peaches — Salways. 55@90c.
The Earl Fruit Company's sales of California
fruit: Pears— Bartletts, 90c@J2 85 box, 60c@$l 25
half box. Grapes— Tokays, S0c@U 60 single
crates. Peaches— Sal way, 35@75d box; George
Late, 50@'70c; Lemon Cling. 30@85c; Levi Cling,
40®S5c. Thirteen cars fruit sold to-day.
CHICAGO, Sept. IS.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California fruit: Grapes—To
kays, 65c<5$l 25 Blngle crates; Malagas, $1 10@
1 20; Clusters, $1 50@l 60. Pears— Beurre Hardy,
Jl lu@l 60 box. Peaches— Elbertas. 40@60c,box.
Plums— Golden Drop, average 70c single crates.
Prunes— Italians, Co@S0c single crates; Silver,
4017S5c. Nine cars fruit sold to-day.
Porter Bros. Company's sales of California
fruit: Pears— Bartletts, Jl 40?i2 IS box. Grapes
—Tokays, S0c«m 40 eingle crates, *2 90 double
crates; Clusters, 80c@$l 80; Morocco. $1 65; as-
Eorted, 90cf?H 30; Muscats, $1 20. Peaches—Sal
ways. 4oge6c.
BOSTON. Sept. 18.— The Earl Fruit Co. auc
tioned California fruit to-day and realized the
following prices:
Grapes— Tckays, eingle crates, 70c@$l 45, av
erage $1 13; Tokays, double crates. $2 30@2 60,
average $2 38: B. Wonders, single crates, aver
age C5c. Peaches— Salways, boxes, 40@S0c, av
erage 60c; Levi Cling, boxes, average 40c.
Prunes— Italians, single crates, average 65c. Six
cars sold to-day. ¦
MONTREAL. Quebec, Sept. IS.— The Earl
Fruit Co.'s sales of California fruit at auction'
to-day were as follows: •
Grapes— Malagas, single crates, average,
Jl 60; Tokays, single crates, average, $2 36.
Pears— Bartletts, half boxes, 65c@Jl, average
80c. Peaches— George Late, boxes, 85c; Levi
Cling, boxes, SOc; Salways, boxes, average 83c.
Two cars sold to-day.
PITTSBURG. Sept. IS.— The Earl Fruit Co.
sold California fruit at auction to-day and
realized the following prices:
Pears— Bartletts. boxes. $1 C5@l 50, average
$1 40. Peaches — George Late, boxes, average
$1 05: Sal ways, boxes. 55SS5c, average 67c.
Prunes— Italians, single crates. 65@95c average
C6c; Silver, single crates, 65@75o, average 64c.
Three cars sold to-day.
Chicago Livestock Market
CHICAGO. Sept. 18.— Receipts, 6000, including
2300 Westerns and 1200 Texans. Generally
steady; natives, good to prime steers, $5 B0@
5 90; poor to medium, $4 40(f 5 40; selected feed
ers,- about steady at $3 90@4 60;, mixed stock
ers, weak at J2 75@4 75; cows, $2 80@4 40; heif
ers, $3@5: canners, steady al $2 25@2 SO: bulls
firm at $2 SO04 60; calves, 25c lower than last
TiiPtday at $4£6 75. Texas fed steers, $i BOfp
I 10; grass steera, $3 60® 1 SO: bulls, $2 73473 50.
HOGS— Receipts,. 1S.CC0; to-morrow, 18,000;
left over, 4C00. Steady. Top. $5 62V4; mixed
and butchers'. $5 10©5-65; good to choice heavy,
J5 05«i5 47H: rough, heavy, $4 S5(?5; light, $5 20
Q5 62>£: bulk of sales, $5 15®5 40.
SHEEP— Receipt!", 13, W0. Sheep and lambs,
choice, steady: others 10c to 15c lower. Goo<l
to choice wethers, $3 85@4 25; fair to choice
mixed, $3 25@3 90: Western sheep. $3 85(54 25;
Texas sheep, $2 50^3 40; native lambs, $4 25(tf
6; Western lambs, $5@5 90.
Canned B?ef, Him and e Bjcon.
CHICAGO, Sept. 18.— Bids for various kinds
of meat for the soldiers In China will be opened
here at army headquarters on September 22.
The following supplies are wanted: Beef In
cans, 60,000 pounds; bacon, 475.000 pounds; ham,
62,000 pounds. Bids for furnishing the ham will
not be opened till September 28. The bids for
furnishing the canned beef must be accom
panied bv a guarantee that the meat will keep
in any climate for one year. It must be canned
following the award of the contract and the
process of preparing It subject to Government
inspection. It is hoped in this way to guard
against a repetition of the beef scandals of the
war with Sj>ain.
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, Sept. IS.— Although there has been
considerable Inquiry and a good sample busi
ness done in the wool market here this week,
the pales are the smallest that have been re
corded during the past three months. The con
tinued dullness tends to weaken the market,
but dealers- are loth to cut prices. Manufac
turers continue to buy only what wool they re
quire to keep their mills In. operation. Terri
tory wool heads the list in the small business
transacted. Australian wools held here are
moderate, with slow sales and steady values.
QuotatiDns" Territory — Scoured basis, Mon
tana and Wyoming, fine medium and fine, 17@
18c: scoured, EOc; staple, 52<Q:53c. Utah, fine
medium and fine, lGQ'nc; scoured, 4S@50c; sta
ple, 62@53c. Idaho, fine medium and fine, 16@
17c; scoured, 4S0J5Oc; staple, 52@53c. Australian
—Scoured basis, spot prices; combings, super
fine, nominally 82@87c; good, SQ(gS2c.
Nezv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 18.— The principal feature
of the day's market for metals, or for; seeks
past, was the drop of £6 for pig tin in Lon
don, said to be due to the collapse of a bull
clique in London and the heavy shipments of
late. It caused a loss of about 100 points here,
closing unsettled and nominally on the basis
of t29.' Lake copper ruled dull and unchanged
at $16 75@17. Pig Iron warrants were very dull
at $9 37%@10 37H- Lead was also dull at ?4 3?%.
while spelter was firmer at $4 10@4 15. The
brokers' price for lead was %i and for copper
*16 75@16 S7%.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 18.— After a steady start
the market worked 2@3 points lower" under for
eign selling and room liquidation. Throughout
the forenoon fluctuations In the local pit did
not exceed 10 points and at no time did either
side have a positive advantage. The Govern
ment report proved to be decidedly less bullish
than the trade had prepared for and as a
result selling became general. Prices withered
gradually under the pressure brought to bear,
declining 10 points by 2 p. m. During the last
hour the market was feverish, with a weak
undertone, closing steady, S@15 points net lower.
Portland's Business,
PORTLAND, Sept. IS.— Clearings. 409,225; bal
ances, J79.447. Cleared— Steamship JTyr, for
Vladivostok, with 23,350 barrels flour.
PORTLAND, Sept. 18.— Wheat, steady, at 57c
for Walla and 60c for valley and bluestem.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
¦.WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Sept. IS.— No change In wheat
Bluestem, COc; club, 67c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Sept. 18.— Consols, OS 7-16; sliver,
2S&d; French rentes, -loOf 13c: cargoes on pas
sage, white firm, red dull; cargoes No.-1 stand-
Trading was light again on the Bend Ex
change and prices showed little variation.
The oil stocks -were also dull.
The Makaweli Susar Company has declared
a dividend cf 50c per share, payable on the 25th.
The Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar Com
pany has declared a dividend oJ SOc per*share,
payable on the 2.Uh.
The last report of the Alaska-United mine of
Douglas Island shows 2S.P32 tens crushed by
220 stamps, yielding bullion to the value of
$33,219, and 613 tons sulphurets saved, value!
at S16.U3. The average of the ore was 12 01
per ton. The total output for the month wu
$60,K'l. The working expenses were J3S.431.
TUESDAY, Sept. 13—2 p. m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGB.
tTNlTED STATES BONDS.
Bld.-A'k. Rld.AV*.
4s quar coup.. 116 117 4s do cp (new)134 —
4s do reg 11j 113 3s do coup....ieaij —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS
Cal-sf Cab 5s.U6^i — j Oak Water 3*. — 103
C C Water 5s. — 107 Oceanic S3 Cs.107*, —
Ed L & P 6s.. — 130 |Om C Ry 6s...U'S —
F&ClRy6s..— — Pac O Imp 4».Wi', -
Geary-st R 5s. — 99 P & Cl Ry 6s. 104 —
H C & S a'js- — — IP A O R R 6s.li:> —
Do is — 105 Pow»ll-»t R M1S4 —
L A Ry 5s — 10S ;Pac L GAR5*.1MH4 —
L A Lt Co 6a. — — JS F &. SJV 5s.11j j 4 -
Do gntd 6s.. — — |S R of Cal 6s..limi!lS
L A gntd 5s.. .100 102% S P of A 6s....lll>*lir,
L A P R R 5s. — 101 S P C «9 i\»&>
Market-st 6s.. .123 — (Series A) — 1:2
Do 1st M Is.inu — Do iSeries R>li; —
N C N G R 7s. 112 115va ! SPCts (1306). 112% -
N R of Cal 63.113 — Do (1?12) 1204 -
Do 6s 118'illD S P R 1st gntd - —
N P C R R 6s. 101 — S P Br 6s 132% —
Do is 10« — I S V Water 8s.. 112% —
N Cal Ry 6s.. — 111 ' Do 4« 103 kt,
Oak G L & H.lttf - | Doll mtg...l01 3 il"?N.
Oak Tran Cd..il7 — Stoektn Gas 8s — 10*h
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 63% —
Marin County. 51U — Spring Valley. 96'i —
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent G L Co.. - — IPacLCo 43 -
Cent L & P Co — 8 jSac Kl GIRCo ::n :c.
Eqult G L Co. 3H 3Ts,S F O & E 53 T i 54
Mutual El Co. 10' « 11 San Francisco, o 5^4
O G L & H.. i>\ SfHijStkn G & E Co 10 —
Pac Gas Imp.. — 63 I
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Firem's FunJ.22S —
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd 63 -r Lon P & A.... 132% —
Bank of Cal... 409 — Merchants' Ex 15 —
Cal S D & T..105 — Nev Nat Bit... — —
First Nattonl.2S5 SCO I
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L...1S50 13G0 Sav & L So.... 74 —
Hum S & L.. — — Sec Sav Bk.... — —
Mut Sav B_... 47 — Union T Co.... — —
S F Sav U 507 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCK3.
California 123 — ;O S L * H.... — 45
Geary-st — — 'Presidio — 22!4
Market-st «7',i 67%'
POWDER STOCKa
California — 162»4 Vieorit S% 3'.i
Giant Con Co. — 86 I
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana 8 P Co.. ! 8^4 Kilauea SP Co Z1H 22
Haw C & S Co 88H 8!> Makaweli S Co 44 4»-4
Honoka S Co. 31 Ul^i Onomea S Co. Tt —
Hutch S P Co. ZS% — Paauhau S Co. 31 S1H
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn.l22'i — . Pac A F A.... l*i —
Cal Fruit Assn 97H — Pac C Bor Co-150 131V»
Mer Ex Assn.. 97 100 Par Faint Co. 12 —
Oceanic S Co. . 93H 94 •
Morning Session.
Board—
10 Hawaiian Com'l A Sujrar 8. Oft
45 Hutchinson S P Co 25 25
150 Paauhau 9 P Co 3100
5 Sacramento Elec, Gas & Ry 35 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 54 00
$1000 Spring Valley is 113 00
Afternoon Session, .
60 Contra Costa Water ' 78 00
J1CC0 Centra Costa Water bonds 107 CO
50 Hana Plantation Co 8 CO
50 Oakland Gas 50 Ort
400 Paauhau S P Co 31 00
193 Spring Valley Water 96 23
Street—
10 Giant Powder Con 85 23
15 Kilauea S P Co 21 50
$3C0O Pacific Gas Imp 4a 101 50
Mornlnc Session.
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Board —
100 Home Oil 4 «S
100 Yukon «3
J00 Cala-Standard 37
25 Oil City Petroleum 2S 00
300 Rex _. 100
- » Afternoon Session.
Board—
300 Home Oil _.— . 4 «3
40O El Dorado 125
20 Kern River „ 19 00
20 Oil City Petroleum Z> CO
100 Reed Crude OH Co 51
250 Sterling O & D Co 1 W
Street—
100 Home Oil 4 63
25 Cala-Standard _ 3}
MINING STOCKS.
The followine were the sales fn the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Mornlnr Session.
200 Alta 02: 500 Ophir 4S
100 Caledonia. 42! 200 Savage 17
300 Chollar 13 300 Utah 05
800 Con Cal & Va..l 15 100 Yellow Jacket.. 20
300 Mexican 271
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 13 200 St. Louis IS
40O Chollar IS 150 Union Con IS
100 Gould & Curry. 33 1000 Yellow Jacket.. 21
100 Savage IS
Morning Session,
The followlnsf were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday!
500 Best & Belcher 271 300 Ophir 47
200 Chollar IS COO Seg Belcher..-. fl J
200 Confidence 73 500 Syndicate P>
250 Gould & Curry. 24 100 Yellow Jacket.. 3>
400 Mexican 27 500 Yellow Jacket.. .
500 Occidental 03
Afternoon Session
200 Andes 091 200 Savage 17
100 Best & Belcher 27j 200 Sierra Nevada. 3ft
100 Best * Belcher 23 100 Silver Hill »
100 C C & Va....l 12H 200 Yellow Jacket.. 20
100 Ophir 4S
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THE STOCK MARKET.
LIVERPOOL.
WTieat— Sent. Dec.
Opening 6 2tf . 6 4%
Closing 6 2 6 4
PARIS.
Wheat— Sept. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 20 60 22 15
Closing 20 50 22 10
Flour-
Opening 26 20 28 25
Closing ( 26 20 28 25
Available Grain Supply.
.NEW YORK, Sept. IS.— Special telegraphic
and cable advices to Bradstreet's show the
following changes In available supplies as com
pared with the laat account:
Wheat, United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, increase, 3,318,000 bushels; afloat
for and in Europe, increase, 1,800,000 bushels.
Total supply, increase, 5,118.000 bushels.
Corn, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, increase, 646,800 bushels.
Oats, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, increase, 2,740,000 bushels.
Stocks of wheat at Portland, Or., and Ta
coma and Seattle, Wash., Increased 320,000
bushels last week.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 S4',4
Sterling Exchange, siRht — 4 S3
Sterling Cables — 4 83
New York Exchange, sight — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 07^
Fine Silver, per ounce — . 62%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 5O',4 @ 51
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGTHS— The charter of the
Acamas at 42s 6d fixes the rate at the advance.
The market is very stiff. The chartered wheat
fleet in port has a registered tonnage of 44,000,
against 39,800 tons at the same time last year,
disengaged, 7600 tons, against 5270: on tne way
to this port, 152,550 tons, against 130,600.
WHEAT-Liveroool and Paris showed little
change. • New York declined at the opening, but
subseouently advanced.
Chicago was about the same. Operators we/e
moderate sellers, but the decline was considered
temporary. There was a fair export busi
ness. The weather In the Northwest was
threatening, and the Northwest was a good
buyer, -•
Futures in this market were a fraction or so
lower, but spot prices were unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 05@l 06% ; Milling,
$110^111%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 2000
$109%; 4000. $109%. May— 2000, $1 15%; 10.000,
ctls, $109%: WOO, $1O9V4: 24,000. $1 0a. May—
4000, $115%: 6000, $1 15V4: 4000. $115.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 10,000
ctls. $109%; 18,000. 1109ft. May-2000,- |1 15ft;
6000. $1 15%.
$1 16%: 24.000. $1 16.
BARLEY — There Is an undercurrent of
strength to the market, as fine bright lots are
not overplentlful. The demand, however, is
still light and quotations show little change.
Feed. 72H©75c for No. 1 and 60@70o for off
grades: Brewing and Shipping grades, 77 1 / j@
82^Sc: Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES,
Informal Session— December— C000 ctls, 73c;
2000. 72?ic.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — May — 2000 cll3, 75c;
2000, 74?;c; 2000, 74 1 /2C. *
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— Offerings are In excess of the demand
and the market is dull. Holders are firm, how
ever, and keep prices from giving way.
•White. $1 l'^Ql 30; Surprise, $1 35@1 40; Red,
$110<g v 120; Gray, $1 10@l £0; Black, for feed,
$1 10@l 15; for teed, $1 15® 1 20 per ctl.
CORN-r-Eastern yellow and white are quoted
at $110(3120 per ctl. No other descriptions
offering.
RYE— Quiet at 87H@90c per cU.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 60Q>
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon and Washington, $2 75g3 13 per barrel
for family and $3 15&3 50 for bakers' ; Eastern,
$4 75Q5 75 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 73; Rye
Meal, $2 CO; Rice Flour. $7: Corn Meal. $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats, $4 50; Hom
iny. $3 60(53 75; Buckwheat Flour, $4^ 4 25;
Cracked Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $60
7 25; In sacks, $5 75@7; Pearl Barley, $3; Split
Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hav and Feedstuff s.
Another advance in Bran Is announced and
Middlings have also moved up. Both are in
light supply. ',
Hay shows signs of more steadiness, though
stocks are still large and the demand Is nothing
extra. The Inward rush from the country,
however, seems to be subsiding.
BRAN— $14 50S16 per ton. - .
MIDDLINGS— $17@21 per ton. r ¦•''¦"
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16#17 60 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26927; Jobbing,
$27 50®23: Cocoanut Cake, S20@21; Corn Meal,
$26 50; Cracked Corn. $27; Mixed Feed. $13 50@
14.
HAY — Volunteer, $4 S0@ 7: Wheat, $10@12;
Wheat and Oat, $3 60<gll 50; Oat, $S@10: Clover,
Hm: Alfalfa, $6®7 50; Barley, $6 50©8 50 per
STRAW— 30Q-37^c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans continue very quiet. Stocks of old are
practically exhausted and arrivals of new are
yet too small to make a market.
Mustard Seed continues in light supply and
firm.
BEA.NS — Bayos, $2 40<g:2 50; Email White, $4;
Large White, $2 60J?2 65; Pink, $2 25®2 50; Red,
$3 25; Blackeye. $3 25; Lima. $5 15^5 25; Pea,
none here; Red Kidneys, $3 25@3 50.
SEEDS — Brown ? Mustard. 3*i#4c; Yellow
Mustard. 4%«5c; Flax, $2@2 50; Canary. 3Hc
per lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Al
falfa, nominal; Rape, 2Vi@3c; Hemp, 4@4' / £c;
Timothy, 4#4 1 £c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, nominal; Green, $2 23®
2 60 per ctl; Blackeye; |2. •
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Vegetables of all kinds are in large supply
and easy, except Tomatoes, and there are
enough of them to go around. Potatoes and
Onions stand about as previously quoted.
POTATOES— Early Rose. 25@30c: Burbanks,
30@60c for Rivers and 75c@Jl 05 per ctl for Sa
llnts; Sweets, 75c@$l for Rivers and |1 25@1 40
for Merced.
ONIONS— 60@60c per ctl; Pickle Onions. B0
660c.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. 73c@U per sack
and $1@1 25 per crate; Green Peas, lHS2%c per
lb; String Beans. l<32c; L'mas. lH@2^c per lb;
Cabbage, 40©50c; Tomatoes, Bay, 25@40c; E*g
Plant, 25@4Oc per box; Green Okra, 25@40c;
Green Peppers, 30®40c per box for Chili and 30
(gEOc for Bell; Dried Peppers, 10@15c: Carrots,
25@35c per sack: Summer Squash, 23@40c for
Alameda: Cucumbers, 25@40c for Alameda;
Pickles, $1@1 25 per ctl for No. 1 and.501J75c
for No. 2; Garlic, 3c per lb; Marrowfat Squash,
$S@10 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
The Poultry market continues well supplied
and rather weak, even at the low prices. Game
continues to command good quotations, though
Hare and Rabbits are lower under larger ar
rivals.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys,' 105?12c for Gobblers
and 11® 13c for Hens; Young Turkeys. 14tf?17c;
Geese, per pair, ?1 2501 50; Goslings, Jl E0@l 75;
Ducks, $3@4 # for old and J3 5O@4 50 for young:
liens, $3 50@o; Young Roosters. $4iS'4 50; Old
Roosters, $3 Etf@4 50; Fryers, *3Jj3 50; Broilers,
J3@3 50 for large and $2'5'2 50 for small; Pigeons,
$101 2o per dozen for. old and $1 7i@2 for
Squabs.
GAME— English Snipe. ?2; Doves, 73@S5c per
dozen: Cottontail Rabbits. $1 23; Brush Rabbits.
73c@-|l: Hare, 73c® Jl 25: Grouse. $S; Sage Hens,
; Mountain Quail, $2 50@3 per dozen.
Butter, Cheese ana] Eggs.
Butter is steady at the advance with mod
erate stocks, and there is no disposition to
unduly crowd the market. Stocks at. the four
principle Eastern markets are 150,000 tubs more
than at the same time last year, while the
stock in the United States is 1,000.000 tubs
more. .Hence dealers are- wary about running
up the market .too hlsh.
There Is no change In -Cheese, the market
bclnc Quiet. .
. Eegs are very steady and some dealers are
quoting a firmer market. Stocks are moderate
and the demand is good.
BUTTER—
• Creamery — Fancy'Creamery, 25@C6c; Seconds,
24ift24%c.
Dairy— Fancy. 23U@24c; rood to choice, 220
23c; common, 17%(tJ21c.
Creamery tub— 20<?i;22 I /4c per lb.
Pickled roll— 19(521c.
Flrklt!— 18019c.
CHEESE— New, 9-510c; old. »Sft8V4c; Toung
America, 10©10%c; Eastern, 13H@14c; Western
10<ai2c r>cr lb. . . .
EGGS— Quoted at 17%@22%c for store and 27U
@32V£c :>er dozen for ranch; Eastern, 18@22*ic.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits,
Watermelons are dolnr' rather better again,
owing to the warmer weather, and the other
melons are also steady.
Pears are lower, as the best are gone and
those coming in are small and dead ripe
Plums continue in light supply and firm
Peachca are weak and hanging fire, with lih
eral stocks. Fl_» and Quinces are steady with
plenty of stock here..
Grapes show little change from dav to day
Supplies are amrle for all needs. The same
remark applies to berries of all kinds
Oranges. Lemons and Limes show no chance
all '.being -rather dull. W|
DECIDUOUS • FRUITS—
« n A / PL J 3S ~ 25S50c ?«T box for common and
60ciQ?l for good to choice. ..,.<¦
PEAKS- Bartlett. 60c@$l per box; other va
rieties. ; 25>ff60c ¦ r>er box.
OTiiycKS— 2MT65c per box.
CRANBERRIES-Coos Bay, ,, $2 50 per box
: STRAWBERRIES-12 50®5 .per chest for
11 'heat freights advanced.
IV heat quiet, but generally steady.
Silver a fraction -firmer again. Exchange undisturbed.
Barley shows signs of increased firmness.
Offerings of Oats in excess of the demand.
Corn and Rye steady and unchanged.
Bran end Middlings again advanced. Hay steady.
Beans and Seeds qui-ct at about the old prices.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables plentiful and cheap.
Butter and Eggs firm, "with moderate stocks. Cheese quiet.
Poultry in ample supply and easy. Game continues firm.
Fresh Fruits featureless, zvith free supplies.
Dried Frtiits in moderate demand at unchanged quotations.
Hams easy, with talk of cutting. Bacon and Lard firm.
Wool dtill. Hides slow and plentiful. Hops doing better.
Sugar firm at the high prices.
Oils about as before quoted.
Some kinds of Canned Fruits withdrawn from the market.
Cod firm, until an advance in Cannel.
Hogs in lighter receipt and steadier.
Mutton, Lamb and Veal weaker. Beef unchanged.
"Western Union 793;
2S5 Republic Iron & Steel 1214
Republic Iron & Steel prefd 63
P C C & St Louis 56
174.300 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS
U S 2s ref, when IM K & T 4s 9Ui
Issued, reg 104^4 IN Y Cent lsts 10S>4
L b 2s ref, when Jtf J Cent tren 5s.. 12"%
Issued, coup 1049i North Pacific 3s.... 65V*
L S 3s, reg no I North Pacific 4s.... 104»i
U S 2s, coup 110 N Y C & St L 4S..107U
L S new 4s. reff.'."134%|HOTf & W con 4s.. 98
U S new 4s, coup.. 134' 2 'Oregon Nav lsts... 109
Xj S old 4s. reg 115 {Oregon Nav 4s 102H
V S old 4s. coup. ...US Drcgon S L 6s 127>i
U S 5s, reg 114 Oregon S L con Bs.114'
U S 5s, coup 114 Reading Gen 4a.... 87
Dist of Col 3-65S...122 R G West lsts 99^
Atch gen 4a 10S=6 Bt L & I M con 5«.112V2
Atch adj 4s 85'/i'St L. & S F gen 6s. 123
Can South 2ds 106U St Paul con 169
Ches & Ohio iV 2 s... 98H|« P C & P Is IIS
Ches & Ohio 5s....l20 St P C & P 5s 119
C & N W con 7s... 139 South Pacific 4s.... 78?;
C & N W SFdebos.l20<4 South Ry 5s 10S»i
Chicago Term 4s.. 92>i Stand R &. T 6s... 67Vi
Col South 4s 82 r & P lsts 113'A
D & R G lsts 103'i T & P 2ds 59
D & R G 4s 93 Union Pacific 4s... 104%
Brie Gen 4s 68 Wabash lsts '117
Ft W & D C lsts. 72% Wabash 2ds 101
Gen Elec 5s 120 West Shore 4s 112%
Iowa Cent lsts. ...113% SVis Cent lets 86vs
\j & N unified 4s.. 93U Virginia Cent S9%
M K & T 2ds 65i,i
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 15 Ontario E 75
Crown Point 10 Ophir 43
Con Cal & Va 113 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 45 Quicksilver 1 CO
Gould & Curry 30 do' prefd 6 50
Hale & Norcross.. 18! Sierra Nevada 27
Homestake 50 00|Stanaard 4 15
Iron Silver 63;Unlon Con 14
Mexican 24 1 Yellow Jacket 17
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS,
Money— .Union Pacific B5»4
Call loans 2Vi@3 vvest End 91»i
rime loans 4 @4'i|\Vest Elec 47^
Stocks— i Wisconsin Cent.... 12ft
A T & S F 27H! Bonds—
do prefd 69'i Atchlson 4s ?9
American Sugar. -.116^* ; N' E Gas & Coke.. 3S
do prefd 115 Mining Shares —
Bell Telephone 141 Adventure 4
Bost & Albany. ...243 Allouex Mln Co.... 1U
Bost Elevated ....147U JAmal Copper ?7V 3
Boston & Maine... lFS'-i i Atlantic 22'i
C B & Q 123HIBost & Mont 312
Dominion Coal 3SU Calumet & Hecla..74O
do prefd 110 Centennial 14<4 i
Federal Steel 32% (Franklin 13
do prefd So 1 * Humboldt 25
Pitch prefd ex-div.l35Vi|Osceola 64'i
General Electric. ..1SS iParrot 4OVa
do prefd 133Vs'Quincy 145
Ed Elec 11! 210 iPanta Fe Copper... 4^i
Mexican Central... 11 Tamarack 219
Michigan Tel S3 Utah Mining -'9»i
N E Gas & Coke.. 11 iWinona 22
OM Dominion lG'i 1 Wolverines 40
Rubber 29Vi >
London Market.
CLOSING.
NEW YORK. Sept. 18. — The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablfgTam says:
The tone of the markets here was heavy to
day, mainly because of the scarcity of busi
ness and because of the expectation that the
Parliamentary elections -will divert attention
until they are over. The America.n department
was an exception, professionals buying in the
belief that yesterday's slump was largely
caused by manipulation. New York offered
support and the close nas at the best prices.
Tintos were lower, Paris showing a weak
tendency. Call money was easy and discounta
were firm. The Bank of England lest £103,000
gold In Egypt, £5CC0 to Africa and £5000 to
India. Silver was lower In India, but the close
here was steady.
Atchlson, 27T6: Canadian Pacific, 90^: Union
Pacific preferred, ~i%: Northern Pacific pre
ferred, 72U; Grand Trunk, 6\; Anaconda, 9.
Bar silver, quiet, 2S%d per ounce.
Money, 2^i per cent.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. IS.— Money on call steady
at l^QlH per cent; prime mercantile paper,
4@5 l /4 per cent. Sterling exchange' strong, with
actual business In bankers' bills at $4 S7Hfcr
4 S7V4 for demand and at 44 S3% for sixty days;
posted rates, $4 S4<g4 S4H and $4 SS; commercial
bills, $4 S2^@4 S3. Silver certificates, C2» 4 £7
63?4c. Bar silver, 62*ic. Mexican dollars, 49V4c.
Government bonds, strong; State. bonds, in
active; railroad bonds, Inactive.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Sept. IS.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances In the general fund,
exclulsve of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, J134,793,S29; gold. .$74,290,019.
LOCAL MARKETS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER 18.
Flour, qr sks 3, !NO; Shorts, nks 4<5
Wheat, ctls 7.730'Eggs, doz 9,0:.O
Barley, ctls 3.9;:OiLeather. rolls.... «6
Oats, ctls 1.3;:>iWlm\ gala 24.WO
Butter, ctls 152 Sugar. »k» 1.2^
Cheese, ctls "rti!Hifles. No 213
Beans. «ks «*i'T'elta. Ixils 20
Potatoes. sk3 l,*«,Wool, bags 112
Onions/ sks SOOiHay, tons K1
Bran, sks 50". j Middlings. »ks... 10U
Mustard, sks IVjt
OREGON.
Flour, <jr sks 1.03M
; ''\:- ii '•>' "WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks M*>| PUutseed, sks 1,14*
Oats, ctls 2,25o ! Wool, bales 3
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
ard California, 32s; cargoes Walla Walla, 30s
7%d;" English country markets, firm.
LIVERPOOL, Sept. 18.— Wheat, firm; No.
1 standard ¦California, 6s 6d; wheat in Paris,
quiet; flour in Paris, quiet; French country
markets, firm; weather in England, unsettled.
CLOSING,
COTTON— Uplands, 6%d
"WHEAT— Spot, firm; No. 2 Western winter,
6s 2^d; No. 1 California, 6s 3Hd@Cs 6d. Futures
quiet; September, 6s 2d; December, 6s 4d.
CORN — Spot, steady; American mixed, new,
4s 4d. Futures, quiet: October. 4s 3d; Novem
ber. 4s 2*4d; December. 4s 2%d.
Receipts of wheat during the past three days,
172,000 centals, including 131,000 centals Ameri
can.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ;*...... 14,000 11.000
Wheat.' bushels 374,000 40t>,000
Corn, bushels 596,000 : 314,000
Oats, bushels -W0.CO0 317,000
Rye. bushels 5.000 .. .
Barley, bushels ....101,000 ¦ 10.000
No. 3 spring wheat, 71 ®76c : No. 2 red. 78%c:
No. 2 corn, 4Cg'40Mc; No. 2 yellow, 40^4@40^c:
No. 2 oats, 21*4@22c; No. 2 white, 25c; No. 8
white. ,23%@25%c;- No. 2 rye. £2@52Uc; ; good
feeding barley, 33(g39%c; fair to choice malt
ing, 49@55c; No. 1 flaxseed, Jl 5S@1 5S%: No.i 1
Northwestern, $1 59% ; prime timothy seed. *J4
@4 25; mess pork, per bbl. $12 05@12 20: lard,
per 100 lbs, J7tf7 07y.; short ribs sides <looee),
57 70@7 90; dry salte"d shoulders (boxed), 6%is>
6%c; short clear sides (boxed), $S 10@8 20; whis
ky, basis of high wines. $1 26. Sugars— Cut
loaf, 6.60c; granulated, 6.10c: confectioners' A,
6c; off A, C.S5c. Clover, contract grade, $10.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creamery, leH® 210 : dairy.
14@lSc. Cheese, firm; 10V4S11&C. Eggs, firm;
fresh, 15c. k
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins,
There 13 no particular activity in anything.
Honey rules very firm and scarce. Nuts are
firm. Business in Raisins is halting pending
the announcement of opening prices. Reports
are conflicting as to Prunes. The local demand
is lijrht. but the export movement Is very fair,
and laree sales are reported in New York.
Fine larse Peaches and Apricots are getting
more or less cleaned up. but there is plenty
of undersized fruit on hand. Pears are slow.
FRUITS— Prunes, Santa Claras, 4 sizes. 3c.
40-509. 7c; 50-60s, 5Uc; 60-70s, 3%c; 70-SOs. 3Hc;
S0-90f», 2^c; 90-lOCs. 2Ue; 100s and over, 2c:
rubies, He premium; Sonomas, and San
Joaquirs lie less than Santa Claras, except 100s
and over, which stand tbe same. Apricots. 5ig.Sc
for Royals and lO'ailVxC for Moorparks; Evap
orated Apples, 5®6c; sun-dried, 334c; Peaches,
5J?5%c for standard. 6SC/2C for choice and 7©Sc
for fancy: Pears. 3@7c; Plums, pitted. 5® 6c:
unpltted. l(glV4c; Nectarines, 5<&5Hc for red and
BHSjSc for white.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb. 10c; choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime. 6c; un
bleached Thompson's per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, 8%C; choice, 7%c; standard. 6%c;
prime. 5c: unbleached Sultanas. - 5c; Seedless,
50-lb boxes, 5c; 2-crown loose Muscatels. 5V£c;
3-crown, 6>4c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers, 2
crown, Jl 50 per box; 3-crown, Jl 60; Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, 12 50; Imperial, J3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points in
California.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 10c: No. 2,
8c; No. 1 hardshell, 9',4c; No. 2, 7%c; Almonds,
12@13'4c for paper shell, 9Vs@10c for Eastern
and ES6c for California: Brazil Nuts, HS12'^c;
Filberts, 12S13c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts.
$3 50@5.
HONEY- Comb, 13%@14',4c for bright and 12H
@13c for light amber; water white, extracted,
7%@Sc; lieht amber extracted, *37Hc; dark, 6
@€%c per lb.
BEESWAX- 24@26c per lb.
Provisions.
Bacon and Lard ruled firm at the recently ad
vanced prices. Hams are easy, with renewed
rumors of cutting by the local trade.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lie per lb for
heavy, ll^c for light medium, 13c fcr light, 13%c
for extra light and lo^c for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 12Hc; Mesa Beef. J12 per
bbl; extia Mess. {13; Family. »14: extra Prime
Pork. J15 50; extra clear. J19; Mess, J16 50;
Smoked Beef. 12^£13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces Quoted at'7o per lb for com
pound and 9>,4c 'for pure: half-barrels, pure.
9fec: 10-lb tins. 10c; 5-lb tins. 10%c
COTTOLENE— One-half barrel, S%c; three
half-barrels, 8%c; one tierce, 8*jc; two tierces,
SVic; five tierces, SHc per lb. ¦
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
Hides are slow, with liberal stocks. Tallow
Is rather firm, but quotations are unchanged.
There is nothing doing in Wool.
Hops are firmer, but dull. For new Russian
Rivera 12Hc la now bid, but holders refuse to
sell at this price, preferring to wait until their
goods actually get on the market. Old Hops
are well cleaned up and no longer worth quot
ing.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, S@SHc; medium, 8^c; light. 8c; Cow
hides, 8c; Stags. 6c; Salted Kip, 15c; Dry Calf.
15c; culls and brands, 12c; Sheepskins. Shear
lings, 20<@30c each; short Wool, 30@30e each;
medium, 60®S0c; long Wool, 90c@{l 10 each;
Horse Hides, salt, ?2£2 25 for large, |1 75 for
medium, Jl for small and SOc for colts; Horse
Hides, dry. Jl 50 for large. Jl 25 for medium. Jl
for small and 25@50c for colts. Deerskins —
Summer or red skins, '.35c: fall or medium
skins, 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c. Goatskins
—Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth, 10c;
medium, 25c. ¦•
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4®4%c per lb; Ko.
2. 393HC: greasa, 2©2Hc. \
WOOL — Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern, free. lo-gWc; Northern, defective, 12®
14c; Middle County, free. 14316c; Middle Coun
ty, defective, 12S14c: Southern Mountain, 12
months', 9@10c; Southern Mountain, free, 7
months', ll®12c; Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months', 9@llc; Humboldt and Mendocino, 16
©17c: Nevada, 13@16c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln. 6MtSSc: do Tombs', S
©9c; Middle County. 9@llc per lb.
HOPS— New, 10@13c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hogs are not as weak as they have been, as
receipts are lighter again.
Veal, Mutton and Lamb are weaker. Beef
is unchanged.
BEEF— 5®€c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large, 7@8c;. small. 8®9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7Vjc; ewes, 7c per lb.
LAMB— S@S^c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogg. 5?io for small, 5%c for
medium and IVzC for large; stock Hogs and
feeders. &g5Vic; dressed Hogs, SgSHc.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — San Quentln Bags, $5 65: Calcutta
Grain Bags. 5%c: Wool Bags. 28%@32%c; Fleece
Twine, 7%c; Fruit Bags, 6%®6%c for white and
S',i'3S*;c for bleached jute.
CANNED FRUIT — Canners have withdrawn
quotations for some kinds, owing to th« de
pleted condition of stocks. Extras In 2V4-lb
tins are quoted as follows: Apricots, Jl 50;
Cherries. $2 for black. |1 85 for white and 12
for Royal Anne; Grapes, $1 35; Peaches, $1 65;
Pears, Jl 85; Plums. Jl 35@1 40; Quinces, Jl 65;
Strawberries, Jl 75.
COAL— Is very firm, with an advance in Can
nel. Wellington. J9 per ton; Southfteld Wel
lington. J3; Seattle, J7; Bryant, J7; Coos Bay,
J3 SO: Wallsend, J3; Co-operative Wallsend, J3;
Cumberland. J12 In bulk and $13 25 In sacks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, J14; Cannel, J12
per ton: Coke, J16 per ton in bulk and J1S In
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, JS.45 per
2000 lbs and JS 50 per ton, according to brand.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, 3V*c; cases, Z%
®4'ic; imitation Eastern, 5c; boneless, 4%c;
strips, 5®6c; blocks, 5®5}ic; tablets, 6c; middles,
5H@7^c; dessicated, 75c. ', v "'*.*
I CORDAGE— The local cordage company
quotes as follows: Pure Manila, 13c per lb;
Sisal sires and bale rope. 9*4c; Duplex, 8Vjc.
Terms, 60 days or IY2 per cent cash discount.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— 14@15c for prime
washed, 12>4@13Hc for good washed. 13@14c for
good to prime washed praberry. 12@13c for good
to prime peaberry, 11%i513c for good to prime.
10Vi@Uc for good current mixed with black
beans, 9^®llc for fair, 7Vi@9Uc nom. for com
mon to ordinary. Salvador— lUi iff 13Hc for good
to prime washed, 10H@Hc for fair washed. 13
tfJ13%c for good to prime washed peaberry. 11©
ii^ic for cood to prime semi- washed. 10%® lie
for superior unwashed, 10%c for good green u,n
washed. UglUic for good to superior un
washed peaberry, 7>A@9c nom. for common to
•ordinary. Nicaragua— 13®16c for prime to fancy
washed, 10',i ! '?jl2Uc for fair • to strictly good
washed. lO^-glO^c nom. for good to superior
unwashed, 11@U%c nom. for good to prime un
washed peaberry. Guatemala »and Mexican—
13Vi@17c for prime to fancy washed, 12H@13c
for strictly Rood ' washed, 11012c for good
washed, 9%®10%c for fair washed. 9g9V4c for
medium, 6%@8%e for inferior to ordinary, 13«j
14c for good to prime washed peaberry, 11&
HVic nom. for good to prime unwashed pea
berry, 10%@llc nom. for good to superior un
washed.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy, 2S#33o per lb; Sole
Leather, medium, 26@30c: Sole Leather, light
2G@28c; Rough "Leather, heavy. 27@2Sc; Rough
Leather, light, 23'526c: Harness Leather, heavy.
S2igSSc; Harness Leather, medium. 30<g37c; Har
ness Leather, light, 29©33c: Collar Leather, 15
618c per foot; Kip, finished. 4*So0d per lb-
Veal, finished, £0<fto5c: Calf, finished, 73c@$l 20;
Sides, finished, 16©l7c per foot; Belt Knife
Splits, 14it'16c; Rough Splits, 8gl0c per lb.
TANB ARK— Ground, $26<g2S per ton; Stick
$lSifi20 per cord.
OILS— California Castor Oil, In cases. No 1
73c; pure, $1 30; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled,
75c; raw, 73c; cases, 5c more; Lucol. 69c per
gallon for boiled and 87c for raw;. Lard Oil ex
tra winter strained, barrels. 70c! cases, 73c-
China Nut. 6$tri2c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot
Oil, barrels, COc; cases, 65c; Sperm, pure, 65c -
Whale Oil. natural white. 37>A'542 I r4c per eal
lon; Fish Oil. barrels. 3Sc: cases. 40c
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE AND "BENZINE
—Water White Coal Oil, in bulk, 12HC Pearl
Oil. in cases, lS^ic; Astral OH. in cases, lS^c-
Star Oil. in cases. lS%c; Extra Star Oil in
cases, 2IVbc; Elaine Oil. in cases. 23Vic- Eocene
20y 2 c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, In bulk 15c :
Deodorized Stove Gasoline, In cases. tlc'Ben
zlne. in bulk, 14c; Benzine, In cases 20c • 86
degreo Gasoline. In bulk. 21c; 86-degree Gaso
line, in cases, 27c.
TURPENTINE— Quoted at 61c per gallon in
cases and 55c In drums or iron barrels
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7M*f
7%c per- lb; White Lead. 7®7?ic. according to
Quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $« per flask for local use
and J4r.ff/'46 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar ,- Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Crushed, 7.03c; Powdered. 6.65c; Candy
Granulated, 6.65c: Dry Granulated., 6.5Sc; Con
fectioners' A. 6.63c; Magnolia A. 6.13c; Extra
C. 6.05c; GoldenC 5.9Jc; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels. 23c more; boxes, 50c more; 50-Ib bags
10c more. No orders taken for less than 73 bar
rels or its equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrels
7.3Qc ; boxes, 7.2ic per lb.
LUMBER- Retail prices are as follows: Pine.
ordinary sizes. S16CT17; extra sizes, higher: Red
wood, tllftli for No. 1 and S1WM for No. 2*
Lath, 4 feet. J3 5O@4: Pickets. $1S; Shingles,
tl 75 for common and J2 75 for fancy; Shakes,
til for split and J12 for sa^-n; Rustic, $21#27.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,' WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1900.
Foreign Futures.
EASTERN MARKETS.
8
larg-e and $507 for small berries.
BLACKBERRIES-Xcne In., .
RASPBERRIES— J4 S0«7 r«r chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES-4<Sf5c rer lb
FIGS— 2MJ3CC per single and 2j@6oc for double
layer boxes. ¦• • >-' -¦¦***
POMEGRANATES— 40®73c per small box.
PLUMS 30<?iSOc per box and 50®ijC per crate.
PEACHES— 25*?50c per box. '
GRAPES— Muscat, 40@60c per crate: black 40
«?60c- Tokay. 40@60c; Isabella, 40^. ac; Wine
Grapes. »I5©18 for white and $20-g2S per ton
for Zinfandel. _
MELON'S— Xutmpgs, 25ffl60c per case: Canta
loupes £0c@fl 25 per crate: Vv atermelons. *S©
17 50 with extra large at $20025 per 100.
CITRUS FRUITS-Seedllng Oranges. 1101 50 :
Lemons $1 23@2 for common and $2 50S- for
pood to' choice: Mexican Limes. $i oOSjb: Ba
nanas. Jl SKI- 2 50 per bunch; Pineapples. Jl oO<0
3 50 i>er dozen.
Chicago Grain Market.
California Fruit Sales.
TUESDAY, Sept. 1S-4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. i ' BUI Ask.
Alpha 03 04!Just!c« 07 OS
Alta 03 03 Kentuck — 01
Andes 08 07 Lady Wash — 03
Belcher 18 20 Mexican 27 2%
Best & Belcher 25 27 Occidental OT CS
Bullion 02 04 Ophir 46 *'
Caledonia 41 42 Overman 09 11
Chollar n 20|Potost 13 13
Challenge Con. 23 23 j Savage IS IT
Confidence 7» SJjScorplon 01 —
Con Cal & Va..t 10 1 li'Sesr Belcher.... 02 a:
Con Imperial... 01 02 : Sierra Nevada. 29 2«
Con New York. — OljSUver Hill 33 4"
Eureka Con.... — 4VSt Louis — '5
Crown Point... 12 14'Standani 4 1') 4 £"•
Exchequer 01 02jSyndlcate 04 05
Gould & Curry. 34 33 Union Con 18 1~
Hale Sc Nor 20 21 Utah 05 W
Julia 02 04, Yellow Jacket.. 21 --
________________
ABSALOM'S EXCUSE.
"Absalom," said Mrs. Rambo, "you'ro
late again! "Where have you been?"
"Been out watchln' th' shoot'n' star3,
m' dear," explained Mr. Rambo:
"The shooting stars? They don't shoot
until to-morrow night."
"Nanshy." responded Mr. Rambo, se
verely, "you've b-been readin' them lyin*
papers again!"—Chicago Tribune.
8. M. I T. I W. T. F. j S. Moon» Phase*
| I | 1,1 -m. rint Quarter.
1 I 10 11 J2 13 _^_|J^ Beotereber 1
~lT IT IS » 30 TsTj 22 fy !-•« Wumot.
| . • . a. New Mocn.
30 I I I I ' Ser>temb*>r S.
8. M. I T. I W. T. F. j S. Moon» Phase*
| I | 1,1 -m. rint Quarter.
1 I 10 11 J2 13 _^_|J^ Beotereber 1
~lT IT IS » 30 TsTj 22 fy !-•« Wumot.
| . • . a. New Mocn.
30 I I I I ' Ser>temb*>r S.
AUCTION SALES
KMIL COHN, Auctioneer— Will sell TO-DAY
OV ednesday). September ID. at 1 Golden place,
ctr Golden Gate ave., the nice, almost new oak
turniture and household goods too numerous to
mention, bedding and linen, nice lot of china
kinds. EMIL COHN. Auctioneer.The Riordan Diamond Medal.
The final essay contest of the League of
the Cross for the Archbishop Riordan
diamond medal will be held in Metropoli
tan Hall this ©venins, - - _¦ -
Woodmen of the Wo'rld.
Redwood Camp of the Wopdmen of the
World gave an entertainment and dance
last night to its friends In Pythian Castle.
So large was the number of guests that
to accommodate the dancers It became
necessary, to secure an additional hail.
To Begulate Pipe-Laying.
The Board of Public Works has submit
ted to the Board of Supervisors the draft
of a new ordinance which is intended to
regulate the use of public streets in plac
ing therein pipes and other conduits for
the purpose of supplying water, gas or
other fluid to the inhabitants of San Fran
cisco. Provision Is made for fees to be
collected for the inspection of excavating
work and restoring the public streets.
WAITERS OF THE CITY
MEET LADY FRIENDS
"Ladies' Day" at Their Clubhouse
Proves a Host Enjoyable
Affair.
Ladles' day at the Pacific Coast Wait
ers' Association rooms was a most enjoy
able affair. The clubhouse of the mem
bers at 413 Stockton street was thrown
open to their frlf nds between the hours of
3 p. m. and 12 midnight, and in that time
1500 guests were made the recipients of
the good things in the way of edibles and
entertainment provided by the members.
Hon. Julius Kahn, Porter Ashe and
Judge Kerrigan visited the club during
the day and made short speeches. The
Waltets' Association has every reason to
be proud of its rooms. Xot until a late
hour did the guests leave, so nicely wero
they entertained by song and story. The-
Impromptu programme brought out sonib
excellent talent, and the entire affair was
exceedingly well handled. Those who had
charge of the arrangements for ladies*
day are: G. W. Rowe. C. Mackenzie. C.
Stickles. H. J. Kelser, W. E. Collins and
E. R. Morse. . .
REILLY'S "ROUGH HOUSE"
WAS A GREAT SUCCESS
Company K, League of the Cross,
Give a Social in Aid of the
Sazaar.
Company K, League of the Cross
Cadets, gave last night at the residence
of Captain J. H. Reilly. 140 Day street,
what was termed on the Invitation "A
Rough House," but wasTreally a most en
joyable social. Everybody was assessed
25 cents on entering: the house, the fund
KOlng- toward St. Paul's bazaar. Judging
from the large attendance a neat sum will
to-day be handed over to Father Connolly.
There was a concert in the parlors and
a dance in the garden, a fine pavilion hav
ing been erected for the occasion. A
shooting gallery also had been. placed on
the grounds. Plates were laid for W in
the basement and the long tables were
loaded down with all sorts of good things
Chinese Reilly, who made so much fun
down, at the encampment, was there in
JUDGE FRITZ IN THE
NEW HALL OF JUSTICE
It Is now supposed that all the court
rooms and the offices of the Police De
partment and City Prison will he occu
pied about the end of this month. An
other delay has, however, arisen In rejjnrd
to the contract for tinting the walls. The
contractor has come to the conclusion
that the price wait too cheap and he asks
that he be Riven more or be released from
his contract. . ..- ",.
Judge Fritz will hare the distinction of
being ihe first jurist to hold court In the
new Hall of Justice He has arranged to
hear the case of Masujl Miyakawa.
charged with extortion, this afternoon at
2 o'clock In Ms new courtroom. He will
continue to hold court there In the after
noons when he has any Jury trials or
cases on the continued list where the de
fendant is out on bonds.
Meeting of German Republicans.
The German Republican Club met last
night at S O'Farrell ptreet- The follow
ing officers were elected: R. Weineke,
president; F. H. Maas, Fritz Gercke and
Joseph Scheerer, vice presidents; Carl \V\
Mullen secretary: W. Plagemann, treasu
rer, and Gus Audibert. sergeant at arms.
The meeting was addressed by Julius
Kahn, E. B. Rode. Robert Weineke. Dr.
K. Markbrelter and Charles Bundschu.
A mass meeting will be held at Metropoli
tan Temple Friday, September 21.
In the Divorc© Court.
OAKLAND. Se.pt. IS. -The following di
vorce j-uits were filed to-dny: Lizzie C.
O'henour against Joseph Klllott Cohen
our, desertion: Martha Vay Walker
¦painst R"b««rt J. Walker, failure to pro
vide. Annie Olarke was granted a divorce
from <;eorj;e K. <*larke by Judge- Ells
worth on tho ground of willful desertion.
Fhe was awarded the custodv of the
minor «-Mld.
Jumped Through a Window.
Adrlph Bcfelegel, 744 Fourth street. whil«
Fuff<»rir:jr from the "jimjams"' Jumped,
through a larce window of a. vacant store
Et €T2 Fourth Ftref t about 5 o'clock yes
terday morning. Policeman Naylor heard
the crash nf broken glass and discovered
fV-Meprl in the vacant store. The man
•wafi F^-nt to the Receiving Hn«tpltal. but
«s he had not been cut by the broken
plass he was transferred to the Insane
ward.
Datt of Teachers' Institute fixed
OAKLAND. Sept. IS.— The City Teach
ers* Institute will be held on October 9. 9
and 10. All Oakland schools will be closed
during the entire week. The teacher3 in
the high school will be excused from at
tending the institute In order that thev
may be required to tench an extra week
at the end of thu X<Tm.
Objects to the Occupation of the
Shanhai-Kwan and Tientsin
Railway.
Cor-yrlBht. 1300, by Associated -rress.
TIENTSIN, Sept. 17.— It is understood
that the British authorities have been in
structed to oppose Rigorously the Rus
sian occupation of the Shanhal-Kwan and
Tientsin Railway, which Is owned by a
British syndicate and leased to the Chi
nese. The recent Russian movements
northward are believed here to Include an
expedition to Shanhai-Kwan, which Is
now held by the Imperinl troops. Both the
British and Americana have an eye on
Shanhal-Kwan as'an open- winter port.
Only a few miles of the railway have
been destroyed and the bridges are In
tact. A British expedition to Shanhal-
Kwan is probable at an early date.
Brigadier General Humphrey, chief
quartermaster of the United States expe
ditionary force, and Colonel Samuel S.
Sumncr have arrived here. The latter will
command the second brigade.
BERLIN. Sept. IS.— Li Hung Chang, ac
cording to a Shanghai dispatch to the
Lokal Anzeiger promised I>r. Mumm von
Schwarzenstain, German Minister to Chi
na, that Emperor Kwang Su would return
to Peking, but he said that this would
lead to-.the establishment of another gov
ernment In Slanfu.
Other Shanghai dispatches say that the
Boxer movement in the province of Shan
tung Is increasing and that the Governor
General, Yuan She Kai, Is unable to sup
press it.
MANCHESTER A BANKRUPT.
Sad an Income of £7O Monthly,
But Spent £15OO to £2OOO.
LONDON, Sept. k— The Duke of Man
chester has concluded that It is useless to
compound with his creditors, and has sign
ed his consent to be adjudged a bankrupt.
The Duke says the family estates, of
which he is a life tenant, are so heavily
encumbered that the receipts only suffice
to pay tho Interest. He adds that since
attaining his majority his relatives have
allowed him £70 monthly, but his expendi
ture has been from £1500 to £2000. In ad
dition to his known liabilities of £15,000
there are many acceptances outstanding,
the amount and whereabouts of which he
has no knowledge.
¦ . *
BELLE ARCHER DYING.
JAMESTOWN, N. T., Sept. IS.— Belle
Archer, the actress, who was to have ap
peared here to-night, suffered a stroke of
apoplexy at Warren, Pa., this morning
and is said to be dying. ' Miss Archer was
a member of the Frawley Company in
San Francisco, v , -.
GREAT BRITAIN OPPOSING
THE DESIGNS OF RUSSIA
Citizens Are Somewhat Dilatory In
Jbecuring Their Right to
Hj2& Vote.
Ther^ remain but seven days In which
citizen? may register their names to vote
at the next Presidential election. Regis
trar Walsh calculates that there are 17.000
voters yot to be placed on the roll, taking
the registration of 1K*>. which was In
round numbers 71000, as a basis. Monday
last a total of P»T) names were enrolled,
but yesterday the registration fell to 500.
Precinct registration is also very light,
only 6000 names having been added to the
roll on the last two Saturdays, or an
average of less than twenty to a precinct.
Next Saturday will be the last day to
register in the precincts and September
26 the last day to register at all. The
office at the City Hall will remain open
continuously from S:30 a. m. until 10 p. m.
Voters who have registered since January
1. 1900. and have moved !n the meantime
must go to the City Hal! to have their
addresses changed. Precinct registration
Is for new additions to the roll, thougn
this may also be done at the City Hall.
ONLY SEVEN DAYS
FOR REGISTRATION
IL TROVATORE." the favorite old
Verdi cpera, which Is alternating this
week with "Faust" at the Tlvoll
Opera-houss. was given last night be
fore a crowded house.
The cast Is again a particularly fortun
ate one, Including Russo as Manrlco. Fer
rari as the Count di Lura, Effle Stewart
as Leonora and Lla Polltlni as Axucena.
Last evening It was the turn of Ferrari
to Furprise the audience. He has certain
ly done no such good work this reason as
his Count dl Luna. The "Anguish of My
Heart" was given with fine effect, and
¦was notably free from the tremolo which
has of late been marring this most ex
cellent voice. Russo was of course splen
did as the Manrlco, acting and singing
alike, and Schuster's bass did good work
In the part of Ferrando.
The part of Leonora i« well taken by
Miss Stewart, even partially well acted,
but if only this flno dramatic soprano
could act as well as she> can sing, few.
Indeed, on the operatic stage could equal
her. Polltini's Azucena Is good all
through. Her make-up Is excellent, and
her sympathetic contralto finds ample op
portunities in the role. The "SI la
Stanchezza" duet, sung with Russo in the
last act, was most beautifully given.
IL TROVATORE
AT THE TIVOLI
Licensed to Many.
OAKLAND. Sept. 1?.— Marriage licenses
were Issued to-day to James Moyer. 21
years of age. and Rosle A. Campana, 1^.
both of Oakland; Frank Reed Hull, 21.
Grass Valley, and Alice May Culin. 13.
Berkeley: Joseph Jason Coelho, 27. Oak
land, and Jeanette Souza. IS. llaywardd.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1J1S Broadway. Sept. "IS.
The boycott upon Justice of the Peace
J. G. Qulnn, which has deprived him for
the past two months of most of his emol
uments of office has been declared off.
Harmony again prevails in the temple of
justice at the southwest corner of Broad
way and Eighth street. As soon as reno
vations are made Constables "Weidler and
Williamson will return to their old quar
ters to He down peacefully like the lion
and the lamb of olden time.
The terms of agreement upon which the
return to harmony has been arranged are
a secret among the parties in' interest.
Neither the Justice nor the Constables
care to make public that feature of the
restoration of amicable relations. They
are content to say the war Is over, and
that hereafter Judge Qulnn will receive
the fees of office, which for sixty days
have flowed Into the pockets of Justice
Lame of East Oakland. What Is Justice
Quinn's gain will be the loss of the Judge
on the east side of Lake Merrltt.
It Is estimated that the boycott cost
Justice Qulnn not less than $600 In fees.
as there have been fully 200 arrests made
by the Constables since they declared
war. At $3 a head It Is manifest a tidy
Bum has been lost to the Justice of Oak
land Township.
The battle between the Constables and
the Justice has been a prolific source of
worry among the friends of both sides.
They have been working diligently to
close the breach. A Justice's office with
out fee3 la like a circus without peanuts;
bo everybody Is happy now that the white
winged dove has settled down upon the
cote that was so rudely disturbed.
Warring Constables Settle
Their Grievances and
Peace Returns.
BOYCOTT UPON
JUSTICE OUINN
DECLARED OFF
One of the oldest and best-known mar
iners on the Pacific Coast, Captain WU
llam F. Lapidge, passed away yesterday
In this city at the ripe old age of 78 yearn.
The deceased had retired from active llfo
for over twenty-five years, his last posi
tion bolnj; that of commander of the Pa
cific Mall Steamship Company.
The deceased was a native of England
and sailed out of Liverpool as a midship
man on the North Star of her Majesty'*
service. After six years In the navy ho
entered the merchant service as master
of the bark Jenny Bryant, and subse
quently commanded other vessels, leav
ing them to enter the employment of the
Cunard steamship line, remaining with
that company as third, second and tlrst
officer for seven years and a half.
He came to the Pacific Coast in 1S51 and
after running north on the Columbia and
other steamers for ten years he took tho
steamship Unicorn ta Sydney and sold her
for the account of W. H. Aspinwall. He
then accepted a position on tho Panama
route, whore he remained for twenty-two
years, retiring in September, 1S73.
The deceased died very well off, owning
several valuable pieces of property both
In the Mission and in South San Fran
cisco. The remains of the deceased are
at the parlors of the Golden Gate Under
taking Company, but no definite arrange
ments have yet been made for the funeral.
Captain William Lapidge, a
Pioneer Steamboat Man
Is Dead.
OLD MARINER IS
CALLED TO HIS
LAST LONG BEST
full regalia and was ably assisted by
George Qulnn. Colonel E. J. Power and
ptaff were in attendance and nobody
thought of going home until there was a
reminder of "last cars." The programme
was as follows:
Overture. St. Paul's Orchestra: vocal solo, R,
Plunkett; piano solo. Mm. Jennie Krenz; "Ex
periences at Camp O'Ryan," Georgre Quinn;
coon selections, Fred O'Connell; vocal solo, D.
F. Deasy; fancy dance. Miss Viola Winter;
bar»o solo. L» A. I-arcon of Knickerbocker
Quartet; »pecialtl*s. Frank Scully; violin «olo,
William Healy; vocal solo. J. F. Denehy; !¦<•
lections. Mandolin Club; jig dancing, Joseph P.
Kelleher: selections, orchestra; the only Wil
liam J. Hynes; dancing In the pavilion.
OAKLAND. Sept. 19.— Hon. Charles A.
Towne. the Sliver Republican orator, will
ppeak next Saturday afternoon at 3 o'clock
in the Exposition building. Hon. Frank
Freeman, the Democratic nomine© for
Congressman from the Third District, will
also address tho meeting.
Mr. Town© will leave San Jose na Sat
urday morning. He will be m*t at Nlles
by a delegation from the Democratic
County Central Committee and escorted
to San Leandro, where he will speak at
12:30 .o'clock. From San Leandro he will
come direct to Oakland.
HON. CHARLES A. TOWNE
TO SPEAK IN OAKLAND
have absolutely forbidden any disturb
ance, still fearing the efTect of the Revere
shock. Dr. Kergan said to-day:
"Mrs. Klier is in a very dangerous condi
tion because of the internal injury from
inhalation of smoke and tlames. She Is
semi-conscious, but Is delirious tho
greater part of the time. I think that the
crisis will come during the next forty
eipht hours, although she may succumb
before that. The children will, in my
judgment, recover. Their burns are very
severe but they seem to have rallied
some from the shock. The cases appeal
to one because of the family's destitute
condition. While they owned the place
that was burned, they are greatly In need
of temporary assistance,"
Mrs. Charles Webber, who opened her
home to the sufferers, said: "We have
given them the best accommodations we
have, but the Injured children should be
removed to a place better adapted to
their care. Mrs. Kller Is, of course, In no
lly Is receiving the best of attention at
the hands of Df. H. S. Kergan.
They are absolutely destitute. Every
thing they possessed was either stolen by
the burglars who, the police say. caused
the fire or is in ashes in the destroyed
dwelling. The children are without a ves
tige of clothing, save the nightpowns
which they wore. There was not a dol
lar's worth of goods saved from the fire.
On top of the calamity Is the danger
that the father. Franz Kller, will " b«
dri\en insane by the shock from the dis
aster. For many months he had been se
riously ill and had been compelled re
cently to go to San Francisco to get away
from the malarial conditions at home.
Friends broke the news to him late last
night, and he was nearly frantic with
grief and fear for the condition of his
family. He could not reach them until
this morning. He found his wife and chil
dren swathed from head to foot In band
ages and unable to speak. The doctors
MRS. FRANZISCA KLTER. THE DYING MOTHER, AND HER THREE
CHILDREN-OTTILIA. ANNA AND FRANZ-WHOM SHE HEROICAL
LY RESCUED FROM DEATH IN THEIR BURNING HOME.
Husband and Wives Who Cannot
Zndure Their Yokes. Appeal to
Judges for Separation.
Mr=. F.i"-sa R. Bom toby has sued her hus
" snd. William H. Bowlsby. a hrakeman in
• "¦ :¦•¦¦ ¦ f the Southern Pacific Oom
for rr..- inter.ar.ee. Mrs. Bowlsby a'i-
¦ f. ¦< that her husband deserted her on
-¦. and although she has btrn ill
and ur.*hle !•-. work he ha? refused to <up
; ort her.
Mrs. Pansy I. a wrer.ee. daughter of Po
liceman Haksett* was on the stsnd in
Judge Seaw*'l!'s court yesterday and ex
r-'.ained her reralon of th«» "joke"" hy
which she b«came the wife of Prink
Lawrence while enjoying an outing *U!i
:r • dfi at Sar. RafafJ. Mrs. Lawrence :«
::¦ rated hci ttcrr as heretofore published.
H ' said h«T friends thought it wouli be
p good joke to hav<- her go through a
marriage ceremony with Lawrence. ;ind
btiti* out for fun she consented. Sho did
not r< iii:z<-, however, ehe said, that she
•• as in fart I>awrence'« wife until he
•.;<•! at her home to claim her. Then
- saw the mistake Fhe had made and
r< • about to undo the mischief.
As corroor.rative testimony wa_s nec^s
»-:.r>\ JuO^e Sea well continued the case
th^t the young woman's friends and the
minister wlr-. performed the ceremony
rric:ht br sutj^naed.
Charles A. Harlacher fil<»d suit vester-
C&y f^r a decree annulling his marriage
to Georgia M. Harlacher. his action being
based on the fact that he married his
wife within one year aftf-r her divorce
from her former husband, George B.
Davis. Harlacher considers this fact
legally Impeded his wife from marrying
him. ar.d hence he asks that he be re
leased from all obligations arising from
their marriage.
Andrew Silvertsen was granted a di
vorce yesterday from Matilda Silvertsen
on th«* ground of desertion. A decree of
<Jivnrc«> was al«o granted Alice <.\ Carr
from William Carr for willful neglect.
Suits fnr divorce have been filed by
Arthur W. Rennison ajrainst Elsie Ren
r.isori for cruelty; Frederick L. Taylor
eerainst Alice il. Taylor for desertion:
Mario J. Ens=a a*ra!nst Kmanuel S. Enss
for faJIur* 1 to nrnvlde; Ellen Frances Hes
]er agttast Theodor J. He?!er for cruelty;
and William H. Veghte against Jeanette
31. Vcghte f«r intemperance.
UNHAPPY MARRIED
FOLK IN THE COURTS
OAKLAND. Sept. 1S.-J. L. Pallnbaum
has sworn to a warrant for the arrest of
A. E. Trimble, recording secretary of
Court United States, Foresters of Amer
ica, on a charge of battery. The com
plainant ."av3 Trimble hit him on the head
with a heavy weight at the Foresters"
HaJl last night during a quarrel about
lodge affairs. Pallnbaum represents a
faction In the. Foresters which does not
want to discontinue the gymnasium at
tachment to the new lodge hall. Trimble
Is on the other side. There were hot
word3 between them last night, the verbal
warfare ending in the flsrht, which will be
thrashed out in the Police Court.
This is a side Issue to a merry row In
progress over the same general topic.
Trimble la accused by T. L. Holden, the
lodge, secretary, of divulging lodgf se
crets. Trimble accuses Sam Mendels3ohn.
the athletic director, of being unnt for
the position. Th« trouble has been brew-
Ing for weeks because of dissatisfaction
with the financial returns from the gym
nasium annex.
FORESTERS PASS BLOWS
OVER LODGE TROUBLES
condition to be moved."
Fire Warden Lawton made a thorough
examination of the ruins to-day. His
opinion is that the fire was started by
the burglars who were frightened away
by the unexpected home-coming of Mrs.
Klier. Said l-awton:
"The fire started at the foot of the back
stairs, the only means of communication
with the second lloor, where were the
mother and children. An open window
upstairs created a draught through this
funnellike stairway. When Mrs. Kiler
opened the door to escape fames must
have struck her and forced her back. I
wonder anybody escaped. It looks very
much as If the burglars wererespons'ble for
the fire. We could find no trace of any ex
ternal cause. The fire started inside am}
In a corner, as if a match or bit of candle
had been thrown there and laid until it
set the woodwork and carpets ablaze." .
Bf sides tho jewelry which was stolen a
considerable sum of money which was
hidden in a pewing machine drawer is
missing. Tho Kliers had been saving as
siduously toward the building of a new
home in a more healthy portion of tho
city Franz Kller. the father, is an ex
pert on brass Instrument manufacture,
and for many years has been employed
by Sherman. Clay & Co.
"To my wife's brave action and her
rjulck-wittedness I owe the lives of my
children," said the husband as he
gazed upon the ruins of his home that
had cost him many years of toll to gain.
"I care nothing for the loss of my home,
but I pray that my wife and babies will
recover. All that was left them was to
face death in the flames or to take the
desperate chance of a plunge from the
house to tho ground. I am thankful they
were not killed by the fall."
Mrs. Kller kep"t her presence of mind
throughout the awful ordeal. Bhe first
tossed out a big feather mattress and
then tried In the darkness to toss her
children upon it. Ottilia's, arm was
broken by striking on the front stairway
entrance as she fell. Except for their
bums this wns the only external Injury
any of the four sustained.
Miss Isabel Lyman and
Robert Phillips Married
at the California
Last Evening.
ISS ISABEL LTMAX and Rob-
I I I ert Bonsall Phillips were married
111 last evening at 9 o'clock in the
II parlors of the California Hotel.
' Rev. Mr. Brush of Alameda per
formed the ceremony
The bride was attended by her sister.
Miss Edna Lyman, ¦who officiated • as
bridesmaid, a. Myer acted as best man,
and the ushers were >v alter Scott, Dr.
Stephen Piper and Frank Sommers.
Charles Lyman, father of the bride, gave
her into the keeping of the groom. After
the- ceremony an elaborate supper was
served In the banquet hall of the hotel.
The bride was beautifully attired In
¦white organdie over white silk. A veil
of orange blossoms lent the finishing
touches to the dainty costume.
Miss Lyman, the maid of honor, wore
a stylish gown of blue organdie over blue
silk. •
Mr. and Mrs. Phillips are going south
on a brldaJ trip, and on their return will
take up their residence at the groom's
charming home on San Carlos avenue.
W00 FOO KILLED
BY WATERMELON
OAKLAND. Sept. 1?.— Becau««
Woo Foo could not control his
appetite for watermelon his
corpse now rests on a slab
at the Morgue. The unlucky
Chinaman, it is declared but
not sworn to, ate a dozen of the
most lucious melons he could find
and he did not wait for one to
digest before the next one was con
sumed.
Within twenty-four hours the lot
had disappeared. Then Woo Foo
went to bed In his lodgings at 357
Eighth street. Last night some
Mongolians found him dying. They
called a doctor, but the rapacious
melon eater was beyond reach of
medical skill.
Coroner Mehrmann will hold an
Inquest. The doctor says the ver
dict will necessarily be "too much
watermelon." Woo Foo was a la
borer.
AUTUMN NUPTIALS.
Jury in His Case Will B« Instructed
to Return a Verdict of Ac
quittal.
The quick verdict of guilty given Mon
day night by the jury In the cases of
Harry Corbett and Joseph Mohan, his
clerk, for violating the ordlnunce against
poolsel'ing, has been hailed with satisfac
tion by the police and the hope is ex
pres=e<i that juries in other cases will act
in the same way. The cases were called
yesterday morning before Judge Cabanlss
and sentence was deferred till Septem
ber 2T>.
The cas? of Louis Rnblnette waa also
called for argument on the motion of At
torney Collins, for the defendant, that the
Judge should instruct the jury to acquit
the defendant. The evidence was heard
by tht Jury last Friday, but they were
excused till to-morrow that the Judge
mi^ht hear th? argument of counsel. Po
lice.nan Nyhan had given Robinette on
July 23 $5 to bet on a horse. Robinette
was notiMe*i that Nyhan was a police of
ficer and he refusf-d to place the bet till
Nyhan gave him his name and the num
be.r of his star. This Nyhan refused to do
and demanded the return of the to without
Attorney Collins argued that no bet was
consummated, and as the ordinance did
not mak<» any provision for an attempt to
«ell a pool the Judge will have no other re
course than to instruct the Jury to acquit.
This will be done when the Jury Is called
to-morrow.
SHI IS OFF VIEW
OF A NEW CHURCH
OAKLAND. Sept. 1*.— Rev. John ?
W. Thompson, manager of ¦?¦
the Pacific Coast Bible So- ¦?¦
eiety and a stanch Method- ?
i?t, resides directly opposite ¦?¦
the site of the new Christian Scl- ¦?•
ence church now being erected at +
Seventeenth and Franklin streets. ?
The strongest kind of an antagon- -?-
Ism exists between the orthodox ?
faith of the Rev. Mr. Thompson •?•
and those who will worship in the •?¦
npw church. Rf>v. Mr. Thompson ?
ha? planted a row of trees in front ?
Of his home and so close are they ?
that they will form a densely thick ?
hedge, completely shutting off the ?
view toward the Christian Science •?•
church. The coincidence has been +
the neighborhood talk. At the resl- ?
dence of Rev. Mr. Thompson they •?¦
say that idle rumors are responsl- +
ble for the story that the Method- ?
1st preacher has taken this means +
to completely obliterate any chance ¦?¦
of a sight of the new edifice from ?
his residence grounds. -?•
POOLSELLER ROBINETTE
FOOLED A POLICEMAN
OAKI^AXD. Sept. IS.— The fire that
placed in deadly peril Mrs. Fran
zisca Klier and her three children
In their home at 1421 Third street
last night has left the family worse than
destitute.
The brave mother who threw her babies
and jumped herself from the burning
dwelling is near to death, and the physi
cians express little hope of her recovery.
In the battle to escape from the dwelling
with the children she inhaled smoke and
flame. Her injuries may prove fatal
within the next forty-eight hours. The
three children— Ottilia. Anna and Franz
are slightly improved, but their burns are
very severe, and Ottilia's arm was badly
fractured in that plunge for life through
the flames.
The injured ones are In the humble cot
tage of the Webbers at 1417 Third street.
It is a forlorn neighborhood, but the fam-
There Are Fears
That the Griev=
ing Father May
Become Insane.
Doctors Express
Little Hope for
the' Recovery of
Brave Hrs.KHer
HEROIC MOTHER DYING
FROM EFFECT OF BURNS
Oakland Office San FVanciscO' Call.
111S Broadway. Sept. 1*.
Because, she 1? a victim of epilepsy. 12
year-old Carrie Ja< k*on may he excluded
from the public schools of Ahmoda Coun
ty. This U the decision of Chief Deputy
Dlstrict Attorney Philip It Walsh, who
has prepared n report which he will pre
sent to thft Board of Trustees of Fruti
val«* School District at its next meeting.
According to the Deputy District Attor
ney, the pr^por.ce of tho afflicted child In
th*» schoolroom prevents the Rood order
which Is essential for advantaRPoua edu
cation and discipline. The breach of dis
cipline lies in the fact that the peace and
decorum o' Carrie Jackson's fellow pupils
are disturbed every time she is stricken
with a fit and that the .stuiii^s of the class
are Interrupted. Some of the children are
thrown into a hisrhiy nervous state tn con
sequence of heinp compelled to view the
paroxysms of the Jackson child and hear
hf>r agonizing cries.
"The question at Issue." states the Dep
uty District Attorney, "is whether the
condition of the child Is such fist to war
rant her suspension from school until sh«
may recover." The following section of
the Political Code is quoted by him:
Every school, unless oth*rwl?<» provided by
law, must be op^n fnr th* «*ducation of all
children tx^tw^n 8 and 21 y«»ars» of aef r?«tdln«t
tn the district, ami th» Board of Trustees or
the City FSoard of Education have power to ad
mit aduits and children n"t residing In tha
district whenever good r«a*t->n exists therefor.
Trustees *ha,ll have power to exclude children
of nithy or vic'.-us habits nr chlMren suffering
from contastous or Infectious diseases.
In explanation of the code Deputy
Walsh pays:
•"The foregoinp is limited to some ex
tent by section K17 of the Political Cod<».
which Rivea the Tni3tees of school dis
tricts and the Boards of Education power
'to prescribe and enforce rules not incon
sistent with law or those prescribed by
the State Board of Education for their
own government and the government of
school3.' "
The decision In the Jackson case holds
with court<« of last resort that the right
to attend school is not absolute, but one.
to be enjoyed by all under reasonable con
ditions.
"I therefore advise you," conclude* the
report, "that th<» circumstances of this
case axe such that you have power tn en
force a rule suspending or excluding chil
dren like the child in question, but. l!kf»
the exercise of power in other cases, such
suspension or exclusion is Justified by th©
emergency and like the necessity which
gives rise to It ceases when the necessity
ceases."
Child's Attacks of Epilepsy Held to
Interfere With Advantageous
Instruction and Dis
cipline.
SCHOOL BOARD
CAN EXCLUDE
JACKSON GIRL
Condition Warrants
Suspension.
*
District Attorney Says Her
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway, Sept. IS.
William A. Plummer. the Alameda soci
ety man who a few days ago filed suit
against his young wife for a legal separa
tion, could not put up with his spouse's
cooking. Though the divorce complaint
alleges desertion, the primary cause of
the trouble between the coup;e was their
frequent quarrels over the viands pre
pared by Mrs. Plurr.mer's dainty hands.
Mrs. Plummer in her answer to her
husband's suit admits that she left him.
but says she was compelled to because of
their frequent quarrels over the dinner
table. In fact, the trouble began at
breakfast, increased at luncheon and cul
minated in the evening.
According to the fair defendant, every
thing fhe cooked was "hash" to Plummer.
Her husband took particular antipathy to
her "stew." II she prepared what she
considered an especially appetizing dish to
iTnpt hubby after bis day's work he
would declare it a "nasty m*^9" and ask
her who taught her how to cook. When,
She broiled a steak he stormed because
she did not have chops.
But the unklndpst cut of all was when
Plummer turned tip hia nose at the stew.
>fr«. Plummer states that she put up
with her husbnnd's frank criticisms* of
her culinary efforts until she could stand
them no longer and then went home to
he- relatives. She denies the charge of
desertion on her part and prays for a di
vorce en the ground of her hu3bard's de
sertion of her. She claims the custody of
the minor child. Phyllis J. riummer.
The couple are well known in Alameda.
Plummer is Interested In the Crystal Salt
•-Ompany. Mrs. Flummer is the daughter
of Attorney J. C\ Bates, who represents
her in the divorce case.
His Criticisms Said to Have Caused
Spouse to Leave Him—Divorce
Court Will Place the
Blame,
William A .Plummer Balked
Hard When Asked to
Eat Stew.
WIFE'S COOKING
TOO MUCH FOR
YOUNG HUSBAND
Call a Hovel Their Home
and Are Verging on
Starvation.
Sister of the Wife Petitions the Supe
rior Court for Letters of
Guardianship Over
Them.
ALAMEPA. Pert. "IS.— Worth $36,000.
. T ame« MoSherry and h's \rife. Mildred A.
BIcBnerry; an aped rouple. live in the ut
most squalor in a little hovel on Broad
v.iy. r.ear the tidal canal. They refuse to
purchase, ford tird only exist on what is
ffvon them by a s'?ter of Mrs. McSh^rry
and neighbors. The physical condition of
the old couple is pitiable, the lack of
nourishment having reduced thpm to lit
tle more than skin and bones. To save
them frojn starvation Mr?. Mary Valen
tine. Sire. McShcrry's sister, has peti
tioned the Funericr Court, through her
attorney; R. B. Tappan, to appoint a
guardian for tho persons and estates of
her brother-in-law ar<3 sister, alleging
them to bo Incapable cf properly manag
ing their own property.
Twi"-niy-fi\ e years a&o McBherry drove
a lumber wagon (n Alarneda. About five
.years since Ik? became acquainted with
Mildred A. Brown, a widow residing at
the present residence of the couple on
Broadway. She was very wealthy and
M< Sherry wooed and married her. He
pave up his job on the lumber wagon and
ras refused to work since.
The wealth of the McSherry? is invest
ed in gas stock and United States bonds.
McSherrys pa? stock is valued at JWJO.
He was for years a familiar figure about
the stock hoards in Pan Francisco. Mrs.
Mcfiherry has $34,000 represented in Gov
ernment bonds.
Attorney Tappan states in his petition
In- behalf of Mrs. Valentine that he has
been acquainted with the MoSherrys for
twenty-five years a?id hn«* been their legal
adviser a'.l that timp.
LIVE IN SQUALOR
TO HOARD THEIR
GROWING WEALTH
Wrecking Cnrwr Bepins to Pump Out
Sunken Craft and She Will
Probably Float Within*
Two Days.
Oakland Office Pan Fr»r.ci.=co Call.
1115 Broadway, Sept. IS.
After three tug* had f«Ilo<l to mov» th<?
Southern Pacific Company's freight
transfer boat Thoroughfare frr>m iior
*\ UIil S en * >os ' tt ' on t bl: 5 morning In th«»
Pcralta-«tree1 ?llp a wrTklr.u crew becan
to pump out the hig si^am.'r. whose hu'.l
••vas Oiled with wat.T. Divers eloped th«
open ports which caused the trouble and
pomps wore «=et to work. It lp fxpected
that lh« vessel will be afloat within forty
*-igni pours, ari'j then ebe can L-e lowed
cf the slip snrl ihe transfer of freiKDt
•ernes th<» ba> resumed.
The bi&rae for the disaster is laii «iS
rectly upon the crew of the steamer be
cause poru were left rpen while cars
were beii loaded ori the hup? vessel. S x
Catcare carryinir I f " Ions of coal fiaa been
it.:: a the starboard Bide, causing the
Steamer to Ms; heavily. The ports struct
trie water line, then 'the streams! poured
::±. Compelling the firemen to husne for
th»*ir lives, While pome of the crew had
to Jump quickly to ?avc themselves, the
cr.!\ nan who r.ad a very dangerous ex
perience was Joseph Watklns. a carsealer.
K*ho ku working near the bo-n- when the
tiler part at the steamer sank.
He w-- ¦ vjght between the water anl
the slippery piling ot the p:er. He Kept
» »ater bj <M:r.g-'.rip ti> the Insecure
ionti-e r.r.d Was drapged out by other
¦ .. who iear<! n:s cries in time jo
!•-'• ; Iftj with ropes.
".The 5-t^r.:. of the steamer sank deeply
Into • ! c- mud and was fast there beyond
recovery by -the tugs. As soon a« the'ac
rtder.t was reported a big crew of m«n
ar.fi t-npines was sent to the scene. The
vf.rst. work was to remove the coal cars.
i Ms done, the position of the steamer
raseo ' Eotfihewtiat."
Jhe- ; am?in< started this morning and
the railroad officials are confident the
, Tborotixfcfare irfll b* afloat shortly. Th^re
is no damage to the hull, but the bo^t
-.v : be tied up for several weeks for orer
'hauling' -If it shall be necessary to put
the Thoroughfare on to the ways mr.re
'delay* will ensue, because the yard ways
at lV«*t «»akland are now occupied by
the ferry-boat Piedmont, in courr-e <•? re
construction,
• Th<v most serious item of the accident
is th«* delay to freicnt traffic. More than
'£00 oars a day r.-ere ferried acres? the biy
¦ • e Thoroughfare and in the present
• vprcrr.w.i»-<1 condition of the Southern
Paciflc freicht department much lneon
venleace must result t<» shippers.
The railroad company must ship rcu h
freight by way or San Jose and it is
i>-ar»>d thqt a bad b'.ijckade may result
unless the \e?srl phall lie quickly removed
from the slip. The Transit is in working
order, but can do nothing until the Pe
raita-street dock is clear of the tunken
companion steamer.
Boat Carried Five Hundred
Loaded Cars Across
Daily.
THOROUGHFARE
ACCIDENT PILES
UP THE FREIGHT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 10. 1900.
C
9
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallai
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MBRZBACH. lawyer. 503 Cal.Clua!- M.
COPPERSMITH.
r W CWITH shl P Plumbing. Steamboat and
t» II* J.ill 111. Ship Work a tpecUlty. It aaj
IS Washington st. Ttleohone Main Utl.
COAL, COKB AND PI3 1ROX
J C Wfl £ Cfl ** Battery Strmt.
J. U nlLOU*! Q WV-. Telephone Mala 1*U.
GALVAMZIN3 AND METALS.
Mr*. A Dealer In Metals ."i Galvanizing. JOHN
FINN METAL WORKS. 315 Howard Bt.
FRESH AND SALT MBATS.
J A3- DU I C 5 <S CU« Clay. Tel. Main 134.
ELECTRICAL.
D. D. WAS3.
Electrical Engineer. M Ea*t St.
HARNESS DRESSING.
"PA1X> ALTO." Bast leather pr»s«rv»r on
earth. Be. Roblru-m Chem. Co.. 11SJ Howard.
METAL.
Extra llnotyp* and »tereotyp« tnetal. Factfla
Metal Works. 137-9 P'lrst st.. San Francl3eo.
HifiX£ ASU STEAM COAL, ?S^g
DIAMOND COAL. MINING CO.. at Its OREE$
RIVER COLLIERIES. Is t.h« Beat Coal Is ts-
Buukot, Offlca ana Yax^-riSJ aiata »trat.
PkI.1Tl.X3.
E.C HUGHES. mSEES.t.r.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JVDD CO..
23 First st.. San Frunrisco.
STATIONER AND PRI.NTBR.
Telegenic PARTRIDGE *" 1 *
PAINTS.
Cylinder A Lubrleatlns Oils. Schneider** Mining
Candles. C. G. CLINCH & CO.. » Front. 3. F.
OILS.
LtrBRICATIXO OIL3- LEOXARD A EI»-
LIS. 41S Front »t.. 8. F. Phone Main 1715.
POSTUM CEREAL.
"One day my wife suggested that inas-
much as I was selling so much Postum
Food Coffee there must be some merit
in it. and sujr^ested that we try it. I
tnok home a package and she prepared
it according tn directions. The result
was a very happy one. My nervousness
izrs.du2.Uy d:sa;>peared and to-day my I
nerret are al! right. I would advise i
evttjr on*.- affected in any way wit'p ner-
vousness or stomach troubles to leave j
eff coffee and use Pcstum Food Coffee." I
•
"Particularly in the morning I was so
jrritabie and upset that I could hardly
rait ur.ti! the coffee was served, and
then I had no appetite for breakfast and
<iid not feel like attending to -my store
duties. .;
He bays, regarding his own expe-
rience: "Two years ago I had been
drinking coffee and must say that I was
almoq wrecked in my nerves.
A grocer has excellent opportunity to
know the effects of special foods on" his
customers. Mr. R. A. Lytle of 557 St.
C!air street. Cleveland. Ohio, has a lon^
iin of customers that have been helped
in health by leaving off coffee and usin,{
Postum Food Coffee.
FIT THE GROCER
Wife Made the Suggestion.
on Application.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1900.
10
SAX Fit A NCI SCO CALL.
BU-iiKE-J OFFICE or The Fan Francisco
rt>:i. ccrner cr Market and Third streets, open
c::t:l 12 o'clock every r.icht tiy the year.
!!RANCH OFFICES— IT. Montgomery street,
rcmer Clay; open until 9:33 p. m.
VOt Hayes etreet; open until 3:30 p. ra.
f.'9 McAllister Ftrect: op^n until 9:3C p. m.
*•;" Lartin etreet; open until 9:30 p. ra.
ISO JflW-Oa etreet; cper. until 10 p. ra.
I'i'l Market street, ccrner Sixteenth; open
crtil ? i>. m.
Jf* Eleventh Ftreet; cp*n until 9 p. m.
:c:« Valencia Ftr»et: cprn until 5 p. ra.
Northwest ecrr.rr Twenty-eeccr.d and Ke_-
»;:rky rtr~r'r; open cn'.il 9 y. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
IIOUKT MOEIAII li^.g" No. 44. F. and fl
V XI.— Meeting THIS <\vn»NESr>AY) .-#%_
EX1NG al 7:30 o'clock. Second <!»- TK/T
gxee. THEO. FROLICH. t~e<?r. * v '
PACIFIC L™ige No. 136. F. and A- M.. »
¦ l V-iiy «-. will meet TO-DAY at Jk
2 ;-0 p m. to attrnd the fu-eral of our 5?_»?
!s:e brother. W. B. HARVEY of Inyo rfjr^
LoCffe N'>. —1. Funeral committees are ln-
GEORGE PENLINGTON. 6ecy.
rACIFIC Ty-.dge No. 136. F. and A. M.. a
i2i Bear st.. « m meet this even- __}\_
ING l:"'i o'clock. Second degree. wL_>C
CBORCE PEXLINGTON. Secy. '?'
CROCKETT Le»dge No. 129. F. and A. M. m
- : «STC* 1 THIS EVENING. Sept. 19. _fV_
7 ;¦ o'clock. K> onier of the W. M. Tv^
H. FOUTRIEPE. Secretary. I V *
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. «
51. — O'fWrs ami memrwrs _re request- AV
r.fl to att-rr.d the funeral of the late 7y3\
M.'HERT E. OOBBT from the Masonic'^* >
Temple. V,EI»NEFI>AT, Sept. IS. at 1 o'clock
t> m. M««ter Masrnj. relatives and friends
are ccrdla;!j r invited.
A. S. HUBBARD. Sec.
EXCEt-UOR I/o<ipe No. ICC,. F. end A. g,
M.. v.ill m« THIS OVEr>NESnAY)
rVfTN'ING. September 1?. at 6 o'clock. /£>?
for third <legr»">.
THEO. E. SMITH, Secretary.
MISSION Lode* N<v 169. F. and A. M.— <H
-..:ie? meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) _jPV_
KVEStSQ. at 7:30 o'clock. Third de-TJjf
GSO. P. FLACK. See. *>- r
; ¦ ¦ : ¦ UOTTXT LndKe No. 108, K. of P. ."^
Otflcere tr.d members are requested _*E_.
I r K^nd the fureral of our late^>Cs&*
-. -V-. V. B. HARVEY, from B. H. -4_S__i
Hall. 121 K.idy Ft.. TO-PAT (WEDNESDAY)
ELMER F. CLARK. C. C.
MASTER ?.!r>r!nerF' f>-ev-i]«>nt Aep'>- \-_r---_
ft:' n— Tl.e regular meeting of the !\»T
B_M~c asBodatloB will tw> held at the \V--~>'
fc_H. 5!K P;.Ft Bt.. Thursday evening.
F pt« mber 98. .tt 7 :3O o'clock. All members are
requested t" l>e present, as very important
T>!iFhi<»!:s will come before the meeting. By
order of the president.
L. TitAl'NG. Recording Secretary.
FnOTirF.RH<"X">P r.f Teamster? will h<v.<i their
refrular we-»kly rr.<»<Ming at Teutonia Hall,
How aid Ft., between Nin^h and T«>nth,
THUXtSDAY EVKNING. September P». 19C0.
JOHN McLAT'GHLIN. Secretary.
AGENTS WASTED.
O TH Io0 daily easily made by our Live Agents,
men or wnmrn. se!!inK our latest novelty,
crir.^rsJpn waterproof n?ckt!es; poods 'J3tlr»!y
r.^w arid patented: Rpents delighted: «ales un-
limited; what others do you can do; write to-
£«»•; wrjn" *-jcc!ucfve territory; guaranteed
l-^ f t f=»n* r . Ad<2re*«. Tilth rtsrr.p. »T. & M.
MANFG. CO.. I>ept. C. Springfield. M.i>«.
%V ANTED— First-class corset agrnts; excellent
prm iei:t: quick neller; pood commissions. Ad-
flWM t.rjc 49^.4. CalL
V ANTED— Traveling; salesman to rell oil stock*
in salary nnd commission: salary $40 p»r
rr^nth; we pay expenses. Address Box 2343,
f=»;i our aluminum card cases ar.d
¦ r-.r^f. clmj'ars ar.d samples free. Bunker
Prlntln* Cr >-. DepC Tl. Kar.scs City. Mo.
ACE3CTB o_ ability »n1 rxp^riTice In life !r.?ur-
srre. Call at rnom ici. P?7 Market, cor. Sixth.
v. E hacflle r<"we«t WWtltfcN for acent!". PA-
rmC AHFNTS' STTPLY CO.. S4C1 l«h st.
ASPMAI.Tl'M ROOFING.
J PELTIER, c^rhalt roofing. -tfewaXka: cellar
«•-.--¦-« :*t'i r f mired: r-o«tal. 11S6 MifwMon Tt.
ASTROLOG1'. „„„_
y:.IE. KICKEY. astro!rri«: card reading an.
r»lT-i«trv. Be: Iic-tcttwii ca«r. 1S33 Mission.
ATTOKMIVS AT LAV.".
R. VT. KING, attorney at law, SIT Market Ft.,
room C2T: estates, damages, attachments,
bankruptcy, collection?; all capes; fair fees;
no advance charges; money loaned en estates.
ADVICE free; divorce law a ep-cialty; private;
no ?»* without succfFs; collections. G. V.\
KOTVE. atty _t law. SM Market, ccr. Stockton.
ri:EE hdvlce; divorce laws. dp.rr._Kes. estates.
rr-l!ert*or.«. J. A. Mitchell. £14 Montgomery.
>O\"!CE free; ro chsrp* unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, t27 Market rt.. opp. Mason.
1. S. CLARK. Emma Spreck»!s bid*.. 927 Mar-
ket rt. : consultation J— ee; no fees In adv^ac*.
Crs-TEU. HERMAN J.. attorney. 627 Market
Ft., r. ZZ'-: open eve.. "-P: consultation free.
ISA.TII CAHI.VETS.
nOBTXBOX $3. 4-par.*l folding; door opens; flrrn
ar^ rnfe. IV. c. BROTVX. pen, ftgt.. 42S Elll*.
BOARDI\G FOR CUILUHE.V.
¦\Yll>ow -ould like 2 rhllfiren to board; near
school. Ui Shipley st.
BITSIXKSS CtULKCXSS.
A-!l?!0; SALOOK with 10 furnished rooms, close
to Dew Hall of Justice; place **stabl. many
ypars and doinc a sood business; owner eri-
jraeed otherwise cause of sale. Call K. G.
WILKE. 26'4 Keamy et.
A— SALOON with 9 furnished rooms; rent $40;
p!ace (Joinp a Rood business; in neighbor-
hood of warehouses and factories: commer-
cial lunch from 11 to 1 o'clock: a rare chance,
"•all H. G. WILKE. 2SH Kearny st.
A-J1400; FALOON; estab. many years; half a
blo< k north of Mason and Market; rent $75;
a first-class, raying place; partners can't
*pr»*e cause of cale. See H. G. WICKE. 2C 1 i
Kca my et.
A-41000; COFFEE ralocn doing: an avrrape
business of J-ili per day: rent $73: place lo-
lated near Hall of Justice, on Kearny St.,
nnd ¦will double receipts In Ehort time. Call H.
<>. WILKE, 2>, ! 2 Keamy Ft.
A-T!l f «: CORNER Grocery ani bar : choicest
tocatloa in the Mission; rent tX>: 4 living
poonr; rlace estab. year-; owner, a. widow,
wants t». retire. CaJl It. G. WILKE, I6V*
K»arny Bt.
A— 1200; SALOON with building of 7 furnished
room*; lor.g ground lease; close to T'nion Iron
j.lace «*tab. 16 years and dolnjt a flrst-
cla^s paying business; owner leaving city.
Call It. G. WILKE. 2fi'-i Kearny fct.
A— CORNER cigar Ftore on Kearny St.; clear-
ing above tV,<t i*:r month. Call It. G. WILKE,
t*€ ! s Kearny st.
A TRIP TO EITtOPE.
BAKJSBS DON'T MIPS THIS.
Jla.000 net rash in 6 years; home bakery, coffee
parlor. bQ-Jaea c*:;ter of S. F. : all counter
Trade; T2r«<1; couble your money In IS months:
linn't rail tt» pee my agents. KIUiIX> Ac DUT-
TON, 3C Geary ¦*.
finoo— URUO Ftore and doctor's practice; JCOO
monthly. KKEJX) & Dl.'TTON. C6 Geary Et.
lir/i-RIiyTAUKANT; nea.r city; mftft e-ll ac-
r "unt departure; Co r*"pul_r boarders; part
rash If desired. Mrl_iutrhlin & Co.. 777Vj Mkt.
| CO-SALOON ; Market st. ; half price this day;
rare- chance. McLaughlln & Co.. T77>4 Market.
J4.ifr— SALOON' on Market Bt. : half price. SIc-
LAIGHLIN & CO.. 777i,4 Market Bt.
A— SAY. FISHER & CO.. have you lo.Klng-
housrf? Yes. what prW? SCOO up, any loca-
tion desired; 35 rooms. J3C0: 10 rooms. HZO- 10
room*, ww, JSOO. fine; *ii rooms, bargain. J7^0:
B rooms, I2f<>0. Knap: all sizes, ail prices all
new bargains; call and see us. 10."I Market.
nsc*— Tl'OOD, coal. hay. grain and teaming
businrss; a bargain. LANH & CO.. 8C5 Mrkt.
*3T5— UELICACT and canned gcxxls. meats ajrj
provisions; clean fresh stock; plessant roomt'
tow rent. LANE & CO.. Ko Mai ket st.
VI.; have larjreit list of saloons, hotels, gro-
*-e-i*»s. cigar ptores. -tc, !n the city. Call
BCHWEIKQABO A CO.. SIT Market St.. be-
tween Fifth and Sixth; telephone Mint 1711.
IF you are looking to buy a corner grocery.
saloon, cigar stand, branch bakery or an/
• -.¦ •¦¦ f. call on ami It costs nothing to Bee
oar 1st. A. O. ffkiff & Co.. 304 Montgomery.
ATTENTION— A If-pi'imate mercantile opening
in ar,4 paying business requiring
more <-,'n>iial. can be secured by right party
with J5f>"< cr uj.w_rd: eales now exceed $1000 _
<i_y. Aidrpf* box «S67, Call office.
HOME 'bakery, well fitted up. 4 living-rooms,
furnished, will b* eold at a bargain, with or
without furniture. CaJl at 101* Valencia et.
A fine restaurant. n«-w and elegant; gwed busl-
n"58 location; central; will Etand investiga-
tion: cood masons for selling. Box 496S, Call.
FAI/K5X and ki ocei S business. 14 Heron et.
REKTAURANT, eurrounded by factories; rood
business; caasj flvca. COS ar.d C10 Seventh st.
ty*M>— OLD rash corner grocery and bar; fine
location. Particulars 30 Lily ave.
FOR sale— Kiondyke Oyster House; money
maker; cause tickn«ss. 126 Tfcjnt et., at 12 m.
OY6TEB and t a male grotto and fine bar: estab.
13 years. SE. cor. Twenty-fourth and Folsom.
IIl'SIXESS CHANCES COXTIXOED.
A PAB.TNER wanted in oyster and chophouse;
email capital ; first-class proposition: m»»t be
a cook. Apply to M. LESS & CO.. 7C5 Market.
! $275— GROCERY and bar; good location; south
of Market; n'ce llvins rooms: cheap rent>
worth $400; see it. M. LESS, 7C5 Market st.
$200— WOOD and coal yard; cheap rent: good
paying plaoe; old established; worth J500; full
investigation; rare chance. M. LESS, 765 llkt.
$1250— CORNER grocery and bar; most desirable
location In Western Addition: old estab. place;
large Ftock ; fine fixtures. LESS. 7C5 Market.
PARTIES having capital to invest in large or
email amounts ran secure a permanent Invest-
ment which w!ll pay net dividends from 15 to
40 -per cent annually; fullest investigation;
BPnd for particulars. Address Fisheries, bos
| 1111. Call office.
I i — — .^
FOR tale— $3.".O0; an old-established horseshoe-
ing business, near city; Includes chop and
tcols; averages 2t> horses daily: fln.t-cla>s
jiric*«; jreppnt owner wishes to retii-e. Ad-
dress box 4923. Call office, for particulars.
I FOR salo — Al saloon In bf-st of business quar-
ter: mercantile lunch; day business; only
I $1300; absolutely good bargain; no agents.
j MR. REMMER. 1515 Market st.. bet. 7-8, 4-5.
! A— RAKE business opportunity; an old-estab-
r.fched well-paying restaurant for sale; can
eeat 140 people; reason for selling, other busi-
ness. Apply 250A East St.. near Folsom.
WANTED— $4?.P00. in sums from $50 upward, in
| a new enterrris": lnveptment guaranteed
I usalnst lots; write for information. Address
box 3:C4, Call office.
J A NICE country hotel a short distance from
city, doing good business: must sell on ac-
count of death. Address Baden Hotel, South
i San Francisco. San Mateo County.
I YOUNG man with few hundred dollars would
! go partnership with honest party In some
I email business; references required. Box ZZoS.
I Call office. ,
j TO rent— For coal yard, milk depot, etc. ; f\ne
location; placo is entirely covered: contains 3
•tails: rent only S13; water free. Inquire WM.
HENDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call building.
| FRt.'IT Etnre. hcrse and wapors, 5 living rooms;
i good location; selling cheap on account of
I Flt-kncps. Address box 4&.'.8. Call office.
A— $1*00; CORNER grocery and bar: well estab-
lished: outside trade; fine locality: rare op-
portunity. Box 4M2, Call office.
j $TO r '0— PARTNER; big money; business trans-
action; stand thorough investigation. Call or
addrefs 10SH Fell st.
\ SXiCO— PARTNER wanted in old established
l>uf=ines<»; must have a knowledge of hard-
! ware Address box 4CS5, Call office.
j $25(iO— PARTNER; something rich; honorable
tmvinpss; Investigate. 1211 Market st^
1 V A NT K I »— rartr.er with $300 in a saloon; cen-
| ter of city. Address box 33R1, Call office.,
FINE grocery f=tore for sale; cash business;
! central location. Box 3727. Call office. ;
j FOR pale— Delicatessen store at 2012 Mission
! M.. near {?ixu*enth.
i TWO ftnres to rent; one for restaurant, with
! furniture: other for barber !=hnp. C9S Fourth.
I MOO— CORNER grocery and b»r, with 4 living
rooms. 1111 Howard st., corner Lar.gton.
FOR sale chesii: bakery baking Mi barrels:
j horse and wr.gcn: eor.d reas:i"n. Box 3339. Call.
FOR rale— ID furr.lfhcd room?; all rente!; rent
I J2J Ur. price only $150. Arply 106 Second st.
! COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
I W\ CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
[ CLASSIFIED advertisements ar<3 subscriptions
receli-pd at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
! A BRANCH of fir* for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1095 Va-
| lencla (?t. _______________
LODGIXG-HOrSES FOR SALE.
10 r.OOMS; Van Ness; corner; cheap.
13 rooms; Eddy; sacrifice,
i 27 rooms; O'Farrell; bargain.
i 36 rooms: Market; excellent chance.
' 44 rooms; Post; owner retiring.
! EHEBt & SMITH. 3 Eddy Et., cor. Market.
> room 1.
! A SPECIAL INDUCEMENT
ON KREDO & DUTTON, 36 Geary st.
1700 cash for EA rooms; new; Installments.
J."00 for 14 rooms; Geary: t~j profit.
t45O only for 14 rooms; Post; worth SaOQ.^
i R. H. WINSTON _: CO.. 1CC0 Market st.
i IS rooms: r^nt S.V1; clean house J750
46 rooms; rent tTi: Income $325 3C-C0
I 47 rooms; rent 1100; corner: clears 5175 — 1900
129 rooms; term* to suit buyer 2000
; A— "-ROOM rocmlng-house; central JlfW) 1 )
] ll-room house; $300 down, balance easy.. f>00
I >-rocra hou*»; first-class 10S0
! ll-room hous»: JJ75; 6-room flat 325
FISHER & CO.. 1C32 Market Et. _
: MARION GRIFFIN. 7J9 Market St.. room No.
i 1— Houses of all sizes and prices; please call
I for free list: money to loan.
WANT a house, 25 to 40 rooms, at a reasonable
X>:-lce for cash; no agents. Write W., box
Jf7i>. Call office.
WANTED— Tenant for new 11^-room house. A.
M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market ft.
LODGIXG-HOCSg- TO LET.
VANTEI>— Tenant for new 110-room house. A.
M. SPECK & CO.. C67 Market st
CAIlItlAGES A.\I> AVAGOXS.
ALL kinds of -.agoris, bueKles. carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EG AM & EON, 2117 Mission st
: AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping vracon, for tale cheap. 632 Mission.
NEW _.- ?<*-h»nd wagons, bucgles. carts & har-
n*f=s, work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
i BPQKGES and chamois our fpe^lalty. AMER-
i ICAN PTONGE CO.. 1j0 New Montgomery st;
I i
CAMPAIGN PHOTO BUTTONS.
: MF"T of all kinds of photo buttons and Jewelry;
¦ wholesale and retail; Fend for catalogue.
Mirialur- Portrait Co.. P33 Market tit.. S. F.
SPIRITUALISM.
I -,.„„- ,- „. . ,,*,r,
) ARRIVED— Mrs. Dr. Farnham, world -renowned
i spiritual medium: _d%ice In all affairs of life,
; 1—wsults. divorces, deaths; unlteo the sepa-
1 rated; mining a specialty; cirs. Run.,Wed.,FrL
j cv's; con\f and be convinced. (Permanently)
i r.;3 Fddy St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin; no sign.
: MRS. KOTTCll. 34 Sixth St.. circle to-day. 2 &
! 8 p. m.; lCc; sittings dally; O.. $1: L,.. 50o.
I ATTEND Mme. Marquise's convincing test cir-
i cle to-night at 8, 10c. « Hyde St.; read, dally.
I MRS. MARY EVANS has returned to 10S Sixth
( st.; circle S o'clcxvk, 10c; readings. LOc and $1.
! MRS. MAXWELL, spiritual mtg to-night ;con-
j vlnclr.g tcFt; readngs dally.S p.m.lZiS Howard.
' MRS. LESTER— Cir. Pun.. Tues., Frl. eve.,
10c; readings dally. 200 Turk it.
! GO to WATPON, nil Market, nr. 12th— Famous
I palmist & medium; lucky & true; 25c & Me.
I MATCH ETT holds circle to-night. 8 o'clock; 10c;
test to all. 13J Fourth Bt. ; sittings daily, COc.
MIIS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, te*t, busi-
ness medium, life reader; sittings |1. 1104 Mkt.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 225 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
I Meyer, sit. dally; com-inc'g tests to-night 10..-.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
' MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
j reader, bom with double veil & second sight,
I diagnose* disease -with lire reading; ladles uOc;
f cents $1; pa!m. & clalr. sit. $1 SO. 12S Turk st.
i ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, opp.
«th; private readings dally 10 a. in. to 5 p. m.
[ ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently Jc_-ated 1HS Market, opp.
j €lh; private rf-adlnp* oaily 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
; MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice
j given in ail affairs in life; satisfaction guar-
anteed; 2oc- UXh 17 Third St., next Examiner.
i MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present future, 2T>c 14S Sixth St., room 14. .
CLAIRVOYANT, trance, business medium; card
j reader. 25c up. S23 Mission Et.. nr. 4th; no sign.
| MRS. E. M. DUVALL. clairvoyant and healer,
diegncses disease!. 425 Golden Gate ave.
A GYPSY, genuine c'.alrvoyant. located 10 daja
I S42 Mission; ladies. 2Sc; gents. 60c Frawley.
j -1MI3. VALnEN.clalrvoyant.palmlst; card read-
er; real Egyptian charms. 215 Leavenworth.
MMR. RUTH, great prophetic card reader;
We. 70S Ellis St., near Larkln.
I MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, va-
I 1 . cr rt " ader . moved to u Sixth; German spoken.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy, ]« the great pafnvl
in nnd card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh: no fik~.
] UME. AtrGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 2Sc. 1149 Mission.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader
j Hittings dally. 21_'_ Sixth st. '
' MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given; 25c up. S Fourth St.
CARPET I1EATIXG AJVD CLE AXI\O.
WHEN you become disgusted with poorworS
i rend to bPAULT-SING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
tng Works. S53-_f,7 Tehama Bt.; tel. South 40.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
ill Stei-enson ft.; tcl. South 228: lowest rates.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
i rating Co.. 240 Fourteenth Bt. ; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Hteam Carpet-Beating Works, G. H.
PTEVEXS. tnzr.. SS-40 Sth tt.: tel. South Z'aO.'
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per 'yard, laid at 4-;.
STrtATTON'S. 2 Eighth st. ; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter *t.;
tel. Main S$4. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet- Beating Works. 333 Golden
J Gate ave.; telephone East 12*.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, lnsrown nails, corns, absolute cure.
• palnlers; consult'n free. Dr.Duncan.415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No cnarge un-
lees succeEgful. Room 310. 927 Market >-
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTATrCLTNicrsoTMar^
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty ; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D.. Manager.
A— DR. V. CAVALSKY has returned from
the Paris Exposition with some of the finest
patents for painless dentistry, plates, teeth
without a plate, crown and bridgp work:' all
work warranted; plates, full set. $5; fillings,
50c; crown. $? SO. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 6th.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
CROWN and bridge work experts: our work is
unexcelled and our prices are the lowest: call
and see our samples and get our prices before
going elsewhere; best of references; examina-
tion free. DRS. PERKINS & DOVEY. 1019
Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh; elevator.
TEETH extracted free: plates. $3: crowns. $3 50;
bridge work. $5; all the latest methods for.
painless dentistry; hour?. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
Modern Dental Parlors. 1206 Market, cor. G. G.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from JS per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; painless extraction,
50c. New York Dentists, S69 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
' Full Eet of teeth, $4: crowns. $3; fillings. 25g.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Mar'.tet St.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 18-tl Polk st.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Post, Flllmore—
Advice and medicine, 75c; city visits, $1 50; ail
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 63S.
DR. Creely'B C. P. mange cure and worm pills
by druggist* cr nt hospital. 510 Golden Gate av.
| DUESS.MAKEKS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
I McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery School;
private class; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring and Mil-
linery School; French system. 411 Van Ness.
ACCORDION pirating factory; all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor* Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market ft.; life
scholarship. $50; includes shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy; day and evening;
Just added, new business practice offices and
i'O new typewriters; catalogue free.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st.. S. F.—
Practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy. English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.; new SO-page catalogue free.
GALLA'iHER-MARSH Colle«re. Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallasrher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping; full course. J50; catalogue.
A NIGHT School for Men at the Y. M. C. A.
bulldlr.g. Ma?on and Ellis sts.: registration,
Sept. 10-24; studies elementary and advanced;
great opportunity for young men to gain a
pra<-t!c_l business education.
A— THE LYCEUM, nn accredited preparatory
tchool for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. BAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market St.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial: private lessons; 8
mot. in college not equal to 8 wks. with me;
$15. TARR. expert, accnt., 429 Parrott bid*.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, arsay. cyanide, arch.: day. eve.; est. 1S64.
VAN DER XAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
} CARLOS N. KELLER, tenor soloist; voice cul-
! ture and piano; Italian method. 321 G. G. ave.
; CALIFORNIA Business College is again en-
. larglng quarters. Come see us. 305 Larkln St.
' MUNSON School Shorthand. Typing, Bookkeep-
ing. Spanish. 137 Monfy. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
GOOD piano teacher would like a few more
pupils; lessons 25 cents. £R0 O'Farrell st. •
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory In
LelpBic; lemons 75e. 320 Golden Gate a\'e.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.. day or eve.; to mo. J024 Mission, nr. 6th.
LE JEL'NE Art and Craft School; modeling,
decijrrMnr. carvine. nil branches. 424 Pine st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds heip.
421 Post st., near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE Housecleanins Co. — Waiters, cooks.,
dishwashers. Est. 1S30. 1026 Oak; tel. Page547.
UNION Japanese-Chine«e emp. office— Best help
furn.: domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEI'M Employment Office — Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE- and Chinee Employment Office;
best help furn.: tel. John 2121. S06V4 Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411»4 O'Farrell st.: tel. East 42«i.
EMI'LOYMKXT WAXTKD — FEMALE.
! RESPECTABLE- elderly woman wishes sltua-
I tlon to do light housework or take care of
sick; good mother to children; no postals.
?41A Howard Bt.
DRESSMAKER, thoroughly competent; perfect
fitting; latest styles: costumes remodeled;
$1 2." per day In families. Address MODISTE,
box 4374. Call office.
j COMPETENT nurse desires engagements; con-
| flnements or acute cases. Address care 1096
Valencia St.. branch.
WANTED — "Work by the day washing. Ironing
and housecleanlng; $1 per day and car fare.
721 Folsom st.
YOUNG v/oman wishes washing or houseclean-
lnu hy the day; $1 23. Call or address 139V4
Clam St.
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like situation
in small boarding house or to do kitchen
work. 1721 Market st.
AN experienced nurse wishes the entire charge
of an Infant; best references. 1531 Pine st.
A YOUNG German girl wishes a situation;
general housework; a good cook. 420 Third.
YOUNG German, good bookkeeper and ac-
countant, also correspondent In English,
Hpanlsh and German; been threa years in
MpxIco; has host references; wishes a posi-
tion In this capacity. Address box 33S0. Call.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
Ket: 200 rooms; 2Jc to $1 E0 night, $1 60 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore it.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at IOCS Va-
lencla tt. .
EMPLOYMEXT WAXTED — -MALE.
A GENTEEL, elderly man wishes employment;
office, store or factory; make himself gener-
ally useful; fair penman; reliable In any busl-
,ness; salary no object; references first-class.
Box 4S66. Call.
A POSITION as grocery salesman in retail
grocery' store; has had several years' experi-
ence and lately from large grocery house:
can furnish best of references. Box 4370, Call.
RELIABLE man (Germank desires position In
wholesale house or drive delivery wagon; best
city references; sixteen years last place of
employment. Address A. E., box 3729, Call.
WANTED — As coachman by a man who thor-
oughly understands his business; can drive
four; light weight; age 35. Apply box 4964,
Call office.
A YOUNG man wishes position as clerk, book-
keeper or co— respondent; ¦ Bpeaks and writes
Spanish fluently and can furnish A No. 1 ref-
erences. Box 4S61 t Call.
YOUNG man, good shaper, band saw hand;
can take charge of work as foreman: good
draughtsman and designer. Address box
2022. Call office, Oakland.
YOUNG physician. Eastern graduate, desires
salaried position; willing to travel. Address
box 43C2, Call.
EXPERIENCED first-class gardener. 33 years'
practice, seeks position in hotel, private place
or big orchard. Address A. W., 431 Pine at.
YOUNG man 18 years wishes position as gro-
cery clerk: experienced; references furnished.
Call at 416 Minna St.
YOUNG man wants a position as bartender or
any thing In grocery store; flrst-claes refer-
ence. Box 4975. Call office.
RELIABLE man wants position as coachman
or man about* place; can milk and do gen-
eral work; good references. Address box 4357,
Call ofPce. ¦.¦-,¦
PAINTER and decorator, first-class, wishea
steady cr long Job in Institution or hotel; 6
years of. first-class hotel references; reason-
able. L., box 352-0, Call office.
BY German gardener with good references; Is
willing to take care of . cow. Address box
4&6, Call office.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
TOUNGoTrmlnrglwdbookkeeper anfTaccount-
ant, also correspondent- in English, Spanish
and German; been three years In Mexico: has
best references: wishes a position in this ca-
paclty. Address box 23S0, Call office.
YOUNG man discharged from the navy wishes
to become a farmer or drive milk wagon; mod-
erate wages. Box S377. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class German
gardener; can take care of horses and car-
riage. Address Gardener, box 3361. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes place to learn barber
trade; wages no object while learning. Box
4921, Call office. '
LUMBER and freight measurer wants position:
15 years' experience in Eastern steamship
lines; can take full charge shipping office
work. Address box 3720, Call otnee.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st
EXCHANGE.
TWO houses in Los Angeles— Exchange for San
Francisco property or sell for cash, install-
ments or first mortgage. Box 4978. Call office.
EXPERT OPTICIANS^
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
justed. N. Manass<\ oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FIXANCIAL,.
IK you have stocks or bonds of any kind for
sale, call or address PACIFIC COAST UIs-
DEKWRITINO CO.. &<M Parrctt building.
FLATS TO LE'I\
100 FLATS. HOUSES AND COTTAGES.
907 Eddy, n. f.. 8 r.$65i510 Jones, r. f., 5 r.$lo
1239 Leavw'th.f.6r$37 50|221 Austin, f.. 4 r....$14
1207 Dev'd'ro. f. 6 r.$25| 319M O'Far'll. f. 4 r.$10
1C94 Page, n. f., 4 r.$20'4_2 2Cth. c. 5 r $11
Flats wanted— A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Mkt.
A— 8-ROOM fiat; corner; sunny: 2 bay windows;
all modern improvem'ts; 1st floor. 41~V. Third.
ELEGANT sunny top flat; 6 rooms, bath; near
City Hall. 151 Grove st.
SCO FRANKLIN st. cor. Fell— NIre clean sunny
flp.t, 4 rooms and bath; modern improvements.
HAYES, 1311— Elegantly furnished flat. 5 rooms
and bath; $30; call after 7 o'clock p. m.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN &HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
LILY, 133. near Octavia— Sunny upper flat; 5
fine rooms, yard and basement.
UPPER sunny flat, 6 rooms and bath; large
yard. Apply 2S06 Howard st. ¦
6 SUNNY rooms:. bath: yard: cellar: rent rea-
sonabl*. 1419 Bush st.. near Van Ness ave.
FVn VI TJUJt EFHm^SALJEj
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $4S 50. with No. 7
ranee.- King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
KUIlXITUItE W.iATED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, ctc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 76U
ALWAYS 'phone John 1041 before selling your
furniture- Standard Furn. Co.. 745 Mission.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Larkln;tel.Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot ca«h.
$5000 worth of furniture, carpets, etc., wanted.
M. Silvenstcln. 1121 Market; tel. Folsom 1105.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
HELP WASTED- FE3IALB.
C. R. HANS EX & CO Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
4 waitresses, south, $25, free fare; 10 wait-
resses, different commercial hotels. $20 and
$25, many of them fare paid; 3 waitresses^
city, $20; 4 chambermaids to wait. $20; 2
chambermaids, $15 and $17 60; woman cook,
$30, city; fancy lroner, $35 and found, tare
paid; fancy ironer. $45; 3 lunch waitresses,
$3 CO week, no Sunday work.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
3 places .for mothers and daughters, good
wages; 5 places for flrst-clasa cooks, $30, city
and country: houseglrl, Courtland, $25, fare
paid; 5 choice places for second girls, $25
and $20; nurse, $20; housegirls,' second girls,
nurseglrls. city and country. C. II. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary Bt.
2 FIRST-CLASS housegirls to go south for
families, near together. $25 and $30. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 101 Geary st.
A GERMAN cook, city, $40; a cook, Oakland,
$30; 6 German cooks, $35, $30 and $25; cook,
San Rafael, $30; cook, American family, $30;
French cook, hotel, country, $40; housework,
Oakland, $25: nakersfield. $25: Los Banos. $25;
Mill Valley, $25; Alvarado. $10; Courtland, $_»; .
Rio Vista, $20; San Rafaol, $20, 2 in family;
San Mateo. $25. and other towns; 20 housf-
wortt girls, city, ?20 and $25; 10 young girls
to assist. $10 to $15; housework. Bleep home.
$20; waitress, Benlcla, $20. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
A WOMAN with a girl, city, $25; a woman with
a child, country, $20, fare paid. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Suttfcr st.
WANTED— 3 hotel cooks, $35 and $40; 10 second
girls, $20, $25. city and country; cook, no
wash, $35; second cock, $35, no wash; cook
$25. second girl $20. same place; laundress,
$30, country; 4 chambermaids and laundresses,
$30: 4 parlortrmlds and waitresses, $25; In-
valid's nurse, $20; nur?e, 1 child, $20; 5 ironers,
$30 and found, city and country; 4 waitresses i
lor coffee parlor and confectionery, $35 and
found: 12 waitresses. $20. hotel; 8 restaurant
waitresses, $7 and $5 a week. J. F. CRO-
SETT, 316 Sutter Et.
WANTED — Women and girls to work on toma-
toes, canning and preparing; highest wages
paid; steady work; prizes for quick work.
Apply Immediately to U. S. FRUIT PACK-
ING CO.. Harrison ave., between Seventh and
Eighth sts.. off Folsom.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Oough and Grove sts.
GIRLS to rivet overalls, also sewing machine
operators, at Levl Strauss & Co.'s factory.
82^ Fremont st.: no experience necessary;
good wag-s. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— German or Swedish girl for general
housework and cooking; small washing; fam-
ily three adults; wages $20. Call 10 to 12, at
1940 Eddy st.
GIRL for llcht housework; small wages and
good home. Call after 10 a. m. at B Fourth
St.. near Market. s
WANTED— A woman who Is bright and dresses
neatly to travel for wholesale house. Box
.4972. Call office.
GIRL to do light housework and assist with
child; wages moderate. Call before 9 a. m.,
27G Fell St.. near Octavia.
GIRL between 14 and 17 years to learn book-
binding. R. I. WHELAN & CO., 42-44
__Stcuart Ft.
EXPERIENCED girl to take care of child and
do light housework; two In family; wages $10.
_T.20 Mission st.
WANTED— Young girl to assist in housework
and cooking; wages $12. 2200 Flllmore St..
borner Pine.
WANTED— German girl; general housework;
wages $20. Apply 411 Van Ness ave., bet.
10 and 12. -^
A— TRIMMER, maker and apprentices In milli-
nery store at 692 McAllleter Bt. -¦
A FINISHER wanted on ladies' tailoring-; good
pay. M. FEDER, 211 Post st.
GIRL with some experience on vests. 622 Clay
Et.. room 16 A.
GIRL to assist m housework; good girl, about
17 years. 405 Sixth et.
YOUNG girl to assist in housework. 37S Fell
street.
YOUNG girl to assist in housework at 117 Bart-
lett St.; wages $15.
NEAT reliable girl for general housework;
small family. 1422 O'Farrell St.
ELDERLY woman to assist with housework.
IMG Geary st,
TALENTED amateur performers wanted. Ap-
ply at Chutes at 6 p. m.
NEAT young girl to assist. Apply after 9
a., m,. 1421 Post st.
WANTED— Finishers on pants; good wages and
steady work. 34C Sixth st.
WANTED- Girls to shell walnuts. 123 Clay
St., between 8 and 10, upstairs.
IRONERS wanted. Modern Laundry Co., 3S5
Eighth st.
WANTED— Experienced or Inexperienced Iron-
era at Eureka Laundry. 20 Colllngwood st.
WANTED— A restaurant waitress; $7 a week.
7 Taylor st. ¦ ; . -¦¦.¦¦-.. ¦'
BY widower, reliable woman ; general house-
work and care of children. Apply 3323 22d.
GIRL to RRsist In light housework; wages $3
to $10. 058 Capp st.
WANTED— Girl to do general housework: $20
a month; G In family. Apply 120 Broderick.
WOMAN cook for small restaurant. 103 Hayes
street.
GIRL 13 to 16 at 106 Hayes Bt. '
WANTED— A good experienced waitress; none
other need apply. 20 Third st,
GIRLS wanted at United States Laundry. . Slx-
toenth fct., near Valencia,
HELP WAXTED-FEMALE.
IRONERS wanted at United States Laundry,
Sixteenth St., near Valencia.
YOUNG woman, light housekeeping; $10 month;
small place. Call after 4 p. m. at 710 Lombard.
WANTED— Girl for housework; no cooking:
must Bleep home. Apply between 9 and 1,
1232 Geary, st. . ¦ •
EXPERIENCED operators on electric power
sewing machines on shirts at GREENK-
BAUM, WEIL & MICHELS. 531 Mission st.
WAITRESS and seamstress by the day or to
room: best references required. Address box
:725. Call office.
GIRL make beds and wait at table, $18; good
Job. Observatory. Telegraph Hill.
LADY In office; splendid chance for free edu-
cation In bus. training school. 2007 Flllmore.
YOUNG girl, 16. to assist housework and help
mind baby: sleep home. Ill Chattanooga Bt.
A GIRL wanted for general housework; must
understand cooking; wages }30. 1257 Octavia.
GJRI*S wanted at Comstock Dance Hall, 618
Pacific St.. corner Montgomery ave.
PANTS finisher wanted at 5V4 Kearny St., room
18,
GIRL or woman for light housework, $15. 2427
Sutter St., near Broderick.
GIRL for general housework, 3320 Twenty-
second St., near Valencia.
GIRL to assist In general housework. Apply
at 925 Geary et.
APPRENTICES on coats, pants and vests,
paid while learning. 541 Market st.
OPERATORS on Rhlrt waists. E. STEIN-
HART. 230 Sutter Bt.
GIRLS with experience. Book bindery, £36
Clay st.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom St.. between 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10SS
Valencia Ft. . ,
II ELI* WAXTED MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
SCO men for new railroad work
330 teamsters. State of Nevada $2 a day
f.O laborers, S. P. Co. work. Surf $2 a day
E0 laborers, Truckee $1 90 a day
50 tunnelmen for big tunnel, Chatsworth Park,
IjOs Aneeles Co $2 to $2 50 a day
Fee $1 Ship dally Free fare,
Experienced man to take charge of a steam
shovel, $100 and found, steady work for one
year, see party here this morning.
30 laborers for S. P. Co.'s own work, Santa
Barbara County, $2 a day, board $4 50 a week;
free fare.
Gardener and florist, country. .$40 and found;
coachman, good references. $30; 6 laborers,
near city, $2 25 a day. fare $1; 10 laborers for
fawmill and woods, $23 and board; 6 men to
break horses to saddle, $45 and board; col-
ored mah about place. $25; stablemen, farm-
ers, mllfcers, woodchoppers and others.
.HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cook, institution, country, $55; broiler, coun-
try hotel. $50; broiler, restaurant, $65; cook,
restaurant, near city, $12 a week; second cook.
W. baker. $45. and waiter. $30, for sawmill
camp; 10 hotel and restaurant waiters, $25
to $40; 6 dishwashers, $25 to $30; laundryman,
country hotel, $35; colored head waiter; col-
ored waiter, country, $35. C. H. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st. ,
A— BLACKSMITH for railroad camp, $50 and
found, free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st. "
COOK and wife, country hotel, $73; restaurant
cooks, $10 and $12; short-order cook and
broiler, $60; waiters and kitchen help of all
kinds. J. F. CROSETT Agency, 628 Sacra-
mento st. •
ERRAND boy, $3 week; 4 carpenters, $3 to
$3 50 day; 4 men and wives for hotels, ranches
and- private places. $35 and $50; milker. $30;
farmer. $25: 6 more laborers for mine. $2 to
$2 40 day; 10 laborers for mill yard, $28 and
board; laborers for railroad work, free fare;
edger man; planer men; driver for milk
wagon, $35; English groom and others. J. F.
CROSETT Agency, 623 Sacramento st.
A— WANTED
Machine driller for quarry, $2 50 a day and in-
crease; 4 teamsters, near city, 10 hours day,
leng Job. $26 and board; laundryman for Gov-
ernment boat. $30 and found: 10 laborers for
woods and yard, $30 and board, fare advanced:
4 swampers, $30 and fare; 4 laborers for rntne,
$1 75 a day; man about place, country, $20;
dairyman. $25; ranch cook. $30; woodchop-
pers, $3 a cord. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610
Clay st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
STICKER, matcher and planer hands wanted
In San Francisco manufacturing establish-
ment; steady employment all year round to
suitable men; wages $3 to $3 60 per day. Box
43C9, Call office.
BUSHELMAN wanted — Apply between 9 and
11 a. m. to CHARLES/-TOXS, London
Tailor, 721 Market st.
WANTED— Amateur banjoict, who can sing.
Apply to E. FOLEY, bet. 12 and 2 p. m.. 771
Market et.
WANTED— Reliable man to drive milk wagon,
J'iO per month and increase; must have $20
Becurlty. 220O Point Lobos ave.
WANTED-Boy living In Western Addition to
drive a butcher cart. Apply at J. FRANK'S,
Fourth ave. and Clement st.
WANTED— Two men for collecting and solicit-
ing; Germsn speaking preferred: good chance.
E. C. LITTLE, room 6, 405 Montgomery st.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter st.
ELDERLY man to do chores around bakery.
1133 Folsom st.
BRIGHT man: collect; 8 to 9, 4 to 6. M. I*
RYAN, 405 Montgomery St., room 6.
YOUNG man wanted for Jewelry store; state
age and reference. Box 4973, Call office.
TALENTED amateur performers wanted. Ap-
ply at Chutes at 6 p. m.
GOOD shoemaker for repairing at PHILA-
DELPHIA SHOE CO.. 10 Third St.
WANTED— A young German grocery clerk; no
others need apply. 140 Fifth st.
WANTED— A young man to learn the restau-
rant business. 135 Powell Et.
BUSHELMAN or presscr at the California
Clothing Renovatory- 116 Geary Bt.
OPERATORS on ladies' underwear to take
work home. 723 Market st.. room 35.
MILK wagon driver; Scandinavian preferred.
Call 145 Noe st.
BOY (16) to learn architecture; talent for
sketching and drawing. 125 Kearny, office 44.
BOY wanted. Drugstore, Sixth and Mission
streets.
DISHWASHER wanted. Jefferson Hotel,
Harbor View. !
YOUNG man to wash dishes and help In
kitchen. 25S First Bt.
WANTED— A good barber. Corner Thirtieth
Et. and San Jose ave.
YOUNG man to drive meat wagon. People's
Market, 22?9 Market et., cor. Noe.
HELPER wanted in candy factory. ROB-
ERTS'. 1201 Polk gt.
BARBER wanted for evenings. Saturday and
Sunday. Call at once, 511 Castro st.
WANTED— A third hand in bakery. 1823 Polk
stieet.
WAOTED — Boy who has had some experience
¦ at blacksmith trade. 1S00 Folsom st.
2 DISHWASHERS. 212 O'FarreH st.
"WANTED— Jobbing carpenter. 1009 Post St.,
at 8 a. m. : bring tools.
GOOD barber wanted; steady Job. 902 Larkln
street.
WANTED-Good barber; steady. 30S3 Twenty-
fourth St., near Folsom.
WAITER wanted— Must carry trays and do
porter work. 37 Eddy st.
BARBER wanted; steady. 623 Clay Bt.
GOOD nl_ht dishwasher wanted. 134 Third st.
WAITER wanted at I/OW'S Restaurant, EC5
Sixth st. - : ---^.
WANTED— First cook, $12 per week. Capitol
Restaurant, 20G McAllister st.
BOY wnnted to wait at table; must have ex-
perience. 369 Hayes st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st,, bet. 1st and 2d sis.
MARKERS and distributors wanted at United
States Laundry, Sixteenth st., near Valencia.
YOUNG man to drive delivery wagon and work
in store. 837 Mission st.
WANTED— Young butcher to cut meat and
drive wagon. 518 Eleventh St., Oakland.
BOY. $4 per week; also dishwasher. 212 O'Far-
rell at. ¦ ¦
FOR sale— 2-chair barber shop. Address box
497C. Call office. J .
TAILORS — Coatmakers wanted for the country;
coats $7 and up. Apply to STEIN, SIMON
& CO.. Market and Second ats., S. F.
MAN wanted to work in coal yard; " steady
work. Call northeast corner Seventeenth and
Church sts., Stelllns's Coal Yard.
YOUNG butcter for shop and wagon. . 1S23
Point Lobes ave.
BARBEjft. wanted. 2S14 Sixteenth St., near Fol-
som.
HELP WANTED MALE:.
A— MURRAY & READY... .PHONE MAIN 5S4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
......WANT 7 A. II. TO-DAY
FREE. .WE. . SHIP. . .EVERYBODY. . .FRED
To All Parts of California, Utah, Mevada.
NUMBER. WANTED AT WAGES.
154— Nevada, Truckee, Lake View..J4l and fd
16— Los Angeles. Santa Barbara J2 day
24 — Reddlnj?. Shasta. Fresno $1 90 day
¦-US — Surf, Soda Springs, Salt Lake J2 day
6 1— DIxon. Elmira and Bakerstield...$l 70 day
1(3— For 19 different divisions... $2 day
FREE FARE OFFICE FEE ONLY JL •
' MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
CLASSES OF HELP
A— NUMBER. WANTED. WAGES.
33 — Laborers to help carpenters, you'll
suit J40 and found,
S — Carpenters for vineyards
6— Blacksmiths for sawmills, shop, etc.
• •• $30 to »J
7 — Sash and door makers, plumbers and
tinner, shingle Jointers, crosscut saw-
yers $2 SO to $3 day
65— Men to pile lumber, yards, etc Jr;o
'18— Laborers to work at mines $42 and fd
12— Miners, single-hand work $30 and fd
82— Farm, orchard, vineyard hands.. $26 and fd
18— Milkers and butter-makers $30 and fd
6— Farmers and wives, furnace man
i $40 and found
12— Teamsters, road work $32 and fd
15— Men to ride horses $»5 and fd
1>— Stablemen, city and country.. $3j and fd
1»— Choremen and boys, come see.. $25 and fd
150— Men for Humboldt County. ...$2S and fd
129 — Scraper teamsters, all parts... $33 and fd
19 — Drillers, bricksetters, etc $2 50 day
1S3— Laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, some in clty..$l 75 to $2 50 day
4— Boatmen, beef, luggers, stone masons,
$3 day
19— Tailors, firemen, men for wine cellars,
bakers' and coal wagons, ctc
$2 to $2 50 day
297— Jobs not advertised, come see.... $2 50 day
FRUIT AND GRAPE PICKING
191— Men or boys to pick fruit, work In
packing-houses, etc., you'll suit
$33 and found
SAWMILLS, WOODS. ETC.
94— Laborers to work In woods, mills
yards, wharves. 15 different Jobs, free
$30 to $40 and found
2— Ironmoldera $3 50 day
MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
A— HOTEL BAKERY BUTCHERi
LAUNDRY DEPARTMENT
Second cock, mines, $40 and found, fare paid
28 cooks $50. $«!>. $40, $30 and found
19 waiters... %S:>. $."!¦}, $23, $20 and found
32 dishwashers $30, $23. $20. $15 and found
12 bakers' assistants — $40, J3.>, $30 and found
12 le.undrymen $10. $35, $30, $25 and found
Candymakers; porter help for Institution
6 butchers $33. $30 and $50
MURRAY & READY, C34-C36 Clay st.
A— FOR a Government position, an experienced
stenographer and typewriter. MURRAY &
READY. 634-6S6 Clay St.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 25c
to SOc. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the agea
of 21 and 25 years; not less than 5 feet 4
inches and not over 6 feet 1 inch in height;
must be citizens of the United States cr per-
sons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak Er.elish properly. For further in-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
fice. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal.. 630 K St..
Sacramento, Cal.. or 1033 J st.. Fresno. Cal.
YOUNG man, between IS and 21 year3 of age;
must be of good address: competent sten-
Njgrapher and have general knowledge of
office work; high school graduate preferred.
Address, giving references. Box 33S3, •Call.
AN lntelllcent boy for apprentice salesman in
a large tinware and stove Ktore; must write
a good hand; German or French preferred;
low wages to commence with: chance for ad-
vancement. Box 4050. Call office.
GOOD waiters for restaurant. 7S9 Mission st.
WANTED — Good barber; steady Job. Apply
725 Fourth St.. San Rafael., Tel. Red 15.
WANTED— Steady man to take Interest in
commission business: $150 required. .Me—
LAUOHLIN & CO.. 777H Market «t.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; positions guaranteed; special
Inducements: catalogue and map of city free.
Moler's Barber ColleKe. 635 Clay St.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 130 larg*
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
BARBERS— 2-chalr shoo for sale; cwner has
other business; cheap. 3142 Twenty-fourth.
YOUNG man wanted to work short time daily
in exchange for bookkeeping or shorthand
course. S. F. BUSINESS Col.. 1236 Market.
WANTED— Mission boy to drive for butcher.
Call at Mission Dolores Market, Seventeenth
St.. near Dolores.
"WANTED — A washer for plain work. Apply
Mercantile- Towel Co., 251 Jessie, nr. Fourth.
LUNCH waiter wanted. 212 Brannan st.
"WANTED— Short order cook: $10 -week. FISCH-
ER'S Bakery. 866 Washington St.. Oakland.
WANTED— Good reliable man for position of
trust: good wages: steady Job; security re-
quired. Box 3734. Call
FOR sale — A 3-chair barber shop, on account of
going East. 14 Turk st.
JEWELERS. 32S Bush St., third flr>or. room 4.
BOYS with experience nt underpresflng on
pants and ve«ts. 541 Market st.
WANTED — A man that understands florist and
nursery business. CCO Hatght st.
WANTED — 100 men to take rooms. 10c. 15c and
20c. Boston House, 930 Howard st.
NEW goods; quick sales: salary or commis-
sion: city or country. THE J. DEWING CO..
Flood building.
BOYS wanted. San Francisco and Pacific Glass
Works. Seventh and Townsend sts.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands:
a.U parts of world. HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart.
LABORERS and drillers wanted at 627 Fcur-
teenth St.. near Guerrero.
MEN and women to learn barber trade. S. F.
Barber Colle.e. 741A Howard st.
PENSIONS-GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. 15
years' practice; Examiner buildlnir.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. "5c night; reading-room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 22C0 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st.
HOItSCS, LIVK STOCK. Ctc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wazons. buggies,
carts, harness. GnnJ Arcade Hone Market.
827 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN Sr DOYLE. Auetl.-neers.
70 HEAD draft, carriage and saddle horses: also
. pneumatic nnd nibtwr-tired buor^les: cheap.
Occident*! ITnr«» >»*Fhans-e. 721 Howard »t.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let; send for clr- I
cular. Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TO LET— House of 4 rooms and bath. 23Q:i
Polk st.
IIYPAOTIS1I.
HYPNOTISM— A complete course of instruction
and diploma for $5; free demonstrations every
Thursday evening. California College of Hyp-
notlsm. 1019 Market. Office hours 3 to 5 daily.
LOST AXD FOKVD,
STOLEN-lS-foot Whitehall boat.
2 pairs oars and sail. Property of ROBERT
OIBSON, Third-st. wharf.
LOST — English pug; name Leddy. Return to
605 Turk St.: reward.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of MICHAEL COLLINS. Xo. 133-312.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— On ferry-boat Oakland. 1:30 p. m., Sep-
tember 16, master license, sailing vessels, be-
longing to CHARLES OKE. Finder will
please return to 6 Howard St.. S. K.
LOST— Black cocker spaniel puppy bitch. 2012
Hyde st;; suitable reward.
LOST— Gold breastpin with three pearls: on
Market st. Leave at Call office. - -
~ MASSAGED
EMILY SEGSWORTH.'assistant to Dr. A. BL !
Wlllcox, scientific masseuse, room 40, St. '
Ann's building: hours. 9 a. m. to 12:30.
MEDICAL. ~
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 1228 Market St.— RelT
able ladles' and gents' specialists: C2 years'
practice; have treated thousands of cases suc-
cessfully; a positive cure guaranteed at office;
ladles treated can return home the same day
try the celebrated HINDO HERB treatment
for home cure; any one can use It by direc-
tions; perfectly harmless; home for confine-
ment. Send five 2-cent stamps for circular.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, the world-renowne<r-
ladles' specialist: safe and reliable: has prac-
ticed In San FrancNco for years; treated thou-
sands of cases successfully; treatment can Us
" used at .home; consultation free. After alt
others fail call on him. 1C23H Market st.
DRS.GOODWIN. well known ladies' specialists.
have returned from Europe: safe and reliable;
- cure $5; have treated thousands of cases with
success; 15 years' practice in S. F.; maternity
home; low fees. 1007% Market st..- near* Sixth.
A— NEW process; every woman her own physi-
cian; no medicine cr pills used: practical phy-
sician 37 yrs. DR. POPPER, 313 Kearny st.
MEDICAL.
NG TOT KEE. Chinese doctcr: enres consum>
ticn. cancer, catarrh, etc.. all diseases treat-
ed; send for testimonials: advice free. Sani-
tn rium 704 Sracram^nt') st.. corner 1-ca.rny.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialists: K yrs.'
practice; home in confinement: treatment it
office. 13; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fitlentlal. 942 Pest st..-het. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. CR. KOHL, th» well-known and reliable
ladles" specialist: guaranteed treatment at of-
flce. So; positive cure. 446 Eddy, nr. L«vnwrt/i
MRS. M. ALLEX. 1035 Market— Ladles' specla»-
ist; home In conttn'raent; safe and reliable;
consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENEK- Private- botno
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate ave.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all d!s-
ea«es of the human b-idy. 115 Mason st. ¦
MI.SCEl,U>K»rS FOK SALE.
BOILERS, enelnes. ;d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMA.V. 133-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
22 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can »hlp everything In 24 hours. J.
NOON'AX. 1017. 1013. 10C1. 1023 Mission St..
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
A— $3 50 DERBT and Fedora hats, $1 'a. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
FIXK suit, lift; dress pants. $2 TJ. MISFIT
CLOTHIXQ PARLORS. 427 Montgomery st.
FOK sale— Property of the Live Oak Consoli-
dated Gold Mining Co.. situated in Neva-to
County. 13 miles north of Auburn; 2 patented
claims; 8-stamp quartz mill; ditch and holst-
lns works complete. For further particulars
Inaulre of A. MEISTER. 914 Ninth «t., Sac-
ramento. Cal.
FOR SALE.
The submerged four-masted «teel ship. Ande-
lara. lying in Tacoma harbor, also scows,
lighter*, shears, diving gear, engines. cab!«
and other wrecking appliances. Address all
communications toC I* PARKER, Secretary.
rooms 40-41. Haller block. Seattle. Wash.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear St.
TOn *ale— Cheap, a 53 electric lt*ht bath caM-
r.et. or will rent. E. F. HENZEL. corner
Point Lobos and Fifth aves.
TOR sale — Cheap, a new 53 Majestic ranjre,
with steam table, heater and cooker. E. F.
HEXZEL. cor. Point Lobos and Fifth ares.
STEEL TANKS, all sizes: suitable for water op
oil: cheats; all shapes; second hand. H. S.
WHITE. 518 Mission st.
A— 100 HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, 2 drill
air compressor. JARDINE3. 23) Fremont st.
FIXE bred fresh Jersey cow and calf. Inquir*
at Nucleus Stable. 190 Stevenson st.
SECOXD-HAXD billiard or pool table: larg»
size. Box 4371. Call office.
SAFE?— New and »«eond hand. THE HER-
MANX SAFE CO., 417-4.3 Sacramento- st.
PORTABLE ensln^s. boilers; Iron and wor"l
planers, lathes; 2d hand. J. Burke. 133 Beale.
MAGIC lanterns, new and Id hand; movlnse
pictures. DULLARD & BP.ECK. Ill Post st.
FULL line cameras and photo supplies: selling
cheap. XT. A. HAHTTER, 513 ETamlner bids.
WILL rent full dress Tuxedra or Prince Albert
suits for $2 ZO. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stktn.
10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st.
2D-HAXD photographic and maple lantern out-
fits bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modem engines an*l
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
SAFES— Xew and second hand: all sizes. TUB
WALTZ SAFE. 1TO-111 Market St.. San Fran.
MISCKLL.A7(EOIS WANTS.
WAXTED— Swallow-tail coat in good ordrr;
size 33 to 39. Address box 1SJ3. Call office.
WAXTEI)— Folding kodak. 5x7, for plates: giv«
price and description. Box W77, Call office.
DEXTIST— Second-hand engine. chair and
bracket wanted. Address box 32S2. Call.
AN 11-lnch swing lathe In good condition: 3G-
Inch bed. ALEX. HEINS. 131 Main st.
LADIES' and gents' cast-ofj clothing bought &
sold. Sllverman. 3S4 Fol3om; tel. Folsom 10— i
KLEIN still pays be«t prl«v» for clnthlrg. brif-
a-brac and books. VJD Sixth st. ; te!. Jessie 141.
IF you wish full valu»for your ca.»t-o(T clothlr.<
fall on Tt. COTIEN'. 1ST Third: tel. niaok *\Zl.
M05E f tO LO.U.
AA — BEST rates and easiest term*.
Second mortgages
Interests In estates
UrdivtdPd interests in real estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market.
ANT amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and Jd mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before do'.n? business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANT proposition, any amount: S per cent: rtrst.
second mortgages, estates In probate, Interess
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life insurance. Room 16, first floor.
Chronicle bldg. HALLO RAN & OLSEN
H1OHLT respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low.
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848 Market
gt: tel. Main 1«4. Branch 13 Third st.
ON furniture and pianos without removal; qutclc
service; money direct: lowest lataf I. Rooms
6S ar.d 63, Donohoe building. ;i70 Market st.
A— JCC'i.OOO ON city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages: notes ar.d col-
laterals. J. BEOWXSTONE, 11 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamond*,
watches, jewelry. VT. J. HESTHAL, It) Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
AT 12C Kearny St.. room 9. respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds: In— rest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 095.
JCCO.COO AT 6 per cent in sums to suit in city:
also $150,000 on large ranches; also on second
mortgages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
planes: no removal: low rates; confidential.
EON'ELLI. 301 Jones st.. corner Eddy.
WHY ray rent? We loan money to bulla with;
small monthly payments. Home Building
Company, 2*2 San«cme st., room 2.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
ON furniture and pianos: no removal: con— -
dential; on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st.
TO salaried people without security; all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
ON furniture, planes: 3 per cent per month; no
commission. Mrs. W!lson. rm. 101. ( Eddy st.
CA. C H loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MOP.RELL. fiO3 Examiner building.
mission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister St.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
dors»r. 8. F. Discount Aeency. 143 Phelan Msr.
Mt'SICAL lXSTRlJIEATS.
by1Ton~mai:zY"ba rgain~li_tT
203 1'ost gt. __,
Stodart, square l-»
French uprlffht 6-»
Kallett & Davis 10O
Stelnway. fairly good 17*
Majestic, nearly new 2f0
Chickerlng. large slie 2M
Richmond, targe size 254
Decker, cabinet rr-n_ 2TS
Pj-ron Mauiy. nearly new 373
Sohmer. slightly used 475
Call and toe th» latest bargains in pianos
on the Pacific Coast. No trouble to show
gooda.
A HALLETT Jk DAVIS, rosewood case J3O CO
Edwards & Son. rosewood case 73 00
Arion. rosewood case 95 00
Hallet & Davis 133 M
Weber, finest condition 175 00
Manner & Sons .............175 C>
Kinzsbury. cak ............130 <>O
Standard. u«ed a few months 2S3 00
Easy payments. ehe»t music and everything
in the music line. Chlckerinj. Vose. Sterling
agency. BENJ. CURTAZ it SON. lS-U-ij
O'Farrell st.
A RELIABLE piano can b« boiicht only frora
a reliable house. The ZENO MAUVAIS MU-
SIC CO. is such a house. Their address is
7C9 Market St.
DON'T fall to see the beautiful Decker _c Son
baby grands Just received, at MAUVAIS', 763
Market st. They are the be^t ever shown in
the city.
¦fCO matter what you want In the line of mu-
sical poods, you ran always do best at MAL'-
VAIS'. 763 Market St.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERM w
CLAY & CO.'S have the privilege ofVx-
changlnK- for a STEINtVAY any time within
three years and full purchase price allowed -
the best makers of every grade to select from :
-•{uitlful new uprights {5 ash. |S per month-'
*ome good pianos for J3. J; and $.' per mnth.'
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. STEINVVAY
DEALERS, corner Kearr.y and Sutter ata
San Francisco; corner Broadway and Tfclr*
teenth sts.. Oakland. inlr
AT a discount to m».» • ¦ „ 1P nfw , ocat!on ;
we will give 1C \m , • ,7 on pianos- »om«
second-hand ba- .*-¦ ; n>tp« frights r-~*
I Stelnways. $1 .1 ;. CV.-'.i'xlr.K Jl6i- i \Ia'
son & Hamlln. $0. .-.-,• Jo othe? b__iau£-
" Paris ">• near CUy
ABSOLUTELY t .a~ >•*.""«?.- larcest hnt-w
west of Chicago M KOUUc^' „ CIUSE'q '1
» «" d . S » O'fa^U it ; ptirS. orglS and
all other music U usitrumenri of all grades
• nd prices: terns nw; »>»!ct<» lowest- »-.-v-
thins possible d:r S -.o C :.-. s _ and 7Zm& tL
customer.James and Mary A. Tunstead to Francesco
Rossi and Giovanni Fossa, lot on E lino of
Franklin' street, 69:9 S of Francisco, S 68:9 by
E 124:3; $10.
James T. Boyd to K. M. Van Norden. lot on
N line of Lombard street, 191:6 E of Buchanan,
K 2S:6 by N 137:6: $10.
Orvllle'D. and Nellie E. Baldwin to Benjamin
S. and Susie E. Wilkina, lot on S line of Clay
street, 112:6,E of Maple, E 25 by 8 127:8V4; $10.
George Hr and Ann Blucher to Henry J.
Muller, lot on W line of Folsom street, 1S5 S
of Fourteenth, S 25 by W 122:6; $l«00.
Charles E. and Kmma L. Ehmann to "Wil
liam J. Horstmann, lot on E line of Guerrero
street. 63 S of Camp, 8 25 by E 110:3; $10.
Excelsior Loan, Association to Henrietta
Granz (wife of Louis), lot on S line of Twenty
third street, 75 E of Hampshire, J3 25 by S 95;
J1500.
Louis Granz to same, same; gift.
Henry Smith to Otto F. von Rheln, lot on N
line of Twenty-fourth street, 147:4"i E of Fol
som. E 0:lVi by N 100; $10.
Georee W. Armbruster to Jason B. Wright,
lot on TV line of Fair Oaku street. 160 N of
Twenty-sixth, N 25 by W 125; $3050.
John Hagerty to Ellen Lynch, lot commen
cing 260 N of Seventeenth and 127 E of Doug
lass streets, E 25, N 114:3, NW 29:4, S 122.5U:
gift
John McCann to Sage Watson, lot on E line
of Douglass street, 105 N of Nineteenth, N 25
by E 125; ?10. „ ,
Daniel and Clara Meyer to James Rennle,
lot on SW corner of Sacramento and Drumm
streets. W 70 by S 43:10: $10.
E. A. Selfrldge to Minnie L. Selfridse, undi
vided tenth of lot on N corner of Howard and
Spear streets, NE 45:10, NW 137:6, NE 91;S,
SW 77:6. SE 45:10. SW 60, SE 182:4; gift.
Thomas and Mary A. Simpson to Morris
Frops lot on SW line of Harriet street, 200 SE
of Howard, SE 25 by SW 73: $10.
Herman Werner to Elizabeth Werner, lot on
NW line of Kldrldge street, 100 SW of Chesley,
SW 20 by NW SO; pift. ,
James P. and Llazle J. Heenan to Annie J.
McCarty. lot on SW line of Lanston street, 208
NW of Bryant, NW 25 by SW 80; $10.
Insrebor and Carl J. Jorgensen to Cornelius
Anderson, lot on N corner of Ninth avenuo
anrl G street, NW 75 by NE 100, block 160,
South San Francisco Homestead: 810.
Oscar Hcyman to Maurice Hallin, lot on NW
corner of Harvard end Felton streets, N 100
by \V 120 lot 4, block 141, University Extension;
$10.
John T. Co* to Henry A. Butlers, lot on W
line of Ford street. 100 N of* Shields. N "'ICO
by W 100. lots 45 to 48, block 10, City Land
Association; $10.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Last "Wednesday night San Francisco
Lodge of the Journeymen Butchers, P.
and B. A., gave a smoker in their hall in
the Pythian Castle, which was attended
by a large number of the friends of the
members of the organization. A first-class
entertainment was provided and all en-
Joyed the many numbers presented as a
close of the semi-centennial celebration
inaugurated by the Native Sons. The
committee, of which R. C. Kelly was the
chairman and M. R. Japer secretary, has
reason to congratulate itself on the suc
cess of the smoker. The committee hand
ed out plenty of good smoking material
and served a collation and refreshments.
The Journeymen Butchers.
B P Fletcher, 8 Pedro
T Thompson. Honolulu
E S Gongales. f Stkn
Mrs Gongales, Stkn
J Trlscona, Stockton
W B McMillan, Sacto
H O'Neill, St Louis
P Hammel, S Diego.
M Denman, Boston
J A Parker, Para
J W Walter, faacto
R H Rhinee, Sacto
W L Robertson. Merced
J Paton. Chicago
Mrs Paton, Chicago
L Vest, Lakepcrt
Mrs Vest, Lakeport
I" W Gray, Sacto
W Moore. St Louis
Mrs Moore, St Louis
J B Graham, Ohio
B Arnold, National C
O R Miles, s. Boston
K Hazel rtgge, L .Vng
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
PALACE HOTEL.
G H Howell, Boston CF Bingman. Pa
Mrs Howell, Bcston A H Kraft, Mexico
II Abraham, NY J J O'Conner, "N Y
J F Lawless, Seattle A M Gall, Jackson
J G Woodworth, Seatle Mrs Gall. Jackson
H C Clark, Seattle : Dr E Wislocki. S Jose
D Waterman, Cal M Schwedllsky, N Y
W H Morgan, Ohio R Francis, Los Ang
Mrs Morgan, Ohio Mrs Francis, Los Ang
Capt Thurston, U S AID Malone, Cal
W S Mabny, S AntonioiW D Conner, USA
W'S Shemwell, Colo J II Moss, San Jose
8 Goldsmith, Pa ' Mrs Moss. Pan Jcsa
A J Klnlay, Manila P Hersey, San Jose
E Beck, Mexico P A Godwin. Tenn
Mrs Beck, Mexico
GRAND HOTEL.
R B Butler, Fresno
Miss M Rigney. Seattle
Mrs Pringle, Wash .
Mrs E Howland, Seattl
Miss A Church, Seattle
Mrs A Bliss, Pasadena
Miss 8 Burke, N Y
W C Hayes, Nome
P R Vibert, N W T
E Sinclair, Eureka
W Gillespie, Nanaimo
Mrs J C GIHesple & m,
Nanaimo
F E Dodge & w, Denvr
H B Hastings, Portlnd
II Abbott, Anderson
B N Apple. Cal
J M Jones. Kansas
W R Clarke. Kansas
M McWhlrter. Cal
A Mayer, Germany
R G Bryant, Oakland
J F Brown, Sacto
J D Smith. Danville
D Murphy, Spokane
J E Thompson. Cal
D W Tllford, Wichita
M Kelly, Ferndale
h D Bendixon. Eureka
A C Jewett. Ft Bragg
K R Chapman, Tacoma
W A Platner, Ls Ang
G A Stantcn. N T
R Luscom^e. La Gatos
P R Watts, Sacto ¦ ¦
F C Shute£. Sacto
C N Gaurard, Arizona
H Sheldon.i Little Rock
J A Rawson, 111
J Flanagan, Mendocln
R J milieu. San Jose
J W Forgens, w & ch,
Santa Cruz
Mrs E Schaefer, Denvr
Miss E Schaefer, Denvr
H R Green, Los Ang
M P Morsran & w. Cal
A Vale, Hamburg
E W James, Sacto
R W Graham, Bakrsfld
Dr L E Cross, Stocktn
Tl XV Skinner. Marysvl
E 8 Van Meter, Cal
J Reardon, Los Ang
H B Schultz, Portland
Miss L H Fox, Cal
F It. Murray, Clevelnd
J El Stftbbs. Chicago
E M Stubba. Chicago
L J Evans. Napa
B Reid. Angels Camp
G Wild. Angels Camp
J H Tuttle & w. Cal
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
The different organizations of retail
clerks are working to educate the public
to the idea "that afternoon trade Is best
for all," and to accomplish this they have
secured the co-operation of the labor
unions of this city, backed up by the Na
tional Federation of - Labor.
The preliminary work was done by E.
Rosenberg, secretary of the San Fran
cisco Labor Council, who addressed his
audience and made plain the benefits to
be had through organization. He was fol
lowed by J. K. Jones, member of the Re
tall Shoe Clerks Association and delegato
from that organization to the Lcbor
Council, who pointed out in a masterly
manner the opportunities within the grasp
of the clerks provided they organized. J.
C. Carter, president of the shoe clerks
organization, told at length of the de
cided improvement in the conditions sur
rounding the shoe clerks since their or
ganization "two weeks before July 1L"
The call 'for signatures and payment of
assessments brought every man In the
hall to the secretary's desk. The enthu
siasm and desire for progress through or
ganization as shown by those present
should ultimately lead to a successful end-
Ing of the campaign for shorter hours.
The San Francisco Labor Council Issued
a call to the retail clerks of this city to
meet at 102 O'Farrell street last night
which met with an enthusiastic response.
Temporary organization was entered Into,
with a membership of seventy-live, rep
resenting the various departments of the
largest stores.
Their Object Is to Persuade the Pub
lic That to Buy In the Afternoon
Is Best for All Con-
Retail Clerks Form a New
and Most Enthusiastic
Organization.
FIRST STEP ON
THE WAY TOWARD
SHORTER HOURS
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1900.
11
tyv\c/\vov «fc co..
FUNERAL..DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS,
I" 1239 Market st.. between 8th and 9th.
-. . . , Telephone ' South 247.
§l Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
a^&?. EAiajflr * T - Established
A In 1SS4 tor the treatment of Private
sg Diseases, Lost Alan hood Debility or
Si 11 "?. 011 bodyandmlnaand
m Skin Disease* Y |-he doctorcureswnen
m others falL Try him. Charge* low
J<nrr«snainnrpr1. Callorwrita
Or. J, *•. tilBBVX, Box 1037,San Fruc£c£
* Steamer "Monticello.** • ",i
MON.. Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Eat. at 9:45
a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. nl«ht): Fri-
days, 1 p. ,m: and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m.,- 8
p.m. Landing: and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508. • "
FARE ...Me
BAY AND HI VEB, STEAMERS.
FOB U.S. HAVY YARD AND VAUEM.
MABRrlED.
BERN'HEIM— MILLER— In this city, Septem-
ber 11- 1900, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, Moses
M. Bemhetm and Belle Miller.
BRAMSON— MARKWITZ— In this city. Sep-
tember 9, 1900. by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Louis
Bramson and Carrie Markwitz, both of San
Francisco.
BRCCK— WILZINSKI— In this city, August 12,
1W30, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nteto, Leo Bruck and
Frances Wllzlnskl.
*>AILET— ABRAMS— In this city, by the Rev.
R. W. Reynolds. Charles O. Dalley of San
Francisco and Emma J. Abrams of „ Santa
. Clara. Cal.
HARTMAN— SOLOMON— In this city, Septem-
9 a.m. train is the Overland Express. Carre*
spending train arrives at 6 p. ra. dally.
4:10 p. m. is Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives 11:05 a. m. daily.
8:00 p. rn. is Fresno and Bakersfleld Express,
with Sleeping Cars for both cities. Correapcad-
tns train arrives it ! t n. daily.
OFFICES— 441 Market st. and In Ferry Depot,
Eaa Francisco; 1113 Broadway* Oakland.
Lv«. San Francisco. 9:00 a m 4:10 p rn J:0Opm
Ait. Stockton . ...... 12:30 p m 7:15 p m 11:03 p ra
" Merced ........ 2:42 p m — — — IMS a m
" Fresno ........ 4:20 pm 2:05 am
" Visalla ........ 6:00 pm 4:50 am
" Tulaxe 8:22 p m 5:10 a m
•* Hanford 5:33 p m 7:W a m
" Bakersneld ... 8:50 pm 7:30 a. m
•* Denver 10:00 a m ¦
" Kansas City... 6:15 p m
". Chicago 7:40am
SAUSALITO FERRY.
MOUNT TAWALPAIS RAJLWAY.
Leave San Francisco via Sansallto Ferrs^
"WEEK DATS 9:30 a. m., 1:43 and 5:15 p. rn.
SUNDAYS... 8, 3. 10. 11 a. m.. 1:30 and 2:30 p. m.
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return $1 40
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN'
TICKET OFFICES 621 MARKET ST.. '
RAILROAD TBAV1X.
Santa Fe
Trains—Daily
Leave Market-stftat Ferry Depot.
BORN.
BOWMAN-In this city, September 17, 1900, to
the wife of. Thomas Bowman, a son.
BRESSE— In this city, September 18, 1800, to
the wife of O. L. Bresse, a daughter.
HAYES— In this city, September 14, 1900, to the
-wife of Joseph P. Hayes, a daughter.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must b« handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
Bons authorized to have the same published.
•larirt and Australia "Wed.. "Oct. S, 8 p. rn.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts., 643 Market St
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. F relaht Office. 327 Market St
OCEAJfIC S.S. CO.-HOKOtTTMT, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY. •
S. a AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only).....
Wednesday. Sept 19. 2 p. ra.
S. S. MOANA (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
0
0OMPAQSIE GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQUS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. * m^**
Sailing every Thursday. Instend of <J5JaS>
Faturdv. from November 2. 1S99. at •¦>*«?*?*%
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street. LA LORRAINE. Sept. 20; LA
CHAMPAGNE. Pept. 27: LA TOTXRAtNE. Oct.
4- L'AQIHTAJNE. Oct. 11. First class to
Havre, $S3 60 and upward. Second class to
Havre. 155 and upward: 5 per cent reduction
on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
I'N'tTED STATES and CANADA. 32 Broadway
(Hudson building. New Tork. J. F. FUGAZI
& CO., Pacific Coast A&ents. S Montgomery
avenue. San Trandsco. . •
The following; marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Robert B. Phillips', 21, S49 San Carlos avenue,
and Isabel Lyman, 21, 748 Capp street.
Edward Palmer. 24, Berkeley, and Minnie
Carlberr. 22, city.
William "T. Kldd, 24, Vacavllle, and Ida
Foutzr 19, Vacavllle.
Dennis Lucey, 30, 145 Natoma street, and
Nora O. Connell. 23. 10S Jessie street.
GeorKe E. Scheldt. 27, 1739 Buchanan street,
and Ernestine V. Schmltt.24. 1739 Buchanan st.
August A. Johnson, 29, 102 Natoma street, and
Lena Caseen, 34. 102 Natoma street.
Elbrldce J. Bailey. 35, 116 Lexington avenue,
and Mary Murpliy. 27. 221 Church street.
Edward Hoppe, 32. 317 Jessie, street, and Mar-
guerite I. Martin, 20, Stockton.
Benjamin Turner. 50, 315H Green street, and
Bertha Guenther. 35, 317 Green street.
John Bogan, 29. 310 Tehama street, and Mary
C Miller, 25; 822 McAllister street.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
During 32 years of constant
selling of
uurtains,
To every class of California's
best people, we have yet to
learn of a single instance where
satisfactory service was not
rendered; where our goods
were not as represented; where
our qualities were not the best.
You are always welcome to
our new store — glad to have •
you come.
215-217 Sutter St., Above Kearny.
*^z£tfZlh±rjf
ADVERTISEMENTS.
From New T|rk Every Wednesday. 13 noon.
Noordland ....J.Sept. 26! Westernland Oct. 17
Frlesland- ....."..Oct. 3l Kensington Oct. 24
Southwark ......Oct. 10j Noordland Oct. 31
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
• 30 Montjomery Street.
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwern.
,Stopninc at Cherbourg 1 , westbotind.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
Et. Paul Sept, JffSt. Paul..... Oct. 17
St. Louis Oct. 3 St. Louis .'.Oct. 24
New York Oct. 101 New York Oct. 31
rEW T3WK. SCTJT^Arf-TO?? tOrDOS. HBH
AMERICAN LINE.
tions.
1:15 p. ra. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Caradfro and way its-
tlorw.
12:45 p. m. Sundays-- Point Reyes and war sta-
tions. / •
' Via Sausallto Farry.
Commencing April 22, 1300.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLBT
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7;0O. •8:30. 9:30. 11:00 a, m.;
UM5, *1:45. »:15. 4:15. »5:15. 6:15. «:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:C0 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDATS-7:00. »8:00. «»:C0. »10:00. U:00, U:W
a. m.: 12:45. »l:30. 2:20. *3:*5. 5:00. •:00, T:2»
p. m.
11:00 a, m. does not run to San Rafael Son-
days.
Trains marked (•) run to San Queatin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6.SS. *«:30, 7:5flL 8:40. •10:15 a.
m.: UrSO. 1:15. 1:15. »S:SO. 4:30. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at *(:45 and 10:20 p. m.
8UNDAYS-«:13. n:00. »9:S0. »U:00 a, m.; *13:»
m.: 1:00. 2:15 •3:30, 4:80, *3:45. 6:45. 7:30, 10:20
p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from Sen Quentln.
FllOM MILL VA1.LET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEX DAYS-€:53. «:45, 8:00. 3:65, 10:50 a.
».; 1J:J5. 1:45. 1:45. 8:30. 4:50. 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS cn Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:J3. 8:05. 10:03. 11:10 a, m.; 12:15,
1:20 2:30. J:45, 4:55, 6:15. 7:C5, r>:30 P» m,
TIIROUOH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and. way sta-
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
PROPOSALS Invited— Bids for providing and
Installing a sewage pumping plant for the
Folsom Frl?on, practically conforming to spec-
ifications now.on file with the State Board of
Prison Directors and State Board of Exam-
iners, will be received by said respective
boards at the office of the Board of Exam-
iners In the State CaDltol, Sacramento. Cal..
until 2 o'clock p. m. of October 6, 1S00, at
whtch time they will tie publicly opened. The
• right to reject any or all bids Is reserved.
Copies of specifications may be obtained from
the cleric of the board at Folsom prison.
Each bfd must be accompanied by a certi-
fied check for J2000 drawn on some bank of
good Etandliig. to the order of R. M. Fitzger-
ald, president State Board of Prison Direc-
tors, which check shall be forfeited to ths
State If the bid which accomcanles such
check is accepted and the party making th»
bid refuses to enter into a contract and exe-
cute a sood and sufficient bond, payable to
the Stete of California. In an amount to b»
fixed by the State Board of Prison Directors,
for the faithful performance of the contract
awarded. By order *>f the State Board - of
Prison Directors.
BRAINARD F. SMITH. Clsrk of the Board.
rnorosALs.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Weat
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruna: at Lytton for IVmon Spring*: at
Goyservllle for Elcaggs Springs: at Cloverd&l*
for the Heysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Bprlnjr*. Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carls-,
bad Springs, Soda Pay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: at Uklah for VW-hy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. TFIttsr
Springs. T'pper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside, Herler**, Bttckaalt'a.
Sanhedrln Heights. Kullvtlle, Orr*« Hot
Springs. Mendoelno City, Fort Bragr. West-
port. L'sal. Willlts. LaytonvUle. Cnmtnlns,
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer, Scott*
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trto tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundiy round trip tickets to all polst»
beyond Ean Rafael fit half rates.
Ticket office*. «30 Market st.. Chronicle bids.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RIAN.
.' General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 83,(twenty-
five cents per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar
Plantation Company,, will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market at, on and
after Thursday. September 20. 1900. Transfer
bocks will close on Thursday. September 13,
1900. at S o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary
Via Honolulu
Round-trip -tickets nt reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner or First.
"W. H. AVERT. General Asent.
Saturday. September 22. liW)
SS. AMEHICA MARIT. .Wednesday. Oct. 17, 1910
SS. HONGKONO MA *UT .... Tues. . Nov. 13. 1500
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILTj LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan street, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe CHlogo). Nagasaki and Shanchal. and
connecting at Hcnrkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
»f sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU
GOODALL. PERKIXS Jk CO..
Superintendents.
r«nr $12 First Class including Berth
r.MnC $8 Second Class end Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA ealls
; Sept. 20. 30
COLUMBIA sails Sept. 15. 25. Oct. 5
Short line to WaJla "Walla. Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General A*ent.
From Soear-street TCharf at 11 A. M.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
THE 0, R. & N, nn,
DIVIDEND Notice-Dividend No. 13 (twenty-
five cents per share) of the Kllauea Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market St., on
and after ThuVsday. September 20, 1300.
Transfer books closed Tuesday, September
IS, 1900, at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 103 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company, will be payable at the office of the
company. 327 Market Et.. on and after Mon-
day October 1. 1S00. Transfer books close
on Tuesday. September 25. 1900. at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIOB\D NOTICES.
TO LEASE.
TO let — Fine rooms suitable for light manufac-
turing purposes. Apply at 511 J-ansome et. '
NEW typewriters. $5 down. $5 month payments.
PEVALK. 40S California Bt. I
GREAT BARGAIN'S IN TYPEWRITERS— W«
sell better machines for less money than -any
hous« in the city; rentals, S3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California, telephone Main 266.
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L,. & M. ALEXAN-
DER. 110 Montgomery st.
TYPEWRITERS A.\D SUI'PLIKS.
STORAGE AJVD WAREHOUSES.
WILSON* BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
PACIFIC Stoiag-e and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore St. : phone Jackson 2S1.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charier, PlambeclC. 1915 Mission. nr.l5th.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired, needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. 145 6th: phone Mint 45.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
TJCMtF-T OFFICE — 4 New Montgomery
street (Palare Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKIXS & CO.. Oen. Agents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
For Ensenada, Mairdalena Bay, San Jos« del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guayraas (Mexico) — 10 a. m., 7th of each
month. 4
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
every fourth day thereafter.
For Pan Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford fSan Luis Obl"«r»o>. Pnnta Barbara, Port
Los Ansreles and Redondo (Los Angeles) — H
a. m., September 14. 18, 32. 26, 30, Oct. 4. and
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon. Cayu-
eon. Port Harford <San Luis Obispo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedri.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport — 9
a. m.. September 12. 16. 20, 24, 28, Oct. 2. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay — 3 p. m.. Sep-
tember 15. 20. 25, 80, Oct. 5. and every fifth
day thereafter.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ Steamers leave Broadway
>v ¦wharf, San Francisco:
IK&S-^ For A ' af<kan Ports— 11 a.
fsSsgSh. m., September 13. 19, 23. 2?.
!>^*n^S$!Sk Oct- 3- Crianse to company's
twf^^i steamers at Seattle.
R*w55^J?V3 For Victoria. Vancouver
»Ca^V^?K?ll I (B - c -1- Port Townsend, Se
C ~~***$j&!B3s!& attle. Tacoma. Everett. Ana-
cortea and New Whatcom
(Wash.). 11 a- m.. September
13. 18. 23, 2S, Oct. S, and every fifth day
thereafter. Change at Seattle to -this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. R'yt at
Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. R'y; at Vancouver
to C. P. R'y.
Tiboron Perry, Foot of Market St
SAX FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WfTtiK DATS— 1 JO. »r00. 11:M a. S3.; 12:35.
1:30. 3:10, i-M p. m. Tlmr»<Say*— Extra, trip
at 11:13 n. m. BatunUyi— Extra trt»» at i:a»
' and U:30 d. m.
Eimr>AY3-6;00. 1:21. 11:00 a. m.| 1:50, IM,
4:00. |-.:o D. rn.
SAN 1UTAEL TO SAI* FRANCISCO.
"WEEK DATS— 6:10, T:SO. »:20. 11:10 a. m.; 13:43.
• Ml, S:13 p. ra. Saturday*— Extra trips at
1:99 and «:SS p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:ia. 1:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:49, J:W,
1:65, t:2S p. m.
Between 8a.n Stuxslaeo and Schuetzen Park
¦ame acb«dul« n» above.
RAILWAY COMPANY.
SAN FRAHC1SCQ AND NORTH PACIFIC
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTS RY. CO.
A for Morning P for Afternoon.
'Daily. t Sunday axeeptcd. J Sunday cn!i.
b Saturday only.
a Situriaj and Sunday.. • Jfondar only.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
Dairinc lowest rates; open even. 205 4th st.
BAD tenants ejected for St: collections ma^e;
city or country'. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
41." Montgomery »t.. rooms 9-10: tel. C5*!\
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened. $1 up
ralntlrg donf. Hartman Paint Co., 319 Third
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
ODD FELLOWS' Cemetery Association — The
annual meeting of the lot owners of the Odd
Fellows' Cemetery will be held on Monday.
September 14, 1900, at 2 p. m., at the office
of th» association. Point Lobos ave., for the
Board of Trustees.
GEORGE T. BOHEN, Prw.
GEORGE PENLIXGTOX, Sec.
Monterey and PacMe Oro»e tlOt^Ht
t*i«*r flan Joh and Way Htatlona *7i3»r
f<itl3r San Joaeaud Principal Way Stations •»:«.*>*
t3:OOrSan Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Waj 8U«ods t9:O«»
¦3:30r San Jots aud Principal Waj Stations t*:33*
•S:aop San Jose and Way Stations t«*:Oi» A
Ml:4»f San Joaeand Way Station* •1:3»r
Tres Pitioi. Santa Cruz, Salinas.
Palo Alto. 8«nta Clara, 8*i» .lone,
I.iiis Oliisnn, Hurf, Lorapoc and
l'rluolpal Way Stations Milwr
•IO:1O» Saa .li>»« and Way Stations •«:».•»»
¦ll:li>« M«ii.loi,,,Lc«nato»*r.,l\V»»M»«Uon» «3t3Or
i'iftir 8an Mateo, lledwoo<l, Meato Park,
Pacific (irtno. I'uo Unities. >San
(«:!<»» Ocea;i View, Sourii Sm l*l»l>«li<~ t«=:ioi-
t~:O0A Ban Jnn« »ml Way Stations (Neir
Alinaileu \V«>1>ieiidar*oii!j) *li30r
{7:'JtO* Sunday Excursion for Han Jose,
Santa Crnz. P»cino drove and
Principal Way Station! t9:33p
*»>0O* Man Jnas. Trr» Ptniw, Hkii»» Cruz.
WANTETO— By elderly couple, room and board,
$50; private family preferred. Box 4965, Call.
REFINED working cirl would like room and
board: $15. Address B. LANDING. 427 Sutter.
ROOMS AND BOARD WASTED.
BOARD and rooms at 415 First St., near Har-
rison. .
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIX rUHOlSCO— F»tt ef JJiri.t Strut iSiu <) —
•7:15 9:00 11.00*. M. tM3 *2-Zl 13:33
•4:C3 J5:53 *J:53f.«.
fromOllUSa— *«»t •r8fi«.]««T.— -«.00 8:00 10:00*. M.
tl2:03 "1:03 12:33 ; 3:C3 tttn -3:03r.n.
COlsr IMT1MO1 illroa.-l<an>fe).
(Third and Townna.nl Sl».)
MCALLISTER, HO}?— Board and room; reason-
able.
GUERRERO, 114— Newly nicely - furn. sunny
rooms, with board; very desirable; reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 605 (Johnson House)— Large ele-
gant sunny rooms, with board, suitable for
three or four In family. Including private bath
and dresslnff room; must be seen to be ap-
preciated; reasonable; references.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
COAST IU VISION (Narrow tUnge).
t Fnot ot M»rket Street.!
{7:43a SanU Crux EicursioiY for 8»aU
Cruz and Principal Way Stations lti«3r
•S:l5ANewark.C'enter»i!lc.Sa»i.loi!«,rclt<in,
Boulder Creek. Sauta Cruz and Way
Statimia *«iSAr
tail .1r Newark OentervlhV, Han Jose, New
AlmaaeD, Fallen. Ituulder Creelc,
Santa Cruz aad Frincip&l Wa*
.Stations •l*i.?»«
¦4:ISr Newark. San .lose, Imm Gatoa »»«.•>•*
c « » I S r Glen wood. Felton. Hanta> Cnm «»:.¦»»*
WANTED— 1 or 2 unfurnished rooms: south of
Market, east of Twelfth. 497 Ninth st.
ROOM wanted by young lady, privilege of cook-
Ing; $7 per month; central. Box 4983, Call.
ROOMS WASTED.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore Bt.
THIRD. 87— Nice, clean, furnished rooms to let;
Jl 25 and $1 £0 week.
TAYLOR. S10— Large sunny front room, »15;
another. J12; handsome suite, $50; all newiy
furnished; private.
TAYLOR. 318— Elegant sunny suite, suitable
for 2 gentlemen; rent reasonable; also single.
SIXTH, 136 — Furnished sunny rooms; single or
suite.-?; also rooms for light housekeeping.
SIXTH. 242— Nice sunny rooms, en suite or sin-
gle; rent reasonable.
(CT'P'riends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from B'nal B'rith
Hall, 121 Eddy street, under the auspices of
Pacific Lodge No. 136, F. and A. M. Inter-
ment Masonic Cemetery.
HITCHCOCK— In San Jose, September 17, 1900,
William B. Hitchcock, a native of New York,
aged 67 years 4 months and 12 days.
JONES— In Los Angeles, Bessie, beloved wife
of W. S. Jones, and daughter of Mrs. and the
lato Mr. Baxter of Berkeley, a native of Hay-
wards. Cal.. aged 24 year*.
KKKSLER- In the City and County Hospital,
September 18, 1900, Frederick Kessler, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 4S years.
KORTICK-In this city, September 18, 1900.
Sarah, beloved wife of Frank Kortick. and
mother of Thomas, Frank and John Kortick.
Mrs. D. A. Curtln and Sister Aujrustine, the
"late Mrs. J. Harrington and the late Mrs. S.
McDonald,, a native of Ireland, aged 67 years.
[CFrlonds and acquaintances arc respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral . to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 53 Chenery street, thence to St. Paul's
Church, Twenty-ninth and Church Btreets,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commencing
. at 9 o'clock., Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. \ - ¦: -
KRATZ— In this city, September 18. 1300. John
Kratz, a native of Germany.
KREFT— In this city, September 17, 1900, "Wil-
liam Anton Kreft, dearly beloved son of John
W. and Ffanzlska Kreft. and beloved brother
of Fanny and the late Catharina Kreft. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 1 year 3 months
and 19 days.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents. 136 First street, between
Mission anil Howard, thence to St. Boniface's
Church, Golden Gate avenue, rVar Jones
street, for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by carriage.
LAGB-In this city, September IS. 1900, Henry,
beloved husband of Laura I^nge. and father of
Henry, Arthur. Henrietta, Georgle, Alma and
Willie Lapre. Mrs. J. W. Bruckner and Mrs.
W. J. Seihorn, a native of Hamburg, Ger-
many, agred 64 years and 7 months.
tCTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
LAPIDGE— In this city." September 18, 1900, Cap-
tain William Fredrick, beloved husband of
Mary A. Lapldire, and late commander of Pa-
cific Mall Steamship Company, a native of
England, aged 7S years 1 month and 5 days.
C^Remalns at the mortuary chapel of the
x Golden Gate Undertaking Company. 2425 Mis-
sion street, near Twenty-first. Notice of fu-
neral hereafter. .
NORRIE— In this city. September 17, 1900, Sadie.
beloved wife of Alexander Norrie, mother of
Merv.'n, Isabel and Elizabeth Norrie, and sls-
I ter of Miss Maria .Kenney and Mrs. M. Allen.
a native of Vallejo. Cal., aged 40 years. (So-
. noma. Cal., papers please copy.)
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from her. late resi-
dence, HB De Boom street, off Second, be-
tween Bryant and Brannan. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery., . \,,,
O'CONNOR— In San Rafael. Thomas O'Connor,
HfcNRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Succpssor to Flannsgan. &' Gallagher).
. DANIEL P. ' DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
r 'f. 20 Fifth Bt;. opposite Lincoln School.
j . :. Telephone South : 80. .
ET" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, northeast corner of Harrison and Beale
, streets. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by
electric funeral car.
HACKENBERG-In the City and County Hos-
pital, September 18, 1900. Ewald Hackenberg,
a native of Germany, aged 54 years.
HARVEY— In this city, September 16, 1300, Wil-
liam B. Harvey.
(T^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2657 Folsom street, thence to St. Peter's
Cliurch, where ei requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
DUGGAN — An anniversary requiem mass will
be said this f (Wednesday) morning at St.
Mary's Cathedral at 8 o'clock, forthe repose
of the soul of Mrs. Theresa Dujrgan.
EMERSON— In. thla. city, September 16, 1900,
John Thomas Emerson, a native of England,
aced 77 years.
FLAGLOR— In this city. September IS, 1900,
Frank, beloved and only child of Frank A.
and Etta Flaglor, a native of San Francisco.
FLEMER— In this city, September 17, 1900, Lou-
isa, dearly beloved wife of Henry Flemer,
mother of Annie, 'William, Lulu and Ktta
Flemer, and Bister of Richard R. and Wil-
liam Speckter, a native of Schweringer, Han-
over, Germany, aged 45 years and 2 days.
(^Notice of funeral hereafter,
DRAGER— In thla city September 17, 1900,
Mary A., beloved mother of John, Joseph,
Harry and "William Draper, a native of Ger-
many aged SI years and 3 months. ,
(C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 8 Fourteenth street, near Harrison. In-
. torment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
DIXEY— In this city, September 18, 1900, Saral
T. Dlxey, beloved mother of Mrs. Johnson
Reynolds and William F. Dlxey, a native of
Delaware. (Philadelphia, Pa., and-Delaware
papers please copy.)
CyFuneral services will be held to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, at the First Congre-
gational Church, corner Post and Mason
streets. Interment private. Remains at the
parlors of the California Undertaking Com-
pany, 403 Powell street, corner Post.
DONOHUE— In this city, September 18, 1900,
¦ Hannah, beloved wife of Thomas Donohue,
elster of Julia Horan, niece of Mrs. Rodden,
Mrs. Susrue and Mrs. Fitzgerald, and cousin
nf Charles- Horan, a native of Castle Island,
County Kerry, Ireland, aged 26 years.
ICFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from hla late resi-
dence, 1011 Larkin street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a requiem high .mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul at 9:30
o" clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
DANVILLE— In this city, September 17, 1900,
Samuel Barcroft Danville, beloved husband of
the late Jennie Danville, father of Annie,
Harry, Lottie and Charles Danville; and
brother of Mrs. Alice Pierce and Miss Maria
Danville of Marysville, Cal., a native of
IlMno'is, aged 47 years 8 months and 14 days.
(Marysvllle, Cal.. papers please copy.)
(C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from his lato resi-
dence, 1019 Geary street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
CULLEN— In this city, September 18, 1900, Paul,
beloved husband of Ann Cullen. and father of
Harry, Mary. Sarah and Lillian Cullen, a na-
tive of Dublin, Ireland, aged 65 years 8
months and 27 days. A member of the Long-
Fhoremen'a Protective Association.
C^TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at Odd Fellows' Hall, Suisun,
on the arrival ot the train leaving San Fran-
cisco at 8 o'clock a. m. Remains at the resi-
dence of Mrs. H. R. Muzzy, 2122 Pacific ave-
nue.
CROUSE— In this city. September 17, 1900. John
R., beloved husband of Louisa Crouse, and
father of Mra. W. C. Klefer, a native of
Akron, Ohio, aged 72 years 3 months and 15
days.
E^Krlends anfl acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, Post and Montgomery streets. In-
terment Masonic Cemetery. Remains at tha
funeral rmrlo-rs of. Charles H. Jacob & Co..
815 Mason street, between O^Farrell and
Geary. V
COSTIGAN-In this city. September 17, 1900.
William J., beloved husband of Kate N. Cos-
tigan, and father of Dr. George D. Costigan,
U. B. Navy, and Ralph B. Costlgan of St.
Joseph, Mo., a native of New York, aged 67
years 2 months and 9 days. (Brooklyn, N.
Y., papers please copy.)
lESTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of L. L. Schuler, 531 Central avenue. Alameda.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
COriBY-In Oakland, September 17. 1900. Albert
Edward, beloved husband of the late Minnie
Cobby, and father of Mrs. Henry E. Sleeper
and John W., Ethel M. and Edwin V. Cobby,
a native of England, aged 61 years.
BERND— In Alameda, September 17, 1900, John
Bernd, "beloved brother of Henry and Andrew
Betnd and Mrs. G. Zimmermann, a native of
Germany, aged 36 years 7 months and 7 days.
(San Jose papers please copy.)
Cullen. Paul " Krert, William A.
Donohue, Hannah Lage. Henry f
Drager, Mary A. Lapidge, Capt. Wil-
Danvllle, Samuel B. Ham F.
Dlxey. Sarah T. Norrie, Sadie
Duggan, Mrs. The"resa O'Connor. Thomas
Emerson, John T. Reardon, James •
Klaslor, Frank Sachs, Hannah
Flemer. Louisa Sheehan, Edward F.
Hackenberg, Ewald Somps, Emll F.
Harvey, William B. Tonningsen, N. Peter
Hitchcock, William Wler. Theodore
DIED.
Bernd. John Jones. Bessie
Cobby, Albert E. Kessler, Frederick
Costigan, William J. Kortlck, Sarah
Crouse, John R. Kratz, John „
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
ROSKDALE House, 319 and S21 Ellis St.— Kooms,
night £Sc to $1, week tl 25 to M; open night.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 Bills St.— Incandescent
light; reading; room, smoking room and ladles'
parlor; rocms, per night, 3ic to Jl 50; week. $2
to $S: month, {8 to $20: elevator on office
floor: rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Bunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
PINK. 1237 — Large sunny rooms, newly fur-
nished complete. In strictly private family.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth — Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
•7:00a Esniclv Suisun, Elmlre. VacaTiHa,
Ramsey and Sacramento *7t4L3t
•~s««A Shasta Express— Da?is. Williams (for
BarUelt Sprbgs), Willows, Bed
Blufl. Portland. *7i«*
•7x30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Villejo. Napa,
Caliitrg* and .SanU Rosa *Oil.Tp
# 8:OOa DaTta. Woodland. Kuighu LaaiUnc,
MarjsTilla. Oroflile. •7:1.1"
*«iOOi Atlantlo Kxpress— Ugden and Ems *llt:t3r
•SiOOa >"ilei, Tracy, lathrop, Stockton •!>« 1J«
•»tUU« &au .lose. LJtermore, .Stockton.
lone, Sacramento, Pl»orr?lUe,
HarjstUU. Chieo. lie.! Bluff MilAp
MitOA Oak dale. Chinese, Sonora, Carters... M:l3p
•U:OOa H*y wan!«. Nil?* and Way Stations. Ml: 13*
*9:OOa Los Anf eles Express — Uartitiez.
. Tracy, Lathrop. sitockton, Afsreed
Fresno and Lo» Angelea *7:13r
•DiSOa Vallejo, Martins* au.l Way Stations •» «¦*¦"» e
•10:00* Tha O?erl*ud LJuiited-Ositeu. Don-
ver. Ouiaha. Cblcaca **:43r
•1I:OOa Niles. Stockton. Hacramento, Mem-
' dota, Frrsao, Uanfozd. TiaaUa.
VorterTille Mil.ir
•1 1:00* LiTtnaore, 8aofw, Goshen June-
ti'iu, BikrrsftelJ, Los Angelee
•IttiOAM Uajvarda. Niles and Way oUSiont. ¦9>4.1r
tl:OOr Sitcraineuto lUtei Mteninora t3:0<»*
•3:OOr Haywards. NUra and Way StaUoaa. *St 13 p
MHIttr Ma.tinr/. Han JUtunn, Valiejo,
N»p*. CiilUtoxa, Santa Uosa »l»iI3*
•lio«r B-niciv Winters. dacraweato,
Wuu.llaiid, Knivhls LanUioi,
M.rjMliJc. <)roti:i« m •101434
•I:3Of Ntloa, Ban J.we aud Stockton *7il3r
*5:0»pTlio Owl Limited— Tracy, fresoo.
lUktrsdnM. .•»*» jns fur dauta Bar-
bara, liu« Aaieles *lft:t.it
•5:0«p Stockton •VrtS.t
•Jittlif N«» Orleaot Kzpreaa— UakemOelil.
Santa llarbmra, I^js Angeles, Dent-
iiiK. El Paso, Hew Oilsaas aud
Kast •Tiill*
•6:OOp najwardj, Milea and Han Jo«a »7.4»»
1A:O<tr Vallelo •I3:l,tp
'«: (Mir Oriental Mail— OgJon, Cheyenne,
Omaha, Cblc»go *13:l3p
*0:00p Oriental Maii-Ogdea, Denver.
Omaha, Chicmfo Mil.ir
•7zOOp NUes, Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton.. .. »ia:13?
•7»OOr Oregon »ml Caltr»ml* ICxi>r*M.Sae-
mmeiitn. Manatlile. Keil.llng.
Tortlai..!. ru R 4 Hou-d and Kail «8l«SA
J*!i».»p VallcJ--., Furt (Josta and Way «t».
timw .". m=aQp
lsats — From Bzptxubkx 13, I90O. — abbxti
MASON. 1301— Nicely furnished rooms to let;
single and en suite. , •
MARKET, 1035-The Lohengrin-Furnished,
very desirable front suits and single rooms
by the day; 25c to Jl; week, tl 00 to J5; trav-
ellnc transients solicited. •
LAS PALMAS. 1S20 Market Bt.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private; bath; Ein. rms.; board optional.
LARKIN. 707— Private family; newly furnUhed
double parlors;, sunny; bay window; $16;
adults only.
MAS rii.*xt:i«ro.
(Slain Line, foot of Market Street)
NuiTiir.Rx i-Atirtv conrAXT.
(PACirrc ststsm.>
Trains 1*»»» uu<l Mr* tluv to nrrl t • «¦
HTDB, 407B— Furnished room; private family.
tC?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2590 Mission street, corner Twenty-
second, thence to French , Church of Notre
Dame des Victoires, where sen-ices will be
held at 10 o'clock.
TONNINGSEN— In this city, September 18, 1900,
N. Peter, beloved son of John H. and Karn
Tonningsen of Lakevlew, Or., and brother of
Judge Charles and A. Frederick Tonntngsen
and Mrs. H. C. Whitwcrth of Lakeview. Or.,
and John Tonningsen of San Francisco, a na-
tive of Germeny, aged 42 years 10 months and
9 days.
WIER— In this city. September IS. 1900. at the
German Hospital, Theodore Wler, a native ot
Germany, aged 60 years 4 months and 13 days.
ETFuneral private.
GTRelatlves, friends and acquaintances are
respectfully Invited to attend the funeral
Friday, September 21, at 10 o'clock, . from his
late residence. Fourth street. San Rafael,
•thence to St. Raphael's Church. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
REARDON— In this city, September 17. 1900.*
James, beloved husband of Mary A. Reardon,
and brother of Charles A. Reardon of. San
Francisco,"- Michael Reardon of Arizona and
Mrs. M. M. Grath of New Mexico, a native
of Prince Edward Island, aged 58 years.
SACHS— In this city. September 18, 1900, Han-
nah, widow of the late Louis Sachs, beloved
mother of Sanford Sachs, sister of Mrs. Ber-
tha Strauss, and grandmother of Mrs.. Jullen
H. Newbauer. a native of Bavaria, aged 76
years 3 months and 14 days. (New York pa-
pers please copy.)
lC7"Frlenda and acquaintances are- respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 601 Leavenworth street. Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery, by special, train
leaving Third and Townsend streets at 11:15
o'clock. It ls specially requested to please
omit flowers.
SHEEHAN— In Sioux City. Iowa, September 13,
1900, Edward F., beloved brother of Kate
Sheehan. a native of the parish ot Ballygar-
vin. County Cork, Ireland, aged 27 years.
SOMPS— In this city, September 17, 1300. Emil
F. Somps, beloved eon of P. S. and Pauline
Somps. a native of San Francisco, aged -27
years 1 month and 8 days.
husband of Cassle O'Connor, father of. Thomas
II. Jr. and William H. O'Connor, Mrs. Fannie
Hewelcke and Leonard, Stella, Carrie, Ltzzla
Grace and Aileen O'Connor, and brother of
Edward O'Connor, Mrs. Lizzie Lammerman,
Mrs. Leonore Stevens. Mrs. James O'Connor,
Mrs. Mary Nixon and William H. O'Connor,
ag-ed 62 years and 7 months. (Eastern papers
please copy.) ¦ . .
i MtSICAI, IXSTIll'SlEVrg.
|*TsT cell— A beatrtlful upright, rood as~new\
• 'cant case, ilGO: sJ»o a nl<-<» iiraetice piano,
-<r. Jtx;m 10. n.-vod building.
VIOU3C strinp.s: never w«?t; b*st in tha world;
naklr.R ar.i .-'•; c'.ring of all klr.ds of musical
tnatruHMala. Carl C. Anderson. 417 Geary »t.
FOR «j>— K:<-.£ant wa'.nut, cabinet grand up-
r'.ght. cheap, or^wlll nOL U2 Kearny et.
FLAUGHTEH s»i> of upright pianos for stor-
nr>; S.jO up. V.T.^on'g Storage. 5710 Market Bt.
-PEDAL Stoinwsy; perfect order $175
gSEFFgS, fg Mtrtet sC. bot. 5th aafi 6th!
cr:XTI.EMAN l«-avsr.E city will sacrifice el«-
_ gajt upriy-'-t grand piajio. 324 Golden Gate av.
TE In the swim: rent a new plaro for~U n"er
J!lC. n J2!-_££2II£EgI A J-g9'r T' 60 H*y»T«t.
HARGAIN— Good r'.ano chrap: Installment J!
P»r month. SCIIMITZ. 16 McAlTister «t.
W. C. BADGER, 411 Sacramento «., agent for
£-. Fraocla Bacon and lisllett & Davis .pianos.
FT-PKRIOR violins, zithers, old and new. h]
WtXJER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
REDUCTION sale; n»w plano.«: J"» payments;
for rent, ?2 u r . BRl'ENN. *PS Tost st.
HIGH-GRADE pianos: Stock. IlardrjanrCon"-
"ver ft nther«. Tl'. B. AT.T.KN CO.. 814 Post.
OFFICES A\n STOKES T<» LIST.
KMMA SPRECKELP t>uTldir^ 9?T~Market^
office?, light and sunny, X15 to r20 p?r nionlb;
J'ght. hp.it, Janitor and uee cf tel. Included.
EMALL etore; : rooms; go:>d for tailor, sho*-
raa^fr. barber; cheap. <gl California at.
TO rer:t— Modera store: well lighted; 25x140;
rer.t rpjLSoaable, ;;s Hayes Et.
PALMISTRY.
"i 5^ VAN BAKER, scientific palmistry, 7S
..dfir. nr. Polk; co sign; hours, 1 to 8 p. m.;
_ : & y py appointment; jhone Polk lia.
MSIK. NEERGAARS has "remove"d~to 700~f&*~-
h -:ra 1 to 5 eve., cr.^ $un<{ay by appointment.
PEKSOXAL--.
TliE HUDSON BIVEHCO,,3 ~~ """
HOPKB BROS.
MattrcB»es and pillows made to order, recov-
ered and renovated; honest work guaranteed;
prices dffy ccn-.peUtlon: fine upholstery; phone
U09: factory. £1S ar.d StO Eleventh tt.: flret-
ciass cleaning «jid <Iyelcg. 12S O'Farrell. near
. p o»f!!, Pan Francisco.
JfLTANIEM. "
Bcletjtlfic Heallcg.
C19 Golden Gate ave.
LEDF.RER sells El Perfecto Veda Roup#. EPc;
St beautif.es th« *ac»; first Quality hair rolls
at a bargain. IZS Stockton et.
V>R. IX MACLEAN moved his ofnee to Donohoe
buildlnp. ro^ms FT an<3 f<, phor.e Folsora 1651;
resi^enr* 1!>?I Fase, phone Fell 7836.
ELECTRIC lights In every room— Winchester
Hnt^l. '< Third «t.. n»>s.r Market; 700 rooms;
f;c to J! t.0 i<t night; Jl 5^> to $6 r>er week;
(re* bus and happape to and from the ferry.
I.rPKKER'S Qjir.tor.ica Ilalr Tor.ic S5c box;
Foamo Shamr^oo Ec package.
to order on Instailments: Sit upward;
Jl a w«ek. LEON LEMOS. Ill" Market St..
1 ct-^en Perenth end Eiphth.
i :'.'~> 2 n 0 rerrr.anTt cures in Pan Francisco.
¦rtio can be seen: no operation: no pain; par-
•:-u!«rs seat. Ad. Physic'en. box 1950. Call.
ILEDEBEB, the popular hairdresser: up-to-
a*M latft fads In hair styles 25e only.
fcTllfi to order cn easy payments. Art Tallor-
:rsr Co.. l f 4« MVt.. under St. Nicholas HoteL
HAIR Qdckly curled or waved by uslrr Tal-
cott'a rur';r.g Culd; 25c a bottlei druggl5ts.
V.'A NTEP — Old-fashioned silver, brass, coppor
»«r»: c^r:-f. all descriptions. Ers L">upont st.
kLFREDCMS Errptian Henna r^*tor*s tray
l r to Its r.atural eoler; tl. at all drurirlsts.
-OFT" rlcth:r.ie. eld gold and silver bought;
wyr.'i r-^t*:. COLEMAN"S. fv"<! Kearr.y st.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
m, C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
: r -" : s Mg-ket ft., between Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
BALDWIN it TTO-nrT-T.T.q
10 MONTGOMERY BT.
New rrcperty IJrted and bargains In lnveet-
ts«m rr^perties. Nothing in thle list but what
If <5«cide£Iy cheap and can bear full Inspection.
C 0 • -Near th« ccreer of 4th and Minn* ets.;
let £5x70; I-etcry buililr.g of S flats:
rer.ts $4M per year; right in the heart
or town.
F "¦:— R»r.tf JS6 per month; ccrner on Dolores
st.; well Improved with 2 new flats of
I &nd 6 rocms acd bath ea^h; always
rented; let tSxSS.
j:-v-nents tZZ r*r month; Buchanan et.,
rear Haightj 2-stor>* house of E rooms
and bath; strp*>t bitumlnlxfed; cement
FldtwaJk; a decided bargain for a home
feeker.
# -^— .—
j" >v_v- OT j r own> terms; lik» paying rent; new
cottage, just cornplcted; 215 Laguna
ft., corner lot near Lombard; 6 rooms,
heth. reception hail, etc; must be Bold;
house open to-<3ay.
'-'—Fourth «• : retail business property—
ft ore er.d fiat; rents f;o per month; payi
* per cent net; must be sold to close es-
;»te; thle is a bargain.
H,*»-Renti t!2« r*r year; large lot, 60x50;
cottas* hou5e; near Folsom and Eth
fts.; executor's sale.
t ;? W>— Heat* 1160 per month; always rented:
rarr.e- tenants for years; large corner;
i »«11 improved with stores and flats;
1^ McAllister St., cot far from Van Nes«
' avr.
12.00a— Recta jj«j rj\ p^,. m onth; new flats on
I^avetiworUi et.. near California; lot
EBxM; reduced price to b« sold at once;
payi ? r-*r cer-t net cn Investment.
SS.&OO— XUntE S960 p»r y»ar; owner anxious to
f-M; r.&ts near facramento and Hyde
Bt*.; !ar?e lot, S."x32T:€.
$*,J r " -R«>rt« $^ pt month; price reduced to
make c;ui<-k pale; 2 houses and r»ar cot-
tar"? <~>r. McA Ulster Ft., close to Laguna.
96,(30— Bests |Q r*r month; Natoma St., near
Cth; coal yard ar.d 4 flats; lot 25x75; paye
1 per ccr.t x*tr rnonth.
tlS.EOO—Only \2.<m cash: bank mort««jf» of
t'iZ.u>n c»u remain; int snxJOO: with 3-
nory building on Van Ness ave., near
Golden Gate.
Full particular* of any of the above
properties on application at of Mo* of
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 16 Montgomery et.
J-E-W FROPEnTT ' .
NEW PROPERTY!'-
" I — ~, TT,. NEW PHOPERTT!!
f-"r*rlcr bu'IiSir.g lot* on very *-asy payments:
OB line of th<» H-ft. eler-tric car> and fronting
f ' ¦ .'i'-zi Gate Park and ih* new l?th-ave boule-
*srd: only a minutes walk frcrn Strawberry
J!!l! ar,<3 rsrk attractions.
¦ -M*.ce<!jimixed Streets on Official Grade*.
•-Pitr.k SidewaJks. Oas «n<5 Water Bervlce!!!
k-'><Ser8.te I'rire* — TTie Choicest locality.
Rare Chance for Investment Seekera
• n<5 Home Builders.
5"'"jr Orrn Terms— Interest Only C Per Cent.
Mcr.ey aiveiiced for building purposes; th*
f*t!ie«t and handsomest modern house* In
f- ;n*»t District ere -now being occupied and
Coontiuetrt on the rfir lftti-ave. boulevard.
Call at once at cur branch office (op«n week
Sir*, Bandar* and holidays), corner of H st
sii<2 *rh «»«>., t<r.tith of Oclden Gate Park, and
esk to be Bluawu th^s* beautiful lots. fSiII par-
ti'-vi'.ars anfl price l!^ts si'.sn at our ofn»^
BALDWIN 4; HOWELL,
10 Moatgorcery et.
A. M. PJ'J>-K & CO.. VrT Market «t.
n«»ai Ertate and Investment Agents
Fui! Charge Taken O f Property
IIW.iCO— Elll^-st. corner; OtlSS*; downtown-
ep!«r4!<J building; rays better than
bnnds.
13,000— Tw« comers; 3«xl2t feet; close- to Van
Ne*s ave. and McAlilster et.
HO.000 — Cwr.er: tr.'>Arm buildings; paj-s 8 per
<-er.t net; lot S.i"ixl37:<?.
1 20. <w»_ Corner: €0 ft*t front: vicinity Jones
and <>ary sis.; choicest comer In this
dinr-lct.
12,000— 7t feet front cn filxth «t. ; 4 stores and
t flate: r*nt« T2«,o per year.
IH.CT0 ¦ Rent« JUS: ne»- improwmtnti; E:iis st. i
t-«.ncrt— e<j<5j- Ft. fiat»: r*?n«s J>6; 2 frontages.
J '.(/»(— Htr.ts J7'"-; r.ew flats r.ear Van Ness ave. j
U.eOO-l rice flau; rents $<6; lot «0iU5 feet.
CHOICE CN1MPROVKD BARGAINS.
|S.<MM— 27::.xi;7:€ feet; water front; S front-
ngfs; Stockton Bt. and North Point;
this i» an i-jr-al manufsxturlnr »ltt.
120.00^-127^x121 fe«t; northwest corner Oough
end Clay ata.: magr.Iflcent residence
#tte; fine marine view.
120.900— Southeast corner Market and Oinrch
He.; «lxlCS feet; i car I'nes; want offer;
n.'.rt tell.
A. M. SPECK ft CO., C67 Market st.
r on PALE — Great bargain: new J-room park
residence; substantlai hanisome; chejLp;
i,-rm» to suit purchasfr; ov.ner on premises,
/*-* Clayton rt . south of Hatght: electric cars
*&fss th« door.
U.M0— COBXER !ot. !Mxl20; new ivollding.
rrooery- »n«i 1,3 r, «tc<-k and flxtures; on end
<-f enr lire; <-W ring 5200 rro. Box S71«, Call.
KOOCaSI bou&m bulit;lowest ptices:plan8 and
r-tlm«-.»^ furtUsh-d. Camrbell, Jl<7 Mission,
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOIt SALE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 MARKET ST.
FOR YOUR RENT MONEY.
KM Cash— Two beautiful modern Mission flats
of 3 and 4 rooms and porcelain bath, etc.;
, f the rent you receive pays for them.
$500 Cash— Sunny modern corner house in the
Minion; 8 rooms end porcelain bath; lot
rrxm feet. . .
$200 Cash, balance as rent — Elegant modern
house of 5 rooms and porcelain bath. Ulo
mantel, dame ceilings; fine view; Mls-
\j flon-st. cars one block.
; Interest on the above places, 6 per cent
: -on deferred payments. Photographs to
I* seen at our cfllee.
• :
SMALL INVESTMENTS,
rrqulrir.jr not more than >I000 cash.
$4200— Clayton Ft.; two modern flats of 4 and 5
; rooms and bath.
$3000— Two Rurstantlal, well-built flats of S
rooms and bath; lot 2."xl37:6; modern,
nice apptaricfc; sunny s'.Ja street.
J-COO cash, balance 6 per cent— Two attractive,
wtli-bullt modern flats of 7 and 5 rooms
and porcelain bath, on Scott St., nr. Oak.
J3TiO— Shotwell st. : two fine, well-built flats cf
6 and 7 rooms and bath; rents $33 per
month; lot 25x122:6 feet.
$3M0— Duncan et., near Guerrero.
BARGAINS — UNIMPROVED — ' MAKE
OFFER.
j $:400— Pase Bt., near Shrader.
• irsoo— Page st.. near Lyon.
i $2iOO~Nineteer.th st.,' near Guerrero; 40x100 feeL
. j $3400— Foi*3tn St.. near Fourteenth.
I JlOCfO — AEhbury Heights lots; surrounded by fine
Improvements; make offer.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
j 633 Market et.
RARE chance— House and lot. 25xT5: near the
, new PoBtofflce. Apply at 270 Clementina at. ;
no agents.
WANTED for cash customer, property bet.
Market. Putter and Polk *t s .: paying 7 per
Cf nt. W. E. BARN'ARD. 1113 Brdwy. Oakland.
MISSION cottage: 6 rooms and bath; large lot;
terms to suit buyer. Owner 41S Kearny st.
1112 A L ESTATE COUXTilY For Sale
. $:3OO-RANCprio acrwr^oT^aleTTrooTn^house
on place; fenced In; plenty water; few fruit
and shade trees; 65 acres rood to farm, the
i rest eood pasture: 2',i miles from Byron
Fprines; 3 miles from Byron; must b« told
| cn account of mortgage. Write to P. O box
\ 24, Byron, Cal. ' -£
ACCURATE personal knowled(r«— each of the
3000 ranches on my SALE and EXCHANGE!
list. More than all other agents In this city.
N. D. SICK ELS, the land agent, 6 Geary st.
CITY property and farms exchanged or sold;
lists free. MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market
St.. room 1.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHA.\GE^
GLEN ELLEN grape an3 fruit land: 160 acres
! timber and water; equity 12000; eale or «-
! change: what have you for It? must sell, so
j speak quick. HENLY. 11 Montgomery st.
I * MI^ —————— —^M—^
1 ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
BAROAIN'S In Improved and unimproved Ala-
meda real estate In all parts of Alameda on
easy term.*. Alameda Land Company, 1500
Park ft.. A!ame<ia; r) Post St., San Franclsoc.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$2r»0— NETW 5-room house, with all modern Im-
provements: corner lot fronting Telegraph
ave.; only 10 minutes of university grounds.
Apply to MASON & MeLENATHEN. adjoin-
ing: P. O.. Berkeley station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$34<» — TO build now would cost t40O0.
New Colonial house, T rooms, etc., with every
up-to-date convenience: artistic and elegant;
terraced lawn; cement coping; ornamental
shrubbery ; swell neighborhood; sunny; 3 blocks
to locfll station and near business center; terms
it desired; own^r must sell: call early.
J. S. MEYER, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
UT00-SOLD 2 years ago for 94400.
House, S n.oms, bath, etc.; open plumbing:
large barn; lot 00x125; street work complete;
Al neighborhood; 3 blocks to schools and cars;
near local train and business center; only $300
cafch, balance bank mortgage; eeelng is be-
lievinir. so call early before It ls sold..
J. S. MEYERS. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLASU HOUSES TO LET.
GOOD houses. Get list from GEO. W. AUS-
TIN & CO.. 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND Fl'UMTCRE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
ROOMS FUR HOUSEKEEPING. ¦
CHESTNUT, 293, cor. Dupont— Fine furnished
rooms for housekeeping; cheap.
CLAY, 2421, near Flllmore — 2 large unfurnished
rooms; upper flat; yard; water; rear; rent »7.
EDDY. 815 (old number)— 3 or 4 unfurnished
sunny rooma; fin* location: private residence.
FIFTH.853 — t connecting rooma. $14. 2 beds;
also 2. IIP; single. 14 to »5.
GOLDEN GATE, €22—3 sunny rooma furnished
for housekeeping; gas stove, running water,
HYDE. 410— Sunny front and back parlor, with
kitchen; also alcove suite. t2Q. .
MARKET, 24S2— 19; 2 sunny housekeeping
rooms; private family; adults only.
MINNA/5322— t or S housekeeping rooms, com-
plete; also double and single ; rent moderate.
MINNA. £46 — Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; larreyard^ '^
NOE. 153 — 4 sunny connecting rooms; gas
range, grate, bath; lower flat; <I4. '¦
OAK. 119 — Elngle room* furnished for house-
keeping. 14, (6 and IS. Call after 4 o'clock;
see these.
OCTAVIA. 1403. cor. Geary— Sunny bay window;
gas burners; cooking; large closets: running
water. i
O'FARRELL, 12?A-»-Nlcely furnished sunny
rocms, with privilege of light housekeeping.
I PIKRCE, 24», near Oak— 3 oT 4 furnished
j rooms: reasonable: sunny; stove and gas.
O'FARRELL, 742—2 to 4 nicely furnished room*
complete for housekeeping; 3 connecting, 116;
also single, {8.
POLK, E22— Unfurnished housekeeping rooms;
also single rooms; rent cheap.
POWELL. 1401—2 or 3 largs sunny rooms, con-
nected. for housekeeping; sink, gaa and bath.
TENTH, 123, near Market— Large sunny front
rooms with Kitchen.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
I . received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
j A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
j Fubscrlptlons has been established at 1096 Va-
j lenela st.
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. and Uufnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148^1xTh^Rooms 25c
to U per niRht; Jl 25 to |5 per week, and light
housekeeping; open all night.
A QUIET and respectable home for light house-
keeping; suite* $16 up; bath; telephone. Bt.
Jamr*. McAli'.ster and' Laguna *t».
BURNETT. 142S Market (old No. 1364)-Fur-
nished ring., suites, single; also unfurnished.
liCSH. 234, ne&r Kearny— Nice furnished rooms.
IS oer month and up.
I BUSH. £20 (The- Elk)-Changed hands, newly
I renovated, nicely furn. Bunny rms., {1 60 to $7
week; 25c to II 50 night. MRS. P. RANtT.
BRYANT. 3606. near Fifteenth— 1 largo sunny
rooms, with stable, $12; without. 110; water
f Tft ;
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason-Elegantly
furnished eunny rooma; prlceg reasonable.
ELEVENTH. 36$H-Sunny furnished room to
rent. S3 50 per month, for lady only.
ELLIS. 629, corner Larkin— Sunny furnished
room; closet, folding bod; for two persons.
GEARY, &56— Elegant sunny front parlor, piano.
light hkpg.; suites: other pleas, rms.; phone.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 727— Finely furnished
front room; ga«; bath; gentleman; private;
reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN, touthaast corner Seventh
and Mission et«.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
alngle; ladles' parlor: reading-room: elevator.
HOWARD, £23— Rooms from $1 week up to IS;
25c to II night; also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD, P??. cor. 6th— Orlando House— New
management; furnished rms.; suites or single.
ber 18, 1900, by the Rev. M.S. Levy, Moses L.
Hartman and .Theresa Solomon, both of San
Francisco. - -
JACOBS— SCHLESINGER— In this city, Sep-
tember 16, 1000, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto.
Hymati Jacobs and* Stella Schleslnger.
MUNTER— WOLLENBERG— In this city, Sep-
tember 16, 1900. by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Carl
Munter of Cottonwood, Shitsta County, and
Jennie Wollenberg of Ban Francisco.
RAPHFELD— LEVY— In this city, September 9,
1900. by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Maurice L.
Raphfeld*and Victorlne Levy, both of San
Francisco. ,
SATTLER— LENOIR— In this city, September
16, 1900, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto, Herman H.
fc'attler and Hattie Lenolr.
SHIREK— GOLDSTEIN— In this city. Septem-
»-bsr 16, 1900, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto, Sidney
Phillip Shlrek and Gertrude Miriam Gold-
stein. ¦
STERN— LIPMAN— In this city, September 16,
1900, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto, Abraham Stern
and Mrs. Rosalie Llpman. i :¦ « '
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unfnrn.
RATLBOAD TRAVEL.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Leave j In Efftct I Arrlv*
Saa Francisoo. [Apr. IS. 1940.) San JVandscix
T:SO am 9:00 am Novato. 19:40 ami S:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Pttaluma. S:CR pmlO:^ am
6:10 pm t:00 pm Banta Roaa. 7:35 pro! i:tO pra
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. - 10:23 aa
HeaMsburp.
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverda'.». 7:35 pro '»:28 pm
7:30 ami j Hopland j 110:23 ana
8:30 pm[ 3:00 amf and Uklah. | 7:S5 pm> 6:20 pm
7:20 am 19:22 am
8:00 to GaernevtUe. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm «:30 pm
7:30 am 8:C0 am! Sonoma 9:15 am S;40am
and
8:13 pm 8:00 praf O>n Ellen. t:C5 pm 1:20 pm
TrSOami 1:00 ami 110:40 am!10:25 ara
8:30 pm! 5:00 pm| EebastcpoU I 7:35 pm| «i» pra
¦*Va«k J Bun- I ' I Sun- I We«Jc
Cays. I days. | Destination.! days. | Days.Another /Jot pf travelers' samples and
odd corsets, all colors and sizes, value
from 75c to $4 60. wlir be sold ? for "half
price and/lees. Also 100 dozen 75c "Coutll"
corsets— five-hook, spoon steel, "silk
flossed— at 25c per,' pair. Chester F.
Wright. 6 Geary street, corner Kearnjr. •
Special Corset Sale.
Achilles Foley, a 16-year-old ycuth of
St. Paul, who enlisted In the Third Artil
lery without his father's permission., was
brought before District ' Judge de Haven
yesterday on a writ of habeas corpus
sworn to by his father. After hearing the
evidence Jn the case Judge de Haven or
dered Achilles discharged from the army
and returned to his people-
Was Ordered Discharged.
The work of securing a jury to try John
M. Chretien : on a charge of forgery Is
progressing ; slowly before Judge Dunne.
t A ninth juror, C. Leonhardt, 2003 Golden
Gate ' avenue, was accepted yesterday,
after '. which an adjournment was taken
until this morning. - _
Chretien Case Continued. *
Teamster Accused of Taking $250.
James H. Wall, drayman, 704 Dupont
street,' sworo to a complaint in Judge
Fritz's court yesterday for the arrest of
George Walcott, a teamster, on the charge
of felony embezzlement. Saturday Wal
cott was plven'$25O with which to pav a
freight bill. He absconded with 'the
money, hence the warrant.
A man who said his name was John J.
Holzman called upon Nils Nelson, pro
prietor of the Chicago Hotel, 224 Pacific
street, last week and said he wanted a
room for a few days. Then he produced
a check for $20 on the First National
Bank bearing the name "Martin J
Thompson," which he asked Nelson to
cash. The latter got Stabens & Fried
man, clothiers, to cash it after Holzman
had bought to 50 worth of goods. The
check turned out to be .: valueless and
Holzman left the hotel the next morning.
Presented a Bogus Check.
The trial of Peter McGlade on a charge
of obtaining money under false pretenses
commenced ' yesterday before Judge Bur
nett of Santa Rosa, sitting In Judge
Cook's department of the Superior Court.
After the excuses of many talesmen were
heard the case was continued until this
morning, at which time the Sheriff will
return a special venire.
Peter McGlade on Trial.
Swim at the Crystal Baths.
Recommended by physicians. Water alway*
clean and warm.' Tub department best In city.*
Certificates will not be Issued till some
time in December,- but when they axe
forthcoming this Commission will see to
it that you receive yours.
We will also arrange for the medal that
goes with the certificate, If you so desire.'
Yours respectfully. •••-'.-;". ¦¦'.
V. W.-GASKILL. Secretary.*
CALIFORNIA PARIS EXPOSITION
COMMISSION OF 1900, 8 Place de TOp
era, Paris, France. August 28, 1900.—Cali
fornia Art Glass "Works. San Francisco,
California— Gentlemen: This Commission
takes great pleasure In.' informing you
that your exhibit of Art Glass windows
at 'Paris Exposition of 1900 has been
awarded a silver medal by the Interna
tional Jury of Awards.
Great Triumph for California.
The cornerstone for that portion of St.
Luke's Hospital which is being added to
the south side will be laid this afternoon
at 4 o'clock. The board oi directors of
the hospital has issued invitations for the
event. The building which is now going
up will enlarge the wards.
Enlarging St. Luke's Hospital.
S. B. France, representing the Socialist
Labor, party of the State of California,
has sued G. B. Benham, Cameron H.
King, Cameron II. King Jr. and Oliver
Everett to restrain the defendants from
asserting that they represent the Social
ist Labor party and to enjoin them from
collecting money, as it Is alleged they
are doing, under the pretense that they
represent the party.
Socialists Go to Court.
Fifty-two bright young men and women
are about to petition the Board of Re
gents of the University of California not
to cut them off from the advantages they
have enjoyed In the matter of prosecuting
the study of the Cantonese branch of the
Chinese language. . A meeting will be
called In a few days to. take the necessary
steps. There is an instructor in Can
tonese in the university who was recom
mended by Dr. Freyer and appointed upon
Dr. Freyer's representations. Now these
fifty-two young men and women say that
Walter Fong, the appointee, is a See Yup,
as they are credibly informed,' and that
he is not fe. Cantonese. Therefore, they
have refused to a man and woman to en
ter Walter Fong's new class, on the
ground that he Is not competent to teach
them the commercial dialect of Southern
and Eastern China, They have all been
studying Cantonese between one and two
years and many or' them hold certificates
from the University of California, show
ing their progress to be ¦ creditable.
Incidentally much bitter talk: is heard
among them concerning Dr. Freyer. He
speaks the Mandarin dialect. This is the
tongue of Northern and Central China. A
few pupils have studied that dialect, but
many more have engaged/under the fos
tering influence of the College of Com
merce of the University of California, in
the study of Cantonese. The whisper is
heard that jealousy of the growing inter
est in Cantonese has been at the bot
tom of the sudden change that the uni
versity has made. .
For nearly, two years the Rev. Dr. John
Gardner, who is widely known as a Chi
nese scholar, and who has been in daily
contact with Chinese from the Canton
province, in his dual capacity of Govern
ment interpreter and Chinese missionary,
has been giving gratuitous instruction to
all comers who -wished to study at the
Hopkins Institute of Art. and his pupils
say that they were pleased with the ad
vancement made by them., A few weeks
ago Walter Fong; was appointed to suc
ceed Dr. Gardner and was given a salary.
The 'first fruit of this Is a charge of $5
per term for instruction. The. next fruit
is.4he outspoken indignation of the former
students of Cantonese.
"We are going to ask the regents," said
Business Men and Women
Will Petition University
Regents.
DO NOT WANT
FONG TO TEACH
THEM CANTONESE
If was evident that either the Hillegass
tract could not be purchased or the pro
posed residence could not be erected at
present. Several regents objected strong
ly In any case to making appropriations
from an already depleted fund.
Mrs. Hearst came to the rescue and said
that she would meet the payments as thev
fell due to tho contractors if work could'
begin at once, and would wait to be re
imbursed until there should be money In
the permanent improvement fund. The
The situation that confronted the re
gents was this: The $23,000 appropriated
in February would seriously deplete the
permanent improvements fund, and for
that reason the building of the residence
has been delayed. The regents have been
negotiating for the purchase of the Hille
gass tract, to enlarge the university site.
When that deal is consummated there
will be little remaining in the fund for the
residence appropriation.
To make the situation more perplexing.
Regent Denicke announced that the low
est bidder had put' in a bid of. over $35,000.
It had been understood at the -beginning
that the complete cost of the residence
would be about twice the $25,000 of the ap
propriation. The contract s had . been
awarded to the lowest bidder, but before
the committee could proceed a further ap
propriation was necessary in order that
the contract price be covered by the ap
propriations. s:«- ,-
The University of California Is arain_a
«ebtor to the . generosity of Mrs. Phebe
Hearst. • At an adjourned meeting of the
regents yesterday she volunteered to ad
vance money as payments should fall due
for the erection of the president's resi
dence, and in consequence work upon that
building will begin at once. . In addition
to this. President Wheeler ¦ announced
that a "regent to whom the university
owed gratitude for many benefactions"
had decided to establish a lectureship in
the history of art. That was also Mrs.
Hearst. •»
The question of the president's residence
came up for discussion through the read
ing of a resolution offered by R?gent
Denicke that Jlu.OUO be provided in addi
tion to the $23,000 appropriated in Febru
ary* for the residence, to be paid as the
funds should become available. The re
gents went into executive session to dis
cuss that and other financial questions.
University Indebted to Mrs.
Hearst for Two More
Benefactions. —
RESIDENCE FOR
PRESIDENT WILL
NOW BE ERECTED
Edward George Adank, Margaret O. Barrett.
Kate Barrett. Miss J. A. Barrett. John Hoyt
Barbont. Mrs. J. H. Barboni, Edward Baker.
Douslass Crane. Robert F. Connell, Julius
Cohn, Lillian Cohn, Clarkson Dye, "William M.
Dye, Lee de Mler, Mrs. Lee de Mler, William
O. Dudley, Robert Escamilla. Irwln Phliln
Flatow, William Gray. Charles A. Gage, Theo
dore J. Garnkaufer, Mrs. Helen Grey. Cyrena
Gererdon, 'John A. Hudson, Harry L. Horn,
Ala Keenan, Charles Kleeban. Dr. Lafontalne
Herman Lederer, Samuel Markowltz, Alfred !•.
Morgenstern. Frank Hess, M. D. Muller, C E
Muller. O. J. Muller. Charles McCarty, Jesse
Mark Mowry, John Marten, Ralph L. O'Neil
Frederick W. Olsen, Richard Onyon. Charles
Edward Rankin, W. H. Schulte, Geor K e B
Scott, Sholom Sllverstone. Miss R. Thayer
Miss Amy Florence Temple. Annie N. Unsrer
Ma^JiV Valx 4, w i E - von Jonannsen. M rsf J.
J. Whitney, Herbert Whitney, Edward J
Wales and Thomas Wayland.
Nearly all these are connected with
business houses in this city.
one of the students yesterday, "to rein
state Dr. Gardner. If they will not we
wilihave no way but to employ a private
teacher."
The following named are the students
who have refused to Join Walter Font's
class:
Resrents Anderpon, Denicke. Wheeler,
¦Rudd. Bode^r*. P*op+*>r. Houghton; Mrs.
Hearst. Pardee and Wallace were present
at the meeting.
President TVheeler reported the estab
lishment by Mrs. Hearst of the lectureship
In the history of art, and announced that
Professor Louis Dyer of Oxford Univer
sity had been chosen to fill It. Professor
Dyer formerly held a chair in Harvard.
He will sail from England October 12. and
his course of lectnres on early Greek art
will begin about November 1. . •>.
Upon recommendation of President
Wheeler. W. H. Hilton was appointed as
sistant in assaying, vice George J. Young,
who has resigned to accept a position in
the faculty of the University of Nevada..
M. Tj. Plumb was appointed an assistant
in chemistry, vice W. A. Weslar. re
signed, and W. D. Craler was appointed an
assistant in tho same department, vice F.
Cuttle, resigned.
The profits of the summer school, $1615,
were transferred to the library fund, to be
used for the purchase of books.
On request of Major Mhoon, attorney
for the board. Regents Wallace and
Denicke were appointed as a committee
to confer with Mrs. Howard Coit regard
ing a legacy of $22,000 left by her father,
Dr. Charles M. Hitchcock, to be divided
at her death between the University of
California and the ¦ University of Mary
land. • ¦. : ~* -
regents accepted the offer gladly, and the
extra appropriation of $15,iaX) was made.
In consequence the contract will be signed
at once and work will begin on the resi
dence as soon thereafter as possible.
The purchase of the Hillegass tract was
not consummated because the prepara
tion of the papers had not been completed.
A special meeting of the regents will
probably be held to complete the transac
tion. - .
Police Sergeant "William Price has sued
out an alternative writ of mandate direct
ed to the Board of Police Commissioners
asking the Superior Court to set aside and
cancel the action of the old board In, dis
rating him and to compel that body to re
store him to his former rank of lieuten
ant, or show cause.
Just before the Commissioners adjourned
last night Chairman Newhall produced a
summons and a copy of the writ, which
he declared had been served on him as
president of the board during the day, and
told the other members of the board its
contents.
A motion was made to refer the matter
to the City Attorney, but Newhall ob
jected, saying that as that official had al
ready given an opinion he was prejudiced
In the matter. This brought the remark
from Commissioner Mahoney that he en
tertained . an opposite view from that ex
pressed In the City Attorney's decision In
asmuch as he never looked on Price as a
lieutenant
"Well, If your opinion is correct," Joined
In Judge Wallace. "I consider it the prop
er thing to inform that gentleman that
we want his decision on that particular
point, and we will contest the suit on that
ground."
Mahoney replied that the decision was
based on the assumption that the board
considered Price a lieutenant, whereas
the consolidation act, which was in force
when Price was promoted, made no pro
vision for such rank or office. The mat
ter was finally referred to the City Attor
ney with instructions to consider the le
gality of Price's original appointment as
lieutenant. The case has been assigned
to Judge Hebbard.
Billy Abbott, the notorious tenderloin
saloon-keeper, appeared before the board
and begged hard for further time in which
to dispose of bis business. He claimed
that his place was heavily incumbered
and that tie was bound by a long lease.
He promised that if given- until January
next he would settle his affairs and quit
his business.
The feeling of the commission was man
ifest, however, and Abbott's pleading had
no effect. While he was imploring the
motion for refusal was passed without
dissent.
Abbott's license expires on the 23d inst.
Officer William Isaacs was fined $15 for
reporting late for duty, and for the same
offense Fabian Callahan was mulcted in
the sum of SI.
Emll Brugiere Jr. did not appear to
prosecute Policeman J. W. Scott. Chief
of Police Sullivan reported that Brugiere
had asked him to reprimand Scott, but
that he had refused to do so. The com
mission upheld the Chief.
Sergeant Price Takes Action
Against the Police
Commission.
SUES THE BOARD
TO RESTORE HIM
TO FORMER RANK
H. E. Knight, the first mate of the May
Flint, was the next witness. His testi
mony In connection with the course of
the vessel from the time she passed the
north head until she crashed upon the
ram of the Iowa was practically the same
as that given by Captain Woodside. The
In answer to various queries the witness
insisted that he had every reason to feel
that he could have come Into the bay in
safety. There was a good wind, clear
weather, light and apparently a clear
passage. The ship was behaving well and
there was danger in the lower bay. With
the aid of models the witness Illustrated
the blow from the Iowa which sent his
mammoth vessel to the bottom of the bay.
He was asked why he did not throw out
his anchors when he saw that he must
Ftrike the Iowa. He replied that he never
felt sure that he would strike the Iowa,
and so he went ahead.
In coming up the harbor Captain Wood
side declared that he took the fairway, a
most important fact. In the fairway, he
eaid, he had the best passage, and when
passing Washington-street wharf had a
good working breeze near tha wharves.
The vessel was making a five-knot speed
at the time. The captain insisted that the
wind held him until he' approached within
fifty yards of the warship Iowa. The ves
sel obeyed the helm well until the ship
lost the wind, and then trouble began.
The ship was continued on its course be
cause, the captain said, he expected at
any moment to secure a tug, and as long
as he had the wind he felt perfectly safe
In going down the bay.
He did not take the outside passage be
cause In the other he had almost ' a
straight course. He did not anchor In the
lower bay because he had a very long
ship and did not care to risk rounding her
to in the lower bay, because of the num
ber of vessels there.
6 o'clock, he said, and with a good breeze.
All sails, with a very few exceptions, were
set. He knew nothing of the parade, he
declared, nor of anything that was going
on In the harbor. There was a five-knot
breeze as the May Flint was within fifty
yards of the Iowa. The tide was setting
in toward the wharves and he was afraid
to let go his anchors. He scraped by the
warship, apparently doing no damage.
"When the May Flint had got clear of the
Iowa he noticed that his vessel was set
tling ahead. He saw a bark ahead and
discovered that It was the VIdette. He
let go an anchor, but collided with the
bark. It was light enough to see all that
happened. There were eleven vessels
from Melggs wharf to the spot where the
accident happened and Ire did not care to
anchor and be in their way. He'expected
the tide at any moment and exercised
his best judgment In the emergency.
Captain Woodside testified that he ex
pected and hoped to obtain the services
of a tug, but his evidence showed con
clusively that he made not even a rea
sonable effort to secure one. After he
and his Important officers had been heard
the Investigators closed the case and an
nounced that their decision will be ren
dered in a few days.
Captain Wcodside. the first witness, re
lated the Ftory of the wreck as he knows
It. The ship passed Point Bonita about
The' testimony of several witnesses was
taken before the case was submitted.
Several members of the crew of the May
Flint gave their evidence and told again
the story of how the sailing vessel
crashed down upon the terrible ram of
the Iowa. In the Investigation one im
portant fact admitted by every witness
was developed — the May Flint never would
have gone to destruction If her master
had anchored her In the lower bay or
employed the services of a tug to carry
him through the maze of ships which
were celebrating California's birthnight
as he entered the bay.
A year ago, however, authority was
given to Federal Inspectors to supervise
tailing ships as well as steam vessels,
and the wreck of the May Flint gave op
portunity for the first Investigation.
Authority to Institute the inquiry was
given to Captain Bolles and Captain
Bulger by John Bermlngham, Supervis
ing Inspector of the First District, and
Captain Woodside was summoned to ap
pear yesterday and defend himself.
The inquiry was Instituted to determine
wh'ether or not Captain Marshall A.
"Woodside, master of the May Flint, shall
be suspended from his rights under hi?
license or shall forfeit his certificate as a
master for culpability In the wreck of the
ship which crashed into the swordlike ram
of the Iowa. Federal Inspectors have
never attempted before to investigate the
conduct of masters of 6alllng vessels,
national Investigations being confined to
f-teamshlps.
AN official Investigation, unique In
the history of the United States,
was made yesterday by the local
I'nlted States Inspectors of Steam
and Sailing Vessels. It was the first in
quiry of the kind In the history of the
Federal marine service, and will act either
as the occasion for stubborn litigation or
as a precedent In a field which until yes
terday had never been traversed. It was
an official Investigation by Captain O. F.
Bolles and Captain J. K. Bulger, local
Inspectors of Steam and Sailing Vessel?,
of the wreck of the sailing vessel May
Flint on the night of the 8th inst.
crowd of ships In the lower bay the fair
wind, good behavior of the vessel and ap
parent free passage were all described as
the captain had pictured them. The ex
amination in this case, as In that of the
captain, was largely technical In Its char
acter ( and possessed no general Interest.
This witness also described, by the aid of
models, how the two ships crashed to
gether. It was significant that the descrip
tion was identical with that given by the
captain. One lnterestingg 'point developed
by Knight was that the wind failed the
May Flint almost In a flash.
Alex Parker, the second mate of the
May Flint, was the next witness. He was
suffering from an aggravated case of
stage fright and was nervously inaudible'
In much that he testified. His evidence,
however, was not particularly material, as
on the ship he had very little to do other
than feel the effects of what others had
done. He gave his Impressions, however,
of the actions of his superiors, and de
clared that In his opinion they had not
only taken the best course after entering
the harbor, but the only course. The sec
ond mate served more as a corroborative
witness than anything else.
John F. Hubert, who was lookout on the
May Flint on the night of her destruction,
was the next witness. His testimony pos
sessed simply the significance of showing
CAPTAIN MARSHALL A. WOODSIDE ILLUSTRATES, WITH THE AID
OF MODELS, BEFORE THE FEDERAL INSPECTORS, HOW THE
MAY FLINT CRASHED UPON THE GIANT RAM OF THE IOWA.
that the management of the vessel con
formed to all seafaring 1 rules. The cap
tain had neglected nothing that might be
a safeguard to his vessel. Every condi
tion in the bay had been reported by the
lookout, and nothing that mlpht be an
injury was overlooked. The May Flint
was at least a quarter of a mile away
when the lookout sighted, described and
announced the Iowa. The lookout differed
from the other witnesses, however. In one
Important pacticular piece of evidence.
He swore that the May Flint let go her
anchor before she struck the Iowa, while
the captain and other witnesses were
equally positive that the anchor was let
go after the collision.
James Bulllmcre, who was at the wheel
of the May Flint on the night of the acci
dent, testified that the ship behaved splen
didly durinj? tho entire voyage until she
struck the Iowa. Further than this his
testimony was not Important and he was
excused. Captain Woodslde then explained
that he had hoped to secure a tug. had
prepared for one and was on the lookout
for one, but he did not further try to se
cure one. Agents of the Merchants" Ex
change came alongside, but he told them
nothing of his desires, and went on until
his ship was spitted by the giant ram of
the Iowa. With this the case closed and
the matter was taken under advisement.
Visits Were Made to Grammar Grades
and to Technical Training
Plants in Schools.
School Director Mark escorted Mayor
Phelan to th« Pacific Heights. Grant.
Girls' High and Hamilton Grammar
cchools yesterday. The Mayor expressed
a wish to see the classes, and so Mr.
iiark went with him. Mr. Mark said
after the visits that he had not seen any
thing that was new to him and nothing
that would «<erve as the basis cf a report.
At the Pacific Heights School Miss
Stlncen, the principal, :aid that she was
f&iisMed with the present classification,
as many children would be graduated to
the High School at Christmas time. At
the Grant School there were still two
vacant classrooms. The addition of an
other class had made the total number of
cla?Fes in the Grant School six. Mayor
Ph'lan went v.ith Mark to see the manual
training: class at the Girls' High School
and the cooking plant at the Hamilton
Grammar School.
DIRECTOR MARK WITH
MAYOR VIEWS CLASSES
Th<*re vrere- no devr-lopm^nts yesterday
in the affairs of the Board of Education
resulting from the cor.gef.ion in many of
the city's school?. Great interest centers
In the. action to be taken by the board al
this morning's meeting in reassigning
tea£he:s who were recently consolidated
out ' of their positions to the audiiio::iu
classes to be formod In the 1'eahody. Bu
er.a Vltta. Hawthorne. Halght. Dudley.
Etor.e, Grant and possibly some other
schools.
The announced Intention of the board
to follow the priority cf si rvice system
lr. making apr>o5r,tnv -nts has caused wide
spread satisfaction. Some curiosity is
manifc?tc-d as to whether the chrcnologi
<*1 or«5<-r will be Ftriotjy followed. Chair
man Mark has aroushl suspicion as to
T\-hether the priority $:>sirm will be strict
ly adherM to by makfnp the favorable.
reports of principals a factor In the selec
tion of teacher;-. ' This xvili undoubtedly
result In a few of the older teachers being
overlooked, as Mr.rk .states that srnne of
the ladies on the elierible lfrt have corae
¦wjtliin the range of their prir.cipa.ls dls
rlfa^ure. Miss Duffy anu Miss Rollins
wiil get two of the plums, as already pub
lished.
Superintendent of Sr-hools Webster has
Spain received information to the effect
that the parochial and private schools
h*v«- largtly inore^sc-d tn attendance as a.
result of the hiph classification inaugu
rated by ihe board which has lessened
the accommodations for pupils in same
schools. He U arr.ed yesterday that th<»
attendance in Si. Kcse's Aradem;. had
risen from ?jO To fiOO by reason of the fact
that parents had positively refused to
senci their children xo public schools
•rhii a are at |£a£t one mil** from their
homep. Tlie inojeaj>e s<j artcundeil Web
ster that he direct «d blm deputy. Or. E. 6.
Howard, to mcko an immediate Investi
gation. Thr«-e ladies informed Mr. Web
ster that they intended to send their chil
dren to the Christian Brothers' College
befause they wrre fcrced to attend public
schools thought to h*t too far for them to
conveniently go to. Anotner iady told
him that her three children were.
folng to the Grant. Hamilton and Pacific
!e:phtt= sehr.ols. reppectively. owing to
the transfer <if grammar RTades. and this
th»- regarded as a gTeat inconvenience.
Superintendent Webster will soon begin
the distribution of supplementary books
amonz the i>up:ls=. Chairman Mark. In
his voluminous report to the Mayor, stat
ed that it was the intention of the board
to establish Fix Ftatior.P from which the
hooks will be piven out, but Webster says
the board has b«-en so slow in putting its
system into effcrt that he -will proofed
on hip own account a? the law directs.
The sum cf $0>jO has been set aside for
the purchase of ihe books, of which }20>'»
worth have been already distributed by
the Superintendent. The remainder of
the fund will now be miUxed. and If more
books ar* nec-f^ury Webster will recom
mend their purchase.
State Sm*erintendent of Schools K'rk
has notified Superintendent AWboter that
lie will consider the cafie of Kb'n-i'T
Knowlton. who was deposed from a vice
princj;>a!?hip. Both Kr.owlton and Web
ster arzue that the suspension was illegal
and that the board acted without due au
thority of law.
Mrs. C. C. Newhall, at present teaching
Jn the Garfield rVhool. desires it under
stood that no unfavorable reports havij
ev«*r ben mad" apainst her by principals.
Her oripincl appointment antedates that
of iljps Duffy ajid Miss Rollins, who will
be reassigned this morning; but she was
rot overlooked on account of adverse re-
Scrts. She is now in charge of a clans at
le Oarfieid School as a result of the prin
cipal's request.
High Classification Eesults in In
creased Attendance at Private
Schools — "Webster "Will Distrib
ute Supplementary Books.
»
Board Will Reassign Some
to Classes to Be
Created.
TEACHERS ARE
TO LEARN THEIR
FATE TO-DAY
CAPTAIN WOODSIDE ON TRIAL
BEFORE FEDERAL INSPECTORS
Story of the Bestroctaoe of the rfay
Flint Related TDiariinig an Inquiry
WMdi Is ttoe First of Its Ktad
Ever Held no the Ueited States,
Vital Daffereece of Opaeioe.
TMfi SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 19OO.
12
' . Dr. M: J. Fottrell has resumed practice
at rooms 17 and 19, Phelan building. , •
20} i K?ari»} St., Kaa fc'ranelaco. Ca 1 -
DR.MCNULTY. k
8itf<:lali»icLrf.»Bi'-')»t »*<ifson.<JonorrhOBsi,Glef^A
Strictsr«".-'^-"ii i«i Wi . - s. lrn|i(it«-nr»:tiH] their *"
allied m*a?: l .r.». IMk on I'tv^-es of Men, frep.
OvprayfanVip^fi-x^. r»ranp ixonabie. Hoar*.
9to3<'..iiiy;-;.'*vt,->s. $}-»•«*, •*o<-d»r».loti>12. Consul-
tatioi:?.-ecandsiicret1 ycoa^ Call oraddxess
Ladles' tailor-made suits, silk skirts, fur
capes; liberal credit. M. Rothschild. 526 SUtter. •
RDTTCH17Q FOn ** arb ers. bak-
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, caoners.
dyers, flourmilla. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCf.A.-xAIN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St *
OUR REMOVABLE BRIDGE WORK IS
beautiful and durable. Warranted 10 yeara.
Our J3 plates fit like a sr!ove.
Ou^ method for painless extracting ta patent-
ed and used by no other Jentist on the Paclflo
Coast, vl "
Pfl/CE LIST FOR SO DAYS I
Painless Extraction 23o
Removable Eridgework 93.00
Amalgam CO©
Mrs. Dr. R. L. Walsh will attend to tha chil-
dren's teeth — painlessly.
DR. Ft. 1_. WALSH,
813% GEAUY STREET, between Hyde and
Larkin. Telephone Polk 1133.
Mrs* Ffekham counsels
women frsse of charge^
Her address ts Lynn,
Mass* Tito advico she
gives Is prsotioal and
honest* You can write
freely to her; she is a wo-
man*
if al! ailing or suffer"
ing women oauld be made
to understand how ab-
solutely true are tho
statements about Lydia E*
Pinkham's Vegetabio
Compound, their suffer"
ings would end*
For disorders of tho
feminine organs have
gained theUr great renown
and enormous sale ba*>
cause of tho permanent
good they have done and
era doing for tho woman
of this country*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Open Evenings. Near Powell.
CASH OR CREDIT.
BIG REDUCTIONS IN
Furniture and Carpets.
CALL AND INSPECT OCR PRICES.
fcjL '*O2-^^^
III. 113, 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET,
NOTE — Our customers in the interior are
requested to write for samples o! OUR NEW
FALL GOODS.
SHEETINGS, TABLE LINENS, CRASHES, TOWELS
and NAPKINS at less than present price to Import.
15 cases VERY FINE QUALITY PRINTED SILKOLINE
COMFORTERS, all new designs, full size and pura
snow-flake filling. Price $1.50 Each
175 pairs NEW IRISH POINT CURTAINS, 12 different
deslrjns; these Curtains are In fcoth white and ecru and
are full 3£ yards In length. Price $6.00 Pair
4 cases WHITE MARSEILLES BEDSPREADS, extra SlZB
and very fine aualltUj handsome designs and hemmed
readu fop use. Price S3.5O Each
5 cases EXTRA QUALITY FINE WHITE BLANKETS,
made from pure Australian wool, full size for laras
double bed. Price $7.50 Pair
FOUR EXTRAORDINARY VALUES
IN FINE HOUSEKEEPING GOODS!'
COMFORTERS
"DT AKTIT17TQ!
CURTAINS
ADVEBTISEMEJTTS.
f $$&i$$r' same s h a p E^SSjf ; r* x *a
tS55g§g| *sTWO QUALITIE5yKf>;*jj
. l __^_
PAINLESS DENTISTRY I {S?te
jf%& No Plates Required. j2«J